MARKETS .
WEATHER.
ARIZONA General
ly fair; not much
change in temperature
NEW YORK CITY
Average crice of cop
per for week ending
Ma.-eh 22. 31.375.
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service.
BISBEE, ARIZONA, SUNDAY MORNING, MARCH 25, 1917.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
VOL. 19. NO. 249.
mm
TO
PRESIDENT WILL SUBMIT
GREAT MILITARY BUDGET
Council of National Defense and Industrial Leaders Map Out
Mobilization Plans For Country's Economic Resources;
24 Destroyers Ordered Built, and Censorship of News
papers Begins To Apply.
(By Review
WASHINGTON, March 24. Having
taken virtually every defense meas
ure possible before the assembling of
congress. President Wilson and his
advisors in. the executive branch of
the government are concentrating
their efforts to prepare for more
sweeping steps, for which congres
sional authority will be sought.
Details of the step to be rec
ommended are held in closest con
fidence but officials let it be
known today that among the rest
a general military budget, co-ordinating
many Kerns of expense
deemed imperative, will be laid
before the house and senate when
the extra session begins.
To Mobilize Resources
During the day the council of na
tional defense held a long conference
with its advisory committee of seven
industrial leaders who mapped out
mobilization plans who mapped out
economic resources; the navy depart
ment awarded contracts for 24 de
stroyers, and called a conference of
steel and other material companies for
next week to consider means of speed
ing up naval construction; the war
department announced that' failure of
the army appropriation bill at the last
session of congress would not he per-1
mitted tojiandicap the army's prepar-
ations; and regulations were: promul-
r.l tn et the cnnnirv's newsnaners
" ;- r, - , (
in a voluntary censorship preventing
publication of details which mi;hf.
embarrass the government. .
With these developments President
Wilson kept in close touch. Late in
the afternoon, after a walk, he and
Mrs. Wilson went to the state, navy
and war buildings and paid visits to
Secretaries Baker and Daniels at their
offices. The talk with the war secre
tary lasted nearly an hour.
May Treble Destroyers
In making awards on destroyers
today. Secretary Daniels accepted the
maximum estimate of each of the
three companies submitting figures.
Of the 24 ordered, nine will be built
under the emergency fund, congress
having specifically authorized only
15. A considerable number of other
builders were in conference with of
ficials, however, and Indications are
today's order will be doubled or even
trebled if facilities for construction
of the vessels can be found.
War Chiefs Buzzing
Regarding activities of the war de
partment. Secretary Baker made this
statement:
"Of course everybody knows that
the international situation is tense.
The war department, like every oth
er department of the government, is
busy with a state of preparation, but
without attempt on the part of the
development or anybody to determine
what that preparation is for, except
to put our national strength In a state
of efficiency.
"Everybody realizes that this is a
sort of unnatural situation. We are
making preparations and buying sup
plies and all that sort of thing, and
yet the policy of the country is still
to be determined by the legislative
body and just what will happen is to
be determined by the president and
congress.
"All that you can say of the war
department is that it is pressing ahead
all purchases of everything that will
E
(By Review
WASHINGTON, Mar. 24. A state
ment urging that as a patriotic duty,
tity residents transform their yards
Into gardens and farmers so diversi
fy their crops as to make each sec
tion self-supporting, was Issued to
night by Carl Vrooman, assistant
secretary of agriculture. The great
need in war time. Mr. Vrooman said,
would be a surplus of wheat with
which the nation could feed its allies
GARDENS
WAR
MEASURE
He also declared acreage of soy beans 'sume the major part of the risk in
and row peas should be increased to j -volved. The department l urging
augment the recources for protein I each section of the country to become
which in emergency could replace (Continued on Page Seven)
NG CONGRESS
Leased Wire.)
be needed to keep an army, if the
army is to be called upon."
' To Be Speedy Craft.
In awarding contracts for the 24
destroyers on the same day that bids
were opened, the navy department es
tablished a precedent. All of ' the
vessels, which will duplicate the 35
knot type already building, will be
tuilt on a basis of cost plus ten per
cent profit. Contracts for ten went to
the Union Iron Works. San Francisco;
eight to the Fore River Shipbuilding
Company, Quincy, Mass., and six to
William Cramp and Sons, Philadel-'
phia.
. Emergency funds provided by con
gress are to be used in hurrying
these and other naval vessels to com
pletion. Builders engaged on bat
tle cruisers contracts conferred with
the compensation board today, which
will allot the emergency appropria
tion. The council of national defense and
the advisory committee were In ses
sion virtually all day. It was stat-
ed that an oinetai auacnea to me
committee, a retired business man of
wide experience, recently had spent
several weks in the quartermaster's
department, going over the army pur-
cnasing system. as a ruii . ...
study, he has r-ported to Secretary
Baker, he was filled with admiration
for the efficiency, zeal and adequacy
of the service.
Army Supplies Ordered.
Contracts for quartermaster's sup-
plies, such as clothing, shoes, tent- partments, ana accepted Dy represenia- ---7 ----- --
age, etc., have been placed up to the tives of the principal press associations JvllSS (Jaddie Clifford, MlSS
limit of avilable funds with a provls- were made public today. The regula- Myrtle Arborn, Miss Dot Fin
ion for the automatic extension of tions as are follows: lavson Mrs Doris O'Neal
the orders on large scale as soon as "In view of the desire of the press r80' "'V5' uona V
additional funds are available, In of the country to refrain from the pub- iVUSS Lola Andreas and Mrs.
this connection, it was stated official- ligation of information harmful to the Grace Milner registered in the
ly today that the country was in a public interest and with the Intention. named. The judges'
better position to get quickly an ade- j ot securing the maximum publicity,!- ..
."P ..... with the least injury thereto, the fol- figures for the contest Will be
quale suppi; ui nu; iui m c.ci
before in its history. The general
military budget to be laid before con -
gress is expected to
include many
army measures wnicn. iaueu ai me
last sessiou. and which now are being
ni.iitiaJ a n 1 AuirHinotorl Tho fin.
.luu. ... . ::; :;:
ture of any recommendations as to
, . . .. ....
changes in array organizations, such
as the adoption of a universal ser
vice policy, has not been disclosed.
Fire Bugs Feared.
A possible new element for the con
sideration of the national defense any measrures wnicn migni De on ion
council was called to its attention by conance with the department of state
Richard M. Bissell and W. E. Mallal-jfor the furtherance, of American de
cir, president and general manager, fense, and in general, any plans for
respectively, of the National Board of the use of the army and navy during
Fire Underwriters, of New York. The existence of a national enier
hnard linn offered to organize and dl-8ency'-
. ., ,..mm( vnrvmr I
ICLl IUI uic e - ... . " . w. -.(-, i
out of a broad plan for dealing with
fire prevention requirements. Thei
theory on which the suggestion was
based was that a campaign of incen
diarism might follow an outbreak of
hostilities with Germany.
The underwriters have detailed in
formation as to fire fighting facilities
'throughout the country and a highly
trained corps of engineers and inspec
tors. These agencies were placed at
i
tne aisposai or tne government,
gether with all the administrative ma-
t ninery tne organization nas. 10 meei .
any emergency. Secretary Baker re
ferred the matter to the advisory coin
concluded on Page Seven.)
AS
Leased Wire.)
meat for human consumption. Two
or three crops of some sort should
be raised during the coming summer,
he said, on every vacant square foot
1n the cities.
, "If natiopal policy decrees that
there should be a big increase in our
acreage and yields per acre of food
crops," the statement says, "then the
nation as a whole and not the farm
ers as a class should and must as-
NS
Miss Mildred Robinson Wins 1st
Prize In Review's Auto Contest
1608 New Subscribers, Added
R. HOPES TO HAVE
T.
. .
DIVISION IN FRANCE
IN FIVE MONTHS
JACKSONVILLE Fin.. Mar. 24.
Theodore Roosevelt in an ad
dress here today said he would
have a division of American sold
iers in the trenches of France
within four or -five months if
given permission by the govern
ment. The statement was made Just
after the band had played "Dixie"
and Colonel Roosevelt had re
marked, "I would like to hear that
tune in von Hindenhurg's line in
France."
The Colonel said the I'nited
States should carry the war to
Germany.
U. S. WAR CENSOR
LAYS DOWN L
10 THE PRESS
11 News Which Might Tend
To Aid Enemy, Must Not,the V- n8-
Appear. Press Associations
Approve Censorship.
(By Review Leased Wire)
Washington; Maf 24. Regula
tions or the guidance of the Press of
the United States in handling news in
the present emergency, framed by offi-
cials of the state, war and navy de-
- - - -
lowing regulations are hereby issued
,"" - s guidance, which it is earnestly
1 - -
Regulations 1. No information, re - i
- - 1
or ru"1jrs fnou be published
which tend to disclose the military and
naval policies of the government of
the Lnited States. (This regulation is
' ... .. ,
any news or comment which might
reveal the strategic disposition or op
eration of armies or their sub-divisions
or the fleet or its subdivisions;
2. No information, reports
2. No information, reports or ru
mors should be published whicil tend
to disclose: (A) Movements or em
ployment of armies and their sub-divisions;
fleets and their subdivisions.
(B) Movements of vessels of the
navy or their arrival at or departure
from any port.' ,
(C) Departure of merchant vessels
should not be mentioned and it is de
sired that the name of the port of ar
rival be omitted.
(D) Assignment or movement.
i-fwhether as groups or individuals, of
offlcerg or men of the military and
nayal establishments
(K) Transportation of mails, sup
plies or munitions.
(F) Information of any designs. In
ventions or test thereof or of manu
facture, transport or distribution of
implements of war.
G) Concentration of military 'or
naval supplies or location of such sup
plies. (H) Activities in or about arsenals.
fortifications, army posts, naval mag-j
azines. navy yards, nava! bases and
radio stations.
2. Publication of any maps, dia
grams or photographs which in any
way might seem of military or naval
value.
4. No moving pictures should he
displayed which are of military or
naval value.
a. Any doubtful matter should lie
submitted to the authorized represent
atives of the department concerned,
who shall give an immediate decision
thereon and keep the inquiry made
strictly confidential.
C. It is requested that no Informa
tion, reports or rumors attributing a
policy to the government in any in
(Continuad on Page three)
'Miss Francis Juliff and Mrs.
rrarut mo&icr j-ippear jcv
. n I r , w i
onrl anrl Third Frize Win-
ners From Count
RE-CHECK IS NEEDED
TO VERIFY AWARDS
Contest Closes With Pretent-
i ious Partv at Y. M. C A.'
Attended by Hundreds of
Review S Friends.
i
S- . l i l l -:L
ixteen hundred and eight
new suDsenpnons, placing me
!Bisbee Daily Review with the
L:J 1-, ..,o.. - :..,. -
Li in u iai gv-oi lit TTOLapti v.ii
lation in the stateof Arizona,
were registered, last evening
at the clc
e close or tne greatest vot-
ing contest ever staged in Co-1
; L: .... TT :.!!
iimsc tuuiuy. J nice CdpilcU
prizes,, a big Chandler Six, a
Studebaker Four and a Chev-
roiet were awarded in conse
quence of the faithful and un
tiring efforts of the several con
testants and other participants
shared in the munificence of
i icre s r nze w inners.
Miss Mildred Robinson, of
this city, won the first prize by
earnest and consistent effort.
She rolled up a total of more
than two million .v.'o hundred
thousand votes in the contest.
Miss Frances Miff. Mrs. Frank
Mi M; Fmm-L-H RnlfV
r , ,r . , .
further verified this morning
b the Revjew ancJ j.
- i-ii
- repencies immediately recti-
c ,
faed.
mii worKea nara.
From the start of the great Re
view automobile voting contest the
keenest kind .of interest has been
in evidence from all of the con
testants. Beginning with a large
field of entries the number soon
narrowed down, considerably, and
the last few weeks has told the
tale. The winners have done the
hardest kind of work and the
hardest workers of those in the
contest succeeded in making the
best showing.
Last evening the Copper Queen
band opened the final lap of the
contest by an hour's concert in
front of the Review office on Main
street. After that the machines
were driven to the Y. M. C. A.,
preceeded by the band, and the
ballot box, which had been in the
vault of the bank of Bisbee for
the past week, was opened and
the judges began their count.
Closes With Party.
In the meantime the Y. M. C. A.
had provided several numbers for
the entertainment of those who
had gathered to see the result of
the contest. These entertainer
delighted the audience until the
judges, who inclu'ded I. F. Bur
gess, O. W. Wolf, E. A. Crocker,
W. B. Hicks, and H. S. Hooper,
were ready to announce their de
cision. Helped Review Much.
During the entire contest, which
extended over a period of eight
weeks, the contestants have can.
vassed practically all in the War
ren District who read the Eng
lish language. That they were
successful is proved by the num
ber of new subscribers added to
the Review's already large circu
lation. LOS ANGELES PORT
THREATENED BY SPIES
SAN PEDRO. Cal.. Mar. 24.
Shots were exchanged early to
day by an intruder who got past
guards around Fort McArthur
and a Bentry who discovered
him. The Introuder escaped to
the brush, according to a report
made by the seatry.
THANKS!
; 4
This morning the Review de-
1 sires to thank the people of War-
; ren District for their interest,
I displayed throughout the voting
; contest which closed so success-
fully last evening. We are espe- '
cially anxious to extend our
thanks to the contestants, each
of whom has made every effort
possible and has aided us in raak-
jt.H lZr S EZl
i with the exception of Phoenix.,
j To the Copper Queen band, a
musical organization which has
, no peer8 and few ,n the
; Southwest, we extend our special
thanks. So also do we to Secre-
! tary Richardson of the Y. M. C.
A., who aided so largely in mak
ing the closing of the contest so
auspicious, and to the judges
who worked faithfully and hard
last night.
-
ALLIES HAMMER
E
In Spite of Stronjr Resistance.
All' T 1 C 1 r
Allies lake Strongly rortl -
. fied Trenches And Gain
Several Miles.
Notwithstanding stiffened resist
ance by the Germans before the Hin
denburg line, British and French
troops continue to progress on both
sides of the Somme and Oise rivers
in France,
The west bank of the Oise from La
Fere nothward to Vendeuil, a distance
of about four miles, has been occu
pied by the French troops, who also
captured two o fthe advanced forts
of the defensive system of La Fere
supposed to be one of the German
strong points.
North of the Somme the Germans
have been forced back to Savy, four
miles west of St. Quentin. The fight
ing on the west bank of the Oise,
according to the French official state
ment, was of the most desperate char
acter, the Germans giving ground only
foot by foot and defending themselves
tenaciously.
In the face of the German attempts
to check the French progress south
of the Oise by flooding some sections
ihe French have advanced on the
east bank of the Ailette river, captur
ing several villages and forcing the
Germans to retreat.
Rnta,! ihtaii miluo .gut nf Pupmnii '
and
a railway unction point on the
line between Marcoing and St. Quen-
in, hasj been captured by the Brit-!
isn. At Beaumetz-les-t ambral. near : i
tho runtnF fir tho Rrfffah lln. .in tfia 1
Somme front, the Germans attacked
and obtained a temporary footing in
the village but later were ejected. A
lirltish advance southwest and west
of Focust-St. Mien, southeast of Ar
ras, on a front of one and a half
miles, also is reported by London.
E TO
FIND FAMILY SLAIN
IlOl'LDER, Colo., Mar. 24. Wm. A.
Nelson, a dairynkan, informed offi
cers here late today that when he
returned to his home near here this
afternoon he found bis wife and three
of his children dead. Ralph, aged
iwo, and Margaret, aged three, had
teen strangled by rags tied about
their necks. He told officers he
found their bodies hanging from hooks
In a closet.
His wife, and Buelab, aged 5, he
said, he found shot through the body.
Baby George, three months old, was
found with rags tied about his neck,
but not dead. He will live.
A note found In the house and at
tributed to Mrs. Nelson Indicated her
responsibility for the tragedy. Two
other children were sent to a nelgh-
,bors by Mrs, Nelson. tvVf to Uie f
St I trnoon
'S
DOUG
AS VOTES III no.
TH
H OUT
i
I
FRAUD: CAMPBELLS CORES
GRAND DUKE NICHOLAS
QUITS RUSSIAN ARMY
LONDON, Mar. 24.. 10:30 p. m.
The retirement of Grand Duke
' cno. iron, . post as com- "!
, manuer in cmei oi me Kussian '
armies is officially con firmed, ac-
cording to a Reuter despatch
from Petrograd. Pending the ap-
point men t of a successor, the dis-
patch adds. General M. V. Alex-
iefT, chief of the general staff,
will act as commander in chief.
The tetention of the grand
duke as commander in chief was
considered undesirable by the
tRussan minister of war, because
of his connection with the Ro-
manhoff dynasty.
!: Nebraska Ice Gorge
Breaks; 3 Drown
(By Review Leased Wire)
J. BROCKSBURG, Neb.. Mar. 24.
Three persons were drowned, one ser
i iously injured and several others very
"slightly injured when an ice gorge
j swept SHRDLU CMFWY C.MF WYP
(suddenly struck a' pier and the bridge
1 went down. Those near the end of
! the bridge ran to safety, but several
near the center were unable to es-!
I ca?' !
' lne Doales 01 vvaKesueia ana
jis8 Wales have not been recovered.
:
U. S. SPEED
10 FLYJTOR AMERICA
Rickenbacher, Earl Copper
And Others To Study Avi
ation At Once.
DETROIT. Mar. 24. Information
was received here today fom Los An
geles that Delloyd Thompson, an avi
ator today telegraphed to eleven fa-
i mous American automobile drivers in-
i viting them to become members of an
' aviation unit to serve thp government
j in case of war.
The racers whom Thompson has In
vited are Barney Oidfield. Darlo Re
ta. Ralph de Palma. Eddie Ricken
bacher, Johnny Aitken. Howard Wil
cox. Earl Cooper. Eddie Pullen. Wil
bur D'AIne. Thomas Milton and Ed
die O'Donnell. All of these men. it is
understood have made flichts with
Thompson.
LOS ANGELES, Mar. 24. Five of
the fifteen automobile racing drivers
invited by Delloyd Tbompspn ,an av
iator, to joi na proposed aerial mil
itary unit and to serve the govern-
i men! in case of war. have accented.
! ,.i; , ,.,,..,, maAa ,ra
toniK,lt by Thompson.
..Kll(li Ri,kenbacher. Earl Cooner.
: .put:
Thomas. George Hill and Eddie
Pullen have told me they would join
the proposed aviation corps." Thomp
son said.
Thompson, who is at present confin
ed in a hospital with a slight infec
tion in his leg, said he would prob
ably go to Washington next week to
consult government officials regard
ing the project.
The present plan includes the car
rying out of a course of practice
flights under the direction of Thomp
son, in his machines, and then if war
comes the men expect to go into the
service of the government, either as
a unit or as individuals. It is not
contemplated that they will enlist at
present.
WESTERN R. R. APPLY
FOR RATE INCREASES
WASHINGTON. Mar. 24. Applica
tion of western railroads for an in
crease in freight rates because of the
higher cost of labor under the Adam
sou law and of supplies and equip
ment was forecast late today by a
telegram to the interstate commerce
commission signed by officials of more
than 20 roads, asking for a confer
ence to consider steps necessary to
et "a financial situation requiring
Immediate relief."
While the roads did not state spec
ifically that general advance in
freight rates would be requested, uch
a reoneV s expected to follow.
BY COURT AS
Hunt Still Has Chance If Big
J Campbell Precinct In Va-
Vajo County Can Be Found
I Irregular.
- .,,,, .
,v,rtiUI DLLL.O i .r.t. w
IS 101 THERE
Then Campbell's Men Will At
tempt To Throw Out Five
Other Precincts On Similar
Charges.
(By Review Leased Wire)
PHOENIX, Mar. 24. Judge Stan
ford of the superior court this
afternoon in the governorship
contest granted the motion of the
contestee to throw out on the
ground of irregularities and fraud
the vote of Douglas precinct No.
1, concerning which investigation
has been in progress before the
court for more than a week. This
precinct gave Governor Hurt a
majority of 123.
VILELY IRREGULAR.
Two principal reasons were giv
en by the court for the exclusion
of the vote of this precinct. .One
was that the election board was
improperly constituted being com
posed almost wholly of persons
residing without the precinct. The
other was that members of the
election board not of different po
litical parties, accompanied to
the booths persons not physically
incapacitated from vctir.g and as
sisted them in the marking of
their ballots.
Eugene S. Ives, chief counsel for
Governor Hunt in the contest, renew
eil a motion offered some days ago
to reopen the case of the contestant
in order that Snowflake precinct of
Navajo county might be brought in for
investigation of irregularities. This
precinct gave Governor Campbell a
majority of 101. The alleeed irrea
ularities consisted of the attendance
upon persons dfsiring assistance in
marking their ballots of a citizen who
was not a member of the election
hward.
Mr. Ives was asked by the
'court to submit an affidavit on Mon
day setting forth what he expects
to prove when a decision will be an
nounced on the motion.
' More Frauds Possible.
Attorneys for Governor Campbell
Hated at the same, time if the mo
ion is granted they will move for
the introduction of six precincts,
where a similar procedure in assist
ing voters was followed. One i.f
these precincts is in Greenlee r-vinty.
one in Gila, two in Yavapai, one in
: Douglas (Cochise), and one in Mo
have. All these precincts returned
majorities for Governor Hunt.
DEATH TOLL O FTORNADO
IN INDIANA REACHES 37
XEWALBAXY. Ind.. Mar. 24 Six
additional deaths reported today made
a total of 37 pesons who lost their
lives because of the storm here yes
terday. Three fourths of the wreck
ed area has been explored and the
list of missing is being reduced al
most hourly by reports from missing
persons who have been cured for in
private homes.
Of the 100 or more who were in
jured it was said probably ". were
b.tdly hurt but that less than a doz
en were in a serious condition.
WILL TOUR WEST SPEAKING
FOR UNIVERSAL SERVICE
NEW YORK. Mar. 24-Read Ad
miral Robert E. Peary. Henry I Stim
son, former secretary of war, anl
Frederick R. Coubert will leave here
tomorrow for a speaking tour in the
middle west in bWialf of universal
military training.
GERMAN MINE WRECKER
IS JAILED IN VIRGINIA
ROAXOKE. Ya.. Mar. 24. Johann. s
Schmidt, a German miner, was sen
tenced at Mayberry, W. Va . today to
sixty days In jail on a charge of at
tempting to wreck machinery in .i
miue in which he was employed.
CAMINETTI MUST SERVE TIME
WASHIXGTOX. Mar. 24 The su
preme court's final mandate sustaining
penitentiary sentences given F. Dre
Caminettl and Murry I. Dtgg of Sac
ramento. California, for violating
Mann white slave law was issued today. TWO
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MARCH 25, 191 7.
THERE'S NOTHING LIKE new Clothes to brighten up
one's spirits And EASTER is the one season of the year when
we delight in wearing bright, fresh, crisp new outer apparel. It
is the time to "put off the old, and put on the new."
GOOD LOOKING clotls radiate happiness and prosperity,
whether it is through the fun of wearing them, op in the satisfac
tion of knowing they are waiting in your wardrobe, ready to
put on.
ONE'S HAPPINESS and fortunes are raised through the improvement of
one's surroundings. You"U find much to make you happy in New Easter Apparel
at this Woman's Garment Store. Make your selection Mondav.
1 V . :r .-m7
Pre-Easter Sale ot Charming Silk Dresses
Lovely New Models of Choicest Spring Silks, in Bright (t 1 O Q
Sunshiny Colors, Daring Combinations and Sport Styles P 1
- -
W
CKINE. CREPE METEOR
A DIVERSITY OF MODELS,
WITH NOVELTY POCKETS.
41
-V'-w"l '
35 WAS ALL WE COULD GET. The maker had more, but he
,,ce teener thfm a-nunfl as Diums to nis Desi customers awu n u
there will be many disappointed women, Monday for these dresses are so unusual from
style and quality standpoints thai the early shopper will De tne lonunaie on. .p
extraofdinarv offer, and those who are in the habit or procrastinating win lose x wu.,
opportunity.
The Most Desirable Spring Styles
rBu itti F FROCKS OF LUSTROUS. FIRM TAFFETA, CRcft Ut
AND GEORGETTE. PRACTICAL AND BECOMING DRESSES I N
.rr. - .. ,.-rurirn akipi rOPIMTH SHIRRED EFFECTS
STRAIGHT Limt, v' nt"'-" """ ' .:. T1TLJ,, cunonincPV SPORTS STYLES
Tnda'r" gScSlorLcSmIinat.on suitable for after,
noon and dressy wear.
A Wonder Value at $12.95
LET US PUT ASIDE the price and be guided by the genuine worth while
character of the Dresses; it is a most uncommon assortment, you may come with
your expectations high, you will not be disappointed. We are sure no such
dresses will be offered again this season at $12-95 possessing such a wealth ot
style, so much goodness of material, and such, workmanship as these we spread
before you tomorrow.
A Great Array of Sports and Novelty
Suits for Spring and Easter
$18.50, $25.00, $29.50 up to $50.00
"IvTmE FASHION" bows on the threshold of Eaeter Our Suit stork was never more complete
(ho newest sprin? mcUes acieptea by leaders of society await your pleasure in purchasing-not a ma-
tPr!"TnKyrATtEtsi'ITSbwhfcii women of pood and i-areful taste will be in.erested in. And we are pretty
sure t'liat every wouian, whether tall or short, or plimp or slender, dark or light, will find something lwre
tomorrow that will please her. '
... snl:: WA.NTS a suit for country wear, or ror sports, there are a number of sensible belted and
tailored styles. If she wants something "smart for s-rtet and general wear, we can show her lets or
Novelty Suits witn strap coats, biaided belts and kn'fe pleats-and whether she pays JlS.oO or o0 she
is sure of the best suit value the price will buy.
THE STORE THAT SERVES YOU BEST,
. v. mid 6&
te'iikfk ikm
I i : W' J
f v$
NEW COATS FOR SPRING
Sports Models, Street and Dressy Styles
$8.50, $10, $12.50 to $39.50'
t OATS UK .MA.M styles, of many colors, of many fabrics yet net wiili
stant'ing t'e great variety ot coats here yoa'll tind iio discordant note.
SO.;E OF THE seasons smartest coat? are of liruella Cloth or Velour i;:
-bright colors, full flowing lines, a model of trace and oeautv; other equuiiv smart
styles of Poiret Twills, berse and Cheviots.
For Spr.rts, Motoring and general service there are many practical tvlc
Oevc'oped tf Novelty Piaid.H, Checks, Stripe . Wool Poplin, Serge ami Gal.ini no
The -ccat-dres:,- style which lastens full l.ayth clon front is a favored style
Ccutsi that are uumat liable anywhere at SS.5J, $lu and upwaias to Su9.50.
the right kind
of tailoring is
very economical
If you'll have us send
your measure and fab'
ric and fashion to
Ed. V. Price fc? Co.
youll undei;
stand why we
are headquar
ters for tailor'
CHICAGO
ir-s for-
men
who care.'
f
V 'A3i?
ft 1
Separate Skirts in Color
ful Variety $8.50, $10,$15
EACH DAY as tue seusrn advances v.e
show new models ir. Separate Skirts. Our East
ern olilce. mindful of P.isbec women's marked pre
ference for Sports and Novelty styles in Skirts,
keeps a discriminating eye open tor all the new
things shown in New ork selects trie niosi
appealing and sends t.'ieni to us post-haste.
Sport Models
TOMORROW weYfc showing a
smart variety of Spcrls Models, de
veloped of hnest spring woolens i'
brich; sunng colors; others of excel
lent quality Taffeia silk, in sports and
novelty styles, plain colors, brilliant
plaids, checks and stripes. I'nusual
styles and values at JS.50. $10, $12.oil
and $l-r.
Let us prove it!
1 4
W
1
Special Display of Easter Millineru--StileReiqnsSwreme
-THIS WEEK OUR SHOWING OF SPRING AND EASTER MILLINERY WILL BE THE MOST COMPLETE AND COMPRE
HENSIVE OF THE SEASON. THE IMMENSITY OF THE DISPLAY WILL SURPRISE OUR VISITORS "THE FAIR" STORE
CREATES, MAKES, BUYS AND SELLS MOFE HATS IN A SEASON THAN SEEMS POSSIBLE.
Now, cne whole week will be gWen to a special selling and display of Easter Ha's. that will convince everv
shopper tlr.it v.e have l.ats at every price in every style and color of tJie new season. You'll find none to equl
this assortment elsowhere in the Southwest:
Uress Hats, street Hats, Tailored Hats,
Flower-trimmed H
on indefinitely wt couldn't then tell you just how variei are the styles you will see A bat for every women
at a price to SI IT HE It PURSE.
W1 'KJ(
s
i'lC A
$3.95 AND $5.95
MILLINERY
INEXPENSIVE, Yes and em
bracing quite the smartest models
of the season, a wonderful collec
tion, including sports styles, tailor- ,
ed hats, sailors and those that aro
(lower trimmed. Easter millinery
that will be a revelation to you In
both style and value, priced af
$2.95 aLd .".9.".. Hats that will
prove a delight to all women.
CHILDREN'S HATS
$1.25 TO $7.50
MOTHERS will find this assem
blage of children's and girls' mil
linery a mighty interesting one.
Dainty, airy models of chiffon,
cfepe de chine and straw braids;
also exquisite combinations of
Georgette, Lace. Ribbon and braids,
embroidered Pique hats in white
and colors, prices range from $1.2.
to $7.50.
$8.50 AND $10
MILLINERY
Style not a matter of price
The clever trick of a design
price The clever trick of a design
er will imbue the most inexpensive
Hat with an originality that sug
gests the personality of the wearer.
To snc artists we turned in select
ing hats for these two groups at
$8.50 and $10 and they are the
equal of hats priced a' third wore.
Silk Stockings 75c
.... --. f xi i
White, mack ana uotors j
THE WOMAN who likes the comfortable feeling, ami
smart appearance of Silk Stockings, hut thinks t.'iat the all-silk
kinds are a little beyond her means, will fina these at 75c equal
in value and effect to those costing double the price, of excellent
quality silk, with deep lisle top and lisle foot, in gold. peMrl.
white all si7.es from 8i to 10 at 75c a pair.
Kayser's Silk Gloves
65c, 85c and $1.25
THE VERY GLOVES you want and need are here Of
course, they are the famous Kayser make, with double linger
tips that give added service and every pair gvaranteed.
YES. they are in plain b.ai-K una plain white, as well as
combination black and white stitched effects with a full ratiKO
of the "hard-to-find" shades to matc.n or contrast with your new
Easter frock priced at fiGc. fc.'.c. and f 1.25 a pair
KAYSER'S Two lUitton Silk Gloves, with double tinccr
tips, in white, black, gray, champagne, gold, brown and suede:
sizes o'i to M,i at fi5r a pair.
KAYSER'S Heavy quality Silk Gloves twe button style, in
plain black and white, as well as a complete range of the njol
wanted spring shades, also black and white gloves with con
tiasting stitching, per pair. tS.1c.
KAYSER'S Novelty Silk Chives of hcav quality, doiiii'
nutfigr tips, in black or white with contrasting stitching and
high cuff with band trimming; sizes C to S, a pair $1.25.
New Easter Neckwear
35c, 50c, 75c to $3
CK1SP AND NEW -Yes. and they are more Uiau new
they're the most exquisite pi et ties thai we've had for any Eas'er
that we cau remember ot and the assemblage includes every
smart style and fashionable effect broucht out tin's season.
Made ot Voile. Organdk. I'repe IH Chine, Georgette ati!
Khnkf-KocI in white, brignt spring shades and novelty spor's
patterns in figures, squares ai'd dois; tne prettiest affairs iin-ain'Piil-Ic
and all so inexpensive, prices range from 'M-v. 5n-.
upwards to $3.tMI. , Jl ST THE RIGHT NECKPIECE to give t '
finishing touch to your Eat'T Gown.
Mi
New Summer Dress Cottons Ready Monday
The Most Exclusive Types New Sports Designs and Colors
THE TIME, THE ATTENTION and the art which th-.- weavers and dyers of Cotton Fabrics have given this sea
scn's productions have accomplished more for beauty than lu-.s ever before been achieved. There are new shipments arriving
ilmost daily. TJiese mentioned below are the most doirable, -nest demanded of the correct new styles for spring and svtih
incr wear and are certainly among the daintiest and n :s .is inatjng we have ever presented.
40-INCH ENGLISH VOILE 35c.
AS DAINTY almost as a shadow tracery and as
pretty as can be in coloring. "The Fairy fabric o' spring
time" -call it that, who will -for that is what they are
lively in every sense of the word the color range in
cludes various shades or blue, lilac, pink, apricot. Jade
green, black nd white. ::5c a yard.
SARATOGA MADRAS 50c
Saratoga Madras in a splendid as
sortment of striped patterns in new
spring siiades; 32-inchet wide We
den't know of another fabric at a'ty
where near the price that will give
equ:il service and satisfaction. Espi--cially
suitable for lioys' Rlouses and
Men's Shirts.
SPORJ STRIPED VOILE 39c
THK'VOGr.E for the "Sports Voiles" is a sensatio i.
It seems as thouj-h 'most every woman must have a sut i
mer frock of this .beautiful novelty fabric. Elegi.nt, firm'..
woven and very sheer; in sports stripes, figures and do's
in the most beautiful and daring color combinations; 4 -int
lies wide, per yard.':!9c
FOUNDATION SILK 35c
These soft, lustrous Foundation
Silks are especially adapted for the
making of fine summer lingerie, in a
i complete range of new spring colors.
yi--lt will retain its good appearance after
trjong service and repeated washings;
6-lnches wide.
FULTON MADRAS 35c
A new xhip'-.ient of "Fulton Mtol
rasses" just untacked. wjiite grounds
with new stripcl patterns in various
colored stripes -nd combinations, als'i
biack and white, a highly mercerized
fabric that will laundry beautifully
-uid keep its cokr; o2-inches wide.
ri
Malm
Gold and Silver
Laces
WK TAKE great priue in presenting
these i:qui.sile Gold and Silver Faille Ibices
at such moderate prices, 85c, $1.25 and
J1.50 a yard - for you know, they are !!.'
season's most demanded trimming for sun
nier frocks, blouses and hats, and are sell
ing eveiyiviiere at a premium but. at "The
Fair" t'-ere'fc an abundance and at rigJit
prices, too.
Sport Hat Banding
25c, 35c to 75c
HAT HAND Ribbon in the new Spoils
designs, and colors is the latest New. York
Fad. air! it is a very clever idea: Procuie
an untrinmied hat In one of the new spring
sliapis, place a simple hand of this pretty
riblxni on it and it is ready to wear, and
unite lb- smartest hat you could choose.
These Sports Hat Ribbujis come in a
wide ra'r:e of colors and le.-ij,ns. and priced
.it :5c ir. 7:,c j, vnrd.
Bright Colored Hosiery
Spring Fashion's Latest Edict
A Full Range of Colors $125
DAME FASHION, when she turn:5 to hoe. decrees the
l.righi. brilli.'.nt shades tor spring. In :he dance hall, or on
the stage, where gavel y, mirtl. and h: :li spirits hold sway,
you see im sonber colors- all is brill! nt.
THERE ARE OCCASIONS without a doubt, for sad anu
;:loomy colors but th.-y are lew. Tl public is r aliiiu,
more and more, the uo d sense, the eh: appearance, as well
as the comfort which go with wcaiin the lighl or bright
iiaurs in -stockings.
AND IT IS NOT an extravagant iiult geme to comply with
Fashion's di maud, for in t!:i.s $1.25 aswi iclinil f ours there
every new and wanted color anil shn'l' thai ill he worn by
jft'iiri die:.crs throughout fie : :-ing a' I sTnnnr, also l-la n
and while.
Luncheon
Sets $5.00
Pur Linen Luncheon Sets for
$5.to consisting of one large cloth,
S'i-iiiches in diameter, with scalloped
idge. and a half-dozen 15-inch Na;
kins to n.atch. in a good range of ne.v
patterns. Those familiar with recent
advances made in the price of liners,
will recognize this as a very unusual
value at the price.
Luncheon
Sets $6.50
ANOTHER Luncheon Sol value .1
equal importance priced at $i;.5l--bought
several months ago. other is"
Ihc pin e would be at least TWO DOL
LARS more. Large cloth 45-biches in
di. '.meter scalloped edge, six 15-iiuli
toil kins to match. warranted pure
!i'!OII.
Crepe de Chine Blouses
$3.95 and $5.95
IT IS CERTAINLY due to expert buying that
we are not compelled to mark tin, ltlouses cm
braced In these two lots considerably more than
$:t.5 and $5.93. The color range is limited only
by the decree cf Fashion. Every plain shade, and
combination that has been declared good f r
spring Is included. Positively unmatchablt ill
style and value.
New Blouses
$6.50 to $18.50
EASTER FASHION'S in mouses are of sur
passing loveliness, and Easter Sunday is only two
weeks away. While new I!ouse creations arc
coming in daily by express, it is the part of wis
iloiu to make seleoi ions NOW when assortments
protide period choice, while every now and popu
lar .--hade is represented -while there is a chance
lo i Iiihw a blouse in color and shade to actlv
match or tiarniome wilh the spring suit or s-kfrt.
Waists at $1.49
Made of fine sliver Voiles. Org.it.'dit-s and
Itaiisie. in plun unite, and white wiili colored
iriuiiiiing. some plain tailored, others of cross
barred lawn trimmed with lact , embroidery, or
orgaiiuio paueU, un.l son.e wilh trill t routs, uow
collar and sleeve effects. A wonderful asur
11, cut ai J1.4!. THREE
PHELPS DODGE EARNS T
:ms of nation's tvi:lve land i;.:;v:' mi in national capital
1 Atii. iiL-
(I
Lr.li 9
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW. SUNDAY MORNING, MARCH 25, 1917.
dip pi!m in vrsn 3
DIU GUi?l ill I
s
r
"A
i
T
r
I
4
, '- .: .. ; V i-V'--VV S .v;- ..&v.:v
: -i-' v:.'' v:v?-":- Ciui
;?i
(ContinupJ from p?ec onr.') I J
With profits por pound of Or, 7i Sr.
9-, 10-, He. 12c. ;j
(In the basis of 27.000 tons per day K
and assuming t.ot more than ion. 000 js
shares of stock outstanding, the earn- n
inirs npp share woiild !e as follows! i -x
rrofits per It).. ir. 7c. Sc. !e, 10c, lie,
12c.
z:.'.-. .rt'-ii Ji-nls in set.' ion. Lift to riht: T. r. Pais. I. 51. (--i tt. !J. f .
L'Vvi.-fcr n (in f(!r--.r;.ii.i''). I.. (;. Uoi'i.:.--::. l. !. f.;ivtr. .v.
V."-'. ..e a -.r.iM'rr in Vd.--l".:rsrton ':' i i"r!v :,..: "! nr':-i.e f tV
-j. . : " !s ;:i:n.' -.rr,j'tt-- S-'.li of tiv-.T ! un!:s, whit-h arc i r !
ur.'. lit;.; mo:'. ul:-.-lur, lt'jUUar, &td attorney.
lly i.
.... .: :. -i .: A:V..v:XSiiladJ fcv o
s r 1). 'V;:..ir IIo .icl!. IX P. Iloan, F. J. H. von
l- L). ;. i) :-hea.
I ':ii'; I i:;!s tlie oi par.ization of the federal
tl.i-ti it-is, has a president, vice president.
PUIS LEGISLATION .
llSI'IOilll fvSS
i
I Lidding iniaht t nbolished by the
j l i'l. the siMeslion Lein? made by th
I i
I
n jiresentaiive of a paving company.
finally drvwn the bill was dc-j
r tr
llilnu
o
II ARIZONA CITIES xjzz
f ic oit-tnpi towns in whi -h
. i hi iv is no daily paper from publi a ,
eeV:s. AVhen the I
house fro'iii the senate
f ; f.. i;.1(l II. of it via In nepd rif
ENACTED fNTO LAW
UK LEGISUUIBEisi
'tutions with supervision over the ad-
minlstrative boards of the educational
i institutions; the act reclassifying the 4 jn2 20-
counties oi me siaie on a uasis'oi as-
Profits per share, $:!.?.:!; ?:!.S9; l H
S.". Oil: s.vr.i;: Si'. 1 ! : SiMIT.
I The company's plant -lictaii parftr
j operation on !Liy IS, 191.", and forlju
that year produced 10,!M4,S24 pounds. L'
of rclined copper, at a profit of $' i
i 4;S. This small profit was due to tiio'S
'insignificant prmluctioit. I ij
I The following is the record produn-IS
Jtion. costs and prcrits since the pl.irt.
. started operations;
191.".. (7 1-2 months) 10,fiU,S24 lbs.);"
Cost. r. o. b. plant, 16.34c; Total co .t
per lb. delivered. lS.;i;c; net profit.-,
30.4tiR.
' 1910., (12 months) 41. :10.",47 lhs.
cost. f. o. b. plant, 11.70c; Total co;.t
per lb. delivered, l.v.ii.ic; net profits.
r.
. ' M
. z. ' yTi
' ... i)
' :.'.
I
1917. I? nimillisl t:tSTftfm
j ses8(1. valuation; the bill providing Cost r Q b pIant 9 C4c; tot.a t0,( pfr
icr laimary uai.i.u . u.f;u ,Ipiiveren. m.24c: net nnitits. il.-
providinK fo rthe organiation of (,n
school cadet companies and the AUhouh minine and treatment cost
Ma- permitting aliens eligible to cit- na he(,n t.ll!4tan,iv decreasing since
llL . D- J u L , amenuments to correct certain iei n- f t c ojq Kilic IntroHiireti lr" u " ........ operations began in ilay. 191o. it
iic.t. 1 l-r IjC a xv-ii- . , ;. : ,.u..,.i i " tViB Kta- ...ill i.:..u .i..
- . .. i . . . 1 i . ; .. .-1... .-'n.. I ih-it in
SlJsTcLIe Scandal HdS De-.e ostensible correction of these er- i
veioped When Amended rors the alternate system of bidding'
Paving Bill is Found to Con- s 0,,t; ln .
&44. , raving contracts amounting to hun-j
tzin a Joker. Idrcds of thousands of dollars are be-j
' ing h ld tin in Phoenix and Douglas ,
What promises, to be one of the pending settlement of the question.
tivpest scandals in the history of
Arizona legislation appears to be de- i
veloying in conneiiion with the alter
ations of a bill amending the paving
ai t-of 1912, which passed the legis-;
la'ure and was sigr.ed by the gov-j
ernor. )r now develops that the bill I
v,; i so changed es to entirely elim-'
inste tlie provisions for al'ernate bids !
a s.
!SI
L
L
lha ctati. ...:n .i t. . ... -i.
llinety tetunic jiatutca. : Referendum petitions directed production. Transportation and insitr
Sixty Nine Were Signed. against the minimum wage law for ance costs are exceptionally hig.'i, bn-
Four Bills Passed Vetoed by ' women' the anti'8amblinK laW" thC ing approximately two cents per lb
, 3 I commission of state institutions and above normal costs prior to the war.
Campbell. 'possibly against the bill amending the The process of ore treatment has
paving act so as to abolish alternate i,Pen proven a complete commereia'
bidding are said to be in course of success. Engineers estimate that npo"n
being circulated. If successful ln se- the completion of the proposed addi
curing the required number of signa- tion to the plant 27.000 tons of ore can
lures, the circulators of referendum be delivered to it daily; that the av
petitions can thereby hold up an en- erage of this ore from the oxidized ore
actment of the legislature until the body will be 1.91 per cent copper; that
next general election. Jan average extraction of SS per cent
lean be obtained and that 300.000,000
MOLLA BJURSTEDT LOSES 'pounds of refined copper can be pro-
(Continued From Page One)
Out of the r.19 bills introduced dur
ing the session of the third state leg
islature, ninety measures were enact
ed into law, according to statistics
compiled in Phoenix. Of this num
ber 69 were signed by Governor Camp
tell, and the remaining twenty-one
became laws without his signature.
Four hills that passed the legisla
ture were vetoed by Governor Camp-
and
I rresscou via senator aim aner MIAMI, Ha., .Mar. zi. i tie t nna- lo.ai ,o.-u.
! mountain: two others had the same ! delphia Americans today defeated the. The present plant Is now producing
U. S. Must Grow Supplies.
ed at 6.S04.364 tons of metallic coppe
which at the low profit of six cent'
per pound would yield gross profits .cf
SINGLES TO MARY BROWNE duced annually and delivered in En
hv Vlm.h the legislative bodies of cit- te.rnat ienal situation, nob authorized ' bell; and all on the ground of uncon- LONG BEACH, Calif., Mar. 24. rope or the United States at an aver-
ie- :nd towns could call for bids on bv the President or a member of the stitutionnlity. One sourM to exempt Mary K. Browne defeated Molla I5jur- age Cost or six cents per pound,
more than one set of specifications, cabinet fce published wit'iout first con- from its share of the inheritance tax j stedt here today 6-4, 6-1, in the worn- The extractable contents ot the pro
... .... . i. , . r n,A i .,..-..11 m-fi I., n.lith .. : i r: i . i , .... .. ...... Avn i - A "nn AAA ...... : .. i i .. .
uiirt ft.llnwins? their suhllMssio'l leave Cll t ng the department OI State, l"c .o- "...v.. , vu s t,11Kies uuma m a icuun tuuiua- cn uic iouo, in uuuim:
fo 51 Der cent of the prooertv owners "Note the above regulations shall goes to the famous Lowell observatory I TOent in progress here
alon? the i.rotiosed i;nprovonient the not be enforced in any matters official- at Flagstaff; another sought to fix
question as to wiat sort of pavement ly given to tlie press by proptrly au- the highway between 1 noentx
should be laid. The l.ill as drawn was thorized officials.
li'eo' trn. ' of certain publitatuin n'OME, Mar. 24. (via Taris).- The objec-t. namely to permit the sale by , Boston Nationals in the last of the at the rate of over fi.UOO OOO pounds o'
rulj., Tnited Pfit-s must devo'e itself- to the state of the old industrial school three games series, bringing the refined copper per month. Tins produc
It" now develops that the dama?in, increased 'agricultural production in building at Benson. Cov. Campbell j standing for the series to two to one on J gradually increase until i,v
amendments .ere added to the bill the opinion of David l.uoin. American vetoed the first of these bills because , for Boston. The score-was 8 to 5. tho latter J y
after it had passed the senate and representative in the international in- n'1 "'riec. ues.-nue me muu i nere were nine aoumes ana two trip- -
,. .- ... . . . . ,. to be conveved. and a second meas-iioa Hurins' tlm pa me
while it was under consideration in titute of agriculture liere. Mr. Lub-
the. house. It also appears that the in has sejit to President Wilson a iilan
1 ilt was never read the third tune in v,r food mobilization in' rise of war.
fo"! in the honse as provided by the rased on the experience of Europe and
onsLitiMon, and that it riilS!-'('d the aiming to obtain a ereater agricul:
house on roll call without being read tine effect in view of the world's
In i full. Th? constitution provides j shortage of food and also to prever."
that ail measuies must be read the ' food speculation.
third time in full. '
The di-covery thr.t the bill elim in- i FRENCH IMPORTS RESTRICTED.
atei the alternate system of tiidding ' PARIS. Mr. 24. By authority of llv
w;u5 not discovered until alter the i cabinet the minister of commerce t"
measure had been signed by ;ht gov-.day issued a decree prohibit! 't; all
ernoi. It was thou called to the at- imports w hitsoever cxtep't si'- !i :
tent ion cf the city conir-.nssion of may be authorized specft'cally I y c
Phoenix that tlie uiternate sy-tv.n of iiovernment upon applicatir.il.
EAo
CHE WEEK From NEXT SUNDAY
THE FASHION
EVrrfT of the
tNT'RE
,YLAR
w
'TpHAT new Spring Suit of yours
-2- 3'ou will want Photographs
cf yourself in it for your relatives
and friends.
And of course the ' Pictures
should be finished in the very latest
mode the way we finish them in
our studio.
v..
Studio
The Photographer in Your Town.
Jckcb Shnid ElcJg. Brewery Gulch
t:re v. as hastily .drafted and rushed j
through borii houses' m the closing
drjs of the session. It too, on close
e: .j.mir.ation proved to be incorrectly (
!:n;or;r.nt among the enactments of
the third legislature were the mini- 1
n i.n wage for women, fixing $10 aj
vi-i :; as the minimum wage for wom
' ii red girls; the red light abatement
lav.-, similar to the California sta-.
r.;o; the widows' pension act: a dras-i-:
antigambling law which makes
tV? participant equally guilty with the
fper of the game; the commission
of state institutions which provides
for a state commission of three mem
bers having charge of all state insti;
r I kKjuS "3 Food for jv
MiO.:? Invalids
YVjd- Uif.htynrwmmmdrd K
?L - --iy by prominent phyician i?
Q V.v.v for tubm-ailmu.
WIDKMANN'9
I
f-ri.", t ti ' . ... oVl 3 h
To do eClcier.t prospectinc cheaply, you must have
machinery. Hzv.d methods are too slow and expen- t
sive. A small compressor driven by gasoline will do
the work of ten men quicker and at only a fraction of
the cost. A small hoist will enable you to get the waste
or ore but quickly and cheaply. tVj
The "NOVO" Hoist as illustrated above with drum, jj
friction, clutch, and rated at 600 pounds capacity, 210 3
feet lift per minute in stock for immediate delivery is 3
only $235. R
res-
"'. -ga 'r
btfratlmu.
I PURI. EVAPORATED
GOAT MILK
Easily dtgettrtl by rrn th weakest
4t bsuidins: aTfoer:ie. P4
JjV lneicc'.lrdb.iby foaJL
AT lcadinu DR'jccirra Jjr
VI3EM A? I H f30AT; -t.fi LK Ctt
AID CIJHAKS svt:,:mixo"":
r , f P. i
i r 1 i
pounds per montl
For ten years pr,ier to the European
war tho average price of copper war
15 1-4 cents; binca Augit, 1911, the
price has averaged 22 1-4 rent:?,
i The new' hoods, .-convertible int'
stock at ?:!5 per r-luire, are to be se
cured by the pledge of the entire ct."
ital stuck cf the ("ii!? Exploration Co.
subject only to the existing lien of
$15,000,000 of the Chile Copp?r Co';
7 per cent ccnvcrtihle hopds.
NICHOLS COPPER.
Tlpsnito rvii.ii K In pnntnirv T.nected tl'.a the refi-
Nichols CotiDer Co.'s big refinerv n: -.nnie opt rnticn : at r
Long Island City is still runnin:. UTAH C'
Workers to the number of 475 have re ''-''n the n'fs;
turned to the plant, leaving more than, during the next tit v-ri .
1000 still out on strike. Parsing fatiiiiic.- at:! i
The company has written the strik-pf which hav l:i i v
ers, requesting tliem to return and j Copper frcm Ity nwu
pointing out among other things that ha i-.i pesiti; n to h
wages were voluntarily raised last I cf oi,. daily :r-d rr d'
year, the increase amounting to some-1 "oO.OOO.ooo luu-nds e;'
thing like eight cents an hour. It ispioni.
. The rnfc v-;;Ver v -is
i !, it ,, ..- f.. !-
i
i ';riir;i:i '' '.' v .
!.., VI Th- . .. ,
ness an iir;-ort ".'"! r r .
; irntte- ( f : r..-- :' )! .
j .1 it) i.(mj.:' . i - :i
pr;l a i'i! ".!- :; er
' t. k f.:i tlie !.!;h v : '.
i f-'lv H ""st 1 ...l,..;.'-or
We have the new 'Z" Fairbanks-Morse Engine in
stock for prompt deliveries.
OUR MINE SUPPLY STOCK IS COMPLETE and
you can depend upon us having what you want when
you want it. Powder both -i0 and 60 per cent. Drill
Steel all sizes. Shovels, Picks, Crow Bars. Carbide,
Lamps, Anvils, Forges, Blowers, Hammers, Fuse, Caps,
Fuse Lighters, Cap Protectors, Pipe, Buckets, Rope,
Cable, Tool Handles, Valves and all kinds of Oils and
Greases
7-"
- v.- 1!
;li.'
"a i
s J
ni''--
t''.:t !. I U'.'l
.-!( '.!
r,: r- t-.i
e t!::-;-c fr '.n
per i er :n-
' r V :( '!!
' 1 J J V? - i
1
acme
Horseshoe
Tires . . . .
, ... O -t '. r. '
t.ouuiis t.l
I I'll
tho cr t i t of ea h.
! OLD DOMINION.
The Old Doi!i::iinii cupper produc-
;'!i;i for t':e !iiim"i i i'lMiruary ?j
Rnilt bv men who know how '":,)n"" :'''"ds Th s piod u tion w;n
-i y l i, ,
The PEERLESS MANUFACTURING COMPANY
was incorporated for the purpose of manufacturing
household articles.
By the 1 0th day of April the factory will be in
operation manufacturing the PEERLESS WINDOW
SHADE ADJUSTER.
After careful investigation, the CORPORATION
COMMISSION has put its stamp of approval on the
stock of this Company, by issuing a permit to sell the
small amount of stock which this Company offers at 50
cents per share.
. For demonstration of the Window Shade Adjuster
and information about the stock, see
J. T. WARD, Selling Agent Room 1 Muheim Bldg.
5?
.Miss Gertrude Artelt in readiness
for a spring.
IS.'"
JERRJLL
C! . III VO Y A T. ASTROLlXl ER.
Located at The Lowell Hotel.
The greatest exponent of Hiiu'ii
philosophy in America. The r.ir.n
with wonderful tdairv.iyatrf pocr atel
the most const i. nt i. us adviser (if sii.y
tl.l. Lt sntiiiier iir.iu umiim uwirii; nt i uJ saeri-i
out or materials tnai are ngni. r 11)U!i 2S ,..IVS T!le s,lu I,r u
y . m m s-
1 hat S WhV the Morse ihoe taking ahoiit tin' same tonnikge of in the profession. He brinjs you f.n
'"R'i' and custom ores as in the past to tare with tacts. .Now is your op
portunity to consult a true gin-'i
medium. He positively tells ye:r
Tire is
"So Far Ahead It's Lonesome'
k;M I ill
Miss Gertrude Artelt, the fourteen-year-old
swimming prodigy of
Philadelphia. Pa., created a sensa
r tfon recently when she lowered the
nation; 1 figure for sixty yards, do
ing the distance in thirty-six ar.d
one-half seconds. She also covered
the fifty yard distance in twenty
tight and one-half seconds.
Miss Artelt is to meet champions
of different states in the coming
months, and it is the opinion of
swimming experts thai this youth
ful mermaid will be the national
woman's swimming champion by the
end of the season.
few month, most of tiie tonnage ores
"tiling frcm the immediate district.
In the concentrator department a
new flotation riant in the north unit
is being installed and should be near'y
completed by the end of March. The
concentrator tonmig.- remains at
SPENDING MONEY O N a,,out sr'rt fons p- ' '' tl!t'
DIAMONDS IS INVESTING Tion I:1:ulli"0 ls ,iva,in,t r-",rt ,OIis 1Hr
day. Preparations are being made to
1. !er.ct the new to-fimt door thickening
It's inventing it. too. in a way that is ,iink for thickening th.e sPmes prior
sure to pay dividends. ' flotation. One car a day f flora-
been steadilv ,,on coiieentrates cont.ti'ies to tie sii'.tw
ned to the International snielttr win!"
COCHISE MOTOR CO.
Fhone 444
1
Diamond prices have
advancing for years, and they are
almost sure to continue to do so.
I have on band a most attractive dis
play of Diamonds to show my ,
customers.
I buck up every stone with my per
sonal assurance of its purity.
Also, it will be found that I've priced
them very low
Which is a guarantee that a Diamond
purchase here will prove the v.'ry
best sort of an investment.
If you are in the market for a Dia
mond let me point out to you hist J
WHY my display excclls.'
tiie prat ity concent rates go to the O.d
Dominion smelter. '
At the Kingdom shaft excavation
work is proceeding for tho new howt
installation, mr-t of the cquipim t't
for which is already on the gri.iinl.
The hoisting pockets in the shaft hnv
already been cm. The K!ii".'eri sh:i'"t
's iwit. x sank il iwi to the 19 "o ! el.
Delivery of the Diesel engine h; pro
mised at tiie end of prl! In the
meantime, the striictur.il work for th"
building is practically complete.
Pumping at the ni ne is normal at
Li Li ClLai!! U
i about 4.niio.(i0i) fallens per day. Pri'I
ing and grouting work is being ron
Mmicd in I'il.i reck with t'u' id"i
of piniiiiiiig an impTi.iuN 1;ij,t o,
slif.e 'n'o t' e vn H rnd tints prrve;'.i
ing any possiide mi iSh tit wait r int"
"tlie iniiii .
name, what is best for you to do :n
be successful in business, love affui-.--.
what chances to make. He tells "'
if the oae you love is true of false a-i.i
'tow to govern and control your en
emies and frier.ds in fact how to th'
successful in any and all affairs of life.
Mr. Jarrill has a world-wide repu'n
tion and has the endorsement of t e
iM'st people. Mr. .Tarrill guarantee.
satisfaction. Kvervt'ittig is kept otei
Iide!:t;.il. and
His prices are within the reach of all
Special Kcad'tig : "
Psychic Heading
Kul! Reading " ofl
SPECIAL FOR THIS WEEK
To all who obtain a full reading
will be given
ABSOLUTELY FREE
an ASTKOLOtllC.U. HOKOSCOPK
prepared for tlie sign of the V. 'dim
in which tney were lMirn. giving tiie
characteristics, faults, diseases they
are inclined 10. fortunate and un
fortunate periods, busine.-.s and finance.-investments
and speculation.;,
inheritance and lawsuits, journr-js
aa.l travels, friends, enemies, !i ve
-"iiM -! -'o arid marriace. an iii-oir:-tn'ii
ii deliueaiion 'id the prehaH'i
y. irli te-ei jiis. The r ' - ir r ii-
of this !-i i o-eope ha-- been $ no.
It will he given FKKfc: to ail w!
get a full reading utinna t'ii eek.
1
t THE BISBEE, DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MARCH 25, 1917.
Published Every Day Except Monday by the
State Consolidated Publishing Company
Business Office Phone No. 39.
Branch Connecting All Departments.
Advertising Rates on Application.
Entered a Second Claw Mall Matter at Bisbee, Arizona.
Under Act of March 3, 1879.
Subscription Rates, Payable in Advance:
PEE MONTH S .75
THREE MONTHS 2.26
SIX MONTHS .T. 100
TWELVE MONTHS 7.60
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per year 2.50
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per quarter.
75
H Subscription "a ken For Les Than T5 Cents
PHONE NO. 39.
Review subscribers not receiving a copy of The Bisbee
daily Hevlew bvfore 8 a. m. will get one promptly by
pecial Western Union Messenger by telephoning the
Circulation Department, No 39 The Review will co
alder It a favor if any Irregularity of delivery Is report eo
to the Circulation Department The Messenger service
, applies to Bisbee only.
Sunday Morning, March 25, 1917.
THE AGITATOR.
Commenting upon labor trouble threats in the Sail I
River valley, growing from the development of the highly I
important cotton industry in that section, it seems to us
that the Arizona Republican goes exceedingly straight
and well to the point In the following:
"What this country needs more than anything else Is
increased co-operation between capital and labor, and
The Republican has done in the past and will always
be glad to do in the future, all that it can to bring about
this kind of co-operation. This country needs labor and
lots of it, and labor which shall be treated liberally and'!
with absolute justice, but it does not need the agitator
with his tale of misrepresentation, his clever efforts to
create class prejudice and his destructive instead of con
structive policies."
For every ounce of good he has brought about, the
labor agitator has achieved a ton of Iiarm. He has sown
more discord where he should have sown peace and
harmony than would pave hell throughout. He has
caused more men to overlook or abandon opportunity and
hit the trail of chance than all other agencies. He is the
product as a rule of a little education and a vast deal of
cunning and graft. He is a non-producer, a non-worker,
yet eternally harping against capital because Jie alleges
that it does not produce. His living, usually fat, is
wrung from the sweat of honest laboring men. He is
evil company in most all ways, and his work has had
more to do with retarding and bringing unionism into
wrong light than ul other things. He has ever been
opposed to new, progressive methods in the Union, be
cause cleanliness would put him out of business. His
methods alone have kept the union from reaching the
same power and respect held by the organizations of cap
ital. For both labor and capital the agitator has been
most unfortunate incident in our industrial development
He is a disease germ that should be stamped out for
ever wherever found. He can and does bring greater
terror, suffering, privation and loss to the communities
he afflicts than scourges of small-pox, scarlet fever or
other plagues might carry. The conscientious union ad
vocate who goes among his fellows, working day by day
at the tasks at which they work, and who in the hours
of leisure brings them into the union association, we
have respect for. He is an honest man, expressing honest
convictions, a turdy fellow whose opinion calls" for re
spect. Not so the agitator, about whom there is seldom
anything calling for condemnation. There should be no
place for him. The sooner labor recognizes this and does
away with him, the sooner labor's problems will be solved
aftd it's millenium entered. Jerome News.
of John Hopkins already has a base hospital unit with
300 members. An index of every student and alumnus is
being made, showing scientific knowledge, ability, amount
of time and kind of aid he can give his country.
Columbia University is doing the same thing in making
a personnel Index of students, graduates, faculty, mobil
izing the whole body of the University for service at any
time. The departments under which graduates and stu
dents are enrolling include medical, legal, technical,
economics and social service, home instruction and or
ganization, languages and military training.
Harvard Is devoting its energies chiefly to turning out
1,100 officers, and plannng to become a West Point in
case of war. The greatest need of our army is more
officers. The Harvard course will help to meet that
need.
Yale is training a large class of students for the mili
tary service.
College men always enlist eagerly when the country
calls. But their"service will be rendered much more
effective by the preparedness measures being taken by
institutions of learning throughout the country.
' BOOM STILL GROWING.
Our famous "barometer of business" continues rising.
The steel industry is overwhelmed. The United States
Steel Corporation reports unfilled orders aggregating
11,576,000 tons at the end of February, a gain of 102.600
tons during the month and a gain of 3,000 tons over the
same month of last year.
The orders keep piling up in the offices of all the steel
companies, in spite cf prices that ordinarily would be
quite prohibitive. As the Iron Trade Review says, "Sales
are being made more readily at the present wholly un
precedented levels than was the case when prices were
only fractionally as high.'
The demand is about equally strong and equally grow
ing for the foreign and domestic trade. Our furnaces and
mills, merely to turn out the product already ordered,
will have to run at capacity throughout the present year
and half through next year. Many mills are refusing to
guarantee delivery of certain products' before 1919.
Whether at peace or war, there's every indication that
business will keep on booming. J
COLLEGES AND PATRIOTISM.
Tiie colleges and universities of the country are show
ing a practical enthusiasm for preparedness and a Kiu
cere patriotism that are gratifying and encouraging. Not
only are they introducing military training into the curri
culum, but they are making their whole resources avail
able to the; government for any purpose whatsoever.
'John Hopkins University, recently announced that it is
at the absolute disposal of the United States government.
President Goodnow said: "Our laboratories and equip
ment, our hospitals ami every member of the faculty
are for our country's service, now in preparation for war,
no less than when war is declared." The medical school
BLOCKADED ROADS.
Says a North Dakota crop expert: '"There are thou
sands of bushels of potatoes in NcVth Dakota and north
western Minnesota which have not been brought in be
cause of blockaded country roads."
It's an old story. Is there a single important potato
raising district in the United States where the marketing
of the crop is not delayed or interfered with by bad
roads? The secretary of agriculture is authority for the
statement that there have been all along plenty of pota
toes in the country, and enough other foodstuffs to supply
all our legitimate needs. But it has been difficult to get
them to the cities. Railroad transportation has been
difficult, but the chief obstacle has been the lack of rural
transportation. Hence scarcity and high prices.
The value of good highways has never been fully ap
preciated in the United States. If it were, we should be
spending billions instead of millions to provide a net
work of good roads, dependable all the year, round, in
every state and in, every agricultural community. What
ever their cost, they mean more profit for the farmers
and lower prices for the city folk.
PROTECTING A FORT.
Fort Hamilton was built, armed and manned to defend
New York City. It stands guard over the metropolitan
harbor, ostensibly protecting the shipping and the ac
cumulated wealth of the biggest, richest city in the world.
It is supposed to be Impregnable and it ought to be.
The other evening, iu response to a rumor that the
fort was to be attacked by a band of German reservists,
300 members of the New York police force rushed to save
the stronghold and stood guard over it all night.
The German reservist story seems to have been a
hoax. But regardless of that, the incident! is probably
one of the most curious events in American history.
What's the matter with Fort Hamilton, anyhow? Is it
really unable to defend itself against any casual uprising
of men equipped only with small arms? Is it necessary
to protect our forts with policemen? Or is the joke on
the police? ,
SELLING POTATOES SHORT.
The farmers of southern Indiana are said to have tried
e typical Wall Street game with their potato crop. They
"sold short." When the price rose last fall to f 1.80 and
$2 a bushel, many of the farmers sold all the potatoes
they had, including those they would ordinarily have re
served for seed. They believed that when the bulk of
the northern crop was put on the market the price would
drop and they could easily get all the seed they wanted
for much less than their own crops brought.
Now they are facing the necessity of buying seed pota
toes at as high as $3.50 and 34 a bushel. And many of
them say they hesitate to plant any potatoes at all this
year, lest there should be a big production and they
should receive less for their crop than the seed cost.
i Farmers of various other sections have probably hd
a simlar experience. And it has been a salutary warning
to them. They can't be blamed for imitating the stoc'k
speculators, but it's always a perilous proceeding te
gamble in "futures."
STATE
HIGH
GRADE
Sheriff C. W. Powell and County
Prosecutor C. D. Borton of Glasgow,
Mont., left Wednesday from Phoenix
with David Poulinski in custody to re
turn him to Montana to stand trial for
the murder of a man named Johnson
in 1905 at Nashua, Mont. Poplinski
gave himself into the custody of the
oolice several days a to and admitted
that he was wanted. He confessed to
killing Johnson but said the act was
committed in self-defense.
TOO MUCH GOLD.
A hundred years ago the world's annual production ol
gold was about 37,500,000. By 1915 it Jiad risen to the
enormous figure of $488,000,000. Last year, despite the
interference of the war with the mining industry the
output was $478,000,000.
And the United States absorbed all that, and a great
deal more. Our total imports of gold iu 1916 were $6S5.
000,000. Financiers estimate that sin (I- the outbreak ot
the war we have received a total of $1,300,000,000 tt gold,
and have kept $1000,000,000 of it.
'This enormous Increase of the gold supply is a factoi
that should never be ignored in considering the rising
price of commodities. When gold Is the sole standard
by which other forms of, wealth are measured, the world
over, the general set of values naturally varies with teh
quantity of gold. The more gold there is, the more gold
or money it takes to buy other things. It would be the
same if we reckoned values in coonskins or tobacco or
walnuts or turnips.
And no doubt the excessive amount of gold iu this
country has bad its effect In making our prices, in com
parison with European prices, higher than the relative
scarcity of commodities , here would justify. .
A plentiful gold supply is fine' for national and cor-'
porate credit, but hard on the. consuming public. We
pay for it.
Germany is getting further and farther awuy from tin;
United States. Her lines appear to be going bark to
the Rhine .
At last the highway between Rodeo
and Lordsburg, New Mexico, will re
ceive some attention at the hands of
the people of Arizona's neighbor state
According to a bill which was passed
by the last state legislature and
which has been signed by the gover
nor a road between Elephant Butte
dam and Rodeo has been declared a
state highway and will be built and
maintained by the state authorities,
aided by the counties through which
it runs This road will make for bet
ter traveling over the borderland
route and will also put Lordsburg
back on the main line of the route as,
at the present time, most tourists go
through Hachita. The road that way
's no worse and the distance shorter
.o Deming and El Paso.
UNSHACKLED!
suiter) c
flip V
A merit system has been inaugurat
ed by the Chief of Police of Tucson
and no longer will virtue be Its own
reward. Beginning April 1, each of
ficer who leads the balance, in bona
fide arrests for any month, will have
ea initial of bis name inscribed in
old on his badge. Should he re
ei''e a nnmber of awards his entire
w win lit; bu yji;T-u Ull 1113 IUSI&-
nia. The bona fide arrests mean i
those on which, subsequently, there j
is a conviction.
Chinese Consul General T. K. Fotig i
of San Francisco, is a visitor in No- j
gales and will leave there for Hermo-
8illo to see Governor de la Huerta of ,
Sonora in an effort to induce that of-;
firial to rescind is recent order for
bidding Chinese inniigrnnts frcra en-'
tering the state. President Carrarza '
v8 ersnted the Chinese republic per
mission to take about 600 laborers
from Columbus, New Mexico, where
they came with the troons from the
stPte of Chihuahua, to the state ot '
?onora Tons is making every effort
to se that they reach their destina
tions Id parts of Sonora, Sinaloa and
Tepic, on the west coast of Mexico.
Complaint has been made to the po-;
'ire of Nopales by Z. Roberts, part j
-wner in the Stag cafe in that city, ,
-varein that his partner. Fred Zie- i
"er, has decamoed wirh a considera-1
Me portion of the 6rm's resources. It j
was stated that his" partner bad left, j
supposedly for Los Angeles, but had !
been located in Bisbee. It is said by j
he police that Zieger lavished money j
and attention on "Mary the Pippin," I
a mysterious Mexican senorita. No j
trace of her has been found in Nogal
es since the departure of Ziegler.
ttSm Ofc. - Jfrti-
ited te city Sunday in a hysterical
"ond'Moo and had informed the coun
ty offirinls tat the atrocious deed
was rehearsed each night at the same
hour by spectral actors. The county
office's to wom the account is said
to have been related, denied yester- j (titTTM.??
aay mat sucn a story nau oeen toia
them. When interviewed, Mrs. Mrek
also registered a most emphatic deni
!, and stated that she had been visit
n wjth friends on Sunday, and was
not in IGobe.
Arrested at Silverbelt, Pima Conn-j smelter, was brought to the Old Pueb-
i ty, with an automobile loaded with 'o a day or two ago by Deputy Sher-
1 1 liquor purchased in Tucson, it is al- Iff Louis Ezekiels and lodged in the
leceti. .irs. Maura fema, wnose nus-1 -ounty jail on a charge ot violating
i band is employed at the Silverbell the state prohibitory liquor law.
An investigation instituted several
days ago revealed the fact that a sto
ry printed in the previous issue of
the Arizona Record relative to the re-1
enactment of the murder of Frank
Rogic, who was slain in Ice House
canyon on the night of March 10, and
which was supposed to have been re
'ated by Mrs. Frank Mrek, is totally
without foundation. Mrek is In the
county jail charged with the crime.
Prom an apparent reliable source it
was reported that Mrs. Mrek had vis-
Producing mines in Arizona are be
ginning to send in their reports to the
state tax commission and it la ex
pected that all the reports will
be in by April 1. " The reports have
thirteen schedules, covering every
phase of the mining business. While
many other corporations are not re
quired to send in their reports until
later in the year, a number of them
have done so, including the telegraph
telephone and railroad compauies.
The tax commission expects to have
the reports checked and ready for the
several boards of supervisors before
summer. Non-producing mines do not
come under the jurisdiction of the tax
commission, but the reports coming
in show that since the last tax levy
fiere has been a large number of for
mer non-producers placed in the 'pro
ducing column.
gjmCCOUNT
t
You may do business with some other
local Bank why not open another ac
count and give us a portion of your
business? We extend you every court
esy. Come in and get acquainted.
Bank with us.
RASPUTIN BLAMED FOR FALL OF CZAR
n rt t . .A:yrtrt V.
: v v : : :
L
mm
With Money
hit 8 the wa wealth ha hern gained ever since the
-orld started
Every dollai you deposit at Our Savings Depart
ien is making money for you with the four per cent
ntMt;st which this bank allows
Get your savings account started and MAKE IT
GROW
Citizens Bank & Trust Company
Main Street Blsbs. Arizona
Will E. McKee, President C A. McDonald. Cashier.
O. W. Wolf, Assistant Cashier.
y'.t- MeswBBHBMaBaunBHKarvwnMBV. ' -a
Czar Nicholas and (irif.oi) i.;.pi.iii ii: e o.n-t tr liir weak mcnarcb
led to the luitcr's kut!l j.C I'.:. . t..i' im-rjcr.
, Close stUiicnts of Russian polit;:1 lc'a: e i!,;it the downfall of O.ar
icho!j. is (!uj principally to the 1 i-t l! at !: .v . nk-lely under lh
nllucine of lirt-fjoiy Raput'ii, the ivei i;"! ny.-tic. ulu in turn w t- umier
ontiol of the (it! man jrovsrnr.irNt. lU sputin was hum i.Vn-d a fow wecUs
ifo a:.! the new Russian trovemmer.t has already wixiunetl lH stjer!.
DOLLARS THAT GROW
All V. S.x dollars may look alike to some people
but there is a difference in the society they keep
f(r instance, idle dollars cannot grow whereas dol
lars iu the Bank are constantly increasing at in
terest. Give your dollars the right opportunity by start
ing an account with us.
4 Per Cent Interest Paid on Time Deposits. THE BISBEE, DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MARCH 25, 1917.
FIVI
111
IS HELD AS
With the arrest of E. C. Stono Fri- (
day night in Lowell, it is Believed that
ay nigm in Loweu, it is oeuevea lnaS
a long stride has been tax en in W:Tfr
MI5 U1C 111 V n I fl J ui 1 11 C ULai 11 HI nun;
Williams, a young cowboy, whose
body was found in a prospect hole near
the Thomas ranch Friday afternoon.
Although so far purely circumstan
tial, the facts that the sheritfs men
claim indicates that Stone was con
nected with the killing of Williams
are as follows:
After having worked on several
ranches in this part of the country'. :
Stone came to Bob Axtcll's place,
about 8 miles from Tombstone, three
weeks ago and entered the employ of
AxtelL " Williams was working for
Axtell at the time. A few days later
Axtell traded three horses to Wil
liams for a mare, and Williams and
Stone left the ranch headed for Bis
bee. Williams was not seen alive af
ter leaving the ranch. Several days
later the horses were brought into the
corral of the Brophy Carriage Com
pany at Lowell. Stone claimed that
he purchased the horses from Wil
liams. The sheriff's office is working
on the theory that Williams and
Stone quarreled after leaving the
ranch, and that Stone shot Williams, j
dragged the body to the prospect hole, i
threw it into the bottom and then j
evidently blasted about half a ton of
rock into the hole, with the intention
of preventing the body from being ,
discovered.
Officers Get Busy .
Immeditely after Williams' body
was found in the prospect hole about
three o'clock Friday afternoon offic
ials in Tombstone and Bisbee began
an investigation that developed in
startling fashion. Deputy Sheriff Red
Gannon and Bob Shelton and
Bert Polley drove to the
prospect hole, secured al lthe evi
dence and returned to this city. In
the meantime the Tombstone officials
had learned that Williams had been
seen with Stone. With but a meagre
description of Stone, the officers start
ed in search for him and landed their
man on the carnival grounds at Lowell
before midnight. N3tone was immedi
ately placed in the branch county jail
SHERIFF'S
iLTJTr. M.'iLi..
m m , Ira
M 222?
BLACK SAFETY .TREAD
Are Built to Last
Whatever the
car, Goodrich equips you with the hignezt
standard quality
standard cost
A big fabric tire gets
rich rubber making than the smallest tire.
Goodrich can mean but one quality;, the
best the oldest, largest and most experienced
rubber manufacturer can produce.
Goodrich means but. one price,, the low
est possible with highest quality conserved
phis a fair return on the Goodrich invest
ment, and fair profit to the deilr.
j . Moreover, the Goodrich Fair Treatment i
stands as stauncniy
large tire, and is just as ready to fulfijJ
any service the tire does r.ot
The smaller your car the more Goodrich
tires can do for you.
The B. F. Goodrich Company
AKRON, OHIO
- Also makers of the Celebrated Silvertown
Cord Tires
TEXTAN is a fibre scle
NOT rubber. It is water
proof, stub-proof, flexible,
matches your shoes per-
T fectly and outwears any
ft leather s?!c yua ever
wore. Ask ur ilcalcr.
WE
slain or
MURDER SUSPECT;
III WORK RAPIDLY
and taken to Tombstone yesterday
morning, .,
Judge M. C High impanelled
a cor
oner's jury yesterday morning which
went to the prospect hole and viewed
the body. With the forehed jammed
against one side of the hole, and
rocks from two sides blasted down
over it, only the head of the, body was
visible. Investigating further, the
sheriffs men found signs of a strug-
gle about a hundred yards distant and
farther away a charred mass that in
dicated that a pile of clothing and
some papers or books had been burn
ed. It is believed that Williams was j
shot in the right side of the head i
during the struggle, and that his body
was dragged or caried to the prospect
hole and disposed of. Then, it is
thought, the murderer took part of
Williams' clothing, his hat and some
personal belongings, carried them to
Dripping Springs canyon, where the
ashes were found, and burned them.
Arrested Last Week.
Stone, it is said, has remained j
silent since his arrest. He lias been
living in
Lowell for the last two i
weeks, was tried in Judge J. L. Win- I
ters' court on a charge of stealing j
a burro from a Mexican named Mar-1
tinez. When on the witness stand i
on his behalf. Stone stated that he I
had purchased the burro from an it-;
inerant Mexican near Tombstone. He ;
claimed that he had tied it to a iwhen they were ppersuaded to catcii
bronco, he was breaking in order to , a little sleep before "keeling over-'
handle' the horse easier. The burro ; from exhaustion. While Shelton, who
wandered away from him over the located Stone, worked on further clues
divide, he claimed, but he later found ' that connected Stcne with the affair,
it near Bisbee. The case was taken Gannon, Billy Brakefield - and Pol
under advisement by Judge Winters. 'ley visited Lowell and Don Luis
at the conclusion of the trial, and and recovered what is believed to
the following day the court dismissed ; have been the saddle owned by Wil
t hp rharce when Stone agreed to pay I Hams, the revolver that is said to
'Martinez five dollars for the burro,
There was not enough evidence at and oilier articles that are expected
the trial to warrant binding Stone : to play a big part in the case against
over on the charge. Stone.
The sheriffs office was notified i The bullet that killed lllianis en
last night of Stone's record at Low-! tered his head on the left side, slight
ell, but it is not as yet known ; ly below and behind the ear, and
whether his alleged adventures with j passed out under the left ear. Wil
hrono and burro over the divide ' Hams was about 24 or 25 years of
7ff .-iSmj
w ' Tfli
BIG or LITTLE
size of the tire on
of tires at the lowest
nothing more from Good
oenina a smai as a
the GOODHilid.ScIc
SELL GOODRICH TIRES
BISBEE AUTO CO.
(The Pioneer Garage)
Plans Under Way
For Spring Track
Meet Next Month
Warren District Y. M. C. A.
Will Invite Teams From
Lvery fart of State to Parti
cipate in Big Event
Harry McLaughlin, physical
director of the Y. M. C. A., is
making plans for the spring track
meet, which will be held at War- .
ren Park, April 29, under the aus
picies of the association. Ama
teur teams from any part of tne
state will be eligible to compete
in the event. Teams from tlie
Copper Queen and C. & A. coin- i
panies are expected to take an
active part in the meet. Gold,
silver ana uronze medals will be
awarded in each eyent, and many
of the local men who participat
ed in the meet last year are
training hard with the intention
of annexing some of the chest
decorations. The meet will be
under sanction of the A. A. A. V.
Entry blanks will be distributed
to the local mines, the two smelt
ers at Douglas and to the Tucson
Y. M. C. A.
The following events will be
staged at the meet: 100-yard dash;
220-yard dash; 440-yard dash; 8S0
yard dash; one mile run; two mile
run; running high Jump; running
broad jump; pole vault; shot put
and mile relay, (five men to a
team.)
nas any connection with the slaying
0f Williams.
Red Gannon, Pert Polley and Bob
shelton worked on the case almost
every minute, since hearing of the dis-
covery cf the body, until last night
have been the one carried by Stone
Tl
pew rr o,
your MHM". 1
- :.
mm
mm
m mi -
mi Mm
mi mm
Br-"Sii J Wbpn Yno Sc This Shr
Qj? Ak Vr Dtiler lor Tbc
i?
The n, F.
Goodrich
Company
AVron, Oliio
TT".TV
125 School Boys Concert
At Auditorium Is Big Hit
I ooeKepeated Wednesday
If there's any tliins iu the world
sweeter than young boys' voices,
suc h voices as were heard a hundred
and twenty five strong at the High
school auditorium yesterday, it, yet
has not been discovered. i
Trained through tedious weeks,
the director's clever little "urchins"
tore through a great big splendid pro
gram of music and dancing and burl
esqueing yesterday before more than
600 youngsters from all over the Dis
trict. The stunts were for raising funds
for a, grand piano for the high school.
The show will be repeated at the
auditorium Wednesday night at 8:15,
when grownups are expected to at
tend. Five distinct shows were staged,
each participated in half by boys, un
disguised, and half by boys in girls'
costumes and with all the graces and
darling inconsistencies generally at
tributed to the gentler sex.
Every one of them was costumed,
gorgeously, the tostuming represent -
ing hours of labor by the school teach -
ers, of the district, and fond mothers
who helped considerably.
The entertainment opened by a con
cert by the Vested lloy Choir, in full
robes, from the Warren School.- The
youngsters' vo'cts were immense.
They sang spcred songs the proces
sional recessional. The Holy City,
and chanted the Lord's Prayer. A
mere bit of a boy appeared in solo.
two others sang soprano and alto
riupt It was a fe:ist nf mtisic and the
youthful audience were "with"' the I
performers from the first.
The second nuir.bqr consisted pf j
Old Folks' Concert by the Greenway !
school. They were quaint old men
with beards and Prince Alberts and
dainty little old ladies in whoop
skirts, and young kiddies in panta
loons. All were boys. The women
nitted, ami the old men smoked and
meditated before the fire side, while
th? Young America of that age bob
bed around into as much mischief as
age. but th eauthorities have been
unable to find out where he formerly
lived or whether he is survived by
any relatives. The body is in charge
of the
here.
O. K. undertaking com puny
BROTHERLY LOVE IS
I
nrrnnrn Tn "iinTrn;
ntma iu liiuit
Robert and Thomas Campbell
Are Fined $25 in Lowell
Justice Court After Story of
Balky Gas Engine is Aired
A gasoline engine that refused to
tun, loans, payments, rocks, knives,
and brotherly love were mingled to
gether yesterday afternoon at the
trial in Lowell justice court of Rob
ert K. Campbell, charged by his j
brother, Thomas B. Campbell, with j
assault.
The testimony showed that Thom
as had purchased a gasoline engine
from Robert Campbell several months
ago, and that the motor failed to
nwitf u-hprtMinrin Thomas refused to
pay for it and Robert refused to take i
it back. Ater several near encount-;
ers, it was shown, the brothers met i
in a pool room at Lowell Thursday !
night, glared at each other and walk-1
ed out. Robert Campbell admitted j
that when his brother refused to talk ,
with him he followed him down the j
street and across the carnival grounds J
with a rock in one hand and a knife
in the other, which, he said, he only j
intended to use in sHT defense. Thorn-
as Campbell testified that after his
brother had followed he and a friend
across the carnival grounds, Robert '
Caniptell asked him If he "was go-1
ing out in the country."
Both brothers testified to practical-j
ly the same story of the encounter j
that followed. Thomas B. declared
that he walked slowly back to his j
brother, saw the kiiife and rock, and'
gratbed Robert K.'s arms. While t
fit niggling with him, Thomas declared ,
his brother jabbed the knife blade ;
into his neek. Robert Campbell ail- ;
milled that he had rubbed the blade j
against his broiiier's neck, claiming ho
did wo only to "tickle" him and let '
him know lie was not going to stand
for a thrashing, which he admitted his '
younger brother could probably ghe!
him.
After several loans and notes, con-.
necteil with the unfortunate gas t n-1
gine, hail been given through airing,
and both men expressed a desire to I
refrain from any further trouble, i
Judge j. L. Winters fined each i
and released them, warning them that
rocks and knives were not the prop
er symbol of brotherly love.'' A third
brother was called upon as a witness,
but managed to remain neutral during
the trial.
II icliest cash price paid for old gold
mid silver. Uiwell Jewelry Shop. Of
any modern youngster ever did. The
old fashioned songs they sang were
one of the biggest hits of the entire
show.
Then came the Minstrel Show, j
staged by the boys o the Central j
school. The way those end men I
manipulated the tambourines and i
"bones" would have done Justice to ,
the recent Y. M. C. A. minstrel it- j
self The big feature of the minstrel
show was the Ad-song, about differ- j
ent local merchants, put to the tune
of Solomon Levi j
The Indian Village, by the Lincoln
school, was one of the prettiest num
bers on the big bill. The curtain
opened on a scene of tepees with an
occasional stalwart brave and here j
and there a young love. The flute
sounded in the distance, as the day
dawned, setting the birds to rejoicing.
Squaws, papooses and grizzled old :
veterans of the war councils were
there. Tottery was made and baskets
unven r eht on l ie stage, ana ine
war dances of the red men soundei
, a realistic chant.
, 0ue of the pretuest of the songs
a ("adman melody. Cadman's
j pieces are supposed to be too much j
fnr Viddies. but it is not the tiUtD.
WmiiiMiiav nieht's audience will be
, .i. i....n.nn.. th nw.inriv
amazeu ai .-
these youngsters can put into the
piano.
Then came the Folk Songs and
Folk. Dances by the Lowed school,
jn , half as boys and half as girls. .in
heThe infinite grace winch ll.ss
Menu o " ";the most gratifying personal triumphs
long gangling boys decked out as Croadwav ha8 known.
petite Dutch and other girls, was at '
toy to the heart. First there came I As leading woman of tae Kay South
the'Xorwegian Mountain March, then ! ard Stock Company she went on a
the Hishland Fling, by two; then ! trip to Dawson. Alaska, p.aying en
they all sang and danced. A Dutch route at Katchkan, Skagway, Juno and
dance was next a clever thing, in-, then White Horse. The reperto.re.
terpreted in its
tl.minr.' feai nmoS
nature.
and vith
The'lmh Jig by all, followed. The
merican Folk dance, or two step.
was a hit, and the whole show wound
i up
then the cast burst into me
i strains ot tne siar oiiauns'
ner presilleli over by Uncle Sam and
j Mi8'g Coiun,bia from an exalted seat,
and costunied in the Red, White and
p.
- .. . . . c ....,! non-
The enure show was directed by
Miss Salli.- J. McCalV The face,
painting was by Principal K. Q. Sni
ri.r of the high school, and the cos-
I . ... u A i ffr.rt.nfr toflrhprS.
1 Th; ,U.J.'i. bettVr than ever ities as well as the citizenry of .Daw
j Wednesday night, at 8:15. "on.
The Studebaker Series " 1 8" car
is an evolution and perfected piece
of mechanism. That is why you
can FORGET many little things
about Studebaker that you have to
REMEMBER and care for on other
cars not so highly developed.
For instance; the cooling system
of the Studebaker car will work in
any climate, at any temperature,
providing you keep water in the ra
diator. The lubrication system of a Stu
debaker car will work unfailingly
in absolutely all conditions, if you
little distilled water is put in the
crank case occasionally.
The electric lights, arid the elec
tric starter will never fail you if a
little destilled water is put in the
battery from time to time.
You will not have to paint your
body frequently, to keep it looking
FOUR-CYLINDER MODELS
FOUR Chassit .- - - $ PSO
FOUR Roadster - - 985
FOUR Touring Car - - 933
FOUR Landau Roadster 1 150
FOUR Everv-Weather
Car
1135
All I'rl.cs F
t). It. Detroit
Schol Bonds Are
j V$&
SupL Philbrook Is Confident
that Bonds Will Be Sold at
Premium Without Any
Difficulty.
By a vote of S4 to 10, the Is
suance of $100,000 bonds for the
building and improvement of the
schools in the( Warren district
was authorized at the bond elec
tion held yesterday. As is usual
with school bond elections the
vote was light. Superintendent
of Schools C. F. Philbrook last
night expressed himself well pleas
ed with the result of the elec
tion. "We anticipate no trouble in
getting rid of the bond issue," he
said. "In fact, we are confident
that the bonds will be sold at a
premium and we hope to start
work on new schools and make
necessary improvements on old
ones within a very short time."
ACTRESS SNOWBOUND
IU WJNIHY ALASKA
From Dawson,
Alaska, to Broadway,
far cry. 'len years
I New York, is a
.
j ago Marjorle flambeau star of Tne
Greater Woman," which plays today
for the last time at the Orpheum. the
Mutual's latest picture, was a mem
ber of a small company of players
j ' wintpr jn ,n
j A,agka. t((day she ,ms 8CoreQ OIte of
I in w men variety a cn u owrmi
Ann" to "A Kiss in the Dark." with
j an occasional impromptu blackface
entertainment just to make things m-
i teresting.
I!y the time Dawson wa sreached the
company was forced to disband and
Miss Rambeau and her mother stock
ed up a cabin and stayed ten months.
They opened a dramatic and dancing
school, and put on one play after an
other at the Dawson Theater, which
seated 3.600. Miss Rambeau and her
mother were the only professionals in
these plays but the casts included sev
eral of the military and civil author-
THINGS YOU FORGET
nice, because tudebaker's finish
ing work is the sum of years of ex
perience. You won t have to renew the
leather on your cushions, because
experience has taught Studebaker
how to select and Duy the highest
- quality of leather.
You won't need to worry about
making a grade with a Studebaker
car, because the Studebaker motor
has been perfected into the most
powerful motor in the world in ra
tio to gasoline consumption.
Yon won't have to continually
worry about lubrication, about oil
and greasing parts of your car, be
cause every part is equipped with
ample capacity grease cups.
These are the things that make it
a delight to own and run a Stude
baker car, and cause you to say, "1
never have any trouble with it."
Bisbee Auto Co.
PHONE 5.
(The Pioneer Garage)
GAMBLERS PEEVED
AT INTERFERENCE OF
LOWELL OFFICERS
Many Proprietor of Poker
Games Arrested During
Last hew Weeks and Taken
Before Judge J. L. Winters.
John .Marken, arrested by Constable
Joel Houses Friday night, pleaded
guilty yesterday in Judge J. L. Win
ters' court, at Lowell, to a charge of
Having conducted a gambling game in
the Marx bouse and was lined $100.
Houges and Uiiiy lirakefield have raid
ed numeruus fcuiues in Lowell during
the last few weeks', and the few pro
lesiiiunal gamblers left in Lowell and
vicinity are reported to be anxious to
seek other climes where the officers
are not in the habit of distuibing tnjiu
so otten.
Fako Salo. also charged vmh ton-
I ducting a gambling game, has b-en
j granted a change of venue and hi
j case will be tried before Judge Win
) ters March 28. Slo was arrested in
: Bisbee by Ueputy Sheriff Red Can
l non. He entered a plea of not guilty
before Judge M. C. High in the local
justice court, and then asswd. throuth
his attorney, that the tase be tried
in some other court. The request as
granted.
FOX FLOWER BOX IS
: EXPENSIVE LUXURY
i
Property for "A Modern Cin
derella," Playing at Eagle,
j Was More Than Expensive.
That long, narrow, cut-flower box
used in "A Modern Cinderella," which
plays today at the Eagle, stands Wil
liam Fox in some $o0.
The original box was bought in Os
sining. N. Y., for ten cents. After be
ing us-d in a couple of scenes, an
over-zealous "clean-up woman" at th
Fox studio in Fort Lee, N. J.. threw
It away.
When the box was sought the n-xt
day it was gone. Harry A. Stillwell.
property man, rushrd to New York
but could not duplicate the box. The
difference in form or size would b
noticeably on the screen. So Stillwell
went to Ossining. forty miles from
New York in a taxi and got another
box. j
SIX-CYLINDER MODELS
SIX Chassis - - - $1150
SIX Roadster - - - 1250
SIX Touring Car - - 1260
SIX Landau Roadster 13SO
SIX Every-Weather Car 1450
SIX Touring Sedan - 100
SIX Coupe .... 1750
SIX Limousine - - - 2600
All I'riies F. O It IVtroit
ficial watch inspectors K. P. & S. W.
rt1i',p,,'id All ef'lsement T3
PHONE 5-
MAIN STREET
m SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MARCH 25, 1917.
Mining and Financial News
BY REVIEW LEASED WIRE
Sunnyside
Ttlluiide
Tom Reed
I'liiieil Kastern
fc'l'nited Northern
Vnited Western .
-Rails
I
! Anaconda
Amn Can
NEW YORK. March 24.
were the absorber features of to-
- i
dav's brief but vry active session, i
that division for fe most part adding j Amn, Car ...
to its belated adv.-fhce of the preceed- .Aran I.oco .
ing day. presumably on the pt-ofnccts j Amn Smelter
of higher freight and passenger rates, i Aicmsnn
!'ivinc congested ground coalers.
Reading. Norfolk and Western, 1-ehigb
Valley. Baltimore and Ohio, and Erie
pdvanclntr one to two noints. Cains
in other rails, notably St. Paul, North
Pacific. Southern Pr.cifici New York
Central. Chicaco and Northwestern, Il
linois Central. Colorado aril Southern
and the preferred shares fcf the Mis
souri Pacific. Wibasli an sotithem
roads attained similar proportions.
Vnited States Steel was variable.
The Beihhhem. shippinss and motors 1-ennecott
NEW YORK
I! & O
I'nldwiu
t' & O
C P & O ...
Can Pac
Cent Leather
Crucible
Distillers
Erie
Goodrich ....
Gen Motors .
Ind Alcohol .
vere moderately reariionarj'-
Marine
Coppers were in sUarty demand. The j -Marine l Id
Paldwin l ocomotive was strongest of i Maxwell
Tou.1 fries.. G.IO.fi.iO i -'X i-c-ira
jNt-w York Central
Northern Pacific .
the ecyjinmt i.t?
shares.
Actual reserves in own vaults and
federal reserve banks of local r-ankinr rwnsylvaniH
institutions decreased about ?20.0(M,- t Heading
f)00 durinsr the week, excess reserves T'P Steel .
deereasine by little more than $21.- Rubber
iaa rtAn nct ntiint rf f .? t i n t th Tirfr- ! tudebnker .
jons week's Rain.
Bonds were generally higher on an
expansion of dialings. .Total sales,
par value, J2.3S5.000. Vnited States
coupon 4's rose one half percent on
rail during the week, and coupon o's
declined one half per cent.
CH4CAGO GRAIN.
CHICAGO, March 24 Pis losses in
acreage as a result of winter killing
did much to 'hoist the value of wheat
today. The market, however, react
ed because of profit takin?, and in
the end was unsettled, nt the same as
yesterday's finish to 3J up. with May
1.90 to 1 91 and July l.3 to 1.63;.
Corn Rained i to 14. oats closed
off to 11-8 advance and provisions un
changed to 17 higher
Reports from eleven leading states
indicated that abandonment of winter
wheat acreage aggregated 4.SS3.0OO
acres, the heaviest total ever known
except once. This showing, with a
fresh flood of damage reports from
west of the Missouri river led to
unusually free buying. f
Aggressive buying made corn soar
to new hieh record prices of the ses
sion. Rumors of an Argentine em
bargo and the continued scarcity of
domestic rural offerings were prom
inent factors.
Oats rose with corn and wheat. v A
favorite theory was that oats were
relatively cheaper than other cereals.
Provisions derived strength from the
higher quotations on hogs and grain.
Lard and ribs touched the highest
prices jet this season.
Metals Market
NEW YORK, March 24 Par silver
71T. Copper quiet: electrolytic, spot
and nearby nominal, second quarter
33 at 35: third quarter 31 at 32M:
COLLINS
and
BRETHERTON
Specializing in
JEROME
AND
JACK BUILDING,
MAIN ST. PHONE 26
Steel
Steel Pfd
St. Paul
Southern Pacific
Union Pacific
I'nion Fruit '. 145
lT S M 52-!3
Westinghouse 52i
Red Ijion
Other Curbs.
Gadsden
Green Monster
Butte lyindon
Dundee
Venture Hill
Pitts-Jerome
Jerome Verde
Ark -Arizona
Jerome Portland
Ins-Needles
Hull Copper
Magma Chief
Wolv-Arizona
Miami Mother Lode
Verde Combination .
Miami Consolidated ....
Bisbee Copper
fSutte Arizona
Santa Cruz Bisbee
Jerome Daisy
Wairen
j Warren
i ... . ..
()t .Njcozan Lonsoiioareu ..
107ai ! Verde Apex
I Calumet Oil
l'-'lVt
593v.
103
117
11S
mu
143!fc
,S5
484
70
HI-.'
1 J "4
107 .
105 V.
S0"
n
1C6
95
71
20"
?.m
5G
119Ti.
127',',
47
9?M
92",
.09 .11 I
.20 j
2.15 2.20
4.65 4S5
.os
.03
.20
i
i
.2.50 I
2.00 2.06 ,
.21 .22
1.75 2.00
.11 .16
.75 .S7
1.94 2.00
.40 .45 1
.62 '
.19 .31 :
.30 .38
.44 .50
1.50 1.62 :
.50
.62 .87 '
.25 .30
1.25
.04
.27
.75
39.00
.42 I
.26
1
l
40
114
4
21
1
17V
18 '
1
BOSTON
Adventure 3
Allouez 66
Az Cornl 13
Alaska 8
Az Zinc 37
Butte 47
C & A 81
C fc H 555
C Range 64
Chino j. 58
E Butte 14 li
Granby 86
G Can 42
Joldfield 55
Hancock 17
Indiana - 3
Inspiration 61
Kennecott 47
Keweenaw 3
Lake 14
LaSalle 41i
Miami . 41
Mohawk .' Ss
.Mayflower ". . 2
Nevada 24 V
N Butte 23
Nip 8
Old Dominion 63
Orceola 93
Pond Creek 25
Quincy 88
Ray Consolidated 30
Shattuck 2S
Shannon 9
Sup & Boston 6
Tamarack 58
I'tah 112
Utah Consolidated . .
Winona
Argo
Adams
'Arizona Rex
Ariz-Tom R . . . :
Big Jim
Boundary Cone
Carter Gold
Pessenden
Gold Reed
Gold Cliff .!
jlvanhoe
Lucky Boy
j Merry Widow
1 O.i t man Combination
.05
.09
.05
1.13
.06
.03
.10
10
4
.14
.25
.10
1.13
.07
.05
.08
.10
.15
CURBS
Aik & Ari
Big Jim
Big I-edge
Butte & Ldn
Cal Jerome
Cornelia
Denn
Dundee
Emma 1 3-16
Fortuna ' 21
Gadsden 2
G Monster 2
Gold Reed - 5
Howe Sound 6
Hecla 7g
Hulr ' 30
Ins Needles 3-16
J Verde 1 15-16
J Victor 1
Magma Copper 47',i
Magma Chief 7-16
Miami Consolidated 27
Mons Chief
Pitts Jer
Ray Here 4
Santa Rita
Torn Reed 210
U Eastern 465
IT Western 2
Verde Extension .... . 39"i
Verde Combination
Warren, asked 39
Wol Arizona 1
White Caps 1 15-16
Austin Amazon 1 15-16
Wheat
May. 191, 191; July 161, 163.
Corn
May 115 , 116Vi; July 113. 114.
i Cotton
May 1S.95. 18.97-9S; July 18.87, 18.80
S2. BOSTON, March 24 Reflecting the
upward whirl in the New York list
the local market developed an im
proved tone in today's session with
moderate activity in specialties.
Range advanced to 65 on quite large
transactions and should sell very much
higher. At present earnings are about
$17 a share per annum; cost under
ten cents a pound. Prices should ad
vance further next week.
Activity has been resumed n the
Roumanian frontier where German
troops have stormed the Russion posi
tions between the Solyomtar and Czo
banos valleys and have taken 500 pri
soners. Between the Silcha and
Chvanich . rivers, the Russians have
withdrawn about two thirds of a mile
under German pressure.
The fighting between lakes Orlitidi'
and Presha on the Macedonian front
near Monastlr is reported concluded
for the present, with Teutonic forcos
still in possession of dominating
heights north and west of the Monastit
basin which Is said to have been the
object of the French attacks.
The Russian advance toward the
Masopotamian border continues a;id
and the capture of the Persian town
of Kerind 40 miles from the border,
was announced Saturday.
General Letchisky, who was In com
mand of the Southern winr or
Russian armies in General Brussiloff's
offensive last summer, has been placed
in command oftlie Russian artiiies on
the central front, succeeding General
Evert. j
Brand Whitlock, the American min
ister, and the American relief workers
in Belgium have been withdrawn and
will be replaced as far .as possible by
a joint neutral commission supervised
principally by Dutch military officials.
. Vv
; "W. Ts.-agr-.rx.'g
ti - . w T
3 PRICES U
F. O. B. hrut 3rnch or Dtttributcr M
.-r.-au.C. O. l. h
Tj? ,VAV v' .vVivyv .v"- ,vvj-wf w-ryvs ;
.?:-:v .-7'
v ' ! ;f-i ( ?. -
PI AIM iVC
S-.ZK T.'!-.D Cl
Ml.' ' SUM
M.'3 17.54
...'ii'i K..70 ro.'m
- x st. :yn
.i.:4 2J.I1 ZieO
ii4 25.';o IV so
-x4'i y.ii
.JV, 34.70 ::-?5
i4;i 3V5 .".!
;7 x 5 40.O
A ". ;i.sjr.en' o bis": c T '.'
i.'.S
CJ0
''Hcr.p Li?; ml'-rae" at no reter cost
than lor ordinary, low-milca-c t.res
that's t!? Sv.-rP idea of valu
And Ll'.tro's no guess'-vork about the
pucs-y-u always know that yen will
NATIVE FOREST OF RUBBER
Very Few People Know That .The
Common Ocotillo Contains
15 Per Cent Rubber
Prof. J. p. Crawford, a rubber
chemist after three and a half years
of careful research work is now pre
senting to the people of Bisbee an
opportunity to cooperate with him and
make Arizona one of the largest pro
ducers of crude rubber in the world.
H. E. Shruni, one of the directors
of the company, will .be at Mr. Sasse
Candy Store Monday and Tuesday!,
with samples of rubbers made from
Ocotillo and would be plesed to meet
those who are interested and explain
the proposition. Adv. 154
ANOTHER GOTHAM GIRL
ENLISTS IN U. S. NAVV j
NEW YORK, Mar. 24. .Miss Eliza
beth Harry of this city was enlisted
in the United States navy today with '
a third class yeoman's rating. Mis
Harry is a stenographer.
SONORA leOOPS APE
10
Effect of the
COPPER FAMINE
COPPER STOCKS
A comprehensive tabulation of
production, earnings, dividends and
prospects of the leading copper
stocks is contained in our analyti
cal report just issued.
Sent cn request for Report.
HUGHES & DIER
Members Philadelphia Stock Ex
change; Chicago Board of Trade.
1435 Walnut St. .115 Broadway
PHILADELPHIA NEW YORK
THE CORPORATION SERVICE COMPANY
121 So Central Ave. Phoenix, Arizona.
We specialize In Incorporating, Organizing and
Corporate Auditing and Supervise Meetings of Stock
holders and Directors of Corporations.
Write for Booklet "System and the Corporation."
P. O. Box 277R, Phoenix, Arizona.
DOUGLAS. Mar. 24. One hundred
and fifty soldiers left Agua Prieta to
1" Iffuy for Cananea. It was reported in
10 ! Agua Prieta that 300 had been sent
lfl!by special train to Crtn.?nea from
' Negates. Senora. cause was u:i-
l;no-n. although ther, was i rumor of
troii1)!'.: there.
There have been reports of hands of
Legalitas crossing ?h? border near
here and around Xnco. Each hand
,'inpears to N- ac'ing under separate
If .idership. each en-.iireii , in ra ding
vano'ies, it was report -d today.
j Mexican govern cjii t quarters ad
mitted that the iorci-4 of Colonel Fran
r Reyna, recJH'.'v defeated In he
!.! a' district by Genet;.! Arnulfo Gom
c ncrely had divided and still weiv
A v, much dar.ir,' Mexican H-crel
;sr; "rn. men hav be:i: active :i Ari-
; trying to oo ! '. the rew nicve
n. . : ith Leca.i- '.r juntas in Tncsup
;ar Yuma, allel to he h a ) d ly
0'val River.i ind Tomas iJoa-
'. jicans say e xdum of information
Nl.l'ilg 011 tlli Q'lefti-ill l.:IS been
given the United States officers.
K n . C 'J
We offer :
j IfoyafAIade to-JlIcasiae
Suits and Overcoats
at
$i6,$I7,$20,$25,
It
THE OFFICE STORE
. Mens Furnishings
Main Street
(The Store With a Conscience)
Jill
p -. y" , 'a
i'.tj ct-altr has l'..c ss'-
. cost rrl'c i'.rz
r Z .. .. ' ..I:-wO. .
f t 1
X.
i
t -
i'.? mm
WESTERN VULCANIZING SHOP
Johnson Addition
. - . - ARIZONA
LOWELL,
iS The only lotxs that hav rrsph-
its vuicinue-i into the surfecc.
I'revcr.; t tle'.ei .oration, iii-lc.r.f.
A Iricticniniiheatir.K. Mkekiop
S'cr.cur.r.ecesiiry. I. ?- V.-
Si IT, t-M
3
l a v
i tu i .. ;
i
l 'J , J
MM
Hi!
AT LYRIC THEATRE!
That very fine artist, Mr. Holbrook
Elinn, is tht central figure of the
World Film Corporation's forthcom
ing release "The Family Cupboard."
based on the successful Brady stage
play of the same name.
Mr. Blinn plays the part of a busi
ness man who, tired of the rigidity
of his home life, seeks diversion in
the society of a young vaudeville art
ist, who is the ijtieen of a slightly dis
reputable Bohemian set. Nelson, the
girl's admirer, is detected by his fam
ily in the liaison and then the girl
transfers her attentions to the busi
ness man's son, who is on the point
of marrying the young lady. fihe.
'however, incriminates h?rself by re-
M-aling the existence of "anoihiT : Famil
man" to the foolish hoy. V.lu n fu-'her ' hare.
and son discover that they art bo!ii
dallying with the same woman. tK.e
is a general clearinn up of an impos
sible situation. Mr. Nelson's wif :b-
Cupboaid" in iu'ir fcrnis
A v ry powerful Ptorv' l-cttn f,iv
en a powerful cat. wl.ivli irnlad.."
M'-s Frances NeWoi;.
"The Family Cupboard" will i e
jures.ber MKieiv ways and bin-cues t shov.n at the Lyric Theatre t-day. A
domesticated; the boy repents; and comedy Mutt & Jeff car'oou v;ii' a'io
the skeletons are destroyed, "The : be shown.
Warren District Lyceum Course
Lecture by John Kendriok Oangs
TUESDAY, MARCH 27,
At High School Auditoriur-i, 8:15
ADMISSION - - - - 50 CENTS
HFATWITFf
f-3 ,r V
THE LITTLE: PORTABLE GAS HEATER ENABLES YOU
TO QUICKLY CONVERT THE COLDEST ROOM IN
YOUR HOUSE TO WARMTH AND CHEER IT GIVES
Correspondent E. F. Huttan & Co., Members New York Stock Exchange
R. Allyn Lewis
Box 279 COPPER QUEEN HOTEL Tel. 135
BONDS, STOCKS, GRAIN, COTTON
PHOENIX, GLOBE, JEROME, PRESCOTT, . BISBEE
Order Executed for Cah or on Proper Margin
E. F. Hutton & Co.'t Private Leaced Wire to All Exchanges
BASEBALL RESULTS.
At Dallas
Detroit Americans. 4.
Dallas, Tex. League, 0.
At Little Rock
Cincinnati, Nationals, 4.
Little Rock, Southern Assn., 0.
At Houston
Chicago Americans, 7.
Houston. Texas league, 3.
At Memphis
Washiongton Americans, 7.
Memphis Southern Assn., 1.
At New Orleans ,
Cleveland Americans. 6.
New Orleans. Southern Assn.,
At San Antonio
New York, Nationals, 6.
San Antonio, Texas league, 2.
ATHLETICS, 8; BRAVES, 5.
At Miami. Fla.
Philadelphia (A I 8 9 i
Boston (N) 5 9 5
Myers, Nabers, Bush and Schang,
Allen and Tragretsor, Rico,
Comfort
f WHERE YOU WANT IT
WHEN YOU WANT IT
:
A- .
t 1
LIGHTS AT THE FLASH OF A MATCH CONNECTS
BY A FLEXIBLE METALLIC TUBE AND CAN IJE
EASILY MOVED FROM ONE ROOM TO ANOTHER.
t'RsUABIE
QUICK
CLEAN
SAFE
Prices $2.75 to $7.00
E IMPROVEMENT 00. V
SEVEN
THE BIS BEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MARCH 25, 1917.
Review Want Ads
Advertisements xmCsr thai iead
' issue with a minimum chary of 25
Oeview office not later than 4 p. m.
Wanted
WANTED Waitress, Stag Club. 151
WANTED Bell boy Copper Queen
HoteL 312
WANTED Tailoress. Millard & Bate
man, Allen Block. 155'
WANTED Boarders, Mrs. C. R. Kirk
64 Jiggerville. - 583
WANTED Maid for general house
work, 21 Quality Hill. 382
WANTED Experienced
French Kitchen.
waiter
at
118
WANTED First class woman mark
er and distributor. Queen Laun
dry. " ' 152
WANTED American lady who can
speak Spanish. Racket Store, Brew-
ery Gulch. 15
WANTED One or two gentlemen for
nicely furnished front room. Mc
Connolly. 108 School Hill. 77
WANTED Three, lady solicitors, two
to ten dollars a day. Inquire Guar
antee Paint Co., after five evenings.
229
WANTED Girl for general house
work. Apply Mrs. E. Marks, 27
Tank Hill. S36
WANTED Woman to do family
washing, 'come ready for work.
153B Temby Ave., up stairs. . 711
WANTED Woman for general house
work and attend to children. Ap
ply W. A. Gallagher, Don Luis. 130
BOOKKEEPER desires small set of
books for evenings. Install system,
get out trial " balance statements,
etc. Beet local credentials. P. O.
Box 1684. Bisbee. 129
WANTED TO RENT A four or five
room house. Care Review. K. U. 143
FOR RENT Furnished front room for
1 or 2 gentlemen. 155 3, Tenby Ave.
144
WANTED Responsible parties wish
to get in touch with property own
er who will erect building about
40 by 100 'with basement for their
occupancy. Location on Naco Road
preferred, but 'will consider any oth
er location. P. O. Box 3157, Low-
ell.
134
!
WANTED Stock salesmen for tha
best mining proposition in Arizona,
backed by big publicity campaign.
Exclusive territory, leads furnished,
liberal commissions. For particu-'
lars address Room No. 9, Chamber
of Commerce Bldg., Phoenix, Ari
zona. . 746
Furnished Rooms
FOR RENT Rooms in Rock House,
South Bisbee. 74
FOR RENT Nicely furnished front
room, 108 School Hill. 76
FOR RENT 3 furnished housekeep
ing rooms, 56 Upper Lowell. 70
FOR RENT Furnished or unfurnish
i ed rooms. No. 145B Opera Drive. 36
FOR RENT One furnished house
keeping room, 85 Main Street, Cot
tage home. 233
FOR RENT Large room for two men
with sleeping porch. 101 Higgins
Hill. 545
FOR RENT Cabin furnished for
batching. 176 Naco Road, Holbrook
stop. 69
FOR RENT Two inside office rooms
' in Lyric Building. Apply New Ly
ric Theatre. 131
FOR RENT 3 room house 207 High
Road, Srhool Hill, partly furnished.
P. J. McCullough. 88
FOR RENT Two housekeeping
rooms 16 Tate Hill, Johnson Addi
tion. No children. 43
FOR RENT Furnished room tor one
gentleman, 21 Tate Hill. Phone 237
51
FOR RENT Furnished room for
gentlemen, 218 High Road School
Hill. Anna Murphy. 116
FOR RENT Furnished room, suit
able for one or two gentlemen. 6,
Quality Hill. Mitchell. 148
PETEY DINK Looks Like He
, , 1 ; p .
A-OH ptv 1 - WoThiu'
I PffAE. NV.MT Voim-.Th,s,
GoiH& Too- fVAi AT PlWE-S
y yTMopsT awd ) 1
' ' - 9
r iij.
at the rate of 1 cent per word for each
cents. Advertisements must reach Th
for Insertion in tea sett morning paper
, A. D. F., care Review. 39
FOR RENT 10 room house in John
son Addition, 27 Johnson Ave. Also
I furniture for sale. 87
FOR RENT Two furnished house
I keeping rooms and sleeping porch.
Reasonable rent; for particulars ad
dress Box G. B., Review office. 146
FOR RENT 4 room unfurnished
house. Rear Soda Works. Mrs. R.
P. Conley. 156
For Sale.
FOR SALE 5 passenger Cole car. In-;
quire Cochise Motor Co. 741 '
TOR SALE at a bargain, 80 acre
ranch near Douglas. Call Mexican
Club O. K. Street 133
FOR SALE Scale and cash register
can be seen at standard Furniture
Co 35
FOR SALE Six room bouse, also one
lot easy payments, Cochise, below
Cochise Lumber Co. Box 1781. - $
FOR SALE One pen of homer and
one of carneaux pigeons, at any
price. Address Harry Fisher, Don
Luis. ' 578
"OR RALE Highest cash prices paid
for second hand furniture, stoves,
clothing and tools. Uncle Jim's.
Brewery Gulch. . Zl
FOR SALE Oldsmoblle roadster, ex
cellent condition, electric light and
starter. Must be sold at once. Cap
tain Mashir, Naco, Arizona. Phone
801-F13. 562
FOR SALE Cheap, new modern 5
room house and bath, easy terms, on
car line. Tombstone Canyon. Ap
ply A. G. Ascher, Mason Ave. car
stop; yellow house. ' 117
"FOR SALE 130-acre ranch with wat- j
er right in the mountains of ' Co- j
chise Co., 3 miles from a store, post- j
office and school. An ideal location I
for a cattle, sheep, goat or fruit
ranch. Fine soil and permanent
water. Address N. R., care of Re
view. loO
i
BEAUTIFUL SEASHORE
HOME-1
sites only ?20. Special sale lots
at Alamo Beach, Texas, famous
Bayshore resort First 100 lots $20.
Terms, $1 cash, f 1 monthly. Lots
50x140 feet. Splendid investment.
Write for free literature and views. ;
Alamo Beach Company, 441 First
National Bank, Houston, Texas. 93 j
I fRN'Tl'F! K KOR SALB The -John 1
on Addition Furniture Co wants
to pay you the highest cash prices i
for your second htuid furniture. AI-!
so wants to trade or exchange you 1
new furniture for your old. We will
oil you furniture cheaper than j
mybody on easy payments. Call '
in at the big brick building at the
Johnson Addition and let us show
you our large and selected stock of
bouse furnlsnings. or phone us st
our store. Phone 3S5. Johnson Ad
dition Positions Wanted
WANTED Position by experienced
young lady stenographer. Address
PROFESSIONAL CARDS '
i B. WHITNEY, Lawyer, Rooms E-6
Allen Block. Ope-j evenings, Phone
rj MAlk
Dressmaking and ladies tailoring. 37 j and jewelry; diamond setting, engrav
Laundry Hill, Metz car 3top Mrs. Ing and general repairing. Minton,
McDougall. 545 I the poBtoffice jeweler. Lowell.
Advertisement 343
Dressmaking and ladies tailoring, j -
37 Laundry Hill, Metz car stop. Mrs.
McDougall, late assistant to Mrs.
Pearl Cook. Advertisement 539
CLAIRVOYANTS
Mrs. Anthony, spiritual medium, now
located at Room 3 Foster Block,
Johnson Addition. Readings daily
circle Thursday 7:30 p. re.
739 !
HE MOOSE HOTEL (Old Kinney j
House) Furnished rooms $2 per j
week and up, with gas; also light j
housekeeping rooms. 178 j
J. McCullough, contractor. Phone
20. Box 934. Excavating, retain
ing walls, concrete houses, wells j
and mining work Is my specialty. ,
221'
Changed His Mind About It
CAm T
0U
, j
Miscellaneous
FOR SALE 200 shares of Great Ray
at 40 cents. G. B.. Review. 159
Learn actual auto repairing, book
keeping, suorthand. radio, engineer
ing. Y. M. C. A, Los Angeles. Cat
alogs tree. S56
DROP A CARD to the Guarantee
Paint & Wall Paper Co. for all
kinds of work in our line. Pat Clea
ry, manager. Box 1495. Phone 720.
$50,000 to loan on Improved city prop
erty or for building, on easy terms
of payment. T. A. Hughes, over
Bank of Bisbee.. 697
Good property will lease for year
Good ore in sight. Good times. Ad
dress Miss Lea, 368 Willcox, Ariz.
776
FOR SALE Lockle House, School
Hill. Terms. Apply R. T. Lockle.
1011 East Boulevard, El Past), Tex
(434)
Cox Co. loans to to $50 without secur
ity to men or women. In permanent
positions. - No honest wage earner
refused, easiest weekly or monthly
payments, cheapest rates, also loans
on furniture, pianos, etc. Confiden
tial, quick service. See us if you
need money. Mubeira Bldg., Phone
794, in with tailoring company. 795
LETTER for Mrs. Florence Sanders,
opened by mistake by Miss Florence
Sanders, at Gardner Shaft, will' be
returned to P. O. Sunday evening;
. 147
Burns oxygen gas, 96 percent oxygen,
4 percent coal oil vapor. Demon
strations at Pythian Castle, O. K.
St., with the Bisbee Furniture Co.
J. J. O'Loughlin 3ales agent, Bisbee
and Druglas. Phone 341. 511
LOST
LOST A gold watch, some place be
tween end of car line and Johnson
Addition. Reward for return to Re-
V "
LOST A black pillow muff; return
to Miss B. L. Holman. postoffice
.dept and receive reward. 157
LOST Bunch of three keys on oval
ring, with Ford key; return to Re
view and get a dollar. 158
LOST Somewhere on Naco, Road or
Main street, between Lowell and
Elks Club, two onions. Finder will
be liberally rewarded if returned to I to kill her., but much to his astonLsh
Harry Sealey's Cigar stand, Lowell, j met he found Miss Bars stalling tn
14 ; the highest rhair sc overcome with
FOUND
have same by calling at this off ice .
and paying for this ad. 90 ,
Sal
esmen
HERE is an article with real murit
that will put you on easy street in j
a hurry; needed in every home, of-.
fice and factory; 100 per cent profit; !
don't miss this opportunity; send
for particulers. Millinway Co., r
045 S. Fremont Los Angeles, Cal. !
9
1 SALESMAN, experienced any line for
! unexcelled new specialty proposition
I to general trade; splendid commis
sion contract for Arizona, vacan
cy April 2nd; $25.00 weekly for ex
penses. Continental Jewelry Co.,
711 Continental Bldg., Cleveland.
Ohio. 91
Bargain
Siale
The Home Industry Furniture
Store, Home Industry Lodging
House and Barber Shop, will all be
sold for Cash at a sacrifice. Great
money maker. Owing to Owner's
ill health, obliged to leave the
Camp. Would accept a good auto
moble If reasonable. Inquire
HOME INDUSTRY FURNITURE
STORE. LOWELL.
Opposite Bank of Lowell.
;oik.j 1 your wwi w
VlOMEM 'TOUKIO TODAM GOH-
SWFAR ThEV TARe ALL JAV J
GAME MoT FOfi Me -'
.5
r w
mm
1
Star Theati
Continuous From 1 to 10 P. M.
NEW CHAIRS
SUNDAY'S PROGRAM
"The Whispered Name"
2 Reel Drama
"Mines and Matrimony"
1 Reel Comedy
"The Wrong Mary
Wright"
1 , Reel Drama
Admission - - - 5c
THEDA BARA FEARS
"The Darling of Paris? is Fea
ture With Theda Bara at
the Eagle Monday and Tues
day. ;
Miss Theda Bara, the popular star
of the Fox photoplays, is supposed to
be a girl of great boldness a vsin
plre, a vixen, and many other things
equally unpleasant She is often un
derstood as being hard-hearted, Ciuel,
selfish, not afraid of anyihinn a
partner of Satan, as if were. 1
A few days ago. while engaged in
the production of "The Darling of Par
is," which plays Monday and Tuesday
at the Eagle in conjunction with
"Patria," she discovered a mouse n
her dressing room at the Fox studios
at Fort Lee. The moment her ryes
got a glimpse of the iutruder she
screamed at the top of her voice, call
ing for help. Herbert Heyes, a Iio was
in the adjoining room, heard her call,
and went immediately to her rescue
He thought someone mishr ne fyins
lear that she was almost speclili'ss.
I She pointed to a box in which there
j were sweets. Mr. Heyes overturned
I it Hriil nut innined ihft -mouse. fhp
wag nltovbd ,., rt.s.
cuer tnrew tne w.ee bk cf a rodent
through the window into the grounls.
! Is this not convincing evidence that
Miss Bara is not unlike other women?
E
AS WAR MEASURE
(Continued From Page One)
as nearly as practicable agriculturally
independent. This is good policy in
time of peace and would be a vitally
important policy in time of war, when
our transportation systems necessar
ily would be occupied chiefly with j
the transportation of soldiers and war ;'
supplies.
"In view of the apparent world w heat
shortage anfi present and prospective
high prices in. those paits of the
'.-ountry where spring wheat at nor
mal prices is as profitable or almost
as. profitable as oats, farmers would
do well to seed a part at least of
ineir normal oats acreage 10 -spring
wheat. In case of war few things
would be more important than that
the United States should have on band
a large surplus of wheat with w hich to
feed its allies.
"It is the patriotic
l it utj . uin uim nun ai' nil ran iw
transform his or her yard, or some
yard, or some
nearbv vacant lot into a garden, each
tequare foot of which will grow two or
, ... , . . ,
possibly three crops during the com-
ing summer.
"Moreover, the small farmer and his
family owe it to their country' as well
las to themselves to raise at least 100
chickens, to keep one cow or more, at
y.
1 -
MSI
If
NEW MUSIC
Monday's Program
"The Bad Man of
Cheyenne"
2 Reel Bison Drama
"MIDNIGHT' '
1 Reel Imp Drama
'Mr. Fuller Pep Cele
brates His Wedding
Anniversary"
1 Reel Comedy
least one sheep for home consumption
and perhaps a little bunch of sheep.
"The cheapest, most profitable, and
quickest known means of increasing
general production is by the exercise
of lime. There are few sections in
the United States without some local
supply of limestone, marl, or oyster
shells. "If every farmer in the country
would apply from two to four tens ot
crushed limestone per acre to all his
sour land, our national supply of
oreadstuffs tiiis year would be aug
ment by a surprising number of mil
lion bushels."
1 Remedy
Enormous
f Stomach
; J' Stfgb Dose.
ii'j!e causes .t
p.ihrH'ia. anil i;hen ri-
ii. a,
C.all ?t ;:ir s. Vcilon- Jaundice. Ac :t j
a:.il (."..:. iiic IiHiicstion, Auio-in.o::i-r:ii.:.n.
C:.s I ressute. K. ar of Iut.U
i)is-(;!j:, .'::i!' -T and Ult-cis of t!
SU ;:ch Intestines, t il-., eic. Oif
iloe of M:'yr's Wonderful Remedy
has proven successful in thousands of
cases of Stomach Trouble. This ex
plains its enormous .sale. Has been
taken and is recommended by physi
cians. Justice of the Supreme Court,
Congressmen, Lawyers, Nurses, Min
isters, Farmers. Educators. Mechan
! ics probably your own neighbor.
Many owe their lives to Mayr's Won
derful Remedy. Thousands say it has
saved them from the knife. Contains
no alcohol or habit-forming drugs
FREE booklet on Stomach Ailments.
' Atldress Geo. H. Mayr, Mfg. Chemist,
Chicago. Better yet obtain a bottle
of Mayr's Wonderful Remedy from
Bisbee Drug Co .-puny, or any relia
ble druggist, who will refund your
money if it fails. Advertisement.
LINCOLN LEAGUERS
OPEN PRACTICE MONDAY
LINCOLN. Neb., Mar. 24. Manager
Ducky Holmes of the Lincoln club of
the Western baseball league will be
gin spring practice here Monday.
With one of the smallest squads in
! the league, but including seven of last
! year's team. Holmes expects to de
1 vclop a team to equal last year's.
i t r: i vi
8 a
Rheumatism Should Be Izzpl h The Bud
TfVoiimatism in its earlv stacres may with Uric Acid, which, if not eradi-
. , ' telude you into believing" that it is a ' cated, will contaminate? your entire
duty of every disease0; a purely local and tempo-1 system. The results will be racking
an who can to rary natUre. Beyond a slight numb- pains in the joints, muscles and limbs,
.
nPcs of the" limbs and pains in the :
i,ess 0f the limbs ana pains in mc
Joints or back; there may be no out-
ward indications of it, but if yov do
not heed these warnings, or if vov.
liniments to eS yoo, it will
rrnw ranirilv worse until you have
Rheumatism in its most violent form
These symptoms, mild in the bemn-
uing but growing steauiiy worse, in.ii-
cate tnav your uioou w liujucb01
- iKCHt .v. K".
i'm a capv
1 v ,
..Lodge
WEEK ENDING
MARCH 31
Monday 4
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday
Friday
Saturday
N. C. BLEDSOE. W. M. '
B. T. WATKINS. Secy. F. 4 A. M
A. M. COLWELL, E. H. P.
C. F. PHILBROOK. T. I. M. I
J E. FRY, E. C. !
F S. DAVENPORT. Secretary Chapter i
and Comnumdery. I
W R. BANKS. Secretary Council.
WOODMEN CIRCLE. I
I .Meets in Medigovlch Hall 2nd anl
4th Fridays of each month.
' HATTIE A. LUKjS, Guardian.
PAULINE F. BROWN, Clerk '
P. O. Box 621.
BISBEE LODGE, NO. 718.
Meets every Triday niriit. Moose Hall
Visiting brothers cordially invited.
J. V. PETTEY, Dictator.
KAY ROSS, Secretary
iMKHOVED ORDER RED MEN.
Meets first and third
Thursdays at 7:30 p. m
in Vedlrovic-h Hall. All
vi.sitirv 'ltd Men invited
to attiiiQ.
jo
XI.Y. S:n ii! 1:1.
. IX COH!-:.v. Mciiiine Mai
r;::.Ni)c;novOC, c. of r.'
ER OF EASTERN STAR,
meets in Masonic Hal
Pearl Chapter, No. 6, meet
in Masonic Hall second anc
fourth TnesJay of eac'
month at 7:30 p. m.
MRS. ANNA C. RICHARDS. W. M
Phone o0. V. O. Box 841, Bisbe.
Mi;S J.:SL Ci.YA.V Sec y. P. O. B.
229a, huirinun Relief Com. Phone 64"
11 YEAR-CLO COLORADOAN
BJRiED IN TOY CAVE
C(H.( RATO STRINGS. Mir. 24.
Rir"":T U. !1 yerfr.' o!;I, was kill
ed la" -this a i ru ion v;hen he was
b ii r U i!
Uii!ir:ny
(;ni-.-.t
r"s, u. .1
r.i;'I r ;
cuieJ.
y u lull cf .-iatiil white he was
d . :.vt . Tkii ot'u r boys were
n !' s!i '." cf iijad, tut were
TV.f t'i'irit bey was buried
: j n-' t c: s:.iul and suffo-
WILSON TO SUBMIT
If
(Continued From Page One)
mittee of the council for considera
tion. Returning congressional leaders
have begun to lay their plans for
whatever the president many recom
mend at the extra session and today
Chairman Kitchin called the house
ways and means committee to meet
next Wednesday. While the primary
purpose is to consider organization
matters, the government's fiscal sit
uation is sure to be discussed. Mem
bers are talking among themselves of
a hue government credit to the Al-li-s,
hut any action to that end will
await the president's announcement
of his program.
On Monday representatives Flood of
Virginia. Ragsdall. of South Carolina
and Harrison of Mississippi, members
of the foreiia affairs committee, wili
confer wiih Secretary Lau.sing. The
spciiic question to be discussed has
not been re eaR'd.
chronic stomach troubles ,and a slug-
enrome siomat
gish liver.
Ihe , on y relief is in tjestoration
of the blood to its normal, vigorous
condition, which can be accomplished
by taking S. S. S., the unfailing-
remedy for rheumatic troubles. Our
'Medical Department is at xne oipos
ci au users ri c ; Jt""-
vv., cv-j rti.. .-..-. 4,, -
F. V
,: . : N N a mM;
1 u ' i --'-N 'VrirS;-
Notices...
LODGE NO. 671.
Regular meeting first and third Fri
day of each month. Visiting brothers
tuiuiaiiy invited to attend.
CHARLES S. BEAR. Exalted Ruler.
R. B. COOVER, Secretary.
BISBEE LODGE, No. 10, L O. O. F.
Meets every
WEDNESDAY
evening at Odd
Fellows Hall.
Main street at 7:00 p. m. Visiting
brothers cordially invited to attend.
Hall phone 119.
CARL V. NELSON, N. G.
G. A. PLUNKETT, Secretary.
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OR AMERICA.
DREADNOUGHT.
L. O. L. NO. 21 a
Mts in L O.
O. I. Hall sec
ond and fourth
SATURDAY
at 7:30 p. m.
Visiting broth
ers cordially
Invited to at
tend. GEO. SLEEMAN, W. M.
. ROBERT FERGUS. Secretary.
P. O. Box 426. Bisbee.
FRATERNAL ORDER EAGLES.
Bisbee Aerie, No. 175, F. O. E, meets
first and third MONDAYS. 8. p. m.
Eagles Halt Visitors cordially wel
come. UCHARD DAVIS, President
M. D. COHEN, Aerie Physician
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED AMERt
CAN MECHANICS.
Meets in Medigovicb
Hall, second and fourth
Tuesdays each month
Visiting brothers wel
come. M C. BENTON. Councillor.
J. L BENTON, Recording Secretary.
KNIGHTS & LADIES OF SECURITY,
BIS3EE COUNCIL, NO. 2115.
Meets every Thursday at Union
Hall. 7:,".0 p. m. Visiting members are
cordially invited. C. A. Clem, Pres,
i"23 Bisbee.
Frederick J. Attaway. Sec. Lowell,
i-:. Linquist, financier, box 3324S, Low
ell. MODERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA
Bisbee Camp No. 1341a
Meets first Tuesday at
Odd Fellows HalL
R. L MOTZ. Ccnsut
H. F. MATHEWSO.V.
Clerk.
PYTHIAN SISTERS.
Lily Temple, No. 3,meets every 2nd
and 4th Thursday evening of each
month at Odd Fellows' HalL Visiting
.cia are cordially invited.
N. HART. M. E. C.
JEANET SWEENEY. M. of R. C
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD.
Lowell Camp No. 46 will
meet every Wednesday
v at 7:30, Brophy HalL
J. L. WINTERS. C. C.
O. B. THOMAS. Clerk.
Woodmen invited.
All
KNIGHTS OT PYTHIAS.
Rath bone Lodge No. 10,
Knighta of Pythias
meets each Thursday
(except second) in Odd
Fellows' Hall at 7:30
p. m. Visiting brothers
cordially invited.
V.
'"ARL'sOBLEY, C. C.
J. C. KRIGBAUM, K. of r. s.
T. F. B.
FRATERNAL
BROTHERHOOD
Bisbee Lodge No.
452 meets the 1st
and 3rd Mondays
of each month at
7:30 at Odd Fel
lows HalL Viit
ne members cordially invited.
PHIL. DAVIS. President.
MRS. C. E. FINOTTI. Treasurer
Box 722. Tel. 23S. Red.
KATHERINE SALHOLM. SwrH'"
BvC A. VOIGHT
8 EIGHT
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MARCH 25, 1917.
r-WJ
Cm
TODAY
! ttH if-i u .yen
TODAY
Continuous From 1 To 10:30
"THE
.v wx
MARJORIE
RAMBEAU
In a 5 Part
FEATURE
THE STCRY A pair witli wealth and juy husland ve:.k willed.
Poverty 'hrer.tnrs tci::piauuns come s'.irri: g situations terrible test
lor wife power of love proces "the greater weapon."
YOU Tli ere is a ".creator wcniar your life." Mcst everybody hys.
How st-ciir is your lcve.' How much can you stand? Marjurie Ruru
beeu ir, 'Auricle Fraed" may show you scmetuin?.
THE PICTURE Unfo'.ding a theme cf dtepest Interest presenting
Marjrrie Rcmfceau, tin- uuture nnd of 1017. in a hard rule played so
well you want to pet in the picture and help hei. Wonderfully done
in the splvAdcr of Frank Powell's test art as a director.
Pathe News No. IS Showing Currert Events of the
Week.
DOWN FROM TOM3STONE.
Han Hanley. -in old tiiiier of
chise, Viis in tlifs r!v ytsterday
iting with old friends.
Co-
Vib-
The Cajholic Indies will Rive a i
Grand Fall at Eagles Hall, Easter ! Pep stirum
Monday night. April 9 Admission ' rncbcr stocK
$1 oil. Advertisement. 13U .
TRIO IS ARRAIGNED.
The preliminary hearing of A. I
I'.rooks. Tim Delaney and Roy MeVay,
charged with having held tip and rob
bed Charles I'. Tve on lirewriy Gulch
Wednesday niL-lit. will he held at 10:::o
tomorrow morning before Judge M. C.
Hiuh. They were arraigned yester
day and, on their failure to raise $1,000
bonds earh. were remanded to the
ronnty ail.
The Churches
at Sa"ess
-Adv.
for Oeofillo
154
Brinn- your watches and jewelry to
Lowell Jewelry Shop. Official watcil
inspei tore E. P. & S W. Railroad.
Advertisement
BASE BALL SUNDAY
At Wamn Park. C. & A., vs lSlh
Infantry. Game L':."!0 nrollint. C. & A.
I band. Advertisement. 4
admission
10 AND 15 CENTS
SAM CAMPBELL IN.
Sain Campbell, or Pearce,
visitor in Bisbee yesterday.
Ride on the American Stage. Line,
I Bisbee to Douglas. Thcne 31S.
I Advertisement.
FROM THE HUACHUCAS.
i .To MeCabe. ex-supervisor of Co-
chise rounty and rormer postmaster
i here, was in yesterday from his ranch
I in the Huachucas. '
'ado musical line.
' Nrthason and Marcellus, proprietors
J of the Lowell Jewelry Shop, arc add
ing l" tlit ll UUt? a Plut it VI Jicwiwn
and player pianos, phonographs, musi
cal instruments and sheet music. The
stok will probably be in place to
morrow or Tuesday.
EASTER FLOWERS.
Leave your order now for all kinds
of Easwr flowers. Profit by lu?t
l year's experience rnd order early
I from Harry Sealey, phone Eisbee ti76.
PIG TURKEY DINNER at the
English Kitchen today, consis'ing of
chicken soup, Albicore salad, roast
turkey, cranberry sauce, brown sweet
potatoes, sugar peas, choice of pie,
pudding or ice cream, with drink; all
for 50 cents. Adv. 153
The Assembles of God. '.
Services. Sunday at 3 p. m. and
7:30 p. m. Wednesday Prayer Meet
ing at 7:3o p. m. Everybody cordial
ly incited to attend these services.
Mission on Naco Uoad. one block
below depot.
JOHN KITING, Tastor.
Spanish Services.
Sunday School. 9:3it a. m. at Vol
unteers of America Hall. O. K. St.
Preaching, 4 p. m.
Christian Endeavor 7:30 p. m. Top
ic, "The Saloon. The Foe of Society."
lsa. 59:1-8.
Prayer meeting Wednesday 7:30 p.
m.
A cordial welcome to all.
A. A vila.
3 "TSTR R
nam timin
&
The Heme of Real Reel Features
TODAY ONLY TODAY ONLY
Continuous From 1 to 10:30
-:- -:- -:- -:-
DAVID HORSLEY Presents
The Unrivaled Romantic Actor
CRANE WILBUR
In His Own Great Play
"The Conscience
of John David"
A Strikingly Original Psychological Drama
ADMISSION ' - - - 10 AND 15 CENTS
Pickets Issued on 23' Coupons Accepted for Any
feriormance.
NEO BEAUTY SHOP ORIGINAL Bl SSEE-TOM 3S.TCN
N'0-Plast5::re Ka.'sage, iraniuuria STAGS LINE,
o 'y massage, etc Your patronape so- ' original Toil Intone ta.w leav-:
Icitrd LaI!--s a-d cctleraen. Mrs. El ' ,M1-' at 7 m anJ 1:"u P- Ir0'"
m hise Motor Co 1'hoae l4 Leaves
t .a!K on tii'i -la'H- 939
(Advertiseiif
! Lowell 370. Adv
142
BASE BALL SUNDAY
At Warren Park. C. & A vs 18th
Infantry. Game 2:30 prompt, C. & A.
band. Advertisement. 46
ST. JOHN'S EPISCOPAL CHURCH.
Sunday School 9:45 a. ni.
Morning Service 11 a. m.
Evening Service 7:45.
The Right Rev. J. W. Atwood, Bish
op of Arizona, will officiate at the
evening service and administer the
rite of confirmation.
Lenten Services.
Wednesday 4:30 p. m. ,
Triday 7:30 p. ra.
Choir practice Thursday 7:30 p. ni.
H. S. Brewster, Rector.
CITY-COURT NEWS.
j T. E. Adams was fied $10 by Judge UP FROM DOUGLAS!
: Frank Thomas yestedny for speeding. ' Sergeant French, of
PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH '
Sunday, March 25.
Sunday School at 9:15 a. in. No
tice the early hour
Centra
Theatre
TODAY ONLY TODAY ONLY
Continuous From 3 P. M. .
The Triangle Fine Arts Presents
DOROTHY GISII AND ALL-STAR CAST
U
-IN
Attaboy's Last Race"
Also Triangle Keystone in Two Acts
With FRED MACE
IN
'THE JANHDR'S WIFE'S TEMPTATION"
ADMISSION - - . 10 AND 15 CENTS
Tickets Issued on Coupons Accepted for Any
Performance. '
No Christian Endeavor meeting on 1
the Twenty
; Earl Jones entered a plea of not guilty second infantry, was a visitor in Dis- account of the early evening evan
i to a similar charge and will be tried bee yesterday afternoon, returning to gelistic service.
at four o'clock tomorrow afternoon. Camp Harry J. Jones in the evening.
i Traffic Officer Tom Mooney swore to 'Sergeant French declared that, al-
complaints yesterday charging H. W. though the members of the Twenty.
Crcaghean with driving on the left second were glad they were going
side of Main street and H. P. Radich back east, they would always reroein-
with turning around in th restricted ber their hundreds of friends in
traffic limits of Main street
Recorder's Office, Tombstone, Arizona
December 30, 1914.
To Dr. R. Glaze.
Douglas, Arizona.'
Douglas and Risbet.
See Shrum at Sasess for Ocotillo
rubber stock. Adv. 154
' REMOVAL NOTICE
The following names appear on the The Neo Beauty Shop has removed
Optometric Regiater in this office,
viz: Guy C. Gilman, R. Glaze.
Owen E. Murphy, County Recorder.
ty George M. Wales, Deputy. Adv. I
from Johr.son Hotel to Room 16, Let
son Hotel. Advertisement. 341
See Shrum at Sasess for Ocotillo
149 ! rubber stock. Adv.
154
BASE BALL SUNDAY i
At Warren Park. C. & A. vs 18th
Infantry. Game 2:30 prompt, C. & A.
bn.nd. Advertisement. 46 ,
;ie M ?:ier, Uooiii 10, Letson Ho-
fS2
TP E
tLa sL'ii 3 a Civ
C3
THE HOUSE OF COMFORT.
Continuous From 1 to 11
WILUAM FCX PRESENTS
JU?'E CAPRICE
IN
"A Modern
BASE BALL SUNDAY
At Warren Park. C. & A. vs ISth
'nfnntrj' Grae 2:0 prompt, C. k A
and. Advertisement. 46
SNAKE TRIBE MEETING.
The Mukesin Snake Tribe wi'.J meet
in the club room of the boys' depart
ment of the Y. M. C. A. at seven
o'clock tomorrow evening. All boys
interested in Woodcraft work are in
vited to meet the Head Guide and
Chief at the Council Rock in the boys'
department.
DOROTHY GiSH IS
AT
L
Union evangelistic services as fol
lows: Morning service at 10:30;
men's meeting at -he Y M. C. A.
at 2:30 p. 111.; women's meeting
in this church at 3 p. m.; evening ser
vice at 6:30 p. ni.
Mid-week meetings: Wednesday,
the 2Sth, prayer meeting; preparatory
service. Friday, the 3oth. meeting of
the session in the church. Any de
siring to unite with this church
should meet with the session. An
evening of confession and service.
Annual meeting of the Presbytery
of Southern Arizona in Benson April
3rd. 1917. John E. Fry.
, Pastor.
SCIENCE SOCIETY
Christian Science Society of Bisbee.
holds services in I. O. O. F. hall at
11 a. m. The public is welcome and
invited to attend. Subject for Sun
day, March 25, 'Matter"
'Atta Boy's Last Race" the
Name of Triangla Feature
at the Lowell Theatre Today;
JACK RYA?J CAPTURES
,1
FILLED WITH BOOZE,
Two Weeks
Until Easter
Suits ordered from us this
week can be finished in time for
Easter. .Don't delay ORDER
NOW you can't afford to wait. '
We make suits to fit YOU. Each
and every suit cut, fit and tried
on in the bastings, you get that
individual service in our estab
lishment. We are in a position
to show you the largest selection
of latest novelty woolens in the
state.
Ask your friends about us.
oality Tailors
(The Place That You Will Eventually Buy From) -Main
St Brewery Gulch Bisbee
Some remarkably realistic racing
scenrs are announced as features of '
'Atta Boy's Last Race." new Triangle- M,-frir-v-l rWnfv SrwrJlT !
.ihv r.i-h J " I
Looking For Occupants of.
See Shrum at Sasess for Ocol:Mo
rubber stock. Adv. 154
Dr Playfair. OFtnopath, 98 Mason
'Ti'l. Mason Hill car stop.
Advertisement.
Fine Arts play starring Dorothy Gish
which wHl be seen at the Central
theater today. Miss Gish wears boy's
clothes throughout much of the play,
as she hervlf looks after Atta Boy,
the race horse which, after many mis
haps, finally "brings home the bacon."
Stolen Car, Runs Across
Big Bootlegging Expedition, i
A big, seven-passenger touring car,
filled with quart bottle of beer, 'was1
captured last night near Forrest Sta
tion by Motorcycle Deputy Sheriff
Jack Ryan. Two men who were in tho
NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC.
This is to notify the public that Mr.
James Bedore Is no longer connected
with the "Knights and Ladies of Se
curity" and has no authority to write
insurance for said organization. J.
Attaway, Sec'y. Adv. 141
A SAFE INVESTMENT.
The Union Sulphur Co. of the State
of Louisiana, has paid 2250 per cent
per year for 19 years-. Why not the
Globe Sulphur Company, a close
neighbor? See F. Briggs & Co, Low
ell. Phone 701. Box 3007. Adv.
DP. SWIGERT ACQUITTED.
The charge of failing to register hi.
ceitifir.T.te ps optometiist in this eoun
tv. filed several days ago against Dr.
H. W, Swigert. w?s dismissed yester
day by Judge M. C. Hiah. Dr. Swi
pert claimed that he hrd filed his cer
t if Scat's with the rlerV cf the super
ior court at Tombstone September 3,
1908 and that it was renewed last year
and 13 still in full farce.
In spite of the large number of for
eign torn residents in tne warren car escaped.
competed, shows that there are but Ryan, Constable Joel Hodges and
4S2 boys and girls born outside of this Deputy Sheriff Billy Brakefield were
tourtry, attending the public schools, notified last night that a Ford car, be
which show a total enrollment ot longing to a man named Perry had
2C2C. There are 2017 children at- been stolen in Douglas. Ryan inter
tending school bom of native born cepted the car at the carnival grounds
par. mi;s; 234 of whom one of the par- at Lowell. As he came up three Sol
ents was foreign born and 1261 of diers jumped from the machine and
whom bcth parents were born in for- ran away in the dark. Ryan placed
eign countries.
A' Delihtfu! Fictuiizaiion of Youth's Eiernal
Dream Story by Fbrer.ee Auer Directed by Jchn Gj
Adolfi.
Continuous from One to Eleven P. M.
BIG TURKEY DINNER at the
English Kitchen today, consisting of
t-Mekcn souo, Albi"ore salad, roast
turkey, cranberry sauce, brown sweet
potatoes, stiirar peas, choice of pie,
pudding or ice cream, with drink; all
for 50 cents. Adv. 153
THE PURE MILK DEPOT
(Allen Block)
Delicious home made butter.
co:-ts save as any other. Try It.
Advertisement.
."JST WRIGHT SHOES
the other two soldiers under arrest,
turned the machine and men over to
Hodges and Brakefield, and started
down the Douglas road in the hope of
It meeting the other three. Seeing the
headlight of a big car coming up the
310 road near Forrest Station, he jumne
from his motorcycle and waved to the
machine to stop, with the intention of
Complete line of these famous asking Us occupants if they had seen
t shoes. Just arrived. MiJ'rg Shirt & the soldiers.
If the two women In bl;:ck. one
larse. other medium, accompanied by
chi'd. who were seen to pick , up
pocket hook in Phelps Dodge st'jre
Friday morning at bargain coun'er
will return same to Review or the
office of the store, tl ere will be no
questions asked. Do this and avoid
exposure. Women are known. Adv.
132
Hat Shop.
Adv. 309
FOR RENT
Highland Park for picnics, clubs
nnd parties, good dance floor. Phone
257 J. A. Finney. Sr., Uncle Jim's.
Brewery Gulch. Advertisement. 639
33 00 tailor made uncalled for suit,
$20.00. Millard & Bateman. Allen
Block. Advertisement.
ADMISSION
10 AND 15 CEiTS.
Dr. Fdwr.rd Col -"an. Chiropractor
and Osteopath, rheumatism, nervous
ness a specialty. Office, Hughes
block, 1st floor, opposite Y. M. C. A.
PORTRAITS THAT PLEASE
Irwin Studio, Main Street. 857
Advertlsemeei
The machine stopped, but before
Ryan reached it two men jumped out
and ran madly across the hills. Ryan
immediately took possession of the car
and found the tonneau was filled with
about 60 bottles of Blue Ribbon beer,
packed closely together. The bootleg
gers had put up the storm curtains of
the machine to prevent the booze from
being seen. The car and booze were
brought to this city by Ryan, Hodges
and Brakefield and turned over to local
county officers. The machine, a Chandler-Six,
carried state auto license No.
123S4.
The . . .
Beautiful
LYRIC
Continuous 1 to 10 P. M.
Program Changed Daily.
TODAY
World Rim Corporation
Wm. A. Brady Picture
Plays, Inc.
Presents
The World Famous Actor
v HOLBROOK BLINN .
Ir
MONDAY
World Film Corporation
Presents
"The Little Church
Admission: Reserved Seats 25c; Lower Floor 10c;
Balcony 5c.
"THE FAMILY CUP-
BOARD"
Based on Owen Davis's
Great Stage Drama
A Powerful Play Power
fully Played. "'
Also
"MUTT & JEFF
Comedy Cartoon
Around the Corner"
In 5 Reels
Alio
A Good Comedy
Special Announcement GREAT WORTHAM SHOWS CARNIVAL
MIDWAY IN LOWELL
ENGAGEMENT EXTENDED
Sunday Afternoon a
1. T!lT H
WHIP, ARABIAN NIGHTS, MIRACLE, NEP
TUNE'S DAUGHTER, TOP O' THE WORLD, WON
DERLAND, BLUEY BLUEY, WILD ANIMAL SHOW,
MANY OTHER BIG FEATURES. THREE BANDS,
FREE ACTS.
UNDAY-LAST NIGHT Ik SmbtB
SOCIETY I
SECTION i
MINING
SECTION
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
VOL 19. NO. 249.
BISBEE, ARIZONA, SUNDAY MORNING, MARCH 25, 1917.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
MINES, MINING, LOCAL STOCKS AND COPPER
Phelps, Dodge Earns
Big Sum In the Year
1916; Big Prospects
Earnings For Big Organization in Year Amount to $24,030,
905, An Increase of 140 Per Cent Over the Previous'
Year. Stock Earned 53.4 Per Cent Ajrainst 24.4 Per
Cent in 1915 and 14.8
Largest in Company's History.
Chili CoDoer Company Has Greatest Ore Reserves in the
World, Amounting to
Cent Average. This May be Greatly Enlarged. Nichols
Copper Refinery Working Short Handed. Utah Plans
More Elaborate Extensions.
Earnings of Phelps, Dodge & Co., for the year 191C amounted to $24,
030,905, an increase of 140 per cent over the previous year. On the stock
there was earned last year 53.4 per cent, against 24.4 per cent In 1915 and
14.8 per cent In 1914.
The income account we compare an follows:
Net earnings
Dividend a
Ore Depl & Plant Dep.
Surplus
Previous surplus
Total surplus
....$24,030,305 $10,981,512
.... 14,625.000
2,056,642
7,349,263
..... 8,337,864
15,687.127
Depreciation In value of stocks owned.
At the end of 1916 Phelps. Dodge & Co., had current assets of $24,4S2,131
Of which $7,746,520 was cash. $3,062,032 marketable securities. $4,031,300 ac
counts receivable and $7,993,924 representing metals in process and on hand.!
The balance of $1,643,355 was merchandise held for sale. Current liabilities
totaled $5,826,777 of which the largest item was $3,830,597 representing ac
counts payable.
President James Douglas, says:
.- -Production of copper for the past year has greatly exceeded any in the
company's history. The metal produced from the ores of the constituent com
panies of Phelps, Dodge & Co., Inc., was 152,263,729 pounds of copper, 10,
404.341 pounds of lead. 1,642,055 ounces of silver and 28,873 oances of gold;
and in addition there was purchased or smelted on toll at the reduction works
of your company ores yielding 37,823,828 pounds of copper, 588,327 ounces of
silver, and 7,802 ounces of gold. Including copper received from other sources,
247,303,587 pounds were sold and delivered to buyers at an average price of
24.48 cents per pound net cosh f. o. b.. New York:
Pounds
To domestic trade 176,468,527
To foreign trade , 70.835,060
Total deliveries ... 247,303,587
Phelps, Dodge & Co.. ld
Of their own mine produce 13S,96S,320
Of copper from ores purchased... ; 34.742,080:
Of copper on commission 73,593,187
"The stimulation of high prices, together with the satisfactory settlement
of the labor difficulties In Morenci, improved political conditions in Sonora
and the inception of production at Burro Mountain property, served to increase
over 1915 output of copper from your mines 25,492,030 pounds and a total of
48,957,135 pounds from your reduction plants, which includes ores purchased
or smelted on tolls.
"At the Morenci mines, ore developments since' the resumption of opera
tions in February bave been most encouraging as in addition to greatly in
creased reserves of normal grade milling ore there has been encountered a
very large tonnage of material of a lower
to be commercial if milled on a large scale or the copper extracted by a leach
ing process."
CHILI COPPER COMPANY.
The decision of the directors of the Chill Copper Co., to issue $35,000,000
convertible bonds with which to retire floating debt and increase plant capac
ity sufficiently to treat 27,000 tons of ore per day Is a matter of far-reaching
importance to the company's security
property has been developed to the point of supplying an enormous tonnage
of relatively high grade ore, and it is axiomatic that the quicker a mine can
. . ...... . , . , .. . ,
be made to yield up its metal contents the greater is the "present value" of
its securities. .
The company's engineers having solved oil metallurgical problems and
oorrected'all preliminary treatment difficulties, a bold, aggressive policy bft9
"-
been inaugurated. Cost per unit of output will of course ijuicUy recede as
tonnage of ore treated Is increased, and be It remembered Chill is conceded
to possess the largest tonnage of unmlned copper ore known to exist In the
entire world. g
In April. 1913, when the first bonds of the company were sold the Chu-
miinoTnGto JanAalt In rhf1l wad ad;mmaj4 t nnntoln UK CKf AAA a .
per cent copper ore. The present proven ore reserves are 354.000.000 tons. !
with additional probable ore of 346,000.000 tons, a total of 700.000.000 tons,
averaging 2.12 per cent. This estimate Consulting Engineer Kallmann ears.
t "very conservative." and will undoubtedly be exceeded.
Thirty-four years would be required, treating 27.000 tonB per day. to ex-
haust the supply of exodized ore a.one-33,000.000 tona. At the end of thiJ
period there would still remain 361.000.000 tons, averaging 2,32 per cent
copper. I
j
By increasing the ore production to 27.000 tons a day the earning power
of the company will be Increased 170 per cent
On the basis of various assumed profits per pound of copper, with th
.... ... ......
present capitalization and with the present capacity of 10.000 tons of ore
per day produced say 110,000,000 pounds per annum the earnings per share
do the preeent 4,400,000 shares would be aa follows: ' ' i
rwfi.,i m no., i ,i q.mik
(ContlnuH on Page 3. Main Bertlftn.) f
Per Cent in 1914. Production
354,000,000 Tons of 2.12 Per
1916 1915
1914
$6,664,839
6,300.000
364.839
6,646,270
7.011,109
1913
$9,407,710
7,425.000
1.500,000
4S2.710
6.163,560
6.646,270
9.000.000
1.261.037
720,475
7,617,389
8,337,864
copper content, which may be proved
holders. It means in a word that the
GRAND DUKE NICHOLAS LOOMS LARGE
IN THE REORGANIZATION OF RUSSIA
F -XT --v-v.-.
: j .t ji . air m;
Grand Duke Nichoia.
Grand Duke Nicholas, idol of the Russian army and ranked as Hussia's
naster strategist, looms up as the big military figure of the hour in the
fflpire which has just witnessed a successful s.nd almost bloodless re vol u
ion, and the ahdicaon of its emperor.
SCIENTISTS TO
INVESTIGATE
Smithsonian Institute Will
Send Expedition Into Nav
ajo Reservation to Look
Over Old Cliff Dwellings
There.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Mar. 24.
Mr. Neil M Judd, of the United States
Museum, has just left for Arizona to
supervise for the Smithsonian Insti
tution the excavation and repair of
prehistoris ruins and cliff dwellings.
The work will be carried on un under
a provision in the Indian Appropria-
ition Act- Interior DeDartment. for the
preservation and repair of the re-
mains of ancient dwelling places of
"
certain American aborigines in tne;
Navajo National Monument
The Navajo National Monument
comprises three large ruins located has fully bbrne out the most sanguine ed in sinking to the sump on the 450
in the northern part of the Navajo predictions. Today Combination is foot level.
Reservation, in Arizona, about 175 looked upon as one of the three ori "These pumps are believed to be of
milM hv trail nnrth nf FliitfBtfllT . fnnr het hpt in the Verde district. lamnlA riniuhT .Aflilv handlA all
tw j . a fr hn,,t . hir nf 1
" . .
the Way but there is little traffic from '
j Us termination to the Navajo Monu-'
ment. Prom there the way is diffl-
- ,t to trftve, also on accouynt of the
scarcity of water in the desert to be
'crossed, the lack of opportunity to
; Purchase supplies, and the steepness
0f the ascent near the monument
which is truly In the "High Rocks."
as the Hopis designate the location of
their former home.
The trip requires about five days,
but nevertheless the route is an m-
teresting one. for it passes through
Palnfml TlMtrf ft niptltrAQnllA rntin
. !,. ..
0the native legends and descriptions
relating to the surroundings Super-
.tltUm mountain, for example .where.
j" Navajo stories relate, fires are
1m altll w- M.hVuTm.
' tZToZ Vl
Fire God- nd tnat tnev inherited it
from him- In lhe old''n day8' 80 ,hey
relate, the inhabitants used to see
liKht8 l0Ving around the mesas. Jour
neying over the recent lava beds and
oinder Plains today. It Is easy for the
traveler to accept the story of the
early proprietorship of this burnt-out
country, and attribute the fires seen
there to volcanic eruptions and the
plowing lava of years ago wtfch t
(ConUnud on page 8) ;
-v-t'-'.li,
1 ; ' -
$W -
PROGRESS REPORTED
ON COMBINATION AT
BIG JEROME REGION
,. j'and delap in the progress of develop-
Fif ty Men Are on Payroll ana mont muBt admitted, but taw
Machinery is at Uarkdale difficulties and delaps are always co
and Will Soon be On the inciden' with the awiopmat or new
Company's Property Near
Jerome.
JEROME. March 24. When James
M. Laymen succeeded in combining.
the Mescal, Black Hills, Verde Con-
solidated. Copper Lens and ashburn
groups in one company, Verde Com
bination became one of the most popu
lar Jerome issues, not alone with in
vestors outside the district but with
miners and mining men right on the
ground, who realized the tremendous
possibilities of those properties. Now,
with machinery at Clarkdale ready for
installation, with 50 men on the pay-:
roll and substantial progress made in :
sinking a three compartment shaft, i
the popularity of Verde Combination i
is certainly not waning.
.is cvru&iuiy uut wauAu. i
Development accomplished under
lthP direction of Dave Morgan.. super-
intendent of the Verde Combination,
a m.fh .i.r ma mt to immnntM
iv l9 VACVICU MM "
chlnery will ne in operation within 30
0r 40 days. Then Superintendent
Morgan will exhibit a little speed In
the way of shafl sinking. In the mean-
time a spendid record is being made
with hand work. j
The carload of machinery now at
Clarkdale includes hi 25-horsepoweT
hoist with motor; 350-foot compressor
with 60-horsepower motor; drills steel
and miscellaneous equipment, meje-
rome Transfer company has the cn-
tract to haul the machinery to the
Mescal, on which development is be-
ing concentrated, uui ror ine mci
that the road has been blocked with
the heaTV machinery of the Gadsden. "Our main shaft U 430 feet deep
the Combination machinery would al- and contains two 8xSxl2 foot station,
Vhouse is being Z SoSi'SSf oSVSS "nn'e!
and prlctIclJIy aU tof the nfK5. lfl m feet lo uj fatenteets the
road-building has been completr shaft at about 1M feet from the imr-
tLSS1 5 5Sr lT.
,nf new onPB The rdin noulH, 9 this main tunnel, the whole develop-
ready, but most of the employes live ment to date aggregating about 984
j town feet.
Approximateiy half the 50 men on "The bottom of our main shaft la
the payroll are employed In road-build- In cherty limestone, a rora indic-
jnR an,j carpentry and the other half tlon that the werldng win aeon -
nrp minlne ter the underlying aandstene. which
" Lme 600 tet in from the pbrUl of Is estimated to be from 40 to 73 feet
the main Mescal tunnel a raise has thick. Below this limestone we shall
been started toward the surface, MS eaeonntor tie nnflerlytnf trartare to
feet ebove. In the mean tine mf aj,wMti ou prt eve teiSta &M
(ConUnued on Page 8) &CnMl Vm
u
OF INTEREST IN
I TUNNEL
Dundee-Arizona Company is
Owner of Half Interest in
Project Which Will Un-
.' water Much Ground Near;
'. Jerome.
DIRECTORS' STATEMENT;
IS VERY ENLIGHTENING
Test Shipment of Ore From
, Company's Ground, Run
ning About Six Per Cent, Is
I Now Being Treated at Hum-,
bokJt.
; JKROMK, Mar. 24. Two important;
announcements were made la the re
port of the directors of the Dundee-
Arizona Copper company, submitted
to the stockholders at the annual meet
ing held in Phoenix last Monday.
une or inese announcements was
that the Dundee company hats bought
a half-interest in the Jerome Tunnel
company. The other was that a test
shipment of the Dundee's surface ore,
running about six per cent copper. U
being made to the Humboldt smeltar.
If satisfactory arrangements with the
smelter can be reached, regular fihio-
I ments will be made and the Dundee
will become the fourth producer of
the Verde district.
Following is the report of ,the di
rectors In full: .
. Director' Statement
"About nine .months, ago we began
active operations for the systematic
development of our property, and since
t)at time have not ceasad our efforts
to crowd teh work in every possible
way.
"That we have encountered many
difficulties, causing disappointment
. "At this time
we are very much
gratified to advise stockholders that
we have surmounted all apparent ob
stacles in the way of deep shaft work
and unless some unforseen new difS-
( culty arises, we shall be in position to
. make most rapi dprogrees.
Machinery.
"Our new equipment consists of one
rt-H P. latest type Falrban&s-Stars
rasnline engine and one new Inger
gollRand double phase compressor,
capable of generating 500 cubic feet
0f ar per minute, both of whicb, pro-
vide- ample reserve power for operat
iCr pumps and all necessary air drills.
a No. 7 Cameron 1.-.1 pump has been
installed in an SxSxlJ foot station at
the 450-foot level to lift the water from
n tuuii uu lu i itr ri wi uim.uMBc
on the tunnel level. A No. 6 Cam-
eron sinking pump hangs to thia shaft
for use jn lifting the water encounter-
' " " '
at a depth of from 800 to 1.000 feet
Our hointing machinery la deemed
efficient to carry us to depth oT at
least 1.000 feet if w. ahoold find K
necessary to sink oar shaft to that
depth In order to strike oar prma-
JT-Qn.
Surface lmprovemenui compnse
office building, two machinery buIW-
Ings, now connected, blacksmith shop
ana cnamo room, wwmh-b ui bw
sary tankage and pipe connections,
Our whole equipment Is now In the
highest elate of efficiency and ahouW
ium iciimiruicuui mwivuv
culty.
AUSTRIAN RULERS
ALL DOLLED UP L
THEIR NEW CROWNS
Mm
ID1 K- -T' f t
Enip-rcr Charles I and Empress
Zita of Austria in their new crowns.
Uneasy lies the head that wears
a cr i." But the new emperor and
rmp i of Austria like tof wear
their crowns very mu:h and recent
ly called in a photographer to take'
pictures of them in their new tinery.
OLD DOMINION NOV
PRODUCING AT BIG
RATE EVERY MONTH
Three Million Mark is Reach
ed and Passed. Mine De
. partment is Hoisting at the
Rate of 1,100 Tons Every
Day.
GLOBE. Mar. 24. The Old Domin
ion Copper company is producing cop
per at the rate of somewhat over 3.
000.000 per month, including the cop
per from flotation concentrates which
la shipped to the International smelt
er. The mine department is hoisting
1100 tons of ore per day. The princi
pal ore producing levels are the 12th,
14th and 16th levels on the east side
of the mine, and the 12th, 13th and
14th and 15th levels on the west side
of the mine. Most of the oxide ore
continues to come from the west side
while the sulphide concentrating ore
1m largely produced on the east side.
In the Orey mine, etoping and de
veloping' Is being done on a small
scale and recent developments in this
country have been very satisfactory
The vein on the 14tb level between
the Grey shaft and the Copper Hill
shaft Is being croescutted. but to date
no commercial ore han been found at
thia point.
The "K" shaft continues to be sunk
below the 18th level and unless stop
ped by an unusual flow of water will
be sent down to the 1950-foot level.
Preparations are also being made to
sink the "i" shaft below the lSlh
level. The ISth level footwall ex
traction drift going east from the
A" shaft is making good headway.
Small temporary skip pockets? have
been Installed on the ISth level at
the VAT shaft Tbmie will be used
for handling ore and waste instead of
fcelwtfng- in mine cars, as has been
the practice for the last few months.
The water In the mine hss shown
a small increase during the last eou
pie ef week aad new registers al the
fH wt Vwt 4JWm mVv9 V
f y. -i Sal
tear - ' - - 7i
mm
! H- -
! ) 1
EARLY MAY IS
EXPECTED TO
UNCDVER
mi
L
Benjamin Gillies, Engineer for
'Calumet and Jerome, Says
Second Find of Ore Should
be Made in Very Short Time
FAULT ENTERS THIS
EXCELLENT PROSPECT
More Interest Is Now Being
Taken in Jerome Than at
Any Time Since Last Sum
mer When Boom Was at
Its Height
(By William P. De Wolf)
PRESCOTT. Ariz. Mar. 24. Early
May is the time set by Benjamin Gil
lies, consulting engineer for the Cal
umet & Jerome Copper company, for
the discovery of a second body of cop
per ore in that company's workings,
recently the scene of a strike cf 4
per cent copper at nominal depth. Th
strike of 4 per cent copper is a con
tinuation of a deposit encounter at
a corresponding depth in the I'nited
Verde Extension workings, but is not
the main copper ore body from whirl)
the Extension people are minini; hinh
grade. The latter, in the opinion of
Mr. Gillies, will be encountered at an
approximate depth of 1000 fet.
Mr. Gil Ilea in a!o of thi opinion
that a larse and valiuible body of coi
per will be found at a ilipth or S'
f-et and expect to have C. J 's
three-compartment shaft at thut Irvel
not later than the first wek in May.
Should his mineraloteiral deductions
prove correct, which is dit-idediy
probable, the Calumet k Jerome
grouud carries three separate ore b,l
ies of value.
Fault Enters C. A J.
At th time of Mr. Gillies rereni ex
amination of the Calumet & Jerome
property in the interests of the Lew
isohns, owners of a substantial inter
est therein, he traced the strike of
the great Haynes north and south
fault through the Remineton claim
of the Calumet & Jerome estate. This
fault is the great ore maker of the
Jerome field. It is the fault 'hich
J split and largely enriched the T'nltfd
enle Extension vein, and is the fault
after which the Haynes Copper now
the Jerome Victor Extension proper
tywas named. The Victor Exten
sion ground lies against the hanging
wall of the Haynes fault. Nearby
the line of th eVictor Extension es
tate the United Venle Copper com
pany has entered a large and valua
ble body of copper ore. The ri'"h of
this ore body is toward Victor Extn
sion ground and all of the mineralosi
cal indications favor its continuation
through the Victor Extension estate.
Contributory evidence to that end is
presented in the I'nited Verde Exten
sion and the Calumet Jerome prop
erties. All Eyes On Jerome
Investors in mining shares through
out Arizona are watching wiih more
than ordinary interest the develop
ment of the estate of the Jerome Cop
per company and the progress of tb
plans for financing the corporation.
E. A. Kastner. president, and Hoiuer
King, consulting engineer and man
aging director of the company, are
now in New York City for the pur
pose of securing funds for develop
ment purposes and arntneing for iht
listing of Jerome Copper company
shares on the New York Curb. Tin
comDany has the financial backing of
prominent CsnadiRns. including sev
eral influential members of the Can
adian parliament, and through their
agency Messrs. Kastner and Kins
have been enabled to Interest Ne'w
Yorkers in the enterprise. Local in
vestors in mining shares are prepared
to take over substantial blocks of the
initial offering of Jerome Copper a
the property is located in the heart
of the proven copper belt at Jerome
and has one of the best copper ora
showings at nominal depth in that
famous section.
The Verde's Treasury.
In a chronicle of mining news of
the Jerome field it is never amiss to
mention that phonomenon among cop
per mines, the United Verde Exten
sion. It may be that the following
data concerning Verde Extension Is
not altogether fresh news to the read
er: but. like a good story, news about
the Verde FrtenMon ! alwav wrrta
repeating. The Verde Extension man
avemeat states there are l.oeo.ote
tons ef IS per eeat eoposr ore tn !rt
t the atlae. Durtag 11S the rwp1"
tnenmnnea on rin Tw.) t!
TWO
THE BISBEE DAiLY RETLW, SUNDAY MORNING, MARCH 25, 1917.
- i
A
, 1
I
5 S
1 ' T
EC
' .'
6f S
il't city f New Yo-I: I'.as linnet! o.'.-r to t'.c navy ji.'p.;i tmcut a!l municipai piir- for the use uf the har
ii r.i 't .- la.- t Lit ::.:. ty pat i '.. Tii:- pl.nto sritivj a view of a destroyer which hds jut ieturned t'rutii coat
aliul duty uL o.if ili-j !iiuidc:iil j:ets. .. .
GADSDEN AWAITING '
- POWERFOR SINKING
Machinery is Now On Ground
and Work Will be Rushed
Once Electricity is Had.
JEROME, Mar. 24 Everything was
ready for power at the Gadsden Wed
nesday mornins, but there was no
power. The chances are, however,
that within the next week the defi
ciency will be supplied, and that three
shifts will be drilling in.the' shaft.
Finishing touches were placed on
the Gadsden equipment Wednesday,
the head frame being -raised that day.
It was on Wednesday, also, that the
Arizona Power company began build
ing a branch line to the Gadsden pow
er house. The necessary transform
ers were shipped from Needles. Cal.,
several days ago. and any freight may
bring them to Clarkdale.
The shaft has been sunk over 75
feet by hand. Handwork will contin
ue until the machinery begins to turn.
THE PURE MILK DEPOT
(Allen Block)
A great big glass fresh butteni'ilk j
It's only 5 cents. Advertisement. 309
NEW SAMPLING WORKS
PLANNED FOR KINGMAN
KINGMAN, Ariz., Mar. 24 King
man will have a large sampling
works in the near future if plans for
mulated by a number of Phoenix and
Prescott mining men are carried nut.
Negotiations for the securing of a
site are under way and it is announc
ed that work on the new plant is to
be started within a short time. There
were two sampling works fh King
man some years ago and both did a
good business. They were later de
art Kl A fa
",r-
Four percent copper ore was acci-1
!ntallv disrnvcrpri on the nron.Tt v i
of the Emerald Isle copper company t discomfort. Druggists everywhere sell trial bottle, free of charge, can be ob
last week while digging a pit for anlnis excellent remedy for fil'tv cents a tained by writing to Dr. W.'BCald
engine. The ore was struck at twen-1 bottle. well, 455 Washington St., Monticello,
ty feet. I To avoid Imitations and ineffective Illinois.
Creat Verde Extension is next "on
the line"' to United Verde Extension,
Dundee-Arizona, Jerome-Verde, and
United Verde. A few dollars in these
shares now at 40c stand every chance
of making as much money as made in
any one of these other properties.
Great Verde Extension is next "on the
line" east. If you have not already
put a little money into this property,
do so today. 40c is too low a price tg
last lone.
MAKE ALL
NATIONAL
100 Shares
2.10 Shares
r.dO Shares
1,000 Sliars
5.000 Shares
lO.'WO Shares
or
M I.
1
S'i -i
i- t
EARLY MAY EXPECTED
TO IIMPnUCD PnDDCD the I'nited Verde Extension mine may
IU UfluUlLn UUrrLn be accepted as indicative of the poten
IV wiiwwsa.ii ww tialities of other properties in the fa-
' ' mou.s Jerome copper belt. It is, how-
(Continued From Tage One) . ever, not to be inferred from the data
produced S6.400.00n pound of copper before mentioning that the embryonic
from but SO. 109 I'jiis of ore. Which-mines of that Rcality are as a class
n eans the ore had a general average ; United Verde Extensions' In the niak--rade
of 22.7 per cent copper to theing; for the United Verde Extension
ton. Iniaddition is carries 1.62 ounces i is a marvel among copper mines and
of silver to the ton. The total prod tic- has but a single peer the celebrated
tion had a value of $9,981,000. Net 1 Bonanza mine of Alaska. It 'may be
protils were $8,938,000. Transporta-; inferred, though, that as the opening
tion charges "jit the ore epproxiniated of the United Verde Extension (Little
$1,200,000, or about $100,000 per month,, Daisy) mine dembnstrated, there were
owing' to a lack of smelting facilities mines in the Jerome field other-than
locally that necessitating shipping the Senator Clark's United Verde, that it
ore to outside reduction points. The also presages further demonstrations
custom smelling charges were another to a like end.
A Laxative for Babies
Good for Everybody
DR. CALDWELL'S SYRUP PEPSIN
A SAFE AND EFFICIENT FAM
ILY REMEDY.
livery member of the family is more I
or less subject to constipation and ev- j
cry home should always 'be supplied .
with a dependable remedy to promptly j
relieve this condition. Whenever the
bowels become clogged and the natur-1
al process of elimination thereby dis-1
turbed. the entire system is affected, j
and readily subject i'j attack by dis
ease. Constipation is a condition that
should never be neglected.
Mrs. K. K. Gilbert, of Millbro. Va.. ;
says that Dr. Caldwell's Syrup Pepsin j
is a splendid laxative for children be- J
cause they like its pleasant taste, and j
it acts so easily and naturally, without
triping or strain, and she linjls it equ- ;
ally effective for the re.-t of the fam-!
ily. :
Dr. Caldwell's Syrup Pepsin is a substitutes be sure you get Dr. Cald
rombination of simple laxative herbs : well's Syrup Pepsin. See that a fac-
j with pepsin that contains no 'opiate or
,.: Tf ! .,,51.1 .l o!Q 5
u.u. t Sw...c ...
its action, and does not cause pain or
FOUR MINES IN A LINE
THE ABTOTAGES OF LOCATION
NTH IN A STRAIGHT LINE-2 MILES LONG.
VVEROE COPPER I co 4) GREAV
3 Acopptn -''C j COMPANY I KaZ VCROEl uif
Great Verde Extension
Syndicate.
PHOENIX, ARIZONA
Mail me, FREE, your handy
map of Jerome District and a
copy of "Copper Dollars.'
Name
Street
Town
SUte
CHECKS TO THE NATIONAL BANK
OF ARIZONA
BANK OF FHOENIX, ARIZONA.
Gentlemen: Herewith find $ for
of stock of GREAT VEltDE EXTENSION COPPER
a share, as advertised above.
arc
are
are
are
are
are
$ 40.0U
100.00
200.00
tou.oo
2ii."i.or
Moo.no
' Name
Street
Town
USE THIS FORM TELEGRAPH IF AT A DISTANCE
Great Verde Extension Syndicate
MAIN OFFICES Chamber of Commerce Bldg.
PHOENIX, ARIZONA.
X i IC CO A:? I l Anl.;ij
heavy tax on the ore.
Presages Widening Field.
The foreg'oing facts and figures on
( ArsER-GifLerf:
simile of Dr. Caldwell's signature and
1..-.. ., !, ,.i:,.
ula w:ai -
ton in which the bottle is packed.
. . .1917.
shares
CO., at forty cents
1, Jl
r w v ill 11
UU 'ftl '
feu ' vr- ,J '-V-
4:
HowsThis?
Mo offer One Hundred Dollars
Reward for any case of Catarrh
that cannot be cuied by Hall's
Catarrh Cure.
F. J. CHENEY & CO.. Toledo. O
We. the undersigned, have known F. J.
Cheney for the last IS years, an J belle
him perfectly honorable In all business
transactions and flnanrinllv able to carry
out anv obligations mi.de bv hi. firm.
NATIONAL. BANK OF COMMEKfR,
Toledo. O.
Hall's Catarrh Cure is talten Internally,
acting directly upon tlie blwd and mu
cous surtaces of the syst 'm. Testimonials
sent free. Price 75 cents per bottle. Bold
by all DrtiRSisls.
Take Hall Family Pills for cor.btlpaiica.
DUNDEE IS BUYER OF
INTEREST IN PROJECT
(Continued From Page One)
expected to be found. '
"Our engineer reports present con
ditions to be exceedingly favorable
and very encouraging for our ultimate
success. j
Surface Ore.
"The working on the conglomerate)
ore on the 65-foot level was discon-;
tinued and work commenced on the
j ore reef on the surface by open strip-
ping, uncovering a body of ore 900 feet
! long with an average width of five
I feeL One continuous stripping, 100
j feet in length, at the northeast end,
j exposes a body of ore averaging bet
ter than six per cent. The ore at the
I south end of the reef and in the drifts
will average: about four per cent,
j "We have at least 1.000 tens of this
' ore on the dump ready for shipment,
; b uotwing to the high silieious con
i tents and the fact that all smelters
, have been crowded to their full capec
' ity with their own ores of similar
. character, we have been unable to
market any portion of the ore. How-i
:ever, we now have completed an ar
rangement with the Concolidated Ari
' zona Smelting company at Humboldt
!to accept a trial shipment with thel
j understanding that if it is found satis
factory arrangements will be conclud
ed for the shipment of a stated num
ber of cars per month. The trial .
shipment is now being loaded . and
should reach the smelter early next
week. - . i
"A very -large tonnage of ore can '
I easily, be extracted from these open;
(workings, so that .if we are success-1
ful in finding a market for the ore, wej
shall continue shipments indefinitely. 1
May Be Next Producer.
"In this connection it may be of I
interest to stockholders to learn that, j
should we be successful in our efforts!
to dispose of surface ores, the Dundee j
will be the fourth producing mine in
the. Jerome district- '
"A partial joint survey by the UnH-j
ed Verde Extension Mining company i
and the Dundee has been made for a!
townsite on the (.surface of our .' own
and adjoining claims, and locations j
for various important improvements
have already been determined upon.
"A contract has been entered into
for the purchase of a one-half interest
in the Jerome Tunnel company.- own
ing fire mining claims and valuable
tunnel rights. We believe this pur
chase will prove to be a valuable ad
dition to our original holdings. Sub
stantial payments have already been
made for the property.
"Your directors will continue everv
effort to develop our properties in the
most expeditious, efficient and econ
omical manner."
Dundee Finances.
A financial statement submitted by
j Treasurer Arthur J. Smith, upon order
: of the board of directors, showed the
receipts of the company to have Iwen
$603,904.50, $102,875 being from the
' sale of treasury stock. Disbursements
were as follows:
I Purchase of property, $199,995; pav
j incuts to Jerome Tunnel company, $5.
j 8S3 : buildings, machinery and equip
Imcnt, $13,057.80; preliminary and or
jganization expehse, $1,753; mine de
velopment, $26,375.45; administration
jand office expense, $1,448.50.
, In addition to a bank balance of
$55,408.95, the Dundee "has sold $40,-
Doctors Stand Amazed at Power
of Bon-Opto to Make Weak Eyes
Strong- According to Dr. Lewis
Guaranteed to Strengthen Eyesight 50
In One Week's Time in Many Instances
A Free Prescription You Can Have
Filled sod Use at Home
Philadelphia, Pa. Victim ef eyn strain
sod oIliT evr wi-nkncysrs. Slid t.h'aw wli
wrar tlai. will 1m gl:id tu kuw tuat
according to Ir. Uu there in n-al h"r'
and tHn for tbrm. Mauy wh"W ejo
were f.iiling hay tbr-y b.ive had thi'ir ryes
restirrl ny tuis r'tu:irkaile prcwjiptlou
aod Diauy who ouv wore gl.iNsa-a say
tuv Lave thrown tb'in nwny. One oi.-iu
iuij. nftif-usiug it; "1 was a1nit bliud.
Could not m-r to rrad t all. Now I cnu
read everything without uiy glasses smi
my eyes 1 uot hurt any more. At niulit
they would pniu dreadfully. Now they
fi-el (iDe all the tiiu. It was like ?
miracle to me.' A ludy who used it says:
"The atmosphere (teemed hany with or
without glasses, but after using this pre
scription for 1.1 days everything seems
clear. I iiiu read even tiuc priut with
out glasses." Another who used it says:
"I was bothered with eye Mroin cairn!
by overworked, tip-d eye which iiniu"cd
lien-e headaches. 1 have worn glasses for
wverwl years In.th for distnu'-e and work,
and without tbeiu I could not vead niy
i n name on an envehN' r the type
writing on the machine before nie. 1 can
ilo l-'ili now and h.-ivv discarded tuy lone
iiian-e glasses altogether. 1 cau count
ilie Muttering leaves n the tr"' sTe
I he street now, which for several years
iuive l.M.k'i) like a dint green hlnr to nie.
I ramiot express luy joy at wb;tt it has
-lone for inc."
It is iM'lieved t!mt thousands wh" wear
cho-ein discard th-tu iu a uuv.'U-
S73 worth of treasury stock that is
to be paid for on or before Ceptem
ber 1, next, making the company's to
tal resources $96,283.95.
At Monday's meeting the following
directors were elected: Alexander
Mackay. W. C. Foster, Arthur J.
Smith, F. S. Stephens, L. H. Chalmers.
The directors organized as follows:
President, Alexander Mackay; vice
president, W C. Foster; secretary
treasurer, Arthur J. Smith;; attorneys
Chalmers, Kent & Stahl.
That Tunnel Proposition.
It has been supposed locally that
the Jerome Tunnel company was
bought by the United Verde Extension
and that the Dundee-Arizona made a
tentative arrangement for the driving
of a branch from the Extension's pro
posed main tunnel. Such is -.ot tlw
caye.
Last fall W. E. Defty, consulting
engineer for the Dundee, paid Mr. and
Mrs. George W. Hull, Mr. and Mrs.
H. Kotherniel, S. F. Denison. Mrs. A.
H. Lyons and Francis Lyons. $25,000
for their stock in the Jei'jme Tunnel
company. They were the sole stock
holders. Since then Mr. Defty has sold a
half iuterest in the Tunnel company
to the Dundee, and Je other half to
the U. V. Extension. Those compa
nies are joint owners of the tunnel
proposition, including tive claims ly
ing between the United Verde Exten
sion and Jerome Verde o'l the west,
and Clarkdale on the east. The claims
themselves may be valuable mining
property aside from their value as
tunnel sites.
No arrangement for a joint tunnel
is being considered. It is probable
that in the end two separate tunnels
will be driven, one to tap the Dundee
at a depth of 800 feet, the other to
tap the Jei'ome Verde and U. V. Ex
tension. Survey made for the Dundee com
pany show that les than a mile of
tunnel will be necessary to tap the
Dundee. Walter Fitch, Jr., a Veil
known mining man of Utah, was re
cently here to figure on driving the
tunnel for the Dundee but no contract
has been awarded. In fact he has sub
mitted no complete bid. The Exten
sion has not even progressed this
far toward driving its tunnel.
Dundee Development.
Development work is a sain in full
swing at the Dundee, after a delay
of some weeks occasioned by the
heavy flow of water. The new pumps
are in operation and the water is un
der control. A round of holes was.
COMB SAGE TEA .
INTO GRAY HAIR
Ladies! Try this! Darken beautifully
end nobody can tell Bring back
. its gloss and youthfullness.
Common garden sde, brewed into a
heavy tea, with sulphur and alcohol
added, will turn gray, streaked and
faded hair beautifully dark and luxiri
ant. Mixing the Sage Tea and Sulphur
recipe at home, though, is troublesome
An easier w ay is to get the ready-to-use
preparation improved by the addition
of other inirreilients. costinc about 50 I
cents a large bottle, at drug stores,
known as "Wyeth's Sage and Sulphur
Coiupouud," ' thus avoiding a lot of
inn ss.
While gray, faded hair is not1 sinful,
we all desire to retain our . youthful
appearance and attractiveness. By
darkening your hair with Wyeth's
Sage and Sulphur Compound, no one
can tell, because it does it so uaturully,
.o evenly. You just dampen a sponge
or soft brush with it and draw this
thi'ough your hair, taking one small
strand at a time; y morning all gray
hairs have disappeared. After another
application or two your hair becomes
beautifully dark, glossy, soft and lux
uriant and you appear years younger.
Wyeth's Sage and Sulphur Compound
is a delightful toilet requisite. It is
not intended for the cure, mitigation
)T preventi'.m of disease.
(Advertisement)
ahle time and multitudes more will be
able to strrnc'licii their eyes ho as to b
spared tin- trouble uud exeiiKC of ever
getting glnsM-s. Le trouMrs of ninny
descriptions niny be woiji,-r'iilly beueljtctl
hy the use of this prescription. ' to anr
active drug store aud ce a Ixitile of l'-.n-t
tablets. Iro oiic ftoU-( pto tahl-t
in n fmirth of a glass of water and let
it disHolve. With this liquid hatbe the
eyes two to four times daily. You should
notice your eyes clear up iM-pvptilily richt
irom the start and iiittumniation nnd red
ness will tuickly lis:ipM'ar. If your eyes
ither you rveu a little it is your duty to
tuke steps to save them now t'frc it
Is too late. Many hopelessly bliud might
imve saved their sight if they Lad cared
for iheis eyes in time.
Note: Another prominent rii.K-iiin to whom
Mm: nliore article i, Mttimlt-fl. pjiitl: "Ye.
"Ik5 'loi? Opto wccripliuii h tinlv a tt-oiMjcrhil
ye rclietiy. 1t-i!-IHu-lit nc'nilh-nwarr well
.mmn to eniiiH'ht oe n.-onli.t., nft sl'lv
WScrilx-o lv them. I ti:IVe lltti it vrr UC
Os!'illlv 111 mv ov ii prli'tio en (X-I n-it. w Iiom
e. were Mraioeil thromili ii'i'rw.trk or ni.-l
.-i.V. I r:lll liluhlv nilntMllfiiil il in ,:-. itf
vriik, wat,-n . nelmi;:. sutstiiirr. lii'liin. Iiumi
inir rves. rvl li'l. Ii'nm il vision ii (or ( in
irtin'l troiu cN-tire to wti-r. miii. iJiiI or
n IihI, It i. o'M- f Ilie .rrv f"v imMMT'ltt'!- I
iVel thoiilo. Ic lo-p m Ii.tihI fr rvi.'til:T lic Iti
tlmost eerv f.oi.iv.' IU.it ii..i. n trnnt t,
,i,vr. i not t ,, ilent ntrili'-ii, i n mtii I
iiHiii . 11. i mi ,-IIimmI iirft,rtlion. the f,.
mil leinu print) ! o' ' In ;,,!. .1 ::r. '"1, Tii;in
ilH.'lHr'r cicin tl.-c il to slrvui-llH-il eeitiit
ill NT Cl-tlt ill OMC k I CMC III lim If ill-tH llf,",
r M-ftii',1 1'ie imei'. i . Il c-ii " ol'liim,) .rmn
ny suml dntffiri-t mi is k-1U in lUia city by
dlSBCE DRUG CO.
put in the bottom of the haft last
Monday nif.ht and wVrk has continued
without serious interruption since.
The carload shipment to the Hum
boldt smelter, mentioned in the re
port of the directors, left Clarkdale
Tuesday.
HAS A REMEDY BEEN
DISCOVERED FOR T. B.
This Is What People All Over This
This Country Are Asking Dr. Glass,
Mason Bldg., 4th a ""Jway,
Los Angeles, California.
Months ago Dr.
Glass made the an
nouncement that he
had discovered an
inhalant .that would
positively cure tu
berculosis in an
stage, where a suffi
cient amount of vi
tality was left them
to recuperate. People
suffering from lung HEALS WHILE
trouble from all THEY SLEEP
parts of the United States and some
of the foreign countries wrote for the
treatment Reports from these pati
ents show the big majTority of them
are improving from the first, and will
continue till well. There are also some
people again who cry fraud and go
on down' to the. grave. Where, 41
they would only make a little inquiry,
they would find proof enough from pa
tients wh'o had been treated arid
cured to warrant them in trying the
only treatment ever discovered for
reaching the air cells. Can't people
see the blood don't enter the air cells
at all. and the only possible way to
reach them is by inhaling an anticep
tic that will allay the inflammation
and will not irritate Some go so far
as to say. another fraud to iob people
of their money. While there are so
many frauds thousands of them, per
haps who say they can cure tuber
culosis. Dr. Glass can't blame people
for being a little skeptical, but doesn't
blame them for not making inquiry as
to whether or not Dr. Glass has made
an absolute cure tr not. If people will
notice, none of these fraudulent reme
dies use daily papers and make the
positive statement that they can cure
tuberculosis. Why? Because they
would be denied the use of the mails,
also arrested for fraud. So would Dr.
Glass; and he would also be denied his
license to practice medicine if he was
not able to produce pro'of he could do
all he claims to do. Some say if he
could cure T. B. the world would soon
know of it. So, 'tis, 'tis pity, pity 'ti
'tis so. that thousands will die before
a public test of the treatment can be
T l I ' 1 I . -
ireai people irom au climates cnarg
ing actual costs of putting up the
remedy to establish positive proof
his discovery is the greatest achieve
ment in medicine, which will cure
eighty per cent of all pulmonary cases.
Further desired information sent on
request. (Advertisement)
Auto Painting
M. CURRAN, OLD MASON BUILDING, LOWELL
Watkins & Bergqaist
Quality Jewelers
The Best Opticians
, The HALLMARK More j
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
AND HIGH CLASS CAFE
The best of everything at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 60c luncheon daily. Also $1.00 dinner from
5:30 to 7:30 p. m. Regular Board by the month. $40;
$10 by the week.
Henry Poppen, Manager.
L. J. OVERLOCK, BROKER
Correspondents: Paine, Weber & Co.,
Boston, Duluth, Calumet.
Logan & Bryan, New York and Chicago.
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK.
T i t " : .
Bisbee Lumber
EMIL MARKS, Mgr.
LOWELL
ANGIUS
PURE
FOOD.
k-Si
GROCEif
Phone 29.
EYE NERVE GLASSES
Permanently located
in Bisbee. except
Mondays in Douglas
Room 1, Maze
Buildins.
DR. R. GLAZE, Neurologist.
Prions 156.
Residence Phone, Black 42a
O.
K. LIVERY and
UNDERTAKING CO.
Robert Henessey, Prep.
Opposite Depot. Ambulance
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Solicits Your
Patronage
PHONE 58
HEINO&KEANE
Cleaning, Pressing and Re
pairing $1.25 a Suit
Suits from $25 to $55.
All work done on the premises
by Union Tailors.
Phone 677, Johnson Addition.
THE MECHANIC WITH
A FEW BOARDS
from our lumber yard can make
a far better job than he could
with t k-e the number of uusel-ii-led.
unseasoned planks. It the
mechanic ran do that so ran
you. The next time you have a
I't'it: ioh to do around the house,
get the lumber here.
Company. nc
CAR STOP.
PHONE THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW. SUNDAY MORNING, MARCH 25, 1917.
THREE
Y
SO CIET Y '
March T.O.
V. Fisher,
W. C. A.
SOCIAL CALENDAR
Porcas Club,' rareh 29.
. .in:en's I.eruuo, rrcsbytrrF.iri
Church, Apr; 4.
Hound Dozen flub, Mr-;. Frnuk
Duval. March 2S.
Women's Club Luncheon
Women's Club. April 1"..
St. John's Guild. Mrs. J
March 28.
.Monday Musical Club. Y
April 2.
Anona Club.' March 2?.
SVoinc t ! ib. Mrs. T5;ltrco, April 1.
I.ai.iist Aid. March, 23.
. T.ndi'.'S of nriiJom. Anril 4, K:u'!'' .'
Hall.
Mrs. T. O Vr-nrah entertnined -ih
a bridee. tea Tbnrsdav afternoon at
her home in Warren for Mrs. W. It.
Cnmow. who leaves Tnesdar for Vr
enci. where she "'ill mate hPr home
Th rrmvifl were doeorated in violet,
anil ninV. Ceil Rrunner roes pnd
violet nrerlnminfitinir. and bowls of
laven.lfr sweet nca filline1 he iiooVr
and corners of the room. The clients
wore greeted bv the hostess who wore
a rrown of ninlc. and the finest of honor.
who was charmincr in lavender. The
bridge, euets. Mesdames .Wm. Cohr
ins. A. J. Tlalmforth. Kalnh Kesrn.
Orowad. John Pawlines. Arthur Vot
wan. Pueone Ttrouehton. Ralnh Cald
well. K. v.. Fllinwood. .Toscnh Irvine.
S!r)t.v Vasihir. Cleon Knsnn. V.
Whitley. Arthur TTonle and Mis Kllin
wo'jd. . Wm. Gobring. and Fueene
Trourlton. .Prizes were awarded to
the winners, a silk parasol, and silk
hose.
Tea was served from a table hein
t'fnllv decorated with a howl of Cecil
Rrunner roses, surrounded bv violets
and plnV shaded candles. The cloth
was' almost covered bv fern, and
lart;e hunches of violets and rose
were nla'Pil at intervals al"t the
p'lee of the table. Mesdames Kearns.
Cleon ifnann nnd K K.. Whitlev ps
P'Stod hv Mesdames Sidney Mashbir.
A. J. almforth and Miss Jane IrvinT.
served the ?ne-ts craie ice. tea.
chnrolte, sandwiches cHeese stis.
nuts. French nastry, candies, candied
fruit and mints.
The guests invited for tea were
Mesadems Henry Foppen, F. E. Coles,
F. Lu Williams. W. A. Schwartz, J. E.
Curry. Fauchere, Dymock, Sr., John
Dymock, John Kait, A. U. McGregor,
C. W. Cronwell W. W. Shelby. H. M
Gnllneher, If. H. Hollis, C. L. Riley,
C. M. Lynn, G. H. Fitzgerald. P. M.
FiKlcwnVer. Fred Sutter, E. C. Camp-lx-11.
K. A. Fol.-.nm, Fred Juliff. C. JI.
Hunt, Alexander Murray, George Cobhe
F. G. HeckiMT. A. W. EngeUlcr, (). A,,
I'naclder, C. C. Wolf. C. E. Gollwit-1
7.t, Misses Louise Williams. Kather
ine Hipp, Mae Curry and Margaret
Irving.
The Woman's Club will entertain
with a luncheon Friday. Mi-n-h "i.
Mrs. F. K. r,,U- is hnsies.
' Mrs. John V Or 1 r entertained m
rorhiallv at' her hoi'Te on School Hill
Friday afternoon. The suest whs yiss
Ixtiiiso' Williams, and (he other jrueMs
tnss"d the afternoon in sewing for
their friend. Sandwiches. re'ih.
cske and cot'UVo were served to r-iuht.
end Miss Williams was presented wl'.h
n hand made tray cloth.
OfLecrs of the Twenty-second Infan
try entertained with n farewdi partv
fat til" pavilion in Camn !i:rrv J.
.Tore? Fri'liiv. An i.rcli.t'rri r four
jten nieces Droi iild the tiiti ;c fur
idancins. Fruit nunch w;.s serv-1
throughout the eveniir: and fruit sah'c
lot rolls and coffee served niid
.niKht. The Twenf v ?( rond Vas -i num-
ber of friends in tite UN'rirt. um 1 en-i
! tertained about a hundred collides at'
the dmice The piifsts fi'mi HUhrn
and Naco were Mr., and Mrs. H. M.
CMleiber. M. and Mrs. T. OKon. Mr.
and Mrs. K. C. C'amnbell. Mr. and
Mrs. CWn T. Knanp. Mr. ml Mrs. F.
L. Williams. Mr. and Mrs. J. TV
; Taylor. Pr. and Mrs. G. H. Fit7.T-rj.V:
Mesdames L. L. Gilman. Ralnh Cald-
"eU. J. F ('nrf Misses Kflthrvn
Winn. Tinise Williams. Margaret Irv
Ttr Jae Cnrrv pnd Tesii Cowan;
Msrs. J. Hand R"?er Tlnv. T. Cow
n. Vnde . Powell. Cantnin and Mrs
Moshrir. C"t.. A. C. Tavlor. Cril. Tut--i'l.
Cunt Heinlev. Capt. Noble, Capt.
Roach, and Lieutenants Hess and
Howell, and Dr. Martin.
April 13 will be the next repular
meetine of the Woman's Club, with
MSdames Rhodes and Julifff as hostesses.
! Tl.e Lions!;.
I day tl.e 1
t-rnm vi
I. F. nurses!
niiseelUllK-eu.
Sims. J. f. W
Musical Club reet M m
W. C. A. The tro-
l!:e direction cf 'rs.
imI the nuiiih'-rs ".'
, M sd.m'es ' W. V.
v." ,,. Mid Kii iu f.ivf
Members of the Indies of Elkdom
mel ;,t K;i;I''k' ,1,st W'in".
and l.assed !i pleasant day iu seinfr
and ;.imcs. A linn heon of sandwich
es, salad, oliw-s. cake and corft-e was
served at noon. The next nieetiiiK
will he April 4 at Enfiles' hall.
' Tlie Y. V? . C. A. was at home to
the public and their friends Wednes
day afternoon. -Tea ;nd cake were
served to the trusts. Mi-s Mover presided.
Going Through Bi
Shops I Noticed Thai-
T
GROCER RETPIE'n
A MILLION
MiV. Ratteree will be the next
hostess to the Soiree dub'. April 4.
enjoy:: 1
n I'i!j. r.
The Woman's Lcaue of the Pres
lteiian church is in vit d to attend
a meet in i; of tht I'.esbytery to be
held iu Dongas March 2S.
Mrs. V. N. Little and Mr. T. P..
Houston, sisn-r and father of Mr. T.
L. Houston, leave Tuesday for their
home in Louisville, Ky.. efter a pleas
ant visit of three weeks.
A To '
I ",v -- Have .
3 Use
NEWBRO'S
HERPICIDE
The St. Johns Guild met at the
home of Mrs. Roy Beaton Thursday af
ternoon. The afternoon was passed
pleftantly and tea and cake served to
sixteen.
The First Ariona Infantry entertain
ed with a dancine party at Naco last
evening. Sandwiches and coffee were
served to the Rjjests.
Mrs. T. E. Houston entertained Wed
nesday afternoon in honor of her sis
ter, Mrs. W. N. Little from Louis
ille, Hy. The afternoon was pleas
antly passed, anij they enjoyed a cut
tin? contest Mrs. E. G. Ruffner win
ning a Madiera handkerchief for be
ins the best scissor artist. Pear sal
ad, cheese sticks, sandwiches, pecans
and tea were served. Those present
were: Mesdames H. Sterlins. R.
Hooper, Sr.. C. H. Hunt, E. G. Ruft
ner. S. H. Kyle. Neyland, F. ' L.
Williams, Charles Moore Landis. W.
E. Oxsheer and Misses Kathryri Hipp
.md Louise Williams.
The High School Alumni Associa
tion entertained its friends with a
dancing party at the Hiph School Fri
day evening.
The pupils of the Risbee high school
are planning a masquerade party
which will be given Friday evening.
Match SO.
A Bilious Attack.
When you have a bilitms attack
your liver fails to perform its funct
ions. You become constipated. The
food you eat ferments in your stomach
instead ot digesting. This inflames the
stomach and causes nausea, vomiting
and a terrible headache. Take Cham
berlain's Tablets. They will tone up
your liver, clean 'out your stomach and
you will soon be as well as ever. They
(only cost a quarter. Advertisement
No woman can afford to be inJiTcr
ent to the appearance of her hair. A
mass of nice snanpy hair, becomingly
dressed, will add more in genuine
I looks than a pretty face, or an ex
pensive gown. l;n I allow tne scaip
to become clopged with dirt and dan
druff. Don 't allow dandruit' t. destroy
your hair. If your hair is uneven,
dead, dull and brittle and conies out
by the handful every time you draw
a comb through it, dandruff is the
cause. To rid your scalp of the
dandruff and check the hiss of hair
I should be your first anxiety.
i NEWBRO'S HERPICIDE will do
this and at the same time put the
hair and scalp in a sanitary condition.
HERPICIDE appeais to those of
greatest refinement on account of its
exauiaite odor, its purity and clean
liness. It contains no grease. and
does not stain or dve. There is noth
ing more dependable than this re
markable scalp prophylactic. The
hair responds readily to a regular
and intelligent use of NEWBRO'S
HERPICIDE.
Try it and see. Send 10 cents to
day to THE HERPICIDE CO.,
Dept. S, Detroit, Mich., for a sample .
bottle and a booklet telling all about
the hair.
For sale everywhere in 50c and $1 .00
aues. Guaranteed by The lierpidde
Company.
Applications at the better Barber
Shops and Hair Dressing Parlors.
I The lir.-t moiieis r.i ine lasnion snow n.i. a t::u.,u
held last, week confirm the atiticipa- tucks.
tion that the melon silhouette v. ill b"
a minor one. and that the honors are
with tli( straight line.
s to trinunins a 'own,' when in
dXiubt, embroider it. j
As the . season advance.!, one will
discard the separate coat, and find
the dainty gow n beneath it ready lur
any wear.
Tii,' I. in.: lim s of the n-: cat 'ir;-k-1
i J r.i'. l i ".: 1 1' i:,:- ;;'. d:'( m
icnili in V(','.'i:r. V.'lu-n ('-ired a dps-?
M,-; 'V:iea':i is line. bt.t v In n a tailor
ed dress is n-eded. j-.tst button up C-
((..it I
I'r tty wid. I
of graduate I i
niatiy of tl.e sr.v
V'-sts a(i;.i :ir (
son's suits.
Tucks and panels from the smartest
and the most un j'ial of frocks for ,
this season.
A Mouse fer all '.. ( ;i iioiis is made
of milium silk, aa.l it's larse coMuik
and cofl's must be of pussy willow
tatfetla. :m:l i overei! wit'i Ci or-
till'-.-
1;. ' t
rv 1 'a
l'.lK.f.
1 ,
It
ill : M
:-l tum r(.'.'..
:ire !-eeii al'tenni'..u.s. i
IKir.-.(-liu:r lai Lat.-s cotuliined with I
crepe are the very newest. I
The Fair is showing the smartest;
t'.-iliS e-
vi''t tl-
Art' r" "ii
Slit ! ti-ir
. .A' l i.-l: i. '11
II V. (Ml p;, t-
t i k.-ep l.p
1
l-O'
,i
1 iKtHM
h ;s
s m-
tl.tift
this ?'-a:-o:i.
The s'.i.irt hi, lire i- t.i tlie t-iilored
si;'t. i.-.t a ei.si -i.-rii.t is to a v-onmn's
I. Iter tl.e h"-t thin ti ft- r ail
Ti'. -red ent's li.ii.en in th,. best of
purges if that's what they .call be !.,. ,,,ci.l:ite,l wnnlrnbes ami nretty
called. The sliaoe is lonu and widens hi,,ii.-: rtavs liHmon '.viti! hm.
at the base, ar.d when opened from J T'e rhVins. TW'-e dnr- w liowinsr
the bottom discloses a memorandum a t uutll'.il assortment .f Vn t?;l!,lt
pad, a mirror, car l case and change 'v,.,-)s in th latest ilesi.-ns the cherry
purse blossom. Shirlev and VNIon. " !
Gold is the most popular shade r j n ovster white silk is flattened
the sprins and the thins that keeps ' in ponenhacn blue and. r orebinpd
the shade in favor is line's ability toiW.if iin white, is smart for -snorts
match every article and accessory wear.
I needed. . ; foulard of wivte with Ponenasen
After all the fuss made about em-;hiA r.Tptv for stropt wear. j
broidery (and that's a sreat deal thisj ptjin fteonrette and jhifrnn hav'
spring) it Is surprising' how smart one j ihf brht colored spots, blocks and i
can be unadorned. ibars. j
Every woman with a carefully The Phelns. pAl store last week
planned wardrobe must have at least dinlavel two nretfv dresses in Geor
one frock in which Khe looks aupeal- celte with trimm'nes of en.hroidery
ins and feminine it's being done this 'one in roe and one in Old blue,
season. A eren flannel coat has vara em-.
Metal cfotlis. metal brocades and browieries for U trlminirs. i
metal laces will make a smart and Tlohins Vwsr blue tatTet; must have,
constant appearance in evening gowns somp siiv poe nri nink velvet bow
and dance frocks. ; knots tn its rnrnhmntinn.
Similar to the metal cloths, and A dress f stnne.i and hr.i
rivals for popularity, are the brocaded v"""- Urt" Ti"ea n vir
silks and satins, m of "tet and nienterf nv f-
There is a new sasli belt In the field trimmne nanf, hios le
and silk suits have more of a sash tord. an.1 sports at short tv-
than a belt, and oft times start at the plum.
hips and tie in front.
A
. - i
:''- r'-" 'VVv
f
S3? Ji
.-tithai-l U.vver.
'Jtok In l",ro cha?l Dvrj-er. whe
i ; tts.n workinsf as a laborer, ?e-
t embark in business, lit
-noi-ei-iffs as his line and cpea-
- "fo!c on Webs-er avenue, P.'ts-
The ever popular crepe de chine !
foremost in- silks for the street this
season a dress of Shadow - Lawn n-,
Green tr deep sea preen has a trim
ming of geren pearl buttons and a
soft white Georgette collar and sash.
A dress of gray crepe de chine
the material is really a standby this
MINERS IIMON DNCE
Q'nnv e'"ntnr Mrr is. jt Ui0!"
Dancing be"!" s-."?i.
Advertisement 7"
.nf -ver ioiit Hmh to Dim
flood cpr and careful driver
.r-lrM-i Qtap.e T t Pl,nr ffff
MarinelloFace Powder
Is Different
FORMS a real protection
actually cling to the skin and pre
vents the disastrous effects that other
wise follow exposure. It is delightfully
different, as a single trial will prove.
If you have never tested it, send Ten
Cents and we will send yo a miniif.r box
nf Fo,i. r, sow M-or t'r. ni. 1 -i ".
Hand J-Hv. I'h.nt m Howd- r vl'ii ne
beauty tiu-rfe. F rre demons il ki tf
mrtrtn.4.-o SHOP
Rear Angius Store. Phone 305
rv- c '
V. ' -
7 W.A J
n n rs v ;i ? -
1 yy; mimxm mc&$
8 K 13, s&V?i
-- V: i .-'- 1 ;
mV''
1
A
I -I ,
! PLEASE
OUT S
: iC'.:".'.i
D-f.-vfr.vJ';. -K , v....... ' . '' ! - -r-
JT I - " ' ' j . : ' ' ' t
fe.;.: :
A USftl IT
W X .V LlirrjiA I l IT.
5SS1 g A -V -V' f?j: -V-- v.. ' - ;' hH r- r'
rUI vAv ,if-v .V
-i- ' v4 -- '!' s : '. -- i' : 'x - - ,i
X- ' i -
V.v'r
i '
,- rVv
if.:''.-
. Xo. 1. Arritiny at hi Mludio at 8:30 a. m. s
. No. . '7 ii tnran ! George if. .
No. ;:. 77s 1 .Kice- Jtoorile Hoy in inirudutx i to his working staff. -v
No. 1. learning mime fine points about the grinding canitra.
No. 5. lirorg'w foc not believe iu the "Out for I.uneh" habit.
S No. . iieorge M. putting Cohanism into the very first scene.
4 No. 7. Telling the property boys a tiew one 'hreen scene.
No. S. Tcnrhhig "Young Ainrriea" a Yankee Hoodie Air
' No. !. I'itjlil )i. m. liwt ( ryhoilii's haiii.it. "(ort niyht. See you in
the carta a. m." .
9 V S ?' f" 'P 'i-" ' f' f- -t" 'i ; 'f. 'S -
For a hm time I'rHe Sam has wait
el fur his .et son to join the legions
of the motion picture, ami at las the
favorite of his great fumlly has f id-)
filled his wish. Yes, George M. Colin u
has finally matriculated to the screen,
and his first day at the studio natural
ly marked an event in the annals of
the amusement world.
As the brand new studio clock struck
8:.'!0 the Iiolik-lionk of George M. big
lLujniisiiie frighteiKHl th; ttudio cat
away from its breakfast and brought
into a state of excited activity the corps
of property boys and tleetriciaus lazily
donning their working clothes, osifct.
Id? tbeir new 'ho?s".al a lale hour.
erj'. iiwerfit lighting apparatus, nu
uierotis jKiint jmiIs, caineras and ther
motion picture paiaplieriialia of more
mysterious nature I'tid ilesign the fa
mous actor-author -proilucer jiluiiged
witu enthusiastic energy. No, the big
"fleas Keep Out" sign bad no liear
ing on G'oigo'.s entrance into filmland,
but affected the many curious persons
who were desirous of seeing him at
nork on hi; first picture, "Kroinhvay
.loties." lle id'is, (Jeorge M. Cohan
dot-s uot believe in sigus. and it would
take more than a mere placard, now
that lie las become nu enthusiastic
lilmitf. to keep him out. An introduc.
tion to his working stjff ai)(j j,,.
'nto the ftndio b'l' kixl r ih s ?u- i sriec-tinn . of tbe u..vle cniiicru
and
i f
j ,
L M :
' -.V- '
04 57",?
V.s
George leaps into his character as
"P.roadway Jones" and proceeds to In
ject Cohanisin into laotlou pictures.
There is no such thing as a lunch
"hour" for him. mid after a sandwich
iii'd a gliisu of- ;.c:i. milk he iiinkcj !
rapid p'ogrc-iy ii a screen star, telling
jo'.res to the ptop lmys Iu Lis ttsnal
te.uiocti.iic inauiicr and teaching
-Hi.. . . . -. - .V . ! . . , .;' . i. -v 1 1 A V . ,. ' ' : : -. '
q '. n.v ,V ' ; Ji -.- :':.i-
-'V .. ' .
"Tor.ng America- patrloth' sonars U'
twiiMi . enes. .t S p. in. l'.e shakes
his U Minna n by the hand as ho wishes
him good uight auj thrcateas to lie ou
hand at S the next inoriiiiig. And licit
endeth the flrs'i I:::pi .r ef Gc 'ige Yi.
Cohan's new' rocatloii, the result of
which will sotm be tiirvlajcd en tbo
screen bv A.rtcruft Fictures.
Vet
k
-i-:i
.ii.
v --. .. , - -.
.r. - ,;t ,' FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MARCH 25, 1917.
PRODUCTION OF NEW
MEXICOVERY LARGE
Neighboring State's Mineral
Income For the Year 1916
Approximates $35,000,000.
SANTA FE, N. iM.. Mar. 24 New
Mexico's mineral production in 1916
waa $35,000,000, according to reports
made to the state tax commission by
the metal and coal producers of the
state. The net value of the output
for the year as determined by the
commission was $17,24S,630, on which
taxes will be paid. In the previous
year the gross production was $22,
500,000, and net taxable valuation $10,
350,000. Producers thus pay on near
v $7,000,000 more this year. The big
ir e s-- in t' " C ina Copper output
Wemen d
Middle Me
Many distressing Ailments experienced
by them are Alleviated by Lydia E.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound.
Here is Proof by Women who Know.
Lowell, Mass. "For the last three years I hara
been troubled with the Change of Life and the bad
feelings common at that time. I was in a very ner
vcms condition, with headaches and pain a good
deal of the time so I was unfit to do my work. A
friend asked me to try Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegeta
ble Compound, which I did, and it has helped me in
every way. I am not nearly so nervous, no head
ache or pain. I must say that Lydia El Pinkham's
Vegetable Compound is the besc remedy any sick
woman can take." Mrs. Margaret Quikn, Rear
259 Worthen St, Lowell, Mass.
She Tells Her Friends to Take Lydia E. Pinkham's Remedies.
"- North Ilaven, Conn. " When I was 45 I had the Change of Life
which is a trouble all women have. At first it didn't bother me
but after a while I got bearing down pains. I called in doctors who
told me to try different things but they did not cure my pains. One
day my husband came home and said, Why don't you try L'dia E.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound and Sanative Wash?' Well, I got
them and took about 10 bottles of Vegetable Compound and could
feel myself regaining my health. I also used Lydia E. Pinkham's
Sanative Wash and it has done me a great deal of good. Any one
coming to my house who suffers from female troubles or Change of
Life, I tell them to take the Pinkham remedies. There are about 20
of us here who think the world of them." Mrs. Flobekck I&xla,
Box 197, North Haven, Conn.
was chiqfly responsible for the year's
gain. In 1916 the Chino produced
j.200,000 and its net was fixed by the
o missLin at "12,600,000, double that
jl' 1915. All other copper producers
also showed a big gain. The Burro ,
Mountain company crowded the Eigh-
ty-Five out of second place with $2,
031,700 last year. The Stag Canyon !
"Fuel, with $2,903,000 led the coal pro
c s in 916 in gioss, Lut fell be
in d t':e St. Louis, Rocky Mountain
: nd Paci ic in nut. T . la it r s gioss
was $2,281,000.
u. riC- Or CALU...ET A ARIZONA
MINING COMPANY
io the Shareholders:
' 'i i ar- ' eiel) noti.leJ that ttu- An
. .,), v.air n, A.i-ou , u. .
.i! 9, 1917, at 10 o'clock a ni. lor
. i pose of electing eleven direc ois
ir the ensuing year and for sjcIi otii
r Lislr.esp ; s fj com 1, lo.- s .u
eting.
Only stock !o!deis I r.-t-oid ai t e
use of business Mare. '5th lj
i'l be en.itled to ote
By Ordr'r of tu B -j I .
" CORrO II V ; ij
Secii. .
Diiied at Calu el, Mici.igiin. rYbruar
15, 1917. Advertisement " 298
TV
cle s :: Z NKW TWO million dollar .
INTERIOR IIUILDIXG NEARS COMPLETION
Pmgk-, : ! h-, is " ,vt IMP -
The World's Greatest Motor Car Vfiltl
The new Department of Interior building.
The new Department of Interior building, the largest building owned
by the United States government, with the possible exception of the
capitol, is being rapidly pushed to completion. It is larger than anv-' uild
ing owned by any foreign government, and is exceeded in floor spa only
by thcoolworth building in New York, having eighteen acres under its
roof. It .s located west of the State, War and Navy building and is a part
pf the general plan of improvement of the capital's Mall.
pr1 T V"V, Jl CT?H A I T, J3ATT AT) I T'Jnvc! ttt rT".rr-.T-. rn
. You are Invited to Write for Free Advice.
3fo other medicine lias been so successful Id relieving woman's
suffering as has Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound.
"Women may receive free and lielpf ul ad vice by writing the Lydia
E. Pinkham Medicine Co, Lynn, 3Ias3- Such letters are received
and answed by women only and held in strict confidence.
If"- P & T- V ,? f-tZ -JW5, ,
,f s iii
Endurance a sterling quality
that enables a motor car to travel
thousands of miles, day after day,
over good roads and bad, with little
or no trouble to its owner.
A Maxwell stock car holds the
world's endurance record 22,022
miles without a motor stop, witl
out repairs or readjustments
certified by the American Auto
mobile Association.
Maxwell endurance is an In
herent part of the car, put
there and kept there by the
materials, the care, the work
manship and the general poll
cies of the Maxwell Institution.
Tomng Car UJi
MoaJmtmr M29
CikUii tmt
TmrnmCmrtUt
All prices t. o. b. Detroit
iL5 cASii BALANCE $50 PER MONTR
. ultAvART GRANT
t-oweli, AiLi. Phone 249
Columbia baseball squad learnu.j, rudiments of military training.
Under the watchful and trained eye of their manager, Clarence Lovejoy, who is a graduate of West
Point, the members of the Columbia University baseball squad have adopted militar training and drills
as a regular Dart of their dailv nractice. Some of the
rho AVunt ftf war r-ith f lrmanu
,. uaui attfitW WANl ADS BRING RESULTS
eniCa!iuimet Copper Exteedbini
BISBEE, ARIZONA
Capital Stock, $1,500,000
Far Value, $1.00
PROPERTY ,
The property of the company immediately adjoins the holdings of the Copper Queen and Warren Realty and Development Companies
- adjoining Don Luis, as well as other extensive holdings near Gold Knob.
OFFERING
0,000 Shares of Ae Treasmy Stock
Now Being Offered at 50c Per Share
preparatory to going on the open markets. Development work w:,'J commence at once, as soon as drills and other equipment are received
and installed.
OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS
Jas. Wood, President
J. F. Cleaveland, Secretary
Parker L. Woodman, Vice Pres. and General Manager.
Chas. A. McDonald, Treasurer.
W. W. Perkins. A. K. Stacy W W. Searles
Citizens Bank & Trust Co., Transfer Agent.
For full information address P. O. Box 1 1 87 or
call on Parker L. Woodman or Geo. F. Gardiner, Cop
per Queen Hotel, Bisbee, Arizona.
QUEEN-CALUMET COPPER EXTENSION
Box 1187 Bisbee, Arizona.
Please send me your map of the Warren District.
Name
Address
REMEMBER ! Bisbee is to Copper, What Sterling is to Silver THE BISBEE DAILY REViE SUNDAY MORNING, MARCH 25, 1917.
FIVE
MEXICANS CORDIALLY RECLi VE GEN. PERSHING AT MAT a MORAS
; General Pershing (left) and other army officers photographed on arrival at Malamoras.
General Pershing- and his party were ho;pitaLy received and entertained on the occasion pf their recent visil
to the Mexican official'? in Matamoras. In thr accomrunyinjj picture the Amuriccns are seen at the left, Mex.
icar. soldiers are at the right .nd in the Lackfe. guild i:. li.t intj.itlor 1 triiie ovu Rio Gi-;;ue.
KNIFE ON CORNS
Tells how to loosen a tendei
com so it Iixts out with
out Pain.
You reckless men and women who
are pestered with corns and who have !
at least once a week invited an awful
death fitm lockjaw or blood poison
are now told by a Cincinnati authority
to use a drug called freezone, which
the moment a few drops are applied
to any corn, the soreness is relieved
and soon the entire corn, root and all,
lifts out with the fingers. I
It is a sticky substance which dries
the moment it is applied and is said
to simply shrivel the corn without in
flaming or even irritating the suf
.rounding tissue or skin. It is claimed
that a quarter of an ounce will cost
very little at any of the drug stores,
but is sufficient to rid one's feet of
every jiard or soft corn lr callus.
Yoajare further warned that cutting
at a corn is a suicidal habit
(Advertisement)
SfiW U. S. MILITARY
1 ' ATTACHE AT ROME
n
.1
4-
mm.
t i f Lieut. Col. Clemcnl F.ajrier.
" lieut. Col. Clement -'lairlcr '. S.
A , in charge of engineering w- n
W. !.hington, D. has boen c n
t' ! j the war department to th" -it
of iilit&ry attache at the Am -a. n
en-.ssy in Rome. He su. js
Ma 'or Elvid Heiberg, who was k ied
a short while back on the Italian
front, when his horse threw him.
Chamberlain s Couyn i-icn.eo rio
rite for Colds.
X h- Eatley, Macon. 111., in speaking
of Chamberlain's Cough Remedy, says,
"During the past fifteen years it has
been my sister's favorite medicine for
colds on the lungs. I myBelf have
luken it a number of times when suff
ering with a cold and It always reliev
ed uie promptly." Advertisement.
Vitolox
"I was raised in the South, subject
io malarial conditions all my life.
During my sixty odd years I have
probably taken a narrel of medicine.
Some time ago I got a dollar botile
of Vitolox, and I must say this remedy
sicuis to take more poison from the
pysteni than anything I ever took. I
have; gained several pound's and feel
liko a new man."
J. G. CANNON,
McGOFFIN AVE
EL PASO. TEX.
! Uollk'S vill cure auy i.ae of uiu
cular or inflammatory rheumatism.
Suld ou a guarantee.
:
To Cure a Cold In One Day
Take LAXATIVE BROMO QUININE
tablets. Stop the Cough and Headache
and work oS the Cold. Druggists refund
money if it fails to cure. E. W. Grove's
signature is on each box. ' 25 cents.
MEAT INJURIOUS
TO THE KIDNEYS
' e c c t
Take a tablespoonful of baits
if Back hurts or Bladder
bothers Meat forrr
uric acid.
We are a nation 'of meat eaters and
our blood is filled with uric acid, says
a well-known authority, who warns
us to be Constantly on guard against
kidney trouble. '
The kidneys do their utmost to free
the blood of this irritating acid, but
become weak from the overwork; they
get sluggish; the eliminative tissues
cPog and thus the waste Is retained in
the blood to poison the entire system.
When your kidneys ache and feel
like luYnps olead, and you have
-stinging pains in the back or th urine
is cloudy, , full of sediment, .or the
bladder is irritable, obliging you to
seek relief during the night; whea
you have severe headaches, nervous
and dizzy spells, sleeplessness, acid
, stomach tor rheumatism in bad weath
er, get from your pharmacist about,
four ounces of Jad Salts; take a table
spoonful in a glass of water before
breakfast each morning and in a fi:v."
days your kidneys will act hue. This
famous salts is made from the acid of
grapes and lemon juice, combined w'.th
lithia, and has been used for genera
tions to flush and stimulate clogged
kidneys, to neutralize the acids in
urine so it is no longer a source of
irritation, thus ending t urinary and
bladder disorders.
I Jad Salts is inexpensive an.il cannot
injure; makes a delightful effervescent
lithia-water drink, and nobody can
I make a mistake by taking a little oc
I casionally to keep the kidneys clean
and active. (Advortisement)
URGES EVERYONE
TO QUICKLY GET
Oil WATER WAGON
Drink glass of hot water before
breakfast to wash out !
poisons. j
To see the tinge of healthy bloom
in your face, to see your skin get
clearer and clearer, to wake up with
out a headache, backache, coated
tongue or a nasty breath, in fact to
feci your best, day in and day out,'
JUBt try inside-bathing every morning
for one week.
Before breakfast, each day, drink a
glass of real hot water with a tea
spoonful of limestone phosphate in it
as a harmless means of washing from
the stomach, liver, kidneys and bowels
the previous day's indigestible waste,
sour bile and toxins; thus cleansing,
sweetening and purifying the entire
alimentary canal before putting more
food into the stomach. The action of
hot water and limestone phosphate on
an empty stomach is wonderfully In
vigorating. It cleans out all the t our
fe.rmentatfons, gases and acidity and
gives one a- splendid appetite for
breakfast.
A quarter pound of limestone phos
phate will c-ost very little at the drug
store but is sufficient to demonstrate
that just as soap and hot w.iter
cleanses, sweetens and freshens the
skin, so hot water and limestone phos
phate act on the blcrbd and Internal
organs. Tbosc who are subject to
constipation, bilious attacks, acid
stomach, rheumatic twinges, ulso
those whose skin is sallow and c om
plenion pallid, are assured that one
week of inside-bathing will have tli' in
bVith looking and feeling belter in
every wuy. (Advcrtiueuictit.)
The Pneumonia Season.
The cold, damp weather ot March
seems to be lue most tavorable lor the
(ueuujouia germ, isow is the time to
e careiul. fueuuionia oiten results
. -i a coid. i ne quieter a cold is got
.cn rid ot tne less tue danger. As soon
is Uie uist indication i a com appears
nine Ciiaiiiu'erlain s cough neiiieuy.A8
to the value ot this preparation as
an one wuo has used it, Aaveruse-
uenu
LEGAL NOTICES
CERTIFICATE Of" INCRtASE OF
irtc NUibcR Or UiHtCioRS
.ijr7 lhc CurVfcK wuc.cN
CUNSuciUA I ci) MIN
INu COinr-AlU Y.
We, the uuuei signed, being all the
stuc&uoiuers ana tne huluers oi rec
oru.t ot the enure capital suick, is
sued aud outstanding, ot thu Copper
yueen consolidated .Mining cciupany,
a corporation duiy organized and ex
isting under the taws of tne biate ol
Sew lorn, uo hereoy pursuant to tne
provisions ot tne BtocK Corporation
uw, section 26, agree and consent
tnai the number ol directors of said
corporation shall be increased from
seven to nine.
LN W11M.S3 WHEREOF, e, the
above mentioned siocKnolders and
holders of record of the entire i-ssut"
and outstanding capital ftock of tne
said company mrve-maiiey Big.ied and
executed tnis instrument in duplicate.
Dated this 8th day of March, Ial7.
PHELPS DOUGE & CO., (l.NC.j
C. H. DOUG E, Vice President
CLEVELAND II. DODGE
ARTHUR CURTIS JAMES
JAMES McLEAN
WM. CHURCH OSBORN
E. HAYWARD FERRY
WALTER DOUGLAS
GEORGE NOTMAN
(Corporate Seal)
State of New Ytork )
) ss.
County of New York )
On this 8th day of March, 191J, be
fore me personally came George Not
nian to me personally known, who,
being by me duly sw-orn, aid depose
and say that he resides in the City
of New York; that he is the Secretary
of Phelps, Dodge &. Company, the
corporation described in and which ex
ecuted the foregoing instrument; that
he knows the corporate seal of the
said corporation, that the Bcal affixed
to the said instrument is such corpor
ate seal, that it was so aiiixed by or
der V)f the Doard of Directors of the
said corporation and that ho signed
his name thereto by the like order.
F. K. CAMERON,
Notary Public, Kings Co. No. 16.
Certificate tiled in Register's Office
No. 8013.
Certilicate filed in New York Co.
No. 26.
New York Co. Register's Certificate
No. 8029.
My term expires March 30, 1918.
(Seal)
State of New York ) .
) ss.
County of New York )
On this 8th day of March, 1317. be
fore me personally came Cleveland II.
Dodge, Arthur Curtiss James, Win.
C'.iurch Osborn, E. Hayward Ferry,
Walter Douglas, &. George Notman, to
roe known and known to me to be
the individuals described, aud who ex
ecuted the foregoing instrument, and
they severally duly acknowledged to
me that tney executed the same.
F. K. CAMERON.
Notary Public, Kings Co. No. 16.
Certificate filed in Registers Olliee
No. 8(13.
Certificate tiled in New York Co.
No. 26.
New York Co. Kcgistcrs Certilicate
No. 8029.
My term expires March :o, 1918.
(Seal)
State of Florida )
) ss.
County of St. Johns )
Ou this 10th day of March 1917. be
fore uie personally came JAMES Mc
LEAN, to me known and known to mc
to be one of the individuals described
in. and who executed the forefrohw
instrument, and he duly acknowledged
to Uie that he executed the snine.
SIDNEY M. MOOItK.
. Notary; Public Stale of Florida at
Law. " ' : ' : ' '
My commission expires Oct. Hi,
1918.
(Seal)
State of New YotU )
) ss.
County ol New Yolk )
George Not mull being duly sworn.
dp-scs. jind cajc: That be it-
the Secretary of the Cpper Queen
Consolidated Mining Company, the
corporation mentioned hi the forego-
lng instrument; mat ne is the custo-
dian of the stock book, containing the
! attached their signatures to the fore-
going instrument, and ackuowlegded
the execution thereof, are all the
stockholders of said corporation, and
coat mey are me nuuiers 01 tne en-
tire capital stock of the said corpora -
tion issued and outstanding.
GEORGE NOTMAN.
Sworn to before me this 12th day
i of March, 1917.
F. K. CAMERON,
Notary Public, Kings Co. No. 16.
Certificate filed in Register's Office i
No. 8013. i
Certificate filed in New York Co.
No. 26.
New York Co. Registers Certificate
.No. 8029.
My term expires March 30, 1918.
I - (Seal)
State of New York )
) ss.
Office of the Secretary of State )
have compared the preceding with
the oristnal Certificate to Increase the
riumber of Directors of Copper Queen
cuiiBuiiuuiea mining company, nieu
and recorded in this office on the 15th
day of March, 1917, and do Hereby
Certify the same to be a correct
transcript therelrom and of the whole
thereof.
I WITNESS my hand and the seal of
j otiice of the Secretary of State, at the
i uy xn AiDany, mis naeentn day ot
March, one thousand nine hundred and
A 1 T 1 T A 1 "!
Secretary of State,
(Official Seal) Second Deputy
ENDORSED: Filed and Recorded.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
I ' Department of the Ipterior,
I U. S. Land Oiiice at Phoenix, Art
zona, March 19, 1917. .
NOTICE Is hereby given that Charles
A. Stevens, of Hereford, Ariz., wL'o, on
June 11, 1910, made Homestead Entry,
No. 010866, lor the SW of. Section
,28, Township 23 S., Range 22 East, G
and S. K. Meridian, has filed notice
of intention to make final five yeai
Proof, to establish claim to the lano
above described, bel'ore Jared D. Taj
lor, U. S. Commissioner, at Bisbee,
I Ariz., on the 14th day of May, 1917.
Claimant names at witnesses:
Robert Arborn, Edward Wilcox,
Charles A. Martin, Frank S. Medaros,
all ot Hereford, Ariz.
J. L. IRVIN,
j-. Register.
First publication March 22, 1917.
Last publication April 22, 1917.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the Interior,
V. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Ari
zona, March 19. 1917.
NOTICE- is hereby given that Rich
ard K Todd, of Hereford, Ariz., who,
on July 5, 1912. made Homestead
Entry, No. 018517. for the SV t)f.
Section 32, Township 23 S., Range 22
East, G. and S. R. -Meridian, has filed
notice-of intention to-inake final three
year Proof, to establish claim to the
land above tiescribecKtbefore Jared-D.
Taylor, U. S. Commissioner, at Lis
bee, Ariz., Xm the 16th day of May,
1917.
Claimant names at witnesses:
John H. Hughes, of Hereford, Ariz.;
Jacob C Baker, of Hereford, Ariz.;
William Ryan, of Hereford, Ariz.;
Angus Gillis, of Bisbee, Ariz.
,;J. L. IRVIX. .
' Register.
First publication March 22, 1917.
Last publication April 22, 917.
Certificate of Change in Par Value of
Shares of
COPPER QUtcN CONSOLIDATED
MINING COMPANY.
Wc, the undersigned, Chairman and
Secretary, respectively, ol a special
meeting ot tne stocKholders of Copper
Wneen consolidated Mining Company,
a domestic stock corporation, held for
tue purp'ose of reducing the number
of shares into which the capital stock
ot the company Is divtded without re
aucmg the amount of such capital
stocK, do hereby certify:
ihat prior to suctr meeting a notice
stating tne time, place and object
tncreof and the reduction in the num
ber of shares proposed, signed by the
President and Secretary, was publish
ed 'once a week for 'at least two suc
cessive weeks in the New York Law
Journal, a newspaper in the County
wnere the principal business otiice ot
such corporation is located.
Tnat the following is a true copy
of such notice: 1
TO TH STOCKHOLDERS OF
COPPER QUEEN CONSOLI
DATED MINING CO.:
PLEASE TAKE NOTICE that
a' special meeting of the stock
holders of Copper Queen Con
solidated Mining Company will bu
held at the otiice of the company.
No. 99 John Street, Borough of
Manhattan, City of Ncv York, on
the 2Ui day r' lanuai, 1917, at
e leven -.lock ie forenoon, for
the purpose ouilderlog aud
voting upou . ..oposition to re
duce the camber f shares into
which tlio capital stock of said
company shall be dividtu without
reducing the amount of sucli cap
ital stock so that hereafter such
capital stock shall be divided into
tumly thousand shares of the
par alue of Ouc huudrcd dollars
' citch.
Dated, New York, January 1'Mh,
1917.
JAMES DUUGLAS,
President.
GEUKGE NOTMAN,
' Secretary.
Tliut a copy of such notice was also
RHIGKESTER S PILtS
T-S-v tmk iiiii r.BAaifc .
( C-Sa 'ki.,iiwiii(.nllirfA
VvV'J 1 " 1 m"h 1,J"- x
A VB Tl. lltrt 1IT ff fmr "
1HVKM lt Nl Mil . f t j
vrtn mm it nr II .t.Viteif. Al. v FrI.'H
SOUBYFKMGISTSBTRTKHIRE
mailed to each stockholder of such
corporation at his last known posi-
ouice address ou December 10, 1910,
more tuan two weeks before the ei
)rl
n 8Uch notite- stockholders appeared
,n pewon or Dy proxy owning the en-
tire capital stock of the corporation
and chose from their number the un
( uerslgned Cleveland H. Dodge as
, chairman and George Notnian as Sec
retary thereof.
That the notice of the meeting and
proof of the proper publication and
mailing thereof was presented.
That, on moti'on, a rote was taken
by those present upon the following
resolution:
RESOLVED that the number of
shares into which the capital stock ot
Copper Queen Consolidated Mining
Company shall be divided, be reduced
so that hereafter such capital -stock
shall be divided into twenty thtmsanu
snares ot tne par value ot One Hun
dred Dollars each.
RESOLVED FURTHER that the
jcnalrman and Secretary of this meet
!,e ne and ihev herehv am amhnr.TAi
uid directed to mane, sign, verily anu
w.no ledge tne.certincaie of proceed
ings required by statute, and to cause
jue of such certificates to be filed anu
iecorded in tne ounce of the Clerk oi
i-ew lorn county, ana a duplicate
original thereof - in the otiice of the
secretary ot State, and to do all actB
and tilings that may be necessary to
comply with the provisions of law ap
plicable to and 'regulating such reduc
tion in snares of capital stock.
That stockholders Owning 200,000
snares of stoca, being the entire issued
capital stock of the corporation, voted
,n tavor of such resolution, and no
jtocmioldtTs voted against it.
mat a suuieient number of v'otes
aaving been cast in favor of such
.esoiution, the same was declared duly
iuopted and tne meeting adjourned.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, we have
aiaae, signed, verified and acknow
.edged this certificate in duplicate.
Dated the 26th day of January, 1917.
CLEVELAND II. DODGE,
Chairman.
GEORGE NOTMAN.
iCorporate "Seal) Secretary.
State of New York, )
) ss.
County of New York )
Cleveland H. Dodge, Chairman, and
vieorge Notman, Secretary tif tue afore
oaid meeting, being severally duly
jworn, do depose and say, and each
tor himself deposes aud says, that he
uas read tne foregoing certificate
subscribed by him, aud know its con
tents, and that the same is true.
CLEV ELAND H. DODGE,
Chairman.
GEORGE NOTMAN,
Secretary.
Sworn to before .me this 26th day
of January, 1917.
(Seal) F. K. CAMERON,
Notary Public, Kings Co. No. 16. "
- Certificate filed in Register's Office
No. 8012.
Certificate filed in New Ytirk Co.
No. 26.
New York Co. Register's Certificate
No. 8029
My tenn expires March 30, 1918.
State of New York )
) ss.
County of New fork )
On this 26th day of January, 1917,
before me personally came Clevelano
H. Dodge and George Notman, to me
personally known to be the persons
described lit and who made, signed
anc1 verified the foregoing certificate,
aua severally duly acknowledged to
mc that they made,, signed and veri
fied thr same, for the uses and pur
poses tnexein set forth.
(Sealj r K. CAMERON.
Notary Tublic, Kings Co. No. 16.
Certificate filed In Register's Office
No. Soil.
Certilicate filed in New York Co.
No. 26
New Yors Co. Register's Certificate
No. 8029.
My term expires March 30, 1918.
State of rcw York )
) S3.
Office of the Secretary of State )
I have compared the preceding with
the original Certificate to reduce the
number of shares of Copper Queen
Consolidated Mining Company, filed
and recorded in this office on the 29tb
day of January, 1917, and d'o Hereby
Certify the same to be a correct
transcript therefrom and ot the whole
thereof.
WITNESS my baud and the seal of
otiice of the Secretary of State, at the
City of Albany, this thirteenth day of
February, one thousand nine hundred
and seventeen.
C. W. TAFT.
Sccoud Deputy Secretary of State.
(Seal)
FRANCIS M. HUGO.
Endorsed :
Filed and recorded January 29, 1917.
Secretary f State.
STATE OF ARIZONA
Office of
ARIZONA CORPORATION
MISSION
COM.
United Staffs of America. )
) ss.
State of Arizona. )
The Arizona Corporation Commis
sion does hcr-l'v certify thai the an
nexed is a true, and complete trans
cript of the
AUTK'LKS OF INCORPORATION
: RIVAL MINING COMPANY
which were filed in the office of said
Anona Corporation Commission on
the I llli day of March A. 1). 1917, al
'1n:on ocloi-k it. m., as proidcd bj
. .
lArioim Corporation Commission ou
t
law-
lii Testimony Whereof, (lie Arizona
Corporatiou Commission, by its Cluiir-
man, has hereunto set its hand and
affixed Its Official Seal. Done at the
City of Phoenix, the Capital, this
14th day of March, A. D., 1917.
(Seal)
ARIZONA CORPORATION
COMMISSION
F. A. JONES.
Chairman.
At-st:
W. N. SANGSTER,
Secretary.
ARTICLES' OF INCORPORATION
OF
RIVAL MINING COMPANY
KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE
PRESENTS: That we, the under
signed, have this day associated our
selves together for the purpose of
forming a corporation under and pur
suant to the laws of the State of Ari
zona, and for that purpose do hereby
adopt Articles of Incorporation as
follows: "
Article 1.
The name of this corporation shall
b? RIVAL MINING COMPANY.
Article II.
The principal place of business of
this corporation within the State of
Arizona, shall be at Bisbee, Arizona,
tnd such other places as the Board
if Directors may determine, where
neetings of directors may be held
ind all business transacted.
Article III.
The nature of the business and the
objects and purposes proposed to be
transacted, promoted and carried on
ire to do any or all the things herein
mentioned, as fully and to the same
extent as natural persons might or
could do and in any part of the world,
viz:
To acquire by purchase, grant, con
cession, location, or any other lawful
means, mines, mining claims, mining
rights and minerals; water rights,
water ditches and canals, power
plants, and pipe lines; and to buy,
sell, exchange, lease, operate and deal
;n the same, and to conduct all busi
ness appurtenant thereto; to carry on
the business of mining, milling, con
tracting, converting, smelting, reduc
ing, treating, preparing for market,
manufacturing, buying, selling, ex
changing and otherwise producing
tnd dealing In gold, silver, lead, cop
er, zinc, braes. Iron, steel, and in
ires, metals and minerals.- and in the
roducts nnd by-products thereof, of
rvery kind and description, and by
vhatsoever process the same can be
r may hereafter be produced, and
Tenera!ly and without limit as to
iniount; to own. construct, operate
tnd maintain mines, mills, reduction
plants and smelters, and any and all
kinds of plants, apparatus, equipment
and facilities incident to the success-
'ul transaction and conduct of the
business and operations hereinbefore
mentioned.
To take, own, hold, deal in, mort
gage or otherwise lien, and to lease.
sell, exchange, transfer, or in any
manner whatever dispose of real
oroperty, within or without the State
of Arizona, wherever situated.
To manufacture, purchase, or ac
quire in any lawful manner, and to
hold, own, mortgage, pledge, sell,
transfer, or in any manner dispose of.
and to deal and trade in goods, wares,
merchandise and property of any and
ever' class and description, and in
iny part of the world.
To acquire the good will, rights and
iroperty, and to undertake the whole
r any part of the assets or liabilities
if any person, firm, association or
corporation; to pay for the same io
cash, the stock of this company,
bonds or otherwise; to bold or io any
manner to dispose of the whole or any
aart of the property so purchased: to
conduct in any lawful manner the
wbolo or any part of the business so
acquired and to exercise all the pow
ais necessary or convenient in and
ibout the conduct and management
3f such business.
To apply for, purchase, or in any
uianuer to acquire, and to hold, awn.
us and operate, or to sell or in any
manner dispose of, and to grant li
cense or otherwise, in respect of, and
!n any manner deal with, any aud all
rights. Inventions. Improvements and
iroresses used in connection with or
secured under letters patent or copy,
rights of the United States or other
-ountries, or otherwise; and to work,
operate or develop the same, and to
carry on- any business, manufactur
ing or otherwise, which may be
deemed to directly or indirectly ef
fectuate these objects or auy of them.
To guarantee, purchase, hold. sell,
assign, transfer, mortgage, pledge, or
otherwise dispose of, the. shares of
the capital stock of, or any bonds,
securities or evidences of Indebted
ness Issued or created by any other
corporation or corporations of this
state or any other state, country, na
tion or government, and while owner
of said stock may exercise all the
rights, powers and 'privileges of ow n
ership. Including the right to voto
thereon, to the same extent as natur
al persons might or could do.
To enter into, ninke and perform
lout rails cd every kind with any per
son, firm. assoVjaijou nr corporation,
municipality, body jMiliiic, count,
territory, stale, go eminent, or colo
ny or dependency thereof, and with
out limit its lu amount to draw, make,
accept, endorse, discount, execute and
issue promissory notes, drafts, bills ot
exchange, win rants, bonds, debent
ures and other negotiable or transfer
able instruments ard ewdences of in
debtedness whether secured by mort
gage, or otherwise, so far as may bo
permitted by the lawM of the Slate of
Arizona.
To put chase, hold, rancel and reis
sue the shares of its capital stock.
To do any or all of the things here
in set forth, to the same extent as
natural persons might or could do,
and in any part of the world, as prin
cipals, agents, contractors, trustees,
or otherwise, and either alone or in
company with others
IN" GENERAL to carry on any oth
er business in connection therewith,
whether manufacturing or otherwise,
not contrary to the laws of the State
of Arizona, and with all the powers
conferred upon corporations by the
laws of the State of Arizona.
Article IV.
The authorized amount of capital
stock of this corporation shall be
Five Hundred Thousand ($300,000.00)
Dollars, divided into Five Hundred
Thousand (500,000) shares of the par
value of One ($L00) Dollar each. At
such times as the board of Directors
may by resolution direct, said capital
stock shall be paid Into this corpora
tion either la cash or by the sale and
transfer to il of real or personal prop
erty, contracts, services, or any other
valuable right or thing for the nse
and purposes of said corporation, in
payment for which, shares of the cap
ital stock of s:.id corporation may be
issued and the capital stock so isstied
shall thereupon and thereby become
and be fully paid up and non-assessable
forever and the judgement of the
directors as to the value of the prop
erty purchased shall be conclusive.
Article V.
The time of the commencement of
this corporation shall be the date of
the filing of these Articles of Incor
poration, as provided by law and the
receipts of a certificate of incorpora
tion, and the termination thereof shall
be twenty-five (23) years thereafter,
w-ith the privilege of renewal as pro
vided by law.
Article VI.
The affairs of this corporation shall
beconducted by a Board of Directors,
and such officers as the directors may
elect or appoint, and the following
1 named shall constitute the Board of
Directors, until their successors are
j elected and have qualified:
"""c i iace oi jtesiaence.
John Mason Ross, Warren, Ariz.
Arthur Notman. Warren, Ariz.
Ralph A. Zieseraer Bisbe Ariz.
Hubert H. d'Autremont. V."arren. Aria
Lester Budrow. Douglas. Aril.
SI. J. Cunningham, Bisbee," Ariz.
Robert Rae. Douglas. Ariz.
William H. Brophy. Bisbee. Ariz.
Franklin Wheaton Smith, Bisbee. Ariz
Thereafter the Board of Directors
shall be elected from among the stock
holders at the annual stockholders'
meeting to be held on the first Mon
day of March of each year.
Article VII.
The highest amount of indebted
ness or liability, direct or contingent,
to which this corporation shall be
subject at any one time shall b? Two
ITundred Thousand ($200,000.00) Dol
lars. Article VIII.
The private property of the stock
holders and officers of the corpora
tion shall be exempt from all corpor
ate debts of any kind whatsoever.
Article IX.
The names, residence and postof
flee addresses of the corporator are:
Franklin Wheaton Smith. Bisbee.
Arizona: P. O. Address, Bisbee, Ari
zona. Ralph A. Ziesemer, Bisbee. Arizo
na; P. O. Address. BUbee Arizona.
Hubert H. d'Autremont. Warren.
Arizona: P. O. Address. Bisbee, Ari
zona. IN WITNESS WHEREOF we have
hereunto set our bands aod seals this
13th day of March. A. D. 1917.
FRANKLIN WHEATON SMITH
RALrtf A. ZIESEMER
HUBERT H. d'AUTREMONT.
STATE OF ARIZONA. )
) ss.
COUNTY OF COCHISE.)
Tublic. In and for th State and Coun
ty aforesaid, on this l."th day of
March. A. D. 1917, personally ap
peared Franklin Wheaton Smith.
Ralph A. Ziesemer and Hubert H. d'
Autremont. known to me to be th
persons whose names are subscribed
to the foregoing Articles of Incorpor
ated and they acknowledged to mn
that they executed the same for the
purposes and consideration therein
expressed.
Given under my band and seal of
office this 13th day of March. A. D.
1917.
JEAN BOYD.
Notary public. Cochise
County. Arizona. My .
Commissiou Expires
February IS. 1920.
I NOTARY SKAL)
Filed in the ofice of the Arizoua,
Corporation Comioissiou this T'Uh day .
ot March. A. D. 1917. at 1":0 a. m.
at request of KNAI'P & D'AUTRE
MONT, w boso post office address Is '.
Bisbee. Arizona.
ARIZONA CORPORATION"
COMMISSION.
P.y F. A. JONES.
Chairman.
Filed aud recorded at rvqu-st of.
KNAI'P D'AUTREMONT.
Slate of Arizona. County of Coebise.
I. Ray It. Krebs. County Itworder in
and for the County and State afore
said, do hereby certify that the with
in instrument was tiled for record at
1 p. ni., on this 17tb day of March.
1917, and duly recorded in Book No.
7, of Incorporation records of Cocbis-j
County, Arizona, at pages 290-1-2-3.
Witness my baud and ofticial seal
tho day and year first above writu-u.
RAY B. KREl'.S.
Couuty Recorder. SIX
fHE BISBEE DAILl REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MARCH 25, 1917.
LEGAL NOTICES
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the Interior,
lT. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Ari
zona. March 19. S17.
NOTICE Is hereby given that A.
Willard Eddy, of Hereford. Ariz., who,
on February 20. 1913. made Homestead
Entry, No. 02136S.C for the XW V4 of.
Section 10, Township 23 S., nance 21
East, O. and S. R. Meridian, has filed
notice of intention to make final threw
year Proof, to establish claim to the
land above described, before Jared D.
Taylor, U. S. Commissioner, at Bis
bee, Arizona, on tlie 15th day of May,
1917.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Ceorpe V. Allwood. Clarence D. T.e
Sueur. John K. Nr-lson.t Millard S
Osgood, all of i
j. i.imviY.
r Register.
First publication March il, 1917.
Last publication April 21 1917.
NOTICE FOR. PUBLICATION.
Department of the Interior,
U. S. 1-and Office at Plioeiiix, Ari
zona. March 19, 1917.
NOTICE is hereby given that Frank
S. Merlanis. of Hereford, Ariz., who.
on August 31. 1910. made Homestead
Entry, No. O12006,for the XWU of,
Sertion 23. Township 23 S," Range 22
Eat O. and S. R. Meridian, has filed
notice of intention ro make final five
year Proof, to establish claim to the
land above described, before Jared D.
Taylor, IT. S. Commissioner, at Bis
bee. Ariz., on the 14th day of May,
1917.
Claimant names as witnesses:
William A. White, Jacob C Baker.
Charles A. Stevens, Robert Arborn, all
of Hereford, Ariz.
J. L. IRVIN.
; Register.
First publication March .22, 1917.
Last publication April 22. 1917.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior,
F. S. Land Office at Phoenix. Ari
zone, Ma,rch 19. 1917.
NOTICE is hereby given that Garrit
Witvoet, of Hereford. Ariz., who. on
Fobnisry 28. 1913. made H. E. 021452
for S SWU. section 25. and S'4.
SE1,;. section 26. and on November 7,
1914. made Additional Hd. Entry. N.
02i017.for Uie SEi of. Section 2",
TownshiD 22 S.. Range 21 East. G.
and S. R. Meridian, has filed notice
of intention to make final three year
Proof, to establish claim to the land
above described, before Jared D. Tay
lor. lT. S. Commissioner, at Bisbee,
Ariz., On the 15th day of May. 1917.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Jacob J. Karlan. William A. Lvth.
John L. Parker. Gilbert J. Perry, all of
Hereford, Ariz.
' J . L. IRVIN,
Register.
First publication March 22, 1917.
Last publication April 22;"1917.
CERTIFICATE OF INCREASE OF
CAPITAL STOCK, COPPER
QUEEN CONSOLIDATED
MINING COMPANY
We. the undersigned, being stock
holders of Copper Queen Consolidated
Mining Company, a stock corporation
organized and existing under the laws
of the State of New York, do hereby
consent that the present authorized
rapital stock of such corporation, to
wit. Two million dollars ($2,000,000),
consisting of twenty thVmsand share.?
of the par value of One hundred dol
lars each, be Increased to Fifty Mil
lion Dollars (50.000.000), to consist of
five hundred thousand Rhares of the
par value of One hundred dollars
each: and do hereby authorize such
increase of capital stock, and empower
the officers of the corporation to do
all acts and things necessary to ef
fectuate such increase of capital stock.
And we do hereby certify as fol
lows: That the amount of capital of said
corporation heretofore authorized is
Two million dollars ($2.000,000) :
That the portion thereof actually is
sued is Two Million dollars ($2,000.
000). That the amount of the Increased
capital stock is Fifty million dollars
($50,000,000).
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, we have
signed this instrument in duplicate.
Dated this 8th day of February,
1917.
PHELPS. DODGE & CO. INC.
By A. C. JAMES.
Vice-President
JAMES DOUGLAS.'
C. II. DODGE.
ARTHUR CURTISS JAMES.
(Corporate Seal)
Attest:
GEORGE NOTMAN.
Secretary.
JAMES McLEAN,
WM. CHURCH OSBORN,
E. HAYWARD FERRY,
GEORGE, NOTMAN.
State of New YOrk )
) ss.
County of New York )
On the 8th day of February, 1917.
before me personally came Arthur
Curtiss James to me known, mho, be
ing by me duly sworn, did depose
and say, that he resides In the City,
County and State of New York: that
he is the Vice President of Phelps,
Dodge & Co.. Inc., the corporation de
scribed in and which executed the
above instrument; that he knows the
seal of said corporation: that the seal
affixed to said instruments is such cor
porate seal: that it was so oBixed by
order of the board of directors or said
corporation, and that he signed his
name thereto by like order.
F. K. CAMERON,
Notary Public, Kings Co. No. 16.
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
! Certificate filed in Register's Office
No. SO 3.
I Certificate filed in New York Co.
' No. 20.
New York CO. Register's Certificate
No. 8029.
My term expires March, 20, 1918.
(Seal) '
; State or New York )
i ) ss-
! County of Bronx )
On this day of February, 1917,
before me personally came James
Douglas, to me known and known to
me to be one of the individuals de
scribed in and who executed the fore
going Instrument nnd he duly acknow
leged to me that he executed the
! same.
EDWARD C. HOOKER.
Notary Public, Bronx Co. No. 29.
Certificate filed in Register's Office
No. 703.
j Certificate filed In New York Co.
No. 23.
New York Co. Register's Certificate
i No: 7054.
I (Seal)
Slate of New York )
) ss.
County of New YOrk )
On this Sth day of February. 1917.
i before me personally came Cleveland
H. Dodge. Arthur Curtiss James,
James McLean, William Church Os
; born, E. Hay ward Ferry and George
I Notman. to me known and known to
. me to be the Individuals described in
'and who executed the foregoing in
strument and they duly acknowledged
' to me that they executed the same,
j F. K. CAMERON,
i Notary Public, Kings Co. No. 16.
' Certificate filed in Register's Office
; No. 8013.
j Certificate filed in New York Co.
.No. 26. ' !
New York Co. Register's Certificate
No. 8029.
My term expires March 30, 1918.
(Seal)
State of New York )
- ) ss.
County of New York )
GEORGE NOTMAN, being duly
sworn, deposes and says that he is
the Secretary and Treasurer of Cop
Iper Queen Consolidated Mining Com-
pnny. the corporation mentioned in
! the foregoing instrument: that he Is
j the custodian of the stock book con
; taining the names of the stockholders
!of such corporation; that Phelps,
DOdge & Co.. Inc.. James Douglas,
Cleveland H. Dodge, Arthur Curtiss
James. James McLean. William Church
Osborn, E. Hayward Ferry and George
Notman, the persons and corporation
who have ' signed the foregoing in
strument; are all the stockholders of
such corporation and that they are the
holders of recOrd of the entire capital
i stock of said corporation issued and
(Outstanding.
GEORGE NOTMAN
I Sworn to before' me this 8th day of
February, 1917.
F. K. CAMERON.
Notary Public, Kings Co. No. 16.
Certificate filed in Register's Office
No. 8013.
Certificate filed In New York Co.
No. 26.
New YOrk Co. Register's Certificate
No. 8029.
My term expires March 30, 1918.
(Seal)
State of New York )
) ss.
Office or the Secretary of State )
I have compared the preceding with
the original Certificate to Increase
the Canital Stock of Copper Queen
Consolidated Mining Company, filed
and recorded In this office on the 13th
dav of March, 1917. end do TIERERY
CERTIFY the same to be a correct
transcript therefrom and of the whole
' thereof.
I WITNESS tut hand and the seal of
'office of the SECRETARY OF STATE.
at the City or Albany, this thirteenth
dav of March, one thousand nine hun
'dred and seventeen.
j "C. W. TAFT."
Second Denutv Secretary of State.
(Official Seal) "
j Endorsed:
j Filpd and recorded March 13. 1917.
"FRANCIS M. HUGO."
Secretary of State.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior
Tf. S. LAND OFFICE at Phoenix.
Arlrona. Feb. 10. 1917.
Notice is hereby given that Roy
Pve. n' Hereford. Arizona, who. on
AnrP 30. 1912. made Homestead En
trv. No. 0175R4. for NEU. Section 12.
Townshtn 23S . Ranee 21E.. G. S.
R. Meridian has tiled notice of inten
tion to make Three Year Final Proof,
to establish claim to the land above
described, before Jared D. Taylor. TT.
S. Commissioner, at RiFbee. Arizona,
on the ?9h day of March. 1917.
Claimant names an witnesses:
Flnv Snerow. Sherman .T. Reals. John
Findlay. and George W. Longley, all
of Hereford, Arizona.
J. L. TRVIN. Reeister.
First Publication Feb. l.t. 1917.
Last Publication March 29. 1917.
No. 033583
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR
U. S. PATENT.
Mineral Survey No. 3195.
March 17. 1917.
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that
Robert Hennesey, whose postoffice ad
dress Is Bisbee, Arizona, on behalf of
himself and co-owners, I. Jacobson and
Emil Marks, whose post-office ad
dresses are the same place, has made
application for a patent for the follow
ing lode mining; claim, situated in the
Warren Mining District. Cochise
County. State of Arizona, in Sections
7 and 18, unsurveyed. T. 23 S.. R. 24
E., G. & S. R. B. & M., w'uich claim
is described as follows:
UMPIRE No. 1 Beginning at Cor.
No. 1, the S. W. Cor.; whence the V4
Cor. between Sees. 19 and 30, T. 23 S.,
H. 21 E., (i. & S. R. B. M., hrs.
S. 3 02' K. 91I04.9 ft; them e N.
36 57' W. 1410.80 ft. to Cor. No. 2,
the N. W. Cor.: thence N. 59 36
E. 597.80 ft. to Cor. No. 3, the N. E.
Cor.; thence S. 37 02' E. 1441.10
ft. to Cor. No. 4, the S. K. Cor.;
thence S. 59' 36' W. 600.00 ft. to
Cor. No. 1, the place of beginning.
Total and net area of said claim is
19.680 acres.
The original location notice of said
Umpire No. 1 claim is recorded in the
County Recorder's office. Cochise
County, Arizona, in Book 49, Records
of Mines, at page 382; and the amend
ed location notice of said claim is
recorded in said County Recorder's
office in Book 53, Records of Mines,
at page 621. ' i
Adjoining claims: North El Paso
lode, unsurveyed, owned by I. Jacob
son and Chas. Rambo; East, Madero
No. 1 lode, nnsurveyed, owned by R".
Hennesey, C. II. HOwe and Chas.
Rambo, Wedge lode, unsurveyed,
owned by D. W. Art; South,
Panama lode, unsurveyed, owned
by Lee Jovanovich and II. W.
Clarkson, New York lode, unsurveyed,
owned by Chas. Rambo and W. A.
Dell; West, Umpire lode, unsurveyed.
owned by I. Jacobson, Chas. Rambo
and E. Johnson, Bull Moose Ride, un
surveyed, owned by Chas. Rambo and
Lee Jovanovich.
J. L. IRVIN,
Register.
First publication March 20. 1917.
Last publication May 30, 1917.
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE
STATE OF ARIZONA, IN AND
FOR THE COUNTY OF
COCHISE.
In the Matter of the Estate of George
Edgar Hawkins, a Minor.
NOTICE OF GUARDIAN'S SALE OF
REAL ESTATE.
Notice Is hereby given, that in pur
suance of an order of the Superior
Court of the State of Arigona, in and
for the county tf Cochise, made on
March 10, 1917. In the matter of the
guardianship of the-estate. of George
Edgar Hawkins, a minor, the under
signed guardian of said estate will
sell at private sale, in one parcel, to
the highest bidder, upon the terms
and conditions hereinafter mentioned,
and subject to confirmation by the
said Court, on tor after Saturday. March
31st. 1917. all the right title, interest
and estate of said George Edgar Haw
kins, a minor. In and to the follow
ing described real estate: 1
An undivided Thirteen Forty
eights (13-48) interest in and to
the Little Casino Lode Mining
Claim, situated in the Warren
Mining District, in Cochise Coun
ty. State of Arizona, the location
notice Of which Is of record in the
Office of the Countv Recorder of
said County and State. In Book 30.
Records of Mines, at page 146
thereof, and the United States
patent for which is of record In
the Office of the County Recorder,
in Bdhk 22. Deeds of Mines, at
page 250 thereof.
The terms and conditions of said
sale are as follows: Cash In lawful
money of the United States of Amer
ica. AH bids or offers must be in writing
nnd mav be left at the Office of R. A
Bretherton. Guardian of the aforesaid
estate, in the Jack Building, situated
on Main Street in the city M Bisbee,
Countv of Cochise, Sate of Ariswma.
or said bids mav be filed in the Office
of the Clerk of the aroresaid Court
nnd all bids shall he filed after the
first publication of this notice and be
fore the time for making said sale.
Dated this 10th. dav or Vnrrh. 1917.
R. A. BRETHERTON.
Guardian of the estate or George
Edgar Hawkins, a minor.
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE
STATE OF ARIZONA. IN AND
. FOR THE COUNTY OF
COCHISE.
In the Matter of the Guardianship of
the Persons and Estates or Ellen
Cunningham. Mary 1. Cunningham,
Florence Cunningham, M. J. Cun-
' ningham. Jr., Francis Cunningham.
and William Cunningham. Minora.
NOTICE OF SALE OF REAL "ESTATE
Notice Is hereby given, that in pur
suance or an order of the Superior
Court of the. State of Arizona, i nnd
for the Countv of Cochise, made ana
entered on March 10. 1917. In the mat
ter of the guardianship of the persons
and estates or Ellen cunmngnam.
Mary I. Cunningham. Florence Cun
ningham, M. J. Cunningham. Jr., Fran
ce - Cunningham and William Cun
ningham, Minors, the, undersigned
guardian of said per ma and estates
will sell at private sale In one parcel,
in tha highest bidder, upon the terms
and conditions hereinafter mentioned,
and Fubject to confirmation by the
said Court, on or after Saturday,
March 31st. 1917, all the rights, titles.
interests nnd estates of the said Ellen
Cunningham. Mary I. Cunningham,
orence Cunningham, M. J. Cunning
ham. Jr.. Francis Cunningham and
William Cunningham, Minors. In and
t the following described real estate.
An undivided one-half () in
terest in the surface only, with a
depth or 40 feet immediatelv be
neath the surface of Lot 601. of
fnraM of cmnterfeiU
; nCATARRH;
, :( Sr)!i$Sr I BellsTBd la
1 ll vlflllnw24. Hours ;
Z V' V .uie bemra the (mIOY) ?
-aa, iuuay i '
( fnraiw cfcnunlrrfeiU
Block 9. in the Townsite Of War
ren, Cochise County, Arizona, ac
cording to the map or said Town
site of record in the office of the
County Recorder of said County
in Book 1 of Maps, at pages 106-110
thereof, together with the tene
ments, hereditaments and appur
tenances thereunto belonging or in
any wise appertaining, not includ
ing however, any of said premises
at a greater depth than 40 feet
immediately beneath the surface,
nor any right of lateral or subja
cent support and being subject
also to all those certain conditions
and covenants set forth and con
tained in the deed of Warren Com
pany to M. J. Cunningham bear
ing date the 15th. day of January,
1907. and duly recorded on the
11th. day of February, 1907. In the
office of said County Recorder in
Book 38 of Deeds of Real Estate,
at pages 1014 thereof;
An undivided one-halt In
terest in the surface only, with a
depth of 40 feet immediately be
neath the surface of Lot 603 of
block 9. In the Township or War
ren, Cochise County, Arizona, ac
cording to the map or said Town
site Of record in the office ot the
County Recorder of said County
in Book 1 of Maps, at pages 106
110 thereof, together with the
tenements, hereditaments and ap
purtenances thereunto belonging
or in any wise' appertaining, not
Including however, any of said
premises at a greater depth than
40. feet immediately beneath the
surface, nor any right of lateral or
subjacent support and being sub
ject also to all those certain con
ditions and covenants set forth
and contained in the deed of War
ren Company to M. J. Cunning
ham bearing date the ltha. day of
January. 1917, and duly recorded
on the 11th. day of February, 1907.
in the office of said County Rec
order in Pook 38 of Deeds of Real
Estate, at pages 10-14 thereof.
The terms and,, conditions of said
. o Mini..
Cash in lawful money of the United
States of America.
All bids must be in writing and may
be left in the Law Offices ot Ellin-
wood and Ross, in the City of Bisbee
County of Cochise, State or Arizona
wht are attorneys for1 said Guardian
or said bids may be lett with the un
dersigned Guardian, whose place of ;
business is at the Bank of Bisbee. j
State of Arizona, or said bids may be i
filed In the office of the Clerk of the
aforesaid Court and ail bids shall be,
filed after the first publication of this
notice, and before the time for making j
said sale.
Dated this 10th. dav or March. 1917. : ner, whence the N. W. corner of Sec
M. J. CUNNINGHAM. j tion 30, T. 23-S. R, 25-E., G. & S. R B.
Guardian W the persons and estates ;& jr. bears N. 87 58' E. 827.8 feet;
of Ellen Cunningham. Mary I." Cun-i thence S. 59 01' E. 1500 feet t ctor-
ningham. Florence Cunningham. M. J.
Cunningham. Jr, Francis Cunning
ham and William Cunningham, Minors.
NOTICE OF APPLICATION
U. S. PATENT.
FOR
Mineral Survey No. 3268.
Serial No. 031346.
Feb. 10. 1917.
In the United States Land Office.
Phoenix. Arizona.
Khtice is hereby given that Baptist
Caretto, owner of an undivided one-)59' 01' E. 654.50 feet to comer No.
half Interest Allen D. Fair, owner of. 2: thence S. 5 44' W. 1500 feet to
an undivided one-quarter interest and
Ralph A. Ziesemer, owner of an un
divided one-ouarter Interest, whose
, j, - ntoKsA irl.iv i nlaoo nf hepinnlnr. eon-
posiomce Mure ..
nn have made aonlication lor paiem
;. - . . . ,,'
for uie IOirowing nameu iwir iiuiiii'icaicsdi ...a. - --
claims, situated' In the Warren Mln -
Ing District Cochise County. Arizona.
In Section 19 and 30. Townsh'p 23-S,
Range 25-E. and unsurveyed. Section
24 nnd 25. Townshln 23-S. Kane 24 K
G. & S. R. B. & M.. described as fol
lows, to-wit:
"BELLE MONTE" Begining at cor
ner No. 1. the N. E. Comer, whence
the W. V Corner of Section 19. T. 23-S.
R. 25-E, G. & S. R. B. & M. bears N.
59 48' E. 1968.9 feet; thence S. 29
48' W. 70.70 feet to corner No. 2:
thence N. 72 05' W. 1524.80 feet to
corner No. 3: thence N. 29 48' E,
538.40 feet to corner No. 4: thence S
R4 19' E, 1500 feet to corner NO. l.iai corner xo. i, me in. w. corner,
the place of beginning, containing a (Whence the W. U Corner of Section
net area or 6.763 acres, expressly ex-! 19. T. 23-S. R. 25 EL. G. & S. R. B. & M.
eluding area in conflict with Survey ' bears N. 86 20' W. 1461.4 feet;
k 9390. Hich Fiver lode, of 3.669 thence S. 59 01' E. 662.00 feet to
rp.
"GREEN LEAF NO. 2" Beginning
at corner No. 1. the N. E. Ctorner.
whence the W. Corner of Section
19. T. 23-S. R. 25-E. G. & S. R. B. & M-.
bears Ni 30 38' E. 279.4 feet; thence
South, 603.40 feet to corner No. 2:
thence N. 83 46' W. 1500 feet to cor
ner No. 3: thence North. 603.40 feet
to corner No. 4; thence S. 83 46' E.
1500 feet to corner No. 1. the place
tf beginning, containing a net area ot
18.267 acres, expressly excluding area
In conflict with Survey No. 2256 Osce
ola lode, or 0.448 acres, and with Snr
vey No. 3180 O OM Paul lode, or 1.272
acres, and with Green Lear No. 3. of
0.668 acres.
"MARCONI" Beginning at Corner
No. 1. the N. E. corner, whence the
W M Corner of Section 19. T. 23-S.
R. 25-E. G. & S. R. B. ti M. bears N.
9 35' E. 855.7 feet: thence South.
555.90 feet to corner No. 2; thence N.
72 47' W. 359.80 feet to corner No. 3;
thence N. 65 59' W. 771.50 feet to
corner No. 4; thence North. 250 feet
to corner No. 5; thence S. 83 46' E.
1054.70 feet to corner No. 1, the place
of beginning, containing a net area
of 7.701 acres, expressly excluding
area In conflict with Green Leaf No.
3. tof 2.022 acres, and Bar Bullion, of
0.353 acres.
"GREEN LEAF NO. 3" Beginning
at corner No. 1. the S. E. Corner,
whence the N. W. Corner of Section
30, T. 23 S, R. 25 E. G. S. R. B. & M.
bears S. 41" 02' E. 1118.8 feet; thence
No. 51 20' 1279.00 feet to Corner
No. 2; thence N. 29 48' E. 600 feet
to corner No. 3; thence S. 51 20' E.
1279.00 feet to corner No. 4; thence
S. 29 48' W. COO feet to corner No.
1, the place tt beginning, containing
a net area of 12.158 acres, expressly
excluding area in conflict with Sur
vey No. 3173, Morning Star lode, of
0.427 acres, with Bar Bullion, of 0.401
acres, and with Mineral Farm No. 1,
of 4.420 acres.
"MINERAL FARM NO. 1." Begin-,
ning at corner No. 1, the N. E. Corner,
j whence the N. W, Corner of Section i Shoe lode, unsurveyed claims, clalci3
1 30. T. 23-S. R. 25-E.. G. & S. R. B. & M. and claimants unknown,
'bears S. 46 16' E. 762.2 feet; thence I On the East: Unsurveyed claims,
S. 26 26' W. 719.00 feet to corner j claims and claimants unknown. Lit
jSo. 2; thence N. 30 06' W. 1482.60 j tie Dandy and Garibaldi Rides, unsur
'feet ro corner No. 3; thence N. 26 veyed.
j 26 E. 719.00 feet to corner No. 4; On the South: Victor, unsurveyed.
'thence S. 30 06' K 1482.60 feet to Survey No. 3174. William Penn lode.
corner No. 1, the place of beginning,'
' containing a net area of 15.781 acres,
'expressly excluding area In conflict
with Bar Bullion, or 4.C34 acres.
"GREEN LEAF NO. 1." Beginning
at corner No. 1, the N. W. Corner,
whence the W. corner of Section
' 19, T. 23-S. R. 25-E. G. & S. R. B. & M.
'bears No. 30' 38' E. 279.4 feet; thence
! S. 83 46' E. 603.40 feet to corner
I No. 2; thence South, l-i.OO feet to
j corner No. 3; thence N. 83 46' W.
'603.40 feet to corner No. 4; thence
vnrth 1454 oo feet to corner No. 1. the
I place or beginning, containing a net;
area or 20.022 acres.
I
"BAR BULLION". Beginning at cor
, ner No. 1, the S. E. corner, whence
'the S. W. Corner tf Section 19. T.
;23-S. R. 25-E.. G. & S. R. B. & M.
'bears N. 70 26' E. 584.3 feet; thence
!n. 59 01' W. 600 feet to Corner -'o.
1 2; thence N. 24 20' E. 1500 feet to
'corner No. 3; thence S. 59 01' E.
600 feet to corner No. 4; thence
S.
!24 20' W. 1500 feet to corner No. 1.
jthe place of beginning, contaiiing a
: net area of 19.472 acres, expressly ex
' eluding area in conflict with Green
f No 1. W 0.970 acres; and with
Survey No. 3171. William Teun lode.
t
'M -00 cres.
TRILBY". Beginning aj corner No.
1, the S. E. Corner, whence the N. W.
Corner of Section 30, T. 23-S. R. 25-E..
G. & S. R. B. & M. bears N. 4 6' E.
505 J feet; thence N. 59 01' W. 600
feet to corner No. 2; thence N. 24 20'
E. 1500 feet to corner No. 3: thence
S. 59 01' E, 600 feet to corner M.
4; thence S. 2t 20' W. 1500 feet to
corner No. 1, the place of beginning,
containing a net area of 19.463 acres,
expressly excluding area In conflict
with Green Leaf No. 1. of 1.059 acres,
"MINERAL . FARM NO. 2" Begin-
ining at corner No. 1, the N. W. Cor-j
ner No.2: thfnce S. 85 82' 30" W.
296.00 feet to corner No. 3; thence N.jto mpfP!t nn bounds by the official
68 31' W. 1498.50 feet to corner No.
4; thence N. 25 32' 30 E. 446.70
feet to corner No. 5: thepce N. 26
26' E. 97.70 feet to corner No. 1, the
place of beginning, containing a net
area of 14.419 acres.
"MIDWAY NO. 1". Beglnnin at cor
ner NU 1. the N. W. corner, whence
the W. 4 corner of Section IS, T.
23-S. R. 25-E.. G. & S. R. B. & M. bears
j S. 29 26' W. 670.9 feet
thence S.
v- n . i.on.o "M r.Q 1 ' W.-
654.50 feet to corner No. 4; thence N.
5 44' E., 1500 feet to corner!
" ;
lainine i u ara -ui
i;, In conflict
jWlth Survey No. 2455, Burro fenoe
lode of 1.405 acres, and with Green
Leaf Nt. 1. of 4.005 acres.
"MIDWAY NO. 2." Beginning at
corner No. 1. the N. W. corner, whence
the W. V Corner of Section 19. T.
23-S. R. 25-E.. G. & S. R. B. & M.
Bears S. 74 29' W. 924.6 feet: thence
S. 59 01' E. 662.00 feet to corner No.
2: thence S. 5 44' W. 1500 feet to
corner No. 3; thence N. 59 01' W.
662.00 feet to corner No. 4: thence
N. 5 44' E. 1500 feet to corner No.
1, the place tof beginning, containing
a net area of 20.618 acres.
"CASH ENTRY NO. 2". Beginning
I corner No. 2; thence S. 5 44
W. 1500
i feet to corner No. 3; thence
N. 59
01' W. 662.00 feet ro corner No. 4:
thence N. 5 44' E. 1500 feet to corner
No. 1, the place of beginning, contain
ing a net area of 20.618 acres.
"CASH ENTRY NO. 1." Beginning
at corner No. 1. the S. W. Corner,
whence the S. W. Corner of Section
19, T. 23-S. R. 25-E.. G. & S. R. B. &
M., bears S. 26 16' W. 1042.3 feet;
thence North 685.10 feet to corner
No. 2; thence S. 5!-' 01' E. 1500 feet
to corner No. 3: thence Sbuth, 685.10
feet to corner No. 4: thence N. 59
01' W. 1500 feet to corner No. 1. the
place of beginning, containing a net
area of 20.226 acres.
The location notices or these claims
are recorded In the office of the County
Recorder of Cochise County, Arizona,
as follows:
Bar Bullion, Recorded In Book 52.
Record of Mines, page 131.
Belle Monte, Recorded in Botk 52,
Record of Mines, page 137.
Cash Entry No. 1, Recorded In Book
52, Record or Mines, page 139.
Cash Entry No. 2., Recorded In BotiV
54. Record or Mines, page 286.
Green Lear No. 1. Recorded In Book
52, Record of Mines, page 132.
Green Leaf No. 2, Recorded In Book
52. Record of Mines, page 133.
Green Leaf No. 3, Recorded In Btiok
52. Record of Mines, page 134.
Trilby, Recorded in Book 52, Rec-
ord of Mines, paee 130.
Mineral Farm No. 1, Recorded in
Book 52, Record of Mines, page 12.
Mineral Farm No. 2, Recorded in
Book 52, Record of Mines, page 129
Midway No. 1, Recorded in Book
52. Record of Mines, page 135.
Midway No. 2, Recorded in Book
52, Record of Mines, page 136.
Marconi, Recorded in Book 2, Rec-
lordjf Mines, page 133.
The names of the adjoining claims
of this survey are: On the North:
Survey No. 31S0, O OM Taul lode,
Survey No. 2256. Osceola lode. Survey
No. 2455. Jack Robinson lode and Burro
Survey No. 2023. Grover lode. Survey
No. 3173, Morning Star lode. Survey
No. 22S0 Omega lode.
On the West: Survey No. 2390. High
Flyer lode and .ret House lode.
J. L. IRVIN,
Register.
First publication Feb. 13, 1917.
Last publication April 26. 1317.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interiol
TJ. S. LAND OFFICE at Phoenix.
, Arizona. Feb. 10. 1917.
Xotif ls hereby given that W. Jac
j ob McAllister, of Buena. Arizona, who.
on Feb. 4. 1913, made Homestead En
try No. 021106." for SE'-i. Section 6,
Township 22S., Range 21E.. G. & S. R.
Meridian, has filed notice of intention
to make Three Year Final Proof, to
establish claim to the land above de
secribed. before Jared D. Taylor. U.
S. Commissioner, nt Bisbee, Arizona.
Ion the 29th d;iy of March, 1917.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Ed. Bryan, Cassius R. Knoles. Paul
II. Knoles, Oliver Fry, all of Buena,
Arizona.
J. L. IRVIN. Register.
First Publication Feb. 13. 1917.
Last Publication Mp'"h 29. 1917.
IN THE UNITED STATES IJVND
OFFICE,
rhoiyiix. Arizona, Feb. 10. 1917.
Notice of Aonlication for Patent Sur
vey No. 1898. Serial No. 031241.
Notice Is hereby given that Copper
Queen Consolidated Mining Company,
a corporation organized under the
laws of the State of New York, and
lawfully engaged In the trnnsaction
of Its corporate business in the State
of Arizona, by G. H. Dowell. its Gen
eral Manager and Attorney In Fact,
whose post office address is Douglas.
Cochise County, Arizona, has made
application for patent for the "Hava
na" lode, situate in Warren Mining
District. Cochise Count State of Ari
zona, and is more fully described as
rtlnt herewith posted, and by the field
notes of snrvev thereof, filed in the
office of the Register or the United
States Land Office, at Phoenix. Arizo
na, which field notes of survev de
scribe the boundaries nnd extent of
said claim on the snfce. with mag
netic variation of 12 30' East as fol
lows: "Havana" Lode
Beginning at Cor. No. 1. whence U
S M M. No 1 Warren Mininc TMs
rrirt bears S S9 11' F 537:5 3 feet:
; ZT'.J' o S w
3: thence S. 78
- ' " l" ' "' ' '
1" F ?H feet to Cor No 4: thence
M" M,' w
245 4 feet to Cnr No 5:
thonop V S4 34' F 43 R feet to Cor
the rlice nf beginning eTrlud
lnr. however. frv said described
r. f,p t'f nf n,;" acre. In cnr
flirt with "W ster" lode. Snrvev
The net ares of s-id "Havana" lode
'for which parent is annl'ed exclnsive
nf area in conflict with "Webster"
tnrte Snrvev 13S7 o 1 313 acres
Tbe adioinin? and conflicting claim,
are the "Molvina" lode. Snrvev No
059- "Conner Kinc" lode. Snrvev No
375: "Webster" lode. Snrvev No
13R7: and "A1 Hassen" lode. Snrvev
No. 1387.
Any a"d all. persons claiming ad
versely the mining ground, vein, lode
nremises. or nny rnrtion thereof,
so described, survived, platted nnd
nnnlied for. are herrbv notified that
unless their adverse clwinis nre dulv
filed, according to law nnd the regu
lations thereunder, within the time
nrescrihed by law. with the Register
of the United States Land Office, nt
Phoenix. Maricopa County. Arizona,
they will be barred by virtue of the
provisions of said statute.
J. L. IRVIN.
Register of the United State
I.and Office. Fhoenix. Arizona.
First Publication Feb. 13. 117.
Lost Publication April 24. 1917.
IN THE UNITED STATES LAND
OFFICE
Phoenix. Arizona. Feb. 10. 1917
Notice of Application for Paient, Sur
vey No. 1920. Serial No. 031242.
Notice is hereby given that the Cop
per Queen Consolidated Mining Com
pany, a corporation organized under
the laws of the State of New York,
and lawfully engaged In the transact
ion of Its corporate businet-s in the
State of Arizona, by G. II. Dowell. its
General Managor end Attorney in
Fact, whose post office address is
Douglas. Cochise County, Arizona,
hna made application for patent for
the "Midget" lode, situnie in Warren
Mining District. Cocliise Comity.
State of Arizona, and is more fully
described as to metes nnd hounds by
the offirial plat herewith posted, and
by t'aj field note.i of r-urvey thereof,
filed in the office of the Re;i.-ter of
the ln it.-l States Land OfTiee, t
Phoenix, Arizona, which field notes
of survey describe the boundaries ami
extent of said claim on the surface,
with magnetic variation of 12 2i'
East as fellows:
"Midget" Lode
Banning at Cor. No. 1, whence U.
S. M. M. No. 4. Warren Mining Dis
trict born? S. 7S 06' k 41C2.S feet;
thence N. 24
W. 74.5 feet to Cor.
No. 2; tlience S. SO 51' W. 2S7.1 feet
to Cor. No. 3; tlience S. 34 36' E.
RS 53 feet to Cor No 4: thence N
78 57' E. 3S1.23 feet the piace of be
ginning, excluding, however, from
said described area 0.024 acres in
conflict with "Macomb" lode. Survry
Vo Is!)-.: also O.Uit acres in conflict
with "Golden Catc" !ode. Survey No.
R43.
The tiet nre.a of said "Midget" lode,
for which patent is applied, exclusive
of said areas in conflict U 0 226 acres.
The ndioini-'g and conflicting claims
are the "Hendricks." Survey No. 29:
"Copper Glohe." Survey No. V.r;
"Golden Gate." Survey No. 843:
"Macomb." Survey No. 1S36: "Bark"
Bone." Survey No. 13S7: and "Twi
light." Survey No. 13S7.
Any and all persons claiming ad
versely the mining ground, vein. lode,
premises, or any portion thereof, so
described, surveyed, platted and ap
plied for, are hereby notified that un
less their adverse claims are duly
filed, according to law and the regula
tions thereunder, within the time pre
scribed by law. with the Reeister of
the United States Land OfTice. Nit
Phoenix. Maricopa County. Arizona,
they will be barred by virtue of the
! provisions of said statute.
J. L. IRVIN.
Register of the United States
Land Office, Phoenix. Arizona.
First Publication Feb. 13. 1917.
Last Publication April 24. 1917.
At a Special Terra of the Supreme
Court or the State 'ot New York. Coun
ty of New York, held at Part One
thereof, in the County of New York,
on the 5th day of February. 1917.
PRESENT:
HON. JOSEPH E. NEWBURCER.
Justice.
In the Matter of the Application of
Copper Queen Consolidated Mining
Company for authority tt change its
name to Phelps Dodge Corporation.
Upon reading and filing the petition
of the Copper Queen Consolidated
Mining Company, a domestic stock
corporation, duly verified on January
19, 1917, by Arthur Curtiss James, its
Vice President wherein said petitioner
pruys for an order authorizing it to
assume another corporate name, to
wit, the name of Phelps. Dodge Cor
poration: and upon filing the certifi
cate of the Secretary of State annexed
thereto, certifying that the name
which such corporation proposes to
assume is not the name of any other
domestic corporation, or name whieh
he deems so nearly resembling it as
ro be calculated to deceive: upon fil
ing prcf that a copy of the petition
herein and of the notice of motion
were duly filed with the Kecretarv of
SUite: and uuon filing due proof by
affidavit showing that notire of the
presentation of such petition hJ been,
duly published once in each week for
three successive weeks in the New
York Law journal, and in The Sun.
daily newoniiDers published in the
Citv and County of New York, in
which city and county such corira
tion has its business office: and the
Court being satisfied bv said petition,
and bv the affidavit and certificnte
presented therewith, that the netifo
m inie.'and that there Is no reawniMo
;,Ki(.tion to the chang" ef ra"i rro-rO-sed.
and that the petition hi b -en
d'llv auhori7ed. and that not ce of
i he presentation of the petition as re
mi'red bv Iiw has been made:
Now on motion of Derter. Of-hora
& Fleming, attornevn for tile slid
oet-tioner. no oii ouposins, it Is
OKHKT5KD. THAT said petitc.in be
nnd the same herebv is tranted. and
that the petitioner herein. Conner
Oueen Consolidated Mining Company,
be and it hereby Is authorized to as
sume another corporate name, to-wit
the name of Phelps, Dod9 Corpora
tion, on and after the 14th day of
March. 1S17: and it is
FUTtTHFR ORDERED AND DI
RECTED that this order be entered,
and the papers On which it Is granted
be filed, within ten days from the
date hereof in the office of the Clerk
of New York County, the county in
which the certificate of incorporation
of said corporation is Gled: and that
a certified copy of this order, within
ten days after the entry hereof, be
filed in the office of the Secretary ot
State; and further, that a copy ot
this order be published once a week
for four successive weeks in the New
York Law Journal, a newspaper In
the County of New York, beginning
within ton days after the entry
hereof.
No.
State of New York, )
) ss.
County Of New York )
I. WILLIAM F. SCHNEIDER. Clerk
of the said County and Clerk of the Su
preme Court of said State for said Coun
ty, do hereby certify, that 1 have com
pared the preceding witn the original
certificate of ORDER on file lu my of
fice and that the same is a correct
Transcript therefrom, and of the
whole of such Original.
Indorsed Filed. Received Fehy. 6.
1917. 9 h. 46 ni.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF. I have
hereunto subscribed my name and af-
ttNed my official seal, this Mil day of
Fehy.. 1917.
Sgd ) WM. F. SCHVF.1DER.
(Official Seal) Clerk. THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MARCH 25, 1917.
SEVEN
Louis Joseph Vance
NOYELIZATION OF THE MOTION PICTURE PLAY OF THC SAME
name:. PRODUCED fOI? THE interhational FILM JCRVICC. IMC,
UNDER THE DIRECTION OF WHARTON. JNC. cokkt. stab conev
THE CAST.
MRS. VERNON CASTLE as
Patria Chinning.
MILTON SILLS as Donald Parr.
WARNER OLAND as Baron
Huroki.
DOROTHY GREEN as Fanny
Adair.
SYNOPSIS.
r;ria, la it of "The Fighting Chan
iiirsa," on route to Newport, her summer
hen.e. is thrown to drown from a Sound
steamer by agents of Baron Huroki, chief
of the Japanese secret service, who, con
spiring to embroil the United Stales anil
Mexico, desires control of the extensive
Channing munition plants owned by Pa
tria. Her physical counterpart Elaine, a
notorious dancer in HurokTa pay, substi
tutes for Patria.
"FIFTH EPISODE
The Island Got Forgot.
In the breathless hush of that bright
midsummer dawn the island rested
amid still waters like a great yellow
topaz on a field of glowing sapphire.
No land was visible in any quarter.
Yet the mainland was not remote.
Barely an island, little more than an
overgrown sandbar, a desolate patch
of salt-bitten, earth producing no vege
tation more valuable than coarse beach
grass, it was charted and known to
'long-shore seafarers as Limbo Island.
Hut few if any of these had ever taken
occasion to visit it ; they knew it by
tradition for what it was, so passed U
by. Ouly of late years had it grown
accustomed to shelter mankind, a lit
tle colony of Japanese fishermen hav
ing chosen it for their base.
' As the sun rose, so did these simple
folk ; by twos and threes they emerged
from their rude dwellings and went
about their business. Some embarked -in
battered craft to draw the nets and
cast the seines with which they wrest
ed from the sea an apparently pre
carious livelihood. Others swarmed
upon a little sloop that had come in
overnight to a crude dock that Jutted
out Into the least exposed harbor of
the island, and began industriously to
empty its hold of a careo of many
heavy packing cases. These work-d
under the supervision of one who wore
the habit of authority together with
the wreck of what had ouce been a
khaki uniform. A solitary inhabitant
of the island seemed to have no set
task; and this one was not a Japanese.
The sun was high before he discov
ered himself to its rays, lounging sul
lenly out of a dwelling slightly more
pretentious than its neighbors; a
youngish man, well-mude, with a dark,
keen countenance of Latin cast; his '
clothing of the simplest, a tattered
shirt, trousers worn and patched, an
old belt with a rusty buckle nothing
more, not even shoes.
The gaze with which he reviewed
the too familiar aspect of sea and sky ,
was eloquent of embittered ennui. His
mouth twitched ; his eyes flared wild
ly; be damned the day with a gesture
of passionate discontent; shrugged,
jerked a coarse cotton bag of tobacco, ,
and a racket of brown papers from a' j
hip-pocket, deftly with one hand fash
ioned a cigarette, lighted it. tnbaled !
exhaustively, and slouched oft, his
bare feet following Indifferently a
beaten pathway out of the dunvs.
Near the dock he paused with a little,
lacklustre gaze regarding the activi
ties of his Japanese associates alnmrd
. t
Patria About
to Escape
Island.
From tha
the oop, Then (tirninc bis-,lincl;f to
these h dri('tl frrui'i'jlieir kti "along
the w ovr:ia k(Ml winds. A few hun
dred jsrds fnrtber on. tiud le- ch' kill
slinnily. with' a low-piii ' d cry of
niilur,!. A curve of tin- islmxl bad
brought hint wiihiu view f the trly
tif a ttuuiuu that Ui li'iM'.' ! m th
X . aT '
St 0V
IT
s ; I I
. ii
The Great Romance
of Preparedness
i beach, half in. half out of the water.
The woman's face was hidden, but
. before! be turned It to the light be
: knew by the gentle movement of her
'shoulders that she lived. A canvas
, covered Iifiring lay nearby, sten
ciled with the name of a Fall River
' line steamship.
Staring down Into that exquisite
face, a look of mingled covetousness
and craft kindled in the eyes of the
.- man; Rising abruptly, he raked his
surroundings with furtive and suspl-
clous glances. At length satisfied that
none watched hitn he stoooed. rath-
.rt V n , JTT
ered that frail young form in his arms
and darted swiftly away, not as he
had come, but inland through the L, . ' . if ",,.
dune. Two short minutes sufficed for you, Gregory. Is Mrs. renn
the Journey; he came into the hollow iue Bir
of the huts stealthily, pausing to make . ' channingr
sure it was un euanted before hurrying y
' into his dwelling. But the luck was tlj.g gr
, not with him ; without his knowledge J" ' , Rm f
he was observed; the -door had not tlH ri),e ,npn,nllsed Bie . . ."
closed upon him and his salvage when Py molL e'r"
aOittle Japanese slipped quietly from j "
an ad oinlng hut -and trotted briskly houje am, di.WBU. Captain Pnrr
toward the harbor. . . : . . . Tctlmlt. on the veranda.' seeming idly
The girl opened dazed, uncompre- t0 ai,nire ti. view, in renlity oblivious
hending eyes upon a scene ao. strange of ltt rroiK.;.pied with private cousid-
to them that, for a moment, she was erntlous of not unpleasant complexion,
half-inclined to. believe that she bad So.)(ls ,of fned' lamentation dis-
died of drowning and passed in spirit turbHj Ws' nM0i.
to some weird hulf-world. A reek of m discovered a' pleasant-faced
brandy burned in ber mouth and throat. hl(jjVs mnUl .Rtre yiirs for,,m.11(i
Site coughed a little ,-. bowvd new at the
As if that sound had been a signal fot.t ,,f the atuircasc, weepiug loudly
loor was thrown roundly open, let- ,in(j copiously..
liug in a flood or sunlight. Through "Why, Anne! . What's the matt err
it entered a Japanese in ragged uni-f The. wi:inp showed a Howsy, tear
form. The voice of the Japanese ' 8talneL writhen countenance. "
broke the
tension edged with. reraou-1
st ranee:
"Seuor Juarez ! I am informed "
The other interrupted brusquely:
"That I have found a . half-drowned
woman Ainerieano on -the beach
nnd brought her here.; It's true."
"You should not have done this!"
'It seems I did!"
With a sudden movement the Jap
anese produced a pistol. "I regret the
necessity," he said, "but Baron Horn
ki's orders are to kill immediately any
t ranger who sets foot upon the
island!"
"Wait !" The fingers of Senor Juarez
Hosed quickly on the w rist of the Jap.
ttiese and turned his pistol to the ceil
ing. Simultaneously the Mexican lift
ed, with his other hand, a small can of
bright tin that bad stood upon a near
by table. "One moment, Cuptain Hak
uscki ! This can contains nitroglycerin.
In the storeroom back there" a Jerk
f Juarez's lu-ud indicated a door in the
back of the building "over one hun
dred tons of high explosives are
stored. The woman is mine!"
"Baron Huroki!"
"I deal with you not him and I
warn you. I shall keep the woman or
blow this island oft the map!" t
The Japanese hesitated an instant.
then conceded defeat with a shrug. ' -"Have
your way," he said mildly,
ind turned to go.
But the grasp on Ids wrist was un
related. "Wait another moincuf.
I'aptain Dakuscki. I want that pis
toL" It was surrendered without a guspi
riou of contest.
"Now go and don't .bother -us
i gain,"
Captain Uakuseki executed a right
jlout face and marched out of the
IiuL Seuor Juarez secured the door
Itehind him, then turned to see the girl
it niggling to a sitting position on the
ot. He hastened to assist her.
"You are weak, senorita you must
tot exert yourself. Permit me . . ."
He wound his arm around her waist,
lenderly assisting her to a chair by
'he table. As she sank into this, be
tent over and brought his lips close to
tiers. Slit: shrank away with a little
ry.
"Ah, no! Be not afraid of me, se
torita ! Itememlter. I saved your life.
. . What is a kiss in payment for
hat?"
The pistol he had taken from the
j lapanese rested" on the table. Chance
.'uided the fingers of the girl to Its
4rip, inspiration of dpshair prompted
her to lift its niuzzJe to the tin of nitro
glycerin. "Keep away from me," (be ordered
in accents whose feebleness could not
dlspiis a spirit of inflexible determi
' nation. "Keep oay or 1 pull the
! trigger!"
With a terrified ejaculation the Mex
ican sprang back to a profoundly re.
spectful distance.
"Seuorita I beg of you !"
"Leave this house or I s pull the
trigger!"
Juarez threw himself madly at the
door, wrenched It open, started out
nnd shrank back from a knife-bayonet
on a rifle presented ly a stocky,
deadly-looking little Japanese..
"Captain Hakufekl's orders: yon re
main a prisoner till you give up the
ttoumni" '-. '"." ' A -
Between the deiil and I be deep sea,
the Mexican threw hiutselXoo n"-'r-
ry of the girl.
"Senorita ia the name of pity!"
She nodded curtly, i "Come to--iihut
that door lock it. . .. . Nvw tell
"Senoritn, yon hare been washet
u&Ihjic on Limiio island."
"Where is (hat?"
"Southeast of Newport about thir
' ty miles."
"And wby.are such great quantities
I of high, explosive stoied on Limbo
! island?" ' ' i
j "Seuoritu I conceal nothing from
' you I am your slave"
"Answer my question !"
The nuzzle of the pistol remained
In close Juxtaposition to the tin of ni
troglycerin. The Mexican shivered
with terror.
"Because" he stammered "because
Japan uses this island as a secret de
pot for munitions"
"To be used in the event of war with
the United States?"
"SL senorita yes."'
"J understand. ... . Now fetch
me food . . ."
CHANGELING.
About mid-morning, a young man
becomingly attired in riding clothes
surrendered his horse to the care of a
groom and ascerided the steps to the
veranda f the Channing cottage on
the Cliff walk.
. . , ... ' . ,
Wm Wltn the mnner of wlm.
,a Intimate of the household.
?, . , , , T4.
. "P00" "'. Captain Parr. Its
x)h, . Cnptnln Parr, my heart's
broken !., I 'don't' know what to do at
nil. . It's discharged I -am, sir!"
"What!" Tarr could hardly believe
his cars.
"Miss Patria Is after discharging me
M -, .1 i
if firj y
"Keep Away!"
without notice.'' sir and all it:
years Tve. served her and never
cross word "
"But why? What did you doT
"It's my clumsiness, sir. I happc"
to drop ner hand hiirror, and It brc
It did. And then It was like her
went mad. She flew Into a rage.
and stamped her foot ot me, and
me a clumsy fool, nnd stild it :n
seven years' bad luck, and wonldi
listen to me at all at all, nnd told r.
to pack my trunk and go, that tuyst
was flreil, and " ,
"Did she say 'fired,' Anne?"
"She did that. Captain Pi:rr "
"It doesn't sound like Patria!"
"It doesn't, sir. I'or the matter i
that she ain't seemed like herself si;i
that dreadful affair on the bout lu:
night."
I "What dreadful affair?"
I "Ton haven't heard about it, sir? J
poor lnvslld lady in the stoicrnoiu ncx
Miss Patria'a we,ot out of ber hcu
and jumped overboard sod was
drowned, air."'
Anne hastily disappeared as Mrs.
Gilbert Wreou, Putrla's ruaperou, en
tered from the breakfast room with
ber son Rodney. At sight of Parr they
broke Into those wonderiug exclama
tions be bad anticipated. -
. "Why, Donuld !"
"Don! For the love of Mike! IJow
did you get here? Patria said"
"I flew," Captain Tarr explained
modestly.'
"I should say yon did fly! What did
you'do? 1 Hire a special train?"
"I , flew," , Parr Iterated. , "I planed
froin' (Jbviron'rV island this 'morning."
Donald ' looked round 'to find the
footman waiting for bis attention.
"Tea," Gregory?" ,
I 'The . man.' hesitated, with what
eemed singular reluctance to deliver
ai menage.-
"Bg pardou, ' sir . . . I"rn torry
-2 i v limit i
ttA r - '
"rfrliip 3 J r' ' ' ' :
she is not at home to Captain Tarr!"
Had the servant deliberately slapi-ed
bis face. IonaId could have been no
more thunderstruck.
Mrs. Wrenn betrayed nj less per
plexity. "Gregory! what did you say?"
"Miss Patria Instructed me to say,
Mrs. Wrenn. she is not at home to
Captain Parr."
The footman withdrew, murmuring
sympathetically.
"fiut Donald," Mrs. Wrenn iusisted,
"I'm sure he must have misunderstood.
I'll run tip at once and see Patria my
self." "Please, no. Mm. Wrenn. Gregory's
an intelligent fellow. Patria is doubt
less out of temper with me for failing
to catch the boat yesterday."
In point of fact, Parr hardly knew
what he was saying or what he heard.
Overruling the objections of Rodney
and his mother, he strode from the
house, threw himself on the back of
his horse, nnd rode away in a state ol
daze.
It needed a long, hard ride to weurj
Parr's? emotions to semlnumbness. Ii
brought back a horse sadly fagged and
latheretl.
Now Donald Parr was never one to
wear his heart on his sleeve. Toward
mid-afternoon he changed to white
flannels, stiffened his pier lip nnd
sottght the Casino, outwardly a man
with mind serene and carefree tem!cr.
Finding nobody of his circle of ac
quaintances at the Casino the hour
was late for lunch, early for afternoon
tea he fortified himself with a cock
tail and sought surcease of brooding
in that morning's Boston newspaper.
It seemed at first a needlessly cruel
freak of chance that the very first
news item to meet his eye should be so
strong a reminder of his unhappiness.
Fall River, June 27,-While the
Fall River, line steamship Common
wealth was off Point Judith last night,
Mrs. John Ferdinand of Chicago, an
Invalid suffering from melancholia,
eluded her nurse and committed sui
cide by jumping overboard.
"Chicago, June 27. TheCity Direc
tory does not contain the name of Mrs.
John Ferdinand."
Slowly Donald lowered the newspa
per, a thoughtful furrow creasing his
brows. Anne's words of that morning
came back to him like an echo preg
nant with significance:
"Miss Patria ain't seemed like her
self since that dreadful affair on the
boat last night !"
What if . . x . Horror gripped
... fc-
IT
Ordered Patria.
I maid's heart like an icy hand. . . .
What if the Patria of last night were
not the Patria of today?
That a woman existed so like Patria
In faceand form that none could dis
tinguish one from the other, was a fact
too well known to Captain Purr.
Pondering deeply. Donald rose to
leave the Casino and on the way out
came unexpectedly upon a group of
four, seated over cocktails round a lit
tle table. He tried to ignore them, but
this was not permitted. A voice that.
If not the voice of Patria Channing,
was at least a very creditable imita
tion of it, hailed him.
"Don Donald Parr! Do come
here .'"
With the speaker at her table were
fanny Aduir, Baron Huroki and Juan
de Lima. '
Suspicion rife in bis wind. Parr
bowed over the hand offered him by j
the wonjMn who might or might not be
Patria Chunniog. To each of the oth-
crs In turn he nodded gravely. !
"Awful jolly to meet you here. Don. :
I do so want you to be the first to '
know : I have promised to marry Seuor :
de Lima."
To the Mcxiciin. alert to rise with n I
I rilliuut smirk of s'!f-siiisfuctiou and
a proffered baud, Ihniuld bowed pro
roundly. His own huuds remained
;diisMd behind his buck.
I "1 wn happy to be able to congratu
late Senor De Liua." be said quietly;
and turning, left the Casino.
One more move that would Ik enly
uuiural iu an inipotor! !
' He was firmly persuaded that tho j
''girl' t whom In- imd just leeti tnlkiug j
. was not the true l;i trill Channing. '
P.ilt how to prove that? How to j
avenge that crime which had made
poiislMo the t-ijhstitutlou of this iin- ,
in tor? j
Parr t-crhis wits to cope with that
problem. Pending their solution. b
tillHsJ Ui-At to tb.v tuk of t'.-iS
f n pi r
5 A'flf
j i Hi.
'The Horse of Comfort"
ucu from 1 to 11
j P. M.
fi AJ&JT TX
.SiST TIME TODAY
WILLIAM FOX
Presents
jut:e caprice
IN
CHitoHf
MONDAY
. VEkNON CASTLE
IN
THE FIFTH CHAPTER
of That Serial Supreme
With
THE FOX SUPER
DE LUXE PRODUCTION
of
With
THEDA BARA
ADMISSION
10 AND 15 CENTS
"A lo en
Paina
Te
Darling
Pans
Baron Huroki under close but unos
tentatious surveillance.
Lute in the afternoon Huroki wa
slirrepiitlously waylaid by a low-cas:
Japanese, from whom he received
message which seemed to cause the
baron considerable ix-rturhation. The!
messenger was duly identified as one
of the colony of fishermen on Limbo;
lie returned to a little sloop, which
had just come In from the island at
! made fast to a dock on the busi:ic
' waterfront of the community. P.
: Huroki himself reu:ined to his h
i and remained there, closeted with J
i de Lima, till nightfall. "Under cov
of darkness he sallied forth, clostl.
dogged by Donald Parr, made a cir
( ctiitous way to the waterfront a'
i boarded the sloop, which iminedlnt
: cast off and s t s II for the hnr'
mouth.
Now wh:it press;:; : I .: n, -s t.r.
Huroki away to I.I:::lio i. I; :i.l I.,
nicht?
Parr made it his own business to
find o'tt. If there were soun tliaig on
Limbo that Interested Tar n II '
so profoundly, it wrs sun? to prov.- no
whit- less interesting to the I'n.ti.i
States secret service.
Within fifteen minutes of the tlm-'
when the sloop had s-,!!ed, Don::' !
launched his seaplane :i,l rose to 1.11
altitude whence he could espy the
island, a formless blur of darkness on
the face of waters silvered by moon
light. THE HUMAN BOMB.
Half-buried in the side of the larg
est dune on Limbo island, the dwelling
which Senor Juarez had shared with
his Japanese associiiie Captain Haku
sckl, was a shuck of a single room,
with one window r.nd two doors. Of
these last one, like the window, opened
upon the hollow in winch the other
huts of the station v.ere gathered to
gether; the remaining door led, by way
of a short, timbered tunnel, to a huge
vault hollowed out in the heart of the
dune, wherein a very considerable store ;
of anus, ammunition, mines and high
explosives was sheltered. On the far
ther side of the dune here a concave
bluff, wave-eaten the vault had two
great doors behind which a biplane
stood lightly poised, ready for instant
use in emergency.
By this means alone Patria Chan
ning hoped, with the aid of the Mexi
can, to contrive an escape from the
refuge which had proved so quickly the
cell of two condemned prisoners.
For the shack was in a state of siege.
, Since the dispute between Juarez and
! Uakuseki the hollow had been picketed
witli armed Japanese. As yet these
had made no offensive move; but the
understanding was Implicit, that neith
er prisoner might set foot outside the
shack save at iennlty of death. Patria.
condemned by F.arou Huroki's ukase
that no stranger mi:-rlit visit the island
and live to tell of it, Juarez' death
sentence signed by his own act of
mutiny. Thus the interests of the two
were one. in bonds of common peril.
Juarez had schemed u scheme to
hoodwink the enemy which Patria had
indorsed. She waited now, alone in
the shack, for the Mexican's return
from making all things ready at the
tir side of the vault.
There was no light other than a
feeble glimmer of moonshiue filtering
in through crocks around window nnd
door. The girl sat in a corner, the tin
of nitroglycerin on the table before her,
automatic pistol in hand, her pose one
of tense vigilance. e
Noiselessly in his bare feet, Juarez
returned, preceded by the flicker of an
electric, torch, bringing with him a
tuodern magazine rifle newly filched
from the stores in the vault.
"Are you ready?" he whispered.
Putria arose with a nod of assent,
and picked up the tin of explosive in
a cautious hand.
"Follow the aisle between the pack
ing cases." he Instructed with a ges
ture toward the tunnel. "It leads to
the hangar door. If the guards on
the beach run off to see what's the
matter when I begin shooting, miliar
lie doors but dou't ojieu them till I
Join you."
She nodded again, aud entered the
Uiiitiel as Juarez tiptoed to the window
.mil stealthily unbarred it.
Picking her way cautiously, he ar
rived beneath the wings of the biplane
icfc.re the silence of the island night
vas shattered by a rippling fut-illnde.
An eye to the cr:"ck I'.ctwein the
Teat doors, she saw two :ir.iu-d Japr.
cse who had been patrolling the beach
trn nnd, afier momentary hesitation,
:m off in the d'rcctlon of the disturb
nce. Working swiftly, :.ie bad lifted down
le last Iet:vy bar of wood that held
ae doors together before Juarez up
eared nt her side.
"Good!" lie bre:::hed. eye to t!i
ra-i. 1 got one or tli"in. The ows
re preparing to dorm the !i::
Ve've got perhaps tv o minutes. . .
I"listii.g his :hoii!der against one
'ie doors, !u sunns it widely i
'air::: l.:.d l ho oilier ccn almost
;:i !;i She sl pped into open u'
i:h :t tilth' shiver of excitement
!;:lif, itiiil waited to one side v.
:::::-: v, heeled the b:p!;:iie out us
' t:s though it hud been a pera:
I'.o turned and beckoned. A vi
.i;:uc of llai:i..' licked out of 1.
.is (hat crowned a nearvy :
.nltaiieoiisly a ri:!e spo!;e. J.
:.w his hands high, spui 'u
. and ih'oppi d.
I'.iere came a second shot. A l.
:rt ( s:;l:d !! vv tip :H I'lit-fl's i
dlcss in ber (error, she ilivppcd
of nitroglycerin and sh'd sw:
' e beach, without thoiig' t ot
i'i;.:i to find shelter l'rol:i
.:. v hich iersi: t. :it!y ho'llid.
- i slli.ing p::st her or sill.
: :g thenisiives in the tsinds.
a :ii!ttt n the ii' Hukuscla
nlng to meet her, the brilliant moon
light glinted on a weapon In bia haniL
With a sob of despair, Patria turneit
blindly at right angles and ran with
out really appreciating whither she rnr.
out upon tne DarDor dock.
Behind her the automatic of the
Japanese rattled ahrewlshly and was
unexpectedly answered from offshore.
At the end of the dock, the girl
paused and glanced back. Hakusekt
had given up the pursuit was. Indeed,
running swiftly for shelter In the
dunes; but the rifles of his followers
were speaking animatedly.
A great flood of hope surged in ber
bosom as she looked offshore and dis
covered an airplane settling down like
an immense watet fowl upon the sur
face of the harbor, not twenty yards
The Rescue.
distuut. If doubt existed In her mind
ns to the identity of its pilot, were he
friend or enemy. It was soon erased,
by his hail.
"Patria! Quick swim off to me!"
The pilot's pistol rattled again.
Donald's voice ! Patria was no more
afraid; and water was as ber native
slement. Without hesitation she diwd
i:ul struck off toward the plane.
Little more than a minute later Parr
was helping her to climb up ou one
3f the pontoons, then to a seat beside
liis own, while bullets continued to
slug richochetted over the waters and
tear through the covering of the planes.
She was no more than net tied in Iter
place when Parr began to manipulate
he controls and the seaplane xkimmeil
the surface of the harbor In a long,
iraceful curve, then began to rise. . .
Back on the Island, standing beside
the biplane. Captain Uakuseki wit
nessed the successful evasion in a rage
that runled even his racial placidity.
In his understanding the affair was
Intolerable; though he perished en
deavoring to prevent it. this escaie
must not be permitteit
Summoning assistants, he turned to
ward the biplane and paused as his
foot struck what one swift down glance
identified as the tin . of niTroglyccriu.
Inspired by this accident, he picked
up the tin. crammed it Into a side
oocket of his khaki coat, and clambered
to the pilot's seat. Provided he might
maneuver his aircraft above the other,
he would need only to drop this dead
ly bomb; and there would be nothing
left of the fugitives.
Flis aids started the motor. With a
roar the propellers begau to revolve.
Uakuseki grasped the controls. The
machine shot off down the beach aud
took the air at the water's edgi.
The seaplane, seeking a high level,
was rising in a wide spiral. A yet
it was not high, and the Japanese
'plane was the lietter at climbing,
i Within a space of time incredibly brief
the two were hovering on an approxi
mate level, high above the island.
One shot might serve his end. The
temptation was tix strong to be resist
ed. Uakuseki drew his pistol, aud
opened fire.
In Parr's machine. Patria Channing
took the wenMn proffered by her res
etter and. leaving hitu free lo attend
to his duties as pilot, drew herself
back at length upon the plane aud re
lumed the fire of the Japanese.
Hnkuscki was conscious of some
thing like the impact of a fist ltetween
his eyes. Blindness followed, with
I agonizing pain. He crumpled In his
seat, lurching forward agaiust the con
trols. His last conscious thought vas
one of terror; the biplaue was fsliin; :
the tin of explosive remained iu his
pocket; when he came to earth.be
would be utterly annihilated. Uncon
sciousness mercifully ensued.
Nose down, the biplane dived like
plummet; but the body ofllaku
cli, thrown from its place, distanced
the machine. The summit of the great
lime that housed the store of'explin
sives received the full impact of its
fall. An Instantaneous explosion sig
naled the extermination of Uakuseki.
Hardy a breath later the dune opcued
up like the crater of a volcano, belch
ing smoke and flame to the skies. In
tonation followed detonation more
swiftly than reeling senses timid reck
jn. The little island, rocked, disin
tegrating. The sea, n. shouting and
over hclimx) It. Clouds of steam i-b-scured
the debacle. -.
When the sloop in winch Baron
Huroki had embarked arrived ou the
scene, a ghastly welter of wreckage
churning io the wash vas uli that was
left of Limbo.
(END OF FIFTH PPTsni.v:
lm
h if; V
EIGHT
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MARCH 25; 1917.
From tfie Orient-Japanese
Kimonos at $1.50 .tarto $25
NEW gold and silver laces 2 to 5 inch for evening
apparel, the yard 75c up to $2.
NEW assortment fancy buttons for summer frocks
and blouses wide showing
A
Printed designs and hard embroidered d'.-iis
crepes, silk rrvpe de c!:h:i- M.d Japanese silk. ri"l:i'
meats the nt's.-. ;.f the d'-i.e,ns tn:l ol'r..
8ell:i!r--wide r .: ! m i y 1 shades :is wl!
thefe--
on heavy rotton
beauty (if the g;ir
'lould insure ;n:
.tj'li- rulor See
NEW Sport Windsor Ties
plaid ends extra large . . .
-two tone effects
with
.65c
.
i
i
I
7
The Very Best Time to Select Your Spring Apparel and Millinery is NOW-When Assortments Are
at the fieigth of completeness and freshness. The collection lacks nothing now to make it completely satisfactory to the most
particular dresser. Daring the past few days many new things have been received .
.SDITS-Flsfeioa's.Lcydlcst
At $15 to .$30
; 1
lUfl
: .r r
We feel that we have an exceptional of
fering in these stylish and altogether
charming suits at popular prices. An
offering of smart fashions that should be
extremely interesting to economical wo
men. The difficult problem of dressing
smartly on a limited amount is happily
solved in this splendid showing.
MATERIALS include Gunniburl. Burella Cloth,
Wool Jerseys, Poplins, French Serges. Poiret Twills.
Wool Velr.urs and Fane Checks COLORS include
Gold. Ikipe. Copen, Navy, Haeue J31ue, Apple Green.
eseda, Mustard. Tan and Bluck Newest belted
effects end graceful loose-fitting styles fancy stitch
ing, unique pochets and attractive collar features.
CLOTH SUITS-a pleasing diversity
of new models--$32.50 to $50
A superb collection of distinguished suits at this price
range the most discriminating tastes may well be satis
fied from this showing of exclusive ideas which are
handsomely tailored and finished Materials of Shet
land, Wool Jersey, Velour, Poiret Twills, Tricotine, Fine
Serges and Striped Woolens in the season's new and
staple shades a3 well as black. You will find these suits
especially adapted to fill the wants of those who desire
suit individuality.
New arrivals in Spring COATS
prices range at $9.50 up to $47.50
Styles designed for all purposes coats for sport wear, for motoring,
for street or dress in a most interesting range of new ideas.
Sport length, three-fourths and full length garments, fashioned of
Velour, Bolivia, Taffeta, Wool Jersey and many plaid and check ma
terials shr.d?3 of appla green, rose, gold, corn, navy, turquoise, red
and black. STITCHING is a likable new trimming for Spring Coats
and appears on a good many of the prett'est in our collection. Newly
fashiored peckets, smart pleated ard belted models as well as plain
tailored stvles.
TX il . , K - RL ;. I. C c. i . I K ' 1 LSI -II 11.11 III IMIDI 1 U I I 1 t 6 1 b L P I P I , .1 1.
$18.75
Extra scedal valces in smart afternoon
Frocks and Sport Dresses at only . . ... .
High-class models its our purpbse not only to offer the largest variety of styles, but
to provide the best values in the district come and see whether we have lived up to
our intentions we believe we have but we want your judgment. Taffetas, Crepe de
Chines, Georgette Crepes, Ftncy Striped Taffetas, Silk Poplins and combinations of
Georgette and Taffeta, Crepe and fancy striped Satins, Silk Habutai, etc. A diversity
of models that are cleverly fashioned, in a wide range of beautiful colorings.
Fashionable SILK SUITS
At $18.75 to $50
Silk Suits are quite the vogue this season
something new and different about them
that has attracted fashion's attention and
"holds" it That "something different" may
be a cleverly designed pocket a peculiarly
distinctive collar a unique cuff or one of
many features but whatever it is, its smart,
and is proving its merits by influence on
style followers. '
Materials are Yo San, Silk Faille, Pussy Willow, Taff
eta, Silk Jersey and genuine Silk Shantung. Beautiful
shades in Old Roue. Turquoise. Belgium Blue, Gold,
Silver, Beige, and Oyster Grey. May we hare-the pleas
ure of showing these charming new modes to you?
Small shipment of new
EVENING GOWNS at $35 to $50
Correct in all those requirements that appeal to discriminating
women. To us they seem to be simply charming and we know that
you will he of this opinion when you see them. Silk nets over metal '
cloth and beautifully trimmed with silver and Jet laces and satin ani ,
metal cloth combinations Black, white, Rose and Maize.
Spring SWEATERS at $5 to $20
These new arrivals are silk, silk fibre and Shetland wool in colors,
corn, rose, copen, Kelly green, grey, navy and black and white stripes. .
New Coat styles and pinch back models.
Ko-Never! -As emphatic
as the boldest type can
make it was Women's
Neckwear so pretty and
so important a factor in
Fashion as' this year.
And that Importance s
given full expression in
our showing Every
d.'.y women tell us this
is THE NECKWEAR
STORE of the district.
New and smart conceits
In Shantung, Organdie
id Georgette crepe.
rices range up to $3.
Brilliant seems the only word that fittingly describes
the new spring
MILLINERY
Recent ' shipments have greatly augmented
our stock in the past week and you will have
no difficulty in finding a hat to please you in
every particular you'll find the showing most
interesting both from the standpoint of style
aud variety shown and for the economy Hats
so unusually becoming that you'll admire every-
:y you try on.
low Heel SPORT SHOES
For Women and Big Girls
Wcmpn's Sport Shoes white buck, Sextan fibre sole,
pi'-e- beel. reTl.ir heiTbt. saddle strap, sizes 2s to 7s
fa'r $4.50
S"mf c inches hih . $5.00
-"""'fi' r-'.t Tv-ri f.-r wrmon 9 inches Mh cak sole
Jiv 'p"' i- ''pp 1( n Sip-jpl prf"f at f fi.oft
P.'" C'""'-' remt letter vr.m viiy v-lilre rpws." white
U:
tr::in;;'
lid !:eel-
i- i t '' t
-the rair. .
the
. ... S4 5
-! vlft
$0.50
white kid
$6.00
Silks Worth to $125, on sale - --89c
j i
t us. 'cither v.'mo. 'vhite canvas tow.
anii
A t:'li rair
53.50
I.'.t : r
IliT ;!. ',v:.;'e Canvas li-.iots patent leather trimmed
white ;-.:t!'cr s-ties iii-.J hecis s:7t'S 2s to is pair $3.50
-Sznie i.! ."li.-scs. :i. .-. lis to 2s. at the ).ai:-. .. $3.00
E0ircABINETS
$i Down $1 Per Week
1 ,-;vjt-w.r
t. '
. ; w
1 r V T-
d ;: ..;?A.;;i:'-"4' -i
Don't wear your life
away in kitchen drud
gery when you can have
this automatic servant
lo help you.
A million other wo
men now use the Hoos
ier many are in the
kitchens of your friends
Won't you come
down and let s demon
strate this marvel at
household convenience?
No obligations what
ever. Its a pleasure for
us to show the HOOS-IER.
A cleen up on certain lines net a sale r f unwanfed wesves, colors, and patterns,
but silk?, especially dT-shaf.le fcr rprirg frocks, blouses or for trimmings. Taffeta
and Merino S.Iks. 24 to 27 indies vide in stripes and plaids. In order that there
may be no rr-Uunderslariding we an-ounce that there is only a limited quantity you
belter corre in the morning. .Values to $1.25 the yard 89c
KHAKI KOOL (the genuine) the exquisite silks that
have 'taken the country by storm oyster white ground
1 . i ii i ... i a en
witn large oiock patterns yara -.w
Sport Poplins,' Pongees and Shantungs in fashionable
sport stripes and oriental designs. Colors, chartreuse, eold,
tan and ovster white the yard $1.50 to $3.50
Tub Silks extremely fashionable for Sport frocks.
Blouses and Separate Skirts Light grounds with stripes
of brown, cold, tan, blue, lavender and green yard $1.35
Chiffon Taffeta an extra rich and lustrous duality
here in leading shades of Rose, Licht Blue, Navy, lWdniaht.
Canary, Ke''y Green, Reseda, Purple, Sand and Black
A splendid -alue yard $1.75
Crepe de Chines much in demand for Blouses, Even
ing Dresses, Calling Frocks and Underwear. Black, white
and colors flesh, rose, copen, navv, reseda, lavender ad
wisteria a" extra value the yard $1.75
Georgette Crepe, the popular fabric for Afternoon and
Street Dresses all leading shades as well as black and
white th yard $2 and $2.25
Silk Poplins a beautiful quality for the price Colors
navy, copen, Alice, brown, sand, olive, reseda, rose and
purple priced the yard $1.50
j
New shipment Duofold Davenport Beds
$45 to $65-Easy terms if you wish
The perfect bed all steel inner construction Simple in operation A few motions
transforms it frcm a parlor settee into a full size luxuriously comfortable bed Will
conveniently hold a 45 lb. mattress. Upholstered In genuine and finest imitation leathers
and made in both styles as illustrated above. Easy Monthly Payments can be had.
Looking does not obligate you in any way and we invite you to inspect these new models.
NEWEST Reed and Fibre Furniture in old ivory finishes also
frosted brown and fumed effects in living room tables, chairs and
rockers. Upholstered in fancy floral and art cretonnes pieces espe
cially suitable for any room in the home or porch.
OLD IVORY including latest designs in Adam designs in Bed
Room Suites with twin beds Also same finish in special designs and
sizes for childrens rooms. Old Ivory is strongly favored in modern
homes today.
COLONIAL MAHOGANY in Bed Room Suites with large poster
beds in both double and twin styles. We want you, whether you are
thinking of buying or not, to see this display.
BROWN MAHOGANY introducing the straight-line effects in
complete suites for the Bed Room You'll find them the newest and
smartest models produced for some time.
SCIENTISTS WILL
INVESTIGATE RUINS
(Continued Fro.n race One)
quit" rnouh to sul staciiato , the leg
end Amone the fantastically erodd
tocks. forming; natural sculptures
nlone te trail, are Klephant Lass, ;
and White Mesa Natural bridge, j
which lend interest en route to the ,
Monument, as dnr also the Indian
"i'lage where still dwell descendants
)f the early inhabitanas.
The ancient pueblo and cliff dwell
ings were first scientifically examined
in 190S. by a party of which Mr. Judd
-as a member, led by Prof. Byron
umnlntrs, formerly of tie Unlversi
v of Utah, and now of the I'niversity
"f Arizona. They are supposed to be
v"' ruins of dwellings made by the
r."'-!? r.-'on1" wh'ise d sfndnnts live
'irt-v in Hnni vi'h'ces In northeastern
Arizona. Somo of the houses built In
the cliffs are very larpe, measuring
several hundred feet ia lenKth and !
. Include as many as a hundred rooms. '
i Naturally, Bome of the ordinal rooms I
! are buried in fallen debris but their
! excavation and repair is to be carried
out between now and the erd of June
by Mr. Judd and his pirty.
The only human belnt;., living In
Ve neighborhood of these ruins Is an ,
Indian trader and a few Navajos who
rtre very superstitious. None of them
will di? In the ruins farin to evoke
, the wrath of the spirits of th dad,
'. so Mr. Judd will be forced to eitqae
-lilto laborers at FlagstafT, probably:
six In number and a cook, relying on j
the native Navajo only for trail
makinir and the transportation of his
supplies and building materinls to the j
ruins where 1 tie work Is to be done.
Despondency Due to Constipation.
Women often become nervous and
despondent. hen this is due to con
stipation it is easily corrected by tak
tne an orrasionn! dose of Chamber
lain's Tablets These t-.blets are easy
to take and pleasant in efTect. Advertisement
PROGRESS HEPOWO
I'! BIG JEROME REGION
(Continued From rase One)
sinking from above and connection
will be made with the raise In about
ten days. The shaft as It is beins
sunk from above, is a full three com
partments, and when connection Is
made th ri will be nlarjred. Then
' sinking from the floor of the tunnel
will be commenced. But Tor the fact
that the air In the tunnel is bad, sink
ins from the tunnel level would al
ready be under way.
The raise is in schist and the shaft
above is in porphyry. Both forma
tions are shat through with chaleory
rite. It is entirelv possible that by
! sinking straight down a big body of
1 sulphide will be opened, though it is
always possible that more or less drift
' ing and ct'osscutting must be done be
fore the ore is located.
It was under the superlntendency of
Dave Morgan that the t'nited Verde
Extension ore body was located, and
mine brought to the producing stage.
He is one of the most capable and at
the same time one of the most con
servative mine executives in Arizona.
With a big treasury behind him, it is
certain that no time will be lost in
proving the Combination ground. It
is equally certain that he will never
announce any strike until he has the
ore and has lots of it.
Our Want Adds Bring Resulu