MARKETS.
NEW YORK CITY.
Average Price of Cop
per for week ending
September 12, 25.83.
WEATHER.
Wednesday and Thurs
day fair; not niiu-h
change in temperature.
PT I.MSJJJL.-, Vi-A
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service.
VOL.20. No. 142.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 21, 1917.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
mm
Haig Makes Satisfactory Gains
On West Front Details Lacking
But British Claim Many Prisoners
I. WAV. Agitators
Rounded Up By
Government Men
A.F.O.L. Will
Continue to
Aid Government
Excellent Process Made at, pnte
American and British Coun
cil French Hold Important
Session; Declare War Must
Continue Unabated
Italians Tenaciously Holding '
Huns Back, Capture Many
D -J M..mk
A k IWIJCI CU1U A "I WE J
Guns British Circling,
Jerusalem
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. Nov. 20. Re
ports that the shortage Of one rent
pieces had caused clearing houses
in several eastern and middle west
ern cities to determine to issue pa- jj
per script to bctireulated locally (I
instead "of pennies, reached the u
treasury today and were met by an !1
immediate effort to ship more small j
coins eas.ward from the Denver
and. San Francisco mints. Five mil
lion one cent pieces were on tneir
TREASON TRIAL '
OF HINDOOS IS
STARTED BY U.S.
Federal Authorities Intimate Delegates Unanimously Re-af-That
Hundreds of the Wob-1 firm Loyalty to President
bly Leaders Have Been Ap
AMERICAN SOLDIERS ON
FRENCH FRONT ALWAYS
I
prehended Quantities of
Literature Seized Oil
Fields Affected
KANSAS CITY. Mr;., Nov. 20.-
eral authorities began
-Fed-
Pacifist Silent Negro Or.i
ganization Is. Considered
Gompert' International
Conference Approved
ANXIOUS FOR FIGHT
Embezzler Held i;Chanr 5ermans ?t0 .S""
BUFFALO. N. Y.. Nov. 20. Without
a roundup ofla dissenting vote the American i-eder-
. , . , ... anon oi LUDor touay reaiurmea us;
I. W. W. agitators in the middle west: , , .. . ' . ... . i
" i unswerving loyalty to the country ana
today. Official reports nave been re-.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
The American mission headed by
Colonel Edward M. House, which re
cently arrived in England for the pur
pose of discussing and co-ordinating
efforts to win the war, bashad its ini
tial meeting with the British war
council and its right hand men.
Details of the conference, naturally,
have been kep: secret, but announce
ment is made that little formality at
tended it and that satisfactory pi 'J-1
gress marked the discussions. The lar-l
reaching scope of the conference is in
dicated by the attendance upon the
meeting of join: representatives of the
army, navy, the food controllers, ship
ping boards, the treasurers and the
war trade boards.
Premier Opens Session.
David Lloyd-George, the British pre
mier, opened the session with an ad
dress and the conference 'lasted an
hour and a half, during which frequent
recourse was had to a mass of statis
tics and official documents. Colonel
House was not present a: the opening'
session.
Simultaneously across the channel,
M. Clemenceau, the new French pru-j
uiier, was reading the declaration of
policy of the new ministry to the cham
ber of deputies. It was to the effect'
that the new government had assumed
office in order to carry forward the
war with a redoubled effort towards its
successful conclusion. It declared that
civilized nations were engaged in the
same battle against the development!
of ancient barbarity and that France, i
with, her allies, was a barrier in the
pail that should not be passed. The
premier asked each citizen to take his
full part in the common defense and to
shoulder the same abnegation that at
present exists in the army. The cham-
way to Chicago to relieve the short
age in the middlewest and the
movement of small coins will con
tinue through December to accom
modate holiday shopping demands
in eastern cities.
a determination o stand behind the
ceived here from the only raid, that , national administration until peace
!at Augusta. Kans.. where 22 were ar-;collies- Tne pacifist element, which
i . , , . , . , ., . yesterday mustered a small minority
restei, but unofficial reports indicate,'' . ' ,
,, , t-i-j . 1 " ! against rresiueni ucnipers in support
: forts or the tnited States government, numerous other.arrests in the El Do- nf .. .. was s:lpn.
' , ... . . , ' rado and Augusta oil district. consi.I-i The resolution containing the decla
(By Review Leased Wire.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 20. -
ualties Greatest Ambition
Take Advantage of Every
Opportunity German Pup
Adopts Americans All
Are Healthy
foment revolution against British rule
wed the tocal point of agitation that 'ration was reported favorably by ;he i
onne toward the important railroad
Junction of Cambrai.
The British rapidly are encircling
Jerusalem in their Palestine campaign,
having now brought their forces to
points twelve miles northwest and fif
teen miles west of the ancient city.
in India began here today when 34 al
leged conspirators went on trial in the
United States district court.
Bronzed, turbaned natives of India
mingled among the
multi-millionaire
defendants withj
about oil properties.
i
total of arrests may run into tne nun-
ds. In preparation lor the round-
Oscar Schmidtz, a special agent
I led to the placing of armed guards resolutions committee. It was sweep- i
ing in scope. T"he course pursued by
Federal oflicers -have intimated the President Oompers in railing a confer-1
ence of the national and international ;
officers of the federation at Washing-1
ton on March 12th was aDDrov-1 and 1
ship owners andi r) r th-rtpnnrtmont of Instinct in Kan- all his suhsenuent actions and those I
shipbuilders, high German consylar of- gaB citv w.s sen. to Aaeuta to ron.!of the executive council wi:h refer !
. . I Ml. ..11 nAn't I . 1- I . 1. ... ! O rw a t (ha .1- n .I' I .m n ...,,.-, 1.1 !n i
irii( l a large uuu peu 111 wuicii iuj.vw .' i ntio . umui . iu.
house the prisoners. He reported the ' Loyalty To Country.
structure was ready today. j The pacifists declared that they were!
Will Examine All unaware that the- resolution was to
Every man arrested will be' exam-; u" luuff- 1 "cy ,,muB uu move i
ined to determine whether he evaded : ,ur u nowever, ana u
(By Review Leased Wire.)
SAN ANTONIO, Tex.. Nov. 20.
Col. Frederick Close of Kansas !
City. Mo., former president of the !
board of managers of the National
Homes for DiRabied Volunteer Sol
diers, arre.ned here by federal hu-j
thorities on a charge of embezzle-i'. . .
ment of government funds and con- , Fighting Stops Meal But Does
spirary to defraud the United
States out of money and property.
today waived examination and was :
released on bond of $2500 to appear
before a fedeial grand jury at Kan- !'
sas City. ;
It is alleged that in his capacity (
as president of the board of man-i'
Not Hurt AppetiteDug
outs Are Full of Rats and
Soldiers Keep Army of Cats
iicrais. omer anegea agents of une 8tnlct a )arKe ..buU pen- ln wnich t0ence to the war were concurred in.
German empire and adventurers.
To Weaken British
The government contends that the
Indians, induced by an "ideal of free
ing their country from British rule,!
agers of the National Home for
Disabled Volunteer Soldiers Colo-.
nel Close embezzled more than Ji
'joined with the German defendants
and with adventurers influenced by
those who can show they are not meiu-j
HAIG REPORTS
T m'lVlV X' .. OA Th Mn.t tllA TrnaiUUt rt f. n .. 1 ;n I n ...
.,u.. .v . B., , ber8 of the i. vv. W. will be released,
from Field Marshal Haig-s Jieadquar- plan to cause mut.ny among the na- 'se who cannot snow th have
ters in Flanders tonight reads: tlve troops in Brit.sh Indian. business in the oil fields will be
"Soon after daybreak this mornin? Two things were to be accomplish-j nandled by Iocal ,r state authorities,
we carried out a series of operations ed by the alleged conspiracy, the ROv-jwhn- pnv rnnRiAfid Aanrlrnna vm
I the draft registration, it is said, while!'" pint,d JUt tha;- whi,e tneir fiKhti
: yesterday was based on a vote of con
fidence in President Gompers, today's
resolution called for a declaration on a
clear cut question of loyalty to the
country .
This resolution with others from the
committee on resolutions occupied vir-i
These operations have been conduct- freed and Great Britain. was to have'i , ' tually the entire day. Vice President j
ed with satisfactory results. A con- been forced to withdraw troops from) The Aueu8ta raill wag made UDon!James Duncan made a reDort at th I
siderable quantity of material and a the continental battle fronts, thus'. ,, kj,.,(, r i auernoon session on ms trip to Russia
between St. Quentin and the Scarpe. ernment charges. India was to be
be dealt with by the government, the
A. font hpflrinunrtpra nf fhp nrtrnntTn.
number of prisoners have been taken, weakening the allied forces. The plot; tlon m that 8ection. ,t 1s said much
but no estimate can yet be given." had spread greatly, the Eovernmenti i,-.... ..,, .,
GERMANS REPLYING
BERLIN, via London. Nov. 21.
The supplementary report from gen
eral headquarters tonight says:
-"There was lively artillery activity
at Poelcapfllo and Passchendaele
(Flanders). In the region between
nad spread greatly, the government
alleges, until it flourished in many
places on the Pacific coast, in most
large American cities, in India and
Mexico.
Opening Dramatic
The trial opene-) dramatically. Aft
er the defendants had been Identified,
United States District Attorney John
W. Preston moved that the charges
Ernest
the roads leading from Bapaume and
Peronne toward Cambrai, the British ' against five of the defendants
attacked with strong forces and gain- Sekunna of New York
ed ground. Our counter measures are Russ. who received his com
in full swing." j the United States army in the first
I reserve officers' training camn here:
literature containing
ganda was ' confiscated
and several
as a member of the commission ap
pointed by President Wilson, and Gil
ford Pinchot, speaking for the federat
ed b'jard of farm organizations, askeJ
(By Review Leased Wire.)
WITH THE AMERICAN-ARMY IN
FRANCE. Nov. 20. The American ar
tillery and infantry at the front are
$40.0W frptn the post fund of the- ' . .
) The correspondents visiting- the lni
', ipediate front through the courtesy of
; the French staff found that the Ameri
, cans had taken advantage of the rain
j less weather and were devoting all
" their energies to changing, as they
f put it, "Germans into casualties."
On Their Toea
Thoy are on their toes every minute
and are not letting a single opportnn-
I ity slip to drop a shell or to send ma
' chine gun and rifle bullets where the
j enemy Is seen, or where he even is
I suspected of being. There is no doubt
j that the men like the life they are
Resn-jnsibili-1 living. They are as cool and methodi-
of New Yorklcal as " tneJ nad Deen do,nS nothing
national soldiers homes.
NEW YORK WOMEN
NOW HAVE DUTY
ROOSEVELT
SAYS
(By Review Leased Wire.)
NEW YORK, Nov. 20,
ty which the women
leaders are said to have been among , for c,0SPr relatlons between the fa,m.j state have inherited through their en-1 else than fightipg throughout their
the men arrested.
The
Busy In Kansas
activities, of. the I. W.
W. in
ers organizations and
Federation of Labor .
the American'
the' Oil fields of.
hive been
. Negro Labor.
The onlv resolution that caused pt-
nnripr nhaori'df Win lir Hpnartmpnt nt . . .....
, tenaea aeoate related to the organiza-
justice investigators lor
weeks. The whipping of I.
several
W. W.
t mpmliprs at Tnlsn. Okln . &tt?mpntpf1
Capt. Ralph tJler w forces fron, QklahoniH
,m m iocirtn in I T
iiiiliioniuu iu
GET FIVE SUBS
LONDON. Nov. 20. Five German
submarines were destroyed on Satur
day, Premier Lloyd-George announced
today in the liouse of commons.
The statement was made by the
premier in connection with his state
ment relative to the creation of a su-
M. Martinez, San Diego, Cal., attor
ney; Leopold Michaels, multi-millionaire
ship owner of San Francisco, and
Ray Howard. Los Angeles attorney, be
dismissed on the ground that it would
not be "just and fair" to prosecute
them. The $10,000 bail of John R
Craig, millionaire shipbuilder of lng
. w . . .. jiD r r - . I
. ,, I preme war council. He was speaking ! Beach, Cal., the only defendant who
, of the growing efficiency of the al-! failed to appear, was declared for-
. uies warfare against the submarine i teued and a bench warrant was is-i
Between the Erenta and the Piave j mw!aiiprt fr Mm iotnoc r, t :
and stickers bearing the pictures of
an angry black cat and the word "Sa
botage" appeared. This was followed
by several mysterious fires, and the
placing of the armed guards. The
Kansas and Oklahoma oil fields are
controlled largely by the same inter
ests and reports spread that the I. W.
W. agitators planned to avenge the
(Continued on Pa T.l
rivers on the northern front of the Ital
ian theatre, the Italians are tenacious
ly nolding back the enemy and prevent
ing his advance southward to the Ve
netian plain, the gaining of which
would threaten Jieir entire line along
the Piave river southward to the Adri
atic sea. Four times attacks against
! of ships nunk by the German under-j Beach said Craig's non-appearance!
' sea craft.
RAILROAD
war office statement reads:
"Italian front: Strong Italian coun-
M'jnte Tomba, the chief position still ter ntcks against the positions cap-
blocking the way from the hilly coun
try to the plain, have been repulsed
by the I Lilians.
East of the Asiago plateau the Ital
ians are keeping up their offensive
was due to a misunderstanding. over a
'demurrer be had filed to the Indict-
t
DESPERATE FIGHTING ' jment against him. He was reported
BERLIN, Nov. 20 Today's official ;cn his way here tonight. '
Postpone Trial
District. Attorney Preston moved
that the trials of three other defend
ants be indefinitely postponed. One of
WAR
ASSURED
more than three hundred prisoners and
a number of machine guns and several
hundred rifles. Along the Piave river
the enemy apparently has made no
further effort to cross the stream, after
the serious losses lie sustained in be
ing dr'ven back- Monday from the Zen
son bridgehead.
Haig Active.
Shifting his 'offensive to the south.
Field Marshal Haig has delivered a
series of attacks against the Ger
mans in the region between St. Quen
tin and the river Scarpe in France
territory on which there has been lit
tle fighting since the spring offensive
when notable gains eastward from
Arras to Peronne were made. Details
of the new offensive are not yet at
hand but the British official communi
cation says that the strike had satis
factory results and that a number of
prisoners and a considerable quantity
of materials have been gained Vn the
roads leading from Bapaume and Per-
tured by us on the northern slope of
Monte Tomba led yesterday to des-i these, Surandrar Nath Kar. was dying
perate fighting. The fire of our ar-jin a Berkeley (Cal.) . sanitarium, he
tlllerv and machine euns thinned thel explained. The cases against Solon
ranks of the enemy, w
close masses, and o
him hack Into his former positions. n the trial, w
Strong firing continues in this fighting! poned on the ground or advanced age
sector. !a.nl Hl-health.
"On the lower Piave there was) Five Jurors had been temporarily
nothing new to report." passed when court adjourned. The de-
I tense. In questioning talesmen, empha-
ITALY CAPTURES PRISONERS sized that many of the defendants!
ROME, Nov. 20. Today's official: were subjects of Germany, and was!
statement says: j particular to ask whether the fact that j
"The struggle began on the Monte, a state of war now existed between
Tomba-Monte Monfenera front Satur-the
day night is continuing fiercely. The have any effect with them?
enemy four times interrupted the bom-. Juror Excused
bardment of our positions on the Ray W. Simonds. prospective juror.
Monte Monfenera spur to launch his, was excused when he said that Secre
masses aganist them. Each time ourjtary of State Lansing'B disclosures-of
troops, with courage beyond all praise, the workings of German Intrigue in
drove them back. . j this , and . other countries probably! tHng disputes through discussion elim
"In the Meletta region (east" of would Impel him to give more ere- jnates whatever chance there might
Asiago) our parties yesterday contln- dence to the government's case than bc a traffic strike due to misunder
ued the local oflensive operations.: to any testimony offered by defense, standings and the coming negotia. ions,
which on Sunday and Monday alto-iHe explained that this attitude was commencing Thursday at the White
gether gained us 306 prisoners. In-, impersonal. House when President Wilson will con
cluding eight officers. five machin "Your attitude probably reflects that fer with the brotherhood representa
guns and several hundred rifles." iof many other American citizens." j tives" are liAked upon as likely to
imented Judge William C. Van Fleet.' make this still more certain.
I who is presiding. j Word that two strikes had been
The trial probably will consume averted by the attitude of railroads
I three months, said District Attorney and employees toward the war
mediation today.
franchisemen: were outlined by Colo-lIlves-
nel Theodore Roosevelt at a mass' The , fine group in the first line
meeting tonight In the Metropolitan op-1 trenches had Just sat down to their
rea house in celebration of the leetnt ' salmon sandwiches and coffee when
women suffrage victory. Governor) they Jumped up and ct loose witi
tion of negro labor. It was submitted " niiman ana ur. Anna nowaro. onaw ; - --
by Delegate Murphy of San Francis. " speakers. ' , were discovered hanging out clothe-
and embodied in its preamble a resolu-1 Lionel Kooseveit arousea me entnu-1 - - " - -
tion adopted bv the International Ne-;8iastn of the wompn wbea he express--saw the enemy dive for cover like
gro league and presented to the San'"" hP the federal women , rabbits and then they wen .on with
Francisco labor council for endorse- suffrage amendment would soon be j their meal as if nothing had happened.
mpnt Tho nPirrn lpniMiP'a rpnlnriniT auopiea. men nesaiu HC WUUIU .... j
specifically reterred to the "southern sPeak thera aDout thtir newly ac- j
BintPK" . tha nH rf r.np in. ' Quired "heavy responsibilities.
o:.....i -i u.... d-4 n. ...... ! does not absorb water like a
Ulticu lilt? IttLC. l.lMOfc rtiiwiin wuis.
:.. ti;.-m ,i koi ihut ! as In some other localities
to tne convention, assumed no resnon- you should be given a rijjht." he said,nas been no rain for three days, so
nihility for the statements in the nre- "to which in mv iudirment vou were
amble of the Murphy resolution and ; entitled. Now you have been givVn ! to of ,he men 8now evidepces ot
this particular sectiou of
I France's long battle front the ear'.n
?ponge
There
; the ground is fairly dry. The un:
recommended reference to the execu- itts right. Now my appeal is not fori
where mud once had been, but that
TROUBLE 'DURING
IS
(By Review Leased Wire.)
WASHINGTON, Nov. 20. C'Jnoes-
h Ermo in ! Leonhauser. Buddhist nriest. and hl,ains made by both the railroads and
! .... - 4lin han An nf tha fmiv K Wti V Ofl I fUlll il ll
. ... . . . . . . 1 . j ir U'ira MBfiO thA nn v nman Hafoniiant I mo toua V .n
against tne invaders and nave taKen -- ". r .ui..u, u,,c rr j , nr.pn, waPp issp i-l
ere aiso ordered post- - i
utKeu Dy uuiciam as cuiupieic oui-;
ance that Americas warfare against
Germany will go forward 10 the end
unhampered by the possibilities of
transportation tie-ups over wage ditli-
I cutties.
The 'offer of the roads to place their
interests in the hands of the president
for such decision as he may deem
npfpnanrv nnA nf thp hrnthprhnnris to
United States and Germany would ;mediate estions of wages, it
B finv pffpet n-ttli them' I ......
was pointed out today at tne omce oi
the board of mediation and conciliation
have rAt been limited as to time. They
will be effective until peace is won.
Officials believe that such unquali
fied adhesion to the principle of set
tivp foiinfll nf rinlv that nurt fit it pp-; vnti hnf tn vnn N'nir 1 most pariipst-. I all.
fcrring fj organization of the negroes. ly "and solemnly ask that you will wellj t-1 lirst ,inf trenches which
O. D. Gorman of Georgia, protested j and faithfully perform the duty which a hill, the German first line
against the reference to the soutiiern the giving of the risht entails. ' can be seen clearly between 500 and
states remaining in the record ana "What we citizens of the democracy 100 7' away- There was some
moved as an amendment to strike out I who enjoy full political rights need to (thing In the German first line once
the entire section. (remember is that we hae no moral ! which will never go back to Germany.
Object Tc Statement righ; to their enjoyment, and that in j It is a woolly dog which deserted the
"The ulanehter at .Fast st T-nuis thp lnnir nm we will not be neniiltted ! enemy, crossed No Man's Land an l
came as a result of thefts by starving to enjoy them, unless we perform the
negroes enticed away from their south-j duties necessarily implied in their pos
ern homes." Gorman said. "I defy any j session. In this world neither man
delegate to p'jint to one instance of a, nor woman has any right to the enpy
negro being killed for robbery in the i ment of a privilege unless he or she
south. I resent this reference to the 'accepts and fulfills the obligations ac
southern states. The treatment of the I companying it.
negro in the south is better than it has ! Moral Treason.
been in the north." j A democracy that represents mere- j parapet and through the barbed wire
Finally, the report was amended by ' ly the enjoyment of privilge is bound j entanglements as if there were no
the resolutions committee to read:! in the end to go down. It Is only a i war.
democracy based on service which can j No Hyphen
permanently endure. The enjymentl "This pup." said one of the ol
of the right and the performance of the ' diers." is a naturalized American and
bcunded into an American trench one .
dark night recently. It licked the
hand of an American "doughboy" and-"
was promptly fed with a piece ft
white bread and a handful of Colum
bia river salmon. He was thereupon
adopted and now roams all around
the trenches and even walks upon the
Ordinance- Eliminating Saloons
j-j . j i 1 1 , y A I unree monins. saia msinc-i Aiiorney and emplovees io
' JjelieVeU AUOpteU at JLOS A.ngeleS ron o conducting the prose-i reached tWboard of
"Your committee connot be responsi
ble for and rejects the statements con
tained in the preamble of the resolu
tion," and as so amended the report
was adopted.
Russia Needs Opportunity.
In his address on Russia, Vice Presi
dent Duncan expressed confidence in
the ultimate formation of a stable and
lasting republican government there.
"Give them an opportunity to devel
op their pew democracy and there will
be born in it a national spirit f'at will
be .worth fighting for," he said.
duty must go hand in hand."
Women coiflmit "moral treason"
against the United Sta.es, who do not
there Is no hyphen aboat him. He han
entirely forgotten all his Boche con
nections. 1 hope he gets a chance f
insist that the war be fought to a vie-1 bite the kaiser.
torious conclusion. Colonel Roosevelt
declared. He condemned the "Ger
manized Socialists, in this county,
men and women alike, the profession
al pacifists and (he professional pro--1
(Continiipd on Paee Two)
I
- Americans In Action
As the correspondents approached
the trench lines over the shell-pittel
ground the enemy started breaking
over the first line. This firing lasted
fCnnttniwd on Paee Twni
cution. Eleven attorneys appeared for
the varous defendants.
Soldier Guards
Hindu prisoners who, because of
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 20 Anti-liquor; The ordinance permits the sale In
forces claimed victory tonight in their , original packages and in quantities of
fight for the adaption of an initiative ! wines and liquors containing not to ex- j lack of ball are held at the military
ordinance providing for the elimina-1 ceed 14 percent alcohol and allows J prison on Alcatraz Island, nre acrom
tion of saloons from Los Angeles after j cafes and restaurants to serve such i panied to the court by a detachment
April 30. 1938. jliquOrs until 9 p. m. but not later. It of armed United States infantrymen.
Six hundred and seventy precincts of eliminates saloons. Special precautions were taken to
the 706 in the city had reported late Two other anti-liquor measures. ; guard the court room against unto- willing to meet heir employees for a
tonight on the resul t of today's vote, more favorable to retailers, wholesal-1 ward occurrences. The trial is closed discussion of grievances over'work
The vote as announced was 50.827 for ! ers, hotels and restaurants, were de- to the public and admission Is by card! ing conditions and mediation Is expect
the ordinance and 32,627 against It feated by heavy votes. j only. I ed to forestall a rupture.
Wage differences which threatened a
walkout of 'engineers and firemen, on
the New York and New Haven and
Hartford will be arbitrated through an
agreement reached by two sides. The
management of the St. Louis and San
Franrisco cleared away misapprehen
sions of their men by notifying the
railroad war board here that they were
Fearing Mexican Bandits American
Mining Men Flee From Chihuahua
(By Review Leased Wire.) dits who have do connection with any eral bands that had been operating
EL PASO. Tex., 'Nov. 20. Today's j general movement against the gov- along the Rio Grande east of Juarez
train over the Mexican Central from I ernment Andres G. Garcia, inspector had disappeared. He .said Villa was
Chihuahua brought a number of; general of consulates, who returned not present during the fighting around
American piining men who were I from Presidio, denied the published Ojinaga. and that Villa feared the
reports that the bandits were well sup- United States troops would cross the
plied with American currency. "Not-1 river and capture him should he ap
withstanding reports which were sent proach the border. Mr. Garcia, on be
out from Presidio." said Mr. Garcia, half of his government expressed the
"the bandits did not have money, appreciation of the kind treatment ao
forced to leave their properties in
western Chihuahua on account of the
activities of bandits. Due to unrest
and uncertainty foreign properties of
all descriptions are closing down and
their managers and employes are mak-i either in American currency or Mexl
ing their way to the border, thes" can gold. They were poorly rlotheil
men report. nd equipped and were nungry.
Mexican officials here stoutly de
clare that the government la In con
trol of the state of Chihuahua and
corded the Mexican refugees from
Ojiniga by the American army of
ficers. The arrival today in Juarez of be
tween 700 and 800 federal troops, it
Mr. Garcia expressed the opinion
that no bandits were operating within
a hundred miles of Juarez and that is believed, remove all immediate
that the attack upon and rapture of there was no danger or an attack on, danger or an attack upon the bonier
Ojln.iga was merely the work of ban-lino border town. He said that ser-;town by the Villa followers. TWO
IXTEK-ALLY WAR BOARD DIRECTS
ITALIANS' STAND AGAINST FOE
vA'-' 9 KQ --P
V - . t ' J ! V : x : I
, V'y Y. - ' 4
i ii r "iii i'ii miilMii ft iiii n mm -ak . r4
Above, left to right: General Foch
of the French army and General
Cadorna, of the Italians. Below:
General Henry IL Wilson of the
British army. Map Ehowa (dotted
line), the proposed Italian stand
alonjr the Piare river, and arrows
indicate probable approach of the
Teutons' Trentino army.
With the establishment of an inter
ally war board the allies are taking
a hand in the situation on the Italian
front General Cadorna has been re
iroved from the command of the
Italian ermies to serve on the new
to?.nJ, vrh-se other members are
General Koch, chief of staff of the ;
French ministry; General Henry H. i
Vii.v-v.!. sr.b-chief of the British ger.- i
cia! sLitf. The new jo:rd will Le in'
American Soldiers
On French' Front
. (Continued From Page One.) :..
but a brief time, stopping as suddenly
as it began. Immediately afterward
came detonations from the rear and
the whiz of shells over-head a Un
American batteries got into action.
Then smoke puffs suddenly began ap
pearing over the German trenches. !
The infantrymen looked cautiously
over No Man's Land while the lirin
was going on, but as soon as it was
over Uiey appeared to forget all
about it
In a nearby dugout the men off duty
had not ven beard the racket. Their
principal w;orry seemed to be rats.
Many Cats
One occupant of the dugout explain
ed that there was sleeping room in it
for thirty-eight men and that twelve
cats were kept in it. Cats were every
where, some sleeping on folded blan
kets and some prowling in dark cor
r
Superior
RacineWoolShirtsl
. Racine Wool Shirts are without a doubt much superior to
, other makes, and this claim is vouched for by the men who
.wear them and who fell us that they are superior to any
other that ttey can secure, even at more money.
Radne Skirts are made from pure wool and you know
how difficult it is to obtain pure wool fabrics today, and the
advanced prices you have to pay. Through early buying on
our part we are able to sell you wool shirta at from 50c to
$1.00 less than actual value, and as much or more than that
below what other stores ask for equal quality. Flannel shirts
are very essential at this Reason of the year, protecting you
from sudden changes and every man, whether lnrtde or out
side, should have cne or more Wool Shirts Racine make,
of course.,
An excellent assortment to select from just now in colors
of Gray, Oxford, Tan, Olive, Navy. Brown and Gray Mix
tures, in low or Military collars, bellows and flat pockets to
button. ' ..
Racine Shirts Are t0 rrn cnn
Priced From $4.DUtO$4.UU
Up to $6.00 Sweaters at $3.95
Htre is a Sweater offer that should interest every man in'Bisbee and vicinity, because, first the
so;Mn demands Sweaters
Xfductiun.
and,
Thse arevery heavy Sweaters, ideal for
1 'jjgpel
supreme command of the oumpaitrn
against the central powers on the
Italian front The Austro-Gcrman
Trt- : . rmy is beinp held inactive
in l o :. . !, it is tho ght. to be
1'i-oiiiht upon the Italians in the rear
should they make too successful a
stand along the Piave river.
ners or stalking their prey.
The men all appeared to be in- the
best of health, although during the
wet and cold weather of previous days
several men in this uoit bad contract
ed "trench feet" and cold.
While the sun was going down be
hind the hills-and the darkness was
comin? on swiftly scarcely a shot was
fired. Just as the' sun passed below
the horizon, however, the German bat
teries opened up on one of the Ameri
can battery positions with a hot fire,
the high explosives bursting with the
regularity of the -c!jck tick about
one every second.
Yanks Retaliate
The bombardment lasted a couple
cf minutes and then ended abruptly.
Immediately the American batteries
retaliated, flashes of orange colored
llame stabbing the night. The de
tonations, some heavy and tome light
coatinued for some time with as
much speed as the Germans had
shown: Then the "strafing" and the
answer being over the artillery set
tled c'own for the night of usual quiet
in Every
second, on account of the very uuubual value offered by the price
winter, well matie from wool mixtures, shaker and jumho
knit. Choice of Shawl collar or
1 i-Ljm.i
NewYork Women
Now Have Duty
(Continued From Page One.)
Germans and all others who aid and
abet them," as traitors tt America and
to mankind.
.Women Must Help.
Although the war, he said, is the
"prime duty of the moment, there were
other problems which he believed the
extension of suffrage would clarify.
"It is my belief," he said, "that cer
tain duties in the way of securing jus
tice about which many men are luke
warm, will enlist the support of al
most all women."
$49,209,411 Is
Received for Y
War Work Fund
(By Review Leased Wire.)
NEW YORK. Xov. 20. The nation
al war work cbuncil of the Y. M. C.,A.
announced heer tonight that the grand
total of the nation-wide ' war , fund
campaign is (49,209,411. This exceeds
bv nearlv IlS nOdOOn the, i as oon.ono
goal set at the beginning of the cam
I paign on November 12.
! President Wilson, on being informed
that the fund was greatly over-sub-
1 scribed, telegraphed congratulations to
; Dr. John R. Mott, general secretary
! of the council. '
"My heartfelt congratulations on the
remarkable and gratifying results,"
the president's telegram read. "I
think it is a national' blessing."
The eastern department with head
quarters in this city, collected $20,
091.665. Its quota was fixed at $15,
500,000. The central department, with
headquarters at Chicago, according to
incomplete returns, was second with
$18,380,733, as compared with a quota
of $12,500 000. The totals and the
cuota for the other departments are
as follows: Northeastern, Boston, $6,
368,925; quota. $5,000,000. Western.
Srn Francisco, $1,773,500; quota, $1.
250,000. Southwestern. Dallas, $1,387,
000; quota, $1,000,000. Southeastern,
Atlanta. $1,207,588; quota, $1,500,000.
A. H. Whitrord, national campaign
director, announced that the final fig
ures may exceed $50,000,000.
Dr. Mott in his message to tha
president, said it is "the desire of our
movement to strengthen your hands
! in every way in our power, in render
ing a larger and better service to the
enlisted men of our army and navy,
and also the forces of the nations
which have made common cause with
us." . 1 ,.
DO NOT FEAR
ATTACK AT JUAREZ
(By Review Leased Wire.)
MEXICO CITY, Nov. 20. The Mexi
can war office announces that an at
t5ack on Juarez by Villa forces Is not
feared or expected.
The war office, it is said, has sent
funds to Juarez for the relief of sol
diers who recently crossed to. the
American aide of the border so as not
to burden the American government
with unnecessary expense during their
internment Ae request has been for
warded to Washington for the release
of the Mexican tbldierg and their re
turn to Mexican territory.
REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS
Way Are
Coat style, colors in Gray, Dark
Oxford and Maroon. Sweaters that
are worth as high as $6, and have
sold at that, reduced
$3.95
to one
price
rf4 HI
AMERICAN
SHIPS
SUNK AT SEA;
NO DETAILS YET
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, Nov. 20. Secretary
Daniels today made this statement:
"The Chauncey, a small American
destroyer on patrol duty in foreign
wa.ers, was sunk in a collision early
Monday morning. First dispatches in
dicate that twenty-one lives were
lost Further information will be
made public when full reports are re
ceived. "The Chauncey was one of the old
type destroyers completed in 1902
Her displacement was 420 tons and
her complement ninety-one officers and
MEXICANS HAVE BEEN
DRAFTED INTO ARMY CLAIM
(By Review Leased Wire.)
MEXICO CITY, Nov. 20. Despite
President Carranza's declaration to a
committee from the chamber of depu
ties that Mexican citizens are not in
the American armies, El Demorcata
asserts that 2,000 Mexican have been
drafted In Texas and California and
they are now 1 nFrance against' their
wilL
American Ambassador Fletcher has
issued a statement saying:
"If any Mexican citizens have been
conscripted, his conscription was due
to his inability or failure to establish
Mexican nationality, and ifot ft desire
on the part of the government of the
United States to force him Into its mil
itary service."
NO FALL AND WINTER
MEET AT JUAREZ REPORT
(By Review Leased Wire.)
LOUISVILLE, Ky Nov. 20. There
will te no fall and winter meeting at
the Juarez race course.
Announcement to this effect was
made here tonight by Colonel Matt J.
Winn, manager of the Juarez track,
who said that recently adopted pass
port restrictions on travel to Mexico
had made the holding of a meeting im
possible. It would be necessary he said, for
patrons of the tracs going from El Pa
so to 'obtain a passport frpni the Amer
ican authorities and that this passport
would have to be renewed for each
trip to Juarez.
MEXICAN SECRETARY "ADVISES
MINING MEN TO WAIT
(By Review Leased Wire.)
MEXICO CITY, Nov. 20. Alberto J.
Pani the secretary 'of industry and;
commerce, lias issued a circular to air'
mining agencies not to accept new de-1
nouncements of mining claims and to
suspend further action until regula
tions are provided.
The order concerns gold, silver, cop
per, iron, lead, cobalt; zinc and sul
phur mines and other claims which
cover deposits in any l'orm, including
placer mines. The minerals named are
declared the property of the nation un
der article 27.
. W. W. Agitators
Are Rounded Up
(Continued From Page One.)
Tulsa whippings in the Kansas fields.
KANSAS CITY. Mo.. Nov. 20. A
;ound-up of I. W.W. members in the
ill fields of Kansas is to be made
immediately. Fred Robertson, district
attorney of Kansas City, announced
late today. More than 50 alleged I
W. W. members were arreRted in the
Butler county oil fields today, it was
announced.
The arrests today were made in the
vicinity of Augusta by state and fed
eral agents. It was announced. A
quantity of literature was seized.
The purpose of the raids will be to
rid the oil fields of the state of unde
sirables, federal officers say. and each
man arrested will be examined as to
whether he has registered.
The presence of alleged I. W. W.
members In the Butler county fields
recently led to the placing of arnied
guards.
INDICTMENTS RETURNED.
FRESNO. Calir.. Nov. 20. Indict
ments charged editionLand conspiracy
to defeat the war measures of the
United States, were returned here to
night by the federal grand Jury against
twen'y-flve alleged members of the I.
W. W. Fifteen of the men are in jail
here, five have been sent to Chicago
for trial on previous federal Indict
ments and bench warrents have been j
issued for the remaining five. One of j
the fifteen men indicated and in jail i
here is Walter Fred Little, members jf
the general executive board of the I.
W. W., and brother of Frank Lit'.le.
an executive officer of the organization
who was lynched ut Butte last sum
mer. The indictments specifically accuse
the twenty-five men of interfering with
the operations of the selective draf.
act by com-eallng men subject to Its
provisions: with setting fire to crops
nd with c'jiifplracj- to hamper manu
facture of munitions and supplies for
war and to embarrass the government
Steamer Bearing
Enemy Diplom a ts
Detained in Port
(By Review Leased Wire.)
AN ATLANTIC PORT, Nov. 20.
German and Austrian diplomats and
consular representatives from Asiatic
countries boarded a Norwegian steam
ship here today to return to their
native countries under a safe conduct
granted by the allied governments
The ship was to have sailed today,
but was unexpectedly held at her port
by the government's agents, presuma
bly to compfete an examination, of
the baggage of the party, which num
bered 68. It was expetced the vessel
would get away tomorrow.
The party arrived here from the
Pacific coast Friday and has bertl
staying at two hotels under the sur-fn
veillance of agents of the department
of justice. The members were driven:
to the pier in automobiles with drawn
curtains . '
Rarnn Arthur vnn Rosthorn. AuS-
.t- Ti..-.w ;..c.o- rt,!n-
, .. . . . hl.,
was given his passports when China'
-' ' " f i
declared war. was a member. A man
wbo said be Is Casper Wrede, a Finn,
was arrested as he. was walking up
the gang plank of the ship late to
day, when it was found that his bag
gage bad not been inspected. He was
turned over to federal agents and
eld pending fur'her. investigation.
Wrede. who said he is an aviator
fnd had been working near Cleveland.
O., for several months, was armed
with a pistol. In a suit case which j nel tnroui?ll which lhe reports were re
e c.rried inspectors found a quantity i ceived Is a neutral diploamtic one. al
of nuts and bolts and several pieces
of steel tubing. Wrede said these
"omprfsed airplane parts.
CEREBEAL SPINAL MENINGITIS
EPIDEMIC AT FUNSTON.
(By RevieWLeased Wire.)
MANHATTAN. Kans.. Nov. 20. De
clarin that spinal meningitis is on the
increase at Camp Funston, where mem
bers of the eighty-ninth division are in
training. Senior Surgeon Charles E.
aBnks of the United States public
health service today warned citizens of
Manhattan to remain away from the
camp and to suspend public gatherings
o which s'jldiers are invited.
SLACKER IS PLEASED
WITH JAIL SENTENCE
(By Review Leased Wire.)
NEW YORK, Nov. 20. Disheveled,
long-haired 'and unshaven. Charles D.
Regan, a youth of conscripton age,
found . in a cellar where he had been
hiding for several weeks and brought
Into the federal court today for evad
ing the draft said to the judge:
"I evaded the draft because I am
afraid to go to war."
Regan appeared delighted when he
was sentenced to jail for six months.
. RIOTING AT BERLIN
(By Review Leased Wire.)
LONDON, Nov. 20. Serious riot
ng took plae in Berlin last Sunday,
nccording to dispatches received by
ihe wireless press and the Exchange
Telegraph company from Amsterdam.
WHEN FALSE TONGUES SPEAK
The play to be shown at the Eagle
Vdnesday and Thursday, "When
False Tongues Speak,"
mystery and no thrills.
The mystery,
'n the play is in the well developed
h eplcture unquestionably one of the'
best that has ever been shown here.l
trBinta Ponnn ta .orr ! .v, ..).!
- ... .a ...... ,1, 1 11 V. 1 1 V
ture, and she is supported by a very!
;ood cast. I
REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS
mik Vte&?f si vAhA nSmk
is a full-bodied
mans drink, its
snappy flavor
Hi
B
rnaK&!5 it
M with father andfi
it is pure and!
drug free child- H,
ren can drink it Si
i
jRSS&T'as'. . ... -
RUSSIA
1
DECLARE FOR
PEACE PLAN
. COPENHAGEN, Nov. 20. The Ber
lin correspondent of the National Tid- j
ende learns that the German govern-1
ment has received information by an
indirect route that the Russian Maxi
malist government has declared Rus
sia out of the war.
The correspondent ascribes his in-
Mormauon io a cume.n 8UU.cB. i
the dispatch indica:ing it was re-
j vea "a numary qu-rw. w..c.
he declares, the belief now is held
that the prospects for a "peace of con
ciliation" are far better than before.
He adds a long statement on the mil-
itary situation, t
to mdlca:e that the en-
tente might as well give up all hope of
J-frt,i ra,nian,r atiH ffma n forma
with the central powers. ,
Believed Feeler. . '
The whole dispatch gives the impres
sion of having been carefully preparec
officially tvr the correspondent ' and
may be regarded as a feeler.
Reports from Stockholm, also men
tionin g the alleged de:ermlnation of
the Boleshevikl government to declare
the war ended as far as Russia is con
cerned, indicate that the indirect chan-
though It is declared that the Swedish
foreign office is Ti'j: the source in ques-;
tion. The Boleshevlki, in the alleged ,
overtures, claims to have established j
their power throughout Russia and to I
be in a position to enforce their will.
Nothing has been heard in usually i
well informed Danish quarters this af-
ternoon withe regard to the report A
Dane wh'o is in a position to judge the
sentiment of both England and Ger
many, tpld the Associated Press today i
that he expected a long continuation
of the war. I
(By Review Leased Wire.)
LONDON, Nov. 20. A Copenhagen
dispatch to the Exchange Telegraph
company, says:
"The National Tidende's Berlin cor
respondent learns indirectly that the
new Russian government has officially
declared it has left the ranks of the
belligerents and is ready to conclude
a separate peace."
STOCKHOLM. Nov. 20. The Afton
Tidtningen claims to have learned
through diplomatic channels that Rus
sia will shortly .withdraw from offi
cial participation in the war.
2,500 POUNDS OF
SUGAR CONFISCATED
(By Review Leased Wire.)
EAGLE PAS3. Tex.. Nov. 20. An
attempt at wholesale smuggling of su-';
gar into Mexico was nipped here to-j
day, customs authorities declared,
when they confiscated "2500 pounds
which a Mexican had purchased and
which is all!loaaea lnl a ws saing ne way
Komg to uei mo, iex. two Mexicans
were arrested.
CLASS WILL MEET
Mr- 'hitwell's geology class
meet at 1 o'clok this afternoon.
will
This
is a speial meeting and a large at
tendance is requested. A pleasing
I special feature for the class has been
j arranged for today's meeting.
i
1
REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS
f-vV-y
j?
ravnr
r5
'.A
... -
. ...'Jriy
J. B.
ANGIUS
PURE
FOOD
GROCER
8
I
I
L
PHONE 29
Have You
Noticed
That There Are More
of Our Signs on New
Houses All the Time?
WHY!
Because they figured
with US. Insist that
your contractor figure
with US before you let
your job. .
You can buy no better
material or for less
money anywhere.
Gibson -Hines
Lumber Co.
J.W.F Smitli.mr. PhoneSS
BISBEE TRANSFER,,
STORAGE & COAL CO.
Warehouse & Office Opposite Depot
PHONES' 640 and 50.'
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Solicits Your
Patronage
PHONE 58
THE REVIEW
Job Department
will furnish you an estimate
on that job on short notice
Telephone 446
A Phone Call Will Bring Us.
LOS ANGELES JUNK SHOP.
Highest Cash Prices Paid For
! Metals. Rubber, Rags, Sack, Bottles,
cones, iron, niaca. rciia, cu.
HOROWITZ BROTHERS, Proprietor
Lowell, Arizona. ,
GUARD YOUR
HEALTH!
Use Pasteurized Cream and Milk
At Your Grocer.
i
The Pure Milk Depot,
Johnson Bldg, Main St
WaTKINS & BERGQU1ST
Jewelers and Opticians ,
V-S - rTTS,
I
Th I'M-IMARX. Store I
CATARRH
BLADDER
'24 Hours
tach Cr- s
' VWV.VwVWVt'VWVrVVW A
! I -XiSf t!
,1 THREE
f
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 21, 1917. .&
i
mis Sto
and : Sff
Overcoats w
State
Clothes
That Will Fit Your Figure and Your Personality
THE HOME OF
$20 Stadium and Gold Bond Gothes
Here service to men is not confined to age, taste, size
or income. It is a store of all men Capable of satis
fying all men Catering to all.
OUR PRICES ARE RIGHT
We also carry a full line of Mackinaws, AJ1
wool Sweaters, and complete line of Furnishings and
STETSON HATS.
n R i i
lhe LJtst J-imays,
j
Sole Agent for
JUST WRIGHT SHOES
,They Are Guaranteed
THIS MAN COULDN'T
WALK ACROSS ROOM
Says Condition Was Almost
Hopeless When He Began
Taking Tanlac Trou
bles Now Over
GHT
AGAINST
r,
r
WANTED
Heavy Hauling Contract. We Have
3 Six-ton Trucks
Five-ton Truck
2 Two-ton Trucks
2 Five-ton Trailers
With
for which we want steady work.
this equipment we can haul anything
anywhere that four wheels have ever,
been. Write or wire us. Long term
contract vanted, but will consider any
thing. GarfordArizonaTruGkCo.
TUCSON, ARIZONA
"I was in such a weak and rundown
condition before taking Tanlac I
couldn't walk across the room without
becoming exhausted " declared L. E.
Hortman of 2403 Gold street, a well
kijwn employee of the Great Western
Oil Co.. El Paso. Before coming to El
Paso three years ago Mr. Hortman was
for many years assistant superintend
ent of the Shreveport Electric Com
pany, of Shreveporl, La.
"About four years ago." he explain
ed. "I had an attack of the grip, com
plicated with pneumonia and my
health gave way entirely. My system
seemed to be full of malaria and I ha.l
a very, bad case of stomach trouble,
too, and for months all I could eat was
raw eggs and buttermilk. I had terri
ble headaches and was so nervous ai' i
tormented I just-couldn't sleep narj;y
at all. I was in such a terribio con
dition I had to resign my position and
thinking a change of climate might
help nie I came Vut here but did not
get any better.
"I had about given up all hope of
ever getting well again but when I saw
what Tanlac had done for one of my
friends I got a bottle. Well, sir, it
went right to the seat of my trouble
and I began to feel a big difference
right away. My appetite improved
and I can now eat things that would
have been like poison to me a few
weeks ago. My skin seems Vo be clear
I have no more headaches, my nerves
are all right and I sleep like a log. I
have more vim and energy than I have
hade in a long time and am so much
stronger that I am now working every
day."
Tanlac is sold in Eisbee by J. M.
Ball, 1n Douglas by "Douglas Drug Co.,
In Paradise by G. A. Walker, In Bowie
by Bowie Drug Store, In San Simon by
J. B. Cooke, in Willcox by A. A. Nich
olson, in Lowell by Lowell Drug Co.,
and In Benson by C. P. Moss Phar
macy. Adv.
FRENCH
Cabinet
PREPARES
T
ERMS
FIGHTER IS EXEMPTED
BUT OFFERS SERVICES
NEW ORLEANS, Nov. 19. Pete
Herman, bantamweight champion, to-.
day was granted exemption from serv-;
ice in the national army upon the
claim of aged dependent parents and
three orphan children of a sister.
Herman Immediately telegraphed
W. C. Hoycroft, chairman of the com
mfltee on training camp activities for
the war department, offering his serv
ices as a losing instructor at one of
the cantonments.
I . (By Review Leased Wire.)
: PARIS. Nov. 20 Premier Clem
tnceau and his associates in the new
cabinet decided today upon the terms
of i.'ie declaration with which they
will go before parliament tomorrow.
It is described as a simple and
rtraightforward and almost laconic
cocument of about 600 words.
The preliminary correspondents of
the newspapers agree that the new
ministry will receive a vote of confi--"enre
by a very large majority after
, discussion of the interpellations.
'Must Be Victorious
: The declaration says that the cab
j inet will prosecute what it calls an
j"integrah war;" that the allies are
; fighting to establish a foundation for
: the future of the world, which means
I that the war can Vnd only by a vic
tory ot t.ne allies. Treason, tne dec
laration announces, will be pitilessly
suppressed N
The delicate question of the censor
ship is treated frankly. The political
censorship will be abolished absolute
ly and regulations for military news
will be so made as not to conwlict
with the liberty of the press.
middle Acfed iEStaT
.MA
Are Here Told the Best Remedy
for Their Troubles..
Freemont, O. "I was passing- through the critical
period of life, being1 forty-six years of age and had ail
the symptoms incident to that change heat flashes,
nervousness, and was in a general run down condition,
so it was hard for tne to do my work. Lydia. E. Pink
ham's Vegetable Compound was recommended to me as
the best remedy for my troubles.which itsurely proved
to be. I feel better and stronper in every way since
taking it, and the annoying symptoms have disap
peared." Mrs. M. Gowks, K'apolcoa St., Fremont,
Ohio.
North Haven, Conn. "Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegeta
ble Compound restored my health after evervthinpr else
had failed w hen pa&bing through change of There
is nothing like it to overcome the trying symptoms."
Mrfc. FluUksck lbKLL4,Ik2 197, North Haven, Conn.
Ik S&sdh G
LYDIA B. PI
NKHAWS
mmmz .comfouwi
LYT!A E.PWKI'AM MEOICIKE CO. LYNN. MASS.
VILLA DIRECTS
Fl
FEDERAL ALLIES!
Many Rifles and Much Am
munition Is Discovered In
Caches at Ojinaga No
Ammunition Is Crossing
Border, Belief
I 1 L WA TRW I
(By Review Leased Wire.)
PRESIDIO, Tex., Nov. 20. Parlial
confirmation, of the fight yesterday be
tween Villa and federal forces at
Cut hillo Parado,' sixty miles southeast
of Ojinaga, was oDtained here to
night. Villa was reported to have left
San Juan del Rio yesterday and to
have directed the fighting, making the
trip in his big automobile. No details
of ,the reported fight have yet been
received.
Quantities of seven-millimeter and
30-30 ammunition and 600 rifles have
been uncovered by Villai in caches
scattered over the Ojinaga district
and have been issued to the Villa
troops, according to reliable informa
tion received here today.
One cache was said to have been
at Sao Carlos, thirty-five miles south
of the border, and another cache of
rifles is said to have been dug up
south of La Jitas.
Many Followers
Large quatities of ammunition were
buried by Villa when his revolution
'ailed, while other caches were placed
by the officers of the Orozco-IIuerta
movement. Villa partisans assert
Villa has 14 000 men In the state of
Chihuahua. 4000 of whom are without
arms. However, this number is con
sidered excessive.
Villa is believed to have obtained
little or do ammunition across the
American border since the embargo,
but succeeded in getting over 173 bars
of silver near La Jitas four months
ago, obtaining money for supplies.
Officer Wounded
It was discovered that all but two
of the inmates of the Villa hospital
were officers, several being majors
and colonels. One was found to be a
former Zapata officer sent by Zapata
to report to Martin Lopez. An opera
tion was performed upon a Mexican
federal soldier and his arm removed
at the shoulder. Capt. G. S. Murphy
of the medical reserve corps said it
was impossible to save the arm. It
had become infected while its owner
lay in the river bottom.
6)11 1
GAS
VIOLATORS OF
ESPIONAGE ACT
ARE RELEASED
(By Review Leased Wire.,
NEW YORK. Nov. 20. The seven
persons Indicted by a lederal grand
Jury here today on charges of crimi-i
nal violation of th(j espionage act in'
connection with the publication of!
The Masses, a socialist paper, were!
permitted their freedom tonight, butj
it was announced at the United States!
district attorney's office that they
would be arrested unless they volun-j
tartly appeared for arraignment. The!
indictments charge conspiracy to
cause dissension, disloyalty, mutiny
and Insubordination in the army and.
nuavy. Those indicted are:
Max Eastman, editorial writer;
Floyd Bell, managing editor; C. Mer
rill Rogers Jr.. business manager;
Henry J. Glynterkemp, and Arthur;
Young, cartoonist, and John Reed and
Josephine Bell, writers.
Government action was first direct
ed against The Masses last summer,
when Postmaster General Burleson,
closed the second-class mails to the
publication.' ,
HAWAIIAN ISLANDS
NEED MORE KELP
ASHURST DECLARES
(By fieview Leased Wire)
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 20. Sena
tor Henry F. Ashurst of Arizona, mem
ber of the congressional party which
recently went to the Hawiian islands
on an Investigating tour, returned to
this country today.
"There is no question that the
claims of the Hawaiian people for
larger appropriations for fortifications
and military roads are justified, and
this visit has opened the eyes of the
congressional representatives," said
Senator Ashurst.
These musicians that won't play
"The Star-Spangled Banner" persist
In remaining in a country where they
get "Star Spangled Banner" wages
and "Star Spangled Banner" schools
and freedom.
The process of heating water for domestic purposes has been rev
olutionized in the past few years through the introduction and
perfection'of gas fired water heaters, until today it is no longer a
a problem to secure an abundance of hot water quickly and econo
mically, in any dwelling, large or smalL
Today, in the countless thousands of homes where gas fired water heaters are in
stalled, an abundance of hot water is available for any purpose. By some types of heat
ers the water is heated instantly at the turn of a faucet, by others, within a few min
utes after lighting the heaters, and all without labor, inconvenience or discomfort, ind
at a reasonable cost for gas.
LET US SHOW YOU
Bisbee Improvement Co.
Permanent
Sachets
provide a lasting f rajzrance
for lingerie, veils, gloves and
handkerchiefs.
Made by incorporating natural
flower oils into a waxy substance.
Renewed indefinitely by scraping
sunace tightly ana thus
ing fresh globules of per
fumed oil.
Always an acceptable
gut.
Price
1
releas- 1 I
Twenty
H Five CenUy " I
ALL ABOARD!
for good boards, beams, timbers
and lumber of any kind. This
Is the place where such thing
are bought by builders who
know their business. Give us
your next order and you'll
know why. The difference in
the quantity ot lumber needed
and the time and money thus
saved will amaze you.
Bisb'ee Lumber Company. inc
EMIL MARKS, MGR.
LOWELL CAR STOP.
PHONE 25.
McDonalds Marinello
Phone 305
Shop
SUITS
MADE
TO
ORDER
Coo
VTo$20
Remember, these suits
are made from genuine
$25 materials.
Every thread guaran
teed Strictly All Wool
with a satisfactory fit or
your money back.
WE MAKE A SPECIALTY OF
LADIES' ALTERATIONS.
D. H. Evans
BREWERY GULCH
Opposite Uncle Jim's
mm
ff- w i , --
OF FIRE BURNING
OR BURGLARS
Stealing your private papers and Valuables when you
shut the home for the summer. "
There's Absolute Safety for both when protected
by our modern vaults
Private safes rent for $500 and up yearly.
Think this over then see.
CITIZENS BANK & TRUST COMPANY
Main Street.
Will E. McKee, President.
Bisbee, Arizona.
C. A. McDonald, Cashier.
Closing Out Odds and Ends
IN
Men's Suits
$12 to $15 Values Now
$6.95
GAR0&.C0. 20 Brewery Gulch
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
AND HIGH CLASS CAFE
The best of everything at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 60c luncheon daily. Also $ 1 .00 dinner from
5:30 to 7:30 p. m. Regular Board by the month, $40;
$10 by the week.
Henry Poppen, Manager.
EYE NERVE GLASSES
f Study and much re
1 xt search work since
. : " 1SS2, is the cause of
my successful practice
in Bisbee. Dr. R.
Glare, Neutrologlat, J
Room 1, Maze Bldg., Pbone, Office j
156, Residence, Black 420.
CHICHESTER S PILtS
V Til: aiAMIM) "RAMI. a
E.'ij ' M-fcj-lr IMml BrdA
la - fi a., r.l in j a fir m
W IS
HIArfoNI It MA Mi I'lLl'.. fc
rtksoUI! Vrsl.SatTst AI-,i KrliW i
BOLD BY D.UGGTS f VrRY.i.'iLi
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
mm
mm
WE II
Ydu Caa Get 5.0C3 to 10,000 Mort Met
out of them by using Gates Half-Sole TTres
" W will put them on for you and change your old tires
into new ones at about one-half the price you .would
have to pay for new tires.
Ypur tire comes into our plant, worn and scarred
. from service, and we deliver It back to you the same
tire madtj oversize and with a brand-new non-skid
tread of fresh rubber. Not a. square inch of your old
tire will be in sight, am! you will not fee ablejo tell it.
from a new tire.
GATESTJJgLE5
Arc atMclutrly giurantml for 3.500 mile of wear wttkoot
punctar and mJn, uteri art avcrastng troot (.000 lo 10 000 mile.
You cannot grt this kind ol guaranteed urvk rrom any tint on In
marktH without paying two or thrr times th toM ol a CatM
Halt-Sole Tim. -y '
LET US SHOW YOU .
Don't throw away another worn lire until you have Inveitlfljtrd
the r.ate Half -Sole. If vou are uuvintf the tire bitl mm will be ta-
Tt-rriiM and we are ready I
i to fctMjw vou h.nv to keen in vour own
rxx ket a tn part of the coat of new tire and get belter tire aervic
t.un vou nave ever had before. We suarar!e K.
LOWELL MOTOR CO. FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 21, 1917.
STIf Stains SiaiUt i&tvizw
PupHshed Every Day Except Monday By the
State Consolidated Publishing Company
The Y Work
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
The Associated Press Is exclusively entitled to the
use for republication of all news dispatches credited to
it or not otherwise credited to this paper and also the
local news published herein.
11 rights of republication of special dispatches herein
are also referred.
Business Office Phone No. 39.
Branch Connecting All Departments.
Advertising Rates on Application.
Imtmrnd a Second Class Mall Matter at Bisbee, Arizona
Under Act of March 8, 1879.
Subscription Rates, Payable In Advance:
tER MONTH I .76
THREE MONTHS X26
412 MONTHS 4.00
rWlXVE MONTHS 7.50
8UNDAV (Our Weekly) per year.... 2.50
iUNDAT (Our Weekly) per Quarter 7G
Mo Subscription Taken For Lass Than 75 Cents.
PHONE NO. 3
ftsview subacrloers not receiving a cpy of The Bisbee
Oally Rsvlew before 8 a. m. will get one promptly by
special Western Union Messenger by telephoning the
Circulation Department, No. 89. The Review will con
sider It a favor if the irregularity of delivery la reported
to the Circulation Department. .The Messenger service
applies to Bisbee only.
Wednesday Morning, November 21, 1917.
Arizona Roses
President Wilson, according to the Phoenix Gazette,
has sent to the people of Arizona a letter of thanks for
the box of American Beauty rosea that Governor Camp
bell sent to Mrs. Wilson. The president declared that
the roses reached the White House in excellent condi
tion and were a source of much pleasure to the mistress
of this famous mansion on the Potomac.
And well might the president of the republic acknowl
edge the flowers in gracious language, and the first lady
of the land find pleasure in their fragrance and beauty,
. for they were a royal gift. This editor does not speak
from hearsay. Last week, in Phoenix, he bowed before
a boquet or these kingly riowers and Inhaled their sweet
perfume. Surely, never were there such roses in the
garden of the gods as those that bud and bloom in
Phoenix.
In other states where the sun and skies are less kind
in November the leaf and bloom have fled from the
fields, leaving them dead and drear and gray. But n
Phoenix these blood red roses are at thesenith of their
imperial beauty. They nod with proud condescension
from their long, thick stems like a princess who bends
from her palace window to greet the dawn. The Rose
of Sharon, of which Solomon sang, must have furnished
the seed for these flowers. It could not have excelled
them.
From no section of these United States , could a
happier, prouder, lovelier messenger be sent to the man
in the White House and his bride. Nor a more potent
message. Beside these magic, impelling blooms the
finest hot house roses of the east must droop their
heads and pay homage to their queen. Royl, refulgent,
resplendent, are these Phoenix flowers. Having a car
riage and a strength to lift their fragrant charm and
blushing beauty up the velvet covered steps to that
throne where only matchelss strength or matchless
loveliness may reign.
Governor Campbell's good taste and judgment are
only excelled by bis pride in the products of his state.
He selected a masterpiece to send to the nation's master.
Neither wealth nor power can produce the compelling
charm of the Phoenix roses; it must come from the sky
and the soil and the balm of the valleys, all united in a
perfect blend. ' .
: If Mrs. Wilson is the' first lady in the land, then
she has the first roses in the land. Not a silver vase
In the White House but that might be crowned with
glory when it holds Governor Campbell's gift
Arizona roses! Fairest blooms of all the queen's own
flowers. Horn under the Southern Cross, kissed by the
sun rays from a turquoise sky, and blessed by the dew.
The Matter's choicest gift to His resert people.
Queen Catherine of Russia . stationed grenadiers to
guard a rose and the flower was hedged by bayonets
for a score of years after the queen was dead.
Always the rose has been the symbol of royalty su
preme in the court of flowers and camp of kings. It is
the emblem of love. Colonial dames sent roses to La
Fayette as a token of their highest admiration. In song
and story the rose has ruled without a rival among the
English speaking races.
Our governor sent American Beauty roses, grown In
Phoenix, to the White House as a gift from the desert
to the seats of the mighty; sent them as a classic from
the new country to the old; sent them as brave, beau
tiful, blood-red token of our loyalty to our chieftain, in
time of war, and of our esteem for the gentle lady whose
love of flowers Is well known to be a passion.
The national army cantonment i the real melting
pot. ' There are almost as many nationalities there os
there were tongues at the building of Babel.
These are tlie days of conservation of speech, espc
dally on the part of pacifists, a shut mouth Is niucii
more ( be desired than an open one.
"The Y. M. C. A. is the well man's hospital," de
clares Edna Furber, the noted writer and novelist, after
making a study of the Y work in soldier camps. This
young woman went to study the Y work with about the
same idea of its scope and practice that the average
man or woman has in mind.
People seem to think the Y is a branch of the Chris
tian Endeavor society and given over entirely to religion,
baths and mild athletics. Nothing could be further from
this thought. Y secretaries nowadays ure real men and
understand men. They make the Y a place of comfort
and attraction. They do not seek to uplift men by
rules and precept. They merely give them a clean at
mosphere and a chance to read helpful books and play
simple games and rest and lounge in a quiet place that
is on the order of the old home under the roof tree and
climbing roses. -That
is alL
But the effects sink in.
The clean atmosphere and the refinement and the
real manliness of the place are antiseptics for the follies
and sins and heedless reclessness of camp life.
The Y work Is real. Don't overlook that fact for a
minute.
Permanent paving is cheaper than makeshift streets
and roadways. Bisbee spends more money every three
years repairing her streets and hauling the rubbish and
rocks away after cloudbursts than paving for every
street and alley and gulch and byway in the town would
cost Cochise county spends thousands upon thousands
for roads and then allows them to get into such a state
from neglect that they have to be built over again to
be made passable. Traffic up and down this district is
heavy enough to warrant permanent paving from the
foot of the divide to the Warren park. It would be
cheaper in the long run. A section of road at the foot
of the hill leading to Bakerville was repaired last sum
mer and now it is worse than it was before the improve
ment work on it was begun. Throwing loose dirt upon a
road that has a granite foundation under it is folly. It
i like paving a road with autnmn leaves. It is throwing
money and effort away. Either make permanent repairs
cr pave with macadam or leave the road alone until Euch
time as hydroplanes make a road unnecessary for pur
poses of travel and transportation. The street and road
question is the real and burning issue in the Warren
district right now. It should be met fairly and given
full publicity and an organized and Intelligent effort
made to provide smooth and permanent thoroughfares
for the increasing volume of traffic.
Rippling Rhymes
(By WALT MASON.)
MY CAR.
I used to have, in other times, a roll
of greenbacks handy; I always could
dig up the dimes buy the kids some
candy. And when my wife reared up
and cried, "I have to have a bonnet,'
stripped an X off and replied, "Go blow
yourself, doggone 1;." But u'jw I never
have a plunk for anything we're need
ing; my money goes for costly Junk to
keep by auto speeding. But yesterday
1 soaked the lyre that I so long have
hammered, that I might buy a ruoDer
tire for which the off wheel claiuVred.
We're out of flour, we're ou; o( coal,
my wife is in a panic, because she
sees me use my roll to pay a bum me
chanic. I need a haircut and a shave,
I need a shirt and collar, but how the
dickens can I save when spark plus
cost a dollar? The kids have reached
an evil pass, they need new shoes and
raiment; alas, the man who sells me
gas demands an early payment. My
auto takes my every red, and chugs
with fiendish laughter; 'twill ketp me
broke till I am dead, and forty years
thereafter. And whtn I qui: life's
griefs and pains, I can afford a cas
ket; they'll have fj rake up my re
mains and plant me in a basket
HOLD THE FORT FOR I AM COMING!"
In a great many ways the Russian revolution is an
exact counterpart of the French revolution of some 123
years ago. The French reds and radicals, driven mad by
oppression, rose against their king and guillotined him
and seized the government in Paris. Robespierre's fac
tion swam through blood to power and held that power
with the guillotine. This monster was overthrown' by
one just as bad. Government after government was
erected and thrown down by one band of agitators and
Incompetents after another. Finally some orator with
more discernment than his contemporaries turned to a
Corsican officer of artillery and asked him to save his
government against the mob. This Corsican trained his
artillery upon all approaches to the assembly hall of the
Five Hundred and litte'red the streets with dead and
wounded rioters. The revolution ended at that hour.
The Corsican became Napoleon I and ruled Europe for
eighteen years without a rival. But the French, during
all their internal troubles, kept their border clear of
enemies. They fought fiercely and well, did these revo
lutionists, against the enemies of France. And, they had
a Napoleon. But the Russians are afraid of their en
emies from without and have no. one of calibre to lead
them from within. -
JUDGE BAXTER HOLDS
REMOVAL LAW IS
CONSTITUTIONAL
The decision of Judge Frank Baxter
of Yuma county, who heard the writ
of prohibition case in the county seat
matter In Tombstone several weekK
ago, has been received by Clerk J. E.
James of the superior court while
copies have also been received by the
attorneys In the case.
In his decision, which is very brief,
Judge Baxter held that the law was
constitutional and is reproduced in
full:
Baxter's Decision
"The board of supervisors of Co
chise county, (the above named re
spondents) were proceeding under the
provisions of Chapter 5 of the reg
ular session of the Second legislature
of the state, to submit to the voters
of the county, the question of the re
moval of the county seat from the
place where it Is now fixed and to
determine to what place the seat shall
be removed, -when they were restrain
ed by the order of the court, directing
the issue of an alternative writ of1
prohibition.
vouvuucui auuvcu J DC L BSIUt? LUV I
order and dissolve the writ demurred
tn the rnmntflint nr not.Hr.n anguineiu. Dig mercnani
State and County News Briefs
. ;
Brief State Notes
unteers and the other to the Arizona
members of the national army.
The Rebekahs of Yuma will give' While Attorney George Purdy Bui
a colored minstrel show in aid of the lard was attending the carnival Thurs-
t Red Cross. All local talent.
day night at Phoenix, some one stole
his Oldsmobile Club roadster, which
in he had parked in front of the post-
A restaurant man in Bisbee declared to The Review
yesterday that the meatless day was being ignored by
many of the eating houses of the district- He was tired,
he said, of living strictly up to the letter of the food
regulations and losing many dollars and much business
every Friday, while bis rivals reaped a richer harvest
than usual upon that day. It seems to The Review that
It would be a good idea for the food control committee
of this district to investigate the restaurants and board
ing houses upon Fridays and take some steps to
place upon record, public or otherwise, the names
of those hosts whose selfishness and love of gain
overweigh their patriotism so far as to lead them to go
contrary to the expressed wishes of their government
and the sentiment of a large majority of their country
men. A half way observance of food regulations means
the failure of the plan altogether.
At this time The Review wishes to congratulate
Tombstone upon its daily paper, the Prospector, con
ducted by the two Giragi brothers. It is a well edited
and carefully printed sheet, and more than this, it strives
all the time with might and main to uphold its city ar.d
county against those public enemies, Shiftlessness. Feuds
and Discouragement. No one who has not conducted a
daily in a small town knows how hard is the battle and
itr,r ri .v.lYuma. sued a San Francisco firm for At'orney Bullard left his ma
actjur, ;$400 damages caused by failure In de-'cnhns in the parking space about 7:30
"The matter came on reei,riv tn livering a carload of onions. o ciock and wnen he returned for it
h herd .h -r.u , x- about 11 o clock It was gone. The
1917. O. Gihson nneHn f ,.,. I ... v... k. 1 blne is practically a new one, hav
and also as counsel for plaintiff or up their minds to have the city own , 7 , k? "
relator and W. P. Miller C v Mntt ,L u.. ' , 11 was fitted ou' witn collapsable
Fletcher M rmn nrt tarn, p , . ' steering wheel. The car carried Ari-
. . mrsjj I yt lUCSt )V tail IS J ClUOC IU DCII Ol
appearing for respondents. j reasonable price then new plants are
"Oral and written arguments and: to be installed,
briefs were made and submitted bvi
both parties and the court took the
matter under advisement.
"After the consideration of the
facts and authorities in relation to
the matter, and the court being now
fully advised in the premises, finds
as follows:
"1 That Chapter 5 "of the regular
Session of the legislature of 1915 is a
valid law and not inc.onfIict with or
repugnant to the constitution.
"2 That the respondents were act
ing regularly in a ministerial capac
ity, under said law at he time of the
restraint and were not, at that time,
subject to the order or prohibition.
"Wherefore, as a conclusion of law,
"It is hereby ordered, that the or
der of June 12, 1917, directing the is
suance of an alternative writ of pro
hibition be, and the same is vacated
and set aside and the writ issued
thereunder is dissolved; that the de-
zona license No. 15.950.
Police Chief Ussher of Miami has
issued an ultimatum which is directed
t- I V OO ..ACM " Mjl.
- - '"' .toward -Wobblies" arriving in that
dent of Tucson and one of the found- ,. . ,t,. u , ...
. A. . . , .(town. He states that members of the
1' , " r 7 organization in question had better
TTT' . 'keep a safe distance from Miami, or
eu presiaeni 01 mm lasuiuiion iu
succeed
ceased.
N. E.
Piumer, recently de-
they' will run a chance of reposing in
the city Jail. "I will not tolerate the
presence of a man of the, "Wobbly"
type here," said the head of the
In Yuma the board or supervisors MiamI department, "and those
passed an order requiring all public that have been arrested recently and
auto drivers to give bonds. The, turned loose the next Hav hart hettr
drivers sought to have the order an
nulled in the superior court, but Judge
Baxter dismissed the Injunction application.
make tracks to other
country.
parts of the
murrer to the petition or complaint Is the first half of fair week. Asa result
sustained and the petition or com-jit was determined to arrest all per
sons of suspicious appearance. Con-
Books, papers and correspondence
of the Little Olive .Mining and Milling
One of the busiest days in its his-1 company and of the White Victor
tory was put In by the Phoenix police j Mining company were seized in the
department last Wednesday, no less office of Josiah Ide, secretary of the
than 24 arrests being made during the. Little Olive Monday afternoon upon a
24 hours. According to officers, pick-i search warrant issued by the county
pockets were busy in rnoenix during attorney s oince. Tne .seizure was
made by Constable Shaw and Deputy
County Briefs
C. Johnson, a brakeman on the S. P..
was thrown from a moving train which
he was boarding at San Simon, Mon
day morning. He received several
bruises and contusions about the body.
He was taken to Willcox where his in
juries were dressed by Dr. Wilson and
then sent to the hospital at Tucson.
Tiie Civil Service Commission has
announced an examination to be held
at Cochise, Arizona, on December 8,
1917, for the position of Fourth Class
Postmaster at Cochise. The salary
at this office was (797 for the last fis
cal year. Applicants must be twenty
one years old and must reside withm
the territory supplied by the postoffice
I'jr which is announced. Applications
should be properly executed and filed
with the commission at Washington
D. C. at the etrliest practicable date.
praint is hereby dismissed at the costs
of the relator.
"Dated this 10th day or November.
1917.
"FRANK BAXTER. Judge."
Will Appeal Case
When asked regarding the case At
torney O. Gibson of Tombstone, wno
instituted the suit as a taxpayer, and
appears for himself, stated that he
will appeal the case to the supreme
court of the state, believing that the
matter was of sufficient importance,
as affecting various counties In the
state, to have Hie law thoroughly
threshed out in the higher trtbuniU
He will perfect his appeal at once.
One of the main points in M. Gib
son's contention that the law is un
constitutional, is that it is not . ap
plicable to .all counties in the state.
sequent ly,
lowed.
the wholesale arrests fol-
It is reported that special agents
of the government have been Investi
gating F. C. Struckmeyer. a Phoenix
attorney. The investigation is said to
have grown out of pro-German utter
ances which he is said to have made
on a number of occasions. It is also
said that his record before coming to
Arizona is being looked into. Struck
meyer is attorney for former Governor
Hunt in the contest case.
Sheriff Archer. These tecords will
be used as evidence. It is expected, in
the cases against Edmund E. Walton,
Ide and associates, who were charged
with fraud in connection with the in
corporation and operation of the two
mining companies named.
All superior courts excepting those
of Maricopa and I'ima counties have
jurisdiction over and ran lue pass
ports, it was said at the office of the
clerk of the federal court Monday. In
Pima county and Maricopa county
passports are issued at the federal
court clerk's office only. It was said
definitely. There had been some doubt
as to the issuance of passports there.
All native-born citizens of the United
States wishing passports must go to
The United States marshal has re
ceived notice from the department of
justice at Washington to intern alien
enemies at Fort Huachuca. Fred Cart the office of the c lerk of the court for
Hubner. who has been lieid In the passports ana oring wun mem meir
Bince the law specifically states that conty jaij for me time, will be ta- birth certificate and three copies of
any city which aspires to the county kcn to Kort uaihuca by a depntyj their photograph. 3x3 inches In size,
seat must be an incorporated city. Inr marshal. Fred Steele .also an alien I Those who arc not native-born, but
asmuch as there are several counties ienemy . belng he,d jn the countylare naturalized citizens, must bring
In the slate that have only one lncor-jajl at jnoeuix and wni probably bo three copies of their photograph and
porated city and others that hHve none
at all, notably Mohave county, Mr." Gib-
how steep the hill. But the Prospector takes its littln J son holds that the law shuts out these
pick and shovel every day and goes forth with a bravo ! counties from . hanging their county
, I seats, and therefore the measure is
neart and a skiituii Jiana to ao its.iiest in mat pockc:
removed to Fort Huachuca later.
their naturalimtion papers. Tbesa
regulations are general throughout the
During the course of the Thursday ( sta'e, whether application is made to
afternoon program at the fair grounds,' county or federal courts. By the grant-
! Governor Campbell made a short ad- Ing of Jurisdiction to county superior
Class legislation, and lie will appeal , renting ..n helinlf f th atB . ..nrla ll U ene le.l thai mnsiderHhln
where fate appointed that its work should be done. A 'to the supreme tribunal since Jud?e 1f ArizoIU Uo beautiful state flags delay and expense will be saved to
game and conscientious editor is a blessing to any man's Baxter has held to the contrary. (presented by the Arizona chapter of those desiring passports, for they can
town. But the pity of It is. that he never gets his roses 1 ,ne Daughters of the American Revo- apply to the nearest court, except in
, The Klks lodjie in phoenix gave a lotion, the funds being subscribed by Maricopa ad Pima counties. In these
until some soleu.u faced undertaker marshals a hearse 1.nun(Juy nlsUt allJ ,.,UM,nix ,.,-lzens. One of the flags counties they must apply to the fed-
before his door. limited all Elks. will be presented to the Arizona vol- (eral court at Tucsou or at Phocuix.
C. M. Roberts, of Willcox. the guard
ian of the person and estate of Ed Sut
ton., received word that Mr. Sutton
had passed away at Phoenix, Friday
morning. Mr.-Roberts went to Phoe
nix immediately to attend the burial
which rook place Monday. Mr. Sut
ton was one -of the old residents of
Willcox, having lived here for about
thirty years. About two years ago his
health began to fail and he was sent ;o
Phoenix on account of mental disord
ers developing . Mr. Roberts was ap
pointed by the court to handle his prop
erty matters here. Mr. Sutton was a
man of sterling integrity and an up
right citizen and enjoyed the respect
and confidence of all who knew him.
He was a single man and leaves sever
al brothers in various sections of the
east and north, but no Immediate rel
ativ is in this locality.
About five miles Pj ;he north of
Willcox another splendid ranch, which
adds to the many demonstrations of
the fertility of the valley, is that of T.
A. Lisemby. consisting of 30 acres.
Mr. Llsemby by profession is a minis
ter, but feeling that mother earth
would respond more quickly to intelli
gent effort than mVre or less material
istic communities to the seeds of the
gospel, he decided to change his avoca
tion and follow farming as a profession.
He secured this ranch from the Misem
himers. who own considerable land in
that immediate locality, and commenc
ed development w)rk. He sunk ell
and installed a fifteen horse power en
gine, a number 5 pump which develops
7&H gallons per minute. He has tested
out numerous crops, and decided that
alfalfa Is the cheif crop and which at
the present time receives his especial
attention. He has bfty acres of alfal
fa under cultivation and has put up
this year between one hundred and two
hundred tons, which at the present
prices will bring him a splendid re
ward for his year's work. His hay
shed. 3t72 is filled to the bursting
Aint. The farm is well equipped with
machinery, stock and farming imple
ments, and he is making a model farm
in every way. Range New.
PEVIEW WANT AOS FOR RESULTS THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 21, 1917.
FIVE
COPY OF QUESTIONAL
HAS BEEN RECEIVED
JN THIS CITY
Will Have to Be Filled Out
By All Men Who Were
Not Drafted and in Actual
Service
Major Greenway
Safe In France
A copy of the new "Questionaire" has
been received at the sheriff's office
where it can be seen by all those who
are interested and there are many who
are. Other copies are expected to be
in the hands of the local t'jard soon.
The phamphlet has been well described
by H. T. Hunter in the El Paso Herald
and its description could no: be im
proved upon so It is reprinted here:
"It concerns every young man who
has registered for military draft, as
well as his parents and other relatives.
"One of the most interesting of our
war preparatjns is coming to us very
soon. It Is the questionaire. Really
the word ough; to be capitalized, for
It Is going to loom up before most
people either because they themselves
have to wade through it or because
lots of their friends have fj and they
themselves will be asked for advice or
help with it.
"The questionaire applies to all men
. registered for the draft who are not
now in actual military service or who
have not been passed for service and
are awaiting orders to be transported
to cantonment. It applies to ab'out 9,
000,000 men.
The questionaire is a rather formid
able document of 15 pages of Instruc
tions and questions. a copy will be
sent to every registeran; except as
above indicated. He must read the
instructions and fill out the blank
places in the pages i ith answers to
the questions propounded as there in
dicated. The questionaire is intended
to bring ou'. in writing everything
about bis identity, age, character,
physical condition, occupation, family
relationship, education and a good
many other things, and there are fre
quent affidavits to be made. Having
filled out the questionaire and obtain
ed the necessary supposing affidavits,
the registrant submits it to the local
board with which he is registered and
then awaits the next move, which will
be the- effort of the board .to classify
him in one of the five classes of regis
trans as published in .be papers re
cently. The registrant may be called
before the board for further examina
tion and other pertons may also be
called to testify orally regarding the
registrant. In the end, when the
board is satisfied, the regis :rant will
be classified,.. Some of the classifica
tions means service almost immediate
ly or soon; others mean service only
far in the. future, it ever, while still
others mean practical exempt.'jn or
discuarge.
"And this will apply to every regis
tered man in El Paso. It will apply
to every registered man in the UnLed
States. Perhaps you have been exam
ined and granted exemption for de
pendency or discharged for physical
disability. . Forget all about that. The
questionaire states specifically that the
new regulations revoke and Annul any
and all previous exemptions or dis
charges, together with certificates
greated in such cases.
"If the examination of the compara
tively few registrants required to se
cure 687,000 men for the colors was a
great task and all boards found it so,
this one will be many times greater.
Every local board in this country will
be swamped unless other citizens pa
triotically inclined get in and help
them. Doctors to help with pbybical
examinations will be needed. Law
yers who can keep hours at head
quarters f the local boards and help
registrants interpreL and answer the
questions properly are greatly needed,
and a great many ;eachers, stenogra
phers, clerks and others of education
and ability will be neede d:o heip the
beards with the clerical work which
will be very considerable.
The officers of the Calumet & Ari
zona Mining company at Warren have
received a cablegram from MaJ. John
C. Greenway, now of the United States
engineers' corps, announcing his safe
arrival at Paris, France.
When Captain Greenway was of
fered a commission as major of engi
neers with promise that he should go
at once to France he accepted the
charge and hurried back to Arizona
to make preparations for his depart
ure. He remained less than a week
and started at once to assume his
duties in the service of his country.
Tendering his resignation as general
manager of the Calumet & Arizona
and New Cornelia companies, be of
fered to forfeit an Industrial position
and opportunity equaled by few in
the country. The resignation was not
accepted, but it was arranged so that
Captain Greenway could become a
major on leave of absence and return
ARIZONA LEADS
RETURNS TO
LIBERTY LOAN
PHOENIX, Nov. 20. Final results
have just been announced by State
Manager H. R. Trittle of the second
Liberty loan campaign in the northern
district of Arizona. This district, re
porting to San Francisco, includes all
of the state with the exception of the
counties of Pima, Cochise, Santa Cruz,
Graham and Greenlee.
It is notable that Arizona was the
first state of the Union to oversub
scribe its maximum allotment, while
the oversubscription in Arizona has
been in larger percentage than that
reported from any other state. This
result is very gratifying to the state
and national authorities, whose main
to his position with the mining com-.effort hag been to make 8ub9Crip
panies when bis country no longer) Uon a personal one to take the bonds
MEXICAN
WOBBLY
needed him.
All will be glad to know that Major
Greenway covered the lap of bis
Journey toward the front without any
harm coming to him and all will hope
for his safe return to Arizona.
Opera Singers
Here Tomorrow
The second offering of the Lyceum
course of the Y. W. C. A., to be held
at the High school autditorium Thurs
day night will be presented by the
Montague Light Opera Singers.
All of the members of the Montague
troupe are k'ood singers and present a
fine program o f light operatic music.
The personnel includes some of the
best known eastern singers, and their
repertoire abounds with popular selec
tions from the latest opera hits.
The program is divided into three
parts. Part one includes quartet sing
ing, trios, duets and solos. There is
alt.'J dramatic reading in the first part.
The second part will be composed of
the operettta "A Quaker Romance".
Part three will include the lighter and
more tuneful selections from grand op-eia.
MEXICAN REFUGEES
FROM-OJIHAGA TO
LEAVE FOR JUAREZ
PHYSICIAN REPORTS
DEATH FROM
SALVERSAN
Dr. Gord'on Fleming, reports through
the columns of the Australasian Medi
cal Gazette, as follows: "Ninety-six
hours after injection of salversan,
(606) robust man had epigastric pains,
sensitiveness to noise, giddiness, fever
101, pulse 100, knee jerk, rigors, stupor
followed by coma, vomiting, convul
sions and death. Symptoms of arsenic
poisoning. The risk of life is too
great to submit to injections of arsenic
and mercury, when you can secure a
safe remedy like Number 40 For The
Blood, the ingredients or which are
set down in the IT. S. Dispensatory
and other medical bo'jks as follows:
"Employed in diseases of the glandu
(By Review Leased Wire.)
MAR FA, Tex., NMv. 20. All Mexican
federal soldiers, their families and
horses will be sent to Juarez soon, it
became known at the internment camp
here late today. The Mexicans who
evacuated Ojinaga, opposite Presidio,
Texas,' Wednesday will go on a spec
ial train to El Paso and from there to
Juarez, where General Epinosa y Cor
dova's forces will be Incorporated into
the Juarez garrison. The arms and
ammunition taken from the federals
when they crossed the Rio Grande,
Wednesday night also will be sent to
Juarez through El Paso .
A baby was 'born to the wife of a
Mexican soldier in camp here today.
The Mexican troops number about
500. They are being cared for in a
special camp established at the army
camp here and are being housed, fed
and given medical attention by the
United States army stationed here.
into every family possible. In Arizona
there was a subscription by one indi
vidual out of fourteen, this counting
men, women and children .aliens and
Indians. Altogether in the northern
counties -of Arizona were 17,651 sub
scriptions, divided as follows: Mari
copa. 6820; Gila, 5024; Pinal, 2648;
Yavapai, 957; Mohave. 774; Yuma,
530; Navajo, 478; Coconino, 284;
Apache, 139. Subscriptions reported
to Phoenix through the banks of the
several counties aggregating $7,742,
750, were as follows: '
Maricopa county $2,888,750
Yavapai county 2,609 600
Yuma county . 136.300
Gila county , 1,529,800
Coconino county -. 108,550
Graham county 114.050
Apache county 19,950
Navajo county 75,600
Pinal county , 260,150
In the above statement Maricopa is
given a bit more credit than is her
due, owing to the fact that $1,600,000
of the sum credited her came in the
form of mining subscriptions that
should be credited to other counties.
Readjusted, Gila county leads with
$2,629,800, and Pinal county's sub
scription should be rised to $760,150.
A large part of Yavapai county's sub
scription should be raised to $760,150.
ing companies of Jerome.
Bandits Throw
Peper Then
Rob Pay Clerks
CLEVELAND, O.. Nov. 20. Hurling
red pepper into the eyes of the factory
superintendent guarding the payroll.
I three armed bandits this evening held
up two pay clerks at the Vandorn
Iron Works company and escaped in
an automobile with between $9000 and
$10,000.
POLICE CAPTURE
I
WANTED IN EAST
(By Review Leased Wire.)
LORDSBURG, N. M.. Nov. 20. Fed
eral authorities threatening to dyna
mite an adobe house, captured a man
held as Abram Rodriguez, a Mexican
Indicted in Chicago, in the alleged In
dustrial Workers of the World conspi
racy case. Rodriguez, the authorities
said, held them off with a rifle and
tried to murn papers, bOme of which
were captured. He will be taken to
Chicago.
Four other Mexicans were arrested
charged with aiding a fugitive from
justice.
YAQUIS RAID TOWN
PEOPLE TERRORIZED
Alleged Assailant
Is Released For
Lack of Evidence
(By Review Leased Wire.)
GLOBE, Nov. 20. For lack of evi
dence George Emmett .a carpenter.
was released today, at his hearing on j
a charge of assaulting with a deadly
weapon T. W. Pedersen, Globe aufj
man. On his bed of pain at the county
hospital Pedersen gave his testimony
which was to the effect that he would
be afraid to try and indentify hi s as
sailant until he regains his eyesight.
Pedersen was attacked while sleep
ing at his home ten days ago with a
heavy Stilson wrench while his wife
was visiting a neighbor. Emmett
promised to leave the district for Bis
bee as soon as released and be did so.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
NOGALES, Nov. 20. Raiding and
looting of the town of Lencho, forty
miles south of Guaymas, Sonoro, by
Yaqui Indians was reported today by
travelers returning from Mazantlan,
Sinaloa, who passed through Lencho
Thursday. They said the population
was terrorized. It was said fourteen
of the garrison were killed and a
number wounded. The Yaquis after
sacking the town returned to the hills.
Flavor
Parity
Economy
4 !jgh
SUFFRAGETTE6 REFUSED
HALL IN ARKANSAS
(By Review Leased Wire.)
LITTLE ROCK, Ark.. Nov. 19.
Mayor Taylor today refused permis
sion to hold a meeting in the city hall
to Miss Mabel Vernon of Nevada and
Miss Natalie Gray of Colorado, repre
senting the naMonal women's party,
who are visiting Little Rock. Gov
ernor Brotigh announced that he had
lar system, in blood poisoning, scrofula declined an Invitation to introduce the
speakers
Both the governor and mayor said
that they were in favnr of woman
KUfTfHee. but disapproved of picketing
rheumatism, catarrh, mercurial and
lead poisoning, constipa Jon, tomach
and liver diseases. Under its use
nodes, tumors, fioitre, lupus, sores, ul
cers and scrofulous swellings that have ' the White House.
withstood all other treatement disap-
pear as if by magic." Made by J. C. J Cattle Inspector Porter McDonnlri
Mendenhall. Evansville, Ind.. 40 years has returned to Tnmbsioim from Here
a druggist. Price $1.00 per bottle. - ford, where he had been to inspect
Sold exclusively in Bisbee at Central shipment of cattle.
Pharmacy, opposite Orpheuni. in Lo
well by Lowell Drug Co., in Douglas by
Owl Drug Co. Adv.
REVIEW WANT ADa
BRINQ QUICK RESULTS
When a woman uscsCcttolrne in
her cake in place of butttr, jhe adds
ec6nomy, without leaving out rich
ness and wholcsorr.eness.
Use your own recipes fcr ckca,
pastry, biscuits, muffins. But remcrv.
ber: Use one-third less of Cottolene
than of butter bitausc Cottolene is
richer; it contains no water cr salt.
RECIFE
Chocolate Nut Cake
J-4 teaopocn ra'.t
tj;.poon vanilla
tqimre. chocuLfo
melted
?i cup r.ngiu!i
val:;uU brckc;i i.i
piucxs
add gradually o:ie
CONTESTANTS MAKING
FINAL STRUGGLE IN
REVIEW CAMPAIGN
The last day of the Review Carriers'
Circulation Contest finds the first ten
contestants in a determined struggle
for the six larger prizes $50, $20, $10.
$10. $7.50, $7.50. Any of these first
ten who do not get one of these prizes
mentioned will still receive something
of course, but whether "the last shall
be first, and the first shall be last,"
renfains to be seen from the announce
ment of winners in tomorrow's paper.
Up until 9 o'clock tonight the Re
view can be obtained by new sub
scribers three months for $2. For the
past six weeks the boys named below
have been working to get as many
as possible to take advantage of this
offer within the allotted time, for dur
ing that period every subscription giv
en puts some boy just that much near
er the coveted prize. And today prom
ises to be the day in which the con
testants will put on the final burst of
speed and energy. Those who fee
that they are too far outdistanced to
obtain first money are nevertheless
counting on some certain prize and
putting forth every effort to that end.
And as for the first prize the Review
knows no more than anybody else.
The three first contestants show very
little difference over' the past-few
counts; evidently but all that can be
done Is to "wait in patience."
One last word SUBSCRIBE TO
DAY! ' "
The standing of the contestants fol
lows :
Hubert Detloff 152.000
- Maurice Rugraff 75,750
Frank Lindsey 75,000
Richard Sharpe 53.000
Kenneth Mort 44,375
Herbert Perry 36.000
Bud Hascal 33.000
Abe Milburn 26.375
AMERICAN STAR OF
BRITAIN'S FLIERS
TO TEACH OUR BOYS
L J,K ;
' v-
VP:
i
'21
15c DOZEN
35c PINT
65c QUART
Fresh Houma Selects
Remember: TODAY ONLY!
Major Frederick Libby.
The American flying star who has
served in the British flying corps.
Major Frederick Libby, and who has
headed the British honor list, has
just arrived in America to instruct
American pilots. 4 A better man for
the work could hardly be found.
Major Libby knows every trick of
the flying game and has the record
of bringing down twenty-two of tha
enemy.
I
la
TOVREA'S
BISBEE PHONE 14
LOWELL PHONE 51
NE51 j
Anson P. Bateman. of the United
States Department of Agriculture, is in
China studying the market there for
American fruit, especially American
apples.
! winter's supply for their cattle at once. ;
This will render the situation as to
price and supply less acute. than at;
present. After careful survey the food
administration finds that there will be
a full supply of this material and prob-
ahlv a anrnluR- rtvin? tn the fmhar?n
of exports. If the buying is done in j
lesser quantities at a time, the nianu-
j facturers will be given an opportunity j
to crush the crop of seed now going
to the mills, thus securing their re
quirements as needed and giving the
manufacturers an opportunity to ac
cumulate a surplus. The 800 mills in
the southern states can produce 25.
000 tons of cotton seed cake and meal
a day, and in Texas alone 50cO tons
a day can beturned out during the
season.
FOOD REGULATION
The United States food administra
tion has announced that on account
of the possible shortage in tinplate
necessary for the conservation of food
products during the year 1918, it has
included in the rules governing can
ning operations the regulation that no
dried beans or dried pease shall be
canned without a special permit from
the food administration, and it is now
illegal for canners to operate on these
products Without special permit.
-4
r m m w at
r t
SAVE THE STALE BREAD
i
Earl Hicks ,
Gordon Wallace ..
Eugene Gallagher .
Maurice Kelly ... ,
Richard Ojeda .. ..
Walter Steele ... .
William Riley ... .
William Brookinge
22,125
20.750
18,125
12.000
10,750
9,000
8,750
2,000
'.J cup Cottoic::c
2 cups Mjgir
1 rnp milk
2 cuiw flour
3 level t-Ubpoocj
baking pon der
Cream Cottolene
cup cicar, ktirriniz luiioUmiv. beat
yalks thick ar.d liiit, add gradually re
mai.ii:i cup uvar. Combine mixtures.
Add ndt.d cFiocoLuto. Sift together
flour, L-Li.-ig povUcr a.iJ tak; add ta
fir-t r.:::u.-j alteraatJy with milk. Aiid
r.u: r.:ci: z..l La tly fJ in
.:.::.- ucy.-. i v..n-
;.--a .d lu'.;c i a i r 4 j i:ii:-.utes in mod
erate oven, t in'uli with boiled liostinr;.
Cottolene
'V Natural Sharfenmi"
' At grocer in tins
of convenient sizes
Germans Leaving
Brazil Reported
RIO GRANDE DOL SUL. Brazil.
Monday, Nov. 12 (By Mail to Monte
vidio, Uruguay, Nov. 20). Prominent
German agencies, including business
men, in this city are fleeing into Ar
gentina. Before martial law was de
clared one of the first persons to leave
was a man named Bromberg, a
wealthy business man. Christian Meis
ner, the American consul, whose at
tempt to smuggle out interned Ger
man soilors led to the declaration of
martial law, has escaped into Para
guay through Argentina.
Reports received here from Rio
Janeiro say the government is plan
ning wholesale arrests of spies In this
state. German schools are being closed
and German priests in Catholic
schools are being Replaced by Bra
zilians. Reports of German unrest in the
states of Santa Cathartna and Rio
Grande del Sul are frequent, but the
government evidently - has the aliens
well in hand and is in a position to
prevent a widespread revolt, unless
threatened by invasion by South
American neighbors, a contingency
which is widely rumored and generally
feared. In the western part of this:
state the army Is being Increased rap
idly. The Germans in this city" and In
Porto Alegro have been quiet since
the destruction of their property last
vieek by enraged Brazilians as a re ,
suit cf their continued agitation and
open Insults to the Brazilian govern !
ment after its declaration of war on
Germany.
To use bread and cake crumbs as a
substitute for flour is suggested by a
high authority. Stale bread and cakej
should not be thrown Into the garbage
pail, because when thoroughly dried,!
put through the food chopper and re-
duced to fine crumbs they may be suc-i
cessfully used in the proportion of one!
part crumbs to two parts flour in many
recipes. Bread crumbs work In nice-;
ly in muffins and other warm breads'
in which baking powder and soda arei
the leavening agents. The crumbs j
should not be used in yeast breads, j
Cake crumbs may be used in spice, J
caromel and devils food cakes, but
should not be used In white cakes.1
If crumbs of heavy rich cake are used
It is not necessary to use so much
sugar. Cake crumbs make a good j
foundation for spice puddings and arej
excellent foundation for making steam i
brown breads. This is the advice ofj
Miss Flora Monroe, manager of the!
cafeteria in the Kansas State Agricul-'
tural college.
0$
To d.f CsSrv'
W "ttr. -Try
2
f 'J
COTTON SEED CATTLE FEED
Cattlemen of the drought-stricken
southwest are. advised by the United
States food administration to buy
their cotton seed cake as it is needed,;
rather than to purchase the entire;
Hyers, Darling & Hinton Co. ff
Wholesale Distributors
Cold
i
IB
9
fRl
ocE(
Will Close the Carriers' Circulation
Contest
THE REVIEW IS MAKING AN OFFER OF
$2 FOR 3 MONTHS
DO NOT FAIL TO TAKE AD
VANTAGE OF THIS OFFER
BEFORE 9 O'CLOCK TONIGHT
TO NEW SUBSCRIBERS
READ THE NAMES AND
STANDING OF CONTESTANTS
IN THIS MORNING'S PAPER
THOSE INTENDING TO SUB
SCRIBE WILL GREATLY
HELP ONE OF THESE BOYS
BY DOING SO BEFORE 9
O'CLOCK TONIGHT
The Daily Review Will Be Delivered to New Subscribers Any Place in the City for
Three Months for $2.00
THE BOYS ARE OUT WORKING OUR TELEPHONE NUMBER IS 39
Germany,
thousand.
Kirlh rate in Hamburg.
Iiaa fallen halntt' 7 7 nr
compared with 9.1 during the first j
week of June, which was itself high
ly alarming.
REVIEW
BRING
WANT ADS
RESULTS.
J VLPl B H V S HJ8
eview j SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 21, 1917.
Mining and Financial News
BY mCVIEW
RAIL DECISION
STIMULATES TRADE
NEW YORK. Nov. 20. The decision
of the railway executives to place
their interest v ith the government
in tte event of further labor difficul
ties and the more encouraging reports
from abroad acted as a further stimu
lus to quoted values in the stock mar
ket today.
Gross rains of 2 to almost 5 points
in leading Issues were well sustained.
despite intermittent realizing for prof
its. Shlppinjrs and standard iuip
menU were the chief elements of
strength with coppers and kindred
stocks.
During the morning and in the last
hour trading was more active and
broader than at any time since the
adoption of restrictive meaures by the
stcck exchange. Much of today's ad
vance was made at the expense of the
long-existent short interesL
United States Steel, relatively in the
background recently, furnished much
of the day's propulsion on its advance
of 1-i points to 96", the highest quo
tation since" the early part of .the
month. Other teels," notably Bethle
hem, Crucible and Lackawanna, as
veil as Republic Iron and Colorado
Fuel, gained 1 to 3 points. .Oils,
motors, sugars and secondary equip
ments contributed measurably to the
substantial net gains of the session,
together with specialties in which
pool activity was revived.
Most call loans were again made at
5 per cent, and the time accommoda
tions hardened for the longer shares.
Distinct improvement was shown by
"all classes of bonds. The Liberty. 4's
ranged from 97 to 97.80, with greater
activity in the 3's at 99 to 99.22.
Total sales, par value, aggregated $4,
S25.000. United States bonds, old Is
sues, were unchanged on call.
Br rrmaon of thorwtcb distribution
with 111 drur trade in (be I nltrd
(Stat and hum arllinc oast, ndaced
prices are now possible fur
Eckman's
Alterative
1 FOR THROAT AND LUNGS
Stubborn CouKrha and Colda
So Alrobnl, Narcotic ur Habit-forming Drug
$2 Size $1 Size
Now $1.50 Now 80 Cts.
Erkiim IjiViratonr. PhllsiIelDhla.
O. K. LIVERY AND
UNDERTAKING CO.
Robert Henessey, Prop.
Opposite Depot. . Ambulance
ARIZONA
Bisbee Copper Co.
PER SHARE
FOR SALE BY
COLLINS &
BRETHERTON
We Specialize in Jerome
and Oatman Stocks.
P. O. BOX 1129
PHONE 26
50c
SA.V1JMC3
A quarter here, fifty cents there, a dollar
somewhere else do you keep tab on your
expenses?
And do you realize that many of these
quarters, half dollars and dollars you could
save? '
Bank With Us.
L. J. OVERLOCK, BROKER
Correspondents: Paine, Weber & Co., Boston, Duluth, Calumet.
LOGAN A BRYAN, NEW YORK AND CHICAGO.
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK.
ecfnc
leased wire
BULLS GET ACTIVE
CHICAGO, Nov. 20. Chances of en
larged exports resulting from the les
san'njr of U-boat danger had a decided
bullish, effect today on corn. Prices
closed strong, IV to 2'i net higher
with January $1.18 to S1.18V4. and
May $1.16 to $1.17. Oats' gained l?i
to ITic. amd provisions 13 to 57c.
Corn prices went upgrade from the
start and finished at substantially the
trnnwiRt nnlnt reached. Attention fo-
eusetl chiefly on Lloyd-George's state
ment that there was now no fear of
the submarine menace. Buyers drew
ihe Inference that ocean trade would
: be greatly facilitated and that much
more corn than had been figured on
would find an outlet overseas. The
better tone of the New York stock
market tended further to strengthen
corn.
Oats moun'ed to the highest prices
yet this season. 1
Government action raising me maxi
mum price limit at Liverpool counted
toward lilting provision values ner.
COTTON MARKET.
NEW YORK, Nov. 20. The cotton
market today closed steady at a net
decline of 1 to 5 points.
METAL MARKET
NE WYORK, Nov. 20. Lead, quiet
but firm; spot, 6.40 bid. Spelter, dull;
spot East St. Louis delivery, 7.75 to
8.00. Bar silver, 85.
NEW YORK
Closing Quotations November 20, 1917
(By L. J. Overlock)
Anaconda..! 57
Anericzn Can 35
American Car 64 V4
American Locomotive '.4 54
American Smelter 759i
American Sugar 95V4
Atchison 86
Baldwin ' 5S
Beth B 82
C. and O 48
Canadian Pacific .133
C. F. and I 34
Central Leather 64
Crucible 56
Distillers 35
Erie 13
Goodrich 35
General Motors 89 Vi
Industrial Alcohol 106
Marine 26
Marine Pfd 98
Maxwell 23
Midvale 44
Mexican Petroleum 79
New York Central '. 71
Northern Pacific 86
Reading 71
Rubber 51
Rep Steel 74
Studebaker 39
Steel I. ..... 96
Steel Pfd 108
St. Paul 39
; Southern Pacific 82
Sinclair Oil 30
I Texas Oil 141
Union Pacific 116
,U. S. M . 43
! Westinghouse 38
BOSTON
(Adventure 1
lAllouez 53
Alaska 2
'. Allouez Commercial . . . . 9
'American Zinc 12
Butte 16
;C. and A 65
C. and H 439
'Chief Range 47
jChino : 41
East Butte 10
iGranby 65
ye Worlis
Coldfield 40
Hancock Sr-4
Indiana 1
Inspiration 4.TV4!
Kennecott 3 3 14
Keweenaw li
jLake 6V2
La Salle 3V4
1 Miami ' 28
Mohawk 61
Mayflower 2
Nevada .. 17
North Butte 13
Nip '. 7
Old Dominion 36
Osceola 60
Pond Creek 17
Quincy 66'
Ray Con 22
Shattuck 20
Superior Boston 3
St. Mary's . 52
Shannon 5'
Utah Copper 78
Utah Con 12
Winona 1
CURBS
Arkansas & Arizona
Austin
Arizona Silver King
Big Ledge
Butte. & London
Calumet and Jerome
Cornelia
Con. Arizona
Con. Copper
5
1
11
1
141
1
7
jCurtlss ... .; 26
i Denn , . . 18
I Dundee
Emma ... ..
2
1
Federal Oil
Gadsden
Green Island 10
Hull 34
Howe Sound 3
Hecla 4
Inspiration Needles
Jerome Verde
Jerome Victor
Jerome Portland
Magma Copper 35
Magma Chief .
Magnate . ,
3
3
3
! Miami Con ...
I Pitts Jerome . .
' Ray Here
I Santa Rita . . .
lUnttd Eastern
Verde Ex 31
'Verde Com
West End 63
Wol. Arizona ' 1
White Caps
Wright Martin
7
NEW YORK, Nov. 20. The sud
den spurt of the market in
the last hour of yesterday em
phasized more strongly the ease wjth
which prices could advance on in
crease in the outside demand a
scarcity of offerings again attested the
rather well liquidated stage of affairs
in all departments of the list. The
brilliant speech of the English pre
mier and growing evidence, judging
by official statements, that the sub
marine menace has lessened consider
ably along with the prospects of great
er co-operation by the allied nations
In prosecuting the war to a successful
conclusion buoyed up sentiment and
was reflected in a keener inquiry for
stocks of various, descriptions. The
railroad shares in: particular displayed
more resiliency than for some time
past, and the opinion is gaining in
favor that developments of a signifi
cant sort and of a nature to impart
confidence to investors in this type
of shares are in the making and like
ly to be announced in the immediate
future. The belief is gaining ground
in many quarters that the reckless
unloadnig of stocks in the recent past
was carried to an extreme and in the
case of many stocks unwarranted.
With the appearance of things in gen
eral assuming a more cheerful aspect
it is logical to venture the prediction
that further betterment in security
prices will be recorded.
LOGAN & BRYAN.
OATMAN
(By Collins & Bretherton)
Adams .02
Arizona Rex
Ariz.-Toin ". . ..
Gold Ore 24
Gold Reed 02
Carter Ore 02
Gold Reed
Gold Cliff
Lucky Boy
Sunnyslde . . ". 02
Telluride 06
Tom Reed 60
United Eastern 3.50
.03
.25
.04
.26
.05
.05
.05
.15
.03
.10
.65
3.75
.04
United Northern 03
United Western 02
Red Lion
OTHER CURBS
Gadsden 1.8?
Green Monster 94
Butte London 11
Dundee 75
2.00
1.00
.13
1.00
.10
.62
1.00
.10
.60
.18
.36
.50
1.75
.50
.75
.08
.50
Venture Hill
I PttU-Jerome 37
J Jerome Verde 87
I Ark-Arizona 05
Jerome Portland
I Ins-Needles 06
I Hull Copper 34
1 Magma Chler 37
Wolverine-Arizona 150
! Miami Mother Lode
j Verde Com 56
I Miami Con 04
I Ariz Bisbee Copper
We Clean
and Press
SUITS
RADICAL LEADERS IX LATEST RUSSIAN OUTBREAK
ill
I Iff"
A
V"' . .f
Nikolai 1enine is the leader of the extreme radical element in Russia that has overthrown the Lerensky
government. His chief aim is believed to be tin immediate cessation of hostilities and a termination of the
war. Since the July outbreak Lenine had been in hiding and his arrest had been sought by Kerensky. Leon
Trotzky, his associate and lieutenant, was the editor of an east side newspaper in New York city three months
go. He has been associated with the Russian revolutionary movement for years, had been exiled to Siberia,
edited a paper in Germany, whence he was expelled at the outbreak of war. He came to America early in this
Hrear and UDon his recent return to Pi troirrad bcrame a'lied with the Ec'.shevLLu and the extreme radicals.
VEGETABLES ARE
ROTTING BECAUSE I
OF CAR SHORTAGE!
(By Review Leased Wire )
MADISON. Wis., Nov. 19. Thou
sands of tons of cabbage are rotting
in northern Wisconsin fields and crops
of apples, beets and rutabagas are
suffering because of the car shortage.
according to Railroad Commissioner j Pna, jonn 1. ae sauiies. iormer iaie;of eage3 AIgo the pafe keepinK 0f
John Allen, who has just returned : athlete, at Westbury, N. Y., August 3, .
prisoners confined therein.
from Washington! where he sought! were selected during the first day of; Tn maximum amount of m'oney au
federal action to relieve the situation.; her trial hich opened in supreme j tnorfze(1 to De expended for the erec
The shortage or rolling stock, it is , court her today . tion of tlie new building or additions
said, is due partly to the demands j Tnat ne rlaw'er viu try t0 show i and extensions to the present county
for cars to remove cattle from the that temP,Jrar' menttl impairment. ! Drancn jaii at Lowell i Five Thousand
drught-stricken sections of the south-! caused b' bein dPriv f tne cus; ($5,000.00) Dollars, and to the one lo
west. ' ' today of her four year old oa' causeU ' cated at Bisbee, Ten Thousand ($10,-
j Mrs. de Saulles to do the shooting, was qoO.00) Dollars. A premimum Of 2
Every manufacturer of rubber over- fvWent fm stioas wbich tb Put per cent of the amount to be expended
shoes in the country has agreed to ! t0 P1"0811 iurors- were In" ! will be paid to the architect whose
turn ever to the government for the:tfnded t?.bl?n "1 whher he tale8- j plan8 are accepted. and the sum of 2
army 300.000 pairs of four-buckle ''are- i men tCOU'd glVC p,5,,P" co""?e,5t" l Per cent of tne amount t0 be Pd
tics" between now andJanuary 5. Or
ders for rubber JUp boots had been
placed previously.
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS. j
Butte Arizona 03 . . ;
banta Lruz Bisbee .7;
Jerome Daisy ... . 5
Nacozari Con ... .. -
Verde Apex ... .13 .la
Caluniet and Jerome .. ..1.31
Feather River Gold 2tt
DANISH WOMAN
REGAINS HEALTH:
Tells Everybody What Lydia
E. Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound did for Her.
Chicago. 111. "It frfves me treat
pleasure to let others know that I im-
nrovea in neaiin
takinir two bottles
I am entirely well.
Before taking it I
could not do any
kind of work with
out a pain in my
back as 1 suffered
so much from in
flammation. I had
headaches, was al-
wavs tired and no aDDetite.
Words
cannot express my patitude for the
ovafwl Vfatii tmawltmnA nam 41 Drift TYiA. sallf
ta h Jto Z family. I recom-
mend Lvdia E. Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound to all women suffering from
female troubles, particularly to Danish,
women." Mrs. Met A jjamgaard-mat'
zan, 2137 Kimball Ave., Chicago, 11L
It is positively true that Lydia E.
Pinkham's Veritable Compound bai
heliied thousands of women who hav.
own uyuuiea wiui up"-p
nammauon, uictrauoo, vumuio,
larities, periodic pains, backache, that
bearing down feeling, indigestion, UQ
r.irvous prostration,
fa A
Mm
I
1
U
Lon Irutky (iflt d .Niko'ai Leninv.
IFOUR JURIS
CHOSEN TO TRY
CHILEAN HEIRESS
(By Review Leased Wire.)
MINEOLA. N. X., Nov. 19. F'Jur of
the twelve jurors who are to decide
the fate of Mrs. Bianca de Saulles.
Chilean heiress, who is charged with
shooting to death her divorced hus -
' -."J T. -y : . : ,rir ... . . a . ' 1 7' Ik. al
oi.j iCTuuiw., .,e,u. 1 i0r supervision, to tne arcnitect wnose
duced showing that Mrs. de Saulles pian8 are adopted. Kor further infor
on the night of the shooting, was men-1 mation of architects reference is here-
, tally unbalanced.
1
. in 11 11. . nui 11 i , .j.iv.ii iuir luua .
sanitay plea, it is understood the de -
i fense will-maintain she became men-'
tally deranged when De Saulles broke
(a promise which she declares he made'
to return their son to her - custody j
early the night of the shooting; thati
she motored to De Saulles' home. and.
jrurther excited by his refusal to let
iT'tlT' frm
i r -
I The four jurors accepted today are
, married and have children.
! Miss Alamia and William Errazuriz,
: sister and brother of the defendant.
: "olcr "u ""r me ueienaam.
8at "ear Mrs- Saulles in the court
room loaay. vrnn meir motner, tney
Henry A. Uterhart, counsel for the de-j 1913, Civil Code.
fPndant said he would introduce no tes-j The Board reserves the right to re-
timony relative to his client's sanity ;jec. any or all plans submitted. Plans
ttlroupn alienists. I will be passed upon at 11 o'clock a. m.,
Tonight it seemed probablc that December 3, 1917.
most of tomorrow's sessions would be Address all communications to A. C.
occupied with the selection of the Karger, clerk. Tombstone, Arizona.
otnpr eif,ht jl)rorg an(J tf)at tQe exam.: Attest: V. M. JOHNSON,
Ination of witnesses would not begin A. C. KARGER, Chairman.
until Wednesday. As a basis for the' Clerk. Adv-303
SrvdiaFPw!08"16 fronifSouth America to attend
r 7' i7 hi l"e lrlal- "ire. r-rrazuriz was 111 to-
&unKf ter!day' cording to Mr. Uterhart. but
will be at her daughter's side through
out the remainder of the trial.
SHAY WILL TESTIFY
AT MURDER HEARING
(By Review Leased Wire.)
INDIANAPOLIS. Nov. 19 Dan Shay
former American Association baseball
manager, will go on the stand tomor
row tJ defend nimself apain8t a char8
of 8erond deree murdpr on 'hi he
18 e(hR tried- Tlle case f"w out of
the shooting of Clarence Euell. negro
waiter, in a hotel cafe here last May.
Principal among the witnesses to
day was Mrs. Gertrude Anderson, man
icurist, wlm van with Shav In Hip rafn
at hu ama nr tio ,hm.ti,.n 01,.. in
8,sted tnrouKnout cro8S exam;nat1on;
tha. thft nprn. ,i,lwi0 fttara c1!lv
... .
was threatening.
.
REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS
Shoe Repair
ing at Regu
lar Prices!
taery
i
LEGAL NOTICES.
NOTICE TO ARCHITECTS
Notice is hereby given that the
Board of Supervisors of Cochise coun
ty, state of Arizona, invites architects
to submit plans and specifications in
detail for the erection and completion
in Lowell and Bisbee, Cochise county,
Arizona, of new buildings or such ex
tensions and additions to the present
county branch jails as will be suitable
for the purpose herinafter designated.
The new buildings or the said exten
sions and additions to the present
coun:y branch jails are designated to
Jake care for and be occupied by the
Justice courts and suitable accommo-
. datlons for jurors engaged In the trial
, by made to the PiOvisions of Title XL
i ni i n - kmvix . l ihiiiir. ni Ari7nnM
iFlrst Publication. November 21, 1917.
REVIEW
BRING
WANT ADS
RESULTS.
KEPT HER AWAKE
The Terrible Paint in Back and
Sides. Cardui Gave Relief.
Marksville, La. Mrs. Alice Johnson,
0t mis place, writes: -ror one year l
suffered with an awful misery in my back
eii M left tA a tnnrtinw mo
j j-j The misery was something
awfuL
1 could not do anything, not even sleep
at night It kept me awake most of the
night ... I took different medicines, but
nothing did me any good or relieved me
until I took Cardui . . .
1 was not able to do any of my work
for one year and 1 got worse all the time,
was confined to my bed off and on. I got
so bad with my back that when I stooped
j down I was not able to straighten up
again
"-
I decided I would try Cardui
... By time I had taken the entire bottle
. was feeling pretty good and could
straighten up and my pains were nearly
ill gone.
I shall always praise Cardui. I con
tinued taking it until I was strong and
well." If you suffer from pains due to
female complaints, Cardui may be just
wnai you neea. mousanas 01 women
who once suffered in this way now praise
Cardui for their present good health.
Dive it a trial. NC-133
OuSch
LEGAL NOTICES.
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR U.
S. PAT ENT.
Mineral Survey No. 3374.
Serial No. 035635.
United States Land Office, Phoenix,
October 31, 1917.
Notice Is hereby given that R. A.
Bretherton and C. M. Henkel, coKJwn
ers. whose postoffice address is Bisbee,
Arizona, have made application for
patent for the following named lode
mining claims, situated in the Warren
Mining District. Cochise county, Arizo
na, in Sections 13 and 14, Township 23
S, Range 24-E, unapproved. G. & S. R.
B. & M.. described as follows, to-wit:
"ROCKLAND" Beginning at corner
No. 1, the S. E. corner,- whence the
Wl-4 cor. sec. 18 T. 23-S, R. 25-E. G.
S. R, B. & M. bears S-78 58' E. 3233.S
feet; thence N. 83 34' W. 115S.70 feet
to corner No. 2; thence N. 78 20' W
347.50 feet to corner No. 3; thence N.
2 14 W. 574 feet to comer No. 4;
thence S. 83 34' E. 1.500 feet to cor
ner No. 5; thence S. 2' o4' E. 606 feet
to corner No. 1. the place of beginning,
containing a net area of 18.65S acres,
expressly excluding area In conflict
with Survey No. 3158. Rolla lode of
1.858 acres.
"BLACK BEN." Beginning at cor
ner No. 1, the S. E. corner, whence the
Wl-4 cor. of See. 18, T. 23-S. R. 25-E. G.
& S. R. B. & M. bears S. 80 03' E.
4737.2 feet; thence N. 78 20 W. 1150.
50 feet to corner No. 2; thence N. 65"
23' W. 377.80 feet to corner No. 3: -thence
N. 2 04 W. 530.40 feet to cor
ner No. 4; thence S. 78 20' E. 1500
feet to corner No. 5; thence S. 2 04
E. 617 60 fee: to corner No. 1. the place
of beginning, containing a net area, of
20.112 acres, expressly excluding area '
in conflict with Sunshine lode of this
survey of 0.208 acres.
"SUNSHINE. Beginning at corner
No. 1. the S. E. corner, whence the W
1-4 cor or Sec. 18. T. 23-S, R. 25-EU G.
& S. R. B. ft M. bears S. 78 61' E. 6.
256 reet; thence S. 82 04 W. 959.30
reet to corner No. 2; thence N. 1 41'
E. 600 feet to corner No. 3; thence N.
81 48' E. 960.10 teet to corner No. 4;
thence S. 1" 41' W. 604.50 feet to cor
ner No. 1, the place of beginning, con
taining a net area of 12.860. acres, ex
pressly excluding aera In conflict with
Survey No. 2412, Apache lode of 0.217
acres.
The location notices of these claims
are recorded in the office of the Coun
ty Recorder ot Cochise county. Arizo
na, as follows:
Rockland, Book 49, Record of Mines,
page 137.
Black Ben. Book 49, Record of Mines
page 132.
Sunshine. Book 49, Record or Mines
page 139.
The names Of the adjoining claims to
this survey are; on the north, Surrey
No. 2412, Apache lode; Neglected and
Anna, unsnrveyed; owned by applicant
herein; Warren lode, unsurveyed: on
the East Survey No. 3158. Rolla lode;
on the South Survey No. 1794.GrenfeH
lode- Sumy No. 2176, Carmelita and
Corona lodes; Survey No. 2221 Shat
tuck No. 2; and Survey No. 3158. Car
melita and Corona lodes on the West
Survey No. 1794. Calumet lode.
J. L. IRWIN. Register.
First publication, Nov. 7. 1917.
t Last publication. Jan 16. 1918.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the Interior, U. S. Land
Office at Phoenix. Arizona, October
13. 1917.
Notice Is hereby given that Freder
ick J. Murrell of Hereford, Arizona,
who, on September 1. 1910, made Here
ford. Arizona. No. 012016, ror NW1-4.
section 28. township 23S., range, 22EL.
G. ft S. R.. B. ft Meridian, has Died
notice or intention to make five year
i proof, to establish claim to the land
above described, before J. D. Taylor.
U. S. Commissioner, at Bisbee, Arizona
on the 23rd day of November, 1917.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Edward Wilcox, John C. Calhoun.
William A. White. Chas. A. Martin.
All or McNeal, Arizona.
J. I IRVTN.
Register.
First Publication October 17. 1917.
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT
Of Cochise county. State ot Arizona. '
Notice tof Hearing Petition in tha
matter or the estate or Ellen Maston,
deceased.
Ntoice Is hereby given that Elwyn
A. Watkins has filed in this court a .
certain document purporting to be the
last "will and testament or Ellen Mas
ton, together with his petition praying
that said document be admitted to pro
bate in this court as the last will and
testament or said Ellen Maston. who,
said petitioners alleges, is deceased,
and that letters testamentary issue
therein to said petitioner, and that
same will be heard on Saturday the
24th day of November, A. D.. 1917. at
10 o'clock in the forenoon or said day.
at the court room or said court, in the
court house, in the city ot Tombstone.
County or Cochise, State or Arizona,
and all persons Interested in said es
tate are notified then and there to ap
pear and show cause, if any they have,
why the prayer of said petitioner
should not be granted.
J. E. JAMES. Clerk.
C. L. Allen. Deputy Clerk.
Dated November 6th. 1917. Adv.-13J
REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS
NEXT DOOR TO
RACKET STORE THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 21, 1917.
SEVEN
Review Want Ads
Advertisements under this bead at the rate of 1 cent per word tor each
Issue, with a minimum charge of 26 cents. Advertisements must reach Tb
Review office not later than 8 p. m. for Insertion In the next morning paper
For Sale
FOR SALE A bargain. One 5 passen
ger touring car and 1 191? Ford, if
taken at once. Brophy Garage ft
SuddIv Co.. Lowell. 297
FOR SALE Twelve stool lunch coun
ter. A money maker. Owner must
seek lower altitude. Inquire at
striDed tent. LewelL 701
FOR SALE 6 room house, close in
$1,000 cash, balance easy. Apply to
M. C. Hixh. 23 1
FOR SALE 3 -room house, pantry,
chicken house and pen, rear of wa
ter tank. Miller BUL Call Tom
Bank. Bisbee. I28
FOR SALE 6 room house and turn!
ture, $500 cash, balance like rent
Onera Drive. Apply to M. C. High.
236
FOR SALE Lanca room and soda
water fonntatn, very low rent. Have
good reason for telling. Will stand
Investigation. Address Box 3074,
Lowell. Aria. 248
FOR SALE Shoe (hop in prominent
mining camp up-to-date machinery,
In perfect, condition, good chance for
a good shoemaker. For Information
call at Review Office. F. N. 249
FOR SALE 160 acres, good farming
land. E. Sulger, C A A. Office, War
ren. . 116
FRESH RIPE TOMATOES, tor can
ning, 5c per pound, at my ranch near
Naco. Will deliver If quantity is
ordered. Chase L. Purdy. 300
FOR SALE New house with sleeping
porch, all modern. Tombstone Can
jon, half cash, balance monthly
payments. Inquire John J. Eddy,
Fair store. 283
FOR SALE Columbia hornless pho
nograph, 62 records. Apply rear of
Second ' nouwe north of Boule
vard stop.. Warren. . ; 281
FOR SALE One 7 passenger Quick at
a bargain. Inquire Lowell Repair
shop. Johnson Addition. - 284
FOR SALE or Trade, for property in
Warren District. 160 acres with 30v
inches of water from Colorado river.
Land is good for alfalfa, cotton or
hog ranch, or caa raise most any
thing.. ..This land is in Colorado. See
R. P. Radich. Box 3086, Lowell. Ariz.
. . 2C1
FOR SALE Winchester .16 gague
pump. gun. Used this season only.
$25.' Phone 108 2 rings 260
FOR SALE Cheap, excellent express
or Farm horse, wagon and harness.
Will consider best offer. Inquire T.
G. Mort, Don Luis. . 223
FOR SALE 1916 Oakland six. cheap.
Al conditfon. Apply G. J. Ellis, flor
ist 224
FOR SALE Seven passenger Paige
automobile. Been run 6,000 miles.
For sale cheap. Cash or terms. Sam
Musser, Auto Stand Phone 366. 282
FOR SALE CHEAP Good "coal and
wood range with water back, cost
new $65. Thirty-five dollar gas stove
practically new. Address Box 792.
Warren Arizona. 235
MuceQaneoiM
EXPERT paper hanger and painter. C.
J. Brandt Phone 456, Box 150. 679
WE do 'general house cleaning, solder
ing, plumbing, repairing furniture,
stoves and painting. Phone 742, Gim
enes. Reasonable pr'ces. 52
FOR SALE 6 room house with 2 lots
30x110, basement under whole
house. Concrete wall all around both
lots. ' 45 bearing fruit trees. All
fenced with wire fencing. Garage,
barn and chicken houses. For fur
ther Information call on tr address.
A. Parker, the Gyp block house build
er. P. O. Box 942, Warren. 315
FOR SALE Studebaker 7 passenger
6 cylinder touring car in good con
dition. Price $400. Apply at once.
Long Trail Garage, Johnson Addition
. 308
PETEY DINK A Blow to the
-ow dear. PeTenA X-vccl.ive ?haw6Ed ' EZ wvja-Ai-ekH'mpX I LTT 9 ''
(woo must stop ) ohseapVMv h.wo aoot MABru ) f v, " Tut J I TPe HEiGMBo& Impyyy Lf I JA
i ; ' - Z c..cS
For Sale.
FOR SALE 6 rooms and bath in Quar
ry Canyon, near convent Will
take auto in trade. M. S., care of
Review. 291
FOR SALE Small rooming house,
300. No hills good income. I. X. L.
careReciew. 313
Male Help Wanted
WANTED Boy for shop work. Apply
gropny u.ra6e ouvv .
LEARN actual auto repairing, book-!
i o O t.. Oft
keeping, shorthand, radio, engineer !
lug. T. M. C. A
Los Angeles. Cat-
alog free.
1 1 1
HELP WANTED Applications for;8earch which nennetl In tne finding:
-Review- routes asked for from tne body The My. nad Deen'
wiDiiAwaat, ooys oeiweeo ia "",aragged about 300 yards to the place,
.16 years old.
126:
Female Help Wanted
WANTED Waitress at Stag Club. 289 !
WANTED An exeperience chamberl
maid. Apply Ozark House. 2821
WANTED Girl for general housework j
Apply Phone 359.
288
WANTED First class white cook. Ap-j
ply Mrs. E. E. Ellinwood. 231
WANTED Chamoermald.
Hotel.
Victoria ;
157'
For Rent
FOR RENT or sale, 3 room house
pantry, chicken house, and pen. Rear
of water tank. Miller Hill, $10, per
month. Box 1874. 290
FOR RENT Garage, Quarry Canyon
Close in, large enough for two cars.
Phone 608. 225
FOR RENT Furnished four roon-!
house, quiet family of adults j
preferred: 123 Quarry Canyon. 259 j
FOR RENT Four room furnished
house. Mrs. Hanley. 170 Opera
Drive. , 215 !
Furnished Rooms
FOR RENT Sleeping room for one or
two gentlemen. Second bouse above
Brooks Apartment. O. K. st 312
FOR RENT Furnished Cabin and;
rooms for batching, 176 Naco road, j
k 309;
FOR RENT 5 rooms furnished Close
in Suitable for 2 families. Apply to
no & Co., 20 Brewery Gulch. 287:
Ca
FOR RENT 2 newly furnished rooms
for housekeeping. No children. S(
Johnson avenue. 26
FOR RENT 2 light housekeeping
rooms on ftovemoer iz, o Mam st
277
FOR RENT Large furnished houce j
keeping or batching rooms, no hills. ,
Custom House Phone Green 696. j
2S( j
FOR RENT 2 furnished housekeeping j
Rooms. L. B. Carey, Cochise Rov.. ;
28C !
1
FOR RENT Few rooms newly finish-;
ed; Ozark Rooming and Boarding j
house, for $5.00 per month; ten more
boarders wanted. 71 Brewery Gulch j
Bert Clement proprietor, t 256 '
MOOSZ HOTEL Furnished
$2.00 per wek and up.
roomp
40g ;
,
housekeeping '
FOR RENT 3 light
rooms and sleeping porch, 189 Tetn-
by avenue. 314
Money To Loan.
$50,000 to loan on improved city prop
erty or for building, on easy term ,
of
payment T. A Hughes, over j
Bank o. Bisbee.
69'.
... , , , ' is all you need pay at any drug store,
SMALL .quick Joans on your personal ior lt wm be sent direct by E. Law
note to salaried men and women, al-1 renee & Co chicago nu
V tL LtUrf CvXfna C- R?m So,d tn Disb od recommended as
Lyrli Theatre building. 166 : worM.. begt CMn remedy by thc
m i Pne,BB Dodge Mercantile Company.
REVIEW WANT ADS FG RESULTS 1
Family Pride
Woman Rancher
Murdered, Then
Body Is Hidden
(By Review Leased Wire.)
CARRIZOZO, N M.. Nov. 19 The
fiading of the body of Miss Lillie In-! Loomis of Buena, Arizona, who on Sep
gram, a rancher, in underbrush on her'tember 25, 1914, made homestead entry
ranch six miles from White Oaks, Lin-1 No. 025782, for wl-2 ne 1-4, sel-4 nwl-4,
coin county, today, uncovered a mys-j nwl-4 se 1-4. sec. 27; on October 12,
tery that so fat has defied solution. 191. H. E. 025867 for el-2 nel-4, nel-4
The woman had been shot through ' 8el-- 8W l Bel i- sec 27 township 21-s
the body, a bullet from a 25 30 rifle range 21-e,-meridian, has filed notice of
j entering her right breast and passing
out under the left shoulder-blade. The
slayer left no trace as to his Identity.
i . " . . ' tVl '
1 iiaioo lugtam, nuu aa-u aiuuv via iv
ff nch . Saturday ,t WR,
believed, but the fact that she had
been killed was not known until to"
day, when her brother and a friend
went to the ranch to visit her. Not ;
1 findinc her t home, thev becan a'
of concealment
Wanted
WANTED To rent a three or four.
' I 1 1 1 1 1 n U-4b...An '
room furnished house'' in Warren
Address P. O. Box 1275, Bisbee.
230'
WANTED To buy six black minorca
pullets or year old bens. C. J. B. Re
view. 268
WANTED-Typewriting to do at home
Af nanlnoi TW 11h Rlshnn Ar-
lzona.
760
j WANTED Telegraphers, stenograph
i era, bookkeepers; students earn
i board, room tuition. Mackay Busi
I ness College. Los Angeles. 789
Petitions W ted
! WANTED Position
i :
girl in store 'or chamber work in ho -
tel. MKD.. Review. .51
PROFESSIONAL CARDS
CLEARY, painter. Member
Builders Exchange. Box 1495. 347
FOUND
;
FOUND Bracelet at the Y. W. C. A.
owner identify Bame and pay for ad.'
307
FOR A CORN-PEALING
PICNIC, USE "GETS-IT"
Pain Eases at Once, Com Just
rx- t ;
Do your corn-ridding easily, with a !
smile. the banana-neel wav. That's !
tim "fiets-if wavfh nniv tloitI
vour rtirn or rWs rnmps nfr rntnniPte
as though it were glad to get off.
Trawl
AroMMil t hf
World In Corn Agoar,
"Gets-It" has cured more corns than
all other remedies combined. It's
sure as the sunrise, and as safe as
water. Used by millions. Don't take
a chance with your feet, you can't af
ford to experiment with unknown mix
tures when you know Gets-It" uever
fails.
"Gets-It" will removp anv corn jr
callus. Wear those new, stylish shoes
or pumps' if you want to, go ahead
and dance. Demand "Gets-It" throw
substitutes back on the counter! 25c
Advertisement
REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS
V S K 1 - V
WW
LEGAL NOTICES.
025782025876
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the Interior, U. S. land
office at Phoenix, Arizona, October
27, 1917.
Notice Is hereby given that Ira E.
Intention to make three year proof, to
escaoiisn ciaim to uei anaaoove 46
scribed, before Jared D. Taylor. U. S.
the 4th day of December, 1917.- '
, ,
Claimant names as witnesses:
Wm. A Morris, of Buena, Arizona,
Arizona
Frank B. Moson of Lewis Springs,
Cassius R. Knbles, of Buena, Ariz.
Paul H. Knoles of Buena, Arizona.
JOHN L. 4RVIN.
. Register.
First Publication, Ooctober 30, 1917.
Advertisement-201
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR
UNITED STATES PATENT
Mineral Survey No. 3277. Serial No.
- -
036120. United States Land Office,
Phoenix, Arizona, Atgust 31, 1917.
Notice Is hereby given that Alfred
Paul, whose post office address Is
Douglas, Arizona, has made applica-
; 1,""!
I ""'"US onuaw, lu
the Warren Mining Dibinct, Cochlg
, County, Arizona:
"Don Miguel"
I Beginning 'at Corner NO. 1, the
; Southeast Corner, whence the West
quarter Corner of Section 30. Town
ship 23, South, Range 25 East G. & S
, R. B. ft M. bears South 85 36' East
j 4941.1 feet; thence North 69 39' West
1500 feet along imea 1-6 and 2-9 Sur-
: i0le!li 'respectively, to Corner M. Z
; e Soulnwegl Corer; menue Nort'.
',32' 25' Eact 467.60 feet to Corner No.
,3; thence South 68' 46' East 664.SI
feet along line 3-2 and 4-5 Survey No.
1781 Cave lode and Survey No. 2J44
Gold Hill lode, respectively to Cbrnei
.No. 4; thence North ,43 52' Easi
J 163.20 feet along line 2-1 ana C-6 oi
hurvey No. 1781, Cave lode and Sur
vey n 0. 2244, Gold Hill lode, respec
tively, to Corner No. 5; thence Souti
g 38' 30 Ease 654.30 feet alone
t lines 3-2 and 6-1 Survey No. 1953 Bryen
i lode and Survey No. 2244 Gold HIL
; lode, respectively, to Corner No. 8, tht
Nortneast Corner; thence South 4'
49' Kast 236.40 feet to Corner Jso. 7,
thence South S2 2!?' West 391.20 feet
to Corner No. 1, tne pliwsc ot the hu
gtnuin.g containing a ;ouu rt-
17.917 acres. The presumed
tne Tein 0n this claim Is
course oi
from thr
j West end center South 69 39' Easi
1500 Ieet
"Don Miguel No. 1"
Beginning at Corner No. 1,
tte
Northeast' Corner, whence the West
; quarter Corner of Section 30, Town-
( ship 23 South, Range 25 East G. ft S.
i R. B. ft M. bears south 85 37' jCast
j 4935.1 feet; thence South 37 2'
W est 584 feet to Corner No. 2. the
Southeast Corner; thence Norm ea'
52' West 86 feet to Corner No. 3
identical wjin Corner No. 3 Survey No.
2244 South Side lode; thence North
48 52' West 614.60 reet along lines 3-4
and 1-5. Survey No. 2244. South Side!10131 reeL
and Survey No. 2188, Worren lodes,
respectively, to Corner No. 4, the
Southwest Corner; thence North 32
25' East 364.40 feet to Corner No. 5
the Northwest Corner; thence South
69 39' East 150640 feet to Corner
No. 1. the place of beginning; contalu
ing a total area of 18.277 acres. Ex
pres.sly excluding area in conflict
with Survey No. 1917, Bangor Lode ol '
0.123 acres. The presumed course oi!
the vein on this claim Is from the East
eud center North 68V16' West 1499.1
fet
Resrlnntnr at Pnronr Nn 1 thu'ord of Mines. nfB 4fl7- I
Northeast Corner, whence the West
quarter Corner of Section 30, Town
hlp 23 South, Range 25 East G. ft S. j
R. B. & M. bears South 84 21' 30'
East 4215 feet; thence Scuth 32 23'.
West 974.10 feet to Corner No. 2, the
Southeast Corner; thence North 69';
48' West 581.40 feet to Corner No. 3,
the Southwest Corner; thence North
32 25' East 974..10 feet to Corner No.'
4, the Northwest Corner; thence
South 59 48' East 581.40 feet to Cor-
LEGAL NOTICES.
ner No. 1, the place of beginning; con
taining a total area of 12.992 acres.
'Expressly excluding area in conflict
with Don Miguel No. 1 lode of this sui
vey, of 0.084 acres, and Survey No.
2019 Little Mary lode of 2.527 acres,
and Don Miguel No. 4 lode of this sur
vey of 0.866 acree. The presumed
course of the vein on this claim Is
from the North end center South 32
25' West 974.1 feet
"Don Miguel No. 8"
Beginning at Corner No. 1, the
Southeast Corner, whence the West
quarter Corner of Section 80, Town
ship 23 South, Range 25 Et O. 8.
R. B. A M. bears South 82 16' East
4606.1 feet; thence North 59 48' West
176.80 feet to Corner No. 2, the South
west Corner; thence North 4 49'
West 906.80 feet to Corner No. 3, the
Northwest Corner; thence South 59
48' East 176.80 feet to Corner No. 4.
the Northeast Corner;; thence South
4 49' East 906.80 feet to Corner No.
1, the place of beginning; containing
a total area of 3.014 acres. Expressi)
excluding area la conflict with Surve
No. 1953 Bryen lode exclusive of lt
conflict with Survey No. 2244 Bleb
Quen No. 2 lode of 1.403 acres. Tht
presumed course of the vein on tbu
claim Is from the North end centet
South 4 49' East 906.8 fet.
"Don Miguel No. 4."
Beginning at Corner No. 1, tht
Northeast Corner, whence the West
quarter Corner of Section 30, TOwn
ship 23 South. Range 25 East G. A 8
R. B. ft M. bears North 75 35' East
3334.5 feet; thence South 61 17
West 631 60 feet to Corner No. 2, tut
Southeast Corner; thence North 63
1'V West 1018.20 feet along line 2-3
Survey No. 2244, Bisbee Queen lode t
Corner NO. 3; thence North 48 66
West 447 feet to Corner No. 4, th
Southwest Corner; thence North x 51
17' East 500 feet to Corner No. 6, tht
Northwest Corner; thence South 66
55' East 1500 feet to Corner No. 1
the place of beginning; containing
total area of 18.913 acres, expressly ex
eluding area In conflict with Survo
No. 2172 Lena lode of 0.043 acres. Tht
presumed course of the vein on ttxu
claim is from the East end centei
N'orth 66 55' West 1500 feet
fDon Miguel No. 6."
Beginning . at Corner No. 1, tht
southeast Corner, whence the Wesi
-juarter Corner of Section 30, Ton
ship 23 Sonth .Range 25 East G. ft S
R. B. & M. bears North 70 23 Easi
3844.8 feet; thence North 87 11' West
148 90 feet to Corner No. 2. the.South
west Corner; thence North 60 13
West 16.50 feet along lines 1-6 and 2 !
Survey No. 21S6 Marquette No. 1 lod
and Survey No. 2244 Bisbee Queen No
3 lode respectively, to Corner No. 3, j
thence North 48 56' West 1001.00 tee.
along lines 6 5 and 3-4, Survey No
2186, Marquette 1 lode and Survey No
2244, Bisbee Queen No. 3 lode respec
tively, to Corner No. 4, the Northwest
Corner; thence South 87 11' East
127.10 feet to Corner No. 5, the Noru
bust Corner; thence South 48 66
East 915.30 feet along line 6-6 Surve;
No. 2244 Bisbee Queen No. 3 lode v
Corner No. 6: thence South 56 55
East 120.10 fet along line 61 Survej
No. 2244 Bisbee Quen No. 3 lode U
Cornet No. 1, the place of beginning,
containing a total area of 1.849 acres
expressly excluding area In confllc
with Don Miguel No. 4 Of this survej
of 0.827 acres. The presumed courst
of the vein on this claim la from tb
Soutn eud center North 48 66' Wea
The locations notices of said clalmi
are recorded in the office of the Coun
ty Recorder of Cochise County. An
tona, as follows:
"Don Miguel," Book' 64 Record o
Mines, pag 402;
,"Don Mifcuel NO. 1." Book 64, Ret
ord of Mines, page 403;
Don Miguel No 2," Book 54. Recon
of Mines, page 404:
"Don Miguel No.
Book 54. Rec j
ord of Mines, page 405; 1
"Don Miguel No. 4," Book 64. Re
ord of Mines, page 406;.
"Don Miguel No. 5," Book 64, Ret
I The name of the adjoining claim.
'are: On the north the "Cave.- "Bel j
tie Mary" and "Mascot'
the South ."Edith.' "Lena,- "Marquett. '
1.- "Cora," "Bangor,- "Buffalo," "Clr j
cus" and "Warren" lodes; on the Eas. I
"Little Elsie, "Little Mary" ant !
"Ocatea" lodes; on the West "Laa- j
Chance" lode. i
J. L. IRVIN, Register. I
First Publication, Sept 23. 1917
Last Publication. November 30. 1917
Lodge
BISBEE LODGE, NO. 71&
leets every Friday night. Moose HalL
isiting brothers cordially Invited.
V. R. TONKIN. Dictator.
KAY ROSS, Secretary.
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED AMERI
CAN MECHANICS.
Meets In Medlgovtch
Hall, second and fourth
Tuesdays each month
Visiting brothers wel
coma.
F. D. LANE, Councillor.
J. I BENTON. Recording Secretary
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OR AMERICA.
DREADNOUGHT.
U O. L. NO. 210,
Meets In L O.
O. F. Hall first
and third
MONDAY
at 7:30 p. m.
Visiting broth
ers cordially
Invited to at
tend. 3EO. SLEEMAN. W. M. 1
ROBERT FERGUS, Secretary
P. O. Box 426. Bisbee.
FRATERNAL ORDER EAGLES.
Bisbee Aerie, No. 17C, T. O. meets
Irtt and third MONDAYS, 8. p. m.
Cagles Hall. Visiters cordially ei
-ome.
HCHARD DAVIS. President
C. L. EDMONSON. Aerie Physician.
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS
Rathbone Lodge No. 10,
Knights of Pythias
meets each Thursday
(except second) In Odd
Fellows' Hall at 7:30i
p. m. Visiting brothers !
cordially invited.
FRANK BRUNING. C C.
J. C. KKIGBAUM, K. of R. S.
LEGAL NOTICES
021399-026606
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the Interfor, V. 3. Land
Office at Phoenix. Arizona, October j
Notice Is hereby given that Caslmir
3. Williams of Ft. Huachuca, Arizona,)
.vho, on February 24, 1913, made home-!
stead entry. No. 021399, fev Nl-2, NE1-4 '
Xl-2 NW1-4. Sec 34 and Addl H. E ;
)26606. for Sl-2 SE1-4. Sl-2 SW1-4. Sec.
,- t ,Q ,, n . Q R ; Main street at 7:00 p. m. Visiting
,.tOHnShip22S,range2mG.ft S.R.jbrotaer, nriimy invited to attend!
3. ft meridian, has filed notice of inten- j Hall nhone lis
Jon to make three year proof, to es
ablbh claim to the land above de
scribed, before J. D. Taylor, U. S. Com
oiissioner, at Bisbee, Arizona, on the
21st day of November 1917.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Chester A. Nelson, William A. Lytic
Carl Carlson, Gerrit Whitefoot all of
'lereford, Arizona,
J. L. IRVIN.
Register.
First Publication, October 16. 1917
Last Publication, November 20, 1917.
024529.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department Of the Interior, U. S. Land ,
unite at rnoenix, Arizona, octooer
6, 1917.
Notice is hereby given that Julius
E. Haase, of Hereford. Arizona, who.
?n March 4. 1914, made homestead en-
iry, No. 024529 for SE1-4 Section 19.
township 23S, Range 22E., G. ft S. R.
3. ft Meridian, has filed notice of ia-
'ention to make three vear nrnof. fh 9
tablish claim to the land above de -
scribed, before J. D. Taylor, U. S. Com-i
tr:na- 00 th'
20th day of November. 1917
Claimant names aa witnesses: J
Herman Haase, Samuel C. Giles.!
Leslie Wilcox, Frank C. Cobbe, all of !
Hereford. Arizona,
J. Li IRVIN,
Register,
First Publication. October 16. 1917
Last Publication, November 21. 1917.
Notices
WEEK ENDING NOV. 24. 1917.
Monday.
2d Degree.
Thursday
N. C. BLEDSOE, W. M.
R T. WATKINS. Secy. F. ft A. M.
A M. COLWELL, E. B. P.
C. F. PHILBROOK, T.LK
f E. FRY E. C
F S. DAVENPORT. Secretary Chatter
and Commandery.
W. R. BANKS. Secretary CoondL
T. F. B.
FRATERNAL
BROTHERHOOD
Bisbee Lodge No
452 meets the 1st
and 3rd Mondays
of each month at
7:30 at Medigo
vlch HalL Visit-
ing members cordially lavttad.
PHIL. DAVIS, President
URS. C. E. FINOTTL Treasurer.
Box 722, Tel. 23S, Red.
KATHER1NE SALHOLM, Secretary.
. LODGE NO. C71.
Regular meeting first and third Fri
day of each month. Visiting brothers
cordially Invited to attend.
R E. WARNER. Exalted Ruler.
J. A. KELLY. Secretary.
PYTHIAN SISTERS.
Lily Temple. No. 3jneeU every 2nd
and 4th Thursday evening of each
month at Odd Fellows HalL Visiting
sisters are cordially invited.
ANNA HART, M. E. C
JEANET SWEENEY. M. of R. C
WOODMEN CIRCLE.
Meets In MedlKOrlch Hail 2nd and
Vh Fridays of each month.
HATTIE A LUKE, Guardian.
PAULINE F. BROWN, Clerk.
P. O. Box 62L
KNIGHTS AND LADIES OF SECUR
ITY, BISBEE COUNCIL NO. 2115
Meets every Second and Fourth Sat
urdays in the month at L O. O. F.
halt, 7:30 p. m. Visiting members are
cordially Invited.
ARNOLD SCHMID. President O.
Box 3483, Lowell. Aria.
FREDERICK J. ATTAWAY.
Secretary, LbweU.
v. T.ivrtorrisT
Secre'Ury( p. 0. 3246
LewelL
BISBEE LODGE, No. 10, I. O. O. F.
Meets every
WEDNESDAY
evening at Odd
.VT .Z7 uows Mali.
' GEO. MUNSEY. N. G
C D. KIRBY. Secretary.
IMPROVED ORDER RED MEN.
Meets first and third
Thursdays at 7:30 p. m.
In Medlgovich HalL All
visiting R4 Men Invited
to attend.
Wm. DELBIUDGE, Sachem.
W. D. COHEN. Medicine Man
F. C FENDERSON. C. of R.
MODERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA
.Bisbe Camp No. 13415.
Meets first Tuesday at
Odd Fellows HalL
R. L- MOTZ, ConenL
H. F MATHEWSON.
Clerk.
ORDER OF EASTERN STAR.
meets tn Masonic Hal
Pearl Chapter, No. 6, meets
in Masonic Hall second and
fourth Tuesday of eac
month at 7:30 p. m.
;MRS - ? ,:, i,
?,hDonoTJior. ,,v U o
229cha1m.nReUef Com.' Phone 16L
WOODMEN OF THE WOLD.
-f Lowell Camp No. 46 win
meet every Wednesday
r - A IV.9A T"l fc. tT.11
,H. C. LANDAU, C. C.
O. a THOMAS, aerk
All Woodmen Invited.
WnttA f EIGHT
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 21, 1917.
a
EAGLE THEATRE
City Briefs
THE HOME OF GREATER STARS AND GREATER PHOTOPLAYS
CONTINUOUS FROM 1 TO 11 CONTINUOUS FROM 1 TO
11
William Fox Presents Virginia Pearson
IN THE GREAT NEW YORK AND LONDON STAGE SUCCESS
When False Tongues Speak
We can assure everyone that this production contains thrills and novelty, that will
keep you on edge from the opening title to the last fade out. Its melodramic tone is
of the highest kind. A New Wliliam Fox Special Production.
Haa anyone visited you? Or
have you entertained? If o, call
the Review after p. m. and tell
the Society Editor. Ptone 39.
RETURNED HOME
Miss Puela Krews has returned to
her home in Tombstone after upending
several days in this city.
CENTRAL
Starting at 6:15
Tli
wi mm g - taxi hi 3"w
AIRE
TONIGHT
TONIGHT
WAS IN TOMBSTONE
j Sam Kyle was in Tombstone yester
' day on business before the superior
; court, in the case of Tyson vs Tys'jn. '
i
I
Admission 10 and 15 cents.
Admission 10 and 15 cents.
3
J
i AS A WITNESS "
I Jack Ryan, the motor cycle deputy I
, was in Tombstone yesterday as a wit- i
j ness in the superior court. He return
' ed home last evening. I
PARAMOUNT PRESENTS THE GREAT CHARACTER IMPERSONATOR
GEORGE BEBAN in
"A Roadside Impressario "
Assisted By His Bear Bruno One of the Most Unusual Plays in Which This
Noted Actor Has Ever Appeared
MUSIC BY ORCHESTRA
ADMISSION 10 AND 15 CTS.
J
BACK FROM TOMBSTONE
k John Sanders, the local attorney has
, returned from Tombstone where ' he
j was called jn business before the su
; perior court.
remodeling of the city hall, fire sta- eponse to the call. Mr. Owen has a TROUBLE MAKER
tion und city jnfl in Douglas for the number or menus in llisbee.
sum cf $16,275. The work will be
commenced at once.
Oroheum Theatre
1
i
' from canenea
W. A. Julian, American consul at.
Cananea, and his family; C. M. Wis.,
! wall and W. Denton formed a party
j of Cananea folks that were in the
ENTERTAINING PARENTS
V. G. Giltnore. former county attor
ney, is entertaining his parents, A. G.
Gilmore and wife of St. Mary, Ohio, at
his home in Tombstone. The party
has just returned from a trip to the
state fair at Phoenix. Mr. Gilmore
WILL BE DEPORTED
THE
XL
PICK
07 THE WORLD IN PHOTOPLAYS
Expert paper banger ana painter. C i rn,jm ani,h
J. Brandt. Phone 456. Box 150. 580 James Hunt was in the city yester
day from his ran nil in tho vicnnifv nf
. . , , . :, 'the Sierra Madres. He reports cattle : citv lasPevening and were registered expects to bring his parents to the
Keguiar mesaay n.fcui . : in UjBt aa.Deine in eood con. at the Copper Queen hotel. Warren District to see the sights be-
dition. He will return home todav. i
FROM TOMBSTONE
Harry Bradt drove over yesterday af-
TRIANGLE FILM CORPORATION PRESENTS
Her. Excellency, The Governor-
be resumed at Graves' Dancing Acad
emy, Brophy Hall, Lowell, commenc-l
ing. November 20. Invitations may he ...... riTV
obtained from committee or at door.! "Vt . ? C,,7Y, ,
Instructions given daily. Adv-204! Jotmannd wife left jester-
day for Kansas Ctty, Mo., where they
; wm remain ror several weeks on a
j visit to Mr. Totnmn.'s parents.
fore they return lj their home in the
eas;.
PRIVATE SANITARIUM.
Call Black 573 for terms, etc.
Advertisement-974
.WITH.
I
Wilfred Lucas and Elda Miller
Produced Under the Supervision of Allan Divan
A woman occupies the governor's chair for just two minutes, but she 1
put through more legislation in these two minutes than did the
governor ia a year.
ALSO AN ALL-STAR TRIANGLE COMEDY
ADMISSION 10 AND , 15 CENTS
SOLDIERS AND SAILORS
ThA rplativps and friends of all sol
diers and sailors from the Warren Dis-! ness befre tne superior Court.
HAS REURNED '
Attorney Fred Sutter has returned
from Tombstone where he was on busi-
He
trict are requested to send the names
' and addresses to Mrs. R. B. Callison, P.
O. Box 3672 Lowell. Fhone Red 522.
! We wish Vo reach them all on Thanks- i
, giving and Christmas day. WARREN
. DISTRICT SOLDIERS' COMFORT AS-:
' SOCIATION. Adv-213
spent a day in Willcox before going to
the county seat.
Y. W. C.
Phone 414.
A. Employment
Bureau.
Adv-249
KINGDON EXPECTED
George Kingdon, general manager of
the 'United Verde Extension Mining
company, is expected to arrive in Bis
bee in the next few days for a conference.
L. L. Gilman sells the New Edison.
"the phonograph with a soul."
Business locals
It will pay you to nave os ciieck the
electrical system on your car. Lob-
can Wright, LowelL Adv.-360 j
THE PIE SHOP.
(Opposite Masonic Temple.)
On Wednesdays (wheatless days)
try our corn bread and Fridays' (meat
less days) oyster patties. At any and
all times, see us for home made cooked
pastries. Adv-83
f
I?
!
AWARDED DIVORCE '
Mrs. Sadie Brown was granted a de
cree of divorce in Phoenix a few day?
; ago from Floyd Brown on the grounds
MADAM CAGNEY of non support. The couple were mar-
Reads your destiny. Call before "ted in this city in 1913.
making changes or new investments.
In a tent across from Central Theatre. ; HAVE RETURNED
"Adv-47, ; Mrs George Keljgg and M. Kellogg
', have returned from Tombstone where
When you need a plumber call Main-. 'hey 8Pent several days on a visit to
land & Williams, Phone 302. Shop in j Mrs- Kellogg's sister, Miss Viva Vill
rear of Orpheum. Adv-135 j man. the stenographer in the sheriff's
j office.
i i '
! AWARDED CONTRACT
Supervisor jack Sparks of Douglas
ternoon from Tombstone and will re
main here for a few days. He has just
returned from a trip to New Mexico,
where he took his family for a visit to
relatives.
LETS CONTRACT
The Warren Basin Copper Mining
company has closed a contract with
J. P. Esparcia, lately of the Hill Top
Mining company, to continue sinking
NEW MEXICO OIIIUI. iui uiuiu uu mtn iu i
,,. , o. . a .! t k the Warren Mining district. Work to!
.1. oicnait aiiu ntic VI 1U1IILT
stone were in the city yesterday on
their way to New Mexico where they
expect to visit for several days. They
be commenced not later than Novem
ber 24. They expect to strike the
same or body at a lower depth, where
were accompanied by Leo "Red- Bar-! thPT have taken out about 100 ,ons ot
clay, wh'j is going to Hurley, where he
expects to locate.
MARRIED IN PHOENIX
George T. Frank of this city and
good milling ore.
PLEADS GUILTY
R. A. Clampitt. formerly assistant
postmaster of this city, yesterday en-
Miss Saa Margarite Campbell of lerea a P,ea 01 Rulll 10 emoezzjemeni
Chicago were married in Phoenix last! In the federal court at Tucson and will
Thursday by Rev. W. S. Buchanan.! be sentenced later. At the time that
pastor of the First Christian church.ihe was brought into court he an
The couple will make their future! 8 wered to nis name as read ln the ,n
home in this olstrict. j dictment and then enteral a plea of
j guilty. He made no explanation what-
i ' . " ' . Vw
REPAIRING LINE
Harry Evans, manager of the Tomb
stone Branch Vf the Mountain States
Telephone and Telegraph company
was in the ci'.y for a short time yester
day. He came in along the line to re
pair some trouble on the long distance
toll lines.
ever. He may at the time that sen
tence is pronounced make some state
ment but so far he had said nothing
further than that he stated at the
time of his arrest In this city.
iinieaire
HAVE TAKEN STAGE OFF
The Cochise Motor company
PROGRESSING RAPIDLY
The vork of grading on the other
; side of the Government Draw Ls pro
gressing rapidly and the grade work
Dr. George Barthelme.
Dr. George Barthelme, former
Washington correspondent of the
Cologne Gazette, haa teen iriven his
passports and is now on his way from
Wichita, Kansas, to an Atlantic port,
.where he wiil shortly take pasag on
a Scandinavian liner for Germany.
i via Stockholm. Dr. Baruieime nas
been under surveillance for some
! months and his deportation ia in line
with the policy cf the government to
rid the country of all German spies
and propagandists.
have : has been completed into the Narrows
discontinued running their stage to; and for about k huudred yards beyond.
lias been awarded the contract for the! TomDstone and parties desiring to go The brush clearing gang has the brush
Better put that flue in belore it gets
of
PROGRAM CHANGES DAILY
Continuous From 1 to 10 P.
M.
cold.
Call Mainland & Williams,
phone 302. Shop rear Orpheum. All !
kinds t sheet metal work. Adv-136
j to the county seat now travel by the j cleared tv a point on the road around
i Rockhill Line, which leaves from the . the big bill. The dip in the Draw will
and i soon be completed. ! The concrete
R. R. WATCH INSPECTORS
Prompt repairing, careful workman
ihip, courteous treatment. Lowell
Jewelry Slrtp. Adv. 886
Bisbee Auto's gaiage at 1
1:30 p. m. daily.
a. m.
When your tooth aches, see a den
tist When your battery is ailing, see I
battery experts. Willard Service Sta-
Mon, Ltowell. Adv.-360 1
FROM TOMBSTONE
County Attorney John F.
County Stenographer Bluemthal were j u now
in the city yesterday again on business miles of Tombstone.
connected with the Embree trial that i
is to come before the superior court at f MARRIED IN EL PASO
Tucson on iriuay. .Mrs. Koss accom
panied them and while the men folks
were "busy she did a little shopping.
completed.
I work is now setting. The road on the
I other side has not been surfaced but
! this work will soon be started accord-
Ross and I ing to present plans. The grade work
completed within about six
Alleged Crotian
Clan Leader Is
Held for Murder
PHAM IF
1 1 e i 11 l. 11 i i 1 1 ri
ROCKHILL'S STAGE.
Bisbee-Tombstone, Leaves Bisbee
Bisbee Auto Co.,7 a. m., 1:30 p. m. 7
passenger cars. " Careful drivers,
! Phone, Bisbee 5. Adv
GAVE $1,000,003
The New York Times which arrived
j in Bisbee yesterday gives an account
of the Y. M. C. A. work for funds in
JUL
By the Sea
N
Mutual Weekly, m
wsof the
' Dr. Playfalr, Osteopath, 98 Masbn
1111. Mason car stop. Phone Blue 647.
dv. 231
ORIGINAL BISBEE-TOMBSTONE
Stage Line.
The original Tombstone stage leaves
dally at 7 a. m. and 1:30 p. m. from
! Cochise Motor Co., Phone 444. Leaves
punctually on time daily. Night tele
phone, Green 368. ' S7R
(Advertisement)
If you need a tinner call Mainland &
Williams. Phone 302. ShoD in rear Of
H i Orpheum. Adv.-134
w
did
(By Review Leaded Wire.)
VIRGINIA, Minn., Nov. SO. Xk-k
Mazar and Matt Ivankovich of Ev
eleth, Minn., are held by the police
in connection with the death of Mr.
anH Mrs. Paul Alar and Peter Tre-
niih hprA tacit vnk
Delbert B. Wiley, who is employed; Evidence found Sn an Evejettl
in the purchasing department of the; boar(linj, nouse where Mazar lived
Calumet & Arizona of flee at Warren, I inu tJ him ag one M lhe
and Miss Florence Galbraith. who haSjln Crotian cian feudf according
been employed in the same offices fori ,0 ,ne polce ,ho are worhing ou
the last few months, stole a march on the theory lhat the Ala Bnd Tre.
their many friends and slipped awayl . . kil, d becan8e of loyalty
that city, and states that among the!to a Paso and were niarried oa Mon- to the cause of tie United States.
oeaviesi aonaiors to the rund were
Arthur Curtis James and Cleveland H.
Dodge, who each gave J500.000 to the.
Y. M. C. A. work
day. Mrs. Wiley did not return nere, crrptarT of the Treasury William
jbut continued on to Huntington, Pa..iG McAdoo sent this message to Gov
iher former home, where she will re-!OP j A Burnuuist todav:
1 main for some time. Mr. Wiley ls a ., ,arnestlv hone that every effort
sterling young man and has hosts of win be made t0 apprehend the people
friends in the district who wish him who murdered Mr. and Mrs. Paul Alar
well in his married life. He expects and pPter Trepich. whom the papers
r soon to enter the service of the United ; fppoj-t as havipg been killed because
A. in, o . . I T & .-111 VaM.! .. . . . . . 1 : 1
cuiLca Biuij. iia w hi icuwiu w i mey DOUgni uoeny uoiius, wirru n.
I until called.
McAdoo. "This is a peculiarly infa
mous and wanton crime and I desire
to assure you of the fullest possible
of this department in
GET IT
What you pay lor. Lowell Paint
. Shnn Plinno 701. Ror 3994. Lowell.
I Cn Hcfastt inn n,r noH Artv-502 ar6 accepted.
1 ted by 11 o'clock on the morning of
WILL BOWL IN BISBEE
The highest twelve men
week's bowling at the Y. M.
Douglas will come to llisbee next Sat
urday night to bowl the first of the!
series in the monthly bowling matches!
hPtw-pn the t,n rii T- ma,hJ P' county is building an addition
n v i..ij . it . I to its Jail in Tucson at a cost of $40.-i co-operation
1 000. j every measure you may take.
ARCHITECTS, ATTENTION . j
The board of supervisors of this
county have an advertisement in this
issue for plans for remodeling the
Hisbee and Lowell jails. A premium
is offered to the architect whose plans
Plans must be submit-
The Last Episode of The Secret Kingdom
ieien Holmes in T lie Railroad Raiders
Chapter Ten Two Acts
MADAM J. REA KEYS
At the St Regis Hotel,
j Room 10. Lowell, Arizona.
PHRENOLOGIST & ASTROLOGlST
The greatest living spiritually ' or
idalned medium and crystal reader.
Without asking questions I will read
' your entire life. If you dobut my abl-
Reserved Seats 20c
Lower Floor 10c.
Balcony 5c
December 3 at Tombstone. i
HAVE RETURNED '
Frank Thomas, city police judge,
wife and son. have returned from their
trip. They drove first to Globe where
they visited with Hinton Thomas, and
family. Frank's father. After spend-;
lty, call and I will give you positive " aDUUl -t-n ua-vs ,n,,re l"e u"-vo
j evidence ln your own life. 1 am not to crols 10 rnuenix aim uie aau Kiver
be compared with fortune tellers and va"py " ln ln state tair.
' such like. Impostors who prey up n j Fran 8ay8 thal they had a most enjoy
Uhe public with their unprincipli d I abIe triP anJ tnat he s now again;
I methods. Engagement hours daily I readv t0 beein his duties.
and Sunday, 8 a. in. to 8 p. m.
Advertisement 208 1 ut5 ' rHRrll't
I L. J. Owen who for several years
VOICE TEACHER. i has been manager of the store of the
Mrs. Mary M. Welch, teacher of i Phelps Dodge Mercantile company at
j voice, pupil of Signor Rondinella, de I Morencl is In receipt of a cable from
Carnpl and others. Studio Room 7. ;J. S. Douglas asking that he Join the
Maze building. Mondays and Thurs-1 Red Cross work in France, and he has
days. 2 to 6 o'clock. Adv-285 I announced that he would go in re-
The Montague
LIGHT OPERA SINGERS ,
THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 22ND
High School Auditorium
8:15 P.M.
Course Tickets, 5 Entertainments $2.50
Single Admission 75
Tickets on Sale at All Drug Stores Second Number of
WARREN DISTRICT LYCEUM COURSE
GALLED FOR AND
DELIVERED
ye Wofe
Opposite Y.W.C.A.
PHONE 739