MARKETS
WEATHER
NEW YORK CITY
Average prive of cop
per for week ending
May 30, 28.35.
Arizona Sunday and
M'onday (Air; probably
cooler west portion on
Monday.
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service.
j
VOL. 20. NO. 8.
BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JUNE 17, 1917.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
AMI U
csrrss
V
mvsm
i-Ubtl nth
r bin
mM
AUSTINS
PEACE PLAN
S REJECTE
Russian Soldiers And Work
men's Delegates Adopt Pro
clamation Irrevocably Op
posed To Ending War.
(By Review Leased Wire).
. ETROGRAD, June 16 (Via Lon
don). A stirring proclamation
placing the council of workmen
and soldiers delegates on record
as irrevocably opposed to a separate
peace was adopted by the 'council to
day. The proclamation was prompted
by Austrian efforts to lure Russia into
a spparate peace.
Peace Plot Bared.
P ETROGRAD, June 16 (Via Lon
don). Fresh attempts on the -part of;
the Germans to conclude peace with j
Russia have been exposed, with the re- j
suit that the expulsion from Russia ,
has been ordered of a prominent So-i
cialist 'internationalist, a citizen of :
Switzerland, Robert Grimm. j
Two days ago the provisional gov
ernment received from a reliable I
source a copy of a dispatch addressed
by Hoffmann, a member of the Swiss I
federal council, to Grimm. Apart from j
the separate peace offer contained in .
the. dispatch Hoffmann reported that j
Germany and her allies were ready to ;
begin, general and immediate peace 1
negotiations if Russia's Allies were,'
willing..' ' .
The provisional government appa
rently was informed that this dispatch
had been handed to Grimm by the .
Swiss minister at Petrograd. The
government requested the Socialist j
member of the cabinet, M. Tseretelli, j
and, M. Sfcobeleff, to demand explan
auons trom unmm, wno was ineir cui-1
league, inasmuch as though a foreign-!
er he was beginning to play a promt-1
ations rrom unmm, wno was weir coi-1
nent role in PetiVgrad as the mouth
piece of the internationalist paMficist l
propaganda. An official statement issued today j
declares Grimm denied to the cabinet
members that the Swiss minister had
transmitted to him such a dispatch,
denouncing the whole affair as a .
clumsy German maneuver. Grimm !
added that when at Berne and Stock
holm he had refused to enter into any
such negotiations and that as a So
cialist he refused tt let himself be
made the instrument of imperialist
plans.
The two Russian ministers reported
to the cabinet that Grimm's explana-;
tion was unsatisfactory. Whereupon
an immediate expulsion oraer was is-.
sued. 1
1 A. INVESTMENT CO.
RULING IS AFFIRMED. ,
. i
(By Review Leased Wire).
SAN FRANCISCO. June 16. The
United States circuit court of appeals !
today handed down a decision affirm-!
lng the conviction of Charles A. Elder,
W. D. Deebles and George M. Derby j
of the Los Angeles Investment Com
a i.w ,a
poujr. yicic luuuu hum, ,
lower courtof using the mails to de-
fraud. i
(By Review Leased Wire.)
WASHINGTON, June 16. Congress'
delay in. passing the administrations' :
food bills drew from Presdient Wil-'
urn tndav an nrder directing Herbert
unn cd c nnncDcn m ctadt
IIUUILII IU UIIULIILU iu uinui
VOLUNTARY FOOD LEGISLATION
C. Hoover to proceed immediately Wilaon Insistent. ; has taken action similar to Great Brit- about 1.000, while between 3.000 and . British "Tommies" at the entrance to ! dred million dollar Red Cross wa The following persons will be in
with organization of the new food President Wilson's insistence that ain in refusing to associate herself . 4.000 poeple reside In the Ojai valley, ! their underground dining room and fund. The campaign will start tomor-1 charge of the campaign in the War
administration insofar as it contem- the food bills be passed upon caused , with the American action in asking which is about five miles long. The their demand of surrender, and made;dow, and a personal canvass will be ; ren District: Arthur Notman. chair
plates food conservation and elimln- the senate today to put the food con- the rival factions in China to compose flames thus far have been confined for rifles and pistols. A hand gre- made by twenty teams or Ave men man of the local chapter of the Red
ation of waste through the co-operation , trol bill next on the calendar and the 'their difficulties, it was said today at principally to the lower valley' of nade tossed among them closed the in-! each. j Cross: Jese Yoakum, campaign
of volunteer forces. measure will be taken up Monday , the state depatment. Nj reason was which Ojai is about the center. The cident. Later in the day the Germans Every member of the teams will manager; A. B. Richardson, assist-
"While It would in many ways be when the house also begins upon the given for the action or either nation, entrance to the town, which is abont were seen assembling for a counter at-! be a prominent citizen ot the district ant manager,
desirable to await complete legisla-1 bill. The measuie was reported to but it is assumed that neither Telt that fifteen miles north of Ventura, is tack. j and will devote his or her entire time Team No. l.J. M. Ross, chairman,
tion establishing the food administrv ; the senate today without recommenda-j the American action would be success- through two mountain passes one! The British waited until they had toward raising the money. The cam- J. E. Curry, T. A. Hughes, M. E. Cas
tion," the president said, "it appears tion. ful. 'leading from Ventura, on the coast . assembled in large numbers and then . paten will last seven days, and the sidy. Henry Toppen.
to me that so far as volunteer effort; "It seems to me that the lnaugura-, Japan is known to resent that the and the other from Santa Paula. j turned a torrent ot artillery fire upon ; entire apportionment is expected to. Team No. J. J. C. Ryan, chairman,
can be assembled we should wait no tion of that portion of the plan for United States sent its note to China. There nre n number of large orange trm. inflicting heavy losses. It was be raised by the 2Sth of this month. ' rthur Hou'.e. J. E. Brophy. chair
longer." food administration which contem- feeling that it disregarded the special and walnut orchards In the valley ! rot until Fridny morning that the Ger- The various teams will report the Marks. P.D.Wilson.
Plans for enlisting every housewife plates a national mobilization of the position Japan claims for herself there. ; Ojai for a number of years has been mins aMemnted another counter at-, progress or the campaign every noon Tcnm No. 3 C. A. McDonald, cbair
ln the country as a volunteer member j great voluntary forces of We country Tne wj,ole question, what little Is be- the Frene of annual tennis tourna- tack. And then they succeeded only io Red Cross headquarters, whMi have man. Walter Hubbard. Jack McGregor,
of the food administration have been which are ready to work towards sav-, i, divuleed bv the state department, ments. In which some or the most n ttklng a smx'.l outpost which bad , been established at the Y. M. C. A. A ! W. H. Brophy, L. L. Gilman.
announced by Mr. Hoover, who plans j
to reach the women through state de-1
trA
I Prosperi
! Promise to Greece
Any Reprisal To Hellenes, To
Whatever Party They Be-;
long, Will Be Pitilessly Re
pressed, Pledge Given. j
(By Review Leased Wire).
ATHENS, June 16 (Via Lon
don). M. Jonnart, the high com
missioner representing France,
Great Britain and Russia, who re
cently brought about the abdica-'
tion of King Constantine, has pub
lished the following proclamation
addressed to the Hellenes:
"Great Britain, France and Rus
sia desired the independence,
greatness and prosperity of Greece
Tbey intend to defend the brave
little land they have liberated
against the united efforts of the
Turks, Bulgarians and Germans.
They are here to checkmate the
maneuvers of the hereditary en
emies of the kingdom. They will
put an end to the repeated vio
lations of the constitution, of
treaties, and the deplorable in
trigues which led up. to the massa
cres of k'jldiera of the entente.
"Hellenes! the hour of reconcil
iation has arrived. Your destinies
are closely associated with those
of the protecting powers, your
ideals are the same as theirs, your
hopes are identical. We appeal to
your good sense and patriotism.
"Today the blockade is raised.
Any reprisal against Greeks, to
whatever party tbey belong, will
be pitilessly repressed. The lib
erty and prosperity of every one
will be safeguarded.
"This is a new era of peace and
liberty which is opening before
you. Know that, respectful of the
national sovereignty, the protect
ing . powers have no intention of
forcing upon the Greek pt'jple
general mobilization.
"Long live Greece, united and
free:"
w 11
QgrO IS LitflClCu
.
Rlf Ohlnhnmn Mnh
I
(By Review Leased Wire.) J
OKLAHOMA CITY, Okla.. June 16. i
Henry Conly. a negro, was lynched
by a mob of 1,000 men and women
near Holdenville, Okla., late today.
after, it is said, he had been positive-
ly identified by Mrs. Jesse L. Burford
w
ife of a well to do farmer, as the
man who had assaulted her one week
ago today. ,,,
w"s laKeu ,lu
Df Randolph, where he was captured
by a posse which had searched for
him almost continuously for a week.
The officers guarding Conly were '
over - powered and the negro was
turned over to a party of men and !
boys who hurried him to the Burford
home, where Mrs. Burford identified
him.
BELGIAN MISSION TO
U. S. ARRIVES SAFELY
(By Review Leaned Wire).
AN ATLANTIC PORT. June 16.
Re1crfnmA rtffipinl misftinn tn the. TTnit-
c
ed States arrived in the country to -
day.
fense councils and through various
women's organizations. Every woman
will be taught to save food in the
kitchen and how to purchase for her J
family
Independeri
(Continued on Page Two)
ill S. IB KEEP
LOAN will
2 BILLIONS
Huge Over-subscription To
Liberty Bonds Will Be Cut
. Down To Original Amount !
Asked, Declares McAdoo. !
(By Review Leased Wire.) '
WiSHIVfiTflV June Ifi. Secretary '
McAdoo announced tonight that no
(part of the great over subscription to
! the Liberty Loan would be accepted on
j the current notation. He said the
'present issue would be limited to $ 2.-
000.000.000 as previously announced.
Mr. McAdoo's announcement will
j result in paring down hundreds of the
, larger subschiptions until the total
i reaches the $2,000,000,000 limit. How
imucn will have to be taken irom tne
! atnniint tl.A .mintrv f9f 'A,ail tt fair A
, was still an unknown quantity tonight. :
, The over-subscription will not fall be- j
low iUU.ui'ii.uou 11 seeinea certain, ana
may go as high as $900,000,000.
McAdoo's Statement
j Mr. McAdoo issued the following
1 statement:
I "Allotments of Liberty Bonds will
not be made in excess of the two bil-
I on May 10, when the details of the'
! loan was first published,
i "I have aske dthe reserve banks to
, tabulate separately, and on supple
' mentary lists, the subscriptions re
ceived yesterday, June 15, after noon
' in Srder that I may be in a position to
' win. j i . . , ,
, two billion dollars of bonds, those ap-
f ., ., ., . ,. . ' , '
i piicaiiuiis wiiicn, luruimu no lauu 01
j the subscriber, were not recorded on
j time.
"It is impossible to foretell what
I decision will be reached in the mat-
lZZ 'LtT" '1 ?":
substantially definite returns have ',
been received from the several feder-1
' al reserve banks. The organizations
. K,,D '
,h have' been overwhelmed bv
1 1
at the last moment.
"I shall avail myself of the right
reserved in the circular offering the
h . . . . ... , !
6mal,;r amounts of bonds and to re.
duce allotments on applications for i
1 arger amounts, as such action will be
Thanks The Press ;
Mr. McAdoo today acknowledged
with appreciation the work of the
1 iorces 01 puoucny wmcn aiuea in ine
flotation of the loan.
"The Liberty Loan campaign,' he
said, "was essentially one of education
and without the generous and patriotic
support of the press of the nation. the
hope of those in charge that it would ; California mountain regions were 4Q(,nrl4Tpn PRFoo porres
be a ponular loan would not have been threatening the destruction of two THL ASSOCIATED PRESS CORRES
realized. The untiring efforts of the ; towns- ial and Carpinteria, and al-: PONDENT.) The war's latest devel
newspapers throuehout the campaign read5r had done extensive . property opment j8 a two minute battle.
were a constant inspiration to the var-; damaee- " it took the British just that long
Iniw nther rmnnii nf wnrkero ! Many costly ranch houses and coun- , -
K?iuXZnwce was at try estates, some owned by wealthy to capture three-quarters of a mole of
ai a nine wnen news spate was ai . -, Hui nst of
, nremium
'1' " '
the Liberty Loan was '
featured at length. The foreign lan-:
I guage presses in thirtv languages gave '
j daily proof of the undoubted loyalty of,
ueonles of foreign hirth.
i "T .h.it mo r-,f.,i ,v.
liweB if thi. .rknmrieement u fiw.
en wide publicity " 1
'
Japan and England
Are Not With U. S.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
WASHINGTON, June 17. Japan :
! seems to have arisen rrom a series or ;
misunderstandings.
YOUNGEST DEMOCRACY HEADY 10
CONTINUE WAR 01 MILITARISM
"We Two Peoples, Russia Fighting Tyranny And America!
Standing As The Oldest Democracy, Hand In Hand Will
Shew The Way of Happiness To Nations Great And,
Small," Declares Foreign Minister of New Republic In;
Reply To Root's Address. j
(By Review Leased Wire.) j
PETROGRAD, via London, June 16. "The Russian peo-;
pie consider war inevitable and will continue it. The Rus-;
L vr l .1 . !
sians nave no lmDenausuc
J have none. We shall fight together to secure liberty, freedom
an(j haopiness for all the world. I am happy to say that I do:
j ' i j e . i . a i r i
not see anV moral idea or ractor between American and Kus-4
j sia to divide us. We two peoples Russia fighting tyranny,!
anj America standing as the oldest democracy hand in hand
; -11 1 .1 r 1 . . 1 11
, sw the way of happiness to nations great and small. j
i l hese ringing words, expressing the attitude ot the tus-
sian government toward America and the American mission!
111 1 ri:U.. D
, : iicaucu uy ivuui, yvcic
tenko, minister of foreign affairs, responding for the council
of ministers to Mr. Root's address of sympathy and good will
on the part of the American
Root Delivers Message of U. S to Russia
0
The American ambassador, David R.
Francis, presented the Root mission
! to the ministers in Marinsky palace.
explaining that the members of the
mission had come to Russia to discov
er how America could best co-operate
with its allies in the fight against the
common enemy.' Tht presentation was
very informal, only a few Russian of-
fic'als and the members cf the Ameri-
can embassy attending. M. Kerensky
the youthful minister of war just back
- . .. .. ;. .,
from one front, wore the khaki blouse
I of a common soldier,
j The ministers listened with rapt at
j tention to Mr. Root's address, which
! was an impressive utterance both in
! aithaf onit. o nil mnnnAp
Mr. Root spoke as follows:
"Mr. President and members of the
council cf ministers: ' '
"The mission' for which I have the
honor to speak is charged by the gov-
ernment of tne ot the United
2 CALIFORNIA TOWNS I
THREATENED BY FIRE!
j
I lUnofCUS OI r CUPW f lee r rem
Homes In Mountain Re-;
giors As' Flames Sweep;
Down Wooded Valleys. j
(By Reviov Leased Wire.)
LOS ANGELES. June 16. Two for:!
est fires raging tonight in Southern'
easterners were reponen aesiroyea.
Hundreds or people nad Deen torcea
io flee from their homes and hun-
dreds of men were fighting valiently in
temperatures 01 more man iuu ae-,
grees to gain control of the names
Numerous minor injuries had been
rpPrted but no deaths had been re-,
corded.
At 10:30 o'clock tonight telephone
advices from Ventura, fifteen miles
south of Ojai, were to t.'ie effect that
all communication with Ojai had been
rut off and it was believed the town
was burning. ,
1 Several hundred, people were res-
: cued bv automobile parties sent in by
i way of Santa Paula
The population of Ojai
itself Is
prominent players in the country have :
participated.
COMMISSION IS TOLD
wisnes. we Know mat you;
J :L I M T L
vuu.cu lumiii uy m. 1 crcsLU-
government
tlie government and people of Russia. .
The mibsion comes from a democratic '
republic. Its members are commis-!
sioned and instructed by a president :
who holds his high office as cnlet ex-.
ecutive of mprehan 100,000,000 peo-'
pie by virtue of popular election, in
which more than eighteen million
votes were freely cast and fairly '.
j counted pursuant to law, by universal,
equal, direct, and secret suffrage.
Glad For Russia.
"For one hundred and forty years
our people have been struggling with j
the hard problem of self government.
With many shortcomings, many mis
takes, many imperfections, we still
have maintained order and respect for
law, individual freedom and national
independence.
"Under the security of our own
laws we have grown In strength and
prosperity. But we value our freedom
(Contlnued on Page -Two)
BRITISH WIN LIVELY
TWO-MINUTE BATTLE
" " '
Irenches captured In Re
markably Short Time ;
Counter Attack Repulsed.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
BRITISH
HEADQUARTERS
IN
icp.y
irnumni .
Conchy le Freux, rnursaay morning.
The tIme for -going over the top" was I
fop t 7;27 rocketg br
nailed the fact all along the line at-
tacked that the objectives had been
taken.
The British stole out of their trench-,
es in broad day light without a single;
shot of artillery preparation having
been fired, rushed across No Man's ;
Lnd. surprised the German garrison ,
at breakfast, and tookj three officers j
and 17s other prisoners without the!
slifrbtest effort.
One party of German officers
at i
' breakfast in a dugout refused to take
seriously the sudden appearance of the
been established In rront or the newly I
i won positions.
Chinese Provinces
! Getting Ready for
! Any Eventualities
Six Southern Districts Appeal,
To Allies And America Naif
To Lend Funds Or Support
Northern Rebels.
(By Review Leased Wire I
NEW YORK, June 16. A cable
gram foreshadowing extensive mil
itary operations by six of the Chi
nese southern provinces against
the government was received here
today by the Chinese Nationalist
League of New York, from its
headquarters in Canton.
It claims to represent the six
provinces politically to favor
China's entry into the war on the
entente side. Southern troops al
ready are marching on Wu-Chang,
according to the message.
The message reads:
"The six Chinese provinces of
Kwang-Tung, Kwang-Si, Kwel
Chow, Yunnan, Hunan and Hze
Chuen, have co-ordinated their
rebellion in Peking, and it is now
certain that unless that rebellion
is brought under control extensive
military operations will ensue.
"Armies organized in all these
provinces have sent emissaries I'o
Canton, who have settled on Gen-
fraLu Yns-Tin
leader of last years Yunnan re-
bellion, which deposed President
Yuan Shi Kai, as the leader
against the armies of the north.
"Southern troops are already
marching toward Wu-Chang. - At
a mass meeting of the citizens of
Canton immediate 'mobilization
and an increase of taxes for mili
tary funds were decided up.n anj
will shortly be passed by the pro
vincial assembly and promulgated
by the governor. General Chan
Ping-Kwan.
"All of the southern leaders now
gathered in Can toni represent fac
tions in liberal China and assert
they have united solely to pre
serve constitutional government
under the government. They have
issued an appeal to the allied gov
ernments and to America not V'J
loan money or support the north
ern rebels and to refrain from in
tervention in China's struggle
against "reactionary Prussianism."
All Butte Mines
Continue to Work
(By Review Leasea Wire)
BUTTE. Mont.. Jin 16. Sixteen
hundred miners, it was announced to
day, are members of the metal mine
workers' union which is about a week
old. The unions' speakers at an open
air meeting attended by more than 3,
000 miners; appealed to the miners to
keep away from the union.
No disturbances were reported to
the police today, but several arrests ; country will permit, it was made
were made for distributing without a j known today. British consuls and re
license circulars issued by the union ' cruiting agents throughout the coun
attacking the local newspapers and 1 try are compiling lists of these men.
urging all miners to Join the union. j Brisdier General W. A. White, in
. The mining companies reported all ! "harge of the recruiting has gone to
the mines working but with reduced Washington to confer on methods to
forces. : carry the plan through.
IPAIGN FOB RED CROSS 11
FUND TO START HERE TOMORROW
Complete preparations have been
' made for the monster campaign which
will be made among the residents of
the Warren District, fo raise this dis-
trict'8 apportionment of the one hun-
dinner will be served the members of
the committees each evening during
WHOLESALE
i Annrnxn nr
ANARCHISTS
New York Police Start Round
Up of Anti-Draft Rioters;
Frequent Clashes Occur;
Reserves Attacked.
(By Review Leased Wire).
N'
EW YORK. June 16. With the ar
rest today of 30 anarchists and
the seizure of large quantities of
anti-conscription literature, ted-
i eral authorities believed they bad
j made material progress in their efforts
: to stamp out an active propaganda iu
this city against compliance with ihe
I selective draft.
j The first step in the roundup was
. the arrest yesterday of Emma G'j.d-
man and Alexander Berkman. who
i were held in $25,000 ball each today
j on charges ot conspiring to prevent
the enforcement of the conscription
act. They were uoabl to furnisn
! bonds and were still in the Tombs to
! niht.
! Anarchist friends and supporters of
t Miss Goldman and Berkman, who were
1 unceremoniously ejected from the fed-
eral building when they attempted to
1 deliver speeches to a crowd of cn
I lookers, played a prominent part in
! a serious clash between women rioter,
and the police soon after Miss Gold
man and Berkman had been taken
1 back to their cells,
j At'jut 500 women who marched from
, the east side U the city hall to present
; a petition to Mayor Mitchel protesting
; against the state military census, were
: returning to their uomes after being
told the mayor was not Is his office.
I when they were stampeded by anar
! chist agitators. The women then re
i formed their ranks and started a fer
' end march upon the city ball crying,
: "Down with the draft."
I As they approached city hall paik
i thpv rhnrppr the nnllrp reserve with
hatpins and fists. The' police were
forced back until additional reserves
were summoned. Several women and
some of the officers were injureu.
Three women were arrested.
One hundred and fifty young men
who were seized last night at anti
conscription meetings for failure to
register were released today on prom
ises to comply with the taw.
r
j May Force British
j Subjects to Fight
; (By Review Leased Wire)
NEW YORK, June 16. All male
British subjects between the ages of
IS and 45 years now in the United
States are to be compelled to join
the British colors if the laws of this
the seven days. This week will be
known as "Red Cross Week" all over
the country, and every chapter in the
nnt on will endeavor to raise its ap-
portionment during the week.
(Continued on Page Two), TWO
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JUNE 17, 1917.
QUEEN WINS FROM
JUHCTI0N-BR1GGS
IN SPEEDY CONTEST
RED GROSS CAMPAIGN
10 STARTJ0M0RR0W
(Continued From Page One)
HOOVER ORDERED TO
START FOOD CONTROL
(Continued from page one.1
Lefty
Harris Is Individual Star, Tpam No jP. M. Ruckwaiter.
At Warren Park Struggle i chairman. Ralph zeismer. j. p. con
Yesterday; Pittman Grabs ' noly' H- Bovee- w- A. Schwartz.
H.... (j I Team N'o. 5. Jim Henderson, chair-
ltting Honors. ;an A Br0WDi F. w. Kitter. a. t.
i Sowle. Fred Sutter.
Team No. 6. C. S. Thompson. chair-
One of the best exhibitions of base
ball playing .that was ever staged in
the Warren district, was the game
played between the Copper Queen
nine and the Junction-Briggs players.
Sam Kyle, Lee Jovanovich. i
Team No. 7 L. R. Bailey, chairman, '
, Leonard McWorthen. R. H. Cunning-1
The Copper Queen aggregation de- ' ' .' , . . , :
. i j 7 a n , : Team No. 5. L. J. Overlook, chair-:
cisively defeated the J-B flingers to . . . i
. o . i man. Sam Milunovich. James Allison, '
the tune of 9 to 1. , , . . .. . .
, ' Charles Cunningham, Baptiste Carret- j
The individual star of the game was to I
"Lefty" Harris, who pitched a fine, Tfam No 9.j0hn Angius. chair i
brand of ball for the Queen. He al- man j j Bowe. George Ludwig, B. i
lowed only one run during the entire u Smifn wiIIiara Truax.
game, and struck out eleven men. for; Team No 10.Dr. C. H. BowKer.l
which he received a $2.50 shirt from chairman , G. fe. Kellogg, Mead PoweM '
a Lowell haberdasher. j Ra8tug Hatiey E. w. Beddow. I
The Junction-Briggs sackers were Team No. 11. W. R. Snow, chsir-!
unable to stem the constant tide of man, Frank Homan. Harry Sealey, j
runs which the Queen boys were Father Dimetro Metrovich. j
handing out. Deardorff and Jueck Team No. 12. F. L. Williams, chair-
were the battery for the Junction- man, George Cobbe, E. E. Whitley, J '
Briggs until the seventh inning, after p. Williamson. O. P. Engelder. j
which Campbell and Wade relieved. Team No. 13.-4:apt. J. P. Hodgson.;
them for the remainder of the game, ; chairman. Doctor Ferguson, W. R. '
in a futile effort to stop the Queen, i Banks, Jesse Yoakum, Arthur Not '
Harris held down the mound for the man. j
Queen, with White on the receiving Team No. 14. H. C. Henry, to be
end. The Junction-Briggs nine wa3 supplied.
unable to score until the seventh in- Team No. 15. Dr. F. E. Shine, to be :
ning, when they made one run. From supplied.
that time on they were helpless be-, Team No. 16. Mrs. William Tonkin,
fore Harris' delivery. , chairman, Mrs. Edward Hartman, Mrs. !
. The hitting stars of the game were Arthur Notman. Mrs. John Scott. !
Pittman, who made four hits off of Team No. 17. Not selected yet.
four times at bat and Vache, who gave ! Team No. 18. Miss Esther Cun- !
good account of himself. The only ningham, chairman. Miss Gerald Sher-.
thing to mar the game was the bench-' man m-g. Charles Hawley, Mrs. N. C. '
ing of Umpire Harking who was Bledsoe. Frank Dave,
coaching on third base for fhe Queen. Team No. 19. F. E. Cummings,
He became abusive towards the nm-' chairman, Mrs. O. F. Dodds, Mrs.
pire. and was ordered out of the Frank Sinclair, Mrs. M. L. Butler,'
Kme- Mrs. E. M. Bailey.
Crowley and Bluejacket were the Team No. 20. Mrs. John E. Beven.
umpires during the slugfesL During chairman. Mrs. A. T. Hoy. Mrs. V. G.
the seventh inning, the Junction- Medlgovlch. Mrs. FrJ Juliff, Miss
Briggs team was going to refuse to Ethyl Boner.
continue, taking exception to a de- w. H. Brophv will act as treasurer
cision of Umpire Crowley's, but the for the campaign.
matter was patched up, and the game -
was resumed.
This afternoon, the C. & A. bunch LEAVES FOR COAST,
will face the Cole Tigers. The C. ft A. Mr. and Mrs. Bert Warner of Bis
boys have been working hard, and bee, left last evening for San Francis
have been bringing in new material, co and other points on the Pacific
and the game is expected to be a coast' Mrs. Warner will be absent
hot one. Evans will do the flinging from the Warren District until fall
for the Tigers, and Martin will pitch and Bert expects to remain on the
for the C. & A. nine. coast for at least six weeks.
ing food and eliminating waste ad
mits of no further delay.
"The approaching harvesting, the
immediate necessity for wise use and
saving not only in food but in all
other necessities of life and the many
undirected and overlapping efforts be
Ing made toward this end, all press
for national direction and inspiration
While it would in many ways be de
sirable to wait complete legislation
establishing the food administration,
it appears to me that so far as the
voluntary effort can be assembled, we
6hould not wait any longer, and there
fore, I would be very glad if you would
proceed in those directions at once.
Hoover Given Authority.
"The women of the nation are earn-
estly seeking to do their part in this.
our greatest struggle for the main
tenance of our national ideals and in
no direction can they so greatly assist
as by enlisting in the service of the
food administration and cheerfully ac
cepting its direction and advice. By
so doing, they will increase the sur
plus of food available for our own
army and for the export to the allies.
"To provide adequate supplies for
the coming year Is of absolutely vital
importance to the conduct of the war.
and without a very conscientious elim
ination of waste and very strict econ
omy in our food consumption, we can
not hope to fulfill this primary duty.
"I trust therefore, that the country
will not only respond to your appeal
and accept the pledge to the food ad
ministration which you are proposing,
but that all men also who are en
gaged in the personal distribution of
foods, will keep with the same earn
estness and in the same spirit
"I give you full authority to under
take any steps necessary for the prop
er organization and stimulation of
their efforts."
Colorado River is
Again On Rampage
(By Review Leased Wire).
NEEDLES, June 16. About thirty
five Mexican and negro families are
homeless here tonight on account of
having to move to higher ground to
escape the flood of the Colorado river.
The river tonight registered 13.8
feet at Needles, against 12.3 feet the
prvious record. -.Government surveys
report the river bed two feet higher
than last year.
f
You grt oat whit yri Tt'-
but w-hat com- out nor' mora
work than you do putting it in.
iMUt Ampan
I I ESJC.yi: r -T .
a
Liquid Lightning
Let Little Ampere take care of your battery, and you'll always
be able togetout of it the liquid lightning that gives bright lights,
snappy starting, and perfect ignition.
You can't take it out if you don't put something back.
You must leep it filled with water and in a fully charged condition. Aii
if you let us test it regularly, you will be sure that it's always fa'! of iiquii
lightning that has put the crank out of commission.
Come in lor your Willard Service Card. We hev a rental
batter? for your mm when your need a repair.
LOIIMAN & WRIGHT
Central Theatre BIdg. Lowell, Ariz.
i m 1 1 m i mi i ii i m i mm mtm
'Vi. -J-
1.J IK
RUSSIA AND AMERICA
TO FIGHT TOGETHER
AGAINSTMILITARISM
(Continued From Page One)
more than wealth. We love liberty
and we cherish above all our posses
sions the ideal for which our fathers
fought and suffered and sacrificed that
America might be free.
"The news of Russia's new found
freedom brought to America univer
sal satisfaction and joy. From all the
land sympathy and hope went out to
the new sister in the circle of democ
racies. And the mission is sent to
express that feeling.
"The American democracy sends to
the democracy of Russia a greeting
of sympathy, friendship, brotherhood.
Godspeed. Distant America knows lit
tle of the special conditions of Rus
sian life which must give form to the
government and laws which you are
about to create. As we have devel
oped our, institutions to serve the
needs of our national character and
life, so we assume that you will devel
op your institutions to serve the needs
of Russian character and life.
U. S. Believes In Russia.
"As we look across the sea we dis
tinguish no party, no class. We see
great Russia as a whole; as one
mighty, striving aspiring democracy.
We know the self control, essential
kindliness, strong common sense,
courage and noble idealism of the Rus
sian character.
"We have faith in you all. We pray
God's blessing upon you all. We be
lieve you will solve your problems,
that you will maintain your liberty
and that our two great nations will
march side by side in the triumphant
progress of democracy until the old
order everywhere has passed away and
the world is free.
"One fearful danger threatens the
liberty of both nations. The armed
CLEVELAND H. DODGE
GIVES ONE MILLION
TO RED CROSS FUNDS
Prominent New Yorker Sub
scribed Huge Amount To
Big Fund. Twenty Four
Like Subscriptions Are
Sought By Committee. I
Cleveland H. Dodse has promised to
contribute $1,000,000 to the $100,0m.-:
000 being raised by the Red Cro3S war
council for extraordinary relief work ,
in Europe on condition that twenty-,
four other individuals or corporations
each contribute a like sum, or more.
Mr. Dodge is the chairman of the fi
nance committee of the war council,
under yenry P. Davi.'on, of J. Pierpont
Morgan & Co., the general chairman.
The fact that Mr. Dodge was willing
to contribute $1.00t).0oo was made
known last week by Seward Prosser,
chairman of the executive committee
in New York.
"Mr. Dodge's gift is conditional,"
said Mr. Prosser yesterday, "but I am
confident as are we all, that tiie condi
tion will be fulfilled and that this will
bring us Mr. Dodge's $1,000,000 contri
bution. Mr. L'jdge believes that in or
der to raise as much as $100,000,000,
it will be necessary to obtain $25,000,
000 in subscriptions of $1,000,000 or
more from each individual or corpora
tion. The committee feels that such a
gift as this at the very beginning of
the campaign from 'one individual goes
far toward assuring success in our
main object. We feel warranted,
therefore, in regarding this conditoinal
offer as in reality a million-dollar con
tribution. On Tuesday at 1 o'clock we
shall have all of our team captains to
gether for luncheon at the Cankers'
club l'jr instruction in their next
week's work. The campaign opens on
Monday, June 18, and runs through
Now is the time to buy a
BEACH LOT
$350
$1.00 Down
$1.00 Per Week
10 Oft on Excess Payments
No Interest No Taxes.
Seashore Colony Tract Newport A
Ueach.
25 choice sand lots; former price,
$500. Gas, water and electricity at
hand. Electric cars through tract;
ste-is on tract. A bona fide op
poi ity to double your money
nuiwy.
C L. Lancaster, Owner
603 Central BIdg., Los Angeles
Or Newport Beach, Cat
: y-v catarrh:;
! ;( JSSfa Esliersilii ;I
i :VivlnDnv 24. Hours-:
! y Ich Cap- f
! . n,e ,he IMIOYI C
, 'eMtaaa name- y 4
Betaare efeaauUrfeua '
Red Cross week. We have several oth-
forces of a military autocracy are at er gifts in sight that will rank along-
the gates of Russia and the allies. The
triumph of German arms will mean
the death of liberty in Russia. . No
enemy is at the gates of America, but
America has come to realize that "the
triumph of German arms means the
death pf liberty in the world; that we
who love liberty and !wouId keep it
must fight for it and fight for it now
side Mr. Dodge's."
The war council of the Red Cross,
with Mr. Davison as chairman, was
created by President Wilson on May
10. Some of the other members of
the cVmncil are former President Taft,
Edward N. Hurley, of Chicago, former
chairman of the Federal Trade com
mission; Cornelius N. Bliss, Jr.,
when the free democracies of the I Charles D. Norton, Grayson M. P. Mur
world may be strong in union and not phy and Eliot Wadsworth, of Boston,
delay until they may bo beaten sep- As explained by the president, crea
arately in succession. tion of the council was made necessary
America Will Fight I by the entrance of the United States
"So America sends another message intj the European war. In addition to
to Russia That we are going to fight the great expenditures entailed in
and have already begun to fight for j sending pnysk-ians and nurses to the
your freedom equally with our own.
and we. ask you to fight. for our free
dom equally with yours. We would
make your cause ours and our cause
yours, find, with a common purpose
and mutual helpfulness of a firm al
liance, make sure of victory over our
common foe.
"You will recognize your own senti
ments and purposes, in the words of
hospitals in Europe and to the battle
fronts, the council has been intrusted
with the task of aiding the stricken
people in the regions in France from
which the Germans have retreated.
"We expect in a few months to have
1,000.000 men in the field in Europe."
Mr. Davison explained, whn announc
ing toe work of the council. "We alsc
will have 150,00u men in the navy. All
Henderson will try and
please you,
atkins, he
helps too,
umber has gone up
a little as
sua! as other
things has,
ighty good
time to buy
efore things
get so high
ach month you put off
building that home you
un a risk of
having none
ome let us
talk to you,
Ison may offer some
suggestions too.
. PHONE 16
W
L
U
M
B
E
R
C
O
J.B.
ANGIUS
PURE
FOOD
GROCER
PHONE 29
EYE NRVfrQ LASSES
Permanently locate
Is Biabee, except
Mondays la DoacUs.
Room 1. Mu
Bull din.
DR. R. GLAZE, Newrolofllst. ,
Phons 15S. fi )
Residence Phons, Black 420..
O. K. LIVERY and ' , ;
UNDERTAKING CO.
Robert Henessey Prop.
Opposite Depot Ambulance
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Solicits Your .
Patronage
PHONE 58
CHICHESTER S PILlS
V. JVVJ b-'xn, lexed :Ih E
1M & (-4 Tako kr H
I ' - fif liri-. A-.-T.l
Jf IIUHOND f'iAJi
i"l ILLS. Co A
yean known .is Brt. 5 -f-st. Always Relial.
S0LDBYrWCfi!5T$El'FfiYWHERf
M. KEANE
High Class Tailor,
Air dome Theatre
Lowell, 1 - Arizona
President Wilson to the American , 'jf these Americans must have our
congress; when on the second of last j best. .To prepare acainst their need
April ic- advised a declaration of war j in advance is a stupendous task which
against Germany. 'He said: 'We arc j the Red Cross must undertake. Doc
accepting this challenge of hostile i tors, nurses, ambulances, vast quanti-
purpose tecause we know that in such . ties of hospital stores, linen, bandages.
BISBEE-DOUGLAS STAGE
WINTON SIX
Travel in luxury roomy, comfortable cars; careful, courteous drivers.
Leave Copper Queen Hotel, Bisbse and Gadsden Hotel Douglas on ths
hour commencing eight A. M. daily, via Lowell snd Warren. Arrange
ments may be made for private parties snd special trips.
MOTOR TRANSIT CO.
1
Phone, Bisbee 9S
a government (the German govern
ment) fallowing such methods, we can
be provided.
be provided.
When we ask our own
When we ask aur own
f hone. Douglas S4S
V PHIL6H00K APPOINTED
IEHBER OF BODY 10
REVISE SCHOOL LAWS
never have a friend; and that in the j sons and brothers to fight for our lib
presence of its organized power, al- j erty 3.000 miles from home, in a c'jun
ways lying in wait to accomplish we try already sorely afflicted, surely we
know not what purpose, there can be ) cannot do less than prepare 'to take
no assured security for the democratic ! care of them.'
governments of world. We are now
about to accept the gage of battle with
this natural foe to liberty, and shall
If necessar't apend the whole force
the nation to check and nullify its
pretensions and its power. We are j
glad, now, that we see' the facts with '
no veil of false pretense about them, j
to fight thus for the ultimate peace of j
the world and for the liberation of its
peoples, the German peoples included;
for the rights of nations, great and" ; Prof. C. F. Philbrook, superintend
small, and the privilege of men every- , ent of schools in the Warren District,
where to choose their way of life and : yesterday received a letter from
of obedience. 1 Covernor Thomas E. Campbell inform-
World Must Be Safe. ing him of his appointment as a mem-
" 'The world must be mado Bafe for ter of the commission to revise and
deniocrary. Its peace must be planteC ' compile school laws for the state of
upon the tested foundations of polit- ! Arizona.
At the last state b-gislatitre a bill,
(louse Bill No. 194, was passed au
thorizing the creation of a commis
sion of three to revise the school laws
of the slate. Professor Priibrook stat
ed lust niuht that he did not know
who the other two members of the
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
AND HIGH CLASS CAFE
The best of everything at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 60c luncheon daily. Also $ 1 .00 dinner from
5 : 30 to 7 : 30 p. m. Regular Board by the month, $40;
$10 by the week.
Henry Poppen, Manager. '',
L. J. OVERLOCK, BROKER
Correspondents: Paine, Weber or. Co.,
Boston, Duluth, Calumet.
Logan & Bryan, New York and Chicago.
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK.
ical liberty. We have no selfish endi'
to serve. We desire no conquest, nc
domination. We seek no indemnitief
for ourselves, no material compensa
tion for the sacrifices we shall freely
make. We are but one of the champ
ions of the rights of mankind. We
shall be satisfied when those right commission would he nor at what date
have been made as secure as the fai'h the commission would take up its du
!nd the freedom of nations tan make 'ties, but expressed the opinion that
them.'
. "And you will see the feeling loward
Ruscsia which America has entered
the conflict when President Wilson
further declared:
" 'Does not every American feel that
assurance has been added to our hope
for the future peace of the world by
the work of revising the laws would
probably start next fall.
U. S. SOLDIERS, SAILORS AND
, I. W. W. TAKE PART IN RIOT
Baggage and Transfer 9
Bisbee to Douglas
I am on the road hauling anything thers Is to bs kaulsd.
Leave Douglas, Arizona, at o'clock in the morning and leave
Bistiee at 2 o'clock In the afternoon. Leave orders at Victoria
Hotel, Phone 54.
NO TRIPS SUNDAY.
PRICES REASONABLE
B. T. McGINNISS.
(By Keview Leased Wire).
SKATTLK. Wash.. June lfi.-Sixty-
tho wonderful and heartening things , six members of the Industrial Workers
that have been happening within tin .of the World, three privates of the
ust few weeks in Russia. i American army and two seamen of
Partnership of Honor. , the American navy were arrested to-
'"The autocracy that crowned the night after an attempt on the part of
ummit of her political structure, long a number of soldiers and sailors to
as it had stood and terrible as was : gain an entrance to the Industrial
:he realty of its power, was not In Workers of the World headquarters.
fa;t Russian in origin, character or Private W. K. Miller was Ji it in the
purpose and now it has been shaken leg by a bullet tired from a window.
off and the great generous Russian
necple have been added, in all their ; that oldest of the great democracies.
naive majesty and mixlil. to the forces ; now seeks a fraternal union with the
that are fighting for freedom in the youngest. Practical and specific ineth
world for justice end for peace. Mere ods and the possibilities of our allies
Is a fit partner for a league of Hon ; co-operation, the members of the mi-
or. : sion would be glad to discuss with
'That partnership of honor in the : the members of the government of ,
great struggle for human freedom. Russia."
m
THE PLANKS WE PLANK
DOWN
in front of your place will be as
good years from now as they are
today. They are all thoroughly
sound properly seasoned wood,
which will neitlier warp, shrink
or crack, if properly protected.
While others have to make fre
quent repairs, you can look on
and think how wise you were to
get your lumber here when you
built.
Bisbee Lumber Company, inc
EMIL MARKS, Mgr.
LOWELL CAR STOP.
PHONE 2. THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JUNE 17, 1917.
THREE
N SHOW TO BE FEATURE
AT THE EAGLE THEATRE TUESDAY
NATIONALS
. : , ' ' f ' -
I i - i i
(By Review Leased Wire)
ST. LOl'IS. June 16. Brooklyn won
a see-saw rontest from St. Louis, 7 to
5, today.
Score R. H. E
Brooklyn ..000 013 030-7 10 1
St. Louis ...300 000 2005 10 3
Batteries: Coombs. Marquard, Smith
and Miller; Doak, Watson and Snyder.
03
CHARLES PHESSLEY DRAFING GCWN ON MISS LORIS MELFORD, THE
GAUMONT FASHION GIRL.
The art or tresiKninp and draping :
gowns will be shown in detail at the!
Easle theatre Tur-sday afternoon and !
evening by Charles E. Presley, of the
Mutual Picture Company, assisted by
the Misses Manna Cillis and Roberta
Btrry of t5e lo a! Tlielps iJodu-e store
staff. ;
Pressley is an expert designer and j
darper and has directed probably more j
fashion and style fchops than any other j
man in the southwest. His work at 1
the Eag?e theatre will be to drape the J
latest materials, furnished by the I
i
Phelps Dodge store here, over the liv-!
ini? models, creating the newest and;
most papular fashions in gowns. The
wort i? by no means as fcasy as ;t
soiiiitlsT however, as the gowns must!
b.cr'atod 'n a few minutes with the ;
Le!p of but a few pins to ho!d the ma-
teriais m p:ar-. r,ut Pressley has the
reputation of fceing able to take a
plain piece of goods, drape it on his
models and create the most elaborate
of women's gowns, all within two or
three minutes.
A one-reel moving picture, put ont
by the Mutual people, showing Press
ley designing gowns on Miss Loris
Melford, the Gaumont fashion model,
will be inrluded in the program, which
will a!eo include the regular five-reel
feature movie of the regular Eagle
program.
A special invitation is extended to
all vomen in the Warren District,
and men also, to visit the Eagle thea
tre Tuesday and see how simple it is
"when votj known how", to design and
darp a beautiful gown in three min
utes. Pressley is appearing under the
direction of the Mutual company.
Boston 7; Chicago 4.
CHICAGO, June 16. Boston started
a rally after two men were out in the
fifth and drove Douglas off the mound
by scoring four runs and cinched the
game, 7 to 4. Chicago played an up
hill battle, bunching hits in three in
nings, but could n".)t overtake the visi
tors. Score R. H. E.
Boston 003 004 0007 8 1
Chicago 000 200 1104 10 3
Batteries: Nehf, Ragan and Tra
gess'or; Prendergast, Demaree, Doug
las, Aldridge and Wilson.
New York 4; Pittsburgh 1.
PITTSBURG, June 16. New York
made it three straight by winning to
day's game from Pittsburg, 4 to 1. The
victory was due to Benton's effective
pitching.
Score R. H. E.
New York . ..'...001 000 0214 8 0
Pittsburg 000 000 0101 5 3
Batteries: Bent'on and Rariden;
Miller and W. Wagner.
Cincinnati 2; Philadelphia 1.
CINCINNATI. June 16. In an 11
inning game Mitchell held Philadel
phia to five scattered hits, Cincinnati
winning 2 to 1.
Score R. H. E.
Philadelphia . 000 000 010 001 5 0
Cincinnati . ..000 001 000 012 8 1
Batteries: Rixey and Killifer;
Mitchell and Clark.
AMERICANS
(By Review Leased Wire).
NEW YORK, June 16. New York
won another vicfjry from St. Louis.
Pipp, who drove out a home run in the
first inning yesterday with Hendrix
and Maisel on bases, repeated the feat
today under precisely the same condi
tions. Score R.H. E.
St. Louis 002 101 0004 11 4
New York 303 200 00 8 10 2
Batteries: Davenport, Koob, Park
and Severeid; Love and Walters.
Coast Results
Detroit 3; Washington 1.
WASHINGTON. June 16. Cobb's
triple with tv.'j on base in the eighth
enabled Detroit' to defeat Washington,
j 3 to 2. Vcach hit a ball over the right
j field wall for a home run in the fourth.
CRANE WILBUR AT
THE ORPKEUM AGAIN
1' TODAY AND TONIGHT
Craoie Wilbur, the hero-siar of "The
Single Code," "The Painted Lie" and
others, in the "Morals of Men" series, !
has a Htriking combination cf black
hair and blue eyes, bespeaking some
"West Coast" Irish ancestry. And he
oudUvadniits it. !
e -
mother vas born on the "ouhl
1. TT.hile his father was born in
lJ:Kl;wi1. He has the tcniperatment,
tile poetical nature "jf an Irishman,
vih the thorough, tenacious ttnden
cA.s of an Engli:;inan. He also pos
sesses unusual drartiatic ability inher-;
ited from a long line of successful
players.
, Mr. Wilbur from childhood has been
a great student, has always been esre
cially fond of history and the lan
guages, and is an accomplished lin
guist. When only 15 Mr. Wiibur had an op
portunity t'j go on the stage with S'.i
Henry Irving In "Robespierre." an '
shortly after his- excellent vert
brought him an engagement with Mrs.
Fiske's, famous Manhattan company,
with whom he remained for four years.
He later entered stock, and when
the Crane Bower company went cn its
world tour Mr. Wilbur went with them.
"The Single Code" will be shown
at the Orpiieum I'Jday.
Monday and Tuesday the Orpheum
attraction will be Douglas Fairbanks
in "Tlfc Americans."
Score R.H. E.
Detroit 000 100 0203 6 0
Washington . ...010 001 0002 4 0
Eatteries: Ehmke, Botand and
Spencer, Stanage; Dumont, Ayers and
rienry.
$1,000,000,000 yacht turned over to
government by John N. Willys of
Toledo was launched at Bath (Maine)
Iron Works Thursday.
j
I Gasoline i
C ham cr .
r '
KT pvt?
fi j
J7
j
4
1
f ccceleraton
Because, in straight-distilled gasoline the
boiling points gracusMy nsc in a continuous
unbroken chain, giving easy starting, qukk
and smooth acceleration, power and mileage.
Boiling points alone reveal gasoline quality.
As the U. S. Bureau of Standards states,
gravity tells you nothing. No mixture, how
ever cleverly concocted and no matter what
its gravity, cin contain the correct, unbroken
senes of boiling points.
Red Crown is guaranteed to be a ttraight
Cistl!Ied refinery gaoime. tre boiling points
ct which icrm a continuous coain. Red Crown
is not a mixture.
STANDARD OIL COMPANY
(CALiroXMUl
"The Gisoiir ofQui:ty"
Cleveland 4-7; Philadelphia 6-4.
PHILADELPHIA. June 16. Cleve-"s-d
twice defeated Philadelphia to
day, 4 to 0 and 7 to 4. In the first
game the visitors took advantage of
the b'ome team's errors o win a twirl
ing duel between Bush and Bagby.
Score First game: R. H. E.
Cleveland 100 100 0204 4 1
Philadelphia . ...000 000 0006 3 0
Batteries: Bagby and O'Neill ; Bush
and Meyer.
Score Second game: R. H. E.
Cleveland 302 000 0207 10 0
Philadelphia . ...011 001 0014 12 1
Gould, Klepfer and Billings: Schau
er, Johnson and Schang.
Chicago 7; Boston 2.
BOSTON, June 16. Chicago won
again today from the world champions.
Cicotte's pitching surpassed that of
Ruth, Boston failing to score until the
eighth, while Chicago hit bard at sev
eral stages.
Score R.H. E.
Chicago 100 101 0047 10 0
Boston 000 000 020 2 3 1
Batteries: Cicotte and Schalk; Ruth
and Thomas.
HOW THEY STAND
National League.
Club Won. Lost, Total.
New York 30 16 .652
Philadelphia 39 17 .630
Chicago 30 24 .5.r6
St Louis 27 23 .540
Cincinnati 25 31 .446
Boston 18 24 .429
Brooklyn -18 25 .419
Pittsburg ... 16 33' .314
American League.
Club Won. Lost Total.
Chicago . 35 17 .673
Boston . 30 19 .612
New York 28 20 .583
Cleveland 27 27 .500
Detroit 23 25 .479
St. Louis 28 30 .483
Philadelphia 17 29 .370
Washington 18 31 .367
Southern Association
Birmingham, 3; Nashville. 5.
New Orleans, 3; Memphis, 1.
Atlanta, 2; Chattanooga, 6.
Mobile, 6; Little Rock, 2.
At Los Angeles First game: R. H. E
Salt Lake 2 6 4
Vernon i 4 11 1
Batteries: F.vans and Hannah:
Fromnie and Mitze.
Second game R. H. E.
Salt Lake 11 14 2
v ernon . i 7 a
Batteries: .Dougan and Hannah,
Cress; Mitchell, Doane and Mitze.
MAN'S WOMAN SHOWN
AT THE LYRIC TODAY
At San Francisco R. H. E.
Oakland 3 7 6
San Francisco 4 10 2
Batteries: Kremer and Roche, Mur
ray; Erickson, and Baker (10 innings).
At Portland R. 11. E.
Los Angeles 6 5 1
Portland 5 13 1
Batteries: Hogg, Hall and Boles;
Benton, H'ouck and Baldwin. Fisher.
Western League .
At Denver R. H. E.
Omaha 9 12 2
Denver 4 9 4
Batteries:' Merz and Brottem:
Green, Nabors and Bartholomey. .
At Joplin R. H. E.
Lincoln 2 8 5
Joplin 3 6 0
Batteries: Gregory and Rohrer;
McGranor and Collins.
A raid on a big fashionable gamb-
j ling house, conducted by the assist
ant district attorney of a big city, is
j one of the thrilling episodes of "Man's
Woman." the new World Picture
I Brady-Made which will be the attrac
tion at the Lyric theatre today. Miss
Ethel Clayton plays the lead in this
production and she appears with
RookcllfTe Fellowes. Fellowes ap
pears as Kendall, the assistant dis
trict attorney, and Miss Clayton ap
pears ss his charming young wife.
The play's title is indicative of Xtr'
young woman's condition as a mar
ried woman. .She is pampered and
petted like a bouse cat. She rebels
and finally wins happiness and a fair
measure of independence and author
ity for herself. This is the best pic
ture that Miss Clayton has yet done.
At St Joseph R. H. E.
Sioux City 3 10 1
St Joseph ....4 7 0
Batteries: Tedisco and Crosby;
Hovlik; Graham and Moore.
Sour Stomaon.
This is a mild form of indigestion.1
It is usually brought on by eating too
rapidly or too murti, tor of food not
suited to your digestive organs. If yon
will eat slowly, masticate your food
thoroughly, eat but little meat and
nnno nfr all fnr aitiiftt- vnn will mni-A
than likely avoid the sour stomach
without taking any medicine whatever. '
When you have sour stomach take one
of Chamberlain's Tablets to aid diges
tion. Advertisement
At Wichita
Des Moines
Wichita
Batteries: Kallto
Koestner and White.
and
R.H. E.
..6 11 4
..3 9 2
Spahr:
American Association
At Indianapolis, 6; Louisville, 9.
At Toledo, 2-2; Columbus, 6-1.
At Kansas City, 3; Minneapolis, 6.
At Milwaukee, 3; St Paul, 2.
HARBORS AND RIVERS BILL.
.. DEBATE NEARS COMPLETION.
(By Review Leaseo Wire)
WASHINGTON. June 16 Debate on
the rivers and harbors appropriation
bill was nearly completed in the house
today but efforts to bring the measure
to a final vote failed and it will not
come up again until the second food
bill has been disposed of.
Rubber
Co.
THE LARGEST CUT RATE TIRE CONCERN IN
THE SOUTHWEST OFFERS YOU
TIRES
IN NEW, CLEAN, FRESH STOCK COMPOSED OF
FACTORY SPECIAL LOTS AT
CUT PRICES
WE HANDLE ONLY
Standard Makes
COMPOSED OF THE HIGHEST GRADES OF TIRES
MANUFACTURED IN THE UNITED STATES
IT WILL PAY YOU WELL TO INVESTIGATE
THESE TIRES AND GETTING OUR PRICES
THEREBY-SAVING AND ECONOMIZING.
Sturgis-Jones Last Co., of Brockton
has received contract from govern
ment for 50.000 pairs of lasts for army
shoes.
COOK
RUBBER
CO.
HOME OFFICE EL PASO, TEXAS
LOCAL BRANCH
Johnson Addition
FOSTER BUILDING
PHONE 132 PHONE 132
.... r,
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
. , vt 2. .'Jt.-AAJ? 5-
The Studehaker Cm
Economy and Investment
ECONOMY is judicious expenditure. The
purchase of a good automobile is a judi
cious expenditure.
To the business man, the professional man arid
the farmer the automobile has become a neces
sity it saves time, covers more territory, pets
more business in this way an automobile makes
money.
To the family it brings health, enjoyment, open
country, better associations perhaps at less cost
than vacations and other forms of "amusements."
The purchase of a STUDEBAKEK Car is not
only an economy and a "judicious expenditure,"
but it is .an investment. The Studebakcr Car is
a standard of value and quality. It is generally
recognized as one of the best motor car values in
the world.
The high used car value of Studehaker Cars in
ratio to first cost, makes it easy to change a
Studehaker Car back into cash, if necessary.
On tho basis "of a permanent investment,, Stude
haker Cars are as economical to own androTScTflre'
as they are to buy.
In ratio to power, they are most economical ;:i
their consumption of gasoline.
In ratio to weight and carrying capacily, the
perfect balance of the Studehaker Cars, euJbks
owners frequently to get from 8,000 to 10,000
miles on a single set of tires.
Studehaker Cars are very economical to main
tain. Their perfect quality insures durability
and keeps the cost of adjustments and repairs at
a minimum.
Then, too, Studebakcr Cars are distinctly the
"Owner's" Cars. Their great accessibility, their
simplicity of design and construction, and the
very complete instruction books that go with
Studebakcr Cars, make them very easy, indeed,
to take care of every part is easy to get at
whether it be valves, gears, clutch, electric
system or rear axle.
If you wish practical, real economy, in buying
your new car, read these paragraphs again; then
study the Studehaker Car and have us show you
just what every statement in this advertisement
Four-Cylinder
yOVK Roadster . . $ 98S
J-'OUR Touring Cue . 985
FOUR Landau Roadster 1150
.TOUR Every-Weather Car 1185
I ABpriot$..t.Dtml
BISBEE AUTO COMPANY
(The Pioneer Garage)
PHONE 3.
SLx-Cvliii'itr .lJWrj
SIX Roadster . . S12.."
SIX Touring Car . . t'J..
SIX Ind.iu K-iadtcr i:55.
SIX Touring Sedan
SIX Coupe . . . V'"'
SLX Limousine . ip.itv i V
FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JUNE 17, 1917.
hz States J3cthj Krutem
Published Every Day Except Monday By the
Stale Consolidated Publishing Company
Business Office Phone No. 39.
Branch Connecting All Departments.
Advertising Rates on Application.
ntred at S'iond Clin Mail Matter at Bisbee, Arizona.
Under Act of March 8, 1879.
Subscription Rates, Payable In Advance:
PER MONTH $ .75
THREE MONTHS M6
6Ut MONTHS 4.00
TWELVE MONTHS 7.60
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per year t.$0
SUNDAY Our Weekly) per Quarter .75
No Subscription Taken For Less Than 75 Cent.
PHONE NO. 89.
Aeview subscriber not receiving a copy of The Bisbre
Daily Review before 8 a. m. will get one promptly ty
pedal Western Union Messenger by telephoning tlie
Circulation Department, No. 89. The Review will con
sider it a favor If the irregularity of delivery Is reported
to the Circulation Department. The Messenger service
applies to Bisbes only.
Sunday Morning, June 17, 1917.
RED CROSS WEEK.
Prom Jane 10 to June 26, throughout the country,
the great drive will be made to raise a fund of $100,000,
000 to support the American Red Cross Fund. During
that time Bisbee is asked to contribute $25,000 to the
cause which will mean so much to the suffering of human
ity, in general, and to the American boys who fight in
France, in particular.
Some of the biggest men in the country are behind the
Red Cross movement. Wood row Wilson is the honorary
president ' The government has given it its unqualified
sanction and some of the nation's business leaders are
giving up their time to promote its best interests. J. P.
Davidson, of the banking firm of J. P. Morgan and Com
pany is the leader. ' Cleveland H. Dodge, so closely con
nected with Bisbee, is the chairman of the finance com'
mittee for New York and has already contributed $1,'
000.000 to the fund.
The Red Cross is one of the bright spots in times of
this kind. America is called up to furnish almost fab
ulous sum to its support The men behind the movement
are going into it with the full knowledge that it will be a
big task, and to be effective, must be ably adimnlstered.
Many people will show some apathy when approached
for funds. ' It is only to be hoped that these persons may
be shown the error of their ways. Many people will not
respond until the terrible hand of war lays violent hold
upon someone who is near and dear to them.
Now is the time! .
All of us have our connections in the present war. All
of us desire that our brothers, our sons, our relatives
be treated with consideration in France. All of us have
friends who may need the deft touch of an American Red
Cross nurse and the care of American Red Cross sur
geons and medicine.
Bisbee's quota for the Red Cross may seem a large
sum. It is but $1, per capita. The committees eppointed
to raise the fund comprise many of the leading men and
women of the community. That they have undertaken
the work is proof of its value. All should respond and
with Joy in their hearts.
Bisbee and the Warren District this week, will be
watched with interest So far we have not failed. Let
it not be said, at this time, that apathy is a part of our
community make-up.
BOOTLEGGERS' SENTENCES.
The recommendation of Governor Campbell tl-at the
board of pardons and paroles issue no more recommenda
tions for the relief of persons convicted of bootlegging
will be given general approval. Comparatively few of
the bootleggers who have' had influential friends have
served out the terms for which they have been sentenced,
and in many cass the fines assessed against them have
gone by the board. It is remarkable how many of the
bootleggers have become victims during their incorcera
tion of disease which would certainly end in death in their
cells unless they were released. From which we con
clude that the bootleggers are persons of extremely low
vitality, much more bo than thieves, forgers and other
classes who place themselves behind the bars.
The wholesale turning out of jail of these offenders
against the constitution of the state tends to make a Joke
of the constitution and to over-ride the will of the people
so decidedly expressed last November. It is an encourage
ment to repeated violations of the prohibition law. It
conveys an impression that it is officially believed that
bootlegging is a rather respectable breach of the law,
notwithstanding it is engaged in only by men who have
occupied the lowest levels of society.
Bootlegging is a profitable business if it is not Inter
rupted. It is so profitable that one can afford to take a
chance of interruption and if it Is made to appear tbat
the interruption will cause him slight or only moderate
cost or inconvenience, the kind of a man who would
engage in that sort of business is encouraged to take the
chance.
A very large number of the bootleggers who have been
convicted are second, third and even fourth offenders.
They took the chance because It Involved only a minimum
of ultimate risk.
If now our courts and officials will give to the law the
force the voters intended it to have, bootlegging in Ari
zona will be broken up. If such sentences were imposed,
with the certainty that they would be executed in full,
as to make the offenders shrink with horror from a re
petition of the dose, there woald need be no repetition.
No bootlegger would take the second chance and many
prsons inclined to bootlegging would not take the first one.
The governor points out that this crime is committed
with peculiar, studied deliberation and that there is noth
ing, therefore, to be said in the bootlegger's behalf after
the conviction.
All applications for pardon or parole are accompanied
by petitions signed by many respectable, law-abiding citi
zens who, we think, would thank the governor and the
board of pardons and paroles for relieving hem of sign
ing petitions in the future. As a rule, these signers, either
know or care nothing about the bootlegger. They sign.
with inward reluctance, because somebody has asked
them to do so. There Is no man so low in the scale of
humanity that he is without indirect connection with the
best people in his community. He has a friend slightly,
but only slightly higher than himself. That friend has a
still higher friend and os the line extends to the upper
most level. The line frequently and generally runs ah up
ward, turtuous course along a political line, or maybe
a lodge line, but anyway it runs upward through the whole
structure of society.
If it Is now made clear that no petition in the case of
a bootlegger will be considered, respectable citizens will
be spared the embarrassment of attaching their name.-!
to such petitions. Arizona Republican.
illsiBgasSSSBSSS
GLORY AND SHAME OF SOUTHAKOTA.
The Sioux Fails Press discovered, and all other Jour
nals of the Banana Belt are lamenting or grinning at the
diseovery, that the South Dakota prohibition law, dryer
than a Death Valley bone, dryer than eternal drought.
was wet. unholy and preposterously wet, says the New
York Times. A South Dakota druggist call sell aloefioi
for medicinal use only upon prescription by a physician.
He can sell all the alcohol he pleases for veterinary use
without prescription by a veterinarian. "Any owner of
an animal," says The Press, "may, without prescription,
buy alcohol in as large quantities as the druggist will
sell for scientific purposes, by giving the druggist the in
ference that it is for a sick animal.'
"Will you have a sick horse?'' "Win you have a sick
cow?" These are terms of profane art and convivial con
viction in South Dakota. The good grieve. The wicked
rejoice. That is the shame of South Dakota.
The glory, much more than blotting out the shame, of
South Dakota, is Webster, in Day County, a farming town
in a farming district innocent of mine or factory. Web
ster "claims the belt as the heavyweight in finance."
Webster, The Sioux Falls Argus-Leader tells us, "is the
first city in South Dakota to subscribe its quota to the
Liberty Loan." Hurrah for 'Webster, worthy of that
bright and venerable name. And the praise of Webster
doesn't end there. Webster is the richest town in the
United States in its per capita bank deposits. It has a
population of 1,640, bank doposits (of $1,505,194,74, a
per capita deposit of $917.80. The North Dakotan town
of Bottineau, with a per capita deposit of $735.59, Is said
to be second in average riches.
If the children of darkness in South Dakota will. Insist
on strong watering their sick horses, may rich, patriotic
Webster be the toast! .
Thousands
of
K
itchens
Will Be COO
J jjgj) I
This Summer
:Will Yours?
f RELIABLE
J OAS RANGES
Equip your kitchen with a GAS RANGE and a GAS FIRED WATER HEATER and free your kitchen
tasks from all disagreeable features.
CLEAN, practically without effort on your part, because dust and ashes are eliminated. EFFICIENT, be
cause a gas range and water heater will do your cooking and baking
and provide abundant hot water at the lowest possible expenditure of
time and fuel.
COMFORTABLE not only in a physical sense, but because of
relief from the many worries that beset the particular housekeeper who
must depend upon an uncertain coal range.
We have a complete assortment of gas ranges on display, as well
as the different types of water heater. An investigation will place you
under no obligation. Call at our store or ask us to send a representative.
1 RELIABLE 9Z53SE
U
RELIABLE ETMIhMlh'
CAS RANOCS
Bisbee Improvement Co.
Punchy Paragraphs
And Painful Poetry
heard of any Fotd Speculators drowning.
New Shoes.
No, Indeed.
Though some may hanker, now
then.
For boyhood's happy hours again;
and
Yet not so much cfres he who had
An older brother, as a lad.
You probably have your new sum-1
iner shoes pretty well broken in by j
this time. But wasn't it awful for j
about a week there, though ! Why j
should it be that when a man is feel- j
ing well, with nothing in particular j
to worry him and every reason to be ,
happy, he will go and buy a pair of ,
new shoes? The clerk tells him the1
new tones will feel fine after they are
WORLD SALESMANSHIP.
"The opportunity for the salesman in that new world
which will confront us at the close of the war will be
one of the great openings of all history," says Charles
M. Schwab. For the past three years he has been prac
tising the very world-salesmanship he preaches, and has
had exceptional insight into present and future foreign
markets.
"Up to now,'" he explains, "we have been largely con
cerned with our domestic problems both in politics and in
business. The end of the war will find us engaged in
world -politics, in international trade, and in world-affairs
on the largest possible scale."
It is time for the enterprising young men of America
to prepare for this great," newly opening business oppor
tunity. The war will leave all Europe and much of the
rest of the world depleted of countless kinds of manu
factured products which we can supply. The material
machinery of civilization will be largely worn out. Mar
kets will be open to us on a vaster scale than ever before.
And there will be a new warmth of welcome for us and
our products, in nearly every foreign country, because
of the unselfish and whole-hearted way in which we have
entered the war and made possible the saving of free
civilisation.
Young men looking forward to a business career must
therefore broaden their outlook. They must stop thinking
In terms of cross-roads sales and think in terms of world
markets. And they must fit themselves for the practical,
necessary work of winning the desired markets. They
must learn foreign languages foreign geography, foreign
preference and prejudices.
Languages are of first Importance. Most American
business men know only English. Our young men should
learn other tongues if they hope to win the big prizes
of business preparedness. A speaking and writing know
ledge of French, Spanish, or Russian will pay big divi
dends.
i mfmptfXMwm ) Uif. ,vtf fay lift .Hswfrt v w.wlc?..gSirS3g,,fl , .
m 4
BP
DOLLARS THAT GROW
All U. S. dollars may look alike to some people
but there is a di (Terence in the society they keep
for instance idle dollars cannot grow whereas dol
lars in the Bank are constatnly increasing at interest.
Give your dollars the rgiht opportunity by start'
an account with us
Per Cent Interest Kaid on Time Deposits.
An older brother, as a boy.
Who robbed one's life of every Joy,
Who fagged one out of all his wits,
loosened up. The idea is to loosen
them up. Take a day off for this. Start
out and see how far you can walk in
And teased one to the verge of fits! tnem before you have a collapse. One
good scheme is to wrap your old shoes
Happy Thought 1 in Dundle nd carry them with you-
It takes more than a high ttollar to ' The when V,U find you can 8Uffer nt
hide a rough neck. -notner 8teP f e agony and torture
sit down on the curb and change them.
Slacker Joke ! ' would De terrible if a new hat hurt
Friend (grateful for a'favoD-'IH 88 mucn as new Pair ot snoes- 0r
,i .,i,ii.. a new suit!
Slacker "I wish you already had.'
The Traffic Cop.
He lifts a large and heavy mitt
And merely turns t'o scowl a bit
Or yell a hoarse command or so
(A "horse" command at autos Oh!)
He doesn't even have to shout
When all the motor cars about,
The very rich, the very swell.
The millionaires and such as well.
Must stop at once right in the track
ROUNDING UP THE LOAFERS.
That there are two million men of draft age throughout
Uie country who will do no regular work and are virtual
ly parasites was asserted in a recent conference in the
office of the surgeon-general at Washington. That may
be an exaggeration, but the figures are high enough at
best. These men for the most part escape military serv
ice because of physical defects brought alout by lack
of discipline and bad habits. To round up these men.
cure those who can be cured, and get what work out of
them is possible so that they may not be drags upon the
nation, is the problem before the government.
The Line Is Busy.
Hello, hon, how you feeling? Fine
and dandy, listen, did we have a won
derful party? Oh, did we! I'll say,
hon. Listen, how'd you like that fel
low? He was all right, but I don't ex
pect to hear from him Why; hon? I
d'know, he didn't take me right, b'jiiie
how Listen, what do you know? Not
much I'm going to have it with some , And needn't sass or answer back,
hem-stitching or maybe some bobbin- 0r if tnev d0 be'tt nlake 'f m Quail
stitching That bobbin-stitchin's love-! Aid maybe chuck 'em all In jail!
ly, that's new. hon And wear my blue It s happy life that's his,
skirt And your black hat, hon . wisn wa our ail' bil
Would you wear the black'hat?, I lok To t,JSS the wealthy auto mob.
old Listen, hon, you look wonderful The traffic cop has got the job!
in your black hat Carl says they'll be
all, YOU know, young couples an'
Hadn't heard from him for eight
months, he calls up an' He's a WON
derful thing and a WOXderful spend
er Listen, hon, he's coming after me
in a machine, he says, an' It's terri
ble dull right now, a lot tf us might
get, YOU know, laid off I won't see
her, eyether So do I, I feel terrible
lonesome for that kid Less see, what
else do I know? I don't know any
more, eyether See y Sunday, then,
G' Bye Bye.
MP
Of Fire Burning
Or Burglars
Stealing your private papers and valuables when"
you shut the home up for the summer.
There's Absolute Safety for both when protected -:
by our modern valuts "
Private safes rent for $5.00 and up yearly.
Think this over then see
CITIZENS BANK & TRUST COMPANY
Main Street Bisbee, Arizona.
Will E. McKee, President C. A. McDonald, Cashier
He Got It
"One word, I beg!" the agent said.
Approaching gouty old McRamm;
He got the word and then he fled.
The word he got was, !"
Our Janitor.
Our Janitor is large and strong.
Another Hero.
There are lois of fanfous pi'.iple it
were very nice to be.
There are heroes made immortal
through their deeds of sword
and pen.
And at times one feels a yearning just
to be as high as he
Who is mentioned in the Lives of
Famous Men;
Hef does the chores about the place, i of the people I would pattern there
He seldom hums a snatch of song, i appears to be a host.
And smiles are selvom on his race;
In winter he will heat our flat
Except when he is on a bat.
Our Janitor does lots of things,
At least, there's lots of things he
should.
Hell fix our door-bell so it rings.
At any rate, we wish he would.
And other things he'll fix up,. too.
Unless, of course, he's on a stew.
Our Janit'jr has eares, of course.
Though we may try his job to ease.
He says we work him like a horse.
Our Janitor is hard to please;
To cross him, though, we wouldn't
rare.
Especially when he's on a tear!
Today's Sneer.
Whether or not some I'eeplo are
really liorn to be Hung we haven't
There are many that I eny for
thi-ir character" and feats.
But the man I mostly envy and I'd
rather be the most
Is the Man who Cheers the People
that be Meets.
I have seen him on the avenue, along
the busy way.
I have seen him always welcomed
wheresoever he may go.
I have seen that he is seldom very
boisterous or gay.
He is quiet (and the best of men
are so) ;
He is not the hearty "mi.xer," he is not
the sort that "buys."
Yet it's every one he's meetins that
he treats.
For there's friendship in his siniliiiK
and there's kindness in his ryes.'
And he always cheers the people
that he meets.
osiieg
This Bank is managed by Officers and
Directors chosen for their integrity, high
standing and experience in financial mat
ters. We invite your consideration of thi3
Bank and welcome YOUR account.
Bank with us.
3
And wlu n next I ever meet him I shall
make him tell me how;
I shall question him and quizi him
till I know he has my drift;
"Than a medal on my bosom or a lau
rel on uiy brow
I would rather have your pretty lit
tle gift!
"Tell me, tell me!" I'll implore him.
"what it is you say or iJ.
And we'll print it in the paper and
they'll pell 'em on the street.
And when everybody reads It maybe
' there'll be more of you.
You who always cheer the people
that you meet!"
1,
ni
lo
o-. .THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JUNE 17, 1917 .155
HVE
f.lAYNARD NEWMAN'S
BOOT ARRIVES LAST
NIGHT iN DISTRICT
MANY BOOTLEGUERS
EN1EK GUILTY ttEAS
(Special to Tte Review.)
TOIttiioioAr-, juue io. lue call
of the criminal calendar was niaue
Accompanied By School Mate' ibis atternoon and cases set tor trial
Body Of Bisbee 15oy . Is' c"meucing June 25. and up to and
tT L l7 117-r including July b. The case of murder
Brought Mere. Will' Ix:,,,,,,. rl stone, chareed with the
TO Los Angeles ' killing or Frank Williams near Bisbee
Shipped
Tonight.
was set lor trial on June 25.
The trial jury will be drawn on
Monday and will report on the twenty
litth. There were a number of pleas of
guilty in toe superior court today.
, Auauis and Tony Anuervich, both of
NU fAKUUN UK CAKULE
FUR BUUTLEUGERS IS
UliUtMt UUitKWUti
u.d.AUinumiiuuri
IKAILUhSLAUHtKS
INUUb'HI5tUUUN(Y
Justice Cannot Be Meted Out ' Government Is Puzzled By Re
ts Lone js uttenaers Are! gistrations from Cananea
fteieasea,, is Opinion
Governor CampoeU.
ot
Accompanied by Mike Schmalzel, of j
this city and a classmate of the de- j
ceased, the body of Maynard New-1
man, who was drowned at Ann Arbor,
lfiphifin tliA firct naH nf tHia !
arrived in Bisbee last evening. Brief i f tee- ,wn war Apache
service, will be held for the family I wiln ol beer and whiskey, en
today at the home of the parents on j tered pleas of guilty and Andervich
Mason HilL This evening the body j d? orde,ed 10 pay
will be re-shipped to Los Angeles ! a an W h'le Adam, was given
where it wlll.be Interred alongside , nii lbe 6ame, fine- .
lose BHiuzur anu jesuis juuuuiua.
that of Mrs. Frankenbexg, grandmoth
er of the boy, and an uncle.
Maynard Newman was nineteen
years old; the son of Mr. and Mrs. M.
Newman. The boy was born in Ra
ton, New Mexico, and moved, with his
who were caught in the vicinity of
Pearce with beer and whiskey, were
both given four mouths and a fine of
160.
Carl Anderson, of Bisbee, was given
parents, shortly afterward, to Los An-j three months and ordered to pay a fine
geles. He remained there for several i
years going through the grammar
grades oZ the Harvard military school. I
T'nim tha mmnlptinn nf n i a 'nil pan Vi a !
cam eto Bisbee and took his Mgh ; than three years. Through the efforts
vi uie sutnu a uuitc m ccpiug aiti
Olivas all of the loot that was stolen
i 1 A
aa vj-ic: inn vi tiiat j I cuivricu
Santiago Oliwas the Tombstone
"Raffles," was sentenced to serve a
term of not less than one nor more
school work here graduating with hon
ors in 1915.
and turned back to the owners. So.-ne
of the loot was found in the houses
the law department of the University
there established an enviable record here 0nxa atedthf " tC
for himself, both as a student and in i theowflers had reported that they had
general university circles. Of late he ' ( thorough search for it. A
had been one of the moving spirits in ' tracelet- SId tcfhi. Rnd kvallerre
the law-department's military coming- j wef covered in this manner One
ent of fe university. I or two ln;as thad already eryed two
In tj accidental death of Maynard ! jf" m the indt"al school at Ft.
Newmai the city of Bisbee lost one of i l,ran .
its brifttest young men. The sympa- j
thy of ffcVentire community goes with p. r nnnnm KflllO
his pareTTTs and relatives to his last AfL uUUrLl. Wlflu
FORMER GOVERNOR OF !
NEW MEXICO IN BISBEE!
250-MILE CLASSIC
George Curry, Prominent Res
ident of Adjoining State, Is
visitor Here.
Consistent Pilot Snatches
Race From Ralph Mulford
In Last 20 Miles of Non
Stop Drive.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
CHICAGO, Juny 16. Driving the
entire distance without a stop Earl
George Cnrry, former governor of Cooper snatched a victory in the. last
the territory of New Mexico .member 20 miles of tne 250-mile automobile
of congress from the state of New I race at Speedway Park today, winning
Mexico, a member of Roosevelt's ' in 2:25:28. With first , place went $S,
Rough Riders in the war vith Spain j.000 and a 811 ver trophy,
and military governor of thfe Island of J Ralph Mulford, who broke the
Samar itfthe Fhnipplne Islaids,-1si,Amrt,"aft' eplwy Tecords for 150
visitor la Bisbee. The New Mexican i and 200 nllles finished second, and
came to ne Warren District to call i Eddie Hearne third. Fourth place
on his personal friend, John C. Green- j went to cliff Durant and Walter
way of Warren. j Haines pulled up fifth.
The visitor expects to remain in the i RalPh de Palma- the favorite, gave
district several days, having come i Mulford a desperate race for 200 miles
here from Douglas, where he had some ' but was forced out of the running be
business to attend to. His present j cause of a 'aky gasoline P'Pe and -home
address is Cutter, New Mexico. ' 6lne trouble-
, Chansirg tires in the 231st mile
Ha. a Good Opinion of Chamberlain'. ' robbed Mulford of victory. Although
Tablet.. j the track only forty-three seconds
"Chamberlain's Tablets are a won-1 Mulford lost the lead to Cooper, who
der. I never sold anything that beat "tidily increased it, finishing a mile
them." writes F. B. Tressv. Richmond t aneaa OI Dls nval- cooper s average
Ky. When troubled with indigestion
or constipation, give them a trial.
Advertisement.
ASKS
(
WA9
(APPROPRIATION TO
I
for the race was 103 1-10 miles - an
hour.
Two accidents marred the race. Joe
Thomas and bis machanician escaped
with minor bruises when their car.
i BDeedinc at 118 miles an hour, crash-
TO tlGHX COTTON BOLL WORM , ed throuRh the fence on the back
j stretch. The car driven by Joe Boy
' er also went throuph a fence on the
! turn but neither Boyer nor his mech
' anirian was injured.
Py Review Leased Wire.)
1HINGTON. June 16. An appro
priation of $500,Ono for a Mexican bor
der quarantine against the cotton
pink boll worm was asked of congress
today by Secretary Houston.
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING QUICK RESULTS
..K.-W.'fiAfS rLi
ffildLHt
ij w i Ji n t --' - z.-l-.j...-.- .
U PEARL I) 1
1A OIL, feCft,...,
(speciai Ltispaicn io tne iteview.)
ludicaiuitu, June xo. Accoiuilis
Xi a copy ol h len-ei- leceiveu u ut
oiiei in a oliice in lumuwue, tuc feuv
iiuuf n umue lu t uuvuia auu uic
uuaiu oi pii'uulis auu paioiea iu Um
cvuaiuer ttuy tti'ncatiuua lul paiuwuo
yaiuied iur pait.es couvicibu oi o
iduua oi Uitf iuUiuibiiii Auivuauiu.
uiiieai iiit; aie crj uuu&u&i. lue ic.-
ttl, nUlkll vttul KliuCit u Ouil itxxlici,
cuttil'uiaU 01 Uie uoaiu Ul iuuuuum uuu
p-uu4t;s t troeruor tampuen, a Mt
ut Huica Mas reueiveu uy uie ineim o
uiiice, leaus as ioiios:
"l oeg u cooiiiui couversauVin hulu
au you anu nou. wiey . joues ou
June Ilia, regaruing viuiauiis oi me
constitutional auienaiueuts aud slat.
utea, governing pronioiuon in Arizona,
anu woum reapeciiuny draw your
eany attention to lue increasing aiiu
unnecessary arain upon your vaiuuoie
nine, and mat ot tuis omce, aireauy
uarrassed by unusual anu uuexpecieu
calls, involved in the consideration oi
petitions and appeals of 'oootieggere,'
uieir frienas ana sympathizers.
"Ihe citizens and resiuenus of Ari
zona, generally, do not expect tnal
clemency shall be exercised in sucn
cases, except in very rare instances,
wherein justice plainly appears to
have miscarried or extenuating cir
cumstances appear, whereby such in
terlerence is demanded.
"Violators "jf the prohibition laws
deserve no pity or sympathy. They
engage in mis unlawful practice be
cause of the 4iuge proiits oiiered by
the same. To insure these gains, they
resort to cunning and re&ourceiulneas
of a degree that stamps them as po
tential criminals, destined to be a men
ace to our social and political fabric.
"When these men and women be
come entangled in the meshes jf the
law, they immediately begin to cast
about for an excuse to draw to their
cases the sympathy of orderly and law
abiding citizens, who lend their sym
pathy and co-operation merely to be
good fellows,' ratner than that their
serious impulse is to upset the course
of justice. Such weight is brtmght to
bear upon your board and by your
board upon me, that justice is done
only in Isolated cases.
"The cost of securing evidence and
conviction in 'bootlegging' cases is
great. Increasing bitter complaints
from county officials are being re
ceived at this 'office against parole of
such prisoners, and the impression is
abroad that there is little use of spend
ing great sums of money to bring these
people to punishment if our acts are to
make them free upon the payment of
fines, or because they are in physical
and mental distress, such as is alleged
to warrant executive clemency.
"There is no doubt that the traffic
Lin intoxicants has been increasing. It
is carried on boldly, at the present
time. . Nj good reason can be assigned
why all such miscreants should not suf
fer the full penalties for their skill
fully premeditated acts, regardless ot
their influence or past record as law
abiding citizens. The laws governing
these practices are not obscure and
tney are widely understood. I firmly
believe that it is not only the large
profits which attracts persons who
migth otherwise become economic fac
tors in our industrial life; into this il
legal traffic, but the comparative im
munity from punishment which your
recommendations and my acts of clem
ency lead them to expect, should they
be caught and sentenced.
"It was therefore pleasing to me to
learn that your honorable body is in
agreement with these ideas, and shall
be under added obligation if you will
resolve that, in the future, except in
unusual cases, no recommendations
for clemency as to sentences for 'boot
legging' be sent to this office for any
consideration.
"Respectfully,
"THOMAS E. CAMPBELL.
"Governor of Arizona."
GONVENIENCL
All the convenience of gas. No waiting for the
fire to burn up. Meals in a j'fly, and a coo!
kitchen all the time.
Bakes, broils, roasts, toasts. Better cooking
because of the steady, evenly-distributed hest.
More convenient than a wood or coal stove for
all the year 'round cooking and more eco
nomical. The long b!ne chimneys prevent al! smoke and
Smell. In I. 2. 3 and 4 burnrr liztf. rrith
or v:tho.it ovens. Also cabinet
model. Ask your dealer today.
A
HEW EMB
OIL CGOMTOV
. Z
FO SALE BY
And Utiier bonora roints;
lNo U. 5. Residence Given.
(Special DUpatcn to The Review.)
TOMBrfiOiMii, June ib. ihat the
United buiies autiicruies are alter me
siacaers in all paiia oi me united
biates is very evident Iroui the numer
ous teiegrauis auu leuera mat are be
ing received oy tue snerm'd omce as&
uii that imorinauon be sent to me
etieci mat various parties had been
registered in cucuiae county. Letters
ana ten grams nave been received ironi
au frranusco, Los Angeles and New
Mexic'j.
A number in Cochise county have al
ready Deen reported to tne United
Uiatea authorities and -it is expected
mat government agents will De sent
to mis section soon to lake action in
tne matter.
Several parties in Cochise county
who registered have already lost their
certificates and have written in lor
duplicates. These will not be fur
nished by the sheriff's office, as the
provost marshal general has ruled oth
erwise. All who have lost their cer
tificates must furnish the county
board, which is composed of Sheriff
Wheeler, County Recorder Krebs and
County Physician C. H. Hunt, with
proof that they have registered, be
fore whom, the date and how they lost
their certificates, and such other in
formation that they possess to show
that they complied with the law. These
statements will then be investigated
by the board and if found to be true,
the party will be furnished with a
statement to the effect that he did
register and that he has complied with
the law, but in no instance will a dupli
cate certificate be issued.
No word has as yet been received
by the county board as to when the
draft law and manner of handling the
exemptions will be completed. The
only word received ' concerning the
drawing and the exemptions is to tne
effect that the county board, com
posed of the above named, will han
dle these matters and that there will
be ho precinct boards.
The cards of some thirty residents
of Cananea who registered are being
held up pending some advice from
Washington, and nt certificates have
been issued to them as they all gave
their residences aa Cananea and no
residence in the United States. These
facts were reported to Washington but
no word has been ieceived in reply
thereto. They were registered by W.
A. Julian, Americatt consul at.jj:hat
place, and cannot be classed as resi
dents of Cochise county, as no resi
dence was given in the county.
The number of those who st'ould be
credited to Cochise county is now in
the neighborhood of 6.690, nearly forty
more cards having been received since
the tabulated statement was forwarded
to Phoenix.
Whooping Cough.
In this disease it is important that
the cough be kept loose and expectora
tion easy, which can be done by giving
Chamberlain's Cough Remedy. Mrs.
P. H. Martin, Peru, Ind writes: "My
two daughters had whooping cough. 1
gave them Chamberlain's Cough F.eiu
edy and it worked like a charm." Advertisement
SERVICES AT NACO
Members of the Baptist church will
go to Naco this afternoon and hold
services for the soldiers. A choir and
a good speaker will accompany the
members of the congregation. Auto
mobiles will leave from in front of
the post office at two o'clock this af
ternoon and return about five. The
church would deeply appreciate the
use of a few more automobiles than
have already been promised, in order
that as many as possible make the
trip.
More Allied Troops
Landed at Piraeus
(By Review Leased Wire)
ATHENS, via London, June 16.
Former King Constsntine, who add:-
rated the Greek throne last Tuesday.'
now has left Greek territory. j
Both the government and the high '
commissioner representing the allies;
are taking every measure to avoid dis-;
order. The general commanding the
first army corps lna ordered the tcm-i
porary closing of the military club,
where royalist officers were accus
tomed to meet. The authorities at
Piraeus have posted notices summon
ing all who possess arms to deliver
them to the authorities by tomorrow.
More allied troops were landed at
Piraeus today.
The food situation is improving. A
steamer is discharging a cargo of
wheat at Piraeus. Other cargoes are
expected within 24 hours. Normal
conditions of navigation in Greek
waters graduully are being restored.
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING QUICK RESULTS
We have just received a
rare lire of
Perfect
Wesselton
DIAMONDS
in all sizes, which will make
beautiful engagement rings.
Remember these stones are
absolutely perfect and the
prioss right Come in- and
talk it over with us. :
L. L Gilman
-1 .
... If -
. . "11. k. " CT1 I il'k
' i&y&. Ill:
Gbr JIB!
l it
(gm- MAXWELL If
l - m r i u l i mini
ureiy satisraciory. i
I 't ii vin
m
ImiiIiI litis
..i5'
1
1 T
II U IP -111
Pi' in
W"
o
t . xef aeTvo "Vet .
aO - -
NO
proven en
WSSR
2erolene. "a most satisfactory motor o0" that is the testimony of the leadinf
automobile distributors of the Coast.
They know from the records of their service departments and we know from
exhaustive tests that Zerolene. correctly refined from selected California
asphalt-base crude, gives perfect lubrication with least carbon deposit
Zerolene is the oil for your car whatever the make-he oil for all types ol
automobile engines. For correct grade, get our Lubrication Chart covering
your car
At dealers everywhere and Standard Service Stations
STANDARD OIL COMPANY
(CALIFORNIA)
s Si&nfasd OJlrf&hr Cbrs
'i'-ii!lili!lii
We are pajring good prices
for hides.
ARIZONA JUNK CO.
' Lowell, Arizona.
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
THE CORPORATION SERVICE COMPANY
121 So. Central Ave. Phoenix, Arizona.
We specialize in Incorporating, Organizing and
Corporate Auditing and Supervise Meetings of Stock
holders and Directors of Corporations.
Write for Booklet "System and the Corporation-'
. P. O. Box 277R, Phoenix, Arizona.
Fair List Prices
Time Tested - Road Tested
BLACK SAFETY TREAD TIRES
i
mm
I'fM i ii, i i.ai jiu ili a nm m
"i"r iifliii mm. .Vitiait aTTra -di tt -r-tr
y-TT1 Tr'iJ il'T'- ''.!( -TT riqr - TT
UNDREDS of thousands of tire users from the
pioneer days of the automobile, acclaim
Goodrich Tires the TESTED TIRES of
America on the TEST of TIME.
Eut the Road Test is the Goodrich Test for
its Tires.
Six fleets of Goodrich Test Cars in six widely differer.
sections of our country, are daily putting the ROAD
TEST to Goodrich Tiroes to bring out the BEST in
tires for you.
The Dixie Fleet , The Pacific Fleet, The Mountain
Fleetr-The Prairie Feef. Th Lake Fleet; The
Atlantic Fleet.
ALL belabor Goodrich Tir against every kind oi
road and every kind of climatic handicap.
Millions of miles the average of the combined fleets is
300,000 miles a week thus settle the durability crd
resilience of the Goodrich principle of the UNIT
MOLD, unbroken cure, Goodrich has always main
tained was BEST for fabric tires.
Buy this TESTED certainty of a lasting tire, backed up
by Goodrich Fair Treatment, in Goodrich Black
Safety Treads.
THE B. F. GOODRICH CO.
Akron, Ohio
r.iKxlrich hKo mull the f.irmms SHvTfownCnrrls
the tire iii h won tl 101ft Rw-iug C.hnmpHmship
Also the Rett TubrtPnmn arid Gray
LOCAL BRANCH ADDRESS
mm tBo Im TUm Ska V
Cuati IV-. - St.. mi 7
'Best in the Long Hun?
PHONE 5-
WE SELL GOODRICH TIRES
BISBEE AUTO CO.
(The Pioneer Garage)
MAIN STREE SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JUNE 17, 1917.
-1
. i
t
t
'J
! Mining and Financial News
I
BY XCVIEW -.EASED WIRE
(By Review Leased Wire).
NEW YORK. June 16. Business in
today's brief sessifpis was perfunctory,
specialties and low priced rails com
prising an unusually large percentage
of the relatively small turnover.
United States Steed reacted more
than a point and made almost full re
corery.but losr ground again In the
final operations. American Sugar de
clined almost two and copper was
lethargic. Total sales 2S0.000 shares.
There-was some misgiving regarding
the money. situation and, this feeling
was accentuated after the publication
cf the bank statement which disclosed
a further actual decrease of almost
$15,000,000 in reserves. This leaves
excess reserves at about ,$54,000,000,
the lowest level of the year but con
siderably above the minimum report
ed during the early part of last De
cember. Bonds were irregular, total sales,
par value, $750,000.
Tnited Spates regular issues declin
ed - to 1 per cent on call during the
week.
CHICAGO GRAINS.
CHICAGO, June 16. Increased of
ferings of new wheat from t"exas had
a bearish influence on prices today.
The finish was unsettled at to 14
COLLINS
and
BRETHERTON
Specializing, in
JEME
AND
Batman
Stocks
JACK BUILDING,
MALN ST. PHONE 26
net decline with July at 221 and
September at 195V4. Corn closed un
changed to 1 cent higher, oats a shade
off to cents up, and provisions at
an advance of 10 to 22.
Down turns in wheat began at the
outset. One of the reasons was a cur
rent estimate that as much as 60,000,
000 bushels still remained in the Unit
ed States for export before July 1, not
counting bread and seed requirements.
Bearish sentiment was Increased by
word that new wheat was being mov
ed in Texas at a cost less than for old
wheat.
Corn rose sharply as a result of
active commission house demand.
Frost reports and seaboard demand
gave firmness to oats. Crop advices
remained favorable.
Liberal warehouse stocks depressed
provisions for a time but later a de
cided rally took place.
' METAL MARKET.
NEW YORK, June 16. Lead quiet;
copper quiet;' electrolytic, spot and
nearby 3334; third quarter and later
deliveries 295032; bar silver 77. .
NEW YORK, June 16. There were
alternating periods of weakness and
strength but as dealings were large
ly professional price changes were
not material. The successful placing
of the Liberty Loan has not appar
ently induced the optimism that many
anticipated, it is now believed that
much buying- of securities which
otherwise would perhaps have pre
vailed has now been diverted into
the government loan channel with the
result that it may take quite a while
before a new volume of public buying
can be stimulated. The chief topic
of discussion at present is the money
situation. There have been very
large expansions of loans and much
shifting of funds will attend the fin
ancial dealings of the next two or
three weeks. A flurry is not only
likely but highly probable and we
believe that that phase of things will
have a tendency to not only hold the
stock market in check but also to
provoke much scattered liquidation.
Closing Quotations, June 16. 1917.
(By L. J. Overlock.)
NEW YORK.
Anaconda 84 '4
American Can 50
American Car 73
American Locomotive ... 72
American Smelter 107
American Sugar 1214
Atchison 102
B. & O .' 73
Baldwin 65
C. & 0 60
c. r. & i
Canadian Pacific
Central Leather
Crucible Steel
Distillers
Erie
Goodrich Rutber
General Motors
Industrial Alcohol
Mercantile Marine
Mercantile Marine Pfd
Maxwell
Mid vale Steel
Mexican Petroleum
New York Central ......
Northern Pacific ,
Pennsylvania
Reading
Republic Steel and Iron ....
United States Rubber
Studebaker
United States Steel
United States Steel Pfd . . .
St. Paul
Southern Uacific
Union Pacific
United Fruit
United States Metals
Westinghouse
53
159
96
81
22
2G--6
111
166
2S
83
49
64
9S
92
104
53
97
92
61
82
'131
117
75
95
137
BOSCTON.
Adventure
Allouei
Ariz. Commercial
Alaska
American Zinc
Butte
Calumet and Arizona ..
Calument and Hecla . .
Chief Range
Chino
East Butte
Granby
Gold field Consolidated ..
Goldfield
Hancock
Indiana
Inspiration
Kennecott
Keweenaw
Lake ... ..
LaSalle
Miami
Mohawk
Mayflower
Nevada
NipiBsing
North Butte
Old Dominion ...
Oscola
Pond Creek
Quincy
Ray
Shattuck
Shannon
Superior Boston . .
St Marys
Utah
Utah Consolidated
Winona
60
52
2
62
14
5
32
42
80
535
62
57
12
85
44
50
14
2
64
46
1
13
3
41
92
2
24
7
18
60
90
28
86
29
26
8
5
81
111
16
3
Bisbee Copper
Butte and London . .
Calumet & Joronu . .
I Cornelia
Crystal
j Con. Ariz ,
. Consolidated Copper
I Deim
Dundee .
I Emma
Fortuna
Federal Oil
Gadsden
Grand Island
Green Monster
Howe Sound
Hecla
Hull ... .:
Inspiration Needles .
Jerome Verde
Jerome Victor
Magma Copper
Magma Chief
Miami Con
Monster Chief
Pittsburgh Jerome ...
Ray Here
Santa Rita
Tom Reed
United Eastern
United Western ... .
Verde Extension ...
Verde Combination .
Wolverine Arizona . .
White Caps
20
20
16
1
2
6'4
IS
IV.
1
9
4
2
20
1
5
8
32
1
Ti
44
28
12
3
4,092 MEN TO ARMY
OF STATE AND NATION
Adjutant General Prepares
Table Which 'Shojvs Quota
cf Every County In State
To Be Furnished Through
Draft
furth.-r secured by draft, if ru-rei.-ary.
of any counties in tlie state. If the
recruiting from those countins con
tinues at the same rate it is probable
that no draft will be necessary from
Mohave and Coconino to fill Hip Ari
iVna regiment.
Twenty-five more recruits came
down from te north Friday. They
are from Kingman, Oatnian and Chrol
ide. in Mohave county. They are now
in Xaco. They brought word that ot j
er recruits are to follow in a few days.
Only about forty or fifty more men
are needed fi)m Mohavn county to fill
its quota.
Cholera Morbus.
This is a very painful and dangerous
ciisea.'-e. In altruist every neighbor
hood someone has died from it before
medicine could be obtained or a physi
cian summoned. The right way is to
have a bottle of Chamberlain's Colic
and Diarrhoea liemedy in the house
s 83 to be prepared for it. Mrs.
Charles Knyeart. Huntington, . lnd
writes: 'During the rummer of 1911
two of my children were taken sick
with cholera morbus. I used Chamber
lain's Colic and Diarrhoea Remedy and
it gave them immediate relief." Adv. .
CURBS.
Arkansas and Arizona 18
Austin Amazon
Big Jim
Big Ledge ' 2
OATMAN
(By Collins & Brctherton.)
Bid
Argo
Adams .04
Arizona Rex'
Ariz-Tom R 03
Big Jim 75
Boundary Cone 02
Fessenden
Gold Reed
'Gold Cliff
Lucky Boy 03
Merry Widow
Oatman Combination ...
Sunnyside 06
Telluride
Tom Reed 1.70
United Eastern 4.25
United Northern 02
Tnited Western 02
Red Lion
OTHER CURBS.
Gadsden 2.00
Green Monster 1.00
Butte London 20
Dundee 1.25
Venture Hill
Pitts-Jerome 50
Jerome Verde 1.75
Ark-Arizona 13
Jerome Portland
Hull Copper 32
Inspiration Needles 12
Maema Chief 2S
Wolv-Arizona 1.75
Miami Mother Lode
Verde Combination .50
Miami Consolidated 12
2 1
3S '
1 ;
I
I
I
Ask ;
.06
.05
.23;
.07 1
.05;
.05 ,
.15
.or ;
.10;
.06 j
.09 1
.20
i
4.50 j
.06
.03
.20!
2.06
1.06
.22
1.50
.10
.75
1.81
.22
.10
.38
.18
.35
2.00
.50
.75
. -15
I
Adjutant General Harris, of the Ari
zona national guard, has prepared a
table showing the number of Arizona's
qu'ota to the armed forces of tiie Unit
ed States and the number that must
be raised by each of the counties. Ari
zona's quota by counties for the se
lective draftarmy is not based on the
registration from earn county, but has
been fixed by the war department.
The quota for the state is 3.363,
which, with the number of men to be
raised for the First Arizona infantry
by draft at the time of the selective
draft, which is 639. will make the to-:
tal quota, fjr the state 4.002. To this '
may be added about 600 more for the
reserve, making the total number of
men to be raised in this state, 4.60.
Following is the table, the first col
umn of figures being the number of
men now in the First Arizona infan
try; the second column the number re
quired to fill existing ocmpanies from
counties in which there are- tympan
ies, and the last column the number to
be furnished accorcMng to the census,
including 2,000 for the new army and
minus the men already enlisted:
Maricopa 167 658 524
Coconino 15 150 68
Cochise 84 261 721
Yuma 47 150 109
Pima 49 333 388
Green!e 47 150 240
Yavapai 27 ... 230
Pinal .....25 i50 114
Cila 27 ... 18
Graham . , 19 150 159
Navajo 18 ... 184
Apache l2 ... 137
Mohave 12 ... 45
Santa Cruz . 126
Totals' 639 2,002 3,363
Coconino and Mohave counties lead
in the number 'ot men enlisted in the
First Arizona infantry, and therefore
have the lowest quota of men to be
Risbee Copper 50 .62
Butte Arizona .03
Santa Cruz Bisbee .27
Jerome Daisy .50
Nacozarl Consolidated ... .42
Cn'timet Oil .32
Verde Apex .20
Feather River Gold Mines Co., Inc.
ONLY A LIMITED AMOUNT OF STOCK NOW
SELLING AT 25c PER SHARE.
See exhibit of gold from famous Feather River in
Sasses Store window Main Street and for full parti
;ulars, call, write or phone ROOM 14, PHILADELPHIA
HOTEL, O K Street, Eisbee.
TO THE EAST
Daily to September 30th. Final return limit Octo!
ber 3 1st.
TO CALIFORNIA
Daily to September 30th. Final return limit No
vember 30th.
"THE LODGE" CLOUDCROFT
Open Now. Special round trip fares on sale daily
to September 15th. Final return limit Sept 30th.
Low round trip fares will be in effect providing
liberal stopovers Diverse Routes.
Ask your agent for full partidars. He will glad
ly help you plan your trip" and make your Pullman
reservations.
Or Address.
GARNETT KING,
General Pass. Agent, El Paso, Texts.
NSKJpEL PASO BREWING ASSjVfflif '
HERE
TheOrinkYouHave
3
S 1 TP
LooKffigror
eee
A pare, cereal, non-intoxicating beverage whicn can be sold without a
government license and in full accordance with national regulations gov
erning army camps
NT4 Pel paso brewing Ass'NWjLif'
E
1
TO TIDE YOU OVER THE BUST
ERING DAYS OF SUMMER,
KEEP A CASE OF BRAVO AL
WAYS HANDY. COOL WITH ICE
AND DRINK FREELY. IT IS NON
INTOXICATING, YET VIGOROUS,
REFRESHING AND EXHILARATING.
FOR SOLDIER AND CIVILIAN,
BRAVO FILLS THE NEED FOR
A NON-INTOXICATING DRINK.
QUENCHES THIRST, RELIEVES FA
TIGUE AND PUTS VIM INTO WORK
OR PLEASURE. BRAVO IS A DRINK
FOR EVERYBODY.
c
1
S.4 f El PASO BREWING ASS'NtnA
Bravo will be widely distributed through soda fountains, groceries, drug stores and dealers
in general. For the convenience of the public, it is put up in cases, casks and barrels.
Bravo is manufactured from pure selected grain and made under strictly sanitary conditions
On Sale at the Best Soda Fountains
Buy it by the Dozen From Your Grocer
Distributed By
J
PHONE 110
BUYERS
mm mm Em kmji ki n r.i m m h
0
mm 0
X 1 ZL PASO BREWING ASSNHJ L-
' . flMSO.tfX 'VWA THE B1SBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JUNE 17, 1917.
SEVEN
i
-
A
J
: A
7
4
k
i
.
1
,1
1
Review Want Ads
Advertisements under thuiead at the rate of 1 cent, per word for eact
um with a mttiimnm charg J of 25 cents. Advertisements mnst reach Tin
ftevlew office not later than t p. m. for insertion in tne, next motntng paper
Wanted
SALESMAN Capable specialty man
for Arizona; staple line on new and
exceptional terms; vacancy now; at
tractive commission contract; $35.00
weekly for expenses. Miles F. Bix
ler Co., 724 Carlin Bldg.. Cleveland,
Ohio. 969
SALESMEN Do you want a real, live
up-to-date side line? Especially good
for small towns; commissions paid
same day merchant acknowledges
receipt of g'oods. . Pioneer Novelty
Company, 1306 Wells street, Chicago.
968
SIDE LINE MEN Do you want a real
one that one order a day will pay
you $9.00? No samples to carry;
something new. Write today. Can
field Mfg. Co.. 208 Sigel street, Chi
cago, III. 970
WANTED A farm hand. Apply Mar
ten Ranch. 785
WANTED Furniture and oil stove.
Green 696. 773
WANTE7D To rent or buy, a four or
five-room modern house. Call Rack
et Jewelry. Brewery Gulch. 929
WANTED Anyone having manganese
ore property to dispose of, please ad
dress Box 2466, Bisbee, or Telephone
49. 941
WANTED Bellboy wanted at Copper
Queen hotel. 911
WANTED Practical nursing. Review
&. 904
WMNTED By practical nurse, posi
tion In private family or otherwise.
Phone Blue 834. 868
WANTED Furnished house of three
or four rooms in or near Lowell. Ad
dress P. Y Box 3675. 866
t
WANTED First-class auto mechanic,
one familiar with all branches of
the business; married man pre
ferred; only A-l mechanics need ap
ply; good wages to the right man;
all applications confidential. Box
46, Review. 780
WANTED Painting and paper hang
ing. Ed Bennett, P. O. Box W Low
ell. 423
WANTED Plain or fancy sewing, by
fashionable dressmaker. Men's shirts
a specialty; work guaranteed. 102
Higgina Hill. 904
For Rent
FOR RENT Three-room furnished
house. Apply 30 Montana, j'ohnston
Addition. 788
FOR RENT One four-room furnished
house; no children. If taken soon,
rent reasonable. O K street 57 A.
939
FOR RENT Ten-room house, electric
lights; good cellar. Apply 113 Du
bacher Canyon. 840
FOR RENT Store room at State
Highway hotel, near Bropby Garage,
Lowell. 912
FOR RENT In Johnston Addition,
furnished flat, all modern conven
iences; good location; reliable party
desired, no children. Inquire 41 J.
E-jF. street, Johnston Add., Monday,
Iatieen hours 2 p. m. and 5 p. m.
(I "6
FCfR RENT Two-room house; close
if i Tombstone canyon. Inquire 58
Quality Hill. 972
FOR RENT Three-room house in Don
Luis. Inquire Mrs. Fred Sweeney.
11 Montana street, Johnson Add. 972
To Exchange
FOR EXCHANGE A furnished three
room cottage with all modern im
provements, in one of the best resi
dence districts of Los Angeles; large
lawn and bearing fruit trees; on
car line. Wanted, good automobile
or property in Warren District. C.
V. Lisman, Box 1185, Bisbee. 790
WILL trade 500 to 1,000 shares Louisiana-Arizona
Copper for equal num
ber shares Jerome-Portland Ctoppor
Co. C. H.. Review office. 977
PETEY DINK She Should
For Sale
FOR SALE Roadster, in good condi
tion; car can be seen at L'jwell Mo
tor Co. 976
FOR SALE Six-room modern house
and bath, with large lot. on Vista,
in Warren. Mrs. J. Butler. 788
FOR SALE: Mountain homestead re
linquishment for $500. Take 1917
Ford as part payment good cow
range, good water supply. Address
Cowman, Review. 975
FOR SALE--A piano, $50 if taken at
once. 26 Tombstone canyon. - 974
FOR SALE Gtood furniture at a bar
gain. Four-room modern house for
rent. Inquire at 126 1-2 Quarry can
yon. 979
FOR SALE 1915 Ford roadster body.
Harry Fisher, lion Luis. 978
FOR SALE Building lot, 75 feet from
carline. Tombstone canyon, $125. B.
Review. 943
FOR SALE Four-room house, lot and
furniture, $600.00; terms; no inter
est .T. H., Review. 944
FOR SALE Desirable partly modern
five-room house. Upper Tombstone
canyon. Address Box 44, Bisbee. 930
FOR SALE White Leghorn laying
hens. Call evenings tor Sunday be
fore noon. Willirims Hill, Upper
.Tombstone canyon. H. C. Rolfe. 93
FOR SALE Ford roadster, good con
dition; a bargain, $225 cash. In
quire Hood & Bledsoe, Johnson Ad
dition. j 908
FOR SALE 150 cement blocks, a bar
gain. Address D. F., Review. 907
FOR SALE House and furniture, 49
J. E. T. street, Johnson AdditJon. For
particulars epply premises. George
Metzell. . 871
FOR SALJ5 Jersey milch cow, just
fresh; half-mile east Osborn, or Box
152, Bisbee. 872
FOR SALE: Rooming house, cheap.
Call Phone 816.
tiTJRNITURE FOR SALE The John
on Addition Furniture Co. wants
to pay you the highest cash prices
for your socond hand furniture. A!
so wants to trade or exchange you
new fnrniture for your old. We will
ell you furniture cheaper than
anybody on easy payments. Cali
in at the big brick building at the
Johnson Addition and let as show
you oar large and selected stock ol
bouse furnisnliigs, or phone as at
our store. Phone 38S, Johnson Ad
dltiOB
FOR SALE Best bargain in Warren,
nine-room house, fine location: suit
able for family that wishes to take
roomers. Terms cash. Phone 463
between 7 a. m. and 4 p. m. 874
FOR SALE Four-room bouse aod two
cabins, with garden on same lot;
bringing stood interest; $30.00
monthly; $900.00 cash. Inquire O.
K. Street Soft Drink Parlor. 883
Miscellaneous
THE Blackburn System is the quickest
and most thorough taught anywhere.
Including Dress-cutting, Designing,
Pattern-making and Dressmaking.
The full cousse will make you pro
ficient and equip you to teach these
branches. Room 4, Maze Bldg., Miss
Grant 926
JISBEE Mattress Upholstering Works
Johnson Addition. We make new
mattresses; old ones made over as
gotod as new; old mattress called foi
and delivered same day. We also
make the roll feather mattress. We
do upholstering and furniture repair
ing; free delivery. Phone 734. 7
$50,000 to loan on Improved city prop
erty or for building, on easy terms
of rayment T. A. Hughes, over
Bank o. Bisbee. 697
DROP A CARD to the Guarantee
Paint & Wall Paper Co. for all
kinds of work in our line. Pat Clea
ry. manager Box 1495. Pbone 720.
Have Picked Another Pattern
DESERVES GOLD
MEDAL FOR THIS
Cincinnati authority tells how
to dry up a corn so it
lifts out
Ycu ccrn-pestered men and women
need suffer no longer. Wear the shoes
that nearly killed you before, says this
Cincinnati authority, because a few
drops of freezone applied directly tin a
tender, aching corn stops soreness at
once and soon the corn loosens so it
can be lifted out root and all, wlthou
pain.
A quarter of an ounce of freestone
osts very little at any drug store, but
is sufficient to take off every hard or
soft corn or callus. This should be
tried, as it is inexpensive and is said
not to inflame or even irritate the sur
rounding tissue or skin.
(Advertisement-)
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
Furnished Rooms
FOR RENT Two furnished house
keeping rooms. 50 Brewery Gulch.
792
FOR RENT Three-itoom furnished
apartment Inquire O K Cash store.
O K street 791
FOR RENT Cool furnished room.
Wilson .17 Quality. 789
FOR RENT Two furnished rctonis for
light housekeeping. 42 Jiggerville.
967
FOR RENT Two rooms, well fur
nished for light housekeeping. 80
Moon avenue. Phone 645. J. W.
Glover. 783
FOR RENT Furnished room with
sleeping porch ltor two gentlemen.
Castle Hill. 784
FOR RENT Two nicely furnisehd
rooms for housekeeping; second
house fitom street. 143 A, Dubachei
canyon. 927
FOR RENT Two-room furnished
housekeeping apartment Quality
Hill, back of Doyle House. Mrs. Ar
gyle. 928
FOR RENT Three furnished rooms;
close in. Phone Blue 562. 93-?
FOR RENT Two large, well-furnished
housekeeping rooms; lights and wat
er. 163 Opera Drive. 933
FOR RENT Two furnished light
housekeeping rooms. 31 Montane
street, Johnson Addition. 936
FOR RENT Two nicely furnished
housekeeping rooms for rent 12 Jig
gerville. 93g
FOR RENT Three-room furnished
apartment with bath and sleeping
porch in Warren. 681. 912
FOR RENT One room. Grand View
hotel, School Hill. 906
FOR RENT One apartment for rent.
Brooks Apartments, O. K. street 893
FOR RENT Two rtoonis for house
keeping or sleeping. Clarkston
House, South Bisbee. 848
FOR RENT Two large, cool, fur
nished housekeeping rooms, large
porch, light and gas; cheap to right
party.- 153 B, Temby, opposite Bal
gay House. 847
MOOSE HOTEL Furnished roomr
$2.00 per week and up. 40f
FOR RENT Furnished rooms for
housekeeping. H. Rourke, 16 Tate
Hill, Johnson Addition. 867
LOST
LOST -One malachite brooch, between
Eagle theater and O K street Find
re please address J. B., Review. Re
ward. 787
Miscellaneous
COX CO. loans $5 to $50 without se
curity to men or women in perma
nent positions. NT) honest wag
earner refused, easiest weekly oi
monthly payments, cheapest rates
also loans on furniture, pianos, etc
Confidential, quick service. See ut
if you need money. New Lyri
Theatre Bldg., Room 2, Pbone 794
821
li 1 1 I l-"ir7AxT. v..."-" V 7'T7
FEATHER RIVER
GOLD MINES CO.
A prominent Mining Engineer and
Geologist makes the following com
ments on the Mining situation, which
strike the nail on the head:
"A modern mine may be aptly lik
ened to a great manufacturing concern,
with its ccMs and markets firmly es
tablished and orders placed for its en
tire 'output Ore blocked out and in
reserve may be as closely computed
as so many automobiles in a ware
house ready for shipment to dealers.
"The gold mine has this advantage:
Gold is always worth $20.67 an ounce;
its market is always made; its demand
always exceeds its supply; it doesn't
need to advertise its quality; it has no
'good will' to charge back against its
cost of pitoductibn ; it stands on its own
feet and sells on its merits.
"Get into the good gold stocks, be
they dividend payers or prospects but
get in NOW. Be careful in the selec
tion of your broker or investment ad
viser. Demand the important facts in
connection with the company's person
nel, property rights, assets, etc. Be
chary of lurid literature and exaggerat
ed claims. Be as careful in making
your mining investments as you are in
buying industrials, and you'll soon be
on the road to wealth. But be an op
portunistdon't .wait too long and
make the fatal mistake of buying at
the top and again selling at the bot
tom." The Feather River Gold Mines are
ii'ot In the Prospect Class, and neither
do we claim for them full development
We do claim and know that they have
produced gold and have produced in
sufficient quantities for a number of
years to have kept the former opera
tor of tbem In comfort. His method
of extracting the gold was a very crude
affair, but in his crude way we ki-'jw
that he took something over $90,000
out of the property within a certain pe
riod, and in addition to this a large
amount more; the exact amount would
be difficult to determine, but we know
that it was very large. These proper
ties will be producing gold in another
sixty days, and the investors who get
in now are getting in on more than a
Prospect They are getting In oh a
proven porperty. We are not making
any extravagant claims for the prop
erty, and we are not flooding the coun
try with fancy literature, but the com
pany will guarantee that subscribers
to the small amount of stock being of
fered will be given a good run for their
money.
The stock is now selling and every
one who has subscribed to the stock
has been more than favorably im
pressed with the opportunity, and the
pitospect for a substantial return on
their investment. '
The stock is selling at 25c per share,
and may be handled on monthly, pay
ments of one-fourth down and the bal
ance in 1, 2 and 3 months.
This is one of the GOOD STOCKS
and you should have some of it
FEATHER RIVER GOLD
MINES COMPANY, INC
Room 14 Philadelphia Hotel
O K Street Phone 329
Or
Sasses' Candy Story
Main Street Phone 200
i Adv. 78"i
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING QUICK RESULTS
PIPE
PIPE
PIPE
100.000 ft new ana seoand hand pipe
and casing. Pipe '4, . 1. 1V4. 2.
3. 4. 4'. 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11
12. 15-inrh.
Casing 3. 3 1-4, 3'i. 4. 4 1-4, 4'4.
5, 6'4, 6. 8. 10. 11, 12. 14-inch; 500 ft.
5 5-8-inch. 20 lb. ten thread.
Riveted pipe 4, 6, 8, 10, 12, 14, 16
18-inch. - I
All above pipe and ca.siiig is practi j
-ally as good as new, wit'i good threads i
and couplings on each joint. We also;
carry valves and fittings, pumps, en- j
Sines, boilers and ralL See our stock
and get prices before buying else
where. 26.000 feet 114 inch black pine in
first clans conditior; new threads an.ljzona; Fred W. Patterson, of Buena. i
couplings on each joii.t. i
9 joints of 16-iach No. 10 guaee'
stovepipe casing, new, $2.25 per foot.
ADAMS PIPE WORKS
Bay and Mateo Sti., Los Angeles, Cat
Phones F1917 Bdwy. 1264.
'LEGION OF HONOR'
WILL BE FEATURE OF
JULY FOURTH PARADE
One of the features of the big cele
bration to he staged in this city July
4. will be the parade in the morning.
F. E. Bennett, chairman of the parade
committee, promises that the pageant
will be one of the largest and best
ever held here. There will be two big
bodies of marchers in line, the "Leg
ion of Honor" and the Red Cross. The
"Legion of Honor" will be made up
of all men between the ages of 21
and 30 who regstered June 5 for pos
sible service in Uncle Sam's big draft
army. Every man who registered
will be urged to be In line in order to
prove that Bisbee stands ready to
furnish its full quota of men for the
armies that will be 'sent to Europe.
In the Red Cross section every mem
ber of the local chapter will march,
and at the conclusion of the campagn
which will start tomorrow, hundreds
of new members will have. been addeJ
to the enrollment of the local chapter.
At least 500 persons are expected to
march in the Red Cross section.
The parade will not alone be made
up of these two sections, however, as
every man, woman and child in the
district will be invited to march. From
all indications the Fourth of July pa
rade will be several miles in length
and one of the best proofs yet of the
fact that this part of the country, as
every other, is ready and willing to do
its bit in America's war against mil
itarism. SUMMERING AT REDONDO BEACH
WILL DELIGHT THE WHOLE FAM
ILY. Plenty of good hotels, cottages
and apartments. The Famous Tent
City "by the sea" is now open. Com
pletely equipped tents for housekeep
ing, close to stores, amusements and
famous Endless Pleasure Pier, on!
can live as cheaply at Redondo as at
..u.. .,.amnioin oancing pavmon. nei a judgment and decree of fore
finest on coast. Largest salt water ,,,,. , . , ,, . .
Plunge in western America. Plav-1 clo8Iure f lien and sale
ground for the. tots with swings and 8aln8t Henry Outley and Florida
numerous healthful diversions. Picnic '. Outley. defendants, on the 8th day of
grounds under shady trees. Redondo i February ,1917, for the sum of Four
Beach .is famous the world over for) Hundred Sixty-nine and No.-lOO
its deep sea and pier fishing, its surf ; ($469) Dollars, with interest from
bathing and invigorating summer cli-,aate of Judgment at rate of tel.
sTto i&rzf&s? rh rm pa,d- :
chase tickets direct to Redondo Beach. j 8ides aI1 Iurther accruing costs and
For folder write. Chamber of ; Com- Interest 1 am commanded to sell
merce. Redondo Beach, Cali.
LEGAL NOTICES
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the Interior.
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Ari
zona. May 21, 1917.
NOTICE is herehv riven that Pev.
tton C. Andrews, of Hereford, Arizona,
who, on November 18, 1912., male i tne county recorder of said County
Homestead Entry No. 01573, for N. E I Cochise. State of Arizona.
14. Section 32, Township 23 S.. Rangt j Public notice is hereby given that
22 E., G. & S. R. B & Meridian, has ! on Wednesday, the 20th day of June,
filed notice of Intention to make three 1317, at 2 o'clock P. M. of that day.
year proof ,to establish claim to the 1 front of the court house door of
and above described, before Jarcd D. the County of Cochise, State of Ari
faylor, V. S. Cntmissfbner, Bisbee, zona, by will In obedience to said
rizona, on the 30th day of June, 1917. ' pecial execution and decree of, fore
Claimant r.ames vi witnesses: closure of mortgage Hen and sale,
Adolph C. HInters, Charles A. Mar sell the above described property, or
in, Frederick J. Murrell, all of Hert- ' so much thereof as may be necessary
ord, Arizona; Gus Haigler, of Bisbee. to satisfy said Judgment with Inter
Arizona.
J. L. IRVIN,
Register.
First publication, May 29, 1917.
Last publication, June 30, 1917.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior.
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Ari-1
zona. May 21, 1917.
NOTICE is hereby given that Minnie
M. Mulligan, widow of Thomas Mulli
gan, of Buena. Arizona, who, on June
9. 1914, made lltomestcad Entry No
025278, for N. E. V4. Section 13. Town
ship 22 S.. Range 20 E., G. & S. R. B
& Meridian, has filed notice of inten j
tion to make three year proof, to estab !
lish claim to the land above described !
before Jared D. Taylor, U. S. Commis '.
sioner, at Bisbee, Arizona, on the 2Stb
day of June, 1917.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Oliver Fry, tof Ft. Huachuca, Ari !
zona; Samuel T. Pyaett of Buena. Art
Arizona; Fred C. Cook, of Bisbee, Ari
zona
J. L. IRVIN
Jlegister.
First publication. May 29. 1917.
Last publication, June 30, 1917.
NOTICE.
To the Qualified Electors of Cochise
Ctounty, State of Arizona:
Notice is hereby given that a peti
tion ia on file in my office purporting
to be signed by the qualified electors
of said county to the number of Four
Thousand Five Hundred Six (4,506),
being not less than thirty-thre'e and
one-third per cent of the qualified
electors of the county computed ac
cording to law, praying that the coun
ty seat of said county be removed
from the place where it is now fixel,
and that an election be held to deter
mine the question of such removal,
and to what place the same shall be
removed (or that the question of such
removal and the place to which the
same shall be removed be submitted
to the qualified electors tof said county
at the next general election of the
county officers), and that said petition
will be considered by the board of su
pervisors of said county at the meet
ing to be held at Tombstone, in said
county, on the second day of July.
1917, at 10 O'clock a. m., at which time
and place any qualified elector of said
county may appear In person 'or by
counsel and be beard.
A. C. KARGER,
Clerk of the Board of Supervisors of
Cochise County, Arizona.
Dated June 11. 1917.
First publication June 14. 1917.
SHERIFF'S NOTICE Or SALil.
No. 1542.
n the Superior Court of the State of
Arizona in and for the County of
Cochise.
. W. McCall, Plaintiff, vs. Henry Out
ley and Florida Outley, Defendants.
Under and by virtue of special exe
ution and decree of foreclosure of
mortgage lien and sale issued out of
he Superior Court of the State of Ari
ona in and for the County of Cochise
' n the 12th day of May, 1917, in the
bove entitled action, wherein S. W
McCall. the above named plaintiff, ob-
1 that certain real estate particularly
I described as follows: Lots No. 15,
1 16. 17. 18, 19, 20, 21 and 22. in Block
! No. 145. situated in Douglas, County
j of Cochise, Territory of Arizona (no
'! State of Arizona), as bounded and
. described upon a map, entitled "Map
'of Douglas Townsite by E. G. Howe,
C. dated? January 12. 1901. as
I amended," and filed In the office of
jest cost and accruing cost to . the
highest and best bidder for cash in
lawful money of the United States.
Dated at Tombstone. Arizona,
this
25th day of May. 1917.
HARRY C. WHEELER,
Sheriff.
GUT C. WELCH,
Chief Deputy.
First publication. May 26. 1917.
Last publication, June 20, 1917.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the Interior.
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Arizona,
May 21, 1917.
NOTICE is hereby given that Floy
Wesley Sperow, of Hereford, Arizona.
u-hn nn Aiitiiu C 1019 Mov 0 1 01 i
made Homestead Entries, No. 019030,
No. 025072, for SE. 1-4, NE. 1-4. SW
1-4, Lots 3 and 4, SE. 1-4. NW. 1-4. Sec- (
tion 1. Township 23 S.. Range 21 E., G.
ft S. R. B. & Meridian, has filed no-
tice of intention tto make three-year
' proof, to establish claim to the land
above described, before W. A. Fowler,
U. S. Commissioner, at Tombstons,
j Arizona, on the 12th day of July. 1917.
I Claimant names as witnesses: Wait-
ert Reay, of Hereford, Arizona; G. J.
McCabe, of Hereford, Arizona; C. V.
Boardman, of Garces, Arizona; C. D.
Lesuer, of Hereford, Arizona.
J. L. IRVIN.
Register.
First publication June , 1917.
Last publication July 12. 1917.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the Interior.
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Arizona,
May 21. 1917.
NOTICE is hereby given that Rob
ert Reay, Jr., of Hereford, Arizona,
who, ton November 5. 1913, August 12,
1914. made Homestead Entries No.
023692. No. 025586, for NW. 1-4 and
NE. i-4. Sections 11 and 10, Township
23 S.. Range 21 E., G. & S. R. B. &
Meridian, has filed notice of intention
to make three-year proof, to establish
claim to the land above described, be
fore W. A. Fowler, U. S. Commission
er, at Tombstone, Arizona, on the 12th
day of July. 1917. -
Claimant names as witnesses: Floy
Wesley Sperow, of Hereford, Arizona;
G. J. McCabe, of Hereford, Arizona;
C. B. Boardman, of Garces, Arizona; C.
D. Lesueur, tot Hereford, Arizona.
J. L. IRVIN.
Register.
First publication June 9. 1917.
Last publication July 12. 1917.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the Interior.
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix. Ari
zona. May 21, 1917.
NOTICE is hereby given that Ed
ward J. Mitchell, of Dob Luis, Arizona,
who, on October 9, 1912, made Home
tend Entry No 019468, for S. W. 4.
Section 30, Township 23 Range 24
E, G. & S. R. B. ft Meridian, has filed
otlce of intention to make three year
roof, to establish claim to the land
bove described, before Jared D. Tay
or, U. S. Commissioner, at Bisbee, Art
on a, on the 29th day of June, 1917.
Claimant names as witnesses:
James B. Smith, of Warren, Aristona;
Joseph H. Branch, of Don Luis, Ari
ona; Richard Brandon, of Don Lais.
Arizona; William Eberling. of Naco,
Arizona. ,
J. L. IRVIN,
Register.
First publication. May 29. 1917.
Last publication, June 30, 1917.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the Interior.
U. S. Laud Office at Phoenix, Ariztona,
May 28, 1917.
NOTICE is hereby given that Annie
McGowan, formerly Annie Clinton, of
Hereford. Arizona, who, on October 24.
1914. made Hd Entry 025894. for N. E.
1-4, and April 22, 1915, made Addl En
try 027283. for N. W. 1-4. Section 15.
Township 24 S.. Range 22 E, G. ft S.
R. ft Meridian, has filed notice of in
tention to make three years proof, fl
establish claim to the land above de
scribed, before Jared D. Taylor. U. S.
Commissioner, at Bisbee, Arizona, on
the 5th day of July, 1917.
Claimant names as witnesses: Mich
ael Foudy, Michael McDonald. William
F. Cowan, all (3) of Bisbee, Arizona;
Frank C. Cobbe, of Hereftord. Arizona.
J. L. IRVIN,
Register.
First publication, June 2, 1917.
NOTICE OF HEARING PETITION.
In the Superior Court of Cochise Coun
ty. State of Arizona.
In the Matter of the Estate of Mary A.
Engasser, Deceased:
Notice is hereby given that Philip
Engasser has filed in this court a cer
tain document purporting to be the
last "Will and Testament of Mary A.
Engasser, together with his petition
praying that said document be admit
ted to probate in this court as the last
Will and Testament of said Mary A.
Engasser, whto, said petitioner alleges,
is deceased, and that letters of admin
istration with the will annexed issue
theroen to said petitioner, and that
same will be heard on Saturday, the
30th day of June. A. D. 1917. at 10:00
o'clock in the forenoon of said day, at
the court room of said court, in the
court house, in the City tof Tombstone.
County of Cochise, State of Arizona,
and all persons interested In said es
tate are notified then and there to ap-
near and show cause, if any they have,
why the prayer of said petitioner
should not be granted.
J. E. JAMES.
Clerk.
By J. L. ALLEN.
Deputy Clerk.
Dated June 111917.
First publication June 14. 1917.
BvCA.VOIGHT EIGHT
THEATRE
Continuous 1:15 To 10:30
CRANE WILBUR
The Handsomest Man On The Screen In
TheS
Code'
A Story of a Single Code of Morals For Man And Woman.
A "WILBUR MADE" PICTURE WRITTEN AND ACTED BY THE CELE
BRATED MATINEE IDOL, CRANE WILEUR.
"HEART STRATEGY"
ADMISSION 10 AND 15 CENTS'
ALL-STAR TRIANGLE
COMEDY
ADMISSION 10 AND 15 CENTS
FINED TEN DOLLARS-
I. N. R'jyston appeared before Judge
Frank Thomas yesterday charged with
passing a street oar as the passengers
were embarking, without stopping, lie
was fined S10.
Make your irip to Douglas a pleas
ure. Travel the Winton way. Phone
98. Adv. 332
LEARN TO DANCE-
Private lessons daily, 1 to 5-7 to 10.
V. J. Graves Academy, Lowell (Bro
phy Hall). Phone 62: Adv. 608
WILL LEAVE FOR EAST.
Mrs. W. G. Spalding will leave for
an extended eastern trip the early part
of the week. She will probably be ab
sent for the balance of the summer.
Seven passenger louring car leaves
Tombstone daily, upon arrival of Bis
bee stages, for Nogales, fare $5.50, 25
pound baggage limit Adv. 317
WAR SI
BASEBALL SATURDAY.
Baseball Saturday,'4:30 p. m. Cop
per Queen vs. Junction-Briggs.
Adv. 910
B3
UaEBo
THE HOUSE OF COMFORT
CONTINUOUS FROM 1 TO 11
William Fox Presents
GENEVIEVE HAMPER
s IN
GtyBneB:
Lives
Written By Mary Murillo
Directed By J. Gordon Edwards
A William Fox Masterpiece In Five Acts
Has anyone visited you? Or
have you entertained? If so, call
the Review after 6 p. m. and tell
the Society Editor, Phone 39.
Ride on the American Stage Line.
Bisbee to Douglas. Phone 366.
Advertisement
ADMISSION
10 AND 15 CENTS
TV 4ym
lift fa-
RED CROSS SEWING CLUB
I The Warren branch of the Bisbee
'.. Red Cross Sewing club will meet
I every day except Saturday at the
Greenway school, between ten o'clock
in the morning and four o'clock in
the afternoon. Everyone is urged to
spend as much time as possible with
this work.
LEAVE FOR MEXICO
H. T. Ninney and "Red" Mclntyre
left yesterday for El Paso from where
they will proceed to Mexico City, on
business. They expect to be absent
for the rest of the year. Kinney has
spent the last ten years in Mexico,
and was present in Mexico when Vera
Cruz was occupied by the American
forces.
Somewhere in Allen Block B. F. Mil
lard is selling wool suits from $12.50
and up. Adv. 639
Men's white r.ariVa rubber sole ox
fords, for $2.25, at Al Kobey's, opp.
Eagle Theater. Adv. 774
TODAY TODAY
Commencing 6:15 p. m.
ANNOUNCEMENT EXTRAORDINARY
DOUGLAS FAIRBANKS
-IN-
s
J punctually on time daily.
The Triangle Fine Arts Comedy Drama
"Top
1 lib
oPi ori cbo o
See this whirlwind star dash through a Central
American Revolution. It's' the best yet
A Mack Sennett Special Keystone
"Dodging His Dm"
An All Comedy Program At Popular Prices
ADMISSION - - -
10 AND 15 CENTS
DORT SALES.
During the last few days the E. P.
Norton Motor Car company reports th-s
sale of a Dort roadster to Dr. C. L. Ed
niondson of the C. & A. hospital stall
and a five passenger Dort touring car
to L U Vtes a local mining man.
BASEBALL SUNDAY.
Baseball Sunday, 2:30 C. & A. vs.
Cole Tigers. Copper Queen band.
Adv. 938
ORICINAL BISBEE-TOMBSTONE
Stage Line. -
The original Tombstone stage leaves
daily at 1 a. m. and 1:30 p. m. from
Cochise Motor Co.. Phone 444. Leaves
939
(Advertisement)
UP FROM SMELTER CITY.
H. Cuthbert is in the city from
Douglas, on a business trip. After a
few days' visit, he will return to the
Smelter City.
Travel to Douglas the Winton w;iy
on the new stage. Cars leave Copper
Queen Hotel on the hour. Fare $1.25.
Advertisement 332
Dr. Playfair. Osteopath, 98 MaSbn
Hill, Mason car stop. . Phone Blue 647.
dv. 231
HERE FROM RENO.
Allen H." Thompson arrived in Bis
bee from Reno, Nev., yesterday. He
!s representing a large eastern rubber
syndicate. After a few days stay, lie
will proceed to El Paso, and then east.
(By Review Leased Wire)
Heavy fighting is in progress in Bel
gium. France and along the Austro
Italian fronts, with the entente forces
6n the aggressive.
Rome reports a considerable achieve
ment by Alpine troops in the capture
of a strong Austrian position at Can..)
Cavento, in the eastern Trentlno, at an
altitude of more than 10,000 feet Two
field guns and several small guns
were taken from the Austrians.
The British attacked again today in
the Bullecourt region on the Arras
front and along the Arras-Carabrai
road, according to indications in the
Berlin official statement The repulse
of British attacks in Belgium and on
the Artois front yesterday is claimed.
The French are increasing their fire
both in the Aisne and Champagne re
gions and there are indications that a
resumption of the French offensive in
those sectors may be looked for.
Berlin is expecting such a move by
General Petain, according i'j unofficial
advices.
In a fight with a submarine in the
Mediterranean on June 11, tne Japa
nese destroyer Sakaki was torpedoed
and 57 of her crew were killed and 14
wounded. The damaged destroyer was
towed to port
Stockholm has a report of a peace
offer by Germany to Russia through
the medium of a Swiss federation. The
German newspapers consider an arti
cle in the semi-official North German
Gazette to be a bona fide offer to Rus
sia. Russia was informed in this arti
cle that her formulate of "peace with
out annexations and Indemnities was
no bar to a peace between Russia and
the central powers, "who have never
demanded annexations or Indemnities
from Russia."
Holland frontier pjlnts have reports
that rioting of a 'serious character de
veloped yesterday in several German
towns.
Elihu Root, head of the American
mission to Russia, in a speech to the
council of ministers in Petrgrad. de
clared America was fighting for Rus
sian freedom as well as her own, and
asked Russia to fight equally l'jr
American and Russian freedom.
THE PURE MILK DEPOT
(Allen Block)
A great big glass fresh buttermilk
It's only 6 cents. Advertisement 309
A car every hour, 'Bisbee to Doug
las. Good cars and careful drivers.
American Stage Line. Phone 366.
RELEASED ON BAIL.
Robert McDonald, charged with fail
ing to register, and who is alleged to
have gone tJ Nacozarl to evade regis
tration, was released yesterday on $500
bail. He was arrested at Naco.
I SCHIDELER'S AUTO SERVICE.
i Ford cars, equipped with shock ab
sorbers. Local and country trips solic
ited. Union prices. Single trips, four
' people ft) Cananea and return, $22.00;
; four peoplpe to Ramsey Canyon, stay
all day. $15.00. Phone 366. Ask for
: Schideler's cars and Central Pharmacy
' 450. Adv.
.A satisfied customer tells his friends when his '
Automobile work is rightly done You would be
surprised to know the amount of business that is
sent to us by pleased patrons
We woulcHike to have your REGISTER on
the "Satisfied" list
We handle a large assortment of accessories
Veedel lubricants and the world famous Diamond
Tires.
Trai
Oarage
Phone 831 Johnson Addition
Remember our Motto: "Courtesy and Efficiency"
Expert repairing on fine -watches
and Jewelry, diamond setting, engrav
ing and general repairing. Mlntoo,
the postofflce jeweler, LowelL
Advertisement 343
BACK FROM COAST.
W C Andrews, of Warren, returned
home yesterday from Chico, Cal, where
he went to attend funeral services for
liis mother, Mrs. Louisa Andrews, who
died June 8.
JURY SUBPOENAS ARE OUT.
According ' to information from
Tombstone, the officers are out with
lists summoning the jurors for the
cominlng session of the Superior
court.
The members of the B. H. S. Alumni
association are requested to meet at
the Central School. Sunday, June 17,
at 3 p. m. Important! ---Adv. 940
BASEBALL SUNDAY.
Baseball Sunday, 2:30 C. & A. vs.
Cole Tigers. Copper Queen band.
Adv. 938
TO COAST FOR VACATION.
Mrs. H. Redmonds, of this city, left '
for the coast yesterday to spend the
summer months. She will visit the
principal resorYs of the coast, and will
return In the fall to resume her resi- '
dence here, J
GCOD ROADS PETITION OUT.
A number of Warren District citi
zens are circulating petitions for a
$1,000,000 good roads bond issue. Will
iam Delbridge filled his petitions con
taining forty signatures yesterday afternoon.
BUTCHERS TO HOLD PICNIC.
E. A. Tovrea & Co. butchers will
bold a big picnic at Ramsey canyon to
day. An extensive program of games
will be pulled off. and refreshments
will be served. A large crowd is ex
pected to attend.
V
HERE FROM CANANEA.
Mr. and Mrs. II. Gayne arrived in
this city from Cananea yesterday
morning. They are here on business,
and expect to remain In the city a
number of days.
Get ready for the Fourth. v Order
your new suit now $15 to $50 at Al
Kobey's ,opp. Eagle Theater.
Adv. 774
iN CITY ON BUSINESS.
O. L. Carter, a resident of Alama
gordo, N. M., is In the city for a few
days' visit.
Mesdames Acres and Reid, Beauty
Specialists, will give both ladies and
gents free demonstrations of the se
cret of Beauty Cream. ' Guaranteed
to remove tan. surnburn, liver spots,
blackheads, pimples; takes the place
of powder; makes the skin like velvet
Hotel Lockie, Room 2. Adv. 802
WEDDING PRESENTS.
At the Lowell Jewelry Shop you wfli
find a very fine assortment of Wed
ding and Engagement rings.
Adv. 842
HEAVY RECRUITING.
Recruiting for the United States
navy has been very brisk during the
month or June. About twenty per
cent of the applications received are
rceepted for service. The recruiting
has been the heaviest in the eastern
division, with the central division
next.
Chief Quartermaster Weber stated
that the Warren District is doing Its
share, and reports the following fig
ures for the various divisions: Eastern
division, applicants, 5,102, enlisted 1.
118; Central division, applicants. 4,250,
enlisted, 1.149; Southern division, ap
plicants. 2,532. enlisted, 673; Western
division, applicants, 1,663, enlisted)
611.
'THE AMERICANO' HAS
FINE FAIRBANKS ROLE;
AT CENTRAL TONIGHT
Douglas Fairbanks makes his latest
appearance as a Triangle star in the
five-reel drama. "The Americano," dra
matized from the novel, "Blaze Derin
ger," by Eugene P. Lyle, Jr.
The play, which will be seen at the
Central theater, today, has to do with
the adventures In a South American
named Blaze Derringer, who goes to
Paragonla Vty, represent American min
ing Interests. He finds the country in
a state of revolution, with its persident
and prime minister, who have been
friendly to his company, overthrown
and In peril of their lives. Before bis
departure from New York Blaze has
fallen violently in love with the beauti
ful daughter of the president and he
finds her in dire peril of being mar
ried by force to an 'officer of tne revo
lutionist army. Of course, the quell
ing of a revolution and the restoration
or order is a trifling task to a young
man of Mr. Fairbanks' intense nature,
and the close of the picture sees the
villains prperly foiled and the girl res
cued In order that she may wed the
athletic hero. "The Americano"- is
said fj furnish five reels of the most
strenuous activity that Fairbanks has
yet displayed and also to be one of
the best pictures, from a dramatic
standpoint, in which he has appeared.
He is supported by Alma Reuben as
the senorita, and other Triangle fa
vorites having prominent roles in the
cast are Spottlswoode Aitken, Carl
Stockdale and Tom Wilson.
Eagle Theatre
Ladies
See The Latest in Gowns
Draped on Real Lire Models By
Mr. CHAS. E. PRESSLEY
. . ." . Decorator and draper for the Gaumont Company,
of which he is world-famous, assisted by Miss Martha
Gillis and Miss Roberta Berry who will act as our
models. Materials to be used from our silk and lace
departments.
TUESDAY MATINEE AND NIGHT.
REVIEW WANT AD3
BRING QUICK RESULTS
WE HAVE THE LATEST.
In sheet music the New Patriotic
Songs. Also full line of records and
talking machines. Lowell Jewelry
Shop. Adv. 842
Big time,
christening
cial.
Don Luis, Sunday night
fire apparatus. Box so-
Adv. 914
LEATHER SUITCASES
and Hand Bags, $12.50 values.
Miller's Shirt and Hat Shop.
Adv
17.95
925
The members of the B. H.S. Alumni
association are requested to meet at
the Central Scltool. Sunday, June 17,
at 3 p. m. Important! Adv. 940
Just recived. a shipment of mld-sum-
mer white hats, at extremely low
prices. Mrs. Norrls, opposite Elks'
Club. Adv. 937
BASEBALL SUNDAY.
Baseball Sunday, 2:30 C. & A. vs.
Cole Tigers. Copper Queen band.
Adv. 938
Watch window for weekly special
lea. B. F. Millard. Allen Blk. Adv. 863
P. J. McCulIougn, 'contractor and
builder, plrtne 820, Box 934. Retaining ,
walls and sidewalks are my specialty.
Adv. 359 1
The
YBIC
. Beautiful
The Coolest Thsatre In
The State.
Continuous From 1 To 10 P. M.
PROGRAM CHANGED DAILY
Ethel Clayton
In
"MANS WOMAN"
SEUG NEWS
(Educational)
ADMISSION
Reserved Seats 20c
Lo wer Floor 10c
Balcony 5c
So That The Truth Hay Prevail:
The Warrtn District Trades Assembly -has seen fit to 'leartily
endorse the action taken by the Painters Union in declaring Fred
Johnson of Johnson Addition and Pat Cleary of the Guarantee
Paint Co., ot Tombstone Canyon as unfair to all organized work
ers of this camp. The W. D. T. A. commends the action of the
painters in refusing to treat with either Johnson or Cteary as
members of the Warren District Builders Exchange as both of
the above mentioned men have a prior obligation to the Brother-,
hood of Painters, Decorators and Paper Hangers of Ame ic;J
which is still in force. Should either Johnson or Cleary re ign
from the B. of P. D. and P. of A., and then wish to enter frit )
a wage agreement with the Painters Local I'nion either as mem
bers of the Builders Exchange, or as individuals, they will find
us willing to treat with them; provided they come as CONTRAC
TORS. We define a contractor as a man who contracts, for a
stipulated sum to do certain work, either furnishing LABOR
ALONE, or LABOR and MATERIAL. Should he do any of The
actual work himself thereby displacing a bona fide Journeyman,
he loses his status as a CONTRACTOR, and voids aty agree
ment that he may have entered Into with the Painters Local
Union. In the past we have seen these ALLEGED CONTRAC
TORS come and go, but invariably they have only hired journey
men painters when compelled to do so; preferring to do the,
work themselves, and employed journeymen only WHEN THEY
COULD NOT DO THE WORK THEMSELVES. . Both Johnson
and Cleary have had ample opportunity to submit a list of jobs
contracted prior to the initiation of the new wage scale; had
they contracted to do as these jobs would have been finished
at the old scale of $5.00 per day for journeymen. Since these
men have shown no disposition to meet us on the grounds out
lined above we find ourselves compelled to fight, aud as an
ECONOMIC NECESSITY rid ourselves of the above mentioned
(CONTRACTORS?).
Brotherhood of Painters, Decorators
and Paper Hanger of America, No. 983
WARREN DISTRICT TRADES ASSEMBLY
The Chicago Pneumatic
FUEL OIL DRIVEN
COMPRESSOR.
Reflect the highest point of development
yet attained in the construction of compres
sors of small and medium capacity, as well
as the largest sizes.
Many companies throughout Arizona are
now using these compressors and in every
instance they have met every demand made
upon them most satisfactorily and economi
cally. Before you buy, investigate the Chicago
Pneumatic Fuel Oil Driven Compressors.
..w-i.-'i '' .-''7
" III I ---I
J.
. ,rr x ,- .mr v'f rt
ASK US FOR BULLETIN AND DATA.
ISchweitzer Machine Co.
MINING, IRRIGATION AND POWER MACHINERY
135 So. Sixth Avenue . 326-334 Washington
TUCSON, ARIZONA PHOENIX, ARIZONA
fc JIM
- r. F ) I
1
Convenient to all Places of Interest
I. WTMl
' LOS ANGELES -
WntPi dark is situated In the heart of
city, near beautiful Central ram. i ars io
Beaches. Mountains, etc., from Hill St.
Station directly opp hotel. European
plan. Tariff from TI.50 per day. Bisbee
patronage solicited. Illustrated folder up
on request. F. M. DIMMICK, Lessee.
I
FREE AUTO BUS FROM DEPOTjtfJ' Sat to
mtmtm
SOCIETY
MINING '
SECTION
SECTION I
MEMBER A8POCIATED PRESS
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JUNE 17, 1917.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
VOL 20. NO. 8.
MINES, MINING, LOCAL STOCKS AND COPPER
Billion Pounds This
Year Goal of Copper
Properties of State
Arizona Mines Expect To Produce Half of All Copper Turned
n.i On Hnntinent: Conditions ImDrovine In Every Sec
tion of The State; Miners Now Making Double What
They Were In 1914; Tremendous Output Is Being Made
In All of The Great Producing Districts.
BISBEE, Ariz., June 16. Every cloud has Its silver lining. Some efforts
at disturbance by agitators in mining districts of the state have not been
wholly futile of results, for they h- - -Mention more than ever to
the wonderful expansion that has occurred in Arizona mineral resources and
investment in the three years which have elapsed since August, 1914, when
the breaking of war threw half of the miners out of employment, brought
a 10 per cent cut in wages, stagnated investment and set things generally
going backwards instead of forward.
Since 1914 wages have doubled for the miners and so has employment,
there being more than twice the number of men at work in the mines, mill3
and smelters of the state today than in 1914. This reference applies strictly
to producing properties. If developing properties are included it is a con
servative estimate that three times the number of men are employed in min
ing In Arizona today compared with 1914. While the wages being paid are
the highest ever paid to miners in any state of the union and the highest
ever paid to any large group engaged in mining in any division of the world,
costs of living have advanced less In Arizona than in any other industrial
division in the country.
GOING AFTER BILLION MARK.
Arizona produced In 1916. according to the Geological Survey figures just
made public at Washington, 694,847.307 pounds of copper. She Is going this
year to the billion pound mark, provided" no serfous interruptions occur. In
doing so she will make nearly one half of the copper in which there Is hope
of production on the American continent In 1917. That prdouction in 1916
was 1,927,850,548 pounds. Arizona this year will prdouce nearly three times j
the output of Montana in 1916, and from which there will be no material gain
this year. The Montana production in 1916 was 352,139,768. Michigan's
1916 production of 269.794,531 pounds will be hardly more than a fourth or
Arizona's 1917 production. She will have more than four times as much as
Utah, the fourth state in the list in 1916 with 232,335,950 pounds.
The billion pound figure to which Arizont is going this year, from 432,
4C7.690 pounds in 1915 Is the best evidence of the great expansion In re
sources, investment and labor which she has made in and in which she is at
this time at the high tide of endeavor. In her Investment list in the last two
years she has engaged more miners than ever before In the history of mining
anywhere in the world.
PROPAGANDA OF AGITATORS UNWELCOME.
The total of their Investment is very large. A great many of them are
receiving regular dividends, while their shares have gone up in market value.
Many of them have Investments In promising prospects which are under
deveolpment and not a few of which are approaching production while the
high metal market lasts. Some of them, the majority perhaps, will require,
or now need, new financing to carry them through to profitable operation. It
is this fact that Is' responsible for the greater part of the stir of conversation
that has developed over the state toward the propaganda of agitators, who
are finding that they are dealing with miners who are also invesors and who
have come to a broader understanding of the advantages going with con
tinued peace between employer and employe, as long as high wags, good work
fng conditions and opportunities for advancement are maintained as they
have been to such marked extent in Arizoa since the first months of 1915.
Money loss by reason of disturbance of present good conditions In Arizoan
is generally viewed under existing national conditions as an entirely second
ary matter, the miner well realizing the great government need of unmolested
copper output at highest efficiency. More vim goes into the development of
new properties by reason of, this understanding of national need of copper,
and of the need of the nation for the metal for her Allies, because no one
knows the need of keeping development
coming in. if the rate of production is to be kept up, as does the miner. Bet
ter than any other, he knows that when a mine falls behind with its work
there is nothing harder to again pull
that when mining conditions go bad for any cause in a mining district, con
fidence in its falls off Instantly, and stays off until long after real cause in
extinct Neither the investor or the
Is absolutely shown, no matter how good
his confidence was shaken. Any general
Deriod would set It back for many years,
ing concerns which stand In need of
up shop, probably not to reopen for a long time.
RAY-SUPERIOR DISTRICT ADVANCING.
The wide and large Investment
such properties is therefore a fine line
trouble. Newly developed business conservatism and sense have put things in
a different light
In point of big gain in production
half and in Doint of vast Increase in
year, the Globe-Miami district can be
front in the state. Inspiration has provided the district with the heavy gain
In production with Old Dominion and
increases, to which both are well on
of which will be the direct consequence of laboratory assistance and which
will also open new avenues for others through which to Increase the metal
output of the district.
GLOBE-MIAMI PRODUCTION TO JUMP.
The Commercial, Iron Cap and a few others are in the way of makin
Can
large mmco. vvujuivi
(Continued
going constantly and new ore ever
forward to efficiency, and he also knows
miner will believe in a district until he
it may have appeared to him before
trouble, therefore, in Arizona at this
for it would break not a few develop
new financing and must have it or shut
which there Is now within the state in
of insurance against any widespread
of copper during the last year and a
activity and production during the next
said to at the present time stand at the
Miami Copper assisting with important
the way to important additions, some
ar in very strong poKition. Miami
- - -
on Page Two)
EASTERN HORSEMANSHIP MAY IE VALUABLE TO UNCLE SAM
'A great fri't-auay from Hie post at Piping Kock, L. L '.
The excellence of eastern horsemanship and the keen interest in the sport in New York knd Maryland ;
woulc indictte ti at if L'i.cie Sam i:ecds cavalry !s cat !'e krxws where to go. A great many of those who:
loo: on jig we'.! at- the pwtic-pants i.i
un-suai view of the hoit-s bitai:u.),
THIS DESTROYER IS
EL PASO MAN WILL
EE NEW PRESIDENT
OF JEROME PACIFIC
Position Now Held By Jerome
Woman Will Be Taken
Over By John L. Dyer,
Present Head of Verde
Combination.
JEROME. June . 16. John L. Dyer
of El Paso, president of the Verde
Combination Copper company, is to
be the president of the new Jerome
Pacific company.
At a meeting to be held in Jerome
next, week Mrs. C. V. Hopkins, who
became president or the Jerome Pa- t l """" ""-'
. . , 'in section, which has so far proved to
cine recently when she bought outi thp r,ch ore of the camp and
two young men who had undertaken that the mVam f the camp arf prac.
the financing of the proposition, will!,. .. . . . .. ,hot
resign lliui pdMlluil. itir. uyt-i niiii
then be elected president, with Dr.
Harlow of Colorado Springs, former
ly a director of the Calumet & Ari
zona, as vice president and director.
The other directors are to be C. V.
Hopkins, engineer for the United
Verde: David Morgan, manager of
the Verde Combination; J. B. Harper.
superintendent of the Jerome Verde;
Edward W. Kayser, cashier of the
First National Bank, El Paso; and a
man named Sergeant, who is manager
for Otis & Co., the big Denver bro
kerage house. Kayser is to act as
treasurer.
The Jerome Pacific was organized"'
with 1.000.000 shares, par value 50
Mr. Dyer to his friends 50.000 shares
rniH m npr hare. With each
d.oro nf troaa.irv tr-if Knld two
shares of pooled stock were given as
a bonus. This disposed of 150.000
shares. Tom Mulcaire, one of the
.
of pooled stock for his interest, o. j
V. Honkins. the other owner, took alii
stock and no money. He and his as -
sociates hold 275.000 shares.
It Is now planned to sell 500.000
shares at $1, giving half a share pool
ed stock as a bonus with such share
of treasury stock purchased for cash.
This will make a total of 750.000
shares. When this lias been disposed
of 250.000 shares will remain in the
treasury.
Subscriptions for Jerome Pacific
stock are now being received. It has exemption as a class is not coiueni
been agreed that 10 per cent must ac- plated by war department,
company orders, and the remainder j
will be paid when called for by the British recruiting commission has
board of directors, which will prob- started movement for enlisting Brit-
ohlv he in sn nr 40 davs.
Rumored in Washington that Japan.'
whose Khinnine has suffered little as;
vet. will be requested to lend a con-
siderable number or her merchant
vessels to allies for war purposes. She
can do this and still have more tTian
enough for her own needs.
4 ?V
the "',;ov
uvuv i'ii
LOOKING FOTl U-POATS
it
Ztr-. titJlC
Destroyer Davis.
FUTURE OF MICHIGAN
VERDE SEEMS ASSURE
A. M. McLellan. vice president of
the Michigan Verde Copper company,
in talking of the manner in which their
issue is being reeehed by the invest
ing public, states that lie is fully con
vinced that the future of the Michigan
Verde is assured, through the deal
mentioned in last week's Copper
Camp, whereby big eastern interests
are taking over a iarne block of the
stock.
McLellan expresses himself most en
thusiastically about the prospects of
his company. He says he does not be
lieve there is a fair-minded miner in
Jei'Jme who will hesitate to say that
the property of the Michigan Verde is
me most promising ground in me uis-
thp ATii'liioTn Verde will make a big
, .
producer, with development.
Awarding to McLellan, the big New
York deal and the manner in which
the stock is being subscribed through
out the country, especially in Arizona,
assures quick development of the
property. Plans are now being made
to begin work at an early date, and it
is believed that this work will be in
active operation before the close of
the current month.
In all probability, dianf.ind drills will
be used to prove up the property and
because of the proximity of the Michi-
A 1 1 V 1 1 1 1 f.r.111
millions, McLellan states that
! ologists believe it highly probably
I tnat ri,'h ore De Penetrated at
nominal depth.
Judging frbm details received from
McLellan as to existing conditions in
connection with the Michigan Verde,
it would seem that this popular junior
has Kreat possibilities. The fact that
the company has a small capitalization
with 535 acres In a high grade district
a "ned by the company, and
thnt
Mwi,. .t.A cn nor cent nt the clock in :
the treasurv for development Purposes,
speaks well for it as a clean-cut min
ing proposition.
Of 816,407 registrations for seven
st
es and District of Columbia, indi -
cated exemptions are about
0 percent.'
These are not actual exemptions
they include all married men. w.'ior.e
tsh sailors In every port in me i m.i-u
have law!
States. It is planned to
chanced so that British sailors can be
taken into Vnited States navy to serve
for period of war
efforts are'
Washington special says
heinir made through the (Juggenhelms
to secure a private loan for Mexico.
.s sk'Heu horsemen. A recent snapshot gives an
the l'ljiiiiji Kock, L. I., course. ... ;
IN EPITISII WATERS
GOMSTOCK MINERS
PLAN CELEBRATION
ON FOURTH OF JULY
Next Fourth of July the miners' un-
ion of Virginia City will hold a jubilee
... u. i..c ........., -v
the organization of that body of men.
hub uuuMi .ma uctru u.ninc oci
other union in the country and the
men who went down the holes made
famous in Comstock history represent
the best blood and brains of the west-
ern American people. The union,
which has been identified with the
rise and decline of Virginia City, is a
relatively insignificant body of men,
compared to the day when thousands
of the fie.st physical specimens of
American manhood reported at each
shift in faultless raiment fashioned
by the mould of fashion. The Virgin
ia City miners were as unique a body
of men as ever drew the breath of
life, and ,o their energy and initiative,
! .oou i. .Inrln.ia f.i. thai the Pom-
"ii v.iv b.u-.uu .-v. .
t,b ,d.lH nenrlv a hillinn dollars
d.uvo. - j
t 00ifh r.f tha nntinn before ita
' -
sun passed t!ie zenith of Us orDit
The handful of miners still engaged
on tlie old loue announce mey are
going to hold a celebration of such
magnitude that should draw back to;
... .... ........
inn 11 iirii-.i l i ii 1 1 1 ii 1 1 1 n it . .1, Liiusc w iiu
- -
owe their rortunes to ine nammer
wielders of that district.
The honor of naming the Comstock
has been ascrinea 10 uia rani-sue
Comstock. says the Tonopah Bonanza,
who, from the accounts of veracious
chroniclers, appears to have been!
nothing more than an interloper. Men
of the contemporaneous period insist
that the original discoverers of the'
Comstock were two sons or Erin I
named McLaughlin and O'Riley, whoj
found the Ophir vein and made the'
proper location to protect their rights. I
It is held by friends of this pair that
j while the two young Irishmen wereittie big pumping plant now at work
I engaged making their first
engaged making their Iirsl ciean-up on me iwwu iun imuii u-auuiu-, erue pjifnsum Mn.-un ...
they were accosted by Comstock, who! Colorado, says the Mining Record of tion. but the Calumet & Jerome man
insisted that he had some time before; Denver, has the greatest capacity of ngement purposes to take time by the
filed on a ranch of 160 acres taking in, any unwatering outtit in the I nited forelock so as to have a neamy out
ilioEround located. He also claimed States. This supposition would seem et for ore at the earliest time pos-
the water right that was essential to
the panning process which was the
..!,. nw.rirw of sav ne the values at
that particular time. To avoid trouble
Comstock was counted in. Then, not
j satisfied with the apportionment. I om -
stock insisted on taking in a ineniiuu inin-i mu.r- i. uiu
as! named Penrod. wltn a segregation oi
100 feet of ground to pay separately j
for the water Comstock was the big
noise and got credit for the discovery'
while McLaughlin and O'Riley, the
real finders of the lode, were little1
.heard of. McLaughlin sold his sixth
interest In 1S59 for $3,500 while
O'Riley held his longer and got $40,-
000.
I
I'nion Twist Drill Co., on July lj
will give a midvear bonus of 4 per
cent to 10 percent to its S00 employes.,
based on six months' pay of 1917 and
J length of service.
FRAUD !S CHARGED
AGAINST PRESIDE
OF JEROME-PORTLAND
Stockholders o f Company
Seek To Enjoin Official of
Company From Disposing
of Stock Holdings.
PRESCOTT, June 16. Making the
open charge of fraud and evil plot-,
ting, stockholders of the Jerome-Portland
Mining Company recently filed
suit against the company, against A.
B. Frame, its president and general
manager and against the Bank of
Arizona, the latter merely the holder
of certain of the company's stock. A
restraining order was issued to pre
vent the president of the company
from dealing any more in the company
stock and to stop the Bank of Arizona
from issuing stock.
FrJme-Up Charged.
Dating fnJn before the company
was organized, is the charge that
Frame framed up on the incorporators (
and with some of them, to profit by
a deal in 11 mining claims alleged in
the complaint to be valueless. The
complaint recites the purported factj
that the company was incorporated
in order to take over and develop, (Ry wmiam p pe Wolf.)
what are known as the Brookshire PRESCOTT. Arizona. June 16.-A
claims i nthe Verde district. Instead pPneral Kpped,nlc up of mining activity
it is charged. Frame and his friends, ;,. ,. vvnai rountr t th af
acquired record title to 11 claims in
the vicinity of the Brookshire, that are
of little or no value and turned them
over to the company in return for aitry precioU8 mPta,s as well as base,
huge block of stock. -The claims were I d h- dav become more apparent
located in April last year and it is' . ... ". . , ,
alleged no worn lias Leen oone on
them. It is said that 2SO.0OO shares
of the capital stock of the Jeremoe
Portland were to be issued for the
Brookshire claims.
Other Charges.
It is then charged that on May 15.
1916. Frame sold his 11 claims to the
company- for the consideartion of 759.
960 shares of Jerome-Portland stock.
Then, as majority stockholder and in j
J complete control of the directors, who.
ne. himself put into office. Frame is
8aid to have dominated the company,
raving niniseu namuu prmC.u. K-
eral manager and stock sales agent.'
me compiami states xnai siock saies
m tne following amounts were made:
55,360 shares at 30c; 237.485 shares at
5nc; 22.303 shares at 75c; and 55.806
shares at $1.
Frame then turned back into the
treasury 280,000 shares of his stock,
anil stil nas 469.960 shares of it in
h!g own name in ,hP Rank of Arizona
a, jeromP. Some of this stock he is
thought to have contracted to sell at
various fipures.
Seek To Enjoin Them.
The suit seeks to enjoin Frame and
the Bank of Arizona from disposing'
01 ine siock. 10 coranei ine presiueni
of t. to turn back 8Ucn
. . .. . . ...
' siock as ine couri may uefiii mm iu
,., ..,-...
nave aciiureu iiirsuuy, ur rit? iaj
.. . r
ior u ai ine raie oi ouc a suare, aim
j ney.g feea
t iu t. lam. juuiiirLU mi luoia oitu aivfi-
n a h fi, H rourt Commission-
cr j. m. w. .moo re issued a lemDorarv
m
resiraining oraer.
i rryt . . ; . . i . ; . i
! i ne sun is uruuKUi in ine uuiur tii
j .v 7 Vu TV , v T
and other stockholders of the Jerome-
tu.uauo. .....,. .y s.iuaieu. ..u
, fendants nanled are A. n. Frame, the !
j company and ,he rank of Arizona.
.
PUMPING RECORD IS
un n dv nntxmifH!
riLLU D I UUIf lll'J 1
It Is quite generally supposed that
i . . ... .i
reasonable when it is known that the
j Leadville pumps have raised as much
! as 4.iuu gallons 01 aier per iuuiuir.
This notable feat has been exceeded,
however, and is being exceeded by
. uie puiii.iiiB ui iur w...
f ui rtriiu.m. mi- m "- .. i...
property is or tremendous volume..
necessitating pumping on the 1.200.
1.400 and 1.600 foot levels. One of
these plants alone has the stupendous
capacity of 8.00O.000 dally, or 5.555
gallons per minute, thus exceeding
the amount of water handled by the
Down Town pumps to the extent of
more man a iiiuusuiiu gumma a unu-
ute.
The Old Dominion mine, in spite of
being handicapped by so much water.
has been a dividend payer since 1S.in
ana is now producing o.ui-v.v
pounds of copper per montn.
n
3
YAVAPA
SHOW 11
ACTIVITY
Shaft of Calumet & Jerome
Nears 500 Level, Where In
dications Are That Com
mercial Ore Will Be Found.
DUNDEE ARIZONA IS
WAITING FOR PUMPS
j Machinery of Loma Verde
Company Is Agam In Com
mission; Bingham ton Out
put Now Around 50 Tons a
Day.
termath of the short-lived strike at
Jerome. This quickening of energy
in nil Nrnnrhp of the mining indus-
the miners returned to their
jobs. Local mining men assert that
operations have increased at leat
one-fourth in scope during the past
few weeks and predict a further In
crease with the passing of the days.
Thr-y sneak confldtntiy of the fufir
of the mining industry here and pre
diet unprecedented mining energy and
I mining success ior iuc rrmaiuui r 'i
the current year. In fact, they are
now dtPt,n(S that 1917 wiU be the
)oRt gllcressful ypar the miniiu ,n.
dnstry .if Yavapai county has ever ex-
peienced.
frcm wo mier mincs
t Jeromernited Verde and UniW
1 Verde Extension which, under nor
mal condition, are always worked ft
top capacity, increased mining effort
is noticeable at the Calumet & Jerom
Jerome Verde. Dundee-Arizona. Je
rome Copper, Verde Apex. Venture
Hill. Jerome Victor Extension. Green
Monster, Verd" Combination. A. & A.,
and other properties that sem destin
nit in i-niirtt In ntlil anorecinblv
fo output of ore from ,
countv. To the south of Jerome
p, h( j,, of n,nw!ied gchist
, ,,,.,, ,no n,wri.n; ronntrv to
Crown Kins, the same satisfactory
.... ,, AU im i j
-
In
, I uusnr.it. t.... rw..S. u. v.. .
r .-: PhaaIt
,.
i Constellation.
Wickenburg,
Senator
and Groom Creek sections.
Calumet and Jerome.
The shaft at the Calumet & Jerom
property is nearing a depth of 5'10
. . . ... . . .. a
, teei. wnere a naimn
rons'deralle nrosnecting done. As a
- -
: mutton r taft it iimcirii decidedlv
probable the work on the 5(o-ioot
invui siii nun a hmlv of commercial
, ore as the shaft is now in ore whicH
t from time to time is strongly impreg
nated with ropprr. So encouraging
is the immediate outlook et the C. &
J., tho mnn-wment contemplates in
stalling facilities for handling the mine
product. Material has been ordered
for the tramway the company win ai
ionce construct to the site of the fnit-
led Verde Extension smelter at Cotton-
i wood. The distance to b? covered rr-
i wood. The distance to
' proximntrs two
miles. It will of
... .... w .r. ...... t
course be man ttohw.s u.-.u.r
s1ble
: Work has be"n discontinued tempo"
ar. y m tne
nunaee-Arizona
pending the arrival and Installation of
nUmps capable of handling the flow
or waler eneounierea iu .
tne meanume srtrmi num
mmie to ine nm"'n
tne orP hPiP? drawn from tne si:icnus
neposlt exwsed at surface and on the
gvfoot level. A trial shipment of tMs
orP PIlt to Humboldt netted about t20
rer ,on There are approximatrly
t noo cT,s of similar grade ore on the
d,.mr. Development to date consists
flf a ?haft 4,.rt fl(t dppp intersected
hv a tunrel 720 feet long a: me
ro'nt. and levels at the 65. 300
Hn(1 4-ofoot rints.
Copper Lode Mill Ready.
Jhe ljane n,iU at the property of
j iionunuea tra rase iui
PROPERTIE TWO
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, . SUNDAY MORNING, JUNE 17, 1917.
UNITED EASTERN MILL
SHATTERSALL RECORDS
Plant Handles On Average of
252 Tons Every 24 Hours
During May; ' Tom Reed
Mill Also Doing Good
Work.
OATMAN. Aria., June 16. The May
record for the United Eastern mill
surpassed any month's total since the
plant was placed in operation. No less
than 7,800 tons were treated, an aver
age of 252 tons every 24 hours. Au
thorities agree that this is unprece
dented an it "means an excess V1 ver
25 per cent above the designed: capac
ity of the mill. It is the usual experi
ence that plants of this cnaracter rare
ly equal the stated capacity, while if
they happen to run in excess of that
amount, it is a matter for extended
comment.
Yet the United Eastern mill has av
eraged about 220 tons a day for the
past three months, which is 10 per
cent above capacity. The gross values
for May were soniewaat lower than
for April, but still in the neighbor
hood of $20 per ton, which constitutes
high grade ore as compared wiih the
average yield of mines throughout the
country.
The Tom Reed mill is also establisa
ing a splendid record for the first two
weeks. Runs of 250 tons a day are
common and no accident has delayed
the 'operation of the new plant It is
regarded by mill and metallurgical ex
perts to be an exceptional engineering
feat to have installed a complete new
plant in a building occupied by an old
one without the loss of a single hour's
time in the operation of either the old
or new mill. .
A contract for advancement of the
drift in the Oatman Crescent workings
for a distance of 250 feet to the east
has been let and work has started on
this program of development. This
will bring the drift in to the ore shoot
which was explored by the upper tun
nel last summer.
Work will be commenced very sc'jn
on the Gold Road Annex shaft, which
has been retimbered, in preparation of
sinking to the 500-foot level. The
Gold Road, Annex .property lies east
and north of the old Gold Road and it
is the 'opinion of many engineers that
the present Gold Road vein, where a
large body of commercial ore has been
opened np. extends into the Gold Road
Annex ground. A plant will be in
stalled for sinking the shaft, whica is
now 125 feet deep. j
Manager A. G. Keating, of the new j
Big Jim Consolidated,' is making final 1
preparations for commencing active I
work "on the Blue Bird property of the ,
company. The compressor is here and
uio engine nas Deen snipped ana wnen
the plant is installed the shaft will be
lowered to tne 500-foot level as rapidly
as possible.
VENTURE HILL IS
.HITTING OLD GAIT
JEROME, June 16. Operations are
in progress at the Venture Hill on
practically the same scale that pre
vailed before the strike. Two shifts
are being worked and each shift puts
the shaft down approximately three
feet into soft schist impregnated with
chalcopyrite.
Every particle of rock that comes
from the shaft is shot through with
chalcopyrite. Superintendent E. L.
Bartholomew has sent some samples
over to Prescott to be assayed. His
estimate is that the schist in which
the shaft is bottomed will average
round four or five per cent copper.
FREE TO
ASTHMA SUFFERERS
A New Home Cure That Anyone Ca.i
Use Without Discomfort or Loss
of Time.
We have a new method that oures
Asthma, and we want you to try it at
our expense. No matter whether your
case is of long standing or recent de
velopment, whether it is present as
occasional or chronic asthma, you
should send for a free trial of bur
method. No matter in what climate
you live, no matter what your age or
occupation, if you are troubled with
asthma, our method should relieve you
promptly.
We especially want t'o seed it to
those apparently hopeless cases,
where all forms of inhalers, douches,
opium preparations, fumes, "patent
smokes," etc., have failed. We want
to show everyone at our own expense,
that this new method is designed to
end all difficult breathing, all wheez
ing, and all those terrible paroxysms
at once for all time.
This free offer is too important to
neglect a single day. Write now and
then begin the method at once. Send
no money. Simply mail coupon below.
Do It Today.
FREE ASTHMA COUPON
FRONTIER ASTHMA CO..
Room 17S. Niagara and Hudson
Sts., Buffalo. N. Y.
Send free trial of your method
to:
INTERESTS BISBEE
PEOPLEJN COMPANY
Possibilities of Feather River
Country, I n California,
' Looked Into By Many Pros
pective Investors In District.
Many people were favorably attract
ed yesterday afternoon and last even
ing to the window display at the Sasse
candy store, on Alain street, of the
Feather River Gold Mines, Inc. The
display was begun yesterday by
George Threlkel, president of the com
pany and former resident of Bisbee,
who is interesting local money in the
enterprise.
Feather river, in California, has pro
duced millions in gold and promises to
produce mbre if the present operations
there and the indications pointed out
by Threikel and his associates come
true in part. The Feather River prop
osition is one of hydraulic mining.
There will be no shalts iv sink, no
bead frames to buy and build, no tun
nels to drive, no cross-cutting or stop
ing. The work involves the cutting
into immense gravel beds with streams
of wafer and running the gravel
through a series of sluice boxes.
According to Threlkel, who worked
for the Shattuck last year, the Feath
er river beds, 'of which his company
holds over 500 acres, contain fc'jld in
plenty. The gravel contains as high
a. value of gold as 98 cents a cubic
yard. Under the system to be worked
on the property, it is estimated that
500 cubic yards will be broken every
hour and put through the sluices.
Threlkel and his partner, J. P. Gla
zier, who is also favorably known in
Bisbee, have had much experience in
hydraulic mining. Threikel, particu
larly, has seen this class of mining
operations pursued in nearly every
quarter of the world. The headquar
ters of tiie promoting company is at
Sasse's store "or at the Philadelphia
hotel.
NEW MINING CONCERN
BEGINSOPERATIONS
Jerome .Yeager, Which Re
cently Took Over Old
Claims, Straightens Shaft
And Launches Vigorous
Work.
JEROME. June 16. With a carload
of timber on the ground, tenta erected
whim up and ' the old shaft straight
ened from collar to bottom, opeartions
are going forward with vigor and vim
at tne property of the Jerome Yeager
Copper company, six miles west 'of
Jerome.
When the whim was set up the first
work undertaken was to straighten
the shaft, which had already been
sunk 50 feet on an incline. In the
straightening process ' some splendid
indications of copiier were opened in
the quartz porphyry. The walls of toe
shaft are vivid red and green in color.
Two 500-pound buckets are used in
hoisting the ore i'J the surface. The
whim works even better than hoped
evhen it was erected. The ground is
soft, and at the present depth there
would be little or no advantage to be
gained by installing machinery.
The timbers on the ground are suffi
cient for a shaft 250 feet deep, and it
is planned to sink with the whim to
that level, unless water is encountered
sooner. When water is struck it will
be necessary, of course, t'o install ma
chinery. DENVER COUNCILMEN
FIGHT HIGH PRICES
'(By Review Leased Wire).
DENVER. June 12. Further steps
tward municipal activity to alleviate
conditions arising from the present
high cost of food, and to prevent a
possible heavy increase in the cost
of fuel were taken by the council to
night. It passed on first reading an
order authorizing the mayor to ap
point an advisory committee of five
to serve without pay. to ascertain the
best and most available means of pro
viding food and feul to the people of
the city at low rates.
Mayor Spear, in a letter urging the
council to take the action said:
"It is impossible for a large number
of our people to exist for any lengh
of time under present conditions.
Rumblings of discontent from the pro
hibitive cost of food are to be heard
in many directions and they will in
crease if relief is not provided."
The operation of municipal coal
mines and the opening of the city
utilitum as a free service mark are
two of the steps suggested to alleviate
present or impending conditions.
UNABLE TO AGREE ON
TROOP MOVEMENT BILL
(By Review Leased Wire.)
! WASHINGTON. June IT,. After an
other day of fruitless discussion of
! the bill empowering the president to
order priority in railroad transporta
tion of troops, war supplies, ami nece s
sities, administration leaders today
planned to force a final vote 'jii the
' measure tomorrow.
VERDE SQUAW WILL
SOON BE IN ACTION
Engineer And Crew Now En
gaged In Adjusting Machin
ery; New Ore Opened Up
In Boulder TunneL
JEROME, June 16. Two weeks
more, at the very most, will see tb
Verde Squaw's machinery in 'operation,
and three weeks will see the machine
drills biting into the wall whica sep
arates the Barter tunnel from the
great ore body which crops nearly 100
feet wide on the side of the mountain
200 feet above.
The engine which is to drive the
compressor was set on its concrete
foundation at the mouth of the tunnel
yesterday. The work of erecting an
engine Louse over both the hoist and
compressor was immediately under
taken. Superintendent William Kin
kelman and a crew-of expert engineers
are adjusting the machinery, making
connections and otherwise preparing
for the day wnen toe engine wili turn
over for the first time.
It will require about a week after
the machinery Is running to enlarge
the Barter tunnel so that men can
work comfortably there, and there will
be no delay in tramming the muck
out t'o the dump. It is estimated that
the face of the tunnel is not over 30
feet from the ore, and the copper may
be even closer than that.
A cook house and bunk house are
also being erected. The men who
were working in toe winze from the
Boulder tunnel were taken from that
work and set to building. Bei'ore work
was suspended in the winze they op
ened ore which looks even better than
the 3 1-2 per cent schist recently dis
closed there. The schist is blacker
and evidently carries a slightly higher
percentage of copper sulpnide: The
bottom of the winze is 30 feet from
the- tunnel level.
DETROIT MINE OPENS
UP RICH ORE BODY
KINGMAN, June 16. In the adit
dritt on the Detroit mine, in Bobtail
Basin, about fourteen miles north of
Kingman, J. J. Conolly has opened a
great body of copper ore. The drift
has been driven some distance in the
ore body, which is started to be six j
feet wide. Tills ore is considered!
quite ncn oy tne owner, who finds U
to be the same as that encountered in
another part of the mine. Mr. Conolly
has been at work on this property
since the first of the year on his own
account. Prior to that time the prop
erty was nnder bond to a man whose
death caused a vacation of the option.
I. M. George is also an owner wltn kicked the embers together and then
Mr. Conolly in the property, and the noticed, against an enormous rock on
gentlemen have been keeping work the other side of the fire a coiled rat
of development under way the past ; tlesnake. now-aroused and threatening
two years. The vein is one of the
largest in that section and is well
mineralized on the surface.
Positively Relieves the
Suffering. '
More Convincing Proof.
When Lydia E. Pinkhan's Vegetable :
Compound wa3 first introduced it3 cur -
htnA hA tn. ,
THIS MEDICINE
WOMEN VALUE
he proved. But the proof came, and '. "uld still be an unknown and un
grariualiy the uso of it spread over the ; worked vein. KnginiH'ring and M!n
whole country. Now that hundreds of j ing Journal.
thousands of women have experienced 1
the most beneficial effects from its use i
ssSSir,:a" I JEROME PORTLAND IS
Th5 following letter iz only one of the i
thousands on our file3. I
Denniscn, Texas. "1 cannot feel I
that I have done my duty until I tell i
what Lydia E. PinV.ham's Vegetable j
Compound has done for mc I suhr?d j
from female troubles so I could hardly 1
drag around End do tr.y work. I was j
very nervous, and had dizzy spells, heat
.lasher, and heacannes until life was a
burl
t ? nusoana orour.t rr.e a Dot- j
t
Compound end I soon began to improve.
I continued it3 use and am now free
from all pains and aches that made life
a burden. You may use this letter in
any way you like for I want the world
to know what a grand medicine Lydia
EL Finkham's Vegetable Compound is. "
Mrs. G. 0. Lowery, 911 S. Barrett
Ave., Denison, Texas.
Write the Lydia E. Pkikham Medi
cine Co., Lynn, Mass., for free advice.
WATKINS & BERGQUIST
Jewelers and Opticians
The HALLMARK Store
DK. W. A. KINGSLEY (Oculist)
Specialist
VK, i:AI!. NOSE and THROAT.
Several years' experience in Lon
iiun. Hi i lin, Paris. Vienna. Deco
..k"1 i'v Kiiiir of Rouuiania in 1913.
Office, 122 N. Stone Avenue.
.iclit Phone 507-J.
Eyes Fitted For Glasses
Ttesoi, - - Arizona.
REVIEW WANT AOS
BRING RESULTS
Senator Clark Is
Rapidly Becoming
Second Rockefeller
Statisticans who have kept a fairly
close tab on the known investments
of ex-Senator W. A. Clark, make the
startling statement this this man, wh'o
earlier in life earned his living as a
bull team driver, and later as a ven
dor of spices and baking powders, is
rapidly approaching the billionaire
class, with prospects of becoming
wealthier than even John D. Rocke
feller. Just what the senators' income is
must remain largely a matter of con
jecture to the public, but his Intimates
say that he could raise one hundred
million dollars in cash within 24 hours
should occasion arise. His United
Verde copper mine alone is said to
be paying him a monthly dividend of
2,000,000. and he is also known
to own mines in Montana. California,
Arizona, Michigan and other states,
besides possessing valuable oil prop
erties in Wyoming. He also owns the
Salt Lake line from Butte to Los
Angeles and substantial stock inter
ests in numerous large and widely di
vergent enterprises. To France in
which country the senator owns a ten
million dollar chateau he made a
loan of fifty million dollars.
Although Senator Clark is 76 years
old. he is as physically capable and as
mentally alert as men who are very
much younger. Every day at his Now
York office he gets telegraphic reports
from his more important holdings and
maintains a close personal supervis
ion over his affairs. It is in New York
city, too, that the senator has his home
an unpretentious edifice on Fifth
avenue, costing a paltry fifAeen mil
lion dollars.
Senator Clark is a philosopher as
well as a financier. He refuses to let
trouble trouble him. "I have learned
never to worry," he declares, "but to
conserve my energies. The result is
that I sleep like a child when my head
touches the pillow and I wake up
fresh for any. task."
Senator Clark's career is a splendid,
object lesson .as regards the great fin'
ancial possibilities of legitimate min
ing. Skilling's Mining Review.
((SameOld Stuff!"
Shoots at Rattler
And Discovers Gold
Same old stuff! For several years
w. E. Noble freighted mine supplier
throught the Calico canyon in Nevada,
! On his hist trip, early in December,
his wagon broke down, and as it was
nearly time for camping, he hobbled
his mules, built a fire, supped ami
rolled himself in bis blanket and went
I to sleep. Toward morning he awoke.
The instant shot from Noble's revol
ver passed through the snake's head
and struck the rock, chipping off a
large scale and revealing,' in the light
of the fire, some glittering substance.
Noble's experienced eyes told him that
il was gold. With his axe he chipped'
off a few pounds of the mixed rock
and ore, rode one of the mules into j
Elko and got an assay. It showed $150
gold and 900 ounces of silver to the
ton. Two or three days blasting into
the rock revealed a true rich vein, and
a party of men paid him $50,000 cash
for his claim. Noble has driven past
that rock some scores of times and
prospectors have prospected all
thrnilfrh that fom-fin XliA thut vat
tler beea two foet t 'th . M or ,eft
. .. . A : " '
wnere it was that rich deposit
FORCED TO SUSPEND
BY BIG WATER FLOW
f '
i
i
Water rose to ;
JEROME. June 16
within 100 feet of the .Jerome
'ort- j
lands 500-foot shaft during t.'ie strike. 1
:ie pumps are under waier, and ,
present prospects are that operations the state uiuil the coming in oi In-j
cannot be resumed before ten days o- spiratiou, which has brought the Gioi.e-.
two weeks have elapsed. j jliami district up to aluiust neck and- j
Heavy bailers have been sent for. j neck standing. Meantime tne W. arren i
and it is possible that they will be ! district is tue backbone of copper pro- j
delivered tomorrow. As soon as the duct.'ou iu the siate .and oi its slicing !
first pump is uncovered rapid progress ' est business and investment cuter- i
can be made in unwatering the shaft. prise. Il not only puts a great deal ol j
The old gallows frame has been re;; money into miuci. Mil is a heavy cuu-!
placed with one 55 feet high, which tnbutor to larm and range develop -i
has two sheave wheels. This will ex-jient. Anything atlccting its strength!
pedite bailing, and also shaft opera would be the treiHcst blow to all of1
tions when the water problem is set
tled. In Connecticut t1.4:U men claimed
exemption and 59,645 aliens register
ed, making total liable to exemption
121,135 out of 159.751 registered.
Any system of pc-sona! ckvinlhrss
isinrcnpk-tg.tha-. does n,-t inch.
a Sanitary Hair DrcssIHrf
this can only mean . -v
MEWBRO'S HERPICiDE
AwHostioos t tbs Utt Urbor Hums
. GaanntMdbrTlMHttBksUCak
BILLION POUNDS THIS
YEAR GOAL OF COPPER
PROPERTIES OF STATE
(Continued i'rom Page One)
Consolidated and Van Dyke developing
companies at Miami are extending
much promise. Miami Consolidated,
however, is in the list f those which
face the need of additional financing.
The property has the merit to justify
such assistance, based upon drill hole
results. These last two are but a frac
tion of a number of meritorious prop
erties in the district wni'h have lar.yc
local investment, and the success o!
which will mean a great deal in many
ways to the community at large. If
they are not hindered in their advance
ment they will make Globe-Miami a
bigger center of activity than Jerome
was during last winter and before her
strike agitation began to put on a
dampening effect.
Globe-Miami will add a couple of
million pounds or more to her monthly
output before the end of tae year, pro
vided there is n'o interference. Miami
Copper company will take care .of 1,
000,000 pounds of the increa.se, being
looked to for a monthly production o:
6,000,000 pounds before very long by
those who are familiar with the situa
tion of the mine and mill. The mine is
in readiness t'o go forward now with
the increased output of ore. Some
shortage of stulls will soon be over
come and remove the only difficulty.
In the mill there has been marked
and rapid progress with remodeling
that has been under way, and with ex
perimental work which is promising
much. Inspiration is doing splendidly,
and Old Dominion gathering headway
steadily. Conditions in the district in
ail respects as to mining, milling and
smelting are in splendid shape to war
rant the expectations which are rea
sonably held for a fall and winter of
unparalleled advance, greater thai.
mai wunesseu in me History ol anj
nlhpr riietrirr in tha ntuto in nsttnt ni
genera, participation in the benefiu.
attendant. The brightness of the out
look can be dispelled through local
Interference, which there is no dispos:
ti'on to permit, or througn colUpse
whidh may be an end of the war fea
ture, but which is not probable.
The Ray-Superior district is a close
second to the Globe-Miami in point o!
rapidly widening and importance gain
ing activities. In production, Ray Con
solidated is gaining steadily. Critici.
of the properties in the past are eacu
month finding occasion for revision ol
their theories, provided they make c
study of improved mining and milling
results that are being obtained and
which are putting the situation of the
t'ompany constantly to the better. It
has only been a question with Ray ol
time in which to work out its problems,
and the time given to their careful and
permanent solution will in the end
have paid oack handsomely. Magma
in the Superior district, is coming
along most desirably. The research
there is on the lower levels and from
these is coming go'od results. Feeling
that this is the making of one of the
biggest and ric&est mines in the state
is not abating. About both Ray and
Magma the successes scored by the
parent companies are giving the eu-
couragement required to gain general
development and production from the
surrounding mineralized zones.
On Threshold of New,Development.
The Ajo district, with New Cornelia
engaged in production and each da
adding increased success to the high
record for efficiency far in excess oi
capacity of plant as rated when specifi
cations were first uiaue, is fixed in
prominence and due for a great deal
further consideration.
In the Warren district tuere is main
tenance of the tremendous develop
ment aud production activities ol the
Copper Queen, Calumet & Arizona and
Shattuck mines. These properties cen
ter in the Warren district the greate.it
! established activities along perma-
uent. fixed lines that are entertained
! in any of the Arizona districts. Ave
nues are openiug through new dcvelop-
uieut which may wonderfully iuciease
the morn and production or tue cis
trict witlnn tiie next year 'or two.
which will be filled with exploratory.
work and new investment. iiut little
will be required to set the district rue-
ing away to place iar in advance
oi
all others, a position it niauiluiued in '
the state that could occur at this time,
by reason of the diversity and exteut
of the investments which would be
checked.
Line the Warren district, the Clifton
M'jrcnci district is upon the tartshuld
of much new development of impor
tance, development which is ;ivin);
promise of making important exten
sion of its ore aieas. Likewise tiny
I have in ii h coming up llnoimh iiu -'
proved mill aud smeller practice that j
! is being broiiuht about. The Slianuoi. j
Copper company is also reaching '.Hit-'
side and exerting important iniliitiicf
in sev eral districts ol the state w lit re
: il is investing money and giving cum :
relent engineernig ability to rseai.u
liicli .5 liktl; Urifc uvjiU
LAKE SUPERIOR IS
MAKING EXTENSIVE
MINE IMPROVEMENTS
HOUGHTON. Mich, June 16. Ev
ery man who can be spared from ac
tual production work is being used
by the Lake Superior copper mines on
the biggest construction program ever
undertaken. The mine managers with
out exception are putting many thou
sands of dollars into work which will
lower production costs in the future
by raising them materially now.
The Mohawk, Wolverine, Quincy
and Calumet & Hecla have started
work on fire sprinkler systems in their
mills. Mass. Consolidated is increas
ing its mill capacity, the Mohawk-Wolverine
mills are installing an expen
sive new turbine and new launders; a
turbine is going in at the Ahmeek
mine; Calumet & Hecla is adding a
new 12,000-kilowatt turbine to Operate
the new electrical tramming and min
ing devices just installed. Isle Roy
ale, Adventure, Mass, Lake, Ahmeek,
Keweenaw Copper and Osceola are
among mines building new houses for
employes, and many mines are adding
new shops. Tamarack mill is being
extended.
The Chilean mills at the Calumet &
Hecla regrinding plant No. 1 are being
replaced with Hardinge conical mills.
The Calumet & Hecla is planning to
build a big flotation plant and is in
creasing the capacity of its leaching
plant from 2.000 to 4.000 tons of sand
daily. The Calumet & Hecla Is spend
ing tirousands of dollars on its Torch
Lake plant to recover a larger percent
age of copper and to treat its great
pile of tailings. Many mines are also
spending money on mechanical haul
age and working out intensive mining
systems whereby more rock can be
mined and hoisted per man employed
than was customary under old sys
tems. WATER INTERFERING
WITH GADSDEN WORK
JEROME, June 16. So much water
is making in the Gadsden shaft that
Superintendent J. K. Hooper may be
forced any day to stop and cut a sta
tion for a pump.
The superintendent lias been plan
ning to bail the water down to the
500foot level and cut a small station
there, running a drift back about 30
feet and making a pump. But dur
ing the three days that the Gadsden
was closed down because of the strike
the water rose some 30 feet. One
day was required for bailing, and the
first round of shots after the resump
tion of work was fired this morning.
The Calumet & Arizona people,
who are developing tiie Gadsden,
have not decided whether they shall
cut a big station and begin to drift
around Tor the ore at the 1000 foot
level or wait until the shaft is 1200
feet deep. They are believers in deep
mining, however, and will "not stop
until the shaft is down at least 1000
feet.
COPPER CHIEF WILL
HAVE NEW OPERATIONS
JEROME. June 16. A new plan of
operations is under consideration for
the Copper Chief Superintendent J. T.
Matson is not in a position to disclose
the details, but intimated that it might
be along the line of deep develop
ment. Since this strike the Copper Chief
.as been moving at about half-speed.
Hefore the walk-out about forty men
were employed, but now only 20 are
on the pay-roll.
"Things are in a rather unsettled
state just now," explained the super
intendent. "We have a new plan un
der consideration, and until we map
out our future line of work we will
run along short handed."
It is believed locally that the new
plan of development involves the
show ing of copper recently opened on
the Wonderful claim.
Santa Catalina Islands
Enjoy your summer outing at this beautiful isle of ths Pacific,
where the air is delightful and where the Bathing, Boating and Fishing
cannot be surpassed.
BAND CONCERTS and DANCING, beginning Jun 30th. free only
to the patrons of the Wilmington Transportation Company (Banning
Line), operating steamers "Cabrlilo" and "Htrmosa."
The ideal resort at which to spend your vacation. '
ISLAND VILLA and CANVAS CITY are special features. Good
accomodations at moderate rates.
BANNING COMPANY, Agents.
104 Pacific Electric Building. .oa Angeles. California.
Ml
Ask
Crandfath
Hell
- S.S.S.Vill Strengthen Ycu
Tell You
properties iii mum
SHOW IIEWACIIIIES
(Continued From Page Oney
Ithe Copper Lode Mines company," lo
cated in the Cherry Creek district be
tween Jerome and Mayer, has been
overhauled and renorated preparatory
to resumption of operations on the
gold-bearing ores exposed In the mp
per levels of the mine. Mr. H. P. Dick
inson, managing director and consult
ing engineer for the company, win ar
rive here from Chicago in a few days
to superintend the initial run on or
and to lay out plans for the develop
ment of the copper ore bodies exposed
In the bottom of the shaft a depth ef
640 feet The gold ore hat a general
average value of $20 per ton and tbe
copper ore a general average content
of 6 per cent per ton. For the past
sfx weeks work has for the most part
been confined to freeing the mine from
water.
Development of the estate of the Ari
zona Copper Queen Mining company,
located between Mayer and Cortes
a corporation distinct from the Copper
Queen Mining company, adjoining- the
Binghamton mine is being prosecut
ed under contract and by leasers. Tha
latter have set op a plant of nachn
ery at the collar of an old shaft and
are taking out 15 per cent copper ore.
A shipment will be made to the smel
ter at Mayer early in July. The
main shaft has a depth of 170. feet
and is being sunk to the 500-foot point
by three shifts of miners. The prop
erty shows a wide area of mineraliza
tion and is one of the most promising
to the south of Jerome. Kansas City
capital is behind the venture.
Big Reef Will Ship Soon.
Another shift of miners wilt be add
ed to the working force at the prop
erty of the Big Reef Copper company
before the close of the current month.
The new men will, however, be em
ployed at points on the estate other
than the main shaft. The latter ia in
ore that carries considerable chalco
pyrite. Mineral conditions continue
to improve as depth is gained. At sur
face and nominal depth the Big Reef
property shows "pay" silicious ore.
throughout and extended area. With
the increased capacity of the smelter
at Mayer, brought about through, the
installation of a 500-ton blast furnace,
there Is a demand for the silicous ores
on the nearby Big Reef estate, which
Managing Director Dell Rlggios wilH
supply by surface prospecting the.
acreage.
After a short suspension of opera
tions, due to defective flues in the
boiler, the big plant of machine at
the Lone Pine mine of the Loma Ver-
. . .
u copper company is again tn com
mission. Approximately 50 tons of
high grade copper ore is piled en
dump for shipment, and now the mine
plant is once more on the job further
high grade tonnage will be added to
the pile as development work pro
gresses. The first job at hand, how
ever, is that of freeing the shaft of
water. While this work is nnder way
a crew of miners will find employment
in prospecting the long tunnel driven
by former operators of the property.
This tunnel has yielded a considerable
tonnage of high grade copper ore and
there yet remains therein a consider
able tonnage of similar grade .
The new ball mill at the Bingham
ton mine wrnt into commission a few
days ago and is proving a most effici
ent agent in increasing the output or
the reduction plant. Prior to its in
stallation the mill was turning out an
average of 25 tons of copper concen
trates daily. The output is now
around 50 tons per day. Mine Super
intendent Chaney is stopping ore at
seven points and is sending a product
to mill that samples an average of 6
per cent copper at the "heads." With
the increase in milling capacity the
Binghamton will probably tarn out ia
excess of 400,000 pounds of copper
matte this month as against a trifle
less than 300.00 pounds for May.
Bill introduced by French minister
of finance asks authority to lend to
France's allies and friends 2.13S.0OO
000 additional francs (1427.600.000).
making total of such advances by
France over 6.000.000.000 francs ($1.-200,000.000.)
You Want To Bo
Strong And Well
Keep your blood pure : that's the only wsy, Doat
wait until you feel badly, but begin NOW. Im
purities in the blood put unnecessary work upon
all the organs, making weakness and old age come)
quicker. Do as Grandfather did; take S, S. &
the best of all blood tonics, proven for 50 years.
Take it now; take it often, and you will have)
strength, health and happiness. At your druggist's;
SWIFT SPECIFIC CO, ATLANTA. CA. THE B1SBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JUNE 17, 1917.
THREE
' . , -Jjik.. isl-ijr ifrfr--- f4pr '"jf
One of the most interesting an
nouncements in many months was
that made during the last week of the
engagement of Wis Myrtle- Arborn
anMr. Albert J. Detloff, both popu
lar residents of this city. Miss Ar
born ene of Bisbee's most charming
young women, has been a resident ol
this city for many years and is the
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Robert Ar
born. For some time past she has
been in charge of the box office at the
Orphenm theatre. Mr. Detloff is pres
ident and manager of the Progressive
Amusement Company, operating the
Orpheom, Eagle and Central theatres.
Mr. Detloff entered the theat
rical field in Douglas, later mov
ing to Bisbee. He 4a the son of Mr.
and Mrs. John Detloff of Bisbee, a na
tive sen of Arizona and graduate of
the Arizona State University, and one
of the most popular young men in the
state.
Both Miss Arborn and Mr. Detloff
have hundreds of friends throughtuot
Southern Arizona who are flooding
them with congratulations. No date
has as yet been set for the wedding,
but it is '.rumored that Mies Arborn
will change her name before the sum
mer is over."
Miss Catherine Mariette is expected
home tomorrow morning from Chica
go, where she has been attending the
Nation Kindergarten college. Miss
Dorothy Rauene will spend the sum
mer vacation with Miss Mariette. Both
young ladies will return to the college
in the fall.
I
Dr. W. F. Haas gave abirthday par
ty Monday afternoon for his daughter.
Miss Sylvesta, who was eight years
old on that day. The decorations
were all red, white and blue. Among
those ' attending . were: Marcellus
Smock. Loretta and Ruth Coles, Dor
is Robinson, Regene Robinson, Dor
othy Jackson, Louise Enochs, Junior
Hunt, Elizabeth Hunt, May Cane,
RgjsWda i Miller, Jane Parrish, Jane
Oain, Paul and Dprett Brown and
Sylvesta' Haas. '
Mrs. Sadie Hendry of Tucson, grand
chief of the Pythian Sisters, was the
guest of honor at the regular meet
ing of the local lodge at the I. O. O.
F. hall Thursday evening. After the
regular business was' transacted, re
freshments were served. The Pythian
Sisters' lodge in this city is rapidly
increasing in membership, and many
social affairs are planned during the
next few months.
Mrs. F. B. Anderson of Mason Hill,
was hostess to a jolly crowd of little
folks yesterday afternoon at 'a party
given at the Anderson home in honor
ofNhe sixth birthday of little Rex
Anderson. The hours were spent in
nlavine earn eg and music, and the !
guests were served all the candy, ice
cream and cake they could eat. Mrs.
Anderson was assisted by Mrs. C. E.
Hicks and Mrs. Frank Cosgrove.
Among the guests were Ruth and
Elizabeth Ore, Grace Brownlie, Lau
rane Byer, Lucille Coover, Billy
Coover, Margaret Tenwick, Dorothy
Cosgrove, Jennie Hanning, Evelyn
McKenna, Marcellus Smock, Jane
Cain. Roberta Brittle, J. C. MacGre
gor. Junior Hunt, Clyde Novis. Harvey
and Ralph Gundry and Teddy Kinney.
'
James Marion of Bisbee, left Thurs
day morning for the coast, where he
will remain on a vacation visit during
the coming month: He will visit with
friends in Seattle before returning to
this city.
Miss Elsie Toles, superintendent of
schools in Cochise county, returned to
her post in Tonibstone several days j
ago, atter naving visiiea quite a mie j
wnn relatives ana irienas in mis cuy.
Miss To'les is a BiEbee girl and her
visits are always welcomed by scores
of friends:
Miss Louise Sporleder, an enrolled
Re d Cross dietician, will conduct the
classes in dietetics in this city to be
held under the auspices of the Red
Cross. The first class will meet at
seven o'clock Tuesday evening at the
V VUVET
f v Pure. Nearly neutral
;xvy.ay scsnted. It produces a
t x5l sn'L ci:a:r.v la'.hsr. rc-
r.iovr s Impurities, lcavirithe flcch
as so:t as vt-"ct ana without that
("rrwa feeling aiways following
tlvs u; cf an alkaline soap.
Chu e use it a. id you will be
a convert for life.
C ill ior r r Sample, or send I
cestt
tj to ct.-ct cost of maiiin and I rr
..I, '"-"-re S'-n." j i.,V
Donalds .Marincllo Sho '
McDon
Fhone 305 M .
rA--flm,fV:w
Y. W. C. A. Attendance is open to all
women of the Warren District, and the
classes are expected to prove unusu
ally popular.
Mrs. Violet Dennison and Miss Et-
ea Sanders of. Tombstone, were in this
city Friday and Saturday visiting
friends. They returned to their borne
in the county seat yesterday after
noon. Mrs. William H. Deatherage, wife of
the pastor of the First Christian
church, entertained the superintendent
and teachers of the bible school at the
church Friday night. Refreshments
were served and a pleasant evening
was passed by all present.
Mrs. Roy Davis and baby from San
ta Barbara, Cal., ae visiting Mrs. J.
R. Fitzpatric, her sister in Bisbee.
"
Miss Bertha Troike and Elvis Smith
were married at 6 o'clock Tuesday ev
ening at the home of Mr. and Mrs. S.
A. Walker, of Warren. The home was
prettily decorated and the ring cere
mony was performed by the Rev. A. J.
Irwin. Little Georgia Earhart ana
Master Curtis Walker acted as flower
and ring bearers. A dainty wedding
dinner followed the ceremony. Mr.
and Mrs. Snith will make their froine
in the Warren District.
Miss Murphy, who has been visiting
for the past" few weeks on the coast,
returned home Wednesday.
Mrs. William Kicke and daughter
left this week for their home in Albu
querque, N. M.
The Lady Maccabee club members
will be entertained Wednesday even
ing, June 20, at the home of Mrs. E.
B. Mathews, Warren.
Farewell Luncheon.
The young women clerks 'ol the
postoffice gave a delightful luncheon
in honor of Miss Barbara Sherer at
the Copper Queen hotel last Sunday
evening. Miss Sherer is being trans
ferred to the postoffice at Oatman,
Ariz. Those present were: Miss Anna
Hampston. Miss Bratch, Miss Alice
Budre, Miss Herma Ablees, Miss Ben
ita Lewis, Miss Clara Fernett Miss
First Christian Church.
Preaching and communion serv ices.
11 o'clock a. m.
Mr. C. P. Jackson will sing a solo.
Bible school, 10 o'clock a. m. L. T.
Fraxier, Supt
Endeavor Society meets 6:30 p.'m.
Preaching services, 7:45 p. m.
You are invitedi to attend the serv
ices and worship with us. W. S.
Deatherage, Minister.
Presbyterian Church.
Sunday school -at 9:45 a. ni., with
classes for all ages.
Union young people's meeting in
this church at 6:45 p. m.
Preaching by the pasl'or at 11 a. m.
and at 7:45 p. m.
Mid-week meeting, Wednesday, at
7:30 p. m.
Choir practice, Thursday evening,
John E. Fry, Pastor.
Methodist Episcopal Church.
Sunday school, 9:45.
Public worship, 11. "Our Duty
to
an Erring Brother."
Union young people's meeting, Pres
byterian church, 6:30.
Evening service, 7:45.
On account of the sickness of some
members and the absence of others,
the band concerts will be postponed
to a later date. Charles W. iiarshman,
pastor
Tl:ere will be preaching service at
old school house. Warren. June 17, at
11 a. in.; also at South Bisbee on the
same day at 8 p. ni. A. J. Irwin.
First Baptist Church.
Srnday school, 9:45.
J. II. Braua-
man. Supt
. Pleaching, 11. Subject,
"How Gos-
i pel Makes Men Holy."
Junior B. Y. P. U, 6:45.
Special program, 7:45. J. H. Bohm-
folk, Yansey, Tex.: J. C. Carver. Little
K'jck, Ark. .and Samuel Kerr, Los An
geles, Cal., will each have part on pro
gram. Wednesday evening prayer meeting.
Thursday evening, choir practice.
Sunday, 2 p. m.. a number of the
church people will go to Naco and
prearh and sing for the soldiers. F.
M. Pitman.
St. Paul's Episcopal Church.
.Sunday school, 9:45 a. in.
Morning service in connection with
coming Red Ci'jt-s campaign, 11 a. in.
During absence of rector, the serv
ices will be conducted by Mr. Thomas
Muat. H. S. Brewster, Rector.
Christian Science Society.
Christian Science Society of Itisbee
holds services in Odd Fellows' Hall at
11:00 a. in. The public is welcome and
invited to attend. Subject for Sunday.
I June 1 lth, "God, the Preserver ol
i Mj-u."
1
The Churches
Sherer and Miss Clara Olson. After
an enjoyable luncheon they all attend
ed the Orpheum. Miss Sherer will be
missed by her many friends in Bisbee,
but while they regret her departure
they know in her new surroundings
many new friends will be added t'J her
list, who will see that the pleasures
of life shall not go by without touch
ing her. Miss Sherer left for Oatman
Monday night
Miss Agnes Perry left Tuesday night
for Phoenix to visit home folks. She
intends returning in the fall to resume
her schc'ol duties.
Mr. and Mrs. Gilbert Maston have
returned from their honeymoon - and
are at home to friends in Bisbee.
Miss Addie Wittig is spending a
few weeks in Ramsey canyon.
.
The business meeting held by the
B. Y. P. U. at the Baptist church was
one of the events of the week. After
the business was over, an enjoyable
evening was spent by the members
and ice cream and cake were served.
Wedding la Surprise.
Miss Thomasina Lowery and Alex
ander Mitchell Reid were married in
St John's Episcopal church Sunday
afternoon, the ceremony being read by
the Rev. E. W. Simonson. Mr. and
Mrs. A. Nicholson attended the young
couple. The ceremony was performed
in the presence of but a few intimate
friends of the bride and bridegroom.
Mr. and Mrs. Reid are spending their
honeymoon in the mountains. They
wiU return in a few weeks and make
their home in Bisbee. The wedding
6 as a complete surprise t'j the many
friends of the young couple.
Smith and Todd.
Miss Mable Clarie Smith and De
Witt Fabian Todd were married at the
home of the bride's parents in Naco,
Sunday. The bride was given away
by her mother. Mr. and Mrs. William
B. Burrows acted as attendants. Only
members of the families of the con
tracting parties and a few intimate
friends were present The ceremony
was read by Rev. Charles W. Harsh-
men, of this city. After a dainty wed
ding breakfast had been served, Mr.
and Mrs. Todd left for a two-weeks'
visit on the coast after which they
will make their home in Naco.
Popular Couple Wed.
Miss Anabel Bowser and Charles L.
Sinclair were married at the Parks ho
tel, Tuesday night at 8 o'clock. The
reception room of the hotel was taste
fully decorated with palms and roses.
Both Mr. and Mrs. Sinclair are resi
dents of Bis'bee. Judge M. C. High
performed the ceremony.
The Ladies' Aid of the Baptist
church passed a very pleasant after
noon with Mrs. George Gillman in
Warren, Thursday. The afternoon
was spent with fancy work after
which ice cream and cake were served.
The members and friends of the
Baptist Ladies' Aid are requested to
meet at the church promptly at 2
o'clock on Thursday, June 21, to go
to the high school and assist with the
Red Cross work,
The fire boys of Upper Tombstone
Canyon, entertained their wives and
friends Thursday. The evening was
spent in dancing after which ice
cream and cake were served. Every
one said, "the boys surely know how
to entertain."
Mrs. Cooper and daughters, of Tomb
stone Canyon, left Wednesday morn
ing for a few weeks stay on the coast
utter which they will join Mr. Cooper
in Virginia.
Mrs. Walter G. Hubbard and sor.s
left Friday morning for Joplin, Mo.,
where tbey will visit through the
summer months.
Miss Laura Davis left Friday for
Flagstaff, to visit her sister. While in
Flagstaff Miss Davis will attend the
summer term of the normal school.
Miss Grace Perkins of Houston, Tex.,
is visiting Mr. and Mrs. Sam H. Kyle
of this city.
Mrs. W. G. Hanson left Friday night
for a short stay on the coast.
On Vacation at Miller's Canyon.
The Silver Link Girls' club of the
Y. W. C. A. left for Miller's Canyon.
Wednesday morning where they will
enjoy a week's outing. There were fif
teen in the party which included Mrs.
W. H. Stratton, who will be in charge
of the camp.
The loyal order of Elks, families and
friends celebrated Thursday evening
in a Flu s Iay exercise. W. G. Gil
more gave a very interesting address
which was enjoyed by all.
K. W. Raines and family left Satur
day morning for their old home iii
Kentucky. The Raines expect to make
their home there.
Brilliant Colors Vie With Each Other
For Supremacy In New Garments
Any time nVw you will be going ;
away for your summer holidays. There i
will be lots of good Umes with heaps
of giggles in them. You will be tre-j
mendously busy doing nothing at all, !
and the weekly letters that you prom
ised to write to your six best friends
will come to a close after the first
week.
Y'ju need quite a good many clothes
in summer; many mora than any other
time of the year. At your age you will
probably have your dresses in the
was a as often as your mother will al
low you to. Gingham wont fade if the
colors are set properly. The best way
to set the colors is tt soak them over
night in cold water, using three table
spoonfuls of salt to two gallons of
water. This summer, everything falls
soft and straight and if you have your
dresses ironed without any starch they
will look exactly like new.
A dress extremely smart for hot
weather is a litUe empire dress with
a white lawn b?juse that can be laun
dered separately. The fancy bolero
probably appeals more to your daugh
ter, and she will no doubt insist on
the large, square, open neck. The
skirt would be very pretty straight
and plaited.
What every young girl and woman
needs for summer is a separate blouse-
Camp Fire Girls Enjoying
"Simple Life" at Camp In
The Huachuca Mountains
Five years ago last April the first
camp fire in Bisbee, the Aloha, was
organized, and all through the years
this group of girls has blazed the way
for the activities among other school
girls, for thus far no attempt -has been
made to carry the work beyond school
year3.
Of the class graduating this year
from high school six were Alohas, and
two of these were charter members.
In June, 1913, the first camp was
made in Ramsey Canyon, and the
crudity of that outing will be long re
membered by all; the sleeping on the
ground, the cooking over an open fire,
the long ride from Hereford by team.
Yet so much real enjoyment and bene
fit was gotten from that week in the
open, that every succeeding year not
only these girls, but others in increas
ing numbers have gone, learning to
love the outdoors, and all that camp
life stands for.
Equipment Secured.
Last year through the generosity of
interested friends, tents and camp
equipment were given, that the outing
might be upon a larger scale, and
mad 3 more comfortable. The camp
was established among the beautiful
oaks of Garden Canyon, but after a
month it had to be given up, because
of border trouble. In August a second
camp was made, this time in Ramsey.
Canyon. During the 1916 season
78 girls were enabled to have an
outing. Several of those had spent
all their lives in Bisbee, and saw for
the first time green canyons, large
trees and running water.
This summer another move was
mad a, and Camp Deonagano was estab
lished in Miller Canyon, where we
hope to make our permanent summer
home. Miss Marie Bartlett, of the
Bis tee high school, is' director of the
camp for this season, assisted by the
guardians of the different camp fires,
as tiiey go with their girls.
Cool, Clear Stream.
Deonagano is two miles above the
Garces postoffice, in Palmerlee Park
under wide spreading sycamore trees,
that give shade all day long. The
"cool, clear stream" that the name
means, affords opportunity for wading
and bal.'iing, while a shower in a
sheltered cove adds to' the fun.
The daily hike to the postoffice by
a d-:tail of girls, the trips to Miller
Peak or to C'arr Canyon prevent mono
tony in camp life. Letters from home
are watched for as anxiously as
though they were away months, in
stead of days. The first on the ground
this year were the Adamanas, with
their guardian, Mrs. Henry Poppcn.
This group bore the burden of the
pioneering work, helping to erect the
tents, clear the ground, build the out
door fireplace, and put in place the
crane, with its swinging kettle.
The "bedrooms" were cleared, and
the t-ots placed in groups, sheltered
from the kitchen and living quarters.
Girls Enjoy Camp.
Following, the Adawanas were the
Lowell camp fire, and this week Mrs.
W. S. Stratton with her Silver Link
girls are in camp. The Asautl and
Warren camp fires follow this week,
regaining ten days.
The girls of the Adawana Camp
Camp Fire were Luc He Trenham.
Helen Medegovich, Viola Busses,
Grace Mitchell, Florence Lambert, Ida
ilutermau. Vera lialliday, Bern ice
Waltliam, Alma Ik-am, Ella Core. Jeau
Waters. With them were three girls
not iiieinl.ers of the clubs, Irene Grf
tith. Lucile Charon and Barbara All
aire. The foil. 'wing article from "Woliclo"
the official liiiisaiiiie of the Camp Fire
Girls of the country contains a lot of
good advice, that the local girls are
following at the tamp:
waist and skirt. A pretty design for
this is shown in a blouse with a be
coming sailor collar, deep revers and
soft full sleeves, the back coming over
the shoulders in yoke effect to the
gathered or tucked front A four-piece
skirt with two box plaits at the side
forms a very pretty model for the skirt.
A tea cloth and napkins in tatting
are delightful parts of the summer tea
table.
What forms a neater or later trim
ming for a one-piece dress than the
new metal belt and hand-embroidery
in contrasting Colors.
The khaki or flannel suit is very
sensible for summer outings. The
suit seems a trifle more feminine to
wear the peplum blouse shirt over
one's long trousers.
This is the day 'of the sailor boy,
and what is nicer and cooler for the
small boy than the white sailor suit.
It seems parasol season is here and
the local stores are displaying a very
pretty line.
The newest form for a gingham
dress is shown in a shirt waist dress
) with full skirt and large pockets fast
1 ened at the belt and left hanging
! loose over the hips.
Do you know that every scrap of
food that you leave on your plate
might be helping to keep a hungry
child in Europe from starving? If you
were seated at a table on which all
the food in the house was set and
even this was barely enough to feed
all the people present you would not
j help yourself to more than you want-
ea, nor wouia you tnrow away that
which was left on your plate. You
could not bare to have your wasteful
ness cause others to go hungry. Just
so, you could not endure to have little
half-starved children looking at you
while you wasted food, their hungry
eyes would haunt you.
This is exactly the situation today;
we have got to feed our friends, the
I Ames. Ana we nave got to ieea our
selves. We are going to take some
four to six million laborers away from
their present work for the army. With
this shortage of labor, we cannot in
crease the amount of wheat, corn,
beef, or pork which we produce un
less every girl begins to help now.
Although we are all going to do
what we can with gardens, we cannot
do a great deal. In Kansas, alone,
there are four million acres of land
which a year ago had wheat planted
on it, and which now is unplanted be
cause of the lack of labor. In spite
of this, we believe that there is enouzh
I food, provided it is used economical! v.
Imagine yourselves as seated at a
table with our English cousins and
French comrades. You have looked at
the food on the table and you find that
there is not a scrap to spare. You
are going to show your training and
your good manners, and if anybody
is going to suffer, you are going to
insist that it is going to be ourselves,
the hosts and hostesses. When we
stop to think of the agonies they have
been going through while we have had
a great era of prosperity, we shall
realize that it is time to treat Lhcin
as our honored guests. In other word j,
we shall have patriotic table man
ners.. We shall do this not only because
it iii a duty, but because it is a great
privilege. We shall look at the people
who waste food, who are willing to
overeat while other people go hun
gry, who are willing as hosts to take
the best of the food at the table leav
ing their guests to get anything they
can, as disloyal to their country.
Here are sonic suggestions for help
ing our guests as well as ourselves.
1. Save and use every scrap of
bread or other wheat product. Use
it as toast, grind it and use it as
dressing. We shall describe ways of
doing this later on.
2. Use meat or eggs but once a
day. We in America use more meat
than is good for us. There will be a
marked decrease in the so-called de
generative diseases of middle age if
we lessen the amount of meat we eat.
2. Use all left-over bits of meat
and bones for soups, and hashes.
When using bones for soup be sure
to crack the bones.
4. Use corn in place of wheat to
a considerable extent. Corn is the
great American grain. Think of the
romance of It. We are the only peo
ple in the world who really know how
to use it. The cost now is much less
than the tost of wheat Every bit of
corn that we eat releases just that
much wheat that can be shipped to
Europe. Any family can eat corn :.n
place of wheat at least one half of the
time, by using corn biscuits, corn
lirend. corn griddle cakes. Indian pud
ding, samp hominy, fried mush, coru
pone. We shall show different ways
to. use corn from mouth to month iu
(Continued on Page Four.)
WEEK!
MEN'S CHRISTIAN ASSOOATIOH
OF WARREH BUG DISTRICT
Men'i Department.
Industrial Secretary Buck has now
announced three different dates for
the return of his wife. Some of the
boys of becoming very suspicious, Mr.
Buck.
On account of the Red Cross cam
paign next week, the membership ban
quet has been necessarily, postponed
until Wednesday evening, June 27.
Get your name on the list if you want
to be there.
C. C. Mitchell, the general office
assistant who is at Murrietta Hot
Springs, where he went to recuperate,
reports that he landed there all right
but not on his feet, as he had to be
carried into the hotel. The doctor
has pronounced bis ailment affection
of the kidneys, but thinks a couple
weeks at the springs will straighten
out the difficulty. Mitchell's numer
ous freinds are hopeful for his speedy
recovery.
Bronk Millard is out of the hospital
and says he will soon be ready with
his Kilfish Club, to put on a swim
ming exhibition that wiU startle the
natives.
Rev. H. S. Brewster, leader of the
Fellowship Bible Study Club, ia spend
ing a month's vacation back at his
old home in New Jersey, and incident
ally gatehring some very valuable ma
terial for his club work when it opens
up In the fall.
A letter just received from former
physical director Harry McLaughlin,
conveys the information that he failed
to make the officer's reserve corps at
the Presidio, and that he was enjoying
a much needed rest at Calexico, Cat,
where he was employed as a cow
puncher. He says the weather out
there is surely next to old Nick's hut
a sweet bath every day and without
taking off your clothes.
It's condition that counts in every
contest, from golf to marathon, from
tennis to prize fighting and it's condi
tion that counts in the contest of life.
The young fellow who comes down to
work in the morning with a clear eye
and a clear brain, full of pep, phy
sically and mentally, is the lad who'
going to take all the knocks that life
may hand out and keep coming back
for more until the battle begins to
go his way.
But the man who shows up in the
morning with a big head and a bleary
eye won't last more than a round or
two. He'll go down for the count,
and has pals will say, "He was a good
guy. but he never was in shape to
do much."
And don't talk about a "lucky
punch." In the ring or in business
you'll notice it's always the man who's
in condition that slips over the lucky
punch. Live clean and straight and
when your chance comes to land one,
you'll be able to slip over the wallop
that counts. And too, it's your condi
tion that counts these hot days here
in Bisbee. No better way to keep in
the trim of condition, that by taking
a shower bath daily and then a plunge
in the pool. Speed up on the number
of bathes you are taking and see if
you don't feel much better, and then
don't forget to convey the good news
to that other fellow who is not a
member and pull him in.
Gi' nn H. Bowers of Monrovia. Cali
fornia is a new arrival in Bisbee. Mr.
Bouers has joined the "V", and will
rem.-in for-the summer, returning to
California in the fall. He is employed
at t' e Czar shaft.
W illaee S. Badger, a resident of
Clev 'land, Ohio, is a new arrival in
the '.a ni p. Badger took out a mem
bership In the "V." immediately upon'
arriving here. He hopes to remain
for 'he summer, returning to Cleve
land in the fall.
II :s. Lewis L. LeCuyer and son and
her :uother. Mrs. McNeil, all of Holly-
woo'!. California, will arrive in Bis-'
bee tbout June 20th. Mrs. LeCuyer ;
is t e wife of tbe popular furniture j
sale man of the Queen store. Lewis ,
is both jubilant and busy preparing1
for their arrival. j
The crack swimmers were all out
Thursday night doing fancy stunts In'
Uie pool, much to the delight of every-:
one. Were you one of the crowd, if
not why not get in line, this hot sultry
weather nothing like it
Dame Rumor, through the messen
ger boys, report a wedding in the
near future one of the prominent
bachelor members Page might make
verification if he only would.
If you really want to view the "sub
lime and the ridiculous," just drop in
the lobby any evening when a real
good waltz is being played on the Edi
son, and take a peep at Sid Werthen
he has just about learned to trip the
lit;lt fantastic and bis feet will not
keep still.
Word has just been received from
Edward Sands at Long Beach, saying
that lie sure is enjoying himself on
the l-each and sends his regards to all
his friends iu Eisbee. L'd owucd a
tailor shop on Brewery Gulch while
here.
Leslie McFarland has just returned
from EI Paso, where he went, for final
examination for the signal corps.
Mac says he is ready to go any Um
they want him.
Lost: Four razor blade's, by E. L.
Cooke, and seven by L. L. LeC rarer,
"somewhere in Bisbee." Finder please
return to the "Y" as tbey are needed
here.
E. P. Jackson has just Bold his cam
era outfit wonder what is the matter
with Jack, as he used to be a camera
fiend.
Albert May has transferred his mem
bership from Montogemry, Ala., to the
Bisbee "Y."
Last but not least to join the Palm
Beach Suad is L. J. Hall, and Jas. E.
Congdon will have one too, before the
week is out.
All those Interested or wishing to
play hand ball will leave their names
at Y. M. C. A. Tournament to start
soon.
Following are those who have join
ed or renewed their membership dar
ing the past week: Geo. Pr Douler,
Emll B. Yoakum. Fred Reed. 0. B.
Averitt. Wallace S. Badger, Howard
Glenn Bowers, Jason L. Frye. John
Martin, G. P. Mizel. Newman Nelson,
W. B. Patterson, Ole Svela, H. XX.
Thomas, Perry A. Weyeneth. Geo. A.
Calivas. A. J. Detloff, Steve Grego
Tlch. Wm. Hawley, Ureal KoskL W.
Morgenstein. M. E. Shelton. R. L.
White. Wm. Wyrick, A. R. Millet.
John Davis, Fred Allen. W. H. Will
iams and A. Brown.
Boys Department.
The current week was not very
strong on new members; only four
have so far signed up for a good time
this summer. They are: Eben D.
Lane, Eddie Conley, George Warren,
and Vernon Carr.
The patriotic camp farm, nnder the
direction of Secretary Martin is in full
swing now and in a few days there
will be a new crowd of fellows go out
to have a good time; not saying any
thing about what tbey are doing tor
their country. Some of the boys came
home, for several reasons: Tbe two
main reasons were misbehavior and
homesickness.
The telephone Is tbe most popular
thing in the Boys Dep't at the present
time, for the high school boys cannot
see their best girls to make dates so
they have to can them up, and as a
result the wire is generally hot, thoae
who keep it the hottest being Hoesch.
Vasalia, Campbell and Debely.
Giffle Williams resigned as Boys'
Department Assistant Secretary and
has taken a job in the Miners and
Merchants Bank. He is the draft
clerk who opens and closes the wlu?
dows.
Tbe W. D. T. club met last Thurs
day under the direction of Mr. H.
Crockett their leader. After a meet
ing in the club room they adjourned
to the swimming pool the most popu
lar place in the Y. M. C. A. or the
most popular place in the state.
Arthur Peterson. Kenneth Adami.
and Arthur Ojeda are talking about a
kodaking trip to the Huachucas. They
say that they are going to have three
pretty Janes with them but when any
one says anything about the girls
they won't talk on such subjects.
The Woodcraft League has merged
into the Scout movement, which line
of work the Y. M. C. A. has taken up.
Clark Core the Boys' Dept. tennis
shark is content with the Pingpong
while his lady friends are playing
tennis. He is sure some bolong
slicker.
The water and Hires' are ice cold
now days. Come around and take a
drink. The water ia free sad tbe
Hires' costs 5c.
All boys between the ages of ten
and eighteen not members of the "Y"
are urged to join at once, aad be en
titled to a good swim three times
week.
Vitolox
"I was raised In the South, Subject
to malarial conditions ail my life.
During my sixty odd years I have
probably taken a barrel of medicine.
Some time ago I got a dollar bottle
of Vitolox, and 1 must say this remedy
seems to take more poison from the
system than anything 1 ever took. I
have gained several pounds and feel
like a new man."
J.C CANNON.
McGOFFIN AVI..
EL PASO. TtX.
6 Bottles will cure any case of mus
cular or inflammatory rheumatism.
Sold on a guaraute. THE BISEEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JUNE 17, 1917,
r
SUMMER WASH FROCKS AT $7.50 TO $30.00
Many lovely Wash Dresses in Voiles, Organdies,
Lawn, French Gingham and Cotton Crepe in Plaids,
Stripes and Embroidered Voiles, trimmed with large col
lars, fancy buttons, Lace, Net and Sashes.
BILLIE BURKE WASH DRESSES, AT $2.75 AND $2.95
Beautiful white Galatea and gingham dresses in
misses sizes from 14 to 18 years, Galatea trimmed with
blazer stripes in red, blue, pink, etc. Gingham trimmed
in solid colors.
rouR"
1 1 ii i
! -V IB' 3B
Matchless Values in Wool Suits
Women wishing to economize w ill find these suits irresistible in styles
and price. In this lot of over 100 suits, you will find the best models that
have been comine out this season. Included are Wool Poplin, Wool Jersey,
Poiret Twill, Men's Wear Serge, Wool Gaberdine, Eng
lish Mixtures and fancy striped woolen fabrics, adorned
with braids, buttons and touches of embroidery with large
cape collars of silk, belted as well as plain and straight line
tailored models, many are copies of imported models in all
staple shades, sport colors and black and white.
$17.50 Values at .$13.25 $30.00 Values at $22.50
$20.00 Values at $15.00 $32.50 Values at $24.50
$21.00 Values at $15.75 $35.00 Values at $26.25
$22.50 Values at $17.00 $37.50 Values at $28.50
$25.00 Values at $18.75 $39.50 Values at $30.00
$27.50 Values at $21.00 $45.00 Values at $33.75
$29.75 Values at $22.50 $50.00 Values at $37.50
Sale of Women's New Sport Suits
Women who come here tomorrow will get a new idea of what consti
tutes good values, and we believe if you will examine there suits you will
agree with us that there is more snap and style as well as greater intrinsic
worth, than is to be found in Suits at similar prices else
where. There are Wool and Sport Silk Suits only in this
lot, in pastel and sport shades in printed dots and stripes.
Faille Silk, Khaki-Kool Silk Jersey and Taffeta in sport
colors.
(w
$27.50 Values at $21.00
$30.00 Values at $22.50
$32.50 Values at $24.50
$35.00 Values at $26.25
$37.50 Values at $28.50
$39.50 Values at $30.00
$42.50 Values at $32.00
$47.50 Values at $36.00
$50.00 Values at $37.50
$55.00 Values at . . . $41.25
$57.50 Values at $43.50
$60.00 Values at $45.00
$62.50 Values at $47.00
$65.00 Values at $48.75
,4--i a .
Women's Fashionable
Wash Skirts At $1.50 to $7.50
ml Br li fe J
Fashionable sum
mer Wash Skirts of
Cotton Gaberdine,
Co(ton Corduroy,
Pique, Rammey Lin
en, Cotton Repp and
a number of other
fancy white cotton
materials, with color
ed sun dots and wide
stripes, checks and
figures.
Bargain Booth Ribbon Sale
Monday and Tuesday
A Special Purchase of one thousand yards of Rib
bon in plain colors, floral patterns, hat band ribbons, and
plaid3. Many of these are worth two to three times the
sale price. Special for Monday and Tuesday at the yard
WIDE, PLAIN AND FANCY RIBBON .
One thousand yards of plain and fancy wide ribbon,
worth up to 75c' the yard. Special at the yard
On Sale At Bisbee And Lowell Stores.
12!t
29c
Kayser SUR Hose At $2.00
An entirely new number with a patented feature that stops the
run. All pure silk, in good colors.
nmmtx irfirlcpr WArdrnnt I ranks
H For The Vacationist
L
In the Mendel Drucker noth
ing is ever "at the bottom" or "in
the back.' The hinge with its de
tachable arms and hangers enable
you, by one simple operation, to
reach any garment without disturb
ing any other.
Drawers are conveniently ar
ranged to hold all your other per
sonal necessities. Space for a large
hat may be secured by turning one
drawer upside down.
Trunks of all descriptions for the summer vacationist at most any
price you wish to pay. Select your trunk now if you are to go for a
trip this summer, while our stock is complete.
Women's Summer Dresses
To $20 Values at $13.75
An unusual lot of Dresses in Crepe de Chine, Shantung,
Georgette Crepe and combination of Taffeta and Georgette Crepe
in colors of Navy, White, Green, Black and White and Natural
Shantung and Khaki-Kool Prints. Exceptional values at $13.75.
Palm Beach Motor Coats
Auto Coats of Palm Beach in Natural and White with large
collars, belts and pearl buttons also Silk Coats of Taffeta, Heavy
Shantung and Twill in natural color Shantung and black and
white. Prices ranging from $11.00 to $17.50.
NEW ALL
WHITE RIBBON
SPORT HATS
There is a be
witching charm
about these de
lightfully new soft
sport hats that are
so popular for
sport and street
wear this summer.
BIG REDUCTION
IN PATTERN
HATS
This collec
tion of millinery
is by far the most
remarkable w e
have ever shown
at such prices. A
continuous stream
of new conceptions
in shapes and col
or blendings.
de Chine
and Chemises
m
ft J... SS
Lj;
Kiddies Patch Hats
PRICED AT 75c TO $1.50.
Dainty little hats for the kiddies, made of fine quality Pique
and Cotton Poplin in colors, white,, tan, pink and blue.
Porch Days
CALLS FOR REED CHAIRS AND
ROCKERS.
Reed furniture is so desirable for
the summer months clean and cool
looking and so comfortable, too; then
you must also consider the economy of
it and its durability.
Wicker in Cretonne and Tapestry
cushion chairs.
'to?
SEETHE
VUDOR VEN
TILATING
PORCH SHADES
km iiwiwiffl
is
Beautiful Crepe
Gowns, Camisoles
Crepe de Chine Gowns
trimmed with lovely fine laces,
Embroideries and " Ribbons,
some combinations of Georg- ' ' :
ette Crepe and Crepe de chine,
at $3.95 to $10.00.
Chemises of Crepe de
Chine, daintily trimmed with
laces, embroidery and ribbon
in envelope style and some
are combination Chemises and
Bloomers. Priced at $2.95 to
$7.50.
Women's CottonlCrepe Wash Suits
Priced At $5.95
. Wash Suits of Cotton Crepe in shades of Blue, Rose, Yellow and
Lavender. Colored and White Combinations of Colored Jackets and
White Skirts in all sizes up to 42 at $5.95.
t
The Original Sassy Jane Aprons
Every woman just about now wants a new Apron, and here they
are in many styles and patterns and they are the original Sassy Jane
Aprons.
Cotton Wash Dresses At $6.00 to $10
Attractive new models of Cotton Crepe, Printed Rammey Linen,
and Mercerized Tussah in stripes, checks and sun dots.
Leonard
CleanaBle
Rfrferatr
'Like Chan China Di si?
w
Old-Hickory For The
Porch This Summer
These are the porch days. Why not
make your porch comfortable with "Old
Hickory" the ideal summer porch and lawn
furniture.
Good Refrigerators Save Ice
KEEP FOOD SWEET. The true cost of a Refrigerator lies not
in the sum you pay for it, but in the amount of ice it uses in a season.
Just as a Tungsten electric bulb costs more than a carbon bulb but
saves electric bills, so a GOOD REFRIGERATOR is a true economy.
"Leonard" Refrigerators save ice because they are better insulated
than any Refrigerator we know of at near the same price.
A Size and Style For Every Home.
CAMP FIRE GIRLS EN
JOYING "SIMPLE LIFE'
(Continued from Page 2.)
Wohelo, for this saviag of wheat Is
one of the big things to do.
5. Be very careful to buy only what
you need, leaving the rest that otlitr
people may have it. This means go
ing to the market yourself, picking out
exactly what is wanted and in the
quantity desired. When the meat is
trimmed, take the trimmings home.
Camp Fire Girls go to market; that
means they will save the nickey which
would otherwise be spent by ordering
over the telephone. By walking, they
save the carfare which many pay in
going to the market. They save on
buying, for they get lower pries. They
save in quantity becau.se they get
exactly what is wanted.
6. Use a spatula (a wide, thin,
bladed knife), to clean out all bowls
used for mixing bread and cake, all
dishes used for cooking cereals, and
so on. It often happens that some
five to ten per cent of the food values
are left to dry on the sides and edges
of the bowls.
7. Scrub the potatoes and eat the
skins, unless they are too old. The
mineral salts are just beneath the
skin. When the skin is pared off, we
lose these mineral salts. If the skins
are too rough and heavy to be eaten,
let the potatoes be boiled in the skins.
which Bhould be removed Just before
serving.
8. It is bade taste to have many
things to eat at one meal. Pay great
attention, therefore, to having every
thing taste just right as well as to
there being sufficient, but do not have
many things at one time.
9. It is an excellent plan to have
but who courses at meals. That is at
dinner, if you have soup, you do not
have desert; if you have dessert, you
do not have soup. When you have a
salad, use it in pace of a vegetable, or
it is a fruit salad, in place of a des
sert.
10. Potatoes are very scarce and
are growing rapidly scarcer. Rice is
far more in fashion now. The rice
water should be used for soups.
11. Spaghetti and maccaroni have
become popular within the last few
weeks. They take the place of po
tatoes and can be cooked in many
different ways.
12. It is no longer good form to
use the more expensive, and less
nourishing cuts of meat, such as lamb
chops, and tenderloin steaks. By
careful cooking, or by using the pres
sure cooker, which we shall describe
later, the less expensive meats may be
made to take the place of the more
expensive cuts.
13. It is bad form to take too much
butter, to leave scraps of moat, bits
of vegetable, pieces of bread, cake,
pie crust, or anything else on (lie
plate.
14. The proper way to serve any
thing is to have it placed on large
dishes and passed to each person,
who helps himself to just the amount
that he needs. This method does
away with extravagant serving.
15. For those who wish to have the
food served on each plate from the
kitchen, it is the custom now to have
the portion small so that everythin;
on the plate will be eaten.
16. Another very fashionable thing
to do is to present your guest vege
tables out of your own garden. In
fact, nobody considers himself as 'be
longing' nowadays, who is not doing
his best to raise food in a garden.
17. The same thing also is again
true with reference to fruit. The fam
ily that can feed itself and its guests
on fruit which they themselves have
put tip in cans, or have dried or pre
served in other ways, have a standing
that other families do not have. They
put up apples, rhubarb, blueberries,
red and black raspberries, blackber
ries, strawberries, dewberries, wild
plums, peaches.
18. In the Fall, gather chestnuts.
hazel nuts, hickory nuts, walnuts,
beech nuts, butternuts.
By following these rules and others
which they may suggest, we will be
able to make the food which now feeds
only ourselves, feed not only ourselves
but also one hundred million English
and French. Throwing away bits of
bread, left over beans or potatoes, or
anything of any food value, is throw
ing away the lives of our friends.
Secretary of Agriculture Houston says.
"Do not fatten your garbage pail at
the expense of your purse."
Rear Admiral Lacaze, French min
ister of marine, said in Chamber of
Deputies Thursday that proportion of
submarines sunk has increased mark
edly, and that allies are employing a
very efficient method.
Former Senator William A. Clark
has subscribed for $3,000,000 Liberty
bonds and says he will take an addi
tional $1,000,000,000 later.
LUNATICS MAKE POOR
SOLDIERS IS REPORT
FROM GERMAN ASYLUM
(By Review Leased Wire).
LONDON, June 17. Lunatics do not
make good soldiers, says the annual
report of the lunatic asylum at Stet
tin, Germany, which advises against
any more of its inmates being con
scripted for service with the colors.
"The asylums are proud that their
inmates are allowed to serve the fath
erland," says the report, "but the re
sults have not been satisfactory be
cause the lunatics have generally
pitoved to be an unbearable nuisance
in the various armies in which they
have served, refusing to obey orders,
deserting from their companies and
becoming vagrants. Hardly any are of
any real value for military purposes
and many have had to be sent back to
their asylums."
The report complains of the increase
in the death rate at the institution ow
ing to underfeeding, the rate of mor
tality having been increased last year
fj 97 persons in 1.000.
FAMOUS GERMAN Bl ROMAN
IS KILLED AT MESSINES
(By Review Leased Wire.)
LONDON, June 13. A dispatch to
the Exchange Telegraph from Anister-
I dam says Lieut. Josef Schaumburg,
airplane in battle and also the first
to throw bombs from an airplane, was
shot down in the battle of Messines.
falling dead inside the German lines.
New York American says the Na
tional Council of Defense has complet
ed plans to buy 100,00') freight cars
for the government to be operated on
all railroads of the country. Cost will
be $150,000,000.