Ik . ,
Fourteen
Pages
Two
Sections
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service.
VOL. 20. No. 122.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, OCTOBER 28, 1917.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
L
HTY LOAN
FOR FIVE I
ON TO
SECOND LIBE
V
!
COCHISE
ITS QUOTA ONE AND ON
HALFTIRIINERCOUNTY
Cochise County Leads the Dallas Federal Reserev Bank
Region in Response to the Second Liberty Loan. Entire
Country Pours a Golden Stream Into United States Treas
ury With Which to Whip the
Cochise county, the empire subdivision of the state of Arizona, steps
Into first place in the esteem of the Dallas federal reserve bank by its re
markable showing in its subscriptions to the second Liberty Loan, which
closed at midnight. In this work the county poured more than one and a
half times the quota necessary to the loan and sets a record for the entire
country at large.
Late figures secured by County Sales Manager J. N. Gaines at midnight
indicated that the county's total subscriptions 8 mounted to $2,845,000, J1.726,
more than the quota, which was $1,118,871. It was hoped to raise the total
to $3,000,000, but certain parts of the county failed to respond yesterday to the
last day's drive. In comparison with
the snowing of Cochise county is little
fBy Review Leased Wlre.
WASHINGTON, Oct.- 27. The Lib-
crty loan apparently has passed the i
$5,000,000,000 mark.
A last day drive of titanic prepara
tions throughout the nation rounded
up more than $1,000,000,000 and was
believed to have carried, the total
several hundred million dollars be
yond the maximum sum treasury of
ficials had hoped for.
Federal reserve banks were strug
gling tonight under an avalanche of
last minute subscriptions to form some
idea of , the grand total. Indications
are that they will not. complete their
tabulations for several days.
At least 8,000,000 persons through
out the country wrote their names on
,, , ., , ,, i
application blanks. How hiany more
did eo will not be known until the . Late returns, however, showed a other commodities necessary to the' rovislon satisfactory to the fuel ad
final tonnX. several days hence. The growing increase. ; national defense and security." i ministration.
ouniM-r may go as nign as iu.uuu.uuu.
Each of the ten districts appeared to was generously supported by wage jer, the transportation of these mate
have passed Its minimum and lndica-; earners and that German-Americans riai8 has been hampered by insistence
tions were that most of them had ex- j were uying especially well. ; 0f manufacturers on cars for non-es-
ceeded the maximum as well. i "Both the Kansas City and Dallas sentials. .
The treasury's early tabulation of districts continued to thrive. They Materials Affected.
returns, based upon estimates received ;
from the reserve banks, showed a to-!cept ngures. 'lows:
tal of $4,555,000,000. This was admit-j "Indications tonight were that sol-; . Materials and supplies, other than
ted to be an under estimate of the idlers had subscribed $75,000,000 and coai for tne construtcion, maintenance
result. At the hour the tabulation was sailors $6,000,000., or repair of public or privtae high
made subscribers were standing in ; ways, roadways, streets or sidewalks.
line In thousands of cities and towns! THE DALLAS REGION ! Materials and supplies, other than
throughout the country and most of DALLAS, Oct. 27. Reports from all coal, for the construction, maintenance
the 2G.G00 banks were swamped with ! sections of the eleventh federal re-:0r repair of theaters or other build
the unreported subscriptions. Today's; serve district tonight indicate that the jngs or structures to be used for
compilation by districts: j district's minimum allotment of the amusement purposes.
Boston $ 600,000,000 '.second issue of Liberty loan bonds Materials and supplies, other than
New ork
Philadelphia
Cleveland
Richmond
Atlanta
Chicago
1,500,000,000,
425,000,000
.ou.uuu.uuu
180.000,000
100,000,000
550,000,000
200.000,000
130,000,000
160,000,000
85,000.000
. 275,000,000
second Liberty
St. Louis ..
Minneapolis
Kansas City
Dallas
San Francisco
"Subscriptions to
Loan probably have passed $5,000,000.
000," said a treasury statement. "From
every district came the report that it
was almost impossible to estimate to
tals, as the subscriptions were pouring
In so rapidly that it was with the
greatest difficulty they were even be
ing recorded.
"New sales were reported by tele-
graph, telephone and messenger, it;camp. The quota allotted to the camp
was declared, from coast to coast. wag $500,000.
None were so bold as to say it would ' '
be possible to give an accurate ac- CAMP CODY
counting of all sales before next DEMING, N. M.. Oct. 27. National
Wednesday." guardsmen In Camp Cody subscribed
Wednesday Is the day on which $2,001,800 to the second Liberty loan
banks' subscriptions must have fund, according to figures made pub
reached the federal reserve banks. Hc tonight at the close of the cam-
"Boston was one or the rirst dis-
tricts to throw up its hands," the
statement continues. ' i
"With eager purchasers crowding
every bank and buying booth in the
district at 2 p. m. a telegram received
here announced it would be utterly
impossible to provide more estimates
before Monday.
With its maximum safely passed '
at sundown, the New York district
went forging ahead by artificial light,
bent on running up a total of hundreds
of millions more. An enormous
1 I 1 I
unie oi uusnieas was oeu.5 lunuuucu ,
tonight."
Subsequent to the issue of this state
ment officials were informed by tele
phone that New York's total would
run up to $1,650,000,000. This would
swell the department's figures to
$4,705,000,000.
riinrP
IDlO
Kaiser.
EI Paso, which subscribed $2,500,000.
short of remarkable. j
'
"Cleveland furnished one of the;
eleventh hour surprises," the state-j
ment added. "From official figures i
made public early in the day it be-
came evident that many sections had;
hun elnw in rpnnrtin c unrt that th A '
L
real strength of the district was justing use of open to pears, ercepting !
beginning to show. County after coun-i nat cars? for carrylng any of the speci-i
ty and city after city came through , fled materials for private orders. Coal.
with vast increases over their maxi
mum quotas, greatly swelling the dis
trict total, which bids fair to go high ;
over the maximum of $500,000,000. '
- ---.
(.m.afiu, BuuicMuai uiivviiji.u ai
of
lay
its slow start toward its maximum
t7nn ftft ftnA Kh1.1.H Hnwn hnril tnilflV
I! :: ' .I L -l ":r ,Z7:
, wuu. uP,re..
orkers had not entirely lost hope ;
tonignt of taking rank, with other ,
, v v . , . i jt.- i
leaders, but the task looked difficult.
si, iouis reporiea mai me saie.
were too busy to report anything ex-
had been slightly over-subscribed.
While actual figures probably will t
not be available for several days, ofn-
cials of the Dallas bank expressed the
opinion that the subscriptions would j
De xxu.ouu.ouu. Tne minimum quota
for the district Is $75,000,000. Many
western Texas counties In the south
ern district did not return one-half of
their quota.
Actual subscriptions at noon today
totaled $51,000,000.
CAMP FUNSTON
CAMP FUNSTON, Kas., Oct 27.
Subscriptions by members of the 89th
division of the national army in train
ing here totaled $1,175,000 tonight, it
was announced by Maj. L. G. Brown,
in charge of the campaign. This is
an average of $54.10 for every man in
paign. This is approximately $700 for
eaCh man encamped here,
colonel Hall, formerly a prominent
banker in Lincoln; Neb., was in charge
of tne canlpaign. The success of the
campalgn was especially marked,
SAN FRANCISCO DISTRICT
ran FRANCISCO. Oct 27. Reports
. .m-Rhin last hour success In the
, Llbertr oan campaign throughout the j
Wweifln federal reserve district reach-1
ed headquarters here tonight. Every i
vol-)late , the dutitn exceeded its min-
1
,,, . .nd nne Arizona, missed,
its maximum of $5.2!)0.flf00 by sub- MICHAELIS RESIGNS,
scribing $7,400,000. Utah reportejd fBv Rvin lto Wiroi
$15,000,000 In sight, with the expecta-' LONDON, Oct 27 A Reuter's limlt
tlon of reaching Its $17,000,000 maxi- d dispatch from Amsterdam says that
mum. California came nearest' of the the Berlin evening papers report that
(Continued on Page Five)
American Forces Fire Their First Shot On the Western Front
rUUVUllliUIII
BANS PART OF
TV C X7- I 1.,-
Board Prohibits Use of
Open Cars for Non-Essential
Shipping in Nation.
(By Review Leased WIre.T i(
WASHINGTON. Oct. 27. The goi,'
ernment tonight took 6teps to restrict ,
enterprises not essential to conduct j
of the war by forbidding use of open'
top freight cars on and after Novem-
,,,,wWtHnn nf materia
fop and highwavg theater cou.
structlon and manufacture of Dleasure
vehicles, furniture and musical instru-j
ments. . j
The restrictions of non-essentials
was imposed through an order issued
Dy Robert S. Lovett, priority director,
.v.- ,.-. tn,!.., un Knn A nhtHit.:
Is PnmlH .nil th nrHpr dn not
apply to shipments for the
ment or to shipments in closed box
car,
, '
lie oraer is expecieu lo proviue 1
early relief for the car shortage which '
has affected the transporter, of
i nc oraer is expeciea to proviae
?. . "e"eu lue
- Coai. coKe. ore, limestone, sugar,
beets, sugar cane, sorghum cane and !
raW materials for use in the metal -
BUSINESS IN
THE COUNTRY
Maisincia wuere miners uiu uyeiaiuis
BUgar and fertilizer Industries and,fai, a-re- unon a miner- oenaltv
Heretofore, said Judge Lovett s or-r
Articles affected by the order fol-
coal, for the manufacture of pleasure
vehicles, furniture or musical instru-
ments.
Passenger vehicles, . furniture and
musical instruments,
ROBERT BRUERE TO
LECTURE TODAY AT
THE ASSOCIATION
Tomorrow the Y. M C. A. ttpens for
the coming year their big "Sunday-Get-together-Meeting"
for men with an ad
dress by Robert Bruere of New. York
City. Bruere is a great authority on
both socialism and municipal govern
ment. He was for years head of the
New York Association for Improving
the Condition of the Poor. Bruere Is
Labor Editor of ths New Republic and
will be able to discuss a subject of vit
al Interest to every man of the com
munity. The address will be given at
4:45 p. m. in the main lobby or the Y.
M. C. A. building. Every man in the
community Is welcome.
This Is rare opportunity to hear a
fine talk by a big man.
TEXAS FUEL ADMINISTRATOR .
(By Review Leased Wlrei.
DALLAS. Texas, Oct. 27. Wiley
Blair, Dallas business man, received
notice tonight of his appointment as
fuel administrator for the state of Tex-
as.
The appointment came in a telegram
from Dr. H. A. Garfield, National Fuel
Administrator at Washington.
. ! imperical chancellor Michaelis has re-
i signed.
No "Influence
(Ry Review Leased Wire.)
WASHINGTON. Oct 27 Reports
that persons with "influence" are
seeking to secure choice posts and
promotion for friends and relatives
I in the national army, prompted
Secretary Baker today to Instruct
j division commanders to direct at
' tention of officers and men to rego-
lations prohibiting exercise of any
influence except through proper
military channels to obtain promo-
tion or other preferment.
GREAT INCREASE
IN GOAL
WILSON
ORDERS
PRCES
ally the entire Austrian army, rein
' forced by heavy German contingents.
President Grants Increases in I conducted by the redoubtable Field
. . n; . i Marshal von Mackensen. now Is fac-
Coal to Allow Operators ,nK Itallan arm ln the -reate8t
Margin' of' Profit Above offensive since the beginning of the
. p , war, with evident purpose of Invading
1 heir expenses. ( the Friull region, the easternmost
' - province of Venezia.
. ; It is now clear that the Austrian
(By Review Leased Wire.)- !and timm sought to make a sur-
WASHINGTON. Oct. 27. President
Wil80n tonlght f1?'1 an inT"e Jfn the nortn of tne Jullan front The
5 cenls tn'n e Pe. f fie,d of ,he pre9ent Peration8 can be
lnou virtually all mines in the ,-kened to , tug ,etter T From tne
'"i'-'l-"
ttZLJ
frD 'age ra . receuy !
uelu ut,..r, )" :
central comeuve ano otner neias.
Th nP.HHnf nnler niVivIdps that
tJJSt '
rZ' iS L in' I
existing contracts providing for an In
crea8 , ,0 t0 cover an nisei ln
mi 8 Neither will it apply in
,, r.. - .
Millions rf dollars of increased cost
to consumers is involved in the order
which was based upon recommenda
tions made to the president by Fuel
Administrator Garfield, after a careful
Burvey of conditions in all districts.
The order refers specifically only Jo
the wage agreement entered into at
the conference in Washington, October
6, between operators and miners in the
centrl competitive field of Ohio, Illi
nois, Indiana and Pennsylvania, but
wages throughout the country are
largely based on those paid in the cen
tral district
The president's order follows:
Wilson's Order.
"The scale of prices prescribed Au
gust 21, 1917. by the president of the
United States for bituminous coal at
the mine, as adjusted and modified by
order of the United States Fuel Ad
ministrator to meet exceptional condi
tions in certain localities, Is hereby at
tended by adding the sum of 45 cents
to each of the prices so prescribed or
so adjusted and modified, subject how
ever, to the following express excep
tions: "1 This Increase In price shall not
apply to any coal sold at the mine un
der an existing contract containing a
provision for an Increase in the price
of c'oal thereunder in case of an in
crease in wages paid to miners.
"2 This increase ln price shall not
apply in any district In which the ope
rators and miners fail to agree upon
a penalty provision satisfactory to the
fuel administrator for the automatic
collection of fines In the spirit of the
agreement entered into between the
Operators and miners at Washington,
October 6, 1917.
"The order shall become effective
at 7 a. m. on October 29, 1917."
In hi letter to the resident recom- i
meding the price Increases. Dr. Gar- he 1,88 massed might permit a fur
field said that the wage raises aggre-jther scattered incursion,
gating fifty per cent to miners and 78 j The correspondent went over a long
per cent to the best laborers over the Btretch of the front today In company
wages of April 1. 1914. were not dis-i'th headquarters officers. Every
proportlonate to the advance in the where there was evidence of corn
cost of living. plete preparedness ln the midst of the
Favors Fair Profit terrific bombardment or both armies.
His understanding, he explained, was Mucn havoc has been wrought by
that in fixing the prices for mine coal. this fruitless bombardment. One shell
it was intended to allow a fair profit; "truck a building occupied by a local
and that under the new wage scale ex-j command, sending up a volcano or
Istlng prices would not admit of such i department reports, but killing any
a profit :one-
Government reports show that 863.
500.000 tons of bituminous coal were
mined in the first eight months of 1917.
or an averaeerjf 45.437.500 tons month-1
ly. At this rate the new price In- i
crease will cost consumers about 1240
000,000 a year, or $20,000,000 a month.
(Continued on Page Five)
ill Aininrii in
ft ( RliniMI LHU'LSI 11
I LEADING HUN
l! HftST AGAINST
THE lTALjANS
Virtually the Entire Austrian
Army, Aided by German
Legions, Seek to Push Ital
ians Back to Own Soil
ARMY HEADQUARTERS
IN NORTHERN ITALY. Friday. Oct.
.26 (By the Associated Press). Virtu-
iprlge attack at the least fortified point
left arm Of me 1 to IIS loot IS aooui
kenson attempted to deliver his big
blow
blow. The arm extends seven nines
ornnliraril fmm TnlmtnA at the CPntml
.
lnt cf the T' JlD,ln and the
b? viliages of SanU Lucia and SanU
Maria have become or chief import
ance, as this was the point of the sur
prise attack.
Two Main Line
The lower stroke of the "T" is 30
miles long from Monfalcone to the
sea, with Gorizia half way down. This
gave two main fighting lines, the;
northern running horizontal, where
IhA ffwafltABt Kfow WAa afnirs: nri thn
, ,
southern running perpendicular, where
- -j . . ,
a fierce bombardment seeks to pre-
. ,A ,, . . ,
vent the Italians from moving rein -
forcements to the threatened region
in the north.
Th Tlia Aln- r ha-k nf the
I
northern line and the Carso Alps back
of the southern line to the sea. The
distances stated are in a direct line.
. . . , ,,... ,
The mountains make an irregular for-
mation. greatly extending the oppos-;wm
ln frnnt
The Objective
Field Marshal von Mackensen's ob-L
jective evidently was to re-cross tb
Insonzo. whence -the Italians had,where on ,he ,ong ,t lg to be lo.
driven the Austrians
back several
nines into Austrian territory. h'
screened the movement by making a , mitted Today's announcement
detour, but his main army struck orings appreciably closer, however, the
straight from the Isonzo at San Lucia i day wllen tn- actual fighting front of
and Santa Maria. lne American forces in France will be
The Italian forces were com para- established and when American ener
tfvely small at these outermost lim-1 Ry will be engaged directly In the task
its of their lines, and its advancing j0f crushing German military power,
waves succeeded in crossing the Ison- j The long period of waiting and prep
zo with comparatively little obstruc-j aratlon Is past Its first irksome stages,
tion. Here, however, they were faced ! From now on. the miltta,ry power of
by a low rainge of mountains In which I the United States in France will grow
the passes are strongly held by the steadily and the results of the months
Italian army, now heavily reinforced of army-building will make themselves
from the center and the south.
May Penetrate Passes
The whole operation now pivots on
the possibility of Mackensen driving
through these passes, where the city
of Clvidale is the first important place
leading to the rich and level plain.
AH indications are that the Italians
are masters of the passes and can
hold Mackensen against a further ad-
vanco. aunougn mo irmnenaoua lorce
1.. V . V. - . . -
Audacious Airplanes
Further along two Austrian air
planes flew low overhead amidat
storms of shots which burst like cot-
ton Dans across me sny. iney were
untouched and sailed off proudly, but
their pride was brief. An Italian offl
(Continued on Page five)
ARTILLERY AND INFANTRY
GO INTO ACTION AGAINST
GERMANS ON
Quiet Sector of the French Trenches Taken Over by American
' Soldiers. French Still Command the Position and Are Giv
ing Final Instructions to the Yankee Pupils of War. Artil
lery Fires First Round at the Huns.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
WASHINGTON, Oct. 27. The nation was thrilled today by word that
American troops at last were face to face with the Germans across No Man's
Land. Announcement by General Pershing that several battalions of hit
infantry were In the front line trenches, supported by American batteries
which already had gone Into action against the enemy, fanned a new flame
of patriotism throughout the country.
The absolute silence with which Secretary Baker and war department
officials greeted the news, however, showed that although the movemen.
into the trenches had been expected at any time, it was regarded only as
the final phase of the men's training a military finishing school conducted
under fire, a school of blood and iron.
German shells are breaking about the Americans, and, although they
have not taken over the trench sector, rifles, machine guns, bombs and
bayonets ln American hands will greet any enemy attack.
The silence of Secretary Baker Indicated that no official report of the
occupation of the trenches bad been received. General Pershing probably
did not inform the department of his plans in advance, as every effort was
made to prevent the enemy from learning what was afoot.
Prepared for News.
It is certain, however, (hat the department was prepared for the new-u
Secretary Baker's latest review of the war cituation this week indicated that
American troops in France were nearing the end of their training behind
the lines. Events prove that they have progressed so rapidly in the art of
trench warfare that their commanders and French Instructors believed then,
ready for the final lesson.
Casualties among the American forces are to be expected. Report
from the front already show intermittent artillery firing and a well aimed
shell may claim American victims at any time. There is nothing to indkte
that an offensive operation by the Americans and their French associates
is to be expected, outside of possible trench raiding. The sec:or where the
front line training school has been established is described as one of the
quietest on the front and If this condition continues it will tend to minimize
losses.
There is believed to be some good reason why the sector is quiet. It
1 may be the feeling on both sides that
i ' , .
I counter-attack. The character of the
,, . .
or many other considerations might be
i ' "
i The report from the front indicates;
! tnat aU American forces will be given
, trench duty In reliefs as the final
uf ot th,elr Preparation. The whole .
business or relieving and supplying the ,
1 lines c b earned on under ac-;
tual war conditions and under fire.
!
In time, a complete section of the.
t -.,' be Americanized in every
! Hal ,11 t!iw wliln this front will he.
cated and similar questions are mat-
.m .hn.,t mhi..h nn .pri.iMnn I. nr
felt in hard-driven steel against the
German ranks.
First Statement
THE AMERICAN ARMY IN
FRANCE. Oct. 27. (By The Associat
ed Press.) The following is the first
official statement issued from Ameri
can headquarters:
"In continuation of their training as
a nucleus for Instruction later, a con- j
tlngent of some battalions or our first
contingents, in association with vet-1
eran French battalions, are in the first j
line trenches or a quiet sector on the j
French rront. They are supported by)
,,, I
some batteries or our artillery, in aa-
sOciatlon with veteran French batter- j
ies.
"The sector remains normal. Ouri
v I. -.l ,h...1... - . -t.,nl
" .... , . ,, . i
trench conditions in the most sati.-fac-i
tory manner.'
WITH THE AMERICAN ARMY IN
Pre.s.)-Americn troops are in the j
first line trenches on the French front.
The artillery fired the first shot t the .. Fr'nch direction. The first state
war at six o'clock on the morning or, "nt t9sued from American head
a recent day at a German working ! quarters France reported the men
party. There has been Intermittent dPting themselree most satisfa
artillery fighting since. j torily.
-I
(Continued on Page Five)
WEST FRONT
nothing Is to be gained by attack and
. ...
country, difficulties of ransportation
, ....
responsible for the inactivity.
- "
Jj. I 9 Alpfflp
-ft Uiy & IflULLLV
Is Being Tested
By German Arms
(By Review Leaded Wire.)
Italy's mettle is being critically test-
, ed tne tremendous Teutonic drive
on uia isonzo ironi unuer command
of Emperor Charles of Austria. Ap
parently virtually the entire Austrian
army and strong German fortes are
pitted against the Italians.
From the first blows. General Ca
dorna's second army has suffered a
serious shock and Berlin claims tlie
defeat of this section of Italian force,
from which it announces the capture
of 60,000 men and 450 guns.
Losses Borne Out
These losses seem to bear out the
German claim as to the fate of this
Italian army, but apparently the
crucial hour has not yet come whit-h
will determine whether the Austnv
German hosts can be held at the moun
tain passes and prevented from over
flowing Into the fertile plains of
Venzia.
Semi-official utterances reveal that
all possible preparations have bevn
made in Rome to meet the grvat emer
gency. Each day. however, sees the
Invading armies making additional
headway. Commanding Italian height
along the border east and northeast
0f Tolmino are beginning to rail.
wj,ie Berlin claims that virtually the
entire Italian Isonzo rront has been
shaken,
rM
America ax rronx.
. f, th m(v,t
important news to Americans was
that announcing the presence of
American troops In the first line
trenches alongside French infantry
. . . . .
men, and or American artillery parked
with French batteries surrounding the
first American-aimed shots of the war
a the German lines. These troops
h ,10t taken over the quiet sector in
I which they are stationed, but are n-
(Continued on Page FiveJ TWO
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, OCTOBER 28, 1917.
r
For The
The Council of National Defense, through
the War Advisory Committee, if seeking to
reduce waste by doing away with unnec
essary expense in distributing merchandise.
Many of all the leading stores throughout
the country hare adopted RULES restrict
ing or rescinding return privileges, curtail
ing deliveries and otherwise reducing ex
pensea which add to the cost of doing busi
ness. Also many hands which-might be doing
useful work for the country are employed in
rendering attention to customers, which are
not necessary, but are, Tether, in the nature
of EXTRAORDINARY SERVICE.
"THE FAIR" has been among the most
willing stores In meeting the wishes of its
customers and even now, in the interest
of the National Welfare, this store places
the recommendations of the Council of Na
tional Defense before Its patrons as" RE
QUESTS rather than rules, "relying upon all
to help," so far as possible, in the following
patriotic matters. .
Mm
Sir
i j Where Quality Is Linked With
V Low Price
Women's Wool Sweaters $4.50 to $10.00
We have been anxiously awaiting the time when we coald announce a complete new stock of Wool Sweater for
women and children. Because this is decidedly a season of Sweaters and because the demand has been so unprece
dented, we have had difficulty in securing them.
But a large shipment received the past week makes assortments ampie for easy choosing. Some plain colors,
others prettily bordered in contrasting shades, two-tone effects; military styles, collarless and those with large sailor
collars, many have large pockets, belts or sashes; women's Sweaters from $4.50 to $10. Children's Sweaters from
$2 to $4.60.
Knit, Conserve Foods, Learn French, and Put the Money
YouSave by Trading af'The Fair" in LIBERTY BONDS
1. When shopping, do not leave the
store empty-handed. Carry parcels with
you to the extent of your ability. Help
to make this "the fashion."
2. When you have goods to be returned
do not leave home empty-handed. If all.
customers would carry small parcels for
exchange, the saving of time in the de
livery department would amount to
many hours annually.
3. Do not buy merchandise until you
are sure that you are going to keep it
Make careful selection a habit. Do not
choose any article because the policy of
the store will permit you to return it.
4. Shop early in the day, if you can.
Stores must have enough salespeople
ALL DAY LONG to handle the trade at
the BUSIEST HOURS, which, due to the
habits of customers, is near the middle
of the day. To help us distribute the
business more evenly, would result in
great economy to us, and evenlaally
to you.
Carter Knit Wear tor Women
and Children
IT WEARS RIGHT, fits rig'ut and wpshes perfectly because it is a
perfect underwear product fromthe Taw- material to the finished gar
ment You can't help but have thorough satisfaction if you wear Carter's
Knit Undergarments.
And of all the attractive features that will interest you in Carter's
Underwear this is the most surprising IT COSTS NO MORE THAN"
ORDINARY KINDS. Many, many women and children know, will you
let us prove these facts to you?
Cotton Union Suits for women at $1.50, $1.75 and $2.00.
Cotton and wool mixed Union Suits for women at $2.00, $2.50 and $3.00.
Silk and wool mixed Union Suits at $2.50. $3.00 and $4.50.
Finest all-wool Union Suits of softest yarns at $3.50, $4.00 and $5.00
t a suit.
Union Suits for women in other dependable makes at 75c, $1.00 and
$1.25.
Single garments for women in the famous Carter quality at 65c. 75c
upwards to $2.25. Girls' and Eoys' Union Suits at 75c, $1.00 and $1.50.
THERE ARE NO SPECULATORS in the merchandise game as there are in foods. When you buy a Suit, Coat, Dress, Shoes or Hat you pay no excess
profits to anybody designer nor maker; nor to storekeeper, if he is in a class with THE FAIR STORE
SELLING Dry Goods and Apparel for Men, Women and Children is free from the evils a great many businesses have, and we are proud to be in it
and glad of the many advantageous purchases we have made, which bring substantial savings to our patrons.
The Newest Autumn Fashions Are Exemplified in These New Fall Suits
To Sell For $20.00, $22.50 and $25.00
SUCH EXTRAORDINARY Suit Values that they should be in the mind of every economical woman Monday morning. Suits with all that distinguished
and wonderful verve and vigor and dash that is the dominating charm of Fashion's most recent handiwork.
SUITS OF SERGE, POPLIN, GABERDINE, BURELLA CLOTHS AND MIXTURES; IN BLACK, NAVY, BROWN AND PLUM. TAILORED
UNBELTED TYPES WITH FLARED HIPS, SEMI-FITTING MODELS WITH STRAIGHT BACKS, BELTED COATS IN A VARIETY OF
ATTRACTIVE EFFECTS: THE COLLARS ARE DELIGHTFUL AND INCLUDE MANY VARIATIONS OF LATEST AUTMN EFFECTS.
AND the pockets are as interesting as the collars. But it is the genuine value in materials designing tailoring everything that makes for superior
suits that wraps this offering with irresistible magnetism. An emphasis, if ever there was one of the value this store is able to offer in moderately priced suits
to sell for $20, $22.50 and $25.
m
Coats That Are Wonderful
In Their Attractiveness J
And Moderate Prices
This Is a "COAT SEASON" ir ever there was one. And as the
season advances more and more, women are realizing the desir
ability of having a good all-purpose coat We bare carefully watched
this growing demand and are fully prepared to show coats 1a a
vaster variety then we have ever had.
Coats $25.00 to $32.50
WE BELIEVE the three groups of Inexpensive fall and winter
co-its we show at $25, $29.50 and $32.50, so complete, that every
woman can shop here to advantage.
There is net a material, a color, a style, or a trimming that
women really want wiiich we have overlooked.
Rich, New Plush Coats
The rich, luxurious Plusli Coats in swagger styles with self or
- c : or made to flare. There is little about them that
ii fancy, but they are of such extremely good quality and becoming
style that they are doubly Interesting for those reasons. And.
with a scarcity of high graie plushes and consequent soaring cost,
makes our prices look very low. $25 to $39.50.
The Suits Are Delightful
At $29.50 and $37.50
IF YOU CHOOSE A Suit here at $29.50 or any ot the prices
between up to $37.50, there are three things you will buy above
ii ,i ... i y
ail viae. . -
PARTICULARLY correct fashion, excellent workmanship
and youthful lines. A 6uit for day wear is an eminently sensible
garment for your wardrobe and the painstaking care'wlth which
our autumn selections were made makes it certain that the
suit you purchase here will be a never-failing source of pleasure
to you when you wear it.
Ripple-backs and raised waistline Coats are especially no
ticeable in this showing of high grade suits, because they are
especially good fashion just now. Materials include broadcloth,
burella, velours, serge, in all fashionable colors.
Practical Serge Dresses
At $15.00 and $18.50
AS REGULARLY as turns the sun, dial comes the demand
for the frock of serge. To be able to obtain a tailored frock of
serge, or serge and satin combination captivating in smartness
yet simple and youthful of the character of these at these
prices, is truly remarkable. -Y?t they are here for you in many
Etyles. in black and navy; priced at $15 and $13.60.
. ' - -
J ifcftrt pA &
t nnMhnrthr
Blanket Robes
Rings for Bags
We have Just received a new
shipment of rings for the popular
cretonne or knitting bag, in oval
and triangular shapes, in amber,
black, blue and white. Also cellu
loid and wood bars in all colors,
tassels in all the popular shapes
and wanted colors; prices are rea
sonable. Fancy Sateens
65c and 75c Yard
Fancy colored Sateens, ground
colors, in the favorite autumn
shades of pink, maize, gray, gold,
rose, black and Copenhagen; it has
a shiminery look like satin and
wears better; 26-inch wide, just the
thing for lining the new knittin?
bag; priced at 65c and 75c a yard. .
Kimono Silk 69c
WOMEN WILL NEED no urg
ing to buy these pretty Kimono
Silks, at a savins of one-third and
they are just as desirable for trim
ming fall frocks and dresses; they
come in all the most fashionable
colors, with oriental and floral de
signs in bright, dashing shades:
30 inches vide, $1.00 quality, at
69c a yard.
27 Inch
Satins .
50c
HERE'S A MONDAY opportunity
to save half on Satins for trim
ming, they come in a wide range of
colors, including pink, purple, Co
penhagen, black, tan, lavender, yel
low, orange graj-, tan and the new
est shades of green and blue, 27
inches wide, per yard 50c.
Rich Lustrous Novelty Silks
$1. 75, $2.45 and $3.48 Yard '
FANCY SILKS so heavy, so fine of quality that you'll recognize in
them instantly real bargains at the little prices we ask; in broad sport
stripes, narrow stripes and broken stripes, also plaids in the bright bril
liant vivid colorings, as well as the more subdued shades for autumn.
If we should tell the exact saving to be mado at these low prices
there'd be most sensational selling of Silks here Monday, 36 and 40
inches wide, priced at $1.75, $2.43 aud $3.48 a yard.
Fancy Silk Hose $1.50
OUR HOSIERY DEPARTMENT is Just fairly tepming with most every
beautiful creation under the sun. and the variety in this $1.59 assortment
i.s so great Uiat all may be ila:wd tlier are Silk Siocking-i in stripe,
either narrow or wide, plaid stockings and clocked stockings; besides
every new and wanted plain color to match or harmonize with autumn
garments, all sizes, a pair $1.50.
Women's Novelty Fall Boots
$7.50 to $10.00
Thsre isn't a home in America today
that isn't feeling the effect of the
higher shoe prices, and so, when
mon,hs and months ago we placed vast
buying orders for this wonderful new
fall footwear, it was with a thought
of saving our patrons money.
,Picture to yourself the very high
grade footwear that is in vogue at
the prei.i'tit moment and at the tame
time tliink of the high prices that are
belnj charged by the exclusive shops
in the large cities then come here
Moniay and p-e,these wonderful1 boots
at $7..r.O. $S.50 and $10 fully three
to five dollars under real value.
For lien
$5.00 to $15.00
MAKE IT A REAL CHRISTMAS
for dad, brother or sweetheart by giv
ing him something he can enjoy the
year 'round a Blanket Robe It will
bring him much comfort and pleasure.
And it's none too early to make your
selection, for you know, the nicest
things go first
Our assortment of Blanket Rbes
for men is the largest we have ever
shown, they are clean-cut and dressy
in appearance; something about the
style, fit and making (hat gives them
distinction. Patterns are the smart
est you ever saw, plaids, Indian de
signs, conventional, scroll and figures,
in bright colorings on brown, green,
gray and navy grounds. SEE THEM
MONDAY.
Corduroy Suits
"s$. $15.00
Hunters sportsmen autoists don't
try to go through the winter without
one of these splendid Corduroy Suits;
the most comfortable, long-wearing,
good-looking clothes for out door wear
you ever climbed into.
There isn't anything like a Cordu
roy Suit for all-round usefulness, par
ticularly where the clothes are r. In
jected to the hardest wear; they're
as tough as rawhide, the sea-is -r't
rip, and the buttons hold. The coat
is Norfolk style with yoke, pleats and
belt, large pleated pockets, venetio
lined; trousers are full cut and n tie
with cuff bottoms Priced at $15.
MEN'S SWEATERS $2.00 UP TO S12J50
THE STORY OF MEN'S SWEATERS is not a lengthy one, but none tha less important lor this reason.
Really, we don't know of any offering from the Mens' Department more worthy your attention and
consideration Uian this wonderful stock of Wool Sweater.
We own our Sweaters at prices much below the present day market, and because of this early buying
we are able to give you much better values than you would have a right to expect with wool selling at
74c a pound. Men's Jersey Sweaters with V or cuff neck in navy, gray and cardinal at $2 and $2.50;
Coat Sweaters without collars at $4.50 to $6; Sweater Coats with large shawl collars, all colors, at $6
upwards to $12.50. j
AS
v..
wmmr
Wonderful New Autumn Hats
At $10.00 and $12.50
WOMEN WILL BE SURPRISED t morrow and so delishted at the wor.dtrfully smart Hat we show af
$10 and $12.50. They will be enchanted at the sight of them, at the ldxuriousness of the velvets, the individu
ality expressed in each pretty model, and above all, the marvelous choice.
AND WHAT SEEMS THE most gratifying feature. Is the f:ict that a woman may this season choose the
hat that suits her best. She needn't struggle under the weight of. a wide sailor, when her mirror tells
her that a small hat is far more becoming. For in this assortment you will find small, snug fitting Turbans,
large bats with soft floppy brims a.id plenty of medium-sized hats; in all fashionable colors.
Children's Hats
$1.50 to $7.50
OUR STOCK of Misses' and Chil
dren's Hats is brilliant with that sim
ple elegance which is so often sought
but so seldom foun'd in hats for the
little miss. Hats of plush, velour, vel
vet and felt in white and all new fall
colors; trimmed with ribbon, fur and
flowers; prices range from $1.50 ur
to $7.50.
Crepe de Chine and
Georgette Blouses
Flannelette Night
Shirts, $1.25-$1.50
These cool nights call for warmer
sleeping garments as well as outer
wear and the man who is seeking a
big money's worth in Pn jamas and
Night Shirts will surely find it here.
Made of good heavy flannelette in
neitt stripes of pink and blue, gar
ments that arc full cut well mnde and
nicely trimmed, military or shirt col
lars. Night Shirts at $1.25 and $1.50
each. Pajamas at $1.50, $2 and $2.50.
Moderately Priced Hats
$4.95, $5.95 and $6.95
WITH SIMPLICITY THE keynote and tailored magnificence the
biggest feature of the autumn seasov. we place on display Monday
chic new creations for modishly drestcd women that have never been
equaled before this fall at he modera'o prices of $4.95. $5.95 and $ 'JT.
OUR NEW YORK buying organization has given inexpensive
millinery lis greatest thought, knowiui full well the furore that would
attend this wonderful Monday display.
Bungalow Aprons 65c
WOMEN'S APRONS specially pri ed for Monday's
selling at 65c eac h, they are the favorite bungalow and
adjustable styles, worth 89c; made of excellent quality,
light and medium colnrs in percale;, stripes, checks
and small figures, trimmed with bai: Is of material in
contrasting color; open front or be k, finished with
belts and large pockets.
Flannelette Gowm $125
W3 KNOW THIS will he a real surprise, for who
would expert Flannelette Gowns at a reduced price
rif'-'U at the beginning of winter and. too, flannelettes
aro s- area and very high priced. I igh or low neck
siylev with or without collars, braiu and embroidery
trivaieJ, plain white and neat stripes; al sizes; $1.50
values for $1.25.
. ...
Si A UU lldU
Worn That
v- r i n
FLANNEL
SHIRT
$10.00 and
$12.50 Values
$8.50
NO ONE COULD SUPPRESS enthusiasm far these
new and inimitably charming autumn Blouses. Nnnc
will full to see their real value, which is from $ 2
to H In excess of Monday's sale prk-e.
They are all very beautiful; models that are
characterized by the certain craftsmanship of mas
ter designers. Mndo of excellent quality crepe de
c.''ine and Oeorcette In white and flesh color, some
are beautifully beaded, others embroidered, while
some are finished with finest Irish or filet lace;
$10 and $12.50 values Monday at $S.45.
YOU WOCLDVT BE SNIFFLING
.0W!
A Racine Flannel Shirt is a mighty
good friend In cold weather keepa
you warm and protects you from sud
den changes. Every nan who works
or plays insiie or outside should
have two or three of these splendid
garments.
WK SHOW a complete line all de
sirable colors military or laydown
collars one or two pockets. There's
a shirt for every build and a sis
for every male member of the family.
$2.50 to $4.00
is the price of a Racine Flannel Shirt
and considering the high, cost of wool,
you'll consider these prices extremely
reasonable when you examine de
shirt.
MACKINAWS
For Men
$8.00 to $1500
OUT ON THE ROAD with yeur can
pulled down and both hands gripping
the steering wheel, while the "old
Jitney" hits the high spots. It'a then
you feel the need of a Mackinaw, It
will enable you to enjoy the exhilarat
ing ride to the utmost because it
keeps you snug.
HERE YOU'LL FIND a collection of
Macklnaws that you'll like Immensely,
because of their distinctiveness, clean
cut appearance, smart patterns in
rich colorings In bright and subdued
shades, and the honest comfort and
service built into them. All sixes from
36 to 46; priced at ii and upwards to
$15.00.
Heavy Duck Coats
Sheap Skin Lined
$10.00
Mr. Miner; this Is just the coat for
you after coming ont of a hot step
Into the cold night air, to prevent you
from becoming suddenly chilled and.
perhaps, catching a severe cold.
They're made of heavy brown duck,
double-breasted, and sheepskin lined
throughout sheepskin .collar that may
be worn turned-up high about tb
neck, reinforced pockets and double
stitched throughout an exceptionally
good value at the price of $10 each.
1
v. THE BISBEF DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, OCTOBER 28, 1917.
THREE
I
'4
6
I
i
City Briefs
;Ash and Montezuma canyons than 'or did
a number of years.
Has anyone visited you? Or
have you entertained? If so, call
the Review after 6 p. m. and tell
the Society Editor, Phone 39.
WAS IN DOUGLAS
Richard Bretherton -was in Douglas nf the board of supervisors.
yesterday on a short business trip.
He returned during the afternoon.
program has been arranged for
the occasion, Homemade pie and
coffee will be served during the even
ing and every one will be made wel-
children ' ccme.
NEGRO DRAFTED MEN
WILL BE ENTERTAINED
IN DISTRICT MONDAY
FROM TOMBSTONE
Sheriff Harry Wheeler was in the'
city yesterday on business connected
with his office. He went on to Doug-j
las and returned here late last night. ,
RETURNED HOME
Mrs. Edwin Hughes and
and Mrs. A. C. Karger and daughter;
returned to Tombstone yesterday aft- ARRESTED IN PHOENIX
er spending a couple of days here on: Fred Otero, alias Fred Stevens, a
a shopping lour. Mrs. Hughes is the' former resident of Hisbee .is under
wife of County Assessor Hughes and arrest in Phoenix, charsed with bdr-''Jen Men Who Meet Monday
-Mrs. iarger is me wn? 01 ice cirm piary. ne was catigi:i oy r
soon afier he had robbed a stora or
considerable plunder. Otero was sent
FROM PHOENIX to the reform school from this city
X. F. Ferguson, who Is making a . several years ago, but was out on pa
tour of the state !n behalf of the i0ie from that institution when he
homeless ones that have left the state committed the robbeiy in Phoenix,
Institution on the banks of the Gila He will now be sent back to that
FOOD SAVING WEEK r
CAMPAIGN LAUNCHED
THROUGHOUT COUNTY
Morning Will Be Guests at
Dinner in Evening and at
Dance the Same Night
FROM TOMBSTONE
Harry Bradt was in the city yester
day from Tombstone, coming over to
have some work done on his car. He
will return home on Monday..
Ladies of the Warren District will
see to it that the nine men of the col
ored contingent from Cochise ctounty
that have been drafted will be enter
tained in Bisbee. Monday before de-
river near Florence, trying to induce school or to the penitentiary.
them to return home. Some of them -
have been abserft for several months. RFpijSEn to PAY
! i t.i ii I ' rn.Aa ft Animal
hju . uu. iico - .. i- i d;u. ft ui
FROM ST. DAVID ghow rontinues 4o Veep up its reputa-l ur 8U.u.rS
Levi Nelson was in the ci y yester- had one. Every year; be given , . .t the Y. M. C
day from his home at St. David. Mr. offloen, have trouble with them I A- na ed through the efforts of
hocirfo An in? considerable 11."'' '"" "" ' ' meiruwii
MOVED TO WILLCOX
Mrs.N Charles Ellinwood and chil
dren have moved from Bisbee back
to their former home in Willcox after
spending a number of months in this
district.
over the collection of
money, and yesterday was no
Nelson,
farming, has a contract for furnishing
sand for the Southwestern Construe- hp rue at Dosas. They en
tion company that is paving the, aETeement to Py a
. ..r rfnioi:ic ntan furnishes - .. . in th
nirr.U....f -ate for rBir penouuautn. ... -.,, hv lh llHiol- .!,
:.l IV.- ft. u .ilv ' . . .u rj!.,t,o H""'' "1 men
!u.u-- " " 'county, and arter paying . frien(is t0 address them at
licenso refused tq pay ai iwup .-,
nnnnlA After ?hf dinner tha nl.llara
excep-. K . " . , ' , '
en w vc irULci milieu uj lilt! I'ljiorea pi J
'ple or the district with a dance.
ur. r rancis iv. ounie nas peen re-
FROM RANCH '
William Cowan was in the city yes
erday from his ranch in the Sulphur
Sarine valley. He reports cattle in
DEL BERT PERRY DIES
James Bell, the Main s;reet drus
the dinner.
Mobilization of colored troops from
. . . . .... , , itn.Ai., ...it tnnnl
. . ifr'fienrT wneeier iiniiii.v a tne western an(J central states for
iobin the tirkets. ftnd then they n, ...... .
i... ..ni.. revive,! w'nrd from Fort v""'"". . tka I on ruiiMuu . u.iurr ay ana most
" . .T . . . were willing to comrmrous".
HuacDura to tne eueci tnai iwioeri. atahmit that they carry
Perry formerly a resident f Bisbee. have takjng wUh tnem Ild ,n,
but who returnee a short tune ago th bur.. , , '
iieauy cu-ij uy iiiuiiiiiiK at u uiin:k ai me 1. m.
of the men will be in quarters the nxt
that section as being in first-class con-1 Perry, upon leaving Eisbee, enlisted in
the Canadian forces. He was passed ;
dition.
........ .. 1 1 r.a 1 1 "
frnm Fnrnnp hBtl llierl ol tUDerCU. JS1S. - , t v,iq
0' .". .:; , r.Ti. ut tn glarles were reported, .n i.""" C. A. They will leave for Funston.
the change room at tne mine """ Tuesday afternoon
Those who will report include:
on the western front and was invalided
i home.
cleaned within two hours after the
circus landed.
The Churches
J'jhn B. Barnes. Bert Wright, Clar
ence Mays, Simmie Fields, Frank An
derson, Ned Edmond. William Conley,
James c.. Taylor, Albert Miller, An
drew B. King.
THROUGH TO DOUGLAS
County Attorney John F. Ross and
Ccunty Stenographer Blumenthal were PREPARE FOR PEST
in the city yesterday on their way to; City Marshal James Allison announc
Douglas from Tombstone. They were' ed last evening that several special of
calle.d to Douglas on official business. ! fleers would be added to the city force
during the next few days In order to
FROM TRIP i protect property fi'jm predatory! St John's Episcopal Church. e
, . , u,n,-o ,i hof,o Sunday school 9:4o a. m. Morning
turned from the Chiricabua mount- The City Marshal is determined tratjrvlce 11 a- "?n
ains where he has been for the past damage shall be kept to a minimum , cno1 9:45 m- tJioir practice
two 'weeks on a hunting trip. He pe- and wUl prosecute anyone caught mak-1 Wednesday 7 p. m. H. S. Brewster,
tjorts havinsr had a most enjoyable inX trouble. 1 rector.
time ; j j Services of unusual interest will be
!TO FUNERAL ' Assembly of God. j held at the Episcopal church this
HELD TO ANSWER ' Quite a number of the residents ofi Sunday school at 10:30 a. m. Sun- morning, celebrating the Luther
no., Thnmn wo. mvioreH h tn , the Warren district will go to Tomb- day preaching at 2 and 7:30 p. m. quadri-centennial. It was in October.
answer on a charge of burglary by stone today to at'end the funeral of Tuesday Bible study at 7:30 p. m.'isiT, that Martin Luther posted his
Judge High yesterday. His bond was tne Ia,e F- x- Woicott. The funeral , Friday night prayer meeting at 7:30, 95 theses on the door of the principal
fixed at $200 which he furnished. 1 services win dp neia at. z o ciock irora p. m. tiveryDoay coraiany mvueu iu cnurcn in wmenourg an act rrora
'EPISCOPAL CHURCH
TO HONOR LUTHER
County Attorney Bruce Stephenson the residence and under the auspices attend these services.
wes here to represent the state in the CI lne Masonic oraer, or wnicn louse pastor.
prosecution of the case.
the deceased was a member.
J
John Eiting, which all Protestantism sprung. Four
.hundred years have passed, almost to
. i the day. The Rev. Mr. Brewster will
Rev. A. J. Irwin will conduct relig-, deliver a sermon bearing cn the great
FROM VALLEY 'FUNERAL TODAY 1 ious services at South Bisbee Sunday, 1 reformer and there will be special
Keith Preston was In the city yes-' The funeral services over the re- October 27, at 11 a. m., and at Warren music.
terday from the Sulphur Spring Val-!mains of the 1ate Pcy Antess, who at 7:30 p. m. These services are free;
ley, where he is at present employed ;was accidentally killed at the Junc-;ror y0U- Come and worship with us.; HOOVER WARNS
in running a number of gasoline en- tion mine a few nishts ago, will be a. J. Irwin, minister. j (By Review Leased Wire.)
gines for pumping water. He was a e'd this 'afternoon at 2 o'clock from j SEATTLE, Oct. 27. Food Admisis-
former resident of Tombstone. the Hennessy undertaking parlors. Christian Science society of Eisbee trator Hoover tonight telegraphed
' ' Rev. Mr. Harshman will conduct the holds services in Odd Fellows' hall at Charles Hebbard. food administrator
1!:15 a. in. Sunday; Wednesday even-jfor the state of Washington, saying
ing at 7:45. The public is welcome he had been informed of a widespread
-nd invited to attend. Subject for conspiracy to destroy grain , supplies
Sunday, October 28, "Probation After and animals in stock yards, and urg
Death." . : ing that immediate steps be taken to
: ' safeguard food stores in the north-
REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS west.
services.
FROM MOUNTAINS
G. J. McCabe was in the city yester-!
day from his mining claims in the; MASQUE PARTY TUESDAY
Huachuca mountains. He reports that ; On Tuesday evening tee Catholic
section as being quite prosperous at, Ladies' Aid society will give a Hal
tfce. present time, and that there are lewe'en misque dancing party at tha
more men employed in the vicinity ofi Knights of Columbus hall. A splen-
L 0
Juurcu&s
VI
ITS COMING
32 FORDS TO BISBEE THIS WEEK!!!
10 TO SELL-GRAB ONE MONDAY
The car adapted to Bisbee
streets.
j The car adapted to Arizona
roads.
, The car you can easily un
derstand. The car you can promptly
pets parts for.
The car for which every
buyer is a booster.
PROMPT DELIVERIES AT LAST
The car that costs you least.
The car that serves you best.
The car your wife can drive.
The car your children can
steer.
The car that does not break
you.
The car that does not go
broke.
Schools Will Take the Lead in
Soliciting Pledges for the
Conservation of Food in
This Region of State.
Food saving pledge week will open
with no more snap anywhere in the
country this week than in Cochise
t'junty. .The school teachers and their
several thousand pupils will attend to
tha:, assisted by ministers from their
pulpits today and by a strong county
executive organization which has been
! put together with workers in every lo
cality who stand ready to take hold to
morrow and push the campaign to ,iie
top limit.
The teachers and their pupils, l.'jw
ever, are the big. live wire contingent
iu whom is being placed the largest
faith for quick and efficient results.
At the end of the week it is the expec
tation that they can be heralded from
one end of the country to the other as
having established in Cochise county
that hey are the biggest force yet
brought to bear in aid of war 'emer
gency movements in the fo'jd division.
Tomorrow evening at the Y. M. C. A.
Charles W. Crist, special representa
tive of Herbert C. Hoover, Xational
Food Administrator, will speak to the
biggest audience of school teacners,
high school girls and housewives that
can be assembled fi'jm the Warren
District. It has been assigned the
teachers and high school girls to get
out an audience that will be fitting to
the presence of so distinguished a
speaker engaged upon so important a
mission. If the teachers and high
school girls do not get a personal invi
tation to you, however, Mrs. House
wife, remember that it is because they
have been very short of time and that
you are expected to be at the Y. M. C.
A., at 7:30 this evening to hear Mr.
Crist, who came8 from an afternoon
meeting In Tucson to address the meet
ing here, upon the urgent solicitation
of the Cochise county ommittee, and
immediately after his address will
leave by the night train for Phoenix,
where he is to speak Tuesday morning
and in other cities in the afternoon and
evening.
Mr. Crist passed through Bisbee last
week, enroute to Douglas and El Paso.
He said to a reporter at tha: time:
"Conservation is a threadbare theme.
The new word is 'substitution.
"We are asking n'ow for substi
tution of things not because they are
cheaper, but because the original foods
are needed by our allies," he said. "In
some cases you may find that substitu
tion Is more costly."
Speaking of sacrifices, he said the
government did not ask a man to eat
less but to eat those things that the
allies could n'Jt use.
"It used to be the fashion to leave a
bit of food on a plate to show the hos
pitality of the host had been generous.
Xow it is the era of the clean plate.
"We have got to get along without a
garbage pail" he said: "although we
are not going to eat garbage."
M
oney Is at a
Premium
Everyone has or should have bought a Liberty bond
if he possibly could afford, it. Most of us have bought
on a payment plan.
NOW If You Buy One of Our
$loQQ
Suits or Overcoats
You will not only get full value, but you will also
make a saving of from $4.00 to $9.00 to apply on
ycur bond payment.
In addition we will mention the fact that we carry an
A-l line of Stetson and other makes of Hats, Shirts,
Sweaters and Mackinaws at prices that are consistent
with first-class merchandise.
JOE DICKSTEIN
NEXT TO THE BISBEE REVIEW.
MAIN STREET
(THE STORE WITH A CONSCIENCE.)
We Are Exclusive Agents in Bisbee for the Royal Tailors.
and 1915 he was a member of the city
council. .Much of the constructive
work accomplished by the council, dur-1
ing the first Adams administration, can
be credited, in great part; to Mr. Cun
ningham. '
In addition to the two sisters, sur
viving Mr. Cunningham, Is a brother ;
and several nephews and nieces.
"SUNDAY SCHOOL" SUNDAY.
REVIEW WANT ACS FOR RESULTS
I Continued Ob Page Two.)
DEXVER. Oct. 27. Governor Gun
ter today issued a proclamation call
ing on the people of the state to ob
serve Xovember 4 as "Go to Sunday
School" Sunday. The proclamation
was prompted by the move started by
the Denver Sunday School association
for observance of the day.
r
BODY OF CHARLES P.
CUNNINGHAM LEAVES
FOR THE EAST TODAY
Old-Time Resident of Bisbee i
Will Be Buried Next Satur
day in Philadelphia Suburb.
Sisters Accompany Body.
F romAnyPoint
of View
"WE MAKE EM FIT"
Touring Cars $429.05 Roadsters $413165
HOOD
BLEDSOE
I Ph
IsflBMMMI
Phone'686 Bisbee
Authorised Agents
Phone 171 Douglas
Accompanied by two his sisters, Mrs.
Annie Connor and Miss Lizzie Cunning
ham, the body of Charles P. Cun
ningham, pioneer resident of Biebee
and Cochise county, will leave for Phil
adelphia this morning. Interment
will be made In the Holy Redeemer
cemetery, Bridesborotigh, next Satur-i
day. !
The body jf Mr. Cunningham will be j
Interred with that if his mother, who
made this request on her deathbed
some years ago. Vntil Saturday and :
after the arrival in Philadelphia, the ;
body will remain at the home of Mrs.
Connor, 3160 G street, the Quaker City.
Charlie Cunningham was sixty-three
years old at the time of his death. H
was a native of Illinois, born In Du-
ouesne. February 2, 1855. With his
parents he moved to Girardville, Penn
sylvania and lived in the Keystone
state until he was twenty-tone years
old. A part of the time he worked as
a coal miner.
When he reached his majority. Mr.
Cunningham started for the west. He
came to Tombstone from Colorado and
has since lived in Cochise county. Up
on the wane of the old silver camp he
made his headquarters in Bisbee, in
teresting himself in mining ventures in
this country and in Mexiito. At his
death he was the part owner of several
promising properties in the adjoining;
reoublic.
, In 1904 Mr. Cunningham was married
in Bisbee. Mrs. Cunningham died sev
eral years later In Southern California. 1
never being able to stand the altitude
of Southern Arizona.
Of public service Mr. Cunningham
has rendered much to Bisbee and the
county. He has served in a number
of capacities of public trust and in 1914
The advantages of tailor-made clothes are
apparent from every angle. Appearance,
durability, and the look of newness which
a tailor-made suit possesses even when it'
is old are advantages that you should
consider. Regardless of your point of
view, the tailor-made suit should be your
selection.
We have on display nearly five hundred
fabrics, most desirable for men's Suits and
Overcoats.
B. F. MILLARD
. LEADING TAILOR.
PHONE 140. ALLEN BLOCK. iTE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, OCTOBER 28, 1917.
Published Every Day Except Monday By the
State Consolidated Publishing Company
Member of the -Associated Press The Associated
Press is exclusively entitled to the use for republication
of all news credited to it or not otherwise credited In
this paper and also the local news published herein.
All rights of republication of special dispatches herein
are also reserved.
Business Office Phone No. 39.
Branch Connecting All Departments.
Advertising Rates on Application.
f ntrd as Sesond Class Mail Matter at Blabee, .rlaona,
Under Act of March 8, 1879.
Subscription Rates, Payable In Advance:
PEE MONTH I -76
THREE MONTHS 2.25
4IX MONTHS 4.00
TWELVE MONTHS 7.60
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per year 8-50
TNDAT (Our Weekly) per quarter .76
No Subscription Taken For Leu Than 75 Cent.
PHONE NO. 39
fteview subscrlsera not receiving a copy of The Bisbre
Daily Review before 8 a. m. will set one promptly by
ceclal Western Union Messenger by telephoning tlie
Circulation Department, No. 89. The Review will eon
aider it a favor if the Irregularity of delivery I reported
to the Circulation Department. .The Messenger service
applies to Bisbee only.
Sunday Morning, October 28, 1917.
I The Italian Disaster
It is the same old story over again. The miserable
showing of the Italians this week, facing the Germans for
the first time, demonstrates beyond the peradventure of
a doubt that the Slav and Latin races of Europe cannot
stand against the Prussian. The ignorance and stupid
folly of the Slav and the froth and glitter and foam of
the Latin break like chaff before the gale when the
real test comes in the storm of war. Only the Saxon
and the Gaul can beat the Prussian.
Consider a few facts in connection with the weakness
and retreat of the Italian hordes before a few German
divisions and the old Austrian armies they had beaten.
The crown prince, using the flower of the German forces,
made forty 1 desperate and costly attacks against th.
French the past summer on the Chemin des Dames and
did not gain a permanent foot, and in the end was forced
back some three miles last week by an irresistible
charge. Two years ago, British soldiers without any
artillery or machine guns to speak of,, held back the
Prussian onslaught on the -channel ports with their rifle
and their iron nerve.
Yet these Italians, who have all andMnore men than
they need, and who are fairly well equipped with artil
lery and excellently equipped with airplanes and machine
guns, holding mountain heights, are forced back in two
days from ground they had spent three months to win.
- . It is most discouraging. They were beaten by the
mere name cf the Prussians before they began the battle.
They knew the offensive was coming and had made
preparation for it. But when the Teutonic regiments
advanced, the Italians tlroke like foam strands upon the
beach and fled. If the Germans can spare the men and
guns and effort from the. western front, where they are
hard pressed in two places and owe their present safety
only to the rainy weather, there is no reason to doubt
but that they can walk to Rome without stopping, i
they do not get leg weary on the way, even as they can
walk into Petrograd. (
But they cannot spare them. Real enemies face them
on that western front. The Anglo-Saxon and the Gauj
are there, and the American is coming. These foes are
made of sterner stuff. The Prussian name and fame meau
nothing to them. They have beaten the kaiser's best too
often. Not a foot of ground permanently losts in two
years is the record of the English and French troops.
And this country fondly believes that her own regiments,
formed and forming, are made of the same stuff.
This Italian fiasco, along with the Russian collapse,
will convince every thoughtful man that the war must
be won on the western front by England, France and
America alone. It must be won against practically the
full force of the German empire. Austria, weak and woe
begone as she is, can from now on stand off the demor
alized Slav and the beaten Italian, while Germany sends
her full strength into the west. And the fight will be
to a bitter finish. France will fight to the last man be
fore she yields another yard of French soil to the Hun.
England is aroused to a cold fury by the air raids over
London and the Prussian cruelties and inhumanities.
America, slow to start, will live up to her traditions and
fight to the last man and the last dollar or until victor
ious. The greatest republic of the world is fighting with
democracy as the stake.
The Italian reverse simply means that the war will
not end next year. Not until the year after will the full
strength of this country be thrown into the scales. This
nation had just as well set its teeth and prepare for
heavy sacrifices in everything we hold dear, except that
which we hold most dear liberty and honor.
The Sunday Sermon
"The word of Jehovah also came unto me,
saying, Son of man, thou dwellest in the midst
of a rebellious house, that have eyes to see,
and see not; that have ears to hear, and hear
not." Ezekiel 12-1.
This terrible rebuke of the Lord to Israel and His
chosen people, brought up to date, might be translated
to mean, you never miss the water 'till the well runs
dry. It is only when it is too late that the rebellious
blind look to see and the rebellious deaf strain their earn
to listen. But the vision of hope and happiness has
passed and the concord of sweet sounds is still forever.
Ezekiel sounded his Master's warning to Israel in
thunder tones, but the people would not raise their eyes
to see the glory of the Lord, nor would they listen to
His words as spoken by His prophet. And lights shine
and sweet faces gleam that the sons of men today will
not raise their eyes to see. And thrilling harmonies stir
the air and they will not listen. On every side of us
brave friends smile but we do not see them, for we are
looking at the shadows. Our children or our mothers
call, but we are deaf from perverseness. Ah, in tho light
of some cold and pitiless tomorrow we will strain our
eyes and look in vain through bitter tears for that friendly
face with a smile. We will listen with breaking heart for
some one we loved to call us again.
It is so in all things. There are none so blind a
those who will not see. People who live in a hovel look
impatiently past its homely comforts and care-free cor
ridors and simple love to the spires of the handsome
house upon the hill. And the man who lives in that
house is bitter because the palace on the next Iiill is
finer than his stately home. And the man in the palace
may be blind to his gilded cornices because of the tears
that memory of the little home of long ago brings to
his eyes. "
There are none so deaf as those who will not hear.
The poor man closes his ears to the birdsong of the
thickeb and the rich man closes his to the clatter of the
cabaret The sweetest story ever told often falls upon
deaf ears that are open to the chatter and vain sounds of
the crowded hives of men. Why will we not listen! The
breath of the violin, the carol of the lark, the laughteY
of childhood, the ectasy of the organ, the singer with
thegolden voice, all these are calling us, but our .ears
are attuned only to the clink of money or the sigh of
some broken man we have displaced in the terrible race
for success.
Why will we not see! The glory of the dawn is in
our eyes and it lights a wonderful world, and the faces
of loved ones are near. The highlands and the lowlands
are before us, painted by the Master's hand. But. we
frown and scowl and look down at the muck and mire
at our feet and complain because we have not wings
to fly to the heights.
The finest things in this world to see are close at
hand. The sweetest sounds that ever fell upon mortal
ear are to be heard every day by the most humble in
home and on hillside; on village street where old friends
walk and in field where the whispering leaves and falling
water and soaring bird are never still.
But no, we will not look, and we will not listen. Our
petty cares bind our eyes with a black cloth and our
ambitions and hatreds and petulance and selfishness and
thoughtlessness and egoism stop our ears to the har
monies and melodies of the world.
When Israel was finally ready to turn and see f.ie
wonders of the Lord and listen to His voice, it was too
late. This rebellious house was scattered as' the wind
scatters the autumn leaves. Its children were sent into
captivity and put to the sword, even as', Ezekiel had
foretold.
When we are ready to turn from our business and
our striving and our seeking for aggrandisement to our
laughing girl or questioning boy, it is too late. They
are sleeping now, she with wet lashes of disappointment,
and he with sad and wondering face that dad took no
interest in his great little affairs. It is too late when
you turn to listen. Your children have passed from
childhood as fleeting as a bird's wing, and they did not
have your aid, advice and counsel. They are married,
fled or dead. Your friends have passed on to other
streets or other lands. The bird that sang has flown
southward. The organ player's hands are still. The
strings of the violin are broken. The five wise virgins
with their filled and lighted lamps have passed t!i rough
the gates and the doors are closed to those outside the
wedding feast.
We have so many fine things to see and so many
sweet sounds to hear that we should watch and listen
all the time, and seeing, smile, and hearing, thrill with
happiness' that our fate has been so knld.
Did you ever see a blind girl smile? It is sadder than
Christ weeping over Jerusalem. Did you ever see a
man, deaf from birth, look at the moving lips of his dear
friend? It is as pathetic as the death of a nightingale,
killed in the full flood of song.
And yet we who have eyes to see, will not see, and
we who have ears to hear will not listen. It is all very
strange and wrong and sad. . Let us look upward add
smile; let us bend our ear to listen and thrill at the
wonder of a sweet and simple song.
From J. A. Campbell of Yo'ungstown, Ohio, a delegate
at the conference of steel manufacturers in Cincinnati,
comes the following stirring words that should be en
graved upon all hearts: "There is nothing much worth
while now except to win the war. The matter of making
money or of doing things that are not necessary for the
war are no longer important considerations."
Brazil, tlie greatest and richest country in South
America, has declared unanimously for war upon the
ruthless Hun. So far as the actual battle line of tlie
present is concerned her entrance may not hurt Ger
many to any extent, but as the war goes on the weight
of this rich and populous republic will be felt in many
material ways. Food and resources will win the war In
tlie end. and here Bra ad will play an important part.
County Briefs
Johnson & Cook shipped three cars
of beef cows from Doug's to Loa An
geles on the l!Uh. On the 20th tbey
shipped one car of fat cows and one
car of veal to El Paso and one car
of veal to Los Angeles.. .
J..W. Laird of Danville, Ind., has
been employed as principal of the
Willcox high school and will begin his
work there in November. He will
teach the natural sciences. Mr. Laird
is president of the Central Normal col
lege, Danville, Ind., at present.
Mrs. Ellen Harwo-jd left Tombstone
Wednesday, for Sau Francisco, where
she will visit with relatives until af
ter the holidays, and also with her
grandson. Luarence Land, who is in
the navy there. This will be the tirst
time Mrs. Harwood has seen her rela
tives since '82. '
D. C Thurman of Lompoc was in
Willcox Wednesday and called at the
News office. He has 30 acres in culti
vat ion this year and expects to raise
10 tons of beans, 310 bushels of corn
ind a lot of maize. He says his crops
this year will pay for all his expendi
tures on his ranch since he located
upon It. 4
Mohr & Storm of the City Market
at Douglas have on exhibition a live
tiger, caught by a Mexican "some
where in Sorona," nd brought it to
this city with a view to selling it here.
A. C. Lubbcrt, who is press agent for
he tiger, says it can speak "Mex."
like a native, is one year old and
knows as much about table manners
and etiquette as a Villa soldier.
Brief State Notes
The farmers of Pomerene, near Ben
son are busy putting up their fourth
crop of alfalfa hay.
W. G. Landers, . S. S. Willard and
Melchor Garza of the P. D. corpora
tion general office at Morenci, left on
Tuesday morning for Nacozari, Sonora,
Mexico, where they will be employed
for some time with the Montezuma
Copper company.
Charles Korrick, owner of the larg
est department store In Phoenix, has
been fined $300 for the alleged double
signing of a referendum petition
against the Women's Minimum Wage
law. He insists that he is innocent
and will appeal the case to the su
preme court.
The board of supervisors of Gila
county Monday directed the diversion
of county moneys to the amount of
approximately $75,000, from various
funds for the purchase of liberty bonds
The money was removed from the
sinking fund and of the court hViuse
and the jail principally, although a
number of the school districts are rep
resented.
The University, of Arizona has the
opportunity of supplying 24 men to
the third series of Officers' Training
Corps which are t'o be held at Fort
Bliss, Fort Sam Houston and Chick
amauga, Ga from January 5 to April
5, 1918. It is the object of these
camps to train men 'for appointments
as officers to fill vacancies that may
occur in the regular army, the national
guard and the national army, and
graduates of these camps will be com
missioned as 2nd lieutenants.
The Benson Canal Brard made a
thorough inspection of the ditch a few
days ago. Tbey contemplate many im
provements. They will probably use
a carload tf cement in making the re
pairs. Waterma8ier Lutln?r Statler
has a force of men cutting the weeds
from the canal bank.. This will be
followed by a thorough cleaning from
top to bottom.
Clarence May, colored, who, durins
the past week, has been terrorizing
the residents of West. Sixth street,
Douglas, by his actions, was sentence
to serve 100 days in Friday by
Felice Judge Maday. May was taken
into custody by the police on ths
charge of being drunk end disorderly.
At the hearing It developed the man
was making himself obnoxious to the
residents of the district, and Judge
Maclay gave him lots of time to think
It over.
A. j. MoAnich, whose home is in
Minnchans. Tex., left Willcox for El
Paso Tuesday. McAnich assisted In
1 ringing a herd of 48 horses from
Barstow, Tex., to the Davis ranch
south of Willcox. The horses) are
owned by Oliver King, who expects tc
operate a large cattle ranch in Sul
phur Springs valley soon, and will
ufce these horses for cowhorses. Mc
Anich has been called for military
duty and will report for entrapment
immediately.
Horace B. Grlffen of Company B,
and Ralph Long of Company F, tof the
Twentie.h Regiment of Engineers are
probably the first Arizonans to reach
the other side for war service. Cards
have been received here from young
Griffen who announced their safe arrtv-
al In a "foreign port". Grlffen was a
Republican correspondent on the
SVmthside and manager of the depart
ment for a long term o' fyears. He is
a graduate of the Tempe Normal and a
well known athlete.
G. II. Dudley, mine1 foreman for the
Phelps Dodge corporation, at Morenci,
Ief: on Wednesday morning for Las
Cruces from which point he will take
charge of the recently acquired min
ing property of the same Company, in
the Orgaon Mountains, about ten miles
away. Mr. Dudley has been In the
employ of the company a number of
years and has many friends in Morenci
who wish him the best success in his
new position.
The case against Charles G. Fuller,
charged with violation tf the espion
age act of June, 1917, was Wednesday
morning continued to the next term of
the United States district court, which
will be next April. . He was released
on his own recognizance. The other
eight I. W. W. agitators were held to
answer to the charges against them
in Chicago. The evidence against Ful
ler is the alleged possession Vf some
verses alleged to be Improper.
S. F. Cole of the Cadwell Undertak
ing company of Douglas, who has been
on a tnree weens vacation m m
Chiricahua mountains, has returned
well pleased with his trip. While
away Mr. Cole captured a beautiful
buck deer, about five years old. The
animal had a beautiful head and ap
pears to have been very large. The
people of this city do nJt appreciate
country around Fly park and Russell
park, Mr. Cole says This is a wonder
ful place, he thinks. It is near Para
dise and is one of the prettiest sights
Mr. Cole says he has ever seen. Ice
cold mountain springs add to the ad
vantages of the place as a resort.
tendent of schools, is making her first
annual official visit 'to the entire
school system of the county and un
less something prevents will visit each
a.nd every school, something that ha-;
never been done by any county school
superintendent in the history the Co
rhise county schools. In early day::
it would have taken months to cover
the over seven thousand square miles
embracing the Cochise schools, but i'l
the days of the "flivver," and that
is what Miss Tolos uses, she Is en
abled to cover the entire county in
less than a month and transact her
official duties at each school she visijs.
ltetween October 28 (Sunday) and
November 4 a period of one week.
S2;iG housewives in Cochise county
are to be solicited to sign food sav
ing pledges for the period of the war.
School children and school teachers
arc to be given the opportuni y in
this week to take therst step as or
ganized bodies of workers that has
been assigned to them in the present
war period as aids to the government
r.nd to the sons of Africa and their
r.llies on foreign Roll. An entirely
new idea, advanced by the Cochise
county food savings co'.nnr.ttee of the
United States food administration,
will bring the teachers and their pu
pils in Cochise county to the fiont
Declaring that they are in Tucson
to buy ap medium beef, E. K. Cassab
md George Long have arrived
from Los Angeles and are Investigat
ing the beeves in tne market, fbr
slaughter in Los Angeles for the
French government Beef cattle to
the extent of from 50,000 to 60.000
bead will be needed, they declared, to
fill their orders as sub-contractors.
Spot cash is offered. Headquarters
have been established at the Santa
Rita.
AS MAN TO MAN
THE PULLMAN
PASSENGERS AND
THE APACHES
FUST A BRIEF AND
SIMPLE TALE OF
A CRAFTSMAN
The newspaper man raised his eyes
from the contemplation of the little
camp fire and looked across the end
less waves of green mesquite. Far
away could be heard the deep-throated
hum of the oncoming Golden State
Limited train. Soon, in the gather
ing twilight gloom, he could see the
radiance of the headlight. A little
later, with a rush and a roar, the
long string of Pullmans, rolled by.
Tom Hughes raised his head from
the frying pan over which he was
squatting by the fire and looked at
the big train as it struggled with the
grade. "Humph!" he grunted. "I'll
bet you those Chicago and St Louis
and Kankakee and Ashtabula and In
dianapolis people looking out of those;
windows at us hovering around this
fire will swear that we are a party of
Apache Indians camping by the side
of the war trail."
The newspaper man declined the
bet. It looked like too much of a
cinch for Hughes. From a distance,! surgeon, what a life he had led! In
and !n the flickering light of the fire, the prime of his youth he had worked
the party might well be mistaken for on the New York Herald with a hund
Indlans, Hughes was dressed In , Id met about him and never a lino
khaki and puttees and wore a ruin of j tvP machine in the plant. They set
a white felt hat The ladies wore j tvDe DT nand tnen. weighing each word
camp coats and broad rimmed black i ln the "stick." In those days the
felt hats. The newspaper man him-! Drinter was supreme in the land,
self was huddled in a blanket, for the!Form,nK tne mo8t intelligent body of
night was chilly. All around them j crattsmpn lhe world has even known
for miles stretched a sea of mesquite, or wil1 ever know, the printer in the
looking green and ghostly and silent j 0,(1 dajrs was ,n cl88 "nto himself,
as Night drove his horses across the e WM cynic' philosopher, an art
flat The only cheerful and civilized ! reader. worker and a potentate
thing In that mesquite waste was the " ln one- He came and went and
camp fire burning bravely under the asked 00 man for thc watchword or
sizzling coffee pot and frying pan. countersign.
.What DID the passengers on the Thls Pter left Broadway for the
Limited think as they looked through fapevtae; nd pine trees and wnite
the plate glass windows of their lux. .ousf. nd ghstenlng crosses of a little
"I am going to lay these old bones
down for awhile," said the printer to
the newspaper man- ' And the latter
smiled with his lips but looked with
serious eyes at the old printer as he
took his hand and bade him goodbye.
The printer lay on his bed at the Cop
per Queen hospital waiting for the at
tendant to take him to the operating
room. The newapsper man went out
from the walls of pain fo the pleasant
tower gardens where the sunshine
gleamed and the wind from the moun
tains caressed the green leaves and
made them murmur a soft and. sweet
song. And, stopping there awhile, he
thought of many things.
The newspaper man used to be a
printer himself. So he knew what
that old time printer man meant when
he said he was going to "lay those old
bones down awhile." That printer.
w was waiting so gamely tor the
breath of the poppies and the knife of
urlous coaches at that group of camp
ers squatting in the scrub? ' What
Canadian city tVmewhere across the
New York border. And then bis rest-
The second annual conference of the
Southwestern Tuberculosis Association
held October 22 and 23, at the Grand
Canyon, was one of the most success
ful in the history of the Organization.
o .... w.; 1 . i 1 1
l 11 ll31.IOU9 JJ1 UlllllltTUk 111 AIIAUUB, 1 l 11"
Miss Elsie Toles, county superin ftornia, Colorado. Nevada. New Mexico,
Oklahoma and Texas, were present,
and many phases of the great battle
against the plague were advantageous
ly discussed, and the problems of the
battle debated. The program was
most comprehensive in its scope, and
jf unusual interest to those present.
The jury was impaneled Tuesday
and the taking of evidence started
Wednesday morning in the case of
Charles Patricks, alleged I. W. W., on
trial in the superior court at Safford oo
a charge of having participated in the
strike riots of early July at the Ola
Dominion picket line. The case Is
beiug tried before Judge McAllister,
who was not disqualified for this case.
Witnesses who testified before Judge
MsAllister yesterday were H. O.
Tunis. Sheriff Tom Armer, R. L. Pin
yan, G. 11. Urumfield, L. Hartley. C. E.
Gilmer, Lee Kilgore. Hugh Floyd Blev-
ins. R. R. Boyd, U. S. Andrews, Charles
Andrews and Charles Mendlesohn.
Harold Baxter, well known local at
torney of Phoenix, left Tuesday for the
California coast, enroute for Ft Mead.
Baxter will be a corp'oral in the en
gineering corps and hopes to leave
soon for France. Mr. Baxter, who is
a few years past the draft age, made
an enviable reputation as an engineer
before lie took up the practice of law
in which he has beeu successful. He
as the first contingent in the pledg- llHS' becIl prominently identified with
in? movement. To this end school tMe Episcopal church and active in the
pupils are to be enlisted ty their vk'jrk among the young people. For
less fancy carried him on west to Chi-
have thought a year ago If his . h . .
Fate had spoken from the lap of the l8,1"681 and ,the "longest '
gods and told bim that he would leave 7 li th. i ft he
fhe restaurants and theatres and apart-; i"?te dow kT v 0T
. . . . . . . . .. queue, down the big nver to New o la
ment houses and street cars of the city . . - . .
. . . . . ' leans, stopping, 'jf course at St Louis
and come here and fry eggs and be .v.. ' , . .
. i .1.1 .11.. i on the way. And then he went to see
happy in this waste place about one, lne daw W toe Gold(?n
hundred yards from the Mexican bon, Frisco Bay But he cou,( not be nL
a i. v . ! !Tne nortn cuntry called him and he
And he WAS happy that evening. , entred porU,g of
Never did a supper taste as good be-, fron MonUna to Pum Soun(L
fore as that one eaten under stars to ttle b.Juth country he waudered
that shone brighter and clearer an ping at the City of tne A s f()r m
finer than any lamp the cunning hand - Iew vears. And tien he crossed th(J
of a restaurant man ever fastened to ; desert again, stopping at Yuma for a
the gilded dome of his grill or dining, littie while, and finally cas anchor in
hall. The red sand under foot, was ; tiie wairen district of the Touibstoao
as clean as a tiled floor and there canyon.
was a charm in the silence and the What days and nights this old printer
loneliness and the "far-awayness" or ha8 ka0wn! Working night after night
the place that held him in the hollow ( ln tne light-flooded composing ro'jms
of its hand. 0f the grea: cities: playing as hard as
It had never occurred to him before 'he worked urder still brighter lights
that any one could eat with ajiy com-; shifting his own sceaery upon lifea
fort or satisfaction in the middle of; stage to the countrv town and the old
a patch of mesquite out in that desert : cylinder press. But always on foot,
place that looked so flat and barren his back bent over the stone and the
and uninviting in daylight. But the , case and the rack al grinding toil, and
coffee pot and the canteen took the-then his elbtw on the mahogany rail,
place of spring or brook, and the j and then ho! for the next place on the
white moonbeams transformed the J long trail of work and pleasure and
mesquite, and the desert air was as! travail.
pure as wine, and there was a wild, j "These old bones' carried him well.
desolate. untroubled, untrampled The type he has set would load an
charm about the place that made the I ocean liner.' - The paper he has pr;nt
repast a princely affair. j ed would stretch in a ribbon from coast
The newspaper man does not know, to coast The friends he has made
WHY this thing was so, nor does he' are legion. The gcd times he has
trouble himself to explain or analyze known ring to the rafters of many an
it He only knows that It WAS saInn and room where the men of the
and that he was very happy and very j "stick" and "rule" were wont to gath
hungry, and also very sorry because ' er. But even his iron constitution had
certain of bis old friends back home, to bend and give before so much work
were not there to share his good for-: and so much play.' And now. i'jr the
tune. ' hrst time ln many, many years, th's
No cabaret singer ever penetrated restless printer seeks a little rest. His
this far to spoil a pilgrim's meal with ; spirit is uadiaiined. but he had to ' lay
a rag time song. No wild laughter or. those old bones down." The last of
music or glittering lights or merry1 :he Old Guard came finally to the
sound of dance here, it is true, but plains of Waterloo,
neither had tears ever been shed or The neat littie nursemaid bent over
hearts broken out under the silent him and sent him to the chambers of
shadows of the mesquite. Solitude j Chlorofrom I-and, in the grim, deft,
reigns here, and starlight and sand, cool, skilled surgeon undertook to
Not even the chirp of a cricket or the make over again that loyal tenement
croak of a frog or a birdsong. Just of clay so tha: it will house that brave
the stillness and the shadows all spirit until it too. is ready seek eor
about you and the rest of the worli lasting rest
a thousand miles away. I Word from the hospital is j the ef-
That was the fine thing about it. feet that the old printer stood his op
The Pullman passengers would doubt-; era Jon spiendlidly and will soon be
less laugh if they read this, and the hack asatn at the "forms" to place the
newspaper man's old friends, too. But; shining type In rows and platoons and
let them. What do they know or un- j battalions for their early u.rniug
derstand? They never ate fried quail ! charge upon the still sleeping readers
and scrambled eggs and bacon and 'of this district Hasten the day. and
apple pie under the tuesquite and the; more P"r to it when it comes. Th
stars and then watched the camp flra "hop down stairs and the of iice up-
die like a strong man who has fought '
I.,- !, j hi unru and i ' for mm to come Dark.
ready and glad to go.
"Those old
t'jnes" need that rest, for they were
, tired after their long, fast journey.
' A little slower, now, old printer man.
; but a li:tle surer, too. and so e prc.-s
W. O. Jennings and wife motored to
M ill I)uuB.,.a U'ailnauiluir ThV
I,-a pantail u frttt 1UO u t lpnrrf Hllll ,
will move their furniture from here!11 i printers and newspaper men
M'jnday. Mr. Jennings is bmy bhip-
piug ore from the Middlemarch mine,
which is a bonanza, to El Paso with
prospects that this will keep hin; very
busy at I'earce for many months.
must travel tj the er.d. And then we'll
hang "thirty" on the hook and tell ti'e
world go'jdbye wi:h a smile.
Dan
teachers in
league.
a junior food
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING QUICK RESULTS
sH . ing:Kme jtlme he has considered enlisting
and has only awaited the opportunity
to join the ngiueering corps. Mr. Bax
ter is the son-iii law of Captain J. L. B
Alexander.
H. B. Rice, G. H. Dowell and others
of Douglas, are this week in the Sierra
Mad re mountains on a hunt for deer.
Ten years ago Mr. Rice was well ac
quainted with the hunting grounds in
northern Mexico and he induced some
of his friends to return again to the.
"happy hunting grounds" after he had
been away from them for years. It Is
expected that the party will return
with plenty of veulson.
RHYME FOR A "ROOKIE"
What Is the cure for a coward?
ger!
Di ink it. and drain it, and vine i'
will be!
Face, with unfilleted eyes, tlie IJed
Stranger
'Tis but dear IH'ath. who is smiling
at thee!
Margaret Root Ganin of The Vigilantes.
REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS THE B1SBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, OCTOBER 28, 1917.
el
fv I .1 .' fcy
You can easily entertain
with a Victrola
Your guests will have a "splendid' time"
listening to the exquisite music of tne
AUctrola.
They are sure to enjoy it immensely it is
always a pleasure to hear the world's best
music
YOU can easily get a Victrola. There are Victors
nd Victrolas in great variety from $20 to $110, and
we'll gladly arrange terms to suit your convenience.
Corrie in any time and hear your favorite music.
gjjjQ
t '
SOCIETY
Mr. Blaster's Sunday afternoon
study class meets at the Y Ojilay.
At the five o'clock meeting, Mr.
Donaldson will give an interesting talk
on "Life in an Austrian Prison Camp.",
The ladies of the Altar Society will
give a Hallowe'en party at the Knishts
of Columbus Hall, Tuesday evening,
October 30 .h. A splendid program has
been arranged, including games and i
even a fortune teller. Delicious re-j
freshments will be served, and dancing j
will complete the evening's entertain
ment.
Thursday evening the Misses Kate ( the race riots in East St. Lcuis in or
Guihrie, UTabel Eauer and Gertrude j der to collect insurance. He was giv
Desmond entertained at their home at i en an indeterminate penalty.
Special for
!&L00 SALE
ROGER BROS. TEA SPOONS
ROGER BROS. SOUP SPOONS
ROGER BROS. OYSTER FORKS
ROGER BROS. BERRY SPOONS
ROGER BROS. GRAVY LADLES
ROGER BROS. 3-PIECE CHILD'S SET
And complete set of 26 pieces in handsome chest, all
Genuine Rogers, consisting of knives, forks, tea and des
sert spoons, butter knife and sugar shell. r"7 r(
A $15.00 value at . . pi i3U
Smcki'-p
stance, cijarette
l choose from
n:!' f?r deposit on
celery dishes, butter dishes and bowls. Cut-glass sugars
and cream, berry bowls, vases, etc. A very large selec
tion at .- $1.00
Genuine leather hand bags and purses, the new flat
kind, $2.00 to $4.00 values .$1.00
Geuine W. R. Case & Sons pocket knives in many
patterns, worth from $1.50 to $3.00, choice $1.00
Fresh stock of flash lights, the $1.75 kind, for....$1.00
Wood serving trays with glass bottoms, $3.00 values
for $1.00
Candle sticks Odd Dieces in French work that are
bargains, and thousand other
the price asked.
Choice All Day
0
42 Oak avenue, in honor of Mr. Mac H.
Donaldson of Oxford. Other guests
were Misses Hazel Judb'jn, Jean Carr,
Josephine Collins, Mrs. Walter Lan
ford, and .Mr. Harold Thorn. Mr.
Donaldson related his thrilling exper
iences in France and Austria during
the war, where he had some interest
ing adventures, and pictured the danc
es of Russian prisoners, who were in
a prison camp in Austria. The guests
played and sang popular songs, and
the girls worked industriously at Red
Cross knitting. Noved refreshments
clcsed the evening's entertainment
NEGRO GUILTY OF ARSON
EKLLEVILLE, Ills., Oct. 27.
Charles Calvin Beener, a negro, was
convicted in the circuit court here to-
I day jf burning his own home during
MONDAY at i
9
I
cases, lots of patterns to
- r.$1.00
crystal in sugars and cream,
things worth many times
Monday $1.00
1 :
Yankee Forces
Take Over Part
of the Trenches
(Continued From Page One.)
A helmeted Infantry marched in
without the knowledge of the enemy on
the same night tlu'jugh rain and mud.
The French soldiers in the trenches
welcomed them en:husiastically. The
nearest enemy trench is several hun
dred yards away. The sector is one
of the quietest on the front. . It has
not been taken over, being under the
control of troops under the direciion
of the French:
The Americans have shelled German
' positions and ti'oops, the enemy send-
ing shell for shell. The first shell
i case will be sent to President Wilson.
! The case is now in the possession
of General Seibert. The shot was
I fired by a red-headed gunner as his
comrades in the ranks and the assem
bled officers cheered.
The gun used In firing the first
shot was one of the famous French,
75's. On the second day the French
shelled a German battery position
i which was located by the sun, and
'the enemy replied vigorously, projec-
tiles falling close to the Americans,
who joined in the artillery duels.
Standing in a little, almost desert
ed, shell-wrecked village. Well within
hostile range and a few milometers
Irom the trenches, the Associated
Press correspondent watched the
troops marching up in a driving rain
over roads covered with sticky mud.
The artillery had been firing all day,
and as a result the impression was
given that there was considerable
more activity on this front than there
had been for some time. It was soon
after lulls in the firing and in the
dark that the first machine guns
hauled by Missouri mules, the driv-
I ers swathed in poncos and with
shrapnel helme's over their gyes,
came upon the -road beside a dark
canal. There was a long line of
these, and then came some infantry
rolling kitchens, giving off a savory
odor of war food. All passed in si
lence. Through another street lined with
gaunt skeletons of shell-wrecked
houses, came the sound of the tread
of many hob-nailed boots, and in thg
darkness the dim forms of men could
be seen marching. The cautious flash
of an electric pocket lamp disclosed
that they were American infantry,
packs on their backs, rifles slung on
their shoulders, rain glistening on
their helmets and their coats, and the
wind whipping the bottom of their
coauj around their legs, which were
moving with machine-like precision.
The Americans swung down the
street, apparently as proud as though
cn dress parade. As the ranks passed
every now and then a soldier could
be beard whistling softly to himself.
Finally from the rear came the
whistled strain of a tune which all
'knew, and from many places in the
tanks whistles and voices joined in.
The tune of was "Tipperary." It last
led briefly, as an officer turning order
ed "stop that noise."
As the Germans were nearby much
depended cn approaching the scene
;quietly. The troops turned a corner
and disappeared down an ink-black,
I screened road. 1
j The troops entered the trenches
i safely, unit by unit, passing quickly
; to the places assigned them. Quiet
I ness was essential, but the French
! welcome none the less was heard, and
it was enthusiastic.
Every American was .shaken by the
hand, some were hugged and even
j kissed on both cheeks, in the French
I custom. Greetings being over, the
'Americans' settled down, and at day
light, under low-bung, dripping clouds,
they got their first view of Jhe Ger
man lines stretching away in the roll
ing terrain. It has rained daily since
and the troops now are covered with
mud. Officers say they are certain
the Germans knew the Americans are
opposite them, but there has been no
special activity. i
One American battery observed and
I scattered a marching
! with shell fire.
enemy group
Italy's Mettle
Is Being Tested
j by German Arms
j (Continues From Page One)
In Flanders.
The British in Flanders were en
gaged Saturday in making secure the
positions they won Friday, the more
important of which is the Bellevue
spur, west of Passrhvndaele, a valu
able dominating ridge recently taken
and Jield by the Canadians in hard
fighting.
The French on the Flanders line
went further ahead Saturday, captur
ing German trenches north of the ob
jectives reported on Friday. The Rus
sians are continuing to move ahead
in the Rixa region, apparently with
some caution.
SHIP'S COMPANY SAFE
(I5y Review Leased Wire.)
NEW ORLEANS, Oct. 27. All per-
.-xiiib aboard the American steamship
Olympic, which foundered during a
gale last Tuesday in the Gulf of Cein-
peche, are safe, according to reports
eceived 1iere tonight.
CARRIERS' CONTEST
TAKES ON INTEREST
EXTRAORDINARY SOON
This space is today devoted to a re
quest that our readers look for the
proposition in our Wednesday's paper
concerning our Carriers' Contest In
fact, it will be Worth the whil of ev
ery one in crested in the contestants
to watch, and watch closely.
It is not meant by this to indicate
that enthusiasm until that time will.be
or should be dormant. In fact, it is
steadily gaining among the actual
workers and those who are supporting
thjm. As each day brings the final de
cision for the winner of the $ap casn
prize, and the winners of the other
prizes nearer, t'j each day's publication
of the count shows a jump by some
heretofore hardly considered contest
ant, and continued sterling work
among the leaders.
Although the last eeks of the con
test will be marked with almost fever
ish work on the part of all, neverthe
less we caution t'Jth workers and sub
scribers that it may not be the Cnal ef
fort that will turn the trick; that it
may be action today; that continued,
persistent effort is going to count big
NOW.
The following is the standing to
date:
Hubert Detloff 27,000
Frank Lindsey 25,000
Richard Sharpe 19,000
Maurice Rugraff 19,000
Earl Hicks 13,750
Abe Milburn '. 11,500
Herbert Perry '. 10,500
Wm. Riley 8.Z50
Gordon Wallace 7,750
Richard Ojeda 7,000
Eugene Gallagler 7,000
Kenneth Mort 2,000
Wm. Brookinge 2,000
Maurice Kelly 2,000
N. B. The publication of 7.000 for
Kenneth Mort in yesterday's paper was
an error.
THE 20TH CENTURY
CLUB WILL HOLD A
MEETING TUESDAY
The Twentieth Century club will
hold a regular business session Tues
day, af ;er which meeting will be taken
over by Civic and Home Economic De
partments. The Projjram.
Under the general beading,- "Effici
ency in Home Making," there will
come the roll call, during which every
one will talk .briefly on "My Most Use
ful Labor Saving Device." Then i'Jllow
in order:
1. Planning Homes.
"The Comfort and Efficiency of
the Working Plant." Mrs. Brake
field. 2. Remodeling Kitchens.
Discussion led by Mrs. Cobbe.
3 Necessary Articles in the Kitchen
" Discussion led by Mrs. Foster.
This will be an important and an in
teresting meeting, and everyone is urg
ed to attend.
TRAINING AT FORT
RILEY-IIO SLACKER
The Cochise county exempUon board
has authorized the correction of the er
ror whereby the name of Henry L. El
lis appeared among the list of "slack
ers." Ellis is now at Ft Riley. He
could have claimed exempUon on two
grounds, and it doubtless would have
been granted. The Review is glad to
make the correction.
Wilson Orders
Great Increase
In Coal Prices
(Continued From Page One)
In reaching Jus conclusion, Dr. Gar
field wrote:
"I have been influenced particularly
by the provisions of the agreement in
tended to secure an uninterrupted pro
duction of coal."
Dr. Garfield referred to the stipulation
in the agreement mentioned in the
president's order that miners failing
to work the prescribed eight hours a
day for at least five days a week,
would be penalized, the fines to be au
tomatically deducted from Uieir wages,
and said that representatives of the
miners working that length of time
there would be no shortage of coal.
The recent wage agreement is for
the period" Of the war and not to ex
ceed two years from April 1. 1918" and
is subject to ratification of the next bi
ennial convention of the United Mine
Workers of America. Dr. Garfield de
clared however, he has been assured
the convention will approve it
The fixing of provisional prices in
ministration.
August was understood at the time to
be subject to revision by the fuel ad-
NEW TRANSCONTINENTAL HEAD
(By Review Leased Wire.)
WASHINGTON, Oct. 27. G. N.
Snider, coal traffic manager of thn
New York Central railway, was ap
pointed today head of the transporta
tion departmeut of tbo fuo (administration.
RESIDENCE IS THE
MYSTERIOUS SCENE
OF WIERD EVENING
Occupants Returning Home
From Dance Find Wild Dis
order and Puzzling Ar
rangement of Furniture.
Private detectives are in the city at
tempting to solve a mystery in connec
tion iuu a resiuence in liisliee. This
house was brotien into during tne ab
sence of tne occupania Friuay uignt
and evidently made the scene of a mad
revel. So far, nothing of value has
been discovered missing.
Living Room Upset
The young women who live there
were in Naco Friday for the dance,
and they did not return home until
midnight. On entering the living-room
they found a stifling odor had pervad
ed the place; pictures were hung
awry; and the entrance leading to the
dining rc'om was blocked by a couch.
Covering the couch were two small
rugs ,'and above it was draped a cost
ly oriental cloth, canopy fashion
Flowers were scattered in profusion
over the whole setting. One light
burned, so placed that it illuminated
the strange arrangement in an odd,
mysterious way. An Oriental lamp
burned on the floor; and a coffe per
colator, full of cold water, was prom
inently displayed in the foreground.
There were no clues by which the in
truders might be traced, save for an
envelope bearing the names of trt
young Blsbee men of unquestioned
standing. It is believed that they
were either intended as the second
victims of a practical joker Or jokers,
or else that robbers intended to make a
haul and used these names to cover
their tracks. Neither explanation is
completely satisfactory, however.
There is an air of mystery which sur
rounds the en:ire act. The matter is
being investigated privately.
Liberty Loan Is
Great Success in
the Whole Nation
(Continued From Page One)
other states in the district to reach
ing its maximum, subscribing $175,
000,000 toward its highest allotment
of $225,000,000.
San Francisco reported sales of
$69,453,750 and Los Angeles $35,000.
000. McADOO HAPPY
WASHINGTON, Oct 27. Secretary
McAdoo announced late tonight that
the second Liberty loan was an over
whelming success.
, "It is a great honor," said the sec
retary, "to be able to announce that
tbe second Liberty loan has been
greatly over-subscribed. It will be
several days before final figures can
he given.
"The challenge of the German kai
ser lias been Answered by the free
people of America in unmistakable
terms."
EL PASO'S WORK
EL PASO, Oct 27. El Taso over-
scribed its quota for the second Lib
erty loan $600,000 with a total of
$2,500,000, according to W. M. Butler,
manager of the bond campaign here.
This was exclusive of the bond 3
bought by the soldiers in the El Paso
district, who bought $1.3S9.300 worth
of bonds.
NEW YORK
NEW YORK. Oct. 27. Subscrip
tions to the Liberty loan in the New
York federal reserve district at 6
o'clock tonight were estimate-i at $1.-
csft 000.000. At that hour subscriptions
of $1,250,000 000 actually bad been
AW t the federal reserve bank. Tne
oi.vMith-hnnr deluge of orders made
an -accurate estimate Impossible, but
Gov. Benjamin Strong of the bank ae-
clared that the maximum or i.div
000.000 for the district had been more
than pledged.
REFLECTS LOAN FINANCING
WASHINGTON. Oct. 27. Liberty
loan financing was reflected tonight in
the weekly statement of the federal
reserve banks showing a new high
record of $2,528,365,000 in resources
an increase of approximately $80,000.
000. '
SENSATIONALISM BANNED
(By Review Leased Wire.)
ATLANTIC CITY. N. J- Oct 27-
i oli;iiiw as official!)
sensammai '"
eliminated from the M- E. church by
the house of bishops ai m .....
ing session of a special i-
t ......... iiof.isBl met the propoxal
uere umj.
to lift the denominational ban upon
dancing, theaters and such harmless"
amusements.
RETURNED JO ARIZONA.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
DEM ING. N. M., Oct. 27. Fred El
klus and II. M. Parker, alleged accom
plices in the killing of a man oil the
Indian reservation uear llolbrook.
Arizona, were taken hack to that city
.for trial by Sheriff Newman of HOl
brook this afternoon. Ray Elkins. al
so thought to be Implicated in the kill
ing.' was captured at Globe. Arizona,
according to Sheriff Newuum.
CAPTAIN WHEELER
APPLIES 5TH TIME
FOR AMISSION
Friends Throughout the State
Hopeful That Government
Will Accept Offer of Co
chise County Sheriff.
Captain Harry Wheeler is "watch
fully waiting" for government action
on his fifth application for a commis
sion in the United States army. He
is hopeful that this time his request
will be granted and that he will soon
be notified accordingly.
The I. W. W.'s and the organizations
affiliated with and sympathetic t3
them have put up a ridiculous fight
against tbe commissioning of the Co
chise county sheriff, and it appar
ently has had some effect Bisbee peo
ple, district people, county people in
fact all citizens of tbe state of Ari
zona hope that effect is but temporary
and that delays are now over. The
army never needed "fu'st class fightin
men" more than they need them right
now, and Captain Wheeler is certain
ly deserving of that classification.
Even his arch enemies admit the ict,
and the government should hesitate
no longer in availing itself of this
remarkable asset. And Captain
Wheeler is something more than an
asset He is a soldier and a gentleman
who would add honor to tbe kbaki and
a good share of glory to "the best
traditions of the service." His lo
to tbe army, if he should be lost to
tbe army, would not only be unfor
tunate; It would border on the na
ture of a national calamity.
FORTY-ONE IS THE
NUMBER OF FRENCH
CHILDREN ADOPTED
Mrs. William H. Brophy announced
yesterday .that the local organization
for the care and adoption of French
war orphans has sent to France $ll:J5,
and that there is $150 now on hand.
The reason this money has not been
sent over is because of the delay in
the arrival of a new adoption list.
The first list has been filled. Mrs.
Brophy also stated that the net profits
derived, from the benefit dance at
Warren park totaled $618.50.
Because of a most favorable rate"
of exchange, the money sent for the
provision of every five children in
reality takes care of six. In addition,
money is paid out monthly, so tUat
which remains In constantly accru
ing interest Taking into considera
tion these facts, the district branch
is providing for 41 orphans, all tod.
Mrs. Brophy says th&t she had
many promises, but that some of the
checks are long overdue. No arrange
ment is made for the care of these
little-French people until the money
is actually In hand, and an appeal is
made to the careless and neglectful
"promisers" to hurry and '"come
across." A still greater and a mere
urgent appeal is made to every one
else to do something in support of this
cause. It's a fine thing to do. and
then again, a good act of this sort is
a splendid bracer for a fatigued con
science! Mackensen Is
Leading Huns
In Great Drive
(Continued From Page One.)
cer told the sequel a half hour later.
"We saw them coming,' he said,
"and our batteries opened. A shell
struck one machine aniidship. The
. U I ...
pilot vainly tried to uisense uuu
o hinwir Ho made a plunge from
the wreck and shot down inside our
lines, while flaming tatters oi me m
,i,io trailed after him. like the smok
ing remnant of a discharged rocket."
You Can Cst
from a new tire.
Are rxolulrW
11
CAPT. HARRISON HAS
GAINED21 POUNDS
Passenger Conductor on Mid
land Valley R. R. Says Tan
lac Overcame Troubles of
Six Years Standing.
"I doctored and took medicine (or
six years and even went to the springs
trying to get rid of my troubles, but
nothing seemed to do me any good
until I took Tanlac. After taking four
bottles of this medicine, I am now a
well man and I have gained twenty
one pounds."
The above remarkable statement
was made a few days ago by Cap. P.
L. Harrison, conductor on the Mid
land Valley railroad, on which be has
had the run from Muskogee to Fort
Smith, Ark., for over twenty years.
Capt Harrison, who lives at 429 Cin
cinnati street, Muskogee, stands high
In the esteem of his company and has
a world of -friends both in Muskogee
and with the traveling public of many
states. In relating his experience wifi
Tanlac, Mr. Harrison said:
"I think Btomach trouble, which
came on me six years ago, was the
beginning of my bad health. All that
time my digestion was so poor I sel
dom cared to eat even enough to keep
me up. As I was not getting enough
to properly nourish myself, I fell off
in weight and got weaker and weaker
and I finally got so 1 felt tired and
worn-out from the time I got out of
bed in the morning until I retired at
night and .the worst of it was that I
was so nervous that I could hardly
sleep after I had gone to bed. You
can just Imagine what a fix like this
would do for a man in the railroad
service, but in spite of ail I could do.
no medicine or treatment seemed to
help me. I finally concluded that I
had better go to the springs, but af
ter staying there a while, I went back
to work, not much better off Uian I
was before. It just looked like there
wasn't anything left for me 1 except
to go ahead and bear it
"Well, I admit I had read a lot
about this Tanlac in the papers, but
I never thought very much about It
until one day I was talking to a friend
of mine who is also a conductor and
he said to me, 'Look here, Harrison
you go right up to Morhart's Phar
macy and get a bottle of Tanlac, I'm
sure it will do you a lot of good, for
I took it myself and it helped me won
derfully.' "I-ordered a bottle of Tanlac and
began taking it. I used four bottles
in all and I dont feel like the same
man. I have improved in every re
spect; I am stronger and more ener
getic, I am no longer nervous. I sleep
like a top, my appetite and digestion
are good and I have gained twenty
one, pound I wouldn't be back like
I was for anything in the world. I
can eat heartily of anything I want
now and it seems to agree with me
perfectly. Just for instance, the other
day my wife had onions on the table
for dinner, and I proceeded to help
myself. My wife looked awful sur
prised and said, 'No, don't you eat
those onions, they always make you
sick.' Well, t went dh and ate them
and lots of other things I never dared
touch before and they seemed to agree
with me perfectly. I certainly do rec
ommend Tanlac heartily and sincere
ly after the great good four bottle.-;
of ft did for me.",
Tanlac is sold in Bisbee by J. M.
Ball, in Douglas by Douglas Drug Co.,
In Paradise by G. A. Walker, in Bowie
Cy Bowie Drug Store, in San Simon by
. B. Cooke, and in Willcox by A. K
Nicholson, and in Lowell by Lowell
Drug Co. '
CARD OF THANKS.
We wish to thank the many friends
and neighbors who so kindly assisted
us during the recent illness and death
of our daughter. Mr. and Mrs. Enos
Snyder. Adv-133
MASQUE PARTY.
j Don': forget Lady Maccatee's ma
i que party tomorrow evening at I. O.
1 O. F. Hall. Benefit Ked Cross Adv-110
REVIEW WANT AOS
BRINQ RESULTS
S.CC-0 to 1C.C39 Mors Mils
mm
out of them by using Gates Half-Sole Tires.
We will put them on for you and change your old tire
into new ones at about one-half the price you . would
have to pay for new tires. -
Your tire come into our plant worn and scarred
from service, and we deliver it back to you the him
tiremade oversize and with a brand-new non-skid
tread of iresh rubber. Not a, square inch of your old
tire will be in sight, and you will not be able to tell it.
m m m m
guarantied lor l.VO ir't ol wear without a
puctnra and many ujt are averamc irorar.i 10 w. n-""-You
oannot art tht kind o guarareel tvk mwi any lire on ih
ir arket wUn.wt paying two or three time Ih tort ol a lows
tUU-Sok T,re. LET US SHOW YOU
ont throw away mother worn tire until you he lnvctitnl
the 'iate Ha!-Soie. H voure paying the t re r'l you will be In
' f i'.-it aid we are -c . Jv tn -h.w y.ni h..w lo kit-r your own
P-!r a big p;rt o the tost o new trt arui gvt bet:r t're atrvK
I .ar you have ever had beiv. V guarantee !t.
LOWELL MOTOR CO.
? THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, OCTOBER 23, 1917.
2?o& Fitzsimmons, Fighter
and Man, Loses Last Fight
iWaii iVeu; Names Among
Eastern Teams Who Are
After Informal Honors
Lauder Stirs Patriotism In New York
y.'if.u. i.-mi u . i.. . J M'w in -i' 1 -J L "I1 '.'P"" 1
; . .w j;SWhfatr'.yft::' i - v...v.--.-v.-...x..nvv-, : J
f x "" - - - Is J
i . ;;j
5 'J ' - ' . ' fcw," ' : I
; I of , tT - ' V f !
. v -;f 3 yr
The war has of a certainty taken J sylvania, whose once great machine is
the world of SDorts and turned it up- i :" Cornell, a, decided failure si!
side down. Never before in the his
tory of football have such complete
reversals come as in the present sea-
Bob Fitzsimmons, Who Died This Week in Chicago, and
Jim Jeffries, Who Defeated Him.
Robert Fitzsimmons. former chani-1 staggering backward several feet and
pion of the world, who died last Mon
day in Chicago of pneumonia, was one
of the most remarkable prizefighters
the world has ever known. Bob got
religion before he died and did a lit
tle evangelistic work, but that has
nothing to do with this story.
He was born in Cornwall, England,
In 1S62, and went to Australia In his
youth, where he worked as a horse
shoer for many years. Finally he drift
ed into the fighting game, and after
besting five men in one night he de
cided to come to America. A friend
paid his passage, for he did not have
a cent. That was back in the early
eighties. His first great fight in this
country with Jack Dempsey. the im
mortal Nonpareil, for the middle
weight title. Fitz won after 12 rounds,
during which he cut the -American,
idol to pieces with his long- left.
A year later he won the light
heavyweight title from Jim Hall, -a
famous Australian fighter who vAs in
his zenith at that time.
evidently hurt him badly.
Fltz lost no time and followed close
ly; sent right to Corbett's face, caus
ing him to totter again. He then put
his left hard on the body and was
hot after his man, but Corbett gave
ground to get away. Corbett came up
strong, however, and put his left hard
on Fitz's body. The latter put in a
bard right on the head. Jim was look
ing tired, his strength was going and
he clinched. After, the breakaway Fitz
put a hard right and left on the jaw,
and the men clinched again, Corbett
fighting Fitz into the southwest cor
ner of the ring. Jim put his left on
the jaw and Fitz sent his right to the
chin with awful force. The blow made
Corbett lean backward, and then"!
turned him partly around. He raised
his guard a trifle, and quick as light
ning Fitz shot his left glove to Cor
bett's body, jus below the heart. The
blow was one that would have shiv
ered a plank, and Corbett's face paled
instantly. His arms fell to his sides.
son; p.nd the major baseball outlook
for 1918 promises to be almost as in
teresting.
"The Old Order."
No longer do Yale and Harvard rule
the pigskin kingdom. The war hasn't
been the single factor to bring this
change about, for the thrones of these
agted monarchs have long been totter
ing; but nevertheless, up to and in-
far; and Hrown. The last named team
is something of a dark horse; but their
I line has been woefully weakened; and
Pollard, fitty per cent of last season's
offensive, strength, can no longer play.
Not one of these four are oT true
championship calibre. '.
The New Order.
Although the season is still young,
Fordhani, Georgia Tech. Dartmouth
and Georgetown looni up as the pro'
able quartette to replace the Colgat
Oornell-Penn-Brown combination. Ford
.ham has1 not proven herself of more
eluding the last season, the Blue ant! than ordinary power in the straight
the Crimson were paid their accus- game, but her backs and ends make
tomed homage. This year, however, deadly use of aerial attack. Georgia
no semblance of their former powerTech, on the otner hand, has a crush
remains. Both have teams, an both i ing machine that seems to delight in
are playing games, but where the smashing its way to victory. Wash
sporting pages of the great eastern j Ington and Lee. which but a year ago
dailies were wont to feature their
scores in days gone by, there appear
running accounts of games .between
colleges which, three seasons ago.
were doing well to have their names
mentioned tn the "additional sport
news." It is Harvard and it is Yale
who now find the stories of the con
tests in which they participate on the
back pages, while the headliners con
tain such streamers as "Dartmouth
Scores a Rousing Victory," "Georgia
Tech Smothers Washington and Lee,"
"Fordham Distances Holy Cross Elev
en Through Speed," and "Georgetown's
Great Team Shows Dash." Dart
mouth! Georgia Tech! Fordham!
Georgetown! Verily, "the old order
changeth."
Good Effect.
There can be no question but that
this will have a salutory effect on
athletics. The smaller schools, hav
ing tasted of fame, are undergoing
a big athletic revival. The larger
schools, draining the bitter cup of
popular neglect, are undergoing ai
athletic reformation. It is an odd,
but a very fine situation. At the New
Haven and the Cambridge institutions
all students are participating in out-
humbled the Navy, was recently bur
ied beneath Georgia's superior game
by the score of 63 to 0.
Dartmouth suddenly climbed Into
prominence by. crushing West Virgin
ia's supposedly invincible representa
tives. The Green, of late, has been
accused of lack of good sportsman
ship. They were beaten last year on
a New England field by Georgetown,
and then refused to schedule the Wash
ingtonians for a 1917 game. This was
unfortunate, as it is quite possible
that such a contest would decide the
eastern. informal championship.
Georgetown's line, on papec, is not
nearly as strong as the line of a year
ago; but it has proved adamant until
the present time. The backfield, how
ever, contains McQuade and Gilroy.
Gilroy, k will be remembered, scored
more points than any other man in
the game a season ago; and he seems
to have retained all of his cunning in
offensive and defensive work. He has
no superior at open field running.
Which?
- Indications ' point to these four
teams and Pittsburgh as the logical
contenders for that informal title. But
it is a bad year for predictions, any
door games; especially on the gridiron. or all of them may receive terrific
There are no longer formidable "stars" : trouncings at Jhe hands of unsung
to obstruct their paths letterward; and elevens before another fortnight, and
James Corbett wartha jcbampionihis eyes closed and he fell forward
in those days, and when Tom Soar-! to the ropes;--catching them with his
key, the 'Frisco sailor, fought Corbett right hand. His face bore a look of
to a standstill in a limited round bout, intense agony, and be was evidently
Centleman Jim would have no more1 suffering the most excruciating pain,
bf him. Fitz took Sharkey on and He tried to rise, but Fitz caught him
gave him a terrible lacing. Then pop- with a right jab on the chin. Corbett
ular oninion forced Corbett to giveiwas not Knocked out In the common
Fitz a fight. Their Carson City fight,
in which Fitz won the championship,
stands as the greatest in all the an
nals of the ring.
Fitz was well in his thirties when
be won the crown and soon fell a
victim to Jeffries. Later, Fitzsim
mons started in to force a return
match. Sharkey had fought. Jeffries
to a 25-round draw, and Fitz turned
in and knocked Sharkey out. Then
he took on Gus Ruhlin, an aspirant
for world title honors, and knocked
him out two weeks later. This won
derful double performance forced Jef
fries to give the old champion a re
turn match. In this fight Fltz chopped
the champion to pieces and would
eoon have finished him. but his hands,
made brittle from constant breaking
.under his own sledgehammer blows,
failed him. His right hand was broken
acceptance of' the word. He was. not
unconscious, but the pain resulting
from the blow under the heart was
so great as to make him careless of
anything else. He tried several times
to rise, but was unable to do so, and
was counted out by the referee.
A Fen Picture
T. T. Williams, a famous sport
writer of that time, wrote as follows
about his impression of Fitz during
the fight:
"I saw a face that will haunt me
until time has defaced it from my
memory. It was a mixture of pathos
and tragedy. There was no savagery
in it, and some intelligence. There
was a leer, and a grin, and a look of
patient suffering and dogged courage.
It was the face of a brave man fight
ing an uphill fight, with lip torn and
bleeding, nostrils plugged with coagu-
against Jeffries' iron head. Fitz putjlated. blood, ears torn and swollen,
his terrible hands down and walked' eyes half closed and blinking in the
in to take his medicine in the form
of- a knockout, game as always to his
heart's core.
Fitz knocked 'em out with either
hand and to the body or the jaw. He
wen the championship with the fa
mous solar plexis punch under the
heart. This ia the greatest blow the
ring has ever known. He knocked
Peter Maher out in one round south
of the Rio Grande one pleasant fall
morning. He knocked Dan Creedon
out at New Orleans In four rounds
after playing with him.
That Fatal Fourteenth
The fourteenth round of his great
fight with Corbett at Carson City
reads as follows:
Round 14.. Up to this round Cor-
sunlight, but every line and muscle
drawn to the angle of suffering, but
withal watchful, intent and set.
Fitzsimmons' face was not cruel nor
passionate. It was clear and intelli
gent, and not for a moment did Bob
lose sight of his man. It was one
face from the time that first blood was
claimed and allowed in the fifth round
till the victory was in hia hands. You
can't compare it with anything, for
there Is no human countenance like
Fitzsimmons' when fighting against
odds."
The Greatest Fighter
"Corbett went into the fight the
best boxer in the world and he came
out the best boxer in the world. Fitz
simmons went Into the battle the best
bett had the better of the fighting.! fighter in the world and he came out
He hit Fitzsimmons whenever ha tlie st fighter in the world." Prof.
pleased, and pretty much where he
pleased. His generalship was far su
perior to that of Fltz, and he got away
and came in again with marvelous
speed. He was tiring rapidly, how
ever, and was far from having the
stamina that Fitz showed. The latter
had been punished fearfully through
out the preceding rounds, but he was
still strong and game to the core. The
round opened with a left swing for
the paw by Corbett. It missed the
mark, but he tried again with better light of courage
success, reaching the jaw eood andivlSaSe It crowned.
Bill Clark, the original Fitzsimmons
man.
The Ruhlin Fight
Martin Green, New York sport
writer, paid the following tribute to
Fitz:
"For nearly six rounds the bald
pate of Bob Fitzsimmons shone like a
lively ball of mercury in the ring at
Madison Square Garden tonight. At
times the shining pate was tinged
with crimson, but at no time was the
missing from the
coaches accustomed to taking charge
of a picked squad of trained artists
may now enjoy the variety of learning
how to develop artists from raw, but
willing material. 1
The "Jump."
It is here that the coaches of the
smaller colleges have the "jump" on
their more aristocratic-brothers. For
years they have been doing their own
with Thanksgiving may come a victor
unheralded and unknown.
Baseball Outlook.
The next baseball season is too far
off to discuss definitely, but it offers
a splendid chance for opcjlaMcn. In
the American leagvey1 'Its Whi'? Sox
will doubtless go o the post with the
same line-up that conquered all :ti the
season just finished. The war '-.as
rtk5fri t tn&v ' S
- wy i . '
,l f " JT 4 ,'t ."-'-.1 ;
il ivV W t " - , 1 ;
if eo? f. s , 'f i I I . j
NEW
Harry
Ilarry Lauder addressing a crowd of 100,000 petois from steps of New York sub-treasury bwis.ii
my boy would not
YORK, Oct. 26 (Special). ; killed in action, although Mr. Lauder
Lauder, the famous Scotch did not refer to that) came home in-
I t-i;,lA I oalrol kim 'U'h-it Vinrl nf
comedian, is st.rring the heart of & g
New York with his patriotic ad-j is wnat he toid nle:
dresses astit has seldom been stirred j .Sjxty of our soldiers were cap
before. In several talks t huge au-itured. They were of the Forty-sec-diences
he has appealed to America, end Highlanders." "
as "Uritain's big brother," to give' The mention of the wonderful
.m.itf fiv in,iiv wfhh.,ld-: fighters fired the audience to an en-
ing nothing to crush Prussianism.
"Prussianism must be crushed," he
declared in an address at the Hipp.
drome. "We must do our duty now,
today, without delay, or we shall fall.
I could give you hundreds of reasons
why Prussianism must be crushed
utterly, as I have been through the
trenches, where I learned much. I
will content myself with two in
stances, and what I tell you I kno:v
to be true.
"My boy (the son who later was
thusiatic demonstration. When finally
it subsided, Mr. Lauder continued:
" 'The Germans made those sixty
' brave men strip stark naked and
stand, at attention all night in the
rain. In the morning an officer
came to them and told them they
i were to return to their own trench
' across No Man's Land. They start
ed, and when half way across Ger
man machine guns opened fire and
killed every last one of them.'
"I know that is true,
declared Mr. I them.'
Lauder, "because
tell me a lie."
Men and women alike wept frankly.
XOne of our men I found in a ho
pltal." the speaker continued. 'Hi
face was half gone. I asked him how
It happened. He told me he had one
over the top with some comrades,
captured a Gerfnan trench, and that
he had picked up a fountain pen in
one of the German dug-outs. A few
hours later he sat down to write a
letter home. When he unscrewed the
rap of the pen it exploded, tearing
away his face.
"These are samples of the things
we. every one of us. must have, a
part In crushing utterly from the
face of the earth. If it were possible
to buy liberty, I should -say buy it
by all means1. But liberty cannot be
bought We must give men and we
must give our money to care for
developing, and circumstances for ; completely disrupted the Red Sox
once have comeNto their aid. Their
teams are now the big teams Rome
has fallen; the Suevi and Alani have
burst into Gaul!
Pitt Still Delivers.
Of the old teams, Pittsburgh alone
seems to hold her own. Starting the
season slowly, as of yore, . Warner'3
huskies seem to be gathering head
way rapidly, and they will doubtless
finish the season with their accus
tomed rush. Why Warner is not uni
versally acclaimed the "master coach"
remains a mystery. For years his
Carlisle team rode roughshod over
their opponents, and his ' Pittsburgh
eleven has been repeating the dose.
the draft taking several regulars, and
enlistments many of the other play
ers.' Jt isn't improbable that Carrigan
will return to themanagement of the
Boston entry. Cleveland and Detroit
have both suffered losses. If Spencer
quits the game, Jennings will have
to find himself another first string
catcher.
Sweeping changes are scheduled for
the Yankees. A persistent rumor
states that Miller Huggins will replace '
Donovan, and that another fortune will '.
be spent in an effort to . give New I
York an American league winner, j
Washington, St Louis and Philadel I
phia must make shifts of a radical'
It Is wor,thy of comment to note that j nature before they can be given any I
since his departure, Carlisle has never
had better than a third-rate organiza
tion; while before his coming, Pitt
was a name' unknown in football cir
cles. Four other elevens of 1916 fame are
worthy of mention: Colgate, which
has been showing well against not
particularly worthy opponents; Penn-
hard. Fitz waa all thqre, however,
and he sent his left to the body with
terrific force. The blow sent Corbett
"And when tbey picked Gus Ruhlin
up from the rosined floor and carried
him off like a slaughtered member of
the porcupine family, the yell of sheer
joy that went up put a grin on the
homely, freckled face that made It
almost radiant.
"Such a battle it was! On the one
side the lean old warrior, hero of a
hundred bloody frays, cool and cal
culating, full of reserve and confi
dence, despite the handicap of years.
On the other hand, the hulky, albeit
clean-limbed youth from Ohio, whose
rise has been rapid, who had the ad
vantage of youth and bulk,. The dis
proportion In the size of the men was
marked.
"Ruhlin was nervous and gazed
charily at his bald-headed antagonist.
Everything looked like Ruhlin in the
first round. Amid a stillness that was!
almost fearsome the young man smote
the old man as he pleased, it seemed.
Over the eye of the old a place form
ed from which blood spurted. Tho
old eyes seemed wrong, the old head
seemed to have lost it cunning. On
every hand it was said: 'He's too
heavy for Fitz.'
"But in the second round the tide
changed; the old eyes got right and
cunning was again enthroned in the
old brain. Every art known to the
ring, every trick of hand and foot he
exhibited. Slowly but surely the man
with the handicap of years beat down
the advantage of his opponent's youth.
and when the end came it was a vic
tory in which every force that a
fighter should possess was brought
into play.
Fitz's Great Triumph
"No fighter ever lived who received
such an ovation as the bald-headed
old gladiator was accorded when his
man went down. It was a just trib
ute to him, too."
consideration whatsoever.
In the National.
The Giants will "add "several young
sters to their 1918 roster and drop
several oldsters, but the machine
which cracked so badly In the world
series will enter the next race virtu
ally unchanged. The Phillies, the Car
dinals and Matthewson's Cincinnati
Reds will all make a bid for honors;
as weak spots are being strengthened.
The Reds appear particularly danger
ous, and they will be equal favorites
'with the Giants in the spring.
A Big Year
'All In all. it is a great period for
sports. Like two "free-for-all" bat
tles in the ring, football and baseball
are full of unforseen happenings; and
the very Inconsistency of both at the
present time leads athletics a flavor
and a color that makes the appeal of
the world of sport universal.
SUITS
MADE
T(l
ORDER
moo
PIl?To$20
Remember, these suits
are made from genuine
$25 materials.
Every thread guaran
teed Strictly All Wool
with a satisfactory fit or
your money back.
WE 'MAKE A SPECIALTY OF
LADIES' ALTERATIONS.
D. H. Evans
BREWERY GULCH
Opposite Uncle Jim's
FREE TO
ASTHMA SUFFERERS
"LES MISERABLE?'
AT CENTRAL TODAY
"Les
TheCentral will sMiw Pathe's
Miserabies" today.
"Victor Hugo was a Frenchman, his
story about France and Kreuch people.
The Pathe production, made in France,
with the best known actor, leading wo
man and child actress of France, can
be considered almost an Ideal Interpre
Uition of Hugo's story. It is doubtful
if tho results it sh'jws could be achiev-.
ed In this countrjr." says one well
known critic.
"The story or Jean Valjean Is one:
which is universal, because it has to j
the utmost degree that very necessary
! element, human interest. It is, there
fore, a story which appeals to every
nationalitv. but It seems that the finer
touches, the little things that count
In a big motion picture production, can
be supplied 'only by such presentation
as Pathe has given it," says another.
Ramon Martinez, the new leader of
the Central Orchestra, will be In
chary? of the music. .
II
A New Home Cure That Anyone Can
Use Without Discomfort or Loss 1
of Time.
We have a new method that cures i
Asthma, and we want you to try it at
our expense. No matter whether your ,
case is of long standing or recent de
velopment whether it is present as
occasional or chronic asthma, you
should send for a free trial of tur
method. No matter In what' climate
you live, no matter what your age or
occupation, if you are troubled with :
asthma, our method should relieve you .
promptly. i
We especially want to send it to .
those apparently hopeless cases, I
where all forms of inhalers, douches, 1
opium preparations, fumes, "patent .
smokes." etc., have failed. We want
to show everyone at our own expense, ,
that this new method Is designed to ,
end all difficult breathing, all wheez-1
ing, and all those terrible paroxysms,!
at once for all time. j
This free offer Is too important to !
neglect a single day. Write now and
then begin the method at once. Send
no money. Simply mail coupon below.
Do It Today. 1
FREE ASTHMA COUPON
FRONTIER ASTHMA CO..
Room S67S. Niagara and Hudson
Sts., Buffalo, N. Y.
Send free trial of your method
to:
I
T IT
FUNNY
Some people rave about the price of shoes
being so high.
Yet these same people throw their shoes
into the discard as soon as the soles get
thin. With a small expenditure they could
have shoes practically good as new.
THINK THIS OVER MAYBE YOU
HAVE HAD THIS SAME HABIT.
Take a look and see if you haven't some
shoes that can be repaired. This is savin?
just the same as putting your money in
the bank.
Now for our part we have a full line of
factory repair equipment and we guar
antee to do good work.
BRING 'EM IN
GOODYEAR
SHOE SHOP
(While You Wait)
Plione 818. Back of Y.W.G.A. Allen Block
i
j
REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS 1 v
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, OCTOBER 28, 1917.
SEVEN
1
r
Review Want Ads
Advertisement under this bead at the rata of 1 cent per word (or each
lane, with a minimum charge of S6 cent. Advertisement must reach Th
Review of floe not UUr Utam S f m. far Insertion In the next morning paper
Malt Help Wanted
LEARN actual attic repairing, book
keeping, shorthand, radio, engineer
ing. Y. M. C A, Los Angeles, cat
aloe free. -
HELP WANTED Applications tor
"Review" routes asked lor rrom
WIDE AWAKE boys between 13 and
16 rears old. m
WANTED Experienced platen press
man or. feeder at Review Job De
partment, dh
Female Help Wanted
WANTED First class waitress,
French Kitchen. 97
Wanted
WANTED Typewriting to do at home
of evenings. Box 1370, Bisbee Ar
izona. 760
WANTED Telegraphers, stenograph
ers, bookkeepers; students earn
board, room tuition. Mackay Busi
ness College, Los Angel. 7M
WANTED I desire malachite and azu
rite In quantity. Those mining or
having same address Albert Everitt,
Escondido, California. 79
Positions Wanted
WANTED Position as short order
(Sok, good ; worker. Experienced.
- Phone 54. 77
WANTED Position by woman as
short order cook, good worker. Ex
perienced. Phone 54. , 77
WANTED Work of any kind by
- competent woman. No objection to
leaving town. Call at Victor house.
Brewery Gulch. 114
For Sale
FOR SALE A bargain in Bakerville,
4 room house, 2 screen porches, ga-
rage and large lot. J300. Balance
like rent. 2 room bouse in Johnson
addition, nicely furnished, S400.
Winters and Borrego, Phone 491, Lb
well.. . 69
FOR SALE Cheap for cash, 1916 Sev
en passenger Studebaker 8ix. Write
W. B. Care Review. '53
FOR SALE or rent. Gypsum Block
bouse. Store in it 16x28, 4 living
rooms and 8x28 screen porch. Call
and see Black Knob View, Warren,
Goo.. N. Kasun, Pitop. 51
FOR SALE Letson hotel, always full;
a Bargain If taken at once. Tele
phone 559. 135
FOR SALE Good wood stove. 16. 20S
Naco road, 2nd bouse below Cus
toms House. 132
FOR SALE: Dining table and six
chairs,. 2 kitchen chairs, gas stove,
almost new, dishes and kitchen
utensils. Call room 14 Cole build
ing. Warren. , 130
FOR 'SALE 6. room modern house,
furnished or unfurnished, large lev
el lot. 123 Quarry Canyon. Ill
FOR SALE One 1916 Ford automobile
five passenger, good tires and equip
ment Must be sold at once. F.
M. Bivin, 41 J. E. T. street, Johnson
addition, Lowell. 105
FOR SALE Old papers at Review
office. 25c bundle 100 papers.
THE LOWELL MOTOR CO.. will
bold another free sale, of used cars,
November 5 and 6. List your can
as soon as possible. No charge, no
commission, good . mechanics in at
tendance. i4r
M. C. HIGH
ALLEN BLOCK
Real Estate and Insurance
Now is the time to buy
See me for Bargains.
Agent for reliable Insur
ance Companies.
PETTY DINK Well, That Made it Easier.
r
M SORRY
M TRieu To
. Tte.- Her fine's.
Discharged Sirr.
3H6 T)rrt .i ,'-r
For Sale.
FOR SALE Twelve stool lunch coun
ter. A nrtmey maker. Owner mustJ
seek lower altitude. Inquire at
striped tent LowelL 701
FOR SALE One 3 V ton auto dump
truck with power hoist body capac
ity 4 cu. yards. Box 3012, Lowell 23
FOR SALE 3 three-quarter beds
springs, mattress, quilt, pillow, each;
Extras cheap. Behind lumber yard,
Brewery ave. 100
FRESH, RIPE TOMATOES, for can
ning, 5c per pound, at my ranch neai
Naco. Will deliver If quantity Is
ordered. Chase L. Purdy. 300
Furnished Rooms
FOR RENT 2 furnished room for
light housekeeping; light, water and
gas. 163 Opera Drive. 86!)
FOR RENT Furnished room, $6 pel
month. Doyle House. 601
GOLDEN HOTEL Outside windowf
and running water in all rooms.
Rates reasonable, by the day, wee)
tr month. 588
M0O63 HOTEL Furnished rooms
1 2.00 per week and np. 405
PT1R BFNT Room for tvo gentlemen.
with board, 58 Castle HilL 870 !
FOR RENT On furnished room fori
rent. In Warren. Phone Mrs. E. B.
Moore No. 437. 922!
FOR RENT Sleeping room, suitable
for one or tw men, 49 O. K. street.
992;
FOR RENT 2 furnished rooms for!
housekeeping, 176 Naco road, Hoi
brook stop. 7S i
FOR RENT Batching or housekeep j
ing apartments, light and watei
paid, call Black 780. 31C O. K. St
9t
FOR RENT 3 furnished rojms, V
Laundry Hill. Mrs. V. J. Shearer. 96
FOR RENT Nice furnished rooms foi
men or women, also light housekeep
ing rooms. Call 59B O. K street Bis
bee, Arizona. 101 1
1 , . ' i
FOR RENT A clean front room suit
able for two. Twin beds. Close tr
old Catholic church. 137 School Hill.
102
FOR RENT A clean front room, suit .
able for two. Twin beds. Acrosr j
from Y. 101 Opera Drive. 10? !
FOR RENT Furnished room, 2 beds.
.4 Quality HilL . 104
FOR RENT Furnished rooms at 61
Welch avenue, back of Brewery
Gulch lumber yard. 136
FOR RENT Rooms for batching, Mrs.
Lewis, around Castle Rock, 31 Tomb
stone Canyon. 117
FOR RENT Rooms for rent close in
Call after T. ' 6 Quality Hill, Phone
593. Mrs. MftchelL 118
FOR RENT Room for one or two
gentlemen, bath room adjoining;
private family. 125 Quarry Canyon.
Call all day Sunday or evenings. 139
FOR RENT Large furnished sleeping
batching, housekeeping rooms and
apartments. Custom House, phone
Green 696. 140
Agents
AGENTS $125 weekly. Something j
new. Saves up to 50 per cent oi j
gasoline. Nearly every out owner
will buy. Greatest seller on earth.
Sold on money back guarantee.
Particulars free. Stransky Mfg. Co.,
PukWara, South Dakota. 113
I'VE a new line of soap, extracts, toi
. let goods, perfumes, etc.. for agents.
100 per cent profit. Sample free.
Write quick. Lacassian Co., Dept
64, St. Louis. Mo. - 109
40 ACRE FARMS FREE. 231 good
Minnesota farms will be given In ex
change for a little work; men or wo
men. Address Box 27. Y. F.. Girard
Kansas.
106 !
IP EwSLI1u'
uout KWOV
-fOW VjE'tt J
feVER GET
iV OP HER. )
Coast Results
At Los Angeles: R H E
Portland 8 11 1
Los Angeles 6 8 2
Houck, James, Gardner and Bald
win; Crandall, Seaton and Ltleg.
At San Francisco: R H E
San Francisco 6 11 4
Oakland, 4 8 2
Baum, Kallio, Johnson and Baker;
Gcodbred, Prough and Mitze.
At Salt Lake: R H E
Vernon 10 13 1
Salt Lake 10 19 3
Fronime and Casey; Davis and By-ler.
Croup.
If your children are subject to croup
get a bottle of Chamberlain's Cough
Remedy, and when the attack comes
on be careful to follow the plain print
ed directions You will be surprised
at the quick relief which it affords.
Avertiscment.
Miscellaneous
EXPERT paper hanger and painter. C.
J. Brandt. Phone 456, Box 150. 579
WE do general house cleaning, solder
in? plumbii'g repairing pictures ajl
painting Phone 742, Gimenes,
Reasonable prices. 52
LADIES Bring material, learn to cut
and make your own fail suits and
gowns. Thorough Instructions giv
en by Miss Grant, room 4 Maze
Building.
BUY AMALGAMATED OIL. lc share
100 per cent dividends In 90 days
possible. Flowing wells now. Big
properties. Success won." Rush or
der. $10 buys 1,000 shares. Reler
ences furnished. Write for particu
lars. Amalgamated Oil. 1126 Col
cord Bldg., Oklahoma, Okla. 101
THE LOWELL MOTOR CO. has some
thing' different Mechanics that
turn out your automobile when prom
ised, and repaired right 111
WE do general house cleaning, solder
ing, plumbing, repairing furniture,
stoves and painting. Phone 742. Gim
enes. Reasonable prices. 51
PROFESSIONAL LAROS
VIOLIN and Steel Guitar. If you wish
lessons on the above or any other In
, struments leave your name and ad
dress at btnc office Royal theatre
Raymond Martini, leader Royal Or
chestra. 70t
PAT CLEARY, painter. Membei
Builders' Exchange. Box 1495. 34'.
Salesmen
SALESMEN $6 commission per ordei
and repeals. Best premium assort
ments on earih for men making
small towns and crossroad stores
Grove Mfg. Co., 2562 Cottage Grove
Chicago. 107
LOST
LOST One collie puppy, answers tt
the name of Buster. Reward. E. C
Beyer, Phone 594. 9'
LOST Broach In main part of town
Liberal reward. Phone 165". 13-
LOST One 32 calibre Savage a'ltc
matic pistol between Bisbee and the
Lquitiana-Arizona Copper Mines. Re
turn to R. A. Clampitt at Post oUlct
and receive reward. IK
FOUND ;
FOUND Bunch of keys owner ma;
have same by paying for this ad. IS1
FOUND Shot gun. Owner may hav
! same by identifying, and paying foi
ad. H. N. Smith. 49 O. K. St. 43
Money To Loan.
$50,000 to loan on improved city prop
erty or tor building, on easy termi
of payment T. A. Hughes, ove
Rank of Bisbee. 69-
SMALL quick loans on your personal
note to salaried men and women, al
so on furniture. "Cox Lona Co. Roonr
2, Lyric Theatre building. 16)
For Rent
FOR RENT 2 room house furnished
105 Upper Lowell. 72
FOR RENT 2 room house unfurntsh
ed, 46 ft veranda, 102 Upper Lowell
72
. .
TVe: omly nav out s ,
To LlARWi To SA ' OU BE, I rf?s2r,$
( Fired" iu pimmish J 71
' . AW Mcre it j M
Football Results
(Ey Review Leased Wire.)
At Colorado Springs Colorado Col
lege, 21; University of Utah, 0.
At Princeton, N. J. Princeton fresh
men, 12 Exeter, 0.
At New Haven, Conn. Yale fresh
men, 7; Pennsylvania freshmen, 7.
At Iawrence, Kas. Kansas, 7;
Ames, 0.
At Cambridge. Mass. Harvard
freshmen, 53; Worcester Academy, 7.
At Lewiston, Me. isowdoln. 13;
Bates, 0.
At New York Williams, 9; Colum
bia. 6.
At Austin. Tex. Rice, 13; Texas, 0
At Providence. R. I. Brown, 7; Col
gate ,6.
At Milwaukee. Wis. Marquette
University, 28; Haskell Indians. 0.
At St. Louis, Mo. Depauw, 14; St
Louis, 0.
At East Lansing, Mich. Universit;
of Detroit, 14; Michigan Aggies, 0.
At Beaver Falls, Pa. Geneva, 0
Washington and Jefferson. 33.
At Orono, Me. Maine, 0; Colby. 0
At- Columbia. Mo. Missouri. 49
Drake. 0.
At Denver Colorado School o'
Mines, 58; South Dakota School o!
Mines, 6.
At Lexington, Va. Washington am
Lee. 28; North Carolina Aggies, 7.
At Eugene, Ore. University of Ore
pon, 14; University of Idaho. 0.
At Pullman, Wash. 'Washingtor
State College, 19; Whitman College, 0
At Berkeley, Cal. University o
California. 14; Oregon Aggies. 3.
At Notre Dame Notre Dame, 40
South Dakota. 0.
At Fort Collins Colorado Aggies
10; Denver University, 6.
At Philadelphia University o'
Pittsburg, 14; University of Pennslva
nia, 6.
At Columbus Ohio State Universi
ty, 67; Denison University, 0.
At New Haven Yale, 7; Universit;
of Pennsylvania freshmen, 7.
At Chicago Northwestern, 7; Ch:
cago, 0.
At West Point The Army, 21; Vi1
la Nova, '7.
At Clinton. N. Y. Hamilton, 14
Rochester. 0.
At Worcester, Mass. Holy Cross
13; Rhode Island State, 0.
At Amherst, Mass. Amherst, 14
Wesleyan, 9.
At Morgantown, ' W. Va. West Vir
ginia. 60; Gettysburg. 0.
At Troy, N. Y. Renssaeler, 27; St
Lawrence, 0.
At Hoboken. N. J. Stevens, 20
Middlebury. 6.
At Pittsburg Carnegie Tech, 0; AI
legheby. 0.
At New York Rutgers. 28; Ford
ham. 0. New York University. 0:
Union. 0. . i
At Springfield Springfield, 28
Worcester Tech, 0.
At Ayer The Depot Brigade, 0:
Harvard Informal Eleven, 0.
At South Bend Notre Dame, 40:
South Dakota. 0. 1
At Champaign, 111. Purdue, 0; Illi
nois. 27.
At Madison,' Wis. Wisconsin, 20;
University of Iowa. 0.
At Ann Arbor, Mich. Michigan, 20:
Vebraska, 0.
At Syracuse, N. Y. Syracuse Uni
versity. 58; Tufts, 0.
At Columbia University of Mis
souri.49; Drake University. 0.
GOVERNOR ISSUES .
A PLEA AND ALSO
A PROCLAMATION
Over the signature or Governor
Campbell and Timothy A. Riordan, the
United States Food Administrator for
the state of Arizona, a plea to the
louseholders of the state has been is
sued to substitute foods for wheat,
meats, fats, and sugar, so that these
nay be released for shipment to our
allies. Frugality is forcefully urged.
Sunday School Day.
The governor has alos Issued a proc
lamation setting apart November 1th
as "Go To Church Sunday," and he im-V-jres
all persons to attend either
church or Sunday school on that day.
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS.
LEGAL NOTICES
NOTICE TO CREDITORS.
In the superior court, In the county of
Cochise, state of Arizona:
Estate Of Mary A. Engasser, deceas
ed. Notice Is hereby give by the un
dersigned, administrator of the estate
of Mary A. Engasser. deceased, to the j
creditors of and all persons having!
claims agrhst the said deceased, to ex
hibit them, with the necessary vouch
ers within four months after the first
publication of this notice to the said
ldministrator at the law offices of Sam
T T - 1 T" ! .. I. A M.nn a Vl A DamA Yl& 1
Ing the place for the transaction of the
business of said estate, in said county
of Cochise.
PHILLIP ENGASSER,
Administrator of the estate of Mary A. j
Engasser, deceased.
Dated Bisbee. Arizona, this 13 th day
-f October. 1917.
First Publication, October 21, 1917.
Adv-912.
t NOTICE TO CREDITORS.
In the superior court. In the county oi
Cochise, state of Arizona:
Estate of Archie Dozoys, deceased.!
Notice is hereby given by the under
lined, executor of the last will and
testament of Archie Dozoys, deceased i
x the creditors of and all persons hav (
ing claims against the said deceased, !
o exhibit them, with the necessarj j
ouchers within rour montns alter we
3rst publication of this notice to the
.aid executor at the law offices of J. D.
Taylor, Bisbee, Arizona, the same be
ing the place for the transaction of the
business of said estate, in said count
tt Cochise.
WILLIAM T. WILLIAMS.
Executor of the last will and testament
of Archie Dozoys.
Dated Bisbee. Arizona, this 13 th da
if October, 1917.
"rst Publication, October 21. 1917.
NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING.
The anu ial meeting of the stock
tolders of thi El Paso & Southwesterr
tailroad Company, for the electron oi
'lrectors to serve for the ensuing year
tnd for the transaction ot such othei
business as may be properly brouh'
efore the meeting, will be held at the
ffice of the company in Bisbee, Co
".hise county, Arizona, on Monday, No
ember 12, 1917, ftt 12 o'clock noon.
GEORGE NOTMAN,
Secretary.
Adv 73:
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR
UIITED STATES PATENT
Mineral Survey No. 3279.. Serial No
016119. United States Land Office
Phoenix, Arizona, August 31, 1917.
Notice is hereby given that Alfret
aul, whose postofffce address 1:
ouglas, Arizona, has made applies
ion for patent for tl-e following narnef
ode mining claim, situate in the Wat
en Mining District, Cochise County
Vrizona:
"Don Miguel No. 7"
Beginning at Corner No. 1 the South
east Corner, whence th Corner to Bee
. ions 25 and 36, Township 23 South
tange 24 East and Sections 30 and 31
Township 23 South, Range 25 East G
ft S. R. B. & M. bears South 77 12
West 443.9 feet; thence North 76 05
West 807.80 feet along line 1-2 Surve)
Mo. 1958 Puzzle lode to Corner NT). :
ihe Southwest Corner; thence Nortl
i 43' 30" West 599.30 feet along linet
1-6 and 2-3 of survey No. 1958 Pled
Ticnt and Puzzle lodes, respectively
"so Corner No. 3; thence North 58 52
ft'est 385.80 feet to Corner No. 4.
thence South 76 41' East 341.20 fee
tlong line 4-5, Survey No. 1958 Puzzh
'.ode to Corner No. 5; thence South 78'
5' East 403.90 feet along line 5-6 Sui
vey No. 1958, Puzzle lode to Corner No
6 the Northeast Corner; thence Stmt;
28 20' East 926.30 feet to Corner No
I the place ot beginning; contain in;
a total arear of 10.079 acres. The pre
sumed course of the vein on this claln
Is from the North end center Soutl
28 20' 926.3 feet
The location nrjtlce of said claim li
recorded In the office ot the Coucij
Recorder of Cochise County, Arizona
as follows:
"Don Miguel No. 7" Book 64 Rect?n
of Mines page 409.
The names of the adjoining claim,
are: On the North "Best of All" lede.
i
, on the South. "Bisbee Queen" lode: oi
on the East "Arizona" and "Mont,
j Carlo" lodes; on the West "Piedmont
I lode.
j J. L. IRVIN, Reenter.
! First Pub. Sept. 2, 1917.
Last Pub. Nov. 10. 1917.
4 ka. go " ,Xve SPEnT j
t?iMT UP V Att- DA
To hek Vio SAV JNJHc: To cetj'
r LAMGOACE-'XOMIT- ) JS-ZJ M 1
V. -ZMDANV.'.' " f'L.
j 7
Lodge
BIS3EE LODGE, NO. 718.
leeta every Friday night. Moose HalL
lsiting brothers cordially invited.
V. R. TONKIN. Dictator.
KAY ROSS. Secretary.
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED AMERI
CAN MECHANICS.
Meets la Medlgovid
Hall, second and fourth
Tuesdays each month
Visiting brothers we!
coma.
F. D. LANE, Councillor.
J. L. BENTON, Recording Secretary
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OR AMERICA.
DREADNOUGHT.
L. O. L. NO. 210.
Meets In L O
O. F. Hall first
and third
MONDAY
at 7:30 p. m
Visiting broth
aM tv4taTl
VtiC L invited to at
VTQ" tend.
GEO. SLEEMAN. W. M.
ROBERT FERGUS. Secretary
. P. O. Box 426, Bisbee.
FRATERNAL ORDER EAGLES.
Bisbee Aerie, No. 175, F. O. E, meet
first and third MONDAYS. 8. p. to.
Eagles . Hall. Visiters cordially wet
ome.
RICHARD DAVIS. President .
C. L. EDMONSON. Aerie Physician.
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS
Rathbone Lodge No. 10,
Knights of Pythias
meets each Thursday
(except second) in Odd
Fellows' Hall at 7:30
p. m. Visiting brothers
cordially Invited.
FRANK BRUNING, C. C.
J. C. KRIGBAUM, K. of R. S.
LEGAL NOTICES
01399-026606
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the Interior. V. 5. Land
Office at Phoenix, Arizona, October
6, 1917.
Notice is hereby given that Casimir
G. Williams of Ft Huachuca. Arizona,
A-ho, on February 24, 1913, made home
stead entry. No. 021399, for Nl-2. NE1-4
N'l-2 NW1-4, Sec. 34 and -Add! H. E
126606. for Sl-2 SE1-4, Sl-2 SW1-4. Sec.
17, township 22S, range 21E, G. & S. R.
3. & meridian, has filed notice of inten
tion to make three year prctof. to es
ablish claim to the land above de
jcrlbed. before J. D. Taylor. U. S. Com-
j Jiissloner, at Bisbee, Arizona, on the
1st day oi November 1917.
Claimant names as witnesses:
I Chester A. Nelson. William A. Lytle.
7arl Carlson. Gerrit Whitefoot, all of
tlereford, Arizona.
J. L. IRVIN,
Register.
First Publication. October 16, 1917
Last Publication, November 20, 1917.
024529.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department bf the Interior, U. S. Land
Office at Phoenix, Arizona, October
6. 1917.
Notice is hereby given that Julius
1 E. Ilaase, of Hereford, Arizona, who.
on March 4. 1914, made homestead en
j try, No. 024529 for SE1-4 Section 19,
! Township 23S, Range 22E., G. & S. R.
; B. A Meridian, has filed notice of in
i tention to make three year proof, t'o es
i tabltsh claim to the land above de-
scribed, before J. D. Taylor, U. S. Com
: missioner, at Bisbee, Arizona, on the
; 20ih day ot November, 1917.
i Claimant, names as witnesses:
! ' Herman ilaase, Samuel C. Giles,
Leslie Wilcox, Frank C. Cob be, all of
Hereford, Arizona.
J. L. IRVIN.
Register.
First Publication. October 16. 1917
Last Publication, November 21. 1917.
!
s AV Ho
3 L1KA PLAC. Lif
-
Notices
WEEK ENDING. NOV. 3. 1917.
Monday.
Tuesday
Wednesday-
Thursday, Blue Reg.
N. C. BLEDSOE. W. M.
a T. WATKINS, Secy. F. Hi
A. M. COLWELL, E. H. P.
C. F. PHILBROOK, I.LIi.
J. E. FRY. E C.
F S. DAVENPORT, Secretary Charter
and Commandery.
W. R. BANKS. Secretary Councfl.
T. F. B.
FRATERNAL
BROTHERHOOD
wm
Bisbee Lodge No.
452 meets th 1st
W and 3rd Mondays
of each month at
7:30 at Medlgo
vich HaU. Visit
ing members cordially Invited.
PHIL. DAVIS, President
M.tS. a E. F1NOTTL Treasurer.
Box 722. Tel. 236. Red.
CATHERINE SALHOLM, Secretary.
I 4
j . . LODGE NO. en.
Regular meeting first and third KrV
i day of each month. . Visiting brother
coniaiiy Jnvitsa to attend.
R E WARNER, Exalted Ruler.
S. A. KELLY, Secretary.
- I PYTHIAN SISTERS.
Lily Temple. No. Sjnevts every 2nd
ana 4th Thumdav nmiinv nff e.rli
month at -Odd Fellows' Halt Visiting
sisters are coraiaiiy invited.
ANNA HART, M. E. C
JEANET SWEENEY. M. of R. C
WOODMEN CIRCLE.
Meets m Medigovich Hall 2nd and
HATTIE A LUKE, Guardian.
PAULINE - F. BttOWN, Clerk.
: P. O. Box 62L
KNIGHTS AND LADIES OF SECUR
ITY, BISBEE COUNCIL NO. 2115
Meets every 'Second and Fourth Sat
urdays in ' the mtinth at L O. 0. F.
hall, 7:30 p. m. Visiting members ere
cordially invited.
ARNOLD SCHMID, Psident P. O.
Box' 3483. Low ell, Arts.
FREDERICK J. ATTAWAT,
. ' Secretary, LcwelL
E. LINDQUIST,
Financial Secretary, P. O. Box 3216,
LowfIL -
! BISBEE LODGE, No. 10, I. O. O. F.
Meets e v e r
WEDNESDAY
evening at Odd
Fellows HalL
Main street at 7:00 p. m, VialCng
brother cordially invited to attend,
Hall phone 111.
GEO. MUNSEY. N. G.
C. D. KIRBT, Secretary.
IMPROVED ORDER RED MEN.
Meets Crst and tnlrd
Thursdays at 7:30 p. m.
in Medigovich HalL All
visiting Red Mn Invited
to attena.
Wm. DELB RIDGE, Sachem.
W. D. COHEN, Medicine Man.
F. C FENDERSON. C of H.
MODERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA
Bisbei, Camp No. 13415.
Meet first Tuesday a
Odd Fellows HalL
R. L MOTZ. ConrU.
H. F MATHEWSON.
Clerk.
ORDER OF EASTERN STAR.
meets In Masonic Hal
' Frl Chapter. No. , meet
vf n in Masonic Hall second and
month at 7:30 p. m.
MRS. ANNA C. RICHARDS. W. M.
Phone 230. P. O. Box 841. Bisbee.
MRS JESSE BEVAN, Sac y. P. O. Box
2299, Chairman Relief Com. Phone 16L
WOODMEN OK THE WO-LD.
Lowell Camp No. 46 win
' at 7:30. Bropr-y HalL
H. C. LANDAU. C. C.
O. B. THOMAS. Clerk.
All Woodmen Invited.
vBr c a. voigki
1 iZS
4
1 THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, OCTOBER 28, 1917.
Ir
I
E
L -E T-H-E -A - T-R -E
The House of
COMFOKT
CONTINUOUS
From 1 to 1 1
ANNOUNCING ITS SECOND ARTCRAFT STELLAR ATTRACTION
THE BIG BRIGHT STAR OF THE FILM FIRMAMENT
EIGHT
A
u mm
AGAIN,
s
WITH THE SMILE THAT HAS MADE A NATION LAUGH MUSIC BY GRIBBLE'S CONCERT ORCHESTRA.
ADMISSION MATINESS, 15c NIGHTS, CHILDREN 15c, ADULTS 25c
ADMISSION MATINESS, 15c NIGHTS, CHILDREN 15c, ADULTS 25c
ORPHEUM
TREAT
CONTINUOUS From 1 to 11
CONTINUOUS From 1 to 11
A GOOD BAD MAN
Dick Durand, outlaw, for whom a reward is offered, shows a big heart and noble
character in those old days of the "wild and woolly" west.
x Presents Dustin Farnum
Win Fo
J r .1 Ffe J JJl
iraeo or ine oaa ratios
A FOX SPECIAL PRODUCTION IN SIX ACTS.
ADMISSION 10c and 15c
ADMISSION 10c and 15c
The
LYRIC
Beautiful
Continuous From 1 To 10 P. M.
PROGRAM CHANGED DAILY
ETHEL CLAYTON
IN
"SOULS ADRIFT."
GEORGE OVEY
IN
"Jerry Tries Again."
COMEDY
ADMISSION
Reserved Seats 20c
Lower Floor 10c
Balcony 6c
MONDAY
THE
WAR
ALICE BRADY
IN
"TANGLED FATES"
And a Good
MUTUAL COMEDY.
MONDAY
OCTOBER 29TH.
ORPHE
U
M
TH
EAT RE
TUESDAY
OCTOBER 30TH
CLUNE'S CINEMA PRODUCTION OF HAROLD BELL WRIGHT'S
"THE EYE
OF
71
HE WORLD"
The most popular love and adventure story of. the times translated into nine splendid acts of motion pictures.
Matinee 1 p. m. Nights 8 p.m. Special Orchestra. Prices Matinee and Night, All Seats 25. Cents
. ii IP 1 I I)) Ml I IWW W
.. T ... i -ji , . UMn
0
(1
V
EAD
What These
Critics Say:
"The crowded house at
' Orchestra Hall, the line
reaching out on the avenue
from the box office, Is rec
ommendation enough for
"Les Miserables." Kitty
Kelly in Chicago Exami
ner. "Infinitely better than
most present day pic
tures." Louella Parsons '
in Chicago Herald.
"This picture Is a mar
vel, marvelously played.
Mae Tinee In Chicago Tribune.
CENTRAL
THE
ATRE
TODAY Matinee Starting at 1 o'Clock, Continuous to 11 o'Clock TODAY
Victor Hugo's Famous
Masterpiece in 8 Great Acts
IT It?
ILLa
MISERABLES
Fourteen thousand pairs of eyes saw this master
piece every day for twenty-one days when it was
presented in Chicago.
They were wild with excitement, wet with tears,
merry with laughter fcs the thrilling, pathetic and
humorous adventures of the most famous hero of
literature unfolded before them.
The names' of Victor Hugo, Pathe and Capellani
guarantee the class of "Les Miserables."
Whether you have read this famous book or not,
you will pronounce this to be the most pleasing,
interesting, entertaining two hours you have ever
spent.
SPECIAL MUSIC BY NEW CENTRAL ORCHESTRA, UNDER LEADERSHIP OF RAYMOND
MARTINI, RECENTLY OF ROYAL THEATER.
Admission Children 15. Cents, Adults 25 Cents
COMING TOMORROW
DOUGLAS .
FAIRBANKS 111
IN AGAIN, OUT AGAIN
;7 '-. IK "' '! j-ipmiui. , fi'jl'.""mntf 4 mini 1 JH. n 1, . iiii I py BrWrH'l?-T'"ti' B'H F.! .! W Wr' - ,V"m 1 J " y" "V'- T"
I
B0YAL
THEATER
SPECIAL TODAY ONLY
"THE FRIENDSHIP
OF BAUPERE"
A thrilling sensational story of the
great northwest territory.
"THE BORROWED
ENGINE"
An exciting railroad story wlili
Helen Gibson at her best.
An Episode of
"A DAUGHTER
OF DARING"
"HAM AND BUD"
IN"
"THE DEADLY
DOUGHNUT"
A slapstick comedy with a laugh
every second.
"MUCH OBLIGED" 4
Elack Cat feature in two acts.
COMING- TOMORROW.
"CHRIS AND THE
WONDERFUL LAMP"
"LUCK OF ROAR
ING CAMP"
"HE COULDN'T GET UP
IN THE MORNING"
AND
"CAPTAINS OF
TOMORROW"
PRICES ALWAYS THE SAME
10c and 15c.
Are you planning to take the Re
view? Subscribe NOW. Read the list
of boys who are working for the Re
view cash prize, given for the great
est number of new subscriptions.
It will pay yon to cave us check the
electrical system on yr or car. . Lob
man Wright. LowelL Adv.-360
ORIGINAL BISBEE-TOMBSTONE
Stage Line.
The original Tombstone stage leaves
dally at 7 a. IX and 1:30 p. m. from
Cochise Motor Co., Phone 444. Leaves
punctually on time daily. Night tele
phone. Green 368. 975
(Advertisement;
When your tooth aches, see a den
' tisL When your battery is ailing, see
I battery experts. Willard Service Sta
; Hon. Lowell. Adv.-360
j HALLOWE'EN DANCE
i The B. P. O. E on Hallowe'en, will
' give a dance to members ano friends,
!by invitation.
Entertainment Committee.
I Adv-73
THE PiE SHOP.
Across the street from the Masonic
temple, upper Main street. Try our
delicious cooked fcods to take home
with you. Orders taken for cakes
and pies, the kind that melt in your
mouth. Luncheon service from 11:20
to 6. Adv-729
The LaCorona Corset made to meas
ure, non-rusting steels, self adjusting
back sheath lace front, if urgent can
fill order in 10 days by calling on Mrs.
Cilinore, SI School Hill, Miss Moore's
apartments. Agent will call at your
residence. Adv 533
Dr. Play fair. Osteopath. 98 Masba
Hill. Mason car stop. Phone Blue 647.
4t. 231
Business Locals
PRIVATE SANITARIUM.
Call Black 573 for terms, etc.
Advertiseme.it-974
Expert paper hanger ana painter. C
J. Brandt. Phone 456. Box 150. ES0
Fruitman Fashionable Tailors spec
ializing in women's suits. Furs of
every description relined and remod
eled. .. Phone Black 798, opposite Y. M.
C. A. Adv-766
Two dollars for three monthi
view. See your carrier.
IF YOU CAN'T SLIP YOUR TIE IN
YOUR COLLAR, SEND YOUR LAUN
DRY TO US. STANDARD LAUNDRY
PHONE 57. Adv-638
j Review being offered to new sub
: scribers for $2.00, 3 months. Look this
up. Help some boy win $50.00.
Review is offering $50.00 to boy se
curing the greatest number of new
subscribers. Subscribe now.
Dance by the C. & A. band at Wan
ren Park every Wednesday and Sat
urday. Admission fifty cents. Ladies
tree. 19j
See your carrier Two dollars for
three months three months for $2.00
Review.
Three months for
See your carrier.
$2.00 Review.
R. R. WATCH INSPECTORS
Prompt repairing, careful workman
ship, courteous treatment. Lowell
Jewelry Slrop. Adv. 8S6
Dr. Edward Colman, chiropractor
and osteopath. Rheumatism and ner
vousness specialty. Office, Cottage
Home, 85 Maine St. 687
L. L. Gilman sells the New Edison,
'the phonograph with a soul."
Rockhlll's stage BIsbee-Tombstone.
Leaves Blsbee Bisbee Auto Co., 7 a.
m., 1:30 p. m. Leaves Tombstone Ar
lington hotel 10 a. m. 5 p. m. 7 passen
ger cars. Careful drivers. Phones, Bis
bee 5. Tombstone 88.
Dr. E. R. Carpenter, Eye, Ear. Nose
and ThroaL Douglas every Wednes
day. Office, Room No. 19, Megulre
Bunding. 476
SELECT DANCE
Every Sunday night, Pythian Castle. O.
K. street. Invitations obtained from
Committee or at the door. Adv 674
JAMES ROSS
Typewriter expert Is in city. Type
writers cleaned, overhauled and ad
justed. Telephone 98 or call Copper
Queen Hotel. Adv-80
Dr. Helene T. Webb has Opened of
fices for the practice of c hiropody,
scalp treatment and manicuring in the
Letson Hotel. Especial attention to
women and children. Adv-146
THE FORD AGENCY
Still growing. Extending from street
to street. Johnson addition. The
most experienced and expert mechan
ics obtainable. Considerate attention.
Prompt service. Satisfactory results.
Advertisement
Having disposed of my interest in
the City Park Soda Fountain U my
partner. W. E. Moore, I should like
to thank my former patrons and rec
ommend Mr. Moore to their pa.ronaue.
Q. S. Routh. Adv-137
I wish to thank my former patrons
for their patronage and recommend
that they extend the same courtesy to
Devlne and Davis, my successors in SL
Elmo Pool Hall. G. S. Routh. Adv-13S
MINUTE WHEELS FOR FORDS.
The very latest and the very best.
They promise to become the rae in
Bisbee. Every Ford owner wants
them. The woman's and boy's wheel
par excellence. Demonstration 2 to 4
p. m. dally at Hood & Bledsoe's, John
son addition. Phone 6S6. Adv
u riA lmi ijh
Willi F II
n HAH as
BestVVorkmanship
Best Material
Lowest Prices
Alien
loci
BACK OF
Y.V.0.A. tin I
I MINING
I SOCIETY jj
SECTION
SECTION I
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRES8
VOL. 20. No. 122.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, OCTOBER 28, 1917.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
MINES, MINING, LOCAL S TOCKS AND COPPER
Arizona s Output of
Copper in October Is
Far From Normal
The Output This Month Will, In All Probability, Fall Twenty
Million Pounds Below Normal of Best Years. November
Activity Is Expected to Increase This Poundage Materially.
Arizona Mines Aid the Liberty Loan.
IMMIXKXT NAVAL OPERATION IN. NORTH SEA IS
REGARDED AS GERMANY'S "DESPERATION MOVE
HOVALA. SMITH
Arizona's October output of copper will fall about 20,000,000 pounds be
low normal. The Globe-Miami district will represent probably ten million
pounds of this, Clifton-Morenci district eight million pounds and the remain
ing two million pounds faWng to other mines and small producers of cus
tom ores, either crippled by the strikes, as affecting their mines or the smel
ters to which they were shipping.
General clearance of the strike troubles in the state now appears certain
during November. The fact that pjo-German Influence has been fixed with
responsibility for the labor troubles by President Wilson's mediation com
mission in unequivocal terms, is recognized, too, as a factor that will have
strong influence in keeping the situation straight during the balance of the
period of the war. Workers take this view in all of the producing districts.
While the Arizona situation is much clearer, Cananea expectations of
early resumption do not appear as bright, although negotiations underway!
between the Washington and Mexico City governments, indirectly bearing
upon Cananea, are continuing. Cananea's idleness adds 6,000,000 more
pounds to the October shortage, while Butte and other western camps with
troubles still underway add 25.000,000 pounds more, bringing the total western
loss from production since the beginning of the pro-German strike movement
in May up to about 150,000,000 pounds of copper to November 1.
mm
:1
COMMENTS
UPON
I
BISBEE PROGRESS
,
t -- -T: -.... 1 a.;
VERDE APEX SOON
TO BE DEVELOPED
BY BIG SYNDICATE
Prominent Mining Man, For-. Rich Looking Prospect of the
m e r 1 y of Bisbee, Tells I
Miami People of Great
Progress Made in District !
Verde District, One MUe
From U. V., Now Receiving
Much Attention.
The navai force of America, tion by the German Kand flest in or
France and Italy are said to be in- near the Nortl. that wiii oe of
formeU of an imminent naval opera-, world importance. That Gtv many the war s bceinninjf.
The moht powerful of th German
crcnunaujrhta in battle formation
(above) and map shows (1) lora
ti.n of the main British blockading
fleet at Kirkiand Islands. (2) the
English channel fleet biockinp the
Straits of Dover. (3) Helgoland,
the German naval fortress, and
(4) the Kiel canal, base of the
German grand UeeL
feels the time is at hand for a "6ti-pei-ation
move" is the belief ,f those
in hih ai:thority amone the govern
ments of the allies. The many re
cent failures of her land forces have
urged Germany to plan the immedi
ate use of her greatest naval
f-.trenf.lh for which the German grand
liett has hee't in preparation since
Hoval A. Smith, long one of the j JEROME. Oct. 27. At last t
most prominent mining men in the ' Verde Apex is to be developed.
Southwest, was a visitor in Miami! TbIs el1 non property, only a
1 rrtila smith rt tha f'ni.i i- i
some days ago. Smith said sorre very i ". . , " "7 " " , '
pleasant things aDout nami and also : Uy than Dr. Walter Harvey Weed has
about Bisbee. His interview, as pub- commercial ore pratticallv on tbe'sur
lished in the Miami Stiver Belt, fol-! fate. ls to be eDlore.! ar' a,h
lows:
Refinery Product Cut.
The loss of this copper is now showing painfully in the output of the
electrolytic refineries, which in September was down to 130,000,000 pounds
from a normal of more than 200.000.000; October output of the refineries is j in?ton tnat it ha1 OTeMUbpi ibed Us have substantial part in th
expected 'to fall below, that of September, and November cannot bring any 'quota in advance of any other county j totai t0 tne loall( united Eaa
material improvement, inasmuch as it will reflect September production of
the smelters.
per.
Cochise county copper producers
Meantime, the government continues the distribution of all American cop-; and railroads brought more than Jl,-
Thus far no metal has been given to other domestic consumers than ! -&0.000 to the Arizona subscription, C.
i & A. being the largest contributor.
available than any other in Arizona. I in the delivery of equipment and sup
The Xew Cornelia Copper company, plis to the New Cornelia Copper com-
I through Calumet & Arizona ni.'.ile i nonr inil tha hnnlacp nut nf its nrp
j $250,000 available to Pima county'e I and copper shpiments. Half of its
I quota of the Liberty loan, while the $100,000 was apportioned to Pima
railroad operated in association with! county and half to Maricopa, the lat
New Cornelia added S50.0G)) more.jter getting its only mining substrip
making a total of $300,000 and en- tion in this way.
abling Pima county to wire to Wash- Mohav count v minine interests 111
e state's
'in Vhe country.
Cochise Banner County. I heading the list, with. Chloride in the.
"Why shouldn't Miami be a largelCott
city Alter all is said and done, the
things that make big cities are their
incomes. The Miami smelter is pro
ducing, as much copper as all the smel
ters in Douglas combined. Ls pro-
A .oyndicate of Jerome and Pre-
investors. chiefly minine men.
haa secured an option on a big block
of Verde Apex stock and undertaken
the financing of the company. The
members of the syndicate have them-
I selves nledeed enoueh muner tn rar.
duction is nearly equal to that of eie,rjr on an extensive campaign of de
Vtah, and it is only a question of j Telopment. E. L. Bartholomew s-j-time
until it will lead Arizona, which J perintendent of the Vr.le pex and
means the world, unless some other. Venture Hill. U at the head of the or
camp like Bisbee should take a sud-j ganization, and was chief! v instni
den spurt. And,- he added, "this is Rental in securing the-nectary on
not all unlikely in Bisbee. tions from John u Robin30tl and Kl,
"Never before in the history of Bis- Shumate of Prescott and C. T Jjlly
bee has there been so much mining 0; ciarkdale, the principal stockhoal
activity as at the present time. The ers anj officers
Copper Queen company seems to have! intention of the syndicate is
renewed its youth, and is doing more;to place at least Sioo oou in th
employment and wages, it has been
at nutatanflin? Irnnwtprlo nnil rnm.
ment within the inri,.atrv that n two new development work in the Warren
large producing companies followed ! district Ulan ever before in lu his
the' same lines of conduct, much less . 0IT;
nnpntine in ,,nisnn n an, nrnl ' "Everywhere throughout the War-
lines, semblance of cooperation com- ":u iu.u.ub uu,. ; the treasury stenk is given the privi-
in- nniv nndor th fliro.. nf om.. Sacramento Hill is being stripped for We ot buvine two shares of nie,i
w - " - I w v - rw
gency circumstances, as in the refusal " W , siock at izh cents, making
u amuavua vim iu tivi iub i m. tmo mjttim
of the large companies here to yield
treasury for development purpose .
With this end in view thry are of
fering treasury stock at 23 cents a
share. The purchaser of one share of
the
j price of three shares 50 cents. Th
those with war contracts, and they have received only such metal as these
with $750,000. Phelps Dod?e put in i be learned.
next position of honor. The total of
these subscriptions, practically all cf
which will be credited direct to Mo-
I have county and Arizona, is yet to
contracts call for. The balance of the copper has gone to the allies, or is ' $400,000 in addition to $1,000,000 sub
set aside for them. In their case, however, delivery covers private consum-
j scribed in New York, while othor pro-
ers as well as government contracts, the allotments being made through j mQn m tj
the several governments. Private consumers in this country have thus far j scriptions going to the credit of strife's
set forth their straits to no avail. Shortage of copper metal much In ex
cess of immediate needs is admitted. Second hands even are exhausted,
and a real famine confronts consumers in the general trades for an Indefi
nite period. Going at top capacity, under the most favorable of conditions,
producers of the metal cannot be expected to catch up with demand during
the remainder of the war period.
Third Quarter Earnings.
The quarter ending September 30 probably marked the crest for the warjCeed $750,000,
period in copper dividends. In spite of enormous war taxes and steadily i
Better Times for Globe
Whatever else may be the outcome
of the
dent
ed by
in which their general headauartere the Globe and the Miami districts, in
offices are located. ; creased production In November may
Ray Consolidated Copper company, be looked for over the present month's
gave a mighty boost in aid of the i output of copper. Employers have en
Pinal county and state apportionment,! tered faithfully into performance of
leading the big subscriptions in :he 1 their part of the agreement and are
state with $500,000 and subscribing an-1 putting back those strikers who were
other $500,000 in New York. Mining not identified with anti-government
company subscriptions in Pinal county ! expressions during the strike period,
will. Including Magma subscription, ex-'dating from July 1.' The men thus
to the recent strike demands, and the uu"u l" "-"" ' j pool Is to extend through a year,
similar stand taken at Clifton-Morenci; ,w r"d.e ore: U ,s r That there will be a heavv deruan I
Should the copper producers now get dwn """ entire mountain and put it I for the stock on these terms i a
together under a general working tnrou8n the new large concentrator j foregone conclusion. It is doubtful if
agreement, as they seem invited to , to erected for thls 1p,lirpose- tl there is a prospect ia the Verde di,
do by the recommendations of the', 8P to think of it, thistrict tIlat ha9 more adniirers and -un.
President's commission, and as the la- 3 "ot only a ulque but a'so l a very Porters than the Verde Apex. Tho
bor leaders seem to Indicate would lnterestln nl spectacular thing to work ,hat WM done )ears a;o by
be in line with their views, it is be-,do' . ! old company opened a magnificent
Hovp.1 r hnncfit. mnnl,l in' Denn-Arizona is working agaift. Ov- showing a showing which, evn .-.t
aiever else may oe ine oui::ome - ar.os .,,, mountain and ilnwn tn.1.1. . , .
e findings and rulings of Presi- a variety of ways for both employer 0 l-" "e c.u.ed m.ny of the wise
Wilson's mediation board. hed- and employee. opeSta? South of the ' JJnSon ' " "I. ' mtL W Pr"
r Secretary of Labor Wilson. In LakersvS a new sLft is b " ' "Z" AP"X
: going back are the pick of the work-
Gila County Big. 1 ers among the strikers and although
I In Gila rniinfv nntu-ithotinHlno. tha not Ihtitp in number will be a ma-
increasing costs of production, heavily so in the strike districts. 44 com-fact that a of producing conlpa.; terial gain to operating energy in the
panles In this quarter paid total dividends of $44,770,045, to which there Is j nles were closed down for two months , event of faithfulness to the commis
properly to be added Red Cross dividends declared by 14 of these companies j and are yet to reach normal operi-'sion pact, to which they have Uuis
. t . ..nfn. . t . . 1 j. v . . . . . tions, subscriptions by Inspiration, Old ' far given evidence of honest allegi-
ln the same period of 4.130.934. Out of Uiis total disbursement the Federal , DomInjoll and MiaJ W,J aggre'gate ' ance to the Spirit as well as the let-
government drew another large portion from income taxes.
I more than $1,500,000, while smaller ter. On this basis they are being .-e-
Fourteen Feet
Is Width of the
J-V's Orebody'
than two
September quarter dividends compared with $44,337,696 in June. $43,612.; I producing interests will be credited ; ceived favorably by the men who re-
thousand feet deep.
"There are many other evidences 1
JEitOME. Oct. 27. Actual measure- new work , the district, and beside
ment shows the width of the Jeroma all this new work, the regular ore
Verde's Maintop ore body to be four- production is going forward. If you
teen feet. The footwall. a parphyrr.t shouli see tne Junction power house
has now been reached. now from a distance you would think
Estimates previously made of the 1,1 a battery of cannon lined UP 00 the
width of the ore were a little too high. ; German front: ,here are 90 man-T
It was stated Wednesday that the ore j stac.k- . t, t ....,
was fourteen and a half feet wldo.j AU of 'nich Koes to show." sa!d
counting out a foot and a half of in- Mr' Smith' "wnat a ond(;rfu camP
trusive. and that the footwall had not f,suw lue "rreu u," uu
later determ-, yean. Bo m-n 1
mg sunK ana away aown in me lower; Developments within the last fe v
end of the district at Warren just!day9 in ,he sIlaft in sunk on f.is
above the water tanks of the town.jiine . th Sorates claim of the V.n
the old Calumet Cochise shaft is be- ture Hill company anil tho If.ack
ing re-opened. It Is the intent to sink Horse claim of the Wr.ie hai
rnet Cochise shaft not lessiheen of an almost nnrinn..l n.....
907 in March and $47,177,431 In December, the previous high. For the ex
pired three quarters of the present year the total disbursements were $136,
851.5S0, breaking all records for a 9 months period. Earned for surplus ac
count in addition to this disbursement was approximately $64,000,000. War
however that the intmsiv., ' c,me to Bisbee as a young construc-
as'nriv . little nocke of waste !n tion engineer to erect the Spray shaft
the ore and signified nothing. Meas- for the Copper Queen Mining company., or
It wa 4nmicFnr that thinf nil Ka 1
with tint lu. i,on touuM f ,iraA,f tn tha omnlovment nt th oeen reacnea. II was
I " s.u uv 1-jo mnu f wif(vt'v; 11111 c. uvi s,w uv r j w , VB. ------
' In the Clifton-Morenri HiutHt tha ' romnanies when the latter declarel ' ne"
three large producers in spite of their their properties open for re-employ-long
shut-down, still wholly effective' ment regardless of the prevailing
! but now hoped to be in way of early strikes of the Western Federation and
i and permanent adjustment, will have ! I. W. W. The harmony thus far un
taxes and Liberty bonds will about take this up. "With metal price at 23: record of more than $1,000,000 sub-'der the new order of things has been
. 1 , i .. 1 scribed, nartlv alloted tn tliA praAit n'.Riirh an to Increase the end of the
ICIILB B1IU OTCiafeC IAIJJ)JCI LUBIB IIIAKC '7S UC11UI IUO IVUUU CAI.IU9I1V Ul . OI ' . - ... . . v . v. .. . V H 1 1 ! flf tllP OTA that haS
, . . . . . ,,, . . . . . ureeniee county and saving that dl-i mout1! proauction 01 ore ana metaii " , " district has crown three miles be-
taxes. it is probable that most producers will be obliged to encroach upon i . . - . . ....-n, Al.,nr npTt month 8hft,lI(, j been made by anyone in authority Is t"nZ..':
.. . .vu.
and have attracted renewed attention
to both properties. It is now con
ceded that only capital for develop
ment is needed to place the Apex in
the class of high-grade producers.
Ore In Sight.
With copper selling at its present
figure of 23 cents a pound it mig'at
even be possible to extract and mar
ket at a profit the low-grade ore from
the Black Horse shaft. But the show
ing in the main shaft seeuiintly point-t
the way to a big deposit of hieh
grade. and should be followed up bv
all means. The members of the syn
dicate hfiieve firmly that some five
wall and the ore was found to be four
teen feet wide, almost to an inch.
The most conservative estimate of
surplus accounts carried into the present year if they maintain fixed divi-, its apportionment.
dend rates. Christmas extras, which have become more or less a
falling behind i and during next month, should accom-
plish much toward bringing output
habit, may pull the December quarter dividends up to the September record,
8trong with more than $2,000,000 to of normal a probability of December.
expense.
have the volume of the past.
Employees Benefit.
I its credit of which half may be ao-
but In view of the strike losses through curtailment of production and other portioned to Yavapai county and Ar
considerable items of attendant expense, it is doubtful if the extras will!izna. This district, through the sec
ond subscription of Verde Combina
tion, attained exceptional note in min
j ing circles. Combination being still in
i the development stage and its use
While share owners in the copper companies have been receiving their 0f funds for bond purposes therefors
Increased returns, copper company employees have not failed to benefit. : exceptional. Strong financial situa
. ,nrr v.. .1 . i,. ,.,!,, knitition of treasury of the company.
and the fact that H is much, of a close ! shop
metal price period, and from this increase in returns rrom tne copper in-1 corporation in its nature made the
dustry there has been no subtraction of income tax. (course possible. Combination sub-
i scribed $15,000 to the first loan and
it was thought that about all the ore
available in that district had already
, been discovered. The Spray was con
sidered as being a long hazard, wat
out at the end of the district. Today
i . i c . .. Tn... v.
ten per cent Others who have been 'uuu l"c "c ",c "' uu"
in the crosscut, fifty feet above the "tended out and down to the Black
1200-foot level, claim that the ore will Gap- . t
average 20 per cent Rumors have of cour8e th mPn then in char
iuc aiiuus ui uitr uimi it i uair
Union leaders claim to see in the: average -u pvr ceuu xiumrS ...
... i n ini i -in opAiinn inurn t n a r -
terms of the settlement part cularly; IZ passed on and out. and the boys of
witai regard to tne provision lor " Mn, hllf .that day are now in control. The War-
n7nitl..i. of -mntovees' erlevanpo rnm. crosscut was v per itbi,
mittee and the recourse of the latter; 8,ories are exaggerated
ren district today is being administ-
The copper appears In the form of "ea,,n 8 Droaa' 'KUS mprr-
ernment. a considerable advance step! chalcoclle and bornlte , Near the -
to arbitrators appointed by the gov-
... . .. Vianolnir wall it was nractlcallT
toward realization oi meir contention i o --- -- - tn vears
. .. . . hoii. hnr on the footwall h de lne n?11 lew 7"'
for dealings by employers witn em-, . i "if the Miami district ls to keep
the ore UD w'tn Bisbee, and I hope it will, it
,inWM nniioctivelv. allhoueh the oien ie glance Is mixed witn pornite. ,
' " ; i. - .
Copper miners of the United States and Alaska produced in the nine
months to September 30 a total of l,437.44.OO0 pounds of the red metal.
$10,000 to the second, all of it cred-
is expressly stipulated in the! Despite the great depth
shows much oxidization. Experts are
will certainly have to go some.
"When you stop to think of It."
added Mr. Smith, "there is no won
der that, Arizona leads the copper
. . . tn i. i lauiua .D . i .iiiniii.
...r... io rn. h. nn. mnntk. ... net' n.nt. h. M,.n Horn proHll i V..nnl Mnt. r,, I .,.ut, r1.n for the nmrtn.-or. tn'SMpment ana one win inuunuij- BU
f n h Vpw Ynrlr Clf the lotnl nine months nrotlnrtinn Arizona mnrlp nntnut.
; by the Consolidated Arizona Smelting
despite strikes, of 542,461,000 pounds from Its largest sources, or more than company and Its subsidiary mining
a third of the total. Had the April rate of production been maintained, j company, and subscriptions of some
Arizona would have had more than 700,000,000 pounds in the first nine 0,her ,e88er mining interests in the
.county.
months total. Young Rai,Poad Subscribes.
Mine Districts Aid Loan. Probably the proudest showing
The mining districts of the state have scored high
commissions terms. At the same 3 "- - -
time the labor leaders concede than"' ",e
the way Is opened, and indeed such was from the fault as it could not
..... ... ... nnacihiv iiiM heen from the surface.
course Dracticany rorcea tnrougn tne !"""' "' . . whon h nn.iu.ao . .nh
Tneiited to Arizona. Beside the subscrirM provision of the joint employment! Two carloads of ore are ready tor nishee
i . i m . An a 1 1 1 nrnmniv trr r - -
lucers to.""' .. , 1JA ' districts, not to mention the many
the Jerome district are subscriptions enter into a collective association for,Ioraru lo "n'"'ul """ other great producers of the state.
the conduct of their labor interests.! ,oquael " he made lust wuthl "l ,ook orard to the day when
While it has long seemed reasonable," that J. to be made Just outh,
that there should te some such co-j"1
operative working arrangement on the
part of the employers, to the end ofj WITHDRAWS CHARGE
stability of working forces and mini
mizing the floating element in coppet
in
as the Warren district did. You are
very young here yet, and your dis-
shaft and a crosscut to the west into
Apex ground will open such a deposit
What Weed Says.
That showing, according to Dr.
Weed, is like the one which led to
the U. V. Extension ore body. It U
similar to the schist ledges over the
ore bodies of the United Verde. Here
are the exact words of the geologist:
It is the character of vein
which characterizes the exten
sion of the schistose belt of some
of the ore bodies of the United
Verde mine, and the great bo
nanza ore body on the 1400-foot
level of the United Verde Exten
sion was discovered. I am told
by Mr. Oave Morgan, following
a small fissure of the kind that
carried native copper.
But the Verde Apex will not have
to go any 1400 feet deep for the ore.
There the schists lie exposed on tho
surface, not concealed under great
blankets of sedimenteries.
There are eight claims in the Verd
Apex group, but as some of them are
fractional the total area is only some
85 acres. They bisect the Venture
Hill group from north to south. By
many the Verde Apex and Venture
Hill are confused because of the way
their claims overlap and the fact that
I trlct is but a baby, compared to Bis-
. . ' bee. and when it will have added as
ST. LOLIS, Oct. .. -tnamp nam. ... tn it. Hemlonment as mt. I there is a working agreement between
in the Liberty loan',ne 8,ate 18 that of tlle TuCBon. New j mining, milling and smelting and la-! speaker of the house of representa- baye Jn Bishee tt,ere j.' the two companies. As a matter ot
Cornelia & una uena rauroaa. wnicniuor resources, numm oi me son nas uves. toaay - veaied a geolog cal h story lust as ' tact, the corporations are quite dt
subscriptions, and they will score strong again next week in the food saving founa a t0 take l0fim ot the! ever existed. Notwithstanding fr- a "ring of New York men bad been a . " fMtine and fullUinct.
pledge campaign. j loan. The road, extending 44 miles, quent assertions from radical sources' hampering the sale of bonds or the Ja a Tery 8nort time, and I am proud
In the Liberty loan campaign Pima county is probably more strongly im-: trom Gila Bpnd io A- ha8 bfen lr ' ln whIrn BOme pubIic bellef ha9 rown ' second Liberty loan in order to force Q My tfcat many of 'your be!,t miners
i operation less than three years. Tlie up, that the copper producers in the a higher rate of Inter on the next
prossed with the financial assistance a producing copper company make,-! great bulk of ,ts buslncg8 has been i west operated as a unit in matters of issue of bonds." (Continued on Page Two)
Location.
The Joint camp of the Venture Hill
(Continued ton Pag Tvo) TWO
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, OCTOBER 28, 1917.
Vortlo Jnov Qnrtll
r C lit? IXykZX tDUUil
rwi ry T 1
1 O 136 UCVClOpCCl
(Continued From Page One)
and Verde Apex companies is only
two miles from Jerome by the Pitta- phyry and schist both ore forma
burgh-Jerome road and. as stated be-'tions showing extended oxidation
fore, only about a mile south of the ' and leaching. The next 20 feet was
TJ. V. mine. The Verde Apex is ad- a bar of green serpentine rock, show
joined by the Columbia and Consoli-'ing much white iron and chalcopy-
dated King groups, owned by Sen-
ator V. A. Clark of the United Verde,
Only a claim-length away, to the
northeast, are Senator Clark's North1
Venture and South Venture claims,
from which some of the richest coi-.
per ore ever mined in the Verde dis-' several months, and resumption wasi "The ore bodies thus far developed ! level of the United Verde Extension
trict, has been taken. Just over the effected only two weeks ago. Since, jn the district occur at the United;'14" discovered. I am told by Mr.
bill, and joining the Venture claims 'then conditions far more interesting j yerde mine, the Little Daisy mine of! Dave Morgan, following a small Tis
on the northeast. Is the Calumet 1 than anything opened above, or any-the United Verde Extension, the Cop-jsure of this kind that carried native
Jerome. A mile to the east lie the1 where else on Venture Hill or Verdv!;pcr chief and Iron King mines, four , cPPr-
Gadsden, on w hich the Calumet & Ar j Apex ground, have been opened. miles south of the two first named! "A third vein is also cut in the
izona has already spent nearly J200,-; The quartz and schist are all mixed properties. The ore bodies show cer-j Black Horse, or upper tunnel, and
000 just in starting development, and! up. So much iron oxide comes in tain peculiarities of undeveloped ! "as been followed for some distance,
the Verde Combination, backed by a with the quartz that the mere hand- ground. One is that they occur only j It shows oxidized copper ore of corn
company which has over $400,000 In 1 ling of a piece will stain one's hands j m the sheared rocks, another that the ; mercial value, though high in silica.
Its treasury. 'as red as blood. And iron oxide is j ore bodies, though often of immense; This vein runs about N. 50-60 degrees
It will cost much more to develop ' regarded in this district as a first-' Kize feather out. their ends tapering i E., crossing the prevailing cleavage
the Gadsden or Combination than to1
develop the Verde Apex, for they lis'
on the east side of the great north-:
andsouth fault, while the Apex lies ,
to the west.
The summit of .the Black Hills
range is covered with a capping of
limestone and lava. As a result, an
area about a mile and a half In widtn
has been exposed. To the east the ; t-haft at present is almost ore.
limestones appear again at a much- More From Weed,
lower level. Therefore there are two! One of the most interesting fea
distinct geological conditions to be'tures of the work done to date in the
considered in developing future mines, shaft is the manner in which it has
Where the surface of the schist is cov- borne out the predictions of Dr.
ered by the sedimentary limestones Weed, the eminent geologist and en
and lava, or basalt, and no outcrops gineer, who reported on the Verdo
are visible, It is very difficult and , Apex ground last winter, before the
expensive to locate the ore bodies. ! shaft was started. In the course of
Where the schist is exposed at the his report Dr. Weed wrote:
surface, as at the Verde Apex, many : A comparison of the observed
outcronDines. veins and gossans are geological features with those
to be found, eliminating blind pros-
pecting. j
Showing in Shaft. i
Certainly there was no blind pros-j
When the Skin Seems Ablaze
With Itching and Burning
There's just one thing: to do.
If your skin seems ablaze with the
fiery burning and itching of Eczema,
real and lasting relief can on In
come from treatment that goes below
the surface that reaches down to
the very source of the trouble. So
called skin-diseases come from a dis
ordered condition of the blood, and
the proper treatment is through the
blood.
Search far and scar, and you can-1
Any Firestone dealer will show
you a cross section and point
out the new mileage features in
mm
mm?
if
m
I pecting when the shaft being sunk
(jointly by the Venture Hill and Verde
Apex companies, for the development
of their claims, was located. It was!
: started on a very highly mineralized j
outcrop in the diorite and schiFtj
: formation. For the first 50 feet it .
; passed through a decomposed por.
rite. Below that was soft dioritic j
schist, with a heavier content of chal-'
copyrite and iron.
At about 190 feet the quartz' began
to come in, dipping from the west.!
At that poiut work was suspended for;
class indication of copper.
Native Copper.
But It isn't any better indication
than copper itself. Flocks and '
specks of native copper as big as pin-;
heads now appear through the schist
and quartz. Associated with the na -
five copper are chalcopyrite and bor-ja
nite. The material coming from the
seen above the productive mines
in the district shows that the
Apex mine has merit and is well
deserving of future development.
not find a blood remedy that ap
proaches S. S. S. for real efficiency. ' The Black "Horse workings also cut- As stated before, the plan of de
t i i t t. t eft., i the Socrates vein, which in this tun- veloDment is to sink the shaft several
XL lids utril tin lilt inaii lui imj .
i.rc rtiiri,,T u-hlrh timf it hac hn
giving uniform satisfaction for air
manner of blood disorders. If you
want prompt and lasting relief, you
can rciy upon
adv:
ow
Ch
Co.
No. 1
a. a. a. ror cxptu fi f Kri,istositv of he rocks over riant includes a 25-horsenower Foos'er tnenar, in me opinion or mem Ders
ice as to the treatment r. your,... , , .,. . j i . , ,i of the sneriHl Jnnanee fiimnro mm-1 ' - '
i . . , - . line enure grouu, aim uiuiiiiik m " iiuiM unu it ou-nur&euuwcr uui iiuuie.i ' ' '
u unu murfl ldc. wnic I'J-.idV L'J .... ... - . :! 1. tU 111 u t-..;..i
let Medical Adviser. Swift Specific : ucsr "ru mk pr.i. me bbhio uu-uuiuuik cnsine, ui.m.5 oo-twi . ------ ' . .V I mtmmmmm MflMMMMMas
, Dept. C Atlanta. Ga. i vein is in the lower or Socrates tun-; Sullivan compressor. This machinery'011" -'-moer to investigate tne &
financial and economic measures ! m ,- j-gm I
Tough, Thick Tread
Many more miles of resistance against
the friction of the road. 1
No. 2 More
More pure rubber between fabric and tread to
save the body of the tire from, shocks and bruises
and to increase the resiliency.
No. 3 More Rubber Between Layers
Separating the plies of fabric by an elastic wall which
allows free play without friction.
No. 4 Reinforcement in Bead and Side Wall
CrcDlly increases the strength, ot the junction of tire
end rim, end raises the point cf "bending" to the widest
part of the tire. This one feature alone adds miles to the
service of the tire. Wherever Firestones are for sale you
can see this section of tire and fcain an inside knowl
edge that, will teach vou to huy ''Most Miles
per Dollar." EXTRA KILEACE AT
NO LXTRA COST,
Firestone Tire
Co
vv-
The finding of both oxidized and
sulphide ores in the tunnels of
the property shows the claims to
be within the copper-bearing
area, and in my opinion there is
ground for the hope that de
posits of commercial value and
extent may be found. This opin
ion is based upon a full knowl
edge of the ore bodies found in
the three producing properties
of the camp. .
It is safe to say that If Dr. Weed
were to report on the Apex today the
showing in the shaft would cause him
'o use much stronger words than the.
above.
of the developed properties Dr.
Weed wrote:
into very narrow veins or bauds of .
flaky, schistose rock, sometimes ex-1
tending a long distance horizontally, :
or continuing upward from the top
f tne ore ien3 toward the surface, j
stjri more marked feature of some
, cf tne ore bodies is the occurrence of
deuse quartz of replacement type
varying to a jasper of varied texture,
eolor and composition. Thi jasper
forms an outcrop over several other
ore bodies opened under ground. i
The Verde Apex Area. i
"Within the Verde Apex holdings
the rocks weather with a pale yellow-
ish-brown color and show consider-,
able variation of structure from !
blocky to quite fissile forms. j
"The schistosity observed on the
claims varies from N. 35 to 45 de -
Igrees or so io the southeast. These which development is now going for
j schists consist of metamorphosed, al-ward. At the time he made his ex
i tered, pebbly sandstone and shales, : amination the shaft had not been
I parts of an old schist series invaded started. It will connect with the
land backed by quartz porphyry. Both Socrates tunnel at a depth of 265 feet,
I of these types are intensely altered on'y 20 Ieet below its present depth,
'and show schistose structures running! The tunnel will be of great service
in a different direction. ! in handling the water as the shaft
i Black Horse -Workings. attains depth, for it will obviate the
"The Black Horse, or upper tunnel, i necessity of hoisting or pumping all
; is 24.1 feet higher than the Socrates ! the way to the top.
: tunnel of the Venture Hill company.,
- !
nel is a narrow seam, encountered i
at about 115 feet from the portal.
This vein runs N. 35 degrees W.. con-
forming closely to the general direc-.
Mo
The
mm
mm
v..yv.y:i!
Cushion Stock
nnd Rubber
mi J
Mis
7
nel of the Venture Hill company, and
is followed for 160 feet or so west
ward to the side line of that pros
pect, where it passes into Verde Apex
ground. Whether or not this vein
is a mineralized fault is difficult to
determine. Inasmuch as It carries
quartz and the shaly wall rock carries
scales of native copper for 15 to 20
feet east of the Verde Apex line, 1
consider the vein well worthy of
further and deeper development and
recommend the extension of the tun
nel into Apex ground.
"It is the type of vein which char-
acterizes the extension of the schist-
ose helt ot 8one of the ore bodies of
; the i nited Verde mine and the great
j bonanza ore body on the HOO-foot
planes of the rock. -
The bocrates tunnel was carried,.
to the side line on the Socrates veinager of tne inspiration, is here. Hej
and then turned 90 degrees along !ja one 0f the Bisbee boys, who came
tne line to cut the Black Horse ?o. i
vein. The new northerly crosscut
passed through 15 feet of a dense
schist carrying disseminated particles
of iron and copper pyrite, and the
iracture planes snow uiick coatings
of chalcopyrite. If this continues to
increase as the vein is approached.
thcr hoPe of "ndln ore f com;
vaIue and extent The wri
PhMe-beanng rock Is cut in the X.rst
"hwest crosscut of this tunnel It
m Probably extend westward into
Apex S'ouna.
It will be noted that Dr. Weed in
no place mentions the main shaft, in
Equipment.
hundred feet deeper, and then cross-
'cut west into Verde ground. For
this contemplated work the nresenl
plant of machinery will be ample. The
(A
V
'1
4
1 1
wm 1
is well housed in a substantial build
ing. A blacksmith shop, bunkhouse,
boarding house, office and garage are
situated near the shaft site. A sub
stantial head-frame 32 feet high, built
of 10x10 Oregon pine, is erected over
the shaft. The shaft is timbered
throughout with SxS timbers. j
Organization. j
The Verde Apex and Venture Hill:
companies are each organized with!
3,000.000 shares, par value $1.00.!
Most of the Venture Hill company's
shares are issued, but the Apex has1
little stock outstanding. This makes j
the stock as attractive, from an in-1
vestment standpoint, as that of a newj
company. j
Hoval A. Smith
Tellsof Bisbee
(Continued From Page One.)
received their early training in liis
of surprises as occurred in the War
ren district.
MVou have made great progress here
bee. In visiting around your town I !
have noted many old Bisbee citizens. !
note riiarles E. Mills, general man
up from the ranks, and has made
good. Among other Bisbee faces I
notice Slasher Harrington. Jack Ken. j
ney, Martin Kristovich and many oth- j
er old timers. I
"Bisbee was the school house in '
which was trained your citizenship,
and under such tutelage, why shouldn't I
Miami be a great mining camp, with
your rich copper resources administ
ered by men trained in the pioneer
ing conditions of the wonderful War
ren district?"
JAPAN THINKS THE
U.S. WILL DOMINATE
FINANCEAFTER WAR
Leading Japanese Financiers
Are Coming to This Coun
try to Investigate Financial
Measures.
I f(W IH rt i) frnfreonnn Tanm
i utiu, un. u orresponuence
, ot the Associated Press.) The United I
i otates will hold a dominant position
! ln nioney market of the world aft
financial and economic measures
adopted hy the United States to meet
! the exigencies of the war. The com-!
i mission Is headed by Raron Tanetaro
; Megata. Announcing the purposes o'
! the visit to America the commission j
! states:
"The financial measures which the
I I'nited States has adopte J for the '
' time of the war and the economic poli
t cies which she has framed for the'
period to follow the war have heen
i planned on a large scale and with
j great foresight, so that they will nat-'
1 urally bring about an entirely new
! situation in the industrial and mono-
tary circles of the world. j
! Therefore, the sending of these
commissoners to the United States in
I order to enable thm to observe per
1 sona'ly the conditions actually exist-'
ing in that country and so to create
1 between the two nations a better un
1 der3tatiding which sJ;all serve to pro
mote the mutual interests of both
1 countries, will not only be instrtimen-
tal in furthering relations of intimacy
j between Japan and the Untied Slates.
I hut alho will have the good effect o:
j bringing into clearer light the indus
. trial and financial fields of tin's cin
: pire, both during and after the war
j "Th:it the United States will hold a
dominant position in the nioney mar
'. ket of the world after the war seems
: quite certain and consequently to
strengthen the basis of cooperation
wtih her is tantamount to advancing
1 the economic position of this enijiir-i.
! "In this selection of the commis
sioners comparatively many appoint
ments have been made from business
i circles inasmuch as the neecs.-ity !'
'making the investigation a combined
effort of government and people was
keenly felt by the authorities.
SIXOF TEN CAPTURED.
(liy He view Leased Wire.)
ATLANTA, Ga.. 0 t. 27. Six of the
ten Geruuin prisoners who escaped
jfrom the alien oniuy detention camp
' at Fort Md'herson. Tuesday nilit
were captured toil;t by agents of the
department of jus ice. h'ie were taken
, at Siirrency. tJa., ami the sixth. Joliaun
i Adclhardt. a ir.m-cotumiKsioiied oBit er.
was arrested here.
The men arrested at Siirrency were
Arnold llenckel. a ntin-cuniniisioued
; officer, and Scaiiiau Maxuiillina teu.in
; per. l arl Schultze. Paul Kisner and
j tianz Here. Paul Falj;. another of the
! ten. was captured here last nipht hy a
soldier leavinK three at lare. The
1 'iiissing include Lieu'enant Hans Uerg.
; who brought the pric sliip Appam to
Hampton Koads after her capture by
; the Mih-h e.
EXPLOSION KILLS MANY.
SAN JOSE, Uosta Kiia. Oct. 24.
Sixty pel sons were killed and !l(l ser-
ionsly oiinilei. as the result of an ex
plosion which occurred in the principal
barracks early this morning. The
explosion was line an accident. Tim i
barracks and the penitentiary were de- j
' stroj ed.
US
help you plan your
house. Make you draw
ings of it and help you
in any way we can. We
have a regular architect
in connection who will
do this for you.
The best of material
and the best of service.
Gibson -Mines
Lumber Co.
J.W.F.Smlta,Msr. riioneSS
O. K. LIVERY AND
UNDERTAKING CO.
Robert Henessey, Prop.
Opposite Depot Ambulance
EYE NERVE GLASSES ,
3tudy and much re
search work since'
1892, Is the cause of
my successful practice
in Bisbee. Dr. R.
Glaze, Neutrolopift,
Room , Maze Bldg , Fhone. Office
156, Residence, Black 420.
We are paying good prices
tor hides.
ARIZONA JUNK CO.
Lowell, Arizona.
GUARD YOUR
HEALTH!
Use Pasteurized Cream and Milk
At Your Grocers.
The Pure Milk Depot,
Johnson Bldg, Main St.
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Solicits Your
Patronage
PHONE 58
If-f
I
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
AND HIGH CLASS CAFE
The best of everythinsr at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 60c luncheon dally. Also $ 1 .00 dinner from
5 : 30 to 7 : 30 p. m. Regular Board by the month, $40 ;
$10 by the week.
Henry Poppen, Manager.
L. J. OVERLOOK, BROKER
Correspondents: Paine, Weber X Co., Boston, Duluth, CalumeL
LOGAN & BRYAN. NEW YORK AND CHICAGO.
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK.
I A
h r v,.v -s : Ma l v -i
Bisbee Lumber
EMIL MARKS, MGR.
LOWELL
Review Want
J. B.
ANGIUS
PURE
FOOD
GROCER
PHONE 29
CHICHESTER S PILLS
V or I I 4 .1. I . I . . .
6
M r.T f TM.
DIAMOND llttU PILL, fa. sj
SOLD BY DSLCCI5.TS EVFJflflAHERf
To All Deputies
1 want to impress upon each dep
uty sheriff the absolute necessity
for extreme self-coi JoL, cool, 'calm
judgment and patience. Avoid all
display of weapons. Remember,
you are deputized for protection of
self and property and the mainten
ance of peace. You are subject to
my call, a call which will be made
when necessary.
Let no act of yours !end to de
feat the object for whicD you wre
leputized, namely the preservation
Df peace. I hold each man respon
sible for any illegal act or excess ot
bis authority and this applies to ev
2rv man in this district.
HARRY C. WHEELER,
Sheriff.
CATARRH
OF THE
i BLADDER
EsIisTsd Io
'24 Hours
Each Cmo. V
oie ikui we
vVWrVrWAWVvVrV
Telephone 44S
A Phone Call Will Bring Us.
LOS ANGELES JUNK SHOP
i Highest Cash Prices raid For
'Metals. Rubber. Rag. Sack. Bottles,
Bones, Iron, Hides. Pelts, etc.
HOROWITZ BROTHERS, Proprietors
; Lowell, Arizona.
BISBEE TRANSFER,
STORAGE & COAL CO.
Warehouse & Office Opposite Depot
PHONES 640 and 50.
THE REVIEW
Job Department
will furnish you an estimate
on that job on short notice
VV ATKINS & BERGQUIST
Jewelers and Opticians
! The HALLMARK Store
In Preparing Specifications
it makes a whole lot of differ
ence what kind of lumber you
Use. If the lumber is to come
from us, you can figure on quan
tities much closer than If you
dont specify us." There is nu
waste to our lumber. It can be
used to the last inch. If your
I'l.uis arc a.) right as our lum
ber your building will be a
lamiy.
Company, im
CAR STOP.
PHONE 25.
Ads for Results
r THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, OCTOBER 23, 1917.
THREE
SocietyNewJ
Prominent women of Bisbee are en i England. Besides giving most ofthese
thuiastically entering' on a season of , institutions temporary and immediate
war relief work. There are several , relief, it is the aim of this fund, after
tranches of this work now going on 1 the reeducation of the blinded man
in Bisbee, Including the Red Cross : is complete, to pave the way for him
and the adopting of the fatherless to become a useful, self-supporting
sonal happiness1; while thousands are
training for the most exacting"of work,!
nursing.
In brief, the blaze of the Liberty
bonfire should symbolize the fact that
every man, woman and child of the
children of France; and not least citizen hy sending him to his home, United States is ready to make any
In importance are the efforts in be- and furnishing him with raw mate
half of those meti permanently blinded rials for his trade, supervising his work
In the war. and establishing a market for his pro-
That there will be splendid co-op-. duct. The fund aims to establish a
eration on the part of the women permanent foundation for their main
here was shown, when those inter- tcnanee and support. This will ne
ested in organizing a local movement ' cessitate a very large sum In order
toward raising money for the fund . that the workshops and labor ex
met at the Y. W. C. A. last Wednes- changes may be carried on success-
day afternoon and commemorated Li fully. Bisbee people who wish to aid
sacrifice required with only gladness
in the heart to be able to help. Does
it mean that to you?
The Hallowe'en dance at the Coun
try club provided plenty of amuse
ment for the unusually large crowd
which attended it last evening. Among
the special features were novel caps
for the women and also for the men.
berty day by discussing plans for this in this splendid work are asked toj-rhe climax came when, after the fl-
very excellent work. Mrs. Shine pre- send their contributions to this rund
sided at the meeting, and Mrs. Thomp- to. the Bank of Bisbee.
son and Mrs. Hughes were appointed J
respectively treasurer and secretary. . THE LIBERTY BONFIRE.
An entertainment committee, consist-j What especial significance did the
ing of Mesdames Douval, Thompson, bonfire of the twenty-third have for
CMalley and Whitwell was also ap- you? when you heard the stimn? j lunch was served. The success of
pointed, with Mrs. Houle as chairman, music and saw the spectacular flames ! the affair was entirely due to the able
Mrs. Robert Ferguson presided at the : mounting upward, when you remem-1 management, of Mr. T. O. McGrath,
tea table. , bered that in the capital and in every wno g chairman of the entertainment
A card party has been arranged for city and town of the United States committee.
... . . v . ( i :i v, 1 :
next Thursday anernoon at airs, uro-j similar urea utiu5 nvic mr
phy's house, as the first step toward ilar crowds of enthusiastic onlookers,
contributing to the fund. The money did you realize what meaning it had
is to be sent to Mr. Frank Vanderlip, for you?
the well known Xew York banker. To begin at the very beginning of
. . - a 11. iilnnr. ltnn fiPA W O - trAA was -? Of- '
wno is nonorary treasurer m me rc- "-. - - , Mr. and Mrs. Roy sims and fami-
lief fund. Other plans, for entertain- Inally bonefire, a fire of bones or a I -.t-.n -m rv.J
.. i. ' fn-l nrr. Tj.tpr .mnnr semt-har. i and WrS- McCall were in from Doug-
r,KH mrf wilt he nerfected bv the barous peoples H was kindled in times 'Is ast suniay, visiting ur. ana airs
... . . - . 1 1 . . :l A i1lltA . ! '
committee in cnarge or mai orancn oi vi iruicmr w unc ic
the work. j spirits. After the conversion of Con-
Among those present at the Liberty , stantine the kindling of the bonfire,
day meeting were Mesdames Shine, with many traditional ceremonies, be
W. B. Gohring, Win. Brophy. A. Houle, came a regular part of the observ
A. J. Balmforth, Mme. Feuchere, Miss ances on the eve of certain, saint's
Carlotta Moyer, Mesdames M. Ster-days; for the church, to conciliate its
ling, C. S. Wilson, John E. Fry, P. B. pagan proselytes, preferred to adopt . The Ladies' Aid of the- Methodist
Durfee, Robert Ferguson, Miss Grace, and consecrate the rites of heathen j church will meet at the home of Mrs.
Keith, Mesdames C. E. Go llwitzer.j worship, which it was unable to sup-jR. L. Livingstone in Tombstone Can
Walter O'Malley, George A. Bridge, ! press. J yon, at 2:30 Thursday afternoon.
John M. Ross, G. Sherman, E. G. Ruff-; The Britons, believing that on the j
ner, T. A. Hughes, C. S. Thompson and eve of November first witches and Mrs. W. H. Brophy's house on Claw
C. M. Lynn. 'evil f-pirits were rampant, used to 'son avenue will be the scene of n
The American-British-French-Belgian build fires to keep them away. The 1 card party next Thursday afternoon,
war relief fund was organized in Eng- casting of effigies into the flames i given in behalf of the war-blinded sol-
land and France in November. 1915, was also observed, as a survival or : diers or France and her allies.
nal dance, the guests were presented
with paper roll? or serpents, and vied
with each other in hurling them over
wires stretched along each side of the
room. Decorations were appropriate
to the occasion, and a very enjoyable
Another Jovial Hallowe'en celebra
tion will be the Elks' dance, Wednes
day evening.
Sims of Tombstone Canyon.
The day and hour of the Chautau
qua meetings have been chaneed. The
class now meets on Tuesday from 7:30
to 9 o'clock.
and commenced its activities in this
country in March, 1915, having offi-
ancient propitiatory sacrifices. j
But what, you ask, has all this got
,
Professor Willis of the U. of A ad-
ces at 590 Fifth avenue. New York 'to do with the Liberty Loan bonfire j dressed a record-breaking class at the
City. The American section is un
der the patronage of the Honorable
Woodrow Wilson; the king and queen
of England head the British depart
ment and the Belgian is under the pa
tronage of the king and queen of Bel
gium. The president of France is at
the head of the French section.
The primary object of the organiza-
"T" Thursday. He was entertained,
while in Bisbee, by Mr. Tenney and
Mr. Notman of the Copper Queen.
Mr. Bruere, editor of a radical anti
German newspaper of New York City,
Astor, August j prepare for what may be the supreme Thursday night was well attended, and
ntlial. Edmund sacrifice of all human life. The wo- was enjoyed by everyone, but especi-
of 1917?
We live in an age of progress and
enlightenment, it is true, when it is
no longer the thing to worship a vin
dictive God with sacrificial fire; and
yet the veriest savage of the stone
j age, going forth with sling and stone 1 called the New Republic, is in Bisbee.
hatchet to kill tend capture, never j He was entertained by a group of his
I dreamed of such barbarism as has : personal friends Tuesday evening at
tion, as indicated by its name, is the j been practiced by the Germans of to- the Y. W. cafeteria, among them be
creation of a fund for the care of the day. ing Mr. Donaldson, who is well and
blinded soldiers of the entente. Some Our propitiatory offering to the war- favorably known in T. M. C. A. work,
of the most noted names of England god is the giving up of all that we Mr. Bruere is a brilliant speaker, and
and America appear on the list of j hold dar. The men of the nation are , will a'dress a gathering at the "Y"
officers and committees. Members o:i sacrificing home, family, personal 'oni-: Sunday evening at B o'clock,
the executive committee are George fort, career, and in the case of htm-;
Alexander Kessler, chairman; Ladyidreds of college lads, education, to A social at the Christian church
Arthur Paget, Vincent
Belmont, George Blumentl
Baylies, Hon. Thomas P. Gore, Hon.;,men are giving up sons, husbands, ally hy the school children who were
Myron T. Herrick, Otto Kahn, Sir i time, energy, and the pursuit cf per-. present.
Arthur Pearson, Whitney Warren and
Joseph Widener.
Sir Arthur Pearson, the noted pub
lisher, himself blind, writes:
"There are undoubtedly going to be
tremendous casualties in the next few
months and the British army will be
bearing the brunt of them. We are
making preparations for a very large
number of blinded soldiers and are
already at work building in the
grounds of St. Dunstan's an entirely
separate establishment, capable of ac
commodating 250 men. These, with
the corresponding additions to work
shops and class rooms, will cost about
175,000.
"1 am very happy indeed to be able
to teil your executive committee that
the men who have been trained at
ovWomms "Esq
Now that it is getting rather cool when mother used to tuck the second
motoring, especially of an evening, the reader under our arms and watch us
Bisbee woman is turning her atten-'' 8"iously out of sight, while we trot
,,. f ... . , t. . , ,'ted proudly down the road to the
tion to the top coat, that most useful i.it. fm. ,t
j school house. They are worn with the
of garments. She must choose one 8oft flowing Windsor ties which we
of a dozen beautiful materials and ; used to associate with genius and Bo
more than a dozen shades. Burella ! nemia, and which now sport ail the
coating Is a new cloth, and wool ve-i charm,nS new shades.
, , . , , J And still . Is seen with the frock of
lours is extremely popular because of. or ta'ffeta we ,. t
its warmth as well as its novelty. j filmy blouse, the flat, transparent sal
Velvet, plush and imitation seal we ; lor cellar. I saw a lovely one the
St. Dustin's and have been settled in J know and like from other years. Lamb- i other day of embroidered Georgette
their own homes, are practically with
out exception, happily and successful
ly at work."
There are over twenty institutions
for the war blinded in France and in
j Ladies! Keep It
on The Dresser
Few drops on corn or callus
stops pain, then they lift off.
Your high heels have
put corns on your toes and
calluses on your feet, but
why care now?
This tiny bottle holds an
almost magic fluid. A
genius in Cincinnati dis
covered this' ether corn-
skin, wool ratine and astrachan, also, crepe, having a scalloped edge and
we enjoyed for their warmth and are j insets of filet lace in the corners,
glad to welcome again in their new j Another was of white organdie, em
shades. Bolivia is a novel coating. broidered by hand in large violet pol-
The most striking feature of the I ka dots, and edged with cluny.
season's coat styles is the Immense! "
collar. In some models it is of self Knitting and Shopping Bags,
material with the coat, in others vel- oh. the cretonnes! They are so va-
j velvet, seal plush or fur, makes very fried in their gorgeous flowers and fig
, pleasing contrast Shoulders are nar-,ure8 and stripes that they beggar de
rower and sleeves set in snugly, so j 8crjption. One might as well try to
j that the effect is a sloping line from describe with mere words the riotous
e top of the extremely high collar I colors of an old fashioned flower gar
to the large cuff. dn. crowded with hollyhocks and lin-
The new belt Is unusually large and niag. phlox and primroses, and a hun
adorned. as are collar and cuffs like- dred other posies. What a pity that
wise, with big buttons. Some model their loveliness Is confined to knit
show the belt trimmed with bratd,!tnK bags, when we might have them
jiil
w
4I
which may be repeated around the
bottom of t)e coat. A single breasted
effect prevails in the 'early winter
styles, and the waist of the coat is
close-fitting.
There Is plenty of fulness, however.
pound and named it freez-;in tne skirt cf the coat, though per-Lilety. Some of rose or madonna
one. Small bottles of freez- j nap8 not as much a8 iaBt year-8 8tyles blne snk nave a hoop-shaped handle
one can be had at any drug j -h0wed. Brown is one of the season's of 8l,ver that fit8 on the arm. others
siore lor a iew cenis. -ev. 0Bt popular colors, and Is found lnof navT b.ue of pi
in frocks and hats and petticoats. Tn
fact they remind one of the gay looped
up drecses of Milady of the Thirteen
Colonies.
The newer shopping bags are pocket
editions of the large, puffy knitting
er limp or twist your face the fur9 as well as in manufact
ured materials. Coats of navy, taupe,
green, wine and gray are also seen,
as well as many plaid mixtures.
In pain again, but get a
bottle of freezone and ap
ply a few drops on your
ender, aching corn or cal
:us. Instantly the soreness
iisappears and shortly you
will find the corn or callus
so shriveled and loose that
you lift it off with fingers.
Just think! You get rid
of
Just Neckwear.
The daintiest ever In neck adorn
ment is the high stock collar of fold
ed net or of satin in white or black,
with a full jabot of net and lace fali-
a hard corn, soft corn i ing almost to the belt.
or a corn between the toes, as well as Severely practical to top ort the one
hardened calluses, without suffering piece street dress or the tailored suit
one particle, without the slightest irrl- are the new Buster Brown collars,
tation of the surrounding skin. Just They vary from the quaintest of point-
touch of freezone on a sore corn ed shapes to the plain round ones
jives instant relief. Adv. ' which bring back to memory too day
purple velvet ar
beaded In bright colors in some quaint
Oriental motif, and end in a long silk
tassel. Bags of seal grain and other
leathers Imitate the knitting bag In
roundness.
Novelties In Knitting.
As the war has brought the mili
tary note into the realm of fashion,
so the Red Cross work has raised
knitting to the eenith of popularity
not only for the boys in khaki, but
for the gentler sex as well. Judging
by the variety of styles and color com
binations, some one must have been
very busy inventing novelties in knlt-
1 tins all through the summer, while the
rest of us were complaining about the
heat.
Cap, scarf and sweater vie with one
another in astonishing color contrasts.
Here is a purple sweater with collar,
cuffs and belt of yellow angora. There
Is a wooly scraf picked out with black
angora, in a very effective imitation
of the rare and expensive ermine. One
cap is of green and while check bor
dered with plain green, while another
sports stripes of delft blue and white.
A sweater to suit a more sober taste
is of amethy:-., with broad collar,
cuffs, and front and pocket trimming
Has the War Cloud
price. Cheaper! Are we Americans
serving God or Mammon?
ryt T Oltls quite important if we are to;
11 .VJifCx;! 111111111 i I win this conflict that we look beyond
i money for our lodestar. If in our dayj
I of prosperity we earned for ourselves
There are times when looking over, thp of mpI.(.narv we have nnw
the latest bill for groceries,
new rise in the price rf a
sets us to romputir the Increase in
the present cost of living over that
of a year ago and we sadly remem
ber that sugar, once five cents a
i pound, is now ten; that potatoes.
ot narrow ametnysi ana nue '"Pe. whlch we forTnerly despised for their
ana it is iasienea wnn wnue crw-nri
buttons. Another sweater of dull yel
low trimmed in bright green, shows
a new sailor collar edged with heavy
yarn tassels across the back.
Seen in the Shops.
Even the bead chains show Oriental
influence. They are of many colored
beads strung at intervals on chains
of green gold. The lockets suspended
from them are large, flat pieces oi"
metal, picturing Japanese scenes or
conventional designs.
The cub reporter who visited the
hosiery department, neglected to men
tion that the latest in stripes are very
broad and run up and down. Here we
see again the same vivid contrasts oi
color that fashion hs decreed for the
winter styles.
Velvet, as well as seal, raccoon,
skunk, oppossum and squirrel are used
to trim the winter suit and top coat.
The new muff Is quite round, while
the neckpiece may be a "throw" or
a shoulder cape' with a high collar.
The loosely tied sash that was so
popular on summer frocks, appears
again on the winter dress, and on
some of the coats also.
French and Parisian .ivory toilet
sets come in a beautiful new pattern
of forget-me-nots and pink roses
is called the Betsy Ross.
, that some j onc hour of distress an opportunity
commodity; to prove ourselves able to reckon our
...... lum nAl i.i ffriltaf-a ami pantd
We cannot asK nasty or lii-consiu-ered
action on the part of the govern
ment if we expect real and permanent
benefit. We must be patient, remem
bering that "he also serves who only
stands and waits." Undoubtedly the
investigation of food prices started bv
our fnt ranee into the war will lead
to a reform more far-reaching than
we can now, even in our most hope
ful moments, realize.
mrrm i ' . j mat
J"t COLO I
A Wifeto"Her'
S Soldier Husband
'Stincfivt Beverafcs
r. w i
tot 'jmVfVTSi.5 .
very cheapness, now are classed ns;
luxuries; while milk has doubled in!
cost if not in value. Then we com
pare our husband's present Income to(
that of previous years and find that,-
while it has increased considerably,
still, owing to the increase in our
needs as well as to the hiaher cost
of necessities, the problem of making
both ends meet is very discouraging.
Of course, the immediate result of
this little example in proportion is j Dear Daddy:
an enforced economy that is makir.gj The kiddies have been leasing me to ,
itself felt all over the nation. Let j Bit dow n and write their "dear daddy j
those who can afford it, feel the sat-t soldier boy" as they call you. all about
isfaction of obeying voluntarily the in-1 the circus. We went to Warren this !
junctions of the food commission. For afternoon and saw the circus, because;
the majority of us, it has not beem I wanted Betty and Kewpie to see the!
necessary to tell us to substitute the j elephants. Do you remember the cir-j
cheaper shortenings for butter in cook-1 cus we saw on our honeymVon? What'
ing, and with some of us a meatless !a couple of kids we were then!
Tuesdav. as well as other meatless: As we came down the canyon, the:
week-days, were an actual necessity ; children looked out of the car window. !CVJpn VOU fed tll6 need
York dis- and kept asking where the elephants;. PTM1ar!iHn bever-
f surprised to i . " . ' .
overtake the end of the parade before j 4ge arin Amurusu.
we got to Johnson addition. We heard . -,-:
long before fashionable New
A collar and cuff set of white flan
nel pinked around the edge, is used
on a dress of navy serge.
shell fish one day in seven. Not liv
ing near the coast, we even elimin
ated the shell fish. : the weird music of the calliope above
The indirect result of such economy the noise of the autos which were J0 ty- y0r. are thlTSty Or
-hiii onfnrfoit nr tmiuntiirtr la thn ' lammed alone the road, and then a:.. i . i - -t
" - v . ....v. v. .v. ....... -" - ,-f ctmr-tltT gl tj i -
satisfaction of doing one's little best : cry of delight and astonishment from """r'J
to heln conserve the food suodIv. When Betty informed the whole car that we
we read of the starving hordes of Eu- had caught up with the camels. I re-i
rope, we are anxious to make any sa?-1 member how you used to like to hear
rifice required of us, knowing that the caihove.
even the most trivial will help in some u wa3 the bab' camel that lntere3t"
Itlway. and surely in comparison with j ea Kewpie. mil ne s-oon lorgoi i neu.
their condition, our own is almost lux- w came UP lo ln zeDraH- aa" ,alBr lu
urou I a wagon drawn by two baby elephants, j
ine cniiuren uiu noi bi an citntru o
They seemed
All the shades of red from scarlet
to cerise are popular in the velvet hat.
Cold weather middy blouses appear
in serge and flannel, bright red and
blue being the favored colors.
Skirts of plain color or of contrast
ing vertical stripes are shown to
match the colors of the ever-useful
sweater.
ft" 1
Distinc"fiveBevrafy2
Trirmip-h fiarrlflno anrl aplf-ripnlnl
tL- f t, , io-,.nin:I thought they would.
.h len f tnfinW nntien nt ,0 t8ke th Mimal for granted, just
v. .nH nr rm.h tn th i.Im-. rt. ' they d id their first Christmas tree-
t ui-hf . J'"t as a matter of course.
The efforts of the government to-, ,."..!.. "., fT.TR AT. CONSUMERS COMPANY
u lew liiuiuitra i iiuuui buiiic I'tuiiiu i v-- - -
V UJUHIJUUMfJ 0 J
i nTTicvrt t e rFvrnrxY
- . . . 1 V . I. - . I . r. fcMt i
inai Hianu. 1 im'uiii mm a
At hotel, restaurants, drag sterM.
grocery .tor, fountains and
wherever beverages are solfi
Order it by the ctM frm yoar dealer
ward preserving a proper balance be- . , , , ,. , . i
. . . . 1 out the window from the man who has
tween wages ana iooa prices are very . , . . . ..,,,,, t.nt ,!
encouraging in spite of the deterro-, hmt feftdin pPanuts to the ele- MYERS. DARLING & HILTON
luru utiuuaiLiuii ui laimcia ill Lrj iaLii . ... . . , . ... . . . -
mid-western localities. The wheels of;'
government grind slowly, but we may
rest assured that when our govern
ment has once started a movement in
, ; phants was like Hamlet without the
! ghost, but alas the elephants were rot'
destined to get many of th'jse peanuts. I
: because there were none left when we ,
got off the car a Warren, and the ;
1 children were so thirsty that we stop-;
ped at a stand near the park, and had :
some pop.
We got into the animal tent at last.
CO..
Wholesale Distributors.
'mm firsfeJ mScHim
cmr.
endured, and we try to keep smiling.
Now I'm fcrggetting again.
With love from us all. ALICE.
a certain direction it will not cease ,
to progress until it has attained the
Women's "trench" vests are new ac- desired goal.
cessories and are to be worn under We have beea promised a reduction ;
coat or suit, iney are tor country in the price or sucii commodities 33!an(i hid a lot of fun looking at the
or service wear and also give a touch flour, sugar, coal, kerosene, etc. Let epnhants and seals and kangaroos.; -
of smartness to street attire, as welljus not be discouraged if the imme- n(1 if0TIS .before we finally found us a : RUMMAGE SALE A SUCCESS
as additional warmth. Many colors i diate results have not been as favor- eat Qf courie the children were' The first day of the rummage sale,
are represented, including navy or able as we had been led to expect. RWfnv tired and Ken-pie was bound held for the benefit of the Permanent
Rome was not built in a day. Thelto C;rab into my lap and go to sleep. Blind relief fund, in the old city bak
law for the abolition of child labor ; an(j j dia wish that their big strong 1 ery. above Ancius' was an enr.ire suc
was under discussion for several years i (faddy was there to hold him. But 1 1 cess. A great many useful and orna
before it was finally passed. The gov-! mustn't say tha because I want to : mental contributions have been receiv
emment. in pursual of its plans for!cheer you up. and I've probobly only I ed, and all are marked at extremely
doing away with disproportionate pro- succeeded in making you homesick. low prices. Four ladies are to have
fits and establishing balanced prices, I j (jon't believe the kiddies will ever charge in the morning and four in the
has to contend with the inordinate de-!foriret afc'iut the monkeys and clowns, afternoon. The sale is to last part or
mand from abroad for our foodstuffs ' when we Rot home BettT wanted to all of next week, according fj th
and the inadequate supply. This in- know who that man was with the white.-amoun'. contributed. Among the la
verse ratio of supply and demand in- face, meaning of course, a clown. dies who assisted in selline. yesterday,
evitably results in inflated prices.) Bisbee seems different somehow. were Mesdames High. Perry. Sherman
Other drawbacks have beer, the wide-' since you and the other boys went' and Miss Moyer. Sales approximated
spread strikes and the scarcity of away. I am glad that the training Is $12. Anyone who desires to assist the
skilled labor, owing to the selective doing you good. We are d'jing every-: splendid work of raising money for this
draft, as well as the attitude of the : thing here that we can to make things ; fund is requested to bring articles of
wheat growers who fed their wheat pleasant for you boys in camp. That clothing and house furnishing, and jarn.
to the hogs, saying that it was cheaper is about all we women talk about, war . jelly, etc., to the sales room or to call
than selling it at the government work. It is terrible but it has to be , 18, and the article will be sent for.
Copenhagen blue, mouse, gray, beige,
khaki and trench brown.
For Our Boys
Almost every woman in Bisbee has
either a son or a brother in one of
the training camps or in France, and
it goes w;thout saying that these boys
are looking eagerly forward to a
Thanksgiving and a Christmas box
from home. If you are planning to
send your soldier boy something good
to eat, you will want to know what
will keep best and how it should be
packed. Perhaps the following re
cipes and suggestions will help you,
since these recipes were collected pur
posely for those planning boxes for
soldiers. The baked chicken packing
was suggested by Serg. MaJ. A. S.
Kirkwood, of the British-Canadian Re
cruiting Mission, who vouches for its
absolute success. In fact, he declares
chicken packed by this method would
still be good after a journey around
the world:
Nut Cookies a la American 1 scant
cup of butter, IV. cups sugar, 3 cups
flour, IVt cups seedless raisins, 3 eggs,
1 cup walnuts, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 1
teaspoon cloves, 1 teaspoon baking
powder, 1 teaspoons soda. In Vi
cup warm water. Salt and drop In
buttered tins.
Pershing Nut Bread 3 cups graham
flour, 1 cup molasses, 2 cups sour milk,
1 teaspoon soda, 1 teaspoon salt. Stir
all together well and bake two hours
in slow oven.
Butter Scotch 1 cup molasses, 1 cup
brown sugar, M cup butter. A pinch
of soda and boil until brittle.
Baked Chicken Packing Use per
fectly fresh chicken and stuff well with
a moist dressing, well seasoned. Sew
all openings securely. Bake until well
done, then thoroughly cool and sew
carefully in cheesecloth. Dip Into hot
paraffin until a thickness of one-half
inch adheres to the cheesecloth cover
ing. Pack securely in box with two
pairs of woolen socks and send to
your hero in France.
IL WA TER
Hi HEATING
:-. ; VN--ft !-.rJ
' tjt n j
Mrs. Smith Recommends Chamber
lain's Tablets.
"I have had omre or less stomach
trouble for eight tor ten years," writes
Mrs. G. H. Smith, Brewerton, N. Y.
"When suffering from attacks of indi
gestion and heaviness after eating, one
or two of Chamberlain's Tablets have
always relieved me. I have also found
them a pleasant laxatiev." These tab
lets tone up the stomach and enable it
to perform its functions naturally. If
you are troubled with indigestron give
(hem a trial, get well and stay well.
Advertisement.
REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS
I
The process of heating water for domestic purposes has been rev
olutionized in the past few years through the introduction and
perfection of gas fired water heaters, until today it is no longer a
a problem to secure an abundance of hot water quickly and econo
mically, in any dwelling, large or small
Today, in the countless thousands of homes where gas fired water healers are in
stalled, an abundance of hot water is available for any purpose- By some types of heat
ers the water is heated instantly at the turn of a faucet, by others, within a few min
utes after lighting the heaters, and all without labor, inconvenience or discomfort, ind
at a reasonable cost for gas.
LET US SHOW YOU
Bisbee Improvement Co. FOUR
THE BiSBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, OCTOBER 28, 1917.
What the New Revenue Bill Means to Everyone
Every man, woman and child in the
United States is affected by the new
revenue bill, man sections of which
go into effect in a few days. In or
der to give intelligent information
about this all-important measure. The
Review has secured the following di
gest of the lengthy bill, through the
courtesy of Congressman Carl Hay
den. Individual Income Tax.
Normal Tax: The normal tax of 2
per cent is doubled for citizens and
residents of the United States and as
to the additional 2 per cent the per
sonal exemptions are $2,000 and $1,000
respectively for single and married
persons, with $200 additional exemp
tion for each dependent child; this
exemption on account of dependent
children is also allowed In connection
with the exemptions of $3,000 and
$4,000 for the existing normal tax.
Returns of net income are required
of single persons who have $1,000 and
married persons who have $2,000.
Additional Taxes: Surtaxes, addi
tional to those already in existence,
begin with 1 per cent on net incomes
between $5,000 and $7,500, Increase
by 1 per cent by steps fixed in exist
ing law to 5 per cent on $15,000-$20,-000
by 3 per cent from 820,000-160,000,
by 4 per cent from $60,000 to $150,000,
are 25 per cent on $150,000-1200.000,
30 per cent on $150,000. 34 per cent
on $250,000 to $300,000, 37 per cent
on $300,000 to $500,000, 40 per cent
on $500,000-$750,000, 45 per cent on
$750,000-$1000.000, and 50 per cent on
net income in excess of $1,000,000.
Information at Source: For the
witholding at source now in effect, in
formation at source will be substi
tuted after January 1, 1918, except as
to income of non-resident aliens and
from bonds containing tax-free cove
nants. Returns would be required
from all persons, firms and corpora
tions making payment to another per
son or corporation of any fixed or
determinable gains, profits or income
except dividends and receipts
through brokers doing business on an
exchange of $800 or more a year.
Returns are to be made of the fact of
payment, giving name and address of
recipient. Corporations are to give
information regarding all payment -of
dividends. Brokers doing business on
exchanges are to give information re
garding profits and losses of custo
mers. Alterations in Law: Changes made
in the present law under which indi
vidual income tax is collected include:
non-resident aliens are not allowed
personal exemptions from tax; divi
dends received from earnings made be
fore March 1, 1913, would not be taxed,
provided distribution of dividends
earned since March 1, 1913, has been
made. Dividends paid in 1917 or sub
sequent years would be considered in
come for the year in which received;
they are to be deemed paid from the
most recently accumulated surplus and
taxed to the distributee at the rates in
force for the years when accumulated.
Interest and excess profits taxes and
the interest upon money borrowed to
invest in tax-free securities may not
be deducted from net income, but in
assessing income tax net income might
be credited with war profits taxes as
sessed in the same calendar year. If
a partnership uaes a fiscal year dif
ferent from the year before and after
January 1. 1917, and the parts subject
ed to taxes at the rate of the differ
ent years. Gifts made within the year
to charitable institutions might be de
ducted from net income if not in ex
cess of 15 per cent thereof, under reg
ulations by the commissioner o fin
ternal revenue.
Corporation Income Tax.
A new tax of 4 per cent is imposed
upon the net income of corporations,
, making the combined existing and new
taxes equal 6 per cent.
Surplus Tax: Moreover, a tax of 10
per cent is imposed upon the net in
come which remains undistributed at
the end of 6 months after the calendar
or fiscal year, with exemption, how
ever, for any amount actually invested
and employed in the business or in
vested in obligations of the U. S. is
sued after September 1, 1917. If the
secretary of the treasury found that
an amount kept was not so employed
for the business, the tax would be 13
per cent.
Alterations in Law: Changes pro
posed in the law include: Income may
be credited with dividends of other
taxable corporations, stock dividends
received are to tx considered income
at their cash value; dividends received
from earnings made during 1917 and
subsequent years would be taxable at
the rate in effect in the year when
earned. Dividends or surplus accrued
prior to March 1, 1913. would not be
eubiect to tax under the bill, and
might be distributed without tax after
distribution of profits accrued since
March 1, 1913, has been made; income
taxes and war profits taxes paid in
the vear. and interest on indebtedness
incurred to purchase tax-free obliga
tions, may not be deducted; before the
income tax is computed war-profits
taxes assessed for the same year may
be deducted from the net income; in
come of foreign governments and In
terest on their deposits in banks in
IT. S. is exempt from taxation.
All of the laxes mentioned above
apply fir6t to the calendar year of
.1917.
Wjr Profits Tax,
Graduated taxes are levied upon
current net promts obtained by 1tidl
vidualo, parmerj-hirs sod corporations
' at a rate in excess of the rate in the
, pre-war period. The rates begin with
j 20 per cent of the income in excess
i of the deduction allowed (see below)
i and not in excess of 15 per cent on the
; invested capital for the taxable year,
25 per cent of the net Income in ex-
cess of 15 per cent and not in excess,
of 25 per cent, 45 per cent on excess
of 25 per cent and not in excess of
33 per cent, and 60 per cent on ex
cess of 33 per cent
Ascertainment of Tax: From the
earnings upon the invested capital
during the taxable year there would
be deducted an amount equal to the
same percentage as the average earn
ings npon the invested capital during
the pre-war period (1911, 1912, 1913),
but not more than 9 per cent, with an
additional allowance of $6,000 in the
case of individuals or partnerships
and $3,000 in the case of corporations.
Non-resident aliens, foreign partner-
ships and foreign corporations would
not be allowed the exemption of $6,000
and $3,000 respectively. Where a cor
poration partnership or individual was
not engaged in business during any
year of the pre-war period there would
be a deduction of 8 per cent on invest
ed capital for the taxable year plus
$3,000 or $6,000, as the case might be.
Where current Income is less than 7
per cent there would be no tax. If;
tne secretary or tne treasury nas j
that a business was not conducted dur-
. ... i
Kina mignt De taken as a Dasis ror'
assessing taxes. j
Net Income in 1911 and 1912 would:
be ascertained according to the
poration tax law of 1909 and for 1913
acraritinr to thp income tovoa naiit
during the year and deducting amount j
reoetved aa dividends from otJior nnr.l
r ;
mg we pre-war penoa or mat me rate , section of the bill Denalties i V " u'u De exemDt n Jra lax un" which are assigned to clearing houses
of average income was low as com- of Uou ol ' u der Title of the act of September 8. ' 8imiIar orKanizations for the pur.
pared with similar businesses, the n-! ' Vh Jhl ZZlZ'-- Vernal benefit societies L()8e or adju8tlnK or IlqnldaUn
received as dividends from other cor-jor
porations. Net incomes for the tax-,Dy the person t0 whora the good are
able year wouldTe ascertained accord- deHvered by order of the court Per
ing to the law of September. 1916. In- 80ns acquiring spirits In this way
vesteJ capital for the purposes of the would be permitted an exemption of 50
tax would not include stocks or bonds, J gallons.
except obligations of the United j Cigars, Cigarettet and Tobacco.
States, nor money or other property! in addition to the taxes now in ef
borrowed. In the case of a corporation feet the bill imposes the following tax
it would include actual cash paid in, ; es on cigars, cigarettes, tobacco and
cash value of tangibles represented by snuff: on cigars weighing less than 3
shares of stock if acquired prior to pounds per thousand, 25 cents per
January 1 1914, then as or their value i thousand. On cigars weighing more
at that date but not to exceed par; than 3 pounds per thousand the tax
value, and surplus and undivided prof- j would vary according to the retail
its used or employed in the business price. Thus, on cigars retailing a: 4
except those earned during the tax-i to 7 cents each, the tax would be $1.00
able year. Patents and copyrights 1 per thousand; 7 to 15 cents, $3 per
paid for in stock might be included as j thousand; 15 to 20 cents, $5 per thous
invested capital, but not at a figure to and; and more than 20 cents, $7.
exceed their par value at the time ot;
acquisition; good will, trademarks,
brands, franchises and other tangibles
might, be included if paid for in cash,
at an amount not greater than the
sum paid for them originally. When
acquired prior to March 3, 1917, and
represented by stock they might not
represent more than 20 per cent of the
invested capital. In the case of an !
individual inves'ted capital would rep
resent actual cash paid in, actual cash
value of tangible property other than
cash, cash value of patents, copyrights,
good will, etc.. as of the time ac
quired. If a business existent during the pre
war period has since been reorgan
ized, but is substantially a continua
t w -.111 ... . .' . !
fie , , " - . "land would be required to put up their;
llUUi 11 V IIS UBC IUI Ulllf 11IK IS I. llr!llU('
isvwo m. "ic-woi 'ili auu coiiiiugsi
changes of ownership since March 3,
1917. involving a trnRferfWRth.n !
50 per cent of ownership it would be" "c ""'"""-lover
forbidden to transfer assets at a value! in exces8 of one hundred pounds, or
greater than would be allowed under upo" c,Rrs 'r s " f uf
the definitions in this title, except
when actually paid for in cash. A
business with no invested capital, or
with nominal capital, would pay 8
per cent of current earnings after a
deduction of $3000 if a domestic cor
poration and $6000 if a citizen, resi
dent or domestic partnership.
The tax on manufacturers of mu-
nitions as defined in section 301' cf
of act of September 8, 1916. would be'
reduced to 10 per cent.
The 10 per
cent tax would cease to be effective'
after January 1, 1918. The excess
profits tax of March 3, 1917, is re
pealed. Porto Rico and Philippines.
The provisions of the bill regarding
income tax do not apply to Porto Rico
or the Philippines but the legislatures
of these islands are authorized to deal
with their income tax laws.
Beverages.
Effective upon the enactment of the
bill the following taxes are provided,
additional as to articles already taxed:
on distilled spirits held in bond or by
retailers in exces of 50 gallons, $1.10
per gallon $2.10 if used for beverage
purposes or in the manufacture of ar i
tides intended for beverage purposes, :
with an additional tax of 15 cents
per proof gallon on such spirits (ex -
sv ., i
LC,.iS.u, wUen rwuueo, punoea or w,
fined (cordials or liqueurs, blends of
wine when for purpose
them according to com
ards, or of straight wh
not less man 4 years ana wit sou tne . woula Ilto b(. vaij,i for passage until
addition of coloring matter and not re-llax na() h(M.n ,,aj,. o rates paid for
duced below 90 proof would be ex-! transportation f oil by pipe line the
empt); on beer, lager, ale, porter andjtax per cent: on telephone, -tele-other
fermented liquors containing graph or wireless messages, original
more than one-half per cent of alcohol, (nn within the I'nited States, w her
$1.50 per barrel of 31 gallons; on still toll is more than 15 cents.. 5 cents,
wines (including vermuth, champagne cbarye to cover eiice over all con
and Wher bparkling wines), liquers, ! uecting lines used in liansnision of
cordials, artificial wines or compounds
sold aa win, a ta eVil to tut
Imposed by law. The tax Imposed by
the bill would also apply to stocks in
excess of 25 gallons on which tax has
already been paid. On grape brandy
or wine spirits withdrawn from any
fruit distillery tor warehouse, a tax
equal to double the tax now imposed
0n sweet wine, 10 cents per prooi gai-
ion, or grape brandy content, and on
grape brandy or wine spirits with
drawn for fortifying purposes prior to
bill and tot so used. 20
cents per proof gallon; upon syrups or
extracts used in the manufacture of
soft drinks, 5 cents per gallon is sold
for $130 or less, 8 cents if sold at $1.30
to $2, and up to 20 cents where sold for
more than $4 per gallfan. On unfer
mented grape juice, artificial mineral
waters not carbonated, fermented llp
uors containing less than one-half per
cent alcohol, ginger ale, root beer, etc.,
sold in closed containers, 1 cent per
gallon; natural mineral or table wat
j era sold by producer at more than 10
j cents pergalfcm, 1 cent per gallon; car-
bonic acid gas in drums, 5 cents per
pound, to be paid by the purchaser to
the vender and returned to the collec
tor of internal revenue. The importa
tion of distilled spirits produced after
the enactment of the bill from any for
eign country is forbidden. This would
tnMtTZmr
" .
pro,aucw, oi inose isianas.
ltip Lax evaded or nroviueu
. . A. 1 J J
, ... . 4.
Uer this ection of the bill the
. ... . . . ,kl.
cor-irUUM "V .r. .u . . .
V" ...; "i
... . .. ...
sessment or tax. in tne ocase ol dls-
tffled spiritfi ,n the custody of a M
... ... ... . . !
hanUrllntl.v. thB t8, wnllld hp naid
The commissioner of Internal reve-
nue is also authorized to require man
ufacturers and importers of cigars to
label boxes to indicate by letter the
clause in the section under which the
tax upon the cigars has been paid
e. g., cigars retailing at more than 20
cents each and paying tax of $7 per
thousand would show on label refer-
ence to subsec:fon (e) Title IV. This J
reference would have to correspoud
with tax paid internal revenue stamps
on box.
On cigarettes weighing not more than
3 pounds per thousand there would be
a tax
ing
thousand
tes
not more than three Dounds Der ihous-'
" -
- - -
, preset lax on louacco a..u ,1Uu
la creased 5 cents per pound-made
n, . . 1 ,
,.,.. .,,! ,.j
I"""" , " "'K. . , . , ,T !
actment of the bill into law, there
I would be an additional tax of one-half
the tar imnnsed hv this sef-'Jon nf the
bill. On cigareue papers or tubes i
there would be a tax ranging from one-1
half cen on b'ooks of 50 papers or less
to 1 cent for each 100 papers. On tubes '
2 cents for each 100. The taxes im-'
nc imrfor tht- titio f tho i.iii ivmitii 1
Decome effective 30 days after the pass-1
. fH . ,
p,,hiir ntititin l
The following taxes would be im-
posed upon facilities furnished by pub-
lie utility corporations; fcu freight
rates charged by railroads, 3 per cen :,
on rates charged by express companies
l.cent each for each 20 cents or frac
tion, includiug also any sums paid for
water transportation operated in com
petition with carriers by rail or water;
on passenger tickets. 8 per cent (in
cluding trant-portation by regularly i s
tablished water lines) (not to'a4ply
on commutation or season tickets for
trips less than 30 miles, or when fare
in less than 35 cell's); or parlor car,
stateroom and sleeping car ticket, 10
per cent. In the case of niiicage
befoks purchased before (lie bill is en-
acted the tax proposed would be col-
letted by conductor or other agent of
the railroad when offered as fare and
would hIhd hdi.Iv on cash fares naid to
. -. "...
. . or violation oi any ui me uruvin-i , ,. ,
f 7"i PniC nr thousand r.i(xh. ' . . 1'" -"'J "" " Oil o.
more than 3 nounds. S1.20 ner . " . 'w "PP'.v on . per cent on
. Manufacturers of ciearet-1 ! " ? - """" ana i Px
. j- it 1 v - 1 ""'""ft u"oi riuic iuuu iLMis net i LOU tHMP Thp tar u
fincludine: small cizarfi) weichinffi ..-. . . . me ihx
m' b,efUVf li" "her t!.an mileage bo'oks.
se of perfecting1 usd bof()re
,.,mercial stand-, of he a(.t cTettjvt,
iiskicsaged for ' wlele ,(ou(.ljt and mu us(!ll lllov
conuiUVJr. i ax wumu ui ni'pij iu:
messages
All -t A iore,u.n, i.w, vmlU-be
paid by the person paying for the ser-
vice. Carriers transporting commodi-,
ties owned by them, but not necessary;
for their own use their business, !
would be required to pay tax at tariff
rates ana in tne case m earners noi
having tariffs on eie wi:h proper fed-
ul"" " UU1U "cjioans exclusively to members, mutual
based upon value received for like ser
vice by other carriers.
Tnere are in the bill enumerated
specific instances in which this tax for
transportation would not 'apply; (1)
linnn pnmtimfli roe ntifpcaarv 1'irtho tit. A
of a carrier in conducting its business ! mn cf mo- UP" the amount se"
and (2) upon material transported by cured- regardless of the penalty); par
one carrier (being part of a railroad , cel Pst Phages on which the post
system) for another, the latter also ae amounts to 25c or more, 1 cent
being part of the same system. fcr each 25 cents or fraction of post-
The taxes imposed under this section I ae tax to e Prepaid by sender; in
of the bill would become effective Vj-' demnity and surety bonds, 50c (where
vember 1, 1917. ( premium is charged the tax would be
Insurance. 1 P1- cent of such premium); certifl-
Effective November 1. 1917, the bill cates of stock, on original issue, 5c
proposes the following taxes on the is- fcr each $100 (where issued without
suance or renewal of insurance poli-: face value, 5c per share, unless ac
cies; for life insurance 8 cents for each i tual value is In excess of $100, then
$100 of insurance, (on policies of less as above); sales or transfers of stock,
than $500 issued on the weekly pay- 2c for each $100 of value; (not to ap
ment plan the tax wjuld be 40 per cent . ply on stocks deposited as collateral to
of first weekly premium); on marine. . si cure loans, delivered to a broker for
inland and fire insurance, the tax
would be 1 cent on each dollar of pre
mium charged, and on casualty insur-
in the tase of indemnity bonds
, taxea under another title.) i-oliciesjon contracts or agreeemets of sale
of re insurance of all the foregoing I llnnn whirh tr baa heen naiH and
i uumpanies operated ior me oen
j member8 and without profit etc
companies operated for the benefit of
! tn a'l of
On all of the forefcoing taxes, month -
. . T , . .
I 'y returns wou,d be required under
ath fjr purpose of assessing tax due
reiurn
ns as to insurance companies
"'e Wltllln the fir8t
OdJS OI llie momn.
War Excise Taxes Manufactures.
On the articles enumerated below
the bill imposes the following excise
taxes, to be assessed against the saleion "mounts in excess of $500; with-i
proce of the manufacturer or import-1 arawal entries, 50c; passage tickets
er: au.omobiles, trucks, autonjbile j c' steamers to foreign ports. $1 (if
wagons, and motorcycles, 3 per cent; costing less than $30). $3 ($30 to
piano players, graphophones, phono-1 f co and $5 (over $60); tickets cost
graphs, victrolas. records, 3 per cent; inS less than $10 exempt; proxies for
moving pitcure films (not exposed) 1-4 I voting at meetings of corporations ex-
cent per linear foot; ready for projec
tion, 1-2 cent per linear foot; jewelry,
real or imitation, 3 per cent; sporting
goods (except playing cards and chil-
dren's toys and games) 3 per cent; per-i
fumes, essences, cosmetics, etc., 2 per
cent; proprietary compounds pills, '
tablets, troches, ointments, etc. (ex
cept where taxed under the soft-drink
paragraph), 2 per cent; chewing gum,
2 per cent; cameras, 3, per cent On
st'jcks of manufacturers, wholesalers
and jobbers (who are not retailers) on
hand on the day the bill becomes law,
the tax would be one-half of that prov
ided in the bill. This proviso would
not apply to moving picture 'films. i
On conditional sales made prior ij
May 9, 1917. i. e., sales where the
vender retaing J ,
security for the purchase price, the tax i
would not apply.
i Yachts and motor bqats: An annual
excise tax, effective upon the enact- i
.
retiKir ami mmit rtnir -ik h i
. ' .' , :
t'llK llfN nil! CtVIll UI lOIV IaH r -w
vi udiiuiicti ueicns
e, or no: Duilt in ac -
annroved 31 t ho nuir .1.,,.., n, 1
, the followi rateii: .jver 5 net tons :
,and , , ' " J " ;
, , - 9J ' ... ucuaitmruk Bl
"
all, 50 cents per foot; over 50
ept and not oyer
j over 100 feet. $2 per foot. For motor
b"a's with fixed engines of n'ot over
5 tons net register Uie tax would be $5. 1
Tax On Admissions and Dues.
Effective November 1. 1917, the bill 1
tax 01 1 cent ior eacn lu
cents or fraction of admission charged
7 theatres moving pocture mouses
tere the charge for admission is
moT t1,an 5 cents) and cabareta. the
tax to De Paifl " the person paying for
.the admission. Deadhead admissions
(except bona fide municipal omccrs on
h"'"ess. employes and children under
12 ears 1 c, n!- for ea(,h 1 ents of
a""'i.m ordinarily charged. The
tax would not apply to admissions
charged by religious, educational and
similar performances, the proceeds of
which are devoted to charitable pur
poses, nor agricultural fairs when the
profits derived therefrom are not dis
tributed among the stockholders. On
boxes, sea .s, etc., at theatres 'or operas
permanently held by per.-ous, tho tax
would be V' per tent of the price for
which such seat would sell at auy per
formance. Dues: After November 1, 1917, there
would be a tax of 10 per cent on any
amount paid as dues (including initia
tion fees) to any social, athletic or
tlor:ing club or organization, where
the dues are over $12 per year. Krator -
im! benefit societies, associations, etc..
otmratiiii: on the lotlw nlan ati.l nr.,
Mding sick. life, accident, or other
benefits would be exempt from this
tax.
The persons, corporations, etc.. re -
- 7
cching the admissions, dues, o c. mo -
I vidud by this title of the bill would he 1
required to make returns for the pur-:
1 pose of the tax. Such returns would
! be made monthly under regulations!
provided by the secretary of internal
revenue.
Stamp Taxes
S. hedulc A: Stamp, either printed
in tbe paper or adhesive, to be can
,!! .1 t tbf u-r v ritioi or Uwpi.i0-i
ment of Iho hill unH , ., . i.t.1,, T , , 1 . , i it, tn r a r
' " ' Hill IS . n Pil Uliro hriale r -.- K,,n n rt, .11 sisi -t t i
on the face his initials and the date,
are required as follows: On bonds
(except bonds of the United States,
anv foreign government, state or mu-
nicipality exercising the taxing power,!
ol 8toCks and bonds of co-operative
building and loan associations making,
ditch or irrigating companies), deben
tures or certificates of indebtedness,
5c for each $100 of value renewals to
be taxed as a new issue (in the case
of a bond conditioned for the repay-
sale, or transfers by a broker to a
customer for whom he has purchas
ed); sales of produce on exchanges,
boards of trade, etc., for future de-
j U very. 2c for each $100 (not to apply
ronntsi ! drafts, nroniisaorv notps at-
' . . t fMl . . . .v.Wa
u - n - . '
i$I00 (to apply on renewals); convey
ances, 50c on $100 to $500 of valuo
cenveyed exclusive of liens remaining
at the time of sale, and for each ad
ditional $500, 50c (tax would not ap
r'y on mortgages), custom house en
tries, 25c on $100 or less, on more:
than $100 and not exceeding $300. $1
ccpt religious, charitable, fraternal,
educational or literary societies) 10c;
power of attorney. 25c (not to apply
on papers necessary for collection of
pensions, bounties, etc.); playing
cards 5c per pack in addition to tax
now imDosed.
These taxes would become effective
December 1, 1917.
The increases in addition to the
taxes now imposed (I. e., with the ex
emption continued at 50,000 ( as at
present under the act of September 8.
1016.) the bill proposes taxes as fol
lows:
i"ws: ? per cent when amount does
DOt exceed $50,000. 1 per cent on $50.
c" to $150,000, lft per cent on $150.-
0fi( to $230,000, 2 per cent on $250,000
to ?430 noo. 2 per cent on $450,000 to!
$1,000,000, 3 per cent on $1,000,000 tot
$2,000,000. 3V4 per cent on $2,000.0000;
4 per cent on $3,000,000 to $4,000,000.1
4 per cent on $4,000,000 to $5,000,-1
000,000 to $8,000.-'
8.000.000 to $10,-1
cent on over $10,-1
ould not apply on'
j.ransiers ot estates 01 decedents ny-
. . . . .
ing wnne in tne military service of tne
. .. . .
'i - nitcd .jtu n.ir,. .
a year
f ,. T ,..,-i , i :
. ,S , , T
traded in the service of the armed
juries or diseasei con-
ItnrnoR tho I'nitoH
forces of the United.
Postal Rates
Effective 30 days after the passage.!
of the bill, the rate on letters (ex-
r,!Pt ,ocaI' or droD letters) would '
be increased 1 cent for each ounce
or fraction. The rate on postal cards
and private mailing cards would also
1 be increased 1 cent L e., from 1
cent to 2 cents. Letters written and.
mailed by members of the armed'
forces of a foreign country, during
the war, would be transmitted free'
cf postage subject to such regulations!
as the postmaster general might fix.:
Second Class Rates: As now pro
poned in the bill there would be no
change in these rates until July l.i
1918. On and after that rate mail
matter of this class when mailed by'
the publisher would pay postage on
two different bases. (1) reading mat-1
ter. and (2) advertisements. The
rates would apply on matter mailed'
ry a publisher through a posoffflce,
by a news agent by actual subscilp
ers, or to other neus agents for sale.!
Where mailings of sample copies x
eed 10 per cent of weight of copies!
mailed during the calendar year they
would bo subject to the rates pro
Ivided by tbe bill.
I On matter other than advertising.
! from July 1. 1918. to July 1. 1919. the
! , l""u " te"18 per pouna-
i.it-iT-niir-r 1 -i iv'iiib. ,
On advertising matter the rates
I
; ''
i ' '?
1 " r,,'l. of
would be based upon tho zone sys-i
in use for tho parcel post.
liding scale ranging over a.
years, the maximum rates
'. beconunK effective afer July 21. 1921.
follows:
.J"'.v 1. 191S 19. rones 1 and 2. -tc;
J,pe 3- l'i -. zone 4.2 cents;' zone 5.
2' (c: zone 6. 2'ic; zone 7. 3c; zone 8.
1 3'ic.
! July 1. 191S lit. zone 1 and
! zone :t. 2c: zone 4. .V; zone
! zone fi. Ic; zone 7. 5c; one S.
' July 1 1920-21. zones 1 and
2. l'c:
!. 3Uc;
5Uc.
2. lc;
zone 6, 5Hc; zone 7, 7c; zone 8, 7c.
After July 1. 1921. zones 1 and 2. 2c;
zone 3, 3c; zone 4, 5c; zone 5. 6c; zone
6. 7c; zone 7, 9c; zone 8, 10c.
These zone rates would apply to
the entire bulk, mailed to any one
zone and not to Indivldaul packages.
A copy of each publication would
have to be filed with postmaster
general with the first mailing of each
issue, together with Buch, Information
as may be required for the purpose
of determining postage. On daily
newspapers deposited in a letter car
rier office for delivery, on matter in
volving free circulation and on matter
circulating within county where pub
lished there would be no change in
rates. The postmaster general might
also require publishers to make up
scond class matter to zones before
mailing.
As ot newspapers and periodicals
entitled to be en'ered as second
class matter, maintained in the in
terest of religious, educational, scien
tific, agricultural and similar organi
zations, not organized for profit and
no part of whose income inures to
the benefit of any private stockholder
or individual, the rates would be lc
per pound after July 1, 1918, and until
July 1, 1919. and l'4c thereafter.
When deposited in a letter carrier
office for delivery by Ks carriers the
rates now in effect would apply.
On or before the 10th of each
month the postniaster general would
pay into the treasury an amount
equal to the difference between the
estimated receipts during the preced
ing month on first-class mail and the
estimated receipts under the existing
law.
General Provisions
On income and excess profits taxes
the secretary of the treasury might,
under appropriate regulations, permit
payments in advance In installments
or In the whole of any amount due.
provided that the sum due Is entirely
paid within the time now fixed by
law for its payment. Such install
ments could not be less than one
fourth of estimated tax paid within
30 days after the close of the taxable
year, of one-half within two months,
and three-fourths within four months.
On such payments interest at not
BOMBS DROPPED.
(By Review Leased wire).
LONDON. Oct. 27 Six tons of
bombs were dropped by British avia-i
tors on the Burbach works west tf
Saarbrucken, Rhenish Prussia, Wed
nesday night says a British official
aviation communication issued tonight.
The communication adds that four hos
tile airdromes also were attacked; forty-five
heavy bombs having been dip
ped and that dirtct hits were obtained
on a group of hangars.
Money
WATCHES, DIAMONDS, JEWELRY
OR WHAT HAVE YOUT
Special Sale Unredeemed Watches and Diamonds.
17 Jewel Elgin or Waltharc Watches, 10 year gold cases, flQ yp
$20.00 and $30.00 values j. I J
30 days free trial and if not a good timekeeper your money refunded.
United Loan and Jewelry Co.
'BRANCH OF 16 CALIFORNIA STORES)
Brewery Gulch, across
Do YOU Know That IF
This paper cost you 5c
You are reading your neighbor's paper
You plan to take the REVIEW
But haven't got around to it yet
NOW IS THE TIME
To help some boy whose name is given below to earn
$2Q-$5Q-$15
Warren. Frank Lindsey; Bakerville. Maurice Rugrafr: South Bisbee.
Richard Sharps; Naco Road. Johnson Addition. City of Lowell.
Eugene Gallagher and Bud Hascal: Higgins Hill. Quality Hill and
Mason Hill. Hubert Perry; School Hill. Opera Drive, Temby avenue
and Highroad. Hubert Detlofr;
and Sereua Ellinoff: Don Lais.
Hicks; Cpper Lowell. C. & A. Hill,
ery Gulch. Youngblood Hill. O. K.
don Wallace and Richard Ojeda; Business District, imam
Brookinge; Wlnwood Addition, William Riley.
New subscriptions only bring credit in contest.
REVIEW delivered by carrier or mail to new sub
scribers three months for $2.00; or six months for
$4.00; one year $7.50; per month 75c.
BISBEE DAILY REVIEW PHONE 39.
I more than 3 per cent would be al
, lowed. Except where otherwise spe
cifically provided, the bill becomes ef
fective the day following its pabsage.
The administrative provisions of ex
isting laws for the collection of taxes
now imposed are, so far as practicable,
to be extended to the bilL Where the
. method of collecting an mjl in not
specifically provided is tne bill the
commissioner of internal revenue may
provide for its collection by appro
priate regulations. Where "additional"
taxes are Imposed by the bill thirty
days are allowed for making returns
on tax due, under oath and as pre
scribed by the commissioner of Inter
nal revenue. Payment of taxes due
may be extended for a period not to
exceed six momhs upon filing an ap
propriate bond with sureties with the
commissioner of internal revenue.
The taxes on beverages, cigars, cig
arettes and tobacco, manufactures,
and playing cards, in cases where
dealers prior to May 9, 1917, have
made bona fide contracts for any of
the articles mentioned for sale after
the tax takes effect, or, if the con
tract under which the article sold
does not permit adding .the whole
amount of the tax to the contract
price, the tax. or such portion of it as
cannot be added to the contract sale
price, is to be paid by the person to
whom the goods are sold. The amount
of the tax would be paid to the ven
der at the time of the sale and return
thereon made by him to the secre
tary of treasury upderj appropriate
regulations.
Under appropriate regulations col
lectors of internal revenue might re
ceive at par in payment of income
and war profits taxes certificates of
indebtedness issued under the act ot
April 24. 1917. Payment of taxes
shown to be due might be extended
for not longer than seven months
after the passage of bill upon filin?
of surety bond.
For falling to make returns as to
any of the taxes imposed, or for mak
ing false or fraudulent returns, pen
alties of fine of not more than $1000
or Imprisonment for not more than
a year are provided (S. Rept. No. 103.
Status: Passed house, 5-23-17;
passed senate, 9-10-17; senate named
conferees, 9-10-17; conference report
submitted to house, 9-27-19.
Chamberlain's Cough Remedy the
Most Reliable.
After many years' experience in the
use of it and other cough medicines,
there are many who prefer Chamber
Iain's to any other. Mrs. A.. C. Kir
stein, Greenville, 111"., writes. "Cham
berlain's Cough Remedy liu been used
in my mother's home and mine for
years, and we always round it a quick
cure for colds and bronchial troubles.
We find it to be the most reliaVe
couqh medicine we have used." Ad.
to Loan
from Union theater.
Tombstone Canyon. Abe Milhum
Kenneth Mort: Laundry Hill. Karl s
Jiggerville, Walter Steele: Brew-
street and Chihuahua Hill. Gor- . THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, OCTOBER 28, 1917.
FTVT
Mining and Financial News
Y REVIEW
NEW YORK FINANCIAL.
NEW YORK, Oct. 27. Short cover
ing, prompted in large part by the
undoubted success of the Liberty
loan, together with a buoyant uprush
in shippings, were the chief features
of today's brief but very active ses
sion of the stock exchange.
The inquiry for steamship shares,
especially Marine preferred, at ad
rance of 10H points to 104, with gains
of 2 to 3 points in allied shares, over
shadowed all other movements, but
very division of the list, with one or
two unimportant exceptions, partici
pated in the rise.
Steels made up most of the early
week's reversals at further gains ot
1 to 3 points, coppers responded in
similar measure with the more active
equipments, and the varied groups of
war and semi-war stocks, including
oils, sugars, leathers and motors, were
higher by 1 to 4 points.
Even the utilities were inclined to
shake off their depression. Consoli
dated Gas. People's Gas and American
Telephone rallying 1 to about 3 points.
Rails were consistently firm to
strong, improvement among the repre
sentative stocks averaging 1 to 2
points, both Canadian Pacific and
Union Pacific reflecting substantial
buying.
Brooklyn Transit was the only
marked exception to the general ad
vance, falling 3 points to the new
minimum of 50.
Panhandle, a Pennsylvania subsid
iary, lost 794 points on one sale. Final
quotations were within fractions of
the best Sales amounted to 345.000
shares.
Bonds were irregular on more di
versified offerings, the Liberty issue
holding at 89 82 to 99.96. Bond sales,
par value were $4J25,000. United
States registered 2's declined per
cent on call
Railroad embargoes, hampering
shipments to the seaboard, depressed
the oats. market, and so, too, did the
downward tendency of corn.
Provisions advanced out of contin
ued scarcity of hog arrivals. In the
last hour, though, realizing sales by
holders wiped out most of the gains.
GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO. Oct 27. Prospects of
lirr rprplnta from the newer crOD
led to heavy selling of corn today and Anaconda .
made prices average lower. The mar- American Can
ket closed unsettled at the same as,American Car .;"
yesterday's finish to down, with American Locomotive
December 118 to HSfc. and May. American Smelter ...
112. Oats declined to c The
resit in nrovisiona varied from 2c
drop to a rise of 50c. .Baldwin
Some of the largest houses on' Betn B"- :
'change took a conspicuous part In C. and O
selling drives hat at times forced Canadian Pacific .
sharp breaks in the corn market .Central Leather .
: Crucible
LONGING
FOR A CHILD
Young Wife Almost in De
spair. Now has Beautiful
Baby Girl
There is nothing more charming than
a happy and healthy mother of children,
and indeed child-birth under the right
conditions need be no hazard to health
or beauty. Lydia E. Pinkham'a Veg
etable Compound has brought joy to
many childless women by restoring them
to normal health. Here is a notable case
Omaha, Neb. "I suffered from fe
male troubles when I was seventeen
I years old. At eight
een 1 was married
and my trouble was
no better so I con
sulted a physician
who said that there
was not much I
could do and I could
not have children.
I read of Lydia E.
Pinkham's Vege
table Compound and
decided to try it,
and it has nrnvpH
worth its weight in gold to me for I am
not only well but have a baby girl, so
when I hear of any woman suffering as
I was I tell her of Lydia E. Pinkham's
Vegetable CompounaV'-Mrs. W.
Hughes, 19 Majestic Apts..Omaha,Neb.
In many other homes, once childless,
there are now children because of the
fact that Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound makes women normal,
healthy and strong.
I
COLLINS
and
BRCTHERTON
Specializing m
Jerome
and
Oatman
Stocks
JACK BUILDING
MAIN ST. PHONE 26
liilli!l!i!IiL!)7iTiffl
LEASED WIRE
At the opening especially the pres
sure was of a determined character,
and seemed to be directed In particu
lar at weakening the December deliv
ery. A renewal of rainy weather
rendering conditions unfavorable foi
husking, appeared to be chiefly re
sponsible for rallies that ensued, but
this factor and week-end evening up
trades could not altogether offset the
outlook for increasing arrivals of new
corn next week, the general basis for
much of the influential selling.
STOCKS TAKE COURAGE
NEW YORK, Oct 27. Liquidation
of hteh-class shares, notably those for
merly represented In the International
markets, occasioned much uneasiness
in stock market circles for a time
during the last week, but the move
ment seemed to have run its course
berore the end of the week.
Heaviness of numerous special
stocks, especially those comprehended
in the list of public utilities, was at
tributed to conditions more or lesf
peculiar to that class of securities.
Labor problems alBo figured In tho
setback received by those issues.
Steamship shares were at all timer
the steadiest and came forward with
a rush in the latter part of the week.
Traders are looking forward tonexl
Tuesday's meeting of the United
States Steel directors, when the flnan
cial statement for the third quarter
will be issued and action taken on tie
common stock for the same period.
Advices from principal reserve cen
ters report Irregular trade conditions
and recent financial exhibits of rail
roads and industrial corporations have
offered Wtle ground for encourage
ment Local money rates relaxed slightly,
but time funds were at no time ir.
more than moderate supply.
COTTON MARKET
I NEW YOUK. uci. a. 1 "
market today closed steady at a ne
loss of 24 to 22 points.
METAL MARKET '
NEW YORK. Oct 27 Bar silver
83Vic.
NEW YORK
Closing Quotations October 27,
(By L. J. Overlock)
1917 !
64
42'.4
67 I
59'
87
106
93
63
86M
"u OUB'"
Atchison
39 I
144 j
74;
67y :
37 j
18 j
..40'jj
94 Vi
116
29:
iosy4 1
31:
46 I
87' i
704 j
95 '
75 '
58 I
81 j
40 V. '
106 :
114 !
47V4 ;
83 :
35 !
147 1
120 t
50 j
(Distillers
(Erie
Goodrich
General Motors ..
Industrial Alcohol
Marine
Marine Pfd
Maxwell
1 Mid vale
Mexican Petroleum
New York Central
Northern Pacific . . ,
Reading
Rubber
Rep Steel
Studebaker
Steel
Steel Pfd
Stl Paul
Southern Pacific ...
Sinclair Oil .......
Texas Oil
Union Pacific ... .
U. S. M
Westinghouse ...
41
BOSTON
; Adventure
Allouez
'Allouez Commercial ..
I Alaska
i Butte
;C. and A
C. and II . ... .
Chief Range
'ciiino
1
56
3
67
485
50
43'
10tt,
East Butte
I V" 1 BUUJ ... ...
Goldfield
Goldfield
Hancock
I Indiana
I Inspiration ... .
Kennecott
Keweenaw
'Lake
La Salle
Miami
Mohawk
Mayflower
Nevada
North Butte ...
Nip
Old Dominion . .
Osceola ,
Pond Creek ... ,
Quincy
Ray Con
Shattuck
Shannon
Superior Boston
St. Marys
Utah Copper
Utah Con
Winona
72
72
33
10
1
45
34 'i
Vt
. 6
3
34
68
2
18
14
40
68
17
68
23
21
5
3
58
83
12 4
CURBS
Arkansas end Arizona .
Austin
ArUoxai Sii er King . . .
Big Ledge
Calumet and Jerome
Cornelia
Con. Arizona
Curtiss
Curtiss
1
15
Is
30
31
18
Denn
Dundee
Emma
3
2
IS
30
5
1
43
Federal Oil
Gadsden
G. Island
Green Monster
Hull
Howe Sound
Hecla
Inspiration Needles . . ,
Jerome Verde
Jerome Victor
Jerome Portland ...
Magma Copper ... .
Magma Chief
Miami Con
Magnate
5
3'. 4
39 ',4
3
33
94
72
1
14
8U
Pitts Jerome
Ray Here
Santa Rita
Tom Reed
United Eastern
Verde Ex
Verde Com
West End
White Caps
Wol. Arizona
Wright Martin
NEW YORK, Oct 27. The marine
issues, especially the preferred, scored
rather sensational advances today, it
being the accepted belief that the
committee recently appointed to form
ulate a plan for easing the back divi
dends on the preferred stock wili
shortly present same and be accepted,
with the result that stockholders will
be much benefited thereby.
Advancing tendencies were by nc
means confined to the shipping shares,
although their action did Impart more
confidence to those entertaining bull
ifh ideas and at the same time creat
ing nervousness among shorts, the
Ir.tter covering in an active fashion,
especially in the last half hour, when
tcp prices for the day were estab
lished. The action of the market, as wc
lave pointed- out recently, is strongly
Indicative of a rather sold-out condi
tion. and as bearish efforts in many
issues have been conducted on a large
scale the short Interest naturally it
quite large and the technical position
01 ine marxet one or greater firmness.
Unfavorable war news from the Ital
irn front was offset by the more fa
vorable progress of the allies in othei
districts, and much enthusiasm was
caused by the official Washington an
nounceraents that the second Liberty
irdications are for a tremendous over
subscription. This show of patriotism
The'Way
The Willard trade mark
branded into the side of the
battery tells the whole story.
For that mark is the sign of
the Still Better Willard with
Threaded Rubber Insulation.
It is the outward and visible
sign of the biggest storage bat
tery improvement in years.
Lohman & Wright
Central Theatre Building -
(naturally buoyed up the feelings of
j those in financial Ircles. and it is
I said to have a similar effect on the
'country at large, inasmuch ns it at
tests the unity of the nation.
j OATMAN
(By Collins 4. Brctherton)
B:d
Adams 02
! Arizona Rex
! Ariz-Tom R 04
' Gold Ore 24
iGold Reed
Gold Cliff
i Lurky Boy
, Sunnyside 02
Ak
.03
.05
.15
.03
.03
Telluride
.10
Tom RePd 19
United Eastern 3.S2
. Inited Northern 114
United Western 02
Red Lion
3.87
.05
OTHER CURBS
Gadsden 2.
00
2.06
.69
Green Monster
Butte London
Dndee
Venture Hill
Pitts-Jerome
Ark-Arizona
Jerome Portland
Ins-Needles
Hull Copper
Magma Chief
.62
.12
.50
.13 i
.751
.131
.75
.10'
.62!
.18
.34 i
.50.'
1.75'
.50'
1.00
.10
.25
.05
.27!
.50;
.50'
.10,
1.75 i
.62
.05
.50
.06
.30
.37
Wolv-Arizona 1
.50
Miami Mother Lode ..
Verde Com
Miami Con
Bisbee Copper
Butte Arizona
Santa Cruz Bisbee .. .
Jerome Daisy
Nacozarl Con
Verde Apex
05
Calinet and Jerome 1
.62
SERVE BY SAVING."
The American Woman's Slogan.
FOR BREAD!
She traveled the read to fame via
the bake-shop door"
She was only a child, too. but re
cently President i'oincare decorated
her for "distinguished service." Wha:
had she done? No startling deed, to
be sure. To little Marie it had seem
ed but the 'obvious thing to do when
the fighting came near her village, and
the other inhabitants fled, for her to
stay in her father's bake-shop and bake
bread for the soldiers.
All day long she stayed there alone
while the guns thundered in the near
distance and an occasional sharp ex
plosion followed by the crashing of
glass and clattering of fallen wood told
her a siray b'omb had landed in one of
the village streets. Still she mixed,
kneaded, and baked. mixed kneaded
to Tell What's Inside
It stands for durable, thread
ed rubber insulation for a
battery in which the need of
reinsulating is indefinitely post
poned. Next time you're in, ask us
for the booklet, "A Mark with a
Meaning for you" it tells ex
actly what the Willard Mark
stands for.
and baked, until the rows of cream
white loaves stood waiting for the sol
diers. And she knew they would come for
them! Hardly would darkness fall but
they would begin to stumble into her
shop a tired, mud-spattered little
crowd, often wounded, but always
hungry and clamoring l'jr the bread.
"It was Marie"s bread that pulled us
through that spell of fighting", one of
them said afterwards, "Every night
we would crawl almost all the way
from the trenches to her shop on our
hands and knees. There was hardly
a man In the company who would not
risk his life for a loaf of that white
bread."
Risk their lives lMr a loaf of white
bread !
Can we, who daily sit down to tables
with ail abundance of white bread,
know what this means? When we do
come to this realization, there is not
a housekeeper in America who will not
try to devise some means of dividing
our bread supply with the soldiers. She
will be glad to substitute ther cereals
for nart nf the wheat in bread-making.
Of course shipping bread is Impos
sible. But we can ship wheat and
flour. If the soldiers get any white
bread at all next winter, the waeat
must come from us. Unfortunately,
our wheat crop was below normal this
year. This means we must make a
real sacrifice in the use of it or there
will not be enough left to ship abroad.
It will not be hard to make this sac
rifice when we have an abundance ol
fruit both fresh and preserved. For
instance, if every housekeeper in
America decided not to serve a dessert
that required white flour for a whole
month, think what a lot of wheat could
be saved for the soldiers! And this
would be a very simple thing to do.
fruit desserts are innumerable. Look
them up in your favorite "00k book.
Sour Stomach.
East slowly, masticate your food j
thoroughly, abstain from meat for a
few days and in mcst cases the sour j
stomach will disappear. If it does not,
take one of Chamberlain's Tablets ira- I
mediately after supper. Red meats are !
most likely to cause sour stomach and i
you may find it best to cut them out.
Avertisement
REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS '
012016.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION..
Department of the Interior, U. S. Land !
Office at Phoenix, Arizona, Octobei I
13. 1917. . 1
Notice is hereby given that Freder-
Ick J. Murrell of Hereford, Arizona, i
who. on September 1, 1910, made Here-!
ford, Arizona, No. 012016, for NW1-4. i
section 23, township 2SS., range, 22"S.. j
LOWELL
LEGAL NOTICES
G. & S. R. B. & Meridian, has filed
notice of Intention to make five year
proof, to establish claim to the land
above described, before J. D. Taylor,
U. S. Commissioner, at Bisbee, Arizona
on the 23rd day of November, 1917.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Edward Wilcox, John C. Calhoun,
William A. White, Chas. A. Martin,
All of McNeal, Arizona.
J. L. IRVIN,
Register.
First Publication Pctober 17. 1917.
NOTICE OF SALE.
In the Suerior Court of the State of
Arizona, in and for the County of
Cochise.
In the matter of the Estate of Fred
Bauer, deceased.
Notice is hereby given, that the un
dersigned, the administrator with the
will annexed of the estate of the
above named decedent, will sell all
of the right title, interest and es
tate cf the above named decedent in
and to the property hereinafter de
scribed, at private sale, for cash, on
or after the 30th day ot October, 1917.
The place where offers or bids will
be received will be at the office of
Williams & Flanigan in the Allen
Block, Bisbee, Arizona. All bids or
offers must be in writing.
Said property is the following, to
wit: Lot Thirty (30) In Block Fourteen
(14) of the Townslte of Bisbee, ac
cording to the map and plat of said
Townslte made by H. W. Jorgense,
C. E., now on file and of record In
the office of the County Recorder of
Cochise County, Arizona, together with
the improvements thereon, consisting
of a four-room frame house.
M. ARTUNOFF.
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR
UNITED STATES PATENT
Mineral Survey Nc. 3278, Serial No.
036118, United States Land Office,
Phoenix, Arizona, August 31, 1917.
Notice Is hereby given that Alfred
Paul, whose post office addrses is
Douglas, Arizona, has made applica
tion for patent tor the following nam
ed lode mining claim, situate, in the
Warren Mining District Ctochlse
County, Arizona:
Don Miguel No. 6"
Beginning at Corner No. 1. the
Northeast Corner, whence the South
west Corner of Section 30. Township
13 South, Range 25 East. G. ft S. R. B.
& M. bears South 54 04' East 841.8
.feet; thence South 51 17' West 600
reet to Ctorner No. 2, the Southeast
Corner; thence North 58 50' West
1500 feet to Corner No. 3, the South
west Corner; th'nce North 51 17'
a$t 600 feet tb Corner No. 4 the
N'orthwest Corner; thence South 58'
56' East 1500 feet to Corner M. 1. the
place of beginning; containing a total
uea of 19.388 acres. The presumed
course of the vein on this claim fe
from the East and center North 58
56' West 1500 feet
The location notice of said claim Is
recorded in the office tf the County
Recorder of Cochise County, Arizona,
as follows:
"Don Miguel No. 6" Book 54, Record
ot Mines, page 408;
The names of the adjoining claims
ire: On the Ntorth, the "Gold Hill
Mine" lode; on the South "Razzle
Oazzle" lode; on the East "Piedmont
:ode; on the West "Ocatea" and "Mas
tot" lodes.
J. L. IRVIN, Register.
First Pub. Sept 6. 1917.
Last Pub. Nov. 10, 1917.
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR
! UNITED STATES PATENT
Mineral Survey No. 3277. Serial No.
036120. United States Land Office.
Phoenix, Arizona, August 31, 1917.
I Notice is hereby Riven that Alfred
j Paul, whose post office address is
. Douglas. Arizona, has made applica
1 .ion for patent for the following
aamed lode mining claims, situate In
j che Warren Mining District Cochise
County, Arizona:
"Don Miguel"
Beginning at Corner Nta. 1, the
Southeast Corner, whence the West
j juarter Corner of Section 30, Town-
tntp 23, South, Range 25 East G. & S.
K. B. M. bear South 85 36' F-asi
1941.1 feet; thence North 69 39' West
1500 feet along lines 1-6 and 2-3 Sur
rey No. 2244. South Side and Gold Hill
lodes, respectively; to Corner M. 2,
he Southwest Corner; thence North
32 25' Ea?l 467.50 feet to Corner No,
3: thence South 68 46' East 664.30
feci along line 3-3 and 4-5 Survey No.
1781 Cave lode and Survey No. 2244
Gold Hill lode, respectively to Crner
No. 4; thence North 43 52' East
163.20 feet along lines 21 and 56 ot
Survey No. 17S1. Cave lode and Sur
vey N o. 2244, Gold Hill lode, respec
tively, to Corner No. 5: thence South
69 38' 30" East 654.30 feet alon
lines 3-2 and 6-1 Survey Nt. 1953 Bryen
lode and Survey No. 2244 Gold Hill
lode, respectively, to Corner No. 6, the
Northeast Corner thence South 4
49' East 236.40 feet to Corner No. 7:
thence South 32 25' West 391.20 feet
to Corner No. 1, the plaec tt the be
glnnin;g containing a total area ui
17.917 acres. The presumed course of
the vein on this claim Is from the
West end center South 69 39' East
1500 feet
"Don Miguel No. 1"
Beginning at Corner No. 1, the
Northeast Corner, whence the West
quarter Corner of Section 30. Town
ship 23 South, Range 25 East G. A S.
R. B. M. bears south 85 37 East
49"5.1 feet: thence Rbuth S3 2F'
Wt 5S4 feet to Corner No. 2. the
Southeast Comer; tteuce North 69
LEGAL NOTICES
52' West 886 feet to Corner No. S.
Ideatlial with Corner No. 3 Survey No.
2244 South Side lode; thence North
48 62' West 614.60 reet along lines 3 4
and 1-5, Survey No. 2244, South Side
and Survey No. 2188, Worren lodes,
respectively, to Corner No. 4, the
Southwest Corner; thence North 32
25' East 364.40 feet to Corner No. 5.
the Northwest Corner; thence South.
69 39' East 1506 40 feet to Cbrner
No. 1, the place of beginning; contain
ing a total area of 18.277 acres. Ex
pressly excluding area la conflict
with Survey No. 1917, Bangor Lode of
0. 123 acres. The presumed course ot
the vela on this claim Is from the East
end center North 68 26' West 1499.1
tet
"Don Miguel Nt. 2."
Beginning at Corner No. L the
Northeast Corner, whence the West
Quarter Corner of Section 30, Town
ship 23 South, Range 25 East G. ft S.
R. B. & M. bears South 84 21 30
East 4235 feet; thence South 32 23
West 974.10 feet to Corner No. 2, the
Southeast Corner; thence Ntorth 59
48' West 581.40 feet to Corner No. S,'
the Southwest Corner; thence North
32 25' East 974..10 feet to Corner No.
4, the Northwest Corner; thence
South 59 48' East 681.40 feet to Cor
ner No. 1, the place fef heginnlng; con
taining a total area of 13.992 acres.
Expressly excluding area in conflict
with Don Miguel No. 1 lode of this sur
vey, of 0.084 acres, and Survey No.
2019 Little Mary lode of 2.527 acres,
and Don Miguel No. 4 lode of this sur
vey ot 0.866 acree. The presumed
course of the vein on this claim Is
from the North end center South 32
25' West 974.1 feet
"Don Miguel No. 3"
Beginning at Corner No. 1, the
Southeast Corner, whence the West
quarter Corner of Section 39, Town
ship 23 South. Range 25 East O. ft &
R. B. ft M. bears South 82 16' East
4606.1 feet; thence Mrth 69 48' West
176.80 feet to Corner No. 2. the South
west Corner; thence North 4 49'
West 906.80 feet to Comer No. 3. the
Northwest Corner; thence South 69
43' East 176.80 feet to Corner No. 4.
the Northeast Corner;; thence Sbuta
4 49' East 906.80 feet to Corner No.
1, the place of beginning; containing
a total area of 3.014 acres. Expressly
excluding area In conflict with Survey
No. 1953 Bryen iode exclusive of lu
conflict with Survey No. 2244 BUbe
Quen No. 2 Iode tof 1.403 acres. The
presumed course of the rein on this
claim Is from the North end center
South 4 49' East 906.3 feet
"Don Miguel No. 4."
Beginnlng at Corner No. 1. the
Northeast Corner, whence the West
quarter Corner of Section 30, Town
ship 23 South. Range 25 East G. ft S.
R. B. ft M. bears North 75 35' East
3334.5 reet; thence South 61 17'
West 631.60 feet to Corner No. 2. the
Southeast Corner; thence North 53
22' West 1018.20 feet along line 2-3.
Survey No. 2244. Bisbee Queen lode to
Corner NT). 3; thence North 48 56
West 447 feet to Corner No. 4. the
Southwest Corner; thence North 51
17' East 500 feet to Corner No. 5. the
Northwest Corner; thence South 56
55' East 1500 feet to Corner No. J,
the place of beginning; containing a
total area of 18.913 acres, expressly ex
cluding area In conflict with Survey
No. 2172 Lena lode of 0.043 acres. The
presumed course of the vein on this
claim Is from the East end center
North 56 55' West 1500 feet
' "Don Miguel No. 6."
Beglnning at Corner No. L tha
Southeast Corner, whence the West
quarter Corner of Section 30. Town
ship 23 South .Range 25 East G. ft S.
R. B. ft M. bears North 70 23' East
3844.8 feet; thence North 87 11' West
148.90 feet to Corner No. 2. the South
west Corner; thence North 60 13'
West 16.50 feet along lines 1-6 and 2 3
Survey No. 2186 Marquette No. 1 rode
and Survey No. 2244 Bisbee Queen No.
3 lode respectively, to Corner No. 3:
thence North 48 56' West 1001.00 feet
along lines 6-5 and 3-4. Survey No.
2186, Marquette 1 lode and Survey No.
2244. Bisbee Queen No. 3 lode respec
tively, to Cbrner No. 4, the Northwest
Corner: thence South ?7 11' East
127.10 feet to Corner No. 5. the North
east Corner; thence South 48 55'
East 915.30 feet along line 5 6 Survey
No. 2244 Bisbee $ueen No. 3 lode to
Corner No. 6: thence Sbuth 56 55
East 120.10 fet along line 6 1 Survey
No. 2244 Bisbee Quen No. 3 lode to
Corner No. 1. the place of beginning;
containing a total area of 1.849 acres,
expressly excluding area In conflict
with Don Miguel No. 4 tf this survey
of 0.827 acres. The presumed course
of the vein on this claim Is from the
South end center North 48 56' West
1013.1 feet.
The locations notices of sad claims
are recorded In the office of the Coun
ty Recorder of Cochise County, Art
tons, as follows:
"Don Miguel." Book 54 Record of
Mines, page 402:
"Don Miguel Nt. I." Book 54 Rec
ord of Mines, page 403:
"Don Miguel No 2." Book 64. Record
of Mines, page 404:
"Don Miguel No. 3." Book 54. Rec
ord of Mines, page 4 OS:
"Don Miguel M. 4." Book 64. Rec
ord of Mines, page 406;
"Don Miguel No. 6." Book 64. Rec
ord of Mines, page 407;
The names of 'he adjoining claim
aro: On the nor-h the "Cave." "Bel
tle Mary" and "Mascot" lodes; oa
the South. "Edith "Lena," "Marquette
1." "Cbra." "Bangor" "Buffalo." "Cir
cus" and "Warren" lodes; on the Easl
Little Elsie "Little Mary" ani
"Ocatea" lodes: on the West "Lat
Chance" lode.
J. L. IRVIN. Register.
First Publication. Sept 23. 1317
Lat Publication, No eater 0. 1317. THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, OCTOBER 28, 1917.
WEEKLY NEWS LETTER YOUNG
SIX
HEPS CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION j
OF WARREN MINING DISTRICT
Secretary Richardson, who has jur-'one of two things; lie will either get
isdiction over New Mexico in the war
work campaign, writes from several
points. El Paso, Albuquerque. Demin-
and Silver City, which, would indicate
he was on the job and covering the
territory. He found Albuquerque cold.
well or die. If he gets well, he has
no cause for worry. If he dies, he
wont worry. (Signed) J. O. Hall."
Thomas Griffith, formerly a mem
ber of the Kellog, Idaho. Y. M. C. A.,
,.nl i- fun, ilucrMfiD Q tnva Iha ffOASnfr '
. . 1 ker Hill & Sullivan company for about
iLVUVt UUi I UIIIIIIUllll
was warm
towards the War Council campaign
for thirty-five million "defense" fund !
for the guarding of the soldier boys,
and IVmin, a community of 4.000 j
peopl3 In normal times, is now a cityl
of 25.000 Deoule. 21.000 soldiers now
being located there. Five Y. M. C. A. jrepu!ar Sunday afternoon meetings,
buildings are already erected, tw j and Fellowship Bible rlass so success
more to be constructed, a large builJ.fullr conducted by Rev. Harold S.
! ! ,.. ,.t . i.ca i,.! Brewster last year. Song service will
liif, III iii viriiit ui inc lJtt iiuu i
pital unit, making, in all. eight as
sociation buildings. The Knights f
five years, is a new member of the
local "Y." Griffith is now employed
at the Sacramento and hopes to re
main in Bisbee.
i
Sunday, October 28, will begin our
Columbus building is under construc
tion End will be dedicated soon. He
reports a vUit with Rev. Deatherag,
of Bisbee, who is now installed as the
religious work secretary of association
building No. 3. Mr. Deatherage ap
pears to be getting Into the harness
in fine shape, and likes the work.
He said, though, that he had to workj
be held at 4:30 p. m. The address
will be from 5 to 5:30. Mr. Robert
Bruere of New York City, one of tha
editors of "The New Republic," will
be the speaker. His subject will be
! relative to social and labor condition?.
Following the address, which will take
place in the lobby, the men will ad
journ to the class room for Dr. Brew-
ster's Bible class. Refreshments wil!
be' served during the intermission be
tween the address and the class. All
pvorv hnnr of the Aav. which is to be !
sure, a new stunt for a dominee. The;men in tne. Warren district are In-i
association workers at "the cam arejvitel and welcome. It will be a priv-
expecting the Rev. Fry soon, and they eSe to hear a man from New York j
already have some work mapped out j City- - i
fnr him. "
Silver City isXthe headquarters for Robert K.
v n f , i An ,.r vow Mavii.n the local '
L II U ouuuinc-t nv iiv.ii u . . . . " - ........
for the War Council, and the district
secretary, Rev. Binkhurst, pastor of
the Congregational church of Tucson,
is on the job, and getting his commit
tee lined up for the big drive. His
church in Tucson granted him a 30-day
leave of absence to render the im
portant service for the soldier boys.
Mr. W. D. Murray, the biggest and
busiest business man of Silver City,
has consented t. serve as campalsn
chairman for tint- big mining dis'.ric.'.
Tyrone., the idea' mining camp, is also
in'-n tli- campaign for fie Snnuies
and Mr E M. Sswyer, the general
mnnagi r of he Burt Mountain O.p
per co; 'pany, ha j .-tampion'.-!! tl.e
caue r-Dd lending the smpsign, which
insures Tvrone's jvi.panion c tl ; war
fund.
Johnson, a member of
and a crack miner, for
merly employed at the Lowell shaft.
writes to his old friend, R. C. Weber, I
from Breckenridge, Colo. He says
the outlook for the usual snowfall
makes him wish he was back in Bis
bee. We hope to see him in the bU
lobby again.
Our usual Hallowe'en festivities will
be held at the Y. M. C. A. Tuesday.
October 30th. This is our open house!
meeting, and we will be pleased to
welcome every man and woman in the '
Warren district. AH the secretaries
and the committees are busy, and will
be busy until the evening of the en-1
tertainment preparing to make every-1
body have a royal good time. We will ;
appreciate having as many as will
come in costume for the occasion, i
However, all will be welcome, whether j
in special costume or not. We wish
Ti,a Lv.rf.nnrT hir.i turotaVer nf the
"Y " Joe Hall, sends another interest- j to make this the one great event in
: B,,r. frnm Cnnm Funstor.J the history of the Bisbee Y. M. C. A.
' There will be many stunts bushels j
Bisbee. Ar- of fun an1 Plenty of refreshments, j
Remember the date, Tuesday evenmc.i
ine message irom
which follows:
nil. .-x. - m ..w. u ...... j
,"-no rvar Mr P irhardsnn : Well. i
the last allotment got in Friday night. ! October 30th. and bring your pal or ,
which happened to be the coldest j Dest Erl-
night we have had. They were ini-.
,,ated in the usual way. stripped out Harry Slade. a member of the local.
doors and given a nice cold shower
1. . v. VnfAra twi i ii it IceuoA TIPW nut-
m-nmnn, hirh were one niece ov-igressive Amusement company for the
eralls instead of the breeches and
blouse uniform. They are attached
.Via TliiH vffrlirh tnfanlrv. A t-
W till. . 11 1 1 I J i T ." ... - J i ... ...
tached means they may be changed, of the Association go wun biaae. j
when parnianently located with an or- !
ganization they are assigned to. There
are only three regiments of artillery
in Camp Funston; the 340th is full.
i "Y" for the last three years, and a
! motion picture operator for the Pr
I last three years, left last Monday for;
Los Angeles, where he will remain
durine the winter. The best wishes
Briton Predicts
Heavy Fighting
On Italian End
(By Review Leased Wire).
LOUIS. Oct. 27 Lord North-
but 25 per cent of the men are only
attached. Some of the last allotment
may be assigned to artillery, although 1
it is verv doubtful. Most of them 1
seem to be disappointed in getting in j
the infantry. We feel like o'd sol !
AirT row. and have taken up signal-' ST.
ing and tent pitching. Our stables are i cliffe, tiead of the British war mis
almost completed and we expsct our'sion in the United States, in an ad
horses and some equipment soon. We dress before the S. Louis chamber of
should have them as;t takes as long i commerce today, said the Austro-Ger-i
to train an .-rt'llery h irse as it does 'man offensive against Italy is a des-j
a man. The most interesting things perate attempt to "knock Italy out of i
to happen during the last week wereihe war." and that "disturbances in
Madam Schumann-Heink's concert-she Italy are being fomented by Ger
insists on being Mother S. H. to the many."
soldiers here, as one of her boys is: believe there will be desperate
in our regiment (see clipping from the fighting on the Italian front in the
K. C. Star). The other was a lecture next few week3." said Lord North
by a French captain who spent al- cliffe. "The most serious point in
most three years at the front in the war news today is that the Ger
France. He told us things that would mans are attacking the Italian front
be pretty soft for the Sammies in for tne first time. Jive German cotn
comparison with what they had when munique today speaks of 'Austro-Ger-the
war started. France an now troops.' It is evident they are
manufacture daily 2,500 artillery shells
and 1,500 large ones, the largest of
which are six feet tall, weigh a ton
and can be shot accurately 28 miles.
No wonder Germany wants peace!
trying to put Italy out of the war.
"If I were a Prussian, I wouUd
think I had won the war. We know
they are preparing the occupied colla
tor for permanent residence. Our
Another thing that went home to me)duty u t0 gee that they do not d0
was: Act tn irance as we wouiu
like a FreA.li army to act in the
this.
U. S. A., especially toward the French
women. The captain gave a special
talk to the non-com., the text of which
was "keep cneenui Keep your men
cheerful, write and receive lots oil
cheerful letters, stay off the 'sob
stuff.' " He asked "why worry?" and
said the French, after three years of
war, put it that way. No one In tho
wrold should worry now because he
is one of two things a soldier or not
a soldier. If not a soldier, he has no
cause for worry. If a soldier, he is
in one of two places: in the U. S. A.
or Europe. If in the U. S. he has no
cause for worry. If In Europe, he is
either in one of two places; in the
trenches or the rear. If In the rear
he has no cause for worry. In the
trenches, either one "of two
"Nations wake very slowly to war
conditions. Tbe first indication of a
shortage in England was in candy for
the young ladies. I find the same
.Ithing In this country; the ladies are
trembling for candy. There Is a su
gar shortage, though to see all the
candy piled in the windows of candy
stores one would not think so.
"We have no real, shortage, because
we have been compelled to reduce
consumption of almost everything,
and I will say that it seems to have
improved the health of the people."
HAND GRENADE RECRUITS.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
BOSTON, Oct. 27. Baseball players
things i among the men of the national army
be wounded ori at Camp Devens are expected to make
m ii !'' . ..... " i
not wounded. If not wounded, he has excellent students for Lieutenant Mil
no cause for worry. If wounded, it let, a hand grenade expert, who ar
wtll be one of two things, badly or, rived here today with other French
slightly. If slight, he has no cause
for worry; he will soon be well and
can go through the same thing over
army officers on their way to Ayer.
Lieutenant Mallett will instruct in
hand grenade throwing and on meth-
again. If badly wounded, it will bejods of protection from this missile.
j Bisbee and Lowell Stores.
Women's Black Fibre
Silk Boot Hose
Most special offerings of Hosiery of necessity
involve a hunt to find just the size desired. But
in this sale we are fortunately able to supply
this Boot Silk Hosiery at a very low price ; all
sizes; a regular 35c value.
Special at25c a Pair
Women's Black Cotton
Hose
A few dozen in all size 9Yi from one of our
good selling 25c lines.
Special at 19c a Pair
Women's Cotton Ribbed
Fleeced Union Suits
In all sizes, in ecru, with
high neck and long sleeves,
an exceptional value at the
. price.
Special 50c
Women's Fleeced
Ribbed Pants 29c
The vests of this line have all been closed out.
These pants would be very reasonable priced
at 50c if we could match them in vests; regu-
i i
lar sizes.
Children's Fleeced Vests
Children's gray fleeced Vests, in sizes 13, 14,
15 only; no pants to go with this garment; a
50c value.
Special 35c Each
Silk Petticoats $3.95
Exquisitely fashioned of plain and shot taffeta,
in all the high colors, black included ; some are
of silk Jersey tops with taffeta ruffle.
Fancy Suiting 69c Yard
An exceptional offering in fancy plaid and
stripe Suitings, in many pretty color combina
tions to choose fronvas navy and green, dark
wine and blue and many light grounds. with
over plaid effects. Especially good for separate
skirts or one-piece frocks; this lot formerly
priced at $1.00 per yard; in Month-End Sale,
special at the yard 69c
You enable the merchant to effect an eco
nomic distribution of labor when YOU
shop in the morning hours.
Returned goods means waste in men,
money and materials. It is YOUR pa
triotic duty to return as little as possible.
On Wednesday, October Thirty-First
Hallowe'en Sprites From
Hiding Will Burst
The ghostly time when witches ride
Their broom-stick nags from far and wide.
When tests and trials, and contests, too,
Show plainly what folks ought to do.
And girls and boys try hard to see
Just what the fate of each will be.
What preparations have you made to bring
home to the children and older folks, too
the laughter and gaiety which this night brings
forth?
Hallowe'en needs of all kinds are here in a
varied display at moderate prices.
Women's and Misses'
. Wool Sweaters
These cool, crisp nights call for the comfort and
warmth of a good sweater, here they are in
colors of Copenhagen blue, rose, scarlet, etc.
Special at $5.00
Fancy Sweaters
Women's and Misses" Sweaters, in fancy
weaves, with Anogora collars and cuffs, in Co
penhagen blue, maize, rose, etc.
Special at $6.95
Blanket Bath Robes
Blanket Bath Robes in floral and the quaint
Navajo Indian design, in gray, lavender, blue,
red, etc., in sizes to 46.
Special at $3.95
Special 36 Inch Satin
Cashmer de Soi $ 1 .89 yd
Irish Satin Cashmere, finish fabric, in plain
and two-tone effects", one would do well to
purchase a dress at this saving, in the best au
tumn shades as myrtle, marine blue, brown
and blue, light blue and gray, light pink
and gray; a regular $2.25 value; in Month-End
Sale at the yard $1.89
Crepe Faille $1.29 Yard
Soft rich crepe fabric, free from sizing, not
only dressy but will wear well, colors are wild
rose, gobeline blue, claret, dark brown reseda,
copen, silver gray, marine blue ; a regular $ 1 .50
value, in Month-End Sale at the yard. $1.29
Dress Ginghams
20c Dress Ginghams, in dainty
blue and white and pink and
white checks.
Special 14c Yard
GALATEA CLOTH
1 0 pieces only at this price, in blue and white,
red and white and bbek and white stripes,
nothing better for service.
Special at 23c a Yard
WhiteMercerizedPoplin
A good quality 27-inch White Poplin, the
usual 35c seller. Especially good for middies,
for waists, for dresses.
Special at 29c a Yard
nrL- -j-j-j-y , , ., .- ,-. .- - . - . . I
I
20 Inch Panama Cloth
A cotton cloth of medium weight, in checks
and stripes, suitable for school wear and house
dresses; a regular 20c value.
Special at 18c a Yard
36 Inch Bleached Muslm
Only 20 pieces at this price; no jobber will
quote a price as low.
Special 9c the Yard
Blanket Special
40x68 Gray Cotton Blankets, with pink and
blue border; a regular $1.00 value.
Special at 79c Each
BLOUSE SPECIAL
The crepe de chine Tailored Blouses are plainer
than usual, but their distinctiveness lies in
their new collars and quality of embroideries
and needlework. The striped silk blouses, in
dark shades, and the plain pongee are all here
in a gTeat variety especially priced for Month
End Sale.
Special at $3.75
Silk Poplin $1.29 Yard
A splendid value in 40-inch Silk and Wool Pop
lin ;a soft, pliable fabric well known for its
service and good appearance. The correct
shades for fall as myrtle, wisteria, delft, ma
duro, reseda, silver feiay, navy, golden brown,
that was formerly priced at $1.50 per yard, in
Month-End Sale at the yard $1.29
I
Yarn for
Knitt
mg
Every woman wants to use her spare moments
doing something useful these days and one of the
best ways to serve those away from your own
home is knitting sweaters, scarfs and wristlets for
Uncle Sam's soldiers.
We have the yarns wanted. And we can teach
you how to knit, too, if that's necessary. Our
prices make it advantageous for you to buy your
yarns here.
Instructions in Knitting
and Crochetting FREE!
Every woman desires to knit or crochet or both.
A useful and interesting accomplishment, as well
as a profitable one.
Our Fall Class, in charge of a competent instruc
tor, meets each afternoon in the Rest Room on
the second floor from 1 : 30 to 5 o'clock Instruc
tions Free.