e, i"; tjawrwmfc,-.vjp. -i
i-TrsrVBHmHt,iJ
MARKETS.
NEW YORK CITY
Average Price of Cop
per for week ending
September 12, 25.83.
WEATHER.
Arizona Thursday
and . Friday fair; nut
much change in tem
pera ture.
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service.
VOL. 20. No. 137.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 15, 1917.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
Sit
.1
1
'I
!
"I
A
VILLISTAS IN
POSSESSION
OF 0J1NA9A
ON BOUNDARY
Carranza Forces Desrt Bor
der Town and Come to the
American Side of the Line.
Hand to Hand Fighting in
Town.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
PRESI1X). Tex., Njv. 14. Federal
troops evacuated Ojinaga at 8:30 to
night and came to the American side
where they surrendered thein arms.
Genera! Juan Espinosa Y. Cordova,
commander, surrendered to American
troops in command of Captain Theo
dore Barnes, Jr.; commander of Ameri
can troops here. He said the fighting
was band-fj-hand before the evacua
tion. Villa troops now occupy the
Mexican town. Many were killed,
wounded and executed.
The most authentic reports place the
strength of the Villa forces at 1,500.
Fighting In Streets.
The fighting was confined to the
streets of Ojinaga and in the municipal
plaza since the attack opened at twi
light. Being in position to leap at the de
fenders of the little cluster jf adobe
huts called a town, the Villa forces
swept past the outpost like a wave
of fire and charged down the streets
and into the military headquarters.
The rout started soon after eight
o'clock apd by 8:30 the evacuation had
, become a mob seeking safe:y on the
American side of the river. I
The federal ti'jops were rounded up
by American patrols, disarmed and
marched to the army camp where they
were guarded. The Villa troops num
ber 1,000 according to the Mexican
commander.
Fighting At Sunset.
Fighting between Villa and federal
forces was resumed at 6:20, central
time, t'jnight, just as the gray gauze
of twilight settled over the mesa line
along which the Villa soldiers were
strung.
The firing started from the federal
first line trenches guarding the Mula
road, to the south wes: of the town, and
was answered by Villa cavalry on the
northeastern slope of the mesa upon
which Ojinaga sits.
Villa troops were seen moving In
along the reads in the bills and a gen
eral assault was expected.
From the American side of the .Rio
Grande, it was not p'js.sible to tell tha:
a hand to hand engagement was in
progress tonight, and occasional
tongues of flames from a Villa rifle or
the flashing of signals of distress from
the military headquarters in Ojinaga,
were the only evidence of the mortal
. combat going on within the adobe wall
ed streets.
The fighting started from the south
east and southwest with au assault in
force from the steep slope of the north
western approach resulting in a suc
cessful sxtrniing expedition which pen
etrated to the very heart of the old
town, the ancient church.
Casualties Unknown.
N accurate estimates can be made
tonight of the number of government
dead. It is admitted by government
officials on this side that no quarters
was given or asked on either side.
American Killed.
One of the two Americans who were
operating the machine guns in Ojinaga
when the first attack was made this
morning was wounded during the fight
ing tonigh: and was later shot by Vil
lista ti'jopers as he lay on the ground
in front of the general headquarters.
The other disappeared, according, to
Colonel Castor, the federal comman
der. The other American was believed to
have escaped across the river to the
American side but was still missing
tonigh
A wounded federal captain limped to
the American side and reported the
town was being evacuated.
Capt. Theodore Fames immediate
ly ordered his patrol at the Ojinaga
ford to round up the fleeing federals
flocking across fully armed.
They were disarmed and marched to
the crmy camp for detention. It was j
estimated that three hundred crossed i
between 8 and 9 o'clock while others
crossed a; various other fords.
The Villa i'jrces were occupying the
barracks soon after the evacuation.
(Continued on Page Five)
RacesVff
(By Review Leased Wire.)
SAX DIEGO. Cal., Nov. 14.
President J. W. Croftroth of the
Lower California Jockey club an
nounced today that owing to the
rece.ntly announced determination
of the federal authorities lo de
mand passports from all Americans
Reeking to visit Mexico, and return
arrows the line to this country the
annual meeting at the Tijuana
track has been postponed. It had
been planned to open the track
Thanksgiving day.
s
GENERAL STRIKE
WESTERN FIELD
Action of Coal Miners in Re
jecting Clause May Bring
On Strike in Missouri, Kan
sas, Oklahoma and Arkan
sas.
(Cy Review Leased Wire.)
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Nov. 14. Del
egates representing the coal miners
of Missouri, Oklahoma, Kansas and
Arkansas, in convention here tonight,
voted to reject the "automatic penalty
clause" insisted on by H. A. Garfield,
federal fuel administrator, as a part
of their working agreement.. The vote
was 185 to 167.
The resolution upon which the vote
was taken follows: ,
The Resolution
'TVhereas, we. the delegates of the
three southwestern districts, being
sent to this convention to express the
sentiments of rank and file which we
represent; therefore be it
"Resolved, that to express the senti
ment of those whom we represent,
that we declare the 'automatic penal
ty clause' as unfair, unjust and un
American and that we will not accept
the penalty clause as adopted in thei
central competitive fields and be it
further
"Resolved, that we stand by the
penalty clause agreed upon by repre
sentatives of miners and operators in
Kansas City."
General Strike
The rejection of the penalty clause
was taken in many quarters tonight
to mean that a gneeral strike among
the miners of Kansas, Oklahoma, Ar
kansas and Missouri was not an im
probability. The clause provides for
the fining of operators or miners in
the event of an unnecessary shut
down. The miners contend that the
clause as written provides for fines
without requiring Investigation to de
termine the responsibility for the tie
vp. It Is expected he next step of
the miners will be outlined at tomor
row's Bession. .
Pro and Con
The adoption of the resolution came
t the end of a day of debate in which
"Mother" Jones and John VVilkerson,
president of the Oklahoma-Arkansas
district, counseled acceptance of the
clause on the grounds of patriotism,
and Alexander M. Howat, president of
the Kansas district, vehemently urged
its rejection.
"Our business now Is to help the
government." said "Mother" Jones.
"President Wilson and Fuel Adminis
trator Gafield will see that no Injus
tice Is done to you through the work
ing of this clause."
As "Mother" Jones left the plat
form she said: "Vote for the clause,
boys. It's a vote for Wilson and he'll
vote for you."
Vote for Kaiser
"Let me tell you this: You'll never
get anywhere wit ha strike," Wilkin
son told the convention. "The govern
ment Is interested in this. Vote to
reject the clause, and you vote for tho
kaiser. Your duty now is to the flag
and the men in the trenches. They
must have coal and the government
will see that they get it."
Howat denied that to reject the,
clause was to oppose the government,
asserting that the operators were re
sponsible for the present situation
and that the minors were fighting
only them.
ow
WENDS
NOT ACCEPTABLE.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
WASHINGTON, Nov. 14. Without
the penalty clause to guard against
strikes or lockouts, the southwestern
wage agreement will not be acceptable
to the fuel administration and the in
creases in coal prices recently author
ized by the president will not apply to
mines in that section. Fuel Adminis
trator Garfield declined tonight to coru-
(Contlnued on Page Five)
WAR COSTING
LESSTHANTHE
ESTIMATE OF
GOVERNMENT
Secretary of the Treasury, Mc
Adoo, Tells Bankers That
Estimates Were More Than
Ample to Provide For All
Needs.
(Ey Review Leased Wire.)
BALTIMORE, Nov. 14. In a speech
before the Investment Bankers' Associ
ation here tonight. Secretary McAdooj
disclosed that government expendi
tures are running far below estima:es
given congress and predicted that the
amount of money still to be raised for
the fiscal year would not exceed ten
billion dollars.
"Vague and uni'junded apprehen
sions seem to exist in the public mind
as to the extent o the financial re
quirements of the United states dur
ing the current fiscal year," the secre
tary said.
"It may be helpful to the country to
know tha; these requirement? have
been greatly exaggerated and (hat in
the judgment of the secretary of the
treasury there is no reason whatever
forapprehension on this score. This
opinon is based upon the latest esti
mates of our financial needs.
estimates Submitted.
"During the past few days the var
ious departments of the government
have submitted to me their estimates
of expenditures during the curren;
fiscal year on the basis of these esti
mates I am confident that, allowing ror
a liberal balance in the general fund
at the close of the fiscal year, not more
than $10,000,000 remains to be raiseo
by the issue of bonds, war saving cer
tificates and treasury Certificates of in
debtedness.
"This is not regarded by the treas
ury department as a task which will in
any way strain the capacity or re
sources of the United States. The
splendid success of the liberty loan
shows that the people are fully determ
ined to support the war and are pre
pared to make such sacrifices of lux
uries, pleasures, comfora and conven
iences as may be necessary.
All Figures Included.
"The estimates of the various de
partments include appropriations al
ready made and proposed supplemen
tal estimates to be submitted at the
forthcoming session of congress.
Though the estimated ordinary ex
penditures (excluding advances to the
allies) for the year average about a
billion a month, the ordinary expend
itures for the four month's period end
ed Ocfjber 31st have been only si.23o,
000,000 or, at the rate of $324,000,000 a
month. For instances the expendi
tures for the war departments for the
four month's period have been 50 per
cent less than was esJmated by that
department for that period. It may
be confidently expected, therefore, that
the actual expenditures for the bal
ance of the fiscal year ending June 30.
1918, will not at the most exceed the
estimates.
Credits To Allies.
"The actual credits to the allies have !
averaged $500,000,000 per m'jntb, or
withinthe estimates of the secretary of
the treasury, and the actual cash dis
bursements against the credits so es
tablished have fallen below the esti
mates. Of the expenditures made for
the account of the United States as
well as those for the accoun: of the
allieh, a very great preponderance is
for purchses in the United States, so
that the operations involve merely a
shifting of credits and have not been a
strain 'oil the financial resources of
the country. Not only is this true,
but every precaution is being taken, by
wise restrictions upon the shipment of
gold, accompanied by careful study of
the course of international trade to
husband the resources of the country.
Monetary Stock.
"The gold monetary stock (coin and
bullion used as mouey) in the United
States on November 1. 1917, is estimat
ed at $3,041,500,000. The increase in
the past ten months has been $174,500,
000! while in the past five years It has
been $1,161,333,000. In five years the
portion of the world's gold monetary
stock held by the United States has in
creased from approximately one-fifth
to more than one-third."
Convention Concluded.
The business of the Investiment
Bankers' association convention was
concluded with the passive of resolu
tions pledging the association i'j the
furtherance of only those enterprises
which have a direct bearing on the
(Continued on Page Two.)
LLYOD GEORGE
EXPLAINS THE
ALLIEIMi
British Premier Reads to the
, House of Commons Pact!
Between the Allied Nations
On General War Council.
; (By Revinw Leased Wire.)
LONDON, Nov. 14. The proposed
new inter-allied council was the sub-
ject of discussion in the house of com-
.......
COUNCIL UPON
7" l"UJ-,r;n 1 , " p. ,'1' the An,frican Federation o- Labor
H-.,AT' ?:.b.t ?"er.,.r as marking time today awaiting the'
. ,, ... .. .reports of comiinitees, resident Sam-
mier Llcyd George on tne functions of i ' , . ,
. uel Gonipeis adurssed a joint mseting
t. a t.u ,uJ : of the Executive club anu the Createri
Mr. Asquith asked the premier am,. . , t .. i
tn whethpr Jib mulil nnw ntato tho)
nrecise function, of the ter.lUl
council, and in particular, of its mill -
tary staff, whether it was proposed ;
that the council, if so advised by its
staff, should have power to interfere
with and over-ride the opinions on a!t0 8olve problems confronting us from
matter of strategy of the general staff ! "ay io day, so that, day by day. we
at home and the commander in chief
in the field; whether the military staff
of the inter-allied council was to Jiave
Intelligence and operation depart
ments; whether the ultimate decisions
as to the distribution and movement
of the various armies in the field was
to rest on the council or on the gov
ernments represented, or whether op
portunity would be given to discuss
the proposed arrangement and1 the
statements made in connection there
with in the premier's Paris speech.
Premier Lloyd-George in replying to
Mr. Asquith, said the best way of ans
wering the question was to read the
actual terms of the agreements be
tween the British, french and Italian
governments jfor the creation of u
supreme council of the allies. The
text of the agreement follows:
Co-ordination Wanted.
"First, with a view to better co-ordination
of the military action on the
western front, a supreme war council
is created composed of the prime min
ister and a member of the government
of each of the great powers whose
armies are fighting on that front, the
extension of the scope of the council
to other fronts to be reserved for dis
cussion with the other great powers.
General Conduct.
"Second, the supreme war council
has for its mission to watch over the
general conduct 'of the war. It pre
pares recommendations Tor the consid
eration of the governments and keeps
itself informed of their execution and
reports thereon to the respective gov
ernments. "Third, the general staff and mili
tary commands of the armies of each
power charged with the conduct of the
military operations remain responsi
ble to their respective governments.
War Plans Submitted.
"Fourth, general war plans drawn by
competent military authorities are sub
mitted to the supreme war council,
which, under high authority of gov
ernment insures its concordance and
submits if need be, any necessary
changes.
Technical Advisers.
"Fifth, each power delegates to the
supreme war council one permanent
military representative, whose exclu
sive function is to act as technical
adviser to the council.
"Sixth, military representatives re
ceive from the government Nand the
competent military authorities of their
country, all proposals, information and
documents relating to the conduct of
the war.
"Seventh, the military representa
tives watch day by day the situation
of the farce and means of all kinds
of which the allies and enemy armies
dispose.
At Versailles.
"Eighth, the supreme war . council
meets normally at Versailles, where
the permanent military representatives
and staffs are established;, they meet
at the other places according to cir
cumstances. Meetings of the supreme
war council take place at leapt once a
month."
The premier went into a further ex
planation, saying:
No Executive Power.
"From the foregoing It will be clear
that the council will nave no execu
tive power and that final decisions In
the matter of Btrategy and the distri
bution and movements of the various
armies In the field will rest with the
several governments of the allies.
There will therefore be no operations
department attached to the council.
The permanent military representa-
(Continued on Paee Two)
W LSON CALLS
E
THE RIDDLE OF
AGES J TALK
American Federation of Labor I
Marks Time. Globe Min-j
ers Complain. President ,
Discusses Age-Long Ques
tion.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
PITfll n V V Vw 1i Whiln
,v. ... ..." ' ".i."V ".
I the thirty-seventh annual convention!
I'utiaiu liuii. iin luiu lilt? UUSillcnai
",en t,at tne longstanding problems
j atinK , t8p,ilaI and labor are v,r,M-
I ally inolvabfo.
Age Long Riddle
"All that can be done," he sa;d, "Is
i
I,
BIC 01!
STO
may be better prepared to reach aj erejices to German intrigue in the: waning as the result of the s.ringent
solution, if solution be possible, of ranks of the Italian army by an offl-j measures that have been taken to turn
what has been a riddle for ages. cial dispatch received bete today from! bat it by the British aud American na
"We can allay a',I disputes during RCme. It tells how on the eve of their j val forces. Last week only six Brii
this great war in which we now are!great offensive the Teutons circulated ish merchantmen were sunk and only
engaged by you gentlemen bearing injaniong the soldiers at certian pcrts'oue of these, was a craft exceeding 1,-
mind that all the virtues are not on0f the Italian front newspapers carry-
your side and all the vices on ours.
"Neither side can claim all the pa
triotism, but it is possible to obtain
a better understanding so that the
standards of American life shall not
be lowered, and to the end that our
boys at the front may be supplied
with all that is needful not only for
fighting, but for their comfort when
they are not fighting.
Rejuvenation Wanted
"To me this war has quite another
significance than the mere winning of
battles. It is to bring a rejuvenation
of the democratic peoples of the na
tions of all the world."
Gompers on Wilson
Speaking of President Wilson and
the problems that faced him, Mr. Gom-
! pers said he was proud to serve under
the leadership of "tha't great man
who Is now voicing the aspirations of
the whole civilized world."
"What we aim to do." Mr. Gompers
continued, "is to advise with emploj'-
ers of labor to bear in mind that, in
recastfng our industrial conditions.
old ideas must be thrown on the scrap j pp0pie billed in Tuscany by KnglUh1 ' F,ay,t For Crossing
heap and a new conception reached, soIdiers firing on women and children.1 Meanwhile the enemy U itriviru; en
cn the rights of others. j an, also describing French sold'ers ergctically to force passages of the
"Some ground must be reached onridjns over tne bolies of agitators,! nave at various p'jints and has been
which the industries of our countrjjcU. . I successful in crossing the stream at
may be speeded up so that the war! Italian Uniforms Grisolera, some twenty miles northeast
may db speeuny won. ui us rraim
have not the slightest mental reserva
tion. It is written into the stars of
freedom above us."
Two Unions Protest
The morning session of the conven
tion lasted about an hour, adjourn
ment taken until tomorrow, when
word came from the committees that'
no reports would be ready until to-
morrow. Two-unions the steel work:,ore lne " "-'-jnoritt atumpis to gam a roomoiu ou
ers on strike at Beaver Vallev and!toId ot the fai!ure of ,he ,tali"ns at the western bank of the Piave be
the Arizona miners asked the conven-!cf-la' P"'"18 to n,a!U a st,w of f,sht t'n Q"ero and renere ere P"'
tion to help settle their troubles along, "gainst the invader. , with heavy casualties.
the lines which President Gompers l . j Have Fallen Back.
and his associates have followed In I In b hilly region Iron Tezze on
other difficulties havln to do "with! " h. VIH To ' the Treutino from, eatsward to Feltre.
In.iotrlo. that mlrtlt hava . h.rlnl
upon vprshfps. Both communications
were referred to committees.
The news from Boston late in tha
afternoon that the strikers at theWa
tertown arsenal and Squantum had
decided to continue the strike, re
gardless of the orders issued by the
International officers here, caused a
flnrrv. and it was at first thought that
the situ-ition there had developed from
a misunderstanding.
J. F. Toomey. secretary of the car
penters' district council, who went
from here lo Boston, sent a telegram
stating that no information had been
ruolvo.l fmm the eeneral nresidents
. n, irl Thi ,!,
to mean that some one had failed to!
forward proper instructions, pnd steps
were at once taken to straighten out
the tangle.
After an informal meeting of the
general presidents the Boston situa
tion was explained by Vice President
John Duncan thus:
Expect Return
"We find that some of the general
presidents did not forward their in
structions to the Boston locals until
today, rnme ii inc meanie-3 wervt
sent so late that they undoubtedly
did not reach Boston prior to the
meeting he'd this afternoon. We ex
pect that the order to return to worlf
tContlnued on Page Flv)
Soldiers Die !
(
(By Review Leased Wire.) ' j
FORT WOHTH. Tex.. Nov. 14.
Three privates are dtad and one j
is in the ta.se hospi.al ut Camp j
Bowie witn a broken leg. with se- f
veie bruises nnl internal injuries. '.
as the result of the caving
a gravel pit this afternoon,
dt-ad are l:avil V.'itMes and
in of
Tho
John
Kwing of San Antonio aud Alfivd
Jung nf Red R:xk. The injured J
man is John V. Ives Jr. of San ,
Antonio. All were members of
Cattery C. 1:51st field artillery.
OF
Hi
Germans ahd AustrianS Have
"Faked' Newspaper. Ac
counts of Riots and Disor-
iTDiPiir
USED
1IIUUUL
Hi
ders in Interior, Among tnejtni3 eveuing. This is the low record
Soldiers I a'"ce -'"nany began her submarine
i ' j campaign.
' j Five vessels of less than l.ttiio tons
(By Review Leased Wire.)
WASHINGTON, Nov. 14. Light is
thrown upon hitherto unexplained ref-
rag sensational stories of rebellions
in Italian provinces, of English shoot-
t n tr ttnwn vrnntpn anri children mi nf
French cavalrymen riding over the began. .the lowert previous figures hav
bodies of agitators. . lu fcbeen, twflve "erchantmen. .I8Ut
In further explanation of the break- o ?hera iB catesrorT of
down of the Italian defense the mes
sage says Italian-speaking Bulgarians
and Croats in Italian uniforms, pene-i
trating the lines on the eve or the: ;enacloU8ly t0 roost of lhe new lin
offensive, caused great confusion by;alon the ... trora i;.e Adl1.
telephone orders for the abandonment j atic sea tne regiun of Feltre arl
of important positions. ; turough the northern hills westward
Ruse Aids Huns from Feltre to Lake i'.arda. they again
"An investigation," says the dis-j have been compelled to give ground ia
patch, "has brought to light the most' both sectors to the Teutonic allied ar
treacherous ruse resoned to by the,mies-
enemy in order to undermine the mo-: t'pon the shoulders of the Iiians
rale of our soldiers immediately be-! alone for several nays mujt rest the
fore the present offensive. On the security t the Tiave line and of his
. 1 k ,k ' tone VenK. r the information has
In smugRlnte through our linen
distributing thousands of copies of 11
Giornale d Italia and II Corriere Delia
jSera. in which were reported tumults',
and rebellions in Naples, Florence.
SIciI anJ Pn(!ije wjln hundreds of
. .m;,o.i ,k. l ...,
. , . f , ,, .
tain sections Bulgarians and Croats.!
wearing Italian
Italian perfectly
um.orms. speaking , an)und Zen9on whw
o.dered our soldiers ,. . . . .
through telephone communications to
abandon important ueier.sive posiuocs
and thereby causing great confusion
and anxiety."
Accounts of the Italian retreat be -
V tllC X.llll M.3
rwi I fiff PIOOO 'tallans haTe fal'-rI back before the
J. ClrCeil Olf xOSSd enemy who aU'j has gained additional
vantage points on the Asiago piatrau
(By Rev iew Leased Wire.) ! and the Sette Comuni. , Onthevest
GLOTE, Ariz., Nov. 14 Lynn Marks-! ern bank of Lake Garda the Austro-
bury, wanted in connection with the
murder early Tuesday morning of By
ron Williams, a fellow miner, was cap-1
tured at daybreak this morning by
I joint posse of Globe and Wiukleineu
deputies wl.'j brough; him back to
G obe late th s afternoon. Marksbury "- "' .
, . - . ., ... . ! minor infantry operations in p.'.igress
admitted, so say the deputies, that he
.,7 . i i . i on various sectors,
killed W lams but says he did it in
' , , ,, . . . . fh ' The British drive against the Turs
self-defense. He was sighted by the ... .. , . , . ,. .
,,....., h , llw, both along the Tigris river and in l'al-pos.-e
early last night in a gulch in the "
! Pinal mountains, twentyfour
miles ;
h of Globe apparently headed for
Christmas. The deputies, tearing
bloodshed if they tried to take him in
the dark, kept an all night vigil over
his camp and at daybreak this morn
ing covered him with their guns and
awakened him.
O'DOWD WINS TITLE.
(By Review Leased Wire.) .
NE WlOltiv, Nov. n Mine o uowa
of St. Taul n the middleweight !
hampion!-hip of the world in Brooklyn :
tonight when he knocked out Al Mc
Coy of Brooklyn In '.he sixth round of
a ten-rond bout. O'Dowd weighed 157
pounds and McCoy 162.
mm of
SUBMARINES
INEFFECTIVE
K
One Vessel of More Than
1600 Tons Sunk by Hun
Underwater Craft Is the
NSmallest Record Since Cam
paign Started.
LONDON. Nov. 14. Only one Brit
ish merchant vessel of more than 1.6tO
tons was sunk by mine or submarines
last week, according tj the weekly
and one tifhing beat were sunk during
'jthe week.
fifrmanv's submarine caniDaien is
600 tons.
This is the smallest total of vessels
sent to the bottom during any week
since unrestricted submarine warfare
auu uirr aiiu IVUI vi trc9 ii.au i,g'.'v
tons.
Italiant Dig in.
While the Italians continue in hnlil
K.v . U.,faJ Is
Major General
, ; ' w
... ....
anJ orM8 t.M
placed in the tield to reinforce the ltal-
"i venue. rieie. uu.r.r., iuc tu-
tons are being held by the defending
"
tro.Gerniana Tue8day, fighting is still
,n progre8!, wilh the Italians holding
the uppe. hand but uot yet fcavuic
. Deell a0e Vj drjVe the invaders :o the
ea8tern bank of the stream. Further
a distance of about twelve miles, the
i ,""
l southward but were held bv the Ital
ians.
Other Fronts.
On the western front in France and
f. l..tti.. Ilia oil.iat rt.x. irt vi u I
..---..""- -
estine continues successful. The Ot
toman forces have withdrawn their
line from thirty to lifty miles north of
Tekrit. placing them virtually lit)
miles northwest of Bagdad n the Ti
gris. In Palestine the Turks have
been forced back an additional seven
miles. It is reported that they have
lost half their effectives in men killed,
wounded or made prisoner since the
operation began.
A British torpedo boat destroyer and
a small monitor have been sunk by an
enemv submarine while ODerating in
conjunction with the Palestine column,
Tnirty.tnree men from the two vea-
ses are missing.
Russian Situation' Obscure.
The internal situation In Russia still
(Continued on Pag Five.)
T I TWO
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 15, 1917.
KORNILOFF WINS ITALIANS MUST
KREMLIN, GREAT
SLAV FORTRESS
HOLD PIAVE LINE
OR LOSE VENICE
NEUTRALS WILL
BE GIVEN SILL
(By Review Leased Wire.) . (By Revlew Leased Wire.)
COPENHAGEN, Nov. 14. General ; LONDON1, Nov. 14. Major General
Korniloff's troops have takaa t'ae F. B. Maurice, chief director of mill-
Kremlin, the famous fortress at Mos-, tary operations at the war office, said
cow, after a severe fight, says the today it would be several days before
Eerlingike Tidende's Petrograd ccr the Anglo-French forces could operate
respondent - I on the Italian front.
. j "Tne Italian situation," said Gen-
COMMUNICATION BROKEN. ! eraI J,a,iri,,f- "is Mtreineljr critical
STOCKHOLM, Nov. 14.-TeleSn,ph-i and will remain ao for the next few
. . .. ... . . . days. If the Italians fail to ho d the
ie communication with Petrograd ha ' .. ... . .
... , - i Tiave line it is almost certain enice
letn interrupted rince Tuesday jifter- fau
noon. Th cable station at Nystad.j l..Hoalding the riave nne depeDds on
Finland, reports that no reFporse could the IaIians themselves as rwt for
te obiaiued fn,m Petrograd to its sig- gome days yet can Franco-British
isals. h is presumed ibat tho Pttro- troops be in the fighting line."
grad. station is occupied by lrn'uaryi General Maurice did not attach vt
ibrces. - tal importance to the fact that the
" "Germans have already succeeded in
SIBERIA FOR NICHOLAS. crossing the Piave river at one point,
COPENHAGEN. Nov. 14. The Ber-as he said only a small force had
linger Tiderfde's Haparaio correspond-: crossed and the Italians should be
ent in a dispatch received here says: ; able to deal with them adequately.
"Officers at Tornea, Finland, sayj Optimism,
that Siberia has declared its indenend i - "There is much reason for optimism
ence and proclaimed former Emperor about the Italian situation on the Pi
Nicholas emperor.
"Cossacks have occupied Kiev."
ave. Tney have Been established there
now fcr several days and have had
time to rest and improve their posi
tions. Meanwhile the German lines
of communication are getting longer
and more difficult. Bridges must eb
repaired and the German rail heads
are a long way back, so it takes much
ANARCHY IN FINLAND.
AMSTERDAM, Nov. 14. The Co
logne Gazette, a copy of which has
been received here, prints a dispatch
from Helsingfors, Finland, saying that ,me tQ get up gungf ammunilion and
a staie oi siege nas uem pruciutiueu supplies
throughout the whole of Finladnd and ; "General Allenby has been striking
that anarchy is increasing and that a powerful blow on the Palestine front,
theft and murder are prevalent. j The forces opposing Allenby have been
The dispatch adds that the governor virtually roughtly handled. They have
general of Finland is in Petrograd and : lost half of their effectiveness and
refuses "to resume bis duties, fearins? must be reinforced from the army
that his life would be unsafe in Fin-; which Von Falkenhayn has been pre
land. ! paring at Alepho for the Bagdad at-
itack."
EOLSHEVIKI CONTROL. '
STOCKHOLM, Nov. 14. An undat-j
ed dispatch from Haparanda lo the
Parens Npheter says the commander
of t'ie Bolshcviki defenses in retro-!
grad issued a proclamation denying j
that tlie Ptrofirad troops had joined ;
the Kerensky forces and declaring tfml I
the. defenders of the . capital were : conduct of the war; the creation of an
strong enough to resist forces double j organization for the flotation of govem
those of Kerensky. 1 wen: war issues and an indorsement
The dispatch adds' that three 'crui-' ot the n.Mvement to crush out traudu
sors and six'Jtorpedo boats manned by , 'ent advertising.
lioh heviki had arrived from Helsing-i u was brousht out that the invest
ors and anchorsed in the Neva. ; meni r American capital in foreign
securities was between JZ.'JUO.ouu.oou
and $2,500,000,000.
Warren S. Hayden of Cleveland, was
War Is Costing
Under Estimate
(Continued From Page One.)
VILLA KILLS LIEUTENANT.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
EL PASO. Te , Vjv. 14. Tele-1 chosen president.
Kraajs received here tonight say that!' .-
Martin Lopez. Villa's chief lieutenant. Never conhider your war cost in
was. executed by Villa for falure toitioiiars and cen's as long as there are
obey orders and push home the first at-, j other Americans paying in life and
tack on Ojinaga this morning. j limb.
FOOD ALLOTMEN
T
(By Review Leased Wire.)
WASHINGTON, Nov. 14. Under the
new agreements between the United
States and the north European neu
trals by which the American export
bars were lowered and neutral mer
chant ships now idle return to active
service, the neutrals will be supplied
with the necessaries of life, according
to their needs. It will be a give-and
take proposition and concessions will
be biide by both sides.
Holland and the Scandinavian coun
tries undertake so far as possible to
curtail their exports to Germany of
iron ore, meat, fish, dairy products
and fats, and mave agreed that noth
ing sent by the United Stales will be
re-exported in kind or used in the
place of material sent into Germany.
Apportionment Method.
Foodstuffs as well as other commo
dities in this country owned by the
neutrals will be sold to the United
States and the requirements of these
countries will be met by apportion
ment as they show the need. Commo
dities sent abroad will be carried in
the ships of the countries supplied, to
gether with food for the Belgians and
in some cases foodstuffs and other
materials for allied countries.
Members of the Swedish mission and
Dr. Friedtjof Nansen, representing the
Norwegians, called at the state de
partment today and reached an under
standing which was acceptable to both
sides. It was agreed that the question
of supply should not cover foodstuffs
alone, but where the need was shown,
clothing and materials for manufact
ure as well.
Situation Desperate.
Strong representations were made
showing the desperate pasition in
which some of the people were placed
and the impossibility- of shutting off
at once all exports to Germany.
Details of the task of alloting and
shipping the supplies to the neutrals
are yet to be worked buL
An6ther situation that has been
cleared up is the question of examin
ation of cargoes Under the new ar
rangement the ships will obtain clear
ance papers at American ports which
will give them an unbroken voyage
to their destination:
r
S
pedals For
Friday at
Dry Goods Department
Main Floor
Regular 35c Poplin at 22 Vic Per Yard
Poplins in 36 in. width, colors in Copen,
Light Blue, Red, Pink, Green, Lavender
and Buff. 35c quality reduced for Friday
Special to, per yd
Regular 75c Silk Satin at 39c Per Yard,
Silk Satin in a big range of colors such as
Pink, Copen, Light Blue, Navy, Kelley
Green, Taxi, Orange, Yellow, Gray, Lav
ender and Purple. Special for Friday at
per yd
l)9C
Regular 25c Flannelettes at 18c Per Yard.
Flannelettes in 36 in. widths; many good
colors: Pink, Light Blue, Navy, Copen,
Wine, Old Rose, Purple and Red with bor
ders, floral designs and kindergarten pat
terns. Friday Special, per yd..
Stamped Scarfs and Covers, Up to 85c Values for 25c
These are pure Linen in pretty floral
designs. In the assortment are Dresser
Covers, Pillow Tops and many other kinds
worth up to 85c. Friday Special, yd
Undertakes to
End Possibility
of Big Walkout
. tBy Review Leased Wire).
WASHINGTON. Nov. 14. Once
again President Wilson has under
taken personally to prevent a general
railorad strike. He has called the
'heads cf the four great railroad
brotherhoods to meet him in confer
I ence November 22, and will insisj
j that patriotism be put ahead of pri
vate interest; that there be no at
; tempt to handicap the operation ot
a vital part of the nation's war-raak-;
ing machinery.
! The nresldent is confident that
i nothing unpatriotic will be done, but
Mf the necessity arises he is prepared
to take the required steps to prevent
; a tie-up o? transporation.
i In announcing the coming confer
; ence with the union chiefs. Judge
j William L. Chambers, chairman of
i the board of mediation and concllia-
Men. made public a letter from the
president, which said:
"It is unconceivable to me that pa-
triotlc men should now for a moment
contemplate the interruption of the
; transportation which is so absolutely
' necessary to the safety of the nation,
xxx The last thing I should wish
; 'o contemplate would be the possi-
j bility of being obliged to take any
' unusual measures to operate the rail-
, ways, and I have so much confidence
' thot the men you are dealing with
i will appreciate the patriotic motives
underlying your efforts that I shall
look forward with assurance to your
i success."
J At the time ot the threatened strike
avertpd by the eighVhour law last
year, it was understood that the gov
ernment had developed plans for
emergency operation of the railroads
If that becomes necessary.
President Wilson's letter was sent
Special Demonstration Today of the
Great Majestic Ranges!
-as.
To buy a range by mail is al
most certain to end in disap
pointment and loss of money
It may be "exactly as repre
sented," yet not be what you
thought it was nor what you
wanted. Here you can see
every part of the Majestic
you can know what you
are getting before you buy.
, Decide now that you will
discontinue using that old,
worn-out range. You will
save money in fuel, repairs
and cooking. Buy a Majes
ticthe range with 25 years'
reputation. The- Demon
strator will answer any ques
tion relating to stoves.
The Range With a Reputation
PROFESSOR
j if- T;
STAB
mh
This $8.00 Set of Granite and
Copper Ware FREE
As a special inducement during our demonstration week only
The Professor will be de
lighted to answer any and
all questions pertaining to
the art of cooking and to
those who call in the fore
noon he will gladly give
any recipes desired. He
will be on the platform at
9 00 a. ni. every day in
.the interest of our dem
onstration. Don't hesitate
to ' ask questions. They
Vil! all be cheerfully ans
wered. Domestic Science
Pupils cordially invited.
Bring pencil and pad to
take down the recipes as
the Professor calls them
off.
J. B.
ANGIUS
PURE
FOOD
GROCER
PHONE 29
1
f
ave Yoy
Noticed
That There Are More
cf Our Signs on New
Houses All the Time?
WHY!
Because they figured
with US. Insist that
your contractor figure
with US before you let
your job.
You can buy no better
material or for less
money anywhere.
Gibson -Hines
Lumber Co.
J.W.FSmitMIgr.Ptone8S
: making proposals of their own for the
' better conduct of the war."
Mr: Lloyd-George announced that the
to Judge Chambers two weeks ago,
before the mediation board chairman
left for Cleveland, O., to confer with
the union leaders. It is understood ; government had set aside Monday for
the conferences held there were pro-'the discussion of his Paris speech and
ductive of substantial agreements, but ; the proposed council.
that the ensineers, conductors, train-j
men and firemen were unwilling toi Premier In Trouble,
commit themselves unconditionally to! Thet discussion of the question in
arbitration, although welcoming me-! parliament will be the most interest
liation. " ! inS important event of the year
An adjustment at the White House n that body. Much depends upon the
conference next week is hoped for attitude of Mr. .Asquith and his follow-
which will dispose of the possibilty j ers-
of a strike, at least for the duration
of the war, either by -an agreement
to submit the difficulties to an arbi
tration board whose findings would be
binding or by postponing a wage con
test until the enemy overseas has
heen defeated.
The Switchmen's Union of North mier Lloyd-etJorge's strongest support-1
America has agreed to the arbitrator : ers lecmres me premier ior mauiging.
and it is understood the Order of
The fear that the new international i
council will u.urp the position of the
general staff and the direction of mil
itary affairs now in its hands is the i
crux of the present agitation. !
Lloyd-George Lectured. j
The Daily Mail, which is one of Pre-1
utation of the country has been cruelly
wronged and its sacrifices belittled and
traduced."
The Times finds itself confined by
the perusal of the full text of the
speech in the opinions expressed yes
terday. I:s criticisms are less vehe
ment than those of ttome of the other
newspapers. Nevertheless it says:
'' Times Criticizes.
"Least fortunate of all is the Im
pression conveyed by the speech that
all the pa't efforts of the allies have
been unwise or wasted. We approve
of plain speaking; no people thrive on
it so well as the British. But disheart
ening statements must be justified by
fcacts. and the facts in this case are
by no means so daninihg as the pre
mier would make them."
BISBEE TRANSFER,
STORAGE & COAL CO.
Warehouse & Office Opposite Depot
PHONES 640 and 50.
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Solicits Your
Patronage
PHONE 58
"40 WINTERS
40 SUMMERS
SINCE THEN HAVE ROLLED AWAY
40 winters and 40 summers have roll
ed away since persons took the pre
scription for Number 40 For The B.'jod
and are living and well today. No. 40
is compounded from ingredients that
are set down in the U. S. Dispensatory
and 'Other medical books as follows:
"Employed in diseases of the glandular
system, in blood poiiJii. mercurial and
lead .poisoning, scrofula, rheumatism,
catairli. constipation, liver and stom
ach diseases. V'nder its use sores,
ulcers, nodes, tumors and scrofulous
swellings that have withstood all other
treatment disappear as if by magic."
No. 40 is
Sold exclusively in Ulsboe at Centra!
Pharmacy, opposite Orpheum. i" Lo
well by Lowell Dru Co., in DcukIhs by
Owl Drug Co. Adv.
Railroad Telegraphers also is willing
to put their case In the hands of an
impartial tribunal. ,
The new demands by the railroad
workers would add $109,000,000 yearly
to their pay envelopes, according to
calculations of the railway manage
Former Senator
to Be Arrested
(By Review Leased Wire.)
ABERDEEN, S. D.. Nov. 14. Robert
F. Stewart. United States district at-;
torney for South Dakota announced
in ' !..s9 talk"' In his Paris speech. I
and while maintaining that he is abso
lutely rii;ht on 'he main point, name
ly, the necessity of unified control and
the establishment of a permanent mil
itary council, it nays:
"Some of the premier's emotional as-'
sertions " were distinctly unfavorable!
and ought to have been suppressed be-'
cause '.hey were unwise or because'
they represent opinion and not fact.!
It was a great error io refer to the ;
German line in the west as an impene-!
trable barrier or to belittle the splen
did victories on the Somme as though i
they were bloody assaults which re-
puld in nothing; nor wah his refer-1
ence to appalling casualties correct, in!
view of the gigantic scale jf the war. I
It Is such loose talk as this which i
may fairly be criticized and we hope I
NORTHCLIFFE WANTED.
LONDON, Nov. 14. The Giobe says
great pressure is being biVmpht on
Lord Northcliffe to en'.er the govern
ment which, it add 3, "ao alone is det in
capable of bolstering up."
here late today that a warrant for the ; the preniitr will not mis the
arrest of former United States Sen nity ot putting Into Juster language his
tor R. F. Pettigrew of South Dakota. ; betond tUollsht!i on lhe(;e M( gume,
ou an indictment charging violation ot
cspfjuage act would bo served imme
diately upon Pettigrew, who is in Chi
cago.
Lloyd George Is
Criticised Anew
(Continued From Page One.)
tives will derive from the existing in
tellfcence departments of the allies
all information necessary in order to
enable them to submit advice to the
supremo allied council.
General Object.
"The object of the allies has been
to set up a central body. charged with
tlie duty of continuously surveying tin
field of operations as a whole by tin
light of information derived from al'
the front and from all the govern
mcnts and staffs and of co-ordinating
the plans prepared bv the different
other matters dealt with in the Paris.
speech.
The Daily News says:
I Crisis Is Faced.
& "We f:ire h prist which Iraatnnu
the existence of the alliance and the!
fate of the war and the world - it I
' describes the premier's soeech as "an i
unprecedented disaster and the most !
lHlllcnl Ahlo hlflW utlll-b 111 Ihiu !
b.'jw worth many a victory to the ene
my and the equivalent of a defeat for
the allies.
"If encouraging the enemy and de
pressing ourselves is a crime," con-1
tinues the Daily News, "this is a crime'
without a parallel." j
After oomlemiiinu' again the scheme
for he proposed council the newspaper
continues: ' ' !
Political Dictator.
".Mr. Lloyd-Uoorge having made:
himself political dictator at home, pro
mises to make himself military dicta-1
tor too. In order to bring this about
the allied cause has been subjected to'
P In most cases
of Dyspepsia
Coffee Does
Not Agree"
says a well known
authority
Many who use cof
fee not knowing
that it aggravates
stomach troubles
could still enjoy a
delicious hot table
beverage and es
cape coffee's effects
by a change to the
wholesome, pure
cereal drink
THE REVIEW
Job Department
will furnish you an estimate
on that job on short notice
Telephone 446
A Phone Call Will Bring Us. . r
LOS ANGELES JUNK SHOP
Highest Cash Prices Paid For
Metals, Rubber, Rags, Sacks, Bottles,
Bones, Iron. Hides. Pelts, etc
HOROWITZ BROTHERS, Proprietors
Lowell, 'Arizona.
fnf
GUARD YOUR
HEALTH!
Use Pasteurized Cream and Milk
At Your Grocers.
OSTUH
"There's a Reason"
F
fi
1!
f
I
The Pure Milk Depot,
Johnson Bldg, Main St.
CHICHESTER S PILtS
S JvJj bl-.k !),, UUniXllmlA
"'' la H4 and M aaiiicV
SOLD FY rLGGIS FYFRYHHLRf
v
!
it!. !; is
lit;!!! . rasrcK 9 ii'!
general fetalis, and if necessary oi ;Uil deadly, reckless tlu ua .. Tlie rci
2 C.'fMLI
WATSONS & BERGQUIST
Jewelers and Opticians
j Th HAILMARX Store
REVIEW WANT AOS
BRING QUICK RESULTS THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 15, 1917.
THREE
V
s
!
A
7-
I FULL QUOTAi FORjil
I WAR work;funds
PROMISED TODAY
U Secretary W. H. Morrison, or ine
ff Miami Y. M. C. A, who has been pro-
0 . . I J T!
moting tne war wont campmgu m mo
bee, left yesterday afternoon for his
home. He expressed his appreciation
for the way in which the papers and
the citizens of Bisbee have assisted in
making the campaign a success. While
the I'jtal amount was not complete at
the meeting yesterday noon, the total
was assured The campaign will con
tinue until the total amount of $5,000
is reached, which amount the commit
tee expects to reach by today noon.
The total amount up to ncton yesterday
was $4,034. The teams will meet again
today noon to make the final report.
The boys' campaign Is still in prog
ress and the boys expect to keep on
tbe job until all of the boys In the
Warren district are seen. The boys
reported 1581 up to 5 p. m., yesterday.
tS Their mi.ita is 1400. Arnold Baldwin,
i chairman of the boys' employment re
Mceived the names of several boys yes
terday who would like to have work
to earn their money. If you have work
for any of the boys report to the boys'
department of the Y. M. C. A.
NEW YORK, Mv. 14. The grand
total of-contributions in the campaign
of the Young Men's Christian Associa
tion to raise $35,000,000 for the war
work fund was $11,42,504, today ac
cording to an ' announcement from
headquarters.
The central department, with head
quarters at Chicago, leads the country
wi;h a total of $4,952,685, and the east
ern department, with headquarters' in
this city, is second with a total of $4,
151,561. The totals for the other de
partments are: Boston, $1,256,230;
western. San Francisco, $495,000;
southwestern, Dallas, $385,900; south
eastern. A'Janta. $250,528.
The bankers club at luncheon here
today adopted resolutions calling on
corporations which have not already
subscribed to the fund to contribute to
the welfare work of the Y. M. C. A., in
the war will benefit many of their for
mer employes. Among the contribu
tions announced a! the luncheon were:
Standard Oil company of New Jersey,
$100,000; Standard Oil company of In
diana, $50,000; American Smelting and I
Refining company $100,000; Central
Electric company $75,000; The Ameri-
E can Sugar Refining company and W.
ana J. suane, tsu.vvv eacu; viiuau
American Sugar company and Home
Insurance $25,000 each.
Robert Lansing, secretary of state,
in a letter to a member of the war
work council endorsing the campaign,
declared that "to preserve the morale
of the armed forces of a nation is es
sen:ial to success if we accept Napol
eon's declaration that ir.'jrale is to all
other factors in a war as three to one.
'"But beyond the national service
which is to be mad possible by the
collection of adequate funds," he add
ed, "I desire to express my hearty ap
proval of your plan t serve as well
k the forces of France, Italy and Ru6.sia.
K This plan of work among our brothers-
THE OLD ORDER
CHAM, EVENS
UN NEWEST STATE
(Special Correspondence to Review)
' November 13. 1917.
As William Allen White "of Kansas
used to say. "The old order changeth,"
and to the newspaper man standing
in thft lnbbv of the Adams hotel in
Phoenix last night the words of the
famous Kansas editor and author came
back with startling distinctness, for
the old order does change, in Kansas,
in Arizona, and everywhere in this old
world. White had seen the glories of
the Copeland hotel in Topeka. They
vanished before the progress of the
Square Dealer. And the glories of the
Adams hotel have departed also, just
as all the fine old glamor and. ro
mance and the best and the worst
things of other days hHve vanished
before the cold, gray, hard practical
life of what we call modern times.
State Fair Week in Phoneix, and
the lobby of the Adams hotel at night
looks like a graveyard" the onyx pil
lars in the lobby look like tombstones
that marked the last resting place of
all'the great men and pretty maidens
that beld forth there on other nights
of other state fairs in a madv whirling
throng. The newspapers here adver
tise the fair day by day as being the
greatest and biggest ever. The crowds
QUICK RELIEF
every one of his mines were rilled' John the Baptist when he came out they have in Phoenix or its environsj I'jrmer height, just as if it had been a
with gold and all his deserts changed of the wilderness In his camel's hair are its alfalfa fields, greener than the: wire mattress with strong springs. It
to gardens, and ail his 200 and !Un;mantle a' his thatch of hair and with shamrock told of in the old song, and! was hard m believe, but there war the;
per cent "guarantees" should turn the wild, prophetic gleam in his eyes, the orange turning from wile yellow! cake, just as light and resilient as ati
into yellow eagles and goddesses of wheu compared to Hint who came art- to deep sold under the streaming sun-! the beginning, and without even the,
liberty in silver white and greenbacks er. These few cases (of course there light, and the endless rows or palm' frosting cracked! The cake wag then
sealed with the United States seal? mnr he several hundred thousands of trees nil the cotton fields strinned sliced and given to the women to
That is ju,-t exactly what has hap- them, the newspaper man doesn't now or their white wealih.
ipened in these valleys around Phoe-know) only mark the beginning, like There are two state fairs at Phoe
nix. All the fancies and fond iru- tr-e scouts that ride in front of the nix, and one is in the fair grounds
aginings of the dreamer who claimed army. Kvery valley in Arizona can be and' runs from the 12th to 17th of
that the dfsert could be made to bloom made4o bloom just like this, and there each November In fach year, and the
have mme true fin one side nf the are countless hundreds of thousands other covers all that portion cf irri-
roadway eight or ten miles from Phoe-of acres or arid desert land, worth a ga'ed land around the city and it runs' only secret was that it was baked in discovered the formula for Olive Tableta
nix is the desert where the mesquite! dollar now, that can be made worth from year's end to year's end. and Its I an airtight oven. No other kind 'ol Li? ChroniC eo'
fights bravely for its life against the, four and five hundred. Just like this gates are open free to all and its les- an oven would do. he insisted, and aa dwa rT" OliveTablrtj do eot
sun and the sand, and the caotusland in the Salt River valley has been , sons are so plain and so practical and;ne s engaged in an advertising cam- contn caiomeL but a healinz. soothinx
stands like a melon umpire with all 1 multiplied in value. so true tnat none can laii to listen .... ,r Vcgetawe laxative.
Its sympathies on the side of the des- o, j .kink: nf it mtnnie vnn and to look and to learn
convince them there were no conceded
I sDrines.
Jutt One Secret. 1
Get Dr. Edwards' Olive Tableta
That is the Joyful cry of thousand
Prof. Start had previously given the SSteL
recipe by which the cake was maue.. Dr. Edwards, a practicing physician for
and it was simple enough. He said the 17 years and calomel' old-time enemy.
Stop and think! of it a minute, you
ert and the sun and against the brave, nlan from Kansas and Iowa and Mis-: "
green little bushes. On the other side; souri and Texas. "sThe best farm land ! I T j.
is water from the. Roosevelt dam ditch, in these states, range in value from ; CClfCC ItCtllfflS TO
ana tne auana sireienes in -enmess $150 to $200 and $300 an acre, but
miles of green, and the palms and or-; u,e Arizona desert at which you used
ange trees, and beautiful country to leer in days gone by is richer and
homeB. and everything to please theiniore fruitful than the finest bottom' lJorma ., nnriimiini
eye of the traveler from the fairest! lam,8 UD north. when you bring water' Herman the P,reat' r Uhnl' hav
and most favored portions of thesejt0 change it from death to life. nothing on Professor S:ark. the chef
United States. The newspaper man started in to; 'no is now Bivl"K cooking exhibitions
The water did it! A little stream! write about the fair and the carnival at the Phelps Dodge store in behalf of
Original Size
of water which journeyed all the way) company and the fat stock and the! the Majestic range, judging from the
from Roosevelt dam down here W torse races and the lemonade stands professor handled a big cake
f rzrva ta maotjip linn Palth k-nmrhtl . . i J V 1 , i , J r "
Faith krnnirht I , 1- .iU. I . i ,
. ,m mo iruus anu-iua ynirtrs cuargca Vpstpr(iav afternoon.
... ..w,, ine noieis aiia me glories 01 oia He spent all morning baking the
hammed, had to go to the mountain days and nights before the state went cake in tne Majes'ic range In' the
for the water, Neither the water nor j dry, but instead he has dwelt mostly afternoon he gave a lecture. Then he
the mountain will move for either upon the transformation of the Salt wranmd cake rarerullv to keen it
urao pruyiiei or ine man 01 luuay. t Kiver vauey into one oi tne tairest ana cean
isui u is not oi uie present inai:iinest tanning lanas tnat he has ever n, and nior-ort t
this newspaper man frara Bisbee, whojseen. i lncn piani,s i; feet long over it in the
is here in Phoenix to enjoy the state Oh, yes, they have Bom's four, and'snapeof a cross. He lined the ladies
fair would wish to think, at this time. maybe six-story buildings in Phoenix, fat ones preferred around these
or to write. Rather he prefers to and a good many miles or paved planks, and at given signal 20 of them
look forward to the future. The cot-j streets, ofwhich they are very proud, hopped aboard. It was a layer cake
eem to be iust as large and the races :to" and fruit and vegetables and grain I and bank balances and handsome about eight inches thick. As the wo-
just as fast and the exhibits doubt-jtbat are being grown In this valley areihomes of which they love to speak to men bore down on it, it flattened out
tioning it. as he did, that the Majestic No sripina b the Tcesmote"of these
oven is airtigh: and equally heated little sugar-coated, olive-colored tablets.
from all sides. ! They cause the bowels and liver to act
However, laying aside all advertis- normaJ; JS neTef J"08 theB 10
ing matter, the fact remains that Prof, j "jj uhave
Stark is some cook and well worth ; then a bad breath a dull, tired
hearing. He has the culinary art! feeling sick headache torpid liver and
down fine, and admitted that the man ', are constipated, youll find quick, sure and
who is d'jw second chef in the white enly pleasant result from one er two lit-
house is ai old pal of his. ! t Dr. Edwards' OUve Tablets at bedtime.
Th. .. , . u0,i Thousands tske caecr two every night
ine west end of the. s.ore had been ... -;w. p .i, . .
-,. .... , . j :st to Kcp ricrx Iry them. 10s aid
filled with seats lor the ladies who ; pg, jjj dmgjjstj,
numbered about a hundred, and who
listened attentively to every word. , Herbert Hoover look like a piker.
French Cooks The Best. I Any woman interested in good cook-
Prof. Stark gives a lecture and I 'ng cannot afford ra Miss Prof. Stark's
cooking demonstration on the Majestic J lectures and get his recipes, especially
range every day. He says that French in these war times, when a proper
t'joks are admit;edly the best in the knowledge of cooking is demanded of
world. They shun lard like poison, ! women.
put it out on the pavement in using butter and olive oil instead. Prof. !
Stark said that the test brands cf cot-; STEAMER GOES ashore
tonseed oil used in this country make ; A PACIFIC PORT, Nov. 14. The
a very good substitute for olive oil. He '. Grand Trunk Pacific steamer Prince
E
less more numerous and of finer qua!
ity than ever before. But neveithe
less and notwithstanding, if you will
talk long enough' with an old-timer
and get him to go deeply enough into
the matter and tell just how he really
thinks and feels about it, you will
surely hear him sigh and speak with
The state fair at Phoenix this year
vain regret of the old days.
Is just another milepost along the
way marking the decreasing pplitlcal
and economic Importance of every
state capital in this country. The prl
mary election laws, the anti-pass law,
the prohibition law, and a dozen other
statutes, good, bad and indifferent,
have all tended to diminish central
power and to give more power and
importance to the people and the state
at large. Less and less do the people
of every state in the west and the
east turn to their state capital for
guidance. In all thing? great and
worth while the people begin to think
and move and act for themselves.
And so it is that the band music
and champagne and the plo's and
the counter-plots that determine the
political destiny of the state are heard!
and known no more in the Adams lob-!
by. The old-timer sits on the door j
step of Afternoon Land with his hea-il
in his hand and thinks regretfully j
of the past, but the young man of the
young state holds his head high anC
looks across the mesquite and the
sand toward the mountains and th'nks
and builds of the future . And after
all is slid and done that is wj' a
state fair is for. All money and time
and effort expended to bring exhibits
together have to do always with the
as simple and insignificant and little.! every stranger who comes, but to the like a pancake.
when compared to the future, as was newspaper man's Idea the finest things off, and. presto!
Then the women got
the cake raised to Its
told of the great pains to which French J John went ashore in a heavy gale to
co'oks go to make -.heir soups and their : night on an island off the north Pacific
flavoring sauces for all purposes. He ' coast, according to advices received
declared that many of the incurable, 1 here. Tbe passengers and crew were
parasitic diseases we have in tris coun-1 taken off. A salvage steamer l being
try are result of ex-essive meat eating, 1 hel din readiness to go O the assist
and as a meat conservationist he made ance of the Prince John.
I
tf in arms wai manifest to the govern-1 future. The state fair is to teach,
ij ments a3 well as to the individuals i pe0ple to farm better, to raise better
stock, to make better use of the soil.
t who are benefitted, the broad spirit oi
fraternity which inspires the people of
this country.''
f LAYER
CAKE MASHED
BUT DECLINES TO
STAY LIKE PANCAKE
I
G. S. Stark proved, yesterday after
noon, to the satisfaction of several
hundred women of Bisbee that an air
tight oven is the best in which ti
bake. He did so by a nover experi
ment with what he terms the "Walk
ing Cake," at the Phelps Dodge Mer-
c cantile company's furniture depart
I ment
, Stark is the demonstrator for the
C Majestic Stove company. He cooks
I anything and everything to prove the
Majestic's supremacy. Yesterday he
put together his "Walking C,ake." It
was a seven-layer affair, which he
baked nearly all morning. Shortly
after noon he took the cake to the
front porch of the store and, after
protecting it against dust, had 20
women stand upon it by the use of
I boards crossed over the cake.
Before the women stood on the
e board the cake was over twelve in
ches !n height. After they bad stood
upon the boards for a coupleNof min
utes the cake was flat. Mr. Stark
took the boards away and in ten min
utes tbe cake was at its normal size.;
The cake was taken to the display
room, in the furniture department, and
served. The women who partook of
It declare that It was excellent.
Stark maintains there is no trick
ery in his cake. He explains that an
air tight oven, such as the Majestic
people manufacture and as the P. D.
store sells, will give like results for
the reason that the oven retains all
of the moisture and when a cake is
baked in such an oven and "squelched"
It will rise again through the contained
moisture.
f Today Stark continues his demon-
strations of baking. Every day, after
the demonstration and lecture, cakes
jjand coffee are served.
and to multiply the resources of their
state, and in this regard the present
state fair promises to eclipse them
all, for surely there has never beenj
piich a varied and wonderful assort
ment of farm machinery, or so many
teachers and preachers, and guides
and instructors and demonstrators
and debaters in the state capital be
fore at one time.
Unlike most preachers. Phoenix
practices what she preaches. When
Bhe talks from the text of Intensive
farming and changing deserts into
gardens she can offer Exhibits "A,'
"B" and "C" on any side to any pil
grim who cares to wander down her
pleasant valley. The orange groves
and cotton fields and alfalfa meadows
which surround Phoenix should be an
inspiration to every citizen of Arizona
who comes here with faith In the fu
ture of his state. The richest corn
lands in the most beautiful valley of
northern and eastern states where
agriculture is supposed to rule su
preme look dull and dowdy, like poor
relations st a rich man's feast, com
pared to the farm lands around Phoe
nix, and when a man gets up on a
platform in any state fair booth In this
city and declares that a little water
will turn the desert from gray to
green and gold he has a shining ex
ample at his right hand and at bis
left to bear witness to the truth of
every word he utters.
This simple newspaper man from
P.isbee had heard much of the state
capi.al, jf its farming industries, its
streets, office buildings and progress
generally, but he was hardly prepared
o find such a handsome and modern
city nor such wonderful development
in agriculture.
Imagine, if you can, some wild-eyed
curbstone orator trying to sell a lot
of blue sky stock in some crazy scheme.
He paints his prospectus in purple
and green and yellow, and throws in a
lot of tints too gorgeous to be de-;
scribed by mere words for good meas-
ure. You laugh at him if you have;
pood sense and pass by paying no
attention to his glittering promises
and wild dreams of sudden wealth.
But suppose every lie he told should
turn out to be gospel truth; suppose
v
I
oae
11 ry U
"Evsry Picture 1 ""r2? TFT)
For
That
Back!
ON'T worry and complain about
a bad back. Get rid of it! Your
back doesn't ache without a cause
and often the cause is weak kidneys.
Perhaps hard work has put your kid
neys a little out of order, or a cold
has settled there. In that case a med
icine is needed to help the weakened
kidneys, and if it's kidney backache,
the chances are you'll soon be over it. The lameness, stiffness, dull, tired feeling, nervous
ness, dizziness, rheumatic pains and urinary trouble should go, too.' Use Doan's Kidney
Pills. You can have faith in this medicine, as it is publicly recommended by Bisbee people.
The Remedy Bisbee Endorses
TANK HILL TEMBY AVENUE OPERA DRIVE
Amos Shreve, 19 Tank Hill, says: '"My kidneys Mrs. A. J. Burke. 155 Temby 'Ave., says: "I shall Chas. Rendleman. miner. 15S Opera Drive, says-
weren't acting regularly and that annoyed ,e very never forget the awful backaches and heavy, dull bear J Z, S
much. There was a heavy, dull ache In my back over ing down pain across the small of my back. My kid- kldney8 were weak and acted irregularly. The kidney
my kidneys and it seemed It would never let up. My neys were awfully weak and I suttered with dizziness secretions were highly colored and 1 had to get up of-
back was as Bore as a boil. When I bent over or tried and nervous spells. I always felt morn-out and had ten at night to pass them. When I tried to bend over
to lift anything, sharp pains would catch me. Doan s mtie or no ambition to do my work. Doan's Kidney "htin pains would dart through my backand I would
Kidney Pills soon relieved the pains in my back and , reIieved mexof all tDat 8utferln(f ln a very 8nort 1
after I had used them awhile I was cured of all the , ,. 11118 ana 1 leu luvlu- lmu uuw "l
trouble." tlme" cured me-
O. K. TRAIL GRATEFUL PRAISE CHIHUAHUA HILL
Otto Johnson, miner. O. K. Trail. Box No. 453. Mrs. Philip Andreas. Box No. 81. says: I have used W. W. Gristy. retired miner. Chihuahua HUU says:
.. . , ,. . ... ,, . Doan's Kidney Pills off and on for several years and "When a man gets to be 72 years old he Is apt to have
says: "About four months ago I had a constant pain a,wyayg given roe good satisfaction When- some trouble with his kidneys. Several year, ago my
across the small of my back and heavy lifting was al- eyer j uke cold anJ lt 8ettles on my kidneys, my back kidneys got out of order and tbe muscles of my back
most impossible. My kidneys were weak and I would begins to ache so that I can hardly do my housework, became lame and weak and hurt me every time I bent
have to get up often at night. I was bothered by dizzy I will have dizzy, nervous spells come on and spots over. My kidneys became weak and InUy and the
snells too I knew Doan's Kidney Pills were highly rcc- eem to float before my eyes. I surely feel miserable kidney secretions were highly, colored. I felt pretty
spells too. knew uoan s Kidney t ins were mgmy rcc j these attackg but ( mereiy have t0 us much run down when I began taking Doan's Kidney
ommended by Bisbee people so I decided to try them, jjoan's Kidney Pills and they quickly remove every Pills, but two boxes fixed me up in good shape. Slace
I bought Doan's at the Centra! Pharmacy and two boxes symptom of the trouble. I can then do my work and then Doan's have kept my kidneys well and my back
cured me of all the trouble." I feel fine." strong."
Doam
EG din ey
Pi
Every Druggist has Doan's, 60c a box. Foster-Milburn Co., Manufacturing Chemists, Buffalo, N. Y. FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 15, 1917.
Puplished Every Day Except Monday By the
State Consolidated Publishing Company
Member of the Associated Press The Associated
Press is exclusively entitled to the use for republication
of all news credited to it or not otherwise credited in
this paper and also the local news jbllshed herein.
All rights of republication of special dispatches herein
are also reserved.
Business Office Phone No. 39.
Branch Connecting All Departments.
Advertising Rates on Application.
Cutarad as 8tcond Class Mall Matter at Blsbea, Arizona,
Under Act of March 8, 1879.
Subscription Rates, Payable In Advance:
PEE MONTH I .76
THREE MONTHS 2.25
dIX MONTHS 4.00
TWELVE MONTHS . 7.60
BUNUAV (Our Weekly) per year 1.50
eCWOAY (Our Weekly) per quarter .75
Me Subscription Taken For Less Than 76 Cent.
PHONE NO. 39.
Review subscrloers not receiving a copy of Tht Bisbre
ally Review before 8 a. rru will c,et promptly by
Ooeclal Western Union Messenger by telephoning the
tlrculatlon Department, No. 39. The Review will con
sider It a favor if the Irregularity of delivery Is reported
to the Circulation Department. .The Messenger service
applies to Bisbee only.
Thursday Morning, November 15, 1917.
ACCIDENTS IN INDUSTRY.
During the past few years there lias been widespread
interest in the subject of 'industrial accidents and their
prevention, and important safety campaigns nave been
carried on by many employers and by many private and
public organizations. No doubt these efforts have been
successful in reducing the huge toll of death and suffering-which
modern industry levies upon its workers.
But the effectiveness of all such efforts has been seri
ously handicapped by the general lack of information re
garding the prevalence, causes and effects of accidents
in the industries of the country.
A recent report of the Bureau of Labor Statistics of
the U. S. Department of Labor entitled "Accidents and
accident prevention in machine building" supplies this
detailed information for a large group of plants engaged
in the building of different kinds of machines. The char
acter of the machines built by these plants varied great
ly, from mammoth locomotives and ships to delicate elec
trical apparatus, but it is of interest to note that they
are all of a type for which the war has made enormous
demands. Therefore, although the present study was
made prior to the war, the information regarding acci
dent hazards in the industry is now of particular perti
nence. A notable feature of the report is the measurement
of accidents according to their severity. Previous studies
have been chiefly concerned with the frequency of acci
dent occurrence, and have counted all accidents as of
the same value. A broken finger and a broken back
have been counted alike in computing accident rates, al
though clearly the latter is immeasurably more serious.
The method offered in this report is to measure each
accident according to the resulting amount of time lost,
tc do this it is necessary, of course, to express fatal and
permanent injuries as well as temporary disabilities, in
terms of workdays lost. This is done by valuing a fatal
injury, on the basis of life insurance experience, a9
equivalent to the loss of 30 years of a man's working life,
while total permanent disability was rated at 35 years.
Othy injuries are credited with lower time losses in pro
portion to their probable effect upon earning capacity.
Applying this method to the accident data for the ma
chine building industry, some very interesting results
are obtained. Thus, in the 194 plants covered by the in
vestigation the number of accidents occurring in 1912
was 13,647, resulting in 37 deaths, 411 permanent injuries,
and 13,199 temporary disabilities. This is equivalent tr
an accident frequency rate of 118 per 1.000 full-time (300
day) workers and a severity rate of 5.6 days lost pal
worker. These rates may be contrasted with the expe
rience of a representative steel plant during the same
year, for which the frequency rate was 154 and the seve
rity rate 14 days lost. Accidents In the steel plant were
thus only about one-third more frequent than in ma
chine building but their severity was 2 times as great.
The accident hazards of the machine-building plants
vary greatly with the character of their products. Those
engaged in the making of locomotives have the highest
severity rate 11 days lost per worker and the builders
of ships have the next higher days lost per worker.
Classifying the combined plants by departmental divi
sions, boiler shops and yard labor show by far the great
est hazards. Boiler shops have a frequency rate of 224
cases per 1.000 full-time (300-day) workers and a severity
rate of 27 days lost per 300-day worker, while yard labor
has a frequency rate of 221 and a severity rate of 29
days lost. The high rates of the boiler shops are, pri
marily, the result of insecure trestles and scaffolding.
For the excessive rates in the yard department respon
sibility rests upon the general neglect of safe location and
,-onstrnrtion of the transportation systems of many plants,
coupled with lack of safety precautions and instruction.
One of the fisndamental inquiries in a study of this
character is whether or not accidents are decreasing. A
precise answer is difficult, because of the fact that very
few plants had reliable accident recoids over a period
of years. For one group of plants for which such in
formation was obtainable for the years 191" to 1913 the
frequency shows no decrease, but the severity rate, af
ter running as high as six days in 1910, eight days In
1911, and seven days in 1912, drops to three days in 1913.
This decrease may reflect the more thorough safety or
ganization effected in some of these plants in 1912. The
fact that the frequency rate shows no decline is certainly
due to the more complete reporting of minor accidents
in the later years.
A striking method of showing the effect of a good
safety system in- accident prevention is to compare the
accident rates in plants having, with those plants not
having, well-organized systems. This is done for three
Important groups of plants. In every case the plants
not having a good safety organization show accident fre
quency rates three or four times as high as those having
a well developed system.
The report presents a very careful study of the very
important subject of accident causes. For the industry
as a whole "falling objects" stands out as the most fre
quent cause of accidents, the frequency rate being 14
cases per 1,000 300-day workers. As measured by seve
rity, "cranes and hoists" assumes first place, the severity
rate varying from 1.2 to 2.3 days lost per 300-day worker
(n different groups of plants.
In discussing the question of safety in the machine
building industry it is important to remember that that
Industry not only uses machinery which needs to be safe
guarded, but that its work consists of the production of
machines for use in other industries. The extent to which
the machines thus manufactured will later be a source
of danger to the workers in those other industries de
pends in considerable measure upon the character of their
original construction. The subject of machine design
of building a machine in such a way as to offer the mini,
mum of hazard to its future operators thus becomes o:
very great significance. This subject is covered in con
siderable detail in the report.
SOME FOOD NEEDS.
Several nights ago lu Phoenix there was a notable
gahering of Arizona agricultural scientiits mainly coun
ty agents and merabes of ih state seed ro.nmittee. gath
ea-.-! at supper as giies's of Chairman Owight B. Heard
f 1he Counci! of rnp. Even more important th. n
-!- fH.-'nssion c' an tUrrit spiead wai that concerr:inr
meaas whereby Arizona's food production might be in
creased for wartime needs. It appears that Arizona to
day is producing only half the wheat she consumes and
that about 27,000 more acres of the grain must be added
this winter if the state does her full duty toward the
breadstuffs supply. It was agreed Rat some definite un
derstanding must be reached between committees repre
senting, the millers and the farmers, in this valley at
least, to assure the prospective grower of a return not
materially lower than that received from other crops
that do not need to be turned over to a manufacturer.
Arizona wheat is claimed to be as good as any, even
though there be prejudice in favor of hard( wheat for
bread-making. It was urged also that other "grains be
substituted in the household and there was praise of the
flavor and food qualities of milo maize and feterita, when
used according to recipes that have been compiled by
the agricultural section of the University and that will
be published through the Council of Defence. By added
acreage or by substitution must be covered the state's
present deficit of 950,000 bushels.
It was urged that farmers be not too .hasty in dis
posing of their dairy stock, even though feed be high,
for Holland is tieing eliminated as a dairy center by war
conditions and there will be even greater dependence
upon western America for butter and cheese when the
war closes. In the Salt River valley, though many cows
have been beefed, the first nine months of 1917 show
a butter-fat yield at the creameries of 3,882,332 pounds,
something above last year's record.
From Cochise county was reported an unprecedented
yield of the finest grades of Irish potatoes, with some
apprehension that they may be spoiled in transit this
winter. It was urged that Arizona planters to the south
ward buy Flagstaff potatoes, even though tiiere be a com
petition by similar grades from Colorado and Oregon.
There was mention also that California potatoes of in
ferior quality had been sold at some places as coming
from northern Arizona. Phoenix alone consumes five
carloads a week.
L. A. Parks gave remarkable data concerning the de
velopment of agricultural efficiency anion? the youth of
the state. D. A. Gilchrist told how the agricultural de
partment is fighting rodent pests and rabbits wiih a
large degree of success and M. E. Kinsey sdviscd how
insect pests can be handled on alfalfa fields at 1 1 ? 1 1 ex
pense. The host himself contributed a ringing adcircss,
urging the patriotic necessity of united action by the
farmers and stock raisers of Arizona, who may profit
v ell while serving their country.
It Is up to Arizona to look well to its future food
supply.
Speaking of the Increase in the price of postage on
first-class matter, we are of the opinion that the sender
of an epistle reminding a fellow that his rent is due ought
to pay double price.
The German delicatessen stores have so far avoid'.-d
the food conservator. Why not prohibit the sale of the
stuff altogether, on account of Its German name?
What has become of that ld-fasiiioiicd German pro
fessor who was going to create a consumption cure from
turtle serum? ' .
Now is the time to lay in your iiiiilircllas. The supply
is mo general that you ought to be able to pick up just
what you waut.
Brief State Notes
Harry C. Hatcher, of Phoenix, for
merly first lieutenant ia B company,
First Arizona Infantry, has enlisted in
the engineers' corps of the regular
army. He has left the regiment for his
training quarters.
Rice D. Forman, aged 58, has sur
rendered himself at San Bernardino,
Cal., being charged with the murder
of an Italian in thel United Verde
mine in 1900. He said he killed the
man with a blow from a shovel be
cause the man had been instrumental
in securing his discharge by the company.
There is a scarcity of dairy cows In
the Gila valley in Graham county, ow
ing to the fact that many owners sold
their animals to be butchered, $25 hay
being considered unprofitable to feed.
This is regrettable because there is
now a big demand for milk from this
valley for the cantonment at Deraing.
and the price paid for the milk justi
fies feeding a high price hay, says the
Arizona Bulletin.
George A. Olney has purchased the
ranch and cattle of Kirk L. Hart for
60 000. This ranch Is one of the best
'n the county and is covered with
abundant grass and browse and well
vatered. The cattle are extra high
,rade. There are about 800 to 900
head of them. Mr. Olney and his son.
Dan Olney, have brought in about 800
head of their cattle from their New
Mexico ranch and turned them loose
on tne range, ine raucn i
near La Osa on the Mexican border
'n Pima county.
The trust companies in Arizona hae
resources of $12,504,031.54, a gain of
$1,983,680.55, of 19 per cent over last
year, according to the 16th annual edi
tion of "Trust Companies of the Unit
ed States,' just published by the Unit
ed States Mortgage & Trust Company
of New York. The 1917 book, which
is now being distributed consists of
about 600 pages and contains a wealth
of interesting figures and data. Re
sources, detailed statements, names of
officers and directors, stock quotations.
etc., are given for more than 2,000 companies.
A bond election has been called by
the Tucson district board or school
trustees for December 8 to decide
upon the proposed issuance of bonds
for $50,000 with which to erect the
three ward schools. One is planned
for the north side, near the universi
ty; another beyond the Speedw ay and
a third for Menlo park. The latter
w ill be the largest, having four rooms.
The issue is planned to cover the
cost of the buildings originally in
cluded in the expenditure of the re
cent $150 000 bond issue. Increased
cost cf material for the Safford high
school eliminated these schools.
Endeavoring to learn the where
abouts of her husband, J.. M. Young
blc'jd, Mrs. Youngblood is appealing to
The Republican at Phoenix to aid her
in her search. Worried over the long
silence of Mr. Youngblood and the ab- representative
sence of their ten-year-old son, Joda,
who left with his father, she has call
ed upon friends to help her locate the
missing man and boy. Youngblood
and the boy left Springville, on May
23, according to the wife's story. The
two were driving a black mule and a
bay mare to a hack. Youngblood is
57 years of age, six feet one inch tall.
light skin, blue eyes, dark hair and
high scheek' bones. ,
With an attendance of 20 per cent
greater than on the first day of the
Arizona State Fair of last year, the
thirteenth annual state ' fair opened
Monday in excellent shape. Exhibits
were nearly all in place for the open
ing and by the close of day things
were running like clockwork. Thrills
on and off the program there were
aplenty. In the half mile running
race a fast horse, the Apache Kid, fell
upon his rider, J. Sache, injuring the
youth severel. That was the first
thrill not'down upon the bill. The sec
ond came when the hot-air ballc'jn
took fire and the woman who was mak
ing the ascent dropped for safety from
the blazing airship. '
County Briefs
Deputy Sheriff Jess W. Moore of
Willcox has arrested Leroy E. Cun
ningham and Francisco Remirez, on
charges of being slackers.
The Eleventh Field artillery football
team is scheduled to play the Univer
sity of Arizona at Tucson, Saturday
next.
Marcelino Gastaneda was given a
two years suspended sentence by Judge
Lockwood in the superior court yester
day for bootlegging when he pleaded
guilty. He will leave the state.
Material additfon to the Douglas
food supply is in shape of potatoes now
being imported from Fronteras under
special authorization of the govern
ment of Sonora, which had been shown
that the Fitmteras crop would rot if
not permitted prompt export
Jas. Sanders returned to Tombstone
yesterday from a three weeks' visit to
Ft. Thomas, Globe and Miami, where
he visited with relatives. At Fort
Thoiuas he met his brother whom he
had u'Jt seen in twenty years, and
iuffice it to say the meeting was a
Joyful one. He reports Globe and
Miami prosperous despite the eflects
of the strike.
Judge Lockwood expects to leave
the end of the week for other parts of
the state where he will sit for other
Judges in cases which they have been
disqualified. He will go to Graham,
Pinal and Yuma counties and Judge
McAlister of Graham county will come
aere to hear cases, while Judge Baxter
of Yuma county will be here on the
22nd relieving Judge McAlister, and
while here will pi'jbably render a de
cision on the county seat writ of pro
hibition case.
Henry Valenzuela is in Benson from
bis tungsten claims, thirteen miles
southeast of town in the Whetstones.
His claims, six in number, are near
those of the American Tungsten Co.,
and show good prospects in hubnerite.
A shaft is being sunk on the property
and a' sufficient quantity of ore N for
shipment is being accumulated. If
everything goes well a crusher and jig
ger will be put in soon, thereby getting
rid of the waste material, on the
ground, which will make for economy
in shipment
John A. Rice, who has been in Doug
las for several days, for a visit with
his brothers, Harry B. and Ben, left
yesterday for his hvme in San Francis
co where he now has a mining engi
neering office. Mr. Rice was connect
ed with the Copper Queen smelter dur
ing the early days of Douglas. Leav
ing Douglas about t?n years ago. be
for several years operated in mines in
Mexico, maintaining an office in El
Paso. During the past two years, he
with his nephew, Tom Rice, were inl
Canada where they were working some
silver properties.
ft
LAST WEEK AT THIS PRICE
ONLY TWO CENTS PER SHARE NOW
2c Arizona Oil 2c
TWO CENTS MORE WHEN OIL IS STRUCK
HUNDREDS OF PEOPLE THROUGHOUT ARIZONA ARE INDE
PENDENTLY RICH NOW, BECAUSE THEY . EOUGHT LOW
PRICE COPPER STOCKS WHEN THAT INDUSTRY WAS IN ITS
INFANCY.
TODAY, OIL. ANOTHER GREAT WEALTH PRODUCING INDUS
TRY, IS IN ITS INFANCY IN ARIZONA, AND OIL HAS MADE
EVERY OTHER INVESTMENT UNDER THE SUN PALE INTO
INSIGNIFICANCE FOR BIG AND QUICK PROFITS. , THE RICHEST
MAN IN THE WORLD IS AN OIL KING. AND THE FORTUNES
THAT HAVE BEEN ACCUMULATED IN THE OIL FIELDS OF
AMERICA ARE UNIVERSALLY FAMOUS.
THE ARIZONA OIL AND REFINING COMPANY CONTROLS 640
ACRES OF WHAT IS CONSIDERED THE CREAM OF THE TER
RITORY IN CHINO VALLEY, ARIZONA, WHERE INTENSE IN
TEREST IS BEING MANIFESTED IN OIL ACTIVITY. THIS TER
RITORY HAS BEEN EMPHATICALLY ENDORSED BY MR. E. A.
EDWARDS, UNQUESTIONABLY ONE OF THE BIGGEST OIL MEN
OF THE COUNTRY, WHO HAS FOR MANY YEARS BEEN PROMI
NENTLY ASSOCIATED WITH THE LARGE PRODUCING COMPA
NIES. MR. EDWARDS STATES THAT IN ALL HIS FORTY YEARS EX
PERIENCE IN THE OIL FIELDS OF CALIFORNIA AND OHIO, HE
HAS NEVER SEEN AN UNTESTED LOCALITY THAT PRESENTED
SO MANY FAVORABLE FEATURES AS DOES THE CHINO VAL
LEY, FOR BRINGING IN OIL.
THIS IS YOUR CHANCE TO COME IN EARLY FOR THE BIG PROF
ITS, AND AT EXCEPTIONAL TERMS ONLY TWO CENTS PER
8HARE TO BE PAID NOW, THE BALANCE OF TWO CENTS TO
BE PAID WHEN OIL IS STRUCK.
SEND IN YOUR ORDER BY MAIL OR WRITE US FOR FULL PAR
TICULARS AND REPORTS BY. E. A. EDWARDS AND OTHER BIG
OIL MEN. THE BRINGING IN OF THE FIRST OIL WELL IN ARI
ZONA IS GOING TO MEAN BIG THINGS FOR THOSE WHO BUY
EARLY.
GENERAL SECURITIES CORPORATION
Room 2, 3 and 4, Second Floor, Chamber of Commerce Bldg.
PHOENIX, ARIZONA.
Office Open Evenings.
BISBEE OFFICE SASSE'S, MAIN ST.
j
Money to Loan
3 Per Cent
$100 TO $2,500 ON
Watches, Diamonds, Automobiles ,
OR WHAT HAVE YOU? '
BARGAINS IN UNCLAIMED DIAMONDS
BARGAINS IN SECOND-HAND WATCHES
A RELIABLE LOAN DEPT.
UNITED LOAN JEWELRY COMPANY
BREWERY GULCH.
C. M. Zander, chairman of the Ari
zona state tax commission, left Phoe
nix Monday night for Atlanta, where
he will attend the national tax con
ference and also the congress of
states, which will meet In that city
thin week. 'Arizona, in common with
olher states, is facing new problems
in taxation brought about by the fed
eral income tax and the new excess
profits tax." said Mr. Zander Monday
night. "These taxes are seriously
disturbing equalization within the
states having the general property
tax. "To consider the income tax,
continued Mr. Zander, "a congress of
states has been called for the pur
pose of bringing about an understand
ng among the states. The national
tax conference will give much of its
attention this session to the war!
taxes. There is ii disposition to In
terfere in the slightest decree
Four car loads tjf machinery were In
the railroad yards at Douglas yester
day belonging to the Tannerie Mexi
cana, a new enterprise which is being
created at Agua Prieta. Yesterday a
of the Daily Interna
tional crossed the line with Judge D.
A. Richardson and W. H. Humphries,
both interested in the company and
saw the building which is being erect
ed to accommodate this tannery busi
ness. Judge Richardson is the presi-1
dent of the company while Pancho!
Elias, is secretary and treasurer. Thei
main building which "will be Completed j
this week is one hundred feet long and !
forty feet wide. Another building ad-j
joining will be half the size. When
completed this will be the largest tan-!
nery in the republic of Mexico. The!
machinery will be installed at once I
and the operation of the tannery is ex- J
pected toa be in evidence by the first
of the next year.
MOTHER! DONT TAKE
CHANCES IF CHILD'S
TONGUEJS COATED
If cross, feverish, sick, bilious,
clean little liver and
bowels.
ARIZONA STATE FAIR
A laxative today saves a sick child
tomorrow. Children simply will tiot
take the time from play to empty their
bowels, which become clogged up with
waste, liver gets sluggish, stomach
sour.
Look at the tongue. Mother! If coat
ed, or your child is listless, cross,
feverish, breath bad, restless, doesn't
eat heartily, full of co'd or uas sore
throat or any otherchlldren's ailment,
give a teaspoon ful of "California Syrup
of Figs," then don't worry, because it
is perfectly harmless, and in a few
hours all this constipation poisVm, sour
bile and fermenting waste will gently
move out of the bowels, and you have
a well, playful child again. A thor
ough "inside cleansing" is oftluies a'l
, that is necessary. It should be the
I
I
Tickets on Sale Nov. 1 1th to 1 7th. Inclusive.
Return Limit Nov. 1 9th.
One Fare for Round Trip Plus $ 1 .40 War Tax or $ 1 1 .30
2 DIVISIONS
AT FUNSTON
of negroes of the selected army from
the foregoing states and also 6.0;K) ne
groes from Mississippi, who have not
yet arrived at Camp Fuuston.
BIG PROGRAM.
CAMP FUNSTON. Kas., Nov. 14.
Two national ary divisions are station
ed at Camp Funston. national army
cantonment. The 89th is composed
of white men of the selected army
from Kansas, Missouri. Nebraska.
South Dakota, Colorado. Arizona, and
(By Review Leased Wire.)
CAMP Fl'NSTON. Kas.. Nov. 14.
A-bis program which faces the com
manding staff of Camp Funston. nat
ional army cantonment, is the remod
eling of the company barracks. Suit
members explained that the buildings
were constructed so as to uarter lo
men. on the old army organization
i first treatment given In anv sickness
cure you.
wlth Ask your druggist for a bottla 'Catarrh is annoying enougli -rhen
the federal government., but it seems, of "California Syrup of Figs." which " cnokc up 'OUr .nV illffi
that something must be done by the na8 fuU dlre(.tion!S for baolcs, cnll(lren j "" kcomfort,":
s'ntes to preserve equalization within 0f au ages and for grown-ups plainly I bu, the rea danger comes when it
the states. It may be that Arizona, printed on the bottle. Look carefully1 reaches down into your lungs,
will need to adopt the income tax'and see that it is made by the "Cal-1 This is why you should at once
for its own puriHises, following the'ifornia Fig Syrup Company." i realize the importance of the proper
lead of Wisconsin. This conference (Advertisement)
is perhaps the most important ever!
held." PEVIEW WANT AOS FOR RESULTS
New Mexico. Forty thousand of , basis. Since the French system of
these' men have been received at the organization has been adopted, the
camp but Id.UOO are being trnasferred barracks will have to be remodeled
to ther camps. so as to furnish quarters for compa-
The 92nd army division is made up nies of 250 men each.
All Choked Up With Catarrh?
Why Continue Makeshift Treatment?
Sprays and douches wifl neverlrid of Catarrh, you must drive the
disease germs out of your blood.
Splendid results have been re
ported from the use of S. S. S.. which
completely rout from your blood the
Catarrh germs, for which it is a per
fect antidote.
S. S. S. is sold by all drnggists.
If you wish medical advice as to the
treatment of your own individual
case, write to-day to Chief Medical
Adviser. Swift Specific Co., Dept. B
Atlanta, Ca.
treatment, and loe no time ex
ncrimentintr with worthless remedies
which touch only the surface
To be
x
A FIVE
A
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 15, 1917.
r
Silk Fabrics Spool Silks
rThe tailored suit the fur coat the evening wrap each must he
attractively, distinctively and durably lined this season.
ui,':,,.i;:ii.r.ij i.-t: j t j t .i
Appropriate for Gowns, Linings, Petticoats and Underwear, they
afford the utility which is so decidedly a "this season" demand.
It is to your advantage to purchase silks which have
O BELDIK C'SO woven into the selvage.
For half a century Eelding's Spool Silks have been the "choice
cf professional and home dressmakers. Guaranteed not to split,
break, knot or snarL Obtainable in
every fabric shade.
Your local dealer can supply you.
Give him yotrr patronage.
Belding Bros. & Co.
New York
Ikxton
rmiadelphi
RsTtimot
C l.inajro
St. LourS
For Gowni. I.ininirs, Petticoats
I nderwear
-rV v.g
Free Picture Show, Showing the Manufacturing of Silks
From the Silk Worm in Japan to the Made-Up
Garments in America
E THEATRE
FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 16, FROM 1 TO 6 P. M.
Don't Miss This FREE FILM
MIRAM COOPER GREAT
IN NEW FOX FEATURE
I Fair senoritas and fierce bandits fi'.l
I every foot of William Fox's newest
j R. A. Walsh's photoplay, "Betrayed,"
' which opened yesterday its two days'
run at the Eagle theatre. Miriam
Cooper, well known to Fox audiences
for her sterling work in "Honor Sys
tem," "The Silent Lie," and 'The In
nocent Sinner," continues her entranc
ing acting.
"Betrayed" is full of good whole
some laughter. Miss Cooper plays a
charming, flirtatious girl, whose fickle
heart doesn't know whether to love a
handsome peon, a brave bandit, or a
youthful American army officer.
For a time it seems that matters
are about to go wrong with the girl
and the man she loves. But she finally
wakes up to the fact that her heart
has been with the handsome Mexican
lad all the time, and she remains hap
py with him.
NEWSPAPER WOMAN
CHANGES HER MIND
A bewitching young newspaper "wo
man who becomes disgusted with men
in general by observing their actions
at a notorious divorce trial is the
part played by Bessie Barriscale in
the new Triangle play, "Hater of
Wen, by C. Gardner Sullivan, pro
duced under the supervision of
Thomas H. Ince, which will be shown
at the Orpheuni theatre again this
evening.
One of the most novel of the pre
tentious settings used for this pluy is
the interior of an oriental resort, lux
uriously furnished with carved teak-
wood, rich silken draperies, embroid-
j ered screens, quaint incense burners
and rare pottery pf the orient. Geisha
girls play the curious instruments of
their native land, while others of the
company perform the dainty butterfly
aud fan dances of old Japan.
I
if u
ii It
! ; ! ! j'C$ 1 1
! ' "I : I
I SSj'i' 8'
ttii '
$9 Ii
fir. jlfjjl
WATER
ME A TING
BY
5 t
CONTESTANTS FOR
CARRIERS' PRIZES
ARE WORKING HARD
A thorough checking of the results ,
to date in the Review Carriers Circu-'
lat.'jn Contest, is shown in the ta hie Gordon Wallace
below. This will be increased today EuSene Gallagher
tucuaru ijtua. . . .
Sub Camgaigtf ls
Losingllts Punch
(Continued From Page One)
i pear every day until the end of. the
.contest, next Wednesday.
Standing To Date.
Hubert Detloff 131.000
Frank Lind.se1 69.000
Mourice Rugraff 63.000
Richard Sharp 49,000
Kenneth Mort 37,865 remains obscure. Although dispatch-
Herbert Perry 27.500 Bent out Dy the Finnish telegram
Abe Milburn 26,375 bureau assert that Premier Kerensky
Bud Hascat 25.000 agajI1 (8 jn COn,trol in Petrograd, other
Earl Hicks 21,000 . reports are to the effect that he has
JO.uuo set up his government in Moscow and
14.125 ' ibat fighting still continues in the cap-
ith any of the contestants who wish, " , i ,7 i n nnA - u" ,
Maurice Kelly 10,000 ing frora provisional government sour-
and together with t!ie points gained Walter Steele 9.000 ceS-
in today's work, will be printed tomor-" Wm. Riley 8,750 :
row. Thereafter, the standing will ap-Win. Brookint',e ,. ... 2.000 REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS
worked Womei
must learn not
nealect their In
How Women are Restored to Health
Bpartanbnrg, S.C. "For nice years I suf
fered lrom backache, weakness, and irregu
lsritiesso I could hardly do iny work. I
tried Bwn7 remlius but found no perma
nent irhcf. After taking Xydia E. Pink
ham's Vegetable Compound I felt a great
cbai?se Itr tbo bttr and am now well and
elroujiso I baveno trouble indoing mywork.
I hope every user of Lydia E. Pinkbam's
Vegetable Compound will get as great relief
a I did from its use." Mrs.S.D.McAB,
tU lewey Ave., bjiarUnburg, 8. C.
Chicago, 111. "For about two years I suf
fered from a female trouble so I wis unablo
to wjk or do acy of my own work. I read
about hydia K. Pinkbam's Vegetable Com
pound in the newspop rs and determine.! to
try it. It broi!;'jt almost iramediato relief,
liy v.'or.hTi'va has cr.tirely disappeared and I
EcvrrL4 better health. I weigh Impounds
and rut as strong cs a man., I thirk money
' is vr: li r:'-Tit wiiicb purchases Lydi E.l'ink
ham's Vegetable Compound. " Ilrs. Jos.
O Li.va.v, l'ji Newpert Ave., Chicago, 111.
YCU Cir'N RELY UPOr
IAE
ME COMFO
BLUEBIRD FEATURE
ROYAL ATTRACTION
The "stage struck" girl will find
something for her enlightenment in
Dorothy Phillips' presentation of "Tri
umph" at the Royal theatre today when
"Bluebird Day" is again celebrated.
"Triumph" is the exposition of a girl's
ambition to attain greatness and no
toriety behind the footlights. She had
set her neighbors talking of her tal
ents when she appeared as Rosalind in
an amateur show. There was a "pro
fessional coach" who bad further
enlarged her good opinion of her own
abilities and when she ultimately be
came convinced that the world was
waiting to pay her fulsome homage
site decided to run away from home
and undertake a theatrical career.
What subsequently happened to her,
makes exceedingly interesting screen
entertainment, and the way fale
trickeed her into a revelation of her
own folly constitutes a lesson that may
properly apply to most young girls
who seek notoriety upon the stage.
The process of heating water for domestic purposes has been rev
olutionized in the past few years through the introduction and
perfection of gas fired water heaters, until today it is no longer a
a problem to secure an abundance of hot water quickly and econo
mically, in any dwelling, large or small.
Today, in the countless thousands of homes where gas fired water heaters are in
stalled, an abundance of hot water is available for any purpose. By some types of heal
ers the water is heated instantly at the turn of a faucet, by others, within a few min
utes after lighting the heaters, and all without labor, inconvenience or discomfort, ind
at a reasonable cost for gas.
LET US SHOW YOU
Btshee Improvement Co.
To $20
SUIT
MADE
TO
ORDER
Remember, these suits
are made from genuine
$25 materials.
Every thread guaran
teed Strictly All Wool
with a satisfactory fit or
your money back.
WE WAKE A SPECIALTY OF
LADIES' ALTERATIONS.
D. H. Evans
BREWERY GULCH
Opposite Uncle Jim's
ALL ABOARD!
for good boards, beams, timbers
and lumber of any kind. This
is the place where such thing
are bought by builders who
know their business. Give us
your next order and you'll
know why. The difference in
the quantity of lumber needed
and the time and money thus
saved will amaze you.
Bisbee Lumber Company. nc
EMIL MARKS, MGR.
LOWELL CAR STOP.
PHONE 25.
Villistas Take
Ojinaga, Mexido
(Continued From Page One)
The port was closed and no one per
mitted to enter the town tonight.
MEXICANS INTERNED
(By Review Leased Wire.)
PRESIDIO, Xov. 14. The Mexican
federal troops who crossed were in
terned tonight in the Presidio army
camp number "00. The balance of
the garrison, estimated at 200 are missing.
Wilson Brands
Question as Old
(Continued From Page One)
will be obeyed when it is received in
due form."
Globe Miners Complain
The following message was received
from the president of the Globe Min
ers' union. Globe, Ariz.:
"Conditions at Globe, are very un
satisfactory, although miners Involved
are eager to abide by ruling of the
president's special commission. The
copper companies are not keeping
their part of the agreement. Many
of our active members have been re
fused employment and this organiza
tion requests that the American Fed
eration of Labor demand that PresU
dent Wilson insist on the mining com
panies living up to the terms of settlement."
Closing Out Odds and Ends
IN
Men's Suits
$12 to $15 Values Now
$6.95
CAR0&00. 20 Brewery Gulch
EYE NERVE GLASSES
Study and much re
search work since
1892, is the cause of
my successful practice
, in Bisbee. Dr. R.
Glaze, Neutrologist,'
Room 1. Maze Bldg., Phone, Office
156, Residence. Black 420.
ALLEN'S FOOT-EASE DOES IT.
Wbea yoat (hoc ploch or your corns and ban.
loos ache to that you are tired all over, get Allen
Font-Ease, the antisrotle powder to he shnken
Into the shoss and sprinkled in the foot-oath. IiwiU !
take the sting out of corns and bnnions and rn e
Instant relief to Tired, Aching, bwollen. Tender ,
feet. Over 100,'i00 packages are Vinu used br Uii !
German and Allied tmone at the front, bold '
verrwhere, ttc IXm't acctpt mt tubttuat.
OF FIRE BURNING
OR BURGLARS
Stealing your private papers and valuables when you
shut the home for the summer.
There's Absolute Safety for both when protected
by our modern vaults
Private safes rent for $500 and up yearly.
Think this over then see.
CITIZENS BANK & TRUST COMPANY
Main Street.
Will E. McKee, President
Bisbee, Arizona.
C. A. McDonald, Cashier.
C VJ r. M n rx 73k" t -J
of ".ie f
3LADCZR J
24 tJou?
tarti Can.
VMVWiAVArWrVVtVVWV
General Strike
Now Is Possible
nionl on the art ion of the minors, but
Iiana made it rioar that if It should re
sult in a s rike the Rovernment will
tako any necessary stops to prevent
the production of coal lrom being curtailed.
Deafness Cannot Be Cured
by local application, ma they cannot reach
th die&td portion of th ear. Thrr is
only one wy to cure deafneaa, and that la
by onltuUonal rmrdlra. Deafness I
ranaed '..y an intlamrd condition of the mu
cous llninff of tht Eustachian Tube. When
this tube Is Inliamt-d you have a rumbling
sound or Impt-rfVrt hearing, and when H la
entirely cloiMd, lnfnss Is the result. an4
unless the InflninmatK n can be taken out
and thia tube restored to Its normal condi
tion, hearing will be destroyed forever; nine
cases ovt of ten see caused by Catarrh,
which la nothing but an Inflamed condition
f the mucous surfaces.
W will gtvf One Hundred Dollar for ny
case of D-sfncss t-aud by catarrh) thst
cannot be cured by Hall's Catarrh Cure.
Send fr circulars, free.
I. J. CHENEY CO., Toledo, Ohio,
8old by Drug aists.
Take Han a lanilly Tills fn rouatlpatloa.
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING KE6ULT8
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
AND HIGH CLASS CAFE
The best ot everythms at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 60c luncheon daily. Also $ 1 .CO dinner from
5:30 to 7:30 p. m. Regular Board by the month, $40;
$ 1 0 by the week.
Henry Poppen, Manager.
skwa- rV.,;
r - r
Ml
i w
You Csn iit 5,(sGa t3 10.CS3 Kore Miles
out of them by us-ng Gates Half-Sole Tires.
W put them on (or you and change your old tires
irto new ones at about one-halt the pike youwould
have to pay tor new tires. " .,
Your tire comes into our plant, wonwnj scarred
. from service, and we deliver it back to you the same
tire made oversize and with a brand-new non-skid
tread of fresh rubber. Not a. square inch of your old
tire will be in sight, am! you willnotabletojelljt,
from a new tire.
Bft?E5TIRES.
A n bsr luMv ituarantrvj lor J. 500 mite of wrar wittMMtt a
pitnctur-and many urs r awraiMif frooift.COO to 10 CtiO mitrs.
oti cannot Kit this kind ol giirjnlti..-Mc trora any linronlh
mj-Bc( with n.t paying two or thrtc tim tlx ot of a Gates
Kait-Soic Tire. .. v " .v "
LET US SHOW YOUv
0-n'f throw a ay another worn tire until vou haveinvestiiiatcd
''! Ha'f Sok-. If oa are paving the tire bills vnu will be in.
fr .rd nd wr teadv to hvw vou now to keen in voar
v'kct s b4 r irt ot ihe cost ot new tires rri g, t heltrr lire servtc
t .in v.iu iiAve ever had before. We gu&rartce It.
LOWELL MOTOR CO.
t
. a sssss i in mn i ii i n ii a sai insum
41 M Wl I 1 SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 15, 1917.
! Mining and Financial News
tkV evt-:'W LEA9ED
NEW YORK FINANCIAL
NEW YORK, Nov. 14. The fall of.
the French ministry, :ew unccrtain
tiP3 in the Russian an! Ita'ian crises
and the problems involved in t1o"iesiid
labor trouble? pave fre-Ot impetus to
today's dull but extremely depressed
stock market.
Several new mtnltnums were, record
ed among shares once in high favor,
notably the St. Paul issues at 35 for
the common and 74 for the pre
ferred, while Canadian Pacific regis
tered a new low for many years at
130i,i.
The feeling of uneasiness was ac
centuated ty heavy liquidation of
Liberty bonds, both yielding to lowest
quotations, the 3''s selling at a dis
count in excess of 1 per cent.
Offerings of F,ecuri:ies wpre persist-
MEN'S and WOMEN'S
Suits Cleaned
and Presse
FOR
OUR WORK IS DONE BY
EXPERT TAILORS. '
One trial will convince
you that this is the place
to have your work done.
We also do shoe repairing
ElectrisDye
I
I Next Door to Racket Store
I ' Brewery Gulch
put. though relatively moderate, that;
very condition adding to the sense i
"f geneyal disturbance. Support was;
desultory at best, rpllies in a few in-i
stances exceeding a point from ex
treme doclines of 2 to 4 points.
United S'ates Steel declined to S9";.
within half a point of the year's low1
quotation, but rallied with 8 few other j
active shares just before the close, i
Its final quotation of 90 representing
a net loss of 1 points. Related in-;
dutries made like reoessions and I
some specialties and shippings were
even heavier, reacting 3 to 7 points.
Coalers were the backward features
of rie railway list, excent for the fur-;
ther reversal noted in grangers, andi
PaHtfes offered little resistance to'
pressure. Utilities shared in the de-l
cliue. with Brooklvn Transit at the
new low record of 40. Sales amount
ed to' 613 000 shares. Internationals fell
bark with other bond Issues on en
larged operations. Liberty 4's sagged
from 99.S0 to 99. IS, rallying substan
tially, but the 3's dropped steadily
from 99. ?0 to 9S.86. closing at the low
est. Total saies of bonds, value, ag
sreeated $3,700,000.
United States bonds, old .Issues,
were unchanged on call.
I Canadian Pacific
; Central Leather
j Crucible
Distillers
'Erie
Goodrich
General Motors
Industrial Alcohol ... .
Marine
Marine Pfd
M'dvale
Mexican Petroleum ...
New York Central ... .
Northern Pacific
Reading
Rep Steel
Rubber
Studebaker K
Steel
Steel Pfd
St. Paul
Sinclair
Texas Oil
Union Pacific
V. S. M
W'rstlnghouse
.... 131
. . . . i
. . . . f.2
. . . . 32 ;
14'.i,j
34
82
103
24
90
41
i t
07
sr
67
6914
49
38
90
108
36
39
133
112.
43
37 Vi
ARIZONA
Bisbee Copper Co.
F52 (T
PER SHARE
FOR SALE BY
COLLINS &
BRETHERTON
We Specialize in Jerome
and Oilman Stocks.
GRAIN MARKETS j
CHICACO. Nov. 14. Announcements
that the government would furnish an'
increased supply of cars to move new.
grain had much to do today with bring-1
ing about lower prices in the corn;
market. There was an unsettled close.j
1 to lo down. wr?h December
$1.19 and May $1.15'4. Oats de-
clined to ie net The outcome in'
provisions ranged from a setback of j
15c to a like advance.
Throughout the day free selling kept
the corn market depressed. At thai
outset the chief bearish. Influence'
came from downturns in Wall street,
quotations . A notice issued by thej
boprd of trade directors warning com-'
mission houses not to over-trade fu-
ture deliveries acted further as hand-j
leap on bulls. Later, however, the,
main impetus for selling proceeded,
from an authoritative statement that1
all urgent demands for wheat having
been, attended to more attention would
now be given to providing adequate
railroad facilities for the prompt mov
ing of corn. Bearish inferences were
also drawn from remarks of the food
administrator suggesting a low range
of prices for feeding stuffs in order
to otttafn plenty of meat.
Government orders that more than
3000 box cars be rendered available
to protect federal requirements for
feed had a bearish effect on oats.
Provisions declined with cereals.
METAL MARKET
NEW YORK, Nov. 14. Lead, firm;
spot, 6.37 hid. Spelter, firm; spot
East St. Louis delivery. 7.75 to $8.00.
Car silver, S6.
BOSTON
Adventure
Allouez
Alaska
Allouez Commercial ...
Butte.
C. and A
C. and H
Chief Range
Chino
East Butte
Granby
Green Can
Goldfield
Hancock
Indiana
Inspiration
Kennecott
Keweenaw
Lake
La Salle
Miami
Mohawk
Mayflower
Nevada
North Butte
Kip
Old Dominion
Osceola
Pond Creek ,
Phelps Dodge ... ... .
Oulncv
Ray Con
Shattuck
Shannon
Superior Boston
Utah Cooper
Utah Con
COTTON MARKET.
NEW YORK. Nov. 14. The cotton
market today closed firm at a net
advance of 17 to 67 points.
P. O. BOX 1129
PHONE 26
NEW YORK
Closing Quotations November 14,
' (L. J. Overlock)
i Anaconda
', American Can . ,
; American Car
' American Locomotive
1 American Smelter
American Sugar
; Atchison
Baldwin ...
Beth B
, C. and O
iC. F. and I
1917
55
32
61
4S
70
83
53 Vi
77
46
31
1
1 a3
A quarter here, fifty cents there, a dollar
somewhere else do you keep tab on your
expenses ?
)
And do you realize that many of these
quarters, half dollars and dollars you could
save?
Bank With Us.
CURBS
Arkansas and Arizona . .
Austin
Arizona Silver King . . . .
Big Ledge
Butte and London
Calumet, and Jerome ...
Cornelia '. .
Con. Arizona
Con. Copper Mines
Curtiss
Denn
Dundee
Emma :
Federal Oil
Gadsden
Green Monster
G. Island
Hull
Howe Sound
Heela
inspiration Needles
Jerome Verde
Jerome Victor
Jerome Portland
Magma Copner
Vnema Chief
Miami
Magnate
Pitts Jerome
Ray Here
Santa Rita
Tom Reed ..
United Eastern
Verde Extension
Verde Com
West End
White Caps
Wright Martin
1
50
8
15
63
440
45
37
9
C4
35
40
9
1
41
301",
1
6
2
27
60
2
16
13
7
36
59
17
283
63
21
19
5
3
75
11
5
.
1
10
1
14
ltf
7',
25
18
2
1
IS
28
3
4
31
3
35
3
31
65
m
1
OATMAN
(By Collins & Bretherton)
Adams 02
Arizona Rex .v
Ariz.-Tom R 04
Gold Ore 24
Gold Reed
Gold Cliff
Lucky Boy
Sunnyside 02
Telluride 06
Tom Reed 35
United Eastern 3.62
United Northern 03
United Western 02
Red Lion
L. J. OVERLOCK, BROKER
Correspondents; Paine, Weber & Co., Boston, Duluth, Calumet.
LOGAN & BRYAN, NEW YORK AND CHICAGO.
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK.
I OTHER CURBS
' Gadsden 2.00
Green Monster 62
j Butte London 11
; Dundee . .' 62
j Venture Hill
Pitts-Jerome 37
Jerome Verde 75
Ark-Arizona 05
Jerome Portland
Ins-Needles 06
Hull Copper 28
Magma Chief 31
Wolverine-Arizona 1-50
Miami Mother Lode
Verde Combination 50
Miami 03
Ariz-Bisbee Copper
Butte Arizona 03
Santa Cruz Bisbee
.03
.25
.07
.26
.05
.15
.03
.03
.10
3.75
.05
.25
2.06
.69
.12
.87
.10
.62
.81
.10
.60
.18
.34
.43
1.75
.50
.75
.07
.50
fc.
.27
((mesteraeld
CIGARETTES
L fir
i mwmkS)
1 !:? rii . o.ah
?"IMPORTEDanrfDOMESTIC
tobaccos Blended
They please the taste .
great I Bat also 33
IF a cigarette simply pleased the taste,
smokers used to let it go at that.
But not now.
Because Chesterfields give smokers not
only a taste that they like, but also a
new kind of smoking-enjoyment '
Chesterfields hit the smoke-spot, they
let you know you are smoking -they
"Satisfy"!
Yet, they're MILD!
The new blend of pure, natural Im
ported and Domestic tobaccos that
tells the story. And the blend can't be
copied don't forget that!
Ask for Chesterfields next time you buy.
Wrapped in
Tin Foil
keeps them
Fresh
Jerome Daisy ... .50
Nacozari Con -42
Verde Apex 13 .15
Calumet and Jerome .. ..1.37 1.50
Feather River Gold -25
PLOT EXPOSED
(By Review Leased Wire.)
' CHICAGO, Nov. 14. What is re
lived to have bee na plot to aid I. W.
W. prisoners to escape while they
i were being transferred from the Cook
county jail to other jails near Chicago
was frustarted today by Denuty Unit
ed States Marshal Richard Hart, wh'J
arrested a man solid to be J. E. Rus
sell and a 16-year-old girl.
Theman.was seized after he was
seen slipping a note to a jail guard
with Instructions to deliver it to one
of the I. W. W. prisoners about to
be transferred.
The note read:
"What action should be taken on
ohtside? Give the answer to the girl
in read."
Deputy Marshal Hart hurried but
side and found a lft-year-old girl near
the Jail entrance. She wore a red '
dress and he placed her under arrest.
LEGAL NOTICES
EGAL NOTICE?
ARRESTED.
'By Review Leased Wire)
PENSACOLA, Fla., Nov. 14. State
Senator J. L. Sheppard of Gadsden
county was indicted by a federal grand
jury here today on charges of oppos
ing the draft law.
LEGAL NOTICES.
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT
Of Cochise county. State of Arizona.
Notice )f Hearing Petition in the
matter of the estate of Ellen Maston,
deceased.
Ntoice is hereby given that Elwyn
A. Watkins has tiled in this court a
certain document purporting to be the
last will and testament of Ellen Mas
ton, together with Iris petition praying
that said document be admitted to pro
bate in this court as the last will and
testament of said Ellen Maston. who,
snid petitioners alleges, is deceased.
; and that letters testamentary issue
i thereon to said petitioner, and that
same will be heard on Saturday the
24th day of November, A. D.. 1917, at .
: 10 o'clock in the forenoon of said day, !
' at the court room of said court. In the
court house, in the city of Tombstone, j
County of Cochise, State of Arizona, j
and all persons interested in said es-
tate are notified then and there to ap-.
pear and show cause, if any they have,
j why the prayer of said petitioner
. should not be granted.
J. E. JAMES. Clerk, j
C. L. Allen. Deputy Clerk. 1
Dated November 6th. 1917. Adv.-132
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT
; In the county of Cochise, State of Ari
zona. In the matter of the estate of Mary
I. Cunningham, deceased, order to i
show cause why order tf saV of real
estate should not be made.
It appearing to this court, by the p-!
tition this day presented and filed by j
, M. J. Cunnineham. the ndministrn'or of
the estate of Mary I. Cunninghani. de
ceased, that it is for the best inttreiU
of the estate to sell the whole of sonrj
portion of the real estate o'. said de
cedent. It Is therefore ordered by this court:
that all persons interested in the es
tate of said deceased appear before the
superior court on Saturday. 1st day
of December, A. D.. 1917. at he hour of
10 o'clock a. m of said day. at the
court room of said court, at the court
house in the city of Tombstone, Co
chise county, state of Arizona, to show
cause why an order should not be
granted to said administrator, to sell
so much of the said real estate as shall
be necessary and that a copy of this
order be published four successive
weeks in the Bisbee Daily Review, a
newspaper printed and published in
the said county of Cochise.
Dated, October 27, 1917.
ALFRED C. LOCKWOOD,
Judge of the superior court
First publication, October 31. 1917.
AdvertIsement-224
NUP WHILE
Wait
BestWorkmanship
Best Material
Lowest Prices
I I
Block
BACK OF
Y.W.G.A. ;.v - - . . : . .--.- -. ,
''"V-atfe- i - . .. ... .,..- . , ..mSrifa..,. ., . ' - -"
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 15, 1917.
SEVEN
A
n
.
r
Review Want Ads
Advertisements under this head
lane, with a tninimnm charge of 26
Review office not later than 8 p. m.
Mate Help Wanted
LEARN actual auto repairing, book
keeping, shorthand, radio, engineer
ing. Y. M. C A, Los Amtsles. Cat
alog free.
HELP WANTED Applications for
"Review" routes asked for from
WIDE AWAKE boys between 13 and
16 years old. 126
Female Help Wanted
WANTED Chambermaid. Victoria
HoteL 157
WANTED Maid for general house
work. Phone IT. 77
WANTED First class cook, a white
woman, also laundress. Monday and
Tuesday preferred. Phone 77. 76
WANTED Girl for general house
work. Mrs. Houle, Denn Mine. Phone
543. 86
Position Wanted
YOUNG MAN Experienced collector,
wants Job. M. M. V. care Review.
246
Wanted
WANTED To rent four or five room
house. Three children In, family.
Address Bjx 423, Bis bee. 250
WANTED Plain and fancy sewing.
Phone 330. Call 59B O. K. st. 210
WANTED To buy modern home, 7
rooms, good location. - Box 321 city.
211
WANTED Shotgun; must . be in
good condition and cheap for cash;
state all in first letter. Box 2385,
Bisbee. 173
WANTED To rent 5 or 6-rocm un
furnished house in Warren. Phone
H. H. Riley, care Central Pharmacy.
209
WANTED Typewriting to do at home
of evenings. Box 1370, Bisbee Ar
izona. 760
WANTED Telegraphers, stenograph
era, bookkeepers; students earn
board, room tuition. -. Mackay Busi
ness College. Los Angeles. 7S9
For Sale
FOR SALE Twelve. stool lunch coun
ter. A mtmey maker. Owner must
seek lower altitude,
striped tent. LowelL ,
Inquire at
. -701
FOR SALE Engineer'' IMn. -Cui"ly
Wye Level, folding typewriter desk.
Pivune 78SW, cr address Box 401,
Douglas. 151
FOR SALE: Complete fumed oak din
ing set half price; party leaving
town. Address Vox 676, Warren.
170
FOR SALE 1915 Buick. 700. Lowell
Repair Shop, Johnson Addition.
171
FOR SALE Some real values In low
priced furniture. Call 55 Roberts
ave. after 5 p. m. 158
FOR SALE i room furnished house,
57A O. K. street Phone Black 685.
261
FOR SALE Columbia 60 hornless
phonograph, 64 assorted 10 and 12
inch records, including seven Harry !
Lauder. Will sell complete. Liv
ingston, Warren, 411 Haveland st
119
FOR SALE 6 l'Jora house, close ln,
$1,000 cash, balance easy. Apply to
M. C. High. 236
FOR SALE 4 room furnished house.
In enr.A ronrtitlnn fn Snn'h ttfetiao '
375 cash, balance, easy payments.
Apply to M. C. High. 236
pnn o . V 1. .
"k-JI;..::; 7' : I. :
ter tank. Miller HilL Call Tom
Bank, Bisbee.
128'
FOR SALE 6 room house and furniture,-
$500 cash, balance like rent
. Opera Drive. Apply to M. C. High.
236
PETEY DINK Yes, Fiction
W7&Tn$ t f rl , ?sfZr ?; m J yfepp-'&z?1- ( ma,tter witu girl, cet mgr.
, ..-. - - . - - -1, r .... . : . t ! .' ' : . U.1.-" t ...V . ' 1 ' . . r i ' , .. . ., I
at the rate of 1 cent per word for each
cents. Advertisements must reach Th
for Insertion in the next morning paper
For Sale.
FOR SALE Lunch room and soda
water fountain, very low rent. Have
good reason for selling. Will stand
Investigation. Address Box 3074,
Lowell, Ariz. 248
FOR SALE! Shoe shop in prominent
mining camp up-to-date machinery,
In perfect condition, good chance for
a good shoemaker. For information
call at Review Office. F. N. 249
FOR SALE 50x100 ft. lot on new
road end of car line. Tombstone
Canyon; terms. I. F. Burgess.
Miners' & Merchants' Bank. 129
FOR SALE 160 acres, good farming
land. E. Sulger, C. & A. Office, War
ren. ,. 116
FRESH, RIPE TOMATOES, for can
nlng, 5c per pound, at my ranch near
Naco.
Will deliver if quantity is!
ordered. Chase L. Purdy. 300
For Rent
FOR RENT or Lease 4 iJom furnished
house 110 Youngblood hlU. 212
FOR RENT $20' per month, in High-, ioQe ana survey No. 2244 Gold Hill ship 23 South .Ranee 25 East G. & S
land Park,S-rcJm furnished bunga I Iod(!i respectively, to Corner No. , thejH- B. & M. bears North 70 23' East
lo; light and water and phone. Ap j Northeast Corner; thence South 4' ; 3844.8 feet; thence North 87 11 West
ply at Uncle Jim's, Brewery Gulch. 4S. asl 236.40 feet to Corner No. 7; ' 148.90 feet to Corner No. 2, the South
174 j mence South 32 25 West 391.20 feel j west Corner; thence North 60 13
j tu Corner No. 1, the plaec tf the be-! West 16.50 feet along lines 1-6 and 2 5
Furnished Rooms jgmnln.g containing a total are Survey No. 2186 Marquette No. 1 Rdt
I 1 17.917 acres. The presumed course ol j and Survey No. 2244 Bisbee Queen No
FOR RENT 3 rooms lor gentlemen. the vein on this claim Is from the j 3 lode respectively, to Corner No. 3.
110 ner month. Private American t
Home. Good board close.
No. 80 Upper Lowell.
Inquire
247 j
FOR RENT Nice Sunny front room j
suitable for one or two centlemen. :
93C Youngblood Hill. 251
FOR RENT 3 furnished housekeeping
rooms No. 8 Johnson ave., Johnson I
addition, also large furnished house-
keeping or batching rooms. Custom
House. Phone Green 696. ;64 i(lenUca, Corner No. , Survey No.!
FOR RENT 3 room, for housekeep-1 South Side lode; thence North ;
ins, 21 fi rinera Driv 212 t 52' West 614.60 reel along lines S-4
ing, ib upera Drive. f'and 1-6. Survey No. 2244. Sbuth Side ,
FOR RENT Front room for a gentle ! and Survey No. 2188, Worren lodes,!
man. Inquire upstairs, 200 Tomb- i respectively, to Corner No. 4. the 1
stone Canyon. Metz Car stop.
225
-
FOR RENT 2 housekeeping itoms.J6
O. K. street, 220.
' . ' ' Z "
rt RfvT8e housekeep ng
yroom. back Lock.e apartmenu, 1JC
Clawson ave. 211
M00S2 HOTEL Furnished
3.00 per welr and up.
room. 1
ni: 1
' i
FOR RENT 1 furnished room cab-:
ftiet. 1 Apply Mason Rooming House i ' . "Don Miguel ND. 2.
Low-ell. 194 Beginning at Corner No. 1. th ;
j Northeast" Corner, whence the Wes '.
LOST ! Juarter Corner of Section 30, Town i
! : - :shlp 23 South. Range 25 East G. & S j
insTi.-t, ,r. 7R. B. & M. bears South 84 21' 30;
Grogan, General Delivery. Bisbee
Finder please leave at Review office
o
; 2ZJ2
M. f :
IVllSCeUaneoms
EXPERT naner hanger and naintor c
J Brandt Phone 456 150 Eff,
Branat.Pp0Pe 45S Box 150. .57
WE do general house cleaning, solder '
ing, plumbing, repairing furniture
stoves and painting. Phone 742, Gim
enes. Reasonable pr'ces. 6?
Money To Loan.
50,000 to loan on improved city prop
eny or ior Duiiaing, on easy termr :
of payment. T. A. Hughes, over '
Bank o. Bisbee. 697 '.
- :
saialiL, quicx loans on your personal
roVrTedrnTandwreonal,,iuarter corner or section so-
so on furniture. Cox Lona Co. Room i.m m smith Ranim w-t r :
2. Lyric Theatre buildlnr. lfifi :
O. K. LIVERY AND
UNDERTAKING CO.
Robert Henessey, Prop.
ODDOgite DenoL AmtuUnn.
1
With all these oil 'stoves exploding
in the army camps, there Is some one
hanging around who should be made'
to take bis seat on those stoves and
be needn't have his trousers on,'
either. i
Gels Mabel Going
LEGAL NOTICES.
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR
UNITED STATES PATENT
Mineral Survey No. 3277. Serial No.
036120. United States Land Office,
Phoenix, Arizona, August 31, 1917.
Notice Is hereby given that Alfred
Paul, whose post office address is
Douglas, Arizona, has -made applica
tion for patent for the following
named lode mining claims, situate in
the Warren Mining Di&trict, Cochise
County, Arizona:
Don Miguel
Beginning at Corner Nto. 1, the
Southeast Corner, whence the West
quarter Corner of Section 30. Town
ship 23, South, Range 25 East. G. & S.
R. B. & M. bears South 85 36' East
1941.1 feet; thence North 69 39' West
1500 feet along lines 1-6 and Z-3 Sur
vey No. 2244, South Side and Gold Hill
luaes, respectively, to Corner No. 2,
liie Southwest Corner; thence Norti
32" 25' East 467.60 feet to Corner No.
3: thence South 68 46' East 664.30
ftat alnn. linm 3-9 anH SnrvAV N!n
1 i ox "wave iuuw oiiu ouiTcy nu.
Gold Hill lode, respectively to Corner I
.No. 4; thence North 43 52' East
M.3.20 feet along lines 2-1 and 6 6 ol
Survey No. 1781. Cave lode and
vey N o. 2244. Gold Hill lode, respec-j
lively, to Corner No. 6; thence South
6'J 38' 30" East 654.30 feet along
itn i- mil tut Ktirvv wti mKa RrvMi
W est end center South 69 39' East
1500 feet
"Don Miguel No. 1"
Beginning at Corner No.
i
1 the'
Northeast Corner, whence the Westitively. to Corner No. 4, the Northweai
nmrttr rvirner of (taction an Town-1 Corner; thence South 87 11' Easi
ship 23 South. Range 25 East G. S.
R. B. & M. bears sooth 85 37' asr
4935.1 feet: thence South
8J 2f'
West 584 feet to Corner No. 2, the
,hBaet Pnrner. ,,.
(5 Wegt g86 reet No 3.
; Southwest Corner: thence North .12 !
i25' East 364 40 feet to Corner No. 5.
t!ie Northwest Corner; thence Soutt !
w 39- gagt J506.40 feet to Ct)rne I
! No. 1. the place of beginning; contain !
!ti j .
1 excludlcg area ln . connicl ;
, 19n Q T , .
0.123 acres,
The presumed course 01 ;
Uie vein ou this claim Is from the East
end center North 68 26' West 1499.! ;
fet !
1 East 4235 feet; thence South 32 23' ! ordoi Mines, page 407
I 974.10 feet to Corner No. 2. um. The names of the adjoining claim,
' Southeast Corner; thence Nbrth 59' ! r: On the north the Cave, Bel
, w west 581.40 feet to Corner No. S,"- Mary- and "Mascot lodes; ol
; the Southwest Corner; thence Koru J the South. "Edith,' "Lena," "Ma-Qtiett.
. v,. 25, Eagt 974 10 feet t0 Corner No j 1(- "COra." "Bangor - "Burfalo," "Clr
ln Northwest Corner, thenct ; cus" and "Warren- lodes; on the East
'uth 59 48' East 681.40 feet to Cor I "Little Elsie. Utile Mary- sue
h-innm. wa "Ocatea lodes; on the West Xast
talnlne a total area of lf4 93z pr!, '
Expressly excluding area In conflici
with Don Miguel No. 1 lode of this sui
vey, of 0.084 acres, and Survey No
2019 Little Mary lode of 2.527 acres,
and Don Miguel No. 4 lode ot this bur
ey of 0.866 acree. . The presumed
course of the vein on this claim lb
irom me rnorxn ena center &ouin a i
25' West 974.1 feet, j
"Don Miguel No. 3" j
Beginning at Corner No. 1. tn.
Southeast Corner, whence tiie Wes;
Ell A WriMl
r n m ZJm sn.h iT- i'
16'
1606.1 feet; thence North 59 48' Wesi 1
176.80 feet to Corner No. 2, the South
vreat corner; mence norm
U-ul QnC OA foot t Pun.., Mn 5 Ih.
- - ' -
Northwest Corner; thence South 59
tu 03 i
N- 4 !
' East 176.80 feet tu Corner
l" . 1 u"ucu" UT' " . l"Iul-c 0""u !
4 49' E81 906-80 'eel to Corner No.
PROFESSIONAL CARDS
! to corner No. 2; thence N. 78' 20' W.. several months arrived at an Atlantic
PAT CLEARY, painter. Member 347.50 feet to corner No. 3; thence N. port Tuesday, bringing 1207 passen
Builders' Exchange. Box 1495. 347 2 14' W. 574 feet to corner No. 4; gers.
LEGAL NOTICES.
l, the place of beginning; containing
it total area ol a.ui acres, citpretisij
excluding area in conflict with Surve
No.
1953 liryen lode exclusive of lU
conflict with Survey No. 2244 Bisbt
Quen No. 2 lode tf 1-403 acres. Tlie
presumed course of the vein on tni
claim is from the North end ceutei
South 4 49' East 906.8 feet.
"Don Miguel No. 4."
Beglnnlng at Corner No. I, th
Northeast Corner, whence the West
quarter Corner of Section 30, Town
ship 23 South, Range 25 East G. & S.
R. B. & M. bears North 75 35' East
3334.5 feet; thence South 51 17
West 631 60 feet to Corner No. 2, the
Southeast Corner; '.hence North 63
22' West 1018.20 feel along llie 2-3.
Survey No. 2244, Bisbee Queen lode U
Corner No. 3; thence Norm 48 56
West 447 feet to Corner No. 4, tlit
Southwest Corner; thence North 61
17' East 600 feet to Corner No. 5, th
Northwest Corner; thence South 56'
55' East 1500 feet to Corner No. 1.
I the place of beginning; containing
; totai area of 18.913 acres, expressly ex
1 cludinc area in conflict with
Survoj
. . .
i "" '
cvaimh het ,m? CenU"
Sur-;Nonh 56 55' West 1500 feeL
"Don Miguel Nc. 6."
Beginning at Corner No. 1, ihu
' southeast Corner, whence the Wes.
Quarter Corner of Section 30. Town
tnence r.onu 0 oo h.hm. w
alone lines 6 5 and 3-4. Survey No
1186, Marquette 1 lode and Survey No
2244. Bisbee Queen No. 3 lode respec
127.10 feet to Corner No. 5, the Nona
eust Corner; thence South 48 6
East 915.30 feet along line 5-6 Survt
No. 2244 BlBbee Queen No. 3 lode u
Corner No. 6: thence Sbuth 66 65
East 120.10 fet along line 6-1 Surve
No. 2244 Bisbee Quen No. 3 lode U
Corner No . 1. the b?l
coniainlng a total area of 1.849 acreb
expressly excluding area In conflici
with Don Miguel No. 4 of this survti
of 0.827 acres. The presumed cours.
or me vein on mis cia.nu is irom im
Soutn end center North 48 66' Wesi
1013.1 feet.
The locations notifies of said claim.
are recorded in the oftice of the CDuu
ty Recor(ler 0l CochUe County. An
.una. as follows:
-Don MigUel." Book 54 Record o.
Mines, pago w;
JLon Mitiiel iw. 1, ijook 0 uec
ord ot Mines, page 403;
"Don Miguel No 2," Book 54. Kecorc
of Mines, page 4U4: -,
"n Miguel No. 3,
ord of Mines, page 405:
"Don Miguel No. 4."
ord of Mines, page 406;
"Don Miguel No. 5.
Book 54, Rec
Book 4, Rec
Book 54, Rec
i Chance'
Chance" lode
I J. L. IRVIN, Register.
! First Publication, Sept- 23, 1S17
I Last Publication. November 30. 1917
1 NOTICE OF APPLICATION
FOR U.
S. PATENT.
Mineral Survey No. 3374.
Serial No. C36635.
United States Land Office, Phoenix.
October 31. 1917. ' '
Notice is hereby given that R. A.
, n - I
. . ... .. .
Ar ,onBl "a 6 . PPcat.on .or
! patent for the following named lode
mining rlaims. situated In the Warren.
mining claims, situated In the Warren
Mining District, Cochise county, Arizo-
na. In Sections 13 and 14, Township 23-!
s k -in po 'i-h linannrovert ( . jCr .s 1 (
, , o- , .
B. & M.. described, as follows, to-wit
"ROCKLAND" Beginning at Cjrn
orner ,
No. 1
the
W1.4 CQr sec lg T 23.s R 25.E c &
s. corner.
whence the
, S. R. B. & M. bears S.78 58' E. 3233.9
( feet; thence N. 83" 34' V, 1158.70 feet
LEGAL NOTICES.
thence S. 83 34' E. 1,500 feet to cor
ner No. 5; thence S. 2" o4' E. 606 feet
'to corner No. I, the place of beginning,
containing a net area of 18.658 acres,
expressly excluding area in conflict
with Survey No. 3158, Rolla lode of
1.858 acres.
"BLACK BEN." Beginning at cor-!
ner No. 1, the S. E. corner, whence the
Wl-4 cor. of Sec. 18. T. 23-S. R. 25-E, G.
& S. R. B. & M. bears S. 80 03' E.
4737.2 feet; thence N. 78 20' W. 1150.
50 feet to corner No. 2 ; thence N. 65
23' W. 377.80 feet to corner No. 3;
thence N. 2 04' W. 530.40 feet to cor
ner No. 4: thence S. 78 20' E. 1500
feet to corner No. 5; thence S. 2 04'
E. 617.60 feet to corner No. 1, the place
of beginning, containing a net area 01 j
20.112 acres. exDressly excluding area ;
in conflict with Sunshine lode of this
survey of 0.20S" acres.
"SUNSHINE". Beginning at corner!
No. 1. the S. E. corner, whence the W
1-4 cor of Sec. 18. T. 23-3.. R 25-E, G.t
& S. R. B. & M. bears S. 78 51' E 6,-1
256 feet; thence S. 82', 04' W. 959.30
feet to corner No. 2; thence N. 1 41 j
E 600 feet to corner No. 3; thence N.
81 48 E. 960.10 feet to corner No. 4:
thence S 1 41' W. 604.50 feet to cor-!
ner No. i. the place of beginning, con-'
. 1 10 sen o.'
pressly exclndtng aera in conflict with ;
Survey No. 2412, Apache lode of 0.217 j
acres.
The location notices of these claims
are recorded in the office of the Coun-
ty Recorder of Cochise county, Arizo
na, as follows:
Rockland, Book 49, Record of Mines,
page 137.
Black Ben. Book 49, Record of Mines :
page 132.
Sunshine. Book 49, Record of Mines j
page 139. I
The names bf the adjoining claims to j
this survey are; on the north. Survey'
No. 2412, Apache lode; Neglected and
Anna, unsurveyed; owned by applicant!
haain. Ina ..net. runvoH - . I
"T " . " '-1!;0 I
the East Survey No. 3158, Rolla lode; j
on the Sou'.h Survey No. 1794, Grenreli I
lode; Survey No. 2176, Cannelita and 1
(-r.nna IliJaa. C.vn.r Vn Ch.t.
tuck No. 2; and Survey No. 3158, Car-
melita and Corona lodes on the-West j
Survey No. 1794. Calumet lode.
J. L. IRWIN. Register.
First publication, Nov. 7. 1917.
Last publication, Jan 16, 1918.
025782025876 ,
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the Interior, U. S. land
office at Phoenix. Arizona, October ,
27. 1917.
Notice Is hereby given that Ira E. '
Loomis of Buena. Arizona, who on Sep-
tember 25. 1914. made homestead entry
No. 025782, for wl-2 ne 1-4, sel-4 nwl-4,
nwl-4 Be 1-4. sec. 27; on October 12..
1911, K. E. 025867 for el 2 nel-4. uel-4 '
sel-4, sw 1-4 sel-4. sec 27, township 21-s
range 21-e, meridian, has filed notice of
Intention to make three year proof, to
establish claim to tbel andabove de -
scribed, before Jared D. Taylor. U. S. .
commissioner at Bisbee. Arizona, on
Claimant names as witnesses:
W ra. A. Morris, of Buena, Arizona, :ablish claim to the land above de
Frank B. Moson of Lewis Springs, ' scribed, before J. D. Taylor, U. S. Corn
Arizona. ; aiissloner, at Bisbee, Arizona, on the
Cassius R. KnWes. of Buena, Aria. ' 21st day of November 1917.
Paul H. Knoles of Buena, Arizona. claimant names as witnesses:
JOHN L. IRVIN, ! Chester A. Nelson, William A. Lytle,
Register. Carl Carlson. Gerrlt Whltefoot, all of
First Publication, Ooctober 30, 1917. : Hereford. Arizona.
. Advertl8ement-201 ; j. l. IRVIN,
1 Register.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION. j First Publication, October 16, 1917
Department of the 'Interior, U. S. Land Last Publication, November 20, 1917.
Office at Phoenix, Arizona, Octobei
13, 1917. , j
Notice Is hereby given that Freder
ick J. Murrell of Herpftird. Arizona I
who. on September 1. 1910, made Here-
ford, Arizona. No. 012016. for NW1-4
section 28. township 23S.. range. 22E., '
G. & S. TL B. & Meridian, ha. fiw
notice of intention to make five year
"OOYe uescnoea, oeiore J. u. layior.
. s. commissioner, at Bisbee. Arizona
on the 23rd day of November. 1917. I
. 1
Claimant names as witnesses
Edward Wilcox, John C. Calhoun.
william . whil' chag
""" A. W 0116, CnaS.
A. Martin.
... , . , .
nll vl ioc.msu, Arizona.
J. L. IRVIN.
Reeister.
First Publication October 17. 1917.
First Scandinavian passenger steam
ship to reach America from Norway in
Lodge
BI8BEE LODGE. NO. 718.
leets every Friday night. Moose Hall.
lsitIll brothers cordially Invited.
TONKIN, Dictator.
rqsS, Secretary.
JUNIOR
ORDER UNITED AMERI
CAN MECHANICS.
Meets In Medlgovicb
Hall, second and fourth
Tuesdays each month .
Visiting brothers wei
come.
p D LANE, Councillor.
j u BENTON. Recording Secretary
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OR AM ERICA.
DREADNOUGHT.
NO. 210.
Meets In L O.
O. F. Hall first
and third
MONDAY
at 7:30 p. m.
Visiting broth
ers cordially
Invited to a
tend.
j GEO SLEEMAN. W. M.
ROBERT FERGUS. Secretary
P. O. Box 426. Bisbee.
FRATERNAL ORDER EAGLES.
Bisbee Aerie, No. 176, F. O. E, meets
drst and third MONDAYS, 8. p. m.
"Pes Hon. visitors coroiauy -ei
RICHARD DAVIS, President,
. rr,,mxjcAv . p
C. L. EDMONSON. Aerie Physician.
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS
Rathbone Lodge No. 10,
Knights of Pythias
meets ' each Thursday
(except second) in Odd
Fellows' Hall at 7:30
p. m. Visiting brothers
cordially invited.
i FRANK BRUNING, C. C.
J. C. KRIGBAUM. K. of R. S.
LEGAL NOTICES
021399-026606
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the Interfcr, U. 3. Land
Office at Phoenix. Arizona. October j
V, Mil. I
Notice is hereby given that Casimir
q. Williams of Ft. Huachuca. Arizona, j
-ho. on February 24, 1913, made home- j
' 3tead entry. No. f21399. fev Nl-2. NE1-4
ji - 2 NW1-4, Sec. 34 and Add1. H. E !
J26606. for Sl-2 SE1-4. Sl-2 SW1-4. Sec.
, township 22S. range 21E, G. 4S.Ii;
lion to make three year protf, to es-
024529.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department bf the Interior, U. S. Land ,
015ce at Pnx, Arizona. October;
6 1917, !
Notice is hereby given that Julius!
E. Haase, of Hereford, Arizona, who,;
on March 4, 1914, made homestead en
try, No. 024529 for SE1-4 Section 19,
Township 23S. Ranee 22 E G. & S. R.
B. & Meridian, has filed notice of in- j
tention to make three year proof, tto es-;
tablish claim to the land above de-,
scribed, before J. D. Taylor, U. S. Com-1
missioner, at tsisoee. Arizona, on me
I 20th day of November, 1917. ,
J Claimant names as witnesses
; Herman Haase, Samuel C
Leslie Wilcox, Frank C. Cobbe.
Giles. I
all of 1
Hereford. Arizona.
t. L. IRVIN.
Register.
First Publication. October 16. 1917
' Last Publication, November 21. 1917.
t-
1 1 ii-vrxAt
0
m
i
!
Notices
WEEK ENDING NOV. 17, 1917.
Monday.
Tuesday
Wednesday 2d Degree.
Thursday Commander.
Friday 3rd
Saturday.
N. C. BLEDSOE, W. M.
B. T. W ATKINS, Secy. F. A A. U.
A M. COLWELL, E. H. P.
C. F. PHILBROOK. T.LK.
J. E FRY, E C.
F a DAVENPORT, Secretary Chapter
and CommaAdery.
W. R. BANKS. Secretary Counefl.
T. F. BL
FRATERNAL
BROTHERHOOD
Bisbee Lodge No.
452 meets the 1st
and 3rd Mondays
of each month at
7:30 at Medlgo
vicb HaO. Visit
ing members cordially Invited.
PHIL. DAVIS, President.
MRS. C. E. F1NOTTL Treasurer.
Bo 723, TeL 236, Red.
KATHER1NE SALHOLM. Secretary.
LODGE NO. 71.
Regular meeting first and third Fri
day of each month. Visiting brothers
cordially Invited to attend.
R E. WARNER. Exalted Ruler.
T. A. KELLY, Secretary.
PYTHIAN SISTERS.
Lily Temple, No. 3 .meets every 2nd
and 4th Thursday evening of each
month at Odd Fellows HaJL Visiting
sisters are cordially Invited.
ANNA HART, M. E C.
JEANET SWEENEY, M. of R C
WOODMEN CIRCLE.
Meeta ln Medlgovlch Hall 2nd and
th Fridays of each month.
HATTIE A. LUKE, Guardian.
PAULINE F. BROWN. Oerk.
P. O. Box 2L
KNIGHTS AND LADIES OF SECUR
ITY, BISBEE COUNCIL NO. 2115
Meets every Second and Fourth Sat
urdays In the mbnth at L O. O. F.
hall, 7:30 p. m. Visiting members are
cordially Invited.
ARNOLD SCHMID. President, P. O.
Box 3483. Lowell. Ariz.
FREDERICK J. ATTAWAY.
Secretary, LbwelL
p a-
LoweU.
BISBEE LODGE. No. 10, I. O. O, F.
Meeta every
WEDNESDAY
evening at Odd
.7? rZ 1 eI,0W',.,
SSSJS'uJ-VJf
GEO. MUNSEY. N. G.
C D. KIR BY, Secretary.
IMPROVED ORDER RED MEN.
.f X MeeU first and third
a .
Thursdays at 7:0 p. m.
ln Medlgovlch HalL AU
visiting Red Men Invited
to attena.
Wb. DELBR1DGE, Sachem.
W. D. COHEN. Medicine Man
F. C. FENDERSON, C of R.
MODERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA
Bisbee Camp No. 13416.
Meets first Tuesday el
Odd Fellows Hall
R L. MOTZ, ConfiL
H. r MATHEWSON.
Clerk.
ORDER OF EASTERN STAR.
meets In Masonic HaP
Pearl Chapter. No. (. meeU
ln Masonic Hall second and
fourth Tuesday of eac
month at 7:30 p. m.
"" A'A --KI""U?: S'-'Z.-
t none aiou. r. v 011, nwuro.
MRS JESSE BEVAN. Sec'y. P. O. Box
.2g9 chairman Relief Com. Phone 16L
WOODMEN OF THE WO"tLD.
Lowell Camp Na 46 will
meet every Wervsdar
at 7:30, Bropy HaO.
H. C. LANDAU, C. C.
O. B. THOMAS. Clerk
All Woodmen invited.
BvC A. VOKOT EIGHT
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW,' THURSDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 15, 1917.
LAST TIME TONIGHT
eagle theatre I CENTRAL THEATRE i
I -- ll TONIGHT-LAST TIME COMMENCING 6:15 P. M.
1 a CFWfiRiTl'S DAGGER la not nnlf na chnrn as the lashes of her toneue. While the senorita's dagger Is Si!) -
S idle, her coquettish ways lead three men into difficulties. p 8
I WM. FOX PRESENTS R. A. WALSH'S DRAMA i 111 P 0 S 0 T IJ' Q Alf FmPl
1 tt, tt- ptf a tt'f tt- m II EJi Vw 13188 8 1110 0 nwLlyya
MB-.C-1-K-A-Y-E-Dy
i WTH lis SPF.P1AI. MIISIP. RY ORPMFSTRA
NO CONSCIENCE"
OR THOU SHALT NOT KILL Suggested by Edgar Allen Toe's "TELL TALE HEART," and Annabel Lee reuturlng Blanche Sweet and Henry
Wathal. The most mysterious, sensational, exciting Photoplay ever deviled. Another achievement of the master mln.1 of D. W. Griffith, the
producer of "BIRTH OF A NATION" and "INTOLERANCE." :
MIRIAM- COOPER, Star of Intolerance
With an all-star cast, including JAMES MARCUS, HOBART BOSWORTH. of SEA WOLF fame. MONTE
BLUE AND WHEELER OAKMAN, of "NE'ER DO WELL" lame. The best Fox Production of the year.
ADMISSION, CHILDREN 10c, ADULTS 20c
I
PRIVATE SANITARIUM.
Call Black 573 for terms, etc.
Advertisement-974
tending the lair. They are the guet3 out the county as "Slim Caldwell," In about fifteen years left their respecti'a
nf Tr an.t r r v. a. Dorun. This U one of the prosperous ranchers Ql the homes Tnenday nirht and were seec
Admission 10 and 15 cents.
Admission 10 and 15 cents.
the first visit 'jf Mr. Cain to the. Sal:
River Valley. riioenix Republican.
R. R. WATCH INSPECTORS
Prompt repairing, careful workman
ship, courteous treatment. Lowell
Jewelry Sbtp. Adv. 886
Buckwhent
Kitchen.
cakes-' at the
English
Adv-239
valley and had hosts of friends who
: wish him and his bride the best of
success in their new life.
Buckwheat cakes with country or
Jones' sausage, at the English Kitch
en.
MUST GIVE NOTICE
Instructions have been issued
Mexico City that establishments
at
LENSES NEEDED
em- MaJ"Jr Gen. George O. Squire, I'. S.
ploying large numbers of Working peo- i A., chief signal officer of the army, has
Adv-239 1 1'le will not be allowed to close their; issued an appeal to the people of tPe
i doors peremptorily, but must give ibir-1 country to help the Signal Corps get
SOLDIERS AND SAILORS ' ty days' notice of such intention or o h-! lenses enough for the fleet of observa-
She went in for the Bohemian life be
cause she was a
"Hater of Men"
A pretty newspaper woman with a very
strong mind of her own
Bessie Barriscale
Is the bewitching man-hater in
The most delightful of C Gardner Sul
livan's comedies, produced by
THOS. H. INCE
The relatives and friends of all sol-; er-s ise must pay each enip.oye
When your tooth aches, see a den-. $iera an(1 8ajior8 from tne barren Dis-i month's wages in lieu of notice.
tlst When your battery is ailing, see; trct are reques.ed to send the names i
battery experts. Willard Service Sta-, and addresses to Mrs. R. B. Callisdn. P. ! ENTERED F LEAS OF GUILTY.
tlon, LtowelL Adv.-360 Q. Box 3672 Lowell. Phone Red 522. ' w- E- D0'6 and - Harrison
one . tion airplanes now in process of con-
;s:ructiou. General Squire p'jit.ts out
i that the need is immediate and oi
' great importance, as suitable lenses
who 1 cannot be bought. Hundreds are im-, aoout tne same age as this, mat suouta
about midnight in the company of te
soldiers. Their parents reported their
disappearance to the officers and tv.ey
were located in Naeo yesterday mo-n-Ing
and biught back to their home's.
They had some of their clothes ith
them and called at the Warren Ranch
early yesterday morning. They rtr'u.v
ed to give their names and then went
on in the direction of Naco. They
said that they were leaving home and
not going back. There are a number
of young girls that are to be seen on
the streets at midnight and later, of
We wish l reach them all on Thanks-
were arrested in this city a few night ' mediately needed. Persons ownins; ; at nrae tnose nour nI
L. I. Gilman sells the New Edison. , giving and Christmas day. WARREN g lr attempting to break into the , lenses ana wno wisn to am tne btgnat
"the phonograph with a soul." I DISTRICT SOLDIERS' COMFORT AS- slaS Dump garage, yesterday entered i Corps should communicate with the
isncTATinv aHv.m?, pitas of Kuilty in the superior court at! photographic division of the Signal
ROCKHILL'S STAGE. j
1 1 i3isDee-i oraDsione, weaves uisDee ;
Bisbee Auto Co., 7 a. m., 1:30 p. m. 7- j
passenger cars. , Carexul drivers.
Phone, Bisbee 5. Adv
Dr. Playfair, Osteopath, 98 Maston
I HilL Mason car stop. Phone Blue 647.
4y. 231
ORIGINAL BISBEE-TOMBSTONE
Stage Line.
City Briefs
,
Has anyone Tisited you? Or
have you entertained? If so, call
the Review after 6 p. m. and tell
the Society Editor, Phone 33.
'
TomhKfone and were sentenced tn I torps. Mills UUUding Annex. asniii'-
o orn, nf iv nmnth. or ha,.? i ton, describing their lenses and stat-
! labor on the county road.
ing the price they wish for them. The
lenses desired are. lr the most part,
of German make.
mothers should see to it that they are.
The officers are contemplating pich'ri
up all girls of this age unless acccni
panied by their parents and holding
them until morning and reporting the
case to their mothers.
AUTO OVERTURNS
Rome special says Vatican hears
that peace terms of central powers
will be announced officially New
j EXTRA PULLMAN TO PHOENIX
i The El Paso and Southwestern has
of Cochise county desiring to go to Fire Chle' Nemlck of Doulas Much Importance is attached
irnoenix with the best of accommoda-j Barney Nort'jn of a nar" , ? that von Hertling accepted
1 tions, by adding an extra Pullman from : , ,
.1 .
PATHE NEWS. No. 86 Showing CURRENT EVENTS
TONIGHT
! Douglas during the early part of fair i
week. The first car left Monday night I
. aud there has
i since.
been one every day I
The original Tombstone stage leavej ; LEFT FOR PROENIX
dally at 7 a. m. and 1:30 p. m. from j. s. McNeish was an outcoine nas-
i' Cochise Motor Co., Phone 444. Leaves j senger yesterday for Phoenix where lie!
punctually on time daily. Night tele-will take in the Shriners meeting as1 Ma bl,trl OIA' "VI"','"
! nhnne. fireen 3f.8.' 97R ! uj1I th. hlnn r .ho ,t foi Nathan Wright, who Was
ORPHEUM THEATRE
97R1 well as the balance or the atnte fair Nathan V right, who was arrested
(Advertisement) j i in Xac a 'ew days ago by Deputy
GONE TO PHOENIX
MADAM CAGNEY j Mrs. Edith Hudson has gone to Phoc-
your destiny. Call before ; nix to attend the state fair. She will
1 1 neaua
making changes or new investments.
In a tent across from Central Theatre.
Adv-47
return the first of next week.
FROM HEREFORD
Frank Cobb and M Weizel were in , of 25.00.
j the city yesterday from Hereford on a '
i Sheriff Howe on a charge of trans-
porting intoxicating liquor, entered a
i plea of guilty in the superior court at
Tombstone yesterday and was sen
tenced to serve a term of six months
: on the county road and to pay a fine
miles from here on the Hereford road
on the way to Phoenix when their au
to overturned Neniick was driving
and Barney was telling him about the
road, and they b'jth thought they were
going to a fire and were exceeding the
chancellorship on condition that he
be allowed a free hand to hasten
peace.
MORE REGULATIONS.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
NEW YORK. Nov. .14. Cnvernnr
speed limit when they struck the sharp Qr the stock exchange today took fur-
Kovai I
aeatre
TODAY
Continuous Show 12 to 10 P. M.
MADAM J. REA KEYS
j At the St Regit Hotel,
i Room 10, Lowell, Arizona.
; PHRENOLOGIST & ASTROLOGlST j
The greatest living, spiritually or- LADIES' AID TO MEET.
Idained medium and crystal reader.; Trie Ladies' Aid of the
short business trip They returned late j HA REMITTED
in the afternoon ' County Treasurer Harry Ross has
curve just before crossing the bridge
below. Don Luis and the machine
turned turtle. Both were thrown from
the machine and escaped with a few
bruises but the machine had to be
brought back here. The chiefs then
took the train to Phoenix, so as ft be
there in time to attend the state meet
ing of the firemen.
ther steps to minimize speculative op
erations by adopting a resolution re
quiring all members to submit every
day at noon to the clearing house a
detailed statement embodying amounts
and names of all stocks sold and
bought, either for their own account
or tht of customers.
WANTED FOR THEFT
! remitted vo State Treasurer Johnson a , Local officers here have been notified j
.puiLiuii ui 1MB Biaie luxes cuiin-ieu lu , to Iook out for a e)tjcan wno goes
Methodist Cochise countv and il amounts to ov-! Dy tue name of Frank Lue He is
Without asking questions I will read , church, will meet with Mrs. Livings-! er -jU U"w- lne oaiance oi tne state ; wanted in Tempe for stealing a horse,
j your entire life. If you dobut my abl-1 ton at her ' home in Tombstone Caa-' taxes wlH be remitted during the pres- buggy an(1 a gir, twenty-one years old.
BLUEBIRD PHOTOPLAYS. Inc.
Introduces
DOROTHY PHILLIPS
In An Exclusive Photo-Version of
'TRIUMPH"
Directed by Joseph De Grasse
from Samuel Hopkins Adam's
Great Story Originally Appeal
ing in Collier's.
Phctoplaylng "As You Like It."
Gripping Scenes
Thrilling Climaxes
I
Prices always the tame 10c & 15c
Coming Tomorrow
Griffith's Great Masterpiece
"THE AVENGING
CONSCIENCE"
Vividly exemplifying the 5th
commandment. Thou Shalt Not
Kill. Produced by the orginal
"Birth or a Nation" Company.
Special musical accompaniment
by"The New Royal Orchestra.-
Continuous Performance
12 to 11 p. m.
Prices Always the Same
10 and 15 Cents
i
! Ity, call and 1 will give you positive
. evidence in your own life. 1 am not to
, be compared with fortune tellers and
; such like, impostors whb prey upon :
the public with their unprincipled
methods. Engagement hours daily
and Sunday, 8 a. m. to 8 p. m. j
Advertiseraent-20S I
yon this afternoon at 2:30 o'clock.
HELD TO ANSWER
Cliff Bass was yesterday held to an
swer to the superior court by Judge
Winters of Lowell for failure to pro
vide for his wife and children. He
was taken to Tombstone by Deputy
Sheriff William Bakfield.
Business Locals
It will pay you to nave us check the
electrical system on your car. Lob
n:an Wiight, LowelL Adv.-360
Better put that flue in before it gets
cold. Call Mainland & Williams,
phone 302. Shop rear Orpheum. All
kinds of sheet metal work. Adv-136 j
If you need a tinner call Mainland &
Williams, Phone 302. Shop in rear of ; MITT SIMS SICK
Orpheum. Adv.-134 j Word has been received in Bisbee
j saying that Mi:t Sims, former state
Expert paper Hanger ana painter. C j treasurer and a prominent citizen of
J. Brandt Phone 456. -Box 150. 580 , Graham county is sick at his borne
j near Safford. His many friends in
When you need a plumber call Main-1 Bisbee will hope for his speedy recov
. land & Williams, Phone 302. Shop In ery.
rear of Orpheum. Adv-135 1
' ISISBEE MAYOR '
R U RENTING? J Jacob Erick.son, mayor or Bisbee, is
Three-rctim house in Lowell; deeded , the guest during fair week of Leo
; lot; $150 down, balance like rent Win-1 Saunders, cashier of the New York
ters & Borrego, Lowell. Adv-203 j LJte insurance office. Mayor Enckson
Kays that affairs are steadily returning
to normal In his city. Phoenix Repub-1
I lican.
; em. nionin. me amount sent, is rrom A reWard .Jf 50 j8 offered for his ar
; me tirst installment or taxes collected . rest. He is described as being about
I for this ?ear- j 35 years old; five feet four Inches tall;
1 . 1 "t nAiinrla onH mtha alAttrlaw kullil
! FOR ACTIVE OI1TV i t, . . I
.. , ne ag Dlacx nair, aarK orown eyes;
; Dr. F. E. Shine, chief surgeon for the'an(i is swarthy. He Is said to speak
. Copper Queen Hospital and the E. V. , good EngHsh but talks rapidly and has
& S. W., in Arizona has gone to Wash-' a haoit of blinking his eyes. He is
ingfjn to report for duty in active ser-j believed to have on a brown telescope
; vice in the army medical corps, liei ng natt.a red 8weater and dark trous-
uri receivea a telegram to noia niui- ers sustained by a belt. The girl is
self in readiness and later received a taler and much heavier than the man.
message to report In Washington at : sile i8 about 21 years old, about 5 reet
once. He is now on his way aud six incnt,8 taU an(1 ha3 a rather large
should be in that city tomorrow. jJse
GET IT
What you pay l'or. Lowell Paint
Shop.. Phone 701, Box 3994, Lowell.
Satisfaction guaranteed. Adv.-202
OR STOMACH MISERY
IN FIVE MINUTES
Tape's Diapepsin" for sour,
. acid stomach, heartburn,
dyspepsia.
Regular Tuesday night dances will
HAS RETURNED
E. E. Ellinwood has returned from a
trip to the northern part of the state
be resumed at Graves' Dancine Acad-i where he was called on legal business
Dr. E. R. Carpenter, Eye, Ear, Nose emy, Brophy Hall, Lowell, commenc- connected with the Phelps Dodge In
and Throat. Douglas every
day. Office, Room No. 19,
Building.
IN SUPERIOR COURT REUNION BROKEN UP
Paul Root of Douglas yesterday en-1 Constable Joe Hodges is a man win
tered a plea or guilty in the superior ;out hcrupies. Tuesday artermAm he
court to selling intoxicating liquors j interrupted a reunion of some seven
and was sentenced to serve a term of: Mexicans who were enjoying theru
twelve months in the county jail and j selves in the vicinity of Lowell. They
to pay a fine of 25. Frank Mundyere singing and imbibing liquid re
and Earnest McDaniels entered pleas , rreshments when he came upon them,
of not guilty to transporting liquor and They were all pretty well filled and it
their cases will come up for trial lat-, took several trips to land them all in
er. A bench warrant was issued for! jail. Upon investigation it was found
O. C. Munn on a similar charge. ! that they had been drinking denatured j
alcol.'jl and it is a wonder that the
WERE MARRIED.
Garnctt W. Caldwell and Miss Rho- its hands. In order to keep them from
da E. Van Cleve were joined in the j committing suicide by that route for at
holy bonds of matrimony last even- least a few .months. Judge Winters
Time It ! In five minutes your sour,
acid stomach feels fine. No indiges
tion, heartburn, or belching of gas. or
j dizziness, bloating, foul breath or
j headache.
I Pape's Diapepsin is noted for its
' speed in sweetening upset s'omachs.
It Is the surest, quickest and njst cer
tain stomach antacid in the whole
world, and besides, it is harmless.
Millions or men and women now eat
their favorite roods without fear they
know Pape's Diapepsin will save them
from such misery.
Please, four your sake, get a laree
fifty-cent case of Fape'a Diapepsin
rrom any drug store and put your stom
ach right Don't keep on being mis
erable life is too short you are not
here long, so make your stay agree-
county did not have seven funerals on 'M- El h' ou like nJ en'y .il
Wednes-1 ing. November 20. ' Invitations may be ' terests. He stopped over one day in ' ing at the Methodist parsonage by , yesterday sentenced them all to serve
Megulre j obtained from committee or at door. I Phoenix on his return. He states that
476 Instructions given daily. Adv-204 I Phoenix is filled with visitors to the
! state fair.
THE PIE SHOP.
(Opposite Masonic Temple.) "
On Wednesdays (wheatless days) Fruitman Fashionable Ladies' Tailors
trv our corn bread and Fridays' (meat- specializing in women's suits. Furs of!
less days) oyster patties. At any and every description relined and reniod-1 deeded ground; $300 down; bal. easy j Mr. c: A. Cain general manager of
all times, see us ror home made cooked eled. Phone Black 798, opposite Y. M. terms. See Winters & BarrV'go, Lowell, j the Bisbee Review and the Arizona
naafrlen Adv-ftt P. A Alv-6l AUV-.Uo aiar, ami Mr, vain are in me cny ai-
WHY PAY RENT?
4-room house in Win wood Addition;
BISBEE NEWSPAPERMAN
Essie Lasseter and Harvey Van Cleve,
brother or the bride, attended the cou
ple. Mrs. Caldwell has been a resi
dent ot Bisbee ror over a year, but
formerly lived in the vicinity of Mc-
Neal.- where the groom now resides.
They were taken to the camp by Dep
uty Sheriff Brakfield yesterday afternoon.
GIRLS ATTEMPT TO LEAVE
Two young girls, one named Brown-
Mr. Caldwell who is known througJi-1 ing and the other named Gidfrey. aged
without dread of acid fermentation in
the stomach.
Pape's Diapepsin belongs in your
home anyway. Should one or the fam
ily eat something which don't agree
with them, or in case of an attack of
indigestion, dyspepsia, gastritis or
stomach derangement due to termenta
tion and acidity, at daytime or during
the night, i: is handy to give the
quickest, surest relief known.
Advertisement.
Lyric Theatre
SPECIAL TODAY
B. S. MOSS PRESENTS
Lyric Theatre
P
OW
of
evfl
Continuous From 1 To 10 P. M.
PROGRAM CHANGED DAILY
) Reserved Seats
Lower Floor
j Balcony
Featuring
By George Bronson Howard
HENRY KING, MARGUERITE NICHOLS, LILLIAN WEST
20c
10C
6c
"THE POWER OF EVIL" shown in this picture is the symbol or an influence in
the lives or three people. In that or the man, the urdertow that is dragging him
down Ib tJ'e inherited tendency toward drink. His ancestors have all been swag
gering roysterers, and he bids fair to follow in their footstep. At first he yields to
the swirl or the undertow that is in his veins, but tinully fights and conquers It.
His lie. a pretty, shallow country girl, is dragged down by the undertow of sui
den wealth and idleness, and succumbs to the vortex of society, so that at last her
selfish nature conquers her heart, and her very soul is swamped in the luxury and
pettiness of her life of ease.
The third who is also fighting the undertow of environment is a girl of the slums.
noble at heart, and rine or instinct, yet a thier.
Almost drowning, she struggles against the mighty current or circumstances umi
threatens tr overwhelm her. at last eludes it. and in saving herself, also saves the
man she loves, and the treacherous undertow is cheated or its prey.