1
si
s
WEATHER.
Arizona Wednesday
ind Thursday generally
(air; Freezing tempera
ture south portion Wed
nesday.
ttV
MARKETS
new. york City
' Average price of cop
per for week ending
Jan. 3, 28.90.
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
BISBEE, ARIZONA, WEDNESDAY MORNING, JANUARY 17, 1917.
VOL. 19. NO. 191.
LA
Eh
Mmin
9
ADMIRAL GEL DEWEY,
BAY,
EA
mm mm wmmmtmmmmt mm mm mmmm mm n smmsb msmbsotssi
llll I 3 I mill' FINANCIER SEES
VILLA Mm TSiT
HAMMERS AT ' ' 1
CHIHUAHUA
G1TY LfcJ
In Three Days' Running Battle
- Bandit Routes Big Force of
Defenders and Is Now at
Western Edge of City.
CANNONADING HEARD
NEAR PALOMAS
Revolt Is Rumored Threaten
ing in Sonora, Where Car
ranza Press Is Muzzled by
Villa Sympathizers.
(Bv Review Leased Wire)
EL PASO, Jan. 16. Fran
cisco Villa and his main com
mand is again knocking at the
western gates of Chihuahua
City, passengers arriving from
the state capital today said.
After defeating General Her
nandez and his Carranza com
mand of 1,500 in the vicinity
of Satevo, on the wagon road
to Parral, Villa drove the de
facto column to La Jolla. 18
miles north of Satevo, where
another defeat was administer
ed and the column was forced
to retreat to Santa Ysabel and
then to Palomas, only 1 8 miles
west of the city, the passengers
added.
Hear Cannonading.
These fights occurred Friday, Satur
day and Sunday, according . to the
passengers, and when their train left
foif the border yesterday the Sounds
of cannonading could be heard at
Palpmas, they said.
Murguia Takes Charge.
General Francisco Murguia, who had
entrained to come to the border, went
to Palomas with his command of 800
troops and tctok personal command.
The presence of Villa troops west
of Chihuahua city, government agents
here claim, is the forerunner of the '
third attack upon the state capital by
Villa. As Villa also controls the west
ern part of the state, agents say they
fear he may occupy territory now held
by American trtops as soon as General
Pershing withdraws. A freight train
was fired upon near Moctezuma sta
tion laBt night, indicating the pres
ence of a Villa force there.
Sonora Seething.
Rumors of disaffection in the state
of Sonora have been received here
and the fact that a pro-Carranza Ameri
can newspaper was stopped from go
ing into that state has strengthened
the rumors that de facro troops may
join Villa.
BANDITS ROUTER j ( '
PRESIDIO, Tex.. Jan. 16. Carranza
troops from the Ojinaga garrison had
a skirmish with an armed band of 15"
Villa followers yesterday at Paloma
rias, near Ojinaga.
(Continued on Pare Five.)
PLAN TO MEET DEFICIT WILL
ADD $500,000,000 YEARLY
(Hy Review Leased Wire.)
WASHINGTON. Jan. 16 Adminis
tration plans for meeting the treas
ury deficit at the end of the next
fiscal year, were made in the form
of a definite program today embrac
ing increases in the inheritance tax,
a new tax or. excess profits of corpo
rations and partnerships, and a bond
issue or $2S9,OO0.O()O. A hill Includ
ing these proposals and bearing the
endorsement of President Wilson and
Secretary McAdoo will be formed at
once and pressed in the House.
V-jpTt,,
" i
Frank A. Vanderlip.
"At the beginning of 1917 the out
look for business is excellent," re
ports Frank A. Vanderlip, president
of the National City Bank of New
York, and one of America's leading
financiers. "The prosperity of the
farmers is still the largest single
factor in the prosperity of the coun
try. industries ore booked ahead
to their capacity for months to
BIG OFFENSIVE
BY ALLIES IS
EXPECTED
Lloyd George and British and
French Generals Hold Im
portant Conference Said
Sweden May Enter War.
There is a possibility that another
big offensive by the entente in Bel
gium and Prance is , in contempla
tion. A conference had been heid in
London between' Premier Lloyd
George and his war council and the
British and French commanders in
chief. While nothing has been made
public concerning the conference
from official sources, except that it
is described as "important," an un
official dispatch asserts that it dif
fered from the conference recently
held in Rome, in that military in
stead of diplomatic questions took
precedence.
Aside from Rumania, quiet contin
ues to prevail on all the other fight
ing fronts, where there have been
only bombardments and operations by
small detachments. No mention is
made by either Berlin or Petrograd
of the battle begun last week in the
Riga region and which for several
days had seemed to be decreasing in
intensity. Berlin reports engage
ments south of Smorgon, which lies
between Vilna and Minsk,
Hard fighting continues in the
rt-
gion of Vadeni, southwest of Galatz.
in the Rumania theater. The--Russians
on both sides of Fundcni suf
fered heavy casualties in two attacks
delivered against the German line,
'Continued on Pag Two.)
The Increase In revenue under the
plan Is expected to be more than
$500,000,000 annually, and if it fails
; to take care of the deficit a $100.
I ortO.flOO Issue of treasury certificates
' of indebtedness may be decided on.
j As agreed to informally today by
; Democrats of the ways and means
! rommittoe and approved hy the Pres
j i cVnt and secretary of the treasury,
j the excess profits tax would be at the
rate of einht or ten per rent on re
1 turns in excess of eleht per cent on
I (Continued on Page Four)
i
1
i
i
"LEAK" PROBE
MORGAN IS
CALLED
Whole Operation of Stock
Market Now to Be Investi
gated, as Congress Search
for Squeeler Spreads.
MANY WALL STREET
BOSSES SUBPOENAED
! Lawcon Reaffirms Sensational
Charges, While Mysterious
Woman Disappears Was
to Be Star Witness.
(Rv Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, Jan. 1 6
Mrs. Ruth Thomason Viscon
ti, missing witness in the leak
i investigation, returned to her
apartment here tonight and
I was subpoenaed by a House
I deputy sergeant at arms to ap
pear tomorrow before the rules
committee.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 16
Spreading a dragnet over the
i financial district of New York
the House committee today
changed the peace note inves
tigation into a general inquiry
into the stock market.
It also planned to ask con
gress tomorrow for an exten
sion of time to report.
As the first step is enlarging
the scope of the hearing, the
committee sunpoenaed J. P.
Morgan, H. P. Davison, of the
A. Vanderlip, Arthur Lipper,
Sol. C. Wexler and J. S. Bache,
New York firms.
Mr. Visconti Disappears
Vying in interest with the sum
moning of the firms was the disap
pearance of Mrs. Ruth Thompson
Visconti, who Thomas W. Law son
says told him Secretary Tumulty,
"and others" had profited in the
stock market by the leak and that
Wm. W. Price, one of the White
House correspondents had acted as
the go-between, in the affair and re
ceived $5,000 for his work. Sergeant
at Arms Gordon and several asist
ants tried in vain to find Mrs. Vis
conti. Mr. I-awson expressed great
surprise over her disappearance.
Lawson Elaborates
I-awson, whose sensational tes
timony yesterday aroused the com
mittee to go to the depths of the leak
rumors, occupied th witness stand
today revjewine and supplementing
his statement.' fi, f. p. ?5
Challenges Henry
At' the outset -' Larson -attacked
Representative Henry's denial of his
testimony and emphatically declared
that he or Henry is guilty of rank
perjury. In an outburst he shouted
his reiteration that he had told the
truth.
Says "Somebody Lied"
"When there is a direct difference
of opinion stronger than a question
of veracity " said Lawson. "it is
perfectly obvious that one or the
other of us is committing perjury,
doliberate, rank perjury. Unless your
chairman said the things that I have
said he did, I am guilty of foul per
jury and I am unfit to be here or
snvwhere outside the bars of a
jaiV
Lawson airain broueht the names
of Secretary Lansing. Count von
Rerns'orff and Bernard Parnch Into
'tis testimony as the men Chairman
Hnry had told him he had heard
"leak" ruuiois about, and elaborated
on his story told yeslerdny regard
ing Henry's alleged statements con
cerning them.
(Continued on Page 2)
KNIGHT TO COMMAND
THE ASIATIC FLEET
Rear Admiral A. M. Knight.
Rear Admiral A. M. Knight, bead
of the Naval War College at New
port, has been designated by Presi
dent Wilson to command the Asiatic
Heel, with rank of admiral. He suc
ceeds Admiral A. G. Winterhalter.
who has completed his tour of sea
duty and is assigned to duty with
the general board in Washington.
Fifty Hurt
From Fire
Stampede
Lamp Overturns at Wedding
and Dance in Pennsylvania
Village, Enveloping Struc
ture in Flames.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
BINGHAMPTON, N. Y. Jan. 16.
Fifty persons were seriously hurt,
ten probably fatally, when half
the population of the little town
of Harford, Pa., about thirty miles
from here, was trapped in a burn
ing frame structure during a wed
ding reception and dance tonight.
A large oil lamp suspended from
the ceiling on the first floor fell
and soon the entire floor jwas
blazing. The one narrow stair
way was blocked by a sudden
rush of flames and men, women
and children, crowding the floor
above, were panic-stricken.
A few residents who did not at
tend the reception, hurried to the
burning hall with ladder but not
before all those trapped on the
second floor had jumped. Physi
cians were hurried to the scene,
from neighboring towns.
U. S. AVIATORS FLY INTO
CALEXICO. Cal., Jan. 16. Captain
H. A. Dargue and Observer A. I.
Smith. flvine in army aeroplant 157.
i flew south across the international
border late today and began the
search in Mexican territory , for
Lieut Colonel Bishop and Lieut.
Robertson, army aviators missing
since last Wednesday with an army
aeroplane in which' they attempted a
non-stop flight from San Diego here
and return.
ON TRAIL OF LOST AVIATORS
YUMA. Jan. 16. Lieut. Colonel
Harry G. Bishop and Lieut. W. A.
Robertson, the lost army aviators,
were seen Inst Wednesday afternoon
flying low. about three miles north
of La Bolsa, Sonora, according to
a message received here tonight by
Colonel Richard H. Richardson com
manding the Fourteenth V. S. Infan
try from the civilian searching party
sent into Sonora Monday. This news
will transfer the scene of the search
fifty miles eastward from the pre
vious advices.
FUNSTON QUITS MEXICO
COLl'MUrs, N. M Jan. 16 It
i was reported tonight from the puni
tive expedition's fiVId headquarters
' at Colon ia Dublan. Mexico, that Gen
I eral Funston had returned there
: from an inspection trip to the nd-
vanced posts at Kl Valle. Charcos
i nnd San Joaiiin. He will leave for
' Columbus tomorrow, it was said.
where he will inspect the camp and
review the troops on duty.
Passing of
Officer,
Brings
End Comes In Sleep
World Fly Flags At Half Mast In Honor of Master Sailor
Body Will Be Buried On Potomac's Shores Saturday
(By Review Leased Wire)
. WASHINGTON, Jan. 16. Admiral Dewey, the nation's Spanish War hero and by
priority of grade the ranking naval officer of the world, died at his home here tonight in his
eightieth year.' He had not been conscious since yesterday, when he lapsed into coma still
believing that in a few days he would be back at his desk at the navy department.
Hid His Illness to End. .
A general breakdown accompanied by arterio sclerosis incidental to old age was the
cause of death. The disease had been gradually spreading its hold upon the powerful body
but the admiral, proud of his physical vigor, had fought it off and even at its conclusion hid
it from his intimate friends last Wednesday when he was at his office apparently hale and
hearty. The next day he collapsed as he was preparing to leave the house, and the begin
ning of the end was at hand.
Mrs. Dewey and the admiral's only son, George, were at the bedside tonight. They
had known since yesterday there was no hope.
Flags Float at Half Mast
The admiral died at 5:56 o'clock. President Wilson and Secretary Daniels were noti
fied at once and the news was flashed by wireless to American naval vessels and stations all
over the world. The message carried orders that all flags be half-masted.
The President will confer with Secretary Daniels and Rear Admiral Badger tomorrow
and arrange for the funeral, which probably will take place Saturday. The body will be
buried at Arlington cemetery on the shore of the Potomac River where many of Admiral
Dewey's former comrades have been laid to rest before him.
LEGISLATIVE
CAMPBELL
RESOLUTION
TO ENDORSE
Arizona Lawmakers Will Vote 1 lhv w" dmif f , 'h"n ,fon"e9s,
, ... ..by special act made him admiral of
on oucn resolution soon, u ;
Court Doesn't Decide on a
De Facto Governor.
WILL REQUEST COURT
TO REPORT QUICKLY' rhan,Pion of a neater fleet. Year
i after year the general board urged
D'i 17 L r iinn ,he DUi,dinK of more ships than con
Dltter Tight Would Be rrecip-i gress would aeree to until at the last
itated by Such Bill Several i session a great building program
Measures Introduced jn: Dasd "Pon its recommendations fin-
Both Houses.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
PHOENIX. Jan. 16. The
leaders of both houses of the
legislature are discussing a
plan in connection with the
gubernatorial controversy to
be put into effect if the delay
of the supreme court in hand-
ing down a decision in the
mandamus proceedings is con
tinued beyond the week. A
resolution will be adopted, di-j
rected to the court, pointing
out the expense of maintain-;
ing the legislature, about one'
thousand dollars a day, and re
spectfully urging an early de
termination of the identity of
a de facto governor. If then
there should be no decision a
resolution is to be presented
providing for recognition of
Governor Campbell and ask-
ing for the transmission of his
6 "
Fight Would Be Bitter.
It is said that leaders of both fac-
tions will unite in favor of a resolu
tion to the court. There would be
(Continued on Page Four)
World's Ranking
and Idol of America
Grief to Whole Nation
After Week's Illness. Ships All Over
Only two other men Farragut
ana sorter have neid the rank or i
. . . . , . .
the admiral of the American fleet and
,,, ., ... j ;
smce Civil War days no m itary fig-
.. . i u v i
ure has held such a place as Dewey
... ... . . . .
in the affection and admiration of
I!
the American people. His death end-
and Porter have held the rank of
ed 62 years of active service.
'
Hero of Two Wars
i ... ,
j His baptism of fire came in the i
j Civil War. through which he served
J with distinction. Promotion follow
ed promotion during the years fol
lowing and he was a commodore com
manding the Asiatic fleet when the
order "capture and destroy" the ene
my's fleet gave him the first news
of hostilities with Spain and sent him
Into Manila Bay for the feat that won
undying fame and had far reaching
effect on the world powers.
Title Dies With Him
Immediately Dewey was advanced
the navy, a grade that died with him.
Since 1900 he had been on duty at
the navy department as president of
the general board, constantly In
touch with all activities of the navy,
advisor of secretaries and a miehty
I any was auoptea.
j To Proud to Admit Ails
It was because of the admiral's
keen aversion to
any sueeestions
that his heal'h and strength were
failing that the naval physicians at
tending him agreed with the family to
make no announcement of his condi
tion after the attack Thnrsdny. It
was given out that the admiral had a
cold, and until Sunday evening the
doctors hoped that he mieht master
the disease
Yesterday his condition
OF BULL If
(By Review Leased Wire.)
OYSTL'R BAY, X. Y.. Jan. 16.
Theodore Roosevelt expressed ar-
proval toni.uht of the stand taken by
George W. Perkins and other Pro-
""'ssives in regard to the action of
the executive committee of the Re -
publican national committee
"I heartily approve of what Messrs.
Perkins and Colby have done." Roose
velt said. "I thing they have rendered
a great service to the American peo-
pie and to the Republican party."
' NEW YORK. Jan. 16. Efforts
to
OLD GUARD INJECTS DISCORD
INTO BIG HARMONY MEETING
had become so serious that the farts
, ... .... ,. -v
no longer could be withheld. When
, , . ,. . ,
new9 of th admiral s death was re-
. ..... . -,
ceived at the White House, President
..... ... , .. , .. . ,
Wilson authorized the following state-
mont
' o. a
... Vi : .v.
In, expressing his grief at the
, .. . . . , ,
i uram 01 .vunnrai uewey me rresi-
dent said the whole nation would
mourn the loss of its most distin
ruished naval officer, a man who has
been as faithful, as intelligent and as
successful in the performance of his
responsible duties in time of peace
as he was gallant and successful In
time of war. It is just such men that
gives the service distinction and the
nation a ju.-u pride in those who
serve it."
Daniels Pays Tribute
Secretary Daniels paid this trib
ute: "Up to the very las: Admiral Dew
ey kept in touch with every move
ment of progress not only in our
navy but throughout the world. Wed
nesday afternoon last, just before I
left the department, he paid nie a
call and looked hale and hearty. I
thought he would be spared to us for
many years. His death is an irre
parable loss to our country but the
American people will ever cherish his
memory.
"His counsel was more to me than
words can express. His advice to roe
since I have been secretary of the
navy was more like that of a father
in a son than of a hith rankine naval
officer to a government official."
Suffered Over Year
Despite the aged officer's youthful
appearance it became known during
the past few days that the first evi
dence of a weakening of his splendid
constitulion came about IS months
ago when he suffered a slight paraly
tic stroke. At that time the physi
(Cjntlnued on Tage Four)
OSE MB G. 0. P.
i bring about harmony between Repub-
Means and Progressives here today
j produced as their first conspicuous
j result a stormy protest from George
' V. Perkins and Everett Colby, Pro-
j -ressive leaders, that Republican
; V-ders wore not acting in good faith.
j Chairman Wm. R. Wilicox
of the
Republican national committee called
'ocether a sub-committee of the Re
publican executive committee, ap
"ointed yesterday to devise a plan of
co-operation betweom Republicans
(Continued on Fag 2) TWO
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY MORNING, JANUARY 17, 1917.
ML CROPS II GERM'
DISPEL Hi FEARS Of HUM
OLD GUARD UPSETS ,
BULL fe100SE -E. 0. P."
(Continued From rase One)
and Progressives. The result of this
1 meeting was the issuance of resolu-
siderably inferior on the average, the j tions adopted for the purpose of form
deficiency will be covered for (he jng a supplemental committee to be
. . . lonqt nnrt hv t h pvppllpnt rrOD. At . fmnnnuaA nf P (i ti i h ! i cu n rm-
uermany s iooa prospects ai prcseui i - - ---; tij-- " "-i - j
i rtnriTur thP first : t,le same tinie tn? allowance for 1 gressives to have a voice in party
are equal to tnose aurmg me f laitinR purposes has been decreased j affairs. This wotild take the place of
two years of the war, says an Over- j at -0 peP cem which permits of the ; the joint Republican Progressive ;
seas News Agency statement today, sotting aside as food for the popula- j campaign committee which went out
(By Review Leased Wire)
BERLIN. Jan. 16. (By vireless(.
which reads:
"In reply to recent attempts to
make out Germany's food situation as
critical, or even dangerous, the fol
lowing figures are given on the Rest
of authority:
"The German grain crops of tiie
lion of such quantities of barley that of existence after the election.
Oe shortage of potatoes is more than
offset.
VThe stocks of liofhed cattle in
' iJermany have increased sir.ee the
j beginning of 1916 more than
i floO head, or 2.16 per cent: of hogs.
Almost simultaneously with Mr
Willcox's announcement of this plan
at the Union League club, Mr. Per
kins at his borne around the corner j
issued a statement attacking the Re
publican executive committee and
Mr. Willcox's subcommittee on har
mony, but at the same time defend
ing Mr. Willcoi. Mr. Perkins de
clared that at the meeting of the ex
ecutive committee yesterday there
had been on effort to force Mr. Will-
Your teeth can be only as good as
you keep them start a ood habit
today by asking your druggist for
9
For The Teeth
Powder Cream
Send 2c stamp for a generous sample of either
Dr. Lyon's Perfect Tooth Powder or Dental Cream.
t. W. Lyon & Son., Inc, 671 W. 27th St, Now York City
present year exceed those of the pre- j 4,000,000 or 29.4 per cent. These fig
ceding year by 4,000,000 tons, of I ures indicate that Germany is en-'
which 1,500.000 tons are corn. This I titled to count with certainty on an
fact proves that Germany, for which j Increase in the supplies of milk and I
last year's crop was sufficient, will 1 (fats and thiB all the more as the
be able to ket along even better with I booty from Rumania guarantees at
tlia rrnn nf this vpar. This also is I IpaKt an increase in fodder sunnlies. ! mv nut r thu rhaimianKhin unit tn t
demonstrated by the extra allowances j "The possibilities of provisioning place a reactionary vice chairman in
made for youths and hard working j Germany are therefore in no wise in-1 his place to prevent Willcox from
persons. , ferior to those of the first two years j "liberalizing" the party.
-With the potato crop which is con- of the war." j He called also for a meeting of
; the entire Republican national coni-
EL PASO NEGRO SLAYS SOLDIER ; months on new equipment, according! mittee to work out harmony pfans.
EL PASO, Jan. 16. Corporal Frank to an annoucenient here today by J.
ScJiultz of Company L, Thirty-Second j L. Lancaster, one of the receivers for
Michigan Infantry, well known in th- the road.
army corps here as a football player :
and boxer, was shot and killed to DENTON. TEXAS. FREEZING
night by an unknown negr. Scnu.tsj DEXTOX, SVZSSZ
and two -.fier friends had bumped Ras prMare ,qw that wmW
into several : egroes on th sidewalk not burn in some parts nf thp city atl(J
about an hour , revious to tlie tragedy. not a pound 'of coal for sale. Denton
They met again and the negro shot residents faced a tireless situation to
without warning. The police are niak- night. The temperature was well be
ing a search of the negro quarters for low- the freezing point. Shipments of
the slayer. Schultz came from Grand f0al are expected to arrive Wednes
Rapids, Michigan. da.
declaring that the sub-committee on
harmony, of which he saw the har
harm'ony, of which Mr. Willcox is
chairman, was in the hands of the
"old guard." Finally, when he saw
the harmony proposed by this com
mittee he declared that it had been
dictated by James A. Hemenway of
Indiana, whom he called cne of the
"old guard." Mr. Perkins added that
he regarded the resolutions "merely
as a scrap of paper."
I TWO MORE ON BOMB JURY
SAX FRANCISCO. Jan. 16. Two
SLAYER OF COLONEL ON
RIAL AT SAN ANGELO.
SAN ANGELO, Tex., Jan. 16. After
exhausting a special venire of 72 men
Texas eleven wns
AUSTIN, Tex.. Jan. lb. the Ss.-c- morP jurVn:en. making a total of ten ' fn an effort to obtain a jury to try
feated an all star eleve nfrom Camp ;
I were sworn in today to try Thomas Harry J. Spanell, charged with the
J. Mooney on a charce of murder re- murder of his wife and Colonel M. C.
Wilson at San Antonio here today 34 j suUjn fnm a bQnib ,,xplOTion hens Butler at Alpine. Texas, July 20. last.
to 6. It was the .first time since the
season opened last fall that the Tex
ans had been scored on.
last July
TEXAS AND PACIFIC
BUYS NEW EQUIPMENT
NEW ORLEANS. Jan. 16. The
Texas and Pacific railroad plans to
c-spend J3.000.0O0 within the n-xt few
IF
ft.
which ' claimed ten lives, uisinci court recessed today until to-
: , morrow.
A new venire of thirty two will ap
pear in court tomorrow. Nine jurors
had been accepted and sworn when
U-ourt recessed.
HERPICJDE
does not change the color
of the hair one particle
Final Cleanup Prices on
Women's Suits
r?-7
i t r ;: -v .x
v-.1; ' .. - ..
p 'marathon
Tom Longboat, world's champion
i'.mg-distance runner, was a visitor in j :;llcged Henry had said to him.
LisDee yesterday. Longboat, who is j With regard to his testimony yes
touring the world and giving lectures ; erday bringing in the names of
on his experiences in the many inter-' secretary Lansing p.nd Raruch, Law
national contests in w hich he has par- i . on gij he had forgotten to add that
ticipated, is a full-blooded Onaudaga Henry had told him the committee
Indian, a graduate of Carlisle univer- had received information concerning
sity nn.i a "souvenier fiend." 'While ;he sub:,tance of a of cne or Secre
m Bisbee he found a chunk of copper j larv ,!,, Biatd conversations
bearing ore. which he carried back to i wifh B.,ruch , New York and part ouW
.Oouslas with as much pride as if it of another ,
were uuuincr .Mirauran cup.
Longboat already holds 246 cups
and 195 gold and silver medals. His
most famous race was in 1908, when
he beat the American favorite, Johnny
Hayes, in the Olympic games and set
a new record of two hours, 15 minutes
and 12 seconds for the 26 miles. Long
boat spoke Monday evening in Doug
las before about two thousand sol
diers at Camp Harry J. Jones, and
may arrange to appear in Bisbee bc
iore leaving for the cost.
f. . . A.U tr-.-; " : i 1.---'. ' - .
ADMIRAL SIGSBEE ILL ness, and his conference with her at
CELEBRATES BIRTHDAY a local hotel. When Representative
NEW YORK. Jan. 16. This is the , Fou asked him 1f he had , not pre
72d birthday of Rear Admiral Chas. viously acquitted Secretary Tumulty
D. Sigsbee who has been ill. It was of any connection with the leak. Law
said that his condition today was son declared he never had Mr. Tu
greatly improed. , multy in mind respecting it until he
I named Mrs. Visconti.
Then he told the woman her ef
forts seemed to him to have been ac
tuated by an ulterior motive. She
insisted, he said, in the presence of
her attorney, that she had nc such
motive but wanted to disclose infor
mation she thought congress and
public should have.
Named Her. Under Protest
Asked by Representative Pou why
he had not acquitted Tumulty with
the information given by Mrs. Vis
conti, Lawson declared that he never
had any intention of making the
woman's, letter or her statements
public when he did and that he would
not have done so yesterday had the
committee not demanded that he give
them all information in hi3 posses
sion on pain of punishment.
Lawson said he had sought a con
ference with Mr. Price, but that re
ports which came to him concerning
his effort caused him to let the mat
ierlrop. He said he probably never
could have gotten up his courage to
go to Tumulty in view of all that had
taken place since the inquiiy began,
but that he had spoken to Mrs. Vis
conti about that very subject.
"I suggested that very thinsr to
Mrs. Visconti," he said, "and I think
one of the things she said to nic
was this: 'I have repeatedly tried to
get to Mr. Tumulty. Today I called
Mr. Tumulty on the telephone and he
said that I could not see him and
would have to give him any informa
;ion I had over the telephone. When
I would not do this he cursed me out
in a way I would not stand from any
one!' "I didn't have any idea of anything
happening here to force that letter
said Lawson.
A Sad Story, Mates!
Tell of Meeting Woman ' Lawson told the committee that
Lawson was questioned closely there was "something sad, pathetic
-oneernir.g the letter he received -nd awful about this thing," which
from Mrs. Visconti, the missing wit- he was not in a position to disclose
"LEAK" PROBE GROWS; '
MORGAN IS GALLED
(Continued From Page One)
Who Is Senator O?
In that connection, in answer to
inquiries by Representative Garrett
as to what Henry told him about a
"cabinet member, a member of con
gress, and a banker," Lawson said
he never had asserted that Henry
had told him anything about Secre
tary McAdoo, the mysterious "Sena
tor O" and H. Pliny Fisk. The cabi
net member Henry spoke of, Lawson
raid, was Mr. Lansing and the banker
Mr. Baruch. The fact that Baruch
is a "speculator and investor," and
not a banker had lead to a misun
derstanding regarding Lawson's pre
vious testimony. Information Mr.
Lawson said he received in regard to
Mr. Fisk and Senator O, came from
nnotlier source which he did not re
veal. Detailed Talk With Henry
The Boston financier insisted on
reciting to the committee in great de
tail the disputed confidential con-"
f?rence with Chairman Henry. For
tr.ore than an hour he recounted
'v-hat he said to Henry and what he
IG OFFENSIVE BY
ALLIES DDE SOON
(Continued From Tage One)
according to Berlin. In one of the
attacks Russian detachments entered
German trenches but later were ex
pelled. Another Russian attack was
delivered against the Teutonic allies
ivtween the Kasino and Suchitza
This Simple Laxative
AHousehold Necessity
DR. CALDWELL'S' SYRUP PEPSIN j
SHOULD HAVE A PLACE IN
EVERY HOME.
Constipation, or , inaction of the
bow els, a condition that nearly every j
one experiences with more or less fre-1
nuency. is the direct cause of inuch
(disease. When the bowels become
i clogged with refuse from tho stomach.
foul gases and poisons are generated, i
and unless the congestion is quickly
relieved the system becomes weak
ened and most suceptihle to attack.
Various remedies to relieve ronstipa-i
$7.65
For Women's
Regular $15
. SUITS
$10.95
For Women's
$22.50 & $25.
SUITS
$12.95
For Women's
$27.50 to $35.
SUITS
THESE WOXDERFl'LLY styled Winter Suits must vacate to make
room for spring garments that will soon be on their way. Fabrics and
tailor work so good that the sale prices represent but a mere fraction
of the'- real worth.
M LS THAT ARE NEW. desirable and particularly well adapted
to tin uirements of Bisbee women Yet even that fact makes no
materiii. : Terence to us now We don't want the suits We need the
room. Jie Sl'lTS have been segregated into three groups, and re
marked i ardJesK of former selling prices.
SKIRTS
, of High Grade Silk
Half-Price
THE WOMAN w'io contem
plates the purchase of 4 liigii
grade Skirt, and would appre
ciate a saving of ONE-HALF
should be Interested in this re
markable offer.
THEY ARE beautifully de
signed and well nindi of fine
Tafietiis. Chiffon, Velvet and
Broadcloth: luuic. ple.ited vnd
ft;! re styles.
I
I
$15.00 SKIRTS for $7.50
$1C50 SKIRTS for $9.25
$22.50 SKIRTS for 11.25
SKIRTS
at a Reduction of
One-Third
HERE'S ANOTHER offer of
Separate Skirts that provides a
.saving of ONE THIRD, they are
of the more staple and sturdy
materials, and in the more con
servative models.
SOME are of fine Serge. I'o
liu or Satin in navy and black:
smart novelty styles for street
or sports wear in nobby plaid.-,
checks a:ij stripeu
$7.50 SKIRTS for $5.C0
$8.50 SKIRTS for $5.65
$10.00 SKIRTS for $7.50
$12.53 SKIRTS for $8.35
valleys, it also was reported, the tion are prescribed .but many of these j
contain cathartic or purgative agents
that are harsh and violent in their a -1
tion and sh'jck the system. The most
effective remedy is the combination
of simple laxative herbs with pepsin
into the war. but that the Swedish! that is sold in drug stores under the j drug, does not grip, and is recommend-
Teutons taking 200 war prisoners,
Sweden May Enter War
The king of Sweden addressing
the Richstag, said Sweden had been
able thus far to avoid being drawn
f
,
, M '
people could not shut their eyes to
the profound gravity of the present
i hour. He asked the Richstag to col
I laborate with the government for the
strengthening of the national defense.
Swiss Mobilizing
j The Swiss federal council has or
dered the mobilization January 24 of
the Swiss second division and con
' tingeuts of other divisions. The an
nouncement says Switzerland recent
ly had been able to reduce consider
ably iis forces on tho frontier, but
! that now it was considered necesbary
' lo take more etensie measure for
t precaution.
;name of Dr. Caldwell's Syrup Pepsin, led as a family laxative, mild enough
The Hon. John D. Keister of Brandy- j t ir the tiniest babe, yet suUiciently
wine, W. Va.. who has represented his i powerful to act on the sti'jngest consti
district in the State Legislature forhution.
six years, w rites that he uses Dr. Cald-! To avoid imitations and ineffective
weli's Syrup Pepsin and finds it a j substitutes be sure to get Dr. Cald
: plendid laxative, easy to take and I veil's Syrup Pepsin. See that a fac
mild, yet positive, in its action, and':imile of Ir. Caldwell's signature and
that it should be in every household j his portrait appear on the yellow car
lr use when needed.
Dr. Caldwell's Syrup Tcpsio is sold
by druggists in all parts of the I'nited
States and costs only fifty rents a but
ton in which the bottle is packed. A
trial bottle, free of charge, can be ob
tained by writing to Dr. W. B Cald
well. 455 Washington SL. Mnticello.
tlo. It contains no opiate or narcotic 1 Illinois.
but tout tne com.iiiltee surely coula
get it lioiil .am. I iscouil. Ue!y';
iuti iat:l luaL Hie Huuiau iuuiu iiul
be loumt Lawson .said ne sua De
iievt-U sue wouid appear and leii her
story as sue tola it to him. He ue
clareu that alter becoamis convinced
tuai Mrs. Visconti was uunebi ne Had
told tier tie woulu not see ner sutler
or lose her means of livelihood if
she aided him in this "public ser
vice."' . ieoibers of the committee said
that the purpose in calling the New
ork financiers was to question tnein
regarding business in financial cir
cles generally Uuriug Dete.uber. Tiicy
will be asued principally, it was said,
about reports that some of the bank
ers had warned stock exchange men
against pyramiding further In indus
trials and told them to buy more
freely of railway stocks.
All Deny Story
Lawson was temporarily dismissed,
but ordered to remain in Washington.
More than a score of witnesses were
waiting to be heard. Among them
were McAdoo, Tumulty, Price, War
burg and others whom Lawson men
tioned as having knowledge of the
leak. All have issued statements
repudiating his testimony. J
i
CLIP THIS ODT
MAYGOME HANDY.
Tells how to take soreness
from a corn and lift it
right out
Hospital records show that every
time you cut a corn you invite lock
'aw or blood poison, which is needless,
:ays a Cincinnati authority, who tells
you that a quarter ounce of a drug
"ailed freezone can be obtained at Ut
ile c'Jst from the drug store but is
sufficient to rid one's feet of every
iard or soft corn or callus.
You simply apply a few drops of
this on a tender, aching corn and the
soreuess is instantly relieved. Short- j
Iy the entire corn can be lifted out, j
root anil all, without pain.
This ding is sticky but dries at 'once
and is claimed to just shrivel up any :
rorn without inflaming or even iirl- j
iating the surrounding tissue or skin. I
If your wife wears hi.uh heels she
w ill be glad to know of this. I
(Advtrtioeiaent ) '
EYE NER E GLASiES
Permanently located
in Risbee, except
Mondays In Dougla3.
Rooms 10 and 11
Maze Building.
DR. R. GLAZE, Neurologist.
Phone 156.
O. K. LIVERY and
UNDERTAKING CO.
Robert Henessey, Prop.
Opposite Depot Ambulance
iamonds
"In a city the size of Bisbee, together
with its suburbs, there is always
one jewelry store that is generally
considered to be the best place to.
buy diamonds.
In liisbee we believe that most
people, ir they had an opportunity
to express a choice, would prefer to
have their diamonds come from
Gilmans.
Here you will find reliability and
quality as every diamond Is care
fully graded and priced at absolute
value.
It is a good thing to know that
the reputation and the responsibil
ity of the oldest jewelry store in
Bisbee is back of every diamond
you purchase at this establishment.
..Oilman
CHICHESTER S PILlS
hl-rkM-tera Dl J brwV
3'llto la Ur4 u4 ioM sicu.UcX
horn. Kited wit BIj Rtbboa. V
Tl. - ft But itrir v
in.i. AN'vriri.rifEA.TEKS
I1AMM I IAVD PII.LA.txt
yesn k ixmtt P ?t. S3 test. Always Relml'M
SOLDPYPRlGGISTSEVFRnVHERS
Hava ths
CITY PARK TAILORS
mak your next suit 3000 pat
terns to pick from. Under new
sity park, Bisbee.
AyVVVAAAWAVVVAAAAA.
CATARRH
OF THE
BLADDER
CsHevsd !a
24 Hours
Each Cmo- "v
ale tK-an the MlfcYl
iuunee P
Bman of coMUrttitt C
'AAVvyvvyWr
i'JEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Solicits Your
Patronage
FHQNE 53
Arizona Junk Co.
We buy all kinds of Junk.
I Phone 690.
Watkinsl Bergquist
Quality Jewelers
The Best Opticians
f
The HALLMARK" Store
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
AND HIGH CLASS CAFE
The best or everythinz at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 50c luncheon daily. Also $1 .00 dinner from
5 :30 to 7 : 30 p. m. Regular Board by the month, $35 ;
$9 by the week.
Henry Poppen, Manager.
Vitolox
I This word means LIFE and strength.
Use It and you will know that the
ia;iie is just right.
! VITOLOX purities the blood, eor-
-ects disorders of the stomach, im
proves the appetite, tones up the kid
ney! and a sure shnt for rheumatism.
(Jet a bottle at any drug store, $1.0(1 or
8 for J3.00.
640 ACRE GRAZING HOMESTEAD
This law now applies to tl-e Public Lands of Arizona.
It is necessary to file application for designation of
lands under this Act before pplication can be allowed.
Send me description of the lands you desire and I will
prepare all papers for you - -The fee is reasonable
Act today The other fello v might get it tomorrow
Write or wire
, FN S. H1I.DRETI I.
LAND ATTORNEY,
PHOENIX, ARIZONA.
N.F3. If you need a ma of your township, I can
make it.
L. J. OVERLOCK, BROKER
Correspondents: Paine, Weber & Co.,
Boston. Duluth, Calumet.
Logan & Bryan, New York and Chicago.
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK.
ISO
LAYING A CEMENT WALK
is easy if you have the right ma
terials. We e hall be glad to tell
you just how to do it and to sup
ply you with both the cement
lor the body as well as that for
fie finish. Laid according to our
directions and with our cement,
you'll be sure of a smooth, hand
some, durable and economical
walk.
Bisbze Lumber Company, im
EMIL MARKS. Mgr.
LOWELL CAR STOP.
PHONE 25. THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNF5DAY MORNING, JANUARY 17, 1917.
THREE
FIRST PERFORMANCE OF MAMMOTH PHOTOPLAY TAKES PLACE AT
IEATRE TONIGHT! "INTOLERANCE" IS WONDERFUL
J UDEAN SCENE IN "INTOLERANCE"
Tonight will he f;ivn iit tbo Or- i periods of .tho world's devf loiimont.
plioum thpatre the lirst iros!itation The older periods show medieval
in this city of D. V. flrifliiii's "lntoler-. Franee during the reign of Charles the
anc-e" t-howinx -Uive's Stnixyle Ninth when his mother, Catherine de
Throughout the Asies". ; Medici, dominated his career; Jeru-
The motivating theme is one .f the saleni and other parts of Judea when
twentieth century and realistically i the Nazarene taught and llabylon
presents some stirrins phases of con-j about 539 B. C. when Delshazzar was
temporary life. Kunninj; parallel with overthrown by the Persian hosts under
this are thre other stories of earlier , Cyrus the Conqueror.
When Tired and Nervous
If the end of the day finds you weary or irri
table, with achingheadandfrayednerves.youneed
something to tone and strengthen the system.
fet 'A ra a fct li ' it 1.1
t-i- e M w
are a remedy which quickly helps in restoring normal
conditions. They act on the stomach, liver and Lowell,
and so renew the strength, and steady the nerves.
A few doses cf these world -famed family pills will
Bring Welcome Relief
Direction! of Special Value to Women are !lh Every Ecx
Sold br d.-UETgi- U throucHout the world. In !m2c, 10c, 5c
Years of research provided authen
tic data for those great scenes. They
are presented with tidelity and the
ancient localities are produced as they
stood belOre the mutation of time
made them mere memories.
Like four currents the four stories
flow side by side. At tirst with slow
and solemn grandeur, but faster and
faster as the play proceeds, and clos
er and closer together till, at the final
climax they rush together is one migh
ty river of expressed emotion. When
they meet in this one great stream,
then all runs One thought, one theme.
San Francisco, New York and Los
Angeles are still dazed by the stupen
dousness and the daring of D. W.
j Griffith's t-pectaele. Not within the
memory of the present generation has
1 ticr? been so sensational a success
j IiriU'-f-d in any of the theatres of those
; iiies where the attraction continues
' to play to capacity houses.
J
UNDELIVERED MESSAGES.
't he following have undelivered
: i,io:- -ases waiting lOr them at Bisbee's
Western Union office:
i C. n. Watrous. Anton Dominikovich,
J. M. Kinimel. W. P. Frambes, George
W oorden. P. B. Ferguson, David Cole,
. V .;! k W. Crane, C. D. Smith, H. W.
Zeuor.
Cochise
Co
ED. SIMMONS, Proprietor.
STORAGE BATTERIES
Bring in your Storage Batteries to be examined by us free of
charge. We have the best storage batteries department in the
district.
VULCANIZING DEPARTMENT
We have the most up-to-date vulcanizing department in the state,
and our prices cannot be beat. We examine all tires free.
TIRES
The Racine Horseshoe tire is the best on the market today. The
tire that is guaranteed to give service. OUR guarantee with
every tire.
WELDING
Our welding department is the most complete in the district and
we have an expert in charge and our prices are right.
REPAIRS
We have the most up-to-date repair shop.
PARTS
For All Makes of Cars.
SESSUE HAYAKAWA IS .
STAR IN THE LATEST
LASKYJOTOPLAY
Japanese Actor Appears This
Afternoon and Tonight at
.the Royal Theater in "The
Honorable Friend".
Having recently created an unusual
personal success In the Jesse L. Las
ky production of "The Cheat," in sup
port of Fannie Ward, and in the stel
lar role or "Alien Souls", Sessue llay
akawa, the noted Japanese actor, will
be seen at the Royal today la the
Jesse L. Lafky production of "The
Honorable Friend," a thrilling photo
drama written especially Tor him by
Elizabeth McOaffey and prepared for
the screen by Eva L'nsell.
Sessue Hayakawa is a splendid type
of the modern Japanese. In Japan his
parents had 'planned that htf should
become a naval officer In the service
of Mikado, but Hafakawa thought oth
erwise, and took up the study of
drama. Coming to this country, he
studied drama at the University of
Chicago, and then returned to his na
tive country with Japanese transla
tions Of the English classics. He was
the first Japanese actor to appear in
Shakespearean productions in that
country.
Later he returned to this couutry
and met beautiful little Tsuri Aoki
whom he married, and she is always
seen as his leading woman in Jap
anese productions.
Recently, the wealthy Japanese of
Los Angeles presented Hayakawa with
a theatre where he appears from time
to time at the head of his own Jap
anese company in modern drama.
In "The Honorable Friend", Hay
akawa Is seen as a young Japanese
gardener working for a wealthy and
unscrupulous Japanese curio dealer.
The old man Is desirous of a bride
and sends Hayakawa's picture, as his
own. to Japan, and Hayakawa is sent
to the dock to marry the Japanese
girl, having been told that she is to
be his own wife. When he brings her
lefore the wealthy Old curio dealer,
his ideals are shattered as he js in
formed that she is to be taken away
from him. How affairs are finally ad
justed, and the dishonorable curio
dealer receives his just deserts, and
the two lovers are re-united, is pre
sented in an unusual and most drama
tic manner. .
This Paramount Picture was pro
duced for the Lasky Company by Ed
ward Le Saint, and the production is
unusual in its excellence. Hayakawa
is surrounded by a cast of distinguish
ed artists including Tsuri AOki, Ray
mond Hatton, Billy Elmer, G. Kino
and others.
JANITORS BANK FIRES
AND STRIKE IN CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Jan. 16. With zero tem
perature prevailing and a threatened
coal shortage, three hundred janitors
of Chicago bat buildings banked their
fires tonight and struck, because of
the failure or their employers to meet
demands for increases of wages of ap
proximately 15 per cent, according to
William V. Queese, president of the
Apartment Janitors Union.
TWO GUARDS DIE AT DEMING
DEMING,. N. M., Jan. 16. Privates
Robert D. Jordan of Siloam Springs,
, Ark., Company B, Second Arkansas
Infantry, and Marshall H, Alexander
of Wheatland, Wyoming, Company I.
Wyoming Infantry, died at the base
hospital here today:
Jordan's death was due to pneu
monia. Alexander was the victim of
tuberculosis.
Glass of Hot Water
Before Breakfast
a Splendid Habit
Open sluices of the system each
morning and wash away the
poisonous, stagnant matter.
Those of us who are accustomed to
feel dull and heavy when we arise;
splitting headache, stuffy fiOm a cold,
foul tongue, nasty breath, acid stom
ach, lame back, can, instead, both
look and feel as fresh as a daisy al
ways by washing the poisons . and
toxins from the body with phosphated
hot water each morning.
We should drink, before breakfast,
a glass of real hot water with t tea
spoonful Of limestone phosphate in
in to flush from the stomach, liver,
kidneys and ten yards of bowels the
bile and poisonous toxins; thus cleans
ing, sweetening and purifying the
entire alimentary tract before putting
more food into the stomach
The action of limestone phosphate
and hot water on an empty stomach
is wonderfully invigorating. It cleans
out all the sour fermentations, gases,
waste and acidity and gives one a
splendid appetite for breakfast and
it is said to be but a little while until
the roses begin to appear in the
cheeks. A quarter pound of limestone
phosphate will cttst very little at the
drug store, but is sufficient to make
anyone who is bothered with bilious
ness, constipation, stomach trouble or
rheumatism a real enthusiast on the
subject of internal sanitation. Try
it and you are assured that you will
look better and feel better in every
way shortly. (Advertisement)
V A
ANYBODY can tell
yon what a tobacco
casta. But only yo' old
pipe can tell you what a
tobacco is worta,
' H ERE can't be any better pipe tobacco
than VELVET because it is the best
oi nrod Burley cured in Nature's way.
No one has been ab!e to equal Nature's
method of c u r i n p t c b ac c o two vears '
ageing in wooden hogsheads. It is slow
it is expensive, but if you will try a tin
of VELVET today you will know that
it is right
Get clearly in your own mind just what qualities
you want your pipe tobacco to have. Then vrivc your
old pipe a chance to prove to you that VELVET
fills every one of your requirements.
Make any test you like; compare VELVET with any
tobacco you choose and the sooner the better!
10c Tins
5c Metal-lined
Bags
t. . . .:-.:j,-..g:x-..-.:.a-3:-..ivA
,i :-r V . :
p..',;;;'f
It
One- Pound
Glass
Humidors
:.fj. !
-3
:3
"
-3
3
r r ii
F Mym .: . !HS-v; i
iLa
Li. :
Priicp' Golitzine. a senator and mem ' IJlHOftllTrn KIIMC
ber oi Council of Russian Empire, has UIiIUIiILLU lllnL
been appointed premier, succeeding j
Alexander Trepoff.
TO DARKEN HAIR
! APPLY SAGE TEA
UNFAIR TO STARS
AVERS B.JOHNSON
i
j Would Reduce Stellar Players'
I Pay to Daily Wage, No Bet
ter Than Poorest Player, He
Declares.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
NEW YORK. Jan. 16 Affiliation of
A few applications of Sage
Tea and Sulphur brings
back its vigor, color
gloss and Youthfu
'. lness.
Common garden sage brewed into a ,he Baseball Players' Fraternity with
heavy; tea with sulphur added, will the American Federation of ' Labor
turn gray, streaked and faded hair. w0ui,, enJ the prPSPnt snIarv svstom
beautifully dark and luxuriant. Just . , , . t ,. ,
... , I m professional baseball bv which the
a few applications will prove a revela-1 r """"
tion if your hair is fading, streaked ; b"st Payers now receive thousands of
or gray. Mixing the Sage Tea and dollars for their work, in the opinion
Sulphur recipe at home, though, ii-' of President 15. B. Johnson, of the
troublesome.: An easier way is to get , ,
, . ... c . American league, who discussed here
a 50-cent bottle of yeth s Sage and
Sulphqr Compound at any drug store ,0,li,y the P!an to unionize ball players,
all ready for use. This is the old . asserted that change would mean
time recipe impiOved by the addition . ,hat a "'" aU ' wages would be
of other ingredients. paid both to the star and the average
While wispy, gray, faded hair is not P,a""r in accordance with the amount
sinful, we all desire to retain our!of money his position called for. He
youthful appearance and attractive- doubted if the stars of the game would
ness. By darkening your hair wltU j ake such an agreement.
Wyeth's Sage and Sulphur Compound. I President Johnson recalled that in
no one can tell, because it does it so i 'he old National League wages were '
naturally, so evenly. You just dampen ! standardized when owners found It
a sponge or t.Oft brush with It and : difficult to pay the large salaries s'.mie
draw this through your hair, taking players received years ago. ruder thr
one small strand at a time; by morn-; plan at that time. President Johnson
ing all gray hairs have disappeared, 'declared, outiirledrs received a cert:nn
and. after another application or two, :sm ami iniielders it was agreed were
your hair becomes beautifully dark, .to receive another amount. President
glossy, soft and luxuriant. j Johnson said he was willing to believe
This preparation is a delightful toilet : Hint present day hall players, draw in::
requisite and is not intended for the j large salaries, would be - content to
cure, mitigation or prevention or equalize meir earning anility wun uie
disease. (Advertisement) J players who just manage to hang on
i
to the major leagues. ; J
President Johnson said he hoped
Samuel Gompers would tirst consult
with his associates before taking up
the proposal seriously, adding that the
American League never has been 'ant
agonistic to the American Federation
of Labor.
'! t
USE"CASCARETS"FOR
LIVER AND BOWELS;
WHEN CONSTIPATED
When bilious, headachy, sick,
for sour stomach, bad
breath, bad colds. 1
Get a 10-cent box. J
Take a Cascaret to-night to cleanse
your Liver, Stomach and Bowels, nd
you will surely feel great by mqnf ng.
Y'ou men and women who have, head
ache, coated tongue, a bad cold, 'are
bilious, nervous, upset, bothered iith
a sick, gassy, disordered sPomaclu or
have backache and teel all worn put.
Are you keeping your bowels 'iran
with Cascarets or merely farcinf: a
passageway every few days 'ittvs
cathartic pills or castor oil?: "
Cascarets Immediately cleanse knd
regulate the stomach, remove the sfcur,
undigested and fermenting food
foul gases: take the excess.htle.fi
the liver and curry Oil the cfinstB'
waste matter and poison! Jromj
bow els. ! .. " s
Remember, a Cascaret tb-jitcii
straighten you out by rooming
knd
rm
ted
hhe
Kill
A
lucent box from your druggist .ni ns
nealthy bowel action: a clear heail ind
cheerfulness for months. Don't fosget
the children. (AdvertiseiiAt)
) THE BlSBEE, DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY MORNING, JANUARY 17, 1917.
FOUR
gitalin: Datly 2Suijfttf
Published Every Day Except Monday by the
State Consolidated Publishing Company
Business Office Phone No. 39.
Branch Connecting All Departments.
Advertising Rates on Application.
Entered as Second Class Mail Matter at Bisbee, Arizona,
Under Act of March 3, 1879.
Subscription Rates, Payable in Advance:
PER MONTH .75
THREE MONTHS 2.25
SIX MONTHS 4 00
TWELVE MONTHS 7.50
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per year 2.50
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per quarter 75
Hf Subscription Taken For Lest Than 75 Cent.
PHONE NO. 39.
Review subscribers not receiving a copy of The Bisbee
Oaily Review before 8 a. m. will get one promptly by
special Western Union Messenger by telephoning the
Circulation Department, No. 39. The Review will con
sider it a favor if any irregularity of delivery is reported
to the Circulation Department. The Messenger service
applies to Bisbee only.
WEDNESDAY MORNING, JANUARY 17, 1917.
on of various shoes, with the clerk talking sensibly, an.l
advising a shoe to fit the foot, while the customer talked
nonsense and fi?ially got a B shoe. "It pinches terribly
low, but it's such soft leather that it will probably be
comfortable in a few weeks."
And still we gasp when missionaries tell us how Chi
nese women have their feet bound in childhood, until the
foot is deformed and ugly!
Why "break in" a shoe any more than any other part
of one's clothing? Nobody ever buys a dress or a hac
several sizes too small, expecting to stretch it t6 the
right size. It is incomprehensible why women persist
today in such shoe folly, when comfort in other clothirt;
13 coming to be the fashion. It's bad for the shoe, a i
the clerk said. Cut it's worse for the .health of the
wearer.
MAKING PROHIBITION PROHIBITIVE. )
It has always been argued that "prohibition' doesn't pro
hibit". And the charge has been true. In many states
there has been nearly as much liquor consumed after
they have officially gone "dry" as before. That has been
made possible by shipments from wet" states. And
against such importations, even communities where a ma
jority of citizens henestly desired to abolish the liquor
traffic have usually been helpless. Liquor interests, aided
and abetted by transportation companies, would persist
in forcing liquor on them.
That helplessness is ended by the decision of the su
preme court upholding the constitutionality of the Webb
Kenyon act This act itself was passed by way of federal
support for state authority, declaring thatTio alcoholic
liquor might be taken into a state in contravention of
that state's own laws. The supreme tribunal, by pro
nouncing the law constitutional, definitely establishes
the sovereignty of the states in such matters.
The court takes pains to explain that congress itself
.has not meddled with the liquor problem. Whether con
gress has or has not the power to forbid the manufacture,
sale and consumption of alcoholic liquors may be ques
tioned, but that issue was not involved in this case. The
court declares that the states themselves have unquestion
ed authority to regulate the liquor traffic as they please.
Congress, backed by the judiciary, simply supports that
authority, and forbids any interference with it.
It may be taken for granted that shipments of liquor
into prohibition states will now be greatly lessened.
States like West Virginia may be as "dry" as they want
to be. Prohibition has won a big victory. An dso has
state sovereignfy.
WE'LL ALL RIDE.
Fairs are almost a tiling of the past. Horse shows may
still attract a few devotees of fashion, but they lack pop
ular interest. The automobile show is the thing. They
have just been having one in New York City. Its draw
ing power may be imagined from th fact that 55,000
people visited it the first evening. It's the same every
where. Small cities, too, have their annual auto shows.
And their attendance is greater by far than that of the
big city shows, in proportion to their population.
Everybody goes. Everybody may not be ready to buy
a new automobile, but everybody's interested. And rare
indeed is the man or women who, whatever his or her
station or wealth, doesn't hope to have a car some day.
Most of them will have cars, too some day. There ar
3,000.000 or more in use now in the United Slates. The
experts say there's no valid reason why there shouldn't
be 5,000,000, so far as ability to support them is con
cerned. That would mean one for every four families.
And a nation rich enough to support 5,000,000 cars now
may be able to support 10.000,000 In five or ten years
from now.
Just think back a decade i:i the automobile business,
and in the development of our national wealth, and then
think ahead for a decade. Is there anything absurd or
impossible in the idea of every family above the poverty
stage having its own car before men and women no'v
middle-aged have growu old? With wealth increasing
and the cost of automobiles steadily decreasing, what
other possibility is there?
One-seventh of, us arc riding now. We'll all ride some
uay.
BUILDING OUR NAVY.
If Uncle Sam wants a bigger navy, there seems nothing
left for him to do but go into shipbuilding for himself on
a bigger scale. PHvate shipyards are so busy and pros
perous that it's impossible to get built the warships au
thorized by the last congress. Four battle cruisers and
three scout cruisers, more urgently needed than any oth
ers involved in our naval program, have not yet been
contracted for. For some there are virtually no bidders.
For most of them the bids are higher than the appropria
tions made by coigress. and there is no assurance of
completion within the desired limit
The government has been doing as well as might have
been expected with its present building facilities. There
are nineteen naval vessels of various types under con
struction at the various federal shipyards. Congress has
authorized the spending of $6,000,000 in increasing those
facilities. Now Secretary Daniels asks for $12,000,000
more in order to ecuip the yards for more extensive work.
There ought to be no hesitation in voting money for
such an object. It's a natural step in naval perparedness,
and having gone si. far as we have we might as well go a
little further. The government has shown unexpected
efficiency in building warships. If official figures are to
be trusted. Uncle Sam, is turning out ships, of certain
types at least, moro cheaply and quickly than the private
builders. It's a legitimate field for government enter
prise, especially at a time when private enterprise doesn't
need the contracts and doesn't want them. And it seems
safe enough, as a business proposition, to go ahead and
enlarge the public shipyards. When we get our navy all
built if we ever do there will still be plenty of use for
them in building merchant ships.
PROHIBITION AT WASHINGTON.
The District of Columbia prohibition bill is a prohibi
tion triumph of a certain sort. Morally it is in line with
the temperance tendencies of the time. Legally it's full
ot absurd exceptions and contradictions. .
For one tiling, the people concerned were not consulted.
Residents of the District of Columbia, to be sure, are wot
used to much consideration. They are deprived of most
of the supposedly inalienable priviliges of American citi
zenship. They are governed by the federal congress a:?
if they were an island possession inhabited by savages.
Still, it might have been expected that congress, when it
undertook to mitigate the wetness of the national capital,
would have provided for some sort of popular referendum.
A local option measure would have been more in har
mony with American institutions. If congress may prop
erly render the district ."dry" by edict, it may just as
properly enact a national prohibition law, imposing prohi
bition on every state in the Union regardless of a state's
own wishes. And. that right is not yet recognized.
However, "the law in question doesn't prohibit. It is
special, partial, fractional legislation. The diplomatic
corps of foreign governments are excepted from its pro
visions. It has been pointed out that a foreign ambas
sador is thus given rights which the president of the
United States doesn't possess. And even where Ameri
can citizens are concerned, there is discrimination. There
are to be no more saloons a provision which most Amer
icans will doubtless approve but anybody is to be allow
ed to buy liquor for his personal use. The rich man can
still get all he wants. The poor man is virtually deprivt d
ot the privilege.
The act as a whole is undemocratic and un-American.
Congress should either let the matter alone, or go
further.
"BREAKING IN" SHOES.
Into a shoe store walked a woman a good deal over
average height and of corresponding weight. She want
ed a gray boot. And she announced promptly that a I
was probably the best width for her foot. Tin- clerk
brought out a lioot of prescribed color and size. It was
tried on. "(Hi. that's very loose!" c-l;iinc dthe ciistoin
"T. The font seemed to be all rirht, but the loth
was loo large for her ankle. The clerk explained that
auklcs varied a great deal and that the remedy lay in
padding the tongue of the t-hoc.
About that time the customer suggested that she eoul.l !
rear a (' if it weren't for fie torture of "breaking in the !
new shoes." Again the clerk explained that the "bro;ik- I
ing In" process was bad for foot and for shoe. A shoe
that was too small to begin with was stretched hideously
out of shie when it was "broken in", while tin- shoe that
itted well at the start stretched very little.
There was a good deal more experiment ins aud tryins
HELP THE RED CROSS.
"It is for you to decide." wrote President Wilson in
his Ited Cross appeal to the American people, "whether
the most prosperous nation in the world will allow its
national relief organization to keep up its work or with
draw from a field where there exists the greatest need
ever recorded in history."
There ought to be a ready and liln-ra! response. The
Ited Cross organization is known and trusted as is no
other philanthropical organization. It Fives a dollar'?
worth of supplies or services for every dollar contri
buted. It has been struggling with a relief problem far
beyond its capacity beyond the capacity of all the
world's relief organizations together with limited re
sources. From the beginning of (he war the American
Ited Cross has received and disbursed among European
var Miftcrers $-.1 j,nn. Its work is not conn tied to
any country or to any group of belligerents. It knows
tiu thi hi or national p rlisanship. no tcrri'rial limits.
The uccd is growing. Wih every null come piteous
appeals for help. The funds are exhausted. The amoinr
already given is infinitely small, compared with the need
and with our ability to give. We have been giving. ,u
a nation, less than 10 cents apiece per year to this noble
philanthrophy, at a time when our wealth is rolling ip
by (he hundreds of millions. Ciiu'l we at le.ist make
it .0 cents apieee this year? The lied Cross will accept
gratefully authing from a tent to a million dollars.
LEGISLATURE WOULD
ENDORSE CAMPBELL
(Continued From Page Olio)
a bitter iiKht over a resolution of re
cognition, imt the Campbell adherents
believe they I'juld put it through.
Only one bill has now passed each
house and that is a bill making ap
propriation lor the current and con
tingent expenses of the legislature.
No other measures have advanced be
yond the stage of first reading and
reference to committees where they
would naturally remain for some days.
Foster Has Bill.
A session 'of two hours was held
this morning by both houses in which
a half dozen bills were introduced.
The first attempt at labor legislation
was a bill by A. Foster, of Cochise,
for the prevention of special deputies
or other peace officers for private em
ployment by Corporations and provid
ing that no appointment should be
made of a person who had not been
a resident of the state for six months.
Other house bills were:
By McGrath. of Cochise, increasing
the age for compulsory education from
sixteen tj eighteen years.
liy Vaughn, of Maricopa, to amend
the election laws by reducing the
number of ballots to be printed from
three for each registered voter to ten
for every eight voters.
Pupils Would Ride Free.
By Peterson, of Graham, providing
for the house public transportation ol
school children living more than a
mile distant from school.
By liousT, of Gila, amending the
primary election- law so that a candi
date for a nomination for election re
ceiving a majority of all Cue Viies cast
should be declared elected to Uie o.
lice.
Senate bills were:
By Mahoney, of Mohave, increasing
the pay of jurors to $3 a day and pro
viding mileage of jurors ten cents a
mile one way.
Sutter's School Bill.
By Sutter, of Cochise, providing for
the issuance of bonds by school dis
tricts for the purchase of school sites.
the erect. 'on of school buildings und
for all school purposes except for
which revenue is now requireu to be
raised by taxation. 1
Ilv Itllt hrffrl nf V.lvanui rt',1 nr in :
the period after which a teacher shall
be entitled to a state pension from 25 J
years to 20 years. i
Both houses adjourned until ten i
o'ci'jck tomorrow morning.
CALL FOR MR. WILSON
By Bltl-VKERHOFF.
K WOOD ROW , THERE 's
:'Zgmjll& PBSIM A M,CEf LtTTLE CHL OUT
IIS- -lll&SV Hfce WANTS To PLAY I
hfc l ; ( v iff' iTmr
Ikl l il Fy
' f : .TlT ,T : -i -'';l I'llRJT 81-3
; nr i f- i i ':!irv : : m iw v.
' M' V1 , R .-A - titiiMir i''t f
1!
mm mm
W . Setoff
L
WELCH IS OUTPOINTED I
MILW Al'KKK. Jan. It.. I'.iu hie !
Mitchell. Milwaukee lightweight. d-
feated Champion Freddie Welsh on
points in a 10 round conti -t here to- j I
nigni, sporting minis asiuu i
IPlfri Biniii rvTriioinii
IfiAUiyiACAIthOIUH !
GOES TO MARKET
i
L. J. Overlook Receiving Sub
scription for New Mining
Company.
diagnosed as symptoms or paralysis. " eduesday, Jan. l.th. L. J.
The attack yielded to treatment but j OVERLOOK begins to receive sub
it -was deemed unwise to permit the scriptions for the stock of the MAGMA
,.i.i,i h. ,...,! EXTKXSION COPPF.lt MINING COM-
visit to the New Kngland coast be- '
(Continued From Page One)
cian who was called to his bouse
found hi n in his easy chair and show
ing a slight thickness of speech and
dialated pupils which were at once
PANY. This is a new company own
ing approximately l.'i acres of excel
lent mineral ground between ami a I- j
most adjoining the Magma and Silver:
King mine, in the Pioneer Mining Dis-1
triet, Superior, Pinal County. Arizona. 1
The company is capitalized for j
1 ..",11(1 1111(1 sll:in i.-ir :ihw S I III) HIT
sort apparently iii his usual health, j sll.m. The treasury consists of 1.000.. i
000 shares, of which :hm.nui shares are
lolfered the Aiizwia public at 75 cents
'per share. The owners of the proper
'ty have every confidence in the ground.
are well tatisueii wuli tuc nuancial
arrangements being made, and have
taken stock entirely in payment lor
their ground. In case of over-sub- i
cause of the strain of the long rail
road trip. Secretary Paniels placed
the naval yacht Mayflower at the ad
miral's disposal, and he returned to
Washington after a cruise up the
const and a stay at a seashore re-
PLAN 10 MEET DEFICIT
With Money
That's the way wealth has been gained ever since the
world started.
Every dollar you deposit at Our Savings Depart
ment is malting money for you with the four per cent
interest which this bank allows.
Get your savings account started and MAKE IT
GROW I
Citizens Bank & Trust Company
Main Street ' Blabee, Ariicna
Will E. McKee, President C A. McDonald, Cashier.
O. W. Wolf, AMltUnt Cashier.
(Continued From Page One)
investment, and would yield some
thins over $S00,0UO,OU0; the intieii-
tance tax would be raised to one and .script.'jn, the company reserves the
one-half instead of one per cent on ' right to reduce, reject or return any
minimum estates and from 10 to 15 ' subscription.
per cent on those of more than $15.- That the extensive ore bodies of this
000,1)00, yielding an additional rev- j wonderful district exist in the por-
enue of about $22,000,000; and the
bond issue of $249,000,000 would be
designed expressly for emergency ex
penses such as the Mexican trouble,
the Alaska railroads, the new armour
plate plants, the purchase of Danish
West Indies, and appropriations lor
the shipping board.
In this form the program will be
submitted by Democrats of the com-
! phyry is shown by the development
'and production of such wonderful pro-1
: perties as the Magma and Silver King
: mines, in his recent report on the
I property of the Magma Chief. Walter!
I Harvey W eed, the minent engineer j
ami c.Tcrt. clearly indicates this ci..'r-
:actenstte '.! I lie uistm t. from the
'fact tliat there i.- acln.ili exposed on
the Extension ground, a i'rpbry dke
l:it. inl riiuinn :it Iki.I 7IO I'. I Mill.'
ni.t.ec to thc.r Kepuhhean , ollcagx-s I mil.ra!ly,.,,, it .,,,ls r, ...
hu will be asked to make sag- ;.Mv (.(,rtajl) lim!t.r,v i(lf. Ihis xjhl.
gest.ons immed.ately so the measure , .l)U. Jir ,tv js j,,,,,,,.,,,,. ((U.
may be brought into the Utilise. Dein I .. . .,
ft
! - - - ... . ... .. . t.-a. f....
I
SAVING AND THRIFT
ARE TWIN SISTERS.
They are also inseparable companions, for where you
!.;i l Sa.ing. there you will find Thrift. Do not wait
lor more prosperous times before you know them bet
ter. They will safely snide you to success. The
place uf Absolute Security for money is the Miners Jc
.Merchants Bank.
(.'pen an account now.
4' i Interest Paid on
Time Deposits.
i !
ocratic. leader Kitchin expects
piiss within a week.
it lo ;
Development work will be pro.-eciit-
jed immediately, consisting of sinking
I the shaft on the Portland claim, and
further exploration by means ol 1 1 ill-
II
in;
This latter vi!l rapidly determine
CHINESE FEAR VILLA
WHEN WITHDRAWAL COMES
Jl'AUKZ, Jan. It;. An appeal has , whether, in addition to ri h coi?:er de
been made to the representative ol j posits, similar to the Magma, there is
the Chinese government here by the underlying the u:a!ase ot the Extension
Chinese residents of western Chihua-' tM. , ontiuuation of the rich silver of
hua for protection when the American 1 the Silver King mine,
troops leave for the bonier. The j ti10 directorate of the company is
Chinese who have been supplying the ; c,im posed of lb- lollovving men:
punitive expeiiition with fruits, vege-1 pn-Mdent and Treasurer. .Tcliri f.iwan.
tables and groceries say they fear they ! formerly superintendent of the Sup.
may lie killetl by Villa's followers n0. Queen Cop. Co.; S.nct.ny and
after the Ameriiati troops withdraw. ;.-nr.i ;-i..n.i r. J .1 .carv. termer
As they cattuol cro.-s the border, tlicv ij Wjin the M ii.ui.i 'ppcr Companj
arc planning to cotue to .liiarc. hire .,,r :cveu c.ir.: ; o A M ink. t"ini
a relusee t am;i mav have iv be est..b- ...iv l;,mk ( omto roller ef the lenitory
it .rii oiia. .) W'. ;-prtv. .veil knonii
in the district, and it clo tloii frank
li. Poole, IToidi lit Kelvin Luiiihcl'
lihed lor them.
Many Mormons and Mexi' ;iu r ..i
dents of we.-leni ('hiliuahiia are also
expected to conic out when the troops
depart.
V
BRITISH RED CROSS FUND
! REACHES 30 MILLIONS
! LONDON. Jan. ltV -Tile Times'
I Ked Cross fund, which the other
'newspapers are :ih;o suppoi I in::, las
! now passed the ti.oon.ntio
:r.ark.
and Supply Co.
.Mining Kngi'ie
his ieM'it. stale
gio:iiiii 1 1 iv-. i nts .
the existence id
r K .1. I! iiisal!. ill
th.lt the IJxtellsi.UI
n ideal condition for
. bit mine, and pre-
For a very small annual rental we will
provide a place for your valuables that is
absolutely secure against fire and theft,
nnd that gives you ONE place for ALL
your valuable papers, jewelry, etc., instead
of stowing them away in a dozen different
insecure places.
diets that pro .cent imi ot the evteti. ivc
iev cl"pi H'oi i.k p'arii' d villi i.ipid
lv lll.lke M.lgtt: I L'xtelf i"0 on- ef il"
pound big piVJucCrc ol tin' dtsiii'i
!
i t. a
REVIEW W AGS ME BUSINESS GETTERS THE BiSBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY MORNING, JANUARY 17, 1917.
FIVE
Orpheum Theatre
Quality First
Friday and Saturday , January 1920
MATINEE AND NIGHT.
EDWARD L. GRAFTON'S COLOSSAL SUPER-PICTURE DRAMA
"Th
e
AMERICA'S FIRST PHOTOPLAY OF THE WEST
ACTION INCESSANT
THRILLING -:
ROMANTIC
THE ARGONAUTS IS EQUAL TO OR BETTER THAN ANY PHOTOPLAY
EVER PRODUCED IN ACTION, THRILLS, SENSATION, AND EMOTION.
THE EPIC OF THE SCREEN.
ADMISSION
ELECTRICITY WILL
BE REGULATED BY
NEWEST ORDINANCE
City Council . Adopts Ordin
ance Regulating all Electri
cal Fixtures, and Installa
tions in Bisbee.
Bisbee's city council, in mid
nionth session last evening at the
city hall, passed the proposed ordi
nance regulating all things pertain
ing to electricity and its handling in
the limits of the city. A similar or
dinance, having to do with installa
tion tot gas connections and the
handling of this fuel and lighting
product, will be passed at the next
session of the council, the first Tues
day in February.
In addition to the passage of the
two ordinances the business transact
ed was more of a routine nature.
SevcraJ other matters, inducing
.street iniprovi ,,icn!.;, city warratU,
the extension of the street car tracks
to the city limits and the elimination
.of ore wagons from the streets of
Bisbee were discussed.
Are Your Sewers Clogged?
The bowels are the sewerage system
of the body. You can well imagine
the result when they are stopped up
as is the case in constipation. As a
purgative you will find Chamberlain's
Tablets excellent. They are mild anil
gentle in their action. They also im
prove the digestiou. (Advertisement)
MEXICO BUYS THREE
GUNBOATS FROM JAPAN
MEXICO CITY. Jan. lfi Three
Mexican gunboats contracted for in
Japan have been completed and will
be delivered at a Pacific port in
March. The gunboats Bravo and Zar
agosa will proceed shortly to New
Orleans for repairs, while the gun
boat Guerrero will go to San Fran
cisco for the same purpose.
&'?aJvVS-v
In many a home the keystone of the family's health
is a daily ration of the splendid whole wheat and barley
food
.(Grape
The reason lies in the fact that this food contains
an abundance of those elements the mineral salts so
necessary for well-balanced bodies, brains and nerves.
Grape-Nuts also includes the entire nutriment of the
grains, in concentrated, easily digcsliblc form, rcady-to-cat
from the package.
Grape-Nuts is usually ratcn with rr.nn or milk,
and the flavor is wonderfully delicious. It also combines
in numerous attractive, special dishes.
Better digestion, better health, better accomplish
ment, with Grape-Nuts as a daily food.
"There's a Reason"
Am
onauts'
RED-BLOODED
R. R. FAVORITISM ,
CHARGED IN DENVER
(By Review Leased Wire.)
DENVER, Jan. 16 Testimony and
exhibits seeking to show alleged dis
crimination against Denver ami colu
mn points by railioads in freight
rates featured the opening session to
day of the hearing in the case of the
Colorado Public Utilities Commission
and the Colorado Fair Rates Associa
tion against thirty-four common car
riers operating in the territory, be
fore a representative of the interstate
commerce commission.
Myron I'attison, special examiner
for the commission, conducted the
session and S. H. Babcock, commis
sioner for the Colorado Fair Rates
Association and A. V. Trott, mer
chandise manager for a large Denver
department store, were today's wit
nesses. The New Mexico corporation
commission was also represented and
with numerous commercial bodies
filed applications as intervener. They
itul.i.le ?':H chambers of co-r.-neree
uiid st:;te L.i:jeud at Si'ux City, Oma
ha, Kansas City, Witchita and Hutch
inson, Kansas, the Utah traffic bureau
of Salt Lake City, the Transportation
Bureau of Denver Civil and Commer
cial Association lid a committee of the
Denver Manufacturers' Association.
Sumn, arizing what is being sought
by the complainants one of Uab
cock's statements "said that it was
proposed that the old New York-Chi-cgn
rates in effect in 1S.S7 should be
extended across country to I'latts
inoutli, N. D. From that point to Den
ver it is proposed that the rate be
double the New York-Chicago rate.
The increase of population in the
v est ws set forth as a reason for the
change sought.
The hearings will continue indefi
nitely. I THREE TEXAS YOUTHS I
j ARE LOST IN SNOW STORM.!
I PLAINVIEW. Tex., Jan. 16 Willar.l
land Rudolph Warren and Harvey Lee I
j Beaucham, three Plain vie w youths, arc ,
lost in the Break country in the cast-1
ern part of Floyd county, where they :
' went to hunt Sunday morning.
-Nuts
IN TEN GREAT REELS
EXCITEMENT
15 and 25 Cents.
BASEBALL STRIKE
DUE FEBRUARY 20
Six Hundred Players May
Hold Out, Backed by Gom
pers and Labor.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
NEW YORK. Jan. 16 David L.
Fultz, president of the Baseball
Players' Fraternity, today set Fel
ruary '20, as the date the players'
strike is likely to become effective.
"The Chicago National league play
eis have boen instructed to .report
in Chicago on that date to make the
trip to their 'training camps at Pasa
dena, California," said Mr. Fuitz. "if
the present baseball tangle is not
straightened out by that time, how
ever, not one of the IS leading mem
bers of the team will move. The oth
er clubs who have unsigned frater
nity players will be up against a sim
ilar situation when they order mobil
ization at the training camps. The
plovers simply will not bulge.
Mr. Fultz said the decision to join
the American Federation of Labor
came after reports from Presidenl
Johnson of the American league that
the fraternity must be crushed and
that players who are active in the
fraternity must give up the order or
get out of his league.
"We needed something to bulwark
us up, and there seems no doubt that
affiliation with the American Feder
ation of l-ibor will prove a great
benefit," continued -Mr. Fultz. "I
believe such affiliation will strength
en us sufficiently to win the requests
we now ask for without carrying this
strike into the season. I do not be
lieve the club owners will want to
antagonize the federation, as base
ball is largely a workingman' sport,
especially in the wvstern cities, which
are unionized more strongly than the
easf. It would hardly be to the ad
vantage of club owners to hire in
ferior players in such cities.
"Not only did six to seven hun
dred players sign pledees late last
season told not to sign until in
structed io do so but within the last
four weeks we sent out fresh letters
to the players, askini:: "are you still
willing to go through with this?' and
all have answered "yes.
"I also have received many letters
from playeis of low minor leagues
classification asking what they shall
do. They play in leagues not pro
tected by the fraternity, and they
have been instructed to sign their
contracts."
WONDERFUL PICTURE
IS ARGONAUTS, 1894
Appears for the First Time in
District and at Lowell
Thursday.
One of the features of "The Argo
nauts of California," the wonderful
ten-reel pict iiri.ut ion of the great gold
rush of ISM,, which will he shown lor
the first tune ill the District at the
Lowell theatre Thursday, is the Indian
attack on the wagon train of the Argo- j
Hauls and the realistic buttle which i
ensues. I
A l.ir-e hand VI Commune lies, tin
tribe iiiusl 1 ;ii ci1 of all I he plains'
t-;i.j:'cs in III- early dajs. secured1
1 1 i ... 1 1 1 1 ill"' I'l'ileil Stjle.s Cinnitii'. !
Moimt ol lii'li.ui Vl.iirs, together wiili
their mounts and ar c't'iipineni heir
chief, old Fighting Hear, ami Mwrrl
ol the braves who participated in Hie j
built ale actual M il l;. ill:- ol tile hostile ,
days and hae p:ii tii ipatcil in maii
real encounters with the whites.!
Among the whit" actors who ligurc j
prominently in tile battle are Captain !
I ii irh s A. .v.'MHuoricry. one of the
ieo;.t Idiiiuils Mouts unj Indian lilit
iij t'f joutL..' .-t.
WANT PERSONNEL OF
! COLORADOANS ASKING
R. R. RATEREOUGTION
j Railways Think Rates Asso
i ciation Men After Lower
I Rates for their Own Private
Personal Gain.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
DK.WcR, Jan. ltf. Questions seek
ing to elicit detailed iiilormaiion con
cerning the personnel "ji the Colorado
Fair Kates Association were asked to
day by counsel representing thirty
tour defendant railroads iu Hearings
before a special examiner for Lie in
terstate tonimerce commission in pro
ceedings instituted by the Colorado
public utilities commission aim the
rare Rates Associai.Vm.
S. S. babcock, commissioner for the
Fare Rates Association, was under
cross examination during the entire
oay oy il. Ai. Stand reth. counsel tor
the roads. A request lor the names
and addresses of each member of the
rates association as asked by Albert
i. Vogel, counsel l'jr the detemianls.
Filially, however, it was agreed to
supply the list.
Attorneys indicated that it would
be the contention of the railroads that
the reductions sought at the present
hearing are beneficial only to certain
shippers and that many others would
sufler by the proposed changes.
The cross examination of Commis
sioner Babcock developed a summary
of the reductions sought in the follow
ing territory:
Between Chicago and Colorado com
mon points: .Missouri points and Col
orado common points; Atlantic sea
board points . and Colorado common
points by way of Calveston, and Gal
vest'jn and Colorado common points.
Reductions are also sought in certain
commodity rates from Colorado com
mon points to 94 towns in New Mex
ico, Arizona, Texas, Nebraska, Wyom
ing, South Dakota. Montana, I'tah,
Idaho, Oregon, Nevada and Pacific
terminals.
Re-direct examination of Mr. Bab
cock w ill begin tomorrow.
SANTEL WINS
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 1C Ad
Santel, champion heavyweight wrest
ler of the Pacific coast took two falls
from Constantino Romanoff, challen
ger, .here tonight. Santel obtained
OUCH! LUMBAGO?
Try IIasifrola. ' See How Quickly
It Relieves
You just rub Musterole in hri-kly.
and usually the pain js gone a delicious,
soothing comfort comes to take its place.
Musterole is a clean, while ointment,
made with oil of mustard. Use it instead
of mustard plaster. Will not blister.
Many doctors and nurses use Muster
ole and recommend it to their patient--.
They w ill gladly tell you w hat relief it
gives from sore throat, bronchitis, croup,
stiff neck, asthma, neuralgia, congestion,
pleurisy, rheumatism. hmilago. pains and
sicheff of the hack or joints, sprains, sore
muscles, bruises, chilblains, frosted feet,
colds of the chest (it often prevents
pneumonia Always I'ovcndaMc.
V
;,' . . J
HEAT WIT! GAS
ri-.v-.vsfrs:
it
"
f '
rt ' Reliable VI
Iho first fall in three minutes and
. si' v litem s riiiN. Komanoft' also it.
, a heavy weight.
Lishop iiiiaiu .a rn.i'f says that
1 I.(miu.im)i) if proposed $.,,(iiii.0'Ht pen
sion fund for Episi opal clergymen has
been pledged.
CORNS PEEL RIGHT
OFF WITH "GETS-IT"
le -artu-ltx" Tour Cnriin Tt'oi't
In Watrr. Ilmidra. Tbrjr'U
arivcl, Loosen and i'rel OH!
When you've got to walk on the
sides of your shoes to get away n'jm
those awful corn-pains, there's only
one common sense thing to do. Put
2 or 3 drops of "Gets-It" on the oru
right away. Pain and inhumation w ill
disappear, the i"rn w ill begin to shriv
el from tliat instant then is loosens
(and falls right off.
There's no other corn-remover in
j the world that acts like "Gets-It."" No
new discovery has been made in corn-
removers since "Gets-It was born.
Don't forget tha fact. "Gets-It" does
away forever with the use jf salves
that irritate, bandages that make a
bundle of your toe, plasters that halt
do the work, knives and scissors that
draw blood. I'se "Gets-It" no more
digging or cutting.
"Getlt" is sold everywhere, ZTtr a
bottle, or sent on receipt of price Dy
E. Lawrence & Co., Chicag'o, 111.
I Sold in Bisbee and recommended as
j the w orld's best corn remedy by Phelps
i Dodge Mercantile Company.
! IN THE SUPERIOR COURT
, In the County of Cochise,
( State of Arizona.
! J. W. Stanley, Plaintff, vs.
j Ollie Stanley. Defendant.
Action brought in the Superior Court
of the State of Arizona, in andfor
I the County of Cochise and the Com
j plaint tiled in the said County of
I Cochise, in the olhce jf the Clerk
j of said Superior Court.
The State of Arizona Sends Greeting:
' (!!ie Stanley.
You are hereby required w appear
J In an action brought against you by
i the above named plaintff in the Su
perior Court of the State of Arizona.
!in and for the County of Cochise, and
to answer the complaint tiled theiein
j within twenty days (exclusive of the
'day of service) after the service on
you of this summons (if served within
the county; otherwise within thirty
jdays) or judgment by default will be
, taken against you according to the
'prayer of said complaint,
j Ghen tinder my hand and the
i Seal of the Superior Court of
the Stale of Arizona, in and
I (Seal) for the County of Cochise, this
j 6(h day of January in the year
i of our Lord, one thousand nine
j hundred and seventeen.
' J. 11 JAM KS.
1 Clerk,
i By 11. P. JOHNSON. '
Deputy Clerk.
THE LITTLE PORTABLE GAS HEATER ENABLES YOU
TO QUICKLY CONVERT THE COLDEST ROOM IN
YOUR HOUSE TO WARMTH AND CHEER IT GIVES
Comfort
WHEN
LIGHTS AT THE FLASH OF A MATCH-CONNECTS
BY A FLEXIBLE METALLIC TUBE AND CAN BE
EASILY MOVED FROM ONE ROOM TO ANOTHER.
QUICK
I
ninpr
First Don't Delay. Second Don't
Experiment.
If you suffer from backarhe: head
aches or dizzy spells; if you rest poor
ly and are languid in the morning: if
the kidney secretions are irregular
and unnatural iu appearance, do not
delay. In such cases the kidneys
toften need help.
Doan's Kidney Tills are especially
prepared for kidney trouble they are
recommended by thousands. Can re
sidents desire more convincing proof
than the statement of a citizen of this
locality ?
W. Lancaster, railroad brakeman,
330 E. Nineteenth St., Tucson. Ariz.,
says: "A great many railroad men
have kidney trouble, owing to the
jarring of the train. I was no excep
tion. My back hurt so badly that it
nearly killed me and my kidneys be
came disordered. One fox of Doan's
Kidney Pills soon brought me relief
and rid me of the troubles."
Price 50c, at all dealers. Don't
simply ask for a kidney remedy get
Doan's Kidney rills the same that
Mr. Lancaster had. Foster-Milburn
Co., Pi'ops., Buffalo, N. Y.
Advertisement
"Opini'on is ainiin; strength." Iron
Age hears from Pittsburgh, "that top
prices have been reached in the steel
and iron market."
A 0009 WHITER HASH
Many peopie dread w inter because
the sudden climatic changes bring
colds, grippe, rheumatism, tonsilitis or
bronchitis. But thousands of wdl-
informed men and women today avoid
much sickness for themselves and their
children by taking a few bottles of
; Scott's Emulsion to make richer blood,
i fortify the membranes of the throat
andchestandcreate body-warmth tore
' sist sickness. Soldiers at war receive cod
' liver oil; it will also strengthen you.
Scott & Bownc. Bloomficld, N. J. 16-3
GRADUATE
I NURSE
! Why She Recommends Lydia
E. Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound.
Chieag-o, 111. "I was in poor health
for two years, caused by a displacement.
and during six
months of this time
was under a doc
tor's cro without
Cettin? any he!n.
I tic.iti-u to iiy
Lydia E. Pinkham's
egetable Com
pound and it made
me feel like a new
woman. I am en
tirely relieved of
the displacement
and periodic pains.
and am now the mother of a beautiful
healthy baby. I am a graduate nurs
and will be glad to, recommend Lydia
E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound to
; ether women." Mrs. R. W. Sloan,
i 602i So. Park Avenue, Chicago. 111.
i There are many women who suffer
, as Mrs. Sloan did and who are being
' benefited by this great medicine every
day. It has helped thousands of women
: who have been troubled with displace-
merits, inflammation, ulceration, irreg
! clarities, periodic pains, backache, that
bearing down feeling, indigestion, and
nervous prostration.
If you need special sdvice writs
Lydia E. Pinkham Medicine Co. (confi
dential), Lynn, Mass.
ft BIT OF
s i w,.'y,
vL WIT
mil
f WHERE YOU WANT IT
YOU WANT IT
AFE
Prices $2.75 to $7.00
iPitMMT CO.
Villi IS HAMMERING
AT CHIHUAHUA CITY
(Continued From Page One)
The ile facto command of three hun
dreu men in charge ot Colonel Jose
Kiojas, defeated the opjosing band.
according to information received
' in re. Tne ue facto troops lost seven
men killed ami tour wounded. the
Villa band lost five killed. The num
ber of w oonded was not knowu. The
defeated force tied to the s'outh.
GIRLS! HAVE WAVY,
THICK, GLOSSY HAIR
FREE FROM DANDRUFF
Save your hair; Double its
beauty in a few minutes
try this!
If you care for heavy hair, that
glistens with beauty and in radiant
with life; has an incomparable soft
ness and i's fluffy and lustrous, try
Danu-rine.
Just one application doubles the
beauty of your hair, besides it im
mediately dissolves every particle of
dandruff: you cannot have nice, heavy,
healthy hair if you have dandruff. This
destructive scurf robs the hair of its
lustre, its strength and its very lite,
and if not overcome it produces a
feverisliness and itching of the scalp:
the hair roots famish, loosen and die;
then the hair tails out fast.
If your hair has been neglected and
is thin, faded, dry. scraggy or too
oily, get a 25-cent bottle of Knowlton's
Danderine at any drug store Xr toilet
counter: apply a little as directed and
ten minutes after jou will say this was
the best investment you ever made.
We sincerely believe, regardless of
everything else advertised, that if you
Jesire soft, lustrous, beautiful hair and
lots of it no dandruff no itching
scalp and no more falling hair you
must use Knowlton's Danderine. If
eventually why not ifbw?
(Advertisement)
LYRIC
Entire
Change of
Program
r r. -
CLEAN
TODAY
5c
r
v
r - SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY MORNING, JANUARY 17, 1917.
Mining and Financial Nevjs
BY REVIEW LEASED WIRE
NEW YORK. Jan. It Further
pain of one to three points in the
usual leador and more for various
speculative issues accompanied the
course of today's strong and broad
market- Total sales of 85,000 shares
were more than double those of the
preceding session.
There appeared to be no definite
or tanplble reason for the rise.
For the most part the advance was
steady and without spectacular fea
tures. There was an extreme gain
of three points In United Slates steel
to 115.
Recoveries of t'wo to eight points'
in automobile "issues. General Motors
leading, were regarded as a drive
against the short interest. Mexicans,
including oils, responded to the dis
solution of the loint commission
sMppincs were two to free points
bottpr. Industrial Alcohol. Ameri
ca Woolen, sntars nd nter stocks
enondort im tpriff prosets wde
variable but substantial improvement.
The inoi'iry for rails was "ore sus
ttin"l tPH Ft anv recent worin TSo
-" ' ' tAa n f q n-l i - 2 r -
- - Ttf t---' - - - r .
o-tT 1V"S-rss of r!te! o Rr'if
Vinn apd Ptroerad. while ex-r-nnp
on Ro'rie xrns at f" lowest
3i--rp t-e wjtr.
Domestic bonds wero sron Toal
""'w. rr vslne. J8.737.000
TT. 1 1 " .) Ctttfs OTS WT, y O".
on c'l
CHICAGO GRANS
CHTCAGO. Jan. 16. Fnlareed ex
port business toceter wit a hie de
crease in the United Ptots viop'e
8U"tily cave a strone nnworrt tnni1sp
to the wheat market todav. As a re
sult prices, al thou eh nervous at the
close, showed an advance of to
C net, with May at 1.884 pnd July
at 1.51 to 151i. Corn gained 3
to lc. Oats to to ai and
provisions 25 to 75.
Export sales of wheat for th day
totalled as much as 1,500.000 bushels,
and it was said three foreign gov
ernments were buying. In this con
nection the fact was pointed out that
the world's available stock showed a
huge reduction in the last 'week,
about 6,000.000 bushels as against an
increase of about 2,000.000 bushels
at the corresponding time a year ago.
Berlin advices that the answer of
the entente allies barred for the pres
ent any further steps by Germany to
bring about peace counted to a ma
terial extent as a bullish factor in
the wheat market. Fears of crop
damage in the soft wheat states
tended also to handicap the bears.
Export buying and the scarcity of
rural offerings helped to lift corn.
Oats responded to improved seaboard
demand.
Advances in the hog market made
provisions soar. The semi-monthly
report on warehouse stocks was re
garded as bullish.
METALS MARKET
NEW YORK. Jan. 16. Copper
etectrolytic first, second and third
quarters 2732'. Lead 670. Spel
ter not quoted.
Ear silver 74.
Pennsylvania 5r,'i
Reading 102";
Rep. Steel 79";
Rubber 0Vi
Studobaker 10S'4
Steel 114"k
Steel Preferred 120
St. Taul 9 Hi
Southern Pacific . .... 97"i
Union Pacific 145
United Fruit 15014
Westinghouse 52
BOSTON
Adventure 3
Allouez 66i
Maska 9'4
rinnn CoTTercM 13
"orlon zinc 37Mj
Rut'e ... 49
'"-'"K'o Alton '.. . 794
" . H ......... 555
c .Rance "''
rhino ..: 5.4
"y4- - . ....... 14A
Otfnhv 91
Cnn ., 44
noldfield ., 75
TWrT1V
r-
1::
I V,
T '1
' MnwV ... ......
j Tvott ...
I N'in. ......
. . . laJi
. . . . 4V,
. ... 41U
' R5'.
..... 3
. 2".v.
244
8
Old Dominion 64
Osceola ....... 6
fnyfl rr J11A
Ouipcv 804
Riv Consolidated ' 27 j
Shannon 94!
Shsttuck 274 I
Sud. Boston 7v.
Tamarack 574
Utah Copper 107 .
Utah Consolidated 1SK j
Winona OA 1
CURBS 1
Ark. & Arizona CO !
Big Jim V4
Big Ledge 4 j
Butte & London 28 j
Cornelia 174 j
Denn 17 !
Dundee 1 j
Emma 1?4. '
Fortuna 10 I
G. Island 60 j
Gold Reed 5 , j
G. Monster 14 j
Gadsden 2 !
Howe Sound 74
Hull 40
Ins. Needles
Jerome Verde 14
Jerome Victor
1
1 Magma 51
(By L. J. Overlock).
NEW YORK
Anaconda 864
American Can 474
American Car 68
American Loco 774
American Smelter 109
American Sugar .' 1114
Atchison : 105
Baltimore & Ohio 84 Vi
Baldwin 58
Bethlehem Steel 479
C. & 0 644
C. F. 1 464
Canadian Pacific 161
Crucible 65
Distillers -28
Erie 334
Goodrich 57
Great Northern Ore 364
Irdiana Alcohol ...... .129
Murine 28
Marine Preferred 854
Maxwell 56
Mexican Petroleum 1044
New York Central 1014
Northern Pacific 108
FAMILY AVOIDS
SERIOUS SICKNESS
By Being Constantly Supplied With
Tbedford's Black-Draught.
McDuif, Va. "I suffered for several
rears," says Mrs. J. B. Whittaker, ol
this place, "with sick headache, and
stomach trouble.
Ten vears aeo a friend told me to tnr
j Thedford's Black-Draught, which I did,
ind I found it to be the best family medi
cine for young and old.
' I keep Black-Draught on hand all the
time now, and when my children feel a
little bad, they ask me for a dose, and it
does them more good than any medicine
they ever tried.
, We never have a long spell of sick
ness in our family, since we commenced
asing Black-Draught"
Thedford's Black-Draught Is purely
regetable, and has been found to regu
late weak stomachs, aid digestion, re
lieve indigestion, colic, wind, nausea,
headache, sick stomach, and similar
lymptoms.
It has been tn constant use for more
tian 70 years, and has benei'iicd more
ban a nnl'ion pcojile.
Vomi 1rut'j;'-,t flls and ""-ommrnds
i"'.re o.. , Oi a
" M C 123
. . .BUY. . .
Arizona Copper Queen
QUICK RESULTS FROM MINE
American Smelting & Refining Co
Hayden, Arizona, Oct 29, 1915.
Bought of Arizona Copper Queen Mining Co., 1170
Gross Weieht Net Copper
5040 49.98 4948 .1765
.0250
.1515
Copper 15.43 308.6 lbs. Less 20 2S8.6 lbs $43.72
Iron 10 53
Treatment charge $2.50
Insoluble 54.87 -07 3.84
$44.25
6.34
$37.91
Due Shipper $93.79
OFFICERS:
S. C Douglas, President;
E. S. Herider, Secretary;
E. J. White, Treasurer;
John Simm, Mine Mgr.
F. C Hurst, Fiscal Agent
Sasse Candy Store, Main Street.
Marina Chief :
Miami Consolidated 3ft
Pittsburg Jerome 14
Ray Mercantile 44
Santa Rita vi
Tom Reed ISC
United Pastern 5
t'nil.d Western 2
Yet Jo ..S'i
Verde Combination
Wart en
Wol. Arizona 14
WHEAT
May 1854
July 149 l.'.P,;
CORN
May 99 994
July 97; 994
COTTON
March 1744 1744-45
May 1766 iTes-ee
NEW YORK. Jan. 10. Market
nnonpi) ?ier and with steel, Utah
"d Anaconda as leaders, market
"ade eood sains in all directions
'"'osine with a eain of from two to
three points, in some of the loading
stocks.
ti renorted German foreign min
'oter's statement that the entente re
nlv to the President's note bars fur
ver peace stens by Germany now,
caused a continuauce of short cov-
tn- nnt some replacement of long
lines.
There is talk of another big
per order being placed here by
Allies in the near future.
COLLINS
and
BRETHERTON
Specializing in
JEROME
ANT)
Oaiman
Stocks
JACK BUILDING,
MAIN ST. PHONE 26
OATMAN
(By Collins & P.reibrton)
Bid
Argo
Adams IS
Arizona Rex
Arizona Tom Ray
Big Jim 127
Boundary Cone 25
Carter Gold 06
Fessenden OS
Gold Reed
Gold Cliff
Ivanhoe 05
Jerome Oatman
Lucky Boy 12
Merry Widow
Oatman Combination ...
Sunnyslde
Tellurido i. ....
Tom Reed 1S6
'Tnited Eastern
fnited Northern
United Western ...... :03
OTHER CURBS
Gadsden 2 62
Green Monster 1.44
Butte London . 28
Venture Hill
Pittsburg Jerome 1.06
Jerome Verde 150
Ark. Arizona 50
cop-the
Ask
.19
.25
.10
1.28
.25
.07,
.10)
.12 j
.151
.06 j
.05
.13 i
.10!
.17!
.181
.20 j
4 98!
.12
.06
1.50
.29 I
.17
1.18
1 56
OFFICES:
Blsbeo
Douglas
Globe
Jeroma
Pretcott
Phoenix
P. O. BOX 279
Direct Wire Connection with
Jerome and All Our Offices.
R. ALLYN LEWIS
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL. BISBEE.
JOHN A. CAMPBELL. Manager.
BONDS, STOCKS, INVESTMENTS
Orders Executed for Cash or on Proper Margin
E. F. Mutton & Co's Private
Leased Wire to All Exchanges
CORRESPONDENT
E-F.Hutton&Co.
Members New York
Stock Exchange
TELEPHONE
135
Jerome Portland .62
Ins. Needles 27 .50
Hull Copper 40 .50
Magma Chief SI .87
Wolv. Arizona 1.50 1.62
Miami Mother Lode .50
Verde Combination .75 100
Miami Consolidated 30 .33
Bisbee Copper .75 .87
Butte Arizona 04
Louisiana Arizona .75
Jerome Daisy . .75
Warren .: RK
The Quinine That Does Not Affect
The Head .
Because of its tonic and laxative effect,
Laxative Bromo Quinine can be taken
by anyone without causing nervousness
or ringing in the head. There is only
' "Tiramo Quinine." E. W.
.move's signature is on each box. 25c.
Investigate and you will buy stock in the
Santa Cruz-
Bisbee
GREAT RAY
COPPER CO.
Will sell a few more shares at 30 cents before applica
tion is made to list on the curb.
Ray Consolidated Copper Co.. a $16,000,000.00 corporation, ad
joins Great Ray. '
Dr. Walter Harvey Weed
and MR. ARTHUR LEONARD FLAGG, eminent geologists, have re
ported on the property, and endorse it in its entirety.
Property joins Ray Consolidated and Hercules.
L. J. Overlock, Smith & Macgregor,
Bisbee. Lowell.
50 Cents Per Share
For information on latest developments see, or write to
J. O. TONKIN, Secretary
Muheim Building.
toma
Copper
Extension
ining Co.
Capital Stock . . . . . . . .: $1,500,000.00
1,500,000 Shares. : Par Value $1.00
Fully Paid and Non-Assessable.
TreasnryReservelOOOJOOShares
Property Situated Between the Famous Magma Copper Company and
Silver King Mines, and Adjoining the Magma Chief, Pioneer Mining
District, Superior, Pinal County, Ariz.
It Has Been Arranged to Sell 200,000 Shares of the Treasury Stock
at 75 CENTS Per Share. Subscriptions will be filled in the order re
ceived, and the right is reserved to reduce, reject or return any sub
scription. Subscription Books Open Wednesday, January 17th, 1917, and will
close without notice.
For Further Detailed Information Address the Company at 110 North
! First Avenue, Phoenix, Arizona.
Place Your Subscription With
L. J. Overlook
Broker
SUBSCRIPTION OFFICES SUBSCRIPTION OFFICES
Curtiss-Manning Co., J. A. Wilson,
EL PASO. GLOBE.
L. J. Overlock, J. C. Scott & Co.,
BISBEE. JEROME.
W. S. Dixon. H. D. McPhail,
DOUGLAS. SUPERIOR & RAY.
Tenny Williams & Co., Oatman-Prescott Brokerage
TUCSON. Co..
Wm. H. Childs & Co.. Nm! Mauk
SALT LAKE CITY. PHOENIX
GET THE BENEFIT OF A PERSONAL SERVICE
George Graham Rice
COMMISSION BROKER AND DEALER IN
SECURITIES
27 William Street New York
Phones, 793. 794. 836. 4925 Broad
YOUR ORDERS INVITED FOR
THE PURCHASE AND SALE OF
ALL GRADES OF SECURITIES
Industrial, Oil, Metal Mining, Utility
and Investment Issues bought and
sold in all markets for cash or carried
on conservative margin account.
Special facilities enjoyed for the
transaction of business in Jerome,,
Bisbee and other Arizona Mining se
curities dealt in on the New York
. and Boston markets
BROKER AND DEALER IN COP
PER, ZLNC, LEAD, LEAD-SILVER.
SILVER AND GOLD SE
CURITIES. Daily Market Letter, $1 a month
My Industrial and Mining Age, pub
lished weekly, $5 a year, and my
analyze industrials, oils, and mine
and market conditions affecting in
dustrials, metal markets, the Arizo
na, Couer d'Alene, Utah and other
copper, lead, silver, lead-silver and
zinc stocks, along with the Gold
fields, Tonopahs. Cobalts and Porcupines.
! solicit a share of your business in
all classes of securities.
YOUR INQUIRIES AS WELL AS
YOUR ACCOUNT SOLICrTED
GET THE BENEFIT OF A PERSONAL SERVICE THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY MORNING, JANUARY 17, 1917.
SEVEN
Review Want Ads
overtlaenienta under ttaA ead
.... - t,mra A nf 9K
-ue wiir uuiuuiuiu w" -
nrio no '"for tban p. u. for
Wanted
WANTED Waitress, Stage Club. 339
VANTED Old rags wanted at Re
view office.
WANTED Girl tor general house
work. Must be competent, phond
359. 24
WANTED Position by a practical
nurse, box 903, Bisbee. 30
WANTED When wanting help or
wanting employment call up 526.
3SS
WANTED A practical nurse tor
confinement case. Address box 72,
Naco. 169
WANTED Furnished rooms, tor
batching, state price and location,
P. O. box 651, Bisbee. 434
WANTED Nursing by practical
nurse with hospital experience, resi
dence No. 191 School Hill. 376
WANTED A good coat maker and
tailors helper. Heino & Keane
Johnson Add. 86
WANTED A lady housekeeper to
help tend store. Home Industry
Furniture Store, opposite Bank of
Lowell. 31
WANTED To hear from owner of
good farm for sale, state cash price
and discription. D.,F. Bush, Min
neapolis, Minn. 80
WANTED Competent milliner, just
out of business wants position as
trimmer or managing millinery de
partment, white A. C. Sandefur,
Bisbee, Arizona. 29
WANTED To buy a good second
hand typewriter. Send name and
sample of Its work and price to
postoffice box 816. Warren Ari
zona. 64
WANTED Mine shift boss with ex
perience handling Mexican labor.
See R. H. Sutton, C. Q hotel,
Thursday and Friday evening. 51
WANTED Boy 19 wants work In
garage or machine shop, have let
ters. Write Dewey Baker, Bisbee.
45
Positions Wanted
WANTED Position by a practical
nurse phone Blue 434. 25
LOST
LOST Diamond sunburst. Return to
Mr. Emil Marks receive liberal re
ward. 108
PROFESSIONAL CARDS
L. B. WHITNEY. Lawyer. Rooms E-
Allen Block. Open evenings. Phone
547 (109)
THE MOOSE HOTEL (Old Kinney
House) Furnished rooms $2 per
week and up, with gas; also light
housekeeping rooms. 178
Bisbee Mattress and upholstering
work, Hughes Block. We make ov
er old mattresses as good as new.
Free delivery. Phone 734. 484
REOPENING of old Mason black-
amith Bhop. Horse shoeing, buggy
work and automobile spring welding
a specialty. Call and see me, I will
treat you right, i. L. Straylck,
Prop. 206
Furnished Rooms
FOR RENT Nicely furnished front
room, suitable for one or two gen
tlemen. 108 School HiU. 84
FOR RENT Wll furnished batching
room, also comfortable sleeping
room, 49 O. K. Street 85
FOR RENT Furnished front room
across from Lowell School, Garden
Hill. 76
FOR RENT Furnished room, suitable
for one or two gentlemen. 11 Claw
son avenue. 26
irnn RTTVT Rntrhlni nhin snitfihlo
for two. Mrs. Lenoy, 104 Young-
blood Hill. 32
PETEY DINK Oh, Yes, He
at the rate ot 1 cent per word for each
Mlltl Alt TOrtl 1T1 II mtlt TPUCh Thf.
-
Insertion In the nect moraine pap"
For Sale.
FOR SALE Three large horses, at
Lowell Wood Yard, phone P3G. 419
FOR SALE One cabinet with speci
mens complete. Hogan Seed. 8S
FOR SALE Ford, bargain, M- C.
i High. Allen Block. 841
FOR SALE One Sterling piano. In
quire Arizona Grocery Store. 62
1
FOR SALE 16 rooming and boarding
house 80 boardera. All rooms full
Answer M. J. R-, Review. 10
FOR SALE Cheap. Motorcycle wtth
side car in Al condition. 8-apeed
Indian. Inquire French kitchen.. 1
l.AKsATT! b St ESC THM ARFO
FOR SALE Arnold electric vibrator,
Almost new 310.00. will call and
demonstrate. Address box 736, Bis
bee. 42
FOR SALE Ford touring- car at a
bargain. See Robinson, Brophy
Garage, Lowell. 643
FOR SALE One 6-reom modern
house. Terms, s Inquire 124' Quarry
Canyon. 430
FOR SALE Motor car, powerful road
ster or convertible to truck, bar
gain. Lowell Motor Co., phone .735.
' 374
FOR SALE 4 aorefl,' located 1 mile
from St. David. Small barn, -all
fenced, small artesian' ' well, price
$700. Inquire J. R. MeMullen, Naco,
Arizona. ' ' 4S3
fOR SALE Lots or ' Win wood Add.
An ' ideal location : for families
Twhi $10.00 down' and" $10.00 a
month. Mrs. Wlnwood,"
Add- '. ,
Winwoor1
184
FOR SALE One six room house and
four lots, one block; from car. line.
Tombstone Canyon.'; Inquire E..-J
Beyer, Miners & Merchants Bank
: ' ,V "'. 632
FOR SALE Concrete. ; mixer, Bine
cubic feet capacity In first-class con
dition with steam engine and bttiler
complete. John P.: Steffee,. P. O.
box 1828, phone 667, Bisbee, Ariz
: ... :;,j'::;;;
FURNITURE FOR BALI? The John
son Addition Furniture Co. wants
to bar yon the highest cash prices
fr your second hand furniture. AI
; wants to trade or exchange you
i-w furniture for your old. We will
H1 yon furniture cheaper' .than
anybody on easy payments. Call
In at the big brick building at the
Tohnson Addition and let us show
you our large and selected stock of
iouse fumlshinga. or phone us at
our stor Phone 3S5. Johnson Ad
ditlon
MisceIIaneon
DROP A CARD to the Guarantee
Paint A Wall Paper Co. for all
kinds of work in our line. Pat Clea
ry, manager, Box 1495. . Phone 720.
FOR SALE Highest cash price) paid
for second hand furniture, stoves
' clothing and tools - TTnele Jlro'n
Hrrwery Culcfc. . 31
Miscellaneous
For job carpenters call 11.
661
DAKCE Don't forget dance at Min
er's Union Hall, Wednesday, Janu
ary 17. Given by Musicians Club.
41
New map of Bisbee-Warrea mining
district free on request. Arlzona
Bisbee Copper Company, Room 8,
Maze Building, Bisbee, Arizona. 633
Learn actual auto repairing, book
keeping, shorthand, radio, engineer
ing. Y. M. C. A, Los Angeles. Cat
alogs free. 956
TOO LATE TO CLASSIFY.
WANTED Instructor to teach be- I
ginner oa guitar. Address J. G. H.
Review. 0000
Was With the Party All the Tone.
CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION,
t OF
1 GADSDEN COPPER COMPANY.
FIRST, The name of this corpora
tion is GADSDEN COPPER COM
PANY. SECOND, Its principal office and
place of business in the State of Dela
ware Is-to be located in the City of
Wilmington, County of New Castle.
The agent in charge thereof is the
DELAWARE CHARTER GUARAN
TEE ft TRU8T CO., No. 328 Du Hnt
Building, 7 West 10th Street.
THIRD, The nature of the business
and the objects and purposes proposed
ft be transacted, promoted and carried
oo. are. to do any or all of the things
herein mentioned, as fully and to the
same extent aa natural persons might or
could do and in any part Of the world,
via:
' uu oj yunumov, sim -"' I
ceesion, location, or any otner lawlulL.uuiril,v . , . .
means, mines, mining claims, mining
nghU and minerals; water rights, wa-
tor ditches 'and canals, power plants,
and pipe lines; and to buy, evil, ex-1
change, lease, operate and deal in, the
same, and to conduct all business ap-
purtenant thereto; to carry on the
Luamea. of mining, milling. Contract-,
ing. convening, amelting. reducing,
tilting, preparing for market, manu-
tacturuig. buying, selling, exchanging I
and otherwwe producing and dealing '
in gold. . silver, lead, copper, zinc. '
brass, iron, steel, and in ores, metals, ;
and minerals, and in the products and
by-products thereof, of every kind and
description, and by whatsoever pro-
cess the same can be or. may hereatter
ue produced, and generally and with-
jut limit as to amount;, to own, con-
struct, operate, and maintain mines.
mitts,' reduction plants, and smelters,
and any and All kinds of plants, ap-
paratus', equipment, and facilities in-
jident to. tue successful , transaction
and conduct of the business and opera-
uona hereinbefore mentioned. .
- To take, own, hold, deal In, mort-
iage or otherwise lien, and to lease,,,
jell, exchange, transfer, Or in any man
ner whatever dispose of real property,
within or without the State of Dela
ware, wherever situated.
To manufacture, purchase, or ac
quire in any lawful manner, and to
ao(d,. .own mortgage, pledge, sell,
transfer, or in any menner dispose ot,
and to deal and trade in goods, wares.
merchandise and property of any and
every class and description, and in
any part of the world.
To acquire the good will, rights and
property, and to undertake the whole
or any part of the assets or liabilities
of any person, firm, association or cor
poration; to pay for the same In cash.
the stock of this company, bonds or
otherwise; to hold or in any manner
to dUpoHe of the whole or any part
of the property so purchased; to con
duct in any lawful manner the whole
or- any part of any business so ac
quired and to exercise all the powers
necessary' or convenient hv and about
the conduct and management of such
business. ,
To apply for, purchase. or In any
manner ro acquire, and to hold, own,
use and operate,' or to sell or in any
manner dispose of, and to grant license
or other rights in respect of, and in
any manner deal with, ' any and all
rights, inventions, improvements, and
processes used in connection with or
secured under letters patent or copy
rights Of the United States or other
countries, or otherwise; and to. work
operate or develop the same, and to
carry on any business, manufacturing
or otherwise, which may be deemed
to directly or indirectly effectuate
these objects or any of them.
To guarantee, purchase, hold, sell,
assign, transfer, mortgage, pledge, or
otherwise dispose of, the shares of the
capital stock of, or any bonds, securi
ties or evidences of Indebtedness is
sued or created by any other corpora
tion Ot corporations of this State or
any other State, conntry, nation or gov
eminent, and while owner of said
stork may exercise all the rights,
powers and privileges of ownership,
including the right to vote thereon, to
the same extent as natural persons
might or could do.
To enter into, make and perforin
contracts of every kind with any per
son, firm, association, or corporation,
municipality, body politic, county, ter
ritory. State, Government, or Colony
or dependency thereof, and . without
limit as to amount
int tn rinw nmkp ap.
ceoL endorse, discount, execute and
! issue promissory notes, drafts, bills cf
I exchange, warrants, bonds, debentures,
and other negotiable or transferable
instruments and evidences of indebt-
euness, wueiber secureu by mortgage j subject to this reservation. I
w OtUciMiae, o lar aa may ue pel- u 18 lue Mieuuou iliat lue tibjecia,
uanvea uy tuts mob oi we stale oi puipoaes aim powers specineu in lue
xeiavtare. I miru paragrapn shail, except wuere
lo have oraces, conduct its busi-loinerwise speciued in said paragiapn,
ness anrt nromote IU objects witniu ue now ise limited or reminded by re
and wiuki llie Slate oi Lteiaware, m 1 lereuce to or inierenee lroia tiie terms
umer buues, the inslrict oi Lotumuia, ol any oluer clause or paragrapu m
uie territories anu loAniies oi me nid Ceijviucaie oi lncurpoiauou, Dul
united States, and in foreign couu- Uuai me object, purposes and powers
tries, auoul restriction as to place speciUed m the third paragraph anu ,
or amount. iu eacu oi ttie clauses or paragraphs!
l u purchase, hold, cancel, and re-1
un owners.
, ULA.KAL to .-arrv on nv nihil
uusiness in connection tnerewuu. vi.e
er uiauuiaciunus or ouierwiae. noi
eiaware a WW ail tue uo ..
teireU uuuu coruoralious ov me iaN
ol ouile oi ieiiiaie
.
, . '
uu"""'-a """ coi-
'"uu 1S wl",uu ar
. one uiu.i.n
i v..ue ot
u7hti , , .
,he u,uu" wl ta"lil1 8toc'1
,lt U1 commence ousiness is
'TZ"!"
" """" i
"l vuc AW"ttI
' '
lti' lue names and places ot
reuence oi each oi ine original suu-
scrioera to uie capital siocn are as
iu"s:
Name
u- uca
vv-
Residence.
V HuilUglOU, vela.
W Umiugtuu, iseia.
-, limiUBcon, L-em.
tny
Si.vln, the exisiaiice ot this cor-
poraton is to be perpetual.
savii.N-1'h. lne private property
ot lne stocKooioers snail not be suo-
ec, l0 lue uayilieu. D. .oruora.e ueoL
to any extent uuatever.
jiuxiiii, the uiiettprs shall hae
poer to uia&e anu to aiter'or auieim
the uy-cjiw.H, o nx toe amount to ue
reserved, and to autuorue and cause
to be executed, mortgages and liens,
witnoui limit as to me amount, upon
the property and. trancnises ot tuis
Corporation.
The Directors may, by resolution
passed by a niajniy of the whole
lioard, designate two or more of their
number to constitute anfl Executive
committee, who to tne extent proviueu
in said resolution or in the liy-Las
of said Company, shail nave and exer
cise tue powers ot the Board oi Direc
tors iu the management of the busi
ness and affairs ot the company, and
may have power to. auttiorize the seal
of the Company to be e.l.sed to ail
papers wmch may reijuiro it.
The Directors may, by a vote of tne
siocKholder6,ihue,;plf d into one,. two
or three classes; the term of oliice ot
the first, class to expire at tne annual
meeting next ensuing; of the second
class one year tnereafter; of the third
class, two years tnereafter; and at
each annual election held after such
classification and election. Directors
shall be chosen for a full term, as the
case may be, to succeed those whose
terms expire.
With the consent in writing, and
pursuant to an affirmative vote of the
holders of a majority of the capital
stock issued and outstanding, the
Directors shall have authority to dis
pose, in any manner, of the whOle
property of this Corporation.
The By-Laws shall determine whe
ther and to what extent the accounts
and books of this Corporation, or any
of them, shall be open to the Inspec
tion of the stockholders; and no stock
bolder shall have any right of inspect
ing any account, or book or document
of this Corporation, except as con
ferred by law or the By-Laws, or by
resolution of the stockholders or Direc
tors. The stockholders and Directors shall
have power to hold their meetings and
keep the books, documents and papers
of the Corporation outside of the
State of Delaware, at such places as
may be from time to time designated
by the By-Laws, except as otherwise
required by the laws'of Delaware.
This corporation reserves the right
to amend, alter, change or repeal any
DrovisiOn contained in this Certificate
of Incorporation, in the manner now
.or hereafter prescribed by the Statutes
of the State of Delaware, and all
rights conferred on officer?. Directors
and stockholders herein are granted
ot tins cuarter shall De regarded as in-1
out me state oi oeiaare, auu in pur
uaute o an Act o tne Legislature
01 lne Siale ot iaare, enuued "An
' -o v..... v-..-. ,
ui- tapproved warcn lutu. ioa.
and me acts amenuatOiy thereoi anu
uppeiuenial thereto, do mane anu
Ule in,s -er"n-'aie anu declare tnoi
lue lacu herein stateu are uue, auu
e "e accoruuiKiy nereuiuo set ow
respecUve nands and seals Uiis urst
ay ot uecemoer. A. u. wis. .
K u
tieo. W. uillman (seal,
M. L. worty (seal)
State ot Delaware. )
, S8.
County of New CasUe )
ut; i v Kt.MUiBtKKU, that on thU
ttrst day of Uecemoer, A. D., 116, per-
'sonaliy appeared beiore me, the sub-
scriuer, a Notary fuouc in anu tor
ine state and c'ounty aioresaid. t: u.
uuik. lieo. t. LiUiuan and -i. i. 1101
ty, parties to the loreom Ceiuucate
ot incorpoiation, Knuou to uie persuit
any to ue such, auu i nanug nrat maue
kiiowu to tneiu and to eacu oi tutu,
tue contents Oi said ceruueate, tut-
did eacn severally acitnovt ledge mat
they signed, sealed and denveieu the
same as tneir several voluntary act
and deed, and that me facta tuerein
slated were truity set lorth.
Ciivt,. under my nanu ana seal ui
omce tue day ana year aiuieoa.u.
JA.Mr.S H. htlini-S, jr..
Notary t uuue.
James 11. Hughes, Jr., Notary
Public, Appointed, .September lath,
1916, for 2 Years tor the State ot
Delaware.
STATE OF DELAWARE
Office of Secretary of State. -I
GEO. II. HALL. Secretary of Suite
of the State of Delaware, aO herecy
afrtity that tne above and foregoing
is a true and correct copy of Certiu
cate of Incorporation of the "GADS
DEN COPPER COMPANY", as re
ceived and filed in this oflice,the sec
ond day of December, A. D. 1916, at
9 o'clock. A. M.
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF. I have
aoreuuto sot lay haud aiid Ouicial
at Dover, this second day of Decem
ber invtveyQ(r.of,our Lord one thou
sand iyne hundred and sixteen.
GEO. II. HALL.
(Seal) Secretary of State.
State of Delaware, )
) ss.
New Castle County )
Recorded in the Office for the Kcc
ordins of Deeds, &c. at Wilmington,
in and for the County aforesaid, in
Corporation Record 2, Volume 7, page
101. &c. the 4th day of December,
A. D. 1916.
WITNESS my hand and the Seal of
said Oflice the day and year last
aforesaid.
A. V. L. GEORGE.
(Seal) Recorder.
Stomach Troubles.
If you have trouble with your stom
ach juu should try Chamberlain's
Tablets. So many have been restored
to health by the use of those tablet-!
and their cost is so littlu, 25 cents, thai
it is worth while to give them a triai.
(Advertisement)
FOR
CARPENTER.
CALL TEL. 506.
f
ii' tOlGIlS ANI (OUli
ITT ;?
V
i y-'i .19 l-fil Ci
j
fc -4ti r-l.
solo ur all leadino dkicgist
Vji'i '::! : I'.n'l!1!:: i rSW M
'i
-AEUT
vOii 6LAD "VOU
T 6tOt?iOi)S .'
..Lodge
WEEK ENDING JANUARY 20.
Monday
Tiipsflev-
Wednesday
Thursday Conid. Reg.
Friday Third Degree.
Soturflay
N. C. BLEDSOE, W. M.
B. T. W ATKINS, Secy. F. & A. M.
A. M. COLWELL, E. H. P.
C. F. PHILBROOK. T. 1. M.
J. E. FRY. E. C.
F. S. DAVENPORT. Secy. Chapter &
Commandery.
W. R.. BANKS, Secy. Council.
1
tteuuti uieeiuiB ursi axia mil
'rlday of each month Visiting brotli
era cordially invited to attend
HAKl.EsS S BKAR Exalted Ruler
R B. COOVER Secretary
B'SBEE LODGE NO. 10, I. O. O f
Meet ever)
evening at
(lS Odd Fellow
Hall. Main street at 7:00 p. in. Visit
ing brothers cordially invited to at
tend. Hall phone 119.
CARL V. NELSON, N. G.
i A PLl'NKKVl Secret.
.OVAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
jNiTEO STATES OF AMERICA
OREADNO,"iHT
L. O. L. 'a
its in' 1 6
sj. F. Hall e
ond and foun
Saturday a,1
7:30 p. m VI.
t ig Bmiiier
cordially iti
vited to attend
GEO. SLEE
MAX, W. M.
ROB'T FERGUS. Secy, Box 42
Bisbee.
ORDER UNITED
AMERICAN M.ECHAIMiCt
Meet in , Medigcyte
'an. s'ecoe'd'and fourth
leno'ays sach month
isitint Profilers we!
nme
HOMER a TREES
Councilor
W A. CUNNING HA
Record inn S
IN THE DISTRICT COURT OF THE
UNITED STATES FOR THE DIS
TRICT OF ARIZONA.
In The Matter of A. Detloff. Bank
rupt IN BANKRUPTCY
To the creditors of A. Detloff, oi
Douglas, in the County of Cochise and
District aforesaid, a Bankrupt
Notice is hereby given that on the
6th day Of January, A. D. 1917, the
said A. Detloff was duly adjudicated a
bankrupt; and that the first meeting
of creditors will be held at my office
in Tombstone, Cochise County, Ari
zona, on the first day of February, A
D. 1917, at one o'clock in the afver
noon, at which time the said creditors
may attend, prove their claims, ap
point a trustee, examine the bankrupt
and transact such Other business a.
uiay properly conic before said meet
ing. W. G. GILMORE,
Referee in Bankruptcy.
KALOMITE
Kalomite is another labor-saving prep
aration for the housewife. The result
of years of experimenting has banish
ed forever wash-dry drudgery. Simply
soak the soiled clothes and it make?
them spotlessly clean in a really aston
ishing manner without aiy rubbing.
This produ'-t is absolutely harmless to
the hands and clothes and will not in
, jure the most, delicate silks, laces,
woolens, etc. Kalomite Is not sold in
stores, it is handled by Manufacturer's
Agents and is sold under a positive
guarantee. 15c to General Supply Co..
205 Hollingswortii I'.liig.. Los Angeles,
will bring to you. by mail, prepaid,
enough for three washings.
t ' mmmm
4W0
r viiiiiiiiiiiMiiiiilniiiii
Notices...
KNIGHTS OF PVTHIA8.
uitibece Lodge No i
Knights of Pythl-
meet each Thuredai
(except second) In Odd
FeUowa Hall at. 7:34
p m Visiting brothwi
o-dially Invited
ENOCHS, C. C '
K.RIGBAUM K or a
1. F. &
FRTEONs-L
BOTIIERHO. 4
Bisbee Lodge No
452 meets the i
and 3rd Monday
of each mouth
7:30 at Odd F
lows" Hall
ik members lordlaily Invitm
H. L FENNER, President
WRS C. E F1NOTTI I
Hot 722 Tel 236. Red
I HER1 t r ALrlt . v
BISBEE LODGE NO, it
i1
Meets tier) n.i. .
KtiiK ln bw - in
J V PETTI- '
KAY ROSS r.. h
r O. E
if"-! Bisbee Avn i
5a cSL .p:"n" Ai
ana tuira oionaay
8 p. m.. Eagle HalL
Visitors cordially welcome.
RICHARD DAVIS, President
M ( COHEN. erie PuyoleUn
KNIGHTS ANO LADIES
OF SECURITY.
Bisbee Council No. 2115 meeu it
Medlgovich Hall every second n
Fourth Thursdays at 7:30 p. m
FREDERICK J. ATTAWAY, Pres.
E. LINDQUIST, Fin. Box 3246, Lowel
INEZ McKINNEY, Box 3455, LowoU
tfVOOp.Wiai -CIRC :..
let" i.- In Med
- Fridays of each month 304
ELLEN FOLLEY. Guardian
PAULINE F. BROWN, Clerk,
P. O. Box 621
Advertisement
ouern Woodmen of America
. Bisbee Camp No
13415. Meet first Tue
day at Odd Fellowf
HalL
R. L. MOTZ.
COcsul
H. F. MATHEWSON.
Clerk
"YTMlAN SISTERS.
Uly Temple No. 3, meet every 2n
j .od 4th Thursday evenina of c acf
month at Odd Fell-ws' Hall Viniiint
-If.ers are cordially Invited l-
OUVE BAILEY, 54. E
HONORA MUNCH. M. of R. C.
VOCOMEN OF THE V)RLt
1r nesday at 7-?P Prorhy
w
v
T M
J.
m)
. SiN. a
vo HalL ,
K. E. JAt Oi :i J
O. B. THOMAS, Clti
i. a r. m.
Meets first and thlro
Thursdays at 7:30 p. m.
In Medlgovich HaU All
visiting Red Men Invited
-o attend.
JOHN KELLY. Sachem.
W. D. COHEN. diclne Man.
F. C. FENDERSOrt, ?. of R.
ORDER OF EASTERN STAR
Pearl Chapter No I
meets In Masonic Hall
second and fourth Tue
day of each month at 7:3i
p. m.
MRS. ANNA C. RICHARDS.
Worthy Matroa
"one 230 P. O. Box 841. Bisbee.
.IRS. JESSE BEVAN. Sec'y. P. O. Box
299. Chairman Relief Com Phon '
By C A. Voight
MM THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY MORNING, JANUARY 17, 1917.
Ml
S
"THE COWPUNCHER"
"The Cow puncher", a superb film,
depicting tjpical western American
with Indians, cowboys, fuwpirl
and plainsmen in the principal roles,
will appear Mil v. riin,: ui the Lowell
theatre. This r.atlir.; appeared last
night at the Orpheum unj attracted a
Rood crowd, all of whom declared it
to be entirely worth while. "The Cow
puncher" will only be in Lowell one
nisht.
Wednesday-Thursday J
v - mm -a i "
January
MATINEE THURSDAY AT 1 P. M. NIGHTS AT 8 O'Clock. -5C
is
The World's Greatest Show
DIRECT FROM A RECORD RUN OF TEN WEEKS AT THE AUDITORIUM, LOS ANGELES. WITH
ALL ITS WONDERFUL STAGE EFFECTS SYMPHONY ORCHESTRA OF 20.
Morrow Chiropodist removes corns,
bunions, ingrowing nails without pain.
Instant relief, office 2 doors from city
park, Brewery Gulch. Adv. 234.
EIGHT
I
See the Pomp and
Beauty of Baby
lon, the Magnifi
cent and the
Mighty Pathos of
its Downfall.
See the World's
Greatest Painters
come to life and
move and have
their being before
your eyes.
Absolutely Mr. Griffith's Only Production Since "The Birth of a Nation"
The Perfect Love of the Boy and the Dear On e Midst the Pitfalls of a Great American City. m
i
The Feast of Belshazzar, the Greatest in all History; the Thrilling Race of Train and Auto
mobile with Death; Paris the Beautiful under the Scourge of Catherine De Medici, the Arch
Plotter and Real Ruler of France. - - - - - -. . -
The Betrayal of Belshazzar and the Eye-Staggering Combats on the Walls of Babylon.
FOUR WONDER STORIES IN ONE SWEEPING GLANCE
THRILLS! MYSTERY! ROMANCE! ADVENTURE!
PRICES
NIGHTS: LOWER FLOOR, $1.50 and $2.00. BALCONY, 75c AND $1.00. GALLERY 50 CENTS.
MATINEE: LOWER FLOOR, 75 CENTS AND $1.00. BALCONY. 50 CENTS. GALLERY, 25 CENTS.
RESERVED SEATS ON SALE ALL DAY TODAY FOR EVERY r PERFORMANCE ' " "
tm
J
THE HOME OF REAL REEL FEATURES
Continuous from 1 to 10
Jesse L. Lasky Presents the Noted Japanese Actor
SESSUE HAYAKAWA
In a Remarkable Screen Chracterization in
"The Honorab Is Friend
Sessue Hayakawa has introduced a new personality in
"The Honorable Friend". He contributes one of the
mo3t unusual characterizations ever witnessed by a.
photoplay public
ADMISSION - - - - 10 and 15 Cents
Tickets Issued on Coupons Accepted for Any
Performance.
FROM. EL PASO.
J. Fred Ryan, representing- Momsen,
Dunnegan and Ryan, of El Paso, ar-
j rived in Bisbee yesterday fi'om the
Pass City and will remain here sev
eral days on business connected with
his firm.
TWO SPEEDERS.
Two speeders were hailed before
City Judge Frank E. Thomas yester-
i day. One was a local physician and.
! inasmuch as he was on a sick call
j when he exceeded the speed limit, the
jfine was remitted. Alec Dearborn, Jr.,
however, was assessed the usual
I amount for letting too much gasoline
! into his carburator.
FINISHING ASSESSMENTS.
James Powell, deputy county and
city assessor, has just about compet
ed his county work in the lower part
of the District. He is now working
in Lowell and by the end of this week
will have completed his figures on that
town, on 1'pper Lowell. Jiggerville
and Johnson Addition. On Monday he
expects to start the work in Eisbee
and will he occupied here for several
week9. Powell states that many Im
provements are noticeable throughout
the Warren District and many of them
will be subject to taxation during the
coming year.
W. F. WHITE
Contractor and Builder, phone
Green 468. 21 O. K. Street Adv. 27
DANCE
Don't forget the dance at Miner's
Union Hall, Wednesday, January 17.
Given by Musicians' Club. Adv. 87
The class for young women in folk
1 dancing begins a new term of lessons
; tonight, at 7 o'clock. Term of 8 les
' sons: Y. W. ('. A. members J2.00:
I now members, $2.50. Adv. 77
FROM ST. LOUIS.
Ed Mitchell, representative in this
region of the country for Meyer Bro
thers company, of St. Louis, one of
the largest drug houses In the United
States, was' a business visitor here
yesterday. Mitchell is well kn'jwn
over the state of Arizona, having trav
eled through the state for many years.
HOMESEEKERS
$500 buys good cow or goat ranch
location. House, well, CO acres pat
ented land. Adjoining country sub
ject to new 640 acre homestead en
tries. P. O. box 524, Tombstone.
Arizona. Adv. 44
; BLALOCK RECOVERING.
I Tom Illalock, a local miner, is re-
ported to be recovering from an at
tack of pneumonia from which he has
been suffering for the last three weeks.
BlafJck has been critically ill and on
several occasions his life was de
spaired of. He is one of the few, af
flicted with pneumonia, who has re
covered during the last couple of
. months.
Centra
Theatre
Tonight Only.
Commencing 5:30 P. M.
Tonight Only
THE SUPREME FILM COMPANY PRESENTS
i
The Cowpuncher
THE BIG NOISE OF FILMDOM
Every part of this great picture depicting that wonderful
life on the free and open plains of the Great West is
American. Its histronic value cannot be overestimated.
THE COSTLIEST PROGRAM EVER ASSEMBLED
AT POPULAR PRICES.
ADMISSION -
1C and 15 Cents.
Tickets Issued on
Coupons Accepted for Any
Performance.
FIXING NEW STORE.
No longer is there such a thing as
"The Office" in liisbee. Long has the
little store room, owned by Tony
Downs, Dad Walsh and Scott Whalley.
been used as a saloon. When the
saloons went out of commission on
January 1. 1915. the place was used
as a soft drink emporium for months
and remodeling began several days
ago by the removal of the bar fixtures.
It is understood that a firm, now hav
ing quarters on Naco Road, will move
to the new stand and open a furnish
ing goods store.
SANITARY DAIRY
Test for week ending January 13
Butter fat 5 per cent, bacteria
count 10,000. This Is the richest and
cleanest milk on the market today.
Remember my offer of the best milk
cow in the herd to anyone that can
prove I sell adulterated milk.
GEORGE KIRKLAXD, Prop.
Adv. 79
DANCE
Given by, the Dance Finance Com
mittee of the Twentieth Century Club.
Odd Fellows Hall." Saturday evening,
.In unary 20. Gentlemen $1.00, ladies
free. Music, Veale orchestra.
PAPER MAN IN.
E. A. Doran, traveling representa
tive of Hlake. Moflit and Towne. paper
people of San Francisco and Los
Angeles, was a visitor in Bisbee yes
terday. According to the paper sales
man there Is no chance for paper to
decline in price until after the war is
Over. It might be, remarked that at
present print paper is nearly worth
its weight in gold.
Tailor made suits, satisfaction or
' money refunded. Millard & Bateraan.
Leading Tailors. Allen Block.
Advertisement.
PLAYED BALL HERE.
Tom Marks, present iindersheriff of
Yavapai county and in Ilisbee niaVimr
some investigations, was considerably
shocked when he saw the growth .f
the city and the Warren District.
Twenty five years aco Marks was a
telesrraph operator at Willcox and,
with a team, played baseball in this
city. Several of the old time ball
players remember him well, lie has
been a resident of Yavapai county for
many years and now makes his homo
i iu l'rcscoit.
CRAZY MAN TAKEN.
H. C. Herget. who has been work
ing at one of the local restaurants for
the last thirty years, was arrested
Sunday afternoon by Officer L. H. Rice
at his rooming house. 1 large t had
been acting queerly both at his retain
ing house and at his work. Yester
day a local physician examined him
and pronounced, him unbalanced. The
officers wired his mother, a resident
of Sacramento, California, regarding
the man, but nothing has been heard
so far. It is probable he will be taken
to Tombstone and committed t the
state asylum at Thoeniv.
Ride on the American Stage Line.
Bisbee to Douglas. Phone 366.
Dr. Playfair. Osteopath, 98 Mason
Hill, Mason Hill car stop.
(Advertisement!
PINCHED FOR BOOTLEGGING.
Three Lowell people have been tak
en into the sheriff's net during the last
two days on charges of selling intoxi
cating liquors which is contrary to the
statutes. Emil Xikoloski, who, with
several other men, is a resident of
the Beer Garden, in Johnson Addition
put up $1,000 for his appearance in
the superior court. Hardy Johnson,
another Lowell man, put up $500 in
cah for his appearance, and Mrs. Ed
ward Barton was looking for bond yes
terday morning. All of the arrests are
due to bench warrants from the su
perior court and emanated from spe
cial evidence secured by the sheriff's
office.
Bargain Booth Clean-up
Sale Children's Hats
MOTHERS! Here's your opportunity a Clean-Up
Sale on Children's Hats. Sizes suitable for little boys of
2 years up to girls of 1 5. Corduroys, plushes, velvets
and felts in black, white and colors good selection, but
come early.
Hats formerly up Hats formerly op
to $1.50 for to $3.50 for
50c $1
-
L
Wanted, plain and fancy dressmak
ing, room 11, Hughes Block. Adv. 392
NEW CARDS POSTED.
City Marshall James Allison has
! caused to be posted in all of the soft
drink establishments on Brewery
Culrh and in other Darts of the citv
cards warning the patrons that the .
drinking of liquors there is an offence.
"Drinkinc intoxicants on these pre
mises is a violation of Ordinance 2111"
is the printing on the card. Alreadv
there has been a marked decrease in
the number of drunks on the streets
and in the amount of liquor consumed
by people along the streets. Vndoubt-
edly the posting of signs and the vigil
ance of the police department will re
duce the evil to a minimum.
HERE FROM TOMBSTONE.
Mrs. Owen E. Murphy, of Tomb
stone, arrived in Bisbee yesterday
and will remain in the city a day or
two visiting friends.
A REMINDER
How long since you. sent a photo
of your self to your folks at home?
Dix Studio, Jakob Schmid Building,
Brewery Gulch. Adv. 309
WANTED MAN TAKEN.
A Slavonian, who was wanted dur
ing the summer on the charge of boot
legging and who attained considerable
prominence through his part in the
now-famous picketing of the English
Kitchen on Main street, was picked up
by Officer W. C. Sheppard Monday
evening. The man will be given a
hearing before Judge High and. un
doubtedly, bound over to the superior
court on the charge against him.
PORTRAiTS THAT PLEASE
Irwin Studio. Main Street. 857
Advertisement
PEACE
of mind and health of body ran be ob
tained by visiting the dentist regular
ly. Dr. Teufert. Maze Bldg.. Sanitary
Dental office. Advertisement. 363
THEY WERE IN NACO.
Frank Walsh. Ed Hankins: and Ed
ward Hampston. all of Brewery Gulch,
were visitors in Nart, Arizona, and
Naco, Sonora. yesterday afternoon.
They report that the San Jose moun
tains are still "snowy", whatever
that is.
BURGLARY REPORTED.
while Stanlev Walton, a conductor
on the . Warren-Bisbee Railway, and
Mrs. Walton were at a picture show
last evening, between 9 and 10 o'clock.
a thief, or thieves, entered their home.
located to the rear of the Bailey
House on Brewery Gulch, and stole
jewelry tt the value of about $350.
When Walton and Mrs. Walton left
their borne they noticed two men
standing near their steps. The men
followed them until they went Into the
theatre. When the Waltons returned
they found their lights burning and
the house thoroughly ransacked. The
principal loot consisted of a lady's
watch, a diamond and opal brJoch, and
several rings. Entrance was effected
by forcing a lock on the front door of
the bouse.
RAIT IS PRESIDENT
OF COUNTRY CLUB
Annual Meeting Is Held by
Members and Officials for
Year Are Chosen.
A car every hour, Bisbee to Doug
las. Good cars and careful drivers.
American Stage Line. Phone 366.
Advertisement
Expert repairing on fine watches
nd jewelry; diamond setting, engrav
ing and general repairing. Minton,
the postoffice jeweler, Lowell.
Advertisement. 343
LEAVES FOR EL PASO.
Walter Holm, financial agent for the
Bisbee-Ajo Copper Mining and Devel
opment company, was a passenger
last evening for El Paso, where he
will remain several weeks in the in
terests of the A JO property. After
romnletinz his work in El Paso he ex
pects to go farther east and in the
same line of business.
BODY SENT TO COAST.
Amid a large congregation of friends
the last rites, to be said in Bisbee,
were pronounced over the body of
Matt Wartenberg last evening at the
Elks Home by the Bisbee lodge 'oi
that order. The beautiful service of
the order was handled by the officers
of the lodge. Later the body was
taken to the Southwestern depot and
left for the coast, where it will be
interred.
Following a very enjoyable golf
dinner the members of the Warren
District Country Club held their reg
ular annual meeting at the club
house, last night.
Directors elected to serve the com
ing year were: D. M. Rait. H. M.
Ziesemer. E. E. Whiteley. H. M. Gal
lagher, E W. Beddow, T. O. McGrath,
P. M. Buckwalter, C. T. Knapp and
I. F. Burgess.
The newly elected directors imme
diately met and elected D. M. Rait,
president: H. M. Gallagher, vice-president,
and I. F. Burgess, secretary
treasurer. The following chairmen were also
elected: E. W. Beddow, chairman
house committee; R. A. Ziesemer.
chairman greens committee; Henry
Poppen, chairman tennis and sports
and pastimes: P. M. Buckwalter,
chairman auditing committee; F. L.
Williams, chairman entertainment
committee, and E. E. Whiteley, chair
man membership committee.
KNIGHTS TEMPLAR ATTENTION
The Grand Commander will make
his official visit Wednesday evening.
7:30. Red Cross will be conferred with
banquet. All Sir Knights are request
ed to make a special effort to be pres
ent, as the Grand Commander wishes
to meet all of the members of Bis
bee Comniandery. Visiting Sir Knights
cordially invited to be present.
F. S. DAVENPORT, . J. C. E. FRY,
Rec. - E. C.
Adv. 3S
ORIGINAL BISB EE-TOMBSTONE
STAGE LINE.
The original Tombstone stage leaves
daily at 7 a. m. and 1:30 p. m. from
Cochise Motor Co. Fhone 444. Leaves
punctually on time daily. 939
(Advertisement)
ENGINE RUNS AMUCK.
A switch engine of the Southwestern
yesterday morning about 8 o'clock.
created considerable consternation and
n'jt a little damage in the neighbor
hood of Tpper Main street, when it
cot to the end of tho track at that
point and. instead of stopping, ran
into the rear the building occupied
by John Davais, the plumber. One of
the employes of the plumbing shop
had been in the rear room Vf the
establishment but a few minutes be
fore the engine, uncerimoniously, en
tered. No one was hurt by the accident.
Soon Over His Cold.
FvervSne FDeaks well of Chamber
lain's Cough Remedy after having used
it Mrs. George Lewis. Fittsneid.
Y has this to say regarding it:
Ij.st winter mv little boy. five years
old. was sick with a cold for two or
three weeks. I doctored him and used
various ranch medicines but nothing
did him much good until I began using
Chamberlain's Cough Remedy. He
then Improved rapidly and in a few
days was over his rtld." .
(Advertisement)
TELEPHONE CHIEF HERE.
E. O. Wilson, supervisor of toll
lines throughout eight states for the
Mountain States Telephone and Tel
egraph company, visited Bisbee last
night as the guest of George E. Kel
logg, local manager for the same com
pany. Wilson says the company is
constructing thousands of miles of
new lines in Arizona, and that the
increase in business is enormous. Bis
bee in particular he says, hss devel
oped a great volume of new business
during the last year.
O. K. RESTAURANT
First class service. Regular din
ner SSc. We put up buckets for min
ers Try our special miners lunch.
Satisfaction guaranteed. Everything
new and clean. Open all night. Give
us a trial. Advertisement.
PLANS MINSTREL SHOW.
The social committee of the Y. M.
C. A. will meet in the lounge Friday
night at 8:30 to make plans for a
minstrel show. All "Y" members are
invited.
MARTYR LEADS.
Gene Martyr led last night bowl
ing at the Y. M. C. A. for the honor
of representing Bisbee against Doug
las with other teammates, in the last
match for the Douglas trophy.
MEXICAN ARCHBISHOP
ARRESTED BY CARRANZA
MEXICO CITY, Jan. 16. News has
been received here of the arrest of
Zacntecas of Archbishop Oroxco y
Jimenez, of Guadaljara and Bishop
Miguel de la Mora of Zacatecas. They
are charged with agitating against
the government.
Prefers Chamberlain's.
"In the course of a conversation with
Chamberlain Medicine Co.'s repre
sentative tvxlay, we had occasion to
discuss in a general way the merits
of their different preparations. At his
suggestion I take pleasure in express
ing my estimation of Chamberlain's
Cough Remedy. I have a family of
six children and have used this remedy
in my home for year. I consider it
the only couch remedy on the market,
as 1 have tried nearly all kinds." Earl
C. Ross. Publisher Hamilton County
Republican-News, Syracuse. Kan.
(Advertisement)