MARKETS.
-Of!
WEATHER.
tew
TO
NEW YORK CITY
Average price of cop
per for week ending
Feb. 7. 30.5.
Arizona:
Monday fair; not much
change in temperatui.
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service.
VOL 19. NO. 214.
BISBEE, ARIZONA, TUESDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 13, 1917.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
men
PARLE! WEB
SITUATION IS
REFUSED BY
WASHINGTON
United States Flatly Turns
Down German's Proposal
That Situation be Discussed
Before Further Action.
SUGGESTION REGARDED
UTTERLY INSINCERE
President Must Decide Wheth
er or Not American Mer
chant Ships Shall Be Equip
ped With Navy Guns.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
WASHINGTON. Feb. 12. The Un
ited State has flatly rejected Ger
many's offer to discuss difficulties be
tween the two nations while the ruth
less submarine campaign is in prog
ress. In a note today to the Swiss minis
tor, who on Saturday presented orally
the German proposal, the United
States government refused to discuss
the negotiations pending the submar
ine campaign, unless the German gov
ernment renews its assurances of the
fourth of May (the Sussex note) and
arts upon the assurances.
The state department made public
the secretary's reply, together with a
memorandum, which on Mr. Lajising's .
suggestion. Dr. Ritter, tne Sw'iss min-1
ister, had prepared last night setting ;
down in writing the suggestion origi
nally transmitted orally. Previously
officials had declined to confirm the
announcement by The Associated
Fress Saturday afternoon that such
a proposal had been delivered by Dr.
Ritter.
In view of the fact that the United
States' has taken the most vigorous
course possible short of war to de
nounce the ruthless submarine war
tare, officials of the government re
gard the German proposal to nego
tiate while the campaign is in prog
ress as utterly insincere. From the
first the government has looked upon
and resented it as a piece of propagan
da designed to becloud the Issue and
put the United States into a false po
sition of belligerency.
The question of whether nay guns
shall be provided for American ship
owners desiring to arm their vessels
for defense against submarines has
been submitted to President Wilson
by the state and navy departments.
It is understood that the state depart
ment, the government's spokesman
on international problems, has recom
mended that the guns be provided.
There is said to be no authority un
der which the navy department can
actually supply the guns, though there
are precedents for the loaning of wea
pons under bond for their return. Un
der existing law only condemned guns
and stores can be sold by the navy.
II. S. TO KNOW WHY FOOD PRICES
JUMPED 10 10 1 PER CT. IH 1916
(By Review Leased Wire) .commission, possessing inquisitorial
WASHINGTON. Feb. 12. Approval functions, will take up the burdens of
for a $400,000 at.Dronriation will be ' the investigation.
:.sk. d of President Wilson by tbe fed
eral trade commission and the depart
ment of agriculture for the food price
investigation they are about to start
at his direction and the inquiry will
be begun as soon as the money is : to every detail of food production, dis
available and a plan ol organization tribution and consumption. A new
is worked out. It will go deeply in division will be established, the sole
charges of price manipulations and , duty of which will be to fix the re-
restraints of trade in violations of the
anti-trust laws.
At least six months will be requir
ed, it was said today, before any sort
of report can be made and a year is
the estimate of tbe period necessary
for a complete Inquiry into the under
lying causes of advancing food costs.
Already the department of agricul
ture has gathered a mass of detail
concerning production, distribution
end consumption of foodstuffs. Here
its powers have ended and the trade
Mexico Threatens
Embargo If Peace
Plan Turned Down
(lly Review Leased Wire).
WASHINGTON. Feb. 12 Revolution-swept
Mexico's de facto
government entered the lists as
an international peacemaker to
day with an identical note to all
neutrals requesting a joint effort
to end the European war to be
followed in the event of failure
by cutting off of all exports of
munitions and supplies to bel
ligerents. . The communication was receiv
ed here with expressions of ming
led amusement and gravity in of
ficial quarters. There has been
no decision tonight as to the
American government's response,
but the prevailing opinion was
that Secretary Lansing would re
ply promptly and briefly, refer
ring to the futile effort of Vresi-"
dent Wilson to bring about peace,
and pointing out' that under ex
isting conditions an embargo on
exports would be a breach of
neutrality. Among entente diplo
mats Carranza's action was de
nounced as another evidence of
German influence in Mexi and
as a further effort to becloud the
issue and embarrass the United
States in the situation resulting
from Germany's new submarine
campaign. ,
BRITISH SINK THEM
WITHOUT WARNING
- SAYS GERMAN PAPER
(By Review Leased Wire.)
BERLIN. Feb. 12. (by wireless to
Sayville) "Torpedoed Without Wain
Ing." Under this headline the Nord
Deutsche Zeitung Is quoted by the
Overseas News Agency as saying:
"When the English government in
the fourth month of the war, that is,
November 3, 1914, declared the whole
North Sea a military area and thus
put into pratt(.e an absolutely new
zone it then expressly warned all
neutral ships 'merchantmen of all
kinds, merchantmen from all districts,
fishing vessels and other ships' i
against entering the prescribed zone, !
as they would be exposed to great
danger from English mines, and Eng
lish men of war.
"The German declaration with re
spect to the barred zone on February
1. 1917, which followed the English
declaration, announced exactly the
same thing and pointed out that neu
tral ships entering this zone would
do so at their own risk, exactly as al
ready had been set forth in a letter
by a British minister to a Dutch min
ister vessels may do so at theid own
risk."
The newspaper declares: ;
"The German sea forces have never
torpedoed without warning since the
sinking of all ships without previous
particular warning occurred in a war
district, which had been declared as
dangerous." and adds, "the same can
not be said of England, since British
submarines have repeatedly attacked
and sunk steamers by torpedoes out
side the sea war district and without
warning."
The paper then gives the list of
vessels alleged to have been sunk by
the British, as given out by the Ger
man secretary of foreign affairs. Dr.
Zimmerman, early last December and
some alleged to have been sunk un
der similar conditions in the Mediter
ranean. The trade commission's aim will be
to cover every side of the food situa
tion. Its observations will include
the work of the farmer, the packer,
the commission dealer, the wholesaler
and the retailer. Experts will go in-
sponsibility for high prices.
Tables prepared within the last
few days bearing on food prices for
1916 show that during the year there
was a general advance in prices of
from ten to 100 percent. Some of the
staple articles and the amount of
their price increases are:
Sirloin 11 percent, ham 21 percent,
lard '29 percent, flour 11 percent, eggs
18 percent, butter 14 percent, potatoes
100 percent, sugar 25 percent, milk
4 percent.
I
BELGIANS FORGED TO W ON
GERM FRONT,
(fly Review Leased Wire)
HAVRE. France Feb. 12. The Ret-
gian government says ii has learned
that laborers at Urnges are being ar-
rested in the streets by Germans arid
immediately sent to the German front
along the Yst-r, where ih.y an- forced
r. do military work, such as putting
up barbed wire fences and digging
trenches.
It is asst rted that Tf. per cent of
the men who were compelled to pre -
sent themselves to the military au-1 tivation and all complaints remain un
thorities have been taken for work, heeded. Children of less than 15
These men are between the ages of ! years also are taken.
15 and 45. They leave their homes : At Leflinghe a youth of 16 was the
Monday and return Saturday. On
'' , me uecareu
to be greatly dt pressed because of in -
sufficient nourishment which cons sts
of a quaner of a loaf W war bread in
the morn.ng and fru.t soup made of
Villa Band Encamped Within
Sight of Border Near Columbus
(By Review Leased Wire)
COLUMBUS. N. M.. Feb. 12. Thir -
tv two Villa followers ca tuned within
jcannon range of American territory to -
lilnv anil tnnifrht their ramn firec iro
! perceptible to American soldiers pa
ti'jlling the border line gate below
here. The band is camped at I'alomas.
six miles south of the international
boundary.
The first Intimation of the presence
of the band was given to an American
hunting party by a Mexican cowboy
working on the ranch of the Palomas
Land and Cattle company, who warn
ed the party back.
The cowboy said he had just re
turned fi'Jm the vicinity of the I'alo
mas lakes to which the party was
bound, and saw a band of horsemen
headed in his direction. He spurred
his horse toward the frontier. He dis
cerned the figures of over thirty armed
and mounted Mexicans who had dis
mounted and camped near the lakes.
On the way to the border he met the
Reaffirmation of Old Treaties
Is the Suggestion of Germany
(By Review Leasee) Wire.)
WASHINGTON. Feb. 12. Germa
ny's proposal for a reaffirmation of
the old Prussian-American treaties of
1799 and 182S, with a list of added
clauses to modernize and extend pro
visions in relation to treatment of
enemy citizens in case of war, has
teen forwarded from Berlin to the
state department by Dr. Paul Ritter,
the Swiss minister.
This is the proposition that Ambas
sador Gerard refused to consider
when relations were broken..
The document, submitted in French
is being translated for the considera
tion of President Wilson and Secreta
ry Lansing. Officials familiar in a
general way with its nature said to
day it apparently was so different
from the original treaties that it vir
tually would constitute a new one.
and strong doubt was expressed that
the United States would enter into
negotiations.
Most important among the new pro
visions suggested uy Germany is nne
Count and Countess Bernstorff
Bid Farewell To Many Friends
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. Feb. 12. Count
and Countess von Bernstorff said fare
well today to a host of persona!
friends made during their ight years
residence in Washington. All day
there was a stream of calleis at the
embassy and late this afternoon a
number of intimate friends wepj en
tertained at tea. The former ambas
sador, his wife and the embassy staff
will leave Washington for Ntw York
CONSIDERATION OF
NAVAL BILL ENDED
i coming year agreed on in committee
(By Review Leased Wire.) I was PPved after various amend-
WASHINGTON. Feb. 12. Consid-1 nients to enlarge and curtail it had
eration of the annual naval bill, ap- I Dpen vo,td down. The section author
propriating $365,000,000 to continue j one battle cruiser, three battle
the building program and carrying ! ships, 18 submarines, and 20 vessels
various emergency provisions request : of thT types. Only one amendment
ed by the administration to meet the remained to be disposed of when the
international crisis, virtually was com house adjourned and it will be voted
pleted in the house today and the bill Ion at the start of tomorrow's session
will be brought to a nal vote tomfior- j It is a proposal for a $12.000.0t0 addi
row. ! tional appropriation to fit navy yards
Under a special rule an administra-1 for construction work.
LATEST REPORT
apples and prunes at noon. This is
said to be all the meji receive. !
; The Belgian government attinns
1 that, contrary to what the Germans '
say. Hie Germans are systemalicully
taking mn who are not idle. .
; The situation, the Relglan govern-!
ment says, is no better in rural dis-1
1 tricts where all the fcons of farmers'
are being taken away in masses every'
M'.mday morning. All farms of 73
' acres remain witnoul hands for cul-
eldest of his crew, which, was com-
poseo oi Doys oi n tnti io years oi
i age. All the children lived promis -
, cuously with the older workers, in the
, same sheds and suffering the same in-
, sufficiency 'of nourishment.
I American hunting party. i
1 Later the American military om-i
cials here received intelligence nt tim i
' presence of a strange armed party )
! at TNilnmau anil Immadtntnlw n - I
detachment of cavalry to reinforce the )
border patrol. About the same time !
a report came to the immigration of- J
ticials that thirty two armed and
mounted Mexicans had camped at
Palomas, together with information
that this band was probably the one
that yesterday occupied Twin Wind-!
mills. 26 miles south of the border '
Refugees arriving frtm the interior
late today said that Jose Inez Salazar'
occupied Ascension last Thursday and j
before his deDarture from Molinnft.
thirtv siv miloc nnrthwout ,,f a o..n.
slon, made a speech to the inhabitants
in which he is stated to have said:
"All of you who are true Mexicans
step forward three paces and those
who are friends tf tw Gringos stand
linn." Every listener advanced three
paces, it is said.
expanding the exemption from seizure
in case or war oetween tne two coun-
tries of "merchants and their efftcts"
of an exemption specifics'!' mention-
Ing enemy ships which ire in port at
the time of the outbreak o war and
which either must be left free in port
or given safe conduct to their own
ports, presumably in fac! of a block
ade conducted by hostile governments
Sections are also ulded forbidding
internment or restrictions upon the
liberty or freedom of movement of
enemy nationals, and reaffirming the
old provisions allowing merciinnts
nine months to close up their busi
nesses and depart, and .cuaranteelng
the inviolability of patents
Iu part, tbe spirit of ibe old treaty
the L'nited States already has nJher
ed to. official statements having been
issued at the president's decision de
claring that German warbound hhips
here would not be seized or used, ev
en in case of war. and that bank de
posits and other persons! propel ty of
Germans also woi'ld be immune.
late tomorrow night to sail for home
Wednesday on the Danish liner Fred
erick VIII.
All but last-minute packing has been
completed at tiie embassy and trunk.
are piled in the rooms. The tile
rooms, in which official papers are
kept, have been put in ordr and ev
erything is in readiness for the Sviss
minister, who has taken over Germa
ny's inteiests in this conntry, to !s
sume charge.
tion amendment giving authority to
take over private shipbuilding plants
::::
line of stress was adopted and the
struct ion authorization for the
Special Train To
Carry Fletcher To
Mexico City Post
Carranza to Provide Military
Convoy for United States
Ambassador; Every Pre
caution Will Be Taken.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
I A REDO. Tex.. Feb. 12.- A special
train to bear Ambassador Henry I.
Fletcher direct to Mexico City reach
ed Nuevo I -a redo todav bearing a com
mittMe of welcome. It was authorita
tively stated that every courtesy will
be shown the ambassador when he
crosses the Rio Grande into Mexico
upon his arrival here Wednesday.
Plans have been made to send a
military convoy train from Nuevo I.a
redo to Mexico City, preceding the
i special train carrving Ambassador
. L-i,r1B- !llwl , "r... , ,.nul
J A s lrajn Dearn reprnta.
(iv8 of , r,lief ralTaI12a and a
,, h ,vw, , N
Laredo. Activity of Felix Diaz follow
er between Monterey and Nuevo Iji
redo is given as the reason for the
j precautions.
PHILBROOK ELECTED
GRAND COMMANDER OF
ARIZONA TEMPLARS
(Special to The Review)
j PHOENIX. Ariz., Feb. 12. Charles
j E. l'hilbrook, of Risbee, was elected
I grand commander of the Arizona
t,ranu mmmanuery oi tne Knignts
Tpn,plar at ,np annl,aI session of that
body ne,d toda in ,ne Masonic hall.
He succeeded Harry T. Southworth.
of Frescott. who becomes the past
fraud commander. Mr. Philbrook,
'ho is one of the best known Masons
! in the southwest has heen for thp 1
j Past year deputy grand commander,
In addition to electing officers at the
two sessions today the grand com-
, mandry heard the replies of its va
' rious officers accepting ea.-h as they
j were presented. The reports of the
secretary and treasurer demonstrated
i that the body is in good condition fi
! nancially. 1
! The grand commandery deviated
j from the usual custom of advancing
each officer of the step dropping one
official several grades and elevating
Epes Randolph, of Tucson, from grand
warden to grand senior warden.
Following are the officers elected
, today. Chans F. philbrook, Bisbee.
r.ranrt mmmnuiw- Arthur r. w..rif
Phoenix, deputy grand commander:
William Allen, Tucson, grand general
issimn; Louis G. Moyer, Globe, grand
captain general; Epes Randolph, Tuc
son, grand senior warden; Frank S.
Baldwin, Tempe, grand junior war
den; Frederick G. Brtcht, Prescott,
grand treasurer; George. J. Roskruge,
Tucson, grand secretary; Rev. James
j R. Jenkins, grand prelate; Frank G
Brown, Prescott, grand standard bear
er; Geoige A. Bridge, Bisbee, grand
sword bearer; Arioch Went worth.
Tombstone, grand warden; Frank E.
Bennett, Bisbee, captain of the guard.
George A. Bridge of Bisbee, who
was grand junior warden, dropped to
grand sword bearer, while Arioch
Wentworth and Frank E. Bennett are
the new members of the officers' list.
AMERICA WILL STOP
RELIEF WORK ABROAD
(By Review leased Wire.)
LONDON, Feb. 12. The American j
commission for relief in Belgium has !
not i tied the German authorities that I
the Americans will withdraw from
participation in the relief work in
Belgium and northern France.
Tbis step was taken in reply to an
order from the l.ennan authorities
that Americans must withdraw from
the provinces of Belgium and north-
ern France, leaving only a few of t '"' 'th refusal. Leon Watson, ajriuuen rapiuiy ioaru mi-"" -their
representatives, beaded by Brand colored trc'jper belonging to the Tenth , tion. nearly three miles wesL He wa
Whitlock. American minister to Bel- cavalry. Saturday afternoon attempt- j raptured near that place and alter
gium. in Brussels. led to kill Mrs. Henry Meyers, wife of , being identified by Mrs. Meyers waa
ia well-known rancher at Moore's Spur, j turned over to Col. El wood W. Evans,
AEROPLANE BUILDERS AT
CALL OF GOVERNMENT
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. Feb. 12. Promis-
es of cooperation with the govern-j
ment in its effort to develop Zeppelin ,
type aircraft for the army and navy
were made by leading American air-i
planes and rubber manufacturers at
a conference here with Rear Admiral
David W. Taylor, chief constructor of i
the navy, and head of the joint army- I
navy board investigating the dirigi-
ble problem. A preliminary survey
of the materials and plants available
was begun, and the manufacturers
expressed belief that big aircraft sim
ilar to the German machines could
be turned out.
niniu nn nnn
-ijqrr
I L niiiti.
CAPTURED
WILL 101
Imperial Government Announces Intention of Holding Sea
men Until Confident Crews on Teuton Ships Interned in
This Country Will Be Treated Fairly; Formla Notification
of Attitude Handed United States Through Swiss Minister
AMERICAN OFFICIALS, AMAZED AT UNEXPECTED
DEVELOPMENTS, NO COMMENT ON SITUATION
General Release of Men Is Regarded as Assured, But Urgent
Protest -Will Be Made Against Their Re-Imprisonment by
State Department; Hawaiian Governor Asked to Send
Report as to Status of Germans on Board Vessels There.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
WASHINGTON. Feb. 12. Formal notification of the reti-ntion in Cer
many of the 72 American sailors brought in as prisoners on the prize ship
Yarrowdale. was given to the state department today by Dr. Paul Ritter.
Swiss minister here, acting for the German government, together with an
inquiry as to the status of the crews of the German war bound ship in
American harbors.
Germany, Dr. Ritter said, had decided to hold the Yarrowdale prisoners
until she has definite assurance that Geimun crews in American harbors
would not be lie Id or imprisoned.
This development, wholly unexpected, was amazing to th American
government. Officials here had come to the conclusion that the early re
ports which had represented the Ger man government's, doubts had been
effectively dispelled by the forwardin g of complete details. As this includ
ed the presidential announcement iha t German ships would not be seized
now or in the event of war and full in formation about the fair attitude of
the government toward the German sailors, officials are wholly at a loss to
know what kind of report could have so suddenly changed Germany' attitude.
Zimmerman Requests
A query at once cabled to the gov
ernor of Hawaii, the only section
where the German ships are war
bound where all the condition" ar
not known. There is not the least
thought that any variation will be
found there in the uniformly courte
ous treatment accorded German ves
sels, but officials want a detailed ac
count of the status of the two war
bound war vessels and the eight mer
chantmen there, in order to present
a final report showing the conditions
in all American harbois. Such a re
port already had been received from
the Philippines and was included in
the blanket statement already sent
Germany.
General release of the Yarrowdale
prisoners is regarded as assured but
an urgent protest against their reim
prisonment will be made at once. A
peremptory demand for the release of
these phjsoners was about the last in
formation sent from Ambassador Ger
ard. Though the boat came into port
December 31, its arrival was not re-
REAR ADMIRAL IDE NINETEEN MEMBERS OF
DIES IN NEW YORK. TORPEDOED SHIP SAVED.
NEW YORK. Feb. 12.Rear Ad- LONDON. Feb. 12. Nineteen mem
miral George E. Ide. I. S. N. retired. . bers of the crew of the British tank
died at his home here today. He was i steamer Saxonian. which was sunk
born In Stevensville. O., and was i February 8 by a German submarine.
graduated from Annop'jlis. in lSt..
: : ic'-
ALASKA PUBLIC LANDS
MAY BE OPEN TO ENTRY,
WASHINGTON. Feb. 12. A bill au -
tlmrlTinir hnrnesteari entries on nuhlic
'lands in Alaska containing coal, oil or
!gas with a limited patent to the en -
trvman. reserving the coal, oil 'or gas
to the l'nited States, was passed to -
night by the Senate.
AFTER BEATING WHITE WOW
(Special to the Review)
DOt'GLAS, Feb. 12. Angered be -
cause his demand for something to
her three small children and the child
of a neighbor who was visiting at the
Meyers home, accordiug to the re -
port mad" to county peace j dicers.
The woman was beaten almost into
insensibility with the butt end of a ,
six-shooter, her little boy was ren-1
dred unconscious by blows from the
same gun. and one of the little girls:
narrowly escaped death from a bullet i
fired by the negro. The assault 'oc-t
curred iu the public highway at '
Moore's Spur, 3." miles east of Doug- J
las, in trout or tne .Meyers Home,
j which Is located on the state road. ;
That the woman and children es-
caped death is apparently due to the .
(act that E. T. C. Peliiam. of Cana-! ly respected and feelin among reM
nea. happened by In an automobile dents of that section is very bitter
and came t their assistance. A few against the negro.
iuan mm
ED BY GERMANS
BE RELEASED
Report of U. S.
poned for military reasons until Jan
uary 19. Following reports that there
were Americans on board, three direct
Inquiries were made culminating in a
list ot M American sailors heH pri
soner In Westfalieo made public by
the state department only a few hours
before President Wilson auuouui-ed
the severance of relations with Ger
many to congress. Immediately after
ward, the announcement of a protest
against their imprisonment and de
mand for their release was given out
at the slate department. The n"xt
day came word of their release, and
it was supposed until today that they
would go out of Germany with the
other Americans.
Official Request
BERLIN, Feb. 11. (Sunday, by wire
less) Foreign Secretary Zimmerman
today informed the Associated Press
tht he had requested the Swiss gov
ernment to make inquiry' In Washing
ton regarding the status of tbe
crews interned of the German ships
in American ports.
1 . I .!;.... a punt,ul
were rescued, according to a Central
News report. Eight men were vn-
j jured.
i
'TUG SINKS WHILE
' GOING THROUGH ICE.
j BALTIMORE. Feb. 12. The tu
' Ashland, of tlie Atlantic Transport
company
was sunk this evening try-
! ing to get through the ioe
was rescued.
Her crew
IS
.moments later live army officers pass-
! ing in an auto were hailed and the
six men pursued tne negro. no ima
commander of the Tenth cavalry, who
had the negro brought to Douglas
, Saturday nignt and turned 'over to
'civil authorities.
i
Watson refuses to discuss his case.
There are four separate charges
against him and when he waived his
preliminary" hearing this afternoon
when arraigned before Justice D. T.
Dunlap he was held to the superior
court on all four counts, with bail at
fl.OOO in each case. He will be taken
to Tombstone.
Meyers family has
lived at
yume s Spur for the past Pour years.
and until recently Mr. Meyers con-
ducted a store there. They are high- TWO
. THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY MORNING FEBRUARY 13, 1917.
REVIEW'S TRIPLE
OPENS WITH REIi ?
Enthusiastic Candidates Handle
and Many New Subscriptions in the Balance Will Be Col
lected Remember the All-Fowerful Requisites Energy
and Ferseverance.
GREETINGS
I choose this day to introdure myself to all those who seek my
friendship. I am the herald of the Itishee Review's Creat Prize
festival I can give you what chances and fortune you have missed
in the past. AH the pleasures f'at a luxurous Chandler Six Tour
ing Car tan afford you. Ape, more a handsome Seven Passenger
Studebaker, a powerful Chevrolet, and brilliant diamond lavallieres
and sold wrist watches of beautiful designs.
In r "urn for xall these, w hich I am going to deliver to you on
the twcn-. -fourth day of March of this year. I demand nothing 'jf
material value.
I an' your wheel of fortune. All that I require to make your
dearest wish come true is your honest effort and deteraiinatiou to
preserve, lor without it I am helple.-s to assist you.
I am tue forerunner of your final success. My name is TRII'PLE
VOTK.
e i
TRIPLE VOTE SCHEDULE
VOTES ALLOWED FOR NEW AND RENEWAL
PAID-IN-ADVANCE SUBSCRIPTIONS TO
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW
BETWEEN NOW AND
SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 24TH 9 P. M.
2 year subscriptions $13.00 . 24.000 8,000
1 year subscriptions 7.u0 9.000 3,000
6 mos. subscriptions 4.00 3,1'iOG 1.200
3 mos. subscriptions 2.25 l.r.00 501!
NOTE: This schedu'e will be the largest from no.v until the close of
the contest and will be severely rsJuced after Feb. "4ih., 9 P. M.
.CLIP ON CLACK BORDERS..
Good for
1 0
Votes.
Vote Conceit
The BisbeevDei!y Review
Greater Automobile end Prize Contest.
For Mrs. or
Addrcoia.
Not good if. deposited after rt-bruc-ry
coupons as you can and ask your friends to clip theni for you.
Coupons must be deposited iu dat packages and not rolled,
neatly on border lines.
Many Men Have Profiled by
This Semi-Annual Mark Down of
Suits and Overcoats
- A V ST M"Mi:i;u OK MSliSK'S economical nu n have found hulv
stuntio savings in this Somi-Anntial Murk-I)own of Men's tine Suits
ami O' -"oats, and many more will hasten to larti ipate in these ex-ccilc-i
c; ;ortunities hefore the sale ends.
.M.T.'.Ol'GH Till-: I'ltinc IllttiL'CTIONS are remarkable in cliar
act' r. .n" usual liipli standard of f;uality is maintained in every Suit
ami (I crc.ats cinhraccd in this offer. Many are from THL HOl'Sli
OF Kl l T!-:.'.lli;iM!-;t. .some hear the "COLLEGIAN" label, and others
are the tamous "CLOTIICItAfT" clothes. In every nizc and for men
of all builds.
For
$15 and $18.50
Suits and
Overcoats.
m.75
For
$20 and $22.50
Suits and
Overcoat.
$18.95
For
$25 and $27.53
Suits and
Overcoats.
21. QZ
I-or
Hesrular SZ0
Suits & Overcoats
$12,95
two:
WE PERIOD
Receipt Books With a Rush
Good for
.1 0
Votes.
f
20th. Clip e.s many
of these
Clip
V.
s
j Now that the preliminary period is
i over, the waders of the Review have
(an opportunity of knowing just who
is m Tre JiisUee Keviow s i.reaier
Automobile and Prize Contest.
Among the many surprises furnished
last Saturday was the entrance of a
new candidate. Miss Lola Andreas.
Miss Andreas made up her mind that
her chances of carrying off one of the
aul'omobiles were exceedingly good,
and in less than a day had secured
enough subscriptions to place her
name at the head of the list.
All of the candidates whose names
appear in the list obtained good re
sults from their efforts during the past
ten days, and while there is not a
great deal of difference between any
of them in the matter of votes, as
counted on Saturday night, those wh'J
have "been on the job" continually
have left a good impression with all
those who have noticed their work.
Besides subscriptions actually paid
for, the contestants have secured pro
mises innumerable and it is for the
purpose f giving these prospective
subscribers an opportunity to assist
their favorite candidates with a num
ber of votes really worth while, that
the contest editor decided to announce
another special offer. While this oH
fer is not as good a one as the last,
it is Vine that Is certainly worth while
I taking advantage of. THREE VOTES
FOR ONE THROUGHOUT THE EN
TIRE SCHEDULE for new subscrip
tions. Prospective subscribers should not
wait till the end of this contest tolrrm scissors, had scissors and oth
he!p the young woman for whom he ers. only to see RocHer slip out of
intends to vote, with the idea that I them with the cleverness of an eel.
there will be an offer "just as good"
or 'Vjmethlng better." As was an
nounced at the beginning of the eon
test, the schedule is to be reduced
rght along till the ena. TODAY your
candidate will receive more votes on
your subscription, than at any other
time during the remainder of the con- j
test. ,
Attention, Candidates.
We take this opportunity to ask the
candidates fj turn in their subscrip-
nuns as uncru as pu.tuie su mat im'j
can be put on the list.
People who have subscribed for the
Keview have called up the office on
several occasions and complained
about not receiving the paper. We
. rind in u.any rases that the subscrip-,
tion has not been turned in. Then
again the candidate who holds the sub
script.Vms is not getting the benefit of
the votc3 that may be clipped from
these papers and cast for her. Many
a contest has been won by just a few
voles and the candidate cannot afford
io overlook a single one.
NO INDIGESTION, GAS,
OR STOMACH MISERY
IN FIVE MINUTES
'Tape's Diapepsin" for sour
acid stomach, heartburn,
dyspepsia.
Time it: In five minutes all stomach as pvprone knows who works under
distress will co. No indicestion. heart-1 Rron nd. A few weeks above cround
burn, sourness or belchinsr of cas. i
acid, or eructations of undigested food,
no dizziness, bloating, foul breath or
headache.
Millions of men and women now eat
their favorite foods without fear they
know Tape's Diapepsin will save them
from any stomach misery.
Tape's Diapepsin is n'oted for its
speed in regulating upset stomachs.
It is the surest, quickest and most
certain indigestion remedy in the
whole world, and besides it is liurm
less. Please, for your sak' set a lare
fifty-cent case of Tape's Diapepsin
from any drus
stomach ri,hL
siorc ana yiu your i
Don't keep on bt'ins: j
miserable life is too short y.)u are
not here long, so make your stay '
agreeable. Kat what you like a. id
digest it; enjoy it, without dread or
rebellion in thea stomch. I
Tape's Diapepsin belongs in your I
home anyway. Should one of the fam
ily eat something which don't agree
with them, or incase of an attack of
indigestion, dyspepsia, gastritis or
stomach derangement at daytime or
during the uight, it is handy to give
the quickest, surest relief known.
(Advertisement.)
DOES RHEUMATISM
BOTHER YOU?
Many Doctors Use Musteroio
S. m.iny MiftVr't. hive f'.'lil p-'icf
in Mu-.tf-n.il- tl-.:l yiu -.i-.;!it t' h-iy a
tciall jar and try it.
J-.iit -"iircad it i-n with the liia-ers. K11!)
it in. l irt you ferl a gcnllc g!'w. then
i lr'ii-eius.
:l.;i:r c !i::nrt. lust-rilc
r-jtits the twiivcs. Ikim-us up stitlcucd
juints a:ifl i-i-.wcli-.-i.
Must Tele is a clean, white ointment,
na 'e wi'.li oil of irr.itard. It iK-nctratcs
tu the i-'at of r,.'.i: and drives it away,
l -.it doi-s not b'..: fT the tcndcrct skin.
It trice :!ic p'.r.ce of the muy.-y, olj
fjvlr'e-ud rnuncird pbiter.
Muitcfi? is recomr.-.cndcd f .r bron-
I'i'i.-. croup, .is'th.v.a, pleurioy, l-iml'irvi.
'irvr,:!,:;-i. ".prainh,, bruises, btitf nek,
r"?ac'.ai-'-c ? l i-iirfs of the cheit (it often
-rcvfi . , -ni a l.
Vij
I 1 1 ?
mm
WEBER AND ROCKLER
EACH GAIN A FALL
IN WHIRLWIND MATCH
Weber and Leo Rockier broke even
in their wrestling match for the
championship of the Southwest yes
terday at the Lowell Airdome, Weber
gaining the first fall in 21 minutes
and Roikler the second in 11. The
third match had but 13 minutes to go
and as the gong sounded Weber was
seen to be vigorously on the aggres
sive but without another fall.
Only 100 people saw this capital
match, and niore's the pity. Warren
District has never seen such a go.
Put the way the .little band of 100
cheered and admonished on their fav
orites was enough to warm the coc
kles of the wrestlers' hearts in their
charitable struggle. Charitable, for
they must have gotten at least a dol
lar and six bits apiece after expenses
were paid.
Weber weighed in at ISO. Rockier at
1S.". They were brought together by
Referee Billy Gunn and told that on
ly h" strangle hold would be barred
Then they went to t'ie mat in furious
fashion.
Weber took the aggressive from
the start pnd hid the bis champion
in several bad Holes, including the
The local cwn finally get his oppo
nent whore he warned hint after 21
inutes, and pinned his shoulders to
te mat with a double wrist twist an.-'
body hold. V
"fie crowd cheered like mad, for
"Vher is a grat favorite in the camp.
The second match took on a re
versal of form. Rockier took the ag
gressive, and two or three tires had
the local man in danger, only tc find
,attPr sljp mt ,.jth apparont ease-
At the end of eleven n-inutes, how
ever. Rockier got the body toe hold
on Weber, and the latter did the only
' ing he cou?dand save his foot, and
fvft was to concede the fall.
Ti'e last period in which neither
'"ined a fall, appeared to be going to
""ber rt the last. Hut of that no one
can be sure. For Rockier is a most
-"n.terous man at eny stage of the
game.
H has th fine points down per
haps even better than the local man.
His play is clean and clever. Weber
ys he's a wonder.
On the other hand Weber displayed
"rest versatility in his ::tt;ic!:s and !
st.onpth ihut .e;i..n,ii tiir.-,- I
his opponent some distance 'around !
the mat. At thr rr.d nr iho firs? !
first
match of 21 minutes
he seemed not
) ;
i t ft ha miTmp Qt all I
IkUf'l. ir smv i . lie r iiio in irnpi .
proposition he has met in the south
west. The Globe man has had a cord
recently and was unable to Ret sweat
ing properly as he should in proper
condition.
Weber, on the other hand, was not
hi as fit condition as he should be.
would I,lake a vast difference in
the
local man. '
Loth men were much disappointed j
in the lack of interest displayed here, !
as they well had a right to be. It '
really was a shame, a shame to the ',
camp to pass up a real big athletic I
st-int like this. !
Those who did not see it are talking j
alout ways aud means to bring the !
n.,ii toother "-'. in the n-ar futuie. i
but there is only one way of doing j
this. That is. for local enthusiasts to .
sign up in suffw ient numb, rs for (irk-
ets beforehand so the wrestlers will
be guaranteed enough to justify them i
iestling. All who are interested can ;
coniiiiuricatv w ith the snortini: editur I
of the Ore. the sporting editor of the
Rcvi'-w or the athletic dip-dor of the I
V. M. C. A. It would be best to bring !
the wrestlers together within the next I
two weeks, as Rockier has a match :
with Tony Ajax early in March, and
then will leave this section of the ,
count ry. '
liefore ending this, a remark about
the preliminary. A. It. Chapman,
weight 1".S. gained two falls from
Charlie Schoenson. 14S, in nine and
five minutes respectively, in two
whirlwind mills. The first wa$ gained
by the double hamnerlock. the sec- j
ond by the hammer and waist hold.
Chapman is a new man here from
Grand Junction, Colorado; Schoenson
ca-ne from Los Angeles io August.
Both boys are working in the mines
aere aud members of the wrestling
squad of the local V. M. C. A. Their
matches were quite as vigorously
fought as the main event, and almost
as interesting.
MINSTREL REHERSAL.
Although rehearsals for the "Y"
nin.strel jubilee have progressed to
such an extent tnat the show could
easily be staged on an hour's notice.
i
.he .soloists, chorus, interlocutor, end 1 in the profession,
men aud orchestra will meet at 7:"0''o tm-v with fact
o'clock tonight and go through the en- i
.iii; program of the niiuistrel part o!
the i-how to smooth Civn any rough '
spots that m:iy appear. Th minstrel
-nen Irive gathered tOB'lbfr iibout ,
Cnc i bunch of Hingf rs as ever ap i
peared in any aiiii'teur show in the'
state and their friends may rest as 1
un-d that b.n they go to Lie Juhilt-e.
which will be staged oil tile night ot J
February "4. tliey will see something
worth while. A'.l ol the i&ugs, with
the exception of one or two old favor- i
i'es. are - '! '-:-.pv and v ill
jjl
You need
never worry
about results in
baking if you use
KC
BAKING
POWDER
It has been a stand
by for a quarter of
a century. Guaran
teed under all
pure food laws.
O K Ounces for
fjL m ff (Molt fh.n a pound mnA
ffr boU for . quarlcn
1 lUi'H 131
sung by singers that can sing. Direc
tor Rancourt has arranged many novel
musical features for the jubilee and is
drilling the minstrels in a very capaole
manner.
MOTHER! GIVE CHILD
"SYRUP OF FIGS" IF
TONGUEjS COATED
If cross, feverish, sick, bilious,
clean little liver and
bowels.
Children love tins "iruit laxative,"
and nothing else clenses the tender
stomach, liver and bowels so nicely.
A child simply will not siop playing
to empty t'.ie bowels and the result io.
"1PV
become tightly clogged with
waste, liver gets slu.-lsh, stomach
I'.iuis, then your little one becomes
cro!is
half-Kick, feverish, don't eat.
i sleep or act naiuially, breath is bad.
i system full of cold, has sore thoat.
stomach-ache
or diarriioca. Listen,
I Mother! See if tongue is coated, then
Sive a teaspooiuul of "California Syrup
of Figs," and in a few h'Jurs all the
constipated waste, sour bile and un
digested food passes out or the sys
tem, and you have a well, playful
child at'uin.
Millions of mothers jive "California
Syrup of Fiss" because it is perfectly
harmless; children love it, and it never
fails to act on the stomach, liver and '
bowels.
Ask y'jur druggist for a 50-cent bot- ;
tie of "California Syrup of Figs," w hich
bits full directions for babies, chil- j
dren of all ages and for grown-ups ;
Plainly printed on the bottle. Beware,
f counterfeits sold here. (Jet the I
genuine, made by "California Fig
s-vruP Company." Refuse any other ,
klnd ith cnt'I't. (Advertisement) :
The Future Can Be Told
BUT ONLY BY A TRUE SPIRIT.
UALIST MEDIUM
i v,
Start
Right.
Know
Your
Future
Prospects
by
Consulting
Clairvoyant - Astrologer
The greatest exponent of Hindu
philosophy in America. The man
with wonderful clairvoyant pouter and
the most conscientious adviser of any
He brings you face
Now is, your op
portunity to consult a true, gifted
medium. lie positively teiu your
'tame, what is bctt for you to do to
be successful in buc-in.-s. love af
fnirs, wh:it changes to ni.ike He tcl'
vou If the one you love :- true .r
lake and how to govern and control
your enemies and friends in fact
how to be successful ill any and all
alfwirs of life. Mr. Jiinill iias a
worldwide reputation and has the
endorsement of the best penile. Mr.
.lerriil gicintiiti es satisfaction. Kvery
thing is kept coutulential.
LOCATED AT LOWELL MOTEL.
i
We expect a shipment of
JONES
DAIRY
FAR3I
HAMS AND BACONS
in the next few days.
Leave your order now.
J. B.
ANK
Pure Food Grocery,
Phone 23.
Catarrh Cannot Be Cured
with LOCAL APPLICATION'S, as th.-y
cannot reach the s-at of the lisi-aw. Ca
tarrh is a blood or eonmitutioiial ttiafa.n,
and in onler to cu.r ir you must take in
tt rnul reniwlie. II;, I:'-! (-alarrli Curr Is
laktn internally, ami act ilirctly upon
the blood and n.ucuu.s Mjrfnc-. Hull'
Catarrh Cure is nut a quark metlieiiie. It
was prescribed by one of the lest phy
sicians in this country for years and Is
ji regular prescription. It Is roniposed of
tMe best tonics known, rombined with the
best blood puriticrs. actinic directly on the
mucous surfaces. The perfect combina
tion of the two Inprredients Is what pro
cures such wonderf'ii ?.'si:Im in curing
catarrh. Send for testimonials, free.
V. J. CHKNKV & CO. Prop!.. Toledo, O.
Sold by Imicists. irt-f 7.V.
Tak Kail's family Pills lor constipation.
HEINO & KEANE
Cleaning,
Pressing and Re
pairing $1.25 a Suit
Suits from $25 to $55.
AH work clone on the premis?s
by Union Tailors.
Phone 677, Johnson Addition.
k XWmre f cmtnt-r'rtLg
Our Want Adds Bring Result
fc&ggJ fee J to-
Watktos & Bergquist
Quality Jewelers
The Best Opticians
I
The HAL.
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL -AND
HIGH CLASS CAFE
The best of everything at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 50c luncheon daily. Also $1.00 dinner from
5 :30 to 7 : 30 p. m. Regular Board by the month, $35 ;
$9 by the week.
Henry Poppen, Manager.
L. J. OVERLOOK, BROKER
Correspondents: Paine, Weber & Co.,
Boston, Duluth, Calumet.
Logan & Bryan, New York and Chicago.
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK.
iSA IMrl
Bisbee LmUber
EMIL MARKS, Mgr.
LOWELL
4.'...:.
BIG
Silverware
Display
of the famous
GORHAM PATTERNS
Chantilly Etruscan
Clermont in Single pieces
and beautiful Mahogany
Chests.
Also
The International Silver
Company's line of beauti
ful Hollow Ware.
See Window Display
Get My Prices.
L. L. GILMAN.
EYE NERVE GLASSES
Permann'lT located
in Ei.il e, except
Mondays in Douglas.
Room 1, Maze
Building.
DR. R. GLAZE, Neurologist.
, Phone 156.
O. K. LIVERY ard
UNDERTAKING CO.
Robert Henessey, Prop.
L'Fposiie Depot Amb-jl?nci
Have the
CITY PARK TAILOuS
make your next cult 3000 pat
tern to pick from. Under new
city park, Bitbeo.
UEEN LAUNDRl
rieepectfuily Solicit Your
PatronaQe
PHONE 53
1 .in?itt.s g 3 riuLo
TPi: 1Ij.i. iU I.1AMI. .
f...!:..l A li.lln,i,l,A
- ot i t-a ki... i.t k ir.i iicWy
K n'-r(Hl.( il. s.TFKH
1 '..i.-i. rtLLM, u
SOLD BY P?LGQ!1TS FVFTV"HERf
READY FOR WORK
comprises all that's necessary to
predicate of tiie many paints ot
the first grade which are here
for your selection and purchase.
It's our business to know paints,
to keep on hard a supply of
Pint.? wi:h which to till your
oriiers. to buy them reasonably
priced and to sell them with
only a small margin of protU.
Pardon us for saying that we
know- our hiu-ines sand at'eud
to it, ;o our mutual proflt
Company. n.
CAR STOP.
PHONE 25. THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 13, 1917.
THREE
NEGRO CHAUFFEUR IS
SHOT AND KILLED BY
PROVOST IN DOUGLAS
'Progress During Year Shown
At Annual Y. M.C.A. Meeting
The ;iniiu:il mooting and flection of six directors of t ho Young Men's
Christian Association was held Sunday afternoon at the Association building.
Tin program began at 2:30 wit li a ctini'crt by t do Calumet and Arizona Band.
(Special to the Ileview) j after w 'ii h a rormal program was rendered.
DOT'llI-VS Feb. 12. Mose Walker, i Tin- Association Orchestra opened Hie session Willi u selection: "America"
colored "r. was shot and killed yester-' was sung by the membership, accompanied by the orchestra, and prayer wal
dav afternoon shortly after 1 .Vch k ; offered by llev. li. S Brewster. Mr Arthur Noiman. President of the Aso-j
.1 , ,,. ,,. ,, r,r 'cialh.n. presided at the meeting and in a few well chosen words nave ex
bn Sixth street b members of the ,, hjs sIllilm.nls r,-K:ir(li,l(; ,he Associalon n.oveu.ent in the War
military police when the negro drove rn Tpistri(.t es,H.iaiiv emphasizing the value and importance of the work ot
an automobile through the redlight ; (he pas, vear At ,10 ,-onclusion of his remarks a business session was held
' - " ..... ' ' H1IU llll lillllinillK nil"! Hl n inwr- l nun ii .iui. ...,a . . . , . . u
mand of tho provost gnard to halt. ' for a period of three years: H. C. Henrie. F. K Williams, J P. Williamson,
A 45-oalihre bullet entered the top of" A. W. Engeldor. F. K. Bennett, and E. E. Whiteley.
the man's head at the back and lodged i The treasurer. Mr. F. U Williams, presented bis annual report for the
lust under tm skin of the forehead. I V X"- lll, h is reproduced below
Walker w as taken to a fiieal hospital i
but died at 3:20 without regaining
Two members of the provost guard
did the shooting, one firing twice and
Wliat makes Fafiiinas comfortable?
the other once, but it is not known
which fired the bullet that killed the
negro. They were Sergeant William
RiKSS and Private Oliver S. Wratoh
fonl. Immediately after the rhooting
the twl men were placed under ar- j SSO(.jalj"n'
rest by Deputy Sheriff Percy ISowden j jovs' Depa
Distribution of Receipts.
Mining Company and personal appropriations
Memberships:
Miners 6.7S4.35
Others 3.35!!. 10
j Sustaining 1.745.(10
I Pocket Milliards
Howling
' Iiormitories
! Package I.:umdry
! Athletic Merchandise
UHkffS
.$ .r..'JM.S4
11.SS7.4.".
595. S5
695.70
1.292.45
:ss:i.77
318.27
407.70
Inn 1.906 4S
YOU'VE probably noticed that
rather "oily heaviness" so com
mon to many of even the most ex
pensive cigarettes. That's bound to
exist, no matter how good the lohzc
cos, if the tobaccos are not blended
just right to correct it.
Of course, such cigarettes can never
be comfortable.
Fntinns, on the other hand, rrs
comfortable. The milder tobaccos
i' part ment
Hooks ...
ana were taken to the county jail a' .Coupon
Tombstone. This morning the sher- Sundries
iff's office swore out warrants before ' Less Coupon Hook Receipts
Justice of the Peace D. T. Dunlap J
charging them w ith murder. They i
were brought back to Douglas at noon I
today by Sheriff Wheeler.
S.W..3S
10.00
in their Turkish blend are in 6uch
perfect balance with the richer, fuller-flavored
leaves as to entirely off
set all of that f"oily heaviness" which
makes s- j macy other cigarettes itto
Tith your first package of Fatim
you'll realize how genuinely comfort
a'uie a ciavctte can be.
$24,
W2.12!
22.30
Net Cash Recefn's
Distribution of Expenditures.
Administrative and Office Expense
i Salaries
t
.$24.4S3.S2j
wnai me soioiers s,ay. Supplies, Printing. Stationery . .
According Vj the story told by tho stamps. Telephone. Telegraph
two soldiers, and corroborated by a i Revenue Features
number of witnesses. Walker, driving
a Ford car containing thrci whit?
soldiers ' in the back seat. irov;
through Sixth street about 1 o'clock
at a high rate of speed. He turned
east on Sixth from I avenue and paid
no attention to the command of the
guard to slow down. tout five min
utes later he turned into Sixth s'reet
from H avenue,' this time 6ing west
Dormitories:
Wages
I.aundry . . .
Supplies . .
Association
Inn
4,731.19
719.17
269.57
3?8.B5
fi0.95
75.90
1,465. 38
and traveling at an even greater rate Department of Service
Pocket Milliards 54.39
Howling:
Supplies and Replacements 1R9.42
Wages 550.30
Athletic Merchandise 256.71
Package Laundry : 399.28
of speed.
The two millitary policemen, accord
ing to their story, again ran into the
street and commanded Walker to stop, j
but his only reply was t'j- laugh and
Physical Education
Hoys' Department
892.31
2.32G.27
Paths and Plunge 1.150.50
Educational
Religious
Social ...
wave his hand at them. When the j Operating Expenses
936.06
137.97
677.30
Capital Expenditures
J.initor Services and Supplies
Fuel. Light. Water ' 3,679.88
General Expenses 1,369.60
Equipment 1.560.42
Furniture and Fixtures 2.111.20
Sundries ,
RECAPITULATION.
992.09
690..78 $23,685.59
negro refused to stop the police fired
three tinu s, supposedly into the air.
The car continued its way and the
police returned to the sidewalk.
One of the bullets, however, had
laid Walker low as he sat at the
steering wheel. After running half a
block, the car turned into a ditch on 1 Cash on hand January 1, 1916
the right side of the street near Rail- ! Receipts During the Year
road avenue and ran into a fence. One I , 1 .
tf the three men in the rear seat! TOTAL , $27,1
reached over and turned off the pow- j tHSBL RSh.YIENTS DURING THE YEAR
er. afUT which all three fled at break- CASH BALANCE JANUARY 1. 1917
p.. .-F.. a, Cr ., . SECRETARY'S ANNUAL REPORT.
Ioca" Ueneral Secretary A. B. Richardson then read his annual report, which
M
4v fkvw. -ri
5
iv .V". z-t ' "si uvt :vi- --rA
si . - h
JL -A m
MA
A. Sensible Cigarette
o
. 2.681.65
. 24.489..S2
1.47
$25,6S5.53
JL
sv?'swlM'tt"r
I 1 1.A1J1.I w
I
,.J 1.4S5.8S
tMm&m ...
Charlie WIiilsi?5aiAVS' o
Penn
follows: - j eighteen business, professional, and mining officials and employes; these
Another twelve months of the Young Men's Christian Association work; being selected and elected by the membership organization. Radiating
in the Warren District has passed into history. j from this central organization are varied and numerous committees represent-
To enable our membership to readily acquaint themselves with the moreng the different departments of the organization, chosen and appointed by
important phases of the Association work, the Statistical and Financial re-, the directorate. It is through this snlendid volunteer force of several hundred
ports have been summarized and Arranged so as to show at a glance the, men, who serve their fellows unselfishly and without renuraeration. that ti
work by departments, as well as the organization as a whole. ; splendid program of the past year was made possible.
Seventy-three years ago the Young Men's Christian Association was or. It is a ncu-sectarian institution. The privileges and benefits of the
ganized in London. England. The organizer was a young man by the name ' Association are available to all men and boys of good moral character
Manufacturing Ex
pert of The Amcri
i'uiiTbn ''Co., and
a famous uulboriiv
on the niamifd-tiirr
of chewing tobacco.
says GiasliePeMi
'The natural tobacco flavor of PENN'S
THICK with any other plug tobacco
you ever chewed. You'll find PENN'S
THICK the best ever because you're
chewing real tobacco."
Chewing Tobacco
Made only from full-length strips of rich.,
ripe, perfect leaves of Kentucky white
hurley tobacco. Every leaf perfect
"It's as mellow as a June apple and as eweet as a nut.
THY A 10c CUT TODAY
(Tuaranhed
If Per.n's Thick does not satisfy you
g in evty.vay. return it to any dealer.
He is hereby authorired to refund
tlc full puniutt price
of George Williams, afterwards Knighted by Queen Victoria, and known as
S'.r George Williams. He, with eleven associates, formed the first Associa
tion. . ,
From this small beginning the movement has gTown until today it ' irtu
ally belts tJie globe. In the United States alone there are tver 2,600 Asso
ciations with almost a million members. Every foreign country is now rep
resented by the Association.
Association Policy.
The Association Is organized and maintained to help men atn! boys to
make the most of themselves, and to train and inspire them to heln others.
It has been well said by one of the Nation's distinguished men that
"The test of a city's greatness is the kind of men it brinf? forth." This
Association's contribution to the Warren District's greatness is Christian
manhood. The varied activities of the Association are desiened to aid
young men and boys to form wholesome friendships; to secure and maintain
physical heaHh and vitality; to make up lost or neglected educational ad
vantages, and to develop them Into a virile type of Christian character.
The present Association Headquarters of the Young Men's Christian
Association, attractive, inviting, and commodious as tin 7 are, is the result
of 'years of constant plodding away in limited quarters and often working
under adverse circumstances, the present improved buildings, appointments
and conveniences, being an outgrowth of early day experiences and expeii
ments associationally. After years of effort the word had reached pro
portions that expansion physically in buildings was the only solution to
further continued progress.
Ooeration Statistics.
Accordingly In April, 1915. a ten day whirlwind membership campaign
was successfully promoted and the membership increased from less than
five hundred to more than twelve hundred. In August of the same year ex
tensive improvements were begun, and in March 12th of 1916, the re-opening
i of the men's building, and -the dedication services of the boys' building
were held.
The project was made possible through the generosity of the Copper
Oueen Consolidated Mining Company,, the corporation alone expending over
$35,000 on the buildings. '
Few of the membership apparently realize the cost of maintenance of
an organization of this kind. Many of them judging from inquiries made,
are under the impression a profit is made and that dividends are declared.
For the information of those and any others who may not fully under-;
stand the methods of operation, we have deemed it advisable to supply the
general policy of operation:
Based on the budget of $25,000 approximately, as shown by our Treas
urer's report for the past year, the Copper Queen Mining Company furnished
free to the Association these buildings, kept them in repair, and in addition
supplied the water and light, and the salaries for two of the secretaries
aggregating in all $10,000. The regular ten dollar membership trtaled a
little more than $10,000, and the contributory constituency added about
$2,000 more. The balance of the funds accrued through the various revenue
income features. Therefore, you will readily see that the operation and
maintenance from a company and employe basis is a fifty-fifty proposition.
Taking the company out of the giving end of the game the membership fee
would have to be increased from $10 to $20 per annum. In other words,
without Company support it would be impossible to operate a Young Men's
Christian Association in the Warrea District. 1
Change in Conditions. '
Briefly we wish to submit for your consideration some salient features,
the results of the past year's achievements; presenting some facts, not that
we have accomplished all that we had planned for. or hoped for. but merely
that the members who are the partners In this "welfare factory" may know
from first hand Information the kind of a concern they are connected with.
the merits-of which mav thus be determined. Some of the results might be
briefly chronicled as follows:
Because of the removal from the District of the saloon and the usual
accompanying vices, a much greater responsibility has been thrust nnon the
organization, and very naturally there has been a greater need for the min-;
istry of the Association in the community; and never have we been more
determined to fight vigorously all the evils which beset the young men and 1
boys, as at present. j
With the abolition of the legalized rum traffic, the community and e .
Association is becoming more and more what it should be a preventative!
"A Fence at the Top of the I'reciplce" rather than an "Ambulancei Down !
in the Valley." A recital of the numerous evidences of personal interviews
and the grateful expressions of strong virile men. would doubtless add con
clusively and convincing evidence to this report, but these are mitters of a
private nature, and these confidences of men are treated as a closed book.
Management of Association.
I The Association began the year with-an avowed determination to serve
' more men and boys than in any previous year of its history anil it did.
We are indeed thankful for such a yenr. It was a year of encourace
1 ment and results. It had its difficulties, of course, like every other yenr.
and has not been without Its vicissitudes, but on the whole we feel greatly
encouraged the way the actual purposes of the Association has been
achieved.
The work of the Association is managed by a board of directors of
without regard to creed or denominational distinction. It is co-operative.
It is the only constructive piency at work amone the young men and boys
365 days in tlio year. Much of its service is rendered at less than cot. or
no cost. It is operated to make tnn rather than moneys'
No matter what may be said in criticism of the "Y" members, they are
r' ysically. at least, a clen hunch, as is evidenced by the fact that th?
baths and plunce -vere used ."5."?3 times during ti e past year.
Every convenience is aforded and encouragement given for tae men to
re-establish broken heme ties tv the use r.f tl'e correspondence taMes. nfd
durinr the ye:ir 27 4 t"J etr i'lrpes. -unl S'.'.S'.'ii s!'C's of paper we -e utilized
for this rrrno?e, furnished f .- f le membership.
' $ofill Activities.
S'innleiiiesiting the work ef the bard of director and the em-l'-ved
staff of the Association, there is in active operation a large body of volun
teers co-operating in an advisory relation in the direction of t!e Tarious
activities. More t'inn three hundred men responded to such a call for ser
vice last year, and in all 3:55 committee conferences were held, with a total
attendance of 3rt-,0. Without this response on the part of the membership it
would be impossible to carry on the work of the organization.
Social activities of the work is so promoted that not only does it appeal
to those who may desire the formalities of a set fvnetion. but an endeavor
is made to create r.n atmosphere in the Iwildine that a home-like feeling Is
experienced, and the spirit of fellowship is always present. Four pianos, an
Edison phoiinranh. two bowls of fi.-.b. numerous hnne plants, and the ad
monition and example from the man at the desk, that "A Smile is Worth Its
Face Value" r.re wonderful assets in the creation of the homelike atmos
phere. Thirteen formal gatherings were held duriug the year with an at
tendance of r:(S0.
Never a dav passes in t.'ie experiences of the Secretarial Staff but what
men are interviewed on perplexing problems. Matters that are real in the
lives of men and every endeavor is made to reader just the advice and coun
cil tint is for the best. One of the most difficult problems is the man out
of a job. and the difficulties encountered in linking the jobless man with a
job is no schoolboy task; however 2S2 were secured employment during the
year. Matters cf a more personal nature dealt with such as love, courtship,
marriage, divorce, family troubles, financial jmbarassments. stcck invest
ments, vocational and educational guidance, and in fact the program is
complete in every detail. 492 personal interviews were had during the year.
Men's Sunday Club.
More than I'M magazines and 33 daily papers add materially to the men
tal recreation and educational information and research of the membership,
as well as the opportunity afforded thru the public lectures and practe-al
talks. A seven number Lyceum Course was of much value not only from
nn educational standpoint, but as an entertainment feature. Imrint tnr year
fourteen talks and lectures were given with an attendance of 3S29.
Men's Sunday Club.
While only a recent development in the proeTaru of the Association, it
has passed the experimental stage, and has come to stay as a regular feat
ure. An attractive program for the Sunday entertainment and inspiration,
beginning with a Sacred Kerital on the phonograph in the morning, a re
cital by the Association Orchestra in the afternocn. a platform address, a
song service, special music, a fellowship and social hour, anil a Bible S'udy
Discussion Club and they have proved attractive and worth while, and have
persuaded the members that the organization is not purely an athletic club,
much as we appro-, e all forms of recreation and clean sport, neither is it
predominately a Social Club, alt '10 the social activities play an important
part; but the specifically religious features are made so natural, that no one
need hesitate to participate in the programs. During the year 3S meetings
were held, with an attendance of 3160.
, Fhysical and Boys' Work.
With the addition to the secretarial force during the year of a physic!
director and a Boys." Secretary, marked increase and growth has been shown
in these departments, and a much more comprehensive work is planned for
the future.
Number gymnasium classes held (men and bovs
Total attendance gymnasium classes
Total number enrolled In gymnasium classes
Number participants boxing, wrestling
Total participants in boxing, wrestling, basket-ball, hand ball
fencing, volley ball and tournaments
Number enrolled basket ball games and tournaments
Attendance playground baseball tournaments
Number enrolled playground baseball tournaments 500
Number men participating physical exhibitions
Tet-il attendance hikes and ouMngs tboys' division)
Total number participating physical activities
New Year's Kelay Hai e 1 from Douglas to I'isheel hoys...
l'ushniKbile race (boys participating I
Number physical examinations
Buys' Summer Camp conducted, attended by
Nnin'ier using bwlin'.j nllevs
Total number games bowled K.392
Total attendance all physical department activities S941
(Continued on Fage Five.)
302
347
306
15
27S.
4S
T5
3 ''.3
3J5
200
100
54
276 FOUR
THE BISBEE, DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 13, 1917.
Published Every Day Except Monday by the
State Consolidated Publishing Company
Business Office Phone No. 39.
Branch Connecting All Departments.
Advertising Rates on Application.
Entered as Second Class Mail Matter at Bisbee, Arizona,
Under Act of March 3, 1879.
Subscription Rates, Payable in Advance:
PER MONTH J .75
THREE MONTHS 2.25
SIX MONTHS 4.00
TWELVE MONTHS 7.50
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per year 2.50
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per quarter .75
N Subscription Taken For Less Than 75 Cents.
PHONE NO. 39.
Review subscribers not receiving a copy of The Bisbee
Oaily Review before 8 a. m. will get one promptly by
special Western Union Messenger by telephoning the
Circulation Department, No. 39. The Review will con
sider it a favor if any irregularity of delivery is reported
to the Circulation Department The Messenger service
applies to Bisbee only.
sound. As oue of the country's leading experts says,
"No country was ever before in such a good financial
shape to enter Into a long campaign." We have lent
82,000.000,000 to foreign countries, but we have plenty
left. According to the latest report of the comptroller
of the currency, our banks have $1,018,000,000 in excess
reserves, which provide the basis for $6,000,000,000 of new
credits.
Thus our banks have actually increased their resources
to the extent of $6,000,000,000. The increase alone is more j
than the combined resources of the Bank of England and j
the Bank of France and twice as great as the resources j
of the Bank of Germany. We cou'.d doubtless raise, if j
necessary, $20,000,000,000 without serious difficulty. j
Our total economic resources are virtually equal to j
those of all the Allies together. And since the economic
factor of war has become more important than the mili- I
tary factor, a realization of this fact ought to be as din
quieting to any potential enemy of the United States as
it is reassuring to us.
Tuesday Morning, February 13, 1917.
PATRIOTIC BUSINESS.
Never again can anybody question the essential pat
riotism of American business. Nothing in connection
with the present international crisis has been more im
pressive and gratifying than the unanimous rallying of
American industries to the service of the nation. Theru
has been a spontaneity and a generosity that would
hardly been thought possible until it was actually dem
onstrated. At the first hint of danger, Henry Ford, ridiculed and
abused as a visionary and meddling pacifist, went to
Washington and offered to turn over his entire plant
for the use of the government, operating it absolutely
without profit. "I will also contribute my own time,"
c added, "and work harder than ever."
Not everybody is in position to be so generous as this,
but other big corporations have come little short of Mr.
Ford's offer. The 'biggest manufacturing concern in the
country, the United States Steel Corporation, has offered
the government the full use of its plants "in whatever
direction and to every degree desired." The Bethlehem
Steel Company, the Remington Arms Company and the
du Pont Powder Company have done likewise. So have
the Baldwin Locomotive Works, the Marconi Wireless
Telegraph Company, the Fore River Shipbuilding Com
pany and almost countless other concerns. Kentucky
distillers have volunteered 203 distilling phir.ts for the
production of alcohol to be used in making munitions.
Several Western men holding large areas of oil land
have offered their oil wells. There are said to be 27,009
industrial plants in the United States, surveyed and tab
ulated by the Council of National Defense, all of which
may be called on by the government if necessary. The
services of f7,000 bankers have been offered to aid in
mobilizing the nation's finances. The railroads and ship
owners are prepared to do their part.
It's almost woith getting into national peril just for
the thrill that conies from this wonderful manifestation
of public spirit on the part of men often accused of sor
did selfishness. It is a spirit that was not shown cithe;
in our civil war or in our Spanish war. It is proof of a
new idealism in American business and a new patriotism
fusing all classes of society.
A!
WI1M tUU
THE LITTLE PORTABLE GAS HEATER ENABLES YOU
TO QUICKLY CONVERT THE COLDEST ROOM IN
BUSINESS TRAINING FOR HOUSEWIVES.
An eastern organization has been formed for the pur
pose of spreading business training among boys and girls
of the United States. In' a prospectus, the organization
maintains that a business training is essential to the
i
future success of these young people regardless of the
line of work they enter. A girl with a sound business !
j training, they say, will make a better housekeeper, a bet- i
ter domestic manager, than the girl with no training nt
all or with training only in the usual kind of domestic
science.
Probably this is largely true. Budget-making and rd
ministration are certainly important factors in the suc
cess and happiness of the home. The right kind of busi
ness training would be a great benefit to the prospective
housekeeper and home maker. Too few women know
how to handle the household banking and bill-paying
easily and efficiently. To transact such business in the
right way would take less time and energy than is now
expended in worrying over household finances.
There's no reason why there shouldn't be an office with
a big desk and a typewriter in the home, with a compe
tent business woman conducting household affairs from
that sanctum of efficiency during a regular office hour.
NEW KINDS OF LEATHER.
What are your shoes made of? Perhaps they're leather
now, but they are apt to be made of woodchuck hide
before long.
At present many materials are being used to supplant
the actual leather put into shoes. Clothes of different
texture are a common substitute. A new composition in
which rubber will be the principal ingredient is to be
tried for soles. And so they go experimenting.
In the meantime, there are people who insist that ther
is a practically unlimited leather supply on hand if only
the tanners and shoe manufacturers would make use of
it. One mail asserts that he had a pair of woodchuck
shoes years ago and that they wore remarkably well and
long. Other people believe that there are niauy fish skin-4
that would make good leather.
Why not look into these possibilities? New industries
are coming into being right along. Why scoff at the man
who suggests still another? Let's have woodchuck hide
shots and "ostrich skin handbags and whale hide suit
cases right now while ordinary leather is scarce and.
prices are high.
SOLID AS A ROCK.
One of the most reassuring facts of the present crisis
Is the evidence of business stability shown by the stok
market. After a momentary flurry on the New York
exchange, the market, steadied, ;nil prices started up.
There has since been a steady and impressive rise iu all
standard Americau securities.
Along with this rising market there has been revealed
au uushakcu confidence and cheerfulness on the part
of tiuaucieif. Nobody is uorriug about American ircoii,
auy more thau aluut American industry.
And why should auylxdy worry? Our big uiaoufa'tijr
ing industries are running at record capacity, with orders
booked far ahead. Tiie domestic demand alone seems
n!ough to keep them busy. And if wtir comes, our gov
ernment's purchases added to those or the belligen nt
powers v ill make (lie foreign demand prea'er than ever.
War. iu:,te:jd of pyryKzJiii; lnj; ilii-i s. w:iW 1m- ;i jiom ci rijJ
t-tiuiulus
TWO COMMISSION GOVERNMENTS.
Three years ago two Ohio cities, Springfield and San
dusky, adopted the commission form of government. Ths
former city seems pleased with the change. The latter
doesn't.
, A Cleveland newspaper, seeking the reason for thq
success of the experiment in Springfield, says: "It is
agreed thai this is largely due to the character of the
men holding the positions of city commissioners and that
of city manager." The investigator adds: "Every head
of a department and every man in each branch of the
municipal government co-operates in getting the work
done on time. They all work just like one big family,
and they all have a system of work which is carried out
each day on business principles."
All through the Springfield experiment there is visible
business not politics.
Sandusky, on the contrary, according to the Sandusky
Register, "started with four politicians on the board
and ever since there has been trouble." Of the five com
missioners elected to operate the new system one "had
snade his living fof years in politics," two "had played
the game for years as leaders of factions in their part
ies," one "blew into Sandusky to right the wrongs of
society and incidentally life himself iuto a political job
with a salary attached," and only one man was beyond
the suspicion of putting partisan politics aud personal
interest ahead of the public interest.
As the Register remarks, "a blind man can see why
Sandusky has made a failure of commission government
and Springfield a success of it.'" No form of government
will work right unless the right men are chosen to run it.
YOUR HOUSE TO WARMTH AND CHEER IT GIVES
W MMMWbsWBsMt'
Comfort
WHERE YOU WANT IT
WHEN YOU WANT IT
LIGHTS AT THE FLASH OF A MATCH CONNECTS
BY A FLEXIBLE METALLIC TUBE AND CAN BE
EASILY MOVED FROM ONE ROOM TO ANOTHER.
MM
IReliab!
31
QUICK SAFE CLEAN
Prices $2.75 to $7.00
mm rn
13 LULL
MPRfivrfl
DAY AT PHOEM
the "proposed increases were voted
, down.
i, (By. Review Leased Wire Nothins has been finally decided
PflOENIX. Feb.' 12. The house ; upon by the committee which keeps
committee of the whole continued to- "referring back" to sub-divisions thai
cay the iVnsideration of the general had been passed over and agreed upon.
appropriation bill. Until the middle, A half dozen new bills were vti 'ated towns in counties of the first,
of the afternoon the committee in-, duced. The more important ones ! second and third classes,
creased almost every item but later i were: ! By Perkins, of Yavapai, approDriat-
By McCormick. of Gila, providing ing $5,000 to brine the pay of members
for concurrent jurisdiction by police ; of the national guard up ta that of
courts and justice courts in incorpor-; federal soldiers.
" 5 "
ARTHUR L. FLAGG,
Consulting Engineer and Ceneral Manager of the
PAY
COPPER CO.
Reports to the-Company's Directors on progress of mine development
as follows:
"Within the past sixty days 180 feet of development work has
been done in driving tunnels. Out cf this ISO feet,
ONE HUNDRED AND SIXTY FEET HAS BEEN
IN ORE,
occurring as chalcopyrite associated with pyrite in a light colored
schist. This ore is persistent in all the workings.
Over a mile of substantial road has been constructed, connecting
the property with the county reads to allow of drilling rigs being
placed on the ground.
Two houses have been constructed on the Company's townsile.
An adequate supply of pure whi-T for domestic purposes has been
developed, which will Ik1 piped for gravity flow to t ho townsite.
The result of development work has been eminently satisfactory,
in that it bears out predictions m; de for the future of the property by
its engineers.
Drilling to determine quantity and quality of ore at depth will bo
commenced just as soon as machinery can be placed on the ground.
The Management aud Stockholder.) of the Great Ray have good reason
for elatiou over the outlook for tie property".
Tiie Company's stock is sclliug for GO cents per share.
Leave subscriptions with
! ?
(fSswr-orTw
L. J. OVERLOCK
Bisbee.
and SMITH & MACGREGOR,
Lowell.
With Money
That's the way wealth has been gained ever since the
world started.
Every dollar you deposit at Our Savings Depart
ment is making money for you with the four per cent
interest which this bank allows.
Get your savings account started and MAKE IT
GROW!
Citizens Bank & Trust Company
Main Street Bisbee, Arizona
Will E. McKee, President C A. McDonald. Cashier.
C. W. Wolf, Assistant Cashier.
HORSES WANTED.
According to expert horse dealers, anybody who ex
pects a slump in the horse market in the immediate
future is going to be mighty mistaken.
The automobile, despite its rapid multiplication, popu
larity and usefulness, is not yet displacing the horse, any
more than it has displaced the bicycle. We have ex- I
rted 1,000,000 horses aud mules to Kuropc during th" i
war. The foreign demand continues strong, and the de:il- j
crs foresee a greatly iucreased demand when peace ;
conies.
There has liceu an euoruious depletion of the horse
population in the lelrlgerent countries. The number lost
in military service is estimated at 10,000,000. The best
animals have been taken by the army, and they don't
last long. England, France, Uclgium, Germany and
Austria are said to be nearly stripped of work horses.
Russia is the only belligerent able to supply her own
needs. In the reconstruction jieriod following the war,
horses, we are told, will 1m- in greater demand than they
are now. livery farm will need them.
Not more than l per ccut of our rafiuers are raising
auy colts, fays the secretary of the I'ercherou Society of
America. He thinks the other SI per cent are making a
great mistake. Those who are raising horses for the
market are going to make money. It takes four or five
years to grow a horse of marketable age. t0 or three
jcar.i hence, be says, the majority of our farmers arc go
ing to wake up only to learn that a great opportunity has
passed.
lT uur
it
aJui'j-f in rt d:U I
It was a happy thought to turn over to Spiiin our
American interests in tlcrniany. The, Spanish govern
ineiit re;olily accepted id,, respim: ihiTity. And thu:. the
la; I poi iil'le bit of ill feeling from our puuh-li war I.
" u d tut
FOR
ea.
Aut
lie
OHIO
Service
GO TO
TIIE BEST EQUIPPED GARAGE
Our Mechanical Department Open Until 9 Every Night.
Wc Rebuild, Repair ancS Charge ALL MAKES OF
STORAGE BATTERIES.
BEST MACHINE SHOP IN THE DISTRICT.
Largest Stock of Tires a id Supplies in the Countyt
I.
BROPHY GARAGE & SUPPLY CO.
Lowe!! - Arizona.
V
X
v
Compound Interest is a powerful work
er. Every dollar will become TWO
DOLLARS if you simply leave it in this
Bank and give it the necessary time.
Open a Savings Account, and receive
4' r Compound Interest.
Bank with us
11
m
I
BENEFIT TO OUR CUSTOMERS
You will find it to your advantage to have
an account and Iran-ict your Kinking
business with us.
We have connections with the principle
commercial centers and give our custom
ers the benefits of our facilities.
Accounts subject to check are solicited.
I
REVIEW WANT MS ARE BUSINESS GFTIW THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY MOKNIKG, FEBRUARY 13, 1917.
HVE
PROGRESS DURING YEAR SHOWN
AT JUUHULT. l C. A. IEIUG
(Continued from Page Three.)
Membership Enrollment.
The separate building for the boys has solved many perplexing problems
and the work for the ensuing year
things, dear to the hearts of the boys,
the Boys Department aoes, oui lime loruius. us simpiy say. .wure
space for more boys" is the slogan of this department.
s On January first. 1916, the membership of the Association registered
1014. Shortly after the opening of the building in March the membership
committee decided to make the slogan of 1916 fifteen hundred members, and
by steady plodding day by day, week by week, an month by month, the goal
was accomplished on December 1st; the enrollment at that time showing
1541. On January 1st, 1917, the enrollment was 160S.
Arizona Heads List.
Association Men, the official organ of the Y. M. C. A. has recently issued
the results of a survey of the membership of the movement, giving statistics
by States on the ratio of the membership per thousand men in each State.
It is gratifying to note that Arizona, the youngest State, heads the list; 71
men out of every thousand in the State holding memberships in tiie Associr.
tion. The membership for the entire State is 3457. This includes Tucson.
Phoenix. Douglas. Miami, and Bisbee; and the most phenomenal thing is
that Bisbee is credited with 160S out of 3457; in other words is responsible
for 46 per cent of the splendid record made in the State.
In conclusion we are confident enough has been said to indicate the
spirit and scope of your association's work during these past twelve months.
It has been in many respects a wonderful year, and we look forward during
the coming days to even greater responsibilities and problems, and with
them the surely attending victories and achievements if we only continue to
pull together, and do the team work required to spell SUCCESS.
God has surely blessed us in our work together. May we not pray that
He will continue to add His blessings that we may all of us be equal to the
task of helping men and boys in the Warren District.
PROFESSOR IS SPEAKER.
The guest of honor and the principal speaker at the meeting was Dr.
R. B. Kleinschmidt, president of the Arizona State University, who addressed
the members on the association movement, speaking on the "Democracy cf
the Y. M. C. A." As usual. Dr. Von Kleinschmidt delighted his audience
with his words of wisdom and the versatile manner in which he expressed his
remarks.
The annual meeting was closed with a short prayer and benediction t
the Rev. John C. E. Fry.
WARREN MONUMENT
MAY BE DEDICATED
ON DECORATION DAY
. v. mcnester nepeating Arms Co. ot
Small Subscriptions Solicited xew Haven, employing more than 12,
by Elks' Committee With 000. has offered to place plant at iiv-
Which to Construct Memo-
rial to Discoverer.
At a meeting of a committee of
Elks Sunday morning, it was definite
ly decided to construct a monument
over the grave of George Warren, dis
coverer of this district, as soon as
possible. Chairman Jimmie Allison,
of the committee, has written to sev-
ui iuc vujiiih--, " -...-.w.. asnm.eioii special sis i i"im-ui
eral architects for designs and noPes Wilson will probably soon inforni en
fo see work on the memorial started ( tente anjes of his determination to
within a few days. The cemetery
commission has been requested to set
aside a plot about 25 feet square in
which to nlace the monument A
huge copper plate engraving of War- j
ren will be pft i d on one side of the j
mouuiutat. I
Chairman Allison said last niyht ! c 1
that the committee hoped to be able Pimples are impurities oeek
to dedicate the monument either m ! jnr an ouJet Through
Decoratioa day. May 30, or on the ;!,: pnPs
Sundav following, in order' that every-j Kln r.e, r
body be given the opportunity to at ! s'ores and boils usuull, re-
;tend the ceremonies. Both the C. & Ult from tox.ns. poisons and m.?
A. and Copper Queen bands will prob- ;-' which a re. generated .a the boe o
"ably play at the dedication and a go'od 'and then absorbed into the blood
public speaker will deliver the main through the very ducts winch shou d
y", v I absorb oniv nourishment to sustain
address. j a
"We are 'anxious to get lots of small : tlie bwl- . : i.. t.,
contributions," said Allison, "rather It is the function of he k tlnej.s t
than a few large ones. Although we'""" nnpunties r.-om tne blood am
have alreadv had several big sums of- l ' th 'u of rm'; h
' - . . 1 in nunc in;iun.-es the bowels create
forprl ns we have decided that it
would be much more appropriate to
have the contributions be small, in
order that a large number of people
may subscribe. In fact, the monu
ment should represent the entire dis
trict and not merely a few who could
afford to erect it without any help
from the public."
Oniv One "Brotno Quinine"
Whenever you feel a cold coming on.
I
r r Tuva TTTrr? I 1 III ft "in "-' ll m
think of the full name LAXATIVE . . the ,t a,so
BROMO QTJINIXE. Cures a Cold in one ( stilliulat(.s Uw kidneys to normal ac
day. Cures Grip in two days. Look for tivity, thus coaxing them to filter the
signature of E.W. Grove on the box. 25c .blood of impurities and charing the
: skin of pimples.-
Coalition Cabinet for United States Jad Salts is inexp.nsive, harmless
discussed in Wash-land
is already beinf
ington.
BAD BREATH
Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets Get tti
the Cause and Remove It
Dr. Edwards' Ulivc Tablets, tlx sub
stitute for calomel, act gently on the
bowels and positively do the work.
People afflicted with bad breath fiw!
. quick relief through Dr. Ivdwards'
- Olive TaMcts. The pleasant, sugar
coated tablets are taken for Lad breath
by all who know them.
Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets act Rea
lly but firmly on the bowels and liycr,
stimulating them to natural action,
clearing the blood and gently purifying
the entire system. They do that which
dangerous calomel docs without any of
the lad after effects.
All the benefits of nasty, sickening
'prlpttig cathartics arc derived from Dr
Edwards' Olive Tablets without grip
ing, pain or any disagreeable effects.
- Dr. F. M. Edwards discovered the
iirniula aftrr wrnlrprt vrars of !raC-
ticc among patients afflicted with 1kwc1
and liver complaint wiui tnc auciiuuiu
brea'li.
Dr. Edward Olive TaMcts arc pure
ly a vrgrt able compound mixed wi'h
olive oil ; you will know thcia by their
olive color. Take one or l every
night for a week ami Hole the cll'cct.
lUc and -5c per box. All druggists.
If You Want to Know
jtsk sAsit
looks indeed promising. Many other
mig.'it be mentioned here to show what
ALLEN'S FG0TEASE DOES IT.
When your shoes pinch or your corns and bun
ions mchc so that you are tired ail over, got Alien'
Foot Ee, the antimptic powder to be shaken
inio the shoe and sprinkled in the f oot-tuth. 1 1 iji
take the suns out of corns and bunions and pive
instant relict to Tired, Arhine, Swollen, Tlider
feet Over ion.'"1 packages are Seine listed by the
German and Allied tnxps at the front Sold
everywhere, 3c Vont accept any oniMtitnM.
kE BM ti BSE
JWi El Sl)S5T2IwT$
... . . nn.Mnnl
adhere to strict neutrality
RECIFE TO CLEAR
A PIMPLY SKIN
in manv instances the bowels create
more toxins and impurities -than the
kidneys can eliminate, then the blood
uses the skin pores as the next best
means of getting rid of these impuri
ties which often break out all over
itie skin in the form 'or pimples.
The surest way to clear the skin of
' these eruptions, says a i.'jled author
ity, is to cct from any pharmacy about
ir T ..! ..1. ..M.t -.'., -J
Iiour ounces oi ju oum nu .
tablespoonful in a glass of hot water
mornlne before breakfast for one
t. T 1. 1 i 1 1 sr. fi.i-i.nf tUil f rkftl I a.
is made from the acid of grapes
and lemon juice, combined wiin uiiua.
Here you have a pleasant, effen escent
drink which usually makes pimples
disappear: cleanses the brood and is
excellent for the kidneys as well.
(Advertisement)
Honolulu dispatch says that Japan
ese leaders are preparing in event of
declaration of war to olTer servii-es of
lo.tMUl men to America.
Like anOp-2iiBcok
Forl&imoMothefs!
Iost women lools
upon becoming a
mother, for the first
time, as something
full of unknown
mysteries; agony
and pain; a time of
distressing days and
months. 'J )e ar misguided con
clusions. "Mother's Friend." used
diily befel l eiifiii-ment. will pru
its sre.it vii'.ti" as an nV.xy to thos-n
distressing pains and assist nature in
doing lis r.ork wih eas aud comfort.
G-t. "Mother's Friend" at jour drug
gist.
The yoiin mother should become
aeqainted with Hie Itiformalion c(i
taincd in a book on Motherhood that
v. ill be maile d fre to all v jj write.
Address
The rra.ificl.l Ir-ulntor Co.,
L'l 1 I ..-Ml:l r Itl.lg..
Atl.Miia. G.
PAULINE FREDERICK
IS STAR PRESENTED
AT CENTRAL TONIGHT
"Ashes and Embers", Famous
Players Feature, with Miss
Frederick Will Be Attrac
tion at Lowell Tonight.
Some time ago Pauline Frederick,
the celebrated emotional star, declar
ed that she wanted to play a sympa
thetic role and was starred by the
Famous Players Film Company in an
adaptation of Clyde Fitch's "The Wo
man in the Case" in which she scored
a great personal success. Now the
great Famous riayers star has another
still n.'jre wonderful opportunity ol
displaying her remarkable skill and
versatility for in that company's pro
duction, "Ashes of Embers," which is
the Paramount Picture at the Central
theatre, Lowell, today. The beautiful
emotional actress who made "Zaza"
and "Bella Donna." live on the screen,
appears in the dual roles of tw in sis
ters who are absolutely opposite in
character.
The "Jne, Agnes, is a sweet-laced
self-sacrificing drudge. The other.
Laura, is totally without conscience
and so utterly selfish that she even
steals from the department store cash
drawer of which Agnes has charge in
order to get money for a dress. As
a result ot tnis melt Agnes is seni
to jail where she is completely for
gotten by Laura who has used the
dress in luring an infatuated million
aire int'j proposing to her.
It is in the development of these
two obsolutely different personalities
upon the screen that the great genius
jt Miss Frederick is displayed. With
jdst a few touches of make-up w:th
hich to give the different underlying
expressions of sweetness and brutali
ty to her face in repose. Miss Fred
ericks interprets the two roles witti
marvelous skiil. This is tiie sort '.)f
ditlicult histronic work from which
many of the stage celebrities shrank
when they came to the motion picture
studios because they feared they would
not be able to do themselves justice.
In the case Miss Frederick, however,
is was merely a matter ot using the
same superb intelligence which had
a on her fame as -i;n c. national actress
The dramatic genius which created
"Innocent" and Zuleika in "Joseph and
His Brethren" on the stage and "Zaza"
"Eella Donna' and other great drama
tic roles on the screen need not
shrink from the difficulties involved in
playing dual roles on the screen. Miss
Frederick, in fact, has already shown
her remarkable skill in this work in
another Famous 'layers picture, "The
Spider," m which she played double
roles.
"Allies 'of Embers," by the way, is
the first production in which Miss
Frederick has starred since sighing
her two-jc-ar contract with the Fam
ous Piajers, by the terms of which
she abandons the stage for at least
another two years. Produced under
the direction of Joseph Kaufman, this
great drama by Forrest Halsey is sure
to prove one of the biggest successes
ever sV.'jwn at the Central, where it
will be the featured attraction today.
Among those who appear in support
of Miss Frederick in this production
are Earl Fox, Frank Losee, Maggie
Hallov.ay Fisher, Herbert J. Flank
and Jay Wilson.
WHEN MARRIAGE io A FAILURE.!
Surely marriage is a failure when
its essential purp'jse, the raising of a !
family of children, proves impossible. ;
In the childless home the married 1
pair, though sometimes more or les I
unconscious of the lact, grow disap
pointed and lonely. Lacking the beat
tie to hold them together they are
likely to dritt apart, thence many sep-!
arati'ons and divorces.
If every wife, whose physical state j
prevents motherhood, would but try j
that great remedy, Lydia E. Pinkham's j
Vegetable Compound, there would be
far fewer childless homes. I
(Advertisement) J
LILLIAN GJSH WEARS j
ELEGANT JEWELRY IN !
HER LATEST PICTURE
... 1
"Diane of the Follies" At the
Orpheum Theatre, One of j
the Best Features Ever Pre-
rfol l Tl-.'c P!3V!n t
In "Diane of the Follies.'
appearing
Cish. of Ihe Triangle Fine Arts studio,
wears more than f7f.(M0 worth of jew
els. KurL-lar.s may as well aive up plan
ning to mil the liisb home, however,
as the lari-r part of the jewels do not
belong to Miss tlish. but were loaned
to her by I lie I'-iock Jewelery company
ol Los Aiieleb. e.-pci i'llly lor the lilni
iu:; of. tlii- picture.
A pearl He. k hire worUl:!!!." in:;-
allied at $T.i'ii. a eoniel of peans
climated at $.'. ami bracelets ;.ei.
v U i j i:j ' i. UJ lo lie; amount of ::.i"i
are anion:' ihe eolierl ton of jremn
nlule Miss (iisliV o'a n diiimoiids and
pearls are allied at. about H".ti')
In liiain' of the Follies'" Mis.s tluli
appears in nineteen dillcreiil creations
pail of ihem Miiiable to her poll roy
al of a chorus fill, and the others be
lilting her position in society as the
'vile 'f miilinmiire.
'I'lie borrow cd jewels were taken
i.' h u:0i t-J tl.. d po.it d-M ci t-i
Ir
Now
P - E - R
Three
FOR THOSE CANDIDATES IN THE REVIEW CONTEST WHO BEST BATTLE AGAINST
OBSTACLES AND THE WEAKNESS OF DISCOURAGEMENT
" J F ir f V
THE GRAND CAPITAL PRIZE IS THIS MAGNIFICENT AND LUXURIOUS CHANDLER TOURING CAR, PURCHASED FRC
THE CHANDLER-MAXWELL AUTO CO.. THROUGH THEIR AGENT, STEWART GRANT OF LOWELL. THE CAR IS A PERFECT
MACHINE IN EVERY RESPECT, OF THE MOST MODERN TYPE, AND IS ON INSPECTION AT ALL TIMES AT BOWEN'S CARAGE.
IT WAS PURCHASED AT A COST OF $1,545.00.
- : j-
' Gpportamties
jewelry store in order that Miss I'.ish j
uiiht be relieved 1 the responsiiuiuy
of them.
cmo rftTAflRH? flPFN
j NOSTRILS A,D HEAD
t Savs Cream ApplieI "in Nostril
! ICclicvcs Hcad-C'old.-i at Once.
a your nostrils arc doeil and oim
head is rtuljcd and jou can't breathe
freely beeaui c a ol 1 of caMrrh. just
1.1 small b.'tlleol Lly's fleam lA'I'n
at. any diu: st-ue. Applv a little of
this tra-rant. antisiptie ireaiu ''
o'ir nostrils ami let it. p'-minii"
Ihrouh eMTy Hi' passage of your bead,
soothing and liealin;; the inilamed.
swollen iiiui ous inenibr.ine and jou
kiM instant rclit r.
Ah: bow i:c.l it feels. Your U"s
trils are open, four head is clear, no
more hawking, Miiuffliiif:. blowlnj;; no
inure headache, drjness or slruKKliiin
f- .- brcnth. K1;. V t'iwa Halm is just
what sufferers from bead cold and ia
.'j u- d. I'.':, j d-lv !'!
Comes
- S - E - V - E -
Big Ant
IKSHJw1
THE SECOND GRAND P RIZE, A STUDEBAKER SEVENPA5EKC ER TOUFINC CAR PURCHASED FROM
THE BISBEE AUTO COMPANY AT A COST OF $1,030.00 GOES TO THE CANDIDATE WHO HAS THE SECOND
HIGHEST VOTE ON MARCH 24TH IT IS AS FULLY EQUIPPED AS ANY 55.000 MACHINE, AND ITS POPU
LARITY IS BEST TOLD BY THE NUMBER OF STUDEBAKESS USED IN THIS SECTION.
it J I -
mm
THE THIRD GRAND PRIZE, IS THE POWERFUL CHEVROLET WHICH
WAS PURCHASED FROM R. B. KREBBS, AGENT. TOMBSTONE. IT IS A
COMFORTABLE CONVEYANCE. SOLID IN CONSTRUCTION AND AS POWER
FUL AS ANY CAR EVER TURNED OUT OF AN AUTOMOBILE MANUFAC
TURING CONCERN. IT WAS PURCHASED AT A COST OF $650.00. AND TO
GETHER WITH THE FIRST TWO PRIZES IS ON DISPLAY AT BOWEN'S
GARAGE.
JlhxL risLa
"THE SCARLET OATH"
AT ROYAL THEATRE
Excellent World Feature Will
Be Seen at the Royal This
Evening.
tMie day a 1 1 lend calls ami shows
lliein ,i newspaper. tl;a discover
tli.it her si: i- r ui.i is soon to marry
an Ameriean.
I ll M I'Oillpl 'lills Hi it 1 Hot I II!
or .Nlll.l 'o ell,' S" l!M. Il happtlo-:.;.
.Ilo ltp.ie-j ii'le .lie ;.:n rihees lnT
lite to Hie '.! i: e ol .NltlVslll
Thru l ille be:;Ui'- to weac the lite
ee:.es of tin.- twin sistels who h.ie
been separated or twt-ntv years, closer
together. tMie sister lakes 'rile Scar-h-t
Dath" and plans 'r the deatli of
ihe man who was itspoiiihh for her
aiotln r'.- ibatli. Tl-e daal io;e of Hie
twin sisiers j:ies Hail Kane Hi,- best
.............. I- . j;.- : el Tl,j
ihe
R-A-N-C-E
obile
om
- " -
'W'WM'
-CstV-
play will bo the attraction at the lloy.il
theatre today.
.MEXICAN TROOPS BATTLT
WITH ALLEGED SMUGGLERS
LOl'tiLAS. Feb. l:. cowboys,
believed to he .Mexicans, are under ar
rest together w;i!i lie !uim!red bead
of cattle tl.ey wen- ilriinu toward the
i onler, south of Haclula. N. M . ac
io:i:iiij; to in oltieinl message receiv
ed in Ai::iit i'riei.i liom M i.nn- I'atri-
Distinct
RhsuKiisin ieiiid ns Kipped k Ths Bud
Phounj.itism in Ii cirly .-'.ice., m-'y; with L'r'f A wbi.h, if not rdi-
i elude you into brltov tnp that it io a
tii. ca. e ot a jnnTiy tocai hm-i i m
rary rature. Beyond a slight numb
Iics5 cf the limbs and p.mis i l t!v
ioints or back, thcro tr.ay l c no out -
varr1 in, tic. it ions i f it. but if X'O" 1 '
rot heed the.-c uarnir.ps. or if ve iot tins Hood to Us noiaial, viporous
lc'.f upon liniments to cure you, it ill condition, which can be accomplished
J . ... ... .... i J o o o .u..
prow rnil(Uy xeore iinu! vee ii:t oi i y iunihk - l:IC uiuaioo
ICheuni.'itism in iis rit v i.'lent. feirn. 1 1 rrnedy f.r rheumatic trouble. Our
Ihese symptoms. niiU ia the bee.in- JJcilical Iepartnient is at the ii.-r-al
jiinp but growinp steadily worse, indi-'of all users of S. S. S. Swift Specific
talc h;-t ye'T H -'.-J . i"mrcr;nitc J H'o , o'.'j t:i''t A'brti, (.
Test
s
I - - ' - ', -
i i; Garcia, coiuniandin- the Mexican
lordiT patrol. He now is ecroutc to
As mi I'rieta with the pri.-oncrs auj
lattle. he said.
liarciu said the men were trying u
drive the cattle across the intirna
lieual I oumlary w ijout payinn duty.
II.- and his lone of lifty men ir' at
t.uketl twice by a lari;e party of Am
erican anil Mexican cowboys, tie re
ported. I at rcjeilsed both attacks.
rated, win nuiiamin.iic your cnnii
. y -tcni. ine rc: ijft.s wiii re racking
pains ia the joints, muffles! and imile.
ihrenic stenuuh troubled ,aml a lai;
h liver.
The or.'y relief is in the rcbtoration SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 13, 1917.
COLLINS
and
RRETHERTON
Specializing in
AND
JACK BUILDING,
MAIN ST. PHONE 26
IN THE UNITED STATES LAND
OFFICE.
Phoenix,' Arizona, Feb. 10. 1917.
Notice of AoDlication for Patent Sur
vey No. 1898, Serial No. 031241.
Notice is hereby given that Copper
Queen Consolidated Mining Company,
a corporation organized under the
laws of the State of New York, and
lawfully engaged in the transaction
of its' corporate business in the State
of Arizona, by G. H. Dowel!, its Gen
eral Manager and Attorney in Fact,
whose post office address is Douglas,
Cochise County, Arizona, has made
apolication for patent for the 'Hava
na" lode, situate in Warren Mining
District, Cochise County, State of Ari
zona, and is more fully described as
to metes and bounds by the official
plat herewith posted, and by the field
riOtes of survey thereof, filed in the
office of the Register of the Cuited
States Land Office, at Phoenix, Arizo
na, which field notes of survey de
scribe the boundaries and extent of
said claim on the surface, with mag
netic variation of 12 30' East as fol
lows: "Havana" Lode
Beginning at Cor. No. 1. whence U.
S M. M. No. 1. Warren Mining Dis
trict bears R. S9 If E. 2373.3 feet;
thence N. 7S 12' V. 254.4 feet to
Cor. No. 2; thence S. 10 33' W.
252.4 feet to Cor. No. 3; thence S. 78"
12' E. 261.1 feet to Cor. No. 4: thence
X. O" 56' W. 243.4 feet to Cor. No. 5;
thence X. 84 34' E 43.8 feet to Cor.
No. 1. the place of beginning, exclud
ing, however, from said described
area the area of .057 acres in con
flict with "Webster'" lode. Survey
13S7.
The net area of said "Havana" lode,
for which patent is applied, exclusive
of area in conflict with "Webster"
lode. Survey 13S7 is 1.313 acres.
The adjoining and conflicting claims
are the "Molvina" lode. Survey No.
S59: "Copper Kinr;" lode. Survey No.
87.": "Webster" lode. Survey No.
13S7; and "Al Hassen" lode, Survey
Xo. 13S7.
Any and ell persons claiming ad
versely the mining ground, vein, lode,
premises, or any portion thereof,
so described, surveyed, platted and
applied for, are hereby notified that
unless their adverse claims are duly
filed, accoiding to law and the regu
lations thereunder, within the time
prescribed by law, with the Register
of the United States Land Office, at
Phoenix. Maricopa County. Arizona,
they will be barred by virtue of the
provisions of said statute.'
J. L. IRVIN.
Register of the United States
Land Office, Phoenix, Arizona.
First Publication Feb. 13, 1917.
Last Publication April 24. 1917.
IN THE UNITED STATES LAND
OFFICE
Phoenix. Arizona. Feb. 10, 1917
Notice of Application for Patent, Sur
vey No. 1920, Serial No. 031242.
Notice is hereby given that the Cop
per Queen Consolidated Mining Com
pany, a corporation organized under
the laws of, the State of New York,
and lawfully engaged in the transact
ion of its corporate business in the
State of Arizona, by G. H. Dowell, its
General Manager, and Attorney in
Fact, whose post office address is
Douglas. Cochise County. Arizona,
has made application for patent for
the "Midget" lode, situate in Warren
Mining District, Cochise County.
State of Arizona, and is more fully
described as to metes and bounds by
the official plat herewith posted, and
by tiie field notes of survey thereof,
filed In the office of the Register of
the United States Land Office, at
Phoenix, Arizona, which field notes
of survey describe the boundaries and
extent of said claim on the surface,
with magnetic variation of 12 30'
East as follows:
"Midget" Lode
Beginning at Cor. No. 1. whence U.
S M. M. No. 4.- Warren Mining Dis
trict bears S. 78 06' E. 4462.8 feet;
thence N. 34 36' W. 74.5 feet to Cor.
Xo. 2: thence S. 80 51' W 3871 feet
to Cor. Xo. 3: thence S. 34 36' E.
RS.53 feet to Cor. No. 4; thence N.
7S 57' E. 381.25 feet the place of be
ginning, excluding, however, from
said described area 0 024 acres in
conflict with "Macomb" lode, Survey
Stocks
No. 1 : also 0.404 acres in conflict
wiih "Golden Oiiic" lode. Survey No.
S43.
The net area of said "Midget" lode,
for which patent is applied, exclusive
of said are;;s in conflict is 0.226 acres.
The adjoining aw! conflicting 1 laitns
M.- ihe "Ilciidrii lis," Survey No. L'lm;
"Copper Globe." Survey No. 1:146;
"Gulden Gate," Survey No. S43;
"Macomb." Survey No. 1S90; "Back
Pone." Survey No. 13S7; and "Twi
light." Survey No. 13S7.
Any iind all persons claiming ad
versely th' niiiiinsr gionnd. vein. lode,
premises, or any portion thereof, so
described, surveyed, platted and ap
plied for. are hereby notified that nn
b ss their adverse claims f.re duly
filed, according to law and the regula
tions thereunder, within the time pre
f. ribi-d by law, with the Register of
the- United S4a:es 'Land Office, --it
Phoenix. Maricopa County, Arizona,
they will be barred by virtue of the
provisions of said statute.
J. L IRVIN.
Register of the United States
I-and Office. Phoenix, Arizona.
Hrst Publication Feb. 13. 1917.
Last Publication April 24, 1917.
STATE OF ARIZONA
Office of the
Arizona Corporation Commission
United States of America.)
) ss.
State of Arizona )
The Arizona Corporation Commis
sion does hereby certify that the an
nexed is a true and complete tran
script of the
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
OF
GOLDEN CROWN MINING. MILLING
AND SMELTING COMPANY
which were filed in the office of said
Arizona Corporation Commission on
the 22nd day of January A. D. 1917,
at 10:00 o'clock a. m., as provided by
law.
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF. The
Arizona Corporation Commis
sion, by its Chairman, has here
unto set its hand and affixed
(Seal) its Official Seal. Done at the
City of Phoenix, the Capital,
this 22nd day of January A.
D. 1917.
Arizona Corporation Commission.
F. A. JONES.
Attest: . Chairman.
W. X. SAXGSTER.
Secretary.
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE
PRESENTS, That we. the undersign
ed, have this day associated ourselves
together for the purpose of forming
a corporation under and pursuant to
the Laws of the State of Arizona, and
for that purpose do hereby adopt arti
cles of Incorporation as fo'lows:
Article 1. The name of this Cor
poration shall be the GOLDEN
CROWN MINING. MILLING AND
SMELTING COMPANY.
Article II. The principal piaee of
.Usiness of the Corporation within che
.State of Arizona, shall be in the Here
ford Mining District in Cochise Coun
ty, and the principal place of transact
ing business outside of the State of
Arizona shall be at Chicago, Illinois.
and such Other places as the Board
of Directors may determine, where
meetings of Directors may be held
and all business transacted.
Article III. The General nature of
the business proposed to be transact
ed is to make contracts, to purchase.
lease, option, locate or otherwise ac
quire, own, exchange, sell Or other
wise dispose of, pledge, mortgage.
hypothecate and deal in mines, mining
claims, mineral lands, coal lands, oil
lands, timber lands, real and personal
estate, water, water rights and to wOrk.
explore, operate and develop the same
and to extract any and all minerals
thereof; to purchase, lease or Other
wise acquire, erect, own. operate or
sell smelting and ore reduction works,
oil refineries, saw mills and power
plants; to do a general real estate.
manufacturing and mercantile busi
ness; to own. handle and control let
ters patents and inventions and shares
of its own capital stock and that of
other corporations, and to cancel and
re-issue shares of its own capital
stock; to issue bonds, notes, deben
tures and other evidence of indebted
ness and to secure the payment of the
same by mortgage deed of trust or
otherwise; to act as agent, trustee,
broker, or in any other fiduciary cap
acity; to borrow and loan money, and
in general to do and perform sucb
acts and things and transact such
business, not inconsistent with law, in
any part of the world as the Board
of Directors may deem to the advant
age of the corporation. I
Article IV. The authorized amount
of capital stock of this corporation
shall be One Million ($1,000.000 00)
dollars, divided into One Million
shares of the par value Of One Dollar
($100) each. At such time as the
Board of Directors may by resolution
direct, said capital stock shall be
paid into this Corporation, either in
rash or by the sale and transfer to it
of real or personal property, contracts,
services Or any other valuable right
or thing for the use and purposes of
said Corporation, in payment for
which, shares of the capital stock of
said Corporation may be issued, and
the capital stock so issued shall
thereupon and thereby become and be
fully paid up and nOn-assessable for
ever, and in the absence of actual
fraud in the transaction the judgment
of the Directors as to the value of the
property purchased shall be conclu
sive.
Article V. The time of the com
mencement of this Corporation shall
be the date of the filing of a certified
ropy of these articles Of Incorpora
tion in the office of the Corporation
Commission of Arizona and the ter
mination thereof shall be twenty five
years 1 hereafter, with the privilege of
renewal as provided by law.
Article VI. The affairs of this Cor-
!pomtion shall be conducted by a
Board of Directors, and such officers
a:; Hie Directors may elect or appoint,
land the following name,! shall consti
tute the Board of Directors until I heir
'successors are elected and have quail
'fied: MAX RITTKR VON BAUM
IkIRCHNKR, FRANK PESKA, JAMES
I CARNEY. ROBERT WALKER, and
jCORA. VON BAU.MKIRCHNER. There
1 after the LOnrd of Directors shall be
elected from among the stockholders
at the annual Stockholders' meeting
to be held on the First day of March
of each year. The names of the of
ficers who shall have charge of the
Corporation affairs are: MAX RIT
TKR VON UAr.MRIKCll.NKK. presi
dent. CORA VON BAUMKlP.CHNER.
Treasurer, and FRANK PESKA. Sec-
Article VII. The Board of Direc
tors" shall have power to adopt an-
amend By-Laws for the government of
the corporation, to till vacancies Oc
curring in the Board from any cause,
and to appoint an Executive Commit
tee and' vest said committee with such
powers as they may determine.
Article VIII. The highest amount
of indebtedness or liability, direct or
contingent, to which this corporatiOf
shall be subject at any one time shall
be Ten Thousand ($10,000.00) Dollars.
Article IX. The private property
ti the Stockholders and officers of
this Corporation shall be exempt from
all corporate debts Of any kind what
soever. Article X. The names, residences
and post office addresses of the cor
porators are:
MAX R. V. BAUM KIRCHNER, Resi
dence Huachuca Mountains Hereford,
Arizona, FRANK PESKA, Office, 1409
Ashland Block. 155 N. Clark St., Resi
dence, 1539 N. Hamlin Ave., Chicago,
I1L '
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, We have
hereunto set our hands and seals this
15th day of January A. D. 1917.
MAX R. V. BAUM KIRCHNER (Seal)
FRANK PESKA (Seal)
State of Illinois,)
) ss.
COunty of Cook )
Before me, CALVIN M. GEORGE, a
notary public, in and for the State and
County aforesaid on this day person
ally appeared MAX R. V. BAUM
KIRCHNER and FRANK PESKA,
known to me to be the persons whose
names are subscribed to the forego
ing instrument, and acknowledged to
me tnat they executed the same for
the purpose and consideration there
in expressed.
Given under my hand and seal at
my office this 15th day of January A.
D. 1917.
CALVIN M. GEORGE,
(Notarial Seal) Notary Public.
My commission expires the 18th day
of September. 1918.
Filed in the office of the Ari
zona Commission this 22nd day of
Jan. A. D. 1917 at 10:00 A. M. at
request of FRANK PESKA, wtaose
post office address is 1409 Ashland
Block, Chicago, Illinois.
Arizona Corporation Commission.
By F. A. JONES,
Chairman.
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE
STATE OF ARIZONA, IN
AND FOR THE COUN
TY OF COCHISE.
In the Matter of the Guardianship
of the Estate of George Edgar Haw
kins, a Minor.
Order to show cause why order
of sale of real estate should not
be made.
IT APPEARING TO THIS COURT,
by the petition this day presented and
filed by R. A. BrethertOn, Guardian of
the Person and Estate of George
Edgar Hawkins, a minor, that it is
necessary to sell the whole of the real
estate of said minor, for the reason
that he has no other property, real or
personal, and that the property yields
no income whatever and said minOr
has no income from any other source:
And that it is necessary to sell the
said minor's undivided thirteen-forty
eights (13-48) interest in and to the
"Little Casino" Lode Mining Claim,
situated in the Warren Mining Dis
trict, Cochise County. Arizona.
IT IS THEREFORE ORDERED BY
THIS COURT: That all persons inter
ested in the estate of said Minor ap
pear before the said Superior Court
on Saturday the 10th day of March.
A. D. 1917. at the hour of 10 00 o'clock
A. M., of saia day, at the Court room
of said Court at the Court house in
the City of Tombstone, Cochise County
5ate of Arizona, to show cause why
an order should not be granted to the
said petitioner to sell so much of the
said real estate as shall be necessary
and that a copy of this Order be pub
lished four successive weeks in the
Bisbee Daily Review, a newspaper
printed and published in the said
County of Cochise.
Dated February 3rd. 1917.
. ALFRED C. LOCKWOOD,
Judge of the Superior Court.
First publication Feb. 8, 1917.
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT
In the County of Cochise,
State of Arizona
In the Matter of the Estate and
Guardianship of Ellen Cunningham,
Mary I. Cunningham, Florence Cun
ningham, M. J. Cunningham. Jr., Fran
cis Cunningham and William Cun
ningham. Minors.
! Order to Show Cause Why Or-
der of Sale or Real Estate Should
Not be Made.
IT APPEARING TO THIS COURT,
by the petition this day presented and
filed by M. J. Cunningham. Guardian
of the persons and estates of the
above named minors thai it is for the
fiesl interests of the estates or the
above named minors to sell the whole
of the real estate of said minors, in
order that the proceeds thereof may
be invested in some productive stock
or pill out at interest.
IT IS THEREFORE ORDERED BY
THIS COURT: That all persons in
terested in the estate of said minors
appear before the said Superior Court
on Saturday, the 10th day of March.
A. I). 1917. at the hour of 10:00 o'clock
a. m., of said day, at the court room
of said Court, at the court house in
the city of Tombstone. Cochise Coun
ty. State or Arizona, to show cause
why an order should not be granted
to said petitioner, to sell so much of
the said real estate as shall be neces
sary and that a copy of this order bb
published four successive weeks In the
Bisbee Daily Review, a newspaper
print d and published in the said
County of Cochise.
Dated February 3rd, 1917.
ALFRED C. LOCKWOOD.
Judge of the Superior Court.
First publication Feb. 8. 1917.
STATE OF ARIZONA
office of the
Arizona Corporation Commission
United States of America.)
) ss.
State of Arizona )
The Arizona Corporation Commis
sion does hereby certify that the an
nexed is a true and complete tran
script of the
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
OF
"UNITED WARREN COPPER MIN
ING COMPANY"
which were filed in the office of said
Arizona Corporation Commission on
the 24th day of January. A. D. 1917. at
10:00 o'clock a. m., as provided by
law. IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF, The
Arizona Corporation Commis
sion, by its Chairman, has
hereunto set its hand and af
(Seal) fixed its Official SeaL Done
at the City of Phoenix, the
Capitol, this 24th day of Jan
uary, A. D. 1917
Arizona Corporation Commission
F. A. JONES.
Chairman.
Attest:
W. X. SAXGSTER,
Secretary.
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
UNITED WARREN COPPER MIN
ING COMPANY
KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE
PRESENTS:
That we, the undersigned, have vol
untarily associated ourselves together
for the purpose of forming a corpora
tion under the laws of the State or
Arizona;
AND WE HEREBY CERTIFY AS
"OLLOWS:
The name of the corporation shall
be the "EXITED WARREN COPPER
MINING COMPANY," and its princi
nal place of business shall be at Bis
bee. Cochise County, Arizona.
Article 1 The names, residences
and post .office addresses of the In
corporators are as follows: Paul P.
Lorenzen. whose residence is Bisbee,
Cochise County, Arizona; Charles H.
Me Keen, whose address is Bisbee, Co
chise County, Arizona: W. Grover
Johnson, whose address is Bisbee, Co
chise County, Arizona.
Article 2 The general nature of
the business to be transacted by this
corporation is as follows: (1) To
own, operate, acquire, buy, sell, lo
cate, denounce, patent, bond, lease,
mortgage, dispose of and control
mines, mining interests and proper
ties, and all rights, interests, ease
ments, privileges and franchises
thereunto in anyway appertaining.
(2) To acquire, buy, sell, conduct,
carry on, manage, control, rent and
lease mercantile establishments,
stores, depots and warehouses. (3)
To own. construct, build, buy, sell,
rent and lease all structures, build
ings and erections necessary or prop
er for the business of the corporation.
(4) To acquire by purchase or other
wise, own. conduct, lease, rent, ex
change, sell, mortgage, dispose of and
deal in smelters, mills, reduction
works, shaft and warehouses, store
houses and rooms, magazines, out
buildings, structures and erections of
every sort and character whatsoever,
necessary and proper in carrying on
the business of the corporation. (5)
To purchase, rent, own. buy, sell and
manufacture implements, tools, ma
chinery, supplies, tools and equip
ment, of every sort and character
whatsoever, for the working, develop
ment, exploration and maintenance of
mines, prospects and mining proper
ties, and the carrying on of the busi
ness of the corporation. (6) To ac
quire, hold, buy, sell, rent, lease,
mortgage, control and deal ,in real
property. (7) To buy, sell, raise, mar
ket, own, butcher and deal in cattle
and live stock and to manufacture and
deal in the products thereof. (8) To
construct, own, operate, and manage
railroads, tramways, turnpikes and
canals, leading from its principal
works and places of business to some
navigable stream, or to some existing
railroad, turnpike or public highway:
to own, acquire, construct, operate
and control irrigation ditches, dams,
flumes, drains and gateways. (9) To
buy, sell, rent, lease, mortgage, ex
change, till, cultivate and manage
farms and farm lands as the same
may become Incident and proper to
the business of the corporation.
(10) To construct, own, operate, con
trol and dispose of every character
of power plant, whether operated by
steam, electric. Mater or other power.
(11) To acquire, bold, own, pledge
and sell slock or shares of other cor
porations. (12) To issue, acquire, fake
hold, pledge, sell and deal in promis
or)' notes, drafts, bills of exchange
I and obligations of every sort and
character, provided that no obllgu
. lions of any character shall be issued
by this corporation in excess of the
j liability of the Company as herein
sef forth and as provided by law.
(13) To enter Into contracts or all
sorts, to lend or borrow money and
take or give security tor the pay
ment thereof. (14) To do any and all
things which a natural person might
and could do in the matter or the
transacting or the business or the cor
poration and in the promotion and
management of its interests.
Article 3 The amount of the capi
tal stock of this corporation shall be
ONE MILLION ($1,01.0,000.00) DOL
LARS, which shall be divided Into
One Million (1.000.000) Shares of the
par value or One Dollar ($1.00) per
share; which shares shall be and
must be fully paid up at the date of
the issuing thereof and shall be for
ever non-nsseswtble; but such ptock
may be paid for in money, services,
property, rights, easements, priviliges
or anything or value, and the judge
ment or the board of directors shall
be forever conclusive, both as to the
actual value of the said stock, and the
consideration paid therefore, in the
absence of fraud or any collusive,
agreement.
Article 4 The time or the com-
mencenient or this corporation shall
lie when these articles of incorpora-
1 tion shall be file dfor record In the
I office of the corporation commission
of the State of Arizona, at Phoenix,
I Arizona, a certified copy thereof re
corded in the office of the County Re
corder, of Cochise County, Arizona, at
Tombstone, Arizona, in which County
the principal place of business of the
corporation is to be and a certificate
of incorporation delivered to the cor
poration by the Corporation Commis
sion, of the State or Arizona,
The corporation . shall terminate
twenty-five years Trom the said date,
but it may be renewed from time to
time, for periods not exceeding twenty-five
years, when the taking of the
steps prescribed by law for such re
newal or renewals.
Article 5 The affairs of this cor
poration shall be conducted by a
board of three directors, but the num
ber constituting the board of directors
may be increased or diminished by
the vote of the stockholders at any
annual meeting or at any special meet
ine galled for that nnrnose.
The board of directors shall be
elected at the first annual meet ine of
j t stockholders of the corporation.
I which shall be. held at the principal
I place of business of the corporation.
Rt Bisbee. Cochise County. Arizona.
January First. 1918. and the members
of such board of directors shall be
elected annually thereafter at such
Annual meetings, to be held January
1 of each year.
The officers of the corporation
shall be a President, Vice-president.
Secretary and Treasurer, and the lat
ter two offices may be held by the
same person.
All vacancies in office may be filled
by the board of directors, and those
elected thereto shall hold office until
the next annual meeting.
Those who shall serve as the board
of directors until the first annual
meeting shall be Paul P. Lorenzen.
Charles H. McKeon and W. Grover
Johnson; and the officers to hold and
serve until that time shall be Paul P.
Lorenzen. President: Charles II. Mc
Keon, Vice-president; W. Grover
Johnson, Secretary-Treasurer. ,
j The highest amount of indebted
ness or uaoiiuy, uireci or tuiiiuifccui.
to which this corporation shall at any
time subject itself, shall, in no case,
be more than SIX HUNDRED SIXTY
SIX THOUSAND. SIX HUNDRED
SIXTY-SIX and 66-100 Dollars ($666,
666.66).
Article 7 The private property of
the stockholders of this corporation
is hereby expressly made and declar
ed exempt from all liability for cor
porate debts.
IX WITNESS WHEREOF we have
hereunto set our hands this the 22nd
day or January. 1917 A. D.
PAUL. P. LORENZEN,
President.
CHAS. H. McKEOX,
Vice-President.
W. GROVER JOHNSON.
Secretary-Treasurer.
State of Arizona)
) ss.
County or Cochise)
Berore me, Dan B. Seed, a notary
public, in and for Cochise County.
State or Arizona, on this day person
ally appeared Paul P. Lorenzen. Chas.
H. McKeon and W. Grover Johnson
personally known to me to be the per
sons whose names are subscribed to
the foregoing instrument and ac
knowledged to me that they executed
the same for the purpose and consid
eration therein expressed.
Given under my hand and seal of
office, this 23rd day of January. 1917.
(Notary Seal) DAN B. SEED,
Xotary Public.
My commission expires March 20.
1920.
Filed In the office of the Arizona
Corporation Commission this 24th day
of Jan. A. D. 1917. at 10:00 a. m. at
request of W. GROVER JOHNSON,
whose postoffice address Is Bisbee.
Arizona.
ARIZONA CORPORATION COM
MISSION, By F. A. JONES,
Chairman,
FOR
CARPENTER
CALL TEL. 506.
STATE OF MAINE
Certificate of Organization of a Cor
poration under the General Law.
The undersigned, officers of a cor
poration organized at Portland. Maine,
at a meeting of the signers of the
articles of agreement then-tore, duly
called and held at No. 95 Exchange
Street, in the City Of Portland. State
of Maine, on Tuesday, the twentieth
day or February, 1912, hereby certify
as follows:
The name of said corporation is
UNITED STATES SMELTING. RE
FINING AND MINING EXPLORA
TION COMPANY.
The purposes of said corporation
are: To examine, report upon, nego
tiate for. obtain options on and ac
quire, by purchase, grunt, concession,
location, lease or otherwise, in the
United States or in any other country
or nation' in any part of the world,!
any mines, quarries, mining rights.!
lands and privileges, including cOal
oil and gas lands, and any interest
therein, and to prospect, develop,
operate and turn to account all such
properties, lands, rights or privileges;
To engage in the business of mining,
nuarrvine. smelting, refining, dressing.
amaigamating, preparing for market
and manufacturing into merchantable
forms, materials, articles and things,
copper, gold, silver, lead, zinc, iron,
and ores, metals, mineral substances
and products Of all sorts, and to deal
in, and turn to account, such ores,
metals, mineral substances and pro
ducts; To examine, report upon, nego
tiate .for, obtain on and acquire, by
purchase or otherwise, and to build,
own, control and operate, mills and
works ror the crushing, sampling and i
treating or mineral substances and
mineral bearing ores, and ror the
smelting, reduction, extraction and re
fining or all kinds or minerals and
mineral bearing ores, and to buy, sell,
assay, smelt and treat such ores and
mineral substances, their products
and by-products, on its own account,
and as factor or agent lOr others, for
compensation, or on commission or
otherwise; and to engage in and carry
on a general Miieum aim rcu...uS p E rov, Brookline, Mass.. One
business, and a general metals buying p ThompsOn Winchester, Mass. One
and selling business in the various !john jurief Boston Mass.t Ono
parts and markets of the world; to ex- ;n p Swm.r, Portland. Maine. One
plore, acquire, own and dispose Of, , .- in tbe lrea8Urv unsuD.
develop, operate and turn to account. ; gcribed or 99J snares
forest and timber lands,; farming. ; said corporation is located at Port
agricultural, grazing or plantation ; ,and ,Q the Coun f Cum5erlamK
lands, or properties; to treat and Tne numbpr oC directors is seven
manufacture the products or said lands and thejr nampg R u carpenter,
into merchantable forms, articles and j p w uatcneider C A Hint P E.
things, and to buy. sell, and otherwise j R p Thompson," John Laurie
deal in, the products and by-products anj p 3wet.tser.
of all such business; To engage in, The nani3 f the r,erk u JL p
and carry on a general stores and Sweets,.r anU his resijence is Port
mercantile and supply business; for j jantl jiajm
dealing In provisions, materials. sup-J una'ersigned John Laurie is
plies and equipment of all sorts; To presi,,ent. the un,,ersiKneii H. P
lay out, develop and turn to account, ( Sweetser ,3 treasurer, and the uader
any lands that the company may own. , sine(l p Thompson. P. E. Coyle.
for building or other purposes, and tojJonn Lauie aii(, , p Mvectser are
erect, construct, own, operate and;a nlajorily of tu (lireftor3 of aM
manage, lease and dispose of dwel- ,.OI.Doration
ling-houses, boarding houses, stores,
offices, ware-houses, terminal facili
ties and similar property; To ex
amine, report upon, negotiate Tor and
acquire, by purchase, lease, conces
sion, grant or otherwise, and hold,
manage, control, develop, operate, sell
and dispose of, water rights, water
power, privileges and appropriations
for mining, milling, smelting and re
fining purposes, and Por irrigation,
agricultural, manufacturing and other
uses and purposes: and to construct,
acquire, own and operate, and dis
pose of, plants for utilizing and turn
ing to account said water rights and
water power, and for producing, 8n -
erating ana aistriDuting, tiecincai
and other power, and steam, electri
city and gas, ror heating, lighting and
other purposes; and to construct,
manage, operate and control, and to
aid in the construction or. roads, ways,
railroads, railways or tramways,
steamship or water transportation
lines, bridges, reservoirs, water-
courses, aqueducts, wharves, piers and
jetties, and similar works necessary
for, or incidental to. any of the com
pany's purposes, and to contribute to,
subsidize, or otherwise aid or take
part In, any such works or opera
tions; and to construct, aid in the
construction of. and Operate, telegraph
and telephone lines: PROVIDED that!ofnre
this company shall not engage in tne
construction and operation of rail
roads or railways, or aid in the con
struction thereof, or carry On the busi
ness of a telegraph or telephone com
pany, or a gas or electric company.
within the state of Maine, but said j
business of the construction and oper
ation of railroads. Or aiding in the con
struction thereof, and said telegraph
and telephone, gas and electrical busi
ness, shall be carried on in states and
jurisdictions other than the state or
Maine, but only in states and jurisdic-:
tions when and where permissible un- Endorsed:
der the laws thereor. To purchase. I I' NIT ED STATES SMELTING. RE
acquire by subscription or otherwise. FIN1NC AND MINING EXPLORA
and to hold lor investment or other-1 TION COMPANY,
wise, use, sell, assign, transfer, mort-j Cumbe-land, ss.. Registry of Deeds,
gage, pledge or otherwise dispose of. I Received February 23, 191S at 9 h.
any shares ot stock, bonds, securities "0m. A. M.
or other obligation or any other cor-1 Recorded in Vol. 46. Tage 67.
poration Or association or this or any
other state, territory of country, or
ganized for purposes similar to, or in I
any way auxiliary to the purposes, or!
any of them, herein contained: to nid
in any manner any such corporation
or association whose shares of stock.
bonds or other obligations are held by
this company, and to do any other
act or thing permitted by law for thet
preservation, protection. Improvement
lor enhancement of th value of such
! shares of stock, bond.-;, securities tr
other obligations, and to 1X0 any acts
or things permitted by law designed
, for such purposes; and While the
owner of such shares of .-.rt.i k. bond-.
securities or other obligations, to ex
ercise al! the rights, powers and
privileges of ownership, including the
right to vote thereon;. To acquire,
own and dispose of, mortgage and
fonvey, any and all property, within
or without the state of Mjine. real
or personal, necessary for, or inci
dental to, the purposes or this com
pany, or any or them, including pat
ents, patent rights, trade marks, copy
rights, trade names, and rights and pro
perty of a similar nature, and to use.
exercise, develop, grant licenses in re
spect of. or otherwise turn vt account,
any such trade marks, copyrights, pat
ents, patent rights, and rights and pro
perty of a similar nature; To issue from
ti'iie to time, when and as mey be con
venient tor the accomplishment ol the
purposes of this company, or aay of
them, bonds and other securities or
obligations of the corporation, and if
deemed advisable, to secure the sani.-s
by mortgage or deed of trust of any
:nt nil fYio rirnrtorl v rf f lia enrT.fi t i.n
T .;,. '
I the 0f anv t of th,
' . rtir .,,,, ,. K;
ties of any person, firm or corpora
tion, or association, carrying on any
business similar to any business whicn
this corporation is authorized to car
ry on; To do any or all of the above
things or any part thereof, as pricipnls.
agents, contractors Or otherwise, and
by or through agents or otherwise, and
to do any and all things necessary for.
or incidental to, the prosecution of
the purposes herein contained, or any
of them, and not inconsistent with
the laws of the State or Maine.
The amount of the capital stock Is
fifty Thousand Dollars ($50,000.).
The amount of common stock is
Fifty Thousand Dollars ($50,000 ).
The amount of capital stock already
paid in is Three Hundred Fifty Dol
lars ($350.).
The par value of the shares U Fifty
Dollars ($50.) each.
The names and residences of the
owners ot said shares are as follows:
No ot
Names.- Residences. Shares
E. L. Carpenter, Brookline, Mass. One
F. W. Butchelder. Weston. Mass., One
C. A. Hight Brookline, Mass., One
Witness our hands this twentieth
. day of February. A. D. 1912.
j John Laurie. President.
I H. P. Sweetser. Treasurer.
JOHN LAURIE )
P. E. COYLE )
E. P. THOMPSON ) Directors
H. P. SWEETSER. )
State of Maine, )
) ss.
Cumberland. )
Portland, February 20, 1912.
Then personally appeared P. E.
COYLE. E. P. THOMPSON. JOHN
LAURIE and .II. P. SWEETSER. and
severally made oath to the foregoing
jcertincate Ulat (he game ig true
Before me,
GEORGE E. FOGG.
Justice or the Peace.
State of Main
Attorney General's Office,
February 21, 1912.
I hereby certify that I have ex
amined the foregoing certificate, and
t lie same is nronerlv drawn and signed
an(, is confonuable"to the constitution
and laws of the State.
W. R. PATTANGALL.
Attorney General.
State of Maine
Office of Secretary of State. .
I hereby certify that the foregoing
i9 a ,rp c(,Dy froIn thw ret.ords of this
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF. I have
caused the seal of the State to be
hereunto affixed.
(Seal)
Given under my hand at Augusta, this
nineteenth day of January in the
year of our Lord one thousand nine
hundred and seventeen and in the
One hundred and forty first year of
the Independence of the United
States of America.
FRANK W. BALL.
Secretary of State.
Attest
FRANK L CLARK.
Register.
State of Maine
Otrice of Secretary of State
Augusta. Feb. 21.
Received and tiled this day.
1912.
Attest:
J. E. ALEXANDER,
Deputy Secretary of State,
Recorded in VoL 79, Tage 637. . i
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, ' TUESDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 13, 1917.
SEVEN
i
Review Want Ads
tdvertisementa under thk iead at the rate of 1 cent per word tor each
sue witt a minimum charg of 25 cents. Advertisements must reach Tb
t- office not tter ttan i p. m. tor insertion In the next morning pap-
Wanted
WANTED Chambermaid experienced
Lowell hotel. 399
WANTED Kooiub or unfurnished
house. II. H. R., Review. 518
WANTED Office boy, neat appear
ance. Phelps Dodge Mer. Co. 522
WANTED Boy to deliver errands
and learn the printing trade. Ap
ply business office Review.
WANTED To trade house and lot in
Hermosa Beach, California, for Bis
bee property. Box 277, Bisbee. 042
WANTED Capable, companionable
woman for housework in Don Luis,
small family. Inquire Y. W. C. A.
Bisbee. 336
WANTED At once. 3 girls for pri
vate families; 1 short order cook,
good wages. New Employment Of
fice, 85 Main St. 329
WANTED, BOARDERS Mrs. C. A.
Miller has taken over the Cottage
Boarding house and will run it as
a first-class eating place. Board
$1.00 per dav. Single meals, 35c.
402
Positions Wanted
Woman would like work in boarding
house. Can do anything. Box 71,
City. 522
Competent stenographer with excel
lent experience would - like employ
ment. References furnished. Please
apply P. O. Box 454 Bisbee. 517
WANTED Chauffeur wants to drive
private car. Can give best of ref
erences. M. A. W.f Review office.
390
WANTED Work, can do anything,
understand team, car driving, but
will do any kind of work. Address
Work, care of Review. 389
Furnished Room
FOR RENT--l housekeeping room 85
Main. 332
FOR RENT Room, No. 76 Tomb
stone Canyon, Bropliy car stop. 511
FOR RENT One man cabin, 176
Naco road. Holbrook stop. 355
FOR RENT House and furniture for
sale. R. E. Lane, Bakerville. 338
FOR RENT Room, suitable for one
or two gentlemen. Holbrook house
Naco road. 398
FOR RENT Furnished looms for
light housekeeping. Terrace Room
ing house. 405
Three room house large pantry, nice
ly furnished, all to itself, no one to
bother. Miller Hill, by big water
tank. 515
FOR RENT Front room private
borne, Vidana House, Chihuahua
Hill. 524
PROFESSIONAL CARDS
L. B. WHITNEY. Lawyer. Rooms E-
Aljen Block. Open evenings. Phone
647 (109)
Contractor and builder. W. F. White,
Phone Green 4G8. 21 O. K. Street.
27
THE MOOSE HOTEL (Old Kinney
House) Furnished rooms $2 per
week and up, with gas; also light
housekeeping rooms. 178
FIRST-CLASS painting or paper bang
ing by day work or contract. H.
Johnson & Co., phone Blue 764.
Postoffiee box 1715. 107
P. J. McCullougb, contractor. Phone
20. Box 934. Excavating, retain
ing walls, concrete houses, wells
and mining work is my specialty.
221
Toothache can be prcventeH by fol
lowing simple instructions. Call at
my office for free booklet, J. F.
Tcufert, V. I). S., Maze Buildins,
VJZ '6 UKU
PETEY DINK A Nice Large Iceberg Would Fix Petey Up.
IPauo cold F ( SMoV.)
For Sale.
FOR SALE Furniture, Mrs. Williams
Clawson Ave. 278
FOR SALE Canary birds, Holbrook
house, Naco road. 397
FOR SALE Lots, inquire at last
house Roberts Ave. Terms. 341
FOR SALE cheap, 65 Homers and
Cameaux's pigeons. Harry Fisher,
Don Luis. 236
FOR SALE 4 room modern house in
good condition, bargain. See M,
C. High. 331
FOR SALE One Ford touring car
$200. cash only. Apply at old Map
on blacksmith shop, Lowell. 516
FOR SALE 3 lots on Mason hill on
terms, T. M. Skoog, 236 Tombstone
Canyon. 356
FOR SALE: Buick touring car. Mod
el C-37, 1915. Apply P. O. Box 726
or Phone Green 475 Warren. 229
FOR SALE Upright Emerson piano,
mahogany case $145. Terms if re
quired. Mrs. B., Bisbee Review.
339
FOR SALE OR TRADE" 124 acres'
planted land 1 miles' west "of
Hereford, water and fenced. Ad;
dress Scott Adams, .city. . 1 40tj
FOR SALE 5 room house and laTge
front lot, 212 Tombstone Canyon.',
Price $2400. Inquire of J. G. Prit-
chard. Terms cash. 391'
FOR SALE One used piano, $145.
$10 cash, $6 per month. No inter-'
est. W. Muir, next Wells Fargo,
'"' 360
FOR SALE New Washburn piano,
bench and scarf. $250; $10 cash. $6
per month. No interest. W. Muir.
Next Wells Fargo.- . . , 358
FOR SALE $650 Player piano. Near
ly new,.C450. $25 rash, $10 per
month;' No interest. W. Muir, Next
Wells Fargo. .''. 359
j FOR SALE 4 room house, sleeping
1 porch, big yard on. the' level, for
$S0O. Box 848 Bisbee. Phone- 55.
! ;.' ,519
; FOR SALE House and' two lots,;
house in good condition, price' rea-,
sonable. For particulars Inquire at
; Geo. Matzell, No. 49 J. E. T. Ave.,
j Johnson Addition. ' " ' 242
FOR SALE Lots on Winwood Add.
j An ideal location for families
Terms $10.00 down and $10.00 .a
' month. Mrs. Winwood, Winwood
Add. 184
FOR SALE OR TRADE Fine bay
mare, weight about 1350. . sound,
gentle, work or ride-. Will sell or
trade for 1916 Ford. Box 304 Tomb
stone, Ariz. 308
FOR SALE 2 lots in "Salt Lake City.
Utah, good location close in, will
accent Ford auto as part . payment,
balance monthly payments. For
particulars inquire F. J. Keogh. old
Mason shop, LonelU ' 377
FOR SALE Cheap for cash only,
1915 Stearns Knight five passenger
touring car in first class condition,
fully equipped two extra tires and
rims, four tires practically new.
Inquire R. J. Kelly, Bropby Garage
j & Supply Co.. Lowell. 277
: FOR SALE New residence with
j three rooms, bath, large closet, gas,
; lights, water and sewer connections,
j Just completed, price $1300. One
half cash, balance $12 per month.
' Address Box 52 if interested. Bisbee
Arizona. 34o
BEAUTIFUL SEASHORE HOME
SITES, ONLY $20 Special sale
lots at Alamo Beach. Texas, fam
ous Bayshore resort. First 100
lots $20. Terms $1 cash, $1 month
ly. Lots 50x140 feet. Splendid in
vestment. Write for free literature
I and views. Alamo Beach Com
i pany, 441 Firxt National Bank,
j Houston, Texas. 310
FOR SALE 320 acres in Sulphur
Springs at $5.50 per acre. House
barn, well, etc. Mrs. A. Kinsella.
Gen"l Delivery. 525
LOST
LOST K. P. watch charm,
leave at Review.
Reward
343 (
I
Miscellaneous
Learn actual auto repairing, book-1
keeping, shorthand, radio, engineer-1
ing. Y. M. C. A., Los Angeles. Cat- j
alogs free. 955 j
DROP A CARD to the Guarantee
Paint & Wall Paper Co. for all!
kinds of work in our line. Pat Clea- j
ry, manager Box 1495. Phone 720. :
OK SALE Highest cash prices paid
(or second hand furniture, stoves,
clothing and tools. Dnsle Jim's,
Brewery Gulch. 21 j
i
High grade portraits, up to date I
. frames. E, Bushong, Bailey Hotel, '
Box 2149. 2S1
CATTLE AND SHEET MEN, ATTEN
TION! Cottonseed meal and cake
for sale in any quantity. For fur
ther information write or wire
First National Bank of Yuma, Ariz.
270
i- URNITURE KOB SALE The John
son Addition Furniture Co. wants
to pay you the highest cash prices
for your second hand furniture. Al
so wants to trade or exchange you
new furniture for your old. We will
ell you furniture cheaper than
, anybody on eaBy payments. Call
in at the big brick ouilding at the
ionnsdn Addition and let us show
ou our large and selected stock of
uouse furnisnings, or phone us at
store, etione 885. Johnson Ad-
. Jiuon
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR
0. 8. PATENT. !
; Mineral Survey . 'o. :j358. j
V ' Serial No. 031346..
1 . Feb. 10. 1S.17.
In the United States Land Office.'
Phoenix, Arizona. '
NVitice is hereby given that Baptist
Caretto, owner of an undivided one
half interest. Allon D. Fair, owner of
an- undivided one-quarter interest and
Ralph A. Ziesemer, owner of an un
divided ; one-quarter - interest, whope
postoffiee addresses are Bisbee, Ari
zona, have made application for patent
for the foli'jwing named lode minim;
claims, situated in the Warren Min
ing District, Cochise County, Arizona, :
in Section 19 and 30, Township 2;'.S. 1
Range 25-E, and unsurveyed. Section .
24 and 25. Township 23-S.. Ranee 2!-E. ;
G. & S. R. B. & M., uetxriberl as foi-i
lows, to-wit: !
"BELLE MONTE" Begining at cor-j
ner No. 1. the N. E. Corner, whence 1
the W. Vt, Corner of Section 19. T. 23-S. j
R. 25-E. G. & S. R. B. & M. bears N. !
59 48' E. 1968.9 feet; thence S. 29"!
48' W, 70.70 feet to corner No. 2; j
thence N. 72" 05' W. 1524.80 feet. to;
corner No. 3; thence N. 29' 48' E.
538.40 feet to corner No. 4; thence S.
54 19' E, 1500 feet to corner No. 1,
the place of beginning, containing a
net area of 6.763 acres, expressly ex-'
eluding area in conflict with Survey
No. 2390, High Flyer lode, of 3.669 '
acres. -
VGREEN LEAF NO. 2" Beginning)
at corner No. . 1. the N. E. Corner, j
whence the W. M Corner of Section
19, T. 23-S, R. 25-E. G. & S. R. B. & M., '
bears N. 30 38 E. 279.4 feet; thence'
South, 603.40 feet to corner No. 2; !
thence N. 83" 16' W. 1500 feet to cor
ner No. 3: thence North, 603.40 feet
to corner No. 4: thence S. 83" 46' E.
1500 feet to corner No. 1, the place :
Vf beginning, containing a net area of
18.267 acres, expressly excluding area
in conflict with Survey No. 2256 Osco
ola lode, of 0.448 acres, and with Sur
vey No. 3180 O OM Paul lode, of 1.272
Direct Wire Connection with
OFFICES. Jerome and All Our Offices. CORRESPONDENT
Bi,bee M . . E. F. Hutton & Co.
R. ALLYN LEWIS - -
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL, BISBEE. stock Exchange
Jerome JOHN A. CAMPBELL. Manager.
prescott BONDS, STOCKS, INVESTMENTS
Phoenix Orders Executed for Cash or on Proper Margir
TELEPHONE
' E. F. Hutton & Co's Private
P O BOX 279 Leased Wl-e to All Exchange "
acres, and with Green Leaf No. 3, of
0.668 acres.
"MAKCONI" Beginning at Corner
No. 1, the N. E. corner, whence the
W 4 Corner of Section 19. T. 23-S,
R. 25-E, C. & S. R. B. & M. bears N.
9 35' E. 855.7 feet: thence South,
555.S0 feet to Corner No. 2; thence N.
72 47' W. 359.80 feet to corner No. 3:
thence N. 65" 59' W. 771.50 feet to
corner -No. 4: thence North, 250 feet
to corner No. 5: thence S. 83" 4a' E.
1054.70 feet to corner No. 1, the place
of beginning, containing a net area
of 7.7ol acres, expressly excluding
area in conflict with Green Leaf No.
3, jf 2.022 acres, and Bar Bullion, of
0. 053 acres.
"GREEN LEAF NO. 3" Beginning
at corner No. 1, the S. E. Corner,
whence the N. W. Corner of Section
30. T. 23 S, R. 25-E, G. & S. R. B. & M.
bears S. 41" 02' E. 1118.8 feet; thence
No. 51 20' W. 1279.00 feet to corner
No. 2; thence N. 29 48' E. 600 feet
to corner No. 3; thence S. 51 20' E.
1279.00 feet to corner No. 4-, thence
S. 29 48' W. 600 feet to corner No.
1, the place 'of beginning, containing
a net area of 12.158 acres, expressly
excluding area in conflict with Sur
vey No. 3173. Morning Star lode, of
0. 427 acres, with Bar Bullion, of 0.40i
acres, and with Mineral Farm No. 1.
of 4.420 acres.
MINERAL FARM NO. 1." Begin
ning at corner No. 1, tne N. E. Corner,
whence the N. W. Corner of Section
30, T. 23-S. R. 25-E.. G. & S. R. B. & M.
bears S. 46 16' E. 762.2 feet; thence
S. 26 26' W. 719.00 feet to corner
No. 2; thence N. 30 06' W. 1482.60
feet t corner No. 3; thence .'. 26
26' E. 719.00 feet to corner No. 4;
thence S. 30 06' 1482.60 feet to
corner No. 1. the place of beginning,
containing a net area of 15.718 acres,
expressly excluding area in conflict
with Bar Bullion, of' 4.634 acres.
"GREEN LEAF NO. 1." Beginning
at corner No. 1, the N. W. Corner,
whence the W. V corner of Section
19, T. 23-S. R. 25-E. G. & S. R. B. & M.
bears No. 30 3S' E. 279.4 feet; thence
S. 8:! 46' E. 603.40 feet to corner
No. 2; thence South. 1454.no feet to
corner No. 3: thence N. 83 45' W.
603.40 feet to' corner No. 4; thence
North 1454.00 feet to corner No. 1, the
place of beginning, containing a net
area of 20.022 acres.
"BAR BULLION". Beginning at cor
ner No. 1, the S. E. corner, whence
the S. W. Corner 'of Section 19. T.
23-S. R. 25-E., G. & S. R. B. & Y.
bears N. 70 26' K. 584.3 feet; thence
N. 59 01' W. 600 feet to t'orner No.
2; thence N. 24 20' E. 1500 feet to
corner No. 3; thence S. 59 01' -E.
600 feet to corner No. 4: thrce S.
24' 20' W. 150 feet to corner No 1.
the place of bepinuin.e. contaiiing a
net area of 19.472 acres, expressly vx
eluding area in conflict with Green
Leaf No. 1, of "0.970 acres; and with
Survey No. 3174. William Peun lode,
of 0.080 acres.
"TRILBY". Beginning at corner No.
1, the S. E. Corner, whence the N. W.
Corner of Section 30, T. 2S. R. 25-11.
G. & S. R. B. & M. bears N. 4 6' E.
505.7 feet; thence N. 59 01' W. 600
feet to corner No. 2: thence 24 20'
E. 1500 feet to corner No. 3; thence
S. 59 01' E. 600 feet to corner .Vj.
4; thence S. 24 20' W. 1500 feet to
corner No. 1, the place of beginning,
containing a net area of 19.463 acres,
expressly excluding area in conflict
with Green Leaf No. J, of 1.059 acres.
"MINERAL FARM NO. 2" Begin
ning at corner No. 1, the N. W. Cor
ner, whence the N. W. corner of Sec
tion 30, T. 23-S. R. 25-E., G. & S. R V.
r M. beajs N. 87 58' E. 827.8 feet:
thence S. 59 01' E. 1500 feet t t'or
ner No. 2; thence S. 25 32' 30" W.
296.00 feet to corner No. 3; thence N.
68 31' W. 1198.50 feet to corner No.
4: thence N. 25 32' 30" E. 446.70
feet to corner No. 5; thence N. 26
26' E. 97.70 feet to corner No. 1, the
place of beginning, containing a net
area of 1 1.419 acres.
"MIDWAY NO. 1". lieginning at cor
V
ner Vo. 1, the N. W. corner, whence
the W. 'i cornor of Section 19. T.
23-S. R. 25-E., :. & S. R. B. & M. bears
o. 29 26' W. 670.9 feet: thence
59 01' E. 654.50 feet to corner No.
12; thence S. 5 II' W. 15u0 feet to
corner No. 3: thence N. 59 1' W.
554.50 feet to corner No. 4; thence N.
!5 41' E.. 1500 feet to corner
No. 1. the place of besinning, con
taining a net area of 14.974 acres,
expressly excluding area in conflict
with Survey No. 2455. Uurro Shoe
lode of 1.405 acres, and with Green
: Leaf Vo. 1. of 4.005 acres.
j "MIDWAY NO. 2." Beginning at
! corner No. 1. the N. W. corner, whence
'the W. i Corner of Section 19, T.
23-S. R. 25-E,. G. & S. R. B. & M.
Bears S. 74 29' W. 924.6 feet: thence
js. 59 01' E. 662.00 feet to corner No.
12; thence S. 5 44' W. 1500. feet to
corner No. 3; thence N. 59 01' W.
'662.00 feet to corner No. 4; thence
, N. 5 41' E. 1500 feet to corner No.
1 1. the place of beginning, containing
a net area of 20.618 acres.
i
, "CASH ENTRY NO. 2". Beginning
at corner No. 1. the N. W. Corner,
j whence the V.'. U Corner of Section
j 19. T. 23-S. R. 25-E.. G. & S. R. B. & M.
(bears N. S6 20' W. 1461.4 feet;
j thence S. 59' 01' E. 662.00 feet to
corner No. 2; theme S. 5 44' W. 1500
'feet to corner No. 3: thence N. 59
'01' W. 662.00 feet fo corner No. 4:
thence N. 5 41' E. 1500 feet to corner
No. 1, the place of beginning, contain
ing a net area of 20.61S acres.
"CASH ENTRY NO. 1." Beginning
at coiner No. 1. the S. W. Corner.
! whence the S. W. Corner of Section
19. T. 23-S. R. 25-E.. G. c S. R. B. &
M.. bears S. 2G 16 W. 1042.3 feet;
thence North 685.10 feet to corner
No. 2; thence S. 59 01' E. 1500 feet
to corner 'No. 3: thence S'outh, 685.10
feet to corner No. 4; thence N. 59
01' W. 1500 feet to corner No. 1, the
place of beginning, containing a net
area of 20.226 acres. j
The location notices of these claims
are recorded in the ofl'u e of the County 1
Recorder of Cochise County, Arizona,
as follows:
A1
liar Bullion, Recorded in Book 52,
( Record of Mines, page 131.
I Belie Monte, Recorded in BcAk 52.
j Record of Mines, page 137.
' Cash Entry No. 1. Recorded in Book
52. Record of Mines, page 129.
j Cash Entry No. 2., Recorded in Bo'ok
54, Record of Mine. page 2S6.
; Green Leaf No. 1, Recorded in Book
52. Record of Mines, page 132.
j Green Leaf No. 2, Recorded in Book
52. Record of Mines, page 133.
' Green Leaf No. 3. Recorded in r.'ook
52.-Record of .Mines, pase 134.
Trilby. Recorded in Book 52, Ret-
lord of Mines, page 130.
Mineral Farm No. 1, Recorded in
Book 52, Record of Mines, pase 128.
Mineral Farm No. 2. Recorded in
'Book 52, Kec'ord vf Mines, page 129
! Midway No. 1, Recorded in Book
52, Record of Mines, pate 135.
' Midway No. 2. Recorded in Book
52, Record of Mines, page 136.
. Marconi, Recorded in Book 52, Rec-
ord "of Mines, page 138.
! The names of the adjoining claims
of this survey are: On the North:
Survey No. 31S0, O OM Paul lode.
Survey No. 2256, Osceola lode. Survey
No. 2455, Jack Robinson lode and Burro
Shoe lode, unsurveyed claims, claims
and claimants unknown.
On the East: Unsurveyed claims,
claims and claimants unknown. Lit
tle Dandy and Garibaldi !odes, unsur
veyed. On the South: Victor, unsurveyed.
Survey No. 3174. William Penu lode.
Survey No. 2028, Grover lode. Survey
No. 3173. Morning Star lode. Survey
No. 22X0 Omega lode.
Ou the West: Survey No. 2390. Higb
Flyer lode and Tet House lode.
J. L IRVIN.
Register.
j First publication Feb. 13, 1917.
I.ast publication April 24. 1917.
3v It -T T . A. . .
,cc rfC6 ow
..Lodge
WEEK ENDING FTBRUARY 17.
Monday
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday
N. C. BLEDSOE, W. M.
B. T. WATKINS, Secy. F. & A. M.
A. M. COLWELL, E. R P.
C. F. PHILBROOK, T. I. M.
J. E. FRY. E. C.
F S. DAVENPORT, Secretary Chapter
and Commandery.
W. R. BANKS, Secretary Council.
LODGE NO. 671.
Regular meeting first and third Fri
day of each month. Visiting brothers
cordially invited to attend.
CHARLES S. BEAR. Exalted Ruler.
R. B. COOVER, Secretary.
BISBEE LODGE, No. 10, I. O. O. F.
Meets every
WEDNESDAY
eyening at Odd
Fellows Hall.
Main street at 7:00 p. m. Visiting
brothers cordially invited to attend.
Hall phone 119.
CARL V. NELSON, N. G.
G. A. PLUNKETT, Secretary.
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OR AMERICA.
DREADNOUGHT.
L. O. L. NO. 210. '
Meets in L O.
O. F. Hall sec
ond and fourth
SATURDAY
at 7:30 p. m.
Visiting broth
ers cordially
invited to at
tend. tow
GEO. S LEE. MAN. W. M.
ROBERT FERGUS. Secretary.
P. O. Box 426, Bisbee.
WOODMEN CIRCLE.
Meets in Medigovich Hall 2nd and
4th Fridays of each month.
HATTIE A. LUKE. Guardian.
PAULINE F. BROWN. Clerk.
P. O. Box 621.
Ask Art
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior
U. S. LAND OFFICE at Phoenix.
Arizona. Feb. 10. 1917.
Notice is hereby given that W. Jac
ob McAllister, of Buena, Arizona, who,
on Feb. 4. 1913, made Homestead En
try No. 021106, for SE",. Section 6.
Township 22S.. Range 21 E G. & S. R.
Meridian, has filed notice of intention
to make Three Year Final Proof, to
establish claim to the land above de
secribed, before Jared D. Taylor, U.
S. Commissioner, at Bisbee. Arizona,
on the 29th day or March. 1917.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Ed. Rryan, Cas.-sius R. Knoles. Paul
II. Knoles. Oliver Fry, all of Buena,
Arizona.
J. L IRVIN. Register.
First Publication Feb. 13, 1917.
Last Publication March 29, 1917.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior
U. S. LAND OFFICE at Phoenix. 1
Arizona, Feb. 10, 1917.
Notice is hereby given that Roy
Uyc., of Hereford, Arizona, who, on
April 30. 1912. made Homestead En
try, No. 017584, for NE'i, Section 12.
Township 23S., Range 21E.. G. & S.
R. Meridian has filed notice of inten
tion to make Three Year Final Proof,
to establish claim to the land above .
described, before jared D. Taylor. U. 1
S. Commissioner, at Bisbee. Arizona, !
on the 2t9h day of March. 1917.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Floy Sperow. Sherman J. Beals. John
Findlay. and Georse W. Longlry, all
of Hereford. Arizona.
J. L IRVIN. Register. j
Firt Publication Feb. 13. 1917.
Latt Publication March 2?, 1917.
TV .H
i
i ft Ami
Vr1f a wist. J lfc
Notices...
T. F. B.
FRATERNAL
BROTHERHOOD
Bisbee Lodge No.
452 meets the 1st
and 3rd Mondays
of each month at
7:30 at Odd Fel
lows' Halt Viit-
ing members cordially invited.
PHIL. DAVIS. President.
MRS. C. E. FINOTTI. Treasurer.
Box 722. Tel. 236. Red.
KATHERINE SALHOLM, Secretary.
BISBEE LODGE, NO. 718.
Meets every Friday night. Moose HalL
Visiting brothers cordially invited.
J. V. PETTEY, Dictator. .
KAY ROSS, Secretary.
FRATERNAL ORDER EAGLES.
Bisbee Aerie. No. 175. F. O. EL, meets
first and third MONDAYS. 8. p. m..
Eagles Hall. Visitors cordially wel
come. RICHARD DAVIS. President."
M. D. COHEN. Aerie Physician.
KNIGHTS & LADIES OF SECURITY.
Meetings will be held every Thurs
day at Union Hall at 7:30 p. m be
ginning February 1. Advertisement.
S52
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED AMERI
CAN MECHANICS.
Meets in Medigovich
Hall, second and fourth
Tuesdays each month.
Visiting brothers wel
come. HOMER C. TREES. Councillor.
W. A. CUNNINGHAM. Recording Sec.
MODERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA
Bisbee Camp No. 13415.
Meets first Tuesday At
Odd Fellows Hall.
R. L. MOTZ. Consul.
H. F. MATHEV. SO.V. .
Clerk.
PYTHIAN SISTERS.
Lily Temple, No. 3. meets every 2nd
! and 4th Thursday evening of each
I month at Odd Fellows' Hali. Visiting
sifters are cordially Invited.
ANNA HART. M. E. C.
JEANET SWEENEY. M. of R. C.
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD.
Lowell Camp No. 46 will
meet lt ami 3ru V-d-.
neslay at 7:1.0. Brc'iy
i0 HalL
XV-l s J. L WINTERS. C. C.
O R THOMAS. Clerk.
All Woodmen invited.
,
IMPROVED ORDER RED MEN.
Meets first and third
Thursdays at 7:30 p. m.
in Medigovich HalL All
visiting Red Men invited
toxjJ-y to attend.
JOHN KELLY. Sachem.
W. D. COHEN, Medicine Man.
F. C. FENDERSON. C. of R.
ORDER OF EASTERN STAR.
MRS. ANNA C. RICHARDS. W. M.
Phone 230. P. O. Box 841. Bisbee.
MRS JESSE BEVAN. Sec'y. P. O. Rx
2299, Chairman Relief Com. Phone" 647
meets in Masonic Hall
rearl Chapter. No. 6. mceU
in Masonic Hall sccoud aud
fourth Tuesday of each
month at 7:30 p. m.
KNIGHTS & LADIES OF SECURITY,
BISBEE COUNCIL. NO. 2115.
Meets every Thursday at Union
Hall. 7:30 p. m. Visiting members are
cordially invited.
Frederick J. Attaway, president;
E. Linquist. financier, box 33246. Low
ell; Inez McKinney. secretary. Low
ell. Advertisement.
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS.
Rathbone Lodge No. l'
Knights of Pythiaa
meets each Thursday
(except second) in Odd
Fellows" Hall at 7:30
p. m. Visiting brothers
cordially invited.
ARL SOBELEY. C. C.
J. C. KRIGBAUM. K. of R. S,
My C. A. VOIGHT
. ac -r i
Si EIGHT
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY MORNING, FEP.RUARY 13. 1917.
TONIGHT
The Triangle Fine Arts Presents
LILLIAN GISH AND ALL-STAR CAST IN
"Diana of the Follies"
A Fine Arts Production in Five Acts.
The Triangle Keystone Presents
SUM SUMMERViLLE AND PEGGY PEARCE IN
'His Busted Trust"
A COMEDY
ADMISSION - -
7 Tickets Issued on Coupons Accepted for Any
' Performance.
TODAY ONLY TODAY ONLY
The Home of Real Reel Features.
Continuous from 1 to 10
WILLIAM A. BRADY IN ASSOCIATION WITH
THE WORLD FILM CORPORATION PRESENTS
GAIL KANE IN
" 8 S
A WORLD MASTERPIECE IN FIVE ACTS.
ADMISSION - - - 10 AND 15 CENTS.
Tickets Issued on ALJ Coupons Accepted for Any v
Performance.
ijf QualityihPhotopk
eiitral
Tonight Cnly. Tonight Only
Commercing 5 :30 P. M.
Daniel Frohraan Presents
PAUUNE FREDERICK IN
Ashes
of
In Which ths Star Plays the Dual Role of
Twin Sisters.
ADMISSION
Theatre
Formerly Lyric Theatre
TODAY
"A Tale of the Hills"
2 Part Western Drama.
"The Boob's Elopement'
I Part Comedy.
"STAR BOARDER"
1 Re?l Comedy
ADMISSION
3 c
-map
TONIGHT
OF COURSE
- - 10 and 15 Cents.
carlet Oath"
Theatre
Embers
10 ahd 15 Cts.
REPRODUCTION FROM
OLD PHOTOGRAPHS.
In
Sasse's Candy Store on
Main Street, we have on
display c number of re
productions from small
prints which shows what
we can do with your old
photographs. The work
speaks for itselk. Look
up some of the old tin
types of your dear ones
and let us reproduce
them. You will be pleas
ed with the results. We
require from four to six
weeks" time on this class
of work.
Better see us at once.
Dix Studio
Jakob Schmid Bldg.
Brewery Gulch.
RETURNS TO LOWELL.
Mrs. M. J. Caulllcld, of l.owt-11. has
returned In her homo after a four
months' visit with frk-nds and rela
tives in California.
IN FROM HEREFORD.
Cicero Martin, well known ranelior
of Hereford. v:;s in lwell for a fey
hours yesterday afternoon.
JUST WRIGHT 'SHOES !
Complete, line of these famous
shoes, Juki arrived. Millers Shirt &
! Hat Shop. Adv. ::i!
THE PURE MILK DEPOT
Fresh buttermilk daily. I'liono. 301.
Advertisement. 252
MRS. MERRILL ILL.
I Mrs. Miles Merrill is reported to he
seriously ill at the Coppt-r Queen hos
pital. $25.00 tailor made uncalled
suit, $20.50. Millard & tlaleman,
len Block. Advertisement.
for
Al-
BACK IN BISBEE.
Al Brockman, for many years a res
ident of Bisbee In the "good ol'
d?.ys," is back in town again, after
an absence of about three years, and
is meeting many old friends.
A pood time for everybody at the
Catholic ladies' dance and card par
ty, Tuesday evening, at K. C. hall.
Adv. 401
JUST OUT OF MEXICO.
Colonel Elwood Evans, command
ing the famous Tenth Cavalry, was a
visitor in Bisbee yesterday. Colonel
Evans was formerly stationed at Na
co. GOES TO HEREFORD.
Deputy Sheriff Billy BrakeCeld, of '
Lowell, was in Hereford yesterday on j
official business.
FOR SALE
Upright piano and player 50 rolls
music, $190 cash, or some time. G.
B., Bisbee Review.
Advertisement. 340
OVER FROM TOMBSTONE.
Miss Abbie Holland, of Tombstone, !
is visiting with friends in Bisbee.
I
SPENDS DAY HERE.
Dr. Randolph, of the Bunker Hill j
Mining Company, of Tombstone, was j
a visitor in Bisbee Sunday, returning '
to the county seat Sn the evening.
The Catholic ladies will give a dance
nd card party at the Kr.ignts of Col
umbus hall, Tuesday evening. Gen
tlemen $1.00. ladies free. Adv. 404
GOES TO PHOENIX.
Charles F. Phiibrook, city superin
tendent of schools, is in Phoenix,
where he attended the meeting of the
Grand Commandery Knights Templar
yesterday.
TAKES TO THE HILLS.
Deputy Sheriff Bert Polley took to I
the simple life Sunday and spent the
day roaming around the Huachncas, j
after a strenuous week of chasing i
bootleggers. j
Doyou know that M. Curran, the i shipped in several months ago for
automobile painter, is back on the j."personal use" but later, it Is charged
job again. First class automobile, ! used for bootlegging purposes. The
carriage and wagon painting. Old Ma- i sheriff heard of the deal and imme
son Building, Lowell. i diately grabbed the booze. Several
i hundred GreenW residents are re-
TRAFFIC VIOLATOR.
C. A. Cole, charged with driving
his automobile with the muffler open,
was fined $5 in police court yesterday
John Riley, charged with disturbing
the peace, forfeited a $25 bond.
. The Catholic ladies will give a dance ;
and card party at the Knights of Col-1
umbus hall, Tuesday evening. Gen- :
tlemen $1.00, ladies free. Adv. 404
NARROW ESCAPE. !
Several passengers in a Tombstone
auto stage had a narrow escape Sat-
urday night when the stage threw a
wheel and slid down a bank off the
grade on the Tombstone road. Al-
though the car was damaged consid-
erably, the passengers and driver es-.
caped uninjured.
PIONEER HERE.
John McCarty;" of Douglas, was a
visitor in Bisbee yesterday. Mr. Mc
Carty has been a resident of Cochise :
for many years and mot many other ,
old-timers while in this city. !
j
THE PURE MILK DEPOT
Fresh buttermilk right from the
churn. Buy a gallon, its cheaper.
Advertisement 352
SPEEDERS NABBED.
Fred Lambert and Steve Itaffalo
vich were arrested for speeding on
Naeo Road Sunday afternoon by Mot
orcycle Deputy Sheriff Jack Ryan.
Lambert appeared before Judge High I
yesterday afternoon and was fined I
$10. i
i
Ride n the American Stace Line.
flisnec to Oouzlas Phone 3Gtf
i
A good time for everybody at the j
Catholic ladies' dance and card par-'
ty, Tuesday evening, at K. C. hall.
Adv. 4H I
GOODWIN IMPROVING.
F. C. Cixulwin. of Lowell, who has
j t. . ti ( i if i I'll, d to his borne on aerontil
j of nervous trmiiili'. Was uhle t.t he
I out a-.'aiu Vi'slriil:i ami is n ,rl. .1
to he rapidly imni iiu-
PORTRAITS THAT PLEASE
Irwin Studio. Main Street. 857
Advertisement.
FORMER MARSHAL HERE.
('. A. Overlook of Douglas' is visit
inpr his hrothor, I- J. Overlook, hioker
in liishoo. The Douglas man was for
merly United Slates uiuisl-al in Ari
zona and is one of the state's most
popular residents.
He is now in the
s in the smeller
I niereatitile husino:
I oily.
MOTORCYCLE ACCIDENT.
Charles MrCarty was seriously in
jured Saturday night when his motor
cycle, which he was riding from Doug
las to this city, fell with him below
Forrest station. MeCarly sustained
sev'ore bruises ahollt. the face, hands
and side and was unconscious for a
Ions tl'Tio. He is now reported, how
ever, to he out of danger.
i Morrow Chiropodist removes corns,
(bunions, ingrowing nails without pain.
Instant relief, office 2 doors from city
park. Brewery Gulch. Adv. 254.
GOOD BYE, ED.
Ed. Massey, deputy state mine in
spector, left Sunday night for Phoe
nix where, it is said, he will be mar
ried on St. Valentine's day, tomorrow.
The young lady who will soon be
known as Mrs. Massey was formerly
employed in the land office at the
eapitol. Mr. and Mrs. Massey are ex
pected to return to Bisbee in about,
two weeks, and a committee, headed
by Tom Quintan and John Twomey, is
preparing a rousing reception for the
newlyweds.
Expert repairing on fine watches
and jewelry; diamond setting, engrav
ing and genera repairing. Minton,
c(,; ' , "
Advertisement,
343
! MILK DEPOT FINED.
The Pure Milk Depot was yester
day found guilty in city court of de
livering milk that tested below stand
ard and was fined $25. As this was
the second time the depot had been
convicted of the offense. Judge Frank
Thomas warned the proprietor that
he would impose a jail sentence on
him if the depot was again charged
with selling low grade milk. The de-.
fendant stated that thedepot procures
its milk from several sources and had
teen unable in the past to test it ail.
but that a testing machine had been
purchased with which all milk pur
chased in the future will be thorough
ly tested. ,
NEO-BEAUTY SHOP
Neo-Plasf ique Massage, manicuring
a specialty. Your patronage solicit
ed. Ladies and gentlemen. Mrs. El
sie M. Sawyer, Room 16, Johnson Ho
tel. Advertisement. 196
SHERIFF CASH BUSY.
Sheriff Cash, of Greenlee county,
has confiscated $25,000 worth of liquid
refreshment during the last five days.
recording to reports reaching thirsty I
Pisbee residents yesterday. The lucky
sheriff now has in his possession 400
cases and 15 barrels of whiskey and
SO barrels of beer, all of which was
ported to have announced their inten
tion of running for sheriff al the next
election.
, NOTICE
I This is to advise that my wife.
! Mary Bulka. has left my bed and
board and that I will not be responsi-
ble for any debts contracted by her.
JOE Bl'LKA.
Advertisement 233
JACK SHEA VISITS.
Jack Shea, one of the veteran trav-
cling men In the southwest, who has
been visiting Arizona for thirty years,
is a visitor in Bisbee, calling on the
oiear trade. Shea represents a Cin
cinnati, Ohio, firm, and comes to Ari-
zona semi annually.
SOLID COMFORT.
Manager A. J. Detloff. of the Or
pheum, caused to be installed, jester
day, the last tour rows of bis new op-
era chairs in his theatre.
The seats
are the latest in every way and add
to the comfort of visiting that amuse-
ipeiit house. During the next few
days all of the other seats will be
oliRnted for the new ones and the in
terior of the theatre benefited many
times thereby.
IN FROM RODEO.
I). C. Bardou, of D. C. Bardon and
Co.. of Rodeo, arrived in Bisbee yes
terday afternoon from the New Mexi
can town, lie will remain hem today
on business.
LEO GANNON' ILL.
Many friends of Io Cannon will
re-.-ret to learn that he is seriously
ill with what is thought to he pneir-
nuiriia. Leo has been suffering for
more than a week with a severe cold
and yesterday it beca-ne rapidly
worse. He is at the home of his broth
er in Tombstone Canyon, Hod Gannon
ELKS SEND INVITATIONS.
Bisbee Ijid.ce of F.Iks have sent out
itu il :ll ion:: tor a I. iff dance to he 2ien
at, (he home ofi i"ir.fiiury ??. V-i5h-i
ii;' lull's I'.n ilid.iy. ii itu- members
and their ladies.
llr. riayfair. Osteopath, 98 Mason
Hill. Mason Hill rnr stop.
(Advertisement)
LEAVE FOR JEROME.
Mis. A. II. Whitely and daughter,
Anna liuise, leave this evening for
Jerome where, with her husband, who
is ohief clerk of the Gadsden Copper
' Company, they ill make their future
home
A car every hour. Blsbe to Doug
las, flood cars and careful drivers.
American Stage Line. Pbone 366.
Advertisement
RETURNS FROM COAST.
Mrs. A. I.eroy has returned to Bis
bee from Ixis Angles and will return
to the coast city in several days. Mr.
and Mrs. I.eroy, the former having
been very ill some days ago and who
is reported much improved in health,
have decided to make their permanent
homo in I.os Angeles, owing to the
relief which Mr. I.Toy experienced
from his brief stay there.
English Kitchen open to 1 a. m.
Advertisement. 523
"JAFFREY."
William J. Locke's famous novel.
"Jaffrey." which ran serially in one
of the magazines some time ago. has
teen dramatized and the Internation
al Film Corporation has produced it
for the screen. This story is one of j
the best ever written by the author i
and advance notices on the picturized j
version give it benefit of being ex- !
cellent in every particular. "Jaffrey" j
appears today at the Eagle theatre. ;
ORIGINAL BISB EE-TOMBSTONE ' I
STAGE LINE. '
The original Tombstone stage leaves .
daily at 7 a. m. and 1:30 p. m. from '
Cochise Motor Co. Phone 444. Leaves '
punctually on time daily. 939 j
(Advertisement)
A PROTEST.
Lowell, Arizona, Feb. 1
The Review.
Dear Sirs:
1917.
As we ail know, Feb. 12 is the !
tiithday of one of the greatest men
that this country ever had and one
that all of the school children should
re taught to love and respect. Living
near the Lowell School. I could not
help but notice that the high flag
pole was not flying the Stars and
Stripes. Now, if they have a flag it
seems that it was time some one finds
out that it is nice to display it on
such occasions and if they have no
flag and will let the fact be known
through the columns of ihts paper I
will see that they have one for such
occasions.
AN AMERICAN.
INVINCIBLES TRIMMED.
The Invincibles were treated to a
trimming last night by the High
School. Score was 34-13. Large
crowds are attending these games,
which are worth seeing. Line-up and
summary:
High SclfJol Thomas
Campbell. Lamlrum. forwards :McRea, .
center: Pace. Ralnh Baldwin, euards:
. .. , ,, , , ,
Invmctbles Byers, Howland. . for-
wards;
Brooks,
Whillets, center; Totter
Grimes, guards. Referee,
Barton. Timer, Adams.
RETURNS TO PHOENIX.
J. L. Donally, president of the state
federation of labor, returned to Phoe-
nix Sunday night after having been
in Bisbee several days.
BOOTLEGGING HEARING.
H. A. Evans and Tim Hudson,
charged with bootlegging, willbe giv-
en their preliminary hearing today be-
fore Judge M. C. High. On account
of yesterday being a holiday, no act-
ion was taken in court on their case,
Both men were nabbed In a raid on
a house in Brewery Gulch. Saturday
uight by police and deputy sheriffs.
IS STILL ALIVE.
rostmaster Tat Smith of Tomb
stone, returned to the county seat yes
terday after having ridden the goat
into the local Elks' lodge Saturday
night. He was alive enough Sunday
to visit friends in Dougla but is said
to have taken a solemn oath to keep
away from all future goat riding con
tests. :
LAST DANCE.
Catholic ladies of the Warren dis
trict will give their last dance before
Lent at the Knights of Columbus hall
this evening. For those who do not
care to dance a number of card tables
will be placed on the lower floor.
Mr. & Man!
You'll save money by buying
SHOES at the "big store"
MEN'S SHOES AT
$4, $4.50, $5 and $5.50
Few men really know the seriousness of the leather
situation each day as the scarcity becomes more pro
nounced, prices on better shoes are forced upward. Only
through our foresight and by contracting before these
advances are we able to offer against a rising market,
good quality and well made shoes at these low prices.
Men's Gun Metal Bluehcr. Goodyear welt, oak sole solid leath-....
er throughout the pair . $4.50
Men's Kill Blucher, Goodyear welt, oak sole? tip and box
priced Uie pair $4.50
Men's Gun Metal Blucher Goodyear welt "Neolin" sole
priced at the pair $4.50
Same, only with Textan sole the pair $4.00
Men's Black and Tan Calf English last rubber fibre sole
priced the pair $5.00
Men's Gun Metal Calf Blucher Goodyear welt, oak sole pair $5.50
In regard to the above "Neolin" soles they wear better
than leather are absolutely water-proof, flexible and easy
on the feet
English Kitchen open to 1 a. m.
Advertisement. 523
ONLY 574 BUCKS ARE
KILLED IN ARIZONA
DURING LAST SEASON
ALBUQUERQUE. Feb. 12. 574
deer. 597 turkeys. 25 bears. 2S wolves
and 39 mountain lions. were killed by
hunters in the Arizona National For
ests during the season just passed,
according to the District Forester's
annual report on game conditions sub-.
mitted to the State Game Warden. I
"The number of deer killed is 4-r
' .
percent less than in percent
. : . . J .
itrsa i ii a il iii ijii, auu m m. n
Redington. "It is safe to assume that
' t he number of hunters has increased.
I Tha ngMtes. therefore, tndtcate an
alar-ring decrease in the supply of
deer. They speak for themselves as
, to the need for more game protective
, associations, prompt establishment of
j game refuges, better laws. atd nhove
. all, better law enforcement
The report shows that the number
. of predatory animals kill-d has also
decreased. This is regarded by for-
' est officers as an additional cause
for alarm. The game, ihey say, can-
not possibly hold up unless predatory
animals are kept dovn.
I recrtase is especidly rotaMe in
THE HOUSE OF COMFORT.
Today Only. Matinee and Night
A. AUBREY SMITH AND ELEANOR WOODRUFF
"JAFFERY"
Golden Eagle Feature.
THE MOST POPULAR OF WILLIAM J. LOCKE'S
NOVELS WAS READ BY HALF MILLION
PEOPLE.
"IN MEXICO"
Comedy.
MATINEE DAILY AT 1 P. M.
ADMISSION : : : 10 AND 15 CENTS.
1 the case of blacktail deer, according
to the report. Fores! office: s from all
over the state agree that the black
tall is disappearing. Whtetail deer
are holding up bett?r. The report
I advocates a closed season on black
j tail in all places wh.-re they -re g?l
I ting caroe.
Ask Art
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT
In the County of Cochise,
State of Arizona.
NOTICE TO CREDITORS
Estate of Mary I. Cunningham, de
ceased. Notice is hereby given by the
undersigned Administrator of the
Estate . of Mary I. Cunningham, de
ceased, to the creditors of and all per-
snntt hnvin? fluim neninat thA anitl
deteased to exnibit tneni with the
nwesary vouchers within ten (10)
10nths after tne first publication of
tlis notce to the s;iid Administrator
Et tie LaW ofjjtes cf FJlinwood &
n0ss. Bisbee. Arizona, the same being
the place for the transaction of the
business of said estate, in said County
0f Cochise,
m. J. CUNNINGHAM,
Administrator of the estate of Mary
I. Cunningham, deceased,
Dated Bisbee. Arizona, this 3rd day
of February, 1917.
First publication Feb. 13, 1917.
Theatre