CS WIM Willi' ! lati
'If
MARKETS.
:1 iS f WEATflEK.
NEW YORK CITY,
Average Price of Cop
per for week enolng
September 12, 25.83.
H R B r
Thursday anil Friday.'
fair: not much ciian-e
i:i lf'inn-i;in!.f .
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service.
VOL. 20. No. 149.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 29, 1917.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
ST-
BRITISH STILL H1HG AT
H1NDENBURG LENE WE SILL
ADVANCES DESPITE RESISTANCE
Germans Recapture Fountaine JZJTZ
hamlet and gradually the ltritish were
pushed back. fighting stop by step and
in tin-tins heavy casualties on ine Ger-1 crisis on tlie Italian front, lie a
-Byng Strengthens Posi
tions Huns Fight Like
Tigers
(By Review Leased Wire.)
BRITISH HKDQl'ARTERS IX
FRANCES November 28. Novem
ber 27th will go down in military his
tory as one of the bitterest days Vf :he
battle before Cambrai. Eut despite
its sanguinary nature, it brought little
change in the relative positions of the
contending armies. Taken as a whole,
the Bri.ish may be created with a
slight advantage as a result of vester-
daVs work, for they made some ad- heavy barrage down on Tadpole copse.
Italian Crisis
Passed, Military
Director Claims
(By Review Leased Wire.)
LONOON. Nov. 2K.-"lt is now time,
to say definitely that the crisis in Italy
has passed.' said Major General V. B.
Maurice, clii:f director of military op
erations at the w.tr office, in an inter
view today. He added thai .here had
been no important movement of (;r
man troops from the Russian front.
General Maiirii discussed the situa
tion 'n llio various fronts with the As
sociated Press. The passing of the
id. was
RUSSIA HAS
HAD ANOTHER
Cabinet Members
Send Messages
Of Thanksgiving
REVOLUTION
tf'v Review l.tr.s"d Wire)
LONDON'. Nov. L'S.
lint; ;.f the London
ioi;l.nu3 a: i)!iarcid
enr.cn freii iv'rogral d 't d
Wednesday. inii''atiiig there
mans.
Teuton Attack Fails.
The British, however, were facing
superior numbers and in their weary
condition were unable to hold the ter
ritory which they had gained. When
night closed down it found them back
nearly to the positions they had left in
the morning. But the Germans were
unable to stir them beyonU this point.
The German attacx cn Hour. on
wood was a failure and the Bri :ish this
morning were holding their line strong
ly. Yesterday the Germans put
due en i rely to the efforts of the Ital
ian army, adding:
"Autlo-F'-encli troops are now avail
able in sufficient quantities to satisfy
us that the situation is secure."
Ignorance Caused Defeat.
1 Genera! Maurice pointed out that
the German inability 'to exploit the
- Italian disaster could be regarded as
significant jf Austro-German weaK
ness. "The results which the Germans at
; tained in their first attack" he said.
t "u'Jira t 1 1 11 l: 1 1 n 1- tn tlin m lsiiman f 11!
prcpaganua among- me ignorant somi-
The second edi
lin'lv Mai! to.'av
ly lIMililateil ,l-
o'cloi k
:i" been
a renewal ot t roil nit tneie. it say-s
there has been some firing and that
several persons havr ' been woun-'ed.
Maximalist troops have occupied the
Potrograd sta'e biiBk. a cording to
the Petrograd corrti:;pondent of tlie
Dailv Mail He addt:
"The people are going about their
business in the most orderly manner.
Noboriy is .hurrying and one would
never imagine that another revolution
is in progress. i
"Scenes of political turmoil have
now r.ecome eoiuennc here.
(P.y Review Lease'1. Wire)
W SHlNGTOX. N;iv. 2N Tlian'HS-'
.iin; me.-sae; irom nicniliers nf the
c.ibit'i-l s-.ddress.d to t.'ie p -ople .f the
cr-i.ntry an. I lc country's di fenders
on Ian ! mi'' -e: vviil appiar in innmr- !
rinv". fl'ii-i.rl biillftin. ,
Ser'l:'ry La'te s:iys he cannot 1"',
thankuil ,'nr ar, the Methods of war. Inter
nor the turnim o: mens m;mis ;r..ni
tilings constructive lo minus dt :-lrut-I
live. tut that he gives "thanks that j
this i.s a tuition unashamed, aggres-i
sive." and that "teen are willing ;o die
th.o liber'y rind justice may live." j
Postmaster General Burleson says -the
oeonle of the I'nited States rhould
be thankful that the war is not being
wage! on our shores and that "while!
Kurope. Aia and Africa are ravaged ;
no foe has invaded our country, our
cities have not been destroyed ar-d our i
reot!e go about their busines? and '
li'-e in pea'-e. in plenty and in securi-1
ty."
BOLSHEVIKI-GERMAN PEACE TQ
8E CONSIDERED KEXT SUNDAY;
ENTENTE WILL GM
t
0 HEED
Allied Conference Pre
paring for Paris Meet
Cambrai Battle Continues.
(By Review Leased Wire)
! Satutday next has botn set by the
j Germans as the date for a coaferer.ee
wi'h the Bolshevik! leaders lor the
; purpose of negotiating an armijtice.
The arrangement for the dis-usoion
I followed a visit of representatives of
' the Bolsheviki to the German mili
! tary authorities on the Teuton tide
j of the fighting front in Russia. The
vance in the Hindenburg detenses esi oi .woeuv res. a..u .-uuc.iuu a , ess far evcemled nnv Cerman
northwest of Itellecourt. They gained counter attack. This was smashed by . Jh" h." ? far ' n a" ('J a"
tve hundred prisoners in tnetr at Uck , Bntis 1, aru! erj hr o suct-H8 it would be expected that the
on Fontaine N'Jtre Dame and repulsed Last nignt was comparatively ouiet. , . . '..!,., . .
vigorous c ounter attacks against their except for artillery work at various , mans would do all to x- ;
positions near Voeuvres and abou: points. The Germans matn.ainea a 1 n1"11. 1 ne have been able to do
Sour on wood heavy fire against Bourl'm wood and I ?ot",n? bevo'ld Mtovin up the Ital-,
. . . niio, ni,M, in ih;a c inr i ian retirement. Even now there is no
The Germans today are again m pos- other pla(rs in th.s sec tor. , hm Qf fhp vast n(rmaa rp. ,
struggle of yesterday but the British,
positions around this village were .
somewhat improved by an attack be
gun at dawn. Every additional report j
from Fontaine lends added evidence of t
the, fierceness of che battle Ftaged
among the ruins of this hamlet
throughout yesterday. English troops
in the first few hours of their determ
ined drive had forced their way
mrougn tne village in tne lace or a
whirlwind of machine gun and rifle
GERMANS REPORT FIGHT
AT BOURLON WOOD
inforcr-r.ients which it might naturally
he expected Germany would rush up to
strike a decisive blow at the enemy.
Why? My only answer is .hey are not
there because Germany is unaie to
send them. She is unable to exploit
Fiohtinq Kignteous war. Germans apparently gave ifuK k ac
SevnrHl of the messaees emphasize i quiescence) to the pioposal of tne Rus
that the American people should con- j sj&ns for an armistice looking to an
sider it a blessing to fight a riahteous , it jmate Deace. for onlv a few hours
,'ar fjr lione-t ideals and Edwin F. intervened between the visit or the
AM KBK'AN TRAINING CAMP IN Sweet, a, tir.g secretary of commerce. KUSSians to the German line and ac
KRAXfE. Nor K.-llifi people of tins , Bayi, tha, ie wrong doers can never ,:(.p!an,.e by the Germans of the prop
town, in which is !jnd the Ameri-1 truly sriy thanks. 0)Uion that was ma(le to ,,,,.,
can general leuu..iarters. noting the. may ?)()at over his harhari'ies! vVhile the negotiations aro exnectod
preparations that arfe being made for: and crime, but thinks to the OTv-erl . .!., in the
fronts of the blli-erent countries." it
is c-ertaiti that the entente allies will
I give no heed to the overtures, cither
I ofthe Bolsheviki, who compii.se the
FRENCH WILL ENTERTAIN ,
AMERICAN SOLDIERS TODAY.
tertainnients for the Americans in and of Pace. would, on his lips, he a hid!'
about ll;e camp tomorrow night. Simi-,u. moi kerv."
lar 'el;)iratitns and eniertiiir.me-:ls ;
"If we measured our national bless-
cli'ineni in iLe category of an s: i I v
of 'lie icnlr.il powers.
In nort'ierii Kiarn-e the buttle be
tween the l'rit::-h and the Gt fin ins
around Camliiai iontiuue-l t'i:ii.-hout
Tuesday r.iht. but on W'-dnesda;. '-i'd
down to final! proportions. The Ger
mans had brought up Iars? ::uiri!ers
of reinforcement a. and the lUlitin
for Bourlou village, the Bour'.on wood
and Fontaine No:rs Baaie was wiii,. 1
iwth great bitterness, the positions
several times ch&uging haids.
Fast and northeast of Vpre vji-e-it
artil'ery activity is in progress, espe
cially on the sector of I'ass he.idaele,
and it seems probable that anov-ii-r
big- battle iu this region is brewing.
Italians Hold Cn
The Italians continue to hold their
northern front betwee n the Breta a.id
Piave rivers against the Austro-German
forces, who have been unable i:i
repeated a-turs to ,tain a iditinnal
terrain. An armistice in order that
they might bury t!ieir numerous dead
has been requested by the Austrkins,
but owing- to the !:u k of fai: in t
enemy's indentions tvie paiians r
fuM to grant it.
Major Genera! .vLiur:-;. chi'-f direc-
(By Review Leased Wire)
BERLIN, Nov. 28. Via London To-; the opportunity offered."
day's official statement says: Cambrai Attack Success.
"Western fron: Front of Crown! Of the western front, he said: the
i Prince Rupprecht: Near Cambrai a j battle of Cambrai Is still in the melting (Pv Review Leased Wire)
sharp artillery duel at daybreak herald-1 pot. The attack was a great success, i BERLIN, No. 28, via London.
ed attacks which the British, with di-i The British in this case had no clefi- 'Thieves entered the imperial residence.
1 r . 1. 1 . i i. . . . .1 . . .1 ! ..;.. i..... .1 ...i ... . , . . . .. . .
fire and in mane i.laeee ht, noo,i ncsmy uniufiiii ui. uncv.ru iiur uujermr.-.. imeiiucu i j itr-i ; wiineiiristioene. at tassel, monaay eve-
the enemv with rifle and bavonet at asain8t ourlon. Fontaine and dur ad-! as far as we could, and I can tell you ning and carried off numerous valuable
close Quarters joining pusuious. wb rMiiunsiieu umsmes a ruuu ueui objects of art. some ot tne rooty
Fight Like Tigers.
people in other towris where Anvri'
troops am quartered.
i T.ir thought as a people." says Secre-
KAISER'S CASTLE BURGLARIZED. ' ,ary Landing, "the observance of
. Thanksgiving day.' this year might
seem almost a mockery for we are en
gaged in the niosi destructive and ter
rible war of all times. But a new
conception of national blessing has j
come to the American people, a con-
l.wt.nl dAv( inn rtf lliA I 1 1 i 1 n II ll 1 1 A r rtf T ! i -. - ... V 1 1 i r
phy,ien! comfort am! prosperity which ;.fi Hussia ' to cease ish war office, ution whose official
has h-en m recent ycarr so pote nt in .. . . '.. , . .
lltlLiii,, ill vji inT i' i iiiuu", n iiu 1 " i man inrin.i liiut 11 mm r
,-e
eve a greater period of time have placed, announces that the crisis n
been endeavoring to put into opera-! iialy has passed.
tion negotiations for a peace that; Jerusalem is wltMn sight of the
would prove a suitable one for them-. British forces operating in Palesti-.c,
selves and their allies. j but Turks in force have been gathered
Bolsheviki Distrust Germans : 8DO,lt lhe cit'- and il is not imP"1-t-.
. o'i.-!u ,a. ,rfi.:ab'e that a great battle will have ia
i ii.ii iilc liuim "i ii-inn i .-i niui.-
be fought for its possession.
Twenty-one British merchan'.n'.T
were sunk by mine? or subnvri: esi
last week four More in the asreata
than were sent to the r-oaom ir.e
previous week.
cepaon in which the spiritual is exalt- trustful of the Germans, althouiii they
West of Bourlon the enemy's at- further than Field Marshal Haig ex-. wa. di-DOsed of here this mornir.a be-'. 9!' above the materia! in which the nave nereed to enter into negotiations
tacking waTes and tiie tanks preceding peoted. fr th rohberv wa diBeoversd. ; life of the nation is placed above thei,. M orl,ilstii-e. is a una rent from the
The Germans fought like tigers for them collapsed under our tire. Be-; "The actual positions captured were ; lifn of tiie individual. No greater fact tnat (.;nss,n Krylenko. the Bol-
the retention of this place and some-1 teween Bourlon and Fontaine the en- j very interes-ing, showing the tremend-' with electricity, water supply and sew- i blessing could have come to the r-1 Eheviki commander-in-chief, has or-
Lumg vi me naiure oi-ine rritisn on-i emy, alter many truiuess assaults, pen-i ousamount or worK put m on tne triple ers. urying rooms aru Kiicnens. ah puou? man mis awaKeinug 10 me i.n-i ,jerej pending the conference, that
matins may oe seen irom tne rati ertatea our defense zone. tourion ! mnaenotrrg line Dy tne c;emian sol-1 tne eartn excavated irom inese places , iiiat pririotism is more to oe pnzeu
that they were able to capture 500 cf and Fontaine were temporarily lost, j diers. Each linn" was defended by ! had been deposited (nside the iiouses, : than wealth."
the defenders. ( "The British troops, which were ' strong trenches, dug-outs, tunnels and ! so from airplanes tliie villages appear- America is Performing Service.
The Ft Irish ha't afflroltf rrrt- ttiTtfirTm I epaqtlit tliinnml K.. rlai-narot. liMica t r ' t tiiila lino tt harhiul viro at lino ! txi alwavc nerfontll n'lVrinfll "Those lin- . Car-ri.laptf ,if T n tirtr WtlrtFl hft tia
; - inn-ufiu itr.wj 1 1 1 j ii u Hi ii, ui. .iiuii nun -- i " ' i . ' " i 1. i ii " . ... - urn. - i (i. ..... -.. - - i 1 . " ' .- ... ' - ' ' troons
tlie 'illn?e When tlia ClArniine i an - . V.u.ua Airl.i;nn aniiiiiinrii,ail n niiiintiiii I fiflv civlir ropHa In Hnnl Vi i rlnri. rfinnil vtllnp-eQ Tiora i hnte. tel V l.it tl.a win! Inanl iilora nliofl t
n . 1 . 1UUIIO .-.1.111 i IIUDC llUllllC, lllUUUll 111 C MUli:l 1 UllJ VVJ O.A'. nail,..,Ui.,l.,. ,I.Jl....t.J -J - jUHLlll.-l.-l. 111IH...1111.'- 1. V..:
fresh troops for a counter attack all - thrust by our infantry. Brought up Subterranean Towns. I siiell proof and bombproof." i from Portland. Ore., that "in tJ'e
along the f'Juntaice-Eourlon wood line. ( in an encircling movements our troops ) "Villaees behind the line had be- Generol Maurice declared that the ; midst of all divers
TWO dI'fe.innK CT 1lio .i-iciii' u-or. 1 atnnU Vi ..fllqniiD n I Vi r a... Hi nli 1I1D i nmilh thorn ofoat nhamhnra w-hinli it n-it:ch r.-.tiinn in thn T'ltmhrni a::lienf : r1a linliinj all A'
hrriush-. iTi.n v.io 5 j t ' ...... .1,1 1 1 1 4 n 1 ... , . .i, , . -,..i, ,m t, r i.- -....t. 1 I - ...j .-. . . .... o-i- .the situation In Ilussta ana agree upon ! tne federal mei:ation cor.-.tiiissi'm tr
... .1..,.., wi.H , 111 10 nuia l.u liU -lc eililll V TTl TO IlUll I Kill .vutJU. .11 u 1 c p .1 : 1 . V. iiu.u ur p.auuri e-i, nil nu-uui r , 1 1 c r I w a.-- ' ' i'Z ' ;i n .i vi .i;ia uv- jl inc 1 r.i. - CCO:!II'K! allll I lull?' If : r nr- il-Ii . . ..... .
some metnoa to pnng tne tiisancciiun , morrow evening, wnon tr.e secretary
(Continued on Page Two.) i to an end or of putting the Bolsheviki t w:'.! :e..ke a patrioLic address.
I dered. pending
there shall ba no fraternizing on the;
part of Russians and Germans. ar,d SECRETARY WILSON IMPROVINC.
'advised vigilance and caution by the, PORTLAND. Ore., Nov. ;s. W:!'ii.i:n
. B. Wilson, secrerary of labor, had y.)
inter-allied i far recovered his ncrmal heal'h h.if
Meanwhile, the great
sitv of place and peo- conference Is preparing to convene iu; to,':- that he announced a puhli- ap
1'ft'erer.ces I find a' Paris- and doubtless It will discuss-pearance for him.--e!f anl meuioers of
ior tnis worK nil larte enemv tno Bourlon wood. Mere trun vuicl be slander K can jug-outs; trey i was piTT Trni.-:i wotiru c ot me prear- cooimoi and ion.
nuniDers ot them were hurled against I 200 prisoners and numerous tnacliine i were more like hotels fifty feet be-1 est service in further operations
the British on the eastern outskirts of j guns remained in our hands." 1 neath the ground and were provided : against the Germans.
'L.' -. -1 Vwf tfc-- Jr '
"v!v '.' '-V
WtrUffTiTrTf'-
If :sS&Esr
fell
A
.-'ftVl'S ;-. iv.V-f:. h :..kl .
V . f,.t- -. fV : i I I '. --... -.: "rsr .-A f-. ' i
I .. . .... -dJS
1
r 7 rr
.-fj t- :.'T . .s.-- '- S i -.-fl -
i 1 .S'
mm.
Vfe are profoundly thankful to God jbrfae greaf blessirig cf Dcacs end !brosUjntv vvcH we have enjoyed for many years, and
wivcu aas en.oiea us to cs preparea ro answer the c 1 ro
f i-N ,..1 U, .v-w'.k . i.-l iL - -V II C : ' i ' t
hiai jaeacc ahd harmony m.ya pin b-2 rc:torecl.end foe. brorh-.wgrhcoJ oAvr'. " -v
ercy, and libcrtys sake, in ria cause
..Hi. our brains. and our lives, xvt? will sfrive
vijvi rcin umonq all Hie nations cfr)ie world
i-f
3 : S'
,,:" TWO
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 29, 1917.
I
FOIIf NOTRE
OF Miff Ml
BR
M ID TEUTON
(By Review Leased Wire.) i was proceeding today throughout this
BRITISH HEADQUARTERS IN i section.
FRANCE, Nov. 28 1 p. m. Fontaine ; Debating War.
Notre Dame was today virtually No Bl'ENOS AIRES. Nov. 28. Whether
Man's Land, over which swirled a nev- Argentina should break relations with
er-ending deluge of machine gun bul- Germany was the question on which
.lets from the ranks of the opposing opinions were to be voiced by the mem
'lorces down upon either side uf this bers of the convention of prominent
blood-drenched little .hamlet. A men of Argentina which jpened its ses
bright warm sun was .shining down slon in the -.heatre Victoria here today,
from an almost cloudless sky bu: it The convention Is being held under the
brought little cheer to the battle-weary auspices of the national committee of
German and British tro'jps for it only , young people,
served to throw into bold relief the Warn Russians,
awful picture of desolation and carn-i LONDON, Nov. 28. "It is under
age within tlie confines of this village, consideration to issue, in conjunction
through which all day yesterday grim j with our allies, a reasoned statement
death had stalked among the contend-1 for the guidance and warning of the
ing warriors. Russians as to the serious results that
It is probable that some parties or are likely to follow if a separate peace
Germans were still clinging to their is concluded," said Lord Robert Cecil,
secret strongholds anAng the rained :
buildings, or that British guardsmen
were hidden among the cellars at var-1
iou3 points. Bu; for ihe most part
Fouctaine Notre Dame was a place of
HooH - ikv hmit ihA streets to tell
the story of the cruel tragedy enacted ;
about them. j
Battalion Commander Captured. j
German prisoners from the third j
guards division and forty-sixtn reg!-1
nient were in the unusn cages mis
morning as a result of the battle ?nd,bee wag tod sentenced (0 8erve 13
among the captives was a battalion nlonths at McNeil, ,sland bv the
couimauurr. ... jud of the UnU d gt federal
iJr-C!ambitt n,ade no statement-
lion 10 me live uuuuicu ukcu m
nak i,,:Tr.rH -erA
captured in the fiphting about Bourlon
where English ti'jops, made some ad-
. I
Tanks were employed in the assault ;
on Fontaine, and it was behind these . "'" rus sentence Degan
great machines tha'. the British guards wln yesterday.
battled forward until they had reacned !
theeastern side of the village. j EXCESS PROFIT TAXES TO
British Retire Before Attack. j BE PAID QUARTERLY.
A German counter attack resulted in 1
the British being pushed back .through j (By Review Leased Wire.)
the hamlet and gave the enemy claim WASHINGTON, Nov. 28. In re
tot re-occupation of the place; but spouse to appeals made by business in
tlie Gertrians were unable to remain in terests of the country, an order will
Fonteffie in force so that they lost the he issued within the next few days by
village although the British did not , Secretary McAdoo authorizing the pay
gain it. ment of war and excess profits taxes
Tl:e fighting at rjurln yes'erday(In quarterly periods.
was very severe. The English began i This action, it was learned tonight,
heir attack in the face of extremely ' is to be taken without delay so that
heavy machine gun and rifle fire. Bour- corporations and other business con
Ion was stronely held and was crowded cerns whose fiscal year ends on Decem
with rapid firers which held all the" ber 31st can arrange for making their
approaches. Tanks were whisked reports to the treasury" department
arcund to the southeast of the village and paying their taxes at regular in
and drove a hole in the nemy de- tervals during the coming year,
fenses.
Baet Off Charge.
1
Heie they 'were closely fol.'jwed by
the infantry. .The machine gun out-,
posts, however, prevented the infantry I
from working their way further north I
on the western side of the place. The
tttack, however, progressed well on
the eastern side of the village and the
British pushed closer about the hamlet
At the same time the Germans hurl-' cases of spinal meningitis in the for
ed their Counter attack against Fon-'Wer pmce. The quamnt'.in of avia
taine they threw a large force of new ticn fields was merely a precautionary
troops against the advancing British j treasure.
about Bourlon. and hard fighting en-! According to figures fiom the Camp
sued. This attack, however, was beat-' Bowie hospital there are 1.268 cases
en off. and this morning the British ap- of sickness of which 832 are a mild
peared to have a tooting in the south- ' type of measles. 218 pneumonia, eight
eastern outskirts of the villace. i spinal meningitis and the others
A heavy machine gun and rifle lire 'minor complaints.
f Friday Specials at
LAKEWOOD GINGHAMS AT 15c PER YARD
This is an excellent quality, suitable for shirting and dresses, and is
shown in a pretty line of stripes and plain colors.
The texture and quality of t.hese goods make them very suitable for
waists and aprons.
FRIDAY SPECIAL AT 15c PER YARD
KIMONO SILKS AT 69c YARD
Handsome Kimono Silks in pink, green, tan, Alice and navy blue
in clever floral and Persian designs. These are very choice patterns,
suitable for making fancy bags as well as Kimonos.
FRIDAY SPECIAL 69c PER YARD
SILK CORDUROY, 98c YARD
Tomorrow we will sell you Silk Corduroy, 32 inches wide, very
fine quality, jn a good assortment of popi'lar colors, such as Alice and
navy blue, brown, gray arid black. These are worth more, but will sell
FRIDAY SPECIAL AT 98: PER YARD
WOMEN'S FLEECED UNION SUITS 50c
Here is a timely rpeclal tor tomorrow, and you should not fall
to secure a supply of these Union Suits at this special price. Long
sleeves, ankle length, high neck, msde of good quality Sea Island
Cotton and well fleeced.
FRIDAY SPECIAL 50c PER SUIT
MAIN FLOOR
NTRANCE
ON
SU3WNY
STREET
WOMEN'S AND MEN'S HOUSE SUPPERS 53c PAIR
House Slippers make very appropriate Christ man gi'ts
so here is an exceptional chance to secure them at a
very small figure. Made with Klk Hide, durable and
comfortable roles, in desirable colors, such as gray.
i;iwii. red ttnr black, lzes 5 to S. Friday Special,
per p;iir
DUE PICTURE
BESOLATfON;
the minister of blockade, in the house
of commons today.
V iSrtnnfflQ JinY"
-tu aiJUHHCO J. Jl
P. 0. Embezzler
(Special to the Review)
TUCSON. Nov. 2S. R. A. Clambitt,
f-,,m(lI.,v emt.. , n;
. .... . . t .
R- A. Clambitt. formerly of this
8 "rnres'fed R"dffitried, fr ""J"
appropriation of postoffice funds. It
was alleged in the trial that he had
"mbezzled about $2500 of the post-
1 CAMP IS QUARANINED
FOR SPINAL MENINGITIS
(By Review Leased Wire)
FORT WORTH. Texas, Nov. 28.
j Camp Bowie and three aviation fields
1 composing Camp Taliaferro, were
I placed under a 14-day kuarantine to-
I day, following the appearance of eight
'IN
or
:AIN
II Oifif
RESTING
53c
Chihuahua City
Has Not Fallen
(By Review Leased Wire)
JUAREZ. Mexico, Nov. 28. Reports
that Chihuahua City had been cap
tured today by Villa's forces were of
ficially denied here tonight. At mili
tary headquarters It was declared that
the railway was open to the state capi
tal, and that the telegraph lines were
working between that point and
Juarez.
Andres Garcia. Inspector general of
Mexican consula:es - in the United
States, also denied the reiort that
Chihuahua City had been taken. He
i said the telegraph lines were working
and messages being sent and received
between Juarez and Chihuahua City
today.
Gen. Pedro Favela, with approxi
mately 600 federal troops, left here
late today for the souih to reinforce
the garrisons at Laguna'and Gallego,
where Villa attacks were reported.
AH railroad equipment was also be
ing seized to load other troops to fol
low Favela's train, reducing the gar-
sison here to less man iwv men.
The military censorship continued
here tonight, and no information was
given out at military headquarters re-
I -ardlng the developments south of the
border. '
Branded Woman
Found at Depot
(By Review Leased Wire.)
CHICAGO. Nov. 28. Branded on her
breast and back, apparently with acid
and dazed as if from drugs. Mrs. Ida
Browning aged 24. of Somonauk, Ills.,
was found semi-conscious in the Union
station here tonight. She revived two
hours later at a hospital and told jf
having been kidnapped at a railroad
station in South Bend, Ind., and held
by a man and a woman, who under the
pretense of helping her had enticed
her into an automobile.
The mystery surrounding, the woman
was intensified when she was undress
ed at the hospital. Pinned under the
frontof her waist was a crudely made
dagger and a note reading:
"We mean business. Beware."
Concealed in the dress was a n'jte,
apparently written by Mrs: Browning:
"Notify my husband, Jim Browning
at Somonauk."
On her back the physicians found a
small patch of skind reddened as from
an acid with the letter R burned dis
tinctly into the flesh. On her breast
a crudely drawn butterfly had been
burned with the same acid.
SHIPPING STEEL AND IRON
PROHIBITED BY COMMISSION
By Review Leased Wire -PITTSBURG.
Nov. 28. "That all
lines reaching the eastern Atlantic
seaboard be instructed to embargo at
once all fx.port steel billets, bars,
plates or scrap and pig iron, except
for the United States government, and
that any existing permits be cancel!
ed. No permits are to be issued for
these articles except, by specific au
thority of this committee."
It was announced that a representa
tive of the committee will be named
with headquarters in New York for
the purpose of co-operating with the
representatives of the allied govern
ments to the end that rail transporta
tion be limited to the traffic for which
tonnage Is available.
It was indicated that all reports
laid before the committee pointed out
the serious freight congestion through
out the district known as the Pitts
burg gateway. To alleviate this sit
uation an order was issued that all
freight, 'including livestock and per
ishable gods, from Chicago and St.
Louis and points west thereof, east
bound, and from Boston, New York.
Philadelphia and Baltimore, westbound
passing throughing the Pittsburg gate
way, be embargoed and diverted to
the lines north and south.
The suspension fr "fast" freight
lines was ordered for the purpose of
conserving "power and transportation
capacity required for was essentials."
says the statemen. All freight was
directed hereafter to, be operated on
the full tonnage, continuous movet
ment, schedule. The provision for the
furnishing of only box and stock cars
for team truck loading of coal was in
serted in the order, according to mem
bers of the committee, in order that!
more topped cars might be available
for mine tipples.
GERMAN LEGISLATURE TO MEET.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
BERLIN, Nv. 28, via London. The
reichstag will reassemble Thursday
morning. It is expected that Chancel
lor von Hertling's speech will deal ex
haustively with the foreign and domes
tic policies of the nation and that he
will be given a vote of ronBdence by
the coalition parties. The reichstae
main committee will not meet before
Ihe opening of the plenary sessions.
The bundesrat's commit :ee on for
eign affairs met with the chancellor
yesterday. Dr. Richard von Kuchl
mann, the foreign secretary, discussed
the foreign situation with the party
leaders.
DK Karl Helffericlu former vice
chancellor, has been offered the chair
of political science in b'jnn university.
I
HUGH COTTON DEAL I
IS CONSUMATED
(By Review Leased Wire.)
NEW ORLEANS. Nov. 28. Out) ot
the biggest cotton de als of the war is
being negotiated In this market. a
croding lo information obtained from
local rpot brokers. It is stated that
the French government, through its
cotton commission has purchased 60.
000 bales here. The value of the col
ton is estimated at J'J.ouo.OOO.
Virtually all of the cotton already
has been purchased and muili of it
shipped, according to the reports. It
was of the buiter grades, termed a
"premium ottun" by -po baiidler-s
aud ita average alue plat c4 at
30 cents or more.
BEG AN ARMY
IS NOW READY
(By Review Leased Wire)
HAVRE, Nov. 15. (By Mail.) Ten
divisions strong, the Belgian army is
ready to take its part in the offensive
in Flanders whenever the word is
given. The Belgian minister of war to
day told the Associated Prexs that the
Belgian army was composed of 117,
000 men at the beginning of the war,
increased by 20,000 volunteers in
August, 1914, and reduced to CO.'OOO
men after the battle of the Yser.
Since then by the enrollment of Bel
gian refugees and the enlistment of
voiuntecrs who have braved the live
wire barriers on the Holland frontier,
it has been brought up to 10 divisions
of well trained troops.
"We had only 32,000 infantry after
the battle of the Yser," said the minis
ter, "and its equipment was in a piti
able state. Munitions were lacking
and all of the 'different organisms
were deranged when the army base
was transferred to foreign soil. This
remnant of an army not only bared
the way to Calais but while dcing so
was reorganized and reinforced until
now it counts three times the number
of men that the battle of Yser left
valid. The front held by the Belgian
army has been gradually lengthened
from about 12 and a half miles after
the battle of the Yser to 17 miles in
January, 1916, eight miles at the be
ginning of March and about 18 miles
in June, 1916.
Draft Evaders
Will Be Expelled
FromLowerCal.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 28. Immedi
ateexpulsion of all American draft
evaders in the northern district of
Lower California has been ordered by
Corbnel Estaban Cantu, military gov
ernor of the district, according to in
formation reaching helie tonight.
Itis estimated that 300 young men
fled across the Mexican border to es
cape the draft and now are ffving in
Lower California. Among them ar
said to be many members of families
well known in the southwest.
Governor Cantu'c order, a copy of
which has been received here, directs
that a census of all foreigners be made
a'.once and concludes:
"Among the foreigners there be
found those called 'slackers' or any
others in your judgment whom it might
be necessary to expel you will notify
them that they must immediately de
part from the district and to thatend
TOR CAMPAIGN
til At 1 a . 1 !
(By Review Leased Wire.)
PARIS,. Nov ; 2S.--Enemy raids at St. I
Quentin and the Chaume wood were
repulsed, according to the official an
nouncement made by the war office
today. The statement also sayB:
"It is confirmed that our attack on
November 21 against the German posi
tions around Juvlncourt resulted in
Tery Jieavy losses to the enemy. The
number of prisoners taken by us was
476; we also captured 13 machine guns,
three trench cannon, three grenade
throwers and 400 rifles."
SENATOR SHEPPARD MAKES
STRONG PATRIOTIC ADDRESS
(liy Review Leased Wire)
DALLAS. Tex., . Nov. 28. An ar
raignment of the imperial German
government and vigorous indorsement
of the administration of President
Wilson was delivered by United
States Senator Morris Sheppard here
tonight at a dinner to Texas senators
and congressmen given by the Dallas
chamber of commerce
Urging the
stamping out of treason, he said:
"It is our duty as members of con
gress to stamp it out in congress."
Referring to Senator Robert La Fol
lette, Mr. Sheppard said:
"That gentleman Is now under in
vestigation by the United States; 1
occupy a somewhat judicial position
relative to his case in that 1 will
have to vote upon it very soon. How
ever I will say to you if it is proven
to be true that he has said one tenth
of the things be is reported to have
said, I shall vote that the places whicu
knew him ouce shall know hint no
more."
FOUR NEW HOSPITALS
AMERICAN TRAINING CAMP IN
FRANCE, Nov. 28 (By the Associated
t'ress), Four new -sites for American
base hospitals have been selected by
a group of officers' who have just re
turned to headquarters. Work will
te begun on the hospitals !u a few
weeks. At several points the plans
Involve the remolding of larger ex
isting buildings: at others entirely
new buildings will be erected under
the unit system, making possible their
indefinite expansion.
EAST AND WEST TO PLAY.
TASAPKNA. ('a!.. Nov. 2S.- Agree-;
niHiit js reaelied here today for tin;!
Allentown. I'm., ambulance corps J.t-'
ball team to represent the east against :
the Male Island iiKiiiiies for (he es' j
in (lie ,.:v Ye it's iim inilinilivc'l n."
a 'e:ttuie of tie- animal tourmimeiil ol
roes '
The .inibuliiiiLU ti-am, it au .aid. ii
,uu ... Ke uc.i steps b may ne, neutrallty. lt8 policv in inlerna
necessary to . carry -out this order re-1 tional questions would not be regulat
porting to this government the action , d f b b des, , ,d
Uken' toward war.
"If attacked," the premier said, "we
m -iz T?rir1 fln will defend ourselves without inciuir
JL aUlUtl lltltCl jn ing as to the proportionate strength
j y-j - .j of ourselves and our assailants, but
h YPtlOn lPnillZPn I save in self-defense we will not enter
Russ Newspaper !
Sounds Warning
( By Review Leased Wire)
PETROGRAD, Nov. 28. The Vet
hera, lormeriy Che Vetchernaya
V'remya, commenting on the s.ate
ment made by the allied military mis
sions to General Dukhonin, formerly
commander-in-chief of the Russian
armies, who was recently deposed for
refusing to open armistice negotia
tions with the Germans, that any
break in the London agreement by
Russia would bring serious conse
quences, declares that the threat la
not a mere form of speech, but that
it exists and is a terrible one.
From the moment the ailies break
off relations," says the newspaper.
tne transport will cease, as it al
ready has ceased, from the United
States, and all the frontiers of our
lste allies will be closed to us."
The newspaper says it has been
declared that Russia cannot exist dur
ing the coming year without imports
:ird concludes ironically as follows:
"Even 'friendly' Germany will not ,
be in a position to supply us with
necessities." J
The Vetchera admits the impossi
bility of Russia carrying on the war. j
tut says Russia should be so conduct
ed as not to needlessly offend the i
allies. i
Cabinet Members j
Send Messages
(Continued From Page One.)
country and unquestion!ng devotion to
the aims of freedom and democracy
which are the purposes of the country
behind the war."
"Grim and terrible as is the task
before us," says Secretary McAdoo,
"let us thank God on this Thanksgiv
ing day, that noble America, faithful
to her traditions, the undaunted cham
pion of aemocraey. has been called
to perform this great and glorious serv
ice to mankind."
Secretary Baker says that men of
the war department send a word of
good cheer in the midst of activities
to trying to get men to France "but
with all the preparations "the fight
will be won in the stout hearts of men
and the message from our hearts to
their hearts is one of confidence and
trust."
Secretary Daniels declares "we are
thankful that out of the tragedies of
war blossom the flowers of generosity,
love and brotherhood, ennobling na
tional ideas, and consecrating national
character."
GOVi
RNMENT IS PREPARED,
SWISS MINISTER SAYS.
(By Review Leased Wire)
j THE HAGUE, -Nov. 28. Priemier:
I Can tier Linden, during the buaget de- j
bate in the second chamber today,
said that the government was entirely j
united upon its foreign policy and
would continue to exercise the strict-;
the war. We will not allow the misery
,..
neutrality we are supporting tne ideals
of the future the community of peo
ples which shall be repuliation of
war."
WESTERN STATES ARE
QUARANTINED BY GOVERNOR
CHEYENNE. Wyo.. Nov. 28 Gover
nor F. A. Howx today declare da quar
antine effective December 1 agains:
dogs and livestock from western
states. Theorde ris issued to check
the spread of rabies which is reported
to be causing widespread .'.issej in Ma
ho and other western states.
incorporated in the quarantine proc
lamation U an ordiT tr.a: all unmiu
zled dogs in the western part ow the
state be s(-ot on sight. All infected
livestock shall be destroyed, the order
further provides.
DISTINGUISHED SERVICE MED
ALS MAY GO TO AMERICANS
AMERICAN TRAINING CAMP IN
."RANCE. Nov. 28 (By the Associate!
Press.) The ranking officers o.' the
American army in France have pas3-
-rf on to heidquarters recommenda-j
tions for some sort of a medal to be ;
. ..urvfd tor distinguished service. It ,
is suggested that the decoration be!
distributed in a manner similar to
che decoration of the French warj
cross for deeds of valor of leas iiu-1
portance than those for which the;
7rench medal of honor ia given. j
WHEN HEALTH i
TAKES WING!
. j
"When heal h affrighted spreads herl
rosy wing and flies with every chang
ing gale of spring" take Number 40!
For The LMood. Employed !n blood I
ooison, rheumatism, catarrh, constipa-j
tion, liver, kidney and stomach i
ti'jublcs, mercurial, lead apd zinc pois- j
oning. Under its use sores, ulcers..
nodeH. tumors, pimples and scrofulous'
awelliugs disappear as if by magic.
Made by J. C. .Mendeniiall, Evaiisville. ,
Ind., 40 ears a druggist. !
Sold exclusively In Bisbee at Central ;
Pliarmac). opposite Orplieum. in Lo
well by Lowell Drug Co., in Douglas by
Owl Drug Co. Adv.
SHAKE INTO YOUR SHOES
A. 1iib fr'tEa', Hie aD:tM-pnc powu? ;t t
hjiken tnio lh !ior and rinklr1 in iiit;f ot
baili. It rHi, ,&!ntLil, pnuik'Ti, ,irurtir.r f-er
and takr tfe, t"nu out of r irni- ai d bun . !m.
Notliini; mt ni U It aud fx rujitl -iit r, li-1 fm
wc!i.u. cai'O ie. iiikI. Hiii;i,,r u .- .M'u.'e
lM-iM. t;.f ataDOard mind-- f ts v-!j.
sid hy lrjc;"i c-ei ." '
U m !r- ii U' ' ? : ,. I '-j . ' i ..i..
Auti a. c.u. eJ, Lu i.jt i.
T 1)6 tSBSt
contractors in Bisbee buy
from US. They figure it
is WORTH WHILE to do
o. WHYDONTYOU?
If you need them to
figure your work PHONE
LS and we will see that
they get in touch with
you.
If your contractor has
NOT figured with us ask
him to do so; it will be to
your benefit.
Gibson -Hines
Lumber Co.
J.W.F Smith, Mgr. PSoce88
GUARD YOUR
'"" HEALTH!
Use Pasteurized Cream and Milk
At Your Grocer.
The Pure Milk Depot,
Johnson Bldg, Main St
BISBEE TRANSFER.
STORAGE & COAL CO.
Warehouse & Office Opposite Depot
PHONES 640 and 50.
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Solicits Your
Patronage
PHONE 58
FiflSLADDER
Muni la
24 Hours
Each Or-
Beireurtcf counterfeit C
CHICHESTER 8 PILtS
etn k nowu is Bat. SaK. Al.v
SOLDPYPRL'SriFTSFVycwWRF
w
i.
AaiViIK
a rr n rii
lil-r.-lcA M.moud TlrHA t Y
VIM. In R.4 u l C. li .ciAVV j I
TL nthrr Hr, .f tot, V I
tniclirt. Ask'-trllM irV.TBS
L. J. OVERLOOK, BROKER
Correspondents: Paine, Weber A. Co, Boston, Duluth, Calumet.
LOGAN & BRYAN, NEW YORK AND CHICAGO.
SPKCIAJ. ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK.
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
AND HIGH CLASS CAFE
I he best o! everythina ai reasonable a la carte price
Special 60c luncheon daily. Also $ 1 .00 dinner from
5:30 to 7:30 p. m Regular Board by the month. $40;
$ 1 0 by the week.
Henry Poppen, Manager.
will
Bisbee Lumber
EMIL MARKS. MGR.
LOWELL
r j. b. i
ANGIUS I
PURE
FOOD
GROCER
PHONE 29
SUITS
MADE fh
ORDER Ijl
To S20
Remember, these suits
are made from genuine
$25 materials.
Every thread guaran
teed Strictly All Wool
with a satisfactory fit or
your money back.
WE MAKE A SPECIALTY OF
LADIES' ALTERATIONS.
D. H. Evans
BREWERY GULCH
Opposite Uncle Jim's
Closing Out Odds and Ends
-IN-
Men's Suits
$12 to $15 Values Now
$6.95
CARO&CO. 20 Brewery Gulch
EYE NERV E GLASSES
search work since
1892. Is the cause of
my successful practice
in Bisbee. Dr. R.
Glaze, Neurologist,
K.oom 1. Maze Bldg.. Phone.- OSlce
loii. Residence, Black 420.
Telephone A4t
A Phone Call Will Bring Us.
LOS ANGELES JUNK SHOP
Highest Cash Prices Paid For
Metals. Rubber, Rags, Sacks, Bottles,
Bones. Iron, Hides. Pelts, etc
HOROWITZ BROTHERS, Proprietors
Lowell, Arizona.
THE REVIEW
Job Department
will furnish you an estimate
on that job on short notice
WaTKINS & BERGQUIST
Jewelers and Opticians
The HALLMARK Store
KEVIEW WANT AOS
BRING RE8ULT8
GOOD LUMBER IS AT THE
BOTTOM
of our buccess. Low prices may
help some, but it's the fine qual
ity of our lumber that bring
our customers back time and
again. It pays us to sell good
lumber. It will pay you better
to buy it. It lasts louger and
is more satisfactory to work up.
Try us with an order and you'll
come back when you want more.
Company, inc
CAR STOP.
PHONE 8. THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 29, 1917. ?z ?z ir
THREE
HOSTESS HOUSES OF :
Y, W. C. A. HAS
MANY FUNCTIONS
H ontnbmed ) t
A BlsbPe business man remarked
yesterday to Miss Julia T. Lee. na-;
tional secretary of the Y. W. C. A.,
who Jb making a series of spep 'ios
in the district in the interest of the'
war drive for the $4.V0.000 fund, that!
the hostess houses were foolish and;
unnecessary, and simply a waste of
money. Mits Lee replied that the
only way he could be convinced that
a hostess bouse was a vital need was
for him to ro and see a cantonment.
In the first place. Col. Paul Wolf.
In charge of an officers' training camp
in Plattsburg. Y sent word to the
national war work council of the as
sociation that he was facing a diffi
cult situation and in need of help. The
wives and mothers of the men in
training were simply overrunning the
camp. There was no place for them
to meet the men and talk with them,
ai they had a right to do after com
inp, many of them hundreds of miles,
to say good bye to soldiers who were
soon to be called to France. Colonel
Wolf said th.it he wanted the women
to come; wanted them to meet and
talk with their men; wanted the men
to see their mothers and wives and
children, as it made a great deal of
difference in their spirits and in their
work. But he recognized the neces
sity of providing a place where the
women could stay, and since the gov
ernment was unable to cope wi:h the
situation he asked the Y. W. C. A.
to come to his rescue And this the
absociation did '
The first hostess house was such a !
wonderful success that requests be
fan to pour in from commander's of
other cantonments for hostess houses.
The result has been the erection of I
jz nouses, seven of which are com
pleted, while eleven more are asked
for. One of the last to be opened
was at Camp Lewis, near Tacoma.
The formal house warming occurred
November 10, although there were a
fev.- finishing touches yet to be putj
on. In fact. General Greene looked,
in that morning and went home and j
told Mrs. Greene that he was afraid j
it would never be finished in time.j
The living room is an immense place, i
with a big stone fireplace around
which officers and privates can gath
er with their friends and relatives,
for there is no difference in rank in
the hostess house, and all are accorded
" the same privileges. The cafeteria is
a source of delight to the men. for
bere they eat pies such as mother
used to make, and sweets are in th
greatest demand.
There is a boy in' the hospital at
American Lake, ill with infantile
paralysis, and of course he has to
he isolated. His mother is not al
lowed to go into his room, but she
sits at the hostess bouse hour after
hour .and when a telephone message
comes from the hospital saying she
is allowed to see him she walks the
length of a porch where she can wave
and smile at him. then returns to the
hostess house, where she resumes her
weary waiting. Nothing the doctors
could do toward his recovery has
helped him like these occasional i
glimpses and encouraging smiles of
bis mother.
Wives 0 foreign-speaking men,!
many of them with large families, ig
norant, frightened, unable to speak !
English, are welcomed at the hostess
bouse, and association members
speak to them in their own language
and assist them in finding their men.
In cases the man has not learned :
enough English to know how to claim j
exemption or to ask for leave of ab-j
sence. These people cannot under-j
stand what the war is about or why :
their homes have been broken up. j
their sole means of support removed.
It makes a great deal of difference ;
to them to be able to ask Questions 1
and to meet with sympathy and kind
ness. It means the making of better;
Americans of them.
Briefly, the hostess house is the
link which binds the soldier to his
home. Here he comes to have mend-j
ing done; here he enjoys the same,
sort of sociability he would find in
bis own home, be it the best in the
country; bere the newly made affi-l
cer comes proudly to have his,
chevrons sewn on ; bere officer and
private meet on common ground, just'
8S in tne very popular aay nuiscr
their little children play together;
here aid is given to women in locat
ing their men they have come far to
see a work, that cannot be fully ap
preciated by one who has not seen
the immensity of the training camps,
teeming with thousands of men.
And so, as Miss Lee said to the
Bisbee man. one who doubts should
visit a training camp and just see
for himself.
ECONOMY RECORD IS
MADE BY COCHISE
COUNTY REPORT SAYS
The following is a comparative
statement showing the cost per capita
for delivering men to the railroad, up
to and including November 24th, 1917.
This statement includes registration
and all other expenses included, ex
cepting telegraph bills:
No. Cost Per
Designation Men Capita
State Headquarters 3472 41
District Board V. 1 l19 .r8
District Board No. 2 17".?. 1.92S
Apache County r,r, 8.013
Cochise County 674 1.751
Coconino County .14 11.39
Gila County .118 3.786
Craham County 114 6.537
Greenlee County 161 4.966
Maricopa County r.!l8 7.346
Mohave County Ill lO.r.04
Navajo County 99 I3.8.ri3
Pima County 291 11.826
Pinal County lf.ri 5.429
Santa Cruz County 95 8.37
Yuma County 124 4.104
State Average 3472 7.53
Dist. No. 1, Average 1619 7.60
Dist. No. 2. Averape 1753 6.946
F. S. BUEEN.
Teachers Hold
Closing Session
Orinstitutc
The regular session of the Cochise ;
County Teachers Institute was con-
eluded yesterday afternoon at the High
school. The institute has been in
sessi'.in for three days in Bisbee.
Miss McCrickctt had charge vf the
general subject of Reading in the
morning, and demonstrted methods in
the same way as with Language the
day before by primary and prade
classes, chosen from the Bisbee
schools.
Miss Hazel Zimmerman took up the
topic of "School Lunches" during the
morning session. Miss Zimmerman is
if the I'niversity Extension service.
Dr. Durfee of the Copper Queen staff,
also talked on school sanitation. .
Mr. C. O. Case, state superintendent j
of public instruction was present, and ,
addressed the institute. Miss Mc
Crickctt and Mr. Chamberlain also
took part in the afternoon program, j
1-ast night the visitors attended the;
dedication of the new Juni'or High !
school and in the evening were taken
through the mines.
ADV.ANfK OF ALLIES MENACES
GERMAN FORCES IN CAMHRAf
Caldwell Resigns i DENTIST WILL MAKE
Sm.,
Pi
.
rfLRpaurains l'a.i.
I MonchylePrew
ir
CsQuerth.n
DOUAIi
refcierw
.8
vain
Yitry
?fenn,
Bettoone
Seventy-eight per cent of $6,000,000,
000 worth of American goods exported
in the 'fiscal year 1917 consisted of
wholly or partly manufactured goods.
In 1914. last normal year before the
war. percentage was only 59.
AUSTRIA READY FOR HONOR
ABLE PEACE WITH RUSSIA
AMSTERDAM. Nov. 28. Count
Czernin, the Austro-Hungarian foreign
minister, in a discussion with the del
egates of the upper house, said, ac
cording to a Vienna dispatch today,
that Austria was ready to enter into
negotiations with Russia for an hon
orable and acceptable peace.
ncGurr
Cherts
f r w
. . -n noil iv,
1 cruellies
k. 1 CI III I
X 11
Ip3
epujny
Hendecourt
n- -I
T?w eruencourv
Bullecourt
Lcoust
Nonsuit
Jf
taqnioourt
rwrtrues
Louvervarg,
tamiuGourt
3uchy
larquioa
eant
ncny
Pmnuillp
I m Raijencourt
I CAMBRAI
SM
7
icourt
iivnnf
Position at Ajo
According to the Ajo Copper News. j
1 Ralph L. Cad well, former superintend-1
ent of the Bisbee-Warren Street Rail- i
way Company and a resident of this j
1 district for a number of yers, a young
man who has been regarded as one jf
the 1110s: promising members of tnej
New Cornelia mining company organi-l
zation. has resigned as superintendent!
of the T. C. & O. B. railroad. He has
been its superintendent since its con
struction and assistant to superintend
EXAMINATION OF ALL
' RECRUITS' TEETH
Ray B. Krebs, county clerk, has re
ceived the following letter from the
sta.e director of dental activities,
which will pi'jve of interest to all who
intend becoming soldiers:
To the clerk of the local board. Co-
ent Cnrlev of the New Cornelia. His I chise county, Arizona..
resignation will take effect December! Dear Sir: Acting under the diree-
lst. wheu he leaves to accept a nj'-retion of the Surgeon General's Office.
lucrative position as superintendent of Washington, D. C and under the dl
, the Georgia Railway & I'nwer Co.. with ! red supervision of First Lieutenant
j headquarters at Atlanta. Win. A. Heckard. Dental Reserve
Cadwell was with this company for 'Corps. V. S. A. on active duty and sta
! a few years ago. They are developing tloned at New York City, the dental
j hydro-electric power from the bead-; profession of Arizona acting through
quarters of the Savannah river. The i the State Dental Association and the
; company is one or the largest and m'jst j Preparedness League of American
I influential of i s kind m the south. Dentists, has tendered its services in
I As he is exceedingly popular not on- making dentally fit all Arizona re
i ly with the men who have worked un-, crui ji to the new national army
i der him. but with the general public! I am asking the co-operation
' and all who know him. Superintendent ,
! Cadwell will be greatly missed in Ajo. ,
I All wish him well however. Vn his new j
I field, in which they have no doubt he
j will make good. j
Mr. Cadwell has t.nsts of rneniis in
of all
local boards in bringing this matter to
the attention of recruits and iu refer
ring them to some neighboring dentist
or itx al chairman. First attention to
be given to all certified drafted men
leaving with the next contingent. It
Fiery Eczema and Skin Eruptions
Readily Yield to This Old Remedy
SncessfuUy used for City years.
OlD LINE NEW LINE
Alone the road from Baupome (1) to Cambrai (2) the British took
one after another village. Graincourt (3) to the south of the Bauporoe
Cambrai road was the first important village to fall. Then the entish
captured strone positions in the wooded district to the north and south or
the roa.i. Next Anneux (4) was wrested from the German forces .
At last reports the British were well on their way to tontaine I?),
which is within two miles of the outskirts of Cambrai. The on.y point
where the Germans made any attempt at a counter attack was east 01
Buiiucourt (6).
I the Warren District who Join in the would be a great help if a list or rerti
j setniments expressed by the Copper , tied men could be sent to the under
1 News. ' signed and also to one or more or the
: local dentists of ifjeal chairman of
1 DETECTIVE SAVES GIRL your vicinity.
I FROM IMMINENT DANGER In each of the following cities, re-
j ' emits are to be referred to the respeo-
I "You have seen me, an innocent girl. tive local chairman appointed to su-
i fleeing from catastrophe. Will noth- perlntend the work; as follows:
COULD SAVE DENMARK.
Eczema an" imi!ir skin troubles
come from a c'usrdered, impure con
dition of the blood, and they can
only be cured by giving the blood a
thorough cleansing, and removing
from it all traces of impurity:
This is why S. S. S. has been used
to successfully in hundreds of cases
f Eczema and other skin eruptions.
This wonderful remedy is without an
equal as a blod purifier, being prob
ably the oldest blood medicine on the
market It has been sold by drug
gists for fifty years. '
You are invited to write to-day
for complete and lull advice as to
the treatment of your own case. Ad
dress. Chief Medical Adviser, Swift
Specific Co., Dept, H Atlanta, Ga.
I ing m'jve you to help me?" said beauti
ful Clara Hawthorne to Prentice Tiller
! just after an explosion had nearly
I , .. ,,,.,,; , . I wrecked No. 218 Lester streeu
I spared Germany the temptation to in- accented the adventure as he
! fringe Danish neutrality in oraer to . foun(J , Ta m o episodes of ever in.
COPENHAGEN. Nov. 27. Former ! safeguard communications of Uie fleet ( creasinfr excitement and came out vic.
Premier Neergaard who is now a mem- between the Baltic and North tea. tQr -n a batUe of wil3 against
ber of the Danish parliament, in a re-1 Germany had earlier been prepared. He
the cleverest band of ci'joks the cotin-
cent speech gave it as his opinion that said, 10 occupy ueniuar m ium vl
the improvement effected in the Kiel war with England in order to open
ooi 00.. rwnmork frnm tho l.inirer I communications through the Great
of a German invasion, and that there
was very little probability of a viola
tion of Denmark's neutrality.
He declined for diplomatic reasons
to make a more explicit statement in
parliament, but outside has explained
that the improvement to the canal
and Little Belts. The control of these
waterways, however, was no longer
indispensable to Germany since the j
fleets could pass freely through the
canal.
Phoenix H. H. Wilson
Tucson W. A. Baker
Douglas L. B. Cary
Bisbee W. P. Sims
Globe W. L. Spates
Miami J. A. Rosen burg
Prescott J. Harvey Biain
Jerome L. A. Hawkins
Flagstaff J. L. O'Connell
try had ever sheltered. i Yuma ... J. P. Yemen
Rupert Julian and Ruth Clifford play 1 In all other localities recruits should
the star roles in this exciting pho:o-'be referred to the most accessible loc-
1 play which will be presented at the
L'jyal theatre today under the caption
al dentist.
The dentists have undertaken to do
a Bluebird feature in five acts and ac-1 get the men to us.
cording to the reports of eminent crit-i Y'ours respectfully.
lies is one of the ten best productions I (Signed) JOHN A. LENTZ.
REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS : 0f this season. ! State Director 'of Dental Activities.
COURT DISMISSES CASES
AGAINST GLOBE STRIKERS
GLOBE. Nov. 28. According to a
request of the eovernment as personi
fied by Joseph F. Meyers, federal med
iator in the Globe-Miami district.
Judge W. G. Shu'e today dismissed all
of the recent difficulties arising out of
the copper miners' strike.
Judge Shute acted on a resolution
adopted by the Globe miners' union de
tailing the fact that between forty and
fifty miners were held without work
and under bond as a result of rioting
charges and perjury whereas if free to
leave they might find employment else
where. Mr. Meyers explained the cases tt
the court in chambers and the union
took official action in adopting the res
olutions. Judge Shute later declared
that it would be to the bes'. interests
of the public Jf he quashed the pro
ceedings. His action. It is believed,
will tend toward an earlier settlement
of troublous conditions that have af
fected the district since July.
REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS
U. S. Food Administration License Number G-13941
Lovely New
Blouses .Reduced
An exceptional offering of Blouses that is
well worth your while to consider. Blouses
of Georgette, Crepe, Crepe de Chine and
Taffeta in White, Flesh, Maize, Nile, Em
erald and all the suit colors, Navy, Taupe,
Brown and striped Taffeta. High and low
neck are both featured. Tailored and
fancy models with large collars and trim
med with fine laces-
Values to $7.50.
Values to $6.00.
Special, at $5.95
Special, at .. .$4.95
Special Sale of
Women's Dresses
Your Fall and Winter wardrobe should be
built around your dresses.- So it behooves
you to select them with more than the
usual care, and to make sure that they
show some of these trifling, yet tremend
ously important, touches that denote them
as out of the commonplace. Lovely satin
and Georgette combinations, taffeta and
tailored serges, with satin and broadcloth
collars, at especially reduced prices.
Special at $16.50
Lovely Afternoon Dresses
Greatly Reduced
A wonderful variety of distinctive and individual frocks
in all the most wanted fabrics and newest shades, There
are tailored Satins, ' fancy combinations of Georgette
and Satin, Satin and Velvet, Velvet and Crepe Metear,
beautifully adorned with beads, embroideries, soutache
braid, laces and colors of fur trimmings.
The colors are jiavy, amethyst, taupe, battleship grey,
African brown, army khaki color, Copenhagen blue,
Russian green, purple, black, burgundy, etc.
$21.00 Dress Special, at $16.50
s
$22.50 Dress at..
$30.00 Dress at..
$32.00 Dress at..
$35.00 Dres sat..
$37.00 Dress at.
$40.00 Dress at..
$42.00 Dress at..
.$17.50
$23.95
..$25.00
$27.50
$29.50
$30.00
$33.50
$45.00
$49.50
$50.00
$65.00
$75.00
$95.00
$98.50
Dress at.
Dress at.
Dress at.
Dress at.
Dress at.
Dress at.
Dress at.
...$35.00
..$38.50
..$39.75
..$49.75
..$57.50
..$72.50
..$75.00
Millinery Specials
Pattern Hats One-Fourth Off
A visit to our Millinery Department is sure to reveal
Hats that are inimitable and original in design possess
ing every style attribute so important to the charm of
personal appearance. Rich colorings interpret Fashion'
trend. Let us show you these new artistic achieve
ments. Included in this line are the famous Gage Hats,
Gold and Silver Lace Hats and Velvet Hats, all at
ONE-FOURTH OFF
Bath Towels j Pajama Cloth
Special 12V2c Each 27c Yard
Bleached Bath Towels, hemmed, size 1 8x 36-inch Pajama Cloth with neat stripes on
32; no more than six to a customer, spe- j grey ground; a superior flannelette selling
1 1 111. -m. 7C I :1 . U ..J 17.
Ciai, yam j reguiariy ai jc yaru, spciiai u uic yu. ,t
Month-End Sale
Gift Special
To encourage early buying and to make
out Month-end Sale more interesting we
will show a large selection of pf
gift novelties, regular value Lfe H
from 65c to $1.25, choice on fj
the Bargain Booth 1
Seco Silk 23c Yard
27-inch Seco Silk in bleach and white only,
35c value. Month-end Sale price, yd-jSc
26-inch Bunting 3lzc Yard
Colored Bunting in all light colors, faded
and somewhat soiled; excellent for auto
polishing and dusting cloths. Month-end
special, yard Vz
Curtain Scrim
Special 11c Yard
36-inch Curtain Scrim in white and cream
with neat border, in Month-end Sale, spe
cial, yard 11c
Gingham Special 14c Yard
Pink and Blue check and plaid ginghams.
a regular 20c value, in Month-end Sale at
the yard 14c I
In all sizes, a regular 50c value in black
only.
Silk Hose at 95c Pair
Broken line of Silk Hose in a variety of
colors, special 95c
This Store Will Remain Closed All Day on Account of "Thanksgiving" FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 29, 1917.
Published Every Day Except Monday By the
State Consolidated Publishing Company.
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
The Associated Press Is exclusively entitled to the
use for republication of all news dispatches credited to
it or not otherwise credited to this paper and also the
local news published herein.
All rights of republication of special dispatches herein
are also reserved.
Business Office Phone No. 39.
BRANCH CONNECTING ALL DEPARTMENTS.
Advertising Rates on Application.
Entered a Second Class Mail Matter at Bisbee, Arizona,
Under Act of March 8, 1879.
Subscription Rates, Payable In Advance:
PER MONTH I .75
THREE MONTHS 2.25
SIX MONTHS 4.00
TWELVE MONTHS 7.50
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per year 2.50
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per quarter ;75
No Subscription Taken For Less Than 75 Cent.
Review subscribers not receiving a copy of The Bisbee
Daily Review before 8 a. m. will get one promptly by
special Western Union Messenger by telephoning the
Circulation Department , No. 39. The Review will con
sider it a favor if the irregularity of delivery is reported
to the Circulation Department. The Messenger Service
applies to Bisbee only.
Thursday Morning, November 29, 1917.
Secretary Wilson and his commission may not be In
sympathy with Bisbee and her little ways, but the stars
and stripes still fly from our principal buildings and our
mines are busy and our streets free from loafers and
trouble makers and our merchants and mechanics are
working every day. Whatever could this commission ask
of a copper camp in time of war? Does he like the Rus
sian style of governmental support the best?
A complete rout of iiie L W. W. in the oil fields of
Butler county, Kansas, has been reported to Fred Robert
son, United States attorney for Kansas, by Oscar Schmidt,
secret service agent, who assisted In the drive. Schmidt
said discontented hangers-on in the fields were leaving
by every train and some even were walking. For the
first time in months, the oil fields are without the daliy
fear that malcontents would break out in depredations.
Some fifty men suspected of affiliation with the Industrial
Workers of the World are in the jail at Eldorado. Among
those are two alien enemies whom Mr. Robertson will
ask be interned. Three alleged organizers of the I. W.
W. among the prisoners are being investigated now by
the -government.
At last the truth has come out. Military experts now
admit that Cadorna's blunder on the Isonao front was
the most stupid and colossal in military history. Cadorna
enjoyed a reputation as a great general for two years
Theu came the first real test and he fell like a house of
cards before Mackenser.'s iron paw. Cadorna's poor
generalship is made all the more marked by the bravery
of the Italians on the Piave line. He alone must bear the
blame of the Teutonic invasion of Italy. Cadorna's col
lapse has many a counterpart in civil life of this ant
every age. Men sit In high places and enjoy great repu
tations who never met a real test. And when the test
comes the world is amazed and shocked at the fall of
an idol it had worshipped just because that idol had
surreptitiously climbed upon a pedestal 'that stood before
its blinded eyes, and either talked loudly or said nothing
at all, in order to hide his deficiencies.
A local picture show this Week showed the American
soldiers at work and at play In France. The films were
an Inspiration. The-American soldier is a type distinc
tive unto himself. He Is the natural product pt his soil'
and his clime and his institutions. The best and most
adventurous blood of toe old world colonized the ne
continent of the west. No man or woman 'can study the
face and carriage cf the American soldier in France with
out a thrill of pride and Joy. He is slender, lithe and
alert, is the U. S. regular in khaki. He has a clean cut
face and a jaw that sweeps in a line like a sword blade
from chin to ear. Not for a minute is he to be confound
ed with the German, English or French soldier. He is
leaner than they in face and form. -The expression of ;
his face is different. He smiles oftener than either his I
allies or his enemies. When he frowns there Is more i
menace in his glance. Look closely at a column of these I
soldiers marching in compact array and you will see a j
marked resemblance In every form and fate. Broad at !
the shoulder, narrow at the hips, an angle to every jaw.
lips ready to tmile or fron, eager glances that can
change quickly to set glmrcs. They look 60 competent,
these young men in white puttees. There is repressed
energy in every movement. Iu one picture they look
positively savage as they i-et and sight a machine gun.
aud in the next they win you with their happy glance
and Iwyish enifle. The American soldier in France is a
distinctive type of his ountrymen. He Is there now by J
the thousand. In a year he will he there by the million
And he will leave his indelible mark upon the eountrj '.
and its songs and traditions. Long after he lias returned
to his home across the sear the children aud the cJifl
dren's children of the people he came to fight and die
for will tell of his gewleucss and his courage; of his
milling lips while he harvested their wheat and held
their babies on his knee, and cf his set scowl and Jutting
taw while be battled the Hun to a terrible finish.
The song of Roland is more than a thousand years old
and it is still the sone of France. Hut five hundred years
hence peasauts of tJie Marue and the Loire and the
Champagne and t'.e Aisne will sins; in the night time,
when the ttonu beats a', their doors, of those wonderful
boys with the thin eape: fares and skilful bauds an 1
brave lie:'.r '!so h'.ped free Frame Xorevar .
OUT OF THE MOUTH OF THE DOG.
Thilip Gibbs, writing for the New York World of the
French refugees rescued by the British in their big drive
over and through the long occupied French towns In the,
Cambrai sector, says:
They were pitiful groupes of men, women and chil
dren pitiful because of their helplessness in this corner
of war among the guns. Some of the women had babies
with them in perambulators and wooden boxes on wheels,
into which also they had tucked a few things from their
abandoned homes. Some of them were young women'
neatly dressed but all plastered with mud after the tramp
across the battlefields and woefully bedraggled. Some of
the little girls had brought their dogs with them, and one
child had a bird in a cage
They were pitiful groups of men, women and chil
with wrinkled faces and frightened eyes because of this
strange adventure in their old age, and young men of mil
itary age who had not been taken away like most of
their comrades for forced labor because their work wat
useful to the enemy in their own district. This was thp
case of a good looking young barber to whom I talkeS,
who had shaved the German officers and men for three
years in Masnleres. .
These people looked woebegone as- they waited in the
ruins for the English lorries to take them away to safety,
but in their hearts there was great joy, as I foufld when
I talked to them, because they were on the British side
of the lines and out of reach of the enemy, whom they
hate bitterly because of the discipline put upon them and
their servitude, and most of all and all in all because tie
is the enemy of their country and the destroyer of their
land and blood.
They told me that after the coming of the Germans
in the early days of the war, when the Uhlans entered
Masnleres and fought wit). French and English cavalry
at Crevecourt, where our cavalry was again fighting yes
terday, they had no liberty and no property. The Ger
mans requisitioned everything. They took their pigs
and their poultry and their grain and their wine. If a
peasant hid a hen he was heavily fined or put in prison;
if he was discovered w'th a bottle of wine he was fined
ten francs or put in prison.
In Masnleres there were some fine houses like that of
M. Millai?, ' a manufactut er, full of good furniture and
pictures. They were all stripped and left bare. The
very floors were taken up. In all of the little houses
there was search made for any bit of lead piping, for any
of brass or metal.
The men were all put to work for the enemy in fields
or in workshops and the women made to sweep roads,
wash the dirty linen of the German soldiers and to clean
out the rooms, which were jiitied and Refilled with
the vermin of the trenches.
Lenine, the ne dictator of Russia, is a bnid if not
an able or honest man, and boldness seems to be the only
thing that carries any weight in Russia these days. He
dismissed all generals who refused to allow Jhelr men
to fraternize with the Germans and appointed raw en
signs and subalterns in their places. He sent overtures
of peace to Germany at once. And now he has German
officials in the Russian capital handling affairs for him.
As a revolutionist on the side of liberty thW Lenine is
a wonder. He is working for the only autocrat of real
power left on a throne. And he is getting by with it
beautifully. This fact alone proclaims to the world in
clearer and more truthful accents than all the speeches
and official statements p.nd special correspondence the
actual conditions in Russia and the state of her people.
Rippling Rhymes
(By WALT MASON.)
FAT AMERICA.
Prosperity with us abides, and
want's to us unknown, while over
Europe's countrysides the hungry peo
ple moan. For years poor Europe has
been torn, has heard the battle din,
while we have planted fields of corn,
and borne the harvest In. Privation has
not made us lank, no wolf is at our
door; we have our bundles in the bank,
and credit at the store. Our table's
spread, we sit thereat, and costly
Joints we carve; and it is shameful to
be fat. while wailing millions starve.
Oh, let us discipline our souls, and
far less selfish be, and strip some
Williams from our rolls to send
across the sea. And when our noble
country calls for samples of long green,
to purchase clubs and cannonballs, or
sink a submarine, let's gladly, proudly
flash our wads, and loosen up like
men; too long our plunks have been
our gods, our shrine has been the yen.
America alone is fat, and basking in
her grease; the nations have been
trampled flat, since Wllhelm broke the
peace. And while the stricken na
tions toil in warfare, lean and lame,
and paint with blood the riven soil,
our fatness is a shame.
THIS TIME IT'S GOING TO BE A SELECTIVE DRAFT
This man. General Byng. the hero of Cambrai, com
manded the Canadians in the Arras offensvie last spring.
He has won much glory this year. Here's hoping the
powers that be will let him alone for just another week.
If they do he'll take Cambrai as sure as fate. He's a
fighter of the smashing type; not a "nibbler." There Is
a strong and grow'ing belief in American army circles
that the allies have "nibbled" too much tn France this
year. A smash is costiv but it is the only way to get
results. The "nibbling" costs as much in the long fun
and accomplishes much less in results and in ground
won and German casualties. Smash, and keep smashing
on, like Grant did from the Wilderness to Cold Harbor,
is the only way to drive the Hun from Belgium and
France.
Public aud congressional opinion is growing very
strong in favor of a declaration cf wnr upon Austria by
the United States. Austrian policies and destinies an
directed from Potsdam. Why we should hesitate for a
moment in declaring war upon the Hapsbnrg dynasty is
inconceivable. Austria aud Germany are as one. Bul
garia and Turkey are also an extension of the Gcrniar.
government. And latest reports from Rusiu are to 'he
effect that Lenine, a Gorman agent, has called German
officers to Petrograd o aid iu making Russia into a
German province. And ambassadors from those German
dependencies are still in full force and effect in Wash
ington and we are still sending supplies to Kusia. This
is a pitiful way to wage war.
The tirst page of most daily papers In the land giv-v
full details every day to the ltes Saulles murder iria'.
This sordid narrative of wealth, infidelity and murder I:
attracting more ntt'iitioi. than any similar case sin-e
the Thaw trial. As to Just why the love affair of a rich
young married man wit a a professional dancer and hi"
subsequent death at the hands of his Spanish wife should
lamiuand such a position and so much space iu grt
newspapers is past, the comprehension of any thoughtful
man or em-ii:.
CONGRESSMAN MYDEN
TELLS OF ARIZONA'S
SOLDIERS IN GAMP
TUCSON, Nov. 28. Representative
Carl H. Hayden arrived in Tucson
yesterday en route to Washington
from a trip to the coast. On the
ay out from Washington he visited
Camp Funston and at Camp Kearney
he inspected the First Arizona.
"There were about 1300 Arizona
men transferred from Camp Funston
to the First Arizona at Camp Kear
ney," he said, "and there were about
500 Colorado men sent there, and
about 500 from American Lake. With
the original strength of the outfit that
made 3000 men.
"Camp Kearney is a beautiful camp.
It is well equipped. They have three
inspections, I am' told. There is a
board of physicians that are going
through 4he reciment listening to
hearts. Then there is another board i
going through that they call the "nut j
doctors, who are looking for insanity.!
After them conies an efficiency in-j
Bisection which cheeks up the men,
according to their occupations in civic
life, with the idea of transferring en !
listed men back to their own trades, i
hut in the army service. A farrrierj
would be picked out and sent to shoe
horses for the cavalry, and things like
that.
Over in Camp Funston I met And)
Martin and he roasted me for sending
a clipping about him from the Siar to
General Wood. I just sent It to Gen
eral Wood to show him what kind of
men he was getting from Arizona.
Andy read me a lecture on doing it.
I did not know he would object. I
could not help it, if it were about
Andy.
Andy is not slimmer; he is larger.
some say. Anyway, he is in good
health. He said his battery, which is
E. was in good health.
"In Washington we hear a lot
the rumors from those who have men
at camps. We had one about an officer
or a party of officers being shot at
American Lake as German spies. No
such thing could occur without the
authorization of the president after a
court-martial. Of course, in a camp
it is impossible to prevent a mar.
with a cold or a disease from sneez
ing and scattering germs over anoth
er man. And it is not possible to get
men to report themselves when they
have a slight cold as they should do.
All the rumors about Cerntan enemies
about ti;e camps in the west have
been circulated about the camps in
the east and they are all of about tht
same substance.
"Andy Martin was telling me about
some of the Mexicans in his batterj
that could not speak Eglish and could
not write their names to a pay
voucher had to go a month without
;ay. Andy tried day after day to get
some sort of signature out of them
but had to give it up. One of these
Mexicans, according to Andy, said he
wanted to see the lieutenant. When
he saw the lieutenant he said: I want
to say that I don't like my job. 1
want to give you two weeks' notk-e
that I am quitting.' "
Copper prices now are up to the
war board. Representative Haydon
said. They probably will stay there
he thought, although they covered a
period of only four months.
As soon as congress assembles the
14 appropriation bills will he up. He
thinks congress is going to pare ap
propriations to the limit. Whatever
slips in will be by special agreement,
because some one left the door open,
or bwause it is a war measure.
"We have got to raise so much
money." he said, "that 1 think all 'of
us have the idea of getting by on the
appropriations with just enough to
keep things together until after tho
war is over."
The diversion dam at Floreuce will
he built, however, to take rare of the
Gila river flood water. The uioney
was appropriated for it. If crop prices
are maintained they will justify build
: xC' fl&jl "
ship fioii-D'" w a TwSfS IZ&zk f
PRIORITY RIGHTS
FOR COAL AND COKE
SHIPMENTS WANTED
COXICAT, HELMETS
FOR CAMERA MEN
OX BATTLEFIELD !
(By Review Leased Wire.) i
WASHINGTON. Nov. 28. A general
priority order giving coal and coke j
shipments the right of way over other
freight movement was requested today j
by Fuel Administrator Garfield to re
lieve the count ry wide fuel shortage.
The situation, already critical, has ;
been made worse by the coming of j
cold weather with its consequent slow-j
ing up of railroad traffic. In asking
the order t'oday of Robert S. Lovett,'
director of priority. Dr. Gartieid sug-j
gested it be put into force as soon as !
possible and that its operation be con-(
tinued until the crisis is over.
Coal under the priority desired '
would be moved over the railroad lines
o! with fo'jdstuffs, shipments of which j
are subordinated to the transportation ;
of actual war supplies. At present
coal has no general right of way and ,
must take i:s place along with general ;
freight. The order would provide, too, .
for priority rights for empty coal and?
coke cars which w'juld be returned to i
mines and ovens as soon as emptied.
Priority for coal shipments, fuel ad-'
ministration officials believe would go;
far towards loosening the congestion i
of coal cars at mines and terminals!
which many blame as the real cause
of the coal shortage. With the rail
roads pooling their facilities as plan
ned by the railroad war board and coat
II liittl
EMBREE TRIAL IS
STARTED AT TUCSON
de
al!
moving promptly, the mines, it is
dared, would be able to produce
very near their maximum. 1
The chief obstacle to maximum pro-!
duction now is the slow movement jf
coal cars, according to officials of the
National Coal association who issued a
statement tonight declaring there is on
hand in the country at present less
than a week's coal supply and assert
ing that industries are lacing an actu
al coal famine. If the situation is &"jt
remedied immediately, the statement
said, many of the large industries and
many of public utilities plants would j
be forced to suspend operations, prob
ably for days at a time.
The mines of the country, the coal ,
association declares are operating at
only 77 per cent of their capacity be
cause they cannot ship their Coal after
taking it from the ground. Consump
tion, it is declared, has overtaken pro
duction and is increasing while produc
tion Is at a standstill.
For the present the fuel administra
(Special to The Review.)
TI SCO.N. Nov. 28. The trial of the
case of the State vs. A. S. Embree was
started this morning. County Attorney
Ross of Cochise county has recovered
from his illness so as to be able tt oe
in attendance. The jury selected to
try the case is composed of the follow
ing: James E. Bentz, Julius L. Book
man. John Gardmer: Fred Pulotti: Z.
A. Valenzula; Daniel P. Cady aud Man-
i uel Padilla.
The plea of the defendant was with
I drawn temporarily while a demurrer
was offered, this was 'overruled and
then the defendant's attorneys asked
for a bill of particulars, this motion
was also denied. The defendant then
entered his plea of not guilty and the
i case proceeded. The witnesses were
all put under the rule and excluded
i from the court room.
First witness called was Vance John
son, chairman of the board V)f super
visors and proprietor of the Warren
Laundry. He was followed by Mrs.
Glass, Mrs. E. Burgess. A. W. Howe
and Sheriff Harry Wheeler. 1 hat
concluded the testimony for the morn
ing session. At the reconvening of
i court in the afieriAxm. Sheriff Wheeler
! was ai;ain called to the stand and was
j followed by Mayor Eiickson and then
i a number of others,
i From the present appearances the
j case will not be completed before late
' Saturday niht or Monday of next
week. The state did no: complete its
. . case today and Court adjourned over
1 , Thanksgiving day. The trial will be
: resumed on Friday mornicir. The
The steel helmets that have been ; state has about ten more witnesses to
"dmost universally, adopted by the i put on the stand and the defense hal
ftrmics on the battlefields of Europe 1 eight placed under the rule,
ire now to be used by the photojr- j
jraphers who are making the pictorial '
filstory of the world conflict. (
f: f ' JPJv
war
photographer under
conical helmet. -
PARKER APPOINTED
BY WAR COMMISSION
German Inventor
M list Keep Secret
(By Review Leased Wire.)
MINEOLA. N. T.. Nov. 2S. An or
der restraining Louis Enricht. a Ger-
man inventor of a so-called suhstitu:e
i for gasoline, from disposing of his pi'v
On Monday night t!ie Parker Joy-1 duct and from giving out information
laud shows will begiu its week's en- regarding it. was signed here today by
gagetnent iu Lowell. Supreme Court Justice Manning. The
Col. C. W. Parker has been select- substitute is declared to be of value iu
ed by the war service commission to the operation of submarines, according
furnish outdoor amusement for the sol-, to a bill of particulars filed with the
tlon does not contemplate any general i diers at "he cantonments in Kansas, i complaint in which the reftraininis tr-
priority order moviug coal in any par-, Oklahoma, Fort Worth and Iteming. der was asked.
tieular direction but it will give atten- This in itself should be sutlkient guar-1 Enricht who is seventy years old aud
tfon to specific cases and "HI see that! ante of the excellence and character
coal is supplied to any comniuuily Jt me snows, ine war service ran-
where the need is great.
RUSSIANS AND MOSLEMS FIGHT
! taries held a meeting in Fort Worth
and iuspected the Joyland shows and
expressed their approval of the attrac
tion. California Frank and his cow1ok.
ranch fir's, fancy and trick riders.
(P.y Review Leased Wire.)
LONDON. Nov. Half a million
members of the Kir'hiz tribes
tii:4tsaiTpJ hv a?elifs
Kinnnrnr i I01T. a nl ini. In nirrM. PTeSCUt the
.... , ,.r n, vI..., i...Kir i:.i:.r.ifii i" ''self is a. whole show.
hQ was born in Germany i alleged u
have negotiated with "spies and repre
sentatives of the German government
now in this country" for the sale of
his formula to Germany.
The bill of particulars declares that
prior to America enteriug the war. Ku-
richt proposed to sell his secret to Ger-
and that on No-
I ...x.nVH il.n.ilin lii.r., .,Vnl. Illurlltf. . .. ' . . ..... ......
were1 11 v"v '"- ii'!.-. . .t.v.v ...... mtny ior ?i,.u",(iiu
men anu nr
! cat uro attractions which
of the Russian "leu auu oroncuo misiem oi u-.m , ember ll'th he agreed to lut it be sold
ins the. larger project. Anyway. Soine- who has been traveling in ceutral Rus
thing will be dune wi'h the flood wa
ttr. which would raise tho water table
ami make some of the land available.
"The only thing that can get by
ibis session." he concluded. "Is a war
Ma. This was punishment for a re
bellion against military service by the
Central Asian Moslems.
T"o million nomads, who have grad
Next in' pcrr.irmance conies the Atb-
i letic stadium where George Kotsonaris
I light heavy weight champion ot the
; wrestliug world, meet all comers on
a challenge to 'hrow or pay au one
to the Cm ted States Kovernment for
$500,000 cash and $.r.nrto.Mi0 a year for
fifteen years on condition that nouc of
Atuorica'b allies in the war bUoulJ
share the secret.
Following the American embargo
ually been forced eastward by the ac-1 f'V" f ""0- ln. it"rt1 the Swiss government created
m com-
measure. It was only by .meres',- i 1 '
.... -x -j v , - . '..iioiii i ' lAtiiiiit ml it iu t.t K u u iit'itpi iiiz anil luni'Ji lain ao
I II If, tin v-viirni tt.f,v alio it in , . , .
f...i h, ...,i.r. I,.,.. iii hr.m- .may !; secured by Switzerland from
r..-. I. u..th m.wlunt . "
Tho Whip is no; tho only late ser.-1
,1 V...I iiivKiiit; it. - . ,.,,., ,., ,.M el,.:,,!,.. H...o.
....... f,,r fhlK VCiir - tilt, luiiufl t t,aiMiui ....
' ' " , ants, look part in the rebellion. Civil
and next. I war is still proceeding between no-
liiands and the Russian peasail s ac
source.
Receipts of the Bank of Frame
show there is still considerable gold
in piivate hands iu France. H is now
coming out at the rate ol about
i .10 fiaucs a week.
cording to the correspondent.
REVIEW
BRING
WANT ADS
RESULTS
'satioii.il ride with the Joyland shows.; is the submarine: tie passenger sits
i In fact there are live riding devices in a boat and enjoys a tlrjiisand mo
i all from the Parker factory at Leaven t ions wilh never two aliWe. For next
; north. Tbo m wo.it and in Kdee was-, season the Parker factory has thirty
t'.c u.ot vu':u rUU- t'v paU-iitti ' ordei. tor VJt13.ar.uH . THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 29, 1917.
FTV?
,:1
,3
REPORT OF THE CONDITION OF
The
.Bank of Lowell
Kl-.i CiiUbS J'jtEi'AKKS TO SEND SOLDIERS A MERRY XJiaS
At Lowell, in the State of Arizona, at the cloRe of business November 20, 1917
RESOURCES
Loans and Discounts, less due from Directors -
Overdrafts
State, County and Municipal Bonds
Specie ,
89,075.00
306.08
10.250.00
Legal Tender and National Bank
Exchange for Clearing
Other Cash Items
$ 2,618.30
Notes 9,855.00
70.68
..... 191.65
'to
1
V -
s ST
I-
'1 r.JB--
Due From SUte and National Banks, Approved Reserve
Agents
Due from State
Agents
9S.4U.2S
and National Banks Not Reserve
1.001.59
Total
i 1
AdditionalCity Briefs
GONE TO DALLAS
Hiss Daisy BHtcheler, who has been
visiting her mother. Mrs. H. B. Graf
ton of Younblood Hill, has returned
to Dallas, which Is her home. Mrs.
Grafton will follow in a few days.
TURKEY DINNER
Somebody is to get a free turkey
dinner at the EnRlish Kitchen today. A
large turkey is shown in the window
of the restaurant and the pers'jn who
guesses nearest to the bird's weight
will be given his dinner free today.
the Blsbee naval recruiting station
during the past year, is the stateme t
of A. Wassman. local recruiting offi
cer. Since December 1, last, 417
men have made application for enlist-
, nient and of this number around 400
have been accepted and sent into all
, branches of the active service. The
special drive the naval recruiting of-
! fleers are at present making Is on the
enlistment of firemen.
LIABILITIES
Capital Stock paid in
Surplus
Undivided Profits. Less Current Exp. &. Taxes & Interest paid
Individual Deposits subject to check $186,068.54
Cashier's checks outstanding 1,514.21
Reserve for Taxes -
U2.14S.50
..J211.779.5S
15.000.00!
.. 1.500.00 !
. 7,669.92 1
r7
s arra:ii':n- tle'
ir our solrfi-rs in -T
$187,582.75 .
26.91 .
Total
f2U,779.58
State of Arizona, County of Cochise, s. ,
I, J. M. Lyons, Cashier of the above named bank, do solemnly swear that
the above statement is true to the best of my knowledge and belief. i
J. M. LYONS, Cashier
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 28th day of November, 1917.
T. A. HUGHES, Notary Public. . !
My commission expires March 4, 1920.
Correct Attest !
L. C. SHATTUCK. i
M. J. CUNNINGHAM, Directors.
Ktd Cross workers
ChristmRS kits for
France (above) ?.nd a view of tl
trany packages ready and waitir.i
ic be shirpn; and opened ''hris:
mas morning.
The woman's bureau of th Amer
ican Ked Cross is preparing to mat e
rhe ffcrNtmai of our hoys in th?
trenches es merry as may tc. Th
sailors and t'r.o men at the rr.nt'':
tr.ents will a!.-o !e remembered. Tl:?
work is pro!re--inp with al! pcsilv?
rpeetl ss llu rc:-k::frrs m;:st hH I 1
r?ady for s! ipri?nt by the middle cf
this mcr.th. If. t.!c!ition to the wor:;
the Red Cro- is doipj: in this a
there is rrv.:.-r I e:r.ir :c r:e hy thopj
who hr.ve volnte-red to send ac
ceptahle fr'.Ttr- to the nat'on's f';:ht
trs. TJ-, t'd Crv.v., ha .Tia.lc ru'nh--a
list or th" things thi-.t will brin
jfT.test o-n'r't ar.d i!cas;irt to :l
i-oys in k.'uk: un.i i-!ue. ta.-h Re :
T-' n " " i in . A. i
K . V...V i : -.4dl,,;.::
cT-0(Jia .
STUNT NIGHT
Saturday night. December 1st, will
be stunt night in the gymnasium. Free
to men. A stag affair. The program
will consist of parallel bar exercises
and stunts on the horse. Boxing,
wrestling, tug of war and a boxing
match in barrels, will be some of the
stunts. The quar:et will furnish so
fos, duets, quartets, piano solos, and
other musical stunts. The clowns
will also perform. Come.
OPENING RUMORED
Rumors are still going the rounds
about the repenlng of the "4CV at
Cananea, which have had their mines
and smelter closed down since last
June. Last week five tank cars of oil
consigned to the company arrived In
Cananea. Monday five of the men
higher up in the engineering and op
erating force went in by stage, and
are reported still in Cananea examin
ing the smelter and works.
YARN RECEIVED
The Red Cross has just received a
shipment of yarn to be used in knit
ting sweaters and scarfs only. Mrs.
A. J. Balmforth will have charge of
the knitting in place of Mrs Fty. This
yarn can be obtained front Mrs. Balm
forth at the Bisbee Red Cross rooms
on Tuesday afternoons and at the
Warren Red Cross rooms on Friday
afternoons AH finished work must
be returned to her personally on these
afternoons.
DOROTHY PHILLIPS AT CENTRAL
Movie fans will remember Dorothy
j Phillips, whose sensational success as
the star in "Hell Morgan's Girl" won
her fame. She shows at the Central
tonight in another great western
play, "Pay Me." The man who so
deeply wronged another went 17 years
J without balancing his books, but In
I the end he had to pay. The final scene
: Is a dramatic triumph. Miss Phillips
! is a real rival of Dorothy Dalton. the
! Ince star, in this class of play. Beau-
tiful, intense, daring, original, she
sweeps through the scenes like a
fresh wind through a close room.
-OUR HUNDRED
About 400 men have been sent from
Arrangements hare been made for
marketing the surplus Pacific coast
wheat crop in New York through
ocean transportation via the Panama
canal.
Iar:i;nta -ir kh::ki
pad. f.eiic:!. soap, playing cards, . .:&d a Christmas card
an; one blue Umfe, chocolate ir hard sujeur candy,
nannereiiiei. a envelopes, cij.are:s. pipe avid .obacco
POPE'S HOPE FOR
AN EARLY PEACE
HT CHANGED
Papal Secretary Says No New
Proposal is Being Planned
Catholic Church Wants
Christian Peace.
(By Review Leased Wire)
ROME, Tuesday, Xov. 27. The
secretary of state. Cardinal Gasparri.
answering the numerous criticisms re
garding the Vatican's peace attitude,
issued to the press today the follow
ing statement:
'The holy father is not preparing
any new appeal looking ioram io, Catholic clergy, and least of all the
peace. His earnest desire. niany)auRUSt person of the sovereign
times manifested, for a just. Christian ! pontiff.
and durable peace. Is unchanged andj in one ca8e the noly see ordere?
cannot change. Who can crave any , the suppression of a newsoaoer con
NAVAL
pn TPn
UUI1I1
TRANS-ATM
SHIPS
mm
ED
ble persons have circulated and aro
circulating in the foreign world.""1 i
American Propaganda Denounced
"Malicious insinuations propagated
In America and the tendency to at
tribute in great part to the Italian
clergy responsibility for the recent
situation must be denounced. In Italy
no fair-minded person is attributing
the situation to the clergy.
"When the disruptive propaganda eamen Will Be Enlisted as
uegan 10 acm lue morale 01 Hie ua'-
ian army the clergy in general and
also the army chaplains, following the
instructions and the example of the
chaplain-in-chlet labored to counter
act it and elevate the morale of the
troops. More than once the army
chaplains informed the chpplain-in-chief,
who informed the supreme civil
authorities of the disruptive move
ment that was creeping in and si:
that long before the publication o'
the psDal note.
Catholics Not Responsible
"The true causes of the recent Ital
Ian reverses are perfectly well under
stood In Italy and the shoulders on
which rests the responsibility for the
reverses are well known, a responsi-
in overseas service and virtually all
of the new ships coming lroin til
ways will be put in:o the trade.
is estimated thai some Io.imH) mer
chant ship ot'Iicers and seamen will
up taken iuto the navkl reserve serv
ice. Recuiiations will undergo adjust
ments designed to make enlistment
e.isy.
Owners Will He'p
The problem o p-y P:r both otVi'.-er.-and
men has been solve-l by an ar
rangement under which owners c.
vessels would make up the d'tYerencr
between the navy vay and tiie pres-
Reserve Corns ShiDDins 1 enr ratt'- A" ,'nlis,,,, ,uan ';"
reserve vorps snipping . (he nHVa, reerve is )aiu abmit one.
Board Favors Move. (third of what ordinary seamen in the
merchant service now are drawing.
Merchant fleet ciliceis abo ar ncv.
paid wo e thr.n are naval officers m
the lower commissioned grades.
Beth the shipping braid and t!?e
navv depariment ' are conducting
? ANARCHIST PLOT
DISCLOSED BY
FEDERAL
AGENTS
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. Nov 2s. Na va i
operation of all Ame:ican merchant
icVis planned bv the government to ! training schools, and under the plan
safeguard vsesels traversing the sub
marine zone. The proposal has tiu
approval of becretanes. I'.aker and' , "
Daniels and will be adopted bv U'.c
shipping board.
The plan is to operate the ships I
the shipping board's .schools wiii be
turned ovei to the :avy department.
Many Are Needed
More than KJO.Ooo officers and me.i
it is estimated, will be needed to
man the great fleet of vessels Anieri-
ar.
with naval reserves, enlisting into the ca shipyards will turn ou' next yea
service the present officers' and men ne lec.ded advantage of naval 01
biltty which certainly does not touch of tile merchant fleet. Those who do
not wish to enlist will be shifted to
tie South American a;ui Pacific
tiades. although the officials believe
op
eration of the merchant fleet, pointed
out tonight by otfidals. is that in a
pinch the merchant fleet could call
(By Review Leased Wire.)
DOSTOX. Nov. US Agent3 of the
department of justice here tonight
confirmed the disclosures in Seattlt
of th" existence of an anarchistic plot
to sci9 foods'uffs in various parts of
the country. They also said that Bos
ton wat believed to have been selected
as the center of the intrigue. It was
their opinion that the neighboring city
of Lynn was the general headquarters
of the conspirators, although the ring
leaders maintained their homes else
where. Kvidenrp of a startling nature has
been obtained, according to the federal
officials, but has been withheld from
the public pending the trial of three
Lynn men who were arrested six
mouths ago charged with conspiring
to counsel young men against the se
lective draft act.
The defendants are Louis Galleano.
thing else and call himsei: a Chris
tian? "To say that his holiness favors, or
has favored, or will favor an unjust,
un-Christian and unendurable peace
is not only false but also absurd. Any
taining Imprudent observations.
Vatican Addressed Heads
"Finally, it is necessary to repeat
that the pontifical appeal, which some
have Ignorantly criticised, was ad
dressed to the chiefs of the goverf
propaganda for such a peace, alleged nients for consideration in the offlcia
to be conducted at me Vatican s in-; chancellories. The governmental au
splration, especially In certain na-i4utnoirtje8 gave jt to tjle press an(j the
tions. is the product of pure malicious-! puDiic Tne nolJP see published and
ness- I commented on it in the Osservatore
"The Catholic church has always Romano, the Vatican's official organ
garded true patriotism as a Christian i ony wnen the false interpretations of
duty and a Christian virtue, .and still ! others, w hether innocent or w illful,
so teaches. The fact that the Italian : necessitated such action."
parliament has had warm regard forj
the clergy should be sufficient to re
fute the calumnies which irresponsi , REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS
Oveipworted
must learn not
nealect their health
How Women are Restored to Health
BparUbbug, B.C. "For nine years I euf
fered from backch, weaknees, and irregu
larities so I could hardly do my work. I
tried many remedies but found no perma
nent relief. After taking 'Lydia . Pink- r
liuu's V egetable Compound I felt a great
change for the better and am bow well and
et mug so I have uo trouble in doing my work.
I bop every user of Lydia E. Finkham's
Vegetable Compound will get as great relief
as I did irom :u aso." Mrs. S.D.Mc Abes,
JJii Dewey Are., Spartanburg, . C.
Cbicngo, ia. "For about two years I suf
fered from a female trouble so I was unable
to walk or do any of my own work. I read
abo"t Lydia . Pibltham's Vegetable Com
pound in the newspapers and determined to
try H. It brought almost immediate relief.
liy TrrahDC ja has entirely disappeared and I
Dcverbad better health. I weigh l'i&poun!s
and am as etmug as a man. I think money
is well spent which purchases Lydia E.Pink
bnm's Vegetable Compound." Mrs. Jr.
O liRVAM, 17 jS Newport Ave., Chicago, 1U.
VOU dAN RELY UPON
LYDIA E
VEGETABLE CO
the great majority are ready to enter
ti e na-. y service.
Xaval opurati(;n of tb3 luerchan
9'et has been talked of since the
United States went to war, but here
tofore the shipping board has ob
jected to naval crews for any vessels
ither than transports.
Officials Wen Over
Officials of the board, however,
dnally have been won over, and at ?
xniercnce today with war and navy
department ofhcials they indorsed t!u
Ian as the best method of getiinv
and keeping trained and discipline!.
:rews. It will be foimaliy udopui
robi,bIy iit.M week.
A greatir lart of she A:.iri'an
r.erciiant marine already is ensuru
on the regular navy fcr men. The ' proprietor of a umall newspaper oall-
ii:tent!on, however, is to use far as ot the Chromrle. and John Kranio and
to I
y.kinM 3
MPOUNP
"csiiitle only men in the reserve serv
ice. Objections Are Expec'ed
It is considered likely that some
stamen will refuse to enter the re
si rves because of the fact that once
in and called to active duty a man
cannot resiun during the wj.r. . riucb
mi.n would be placed on ships in other
trade routes, but eventual!.. , h steins
probable the plan v ill be extended to
ell services, and nu .1 retusing to
join 'he reserves niuy be forced out.
XaMci'.i'liz: tio;; nf ti:5 men-hart
fieet by using n:r al re.-c r .e crews
wi'.l ' avt no prac ictl vffect uron t'n
treatment 'f the ! ips 'n foie'j-i
pcrts. as ail of ti-e;ii will ply to a!ih'(?
countries. It probably will make the
trews liable to capture as prisoners
of war, but since te German sub
maiines rarely undertake to carry off
prisoners the effect of this will be
negligible.
Carlo Valdonieci. The case was to
have been tried in October but a few
days before thp date set the trial was
postponed or the ground that the gov
ernment had obtained additional im
portant information. Federal agents
said tnnijsht the evidence involved al
leged conspirators in various parts of
the country, whose movements have
been traced. Much of the information
was obtained, it was said, from articles
appearing in the Chronicle.
In connection with the report from
Seattle that Italian leaders had tolu
their followers that ISoston police had
been furnished with machine guns to
e,!!-il food riots, it was recalled that
the state public sa'ety committee
equipped the police several months
ago with rr.pid firers to safeguard the
public interest when the national
guardsmen were called into federal
service at the outbreak of the war.
Commission to
Arrcuwe Prices
fs i 71 iillci"'(t to have plotted the ass.isslna
(Ji I Tlilt i CtDCT r lh, Ki,1K of ,tnlv :,ml ,i,"rl'-
'ancos in this country, were all in cus-
M AN Y ARE HELD.
PKATTLK. Vah.. Nov. 2S. Ccm
missi'ji'er of Immigration Henry M.
White taid tonight he was confident
that the leaders of the Circola Studi
Soi'iali. a society of Italian anarchists
VASillNi'!().. .ov. ilca.i.iust
uient r pric.'s of ptint pa'.nr ar.d iiis
tribution ol blocks was turned over to
day o the federal trade couimission by
the department of justice. Coiinuis
s 'jner W. 11. tolvt-r and Dr. L U. Mer
chant, who were in charge of the invt s-.
ti.atijn of tue industry, immediately !
ueaii preparations to carry out the
agreement reached with iiclicted man-1
lU'acl.irt-rs at New York several days !
ai;o. !
LSulorc a price is Ii.cd am! a system i
of eti.ii.ahl distribiiuoti arranged it is
probable that hearings will he held.
poi-mly in dilicient parts of tne ceiiu
t:j.
Cr.iuili.iii ;; ici.;, ami supply which '
v ere cotioidered by tin: commission at !
r i-ei-t v. j;i ior'!n -tv; heie with Kobcrl
iJ: .i: le. the doin -i:oii's paper com-'
ini-i. . .iici w iio po.s:xwf dictatorial,
piwrs a-, io pi ice piobait!) will be,
It: '(! r t il tn ! i:il.iir ioncr t oh er ,
ulio. t'y arei'tiicr. . now has irt.i;tlly
!: ; lne powers .' Ihc ( aii.ldiati mm-tii:;ioin-r.
While liie Canadian price
il.is hei a set at il .in per hlllull'i'd
pomn;.-.. t".c Aiiii rii an iiiarki t piii-e
nas aciag tl and highei. attract-
ii ; rent nnaiititoN of pape.' anil
c.ol-tiig piotcsts f.iiiii Canadian pub-li.-lic'..
!
Th" price tiw-il i inpo'ai' ly tor th"'
ineiiiaii 'irodiK t is Ji'. .t id t'.H.aili.iti
tnriti'ilarturer:: have pro' c ted iii;r.
:.' i M i.. 'on lov.
ti.'dy. Approximately 7o men are un
der arrest here and in other northwest
ci'ies.
Additional arret ts are expected, liow
ever, and a number of federal agents
are c-onductmg investigations at vari
ous points in Washington and Oregon.
Mr. White expressed confidence that
the activities of the organization in
the Pacific northwest had been ended.
Those in custody are held on depor
tation warrants from Washington.
Those who are not American citizens
anil who are shown to have been mem
bers of the anarchist society will be
(,er.t hack to Italy, where they can be
dealt with by the Italian government.
I-'ederal officials are aid to have evi
dence showing that cue niectirg
tiniir'-liist volunteers lor the assassina
tion of the king of Italy were culled
for.
It :. al o asserted thit the society
had plotted to seize supplies ot food
si lifts at various points in the Tinted
States. The society's principal aim.
bi-weMT. is said to have been the
weakening of tho morale of Hie Ital
ian armies by a pro ttcrnuri pcaie a
;my price propaganda.
WAR 3KIDE.
M:s Cora Morseo r ! First Serg
eant Wilev I,. Klliotl of the 35111 lil
fan'rv were married Wednesday in
.!: U Winter's, court. The justice of
fh i-.'m
EAT YOUR
Thanksgiving Dinner
AT THE
TODAY
Fresh Oyster Soup
Young Celery
Choice of Goose or Turkey
Choice of Our Challenge
Pastry or Ice Cream
WITH DRINK
i
I
160
.
, Rsh
adquartersil
FRESH ARRIVALS THROUGHOUT THE WEEK
DAILY DELIVERIES TO ALL PARTS OF THE WARREN D1ST.
MONEY SAVING PRICES
Whole Sliced
Salmon 25 30
Halibut
Barracuda
Yellowtail
4
Kingfish
Smelts
Rock Cod
TOVR!
BISBEE PHONE 14
lV2 20 r
7Vz 20 !
172 20 ' '
Wz i
1 7l2 ;!
172 j
1
LOWELL PHONE SI
niAliW" SIX
THE EISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 29, 1917.
I
BOLSHEVIKI PEACE
PLAN MAY BE GREEK
GIFT HUNS BELIEVE
( By Review Leased Wire)
STOCKHOLM. Nov. 2S. While in
dications are lacking in the current;
;d:eviki demand for the freedom ofi
nations "rei ard'ess (if their lie-!
ytre of civilization or geographical1
situation." involves the condemnation !
and overthrow of every nation's co-j
loni.il policy. The Bolsheviki realize
that their kniil of peace is possible!
fii:)v afle i; revolution in all conn
tries, he adds, but they do not ieali.t.
that it would also be impossible."
The German government, Herr
Vorst continues, has taken the standi
thai it does not intend to interfere
PA' TRAIN IS
DYNAMITED BY
Wilson Extends
License Control
To Importers
r
66
German comment as to what the re-, with the internal affans of o.her
sponse of the central powers to the , countries, but Lenine. on the contrary
ISolsheviki peace proposals will be, wishes to overthiow the social struc
the press utterances indicate thatture of the whole world, and the
there are already many Germans who.: peace negotiations are for him and
are convimed that Nikolai lnine's jiis followers only a means to this
doctrines would upset the political end.
and social systems of all the nations '"Any government," the writer goes
of the world and bring a peace which on. ";hit thinks it can "treat" with
would prove to be a Greek gift. l.enine in the traditional manner is
One of Germany's ablest writers on mistaken, for l.enine and his follow
Russian affairs, Hans Vorst. writing ers have no desire to represent any
in the Tageblatt of Berlin, raises a Russian interest, but solely the inter
warning against the delusion that tin'1 est of the internal proletariate."
Bolsheviki peace program conrre- Herr Vorst continues;
sponds with the program of the cen- "The solution would be for the gov
tral powers. ,einments of the ccnrtal powers to be
Socialist Not Representatives able to meet the Bolsheviki doctrines
"No party in Germany," he says, by presenting a comprehensive peace
"would be willing to subscribe to such, program of their own."
a program. The independent socialists j .
have no right to consider themselves' , ....
lepresentatives of the same ideas as Automobile si-pplies and repa.rs, ex
Comrade Lenine. who continuously . t-lusivcly for Fords. Accessories the
condemns thein as opportunists." ; best in all regular lines, and noveltieft-
Herr Vorst points out that the Bol-'HC.id & Bledsoe. Phone 686. Adv 138
V LLA'S HR
Crafty Bandit Leader Seizes
Railroad Sonora General
Killed Soldiers Secure
60,000.
3c to $3.00 or Higher
You would certainly smile if Arizona & Refining shares went
from 3c to J3.C.0 or higher especially if you owned a block of the
stock. You would have a sad, sick smile if you didn't have from
100 to 10,000 shares.
There isn't a man or woman who Isn't able to handle at least a few
dollars' worth of these shares and they would buy they would take
the chance if they would consider just a few facts pertaining to the
organization, management and plans of this company in giving you
these facts below we will "boil" them down... If you will write for
the literature you will find them elaborated.
1 The company is being managed by such well
known Arizona men as Hon. David F. Johnson, Stale
Treasurer; Hon. H. G. Richardson, County Attorney
for Pinal County; Mr. E. A. Edwards, ihe noted geo
logist. AS AN OIL EXPERT, Mr. Edwards is en
&rsed by E. L. Doheny, Lyman Stewart, President
of the Union Oil Company, even the Standard Oil
Company speaks highly of E. A. Edwards.
2. The company owns a quit claim deed to 640 acres
in the Chino Valley Oil Field of Arizona where oil has
already been discovered. This field has been passed
on by Dr. Etiene A. Ritter, known the world over as
an eminent geologist, at present connected with the
Midwest Oil of Oklahoma.
3. The company has a permit to sell its shares, is
sued by the Arizona Corporation Commission. The
permit is signed by Hon. F. A. Jones and Hon. A. A.
Betts.
4. All the shares are treasury stock, not one solitary
share of promotion stock, no one gets a share, not
' even the officers and directors, unless it is actually
paid for.
5. The company's capitalization is $500,000 par
value 10c and the General Securities company
with the co-operation of the people of Arizona wiU
sell sufficient stock to net the company approximately
$100, CC0 or enough to sink at least two wells to a
depth of 2,000 to 2,500 feet
6. Not one dollar of salary is being paid to any of
the officers or directors, even E. A. Edward's salary
does not start until the 1st of December, when he as-
' fumes charge of actual operations.
(NOTE): You may ask at this point why this unusual organization,
why these philanthropic motives. It is simply this the syndicate
which organized this company controls thousands of acres of land
adjoining the property owned by the Arizona Oil & Refining Com
pany. When this company strikes oil, their land will be worth mil
lions of dollars where it is worth today thousands. Why shouldn't
they allow every dollar that goes into the treasury to be used for a
development fund?
7. The General Securities Investment company believes sincerely
in this proposition. Their books show today that they own several
hundred thousand shares of the stock that they have not sold. They
are prepared to spend $25,000 in publicity to thoroughly familiarize
the western people with this project.
WE OFFER TODAY THE UNSOLD BALANCE OF OUR ALLOT
MENT AT 3c A SHARE 3c NOW AND 3c WHEN OIL IS STRUCK.
There is only a limited amount left at this price, the next advance
will bring the stock to its par value 10c. When the drills begin to
penetrate the ground every share is worth its par value. When the
company starts to drill it will keep drilling for the people of Arizona
from the miners to the great public officials will "do their bit" to
find oil in Arizona and put our great state on the map as an oil
producing state and when we find the oil $3.00 a share for this
stock will look just as small we believe, as 3c does today. One well
producing 100 barrels daily will make the stock worth from $5.00
to $8.00 a share.
Cut this cupon out today and send us
$300.00 for 10.000 shares $150.00 for 5,000 shares
30.00 for 1,000 shares 3.00 for 1(V3 shares
Don't wait! Fullest particulars with affidavits and endorsements
mailed on request.
.General Securities Investment rorporation
Established 1905 Reincorporated 1917
Main Office Second Floor Chamber of Commerce Building
PHOENIX, ARIZONA
PHOENIX, ARIZONA
G. L. STRONACH, Agent,
Sasse's, Main Street Bisbee, Arizona
COUPON USE IT NOW
General Securities Investment Corporation, I
Phoenix, Arizona: j
Enclosed find remittance of $ , covering payment at
3c per share for shares of Arizona Oil & Refining stock.
It is understood that I am to pay the balance of 3c per share
when a well is brought in on this company's property.
Name
Street and Number
Town and State j
BR.
ft
(By Review Leased Wire.)
EI, PASO. Nov. X. Gen. Kduardo
Chavez' body was brought to Jiuinv
tonight from Kl Mocho, where he wa-
killeil Monday morning in an attack
;m his special train by Villa's column.
A military funetal is being arranged
for in Juarez tomorrow.
Iite reports tonight from Juaiea
stilted that the railroad line was
cut below I,aguna. and train serv
ice from Chihuahua city had been
suspended, trains being operates
only from Iguna north. Francisco
Villa's followers were reported to have
dynamited a Mexican federal pay train
killing' the paymaster general; attack
ed and defeated a trainload of federals
from Juarez cut the railroad and fed
eral telegraph lines and captured many
horses, rifles and other elements, Mon
day, according to reliable and con
firmed information which was received
here late today from Mexico.
The attack on the pay train was said
to have occurred at 1 Moclio station,
sixty-five miles north of Chihuahua
City where a large dynamite mine was
placed under a rail, destroying t!;e en
gine and tender and wrecking the pay
j tram. General Eduardo Chavez, wL
i was on the train enroute from Chihua
hua City to Sonora, ran to tiie door tc
discover the cause of the explosion
and wreck when he was struck four
times, one ballet penetrating his fore
head and three puncturing his bod
according i'j the reports.
Six Escorts Escape.
Of his troop escort of seventy men
thirty escaped including six wounded
who were brought to Juarez late las:
night and given treatment at the niili
j tary hospital. On this train was said
j to have been $50,000 in Mexican cur
j rency and $10,000 gold which was to
I have been paid to the garrison troops
I along the road. These sums were
I seized by the Villa forces.
' After seizing the railroad station at
! Moch'o, Villa was said to have placed
j an experienced railroad train dispatch
: er in the telegraph otlice and bad him
I report the line open at that point This
j resulted in the train approaching the
j station without warning. This is an
' old trick of Villa's.
I Juarez Troops Attacked.
! The same day another band of Villa
j followers was repor.ed to have engag
I ed a ti'jop train from Juarez carrying
500 troops formerly stationed at Ojin
aea. This attack was reported to
have occurred at Gallego, 170 miles
I south of Juarpz After a fiphf of fivf-
hours the federals were forced to re
tire toward Montezuma although they
succeeded in driving off Villa atUek
ers with heavy losses Vn both sides
They were forced to abandon their
trains and cavalry horses numbering
250. according to these reports. A
j captain named Martin Ruiz was report
ied killed in this fight. They tele
j graphed -,o Juarez yesterday for rein
j forcements and a train was sent firm
! Juarez.
May Attack Chihuahua.
Villa apparently dodged General
Hernandez and his federal cavalry
column by leaving the main road from
Ojinaga to Chihuahua City and strik
ing due west from C'jyame to El Mo
cho station where he attacked the pay
train. As El Mocho is but sixty miles
from Chihuahua Ci.y, the presence of
a Villa column that near the state cap
ital caused fears here tonight that an
attack might be made upon that city
soon.
However, Mexican federal
here are assured that the federals
have a sufficient force in Chihuahua
Ci:y to repel any attack and they said
with Hernandez in close pursuit of Vil
la, the chances f capturing the leader
I of the band and the annihilation of his
followers are good. Villa was said to
i have captured three, eighteen milli
j meter cannon from the federals re
I cently.
(By Review Leased Win )
WASHINGTON. Nov. L'V -President
Wilson tonight extended to iiiipor.-,
the same lueaoiiie of o,l!i;i the gov
ernment since wrly in the war iia.s
exercised over exports by issuing a
proclamation requiring the licensing
of most of the thief import commodi
ties. Action was taken under authority
of the trading with the enemy act.
which gives the executive power to
prescribe such regulations governing
intpoils as the j tiblie salety requires.
Import licensing will be put in the
hands of the war trade board, which
under authority given the president'
in (he export control act, issues nil
licenses for exports.
Assumption of control over .imports
gives the government another power
fill weapon in tiie economic war oil
Germany. It adds greatly to Ameil-
ca s commercial power and puts this
count i'v in a nosition during the wai
almost to direct the trade of the
worid. If minded In use it in that way
the I "u it o,l States could !et it serve
as tiie h -aiost k!nd of pressure on
neutntl traders suspected of using'
American goods to supply Germany.
Controlling bo'h exports mid imports.
the government is in a position, too.
to demand of o her nations the kind
of supplies it needs to prosecute the
war.
Will Supervise Shipping.
One of the chief advantages of im
port central is that it gives the gov
ernment a large measure of supervis
ion over shipping.
If tonnage vitally needed for war
purposes is being used to transport
to this country commodities regarded
as non-essential, the government can
decline to issue import licenses and
thus divert the tonnage to essential
trades.
T!;e so called, conservation list of
export commodities for whose ship
ment license is issued except under
special regulations was increased by
President Wilscn today by the addi
tion of a long list of goods, including
many kinds of ores, chemical com-1
no'.mds. iron and steel products, many
foodstuffs, surgical instruments and-lumber.
Thanksgiving"
i i i inii - ' r-a . ... ' .. S - i"L I
For What Shall We Be Thankful?
Allied Nations
Not to Recognize
Bolsheviki Yet
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON'. Nov. 2S. There
will be no formal announcement for
the present of the attitude of the Cni
ted States and the allied nations to
ward the Bolsheviki regime in Petro
grad. The American government is
waiting boili for official information
about the relations of the Bolsheviki
leaders with
As men first, and then as merchants, we are thank
ful that to our generation has been committed the solen
did cause of "making the world ssfe for democracy."
As men we are thankful because these stirring times
have given us new visions to brighten those ideals that
the routine of daily toil cannot help but dull and be
cause in the eye3 of the people standing across tiie
counter from us we see these visions flaming, too and
we realize that we are all of us, men and women alike,
fighting or backing a fight for right against might.
As merchants, we are thankful that we have so large
a share in the distribution of those things which form
the vital and daily needs of our people, and in which
honesty of value and suitability of purpose are great
agents in the prevention of waste our worst enemy in
these war-streaked days. We are glad to be able to
serve so many of the folks here in our city, and to serve
them with an eye single to giving them the best and the
most for their money that we know how to get.
As men and as merchants we are thankful for our
opportunities for service and we pledge ourselves to
make this service Ljgher and broader and deeper a3 the
days go on. '
American Minds
Welcomed At the
William Benson, chief of naval opera-! was a guest of J dines Hazen Hyde at
lions would attend the conference, but ! dinner this evening,
it may be Jiat all members of the mis- j The Lritish mission including clerks
sion will take part. This point, which . and trther attaches numbers 143 per
is not yet Quite determined, will de- i sons.
Wfir C!nilfprP1irPlpe"d U?0" ?hat V,e, MlakfUp of thei Japan Interested Conferee,
ft 11 vtJtl ll Cf (lC 1 represenstauons of the other country
1 will be. ; Six members cf the British mission
Russian Attends.
i Mathew Sevastopoulo, who has been . among them, Earl Heading.
1 councillor of the Russian embassy here Northeliffe. Sir Charles G
(By Review Leased Wire.)
PARIS, Nov. 28. Delegates from
other countries to the great inter-alt:eu ' councillor or tne Kussian emcassy
conference, which includes representa-1 since the revolution and who occupied
fcrmant- irmv nffirr i tives from all the members of the coal-! that post previously under the old
jt 1 Uiilll Ulinr Ollll.ris, !, ..! .- -t
and toi further developments in the
angled situation.
The only official expression has been
made in a statement to the Russian
general staff by Lieutenant Colonel
TiiHasn Viiaoft rf ttiA A niuri oin rt lit o
. ' .,. . ,, . . : most cordial feeling and the desire to
mission, giving warning that the logl- .. ., , , .,
, ' , . , listen to their suggestions and consid-
cal outcome of the movements for an . ... . ... .
. . t er q fh measures as tnev mav inituifp
to che I'nited States also are here.
Viscount
ordon and
Lieutenant Colonel Campbell Stuart.
That Japan is attaching considerable
interest to the conference is indicated
the presence of the American delega
tion as making available fresh minds
and fresh points of view in the consid
eration of old questions. The Ameri
cans are meeting (very where with a
Tmistice and peace will be the cutting
off of American supplies. This state
ment, officials saH. "summarized the
jituaiicn accurately."
Steps already have besn taken to
forestall the pos?ihility of ny part
of the vast stores of supplies bought in
!his country for Russia falling into
pnemy hands. Some ships are on the
.vay but they can be diverted by wire
less at any time.
Of course, official confirmation of
he news that German staff officers
are in Petrograd advising Lenine and
his followers and that some of the
bolsheviki actually have crossed the
German border to talk armistice and
peace will make it necessary to recog-
officials i nize the Petrograd radicals as enemies.
This would make it necessary for the
American and allied diplomats im
mediately to withdraw either to a neu
tral country or to some other part of
Russia.
When the mission arrived it was un
derstood that only its chairman. Colo
nel E. M. H'juse, General Tasker H.
Bliss, the chief of staff, and Admiral
Maklakoff. the new ambassador has not! b" the fact that in addition to Baron
yet presented his credentials Vj Presi- i Chinda. Baron Matsui. ambassador to
dent Poincare as he is wating to see ! France. Kumara Koudo. eouncil.'jr to
what happens in Russia but he also j U:c embassy and four other Japanese
will have a place in the conference as are watching the proceedings. The
an observer. He has made an admir-1 conference will be held 'n the French
able personal impression upon the 1 ministry of foreign affairs.
French and allied diplomats. j
Colonel House had a long conference :
this morning with Premier Clemen-1 LOCAL MAN DIES,
ceau and another later with David I J. D. Kennedy, of the Stag boarding
Lloyd-George, the British premier. He ' houe, died Thursday morning at 1:15.
I BONE DRY CABARETS OF DOUG
I LAS MAY FOLLOW WET ONES.
In special session, the city council
of Douglas Monday night sounded the
knell of t'le bone dry cabarets of the
smelter city. This action of the city
council, it is reported by authority, fol
lowed the decision of the millitary and
dpartment of justice of the neighbor
ing to have the places closed by feder
al action.
i CVy Attorney James A. Boyle was
! instructed by the city council to pre
! pare an ordinance that will force the
j cabarets out of business. It is said
j no charges have been made against
, teh cabarets, but that the city fathers
i thought it better to close them by city j
ordinance than by federal action.
It is understood the places have not
; been closed yet, but that the owners
! will close them as soon as the new
! ordinance is drafted and duly puh
!lished. The ordinance will be voted
: nil ft'if.i ii ifrr in i
William H. Tully. proprietor of tlie'e worm wa
Rulers of Sweden
andDenmarkMeet
(l!y Review Leased Wire)
CHRISTIANA, Nov. 2S. King Gus-!
lav of Sweden and King Christian of
Denmark have arrived here with their,
respective premiers and foreign min
sters. The monarch will remain in '
'.'l.ristiana until Saturday. The city
Is gorgeously decorated in honor oi
the visit of the sovereigns. j
Announcement was made November'
16 that the kings of Denmark amij
Sweden would visit King Haakon on,
November 2S. A dispatch from Co-i
.(-uhamn .Tuesday sail tl: Associ-j
led Press con espondent had learned
rrcm a responsible source t!iat the
conference was arranged in conse j
i i'-! e of iin intim itii n f r -m Ger-i
' many t'lat the growth of antKier-'
I ni"n sentiment in Norway was being i
followed wi:h concern by Germany,-.-ind
that it was feared that Norway,
might be Impelled, by public opinion
lor pressure on the allied side to enter
at least to the point
; Plaza cabaret, the" largest and appar-jof granting a naval bare to Fnglan 1
: 8!
ently the one getting the most busi
' ness. announced fast night that in his
opinion the ordinance will never be ac
cepted by the council. The cabarets
have r.ever been In any trouble, Mr.
:Tulloy said, an.l in his place he has
always insisted that everyone behave
In an orderly manner.
and the I'nited States, in which event,
would be called upon to seize a base
in Denmark.
CHILD BURNED TO DEATH.
LEONARD RETAINS TITLE.
DENVKR, Nov. L'S. renny Leonard,
lightweight champi'm boxer of the
world, tonight knocked out Frank
(Sailor) Kirke of Denver in the first
round of their scheduled ten round
i doui at stockyards staunim neir.
(Bv Review Leased W!rp
IRONTON. O , Nov. 28. A in year
old girl, K.lbaheth Haas, died tonight
of burns su.'tained when gas. accum
mulating beneath a school auditorium
wJien a Thanksgiving entertainment
was being given, exploded here this
: afteruocn. Twenty seven otutr chll
jdren and adults were seriously burn
l ed.
7
W
eaiw
From Somewhere in
The Answer Will
ill FORD do?
STANCE
COME
Yesterday the government ruled that Automobiles may move only after all other
freight has moved.
We Are Therefore E
xtremoly Lucky
And Even Dozen FORDS
on hand And You will be
extremely lucky to satisfy
your heart's desire with one
of these twelve.
Phone 686, Bisbee
0
7
Phone 171, Douglas THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 29, 1917.
SEVEN
TODAY
AT WARREN PARK
2:30 BIG TURKEY CHASE
3:30 FOOTBALL
Junction Cole (Juniors) All Stars
vs.
Hospital Corp, 11th Field Artillery
TODAY
Satan Quits as Boss of Hell
j Louis Sybcrkrop of Oreston, Iowa.i
has acquired fame as author of aj
'satire on Kaiser Wil'nelm. Requests j
have come to him from Secretary Tit-1
Imnlty. Secretary Daniels and Roose-j
velt for copies of Mr. Syberkrop's ar- j
tide. It follows:
I
Review Want Ads Bring Results
r
1 PCUT.
2 yum u
UNITED CHINO OIL
& REFININC COMPANY
Officers and Directors:
MR. JACK BOLIN, President, Inspector of Mines for
Arizona.'
MR. FRANK BROWN, Vice President, Former U. S.
Immigration Commissioner.
MR. GEORGE MacBEAN, Secretary-Treasurer,
City Commissioner, Phoenix, Arizona.
THE DISCOVERY OF OIL IN ARIZONA IS AN
ESTABLISHED FACT
The United Chino Oil & Refining Company owns
by deed, 960 acres of land in the Chino Valley, where
oil has already been discovered, and where experts be
lieve the next great oil fields of this country will be
developed.
The officers of this Company have acquired land
that was located by an expert oil man many months
ago, before the great oil excitement in connection
with the Chino Valley was in full swing, and when
the choice sections of the valley were there to pick
from.
Backed by the opinions of some of the greatest
of our oil experts and geologists, the men of affairs
behind this company men whom you know believe
that the development of this company's property will
return enormous dividends to those who come in now
and help them in the development.
Practically every mining man in the state knows
Jack Bolin, President of this Company. Jack says:
"Oil is a speculation we cannot guarantee to
bring in an oil well, but we do propose this if there
is oil under our ground, we'll find it"
In other words you'll get a square run for your
money and if we win, you win big.
This stock is being offered for sale by the com
pany or its direct representatives, and your money,
less the commissions authorized . by the Arizona
Corporation Commission, will be expended by men
you know, old timers in this state, in developing the
property of the United Chino Oil & Refining Com
pany. Will ycu back up Jack Bolin, Frank Brown and
George MacBean in their efforts to bring in oil in the
Chino Valley will you come in with these men of
Arizona, on the new industry which looks so promis
ing for the future? $25.00 now gives you a thousand
shares $100.00 gives you 4,000 shares. You can't
lose much, and if we win, you'll never have to worry
any more about the high cost of living.
If the oil is there, we'll find it Use the coupon
today.
United Chino Oil and Refining Company
No. 15 North Second Avenue,
PHOENIX, ARIZONA
BISBEE OFFICE
8 ALLEN BLOCK
(Back of Y. W. C A.)
OPEN TODAY!
THE INTERNAL REGIONS. !
June 22. 1917. j
I To Wilhelm von Hohenzollern. King
I of Prussia, Emperor of all Ger-
many and envoy extraordinary of
I Almighty God:
I My Dear Wilhelm:
! I can call you by that familiar name,'
! for I have always been very close to
j you, much closer Uian you could ever
! know.
I In the days of Rome I created a
roughneck known in history as Nero;
j he was a vulgar character and suited
my purpose at that particular lime.
! In these modern days a classic demon
and efficient supercriminal was need
ed, and as I know the Hohenzollern
blood I picked you as my special in
strument to place on earth an annex
of hell. I gave you abnormal ambi
tion, likewise an oversupply of ego
tism, that you might not discover
your own failing; I twisted your mind
to that of a mad man with certain
normal tendencies to carry you by. a
most dangerous character placed in
power; I gave you the power of a
hypnotist and a certain magnetiu
force, that you might sway your peo
ple. I am responsible for the deforni-
j ed arm that hangs helpless on your
left, for your crippled condition em
I bitte's your life and destroys all noble
' impulses that might otherwise cause
I me anxiety, but your sword arm Is
i driven by your ambition that squelches
i all sentiment and pity; I placed in
jyour soul a deep hatred for all things
j English ; for of all nations on earth. I
I hate England most; wherever England
plants her flag she brings order out
of chaos, and the. Jrated Cross follows
the I'nion Jack; under her rule wild
: tribes become tillers of the soil, and
in due time practical citizens; she is
! the preat civilizer of the globe, and 1
HATE HER. I planted in your soul a I
; cruel at red fo your mother, because'.
SHE was English, and left my good
i friend Bismarck to fan the flame I
jhad kindled. Recent history, proves
' how well our work was done. It broke
'your royal mother's heart, but I gain-
ed my purpose.
! The inherited disease of the Ho
henzollerns killed your father, juet as
i it will kill you. and you became the
ruler of Germany and a tool of mine
; sooner than I expected.
Three Evil Spirits'
To assist you and further hasten my
'work I sent you three evil spirits
'Nietzsche. Treitschke and later Bern
' hardt, whoae teachings, inflamed the
' youths of Germany, who in good time
i would be willing and loyal subjects
' and eager to spill their blood and pull
your chestnuts, yours and mine; the j
I spell has been perfect you cast your
ambtious eyes toward the Mediter
iranean, Egypt, India and the Dardan
I elles, and you began your great rail
! way to Bagdad, but the ambitious
Archduke and his more ambitious
wife stood in your way. It was then I
that I sowed the seed in your heart
j that blossomed into the assassination j
I of the duke and his wife, and all Iiell j
1 -unilul when it .vy how cleverly yoal
! saddled the ctinie on to Serbia. I saw!
you set sail for the fjords of Norway,
and I knew you would prove an alibi.
How cleverly done, so much like your
' noble grandfather, who also secured
! an assassin to remove old King Fred
i erick from Denmark, and later robbed
i that country of two provinces that
j gave Germany an opportunity to be
I come a naval power. Murder is dirty
!work, but it takes a Hohenzollern to,
j make a way and get by.
j "Your opportunity was at band; you
i set the world on fire and bells of hell
I were ringing; your rape on Belgium !
' caused much joy it was the beginning,)
!the foundation of a perfect hell on
i earth, the destruction of noble cathe-;
jdrals and other infinite works of art,
!was hailed with joy in the infernal!
, regions. You made . war on friends j
and foe alike and the murder or civil-
I ians showed my teachings liad borne j
, fruit. Your treachery toward neutral i
j lions hastn. a un vernal upheaval,
:the thing I most desired. Your un-i
dersea warfare is a master stroke, j
! from the sma'. est mackerel pot to
ithe great Lusltanla you show no fa-,
ivorites; as a war lord you stand su-1
ipreme, for you have no mercy; you:
have no consideration for the baby j
'clinging to its mother's breasts as!
they both go into the deep together.,
!only to be torn apart and leisurely
i devoured by sharks down among thei
' corals. ' I
i "I have strolled over the battlefields
of Belgium and France. I have seen j
your hand of destruction everywnere,
i it's all your work, superflend that I
m.n vsi I hova BA.-fl tne fielll3 Of '
. IWUC7 JVU. . 11 1. V ' "
i Poland; now a wilderness fit for prowl
ling beasts J&ly: no merry children i:i
I Poland now; they are succumbed to
frost and starvation I driftei dwn
! into Calicia, where formerly Jews an 1
Gentiles lived happily together; I found
Ibut ruins and ashes: I felt a curious
' pride in my pupil, for it was all above
my expectation. I was In Belgium
iwhen you drove the peaceful popula
jtion before you like cattle into slav
ery; you separated man and wife and
forced them to hard labor in trenches,
il have seen the most fiendish rape
j committed on oung women and thobe
who were forced into maternity were
1 cursing the father of their offspring,
and 1 began to doubt if my own infer
no was really up to date.
Hailed As Wonder.
"You have taken millions of dollars
from innocent victims and called It in
demnity; you have lived fat on the
land you usurped and sent the real
owners away to starvation. You have
strayed away from all legalized war
methods and introduced a code of
your own. You have kill and robbed
the people of friendly nations and de
stroyed their property. You are a
liar, a hypocrite and a bluffer of the
highest magnitude. You are a part oi
mine, and yet you pass as a personal
friend of God. Ah. Wilhelm, you are
a wonder. You wantonly destroy all
thint-s in ytiur path and lt-uve nothing
Tor coming generations. ,
-I was amazed when 1 aw you form
a partnership with the inipis:;ill.
Turk, -he chronic killer of Christian.-,
and you a dev'jul worshiper in the
Lutheran church. . I confess, Wilhelm,
your are a puzzle at times. A Moham
medan army, commanded by German
officers, assisting one another in mas
sacring Christians is a new line ol
warfare. When a Prussian officer can
witness a nude woman being disem
bowled by a swarthy Turk, committing
a double murder with one cut of his
saber, and calmly stand by and see a
house full of Armenians locked up. the
house saturated with oil and fired,
then my teachings did not stop wi.h
you, but have been extended to the
German nation. 1 confess my Satanic
soul grew sick and there and then
I knew the pupil had become the mas
ter. I am a back number, and my
dear Wilhelm, I abdicate in Our fav
or. The great key of hell will be turn
ed over to you. The gavel that has
struck the doom of damned souls since
time begun is yours. I am satisfied
with what I have done; that my abdica
tion in your favor is for the very best
interest Of hell in the future. I am
at your majesty's service. Affection
ately and sincerely.
"LI'CIFER H. SATAN."
ZEPPELINS LOOK
LIKE INDIAN CLUBS
WHEN FIRST SEEN
LONDON, Nov. 24. The Associated
Press representative was invited this
week to pay a visit to' a place in Lon
don where a number of British offi
cers were engaged in "pinching Zep
pelins." At first sight these "Zep
pelins" seem to be Indian clubs. Then
you see that they are of leather, and
you r.otice a wire paper-clip at the
handle end. The paper-clip holds the
mouthpiece of an inflated rubber bag
inside the leather Indian club.
These "Zeppelins" are found in the
gymnasium of a hospital workshop
wher9 convalescent officers are try
ing to regain the use of their hands
and fingers. The officers sit in osten
sible idleness with one of the "Zep
pelins" in the injured hand. They ap
pear to hold them anyhow, some by
one end, some by the other. They
appear to do nothing but hold. them.
But in fact they are all the time
"pinching" them. They are working
their stiffened fingers continually on
the inflated rubber clubs, first at the
thin end, and then as their fingers
get more open and supple, moving up
and up to the thick end.
It is an odd sort of gymnasium.
Like a camouflage factory it is full
of things that are not what they seem,
and men are working hard who ap
pear to be doing nothing. All around
the room are odd pieces of apparatus
that look like horizontal bars for chil
dren of two to five years old, equip
ped with curious ropes and bars and
pulleys. At these men labor who Jiave
injured wrists or fore-arms, winding
the weights up and down.
In another part of the room is a
great polished plank, on two supports.
screwed firmly to the floor. It moves
up and down a groove of the supports
and is held in by iron pegs. At first
the visitor Is uncertain whether it is
an impossibly massive jumping ap
paratus or a gallows. It is for the
training of weakened shoulders and
arms, the patient sitting under it and
drawing himself up and down.
At the far end of the room is a
great ship's wheel fastened to the
blank wall. A man stands in front
of it, swinging it over and back again,
steering the unseen ship on the most
erratic course that a ship ever sailed.
Then he comes to the side of the
wheel and hand over hand pulls it
over fifty or a hundred times. The
observer has a vision of a frenzied
ship going 'round and 'round in a con
tinually diminishing circle. But there
Is no ship attached to that wheel. The
man has shoulder joints and muscles
to be loosened; that is all.
NORWAY WILL PRINT
"WHITE BOOK" ABOUT
GERMAN SUB ACTIONS
CiiRISTIANIA, Norway. (Cfirre
spondrnce of the Associated Press)
The Storthing recently passed a bill
instructing the government to publish
a "White Book" with reports of Nor
wegian ships lost through German
warfare and quoting the testimony
given before naval courts.
The book has just appeared in two
volumes and gives information up to
July 1, 1917. recording that a total
of T.sr, vessels of 8"i.6ri7 tons together
with 02f. sailors have been lost.
TJ'Psi1 number!' have been increased
by buses during July, August and Sep
tember, making the total itiO vessels
of l.ui'O.iMio tons with 71.1 sailors
known to have perished while the
iate of 17 more is uncertain.
Norway's mercantile' marine on Oc
tober 1. 1917, consisted of 3.265 ves
sels of 2.12,209 tons.
I The records contained in 8,000 pages
of the two volumes of the "White
Book" show plainly to what atroci
ties the Norwegian sailors have been
subjected by German l-boat com
manders. From September, 1916. five
months before the unlimited U-boat
warfare was officially declared by Ger
many, this was being practiced against
Norwegian vessels. Although the
great majority of the lost vessels are
proved to have been sunk by U-boats,
76 vessels of 120,000 tons are known
to have been destroyed by explosions
wherein 306 sailors lost their lives.
In one column is a record of boats
intended to be sunk without' trace,
according to Count Luxburg's pre
scription, as no U-boats were seen,
while in other cases the record shows
that the U-boals kept ships and life
boats under a rapid gunfire, killing
crews already in the boats. The book
tells of seven ships reported by the
German U-boat officers as having been
sunk but no member of their crew
has returned to tell of the act. Only
the official German report suggests
their fate.
Thirteen Norwegian ships bound for
European ports from Argentina, have
been torpedoed without warning. Ot
these, two contained wheat for suffer
ing Belgium and four were bound to
Scandinavian neutral ports.
The war of extermination of Nor
wegian vessels still goes on, but re
cently with rather less effect, thanks
to preventive measures and because
the number of vessels in these waters
has decreased.
The Norwegian' papers state t.'ipt
proceeding against German spies in
Norway and the heavy penalties in
flicted have to a great extent dimin
ished the loss of vessels leaving Nor-
I wegian pons, iiereioiore inese spies
had reported the movements of shiis
to German U-boats keeping watch
along the Norwegian coast for their
prey.
The press unanimously urges every
Norwegian to get the White Book and
study it in order to learn what Ger
man kultur is and the treatment of a
nation toward which the chancellor
lately said Germany only harbored the
most friendly feelings. The newspa
pers also request the government to
publish the book in English and German.
advice to
Parents
Teach your children the value of money
by encouraging them to save systemati
cally. Open accounts for them in this Strong
Bank starting them on the saving road
which vvjll mean so much to them in
later life.
Bank with us.
Safe Deoosit Boxes for Rent.
J0GG ?
-I
MS
mm
OF FIRE BURNING
OR BURGLARS
Stealing your private papers and valuables when you
shut the home for the summer.
There's Absolute Safety for both when protected
by our modern vaults
Private safes rent for $500 and up yearly.
Think this over then see.
CITIZENS BANK & TRUST COMPANY
Main Street.
Wilt E. McKee, President
Bisbee. Arizona.
C. A. McDonald, Cashier.
REVIEW WANT AOS
BRING RESULTS
I
i
i
You .Can .Get ,5,000 itoilO.OOOa Morel Miles
out of .them bylusing GatestHalf-SoleYTires:
,W will put them.on lor you and change your. old tires
intolnewiones.at'about oriehalfithepriceyouould
have to pay for. new tires. ,, , ""
Ypuri tire I comes, into our pUnt,Tworn and. scarred'
.from service,! and we delK-er.it back to' you the same,
tire made i oversize and with.'af brand-new non-skid
tread of fresh, rubber l Not, asquareinch of your oldj '
tire will be in sight.land'youlwiHinotbelable'jOite'lltj
from a new tire. V . .
Are atnclutrty guaranteed (or 3.S00 mi lei of mr wltbovt a
puactar and many uer are averaging trom b.COO to 10 (XJO mile.
You cannot get this kind of g-ran tcd irvice trom any lire on ike
market without-paying two or three time the cost .of a Gates
Hall-Sole Tire. fc k ' " V
LET US SHOW YOU
Don't throw away another worn tire until you have investigated
the Tate Half Sole. It you are paying the tire bills you wUi at m
terrted and we are ready to thow you how to keep ta your own
pocket a bit part of the cost ot new tires an1 get better tlrt jcvkc
t:ian you have ever had oeiore. vv e guarar!n IL
LOWELL MOTOR CO.
if
? 5
55'.! ,51
S, l
i Eg?
JOOT
V. A' awl
WATER
HE A TING
FUR ADVANCES
(By Review Leased Wire) ,
LONDON. Dec. 1. Fur Is in keen!
demand just at present and a marked
Increase In price resulted at the Oc-I
tober sales. Chinese, Australian and)
Kusslan supplies were very scarce.!
while American furs were not half;
sufficient to meet the demand. Prices j
ranged from 15 per cent to 100 peri
cent advance on previous sales.
Nutria, black musquash and black kid
skins reflected the advanco most.
The process of heating water for domestic purposes has been rev
olutionized in the past few years through the introduction and
perfection of gas fired water heaters, until today it is no longer a
a problem to secure an abundance of hot water quickly and econo
mically, in any dwelling, large or smalL
Today, in the countless thousands of homes where gas fired water heaters are in
stalled, an abundance of hot water is available for any purpose. By some types of heat
ers the water is heated instantly at the turn of a faucet, by others, within a few min
utes after lighting the heaters, and all without labor, inconvenience or discomfort, ind
at a reasonable cost for gas.
LET US SHOW YOU
Bisbee Improvement Co.
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS.
! THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 29, 1917.
EIGHT
Mining and Financial News
v XCvlEW
NEW YORK STOCKS j
NEW YORK, Nov. 28. The im -
pending holiday and the yet more j
drastic regulations adopted by ie-
stock exchange against profetaicual
tiading were in themselves eulucieni.
to effect a decided dteiini'.lira of oper
ations in today's market.
To the?e factors were added the
cenfiictirg advices fioia abroad, such
r s the rci;or.ed peace negotiations be
tween u.-; ii-is'VT! radicals arid tho
cs-ntril powers -r.d Italy's furtcer suo
eessful deieusive. Excjance on Rome
failed to respond to the '.attsr deiel- porary sharp bulge in the Talue. or
cpment, however, and refinances tOjCets.
the Scandinavia countries wer-i Unconfirmed reports that Baltimore
scarcely altered despite the reported jwai reselling oats wined out an ad
German threat to seize Denmark. ; vance in the oats market here. The
Rails were again consistently heavy. I upturn had been based chiefly on re
several of the high-grade Issues yield-; ports or a continued demand from the
ing 1 to almost 3 points. Two new : o'nhoard. , (.
low records were established. Penn i Provisions jumped to record break
sylvania falling a fraction to 45 and '. ing hieh levels owing to talk or im
Baltimore and Ohio yielding Hi to mense government contracts bavins
49V. Grangers and transcon inentals i been placed. Pork coined holders f oO
reacted 1 to 2 points with minor or! a bairN,' flat.
low-priced rails. Industrials were lessj
susceptible to pressure, although, los-, COTTON MARKET
rnH in the more ceneral set- NEW YORK. Nov. 28. The cotton
back or the last hour. Motors and a;
handful of specialties registered ex-,
. oalna f 1 tn SVi nOintS. but
these, too, were shaded at the heavy
. '
Announcement of the placing or quiet; spot 6.37. Spelter quiet;
several large war orders to some of" East St. Louis delivery. 7.62 to
the leading equipment companies 7.75. Bar silver,
fai'ed to stimulate issues of that di
vision. United States Steel continued. NEW YORK
it narrow movement or recent days, closing Quotations November 28, 1917
closing at 97, a loss of of a point. (By L. J. Overlock)
The net result in related stocks was, Anconda 57
dulte the same. Sales amounted t0 ; American Can 36
415.000 shares. , i American Car 66
Liberty issues contributed largely , Alnerlcaa locomotive 53
to the irregular bond market the 4 s AmerIcaa Saleiter 75
selling at 97.92 to 98 and the 3,s at SlI!rar 97
9S.96 to 99.12. Total sales of bonds.
par value, aggregated $3,325,000.
eu States bonds, old issues, were un
changed on call
' ; Canadian Pacific 134
GRAIN STOCKS Central leather 66
CHICAGO. Nov. 28. Waiting for Crucible 55
the much-talked-of increase or re- Distillers 34
cpipts tended to hold the corn market Erie - 14
todav inside or narrow limits. Prices ' Goo--' rich . 36
closed unsettled, $1,207 to $1.21 for: General Motors 88
Jaruary; and $1,187 to $1.19 Cor May, , industrial Alcohol Ill
with the final range as a whole c ; Lackawanna 80
oF to c up, compared with 24 hours,: Maxwell 25
before. Oats showed no change. Prb-Mcr'ine 24
visiens advanced 32 to 90c net. fx-j Marine Pfd... 55
cept November lard, which declined Midvalo 43
20c. I Mexican Petroleum 80
On'y a slight improvement 'n the 'New York Central -. 69
Northern Pacific 83
11 1 C07
ARIZONA
Biskc Copper Co.
PER SHARE
FOR SALE BY
COLLINS &
BRETHERTON
We Specialize in Jerome
and Oatman Stocks.
P. O. BOX 1129 PHONE 26
LIJ JIM"'.'""
STOCK NOW
50
JEBOiE-ST LOUIS
COPPER IK CO.
30c Per Share
Offering the small as well as the large investor the
opportunity of a lifetime.
This property, consisting of 8 claims, is sit
uated on the famous Lower Contact, 3 Yl miles
from the United Verde and United Verde Exten
sion, and is surrounded by the Copper Chief the
Equator (which is owned by ex-Senator Clark),
the Jerome Portland and the Green Monster.
i. Tom
Our Representative is located at
HOGAN & SEED'S OFFICE -
Mr. Esmond of Jerome, Always Picks the Winners.
t'l'yl..IWIMIi .1IIWW1I JMMII.HIII
1
LEASED WlflC
number of railway cars available was
Jet noticeable, and primary receipts
and shipments of 'corn continued to
be well under last year's figure.
Besides, country offerings remained
lU-ht. Under such circumstances the
prospects that enlarged arrivals of
corn would result from government
orders giving precedence to railway
pl.Ipments of all cereals did not weak
en prices in a lasting manner. After
an initial pair, the market hardened
r i account of evening up for tomor
ro""s fo'taay una Because 01 a tem-
market today closed easy at a
loss or 7 to 15 points.
net
- METAL MARKETS
NEW YORK Nov. 2S.
Lead,
American Sugar
Baldwin
55
L'nit-;Beth B "" r 80
C. and 0 47
C. F. and I S6
Heading vo
Rubber
52
Rep Steel 77gregf. Ther are some who believe
Studebaker
44
Steel
S'eel Pfd
St. Paul .
97.
108
Southern Pacific 0-7
Sinclair 31
Texas Oil 142
Union Pacific H4
U. S. M 45H
Westlnghouse 38
BOSTON
' Adventure
Allouez 51
t Alaska 2
Allcuez Commercial W56
Butte 17
C. and A 65
C. and H 25
CVIaf Danoa 443&
' ' I V L ,ABUU ... ... ... ...... - -
''mi.. 11V.
... ... ... ... ........
East Butte 10
Granby 65
Green Can - 37
Goldfield 40
Hancock 8V4
Indiana 1
SELLING AT-
P. Esmond
III
Worts
Inspiration 43
Kennecott 33
Keweenaw 1V4
Lake 5
La Salle 2
Miami 2S'-4 1
Mayflower . . 2
Mohawk 57-
Nevada 17V
North Butte 134
Nip.;. 84 1
Old Dominion 39!
Osceola
Pcnd Creek ...
Puincr
Ray Con
Shattuck
Shannon
Superior Boston
St. Mary's
Utah Copper ...
Utah Con
Winona
60
17
66
22
19
5
314
54
78
12
1
CURBS
Arkansas and Arizona, 5
Austin Amazon
Arizona Silver King
Butte and London 15
Calumet and Jerome 1
Cornelia U
Con Arizona
Con Copper
8
Curtlss 28
Penn . . .
Dundee
Emma ... .
Gadsden . , .
18
1
Green Monster
Green Island .'. 11
Hull
Howe
Hecla
Inspiration Needles
Jerome Verde ..
Jerome Victor
Jerome Portland
Mcgma Copper
Magma Chief
34
4
4
Vt
43
MJami Con 3
Magnate
Pitts Jerome
Rk Here 3
Snta Rita
United Eastern 3
Verde Extension 3
Verde Combination
West End 63
Wolverine Arizona
White Caps
Wright Martin ...
1
7
7
.JCEW YORK. Nov. 28. The over
night news bringing to lire a new
state, of affairs in the Scandinavian
countries was interpreted as compli
cating the international political at
mosphere. Of course there were some
who reached the conclusion that pros
pective developments there would not
in. prove tilings, and this naturally was
reflected In a desire on the part or
some' . to reduce long holdings or
stocks. Pressure was most conspicu
ous in the rail department, offerings
in this type or shares being induced
also by the uncertainty or legislative
action at the coming session of con
ici 11 legislation concerning me car
riers should be enacted next month
some .would be of a helpful interpreta-
is naturally taken on the assumption
that the carriers, being a vital neces
sity to the successful prosecution of
tne war. nothing will be done to im
pair their erficiency or restrict their
initiative. Th market, as has been
demonstrated in the recent past. will,
we think, continue to derive its bal
ance from the day-to-day international'
disclosures.
All markets will be closed tomor
row (Thanksgiving).
LOGAN & BRYAN.
OATMAN
.(By Collins & Bretherton)
Adams 03
Arizona Rex
Arizona-Tom R 02
Gold Ore 23
.06
Gold. Reed ..
.05
.15
Gold Cliff :
Lucky Boy 02
Sunuyside 02
'Telluride .07
;Tom Rd 109
! United Eastern 3.75
1 United Northern 09
i United Western 02,
! Red Lion ..."
.10
3.80
i OTHER CURBS,
Gadsden 187
' Green Monster 81
Butte London 15
! Dundee '." 50
i Venture Hill
! Pitts-Jerome 37
j Jerome Verde 81
Ark-Arizona 05
j Jerome Portland 45
I Ins-Needles 06
Hull Copper 34
i Magma Chief 37
: Wolverine-Arizona 1.50
! Miami Mother Lode
2.00
.87
.17
-;
Verde Com'
I Miami Con . . .
(Arlz-Bisbee Copper ...
Butte Arizona ... ... .
! Santa Cruz Bisbee
I Jerome Daisy ... ... ,
Nacozari Con
VeTde Aoex
.62
.03
.03
.12
.13
li
1T.6
I Calumet and Jerome 1-4
Feather River Gold ... ... .
k
JoVenh F. Cufley or Pittt-burg. presi -
... 1 ... Unr1atinn
AHsorlation of
America' and an oil producer, has
been appointed supervisor "f govern
ment oil purchases under te jr
dustrics board.
iu-
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
O. K. LIVERY AND
UNDERTAKING CO.
Robert Henessey, Prop.
Opposite Depot Ambulance
We Clean
and Press
SUITS
BELGIANS, IX SLAVERY THREE YEARS,
WELCOME THEIR BRITISH DELIVERERS
-
J A
After having lived in virtual slavery under the heel of tlirir bratal
corquerors for three years, these Belgians in a newly reconquered villaa
are overjoyed at the arrival of British cyclist scouts, vI.o are ok 'heir way
ti the new British positions
W KM
( Characters In "Pay Me" Show'trg At
', Central Theatre Today.
SUBS MORE ACTIVE
(By Review Leased Wire)
LONDON, Nov. 28. Fourteen ltr'
ih niprrhantmeu of 1C00 tons
,., -nH aevpn of less than 160i tons
.10' were sunk by mines or submarines . Mining District, Cochise county, Arizo
.62 last week, according to the woekly j na, in Sections 13 and 14. Township 23
.87 i admiralty statement issued this evcn-i s. Range 24-E, unapproved, G. & S. R.
.10 ! ing. This is an increase of four ves-B & M- described as follows, to-wit:
...sels in the larger category over thej -ROCKLAND" Beginning at Corner
.12 1 number reported sunk in last v cek's: Nq j ,ho s. E. corner, whence the
.38 report. 1 Vl-4 cor. sec. 18 T. 23-S, R. 25-E, G. &
43 lst week's admiralty renor. an-; s R & m. bears S.78' 58' E. ::233.9
160 nounced the sinking of , lr t .
.50 merchant vessels lo of more man) ..,. v -o o
.75 1 WOO ton. and seven of less to. .age., to . corner No. 2; thence N .8 20
.08 The week previous only one . raftl 347.50 feet to corner No. 3: them e N.
50 of 1600 tons and over and five lebbjS 11' W. 571 feet to corner No. 4;
... tonnage were sent to the botto n. j thence S. 8", 31' E. 1.500 feet to cor-
.271 ! nor No.' 5: them e S. 2 ot' E. HO feet
.50 1 Few Italian Ships Sunk I to corner No. 1. tho place or beginning.
ROME. Nov. 28 Italian shipping
losses due to submarine attacks iur-
iP?t the week ended November 25
were one steamer of more man
.tons one under mat 'pnuixb '
j Rmau sal ing vetei, u .
ofiannouncea loaay.
CARDINAL GIBBONS ASKS
CATHOLIC AID FOR SOLD' ER thenpe N g5.
BXLtWrT " r,28.-rardial " "7 80 feet to corner No. 3;
Ribbons has sent a Icl'nr to ail the , thence N. 2' Of W. 530.40 feet to cor
cardinals, archbishops and bishops of ner No. 4; theure S. 78 20' E. Io00
the L'nited States, asking their 10 opcr-1 feet to corner No. 5: theiire S. 2 04'
ation in an effort to raise a large fund i e. 617.60 feet to corner No. 1. the place
to be used for providing comfort for ! of t,,,giunjnfii containing a nut area of
the American soldiers and to be I lie di-! .Ju u acrcs ex,)rch!,iv excluding area
reel ciiiuriomion 01 ui iuuuuk-b i
tliis country in the war.
It was Hiiiiuiinio'l that the D'onoy
will ho .pent where neeilcd rogaidless
of religion:, ullilialioiis.
Jul.
EVERY SOLDIER TO
RECORD HIS STORY
SHEFFIELD. England. At tha Vu -
seums Association Conference it -as j cated at Bisbee, Ten Thousand (10,-; Northeast Comer, whence the West
suggested that every I'jwn should cr-' 000.00) Dollars. A premimnm bf 2 ' quarter Comer of Section 30, Town
range for a voice record from every per cent or the amount to be expended j ship 23 South. Range 25 East G. 4 8.
soldier who returned home, or his ox- will be paid to the architect whose i R. B. & M. bears North 75 35' East
periences in fighting. plans are accepted, and the sum of 2V I 3334.5 feet; thence South 51 It'
The delegate proposing this added per cent or the amount to be expended ; West 631 60 feet to Corner No. 2, the
that '.here should be records from prls-j for supervision, to the architect whose j Southeast Comer; 'hence North 55
oners of war, telling how they haa plans are adopted. For further imor- Tl' West 1018.20 feet along lijve 2-3.
been treated by their captors, and mu-j mation of architects reference is here-j Survey No. 2244. Bisbee Queen lode to
seums should contain everything that ; by made to the Provisions of Title XL Corner Nto. 3; thence North 48 56'
wuold lead posterity to see. feel and 1 of the Revised Statutes of Arizona. I West 447 reet to Comer No. 4. the
understand the terrible ordeal through! 1913, Civil Code.
whiLh civilization is pacing ai iho j The Board reserves the right to re
present time. ! ject any or all plans submitted. Plans
I will be passed upon at 11 o'clock a. m..
! NEUTRAL DIPLOMATS REPLY
TO TROTZKY'S NOTIFICATION
1 ,
(By Review Leased Wire) 1
I PETROGRAD. Nov. 28 The diplo-i
matic representatives or the neutral)
countries after a conference decided
to reply to Leon Trotzky s notifica-
tion respecting an armistice as a mat-
I ter of courtesy, as they would reply
I to the representations of a private
1 individual. They affirm, however, that
I their action must not be taken as
recognition.
The allied embassies arc maintain
ing a waiting attiiuue penains inei
... . 1 - . t
meeting of the constituent assembly.
REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS
Legal Notices.
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR U.
S. PATENT.
Mineral Survey No. 3374.
Serial No. 036C35.
United Slates Land Office, Phoenix,
October 31, 1917.
Notice is hereby given that R. A.
i Bretherton and C. M. I'.enkel, co-own
ers, whose postotlica address is Bisbee,
Arizona, have made application ror
patent for the following named lode
mining claims, situated in tne warren
containing a net area of 1S.658 acres
j expree-ly excluding area
wj(h Survey No. 315S. R
in conflict
Rolla lode or
.
: 1 ,.rcs.
; "BLACK BEN." Beginning at cor-
. nPr No (he s E rorner. whence the
Wl-4 cor. of Sec. 18, T. 23 S. R. 25-E, G.s
& S. R. B. & M bears S. 80 03' E.
it o r.- ti...nrtA v 7e w iir.O..
in contlict with Sunshine lodo of this
survey of o.'Jos acres.
"Sl'NSIllNE". Beginning at corner
No. 1. the S. E. corner, whence the W
Shoe Repair
ing at Regu
lar Prices!
Brewery
1-4 cor of Sec. 18. T. 23-1.. R. 23-E.. G.
& S. R. B. & M. bears S. 78 51' E. 6.
256 reel; thence S. 82' 04' W. 9G9.30
feet to corner No. 2: thence N. 1 41'
i El 600 feet to corner No 3: thence N.
81s 48' E. 960.10 feet to corner No. 4;
I thence S. 1 41' W. 604.50 feet to cor
1 ner No. 1. the place of beginning, cou
j aining a net arf.a of 12.0 acres, ex
: pressly excludiug aera in conf.ii t with
Survey No. 2!12. Apache lode of 0 217
: acres.
; The Io-ation notices oi thi-se claims
are recorded in the olTice or the Coun-;
ty Recorder or Cochise county. Ai izo- j Beginning at Corner No. 1. the
i na. as follows: j Northeast Corner, whence the West
i Rockland; Book 49, Record of Miues, i quarter Corner of Section 30, Town
i page 137. j ."hip 23 South, Range 25 East G. ft S.
i Black Ben. Book 49. Record of Mines ' R. B. & M. bears South 84 21' 30
j page 132. East 4225 feet; thence Scnth 32 23
I Sunshine. Book 49, Record of Mines i West 974.10 reet to Corner Na 1, the
I page 139. j Southeast Corner; thence Ntorth 59
j The names tr the adjoining claims to , 48' West 681.40 feet to Corner No. 3.
! this survey are: on the north. Survey ; the Southwest Corner; thence North
! No. 2412. Apache lode; Neglected and 32 25' East 97410 reet to Corner No.
I Anna, unsurveyed: owned by applicant j 4. the Northwest Corner; thence
i herein; Warren lode, unsurveyed; on ; South 59 48' East 581.40 feet to Cor-
the East Survey No. 3158, Rolla lode; ; ner No. 1, the place of beginning; con
j on the South Survey No. 1794, Grenrell j tainlng a total area of 12.992 acres.
I lode; Survey No. 2176, Carmelita and Expressly excluding area In conflict
I Corona hides; Survey No. 2221 Shat- j with Don Miguel No. 1 lode of this snr-
tuck No. 2: and Survey No. 315S, Car -
melita and Corona lodes on the West
Survey No. 1794. Calumet lode.
J. L. IRWIN, Register.
First publication. Nov. 7. 1917.
Last publication, Jan 16, 1918.
NOTICE TO ARCHITECTS
Notice is hereby given that the
Board or Supervisors or Cochise coun
ty, state of Arizona, invites architects
to submit plans and specifications in
' -1 . 1 1 9 . 1. n 1 : A 1 i
detail for the erection and completion
in Lowell and Bisbee, Cochise county,
Arizona, or new buildings or such ex-
tensions ana additions to the present;
county branch jails as will be suitable ;
for the purpose herinafter designated.
The new buildings or the said exten
sions and additions to the present
county branch jails ase designated to
take care for and be occupied by the
Justice courts and suitable accommo-
! dations for jurors engaged in the trial
! of cases Also the safe keeping of
prisoners confined therein.
The maximum amount of mtmey au
thorized to be expended for the erec
tion or the new building or additions
and extensions to the present county
I branch jail at Lowell is Five Thousand
j (15.000.00) Dollars, and to the one lo-
December 3, 1917.
Address all communications to A. C.
Karger, clerk, Tombstone, Arizona.
Attest: V. M. JOHNSON,
A. C. KARGER, Chairman,
Clerk. Adv-303
First PubIicationt November 21, 1917.
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR
UNITED STATES PATENT
Mineral Survey No. 3277. Serial No. i quarter Comer ot Section 30, Town
036120. United States Land Office, j ship 23 South .Range 25 East C t S.
Phoenix, Arizona, August 31, 1917. I R- B. ft M. bears North 70 S3' East
Notice is hereby given that Alfred ! 3844.8 feet; thence North 87 11 Weal
. m 11 1 .a'tiAon . - . ... j j 1
puoi u naurcsa is
uougias, Arizona, nas made applica-l
tion ror patent tor the following j
named lode mining claims, situate luj
the Warren Mining District, Cochise J
County, Arizona:
"Don Miguel"
Beginning at Comer NO. 1, the
Southeast Corner, whence the West
quarter Comer of Section 30, Town
ship 23, South, Range 25 East, G. & S.
R. B. & M. bears South 85 36' East
4941.1 feet; thence North 69 39' West
1500 feet alone lines 1-6 and 2-3 Snr -
vey No. 2244, South Side and Go!d Hill, East 915.30 feet along line 5-6 Surrey
lodes, respectively, to Corner M. 2,' No. 2244 Bisbee !ueen No. 3 lode to
the -Southwest Comer; thence NortH; Corner No. 6: thence South 56 55'
32 25' East 467.50 feet to Comer No. East 120.10 fet along line 6-1 Survey
3; thence South 68 46' East 664.30 No. 2244 Bisbee Quen Na 3 lode to
reet along line 3-2 and 4-5 purvey No. Comer No. 1. the place of beginning:
17S1 Cave lode and Surve'y No. 224 1 containing a total area of 1.849 acres.
Gold Hill lode, respectively to Coraer: expressly excluding area In conflict
No. 4; thence North 43 52' Easr with Don Miguel No. 4 fcf this surrey
163.20 feet along lines 2-1 and 5 6 of of 0.827 acres. The presumed course
Survey No. 1781. Cave lode and Sur-'of the rein on this claim Is from the
vey N o. 2244, Gold Hill lode, respec- Sonth end center North 48 66' West
tively, to Comer No. 5: thence South 1013.1 feet.
69 33' 30 East 654.30 feet along! The locations notices of said claims
lines 3-2 and 6-1 Survey M. 1953 Bryen are recorded In the ottlce of the Cbun
lode and Survey No. 22t4 Gold Hill ty Recorder of Cochise County. Art
lode, respectively, to Corner No. 6. the tons, as follows:
Northeast Corner; thence South 4 "Don Miguel." Book 64 Record of
49' East 236.40 reet to Comer No. 7: : Mines, page 402;
thence South 32 25' West 391.20 feet "Don Miguel NU. 1." Book 54 Refr
to Comer No. 1. the plaec of the be-ord ot Mines, page 403;
glnntn:z containing a total area ct
17.917 acres. The presumed course ot
tfiA VAtn nn thla rlatm tn frvim tht
West end center South 69 39' East
1500 reet.
"Don Miguel No. 1"
Beginning at Comer No. 1. the
Northeast Comer, whence the West
quarter Corner of Section 30. Town
ship 23 South. Range 25 East G. & S.
R. B. & M. bears south 85 37' East
4935.1 feet: thence Stouth 3? 25'
West C84 reet to Corner No. 2, the
Southeast Corner; .thence North 69
52' West 88fi feot to Corner No. 3,
Identtcal wtth Corner No. 3 Survey No.
2214 South Side lode: thence North
18 52' West 614 60 r-t along lines 3 4
and 15. Survey No. 22 It. Sutb Side
and Survey No. 2188, Worren lodes.
respectively, to Corner No. 4, the
Southwest Corner: thence North 32
25' East 364.40 feet to Corner No. 6.
the Northwest Comer; thence South
69 39' East 1506.40 feet to Cbrner
No. 1, the place ot beginning; contain
ing a totil area of 18.277 acres. Ex
pressly excluding area In conflict
with Survey No. 1917, Bangor Lode ot
0.123 acres. The presumed coarse of
the vela on this claim Is from the East
end center North 68 26' West 1499.
tel.
"Don Miguel Nt. J.-
j vey, of 0.084 acres, anil Surrey No.
! 2019 Little Mary lode of 5.527 acres.
and Don Miguel No. 4 lode of this sur
vey ot 0.866 acre. The presumed
course of the rein on this claim is
from the North end center South 32
25' West 974.1 feet
"Don Miguel No. 3" " .
Beginning at Corner No. 1, the
Southeast Corner, whence the West
quarter Corner of Section $0, Towo-
j inip 23 South. Ranee 25 East Q. 8.
;
R. B. 4 M. bears South 82 IS' East
4606.1 feet; thence Ntorth 59 4$' West
176.80 feet to Corner No. J, the South-
west Corner; thence North 4 49'
West 906.80 feet to Corner No. 8, the
Northwest Corner; thence South 69
48' East 176.80 feet to Comer No. I,
the Northeast Comer;; thence Strath
4 49' East 906.80 feet to Comer Na
1, the place of beginning;, containing
a total area of 3.014 acres. Expressly
excluding area In conflict with Surrey
No. 1953 Bryen lode exclusive of Its
conflict with Survey No. 2244 Blsbe
Quen No. 2 lode tot 1.403 acres. The
presumed course ot the vela on this
claim Is from the North eiid center
South 4 49' East 906.8 feet. - ,
"Don Miguel No. 4."
, Beginning at Comer No. l;fcthe
-outhwe.st Corner; thence Narth 51
17' East 500 feet to Comer No. 5. the
Northwest Corner; thence South 56
55 East 1500 reel to Comer No. X.
the place ot beginning; containing a
total area of 18.913 acres, expressly ex
cluding area in conflict with Surrey
No. 2172 Lena lode' or 0.043 acres. The
presumed course ot the vein on this
claim Is from the East end center
North 56 55' West 1500 feet.
"Don Miguel No. 4." .
Beginning at Comer No. 1, - the
southeast Corner, whence the West
r 1, u 1 1 ran in i nrnfir 7 in, mmttr.
- ww
wesi corner; mence ionu ou it
West 16.50 feet along lines 1-6 and 2 3
Survey No. 2186 Marquette No. 1 lode
and Survey No. 2244 Bisbee Queen No.
3 lode respectively, to Comer Na 3;
thence North 48 56' West 1001.00 feet
along lines 6 5 and 3-4. Surrey No.
2186, Marquette 1 lode and Survey No.
2244, Bisbee Queen No. 3 lode respec-
i tively, to Corner No. 4, the Northwest
Comer; thence South 87 iv East
1:7.10 feet to Comer No. 5, the North-
' east Corner: thence South 4S it'
"Don Miguel No ZT Booh 54. Kecors
; of Mines, page 404?
"Don Miguel No. 3." Book 54. Rec
ord of Mines, page 405;
"Don Miguel Nt. 4." Book 64. Rec
ord ot Mines, page 406:
"Don Miguel No. 5." Book 64. Reo
ord of Mines, page 407;
The names ot the adjoining claims
are: On the north the "Care." "Bel
tie Mary" and "Mascot" lodes: oa
the South. "Edith," "Lena," "Marquette
1." ."Cbra." "Bangor.- "BuHalo." "Cir
cus" and "Warren" lodes: on the East
Little Elsie.' "Little Mary" and
"Ocatea" lodes: on the West "Last
i Chance
lode.
J. L. IRVIN. Register.
First Publication. Sept 23. 1917
Last Publication. November 30. 1917.
NEXT DOOR TO
RACKET STORE
PHONE 3SS THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 29, 1917.
NINE
)
f
....
- F
)
-4
1
i
Review Want Ads
Advertisements unier this head at the rate of 1 cent per word for each
team, with- C minim tun charge of 26 cents. Advertisements must reach Th
Review offioe sot later than 8 p. m. for insertion in the next morning paper
Malt Help Wanted
WANTED Boy for shop work. Apply 1
Brophy, Garage.. SupplJLvO;. Z96
LEARN actual auto 'repairing, book
keeping, shorthand, radio, engineer
ing. Y. M. C. A, Los Angeles. Cat
alog free.
HELP WANTED Application! . for
"RetieW . route asked tor from
WIDE AWAKE boys between 13 and
16 years old. 8
WANTED Bell boy Copper Queen
Hotel.; ...........
w vtftd Bov 18 or 17 years. T. W.
C A. Cafeteria. 3
FetealeHefc Wanted
WANTED Chambermaid at Miners
Hotel. . : . 466
WANTED Woman to care for 2 chil
dren for .her rtxm and board while
mother Is out working, during the
day. Give full particulars. Moon
Canyon, second house from High
" road, call between 1 and S p. m.
. .467
Wanted
WANTED Woman to work in private
boarding hbosC.Mrs. N. Swing. 1
Tank Hill. : '.' 375
WAJiTED-Typefriting to do at home
of fcvenlBgs.. 1370, Bisbee Ar:
ibaa. r. . .. w
rVApfTEIK-TeJegraphers, stenograph
ers, bookkeeper!; . atudenta earn
board, room tuitibn.' Mackay Busi
ness Collet. Los Angeles. 78
WANTED To . rent, two nicely furn
ished housekeeping .rooms. Address
X. L- T, care Review. . 57
WANTED Three furnished house
keeping rooms in Bisbee. Call Phone
Black 512. ,- ' '' . ..dn
WASTED To tjndte Chevrolet touring
car for Ford . roadster. Inquire at
Waters, 4 'Son,' Brewery Ave. 461
. ypqattkma Wanted
WANTErj--njsition , by experienced
nurse. Phone 661.',-': 411
WANTED P6sitio by experienced
' niirse. nursing. Call Bed 478. S99
WANTED Young man wishes posi
tion as stenographer; experienced.
Address I. D. W. care Review. 346
For Sale
FOR SALE 160 acres, good farming
land in Sulphur Spring Valley. E.
Sulger. C. & A. Office. Warren, 116
FOR SALE A bargain. One 5 passen
ger touring car and 1 1917 Ford, if
taken at once: Brophy Garage
Supply Co., Lowell. 297
FOR SALE Twelve stool lunch coun
ter..' A money maker. Owner must
seek lower altitude. Inquire at
atriped tent. Lowell 701
FOR SALE Shoe shop in prominent
mining camp up-to-date machinery,
in perfect conditfon, good chance for
a good shoemaker. For information
call at Review Office. F. N. . 249
FOR SALE Large cash register at
Park Cafe, opposite City Park. 506
FOR SALE cheap or for rent.
Cafe. Opposite City Park. ...
Park
506
FOR SALE 5 Passenger Dodge tour
ing car, good mechanical condition.
5 good tires. Long Trail Garage,
Johnson Addition. 488
FOR SALE United Chino Oil. at 2hi
cents a share. May make your for
tune. Bisbee office, 8 Allen Block,
back Of Y. W. C. A. . ...... 498
ONLY 2 cents for United Chino Oil
NOW. Easily possfle it may be as
many dollars a year -from now. Bis
bee office. 8 Allen Block. 497
FOR SALE OKTRADE160 acres" Of
good land with 300 inches of water
on it from Colorado river. This land
islorated in Talo Verde Valley in Im
perial district In California. Land is
Aery best for anything. R. p. Bad
ich. Box 3086, Lowell, Art. 487
FOR SALE-MTboap. piano in good con
dition. R. E.--C. -care Review. 438
PETEV DINKYes, They're
For Sale
I -
FOR SALE 6 room house with 2 lots ;
30x110, basement unaer w tioie ;
bouse, uoncre.e wau an arounu oom i
lots. 45 bearing fruit trees. All j
leuceu wiui wuo icuuug. xiuiae,,
barn and chicken houses. For fur
ther information call on tr address.
A. Parker, the Gyp block house build- J
er. P. O. Box 942, Warren. 315 J
FOR SALE: Series 17, six cylinder. 7
passenger Studebaker touring car. H.
M. Gallagher. Phone 20. 332
FOR SALE Two 3 room bouses, one
4 room house, garage, on street car
line: level lots, no hill to climb; a
very good location: rents for $70;
houses in good condition. Tomb
stone canyon. $1,500 cash, balance
easy payments; party leaving town.
AddIt to M. C. High. Allen Block.
423!
FOR SALE Folding bed cheap. Mrs.
Higgins, Subway road facing Lincoln
School. 452
FOR SALE New Victor Victrola,
fumed oak with $25 worth records,
will sell for $100. C. W. I loon, J
Tombstone Canyon across from Lin-j
coin school. 439 ',
FOR SALE Completely furnished
bouse, 3 rooms, bath and sleeping!
porch, level ground. Phone Black "94
147 !
FOR SALE 5 room house and bath.
Apply Wm. Buckett,
Phone Green 573.
Mason Hill,
481 !
FOR SALE! 6 room house on Youiig-)
blood HilL Apply o J. W. Phillips,
next o 86. 477 ;
FOR SALE 4 room house and lot. op-i
posite Dan Seed in Wood Canyon. !
479'
!
FOR SALE A new Oakland 6 touring !
car. never used $970 by G. L. t outs,
Mesilla Park. New Mexico. -166
FOR SALE 1 new Ford engine built
especially for truck. Aluminui.i pis
tons, latch piston, 3 leak proof j ings,
bearings "ground in Bosch Ford mag
netos. Price $220. G. L. Coats. Mes
illa Park, New Mexico. 465
FOR SALE Overland delivery truck.)
good condition, or will trade for;
touring car. Call stone house, Eolith :
Bisbee. . .. :63
FOR SALE Improved lot. Tomt -tcnei
Canyon. Payments. Box 641. r-itv. j
164 j
Furnished Rooms
FOR RENT Twj rooms for li:;ht j
housekeeping, 69 School Hill, oppo-,
site Episcopal church. 193 I
; ; 1 1 render to their enemies, according to sailor. After his course of special
FOR RENT Furnished rooms forjan Amsterdam correspondent of the training for tiie work he makes his) It Is estimated that Lynn shot lock
light housekeeping, water and :;5Lts. Daiiy EXpress. He quotes a man who nrst trip. His vessel has one or two j out has caused a loss of more than
weu. across trom
ell depot
71!
FOR RENT 2 rooma for lihf liri:s.l
keeping,
dition.
E. Sheldon. Winwocd
j
MO0S2 HOTEL Furnished i oms
$2.00 per week and up.
405
RI??JHrSht houseken!LOST Runch of six keys between Shat-
"a xul"y "venue. aao
For Rent
FOR RENT Three room house; no'
children, 163 Art Hill, Tombstone!
Canyon. 453 !
FOR RENT Garase. Place for 2 cars, j
See Mrs. Gaffney, near graveyard,!
Lowell. 478 i
FOR RENT 3 unfurnished apartments '
97 toungblood Hill. 486!
FOR RENT One garage, light and
water $5 per month. Playfair, 98 Ma- j
son Hill. Phone Blue 647. I
Money To Loan.
$50,000 to loan on improved city prop
erty or for building, on easy terms
of payment. T. A. Hughes, over
Bank of Bisbee. C97
SMALL quick loans on your personal
note to salaried men and women, al-!
so on furniture. Cox Lona Co. Room !
2, Lyric Theatre building. 166 '
1 1 !
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS.
the Real Thing.
I
iy"
ill ?i 11
AIR RAIDS OVER LOXDOX ARE NO LONGER
'.a -T i v-.. .tr--.:
1 4
fit
Ahuve: A sondoi.-t of one of tuc
Delia airr.idffs raptured n Ln
land fleft) and a Gorman t bserve
; s surrendering to n ally fii.T. Bo
low: A! underground bomh-pronf
Jieliei- for Lnfilish Nwom:-n anJ
children.
1....JV. n.,.i-A,.f t.w.ijWm
ant of the Hum.' atioilios. ..nti-alrcraft equipment anti lire skill of Ih.tis.li fliers have done much to discour-a-'e
Le raids . tha .'.licUt i'n.vi.ipd for th? woinon r.nl children ?rive them safety and security at the tine
Renphotis.r3iii-.5 from
of one of t::u V r.o'as
oi' a raid. Keren
raids: a view
the bombs are cropped, ana a
rt,u
SUB CAPTAINS ARE
CONSTANTLY FEARS iG
MUTINY ON BOARD
LO.XDOX
(Associatt?d l'r Cor
I rfipoiflenr-e.
iman submarines, are compelled con-
stantly to carry their revolvers and (
to disarm the members of their i-rewa ;
to prevent mutiny and voluntary sur-:
o-!claims to Unow the conditions of theinarr0w escapes from disaster but re- j
German submarine service as ssiyin
"Fr the last two months Die 1
Ad-;Doats nave Deen Pu,ting to sea under
jgjvery peculiar conditions. The com-,
mander and Ins second start h 'avilv
1
LOST
tuck and postoffice. H reward lor re
turn to Review. i'l
i LOST Gold bracelet between Motz
car stop and upper Brewery (Sulch.
Reward. Return Golden Rule store.
443
LOST Wednesday ladies gold wrist
watch. Return to Review. Reward.
-,or,
PROFESSIONAL CARDJ
PAT CLEARY, painter. Member
Builders' Exchange. Box 1495. 347
Miscellaneous
INKS WARRI-RTON. r.flK.SAUD
CORESTIERE, has moved from Let
son hotel to Tpper Main over Inde
pendent Feed store. Telephone Ml.
370
EXPERT paper hani;''r and pain:-r. (.'.
J. Brandt. Phone iZ, Box l.V'. 579
WE do general house cleanine. Milder
ing, plumbing, repairing furniture,
stoves and painting. Thonc 712. Cim-'
sues. Reasonable pr'ces.
vi iuvic: rAP. y
r LL F!W1".M VK
This AFtcttroou
i sm
" . -
- 5,. I t' VSSjSirs IT 'a
sr it
vv m
r i
"GREAT GERM AA VICTORIES
i. f
nir-iinjt fliTrun v'r rn,fs is o 'omr :;.s
Zcp 1 . 1
England show th. 'omb-nroof sielters that protect the heiress during fir
on a recently captured Zeppelin. shoVinjr the tube at the side from whi. a
airplane wfiose pnci tiiowii w.lo arms ujiraiscti; is aurrciiucumj
armed. The men, on the other hand
.. - 1 . . . .1 .. ... ., ...... . . K..fnA A1.
are Bt-anmu i... i." uc..t -,
ery embarkation. From some o; the.
vessels all the rifles and other .-inall
o.,1,Mnlri.,n havo hwn rcmitvo.l I
In some cases rifles are on boaru. but
they are kepi securely locked in their
racks and the key in the commander's
pockei.
;
.
drastic i
"ihe reason for all these
;jr
i:cr..s IS tu OC tuanil in l ie -pinr-:
of the men at present serving Ger- j
many beneath the waves.
"I wjii give you the pyst'hological i
experience of the German submarine!
turns safely to her base. The sailor i
, . . , , , j.'
Kutra anuuie till ui3 ai.ui i itoir, oiicuu
'his pay and enjoys himself. Then he1
makes a second trip and again after
escaping death by inches.
"Gradually it dawns on him thiit
luck of this Kind cannot hold out for
: nvii, mi.l tlial onntu!illv hiu fnln
ccrtain. From the nloment ,i!at this
realization forces itself upon him his
duty becomes a veritable nightmare.
He sets sail on each new cruise with
the conviction that-it will ln his last.
In the language of the Knfilish soldier
he is perpetually 'going over the top'
and his period of strain is much more
lenuthy and nerve-racking than that
of the land fighter.
"The effect on his mind is easily to
be understood. He begins to cast
about him for some means of escape
from this branch of the service but he
quickly realizes that his only chance
of escape is that of capture and in
ternment, either by an enemy or neu
tral nower. It is this Inneing for
caplure 'h,rh "pimI" M t" SPa, !'eIp"
less and unarmed while his officers
bristle with the means of enforcin
obedience and discipline.
"lJvery T-boat commander now has
to face an added danger that of his
ovii men. who limy seize the lirt np-j
portuniiy of taking control or his ves- j
till ami delivering it to the enemy i
rxchanpo for their own lives."
: REVIEW ANT ADS FO?t RESULTS
mi
''.'.
:.a - V. wit
L
' 1
THE "
J II I A O.NUIi WttKJS
to take a creat Dart oi tne Lior,
... ...
Deafness Cannot Be Cured
hy ,, ,ppiC.tn,, Xhty nnot r-aeh
diseased portion ot the r. Th-r la
by onvttmionni remraira Drotn.n la
'usen y aa innamru condition of th
mu-
cou uninK of ,h
Kuatarhlan Tube. When
Ihia tube la Inltimed you have a rumbling
anund or lmierffCt hearlnir. and when it la
entirely cloaed. Dcnrneaa ia the reault. an4
unless the InHammati.n ran be taken oat
and thla tube rt-stored to Ha normal condi-
tion, hearing; vill be deatroyed forever: nina
cavea out of ten r.re caused by Catarrh,
which I nnthlna hnt an Inflamed condition
tvtil cive One Hundred Dr.llara f.,rny
"Sf,, 7 c'i't arT? ' curl
B t co Toltao OMa.
Sold by brucRi'sta. :c
TkHall "'y coo.titv.tloo.
i Li i
$3,000,000 'n business to manufu tur-
- "J? '"rleB were, c,ose h and
aooui fi.si'U.uuu in wa?es to era r.es.
City BiaGksmilh
Shop
Under new management.
Expert horse shoeir. g.
Wagon work of all kinds.
Truck and wagon be Is
made to Order. Satisfac
tion guaranteed.
H. P.
FRIEDEiNRICHSEN,
Prop.
Legal Notices.
025782025876
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
UcpartmPnt of the intenor. U. S. land
o(m.e at ,,hoenix Ari:tma, 0 tober
. 1917
xohc is hereby Kiven that Ira K.
i.,., tiiiona Arizona. hn o, Sen-
tcmher 25. 1911, made homf Mead --ntry
No. 025782, for wl-2 nc 14, sel-4 i vrl-4.
nwl 1 se 14. sec. 27; on Odor r 12.
Lodge
BISBEE LODGE. NO. 718.
leeta every Friday night. Moose HalL
lsltlng brothers cordially Invited.
V. R. TONKIN. Dictator.
KAY ROSS. Secretary.
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED AMERI
CAN MECHANICS.
Meets tn Medlgovicn
Hall, second and fourth
Tuesdays each month.
Visiting brothers wei
come.
F. D. LANE, Councillor.
J. L. BENTON, Recording Secretary
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OR AMERICA.
OREADNOUGHT.
L. O. L. NO. 210.
Meets In L a
O. I Hall first
and third
MONDAY
at 7:30 p. re
visiting broth
ers cordially
Invited to at
tend. .
GEO. SLEEMAN. W. M.
ROBERT FERGUS. Secretary
P. O. Box 426. Bisbee.
FRATERNAL ORDER EAGLES. .
Bisbee Aerie, No. Ill, T. O. E, meets
first and third MONDAYS. 8. p. m..
Eagles HalL Visitors cordially el
come.
RICHARD DAVIS. President.
C. L. EDMONSON. Aerie Physician.
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS
Rathbone Lodge No. 10,
Knlehta of Prthiaa :
meets each Thursday
(except second) in Odd'
FeUows' Hall at 7:30'
p. m. Visiting brothers!
cordiaUy invited. I
FRANK BRUNING, C. C
J. C. KRIGBATJM, K. of R. S.
BROTHERHOOD OF AMERICN
YEOMAN
Richard I. Homestead 895, meets
second and fourth Tuesday at Odd :
Fellows' hall. Visiting Archers are.
cordially' invited. . j
MRS. C. C. FINLAi SON, toreman ,
T. O. Box K26.
E. D. STINSON, Correspondent.
Box 1453.
1914, H. E. 025867 for el-2 nel-4. nel-4
sel-4, sw 1-4 sel-4, sec 27, township 21-s
range 21-e.. meridian .has filed notice of, ,UMt ,t 'VlaTtS
intention to make three year prtjof, to'Drotfler8 cotilklir inyued attend.
esiaousn ciaim 10 inei anuaoovtj av :
scribed, before Jared D. Taylor. U. S.
commissioner, at Bisbee, Arizona, on
the 4th day of December, 1917.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Wm. A. Morris, of Buena, Arizona,
Frank B. Moson of Lewis Springs,
Arizona.
Cassius R. Krfbles, of Buena. Ariz.
Paul H. Knolcs of Buena, Arizona.
JOHN L. 1RVIN.
Register. I
Firt Pni.liPHtion. Ooctnber 30. 1917. !
Advertisement-201
wriTir c cno diiri irATlnN
Department of the Interior, U. S. Land
office at Phoenix. Arizona. NTivem-i
ber 17. 1917. . j
Notice is hereby given that George !
W. Keahey of Bisbee, Arizona, who. on j
July 7. 1916, made homestead entry,;
N6. 030367, for township 22S. range!
23E. G. & S. R. B. & meridian, has filed
notice of intention to make three-year
prbof, to establish claim to the land
above described, before Jared D. Tay
lor, V. S. Commissioner, at Bisbee. I
Arizona, on the 26th day of December,
1917. i
Claimant names as witnesses:
Edward E. Thomas or Bisbee. Ariz.
Charles N. Thomas, of Bisbee. Ariz.
Ausust F. Bornego, of Lowell. Ariz.
Keller Hopan, Bisbee, Ariz.
J. L1KV1N.
Register.
First Publication. Ntov. 23. 1917.
Last Publication. Dec. 26. 1817.
Adv-361
Notices
WEEK ENDING DEC. 1. 1917.
Monday. ,
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday
Mark Master.
C. BLEDSOE. W. oi.
a T. WATKINS. Secy. T. A. ML
A. M. COLWELL, E. H. P.
C. F. PHILBROOK. T. L M.
J E. KRV E. C-
F 8. DAVENPORT. Secretary Chapter
and Commaadery.
W. R, BANKS. Secretary CooncO.
T. F. B.
FRATERNAL
BROTHERHOOD
Bisbee Lodge No.
4S2 meeu the 1st
and 3rd Mondays
of each month at
7:30 at Hedlgo
vich HaH Visit.
log members cordially invited.
PHIL. DAVIS. President
MRS. C. E. FINOTTI, Treasurer.
Box 722, Tel. 236, Red.
KATHERLVE SALHOLM. Secretary.
LODGE NO. 171.
Rejnlar meeting first and third Fri
day of each month. Visiting brothers
cordially invited to attend. -R
E. WARNER. Exalted Ruler.
J. A. KELLY; Secretary;
-
PYTHIAN SISTERS.
Lily Temple, No. 3jneeu every 2nd
and 4th Thursday evening of eacn
month at Odd Fellows' HalL Visiting
sisters are cordially Invited.
ANNA HART. M. E. C.
JKANET 8VEENEY. M. of R, C
, WOODMEN CIRCLE.
Meets, in Medlgovich Hall 2nd and
4to Fridays of each month. -
HATTIE A JLUKE. Guardian,
V . PA?BpJ; ff.0WX' aeriL
- " - r U' X
ifh.,t.-B , .
KHZi 81C.U.R
if 0ivta wvvnwib n u. c i 1 9
Meets every Second and Fourth Sat
urdays in the mtmth at I O. . O. F.
hall, 7: JO b. m. Visiting members are
cordially ' invited. ..
ARNOLD SCHMID. President. P. C
Box 34S3. Lowell, Arix.
FREDERICK J. ATTAWAY.
: . Secretary, LbwelL
E. LIXDQUIST, . '
Financial SecreUry. P. O. Box 326,
LowetL
BISBEE LODGE, No. 10, I. O. O. F.
Uaets every
WEDNESDAY
evening at Odd
Hall phone lis.
GEO. MCN3EY. N. G.
& D. KIRBY. SecreUry.
IMPROVED ORDER RED MEN.
'" Meets first and tnlrd
iaursaays ac :jv p. co
in Medlgovich HalL All
visiting Red Men invited
to attend.
VVm- DELBRIDGE. Sachem.
w- D. COHEN. Medicine Mas.
F, C. FENDERSON, C of R.
i MODERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA
Bisbe Camp No. 13415.
Meets first Tuesday at
Odd Fellows HalL
R. L- MOTZ. CoaenL
H. T. UATHEWSON.
- Clerk.
: - -. . 4
ORDER OF EASTERN STAR.
meets in Masonic Ha?.
Pearl Chapter. No. . meets
in Masonic Hall second and
fourth Tuesday of sack
month at 7:30 p. m.
MRS. ANNA C RICHARDS, W. M.
Phone 230. P. O. Box 4L Bisbee.
MRS JESSE BEVAN, Sec y. P. O. Box
2299, Chairman Relief Com. phone 16L
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD.
Lowell Camp No. 4S will
meet every We3sday
at 7:30, Brophy HalL
H. C. LANDAU. C. C.
O. B. THOMAS. Clerk.
All Woodmen invited.
ByCA.V0IGH7
N.
! t
M t raTl TEN
THE EISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 29, 1917.
iTtheatre!
EATRE
THE HOME OF GREATER STARS AND GREATER PHOTOPLAYS
CONTINUOUS FROM 1 TO 11
Wm. Fox Presents George Walsh
LAST TIME TODAY
Matinee and Continuous, 1 o'Clock to 11 o'Clock
IN
EAGLE TH
-
The Yankee Way
T-H-E S-M-I-L-E A M-I-N-U-T-E M-A-N
Thaf
laughter
the bluet
George Walsh, the breeziest, most genial and effervescent who ever made an audience roar with
r at new, clean and refreshing humor. He's the best antidote in the world for anything resembling
T-H-E P-I-C-T-U-R-E O F A T-H-O-U-S-A-N-D C-H-U-C-C-L-E-S
Is not an exaggerated description of this light comedy drama of snap and dash and vim and vigor... There's
a laugh in every inch of the film and a hundred or so thrills thrown in.
ADMISSION 10 AND 15 CENTS
ADMISSION 10 AND 15 CENTS
Oroheum Theatre I
A
Last Time Tonight Last Time Tonight
- STARTING 6:15
TRIANGLE KAYBEE PRESENTS
WilliamDesmond
ROCKHILL'S STAGE.
Bisbee-Torabstone, Leaves Bisbee
; Blsbee Auto Co., 7 a. ni., 1:30 p. m. 7
j passenger cars. Careful drivers,
Phone, Bisbee 5. Adv
IN
Time Locks & Diamonds
An Absorbing Play of Today. Directed By
THOMAS INCE.
ALSO AN ALL-STAR TRIANGLE COMEDY
ADMISSION 10 AND 15 CENTS
L. L. Gilman sells the New Edison,
"the phonograph with a soul."
PRIVATE SANITARIUM.
Call Black 573 for terms, etc.
Advertisement-974
MADAM J. REA KEYS
' At the St Regis Hotel,
i Room 10, Lowell, Arizona.
! PHRENOLOGIST & ASTROLOGlST
The greatest living spiritually or-
"dained medium an (J crystal reader,
i Without asking questions I will read
, your entire life. If you dobut my abi-
lty, call and I will give you positive
evidence in your own life. I am not to
. be compared with fortune tellers and
' such like, impostors whb prey uprn
: the public with their unprincipled
i methods. Engagement hours daily
and Sunday, 8 a. m. to 8 p. m.
Advertisement-208
You Saw
The Flame of the Yukon
and
Hell Morgan's Girl
Now Don't Fail
To See
V -9 -ik. -f
3
t, - . fc' V".. "
- . . . ? 3
- . "V-
i
i-2
AV ME
With Dorothy Phillips
The Star of
"Hell Morgan's Girl"
i
J
I Lowell Camp No. 46, W O. W will
give a Thanksgiving dance, Thursday.
1 November 29, at Brophy hall. GAd
i music, and everybody invited.
i Adv 176
Business Locals
Dr. Playfalr, Osteopath, 98 Mastm
Hill, Mason car stop. Phone Blue 647.
dv. 231
! ATTENTION ELKS.
j All members of Bisbee Lodge No.
1671 and visiting brothers, are requested
! to meet at the Elks' hall, Sunday, De
jceruber 2nd., at 12:30 p. m. to attend
j Memorial Services at Orpheuni thea
tre at 1:30 p. ni.
ed Ruler.
R. E. Warner, Exalt-Adv-451
MADAM CAGNEY
Reads your destiny. Call before
making changes or new investments.
In a tent across from Central Theatre.
Adv-47
It will pay yon to aave us cneck the
electrical system on your car. Lob
man Wright, LowelL Adv.-360
When you need a plumber call Main
land & Williams, Phone 302. Shop in
rear of Orpheum. Adv-135
Call me when you want a careful
driver. I drive a seven passenger
Paige. Harry Lappas, Phone 366.-Adv
If you need a tinner call Mainland &
Williams, Phone 302. Shop in rear of
Orpheum. Adv.-134
NOTICE.
Don't forget the W. O. W. dance
Thanksgiving evening, Nov. 29th, at
i Brophy hall, Lowell. Good music. All
are invited. Adv-484
GET IT
What you pay fbr. Lowell Paint
Shop. Phone 701, Box 3994, Lowell.
Satisfaction guaranteed. Adv.-202
Better put that flue in before it gets
cold. Call Mainland & Williams,
phone 302. Shop rear Orpheum. All
kinds tf sheet metal work. Adv-136
When your tooth aches, see a den
tist When your battery is ailing, see
battery experts. Willard Service Sta
tion, LtowelL Adv.-360
NOTICE
All brothers of the Jr. O. U. A. M.
re requested to meet in Medigovich
Hall at 10:15 Sunday, December 2,
1917, to attend Thanksgiving services
at the Christian church.
F. D. LANE, Councilor.
J. L. BENTON. R. S.
Adv-483
ORIGINAL BISBEE-TOMBSTONE
Stage Line.
The original Tombstone stage leaves
dally at 7 a. m. and. 1:30 p. m. from
Cochise Motor Co., Phone 444. Leaves
punctually on time dally. Night tele
phone. Green 368. 978
(Advertisement)
THE RED CROSS
Home nursing class. No. 2, will hold
its first regular meeting at the Copper
Queen Hospital, Friday evening, M
vember 30, at 7:30 o'clock. The class
. is requested to prepare the first lesson
I in the text book. These may be ob
! tained at the Y. W. C. A. Joyce E.
Fiero, Pres. Adv-496
R. R, WATCH INSPECTORS
Prompt repairing, careful workman
ship, courteous treatment. Lowell
Jewelry Shttp. Adv. 886
The opening price for United Chino
Oil is good for a short time only. At
2',-i cents it may make your fortune.
Investigate at 'once. Office, 8 Allen
block, back of Y. W. C. A. Adv. 500
THE PIE SHOP.
(Opposite Masonic Temple.)
On Wednesdays (wheatless days)
try our corn bread and Fridays' (meat
less days) oyster patties. At any and
all times, see us for home made cooked
pastries. Adv-83
The Elks will give a dance to their
friends by invitation. Thanksgiving
night Their friends can secure invi
tations from any one of the Elks.
Jack Bolin is president of United
Chino Oil. Bisbee oiliee at 8 Allen
block. Adv-499
Expert paper Danger ana painter. C
J. Brandt. Phone 456. Box 150. 580
ROYAL
THEATRE
Continuous Performance 12
to 10 P. M.
I
!
The House of Quality
The Only Theatre In Bis
bee In Which An Orches
tra is Used to Musically
Interpret the Pictures :-:
SPECIAL TODAY
RUPERT JULIAN & RUTH CLIFFORD
In "The Mysterious Hr. Tiller"
Replete With Sensations Vibrant With Mystery
THRILLING PUZZLING FASCINATING
A Battle of Wits Won and Lost Because of a Pretty Face
It' a BLUEBIRD FEATURE Nuff Sed.
NO ADVANCE IN PRICES 10 AND 15 CENTS
CONGRESSMAN HELD
FDR CONSPIRACY
(By Review Leased Wire)
MADISON, Wis., Nov. 28. Con
pressman John M. Nelson and his son
Byron were indicted by a federal
grand jury today on a charge of con
splracy to violate the registration
laws. The senator's son previously
had been indicted, charged with fail
ure to register. They are now in
December. Congressman Nelson was
charged with advising his son not to
register. Young Nelson is now on
his father's ranch in Canada.
Guaranteed the Equal of "Flame of the. Yukon." Same Type of Play. A Wonderful Story of the Early Mining
Camps in the Great West With Its Gambling and Dance H alls. A Play With Action, Thrills and Suspense.
YES! AND SOME FIGHT!
MUSIC BY ORCHESTRA
ADMISSION 15 AND 25 CENTS
City Briefs
Or
c
ft Jaa finrnna vlultori vnnT
have you entertained? If so, call
the Review after 6 p. m. and tell
the Society Editor, Phone 39.
0
TURKEY CHASE
There is to be a Turkey chase at I
Warren Park at 2:30 this afternoon.,
No one seems to understand what a
Turkey chase is, but it is authoritively ;
stated it does not resemble a badger
light.
r
WAS VISITOR HERE j
Dr. I. B. Hamilton of Cananea was
a Bisbee and Douglas nusmess vis-!
itor yesterday and Monday. ,
HIGH SCHOOL DANCE
Miss Ruth Patton, social manager
of the student body of the Bisbee high '
school, wishes to announce that the
dance to be given to the Douglas vis
itors will be held at the high school
at 8 o'clock tonight.
VISITING SON
E. U Oilman of Missouri Is visiting
with his son here, L. L. Gilman. He
will be here throughout the holidays.
LEAVES BISBEE !
Mrs. Myrtle Taggert left'on the Gol-
den State Limited this afternoon fori
El Paso. ' !
STORES CLOSED
All stores iu town will be closed to
day in accordance with the president's
proclamation. The postoflice will ob
serve the cusl'jmary holiday hours '.
with the general delivery window open
from ten to eleven in the morning.
SAILORS FROM BISBEE j
It is reporled by the local recruiting!
officer that 437 men have been sent to ;
the navy from ISisbee, during the past j
year. Those in authority say Bisbee!
is doing well.
FOOTBALL TODAY
The Calumet and Arizona football
team will play the hospital corps of
the Eleventh Meld Artillery at Warren
Park this afternoon. A large attend
ance is expected.
LEAVES FOR FRISCO
Harry Hayes lelt yesterday for San
Francisco to say good-bye to his broth
er W. E., who will leave in a few days
for France, he having joined the army
since leaving here. 1
Y. W. C. A. OMITTED
Through a totally unintentional er-,
ror. the name of the Y. W. C. A.
cafeteria was omitted from the list of
local establishments observing meat
less and wheatless days. This was,
of course, a mistake, as the cafeteria
was among the first to take this up.
and has been rigid in the enforcement
cf the rue ever since.
SOLDIER SERVICES
Rev. V. S. Deatheragc. pastor of
the Christian church, will hold
Thanksgiving services for the soldiers
stationed at Lowell, ' Company L.
35th infantry, at 12 o'clock noon.
MANY CHALLENGE
Interest in hand ball is on the in
crease. Why not a tournament? Fred
Carnes issues a challenge to J. G. El
liott. Dr. C. F. llawley challenges C.
E. Hamilton, and J. J. Schuppe chal
lenges Roy Benton. If you can play
hand ball, now is your chance to dem
onstrate. Leave your name with the
physical director. Watch the bulletin
board at the Y.
Parker's Joifland
Shows
OWE WEEK
DECEMBER 3rd to ?tli. Inc.-
SHOW GROUNDS AT LOWELL
Eleven Big Feature
Attractions
HAYDEN PASSES THROUGH
Representative Carl Hayden passed
through Osborne Tuesday on his way '
to Washington to attend the national
legislature which will convene in !
Washington, Monday. Mr. Hayden!
has been traveling in California where
he called on the Arizona soldiers there.
GEORGE WALSH AT HIS BEST
"The Yankee Way" at the Eagle i
sh'ows George Walsh, the eminent:
....... A I I . ..a-,. Vw . ft ia
Miccu Dim ai ma iij ufi- v
not only a great play but the support
ing cast is worthy of the star. Walsh
plays the part of a Yankee In an Euro
pean court and he has a Montana cow
puncher and a big negi'j and a "rough
guy" with him as friends, counsellors
and countrymen who are the funniest I
ever. How Walsh won the princess
and did some thrilling feats of fighting,
jumping and climbing in the meantime,
are well worth going to see. It is a
masterpiece of action and fun.
California Frank's Wild
,West; Garden of Allah;
Honey - Moon Trail ;
Monkey Speedway ;
Hayes' Wonderland ; Dip
pie Club.
Geo. Kotsonans, World's
Champion Wrestler; Fer
ris Wheel; Carry-Us-All;
The Whip ; The Submarine
THANKSGIVING SERVICE
A union Thanksgiving service will
be held at the Presbyterian church
at 10:30 a. m. today in confiiniii'y
with the proclamation of the presi
dent, r.nd a cordial invitation to at
tend is extended to all the people of
Bisbee. The Rev. C. W. Harsh man
of the M. E. church will preach the
sermon
KIDS CARNIVAL
The students of the Booker T.
Washington school will give a carni
val at the school today for t'le purpose
of raising funds to repair the play
grounds. Everybody is cordially in
vited to t'ome and help the colored
children raise the money for this pur
pose. White folks are especially in-vi.ed.
r
DANCE
EAGLE HALL
EVERY
SATURDAY
EVENING
8:30
(F. O. E. 175)
SHAW'S ORCHESTRA
LYRIC THEATRE
PROGRAM CHANGED DAILY
Continuous From 1 To 10 P. M.
SPECIAL PROGRAM TODAY
MRS. ENGLE
wishes to announce to her old
patrons that she has again taken
over the Letson hotel and will in
future, as in past, run It in first
class and orderly manner. We
solicit your patronage.
B. S. Moss Presents Marie
Empress in
TheGirlWho
Doesn'tKnow
A Photoplay Sermon for
Parents.
e -KJm I lie
y a m d
nil Fight
Madrid, Spain. 3 Reels.
Balcony
..6c
Lower Floor
-10c
Reserved Seats
IOC