OS
TWO SECTIONS
Twelve Pages
W
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JULY 21, 1918.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOL 21, NO. 36.
IB
1?
1 i
OVER
mARNE
ES
PF1 Fii
jiE. Km S
'
" It
GERMAN RESERVES RUSHED
OP TO STAY
VICTORIOUS
APPARENTLY HUNS HAVE BEEN
ABLE TO ACCOMPLISH NO MORE
THAN STAY ADVANCE HERE
AND THERE ALONG BROAD
FRONT OF BATTLE LINE
NEAR CITY'S CENTER
GERMAN FORCES SOUTH OF
MARNE MUST BE EXTRICATED
QUICKLY IF ARMY IS TO ESCAPE
FROM ENCIRCLING MOVEMENT
OF FRANCO-AMERICAN ARMY
(By Review .Leased AVI re) 5
LONDON. July 20 "No German 5
remain south of the Marne except
prisoners and dead." !
This message is sent by the Reu-
ter correspondent at French head- j
quarters and is timed Saturday
evening. j
ALLIES CONTINUE PROGRESS
(Undated war lead, by the Associated
Press.)
Out or the news filtering through
the clouds of battle hanging ov?r the
ensanguined field between the Marne
and Soissons there hav? come two
signiricant reports during the past
day. Theallies are thundering at the
day. The allies are thundering at the
retreating across the Marne between
Fossoy and Oeuiily.
German reserves, rushed up to (he
y ' western side of the Soissons-Chatenu
Thierry-Rheiins salient, have s'owed
down the progress made by the French
and Americans, but have apparently
been unable to do more than check
it here and there along thi front. The
' - advance made by the allies m the first
hours of the great counter stroke has
rot been maintained, but it is evident
that hardly anywhere has ths allied
thrust been stopped.
Reports from the front r.f battle in
dicate that the French una Americans
have reached the edge of the plateau
to the southwest of Soijsons and onlv
a scant mile and a half from the center
of the city. Southward along the line,
the aliies have almost reached the
Soissons-Chateau Thierry road, a thor
oughfare of great strategic import
ance, while further down toward the
Marne they are steadily forging ahead,
in spite of determined resistance.
The report of a German retreat
across the Marr.e comes as confirma
tion of the success of the allied drive .
far to the north. German forces
south of the stream must be extricated
quickly if the German army Is to es
cape from the encircling movement
carried out y the French and Amer
icans. French official reports state
that the Germans are being driven
back south of the Marne, but it is prob
able that the German retirement is a
" hurried retreat ordered by the Crman
high command. It appears likely that
the French are merely maintaining
steady pressure against the enemy and
hurrying his retreat as much as pos
sible. From the Marne towards Rheims
the French and Italians have advanced
their lines. Three days ago they were
leing forced back by the Germans and
their present forward movement may
indicate that the foe is also retiring
from this field as rapidly as possible.
The fire of battle is spreading bIow
ly down the line towards Chateau
Thierry. There have been reports that
the Germans in this region have been
removing their heavy guns prepara
tory to retiring should the allied drive
toward Soissons go on.
Military experts say that ft the al
lied wedge south of Soissons goes
much further it will force a German
(Continued on Pace Three)
ALL NEWSPAPERS MUST OBSERVE
STRICT WAR REGULATIONS
The war industries board has instructed all newspapers as to the rigid
necessity for saving print paper. These regulations necessitate a dis
continuance of courtesies heretofore extended to other publishers and to
advertisers, and forbid any returns of unsold papers from newsdealers.
The instructions follow:
"On account of the shortage of materials the question of the supply
of paper is becoming acute and the use of paper must be economized to
Ihe greatest possible extent.
"It is necessary that all newspapers which publish a daily and weekly
edition put the following preliminary economies into effect July 15, 1918:
"Discontinue the acceptance of the return of unsold copies.
"Discontinue the use of all sample or free promotion copies.
"Discontinue giving copies to anybody except for office-working copies
or where required by statute law in the ase of official advertising.
"Discontinue giving free copies to advertisers, except not more than
one copy each for chec king purposes.
"Discontinue all free exchanges."
PROGRESS OF
ALLY SOLDIERS
WOMAN DEFENDS SELF
AGAINST SIX BANDITS
SHE TELLS OFFICIALS
(Ry Review Leased Wire)
NOGALES, Ariz., July 20. Mrs.
A. Hall, living on a ranch three
miles from Nogales, successfully de
fended herself early today against
six armed Mexican bandits, accord
ing to statements she made here to
night in telling her experiences to
Colonel James H. Frier, commander
of the 35th infantry- Mrs. Hall said
she fired all the shots in a revolver
at the raiders and then made her
way here.
Colcnel Frier ordered a detach
ment of the 10th cavalry to search
Mrs. Hall's ranch. A posse of dep
uty sheriffs also was sent to the
scene. None of the raiders was
caught, although indications were
that they had turned northward.
Authorities have begun a search
of the border country.
STILL FURTHER
in
Wrest Monte Stabel and Cor
on Di Cavento From Aus-
. trians in Adamello Region
of Mountain Front
(By Review Leaned Wire)
ROME, July 20. Italian troops have
wrested from the Austrians, Monte
Stabel and have completely reoccupled
Coron Di Cavenio, ;n the Adamello
region of the mountain front, accord
ing to the official statement issued
fiom general headquarters today. The
text of the communication reads:
"In the region of Adamello our at
tachments with great gallantry wrest
ed from the enemy Monte Stabel and
have completely reoccupied Corono Di
Cavento, on which the Austrians part
ly established themselves on June 15.
The enemy left many dead and numer
ous prisoners and a large quantity of
material was captured."
AUSTRIAN OFFICIAL
VIENNA, via London, July 20 The
official communication issued by the
war office says:
"On both sides of Asiago an enemy
advance was repulsed by a counter at
tack. In the Brenta- valley an Italian
attack failed."
' NEW SWIMMING RECORD
(Rv Review Leased Wire)
OAKLAND, Cal.. July 20. Miss
Olga Dorfner, of Philadelphia, holder
of the Ameircan women's swimming
record for the fifty yard and 100 yard
rash, established a new American rec
ord today, by swimming 100 yards in
1:06 2-5 In an outdoor tank at Nep
tune, beach near here. The new rec
ohd clips three fifths of a second from
her former record and is within two
fifths of a second of the women's world
record, held by Miss Fannie Durack of
Australia. IIIJKS
SEND CIVILIAN SOLDIERS
AMSTERDAM, July 20. A Berlin
telegram to the Rhenische Wesfael
lsche Zeitung of Essen says that the
Moscow government, while refusing
the request of the German government
that it be allowed to send a German
battalion to protect the German em
bassy, has agreed to the employment
of several hundred soldiers in civilian
dress.
TALIS
1
HONORS OF WAR
;
Entente Will Take Initiative Hereafter, Says General March
MANY PRISONERS
FALL INTO
OF ALLIED
Yanks Take Their Share of
Captives and War Material ;
French Report 20,000 Cap
tives and 400 Guns
WITH THE AMERICAN ARMY
ON THE AISNE-MARNE FRONT,
July 20 (By TJie Associated Press).
The advance along the Soissons
Chateau Thierry Toad has brought
the allies within artillery distance
of the junction cf the railroad serv
ing the Germansas a line of com
munication. The junctions already
is under fire and unless the des
perate attempt which the Germans
are making to hold is successful,
thousands of the crown prince's
men may be cut off and forced to re
read The fighting is comparatively
light east of Chateau Thierry, ex
cept at the river, where the most
stubborn resistance of the Germans
was unable to check the allies, who.
at one point moved forward half a
mile. j
WITH THE AMERICAN ARMY ON
THE AISNE-MARNE FRONT, July 20.
(By the Associated Press) One Amer
ican unit since Thursday has taken
28S9 prisoners, including nineiy-one of
ficers, while another American unit on
the northern front has captured, 2261
including thirty-two officers.
Among the prisoners were a colonel
and two majors, all in one group.
The firing on both sides increased
after daylight, but the allied guns were
much more effective, as reports from
the aviators and observation balloons
on the enemy positions came in. There
were numerous bombing raids by the
airmen this morning.
The-northern half of the Soissons
Chateau Thierry line is now far be
yond Vierzy, to the east, and there
have been bitter struggles In this ter
ritory, the allies' big guns commanding
the bridges southeast of Soissons.
The French and Americans squeezed
the sack in which the Germans appear
to be caught., somewhat tighter Satur
day At mid-day they had made an
average gain of more than a mile
along the line Chateau! Thierry-Sois-sons,
while another gain of a similar
distance had been made south of the
Marne and east of Chateau Thierry.
IN BAD FIX
WITH THE AMERICAN ARMY ON
THE AISNE-MARNE FRONT, July 20
(By The Associated Press). The
French and American troops have
crowded the Germans back still fur
ther along the line of Soissons-Chateau
Thierry and information from beyond
Chateau Thierry indicates the begin
ning of a movement by the Germans
that may develop into an effort by the
crown prince to extricate his army.
The character of the fighting has
been radically altered and the Ger
mans have been forced more Into the
open. The trenches run in such a
manner as to leave none into which
they can fall back, forcing them to de
pend upon those they hastily con-1
structed. There has been a marked
decrease In German aerial activity and
the big guns are less active. The
greater part of the German airplanes
appear to be used In patrolling their
own lines.
COMPEL GERMAN RETREAT
PARIS, July 20. "The Germans,
violently attacked on their right flank
and south of the Marne," says the war
office announcement tonisht, have
been compelled to retreat and re-cross
the river."
The French hold the entire south
ern bank of the Marne. More than
20,000 prisoners and more than 400
guns have been captured.
The statement reads:
"We have not had long to wait for
thp result of our victorious counter of
fensive. The Germans, violently at
tacked on theirr ight flank and south
of the Marne, have been compelled to
retreat and re-cross the river.
"We held the whole south bank of
the Marne.
"Between the Aisne and the Marne
Franco-American troops continue to
progress and have driven back the
enemy, who is resisting them stuDoorn-
ly.
"We have reached Ploisy and Parcy
Tigny and have passed beyond St.
Remy-Blanzy and Roset-St. Albin.
"Further south we hold the general
line of the Priez plateau, north cast
of Courchamps..
"The number of prisoners we have
taken since July 18 exceeds 20,00'.
Over 400 guns have been captured.
"Our aviators, redoubling their act
ivities in the dav and nicht of the
19th nmltipleid their raids and on-
HANDS
ARMY
(Continued on Page Five)
NEARLY FOflY
LOST LIS IN
CRUISER SINKING
San Diego Carries Compara
tively Small Number to
Hero's Death; Official List
Shows 1149 Survivors
WASHINGTON. July 20 Eleven-hundred
and eighty-three sur
vivors from the armored cruiser
San Diego, sunk yesterday off the
coast of Long Island, have been
landed at New York, Rear Ad
miral Palmer, acting secretary of
the navy, announced tonight.
OFFICIAL WRECK STORY
WASHINGTON, July 20. The loss
of life in the sinking off Fire Island,
N. Y., yesterday of the United States
' armored cruiser San Diego and the
cause of the ships destruction still
were undetermined tonight at the navy
department. Announcement was made
that 1183 from the ship had been
landed. Unofficial reports said there
were 1235 men aboard and if they are
correct the loss of life would not ex
ceed seventyt-twe. The names of three
of thesa missing were announced to
day. Rear Admiral Palmer, acting secre
tary of the navy, tonight made pub
lic a detailed acocunt of the destruc
tion and rescue, but it added nothing
to previous reports from CapL K. H.
Christy and other survivors as to the
cause of the sinking.
Belief that the San Diego was a
victim of a mine grew among naval
officials after the commander of the
American patrol boats operating off
Fire Island reported his craft picked
up several minas of J reign design.
Among the survivors opinion seemed
to be equally divided as to whether
a submarine or a mine was responsi
ble for the loss of the cruiser. Many
held that an enemy torpedo struck the
warship, while as many subscribed to
th theory that the vessel hit a mine.
No reference to the cause of the explo
sion which was, heard aboard the
cruiser was contained in the account
cf the sinking made oublie tonight
by Admiral Palmer. The statement
follows:
"Fuller particulars received regard-
I ing the sinking of the U. S. S. San
Diego show the explosion took place
on the port side just aft of the fore
ward port engine from bulkhead. The
feed tank and circulating pump were
blown in, and the port engine wrecked.
Full speed ahead was rung and the
starboard engine operated until It was
stopped by water rising in the engine
room.
"Machinist's Mate Hawthorne was
at the throttle in the port engine
room, was blown four feet under the
engine room desk. He got up. closed
the throttle on the engine, which had
already stopped and then escaped up
the engine room ladder. Lieutenant
Millen, on watch in the starboard en-
(Contlrtued on Page Three)
FIITrliiLED
MANY ARE HURT
IN RAIL CRASH
Passenger and Freight Cars
Collide at High Speed on
Interurban Line Near Jack
son, Michigan
(Rv Review Lenxed Wire)
JACKSON. Mich.. July 20. Fifteen
persons were killed and thirty injured,
many seriously, when a Detroit-bound
limited passenger car and a west
bound freight car collided head on one
mile west of Chelsea at 8:30 o'clock
tonight, according to information re
ceived from that city at midnight to
night. Six of the dead were Detroit soldiers
enrcute to Detroit from Camp Custer.
Several men and women civilians
are included among the dead, nearly
all of whom lived in Detroit.
Unverified reports say that the mo
torni"n of both the limited and the
freight escaped death by leaping.
The collision was due. according to
unofficial statements, to a confusioa
of signals.
Both cars were demolished. Several
ciead and Injured were extricated from
the wreckage with difficulty.
SLIGHTLY HURT
IS TEDDY JR.
HIS WIFE WIRES
News of His Injury Fellows
Quickly Dropping of Note
by German Aviator Con
firming Quentin's Death
OYSTER BAY. X. Y., July 20.
MaJ. Theodore Roosevelt, jr., has
been slightly wounded and taken
to a hospital in Paris, according
to a cable message received to
night by his father. Col. Theodore
Rosevelt, from his daughter-in-law.
Mrs. Theodore Roosevelt, jr.
The cablegram was se,nt from
Paris, where Mrs. Roosevelt Is in
a Red Cross hospital. It read:
Ted wounded. Not seriously.
Here with me. Not any danger.
No cause for anxiety."
Major Roosevelt was cited for
gallantry after having been gassed
about three weeks ago.
The news of Major Roosevelt's
having been wounded followed Im
mediately the report from Paris
that German aviators had dropped
a note behind the allied lines con
ferring fears of the death of Lieut.
Quentin Roosevelt in an aerial en
gagement. Captain Archie Roose
velt is recovering from wounds.
Kermet, a fourth son. who served
as a captain in the British army
in Mesopotamia, was recently ap
pointed a captain in the United
States army and now is reported
on his way to France.
He was decorated by the British
with the military cross for gallant
ry. WILSON SENDS CONDOLENCE
WASHINGTON. July 20. Upon
learning today that German aviators
had confirmed the death of Lieut
Quentin . Roosevelt. President Wilson
sent this mesasge to Colonel Roosevelt
at Oyster Bay:
"Am greatly distressed that the
news of your son's death is confirmed.
I had hoped for other news. He died
serving his country and died with
fine gallantry. I am deeply grieved
that his service should have come to
this tragic end."
No official information that Lieuten
ant Roosevelt has been killed has been
received at the war department. The
only announcement from General
Pershing was the lifting of the lieuten
ant In today's casualty list as miss
ing. On receiving confirmation of Quen
tin's death. Colonel and Mrs. Roose
velt announced that they would re-
vrite uu . iiiuui ... vp v ........ . .........
an exception in the case of the Jap-
anese Red Cross commissioners. The J
colonel sent the following reply to
the White House:
"Thank you for your courtesy and
kindness in telegraphing me. and 1
deeply appreciate your expression of
sympathy and of approval of my sons'
conduct."
CASUALTY LIST
. WASHINGTON. July 20. Today's
army casualty list shows:
Killed in action, 16; died of wounds.
15: died of disease, 11; died of air
plane accident, 1: died of accident
and other causes, 13; wounded severe
ly, 57; wounded, degree undetermined,
1;; missing. 6; total. 120.
Corps. Elsie G. Fields, Cartwright.
Tex., and James Sheffield. Groveton,
Tex., were woulded severely.
Today's marine corps casualty list
shows:
Killed in action. 7; died of wounds.
1;; died of .disease. 1; wounded severe
ly, 45; wounded slightly, 2; missing,
22: In hands of enemy, 2; total, 80.
Prvt. Joseph. G. Harrison, Houston,
Tex., was killed in action.
Privts. Willard J. Allen, Cripple
Creek, Colo., and Robert U Campbell,
Waco, Tex., were injured severely.
VIOLATE ESPIONAGE ACT I
Cltv Review l.ensel Wire!
EL PASO. Texas. July 20. Ernesto
Gomez and Manuel Gonzales were ar-,
rested here today by federal off icers
charged with violatnig the espionage
act by attempting to export uniforms
and other military supplies to Mexico.
Gomez Is said to be a Villa colonel and
Gonzales was secretary to Hipolita
Villa, brother of Francisc o Villa. They
were released on bond.
WANTS 10.000 MEN
(Br Review Leaoed Wtre)
WASHINGTON. July 20 A call was
issued today by the provost marshal
general for 10.000 white registrants in
thirty-three states and the District ol
Columbia qualified for limited milt
tary service. They will entrain be
tween July 29 and August 2 for th
Syracuse recruit'ng camp at Svracus
N. Y.
WOULD RESTRICT
READING HATTER
II
RecommendationforDe
creased Size and Increased
Price of Dailies Made by
Publishers' Committee
(Ry Review Tensed Wire)
WASHINGTON, July 20. Restric
tions on the reading matter space in
daily and Sunday editions of newspa
pers, a retail price of two cents or
more and the elimination of all waste
were recommended to the war indus
tries board today by the committee on
conservation of newsprint paper ap
pointed by the American Newspaper
Publishers' association. The recom
mendations were taken under advise
ment by board officials.
The comnmtee issued this state
ment: "The committee on conservation vt
newsprint paper appointed by the
American Publishers' association re
sponding to the call of the chairman
of the pulp and paper section of the
war industries board. Mr. Thomas E.
Donnelly, for conference respecting
the adoption of measures looking to
the reduction of the consumption of
paper, met today at the office of the
war industries board. Mr. Donueily
outliner to the publishers the neces
sity for radical reduction :n tne use
of paper of all kinds and asked them
to formulate for his information cer
tain definite recommendations for the
accomplishment of that purpose by
methods which would be effective and
at the same time be fair and possible
from the point view of the newspaper
publishers. -
"The committee made recommenda
tions based on the following princi
ples: "1 The abolition of all waste, in
cluding 'returns' In accordance with
the suggestion already made to the
pulp and paper seition of the war in
dustries board and which have now
been made mandatory by the board.
"2 The retail price of two cents or
more for all daily newspapers.
"3 Restrictions on the reading mat
ter space in daily and Sunday editions
proportionate to the necessities of ton
nage to be saved, and recognizing as
nearly as possible the relative read
ing space needs of the papers as indi
cated by their present use of space.
'in connection with the second prin
ciple stated the following resolution
was adopted:
"It is the judgment of the commit
tee that to avoid unfair competition
and to make practicable the reduction
ot the newsprint tonnage desired, it is
necessary to fix the minimum retail
price for daily papers at two cents.
"The recommendation in the appli
cation of the third principle is as fol
lows: "Reduction on all reading space up
to fifty columns, 5 per cent.
"Reduction of additional space over
fifty columns and not over seventy col
umns, 15 per cent.
"Reduction on additional space over
seventy columns and not over ninety
columns, 30 per cent.
"Reduction of all additional space
over ninety columns 50 per cent.
"The reductions to be based on tho
dally monthly average of each paper
for the six months ending June 30,
1913.
"Recommendations as to the reduc
tion of the reading space in Sunday pa
pers Is as follows:
"Up to 150 columns reduction 10 per j
cent; next fifty up to 200 columns re
duction 20 per cent; next fifty up to
250 columns reduction 30 per cent;
next fifty up to 300 columns reduction
40 per cent; next fifty up to 350 col
umns 35 per cent.
"'Next fifty up to 400 columns and
over reduction 60 per cent.
"It is suggested that these reduc
tions be effective for daily papers
August 5. 1918. and for Sunday papers
September 1. 1918.
"Mr. Donnelly and his assistants
have taken the publishers' recommen
dations under advisement."
NEWSPAPERS
McADOO WILL ANNOUNCE DECISION IN
RAILROAD SHOPMEN'S WAGES JULY 25TH
SEATTLE. Wash.. July 20. Director General W. G. McAdoo of the
government administration will announce his decision on the report of
the board of railroad wages and working conditions regarding the wages
ot the mechanical crafts July 25. according to an announcement author
ized by him here today. The following official statement was given out
'or Director General McAdoo by Oscar Price, assistant to the director
general:
"The decision cn the report of the board of railroad wages and work
ing conditions regarding the wages of the mechanical crafts, will be
rendered July 25. 1918. The decision has been delayed because of the
absence of the director general from Washington -According
to Mr. Price the dec ision will affect nearly l.OnO.000 men.
comprising all the shop workers of the railroads, and has been awaited
by them virtually ever since the first decision by Mr. McAdoo fixing gen
eral railroad workers' wages and the subsequent protest of the shopmen.
OPTIMISM IS
KEYNOTE OF
HIS REPORT
ALLIES TAKE OVER POSITION IN
WAR OCCUPIED UNTIL NOW BY
CENTRAL POWERS WITH AMPLE
MANPOWER TO PUSH OFFEN
SIVE MOVES
1,200,000 YANKS OVER
BETWEEN 200,000 AND 300,000
AMERICANS ENGAGED IN PRES
ENT BATTLE, INCLUDING SEVEN
DIVISIONS AND TWO SEPARATE
REGIMENTS
(Pv Review Leased Wir)
WASHINGTON, July 20. The high
water mark of the German offensive
in France has been reached. The in
itiative is passing to the allied and
American armies.
General March, chief of staff, told
this to members of the senate military
committee. Later he announced, that
the American troop shipments now
had exceeded 1,200.000 men, insuring
the manpower to hold the initiative on
the western front.
The direct objective of General
Foch's counter Btroke General March
told newspaper men lu his weekly con
ference, is the railway that feeds the
German forces in the Chateau Thier
ry region.
Already It has been attained, for the
French and American forces are either
astride the line at certain points or
have it under direct gunfire at short
range, rendering it unusuable.
Even as General March spoke,
unofficial reports flashed over the
cables indicated the German with
drawal from the sector south cf
the Marne had begun under the
threat of General Mangin's attack
ing army in the enemy's rear.
The withdrawal was foreseen by
General March when French and
American shells began raining cn
the railway.
Tho American chief of staff told
with evidei.t satisfaction of the fact
that sis American divisions are bat
tling with the French and for the first
time revealed their identity. They
either are on the advancing lines be
tween Soissons and Chateau Thierry
or on those that are pressing the en
emy along the Marne front where
there is reason to believe the Ger
mans may suffer serious losses in men
and material before they reach safety.
Still another division cf Americans is
with General Gouraud. the French
leader who commands east of Rheims
where the enemy assult hit against
a stone wall defense.
Two regiments of negro troops also
are known to be engaged. One is ea-l
of Rheims. where the Americans held
the right flank of the whole front of
attack when the German assault be
gan. Just as the Americans at Cha
teau Thierry held firm ou the left
flank. The other is with the attack
ing forces on the Soissons Chateau
Thierry line. .
General March's explanation of
the disposition of the American
forces indicates that at least U'.
OuO American fighting troops .re
In the battle and probably the to
tal force is nearer 300.000 thau
200.000. Each division has a
fighting strength of 27.UOO men
and each of the two detached ne
gro regiments a strength of 36efl.
The full strength of each division
with auxiliary units is 45.000 men.
General March .said:
"Since I last talked with you the
field of interest has shifted from the
Italian and Balkan ironts to our own
sector in France. Last Monday the
15th, the Germans began an attack
which covered a sixty mile front, oue
half of which covered the very hilly
(Continued on Pae Three) TWt
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JULY 21, 1918.
JAMES DOUGLAS
TELLS VAR STORY
OF OVER THERE
Arrives in Douglas and States
Some of His Experiences in
His Work in France; Great
Need of More Soldiers
DOUGLAS, July 20. On account of
the fatal illness of his father. Dr.
James Douglas, whotassed away a
few days after his arriTal in New
The business in hand is to receivj all
manner of Red Cross supplies as they
reach France and to issue them on
requisition and ship to the place desig
nated. This organization has nothing
to do with the purchasing of supplier
or with soliciting funds for the Hed
Cross, that all being handled by other
organizations, the entire organization
in France being under the control of
Major Murphy
Mr. Douglas had many visits while
in France with MaJ. John C Green
way, formerly of Warren, this count.
now with the engineering corps on
the west front. Major Greenway is
said to be in good health and as anx
ious to serve his country faithfully
as ever.
An Exciting Trip
Coming over the Atlantic ocean Mr.
Douglas had an interesting and ex
citing experience. He was on X re
turning transport vessel. For fcur
days after departure from France the
vessel was under the protection of a
convoy, during which everyone jn
board were required to wear a life
belt. When the- experience with a
U-boat came the life belts had been
PRIVATE WIHIG
WRITES OF HIS
6i
ork, J. S. Douglas of this city, i laid MWe by order of tnj of
home for a few days to visit with his
friends and to look after his large
business interests. After the death
of his father he went wit'j the re
mains, accompanied by his brother,
Walter Douglas his sister and Lis
brother-in-law, Archibald Douglas, to
Canada, where funeral services were
held in the church where 1113 father
was an attendant when a young man
and before he came to the L'nitfa
the vessel. The transport carried
eighteen guns. When 700 miles out
from New York one day the cap
tain of the vessel had his atten
tion called to life boats four miles
ahead loaded with people. Soon he
changed the course of the vessel to
avoid the life boats, evidently having
seen something suspicious that there
was danger in the xicinity. When op
posite the life boats and r.l-out three
ARMY
EXISTENCE
Bunch of Bisbee Y. M. C. A.
Men Now in Training in
Training in Camp "Some
where in England"
July 20 (Special)
Argentina is not pro-German. It re
tains its friendship for the allies, es
pecially the U. S. That is the assur
ance brought back to this country by
Dr. Koniulo S. Naon, ambassador from
Argentina to the United States. Dr.
Naon has just returned from a long
visit to liis country.
Dr. Naon's friends say that had he
not been convinced that this was the
temper of his government and his peo
ple he could not have been persuaded
Frineds of Earl Wittig of this city, 10 return to this country as ambassa-
ftnr 1 1 0 r. n . I. n . A A l. t I
now a member of a regiment which T'. "7 ...... , """""
u aifinnuun vi nign iuiauciai commis
sioner and is empowered to enter into
Argentina Is With Allied Nations,"
Is Message of Ambassador to U. S.
(NOTE: The especial importance of this article at this time lies in the fact, announced in the dispatches last
week, that the world will now hav to look to Argentine as its greatest meat producer.)
WASHINGTON'
PROGRAM OF BAND CONCERT
7:30
ctaio Thmn,oin.fki. j..k iue ra in me towur
buried on the banks of the St. Law-1 U""red ke t a torpedo The
rence beside his mother who pasred
away many years ago.
After returning to New York Mr
Douglas attended to business there
where is the headquarters office of
the United Verde Extension Mining
company, of which he is president.
After a few days' visit here Mr.
Douglas will go to Phoenix and Jerome
on business and then go into the north
west with the hope 'hat h may es
cape an attack of hay fever which has
troubled him for several years It is
his intention to return to France
where he is chief of section of stores,
of the American Red Cross, holding
the title of major in that organization.
It is uncertain as to when he will
start on the return trip, but lie iil
stay in this country no longer th.m
business necessities require. During
fcis absence from Europe W. II. Hro
phy, also a major is in the chuige
of the Red Cross work in Pari?, with
Capt. Tom Collins, as his assistant.
In the organization are also Capt.
Will Solomon, formerly of El Paso;
capt. u c. Owen, formerly of Morenci,
engines were quickly stopped and the
vessel quickly turned to avoid a broad
side strike and the torpedo passed on
about seventy-five feet from the ves
sel. The transport made a speedy
get away without being harmed. It
was afterwards learned that the Ger
man U-boat had sunk a vessel and was
no doubt lingering in the vicinity ex
pecting another vessel might come
along. The people in the life boats
would have been rescued by th5 trans
port had it not been attacked by the
U-boat.
Before Senate Committee
From New York Mr. Douglas paid a
visit to Washington where he remain
ed for several days. He was called
by the senate committee on military
affairs and gave his impression of
ar conditions as he had observed
them in Europe, being of the opinion
that the United States government
had been slow to realize the fact that
this country must bear a great bur
den in winning the war. While In
Washington he visited with Snafjr
Mark Smith and had the pleasure of
is in training "Somewhere in Eng
land" will be pleased to read the fol
lowing letter from him, received by a
local friend.
He says:
"Dear Friend Mitchell.
"Just a few lines to let you know
all of us boys arrived on this side
safely. There are a bunch of the old
Bisbee Y. M. C. A. men here: Walter
Freeman, Ben Neeper, Dan Angius and
Wilson. They are all in the same regi
ment I am, but in different companies.
They told me to give everyone around
the Y. M. C. A. their best regards.
"Did the bowling team get to go to
Tucson T
"I know by the paper that Mr. Rich
ardson has quit the Bisbee Y. M. C. A.
I surely hate to- see him go, as he
ARGENTINA IS WITn
. ALLIES, IS WORD
mutually beneficial financial and com
mercial agreements with the United
States.
Dr. Naon said on his arrivel here!
that tho mttitxtAA r.t tila nuntro 1tq1 I
been much misunderstood and misrep
resented. It was not even true, as
commonly reported and believed, that
President Irigoyen leaned toward the
German cause, he insisted.
Argentina is Friendly
"I had an opportunity in my trip
home," he said, "to realize most difl
nitely that the feeling of traditional
and uninterrupted friendship and the
desire for the closest possible rela
tions between the two countries are
prevailing in my country. It is possi
ble to state it even stronger than that
the feeling Is practically unanimous
auq H- Zeismmer, formerly of Bisbee. seeing Dr. F. T. Wright, who is now
sere did a lot for our Y. M. C. A. When 1 among my people and in the Argentine
government.
"This condition permits me to con
tinue serving the policy of Pan-Americanism
which I have already served
for the last seven years as the repre
sentative of my country here in Wash
ington. "I am sure that there is no better
way to serve this policy than through
the increasing of our commercial and
economic interchange so far as the cir
cumstances of the period permit"
"Everybody in Argentine looks for
ward to the extension of our inter
change with the greatest sympathy
and interest, and I am convinced taat
the people of the United States share
in this aspiration of my people."
Cain in Trade Seen
Dr. Naon is expected to undertake
negotiations with the United States
which will result in a tremendous in
crease of commerce between the two
you write him again, tell him I send
my best regards.
"Well, as I do not know very much
news, I will close, hoping this finds
you well, I remain.
Yours truly.
PRVT. EARL. WITTIG.
"P. S. Tell all the bowlers, women
included, that I sent my best regards
to them and think I soon will be able
to see them again. Write me a line
or two when you have time to spare."
in the medical service in the nation
al hospital.
Mr. Douglas says that he regards it
as absolutely necessary tor this coun
try to have two million men in France
before December and not less than
four million in that country by the
first of next May to crush the enemy
before it has an opportunity to mo
bilize the man force of Europe. .
A is. t
. V i
X. '
1 France and Great Britain. In return
I Argentina agreed to dispose of 2,500
j 000 tons of grain to these countries to
I be exported before Nov. 1 of this yeai
i While Dr. Naon refuses to anticipate
I the negotiations which he will take up
i with this government, it is assumed
! that it will seek to establish a similar
; arrangement here except that it will be
I broader in scope and will embrace a
j great number of articles of import and
j export.
j Argentina is in need' of manufactur
i ed steel products, tin products, coal.
i caustic soda and a wide variety of oth-
Sunuay, July 21, Vista Park,
p. m.:
March "The Stars and Stripes For
ever," Sousa.
Overture "Orpheus," J. Offenbach.
Baritone solo "Zaraida Polka,"
Frank H. Loosey. Soloist, Wm. Johns.
Valse Krolis Ballklance," H. C.
Lumbye.
Grand Fantasia on "Old Folks it
Home," Dalby.
Selection "The Champion," John
Hartmau.
Celebrated Menuet, J. J. Paderewski.
Rag Novelty, "Mr. Buzzy Law," Jean
Kastowsky.
"Star Spangled Banner."
Director, Wm. H. Martin.
LIST OF PRISONERS
WASHINGTON, July 20. Names of
125 Americans reported in prison
camos bv the war ministry wera in-
" anun-s. Mine 01 uim me cnuea ncuneed today by the war department,
j States might spare from its stores in I Most of them were captured In the
j return for gram and other necessary j fighting at Seiceprey last April. Some
commodities. . have been reported previously from
! Referring to the common belief that rsmitH nrhpr than lhA,& in whifh thov
! j President Irigoyen, and possibly other now are located.
members or the government, were act- Some of the addresses are incom
! ive German sympathizers. Dr. Naon piete and others are probably er
said that the people in tJie United roneous. No men from the southwest
States had misconstrued the motives 'were included in the list
i 01 tne .Argentine government in pro
j ceeding cautiously amid the excite
ment of the days when the exposures
j were being made of German activities
in Argentina ana hi toe time tne mes- 1
sages of Count von Luzburg wcr
made public.
Dr. Romulo S. Naon.-
40 SUCCESSFUL YEARS
nations. There Is no reason. Argen- i
tinians who have studied the situation
say, why the United States should not
soon have a commerce with the South
American country of more than $S00,
000,000 annually and why the com
merce with South America, which has
been greatly neglected, should not as
sume an importance evea greater than
that with the European countries.
iraae with Argentina now is about constipation
IMPURE AND POISONED BLOOD
NO LONGER TERRORIZE
THOSE WHO KNOW OF
"NUMBER 40"
This is the record of the famous old
prescription known as ' Number 40 For
The Blood." Successfully employed
in diseases of the glandular system, in
Mood poison, mercurial and lead pols-
CEHOGMl
v.
Office Below
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
Phone 121
REAL ESTATE
RENTALS
FIRE INSURANCE
NOTARY
Phone 121
- Office Below
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
C H. HOGAN
j fC00.O0O.009 annually and this repre- i trouble, malaria, toxic poisoning, hepa-;
suns a preai increase over tne pre-1 tic congestions, scrofulous enlarge-1
war figures. Germany and Great Brit- j ments, sores, ulcers, mercurial anw
aln having had a great part of Argen-j lead poisoning. "Number 40" is made ;
tinas trade at that time. . by J. C. Mendenhall, 40 years a drug- :
Under a convention sisned la.st Jan- j gist, Evansville, Ind. 1
uary the Argentine government estab-1 Sold by Central Pharmacy. Bisbee, I
lished credits of $100,000,000 each in i Ariz.; Lowell Drug Co., Lowell, Ariz, j
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Solicits Your
Patronage
PHONE S3
Golden Fleece Yams Amber and Steel Knitting Needles for Red Cross Work
Silk Umbrellas Price
These are a remarkable lot of umbrellas. Best paragon
steel frames, short and large handles in gold, silver, plain
and carved hardwood handles in silk and silk and linen
covers and just at the time of yea that they are needed
most. Black and color3. I V
Make His Dreams Come True '
Buy War Savings Stamps
st night American soldiers, sleeoino- in the dpsnlah'nn
of France, dreamed of victory of America safe, free and
happy.
They left the comforts of life to fight the Huns. To
help stamp out of the minds of the Huns forever their ideas
of world dominion.
You must back them up. Loan your dollars to the
government.
BUY WAR SAVINGS STAMPS
Sale of Silks
40 In. Wide $3.50 Values
Monday and Tuesday
$1.98 Yd.
Silks of unusual quality and designs in plain colors, stripes
and plaids of heavy satins and taffetas and what a saving.
You can buy the very best of silks at prices that you pay for
the cheaper grades at ordinary times. Beautiful for skirts,
street and evening dresses.
Men's Straw Hats
and Panamas
x2 Price
This lot includes novelty ftraws and pannm.i: ;is well as
the staple blocks in practically all sizes, priced from $! 00
to $7.00 regular, at just one-half the regular selling price.
Premier Values of the Entire Year
Summer Dresses One-Half Price
Only in this big annual occasion when clean-up is the uppermost thought in mind are such opportunities as this adver
tised . Dresses of lawn, voile and organdies, some of the most popular styles of the hour, in plain and combination of
colors, will be shown. All sizes, 36 to 44, one-half price Monday.. (Second Floor)
Sale of Misses and Children's Wash Dresses lfe Price
Parents can be sure that the prices will never be so low again on these dresses of unusual styles of novelty voiles, or
gandies and sheer lawn. They come in plain white, dainty figures and coloro. Every one a model. One-half price
Monday.
Sale of Ladies' Gingham Dresses Yz Less
This sale will be a boon to many a woman Monday. Fine quality of ginghams in plaids, stripes and fine checks for
street and house wear. Some have pretty P. K'. collars and cuffs, others trimmed with plain materials to match, with
patent leather belts. A very large assortment to choose from and so cool and fresh for these warm days. All sizes,
1 6 to 44 at one-third less.
Sale of Blouses Monday 2 Price
What a whir this sale will create among women Monday. , Beautiful models in Georgette crepe, crepe de chince and
novelty tub silks. Values from $7.50 to $ 1 6.50 all sizes just one-half the regular selling price. Just think what a
saving this means. Waist Department Monday, one-half price.
wCv if
ffip
50 New Artistic
Hats
Just Taken From Their Tissues
Monday
$4.95
They were taken from their tissue-lined boxes this week
and are going on sale at this cxtremehy low price Monday.
Included in this lot arc white Milan lints, faced with white
Georgette crepe, tailored in gosgrain ribbon, and the new
Georgette crepe brims with black velvet ciowns the
craze of New York today. Models never h fore shown
here and included in this snle for Mondav. Mi'itnery De
partment. (Second Floor)
Sale of Ladies' Silk Skirts
One-Third Less Regular Price
-It will be a treat for every woman to select a beautiful silk skirt
at such a remarkable saving. All new and up to the minute styles.
Novelty plaids and fancy stripes. Some are plain tailored, others
with big patch'pockets for street or sport wear. Big variety of
colors in all the newest shades. Suit Department Monday, one-third
less the regular selling price.
Mi
mill
1 , ih
tLJl
Visit Our Corset Dept.
FilZ of Bon Ton and
Rniml Warcpstpr Cnrsota
" Slatk is now complete and wc assure absolute comfort as personal
attention is gien every customer by expert corsetieri. THE B1SBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JULY 21, 191S.
THREE
OPTIMISM IS
KEYNOTE OF
out to you on tle larger detailed map,
showing former German advances day
by day, and our troops held that line
when the counter offensive beart.
The front over which we advanced
twenty-two miles, and the maximum
and fighting is going or. very lienvily
at that point.
"The American divisions which are
on the front of the larse offensive are
the 1st. 2nd. :.rl. 4ih. I'Kth and 2Sth
belt, then dropped down four feet to
the bilge keel, and thence to the dock
keel, which at that time was eight
feet above water. From there he
jumped into the water. The siiip was
divisions. The colored regiments tie-jabout five roini'tes In turning over i less of life, is of no significance from
The other j after sl.e reached thirty-five degrees
U l' I II. I II III B !
mo iiLruiu
(Continued from Tage On)
ground between Chateau Thierry arm
Rheims, the other half the plain of the
Champagne between Kheims and the
forest of Argonne.
"In the Champagne district the posi
tions which was held largely by the
French troops, with the assistance of
one American - division and a regi
ment of United States colored troops,
l&'Aa nnpt inlv a ahnrt riiatnnra
at a few points. The ChamDaene dU- sending troops over at the same rate
I WW U1U UlUillll, ttllU, UfttJ uitwi
guesses, it is wrong, me siaiemeni
hio twin tA a .lonth nf tmi milaa QtiH at ,;.-;..;,... I.i !n ll.n J'rw1 TttlllPt!
r 11 uo uvn iu a ucjuu ui uu uiui nun in iiur irt ii v t - i i v .
itlie otlier points indicated there ms t;ie imiiindiate path of the German at-1 -0 am- "i IJi' . ure.i. rjnes on this sMe of the Atlantic." said
I been a penetration or seven miles, so j tack and our counter oiiensive are the I v i-miy numru j jjr Daniels, "la more or less of a
: that we have gone forward seven miles jneven divisions I have Indicated. ! waa while standing on the wheel nienace, of course. Rut they will not
on a twenty-two mile front, this lSiThose divisions are not opcrrting as : i, m .ci ouute me iwara hv.ii In stonmng our transports going
!the official statement of how f:ir we a corp-. but are used wherever it is bridge, lie fen ami nearu a dull ex- overseas with soldiers and more sol-
. . .... 1 . l t 1 I . ... Itn IliiniDllllt fk) If nn..H,lrJ mil. 1
ihave gone. The last lnuication we : necessary for us to see them. piuiuu. nr unu..UMiri, unufU uirn,fra as! fast ps we can send them
had in the official reports was that "We have nothing to imlicrto how I "a--iii; uun .-us.: : yu. ten as me general
fighting was still in progress and the costly our casualty lists are. No rf-alarm-
official reports also indicate the cap-; ports .011 casualties have come i:i. and "Everything went quietly and ac
ture of cuns and Drisoners in very , we .in not know vet what It will cast fording to drill schedules. The cap-
Daniels said here todaj that he be- A member of Admiral Gleare's staff
lieves a mine and not a torpedo was stated tonight that no official an
responsible for the sinking of the 1 nouncement as to whether the San
cruiser San Diego. He added that the 'Diego met her fate by torpedo, mine
sinking of the vessel, aside from the or some other caus would be nnde
until a court cf inquiry, which held
a preliminary hearing h-re today corn-
presence of German subnia-!" "s """" it i"u-
ceeuniss were revieweu ny tue secre
tary cf the navy.
a military standpoint.
"The
helpful amounts.
"In this advance, and opposing the
advance of the Germans, there are
seven American divisions and one reg
iment of colored troops.
"The press has carried during t'ie
past few days statements about the
tain rang full speed ahead and sent of-
"I can give no information as to the 1 fi's to investigate the damage. At
nnmher of nrisnners. because the onlv i'he no ino.ni me snip wouiu
reports I have refer to prisoners which
Notwithstanding the great precautions
we have tak"n to protect our trans
ports, supply ships and men I still con-i
SEAPLANES BOMB HUN
were captured by French corps 111
which American divisions were oper
ating and no disassocia'ion was ninde
number or troops we nave eonunueuij,, tne reports; but. as far as I can
to send over. It was an estimate made ,jU(j;,p tney followed quite closely the
by some person who arrived ai nis neWspaper accounts.
conclusion by assuming that we were
trict is under the command of General
Gouaraud of the French army. Gou
raud is one of the most striking per
sonalities in France among the aimy
commanders, lie is a man about 50
years of age as he seemed to me, erect
and soldierly. He has been in action
all over the world and has on his
sleeve the five wound stripes. He has
lost one arm and a man of less deter
mination and force could never have
survived The French call him "tres
BOidaO ''every inch a soldier" He is
a man of such determination and force
that in any German drive against his
troops his men will be inspired by his j
Taking the salient as it stands
one of the prime reasons for making
this advance is the position of the
not sink. Two motor sailors were
ordered rigged out, but not to be low
ered until further orders.
"At the submarine defense call, the
men went quietly to their stations and
manned the guns. They stood by the
uort guns until they were awash, and I
by the starboard guns until the list'
cf the ship pointed ihem up into the 1
I air.
IT7II I Ij..
published in papers was that we had
sent over about S0.000 men last weeK
ailroads. Snissons is connected with (
When it seemed obvious that the
vessel wo:ld capsize, the order was
aCU U IS I l.nA., shin IV.. nrt
assumed that the Germans get part of . " - "h"' ' .!
rilU; l illllic-i win' " "vjr iu iviuam
2UI13
hatcau Thierry by railroad art! it is
anA that tliA nnmhpr vas nrtw A 1 i f 1 1 f i -1 : i : rii,;,in. Tl.Uim. rm
Cht f isnnnnn Th fact of the..... ,w i,!at their station as long as the
1 1" " v - J " " ' " - ' - - --- II1UL 1 .'.111 V Hl(l mill, ui vuuinc, iii.ii II"
matter is that we have passed tne
200,000 mark on the second million.
We have over 1,200.000 embarked. If
you will wait for these things I will
tell you the facts; they are always
better than when you guess.
"One question asked me has been
would bear.
"Boats were ordered lowered.
and
an important bearing on how long
.i . . . i. t r vn
u.rse i. uu,- ;.., ' " two F3il boats, one dingy, one wherry.
Germans have to withdraw they have, launched. Thd
practically one l.ne through h.c!.j ? launched and the lum-
they ran i get out. so Foch is hammj deck wa ,osed anJ Bet
ng on thin side the western, which , ,r, m nes8 table8 and , ka.
is inu .ii i.iici ii.ii ...... ......r, . . m q t tfnuupQ were thrown over-
suler it marvelous that we have suc
ceeded in getting more than a million
troops over thp seas without the loss
of a life or a ship.
"It is true that we have lost about
2t'if men during return voyages of
transports, and that is deeply regret
ted, but we have still been marvel
ouly fortunate. Every time a trans-
nnrf f'dnt nnrt tin fm i-,..-., lAn,.nn . .
showers, knowing that it"must run the j 0Ut, a"' c"?u"U,r.8-h k. ,
or,.i. r ,, ,-v.. In the first flight which was made
:;V "i - V,. 1 r."r.1'- 1 'L .l r. the early morning, all the machine,
NEW YORK. July 20. Ret ween
when the fni.e,! s,;L. ' " i " was completely destroyed, the confl
nil
Isl;
off.
(r:y Review Ij'nse,l Wire)
I-ONDON. July 20. i'.ritish rra
planes launched . from naval vessels
near the coast of Germany, have drop
ped bombs on Teuton air:;hlp sheds at
Tondern, in Schlesweig. destroying
two sheds and possibly a third build
ing, the I'.ritish admiralty announced
toiiiuht.
Four machines of the Rritish aerial
squadron did not return, three landing
in Danish territory. All the Hiitisli
warships returned to their base with-
reached their objectives and made di-
jrect bits on a Iaree double shed which
npntlnn v in n fhmicn.l
L'go was sunk, ten rniles off Fire I ' " ' , 7 u l" v.
and yesterday, according to a semi-1 ' , .u macuiii"s
' iul estimate made here tonieht. ! 1 i...r
Most of those who perished are be- ",)ra?3 pp.-a saeus.
ed to have been members o' the , '.,,rj:e1 nT D,own lL
il was jiupui-.si.uit: 10 uurve v. nt-itUT (
$ W :
tires
Will you be gd enough to tell us rPat mlml)er of tro0ps on the nose of andon ship was complete be
where the. Illinois national guard. ;thG saIient ,, ,iammPrinK there. ; boar Ab
which trained at Fort Logan H. R.iots ; . whlch wold only drive them back In f" tttlVZ
presence to die where they are. i is situated In r ranee .' I he division , th direction of the railroads.
"Along the Marne between Chateau Is commanded by General Geo. bell In response to a question as to the
Thierry and Rheims, the .Germans i Jr.. and is in the English training tctaj number of Americans engaged,
made an advance of from four to five sector. A unit from that division toki General March replied:
nines on a iwemy-mree mne ironi. ipari m uic nf,i....i6 ... ,CHi- -r the wnoie divisions were tnerei,. A hpre, ., thP ITnited
The terrain at that point is very dif- ed last week where the Australians ! ,he nlm
I boat.
'Two dingles, with six officers and
Including service or sup-io,riH aaM at 1.20 r. tn. The
ply troops and combatant troops a .Maiden came into sight and
.1 : . t " An A n.An t .
, picked up 370 officers and men.
feet order was preserved, the men
! cheering. When on the raft3 they
! sang "The Star Spangled Banner" and
".Mv Country Tis of Thee," cheered for
the captain, the executive officer and
division comes to 4.r,,000 men.'
iicur, wooaea mils rising up to aimaae an aavance accompaiuKu uy be 27,000 in each division and in my
height of from 400 to 500 feet perhaps. ! American troops, so that tne training ta-KS (0 you vcll can PSt!mate them at ;
'' 6euw iuoeuieuL uas oeen .iaa piuBiku . iu 27.000 per division, unless l ten ycu ,wpntvnne men Dulled to shore and
broueht to & standstill Tho hii. Iran actuallv take Dart in the fichting. i ..u t..i.,.i: twenty-one men puiieu to snore, anu
1 j - J . , . . ..... . , iumnil.)r.
of the entire German attack was not a Another question is: -wuere is me
great strategic object like an advance I 77th division, and are they operating
on Paris or an advance on the English jas a division?' The 7th is in the line
ports. It plainly had for its objective ,near Luneville, and is operating as a
simply the applying of the nut cracker i division, complete, under its own corn
process on the city of Rheims. If itimsnder.
were possible for them to come in I "In the stenographic account of
there and squeeze Rheims they could what I told you about the organization
force a surrender in time. Rheims. icf the three corps. I told you that the
however, as has been shown, is verv 1 7Sth division was composed of drafted
well organized for defense. Without i men from Delaware and New Ycrk,
going into details, it is organized for omitting
The
steamer Bossoin reached tne scene
20 minutes later and picked up 708 of
ficers and men. The ship S. P. Jones
NEARLY FORTY j
LUol LlYfcO JIN j came up and took aboard seventy-eight
rRIIISFR SINKINt; men. These three steamers searcnea
liev
engine room crew, who were killed
outriRht or who were so seriously in
jured in the explosion which which
wrecked the cruiser that they were un-1
able to save themselves before the
sh'i went down.
It has been established also that i
several of the crew struggling In thei
water were struck by the smoke stacks j
of the cruiser when they fell. These '
men were stunned and urowneil before ! Melvin Emery, a
uc,p luulu me"!. I to the aviation
utners lost
It was impossible to observe whether !
the destruction of the "second shed !
was complete. The attacks were nrulA
from a heltht of from 7U to 1U00
feet. I
KILLED BY FALL
tV.y nview Leased Wire)
SAN DIEGO, Calif.. July 20. Albert
cadet flier attached
school at 'Jrnnerial
their lives when they , rach near here, was killed south oi
fContlnued from Page One)
the state of New
the entire vicinity for survivors until)
: 3 p. m. A fourth steamer came up
,.. .... i - l.nn,..n At A
Jersey, gine
1 mier. our so uluth''"' department lists. It was
room, closed the water tight door i P'(k up any survi ors The three howeve. that the mPn on
were caugni unuer me me rart wnicn , that place late todayi faninB 3000 feet
was being launched just as the warship j in a taii spin. Emery was doing aero
turned on its side before going down.: fIving at the lime of tne ar.oi.
The men hand ing the raft lost control Uent. His home was in Washington
of it and it slid over the side on top j sate
of the men in the water. "
The survivors from te San Diego i
were kept all day on the army docks 1
at Hoboken to be checked ud by the I
officers of the ship. An official list j
of survivors given out tonight can-1
tains 1149 names. It will be initios- i
slble to determne exactly the loss of i
life until this list is sent to Wash-! "My son-in-law was so bad from
not I ,nRton ana compared with the navy stomach trouble that he was reducvj
ALMOST A SHADOW, AFRAID
TO EAT
believed, to almost a shadow
however, that the men on board the ! to eat anything, as
house to house defense, and that has j which furnished a large proportion of 1 to the engine rcom and gave the neces- steamers took tne sun 1 ors 10 .e
been the reason why the Germans ! that contingent. Almost half the men i sary instructions to the fire room to rk .w".cre. tn.ey fe ? i???" .!"
have not been able to get in. j in that division came from New : protect the boilers. i a L .ea sJ"Jf' VI,,
"As goon as the German advance : Jersey." - I "The shiD listed to port heavily so ! ProMs on nu ucc" '""u J' " ; ment is unable at present to give the
along the line of the Marne east of I In answer -to questions General! the water entered the gun ports 011 ! reception. Iney . , number cf men and officers aboard tTie
V ItllllHI ... 111V . .. u.. . u . . - . 1" -
San Diego numbered nearer 1200 than ;
1150.
The reason why the navy depart-
CJiateau Thierry had been brought to 1 March said:
a standstill. Foch struck hard alone
the western side of the salient The
series of lines you see on the map
represents the German advancs which
produced that salient, day by day, and
at the start of this fight which began
last Monday our line was along here
! the gun decks. The vessel listed eight
Our reports do not indicate that degrees quickly, then hung for seven
Solssons lias fallen. It is under artil- minutes; then gradually listed, the
lery fire. Our troops have ccme up
to the Doint where they are so close grees was reached.
to it that the town must be heavily I port quarter deck wsa three feet un !Mr' VL "'th
bombarded but it is evident the Ger- der water. Then the ship rapi.iiy w'aV ,;ans crrlng the en frora th
mans have thrown into the defense : turned turtle and sank.
(indicating a line runnine snnlhwanl nf thil litrn n lnrp-e niunher of reserves "f 'ml a in Christy1 went from the
from the Alsne to the Marne). The I which did not accompany them during hi idge down two ladders to the boat! DANIELS MAKES STATEMENT
blue cord represents the line I pointed the original attack along the Marne, j deck, slid dewn a line to the armored 1 NORFOLK, Va., July 20. Secretary
sentatives were on
men arrived and distributed 1200
. , . .. . 1.1, . n,AnhAM B,
speed increasing until thirty-five de-! "' .
11 thin tlino 1, I .-J'" wan... ......j
DarKuuon oiiicers nssjsicu 111 j
e
steamer,
San Diego was explained here tonight
by an aide of Rear Admiral Albert
Cleaves.
Before leaving Portsmouth. V II..
officers of the cruiser made duplicate
lists of all aboard. One list was re
tained and was lost with the vessel.
The other was mailed from Ports
mouth to the bureau of navigation at
Washington. It is believed the sec
ond list still is in the mails.
and was afraid
all food caused
bloating o gas which pressed against
his heart, worrying him very much.
Our druggist persuaded him to try
Mayr's Wonderful Remedy and in tv
months he looked fine, can eat any
thing and works hard every day." It
Is a simple, harmless preparation that
removes the catarrhal mucus from tho
intestinal tract and allays the inflam
mation which causes practically all
stomach, liver and intestinal ailments,
including appendicitis. One dose will
convince or money refunded.
Said by Bisbee Drug Co., Lowell
Drug Co., Lowell, and druggists everywhere.
TIRES
TIRES
It is every man's duty, now,
to make his old tires last,
longer. Don't throw away
those old tires bring them
in , to us have them made
new by expert tire men
with the best materials and
the best workmanship.
WE RETREAD,
WE REINFORCE,
WE REBUILD
Remember the last few
thousand miles are the
cheapest.
Hyde&Strack
Experts in Tireology
Johnson Addition
Phone 859
INDEPENDENT
Contractor and Builder
Estimate and Plans Furnished
Wm. McDOUGALL
OPPOSITE LINCOLN SCHOOL
PHONE GREEN 728
TEVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
iu. JW nu m
lira k
YYJlJLri
HP5) Cash -Converter lOTTO
Ji. o
SALE
mm1.
At KOBEY'S
On Main St. V
T T ton
-Jo
Starts Monday
July 22, 9 A. M.
Cash-Converter Sale Starts I
tlondav
, July 22, Ends Saturday, Aug.
Men! Our store is full of things you need; too full for our comfort. Our stock in many
lines is away too big, so we have made sharp price -reductions on all so
notable, considering the steadily increasing market, that the goods will move
out in a hurry. The few examples listed in this ad will show you what we
mean. Here is a great opportunity to get dependable merchandise at a price
away below normal. We are going to CONVERT the STOCK into CASH.
' W y
Shirts
Your choice of 1 50 men's dress shirts, all
neat patterns, $1.75 to $2.50 f1 AJt
values. Sale price P
Men's soft collar shirts, choice selection of
these $2.25 to $2.75 values. tf 1 QC
Sale price P
Sport shirts in various patterns and excellent
materials. Q C
Sale price OC
Furnishings
NECKWEAR. Our entire line of 75c neck
wear will be put on sale
at
45c
OVERALLS. Extra special. We are closing
out 50 pairs of men's American dyed heavy
weight overalls. Small sizes
only, at
GLOVES. Men's heavy weight leather work
gauntlet. QKn
Sale price UJ
$1.35
Hats
Our entire stock of straws and panamas will
be put on sale. 1 fCC
.Sale price 2 UlT
Your choice of our $3.50 and $4.00 soft felt
hats. - J0 QC
On sale at Pi.7
CAPS. Special offering in this line of head
gear. Qr
On sale at
Suit Cases
These cases are extra well made with patented
handle, reinforced a requkir QC
$2.50 value. Sale price........'... p OD'
$1.25 values in athletic underwear. QC
Sale price uDC
$1.50 values in Porosknit underwear. QCp
Sale price VOC
1 00 odd and end garments of cotton balbrig
gan underwear. Broken tizes.
Per garment UiJC
Shoes! Shoes!
379 pair of men's dress and work shoes, also our entire
line of oxfordi will be put on sale Regular $5.50 to $7.00
values. Sale price....
fi A f , SPECIAL We are fortunate in purchasing 60 pair of the improver! C r
Dl' J Dayton United States Army shoe, made of the best grade tan willow c5030
T -J calf. Regular $8.00 value. Sale Price
Men's Dress Hose
Men's tan, grey and helio dress sox. Specially
priced for this sale
15c Pair
THE PLACE
KOBEY'S
Main Street Across from the Eagle Theater
SHINOLA
That famous Shinola shoe polish in black or
tan. Regular 1 5c seller. Sale price
2 Cans for 15c
j
L
: r FOUR
PUBLISHED EVERY DAY EXCEPT MONDAY BY THE
STATE CONSOLIDATED PUBLISHING COMPANY.
CULLEX A. CAIN' Editor and Genera! Manager
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
The Associated Press Is exclusively entitled to the use
for republication of all news dispatches credited to it or
not otherwise credited to this paper and also the l'K"al
news published herein.
All rights of republication of special dispatches herein
are also reserved.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES, PAYABLE IN ADVANCE:
Per Month "5
Three Months 2.25
Six Months 4.00
Twelve Months 7.50
Suuday (Our Weekly) per year 2.50
Sunday (Our Weekly) per quarter 75
No Subscriptions Taken for Less Than 75 Cents
Second Battle of Marne
And still the second battle of the Marne
rages with the allies still on the offensive.
And, what is more important still, they
have taken the offensive upon the south
leg of the Marne salient, which is to fay
west of Rheims, where the Germans tried
the hardest in their last drive. What the
German staff has up its sleeve we do not
"know, but, up to the present time, it has
been outguessed and outfought. It is still
too soon to jubilate or make many claims,
but it is late enough to congratulate our
troops upon some splendid and successful
warfare. And oh, if the British Would strike
now, with the Germans drawing reinforce
ments from the north. But it is a mistake
to accuse the British of voluntary inaction,
as some folks have thoughtlessly done in
their talk in front of The Review bulletin
boards yesterday. They are doubtless wild
to be unleashed, these bulldogs, these Scots
and Canadians and Irish and Australians.
It is. for Foch to say when they shall strike.
And Foch will give the word when the time
is ripe.
"SEND A SOLDIER TO CONGRESS'
(Tucson Citizen.)
Announcement was made yesterday that
friends of Lieut. Thos. Maddock, who has
been with his unit in France since May, are
circulating a petition to place hi3 name on
the Republican ballot as a candidate for
congress this fall.
It would be a fitting thing indeed for
Arizona to send a soldier to congress this
year. Men now on the other side have
been nominated in several of the 400 or
more districts in the United States and with
the expeditionary forces represented in that
body, the members will certainly get some
first hand information on exactly what is
transpiring on the other side. They may
send committees to inspect the trenches but
they cannot take in the situation like the
men who have fought side by side with the
boys over there.
There will be no pussy-footing by Ari
zona's representative in congress if Tom
Maddock is elected. He is a fighter all
through. He ha3 been a success in private
life, he has been a success as a public offi
cial and a success as a soldier. He will be
a conspicious success as a congressman.
Starting out on the Santa Fe a3 a call
boy at Winslow, Tom Maddock rose in
eighteen years until he became one of the
best known men of the state. There is no
veneer about him. All who ever met him
are impressed with his sincerity and earn
estness and it was in that same earnest and
fighting ' spirit that he left his work and
family behind and joined the fighting forces
in France.
They can talk all they please about get
ting behind the boys "over there" but the
best way to do it is to pick a few of them
and send them to congress where the great
questions of policy which so vitally effect
them are, threshed out.
Those men and women in Arizona who
are wearing the service stars cannot do bet
ter by their boy in uniform than to send
one who has been through what he, too, has
passed through or must later endure to
represent Arizona in Washington.
CAR SHORTAGE
In the light of experience with transpor
tation difficulties during the winter of
1917-18, chiefs of the United States rail
road administration consider additional
locomotives are more necessary now than
additional freight cars.
Discussing the decision recently an
nounced to build 100,000 new car3 for
American railroads during the present year,
railroad .ldrriinistration officials say the
number was fixed only after every loco
motive existing facilities could turn out
during ilsc yaw had been ordered.
"It was not a shortage of cars that
brought ?bout congestion in the past," it is
said at the railroad administration. "In
fact, so many cars got jammed up in term
inals thejr nearly blocked transportation
themselves. The shortage was in motive
power. So in considering the matter this
year, when the war industries board fixed
the amount of steel which it would allot to
railroad use, we assigned to the engine
shops every pound that there wa3 a rea
sonable chance of getting into a new loco
motive this year. Any engine builder who
can increase his capacity can still get orders.
Samuel O. Dunn, editor of the Railway
Age Gazette of Chicago, using figures com
piled by Slason Thompson, head of the
bureau of railway news and statistics, has
made a prediction that the new car con
struction will not obviate a shortage when
crop and coal movement3 pile upon rail
roads after October.
"The original shortage which was re
sponsible mainly for the chaos of last win
ter will be increased rather than decreased,
he said in a statement upon the adminis
tration's car building program, "and I
learned at recent conferences at Washing
ton that cars have not thus far been turned
out as fast a3 they might have been.
"On March 1,' 1916, for the time for
two and one-half years, the American Rail
way association reported a net shortage of
cars. This was due mainly to weather con
ditions, and to an acute congestion at east
ern ports. It disappeared, and did not re
turn for five months. On September 1,
1916, however, a new shortage was re
ported again; and net shortages varying
from 34,000 to 139,000 cars have been
reported every month since. This unbroken
continuance of car shortage for more than
twenty months is without precedent in the
history of American railroading. The car
shortage is again on the ascendancy-now,
and will assuredly reach its peak early in
October when the crop movement, to-
gether with the coal traffic, will further
augment the demands upon the railroads."
A GERMAN SPEAKS
Dr. W. Muehlon, ex-director of the great
Krupp gun works at Essen, who resigned
his official position and renounced his
many honors, dignities and friendship in
German officialdom, and exiled himself to
Switzerland, gave out a most notable inter
view recently to a correspondent of the
Philadelphia Public Ledger, in which he
arraigned Germany more mercilessly than
any Englishman, Frenchman or American
has ever done. Every phase of German
diplomacy and militarism and internal pol
icy was wholly condemned by this German
who is in a position to speak with as much
authority as almost any German official
alive today. Dr. Muehlon declares that the
socialists and independents of Germany are
just as bad as the German junkers. All
Germany, he says, from peasant to prince,
in their heart of hearts, have been led off
after the false gods of power and dominion.
They seek baubles from the hand of the
masters, the nobility. They have been
seduced from principles and from kindness
and gentleness and charity by the offer of
medals for slaughter and gold for ruthless
ness and honors for cruelty.
Dr. Muehlon closes his terrible interview
as follows:
"Fascinated by the lure of conquest and
profitable peace before winter, the German
people have gone forth to death on new
fields of frightful slaughter, but when it at
last realizes that these materialistic dreams
can never come true, and that, on the con
trary, poverty, impotence and ultimate
utter economic and military exhaustion are
in store for it, there is going to be a great
crisis in Germany.
"This moment of dreadful awakening
will come sooner than most people think,
for the general economic situation in Ger
many is already today more desperate than
it ever was before and forms an absolutely
unnatural contrast to the positions the
kaiser's armies hold on the war map of
Europe.
"America is destined to deal Prussian
militarism and materialism a knockout
blow on the battle fields of heroic, devas
tated France; and remember the former
Krupp director's prophetic words: "Ger
many will not stand much punishment;
once she is down she will give in quickly,"
and the kaiser's empire will topple like a
house of cards.
With the-guns of the allies battering the
rail connection over which the armies of
the German crown prince drew their re
sources for offensive around Rheims and
Chateau Thierry; with Germans abandon
ing their positions along the south bank of
the Marne, who can doubt that General
Foch at last struck h3 stride and the cause
of the allied nations is the gainer of a bril
liant tactical and material victory.
Chateau Thierry, Little Town on
A Hill, Where Yanks Made History
It Was Founded by Charles Martel in the Year 720 and Has Witnessed Many Famous Bat
tles and Sieges and Been Ruled by Many Masters From Foreign Lands Before the Amer
icans Came; Germans Once Took This Town About the Time John Smith Landed in
Virginia; Napoleon Fought There
(From the Stars and Stripes, France)
Written down by the soldiers of the
A. E. F.. one by one there are appear
ing, for the first time in the pages of
American history, the' names of old
French towns. They are towns rich in
the memories of a thousand years and
the counts of Champagne, the castle
changed hands again . and again
through the early centuries.
English archers took and held it in
1421. toward the close of the weary
Hundred Years' War between Eng
land and France, the interminable war
which finally brought Joan of Arc up
trous campaign, for on the last day of
March Napoleon's "enemies entered
Paris, and before many weeks had
passed he had been exiled to Elba.
Chateau Thierry was taken and re
taken in 1S14. Just a hundred years
later its walla looked down upon the
retreat of the enemy before the victors
of the Marne.
Visiting there in the spring of this
rtut rtf tlm finlrta nf I zirrjino te loaH
scarred with the half forgotten wounds tne armie8 of the king and which, at
of a hundred wars. Theirs are names; the end, lost to the English crown all i year you would have fonhd Chateau
that French children have conned for jits rich French jewels save only I Thierry a town set in a fair and peace
centuries and which now your childr2n Calais. 'ful countryside, proud of its sheep,
and your children's children will read! Germans Had it of Old "crowded pasturages and rich in Its
In the schoolbooks of America. ' j In the first half of the Sixteenth Cen j vines and cherry trees a little town
Such a name is Chateau Thierry. Ititury, while adventurers on the other j of seven thousand people, no larger
was there that the German armies, in! side of the Atlantic were exploring I than Rochester, Minn., or Red Bank,
the great thrust for Paris they began 'with fear and wonder the mysteries of i New Jersey.
May 27, first met the resistance of
Yankee troops.
Chateau Thierry is a little town on
a hill. Past its foot flows the slow,
untroubled waters of the Marne. From
the gray stone, red tiled outskirts on
the other side of the river, you cross a
3-arched bridge of stone to mount, by
winding paths, to where the ancient
church lifts its Sixteenth Century bel
fry to the heavens. House by house
and street by street, the town has
grown up through the centuries around
the wilderness known as America, the And this town is the shrine ' for
Old World shook with the trampling I French pilgrims, not because of the
armies of Francis I, king of France, ! battles fought In its streets, but be
and his enemy, the mighty Charles V., ! cause it was the home of the master of
emperor of Germany, who had made fables. La Fontaine. Very much as It
a pact with England for his undoing. was in the Seventeenth Century, you
Then and not for the last time the1 can see today the house with its out-
dwellers along the Marne saw an army , side staircase and its moss-grown well
corps of Germans marcn upon Paris. wnere this most oelovcd or rer.cn
For, leading his troops through C nam-: pcets was born.
pagne, Charles pressed his invasion to I Walk an hour or so up the road that
within twenty-four leagues of the cap- leads to the northwest and you come
ital, and in that invasion the Germans : to La Ferte-Milon. the home of Racine
a .quat. deep dungeoned chateau. Of j took Chateau Thierry. 'Jean de !a Fontaine and Jean Racine
this chateau only two vine hung gates' A half century later the Spaniards , they are the poets of that region at
and the fragments of a thick set wall I sacked it in the course of the terrible the heart of the country w hich is
are left to tell the story of many a bit-1 wars of religion, when Catholics and i known as He de France, the poets
ter siege. IHugenots fought such b'tter battles fori whose work, in it3 simplicity. Its mod-
Euilt by Charles Martel I the control of France that In the rcurse i cstv. its eternal common sense, gives
The chateau was built in 720 bylcf thirty years one mllllan Frenchmen to the French spirit its finest, its pur-
Charles Martel, the great Hammer of 'perished. Spanish troops entered est expression.
the Franks and grandfather of the i France as allies of the Catholics. La Fontaine at Chateau Thierry
still greater Charlemange the same Those were the days when a Spanish! The French of all ranks and ages.
Charles Martel who saved Europe fori garrison held Fans, nor, for all hisilrve their poet of Chateau Thierry
Christendom when, twelve years later, : sieges, could the Protestant chiaftaln. When, in the early stages of the revc-
he met and vanquished the turbanned ; Henry of Navarre, enter its gates till i lutlon. the infuriated mob in Paris
hosts of the all conquering Saracens he had marched through crowds of joy- j gave themselves over to the Septem
in the battle cf Poiters. Little remains j ous people to the Church of Saint-Den- j ber massacres of bloody memory and
of the castle Itself, but you can still is, and there, in the presence of the ! thousands cf prisoners were butchered
see the base of the tower where one ; prelates, asked to be received "!nt0One woman was spared for no other
of his feeble successors, Charles the the pale of the Catholic Apostle and ; reason than because she was the
Simple, was held a prisoner. i Roman Church." I granddaughter of La Fontaine. French
When, in the early days of June, j Greatest Battle in 1814. children hear his fables in the nursery
191S, men ence more fought hand to It was in 1591 that the Sapniards fell; and know them by hearts their moth-
hand in tee narrow streets of Chateau . upon Chateau Thierry, but its greatest rs and fathers find summed up in
Thierry and the thunder of the guns battle was fought in that desperate
stirred nncient echoes in the crumb- February of 1S14 when England, Prus
ling ruins of the castle, history wasjsiathe German states. Spain Portu
but repeating itself. The river valleys gal. Russia, Sweden and Austria a
converging upon the plain of Paris and j crushing alliance Joined hands
From the .soutp
feel their gentle attractiveness. And
you know, too, that behind their sweet
and compelling smile there is a sturdy
manliness and n brave heart. And of
this rare and splendid type was Sil
verthorn. This simple newspaper
man's depression and discouragement
and 111 feeling fell from hiin like a
mantle every time he met Silverthorn,
and after a word with him and a clasp
of the hand and a good bye, he was
braver and brighter and better for
hours afterwards.
And now his friend has gone. Ah,
there are so few lamps along the way
cf shadows; so few men who are both
eeatle and strong; so few good
friends! The stiver cord Is broken.
Ah, how well those words fit the pass
ing of Silverthorn. His character was
as bright and beautiful as a silver
rase. There was a thorn in his name
but none in his nature. How vain are
mere words. The newspaper man's
heart is tore this day; he grieves for
a friend. Somehow, the principal parts
of the newspaper man's religion are
-imposed of friends. Like his old com
rade. W a t .Mason, back in Kansas, he
would stng:
"I don't care for snowy gowns
Or for harps and golden crowns.
And I fear that endless songs would
be a bore;
I! I'll meet my dear old friends
Where the sky of Aldenn bends
And we'll visit on a star forever-more."
finding thfre a barrier of hills, have . against Napoleon
ever turned that basin into the final and the east they invaded France and
them all their philosophy of life.
It was at Chateau Thierry that La
Fcntaine was Master of the Waters
and the Forests. It was there he made
rriends with the wancering dog. the
toiling ant. the mounting lark all the
"The Wolves and the Ewe." of which
the moral 's the motto of his people la
animals of the countryside who move
battle field of an invasion with the hemmed in on all sides, the little em-in his fables. It was there he wntf
capital as the goal. That Is why around peror was forced for the first t'tne in
Chateau Thierry, reared like a stub- his life to fight on the defensive.
born bastion on the rim of that basin. Fighting with only 20.000 young and i this year of trial:
the soldiers cf many a forgotten cause untried conscripts, he fell upon and "We can conclude from this that one
have fought and died. It has always . smashed at Chateau Thierry an armymust war continually with the wirked.
blocked the path-to Paris. of 50,000 Russians and Prussians. It j Peace is all very well in itself, I sd-
Now held as a watch tower by the was a final flash of the old success, ap.;it, but of what nse Is It with enemies
dukes of France, now as an outpost by i shining victory in the midst of a disas-iwho are faithless?"
:PfetieffeD
BURDENS GREATER
THAN HE CAN BEAR
There is a certain business man in
the Warren district whose wife went
away -to the coast for Her summer va
cation and left him with burdens great
er than he could bear, and so he had
to call for help. And this man is
considered one of the big and success
ful and forceful business men oi this
section, too.
Strange, isn't it, that a man capable
of handling large and varied business
interests and bossing a lot of men and
carrying great responsibility, should
fall down flat on the job of taking
taking care of two pups aud a parrot
for a month and have to call 'or help.
The newspaper man went over to
isit a friend and his wile in Warren
the other evening and found a green
parrot and a black and white pup on
the porch. Expressing surprise fit
these new and strange pets, the lady
of the house explained. "They be
Icnd to our friend and neighbor," she
said. "His wife has gone to the coast
and he came over here the next night
and declared that the parrot and the
pup were causing him more worry and
grief tiian all his business Interests
combined. He looked so gad and
seemed to feel so bad that we took
pity on him and agreed to care for
these pets until his wife returned. He
brightened up right away from a
broken down pessimist to a gay and
cheerful citizen.
"The next morning early he drove
up in front of 'the house with the pup
and the parrot. And when we had
taken them in he sighed so loud and
so long in his relief thut his breath
stirred the leaves on the trees in the
Vista park. And for my part, I can
not imderstand why he should take on
so about these dear little pets. I
cannot seo that they are a bit ot
trouliie."
I!ut the newspaper man can see. He
is himself taking care of a brindle
pup these doys, and It is more trouble
than the newspaper. And as lor a
parrot ! ?? !
AN IRRESISTIBLE
INVASION
The newspaper man's small sou
c am" hi in tri'.'mph the other day.
leadhu a nv. use iii'jied burro behind
him. And he fed that burro and water
ed him and petted him and talked to
him and seemed to be siipteiuely hap
py in his company. Aud the buno,
solemnly and sedately and seriously
eccepted all these attentions lavished
upon him as a matter of course. He
just stood there in the back yard .s
still as though he had been carved out
of mouse colored marble. He was
neither sad nor gay. Just immovable.
Except lor a twitching ear and the
tixed and melancholy gleam of his eye
there was no life about him.
And then the next day came four
other small boys, each mounted on a
festive burro, and grotvped themselves
in the newspaper man's front yard, as
strange a cavalcade as ever graced or
disgraced the court of cottage or castle
in this world below. And the news
paper man's son got his burro and
dragged him around front. And all
the boys talked all the time and scuf
fled and ran about and climbed on and
off the bucks of their strange beasts
and were never still. But the burros
did not taik and did not move. .Mast
vivid was the contrast between these
silent, immutable, immovable beasts
and tneir small but lively masters.
There is something darned strange
about a burro that the newspaper man
docs not pretend to understand. The
other night one of these animals
turned over the garbage can and
pawed the back porch and got so ob
streperous that the newspaper man
went out there and bounced a big rock
off his bsek. And that burro, unlike
any other animal under the sun, did
not move, either in retreat or attack,
under the blow. He just stood there
and looked reproachfully and grateful
ly at his assailant. Warned If this
newspaper man did not feel as though
he had struck a human being, and he
came pretty near begging that burro's
pardon.
But when this strange and silent nnl
nial is moved to expression, he simply'
breaks the entire atmosphere into .
small pieces. His trumpet blast is
rends to heaven and is long sustained. '
Seems as if the roof is coming off
every time a burro brays nearby.
And now there are five of them
hanging around the newspaper man's
house. Five strange, sad, solemn, seri
ous, s'-nctitnonio -s, simple beasts.,
And they are not to be driven away.1
The soil and -heir of the house has so
decreed. And resides no gent can
bear to lub or stone any breathing,
thing with such a sorrowful and liu.nan
look as any one of these crafty and
s'oliil burros can assume at will.
MORE POETS
This ne v-i ;ipcr man is adding to his
L'lrdtf of little ii:l poet-i. Anotiier
dear little lassie came up to his desk
the other day with a smile that light
ed the office like a lamp and. asked
him to look at her poetic contribu
tion to the cause of freedom. She
gave her name as Kathryn Ashby -md
was proud of her fifth grade rating
at the IJncoln school. And the news
paper man is proud of his poet friends
and their little visits to cheer him on
his weary way. Kathryn's heart is
truer than the meter of her verse, but
the sentiment could not be improved
upon by a Longfellow, a Kipling or a
Tennyson. Her verse fellows:
Dear America, we will w in
Because Liberty's soldiers will never
give in.
And Liberty stands with her torch in
her hand
To lighten every sailor that leaves
this land.
And she says these words to our boys
so true.
As they sail in ships on the ocean
blue:
"Make Kaiser Bill unhappy in his sin,
And drive all Germans from their
parks in Berlin."
President Wilson and Secretary
Baker and General March have de
livered many stirring addresses to the
soldiers of this land before they went
down to the sea in shipR, but in none
of these splendid orations has there
been a finer, grander course mapped
D',t for these doughuojs than that
traced by Kathryn Ashby of Bisbee in
her eight line verse.
A FRIEND PASSED THEN
When one of the owners of the Fair
Ftore stopped the newspaper man on
the street Friday and handed him a
fateful yellow slip of paper announc
ing the death of J. L. Silverthorn in
California, it was as though he had
been struck a sharp blow. He did not
even know that Silverthorn had been
ill. And, standing there in the bright
sunshine of the busy street holding the
Western I'nion death message in his
hand, the newspaper man suddenly be
came thoughtful and sud. He is a
ne comer among the old timers of
this district, having been here only a
little more than a year, and has only
a few fiiends and not even as many
acquaintances as he would w ish. And
here was word that one of the best
of his new friends had gone to the
roast on a journey to search health,
and failing to find it there, had gone
on to tte invisible shores of another
roast to find the peace that passes
all understanding. And though this
newspaper mm wait in this ilistrict
until ttie storms wear the mountains
town to a level with the plain, yet
this friend will not come back again to
greet him with that pleasant smile and
fiiinilly glance and happy word as of
yore.
He was a brave, gay piUrim in this
V'lley. whs J. L. Silverthorn. and lie
littl,. knew how much he helped this
'oncly mwspaper man by his kindli-
ness and friendliness.
There n.-e a fev men. scaered here
md thei-M over the vnild. who hive
the gtit of a smile and a giau.e that
wiu hearts to tUui. liut iuctively jou
Poet's Corner
AMERICA THERE!
J. ROYAL, Warren
America never will need a Napoleon,
A Jackson, a Grant nor a Lee.
She has others, and others In plenty
For Hun hunting over the sea.
Washington skeedaddled the Hessions
And Dewey gave Henry a chill.
?ho has more than enough of tha
peppery stuff
To slam-in the slats of the Kid-Killer
Bill.
John Pershing himself Is no busher
And March is a bear at the gun
he has millions of others, all of them
brothers
Horsing to hurdle the honorless nun
Wo hand it to Haig and to Foch
Rome go getters, no error there.
They ever will play, as they always
play,
A game that is good and a game
that is fair.
But list to the swat of America's bat
She tops the league She has taken
the lead.
See "Old Glory" fly to the breezes
high!
Pass Prussia, pass! Bleed Germany,
bleed!
Across t!io Rhine: Right Into Berlin
Straight as a string her millions
shall mam.
Oh! Porhe, Oh! Boche the Dvvfl and
kin
Are arranging for changing their
home sweet home.
A WAR TIME PRAYER
Each red-tipped zephry winging.
Across the eastern sea.
A hallowed tale is bringing
Of tragic things that be;
u-Kac t-amnlo,1 lilies Are ftichinr.
'N'eath ruined cathedrals lying.
And brave men bravely dying.
A writhing world to iree.
To crush the old tradition
Kine-craft alone can rule
To end the superstition.
Mere man must ne a iuoi.
And back o'er the eastern ocean
Great ships are speeding fast.
Proving a land's devotion ,
To dies her moulders cast;
Their bulwarks full are- ringing.
With khaki-clad men singing.
Aloft their loved flag's swinging.
Swinging proudly from the mast
And the starry folds a-swaying
Catch the soft whisper of
Wet winds and wild waves saying
"God speed the flag we love."
And winds and waves are praying
For that which nations pray;
The granting means, the laying
Of mankind's broader way;
The way of the humble and lowly
That climb the long road slowly.
Yet on them there rests wholly
The dawning of the day;
The day wheji the golden sun light
Over th world's wide span.
Shall rise from the ashes of night
On the Brotherhood of Man.
Ym. A. Dell, l.isbee, Ariz.
Resigns, Marries,
Goes On Journey
J. V. Berry for the psst several
years connected with the I'he'ps-Dodge
Ftore. as advertising manager and window-
decorator, resigned his position
last night. That Is not all he did. He
was married to Miss Ivy Raymond
Perry and left on the Golden Statu
limited for Los Angeles. Cal., on a
noneynicon trip.
Mr. Berry has been a resident tf
the district for about eleven years and
Is one of the well known business men
of the community. He has made a rec
ord in the position that he held witii
the P. D. store and has received num
erous certificates on his display ad
lertislns and window decorations from,
the trade journals, etc. It is his in
tention to take a rest in southern Cali
fornia for a short while. He may be
tailed to enter the service of his coun
try shortly.
Miss Perry is one of the efficient
trainers of the local schools and hi.
been a resilient here for some time
nn:l has been making her home on,
Quality hill.
The couple carry wiih them the best
wishes of their many friends in Iho
Warren dis'ric. (o ra most happy and
prospero- s wedded life.
The ?i'!erd psoi i it ion ha pl.u'ed
ioang with the tanners of the GiU
valley to the amount of $10.000. THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JULY 21, 1918.
FIVE
niormat
ion mu
ARIZONA WORKMEN'S COMPENSATION LAW
FOLSOM MOORE, President J. E. CURRY, Secretary
DIRECTORS
Tucson, Ariz. V. P. MAHONEY, Oatman. Ariz.
State Sonator. Mohave County
R. A. MCKERSO.V, Williams.
Ariz., Mgr. Saginaw-Manistee
Lumber Co.
JOHN L. DQNNKLLY, Phoenix.
Ariz., Ex-rresident Arizona
State Federation of Labor
FOLSOM MOORE,
Organizer A. F. of L., District
of Tucson
ANDREW KIMBALL, Thatcher,
Ariz., Ass't Sec'y Farmers' Na
tional Congress. U. S. A.
J. K. CURRY, Ilisbee, Ariz.
Sec'y Arizona Chapter American
Mining Congress
G. M. COLVOCORESSES, Humboldt, Arizona. Gen'l Manager Consoli
dated Arizona Smelting Co. i i.,
OPPOSING ARGUMENT TO PROPOSED AMEND
MENT TO THE CONSTITUTION OF THE STATE
OF ARIZONA TO BE KNOWN AS THE WORK
MEN'S COMPENSATION LAW, BY THE BISBEE
CENTRAL LABOR UNION AND NOTES THEREON
BY THE INFORMATION BUREAU THE ARIZONA
WORKMEN'S COMPENSATION LAW
Argument Under the present law, an injured work
man has recourse to three remedies the common law,
the employer's liability law, or the workmens compen
sation law and he may elect his remedies after injury.
The present workmens compensation law and the em
ployer's liability law, while not perfect, are substantial
bulwarks for the protection of workmen injured in in
dustries and have a salutary effect in making the em
ployer (particularly in the mines) careful in the safety
of his employes.
Note by the Bureau Such right of action exists in not more than
one case out of six and this startling limitation evidences the fact that
any compensation law is better than the best conditions obtaining
under the liability system.
Argument This proposed law being initiated pro
poses to abrogate the present employer's liability and
workmens' compensation law and seeks to set up in
their place vicious provisions born and bred in the minds
of the profiteering copper magnates of Arizona. Among
these vicious provisions are:
It establishes the doctrine that the employers are
capable of exercising their own judgment, but the work
ers are presumed not to be capable of proper judgment,
and are herded like sheep under the provisions of this
proposed measure. I
Note by the Bureau The proposed law will, if it passes, abrogate
the present employer's liability law and the present inoperative work
men's compensation law. The present employer's liability law was
not written and never intended to be for the good of an injured work
man. It is the ambulance chaser's bread and butter.
The proposed law is elective to both employer and employe and
will give to the injured workman compensation in excess, of any state
in the Union without aid of a lawyer. The ambulance chaser who
would demand a third or a half or any part of that which an injured
person would receive under the pretext of securing a larger verdict
under a liability lav, written expressly for the human parasite, is put
out of business and perforce would starve.
Argument Any employer who elects to pay com
pensation as provided in this measure is entitled to all
of the old common law defenses, fellow servant doctrine,
assumed risks, etc., if the injured employe refuses to'
accept the meager compensation fixed by this law.
Note by the Bureau The law clearly states that any employer
WHO' DOES NOT-elect to come under the law shall not, in any suit
brought by any employe to' recover damages for personal injury or
death by accident BE PERMITTED TO DEFEND ANY SUIT AT LAW
upon the grounds that the employe was negligent or that the injury
was caused by the negligence of a fellow employe, or that the em
ploye had assumed the risk. If, then, the employer DOES ELECT to
pay compensation "as provided in the measure," the injured person
receives his compensation without further ado in the matter.
Argument It is not necessary for the employer to
pay the required premium into the state fund; he may
stand outside and receive the benefits.
Note by the Bureau The above paragraph may not have been
intended to read as it does. As it stands a most ignorant misinter
pretation is apparent. Under no circumstances can the employer or
employe have advantages of the proposed law without coming under
it. The law was drawn for both.
Argument Dependency must be shown to entitle
a beneficiary to compensation.
Note by the Bureau Beneficiaries and dependents who have a
right to receive compensation are defined in the language of the pro
posed law as follows: "Beneficiary means and shall include a sur
viving wife or husband until remarriage and a surviving child or chil
dren under the age of 21 years, and any invalid child or children over
the age of 21 years." "Major dependent means if there be no bene
ficiaries as defined above then the father or mother." "Minor de
pendent means if there be no father or mother then the brothers and
sisters under the age of 21 years."
Argument The terms of this law would make it im
possible to collect compensation for the death of a wom
an employe whose husband is serving in the army in
France. y
Note by the Bureau Children of the wife under such circum
stances would receive the full compensation. If no children then any
major or minor dependents would receive compensation for his death.
Argument A beneficiary 20 years of age collecting
compensation for the death of father or mother, killed
in industry, would be deprived of compensation after
reaching the age of 21.
Note by the Bureau No other compensation law in the United
States or elsewhere is so liberal in this respect. Most compensation
laws limit the age to 18; some to 16.
Argument The effect of the operation of this law
particularly in the Arizona mining industry would create
a condition by which the employers would refuse em
ployment to workmen with families or dependents, and
preference of employment would be given to the migra
tory worker, the I. W. V., the alien, and thebum, while
the American workmen with families would be refused
employment.
Note by the Bureau The natural result of guaranteed high com
pensation for injuries is the same as that of guaranteed high wagr 5
the attraction and retention cf the highest class of labor, a result that
has attended operation of every compensation law of the kind pro
posed for Arizona.
Argumenf Section I 5 (d) When read in conjunc
tion with (i) will disclose the fact that no adequate com
pensation is provided for such injuries as facial disfig
urement, the loss of an ear, or nose, the breaking of a
leg or arm, injury to the spine, kidneys or such other
organs. Injury resulting in sexual sterility would not
be compensated for in any manner.
Note by the Bureau All of these things are plainly provided for.
Section 15 (i) specifically provides for "facial OR OTHER permanent
disfigurements" with payment under present rate of wages to a miner
of as much as $2,370 and without conflict with payment for other
manner of injury he may receive at the same time. Breaking of leg
or arm, spinal, kidney or other organic injury ar provided for at two
thirds of full wages during time incapacitated. Emphasis is given
advantages of the amendment over present laws in these respects by
the fact that whereas present laws require two weeks detention from
work before the injured employe is entitled to compensation, the
proposed law fixes the time at one week. Under one week laws it has
been found that 66 2-3 more persons received payments for injury
than under the two weeks law.
Argument The cost of maintaining hospitals in the
mining camps would be charged against the state fund
without the workers having a voice in their management.
Ncte by the Bureau The Amendment says under section 14:
"Nothing in this article shall be construed as preventing employers
and workmen from entering into agreements providing for hospital
accommodations and medical attention." This provision was made
so as not to disturb or interfere in any way with existing arrange
ments. The law makes nrf mention of maintaining hospitals at the
expense of the state fund nor was it intended to establish or control
the administration of hospitals.
Argument The attempt at this time by profit seek
ing corporations to lower industrial standards and pro
tection of the workers, when so many of our Arizona
workmen are in the shipyards, the camps and the
trenches, plainly comes within the purview of those
iniquitous practices of certain profit making interests
that the national government has been compelled to con
demn. Organized labor in Arizona has not approved
this measure and was not considered in the drafting of
this damnable law.
Note by the Bureau Organized labor in Arizona has not been
given opportunity to approve or disapprove of the measure and can
not have such opportunity until the November election.
Argument The worker will gain nothing from the
repeal of existing laws and substitution of the proposed
"workmens compensation law.
Note by the Bureau He gains death settlement Vp to $8,000 as
compared with $4,000 under present laws; in all cases of injury two
thirds wages as compared with half; two thirds wages paid during life
in case of permanent disability as compared with possible maximum
of $4,000 under present law.
Argument On the other hand the adoption of this
law would mean the destruction of industrial and legal
standards that would require generations to rebuild for
the protection of the workmen engaged in hazardous
occupations. The rancher, the farmer and other em
ployers in agricultural pursuits should not be deceived
by this measure for it gives him no advantage that he
does not now have under existing laws.
The copper companies are seeking to gain something
under the present stress of times by their influence and
money that is unjust to the worker and dangerous to
industrial efficiency.
' Note by the Bureau The Amendment takes away nothing that
It does not replace with something equally good or better. It is con
structive in every Instance and destructive in none. It gives "the
rancher, the farmer and other employers in agricultural pursuits" and
also their EMPLOYES the advantage of Insurance, if both want it,
just as it is given in all other industries in the state, at from one-fourth
to one-eighth the charge made to employers by insurance companies,
and AT NO COST at all to the employe. It is in line with similar
laws of other progressive states.
NOTE The foregoing arguments printed in the larger type have
been issued under the name of the Bisbee Central Labor Union and
purport to have the authorization of the latter in opposition to the
amendment to provide compensation for injured workmen which will
be accepted or rejected by the voters in November.
LIEUT. HECKHAN
IS CITED FOR
GMT DEED
Brother-in-Law of Charles F.
Willis Took Ninety German
Prisoners With the Aid of
Two Privates
Friends of Clmrles F. Willis, former
director of the state bureau of mines
at Tucsou, but now with the fhelps-
Dodge company here as supervisor of
the department of industrial relations,
undoubtedly will be interested to knjw
that Lieut. Harrison Heckman, brother
of Mrs. Willis, has been signally hon
ored by Gen. J. J. Persuing in a citation.
The following, taken from a Brad
ford. Mass, newspaper tells the story
of Heckman's citation:
'T.ecause he participated in one of
the most remarkable exploits of the
war, Lieut. J. Harrison Heckman, son
of Mr. and Mrs. Jak A. Heckman. of
Hyatt avenue, Bradford district, has
been cited by General Pershing in an
official communication to the War De
partment, dated July 2. The olficial
dispatch from France gives meagre
details or the magnificent adventure
in which Lieutenant Heckman partici
pated and says that with the aid cf
two enlisted men he captured a Ger
man officer and ninety men. The dis
patch also says that he led his platoon
Into action against a machine gun
nest and brought back every German
he was able to count.
"The citation comes as a second
honor, for several months ago he was
commissioned as he completed a
course in an officers school in France
in a very short period of time. He en
tered the army last year as an enlisted
man and his raoid promotion is proof
of his ability."
ALLIES BELEAGUER
SOISSONS WHILE
HUNS RETREAT
(Continued from Page One)
- This Bureau will be glad at all times to supply interpretations or
reliable information relative to the proposed Amendment to the Con
situation to be known as the Arizona Workmen's Compensation Law
and will welcome any inquiry. j
Address communications to the Arizona Workmen's Compensation
Bureau, Box 1172, Bisbee, Arizona, or to Box 723, Tucson, Arizona.
MANY PRISONERS
I FALL INTO HANDS
! OF ALLIED ARMY
(Continued from Pae One)
gaged n the severest battles against
enemy forces. Franco-British bomb
ing squadrons, taking the Marne cross
ings as their principal objectives have
ceaselessly hampered and at certain
points completely stopped the enemy
auply service thus playing an Import
ant role in the conflict which was
about to provoke the retreat of the)
German troops. -
".Attacking with machine guns and
bombs concentrations of troops which
the enemy was preparing for counter
attacks, and his enemy columns of
convoys, our aviators inflicted heavy
losses.
"Between the Marne and Rheims
violent combats continue. Franco-British
troops attacking vigorously, en
countered large forces. Notwithstand
ing the enemy's desperate resistance
wP gained ground in Courton wood, the
Ardre valley, and in the direction of
St. Euhreise.
"On the Marne and also at Oulchy
Le Chateau, Fere-Fn-Tardenoib, Fis
nies and Bazoches and over the whole
roar of the battle field twenty tons
of projec tiles were dropped during the
day and twenty-eight tons at night on
enemy assemblages of troops and com
munications. "A violent conflagration broke out
at Vouzieres. and several fires were
started at Fere-Kn-Tardenols. and the
station at Fismes. South of this re
gion explosions were observed at the
station at Laon.
"At the same time our infantry air
lanes indicated an advance of our
troops and tanks between the Alsne
and the Marne and reported the arrival
of, enemy reserves, and by machine
gultining the later directly participat
ing. In the battle.
"Numerous combats were engaged
In by our crews in combination wtm
the British airmen and achieved good
results.
"Twenty-six German airplanes were
brought down or disabled and four cap
tive balloons were set atire. Kvery
where the German aviation service
was able to appreciate the d;.-h ami
superiority of the allied airmen."
under heavy pressure, have been
forced to withdraw from Rosslgnol
wood, between Hcbutern and Bucquoy
and this strategically important posi
lion is in the hands of the British.
This announcement was made tonight
in the official statement from the v.ar
office.
The 'text of the communication
says:
"During the day our minor opera
tions in the Hebuterne sector bav
been continued with success. Under
the pressure of our troops th! enemy
has been compelled to withdraw from
Itossingnol wood between Hebuterne
and Bucquoy and this important local
feature is now in our possession The
enemy was followed up clo-eiy by ur
troops and suffered a number of casu
alties. "Our total capture in yesterday's
operations at Meteren amounted to
453 prisoners, ten tr?uch mortars and
fifty machine guns."
retirement at least as far as the Vesle
river.
Statements made by General March,
American chief of staff, before the
members of the senate military com
mittee indicate that there are upward?
of 270,000 Americans engaged in the
fighting south of Soissons.
There are six divisions of Americans
there the First. Second. Third and
I r OUl lu reguiuin aim 111c nvm.-
j (New England), and the Twenty-
eighth (Pennsylvania) national guuru.
Geueral March told newspaper men
that the maximum penetration along
the line was ten miles, while the aver
age depth of the advance was seven
miles. This is further than any ad
vance shown in French official re
ports, and it is possible that Ger.erai
March's statement are based on infor
mation not as yet made public in
Paris.
General March may have hir.ted at
an English drive against the Germans
during his talk with the newspaper
men. He said that the British prefor
to "wait until the present German of
fensive is demonstrated a failure and
then turn upon the enemy."
Italian troops in the Adumello re
gion, to the north of Lake Garda, 0:1
the Austro-ltalian front have broken
out in a local action and taken two
strong points in the mountain region.
This gain was made just south of
where the Italians attacked late in
May and broke the Austrian line.
THIS WOMAN SAYS
SHE HAD SUFFERED
SINCE SHE WAS GIRL
Finds Relief After 30 Years; i
"I'll Always Praise
Tanlac" She Says
"It certainly seems wonderful, aft
er trying almost every conceivable
medicine for the past thirty years, that
a few bott'es of Tanlac should giv'?
me that long hoped for relief, but it
has and I'll praise it as long as I live."
This interesting and remarkable state
ment was made by Mrs. Hester E. Nap
per, in an interview at her residence,
J02i South Second West street. Salt
Lake City, Utah, recently. Mrs. Nao
per, who is the wife of a valued em
ploye of the National Biscuit com
pany, has lived in Salt Lake City for
nearly forty years and her- many
friends will be glad to learn of ncr
recovery.
"Ever since I was a girl of sixtee-i."
Mrs. Napper continued. "I have suffer
ed from stomach trouble in ihe form of
gastritis and other complications,
which as I grew older kept getting
worse. Soon after meals my stom
ach would fill with gas and bloat me
up, causing almost unbearable pain,
and a pressure around my heart that
almost cut off my breath. I couldn-".
eat an apple or an orange without It
making me almost deathly sick, and
milk was just poison to me. I hod
no appetite at all. could eat no meats
of any kind, and for years I simply
suffered agony. At times I was almost
prostrated with headache, and my
nerves were all shattered. I ws so
nervous and miserable I could set no
rest day or night, and felt tired and
wcrn out all the time. Last, fall iuy
condition became so serious that ir.j
family was alarmed about me. 1 had
given up nearly all hopes of ever get
ting relief, and was really airaiu 1
would soon die unless I could get
something to help me.
"About the tirst of January. I read
the testimonial of a party I know, and
who had gotten such wonderful results
from Tanlac that I decided to try it
myself. Well, if Tanlac had failed me
I don't know what I would have done,
as I think I had tried everything else.
I'm thankful to say. On the other hand
I feel Just like a new person since
taking it. I didn't feel much benefit
from my first bottle, but by the time
my second bottle was gone I felt a gen
eral improvement. My appetite piekea
up and since that time' 1 have had no
more pain or smothering spells. I
have taken three bottles now and can
sleep all night long, and. that tired
wornout feeling has left me. I am not
Die least bit nervous any more, and
my stomach is in such tine condition
that I can eat meats and auything else
I want without the slightest discom
fort fiimi it. I find real pleasure now
in living, as I'm able to work, and
since Tanlac has done so much tor me
I feel like I ought to do what I can to
let others know about it."
Tanlac is sold in Bisbee by J. M.
Ball, in Douglas by Douglas Drug Co.,
in Paradise by G. A. Walker, in Bowie
by Bowie Drug Store, in San Simon by
J. B. Cooke, in Willcox by A. A. Nichol
son, in Lowell by Lowell Drug Co., in
Benson l y C. F. Moss Pharmacy, and
iu Gleeson by B. A. Taylor. Adv.
HEAR
DEAN
KELLY
ran S-fCP
JySulLluil
Of Howard University,
Washington, D. C
ORATOR AUTHOR
Greatest Living Negro
Educator
High Sclioo
Auditorium
BISBEE
8 O'clock Monday Night
o n
SUBJECT:
"Race Loyalty
and National
Patriotism"
Under Auspices of Bisbee
Friend-in-Need Society '
TICKETS 50c
to defray cost of speaker
HUNS RELIQUISH WOOD
LONDON, July -0. The Germain
. USUAL GERMAN LIES
BERLIN, via London, July 20.
While admitting certain gains by the
British and also the French, the latter
in the Aisne-Marne battle, German
headquarters today declares thi'.t the
enemy thrusts southwest of Soi.ssons,
in the center of the line and north
west of Chateau Thierry were rs
pulsed. The German war office adds that
the German troops were withdrawn
from the south bank of the Marne riv
er "without being noticed by the en
emy." The statement reads:
"The activity of the British in
creased In Isolated sectors toward Me
teren. They obtained a footing" in
Meteren, but otherwise their repulse
left prisoners in our hands.
Between the Aisne and the Marne
the battle continues. Again the enemy
started an attack with a view to a
In each of the whole front. Tanks
penetrated early in the morning into
parts of our foremost lines. APer h
desperate struggle the fiist nemy
thrust had been defeated towards noon
on the heights southwest f Soi.i.-srns.
west (if Hartennesst. Neuilly and
northwest of Chateau Thierry.
Between the Alr-ne and the Ourci
an attack broke down under our coun
ter thrusts, and to tht south of the
uum'ij mostly by our tir Noith oi
Haitennes we threw back the ;-eaiy
beyond the original line our trumps
teport the heaviest enemy losses. A
EVIDENTLY ONLY PRACTICING
AMSTERDAM, July 2o A semi-official
statement received here from
Berlin says the German supreme arm
command had several aims in its at
tack on the southern bank of the
Marne, the crossing of which river it
asserts, was unobserved by tiie cs
tejite allies. The statement goes so far
as to claim that the Geiman objectives
have been fully attained.
The first aims of the Marne cross
ing, the semi-official statement says,
were to broaden the basis of attack
for a German blow on both sides of
Itheims and to attack and to hold
strong enemy forces. Furthermore,
the attack on the southern bank c,"
the Marne w hich was so menacing for
the entente, the statement adds, final
ly unloosed the long expected French
counter offensive. It miscarried be
cause a break through has been pre
vented. "The task of the German troop
fighting on the southern hank of th-e
Marne was thereby entirely fulfilled
and the further hoidlng of the lines
there was unnecessary. The German
ccmm.md could now withdraw the
troops to tho northern bank for fresh
important tasks," tho message adds.
large number of tanks were demolish
ed before our front.
"South of the Marne there was mod
erate filing activity during the day.
Southeast of Mareuil enemy partful at
tacks were repulsed. ,
"During the night our troops koikIi
cf the Marne were withdrawn to the
north bank of the river without being
noticed by the enemy.
"Northwest of Souain French ad
vances were sanguinarily re pulsed.
"Yesterday again thirty enemy air
planes and seven captive balloons
were thot down."
TWO ARE DROWNED
WASHINGTON. July 2o. T h e
drowning of Robert G. Mitchell, a
chief yeoman of the naval reserve or
Fairfax, Cal.. and Francis Jospeh
Driscott. seaman, of Revere. Mass.,
was announced today by the avy department.
BRITISH. AERIAL ,
LONDON. July 20 The official
statement dealing with the aerial oper
ations issued tonight says:
"On tiie l.Sth instant ekht ho-.ti'e
machines were brought down in fights
and one other was shot down by our
anti-aircraft fire. Seven of our ma
chines are missing."
FOR SALE At a bargain
an absolutely new set of
twenty-four books of the!
new International Encyclo-1
pedia, value $108.00, for
$85.00. I. B., REVIEW.
COLLINS &
BRETHERTON
We Specialize In
JEROME
AND
OATMAN
STOCKS
Jack Bldj., Main Street
Phone 26 Box 1129
Richard Glaze, Oph. D.N.D.
Practice Limited to Eye and Nerva
Disorders.
Phone 155. Office and residence
first house west of Masonic Temple,
Main- Street, Bisbee, Arizona.
Glasses fitted by the latest methods.
Here it Is
a
The Drink Supreme
0
I YANKS RAID TRENCH
I WITH THE A.MF.KICAN ARMY IN
I ALSACE. July 20 I By The Associated
Pres. i. A raid undertaken by the
Americans lliojt ni.fit southwest of
Mun.-ler resulted in a penetration of
the German lines for a distance of
from r.ii'i to li'H) miters and the cap
ture of five prisoners. m
Til mid "as pteieded l (!! M
artillery pr'para'ion "liich lasted 4."
minutes The enemy suffered heavy
casualties.
BRAVO, a pure, cereal, non-inlo'cnting beverage fills
the need for a non-intoxicating drink. It quenches thirst,
relieves fatigue and puts vim into work, and pleasure.
BRAVO is a drink fof everybody.
In Bottles and on Draught
BUXTON-SMITH COMPANY
Local Distributors THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JULY 21, 1918.
SIX
AMERICAN WILL j
CLOSE ITS GATES !
THIS AFTERNOON!
- i
Ban Johnson Says There Will j
Be No Appeal From Work !
or Fight Order of Secretary!
- owa at I
of War L.ydl
from the sudden interruption of the
nation's national pastime. National
league club owners, a few of which are
reported as favoring efforts to weath
er the Etorm, wiii meet in New York
Wednesday.
Regrets were openly expressed at
what was taken as an implied imputa
tion of "slackerism" in the issuance of
such a drastic order without any prev
ious intimation of the government's
wishes. It was pointed out that twice
last season the American league offer
ed to close its parks if such action
would help in winning the war but
that the idea was discouraged.
Baseball Scores
the visitors by the score of nine to
nothing, when the crowd surged on the
field and ?tcod along the foul lines in
the second half of the ninth inning.
There were no police on the rounds.
Cleveland was leading, nine to one,
when Umpire Nalliu took action.
First game R- H. K.
Cleveland 1 001 0204 10 0
Philadelphia ...310 010 r.ux lo 1:! i
liagby, Uioom and Thomas; Walton.
Perry and MeAvoy.
'Second gi.me R.Il. K.
Cleveland M0 000 Id 9 'J 3
Philadelphia 010 OUO OOx 1 4 3
Knzmann and Thomas; Adams, Pier-
son and Perkins. (Game lorfHted to
Cleveland 9 to 0 in ninth).
DON'T FCISGN YOUR
STORAGE BATTERIES
Batteries, like human heingp, are
susceptible fi i-oiso"," t nys Mr. Wri;;iit
a- local Wili 'id i-xpert. "When it
mines to iiiiiz me-liciue to a buttery,
!h, only safe ru e is tr let an expert
write t'"e prfvr -1 i i . t ion and administer
the d,se ot'.'erwise, the c ar ow;t r is
lik'-ly to find out tint hi; h:Uery has
:ec-i Url"'! instead of f'lird."
"Tlir;e if; :
Ciin:; i naitieul.ir
(Bv Revir-w Leased Wire)
CHICAGO, July 20. Auierica.i
league baseball parks will close their
gates for the duration of the war after
tomorrow's games unless unexpectei
developments occur, it was announced
tonight by Byron Bancroft Johnson,
president of the organization tonight.
No appeal from Secretary Baker's
interpretation of the "work or fight"
ruling as applied to baseball players
will be made and no effort is planned
to finish the season with teams re
cruited from veterans above the draft
age and amateurs below the draft ago.
Such an attempt, baseball officials say
not only would be an fcnpositiou on
the fans but would also be more or
less of a subterfuge in the view of the
administration's edict.
American league club owners will
meet in Cleveland Sloncay at the call
of President Johnson to wind up the
season's business and discuss the fin
ancial tangles which will result from
NATIONAL LEAGUE
Chicago
New York
Pittsburg
Philadelphia ..
Boston
Cincinnati
St. Louis
Brooklyn
W.
..65
L.
:i2
..50 32
.ret,
'.CGlt
.610
..43 39 .524
..39 4
.481
.4"9
.425
.35 49 .417
.33 47 .413
.36 46
.34 46
BOSTON BEATS DETROIT
BOSTON, July 20 Boston made it
two straight from Detroit b7 winning.
It was Jones' tenth victory of the sea
son as against three losses.
Detroit 001 000 0001 7 2
Boston 001 030 Olx 5 7 0
Dauss and Spencer; S. Jones and
Mayer.
UMP. TAKES ACTION
PHILADELPHIA, July 20. Philadel
phia defeated Cleveland In th first
game of today's double-header while
the second contest was awarded to
Save Ten Per Cent
On Your
Gates Half-Sole Tire
By Purchasing Now
Before the Prices Are Increased
.We have just received a fresh shipment of
Gates Half Sole Tires which we will'sell at the
old price. Besides saving 1 0 per cent on the
purchase price, you will obtain thousands of
additional miles for local motorists by the
score are rolling up mileage records every day.
Gates Half Sole Tire and Tubes make a com- ;
bination hard to beat. Call at our garage and '
give us the pleasure of explaining the Gate3
Half Sole Tire the economical tire, to you.
Lowell Motor Co.
LOWELL
J. O. Main, Prop.
ARIZONA
O Vv)
.ii. . .T.JA...,'r-. j;-! t y ' n
Cspyricht registered. 1819
When Was Your. Battery Tested ?
How long has it been since you had a line
on the inside condition of your battery ?
; A month ? Six weeks ?
i If it's any more, you're taking chances.
Don't you want to know it if you're starv
ing your battery or mistreating it ?
There's only one way to tell by test. You
can make it yourself or we'll do it free.
Well be glad to show you the "How" of
this sample test, and to. tell you about
Threaded Rubber Insulation the most im
portant battery improvement in years.
LOHMAN & WRIGHT
Central Theatre Building - - Lowell
WASHINGTON WINS GAME
WASIIIMUTfJN. July L'O. Hard and
opportune hitting lit the expense of
both Kche.llenhatk and Danforth enab
led Washington to win its second
straight frame from Chicago.
Innings R. II. K.
Cbicapo 100 (W0 0001 8 0
Washington ' 004 (mhi l!0x fi 10 -
Sc helienback. ranfort!i and S'halk;
Johnson and Ainsmith.
SPLIT DOUBLE HEADER
NEW YORK, July 20. New York
broke even with St. Loui'i in a do'lie
header. The visitors won the first
game, five to two, and the Yankees
evened up in the second. Sothoron
held New York to five hits in the first
game and drove in four runs.
First gamo It- H- E-
St. Louis 000 212 0005 10 3
New York 000 002 0002 5 1
Sothoron and Umiamaker; Love,
Robinson and Walters.
Second game R. H. E.
St. Louis 100 000 0023 11 1
New York 000 131 OOx 5 7 0
Bennett, Houck and Nunamaker;
Mogridge and Hannah.
AMERICAN LEAGUE
w.
Boston 53
Cleveland 49
New York 43
Washington '..45
Chicago 39
St. Louis 40
Detroit 36
Philadelphia 36
L.
34
42
40
41
43
45
48
48
Pet.
.r.o9
.558
.523
.476
.429
.429
DODGERS BEAT CUBS
I CHICAGO, July 20. Hendrlx weak
ened in the last three innings and
Brooklyn bunched its hits and won
easily.
Innings R. H. E.
Brooklyn ...... .000 001 122 6 8 2
Chicago 000 301 0004 6 2
Marquard. Cheey and M. Wheat;
Hendrix and O'Farrell.
BRAVES BEAT REDS
CINCINNATI. O.. July 20 Boston
overcame Cincinnati' early lead and
won easily. In the fifth inning Schnei
der was knocked o-t of the box and
Hains, a recruit from the Western
league, pitched.
Innings R- H. E.
Boston 044 030 1008 10 0
Cincinnati 300 000 0003 .9 3
Nehf and Wilson; Schneider, Haines
and Allen, Cueto.
hat is ii:sf :l;o' t as bad as any poi
:n you c'.ti?il ;.inr 1) lUerii's. That
Is :n -Id. Of coi.rse t h e is acid hi
he batlerv p ilul i:m. anil a eooil manv
ar owper.i v.i! r'::son. "If acid is'
nhr-t !":il;ts my batteries rt-on'?, then
ir '.rt jx r thine to no -.v!iep ' think it
shows a weaV,ne.is is to ruM a little
n - n id. 'i it o' ';!it to work
bef'er.
T 'at''! : If i. -l io- wrons. Yon miht
is well :-.nv that iKC-Mtse of a few
irc ol some r.ourfii' ilni :ire snn:
r y i firt tre:h!e, n whole b tttle wn:ild
give the patient a better heart thin
.myt'Ody in tite co'intry. Not even the
wcrs' pafrnt med'clne field would he
froli 1 enourh to believe thit.
"FV.it thp."1 ;i-o a lot of people who
believe in drvgine a battery in just
this wiy, so th"v put in about a half
pint o jicid. when the battery only
nels pure water.
"The only -wry to be nfe about aiT-din-'
P'id is o fiL-ht shy or it. If
yen think your M'tens need acid, ei
to the S'TVi'e pt'tion pud uet advice
from an ej.prrt who can tell you ittst
what to dr. Remember thnt he has
the same relation to the health of
your bnt'cy as a doctor has to your
own health. wi!h this excer.tion that
tie l.a'terv man doesn't charge any.
thin for the diagnosis.
NEW EQUIPMENT FOR
VULCANIZING SHOP
j led the s in e a- the ,i shops in larger
i !'i"..
Ttie tt v: pinhines will handle any
i size or make i f tire and as Ions as
I the rubric Mf tiie c. iiv is in good
shape, a new retread as good as new
i nav be built on.
Mr. Or -lib also announced that ma
chinery had arrived for the equipping
i.f a complete repair shop lor rubber
; boots. New soles will be placed over
the old. parlies can be vuiianized so
! ti at at:y rubber b )t will be in first
cla.'s condition.
In jii'dition to iloitig a big vuhan-
iii.'g j I'd retreading b isiin -s. the
Vvtst'in Vul'-anizing Siiop also dis
tiib'.iteii the. faiiious Republic tire.
toundin plays ever conceived, con
taining some of the greatest spectacle
scenes ever pvt in pictures.
Tills will probably be the last op
portunity for people of the district to
see this stupendous production and
i when you remember the admission
charged when the picture shown in
Ilisbee some time ago of $1 top, you
should not fail to avail yourself of the
chance to see it now.
FINE ARTCRAFT PICTURE
"THE BLUE BIRD," TDOAY AT
THE EAGLE THEATER
GATES TIRES POPULAR
J. (,. M;iin, proprb tor cf the Lowell j
Motor company, is busy selling dates.
Mail' .Sole tires, for !" is sti'l dispos-
II. Ol lll'TVT win-,..,. It, .t ..t
,:d price, v. Iiich is 10 per cent lower
than price.- effective in oih r cities.
The attraction at the Eagle theater
tomcrrow will be an Artcraft super-I-iiture,
ailat.ttd by Charles Maigne,
from 'Tli! l'-Hie Bird,? by Maurice
Maeterlinck. The filming of this bis
spectacle is said to have been a stu
pendous undertaking, requiring many
months of time, and the use of every
pho'otrrapblc tri'k ever conceived, as
well the origination of many new ones.
When the famous Belgian author
to hi mnaterniece he little thought
(that it would be Immortalized in mo
'ticn pictures bv an American organiza
! tion. And while the spirit of the poet
nmbled in idyllic fields, the glorified
pictures that were conceived in his
! pregnant mind were recorded with his
' o., ,i tho world hail to be content
ed with the imaginary visions con
jured by the cold type.
Artcraft has visualized these poetical
visions, and under the masterful direc
tion of the great French artist end
producer, Maurice Tourner, the alle
gorical and symbolical epic is present
ed pictorlaliy.
ROBERTS HAS ENLISTED
(By Review Leased Wire)
SAN FRANCISCO. July 20 Roland
Roberts, Pacific Coast champion tennis
player, enlisted today in the aviation
sfption nf the Ri?nal corns of the
' United States army as a mechanic.
in xr ft n t ft t vr i r rrn ; s
WEEK IS REPORTED
W. C. C.ruhl), ff the Western Y'ulean
izing .hop in Johnson addition. tin
ncunccd yesterday that J. A. Hobbs
bad pur.-h.'.sed the interests of T. A.
Tate in the business and that the big.
repair shop has been completely over
hauled and new equipment installed.
Several of the celebrated Dry Kurve
Vulcanizers h?ie been purchased and
all kinds of vulcanizing, retreading and
the treatment of sections can be hand-
Tiie following are the analyser? :l
n. ilk for the week ending July 20, is
sued by Dr. K. H. l)ur'"e, city and
county bacteriologist:
tf.ii! Jose ::.4 SS.34
Staiiih.rd 3. fc7.72
.iisbee -
Creamrey 3.1 87.83
F. Cm rrero 4 9 15.89
W. S. Hayes 4 7 KC.l-t
J. Conley (a) 3.9 80. Si
J. Coniey (b) 3.4 SK 17
A.M.Collins 4.1 8G.78
Husson Dairy 4 2 87.3S
Tha reiiuiroments of the law are the
milk should not be less than 3 25 per
cent fat and not more than 88 ner cent '
water-- The analvsis of the Hisbee-1
Naco water shows it to be very good. J
"CIVILIZATION" AT CENTRAL '
TODAY !
The big Thos. H. Ince photoplay,;
Ci'.ilization, after playing two days at;
the Eagle theater to big business, goes ;
to Central theater at Lowell where it
will be shown today and tomorrow, i
the performance today will be eon-j
tinuous from 1 to 11.
This play is one of the greatest sue-1
cesses of that famous director and
producer, Thos. II. Ince and is said to I
bo one of the most daring and as-'
IS 5 S3 3
TEAMS BREAK EVEN
P1TSBURGH, July 20 Pittsburgh
and Philadelphia broke even in today's
double header, the home team winning
the first game and losing the second.
Mayer shut out his old team mates in
the" first.
First game R. H. E.
Philadelphia 000 000 0000 5 1
Pittsburgh 000 000 0011 4 0
Hogg and Adams, Burns; Mayor and
Schmidt.
Second game R. H. E.
Philadelphia ..100 002 0003 7 1
Pittsburgh 000 100 0012 6 0
Pendergast and Burns; Cooper, San
ders and Blackwell, Schmidt.
WARREN PARK
6:00 P. M.
TODAY
C. & A. vs. Junction - Briggs
Admission 35 Cents
Including War Taxr.
A SERIES OF
LITTLE TALKS ABOUT
YOUR
ISN'T it remarkable that Fords every
where have such excellent resale
values? The depreciation is small in
comparison with other and higher priced
cars. ;
And if Fords were given MORE CARE
the depreciation would be a lot less.
There isn's any good reason why any
Ford should look all battered up after a
year or so of service.
It's simply a matter of a little attention.
When a Ford owner makes it a point to
make the minor repairs just as. soon as
they are required and to keep his car trim
and neat and clean and tight he can al
ways find a ready market for his Ford at
a good price. j
Carelessness costs money care earns
it
Hood & Bledsoe
Phone 686
Bisbee
From a Copyrighted Series All Rights Reserved.
NEW YORK WINS
ST. LOUIS, July 20. New Yorlc ov
ercame a three run lead when May
weakened in the eighth -and in the
tenth the visitors batted out a victory.
R. H. E.
New York 000 000 030 36 8 2
St. Louis . . 000 001 200 14 7 . 2
Perritt, Smith. Steel and McCarty;
May, Doak and Gonzales.
COAST LEAGUE.
At Los Angeles 2 9 .1
Vernon 1 9 0
Pertica and Lapan; Chech, Fromme
and Devormer.
AMERICAN ASSN.
At Kansas CTty, 3: Minneapolis, 1.
At Columbus, 4; Indianapolis, 7.
At Louisville, 3; Toledo, 1.
At Milwaukee, 6; St. Paul, 3.
HUGH! BATTLE
HI
The Junction-Briggs, w inners of sev
en straight games, and the C. & A.'s,
will play this evening, the game start
ing promptly at 6 o'clock so that the
miners will have time to eat a'ter com
ing off shift and still see the start
of the game.
Red Toner, who has returned fiom
Tyrone, where he has been playing the
past two months, will probably pit h
for Pittman's outfit and Schalzkin
will work for the C. & A.'s and will
endeavor to get revenge for the trim
ming he got last Sunday fr mi the iig
bats of the J.-B.'s.
BUSINESS IMPROVES
Al Strack, of Hyde and Strack, the
tire experts, said yesterday that busi
ness is improving materially every
day and if it keeps up, extra help wi'l
have to be secured to handle the work.
Since the installation of the famous
Pry Kurve vulcanizing equipment, the
shop has been buried under a flood of
orders. Thousands of miles are built
into worn out tires and since new cas
ings cost so much, motorists are quick
to realize the advantages of having
their tires rtread"d.
Himflreas.oi.ra
Tha SA.CRI
irs of Shoes
FICED
Vonderful values consisting of dress, work and shoes for every day
wear will be placed on sale. Every shoe in the house is included and
must be sold without thought of profti. We need the cash and are
slaughtering prices on our big stock for your benefit.
Absolutely Nothing Reserved
Hundreds of local Npecple have taken advantage of our big clearance
sale. Arrange now to attend this event before it is too late. For
today and the coming week we have placed scores of new bargains
on sale.
Men's Shirts, Neckties, Underwear
and Clothes All on Sale
For the ordinary price, of ONE PAIR of shoes, come to the Electric
Shoe Shop and buy TWO PAIRS. Be sure and find "the right store
which is filled with bargains for we lead and our would-be competitors
follow. Remember this sale will last only a few days longer, so come
and save enough money to buy War Savings Stamps.
L
OSHOE
I; SHOP
"Where You Can Save Money"
BREWERY GULCH - - - BISBEE
il.J
J8p!r
1 ' ' THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JULY 21, 1918.
SEVEN
DAILY REVIEW WANT ADS
Advertisements under this head at the rate of 1 cent per word each Issue, with a minimum charge of 25 cents
Advertisements must reach The Review office not later than 8 p. m. for insertion In next morning's paper.
Male Help Wanted
WANTED Man to work on ranch.
Brophy Carriage Co., Lowell. 999
WANTED A painter at Toveia's
slaughter house. Apply at the
. slaughter house. 21
t
WANTED Two mill carpenters to go!
to Patagoni flux mine. Apply Room
3, Bank, of Bisbee building, or alt
mine. 946
1
GOVERNMENT NEEDS 2 0,0 00
CLERKS at Washington. Examina
tions everywhere in July. Exper
ience unnecessary. Men and women'
desiring government positions write
for free particulars to J. C. Leonard,
trormer Civil Service Examiner),
.v. itcuois Bldg., Washington. 907
... I i- TO "Y. M. C. A. Schools, Los
, .i.t0c.es," about Auto, Radio, Com-
..cu.1 and Engineering
'iriii for service.
courses.
26S
ternale Help Wanted
WANTED Girl for housework end
cooking for couple. A. B., caro Re
: view. 42
WANTED Ten bright capable ladiea
to travel, demonstrate and -sell well
- known goods' to established dealers.
v', $25 to 50. per week; railroad, fare 1
. paid; weekly advance lor traveling!
expenses. Address at ence uooancn
- Drug company. DepL' 131, Omaha,
. Nebr. 723
WAXTED Nice refined young lady,
! ' employed as companion for 17-year-old
daughter. Will give board and
; v room half price. Modern cottage,
all conveniences. Apply 109 Laun
'v dry hill. ' 1 45
WANTED Waitress.
.' house.
Raby boarding
913
For Sale
, FOR SALE Metz cat, 1917 model, run
less than 10,ou0 miles, J3U0. terms.
Mason blacksmith, opposite Central
theater, Lowell. 11
FOR SALE Peaches. Phone 5S9. Col
ford, 73 Wood canyon. Free deliv
ery. '2
SOU SALE Bargain. Fora truck, A-l
'-. condition. Price 135(1. Terms. Also
", j Ford touring car. Price 275. Terms.
See Hood ic Bledsoe, Johnson adui-
tion. ' 995
; FOR SALE Horse and two wagons
. at a real bargain. Call at Celery Vig
, Bottling company plant (toruieriy
. '. Bisbee Pioneer Soda works), 'lomo-j
' stone canyon. 972 i
FOR SALE One Royal typewriter,
i ' SJiO. One woou stove, $10. One bed
i: and springs, ,$10.
Can be seen at
yj house of VV. h. Bropny.
9i4
r
"OR SAL? Furniture of twenty-four
rooms, doing a good business A goo a
' chance for the right party. Star
V.' Rooming house, opposite city park.
', . . 945
FOll SALE Two lots near Lincoln
scnool, road adjoining. $210 cash cr
I $00 down and $23 montniy. Grish
am's, Miller hilt, by light post. 74S
FOR SALE Five passenger Ford car,
.model 1318, almost, new, bargain.
Owner is in jail. Also one cow for
sale,- fresh in August. Anybody
wanting to tee call lrom 8 a. in. to
3 p. in.. Van Dyke street, Warren.
Milo Sargent. 948
FOR SALE Lautcr piano, rich tone,
easy action. G. O. Rhodes. Phone
Black 70'J. 963
FOR SALE All the. r;xtures of the
Waldorf Boarding house on Brew
ery avenue - and Broadway street.
Everything complete. Cheap. Ca;
at oltice at Rod McDonald, room 14.
Allen block. 33
FOR SALE Improved ranch of twen
ty acres vnder four wire fence,
fifteen acres has been cultivated
three room frame house, garage and
other outbuildings, two good welis,
one gas engine and one hand pump,
farming utensils, twelve bearing
fruit trees and one Jersey cow and
dozen chickens. Located cue half
mile east of Osborn station. A Kinall
cash payment and balance on terms.
See Gus Haigler. 162
FOR SALE Building lots. See Bruce
Perley, Copper Queen hotel building,
Bisbee, Ariz. '. 'Z'i
FOR SALE Modern five room house
at Warren, together with three large
; lots. ; Will give terms. Location the
: best, all fonced, good garage. Here
is a sr.ap.- Sec owdee, J. E. Brophy.
Phone 'Hi, Lowell, Biophy btable.
' ' s;i
. FOit SALE Bandies pi oil pupeis at
; tho Review oliice. Liuge bundles,
price 23c.
' FOR SALE One Studebaker lour,
ueven passenger, 1H17 model. Fino
Condition. Apply X; Review. 39
FOR SALE
0"'j' three. o:ie four and tiw: six r i. ;a
unfurnished house ce.nira!ly loc-iti.l
up Tombfit'tne canyon. Pait c.ibh,
balance like rent.--
C'lrs seven fnoin fnriii..h'. J heu.se,
Vounghl'Hid hill, i;n ca: h, bai.inco
reasouatle terms.
O.:o fine roo:n fr.rn1.
i.tix-t, Opera Drive
gain.
hed hou e, ii.il;
J12(0. A bar-
Thiee gJed uniiuprovc:! buiidip;;
Toraii.ol" ranyon. f'-W).
C. H. MlXlAN. Ileal l: t..t'
Below Co; per Quecp. Hotel
17
FCIJ SALE Furnitiiro and lmusc for
t-nt. Fui'uitute fiist ilaxs-and gooi
new. Phone Green '. ;. 1'. V.
Hicks, 12 Tank bill.
41
For Sale
FOR SALK One No. 10 Remington
typewriter, A-No. 1 condition, stand
and secretary, Party leaving town.
A bargain. No. 20 Tank hill, cr
Box 63,'. 41
FOR SALE Buick light six, five pas
senger, lb17 model, Liberty six, l'JIA
niouel, run less than a thousand
miles. F. J. Keofeh Auto Upholstery
and Taint Shop, Lowell. 9S
FOR SALE...'d room set. Mrs. Wal
ker, back of Angius grocery store. TO
FOR SALE FURNITURE House lor
rent. Furniture first class.and good
as new. Phone Green V2i. F. V.
Hicks, 12 Tank hill. 64
FOR SALE OR TRADE For Warren
property, finest improved ten acres
m Salt River valley, with tools and
half growing crops. Alfalla, corn,
maize. Box 576, Bisbee. 6i
DESIRABLE BUILDING LOT 56x165
on First avenue. Thriving town, rail
road, good schools, churches, 16
miles from state capital. $500 for
quick sale. Celia Smith, R. 1, Mesa,
Ariz. 64
For Rent
FOR HEM T Two furnished house
keeping rooms. 120 upper Lowell.
975
FOR RENT Nicely furnished front
ruom with bath, $12.50, m Warren.
Phone Green 350. 943
FOR RENT One three room partly
furnished bouse, High road, ?-0 per
month. C. 11. Hogan, below Copper
Queen hotel. 43
FOR RENT Two furnished house
keeping rooms. Phone 477 Black. 49
FOR RENT Small furnished house.
JSC O. K. street. Phone Red 530.
50
FOR RENT Two furnished rooms, 91
Jiggerville. 949
' FOR RENT Two furnished house
I keenine rooms. No children. 2S
Montana street. 557
FOR KENT Garage, light and water.
?5 per mouth. Appiy Dr. Playfair,
9S Mason hill. Pnoue Blue 647. 8S4
j FOR P-ENT Two story building, wita
largo basement, suitable for whole
sale bouse or storage and warehouse
business. In center ot Bisbee busi
ness district. Rent reasonable. Ap
ply frisbee Daily Xieview. 2
FOR SALE One Studebaker Six, first
ciass shape, bargain. One Stuueoaii-
er Four, almost new, half the price
of new one. One Ull istuuebahur
Four, first cUibs shape, bargain.
One live passenger Maxwell, almost
now, bargain, biag Dump garage.
40
FOR RENT Four room house, includ
ing bath, Warren. Inquire A. C. Dun
. lap, two blocks end of car line, east,
or, IS!) Temby avenue, block north
of high school. 97U
FOR RENT Cochise Row, one two
room furnished house; also tern,
house in connection, or for batching.
L. B. Cary, South Bisbee. 4'J
FOR RENT One fwe room unfurnish
ed hotii-.e, Htegins hill, above Lorct
to academy, $ '5 per month. Sec C.
H. Hogan, below Copper Queen ho
tel. IS
I FOR RENT Two furnished hou:,o-
keeping rooms. H. Rourke, 16 Tate
hill, Johnson addition. No children.
19
FOR RENT Cabin, lurr.ished for
batching. 175 Naco read, Holbcok
stop. 20
FOR RENT One 'room for batctins.
No. 14 Nt.co road, next Lowell bak
ery. 9.0
FOR RENT Desirable front apart
ment, suitable for couple. Conven
ient, modern, private bath, etc. oti8
Campbell street, Warren, opposto
postof.'lce. . "i
FOR RENT New four room U- w e
with bath and garage in Don Luis
Phone Z'Jd R 2 i'Ji
FOR RENT Housekeeping room.
218 High road, School hill. A.ina
Murphy. CI
FOR RENT-One three and one fi.e
roont unfurnished house. Warren,
llione 1(', Kog.tn & Seed. to
. FOR RENT
One five room modern, unfurnished ;
house, Higgins hill, $3 per month.
i One three room partially furnbh-.d
house, High road. $20 per month.
One three room lun.ishcd hou.-e with
pia"no, Liev.ery Gulch, i'.'.o per
month.
C. II. HOGAN. Real Estate
Below Copper Queen Hotel 71
FOR RENT Completely 'iSiislied
thin room apartment ,Aviliruat
bath. In U';irrtn. Phone li.T'.i k
No .children. 9U
Foil' KENT- One imht himn.-kecplr.g
rr in. suiianle for K.chi-lnr. n p: r
iiin;ii;i. lireguii roonr. No. I.i (). K.
street. ' fiS
Foil -Ti:T Two -.,! hoiis- !."epin
I'xmis v.i'h hut"' piti'"i porch. l'i
Hi:Ki"s t ill. Phone lie l in
Ft IK i!K. I' - Three u i i f ' 1 1 ni. i:( I
r":t'i-j. U'Hru, w'.li ha 'h si;l
screen nn-i b Apiilj H lis red limine
nl ,f 'i on. I "tone ca'iydn on c i
fine. Mi
FDi! Hl.'NT- ti,,,
u:.fun;!licd.
nice and t ! an. separate yard. -.7 li
Brophy avenue. 91 '
Forjlent
FOR RENT One large housekeeping
room over Independent Fuel it Feed
Etore. 97
FOR SALE Bundles of old papers at
the Review office. Large bundles,
I price 25c.
i'FOR RENT Two furnished rooms
' and kitchenette for light housekoep
J ing with bath. 125 Ouarry canyon.
913
FOR RENT Unfurnished, Tombstone
canyon, four rooms, bath, gas and
very desirable. No children. Ad
dress Box 124.5, Bisbee. 92
Furnished Rooms
FOR RENT Furnished front room for
one or two gentlemen. House next
to Castle Rock studio. 51
FOR RENT Furnished sleeping room
close in. Reasonable rem. No. 6
Quality hill, Mrs. Mitchell. SS
FOR RENT Furnished rooms. Bel
mont house, back of Fair store. 6x50
FOR RENT Bisbee Hotel. Furnished
rooms with running water. 352
MOOSE HOTEL Furnished
;2.oo per ween and up.
rooms
377
Wanted
WANTED To rent, for thirty to sixty
days, modern lurnisbed house. Ex
pect family over lrom Long Beach In
about ten days. Dr. W. C. Naon,
Copper Queen dispensary. i
WAN'lED A man for room and board
private family. Close In 59 ii O K.
street. 33
WANTED Partner in free milling
gold mines, runs $225 in gold per
ion, fifteen ounces in silver. Re
quire $2000 to put in stamp mill.
Guarantee flO.Ouo to $15,ooo clear
per month. Inquire Tammany hall,
Brewery Gulch. 91
WANTED To exchange new six iooi
cigar case tor tour loot cigar case,
or will buy case. Phone 309. it
j WANTED To buy a four or five room
house lor cash in Tombstone canyon
above Lincoln school, or I will con
sider Quality hui, Mason hill, or Hig
gius hill. Box 'K," Review. 9o
FOR KENT Two large light house
keeping rooms, gas, lights and
water. 16 Tate hill. Mrs. Calli
son. j'o
WANTED One or two girl ' room
mutes in housekeeping apartments
I in refined family, residence uronn
J bungalow on luil opposite water
tank, Star avenue, Moon atop. 60
j WANTED Desirable loom in relined
' lainny by cen cut - yung uank
) cieH;. -i;. J. Kevic-UL J ;,, Ji
i
j WANTED Three and four room
houses to sell. List your property
with me and if prices are right have
clients to buy. C. H. Hogan, be
low Copper Queen hotei. i
v.aMHU lo reni by younu cuuiue. .
lour or fivu rooms furnished or un-,
furui.ihed house in Wairen. Per-
manent. Guaranteed lease if bull
j factory. Address liox M-, Wa; ren
Money to Loan
SMALL quick loans on your personal
note to salaried men and women, al
so on furniture. Cox Loan Co. Rooin
2, Lyric Theatre buildiug. 166
Stock Salesmen
STOCK SALESMEN Financial hcus.,
hus opening for live $10oo per month
Mock salesmen to lollow up . live
leads which cost us from $10 lo $la
apiece in small towns. Strong sell
ing isaue. Have active endorse
ment of many prominent men. 23 to
30 leads when salesman starts
moie continually. Excellent refer
ences required. Address, Sales .Man
ager, 2932 Chicago avenue, Chicago,
111. u"!
Mineral Baths
I MARTIN'S MINERAL BATHS AND
i MASSAGE Specialist for rheumat
j ism, lumhago, plurisy, headache-,
I nervousness, manipulations and cur
i viture of spine treated scientu'ical
I ly. (Jilice third floor Maze building.
! open 9 a. m. to 9 p. m. Nurse in at
tendance. 9S2
Miscellaneous
CLASS OF MISS KATHLEEN" HAIL
Teacher of piano, lulk and inter
pretive dancing will open August 0.
Hi
MADAME J. REA KEVS, ot. Regis ho
tel, loweil, Ariz. 1'bono J2 t lalr
veyant and crystal reader. Dead
trance spirit medium, born with a
double veil, without asking questions
gives you dales, facts and figures,
and will, read yotif entire lite. I win
give a special reauing for thice u:yj
only lor ?1. 3
CLAIRVOYANT HEAL E It - - X s
Lumpkin. Advice, business, lov.-,
mining, look.i into anything, (le
scribes people concerned, toll out
come, spiritual advice. Across cre 1;
lrom gas tank, Cowm Ridge, John
Foil's Addition. u',.".
'.FAItN' net iial anlo reii:i!rin. book
Veej.ini;. h.irf h int. rnrtio enineir
Im Yo'iii4 Men's ( lirisi i.m ssn
-i:i I j i .it . IK Anceles. I'aliilo l'i "
2.H'
RFViriW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
PERSHING THUS
JUSTICE IS BEST
OF DISCIPLINE
Men Who Made up Expedi
tionaiy Force Tell of HiS;'13" be established as a permanent
! monument to Liliuokal.ini.
Actions While in Land of
Manana
EL PASO. Tex., July 20. Americans
who accompanied General Pershing
to Mexico in the various civilian capa
cities never tire of talking cf the little,
sidelights on the character of the gen-!
eral commanding the American forces i
in France, as shown to them while hej
was in the desert of western Chiiiua-.
hua.
"I saw a better character sketch ot '
General Pershing than any of the
writers can picture," said one cattle-,
man here. "He squatted in front of
a camp fire at San Geronimo, frying
his hard-tack in the bacon grease of I
his mess pan, with the wind blowing
sand into his face and food and the
General grinning good naturedty all
the time as one of our cowpuncher
scouts spun a yarn about a buffalo
hunt he was on in the Little Canadian
up in the Panhandle."
These men tell many incidents of
General Pershing's stay on the border
and in Mexico as illustrations ot his
regard for his men and for the service.
On an inspection trip from Mami
quipa to Colonia Dublan he saw a mule
driver beating his team because they
would not pull an overlcaded wagon
out of a rut. Jumping from his auto-
mobile, General Pershing lectured the
mule driver, forced him to lighten the
load, deftly swung the team around
and drove the wagon onto the high
road,
Aeain he reprimanded a colonel
who forced his men to march all day
with a CO pound field pack when emp
ty motor trucks were passing all day
en route to the same destination.
"An American soldier will fight
harilpr live r.n less food and accent
more hardships than any other soldier
tn th u-nrlrt." Henpral Pershine said,
! . .. , ,,
in commenting upon tne nnaem.
But he can see no reason why his
J pack should not be hauled in empty
trucks ir trucks are passing, ."eitner
do I."
A camp sutler at Colonia Dublan
smuecled in an automobile load of
bad whiskey. After disposing of nisi!
j stock, the man appeared at General ;
I Pershing's headquarters to ask for a
I pass back to the border. He got the
! pass as a free ride as a prisoner and j
! was forced to dig latrines and repair i
; reads en route. , I
The announcement that
Gcneral
Pershing had adopted two French or -
phans recalled a fhlod of tender mem-! to tuo win ot tnu voiei at me umao
ories to friends cf General Pershing on j c.ui.c pnnaiy to Lie uem ou beptem
' the border for it was while he was i:i j or lu, iij.i.
'command here that his wife and two j .Y. S. BRA KIT ELD.
1 cnuuren were uurnea iu utuiu bl j
j Presidio in San Francisco. General j
I'ershing's nair, a cnestnut crown,
slcwlv turned to grey after his loss
and he could be seen i.-cqucntly riding
on the mesa beyond Fort Bliss alone
with his great grief,
MANY HEIRS ARISE
FOR ESTATE OF
Each Claims to be Closest
Blood Relative of Dead Ha
waiian Ruler and all Seek
Her Wealth
HONOLULU, T. H., June 28. I By
Mail) Prince Kuhio Kalanianoale, i
delegate to Congress from Hawaii, has j
withdrawn his suits to ureak me in
of the late Queen Liliuogalani and the
ueeu oi irusi uy wiucu uecini jvaioj
before her death sue turned ner prop-
i erty over to a board cf trustees. But
j no sooner were Kuhio's suits w ith
drawn than several other claimants ap
' peared and filed suits attacking the
! will.
One of the new claimants is "Prin
cess" Theresa Wilcox Belliveau. who
I immediately following the death of the j
! queen filed for probate a so-called will
I which has since been prcved to be a
forgery. This week tho "princess
' u t pl,.il In nif ertiir-t 3ml ennviet-
. led of conspiracy in connection with the
j tiling cf the wilL This, however, hai
: not deterred her from making another
! attempt to obtain possession of l!i"
estate Kfl by the lato queen, which ii
jvalucd'at sometM.ig over $200,01"'.
; Another cf tlie new litigants bears
' tho name of KahakauiHakeliimeewaio
waiaulie Nawahie. Her front name
rendered into English means, "Clouds
Hanging in the Tuikght Skies."
' The third of the t. -.) oi suits is
breur'u by John F. .Coluurn; acting as
;rusi. ea lor the Ka aaanakea miners,
sons ol the lute ."rnc David and
Princess Abigail b awaiianak a. Their
ionics ai' lnvii Kuliikaua Kawanan
ak'.ii and Lydia Liliukalani Kawana
liakea. I All of the claimants i.llege that they
;t;- r.ext of kin to t'r late tjueeii Lii'i:
K.al.iti!, :.i:d in serk u to have set
:;.;.il'! the will that exeiut'.d Dc-
i riher Z. 190'), all oif'-r thf .rne alle
gaiioiw. i. i., icntniilrd in tlie .ui! , tnat Hie
'mfUils f tte will was i:io l.',iU about
lii:i e :h :r.:ii'f. mis ' resr;uaiion and
'i.rliiiie on the p.ft ef Cel. ( i,r;is P.
;,i.ikc:i, v ' 9i fie ( I!' '"I'f k l irr
;p 1 vlio is nam (I i:i l'"e whl . a.i
; m'Mistrnlor. 1' is a!!e-.;cl lh.it til" i
ument Is not the queen -5 ii! Jt- t i
witn. ,,-rs did not sign it at thf request
ef Liluokalatii. It is alio alleged in
te three suits that the will was net
attested by two competent witnesses,
and the queen was not of sound mind
and was incapable of disposing of her
estate when the will was drawn.
The suits cf Prince Kuhio were
withdrawn in accordance with a com
promise readied, according to the
terms of which Kuhio is given possess
ion of property on W'aikiKi-beach that
I belonged to the queen. Another pro
I vision of the acreeinent Is that within
I eighteen months Washington palace,
which was the home of the queen, shall
be disposed of to t.'ie territory for a
governor's mansion for a price not to
'exceed IJO.OUO. or in default of that it
l.
BISBEE TRANSFER,
STORAGE & COAL CO.
Warehouse &. Office Opposite Depot
PHONES 640 and 50.
HENNESSY
Undertaking Parlors
PHONE 15. O K ST.
TO THE QUALIFIED ELECTORS OF
COCHISE COUNTY, STATE
OF ARIZONA.
Notice is hereby given that a peti
tion is on file in my oliice purporting
to be signed by tne qualified eiectois
of said county to the number ot aol,
being not less than 33 1-2 per cent Ji
the qualified electors of tne County
computed according to law, praying
tnat the county seat of said County
be removed uoin tne piaee wuere it is
now fixed, and tnat an election ne hem
to determine the uue.--tiou ot such to-
! niovai, and to hat place the same
shall be removed tor tnat the question
j of such removal and the place to wh.cn
! such shall be removed, be submitted to
the qualified electors ot said County at
the next general election of the Couu-
ty officers) and that said petition vi.l
bo considered by the Board of buper
visors of said County at a meeting to
be held at Tombstone, in said County,
cn the 1-lh day of August, 1U1S, at
two o'clock P. M., at wnich tune and
j Place any qualiiied elector of saiu
i County may appear in person or by
! ..1 1 K..
: iuuuwi "'"
Dated July 13th, 1918.
A. C. KAKGER,
Board of Supervisors, Cochise County,
Arizona. 'J0
Political Announcements
FOR SHERIFF
I hyreby announce myself us a caa-
!diuata for the noiuaiatioa 101 tne ouicc
;ot biieritf oi . ucti.se county, sauj.-cl
FOR SHERIFF
1 hereby annouueu myself as a can
didate or tne nomiuatiou lor lue ollico
ul fcuenU of eocu.oe count;, suojecl
1 nits votcis ui iu UL-n.o-
Liiiuc iJiiuiai ivi uu uciu ou ot;utu-
uur io,
C E. CliOS.
fO toHthlhr"
I hercLy aunouueu myseir uo a cau
diuaie tor the uomiaatiou tor iiie iiitce
of sueriif of cocniso county, odLijec
iu lue will of tne vulcis al lue ucmu
cialic xiniuary lo bo he.d on bcpteui
oer iJlH.
james f. Mcdonald,
420 Deputy V. S. .vlaroa.u
FOR SHERIFF
I hereby announce myself as a can
didate for thu nomination lor tut oi
nce of sncruf of Cochise couaty, su
jccl lo tne will ot tne voteis at lue
republican primary to be neiu ou Sep
tember 10, UlS.
3S3 LORENZO WRIGHT
CAD CUCDICC
I . ... ,.,. ,llvslr :i. , ,an
' "
' -.caonVt!
i the voters at tne a-jiaocialic prima
I riej 10 be heid btplcmtMj." 10, l.us.
EARL Y. sa.nDS,
C. Q. Smelter, Douglas, Arizona.
FOR TREASURER i
1 hereoy announce myae'f us a can-j
didai'; lor the nouiiitauou lur tne oi-
lice oi Tieasurer of Cochise county, .
subject to the wi.l of the voters al tn,
democratic primary to be lieiu oil ,
5jei)lejl,,er io. Mis
guv c. we..c:i.
FOR SUPERVISOR
I hereby announce myaeif as a can
didate lur the nomination lor tho of
fice of supervisor of Cothh o county,
subject to the wi.l of the voters al lue
democratic primari lu be heal Da
September lo, U'lb.
I. C. E. ADAMS,
6S-1 Ex-Mayor.
FOR CLERK, SUPERIOR COUfjr
1 hereby announce myself as a can
didate for tao 110:11. nation for H10 ol
iice of Clerk, Superior Court of to
cluau county, bibjecl to the will of the
voters al i.i s uenociat.c primary i l.
held ou 0 -pie liber l'J, 191S.
J. li JAMES.
FOC jUDGa, SUPERIOR CCOrtT
1 hereby aii:i.nliue in.,i l: a.s a t.n- ;
(liuaic 1 r the romiual 1011 tor li.e of
l.co oi .liiiige, S'ljit-rior Court oT ( -ciiise
co n ty, sui.j. i t to the w ill of the
Vltlen jil lile llei.l'cl.ltU irilll.i:" lie .
i;el:l iiji September 1 1. I
- Al.i'ill.l) '. l.t)', l );:).
THE REVIEW
Jbb Department
will furri.sh you 'a:: cslir.ijt'.
on that job (-ii short notice
LODGE NOTICES
Cards of every fraternal order In the Warren District; giving the essential
fac!3 of em.1), their meeting nights. thir officers and the place of gather
ing will b-.i found under their respective headings In these columns.
CALEDONIAN SOCIETY
meets first and
third Thursdays
of each month In
Methodist Hall,
School Hill. Na
ti - and de-
iCsnda nts of
of Scotland cordi
ally incited.
THOS. ML AT, President, box 136.
M. MAINLAND, Secretary.
BISBEE LODGE.. NO. 718.
L.O.O.M.
.Meets every Friday
night, Moose Hall.
Visiting brothers cor
dially invited.
K. L ULEASON.
Dictator.
KAY ROSS, Sec'y.--
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA.
DREADNAUGHT.
I O. L. NO. 210.
meets In L O.
O. F. Hall first
and third
MONDAY at
y.-.- '.vj
7:20 p. m.
Visiting broth-
Wb. t. smithan, w. ,l
ROBERT FERGUS, Secretary
P. O. Box 426. Bisbee
BROTHERHOOD OF AMERICA N
YEOMAN
Richard I, Homestead 895, meets
second and fourth Tuesday at Odd
Follows' halL Visiting Archer are
cordially invitee'.
AIRS. C C. FINLAYSON, Foreman
P. O. Box 1526.
E. D. STINSON, Correspondent.
Ecx 14?C.
BISBEE LODGE. NO.
10, I. O. O. F
meets ever)
Thursday
evening at Odd
Fellows' Hall.
Subway street, at 7:30 o'clock. Visiting
brothers cordially invited to attend.
Hail phone 11 J.
G. A. PLUNKETT. N. G.
CARL V. NELSON. Secretary.
FOR CCi.oTABLE
I htroiiy announce myself as a can
diuate i:jr i.ie nomination for the '.1-
i . w 1,1 v,i,l...--.-.0 lvl' l.O.Vl'.i llt?C.U..C
...O. '6, W LtlO V. .:! Oi HiO 4
-i hj u...ot..ic piimary ly L2 it.j
Op.U.t.oCt if, u.j.
fj( juilN (j.U'K) RYAN.
FOR CONSTABLE
1 hereoj aiiujuuce myself us a can
didate lr. nLainai.oa lor luu oi
ncd cf coasiaj.o tor Lu. ea precinct
..o. uojee to lue win ot ifta Vb.cu
ui tno ucmcc.wiic pilu.ary lo uu na.a
3o0 L 'MS KOCili'.
FOR CONSTABLE
I
( 1 Lei'cby u..njauco ii.yae.f as a can
jdidate for tUu no.u.uatiou as Countable
jfor tho Lowc-.l i'reciiici, o. 3. Sui
ijccl to the acLiuii ot too DomocraUu
voters of thai precinct lu the primaries
un September lOlh.
167 if. H. BOHMf'ALIv.
FCR CONSTABLE
I bercljy announce myself as a can
didate lor lue noniiiiuiioR to. i, c of
fice of Ccnslublvi tor Lowell Pree.uct
No. I!, subject to the will of the voters
at the Democratic primary to be liclu
on September 10, 191S.
200 JAMES BAKER
FOR CONSTABLE .
I hereby announce mysoU as a cau
didute tor the iioiiunuttoc as Coustiiblo
for tho Lowell Precinct, No. ";. oju
jeet u the action of the Democratic
volers l:f tn'it i.rerm. I in lh,. m i.n:.ri..
on SLi.u..ubtr u,rA.
2u7
CEO. I). CROWLEY.
FOR CONSTABLE
I hereby announce mjsrii" as a ea:i-
Hi,l t.,r. IK.. ..... i...
; , :j ' -
' r, 1 ' ' N fcU
j voters of that piecmct in the j riti:u
j r: s on Sepumuer l'i.
C20 A. E. SHEPPAPD.
FOF5 JUSTICE OF PEACE j
j 1 hereny announce myself as a can-1
oidate for tno nomination as justice of j
tho peace, lur the Lowell precinct. No j
3. Subject to the action 01 the demo- !
c.atic otrs uf that precinct in tho j
primaries oa September loth. irls
711 , CEO. R. SMITH.
FOR JUSTICE Or PEACE j
I lr.reijy announce myself as a can- j
didato for tri? nomination as Justico of 1
the lVaic, f-r the Lowell PrrciiK"., No
3 Subject to tile uc'ion ol I'.m Deimv
cratic voters cf that p;ec;nct in the1
pti.uariv.-i cn fr'c;.tom:;;r l'Kh. I
J. l. v iM;:::ti.
FOR JUSTICE OF THE PEACE
I hereby iiiuiici! i.iyself as a can-
dill. lie pr the lit i 1 ti.i t joii ;is jti; t:ce of
the juaee. ' ir the Loe!l preii:;c:. No.
;;. Sih.ect to ':e ;e : r. if tie- 1.1 .in -cr
itic vo'ers uf lli.tt recitict iv, til;
pnma'ie.. i.n plemlior l'-'ii
y-2 J. it. HOD .:::'-.
r c:s S'JH-invioOT
I Percliy ;ut;i:e:i re vp si if us ;i i :;ti-
dcl.lte lie tl I'.lilli 1 ii ilMI k'i" !ie Ol
f if 1:1 ;pel v 1 ,e.r ef ''eeli!.. 1 ; l ; . t .
: ui- : ct to IS- w lil 1 .' the vol ft a t lie
pemie! a : pr:!i:.i:-y to be held on
Sf pie uilvr l'1, 191S
S!T V. M. JOHNSON.
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED AMERt
CAN MECHANICS.
Jjg MeeU in MedlgOTlclk
Ti V 1IaU cvery T u d y
p-i V "l night. Visiting brotar
W) welcome.
S. F. BENTON, Councillor.
J. L BENTON, Recording Secretary.
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS.
Rathbone Lodgo No. It)
Knights of Pythias,
meets each Tuesday,
(except second) in new
Odd Fellows' Hall at
7::i0 p. 111. Visiting
brothers cordially in
vited. V Y
H. E. WOOTTON. C. C.
W. E. McCALLUM. K. of R. S.
LODGE NO. 671.
Regular meeting first and t-iird Fri
day of each month Visiting brothers
cordially invited td attend.
JA3. ALLISON, Exalted Ruler.
R. J. KELLY, Secretary.
KNIGHTS AND LADIES OF SECURI
TY, BISBEE COUNCIL NO. 2115.
Meets every aecoud and fourth Sat
urdays in the mouth at L O. O. K.
Hall. 7:u0 p. in. VlsiJng member ar
cordially invited.
ARNOLD SCHM1D, President.
P. O. Box Lowell, Ariz.
FREDERICK J. ATTAWAY.
Secretary, LowelL
E. L..NDQUIST. Financial Secretary,
P. O. Box 3246, LowelL
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD.
Lowell Camp No. 46 will
meet every Thursday
at 7:30, Bropny Nail
F. C. SAXBY. C. C;
O. B. THOMAS, Clerk.
All Woodmen invited.
ORDER OF EASTERN STAR.
meets in Masonic Hal
Pearl Chapter, No. 6, meets
in Masonic Hall second an
fourth Tuesday of eacf
mouth at 7:30 p. m.
MRS. EMMA WOODS. W. M.
Phone 151, Box 43. Bibe.
MRS. JESSIE BEVAN. Sec'y. P. Ol
Box 2299. Chairman Relief Com..
Phone 161.
FRATERNAL ORDER OF EAGLE.
Bisbee Aerie, No. 175. F. O. E aieet
tlrst a:ld third TUESDAYS. S ;.. in.
Eagle.- Hall. Visitors cordially wet
come. J. F. WILMOTH. President
F. C. FENDERSON, Secretary.
C. u. EDMONDSON. Aerie i'hysic.
FRATERNAi.
ROTH ER HOOD
T. F. B.
sbeo Lixlg No
432 meets the lat
and 3rd Mondays
ot eaci month at
7:10 at Ued'
vich HalL Visit
ing members cordially invited.
B. F. MOSS, President
aiRS. C. E. FLNOTT1, Treasurer.
Box 722. Tel. 236, Red.
HONORA MUNCH. Secretary.
Vox 162L
MOuERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA.
Bisbee Camp No. 13415.
Meets first Saturday al
Med'govich Hall.
R. L. MOTZ, ConsuL
H. F. MATHEWSON.
Clerk.
WEEK ENDING JULY 27. 1913
Mocda)
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday
Friday
Saturday
W. W CIOLEY. V. M.
II. T. W ATKINS, Secy. F. & A. M.
J. W. TO LAND. E. H. P.
C. F. PHILBROOK. T. L M.
F. E. BENNETT. E. C.
F. S. DAVENPORT, Secretary Chap
ter and t'orumandery.
W. R. BANES. Secretary Council.
PYTHiAN SISTERS
Lily Tempi.?, No. 3. meets cvery n-l
an I ltli Tnesiliy evening of radi
mo.irh at m v.- (id! Fellows' hall. 'i. :l
ing si- ters are cordially invited.
ViNNIE BLUM. M. E C.
Phono BUck Sot.
IDA 1'L.AZ.:. M. of R. C.
Pox 1475.
HPICHESTERS PILLS
tlI IlKWlfc Pll.l H, i
SOIQ BY QRLGGISTS ECK.KHLS
t wr-
Mi
t'jjj
INK IIMini nKA.-iA A
A ok yr lrlc T A
C hkN-li MsMnd KrMlA
I'liU in Hr4 an I WU -t- u.
h--.fi, kUc i h.'tc Fi:.-. y
Tkf lliirtf timp v yr-s-T-irv;,,')
THE BI5BEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JULY 21, 1918.
EIGHT
City Briefs it
Has anyone visited you? Or j j
r
have vrm entertained? 1( SO. call
The Review after t p. m. and tell j
the Society Editor, phoue 39. j
FOR THE COAST.
John Mason Ross of the firm or El
linwood & Ross, has gone to Ixn An
geles to remain ior a lew weeks nn
professional trip.
VISITING RELATIVES.
-Mrs. E. McVain is in the distiict
from hor home in Beloit, Wis., and is
the guest of her aunt, Mrs. E. B. Bur
roughs, of Winwood addition.
PURCHASED LOT.
Mrs. M. E. Walton has purchased a
lot on the boulevard in Warren
through the office of Bruce Perley,
and will erect 'a bungalow thereon.
VISITING BROTHER.
Miss Margaret Byrn3 of Jne-c.on-ville.
111., is spending a few weeks in
the district and is the guest of her
brother, J. M. Byrns, postmaster at 1
Warren.
HAS RETURNED. ,
J. C. Ryan of the county road com-;
mission, has returned from C'tiifornia 1
where he went to spend a lew days j
with his family, who are spending the
summer on the coast.
TODAY-
CONTINUOUS 1 TO 11
neater
TODAY
THOS. H. INCE'S
$1,000,000 Photo Spectac!
e
iiiwiiliiiiMlii niiwiiP'iiiiiwrii iiMimii"if'Wi mi rim n m hut no rn m hi i i
1 , i, , , I, mru w..wxm.JJ
The Most Astounding Production the
World Has Ever Known
THE GREATEST ATTRACTION EVER OFFERED WITH NO ADVANCE IN ADMISSION
CHILDREN 15c
ADULTS 25c
THIS INCLUDES WAR TAX
40,000 People Employed
10,000 HORSES
In Thrilling Cavalry Charge
FORTY AIRPLANES IN GREAT AIR BATTLES
TWO BATTLESHIPS DESTROYED IN FULL .
VIEW OF THE CAMERA
A SUBMARINE DESTROYS AND SINKS A LOADED
PASSENGER SHIP IN MID-OCEAN
AN AWE-INSPIRING SPECTACLE THAT IN ONE
MINUTE IT MAKES YOUR BLCOD RUN COLD AND
IN ANOTHER THRILLS YOU WITH ITS HUMAN
TGUCHES.
"CIVILIZATION" WAS SHOWN IN EIS2EE SOME
TIME AGO AT $1.C0 TOP PRICE
THIS WONDERFUL PRODUCTION WILL BE
SHOWN HERE WITH NO ADVANCE IN
PRICES.
i
& A. I
FOR SHORT TRIP.
William H. Gohring cf the. C.
Mining company, has gone to Los At
geles for a few days on a short vaca
tion trip. He drove to lienson in order
to catch a westbound train.
FUNERAL OF MRS. HOLT.
The funeral of Mrs. S. W. Holt will
be held this afternoon at 2 o'clock
in the city yesterday from Naco on a
short business trip. He has been mak
ing his home at Cananea for a number
of years. He was accompanied by Lee
Mall, the Naco merchant prince.
RED CROSS WORKERS.
Meet everv Tuesday to sew for Red
from the chapel of the Palace Under- j cross at the Christian church. Those
taking cotnjiany. The Rev. Compton
of the Methodist church will officiate.
present last Tuesday were: Mesdamcs
I. W. Wallace, John Chain, Chas .Mc
Donald. J. Welbourne, 15. Blunt, Win
stead, Henrey, J. Stewart, Poole, Mat
thews, Floyd, Abies, Stout, Titus,
i Dortch.
BACK FROM EL PASO.
John Rawiings, in charge of the Cal
umet & Arizona Supply department.
has returned to his home in Warren
auer a snort visit, to r.i J wuure RESIDENTS OF WARREN
ne was cuntJU on uusmt es lur mc tuiu-pany.
! - W
1 fih I
1 - J r y;: . f.;.v
1 H x
I V
iAGLE THEAT
TODAY-
CONTINUOUS! TO 11
-TODAY
SAFE OVERSEAS:
Mr. and Mrs. C. E. Rork and family
are now residents of Warren. They
moved up from Douglas a few days
I ago. Mr. Rork has accepted a position
A letter was received yes erdayfrom j Qn the engineering 8taff of.A. G. Mc-
Thos. E. Murphy, Co. E, of the Thirty-
third engineers, stating that he was
safely (,n the other side. He left here
last February. He was formerly ia
the employ of the local mines.
FROM MOUNTAINS.
James Kelly was in the city yester-
Gregor's office. He was formerly con
nected with the engineering depart
ment of the Phelps Dodge company at
Douglas.
COLORED MEN CALLED. I
Secretary Ray B. Krebs of the lo-
dav from his "ranch in the Huachucns. ! 1 board yesterday received a call
He reports that good rains have fallen
in the section during the past few
days and that the ranges are rapidly
getting in good shape.
PROGRAM AT "Y."
The program which was held at ibe
Y. M. C. A. last night for the members
and theirfrien ds was largely attend
ed in spite of the rain. The pictures
shown were enjoyed as were the piar.o
solos and the singing of the "Y" quartet.
from the adjutant general for all col
ored men in class one in Cochis
county to go to Camp Lewis, Washing
ton, on August 1. There are nine col-
! ored men in Cochise county in class
one ready to go and they will be en- ;
trained from Tombstone on the first.
MOVE TO WARREN.
W. Dell Jones and wife have moved
into their beautiful new home in War
ren on Douglas street. The Jones fam
ily formerly resided on O. K. street.
Mr. Jones is in the employ of the Cop
per Queen company.
TO ENTER NAVY.
Tommy Wallace left yesterday for
T.ns Aneeles. where he eoes to enlist in
I Vi T7nitj1 Ktatoa tiaw after pnlovina
a few weeks' vacation. He attended
the university at Tucson the past year
and since his return borne has been
in the office of the Copper Queen com
pany. He is a native son of Bisbee
and will make good in the service of
bis country.
IN AVIATION CORPS.
Word has been received from Eu
well Hudson that he had passed his
examination and w-as now in the avia
tion corps and was stationed at Ft.
McDowell on Angel Island. He expects
to be transferred to another post of
duty later.
TO CLOUDCROFT.
F. L. Williams, agent for the rail
road company, left last evening for
Cloudcroft, New Mexico, where he was
called on account of the serious ill
ness of his grandchild, th little daugh
ter of Mrs. FrecLjRyan, who' is danger
ously ill with an attack of pneumonia.
FROM NACO.
Jim Dobson, who drove one or tne
stages into Bisbee years ago and also
freight teams for Jimmy Carr, was
FUNERAL OF MRS. O'DONNEL.
The funeral of Mrs. Ann O'Donnel.
aged 86 years, who died last, night at
the home of her daughter. Mrs Sprnui
of Bauer hill, will be held Monday
morning at 10 o'clock from the Cath
olic church. The Rev. Father Mar.c-in
will officiate. Mrs. O'Donnel has
been a resident of Bisbee for aeveu
years and leaves many friends who
will mourn her loss.
TOOK FRENCH LEAVE.
Two Mexicans, one named A. Molina
and the other named Fred Macias, suc
ceeded in working a number of the
Mexican residents of this city out of
various sum. They had been promot
ing a raffle that was to take place last
evening and had been selling chance3
on a watch chain and a number of oth
er aticles and it was to be held at a
dance to be given by them. Yesterday
morning they went around to various
i 1
ft?--. 'i
tu , , , . 4 . -1-riT T7-" nTTTCtaTTin
M aeteriincii ' s- inn vim. c jui
ADOLPH ZUKOR PRESENTS MAETERLINCK'S
"TIE BLUE HMD"
Directed by Maurice Toumeur Scenario by Charles Maigne
AN ARtCRAFT PICTURE
A THOUSAND SMILES! A THOUSAND SOBS!
A THOUSAND BEAUTIFUL SCENES !
A PHOTODRAMA THAT WILL PUT NEW COURAGE INTO AMERICA'S
HEARTS, THE SORT OF A FLAY THAT LIFTS DARK
THOUGHTS INTO THE SUNSHINE
HERE'S A RECOMMENDATION THAT MEANS A LOT! By Margaret E. Sangster, in the Christian Herald
I Some people many people, know the story of Maeterlinck's
"The I lue Bird." Everybody should know it. And now that
the producers of Artcraft Pictures have put the story into a
perfect picture, there is no reason why everyone should not
know it.
f The Christian Herald does not often feel that it can heartily
endorse a film, for many film stories are, regrettably, not the.
sort of thing that one could take one's small, or older, son or
daughter to see. But "The Blue Bird" is the sort of film that
holds a lesson worth learning. It is the kind of a film few
people have dreamed of producing an idtulistic picture made
real by splendid acting and remarkable photography.
11 Several points stand out from the story stanu out by sheer
beauty of word and action. When the children go at 12
o'clock to the graveyard to see the dead arise when they
tiptoe fi-arfuliy in through the door and walk in frightened
silence, pust the yawning tombs, one can perfectly under
stand why folk foar death. But, when suddenly the graves
burst forth into blossoms and the roses and lilies grow frag
rantly all about, cne sees the Easter story retold in a mar
velous way. For the little boy, astounded, asks "Where are
the dead"? and the girl-child, with a triumphant smile opoii
.'ier face answers "There are no dead!"
T T".e moving picture has come to st:-y. come to stay with
its unlimited possibilities for good or for e;i And "The
Blue Bird' is the sort of picture that cannot f-il to do un
limited good. It will be a delight to children.but only the
grown-ups can read their lives into the search for Happiness.
It will be a dream, a fairy-tale come true, to ymir U.y or
girl; but to you it will be the meauing of life, told poetically,
but none the less truly.
t "The Blue Bird" is a milestone in the production of mo
tion pictures. We hope for more pictures of the s.u:ie sort.
ADMISSION:
CHILDREN 10c ADULTS 15c
RESERVED SEATS 25c THISINCLUDES WAR TAX
friends and succeeded in borrow-in? i man alien tried to get across the line
from $10 to $25 nd then disappeared, j and was 'caught. He was deported
They even took the Mexican preacher I at once and was ordered across the
into their confidence for the sum of i line so that the American officers
$10. They also took a $100 watch from caught him and he is r.ow in a detcn
one of their friends. An effort is be- tiou camp. It is to be hoped that the
ing made to locate them. ! good work started will continue.
. I
: REPORTED BETTER.
Advices received .yesterday trout
; Douglas were to the effect that Judgt.
A. C. Lock wood was reported .is be
ing much better. He is confined to hi.;
llaf i His face'tabadiy brok out wHh
gration officers and the newly formed
fiscal guards are doing excellent work.
NOT SO EASY.
According to advices received here
yesterday it is not so easy for slack
ers, deserters and alien enemies to j
make their way across the Mexican
eXson. to wed Alice L. Dill, Douglas;
John U. Berry, to wed Ivy Raymond
Perry. Bisbee; Joseph Henry Schmidt,
to wed Margeurite .Morales, Douglas;
John D. ("hilcotte, of Douglas, to we.l
Irene K. Grassliaus, York, Neb.; Beiiro
Yanes, to wed Selsa Gonzales, Bisbee;
Louis Hatty, of Pirtleville, to wed Em
ma Schinids, Chicago
I?fi here last September and went int j ' ing car that bears the Arizona licence
the officers' training camp at Leon No. lltS.17. It has been in scrv.ce
Springs and from there was sent ! some time and has been used in chas
acrcss. He was employed in the E. 1'. I ing bootleggers, on prospecting trip.;.
& S. W. depot here for about four; joy rides and to all uses tlmt a good
years and is well Known to a nn:iifer j Ford car is. 1'. has bit; a the i u-t- in
of citizens in the district. It is to be ; of this particular car to rest at iiisht
hoped that his wound will not prov
fatal.
If the guards catch one without a
passport they are at once taken to r
jail and held. A few days ago a Ger-
today LYRIC THEATER today
CONTINUOUS: 1 to 11
WILLIAM A. BRADY PRESENTS
KITTY
GOR
DON
IN
Thfe Purple Lily"
IN FIVE PARTS
The very unusual story of a mountaineer's wife who longed
for excitement and thrils, and who obtained them and then But
why spoil an exceptionally entertaining story for you ? " See this pic
ture and learn for yourself what happened next.
L-Ko COMEDIES PRESENTS
"Fathers, Sons and Chorus Girls"
FEATURING DAVE MORRIS, FRENCH IE BIANCHI AND THE FAMOUS L-Ko
BEAUTIES IN TWO PARTS
Balcony 5c Main Floor 10c Reserved Seats 20c
DON'T FAIL TO SEE " E M P T Y POCKETS" MONDAY, JULY 22
erysipelas and it is not expected that
he will be able to be out for a week
or ten days.
THROUGH TO DOUGLAS.
Chas. E. Goetz, the enterprising
merchant of Benson, was a visitor In
Bisbee for a short while yesterday en
route to Douglas, where .he was called
on business, coming over the new
road to Bisbee. Mr. Goetz report3
having just shipped two carloads of
fresh bee honey to England for con
sumption by ehe English Tommies
there.
ADVERTISING FOR BIDS.
The board of supervisors are adver
tising for bids for the erection 01 (he
branch county jail this city, according
to the plans that were recently adopt-!
ed. The bids w ill be opened by the
beard at their next meeting to be neiu
in Tombstone -Monday, August (
Copies of the plans can be seen nt
the orfice of the architect at Douglas
the First National bank building
in the vicinity of Castle Kock near
the old photograph gallery and across
the street from the residence of in.
WAS AMONG THOSE RESCUED. j James L., better known a Ked t.an
Mr and Mrs. Matt I'limo. vesterday non. It was left in the usual pla.v
n tPltram frn.-i their son. I lat night by the owner but this moi-i-
Ahii..r iVuU.wi st-ifin? fiirt lie was! 'nS " Bas gone.'
sate and well. The telegram was sent
from New York. It has been leaniel
that Jnumie Lurctto was not on the
and at the office of the board in Tombstone.
I San Dieirn either. There is Some doub:
now as to whether or not Henry Peter
son was on the boat. The last his folks
heard of him he was on the Pittsburg.
They have wired the navy department
to ascertain his present whereabouts.
TO TRAINING CAM!'.
Ben Chase, son of Mr. and Mrs. B.
S. Chase, of this city, who has been
in tla n-ilinnnl nntiv nf ':mm ftlv !
I SLIGHT RAIN.
; Quite a little shower fell in this dis-
trlct yesterday afternoon and cooled
off the atmosphere: A little water ran
j down the subway and Brewery Gulch
I but not sufficient to make the an
: nual cleanup of the tin cans and other
: debris that is needed. There has not
i been a good heavy rain so far in the
district this year. The fall has been
1 sufficient to increase the water in the
ON SHORT VISIT.
Ed James, clerk of the superior
court at Tombstone, accompanied by
Yita u'ifn nnd Phll'.n TuVA-oiwlnwalri nnrl !
wife, were in the city yesterday from ! l'ing, N. M.. since last fall has
the county seat. Mr. James came over I --eied orders to report at the fourth,
to do a little fence building in his ; ot'ice's training camp at Jacksonville
candidacv for the office which he now ! Florida, leaving Camp tody today. J.r.
holds. As he has no opposition he was employed in the UU
So far no trace of it
has been found although Deputy Sher
iff Gannon put in the day trying t
tocate his missing "Lizzie." It was
thought at first that it was taken by
someone as a prank and stored aav
but it now begins to look as thonirh it
had been stolen. Descriptions cf the
car have been sent out to various out
side points. Thieves show very little
respect for the law when 'hey appro
priate the car of a deputy sheriff.
ROMERO REACHES FRISCO
does not have to make a very stren
uous campaign but nevertheless he
likes to get out and meet hU many
friends in this district.
Bank & Trust company here before
entering the army. Mis parents left
yesterday by auto to Benson to catch
tho S. P. train so as to reach Doming
before he left.
(By Review I.u?.'cl VVir-)
SAN FRANCISCO, July 2D. Manuel
P. Romero, recently appointed ambus
sador from Mexico to aJr.an. armed
here today, en route to his post at
Tokio.
WORK STARTED. 1
The work of digging the ditches for WAS IN ARMED GUARD,
the installation of the underground I In order to alleviate the anxiety
cables for the new service to be In- felt by his many friends. Mrs. J. E.
t..n 1... l.n tlh... I fain atat.ul l;lut tiii'ht ttvif hor son J
wells up the canyon that were KoinK i "": "7. C.Tn. was not on he San
dry.
ROAD WORK.
Repair gangs are working every
where on the Cochise highways and
drags are doing full duty. . (Juite a
large crew is still working on me state Tombstone canyon for some distance
nignway over tne Divme. ine roam
in all directions are generally good
with the exception of washouts not yet
repaired but which do not interrupt
traffic. Good progress was made this
week on the state highway and also
on preliminary work for the bridge
over Emerald gnlch.
Business Locals
Dr. Play fair. Osteopath. 9S Manou
Hill, Mason car stop. Phone Blue M7.
Adv. 231
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following list of marriage li- j
censes were issued out of Clerk J. E. ;
James office during the past week: j
Albert N'. Binlsong. to wed Amalia j
Ramirez. Douglas; Samuel B. Smith.
1 of Ft. Huachuca. to wed Fannie J. j
Anderson. Independence, Mo.; Refu- j
gio Flores, to wed Dolores Rubles, of
Birtleville; Walter Raymond Hewitt,
; to wed Ida Cooper, of Bisbee; Thos.
C. Hall, to wed Lillian Salknlm. of
Bisbee; Rogerio Yasia. to wed S-intas
S. Gaston, Douglas; Marvin E. Stey
vating along the front or the Bisbee j Diego at the time it was torpedoed.
Improvement company's offices on Na-, Raymond had been on the San Diego
co road. The work will require about I for some time up until just previous to
three months lo complete. The con-1 the time it was torpedoed but w as
duits will run up Brewerv Gulch, the I recently transferred to the armed
Subway and O. K. streets and up ' guard. An entirely new organization
created In the navy tne armeii guaru
for merchant vessels to which thou-
NOT ON SAN DIEGO. 1 sands of skilled naval gunners nre
It w as learned yesterday that Allen 1 now assigned the Guard on each nier
Babcock of this city was not aboard chnt ship being under the command
tho ill fated San Diego when she was of a chief petty officer of the navy.
sunk in the New York harbor. He wa i
recently transferred from that boat ' TO THE NAVY.
w ith two other Bisbee ycuths to the j Navy Recruiting Officer Williamson
Pasadena. The others who w ere trans-' yesterday furnished transportation to
ferred with him were Bert Rob rts Ralph B. Yerfurth to El Paso, w here
and Wallace Brewer. They were '.n j he will take his final examination for
New York when Babcock wrote a few ; entrance Into the Cnited States navy. I
weeks aso and the letter stated that j Ralph was raised in Bisbee ur.d utter t
thev were about to leave for Frince. ' going through the schools here attend-'
Painter and Paper Hanging
C J. BRANDT
Bos 150
Thone 4.".6
ROCKHILL'S STAGE
Biabee-Tombatone, Leaves Blaboe
Bisbee Auto Co., 7 a. m, 1:30 p. m. 7
Phone BUtbee 6. Air.
L. L. Gilnian sells tha New Edison,
"the phonograph with a soul"
MATERNITY HOME.
Call Black 573 for terms, eto.
Advrtl?en'.er.t 97
This will be welcome news
many frinends in the district.
INJURED IN FRANCE.
Lieut. M. W. Williams, nephew of
F. L. Williams, agent for the E. P. &
S. W. In this city, has been severely
wounded in the recent battle in France
according to advices received here. He
to his ed the university at Tucson. He ha"
1 been in business for himself for sonic
! time. That he will make good is the
' prediction of his many friends in the
district and will come back with tM
rank of a warrant officer.
DANCE.
C. A A. Band Danes. Warren Pnr".
Wednesday and Saturday. AdmmU-
Ion f.rt centa. Ladles free. Adv. 70
LOST, STRAYED OR STOLEN.
The above applies to one Ford tour-
CARD OF THANKS
I We wish to express our thanks an.!
appreciation for the many kind dee.u
extemied to Us through the sicklies i
and death of our darling b.v
Mr. and Mrs. Charles 15. Fisher,
S7 Irene Luiile Fisher. tltfie
SOCIETY
SECTION
MINING $
SECTION j-
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
MINES, MINING, LOCAL STOCKS AND COPPER
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JULY 21, 1918.
FRICE FIVE CENTS
VOL. 21, NO. 36.
7
IIS
PLAYS PART
IN LEASES
CONSTANTLY INCREASING MIN
ERAL ACTIVITY HERE IN SHARP
CONTRAST WITH CONDITIONS
IN MOST OTHER MINING STATES
DEVELOP RESOURCE
FROM ALL PARTS OF STATE
COMES SAME TALE OF INVEST
MENT FROM FEW HUNDREDS
OF DOLLARS UP TO $50,000
This article deals with ' constantly
greater metal mining activities in Ari
zona by large and small operators, in
contrast with decline in such activities
In other states, except as attends in
vestment in established producers. It
sites the leaser and the small In depend
ent operator, together with largely
financed enterprises which have c-n-.
tered upon development and produc
tion since the declaration of war,
stirred in much part by patriotic mot
ives, the determination to increase the
nation's available resources for the de
fense of its sons, and it points out a
broader spirit of co-operation between
operators and operatives than of previ
ous record. This latter spirit has had
recent emphasis in advance in wages
that was brought about by cooperation
between employers and employes, and i
receiving further demonstration in the
growing confidence indicated between
employer and employe. Relative to
higher investment and development In
the state, the fact is dwelt upon that
the manner in which progress is mak
ing means that at the end of the war
Arizona will be in foremost position
among the metal producing divisions
of the world to take advantage of the
tremendous demand that tnurt then
... - . ,. , . .. t
obtain for immediate and vastlv In
creased deliveries of copper, gold, sil
ver, lead and other metals.
Despite Detriments
Information from other mining
states indicates an entirely different
situation as to investment and the con
duct cf development activities than
that extant in Arizona. Colorado in
particular puts stress upon the fact
that new investment and new energies
brought to bear there Is not in ner
properties, but in established mines
with present earning capacity. It is
one of the unfortunate outgrowths of
price fixation and its present plan cf
making the price from month to montn
or at most from quarter to quarter.
Another deterrent is found In the un
certainty surrounding federal taxation
and in Its inequalities, particularly as
imposed upon new properties, which
must corrmence paying heavy taxation
immediately their production begins, j
no matter how long they may have
been under development without in
come or how many millions may hive
been tied up without interest ia the
interim.
Arizona's Salvation
Explanation of Arizona's different
situation is in some part found in the
fact that a great deal of development
was underway when w ar was declared j is above and below the level on which
with Germany and heavy taxation nnd the discovery has been opened can be
price fixing loomed upon the horizon determined only by raising and sink
Those with good start mad", or-tani- ing. However, if the general experl
rations going smoothly, funds avr.ila- ence had with bodies of similar char-
ble, and much to gain from getting into
ore establishing the commercial char
acter of their properties, found it the
rar of wisdom to buckle down to the
job harder than ever and go the limit.
This is what was done by more than
a hundred organizations in trood stand
ing in the various districts of the state.
Not a one of these has yet made whol
ly good but all are continuing 'o dig
away. It is tme that the patr'otic has
entered materially into the situation,
probably in a larger measure than ma
nv of the operators themselves actu
ally realize, but the business instinct
has had its part.
Another Class
There is another division amonr
new developing properties subject to
still different analysis, comprised of
operators who have started up since
war was declared and who have had
broad disregard of the immediate dol
lar end of it, but wide open eyes as to
the help they could give the country :
by bringing in a little more ore to
make a little more copper. A few
lnrge concerns with heavy financial
backing excepted, U.is class of opera-
tors is confined to small properties
and leasors who have gone after rich
ere in easy striking distance and ar
more appreciative of the fact that they
have given something immediately
available to tlip envernment for war ;
purposes than they are of returns they
have earned from their enterprise and
ability.
Notable Instances
In the Warren district there !s IV nn
Arizona, whose owners decided to pick
the property up and give it a whirl
wind drive for quick results after war
HIGGINS LEASE
BIGGEST IN ALL
LOCAL
Nerve and Business Acumen
of Men Behind Work on
New Glory Hole of District
Will Net Fortune
Leasers on the Higgins property
stand to make around $700,000 between
Vnow and the expiration of their lease
in February. In addition they will
have the high satisfaction of making
available to the government perhaps
as much as a million pounds of copper
the month during the life of their
lease metal that is pure pick-up in
point of gain and is the sole outcome
of the enterprise of a few individuals
to take hold of opportunity.
The biggest clean-up previously of
record on a lease in the Warren dis
trict was that made by the Reed broth
ers, reputed to have cleared $300,000
on their Uncle Sam lead silver lease
on the Shattuck side of the hill from
the present Higgins lease operations.
The Reeds picked up their lease and
won success under circumstances sim
ilar o hose which have won success
cn the Higgins.
In both cases the outstanding feat
ure is that opportunity comes along
underground just as it does on the sur
face: that the miner and mucker in the
bowels of the earth is no more de
prived of chance of making substantial
headway in the world if his eyes are
open and his faculties alert than is the
merchant or the banker or tne reauj
operator on top of ground,
Some of the present Higgins leasers
were miners in the Southwest mine of
the Copper Queen property of the
Phelps Dcdge corporation. In pursu
ing their work out toward the Higgins
line underground in the Southwest
they saw that the ore they were work
ing in and which happened to be ex
ceptionally rich was going directly
toward the Higgins and after they
pondered the matter a while, miner
- . . . . . j j..l. V.., tio
tasnion, iney nau no uuuui uu. mm
this ore did go into Higgins and that
it was probably richer over the Hig
gins line than it was within the South
west's limits. Their conclusions have
been proven accurate.
When they made up Uieir minds that
the ore did go into the Higgins they
set about doing just what a far sight
ed real estate dealer In an expanding
city would have done acquired the
ground in the line of improvement. In
their case they got a lease from Thom
as Higgins. millionaie owner of the
property. Then they interested friends
able to advance the comparatively
small amount of money they Oiought
they needed. But they had more driv
ing to do than they had anticipated
and original funds were exhausted be
fore they got to the ore. It looked dis
couraging and a few of those who were
in on the original financing disposea
of their interests to others, and it be-
came necessary to get some additional
funds into the proposition, the mon
ey was enlisted, however, from men
in t.he district with extra funds on
hand and the requisite confidence.
The leasers are headed by Albert Rerg
quist and Ed Stoltz.
Thus far there is 23 feet of ore cut
and the end not yet. How much there
acter in the district affords a fair line
for the making of estimate, there is
probably upwards of thirty thousand
tons of ore running around 40' r and
for the average content of which 35'v
is doubtless a very conservative esti
mate. The leasers are now shipping up
wards of a car of the ore every day.
It runs better than 700 pounds or cop
per to the ton, which means that if
they suffer no interruption and are
able to crowd ahead with Uieir output
they will make anywhere from 800,000
to 1,000,000 pounds or copper the
month, from which the richness of the
ore in metal content should bring them
with any kind of management 10 cents
the pound clear profit, bo it is not
lore that they have rup into down in
the corner of the Higgins but a regu
lar jewelry cache.
Higgins Mining Company once own
ed this property. Along about 1MU
Higgins Mining was a distinct craze
in the Warren district and in otner
localities that were beginning to
'awake to the fact that the district had
a tremendous production future. Over
a million dollars was gamereu aim i"-.
into the property. It got no results
and when effort was ultimately aban
doned the Higgins was set down as
out of the ore area and in the majority
oninion wholly worthless. Several
i years later leasers took over the
ground and working from the old shaft
and tunnel found some high grade poc-
kets whic h have since been shipped
i from. In the last year there has been
some more determined development
carried on in the belief that a penna
nent ore body would be found, and
HISTORY
MG NEWS' OF
T miiii
JEROME GOPPER
DISTRICT TOLD
Verde Extension Sues Six
Railroads; Power Troubles
End; Diamond Drilling at
Calumet & Jerome
JEROME. July 20 Suit for $1002.!).-.
has been filed in the Superior Court
of Yavapai county by the ' l'niie.1
Verde Extension Mining company
against six railroad companies. The
Verde Tunnel and Smelter, Atchison.
Topeka and Santa Ke. Present t and
Phoenix. Arizona Eastern. Southern
Pacific and EI Paso and Southwestern
companies are the defendants.
It is alleged by the plaintiff tint on
July 14. 1916. a carload of ore weigh
ing 79.500 pounds and worth $i',::.4? a
ton was delivered by the Extension at
Douglas spur, on the V. T. Ac S. below
the mine. It was consigned to the
f'onner Oneen smelter at Douglas. For
reasons not set forth in the complaint
the railroad company r luseu to trans
Dort the ore. thouth a bill of lading
had been issued. Finally the car did
fpt nn its wav but bv the time it
reached the El Paso and Southwestern
tracks it had dwindled by some fifteen
tons, or to 4S.GS0 pounds. The Exten
sion company, however, had to pay
freight on the missipg tonnage.
Power Troubles
Pnwpr troubles of the 1'nitcd Verde
F-vtension are ended, it is hoped, wilh
the construction of a new transmiss
ion line from the mouth of the Hope
well tunnel to the hdit.li shart.
Fur weeks the Extension company
has had increasing difficulties on the
score of power. Lack of current is
(ho nrinrinnl reason for the flooding
of the Texas shaft. Work in the mine
was almost constantly hampered and
frequently interrupted by stoppage of
the flow of electricity from the plant
at Tapco.
Finally the Arizona Power company
arranged for an extra transmission
line over from Hopewell, a distance of
a little more than a mile from the
Fdith That line was rjracticallv com
pleted Tuesday morning. Warning was
given that uie power would be siuir oir
from the IT. V. and Extension for three
or four hours, beginning at G::'.0 that
morning. It was thought tnat tnat
would be sufficient time to make the
necessary conneetiifns and "cut in"
the new line.
This proved to be an undercalcula-
tinn however. It was not until the
middle cf yesterday afternoon that the
current was again switched on. in tne
had been almost
at a standstill in the two big mines
For the greater part of yesterday the
Extension underground force ot some
200 men was idle.
Slow Tunnel Progress
nwinir to the soft ground and the
flnndin!? of the Texas shaft, due to
shortage of electric power, extremely
slow progress is being maue in driving
the I. V. Extension haulage tunnel.
The lower heading is in ground that
is very wet and very soft, necessitat
ing heavy timbering every men oi uie
wav Five feet in 24 hours is counted
good speed in this heading.
The Texas has been flooded ror two
poVs The nower went off four hours
one day and before it came back on.
the pumps flooded. Railing was start
ed and the gallows frame was pulled
nvor Ttv tho timp this damage had
been repaired the water had risen six-
tr or seventy feet from the tiottom.
hich is Goo feet below the collar.
Because of the power shortage
hich has prevailed recently, the bail
er has not gained much head wav.
Whenever It began to lower the level
a little bit the current would fail again
and the water would again creep lib
it la hnnpd that since the new trans
mission line has been built from Hope
well to the Edith shaft hailing can go
forward steadily until the pumps are
above water. Then work will be re
sumed in the tunnel headings east and
est from the Texas.
r-nnilitions are better in the head-
tier frnm the mine end but seven or
eight feet a day is the best Fpeed that
can be attained.
Tho oast heading from the Texas is
only 1200 feet from the lower heading
and the west face is about 190 feet
from the heading that Is being run
from the mine end. Therefore only
nno feet of the Extension's 12.:. nn fool
i,..i,i-j..n tunnel remains to be complet
ed, but the ground conditions and the
mding of the Texas make it the most
difficult part or the work.
Once connection is made from the
lower end with the east heading from
the Texas, the drainage problem will
he ended. That, however, cannot n-
effected for several months, even
iih eood link.
Plan Diamond Drilling
Diamond drilling is practically to
supersede other methods of deve'op
mnnt at the Calumet - Jerome. An
extensive campaign of drilling will be
under way on the GOO foot level within
a few days.
The. Diamond Drilling company, of
CABLE RAILWAYS AID ITALIANS IN VICTORIOUS DRIVE
R-v h- .: - i -. ... I ... , r-'5v' - ..iS
ft v 'i -; i - '". ' 1 ; " w; - I;'.
Cable
During the recent fiphting in the
Tio.i.itaiiioiis section of the Italian
front the ability of the Italian
troops to transport ammunition,
supplies and even men up and
C & A. OFENS NEW
ORE BODY FOR QUEEN
IN FRACTION CLAIM
In drifting from its Del Norte
claim to its Bengal claim the Calu
met &. Arizona company working
had to cross a fractional claim he
longing to the Phelps Dodge Corpor
ation. No ore was opened in the
C. & A. ground but the first round
shot after entering P. D. ground
brought to light ore of a good grade
which has persisted as the working
continued. The new ore discovery
is on the C. & A. 1200 level, or
about 2S feet below the 1400 level
cf the P. 1). workings.
IS INTERESTING
TO ALL MINERS
Great Activity Shown Now
Around Copper Mountain
With Much Actual Devel
. opment Work Underway
P.y F. W. Power!
MAYER. Ariz.. July 11. Undoubted
ly the most interesting place in the
state from a mining Ftandpoint, at the
present time, is around Copper Moun
tain, five miles east of Mayer. More
actual development work is in progress
in that district than ever before and
some wonderfully fine copper showings
are bclnsr uncovered nnd several new
deals are being brought to a dose that
will bring some of the. best copper
properties in the state into the heavy
producing class.
In the older mines, an entirely new
ore body has recently been encount
ered in the Copper Qnet-n mine. fluO
feet below the main adit level. The
mineralized vein is about 20 f-'ct wide,
some of the ore riltinini: into the ship
pint class. The ore body has b en
drif'eil on north and south some dis
tanee which has proven up an ore
sho ; cf profitable length.
It is a very common occurrence '
come into new ere bodies of milling
and shipping trade in the Arizona
IVnghampton mine. The last rich
strike was mad" on the Hun.foot level
and the high crade brought "! the
hea ls the mill considerably in value
The mill h.is been making an excep
tionally fine record both in tonnage
and percentage of extraction. The
capaiiiy of the one-compartment shaft
has been pressed to the limit to supply
the 17.". tons daily for the L'4 hour run
and lhe extraction has been showing
better than per cent recovery.
At the properly of the Copper Moun
tain Mines company, which is the orig-
MAYER DISTRICT
(t'ontlnii";. cn Pace Two)
railway used hi mountains by Italian
down the mountain side with prreat t
rapidity has startled the Austrian
hordes. The Italian engineers con- i
structed cable or suspension rail- j
roads or hui.U to transport am- I
Phelps Dodge Production
For July Should Be Better
Than That
Copper production of the Phelps Dodge corporation this month promises
to be somewhat higher than that for June, it was learned authoritatively
during this week. How much the excess- will be no one is w illing to predict,
but thus far in the month there has been considerably higher mine production
than there was in June.
Favorable reports from the "513" ore body, or as it is better known, the
Southwest body, persist. This body, opened more than a year ago, has
proven itself oiie of the greatest in the history of the district, both in rich
ness and magnitude. It has added new importance to the company's holdings
in that section.
The connection between the S00 level of the Gardner shaft and the bot
tom of the Silver Pear shaft will be completed during the coming week.
This will be important to the underground workers In the Gardner territory,
as it should improve ventilation in the Gardner to a great degree.
The C. & C. shaft will reach the l."00 level before the end of the month.
The work of enlarging that shaft from the surface to the 1.000 foot level
then will be started.
When the shaft was taken over it had been sunk as far as the 1.000
foot level as two and a half compartments. It was determined to sink to
the I.Hmii level and from the 1.000 down it was sunk with three full compart
ments. It now will be standardized by enlarging it to three compartments
from the surface to the 1.000 foot.
LEACH SILICEOUS
ORE FROM PROPERTY
Metallurgists of the Anaconda Cop
per Mining company are, according to
P.utte advices, bending every effort to
the task of mastering the difficulties
of the sulphuric acid leaching of sili
cious copper ores with a good chance
of success as judged thus far.
The copper ores or the P.utte-I!ull-whacker
company furnish the working
basis shipments of that character of
ore to the Washoe works at Anaconda
ranging up to :!oo tons daily with a
saving now being effected of more
than TO',.
It is necessary for the Itulhvhacker
company to crush the ore at its mill
I neiore snipmeni as ine leacumg pi.im
of the Anaconda company was design
ed to receive the tailings from the
Wushee works, which are of a suffi
cient finen.vs to reouire no further
crushiii'-;.
The leaching plant was constructed
i before the full etficacy of the flotation
process was realized and with the lat
ter now employed at the Washoe works
it has been found more economical
and expeditious to "lloa!" the tailings
than to leach them.
The p.ullwhacker ores, of which a
large tonnage has been opened, offer a
means for the emplo nient of the
Icndiing plant, as these ores cannot
be treated by the flotation method.
In addition to the Hullwhacker rock,
shipments are being had trom the
I'utte I u 1 tit li Copper company, w hich
roi k also is of silicious character. The
Untie -I (ninth adjoins the Hullwhacker
The ISnllw hacker ores average around
;.."', copper and the 1 utte-Hiiluth
about l..r.'..
i Anaconda's June pmductloii of 2.".-
army.
munition, men and equipment to
the different troops sections. The
photo shows a hupe carrier with
supplies being: unloaded at the
base of a mountain.
of Last Month
S00.000 pounds was the lowest which
the company reported in the past four
months, exceeding only January and
February, when operations are gener
ally curtailed by severe weather condi
tions. When compared with May last
month's output was I'.fiOrt.OOO pounds
lower, a somewhat disappointing show
ing, it being the general belief that
production would continue to improve
for some time. When contrasted,
however, with the corresponding
month of 1917. there was an increase
of n.400.00. This sharp gain was di
rectly due to the fact that a year ago
in June Anaconda was not operating
at capacity ow ing to a strike of miners.
For the half year Anaconda has pro
duced a total of l."7.7S4.0nO pounds, a
decrease of 4.StHi.O0O pounds from the
same months a year ago. and :.71t.0'0
pounds under that of 1!H!. At the
present rate for the full year Anacon
da should show a total of approximate
ly r.13.000.000 pounds which would com
pare with 23.".t'.27.0t" for 1917. This
abnormal gain now indicated is the re
sult of the strike which hit Anacondi
hard for four months. September. 1917.
shewing production of only L'.SOO.noO
pounds. As a matter of (a t Anaconda
did not really get back to normal for
the rest cf the year.
I!y the increase in the price of cop
per to IS cents Anaconda stands to
benefit to the extent of approximately
$:1.50 per share based on the current
rate of production. A part of this in
crease, however, will he consumed by
the higher freight rates now prevail
ing. I'nlike other companies Anacon
da will not be compelled to pay the
higher smelting charges as the com
pany has its own refineries.
I BRITISH BOMB MANNHEIM
LONDON. July 20 - British aviatois
on the night of July 1S-19 bonibml and
damaged the Hens works at Mann
! heim. Germany, the railway station at
' Heidelberg and blast furnaces at two
i other points. This is announced in an
official statement trom the air min
istry tonicbl
NEW STRIKE
HAY ASSUME
IMPORTANCE
HIGH GRADE ORE OPENED IN
TWO PLACES ON GROUND Or
MARKS-MEYER GROUND LOOKS
VERY PROMISING FOR FUTURE
OF NEW CONCERN
NEAR HIGGINS LEASE
FULL FACE OF GLANCE IN DRIFT
RUN FROM PROSPECT SHAFT
TO GET UNDER FOUR FOOT
LEDGE OPENED 150 FEET HIGH
ER UP ON HILLSIDE
A mining strike In the western end
of the Bisbee district which may as
sume greater importance as work pro
ceeds, tock place early in the week in
the workings of the Marks-Meyer Min
ing and Leasing company, just west of
the Higgins ground. The entire face
of a drift, being extended freni a ."0
foot prospect shaft, sunk for the pur
pose of getting in under an ore body
encountered higher on the hiil, now
is in what appears to be high grade
copper-silver ore. The extent of the
new discovery cannot be announced
at present, but as the formation is
much the same as that surrounding
the bonanza strike made in the Hig
gins lease in April, and the ore is sim
ilar, there seems little reason to doubt
that new and important resources
have been added to the known ore
zone of the Warren district.
The Marks-Meyer company was
formed here early in April to develop
claims owned by Mrs. Maggie Marks
of this city. It was capitalized at a
lewr figure, there being but lf.00'
shar-s at a par value of $10 each. Vrs.
Maggie Marks, her husband. Emil
Marks, and J. K. Meyer hold almost all
of the stock, none of which is on the
market at present, it is understood.
Following an outcropping of rich
copper glance. Mr. Meyer, who is di
recting the work, sank an incline shaft
which as it proceeded, showed the ore
to broaden until the shaft was bot
tomed with a four-foot vein of copper
glance and carbonates at a depth of 40
feet. A number of assays from this
working proved the ore to carry from
.1 to 25 per cont copper and as hi?h a
70 per cent silver. No shipments have
been made but about two carload.-; of
this ore was removed during develop
ment and now is on the dump.
Proceeding 200 feet westward, and
about 10O feet lower down the hill, a
30-foot shaft was sunk and from this
a drift was run eastward to get under
the ore in the incline. At a distance
of 40 feet from the shaft a full face of
high grade was broken into. Whether
this is part of the ore body opened up
by the incline shaft or another body
is not known, but the prospects for the
company are considered excellent as
a result of it. The chances that a
large liody of shipping ore has been
blocked out seem good. While no as
say returns have been received, the
very character of the ore and its higi
mineralization leaves no doubt that it
is extremely valuable. The discovery
was made at a point only about Oii
feet frcm the rich ore being worked
in the Higgins lease.
TO REPAIR ROAD FROM
PRESCOTT TO WALKER
W. S. Comer was in Prescott from
Walker this week and wett before the
board of supervisors regarding the re
pair cf the road between Prescott and
Walker district, as much mining is go
ing on there and a great deal of traf
fic passes over the road between the
two towns. The hoard agreed to look
into the matter. Mr Comer owns val
uable properties in Walker district and
is one of its old time residents. He
savs a Guggenheim expert recently
visited the district and pronounced it
one of the best in the state. KspeciaW
lv enthusiastic is Mr. Comer about the
Plack Diamond property, upon which
he says there is a shaft down 200 feet
from the bottom of which two levels
h:e been run. one 73 and the other
SO feet upon 30 inches of high grad
lead and gold ore. with some silver.
Mr. Comer believes there Is $100,000
in sight on the property. He says that
if there was a good custom mill in the
district there would be twenty more
mines working and paying; that John
Hurrows and Lester Rnffner iiave a
fine showing of molybdenum ore in
the Star mine, north of ine mountain.
Mr. Comer's North Star and North
Pell mines adjoin and are on the same
vein as the Star. The North Star has
an 100 foot shaft and other workings,
the assay of the ore giving Talues of
$rt to $:!5 a ton gold and silver, cent
nd a half copper and 32 per cent iron.
vContinucd on rat;e Two)
(Continued on race Two)
(Continued on Tar,e Two) THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JULY 21, 1918.
TWO
FATRIOTISM PLAYS
PART IN LEASE
PER SHOWS
country by their cutcr.ip for there is
no over burden of any sort i:i (he ore
herring ili.-tr'.ct Some cf the pending
deals will l.e advanced enough in t ie
!i"Xf few days so they eim lie made
public.
Mining and Financial News
S ASSAY CO.
FAIR S!X MONTHS
BY REVIEW LEASED WIRE
(Continued from rage One)
THE DOUGH
NEW YORK. July -'0. Trading in
stocks today scarcely warranted ex
tended descriptions, the transactions
totalling 140,'H'O shares. Specialties
uncer professional direction contribut
ed more than their usual yrgportion.
Such speculative issues as Sumatra
tobacco and industrial alcohol were
lilted 3 to 4 points, tobacco product
and distillers 1 to V,i and the local
tractions about a point each.
United States steel rose the better
part of a point at one time. Other
steels were equally irregular and co;
pers, motors and oils were only occas
ionally auoted.
Kaiis were acain ignored
Koiewortby changes in the bank
statement included a decrease of f 17S.
OCO.ouo in actual loans and discounts.
l'onds were steady. Total sales, par
value, aggregated $1.733,t'00.
United States bonds, old issues, were
unchanged on call for the week.
WEEKLY REVIEW
NEW YORK. July 20. The securi
ties market was firm to strong, the
prcater part of the week, investors as
well as professional traders deriving
considerable encouragement from the
Franco-American successes.
Trading was in moderate volume,
however, with an under-current of
caution,, begotten in large part of the
stifier money tendencies and related
deterrents. It is still too soon to
measure the importance of the latest
war news, but in well informed quar
ters the military events were regard
ed as an offset to immediate adverse
domestic developments. Wall street
is watching with increased interest the
government proposed policy of war
taxation, but there is a growing con
viction that further penalties will be
equitably adjusted.
Bankers evidently enterain no fear
of undue pressure and the soundness
of the investment demand for high
class securities was shown by the
ready sale of the Bethlehem Steel
$50,000,000 notes without recourse of
federal aid.
General business conditions are
more satisfactory than a few months
ago, although fully 83 per cent of the
production in most lines of industry,
especially the greater essentials, rep
resents war requirements.
International bonds were responsible
to the war bulletins, especially Paris
6's. but that issue failed to remain
more than a small part of its 4 per
cent advance. Liberty boiuls com
prised the greater part of the' domestic
uond division at nominal changes.
GRAIN MARKET
CHICAGO, July 20. Drastic liquida
tion sent the corn market down again
today until prices were off about 5c
a bushel, compared with the high point
before the Franco-American counter of
fensive began. The close was nervous,
1 to 2Hc under yesterday's finish,
with August ?1.5s to 11.50";, and
September lc to lsRc off at $1,517 to
$1.52.
Oats lost s; to 7c net.
In provisions the outcome ranged
from 2c decline to 15c advance.
Bearish sentiment due to war news
iiofl fnrt her ininetiis from the ner.
feet weather prevailing throughout the
corn helt. 1 ne agareeaie primary ir
ceipts for tne wets were me laiKe.n
t'n years at this session. Coverings by
shorts was the only rallying factor.
Oats declined with corn, but the sell
ing wnc nf nnlv a scattered character.
Strength in the hog market gave
some lirmness to provisions.
CLEARING HOUSE GAINS
NEW YORK. July 2". The actual
condition of clearing house banks and
trust companies for the week shows
thi't they hold $74.4efi;0 reserves in
excess of local requirements. This is
r.n increase of $1S.144,150 from las
v.eck.
FEDERAL RESERVE BANK
WASHINGTON. Juiy 20. Gold re
serves of the twelve federal reserve
banks increased $13.OO.OiiO, bills dis
counted $44.nfi().f!00, and members' re
serves, $49.0nn,oii0 during the last
week, according to the federal reserve
beard's financial report tonight.
NEW YORK COTTON MARKET
NKW YORK, J.ily 20. Cotton closed
at
NEW YORK METAL MARKET
NKW YORK, July 2l. Bar hilver,
un h mged.
NEW YORK
L. J. OVERLOOK, Erok'
Closing Quotatins, July 20,
Anaconda
American Can
Anuri'-an CaY
American Sme'tcr
Ameiican Sugar
I'a'.d. vi:i
UethY'hem Steel B
C. & O
Canadian PaciMc
O ntra! Lf at'-er
'r:ii?)lc Steel
llistii'r.rs
Erie
Godrich
Industrial Alc:hnl
Marine
Marine, Pfd
ttidval-s
Mexican Pelruli'UTii
New York Central
Rep. Steel
; ii't. b..kr
f-lee'
:r
1918
.. 67
. . 4S
.. S5--i
.. 79',
..im;
. . '. ' I
. . S3'i
.. 57
..ID
. . t;a ,
. . ',!
. . 75 ',i
. . 1314
. . 46 Vh
..12t U
.. 27
.. !Svs
.. 52 li
. .1"0'4
.. 7214
.. S9
.. :2',
.. 10'.,
. .lOT'a
Ugly, Unsightly Pimples
f;ivi Heed o ihe Warninrr.
rimplcs on tho face and other
parts of the body are warninps from
'-.atu'-e that your blood is sluggish
and impoverished. Sometimes hey
foretell eczema, boils, blisters, Fcaly
eruptions and other skin disorders
that, burn like fames cf fire.
They mean that your blood need;
S. S. K. to purify it and cleanse it of
these impure accjTnulatic-ns that ran
cause unli'mit'd 1rnub1. Tres rTr."dy
is the greatest vegetable blood puri
St. PauJ
Southern Pacific
Union Pacific ..
United Motors ..
Westinghouse . . .
.. 42
.. 32 V,
.. 42 ;s
BOSTON
Adventure
Allouez
Alaska
American SHRDL. SHRDLU
Arizona com'l
Butte
Calumet & Arizona
Calumet Hecla
Calumet Range
Kast Butte
Gran by
Greene Caranea
... 50
...51
...
SHKOL
... 14'',
. .. 30
... tiit
...455
... 4S'i
... J
. . . To1 2
... 43
... 20
... 6',4
...25
... 1
... 53
... 54
... 3
... 5S
... 1P
...
... 4.".i4
... 51'i
... IS
. .. 6S
... 24
...
... 4U
... 2k
... 52
... lo4
... lis
Goldfield
Hancock
Indiana
Keweenaw v. . . .,
Inspiration
Lake
LaSalle
Mohawk
North Butte
Nippising
Old Dom
Osceola
Pcnd Creek
Quincy
Ray Con
Shattuck
Shannon
Sup. Boston
St. Marys
Utah Con
Winona
CURBS
Arkansas & Arizona 1
Arizona Silver King 9
Big Ledge 1
Butte & London 15
Calumet &. Jerome 1
Cornelia
Con. Arizona 1
Con. Copper 5Vfe
Curtiss 39
Ilenn.
Dundee
Emma . . .
Federal Oil
Gadsden
Green Monster 1-i
Grand Island H
Glebe Dominion
Hull n ,
Howe Sound H
Jerome Verde Vt
Jerome Victor . . . . , Vt
Magma Copper 32
Magma Chief J5
Miami Con ,. 2
Pints Jerome "i
Tilts-Jerome 36
Porphyry 65
Ray Hercules
Tom Keed 163
Tuolumne Us
I'nitcd Eastern
Verde Extension 37 M:
"erde Combination ai
Wolverine Arizona IVi
West End H4
White Caps 31
Wright Martin 10 Vi
OATMAN
By Collins & Bretherton
Bid Ask
.02 03
02
.15
.02 .05
.04 .07
.02
.03 -04
.02
.15
.02 .03
.02 .03
Si ."7
1.05 1.C7
4.12 4.25
.02
.15
2.50 2.75 1
.50 .C2
.15 .20
.75 .87
.04
.P,G .40
.50 .50
.07 .''S
.15 -1G
.OG .12
.40 .45
.15 .20
1.55 1.75
.ti .75
.02 .05
.'lo
.00
.C3 .70
l.OG MS
.15
Argo . . r.
Adams
Arizona Rex
Arizona Tom R
B Jim Con
Boundary Cone
Gold Ore
GoM Road Bon
Gold Cliff
Lucky Boy
Sunnyside
lelluride
Tom Reed
1'nited Eastern
United Northern
Red Lion '
OTHER CURES
Gadsden
Green Monster
IJutte London
Dundee
Venture Hill
i'itts-Jerome
Jerome Verde
Ark-Arizona
iironie Portland
ins-Needles
Ilu'l C-ipper
Magma Chief
vVolv-Arizona
Verde Combination
Vliami Consolidated
Xacozari Consolidated
Verde Apex
fvrphyry
'aluniet Jerome
V'eat'aer River
HIGGINS LEASE BEST
IN LOCAL HISTORY
(Continued from rueoOne)
ncouragcnieiit has not lacked. The
leasers operating on the Southwest ex
tension, however. Uad an (Mil ire sur
prise up their sleeves. Nobody else
had figured on ore ovcMhat way. At
the end of their lease in February,
eight months ahead, the chance is m
linitestimal that they will git a re
newal. The 25'.; royalty they are
now paying will look like a bat-'atelle.
The owner of tho property will have
abundant reward awaiting, however, m
the development that has conic to hi -i.n,in.riv
un.l tlio thousands of tons of
F' 'l'l'.J
high
grade that will be left to mine.
Tht Old Silver King mine in I'iti n
(O-.mty will soon be produ-ing ug"in.
Are oignais or raa Diooa
fier known, and contains no mineral ;
or chemicals to injure the most deli
cate skin.
Go to vour druc-tore, and cci
bottle of S. S. S. today, and tret ri 1
of those unsiphtly ami ilisfipurin
pimples, nnd other skin irritations.
And it will cleans yourl'looil thor
oughly. If you wish special radical
tidvice, you can obtain it v.-i'hout
rhar? bv -riintr to Te';cal PirT
W. 'JO ?.-ift Laboiatory, AllanU,
Geonra.
was declared and who since June last
have spent more than $1.0!0.i'0 ami
are now getting- around to where they
ill iiavo -li!iii. p iii know if they are
going to w in the anticipated large pro-j
ducer. However, lenn has been (
brought into some production and is
helning the nation by that much, and
each month since last October lias
been making a little more copper, un
til last month its receipts tor tne urM
timu hmir. pvwi wiih the costs of de
velopment being carried on and from
which the production had neen iiiann) 1
w on.
Others Coming In
In the Donn class of enterprise in
point of ability to work because pos
sessed of plenty of money of which
the Denn owners have any amount, is
tiie Keiniger-Freeman enterprise In
the San Xavier district, wiere since
the war strong financial interests in
control have put up' hundreds of thou
sands of dollars and are now reaching
the stage where they can anticipate
some production of ore to help with
the metal needs of the nation. Shan
non Copper Co. is another that has
put large impetus behind new develop
ment. In Yeager Canyon, since t-':e
beginning of the war and is winning
success. The Kay Copper enterprise
of United Eastern interests is another
that has entered upon real develop
ment since the war. New Dominion
represents' the Globe district in the
honor roll, while Porphyry Copper in
the Miami district has jumped the
aetivitiea several notches and arrived
at the near important production stage
since the war.
Among the Leasers
Largest honors belong among the
leasers, who have had least to go with
and The largest odds to contend
against, particularly during the last
months of 28 Vi ct. copper and the dis
couragements of constantly rising
costs of all kinds. In the Warreu dis
trict those on the Higgins property
probably stand to cam the largest re
ward. In their recent rich strike they
have thus far determined 25 feet of ore
with the end yet to come and have
nrnvi.it nn a valuable new area. Be-
side numerous copper leases, some ol
. . , . . v . . .
iiw.ni inv.iK-inir Howards of JoU.OOu in
vested capital but the majority confin
ed to a comparatively few uunurca uoi
lars. all making some output of ore and
thriving patriotically to do a greaier
share of production, there are a num
her nf mancanese and tungsten in and
arcund the district which have unhes
itatingly crowded their work forward
regardless of price fluctuations. The
Kay district has many leasers, and so
has Globe, Miami, Clifton, Morenci.
Jerome, the Bradshaws, Weuden and
other localities.' All of tJiese are able
to get help as they need it; nave tne
encouragement of large operators and
of capital in tiie various centers of the
state adequate to their needs.
Strong Contrast
This situation in its entirety is in
strong contrast w ith portrayals coming
from other mining states. It works
back to the deduction that there is
more cooperation under war stress
between capital and labor in the state
than ever befcre and more than is gen
erally prevalent in other parts of the
country, and that in Arizona u ce:i
tered HDon the advance in wages oc-
iirrpil throuch the advance in metal
price won by the joint endeavors of
employers and employes and the ad
vance' that both are now working for
in other ways. Differences which
would interfere with this are buried
in the interim; propaganda that would
aid the kaiser through stirring up
strife or opening old sores is frowned
upon and does not get far. It is con
! fined to a narrow circle of pacifists.
adicals and pro-Germans. It is not to
be gathered that these are not active
and that they do not continuously keep
at their endeavors to insidiously sow
discord, sometimes boidly. But the
great bub: of men at work in Arizona
are digesting everything that is told
them, looking under the seriate of it
all and having to do with nothing sus
picious. Willi every day that tins
manner f thing prevail.-, in the state
its position and the sin ng;h of its loy
al men is made more formidable as a
material aid to the governme-.it both
as to the immediate lime and tho fut
ure. Maintenance, of the spirit means
a unit of wonderful strength at the end
of the war one prepared with its new
!v developed properties and its thor
oughly equipped and expanded estab
lished' properties to enter upon the era
of doubled ami trebled demand lor
metals as no other mining division ol
;lie world will he.
MINING NEWS OF THE '
JEROME DISTRICT
''or:tir.uoii from l'age Or.)
San I'rai.oU' o. v. hit
ing lor the Jerome
having one nf iis
.-h'l'i.cd b'T" ior t In
!. is doihK the di 'U
Verde company, is
hiv,t M ni.it hiio s
Calumet & Jerome
lis tai.aciiv is 2"'"l loot. .Mr .rem i.-c
C. A: .1. compressor wi'l bo used to
drive it.
First of ail. s. .oral holes will be
out down on an antic from the 'I'.u
ioot b -1 t" explore the promising
showings opt M il m tiie vicinity of the
shaft. There i- a great tie 1 oi' !' rib
and ch'ilcopv rit- s'alteicti tiirt.ogh t'ne
scl ist aiounii the shall and tln re e'uld
weil be several re bodies at a ii'tle
greater depth. i':at;ons ure n .' I'. i:..'
,ut for t!ie.- lir.t holes. Wa.n t'-e
;i rrritory ne.w the : ball i Ih'.r. .ug.. I.-ilrili'-I
a" iv.l-er of l'-" h le- v. ill be
drilled in t.'i- (".ciry Xi tho oo'.'i ot
;he Co"foot sMtion.
():p..r "il" i 1h,i! :. ji- opt rat -i " ol
l.e seel fl'la! V '.. He- dHllltK. '
land en.;
: cut I 10
fit y n
-I lit w.
; w ol 'go loi v. a:
, net interfere w :
.1
so tar a
ilril'ing. A i i'
in erossi
rk is being pro. .
1 v.hi.'n has ad-.
"ltd
tit No
"o'll.
i more :h
'the 'i'l1'
lei t soul hw ,n .1
li
out
ion. .noi ol
No.
No. 1 i
I-Ti it.
,.i hi
a: : '.ik:
. I'l l'- .
v.v .il '.
w ha h
I git v. oil 11. .Ill No. 1.
jnler. -eeled much pi' .linsill g
' and tiie l it e is ii.iv. in a o-'H
material. .'.'" M cros
' v- i'l"' . ht g.i-d o.ie a:ol ' i
I , . . I -in e .i n ol. i " ' ! :
na'ive ccp;.f r and l)-i!r.:'.e in 'l'i trt '..
Yiami Copper Company reports for
June an cuiput of 4.;!'2.f.54 pounds oi
mpper. This is about Hnii.Onu pound
less t-'ian the June l'.17 production i.nd
ii , .in m riiiinim lu'iow me .ia nsun
of this vcar. The output tor the first
six months cf this year totals over
29.ooti.uiMi pounds, or more than Mm).
OHO pounds below the showing for the
corresponding period last year.
l asing output for the year on the
first six months' production Miami
would show a total of more than 5S,0ti0
ooo pounds this year, a record figure.
Uast year during July and August the
company was seriously crippled by
labor troubles which cut down t'::e out
put to about 90.000 pounds in July an'1
25O.HH0 pounds in August, and produc
tion did not get back to normal until
the latter part cf the year.
Considering the difficulties which all
mines are encountering this year, the
searcity of miners particularly, the
company has made a very good show
ing for the first six months. The new
price of 2 cents a pound for coppe?
will undoubtedly be an incentive to in
ere.ased liroi'.iK'tion for the remaining1
si: months of this year, and although
the price has been fixed only until
August 15. it is expected that it will
be continued beyond that date.
MAYER DISTRICT
IS INTERESTING
TO ALL MINERS
(Continued from Pa fine)
inal Stoddard mine, the Jerome con
tractors, Bradley and Holtz. have put
the old shaft down to the 250 level. At
the 100 level, a shoot of ore was pass
ed through on an incline which is tin
same ore body from which years ago.
shipments of ore were matle. The shaft
is to be sunk to the 500-ft level.
Thi. Hiir Unir fnnntT company has
made the strike of the season on its
property on the northeast side cf Cop
per Mountain. Ore camen at the sur
farp w.tirn a shaft was started on a
promising outcrop which shows strong
cepper stains for a distance of over
20H0 feet. At a depth of 50 feet only,
ore that will run from 20 to 25 per cent
in copper has been encountered and
the ore body cuts; dear aoross the shaft
bottom, eight feet in width. Indica
tions are that this ore body is an etior
mmis deposit of copper ore taking in
the whole mountain side. Numerous
pits have been sunk along the north
;iid south strike of Uie outcrop which
have shown the same character of ore
as that found in the shaft. The north
line of the Barbara mine is within
about 400 feet of the Big Bug shaft in
direct line with the south extension of
the large ore deposit. The Big Bug
"omnanv .has recently been reergan
: ...A Tlw.jt. interested for tllO niOStiliin lClltle Irolll Wall tO Wal! IS HO lO! I
part reside at Kl .Monte, t. aiiiornia. it is a low giatie gom i'ioiosui.m, ui.u
The Pocahontas people are going next tc the hanging wall there is euht
right ahead with the mill construction, : foot giving an average assay value ot
having the necessary machinery for a 1 $12 per ton; that there is eight feet
5u-ton oil flotation unit on the way. ! right under this giving an average as
Numerous ore tests have been made on j.say value of a ton: there is also a
the ore taken from the several shafts six inch streak of sulphuret ore giving
and tunnels and there seems to-be no !tii assay value ol" from two to three
,.cii i,i,t thnt the old 1'ocajioiuas
ii i k.,,.nia inin tho nunclass.
it is now u, e.. u - .... - - - -
Iduce enough ore for the contemplated
mill and there will also De siiipmems
cf high grade to be made as the lower
grade is taken out. The Pocahontas
mine is on the south end of the I'op-
per Mountain belt and the values run
more in silver, lead and gold at the
present levels but copper lias been
making stronger in the last work.
Tlierp are six entirely new mining
ie-ils now nendine on properties in
this Copper Mountain district wnicii
are located along the strike of the
ore bodies that are being developed by
the older companies, t'la ni surveys
are being made, engineers' reports
prepared, and examination made by
.1.1.111 well known mining engineers
who are making their headquarters at
M;rvcr for the time being. The amount
of capital Involved in the six transac
tions foots up to the. tidy sum of SIS".
000 for development work alone. The
principals in the deals who are making
the reports and examinations come
from New York, two of them. Boston.
Cleveland. Bishee and California. One
erv important mining engineer, after
maiiiiir a careful examination of the
lot. nation around Copper Mountain
w hith took him into some of the pro
ducing mines, has expressed himself
... ,,... r,.i.iwi i.vitv kind of rm k in
H at camp that makes up the forma
hat cam., that makes up the formn'ion
f :he Jerome mines. His report will
ave par:i.-ular weight with one of the
itrt.-t av.d strongest operating .op!"r
.:ni-i!!ies in tni:. state which is in
h s Maver lieh! looli'ng f..r prti'iiish:;-
o.,. r 'nrooeiM. .. The interest. tn:
'
this Mayer field lf.li'iig f..r pri
eonoer iirinei-:ies. The intcrosl.ntr
feature that ;,pp"als t the isitin
niining men is the case wiih v.: i. h tae
ore bodiei can be traced through t'a"
awn
F
Annual Sale on
UNREDEEMED WATCHES,
DIAMONDS, FIRE ARMS, ETC.
$1.50 Working Watch, 93c
$1.50 Alarm Clocks, 98c
5.27.00 Wattlu-s, all makes, cut to $7.35
$15.00 io $65.00 kaijroaJ Watthcj, ail niak.es,
as low as $1 5.50
1000 OTHER BARGAINS
Diamonds for Loan ami Interest
LO(jK In Our Windows LOOK
United Loan jewelry Co.
Brewery Gulch
SALE GOING ON EVERY DAY
Copper Situation As Seen
I By Boston Financial News :
( opper consumers point out that the
governments representatives could
have taken action to protet t them on
the contracts they have on hand. v. '.i;!e
prcdui-ers miduiain that the dei i.-ioii
actually puts the 'natter "in the fir."
They assert that the War Industries
Bot'rd first inlorme,! the product, r a
what figure he can sell .his metal, and
then declines to take stt ps to readjust
tho contrails between the first hand
consumer ami !.is customer.
As a matter of fact it is true tha
the Lt.c price is a
maximum and not i
minimum, and there
tire producers and I
consumers could come to some a croc- '
ment between themselves, hut it is net
to be expected that the producer, who
is facing higher costs monthly, willl
voluntarily aszree to accept lower
price for his metal, which can be s M '
to the government at tiie high figure.
The uncertainty over this si! uatior 1
lias Resulted in a comparatively small
ccpner market so ar as sales are con-
cerned.
While i'ie demand is large
Hi sati-fy ail the sellers, the
i enough
latter are not
inclined to take all the
hil:illews wlllil
is being offered them
lidding that the government might
take some action later, which would
again throw- the entire machinery out
of adjus! incut.
It is likely that the matter will be
taken up for consideration again, un
less the coppee consigners are told
that the views expressed in Washing
ton are final. Just what would be
done in this circumstance is difficult
to forecast, and the users cf tiie nicti l
themselves are not willing to make
any prediction.
Production of the mines of tiie coun
try is on a comparatively large scale.
all t-he properties doing everything pos
sible under the handicap of a shortage
in the labor supply, and the difficult .
of obtaining si ine articles which ar.
necessary. lit. never, the miners wh i
are st '.l wor-iing are doing well, and
not a few leading officials of cornea:'-ie:-.
admit that the efficiency of 1 1 -"
workers has increased to some exte i:
due, in their opinion to the patriotism
which is now sweeping the country.
BOOTJACK GROUP IN
HUMBOLDT LOOKS FINE
S. IJ. S inds owns the Bootjack
group of two claims this side or west
of Humboldt which have three hundred
feet of development work. They art
near the McCabe and Present t road.
He savs the groun is one e!" the bos'
'prospects for big mom y to handle, a
: (ituiars a ion. -ei to ami on me -
wnll Is Dornlivrv. o.- or 4" leet oi
it.
uliirli asmvs from Y1 to SU! a ton
gold. As this property lies near the
roan, ana is eas ci niio,mi. n.
that it is well worth looking up.
A $12,000 electric lignt and power
j,mnt bo nst ailed at the boys anil
irs jn,iUSiriil school a' Port Grant.
-
Bandits entered the home of a Mex-
..nn woman at Morenci and forced
her to turn o er nearly $5e0.
tj,;...itii5'
'y . Kcro yJ 'i fn-m vmx
' U'p,i. K I N E L I. O
5 :.3a. B!c!. w T-.tir.!t
I i1--" -;;;;;'i-r.i"t:f;:.i'
.'Z'.'u r..rr.r',u;.n '."cr-i ' V''- . j
Pv i.i-rjoru.iMi.cM.tii.a.-
IK McDonald's M.tri.
nello Shop, Tel 205
e;
I, -..;.. -i- v " t a - . vi- i
?.t : -o- l " ' -v. Vi
ll ! 1 1 ' ! ! i V
Kb
ASSAYLRS CHEMISTS METALLURGISTS
AND ORE BUYERS
SPECIALTY RARE METALS AND ALKALIES
BOX 1031
1103 G. Ave. DOUGLAS, ARIZ.
Bishee Lumber
EMIL MARKS, MGR. LOWELL
To Holders
BcivJs beating A per cent interest should
be exchanged n,ow for those bearing 4a
per cent.
WW
HOTEL-RESORT and TRAVEL DEPARTMENT
Reliable information, suggestions, reservations, no chi.-ge. We espe
cially desire to hear from parties, lodges, societies, and orgamzatior s.
Auto stage tickets and- seat reservations secured. (Daily service. San
Francisco to Imperial Valley. Camp Kearny, Riverside Avtat.on Field,
etc.) Autos furnished for private use. reliable, competent dnvera, ga
anywhere. Write, phone, or call. LANE'S TBAVEL SERVICE BUREAU.
822 W. 6th St., LOS ANGELES. CALIF. Phones: Pico 1007, Home 1074X
LOS ANGELES
. Hotel Lee
Sixth, and Figueroa Streets.
Modern European. Rates, 75c to J3
Rcom with bath $1.00 up
Special Summer and Weekly Rates
All depot cars pass the doer.
Garage connected. Cafe next doer.
Wm. B. CLAKK, Prop.
NEXT WEEK
We will show the first advertisement of Cornell Wall
Board. Watch for it and see the many uses this can be
put to and ihj pleasing effect it produces. Repair that
roof before the rains don't have an Arkansas roof fix
it befoie.
Gibson -Hincs Lumber Co.
J vmi Phone 88
L. J. OVERLOOK, BROKER
Correspondents: Paine, Weber S. Co., Boston, Duluth, Calumet.
LOGAN & BRYAN, NEW YORK AND CHICAGO
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
AND HIGH CLASS CAFE
The: best ol everything at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Spctu-l 60c luncheon daily. Also $1.00 dinner from
5 : 30 to 7 : 30 p. m. Regular Board by the month, $4U;
$10 by the week.
Henry Poppen, Manager.
THE DAILY REVIEW WANT ADS BRING RESULTS
The Body of
Our Paint
Is pure white le.-!. It is mixed with
turpentine or pui linseed oil ac
cording to whether it is to b used
for in or outside work. There la no
grit In it; no adulterants to make
its manufacture cheaper. Paint ex
perts always get their supplies
here. Wouldn't it be wise for jou
to follow that example.
Company. inc
CAR 8TOP. PHONE S.
DAIVTTW
LOS ANGELES
Gates Hotel $1
Fireproof. Sixth and Figueroa Sts
Cafe and Restaurant in Connection
Close to Stores, Theaters and all
Car Lines. Los Angeles' Finest
Tourist and Family Hostelry
TAKE TAXI AT OUR EXPENSE.
Lee Holladay, Pres. and Mgr.
Geo. A. Collins, Sec'y- THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JULY 21, 1918.
THREE
News of Social Circles
By Lee Brown
Some one has changed the name of
the dancing man to "tue coudi cootie"
and well named he is, for this type of
man is fast becoming passe. In days
of yore, the world was his, to trip the
light fantastic toe in a pinch-backed
stead. Critiiih, Scott, Hayes, Tolly.
Chain, and Krantzen were present
with Mesdames Daily, Arthur. Will
iaius, Hardin and Leisman in charge.
VZ
The A. F. F. V. has pins and metals
to st 11 and the proceeds w i'.l be sent to
suit, to say the nicest tilings in the j tile war stricken country of France to
Mrs. M. E.
the A. F. F.
want in t lie-
nicest way, winning all the fair maid
ens hearts with Huyler's and Ameri
can Beauty roses. This was the acme
of success in the world of society, the
lion of the day in other words. I!ut
now that is all a thing fading into the
dim vistas of the past, the man of the
hour is one who goes forth shoulder
ing a gun with a debonair uniform grac
ing his stalwart form.
How popular these brave lads are,
simply surrounded by girls. No mat
ter how much ancestry one may be
blessed with to don the khaki or work
5 : -he edict. And woe to the man who
i, soon he must take a back seat
. . ,i.-e room for a chap who is not
; . . ..j. It must be pretty tough to feel
. lie's self utterly ignored by girls who
knit so adorably.
This is a most sensible view taken
by the American women, exterminat
ing the "couch cootie." It reveals the
patriotism of the Miss who at the
dance wishes to have her slender
waist clasped by none other than the
boy in olive drab. In the intricate
turns of a one-step it is quite a com
fort to have an arm clad in khaki to
lean upon. Knowing that he w ill take
her memory to the far off fields of
France with a song on his lips "The
Girl I Left Behind Me" and in his
heart the resolution, "We Wofi't Come
Back Until it is Over, Over There."
The French, that dauntless race, ev
er ready for sentiment and romance
but fighters too, have a proverb.
"Find the Woman." It means that at
the bottom of everything there i? us
ually a woman, to encourage, cheer
and inspire every good and heroic
deed. So it is in the power of these
little white hands of the modern girls
to wield the scepter for good or bad.
A fairy wand to help earii eligible tha , CVcniiiK
tney Know ro assume cue? iuic vi. i
hero. I
It is utterly impossible to be apart
from the war in these busy days, with
a rush and hurry to Ited Cross work
rooms, when every thing that we eat
savers of it, everything that we wear
breathes economy with a blccnning
war garden, and no summer vacations.
Who could condone a "touch cootie?"
g g g
Mr. and Mrs. C. F. Ma'tin and family
of Cananea are guests at the Copper
Queen hotel for a few days after their
shopping has been finished they will
return to Mexico.
U
The following women sewed at the
Garfield school Thursday and made
1;0 Carrel surgical dressings. 4 suits
of pajamas, 8 hospital shirts: Mes-
dames Blunt, Williams, McUeein. Wag
buy chickens and rabbits for the sup
port of the French children. These
medals and pins sell for lilty cents.
The medals commemorating the en
trance of America into the war on the
side of the allies. The pins hae a red
white and blue Ha?, with the inscrip
tion "I hae a chicken in France"
printed on the lace of it. Any of the
ubue mentioned women have these
for saie unci would be very glad to
make a sale for tnis splendid cause.
''- ''
W. W. Henneiing chairman of the
A. F. F. W. of Cananea sent in the sum
of $:;u to state treasurer U. C. Unflith
to be cabled to France from New York
the first of this week.
M. Franizen chairman of
W. has filled a lung felt
capacity of organizing an
entertainment committee auxiliary,
composed of younij business men and
w omen of the district known as Le
Cercle de Jouiicsse Draiiiatiuue
(young's people's dramatic club.) Of
ficers, president, Miss Agnes Barrcgo.
first vice-president. Louise Story, sec
ond vice-president, Mary Fierce, treas
urer and assistant, Itoy Norton and
Florence Wilson, secretary and assist
ant, Kfl'ie Raines and Floyd McGangly
advance and press agent, Mrs. John
Kainey and Mrs. Chas. Hardin, organ
izer and manager, Mrs. M. K. Frantzen
The membership is limited to as
follows: .Misses Lillian Larson, Helen
Lightford, Dewey Butler, Messrs Doug
las connoly, Delor Des Lawiers, Dan
Thomas, Joe Dunkerson. Marvin
Dunkerson, Shorty Stevenson and
Evan Larson.
The club met w iih Mrs. John Rainey
and Miss Agnes Barrego last Tuesdav
A Hawaiian trio and other
entertainment gave a most enjoyable
program, then the hostess served re
freshments. The guests were Messrs
Gold Itoss Willing and Miaki clad boys
of the infantry stationed at Lowell.
The club w ill give a dance and a good
play in a very short time.
ihe Misses Josephine Clou;b'er and
Lucy Caretto al the home of Miss Ca
retto, July Uuth. This club turned
SSi'-oll into the Red Cross lor refresh
ments served at Warren Park Jj'v
tith.
ir 't
Three little girls, Gladys and Mar
garet Giluian and Dorothy Jackson, by
name, gave a Bluebird may and made
4u, which they gave in at the Ueut,e
I ross ishop. It is every I it tie bit that
helps and the spuit of America is that
every little Ifit will help win the war.
V i
There is a scarcity of children's
clothing and women's shoes at the Red
Cross Shop. A request has been made
that this be remeuied as soon as p-j.v
sible tor there is a demand fo- ttiese
things constantly.
i i
Of Interest to Women
ner, Brownlee, Flayfair, Farnelle, Win-
The local committee of the A. F. F.
W. shipped on Friday one box contain
ing ten pairs of pajamas, ninete-r.
ambulance pillows, one scarf, 475
slings, three comforts, one child's coat,
fouf women's coats, one infant's coal.
twenty-five pairs of war boottees and
fit,.. .... In. 11m n. ..no ll...ll III'lLI.J I -"
r ; ! . their honor the last week.
's Kr
Anona club met at the .lome of Miss
Ix;naine Cain, Tuesday, July Kith. Kv
ening was spent in the most useful
things imaginable, knitting and sew-
' ing. Next meeting will be held with
At the Red Cross headiiuarti i's in
the Klks' Hub looms, July 1Mb, fol
lowing women served: Mesdames
Hurley, B. S. Chase, J. T. quick, D.
Fia fair. 1'. A. Looinan, George Moore,
J. Radclitf, Wm. Grant, Kd King. A. 11.
Brownlie, Ben Domieo, D. W. Math
ews, C. Marun, F. C. Hurst, II. Fierce,
D. R. Handeock, Luella Snodgrass, il
O. Lockling. J. J. Falton, J. H. Blair
The articles finished were twenty
six hospital shirts, and two suits un
derwear with .rs. F. C. Hurst i.i
chaige.
ti iS
The home of Miss Ivy Ferry was
the scene of a pretty and quiet wed
ding Friday night, when she was
married to Mr. J. U. Berry, advertis
ing man of the l'helps Dodge store.
Tile Reverend Harsimian of thj
.Methodist Episcopal church officiated
wiih only the most intimate irk-nds of
the bride present, a few teachers that
she taught with in the Bisbee schools.
The bridal couple left for Los Angeles
where they will make their future
home. They will leave a number of
friends behind that will ::iiss them.
1 ut will wish them success in their
new life.
,f h;
A miscellaneous shower was given
in honor of Miss Ivy Ferry, now Mrs.
J. U. Beiry, on Thursday night at her
home on .Quality hill. Numbers of
beautiful jfifts were received by the
bi ide frqm her school teacher friends.
j IS
i Mr. and Mrs. Carl Trischka and lit-
tie son Jack, left Bisbee Tuesday for
j an extended trip through the east,
j They will stop over on the way to see
lMrs. Trischka's brother. Will H. Wil
j son. who is at Camp Funston, also Mr.
j 3'rischka's brother, who is at Camp
j Custer, Mich. They will visit relatives
i in Chicago and Philadelphia and then
I go to the home of Mr. Trischka's r:""
' ents on Long Island.
! Mr. Trischka intends to join the
I army in the engineering department
Many entertainments were given in
Their many-
friends regret to sec them leave,
i
There are two separate and distinct
varieties of summer clothes, those of
town wear and those for wear in the
country. This year the general tur
moil of war compels people to spend
summer in town, for war work
must be done in spite of the warm
weather. Stiil there is much that may
be done in the country, too. so the
resorts will by no means be deserted.
with the gold. (Vris
magic in shoulder straps
ove r.-kirt, and the gold sa
finishes with a great cerise flower.
For the Man
Men who are particular alo;t their
dress this season will present with
special force the problem of selecting ! great
bis clothes with an eve to tneir deli- bi 1 i.
nitp utiliiv. It is not :i time for need-, ea re
I Company, is in receipt of a letter from
' Albert House, formerly an employee
' of the Standard Oil Company here,
and an enthusiastic member of the
i"Y." He wrote on "Y" stationery from
tulle adds its!-N,;w Vork ri,v- ,Ie '(,ft Bisbee about
and a flut'fv ; three moiiMs ao anu is now on a sud
bed waist ' marine cnaser. ne remarKeu, we
were out lor clays patrolling anout
NHJ miles off the coast. We never
sighted
al S. ()
the ho;s.
And so the re must he an unlimited sup-; less dec oration nor is it a time lor ' "
:ilv of summer Costume; r:il true '. r'ck ess eiriments. it is a vear'0 v
summery costumes designed to be above ail others when in which simple
worn with the cool green country as a, common sense should be displayed in
background. The costume must be the selection of a suitable w jrd. obe.
smart for out or town wear, vet simple I i or example there is the easily til
and practical enough to satisfy the .ting, slipon overcoat made of
:ii subs, but answered sever
S calls." He savs it is a
ie. b.;; that he hopes to be back
j e ii:e day. His address is
War C;.:i.p Community Service i'i
-i JTtii St., New York City, and
mild be glad to hear from some of
The Y. -M. C. A. affords every man
and boy in the Warren District the
covert I opportunity of learning to sw im. The
Two dollars is the niiniminn price
for Arizona-Grown wheat, it was -jii-iK.unccd
by State Food Administrator
Riordan.
women who will not reconcile extra-' cloth w uicu ras been prov ej sunn tent-;
vaganc e with patriotism. I ly to withstand showers. And for sue li
Red and white cross bared linen j ""owe- as Bisbee is bles.-'ed w.i.i, this
fowling makes about as smart a ten- wouid apply nicely,
nis skirt and hat as you can think or. I 11 '-s cllt rather loosely with raglaii
The square necked red wool sweater ' shoulders and convenient pockets.;
...,1 ti.P ti d kerchief linen sJiirt. with, Such a coat can be worn in both city
its rolling collar complete the chic of I country or.
a sports dress.
A navy blue wool jersey is equally
v eil adapted for looking on sports or
being apart
plunge is open every week day irom
'j a. :.i to lct:;;0 p. m. There are reg
::!:,r i.i - s for boys and a special
c i.is.-- ! it ne a who w ish to learn. This
i hi.. :.; held eve ry Monday, Wednes
day r.iid I-1 ith:y at :15 p. tu. AH mem
lii .-. of I in . 'en's Department are priv
ii, mm to u-e the plunge at any time
there is no regular class in session.
of them.
A morning tro k of black and white
checked gingham has collar and cuffs
of white linen with a line of drawn
work. The frock is all a tub frock
should be very simple but much de
pends upon the cut.
Some of the costumes appropriate
for summer in the city are clot'ies for
mal enough for dress occasions yet
cool enough for comfort an evening
gown that though It has sleeves, or
what come under the head of sleeves,
is charming of smoke colored chiffon
over peac h colored satin and gold net. i yachting.
is a traveling garment
It is sufticiently light to he carried and
not to be burdensome. The straw hats
will be worn both in the conventional
boater shape and in a bloc k much like
a Hoinberg. Split straws espec ially
; of the coarser w eave s may be used.
a::d for men who want a hat of ex
itreniely light weight, Panama or lcg-
horn straws may also be worn in the
; conventional block. There are signs
of the return of the cloth hat for wear
in the eity as well as out of town.
; These hats have the advantage of light i
I weight in solid cedors, of which a k!:a Several personal inquiries and phone
ki shade is very good and in checks, j calls have come in relative to volley
; The very useful cap should not be for- j bail. The eight o'clock club is just as
trotte-n for traveling, juotoiinir toif or i Popular as it was last January and
I. A. Strong, an enthusiastic "Y"
member for more than a year past,
left Tuesday night for Portland, Ore
gon. Mr. Strong has been employed at
tins Junction lor some time past as a
machine man. He intends to work in
the shipyards and thereby help the
great cause along. The Association
w ishes him the best of luck.
The girdle is of dull gold and beaded
with gilded wood beads. A pretty
wrap to be worn with this is exc eed
ingly practical, but so fetching that no
one remembers that. Made of Geor
gette crepe in an exepiisite shade of
old blue the only concession to warmth
is the becoming collar of moleskin.
Tulle youth's summer comrade,
shows fresh possibilities in a scheme
Shirts for summer are of a profusion
of types and material-;. Silks, madras,
c heviots and flannels are still popular.
They are made both with plaited and
plain bosoms and many colored shirts
have soft collars to match, attached.
These collors as it is true of the white
turnover collars are low anil have a
form that is very comfortable. .Me n
are insisting more and more on abso-
iiiany new men anu some ot
timers are entering the club,
is always room for one more,
get into the game.
the old
Geo. Stoltz. a native son of Bisbee,
and a member of the "Y" for some
time past, left fer El Paso in
Vo a cail from the navy. The
hand of the Association goes
George.
2rt, at 8 p. m. AH are welcome.
Subject, "Life."
ST. JOHN'S EPISCOPAL
Sunday school, 9:45 a. m.
Morning prayer and address, 11
o'clock, followed by celebration of thu
Holy Communion.
ednesday, choir practice, 7 p. m.
Wednesday, Vestry meeting, S p. m.
JACOB M. WHITE, Rector.
PRESBYTERIAN
Sunday school, 9:43 a. m.
Morning Bervice, 11 o'clock. Sermou
topic, "Our Faith as Affected by ihe
World War."
Evening wo'rhip, 8 o'clock. Subject.
"With Our Boys in France." Illustrat
ed with stereopticon slides.
ALLAN KRICHBAL M, Pastor.
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE
Christian Science society of Bisbee
holds services every Sunday morning
at 11 o'clock in the new I. O. O. F.
hall on Subway street.
Wednesday evening, testimony
meeting at 8 o'clock.
The public is welcome and invited to
attend.
Subject for Sunday, July 21. "Life."
SEVENTH DAY ADVENTISTS
Sabbath school, 11 a. ni. Bible study,
12 o'clock.
Service held in church back of ga
plant, front of Copper Queen hospital.
Prayer meeting, Wednesday, 7::j'i
p. ni., and which everybody is cor
dially invited.
For further information call Red
S53.
Rev. A. J. Irwin wf'l conduct relig
ious services Sunday, July 21. as fol
lows: He will preach in Warren at
11 a. m. and in Don Luis at 8 p in.
CLASS SOCIAL
The Excelsoir class of the first
Baptist church will entertain the
Fidelis. at the church, 8:30 p. m.. Fri
day, July 19. Ail members and friends
nf lioth i-lnsmw ar inviteil tn Attend
""t-i?! ' anl 10 helP nlake this social a suc-
glad
with
of white, black, and emerald over 'lute ireeelom irom annoyance in uieir
flesh chameuse with silver braidings. ! clothe s, especially lor warm weatherj
it fhnrn n ' and this applies with particular force : Y
sash of tulle, black and another of j to tne matter of collars, lioth throw
green ribbon. i over scarfs and bow ties w ill be worn
Materials and workers may be scarce ! this season and for the most part rath
hut with tinsel ribbons that make sea j er quiet colors will prevail. Slightly
green net into a charming plaid. The j starched soft collars give every e,vi
gow n starts with flesh satin, acWcd de nee cf being popular for informal
bindings and a gringe of royal blue i wear.
ribbons and ended with a garland. i The most suitable shoes for the
An improved Empire mode gives the j warm daysYif August will be found to
simplest lines the beauty of silver be those of whiter buc k skin fitted
brocade and edgings of silver lac-e. : w ith a side of exceedingly thick blac k
Whic h are of course, becoming to the i rubber. This type of sole is very
heavy white satin that hangs in four ' springy and serves to give one an ex
straight panels. A foundation of flesh 'cellent grip upon rough roads. The
colored charmeuse trimmed with : shoes may be made with plain toe.
cream lace and a beaded ornament j with tee-cap or brogued. Brown leath
and the gown is lovely. er low boots. citheT plain or with
The glory of a gown of tinsel cloth broguing, and he avy. rubber sole of the
doesn't ston at its gold color for it is i spongy type will also be found useful.
lined and bound with cerise colored
satin. Where the sheath like skirt
The following boys have joined the
M. C. A. since July first: Leonard
Cunningham. Graham Hicks, Claud
Gilman. Walter Herriman, Sam Whal
Jey, Harold Maddern. Leo Medigovich,
Mark Medigovich. Clarence Lundgren.
Karl May berry, Geol Lobb, Clemo Mc
Callum.'jack Rigg. Mark Ruff and
Gerald Reese.
The Churches
cess.
IT STOPPED
I
Said
Mrs. Jaynes, Speaking
Lydia E.' Pinkham's
Vegetable Compound.
folds over and touches of
make the bodice brilliant
the cerise
oombined
Buckskin .has become exceedingly
hard to obtain, on account of the war.
It is nevertheless one of the most de
sirable materials fer summer shoes.
B2&
mf Tli " 'fi "
ito ourw-
niTF&ClflFrj
TTT&TJ
13 Jt?
D
'-1
This will be the hist month the REVIEW route carriers will collect
from subscribers. The system of having the boys collect the monthly
subscription accounts has been found very inefficient and unsatisfac
tory and has been suspended.
Hereafter all accounts will be collected through the main office and
each subscriber will receive a notice of his account through the post
office. The increased cost of materials and labor have forced us to
take this step which is directly in line with the request of the ar
Industries Board. Their instructions to newspapers to conserve a;l
possible paper and materials appears on the front page of this morn
ing's Review.
Therefore: We request all of our subscribers to pay their subscrip
tion accounts direct to the office as the carriers will not collect after
this month and subscriptions not paid in a rectsonable leneth of time
will be discontinued. Help us abide by the government instructions
and "get by," despite the fact that expenses have increased three-fold.
We will thank you.
WEEKLY NEWS LETTER YOUNG
HEN'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION
OF WARREN MINING DISTRICT
FIRST BAPTIST CHURCH
Sunday sMiool, i:43 a. m. We have
a class for you.
Morning service. 11 o'clock. Theme,
"Taking Courage."
Divine service in City Park at 0
p m.
Junior and rienior B. . P. L.. 6:4j'
p. ni.
Kvening service. 7:43 o'clock.
Theme. "The Importance of Taking
Warning."
Prayer meeting, Wednesday, 7:45
p. in.
The public is invited to join us in
these services.
H. C. COMPTON, Pastor.
It is ciuite interesting to know that Group
! sn f:ime'fl .1 nersonane as Napoleon, ! Minnesota
who was supposed to have died on the
Isle of St. Helena, has recently taken
cult a membership in the Association.
He is a carpenter for the Copper
Queen. He may not be the same Na
poleon, but anyhow that is his name.
Henry Aiken' says it is a mistake
about his quitting the Y. M. C. A. He
says he would not rjuit the Y for all
t!ie girls in the whole country, but he
expects to continue to dance with them
as he has been doiug since his sojourn
in Chicago.
The following list shows the stand
ing of the various states relative (o
the last War Work Campaign. The
amount deposited from the state to
the credit of the War Work Council is
(fi'vi-.h- -ilci, ttw lf.r-'tlt:CL'f Cf tile
fjr ! amount subscribed:
V Group A, 100
V
Ohio
Tennessee
Missouri
Iowa
Student Fund
Voreign
Under 70
::4.l:i:!
2,Sit!,i;L2
2S0,:;:',:!
l.Ol-'.'.'Bi
t;.v:.i4l
2!i.N4.")
1,"37.77
G'J
fill
2
4''.
;3
METHODIST EPISCOPAL
Sunday school, 9:43 a. m.
Public worship, 11a. m. "The Pow
er of a Good Life."
Kpworih League meeting. 6 :;': p. m.
"Jesus' Love of the Outdoors."
Public worship, 7:0 p. m. "God's
Call."
Praver mietfiig. Wednesday. S p. ct.
CHARLES W. HARSHMAN, Pastor
Total $41.197.rS.Hi
National percentage received
5s!
Dewey Walker, of the Standard Oil
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE
Informal Christian Science meetings
are he Id on Sund.'y. at the o'ul War
ten county building, corner Arizona
and Tenner avenue, at Warren.
Services will be held Sunday. July
Id
AndVrfon, S. C. " I pot into an aw
ful condition with what the doctors said
was an org&nie dis
placement. 1 would
have pains so badly
that they would have
to put hot clothes on
me and give ma
morphine. The doc
tor said I would
never be any better
f , I w uncut an cperu-
i y" tion and 1 would
; , A never nave any
children without it.
A neighbor v:ha
knew what vour
r , . - .
" mecicme would do
. advised me to give
I.ydia t Pir.kham 3
etretabi e Ccm-
reound a trial. I did
i-f ' I r so and it made me a
well woman and the next September I
gave birth to a healthy baby boy."
Mrs. Sallie Jaynes, 37 Lyon St..
Anderson, S. C
The letters which we are constantly
publishing from women in every section
of this country prove beyond question
the merit of this famous root and herb
medicine, Lydia E. 1'ir.kham'a Vege
table Compound.
mjrrt i...-n
I w t I w. tm ,v iv
mm
1 V
vl v
REVIEW
WANT ADS
RESULTS.
BRING
The Bisbee Daily R
eview
Your Paper Every Day Ccforc Breakfast'
; V. yonims
Vermont
j Delaware
Croup
Mississippi .....
Louisiana
iji S-sv J.T.-ey
Massachusetts .
Montana
trff West Virginia .
fii : California
ri Rhode Island
l i ':
jjv . ( il.labonia
f a Ne vada
f :J Illinois
E.rj Cr'incp'icut
Colorado
! N' v Hampshire
"J Orci ui
. Ne rth Dakota ....
jj Washinirte'i , . . .
fe'i Groep
f'-J Main..
f-. Florida
Z vivk
p. J Ti n Ivimia
A
T K.-.-e-kv
In.l'.i
( '
.irolina ..
Nibraika
Group
Arizona )
New Mevico) ....
West Texas)
Wi.-e-oiisin
Kansas
Ali'l.iinia
Mb hiyan
I Msl oi ( 'oliimbiii
Seilltll Ciindiiia .
South Dakota
and Up e
A ..,r.,.i",e I'i iiI P
? 4.". 4 47 le.", iM
14::.71m; liel'S
DU.ri4S lt'O :.l
B, 90 -100 If
'(i.-,. noil i!i J ft
,S7.'."it ! : T
2.::ii:.47u ',K j r
" ir..-,.ii7 !: j3
list;..-,:::: !,"8
l12.r.L7 !-.;
l'tj.ltis
::i.7:is !t!g
4.'2'.:: :'..'. i S
l.2;7.i::s .h ; B
::i;u.4r. ! J:
27:'!eiiS !'( B
ji;s i;i; jm ft
l.-,li.n!it '.hi S
. :.i:i.!Ci :i ;
C. E0 -90
L-:.r..r.!..-. y, 2
liil.eoo S7 5?
i.-Jl.-,.c:;i f7 k
r,-,ii!i.::::s ' '
. ... 4--.:' ! 1 j
4i.-..'c'u M .r
i2L,..v;7 y-
m .
i.-,d,ts': mi 6
D. 70 -80 1 1
1.-.J.417 V-' g
7'i".!' I ! 7 i
r,::n r.t 'i 77 ti
IdV.C.l ll il. 4
. ... 1 ('..-..: 1 1 7-i a
1 '.I.e. el :!
:::...;s g
l "i ;..' 7i,
172,'J".) 7" fiHUffini
Gas Fired Water Heater
For Attaching
to Your
Range Boiler
IVovklos abundant supply of
liot wvtcr at reasonable cost.
CY.ll ,;l rJVir tLcrc and ask for
d'.'nto:.itrtiliop, or nvikp rc
tmsi t or representative to call
upon ou.
I il
t i
I s 1 I
ijj 1 1
''it i I
1!
II! ' jl
If
i lSi
Bisbee Improvement Co.
Vin:;.r.i ..
t'4 i".nr;i.i
rJi lltdl.lll.l
.1 ..1 ,
1 fk.i 11 ! S ; 7' FOUR V Z 7 - 7 . " - : THE B1SEEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JULY 21, 1918.
I 4000 Men Wanted iMklSAt! ExcePtional J" i
M For Y. W. C. A. Work Overseas UMmWCUml Summer Skirts $
-if' Volunteer Today l"00': At One-Fourth Off ;
Salary sufficient to "p8 The BaCe Of Our SumiUCr What to wear with pretty waists is no puzzle for you UJ !
i3 dependents. Inquire 720 CaplesBIdg., El Fasolexas. T f r ll J A IT If Aff when you see these pretty skirts-unless our varied
gj n- Suits for Women-One-Fourth to One-Halt Ult -1 m
r3 lu6 Ol ifllillllGlV Here is absolutely the last chance for women to add one of these fashionable sum- you a n t-but a little
feD J mer suits to their wardrobe at these low figures. The size range is somewhat thing jike tnat is an ad- X jfs'Hjl Lrjj '
f-T broken but there is still good choosing in serges, gaberdine, pophn, taffeta, and vantage, for you can get gBA ff
W7 -lv messaline. A good assortment of colors are here as grey, navy 'kakl' a becoming skirt for every jkuSM ,K
--4iSS mixtures, green, tan, black and white checks. Priced from O.NWUbKlH to summertime purpose. f & 4Jn
Jl 3?SSJ ONE-HALF OFF. It impossible to de-l kTYl '.V ) ij
rSfl - scribe in detail each model f rfi?37fMl4 fir ,
j" -v VX, so we ask you to visit the lrrfM i I " I
L5D - L JL -L Jn store to see tnem- r&nffnM 11 '
."U jJil FIV Sport stripe skirts, jrtTlU
0 '&. V tfpJV MX white woolen, wash satins jjff4UU -f
A iMiiV Mil I y Ml and white serges that sell SfffSW Q
L1 y&7S fc fP;pft f. t ljX V. U ' W imi' PjU regularly for $12.50 to iHjKtMrJ W
Pj feg Mffll f IUM Ml $10aYre now marked to SpP EH
U X y y40PHH I Fl I rSA fclTOH OFF. Seeour exception- IA HH
W ..--V--o ia4jLU PTXP al line of summer wash & ItjJ
-VjUj - skirts on the Bargain j Ijl
3 v. Th.s.yie,cfu,eHour Blouse Values That Encourage Economy BJ ifj i
Hi . " At the Lowest Prices of the Season . , I ( ,
Wi . p , , ., . , , , So pronounced is the vogue of the blouse that every woman will want several KOTIPV PflrfKOk S i
The Iarge St C 1,6311 W C WC models of each type; dressy, tailored and for sports wear. To meet this demand 1 dlltj 1 dl aoUla ZZj
fTZjf placed on sale a few weeks ago is rapidly disappear- satisfactorily as to style and quality and at the same time at savings that are certain j- j
lZj ing. The extraordinary low prices we are quoting here to interest the thrifty, we present a collection of especially selected models at re- Une-rOUrUl UII Xfi !
52 make them bargains, and the styles and shapes we markable prices. conspjCUOUs by their
13 still have on hand includes enough variety to mee t DlmlCn0 beauty, yet without even a suggestion of gaudiness.
J the tastes of all of you. At the low prices quoted here (jpe (Hi tlline anQ LingeriC DlUUSeh They're by far the most beautiful we've ever seen.
HTsoMoorr GeorgettelBlouses Specially Priced fiilL!! M
gj l?vri7toxi ..p...l At One-Fourth 01F At One-Fourth Off A Very Exceptional Sale of 2
If Hats valued up to $15.00, to close out. CgC 0 . d chine and Georgette An exceptional showing of the season's . J- TT J 1 w "!
special a. - W ineaCwnderfu! collection best sty.e, in lingerie bloUSeS o or- AttTaCtlVC HanQ BagS
In this lot are some very exceptionally hat CM QC of t he best models ; the colors are grey, gand.e and voiles in a larSe variety of o f
B --'""----z::::::-:-. 3T??o ,,3lSS,iwSt On the Bargain Booth Monday g j
1 Cotton and Silk Foulards STLTs ofe-og E8oiofe ,7 fj
I . VULl 1 ( one or more of these under-priced bags. They were jy,
W These are in unusually attractive patterns in a large I IT 1 J J-L Vllnnrf Tfnivirr IVnin purchased long before the rises in price and that is why J
! fW variety of colors, a 36 inch width that sells regularly Wp HqVA HarkeQ tll6 rOllOWUlS lteillS VYOVl we are able to offer them at the low prices you will S
! .34 for $1.00 a yard. To close out we are offering this M V, nuiv A 1 O 11" find them marked. All made of good sturdy mate-
S 81 SDecial 50c Yard Our Yard Goods Section for Quick belling ',h to a mst "-p- g
3 I ' 28-Inch Galatea 35c a Yard r g
S TIipjp Rpantifiil Rus 28" ,ri1cCrr Make Your Porch a Summer-Time B, ' i
I S t Outdoor Living Room
I fJC-j XimiJK Will HrflCC ITn Dress Ginghams-Buy your children's i school dress ginghams r--; rrC-t
! eefS nlll mebb Up now. For a few days only we will offer them at the fol- W77t-J' Pf 'M
i Your Home ' Crr:. J OS,
: & -K "Real Swell" Silk Tissue Shirting at $L00 Yard f ' S
f- SJ Silk Tissue Shirting a very popular dainty cloth for worn- ,; Mjfe J&d LM lZL
en's blouses and men's shirts. This is a very small price fFf -V Nn o
IXJ , . j , t, i for this quajity of material. At, the yard $1.00 Ki Kltll J S
ZT No argument will be required to induce you to purchase them J ffall rhoice Hph WrLJV IJ &
once they come within your vision. Being in a large variety of 35-mch Gmgham Silk :in a splendid weight taffeta-all chmce fTTfH XflgT pLW 1"
4 colors and designs, selections can be made from them to harmon- plaids-at the yard ----- frfej MiSPi X8 KH
J ize with the hues of the walls and the furnishings of any room. : Tissue Ginghams Fuie Voiles Sheer Foulards that former- it Rg) nYfo. Vr
W We' can't recollect when we have ever shown such a complete ly sold up to $1.25 a yard. For a quick clearance we have ' Jb s
' 'J-f' assortment. ? j marked them to go at the yard 69c with a few comfortable wicker chairs a rocker or two a table jTWj
jf- g-jl I and a luxurious settee you can turn your porch into an ideal V-i
S Electrical Conveniences for Your ?YZT. &zqpz
54 n f L ftiilflJ I f7 y J7 i purpose, and our moderate prices are an added inducement tor
E Summer lomiort i MzaJ yziKO the fullest extenL &
Here are a few of the things you can find in our furniture section : i Qjjf 77 v TPG LAZZ
fort. Included are electric stoves, irons, waffle irons, percolators, ; 12
Buy a Good Refrigerator and Help pjf.
ji iTTT' 1 1 UbWcutglasssthlKrrtrdii Win the War by Saving Food S
P Od COOk StOVeS SaVe YOU WOrk ; 1 reflects the light rays brilliantly and has a I p00j kept 8Weet and fresh is saved from spoilage and waste.
!5 l if H sparkling polish and finish. It is a heavy You can depend upon our refrigerators for food-saving refrigera- j
B ! mRm anQ MOneV g,f S- fi.rf Phed tion They are well built of sea- . Q
: .JteMAu-li WllU AHVllvj i polished outside. The artistic cuttings are J i! j i f::QT,J ; fn?t?t?y3fom 'f""1 ftl
P; C..n.- ... , , . , , u -: 5 M ii l j j ( sonable hard wood, tinished in v-P'.-vV a ;
Vi?! S&.it.T i Kitchen work is hard enough at its (j all hand made. sondUC ? I H
i9 ; S - i .best. Why make it any harder than J GeAnuine cut glass can be distinguished golden oak color. I he walls are ; : A rT
LSj j f 4 -S-B ,t absolutely necessary? Use oil. A IS from any other, because it has four im- heavy and well insulated. The food i 'li4ssss V . IjW
Vy. ji ' good oil stove will do any work ilj portant points: brilliancy, ring, weight and compartments are enamel-lined and' jf?t$ AV;rrTT
fllJgl that your coal or wood range will finish. fitted with removable non-rusting fej I '"2
hrt! SS'yff do At the same time the work j shelveg HHaS-- J SV
11 LVtr&YW H'" Government experts have shown , fSSSr--n
IE! Q i Jati Iwlw E