-. -
"Twelve Pages
TWQCTIONS
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service.
PRICE FIVE CEft.fi.-
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1918.
VOL. 21, NO. 129.
OFFICIAL WASHINGTON AWAITS
REPLY
AS
Recent Happenings in Germany Will Have No Effect on
Modification of Armistice Terms of Surrender As Laid
Down by Marshal Foch to the German Envoys in His
Ultimatum, the Answer to Which Is Momentarily Expected
WASHINGTON, Nov. 9. The tremendous news from
Germany that the kaiser had decided to abdicate was heard
in Washington with scarcely more than a ripple of interest.
Everywhere the question was asked "has the armistice
been signed?" So far as the American government knew
late tonight it had not been signed and the prevailing belief
was that the German answer to Marshal Foch could not be
expected before tomorrow.
To members of the government, and diplomats who a
few weeks ago would have been amazed and gratified, the
announcement that William II, had bowed before the will
of the word was" accepted as a thing to be expected.
There was no statement from the White House or other
government sources. President Wilson, whose demand au
tocracy must go" has been blazoned upon every response
to the German pleas for peace, was waiting.
He wanted to know who follows the kaiser and wanted
something more than a decree by Prince Maximilian sent
broadcast by wireless to prove that the kaiser and his power
actually have gone.
The one thing that officials emphasized was that what
ever might happen within Germany at this late date, could
make no difference in the military program of the allied and
American governments. There will be no modification of
the surrender armistice terms which Marshal Foch has given
the Germans until 1 1 o'clock Monday morning to accept or
reject and unless the acceptance is forthcoming the uninter
rupted advance on the victorious armies will continue until
the white flag of surrender appears.
Military men as well as civilian officials and diplomatic
observers regard acceptance of the armistice terms, harsh a3
the Germans may deem them, as inevitable. Knowledge that
the army is beaten and soon must be in retreat across its own
borders probably to join in the revolution at home, is re
garded as certain to force the most obstinate among the enemy
to yield within the time allowed. As to the effect of the
kaiser's decision upon the speed with which the German re
, ply might be sent to Marshal Foch, no one was prepared to
speak with confidence. The first thought was that with the
promulgation of the chancellor's decree the courier probably
had been started back with instructions that the armistice en-
. . . . 1 11 1
voys waiting within the allied lines accept ai once ana unu8
hostilities to an end. But it was recognized "as a possibility
that the socialists apparently takeing the reins laid down by
the war lords might attempt to make their ascendancy the
basis of another appeal for discussion or modifications in the
surrender conditions.
The wireless message quoting the chancellor's decree,
proclaiming the abdication decision and renunciation of the
throne by the crown prince was received here first late this
afternoon through the British wireless press. Later it was
officially announced at the state department that the same
message had been picked up directly by the American naval
wireless from the great German station at Nauen.
The belief here is that if the Hohenzollern dynasty ac
tually has ended, William II, like Carl of Austria-Hungary,
knowing the time of his going was near, Tefused to permit
history to record that he signed the document which must
completely destroy German military power and require Ger
many in advance to submit to any terms of peace which her
enemies may choose to impose. The Austrian armistice was
signed just as effectively as could have been done by rayolty
by the Austrian chief of staff, with whom General Diaz, the
Italian commander-in-chief dealt as the responsible spokes
man of the defeated army.
Likewise, the German army may have a cessation of
hostilities whenever it pleases, if competent spokesmen ac
cept what the United States and the allies have offered
through their commander-in-chief.
1 When it comes to a conclusion of permanent peace, of
course, the victorious associated nations will deal only wjth
authority set up by the German people fully warranted in
entering upon an international engagement. The terms of
armistice will be sufficient guarantee that the Germans will
not again endanger their neighbors while this government is
being set up; the conditions of permanent peace whic hwill
be dictated will safeguard the future.
The world's indictment against Germany for use at the
peace conference is being prepared. Much already has been
done. Today Secretary Lansing made public a protest he
had forwarded to the government at Berlin against mistreat
ment of American prisoners of war, including putting them
to work in mines and withholding packages forwarded for
TO FOCH'S TERMS
TIME ALLOWED FLIES
! . 1
GERMAN COURIER HELD
UP BY EXPLODING DUMPS
(By Review I .eased Wire)
AMSTERDAM, Nov. 9. The Ger
man courier bearing Marshal
Koch's armistice terms had some
difficulty in crossing the German
lines. He was led to believe
through the blowing up of an am
munition dump with a series of ex
plosions that the Germans had not
ceased fighting, but he was inform
ed of the cause of the explosions by
wireless and instructed to pass the
German lines without delay. The
terms are expected to reach Berlin
momentarily. It is now thought
that a reply will be sent so -as to
reach General Foch's headquarters
within the next 12 hours.
AMSTERDAM, Nov. 9, (By the As
sociated Press.) German troops have
crossed the Austrian frontier into
Tyrol and Salzburg.
The Vienna Neue Freiepresa re
porting the presence of the Germans
In Tyrol, says that the Austrc-Hun-
garians supreme command has pro-
tested to Berlin against the pasagse of
uermans inrougn ausitoui ibiiiwij
and that the Austro-Hungary govern
ment will also protest on the ground
that the armistice concluded with the
pentente powers and the United States j
ITnder existing circumstances, it is
added. Austria-Hungary is Powerless j
to hinder the movement, Dy nicn
Austrian territory might become a
war theater.
The Bavarian war minister recently
informed the Tyrol authorities that a
considerable number of Bavarian
troops would march to the northern
Tyrol frontier as a guard doubtless
fearing an attack by the entente from
this direction which would threaten
Munich and other important Bavarian
cities.
"We come as friends," the minister
declared, '"but will use force if we are
resisted."
The German field marskal. Von
Idackensen, also requested permisison
lor his army to pass through Hungary
from the Balkans to Germany, and
was informed that the request would
be granted on condition that the I
troops lay down their arms on enter- j
ing Hungarian soil. j
STATEMENT
(By Review 'Leased Wire')
LONDON. Tia, Montreal, Nov. 9.
The British press bureau has issued
the following:
"The statement by Premier Hughes
of Australia that the terms of peace
have been definitely settled at the
recent conference at Versailles with
out consultation with the dominions
makeB it necessary to put on record
the actual position with regard to this
question.
"From the first the British govern
ment has recognized that the magnifi
cent efforts and sacrifices made by
the dominions and India in the com
mon cause have entitled them to an
equal voice with the United wngaom
u - . - . . A
. . a
in
the settlement 01 iuq leriua ul
peace.
"It was with this specific object in
view that the first imperial war cabi
net was summoned last year. On that
occasion every aspect of the general
peace settlement was exhaustively
discussed by the two committees of
the imperial cabinet, on each of which
the dominions and India were repre
sented as well as by the imperial war
cabinet itself.
unei use".
Aiiatraiian rnvernment for rea-
. jnm.tira nhnrartcr. was not
represented at these discussions dui
the conclusions of the committee and
of the imperial war cabinet on these
matters were communicated to the Au-
stralian government at the time and
have since then been again review ea
at this years' session of the imperial
war cabinet in a series of discussions
in which representatives of Australia
took part.
"Nothing that has been done by the
British representatives at the recent
meetings of the supreme war council
is inconsistent with the general con
clusions arrived at in these discus
sions or has precluded or prejudiced
the effective attainment in the final
peace terms ot any specific objects to
which the attention of the imperial
war cabinet was drawn by the repre
sentatives the dominions and India.
"The British government has every
intention of associating the govern
ments of the dominions and India with
Itself at every stage in the future dis
cussions of terms ot peace.
"From the moment that it became
GERMAN
TROOPS
CROSS
AUSTRIAN
BORDER
AGAIN
BRITISH
PRESS
BUREAU
MAKES
AMERICAN ARMY
CONTINUES
ii MARCH
Yesterday's Work Completed
Principal Phase of Opera
tions Against the. German
Lateral Communications
I WITH THE AMERICAN ARMY ON"
THE SEDAN FRONT.; Nov. j. The
I Americans made things interesting for
j the enemy today bi advancing pretty
much every where) afcng their line.
(The enemy artillery i ire today and
j yesterday was almost exclusively
from large taliberl iins. indicating
' Ka V. n ii-ffhilpuii oil Ilia litr'ntor
pieces and is she.lij' from positions
a great distance away".;
hive American ambulances drove
by mistake into the i German Hues
northeast of Lion-Devant-Dun and
were captured. This incident was wit
nessed by some comrades who organ
ized a resciie party a.'id returned with
the ambulances, foil.' prisoners and
three guns.
This evening the At.incans were in
conip,pte conlroi of both sides of he
d had ,n adit !o occupied
Remoiville wood. They also crossed
the river at Motizor., thus making
their line on both sides complete from
Villers-Devant-Mouson southward.
One division reached Mouzay in its
j forward. march, despite machine gun
from mjne throwepg There was
a violent enemy reaction, toward the
northern point of the line especially
I at Villers-Devant-Mouaon.
The enemy shelled Montigny and
Saulmory and the Saulmory-Sassey
road and the new American positions
at Lion and St. Germain intermit
tently today and there were occa
sional bursts of machine gun fire from
Stenay. The American artillery re
plied and the German cannonade mod
erated. Fires are burning in Stenay and
the towiHT to the northeast. There
was considerable enemy activity to
day in a retiring movement to the
northward and eas.twi.nl. A new Ger
man unit has been identified on this
sector.
The Americans have begun work on
a new permanent bridge over the
Meuse, although they already have
! been able to move even the heaviest
j artillery over the temporary bridges
aircaay constructed. i nis ariuiery
will meet the stubborn opposition
which has developed in the hills.
The Americans are now only eight
miles from Carignan on the Mezieres
Metz railroad and about nine and one
half miles from Sedan, and are able
to shell both ways.
Today's work may be said to have
completed the principal phase of the
American operation siuce uie iiecit ui
the German lateral communications
between the armies and the northwest
was narrowed to the strangling point.
WITH THE AMERICAN ARMY ON
THE SEDAN FRONT, Nov. 9, (By the
Associated Press.) More than 200
American fliers attacked the region
of Montniedy Monday afternoon, some
of them dropping 100 pound bombs
on the Montmedy railroad junctions
while others dropped 20 pound bombs
along the roadways and wherever en
emy troops were sighted. A number of
fires resulted from the bombing in
the Montmedy region.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 9. General
Pershing's communique this evening
says troops of the first American army
. ma n.iMn.i. rw 11'ith Vl-II T"w.l l.nita 1111 H or
-""b
tha can-to rnmmnnrl trninPfl Arinitinn&I
- 1. 7
till 1IU1 Id II l ai Cfl3 cast ui iuc aucuo-o
day. Mouzay, Jamatz, Louppy-Spr
Loison, Remoiville, Molrey, Chaumont
and Manheulles were captured.
The statement follows:
Headquarters American Expedition
ary Forces, November 9, 1918.
Opposed by machine gun fire from
retreating hostile rear guards, trdDps
of the first American army in co-ope-
ratinn with Prenrh units. Rprvine un-
i- , . . - ...
der the same command, gained addi-
i tional important areas east of the
Meuse today.
Crossing the river south of Stenay,
our troops captured Mousay. Pushing
j rapidly through the forest De Woevre
i from the west and southwest, they
converged at Jamatz. 13 kilometers
east of the Meuse. which with Louppy-
Sur-Loison and Remoiville was taken.
On the fornt north of DamviHers.
Mairey. Chaumont and Manheulles
though vigorously defended, fell be
fore our advance.
Despite heavy rains and mist our av
iators executed reconnaissance mis
sions and successfully bombed and
machine gunned enemy troops in the
vlcinitv of Montmedy.
Section B There is nothing to re
port in this section.
SHOWS APPRECIATION.
(Bv Review Leased Wire)
BRUGES, Belgium, Nov. 9. King
Albert has presented to the American
Red Cross his beautiful home adjoin
ing the pavilion Henry IV at St. Ger
main, near Paris, for convalescent
American officers.
DROP LIST OF MISSING
AMERICAN AVIATORS
WITH THE AMERICAN ARMY
IN FRANCE. Nov. 9 During a re
cent night raid upon Toul by Ger
man aviators the Germans not only
dropped bombs but a flaring para
chute containing a list of names of
American flyers who are d'ad with
in the German lines or who are
prisoners.
The list, which .was headed
"Americanische Flieger Korps."
contained .15 names, 16 of them giv
en as dead and the others as pris
oners, some of them wounded. The
list was signed by Ll. A. IJ. Kraft.
The American aviators areplan-
I;
ning to carry wunin me uernian
nes a list of the German flyers
imprisoned on this side.
ON BATTLEFIELD
WITH BRITISH
(By Keview IttBel Wire)
PARIS, Nov. 9. Freuch cavalry has
crossed the Uelgian border, the war
office announces tonight. An ad
vance of more than nine miles was
made today at certain points.
The statement reads:
"Our troops continued their forward
march, advancing 15 kilometers at
certain points during the course of
the day.
"On the left our cavalry crossed
the Belgian frontier, overthrowing the
enemy rear guards, taking prisoners
and capturing guns and considerable
material, notably several railway
trains.
"Glageon, Forniies, Hirson, Anor
and St. Michel were occupied by us.
Our forces continued their pursuit be
yond these localities on the general
line of Momignies, the northern out
skirts of the St. Michel forest. Ma
quenoise and Philippe forge.
"Further east after having forced
a- passage of the Thon and Aube riv
ers, we occupied the Plateau to the
north, despite the enemy's spirited
resistance. We took Sisny-Le-Petit,
which was passed for a cons
;s,iderable
Mezieres-
distance, and reached the
Hirson railway at the village of Wag
ny and south .of fMauberth Fontaiue.
"On our right ,we are on the course
of the Sromonne and have reached
and surrounded Mezieres and Mohon.
We crossed the Meuse further east.
! opposite Luuies."
BELGIAN COMMUNICATION.
There was lively artillery activity
during the night on the Belgian front.
Belgian troops are standing along the
Ghent-Terneuzen t-anal from the
Dutch frontier to the Ghent station.
"The French troops in llelgiau, ad
vancing beyond the Scheldt, were
able, notwithstanding stubborn re-
sistance, to occupy Welden, Edelaere,
Melden and the northern part of Pot -
tes. the southern part of which is oc
cupied by British troops. East of
Melden the heights of Koppenberg
were captured."
LONDON, Nov. 9. In a sweeping
advance today the British armies
have captured Tournai and Antolng,
Field Marshal Haig reports tonight.
The second British army is approach
ing tfenaix, which lies about 12 miles
northeast of Tournai. v
"Onj the whole British front our
troops are moving forward and the
enemy Is retreating rapidly before
them," says Field Marshal Haig in his
report from headquarters tonight.
"On the right the fourth and third
armies are advancing on both sides
of the Sambre toward the Belgian
frontier and are meeting with little
organized resistance. -
"In the center the first army prog
ressed rapidly astride the Mons-Con-de
canal. South of the canal we
crossed the Maubeuge-Mons railway
and are approaching Mons north of
the Mons-Conde canal.
"On the left of the first army the
fifth array cleared the area between
the Scheldt river and the Antoing
canal south of that town.
"On the left the fifth and second
armies gained the east bank of the
Scheldt on the whole front. Hietinn
FRENCH
ARMIES
army has taken Autoing and Tournai, . tca&y pushed from the last remnants of
and made progress to the east ori5tuc,l,y ls , j ui- J
these places. i French territory between Mezieres and Hirson and the re-
Further north the
second army
is approaching Renaix
REVOLT IS SPREADING. !
AMSTERDAM. Nov. 9. Bolshevism
is extending rapidly in the German
iermau
formed
navy. The soldiers' councils
at several ports have been joined bv
striking dock worker. and shipyard
men and are negotiating on an equal
footing with the admirals and port
commanders.
At Hamburg sailors, armed with
machine guns, revolvers and bayonets,
besieged the Bundestrasse infantry
barracks, which surrendered after a
sharp exchange of volleys.
A GERMAN REPORT.
BERLIN, via London, Nov. 9 The
Americans continued their violent at
tacks east or the Meuse and extended
their bridgehead east of Dun. accord
ing to the official statement from gen
eral headquarters today. They were
brought to a standstill east of the Mur
vaux woods and Fontsines.
KAISER IS
COMPELLED
GIVE UP THRONE
CONTH
E
Official Family All Decide to Abdicate, While Socialist Mem
ber Is Reported to Have Assumed Duties of Imperial Chan
cellor; Government Is Still in Chaotic Condition, With
None Willing to Assume Responsibility
UNDATED WAR LEAD, (By the Associated Press).
William Hohenzollern, German emperor and King of Prussia,
has decided to renounce the throne.
This declaration is made, in a decree issued at Berlin by
the German imperial chancellor. Prince Maximilian of Baden.
The German crown prince will
a regency will be set up.
Prince Maximilian will remain in office until matters
connected with the abdication of the emperor are settled, and
Frederich Ebert, vice-president of the social democratic party,
will replace him as chancellor during the regency.
Official announcement of this fact has been sent by
wireless from Berlin. It is announced also that the crown
prince has renounced his rights and that a regency will be in
stituted. , j
Thirty years and almost five months after he ascended
the imperial throne, William Hohenzollern. his armies defeat
ed in the field, forced to sue for armistice terms and the Ger
man people rising in revolt, gives up his power. He came into
authority with his country at the threshhold of an era of peace
and material progress; he leaves it torn by revolution and
suffering from the hardships and sacrifices of more than four
years of war virtually ruined.
Prince Maximilian, the imperial chancellor, will remain
in office until questions connected with the abdication of the
emperor are settled. For the regency, Frederich Ebert, a so
cialist, and president of the main committee of the reich-
stag will be chancellor.
ola& . . i-, i r
Lrnest August, LUKe or uiunsni, sun-m-ia .
emperor, also has abdicated and renounced the rights of his
With the passing from power of William Hohenzollern,
all the heads of the government of the central powers when
they entered the war, have died or lost their thiones. Em
peror Francis Joseph and the Sultan of Turkey died before
their countries agreed to allied armistice terms, and Ferdi
nand of Bulgaria abdicated to be succeeded by his son, who
gave up the throne when his people rose against him. The
other European emperor at the beginning of the war, Nicholas
Romanoff, was deposed in March. 1917. and murdered in
I i l lQIft
1 Julv 7 u-
Lermany has not yei maae repiy luincimiiis wit .
istice terms presented by Marshal Foch. It is reported the
German courier, bound to German headquarters, had diffi
culties in crossing the battle zone and probably was not able
to reach Spa until Saturday afternoon. The first 24 of the
72 hours given Germany have expired and the second 24
hour period is passing rapidly.
The red flag of revolution is waving over a continually
increasing area of Germany. The revolt has spread from the
northwest along the North Sea and Schleswig-Holstein, south
ward into Westphalia and Cologne, on the Rhine, is reported
affected. In Berlin the situation evidently is serious as the
banks have stopped payments.
Field Marshal Haig, General Petain and General Persh
ing continue the liberation of French territory and further
advances have been made all along the line from Mons to east
of the Meuse. The enemy is retiring all along the front and
on the French sectors offers resistance only to protect his
rear guards from the advancing French.
On the north the British are pressing on Mons and are
advancing east from Maubeuge, the great French fortress,
south of Maubeuge they are within a few miles of the Belgian
frontier on a line east of Avesns.
There has been no let ud in the French pressure. The
demption of all of France north and.we3t ot Mezieres ap
pears a possibility of the next few hours.
Along the Meuse the Americans are pressing forward
from Sedan to the reeion south of DamviHers. They made
in
! nrocress Saturdav at nearly all
driving the Germans rearward toward Montmedy. Longuyon
U,,VW'S t 'cuuuraij
and the borders of Luxemburg and Lorraine, west or tne
Meuse the American first army has advanced 30 miles in the
last eight days.
COPENHAGEN, Nov. 19. Six German battleships anch
ored outside of Flensburg have directed their guns against
the revolutionists, and a bombardment is expected. The bat
tleship Koenig, which refused to surrender, was taken after
a hard fight.
COPENHAGEN. Nov. 9. Rebellions have occurred in
Hanover. Cologne. Brunswick and Magdenburg. according
to official announcement tonight at Berlin.
TO
ALLIES
AS
TO
abo renounce the throne, and
'
r i. : U,., f tk.
, , . i
lf C Af "1
points on the tront ot 4U miles.
ON
VCTORY
(Cosuiued Par Varae)
(Continued oa Paga Three) THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1918.
-TWO
Bread Moves Forward by
Tfamloads for Our Men in
Armies Fighting in France
AMERICAN REGULATION BASH,
FRANCE, Nov. 9. (Correspondence
of ihe Associated Press.) Bread Mor
the American soldiers is brought here
by trainloads t'roin the gieat army
lieid bakery a lew miles distant
cue train of 30 ears a day all icaded
with white bread from t'ue best of
wheat flour.
Oa such train was errii;ig as th.1
Associated Press corraspondeut vis
ited the base. Another trainload of
refrigerated beef arrived sooq after
ward from the great reirigerating
plant at Gievre.
It was the same with other classes
of supplies, rations, forage fuel and
oil all came In huge bulk to this
concentrating and distributing plant,
icr this is one of the great nerve cen
ters of supplies ror the lighting men.
Here the trair.loads are broken up
into 15 parts, two cars to a p;irt, and
each i art goes toward making up a
new 'automatic train" carrying sup
plies of all kinds to the soldiers 15
trains a day automatically leaving
for the front loaded wita food or
fighting material.
PutXing yard engines were doing the
work of splitting up the trains and re
for.mintf new, ones. Gradually th con
futed mass oT ears, the bread "and
meat trains melted away and the 15
automatic trains took aeflnite form.
As tliey were completed they moved
oif to sidings to take their turn in the
steady stream of trains moving out
10 the Hunting front. This is the pro
cess, repeated day after day, in the
toruiation of the automatic trains, that
marvel of transportation that has so
bewildered and. surprised the foreign
observers.
The last stags as the supplies rass
to the troops at the front is where
the automatic train reaches the rail- j
head of th'e division. Each American J
uivision has its fixed rail head, or
terminal, where the train delivers its
daiiy quota. This is as near the
troops in the field as fighting condi
tions wiil permit. But in many cases
it is not possible to bring the divi
sion's rail-head close to the front, so
that in these cases camion transit
fi Is the gap between the' fril-head
and the actual line.
A rail-head oitieer is m charge at
these points, reporting back nightly to
headquarters her as to the strength
ol men and animals in the division,
and its varying needs caused by ac
tive fighting or periods of repose.
Thus each division rail-head becomes
a regulating station for the needs of
t'uat fighting unit, while all of them
are linked back here to this huge cen
tra! reeulating station where the
steady lines of supplies are kept mov
ing forward.
VOCATIONAL WORK- 'AMERICAN CHILDREN
WILL TRAIN ALL OUR j ASKED TO ENLIST TO
MAIMED SOLDIERS L SAVE MEN FROM GAS
BOARD OF EDUCATION NAMED TO
UNDERTAKE- IMPORTANT TASK
OF FITTING DISABLED MEN TO
EARN THEIR LIVINGS IN COMPE
TITION WITH WORLD
BOY SCOUTS AND CAMP FIRE
GIRLS AS WELL AS OTHER
CHILDREN OF NATION ASKED
TO GATHER FRUIT PITS AND
SHELLS OF NUTS
WASHINGTON, Nov. 9. Plans for
training and placing in remunerative
positions soldiers and sailors maimed
in the war worked out by the United
States Employment service and the
fsderal board of vocational education
are ready to be put into operation.
The Employment service has in
structed its representatives through
out the country to obtain information
that will be helpful in the placement
ot partially disabled soldiers and sail
ors. Purveys of labor needs will be
made in conference with employers to
determine where such men can be
used efficiently.
The board of vocational" education
will maintain in each hospital for the
treatment of wounded a representa
tive who wilL confer with disabled
men before their discharge from ths
hospital. If a man desires to con
tinue in the occupation he was en
gaged in before the war and is fitted
for it, help will be given him in find
ing work in that calling; should his
injuries make it necessary for him
to s--ek a new means of livelihood, lie
will be advised of the lines in which
he can enter without finding his in
juries a handicap and a course of
training in the work to be adopted
will be offered. Every eflort will be
r.;.il? to assist disabled men toward
t!.at occupation in which they aro
most interested and lor which, be
cause of aptitude and experience on
.one hand and handicaps on the other,
they are best suited.
After the vocational adviser has as
sisted the recuperating patient to
choose a suitable occupation, his case,
with, full information, will be re
. . fened to a local board in his. com
munity made tin" or two representa
tives of the district- employment
-.office, one a physician, two represen
tatives chosen trom the locality, one
. to be an employer and the other a
representative of labor. The board
will ate to his training, and while it
is in progress he will .he supported
Tr." the government anfl glvtin the
same allotment and family allowance
fr:r depcr.Jents as when he was in
military or naval service. His ex
penses, in the niHin. will bts covered
from thj- compensation provided in
the vocational rehabilitation an.
Maiiufiicturin', establishments, - of
fices and tarms, will &e use 1 to give
preliminary training, especially for
those occupations not' yet regarded
as being within the school or coleee
fi?ld. Afterward, through the em
ployment service, a permanent suit
able po: ilicn will he found for him.
The Lnard will keep in touch as
frierd a:id adviser lor such period
j Iter employment is found as may be
nec;ss; ,-y l j complete hi ie-e.ablish-ment
as a civilian worker.
A cavji recently n-.uie at the Ford
meter jpla:.t at Detroit showed the fol
lowing: Jobs tl:ct could be filled by legless
men, 70; by one-lecuea m?n, 2,G.'!7;
by one-armed men, 715; by totally
blind men, 10. The time estimated to
become eflici-;nt at these jobs is esti
natel ii r 1.743. one day or less; for
1.461. c:-e day te one wepk; for 251,
one v r ek to two weeks; for 54:5. on?
month :o c. e .VSr; fur i", one to six
jears.
RUSSIA PERSECUTES JEWS
MOSCOW, Aug. 2n--Tne anti-Jewish
uioveiii-nt in Russia is continuing, de
spite the restitutions passed some time
tiso by the iili Russian central execu
tive committee of the Soviets con
demning ant i-seinitie agitation and de
spite the appeals issued by various
- Soviet organizations.
There have been no anti-Jewish out
breaks in recent weets. but the atn:o
sphfe is teii-e. The cou.it.il i:f it"'
people's eminissHi's has issued a proc
lamation stating that instigation i f ;:a
tiolialistic antagonism will lie severely
NEW YORK, Nov. 9 Every boy and
girl in this country is again asked by
the United States government to help
save American soldiers from the hor
rors of German gas. The chemical war
fare division of the army has urged
them to gather every walnut, hickory
nut tnd butter nut in the woods about
their homes this fall to help make
ga masks for the American troops in
France. It is from the shells of these
nuts that the charcoal for gas-masks
come for the next six months or more.
There is said to be a ready and prof
itable market for the uutmeats, mak
ing it practicable to turn the shells in
to the government immediately.
Whole nuts can also be used. For col
lection purposes the Red Cross has ar
ranged 160 collection centers through
the country for the concentration of
shells. They will be shipped from
these points in carload to the govern
ment carbon plants at New York and
San Francisco.
The Boy Scouts have enlisted the
aid ot" their 442,000 young members in
this work, us have the Camp Fire
Girls. Through the department of ag
riculture ail county agents of that de
partment will organize nutting parties.
In audition every school is urged to
arouse the interest of its pupils and to
encourage nut gathering in every
spare moments of The pupils time.
The aid of the young people will be
absolutely necessary to supply the
I,0o0,ti00 pounds of shells ajid fruit
stones that the government produc
tion schedule calls lor. The govern
ment cannot buy mere than one-thira
the necessary shells at present. In
tact, they declare, that the shells of
all the cocoanuts grown in the West
Indies and Central America, if they
couid be obtaineii. would not fill the
needs. They are making arrangements
to got the shell from the East Indies,
but it will be mouths before this plan
can be put into co-operation. In the
meanwhile they must mix the avail
able shell charcoal with wood char
coal. This is not to the best interest
of the men because the wood charcoal
settlers, making breath difficult, and
it has not the absorptive qualities
of shell charcoal.
The people, because of the sma'.l
nesa of the task asked of them, failed
to realize its importance and did not
respond well to the appeal made dur
ing the fruit season. What the help
of each person means is shown by the
fact that two peach stones or two
large nuts turned in each day by each
person in the nation would supply the
needs. It is hoped, however, that no
one will hold to this schedule as there
will be many unthinking person's
quota to fill.
Gas barrages for some time have
been cne of the principal factors in
German warfare. Their mustard gas,
with its horrible after affects, is one
of the worst atrocities of the war.
Even now, in their retreat, the Ger
mans are using a non-exploding, per
forated gas shell which they fire into
marsh lands and which makes the en
tire district into which - they are
thrown a "section of death" for days
afterward.
This can all be successfully combat- j
ted if Americans will turn in their
hickory, brazil, walnut and butter nut j
shelis ami peach, apricot, prune, plum, !
olive, date, and cherry stcnes. for gas i
masks for American soldieis. J
punished and that those directly en- (
gaged in anti Jewish agitation and po
groms" will be outlined. The prot la
mation says "the Jewish workman is a
brother to us." . -
. While tiie Russian Soviet republic is
making efforts to fight this relic of
ba.hairsm. the German government
nil is t's seal of appri val n poll il anil
helps the anti-semitic movement by of
ficially excluding the Yiddish lan
guage from the mails.
Be
u -a - I I
be the use of Christmas vW i
Santa Claus salutes you and says he is ready to serve you
at The Fair. Early Christmas chopping is a war time duty,
and you can play the part of a good soldier in obeying the
government's request to buy now and purchase sensible gifts
Speaking of soldiers, we remind you that there is yet time
to take advantage of our overseas service. The boys in
France have been good soldiers, and Christmas packages
delivered from our Paris branch at Christmas will be a big,
made in Bisbee pleasure to some Bisbee soldier. Packages
range, $5.00 to $10.00. Inquire at desk on first floor.
HAPPY CHILDREN
If the children weren't going to be made happy, what would
altogether ?
Certainly the kiddies are going to have toys. And we have made arrangements to
please every type of child, whether it prefers a big doll for a plaything or some instructive
toy. , .
Perhaps every one of us who remember long happy hours spent in sending trains through
tunnels and over bridges, who has hitched a httle iron horse to a red painted wagon, or
dressed adoll, or arranged tin soldiers in battle formation, held his or her breath awaiting
the ruling of the War industries board as to whether toys are essentials. And now it ha3
come in the affirmative !
BECAUSE: ' -
I. Toys rank with Books in developing young minds; and,
2. American manufacturers are just proving their ability to qualify as the World's Toy
makers, and merit the encouragement pll of us can give.
Our Toy Annex in rear of main store.
SERVICE:
GIFT HINTS:
Ivory Toilet Articles
Make Acceptable Xmaa Gifts
Ivory Powder boxes 50c to $1.25
Ivory Hair Receivers 50c to $1.25
' Ivory Combs 25c to $1.50
(With coarse and fine or all coarse teeth)
Ivory Hair Brushes $1.00 to $5.00
(With good bristles; durable brushes
at small cost.)
Mirrors, Ivory framed 50c to $6.00
(In all size's)
Ivory Clothes Brushes $1.00 to $3.00
Ivory Hat Brushes 75c to $3.0Ci
Ivory Pin Cushions 50c to 75c
Ivory Jewel Boxes .. $1.00 to $5.00
Ivory Soap Bcxes -25c to 50c
Ivory Trays .. 50c to $2.00
Ivory Candle Sticks 50c to $1.00
(All colors of silk shades.)
Ivory Cream Jars . . 35c to $1.00
BEDDING
Heavy Plaid Blankets
$6.00 pair
Beautiful blankets, with soft, close nap, in
firm diagonal weaves. Plaid patterns of
varipus colors. Sizes 70xS0 inches. Price
and size correspond; these are exceptional
values.
Cotton Blankets $1.25
to $3.50
Firm quality, light and mid-weight cotton
blankets, in all sizes, in white, tan and
grey.
Bon Ton and La Camille
Corsets
An inexpensive frock looks more costly
worn over a Bon Ton or La Camille front
lace corset, because it is the perfect foun
dation for the slender silhouette fashions
of Uie hour. It attains the youthful flat
back.
The slender hip-line the symmetrical
contours above the waist line. You will find
at "The Fair Corset Shop" an ideal model
for your particular figure. Bon Ton and
La Camille corsets range In price from
$3.50 to $12.5C 2nd Floor
Now Start Your Xmas.
Shopping at the
Glove Counter
Just arriver, 200 pairs of kid gloves,
months late, to be sure, but here in the
very nick o' time for Christmas.
Glace Kid gloves.
Washable Kid gloves.
Doeskin gloves.
In white, in black and in a few colors
main floor.
Christmas
Neckwear
And, oh, what beautiful styles these are.
too, seems as though tiie designers had
found flii war a soiimp of inspiration for
their genious, and among ihe many, many
lots, we feature some very rii'inty styles
from 75c to $3.50
MAIN FLOOR
500 yds. Pretty LACES
5c per yard
Included are dainty vais.,
cotton torchon and novelty
edges ard insertions, many
patterns, width from ' lo
2 in. wide.
Styles
01
the
H
Apparel dependibility always repays its cost.
None know this better than the buyers for this great garment section at
The Fair. It is this knowledge that drives them on and on in their search
for the best for The Fair customers.
-'-The great wide spaces are spaces of beautiful displays.
Fall fashions that glory in their beauty whether this beauty be embod
ied in suit, coat, dress, blouse or hat.
Suit Consewation, $25, $27.50, $29.50 up
We can't say too much about them; seems as if the designer had in mind just what worn
en want this season, for' these suits are elegant throughout and yet their prices are a
truly conservative, one.
. Models of broad cloth, in taupe, nay, brown and mixtures, snijri!y tailored, or jauntily
belted.
Models, of blue serge and poplins, stunning effects among them tiie military, with its
high, standing collars.
Models other popular materials, in plain tailored effects, others with belted and fur
' collars. j
i
'Charming Dresses, $19.75, $22.50, $25, up
, Consider the new dress seriously, let it be of satin, tricolette, velvet, serge or jersey.
The straight, narrow skirt, the ecclesiastical drape, swinging in a long line, from shoulders
to hem these are some of the very chick fashion cotes reflected in the dresses that
will captivate you to morrow. Second Floor.
Handsome Coats, $20, $25, $27.50 up ?
Naturally you had expected to see higher r rices. Prices seem to prefer the higher note lies
lately, but our buyers have this surprise for Monday shoppers. Coats of the moment that
will remain in style long after you have thought to discard ihem, models of kiisey, chamois
cloth, wool veloure and military cloths. The lines are excellent, becoming and fashionable.
Smart Skirts, $6.50, $9,50, $12.50 to $25.00
' High class garments in distinctive styles.
The very newest creations from the fashion centers. Beautiful materials, in blai k, blue
and grey, as well as the new plaids and novelty materials. These attractive plaids are
all in the new autumn shades.
Smartest Fur Styles in the City
Another section of this great second floor that is ever the favorite shopping place of the
cil-drcssed women! Fair values at the Fair, are known all over Bisbee. Right now
these aTe more talked of than ever before. Prices are within the reach of every woman
who must consider cost and styles are the most unusual in town.
FOX FURS are still the leading fur this season. Taupe. Isabelle, patret. black. ( hanchalkci
and red fox. Lots of single scarfs with heads, claws and bushy tails, aiso sets with row
style muffs.
.ingle Scarfs at $25.00 and slowly go up to - $85.00
Sets. $16.50 and up tc .'. $135.00
Misses' Fur Sets 1 $2.50 to $25.00
Children's Fur Sets .....$2.50 ts $12.50
Silk Waists, Monday Only, $2.95
The Fair Store Christmas service has always beer
the standard of excellence. This year preparations for
Christmas were begun way last spring." We are not
only ready in all the departments for X'mas buyers, but
are able to offer a service the Christmas buyers will ap
preciate all floors.
DOZENS OF
OUT New Bathrobes
$4.95 to $15.00
Practical, useful, comfortable Christ
mas gifts; stocks now complete. Robes of
fine quality of "Beacon" and "Esmond" rob
ing, in various styles; cleverly designed
pockets, collars and suffs. cord girdles;
satin and cord trimmings; Navajo, flower
and conventional designs, sizes 36 to 4S.
Scarf & Cap Sets
S2.S0 to $5.00
An especially well selected assortment of
warm, as well as attractive knit sets, will
be found on the second lloor, at prices giv
en in the headlines, all colors.
KNITWEAR
For Women and Children
WOMEN'S UNION SUITS, $1.00
Slightly fleeced, high neck, long sleeve,
ankle length; suits' that are fitted at the
waist, all perfect suits. Sizes 34 to 40, at
$1.00, while quantity lasts.
BOYS' FLEECED UNiON SUITS,
$1.00 and $1-25.
Cray only; high neck, long sleeve suits, in
ankle length: all perfect; sizes for boys of
4 to 10 years -
For thi.se of 10 to !) at $15
The weight for fall and winter wear.
GirVs Fleeced UnicnSuits
$1.00 and $1.25
White and cream; high neck: long sleeve
suits, in ankle length; buttons for waists,
and straps for garters; drop seat.
Sizes for girls, 4 to 10 years at $1.00
For those of 10 to 16 years at . $1.25
Nice weight for fall and winter.
Women's Cotton Hose
at 35c
Full seamless black stockings, that arc
fast color; reinforced where the hard wear
comes; double garter welt, sizes 84 to 10.
White Outing Flannel
27c per yd.
Double fleeced, good weight, pure bleach
ed outing; correct weight for-gowns, paja
mas and petticoats, just 500 yards at this
prn
-Monday.
CREPE DE CHINE, GEORGETTE CREPE AND FANCY SATIN BLOUSES These arc un
questionably the mast inticing of the hour. High grade Mouses. Embroidered and beaded,
or plain tailored, at this price they ought to delight you. One need:: i.nly to step into
I'.ie blouse section to find one's dream blouse, before one's eyes. Colors, fiesh. pink,
white, tan. navy and etc.. in crepe de chine and georgette crepe all th.; new rich shades
of fail, in the fancy striped satins; all sizes, :!6 to 4i Second floor.
Millinery OpportunityTrimmed Hats
$7.50 and $10.00
A SALE REMARKABLE FROM EVERY ANGLE in the purchase of the hats i-i the di
versify of styles, presented in the bewitching smartness of the modes-in the excellence
of - quality and workmanship, inherent In every model in the values whit'.i are sensation
al in the extreme.
Theic are dress hats, street hats and hats fcr all occasions. Each hat smarter than the
36 inch Silk Poplin
$1.50 per yd.-
About 100 yards if all silk poplin; very
popular thii bcason. in olark. plum, navr
Belgium and gie.
40 inch Silk Crepe de Chine
$1.65 per yard
All silk, in all the nch shades for fall; as
well as the lU'ht onis; especially suitable
for waists, dresses and underwear, etc.
New Fall Plaid Silks
next.
--Hats suitable for misstf.. young women and matronly vonnn; some are fur trimmed,
others smartened with novelty feathers, ribbons ami buckles, small medium and large
niude.s. Stunning novelty shapes 'with rolled bri. us. Monday $7.50 and $10.0
SECOND FLOOR.
Attractive new silks in narrow, phasing
plaid colorings; rich and dressy finish. 36
te 40 in wide.
36in. Flannelette, 40c yd.
Heavy, downy flee. v. for kimonos and
satruas. iu floial. conventional and kiddie
patterns.
Comforter SILKOLINE
25c per yd.
Yard wide, pretty patterns, as
well as plain, iu all shades: in
small floral designs; I" various
ct lerings. sils finish and durable:
il.:- maitral is excellent for com
lerter coverings. THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 27, 1918.
riOOlER PUNS
FOR HELPING
DESIM
Food Administration Making
Arrangements for Supply
ing Food for Devastated
Countries of the Allies
(By Review Leased Wire)
n.unuiiiuA, -"Nov. a lmemdiate-
ly arrangements are to be made by
,the American and allied governments
for supplyingthe food necessary for
the rehabilitation of the people of
northern France and Belgium and the
demoralized civilian populations In
southern Europe.
America's part in the program is to
be under the direction of Food Admin
istrator Hoover, -who organized the
commission for relief in Belgium, and
of which he is still chairman. The
state department announced today
that President Wilson had requested
Sir. Hoover to take charge for the
American government in co-operation
with the various governments con
cerned of the organization of mea
sures for the projected food relief and
to proceed at once to Europe to be
gin his task.
Mr. Hoover, it was learned, is to
be accompanied by Chairman Hurley
of the shipping board, who will be
able to furnish instant information
as to the shipping facilities the United
States can supply. His presence
therefore is expected to facilitate the
framing of the program as the mea
sure of relief will depend to some ex
tent on the movement of food stores
in Australia and other countries where
they have accumulated through the
lack of tonnage to move them during
the war.
The state department's announce
ment said the war industries board,
the war trade board, the treasury de
partment, the shipping board and the
food administration are to aid in the
promDt advancement of necessary
measures for assisting in feeding the
people in invaded Belgium and north
ern France. It also said that arrange
ments are being made by the food ad
ministration, the shipping board ana
the war department for the earliest
possible dispatch of food stuffs to the
liberated populations in southern
Europe.
The announcement follows:
"President Wilson has requested
Mr. Hoover to take charge for this
government of the organization of
measures for the food relief of the lib- j
erated people of Europe and to pro
ceed at once to Europe as the gov
ernment's special representative for
the determination of measures of re
lief in co-operation with .the various
governments concerned.
"As the first measure of assistance
to Belgium it is necessary to increase
Immediately the volume of foodstuffs
formerly supplied so as to physically
rehabilitate this under-nourished popu
lation. The relief commission has,
during the last .four years, sent to the.
10,000,000 people in the occupied areas
over 600 cargoes of food comprising
120.000.000 bushels of breadstuffs and
over 3.000,000,000 pounds of other
foodstuffs, besides 20,000,000 gar
ments, the whole representing an ex
penditure of nearly $000,000,000. The
support of the commission has come
from the Belgian, British, French
and American governments together
with public charity. In addition to
this, $35,000,000 worth of native pro
duce has been financed internally in
Belgium by the relief organization.
"The second mart of Mr. Hoover's
mission is to organize and determine
the need of foodstuffs to the liberated
peoples in southern Europe the Cze-cho-Slovaks,
the Jugo-Slavs, the Serb
ians, Rumanians and others. An ade
quate food supply will assist the gov
ernments set up to maintain order and
cohesion in government and to pre
vent the complete debacle such as has
taken place in Russia,"
Decision to assist the civilians in
southern Europe was reached by the
supreme war council at Versailles aft
er armistice terms for Germany and
Austria had been drawn, a resolution
proposed by Col. E. M. House.
day from France announcing the
! d"ah of his son. Niles Galuslia.
The letter was written by a fricid
who was in the same corp:ny with
Niles, and mere'y stated that his sin
wa.i drowned and liiiri-i at-out Octiv
ber 1. The last letter received by Mr.
Galusha from his son was when lie
was in F.ordaux, France, with Com
pany F, ISth engineers.
Niles is a Bisbee hoy and was vir
tually raised in the Warren district,
his parents having resided here for
many years. He was also employed in
several of the local business institu
tions before hs departure for service.
He is widely known here and has many
friends who will regret to learn of
his death.
WILSON WRITES
M ABOUT
0
FOOTBALL RESULTS
FROM EASTERN
GRIDIRONS
CAMPAIGN
MANY INTERESTING GAMES ARE
PLAYED THROUGHOUT THE
COUNTRY AND RESULTS CLOSE
IN MANY OF THE MOST INTER
ESTING CONTESTS
IOWA CITY, la., Xov. 9. Display
ing a class of football that surprised
even its most ardent supporters, the
University of Iowa eleven triumphed
over the University of Minnesota here
toay 6 to 0, in the first victory it has
ever registered over the Gophers.
Expresses Hopes That Ameri
can People Will Respond
to the Noble Cause of the
Allied War Work Drive
American expeditionary force in
Paris. In its September 20 number the
Stars and Stripes said:
"This week the adoption of French
war orphans by soldiers of the A. E.
F. under the Stars and Stripes war
orphan plan passes the 500 mark. This
plan, which brought so much happi
ness to little children in dire need,
whose fathers had given their all for
France, was the idea of an American
private Harold W. Ross, Kngrs.
(Ry.), detailed to the editorial staff
j of the army newspaper. It is under his
direction that tne plan has been, so
successfully worked out. Officer in
charge."
WASHINGTON'. Nov. 9. President
Wilson, in a letter to Dr. John It.
Mott, director general of the United
BRITISH PRESS
BUREAU MAKES
STATEMENT
YANK AIRMEN CARRY
BOMBS OF ENORMOUS
SIZE IN FLIGHTS
INCREDIBLE PROPORTIONS OF
EXPLOSIVES DO NOT HINDER
THEIR BEING DROPPED ON HUN
WITH CELERITY BY OUR FIGHT
ING FLIERS
(Continued from Pace Ona)
clear that such discussions were im
minent the prime ministers of the do
minions and India were warned to
hold themselves in readiness to come
War Work campaign, which will be-; over or to send representatives w ith
gin a drive Monday for f 17t,500.i00 tc a view to their remaining in constant
be expended in relief work among the i and the closest touch in their capacity
American soldiers and sailors by ' s members of the imperial wir cabi-
not tt'irn mdvo nnmonTd rr inn oiinaiiin
DENVER, Colo., Nov. 9. Colorado
Mines, 4S; Denver Universitv. 6.
SYRACUSE. X. V Nov. 9. Syra
cuse defeated Brown at football here
this afternoon. 53 to 0. The Brown
eleven was powerless before the
strong Orange team.
LINCOLN, Neb., Nov. 9. The foot
ball team of the Omaha Army Balhxm
school went down to defeat at he
hands cf the Universty of Nebraska
quad on Nebraska field here this
afternoon by a score of 19 to 0.
and to their being represented at the
inter-allied conference which is to be
convened in the near future in order
to consider in detail the practical ap
plication of general principles of
peace settlements."
WASHINGTON AWAITS
REPLY TO FOCH'S DE
MANDS AS TIME FLIES
(ContliXied from race ona)
DES MOINES, la.. Nov. 9. Camp
Dodge division team, G; Iowa State
(Ames) college, 0.
SOUTH BEND, Ind. Notre Dame,
7; Great Lakes. 7.
CIHCAGO, 111., Nov. 9. Camp
Zachary Taylor today defeated Camp
Grant 14 to 0, all the scoring coming
in the final period of the hard-fought
game. Hoffman, the Taylor fullback,
made both touchdowns and kicked
both goals.
BISBEE YOUTH
DROWNS IN FRANCE
B. F. Galusha, chief engineer of the
B. I. company, received word yester-
DOING ILL
"Mother and myself, taking the ad
vice of some kind friends, are taking
Mayr's Wonderful Remedy for bad
stomach and liver trouble and bloat
ing. The medicine is rightly and well
named 'Wonderful.' for Buch it Is. It
has ceretainly done wonders for us
both." It is a simple, harmless pre
paration that removes the catarrhal
mucus from the intestinal tract and al
lays the inflammation which causes
practically all stomach, liver and in
testinal ailments, including appendi
citis. One dose will convince or mon
ey refunded.
Sold by Bisbee Drug company, Lo
well Drug company, in Ixiwcll. and
druggist? everywhere
EAST LANSING. Mich., Nov. 9. The
breaks of the game were against the
Michigan Aggies today and they lost
to Perdue on a muddy field, 14 to 6.
The visitors were outplayed through
out the game and scored both their
touchdowns on intercepted passes.
Bartlett kicked both goals for Purdue.
MADISON. Wis., Nov. 9. By out
playing the Badger Youngsters in
practically every phase of the foot
ball game and using an end shift for
mation which remained a puzzle, the
Illinois eleven walked off with a 22
to 0 ' victory at Camp Randall this
afternoon. From the very start Illi
nois used the end mass running with
great success.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Nov. 9. Washing
ton university's eleven today defeated
Drake university of Des Moines 26
to 0 In its first Missouri Valley con
ference game of the eason. The game
was played behind locked gates, only
members of the student army training
corps being admitted, because of the
influenza ban and until the last quar
ter the game was scoreless.
Both teams did expert blocking and
until the final period the ball equally
occupied the territory of both contenders.
LAWRENCE, Kan.. Nov. 9 By a
score of 33 to 0the University of
Oklahoma football team defeated the
University of Kansas eleven here to
day. Kansas was weak in all points,
and was able to hold Oklahoma for
downs only three times during the
game.
WASHINGTON, Ind., Nov. .In
diana university, 41; Fort Harrison, 0.
ANNAPOLIS, Md., Nov. 9 Navy,
37; Navy Operating base, 6.
DENVER, Colo., Nov. 9. The first
regular game of the long delayed in
tercollegiate football season was
played in Denver this afternoon and
resulted in a victory for the School
of Mines over the University of Den
ver by a score of 48 to 6. The con
test was staged on a mud-covered field
which caused much fumbling. Due to
the ban on assemblages as a result
of the influenza epidemic, the public
was not amifted to the game. Mem
bers of the S. A. T C, from the rival
schools, however, thronged the stands
and supplied plenty of rooting.
The only score by Denver followed
an 80-yard run by Mclaughlin, when
ha recovered a fumble inside his own
5-yard line.
their comfort. Thij protest, like that
of a few days ago against the an
nounced intention of the Germans to
destroy Belgian coal mines in their
retreat, will be among the lesser
counts in the indictment.
COST HAS ADVANCED.
seven organizations, expressed the
hope that the American people would
give prompt and generous response io
the appeal. The letter was made
public today at the White House.
"No matter how far distant the day
of peace may prove to be," the presi
dent said, "it will be followed by a
long period of demobilization during
which the opportunity and need for
the constructive work of these or
ganizations will bs quite as great as
in war times."
The letter follows:
The White House,
"Washington, Nov. 8, 191S.
My Dear Dr. Mott:
"I am sure the people throughout
the country will understand why it is
that -I am unable to fulfill the desire
of my heart to make a public address
at this time in the interest of the ap
proaching campaign.
"It has bee"n with sincere gratifica
tion that I have observed the whole
hearted co-operation of the Young
Men's Christian association, the
Young Women's Christian association,
the National Catholic War council,
the Jewish Welfare board, the war
Camps Community service, the Ameri
can Library association and the Sal
vation army in response to my request
that they combine their respective
financial drives in one united war
work campaign, November 11-18, to
secure at least $170,500,00 for their
invaluable work. The wise economy
of money and effort, the increased ef
ficiency which will result from a
blending of expenditures, the crea
tion of an atmosphere of truer under
standing, the unmistakable evidence
of a growing unity of spirit and the
confidence of all this in strengthen
ing the national solidarity is reassur
ing in the extreme.
"As you now stand on the threshold
of presenting your appeal to the en
tire American people, I wish to re
new the expression of my conviction
that the service rendered by these
welfare agencies is indispensable and
my earnest hope for the abundant
success of the campaign. The in
e ltable growth of the army and navy
and the multiplying demands for our
help from France, Italy and Russia,
make it clear that a generous over
subscription is highly desirable. N3
matter bow distant the day of peace
may prove to be, it will be followed
by a long period of demobilization,
during which the opportunity and need
for the constructive work of these
organizations will be quite as great
as in war time, and I am glad to note
that your plans contemplate serving
the soldiers and sailors in this criti
cally important period. I am particu-1 Phoenix: All state council execu-
lariyp .leased to know of the compre- J tive heads have been requested to at
(Bv Itev'.ew Lnian, Wire)
WASHINGTON, Nov. 9. It costs
approximately 50 cents a day to feed
each soldier in this country and con
siderably more for those serving
overseas. The war department an
nounced today that this is an increase
of about 350 per cent over the. cost
of feeding the troops 20 years ago.
The cost had advanced nearly 10
cents per man since the nation en
tered the war.
LIFTED AT KEARNY.
(Ry Review Leased Wlr)
CAMP KEARNY, San Diego, Cal.,
Nov. 9. The Spanish iniluenza quar
antine which has kept the thousands
of men within the confines of the
camp for several weeks except In the
case of practice "hikes" was modified
today by a bulletin which announced
that liberty would be given to all
officers and enlisted men tomorrow.
The liberty period will extend from
reveille at 5:45 a. m. to taps at 10:15
p. m. Officers and men may go any
where within 20 miles of the camp,
but must wear gauze masks while out
side and are ordered to avoid crowds.
MORE TROUBLE FOR KAISER
(By Review Leased Wire)
LONDON. Nov. 9. The population
of the Polish province of Plock have
risen against the Germans and there
have been conflicts in which a number
of persons of both sides have been
killed, according to a Zurich dispatch
to the Exchange Telegraph company.
The Germans have arrested and shot
members of the Polish military organ
ization and the whole male population
is being deported to Germany.
hsnsive program of education to be
carried out during the coming months.
"Gifts that provide the service
which this campaign makes possible
are not so much gilts to organizations
as gifts invaluable gifts, to our sol
diers, sailors and marines and consti
tute an appropriate expression of
gratitude for their patriotic and un
selfish devotion. The whole plan of
the United War Work campaign is in
spiring and is most emphatically in
the interest of the nation and of all
the lands with which we are associat
ed in these momentous days.
"Cordially and sincerely yours,
"WOODROW WILSON."
YANKS ADOPT ORPHANS
(By Review leased Wire)
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 2. Amer
ican soldiers fighting in France have
adopted more than 500 French war
orphans, according to the Stars and
Stripes, a newspaper published by the
tend a meeting with the war indus
tries board on the non-war construc
tion program at Washington on No
vember 11 and 12. Vice-Chairman and
Director Charles E. Addams will rep
resent Arizona and one other repre
sentative to be named by Addams will
also attend.
The meeting is called by the council
of national defense to consider the
building program in all its phases. Ex
perts in the different lines of build
ing materials will describe the avail
able building commodities so that the
representatives of the state councils
will understand the need for strict
conservation. It is understood that the
war industries board has turned down
a large percentage of the applications
for new construction approved by the
various state councils and at this
meet the need of close adherence to
the government's program will be explained.
SUBSCRIBE FOR THE REVIEW
OTHER FOOTBALL RESULTS.
Columbus, Ohio. Ohio State, 6;
Case. 0. I
Cambridge, Mass. Harvard, 7;
Tufts. 0. j
Philadelphia, Pa. Pennsylvania, 4; j
Lnfayet'e. 0. f
V. ieeuiiMi, ijimj. iir.iitui iicu ic,
14: Ohio Northern. 6.
Pittsburgh, Pa. Washington and Jef
ferson. 0: University of Pittsburgh, 34.
Chicago, 111. Northwestern 47;
Knox College. 7.
DES MOINES. la Iowa State col
lege, 0; Camp Dodge Depot brigade, 6.
REVIEW WANT ACS
BRING RESULTS
f A New Arrival
f The latest style dresses, skirts, waists and underwear,
if All our previous goods were stolen, so we are now
showing a complete, new stock. To keep in touch with
our customers who have been so patiently waiting for
new material, we will make a special reduction on all
new goods
Vs-Regular Price
SPECIAL SALE
Cj Plushes, fur weaves, beaver cloth, crush mole, Hud
son Bay seal.
J All these fabrics suitable for trimmings and scarfs.
CJAlso reduction on silk brocade linings.
FRUITMAN'S FASHION SHOP,
Opposite Wellj-Fargo.
BEHIND THE AMERICAN LINES
IN FRANCE, S'-pt. :!(. t Correspond
ence of the Associated Press.) Bombs
o fan incredible size are now carried
by American aircraft, and some idea
of their destructive capacity may be
gained from tlK tact that they cannot
be dropped at a lower altitude than
S0O0 feet, so greatly is the aid disturb
ed by the explosion.
An amusing incident occurred when
the first of these was dropped on en
emy territory, which is much harried
by American bombers and consequent
ly bristles with searchlights and anti
aidcraft batteries. So terrific was the
explosion that every searchlight went
out instantly, and the airmen were de
prived of the landmarks on which he
bad counted to find his way home. .
Americans in this squadron have
had remarkable success. In two weeks
they accounted for 26 enemy ma
chines, 17 of which were crashed, and
one balloon. All are imbued with the
idea of maintaining the offensive un
der all circumstances.
Recently, two of them, finding them
selves cut off by 2u of the enemy
while returning to camp, refused' to
seek safety in flight. Instead, they
swept up at the German machines,
which were all above them, and so
rattled the enemy by their unexpected
daring that they actually brought
down four of his machines and, though
not undamaged themselves, were ble
to land behind our lines.
A successful attack was made "oy
members of this squadron not long
ago upon a troublesome enemy aero
drome which long had evaded discov
ery, so cleverly was it concealed in
the grounds of a chateau. The chateau
served as the headquarters of the of
ficers of the German squadron, and
the hangars were hidden in the edge
of the woods about the house. The
American squadron was acting as es
cort to the bombers charged with the
destruction of the aerodrome.
In a field about half a dozen enemy
airplanes were discovered, most of
them with their propellers running
and preparing for flight. The Amer
ican machines swooped down within a
hundred feet of the ground and circled
about the field, sweeping it with the
fire from their machine?guns until all
of the German machines were tluzing
and the men attending them either
shot or driven into a nearby wood.
Meantime bombs had been dropped
on all the hangars and on the chateau
itself, which- burnt like a torch and
lighted the attackers un their return
Journey. , .
will be investigated here next Thurs
day by the senat; sub-committee in
vestigating the tragedy.
This evidence. It is said, will be
consi.iered ia connection with other
testimony tending to show there was
carelessness n the part of officials!
of the company which iniht indirect-1
ly have caused the explosion. '
MUST BE FUMIGATED
(By R.-vl-w longed Wire
WASHINGTON. Nov. 9 American
soldiers returning home after the war
will be required to uass through gov
ernment "delousing" plants for the re
moval of trench vermin. Forty-five of
these plants, the war department an
UN GALLED FOR
MOTOR CORPS
The local board of Cochise county
has Just begun to receive calls for the
Warren district men who offered their
services to the motor truck corps that
was being organized in El Paso. About
150 men in the Warren district offered
their" services when the volunteers
were called and were examined and
sent in applications. Yesterday tele
grams were received here from El
ti ! i rw -..I t f w 1 1 - 11 ill I 1.1 Lt f t' I ' t rt. I 11 rirlui"
the supervision of the surgeon genera; pa asKkin6 that fhe men be snt-
at a cost of $l,.Vi.0n.
PICKED LP MESSAGE.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 9 The state
department announced officially to
night that the United States govern
ment wireless station had picked up
a radio message from the Nauen tower)
in Germany announcing the abdica
tion of the kaiser. The message came j
diri.it from Germany to the Ameri-1
can station.
The text of the announcement as it
was received here apparently was toe
same as that picked up earlier by the
British wifeless. The department
again emphasized that no official no
tice from the German government of
the event had teen received here.
Retreat i3 the order of der Tag.
Wall Street Journal.
Tne board has sent out notices to
the following men to report in Tomb
stone on Tuesday to be. sent to El
Paso:
John D. Perry, Douglas.
Lester V. Calwson, Douglas.
Lonzo Kaiser, Bowie.
Charles Randolph Long. Bisbee.
Peter A. Bartolino, Bisbee.
William Ernest Beach. Bisbee.
Olie J. Nelson, Lowell.
Frank Aubrey, Bisbee.
Harry E. Downey, LowtlL
Chas. F. Hearne. Bisbee.
Thos. E. Mooney, Bisbee.
John Lynn. Bisbee.
Sam Vucovich. Bisbee.
Two other men will be sent at the
same time, Roy R. White, of the coun
ty engineer's office to the central of
fice at Hancock. Georgia, and Wen
die T. Robig of Benson, to the central
office at Camp Arthur. Texas.
.V.U.JB 1' II .J.IW1
ii
ORDERS ARREST OF DUKE
(liy Keview Leased Wire)
AMSTERDAM, Nov. 9 Orders have
been received for the arrest of Arch
duke Max, brother of Emeporor
Charles, according to the Vienna news
papers. Archduke Max left the imper
ial hofburg recently with heavily laden
trunks. ,
MAY HAVE BEEN EURGLARS.
(Ry Review Leased Wire)
PERTH AM BOY. N. J.. Nov. 9. A
report that two notorious burglars
had been employed as guards at the
Gillespie shell-loading plant in Mor
gan prior to the explosion there on
October 4. which cost nearly 100 lives.
j
A SERIES OF
LITTLE TALKS ABOUT
YOUR
( - )
REGARDLESS of the funny stories,
we don't expect Fords to run on either
reputation or appearance.
But even tho the appearance of your
Ford has nothing to do with its motive
power, you can nearly always depend
upon it that the neat, well-kept-looking
Fords are the ones which are kept in good
shape generally.
J Letting your top, your upholstery, your
body, paint, or your floor boards become
disreputable in appearance will depreci
ate the value of your car.
J And it's SO unnecessary a little work
on the "Stitch-in-time" basis and a few
inexpensive materials will keep your
Ford bright and handsome.
Come in and see what a splendid selec
tion of things we have to help you.
Hood & Bledsoe
Phone 6S6 ... Bisbee
Main Street.
J
Phone 74
m One
I I I W MONDAY
0)
ft
WEEil
AT THE
ACKET Jewelry Store
Two, Three and Four Dollar Articles,
Special for
D
o air
and TUESDAY
Jewelry, Cut Glass and all Holiday Goods
SHOP EARLY. ONE WEEK ONLY.
RACKET Jewelry Store
BREWERY GULCH THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1918.
FOUR
Sister 3atUj
PUBLISHED EVERY DAY EXCEPT MONDAY BY THE
STATE CONSOLIDATED PUBLISHING COMPANY.
CULLEN A. CAIN'.
-Editor and
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
The Associated Press is exclusively entitled to the
use foa re publication of all news dispatches credited to
It or not otherwise credited to this paper and also the
local news published herein.
All rights of re-publication of special dispatches here
in are also reserved.
Entered as Second Class Mail Matter at
Under Act of Niarcn o, 10 a
I United War Work
This is the greatest Sunday since the first
Easter Sunday. Churches throughout the
United States, churches of all denomina
tions, are recognizing United War Work
Sunday. It marks a new era in religion,
a new line-up of creeds; it is the opening
wedge in a new estimate of peoples which
will develop into a new estimate of rehg-
l Today the protestant and the Catholic
and the Jew raise their voices in one cause
and to one God in behalf of not the one or
the other, but of all. Side by side every
sect and religion prays. For the first time
in the history of the world the Roman
Catholic and the protestant are working
and praying hand in hand for the same
cause. For the first time in the history of
the church, the Roman Catholic church has
entered a work with, through and behind
the lajman.
Contact on the field of battle and in the
work of fighting has brought about this
change. Leaders in the church have come
to realize that too much attention has been
paid to the future of man, and not enough
to the hard, real, grilling present. The
Roman Catholic priest and the Methodist
minister have come to work in the trenches
with the same thought and purpose the
happiness and well being of the soldier.
Today the priest and the minister think not
so much of where the soul goes but how
the soldier dies, and, most important, how
the soldier lives.
Unity is the keynote of the new era,
which today is ushering in. Unity has been
discovered in the torn, bloody fields of
France and Belgium. The Y. M. C A., the
National Catholic War Council, and the
Jewish Welfare Board have been welded
in work until a new, unity of religion has
developed. And today,' Catholic, Protes
tant, Jew, are united in prayer and effort
for the success of the United War Work
campaign.
PARTY RESPONSIBILITY
(Tucson Star.)
There has been a great hue and cry
throughout the state of Arizona, and par
ticularly among the supporters of Fred T.
Colter and George W. P. Hunt, that the,
only man who could be classed as a demo
crat, was a man who "voted 'the demo
cratic ticket straight." It is time to pause,
-while considering party lines and in the
light of the defeat of Fred T. Colter for
governor, and investigate some of the con
tributing factors to the present situation.
In the first place, party responsibility
ends when the primary system, such as is
now the law in this state begins. When a
party, of whatever nature it may be, loses
control over its officeholders; when the
principle of reward and reprimand is re
moved, then all responsibility of the can
didate and officeholder ends and party re
sponsibility ends with it.
We have witnessed through four cam
paigns the effort of the democratic major
ity to "bury the hatchet" after a primary
election. It was comparatively easy in the
first campaign, harder in the second, im
possible in the third and a debacle (from a
democratic partisan standpoint) in the
fourth. We have seen the democratic
party split wide apart because of the lack
of responsibility on the part of the office
holders. Once nominated or elected, it has
been the custom in Arizona to forget all
responsibility. There can be no responsi
bility where the party can neither reward
faithful partisanship or chastise failure.
Take, for intsance, Pima county. In
September a very bitter primary campaign
was waged, particularly in the
party. In several instances, the losing side
attempted to defeat, in the final election,
the winner of the primary contest. This
was so in the contest for governorship. It
was so in the race for sheriff.
Following the primary, certain leaders
of the Hunt wir.g of the democratic party,
organized a Colter Club in Tucson. It was
organized for the purpose of whipping the
Slruiiu
other faction into line behind the Hunt fa
vorite. Many democrats refused to join.
All would have joined a democratic club.
But the Hunt leaders were not satisfied
with a democratic club; they wanted every
particle of support for their favorite but re
fused to give as much to other candidates
on the same, ticket.
The same leaders constituted themselves
into a minority to criticise the majority of
democrats in the county. They declared
that there "was no democratic organ" in
the county. They added that the demo
crats who' voted for Tom Campbell were
not democrats. In not voting for Rye
Miles, for sheriff, or for A. C. Barnard, for
the state senate, or for several other candi
dates on the democratic ticket, they did not
violate party lines, in their own opinion.
It was a crime to cut the head of the ticket
but it was all right for them to split it in
the middle or the bottom. We cannot see
the difference. If one is wrong, from a
party standpoint, the other is wrong. We
are of the opinion that to split a party
ticket, under the conditions that existed
prior to the election, and which will always
exist under the Arizona primary system,
it is sometimes a duty a voter owes him
self or herself, as the case may be.
Just as long as the primary system, a3
at present constituted in Arizona, i3 in
effect, just so long will party lines go by
the boards. The United States has been
successfully run, through a long and varied
history by parties. . It will continue to be
so in order to get the best results. To think
that by introducing a primary system,
which merely engenders trouble and fac
tionalism within a party, a cure-all has been
found is the rankest of theories. We have
seen it in practice and we have had six
years of poor state government as a result.
Whatever our judgment of the class of gov
ernment that we have had may be, it is
our further opinion that all factions of the
dominant party in this state appreciate the
rank failure of the primary system.
ANOTHER CONTEST UNLIKELY
General Manage'
Bisbee, Arizona,
Sundqy
democratic
Although the vote for governor seems
to be very close, with no possibility for a
majority for either Campbell or Colter, or
more than two hundred votes, we believe
all the talk of another possible contest for
this office in the courts will be found to be
unwarranted. Any contest would most
likely require a tear- for a final determina
tion and the cost would be very heavy for
both sides of the controversy, besides no
one instituting a court contest would have
the sympathy of any considerable percent
age of the citizenship of the state, regard
less of how they might feel as to the just
ness of the returns.
The contest two years ago gave to Ari
zona considerable unenviable notoriety and
such a spectacle, it is hoped will not oc
cur again.
When the various counties have finished
theh official counts, under the law, a certi
ficate cf election will be given to the can
didate having a majority of the counted
votes. He will assume the office, as did
Governor Campbell two years ago and it
will be for his opponent to go to the
courts.
It is unfortunate that the result of the
contest two years ago was not regarded,
generally, as an absolute revelation of the
desires of the voters two years ago and
the very fact that many believe that Camp
bell had not received what was due him as
a result of last election caused many to
vote for him, no doubt who otherwise
would have voted their party ticket and for
Colter.
From a standpoint of the welfare of the
democratic party another contest would
be deplorable, as it would only keep alive
the old factional fight between the Hunt
and anti-Hunt democrats, which .resulted
in continuing advantage to the republicans.
Every day is bargain day at "the postof
fice, where the opportunity for helping the
government and getting pay for it is con
tinual. War saving stamps are the best
bargain of all the securities offered by the
government as a means of securing money
needed for the further prosecution of the
war and to meet the expense of returning
our armies home and to industrial pursuits.
The allied troops are keeping up a steady
march in the direction of Berlin with the
Germans retreating with as much rapidity
as General Foch will permit. The Ameri
can boys are making good at every con
tact with the enemy, according to reports
coming from the battle front daily.
7?.
'athers of America,
JL
Give to Your Own Sons!
(From the Literary Digest.)
It was at a little hospital in France.
One of the workers Young Glen's
Christian association, Knights of Col
umbus what does it matter, they are
all the same was one day passing by
and buddenly thought of a Scotch boy
tfith whom be had been talking betore
that same afternoon. He entered tne
tent expecting to luid the boy mark
ed thai night for transfer home, But
when he approached he saw that
something had happened, something
had intervened between all hoped anU
piuns. The wounded lad's eyes were
orient with fever and he beckoned
to the man of mercy. "Come here,
mummy ," he said; "put your arm un
der my head and 1 tnink 1 will sleep
tonight."
"And thon," says the worker, "I saw
that he had become a child again,
'iiear me say my prayers now, mum
my,' he said, and beginning Our Fath
er which art in Heaven," he tell his
way through, it like a blind man in a
narrow alley, till he got taugied in
loigetiulness and stumoled for a mo
ment into silence. Then, looking at
me, he said, 'Kiss uie, mummy,' and
I kissed him and tucked him in as
his mother used to do when he was a
boy at home, and by way of sleep that
night he found a dawn beyond our
daybreak."
Your son, peihaps, is there that boy
you love so weil. He may be wound
ed. God forbid! Ilut if he is, an arm
will pillow his bead tonight and fath
erly hands will be on liis and kindly
lips will speak those words that you
would speak if you were by his side.
It will be the hands and lips of one
of that baud of consecrated men, one
of those big-hearted brothers,v.ho wel
comed your boy that home-sick day
he came to camp, who sailed with him
on the transport, who went, perhans.
through the hellfire of shot and burst
ing shell to save him when he was
wounded, who brought food and com
fort and friendliness and home to
him on the very fire-step of the front
line trench.
These big brothers are calling to1
you from France tor help. Nay, they
are calling to you from every canton
ment, from every camp, here and
abroad, where our soldier lads . are
gathered together.. "Fathers and Mota
ers of AmericaJ" they say, "your
boy3 are in our hands. We want to
send them back to you clean, strons,
brave, victorious.- God willing, these
shall not be wasted months -or years.
We are working and praying so that
even while he fights your son will
grow in stature body, mind, and soul.
Money is needed a veritable tide of
gold to make this possible. Fathers
and Mothers of America, give to your
own souls!"
Shall we add our poor word to the
passionate appeal for $170,500,000 that
is being made by these seven so
cieties, these great brotherhoods that
stand behind our armies the Young
Men's Christian association. the
Young Women's Christian association,
the National Catholic War Council,
the Jewish Welfare Board, the Salva
tion Army, the American library as
sociation, for War Camp Community
Service? No, there is no need for us
to tell you why you should give. Your
own heart is crying out to you now
to give. Give' money? Why, you
would give your right hand, you would
give your beating heart itseK if it
would bring your boy comfort and
happiness in his life or peace in his
death.
Little enough do we know what
these lads of ours are enduring with
out complaint; little enough do we
know how they die without bitterness,
thinking never of self, but of suffer
ing chums and loved ones at home,
humble in their self-sacrifice. Little
can we hope to imagine what "Y" or
"K. of C." men , and huts mean to
them, we who are sate and warm and
with friends.
"Sometimes," says a "Y" worker, "1
sit all day beside a man. feeling my
heart just break listening to hint as
he speaks words ol love and messages
of dtepest tenderness in his dying
fever to those far off across the seas
whom he thinks to lie right up near
his stretcher-bed. And then a man who
has been blinded wants me to hold one
ot his hands; another poor lad sobs
out Lis lile, his head in my arms, cry
ing ior his mother as you and 1 cried
tor ours when we wer ioncMy; and 1
guide the hands of another a big boy,
torn and shattered by a shell, as he
writes good-bye to his sweetheart and
tells her God will bring them together
again."
What do we know of Mich tnings as
these we in America? What do we
know of the horror of the rain-soaked
trench at night, with the shells flying
overhead like bats out of hell? What
do we know of the gnawing cramp ot
hutiger or the hideous wrench of agon
izing wounds? Our eyes have not seeu
the human wreckage of the battle
field, our ears have not heard its aw
ful cries. Our lips have not yet touch
ed the cup. Our meatless days, our
whealless meals, our good ladies knit
tingwould we dare look on one poor
crumpled form in Flanders field and
call these things "giving?" Not if we
are men. If our fields had been plow
ed by murderous guns, if our cities
had been looted, razed, and ruined, if
our men had been crucified and shot,
if cur mothers, wives, and daughters
ha.l beeu dragged like the women of
Lille by gray-clad demons to slavery,
then we would be ub'.e to speak a lan
guage of racriiice we do not yet know
or even dimly understand. Thru would
we have learned something of the
courage ol Christ when he retued the
.stupHlying drink upon the cress, and
i'ui-piI .iiri'iriiiL -its. welcomed and
(greeted it, as a very end and aim or
1 iile.
I It is a splendid thing 10 give billions
! to war that war may cease. It is I m ice
I blessed to ie to these magnificent
land mcrcili'l 01 utilisations that have
j le. n formed not to take life. but. to
1 save it. nol to give wounds, but to
1 bind them up, not to f-pread disaster
and blasting death, but to dispense
good cheer and kindliness and comfort
and brotherly love among our own
boys.
It is a privilege to give to this great
cause when for the first time in his
tory, Jew, I'rotestant. and Catholic are
sinking the diiferenc.es of centuries,
when prejudices are sweeping out like
ash in furnace-winds, and creeds are
commingling in the final gold of truth.
This causa is, indeed. His cause, and
each dollar we give is given into the
very treasury of Heaven.
We regard the work of these hu
maiu fraternities of such supreme im
portance, we feel that their appeal is
so urgent, that, although, like others,
we have given generously, we hope,
to every worthy war-time cause, we
have determined to contribute our
check for ten thousand dollars on the
very first day of the drive.
If for a moment, far from the peril
and sudden death of the trenches, we
are tenrpted to shrink from new sacri
fices, we have but to look around
about us to remember our duty, for al
ready in our streets the crutch tells
its simple story and carries its mute
appeal to the heart; already our con
sciences are challenged by the elo
quence of the empty sleeve; already
we are faced by the outward evi
dences of these our boys who have
luid not merely money, but life and
body themselves, upon the altar.
Fathers and Mothers of America!
Your sons need warm hearts to father
them and ministering hands to sustain
them; they need every comfort, every
care, every protection that money can
buy and love provide. Were peace de
clared tomorrow they would need
them even more, if posisble, during
the trying months when they are wait
ing to return to you. It is your own
flesh and blood that is calling you.
As you cherish American manhood.
: and in the name of God w ho gives vic-
tory to the right, answer the call.
redcrossprepap.es
for its christmas
membership drive
HENRY P.DAVIDSON TELLS
AMERICANS WHAT GREAT OR
GANIZATION OF MERCY HAS
BEEN ABLE TO ACCOMPLISH TO
ALLEVIATE SUFFERING
NEW YORK, Nov. 9. The Ameri
can people have either paid in or
pledged to the American Red Cross
for its work of relief throughout the
world, in. money or, material values,
a net total of at least $325,000,000.
The American Red Cross has a total
membership of 20,048.103 and. in ad
dition, 8.000.00ft members in the
Junior Red Cross; a total enrollment
of' more than one-fourth the popula
tion of the United States.
American Red Cross workers pro
duced up to July 1 last, a total of
221.282.88 articles of an estimated
value of $14,000,000.
About 8,000.000 women are engaged
in canteen work and the production of
relief supplies.
The American Red Cross is distri
buting aid in ten countries the Unit
ed States, England, France, Ita'y, Bel
gium. Switzerland. Palestine. Greece.
Russia and Siberia. Besides it has
sent representatives to Serbia, Den
mark and Maderia.
More than 5000 Americans will be
working under the Red Cross in
France hy January 1, next.
These facts were laid before the
3S54 chapters of the Red Cross in the
tnnual message of the war council of
the Red Cross, when the chapters,
throughout the country today, held
their annual meetings to elect offi
cers. Announcement was made la the
message that every man, woman and
child in the United States would be
asked at Christmas time to enroll in
the American Red Cross.
The message, signed by Henry P.
Davison, chairman of the war coun
cil, said in part:
"Since the " beginning of the war.
you of the chapters have co-operated
witJi the war council in conducting
two war fund drives and one member
ship drive, in addition to the cam
paign on behalf of the Junior Red
Cross. The total actual collections
to date from the first war fund have
amounted to more than $115,000,000.
The subscriptions to the second war
fund amounted W upwards of $l"t.
000. 0d0. From membership dues the
collections have amounted to approx
imately $24,500,000.
"To the foregoing bust be added tht
the very large circulations of wa
teiials and time given by the millions
of women throughout file country.
For the period up to July 1, 1918. the
American Red Cross chapters,
through their work rooms bad pro
duced: 4H0.120 refugees' garment
7.12::. H21 hospital supplies; 10.7!,4S9
hospital garments: 10.U4.501 knitted
articles; 192.74S.107 surgical dress
ings: a total of 221.2:C!N:iS articles
0:1 en estimated aggregate value of
at least. $44.0o.ooo.
"These articles were largely the
product of women's hands, and. by
the same token, infinitely more prec
ious than could hae been the output
of factories or machines. These art-id-
s going to the operating room
ot tl.e hospitals, to homeless or needy
refugees, and carrying comfort to our
own ho in tiie field, convey a nies
s.me i f love from the women of this
coiinliy. entirely distinct from the
gnat money aiue attaching to their
handiwork.
"l v the terms under which the Iirt
lied Cross war fund was raised, the
chapters were entitled to letain 25
per cent of the amount collected, in
order to defray local expenses, to car
ry on their home service work, to pur
chase materials to be utilized in chap
ter production and otherwise to meet
the numerous calls made upon them.
The chapters were thus entitled to
retain nearly $29,000,000. As a mat
ter of fact their actual retentions
amounted to only about $29,000,000.
Out of the collections from annual
memberships, the chapters have re
tained about $11,000,000.
"From this total sum, therefore, of
$33,000,000 retained by the chapters
they have met all of the often times
very heavy local demands upon them,
and in addition have provided for use
by National headquarters products
valued at upwards of $44,000,000.
"The chapters have in effect return
ed to the war council, not alone the
$33,000,000 retained out of the war
fund and membership duts but, In
value of actual product, an additional
contribution of at lea3t $11,000,000.
"It will thus be seen that during
the eighteen months which have
elapsed since the United States en
tered the war, the American people
will have either paid in or pledged
to the American Red Cross for its
work of relief throughout the world,
in money or In material values, net to
tal of at least $325,000,000.
"This outpourfng of generosity in
material things has been accompan
ied by a spontaneity in the giving,
by an enthusiasm and devotion in the
doing, which, after all, are greater
and bigger than could be anything
measured in terms of time or dollars.
"It has been because of this spirit
which has ptrvaded all American Red
Cross effort in this war that the aged
governor of one of the stricken and
battered provinces of France stated,
not long since, that, though France
had long known of America's great
ness, strength and enterprise, it re
mained for he American Red Cross
in this war to reveal America's heart.
"In this country, at this moment,
the workers of the Red Cross through
its chapters, are helping to add to the
comfort and health of the millions of
our soldiers in 102 camps and canton
ments, as well as of those traveling
on railroad trains or embarking on
shi:s for duty overseas.
"The home service of the Red Cross
with its now more than 40,000 work
ers, in extending its ministrations of
sympathy and counsel each month to
upwards of 100,000 fanrlies left be
hind by soldiers at the front a num
ber ever growing with the increase of
our men under arms.
' But of course, the heart of the
Red Cress and its money and atten
tion always move toward and focus
themselves In Europe. Nothing is
withheld that can be given over there
to supplement the efforts of our army
Do Not Relax Efforts in
Behalf War Work From
Belief of Peace Nearness
In the follow ing wire the State
Council of Defense of Arizona is
urged by Franklin K. Lane to
coninue its work without any re
laxation, due to the possibility of
an armistice.
Washington. Nov. 6, 191S.
State Council of Defense,
Phoenix. Ariz.
I earnestly beg you not to re
lax your efforts in the slightest
degree on account of the possi
bility of an early armistice. Even
if an armistice should be con-
VICTORY BOYS PLAN
WORK FOR DRIVE
The Victory Boys of tue Warren dis
trict have planned the work for the
coming united war work campaign.
The boys on the various committees
met at the Y. M. C. A. Saturday ev
ening at 7:3o and discussed their
plans for the coming week. Mr. J. B.
Potter opened the meeting by reading
a letter from the president to the na
tional war work chairman. About 25
boys attended the meeting.
The Victory Boys of Bisbee are to
earn and give about $500. The boys
cannot accept donations to pay up
their pledges, all the money must be
raised by doing odd jobs. The boys
are asked to pledge $5 but if a boy
OWING TO THE FAILURE OF AMENDMENT
NO. 100 TO CARRY,
Employers' Indemnity Insurance
IS OF SPECIAL INTEREST TO EMPLOYERS OF
LABOR AT THIS TIME
The EMPLOYERS MUTUAL INDEMNITY COM
PANY, of Phoenix, Arizona, is a mutual company operat
ing on a cash premium plan not on a reciprocal or assess
ment plan. . It furnishes its policyholders full protection at
ACTUAL COST of the insurance, whatever profits are
made being returned to the policyholders as dividends. It
is bonded by the National Surety Company, the largest
surety company in the world, and is the only indemnity
company doing business in Arizona that is bonded.
WHY NOT KEEP YOUR MONEY AT HOME
WHERE IT IS EARNED?
This company solicits your careful consideration and
investigation.
BRUCE PERLEY, RESIDENT AGENT,
Copper Queen Hotel Bldg., Bisbee. Ariz.
and navy caring for our own boys.
Our satisfaction is in the result, which
we are assured by Secretary Baker,
General Pershing, General Ireland and
all our leaders. Is of Inestimable val
ue and of Indispensable Importance.
"By the first of January, your Red
Cross-will have working In France
upwards of 5000 Americans a vivid
contrast to the little group of eigh
teen men and women, which, as the
first Red Cross commission to France,
sailed about June 1. 1917, to Initiate
our efforts in Europe.
"Under your commission to France
the work has been carefully organ
ized, facilities have been provided,
and effective efforts made to so co
operate with the army as to carry
out the determination of the Ameri
can people, and especially of the mem
bers of the Red Cross, that our boys
"over there" shall lack for nothing
which may add to their safety, com
fort and happinesjs.
"Your Red . Cross now has active,
operating commissions in France, in
England, in Italy, in Belgium, in
Switzerland, in Palestine and in
Greece. You have sent a shipload ot
relief supplies and a group of devoted
workers to northern Russia; you have
j dispatched a commission to work be
I hind our armies in eastern Siberia;
I you have sent special representatives
! to Denmark, to Serbia and to the Is
land of Maderia.
"Your Red Cross is thus extending
relief to the armies and navies ot oar
Allies, we are told by those best In
formed in the countries of our allies,
that the efforts of your Red Cross
to all the soldiers and to sustain the
morale of the civilian populations left
at home, especially in France and
Italy, have coastituted a very real
factor in winning the war.
"What the Red Cross may be called
upon to do in the further course ot
the war. or with the coming of vic
tory, peace and reconstruction, it
would be idle to attempt to prophesy.
But your great organization, in very
truth "the mobilised heart and spirit
of the whole American people," has
shown Itself equal to any call, ready
to respond to any emergency. We
cannot but believe that this wonder
ful spirit which service in and for the
Red Cross has evoked in this war.
is destined to become in our national
life and element of permanent value.
"At Christmas time we shall ask the
whole American people to answer the
Red Cross roll call. It will consti
tute an unique appeal to every man,
woman and child In this great land ot
ours to become enrolled in our army
of mercy. It is the hope ot the War
ccuncil that this Christmas member
ship roll call shall constitute a re
construction of the whole American
people, an Inspiring assertion to man
kind that in this hour of world trag
edy, not to conquer but to serve is
America's supreme aim."
eluded this does not mean that
the war is over, and in any case
the emergency will not be over
for a long time. Most of the
work which you have been called
on to perform must go on undi
minished and I hope every man
and woman in the Council of De
fense system will stay on the job.
In a few days will write you as to
the outlook for future work.
FRANKLIN K. LANE.
Chairman.
Field Division of the Council of
National Defence.
feels that he cannot earn $5 between
now and March first he may pledge
to his limit. The slogan ot the Vic
tory Boys Is "A Million Boys Behind a
Million Fighters." The money for the
pledges may be paid on signing the
; pledge or it may be paid in three In
Istalliuent as follows: $1.50 on De
iceraber 2, 191S; $150 on January 15.
1 1919, and $2 on March 1. 1919. The
i boys who have signed a pledge card
j will get a button from the committee
; w hich took his pledge.
1 The chairmen of the various com
jniittees are: For boys' department
' and Central school Earl V. Thomp-
son. For the Warren schools E. F.
i Honn. For Lowell schools L. R.
i Blohm. For Horace Mann and Lin
i coin J. B. Potter. For the high school
j Percy Page. For convent Edward
; Kelly. These chairmen will meet the
' members of their respective commit
1 tees Monday morning and give out the
pledge cards. THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 3, 1918.
FIVE
ARIZONA HERO HOME FROM "OVER THERE"
''
JOHN H. CLIFFORD HERE FOR MERCY CAMPAIGN
: Hero is John II. Clifford, "Doc of
y the Fifth," as ho is knoun, and sofne
i-Jt'-:'' -4- ' of his war trophies displayed in
I I- ''vC;.- , ; Phoenix yesterday. .
-,"" , ' : : '
If
p , " "t
H - f !
i V : s3 S -
i V- i i! "
f -rC f! i'JL-,' l( ' f ,
K ? 'i."':' i . i rj . - . ' ; , , I c, . !; '.. -V ' 'N, . . ii
k "' J As -lH'-'w"L' v 4
"Doc," hero of the Marne, Is in
Arizona. He arrived in the Warren
district this morning from Nogales.
He has been in this state for a week
in connection -with the United War
Work campaign for the Y. M. C. A..
Y. W. C. A., War Camp Community
service, American Library associa
tion. National Catholic War council,
Jewish Welfare board and Salvation
army. He speaks to severar meetings
in this city today, giving the workers
in the drive in this county informa
tion as to the service of the seven
allied organizations in France and
Europe.
that popular song every one knows, death they are picked men who know
which goes something like this:
"Katy, beautiful Katy, you're the
only good-looking girl that I adore;
when the moon shines over the hen
house, I'll be waiting for you at the
kitchen door."
Was the Rev. Mr. Clifford shocked?
Not he. He knew hard-boiled eggs.
He immediately switched his text
to "I'll be waiting for you at the
kitchen door," and told that gang of
future heroes that they should lead
clean lives so they could return un
shamcd to their mothers and the girls
waiting for them at the kitchen door.
They likod his line of talk. They
dscided he could stay with them.
Today Rev. Mr. Clifford is in the
how to die gamely and for the flag
they swear by and "Doc" Is one of
them.. -
There was the lad who had both of
his hands blown off.
"Can I do anything for you?" asked
the "Doc."
"Gimme a pill," said the 'soldier.
"Doc" had not tasted tobacco for
25 years. But the boy might die and
he had smiled when he asked for the
cigaret. That boy was playing a prac
tical joke, with death, hovering near
by, for the Marine knew that "Doc"
didn't smoke. So the paison went
him one better. He found a cigaret,
struck a match and started the pill
to burning. As be placed the tobacco
the
, . - . .t . Warrpn rtistrw-t Ho arrived this lciv.ci-u iuc uu, i.pa
Loc IS noi HMUStr iu - ----- ---- Vnun? fflloo.- nairl- .
morning, just seven weeKs alter ue
left his flock at Thiaucour, where the "Thank you "Dot," but when 1 get
Yanks mopped up the Huns once home 1 11 tell your wife that you have
more. He will remain, throughout inn J been smoking."
day; he will speak to several com-. The "Doc" is a modest fellow. He
mittee meetings, and those who will doesn't like to talk about the things
be privileged to hear the "Doc" will that he Iihs been through across the
be notified by telephone of the time I big pond. Hi is the owner of the
and the place of meetings. much coveted Croix de Guerre and
Of course. Rev. Mr. Clifford is glad I he keeps it in an inside pocket cited
Before the United States entered the
war hs was a pastor in Tucson Rev.
John H. Clifford of the First Baptist
church. Now he is an adopted mem
ber of the Marines, that fighting
wing of the United States army.
"Doc" is laid up now for a rest and
repairs, and while he is resting he is
campaigning for the United War Work
funds. He has ben assigned to the
Arizona district for this week, and
will assist with the work here and
elsewhere in this state.
"Doc" pried his way into the hearts
of the Marines, after they had de
clared against the entrance of Y. M.
C. A. men into th-ir ranks.
"We don't want you aro'ind here."
the Marines told the "Doc" on the
first day he reported with them. "The
Marines don't want the Y. M. C. A. j to leave lor the
parsons. You can go to hell as far as ; politely informed
to be bnck in Arizona, glad to shake
hands of people he knows here in his
old home state; but he is already
anxious to get back to his outfit, and
he is not scheduled to return until
some time in December.
Just to make sure that' he will re
turn to their organization, the Marines
with whom he has been going over
the top in all their battles, seized part
of his luggage as he was preparing
we are concerned." way he could get it back would be by
A cranky, hard-boiled Marine did the returning after his tour in America
talking. The place was France, soon land sticking with the gang until Fritz
lor bravery and he doesnt even wear
the badye that goes with it.
But his modesty is typical. It is
one of e many things that make
him a likeable man, a fellow whom
the Marines swear by. He will throw
off just a little of his reserve and
modesty when he tpeaks to the Bis
bee and Warren district committees
just enough to permit his telling of
some of the things which he has seen
United States and ( nufl d(,ne; enough of these things to
him that the only j ,.lrt ,h, l,l,,nl ,.f hii nn.litnrs run.
after the troops had landed. The
time was a cold, damp day.
"Well, son, I expect I would bo a
lot warmer in hill than I am here just
now," the Doc replied, and his answer
von for him the first soft spot grudg
ingly opened in the hearts of the Ma
rines. They didn't like the Y. M. '.
A., and Clifford was assigned to their
organization the organization which
later made history at Chateau Thierry,
and started tiio tide of wa in favor
of the allies. They are hard boiled
had been put out of business as a
war-maker. They felt that he would
not travel in the war machine with
any other company than theirs and
they are right about it but they were
just making sure that h will return
to them.
Down in this part of the southwest,
and for that matter all over the United
States, every op knows how Clifford
won the title of "Ioc." In the face j
of a deadly shell fire, Clilford, sulfer
;nr: with shr 11 shock; a doctor and a!
guys, those Marines. They are fight-i stretcher bearer, pushed their way to I
niag hot in their veins and to stir
them to greater efforts in behalf of
the United War Work campaign.
i
I
nig m"n and like only those who tan ; a trout irencu to rescue me coi-:
light. Tiicy imagined Cliflord v.d.j a one! of the regiment who had been J
weakling and could not go through ' wc inded severely. Kver since he has
what they knew was before them. I bei n one of iheiu nd his title has'
Hut that reply about the weatlvr been "Hoc." j
Hiid hell was the key to their quarters, j II - still smiles, this man who has I
Then, a few d:'s later, lu decided , been through a thousand hells since!
v
'piw in.
'6k6t cooa ICurgotr
that tlie boys needed a bit of relig-;
ious teaching. He called them to
gether and announced that service
would be opened with a soiig. Did
thay relent and sing a good, old hymn
their mothers had sung to them ulien
they were hahic?
They .lid not. Those gins w.;e
prejudiced nginst Y. M. (' A. ni.!i m
gi-neral and preacher in must in
stances. They beyau to sing "Katy," j
that night he told the roughneck that
he'! v (Mild be warmer tiian the ex- '
trri-ir of Frame lit that moment. He'
h is go:." over the top in every charge ,
made hy the marines, das seen many '
:'ie f;-r a great cause, has taken every
rial: ''.at s;ny marine has taken and
yet he smiles. That smil tha! sunny
li.-tosli ion is what makes him popu
lar witli the hard hitting Yanks.
Those boys will joke in the face of
Employ
Bcautv St
to l ul An
'loiUt Preparations
Employ the services of Marincilrt
r Spe--ars. hmov the s:itistai
There h a M irineo lVcprrition
and iM inP' ilo Tr-.rm.-t rv.".2l'-
adipred inyoitt F,?-y i.e. -U
ptrpK -.. -e ': "-' '''it
Jott lua lor.
McDonald's Marinclo Shop
Phone 305
CO
ORGANIZATION
MPLETE FOR
mjm
Committee Will Start Work
on Monday . Morning and
Hope to Put District Over
the Top in Shog Time
rie Bartlett, Victory Girls; and J. B. J
Potter, Victory Boys. -
The committee which will prepare
and serve the luncheons and the con-1
eluding dinner consists of Mrs. Rich- j
ard Thomas, chairman; Mrs. E. A.
Putnam, Mrs. Joe Downs, Mrs. J. P.
Williamson, Mrs. Arthur Notman, Mrs. ;
Hatter, Mrs. T. L. Houston and Mrs. j
A. G. Watkins.
INTREPID FLIERS
BREAK HUN ATTACKS
Complete organization of the teams
for the united war work campaign
which starts in the Warren district
Monday simultaneous with the inaugu
ration of the national campaign for
il70.o00.000 for the Y. M. C. A., Y. W.
C. A., War Camp Community service,
American Library association. Nation
al Catholic War council and Salvation
army, has been'- completed according
to announcement of J. C. Ryan, dis
trict chairman. Committee captains
have been named, committee members
selected and except in two instances
announced, and other details worked
out.
The first meeting of the workers
will occur on Monday when the cap
tains of the SO teams will meet with
the district officials and executive
committee for the distribution of
cards and the outlining of the work.
The card system of canvassing the
district will be used instead of the dis
tricting system, and the cards will be
distributed to the captains for team
members at this meeting. Other de
tails of the drive will be discussed and
disposed of.
One of the features of the campaign
will be the inauguration Tuesday of
the daily luncheon at the Y. M. C. A.,
providing the influenza situation, will
permit these meetings. At the close
of the campaign a banquet for all the
workers ot the district will be held,
when final reports will be read and
the campaign will be officially closed
with the announcement of tht dis
trict's total subscription. Captains will
be notified on Monday of the time and
place of the Monday meeting, and if
their team members are to report at
the first meeting.
The close regulations of the health
authorities in the district will some
what handicap the work of the com
mittees and teams, due to the fact that
meetings of more than a few members
will be prohibited. However, work
ers are planning on an easing off of
the quarantine regulations before the
close of the drive, with a consequent
assistance to the work at hand.
The list of team captains and mem
burs of the teams follows, the first
name being that of the team captain,
and the following names those of the
members:
1. Arthur Notman, M. J. Cunning
ham and M. Neuman.
2. T. O. McGrath, Joe E. Curry and
J. C. White. !
3. Mrs. W. J. Spaulding, Mrs. J. E. !
Chain, Mrs. Frances Cummings and !
Mrs. W. E. Oxshear.
4. Joseph Lutz. I
5. Mrs. C. L. Hunt, Mrs. C. S. I
Thompson, Mrs. Henry Pearce and j
Mrs. E. E. Ellinwood.
6. F. L. Wilriams, Fred Sutter, W.
A. Schwartz and J. M. Ball. I
7. Mrs. R. LaMore, L. J. Overlock,
John Caretto and Miss Alice. Con-i
nors.
8. E. , E. Whiteley, Jesse Yoakum, J
Howard Barkell and George Cobbe. i
9. Mrs. John Osier,. Dorothy I.1
Gregg, Mrs. E. A. Crocker and Mrs. '
J. T. Quick.
10. Joe Downs, James Allison, Jack '
McGregor and John P. Steffes. ,
11. Mrs. Arthur Houle. Mr. P. M.
Buckwalter, Mr. J. M. Ovens and 1
Miss Gertrude Crockett.
12. Sam Frankenberg, Harry Jacobs !
and Abe Berquist. j
13. Mrs. H. H. Bridge. Mrs. W. K. '
Tonkin, Mrs. Andrew Sinclair and i
Mrs. A. V. Megede. I
14. John Williamson. C. H. Phi!
brook. Mrs. Gilbert A. Maston and j
Miss KiiMierine Frisbie.
15. Mrs. Fred Juliff, Mrs. John Haw-
lings. Mrs. K. C. Campbell, Mrs. A. F. t
Craig and Mrs. Henry Holcomb.
16. Emil Marks, A. T. Soles, Stewart I
Grant and J. E. Brophy. I
17. Mrs. Frank Sinclair, Mrs. O. M. I
Alvin, Mrs. C. B. Fisher, Miss Edna ,
Sutherland. I
18. Frank Bledsoe, Gus Haigler,
Joe Sparks and Thoilief Olseit.
VJ. Mrs. Frank Duval, Barbara Wat-
kins, Mrs. George Perry and Mrs. K.
A. Bretherton.
20. F. B. Coles, C. W. Allen, K. A.
Bretherton and L. L. Gilman.
21. Mrs. Charles W. Allen, Mri. C.
W. Moon, Mrs. T. M. Enochs and Mrs.
G. 1). Hudson.
22. A. G. MeGn g ir. Mcllenry Mo
sier. O. C. Hngclder aud Clyde C.
Wolf.
2J. Mrs. F. E. Shine, Mrs. W. B.
Gohrinir, Mis. M. P. Johns. Mrs. Nor
man Pronger.
21. Tom Hughes, C. S. Thompson,
J. It. Henderson. I,. C. Campbell.
2"j. Miss Esther Frietlel, Lorraine
Cain. Daniel Shirk and Miss Edna
Newman.
2fi. Miss Minnie Dufty, Don Luis.
2i. Joe Walker. Shattuek and Dt nn
mines; Andiew Engles, P. A. Karto
iaiii and Glen Adams.
2.Y Thomas Cowperthwaite. Calu
met & Arizona mines, shift bosses.
2:t. Willinni Gridley, Copper Queen
mines; A. E. Cromer. A. M. Smock and
George Mieyr.
The executive committee for the
Wanv.i district follows:
J. C. Hyati, chairman; Pat lleiiry,
trt usurer; Mrs. C. 11. Hunt, chairman
women's organization; E. A. Putnam.
Y. M. C. A.; Mrs. A. W. Colton. Y. W.
C. A.; John Stetles. Knights of Colum
bia; .Mrs. C. II. Vail. American Lil
lary association; Mrs Sam FraukcU
berg, Jewinh Welfare board; Miss Ma-
GASOLINE TODAY
IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE AGREEMENT OF
THE GARAGE OWNERS OF THE DISTRICT, BY
WHICH ONE GARAGE WILL STAY OPEN ON
SUNDAY, WE WILL REMAIN OPEN TODAY,
SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 10. i . i
COCHISE MOTOR CO.
BEHIND THE BRITISH LINES IN
FRANCE. Sept. 28 (Correspondence of
the Associated Press.) How two Bri
tish airmen broke up an impending
German attack along the Somme was
told recently by Lt. L. Walmsley of
the Royal Air force.
"Two of the young airmen," he said,
"sighted a bridge over the Somme
which neither had ever seen before
In three months' constant patrolling
of this area.
"It was evidently a temporary affair
which the enemy had built during the
night, and if it was now being used to
pass across men and artillery for a
counter attack somewhere. It might
mean very serious developments for
the British troops who were holding
this particular section of front rath
er lightly.
"All doubt on this score was quick
ly settled, for a long gray line could
be seen leadine from the north across
the bridge to the south bank ot the
river, where a mass of about 400 sol
diers was gathered. Here indeed was
a target worthy of notice.
"The leading pilot dived almost ver
tically, released bis two bombs and
watched them burst In the river, miss
ing the bridge.
"The second pilot now dived and in
five seconds the Germans saw his sec
ond bomb strike the dead center ot
the bridge and explode with great
force, completely destroying and sink-1
ing the two middle pontoons. Detach
ed from the moorings, the remainder
broke away and began to float slowly
down stream.
"Realizing their plight, the Germans
who bad already crossed became
quite demoralized. Many plunged in
to the water, while others tried to
hide among the vegetation. Nothing,
however, could conceal them from the
devilish hail of lead which now poured
down from the air above them. Round
and round at a height of less than a
hundred feet circled the two English
airplanes, the piercing staccato of
their Vickers sounding high over the
drone of the engines. j
f or ten minutes tne siaugnter wem
on, with very brief intervals and then,
with their last round fired, the air
men turned for home, having accomp
lished as much foe their side as an im- j
portant trench raid in which hundreds I
of men might be engaged."
REPORT OF THE CONDITION OF
THE BANK OF BISBEE
AT BISBEE. IN THE STATE OF ARIZONA, AT THE CLOSE OF BUSINESS
NOVEMBER 1, 1918
RESOURCES
Loans and discounts, less due from directors
Overdrafts . - -
United States Bonds ".
State, County and Municipal Bonds
Other Bonds, Stocks. Securities, etc
Banking House, Furniture and Fixtures
Real Estate -
Legal Tender and National Bank Notes
Exchanges for Clearing -
Due from State and National Banks, Approved
Reserve Agents' -
Due from State and National Banks, not Reserv
Agents .' -
Assets not included under above heads, viz:
Mexican money, gold value
Internal Revenue Stamps -
War Savings Stamps
Jl.64l.817.89
3.304 53
927.779.35
166.625.64
142.113.15
33,306.03
5.13S97
74
153
1.066,
793.3S
,360.00
.05S.SO
,165.43
,074.27
Total
LIABILITIES
Capital Stock paid in
Surplus
Undivided Profits, Less Current Exp. and Taxes and
Interest paid
Individual Deposits subject to check
Savings Deposits 8S3,
Demand Certificates of Deposit 3,
Time Certificates of Deposit 93,
Certified Checks 257,
Cashier's check outstanding 13,
Due State .and National Banks 15,
Net Amount Due on Liberty Loan Subscriptions
Reserve for Taxes and Interest
050.19
155.00
751.43
140.07
296.24
592.99
$1,347,451.SS
4.:91.S5
5S.24
1.40S.45
4.275,4o3.9S
$ 50.0o0.00
50.000 00
176.434.18
J2.692.2S0.70
3,963.266.62
1.397.2;
34.337.93
$4,275,455.98
REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS
Total ..
State of Arizona, County of Cochise, ss.
I. C. S. THOMPSON, Cashier of the above named bank, do solemnly swear
that the abote statement is true to the Ixst of my knowledge anil belief.
C. S. THOMPSON.
Cashier.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 9th day of November. 191S.
T. A. HUGHES.
Notary Public.
My Commission expires March 4. 1920.
(Correct Attest) E. E. ELLINWOOD.
M. J. CUNNINGHAM.'
Directors.
Review Want Ads Bring Results
Be Patriotic!
DO YOUR XMAS.
SHOPPING EARLY
Government says, begin
Christmas shopping now. We
must crowd into this month
our Christmas s h o p p in g ,
which heretofore has been
principally done in December.
This is a simple thing for us to
do and to the government it
will mean conservation of
time, money and men. All
X'mas packages must be mail
ed by December 1 , and that
means only- three weeks more
of X'mas buying.
a" ".'.i.vi
I' J
We Invite You to Visit this Big,
Light, Airy Store within a Store
With its own staff of buyers and its own stock of dependable merchandise.
A store to be considered as much apart from our big store departments, as though it
were confined within outside walls and located in an entirely different building else
where in Bisbee only merchandise of merit is sold here. Women s ap
parel, men's clothing and furnishings, boys and girls wearables, footwear, dress goods,
notions, are all well represented, and our toy department is the biggest in Bbbee
Above all, this is to be a childrenrs Christinas and American made toys are to meet
the needs of America's children. The Fair has never had a more varied selection.
Visit the balcony department every time you are in the store.
EXTRA SPECIAL ALL NEXT WEEK!
Ladies Bungalow Aprons, 95c
Rcguhr $1.25 and $1.35 values, in percales and ginghams, in striprs. figured and
chec!:3, lare pockets, belled backs, Dutch necks, braid trimmed, made full and roomy.
)All Next Week,
14
tNTRANCE
UN
SUBWAY
sTREF.T
A"
or
MAIN
B'JlLDIf'C SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1918.
. t
City Briefs
Han anyone visited youT Or
have you entertained? If so, call
The Review after 6 p.m. and tell
the Society Editor, phone 39.
a
LEAVES FOR DOUGLAS.
Mrs. A. E. Zay of Higgins Hill left
yesterday afternoon for Douglas,
where she will locate.
WAS IN TOMBSTONE.
Attorney S. K. Williams went to
Tombstone yesterday "n business be
fore the superior court.
HERE ON BUSINESS.
Emil Schloss of the Clime Simpson
Grocery company is in the city from
Los Angeles, and will remain here for
a few days on business.
RECEIVES SAO NEWS.
Mrs. J. F. Cunningham of Warren
has received word statin? the death
of her sister. Miss Kathryn Monroe,
who died at Pittsburgh, i'a., after a
short illness of pneumonia.
yarn or knitting out or sewing of any lirilf CM I DDIOC
kind are kindly asked to return it to f ' UuLLIIlU nlUL
(ne women in cnitrge hi si. i iitilks,
hall either tomorrow atternoon or
Tuesday.
"FLU" HITS TOMBSTONE.
Dr. H. II. Hughart, local deputy
health officer, yesterday announced
that there were nine new cases of
Spanish influenza broke out in Tomb
stone, which makes a total of over 30
cases now prevalent in the city. L'n
doubtedly the "flu" has just "hit"
Tombstone and the doctor urges that
all precautions possible be taken by
the public in order to avoid contrac
tion.
CALL AT HEADQUARTERS.
If residents of the district who have
heretofore paid their Red Cross
pledges to collectors, will kindly send
checks, made payable to "Warren Min
ing District Chapter A. R. C, to P. O.
Box or make personal payments
at the Red Cross office, Library
building; it will relieve the collectors,
some of whom are deterred from mak
ing their usual caUs through epidemic
conditions.
IS IMPROVING RAPIDLY.
The many friends in the district of
Mrs. W. G. Gilmore of Tombstone,
will be pleased to learn that she is im
proving rapidly from a recent slight
operation.
MORE MEN CALLED.
The local board has called the fol
lowing additional men for entrainment
for Kelly Field : A-S933, Charles
Joseph Feeley, Benson; A-4718, Rob
ert Otis Page; A-2240, Thomas W.
Cooper; A-3477, Erie Choate, Douglas.
FUNERAL TODAY.
The funeral servces over the "' re
mains of Mrs. Rose Nichols, who died
yesterday morning following a short
illness, will be held this afternoon at
2 o'clock from the family residence on
Tate hill. Rev. Father Mandin will
officate.
COPPER QUEEN GUESTS.
Emil Schloss. Los Angeles; D. A.
Synie, M. F. Baker, Boston; J. C.
Coppage. Philadelphia; W. K. Hutch
ins, Globe; O. J. Catey, Ohio; E. E.
McKitterick, Cananea; L. N. Much,
Lincoln, Neb.; E. A. Tays, Sinaloa,
Mex.
REVIEW OPERATOR LEAVES.
Frank A. Scow, telegraph operator
for the Review and better known to
his many friends in the district as
"Red." has resigned his position and
will leave this morning for El Paso,
where he has accepted a position with
the Western Union company. Mr.
Scow has many friends not only with
the Review force, with whom he has
been employed for the past nine
months, but many others who hate to
see him leave, yet give him their well
wishes for "good luck."
IS CARRIED ON
STAFF OF LIFE
PRICES SET BY FOOD ADMINIS
TRATION GENERAL THROUGH
OUT COUNTY; BISBEE COM
, PARES FAVORABLY JWITH OTH
ER CITIES AND IS SOME LOWER
the response and even yet there mny
lie much left in o:ir lioniPs to give
whatever little garment we may have.
so let us look through our sloi K ot
clothing and sep if there Is not a
small garment or some kind that we
j might give, for every garment given
j toward this purpose will help treatly.
j The collection will he made as soon
as the quarantine is lined ami it is
considered safe. : The need is very
great for the poor and suffering
people. Further notice will be given.
MRS. E. E. EI.LINWOOD.
Chairman.
UNDELIVERED TELEGRAMS.
A. P. Ncconas, John Nea! Brown,
Casey Jones, William James Kirk,
Mrs. Bruce Cauthen, Mrs. R. J. Wears
(death), Mrs. Ted Rhodes, Ethel Bow
land (death), Mrs. Alva Corley, J. H.
Long, E. Doyle, Maggie Allen (death),
Jose G. Arvzo, Tom Deauty.
PASS THROUGH BISBEE.
Attorneys A. M. Sames, W. C. Mc
Fariands, D. A. Richardson, Bruce
Stephen Stephenson, Frank Doan and
Robert N. French, county attorney
elect, passed through Bisbee yesterday
from Douglas on the way to Tomb
stone where they went on business.
FUNERAL IS POSTPONED.
The funeral services over the re
mains of Mrs. F. J. Bowden, which
were to be held this afternoon, have
been postponed until tomorrow aft
ernoon at 3 o'ciock owing to relatives
which are expected to arrive from
California. '
RELIEF FROM MONOTONY.
. The first Saturday after the quar
antine is lifted a large card party will
be given at the Country club for the
benefit of the permanent blind fund.
The public is Invited and every effort
will be made to make it the best party
of the season, financially as well as
socially.
FUNERAL TODAY.
The funeral services over the re
mains of Andy Johnson, who was kill
ed in a mine accident Thursday morn
ing, will be held this afternoon at 3:30
o'clock from the Palace parlors. Gus
Johnson, a brother of the deceased, is
expected to arrive here this morning
from California and two other broth
ers, Oscar and Otto, are also expected
here from Lordsburg. Frank Johnson,
another brother of the deceased, who
is in Texas, has not yet been located.
Andy is widely known in the district
and has many friends who regret to
hear of his death.
FOR "VICTORY GIRLS."
The girls of Yuma county have chal
lenged the girls of every county In the
state in saying that they will be the
ones to go "over the top." Are you
going to let them win out? I should
say not Try to make your pledge $5
if possible, for you have until March
1. 1918. in which to raise it. No
pleges will be accepted unless the in
dividual is determined to earn the
amount pledged for. You are not loyal
to the "Victory Girls" if you solicit
the money. Sacrifice is to be the key
note of this drive. If a member of the
"Victory Girls'" team should happen
to overlook you, bring or send your
pledge to Miss Marie Bartlett at the
Y. W. C. A. The Bisbee quota is to
be $450. Let's double it.
FUNERAL HELD TOMORROW.
The funeral services over the re
mains of Mrs. Mabel Ligon, who died
yesterday morning at her home in Co
chise, will be held tomorrow after
noon at 2 o'clock from the Hennessy
parlor. The deceased is survived by
a husband, Curtis M. Ligon, who re
sides in this city.
RED CROSS SEWING.
Miss Duffy wishes to announce that
all Catholic women are requested to
attend the regular Red Cross sewing
classes held at St. Patrick's hall, com
mencing tomorrow afternoon. An urg
ent appeal is sent to all sewers, at
this work is overdue and must be fin
ished as soon as possible. A new ship
ment of sewing material has arrived
and is on hand. Those who have any
MUST SEND PENALTIES.
County Treasurer H. S. Ross yester
day announced that he wished it made
plain among taxpayers who have al
lowed the first installment of their
taxes to become delinquent, that it
was useless to send in the amount of
their taxes to the office without at
taching the penalties. Yesterday, be
stated, 31 remittances were received
from various parts of the county bear
ing no extra allowance for penalties,
while the day before his office had
to return in the neighborhood of 50.
The taxpayers evidently do not under
stand that the penalties must be paid
If they allow their taxes to go de
linquent, even if the remittance Is
sent in the next day. The first Install
ment of state an county taxes became
delinquent on Monday, the 4th, and
those who have become delinquent
should pay up as soon as possible be
fore the penalties become heavier.
MARRIAGE LICENSES. ,
Last week was a short week on the
issuance of bliss tickets, probably due
to the excitement and stress and of
election. Nevertheless, no matter
what be the cause Cupid failed to get
in, his usual work, for the following
were the only ones issued from the of
fice of Clerk J. E. James: Thomas E.
Gordon to wed Johnnie M. House, Ft.
Huachuca; Lorenzo C. Pulsipher and
Julia Felding. Douglas; Peter M. Stat
hakos and Effie Alexander, Bisbee;
Ruben Comaceo and Maria Ava Bar-
PAY CASH -PAY LESS
EXTRA FANCY
Smooth California
BURBANK
otafoes
p 70
0cwt.
j Slightly higher than those of
inferior quality, but you will save
more than the difference.
J. B. ANGIUS
PURE FOOD GROCER
Phone 29
U. S. Food Administration License No. G-16109
The fair price list in today's paper
carries the new selling price on local
bread of ten cents for pound loaves
and 15 cents for pound and a half
loaves. These prices have been set by
the food administration and are gen
eral throughout the country. Bread
shipped in from outside points will be
retailed at 13 cents for the pound
loaves and 20 cents for the pound and
a half loaves.
Consumers should insist upon the
observance of the prices published,
and where they find that dealers are
disregarding the rair price list, com
plaint should be made to the price in
terpreting board. Such complaints
should be accompanied by sales ticket
Many people, however, do not un
demand the reference to grades. The
prices quoted on bacon are for the
ordinary grade where sold in the en
tire . piece, and the price . quoted on
sliced bacon is for the fanciest grade
of parchment paper wrapped bacon
Where consumers buy an entire piece
of the fancy bacon the price would be
lower than for sliced bacon, but high
er than the price on ordinary bacon.
'There is a wide range in the selling
price of eggs. The maximum price
governs the fanciest California white
eggs that are shipped in by express.
There is, however, a price on April
storage eggs which is 36 cents per
dozen lower. This quality is recom
mended to the consumer for cooking
purposes particularly.
The wide range in the prices of
cheese at retail, from 40 to 49 cents, is
due to the fact that some dealers con
tracted cheese early in the season and
this cheese is owned by them at eight
to ten cents per pound less than the
price asked by the manufacturers at
the present time. Dealers are restrict
ed in their profits and consequently
some are selling fancy New York state
cheese at lower prices than the cheap
er types of cheese.
It has been brought to the attention
of the price interpreting board that
many people do not understand the
selling price of Victory flour. The
food administration prescribes that
mills cannot sell Victory flour at a
higher price than their straight wheat
flour. However, there are different
prices on straight wheat flour due
to the location of the mill. Mills in
Kansas and Colorado have an advant
age in freight rates on wheat, also on
flour. --The only Victory flour ship
ped to this district at the present time
originates in Oklahoma, and the sell
ing price has been higher than the
price of Kansas and Colorado flour.
this weeks price list shows a re
duction on barley flour bread and
butter, with a slight advance on rolled
oats and storage eggs.
The members of the board have had
an opportunity to compare the local
prices with the prices issued by
boards in other cities. The newspaper
clippings show that Bisbee compares
very favorably with Los Angeles and
El Paso, and the prices are on a par
with those ruling in the larger cities
of Arizona and in many instances
lower than prices in the majority of
the state.
JOHN ANGIUS,
JOHN RUSSELL,
R. J. HART,
ED. CLOUTHIER,
SAM VERRAN.
P. M. BUCKWALTER,
E. C. CAMPBELL.
rics, Bisbee; Ysidio Carranza and Ro
sario Soto, Douglas; Wm. Smith and
Mary Storey, Douglas; Oliver W.
Stacey and Vivian Webking, Douglas;
Uriel Jordan and- Caldalaria Unqueta,
Biscbee; Thomas Varaina and Warda
luper de la Toro, Plrtleville; J. A.
Bryant and Juana Sandavol, Bisbee;
Myram W. Mitchell and Rosa W.
Haile, Bisbee; Zeke Tasbey and Lil
lia Leslie, Douglas; Quellerma Pena
and Casimera Cabrera, Douglas.
SERGEANT MILES HERE.
Sgt. Ed Miles has arrived In the city
from Camp Travis, San Antonio, Tex.,
and will remain here for a few days.
LETTERS FROM FRANCE.
Mr, and Mrs. F. C. Hurst have re
ceived a letter from their son, Sgt.
F. C. Hurst, Jr., of the 340th Field
Artillery, now in France, stating that
he is fine and always has plenty to do,
and that the boys "Overthere" enjoy
nothing more than a good smoke. He
also said that George Vaughan and
Fred Krigbaum who are in his com
pany, are feeling fine and in the best
of spirits.
DIES OF PNEUMONIA.
Miss Gwendelen Ruthledge, a local
school teacher, died at the home of
her sister, Mrs. John Hawley of Moon
canyon, last night following a short
illness of pneumonia. Miss Ruthledge
came to this city from Quincy, 111.,
about seven months ago and has since
that time taught school in Warren.
The remains are at the Palace mor
gue waiting further arrangements for
funeral services.
APPEAL IS MADE
FOR CLOTHING
An appeal has just came from the
emmission for relief in Belgium ask
ing for 20,000 tons of clothing. This
appeal has been made since the drive
held last September from the 23rd to
the 30th.
Bisbee has been very generous in
AUTHENTIC FIGURES
PLACE COLTER'S
MAJORITY AT 788
CHECKING YESTERDAY SHOWS
THAT THERE WAS AN ERROR
MADE IN REPORT FROM DOUG
LAS PRECINCT WHICH CUT MA
JORITY DOWN
The majority of Fred Colter, demo
cratc candidate for governor in Co
chise county, is now placed at 7S8.,
In checking up the figures yesterday
from The Review office with A. C.
Karger. clerk of the board of super
visors, it was discovered that the vote
in Douglas precinct for Campbell
should have been 108 instead of 88.
This correction was afterward veri
fied from Douglas. In one or two
other instances there were slight
errors so that The Review figures of
yesterday morning were reduced from
610 to 7S8. When the election sup
plies were sent out to the various pre
cincts there were enclosed two slips
with the names of the candidates on
and a request that they be filled out
by a member of the election board and
mailed in one to A. C. Karger, clerk
of the board outside of the official
returns and the other to The Review.
On account of the continued requests
for the vote received from each pre
cinct for the governor there is given
below the vote each received in every
precinct and the soldiers' vote. The
tabulated statement on another page
of this issue contains the total vote
in the county for all the candiadtes.
Adams still leads for hold-over super
visor: Colter Campbell
St. David 38 42
Buena 43 31
Mescal 17 1
Bowie 85 51
Pool 9 5
Pearce 30 30
Bisbee
INFLUENZA WAVE
IS IMPROVING IN
WARREN DISTRICT
MAY BE MODIFICATIONS OF
QUARANTINE REGULATIONS
SOME TIME DURING THIS WEEK
REPORT OF HEALTH OFFICERS
(with 9' votes, out, including Fredonia,
: north of the Colorado, which went for
.Campbell in 1916.
1 (3) Complete.
4 Maricopa One small precinct,
'McDowell, still out; reported stood 2
to 2. returns sealed up.
(5) Mohave Thirteen precincts
with 134 votes out. including Moeca
. sin. Burro Creek. Grand Gulch. Glen-
i In reriird to the lilti'ng of the quar
j tine. Dr. ('. H. Hunt, county health
officer, and Dr. I), i'.rown. city health
I officer, stated lu.-t night that there
j is a possibility of moderating ihe
quarantine tomorrow and if the aver
age number of influenza, cases does
uoi excee-j me numoer oi ti;e past
two days the quarantine may be lifted
by fie lattt-r part of the week. No
action has yet been determined by
the health authorities, "yet. if the
quarantine is moderated." stated )tr.
Hunt, "the chureh'.-s, schools and thea
ters will be the last of nublic gather
ing places to be opened."
The number of cass reported yes
terday numbered 29. showing a slight
decrease in the number of cases re
ported the two previous dnys. Dr.
Hunt stated that in Willcox, the con
dition is improving rapidly and pool
halls have already been opened, while
at Johnson the situation Is serious.
There has been an increase in the !
number of cases with several deaths .
wood. Kolhnus, Ranch. Signal. Wil
lows. Littlefield. Topoc, Short Creek.
Mt. Trumhull. Colter's majority will
not be over 4'iO.
6) Navajo One precinct, Indian
Wells, with nine votes, out.
(7) Pima Two precincts, Quijo
toa. and Condon, out; will not change
results.
(8) Yuma Two small precincts,
Cibola and Norton, out
MANY RENEW THEIR
ADOPTION OF
FRENCH ORPHANS
COMMITTEE IN CHARGE TO GIVE
DANCE AT COUNTRY CLUB, AFT
ER QUARANTINE IS RAISED,
FOR BENEFIT OF FATHERLESS
CHILDREN OF FRANCE
NEWS FROM THE
RED CROSS SHOP
Busmess at the Red Cross Shop is
i constantly increasing, so much so that 1
it is often times difficult to obtain j
enough clothing to supply the demand, i
i The new people coming into the rtis-
trict have found a place where very
, good clothing, and many other things.
: may be purchased Tor a reasonable,
; sum. The clothing sent in is looked I
i over and if need be repaired by thobe
! who give their services for that. Ther!
'is a great demand at present 101,
I men's clothing and a willingness to
I pay good prices.
The receipts of the shop for the past
two months have beeu greater than
over hfrtro fimmntinir in 7K
resulting. This sudden increase m.ty I Thia haa ... ' - H. , hari,'
be attributed to th change of weather.
i work and helpers have been few. The
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
299
221
162
106
225
142
Benson 52
Courtland 49
Gleeson -62
Curtis 11
Turner 32
Tombstone
Lusk . .
Pirtleville .
Douglas
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
1 .
2 .
3 .
4 .
5 .
6 .
7 .
8 .
9 .
10.
132
26
169
103
159
152
85
197
246
85
66
99
70
36
Whitewater
San Simon 102
West Huacji 11
Warren : . . . . 205
Lowell
No. 1 377
No. 2 186
No. 3 158
Garces 26
Willcox 144 -
Dragoon ' 13
McAllister . 7
Rucker ! 23
Webb 31
McNeal 51
Naco 1.x.. 25
Fairbank 7
Don Luis 42 ;
Wilgus 8
Dos Cabezas 12
Johnson 19
Centbrige 31
Robinson 19
Light 32
Paradise '. . . . 29
Cochise ' 39
Servoss 17
Heieford 43
Bernadino 5
El Dorado 8
Soldier Vote 18
157
125
238
173
235
82
72
18
29
9
7
175
24
91
95
152
82
157
1S8
108
60
174
131
48
26
42
3
372
138
76
66
52
144
11
5
10
33
34
50
29
8
17
14
IS
19
3S
19
27
22
21
13
10
11. noeer. uie imiuenza couuiuon various needs of the Red Cross make
in this district will be sufficiently I If i,,,hvo that mnn V reA n
the lifting of the ' vprv w;iv nnssihle and how ran heln
continued Dr. j j,e pjven more easily than to donate
to the Red Cross that which you cau-
abated to warrant
quarantine, "the public
Hunt, "is warned not to stop all pre
cautionary measures but to keep on
their watch just the same." i.
CAMPBELL MAJORITY
IS NOW PUT AT 333
PHOENIX. Ariz.. Nov. 9. With
only 22 precincts to hear from Tom
Campbell has been elected by an
estimated majority of 333. Of these : reasonable price.
iz, lour are new precincts, with a
small total vote. Of the remaining
18 Hunt in 1916, received 56 votes
and Campbell 38. If this ratio is
maintained in their returns this year
Campbell will still win by 315 votes.
The latest figures are as follows:
County " Campbell Colter
not use yourself, whether it be cloth
ing, furniture, books. Jewelry, any
thing which can be used. The Red
Cross Shop is looking forward to a j
great Christmas sale and already
i many fancy things sent in have been i
put away for that time but still more ;
are needed, especially books and toys.
We sincerely hope that this call will
be responded to as the shop wishes
to make Christmas possible for all
children where the very thing that
they most desire may be bought at a
The results of the work for the adop
tion of the Faiherle-s Children of
France is being done here by the so
ciety organized in Bi.sliee and Douglas
last year, for the purpose of conduct
ing the work in the respective dis
tricts show what has been accomplish
ed during the past week.
Some renewals have leen made
while a number of new adoptions are
now also listed among the names of
those having already adopted a fath
erless chi!d. It is expected that many
more who have not yet responded to
this urgent call will do so as soon as
possible tor the committee inharge
is most eager to have the list of names
for adoptions rise to a high number.
Arrangements have been maue to
give a dance tor the benefit of the
fatherless children as socn as the
quarantine is raised. This dance will
be given at the Country club.
Those having renewed their adop
tion of one child for the year are:
The Bisbee Ore. W. A. Meyer. J. E.
Curry, W. B. Ghoring, Harry Hannin
ger, Jeannette ewman. C. S. Thom
son. Mrs. John Foster. Mrs. B. A.
Packard. Douglas. Ariz., and S. W.
French. Pasadena. Calif.
Four children. W. H. Brophy.
Seven children by the Douglas com
mittee, Douglas, Ariz.
Two children. Mr. and Mrs. William
Adamson, Douglas, Ariz.
The following are the new adop
tions made by those pledging to adopt
one child for a year: Dr. J. J. Hem
ming. Ana Garel. Sacaton. Ariz.;
Charles Smith and J. M. Shipman.
both of Nacozari, Sono., Mex.
Business Locals
Apache (1) .
Coconino (2)
xCochise . . . ,
xGila
Graham (3 .
xGreenlee . . .
Maricopa (4)
Mohave (5) ..
Navajo (6) ..
Pima (7)
xPinal
xSanta Cruz .
xYavapai
Yuma (8) ...
137
38
60
ROCKHILL'S STAGE. j
Bisbee-Tombstone. Leaves Bisbee 1
1:30 p. m. 7 j
Adv. 1
I Bisbee Auto Co., 7 a. m
rnone msDee a.
788
765 1 Dr. Playfair. Osteopath, 98 Mason
431 Hill, Mason car stop. Phone Blue 617.
368 1 . Adv. 231
791
639
88
357S
, 1
317 1 L. L. Oilman sells the New Edison,
26 "The Phonograph With a Soul."
Painter and Paper Hanging
I C. J. BRANDT
;; Box 150
Phone 456
45
. Totals
Campbell's majority 333.
x Complete.
i (1) Apache Four precincts, St.
Michaels, Ganado. Cooley's Clinlee,
Luckbauck. out; went for Campbell in
1916.
(2) Coconino Three precincts,
lr
(TOO LATE TO CLASSIFY.)
FOR KENT Housekeeping rooms
across second track from Lowell de
pot. 35 Upper Lowell. 636
HOTEL LETSON Main street. Phone
C5J. Exceptionally clean, quiet,
nicely furnished rooms. Special
rates to permanent guests. 475
likJooes Isfien
WICKREN STUDIO
MAZE ELDG.
VOICE BUILDING. TONE PRO
DUCTION AND THE ART
OF SINGING
From the beginning to the highest
Perfection.
Exponent of Garcia's infallible
voice method, which embodies
style, diction; in French. Italian
and English languages.
FREE VOICE TRIAL
Hours, 1:30 to '2:30
Wednesday and Saturday
For appointment call green 721
Total ....4898 4110
A majority of 788.
EIGHTEEN TO LEAVE
FOR CODY ON 15TH
The following is the list of drafted
men who will report to the local boar
in Tombstone at Jl a. in., November
15, for entrainment to Camp Cody,
N. M.:
Lars John Sunden, Dxiuglns, Ariz.
Ray Floyd, Lincoln, Neb.
Percy Hartford, Slaughters, Ky.
Norman E. Bigelow, Bisbee, Ariz.
John Wm. Jones, Tucson, Ariz.
Cecil Nagely, San Francisco. Calif.
Wm. H. Wallace, Bisbee. Ariz.
Robt. G. Calleson, Lowell, Ariz.
Earl Mann. Carthage, Mo.
Henry Deutsch. Lowell, Ariz.
vLino Farris, Phoenix, Ariz.
Ira Winhlgler, Demlng. N. M.
Forest F. Furrey, Glendale, Ariz.
Eugene G. Ruffner, Denver. Colo.
Ernesto Archer, Douglas, Ariz.
Leland D. Sloan, Danville, 111.
FUNERAL MONDAY.
, The funeml services over the re
mains of Walter McGraw, the 8-year-old
son of Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Mc
Graw of Warren will be held from
the family residence at 1:30 o'clock
Tuesday afternoon.
Richard Glaze, Oph. D.N.D.
Practice Limited to Eye and Nerve
Disorder.
Phone 156. Office and residence
first house west of Masonic Temple,
Main Street. Bisbee, Arizona.
Glasses fitted by the latest methods.
Chicken Feed
Wood, Coal and Hay
INDEPENDENT
FUEL & FEED COIUP'Y
UPPER MAIN STREET
Phone 235
Gas Fired Water Heater
For Attaching
to Your
Range Boiler
Provides abundant supply of
hot water at reasonable cost.
Call at our store and ask for
demonstration, or make re
quest for representative to call
upon you.
hi ! 3
fl 'i
I
j! I - I
tl! sari
pi '
I
Bisbee Improvement Co.
SEND THE REVIEW TO FRIENDS. SOCIETY
SECTION
Edited by
LEE BROWN
MINING
SECTION
Edited by
(WILLIAM T. OWEN ',
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
VOL. 21, NO. 129.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1918.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
MINES, MINING, LOCAL STOCKS AND COPPER
LESS INFLUENZA,
WITH NEW CLASSIFICATION
FOR MINERS, ENCOURAGING
Constant Decrease in Amount.of Sickness Here, Shown by
Reports From Various Mines, While Announcement That
Miners Automatically Would Receive Class Two Classifi
cation, Is Element of Gratification to Those Who Wish to
See Copper Produced As Rapidly As Possible; Copper
Queen Working Under Considerable Handicap Because of
Burned Supply House
The labor situation in the Warren district this week looks much better
than it has for some time, on account of several elerants. Chief among
these is the decrease in the number of influenza cases, which have shown a
steady lessening. Inquiry late in Uie week developed the information that
there were not nearly as many men laying off because of sickness as there
had been previously. That means that more ore can be mined than has
been possible for several weeks.
Another element which gives an encouraging look to the situation is
the announcement made by Edward Higgins of San Francisco, appointed by
the federal bureau of mines to pass upon applications for furloughs of metal
miners, for the purpose of returning to the mining field, that there was
distinct possibility of the applications being passofl upon favorably. Should
this be done, their furlougliB would be made indefinite in term, only neces
sity calling for their revocation.
In addition, it was announced that men engaged in the production or
metals and ferro-alloy minerals are entitled to class two classification auto
matically. This would mean that men in the mines here would not hare
to enter the service until all class one men had been used.
Among the advisors who have been named to confer with the metal
producers regarding the exemption of their employes, is Dr. L. D. RicketU
cf Warren. Dr. Ricketts' familiarity with the mining situation in the south
west and particularly this state, made it certain that he would be sympa
thetic with the movement and would do all he could to retain as large a
force of competent men underground as possible.-
The Copper Queen mines have been working under difficulties since
the large warehouse with its stock of mining supplies was burned ten
days ago. By extraordinary effort al! departments have been running at
something approximating normal, and it now is believed that the situation
can be tided over until renewal of a large part of the supplies will allow
the operatives to relax their efforts to some extent. There were many
things destroyed, of course, which cannot be replaced immdiately but by
drawing upon the warehouse at Douglas and by replacement and salvage,
the difficult situation is being overcome to some extent.
ARIZONA-BiSBEEiLl GOOD FORTUNE IS
llffiPlHEl! ATTENDING HARRY
WORK ONCE MORE JENNINGS, MINER
After About a Year of Idle
ness, Sinking Has Been Re
sumed in Shaft. Near Don
Luis
Although organized about a year
ago with capitaliation of 1,000,000
shares of a par value of $1 each, the
. ArionarBisbee Copper Mining com
pany has been idle for the greater '
part of its existence because' of the :
exigencies of the war situation. It
was only recently when the war In
Europe took such a1 favorable turn
that it was decided to reopen work and
the shaft is going aown as rapidly at
present as compressed air behind the
drills can make the holes in which to .
place blasting powder.
The company was organized with a
board of directors, composed of Ned
Creighton of Phoenix. James Letson
of Los' Angeles, George Hershman of
Phoenix, D. J. McGarey of Los An
geles, Dr. Craig of Phoenix. The offi
cers are Ned Creighton, president and
general manager; James Letson, vice
president, and George Hershman, secretary-treasurer.
Active management
of the work is under direction of
Harry Jennings, who has been select
ed as superintendent.
Among the stockholders who prob
ably will become members of the
board of directors soon are Harry A.
Clark and J. E. Murphy of Douglas
and Owen E. Murphy of Lowell. They
were among the original owners of
the ground an hold large blocks of
the company stock.
The company property consists of
19 claims lying south and west of the
White Tail Deer of the Copper Queen
company. A 2-compartment Bhaft
which was started some time ago has
been opened up and now is being sunk
once more, the present depth being
80 feet. It is intended to drive it
down 200 feet before any drifting is
done. At the depth a station will be
cut and a drift run nncer the Esca
brosa fault, a prominent feature of
the surface topography of that part
of the Warren district. It is the hope
and belief of Mr. Jennings that ore
will be found at that depth and pos-
COUPLED
Elected to Legislature and at
Same Time Strike of Ore
in Boras Lease Near Don
Luis
When fortune decided to smile upon
Harry Jennings of this city, she not
alone smiled, but actually laughed. In
no' other way can it be explained that
all in one , week he was elected a
member of the state legislature' by a
handsome majority, while as superin
tendent of - the Boras Leasing com
pany, operating a property near the
White Tail Deer, he was able to an
nounce that a good strike of copper
ore had been made. At the same time
it 'was learned that a nody of silicious
silver ore, lying near the surface on
the Boras, had been developing far
better than had been hoped and now
was between five and six feet in
width.
The new copper strike consisted of
a full face of 8 per cent rock in the
north drift on the 200 foot level. This
percentage, of course, places it in the
commercial class, while it is not so
high as to preclude the belief that
there may be a large body of it. ' De
velopment work thus far has been all
in ore for several days.
The silver ore, which started in
quite a narrow streak, has been
broadening out constantly.
sibly even shallower.
Reports from Dr. Harvey Weed and
o(her prominent geologists and min
ing experts support the belief that
the Arizona Bisbee iias an excellent
future before it. Even had these re
ports not been rencered its proximity
to the White Tail Deer and the Wol
verine would lend color to the belief
that it has fine chances for making a
mine.
The company's surface equipment is
of the best, consisting of a 60-horse-power
West Coast gas engine and a
12 by 10 air compressor.
-Work on this ground will be pushed
as rapidly as possible and It is hoped
within the next few months to bring
in another producer in that end of the
district, which for some time has held
the attention of local mining men.
GREAT U. S. NAVAL
i iW',, TtPMki 1
U. S. 16
Siammoth 16-inch caliber guns,
ies.EnsJ for use on our dread
noughts. 'are noundimr awav at
COMPANIES HELP
10 LOWER TAXES
EOR REST OF OS
Were It Not for Large
Amounts Paid by Them
Into State ;Treasury Our
Assessments Would Be Big
That the mining companies of the
state tend to reduce taxation is evi
denced by the recent report of the
state board of equalization. This re
port shows that four-fifths of the
state's money is derived from the
mines. The lowering of the tax rate
to 39 cents on $100 was made pos
sible by the increased valuation of
the mines, which valuation is the re
sult of increased production. Without
the mines, and to keep the state with
the many advantages which it now en
joys in educational facilities, good
roads, etc., the taxes would be five
times as much as at present, or about
$2 per S100.
Every encouragement given by the
farmer, the cattleman and the busi
ness man in the development of min
ing In the state to the increased pro
duction of the mines means less
taxes for them.
A notable example comes in Pima
county, where the Incoming of one
mine almost double the assessed val
uation of the county, thereby permit
ting, along with a decreased tax rate,
more money for Improvements.
.Cochise ' county, with assessed val
uation or J169, 34S, 406. 17, as equalized
by the state board of equalization,
leads the mining counties of the state,
and therewith all the rest.
The six farming counties outside of
Maricopa county have a total as
sesse valuation of less than half of
the Cochise county valuation. Includ
ing Maricopa county, with valuation
of $97,367,077, all seven of the farm
ing counties have less than $10,000,000
more valuation than Cochise county.
The seven mining counties in the
state represent $654,957,350.35 of the
state's total assessed valuation of
$834,020,532.22. Next to Cochise coun
ty In the list is Gila, with $163,647,
782.48. Yavapai county is third in the
mining list with $130.375.3S1.62.
The mining counties will pay into
the state treasury on the tax rate of
39 cents on the $100, which has been
fixed for the year, in round numbers.
about $2,700,000. The other counties,
exclusive of Maricopa, will pay a
total of about $700,000 of the entire
tax collections Tor the state, or about
$3,400,000.
At no time like the present is it so
necessary for every one In Arizona
to pull together. There Is plenty of
time for cheering when we have won
the war.
Copper, the one big product of Ari
zona, is one of the most essential
munitions of war, and the production
of 800,000.000 pounds of copper an
nually makes Arizona a war muni
tions state. Labor, mine operators,
cattlemen, farmers and business men
In the state should unite to create the
highest possible efficiency in quan
tity production as a matter of loyalty
during the war.
Energy should be Bpent as never
(Continued on Pact Two)
GUNS HAMMER HUNS ON
- inch caliber gun mounted for land duty
German defences ar.d railroad cen
ters on the western front. They
are the biceeit land raa ever
ALUMINUM fROSPEGTS
BRIGHT AT PRESENT
IN THIS COUNTRY
UNITED STATES PROVIDES ONE
THIRD OF THE WORLD'S PRE
WAR PRODUCTION THE IM
PORTANT FACTORIES BEING
RUN BY WATER AT NIAGARA
The annual product ton of aluminum
before the war was about CS.OOO tons.
The important factories in the United
States are the two at Niagara Falls,
with a capacity of 50,000 h. p. and one
at Messena of 100,000 h. p. capacity. In
Canada there is a factory at Shawlni
gan Falls of 60,000 h. p. capacity.
These four factories all belong to the
Aluminum Company of America.
. In France there are factories with
ah aggregate capacity of about 100,000
h. p., viz., Societe Electrometallurgi
que Francais with factories at La Praz
and at Gardanes; and Compagnie des
Produits Chemique8 d'Alais, with fac
tories at Calypso, at Felex and at St.
Jean de Maurienne. .
The Swiss aluminium industry con
trols factories with an aggregate ca
pacity of 100,000 h. p., viz., one at
Neuhausen, Switzerland, one at Rheln
feldeu, Germany, and one at Lend-Gas-tein,
Austria, also Grippis Borgne.
They are ail owned by the Swiss Alu
inium Industrie Aktiengesellchaft.
In'tne United Kingdom there are
two works belonging to the BritiBh
Alunimius company and one owned by
the Aluminium corporation.
The countries which have exported
most aluminium are France and Switz
erland, which two countries prior to
the war each exported 7000 tons to
8000 tons per annum. Germany has
been the largest importer of alumin
ium, 16,000 tons w in 1912 and 12,500
tons in 1913. It is very difficult to
obtain reliable information about the
production of aluminium during the
war; prices have risen abnormally and
new factories have been started whicn
have secured contracts extending over
several years after the conclusion of
peace.
Provided that the projected factor
ies are built and come into operation,
the production of aluminium after the
war is likely to be about doubled, says
"Engineering." If the alumina factor
ies can also double their output, an an
nual production of some 150,000 tons
of aluminium may then be reckoned
upon. Of this aggregate 50 per cent
is likely to be produced in the United
States and Canada and 13 per cent in
Switzerland, Germany and Austria
Hungary. I The production In Germany, Austria
and Hungary has of late been pushed
'ahead with much energy on account of
i the war requirements, and several fac-
tories are planned and probably in
' course of cpnstruction in Bavaria (in
! which : the .Allepemeine . Elektricitat
' Gesellschaft is interested) in Austria
1 and Hungary. We may further expect
1 13 per cent in France (26 1-2 per cent
i nefore the war), 8 per cent In England
.(11 per cent before the war), 11 per
(cent in Norway (2 1-4 per cent before
jthe war), and 4 1-2 per cent in Italy
(1 1-4 per cent before the war).
Looks as though the kaiser must
fight or work Baltimore American.
The Huns will never entirely ap
preciate Kais?r Hill until they begin
to foot his war bill. Columbia Record.
WESTERN FRONT
at front.
mounted. The n'cture show nine
teen men standing on the barrel of
cue of il
TELLS FACTS OF
. OLD 'TOMBSTONE
Past and Present of Old Silver
Camp Commented Upon in
Mining and Oil Bulletin of
Willis '
By CHARLES F. WILLIS
When Alfred Henry Lewis wrote
the Wolfville tales, he had In mind
not only the nightmare of the' eastern
tenderfoot, the home of the bad man.
but also the great Mecca of the pio
neer, the prospector and adventurer,
and Tombstone was the one frontier
town for which thousands of people
were headed. They came in those
days in a spirit of mere adventure, or
to seek their fortune, either from the
earth or over the gaming tables.
Whether Tombstone, in her so-called
"palmy days," was as bad as she
was painted is neither here nor there,
but be that as It may. Tombstone was
"some tough town."
The Camp' Early History
The history of her discovery and
the manner in which she got her
name has been written so often that
it need only be repeated here in its
briefest form.
Tombstone was a silver claim, so
named by Its locator, Ed Schieffelin,
who located it In the late 70's. After
the town of Richmond was abandoned.
Tombstone was the cognomen given
the new camp which has elnce been
the theme of books, plays and lately
of movie picture scenarios. Millions
of dollars have been taken out of ber
various mines, and she prospered up
to the time of the demonetization of
silver. Then for years the camp was
what In this day and age would be
termed "down and out," but along
about 1900 Arizona's grand old man.
Frank Murphy of Prescott, became in
terested in the district with E. B.
Gage, and with the assistance of their
colleagues. Tombstone was again re
stored to Its place on the map.
, Under the most adverse circum
: stances these men tackled the un
I watering of the district, and after
about ten years, when success was
within their grasp and the monster
water flow was practically conquered,
funds ran out, owing to a matter of
misunderstanding or treachery. The
sudden collapse resulted in a com
plete shutdown; the properties went
into the hands of a trustee in bank
ruptcy, and the work of ten .years
was undone in a few months.
Advent of Phelps Dodge Corporation
The properties were operated under
leases by the trustee. A. U Grow, ana
under his excellent management, the
properties returned a nice sum above
expenses. When they were sold to
interests subsidiary to the great
I Phelps Dodge corporation, he not only
turned tne properties over iree ui
debt, with a nice little financial bat
ance for the new owners.
When the Phelps Dodge interests
became the owners of the practically
200 claims in the district they put
new methods in effect, and Tomb
stone took on a new life.
There are in the district several
i independent operators. Tombstone Is
! the county seat of Cochise county.
(Continued on PftO Two)
Mil
WRITER
PEACE TALK t COPPER
PEOPLE FEEL OPTIMISTIC ON
SUBJECT OF AFTER WAR TRADE
Views Based on Fact That Copper Distribution for Some
Time Has Been in Hands of Government and With Peace,
Abnormal Demands, Both Domestic and Foreign, Are Ex
pected to Spring Into Being at Once, Taking All Available
JSupply and Leaving Surplus Orders to Be Filled at Later
Dates
There has been no eli-ange In the copper situation, the matter of coo
tracts still being in the hands of the government authorities with practi
cally all the available supply being taken in connection with war contract!
obtained by various manufacturers. On this jnetal, as usual, prioriay certifi
cates give preferences according to the requirements, says the Boston
Financial News.
Outside consumers apparently are not doing anything, no inquiries of
any size having come to the dealers. However, it is problematical, dealer
state, whether this condition is due to the fact that there is little or r.o
copper to be had by outside users, or to a tendency on their part to wait
for future developments.
The prospects of peace have not had appreciable effect in the market.
aide from kringing about discussions of after-the-war conditions, and it, this
connection it is interesting to note that the views of practically-a1; tha lead
ing trade authorities are dike, in that it Is apparent that everyone appears
Sptimistic on the outlook.
These views are based on the fact that for some time the distribution
of copper has been in the hands of the government authorities, and all the
supply has been required to care for the needs or this country and Its allies
for war purposes. This has resulted in holding up all kinds of outside busi
ness. This means that as soon as the selling agents can take orders for regular
domestic and foreign peace work, the contracts that might reasonably be
expected to come to them Will absorb the entire amount even with no gov
ernment business in sight, and even then leave a surplus of demand to be
filled at later dates when the copper is available.
With the coming of peace It is but natural that the abnormally large
war demands will be eliminated from the market and there are some ob
servers who profess to see possibilities of th egreatest scramble for the
metal In the history of the industry during peace times. Others ore em
phatic in stating that the export business after the war for some years will
be considerably larger than iu pre-war years.
It is maintained that the reconstruction period in Europe will require
enormous amounts of copper, and this country will be called upon to supply
the bulk of this metal. There is no one willing to make an estimate as to
how much copper will be needed abroad, but all appear agreed that the year
ly tonnage will be large.
Another source of demand after the conflict will be from Industries
which have been getting along during the past few years with substitutes
for the red metal. These substitutes have never come up to expectations, al
though they have been used coppr could not be obtained. As soon as the
metal )a available this demand will again be felt, it is said.
Reports are in circulation in some unimportant quarters that copper has
been sold below 26c in the past few days. In fact, it Is reported that one
or two sales for small lots have been made at 23ic per pound. If these
rumors are true the present is the first instance since government price
fixing that the quotation has been shaded.
However diligent inquiry among the best authorities in the trade, as well
as in quarters where market conditions are watched closely, has failed to
bring confirmation of the rumors, and they are generally discredited In the
trade, mainly because It is known that the copper supply for the next six
weeks has been taken care of and anyone having even a small quantity to
dispose of would not have found It difficult to find many willing buyers at
the 26c level.
As a matter of fact the sales of copper are being taken care of by the
copper producers' committee, and this body would have known if there waa
a supply available, and could have used the metal directly for consumption
by war order concerns.
CONSOLIDATED NOW
MAINTAINING ITS
MONTHLY AVERAGE
REDUCTION WORKS AT HUM
BOLDT OUTPUTS 1,200.000
POUNDS OF COPPER DURING
MONTH OF OCTOBER HANDLING
13.600 TONS OF NEW MATERIAL
(Special to The Review)
HUMBOLDT. Ariz.. Nov. 9 The
operations of the Consolidated Ari
zona Smelting company for the
month of October, resulted in main
taining approximately the same out
put as for several months past, 1,200.
000 pounds of copper. This was about
equally divided between the com
pany own and customs ore.
During October the company re
ceived from the Blue Bell, Swastika
and De Soto mines, owned by it. 13,
300 tons, dry weight for reduction.
The concentrator at Humboldt
treated 9100 tons of ore, while the
smelter handled a total of 13.600 tons
of marginal (new copper bearing)
material.
ANACONDA'S ZINC
OUTPUT LARGER
BUTTE. The Anaconda Copper
company's production of zinc has in
creased from 4.000.000 pounds a month
60 days ago to between 7.000,000 and
8.000,000 pounds. Within six months
it is expected to have production fur
ther increased to 10.000.ono pounds a
STEADY PROGRESS IS
REPORTED FROM THE
VERDE SQUAW MINE
DEVELOPMENT WORK UNDER
WAY WITH INFLUENZA DELAY
ING GAME BUT LITTLE; PUMP
OPERATING AND NEW SHAFT
GOING DOWN FOUR FEET DAILY
JEROME, Ariz.. XiSv. 9 There it no
Influenza down 'at the Verde Squaw
camp and all is progressing there Just
a sthough there were no such thing as
Spanish grippe in the world. The
pump is operating steadily and the
new shaft is going down at the usual
rate, four or five feet a day.
The flow of water became so strong
several days ago that it was necessary
to install the Cameron sinking pump
which was on the ground for just that
emergency. This, however, caused no
delay. At present the pump is lifting
from six to eight barrels an nour.
Apparently this is only surface water,
however. When the solid formation
is struck the leached zone will probab
ly have been drained.
The present formation is more than
interesting and once more the miners
at the Squaw are predicting that ore
soon will be reached.
month in consequence of enlarging the
plant at Great Falls. The Montana
Power company by that time, will
have an additional 25,000 h. p. vil-ablc IvVU
THE BBBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1918.
Mining and Financial News
BY REVIEW
NEW YORK. Nov. 9. Extension of
the revolutionary movement in Ger
many and further victories of the al
lied forces along the western battle
front were the incentives of today's
short, but fairly strong stock market.
Prices were 1 to Z points higher
at the opening, oils and some of the
leading transportations holding back.
The entire list reacted Irregularly be
fore the end of the first hour, but ral
lied quiet generally at the active close.
Metals and mtors figured more
than ordinarily in the speculative pur
chases, and some of the seasoned
equipments made, moderate gains. U
S. Steel ended at a fractional ad
vance. Southern Pacific, which lead the en
tire market in point of activity, was
inclined to waver, probably as a "re
sult of prqHt-taking, but made up all
the loss later. Rails, as a whole, im
proved variaBly. .
Marine preferred reflected disap
pointment at the continued "delay in
the sale of its British tonnage, but
Atlantic Gulf rose 2 points. Strong
and active specialties included Wilson
packing and American Tobacco.
Sales amounted to 475,000 shares.
The weekly bank statement consti
tuted a moderate reversal of last Sat
urday's returns, actual loans and dis
counts increasing aimsst . $22,000,000,
with a corresponding gain in reverses
of members at the federal reserve
bank. Excess reserves made the
slight gain of $13,161,000.
There was a broad inquiry for
bonds, internationals included, with
special strength in French municipals.
Total sales, par value, aggregated $5,
675,000. Old .U. S. bonds were un
changed on call for. the week.
GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, Nov. 9. Selling to an
ticipate bearish results from expected
official announcement of the signing
of armistice terms with Germany
made the corn market today heavy
throughout the session. Prices closed
weak, 2c to 4c net lower, with Decem
ber 117; to 117Tb and January 119
to 119. ' Oats lost c to c. In
provisions the outcome range from 5c
decline to 70c advance.
Belief in the probability of the
armistice announcement was so gen
eral that the .directors of the board
cf trade decided to meet at 8:30 a.
m. Monday to consider an adjourn
ment of the exchange in recognition
of and thankfulness for the ending of
hotilities and aa a tribute to those
who had lost their lives in the con
flict. In some quarters there was a
disposition- to assume that the sign
ing of the armistice might prove a
bullish factor as to nsarby deliveries,
althcuah making deferred options
v. eak.
A -majority of traders, however, act
eu on the theory that the immediate
effect would be bearish all around m
regard to corn. tj
O.ila. like coir., sulfered-fcia aiu.
scence of support. Nothing was heard
of any improvement iu shipping de
mand.
Provisions averaged higher, despite
weakness of grain and hogs.
Upturns were ascribed to an in
crease in the eastward movement of
lard.
WEEKLY FINANCIAL REVIEW.
NEW YORK, Nov. 9. Announce-
. V. . . V. - .. -. . 1. . 1
ij-mi lui luc iiiuvru:. lias la&eu
measures to rculite the transition of
tt.e country business frrm war to
peace was the most reassuring event
of a week of extraordinary develop
ments in the securities markeL '
The recognized domestic mercantile
authorities place especial emphasis
on the fact that the business of every
description is proceeing with these
unprecedented conditions in the fore
ground. Trade shows gradual diminu
tion, especially at centers where re
ports of war ojder cancellations have
been most prevalent-
Wail street seems to believe, how
ever, that tue immediate future of
market values epends almost wholly
upon monetary conditions.
Railroad shares stood out for their
relative strength, the low priced ts
.sues, whorse potential values are re
ceiving greater recognition with the
return of peace, being again sought
by investors.
CLEARING HOUSE REPORT.
NEW YORK, Nov. 9. The actual
conition of clearing house banks and
trust companies for the- week, ifive
days) shows that they hold 4$7,S41.9."jO
reserve in excess of legal require
ments. This is an increase of $13,160,
820 from last week.
Closing quotations November 9,
(L. J. Overlook, Broker.)
NEW YORK.
Anaconda
Amn. Can
Amn. Car '.
Amn. Loco
Amn. ?me!ters
Amn. Sugar
Baldwin
Beth. B
C. & O
C. F. 1
Canaiiau Patific
Central Leather
Crucible
Distill :r-i
Sno
G?nor.i! Motors
Ind. Alcohol
Lackawin m
Marina
Marine, .pf
Mid vale
Mexiiaa Petroleum
N. Y. C
Northern Pacili;-
Reading
Rubber
Rep. i-teel
Studebakor .-. .-
Steel Com
Stevl Pfd
St. Paul
1918:
.72
47
86
67
92
113
81
61
61
40
171
62
55
49
21
134 !
99'A i
73 '
2!T :
119
44 '
172 .
83 ,
12
91:
73 !
79 j. !
71 j
102
112 !
LEASED WIRE
Southern Pacific 108
, Sinclair Oil 37
I Texas Oil 192
t Union Pacific 136
(U. S. M 50
Un. Motors 37
Westinghouse 45
BOSTON.
Adventure 100
Allouez 484
Alaska 5
Amn. Zinc 15
A. Coml 15
Eutte 25V
C. & A 70
Cal. & Hec 460
C. Range 50
Chino 44
Chile 23
E. Butte 11
Granby 86
Goldfield1 -.. 22
Green Can 57
Hancock 8
Indiana 80
Inspiration 55
Kennecott 41
Keweenaw H4
Lake 6
La Salle 3
Miami 2S4
Mohawk 60
Mayflower 4
Nevada 20
N. Butte ; 14
Nip .... 8
Old Dom , 43
Osceola 63
Pond Ck 16
Quincy 70
Ray Con 25
Shattuck 16
Shannon 4
Sup. Bos 4
St Marys 49
Utah Copper .'. 91V4
Utah Con 10
CURBS.
Ariz. Ding 5
Big Ledge
Butte & London ' 15
Cal. & Jer. .
Cornelia 17
Con. Ariz 1
Con. Copper 5
Curtiss , 21
Denn 18
Dundee 100
Emma 4
7ederal Oil 2
Gadsden T. 3
Jreen Monster '
ircnd Island 15
Hull 55
iowe Sound 4
lecla 6
I. Verde
T. Victor ,
Magma Copper 34
Vlagma Chief
Miami Con. 5
Okmulgee .. 2
Pitts. Jer. ; 40
Porphyry
Flay Here 4
Tom Reed 149
U. Eastern 4
Verde Ex.' " 39
Verde Comb
Wol. Ariz 1
West End 1
Wright Martin 4
OATMAN.
(By Collins & Bretherton.)
Argo 03
Adams
Ariona Rex
Ariz-Tom R .02
Rig Jim Con 05
Boundary Cone 02
Gold Ore 05
Gold Road Bon
Gold Cliff
Lucky Boy 02
Sunnyside 03
Telluride 08
Tom Reed 1.48
.04
.03
.15
.05
.08
.06
.02
.15
.03
.04
.12
1.49
4.50
.20
3.12
.50
.15
1.00
.04
.40
.56
.11
.17
.12
.55
.18
2.00
.75
.05
.30
.35
5.62
.50
.62
.12
United Eastern 4.437
Red Uon
OTHER CURBS.
Gadsden 3.00
Green Monster 44
Butte London 14
Dundee 944
Venture Hill 02
Pitts-Jerome 36
Jerome Verde 50 '
Ark-Arizona 08
Jerome Portland
Ins-Needles 06
Hull Copper .-; v.. .45
Magma Chief ' 12
Wolv-Arizona 1.87
Verde Combination .62
Miami Consolidated .02
Great Ray
N'aeozari Consolidated . . .
Con. Cop. Mines 6.37
Porphyry .37
Cal. & Jerome 56
Feather River .-.
COMPANIES HELP
TO LOWER TAXES
FOR REST OF US
'Continued from Pago On)
before for the maximum production
of copper, and Nothing should be put
in the way that mill tend to decreaso
production. The question of business
profit should be secondary, for if we
can live through this war, pay our
share of the taxes, buy our share of
Liberty bond3. War Savings stamps,
support our Red Cross, Y. M. C. A..
Knit',lits of Coltimbui Salvation army,
and the others that are calling upon
us for funds, we shall have achieved
9s much as we run expect to achieve
in v.ar times.
We ned all the labor we have at
present, and more than we have. It
is n.;t necessary for any man tq
leave the stat to do patriotic work.
There is no industry' in the United
i-tates more csHentii.1 In the winning
of the war than the copper industry.
llundrej.-s cf our home boys re
now on the firing line, and they are
depending upon nx for copper. Let
us not disappoint them. They noi
our copner Dor shells, for ship building,
fof telephone lros, for wireless, pur
poxes bot!i oil laud and sea. for elec
tric motoid, tor electric generator.!,
U. V. EXTENSION
SHOWS
HUN
SMELTER RECORD
V
Nearly iOOO Tons More Are
Handled in September Than
in August; Estimated An
nual Production Given
The United Verde Extention Min
ing company reports that the smelter
treated 10,898 tons of ore in August
against 12,688 tons in September. The
estimated production for the year
ended Sept. 30. 1918 is 42,236,387
pounds of copper. Estimated copper
shipped, returns on which have not
yet been received, is 20,493,142 pounds
Cash on hand as of September 30
amounted to $1,990,881.
The jiirectors report that the con
struction work on the smelter is near
ing completion though subject to de
lays in getting deliveries of material
At the mine no exploriatory work
of importance has been in progress
The Audrey shaft has reached a point
55 feet below the 1600 level and the
new hoist at this shaft is in service
The ore pockets extending from the
1200 to the 1200 level nave been com
pleted. The skip pockets which are
located below the 1400 level have been
completed. It is proposed to con
tinue sinking the shaft until the 1700
level is reached. The permanent
electric power lines have been In
stalled in the shafL
The progress on the tunnel has been
slow. Owing to an abnormal flow of
water, work was suspended on the
Texas shaft. The water was brought
under control and on September 15,
work was resumed in the east, head
ing from the shaft. On September 29,
there was still a distance of 2600 feet
of the tunnel to construct.
for automobiles, for auto trucks, for
airplanes, for motorcycles, and for
surgical instruments, as well as for
some classes of firearms.
Copper represents a tremendous
factor in the winning of th-a war.
Every part of the army and navy, In
cluding the welfare of every man in
it, is touched in some measure by this
great necessity. ,
It is well for us to remember that
from the time our boys leave home
every moment of their lives is touched
by the great part copper plays in their
welfare. Their electric lights in camp,
their orders from headquarters, their
transportation of food, their goings
and comings to and from cantonments
and hospitals are dependent on the
copper parts used in the machinery
that maintains their? organization.
Copper enters into every' detail of
their progress, right up to the firing
line. In the great transatlantic steam
ers which transport them across the
sea we find it in hundreds of places.
In the battleships that convoy them,
we find a very network of copper
wires. It is the essential . factor
through which the eyes of our service,
the airplanes, convey the knowledge
of the discovery of the enemy, and
through copper wire speaks the voice
of command to go Into action, and
W I , 1 ' , I . . T . . 1
wiien ueip is neeueu 11 iurnisnes me
cry of "Save, Oh. Save" to the world,
which speeds back succor and assist
ance. Through the winderful metal
thousands of lives are saved and vic
tory is made possible.
In the billets and on the firing line
copper again enters into the lives of
all. Telephone and telegraph, lights.
transportation of foods and munitions
are expedited 'because of its use. j
Soldiers are rushed to the front in
motor vehicles made possible by cop
per. When the soldiers arrive, shells
into which copper must go fire the
ammunition against the enemy. The
news of the progress of the engage
ment is rushed back through copper
wires to the commanding officer, and
commands are given back over the
wire, which lead to victory or which
save our forces from destruction and
annihilation.
Observation balloons, airplanes and
outposts report back their informa
tion over copper wires. The wound
ed are returned to the rear in motor
vehicles made possible with the help
of copper.
So great a necessity Is copper, that
steel and lumber themselves do not
play a more important part in the
winning of the war.
MINING WRITER
TELLS FACTS OF
OLD TOMBSTONE
tContlnupd from I"ai$8 Ou)
Near the city its discoverer was bur
ied and his resting place is marked
with an immense monument built by
the miners and known as Schieffelin"s
mounment. The town is the hub of a
network of roads. The principal line
of travel outside of the E. P. & S. W.
railway is the Borderland route which
Is also the state highway and the
adopted houte of the Old Spani'i Mis
sion route, which runs from ocean to
orean. Tombstone has two assets that
are surpassed by no community in the
country and equaled by few its water
and climate. The water supply is
pure mountain spring water, piped
from the Htiachm-a mountains. 2S
miles south of the. town. Its dimate
Is superb, never too hot and never too
cold.
Tourists on cross-country tours find
Tombstone especially interesiing
The historic sights are the Million
Dfllar Slope. Can Can restirtraut,
I lid C'R( opera lionse. and while not
really a historic ii:ht, the Tombstone
Epitaph, on account of its glooiuv
name. Is a curiosity to visitors. Tomb-
stone enjoys the distinction of being
the smallest camp in America with a
daily paper. The town lies on a mesa
so located that it has perfect drain
age and has never had a single case
of typhoid fever that originated from
local conditions. The view from the
town Is Buperb. A constant and
steady flow of water, with a pressure
of 159 pounds, gives the town perfect
fire protection.
A Lesson on Mine Taxation
To the eastern mind and often to
the western. Tombstone represents
the wild, wild west, but to the Indus
trial historian it Illustrates the fact
that a mine has a life that In the
history of every mine there is a pe
riod of development, then of produc
tion and then a period when the
ground cannot produce any more.
From the point of view of the expert
in taxation it represents an interest
ing example of the fallacy of usual
methods of taxing mines. There was
a time when the valuation of the
Tombstone mines' was in the millions,
but when the Phelps Dodge corpora
tion took them over in 1914 for $500,
000 they were gambling that their
brains, their scientific method and
their capital could produce that
amount and a profit. There is a ques
tion as to whether at that time they
were worth half a million; some
mines are inherently worth millions,
while others of which these are typi
cal, are worth what capital, ingenuity
and science can make them.
NORTH IRE NOW
DEVELOPING SOME
GOOD SILVER ORE
Superintendent of Company
Elated Over Opening
Streaks of High Grade That
May Develop Well
With a visit made to Bisbee Monday
by Superintendent Holmes of the
North Tigre Leasing company, it be
came known that good streaks of high
grade silver ore, opened in the lower
lunnel of the property were being fol
lowed in the belief that they would
lead to a large body. Recent phases
of this development were such that
Mr. Holmes felt elated and confident
ly believed that they would open out
into the larger bodies desired.
The company in its upper tunnels
has several thousand tons of a good
grade of milling ore blocked out
However, the streaks now being fol
lowed are several times as rich as the
ore bodies above and it is reasonable
lo believe will develop into something
far better. )
The company's mill n. . ready
to operate. It is modern 'n every, re
spect aud will be driven by electrical
p-iwer, oh.c'ned fria tho power line
f-om the topper Q.:eon power bouse
ol Do'i',- a?, which no serves the
f-iti.oas Lucjc Tiger Ccmbinnt'on com
piiiy IF1 Tigre) neif vl ich Jt lies.
Extension of this power line was ac
complished some time since. The
mineralization of the North Tigre is
quite similaf to that of the older prop
erty and if experience in that section
would count for anything, Mr. Holmes
eels reasonably sure new d eveloo-
ments will" be-' along lines pleasing to
stockholders.
WOLVERINE SHIPS
CARLOAD PER DAY
Among the properties in the south
eastern part of the district which have
been doing all in their power to speed
up production is the Wolverine-Arizona
company. This property now Is
shipping at the rate of a carload a
day and is paying dividends at Inter
vals. SHE GOULD NOT
STAND OR WORK
But Lydia L Pinkiam's Vege
table Compound Restored Her
Health and Stopped
Her Pains.
Portland, Ind. "I had a displace
ment and suffered so badly from it that
1)1
114
at times I could not
be on my feet at all.
I was all run down
and so weak I could
not do my house-
tvnrlr r a a namina
1 and could not I i
J A down at niRht I
tff-yftook treatments
- " "... 1 " J L 1 II 1 1
they did nothelp me.
My Aunt re cod
mended I.ydia E.
P i n k h a m ' IW.
table Compound. I
tned it and now I
am stronff and well
Spain and do my own
work and I cive
Lydia E. Pinkham't
Vegetable Compound the credit."1
Mrs. Joskphine Kimble, 935 West :
Race St., Portland, Ind. !
Thousands o American women give
this famous root Bnd herb remedy the
credit for health restored as did Mrs. j
Kimble.
For helpful stiug-rstions In regard to '
such ailments women are asked towrite
to Lydia E. Pinkham Medicine Co.. I
Lynn. Mass. The result of its lone :
experience is at your service. '
BIG STRIKE MADE
AT ABE LINCOLN
PROPERTY
WICKENBURG, Ariz., Nov. 9. If
assays are any indication and smelter
returns are of account. Constellation,
east of Wickenburg, is due for listing
as one of the bonanza camps of the
southwest. The Monte Cristo, near
Constellaton, is known as one of the
phenomenal silver properties of
America and as a potential copper
mine of wondrous possibilities.
But a second great mine appears
to have been added within tha past
few days. On the same dike as the
Monte Cristo, two miles distant, lies
the old Abe Lincoln property, which
for two years has been operated un
dr the management of E. W. Gettin
of Omaha, with Charles Mathorst, for
merly of the Unite Verde, as superin
tendent. They have sunk a shaft to
700 feet of depth an have driven at
another point a tunnel several hun
dred feet long.
The big story is that in the shaft
sulphide has been cut that assays,
across a breast of- 27 feet, no less
than 12 per cent copper, 5 ounces
of silver to the ton and $5 in gold.
In the tunnel has been cut a vein
tDn feet wide, that beats 45 per cent
In copper, with 12 ounces of silver
an $10 in gold thrown in for variety.
Mildly speaking, Wickenburg is ex
cited over the news, and about all
the vacant ground in the Constella
tion section already has been located.
The Abe Lincoln lies about 13 miles
east of Wickenburg. reached by the
main road and a 4-mile side road late
ly constructed by the company. It is
in a highly mineralized section, that
has been mined for many years and
that has been a st?ady producer of
wealth, with good assays to be found
in almost every prospect hole of the
many that have been driven.
Between the Monte Cristo and the
new bonanza li3s tiie Eagle property
owned by the Inspiration Consolidat
ed Copper Company of Miami, now
under development.
The fortunate miners are going lo
realize at once on their find. Nearly
50 miners already are at work break
ing down the ore, and on Monday 16
teams will be started hauling It to
Wickenburg, there to be handled by
the Wickenburg sampling works,
which will renew operations for this
especial purpose.
There is speculation in Wicken
burg whether the new activity might
not cause a degree of realization on
the great ore bodies stoped out In the
Monte Cristo, a property magnificent
ly developed, yet without effort to dis
pose of any of its riches of white
metal. Its principal owner is Ezra
Thayer, a Phoenix merchant.
VERDE COMBINATION IS
LOOKING GOOD NOW TO
OWNERS, MANAGEMENT
OPTIMISM FELT OVER POSSIBIL
ITY OF DEVELOPING ORE IN
THE NEAR FUTURE, AS RESULT
OF GOOD INDICATIONS STRUCK
RECENTLY IN GROUND
The management of the Verde
Combination property. In which much
local money has besn Invested, is feel
ing confident that within a short time
this will be another property in the
Jerome district which will be en-
Madam Clark
CLAIRVOYANT
The well-known clairvoyant. Gives
truthful advice on all affairs of life.
Learn what is before yon. Business
chances. Journeys, speculation, social
and domestic conditions, failures, suc
cess, ill-health, evil influences, love,
marriage, divorce, law suits and all
human affairs advised upon with un
erring accuracy.
Tho wise use every means to com
pass victory; thousands have been
helped. If you are in trouble of any
kind, uph.ippy. not satisfied in life,
have domestic, love or htisine trou
bles, you will bo told how to over
come them all.
Ueuilitis daily from l' a. m. to 8
p. m.
GOLDEN HOTEL. ROOM 15
gaged in active development of ore re- j
sources.
Drifting on ths 1090 level has been '
going forward at a rapid pace, ac-;
cording to news reaching I'.isbee dur-1
ing the week, and it is expected that j
the intersection with the ore will be 1
reached within the next ten days
or bo.
So far development operations have
taken an encouraging turn as they
have disclosed an 18-foot vein of
chalcopyrite, itself an excellent indi
cation of the near presence of copper.
GADSDEN INSTALLS ITS
POMPS AND SOON WILL
BE READY TO DRIFT
GETTING BETTER OF WATER
FLOW RECENTLY ENCOUNTER
ED AND PREPARING TO RESUME
DEVELOPMENT WHERE IT WAS
INTERRUPTED BY IT
At the Gadsden mine in the Jerome
district, where much money from the
Warren district has been invested,
pumps of sufficient capacity to handle
tha water flow recently encountered
have been installed. As a result the
water In tho shaft constantly is being
lowered and it is expected by the
management that drifting, which-has
been retarded by the water, son can
be resumed.
The chief development work will
be done on the 1200 level, where Indi
cations quite favorable to early strik
ing of ore were being encountered
when he water came In. It is hoped,
therefore, that within a short time
after resumption of work an an
nouncament pleasing to the stock
holders may be made.
Yuma The proposed agreement be
tween the United States Interior de
partment, the J'uma Valley Watei
Users association and the Imperial
irrigation district, involving the use
by Imperial of tie Leguna dam for the ;
diversion of its water, is believed to
hare gone into the discard for the
time being. The Imperial committee
siened the contract under nrotest.
Secretary Franklin K. Lane of the In I
terior department, therefore has re
turned the contract, refusing approval
of any document in which there is a
charge of signature under duress.
BACKACHE
Umber Up With Penetrating
Hamlin a Wizard Oil
A harmless and effective prepara
tion to relieve the pa:ns ot Rheuma
tism, Sciatica. Lame Back and Lum
bago is Hamlin's Wizard Oil. It pen
etrates quickly, drives out soreness,
jnd limbers up stiff aching joints and
muscles.
Vou have no idea how useful it
will be found in cases of every day
ailment or mishap, when there is
nted ot an immediate healing, anti
septic application, as in cases of
sprains, bruises, cuts, bums, bites
and stings
Get it from c!ru?iists for 30 cents.
If not sit s-e 1 'Curn the bottle and
get your money back.
Ever cr.r.stirr.ed or have sick
headaclir' 'v.'.i trv ':zard Liver
Whips, f-art !nt!c pink pills, JO
cents. Cu:;r;utecJ.
Fiery Eczema and
Readily Yield to
SnccessfuIIy used for CO years.
Eczema and similar skin troubles
come from a disordered, impure
condition of the blood, and they can
only be cured by giving the blood a
thorough cleansing and removing
from it all traces ot impurity.
This is why S. S. S. lias been used
so successfully in hundreds ot cases
of Eczema and other skin eruptions.
This 'wonderful remedy is without
, f
The Arizona Corporation Commission does not recommenu the
stocks, bonds or other securities offered for sale by this or any other
company.
THE
United States
c. Refining Co.
HAVE STRUCK THE FIRST OIL IN ARIZONA
WE BELIEVE IN COMMERCIAL QUANTITIES.
HELP US DEVELOP CUR FIND AND PUT
ARIZONA ON THE MAP AS AN
OIL PRODUCER
BY BUYING STOCK IN THIS COMPANY
AT 20c PER SHARE.
We Own 3040 Acres of Choice Land
in the BOWIE OIL BASIN.
Agents:
J. O. TONKIN & L. R. CAULFIELD. Sisse's. Bisbee
COLLINS & BRETHERTON. Jack Bldg.. Bisbee
FRANK BRIGGS. Lowell.
DEVELOPMENT AT
DENN GOING WELL
AT PRESENT TIME
! Some Good Bunches of Ore
Struck on 1600 Leyel;
Labor Scarcity Bad Element
in the Situation
Development work at the Denn-Arizona
mine is continuing very favor
ably, particularly on the 16u0 level
where some good pockets of high,
grade ore have been opened, leading
to the expectation of better things
when the territory has been explored
more thoroughly.
Sinking of the shaft toward the ulti
mate depth of 1S00 feet is continuing
steadily and has reached a point about
the 1700 level. No drifting has been
done on this level as yet and It is un
derstood none will be attempted until
the shaft has reached the desired
depth.
The chief difficulty experienced at
the Denn, as in other properties in
the district, has been the lack of
labor. This has cut down tonnage,
both from mine and mill, far below
what it otherwise would have been.
The mill now is in fine shape toj
treat tonnage up to and possibly above
its capacity rating, an once the short
age of skilled labor has been over
come, the -Denn will be in position
to make a far better showing than at
any time in the patsL
Yuma Superior Judge Frank Bax
ter has issued an order to Sheriff
Greenleaf, instructing him to deliver
to the Yuma county board of health,
on order of the county physician, "for
the use of patients In the hospital
suffering with the influenza and pneu
monia, liquors In your possession as
sheriff heretofore ordered destroyed,
such quantities of said liquors as
such board may need."
COUGHS MB cm
Dr. KIng,sNcwDi3Covcry used
since Crant was President
Get a bottle today
It cid It fcr your pranJma, for your
father. Fcr fifty ycir. this weU-knowa
cough ar.i cold remedy ha3 kept an
evtrrov.Lig tunr cf L'kads, young
an J c!J.
For ha!f a ee-tury druggists every
where hr.ve sold it. Put a bottle in
your medicine cut-net. You may need
it in a hurry. Soli by druggists
everywhere. 60c and $1.20.
Bowels Acting Properly?
They ought to, for constipation
nukes the bedy retain waste trotter
and impuritica that nndcrmina the
health and play bavecwith the entire
ystirn. Dr. King's New Life Piiia are
'reliable and mild ia actioa. AH
druggists. 23c
Skin Eruptions
This Old Remedy
an equal as a blood purifier, beins
probably the oldest blood medicine
on the market.' It has been sold by
druggists for fifty years. Get a bot
tle today, and begin treatment that
will get results.
You are invited to write to-day
for complete and full advice as to
the treatment of your own case.
Address, Chief Medical Adviser.
Swift Specific Co, Dept. H. Atlanta.
Georgia.
0 THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1918!
THREE
Ludwig Writes Interesting
Letter of Associates and
What Is Doing Overseas
George W. Luwdi?, formerly a well
known resident of Bisbee, but now a
captain in the lied Cross eryice in
France!, has written the following in
teresting letter to relatives in the
east who forwarded it to his friend,
Frank E. Dennett, chief clerk of the
Eisbee Improvement company:
"1 have at last pot settled, and am
at work and can assure you I like it
better every day. The men one works
with are the best America can pro
duce, as I will explain later. As to
what I am doing: France is divided
into nine zones, each one has a head
quarters and handles ail the activi
ties within their district. Ours con
sists of 11 states nown as the '"South
Intermediate Zone." The chief is
Zone Manager." Ours is Maj. Nathan
Hale of San Francisco, Cal., who
nows Mr. Filene very well. He has
a chain of department stores on the
Pacific coast and is one of the best
and most able men I have ever met.
"Assistant manager, Captain Coul
ston, president of the First National
bank of Pasadena, Cal., is also a fine
man. Dr. (captain) Eailey of Beacon
street, Boston, one of the most noted
T. B. specialists in the country, has
charge of the 'medical department.
Capt. G. W. Ludwig of Boston and
Bisbee, whom you know, is tiVeetor
of the bureau of supplies, stores, ware
houses 'and all transportation. Some
job, and I believe I am going to pull
through, although I have one of the
hardest jobs in this zone, as there
never was any warehouse system nor
everv anv places to store goods here
before. However, have the transports- j
tion department well in hand now and
have installed a system and opened a
new garage last week. Cannot tell
you how many machines we have in
this one as I do not know yet. Am
finding them every day. However,
there seems to be plenty of them.
"I am now completing requisitions
for supplies for the entire one. Thi
one wili be one of the busiest in
France, as we handle the majority of
refugees and I, tell you when you talk
"Red Cross," remember to tell people
that handling them means that we are
giving them a first start, with cloth
ing, furniture and many other things
to assist them in earning their living.
Also, we have the largest number of
children here, Lyon being the chief
station of c'lildrens' institutions in
France. We have all kinds, and it
would do your heart good to see how
happy they are. The older ones are
taught and even sing in English. We
have here a Miss Pearce, who is an
instructor in dancing, and to see these
children performing on a Sunday aft-
ernon is worth traveling many miles
for.
"These are just a few of the things
which the Ked Cross is doing and
which you do not hear much about.
In addition to this, we have many
base hospitals here and will shortly
have some of the largest ones that
will bring us in closer touch with our
boys. Some will have 4.0U0 beds
each.
"We are away from the firing line,
but see the effects of the war every
day as many soldiers are on leave
and come to recuperate in this beau
tiful country. I have spoken to many
and they have told many interesting
things, but you hear more of what is
doing than we do for war news is
very limited here.
"The French people are great
friends to the Americans, and even
say that all was lost if America had
not errtered the war. They certainly
charge you well for everything you
buy, however, and believe I will very
shortly have my last dime spent.
"I.yon is a very interesting city,
located on the Rhone and the Soane
rivers, and the city is built on the
hills. The surrounding country is
grand, although I have had very little
time out of the office.
"The other men here with us are
Capt. L. H. Hargis, bureau of permits
and passes and insurance, etc., of San
Francisco, Cal., one of its fcblest
lawyers: Dr. Gilbert of Marlboro,
Mass.,chief dentist, who is a fine fel
low. We live together. Dr. PraM,
throat specialist, is also from Boston
Rheumatism Cored By
"Number 40" cr Money Back
Consult Central Pharmacy, Bisbee,
Ariz.; Lowell Drug Co., Lowell, Ari.
Frank Staser, Newburg. Ind., states:
"I suffered with rheumatism for sev
eral years and tried numerous rem
edies with little or no benefit. Men
denhall's Number 40 was recommend
ed to me and I used in all six bottles
and am entirely cured. I cheerfully
recommend it to all rheumatic suf
ferers." We have instructed Central Phar
macy, Bisbee, Ari., and Lowell Drug
company, Lowell, Ariz., to issue a
guarantee with three bottles of "Num
ber 40" and if you are not cured or
satisfied, your money will be cheer
fully refunded. J. C Mendenhall, 4u
years a druggist.
"Number 40" is employed in rheuma
tism, scrofula, blood poison, constipa
tion, liver and stomach troubles.
r
YOURS
FOE
I
c
m
9
(this young lady Is a wonder). The
chief nurse is Miss Nelson of Cam
bridge, Mass., who says a million dol
lars could not purchase what she has
obtained here in the past year (a
crae-a-jack fellow). Miss May Daw
son, I believe, is one of the wonders
of the world and can do more than
any man alive. She is director of all
relief work and has charge of refu
gees, and the best part of it is that
she is also from Boston, although for
the past few years she has been living
in Berlin, Mass. Mr. Morin, director
of relief to French hospitals, is a col
lees professor from California and very
well fitted for his work. These are
all the people I can think of now,
although we have many more, and all
the best.'
"I have not been homesick yet. We
have a work to do here and believe
when we get back and tell the people
at home what we have been doing
they will take us back into our for
mer positions, realizing that we have
done 'our bit.' This much I must say,
that at times I do rather pine for the
hills of Arizona.
"I have not received any letters as
yet, ecxept one from Frank, which
was a very short one.
"Well, I believe I will have to stop
as it is getting dark and I have mail
upon my desk which is tit ill unopened.
"Give my love to all and tell them
I'm getting thin and do not puff any
more when walking.
".1 address is: Capt. Geo. W. Lud
wig, S. I. Zone Headquarters, 4 Rue
de la Charite, Lyon, France."
Of In terest to Women
HONE your order
early in the week
and WE will CALL
PROMPTLY.
The women all over the country are'
showing a great deal of independence j
in the matter of skirt lengths. It will ;
be remembered that about twelve
months ago women of undeniable
good taste forsook the skirt called the
"chicken" type of skirt and wore the '
more dignified, longer one, if less j
youthful than its predecessor. Since i
then the vogue of the ankle length !
skirt nas slowly progressed until this
season it is recognized 'as an indi
cation of smart gowning.
Notwithstanding this independent
attitude it is well to suggest that ev
ery woman study her individual self.
Young girls may with modish propri
ety continue to exploit skirts of shoe
tcT length and for the suit intended
for every day business suit, it is good
sense to have the hem sufficiently
short V fairly clear the ground.
Evening dresses have trains that
are square cut in panel suggestion
Many of these skirts are closely
draped and t!fe swathed or wrapped
effect is dominant. Also in spite of
the great insistence of Paris on the
dinner type of evening gown, Ameri
can women are Inclined to include
one or two gala dresses that are with
out sleeves after the ante-bellum
styles.
Extremely curious is the associa
tion of the wrist-length sleeve with
the frankly decollete gown. A mod
el absolutely devoid of trimming, of
white satin. There is a double train
very long and running off into sharp
little points, that serve to accentuate
the tightly swathed lines from waist
to ankle. Indeed the skirt is so long
that the wearer Is forced to move
about with the most studied care
when she is able to move at all.
The bodice shows the always be
coming surplice lines, forming a V
decolletage which is deepened at the
back until there is almost no back at
all. Then there are the amazing
sleeves. Long, even to falling over
the wrist, to the first line of knuckles
and in the oddest contrast to the un
covered shoulders, chest and back.
One, marvels how the slight trip or
material over the shoulders manages
to keep the long dragging sleeves in
position. But some how it is done
and the effect is interesting.
In daytime- apparel, the moat prac
tical thing is the coat-dress. Not es
sentiaPy novel, but presented with
enough variations to make a renewal
appeal even to those who have been
its patrons for several seasons. It is
the ideal sort , of garment for fall
wear; and when winter comes, It may
be worn beneath the great coat which
has become staple during the last
three years.
And now It is quite the smartest
thing to match one's coat dress with
a dress coat. In other words, the
material and general outlines of the
latter must correspond with the for
mer. It is rather a practical idea, too,
particularly if the color chosen is one
that may be worn, on occasions, with
other coats or other dresses, as the
case may be. Therefore It is well to
select such colors as brown, navy
blue, or reindeer.
Hairy looking materials have come
back. Or perhaps it would be better
to say that their effects are new for
trimmings, a lot of angora braid,
thumbnail fringes of worsted or the
new "orangatang" fabric being con
spicuously used. And as a foil for the
modish sack-cloth and ashes there
are lovely sparkling gowns of cloth
or ,'atin that are literally dusted with
tiny steel or jet beads from top to
bottom.
These softly glittering frocks are
generally guilt on the so-called che-
m limi W lit
Phone 296
Bisbee Cleaning &
Dye Works
"THE MASTER CLEANERS IN YOUR TOWN".
Free to Asthma Sufferers
A New Home Cure That Anyone Can
Use Without Discomfort or
I Lots of Time.
I We have a. New Method that cures
Asthma, and we want you to try it at
our expense. No matter whether your
case is of long standing or recent de-
velopment, whether it is present as oc
casional or chronic Asthma, you
j should send for a free trial of our
! method. ' No matter in what climate
you live, no matter what your age or
occupation, if you are troubled with
asthma, our method should relieve you
promptly.
We especially want to send it "to
those apparently hopeless cases,
where all forms of inhalers, douches,
opium preparations, fumes, "patent
smokes," etc., have failed. We want
to show everyone at our own expense
that this new method is designed to
lend all difficult breathing, all wheez
i ing, and all those terrible paroxysms
at once and rorfcll time.
This free offer is too important to
neglflct a single day. Write now and
then begin the method at once. Send
no money. Simply mail coupon be
low. Do It Today.
mise lines. The things sound shape
less, but let any one not experienced
In the line of cutting and hanging
fabrics in straight, taut lines from
shoulder to ankle attempt her first or
second or third chemise frock and
she w-il soon discover the fact that
the apparently simple models are the
most difficult of achievement.
Furs are very much in evidence and
will be more so as the weeks go by
and the style impulse is succeeded by
the real necessity for" their use. Al
ready we know that the combination
of two contrasting peltries is far more
modish than the one fur. There is.
for Instance, a coat of broadtail with
deep fringe of monkey fur; and a
pony skin jacket with collar of gray
squirrel; likewise! cape of chinchilla
with trimming of black lynx. Ermine
is associated with mole and with seal
skin, which nowadays means mostly
dyed muskrat.
Short jackets continue to exploit a
belt, and shawl collars vie with. those
of the immense funnel type. Cape
effects remain fashionable, and long
scarfs have not lost prestige. " Despite
the narrow line of cloth dresses and
suits, the fur mantle Is of comfortable
width. Generally speaking, it is the
dclman type that is favored.
T SERVICE IS
FOLLOWING FLAG
Arizona' does not have to go far
afield to find out what the Y. M. C.
A. is doing for the boys in the serv
ice. Letters come constantly with
allusions to the work which is being
ice Letters come constantly with
allusions to the work which is being
done at home and abroad. Here for
example is what Howard J. Smith, of.
Kingman, Arizona, writes to his niotn
er from France.'
"If it were not for the Y. M. C. A.
here I don't know what the Amer
ican troops would do. No tobacco
would be obtainable until it was
brought in by this organization, and in
many other instances it has been a
blessing to us. '
Private Donald C. Blair of Company
E, Eleventh Engineers Railway, A. E.
F. , France, writes his mother: ,
"As I said before the Y. M. C. A.
quarters here are very large and
nothing is lacking to help the men feel
at home. They sell hot and cold drinks
and sandwiches all day at a minimum!
price; also candy and tobacco. They I
always have reels of good film in the I
eveuing, nd sometimes dancing and,'
games. There are several billiara I
tables and-a large reading room, and
in the afternoon there is generally a
concert." ',
Private Blair is from Tucson. ;
Waldo White of Yuma, who is with
the l.r)Sth infantry in France, in writ
ing to his father, C. M. White, at ,
Yuma, says:
"The Y. M. C. A. man caught up I
with us yesterday (the regiment was!
evidently advancing at the front) and.
says that as soon as the front 'inn is ,
supplied that he can get a truck of to-:
bacco for ds. The supply department
was very prompt in getting grub to
us and good American food was cer
tainly welcome after eating English
chow for so long. Tobacco and inalcn
es cannot be had in the village and ;
when we ask for candy the people ,
throw up their hands." j
Russell Meadows of Douglas, writ-
ing to his brother, Dr. Feland Mea-1
dows, also of Douglas, had this to
say: . i
"At noon I went to the Y. M. C. A.
for dinner. For four and a half francs
I was served with fried eggs, beans,
potatoes, cocoa, lemon custard and ice
cream." (Think of this at that price j
in France where there are few eggs,
ice is almost unobtainable and all food
costly.) Continuing Corporal Mea
dows writes:
"The stores all close from 12 to 2 p.
m.. so after dinner I went un stairs
and out on the porch where they serve ;
ice cream and spent a while there. It i
is useless to say that I enjoyed the
ice cream for it was the first I had
eaten since leaving New, York."
Sergeant Moffatt Dean, formerly of
Tucson, but now with headquarters de-
in France, writes his "Dearest Moth-
er at Tucson:
"Last Sunday I went down to Borde
aux on a tour or, rather, an education
al sightseeing trip, and I sure had a
dandy . The 'Y there has in
stituted a tour and one of the mem
bers takes you around and explains
all these things to you."
This is a side light on another "Y"
activity to help and make our boys in
France happy and contented.
Bert J. Coffeey of Kingman, writing
his sister and mother, tells of a Y. M.
C. A. hut for French and American
soldiers, saying: f
"I am writing this in a French and
American Y. M. C. A. and there is a
French sergeant who can sure play on
the piano. He happens to bo playing
'Dixie' at this minute and what I
mean, it sure sounds good to me. Most
of the boys are singing and who can't
are whistling."
Eisbee Fuel and
Feed Company
Phone 121 -Office
Below Copper Queen Hotel
C
OAL
9
TT
Tf sr TT.
W UUD
isbee Fuel and
Feed Company
Phone 121
Office Below Copper Queen Hotel
i
J
SOUVENIR WAJPHES.
HAVRE, Nov. 9. Souvenirs in the i
shape of watches made from the steel I
of Belgian cannon which were in ac
tive service on the Belgian front since
the beginning of the war in 1914 till
October 23, 1917, are oemg manu
factured in Switzerland by order of
the king and queen of the Belgians.
The watches, which bear inset in gold
on the cases the mohgrara "A E" of
the Belgian sovereigns, are to be pre
sented by King Albert and Queen
Elizabeth to soldiers who have spe
cially distinguished themselves and
also to prize winners of military competitions.
What You Should Pay
- In Local Market for Food
Price Interpreting oBard's Report on Fair Price in Bisbee, Lowell, Warron
and Naco, for Week Ending November 16, 1918.
Commodity:
Wheat flour, per 1-16 bbl.
(12 lbs.)
Retailer Pays Consumer Should Pay
bag
Wheat flour (bulk) per lb.
Barley flour, per 1-16 bbl. bag
(12 1-4 lbs.)
Barley flour (bulk) per lb.
Rye flour, per 1-18 bbl.. bag (24 I
Rye flour, (bulk) per lb.
Rice flour (bulk) per lb -
Cornmeal, (bulk) per lb.
Corn flour, per lb
Victory bread, H oz. loaf
Victory bread, twin loaf
Rolled Oats, (bulk) per lb.
Rolled Oats, package .
Rice, unbroken, standard quality,
per lb - -
Hominy or Hominy Grits, per lb. ..
Sugar, granulated, (bulk) per lb.
Beans, (pink) per lb.
Beans, (navy) per lb. -
Beans, (lima) per lb.
Low High Low High
Price Price Price Price
...$ .76 $ .79 .So ? -S5
.06 .064 .0714 .07
... .80 . .S3 .90 .92
.06,4 .06 .07 .07
.) 1.60 1.62 1.70 1.80
. .06 .06 .07 .07
. .07 .07 .08 .OS
.064, .06 .07 -03
. .101-4 .10 1-4 .11 .1214
... .081-3 .081-3 ,10 10
... .12 .12 .15 .15
... .06 3-5 .06 3-4 .10 10
..: .11 .11 .14 .15
INDUSTRY
All honest labor has its just reward.
Now while you are earning money is the time
to save a portion of it. If you do this you are build
ing well for the future.
Bank with us. .
r
"Don't Give Up The Ship!"
begged the dying Lawrence. "We
won't," he was assured, "unless it be at a
profit through an Ad in the Review
Classified Columns!"
10
.12
.10
.10
.15
.16
.02 9-10
02
.11
.12
.10
.10
.15
.16
.12
.14
.11
.12
.20
.20
FREE ASTHMA CURE
FRONTIER ASTHMA CO., Room
964-T, Niagara and Hudson Sts.,
Buffalo, N. Y.
Send free trial of your method to:
Potatoes (white or Irish) per lb
Onions, per lb -
Raisins, (seeded) per 16 oz. pkg - lO'i
Prunes, (60-70s), per lb. .10
Canned Tomatoes, (standard grade)
per No. 2) can 14
Canned Tomatoes, (standard grade)
per (No. 2) can 08
Canned Peas (standard grade) per
20 oz. (No. 2) can 12
Canoed Salmon (tall pink Alaska)
per 16 oz. (No. 1) can .14
Canned Salmon, (tall red Alaska)
per 16 oz. (No. 1) can .25
Evaporated Milk (unsweetened)
per 6 oz. can 0G
per 16 oz. can 13
Butter, per lb , 62
Eggs (fresh ranch) 67
Cheese, (New York or local) per lb. .34
Lard, (pure leaf) bulk per. lb 33
Lard, (pure Leaf in tins) per 3 lb. pail .80
Lard, (pure Leaf in tins) per 5-lb. pall 1.34
Lard Substitute, (bulk) per lb 26
Bacon, (sliced) fancy grade per lb 61
Bacon, standard grade, per lb.
(whole piece) 50
Ham 39
Round steak (local) per lb. 22
Hens, (dressed, not drawn) per lb 33
fish, per lb IS
Storage Eggs, per dozen 51
SAM VERRAN, P. M.
3. B. AN Gil S, JOHN
K. C. CAMPBELL,
.03 1-10 .04
.03
.11 V
.10
.16
.09
.15
.14
.06
.14
.66
.90
.43
.34
.85
1.49
.27
.53
.53
.40
.26
.34
.18
.58
.03
.15
.14
.15
.171-4
17
.13
.16
.11
.12
.20
.20
.04 1-6
.04
.16
.15
.20
.12
BARRETT
Ever-Lastic Roofing
See advertisement on inside cover of Saturday Evening
Post of August 3. We have a full car in stock.
Bisbee Lumber Co. inc.
EMIL MARKS, Mgr. Lowell Car Stop PHONE 25
.07 V
.15
.67
.77
.40
.35
.95
1.65
.29
.70
.55
.25
.38
.25
.55
PCCK WALTER.
RUSSELL. ED
.35
.07',
.17
.72
.96
.40
.37
.95
1.65
.30
.70
.65
.60
.30
.39
.25
.60
R. J. HART.
CLOVTHIEU.
L. J. OVERLOOK, BROKER
Correspondents: Paine, Weber A Co, Boston, Duluth. Calumet.
LOGAN & BRYAN, NEW YORK AND CHICAGO
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
AND HIGH CLASS CAFE
The best of everything at reasonable a la carte price.
A Special 60c luncheon daily. Also $1.00 dinner from
5:20 to 7:30 p. m. Regular Board by the month, $45.00
Henry Poppen, Manager.
Review. Want Ads Bring Resuts
Iri:c Iuterpreting Borrd. THE B1SBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1918.
rouR
TABULATED ELECTION RETURNS OF COCHISE COUNTY
C3
cu
7T
n
5"
51
a:
CD
a.
o
b
o
C3
3
3
P 8?
73
o
CO
CO
CO
n
3
oo
r
3
D
ED
CU
o
o
3
a
o
3
ca 3
o 2
3'
cu
3
CO
73
o
cr
-
r
to
p
5
H
n
c
C3
i
w"
w
jfl
-I
CU
3
O
c
3
OQ
X
c
0Q
3
n
m
P
CU
3
09
0)
o
3
n
CO
O
3
f
CO
O
zr
3
CO
O
3
a
CU
O
3
CU
CD
0
rT
CO
2
3 O
c
n
n
3
o
3-
pa
O
cr
& .
Cu
CU
o
n
3
a
o
3
D
Cu
n 7Z
OQ
3"
o
CO
sr
a
3"
n
CO
5
o
"I
n
Cu
O
3"
0
co
5T
p
o
E
p
X
3
O
ST
O
?
n
at
co
n
0)
1
in
r
o
r
3
N
O
3 2
00
n
1
3
n
CO
n
p
n
m
5?
S
CU
H
3" .
o
3
0
CO
p
3
C3
PRECINCT
p
-i s
n :
Tombstone
Pirtleville
Soldiers' Vote
Bernardino
Lusk
Paradise
San Simon
Bowie
Wlllcox
McAllister
Pool
Don Luis
Naco
Dos Cabezoi
Johnson
Cochise
Benson
Robinson
Dragoon
Mescal
Servoss
El Dorado
Wilgus
Light
Pearce
Courtland
St David
Curtis
Webb
Gleeson
Whitewater
McXeal
Rncker
Central Bridge
Fairbank
Turner
Puena
Hereford
Garces
West Huachuca
Warren
Lowell No. 1
Lowell No. 2
Lowell .No. 3
Bisbee No. 1
Bis bee No. 2
Bisbee No. 3
Bisbee No. 4
Bisbee No. 5
Bisbee No. 6
Douglas No. 1 ....
Douglas No. 2
Douglas No. 3
Douglas No. 4
Douglas No. 5
Douglas No. 6
Douglas No. 7
Douglas No. 8
Douglas No. 9
Douglas No. 10
PRECINCT
Tombstone
Pirtleville
Soldiers' Vote
Bernardino
Lusk ,
Paradise -.
San Simon
Bowie - ,
Willcox
McAllister
Pool .
Don Luis .
Naco
Dos Cabezos
Johnson
Cochise
Benson
Robinson
Dragoon
Mescal
Servoss
El Dorado
Wilgus .
Light
Pearce
Courtland
St. David
Curtis .
Webb
Gleeson
Whitewater
McXeal
Rucker
Central Bridge .
Fairbank
Turner
Luena
Hereford
Garces
West Huachuca
Warren
Lowell No. 1 ...
Lowell No. 2
Lowell No. 3...
Bisbee No. 1
Bisbee No. 2
Bisbee No. 3 .....
Bisbee No. 4
Bisbee No. 5 .....
Bisbee No. 6
Douglas No. 1 . .
Douglas No. 2 .
Douglas No. 3 ...
Douglas No. 4 .
Douglas No. 5 ...
Douglas No. 6 .
Douglas No. 7 ...
Douglas No. 8 ...
Douglas No. 9 ...
Douglas No. 10 .
TOTAL
: ; i : :-
64 156 60 143 117 132
28 98 27 132 75 169
1 13 1 21 2 18
1 2 5 ..- 5
7 15 5 30 13 26
2 15 4 31 4 29
13 73 6 105 13 102
7 67 9 71 26 85
31 171 23 151 100 144
7 2 6 2 7
,10 1 8 1
, 21 32 1 43 19 42
4 32 11 26 33 25
3 22 1 14, 11 12
16 1 21 6 19
7 23 2 40 39
18 89 9 65 40 52
1 11 2 19 7 19
1 9 2 16 3 13
13 17 .. 17
1 16 .. 18 14 17
10 2 10 6 8
1 4 2 8 3 8
6 41 2 49 9 32
5 38 3 37 19 30
3 33 4 40 8 49
9 55 7 47 27 37
1 18 ..- 25 I 11
11 21 19 33 19 31
41 8 68 11 62
3 11 23 34 13 26
14 81 15 54 23 51
5 12 9 12 8 23
20 4 22 13 31
1 8 1 7
19 2 30 3 ' 33
4 30 5 46 21 43
4 41 14 41 13 45
6 35 16 33 33 26
2 6 2 8 5 11
36 286 ' 100 209 292 205
22 229 38 295 124 377
4 107 17 165 67 186
9 100 16 117 74 , 158
18 162 33 251 137 299
19 169 34 204 107 221
16 213 44 155 190 162
8 125 30 89 156 106
39 232 51 190 195 225
16 91 18 121 67 143
24 80 18 99 48 193
, 33 129 37 146 85 159
29 90 25 146 42 152
33 136 30 111 105 85
38 199 38 201 118 197
37 158 35 217 70 246
22 68 19 73 60 85
51 148 21 110 106 66
32 137 23 121 77 99
19 62 8 68 26 70
153 99 203
141 61 154
24 2 23
5 .... 5
32 , 7 36
32 7 37
97 13 115
82 28 103
155 100 167
8 2 9
6 3 11
45 13 51
41 17 56
18 7 19
21 6 22
34 14 51
66 40 87
12 9 22
13 7 19
16 .... 16
19 13 25
16 2 17
8 3 12
39 17 54
33 23 44
40 12 44
49 18 59
18 18
29 22 34
62 14 77.
38 12 52
51 21 54
17 10 16
26 14 31
10 .... 10
30 6 29
42 21 46
42 12 44
38 25 47
9 4 8
279 205 340
325 88 350
171 51 196
147 44 152
269 114 2S1
236 78 246
196 143 244
124 88 159
233 146 274
131 56 146
107 56 113
173 79 192
147 43 157
120 , 95 142
228 101 243
209 77 229
86 44 88
125 89 133
126 69 140
64 30 87
5113 2265 5S43
U Z
SL c-
n ST ST
77
69
3
9
6
13
21
99
2
2
12
14
8
7
5
21
8
4
11
2
1
11
14
10
14
20
9
6
24
8
11
8
22
12
24
5
168
81
42
40
116
77
128
77
722
61
56
75
38
86
97
69
41
84
59
19
2130
144
140
21
5
30
37
106
88
151
7
7
48
45
18
22
41
63
10
17
17
20
12
10
46
32
48
42
16
26
60
40
52
11
29
7
26
46
43
36
10
205
334
177
140
273
213
176
111
223
132
111
163
143
108
199
207
77
102
109
55
102 126 143 128 124 147 120
78 134 77 134 70 133 79
5 22 4 23 3 20 6
5 .... 5 .... 5
11 30 11 32 S 31 9
7 33 7 32 7 33 10
13 93 16 94 12 99 13
30 82 36 61 50 74 32
106. 143 117 144 109 129 127
3 7 3 8 2 8 2
3 7 5 5 3 6 4
13 44 13 46 16 45
19 37 23 39 25 35 32
8 14 11 15 8 19 8
8 21 8 23 6 21 9
14 45 14 40 13 43 16
' 43 54 59 56 4S 64 42
17 15 15 15 13 8 18
5 16 7 13 6 14 7
16 1 16 .... 16
13 15 19 18 15 17 16
2 10 6 ' 17 .... 12 1
. 2 9 2 10 2 8 4
18 41 21 43 13 39 17"
25 33 24 33 23 42 16
10 42 16 43 9 42 11
21 36 36 41 23 . 41 29
19 4 16 2 16 3
26 17 39 29 21 28 22,
19 . 50 27 55 21 65 23
14 31 20 38 13 35 17
24 44 28 43 27 39 21
13 17 9 16 9 16 9
12 25 14 23 14 21 20
2 i 4 . 6 2 7 3
6 25 6 26 6 22 15
19 39 23 41 22 39 28
14 40 " 14 41 11 39 15
36 32 31 36 21 31 37
3 8 5 8 5 7 5
297 235 268 229 263 245 275
103 312 109 312 94 286 159
57 174 57 167 53 154 76
54 140 55 132 51 122 72
130 257 132 257 121 229 122
99 215 99 144 97 196 128
82 166 192 1S8 152 170 196
115 118 106 120 100 105 137
175 214 176 227 159 173 239
69 131 61 126 64 125 78
63 102 57 99 64 103 63
112 151 105 142 110 163 99
63 144 51 149 42 139 59
126 104 117 99 122 110 198
144 201 131 204 129 235 103
107 214 83 200 95 217 84
50 8S 44 79 50 87 50
165 93 124 98 113 116 79
99 108 95 101 98 129 72
42 61 32 54 44 70 27
2961 4710 2879 4638 2S60 4690 3023
" 3
3 3 3 3 3 ,3' 3
3 3 3 3 3 3 cu
' Cu Cu Cu Cu Cu Cu 3
t-r r-r . r-r r-r r-r r-r
z z z z z z "Z
o o o o o o P
O o 0 o o 0
S y y
182
150
16
5
28
36
97
83
174
6
7
52
39
19
18
36
77
19
. 17
15
30
11
11
44
38
47
39
11
35
63
46
50
19
36
- 8
29
44
47
46
9
238
369
1S5
155
293
248
185
116
226
150
100
164
139
105
222
239
87
95
115
69
189
151
23
5
30
35
107
89
200
11
7
45
33
22
22
47
72
24
22
15
32
S
57
39
58
41
17
35
72
47
53
16
33
5
32
3S
39
37
11
232
351
185
152
291
222
176
117
225
135
104
152
143
102
215
228
85
98
119
68
122
81
9
13
11
17
30
112
2
6
16
43
7
12
23
50
14
3
1
91
8
2
11
28
11
42
10
29
20
12
29
10
15
4
9
35
23
49
6
330
126
63
56
157
121
20S
159
225
72
81
123
82
133
144
83
50
145
96
40
151
144
17
5
26
31
89
93
152
9
9
49
34
15
15
37
57
3
14
11
22
17
13
34
34
54
28
7
24
55
37
51
20
29
7
28
47
41
26
9
198
325
165
140
303
217
165
109
197
137
104
154
150
84
2o0
235
79
66
91
63
143 6
119
8
23
15 1
43
26
131 2
2 1
3
27
40
11
IS
27
58
33
8
5
18
8 1
3
34
23 7
' 9 5
54
13
41 3
20 7
23 1
31
10
16
3
10
23 3
22
51
373 1
153 IS
93 5
78 4
151 3
131 2
230 1
158 3
251 5
88 2
8S 4
147 1
70
154
ISO
168 2
63
171 1
132
53
4037 90
TT
3 3
Cu Cu
r-r r-r
z z
o o
. 0
222
156
23
5
37
35
102
89
197
9
9
47
61
21
25
48
87
23
20
16
22
14
13
51
43
55
50
19
37
74
46
55
19
34
9
30
51
49
53
10
353
36S
193
155
302
249
243
160
305
152
129
169
167
126
247
232
70
126
13S
109 155 62
169 60 99
22 7 10
6 ... 5
23 24 19
28 13 14
90 16 67
75 ' 35 54
127 162 113
8 3 9
5 6 5
46 9 28
39 21 24
15 13 11
17 14 10
41 14 23
63 46 47
19 11 4
19 - 3 12
16 .... 16
29 10 IS
13 2 4
9 2 4
45 15 25
37 24 29
36 19 27
44 23 27
13 6
27 28 S
48 31 36
36 16 12
25 32
17 6 14
29 12 14
5 4 4
28 5 IS
49 18 34
44 14 22
41 23 17
9,4 8
258 226 144
359 77 240
180 46 132
131 39 109
2SS 102 21S
233 81 174
184 140 115
130 87 61
251 129 133
136 52 99
125 59 62
184 76 93
165 53 94
115 105 54
230 111 128
243 69 156
92 47 52
110 10S 40
120 73 51
0 21 36
5190 2594 32F2
3 3 3
3 3 3
Cu Cu Cu
r-r t-r r-r
z z z
P P o
z z
? 2 o
222 .
142
12
27
30
54
66
156
3
9
34
49
15
19
34
71
29
12
1
23
14
8
41
39
35
55
13
51
43
48
62
14
34
6
20
41
43
6S
6
407
217
112
89
199
158
256
192
310
111
109
185
126
183
232
167
92
200
174
75
238
170
23
5
35
33
100
99
192
10
10
48
54
22
25
43
97
24
18
17
29
13
13
53
52
57
37
75
47
69
21
32
9
33
61
48
60
11
365
387
196.
154
308
264
255
171
316
150
122
183
169
142
249
238
92
148
149
78
229 153
168 163
23 23
S I
39 40
40 40
114 104
103 98
03 197
11 10
8 10
3S 46
59 66
22 19
23 2S
63 57
9 99
29 28
IS IS
17 17
31 29
19 19
13 12
65 61
51 40
54 42
59 CI
18 IS
41 38
78 59
49 36
55 45
19
31 25
10 10
33 33
63 56
49 36
57 64
12 13
372 SS5
381 347
204 192
153 -131
303 264
265 238
257 267
172 174
316 307
153 139
125 114
189 1S3
176 19
152 147
252 246
235 234
98 92
154 147
151 149
79 . 74
6276 6895
136
62
9
15
9
50
36
134
6
6
26
28
13
6
12
51
5
5
9
7
10
4
'22
23
26
43
13
13
31
27
25
8
21
4
14
20
35
23
5
282
217
101
85
125
152
198
123
194
81
55
117
66
103
148
113
53
89
89
37
175
91
10
14
19
42
51
144
5
5
29
50
17
14
27
72
19
11
1
22
. 13
8
38
30
18
42
9
33
29
26
34
10
18
3
7
31
2'
52
3
372
138
76
66
157
125
238
123
235
82
95
152
82
157
188
108
60
174
131
48
173 91
147 62
22 3
5
31 9
33 7
101 14
96 24
196 80
10 2
6 3
45 14
49 18
17 8
21 6
51 7
68 38
20 9
13 8
16
20 12
16 2
9 3
45 14
37 20
49 13
54 14
17 1
33 33
63 15
43 12
63 24
19 9
26 13
10
26 6
41 19
35 14
32 28
9 4
292 209
346 84
184 43
152 46
293 106
235 86
207 145
138 87
255 241
154 60
112 55
171 85
162 44
142 92
249 99
240 66
89 43
139 84
139 67
77 25
5573 3948
? T
t I-
oq
Cu j
k
z
2- !
5" :
i
4249 1028 4651 3854
X
2
3
o
c
3
1
3
o
3
3
Cu
r-r
Z
o ,
3
3
Cu
r-r
Z
0
o
p
-
n
CO
0
qq
3
c
a
co
z
n
o
o
"i
n
"0
5s
s:
09.
n
3.
n
o
cr
3
m
2
73
n
3
o
0)
C3 O
in O
CO C
5'
W
CO
CO
ft
O
3
x
z
p
o
z
p
o
n
CO
z
p
o
y
Z
- o
z
p
o
-
CO
o
3-
a
of
CD
09
73
n
3
o
0)
3
r
CD
CD
O
r
o
H 2-
z
O
z
o
Z
0
n . P
n
CO
CO
" z
2 ?
47 122 66 161 59 110 86 6 287 205 11
57 59 54 62 65 61 64 198 23 .. 206
10 13 lo 13 11 12 11 .... -
5 .. .. 5
8 29 5 23 9 22 10 39 8 89
9 20 8 . 17 11 15 12 ' 31 11 1 20
49 10 49 30 35 36 26 32 69 2 19
26 57 19 44 41 43 34 12 86 4 IS
68 112 63 141 65 99 78 105 85 15 12S
29164 737217
5 3 3 4 7 1 5 .... 15
8 27 9 19 21 27 14 16 43 3S C
19 34 14 31 17 20 23 23 3S 15 22
5 12 3 15 4 12 8 28 3 2
6 9 7 16 9 5 13 06 20 .. 6
13 23 9 6 11 26 11 10 46 4 11
15 6S 9 66 19 46 30 2 117 30 I
5 17 16 1 11 10 36
6 13 5 13 4 13 4 1 20 1 1
' 12 .... 13 ,1 14 17 6 1
14) 21 10 13 23 21 13 12 26 12
3 10 2 11 3 3 4 1 IS 1 1
57165 843 11 14
23 40 12 21 22 30 20 25 38 3 36
20 31 14 28 19 14 31 14 43 3 19
13 ,32 11 22 22 23 18 53 6 11
7 33 6 28 15 28 14 .... 72 50
5 13 2 9 3 9 7 ... 19 16
26 33 18 31 25 23 31 22 3S S 25
15 30 13 36 9 29 23 8 71 10 16
25 23 15 14 26 16 25 43 7 .... 4S
24 53 IS 26 27 26 28 40 20 9 46
26 8 20 5 16 5 23 19 5 2 20
16 12 17 20 14 . 13 22 36 6 4 37
15 15 1 5 .... 9 2
8 9 8 8 15 It 9 .... 41 1
22 20 23 27 23 19 23 7 62 18 4
26 '7 23 20 24 17 29 15 41 21 4
13 34 13 34 IS 23 26 13 56 25
2 11 .... 8 2 9 1 2 11 10
116 234 106 278 112 217 1S6 166 342 369 49
156 132 160 131 178 142 178 129 303 239 74
63 81 60 73 73 64 92 71 145 117 34
S3 71 70 73 75 75 78 54 127 122 20
119 120 10 129 141 129 127 147 216 21$ l
116 112 11$ 120 116 102 134 89 198 187 36
91 157 70 157 82 124 120 94 256 270 25
52 96 46 1U 57 94 70 69 174 196 15
!t6 1S6 7S 172 113 169 125 122 284 293 25
67 47 70 49 82 50 76 6S 124 112 37
46 50 41 71 42 44 53 169 16 5 176
56 119 56 107 70 86 S7 272 25 4 27S
53 69 45 68 63 58 66 . 208 14 4 207
30 103 37 110 32 82 73 2:!S 8 3 233
79 144 75 143 7S 97 126 333 2S 1 349
76 92 77 S9 93 93 95 2!"9 19 .. 308
29 53 29 56 34 39 4S 13S 3 3 138
24 119 22 124 29 67 73 219 8 .... 227
39 104 27 111 42 49 92 2tS 7 3 214
26 44 IS 36 30 32 36 102 10 .... 106
2191 3246 1910 32S3 2273 2713 2732 3S0S 3903 2656 3433
199
190
153
19
5
32
40
94
79
163
7
8
53
46
17
22
38
79
17
15
16
26
12
11
45
41
45
49
18
36
64
37
52
19
32
5
29
44
47
43
11
301
387
194
135
288
243
220
150.
277
14S
117
179
. 175 .
136
247
240
93
117
137
78
111
20
5
30
38
99
82
183
7
9
44
48
18
23
49
77
17
16
15
27
11
13
52
41
44
51
18
33
5S
4U
53
22
32
6
30
43
43
43
10
327
330
184
130
276
23S
231
156
284
138
124
191
170
133
269
233
90
154
144
SO
20
1
161
23
5
31
27
93
87
193
9
7
49
50
18
25
53
81
20
17
17
28
17
11
49
49
36
54
16
30
71
43
52
13
36
9
28
44
43
42
11
369
355
193
132
294
252
250
188
297
147
127
194
184
,179
300
244
94
176
164
85
147
19
5
30
35
91
80
156
7
6
4S
46
17
23
47
75
14
16
15
26
12
11
42
44
46
45
15
31
59
38
52
20
. 34
6
26
41
45
41
10
270
353
189
130
288
241
201
130
243
137
110
173
171
134
231
228
90
117
131
77
150
17
5
29
36
95
75
160
7
8
51
41
17
' 21
38
80
20
16
14
28
11
9
47
42
36
45
13
28
64
35
50
20
31
6
28
44
45
49
11
278
357
185
129
280
235
195
136
274
134
111
144
ir.6
99
216
236
83
86
98
67
17
11
13
37
108
2
3
13
26
7
8
23
43
14
11
9
12
36
107
7
8
12
38
37
2
5
11
21
8
17
10
18
3
2
10
o
5
12
7
15
10
3
17
27
23
27
25
11
9
16
26
11
1
110
15S
86
101
146
1M0
80
6K
105
S3
40
53
23
84
93
25
45
23
33
18
54
47
100
3
2
22
33
16
10
12
SO
S
10
15
10
7
3
15
34
22
34
11
8
26
11
29
5
13
9
IS
21
18
31
13
207
143
72
67
118
117
147
79
1 ;5
41
52
103
70
10S
124
96
30
116
3S
8
11
13
31
76
6
6
15
16
8
9
29
10
9
1
00
2
10
36
IS
23
10
2
43
23
31
3S
27
18
14
21
35
19
132
15S
SS
74
134
M7
4
62
12
7S
42
54
65
35
S7
S7
42
31
17
21
26
18
43
41
91
4
20
26
13
12
16
72
12
10
13
5
9
2
17
oM
21
30
13
17
36
13
26
5
16
9
15
17
16
26
10
1S3
141
70
57
112
94
122
66
137
41
51
!3
61
00
114
90
101
7
11
11
15
34
71
5
5
13
19
8
6
26
12
4
2
27
3
10
37
IS
22
13
1
39
17
27
32
26
15
24
23
40
32
68
5
2
25
21
10
11
16
33
10
8
12
16
4
19
12
24
O
10
28
27
u
17
O
16
5
12
15
11
21
11
176
139
64
54
128
102
103
K3
126
41
51
SI
49
74
102
74
29
61
"i5
29
9
6
18
33
12
3
5
12
17
8
7
20
31
4
5
1
14
6
5
27
27
11
6
3
21
19
25
14
10
15
22
62
3
1
10
14
6
7
19
34
12
25
8
7
20
43
23
4
2
8
4
4
18
25
19
22
7
38
21
20
27
15
21
1
9
24
15
25
6
2S8
125
65
56
123
101
155
115
175
59
62
1"2
61
120
125
89
49
125
95
4n
43 203 179
27 170 53
17 7 19
20 22 32
13 20 20
19 79 60
25 78 52
86 131 123
2 10 7
2 10 3
7 53 27
24 34 31
7' 18 14
9 17 13
8Q
23 67 58
12 9 12
6 14 12
17 15
6 31 24
9 2 11
13 5
9 52 46
24 31 41
12 46 33
17 37 28
2 13 13
5 55 35
12 59 25
4 47 17
16 53 30
4 , 27 5
10 33 20
3 6 6
9 22 ' 13
26 32 26
10 49 16
18 42 36
1 9 11
1S9 335 2S0
62 403 132
22 218 73
24 170 41
69 311 126
41 281 137
128 216 167
68 1G2 10.1
96 303 1S4
33 lfil 49
DO 107 65
69 175 113
29 155 66
n 10S 124
106 212 127
26 252 S6
21 101 51
XI 110 121
7S 116 9:!
12 SS 36
19J6 3649 3423
166
141 128 120 101
142 122 89 70
22 17 3 8
5 5
33 28 10 8
-6 29 10 8
96 96 9 13
77 62 42 27
159 148 123 109
9 6 2 2
7 6 3 3
38 38 17 19
40 33 25 32
.14 11 10 8
19 21 10 9
43 34 10 4
63 96 38 29
18 18 17 12
15 15 6 3
16 14 - 1
22 22 13 13
12 12 7 6
7 10 4 2
43 39 29 15
37 37 30 21
43 28 24 13
43 46 16 17
16 17 11
27 31 28 23
49 50 29 13
36 33 17 12
40 33 33 26
12 18 12 6
28 20 17 13
7 7 12
27 24 9 6
48 40 24 18
42 36 13 19
45 28 27 30
8 8 7 5
346 239 203 236
328 304 104 91
186 159 47 57
134 131 42 50
287 354 109 129
242 212 73 102
250 179 121 160
170 117 66 113
284 219 115 187
137 134 55 63
106 107 64 56
165 159 88 77
149 141 66 39
113 129 , 106 84
114 113 135 98
112 183 92 78
84 80 54 44
113 136 127 71
117 128 83 62
64 62 46 28
205 4527 2lii)0 2554
189
185
144
133 196
144 156
17 23
5 5
24 33
38 38
95 96
79 81
152 181
7 7
8 8
47 43
48 51
19 18
25 23
35 , 50
68 76
14 20
15 16
15 15
31 28
10 12
12 10
50 49
39 43
52 40
47 54
14 18
41 38
66 66
42 41
56 45
23 17
28 28
9 3
28 27
43 41
45 48
40 37
9 9
248 320
348 324
180 179
131 135
273 ' 274
220 243
186 251
124 173
244 2X6
136 139
1 OS 125
164 17
147 176
93 156
202 25S
232 245
89 93
92 144
111 146
70 82
11
17
2
4
16
' 19
16
21
5
15
17
1
21
3
8
4
S
8
8
IS
5
139
73
45
30
S4
6S
SO
49
S9
32
3S
77
3S
57
79
55
30
59
til
' 20
17S9
8
3
3
.17
24'
20
20
5
32
18
20
26
19
17
1
7
23
13
29
6
287
115
59
56
129 '
104
135
115
173
61
85
133
90
157
153
116
57
141
129
53
4
12
13
4
4
22
9
13
6
12
3
n
33
24
126
147
77
83
135
1J8
S6
62
103
7S
36
-61
59
39
!0
S7
4
33
21
30
21
14S
14S
69
7
112
122
110
67
US
5S
41
67
63
56
SO
93
46
48
19
65
20
29
57
18
29
22
33
31
22
12
8
13
19
12
9
"4
11
$358 5161 50S2 072S 564S 5076 3213
oUsi 2o0l 27o9 22S1 296 22S2 1
X
FIVE
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1918.
i T
DAILY REVIEW WANT ADS
Advertisements under this head at the rate of 1 cent per word each Issue, with a minimum charge of 25 cents.
Advertisements must reach The Review office not later than 8 p. m. for insertion in next mornings paper.
Female Hln Wanted
WANTED A competent maid for
family of two. Phone 756.
634
WANTED Girl or woman for general
housework. Apply first house be
yond Brooks apartments, O. "K.
street. 571
Male Help Wanted
WANTED A boy to do erranas at the
the Review office. A chance for pro
motion for an energetic boy. 636
Positions Wanted
WANTED Girl for housework. Apply
Irs. Emil Marks, Clawson avenue,
Bisbee. 23
For Rent
FOP. RENT Tent house, light, gas,
water. Call Sunday, Loma 39, Laun
dry canyon. 632
FOR RENT Two nice rooms for light
housekeeping, $18. Light and water
furnished. No. 16 Tank hill, third
house from Brophy's. 632
FOR RENT $20, dandy new three
room and porch bungalow, Highland
Park. Electric light and plenty wa
ter free. Uncle Jim's, Brewery
Gulch. 633
FOR RENT Two room furnished
house, $15 month. Large lot, chick
en and rabbit pens, well of good wa
ter, no hills to climb, close to car
line. Chickens for sale. Inquire at
Review office or address Box 2297,
Bisbee. ' 637
FOR RENT Lower floor three rooms,
bath, kitchenette and screen porch,
furnished, $25. One block north old
school, Warren.. 652
FQR RENT Nice front room, private
family, close in. Yellow house, No. 7
Quality hill. Mrs. Gilbert. 653
FOR RENT One large furnished tent
house for light housekeeping. 24
Upper Lowell. 654
FOR RENT Nicely furnished front
room in private family. 31 Clawson
avenue, opposite Bisbee high school.
Private entrance. 669
FOR RENT Three room apartment
completely furnished. Call Elliotte
house. 668
FOR RENT Three room wen furnish
ed cozy apartment, brown bungalow
on hill opposite large water tank,
Tombstone canyon, Moon stop Star
avenue. Mrs. Bell. 630
FOR RENT One extra lage room un
furnished with screened back porch,
$8 per month. Apply E. I. Heaston,
fourth house from Hospital road,
Bakerville. i 620
FOR RENT Desirabie housekeeping
furnished apartment, three rooms,
new bath and fine sleeping porch.
Phone Black 811, or call 236 School
hill. 619
FOR RENT Three
rooms, no children. '
696.
housekeeping
Phone Green
627
FOR RENT Batching rooms. Mrs.
'Lewis, Tombstone canyon, around
Castle Rock. 628
FOR RENT Four modern rooms fur
nished, one-half block north old
school. Warren. CaU 176 after 7
p. m. 573
FOR RENT Two furnished house
keeping rooms. 23 Montana street,
Johnson addition. 579
FOR RENT A garage. 67-B
canyon. Frank Munkres.
Moon
574
FOR RENT Four room furnished
apartment, no children, to perma
nent tenant. Call evenings or Sun
day, 51 Jiggerville. See Mrs. Han
inger, P. D. store, Lowell. 576
FOR RENT A four and a two room
house. 207 High road. 570
FOR RENT Two larse newly furn
ished housekeeping rooms with
bath. 70 Wood canyon. Geo For-
rey. .. 5GU
FOR RENT Two furnished house
keeping rooms. Apply Mrs. A. Bauer,
Bauer hill. 510
FOR RENT Two large furnished
front rooms, housekeeping if de
sired. Vista street. Warren. Phone
791. 387
FOR RENT Garage, Tombstone can
yon, second house to right of Mason
avenue car stop. dh
For Sale
FOR SALE Three room hou.se and
furniture, O. K. street. Inquire I. W.
Wallace. 650
FOR SALE One Stuoeoaker Six seven-passenger.
Inquire Moose hotel.
60G
FOR SALE Laying hens and pullets,
all breeds. Write us your require
ments. Phoenix Seed & Feed com-
pany. Phoenix, Ariz.
616 !
FOR SALE Four room house with
bath, toilet and two porches. J. E. '
T., 47 Johnson addition. 4S4
FOR SALE Jersey milk tow. 216
Tombstone canyon, or write Bisbee.
Box 546. "i"2
r-v-tii ? f L- .1..... ..1-..
stock. Good business. Leaving 1 I.O.ST -town
on account of sicknenB. 5fi9 1 chain
FOR SALE On reasonable terms,
best board and rooming notice in
Bisbee. Apply Box 2291. .ru!
FOR SALE Five room house with
bath. Warren. Little Bridge btop.
apply Whitmer. 663
For Sale
FOR SALE Four room house with
bath furnished, including piano and
machine, in Warren, three doors
from car barn on Hazzard street.
Can be seen all day Sunday and aft
er 4:30 during week. 635
FOR SALE! Good second hand late
1915 model twin cylinder three speed
Indian motorcycle. Cheap. See
Philip Engasser, gas plant, Johnson
addition. 63S
FOR SALE Two Ford trucks, one
Ford roadster, two five-passenger
Fords, one five-passenger Overland,
one light oldsmobile, one seven-passenger
Stuiiebaker, one Chevrolet.
Will give liberal terms, drop a postal
and I will call and tell you what I
have. Box 607, Bisbee. 641
FOR SALE: Sniail coal heater,
Phone 679 Black.
$5.
618
FOR SALE Six rooms and a sleeping
porch, lot 70x140, corner Briggs anu
Campbell avenues, Warren. Phone
779. 575
FOR SALE Bevel mirror wardrobes,
canopy top iron beds, dressers; oth
er furniture. 151 Clawson avenue,
corner Opera Drive, City Park. 482
FOR SALE: Piano, almost new, $175,
bargain; also furniture of three
rooms. Owner leaving soon. 4t
Mason hilL 577
FOR SALE Four room house with
bath and furniture. Next to the
cement house on the same street at
C. & A. hospital stop in Warren. 4So
FOR SALE One modern five room
house with bath with or without
furniture. Located. Clawson ave
nue, see r . coies, i-neips wmst
store. 27
FOR SALE The Pressure Cooker.
Phone 734 for cookers or demonstra
tion. Bisbee Mattress Works. 152
FOR SALE Ranch, 160 acres, all
fenced, patented windmill, plenty oi
water for stock, a four room house,
a mile and a half from Lee station,
$1800. lutruire Box 1695, Bisbee. 102
FOR SALE Bundles of old papers at
the Review office. Large bundles,
price 25c.
Miscellaneous
AMERICAN HOME MADE BEER
Not a near beer, nor substitute, but
a genuine beer made in the home.
Simple, easy to make. Get the recipe
by America's foremost brewiuaster.
Send 10 cents for mailing, E. J.
Weston, 208 1-2 East Ninth street,
Los Angeles. 666
STOCK SALESMEN Financial
house has opening for five $1000 per
month stock salesmen to follow up
live leads which cost us from $10
to $15 a piec in Btnall towns.
Strong selling issue. Have active
endorsement of many prominent
men. 25 to 30 leads when salesman
starts more continually. Excellent
references required. Address, Sales
Manager, 2952 Chicago avenue,
Chicago, 111. 157
SCECOND HAND CLOTHES Bought.
Phone 739, City Dye Works. 604
BUY YOUR XMAS GOODS DOLLAR
WEEK At the Racket Jewelry
store, Brewery Gulch, and save
money. 539
MADAM CLARK
The WELL-KNOWN CLAIRVOYANT.
If you are in trouble of any kind
unhappy, not satisfied in life, have
domestic, love or business troubles
you will be told how to overcome
them all. My record for successful
work during the past year is as fol
lows: Reunited 163 couples.
Brought about 237 marriages.
Located two buried treasures. .
Located 27 absent persons .
Overcome 220 rivals.
Removed 37 eAil influences.
Whatever your trouble is, I can help
you.
. MADAM CLARK
Hours: 10 a. ra. to 8 p. in.? daily.
Golden Hotel, Room 15. 631
LIBERTY BONDS BOUGHT We pay
the following prices, any amount
bought ($50 to $50,000): 1st 3 pet.
complete, $102; 2d 4 pet. complete,
96; 3d 414, complete $96; 4th 4 pet.
complete $94. Send same by
registered mail or by express
Remittances returned same day.
Reference, Dun or Bradstreets
or any banking company. United
Stock & Bond Co., 414 Geary St.,
San Francisco. 410
GOSSAUD CORSETS FOR SALE
1 - All i4n;itD .:irifiiHv
A I I'lll f., My. i i v l ..v .... v.u.i-iu.ij I
fitted, lnos Warburton. next ArM
zona Grocery store, Upper Main.
2S2
WANTED Clean, white cotton rags.
Bisbeo Review office. tf
A'lU'lE TO "If. 1. C A. ncnooi, UJ8
u6e:c," anout Auto, uauio, L,mn
meiciat ana r.ngiueenng courses
1 ram lor service. z
Lost
LOST Between telephone offiee and
Castle Koek, diamond bar pin. Re
turn to Dorothy Davis, telephone ot
fire unci receive reward. 613
LOST War cavinc certificate,
ry Lyman, Box 951.
liar
655 Lady's watch with short lob
Name oil bacK, Rosie. Re
turn to Review. 651
LOST- Ebony heads. Return to War
ren Drug company for reward. i7
BUNDLES OF OLD PAPERS.-At the
Review otfice. Large buuiiles, price
J5c.
.
Wanted
WANTED Gentleman wants furnish
ed room or room with board in War
ren. Apply C X, care Review. 651
WANTED To buy, a small second
hand trunk. Apply L. li., care Re
view. 640
WANTED Four or five room house
furnished, close in. Apply A. J.,
care Review. 617
WANTED To buy, a second hand
trunk, medium size preferred. Ap
ply C. S., care Review. 639
WANTED About 1500 head of goats
on shares, or buy half interest. Can
' use a good ranch if you have it, if
not I have an extra good one. L. A.
Knape, Bisbee, Ariz. 621
WANTED Minnie V. Williams
Phone 229, 5:30 p. m.
call
546
WANTED 1000 . shoppers to buy $5
articles for $1. Racket Jewelry store.
Brewery Gulch. 540
A'ANTED Double headed hardwood
barrels in good condition. We w ill
pay $1.50 each delivered at our
markets in Bisbee or Lowell or at
our slaughter house. E. A. Tovrea
& Co. 432
WANTED House, Tour rooms or more
unfurnished, Bisbee or Warren. Ad
dress. "G.." care Review. tf-dh
Business Chances.
BRANCH MANAGER WANTED For
old established Chicago concern.
We furnish full stock of goods, ad
vertising matter, and equip
store completely in good loca
tion all to our expense and pay
you $40 a week saiary, in addition
to liberal share of the profits your
store earns. Work can be started in
spare time. No investment or prev
ious experience necessary to secure
this position. If you are a hustler
and want an opportunity to make
$5000 to $15,000 a year we want you
and will pay you well from the start.
Send me your application today. S.
Levy. Mgr., Department 599, Como
Bldg., Chicago, 111. 665
Money to Joan
SMALL QUICK LOANS On your per
sonal note to salaried men ana wo
men, also on furniture. Cox Loan
company. Room 7, Sparks Kline
building. I66
Legal Notices
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
(023139)
Department of the Interior
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Arizona,
October 5, 1?18.
Notice is hereby given that Daniel
McGowan.- of Hereford, Arizona, who.
on August 19, 1913, made Desert Land
Entrv. No. 023139, for 8. W. N. E.
4. S'. E. V N- W. U. N. W. M S. E.
N. E. Vt S. W. 4, Section 7, Township
24 S., Range 22 E., G. & S. R. B. &
Meridian, has filed notice of intention
to make final purchase proof under
Act 3-4-15, to establish claim to the
land above described, before Jared D.
Taylor, U. S. Commissioner, at Bisbee,
Arizona, on the 14th day of November,
1918.
Claimant names as witnesses:
James L. Brooks, of Bisbee, Arizona.
Charles McGowan, of Bisbee, Ari
zona.
Dayton L. Graham, sr., of Bisbee,
Arizona.
Dayton L. Graham, jr., of Garces,
Arizona. w "
941 JOHN L. IRVIN, Register.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
(024063
Department of the Interior
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix. Arizona,
October 5, 191S.
Notice is hereby given that Lloyd L.
Stewart, of Don Luis, Arizona, who, on
January 13, 1914, made Homestead
Entry, No. 024063, for Lots 1. 2, 3 and
4, S. N. W. Vi, Section 29, Township
23 S.. Range 24 E., G. & S. R. B. &
Meridian, has filed notice of intention,
to make three year proof, to establish
claim to the land above described, be
fore Jared D. Taylor, U. S. Commis
sioner, at Bisbee, Arizoaa, on the 12th
day of November, 1918.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Carl Fuller, of Don Luis, Arizona.
Minnie Duffy, of Don Luis, Arizona.
Thomas J. Spaulding, ot Bisbee, Ari
zona. Harry L. Grenard, of Lowell, Ari
zona. 943 JOHN L. IRVIN, Register.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
(026789)
Department of the Interior
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Arizona,
October 5, 1918.
Notice is hereby given that Isaac E.
French, of Hereford, Arizona, who, on
Feb. 18. 1915, made Homestead Entry,
No. 026789, for N. Vi. Section 25,
Township 22 S., Range 21 E , G. & S.
R. B. & Meridian, has filed notice of
Intention to make three year proof, to
establish claim to the land above de
scribed, before Jared D. Taylor, U. S.
Commissioner, at Bisbee, Arizoaa, on
the 13th day of November, 1918.
Claimant names j.H witnesses:
Sherman J. Deals
Jacob J. Karleu
Alfred Bailey.
William A. Lyth, all of Hereford,
Arizona.
945 JOHN L. IRVIN. Register.
NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF
STOCKHOLDERS OF EL PASO &
SOUTHWESTERN RAILROAD
COMPANY.
Notice fs hereby ghen that a spe
cial meeting of stockholders of El
I'aso & Southwestern Railroad com
pany will be held at the principal of
fice of the company in Bisbee. Co bit.e
county, Arizona, on Wednesday, the
4th day of De'-euibel. 191S, at to
o'clock p. in. for the purpose of clett-
ing directors to serve until the next
annual meeting of stockholders, or un
i.i lueir successors, are elected and
nuu.il.ect, and also for the purpose of
v.o.isidering and acting upon a resolu
uU1i u approve all ot the acts ot the
oiiicers and directors of said company
siiicd tue last annual meeting thereoi.
mis meeting is called by stocknold
ers of record of said El Paso & South
western Railroad company who own
more than one-third ot the issued and
n..tUiunHintr :inttal Stock thereof. Raid
VUIDIHIIUIUD I '
call duly signed by said stockholders
being on file in my ouice.
GEORGE NOTMAN.
Secretary of Ei Paso & Southwestern
Railroad Company. 699
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
(023942)
Department of the Interior
IJ. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Arizona,
October 5. 1918.
Notice is hereby given that James
E. Tomblinson, of Garces, Arizona,
who on Dec. 11. 1913, made Home
stead Entry, No. 023S42, for E. .V.
14 N. E. hi S. E. Vi. Section 23, Town
ship 23 S., Range 20 E., G. & S. R. B.
&. Meridian, has filed notice of inten
tion to make five year proof, to estab
lish claim to the land above described,
before W. A. Fowler, U. S. Commis
sioner, at Tombstone, Arizona, on the
12th day of November, 1918.
Claimant names as witnesses:
G. J. McCabo and Milton Clark, both
of Hereford, Arizona.
W. L. Aston and H. W. Clarkson,
both of Garces, Arizona.
946 JOHN L. IRVIN, Register
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
026913 02SS26
Department of the Interior
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Ariz.
November 2, 1918.
Notice is hereby given that Albert
J. Voorhees, of Hereford, Arizona,
who, on March 15, 191b, made Home
stead Entry, No. 026913, for W. N.E.
, S. N.W. Vt. Sec. 26, S. N.E.
Vi, S.E. N.W. M, Section 27, and on
November 17, 1915, made additional
Homestead Entry. No. 028826, for N.E.
4 N.W. Vi, Section 27, Township 22-S,
Ranjre 21-E., G. & S. R. B. & Meridian,
has filed notice of intention to make
three year proof, to establish claim to
the land above described, before Jared
D. Taylor, U. S. Commisisoner, at Bis
bee, Arizona, on the 11th day of De
cember, 1918.
Claimant names as witnesses:
William A. Lyth,-
Pearl E. Voorhees; both of Hereford,
Arizona.
Louis A. Bocdecker, of Turner, Ari
zona. John E. Nelson, of Bisbee. Arizona.
609 JOHN L. IRVIN. Register.
First publication November 9, 1918.
Lfcst publication December 8, 1918.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
023275027394
Department of the Interior
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Ariz.
November 2, 1918.
Notice is hereby given that Pearl E.
Voorhees, of Hereford, Arizona, who,
on September 5, 1913, made Home
stead Entry No. 023275 for the S.E. ,
Sec. 28, Tp. 22 S., R. 21-E., and on May
11, 1915, made additional Homestead
Entry, No. 027394, for S.E. N.E. Vi,
Sec. 2S, W. V4 N.W. Vi. Sec. 27, Town
ship 22-S., Range 21-E., G. & S. R. B. &
Meridian, has filed notice of Intention
to make three year proof, to establish
claim to the land above described, be
fore Jared D. Taylor, U. S. Commis
sioner, at Bisbee, Arizona, on the 11th
day of December, 1918.
Claimant names as witnesses:
William A. Lyth,
Albert J. Voorhees, both of Here
ford, Arizona.
John E. Nelson, of Bisbee, Arizona.
Lotus A. . Boedecker, of Turner,
Arizona.
607 JOHN L. IRVIN, Register.
. First publication November 9, ,1918.
Last publication December 8, 1918.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
019126 .
Department of the Interior
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Ariz.
November 2, 1918.
Notice is hereby given that William
Ryan, of Hereford, Arizona, who, on
September 6, 1912, made Desert Land
Entry, No. 019128. for N.E. t S.E. Vi.
K. N E. Vi. Sec. 7, N.W. '. N.W. Vi,
Section 8. Township 24-S.. Range
22-E., G. & S. R. B. & Meridian, has
filed notice of intention to make final
proof under the Act of March 4. 1915
Purchase Clause to establish claim
to the land above described, before
Jared D. Taylor, U. S. Commissioner,
at Bit-bee, Arizona, on the 10th day of
December, 1918. .
Claimant names as witnesses:
Angus Gillis,
James Delaney, both of Bisbee, Ari
zona.
Ben Morgan,
Dayton L. Graham, jr., both of
Garces, Arizona.
608 JOHN L. IRVIN. Register.
First publication November P. 191S.
Last publication December 8. 1318.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Arizona,
October 19, 1918.
Notice is hereby given that Manuel
Lurranaga, of Garces, Arizona, v.lio,
on September 29, 1915, made Home
stead entry. No. 0ot;!6, for S. ' N.W.
',. N. 'i S. W. ',, Section 34. Town
ship .28 S.. Range 21-E., G. & S. R. B.
& Meridian, has filed notice of inten-
Ition to make 1 hreo Year proof, to es-'tablis-h
claim to the land above de
j scribed, before Jared D. Taylor, U. S.
I Commissioner, -t IJisbec, Arizona, on
the L'fith day of November, l'.'IS.
I Claimant names us witnesses:
James F. Kelly, of Garces, Arizona.
Charles A. Martin, of Lowell. Ari
zona. William Ran. of Hereford, Arizona.
George L. Dunn, of Stark. Arizona.
JOHN L. IRWIN. Register.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
(026401)
Department of the Interior
U. S. linit Office at Phoenix, Arizona,
October 5. U'lS.
Notice is hereby given that Minnie
Dutty, of Don Lois, Arizona, who, ou
January 2, 1915, made Homestead
MRS. CHRiSTENSEH
GAINSJB POUNDS
Health Was Completely Shat
tered When She Began
Taking Tanlac
"Just give me Tanlac and you may
have all the other medicines," said
Mrs. C. W. Christensen, residing at
1616 South Forty-fourth street, Taco
ma, Washington.
"Those who have not seen me since
I began taking Tanlac," continued
Mrs. Christensen, "would hardly know
me on first sight, I have undergone
such a change. Why, do you know 1
have actually gained 36 pounds. It
hardly sounds reasonable, but it's the
truth. I had suffered from nervous
ness and frequent dizzy spells for sev
en years, and my sleep was so broken,
and I was so tired that I hardly felt
like getting up in the mornings. My
back felt like it would break in two,
it hurt me so badly and my kidneys
bothered me all the time. Everything
I would eat tasted bad and my stom
ach was so upset that I could not eat
more than one meal a day, and that a
very light one. Besides ail this, about
18 months ago. I was in an automobile
accident, and have been almost a nerv
ous wreck ever since. I thought my
condition was bad enough before, but
afterwards my health was completely
shattered. The pains in my back were
almost unbearable, my stomach got
worse and I was in dreadful plight. I
lost weight until I got down to only
98 pounds was hardly more than a
frame and was confined to my bed
for several weeks.
"Finally a friend of my husband ad
vised him to get me to try Tanlac, and
my improvement commenced with the
first bottle. I have' been gaining in
weight and strength ever since until
now, my troubles are not only gone,
but I feel Just as strong and well as
I ever did. I eat just anything and en
joy it and nothing hurts me a particle.
My nerves are strong and steady ana 1
sleep so well that I'm glad for nignt to
come, and getting up time comes too
earlv for me in the mornings. Tanlac
has certainly brought health and hap-1
piuess to me and I can t say too mucn
in its praise."
Tanlac is sold in Bisbee by J. m.
Ball, in Douglas by Douglas Drug com
pany, in Paradise by G. A. Walker, in
Bowie by Bowie Drug company, in san
Simon by J. B. Cooke, in Wilcox by
A. A. Nicholson, In Lowell by Lowell
Drug company, in Benson by C. F.
Moss Pharmacy, in Gleeson by B. A.
Taylor, in Warren by Warren Drug
company, in Pearce by B. A. Taylor,
and in Tombstone by Boya s Drug
store.
FIGHTING STRENGTH.
MOSCOW, Nov. 9 Russian papers
estimate the actual fighting strength
of the Ozecho-Slovak detachments
since they have recruited Cossacks
and other enemies of the Bolsheviki
government at from 200,000 to 500,000.
Commanders of the Russian red army
insist they have been greatly outnum
bered at the points where they have
been repulsed by the Czecho-Slovaks,
but papers in opposition to the Bol
sheviki government charge the Czecho
victories to the disorganization and
lack of discipline in the red army and
to the unwillingness of many of the
red soldiers to engage in what they
regard as a domestic struggle.
Entry, No. 026401, for Lots 6 & 7, S. Vs j
S. W. Vi. N. W. V4 S. W. Vi, Section 29,
Township 23 S., Range 24 E., G. & S. j
R. B. & Meridian, nas iuea notice oi
intention to make three year proof, to
establish claim to the land above de
scribed, before Jared D. Taylor, U. S.
Commisisoner, at Bisbee, Arizona, on
tho 12th day of November, 1918.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Carl Fuller, of Don Luis, Arizona.
Lloyd L. Stewart, of Don Luis, Ari
zona. Thomas J. Spaulding, of Bisbee, Ari
zona. Harry L. Greuard, of Lowell, Ari
zona. 944 JOHN L. IRVIN, Register.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
012722
Department of the Interior
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix. Ariz.
November 2. 1918.
Notice is hereby given that Albert
Gattrell, of Sunnyside, Arizona, who,
on December 30, 1910, made Home
stead Entry, No. 012722, for H. E. S.,
No. 203. !
A tract of land described by metes i
and bounds, as follows: Beginning at 1
Corner No. 1 from whence U. S. L. M. !
No. o00 H. E. S. bears N. 29 degs. 13' j
E. 62.09 chains. i
Thence S. 49 degs. IS' E. 6.99 chains!
to Cor. No. 2. I
Thence S. 25 dess. 43' W. 42 24 (
chains to Cor. No. 3. i
Thence S. 73 degs. 19' W. 17.0o
chains to Cor. No. 4.
Thence N. L'O degs. 58' E. 1-1.30 i
chains to Ccr. No. 5. I
Thence N. 35 degs. 21' E. 41.88 I
chains to Cor No. 1, the place of be
ginning, containing 5.1. "6 Acres in ap
proximate Sections 15 and 16 (unsur
veyed) Tp. 2:i -S.. R. 19-E.. of the G. &
i S. II. 15. A Meridian, Arizona, in tbe
Corotiaclo National Korest'has filed no
tice of intention to make five year
proof, to establish claim to the land
above described, before W. A. Fowler,
U. S. Commissioner, at -Tombstone,
Arizona, on the 11th day of Decem
ber. 1!1S
010 JOHN I, IRVIN. Register
First publication November I', 1'JIS."
Lajt publication December 8, 191S.
Claimant names as witnesses: if""-' COU 5
George W. Parker, of San Rafael.it -?-y AWKff j
Arizona. r (T ".('f.i '.v Orit.t
Lucy Ijingford. of Sunnyside, Ari- , Tji tl V; ' ' ' i 1'i 1 i r.nrD3 .
zona. t X' , . '.Ji "LA JU k-.n S
Lewis K. Mclntyre. of Parker Can- Sr&'i - j ZXztZi &
yon. Arizona. C WT, i t VfNt o M..
Gustavo J. Peterson, of SuiinvMble. f VI 1 I f ' ) I ' - r" C"'
. - " r V- r 4 ' . . - - i -a-w S J
LODGE NOTICES
Cards of every fraternal order in the Warren District; giving the essentia .
facts of each, their meeting nights, their officer and the place of gather
lng will be found under their respective headings in these columns.
BISBEE LODGE NO. 718. i
L. O. O. M.
Meeta every Friday
night, Moose HalL
Visiting brother cor
dially invited.
R. I. GLEASON,
Dictator
BISBEE LODGE NO.
10.
O. O. F.
meets every
Thursday
evening at Odd
Fellow?' Hall
Subwav street, at 7:30 o'clock. Visiting
brothers cerd:ally Invited to attend.
Hall phone 119.
G. A. PLUNKETT. N. O.
LESTER EUSTACE, Sec'v.
PYTHIAN SISTERS
Lily Temple No. 3 meets every 2nd
and fourth Tuesday evening of each
month at Odd Fellows HalL VlBiting
sisters are cordially invited.
MINNIE BLUM. M. E. C -
Fhone Black 851.
IDA GLAZE, M. of R. C.
Box 1475
FRATERNAL ORDER OF EAGLES
Bisbee Aerie
No. 175. F. O.
E., meets 1st
iT - I and 3a 1 ues-
, SL ' 3 1 J O k Wl
tCf Eagles' Hall.
r-w Vialtnra rnr-
df ally
wel-
come.
J. F. WILMOTH, Presdent
F. C. FENDERSON, Secretary.
C. I EDMUNDSON, Aerie Physician.
BROTHERHOOD OF AMERICA
YEOMAN
Richard I, Homestead 89b. meet sec
ond and fourth Tuesdays at Medigo
rich hall. Visitinft Archers are cor
dlally invited.
MRS. C. C. F1NLAYSON.
Foreman, P. O. Box 1526.
E. D. STINSON,
Correspondent, Box 1496.
WEEK ENDING NOVEMBER 16, 1918
Monday
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday
W. W. GIDLEY, W M.
B. T. W ATKINS. Sec'y, F. & A. M.
J. W. TOLAND, E. H. P.
C. F. PHILBROOK, T. L M.
F. E. BENNETT, E. C.
F. S. DAVENPORT. Secretary Chap
ter and Commandery.
W. R. BANKS, Secretary Council.
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION.
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
DREADN AUGHT
L. O. L. NO. 210.
meet Jn t O.
O. F. Hall first
and third
MONDAY at
7:30 p. m. .
Visiting broth
ers cordially
Invited to at-
tend.
T. SMTTHAN. W. M.
ROBERT FERGUS, Secretary
P. O. Eox 426. Bisbee.
MONEY TO LOAN
Watches, Diamonds, Jewelry, Etc.
Reliable House 19 Branch stores.
United Loan Jewelry Co.
BISBEE :: BREWERY GULCH
City Dye Works
Cleaning and Pressing
Phone 739
Opp. Y. W. C. A.
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Solicits Your
Patronage
PHONE 58
A Trial Solicited Prompt Delivery
Standard -Laundry
FOR "QUALITY AND SERVICE"
A. OWERS, Mgr., Bakerville
Phone 57
BISBEE TRANSFER,
STORAGE & COAL CO.
Warehouse & Office Opposite Depot
PHONES 640 and 50.
HENNESSY
Undertaking Parlors
PHONE 15. O K ST.
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS
Rath bone Lodge No. 1
Knignta oi ryuuma.
V - meets eacn luesaay
(except second) In Odd
'f Fellows' Hall at 1:3
V n m. Visitlnc brother
cordially invited.
E. WOOTON, C. U
E. McCALLUM. K. of R. S-
LODGE NO. 671
day of each month. Visiting brothers
Regular meeting first and third Frt
eordially invited to attend.
JAS. ALLISON. Exalted Ruler.
R. J. KELLY, Secretary-
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD
Lowell Camp No. 46 will meet every
second and fourth Tuesday at 7:30
p. m., Finnish Hall.
D. C. SAXBT. C. C.
O. B. THOMAS, Clerk.
All Woodmen invited.
OPOER OF EASTERN STAR
meets In Masonic Hall
Pearl Chapter, No. S, meet
in Masonic Hall second and
fourth Tuesday ot each
month at 7:30 p. m.
MRS. EMMA WOODS, W. M.
Phone 161, Box 43, Biibee
MRS. JESSIE BEVAX, SecT. P. O.
Box 2299. Chairman Relief Com
Phone 16L
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED
AMERICAN MECHANICS
Meets in L O. O. F.
Hall First and Third
Saturdays. Vlsitit
brothers welcome.
S. F. BENTON. Councillor.
F. M. WILLIAMS, Rec. Sec'jr.
FRATERNAL
BROTHERHOOD
T. F. B.
Bisbee Lodge No.
452 meets the 1st
and 3rd Mondays
of each month at
7:30 at Medigo
vlch Hall. Visit
ing members cordially invited.
B. F. MOSS, President
MRS. C. JS. FINOTTI, Treasurer.
Box 722. Tel. 236. Red.
HONORA MUNCH, Secretary.
Box 1621.
MODERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA
Bisbee Camp No. 13415.
Meets 1st Saturday
Uedlgovich HalL
tL U MOTZ. ConscL
3. F. MATHEWSON.
Clerk.
C H. HOGAN
Office Below
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
Phone 121
REAL ESTATE
RENTALS
FIRE INSURANCE
NOTARY
Phone 121
Office Below
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
C H. HOGAN
COLLINS &
BRETHERTON
We Specialize In
JEROME
AND
OATMAN
STOCKS
Jack Bdg.t Main Street
Phone 26 Box 1129
THE REVIEW
Job Department
will furrr.bh you an "!t:mate
on that job on short notice
H.
W.
13 THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1918.
SIX
.
. : J
T HAD
I
ST. f
UAH
Begin Your Xmas Buying
and Xmas Sending Now !
gHOPPIN'O early is a patriotic duty this season more than erer be
fore. And you must not only buy your Christmas gifts early, but
they should be SENT sometime iu November. Following are the re
quests of the government:
That rtiristmas shopping be done in November.
That Christmas' gifts be sent before December 5 to prevent the con
gestion usual at Christmas time.
That stores do not keep open any longer than usual before Christ
mas and that no extra help be employed.
We are trying to do cur patriotic duty and we ask'your co-operation
in this necessary measure. On Monday we will be splendidly read
with useful things for gifts toys' for the little folks Christmas cards
and gift dressings. etc. Every department in the store is ready to help
you to obey the requests of the government.
Trimmed Hats
Hats of distinctive smartness and unusual grace feat
uring combinations of beaver and velvet.
Just arrived, much wanted black plush tarns $3.50
Velvet hats, with ostrich trims.
Hats with colored facings.
Children's velvet hats at : $1-50
Felt hats 1 - - --.-$2.95
Electric Flashlights
All sizes and prices from $1.25 to $4.50 each. Also
.v rwrteriM. bulbs, etc. Our stock is very com
plete and is a useful and practical Christmas present; . ,. . . . ,
v irA.. - ,o ,k K Watches, in ereat variety and exquisite designs, including the latest creations tor
gooa ior uc - - .... . MILITARY MAN and the dainty wrist of the sweetheart and wife.
We Specialize in Safety Razors qwhy not a watch
Auto-Strop, Gillette and Everready safety razors re g- ; , FOR THAT CHRISTMAS " GIFT
ular as well as soldier kits. All prices, from $1 to $12.50
Our stock is still complete. COME IN AND GET OUR PRICES SEE OUR WINDOW DISPLAY
Time and again we have taken extreme piide in our policy of merchandising that con
sidered "OUR CUSTOMERS' INTERESTS ARE SECOND TO NONE."
But there is now a duty that must be met without delay. The "National Purpose" requires
us to modify this slogan and motive so that,
OUR CUSTOMERS' INTERESTS ARE SECOND TO NONE BUT
THE GOVERNMENTS"
For the period of the War take things as they are, relying on the honesty of
your merchant not to impose needless burdens. And bear in mind that any house that
expects to merit your patronage after the war will act now with a view towards preserving
.YOUR interests also.
HOWARD - WATCHES - ELGIN
the
It is to Your Advantage
to See Our Stock First!
JT is inevitable, sooner or later, you discover that it pays to trade
at this store. Naturally, we are anxious that you should discover
it at once, for the sooner you find this out, the better it will be for
you.
Now you must purchase things needed for Fall. There is appare to
buy Winter underwear and hosiery bedding and blankets; stoves
and ranges and dozens of smaller, but none the less important items.
Now, we do not ask you to BUY here not until you have satisfied
yourself that you are getting better value for your money than you
can get elsewhere all we ask is that you investigate our offerings.
We are confident of the result.
You'll find splendid assortments here you'll find qualities and styles
the best obtainable and prices that are acceptable to you. Let us
show you how well we can serve you.
Warm Slippers
for Men and Women
NIFTY IN DESIGN MODERATE IN PRICE.
We have most anything you might want in the felt
comfy house slippers; made of the best, "bought early."
Price saving and a complete stock. Fur top Juliets, col
ors, blue, gray, maroon, purple and brown. In the
Comfy Sole, moose leather bottoms, colors pink, blue,
gray, lavender, brown, black, old rose, maroon, purple,
also combination of colors. The price ranges from
$2.50 down to, the pair.. -r ,...$1.25
ONE SPECIAL BOOT FOR WOMEN'S WEAR of
gray kid vamp and quarters, gray cloth top, leather
Cuban heels, an $8.50 shoe for $5.95
1 08 pairs are all we have to dispose of, 2 Yi to 6J2. B. C.
and D, $5.95 until they are all gone. Better take ad- x
vantage of this, as no more grey shoes are to be manu
factured until our government takes off the color restric
tion. -tl
REMEMBER! SANTA CLAUS will make his Headquarters at this
Store, Starting FRIDA Y, NOVEMBER 29th. aKfl&gSgg gfr
STOVES AND
HEATERS
1
V Cr..
Sizes to suit your needs Priced &f"?'?-
1
$2.00 to $65.00 t
Get your Range now.
Our Electrical household equipment: v?A 7 (
Washers, Vacuums and Sewing
machines. -t!5JL'
JGet one of these on our E-Z-E
Payment plan.
V.7 . - -"'?'V7:r:XiZ
t.v-.;
J I'
Ready-to-Wear Dept.
Corsets to Fit All Figures
4
WARNER CORSETS in batiste, coutil and fancy brocades,' in pink
and white, fifteen different models. The topless athletic corset,
low and medium low bust, and short and long hip,, lace back models
ranging in price from $1.50 to $4.00.
THE RED FERN CORSETS-rin a large variety of models, for all
' figures, made of batiste, plain and striped coutil, beautiful brocades, in
pink and white, lace front and lace back, price $5.00 to $12.00.
MODART CORSETS lace front only. We carry these corsets in
different models; ach number especially designed for a different fig
ure, made of very fine materials; for comfort and durability, prices
from $6.00 to $12.00.
NEMO CORSETS These corsets designed for stout figures ; they
reshapes figures into fashionable lines, insuring at the same time,
perfect comfort; made of heavy white coutil, prices $4.50 to $7.50,
sizes to 36; larger sizes can be had by special order.
BRASSIERS AND BANDEAUX Astyle for every figure and a
price for every purse; without a brassier no corset can ever do full
1." . t', J nn..m c T a L9ira tVtom in a varitv nf ma-
terials, crepe de chine, satin, jersey silk, as well as the staple cotton Any one of the articles will make Cit ,rirATls:s a ..sttt.
fabrics, lace trimmed and plain, sizes to bust, oc 10 a siiC3io.i Ai-mo uu x.
Visit Our
FURNITURE
DEPT.
And avail yourself of the finest'
selection of
LIVING ROOM.
DINING ROOM
BED ROOM
and
KITCHEN FURNISHINGS
riO CULLS KERB!
. Chsse tlx chl"s out of the (
br.throo.rn r.-::h a Pcrfic
tion CXI Ilerter. Its
cheery f'armth will, be ap
rrerktc! by ts whole
f-.mi!y. I'lly rarrieJ
about. Used ir. C'JOUuO
Lorr.es.
Buy your Pc:-fcrion now.
Conw Li, at year conven
ience, ml ccc tii"au
AMGAIN BOOTH
SPECIALS
- i .....
DRESS PERCALE 1 yard wide, dark and medium blue colors, also
manv nice daidi. in various colors. Just the material for house
1 REMNANTS Come early and buy your remnants, is our suggestion.
'ir- . ... . i i i a a r-t
v You will imd just what you are looking tor; at a Dig saving. tJar-
gams in an Kinas or materials, look ror mem on ine oargain dooui
Monday. -
WOOL KNITTING YARN Bear brand, the kind that's known the
world over for its carefully selected grade of pure wool, which in
sures its strength, warm and lasting qualities. Absolutely the best
farn you can buy. No better can be made. Large $1.25 hank, gray
and khaki, bargain price, hank v , $1.00
GEORGETTE CREPE 40 inches wide, a very heavy grade that as
sures satisfactory wearing service. Black, white and all the popular
shades. Our regular $3.50 value, yd $1.85
CREPE DE CHINE 40 inches wide, a splendid value and a full line
of colors for selection. This is a heavy crepe de chine and really
worth $2.00 yd. Yard - $1.65
T"PT1HfSl FANCY SILKS This is a broken line, but you will find a bargain in
every piece, ine pauerns are an uiis season 9 siyic. iiic usucii saic
prices were up to $2.25 a yard. A bargain, per yard $1.25
Misses and Children's Dresses
WOMEN'S AND MISSES SUITS in all wool poplin, wool velours,
j broadcloth, dovetine, velevteen, velour cloths. Fisher Kennedy
in satin, crepe de chine, meteor, velveteen and wool jersey, trimmed tyfeeds jacjies regular sizes, to 44; stout sizes, to 48, price $29.50 tc
with touches of silk and wool embroidrd and silk frings, rgular sizs, 25 00.
16 to 44; stout sizes to 48 bust, price $16.50 to $100.00. ' . ,
SILK PETTICOATS in messalines, taffeta and jersey top, regular
Georgette Blouses in flesh, white, tan and navy, embroidered in s;zes $4.95.
beads and silk, all sizes ...$6.95 ' .
CHILDREN'S SERGE SKIRTS in navy, all wool serge, full plaited; Women's, Misses' and Children's
siz 6 to 14 yrar, 4 .95 Blanket Bath Robes
',PiaVLDR1f S WSW?A'!SSStZ3 lge assortment of colonngs.'Mies size, to 46, prices star, a.
AND SLIPOVERS all colors and combinations, in a variety ot new l
weaves and models, sizes in ladies to 46, prices starting at$7.95 to $35 f;0" to lbf " M
Misses sizes 12-14-16-18, in coats and slipovers, prices $3.50 to $15. Misses, O to l" years, j.oo to i.o.
Children's slipovers and coats, 2 to 1 0 years, $2.50 tt $7.95.
r
Children's; 2 to 6 years, $1.95 to $2.95.
A VOID THE RUSH
Early Christmas Shopping
is to YOUR advantage.
DY shopping now during your spare
moments you get the "cream" and
the "pick' of the largest, most beauti
ful, most useful and reasonably priced
line of Christmas goods in the district.
Help theWar Work
Make Idle Moments Count !
Buy Thrift Stamps
and Show Your Patriotism !