TT
TW O SECTIONS
Fourteen Pages
Associated Preis Special Leased Wire Service.
VOL.20. No. 294.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MAY 19, 1918.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Vl! Sd200. KILLED
Mil
LAST KITES FOR AMERICAN WHO DIED GAMELY IX FRANCE
mm
nil
Ugainst Officers CVDI ACIflM
TO
FINERS
ARE
ARRESTED
OPENS
RED
CROSS
LAI LU0IUI1
"3
IRISH-TEUTON PLOT
Swift Action Following Dis
covery of Conspiracy in
Ireland Results in Captures
Without Disorders.
LONDON". May IS. Five hundred
Sinn Feiners were an jsted at various
towns in Ii eland today, according to a
Dublin dispatch to the Evening News.
Nearly every Sinn Ftflner is undei
arrest today, following the sudden -eii-Mttionil
announcement last -svei ii
that a conspiracy with German agent.-:
had been discovered by the British u
thoriites. The eaxct numlwr in cus
tody Is not at present known, nor have
the details of the allep.-sd pint letn
made public.
The actcion by the authorities came
with a swiftness that spoke of thor
ough organizations. Reports from dif
ferent apitb of the island tell of whole
sale arrests of Sinn Fienars at virtu
ally the same hour. The rank and
file of the party was dumfounde-1 by
the actio.i of the government and the
fact that the most powerful leadois f
their organization had bw. seized in
spite )f their boast that the "small
fry" would be gathered 1r by the of
ficers in case of trounle.
Dillon Will Art
The attests are believed to be the
sequel of the arrest of a raa:i who was
recently landed on the Irish coast by
a German submarine, announcement
of which was made on Mry 9. It is
said that documents of erent impoit
ance were found on ats pmson.
Antony those arrested were th3 Sinn
Fein members of parliament, Profes
sor De Vaiera, president of the Sinn
Feinn. Arthur Griffith, vice-president
and William Cosgrave, on- of fae
party's Measurers; Countes Msrkie
vicz, pron.iennt in the Dublin riots of
1916; Dr. Thomas Dillon, a member of
the Sinn Fein executive coram'!'.;
Dr. Richard Hayes w ho has been prom
inent in tbe party s councils; ana
Thomas Hunter, Joseph
!rfVsith i
Patrick O'Keefe, J
Mcfirath Walter I
Scoles am! John McEntee. aH figured
in the ir.fh disorders of the last two
years. ?
The pcisons under arrest are in
charge of the military .lur'uorinc? who
have made no announcement to
hearings of the accused.
jonn L..m,u. ..u ut t . ...r,u
tionahsrs, has summoned a special
meeting of the Irish party to discuss j
the situation. ,
j
AMERICA MAY ACT
LONDON May 18. Signatures are i
being invited in Ireland to a -proposal j
that th-3 Irish quesUin be submitted j
for adjudication to a competent inter-;
national tribune, says a dispatch to !
the Times from Dublin. Such a trib
unal, adds the dispatch might consist I
for example of the United States and i
the neutral powers of Europe. !
TORNADO CAUSES
DEATH IN NELIGH,
NEBRASKA, REPORT
By Review Inwd Wire
NORFOLK. Neb.. May 18. A tor
nado is reported to have caused one '
or more deaths, destruction of oneiiurnea maicunenis agamBi u. i uip
church and several buildings at Ne-lof Bowie Ariz.; G. W. Strode, of Bis-
ligh, Nebr., tonight. ; bee; August Sand berg, of Douglas and
I Anton Uokota, of Bisbee, for violation
JUNE 5 FIXED AS i of the espionage act. Sandberg. a well
DATE TO REGISTER
FOR BOYS OVER 21
WASHINGTON, May 18. June
5 has been fixed as the date for
registration of youths who have
attained 21 years since the first
army draft registration June 5
last year.
CASTOR BEANS BLIGHTED
CUERO. Texas. May 18. A blight
which has attacked castor bean plants
in Hochheim and Cheapside communi
ties Is being investigated by B. T.
Wilaon. a government agricultural de
partment expert. The castor oil pro
vides the most perfect lubricant yet
developed for airplane motors and at
the request of the government a large
acreage was planted this year. The
blight, it is said, threatens to destroy
the crop.
EXPECT HUN THRUST S00N
WASHINGTON, May 18. With ev
- J .--. Htf v ' - - H. ... . DU...U- 1
tion of the German drive In France, of
ficials here feel that all that could
be dene to bring American aid to the
Allied armies has been done. They
await the outcome with the same su-
preme confidence that Germany's of-
fensive power finally will be repulsed
as do the French and Eritish lead
era.
American troops
shoulder with the
are shoulder to j
French and Brit-
ish in Picardy, while in Flanders Am-
erican units are training close be
hind the battle lines, ready to go in
immediately tr necessary. In both
places the number or Americans is be-
The committee on public information, which supplied this picture, furnished also the following descriptive
paragraph:
"Lieut. , Chaplain Infantry performing the last rite over the body of Private t Co. D,
Infantry from . First American soldier of Division killed in sector. This soldier was killed at a
listening: post by a German raiding party. He saw the Germans come out of the trench and after hurling two
band grenades in their midst, turned to warn his comrades, when he received the fatal bullet."
DUTCH PLAN STEP
WHICH MAY BRING
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, May 18 Announce-
nient from Amsterdam of the determ-
inatioh of the Dutch government to
;,dipatch three of its merchant ves3els
to the East Indies under convoy of
Dutch warships has aroused keen in
terest iu naval and diplomatic circles
he.e. It is believed this decision is
likely to bring about a situation that
would plunge Holland into the war.
International law. officials pointed
olIt today fully warrant8 the dispatch
, an armed co b a neutral sUle
on tne Mgh gea gto ,u own colonie3.
If a Qerman. naval commander at-
tempted to search, sink or make prize
of any convoyed vessels, the Dutch
cemmander would be obliged to defend
them forcibly and the first shot fired
wouid amount to s declaration or war,
in the opinion of officials here,
- '
BISBEE MEN HELD
ON ESPIONAGE ACT
TUCSON, Ariz., May IS. The Unit
ed States grand jury made its final re
port today, revealing that it had re-
( R1IU 'I t J.l I BI1U1 fltlk, ka 14 It VI 1 lUIIU
!iu,uu ana. nis arraignment is set ior
! May 25. tie was indicted on six
counts, including accusations that he
jultified the invasion of Belgium, the
kinking tf, the Lusitania. and aspers
sons o r.the president of the United
States.
BakVs is accused of having declared
that "tbe United States is fighting for
John D. Rockefeller and other capital
ists." Culp U accused of having spoken
slightingly of the third Liberty Loan
honor Tlig won by the town of Bowie,
Arizona.
Strode is charged ith having said
tbat th "president has sold the coun
try to th-J Cousin Jacks" and that "we
are going to war for the Cousin Jacks
end we r.rt- going to be put under the
rule of the Cousin Jacks." The term
Cousin J:ck is usied to designate Eng
lishmen. ing increased at a rate not hoped for,
Ulll. a itTOT I1IUI.I1.S EU OIIU IU UIC I "
Amerlcan sectors farther south the
lines are being strengthened and ex
tended daily.
With more than 500,000 men over
seas the United States forces are oc-
cunying their full share of the fight-
ing line. It mas learned officially Uk
day tbat the actual frontage held is
third in extent at this time, having
exceeded the length of the Belgian
sector when American troops came
into line with the French at Picardy
Officials here believe that the Ger :
man high command is so heavily com-'
mined to tbeh Tlcardy and Flanders ,
sectors in its offensive plans that no;
If AR WITH TEUTONS
- -2f, JULI a " ci
WAROFFICEfflmS DAILY
REPORTS
Bv Review Leased Wire)
BERLIN (via London). May 18. '
Great reconnoitering activity 'lions '
the western battle front has led to
violent hand-to-hand fighting, especial
ly in tbe district of Lassigny, accord-1
lng to the official statement issued
by the war office today, which sayj j
that on Friday, 16 allied airplanes audi
one captive baioon were shot down by
the Gsrmans. ,
The statement! reads:
"On the wesirn battle front weak; the war departrner jays yesterday's
artillery activii yesterday increased ;fioI,,j .... lV, . , , .
considerably before darkness set in.
A strong harassing fire continued
inr tht nii'ht Crpnt rintinniieri
activity led to violent hand-to-lianl
fighting, especially in the district oi!nn,. .--., .,, , ..,
Lassigny. On several occasions pris-.
oners were brought in.
Sixteen enemy airplanes and one
captive baioon w-?re shot down yester-,
day.
HAIG'S NIGHT REPORT
LONDON. May 18. Field Martial
Haig's report troni Uritish headquar-:
ters In France tonight says: - j
Successful raids in which we took!
a number of prisoners and two ma-J American aviators were waiting at
chine guns weer carried out this morn-1 OIle of t;lu , aviation fieldg f
ng In daylight In the Morlancourt sec-jthe commi.nding general of th Fre
r?n?erPS ffiwKV
a hostile post west of Morlancourt vil- j "ff Tf"
lage, and, taking the garrison by sur
prise, captured 21 prisoners and a
machine gun without incurring any
casualties.
-"The hostile artillery was somewhat
nioreactive this morning in the Vilk-is-Bretonneux
sector."
. LATINS VICTORIOUS
ROME. May 18. A third attempt
by the Austrians to recapture Monte
Corno has failed, according to the offi
cial communication from general head
quarters today.
"Two columns with machine guns
and flame projectors, strongly sup
ported by artillery." says the state
ment, "attacked Monte Corno. They
were compelled to retire in ronfusio:..
We captured two flame projectors and
firmly held our positions."
NO ONE KILLED
(Hy Review Wire!
wind storm, accompanied by rain and
sloet. ripped its way through Woon
socket, S. D., about 20 miles north of
here earl ytonight, leveling a number
of residences and other bulidnigs.' Re
ports received here tonight indicated
that none was killed or injured. The
storm entered the town from the
southwest and swept a narrow path, j
No other details of damage wrought
by the storm had been received to
night. serious effort elsewhere along the
11 VJ 1 1 I 1 Ill ! . . . . I . . . V ....
appears certain that when the new
blow Is struck, Americans will share
'in Increasing numbers rrom month to
month in the German defeat.
There appears to be little doubt now
that the American forces abroad will
pass the million mark by mid summer.
although
crucial statements were
The rate at which troops
lacking.
are being sent overseas Is rising from
week to week. Figures msy not he
publi?hed under the rules of volun-
tary censorship, but Secretary Ba-
ker's statement that 500.000 had been
dispatched Is regarded as already out
of date.
tUi'iinUlllliUL U1VL0
CREDIT TO FLIERS
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON.' May 18. An of
ficial American communique from Gen
eral Pershing made public tonight by
, s ..um
diir-!llinited J' reconnaissances and inter-
! mitten. 1 v active nrtll'.rv firing rn -
rxeaserl HPriMl artiviiv " r,i,r.,-.o.i
, . .
The communique follows:
action A Today fighting was lim -
" " leconnaisances ana intermit-
tent active artillery rire. Thera was
jincreasel aerial activity north or Toul ,
! and in Lorraine. 1
! e( i on u 1 unner details concern-
'B"ig uown oi nostue pianen
reported May to aim lb are as follows:
Down Tti.lt on Pliers
tain David Mack Peterson, Lieutenant
James A. Meissner. Lieutenant Ed-
ward v. Kickenbacker and Second
Lieutenant Charles E. Chapman.
Of these. Captain Hall was lost and
Lieutenant Chapmen killed in combat
over the enemy territory. All or these
pilots nave shot down enemy aircraft
as well as performed other gallant
acts. While waiting for the ceremony
to commence Captain Teterson made !
an ascent and brought down two hos-
tile plaje. as previously imported. The
ioiiowintr particulars are now added:
l ne plunes were sighted by Captain the real quality of our power not only, j
Peterson, flying at 4000 meters in i but the real quality of our purpose'
single Ille toward ovr lines. Captain Jand of ourselves. (
Peterson swung in behind, thum at i "And we are not to be diverted from
5200 meters and attacked' the rear j the grim purpose of winning the war!
plane, riring 50 rounds. The hostile ' by insincere approaches upon the sub-1
plane love vertically 500 meters andlject of peace. I can say with a clear j
broke intc flames and fell. Cantain i consclenec thta I have tested these;
Peterson was meanwhile attacked by
a second plane from the front. He
again attacked from above, firing 75
rounds. The hostile plane threw out
a cloud oi smake and attempted a
sharp turn but slipped. The wings
foldefl up and one fell oft as the
plar. fell Both planes were brought
uown aoout eight kilometers behind
v. i i
hit uuauic jiiunes.
Destroy aBiloon
"After the hostile planes were
broirght down the ceremony proceeded
before a guard or honor composed or
one infantry company, one French in
fantry company and a band. Planes
or the local aviation group lined up
on the field. The decorations were
conferred in the presence of the
French army corps commander, Amer
ican army corps commander and other
.commanding officers of th
e French
and American units and their staffs.
Continuous patrols kept in the air dur
ing the ceremony and an exhivition
flight was given at the end by the aero
squadron to which officers decorated
belonged.
"On May 13 Captain Marr attackel
a hostile biplane flying at 2000 meteis i
nenind the lines of tbe enemy. Ha
tired v rounds and the hostile pi-ne
fell in flnmes.
' "On tht same
date
Lieutnnait !
Chambe s attacked n enemy observa
tion balloon, firing forty rounds. A
large cloud of blafk. smoke was ob-
(Contlnued on rnjje Six)
t FOR F
jExecutive Makes Appeal to;
. n I. ' t
American reopie to oive
Aid to Worthy Cause in
New York Speech.
i NEW YORK, May 18. Opening
with a speech here tonight the Red
'Cross lrive for a second 10U,'io0.i')
' v.ar fund President Wilson announced )
the purpose of the United States to
linn . ,
!set no limits on its efforts to win the
. war.
! ' I have heard gentlemen recently
!say" he said, "that we must get five!
j million men ready. hy limit 11 to
! fice millioi- I have asked of congress
!to name t o limit, because congress In
j tends. I am sure us we all intend, that
i everv ship that can carry men or sup-
ipnes i .n,..,H
rwiin i-ry mau ..... c.r -
I fiin mrrv.
i The I i.il3d States, the president de-J
DRIV
IDS
iciarea win ui " " ; to make clear that the agreements ; ro kea. and with a roar that wss
I purpose of winning the war by "-,v,.as 0lIv for the perio(j of tne wnr , beard for miles, the long factory build
1 sincere t j proaches on the subject f ! , nil wah solely for protective purpoej. Ings weer hurled high Into the air.
'peace. i a joint defensive to counteract Ger-1 carrying with them ponderous equip-
I Says Huns Insincere n , man aggression In Siberia is knowa nient and scores of men. A grest
"1 can say with a clear conscience," j to he contemplated, but information j cloud of dust and smoke settled over
ih-i said, 'that 1 have tested those i- j v. as lacking as to whether this would 'the scene and through its deadly
jtentions and hsve found them insin-; involve a movement in force into si-iftimes torn and mangled forms
cere. I now recognize them for what
I they are, an opportunity to have a free
'hand, j.artlcularly in the east to carry
!out purposes of conquest and exploita-
tion. Every proposal with fegard !o
i accommodation in the west involves a
reservation in regard to the east. I in
tend to fctand by Russia as well as
France.'"
i German rulers" the president de
jclared ate mistaken, if they think the
I United States will sacrifice anybody
(or Its own sake.
The war the president declared, is
a war to save the world. The conflict
Tha
he said, will knit the world together.
Dwellin.: on the duty of Americans to
give :he hed Cross the president de
clared o ninan could afford to make
money oiu oi me war.
No Liir.it on Effort
To, win the'war rhe. United States'
is determined to sr?t no restrictions on J'
the war
the l;u,ier of me,i to be sent to
Fiance, President Wilson declared
flif.ro 'm.lphl tn a sneech reaffirming
! the nurrosw or America to set no lim-
it on Us effort.
As nany men will go overseas as
....... r,-
Uhinu fn.. ho fn..n,l tn rirr thof the
1 ,aid aftpr referring to a
i 8tateme:.t that has been made thai 5-
j l)OU OO), lu,uUl go.
The United States, he said will not
Uttm ., Teutonic powers. Their pro-
!, hr dPCiared. spring from a de-i
sire t0 hsuc a free hand in the east.
"I intend to stand by Russia as well
as France' he said.
The resident's speech follows:
"Mr Chairman and fellow country
men: "I should be very sorry to thing that
Mr. Davidson In any degree cyrtailed
his exceedingly interesting speech for
fear lint he was postponing mine, be
cause I am sure you listened with the
saiae intimate intent with which I
listened to the extraordinarily vivid
accou it lie gave of the things which he
had roalized because he had come in
contact villi them on the other side
cr te voters.
"There are two duties with which
we are face to face. The first duty Is
to win the war. And the second duty
that goes hand in hand with it is to
win it greatly and worthily, showing
inttuiattons and have found them in-1
sincere. I now recognize them f,or
what they are. an opportunity to have
a free nana, particularly in the east
to carry out purposes of conquest and
exploitation.
"Every proposal with regard to ac
commodation in the west involves a
reservation ith regard to the east, j
Now. so far as I am concerned. I in- i
tend to stand by Russia as well as
France."
A voice from the audience inter
rupted with:
"God bless you."
"The helpless and the friendless are
the very ones that need friends and
succor; and if any man in Germany
thinks we aer going to sacrifice any.
body for our own sake. I tell them
now they are mistaken.
Knits Nation Together
"Have you farmed a picture in yonr
imagination of what this war is doin:
lor us and for the world? In my own i
mind I am convinced that not a hun-i
dred years or peace could have kintted j
this nation together as this single year
of war has knitted the world together.
f nnh at the nirlurp In the renter
0f the scene, four nstfous engaged
jacainsf the world, and at every point
of vantase showing that they
are
; seeking selfish aggregsndizement. and.
against thoni 23 governments repr-
sent ing tbe sreater of the population
of the world drawn together into a
new s'n'e of community of inteers..
(Cmtlmked on r.iic S1x
I fPr Rvli tnn! WIt1
MOSCOW, Wednesday, May 13.
I Mutiny is reported among Ger
' man regiments at Wesenliurg.
j ICslhonia. Several officers have
linen Kiuea, u is saiu.
The tlerman high command im
mediately dispatched trustworthy
troops to Wesenbtirg and arrested
about 200 of the mutineers. Ten
of them were condemned to
to death.
Another mutiny occurred in a
German regiment at Dvinsk. which
was supported by prisoners who
had returned from the interior of
Russia.
CHINA AND JAPAN
WILL PROTECT ALL
, t , , , i -, l I . .
EA5TERN 1NTERE-5TS
(By Review J.r..p,1 wir)
WSHIXGTOX. May IS. Infornia-
t'op renchel th? state de; iM iient tc
day of the conclusion of an agreement
between ,'apan and Cliino for the pro -
tMlo of tnelr common iutcreit8 )n.its
the fur east against German aggres-
' sion. Although giving few details the
"i reports to the department were said!'1"0 tomes, the parth heaved ,nd
j beria by Japanese and Chinese troops.
As to the necessity for such action oiners to nifet tneir ena in tne naming
the state department is not informed, , debris.
but it is assumed that because of their j Blown Half Mile
pioximity to Siberia, Japan and China. Tne nlimDer of dead nad ot been
with a much keener inteerst In that determined tonight and it is possible
country than ar-y other powers, douN- tbat h may not 5e known for days. ,f
less were in tetter position to know lndeed it ever be known Sta,,
the extent of German influence there jand county authorities agreed tha it
and the necessity for curbing it bywould reacn 2(K).
military force. j jany of tne injured, some or whom
Regarding the agreement as of a were rcund nalr , n,ile from ,he ny.
purely defensive nature, the state de-' nt 0. ,he factory. werf brought
i Partment aoes not oeneve oiretu,
, coucerns tne L iuiea Kiaies ami t - o.iso -
quentiy it involves no change in tht ; badly hurt that in only a comparative
policy of the department in the treat-; iy few case8 were physicians able to
nient of the far eastern question. n;j,d out anv hope for thPir recovry.
, cr., ntrnci
! jtlUViMll OULISLCIVO
BREAD RATION IS
I FC TNPF HR1VF 1
LX3 Jlll LSfl V U,
(By Review Lp:ih1 Wirei
i W I i H i M r.lKl 1 1 rl AaAl X 1A
iFRANCE. May 18 ( liy The ' Associated
Press). The German
soldiers have
' been put on reduced
bread ration.
,i..j tk.. Ik.
1 pi..""u "i '";u""
"ft. "esan Jiarcn :i ou a ora.
j luem '"lo a ""' '"'s uU... .
quantities of food.
The meagre spoils of the first drive, j
however, were speedily exhausted and;
.in., iu. ih. hi v. j , ,,'
sist on wha t rations that could he ,rarks of the Pittsburg. Cincinnati,
brought through the P.rittish barrage. I Chicago and St. Louis, railroad tThe
On the whole they have not been : Panhandle nmte) were blocked by the
starved but there is great discontent.:'' "" ildmss. An employe hastened
t), fn.. ,n imnrnvo ti.-irlto Carnegie, four miles distant wluve
food.
AMERICAN FLIERS
DOWN TWO TEUTON
fLAINtO riLAK 1 (JUL.
Bv Rview si -wir '
WITH THE AMERICAN ARMY IN
FRANCE. May 18 (By the Associated
Press). American aviators nort of
Toul shot down two German airplanes
today in a series of engagements high
in tlie air. Captain Iavid Peterson of
Honesdale. Pa., smelt down another
enemy biplane yesterday.
; cnM rwmrw "
TYllJWtl ivy
ON COPPER PKICL
DURING THIS WEEK
WASHINGTON. May IS. Zinc
prices effective for three months
were Hxed today by the war in
dustries board and submitted to
President Wilson lot approval.
New prices on aluminum, copper
and nickel will be taken up next
week.
AMERICANS REPULSE ATTACK
I WITH THE AMERICAN ARMY
IN FRANCE. May 18. The Ger
mans attempted a vigorous silent
raid on one of the American com
bat groups, within a strong point
In the Luneville sector this morn
ing, but were badly beaten.
The raid was a complete fail
ure and cost the enemy consider
able losses. None of the Ameri
cans is missing. The fight was
TO START AIRCRAFT INQUIRY
Py Review L'asod Wire!
WASHINGTON. May 18 Plans
for the department of justice in
vestigation into airplane produc
tion were made today by Charles
E. Hughes, who is to have charge,
in conference with Attorney Gen
eral Gregory. Secretary Baker.
Senator Chamberlain, chairman of
the seuate military committee.
Brigadier General Charles Me
Saltsman. assistant chief of the
signal corps. Major D. C. Beatty of
I
MUNITION PLAN
I
I
' Many Workers Are Burned to
Death After Being Blown
i
Into Air; Property Loss
Estimated at $1,500,000.
(By Review I.oasl Wire)
riTTSBURG. Pa., May; IS. Prob
ably I'Oil men were killed 'todav when
' an "pinion or t. x. t. demoiish.Ni
i l'1P P,ant of the Aetna chemical comi-
! pany at Oakda!e on the Panbandln
I division of tiie Pennsylvania railroad.
I I6 miles from here.
Fi e hundred workmen were startled
! at noon by a report, not much louder
' "''h 'he crack of a pistol. It rame
Hrom the soda house, but they kner
ileauiy import, and tuey rusn.'-t
lor the nearest exit. Before they could
gain the open tbe air seemed to burst
I dropped to the earth, many dead, but
j to putsburg hospitals by special trains
; an() alnhulan. es all of them so
! ,pr. '
The
loss was estimated at
( i.auu.uuu.
Immediately after the second explo
sion the mass of broken beams and
twisted timbers broke out in a greut
bu vbiic h.ghly ,uflaniubu,
chemicals used In the manufacture of
T. N. T. and T. N. A. added fuel to
the flames. Blast after blast followed
as the heat reached the tanks, ea-"h
one scattering tbe burning embers and
enqansering property in the entire
' mmmimitv
Noxious gases spread
.
over the valley and surrounding hills.
, makin?f pcrious th worko f rosCue.
Buildings Block Tracks
Tciepiione and telegraph wires e.'i
D me t-xpiosiou anti me
wreck and relief trains were made up
and hurried to Oakdale. while every
; hospital in Pittsburg sent ambulance
with nurses and doctors. Company
! guards, under the direction of state
t onnu.ihnlapv a.irrnlinitpH tho hni.nln'
ruins, and were later reinforced by
deputy sheriffs and deputy coroners.
j For a time it seemed as if it would
be impossible to reach the woundet
j because of the heat, the constantly
'widening zone of gases and the danger
I from explosions. But the nurses and
doctors, aided by the officers, made
the! rway as best they could.
! One young nurse.- SIiss Meryl Ascli-
i elman of New Haven, a member or
tlie Ktafr of St. John's hospital. Pitts-
hurg. who was among the first to
i answer the call for help, was perhps
Ifataly injured
She was acting as a
stretcher bearer, carrying a wounded
man to the ambulance when in one
of the explosions she was thrown to
' the ground and the natient on th.
; stretcher was killed. One of her le
1 was blown off.
Burned by Acids
Other rescuers were caught near a
1 little stream into which acid and oil
, had poured. It exploded as the.'
(Continued on Page Six)
carried on with hand grenades,
rifles and revolvers and it was
virtually hand-to-hand. The Ger
mans beat a hasty retreat after
ten minutes, carrying virtually all
their dead and wounded with
them. One dead German, however
was left behind.
The scene of the encounter was
about a mile and a half south
west or Bremen!!.
the signal corps, and Wm. L.
Frierson, assistant attorney gen
eral. It was reported that Senator
Chamberlain might withdraw Ms
pending resolution providing for a
senate aircraft investigation. He
did not confirms this, however.
The attorney general asked Mr.
Hughes to do his utmost to devel
op whether any commercial liabil
ity is involved in tbe conduct of
any persons connected with air
plane production. TWO
THE tJISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MAY 19, 1918.
Monday Will Usher in Our Semi -Annual
MUSUN
RWEAR
;FOR WOMEN, MISSES AND CHILDREN
wmm A TIMELY BARGAIN EVENT WHICH SHOULD
A PFEA L 1 U E VEX Y WOMAN
WHITE
SALE
OF
The matter of a woman's lingerie lies be
tween herself and her conscience. There is
but one set standard daintiness and it
must be undeviatingly followed. Under
wear may be of the rarest lace and precious
material, or it may be of the simplest fabric,
but in any case the seams and handwork
must be of the finest.
LOT No. 1
Fine Muslin Drawers and Corset Covers 35c
Women's fine muslin drawers and corset covers, lace and embroidery trimmed, ex
ceptionally good values, many models to select from in all wanted sizes, specially priced
at 35c.
t. i v
LOT No. 3
Envelope Chemese Gowns,
Drawers and
Corset Covers
LOT No. 6
Gowns, Petticoats
Envelope Chemese
$2.50
Tlie best of Hue nainsook is em
ployed in the making of these pret
ty garments. The trimmings are
unusually pretty. The petticoats
have deep flounces of the best of
lace, embroidery and dainty rib
bons and fine tucks, the gowns are
of both styles, slipover or higii
neck and long sleeves, dainty tucks,
fine lace and sheer embroidery
render these models appealing in
deed. The envelope chemise are
equally interesting, full and roomy,
neatly trimmed, all wanted sizes.
Dainty Undermuslins for the Children
No one is better posted as to die great need and special importance of an ample sup-,
ply of summer underwear for the ctiildren, than the mother. Mothers' will do well to
come in and let us supply the children's needs now.
Children's Drawers 19c Gowns and Petticoats 35c
$1.00
In a big variety of pretty models made of
a good grade of muslin, attractive trimmings
of fine lace and embroidery. The gowns are
of the sliDover stvle. The Petticoats have
Ufr( l luuutca ui laic e" v - j .
Some have five tucks and lace trimming combinations. AU sizes; ex
ceptional vaiues onerea at i.vu.
LOT No. 4
Petticoats, Gowns
or Chemese
$1.29
Tbe trimmings are especially at
tractive, being of 'fine sheer lace
and the better embroidery. The
gowns are slip-over style. There
are others with high - necks and
long sleeves; the yokes are made
attractive with dainty lace and
embroidery and fine tucks.
The chimese and corset covers
offer a wonderrul . range of pretty
models beautifully trimmed, all at
the special price of J 1.29.
mm
Made of a good grade of muslin, tucked and hem
stitched, lace and embroidery trimmed, in all wanted
sizes. 2 to 12 years of age.
Prettv embroidery trimmed gowns, slipover style.
the petticoats are long waist style, with fine tucks,
lace and embroidery, sizes 2 to 6 years.
Gowns and
Petticoats 75c
These are made of a good grade
of muslin, gowns slipover style,
dainty trimmings of fine embroid
ery edging. Long waist, French
style petticoats, sizes 2 to 8 years,
dainty trimmings.
Gowns and
Petticoats $1.00
Made of a fine quality of nain
sook; daintily trimmed with sheer
lace and embroidery, sizes 2 to 16
yrs. The gowns are of .the slipover
style.
Princess Slips
Gowns, Petticoats
$150
Vk lU'F 'I II
These are exceptional values,
made of fine nainsook. Pretty
trimmings of lace and embroidery;
all wanted sizes 2 to 16 years; a
good assortment for your selection.
V.J 7 .
v-t ft
!b :
'A
J: Vl
La
A5
V
8
j
White Sale Specials
Staunch Savings on Washable Summer Fabrics
35c
R0?
Corsets Special
$1.29
Royal Worcester corsets, made
of plain white batiste, with medium
bust and long skirt, all sizes 20 to
30, buck lace only. A real good
corset for any average figure.
$1
FANCY WHITE
MADRAS, YD.
This madras is SB inches wide, worth regularly 65c
the yard. There are all sizes of self stripes, cords and
satin finishes, very desirable for women's waists, dress
es, men's shirts or boys' waists.
36-In. Silk and
Wool Poplin
$1
.69
TURKISH BATH
TOWELS . . .
It is just this kind of finished handwork
you will observe in this wonderful collection
of snowy white undermuslins, which is the
finished product of master craftsmen. Com
ing now just at the beginning of the summer
months, this sale should be welcomed indeed
by every woman who knows good values.
LOT No. 2
Women's Fine Muslin Undergarments . 75c
This is a specially selected assortment consisting of gowns, petticoats, drawers,
chimese and corset covers, in all wanted sizes, made of a fine quality of muslin, daintily
trimmed with fine lace and sheer embroideries, specially reduced to sell at 75c.
LOT No. 7 r
Gowns, Petticoats
Envelope Chemese
$3.00
In this assortment you will soe
exquisite models in the above
named garments, made of the fin
est nainsook, with the daintiest
lace and embroidery trimming;
some hand embroidered. This is
well worthy of your most
indeed an attractive showing,
careful attention. Whatever gar
ment you may choose you will find
all wanted sizes, and rest assured
the quality is the best that may be
liad, price considered.
Women's Lingerie Waists Special, 98c
Women's lingerie waists, made of plain and fancy stripes voiles, in all the new
models, pretty tailored high neck styles, oth ers with the large attractive sailor collars and
still others with the new roll collar and tie. They all have long sleeves. The trim
mings of sheer embroidery and fine lace are especially attractive. There are all desir
able sizes 34 to 46. Supply your needs for the summer now at this absurdly low price.
Attractive Waist Values at $1.49
These waists are especially reduced in price for this sale. They are made of a very fine sheer quality of
voile and batiste, in plain and fancy stripes; some are tailored, others are finished with pretty collars and
jabots, neatly trimmed wth fine lace and sheer embroidery; they all have long sleeves. There are all wanted
sizes 34 to 46. If you need a waist, here is your opportunity to procure an unusual value and stylish model
at a very low price.
White Sale Specials
Many Summer Needfuls Reduced in Price
49c
. 4 LOT No. 5
Envelope Chemese
..v Petticoats, Gowns
and Corset Covers
.79
Thtfce garments are made of a fine grade
of nainsook. The trimmings are of fine
lace and embroidery, embracing almost an
endless variety of pretty models. The
gowns are slipover style. The petticoats
are elaborately trimmed with Oeep flounces of fine lace, embroidery
and dainty tucks.
This white silk and wool popliu. being of a heavy
weave, is especially suited to the making of women's
suits, dresses and skirts. It wears well and is especial
ly popular just now.
46x23 inch blcaclied heavy Turkish bath towels, self
border, beautiful finish, with a boft knap, wonderful ab
sorbers, worth regularly 75c, specially reduced to sell
at 49c.
Women's Neckwear CQ.
Vol's to $2.50, Special
A larj;e and varied assortment of women's stylish
norkwear in all the new models', jpwiis, organdy, lace,
satin, poplin etc. Koll collars Buster Brown, sailor, and
many otiier styles; also collar and cuff sets.
40-INCH VOILE
SPECIAL YD.
35
c
RoseMaidNainsook
. 10 Yards for
ook j3
.98 ' White Boot Silk
Hose, 3 Pairs for
$1.00
9c
This is a regular 50r ijuality. made from fine sea
island cotton, has a fiuii.li almost equal to that of Georg
ette; esKcidlly adaptable for the making of Waists,
dresses, etc.
TJiis nainsook is 40 inches wide, and comes 10 yards
to the liolt. is well worth 45c per yard. The weaves are
assorted checks and fine self stripes. The best nain
sook made; beautiful finish.
These "m;se have a 14 inch silk boot, high spliced dou
ble heel, double sole and toe; there are all WHiited sizes
8',. tot 10, a value most unusual, three pairs for $1 00.
2 to 9-Inch
Embroidery, Special
One lii lot of embroidery edgings and insertions, in a
lurfiu ami varied assortment of attractive patterns,
ringing in width from - to 9 incites. Monday special,
pir yard. Ue.
36-In. White Wash
Satin, Yard . . .
I'cautiful white wash satin, very popular for women's
skirts, waists and underwear. It washes beautilully,
arid ir, an unusual value; on special sale Monday at.
per yard, J1.3D. ,
Women's and Children's
, Parasols, HALF-PRICE
I'.ig assortment for women, misses and children; solid
(olors. stripes, diesden and sport figures. Materials
arc silk, satins, pongee, poplin, linen, etc.
(j 1 .39 Shyna Nainsook
pl 10 Yards for
Q.49 Val and Torchon
ipO Lace, Special Yd.
5.
36 to 42-Inch'
Curtain Scrim
29c
This also comes 10 yards to the bolt, is 40 inches
wide, made from the best sea island cotton, and has a
silk finish, especially suitable for L'nderwear, and is
worth much more than we are asking.
WOMEN'S DAGS, PURSES AND
KNITTING DAGS
EXTRA SPECIAL
Women's purses and bags of all the wanted leathers,
in small and lursc shapes knitting bags in a good as
scitnieiit of popular styles, sizes and materials.
$1.98
One big lot of Val and torchon lace and insertions,
ranging in widths to 3 inches, regular value ranuint;
tc 10c the yard; Monday special, choice, per yard, 5c.
SILK SKIRTING SPECIAL
EXTRA VALUE (T J 7 Q
PER YARD ... D. LJ
Pure dyed silk in a big variety of popular stripes ol
fdft colors, ail wanted shades, white grounds, witii
stripes of blue, purple, lavender, green, old rose, maize,
gold, etc.
Big lot of curtain scrims. 36 to 42 inches vide, plain,
dotted and bordered patterns, In swiss. voiles, elimincs
and scrim. You can easily affucd new curtains at this
price.
SILK TRICOT I NE, 40-INCH
EXTRA SPECIAL
A YARD . . . .
Very desirable for suits, dresses and skirts. loxks like
jersey, but wears better. Fast colors of old rose, white,
Jotfre blue, French gray and saint.
WIDE
$1.69
VI
MA Y 20th TO 25th M?Vli
Your Bit, But
DO YOUR FULL DUTY-Give Until it Hurts.
We Are Authorized Bisbee Agents for
STANDARD PATTERNS
We Are Agents for Royal Society
Package Goods and Threads THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MAY 19, 1918.
THREE
Pioneer
To Jim
Pays
Kirk
Of Southwest, Now Dead
A tribute by Archie Kelly to Jim ! know where Walter Is at, hut I hope
Kirk, pioneer of the southwest and . that he Is still among us. Of our
resident of this district for many crowd of 16 men, Geronimo killed
years, has been received by the Re- eleven, eleven of as good and true
view from Mr. Kelly, who Is now a j boys as ever pulled a trigger and I am
resident of Garces. Cochise county, the only one left of the 16 dare
but who had known Kirk for many J deaths that were in the Basacliuca
years, and who was reared practically and Oso Negro country in the good
with the builder or the southwest old days when we were all young and
who AcA in hi California home last life was sweet Of all Of our crowd
week. Mr. Kelly's letter of tribute
and history, follows:
Garces, Arizona. May 14. 1918.
Editor of the Fisbee Daily Review,
Bisbee, Arizona.
Dear Sir: -
I have just read In your Issue of the
11th Inst, the death of Jim Kirk, my
foster father, for Jim Kirk practically
raised me. On April 1st, 18S5. the late
Pave Cboat and myself ypked a bull
team each on the west side of the
river opposite of what is now called
Hereford, and started to Basachuca
below Bacoachi in Sonora, with sup
plies for the nynes of Jim Kirk and
Bill Greene. There were no roads in
that country at that time and our
wTbtlmTe htf tod
liver the oods. Dave Choat. father
If ;L i,xt5. i.im, rht not
stay with us but a short time, but 1
stayed with Jim Kirk for over four
teen years, and I was with him during
the Apache war in that country and
helped him to care for his late broth'
L
er. Gene, when the Apaches wounded
j , m n i
mm ana Ki.iea m cuuapamuu. v-u.,-
Reese, just aDove ua veniura rancn
M. M. Sherman of Kansas. Later at i
were woun-fled in the great battle of
August 9th in 18S9, when the Apaches
trapped Mr. Kirk and five others in
what we Americans called Canyon
del Diablo near Cerro del Nido, four
miles south of the Oso Negro mine.
That was a tough day for the boys,
and had I found my horse in time it
is doubtful if 1 would be writing this
letter, for of the six men in batlle,
John Thompson. Tim O'Brien and
Press Hatcher were killed at the
first volley" that the Indians fired, and
Floyd McMahon and John Ofer were
put hors de combat. Floyd was shot
through the knee and Ofer, big Jaek,
as we lovingly called him, was shot
through both arms. leaving Jim to
fight single handed 16 of Geronimo's
braves and take care of the wounded.
Jim used his hat for a water bucket
and carried water to Floyd in a hail
cf lead that the Indians poured at him
from the hillside. i
I knew all of the Kirk brothers ex-
cept Leverett. Mortimer died it Bas-
achuca and is buried there, Charlie
died in Kansas, and Eugene, and Har-
ry both died in Cananea, and I do not
MAYER VISITOR IN
DISTRICT, PRAISES
MIMtv lit VAuADA!
iruriUvj ui mini mi f
F. W. Bower, a well-known mining
operator of the Mayer, Arizona, dis
trict, is in Bisbee for a fcw days on
mining business. He is a thorough
booster for that part of the mining in
terests of the state.
"We have
a great deal of Bisbee
capital interested in our Mayer sec
tion," said Mr. Bower. "Of first im
portance are the Interests of the
Phelps Dodge company which owns
four mines, the Commercial Senator i
Boggs and the Hackberry. The first
two nanvad are steady producers of
smelting ore. The Boggs and Hack
berry mines are within three miles of
Mayer and it is hoped that they too
will nom become shippers again. Both
of these mines were, largos producers
from tea. to twenty years ago and it
is known that there are large bodies
of high? grade ore left ln the old work
ings of each. The Phelps Dodg com
pany has just recently had one of its
field men over the Mayer district get
ting new data on what might be ex
pected were the two old min3s to be
re-opened.
The most Important strike of cop
per ore made in the Mayer district
for a long time occurred about two
weeks ago on the Arizona Copper com
pany's property which adjoins the
Hackberry mine on the north. At the
depth of 500 feet, a lense of ore nine
feet wide was cut which can all go
to th-a smelter. This new striker is
on the fame strike as the Boggs and
Hackberry mine. It naturally makes
the owners of these two old proper
ties th'nk more of them for future
vork.
Mr. Bower states that a good many
of the best known mining engineers
of the country are coming into the
Mayer sectcion to look over the devel
oped properties of which there are
now a dozen or more. The formation
is termed "Yavapai Schist" by the gov
ernment geological survey. Until very
recently, it has been practically an un
known i.uantity for depth. But the
Blue Bell mine has a shaft down to
the 1.299-foot level now and the devel
opment at that level has determined
that the rre bodies extend that deep at
least and the values are higher in cop
per, gold and silver.
"The character of our ore is for the
most part a chalcopyrite copper which
is very crr.enable to the old flotation
process," said Mr. Power. "This pro
cess make: it possible to handle the
low grarif? ores of the district at a
good profit and the smelting class has
an ou'.b't at the Humboldt smelter
which is in the center of the district.
The entire section is biased with
good transportation facilities, plenty
of water and an excellent clmate.
"Throe well-known mine leasers of
Tribute,
Builder
Bill Greene was the only one
that killed an Apache. That happen
ed In Canudancha on the Sonora riv
er when the Indians killed George
Watson. Bill Greene was the best
and quickest Winchester shot that I
ever saw. He wouldn't shoot at a
deer until it was on the run and al
ways got the deer. I can write many
thrilling experiences that we had in
Sonora in 18S5-8G-87, and I intend to
write up a lot of the bad scrapes that
we went through in that country and
have them published so that the ten
derfeet that are in there now kicking
at bad conditions -can see what bad
conditions really are and stop their
kicking. My foster father, Jim Kirk,
i was one man in a million, under the
: st trying and dangerous .ircum
slances n f , i
.Patient, and in all of the years that I
was with him I never knew inni to
lose his temper. Once when Jim and
Grrene were coming out with a hunch
of cattle, the great ?) Gen. Kostilizka
came to the camp with his rangers
J l. : . . .-. J frwilich ha nil.
T'"? . , :,,.v r
aressea Jim ana asKeo, vv naiouiu
--- - ,
j 11 Will J VJV . A. T. W- Jw j
" commit"- .
fr nd,dn '"a.t a"f 'hc!"
the Indians had gone and we were
elad to throw our guns away, a greas
er tried to kill me while I was asleep,
by exploding powder under my pillow,
and the explosion left me a physically
alf blind, totally deaf wreck to this
day, and that happened on May the
24th, 1S99, or 19 years ago on the 24t h
day of this month.
The Apaches were more nonorable
than the varmint that attempted my
life at night, for after sun down one
was nerfectly safe from the Apaches,
but not so with the natives In that
country. So one can see that we had
all kinds of enemies to contend with,
find not the least by any means, were
the renegade Americans from this
country.
' borrow the
words, and say: 'If all to whom he
did some good would carry a wreath
to his grave, he would sleep tonight
beneath a wilderness of flowers.'
Good-bye, and God bless Jim Kirk, for
I thought more of him than any other
man on earth,
ARCHIE KELLY.
Fishee Messrs W A Tucker James i
lieSZL J?!
I lot mmtrof n tml r Vhe mil I
. !?ra!liM
vi I D .
moun
unta:n The money they expended j
developing the property has opened j
in
averyuromising prospect which shows
pood commercial ore in a number of :
placns. The owners, are plannin
extensiva work yet this year,
j "I find there are a good many Bis
bee people interested in the Kay Cop
per mine through George W. Long,
who has recently taken over this 'won
derfully rich property. It is located
on the south end of the Block Canyon
nliniit hli tv milaa anillh nf IfaVAf An
M ,,:., ,r.n faat i0t vo
retimbcred and a contract let by Mr.
Long to sink it to the 500-foot level.
At the present depth of the shaft, the
vofn fa nhrmf thlrtv fwit urlria u1tn an
av e ot about 10 per c(mt copper
8cr08g fhe vein Undor tne new man.
agement, a test carload of ore was
shipped to the Humboldt smelter
which ran 13.62 per cent copper.
"There is no 'boom on in the Mayer
district at. the present time and none
is wanted. There are twenty or more
new companies operating different
properties in a good honest way and
results ate showing up just as in the
rich strike at the Arizona Copper mine
two wseks ago. The Mayer district Js
in the neart of the 'Jerome to Phonix'
mineralized belt, which is about 85
miles long. The big mines at Jerome
are going to be equalled some day by
min-?s along the belt to the south. It
is truly a morvelously rich mineralized
section of the state which is becoming
very attractive from an investors'
standpoint."
COUNCIL OF DEFENSE
ISSUES BULLETIN OF
INTERESTING FACTS
With the appearance of the "Arizona
Service Bulletin," volume 1 number 1,
published at Phoenix, the state coun
cil of defense bas entered the public
ity field in Arizona, sending out to
hundreds of citizens a newsy little
paper, filled with good material on
the war, on the state's activities in
the war, and on matters pertaining to
the general welfare of Arizona. The
heading anno unces the volume as fol
lows: "Through the ipublication of this
bulletin, the state council of defense
seeks to further the welding together
of all organizations and interests ln
Arizona Into one body with a common
cause to uphold and support the
United States government and help
win the war."
The names of olTleers who have to
do with the state council are printed
at the head of the column as follows:
Dwight H. Heard, chairman. Phoenix; :
D. T. MucDougal, vice chairman, Tu:-'
son; R. K. More, treasurer. Phoenix; j
and Charles R. Green, secretary, Ptioe-
nix. Member of thp exrnuive bo;ird
are: (Jponje W. P. Hunt, I lu tein R
Heard, D. T. McPoiieall. Thomas K.
Campbell. -.Mrs. Pauline Ml O'Neill.
Timothv A. Kir.rdan, Kpes Kandolph
R. It Vnn KleinSmid. C. K. Mills,
H. Claridge, Thomas J. ( roan, jn
l.indley H. Ormc.
The Issue of the Arizona Service
Bulletin will i.ppcar in the eitie.-, of'
the state hereafter simultaneously on i
the first of each month. t'oinnmnlrtt- .
tions to the bulletin may be uddresHrd t
! t tha adirc(iri' I
BOOKS FOR SOLDIERS
SENT FROM DISTRICT
TO CLUB IN DOUGLAS
Residents of the Warren district re- j
plied freely to the appeal for eod
books for the soldiers in camps along
the border, of the shipments of reii.ling
matter from the district is to be used
as a basis forjudging. Yesterday
volumes were boxed at the Ili-bee
lu"t7 ??d torwrddll, 11
khakl. More are to follow as tu?y arc
received at the library.
to tl,: e"n,rsTed me7B cfb atUDo,,g.
where they will be placed on the
library shelves. The assortment of
volumes was complete, and each book
was in good condition. Light fiction,
short stories, the better grades of
fiction, standard editions of tha old
masters, and many other valuable
volumes were Included in the list f
bocks sent.
Books for the use of the soldiers
may be left at the library where they
will be assorted, repaired if necessary,
marked and thipped to the car;ip
where thev are most in demand. T'.io
supply of reading material for the sol -
diers is never too large, and the rah
forbook is nbw is as great as in the
past.
J R U R CCRlIPC CI AH
TO BOAST 20 STARS
Twenty stars will adorn the white
field of-the Calumet & Arizona band's
service flag when the red bordered
emblem of patriotism and sacrifice is
unfurled within the Dext week by the
organization. From a membership of
t about 'lOO men who were with the
i ban(1
one year ago, 20 have, already
entered the iservice of the UnilecJ
states, utners are to ionow soon,
when the stars in the field will be
increased largely.
Arrangements to secure the flag
were completed at the last business
meeting of the band, when it was de
cided that some honor should be paid
to members now with the arms. Ac
cordingly the band requested the War
ren district Red Cross to prepare the
flag frr them,, and the society readily
agreed. The band has often assisted
the R-d Cross in the nast. and in
turn for the kindness of the soeietvtC8 ET2:it war In which we are ta
in this instance ill assist throughout ; voIv.ed. to a final and auccessful con-
the nevf upuV ir. the sprnnd Red 1'rosi
drive for funds.
Members of the C,
& A. band who
wlli te DOi,ored with stars in lh? now
wvke Ha are Mm. Osborne.
'1'RC0P- Holden. Harper, Angrove,
Mull!.olland. Reitz. Mosso.
McMurray Snick, Faloy. Dusiiay,
Folin Hotevi;k. Coleman, Feder. Mas'
trn ar(J Kison. McAlc-er. another 1
',. - (rnber of the band, has been In the
service but has returned to the dis-
trict, discharged for physical di3abil- ment i.i our state ana its resources,
'ty. "Labor disturbances In the groat
; mining renters of Arizona with In the
NOTED LATIN KILLED : past foiir years Indicate that some
NXW YORK. May IS. In a fall remedial legislation is neressary to
of only fifty feet. Captain Antonio Prevent the continuance of recurrence
Resnati. famous Italian army aviator. of 8Uch ccnditions. Our country is in
was killed beneath the wreckage of a i ne0(1 of every uond of copper our
new Italian-made Caproni biplane at mines can produce and in order to
the Hazelhurt aviation field, Mineola, -8ecup? ,na beat results capital and la
t0jay bor should put aside their difference,
Res'nati's machine "sido-slipped" ErPat f small, and all work for the
when the pilot attempted to make a common good, to the end that our
turn too soon after leaving the ground, government be not deprived of the
One wing struck the field and the useful and necessary mineral corn
craft overturned, falling upon the avi-. moditras for the successful prosecu
ator and crushing him to death. I "on or the war. Upon the shoulders
Investigation by array airplane offl-' of the laboring men and women fall
cers. it was announced tonight, showed ftreater and more difficult burdens;
that there was nothing at fault with all the necessaries at life have ad
the plane. A rough spot on the ground vanced in price, and will continue to
from which the flight started, the In- advance, and to meet these conditions
quiry board stated, slowed up the as- employers of labor must realize the
cent and when Resnati attempted to necessMy of increasing wages in pro
make a turn the machine lacked suf- portion to the increasing costs of liv
ficient momentum. ing. Legislation regulating the com-
Resnati, upon his own request, was pensato-.i of working men and women
taking the new plane on its maiden is a difficult and delicate problem, but
trip. there is no reason why some fair
ANNA EKOLA
Chiropodist and Foot Specialist
She will remove one corn free for the first five persons
Monday. The corns are removed (not trimmed) by the
only scientific method that the entire corn can be re
moved Without Pain or After Sorenes3. The opera
tion is done by Anna Ekola, surgeon-chircpodist, who
never'lays any one up after operating on an in-growing
toe-nail ; she never has had one accident or case of blood
poison; known throughout the inter-mountain west as
the only EXOLA. She is also introducing the famous
Ego Corn Remedy which is put up by a Foot Specialist
of 30 years' experience.
Private room for ladies and bashful men. Limp in and
walk out. Now at the
Electric Shoe Shop
BREWERY GULCH, NEAR BUXTON-SMITH
Hours: 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
IS
TONE OF MOOR'S
E
State Lend Commissioner in
Announcement of Candi
dacy Takes Stand on Many
Important Issues.
W. A. Moeur, state land commission-
er an(1 former chairman of the board
- ..morvisnra of Maricona ronntv hns
,lla,ie announcement of his platform
, m SPPk!ng the Democratic nomination
f(r fc)VPrnorshp of tntt state of
I Arlzona Although Moeur, in March.
declared his candidacy before a meet-
izona Catt, GTOVm.
1 sociation, at a meeting In Nogales,
j r frotn him until
ln'8 "mp-
The candidate was born in the stat"?
j of Tennessee in 1S65. He mdved to
; Texas m 1871 and engaged in stock
raising and farming. In 1S87 he was
J married to Miss Mary Wilson and
moved 'o Arizona, with hiB wife, in
J1S93, settling in the Salt Rivr valley,
! Maricopa county. He immediately en-
I gaged in the business of stock raising
'. and fanning, which he still follows,
j Prominent in School Work
During his residence in Maricopa
county he has always taken a great
. interest in the public schools, serving
a8 trustee for a large proportion of the
time of his residence in the state.
Moeur was Interested in the organiza
tion of the Temp-3 high school district
and has continuously served on its
board since. t
In the first state election be was
elected to the board of supervisors of
Maricona county and was re-elected ln
1914. He nsigned the chairmanship
oi the board to accept the appointment
as state land commissioner of Arizona
in June. 1P15.
Moeur's, statement follows:
"To the Teople of Arizona:
"In offering myself as a candidate
for the nomination of the Democratic
ticket for governor of the state of
Arizona, I wish to submit to the vot
ers ani citizens of this state the fol
lowing rrasons why I am asking for
your s ipport to the highest office in
the state, and my position on some
ot the vital find leading questions and
pending legislation, which, in my opin
ion .should be worked out and adjusted
to th-3 mutual benefit of all concerned.
First .
"I pledge my support In any and ev
ery way to the president of the United
CONSERVATISM
OPE
NING
HESSAG
'0 I A
1 t-iu.Miiii.
Second
I am In favor of and will lend my
; assistance to the development of all
, the great resources of our common-
wealth for the benefit of the nation
d the citizens of the state.
Third
"I will encourage and protect, as far
as It is within my power to do so, capi-
tM invested and used in thi develop-
ie-ii:,lJles !' lne vigorous prosecution oi
and -"qtiiinltle lmsK tuny not bo
I reached v. hereby those who produce
'the weniih nf the stnt will in a treat-
er measure share in iM profits.
"Stri.'c" and labor troubles being
jdisastn'is to the men who strike, a?
well as t- the business interests of
the sta'e, deprive the government of!
the copper products of our state,!
which is essential to the successful '
conduct oi the war. With a view to 1
adjusting these matter so that capital
will be protected in its ifivestment,
and the laborr he given a just and I
equitable wage, in order thnt he may :
be able to meet his obligations, take
care ofhis family and thus remove of specialized training and a''.vant:ig-s
the cans? of discontent and put :.n i of sum:-. I am in favor of additional
end to strikes and labor troubles, I . npprop-i.itions and revenues f.ir our
promisi the people of Arizona, if nom-', schools in ordor that we may give
inated and elected governor, that I ! our bovs and girls vocational. In;iiit
will support proper and constructive trial and military training .r the h.'e.h-
labor legislation and the adminlstra-1 est ordr. '
tion of the same, to the end that our
laboring class of people receive prop
er compensation and consideration.
"A just, equitable and uniform com
pensation or liability law should be
placed upon our statute books. Yhejiness policy in the leasing and sal"
present makeshift is not satisfactory of the sti-te and institutional lands. My
to eitn-r employer or employe. 1 1 report to the state land department
would ;'avor the appointment of a joint will show the results actieved. and 1
commite of employer and employe iassun : oi: that I feel a great pride in
with power to Jointly formulate such j this department of state and am in
a syBte.;i of laws as would fairly ar. tvor of o continuation of the present
reasonably compensate the injured broad cor;structicve land policv. i
employe or his family, in case of his Twelfth j
death lor submission to the legisla- "I am for legislation that will deal'
ture for proper action at the earliest effectively with the pro-German
convenient time. ;0nd thos people who in any way hr.m-
Fourtn 'per or hinder our industrial, military
"I will Insist that public offices; and fiiancial -efforts to speedilv and
of the stte and counties be Rdr.ili--1 effectvely prosecute the war. There
istered efficiently and economcally, so ! should bo no temporizing or half-way
that the burden of taxation may be! measures. Our soldiers are in th"
held down to the minimum, and will trenche;, offering their lives for a'
advoca'.e and work for such laws as j great and noble cause, and we should :
will be the means of brijiping about las individuals and' officials see that1
the oft-iii promised but seldom i"ai:zi-J ! nothing is left undone and that there '
economy in state governmr-. is no inieiference in our efforts to back
pi'tn jthem ui) to the limit of our moral, fi-i
"I am for supplementing our prohi-1 nancial end physical forces and insure)
bition law by proper' and adequate us a speedy and complete victory,
legislation, in order that the some cau "I am heartily in favor of tegishv '
and will be effectively enforced. ,t:on extending the franchise to elect-!
Sixth " j ors of th state of Arizona in the 1
"I pledge my support to the end military pnd naval establishments of
that the red light abatement bill. the Unit ?d States, wherever they may
House biM No. 4, passed by the thirl j be stationed. '
state legislature and referred to the "I submit the above for your earn-!
voters t.n a referendum petition, be-! est consideration and ask) your sun-'
comes i law.
Seventh
"I will endeavor to hav. inr elec
tion laws amended and revised in Mich
manner that they may be clear to ail
nltUan. .1 I -... .
wwAii.-i, cicliuib auu uuuiiii irsirdu v t.
officials of the state.
Eighth
"I faor the ratification of the con
stitutional amendments by our state
of the nation-wide prohibition -and
woman's suffrage laws.
Ninth
"I am for a continuation of our
state highway system and addition!
good roads; will abo insist that the
federal government build a system or
good roads along the southern bound -
ary of ihe state, the same being in my
judgment a vital military necessity
for our piesnt and future protection,
of
-mmJThe Lot
"Linear Miles, 1,044,686. Tire Miles, 4,178, 744. "
Thus runs the log of the SIX FLEETS as it sums up the leagues on
leagues traveled by the Goodrich Test Cars in their nation wide tire-testing
cruise of 1917. That grand total marks the mileage high tide of tire makirg.
Read in it the dawn of a new understanding of tire service, the rise of a
new tire standard which includes all other standards The TESTED of
The cold figures of the log underwrite the
lasting strength of Goodrich Tires; for no
tire could hide a weakness in that mul
tiplied mileage. Those records and the
tires stand surety for Goodrich Tires of 19 18.
Speak th silent
language ol
grim Jetermt
natuin to win.
THRIFT
STAMPS.
Eur them I
THE
'' i j , 1 THE CITY
isbee
Upper Main St.
f I
VWWarVWVWW
B
"I believe that ihe Tull authority of j
the legislative and executive branch j
of the n'nle eovernment should he ex-!
ercised Ik th? enactment and esforce-J
'ment of adequate laws for the pro-!
i lection nf life and property nloi'g the I
' Mexlca.i border. j
Tenth !i
"I favor continued : nd adequate ap-,
propria'ions for the maintenance of I
the public schools and insTitutior j
th- stat", in order to keep them up to
the highest standard. Realizing nnr
total unpreparedness when entering'
this worM'a greatest of all wars, and I
knowing the necessity and imnnrtanrp '
Eleventh
"As commissioner to the stat" bud
depart, -i -nt I iave endeavored to re
cure fo" th-.stnte the j;reiit:.st i.'no'int
of revenue con:istrnt -,ith rrr.ni "t.i:.
port.
"Respectfully.
"V. A. MOEUR."
! SHOT AT GLEN DALE. :
, . ... , . - 1
o uy f. suswonn, anus junies
Jones, plias Ham, aid several other i
names, was shot at Glen dale, near,
Maricopa, last Friday morning by Deo-j
uty Sheriff Marks nfter he had fought
a fist fight with the officer and was;
trying to run away from him. The!
bullet entered the right side of the J
brck just above the hip bone, passing;
clear t!irourh the body. Wadswortn !
was taken to the hospital and there'
are hopes of his recovery. He does
(not blame the officer. Wadswortn at:
1 one time was opetating in Cocliissj
county in Douglas, but the officers i
, there got too hot on his trail and
he left for the Phoenix country. '
the Test Car Fleets
l "l !L
TESTEDgfTIRES
BLACK SAFETY TREADS, and
SILYERTOWN CORDShallenged evc.y
handicap of road and weather, tnd
defeated them with stead
fast dependability and
durability.
You make the test your
guarantee of pure food and
pure gold. Make it your
guarantee for tires, cr.d
gain economy, comfort, and
freedom from tire mishaps.
Demand "America's
Tested Tires."
For 1918 Goodrich
Tires look at their
generous, masterful size
at any Goodrich dealer
took the bulk of tha
rough going. They
measured up to all the
Goodrich Th'e qualities,
and added new virtues.
B. F. GOODRICH RUBBER COMPANY
OF GOODRICH - AKRON, OHIO. ! ': "" "" '
Auto
AGENTS
TELLS ALL OF HER
FRIENDS ABGUT IT
"I Gained Ten Pounds Since
I Started Taking Tan
lac," She Says.
"I have Rained ten pounds slnr? tak
ing Tanlac and fel so good that I
am telling al! my friends about t hi -.
woni!"r'iI mpMi ine." said Mrs. (i.Mrg?
V. Ha.ici'Ck. of 4727 Worth s"-vt, Dal
las. Tec is. recently.
"All i25t year." shs continued, "My
system v as so badly run down, aril I
felt so lii-ed and woryi out tia: I iva?
hardly dt for a thing. I lost my appe
tite and soon after eating v.-r-ul1 "oloi t
up with gas till I cou' l hardly rtand
it. At times I would suu-r -rnliy
from rli- imai'ism in ny bu' ",i mvl
shoulders, my nerves w-ne fn su b a
dreadful condition. tha I vOiiM hardly
sleep, anJ when I got up in ihe morn
ings, I'd fiel jwtt tli nl and fished
out. as 1 cid the night bef re. i tried
all kinds ' medicines, hut nothing diJ
me any pi od and I was iriiirij; wotse
all the ti::ie.
"So n -ny people were taking Tan:a'
and praising it so highly that I tried
i too. !t sure made rr.e hungry from
the sta't, and my appti-e bus been
f'ne ev;rv since. I began to pick up
right away. I eat all I want and ev
erything agrees with nia. My nerves
are no-..- in such goo-1 shape that 1
sleep like a child all ni.;ht and gt
up in th- morning full of lif? and en
ergy, and abb- to do ell n.y house
work, without any troubli. nnd could
do twice as much if I ha 1 to.
Tanlac is sold In Bisbee by J. M.
Ball, In Douglas by Douglas Drug Co..
in Paradise by O. A. Walker, In Bowie
by Bowie Drug Store, in San Simon by
J B. Cookn, in Willcox by A. A. Nichol
son, in Lowell by Lowell Drug Co., in
Benson by C. F. Moss Phcy., and in
Gleeso-i by B. A. Taylor. Adv.
TOO LATE TO CLASSIFY
I FOR RKXT Two light housekeeping
j room3. First house on main road be
low jowell .Mine. ooa
1
FOR RENT 3-roora. furnished house.
Johni m Add. Phone green 6S6.
60S
FOR RKXT Three nicely furnished
rooms tc the right party. Upper
Lowell. Se- Mrs. Cunningham, Mc
Whoi'ers' 12 m. to 4 p. m. 657
ATTENTION, EAGLES
Initia'ion and smoker given in honor
of members leaving for army and navy,
Tuesd.iv, May 21st. All Eagles are re
quested tc be present.
J. F. WILMOTH. W. P.
Expert paper hanger and pa!ner. C.
J. Brandt, phone 456. P,ox 150. 5S0
ML
n
.;
l m
I
!
!!
i:
i
o
V.-in You See Tai ;
Qoodnch Tua are
Buy fraaa Coodncb Dealer) t"
Lecated EeryfSr f;
Phone 5
mm
Company FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MAY 19, 1918.
PUBLISHED EVERY DAY EXCEPT MONDAY BY THE
STATE CONSOLIDATED PUBLISHING COMPANY.
".CLLJiX A. CAIN
Editor and General Manager
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
The Associated Press is exclusively entitled to the
ose for republication of all news dispatches credited to
It or not otherwise credited to this paper and also the
local news published herein.
All rights of republication of special dispatches herein
are also reserved.
WHITEWINGS AND DOVES
SUBSCRIPTION RATES. PAYABLE IN ADVANCE:
PER MONTH 75
THREE MONTHS
BIX MONTHS
TWELVE MONTHS
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per year
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per quarter
2.25
4 00
7.60
2.60
.75
No Subscription Taken for Leu haij 75 Cents.
MERCIFUL DOLLARS
Tomorrow the Red Cross begins its
drive for one hundred millions of dollars.
You will be called on to give, to assist the
mightiest charity, the noblest and broadest
volunteer movement in history.
Red Cross dollars are merciful dollars.
They are not the dollars which draw inter
est in silver; their interest is written in al
leviated suffering.
Red Cross dollars do not buy material
and tangible effects for you; their purchase
is the satisfaction of aiding the wounded,
clothing the orphan, filling the stomach of
victims of Prussian devastation in France
and Belgium.
Red Cross dollars expended bring jrou
nothing save the knowledge that you
have brought happiness, comfort, ease, or
assistance to someone in greater distress
than yourself.
Red Cross dollars are merciful dollars,
sharing no enmities and recognizing no
enemies, serving no flag but their own.
Red Cross dollars have the wings of
Mercury. They fly to the very darkest
corners of the war zone.
Red Cross dollars have the soul of the
Savior. They search out and ransom the
helpless that they may administer to them.
Red Cross dollars have the heart of the
Virgin Mary. They give to the world that
the world may be saved. .
One hundred millions for the Red Cross,
and no better time' could have been select
ed for opening this drive. It opens with
our boys at the battle fronts, massed to
meet another sort of drive to face shells
and schrapnel, leaden hail of German ma
chine guns, poison gas, liquid fire, and
every savage horror of modern 'warfare
the desperate effort of the Hun to smash
the line, cut railways and reach the coast.
These boys will hold their part of the
line, and they expect you to hold your line
here at home. You have to face only a mild
and gentle Red Cros3 solicitor on your
peaceful street. Yours is an easy task.
One hundred million merciful dollars for
the Red Cross for No Man's Land for
stretchers and ambulances, for anesthesia
and bandages and antiseptics ; to train
nurses and orderlies, to outfit and trans
port skilled specialists, to make sure that
a dear one shall have a clean, sweet cot,
and a sweet, clean girl from home beside it
One hundred million merciful dollars to
maintain communications with detention
camps, to provide war prisoners with food
and decencies, to negotiate comforts and
privileges for them, to buy blankets, clothe3
and books and tobacco.
One hundred million merciful dollars to
erect hospitals, to build rest stations, to
send nurses to the front and rescue
refugees, to forward surgical units to min
ister to the maimed- to buy medicines and
operating instruments.
One hundred million merciful dollars to
re-make the battle torn victim, to buy arti
ficial limbs, to give trades td those whose
injuries have handicapped them, and to ,
show the blind where Hope' still shines.
One hundred million merciful dollars to
save from the lives of swine and the deaths
of curs twelve millions of orphaned chil
dren, wandering about Europe, frightened,
terrorized, set adrift byPrussian frightful
ness to sob alone and to look to the mag
nificent America for rescue.
One hundred million merciful dollars to
stifle pestilence, to stamp out fevers, to
check the career of the white plague, to de
stroy dank filths and verminous diseases.
One hundred million merciful dollars!
What of your merciful dollars?
The time has come to give. You have
purchased Liberty Bonds and War Savings
Stamps. That was an investment, not a
gift. Now you are called on to give, where
your merciful dollars will be in the hands
of business men, where they will see ac
tive service soon, and where they will be
spent for the greatest return in good ac
complished. As this drive starts, the boys on the oth
er side are holding their line.
Will you hold yours? Will you give of
merciful dollars?
By announcing that prosecutions for
shooting whitewings and doves out of sea
son will not be enforced, the state game
warden has practically suspended the law
prohibiting the slaughter of these birds dur
ing their breeding Reason. Under the law
the season does not open until July 1 5.
The game warden, however, calls on all
sportsmen to "make war" on the birds,
"considering it a war measure."
A few generations ago the North Amer
ican wild pigeon was plentiful in the Unit
ed States. The last of these birds died in
the summer of 1914 in the zoological gar
dens at Cincinnati, Ohio.
A few generations ago antelope abound
ed on the plains of Arizona. Now a state
law prohibits under severe penalty their
molestation.
Not many years have passed since buf-
falo were numerous on the plains of the
middle west. -Now a few scattered bands
in parks number the herds.
Within the past few years it has been
found necessary in this state to limit fur
ther the number of deer which one hunter
may kill in each season. '
Protection of game of all character has
been the policy of the state. With the sad
fate of the North American pigeon in mind,
law-makers have sought to preserve for fu
ture generations the wild life of the south
west. With this in view, a few years ago, Ari
zona enacted a law prohibiting the wan
ton slaughter of whitewings and doves dur
ing the nesting and breeding seasons.
A few generations ago the mountain
lion from his lair leaped down and slaugh
tered the calves and cattle on Arizona
ranges. The state put a bounty on the an
imals, and the cattlemen added to this re
ward for its hide.
The Arizona "lobo," shaggy, ferocious
wolf, has been almost wiped out in the
same manner. Coyote and jackrabbit have
been hunted down and lessened in numbers
because of the premium on their scalps.
True facts of the destruction and dam
age of whitewings and doves are these : A
few farmers of the Salt River valley each '
spring complain that their grain and fruit
crops are suffering; hunters of the game
hog variety take up the cry of the farmers ;
within a short time the complaint becomes
a great wail of the injustice of a law which
protects harmful birds. Past history of the
state sustains these facts. Since the law has
been in force each spring has heard the
same hue and cry from a factional few who
are unwilling to wait until the breeding
season ends before they unlimber pump
guns to pot the birds as they feed.
Investigation ha3 proved that the dove
does not injure wheat or grain crops. It
never alights on the stalks or feeds from
them. It feeds from the ground on the seed
which has fallen to the earth. The white
wing, it is true, does light on the stalks,
and, in instances, accomplishes some dam
age. There is no question but grains and
fruits are of material value during the war.
No person will decry earnest efforts on the
part of any citizen to conserve the crops.
The nation calls for maximum production.
But the damage to crops as balanced
against damage to the future supply of
whitewings and doves especially where the
complaint is purely regional and represent
ative of but a small section of the state, is
the question which Arizonans must decide.
If the whitewnig and dove are injurious
to the state, if they are to be hunted out of
existence, if they are to be exterminated,
then, let us repeal laws protecting them and
place a small premium on each bird killed.
If they are a bird to be preserved from the
fate of the North American pigeon, then
let us protect them with the laws which the
people of the state have provided.
Constructiveness, conservatism and pa
triotism are the keynotes of the announce
ment of W. A. Moeur, state land commis
sioner and former chairman of the Mari
copa county board of supervisors, who has
placed his name before the state in the dem
ocratic primaries as candidate for governor.
His declaration of principles takes a firm
stand on nearly every question of great im
port in Arizona politics, business and gov
ernment. It is clean-cut, precise and to the
point.
Steady advances of securities on Wall
street during the past week are a barome
ter of conditions in Europe. Average prices
of more active issues at the close of trading
were the highest for the year and in some
instances the highest for two years. Optim
ism on the street seldom accompanies pes
simistic repo'rts, which makes even more
valuable the thermometer of America's fi
nancial center.
County Briefs Brief State Notes
Dae Adams was in Tombstone on ! M ii ieop-i eo;:n;y supi rior v.mn oi- j
Friday from Dragoon. He states tliut f!:.l j.n seaiciiing i-r the verdict i
they are now drilling for oil on his and commitment in the ca.ij uf I r.
land in Texas and he feels confident ; Rosa tioido, who was. very ie.eiul,.
that they will produce a gusher in the I convicted ami sent tn the p -uitcntiary
near future. fl r c-ctiimitting an illegal operation.
Mr. Buckley, owner of the Cochise
Stronghold orchard, has ripe apri
cots now and states that his early
peaches will be ripe this month, that
the prospects of a heavy crop are very
pood. Mr. Buckley has a large or
chard and wiJJ be very busy from now
cn as it is almost impossible to get
enough experienced help to handle
the peaches.
According to news received here,
Hampton S. Ford, well known pioneer
of Tombstone, was last month award
ed a pension of $20 per month by Con
gress. Mr. Ford is an old Indian War
veteran, having been a private in
Troop F 5th Regiment of V. S. Caval
ry. His pension will begin with
March 4. 1917, under the act passed
by congress on that date.
The Huachuca Water company have
had their men repairing their private
telephone line to the Huachucas. They
are gradually chancing from wooden
pcles to three-inch iron poles, as they
find that method of construction more
economical in the long run. Their line
is all iron pcles from Tombstone to
the Fort Huachuca branch of the h.
P. & S. W. railway and from there on
the substitution is being made as re
quired.
City Attorney Richard E. Sloan cf
Phoenix has not completed the. drat'-in-;
of an anti-loading ordinance for
Phoenix as yet, but promises it duritiar
the present week for the consideration I fll ID HflTS A IMP
of the Phoenix commission. This ! VUl onvlO M1W
statute would make it a tiiisd.'mranor j SMALL RESULTS
ior any man 10 ioai. I'oumas is con
siderini; similar city legislation.
24 r3yGillenA.Oin;
II:its (,ff to Mrs. Jacob Schmidt of
has I- -en held by l nited St, .-s Com- ,nan Hho. F , ner girlh(d 8ne
mk-SKner ( H R- her.ord of Jerome kn, d sorks the civU
lu iri.sri 111 mr- iuridl liiui I Ull a
charge of violating the explosives li
cense law. 1 1 in bond was fixed ,-.t
J2.HU0. Licking that amount. .Micky
Is sMll in the Jeiome jail ami probably
"iU'le taken to Prescott within a
day or two.
Assistant District Attorney I rme
Stephenson stopped at Willcox the
other day coming from Dos Cabezas.
where he had been conducting a pre
liminary hearing before Justic? Daw
son. It appears that Frank Peterson,
had filed a complaint against A. J.
Welty and C. D. McEIroy charging
them with grand larceny. The de
fendants waived hearing and were
held to answer in the superior court
in bonds to the amount of flu0 e.uh
which was furnished.
A mass meeting was held at Mor
gan's Hill Wednesday evening in Will
cox for the purpose of organizing a
100 percent American Club. Dr. .1. O.
Wilson was cVosen as permanent
chairman and S. S. Hardenrock as
secretary. Application blanks for
membership were signed up by those
present and voted in as mrmoors. All
who desire to join the club can secure
applications for membership from the
secretary. The next meeting will he
at Morgan's Hall Wednesday. May 22.
It is hoped it will be well attended.
J
The state highway from' Turner
through Fairbank and into Tombstone
is the best it has been at any time
excepting from the three mile post
where the turn is made to Benson,
commonly called the "forks of the
road." From there to Tombstone it
has several rough spots caused most
ly by exposed rocks, but these will be
taken care of pretty soon as that sec
tion of the road has too much travel
to be neglected because of a little
clean up that is needed, and no douht
the county engineer will have this at
tended to the first time he is com
pelled to be "jostled about" as he
rides over it.
war. and now, after the passing of
more than half a century, she is knit
t;ng socks for American soldiers in
France. And good socks, too. Socks
made to wear like iron and keep a
doughboy's feet as warm as toast.
Old fashioned, closely woven, eighteen
carat wool socks. Mrs. Schmidt has
lived in this district thirty-five years
and has done nothing in all that peri
od of which she is so proud as her
present work for the Red Cross.
She has lived already the alloted
Application has been filed with the
Aii.i a loi piratiou commission by the
Mountain States Telephone and Tel'
graph ccmpany to make some changes
in its toll line rates and met.; .id of
ma king Vales. It is stated in the au-jnfe 0f the scriptures of three score
plication that the company will rtotPnd ten. but her spirit is still young,
seek any radical advance 111 the rates. ! she wanted to do something for the
but merely a leadjustnient. war Alld ner oId ears were among
the first in the district to hear the
Pr. J. 11. Judu. a Globe osteopath. Red Cross call. Knitting used to be
Iroke his right ankle while exploring regarded as old fashioned, but it is
the Pine creek canyon at the Natural j all the rage now. And the woman
Biidge in northern Gila county. His I who plied the needles so many years
party was making their way along ! ao knits still with all the craft and
I same road, with REAL troubles; and
yet they bore themselves in gamer
and finer fashion than the newspaper
man had awhile back with vexations
that he had conjured into real trou
ble. 1 And so it is aJllong the way. We
- think we are unlucky and ill treated
by men and fortune until we come
across a man with an injured back
-and an unconquered spirit and then
we are ashamed. We complain to
. heaven of our lot and then we meet
a father carrying an injured child,
and we blush under our calloused
hide and wonder what we have ever
' dene that heaven has been so kind as
1 to give us .happy, healthy children as
' a blessing to lighten the darkest day
that ever the elouds can bring to pass
for a newspaper man.
THE RULING PASSION
the canyon below the bnuge when Dr.
Juod sUpped off a rock and lell sev
eral fett.
Another shipment uf field glasses
and binoculars will be sent Iroin Ph-ie-nix
to the I'nited States navy by the
cunning as of yore. If there is any-
young woman in a pink sweater, fresh
from college or training school, with
young, strong hands and young,
bright eyes, that can produce, weave
cr fashion a pair cf socks as fine as
Mrs. Schmidt's granddaughter placed
Phcenix chamber of commerce. Ami -" ueme uu.-
r lasses of six power or over, ace need- " ," ' u' ""l -' .l " " """
eil by- the navy department as high
powered lenses are difficult to get
now.
The legislative special session will
ccnene next Tuesday, but unless
there is proposed laws introduced
whiih have not been imagined as com
ing within the call of the governor,
the session dees not compromise any
excitement. Any attempt vl political
play in connection with the state
council or defense should not be per
tr.it ted ta succeed.
he has seen many pairs of socks knit
ted for soldiers in Ftance.
AND STILL SHE SERVES
Arthks of incorporation have bon
filed in the cft'ice of the stale co:--pcrlatijn
commission by the follow
ing: Mark"-Myer Mining and Leas
ini company. American Coal. Timber
When they fired three thousand
pounds of powder on Sac Hill the
other morning and lifted au entire
shoulder of the mountain under a
cloud of dust, so it seenud, the news
paper man was especially impressed
with the fact that so little noise ae
ccmpanied the siiot. He asked about
it. and the foreman said:
"Oh, the big charges, when they go
right, never mike very much noise.
They are the boys that move the
mountain away. No one down in
tewn ever hears them. Those loud.
Three Arizona hoys were graduated
from Pie third officers training camp
at Camp Lewis. Washington, head
quarters of the 91st division. One ot
the three was William E. Cunningham
of 1048 Tenth street, Douglas. The
other two were Ira L. Quiat of Moren
ci and Bert Winslow of Phoenix.
These new officers will be commis
sioned as second lieutenants and will
be carried on the eligible list for as
signment until vacancies occur. Cun
ningham will be placed in the infan
try branch of the service, while the
other two graduates will be assigned
to fie artillery. ,
The Douglas chamber of commerce
and mines is making arrangements to
give a "send-off" to the selects who
will 'assemble in Douglas Sunday,
May 26, for entrainmcnt the next
I
I
I hrmmtnT vnurin ir ovr.loLi'r.nc -lntvur.
and Lund company, Sunset Fuel Oi! ...! . ' y,
.,K;, t XT i, ; '' owe in a while are what we cal
Pec.ples. standard Oil c. i.pfa.;ir. shots or .bul,doMr8.. They
rmer Oil and Refining compj.i.v, J'1"" make le ts of noise, but they do not
bee ( h'.no Oil company, Kelnuka toal ..
iiuutc 111111.1t uuL a m 1 1 iv. iuu acre
Mining company and Sales company,
Silverado Mines company.
G-MirJe Hitches, one of the original
locators ol claims i:i tne Dig i!"g dis
trict of Yavarai county, ii dead,
il'ialics died at a mining camp near
Wickenburg. He has been p resident
of northern Arizona for iirmy years
and i:; known to many old-titiiera
throughout tie state. Robert Maker
a,-,d Robert P. Hilliday, formerly of
Phcenix. have been ordered b.ivg to
the officers' Irainiri; camp r.t Cam
we fire them on the surface of the
rock."
The newspaper man did see. And
he found a fine parallel in these Sac
Hill shots with lots of people. Plenty
of surface indications and a loud
noise, but they do not move much
merrhandise or crack the big rocks
or disturb the mountain of the world's
opinions, customs and ways.
A "plaster" shot is quickly laid and
easily fired. Hut it takes a long time
nd a let of work to place a couple ot
..t 1... 1., - i.t.. rr.u.-'-
Kearny. This i.-; in a measure cxo:i-i ui f"-"" ... "p o.c.
, ,i.i f tl.o vni;ni. i'linvnir i-.i-n who B '" cu.a.-c vi
were derated because oi certain acts
training, observation, experience, suf-
(luring a visit of Arizona elate oni-j the juggle with
ch'.ls to San Diego. the worl1 from lhe pathway called
inc. 1 ue meiaptior 01 me mountain
wcrk and life is almost perfect. When
.i.ui u:s u. they drill a de..p hole in Sac Hill they
Carolaii and associates, huv e unco-,. , ' . . f
eiH.l run ot the most prou.isi:; gold
unil silver mines in the state, accord
ing to 1'- O. IkthlinC, .1 loC.tl lUllllllr,
e.-.pcit. The property is located about
ifi miles r.titii ot Globe, on tne north
slope of the Siena Anciia mountains,
in Hie Plcasaiil Valley district. .Air.
I ethune says the property is tra
versed by a great number ot leads
varying ir. width lroi.i t.u twenty
,iav 40, lur t;uii ttiniiiiit me iivk.t .
' , , - 1 feet lhe leads, stuuu.n proi..inoiil-
morning' for Camp Cody, Deming, N. ! , u . ' ,' . . . ,. ... ,
,. ...si. w 1 tin ! 1 above tl'.e masque cuke, (au o-
1,.. j ...-. b ... . - , , , disiar.ee along the 'n joe pan
men in the contingent the last o( tl a,, u,, ,.top,,lllSH show! it not
class one. The exact nature of what ; u
will be done for the Cochise boys has p,,h. rt - rt lb- rlv l as re
not yet beep decided upon, but it is J'-, A reV eUs' U,
very pronaoie mat 11 wm " ",,,,,.,.,, u-;.sas ,., Missouri, ha-ing
have to bore through stratas of rock
that is as hard and twisted and stub
born as some of the odds against us
in the battle of life. P.ut if we per
ii..t and get down deep enougii we
will move a lot of rock when we fire
our shots. But if we are not willing
to bore and sweat and endure and
persist, and plan and suffer, we can
lire a "plaster" shot from the surface
and make a big noise and accomplish
hut little in the removal of obstacles
in the path of success and fortune.
so?
j Poet's Corner
SPEAKING OF TROUBLES
demonstration at tne train 01 auuuu l Kati.-as Citv with a train of
niornltiK, May Zi, witn a nanii 011 nunu .,,. u., n.-.t ,.,.r;ii.
liven me occasion. ... .. ,..., .,.,1 -,.t,..,n! "
I ; "'.-"" break beneath his troubles.
The new road to Fort Huachm a. ! . ,1,1,. v.ifii-l 'hits lie ."'.t eroooing at the wheel, he
Driving down to Warren in his
faithful and still festive flivver the
other day. this newspaper man was
in lined to bow and bi nd and even
And as
Overton, Puena and Ramsey Canyon
came upon a pilgrim in the road who
walked upon crutches. He stopped
and took the man aboard, crutches
ami all. He had been hurt in a mine
accident, this man, and he declared
that, as the injury was to his back, he
1 ti.. t, i. i..i.li't-.u-i '-oorl. .HSi wecK
was finished Friday by Foreman it ,M,mV(i j,, Kansas Citv and throiuli-
ver when he tied up the-new road to ! fU( ,,afrnl KaMt.ilH The winds blew
the military road at the edge of , hn(j ,ll(,r(, was so much it ore dust i:
military reservation at Overton. The ; . - , h ,...,.,; i.,isible.
road from Tombstone to Charleston ' T;m d. ,. riday it bI,owtd F0. hat. as the injury was to his back, he
is good and part of the way to Bucnal t'nVotiuhout Kansas and intoC-.!-! crow" 'i,!'M' h,'uer nor wors''
but it will take a good rain and twoj Jusl !irc.vimislv there was one fur ,',r7! nionths. No he oid not
drass to Dut the road in first class ; .-. .,.- ,.,, n ti.w-. know when he could walk again wlth-
shape. This road is destined to '"t I i..om.-i-r -al a' yo decrees :n il.ej'"1 liis '"itches, if ever. Hut he was
botii time and distance for people ' evvnjM,. I '-ne. and even gay . this pilgrim. No
from Douglas and Pisbee desiring to! - note of grief or sorrow in his voice.
go to Ramsey Canyon. Frt llunchu-j yvhh Icf ario'iftiiu to M-veral 1 -N(' w"ri ,,r complaint. His face whs
ca or points In that locality. As soon j;llIUr,v ,i-,r- in its possession ami I pleasant his eye bright. Ho
as it rams and the road is dragged it J lol,r . ,,. .;, ,). hars. while a! talked of the war and of other things
is going to be an excellent drive from f,,r, j, t(.;Ue j, M in Nogales lor in-' hesi.I'M his misfortune. Alighting at
Tombstone to those points. w..:tigation the sin rrf s office at Plioe-1 Low ( 11 l.e bade the driver of the tUv-
inix believes it has solv.d the niysie-iver a cheery good by and thumped
Attorney lye O. Woolery and family i ri(,'Us wi,lesale robberies that nave briskly away on his crutches,
left Tombstone this morning' ror Glen-1 r(M ,-mmitt. d the past re.v months. The newspaper man turned again to
dale near Phoenix, where tiny will The chain cf sotittoide stores that contemplate his troubles and found
take up their future residence, their 1 I1t,t v.un material losses at the h inds , l!:fm pitiful ar.d foolish. And tfcen.
household goods having been shipped ; . r(,bbors late in the w inter and later a lew hundred teet f arther on. he
Tho nmnv frii.iwlu r.f Mr and Mrs. I r,.i,h..ri.. in tin. 1ViH:i district have came upon a man who bore a baby In
Woolorv will regret to see them leave heen accounted for. sav the officers, his crms. and stopped to give him a I
the Old Camp, where they have resid-n the arrest, of Mexicans captured m lift. The baby had a great bandage
ed for a number of years, during ('handler. Fla::staft and at the t'en-I e.lKiiit its small head and was crying,
which time they have become one oil mil much. This morning Joe It.ilsz. I The man looked glum enough,
the leading families. -Mr. Woolery 1 (icptiiv sheriff, will h ave for Noi:.iles "Tie little cue had a bad fall." he
has been associated with a large mint-1 l return to this county the man be : explained. "The doctor thinks thcr
her of local enterprises, besides being I believes to be the remaining nien.b r i may be. a fracture ami It may never
a practicing attorney with a large ell- if the gang who urn-rated here .siiccs-, u,-t wi ll. Last week my little girl
was run over tv a cur. eems as 11
iroublcsMievor come slng'y. I would'
he discouraged if I could afford to. j
bill I uiiisl keep up and on for the;
sake of the family. I git off here.
;i I Thank oti." j
The newspaper man drove on. and
ilhis time he did not try to locate and
'. I nurse his trouble.-., whaioicr tbe
! were Per the love of Mike' what
l.d l.e know iiliout Mi i. hi'. j
While playing with some boys the
ether evening in a bouse under con
struction in Warren, the newspaper
man's small son got some lime in his
eye and was brought home in a state
to behold. The eye quickly swelled
shut and the doctor's lotions could
not stop the pain of the burning lime
all the night long. Along some time
in the middle of the night, while the
anxious parents bent above the bed.
this youngster started from a fleeting
and troubled doze and sat straight up
in bed with arms outstretched and
called out in a loud roice: "They
will play tomorrow without me."
This youngster, bis it understood,
was the catcher for the Warrfn Won
ders baseball team and it was booked
to tangle with the Bisbee Hyenas, or
some other team representing this
mining metropolis in the boyhood
realm of baseball. And out of his
slumbers and into his pain be came
with a rush, thinking only of that
baseball game. Some folks would
have been worried about their eye.
But that baseball game loomed before
that boy as the all important thing
in the world.
Henry Van Dyke once wrote a group
of masterpieces' that were published
in a volume entitled, "The Ruling
Pasrion." Each story narrated how
the ruling passion was strong in
death. And in the big and the little
things of life it is nearly always so.
In sorrow, pain and death the ruling
passion- is always revealed, and" in
health and happiness it is revealed
also.
Danger and the shadow of death
and the erip of pain, these bring out
either the gameness or the yellow
streak in mankind. The ruling passion
always stands out sheer and naked
under a test. In times of prosperity
and ease it is manifest, either in the
form of arrogance or humility.
This newspaper man is glad that
his small son's mind soared above the
misfortunes of his bunged up eye to
the baseball field and the team that
would have to enter the fray without
Mm. Feathers show which way the
wind blows. Seme day the test may
comp in sterner and more important
form and if the ruling passion rises
above self to a part thai most be
played fcr others or for a cause, then
the newspaper man will be both proud
and glad for his boy.
TO HIS LITTLE SISTER
You were only a kid, little sUter,
When I started over the sea.
But you've grown quite a lot since I
came here.
And you've written a letter to me,
Anr nobody knows that you wrote it
It's a secret and we'll keep it well.
Your brother and you and the ocean.
And nobody's going to tell. ,
You were only a tot when I left you,
1 remember I bade you good-by.
And kissed you, a little bit flustered.
And you promised you never would
cry.
Put I know- that you cried, little sis
ter. As soon as I'd gone out the door.
And did 1 cry myself? I'm a soldier.
So don't ask me anything more.
&
I think of you often, kid sister
You're the only kid sister Pve got
I know .you'll be good to your mother.
And I know that you'll help her a
lot.
And whenever she seems to be
gloomy.
You've just got to cheer her some
how. You were only a kid to your brother.
But you're more than the world to
him now.
From Stars and Stripes, France.
cntele, anil is at present a director in lullv lor some little time.
the First National Bank. Mrs. Wool-1 -
cry lias been one of the social set of j A BOY S VIEWPOINT
I the (uinp and identified with mativ A Warren man contributes thi- fol
soi ial and church cents during iheir . low ing lo tin- Kcwew :
residence there. Teacher - hat boy can speak ;
. I verse from the "Psalm of Life?"
.1 i mill it- 1 can inarm. Here it is.
"In the world's bio. id field of liatth
III the bPoM.ie of lite.
',e not like lln'.ll. ll! IV el (!e IHU'.s,
Be a hero .u Uie suite!"
.('(oriling to a special ai titb- 111 I lo
Arizona l-publicaii, $."iO;m"h worth ol .
buy is annually sM-iped lr.01,1 the I i 1 1
town ot Giltieil. liMMti-d on the mciI-.i.
side ot the Suit River vulky.
'licit were two men iu a row in lhe
LIFE CYCLES
A little crying in in nrst nours.
A little laughing in the years:
A little flurry, a little worr.
And then God smilPs away our fears
A little cleaving unto goodness.
A little falling by the way;
A little striving, a little thriving.
And then there comes the close of
day.
A little groping in the darkness,
A little hoping in the light:
A little sowing, a little knowing.
And then our chastened souls take
night.
A little loving in the springtime.
A little coolness in the fait;
A li'tle gtdil. our talc? ia told.
Ami it is worth it alter all
r. m. THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MAY 19, 1918.
FIVE
v
I.
Mining and Financial News
BY REVIEW LEASED WIRE.
LEAD MARKETS
NEW YORK. May IS. Shares of the
steamship companies and a few spe
cialties monopilized bulk of today's
stock dealings for the bull account.
Industrials and equipments indicated
further liquidation on unexpected
trade developments, while rails of the
better class were almost ignored.
Prospects of the early sale of the
mercantile marine's British tonnage
bn advantageous terms brought fur
ther extensive pains to those issues,
the preferred rising 4 '4, the common
2 and the 6 per cent bonds, 4,.
Other shippings denoted moderate
strength, the remaining features on
the constructive side included secon
dary rails, such as New Haven, St.
Paul, Baltimore and Ohio preferred
and Western Pacific.
Extreme declines in United States
Steel and related issues ran from one
to two points, tne setDack being as-1
cribed to the controversy now pend
ing respecting control of output. Short
covering effaced most of these losses
at the enO. Sales 500,000 shares.
The bank statement in no way re
flected the week's financial oerations,
including payments for account of the
new Liberty bonds. A decrease of
about $55,000,000 cash of members at
the federal reserve bank accompanied
a contraction of $56,600,000 in actual
reserves, wiping out the greater part
of last weeks' gain.
Bonds were irregular: Liberty issues
displaying variable tendencies. Sales
(par value).$3.100,000 .
United States 2's and Panama's
gained from Vi to 3 er cent on call
during the week.
excess of legal requirements. This is
a decrease of $56,608,190 from last
wet k.
MAXIMUM PRICES
NEW YORK, May IS. Greater con
fidence in the outcome of the war,
improving crop and trade conditions
and the more harmonious relations be
tween the federal government iand
fianancial and industrial interests ac
counts largely for the substantial ad
vances in securities this week. Even
at the reversals which marked some
of the more active issues in the later
trading the art-race of prices was the
highest of the year, here and tbeie
showing new maximums for almost
two years.
NEW YORK METALS
NEW YORK, .May 18. liar silver
NEW YORK COTTON
NEW YORK, May IS Cotton closed
firm at a net loss of 1 to 11 points.
NEW YORK
Closing Quotations, May 18, 1918
Anaconda G8-s
American Can 4SV4
American Car 79''
American Ixicomotive 67t4
American Snieiter Sis
American Sugar ; 114
Ilaldwin 93r;s
Bethlehem (B 9
Granby 77
Green Can 43 'i,
Goldtield 20
Hancock 8
Indiana "55
Inspiration 64',
Kenne;o:t ' 33".
ill nvcimn ................... i I
Lake 74.1
La Sail;? 2
Mohawk
Nevada
X Butte
Nip
Old Dominion
Osceola
Pond Creek
Quincy- . .-.
Uav Consolidated
Shattuek : 17
Shannon 4 Mi
Superior Boston 2V
St. Marys .. : 53
Utah Copper 84
Utah Consolidated 10
Winona Hi
TWO BALL GAMES ID ARMY SPORTS
SCHEDULED AT WARREN PARK TODAY
Woman Recovers Valuable Watch;
Review Want-Ad Brings Results
2ii
16
&
41
55 'i
19ss
73 "Si
26
, CURBS
Arkansas & Arizona 7
Austin '
Arizona Silver King
Big Ledge 9
Putte & London 27
Calumet & Jerome 1
Cornelia 19
Consolidated Arizona 2
Consolidated Copper 7
Curtiss Co
Dundee ?
Denn 21
Scrls galore are scheduled on
dav's Warren nark program. Two base
ball games, one a league contest be
tween the C. & A. and Copper Queen
nines for the leadership of the circuit.
j( When Mrs. George E. Howard of Bisbee lost her $30 gold watch near
the postoffice Friday, she immediately thought of the Review classified
to-1 the bench to act as relief chucker if! PKe and placed a 25 cent want ad under the lost and found heading.
.... ! ,i....a...l I uu than 9A llrtll
needed.
Bidwcll To Hurl
Bidwcll will in all probability start
for the C. & A. although a last minute
and a program oi soiuier spons winc n j switc li may ne made Dy -Manager
include wall scaling, bomb throwing, I Geoi ge Meachem with Johnson or Cur
iclay race, 10o yard dash and racey nominated to assume the mouuJ
with equipment, are a art of the events j duties. The C. & A. have three re
scheduled, j liable twirlers in this trio and witti
First on tin? list comes the league tlie in field and outlield playing belter
baseball game nnd this will be called, defensive bail eac h week the team
at 1:30 sharp b Unipire-in Chief Kitty ; lo,'ks 50 per cent better than when the
Urashear. Follow ing this diamond con-i fceilsoI opened.
fiicf the t-old'.er sports and races will The lineups for this game follo.v. :
featu-e while last on the program is ' & Mearhcm. c; L'idwull. Cur
icy, jorinson, p; .moitis, id; touug
Less than 24 hour later the valuable watch was turned in to the Review
office as the finder bad discovered the owner through the little ad with
t.'ie punch.
No matter what you want or what you desire to sell, the Review
classified page will bring results. Make it a habit to read the Review
want ads. Many a bargain will be found and if you wish to dispose Of
anything, insert an "ad" and you are bound to get results.
GRAINS
CHICAGO. May 18. Conditions like?
ly to facilitate planting had a bearish
influence today on corn. The market
closed unsettled, cents net lower to
a shade advance, with May $1.27-,i
and July $1.40"i to $1.11. Oats;
gained 'i to cents and provisions
15 to 55 cents.
Downturns in the price of corn be
gan soon after the opening, and al-i
though several rallies took place the I
finish was at virtually the bottom fig
ures of the day. At first the resulting
pressure of offerings was not heavy,
but support was poor, and in later
trading some of the principal houses
sold freely both on commission and
cash account.
Oats ascended because of a sharp
bulge in values at Winnipeg.
Firmness in the hog market gave
strength to provisions. Indications
were ti;at hog arrivals here next week
would be a good deal less numerous
than during the corresponding time
last year.
C F & I
Canadian Pacific
Central Leather
Crucible
Distillers
trie
General Motors
Ind Alcohol
Lackawanna
Marine
Marine
lidvale
iXiexican Petroleum
New York Central
Reading
Republican Steel
Ftudcbaker
Steel
St. Paul
Southern Pacific
Sinclair Oil
Texas Oil
Union Pacific
United States Smelters.
WestinghouEo
47
1461J
6!)
691',
608
16'-,
124V4
132
SS'4
103
30 Vi
5 Mi
99 Vi
72"
SS
90
n;i
no
44
85
23
1361
124i
43
44
Emma
Federal Oil . . .
Gadsden
Green Monster
Grand Island ..
Globe Dominion
Hull
Howe Sound
Heela
Jerome Verde . ,
Jerome Victor . .
Magma Copper
a ba.seb;.ll game between the Junction
I,n;js league team and tha so'dier
nine of Company U 35th inTantry, sta
tioned at Lowell.
Soldiers Get Mney
Every cert of the receits today will
go toward the athletic tiaid of the
Kin-
man, 2b: Brown, ss; Janssen, 3b;
caid, Gait and Noonan, of.
Queen: Lebrandt. Markep, o; Camp
bell, Hanson, Irions, p; Whaling, lb;
Crines, 2b: Krigbauni, ss; Wilson, 3b;
StadelH. Hesse and a pitcher, of.
sold:er contingent at Low-.-.: and wili ' . " .
i . a r ..ru rt ,..-, t,,' f the most interesting events on t!ie
IIC liniU 1U1 I IIC flU I"IH. U.'lll;.
baseball suits and other athletic ecjuip-
13
3S
4
4
BOSTON
Adventure
Ailouez
Al?ka
Arizona Commercial ...
j American Zinc
I Putte k Superior
tC & A
1
52
14
13
16i
RESERVE NOW LESS C & A .
NEW YORK. May IS. The actual C H
condition of clearing house banks andiC Range .'
trust companies for the week shows ; Chf".o
that they hold $46.199,r40 reserve 'in E Butte 9
The corporation commission does not recommenci the?
of this company or any ol'ier company.
securities
7 UTT3 F5 YT
Magma Chief 14
Miami Consolidated 5
Pitts-Jerome 52
Porphyry 55
Hay Hercules 4;!s
Tuolomne 99
United Eastern 'i
Verde Extension, 40
Verd e Combination r,s
Wolverine Arizona 1
West End SS
White Caps
Wright Martin 11
ment. The admission lee win be 50
cents and it is cxected that several
hundred dollars will be raised.
The league game is expected to
prove one of the most interesting and
s liarcies fought connicis siageu at war-
N I ren this season. The lue?n playeis
re out to secure revenge lor th-
Vt ' defeat they suffered at the hands of
Hasty liidwell in their clash with the
I C. & A. recently when he held them
i to four hits.
I Both teams have been working hard
'k ! all week to be in perfect shape lor
the gajue. Also each club-has settled
down and has been playing hangup
ball in its recent starts. Either Camp
bell or Hanson will work for the 0.uoen
although Manager Carncs expects to
have Irions of the Western league on
Fa her and
Ainsmith.
Schank; Yingling and
program which will, be given undei the
supervision of the? soldiers. The C.
A. team will enter Youngmaii, Gall,
liidwell and Brown.
Junctions vs. Coldier:
In the diamond game between the
Junction Briggs and Company L, the
soldiers will place a strong team in
the field and assert that their ni'ie
wi'l defeat the leaguers with ease and
thus prove their contention that it
deserves representation in the league.
Their lineups has not been announced.
Manager Cal Earthman of the Junc
tions will have some new players in
soon which include a catcher, two
pitchers, an intielder and an outiielcler,
With these new men h should hnve
a fast club. The team is a hit weak
WAR SESSION OF THE
LEGISLATURE WILL
MEET NEXT TUESDAY
Outline of Bills Being Pre
pared by the Attorney Gen
eral Cochise County Mem
bers Preparing to Attend.
The var session of the Arizona state
legislature, which convenes on Tues-
soldiers tci vote is also being prepared
by the attorney general. It is expect
ed that there will be several such bills
presented and this will probably bv
one of thq hardest problems that will
face the legislators.
The resolution adopting the prohibi
tion amendment to the United States
constitution is also being prepared by
the attorney general.
Cochise County Members
The county is represented in the
senate by Hon. Fred Sutter, the local
attorney and Charles M. koberts of
Willcox. Mr. Suiter will leave here
on Monday night after the city elec
tion. Mr. Roberts expects to leave
Willcox today for the capltol city.
In the house the county has Tom,
Hughes ot this city, Tom C. Foster of
Gleeson, D. C. O'Neill. Chas T. FrancN,
M. E. Jacks of Douglas. William L.
day. is expected to Ire a notable one. Cook of McXeal and Mrs. Rosa McKay.
Helpful legislation to assist the Unit
ed States in making war will be en
acted and legislation looking to the
protection of the families and person
al and business affairs of the men
called under the selective draft to the
national army as well as there are
other mii:or matters included in the
call of the governor, but war meas-
OATMAI
At Boston
'Detroit 001 000
Boston Ooo . onl
Erickson and Spencer; L. Bush and
Agnew.
Argo
Adams
Arizona Rex
Ariz-Tom U .
Boundary Cone
Gold Road Bon.
Gold Reed
Gold CliiT
Lucky Boy
Sunnyside
Teliuride
United Eastern
'nited Northern
United Western
Red Lion :
! Other Curbs
jGudsden
Green Monster
I But'e London
Dundee
j Vcnure Hill
Pitts-Jerome
Jerome Verde
! Ark-Arizona
j Jerome Portland
, Ins Needles
Hull Copper
Magma Chief
YOUR
THE SAN SJMON OIL AND REFINING CO., LO
CATED IN THE BOWIE BASIN OIL FIELD IN
GRAHAM COUNTY, ARIZONA, HAVE 640
ACRES OF CHOICE OIL LAND LOCATED IN
THE DISTRICT AND SIXTEEN MEN OF BISBEE
ARE PUTTING THEMSELVES FORWARD TO
DRILL IN THIS FIELD. A NUMBER OF COM
PANIES ARE ALREADY LOCATED IN THIS FIELD
AND OTHERS ARE COMING IN. WE HAVE OUR
PERMIT NO. 1306, AND ARE PUTTING OUR
STOCK BEFORE THE PEOPLE OF THIS STATE AT
THE REASONABLE PRICE OF 22 CENTS PER
SHARE WITH AN ADDITIONAL AMOUNT OF 2
CENTS WHEN OIL IS STRUCK IN COMMERCIAL
QUANTIES. NOW IS YOUR CHANCE TO GET IN
ON THE GROUND FLOOR OF A GOOD OPPOR
TUNITY. IF YOU ARE INTERESTED, CALL AT
OUR OFFICE AND TALK IT OVER WITH THOS.
FLAKE AND SAM C. MORGAN, NO. 7 MAIN ST.,
OPPOSITE POST OFFICE, BISBEE, ARIZ.
ome in and Inv
esiigate
and you will surely
want some STOCK
I Miami Consolidated . .
I Nacozari Consolidated
i Verde Apex
! Porphyry
Calumet & Jerome . . .
Feather River
Bid Ask
6
-5
3 5
12 18
3 4
5
13
2 3 I
2 3 i
io it;
2.10 2.14 '
3.75 3.S7
o
2rj
2.73 .TOO
.2 .CO
.27 .29
.87 112 1
.041
.52 .561
.02 .C3 j
.08 .11 j
.06 .12 1
.:js .40 i
.IS .25!
1.75 2.O0 1
: .62 .75 i
.05 .10 j
.45
.06 j
.55 .75 -1.00
1.06 i
.15 1
At Philadelphia
Cleveland Scut (M'O 000
Philadelphia ..000 101 ooo-
Morton. Pagby and O'Neill
and Pei'kins.
At New York
St. Lent's 100 000 014 fi 16 4
Xew Yorl: 210 100 0105 9 2
Lowdermilk, Rogers. Shocker and
Nnnamakcr; Caldwell, Mogridg-e and
Hannah.
no'-v i;i certain departments, yet should
give the soldiers a re al eont-st. Tiie i er portion of the time and attention of
Junction lineup tomorrow will be as the legislators.
follows: j Attorney General Wilej E. Jones is
Fitman Sweet Hitter j e:ig.igd in drafting several bills thit
Boat, c; Eason. Althouse. Floyd, p:ivi;i oe presented for passage, which
Hiryear. lb: Earthman, Snyder, 2b; -are in l;i.e with the call ot the gov-
U. H. E. I Berkel, ss; Johnson :b: Pnrnhill. Pit-
din) i 6 o I man, Winstead. Rowland, of. '
20x 3 10 3 ; The return of Gil Phman to the
ps "Pit" is a smashing sluager. as h's
record homer Wednesday -ith the
bases loaded proves. whil he is a
sure tie uer i;tvi ha:. ; co .'d throwing
arm.
A'idy liiiohn. outfielder, will be back
'n tfc? game sr:on, as he is recovering
from the accident he suffered when
r-is fac e and right arm were hardly
it. i i. tu. ;
The latter has not been a resident of
this county for several months and at
present is confined in a hospital at
Globe where her condition is said to
be such that tt is doubtful if she will
be able to attend the session of that
body Hulis-s it continues much longer
than is expectad. The Bisbee mem
bers will leave here Monday night and
uis are expected to occupy the great- expect to meet the Douglas conting
ent at Oliorne. with the exception ot
D. C. O'Neill, who passed through this
city yesrerday in his auto, making the
, trip ov.M-U.ud. He was accompanied by
his wife nnd J. P. Boyte.
R. H. E. I
.-. 4 1
2 7 2
; Perry
COAST LEAGUE
W. U Pet.
Salt Lake , 25 IS .F.S1
Sacramento .21 20 .512
Oakland 22 22 .500
Us Angeles , 23 23 .500
Vernon 22 23 -.489 1
San Francisco 10 26 .422 i
S'irned by an electric shock which
nearly cost him his life and which
killed Lewis 15. Xaylor at the Junction
mine last Tuesday. Bijohn is a classy
player and his return to the game w ill
i e welcomed by Manager Earthman.
Speed is promised in running off
the games and races today -and faiw
are assured that the program will ce
over by fi:30 or 7 o'clock.
ernor Among them is a bill declaring
a moratorium for the men called to
the color-.. The object of this bill is
to protict the men in service from in
operation of civil courts when he is
unable to be present and protest his
interests.
One of the most important items in-
NEIHOFF IS GIANT
(By Review Leased Wire
CINCINNATI May 18. Bert Niehoff.
infielder of the St. Loi$s Nationals, be
came a member of the New York Na
tionals today, according to a state
ment issued by Manager .Magraw of
eluded in the call of the governor for I the lattir club. Niehoff was obtained
the special session is that referring to for a cash consideration.
the stale council of defense. At pres
em this is a volunteer organization
without legal status and with no au
thority other than the grace of public
opinion to conform to its reemests. P.
is necessary for tlvj legislature to give
it authority of law and this will be
done in a hill that the attorney general
is now pieparing. The bill will also
provide fui.ds for the expenses of the
council.
A bill providing a means
JACKSON MUST SOLDIER
GREENVILLE. S. C May IS Joe
Jackson, the Chicago American league
outfielder who went to work in a sihp
yard at Wilmington, Del., last Monday
after b-3 had been placed in class 1 of
the army draft and bad passed tire
physical examination, was ordered to
dav bv his draft board here to report
for the .immediately' for actcive army service.
YESTERDAY'S RESULTS
San Francisco
Oakland
Crispi and
McKee;
RUE
3 0 2
2 fi 3
Prough and
'fl7lf 6 A IM A MAcH
U.Li,.. ,-,". J tMHII nil
RRKi
Los Angeles .'..3 13 4
Sacramento 5 14 0
Fittery and Boles; Gardner and
Fisher. I
K
Baseball Scores
NATIONAL LEAGUE
NATIONAL LEAGUE
R II
Salt Lake - 2 9 2
Vernon 4 4 0
Penner and Konnick. Chech and
Devcrmer.
Grands - Players - Uprights
MADE SINCE 1857
OVER 285,000 IN USE
1
AMERICAN ASSN.
w:
Xew York 20
Chicago 17
Cincinnati 15
Pittsburgh 13
Philadelphia 11
St. Louis 9
Brooklyn 9
L.
6
9
1
1
1
li
16
I'ct. I
.769
.654
.536
.520
.458
.360
.360
At Kansas City 6; Toledo 7.
At Minneapolis 1; Louisville 10.
At St. Paul 4; Indianapolis 1.
At Milwaukee 0; Columbus 4.
SOUTHERN ASSN.
At Atlanta 2; Little Rock 1.
At Xew Orleans 2; Nashville 1.
At Mobile 4; Chattanooga 6.
At Birmingham 5; Memphis 1.
YESTERDAY'S GAMES
WESTERN LEAGUE
U H E
Philadelphia ooo 000 0011 8 2
! Chicago 210 022 oox 7 7 1
! Oeschcer. Tincun and Adams. Dil-
boefer; Hendrix and Klllifer. CPFar-!
roll. I
At St. Joseph 0: Omaha 1.
At Tokepa 2; Wichit al4.
At Sioux City 3; Des Moines 8.
At Hutchinson 1; Joplin 3.
H H El
New York 103 Ooo 000 4 10 Oj
Cincinnati 000 000 2'to 2 7 1
Sa.ee and McCarty; C. Smith,!
Schneider, Rag.in and H. Smith.
Y BOYS HOLO STUNT
NIGHT AND BANQUET
u h i:
Boston 4H0 310 201 11 13 0
St. Louis 000 000 (HiO 0 6 3
Fillingem and Wilson; May. Horst
nian and Snyder, Gonzales.
II II F.
Pittsburgh 000 000 odi4 1"
Pittsburgh 0n4 151 OOx 11 16
Griner, Grimes and O. Miller;
Miller ajid Archer.
T!:e youi.ger members oi the Wtr-'
nn district Y. M. C A. had their
innings at the association last niglit
when a stunt nicrht procram was held
and following this the bos were treat
ed to a feed ii:-d then the prizes won
in tli" Kvmiiiiisic competition which
"I ended May 12 were presented by Phys-
lical Director Ja. W. Morley.
Kimball's factory branch
store recently opened in the
Philadelphia Hotel building,
O. K. St., Bisbee, with the
most complete stock of
Iianos, Players, Pathe and
Kimball Phonographs, Rec
ords, Player Rolls and Musi
cal Sundries in the state.
Every one is welcome,
indeed, to come in and hear
the latest records or music
without obligation to buy.
You will find this to be the
store you will like to patron
ize. If you need a piano or
phonograph, come in and
we will make the terms so
you can have it now.
F.
AMERICAN LEAGUE
W. L. Pc: i
HoMcm IS in .643j
Xew Yolk 15 12 .55 ! ;
Cn vel.nni 15 12 .556 ;
Chicag 13 11 .542
SI. Louis 11 13 .4-'.S
Washington 12 14 .461 .
PhilaiMrhia 11 15 .423!
Detroit 7 15 .318 '
YESTERDAY'S GAMES
At Wat hington U II. E.
t hie ago
immi n.;ii (I'm ohm in 0 !
V.";isliingrmi
ii(- 030 000 oiio o-
12
Included In the stunts Inst night
was a game of e'iptain ball, introduced
here for the lirst time, between two
picked teams. A boxing match of
three! rounds between J wk llein ami
.Mhert Oilclelielto resulted in a draw is
did a mulch between HuMcr Davis
mid George Kawley. Tony CarreMo
and James Ocl'ietietto wrestled wi'h
iiil cither gaining a lall.
The wieiHTs of the medals which
iimsiMed of jold medals lor the first
prie winners ::iid Y. M C. A. buMoiV5
lor second, third and fourth places
w ci e as follow s:
Intermediates .be Senna. Edward
Kelly. MUton J.iorris and I'anl IlasU-H.
Einpli.eil Inns- class: Ciarles Ma-
em. James j yiir. l.rouaiu .M enem
nd J 'C Chiu
Juniors: iteil Morse. Jack l.aliilraiii.
Henry Stodghill and Kenton M'Keuna.
. f- aegagjii'-i:.:''!"-!-''..." ifii.-j' !ii-:.'',i;i;iM;.ij:i",.ii:i:iiji L. "tt.i n. 'tt.ji: c rrifl y
PHONOGRAPH BARGAIN
$83 cabinet machine, and 24 pieces, for
this week only
$79.00, Easy Terms
BEAUTIFUL UPRIGHT PIANO
$375 style, slightly shopworn, for this
week only
$285.00. Easy Terms
WE ARE HERE TO STAY AND WE ARE HERE TO PLEASE EVERY CUSTOM
ER. EVERY INSTRUMENT FULLY WARRANTED BY THE FACTORY AND A
TWO YEARS FREE TRIAL EXCHANGE PRIVILEGE WITH EVERY PURCHASE.
SEE THE KIMBALL BEFORE YOU BUY
MB ALL PIANO CO. I
PHILADELPHIA HOTEL BLDG., O. K. ST., BISBEE THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW. SUNDAY MORNING, MAY 19, 1918.
PRESIDENT WILSON
OPENS RED CROSS
TELLS OF
200 KILLED IN
EXPLOSION OF
CHEMICAL PLANT
Tin e air
DRIVE FOR FUNDS
LUCK
1)
(Continued from Tage One)
SIX
ROBERTS
Roya
lirrTii n if pp
(Continued from Pnire Onel
a new sense of community of purpose,
a new sense of unity of life.
4 Latins Frm America
"The secretary of war told me an
Interesting inriilent the other day. He
said when he was in Italy, a member
of the Italian Rovernment was ex
plaining to him the many reasons why
Italy felt near the United States.
'"If you want to try an interesting
exeriment po up to any one of these
trcop trains and ask in English how
-many of them have been in America
and see what happens."
'"He tried the experiment. He went
tip to a troon train and said, 'How
many of vou boys have been in Amer
ca?'. And he said it seemed to him as
if half of tliein sprang up: 'Me from
San Francisco: me from New York;
all over.' There was part of the
heart of Anyrica in the Italian arir.v.
People, that bad been knitted to us
bv association who know us. who ha 1
lived amonest us, who had worked
shoulder with us. and now friends of
America, were fighting for their native
Italy.
Succor the Needy
"FrieiulfOiip is the only cement tiwt
will ho 1 th- world tocethor. Ai' !
this intimate c"tnct ol the Red Cross
wth tve neonles who are suffering the
terror- "Hid deprivations of this var
la going; to be one c-f the greatest in-r-trumemnlitiei
of friendship that lire
world ever know, and the center of the
heart of it all, if we sustain it properly
will be thi9 land that we so dearly
love.
"My friends a great day of duty has
come, and duty finds a man's soul as
no kind of work can sver find it.
"May I say this? The duty that
faces ub all now is to serve one an
other, at:d no man can afford to make
a fortune out of this war. There are
men amoi.gst us who have forgotten
that, if they ever saw it. Some or you
are old enough I am old enough to
rememl tr men who made fortunes oat
of the Civil war and you know how
they wore regarded by their fellow
citizens. That was a war to save one
country this is a war to save tta3
world."
1 0
PLEAD FOR RYAN
i
(By Review Lbv1 v"lr)
SACRAMENTO, i'ali f.. May IS.
Olaf Tveitmore, financial secretary of
the state building trades council, vis
ited the officed of Governor William
D. Stephens today and urged executive
clemency for Albert Ryan, former
president of the United Iron Workers
of Arizona, sentenced to life impris
onment for murder in Los Angeles.
Ryan applied for a commutation of
sentence and his petition will be con
sidered. Ryan has served eight and pne-half
years. He ran amuck on a street
while on a visit to Los Angeles and
killed two people. - -
TWO DIE IN WRECK
CRy Review I .eased TVIre)
WINONA, Minn.. May 18. Two per
sons were killed here tonight when a
passenger train on the Chicago. Mil
waukee and St. Paul railroad crashed
Into a street car. The engine struck
the street car squarely, piled it up on
the tender and hurled a portion of the
wreck against a freight train which
was approaching from the opposite di
rection. I
Just Received Full Line
Special Values
MARY JANE
SLIPPERS
Consisting of Patent Leather, White Canvas, Patent,
White Trimmed and Velvet
Sizel to 5 priced 98c, $1.25, $1.39, $1.49
Size 52 to 8 priced 98c, $1 .49, $1 .69, $1 .89
Size" 8J2 to 11 priced $1.39, $1.49, $1.79, $1.98
Size 1 12 to 2 priced $1.79. $1.98, $2.25, $2.49
Size 2'2 to 6 priced $2.25, $2.98, $3.25
SI
Incorporated
WHERE YOU
YELLOW FRONT MAIN STREET
I fPv Review Leased. TVIre
I WAKESHA, Wis.. May 18 Pr. Da
i vid Roberts told how he first kissed
Orare Lusk when he resumed the wlt
i nes stand at her trial for slaying his
iwifo, today.
i V was at their first meeting alone
I in Miss Lusk's office in the Y. M. C.
j A., after he had soueht her helo in
correcting manuscript for his book,
i"Cn"le Breeds and Origins."
i "Did yon kiss Miss Lusk or did she
.kiss veu?" Henrv Locknev, attorney
i for the defense, demanded.
! "I think that " I kissed Miss Lusk
' find Mis Lusk kissed me." Dr. Rob
erts replied.
! Af'er this meeting which took place
i in March. 1915. according to the wit
ness he met .Miss Lusk at Chicago ho
' tela, on an average of once a month
i until July. 1915. when his book was
nlaced in the printers' hands.
I After the book was finished, he said.
!he d!d not see Miss Lusk until he had
' n invitation from her to come to
i Peoria late in the summer.
I "She met me at the station." he
' said, "and drove with me to the hotel
where I registered."
Althoueh often reDlying "I don't re
member." to auestions regarding de
tails of bis meetnies with Miss Lusk,
the storv he told todav was a repition
Tif the charee that the school teacher
had pursued him with threats of tell
ing his wife of the relations.
AIR RAID SUCCESS
(Hf TJvlew Tamd Wlrrt
LONDON, May 18. A most success
ful raid was carried out today in
broad daynight on railway stations,
factories and barracks at Colonge.
Thirty-three bombs were dropped and
were seen to explode on railway
sheds. The British bombing machines
were attacked by several hostile
scouts, two of which were driven down
out of control. AH the British air
planes returned safely, according to
the British statemenL
PERSHING'S COMUNIQUE
(Continual from Page Ore)
served anc when this cleared the bal
loon was on longer seen.
"On May 15 Lieutenat Meissener at-
i tacked hostile observation balloon
flying -t from 1500 to 1600 meeters.
The observer was seen to jump from
' the ba ;ket.
"In Lorraine May 13 to 1. a hostile
: patrol attacked small machine gun po
; sitlons held by us from both front and
; rear. They were driven off by pls'ol
and grenade fire. No casualties to our
! men." v
CARQ PARTY.
I . Mrs. S. H. Kyle and Mrs. H. M.
j Sterling were hostesses at the Worn
jan's cl-ib at the card party) for the
1 permanent blind fund, on Saturday af
; ternoon. Those present were mes
: dames Vance M. Johnson, Sam Frank
i enburg, Ben Frankenburg, WMght E.
i E. Ellinwood, F. L. Williams. C. S.
Thompson Mrs. John Frederick Ryan,
Icullen Csin, David Ross, Jr., Leslie
i Burt, Bertram Brown. Roger Pelton.
Eugene Brougtiton, 5. T Knapp, Rob
ert Ferguson, WTm. Sabin, F. E. Shine.
, Madame Fauchere, Arthur Notman
and little Miss Dowell.
of Children's and Ladies
DO BETTER
crossed, and a number were thought
to have perished.
Sheriff William S. Haddock almost
lost his life during one of the late
explosions. A heavy piece of steel
blown from the wreckage passed close
to him and the force of the blast
threw him to the eround. He was
badly burned but continued his work.
Each succeeding explosion reduced the
blazing pile as ambers and chemicals,
were widely scattered. Soon after six
oclock an explosion, louder and more
powerful than any since noon swept
away the remnants of the fire and
practically cleared the blackened
space. Many bodies were cnns"med
in the flames, the authorities declared,
while parts of others were so tossed
about it would be impossible to iden
tify such portions as might eventually
bo found.
Among the dead Coroner Samuel C
Jamleson found, was Samuel Dieiil. as
sistant superintendent of the Heidel
berg plant of the Aetna company
while John B. Johnston, superinten
dent of the Oakdale plant, was among
the badly injured.
Women Send Aid
At the stations of various communi
ties for If. miles on either side of Oak
dale were assembled women. Red
Cross workers, on their way to Pitts
burg to participate in a monster pa
rade. Abandoning all thoughts of the
parade the- women flocked to the af
flicted area by automobile and by
trolley 1 ?m1 lent valuable aid.
Scarcely one who lived through the
explosion is able to t"9ll a coherent
story of ihT: happening. H. H. Canan,
starter at the plant, was eating his
lunch with others when the first ex
plosion occurred. He escaped with
slight bruises.
"I was sitting with two friends ab.ut
100 feet from th.3 T. fT. T. stock room
when thi blast came" he said. "With
out warning I started up and up un
til I lost consciousness. When I hit
the ground I came to and my two
friends landed about a hundred feet
from me. I got to my feet and was
rurring away wbsn I' passed an in
jured -nan. I put him on my back and
started from the plant when the sec
ond explosion occurred."
Oil DerricksAfire
The explosion hurled burning em
bers in every direction for almost a
mile and oil derricks were set afire,
adding further danger of explosions
and conflagrations. Oil pumping was
stopped and sand was throwu on the
burning dericks to extinguish the
flames.
Residents about Rennersdale. re
port -seeing bodies of men flying
through the air and early tonight irms
and legs were being reported along
the railroad tracks for three-fourths of
a mile from the Aetna plant.
Residents of the neighbor.'ng bor
oughs described the scene as one re
sembling the eruption of a volcano.
Huge eldads of yellowish brown smoke
rose in the air in .dense volume, car-
rylng'with it a suffocating gas tnnvs
that spread over the countryside.
These fumes and those of sulphuric
acid that, thad been released kept off
any one who would attempt to get to
the plant on rescue work.
TrooTWrs of the state constabulaiy
arranged a zone of safety half a mile
from the plant and tonight tho dedly
fumes vere so heavy that no one was
able to approach within that distance.
. Oakdale "Living Hell"
Dr. J. A. Hanna, a Pennsylvania rail
read surgeon in charge of the first ns
lief train which brought the injured to
this city described Oakdale as a "liv
ing hell." He said that when his train
left the ptricken community the flames
were shooting three and four hundred
feet into the air and threatening to
engulf the town. He said his train
had to race through flames to pass tu
unexpiorted tank of T. N. T. Dr. Hanna
said he raw children lying deaa on the
hill sides a mile away.
When the injured began to arrive at
the railroad station in Pittsburg the
Red Cnss procession was at its height
Without waiting to fnish the line of
march 75 registered Red Crows nurses
waiting orders to go to France, left
the line vt march, commandeered first
aid stretchers being carried in the pa
rade an-1 i;roceeded to the station and
the various hospitals.
. Order Town Centua
Coronor. Samuel C. Jamit's.m tonight
ordered a census of the to.vr. in an ef
fort to ascertain the number of per
sons killed. The company opened an
office- r.nd through circular dis'.rib
uted throughout ths valiiv cal'ed on
all survirors to register without delay.
The office will be in charge of J W.
Hoffman, timekeeper at the worts,
who said he had his time sheets in his
Before applying powder give your
skin a protecting coat of
M ARINELLO
Motor Cream
Shields skin against wind and weather.
Prevents tan and minbarn. Keeps skin soft
and velvety. Eliminates cans of most com
plexion defects. Absolutely essential to
Droprr care of facial beauty. Try u
McDonald's Marinello
8hop Phone 805
t( SSL
TODAY
OUR ALLIES IN ACTION PHOTOGRAPHED UNDER THE AUSPICES OF THE FRENCH ARMY
IN 8 REELS
Vc believe these pictures carry a Treat lesson for the American people in shewing what modern warfare
really is. America must stand for principles of right and justice.
Our first line of defense is a great and efficient navy not militarism but a people with real American
patriotism.
SPECIAL MUSIC BY THE ROYAL ORCHESTRA
ADMISSION
jj War Summary
(By Review' leaned Wire)
Nearly three wecfts have passed!
since the German offensive begun n
March 21, died down at its final ac
tive point in futile assaults on the
Flanders front. Every indication,
however, points to the probability that
the coming week will witness its re
newal. The entente allied staffs, so far as
their opinion can be learned, appear
convinced thai the enemy has about
completed his reorganization and read
justment of forces and that he is only
awaiting weather suitable to his pur
poses 10 sirih.e nis m. u.u.
Fair weather tZ,Zr character of Sam Houston, as
bp ttle front, but apparently this is oot . ,.iin, , wi
the German's liking. It is recaleld P'0?1 b , llam Frnum- ln hIs
that he was materially aided in his I Jecklef8; 6",bitiouA re,alisnilf iaa P
drive from St. Quentin in March byIrom h0,!oofk of,b'st7 1 8e f: Tbe
the fojrgy. misty conditions prevailing early incidents of Houston s life his
durlns which enemv masses could bs da'9 among the Indians, and his migra
moved to the point selected for the j "on from Tenn-essee to Texas all an
'oaviest stroke without coming under .facts wall recognized in the story of
r.!i-d aerial observation. ' It may, 1 the Union,
therefore, be the enemy purpose to
await similar conojtions before essay-!
ing his second gret push.
Developments In East . j
German public opinion is bein pre-i
pared by- Chancellor Von Hertling and !
others for the imminence or renewed
heavy fighting.
On the allied side confidence is ex
pressed in the outcome, particularly
with the GGermans crippled in re-
serve power through their losses in
the earlier attack, while tne aiues
have received notable reinforcements
from the United States, which day by
day, is increasing the number of its
men on te Franco-Belgian front. The
total mileage of the front held by
American troos. indeed, is revealed to
be the third greatest, the French
standin? first, the British second and
the Americans exceeding the Belgian
total.
While the rival forces are thus
"oisod for the clash in the west, im
portant developments apeapr to be ira
Dendine in the far east. German ag
gression In Russia has reached a point
where the entente press Is clamoring
for counter measures, and some action
of this nature is apparently about to
be taken, at least so far as the safety
of the peace of the far east and proo
sbly of Siberian integrity are con
cerned. Arrest Sinn Feiner
The action, it is understood, is to be
confined for the present to China and
Japan, who. with entente assent, are
to cooperate in protecting Manchuria
Wltn tne po!iuiuiy inui hit? mc'i'"" "nj 8 00 p m
may be extended into Siberians aj" ' ALLAN KRICHBAUM, Pastor.
more effective defensive measure.
In Great Britain the Irish Question 1 EPISCOPAL CHURCH
acv wf.h the German enemy" on the Pwr and H :00 a m Ued-
nart of certain Irishmen and the mak'
Ing of hundreds of arrests in Ireland.
The persons taken in custody include
the Sinn Fein organizations president,
most of its other leaders and all tho
Sinn Fein members of parliament. The
.nrnn.int rtnaoonr nnnn the Sinn
Fein headquarters and leading person- .'or B. "i: P. IT. 6:45 p m. Group No.
nel was sudden and bold and the 3 will lead Seniors. Evening service
roundine im process was not accom- 7:45. Theme, "Nanman's Cure."
panted bv disorders. Prayer meeting Wednesday 7:45 p.
Sub Sinks Destroyer . m- Presbyterian Mission, Johnson Ad
The hrineini of the cotiscrltloi'i dition. Sunday evening service 8:00
onestion to a head seems likely to re- t. m. Prayer meeting Wednesday
siiH from the (government's action. 8:00 p. m.
and wl'h it mnv come the solution of.. All are cordially invited to attend
the nrohlem as to how far Ireland mav .
be counted nnon to swell the British
man power for the flht against Ger
many either voluntarily or otherwise.
On the water the onlv incident of
note renorted is the sinklne of a Brit
ish destrover hv a tornedo from a
fermnn submarine, two of the crew, of
the British vessel being killed.
hand when the explosion occurred and
In snlte of tho fact that he was blown
throueh his office door he succeeded
in sav'n? them.
A -Mat of mine rescuers from th?
rsenril FtMion cf the Tinted States
liMi-ftct rtf mlnna n.pivod in OnUflalf t iV.
n!eht and eiuiip"d with nxvjren h"l (A. Stone. I'. S. naval reserves, or .Nor-, urim-iium jumes n.nn. iurni.r rrsi
i iets, w ,-e prared to penetrate he , folk. Va.. given up for frowned In the, dent of the Warren district and gradu-
dense n-.i.s of gns which still ovrhuiiK
Hie site or the plant In the search for
1-cdieg.
REVIEW WANT AOS
BRING RESULTS
Continuous From 1 to 10:30
ELISHA MORGAN SSSffyfi
American Relief Clearing House of Paris
THE CONQUEROR TODAY
AT CENTRAL THEATER
If R. A. Walsh were not such a con
servative director, he would have
adopted the tactics which many mak
ers of motion pictures ignorant ly pur
sup and announced in a flaring sub
title to The Conqueror," "Founded on
Fact." Instead of thiB. the William
Fox director went t0 tj,e other ex-
treme and labelled his production.
Founded on Fact."
Not
To :ie accurate, "The Conqueror" at
the Central theater today, has more
. . . . ,h . .
The Churches
CHRISTIAN CHURCH
Fible school, 10 a. m.
Communion and preaching service.
11 a. m.
Yung Peoples' Society Christian
r.roea-.or, p. m
Preaching service, 8 p. m.
Grover C. Linn speaks morning and
evening. Morning theme, "The God
Planned Life." Evening subject, "The
Prodigal Son."
The public ia cordially invited o
come and worship with us.
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE
Informal Christian Science meet
ings are held In Warren every Sunday
at 11:00 a. m. at first cottage south of
the "Y". All are most welcome. Sub
ject for today: "Mortals and Iraraor-
I tals."
PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH
Sunday School 9:45 a. ni. Morning
worship 11:00 a. m. Sermon topic,
"Religion's Responsibility and the
World War."
Evening worship 8:00 p. m. Subject
"The Ruined Churches of France and
Their Message." This subject will be
illustrated with numerous sterioptican
1 ,.,,
prayer meeting
Wednesday, May
nesday choir practice 7:00 p. m.
JACOB M. WHITE, Rector.
FIRST BAPTIST CHURCH
Sunday School 9:45 a. m. Morning
service 11:00 a. m. Theme: "The
History or raomai. junior and ben-
these services.
H. C. COMPTON. Pastor.
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE SOCIETY
Christian Science Society of B.sbee!age the "average man, and the nun.
holds services every Sunday morning
af 1 1 1 S 'n)rfr In tho Wnmnn'a oln h
a " - --
hniMin. nn nniitr in Wpdnpsiinv;
evening testimony meeting
wiv'eV ne .
The public is welcome and Invited
to attend.
Subject for today. "Mortals and Im
mortals.' ENSIGN IS SAVED
WASHINGTON". May IS. Ensicn E."
English cnannei last montn, nas ar-
rived safely in London. With a com-
panlon. Stone clung for 80 hours with-.at Camp Licks, near Fort Aorth, Tex., rific storm swept part of South Oako
out food or drink to the underside of; arrived this morning In tho Warren ta late today, acocrding to fragment
a seaplane pontoon before he was j district from his home in Tucson, ary Information received in the Twin
saved. where lie has been on a furlough to Cities early tonight.
FRANCE"
Balcony 5c - Lower Floor 10c
LYRIC THEATRE
CONTINUOUS FROM 1 TO 11
WILLIAM A. BRADY Presents
Carlyle Blackwell and Evelyn Greeley
IN
"His Royal Highness"
In Five Patrs
The romantic story of an American youth who gin
gers up a stagnant European kingdom and wins a prin
cess for his bride. One of the very best pictures that
Carlyle Blackwell and Evelyn Greeley have ever done
Paramount Arbuckle Comedies Present
ROSCOE FATTY ARBUCKLE in '
"His Wedding Right"
In Two Parts
DON'T FAIL TO SEE
"The
The Itching and Sting
Seems Like the Skin Is on Fire.
There is a harrassing discomfort
caused by Eczema that almost be
comes a torture. The itching is al
most unbearable, and '..be skin seems
on fire with the burning irritation.
A cure from local applications of
salves and ointments is impossible,
because such treatment can only al
lay the pain temporarily. The disease
can only be reached by going deep
down to its source.
The source of Eczema is in the
WILLIAMS. HART IN
THE SILENT MAN WILL
BE FEATURE AT EAGLE
William S. Hart, the foremost por-
trayer if western types, will be seen
in his newest effort, "The Silent Man,"
at tlw Eurle theater today.
This hotoplay made by Thomas H.
Ince for Artcraft. Introduces Hart as
a minor who has his claim "Jumped"
in an original and novel manuer.
Hart'l role in "The Silent Man"
gives him manifold opportunities to
I display his talents as a gun fighter
ja resourceful, tireless, foarless con-
: tender aeainst odds that would discour-
dred!J of thousands of admirers of this
. 4 . ... . . t .
lauious screen siar win revei in me
t, , . ..
!?"" "r"" aurln lne un-
BISBEE YOUTH, NOW
n urn uiniTft urnr
MYhK Ulll HrKr
IL.IUIII I1UIIU lli.HU
"ie i liuhtshj hi niuuiw, nu
an instructor of the aviation school
TODAY
Daughter of the Don"
Monday, May 20
of Blazing, Fiery Eczema
blood, the disease being caused by an
infection which breaks out through
the skin, lhat is why tie most satis
factory treatment for all so-called
skin diseases is S. S. for this rem
edy so thoroughly cleanses the blood
that no imparities can remain. Get a
bottle to-day at any drugstore, and
you will see results from the right
treatment Write for expert medical
advice, which you can get without
cost, by addressing Mdical Director,
21 Swift Laborator., Atlanta. Go.
visit ?or a few days with his sister,
Mrs. T. O. McGrath. of Warren. He is
; en route back to the aviation camp.
Prier.ds of Lieutenant Tons are
proud of his record ln the aviation
corps. Last night he was the guest
of honor at a special-dance riven at
the University of Arizona. While ln
i the Old Pueblo. Tong was honored es
pecially he Is tne only student or tho
school who has qualified for service
in the air.
Lieutenant Tone Joined the aviation
corrs at the Presidio. San Francisco.
ast AaTuat. as draftsman, and entered
the ground school at Urbana 111., at the
at the nlversity or Illinois. November
4, 1917 in February of this year he
eradusted from the ground school with
third highest honors ln a class of 115.
ol which only 25 became aviators
At the Fort w-orth tralninc schoo,
. .-n . ... .
nadian Poyal fivers, instructors at the
hiv.l .,,
scnooi, v; no naa seen actual service at
t trout On receiving his commis-
i !on n Anrll 25. because of his rec
jord. he wss Immediately made an in
'stnictoi. Upon his return to camp, h
has been notified, he will take charge
i, ,
cnires. preparatory 10 starting on
sc
scout d'lty at the front.
STORM HITS DAKOTA
ST.
PAUU Minn.. Mar IS A ter-
' 1 THE BISBEE DAfLY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MAY 19, 1918.
SEVEN
otor
Warrem District:,
M
Mews
0
Arizona's Biggest Ad
ii iiiiwiiiinin mil mil i iimwiii mi p if t0t"mt
ijjgS" ? fe'QaiamMiiuiw mi win iiit:aisaBBi,aiMC!n?iiJwuaJigM'iiw uamaaacMBiiri) '
R00 CHAMPIONS
CLAIM VICTORIES
The first set of Uraender tires ever
used In a race (Indianapolis Speedway
May 30, 1913) established the world's
record for tire endurance. The four
Braenders on Mulford's Mercedes car
ried the heaviest car in the race and
were the only tires that went thru the
entire five hundred miles without a
change. Hyde & Strach are Cochise
county distributors of this champion
tire.
This astounding performance
eclipsed any record of tire endurance
ever made on any track in the world.
There were SS tire chances in this
race.
Afew days later, at Columbus, Mul
ford driving a Mason equipped wit.1
Uraender tires, broke the world's rec
ord for 200 miles by aix minutes. Al-
though subjected to a greater strain
than in their previous victory, the
four Uraender tires completed the race
without a tire change. '
Notwithstanding the 200 mile grind
to victory at Colunibu3, Mulford com
peted in and won two of give races
at Galveston Eeach in the same car
equipped with the same set of Braen
der tires.
Without changing over, Mulford then
competed in races in Sioux City, Min
neapolis, Milwaukee, Detroit and Cin
cinnati, altogether 1,100 gruelling
miles against time on dirt, brick and
board tracks.
Still using the same set of tii'es,
Mulford took second place in the Elgin
national trophy, 301 miles race, Aug
ust 30, 1913; while Anderson, in a
Stutz, won the race on Uraender tires.
Strong and bpeedy, tliene tires es
tablished two world's records and
proved beyond question the depend
able service and durable wear-resisr-ing
qualities built into iiraender tire3.
J'he greatest victory on record was
made by Ralph Dei'alma, at Santa
Monica, February 26, 1914, using
Uraender tire3. DePalma won hii
becond Venderbilt Cup Race of 294
miles in 3:51:41. or at an average
speed of 75.6 milesan hour, without a
tire change.
larney Oldlield's car, also equipped
with Uraender tires, finished second.
Two days later. Defalma, in hiJ
Mercedes, equipped with llw sam; set
nf praeuder tires, won foiirtr place in
Uic 403 24 Mile Gmc" Prix race at an
average speed of 65.5 miles an hour.
This was made possible only because
D i'alma was not required to make a
single tire change.
After 697.24 miles at terrific speed,
snme set of Uraender tires looked
good for another race.
The first set of Braender tires ever
used in a race in Cuba, established a
record for tire endurance. The "Itald."
the heaviest car entered, owned by Dr.
R. C. Goizueta, equipped with Uraeu
der tires, won the race on the dirt
track at the Hippodrome of Marianao,
Cuba, May 20-21, 1916. Dr. Goizueti
and Geo. M. Stevens, driver, enthusias
tically declare Braender tires solely
Grand Canyon Delights Eastern Party in Goodrich-equipped Car
"While Arizona has the Grand Can
yon and other scenic and historic at
tractions without peer, she has other
things to be proud of as well," said
J. J. Bowen, of the Bisbee Garage,
the local Goodrich Tire Dealer.
"As far as the automobile is con
cerned, Arizona is up among the lead
ers for owning machines per capita.
The awakened interest in good roads
6hould do much toward putting her
forward in this respect.
"The state's 1917 copper output is
estimated at two hundred and ten
million dollars, while other Arizona!
metals will aiiu sixty million dollasr
more to the figures . Arizona mines
have a pay roll of over five million
dollars a month.
"Three hundred and forty thousand
peope in the Ftate hold bank deposits
of over seventy million dollars.
"The net 'valuation of the state, as
compiled from abstracts of its four
teen counties for 1917, is estimated at
five hundred and ten million dollars.
"And so ad infinitum. If there is
one thing that can add materially to
this array of prosperity figures, it is
the good road.
' "It is gratifying to the far-sighted ,
citizens of Arizona to see that this
interest has been fully aroused and
Arizona is going forward with road
work. The Touring Bureau of the
Goodrich' Rubber Company has inter
ested itself in the work and is ren
dering every aid possible. This con
sists of logging and mapping the roads
the directions being printed on cards
and distributed free to the motoring
public.
"Our store, which is the Bisbee sta
tion for the Goodrich Touring Bureau,
is always glad to supply information
and road directions free for the asking."
.HALF-SOLE TIRES ,.
' SAVE OLD RUBBER
It is common practice to put a cas
ing over another, doubling up, as it
were. ,
This practice is O. K. when tires
are in worn condition, but poor econo
my when cither tire is in fair condi
tion. There is friction that cannot
be avoided without cementing or vul
canizing same. This friction creates
heat far beyond what the average
man realizes, burns up the rubber and
you lose mare by deteriorization than
you gain. Mr. Main advises wearing
the tire until it shows the fabric, then
doubling up, or better, have Gates
Half Sole tires applied which practi
cally makes ' new- tires. These are
cemented and no chance of friction,
ehminates punctures. A beautiful
new tire at about one-half the price
cf new. There has been no raise in
prices and the International Rubber
Co. are sparing no effort or expense to
make the Gates Half Sole the best
tire buv on the market. Hundreds of
satisfied users in this district testify
to getting the cheapest tire mileage
they ever had.
STETCHER WINNER
- (By Review Leased Wire)
SIOUX CITY, la.. May 18. Joe
Stecherj Nebraska wrestling cham
' pion, tonight defeated Charles Pos
, pishel, the Slavian giant, in straight
falls. The firvt was taken in 13 min-
utes with a head scissors and waist
I lock and the second in 20 minutes
. with a head scissors.
HAS RETURNED.
! County Treasurer H. S. Ross re
j turned home yesteruay from a sev
eral days trip through Graham county
where ne visited every town and ham
!'3t in the Gila valley on a campaign
tour, in the interests of his candid
acy for state treasurer. He report?
the Gila valley as prosperous and that
big crops will be produced there bv
the farmers this year to help in the
winning cf the war, every parcel of
land beinp under cultivation to pro
duce all that is possible to help allevi
ate the food shortage. He is highly
pleased with his trip and received
much encouragement in the county.
m-M 'Mil
CHAMPION
of the Roads
r'ear ago BRAENDER TIRES
made a record for tire endur
ance. That record has been
j maintained by the same careful
selection of men, materials and
I methods. , .
Men, skilled tire makers,
transform fabric and rubber into
i a tire HAND MADE. The
fabric is of long Staple Sea Island
Cotton; selected Para rubber
; combines the fabrics, but tough.
compounded rubber covers the
tread. They are cured the wrapped single curs method.
As the single result of care in the selection of men,
material and methods, a STRONG WIDEWALL,
TOUGH TREAD TIRE is consistently made.
The BRAENDER NON-SKID operelcs from friction
and vacuum principle and so effectively prevents skid
ding. It early earned the name BULL DOG NON
SKID. .
Use BRAENDER TIRES iiTjjr Tmp rn Tir TrYl
plain or non-skid and find 1 11 L I iilL I U I IL I U
HYDE & STRACK
Distributers
Phone 859 JOHNSON ADDITION Auto Supplies
STILL HYSTERICAL.
Word received from Tombstone last
nis'.it at lOfo'clock was to the effe-.t
that Mrs. Kruie James was still in a
hysterical condition and that there
was but very little chance of her bein
taken into court until Monday morn
ing. Should she rocover sufficiently
tomorrow the court could hae her
brought in as the law provides that
the court may receive a verdict on
Sunday. The report from Tombstone
also stated that the jury were getting
tired of their job of sticking around
and nothing to do but sit still in
charge of the bailifT and hold together.
Yesterday a trained nurse was secured
for her and is now in attendance.
Lowe
Motor
Go.
DISTRIBUTORS FOR
Gates Half Sole
TIRES
WHICH ARE STILL SOLD AT THE SAME LOW
PRICES
Gates Quality Tubes
Wagner Motor Renovator
Standard Second Tires
HAVE YOUR WHEELS TESTED FOR ALIGN
MENTFREE OF CHARGE AT
Lowe
loior
OPPOSITE CENTRAL THEATRE
LOWELL
responsible fr.r the victory. In spite
of the rough usage, tliey advise us the
lour liiu.iuer tires were in perfect
condition :;tler the race. '
Back cf these remarkable records
of racing xii-iories. demonstrating be
yond quest io:i of doubt the absolute
quality of iiiaunder tires, is the man
ufacturer that knows the requirements
of the automobile public and meet
those requirements.
Safe, strong, speedy; Braender tires
are dependable on track or road. A
strong side wall, a tough wear-resist
ing tread, built into a complete tire by
the wrapped tread single cure process,
prcduce a quality tire equal to every
emergency. Hyde & Strock, county
distributors.
NOTICE
In order to al!ay ny misund
standing that might exist, the circula
tion department of the rtisbee Daily
Review desires to make this statement.
That all Subscription accounts should
be paid direct to the office on Main
street. Some of our subscribers wait
for the carriers to collect every month,
not knowing of the new arrangements
that went into effect last summer.
When the accounts are paid at tb
office the chance of error is reduced to
a minimum.
The bills are now made out from the
first of one month to the first of the
next month. This is for the mu
reason. The bill for any month'!
paper is due upon presentation which
will be between the fifth and the fif
teenth of the month. This is not
strictly in advance as the month is
usually nearly half gone before the
bill is presented. We do not wish to
create the impression that no money
should be paid to the carrier. He is
authorized to collect all accounts that
have not been paid at the office by the
L'3rd of the month.
If you are not getting 100 per cent
service we want to know about it. I-et
us know your troubles and we wi'l
correct them. We want you to get
The Review every day it is published
and before breakfast.
Ctttw ' ' a fZitir h
As Light Goes Through Glass
Jus: as light rays penetrats through glass, so
current passes freely through Threaded Rubber
nsalation. Nearly 200,000 tiny threads in each
i-isulatcr mark the path for the current flow.
The hard rubber stands guard against the
formation of short circuits between battery
plates.
There's another reason why the Still Better
Willard Battery with Threaded Rubber Insula
tion is worth so much snore than its slightly
higher cost. It's the one and only battery with
the "Bone Dry" principle that is your absolute
assurance of getting a battery as new as the day
it left the factory.
LOHMAN & WRIGHT
Central Theatre Building - - Lowell
II. m li MfcigT'lff m I nun mr-f -l fan
TURKS KILL JEWS
(Hy Review Leased Wire)
! TJIfc" IIAUUi:. May .18 Reports of
,a fresh outbreak of Turkish atrocities
J on the Jews in Palestine have received
; confirmation according to the official
bureau. '
r
STANDARD MAKES
NEW, CLEAN, FRESH STOCK
NOTE THESE PRICES:
C
30x3
30x32
32X3V2
31x4
33x4
34x4
35x4y2
3Cx42
37x5
Plain
$ 9.90
$15.00
$17.00
$18.00
$25.00
$24.50
$33.70
$35.91
$40.50
Ncn-skid
$11.80
$16.25
$19.00
$19.80
$2400
$26.00
$37.65
$40.25
$48.55
Qrey
$2.45
$3.00
$3.05
$3.50
$3.90
$4.C0
$5.00
$5.15
$5.30
Tubes
Red
$2.70
$3.30
' $3.43
$3.20
$4.30
$4.45
$5.50
$5.55
$5.75
IT'S REAL ECONOMY BUYING TIRES AT
Douglas Cut Rate Tire Depot
DOUGLAS, ARIZ.
1182 1 Ave. Phone 295
TWO
CARLOADS
OF
1918B
USCKS
Have Just Arrived Direct From the Factory
These Gars Are Now on display at Our Lowell Sales Room
EUICK LIGHT FOUR . $ 945
BUICK LIGHT SIX . . . $1450
BUICK SEVEN PASSENGER, $1690
ALL PRICES F. O. B. BISBEE
American is facing a motor car shortage, so you had better take
the advice of automobile authorities and order your car now if you are
expecting to buy in the near future. The Duick valve'-in-the-head
motor car is America's favorite and we are now able to make iminedi
ate delivery on all models. Women especially are invited to phone for
a demonstration as the Buick is driven by thousands of feminine mo
torists.
Southern Arizona Auto Co.
PHCNE 833
MAIN STREET
LOWELL THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW. SUNDAY MORNING, MAY 19, 1918.
City Briefs 1
.1
Has anyone visited you? Or
have you entertained? K so, call
-- ihe Review after 6 p. m. and tell
the Society Editor, Phone 39.
TO LONG BEACH.
Miss Mayme Lamore has gone to
Long Beat h, Cal., where she will spend
the summer months on a visit to h.r
sister.
SHOWS TODAY START 1-3-57 AND 9 O'CLOCK
ri
'V
i
xtraordinary
V 1
iir
n
MAKES HOME HERE.
B. L. Siygley, from Tennessee with
in the i'i-ft week, will make thi.i dis
trict his home. He has takei a posi
tion with the J. C. Penny stoi-e
WM
p
v
EIGHT
'..y'WTU .ijipi ii. ui lwh. ..ill ' ' : j, . u. .1 mwnKi'-,--
:ini:ininniiHiiiiiiiti
CENTRAL
THEATRE
HI Mill I1IM Mil II II llll 1 1 II lit iL Itl I If II I ' ' MTM' ' "tMlliMIUIIIIIMIfflli"". jfj . I
4
a i n
acfioo
n no a
ox
WAS IN TOMBSTONE.
Attorney Edward Flanigan was ill
Tombstone yesterday on business be
fore the superior court.
ILL IN WARREN.
The mrny friends of Mrs. W. H. Mol
romb will regret to learn that she is
confined to her home in W'ancn with
an attacx of la grippe and hope for her
speedy recovery.
WILL MtET WEDNESDAY.
The St. John's Guild of the Episco
pal chuich will meet with Mrs. Mc
Oker in the blue room of the Y. M. C.
A. on next Wednesday. May 22 at 2:30
p. m.
FOR CALIFORNIA.
A. M. Kothenberger and wife of War
ren will leave in the morning in their
Studebaktr car for California where
they will remain for the next month
on a pleasure trip.
TO BE CARRIED.
Miss C'r.llctt Wald has gone to Lead
ville, CdIo.. where she is to be married
soon to Edward Connolley, who was a
former resident of this district.
RECEIVES PATENT.
, Hazard & Miller, the pioneer patent
agency r,f Los Angeles has received by
wire from Washington notice of the
issuance of a patent to Alba D. Reese
of this citj for a registering device.
r
X
E
WILLI Am V4
T
"-ft.
PRESENTS
A WONDERFUL PORTRAYAL OF EARLY TEXiS HISTORY WITH
w
!4
zsan
'i
AS GENERAL SAM HOUSTON IN THE SUPEP PRODUCTION
WI 1 xJ7.
raft 59
-.- .... jA .. J
A WONDERFUL, GRIPPING DRAMA PICTURING THE CAREER OF GENERAL
SAM HOUSTON AND EPISODES OF THE MEXICAN WAR.
A THRILLING STORY OF THE EARLY DAYS IN THE STATE OF TEXAS.
A RED BLOODED
ACTOR IN A RED
BLOODED PLAY.
A TITANIC
DRAMA OF AMERI
CAN HISTORY.
STAGED BY R. A.
WALSH, THE MAN
WHO STAGED THE
HONOR SYSTEM AND
THE BIG BATTLE
SCENES IN
THE BIRTH OF A NA-
TiCN
An extraordinary attraction with no advance in admission
Ii iJJM Admission: Children 15c, Adults 25c
: . y
and was iu good condition for a speedy
recovery.
THROUGH TO PHOENIX.
James Boyle, the Douglas city at- UNDELIVERED TELEGRAMS:
torney, vas in the city yesterday on Messages for the following named
his way to Phoenix. He was w ith 1). j persons are at the Western Union tel
C. O'Xeill and his wife. Mr. O'Neill graph office for want of a better ad
is on his way to Phoenix to attend the are3s: Barney Frienda, Dan Hocker,
special bf ssion of the legislature .vhich L- B. Kirkland. Verner Robinson, Mrs.
convenes reext Tuesday.
TO VISIT FAMILY.
William C- Reed of the Cochise
Lumber company left last night on the
Golden State Limited for Los Angeles
where he will spend a few weeks on
a visit with his family.
Charlie Ross,
T. C. Short,
Jewel.
Ieonard J. Henderson,
D. M. Wagner, M. A.
WAS IN CITY.
J. J. Newell, constable of the Naco
precinct, on th border, was Jn the
city yesterday on a short visit, while
on his v.ay to Tombstone, where lie
had business with the sheriffs office.
BEEN FROMOTED.
Word has been received here from
Camp Kearney that Alfred Humphries
has been promoted to the position of
sergeant. He is the son of Ike Humph
ries and wife of Warren. His many ;
friends in this district will be pleased
to learn of his advancement.
AS JU.tORS.
H. S. Wallace and Henry Wirtz w ill
leave Monday morning fa." Tombstone
where thr'y go to serve as '.ru jurors
in the Superior court.
FROM RANCH.
Al. .Stevenson and family were in
the city yesterday from their ranch
in Dixie Canyon on a short shopping
trip. "lr. Stevenson states .ht the
range is rapidly drying up and that
rain is hr.iily needed.
WAS IN CITY.
John Gleeson, the prominent min
ing man of Gleeson and who also nas
extensive cattle interests in the north
ern part of Cochise county and the
southern part of Graham county, was
in the city yesterday shaking hands
with hi:i many friends.
FROM TOMBSTONE.
H. M. Eckerman, the Tombstone
lumber dealer was in the city yester
day to see hi new son that arrived
at the Maternity home a few days
ago. He took the youngster and his
mother back to their home in the
county seat.
OPERATED ON.
Tom W. McGuire, shaft boss at the
Lowell i.i ;ne, resident of the Johnson
Addition, who was operated cn yesfer
day moil ing at the C. & A. hospital
for serious disorders, last night had
rallied from tba effects of th-j knife
MEET EVERY TUESDAY. i
The Ladies of the Christian Church
will meeu at the church every Tues- I
day froai 10 to 5 o'clock to sew for '
the Red Cross. Everyone is welcome.
Those present the past week were Mrs.
John Chain, Mrs. 1. W. Wallace, Mrs.
Frazier, Mrs. Ahles. Mrs. Ruff and
Mrs. M. Blunt.
WERE FINED.
The colored woman and her friend
who were arrested by the police olt'i
cers in I'pper Brewery Gulch on Fri
day night, were yesterday fined iu the
court before Judge Thomas. The wom
an was fined $50 or 5J days and !ha
man fined $25.
TODAY
and Monday
and ftlonday
AFTER COVES.
The ruling of the state game war
den that does and white wings could
be killed led a number or the War
len sportsmen to unpack their hot
guns and hike to the valleys after the
birds which arc said to be numerous
and are after the grain crops. Quite
a number went out last night and other
sportsmen will go today. Doves and
white wings are said to be very plenti
ful in the San Pedro valley.
NOTHING DOING HERE.
The Southern Pacific and Santa Fe
railroad companies at Phoenix have
both announced reduced rates to the
coast from Phoenix as is the usual
rustoiu but so far the E. P. & S. W.
has made no announcement. Inquiry
r-l th-? office y?sterday in resard to the
nxtter met with the reply that the
general passenger agent had issued no
Orpheum Theatre
Today
Continuous from 1 to 1 1
Today
THE GENERAL FILM CO. Presents
HELEN MARTEN, FLORENCE HACKETT and
HENRY J. SEDLEY
IN
"The Moth
er
eiaw"
A SEVEN,ACT DRAMA OF PROTECTING LOVE
ADMISSION 10 AND 15 CTS.
CONTINUOUS FROM 1 TO 11
ITS A MP W ONF
it : ! 4 U i-K
and an Artcraft Production V V, ; 7v
fiev Thos. H.- Ince I Wf "
I .":-.: 1 Pnts " 'fe -'" , i i
MT: CI J H xrnf' n
WM.b.nART V 3 . H N if U -TTafeJ The Clit MarT
r
IN
SentM
99
sum
"THE SILENT MAN" IS THE MOST ABSORBING, SFECTACUL AR AND THRILLING VEHICLE HART HAS EVER APPEARED
IN THE RECKLESS AND DEATH DEFYING FEATS HE PERFORMS ECLIPSE ANYTHING HE HAS PREVIOUSLY DONE.
SO DONT MISS IT AND DON'T FORGET IT'S A NEW ONE ALSO MUTT AND JEFF COMEDY
ADMISSION Matinee, 15c, Night, 15 and 25 Cents
instructions in the matter of the usual
summer rates.
tered.
PAINTING UP.
1'olntt.ra n r a at ix-i rlr nn n number
. . LI... I,. Ai,n -. 71 (I I
are making a decided improvement in
the appearance of the buildings. The
movement niight wll be followed by
a number cf oibers. The Allen block
is receiving a coat of green. The J.
C. Penny Stores received a coat of
yellow while other stores on Main
street received coats of paint cf
various colors.
DIED IN PHOENIX.
Word was reeclved here yesterday
that John Lyons, the old time miliar,
had died in that city yesterday from
miner's consumption from which he
had been a sufferer for some time. He
left here last January for that city
in hopes that the change of clinule
would do him good. lie regained
some strength at first but lor the past
few months has been rapidly failing.
His many friends here will regret to
hear of his death.
! months on a honeymoon trip in South
j ern California, they will return here
! to make their futuie home.
Jreadin? f r life chart from Mrs. Lump- return, I hereby give public notice that
kin. Li;;ht on any subject by clairvoy- 1 1 will not be responsible for any debts
lance. If sick, a free diognosis. If in j that are contracted by her In my
WAS IN CITY.
Live Stock Inspector Porter McDon
ald was r. the city yesterday from his
headquarters in Tombstone, on a trip I
connected with his position. He was I
checking up the hides of the cattle !
that hae been slaughtered in the dis-1
trict in the past few weeks. He re
ports Tombstone as being quite lively
at the i resent time as court is in
session.
MANY REGISTER.
At the office of Coimty, Recorder
Kay B. Krebs, it was announced yes
terday that between 1500 and 2000
voters have registered for the! stste
and county elections, since the reg
istration books opened on May (!th.
It is expected that by the end of the
week when all registration officers
send in their blanks for the past week,
that over 3000 will have been regis-
MUST HAVE MEANT IT.
Down in Kentucky a colored evang-.
elist In opening a series of revival
niectii:;;s offered a brief but fervent
prayer, concluding with Hue words:
"And now, O Lord, we ask Ther. to
bless Thay servants, the President o'
the United States, the King of Eng
land an 1 the President of i-'mn.-e, hut
exceuse me, God, to hell with the
Kaiser.' Even Hilly Sunday could do
no better. At any rate the audience
cheered, which Is more than they do
for most preachers' prayers.
I
; NARROW ESCAPE.
Mrs. Ed. Tovrea had a narrow es
j cape a U w days ago from being hit
: by a stray bullet. She was driving
! toward I.cwell in her car from Warren
; and hi.l reached a point near the
jllakervil! Hotel when she heard the
I cracking of glass, she looked down and
I there in front of her in the wind
' shield was a hole that had been niado
j by a bullet. The bullet past wit'v
i in a foot of her. An examination of
J the machine failed to locate the bullet,
so it is i robable that It went above the
I seat. The officers are of the opinion
! that it was a stray shot as no one in
the locality had heard the report.
j trouble best advice. Locates mineral, j name.
(First house south of bridge between' (signed)
Johnson Addition and Lowell Adv. 'Adv.
O. K. SMITH
Cut flowers at Megedes
store, Lowell. Phone 430.
Jewelry
Adv.
UNDER NEW MANAGEMENT
i The Ozark boarding and rooming
house, 71 Brewery Culch. Adv. 161
j ROCKHILL'S STAGE
I Blsbee-Tombstone, Leaves Plsbee
Blsbea Auto Co., 7 a. m, 1:30 p. m. 7
Phone Bis bee 6. Adv.
Pr. Playfalr. Osteopath. 58 Mason
Hill, Mason car stop. Phone Blue M7.
Adv. 221
DANCE.
C & A. Band Dance. Warren Park,
! Wednesday and Saturday. Admrots- j
' slon fO cents. Ladles free. Adv. 740,
i ,
i MATERNITY HOME. '
Call Black 573 for terms, etc.
Advertisemer.t-974 i
Business Locals
Order your Decoration Day flowers
earlv to avoid being disappointed. O.
J. Ellis. Adv.
ORDER YOUR FLOWERS
for Decoration Day at Megede Jewelry
Store. Lowell, phone 430. Adv
MARRIED IN LOS ANGELES,
Jack Keane, who has been employed
as watchman by the Copper Queen
company for some time, and Miss
Erma Hopan, who was until recently Phone red 84S
employed at the Fair Store, were mar
ried in Ixs Anprles on Thursday ac
cording to advices received here yes
terday. After spending a couple of stand tiiy gifts and talonts. (Jet a
L. I Gilman sells th3 New Edtson.
"the phonograph with a soul."
F. W. Dannelley, brlcK contractor;
hauling fi nd. gravel, dirt a spciiUy.
1
j KNOW THY SELF
i Wort a thousands of dollars to under-1
SIGNS
! C. J. BRANDT " !
Box 150. Phone 456
i i i t i
TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN i
Bisbee. Ariz., May 3. 1918.
I Vy wife, Nellie M. Smith, having
'left my bed and board and refusing to i
NOTICE
Owing to rumors having been cir
culated through the city that certain
candidates on the Citizens' Non partis
lan city ticket, were intending to r
sign if elected and seek appointive
offices iu the city, we desire to an
nounce, that none of. the undersigned
are desirous of. and will not accent
an appointive office in the city of Pis
bee under any conditions.
JACOB ERtCKSON.
Mayor.
LEE JOVANOVICH.
Councilman.
. C. A. McDONALD.
Councilman.
C. W. HICKS.
Councilman.
I. A. ItOSOK.
Councilman.
N. C. BLEDSOE.
Councilman.
B. T. W ATKINS,
Councilman. y
lite
MINING
i SOCIETY
I SECTION j
SECTION g
, 8
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
MINES, MINING, LOCAL STOCKS AND COPPER
VOL 20. No. 294.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MAY 19, 1918.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
i
I
i
ARIZONA COPPER
HAS HIGH RECORD
COMPARISONS
In spite of the fact tJiat the copper
companies are making fairly good
earnings on 23 14 cent copper, with the
exception of one or two issues the
stocks have been verv dead and dis
appointing. Of late Inspiration has
been about the only copper which has
shown any activity and strength and
yet after a rise of about 14 points the
stock is still selling at a higher In
vestment return than either Calumet
& Arizona or Chino. And the cost
per pound of producing topper by tfie
Inspiration is somewhat lower than
either of the others. This also in the
face of the small production cf the
company last year brought about by
the strike, an adversity which did not
reach either of the others.
Had there been no strike last year
Inspiration would have produced 120-
O00.000 pounds of copper as against
80,500,000 actually mined. This was
not much under the Chino output and
18.000,000 pounds larger than C & A.
It cost Inspiration last year 10.44
cents to produce as against 12.79
cents for Chino and 13 cents for Cal
umet &. Arizona. With this cost the
earnings per share of Inspiration were
$9.37; for Chino. $10.93, and $10.32 for
Calumet & Arizona. At 69 Calumet &
Arizona earned 15r on the market
price: Chino at 42. 26 and Inspira
tion IS',, at 52. But the fact should
not be lost sight of that Inspiration
did not operate at capacity last year.
' Calumet & Arizona owns 919,321
shra res. or 65.4C4 of the capital stock
and $3,100,000 out of $4,000,000 bonds
of the New Cornelia Copper Company,
which at present has a market valua
tion of $20.S98,457, or $32.53 a share
on Calumet & Arizona stock. Last
year, on a production of 19,4S1,191 lbs.
of copper. New Cornelia earned $726,
410, or $32c. a share. Production is
now running at the rate of 50,000,000
pounds a year. The company is esti
mated to have ore reserves sufficient
for 25 years.
Inspiration was able to earn 13.67r
over its dividend requirements dur
ing 1917, when operations in the last
half of the year were cut to 12 of
capacity. Production during that peri
od amounted to only 12.750.000 lbs..
or a little ever the output of the one
month cf Mav. This compares with
Chino's margin of 10.4',; over divi
dend payments in a year when pro
duction was running at better than
normal. Calumet & Arizona failed to
earn its dividend on a very nearly nor
mal output. Inspiration costs are the
lowest and its federal taxes are esti
mated as lower than the others. Net
current assats of $12.25 a share ex
ceed those of Chino and Calumet &
Arizona and at present prices Inspira
tion yields a larger return. This com
pany is the only one which was not
forced to reduce its dividend and it
Is believed that this rate will be main
tained for some time as production is
now back to normal and should show
a monthly total of between 10,000,000
and 11.000,000 pounds.
On the other hand. Calumet & Ari
zona's raje of production is decreas
ing, which, with its higher costs and
the lower price of copper now pre
vailing, will tend to lower the earn
ings. This, of course, may be offset
by a dividend from its New Cornelia
stock in case production comes up to
expectations at that property. The
latter company, however, has $3,330
000 of notes payable, which will have
to be considered before dividends are
paid.
LACK OF MANGANESE
THREATENS INDUSTRY
Steel makers are alarmed lest the
supply of ferro-manganese In the next
four or five months will prove entire
ly inadequate to the needs of the in
dustry. At this critical time a short
age cf manganese which is absolutely
essential in making steel, would prove
disastrous to the war program. To
insure a production of 42.000.000 tons
of steel ingots a year, a monthly sup
ply or 28.000 tons of ferro-manganese
is required.
An executive conference was held
between the ferro-alloys committee ot
the Iron & Steel Institute, of which
James A. Farrell, president . of the
I'nited States Steel corporation, is
chairman, and Washington authori
fties represented by a member of the
shipping board and an official from
the war industries board. The insti
tute committee expressed the opinion
that it was essential to have a larger
supply of Brazilian ore made availa
ble through the release by the ship
ping board of a larger ship tonnage
to serve the South American trade. It
is understood that government offi
cials took the recommendations of the
steel manufacturers under advisement
and the result of their deliberation!!
will probably b given out at Wash-'pany,
ington in the not few days.
At a recent hearing before the house
committee on mines and
mining on
a
IN JJ
1111 iiihiiiihi iiiii iitiM tnrar
I M Mil ll H l'l III I 1M Hl'l I
the Foster bill, Bernard M. Baruch,:
chairman of the war industries board.
import manganese into the I'nited
States at the present time except un
der license through a committee oft
the Iron & Steel institute, "and there
is presiding over that committee a
chairman who is picked out by me, a 1
man no in the business, who pre-'
scribes the rules and regulations..
keeps account of all the manganese
itnnnptail tlia npiroo naiH fi It nnrl
who brings it in. thus assuring a tairlChino valley district, and indications
distribution to the industry which is "?, P'n .t?1at'ea"t a. f,,f,vf'f,,J'
in now! r it i th tim." wi(h I gamble that oil will be struck. The
imports cut off. however, Uiere will.tale of In? ey will be told inside
be small need for licenses. I the "ext ?,xty davs' K J- (.rot"-
C. K. Leitch. chairman of the com-1 who has Just "turned from an inspec
mittee on mineral Imports of the ship-1" of every property in the district,
ping and war trade boards, told the fsterdav Mr. Crouch reported on his
house committee that by increasing, tr,l as follows:
domestic production of manganese! "If you don't think there Is activity
i.-Aa ntnnlncr frnm tn Aft nor .fnt pnine- on in the Phinn fiflil vnn wnnt
and counting upon some production i
from Central America and a doubling
of the output in Cuba, it would be I
possible to cut the importations from .
Brazil nearly in half and that he was, place on tne streets and in the lobbies ,w"n me acuvny mat was going on. ;
about to make that recommendation, i of the hotels consists of nothing but! They ere working 24 hours a day and j
The steel manufacturers, however, j oil, and every man. women and child ore bringing in oil and gas in every j
take a different view. Their attitude 'in the city of Prescott owns stock In shift.
liaving been explained to the govern- j some of the companies. j "From there we started back to!
ment. they are now hopeful that Bra- "I rode out in the automobile to the, Prescott. but a short distance from I
zilian ore importations will not be fields the next morning. The first ' the well I encountered .Mr. Mcl.ellan,i
cut off to the extent contemplated by ' well that I visited was Hleest's old manager of the I'nited Chino. I rode
government officials.
TO PENALIZE DEALERS
(By Review leased Wire)
NEW YORK, May 18. Dealers in
foodstuffs who do business with firms
rot holding food administration ii- j
censes will be penalized, the federal I
food board announced tonight. !
In accordance with this decision the :
I board aas summoned to appear Before
j It representatives of Armour and Com -
Swift and Company, an-
eral othe wholesalers to answer the
charges of having sold to unlicensed
dealers.
BAT
TO
.JUL-
MTOCrw tw MM'jmm: NaHR;rrv -3kt.4
AA An DDnODrPTO IM
UJUU I liUwrLU I U III
, CHINO DISTRICT IS
REPORT OF VISITOR
1 Everything in Yavapai county
centered about the oil boom in
is
the
gamble that oil will be struck." The!0'1 company's well. I met Mr. Beck
to 9ke a trip up and see for yourself
as I have.
"Arriving in Prescott. I noticed the
only conversation that was taking(
well. A number or men were busily, back with him in an automobile to the AMSThKl). M, .May l.v uniy !.!;
! engaged overhauling the old machin-; well. He took me over the hill a tons of train have arrived in Cerniany
1 erv and getting the rig In shape to short distant e and showed me the gas ; from tin Ukraine." says the Koclni
i start active drilling. Thev moved the blows nl also the rrark in thp nnti- sch" V )lks Zcitung. a copy of which
'derrick about 50 feet from the old
hole. Th's was done on account ot
' the loss of this well by not shutting
cff the water at the proper time, over
nine years ago. I bad a talk with Mr.
Heslett and a Mr. Coover who was
one of the tool-dressers who assisted
in putting down the old well. Both of
! these men were absolutely emphatic
1 in their statement that the oil and gas
sev-jwere ilscovered in this old well nine
years sgo. .
I "From the old Heslett well 1 went
to the Home Oil Company about 11
tj j . n 11 m 1 mm m
1 I
i mile and a quarter directly east. Kereied Itself and scon broke and spread
; I noticed considerable activity. They j over a surface of about 3 inches in
i had spudding in the day before and ' diameter. There were literally thou
. were down about 25 feet at the time sands of these bubbles and drops of
iof my visit. I understand that they oil. On the last hailer. Mr. McLeilan
j are now down over 100 feet. They Iliad the driller deposit a quantity of
jare drilling in a soft shale formation j same in a 5-gallon bucket which
and naturnllv will make very Tast' showed when thoroughly settled, ap
J headway. TJieir equipment is of the j proximately o', of fine paraffin base
: best and they have ample housing fa-1 oil.
icillties for all workmen. A trip to I "I was more than surprised in see-
this company's property impresses j ing such a showing. While knowing
lone that tlicy mean business. ; that they have had oil for "-- l-'o
"From there I went to the Arizona 1
and two sens who are driiling a water
n
! well. They were then down 185 feet
with this water well and were actively ! lv o gooa aciuauy eisieu Bl
engaged making further progress. I well . ,
.. ... V ' la I'-J" conversation with the head
r, ,FJ??m "l? Arizona Oil I went to theldriHer ne va9 very emphatic in his
IelRio. These people are located on j gtatement ,hR, tne Vnited cllino
the Ritter anticline. They have an S4:would brinK ,n a ,arge wel, ln com.
foot standard derrick, engine house I ,,., ,!,, ,. as nor-
and "" l'""". etc and are
, waiting for their machinery.
"From there. I visited the
I'nited
China Oil Company, and was struck1
cline. In the gas blows the tas could
be faintly smelted upon breaking op-
en the limestone.
, "From there we went bark to the
well and were Just in time to see
them hail out the well. When the
bailer was raised to the surface and
dumped in snillwav. 1 was attracted
by thousands of gas hubbies which
looked like charged water. Each and
every bubble had a black spot in the'
center that resembled an eye. When
the bubbles burst. I noticed the eve
was a large drop of oil which deposit-j
feet. I did not expect tney Had any
thing like this showing. I was inform-
!ed bv Mr- M' Lellan that all reports
1 " rnn ilia ffifA 'A(a nnar
sent out from the office were not near
nowous formation was encountered.
! "After seeing this gas and oil and
: talking to the various men who know
all about the oil business, I came to
the conclusion, like an oil man witn
whom I was talking in Prescott. that
tJie I'nited Chino is not a gamble but
!a cinch."
GRAIN COMES SLOWLY
n- Review wir
has bevi received here. "This is less
than one fiftieth of what we ought to
have h i 1 by now the newsp iper adds
GERMAN DISMISSED
BERKKLKV. Calif.. May 18. Pr.
1 Herman Julius Weher. assistant rr-
fessor of German in the I'niversity
of California, was dismissed from the
faculty today. The cause of dismiss-
al. it was announced, was "in general.
an unsatisfactory attitude toward the
present war.
Freight Rate Advance
Injected Into Copper
Price Fixation Cases
With Operating Conditions in State Better Than in Past
Year, Nevy Elenient of Concern Crops Up for Consid
eration; Higher Railroad Costs Mean Greater Expense
for Production of Metal.
The middle of the month witnesses operating conditions In the copper
industry throughout Arizona in better general form than since a year ago.
Harring retarding influences, the Industry Is safely headed toward highest
production and the greatest cooperative endeavor between operators and
operatives in the history of the state.
HIGHER FREIGHT RATES
A new element introduced in calculations, however, and one which is
certain of causing considerable concern, is the proposed Increase in freight
rates throughout the country. The 25'r advance which is contemplated
would mean the adding of material
copper. The producer of metal, would pay heavily on all of his great varietv
of supplies, oil, coke, coal, timbers, steel, equipment and general supplies as
well as on the outgoing 75.000,0u0 or more pounds of copper which he is
obliged to haul across the continent
It is considered fortunate that this
for the fixing of the price of the metal
AN ARRAY OF HIGHER COSTS
WltJi addition of the proposed higher freight rates the increased costs
the copper producers are confronting is made decidedly formidable. The
talked of advance of a cenfand a half on the price of the metal becomes
negligible as an offset. What would provide an effective offset Is yet up to
the accounting departments. They will have to add 25'. to ail their freight
bills as a starter and' then ajdd the Increase in wages which it is desired to
make and which it is expected will
add the increased charge for refining
have coming to them as a matter of
add the increase ln price of fuel and
right along.
THE SMALLER OPERATOR
The tribulations of the large operator in these matters are equally those
of the small operator, and witheven greater force, while the developing
concern carries the heaviest load cf all. for it has nothing et all coming in
with which to offset its expenses. Development was never more uecessary.
The low price of metal has compelled depletion of reserves out of the ordi
nary proportion to the opening of new
the metal are increasing, and will continue to do so until the end of hos-ih-
tles, and it is urgent that more reserves be established. The encourasement
of assurance of a profitable prire for the metal for small as well a larg-
producers over an extended period is therefore looked upon as most essential
and is a poiut that the War Industries Hoard will doubtless give weight in
much measure In fixing the new price.
MUCH NORTHERN
While the Verde district holds the
of individual operators engaged in putting down new workings, developing
in unproven but promising areas, it has no monopoly on this kind of business.
Rather, it has set the pace for a great deal of the same manner of investment
and endeavor In other districts. The
and established in the Verde district work is that depth is essential. Finding
of promising kind may be secured, and are found, in the comparatively shal
low development but to cet a mine
great deal of money. Gadsden. Verde
notably opening their purses to attain
is going 200 feet further at once to
engineers figured In the beginning
xepioration of the country could be
IN OUTLYING
In the Yeager canyon mine of the
reported that findings attending the
expectations. They had a good deal of work to da at this mine before getting
in shape to crowd along expeditiously with the development campaign mapped
out for it. and all the preliminary steps have not yet been concluded. In the
Mayer district there has been much
very promising things are reported from that country. In the mines of Con
solidated Arizona Smelting the bl things discovered in the last several
months at depth are growing steadily
ment to the belief that another great deep mining camp is coming in there.
From the new Cuprite country and from several other outlying districts of
less prominence there is reliable word
of rapidly increasing interest.
NEW RESOURCES AVAILABLE
In every respect the situation Is one that gives confidence to those who
believe that there are as big fish in the
feel to be essential is a price for metal that will warrant the high expense
they are under in searching for It. and in getting it out and marketing it
after found. The labor situation is
to price, which all operators are desirous of meeting. Agitators are not
wholly lacking, but they are in far less number and at t'lis time without
power. Realization Is general of the country's need of all of its labor at full
efficiency and workingmen are earnestly answering the call, with no ear
for the disturber.
Notwithstanding the radical element in labor is in less favor and in
weaker position for the attainment of results than ever before in the state,
it is still a fact that the radicals have not ceased endeavors to make disaf
fection and attain trouble of the kind that would please Germany most That
Is what they would attain if they should manage to repeat this summer with
increase to the cost of each pound of
each month to the eastern refineries.
matter comes up in advance of the date
succeeding June first.
be granted. On top of that they will
which it is admitted the refineries
justice. Then they can go further an
essential supplies which is keeping
country. Meantime war demands for
DEVELOPMENT
lead in th state in point of nuniler
principal thing that has been borne in
depth must be made. Depth costs a
Combination. Green Monster are now
depth. Gadsden had good depth hut
the 1200 level, which is the zone the
that they would have to reach before
economically undertaken.
DISTRICTS
Shannon Copper Co. interests it is
development work are measuring up to
Increased activity recently and some
in extent and giving much encourage
of good results being obtained and
sea as have been taken out. All Uiey
no longer a disturbinj factor except as
1
t
i TWO
THE BLSBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MAY 19, 1918.
FREIGHT RATE
ADVANCE
INTO COPPER
strikes such as they brought last year'
Here in Arizona in the midst of the
copper production there is not the re
alization of the vast importance of
the industry from the war standpoint
that there is elsewhere. Things, any, I
how, look bigger at a distance. But'
the cold truth is that Arizona is now
producing at the rate of nearly half of
all the copper made on the American
rrntinent. For more than a year there
has been an actual shortage of cop
per. Non-essential industries havei
not been able to get awards of. the
metal. Despite this, the copper pro
ducers distributing committee has
been hard put to it from week to week
to get enough copper to supply the
needs of the consumers working on
government contracts and who must
have their metal before all others.
Should the Arizona production, half of
all that the distributors of the metal
have available, be cut in two during
any month of the present year it
migfet be a vital blow to the army or
the navy. So it is reasonable to pre
sume that German Interest in disturb- j
ance in Arizona, or in any plan that
might cripple its metal output, is will
ing to go any length to gain its point
Literature Circulates
That this is true and that it is be
ing put into practice is indicated by
new I. W. W. literature which has;
come into circulation and is being
passed around in the various mining I
districts. It calls upon the workers V
to join the I. W. W. and to abolish
the wage system, substituting there
for the ownership of the properties in
which wages are now earned, which,
of course, means seizure. Such in
citement to violence was common
enough a year ago but appears as dar
ing under the changed conditions that
have come about. The new literature
has been issued since a visit paid to)
uie state Dy tne neaa 01 me nicago
publicity organization of the I. W. W.
as it now stands, and since indict
ments were brought against Bisbee !
citizens who conducted the deporta
tions of a year ago. It is said to be
muicaiea uy liw new uicniuiic b mir
pearance that I. W. W. plans for the
calling of general strikes in the coun
try immediately at the close of the
Chicago trials, regardless of the . re
sult of the latter, is to be attempted.
I. W. W. Not Dead .
The I. W. V. organization, though
less effective at the immediate time
than ever before, is far from dead and
civea cause for unabated alertness. It
PRICE
is of knowledge that membership so-iPerous is indisputably evidenced by
lieitation has been more active the the fact that it more than doubled its
last few months than since a year ago. quota to the third liberty loan. In the
The campaign is requiring money, mining communities, notably at Je
which must come from German and rome. where every man employed by
radical pro-German sources. The or- j the United Verde Copper Company,
ganizers .everywhere counsel pre-! numbering 2144, bought one or more
paredness for whatever call may come bonds, thus earning 100 per cent rat
but no action until the word is given ! ing, the response to the call of the
generally. The methods pursued con-1 government was more than generous,
form precisely with those which it is 'At some of the camps a few failed to
now known were pursued by Germany! do their duty but they did not remain
in wrecking Russia and in for a time a Tart of the working force very long
demoralizing Italy. ! as the men took the matter into their
m,.w n.t t. R,h
. . .. , . , i
Throughout the mining districts i of
the state there have been many bet-,
ferments brought in general condi
tions as a result of the greater coop
eration and understanding which has
come about between operators and
operatives under war conditions.
These betterments will receire furth
er aid with the advance in wages
which will attend the fix.ng of a high-jand , m be The
er price for copper. Meantime it is tunities offered here for the success
true that a great deal has teen done ful investment of money are many
to prevent runaway living costs, and. n(J e d gees them be, aken
that the foundation put down in this' d f A , ,
respect will be still further built upon , but copper and
by the joint efforts of operators and ; aU, h th d f th ,
operatives, there ui no doubt. The d 0 J)a8 , m tfc
improvement of housing and living . fa d d f
conditions which has been continuous;' ,. ..,,. , ,. , .
is lhe mines nf the state have rlevel-1 ertle8 carr lnK as their niain content,
as tne mines or the state nave aevei-,tno white metal Consequently there
oped, has had much more impetus has recrudcaence of silver
inre the country entered the war jnj d properties, long
than ever before and is a part of the abandoned, are being resurrect
closer understanding and I closer com- pd profitab,y worked. Turkey
mun.ty interest which the require- Bradshaws are the dis
nients of the war have brought to all ; ... . riin ln
loval Americans. Suspicion, the great.-;
lr n i ' x. t
est of all retarding agencies, has been i
in great measure slain and with it out
of the way progress will he still more
rapid in furthering mutual advantages
in working, living and legislative mat
ters. Assistance From Courts
Federal indictments in the Bisbee
deportation cases are looked upon as
fortunate, in that they will bring this
matter into the Federal court and dis -
pose of it. Falsehoods that have been
freely circulated by I. W. W. wild ex -
acgerations that have grown from
these and some I. W'. W. affidavits
Uiat have been put out with no con- when a good showing of light oil was
sideration of the oath attached for i obtained when the well was bailed
purposes of prejudicing and inflaming ' out. The oil could be plainly seen in
the public, will be quickly riddled and ; bubbles about the size of peas. There
disposed of definitely when the wit-' was also a pronoun, ed odor of gas and
uesses reach tlie stand and realize much excitement reigned in the camp
that if they violate the oath it will con when the discovery was made. The
stitute perjury and be attended by : shell formation was quickly passed
prison sentences. Confidence that through and a shalo formation enter
Sheriff Wheeler of Cochise county jed by the drill bub the showing,
acted wholly within the legal advice though small, was sufficiently en
he obtained before conducting the de- ccuraging to demonstrate that all
portation and accepting the services that is needed is depth to bring ln a
of a large number of deputies to as-; real well.
sist him. and that his legal advice, At a meeting held in this city dur
was thoroughly grounded in the law, ing the week and attended by repre
is unshaken and vindication by the sentatives of 14 of the companies ln
courts not doubted. Ruling by Judge tercsted in the Chino field, an organ
Sliute fn the Superior court of Gila iation to be known as the Chamber
county that the anti-blacklist law Is f oil and Mines, was formed. A full!
unconstitutional comes as another ct f officials was uamed and ar-l
current legal item that' will have raugemcnts made for establishing
muct bearing if the ruling is sustain- permanent headquarters in Present t. j
cd by the Supreme court, where hear- to he in charge of a secretary. Among
ing at the earliest possible time is the many plans discussed and decided
considered highly desirable. If held upon was the issuing of a monthly)
to be unconstitutional by the highest bulletin detailing the progress of drill-1
tribunal, the way will be cleared to u,f in the field. The association Urn
adopt effective methods to ascertain jt,., its membership to such com pan-!
lhe identity of I. V. W. and keep ies s j believes jK acting in good I
them out of employment, as desired j fajth win, the public and really cn-j
under the expressions of organized ! iltMvoriug lo find oil deep down in I
labor, th mine operators and Kedcr-'tlie ground instead of dollars In the!
al auUioritivb, who liavb urged that po ketbooUs of people. Cue lmport
every effort be made to prevent 1. W. ant tiling the association will look af
W. from finding employment iu tlio ter is the question of conflict of title
1CTED
FIXATION
CASES
war industries, among the most im
portant of which is copper.
Advanced Development
Among large development enter
prises which are advanced in the
state to a point where it is reasona
ble to expect the early establishment
of great new mines, the Denn Arizona
in the Warren district continues fore
most in attention. Denn has its wat
er down close to the 1600 level. In
less than thirty days pumping the
water was gotten to within a com
paratively few feet of this level, when
in changing one of the pumps the wat
er got away. It is now being caught
up and it is probably only a matter of
days until they are on the 1600 and
starting the exploration work there
which will determine what shape the
ore bodies and showings above have
taken at this depth. . There is confi
dence at the present time that the
findings will establish the presence
of a great new mine. Denn has been
shipping about 100 tons of ore daily
from its development work on the up
per levels. In the Ray district the
Hercules mine stands ready to begin
heavy production as soon as the mill
can be turned over. It has been de
layed recently by the common trou
ble of slow freight transportation,
which has detained necessary parts
of equipment. In the Miami district
east, west, north and south on the 500
level of the Porphyry Copper Co.
property have determined the pres
ence of commercial bodies of chalco-
cite and carbonates. The work on the
600 level is now getting under the ore
on the 500, with conditions attendant
which extend cause for high confi
dence that this mine will make good
in an important way. At the Kay
property of the United Eastern inter
ests in- the north, preliminary steps
to the establishment of a big and
highly active developing camp are go
ing on apace and in a short time there
will be a great deal of actual develop
ment in progress. The property is
considered the making of a large cop
per mine and has the distinction o.
being the only one to be brought for
ward in this light during the year.
YAVAPAI MINES BUY
MANY LIBERTY BONDS
PRESCOTT, May 18. That Yava-
pai County is both patriotic and pros
own hands and made it evident to the,
bond slackers that they were consid-
ered undesirabIes of a type not to be
tnpratr.A mnnir real AmArirans The
county's quota was $570,000 and it
raised $1,318,100, which goes to show
that money is not only plentiful in a
mining community but the people are
always ready and willing to give it to
a good cause. Mining is the backbone
ef Vavonol rnnnlv olirora ha, haon
.. . . . ... ... .
old mines being brought to life again.
In the meantime those who jeered
tat the possibility of oil being found in
this county, particularly in the Chino
Valley field, are beginning to revise
I their opinions and watchiirg the d-
jvclopments with eyes from which the
i taint of skepticism has been removed.
, Whether oil in commercial quantities j
will ever be found is, as yet, an un-1
J settled question but it has been dem-!
i onst rated beyond cavil that the oil
'has not been burned out by volcanic
' action, as many contended. This fact j
. was recently established at one of the
1 wells being drilled in Chino Valley (
and will seek to protect all legitimate
locations made by its members. The
companies which had representatives
at the meeting were: New York
Chino Oil Co; Big Bull Oil Co; Chino
Standard Oil Co; Arizona Midway Oil
Co; Home Oil Co; Chino Central Oil
Co; Chino Amalgamated Oil Co: Ari
zona Del Rio Mining Co; Southwest
Oil & Refining Co; Arizona Verde Oil
Co.. and United Chino Oil & Refining
Co.
The International Syndicate of
Mines and Smelters which recently en
tered Copper Basin district, first pur
chasing the Arizona-Portland group,
has enlarged its holdings until it now
controls one of the largest mineral
domains under corporate ownership in
the county. The Brown group was
added, then the Martin Schuber group
and this week the company acquired
the Rainy Day holdings, embracing
sixteen claims. In all the company
now owns nearly 100 claims, every
one of which has been prospected and
developed to an extent which war
rants further work. Although the
main content of the ores of the Basin
is copper, they carry values in molyb
denum and also gold and silver to an
extent sufficient, it is claimed, to de
fray all mining costs.
GREEN MONSTER MAY
DISCOVER RICH ORE
JEROME. Ariz.. May 18. Some im
portant determinations are likely to
be made within the next few days in
the crosscut being driven north from
the Gorge winze at the Green Mons
ter. The winze from the Gorge tunnel
was sunk to a depth of 100 feet.
About fifty feet below the tunnel lev
el it passed out 'of a low-grade ore
body -diorite impregnated with chal
copyrite and into quartz-prophyry.
At present the crosscut has advanced
forty-four Teet through the quartz
porphyry and it is expected that about
sixty feet from the shaft it will inter
sect the ore.
At the Dorothy May shaft, the head
ings driven on the white intrusive
crosscut by the main tunnel from the
500-foot level have advanced 211 and
233 feet, north and south respectively.
These drifts show a strong quartz
vein and below it a softer quartz-porphyry
carrying pyrite. chalcopyrite
and chalcocite in varying forms. The
conditions have been so encouraging
that it has been thought wise by the
board of directors, acting on the ad
vice of the mining committee, to sink
the Dorothy May shaft deeper. Work
has already been started on the sink
ing of the shaft and, for the present,
development on the 500 is suspended.
It is intended to go to a depth of
1,000 feet if conditions warrant or, at
any rate, to continue sinking at least
to the 800-foot level before starting to
crosscut.
"As the white intrusive has a dip
toward the shaft it is possible that it
may be intersected before the 1.000
foot level' is reached," explained
President W. S. Humbert today. "It
is hoped that this white intrusive will
lead us, as it has always done sooner
or later at the United Verde and Unit
ed Verde Extension mines, to a rich
ore body. The extensive leaching
above would seem to indicate secon
dary enrichment below."
MIAMI WINDING UP
GONSRUGTION WORK
Miami Copper company's construc
tion program for remodeling the mill
and increasing the capacity of the
power plant wa3 disturbed last year,
but for some time past this work has
been actively under way and is now
nearing completion. An important
step affecting the mine was the decis
ion to sink a new working shaft
known as No. 5. Up to the present
time, shaft No. 4 has been the only
butlet for ore from the mine and the
crushing plant at this point has been'
barely able to handle the output un
der continuous operation. The two
hoisting shafts will allow separation
of the ore rained into two classes,
one practically clean -sulphide ore, and
th other relatively hich in oxidized
copper content. For some time past,
the problem of the recovery of oxidiz
ed copikt has been under investiga
tion and this arrangement will be of
very great advantage in allowing the
adoption of separate methods of treat
ment for the two classes of ore. The j
new shaft will have a total depth of
830 feet and will be connected with
the ore-producing portion of the mine
at the 570 and 720-foot levels, where
underground ore pockets will be lo
cated. , Underground development work
done last year amounted to 30.476
feet. Work in the eastern portion of
the mine, where top slicing is the
method in use. amounted to 16.044
feet. This ore body Is now well op
ened up for mining below the first
haulage level and the second, or 570
foot haulage level, is completed for
the area at present being worked.
Some further opening up of tbis ore
will be carried on during the year as
the area worked is extended.
U, S. SMELTING WILL
NOT REDUCE RATES
ItOSTOX. Mav IS -Tlnr- is no in
ti'iilion on (In- part of ilirfi lors of the
I'nitnrt Statm Siiioltini; ririupany to
order a roriuction In 14 1 c $3 common
dividend rale lit the int-i-ting the Ut
ter part of June.
A creat deal of genuine apprehen
sii n h:is ilevelnlied on the. nart of
stockholder; since the final results of i
i:M7 operations as to the future com
mon dividend policy In view of the
mh.'II margin above the present dis
bursement revenbd. The balance up
on the junior security last year of
?.".l:5 compared v. ith JOUM for 1Mb.
at I lie end of which the increase to
the io rate was uiade.
COPPER PRODUCTION IN PAST VEAR
SHOWS SUBSTANTIAL INCREASE OVER
OUTPUT FOR NATION DURING 1916
Reports of 51 copper companies for the year 1917 show that their total
production amounted to .842.171.406 pounds, an increase of 115,970.115 lbs.
over 1916. in view of, the fact that some of the largest producers were
practically shut down for a few months of the year, and the output curtailed
for several months, the larger production last year is rather surprising. The
reduction for Anaconda because of this amounted to nearly 44.000.0UO lbs. 1
and Inspiration showed a decrease In production of over 40.000.000 pounds,
making a total for these two companies alone of 84.000,000 pounds. I
Offsetting this loss, however, Chile Copper just about doubled its pro
duction to a total of 88.332,000 pounds and New Cornelia just coming in
produced 19.482,000 pounds. American Smelting with an output of 916.974.000
made an increase of 127.536.ttOO pounds. A substantial part of the production
of this company comes from Mexican mines. The production in pounds for
the past two years shows:
Ahmeek
-.-
American
Arizona Commercial
Bingham
Butte & Su;
Calumet &
Calumet &
Chile Copper t..
Davis Daly
East Butte
Isle
Keweenaw
La Salle ..
Mason Vail
Mass Const
Miami
Nevada
New Coi
North Bi
Old Do re
Osceola'
South Lake
U. S. Si
United
Utah C(
Utah Cc
Victoria
Winona
Totals
MAGMA DEVELOPS BIG
VEINS OF RICH ROCK
Magma Copper company's net pro
duction last year, after deducting con
centrating, smelting and refining
losses, was 10,148,632 pounds of cop
per, 537,994 ounces of silver and 5
978 ounces of gold.
President Abridge, in his remarks
to stockholders, says in part:
The cobU of producing copper ad
vanced rapidly during the year, due
principally to war conditions and to
a lesser extent to the high develop
ment costs and of the lower copper
contents of the concentrate shipped.
During 1917 the No. 2 shaft was
sunk from 84 feet below the 1509 lev
el to 38 feet below the 1800 level. A
station was cut on the 1800 level and
the main copper ore shoot was par
tially developed on this level by four
crosscuts located in an average dis-
tance of 60 feet apart.
These crosscuts show the vein av
erages 14.7 feet in width and assays
9.36', copper, 3.82 ounces silver and
.03 ounces gold.
As all crosscuts are iu ore of good
grade, the possibility of lengthening
present ore shoot is favorable. Al
though the average width of ore on
this level is not as great as on some
of the levels above, the ore is better
grade and the results in general com
pare very favorably with any level
developed to date in the mine. A sta
tion on the 1800 level is being cut at
the present time and crosscutting to
wards the vein will soon be com
mented.
The 1300 level was driven to the
west and encountered the downward
extension of the shoot of silver ore
encountered on the west 1200 level in
1916. To date this drift shows 60
feet of ore. averaging 4.86 feel in
wfdlh and assaying 'IV U copper, 20.53
ounces silver. .048 ounces gold. 83';
lead and 9.82V, zinc. Taere are good
possibilities of extoudiug the length
of tbis ore shoot.
The following is an estimate of ore
reserves: Reasonably assured cop
per sulphide ore, 130,000 tons; rea
sonably assured lead-ziuc ore, 20,000
tons, and probable silver sulphide ore
8000 tons.
ANACONDA REPORTS
SURPLUS DECREA.SE
UOoTO.W May 18. Anaconda Top
per Mining company lias issued its
pamphlet report for the year ended
lce. ol. 1917. showiiiK a surplus iu
loinu of t'M.Wo.TSZ after all charces
including taxes, a decrease of J16.4'J4.
6U1. compared with 1916. This sur
plus was euunl to 114.7:! per share oil
the 2.:U1.-'0U shares outstanding.
I'rotits and loss account: Sulci)
copper, lead, silver and gold. $H9.
(l.'i5.o'j:i. Cross receipts, including
uieUI on baud. Md0.J0o.U7. Disburse
ments. $1 is. 7O0.. 1 7. Balance. $.17.
4'JS.jO. Income from Investments
1917 1916
... 27,919.812 ' 24.142.13S
... 8.892,915 10.219.290
.916.974.000 7S9.438.000
...253,508.332 307.395.002
... 3.860,949 4.178.474
79.007 736,992
65.346,000 44.638,000
... 1.586.302 2.390,416 1
... 59.131,512 70.702.028
... 77.495.283 76.762.240.
... 4.247.316 5.196.239 !
... 2.002,857 2.367.400
... 72,650.000 71.034.000
... 27.550,343 33.601.136
... 88.332.000 43.117.613
... 83.339.7S2 72.319,508 i
... 31.268.130 37.94fi.930
... 4,557.789 1,965,722 1
... 20,013,900 1S.340.713 '
... 3.155,574 3.116,566
... 40.413.776 44.765.164
... 4.005.982 2.824.934
... 80,566.982 120.772.637 '
... 13.480.921 . 12.412.111
... 79.168.000 111.536.000
380,336 68.8S0
... 1.819.775 1.380.352
... 13.845.190 5.S22.130
... 3.984.616 4.732.588
. 43.863.699 53,518.331 1
... 12.313,887 13.834.034 :
82.040,508 90.735,287
... 19,482.191 :
... 14.493.452 24.498,181 !
... 32.365,795 32,517.042 i
... 16.084,958 -19,586,501
...191,581.131 171.893,880
... 22,195.577 21.065,612
... 88.582,649 75.182.915
.. 6.13S.219 9,364,968
754,433 2S5.600
... 2.201.672 3.034.656
... 10.547.708 9.404.295 i
... 29.043.242 28.888.093 j
... 63.242.784 36.402.9721
... 7.968.165 12.211.118 1
...195.837.111 187.531.824 i
... 1,612.640 1.661,832
1,494.472 2.167,255 1
; 2.842,171,406 2,726.201.291
$3,749,083. Interest paid. $526,275.
Depreciation, $5,387,437. Profit, $34,-i
333,751. Dividends. $19,815,625. Sur
plus, $14,518,126: Profit and loss sur
plus, $62,913,988. 1
SAMMY FLIER FALLS .
W'JTH THE AMERICAN ARMY IN"
FRANCE. May 18 (By The Associated;
Press). An American pursuit airplane j
was seen to get beyond control a short!
distance behind the American lines J
northwest of Toul today and to craih j
to tho ground from a height of 3,009 j
meters. It was on eof two machined
returning from a patrol over the ,
enemy lines. How the accident hap-!
pencd is not known.
ENSIGN FLIER KILLER
NORFOLK. Va.. May 18. Ensipn
Calvin Crawley. U. S. N. R-, of St.!
Louis, was killed at the Hampton j
Roads naval operating base air school j
here today when a seaplane he was '
piloting struck a pile in landing. ,
Gas Fired Water
For Attaching
to Your
Range Boiler
isbee
a
if !
V M
Richard Glaze, Oph. D.N.D.
practice Limited to Eye and Nerve
Disorders.
Phone 156. Office and residence
first house west of Masonic Temple,
Main Street, Bisbee, Arizona.
Glasses fitted by the latest methods.
Latest Styles
For Stylish .Ladies
Suits and skirts made to
order. Perfect fit is guar
anteed. FRUITMAN'S
Ladies' Tailor and Importer
Refitting Remodeling
Tailors' and Dressmakers'
Supplies
Hughes Block (Opposite
Central School) Phone 274
Bisbee
COLLINS &
BRETHERTON
We Specialize In
JEROME
AND
OATMAN
STOCKS
Jick BIdg., Main Street
Phone 26 Box 1129
JOHN G. WILSON
Contractor
and Builder
ESTIMATES FURNISHED ON
" ALL CLASSES OF BUILINGS
SEE ME LAST Phone Green 7S2
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Solicits Your
Patronage
PHONE 58
Contractor and Builder
ESTIMATES AND PLANS
FURNISHED
Wm. McDOUGALL
OPPOSITE LINCOLN SCHOOL
PHONE GREEN 728
CHICHESTER S PILLS
W.. THE lllAMIIIill Bi. A
llruiU. AitMrillJ nixTn
1MAMOVD UK A NO I'lLLK. ft t4
mn knows as Bert. Safest. Always ReliaMa
SOIQ BY ORUGGiSTS EVERYWHERE
. t
:!
i
1.llrI Atk j ..r UnifM fo
hUku-lrllunWKrlA
I'llls la k.4 ! KruluAV
boiei, tauci iih BIim Ribboa. V
T.k u iWh Itn mf T mmr V
r
Provides abundant supply of
hot water at reasonable cost.
Call at our store and ask for
demonstration, or make re
tjucst for representative lo call
upon you.
Improvement Co.
HERBbnf GRIEBLE PHONE 691
j BISBEE TRANSFER,
STORAGE & COAL CO.
Warehouse & Office Opposite Depot
PHONES 640 and 50.
HENNESSY
Undertaking Parlors
PHONE 15. OK ST.
THE REVIEW
Job Department
will furnish you an estimate
on that job on short notice
OF-
Solid Comfort
Right Down Town
Stanton & Overland Sts.
EL PASO, TEXAS
of el Savoy
Seaman S. SchaldacK, Proptv
Operated on Merit Try It
Best Dollar Day House in the
Great Southwest
100
jl : I
i
iCm OF THE 9
: bladder::
.. y-iJF sole br tee iuinYl '
I - itmn ofeotnttrrajw '
Heater
fl 1
I j '.
f;i i ' '
si i '
I !
li j,
'i THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MAY 19, 1918.
T
News of Social Circles
Mrs. Bondie Grant entertained the
Fidelia Class of the Baptist church at
her home on Art Hill last Friday. A
business meeting was held and a so
cial time? was enjoyed afterwards.
The feature of the evening was a
number of readines by Mrs. Enola
. Scott. The members present were:
Anna Cowan. Esther Lange, Syvella
Pharon, Orlean Landrum, Willie
Wheeler. Ruth Adams. Ethel Werner
and Phoebe Holt. Ruby Knolls, Bon
die Grant, Ruth Jones and Elsie Hut
terman; Mesdames R. O. Owen, Enola
Scott, Allen Babcock and Landrura.
V t
Those present at the surgical dress
ing class, which met at the Woman's
Club on Monday afternoon were Mes
dames Clinton Moon, Henry Poppen,
C. S. Joint. F. T. -Snell, H. Akard. M.
E. Gibson, M. C. HiRh. Ross Griffith,
John Chain, C. A. Bailey, Blanche
. Lindquist. Helen L. Tregonning. Jas.
Senna and Miss Gertrude Sherman.
Mrs. Henry Poppen was in charge and
1450 surgical dressings were made.
&
Adawana Camp Fire Girls and
grade 9C of Junior high, also did their
part. They made 950 compresses and
these present were Irene Griffith,
Mary Serkovich. Grace Mitchell, Flor
ence Lambert. Ella Core, Ida Hutter
man, Edna Chain, Jean Waters, Alma
Beam, Bertha Ojeda, Ruth Tucker.
Grace Scott, Helen Downs, Margaret
McGregor and Helen Okerstrom.
SJ X Si
D. C. Griffith, treasurer of Bisbee
Lincoln Committee A. F. F. V., makes
an accounting: Balance on hand
April 31, $13.88. Mrs. John Chain,
benefit card partv, $16; tag day pro
ceeds, $921.80. Total $951.68. Dis
bursements: Outing flannel $21.38;
express. $1.70; printing of tags, $8.75,
and printing of placards, $3.00.
Mr. Griffith has been highly com
plimented from Paris and national
headquarters through Mrs. Frant2en,
state chairman, for the able manner
in which he has at all times conducted
and safeguarded the Fund's money
and for promptness in dispatching the
monthly contribution to Paris for the
upkeep of the Fund's automobiles
that are In actual service to and from
the battlefields in France.
The local Fund is very fortunate in
having so capable a man as Mr. Grif
fith to safeguard its three different
departments with Us many demands.
H IS
Les Jeune Club had their regular
meeting Saturday afternoon at Gar
field School. Knitting chin bands and
making infants bootees, much to the
delight of the many nimble fingers
during the afternoon. The club and
their mothers had a picnic at Warren
Park Saturday afternoon. Games,
stories, music and dancing were In
dulged in until 4 p. m. when luncheon
was served. All report the time of
their young lives was had.
... SJ S5 3K - ' -
Fridar ntcht was all that could, be
asked for. It is surprising how many J
gay and lighthearted people there are
in the community.
2! 3B
Thursday the Bisbee-LIncoln Com
mittee reported that a number of
women visited the work rooms in Gar
field school and many pairs of war
bootees, hospital shirts, carrel dress
ings (surgical uressiugj aim nuuga
were made during the day.
S SS St
The women of the Christian Science
church who served refreshments last
Saturday night at the Warren Park
dance made $76.50. One cake was
auctioned and brought $35. This is
a splendid record and. enthusiastic
workers will make a splendid sum if
they just continue the good work. The
public school teachers have offered
their services this Saturday nUht.
ii ?K 3B
Mrs. Orlean Landrum and Mrs. Del
la Babcock entertained the Fidelas
class of the Baptist church Tuesday
evening at the home of Mr. and Mrs.
P. W. Dixon of Warren in honor of
the class president, Syvilla Ferron,
who left Wediesday morning for a vis
it with relatives and friends at her
former home in Kentucky after which
she will go to Washington, D. C.
where she will enter government ser
Of Interest
The summer It appears. Is to be a
season of exquisitely girlish fashions
simple lines, delicate colors, float
ing ribbons, tucks, and flounces. And
absolutely suited to these dress af-j
fairs are such fabrics as fine net, or-
gandie and crepe de chine.
The dresses are the simplest things
imaginable. They go back more than
a decade aeo for widely sprayed tucks
the succession of tiny flounces and
the dainty adging of narrow Valen
clenes lace. The old fashioned note
is accentuated by the wide ribbon
sashes loosely knotted a little to one
side of the front. Sometimes two rib
bons of contrasting shades are used,
then they must be very narrow, some
thing less than an ineh.
The sash of organdie is more fash
ionable than that of satin, ribbon or
otherwise. It Is rather difficult to
manage because of its tendency to
crush; it must be constantly refresh
ed. Nevertheless it holds sway among
fashions. And those of net or soft
crene as alternatives.
Of course the skirts of summer
frocks are murb widpr than the skirts
of the tailored frock or afternoon
dress of satin or serge. There are ex
amples of French models that meas
ure fully five yards around the bottom
Another Interesting detail Is the doub
ling of the skirt material until It
reaches the hlo line, thereby giving a
substantial backing to the sheer fabric
as well as Intensifying the tone by
wav of decoration.
The bodices stick pretty closely to
the fishu effects. Sleeves are short,
the few exceptions to the contrary
merely serving to prove the rule of
vice. The evening was spent In vari
our games after which refreshments
of ice cream and wafers were served
t othe following: Misses Caroline
Johnson, Esther Lan?. Mable 'Swing,
Ida Watkins, Lettie Brown. Syvilla
Ferron, Ruby Knowles, Anna E. Cow
an, Mary Arams, Phoebe Holt, TTuth
Jones, Willie Curtis, Wheeler, Orlean
I-andrum, Pearl Humphries. Pondie
Grant. Pearl Sheoard, Iva B. Owens.
Zola Dixon. A. E. Shenpard, G. B.
Landrum, Delia Babcock.
H
From 6:30 until 10:30 a suggestion
of cabaret was Introduced at the Cop
per Queen Hotel Friday night. Some
passing musicians that were really
good were the entertainers. Couples
danced or listened to the music as
they chose. The lobby was crowded
with people and a sympathetic audi
ence they were too from the applause
that followed each dance or song.
This is something different and re
lieves the monotony of war work.
K 35 SS
A dance at the Country Club Satur
day night was a splendid success as
all of their dances are. Music and
gay laughter reigned supreme. All
of the member9 were present and the
more the merrier.
V X
Monday evening at the B. H. S.
auditorium the Alumni ' association
gave a reception for the hleh school
graduates of the class of 1918. The
hall was decorated In the senior class
colors of purple and white and under
the direction of Miss Jennie Warren
a very tasteful scheme was worked
out. Parish's five piece orchestra ren
dered the music. Their playing was
fine and many complimentary re
marks about the music were heard.
About fifty couples were present In
cludine the members of the graduat
ing class, members of the Alumni and
their friends. A most delicious punch
was served throughout the evening
and brick Ice cream with wafers fur
nished delightful refreshments to the
dancers at a late hour. ; A clever
grand march was led by Mr. Phil
brook and Miss Hattie Malara and the
affair in general was voted the most
pleasing social event of the season.
2J 3
May 24th an Operetta will be given
by the High School Glee Club and
Junior Class at the high school audi
torium. This is to be the best event
of all the real events that have been
given under the auspices of Miss Mc
Call's capable management. . This Is
being looked forward to with great ex
pectations. A matinee will be given
May 23rd and another nerformance
will be rendered May 24th.
K?
In the Warren Red Cross rooms
there is considerable interest ex
pressed In making surgical dressing.
The new cuttine machine has arrived
this week. 1438 surgical dressings
were made this past week. Mesdames
Murry, Jewell and Croslin are in
charee. Among the women who have
worked this past week at the work
rooms are Mesdames Notman, Meyer.
E. C. Campbell. Hollis. Balmforth.
Coles. Twomey. Taylor, Wilson and
the Misses Kennedy.
w r. 55
The Lowell Red Cross surgical dress
ing department under the direction of
Mrs. Paul Bell made 2240 comnresses
last week. The following ladies at
tended: Misses Diggan, Duffy. Meg
ede, Mesdames Laning, Burton. Tay
lor. Roland. Whitehead, Williams,
Johnson, Dodd, Postern, Hoffman,
Amstein, Morgansteln, Henderson.
Megede, Elliott. Tuckness, Manning.
Taber and Shllliam. The sewing de
partment completed 28 pajama suits
and eight surgical aprons.
3S V 3K
Miss Betttrico McKay entertained
her Sunday school class or the Pres
bvterlan church with a delichtful par
ty at her home on Quality Hill Satur
dav aftemon. Those present thorough
ly enjoyed the afternoon. Dainty re
freshments of nuts, dates, wafers and
sherbert were served. Miss Rylla
Wacek assisted In serving. Those pres
ent were: Marion Morse, Alma Alvin,
Thelma Fen-el. Catherine Ashby. Pearl
Brown. Ruth Churchill. Grace Brown
lie. Lottie Mae Wacek, Lenora Nichols,
and Burl Pitman.
to Women
abbreviated arm covering. Sometimes
the sleeve reaches barely to the elbow
or It mav exceed that length a 'few
inches. The edge is either left very
loose and flowing unconfined or is so
tight that it is necessary to unbutton
it before slipping it over the hand.
The normal waistline Is the favored
one, although a few liberties may be
taken, and shift it ever so slightly be
low or above the normal point. One
adopts the style that is most becom
ing to the figure and taste.
The June Bride
What a wonderful lot of witchery
one may take on this eventful day.
There Is nothing under the blue sky
so charming as the bride that the
June sun shines upon. A world or
suggestions may be given to the blush
Ing bride and her attendants. Veils
may be worn and odd and attractive
arrangements have been designed.
One is to arrange the flowing white
veil as though It came from old Per
sia. Across the lower part of the face
allowing the eyes to peep forth. If
a wedding veil that has been an heir
loom Is possessed, nothing could be
more attractive, than to use it at a
modern wedding.- Then a bridal gown
of crepe de chine; the drapery Is In
Grecian effect confined by a satin
cord, the lower part of the sleeves
and the fundamental part or the bod
Ice are of crepe Georgette Embroider
ed in silver threads. With a train of
crepe Georgette embroidered in sil
ver. The train falling from the shoul
ders. A wedding frock of satin bordered
with embroideries done in seed pearls
the tunic Is of chiffon as are the
sleeves; bodice of lace with bretelles
Of satin. A veil held in place with a
circlet of pearls is startlingly becom
ing.
Weddinir rnho of bridal sntin: the
) draped skirt is bordered wilh silver
mesh lace with applique satin motif:
the mesh is used for the bodirp and
1 for the cuffs: satin string-girdle, rhif
fon train which gives a regal air to
the fair wearer. A veil that takes as
its copy the head dress of a Belgian
peasant is very unique and looks vpry
attractive with this style of dress.
Misses Bathing Suits
Gone to the seashore! When one
hears it thoughts of just, what kind
of a bathing suit did she have are
thrust upon us. A wide variety may
be chosen from. In every hue and
shade of the rainbow. One of satin
for a maid of 16 years made with long
waist, to which Is attached the cren
elated top skirt; bretelles of shaped
satin pieces with chevrons of white
silk braid; braid girdle and bloomers
of the satin.
Bathing suit of two tone satin made
with panel front with a gathered
skirt, topped by a triple belt, linen. In
contrasting color which also is nspd
to make the collars and cuffs. This
attractive costume will defy even the
most glaring sunlight on the beaches,
with its beauty. There la a certain
style about a bathing suit the same as
any other article of wearing apparel.
Bathing dress of taffeta glace for
a miss of 14 yfnrs. a deep border in
dicates a simulated attachment of
buttons and button holes, epaulette
yoke, self belt and collar and worn
with a tie of polka dot foulard.
Bathing dresses of black satin are
very durable, of white and black
check taffeta, of plaited gross grain
silk and of striped taffeta, all go to
make fetching bathing suits. With
bright little caps and gay handker
chiefs to top them off they make a
pleasant spot on the beaches.
Y. W. C. A. Notes
About eighty women attended the
membership tea in the Blue Room on
Wednesday afternoon. Miss White,
who is director of Red Cross nursing
service, sent from Pacific headquar
ters, gave a very Interesting and In
structive talk along the lines of Red
Cross work and what the women can
do at home to help lighten the bur
dens of those in the service.
About twenty mothers, wives and
sisters of men In the service were
welcomed and presented with their al
loted number of stars. During the
afternoon each lady wearing the stars
told of the whereabouts of their loved
ones, while others read some very in
teresting letters or quoted some mes
sages from "over there." A , piano
solo, medley of patriotic airs, by Mrs.
J. B. Morley, was greatly enjoyed as
well as the vocal solo by Miss Mc
Conoughy. K?
The membership committee submit
ted the following report at the Wed
nesday afternoon tea as a result ot
the recent campaign. Lowell District.
Mrs. Frank Sinclair, chairman, 75
adults and 15 juniors; Mrs. J. S. Blair,
thalrman Bisbee District, 19 adults;
Mrs. R. M. Fox, chairman Warren dis
trict, 32 adults. There nre others to
be reported later. Total number of
adults 126: juniors 15. Total amount
received $146. The district has not
been fully covered. The campaign
for members will be continued for an
other month In order to give the chair
men time to do the work more thor
oughly. Daring the Red Cross campaign
members from the Y. W. C. A. will
serve two dinners and six lunches at
the Y. M. C. A. for those working up
on the teams. The campaign com
mences Monday, May 20th, when a
seven o'clock dinner at the same hour
Upon the other days lunches will be
served each noon at 12:30. The com
mittees in charge of the dinners and
lunches consist of Mesdames Thomas.
Alvin, Richardson, Notman, William
son and Colton.
.
The Adawana Camp Fire Girls left
yesterday for the girls camp in Miller
Canyon. Those enjoying this week ot
vacation are Ella Core. Irene Griffith,
Beulah Gilbert. Ida Hutterman, Mary
Serkovich, Jean Waters, Florence
Lambert. Grace Mitchell. Ruth Tuck
er and Bertha Cary. Miss McCurdy
and Mrs. Henry Poppen will be their
chaperons.
tt ff 8
Business girls remember the Mili
tary Club Tuesday, 7:30.
Red Cross Drive
Lee M. Brown '
At the close of the business meet
ings, matters have reached a point
where every thing Is in readiness to
start the work in earnest bright and
early Tuesday morning. This, prog
ress could not have been made so rap
idly and effectively without the ex
cellent team work and cooperation of
the willing workers of the Warren
District
All of the women have offered their
services and their growing efficiency
Is to be congratulated. They have
pledged themselves to canvass every
home in the district. So there is ab
solutely no use to try and evade them
as they are exceedingly persistent.
Domestics will go undone if necessary
and with clear eyes shining and hope
and optimism In their hearts to raise
$25,000. these loyal women will begin
a relentless drive for the great, the
wonderful, the charitable Red Cross.
Our president has requested that
the money be raised for the men In
Europe. Our men who have gone al
ready to suffer and endure that we
may have freedom. The trenches are
far from being pleasant habitations
but from not one Hp comes a com
plaint. So to equal this undaunted
courage we must give to the limit.
Countless things will be bought
with this fund. A few of them are
beds, sheets, surgical dressings and
Instruments of all kinds, wearing an
parel and hospital equloment. A well
man can stand much, but an injured
soldier must have attention and at
least the comforts of a hospital that
stands for sanitation. This Angel of
Mercy, the Red Cross, must succor
and cheer and care. But to dp that
U7CEVT V WEIVC ICTTCD VATTWr
Tf 1-1-111-1 L1-11JLU 1UU1UT
HEN'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION
OF WARREN MINING DISTRICT
J. B. Iedy, a member of the local
Y for the last two. years, left Sunday
for San Francisco, Cal., to join the
army. Mr. Leedy has been employed
at the Brophy Garage for some time.
.1. B. Hale, for many years a miner
in the district, writes rrom Globe that
he Is now employed In the mines
: there. Mr. Hale was one of the first
I men to work on the' Irish Mag shaft
I when that famous shaft was only ten
I feet deep. Hale has 'many friends In
camp.
General Secretary Richardson, his
wife and son Albartonv returned from
the coast last Sunday; morning, where
they have been for the past six weeks
en account of Mr. Richardsons health.
Mr. Richardson has greatly improved
and is back on the Job.
A card Just received from Gustav
Ziprik. former assistant secretary.
I announces his departure on some ship
going somewhere In search of the
kaiser. Ziprik will be remembered
by hundred of the association mem
bers. We had a letter Jast Wednesday
from our old friend Ben Neeper who
is now In Camp Funston. Ben says
they are now feeing drilled about six
hours every day, except Sunday and
that he enjoys it very much; In fact.
he says he has enjoyed everything
in connection with the. camp and the
work. He wishes to be remembered
to all his old friends and especially
the Bisbee bowlers.
The History of the War to date in
twelve volumes is the latest addition
to the book trough in the association
lebby. The men are using them to
the limit.
Roy McAllister, one of the most pop
ular members, left a few days ago for
his home in Missouri on a visit to his
parents, before going. Into the service
of his country.
The membership of the largest In
dustrial association in the world is
located here in Bisbee. It now has
a membership of 1807.
Word has been received from Mac
H. Donaldson our former educational
d'rector, who left here several weeks
ago on account of the Illness and
death of his father. Mac writes that
he will not be able to return to the
district end sends his resignation
The association regrets to chronicle
this news, but under the circumstanc
es it was impossible for Mr. Donald
son to return. His successor will be
secured at the earliest possible date.
Tom Doyle, one of the most popu
lar and best known sons of the dis
trict, returned a few days ago from
Camp Funston. Tom got a two weeks
furloueh and came to see his father,
"riddv" Doyle, who. has been ouite
sick for the last week at the C. & A.
hospital.. -.Tom is. jp .'-the artillery
corps and for-the iieavjr artillery cer
tainly looks the, par. He dropped
into the local Y the. other day and
enjoved a shower bath. He is loud in
h's praises of the Y. M. C. A. work
in the cantonments.
W. H. Day, interstate Y M C. A.
secretary from El Paso, made a short
visit to the local, association Thurs
day while en route to Naco in an in
soection tour of the army canton
ments. Mr. Day is looking for men
for the association Y. M. C. A. work.
Any cne w ho might . be interested
should see Secretary Richardson.
The board of directors met for their
regular monthly session last Wednes
day evening. . -Reports from the sev
eral secretaries and committees In
dicated a healthy and progressive
tyne of work being accomplished.
Herbert Duncan is In receipt of an
other very interesting letter from that
well known and popular Y member,
Scctty Banks. He writes from San
Francisco and judging from the many
activities he is participating In, he Is
having a great time, - in addition to
nromotine his own interests. .
Andy Bijou, one of the local ball
money, and lots of it, must be had
So nothing is left to do but to dig
down into our pockets and scratch
around and hand it out with a smile.
Each person in the district has been
listed and thpse cards were placed In
a basket and drawn blindly by the
different caotains. They have so sys
tematized things that all conrusion
will be eliminated. Mr. Whiteley Is
chairman for the district and there
are 15 teams, each one has a captain.
That captain has the privilege of
choosing her workers which must not
exceed 10. The mines will be handled
by special teams from the mines. The
cards that are to be distributed must
be exhausted first, then, after all of
these people have been called on, they
mav branch out and take other sub
scrlntlons. not listed from strangers
In the district
Monday a "get together dinner"
will be served to all of the men work
ers in this drive at the Y. M. C. A.
Then every other day they will have
luncheon. This fee Is not to be taken
frcm the Red Cross fund but ' each
man is to be taxed $r.00 for the din
ner and 60c for the lunch. This Is
done to save time as every moment
is golden. For all the momenta wast
ed means that the goal of victory is
dimmer in the distance.
To encourage the workers and to
let them know what progress Is being
made all over the country a report
from Washington is read each day. It
Isn't necessary to urge people to be
up and doing for every patriotic man
woman and child realizes that sub
scriptions are no longer requested
but that they are demanded. For the
time of talking is past. Success must
be gauged in deeds and money and
"pep."
The women all over the United
States are devoting every energy to
war work and this success will be'
just another star in their already!
brilliantly illumined crowns. And the
women in the Warren District are ab
solutely determined to make their
goal of $25,000 and over. Enthusiasm
and determination are good weapons
with which to go armed-
players and Y members, met with a i
slight accident the other day while 1
working In the power house at the
Junction mine. The flash which 1
struck and killed N. R. Naylor also
struck him. burning him severely
about the head and arm. His burns
were dressed at the C. & A. hospital ,
and he seems to be getting along ex-;
ceptionally well. His mother and sis
ter Anna are here with him.
School Notes
Prof. H. H. Foster, and Mrs. Foster,
of the University of Arizona, visited
the Junior high schools on Friday of
this week. Prof. Foster will return
to Bisbee on July 1st with twenty-two
senior students of the University of
Arizona who are taking work In the
Department of Education. These stu
dents will teach one or two classes
each in the Bisbee Junior high school
and will also take courses with Pro
fessor Foster covering the work In
the school of education. This is the
only school of its kind in the United
States, and already it is attracting at
tention in the east Professor Foster
has been asked to give an account of
the work in the Journal of Education,
and during his recent visit to Atlantic
City, where he attended the Depart
ment of Superintendents of the Na
tional Educational Association, many
inquiries were made in regard to the
experiment. The people hardly real
ize that an experiment of deep signi
ficance to the educational world will
be tried here the coming summer in
the Bisbee schools, an experiment
that Is attracting nation-wide atten
tion. The board of school trustees held a
meeting on Saturday, at which time
teachers were elected for the coming
school year, and the matter of salar
ies was discussed.
Miss Catheriue Ftisbee, principal
of the Lincoln school, spent the week
end at Tucson visiting friends.
Mrs. Philbrook spent the past week
at Phoenix, making the trip with Dr.
and Mrs. Sims in an automobile.
The Bancroft Junior high defeated
the Horace Mafti Junior high in base
ball Thursday evening by a score of
24 to 4. at Warren Park.
Patriotic Jingles
Sixth Grade, Creenway School
1. Hooray for the Sammy!
Down with the Hun!
And we'll chase 'em out of France
With a Yankee Doodle gun.
2. There waa a patriotic old lady.
Who had seven sons.
She sent them to Berlin
To- kill seven Huns.
(Erma Dicks)
3. Won't you help our soldier boys?
Won't you do your bit?
Won't you buy a bond or stamps
And help to fill a kit?
4. The call to help your country
Has come to one and all;
Buy bonds or war savings stamps
That the enemy may fall.
(Alvadell Daume)
5. Our boys are o'er the waters,
Our girls are helping here.
Here's to our sons and daughters.
Who love their country dear.
6. It is Liberty Bond Day,
And banners wave
In time to the music gay;
The buildings their brightest
Banners have donned
In honor of
The third Liberty Bond.
7. The soldiers are fighting.
The Bailors are. too.
But we need the help of the girls
and boys
To save the red, white, and blue.
The only way you can do it
Is to save your nickels and dimes.
And buy Uncle Sam's thrift
stamps,
Now and at all other times.
8. When Liberty's son.
This battle has won,
Be able to say with pride and joy.
My thrift stamps helped the sol
dier boy.
9. Think of the soldiers in their
camps.
Think of the help they need".
Buy Uncle Sam's thrift stamps,
They will help thetn indeed.
(Thelma Cox)
10. Have you done your all
At your country's call?
If you haven't, buy thrift stamps
And help the boys In the training
camps.
11. Hark! hark! to the country's call
Buy a Liberty bond.
Help to feed the soldiers all.
Make the Hun respond;
Then you'll feel you've done your
bit.
When they go storming In,
Then you will see an American
flag
Waving over Berlin.
(Jean Williamson)
12. There was an old man who lived
In Berlin,
He worried so much he grew quite
thin.
Thin! Thin! make him a grease
spot
By putting money In the Liberty
Loan pot
(Ruth McVaugh)
13. Blng, bang, boom.
The Americans are a-coming,
Give them room, i
So they may make the Germans I
go a-running.
(Louis Caywood) !
14. Will you to your country's call re
spond? i
If so, buy a Liberty Bond.
Help wipe the map of Germany i
out i
Then Kaiser Bill can have no
sauerkraut. I
15. Wilson has done his best j
To make the kaiser respond, j
You do the rest I
And buy a Liberty Bond. j
Stand by your flag that is so true.
It's colors are, red. white, and blue !
(Enlelia Walker)
SAMSON
ARE THE BEST
They Are Cheaper, Too !
A COMPLETE STOCK JUST ARRIVED
WELBOURN AND DODDS
Bisbee Phone 432
Stormy periods of life come to us all
accident, sickness, los3 of employment,
and plain hard luck.
A few dollars in the Bank and added to
regularly will provide for rainy days.
4ri Interest on Savings Accounts.
Safe deposit boxes for rent.
ft ; 3 '.-7 WW!!" Midi I
mm
mm
You've Been Earning for Years?
Has it cost you every dollar of it to live?
These are pertinent questions, but the man who
answers them honestly to himself will feel the . time
has come to start a Savings Account with this bank,
save for the future and get 4 per cent Interest.
Think It Over!
CITIZENS BANK & TRUST COMPANY
Main Street Bisbee, Arizona
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
AND HIGH CLASS CAFE
The best of everything at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 60c luncheon daily. Also $ 1 .00 dinner from
5 :30 to 7:30 p. m. Regular Board by the month, $4U;
$ 1 0 by the week.
Henry Poppen, Manager.
When You Think of Building
Think of
GIBSON-HINES
LUMBER COMPANY
IW li'H'll r
J. W. F. SMITH
Manager
L. J. OVERLOOK, BROKER
Correspondent: Paine, Weber 6. Co, Boston, Duluth, Calumet.'
LOGAN A BRYAN, NEW YORK AND CHICAGO.
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK.
Bisbee Lumber
EMIL MARKS. MGR.
LOWELL
TRE
Jno. Addn. Phone 188
Phone 88
The Body of
Our Paint
Is pure white lead. It Is mixed with
turpentine or pure linseed oil ac
cording to whether it is to be used
for in or outside work. There Is no
grit in it; no adulterants to make
its manufacture cheaper. Paint e
perts always get their supplies
here. Wouldn't it be wise for yon
to follow their example.
Company, inc
CAR 8TOP.
PHONE 25 FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MAY 19, 1918.
You Mo
ne
M
Cross
W
u
4 f 0 mercy drawn through
an ocean of unspeakable pain"A
Facts About the American Red Cross
U Did you know that -
It has established and is operating twenty dis
pensaries in the American Army Zone in France to
care for the needy families there and to improve
health conditions in that section ready for our troops?
It is housing, and feeding thousands of children
in the War Zone to keep them away from the
danger of gas and shell fibre?
It ljas divided the entire War Zone into six main
districts, .with Red Cross workers at each point to
distribute cooking utensils, agricultural implements,
beds, bedding, food and clothing?
It provides builders and ready-to-put-up build
ings to house the homeless in the devastated regions,
often before the walls of the destroyed homes have
cooled?
It is bringing over two hundred tons of supplies
every day into Paris, from which one hundred and
twenty-five tons are reshipped to branch warehouses
over France?
It is providing an artificial limb factory outside
of Paris, in addition to special plants for the making
of splints?
What will you give to keep this Hand of Mercy
at its work? - . -
Every cent of every dollar received for the Red Crots War Fund goes for War Fclief.
The American RM Cross is tha largest and most
efficient organization for the relief of suffering that tha
World has ever seen.
It Is mad up almost entirely of Tolunteer workers,
the higher executives being without except loo men ac
customed to large affairs, who are in almost all cases
giving their services without par.
It is supported entirely by its membership lees and
by voluntary contributions.
It Is today bringing relief to suffering humanity,
both military and civil, in every War torn allied country.
It plans tomorrow to help in tha work of restora
tion throughout the vorld.
It feeds and clothes entire populations In times of
Teat calamity.
It is there to help your soldier boy in his time or
need.
With its thousands of workers, its tremendiia
stores and smooth running transportation faoiliti.x.
K Is serving as America's advance guard and xbmo
helping to win the war.
Congress authorizes it.
President Wilson heads It.
The War Department audits Its accounts.
' Your Army, your Navy and your Allitj enthust
aatieally endorse It.
Twenty-two million Americans have Joined It.
M Cro
1
Helps
Oiirl
This space is patriotically contributed to the success of the Red Cross drive by the following
team captains who will lead local workers in the Campaign to raise Red Cross funds:
Frank Bledsoe, Dr. N. C. Bledsoe, P. M. Buckwalter, George H.
Cobbe, Thomas Cowperthwaite, W. E. McKeehan, M. W. Mitchell ;
Arthur Notman, Joseph Walker, Richard Ryan, Jesse Yoakum THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MAY 19, 1918.
DAILY REVIEW WANT ADS
Advertisements under this bead at the rate of 1 cent per word each Issue, with a minimum charge of 25 cents
Advertisements must reach The Review office not later than S p. m. for insertion in next morning's paper.
Male Help Wanted
WANTED A man to work on a ranch.
Brophy Carriage Co., Lowell. 602
WRITE TO "Y. M. C. A. Schools, Los j
Angeles," about Auto, Radio, Com
mercial and Engineering courses.
Tram for service. 263
WANTED Young man to learn the
telephone business. Apply at tele
phone office. 66Stf
LEARN actual auto repairing, book
keeping, shorthand, radio engineer
ing. Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation. Los Angeles. Catalog free.
230
hemale Help Wanted
V . J 7 ZD A lady to work two or
. j hours a day; in private fam-
i.j. Apply 10 a.', hi. second cement
house, Bakerville. E. L. Campbell.
658
THREE BRIGHT CAPABLE Women
to travel. $25.00 to $50.00 per week.
Weekly advance for traveling ex
pense. Goodrich Drug Co., Dept.
131, Omaha, Nebr. 358
WANTED Waitress; married
an preferred. Box 2093.
wom
605 Positions Wanted
EXPERIENCED NURSE wants work.
Phono C61. 647
A CAPABLE COOK; economical; ac
customed to camp work; wants po-
' sltion; middle aged. Apply X Re
view. Cl.'J
For Sale
FOR SALE 20 Acres for chickens;
close to McNeal; shallow water; pay
$20.00 down and $20.00 per month.
E. P. Grindell, McNeal, at Lowell on
Saturdays. 240
FOR SALE House in Warren; seven
womb; furnished or unfurnished;
all conveniences; large lot. Good
i-3ason for selling. Bargain. Ad- i
dress 12 J. Alepis, Lowell. 622
FOR SALE Brand new residence, on
Vista street warren; one of the best
locations in Warren; lot 55x160 feet.
See Jesse Yoakum. Phono, 645 for!
terms. 624 !
FOR SAI.E Rooming house and turn-1
iture of 16 rooms. No. 120 Opera J
Drive. 659
FOR SALE Household furniture.
ZVi Cowan Ridge. Lowell. 66d i
TYPEWRITER PAPER, good bond,
paper, 81-2x11, at $l.oj .'or 500
sheets. Review Job Dept.
FOR SALE Six laying hens; two
bandy roosters and.one hen. Box
&55 Warren. 643
FOR SALE Well established room
ing and boarding house; rooms all
full; furniture and business, good
cow sna 36 laying hens; a money
maker; rent $25.00; will sell at a
Imrgaiu; party leaving town. Apply
tc M. C. High. 457
FOR SALE Restaurant, in Johnson
Addition; best monsy maker in the
district 111 health of wife reason
for selling. , 593
r
tun bauc Large i room souse, wiin
large glass porch, cement
around house, 41 O. K. St.
walk !
CSS i
FOR SALE B"urniture of four rooms;
privilege of renting house. 21 Tomb
stone Canyon, across from Cast; 3
Rock Studio. Call after 12 o'clock.
i:i7
FOR SALE 4-room furnished huus
Upper Tombstone Canyon, Call red
475. 5)7
FOR SALE Furnished 4-ioom house
and bath. 179 Naco road, Holbrook -
stop. 621
:
FOR SALE 6-room house, furnished.
No. 10 Garden Hill, Lowell. Below
ice plant. 549
FOR SALE Furniture of 10 rooms.
for $401 cash: privilege of runtime
house. Annlv across from OuHI's
Transfei, Tombstone Canyon. 579
RULED INDEX CARfS 5:i inrf.es,
for sale at Review Job Department.
315
FOR SALE
car; easy payments.
Box 1347. 564
REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS
PETEY DINK It Makes a Difference Who Wears the Trousers
For Sale
Furnished Rooms
FOR RENT Bis bee Hotel, Furnished
rooms with running wafer. 352
I FOR
KENT Completely furnished
room; in Warren; near Green way
school, for one or two young ladies;
with privilege of home for entertain
ing. Puone blue S10. 653
LET SON HOTEL Main street; clean.
cool zooms; running water; reason
able rales. 644
FOR R3NT Two furnished
"216 Tombstone Canyon.
rooms.
614
FOR R3NT Furnished rooms with or
without board. Balgay House. 633
FOR RENT Three furnished rooms;
237 School; Hill.
612
MOOSE HOTEL Furnished
$2.00 per week and up.
rooms
377
FOR RENT Two furnished light
housekeeping rooms 163 Opera Drive
sss
JForRent
FOR RENT Modern 6-room house, on
Boulesard, Warren. Willing to give
lease. Charles Daume, near old
school. 601
FOR RENT One four-room and two
room houses, furnished. 207 High
road. 584
FOR RENT A newly papered house,
four rooms, partly furnir.hed. 74
Kansas St., end of Tate Hill. 590
FOR RENT Two furnished rooms,
suitable for light housekeeping or
apartmeints. Vista St., in Warren,
after May 21. Call 791, evenings.
tf
IFOR RENT Two housekeeping rooms
43 O K. street. , 748
FOR RENT Two room apartment. In-'
quire 64 Roberts Ave., Mason Hill
535
FOR RENT Two
nicely furnishes
housekeeping rooms. 14 Jiggervilie.
637
FOR RENT Furnished housekeeping
rooms, 41 Johnson Add., Cement
house. 651
r OK KENT Two story building, with
larj:e basement, suitable for whole
sale bouse or storage and warehouse
business. In center of Bisbee busi
ness district. Rent reasonable. Ap
ply fcibbee Daily Review. 52
FOR RENT Two nicely furnished
rooms for housekeeping; suitable
for bachelors. 30 Montana St., John
son Addition. 3t
FOR RENT Two furnished house
keeping rooms. 120 Upper Lowell.
610
FOR RENT Two housekeeping rooms I
or 4-room house; partly furnished;
pnone U4. htanicy liuse. bia i
FO RRENT Three furnished roous
for hoia;ekeeping, 106 Maso-i Hill.
530
FOR RENT New 3 room house; will
be readv for occupancy May 21st.
Electric lights. Mrs. C. T. Winwood,
AVinwood Addition. 4S5
'FOR
RENT Housekeeping rooms;
41-B, O. K. St. I
654 j
I
FOR RENT Two furnished light
housekeeping rooms; suitable for
for couple. Price, 10.00 per month,
including lights and water. Apply
at 126 Art Hill. 620
FOR. RENT Nice sunny, furnished I
room, wiin oatn, ouisiue entrance, ;
one or two persons. 22 Oak street
or phom 614. 492 !
il OR RENT 3-room, unfurnished
I bouse, also threa apartments. Miko
! I'intek, back of Bakerville Laundry, i
j 623 j
I !
j FOR KENT Three nicely furnished
j housekeeping rooms. 12 Jiggervilie. j
630
POR HK
INT 3-room house; furnished;
u conveniences. E. Turmiin
;-3 .Market. 633
mm.'!
Tovrt
FOR ItE.'.'T Uuiiug summer; 4-room,
furnished house. Two miles from
Warren. Box 855, Warren. 632
rui'
RENT- 3-room.
unfinished
William Slil
631
house. LocKlin Ave.
ncy.
For Rent
FOR KENT Two nice rooms; with
big closet; for light housekeeping;
everything clean, $10.00; lights and
water included. Third house from
Brophys, 16 Tank Hill. 629
FOR RENT Furnished room for light
housekeeping; also other rooms.
Elliott Flats. 649
IFOR RENT Batching rooms. 30 Main
street, 1'pper Lowell. 650
FOR RENT Housekeeping rooms;
mode.'u; yellow house, with sign
block. Back of Bakerville Hotel.
651
FOR RENT Two rooms; furnished
for housekeeping. No children. 2S
Montana St., Johnson Addition. 652
Wanted
WANTED 4 or 5-room, furnished
house; with garage. Box 1946. 641
WANTED One batching room; price
not over $5 per month. Address, LR
Review. 625
LEASE Would like to meet someone
who knows of good leasing ground
in tho Warren district; with the ob
ject of financing the. undertaking.
Subm:i proposition to L, Review.
626
OLD CLOTHES bought.
Phone 739.
5S5
Money to Loan
$50,000 TO LOAN an Improved city
property or for building, on ensy
terms of payment. T. A. Hughes,
over Bank of Bisbee. 2S6
SMALL quick loans on your personal
note to salaried men and women, al
so on furniture. Cox Loan Co. Room
2, Lyric Theatre building. 166
'RULED INDEX CaRDS 5a3 inehc,
for sr.Ie at Review Job Department. I
315
IFOR RENT Three-room, furnished
apartment, in Warren; well equip
ped; irivate bath; combination
range and water header; sleeping
porch. No children. Phone black
681. 639
FOR RKNT Two light housekeeping
rooms, close in, inquire at Blunt and j
1
Blunt. 65j
FOR RENT 3-room furnished house, i
witn piano, inquire urpneum tneater
or 60-a Brewrey Gujch. 66S
(FOR RENT 4-room furnished house
j 170 Ofera Drive. Mrs. Hanlcy.
654
FOR KFN'T Two furnished house
keeping rooms; water, lights and
bath. Phone 610.
Loretto School.
Black house, opn.
639
Salesmen
AMERICA AND THE GREAT WAR
Greatest seller in years. Ev sry
American wants it; lavishly illus
trated; low price. We will pay you
?225.'M tc distribute it. Sample free.
Iiucmiilional Pres4, Philadelphia.
6SS
j SALESMAN Capable specialty man
for Arizona. Staple line on NEW
and EXCEPTIONAL t3rms. Vacancy
now. Attractive commission con- j
trac. jr.5.00 weekly for expenses, i
Miles T Bixier Co., 7 Carlin. Bldg.,
Clev-;lai:a, Ohio. 671
AGENTS Quick, swell seller; 24 Vi
cent profit each 25c sale. No licent'2
requires. e deliver and collect,
Write today, B. Seawagen, 2819 W.
pico, Los Angeles Calif.
,
Lost
670
LOST Oval shape malchite brooch:
gold mounted; safety catch. Return
to 49 O. K. St., room 5. .Reward.
64S
LOST i lunch keys; between
postoi- ;
fico an I Rivi ?w office, iietvvn to
Ilevi-!.- office. Reward. 627
Miscellaneous
SEED-T'hoice, re cleaned, dwarf Miio
luaize, leteiitj und oranKe cane, also
clean chicken feed. Call at the Bis
bee Mill, back of Tombstone Can
yon lire house, for inspection and
prices.
-
KlVilw WANT ADS FOR RESULTS
PRESIDENT ISSUES
OF
M
WASHINGTON, May 18. National
Memorial Day, Thursday, May 30, is
designated by President Wilson in a
proclamation issued today as a day
of public humiliation, prayer and fast
ing. The people of the nation are
asked to gather that day in their plac
es of worship and pray for the victory
of the American armies, which will
bring a peace founded upon mercy,
justice and good "will.
The proclamation. Issued in response
to a resolution by Congress, follows:
BY THE PRESIDENT OF THE
UNITED STATES
A Proclamation
WHEREAS. The Congress or the
United States on the second day of
April last adopted the following reso
lution: RESOLVED, By the Senate (the
House of Representatives concurring) j
that it being a duty peculiarly incum- j
bent in a time of war humbly and de-t
voutly to acknowledge our
depend-j
ence on Almighty God and iinnlore
1 his aid and protection, the President !
of the United States be, and lie is,
hereby respectfully requested to rec-i
ommend a day of public humiliation, I
prayer and fasting, to be observed by ;
the people of the United States with!
religious solemnity and the offering '
j of fervent supplications to Almighty .
God for the safety and welfare of our.
cause, his blessings on our arms, and
a speedy restoration of an honorable ,
and lasting peace to the nations of the '
earth; and j
WHEREAS. It has alwavs been the
reverent habit of the people of the!
United States to turn in humble ap-;
peal to Almighty God for his guidance
in the affairs of their common life; ;
NOW, THEREFORE, I, Woodrowl
Wilson, President of the United
States of America, do hereby proclaim 1
Thursday, the thirtieth day of May. a
day already freighted with sacred and ;
stimulating memories, a day of public i
humiliation, prayer and fasting, and )
do exhort my fellow citizens of all -
faiths and creeds to assemble on that j
day in their several places of worship j
and there, as well as in their homes, '
to pray Almighty God that he may j
forgive our sins and shortcomings-as j
a people and purify our hearts to see !
and love the truth; to accept and de-1
! fend all things that are just and right, '.
and to purpose only those righteous : :
acts anil iudements which are in con
formity with his will; beseeching him J
tJiat h( will crivp virtnrv in our Armies :
as they fight for freedom, wisdom to j
those who take counsel on our behalf i
in these days of dark struggle and I
perplexity, and steadfastness to our
people to make sacrifice to the utmost;
i to support of what is just and true, i
PROCLAMATION
SOLEMN
EMORKAL
bringing us at last the peace in which: April 17, 1913, m,ade Homestead En-1.
mens hearts can be at rest because it try. No. 022187, for WVjNE',4, WSElU. S.LAND OFFICE. AT PHOENIX,
is founded upon mercy, justice and i 4, Sec. 35, and on February 17, 1915, j A1.1ZONA, APRIL 13, 1918.
good -will. i made i'.dditional Homestead Entry. No. Nofce is hereby given that Albert
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have 026763 for SEViNWU. EV&SWVi. SW'A jB. Oliiham, of Bisbee, Arizona, who on
hereunto set my hand and caused the SW-,4, Section 35, Township 23-S. April 9, 191i, made Homestead Entry
seal of the United States to be af-Rant- 22-E. G & S R B & Meridian, No. 027120, lor SEV4. Sec. 13. ENEU.
Hxed. ,-. ' !has filed notice of intention to make NE'.4SE4. Section 24. Township 22 S.
Done in the District of olumbia. this j three year Proof, to establish claim ! Range 25-E, G & S R B & Meridian,
eleventh day of May, In the vear of i to the land above described, before j has filed notice cf Intention to make
our Lord. Nineteen Hundred andljared D. Taylor, U. S. Commissioner, threu year proof, to establish claim
Eighteen and of the Independence of ! at 1'iubee, Arizona, on the 23rd day to the land above described, before
the United States the One Hundred jot May, 1918. jjarei D. Taylor, U. S. Commissioner,
and Fortv-second. ! Claimant names as witnesses: Joel j at Bisbee, Arizona, on the 22nd day of
"WOODROW WILSON. I H. Alien, Cornelius X. Driscoll, Charles j May. 1918.
Bv the President. ! A. Martin, all 3 of Hereford, Arizona.) Claimant names as witnesses: Vil
ROBERT LANSING, ; JOHN L. IRVINE, . liam H. Witherell, Andrew M. Maxam,
Secretary of State, j Register. Henry Ash, James E. Kenney, all of
The Verleral fonncil r.f the Churches Fir.qt Publication. AdHI 20. 191S: last I Bisbee, Arizona.
iof Christ in America, the general sec-,
retary. Rev. Charles S. MacFarland, ;
'announced, would contribute to carry- j
ing out the President's proclamation j
by preparing a common program lor i
all Protestant churches for use on j
Memorial Day.
The Roman Catholic churches will
Issue a message to their parishioners.
WILLARD RETIRES?
CHICAGO. May 18 Jess Willa.-d,
world's heavy weiuht champion pugil-
1st. nas given up nis i.nicago u e
and left today by motor for his larm
near I-awrence, Kansas where he
said he intends to spend the rest of .me next oi Kin oi ine nam wur.i.i um i fc(1,nre jHred d Tavlor, U. S. Com
hia life. al! persons interested in tho said cs-: n,ibt.i()Il(1 pt I;istM.ei Arizona, on the
"The public does not want to see tate, appear before tbis Court on Sat-4,,, (iay of Jun,, 1918
me defend the, championship during I urday, thf 15th aly of June, I'.uS, at j claimant names as witnesses: Jo
the war," the champion declared, be-j 10: on o'clock A. M., at tho Court Room isi,pi, Hammer, Frederick J. Murrell.
fere he departed. "The Fred Fulton j of this Court, at the City of Tomb-jjacoo itaker. George J. McCabe.
match is off and there may never belslone, in the said County of Cochise, an 0f Hereford, Arizona.
another. I am making no definite
i statement about retiring but that!
seems
the probable outcome of the
present situation."
, y
m 1 z
VJHy Hit
i i '
GOVERNOR PROCLAIMS
RED GROSS WEEK FOR
CAMPAIGN IN STATE
Setting aside the week of May 20
to 27 as the time alloted for the sec
ond Red Cross war fund campaign In !
this state. Governor G. W. P. Hunt I
has issued a proclamation calling the '
attention of the people of the state to i
the campaign and to the patriotic I
duty encumbent on each person in !
supporting the drive. The proclama-j
tion follows: j
proclamation Meets every Friday night, "Moose HaU
The President has already through visiting brothers cordially invited,
the press called attention to the dnv; r u. (iLEASON. Director,
for the Red Cross W ar Fund May jy BOSS, Secretary.
20th to 27tu. The achievements 'of1..
the Red Cross are so well known that LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
calling attention to the desirability of j UNITED STATES OF AMERICA,
immediate response to this drive j O RE ADN AUGHT.
seems superfluous. In subscribing to ;
the Third Liberty Loan in an amount !
double its quota, the people of Arizo-I
na have set a wonderful pace. It is f
my earnest hope that this pace will ;
be maintained in meeting the require
ments of the Red Cross as solicited in
its coming drive.
It must not be said that Arizona is
more than willing to invest but re
luctant to give.
XTliov la tia. flmnnoct thlncr UP ran !
give and the amount we give should.
not be measured by the number of
dollars but to the extent that we have
deprived ourselves of antebellum
needs and luxuries,
The vmk of the Red Cross in the
present conflict marks man's greatest
effort in philanthropic service. No
one can afford to be outside the move- j
ment.
It is not the privilege of every home ;
to fly the Service Flag of our country
but the homes in Arizona that cannot
afford to make the small sacrifice i
necessary to membership in the Red!
Cross must be very few. I
In accordance with (he National'
program. May 20 to 27, is dedicated;
to the Red Cross War Fund drive in !
Arizona.
In witi
I have hereunto ;
set my hand and
caused the Great
Seal of the State of Arizona to be af-
fixed. Done at Phoenix, the Capital
this thirteenth day of May, A. D. 1918.
GEORGE W. P. HUNT,
Governor of Arizona.
Attest:
SIDNBY P. OSRORN,
Secretary of State.
:
it is stated that an epidemic has
seriously affected mining in the camps
at Tucson, Ray Haydeu, Winkelman, j
Florence, Amote, Twin Buttes,
San :-
Xavier, yail and Roscniont.
Legal Notices.
INTERIOR
DEPARTMENT OF THE
U. S.. LAND OFFiCE AT PHOENIX, j
AIUZONA, APRIL 13, 191S
Notice is hereby given that George j
L. Dunn, of Stark, Arizona who, on i
publication May 23, 1918.
,
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT
IN THE COUNTY OF COCHISE,
STATE OK ARIZONA.
In the Mutter of the
Guardianship of ANNA
Estate and
AND ROY
NORTON. Minors.
On reading and filing the petition of
Mrs. W. R York, nee Buscubark, the
guardian of the persons and estates of
Anna and Roy Morton, Minors, pray
ing for ar. order of sale of certain real
estate belonging to said wards for the
purposes therein t-wt forth;
IT IS HEREBY- ORDERED, That
then and there to show cause why an (
order should not be Kn.nloa for the;
sal ot such esla.o. ,
AND THIS IS TO FURTHER OR-
LODGE NOTICES
Cards of every fraternal order in the Warren District; giving the essential
facts of each, their meeting nights, tteir officers and the place of gather
ing will be found under their respective headings In these columns.
BISBEE LODGE, NO. 718.
NO. 210.
meets In L O.
O. F. Hall first
and third
MONDAY at
7:30 p. m.
Visiting broth
ers cordially
invited to at-
v" tend.
T. SMITHAN, W. M.
ROBERT FERGUS, Secretary
PvO. Box 426, Bisbee.
BROTHERHOOD OF AMERICAN
YEOMAN
Richard I, Homestead 895, meets
I second and fourth Tuesday at Odd
Fellows' hall. Visiting Archers are
coraiaiiy inviiea.
AIRS. C C. FINLAYSON, Foreman
P. O. Box 1526.
E. D. STINSOX, Correspondent
Box 149G.
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD.
,c
"ii
Lowell Camp No. 46 will
meet every Wednesday
at 7:30, Brophy Nail.
H. C. LANDAU. C. C.
O. B. THOMAS. Clerk.
All Woodmen invited.
PYTHIAN SISTERS
Lily Temple No. 3 meets every 2nd
: and 4th Thursday evening of each
month at Odd Fellows Hall. Visiting
sisters are cordially invited.
j MINNIE BLUM. M. E. C. .
i Phone Black 85L
IDA GLAZE,
M. of R. C.
Box 1475
j DER, That a copy of this ord'er be pub
lished at least three (3) successive
' weeks before the said day of hearing
in the Fisbee Daily Review, a news-
Paner printed and published in said
v-uuuiy ui lucuise.
Dated May 4, 1918.
Judge of the Superior Court
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR
JUtl.NUlKV l.N,
Register.
First publication. April 20, 1918;last
publication May 22, 1918.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION -Department
of The Interior
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Arizona,
April 27. I ':.'..
NOTICE is hereby given that
j Charles A. Martin, of Hereford, Ari
zona, who, on June 5, 1915. made
I Homestead Entry. No. 027365. for Lots
Z and 4. E4 SWU. Section 31. Town
ship 23 S, Ranue 22-E. G & S R It &
"Meridian, has filed notice of intention
! to make Three Year Prooi, to estab-
ilh ,.l:.jffi in tho hinrl uhnvo ilescrihed.
JOHN
IRVIN.
Register.
I irst pubUation j-4
Lust publication. 6 4.
L. O. L-
.
AMERt
Meets in Medlgovie
Hall every Tuesday
night Visiting brothers
welcome.
S. F. BENTON, Councillor.
J. L. BENTON, Recording Secretary.
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS.
Rathbone Lodge No. 10,
Knights of Pythias,
meets each Thnrsdat
(except second) la 044
Fellows' Hall at 7:39
p. m. Visiting brother
cordially invited.
LEON H. RICK. C C
EARL SOBLEY. K. o( R.
FRATERNAL ORDER OF EAGLES,
Bisbee Aerie, No. 175. F. O. &, meet
first and third TUESDAYS, 8 p. a.
Eagle HaU. Visitors cordially wel
come. J. F. WILMOTH. President
F. C. FENDERSON, Secretary.
C. L. EDMONDSON, Aerie Physicist.
; LODGE NO. 671.
Regular meeting first and third Fri
day of each month Visiting brothers
cordially invited to attend.
J AS. 'ALLISON, Exalted Ruler.
R. J. KELLY, Secretary.
KNIGHTS AND LADIES OF SECURI
TY, BISBEE COUNCIL NO. 2115.
Meets every second and fourth Sat
urdays in the month at L O. O. F.
Hall. .7:30 p. to. Visiting members axs
cordially invited.
ARNOLD SCHMID, President.
P. O. Box 3483. Lowell, Arts.
FREDERICK J. ATT A WAY.
Secretary, LowelL
E. UNDQUIST,-Financial Secretary.
P. O. Box 3246, Lowell.
BISBEE LODGE, NO. 10, I. O. O. F.
,imm - ' - meets ever
$ 7'3v WEDNESDAY
u fJXjlL evenm l Odd
JVsT 5s Fellows' HaU,
Main street at 7:30 o'clock. Visltiu
brothers cordially invited to attead.
Hall phone 119.
H. R. TAYLOR, N. G.
CARL V. NELSON. Secretary.
ORDER OF EASTERN STAR.
meets in Masonic Hall
Pearl Chapter, No. C meets
in Masonlv Hall second and
fourth Tuesday of eac
month at 7:30 p. m.
MRS. EMMA WOODS, W. M.
Phone 161. Box 43. Biabe.
MRS. JESSIE BEVAN. Sec'y. P. O.
Box 2299. Chairman Relief Com.
Phone 161.
WEEK ENDING MAY 25. 1918
M outlay
Tuesday
W. W. GIDLEY. W. M.
B. T. W ATKINS, Secy. F. & A. M.
j. W. TOLAND, E. H- P.
C. F. PHILBROOK, T. L M.
F. E. BENNETT. E. C.
F. S. DAVENPORT. Secretary Chap
ter and Commandery.
W. R. BANKS, Secretary CounciL
T. F. B.
FRATERNAL
BROTHERHOOD
Bisbee Lodge No.
452 meets the 1st
and 3rd Mondays
ot each month at
7:30 at Medig
rich HaU. Visit
ing members cordially invited. ,
B. F. MOSS. President
MRS. C. E. FINOTTL Treasurer.
Box 722. Tel. 236, Red.
HONORA MUNCH, Secretary.
Uox 1621.
MOuERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA.
Bisbee Camp No. 13415.
Meets first Tuesday at
Odd Fellows' Hall.
R. L. MOTZ. Consul.
H. F. MATHEWSON.
Clerk.
By C A. VOIGHT
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED
CAN MECHANICS.
V SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW. SUNDAY MORNING, MAY 19, 1918.
Creations in Women's and Misses' Mid-Summer Garments That Embody Grace With Refinement
The new season brings a wealth of novelties in beautiful patterned and colored materials. One would never think by seeing our show
ing of these new garments that there ever was any "war situation" except that American manufacturers have put their ingenuity to work in
many marvelous ways.
Whatever the requirements of women folks are this season in the matter of correct and becoming apparel, our present displays answer
every requirement most eloquently.
-!y Us f 1
A Quarter a Day,
To" Keep the Hun Away.
Buy a Thrift Stamp
A Most Complete Showing of
Mid-Summer Washable Dresses
This showing is attracting the attention of all women these days
that are looking for Summer dresses.
The colorings are soHovely and varied, and the fresh, crisp collars
and cuffs give them distinction and they are set off occasionally by
touches of embroidery.
The materials are plain and figured voile, Scotch ginghams, or
gandies, nets, Georgette crepe, in light and dark shades, Rammie Iinen3
end tissue ginghams.
White Washable Skirts Re?c0hr0fl
Since the separate tub skirts have such a tremendous
vogue this season, it is indeed refreshing to come upon
them in such styles as these. Apart from the usual, yet
moderately priced. Pique, cotton, gabardine, Belgian
linens, cotton corduroy, etc., with wide girdles and large
pockets, at $2.75 to $10.00.
Pretty Little White
Dresses For Girls
They are made of such beautiful
lawns, voiles, nets and organdies.
They reveal their simple elegance in
neat embroideries and lace trimmings,
others reveal more in tucks and ruffles
for their marks of distinction. Their
very variety is almost bewildering yet
what satisfaction it will be to choose
fromthese
Beauty and Style in
. Women's Oxfords
You women whoSS-y
are pretty hard to
please about your
1 1 tVT 1 1 1-1
shops! we wouia iiKe
.
to have you come m V M
and take a look at these,, ZU
snappy, ieainerweigni
oxfords that we are
showing for wear right
now.
Pearl Grey Oxfords, hand turned, sizes
iy2 to 8 AA to D $8.00
Tan Kid Oxford, sizes as above....$7.00
Ivory Kid Oxford, sizes as above.. $7. 50
Absolutely the latest creations.
A New Showing of
Summer Blouses
Which Will Interest You
The collection is so varied that you
will find it a simple matter to select just
the model you most want from this
showing of beautiful Summer Blouses.
Materials are sheer and dainty; col
ors are those in popular favor; trim
mings are exquisit, and prices are rea
sonable beyond belief. Crepes, silks,
taffetas, lawns, linens, organdies, voiles,
etc., are all represented. Really you
must come to see them.
Prices ranging up to $25.00.
Pay as You
Enter or Have
r
the Kaiser Collect
Wt re in the War to the fin-
l Ish. Whether it's a long ride
i or a short one, we will have to
? pay sometime. The cost Is high,
s but It will be higher if we lose
I the war.
We are not going to lose!
But it's goin; to take a lot of
money to win. We have the
choice of backing Uncle Sara
with every dollar he needs or
contributing vast indemnities to
Kaiser Bill.
There's but one answer to
such a proposition for every
red-blooded American; It's
GIVE! Give money, men and
food! Never wavering, never
faltering, never begrudging
GIVINO FREELY and GLADLY
that Peace with Honor and
World Wide Freedom may soon
be won.
BUY War-Savinrs Stamps To
Day. The National Red Cross drive
is on. Every dollar helps.
Many New Arrivals in Summer Weight
Silk and Wool Serge Suits
You will enjoy seeing all these newest idea3 in Summer Suits.
New arrivals are ccming in every day and we extend to you a most
cordial invitation to ccme in and learn for yourself just what the most
favored styles for Summer will be.
Many materials are represented in shades as oyster gray, Belgian
blue, navy, black and white, with vests, b:lts and embroidered collars
in harmonizing colors.
Women's bummer Coats 1-ed i
$15.00 to $39.50 J
In a variety of smart creations. ITie assemblage fea
tures are poplins, tweed mixtures, cut bolivia, wocl
velour, French serges, black and white check, velour and '"'
delhi. The colors are sand, Peking blue, navy, Copen- Buy a Thrift Siarnp
hasten, apple green, reindeer and black. Trimmed with And Help Protect Your Eoy
l
cuffs and collars of harmonizing shades.
Over There.
IIP
il l Wlpsi
Chic Millinery
To Become Every Face
The inspirations for them have come
direct from "master models" and their
beauty lies not in an overabundance of
materials or trimmings but in the ef
fective use and placement of them. To
think that such beautiful hats can be
sold for so little is our surprise for you
to take advantage of.
New stunning Gage Sailors, in all
whitf Prired at $6.95..
Mid-Summer Millinery from $5.95
up.
Special Black Model Hats
Priced at Cne-Fourth Off
Black Silks $ 1 .89 yd. I
Peau de soie, taffeta and messaline.
worth $2.50 in black only, a 36 inch j
width. Special for Monday at $ 1 .89 yd. j
36 inch Fancy Silks at $1.00 Yard. $
A cleanup of an odd lot fancy Silks j
in good assortment of novelty Spring s
patterns, a regular $2.25 value, at j
$1.00 a yard.
Fancy Parasols
Warm weather and sunshine brings
to mind the necessity of protection
from the heat ; hence the advance show
ing of Parasoh in all the popular colors;
prices ranging from $2.50 to $10.00.
Monday Bargain Booth
Specials
Leader Voiles, large variety of patterns,
yard - 2Cc
Light Percales, 36 inches wide, yd., 25c
Extra Heavy Bath Towels, size 24x46,
regular $1.00 grade, special, each....75c
An assorted lot of Odd Towels in
many different sizes. Special, 2 for 25o
and 2 for 35c
LET US SHOW YOU
How Easy bur Easy Terms Are On
VICTROLAS
Just give us an opportunity to explain them to prove
to you that we make it easy indeed for you to have a
Victrola in your home.
Spend a pleasant half hour with us, listening to your
favorite music, and if the Victrola pleases you as we be
lieve it will, just say a word to us and we shall send the
the very instrument of your choice right to your home.
Perhaps you do not care to get a Victrola at this time.
In that case come in purely as our guest and hear any of
our Victor music.
VICTOR and VICTROLAS
From $22.50 to $175
New Summer House Furnishings
Useful Things to Hake Your Summer Comfort Complete All Reasonable Priced Tool
Here we present a selected list in the best makes and grades of things which
will add greatly to your Summer comfort and happiness some of them come near
being absolute necessities, others are exactly that. Included are
Quality and Style Give Distinct ion
TO OUR
if fHj I Ai life !
-u fe mm
if M i wUl
MEN'S SUITS
All Sorts of Furniture, Draperies, Curtains, Kitchen Wares, China
Ware, Couch Hammocks, Swings, Summer Rugs, Woven Hammocks
Lawn Seats, Rockers, Ice Boxes, Refrigerators, Kitchen Cabinets, etc.
t Our assortments of these serviceable articles are greatly varied in size, color,
design and material; but all are of best quality and very reasonably priced. Come
see them at once!
Full Line of Drucker Trunks, All Styles
U. S. Food Administration License Number G-13942
Every man who
wears clothes will find
that his appearance
will be improved by
wearing our clothes.
There's more than
just style in every mod
el. There's perfect fit,
good looking lines and
a harmony of patterns
with each type of mod
el. All this with our
quality which keeps
our suits looking fit af
ter months of the hard
est kinds of wear.
We know that the
best custom tailor can
not produce a better
looking suit, with any
more style or more per
fect fit than ours and
never at our low price.
For men's good clothes
this is your store. '
Included are Hart
Schaffner & Marx,
Hirsh Wickwire, Mi-l
chael Stern, Styleplus
Clothes, from $21 up
Mir
mm ks 1:mi
iifi . mat
mm
! 11
If You Would Keep Abreast of the Styles, Cultivate the Habit of Visiting Our Show Windows Frequently