4
t i i : $ M
TOO SECTIONS
Sixieen Pages.
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service.
VOL. 20. No. 241.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MARCH 17, 1918.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
life
.1
-i
i
i
!
PRESIDENT IS
LABORING ON
1SSPWI
WJson Will Make Effort to
Bring Cxder Out of Chaos
Now Exisiong in Land cf
Slavs; Plans Message.
(By Review Leased vnre)
"WASHINGTON. March 16. first in
timations from official sources that
President Wilson possibly might soon
make a statement bearing on the Rus
Fian debate came today.
Heretofore, statements that the pres
ident was preparing to address con
gress on the -subject have been pure
guess work. Today brought the first
( official intimation that the president
in his close study of the situation ha3
gotten to the point where he was !
thinking of such a course. j
There is no official indication of the
medium the president will choose or
when he will choose it. but it 'is gener-
ally believed that as usual he will dl- j
rest his statement to the world thru
an address to a joint session of con- i
gress. I
Inferences drawn from statements I
bv Sir Robert Cecil. Britisn minister
of blockade. Field Marshal Hinden
hurg and General Ludendorff that j
Germany might be proposing a peace :
at the expense of Russia, made peace I
talk in general no more popular in i
Washington than it has been at any j
time since the United States went to
war. Offici?ls are declining to make
statements for the very reason that
any sort of a etatement would giro
comfort to a pesce movement, gave nit
mistakeable indication of how unwel
come peace discussions were at this
time.
This attitude of American officials j
fonnd a highly interesting reflection in j
French dispatch" giving aocounts of j
tie interviews recently given by Hin
' dentmrg and Ludendorff at ' German j
headquarters and publications in Ger-'
man newnners of the situation on
the eastern battle front. ;
An official dispatch today, from
Berne quotes a Berlin dispatch as de
claring it was the eastern question
which was the object of Hindenburg's
recent, conference with the emperor
and the chancellor. The government
is ejected to make a statement next
week on the situation. The govern
ment it is declared, is occupied with
the result of conferences held between j
the lenders of the- Polish activities and
deleeates from the majority in the :
Reicbstig.
At these conferences there was
nlanned an economic and political al-.
limce between Poland and the Centrpl ;
Powers and even the conclusion of a I
liiilitarv convention. The new policv i
wonlj be unrelated to Prussian Poland ,
and could expand In the east. i
LIKE WILSON'S VIEW
Tlr Review tene Wl")
LONDON. Friday. March 15. Con
siderable space is devoted by the news
papers to comment on the address
made by Foreign Minister Arthur Bal
four in the house of commons on the
subiect of Japanese intervention In Si
beria. The Manchester Guardian says:
"If we are to help Russia, it can on-
lv be in cooperation with her govern-,
ment. President Wilson sees this ,
clearly."
AMERICANS IN
(iy Review leased Wire)
STOCKHOLM, Thursday, Marcn
16. The report that the Germans
are arresting Americans and Eng
lish in Finland notwithstanding
the faf-t that F'nland is nominally
a neutral country, is confirmed by
Mrs. Henry Crosby Emery, whose
husband now is in the hand sor
the Germans there. Mrs. Emery
arrived frcm the Aland Islands to
day. She came on a Swedish Ice
breaker and reported that her
husband, who was a member of a
DILLON PLEADS
(Hv Review I,enif-d M'ire)
ENNISKILLEN, Ireland. March
1G. John Dillon, who succeeded
John Redmond as leader of the
Irish National Isles, replying to
congratulatory addresses today,
said his first task would be to
tell England before the world
20 PERSONS BURNED TO DEA TH
TRI'RO, N. S.. March 18.
Twenty persons were burned to
death in a fire which destroyer!
a lumber ramp at Alvin Siding on
the Canadian government railroad
fifteen miles from here today. Or
these in the camp only four per
sons, including the owner.. A. A.
Sutherland, and his son. Max,
escaped. The fire started from
i 40 FLYING FIELDS
; ARE ON PROGRAM j
If (By Review Leaaed Wire)
If VAtHi.vj TON. March 16. With
the creation of a construction divi
sion in the war department today
to handle the largest single bulld
oK prorarp in history asrgregat
lre Jl,oSJ.0l'0 00 a board ot m.n
tut exneits appointed ty Acting
Seocir.ry Crnwell renm-ted that
The present r-rm of construction
c-ntiact is 'profiteer proor."
The new construction divisicn
wiil replace the cantonment divi
sion which did the prilimlnary
v.ck of building national army
camps, and will carry on an Im
mense building program Involving
hundreds of thouscnis of work
men end extensive structures for
tiie army throughout the country.
It will be pnler the immediate
liiection of the chief of staff.
Headed by Professor A..X. Talbot,
of tte university cf niiiioia, presi
dent 'of the American society of
rtvl! ntrlneers.
The work In prospect includes !
storage teiminals at Boston, Phiia
d?lphia, awt tw enty-eigtit other
points; signal corps cantonments
and aviation neias at iorcy oiuer
ent points; tuberculcsis bespita!
r: Denver and Azalea. N. C; mo
chenical repair shops in Texas and ;
three great office buildings in
Washington.
.
AlJlWlUSCfl "iQTlS
Dash for North
Pole in Airship
(By Review Leased Wire)
NEW YORK, March 16. Roald
Amunsden, discoverer of the south
pole, has not abandoned his plan
to reach the uorth pole by the
joint use of a specially constructed
ship and an airplane, he announc
ed upon bis arrival here today
from an extended visit to the Am
erican .trenches in Europe. The
trip to the western front waa un
dertaken at the suggestion of the
committee on public information
and Captain Amunsden w(jl tell
American audiences In a aeries of
lectures of conditions in the war
rcne tnd of the part American sol
diers are taking.
Cape. Amnusden said he would
be ready to start on his journey to
the north pole in July and waa
anxious to return to his home in
Christiania, Norway, where he has
gathered supplies for a seven year
trip and where the vessel which
is to carry him and his party to
the far north is being built.
The vessel, an auxiliary steam
ship is shaped like an egg. Captain
Amunsden said, bo that she may
be lifted by the jce pressure and
carried along with the northerly
drifting currents toward the pole.
Captain Amunsden's ship will car
ry no wireless, he said, because he
does not want to hear any bad
news from home. While in the
United States he will try to obtain
the services of a capable air pilot
who will be taken along to guide
the airplane which will be part of
the expedition's equipment in the
proposed flight across the pole.
BRITISH LOSSES LIGHT
Rv Review Leaped Wirel
LONDON. Thursday, March 14. The
British casualties reported for the
week ending today numbered . 3,562.
They were divided as follows:
Killed or died of wounds, officers
52; men S22.
Wounded or missing, officers 14S;
men 2,539
In the first week of March the caa-
nalties numbered 3.343, the lowest of
nT week for several months.
FINLAND HELD
party on -their way to the Finnish
coast to the Alands by sleigh, waa
seized by the Germans, together
with several Englishmen. The
women and children above mili
tary age were permitted to con
tinue their trip.
Mr. Emory, who represents the
Guaranty Trust company of New
York, left Petrograd about Febru
ary 28 intending to go to Tonrea.
He was unable to proceed by that
route and decide to risk the
Aland route.
FOR IRELAND
that her statesmen must cease to
talk of a league of nations or pre
tend to carry on this war in de
fense of small nationalities unless
she first set her own house in
order and set free a nation thai
had for seven hundred years groan
ed under her misrovernmenL
an unknown cause in a dormitory
occupied by lumbermen, all or
whom were sleeping. All the oc
cupants of the dormitory. Induc
ing the wife and six children of
one of the workmen, were burned
to death in their bunks.
The Sutherlands occupied an
apartment separate from the
dormitory.
GENERAL SCOTT
RELIEVED FROf
old com
Now in Charge of Embarka
tion Cantonment at Camp
Dix; Wul Not See Acive
Service in France.
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, March 16. Major
general Hugh L. Scott, formerly tfhief
of staff, today was ordered relieved of
ais command of the seventy-eighla
(National Army) division at Camp Dix
N. J., and placed in command of the
camp itself, which is to be made an
embarkation camp. Brigadier General
James T. Dean has been appointed
temporarily to command the 78th div-j
ision.
No official reason foe the order was
lssigfied. General Sco(t came to
Washington this week for examination
iy the medical board appointed to de
termine the fitness of officers to hold I
commands on the fighting front in i
France anl he understood that he had
passed the test. Five other divisional j
commanders had been relieved of their j
commands earlier in the week because
hey failed to pass the physical exam
ination.
Hard Blow to Scott
The general policy in the war de
partment not to give fighting com
mands to officers who hate reached.
the retirement age in the belief that
when an officer has passed 62 years
he is not qualified for the arduous
duties which a command on the battle
front entails, is believed to bq, the rea
the'action taken. General ,
ached retirement age last Sep-i
22. on which date he reiin
s. . m .t- m 1... I
son for
Scott reached
(ember
quished the post
ine posi oi cmei 01 buu um .
was called back into active service.
Friends of General Scott believed to
night that the orders ot the depart
ment must hav come as a severe blow
to him as ever since the United States
entered the war General Scott had
been hoping for ai) opportunity to com !
mand an active division in the great
struggle. He welcomed his relief as ;
chief of staff because it opened the !
way for his being recalled for active ;
service and assigned to a division, t
During his tour of inspection In France. !
which followed his return from Russia i
where he saw the last offensive under- tsts pictured airplanes over lokio anil trenches were nukkly dug. but with. Killed In action. 8; died or wounus. sei.c0n at Moscow, in spite of the op
taken by the Russian army launched, I submarines from Vladivostok. Tbc. unerring methods. Mr. Baker took a 2: died cf accidents. 6: died of d s- ,:r(,i,!on cf rn important element of
General Scott took everv means to
prepare. himself for a command on the
American sector. j
Will Equip Troops
As cora-nander at Camp Dix, Gener-1
al Scott will head a supplemental em-
barkation cantonment. The quarter-)
master's corps hall found it necessary ;
to have additional quarters available ;
for the handling of troops enroute to
the front as the process of sending
divisions forward is speeded up. All
divisions are re-equipped completely !
with clothing and every other necessi-
ty at these embarkation cantonments ; 1
before thev go aboard ship. It has
been understood that Camp Dix would directed against Russia, but as as ally
be used for this purpose when the sev-; loyal to the Russians, wishing to save
enty-eighth division now training the country. One of the most outspok
there has gone forward. ; en papers is the Kokumin Shimhun.
It 'is intended to have General owned and edited by lichiro Tokotomi,
Pershing return to this country in de-' a close personal friend of the premier.
tachmeuts of thirty the officers wo , JaP" " "thS,ttW5,y ' here that the 'Americans have taken
in his opinion have assimilated the de- stated that If the tnited State. de.. j.ench Voterili-.ry pract'ea. ex
tails of modern warfare from the a clinea Its support the situation will bo Uractln" the ' Bray" frcm r mule bv .1
tual association with front line opera- Bdelite hause of the fi-, ' , ' - ,ra, 0nlU)n on the nos.
tions ontheAmerican sector. nancial and material assistance that ; n s,, ' can
7.? "!.n!.V. fc J
IUC imicmcui uo nuiu luo
officers who have been longest in
L, " T" ZlLlTl
in general staff work and interchange'
between the department and the fight-1
ing forces which officials would deem 1
proaucuve to smootn aaminisiration
Presumably, qualified officers of Gen-1
eral Pershing's staff who have been
.
1 . . 1 , !...!
for .no. H,.tv the front will he -
signed wherever possible to duty in
Washington duringthe period of re-1
mneration. their services and exnerl-
ence thereby being of continuous valuo
to the government. In this connection
it was learned that in accord with the
inj j,.ihi. in ir.irnTw. in. i
capacitated officers will be gardually
nlaced in charge of all training units.
replacement divisions and other mill-!
tary agencies ana in tne inimea
fit for service in France to division'
I training in this country.
TO DISCUSS PEACE PACT
States which require the supervisor-, cwr hIjfS, technical military inform-l t" " u,u
of trained military men. That process ; ,1icn hv r,,Hrine Srnirf .-hn U .mriir i respondent :
already has begun with the assign-, - . L -nar-ed with viol "in the 'These cays nave been wortn myi
iment of ma ior .enerals nhvsicallv un i "l-- L5. ,th Vh ."'.trip across the Atlantic in th? Infor-!
WASHINGTON. March 16. An offl-
the German Reichstag on Tuesday
will discuHR the treaty of peace with
.,, . . . -
Russia, with chancellor Von Hertling
and foreign minister Von Keuhlmann
speaking for the government. On Wed
nesday the Reichstag is to vote on the
new 15.000,000,000 marks war loan
with adjournment fixed for Friday.
ORDER MASSACRE
JASSY, Rumania. Friday. March 13.
After the Germans entered Odessa,
on Wednesday, the Bolshevlki embark
ed on steamers for Sehastapol.
Before leaving General Muravivieff.
Bolshevlki commander in chief, order
ed the massacre of officers, capitalists
and bourgeoise and demanded the pay
ment of 20.000.000 rubles by the popu
lation of the city.
i ."I .7 . rT IiVi"'8 tamps, wanted to know how
cial dispatch today from Berne said ,iv(.d ,n ramp how ,h
UOMES OF POOR IX PARIS Alii: IV RECKED BY GERM AX S
AIR RAIDERS1 DOM US, MORE THAN 100 ARE KILLED
t...V
"
1
7
Kit y
9i
I f"
5
4
View of several houses
The boche airmen do not often
rry their f rightfulness to Paris,
aa the risk is so great, but their re -
i MING TO
SECURE PROMISE
Of- CHINESE AID
Nipponese Wciind Bring Rival,
'
Factions in China Together !
- o
... .
EC That Help Will Be As -
F
sured If Required.
TOKIO. Thursday. March 14. When!
week ago the possibility of Japanese
rk i : '-..VS. - !
,.. . . ' . . -gay,?. --- r f .
- - " r- !.",'- i
JAPA
intervention in Siberia became known 1 j Tries Out Guns. 1 orncors one Killed :n action, one in
and a Hood ot opinion from the west- j At heavy artir.ery training cann 1 ?n accident and seveu slijrhtly wound -
era press poured Into Japan, thene was Secretary Baker sw a battery ofje-d were contained in th? casualty
considerable excitement in the beliefhonir ranse calibre guns nut Into -Dosl-ilist issued today by the war depart -
that speedy mobilization of the Itrmy
and navy would be ordered. Extrem-
nistorical uuts
in tne aiei necKiea
the government, and the newspapers
were filled with contrary views, ac -
cording to the interests or the imael-
naiion 01 mose responsioie or tnose
not responsioie ior tne situation,
Presently, however, the jtone became
quieter and it appeared possible to see
more clearly the true Japanese out-
100K. wntcn is cnaractenzed in many
quarters as "entirely safe, sane and
loyal."
Today virtually the entire responsi
ble press of the capital is advocating
intervention in Siberia in cooperation
with the entente alles and China not
TT"i" . r
......
to be lacking. As a matter of fact ;i
jan w;,k" T"H",n . ' '
while onl: , a vinh.tsjeer at
ter Motono as being under American
influence.
i iue vmueso pruuiem is one oi mi
most serious features. It is recognized
'that this is China's great opportunity.
-J T .. in.. . V. 1 .1 . .U
north and south to settle their differ-
ences by a sound compromise, form a
capable national government at Peking
and join Japan and the allies in guard-
ing the frontiers and helping Russia.
i Some indications are manifest that
this effort may be successful.
:
WOMAN IS HELD.
I r, ricn t.t.. m.k i
oujrie3 "were made c- soldiers about
i ser, lce anin.unition. field rations and:
I .".'' ' LI." "TT"
t rrM. I i l .
f"s.u.e r'" . ,.- "U,,TM"
,, , . .
stified she asked them fo, photo-
tiphs of Fort Bliss and the suVronnd -
thevi
. , ' '. ", .,... .t."' ..T
ey re-
ijiiiit-u uu iiiui uuy ttnu uiiitrr uiiii
tary information.
A Spanish code was
( i
showing s.ie
1 hal visited!
had been in Denver and
coal mining towns of Colorado and
New Mexico where fedoral officers
ray Austrla-ns are employed. Her
hearing was continued until Monday.
ROBBER CONVICTED. j
BRIGHTON. Colo.. March IS. The'
jury which herird th case of Philip,
Cthen, produce nietchant of Sterling.
.n p. -arge of rtbbery in connection gram fro-n Berlin to the Koelnische
with the hold-up of Mrs. Irene Nilan Volks Zletung states that the Germans
at the Model roadhouse. January 2. found 15 Russian airships in the har
returned a verdlst cf guilty ?arly this bor ot Odessa hen that city was occu
morning. ; pied.
1 1 I 1 ' 1 '
in poorer section of Pari artir February air raid by Germans. "'ST.
cit raid caused the denths ot more'cally all the dead were women and
than 1W residents in the poorer sec- children. The raid was of "military
It ion of the french capiUL
lacu-1
Baker Marvels
At Great Work
Done in France
ON BOARD SECRETARY BAKER'S j
SPECIAL THALV IN FRANCE. Thurs-j
, day, March 14. (By the Assoditsdj
! Press) Secretary Baker's first work'
after his conferences witb the French
?" American generals nt the capital j
rPSn ' bein his study of what!
are doing and ought
trt At in PraifB Kv ri pnrvpv ftf n praf I
ir department
I I em still cbs
i w w . . . ' '
crbing." said he at
i the end cf 5 fotirteen-hotir day. i
' Ttist say frankly that I did not know
the Immensity of tho project we are I
undertaking In opening new (ports.
and when I see what we have accent -
j plUhed here I am satisfied.".
I tKt. They were swung over by auto-j
( n ;fci1e r rat-tors and shallow recoil;
j ytsnd close to one of the great pieces
j and (olbwed the explanation of the
! major in command. It whs one of the
I rew. sng from , French workshop
r na cf a type with which the American
artillerists are already making a repu
tetiDn on th front.
The secretary Had been told by
French officers of the ekill of the
.American gunners in handling this
w3apon, in the management of which
the French srtilterists heretofore had
considered themselves unexcelled.
Mr. Paker became so Interested that
he mounctd the chief gunner's stand
ani locked thraush the sight and,
watched the adjustment of the piece
to the ranee markings.
Remove Mule's Bray.
The seiiretrry -visited a remount
depot, which for the most part con-
i)sed cf immense mule s ables. It
heard a mile or two upcu silent
ii-M. at t hnn. will honnia
! harmless whenics not enouah to
' wen the enemy ani draw his shell
j - r wounded!
Americans, and talked with them. He. Zied of accidents: Lieutenant An-;ine in Flanders as well, for the Ger-lit-ned
to some personal accounts of drew Carl Ortmayer; Corporal Clif-.n-an sta'ement complains of -asual-
the men's experiences. At the end
, , r , JK
f th dly-k f l,,
G,e"era ,Pershin' in ianMl,1 the
' l ic it ca lit
. I 1 1 . MIU .
I nad long urged the secretary to;
! CCIue to France. Now that he is here ,
: re delighted that he means to.
ke the time to master the details
I our situation, as our chief who
carries all our military effort at home
Jand abroad in his mind. He Is see-
lng with nis on e) es wna: we are
' J..ln. An thU aHa an.l vlcit ic
t laiuij m iiii. "lui' cis'u
personal inspire. ion io every ouicer
and r"an'
& encoumwment which tey
! hrve given me.
I have seen oaly the
effort in two ports, onlv the receiv
1 PI I1IL 111 mU 17-1 1 l 1II ictri'"
d of hv preai war ,ant
l., 'we are conatnlrtln,. BJt !
have reen enou?h to convince me that
we r.ow have an organization which
: .ii
meet the problem with its in-
! creasing volume of demand, of copl
1 1 . i i . . i .t . .
ing up iuv ns ot riuuHi ' iiui ai.
fc wUfj the rtg of debarkation
.
In France.
n. ih.i ...jtlim mn. rt j
have gven mf. an ,nndeoll(U, ,(lea of
Ikr difficulties, which the enemy said
we could not overcome and which we
are overcoming."
CAPTURE SLAV PLANES
ly Kevlew Ianefl Wire)
AMSTERDAM. March 16. A tel-
; r v.
'-7 - . X Mil
h
imDonance, saia ut (jermana.
EIGHT AMERICANS
KILLED IN ACTION
jg Qlhers Die From Various
Causes in France; No Se -
'
; .
Verely Wounoed Menaon -
ed in Latest Report.
j WASHINGTON. Marrh 16. Eighty-1
! five names, including thoie of nine
rnent. The list was divided as fol-
lows:
I ease. 10; al?i from undetermined
It was explained at the department
th.it with two or thtee exceptions the?
names in the list were cabled today
by Geneial Pershfr.g. The exceptions
wer names held over from yrster
jay's casualty report bvcause of dif
ficulties in checking. Most of the
lorty cdi nsmes- held up yesrteriay,
however, were those of men recom
mended for pron:o:iou or cnutioned
n va-ious aetivitieM for the exjedi-i
ionary forces. They at first
takei to be casualties.
or
Today's list, the fir.t in weeks to.
rcntain the nan"s of no m:in severe
ly wounded, follows:
Krjlcd in action: Lieutenant John
Norman: Sergsnst Iuis E. Leffew;
Ccrpoial Leo H. Rogers; Private--
t"red M. Eas-er. Charles L. E. Luesin-
fland. Claude W. Newiee, Srowe Pet
ty. O-car Swartj. j
D:ed of wounds: Corporal Marvin
Bunn; Private liaa V. lrJceltn.
Died of disease: Corporals Ignatius
, Fleming Walter E. Furen. Herbert H
I k-r.imhli Prr.-v Sun' -iWOr:a:
I rivctf i Wi'l Galloway, Charles M
' Ho,f nin-j. Thoophile Joseph
Proul,
Welch NSAnhK
Harrison
Fisher.
ford J. Stevtns; Privates John J.
u.
f
- John
i I 1
Brannon. Peter Cuzan. Georg? Mo,
E. Hawkins,
I 1. H U V 1 II- t U ' IV' V " - . 1 ' r v -
l.yrd W. Penro-.l.
Among those wounded slightly are:
Major Jorn W. Downer; Captain liar-
ry B. Whitney: LIrutonants Blake H.
Cooley. Herbert J. Jc.nes. Donald G.
PERSHiNG REPORTS
MacLnchlan, Frank M. Mitchell. War-'bat erics near Rheims. on tlie Ir
ten A. Ransom. ; raine front and in Alsaoe. No i hange
i in tb"sir;itiin in ths American se-t-
CONVICTED OF BLACKMAIL ots In I orrrino has been indicated
ATLANTA. Ga.. March 16-
.Mrs. Al
! A. Hirsch was convicted today of an
I attempt to extort S.W.OitO from Mayor
Chandler by blackmail.
HOLLAND NOW WILLING
WASHINGTON, March 15. Hoi-' the war zone, might indicate that The
land, on the eve of iter shipping be-: NVh-rlamis government waa propos
ing taken over by be I'nited States, jnn something now in connection with
and Grout Britain has given evirtonca
of a readiness to make a voluntary
agreement to that purpose, even agree
ing that the sliiys shall be sent
through the war tone.
In view of the continued pressure
upon The Netherlands by Germany in
opposition to stuh a step, offi'-ials
I hre were mystified at the sudden
Ichame in the situation and bean
to speculate upon what arranc.'ineau
Holland mlsht have made with I erlin.
It. was stated in official quarters
that Holland probably would make lib-
era! concessions to Germany when nj-eenble hut that they must be taken
f.ha turns the ships over to the allies over Monday, at all events, on the
but it w.is feared that the sudden ac- Mnal terms presented to The llacua
qulesence with the long opposed pro ty the American and British diploma
vision that the ships be sent through: tic re-present at ives.
PEACE PACT
IS RATIFIED
B! RUSSIANS
IT CONGRESS
Soviets Approve Agretments
j With Germany by Majority
( m
Vote; Decide 1 3 torni Army
1 From Both Sexes.
By Review Leased TVIre)
I MOSCOW. March 16 The all-Rus
jsian congress of Soviets has ratified
the peace agreement with Germany by
j a large majority.
A Bolshevik! resolution approving
""" tthe acts of the government of the work
mens and soldiers delegates and of tha
lpacs delegation and calling for organ-
ization of the defense of the country
by the creation of a national army of
!:
restoration of peace among the war
ring factions and his statement that
he treaty might be broken under
changed circumstances. The opposi
tion notably tho social revolutionaries
of the left, in.'de a valiant, but futiio
effort to prevent the acceptance of the
treaty, which was characterized by the
minister of justice as being "anti-revolutionary
and anti-socialistic."
! "eP!Lae?l,tnV..
ary rarty repul.
'' Ttton
wOUItl resieil Iron
lie stated that the social revolutioi-
ated the resopnslbili-
cceptance of the treaty.
from the government and
! .1 n aA
,the orRi4nizaturi of armed resistane.
1 to German imperiasm.
if
Var Summary
! Russia hai bowjj to the Cen ral
j pcv.ers. Tue hard term o f he pe ice
) r?atv Kiihniire.l bv the Germans at
( Bresi-Litovsk have Veen aereed 10 bv
; ill-Russfcw. cnnirress of Su.ie:s. in
the Russian-people.
Tr.3 result of the vote wu forecast
in the eniiomcetnont fro u Mocow on
I."ric!ay that the ISolshevif l delegates
to the Ms?ow congress had. at a
f.arty caifcans vote-J in favor, of rat
ifications. The wssaire sent by Pres
ident Wilson to th? congres in which
he expressed his sympathy w!:h th
T'ussian people, was read at the opn
iuf, session cn Thuisd.iy niaht. It
v-s re.-ei-. "d with marked enthusi.fsra
and a r.'nly eniboaying a rrsoliuion of
j up! redatiun wns tent to t!:e American
people. Try tr.er? was spirrea op
pos'tion to ths ratification of th
treaty is evidenced by rep.)r!. that
tr.-.uble bioko- out Friday betwc-u the
P-!shevi!;I and social revolutlcriaries
of the left, who have b"en represent-
jn.. t,e t0uncil of people's commis
saries.
No Chanpe .In Wet.
The military situation on tho French
Pelyian frou: has shown no mark d
chanse in the 'ast '.'4 hour. The
most nrtable development was the in-i-easing
activity by the British cn tlu
old Arras front from Arras itself as
far south as St. Ouentia. reported by
! Berlin. Apparently the British long.
; ranee guns were doing effective work
' fonie distance behind the Cennan
: tits anient the population of Menin
and Halluin more than five miles in
1 advance of the British front southeast
Ul 1 1I 11 rT I uj 1 . . ' ' 1 . 1 1 ' ' '
; tire and airplane bombs.
i;,-th German an, -French reports
show ttat h-uvy artillery fire has been
in prtwrres in the Verdun recion end
at there has been brisk work by the
though Paris reports a iicrman r.ii;I
, in C;e vicinity cf Fley.Ty noHr the
j American seotor northwest of Toul.
iwhUh wss repulseu.
the negotiations which. Great Itritaiti
iind the I'nited States would be un
able to accept.
The official at'itude here is that all
nrrans-emenls have been made to
tnke over the ships on Monday and
that the infection of any new propos-
r.ls by HoPand cannot stay the deci
sion reached in London and Washing
ton. It was stn'ed thnt If Holland desires
to 'urn over the shipping on terms al
ready laid down, by voluntary agree-n-ent
it would be considered very
" THE B1SBEE DAILY REViEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MARCH 17, 1918.
D
17 A HVf TL, 17 A QUinhJQ 1 V A QTZTP
Authentic Modes in SUITS, COATS, DRESSES, MILLINERY and BLOUSES
"INSPIRATIONAL" You'll feel the inspir:
aticn the very moment you enter the women
garment department Designers have worked
with si: ?ing hearts. Colors are Vibrant. There's
' rhythm in line the poetry of style !
The curtain quivers parts slides to either
3de Look! Here are the fashions you'll see and
adore and wear two weeks hence at Eastertide. .
3
Have You Any Thrift Stamps?
A THRIFT STAMP is a credential that will take you anywhere.
It is a certificate of good standing in the Grand Lodge of Good Ameri
can Citizens, that great order of .Liberty workers of all trades in the
spirit of savins- Almost everybody now has a Thrift Card and adds
a stamp as often as possible.
GARMENTS OF surpassing loveliness
aw3it you here in fascinating array and in a di
versity of styles well nigh inexhaustible. While
new creations are arriving daiiy by express it
would be the part of gcod judgment to make
selections "NOW," when asrortmenu provide
perfect individual choice and there's plenty of
tirrts to make necessary alterations. Choose
your Easter apparel tomorrow.
Suits of Rarest Beauty for Street or Formal Wear
Everything in the way of style; everything in the way of variety; everything in the way oi goodness'
and newness of materials and everything in the way of fine tailoring. Is there anything that means more
to the looks' and -wearnig qualities of a Suit than a combination of these fine virtues? We think not.
TAILORED STYLE NOVELTY STYLES ETON STYLES IN THE MOST WONDERFUL MATERIALS BROUGHT OUT
FOR THE NEW SEASON AND IN ALL THE MOST FASHIONABLE AND DESIRABLE COLORS AND SHADES.
There are 'great numbers of strictlv tailored suits with medium length Jactets. Great numbers of helled and gemi-belted
jackets, some in trench style. Then there are those very smart and desirable jackets with pleated backs; others with braid and but
ton trimming, the Fancy Yestee Is "a vy new and novel feature. .
A Variety of Clever New Suits at $25.00 and $29.50
Every One a Special Value Because of Advantageous Buying
EVERY DAY we add to the wonders.of our stock of $25.00
and S29.50 Suita every day the express brings its quota of au
thoritative models fresh from Uie style marts of New York so
that tomorrfcw our Bhowing of Spring Suita at these two low
prices will be c;uitc the most extensive shown bo far this season
ADD TO THE FEATURE of splendid assortment, unusual
value by reason of careful buying and close marking ratio, and
you will readily see why "The Fair? store suits at $25.00 and
29.50 are supreme In the Southwest. Serges, rugged tweeds.
mixtures, gaberdines and jerseys In a
Spring's newest colors.
wonderful -ariety of
if!'
a'
7
SUITS
$35.00 to $39.50
THIS SEASON, while other stores
have taken the raise in the cost of
materials, the substituting of inferior
qualities and inferior workmanship,
simply as a matter of fact, we have
been working hard and finding ways
to get the same goodness in our $35
and ??9.50 Suits that we have always
had Kow well we .bave succeeded, we
leave to your own judgment. SEE
THEM. We have all confidence that
vcur decision will be favorable.
SUITS
$42.50 to $65.00
WE'LL EE GLAD to show you these
exclusive OneOf-e-Kind Suits that you
may know all about the new style
features for Spring. Long slenderii
ins collars, collars with lapels, con
vertible collars, belts that tie, belts
thpt go part way around and button on,
wide belts and no belts at all; Jackets
in all the smartest lengths. Flap over
peckets, cut-in pockets and patch pock
ets; and many other features.
SILK DRESSES $16.50
NEWLY UNPACKED just as fresh and smaA and colorful as can be.
Pretty taffetas, foulards, silk gingham. repe de chine and novelty silks, plain
colors, plaids, figures and camaflouge designs. They are the kind of dresses
women find very practical for the first spring days and indispensable for
many days afterwards. Price $16.50.
)(! Ii,.p
ml
1P' 'x y fe757???rr!l
.(-. , .... l-i? a mm
n
A $18.50 to $32.50
'11 V l OMixiAL study or tne
vr-t S nerds of our customers our prido.
tne HDinty to supply iiiem iirsu i lie
demand o fthe hour is the smartly
tnilored Krock and Jersey Cloth or
Serge, and "The Fair store Is
ready to supply you with these
practical Dresses at very low prices
Dresses that are tiesirab'.e not
rkre for their service giving quali
ties, but because of the smart style
Mut lias been incorporated into
tVni: n:od(l3 for street, shcpping.
business or j informal afternoon
wear In the new spring colors.
Hartmann WardrobeTrunks
$35.00, Up to $100.00
THE SUPERIOR QUALITY and convenient fea
tures of the "HARTMANN" Wardrobe Trunk will
immediately appeal to you. It represents very un
usual value and will give the '
RIGHT SERVICE BECAUSE IT IS
BUILT OF THE RIGHT MATERIAL
THE HARTMANN Wardrobe Trunks are 40
inches high and will hold as many- garments as any
45-inch trunk. Therefore, you will find a great sav
ing in your excess charges, which is from 10 to 15
pounds less than any trunk of a like quality manufac
tured. THE PATENTED CUSHION TOP WHICH
IS F3UND ONLY IN "HARTMANN
TRUNKS", LOCKS YOUR GARMENTS
PERFECTLY AT THE END OF THE
TRUNK AND A SIMPLE RETAINING BAR
LOCKS THEM AT THE CENTER.
The shoe box at the bottom is superior to pockets,
as it is so placed as to be out of the way and makes
it very convenient to get your shoes without disturb
ing. your other garments. "THE HARTMANN"
has many exclusive features not found in bther makes of trunks
wh'.ch makes them a pleasure to use. And. youll not find a
wrinkle in ycur garments at the end of the trip. The cost is no
more than you will have to pay for any ordinary Wardrobe Trunk
$35.00 to $10.00.
yf&&& New Separate Skhts Authentic Spring Millinery Creations, $8.50, $10 and $12.50
ivy' . xr -ii f li Tf 'X f III
THE NEW SPRiNG SKIRTS are here
for everyone to see and for everyone to
delist in. No matter if you have no in-'
tentions of buying, we want you to' feel
perfectly fre to ccme and see these love
ly new models and materials.
AND, we are sure it will be a sight
worth seeing, for where is there a nor
mal woman but who loves to look at pret
ty skirts?
WE HAVE prepared a most wonderful
assortment, in the most varied collection
of styles and materials; silks, satins and
and foulards in the latest designs and
'rolcrinas; stripes, plaids and figures.
Crepe de chine, faille, serge, poplins. Gab
erdine in the plain colors that are decid
edly popular and fashionable, and there
are plenty cf the favorite black-and-white
checks here. too. Prices range
from SS.50. $10, upwards to $16.50.
SPRING COATS
$1850 to $35.00
SHOPPERS for spring Coats will Hnd
easy thocsing here, an ' assortment em
bracing all the smart novelties as well aa
ti-e pleasing, practical styles of the new
season, and all so moderately priced.
Developed in all fashionable materials,
in atl the bripht. brilliant, dashing new
t.hads. Prkes range from $1S.50 up
to $35.00.
..V.'E HAVE A HAT FOR YOUR EVERY NEED, from the simples! ta'lcred design, to the most exquisite flower trimmed
models. The new Easter" showing, of millinery is up to our usal lilfii standard ct completeness and more coming every day.
ON MONDAY THERE WILL BE A SPECIAL SHOWIN3 OF A NEWLY ARRIVED ASSORTMENT OF NEW
YORK PATTERN -HATS. THE LATEST AUTHENTIC CREATIONS, POSSESSING CHIC, DASH AND CHARM.
AND $12 50.
ch of smartness to your costume FOR AS YOt
ats present verv unusual value for the money. SEE-"
THBl; MONDAY.
PRICED AT $8.50.t10.00
Let-as assist you In seieiting itst the right hat to jive the pn !.-.h1rig touch
KNOW, vour whole appeerance can be marred ttf your'THit." These new J a
Spring Hats
$4.95 and $6.95
Wonder Values
THE MOST wonderful showing ot
Fashion Trimmed Hats.: and unques
tionably the smartest styles and great
est values ever offered Bisbee women,
is represented in these ; two special
groups that will be displayed Monday
a ?4 95 and $6.95. ;
"THE FAIR" is helping, as it al
ways helps every woman with a love
ur he-utitul clothes to x secure her
Easter Hat at a price that will be with
in hsr purse limitation, riliets that are
freih, cmp and down-tollie-mlnute in
style. SEE THEM. MONDAY.
Slip-Over Sweaters
In Smart, Dashing Styles, $3.95 to $35
SLIP-OVER SWEATERS so Fashion ha decreed and we have ust received a
m w shipment the most exquisite, lovely styles 1a these popular Sweaters brought
oi t this season.
Some are hand-made in real Frenchy styles of Angora, Shetland Zephyr, Real
S':k, Fiber Silk and Worsted in bright dashing shades of the sprinctime. They are
all in the popular slip-over style, sleeveless, bH not always- rollarless. for some of
the smartest models have large, snappy collars of Angora in bright, vivid colors
Women's Sweaters from $3.95 to $35.0u. Styles, for misses at $3.95 to $10.00. CMI
di ?n's $3.00 to $6.50.
Bungalow Aprons $1.25 to $2.50
IT IS ONLY NATl'RAL that you lo?k to "Tlie Fair" for the newest and best
in BUNGALOW APRONS and HOUSE DRESSES.
HL'T. in view of present market conditions, it-is hardly reasonable to believe
tl'at vou'd expect them at tne low prices we've 'a'UAched to this new Spring collec
ts n and we tranklv a'iniit that it Is because; wVJiought eraly that prices are not
higher. V ' '
Mane of excellent quality Percale and Gingham in stripes, plaids, figures and
crocks, middy styles anj button fronts, others with shoulder buttons and wide belts. .
9
1
IV
COLGATE'S and Other Toilet
Goods at Economical Prices
MARCH, with its usual dry, penetrating winds, that causes trie skin
to crack, peel and get roueh. makes it imperative that the complexioi
receive more than the. usual amount of attentioa if it is to be preserved,
and. of course, you'll want the best toilet preparations you ran get, ami
a' the smallest prices to be had; this combination .of "quality and low
price" in toilet goods will be found at the Fair Store. Note the prices
below; .
b r - r K' r i c
lk '''.frCri-ZTa DAGGETT and Ramsdell's Face
y.; jl.tZZTi UJ L VNP Crram in three sizes, small Jar?
' 79'iil ji:S?&. at 10c. medium jars 21c and large
l 4iSir -21 jars for - -4Tc
T -rif ZiZ-'f V Tn"sJ ro.ND'S Vanishing Cream per tube
i v)Xv'jY. or jar - 21C
Ili-l.l'i-'lVf 'iJ if;W Hind's Knnev and Almond Cream.
Vr.?' Vr3f I per bottle .49c
Al
C(M .GATE'S Rig Bath Toilet
Soap l."c. or two cakes for 25c
STORK Castile Soap 15c a cake, or
two for , 25c
V T' T I C I R A Toilet Soap per
Cake ' 22c
WOODBURY'S Facil Toilet Soan.
per cake ' 21c
JAP ROSE Soap 10c a cake, or
three for
POMPEI.VN
laree size
POMPEIAN
jar
Massage Cream, per
jar 98c
Night Cream, per
31c
MILKWEED Cream ic
small jars 47c. and
for
two sizes,
large Jrs
.93c
Spring Neckwear 35c to $3.00
TNTKP.VST WILL ffnter Mnndav at the Neckwear Counter- You'll
n' t wntitier !iy vin you s-e the .'plenriid collection we've as3em!il?d
frr T-i'ir r-joosinc; the dnirtineis of mterial, the smsrtness of design
i'id prp!fy trimri.ings will surely appeal to you.
A STERLING ASSORTMENT ti-.at has been carefully chosen1; New
R:.I CoV.ar.-t i:i Wash Satin, organdy, silk Rciip and lawn, lace and em-br.iJui-y
irii.'.ir.f d Collar and cuff tets in all the new designs and mate-
i.::t?; vrrtftps in ot't. two and three button stvles with Hat and roll col-
Lif;.; lacs j;tb 13. Ktotks. liawl and sailor collars the new Gypsy Tie.
e I:;? of ih" sfason. n:av dp tied in ma'iv different wavs, in all spring
Pl.-s.
Cream, large
ORIENTAL
for
COLGATE'S Talcum
can
SQUIBBS Talcum
'can
RIVER1S" Talcum
can
MARY GARDEN Talcum
a Van
jars
$12
Powder ier
i8c
Powder , per
2c
Powder.
per
2 ic.
Powder.
75c
CUTEX Manicure sets, two sizes.
at 29c and 3c
LEHN & KINK Poudre de Riz In
two sizes, small box for,19c. large
size for 39c
LA BLACHE Face Powder, box 44
"COLORITE" Hat Dye for straw
hats, a bottle lor 21c
CARBOLATED Vasseline. large
jai :
W!MTE Vasel.ne. a jar' VJe
PETROLEUM, small jar 5c, large
jar lfc
NONSPI. preventative for pers-
riring "!)'
MUM. per 1ar - 211
LIP STICKS, each 21--
COLGATE'S Dental Paste, per
fur.o 20c
PEBECO Too:h Paste, per tube 3!tc
KOLYNOS Intal Paste, tuhe 21c
MENNEN'S Shav'ng Cream, a
tube 21c
COLGATE'S Shaving Povder, a
can 23c
IJSTERINE. 3-ounce bottle for U'c
LISTKRINE. 7-outiCe bi tt'e for 50r
MKNTHOI ATUM. small jar lc.
large jar for 3Wi
Special-Silk Stockings. $1.50
THERE WILL BE no disappoint nifnts for th woman who buys
these silk stockings ait Monday's sale price, they are of dependable
qi'al'ty. hiuh spliced .J.eel, double sole rnd toe. deep garter lop. sizes
S's to 10, In Mte. green, brow n, gray a d fdue with while or contrast
ing colored stripes, ritular $2.00 value 'or;$1.50 a pair.
Sale of Veilings, 29c yd.
ALTHOUGH veild..lifr .charms hp i not be half concealed, lint
about twenty five prri.Cial enhaticcd. sraking in a manner of figures.
Tin's is March, the scti jcu of veil.', and Monday presents an opportuni
ty for you to lay in an ample Ftock at a very distinct saving, popular
lltternn.styl.es and .weaves, purple, red. gray, etc., values up to
$i.u0 per'yard for onfy 29c.
Exquisid; Georgette Blouses
Unusual in. Style Value Q
and Low Pricing . . . pJZL)
BY THE WIDEST STRETt II of ii :ahiation you cannot picture
their real charm and value without seein. tliem but that the blouses
are made of the fnvotite Georgette Cr.'ne and Crepe de Chine. Uie
most demanded materials of all. tor s-: -
nier blousesand only priced at $o! "i
each would tell you. they are most ex
traordinary values. 1
There are tailored styles with high col
lars, new ideas in bead embroidery an '
others lace trimmed, mill collars and sai
or collars; new style' s-ieeves ; colors l.
elude bisque. French blue, mi. i.:e. e" ie'.
taupe, black, white and flesh.
$7.50 to $12.50
OF THE EXCLUSIVE one-of-a kin I
blouses that ranee in price from $7..M
upwards to $15.00 vv can tell you "mo.
emphatically, that you will fi'id all t hi'
is attractive and enough styles to pleas'
every fancy and evorv need. Of r.'ors't
crepe de :hine. plaid s'l'-ts and new a.:
novel ccniblnatic.ns; pas:el shades,
shades and black and white.
J
ALU i W
MA
Knitting Bags
$1.50 to $3.50
THE SMART.iistrul and practical knit
J;nt I sg in many styles and patterns; what
ever Fashion approves lias its representa
ii n among taia co:npreJienste cullection
th.'t "rf r?a lv for ytr insecrion Monday.
M He of Cretonne, Repps, Oriental Silks
and I'l'intz at prices ranging from $1.50 up
to $" r0. However greatly you may have
admired knitting bags, none will be more
nthii ;iastica!ly received than those that
arc on display here tomorrow.
Gabardine Suiting
75c to $1 Xf
Qualities tC
GABERDINE SUITINGS are among this
season's most demanded fabrics for suits
and skiris. and so well adapted for the mak
ing cf garments for sports wear.
They are shown in white and colored
grounds with bright colored stripes, futur
ist design d'-ts 'and figures in most novel
color combinations. 36 inches wide, regular
75c. and $1.00 qualities on sal; for '50c a
yard.
'Silk Shirtings
New Patterns (tj ,35
and Colors . .
Till: .WOMEN who l as In contemplation
iilk shirts for her husband, mill be glau to
rho. -s- frr 11 tsi wonderful collection priced
ft f! '. a yard. If you have been, shopping
!or sill; shirtings lately you know how scarce .
-:rl lirri! th;v Are "to cot. but at this store
yor. will und 25 different patterns from
.i.!i tr chiMise. in all the pretty stripes of
he ? i:ins season.
"The Washburn"
Convince yourself first
that you are fcettinfc
dependable fabrics in
clothes that are artistic,
fashionable and honest
ly tailored by
Ed.V Price & Co.
Merchant Tailors
Chicago U. S. A.
and we'll deliver you
clothes that are attract
ive, shapely and of
lon&-wearin& service.
Be measured today!
SUITS
From. $25
to $50
SELECT your own pattern
and style and we'll do the rest.
When It comes to choosing the
material for your suit, there's
an advantage in selecting here;
500 swatches included in the
line, representing the choicest
patterns and colors of the new
season nurely there!
Ing exactly suited to
quirements.
of the new
p's someth- I v
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEWV SUNDAY MORNING, MARCH 17, 1918.
niREE
i
ft
New Spring Blouses
Fascinating Styles of BeautiTul Fabrics in Springlike
Colorings ;
New arrivals are lovely Blouses of Georgette, Crepe de
Chine, Satin and Pussy Willow in models that by their
attractiveness will win the instant admiration of vornen
of good taste.
These Waists will be sold at specially reduced prices
$10.00 to $1 5.00 Waists at $7.50
$..7.00 to $10.00 Waists at. $4.S5
AT THE FASHION SHOP
day wl;h Us fan.il? lor Marshall, Ar
': -ni w.iere they eicct to make
trHr future iome. Thy will carry
-v'i tiPn i' rst wlshs ol ti an.v
friends In this city.
IJRUITMAN'S T ADIES' TAILOR
ashionable -L and IMPORTER
Pfconc 74
Hugtcs Block, Opposite Central School
"NOT! 1EF SUSPECT.
A man named Simmons was quar
antined in hfs home near Metz stop
in T( air 3tcne canyon yesteilay, for
ftar tK.at he wag ccaiJng down witn
9 cess of pniiillpox. i ast night the
dot-ton in attendance were of the
opinion that it was a case but the
sjT!ip;cni9 had net fully developed t3
n:a.setv.em absolutely certain.
ENT TO TOMBSTONE.
Quite a number of the Warren dis
ric young folks went to Tombstone
last ev?ning to attend the dance given
hf-e for ths benefit of the Red C ross.
They returned at an early hour this
trotning and report having had a very
enjoyaDle time. Some of the local
telephone operators and line men
were among the number.
COUNTY TAXES DUE.
The second installment of the state
. , , . ,0,7 I
is now due and payable at the office
of the county treasurer, and will be
delinquent on the first Monday in May,
1918. Treasurer Harry Ross desires
to urge all taxpayers to do their tax-i
laying early and avoid the p.ish or
the last few" days before delinquency.
"-n T" ."o for service In the nvltinn ;
section. Thy wTeall registered in i .
this coun'v wid received a release
fmm thf local board at Tnmhstnne ;
Personal Items
OCCUPYING NEW BUILDING.
The new city hall nt Pnuflas has
bwn pnriially completei so that some
if tS"1 :lty officers have niovei bacK
into that building. The city clerk
auditor, marshal, engineer, health of
ficer and superintendent of streets
moved into th room aiready finis'iel
up. The city clerk, marshal and aud
itor are locfted only temporarily in
the nv- pnrt of tte building. As s?on
as interior alterations jre made they
will move back into the old office.
Additional City Briefs
.
PARENT-TEACHERS MEETING.
The Warren Parent-Teachers assc
c!a;;or. will meet Wednesday. March
20, in t;e Greenway schooL A good
program has been arranged to inter
est fie parents and visitors attending.
PARENT TEACHERS ASSOCIATION
RED CROSS PAYMENTS.
Oificers and others in charge of the
collection of the regular monthly
pledges to the Warren district Red
! Cross society, report that payments
I Tor the past month have been -slow
They call attention to
?tte Limited for -the Murietta Ho
Kn-in? wTr.prp ho will remain fnr a ; in CCminK in.
few weeks on account of t. slight at-: the fact that these pledges may be
tack of rheumatism. : paid at the local banks, and mat in
'. j this manner less effort will be requrr-
ESTA3USHING LIBRARY. eJ of thc? in charge of making tUc
R ?!L'cn:s cf War.-en. 'ncliHin:? , moa:h;" Elections.
parents and patrons of the schools. work
have been urged to assist in the esta, AL"VAT.
lishment of a library at the Green-. The dog poisoner te am at wort
way school by donating books suitable Warren, and four dogs were added
A meeting of the Parent Teachers for such a collection. The idea of the " """"f1"' ,.1 " 1 7,' '
ssociation at the Central school Tues .;iifcrery originated In the last meeting! Two were P'sonl d y. d,?
Topic of discuss-;cf Tie Warren Parent-Teachers' asso- -" Jf"""' , " X Z.
. . . . 1 . i 1 W. i.
j is going me airiy worn uu uc a
y evening at 7:30.
1. Psvcholofry of Child Development
Mr.' Donaldson, Y. M. C. A.
' crtion.
EMAN RECOVERING.
f- Tv-iTnermi.i frienrs of Leslie
9r i:l be plf-aed to learn that he
niy re.-cv?rJiig !rom his recent
' liable to find himself facing a crim
l-.nl aWapoa tha iilairA rnurt At
djStrict manager for i " . J ,hA wnrV
at
nr l:m to his home in arrea Tor.
the It -rt.L. r.fltp'v i a r-p -rifT -
of rheumatism which has con- ft
VISITS IN DISTRICT.
E. J. Aader3cn
th Bell Telephone company, win
btadquarfrs in Tucson, accompanieo j
V- hi; v.ifa and cousin
tcr io.
Miss Etbei ! DISTRICT BOARD MEETING.
ii?;.?. arr.vea m tne warren aisir:ct
i-. i .in -m, ioir. member the district board will
testr cf W. P.ojs Dennman at.k-ave Monday night for Tucson to at-
rr l' C'.pper Queen.
JOINS APTAIN WHEELER.
I Warren,
iness.
Mr. Anderson is here on bus-
Mr. arrv wheeler
tend a meeting of it? district board
that has been called for Tuesday.
The board will have about 100 cases
drughtei c
rUNERAL SERVICES TODAY.
The funeral services for the late
.tfr.4. Maud rong- will take place this
sfternocn from the Palace Undertak
ing pcrlois. Interment will take
dace at the Evergreen cemetery.
Sh leaves a husband, John Strong, a
local micer. and two daughters to
mourn hr loss. One of the daugh
ters is Mrs. Charles Shaffer. The
family have been here but a few
months.
NAVY NEEDS MEN.
Local Navy Recruiting. Officer,
John Saldino, has received a telegram
from the headquarters In El Paso ask
ing him to enlist as many men as pos
sible that are experienced carpenters
lor serice in the aviation corps. Men
are wanted between the ages of 21
to 35 years. The men will sent
to El Paso and from there to San Die
go for service lmmedla.ely. The rec
ruiting office is in the Dispensary
building up stairs.
NO SESSION HELD.
Parties who went over to Tombstone
yesterday to attend to business In the
superior court were unable to do so
on account of the absence of Judge
' o-kwood. who bal gone io Willcox
to attend the meeting of the Catt!-n-en'S
association. Some hearings bad
been set for trial and parties went
over with witnesses and had to re
turn without being able to g-H the
matters attended to.
?jnsi'ia'. lefl
and little OFFICE BUILDING. fr.r consideration at mat time. .mbi
ToTbt.M,.;, Tre Win'on staee- conpany is of tne cases are appeals on uepeuueui
and industrial claims, i ce ooara win
r robably be In session for two or three j
days. i
pN SHORT VISIT.
Nick GregovKh ia spending a few
days In the city, from th? Brooklyn
navy yard where he is now stationed,
on a few days visit to his relatives in
Ms district. He enlisted in the local
limiting office about a year ago.
He has seen a number of the other
Warren district boys in his travels
rnd states that all of them are makin;
good and that a number of them have
made rapid advancements since they
went into the service. He will return
'o his post of duty in about ten days.
y Lterdajlornjno; for the east where ' erei-tin a small office building along
o. c ..i in cEptala v. hecter and re-. side of th?ir stand near Brewery
main wi Ujjm unti ne ieaVs for,Oulc"i, w!:ich will be used to store
service In -anee He wired for her; -he trggage. etc., as well as provid-
has not been assigned I ing a plrce for the local ticket a.?ent
areimpnt. ' In sfav Instead o havini? to remain
'. Iahkm. .ii thA limp Grover Harrison Mctvers ana james
.Elmer Arnold, have enlisted in the
1 lrcal navy recruiting office and win
REVIEW WANT AD3 FOR RESULTS
Mrs. William Hughes is spending a
few days in Tucson on a visit to rela
tives. Mrs. C. C. Carlisle of Douglas is
spending a few days in this city on a
visit to relatives and friends.
Miss Hazel Roper has returned hero
from Phoenix where she visited with
relatives and friends for the past few
weeks.
Mrs. I. W. Wallace ts spending a few
da"3 in Tucson on a visit to her son.
Tommy, and her daughter, Anna, who
r.Tb attending the University.
Dan Hanley was an outgoing passen
ger for Tosnbstoue yesterday where he
will spend a few days on a visit to rel
atives. Mrs. K. H. Deltre and Merlin Wil
son, of El Paso, are spending a few
days in this city on a visit to friends.
Mrs. John Hannah is a recent arrival
in the city from San Diego, and ex
pects to make her future h'lme here
with her daughter, .Mrs. J. E. Cain, of
Tombstone Canyon.
Mrs. L. Hogue of Douglas was in the
city yesterday on a visit to friends and
will return to her home today.
Mrs. Clara Chambers, clerk in the
local postoffice, left last night for
Camp Kearney where she will spend
a few days on a visit to her husband
who is a sergeant in the 3Smh regi
ment. E. A. Houck, a commercial man from
Los Angeles is in the city for a few
days and is registered at the Copper
Queen Hotel.
E. E. Stuart and wife of Phoenix are
in the city for a few days on a busi
ness trip.
Walter Gordon has gone to Los An
geles where he expects to remain for
a few weeks on a pleasure trip.
Capt. and Mrs. J. F. Harrington of
the L. S. A. and stationed at Douglas,
were in the city yesterday and regis
tered at the Copper Queen Hotel.
B. Holti left yesterday for Los An
geles where he will remain for a few
weeks taking a much needed rest.
John Sanders, the local attornev,
was in Tombstone yesterday being
called there on legal business.
RL. Carle, of Phoenix, is in the city
for a few days being called here on
business matters.
F. E. Coles of the Phelps Dodge
store is spending a few days in Phoe
nix on a business trip.
Miss Yana Howard of Los Angeles
is in the city for a few days and dur
ing her stay is registered at the Cop
per Queen Hotel.
Lee Sugich was a visitor to Tomb
stone yesterday on legal business. He
went over on the afternoon stage and
returned on the eveniag stage.
Capt. C. F. Heitman. of the 11th field
artillery at Douglas, was in the city
last evpniii" m i short viii to friends.
John Jeep was a passenger to Tomb
stone yesterday on the Rock Li 11 stage
line, returning last evening.
P. T. Long, a commercial man. wis
in the city yesterday from his head
quarters at St. Louis.
Mrs. M. King lift yesterday for
Toaihrtone where she will renain for
a few days on a visit to friends.
W. O. Shaw, of Colorado Springs.
Colo., is a visitor to the Warren Dis
trict and wfll remain for a few days.
Phil Lewis, a drummer, who has his
headquarters at Imffalo. is In the Dis
trict for a few' days.
Miss Blanche Detloff. one of thi
teachers in the public schools, has
been spending the week end in Doug
las on a visit to friends.
Chas. W. Hodge, who makes Los
Angeles his headquarters, is in the city
for a few days on a business trip.
Mrs. Lynne Kinney and little daugh
ter Eleanor, have returned from Doug
las where they visited with friends for
the past two weeks.
Engineer Frel Weimers has return
ed from Douglas where he visited wit's
, his family for a few days.
A. J. Ramsey, the E. P. & S. W. en
gineer, hn returned from Douglas
where he visitad with friends fur i
few dj.
THE NARROW TRAIL
AT EAGLE THEATER
Local the.itre?oers who pa.tked the
Egle thontre yes'erday when the W'jt
S. Hart feature film "The Narrow
Trail" was shown are all telling their
friends what a wonderful picture th's
western drama is and this insures rec
ord attendances again today when th?
film will be shown for the last time.
The fight scene alone in this picture
is enough to brand It as one of th;
best films since The Spoilers was
screened. Hart outdoes himself in
this picture and it is full of drama,!.c
interest from start to finish.
M'JST.CHANGE JCSS.
WASHINGTON. March 16. Swre
trrv VcA.!o- fdav cal'rl on Ameri
cn 'ahnr not to object if the nation's
v ar p-Iicv cf cns Tvlng credit results
in riit aT 'd b'ii!(!ln 'jprat!"ns. but
to seek son e c rer kinJ of employ-'
.int nFvss-sry as a patriotic duty.
Big Chicken Dinner
TOMORROW
English Kitchen !
CONSISTING CF
Fresh Oyster Scup, Combination Salad, Chicken Pot
Pie, Country Style, Suar Peas, Choice of Pie,
Pudding, Ice Crea-n and Drinks.
All for
50c
to come
ss yet to
; HAVE ENLISTED.
George A.. Nswell, Irs Eddie Short.
FOR HOT Sf-(NGS
ciewjri. nno flip cMf Hna. I I ACT CCDMniU
ses of the Vop,T QUeen Mining com-! Rev. W. S. E'atherage will deliver 'leave Mrndny for El Paso where they
pany. end fOker swiff of ; ' hfa farewell sermons at the Christian will f t-ken further examination, and
crunty. left lP8ijl!rht on the Cold I church todav. He will leave on Mon-i!" Peered be "en at once to.
r
1918 SPRING SUITS
We Are Proud
of what we have to offer you in the way of men's
dependable fabrics for Hand-Tailored Suits and
Overcoats for Spring.
froud because good woolens are difficult to acquire proud because
oithe beauty of this varied display proud to offer what cannot be
setjred elsewhere.
Ycican share this pride with us by permiting us to Hand-Tailor your
suit f overcoat from these pleasing fabrics at attractive pricej.
But yu MUST order now if you wish your suit by Easter Sunday,
March3.
B.F.MILLARD
'THE LEADING TAILOR'
"MAKES 'EM FIT'
BW., Sage or Waste?
!! Bpi!t;jl I TN these days cf urgent conserve. . 8
tS -Umfmmffl I X tion the wasteful tire is as out fi3a B
1 nHRil ' c place as nest on Tuesdays and Jg&f MBm 1
1 SPm wKe3t cn Welr',ssdays' M0$ - n
S WniimlwM Eqdp wi& tires that savo, in tire JSg
1 liliillm a88. tire life, car Ho, fad and mi MS&gm
!I SSWiifek . real money. . g3SS5S C3T
V I fWs N UC tf$ kr warn a
. )) W iww, TIRES
GORD Tire researcK has trotrKi fortK
notable improvements in irircstone
Fabric Tire construction, particuUrly
(D The increased tHclcness of the pure
ura cushion between tread and fabric
adds resilience, defends the bedy cf the
tire from shocks and bruises, ives & reater
ridin comfort ond longer car H?.
(D More rubber between fabric layers
&ives greater elasticity and prcterror
against friction.
D A perfect and firm seating of the tire
to the rim is the result of the reinforce
ment in bead and side wall.
The touh, wear-resisting tread of
reater iluclcness adds more miles of travel.
Firestone Tubes, Tube Patches and oth r
accessories in your equipment save tires,
time, troubles. No wasteful delays. Keep
cr. cin.
H?.EST0:T TIRE & RUBBER COMPANY
uij.!. ."ihlo Branch and Dealers Everywhere
i:i::i.UL.LUJliJli-1
cHw'ntnttt-ttl
-,i-t: mifrinMif.'nm-hi:t;i;Biilgmn,.i..- v..'J
ALLEN BlOCK
Bisbee Auto Company
BISBEE
Upper Main St
AGENTS
Fhone 5
i
i I FOUR
THE B1SBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MARCH 17, 1918.
Published Every Day Except Monday By the
State Consolidated Publishing Company.
CULJ.EN A. CAIX
..Editor and General Manager
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
The Associated Press is exclusively entitled to the
use for republication of all news dispatches credited to
It oc not otherwise credited to this paper and also the
local news published herein.
All rights rl republication of special dispatches herein
are also reserved.
Entered as Second Class Mail Matter at Bisbee, Arizona,
Under Act of March 8, 1879.
Subscription Rates, Payable In Advance:
PER MONTH
THREE MONTHS
SIX MONTHS
TWELVE MONTHS
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per year
$ .75
. 2.25
4.00
7.60
2.50
.75
Sunday Morning Sermon J
"If there arise among you a prophet or a dreamer
of dreams, and giveth thee a sigu or a wonder, and
the sign or wonder come to pass, whereof he spoke
unto thee, say ins. Let us go after other gods which
thou hast not known, and let us serve them; thou
shalt not hearken unto the words of that prophet
or that dreamer of dreams, for the Lord your God
proveth you to know whether you love the Lord your
God with ail your heart and with ail your sum.
Deuteronomy 13-1, 2 and 3.
County Briefs
Arraigned for a second trial. Frank
Itule and Mike Zafte of Douglas,
; charged with operating a house of pros
i titution within five miles of an .en
campment, pleaded guilty yesterday
I in the federal court and were fined
$200 each. .
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per quarter
No Subscription Taken For Lesa Than 75 Cents.
"We shall act with our full energy, and
if Denmark must suffer the consequences,
she will have herself to blame," thus does
the Prussian power seek to terrify the small
Scandinavian nation for daring to main
tain its neutrality by interning a German
prize ship stranded on the Danish coast.
How natural and how terrible i3 the threat
quoted above. Belgium, Rumania, Servia,
Courland, Finland and the Ukraine have all
heard it in their turn and now they are oc-.
cupied and controlled by German soldiers.
Six small states enslayed. No wonder Ger
many now seeks peace. She has mineral
and food resources and cannon fodder in
these conquered states sufficient to ensure
victory next time. And yet, insatiate as
she is, she now threatens all the Scandinav
ian nations, Denmark, Norway and Sweden.
The pan-German press is clamoring for ex
tremist measures against them. And Hol
land, too, must either break with the allies
or face the German terror. Consider to
what fearful and appalling extremities the
civilized world would be driven if our line
in the west fails. . Our British and French
veterans and eager United States troops
over there are the hope of Christendom.
It is now estimated that since the begin
ning of the war to January 1 of this year,
the United States has shipped enough food
to Europe to feed sixteen million people
yearly. We have sent to France and Eng
land 1 10 millicn bushels of wheat and two
million pounds of pork yearly. And since
the war started we have sent to these al
lies 484 million pounds of beef and 29 mil
lion pounds of butter and 684 million
pounds of sugar. And how many millions
of pounds of guns and metals and muni
tions we have sent them deponent saith
not. And we are now engaged n sending
two millions of men with arms in their
hands. But, of course, as the German staff
has so well said, America's aid to the allies
amounts to little or nothing.
When they tell you, Mr. Workman, that
this is a rich man's war; a Wall street war,
you can cite the case of John D. Rockefel
ler, our richest man, to these propagandists.
Rockefeller must pay to the government
every year in the way cf income war tax
the gigantic sum of thirty-eight and one
half millions of dollars. So far in the con
duct of the war . the rich man has had to
pay his share o"f money and send his share
of sons to the front to fight. Every check
possible has been placed upon profiteering.
In fact, the war i3 the nation's war, and the
nation is conducting that war up to the
highest traditions of our republic.
To the Warren district housewife: Be
ginning Tuesday morning The Review will
run cn its editorial page a recipe each day
for several different kinds of Victory Bread
as furnished by the official bulletin of the
national food administration. Rice, pota
toes, barley, cornmeal and milo maize can
all be bought here and all can be used in
making a most satisfactory, nutritious and
pleasant taiting bread.
An idea of hew British labor is support
ing the war may be gained from cold figures
connected with the "tank week' drives for
funds, which are equivalent to our liberty
loan and thrift stamp drives. In Glaigow
and Birmingham, both labor centers, the
contributions exceeded those in London.
In Glasgow seventy-five million dollars
were raised in one week for war boKch, sav
ings certificates, etc.
"German prisoners and Bclsheviki act
together to drive out Russian loyalists,"
reads a headline over a Petrograd dispatch.
There is a world of meaning in this sent
ence. In deed and in truth the Germans
and the Bolsh?vik.i have been acting to
gether for months. It is now being made
public for the fast time; that is all.
False prophets and wild dreamers are as
common now as they were irv Bible times
when God felt constrained to especially
warn His people against them. On every
hand they arise and upon their lips are
many prophecies and in their minds are
many visions. They came to Wilhelmn of
Germany a few years ago and he followed
them, unto his present state. They come to
the peasant among his vines and the
worker at his bench and the merchant in
his store and the lawyer in hi3 office and
the woman in her house.
Most of us have, in our time, listened to
the sayings of some prophet or other and
either left a good job or a good home or
good habits or good intentions behind us
and followed his words over the rough track
that leads to nowhere at all.
And dreamers we have with us always.
They weave mists into cities and fashion
castles from smoke. Their words are win
ning and fit together into beautiful and per
fect sentences. But in the cold gray light
of reality their dreams vanish into thin, air
and are gone forever.
On every street corner and in every town
there are prophets who speak of new gods
and preach new doctrines and promise new
cures for old ills. In our midst arid -everywhere
are dreamers of dreams that never
come true, but many there be who listen to
the narrative of their visions and build
hopes and stake reputations and happi
ness upon their frail foundations.
In the old times God's own people, led
by His own prophets and inspired by
miracles, turned aside to listen to the tales
of other gods and to follow the rainbow
gleam of strange and foolish dreams. "Thoii
shalt not harken unto them," said God to
His people. 'For the Lord your God
proveth you to know." Ah, in this strange
yet plain old world of fact and fancy close
ly mingled, it is well to prove and to know.
Why, oh, why, do we run after every fair
fancy or follow the lure of every smooth
word? Our feet are bruised from these
vain quests ; our eyes are dim from watch-
ing phantom sails of the ship3 that never1
return through the mists; our purse is
empty, our work is wasted, our years are
spent for nothing and still we listen to the
dreamer as he relates his dreams.
A new face that is handsome; a new
friend; a soft voice; a plausible story; a
pretty phrase, and we desert the old friend
who was so strong and true and we leave
the old faith and wander from the old safe
path and soon find, alas, too late, that we
have traded golden happiness and priceless
loyalty for the brass vessel of some dark
genii and it is filled only with smoke.
The simple, homely things of life are the
only ones that wear well. The plain friends
are truest. Strong hands hold fast and
short, straight words speak truth. There
is only one God, and His prophets were
plain, blunt men, clothed in coarse gar
ments and speaking words that flew home
like a spear and spared not. His people
wandered from them in the old days, led by
the beauty and pleasure of heathen deities, '
and it is so to this day. We leave work too
often for pleasure; we cannot bear a sigh;
the truth hurts; the down hill path is easi
est; it is so nice to sit in the shade. But
what about the harvest? How will your
books balance? What have you done?
"For the Lord your God proveth you to
know whether you love the Lord your God
with all your heart and with all your soul."
By your steadfastness only is your love
known. Common sense sorts the doctrines
of the false prophets from the true. Dreams
are night time fancies that are dissipated by
the daylight. It is only by holding fast with
both hands on to old friends and old faiths
that we may in any wise be sure of happi
ness on earth and hope in the skies.
The automobile of Florence H. Moya j
I va9 ordered seized at Douglas yester-!
j day by Judge Sawtelle in the federal !
I court because of its alleged use in car MPCI ro xvf.
: rying a case of canned meats across ;LUj AIM. ,r. ,rt 1NU1
the line in violation of the export em
bargo.
By Omen A (Mn.
Enlistments in the regular army from
April 1 pf last year to the first of this week
were 387,000, which is more than double
the number necessary to brirg the army up
t othe desired war strength cf a half million.
Besides the regulars we will have a national
army of one and one-half million by the end
of the year.
Rumania's case shows that it is poor pol
icy for a nation to get into a situation wueio
it just has to have peace. For such a na
tion peace is the most expensive thing go-
Mrs. W. H. Neel returned to Doug
las last nieht after a sevsral months'
visit in the east, where she visited
her young son, who is a student in a
well-known eastern school. Mrs. Neel California. The skies there smile al
?Iso srent several months in the ways, so people said, and "the orange
metropolis, where she was a guest in ! and olive are fairest, of fruit and the '
ne cutmore hotel.
I with Ramsey Canycn of tlie lluachu-
I TP TTi ADIVOMA ' natural oeauty ana grandeur.
Ur 1U AK.LL.Uii A this newspaper man did not see it with
AS WINTER RESORT! hia and roTin e-
itui ii mere was mucn rain ana
Ft c. hlk , ohiM ot . I dreariness upon this trip there was ,n,s CM alr- lh' "niera i
fcver Since he as a Child at WSI . . K". 1 ehted another rlirarefta Tha
mother knee thi n.wnPF n.on h. ' an uuur ' compensation, mere -""V- " ' -"
to the edge of the porch. 'Taster!"
called out the director, who was benu
ir.g forward with his hands on his
knees like a shortstop on the ba3cball
field.
"Look up more! Now look a little
to the right! Slower! Faster! Look
drwn! Smile! Paure! Now o on!
Siow-er-er! Slow-w!"
She was at the gate now.
"Go ahead and unfasten it! Ttow
stop! SIGH! Do It again! Head B?ck
and shoulders up and down more!
Drop the .corners of your mout.i a lit
tle: New drop your head! Out you
go! Turn slowly! Swing your hat
a little! Look back -it the house:
Now faster! ALL right! Ail over!"
It was done. Just an Lour for this
scene. The director ,k back in
his camp chair, camera man
ac-
"" '"-"t"-' .....,. . .. below if nnn rcraien piayer laid down ms instru-
heard of the golden glory of Southern " u , o Jtl-a ment and picked up a cartridge belt
receive "it when it comes. And that and dlrk knife and leP"l 'or the
wa the hniir in the tnrtio nf tTi- open stage to kill a tenderfoot. The
and onve are rairest, or iruit ana tne , . , rcmnanv This arde- Srl wi,h tn yellow hair took a hana
voice of the nightingale never Is li"''1. '' Cf"Pa"?-"le mfrror fmm her ba and took a little
mute." Returning piluTims from those!", . u. ,Jer " , , ok ,nd natted ner hair and amiled
1 ,J r.K. ,i , ti-o.? hlmned. And, although he has real : 10OK. ana Pa"a oer nar and snniea
Much Interest has been taken by shores have raved about the sun-kissed i
Miss Esther Ross, sponsor of the bat-' beaches and inland lanes of yellow
iruu h that has been
: picture industry, he
written of
had not
the
a little and then threw a cloak over
1 .U.l.t l. 1.1 1 W . 1 .
tleship Arizona, in obtaining facts and j and green and the wealth of pepper : ? tde the actual work on the dreeing room,
figures whereby the men on the Arizo-1 trees and flaming gardens and balmy I the maklr.e a picture 1 The newspaper man turned to go
na might be equipped with the neces-i zephrya and flower carnivals until thisilne maKlr'S a picture. ,wav
sary warm clothing. To this end MIsh I simple listener was forced to the con-j Here was a street scene in a steepy ! when that picture Is thrown upon
Ross started a campaign throughout j elusion that Los Angeles was a city! country town. Broken board walkn.,the creeiI in gome theatre sonw d?y
the state, enlisting the support of Gov- of the angels in fact as well as in i grass plot and little church. Acrosa Deopi0 wili iook wltn pleasure and
ernor Hunt, tha Yavapai chamber of! name, and that the old prophets who if rem the church is a cottage with lis ! adniiraMon t the beautiful Yellow
commorce and representatives of all ; narrated the glory of heaven were I little porch and climbing vines and,, , . nia!Hp w,fh nf . Mj-t
the counties in the state. . ! dumb i.nd palsied compared to tne picket fence with swinging gate. The i i "V B,h . " thev lil tL
. press agents and looed tourists wao j idea was to film the heroine as sne, 1 " ""that SHE V a Iked
. The Willcjx Grocery company pur-! sang of the eternal summer and . emerged from the door, descended the .h I.;
chai the business of Dana T. Mill-! miracle gladness of this favored Cali- steps and paused a moment at the 1 7,Vr..I h .3. It i, .
ner of Eowie recently. They wILVfornia clime. gate to siih deeply before passing to ; . rt and "f. MI,"r 'Ja
-mtiiiue the business at Bowie, but But listen. This .newspaper man, I the street and disappearing from the ",- w r ,,1
!n addition will use Willcox as the (making his first visit to the Pacific range of the cameras eye. al. ,r n"h
! oao t noro'n -J ,11.!K..,: l i .1. A . V, lof, C 1 1 t -.-I i '" lUIUM '" icon, .1 "
aun iimiiuuiui aiu?v iu mc uiuu iuuihh ui .iwt, oiujyiu cuuuu. kjuij otiv person in
point for their stores at Safford. i bright skies and balmy airs behind ; the picture. No complex situation
Willcox and Globe. By shipping in j in Ariioua, only to wake up the next j and no acting at all. One hundred
carload lots to Bowie and distribnt-' morning in California and be greeted feet of film would cover all of It; yes,
ing from that place in local shipments ! by leaden skies and low-hanging ! sixty feet. I ut this littie scene" re-
to the othr stores they feel they can
! save considerable each year In freight
charges, etc. '
clouds and the beat of the wind andiqUred cne hour cf hard work and
rain on the Pullman window. tense effort. It was a revelation.'
The orange groves and gardens and Consider, you movie fans, this stm
gay villas were there, alriaht, and I pie 8Cene. Platforms had been built
doubtless very fine, but they were at each corner of this little cottage.
high up to the eaves. And upon eacn
platform wa3 an electrician with his
spotlight battery trained upon that
rpace between the porch steps and
the gate.
Here comes the heroine, a fairly
nice looking girl in a bright yellow
diiector who walked from that cot
taee; walked In the fplrlt. paused,
smiled, slaved, moved ni had his tw
ing in that beautiful clay.
And what does It require, this news
paper man wonders, and bow long
does It take to film big scene, with
n-any actors In it. and thrills and
difficult situations and climax?. Lit
tle does thi man in the audience
know cf the time and trouble and toil
behind each scene upon the screen.
From Unlversil City the newspaper
man drove across the Tats to Venice
bv the sea. Tfcey may not have much
!lfnd?cac around Los Angeles, and
Wilbur Ijams. brother of K. J
Tjums. who passed away rerently in i hidden by the curtails of the mist.
California, and Who was well known
In Tombstone where ha had charge! Three ,on3 and drearT day3 dId the
of tne local telephonejxchange for;new nlaa end in Angeles,
several years, was in Tombstone yes- w.. r .i,dn. nnrf ro
,terday accompanied by the widow ofth .round. And he went about
.tne eereased Mr. Ijams. and Mrs. j .th nis Dattered Stetson pulled low
viyue ijams. I he party are enroute ovtr nIs cye3 a8 shleid from the 'dress and dull-yellow hair hanging tothelr rds and villas and terraces
to Patagonia and Nogales. e driving rain, and his old overcoat but- her watat.M two plaits and carrying I.VoTnlace may Mw been built
' i ,AnA.i ..n t th. r-hin tn nrntprl hlni enough toilette nrtirle- and hnTea nnrti. . . . L . ... ...
m,z tnooao t. . , v r . : . . 'cy n-an. out me iora nimeu isiu
t iiu..i..F from the-chllling DiastB. : nomes ,iu ,t, large nag to aou up a
cl is readily noticeable. The Benson! naly Is an Iceberg compared to musical comedy ci;orus. Everything :s
way seems to b? getting lo; cf cars, j California in winter," says the folders. ' ready and so she rubs a lot of a
i All roads leading Into Tombstone, j "Southern France is a rrozen snow-, special preparation upon her face,
jsnd all roads lead to Tombstone. re;drjftand Florida a frigid waste;, come neck arms ttr make her skin "take"
in nne snape excepting me snort line t0 California for the winter," pleads wijlte in the picture. She takes up
to Drasroon. This road should get the I tne prtnted matter or the Los Angeles her porltxn upen the porch, anu
nttcnticn of a road pang as It is im-! .,mu. nt MTnmerce iblns! All the sDotliehts and d-
.ortont, in l.ad snape and would be. Well, thev come, alright, pilgrims lights and "overheads" and direct
i sed more frequently if rebuilt, John- frcnl tne bleak Kansas plains and tne ; tights are flashed on. Lo. here is a
son and that part of the country. bitter northern lakes and the zerw , miracle. This rather nice lookiim
east and the pleasant places of Arizona young woman of the twentieh ceti-
The -Indian names of our rive. to .U3'A ja the glew of the Californ:a j tury has become an angel. In the
counties and mountains are a great j sunlight. The newspaper man faw: ethereal brightness she stands th-re
trial, no doubt, to easterners. Nat-i.em by the s:ore whh rubbers tor ( like Raphael's Madonna come to lite
urally many amusing mistakes ar?ithejr wet feet and firemen's helmets and waiting there in that portico for
male by those unfamiliar with suchj'rr their catarrh-stricken heads and j the organ strains to call her across
nrmes. Ore of the nufet amusing er-jruDbfr blankets and raincoats to ai-to the church where she will count
rcra made In spelling the name of ford protection from t-ie steady and! the beads of her rosary o'er and o'er,
cur county occurs in a legal notice-! unending downpour. Tiiey were a sad And, just to give her the feeling and
fiom New York, addressed to "Tomb-and bedraggled lot. The air was we: , expression sought for a saint, a husky
stone. Coctus-e Co.. Arizona." The i enough to float a submarine. And it ' gent In his shirt sleeves begins grind
nctice is typewritten, so the error was cold enough to put an artificial , ing out a deep, sweet old hymn upon
cannot be blamed on bad handwriting. jce plant out of business. i a big accordion.
--' As a summer resort California may Weil they made tnat K;r, nnle on,
Governor Hunt on recent trip tobe aU that it is painted, this news-of the door of tnat cottaRe nn(1 de.
Wi'.lcox. on being interviewed by a j paper man does not know; he has gcend the steps and pass cut of tn
delegation or 'Willcox people, stated i neVer summered there. But to him gate about geven times The director,
that the convicts now working on ! it will always be a passing strange a b(? forceful man. lolled ha-k In a
the road near Cliiton would soon com-jthint' why any tourist can the second !cnair and spoke softly but insistently
plete their work and it is was the ! time pass through the beaming sun- as ghe went throup'i this act over and
desire of the people of this community i hght and bright beautiful days or Ari-asin And remember, this girl was
to sreure them to build at good road i zona in Winter to g-Mver and grumble wpflrin a Inw-nerkert Kleevele supi
from Wiilccx to Fort Grant, h" was and soak in the cold drizzle of Los mer dreS8 and this was a butei i
willing .o make arrangements for ; Angeles. Once might be explained Marcn n,orning and she was working;
them to be transferred from CILton j from ignorance, but the second time . in a Freat Darn of a rtudio open en-j
to this place. A petition has been cir-j As a winter resort Tucsmi or Phoenix tireiy to t'te cold winds at litis en-ii
culated by the residents of thi3 com-lcffer a climate as far surpassing Losjwnore tne pjcture was Deing taken,
munity asking that this be done and I Angeles as a sunbeam does a tallow !The ne-spaper man j i,j9 overcoat I
w teneve that in the near future ! candle flame. Any eartern or norm-: shlvPre(j to watch her.
i:;i3 worn win ne unuertanen ana nn-iern man seeking surcease irmu i". At ,ast tne bi director seemed lot
unea. irus roaa is traveled consider-1 sorrows of February ana aiarcu uu he naif.wa
c:rt t sea for them, and the beaches.
mi made the big waves anl the lit-'
tie ones come up out of the blue
depths of the mysterious west anr"
laugh and ween and die upon th
toom of the white sand.
Venice Is on!y a child's playhoc
rui!t of frail and gorgeous blocki ur1
the edge of the miithty waters. . A'r
one has stood nationless for an
koking out across the restl-s w-6
of the ocean deeo. one turns ck
and walks through this play
town scarce seeing Its fret ar fj1
tcr or seeing its gilded fittlnf
Inm-nslty of the ocean has "at ,
immense dreams and the etr'"
tie ocean has shown the weijj698 '
man. How humble and fd ?
thnnohrfnl It mikM Mia . WalK
awhile by the sea. All they'rle9'
the ecstacy and sorrow of t"."n'Te"e
are bidden back of that bl;
the deep. Venice
newspaper man
Was never there.
that veils
bah' h,s simPle
i.
did no"" "
That night the new man and
his friend went to on the Los An
geles cabarets. Thisriend- who had
had the stomach acb the day before,
had the head ache tJt night and wa
looking forward dk,y to an ear
,v- ,h mr,y. So n-Uher his
!trn venation or 1 Pr8enc ,,rere
Iverv inspiring. Ft very on else In
! there se-med. if nan
from outward snlinK- tobe H'ad .
' gay. The here-"! 'he heroine fron
I the countless ovie studios rouid
,i,r In full force and ef-
satisfied with things and'"'u.ul 'rrt one mxm play. Sre-
go rr ana noi ro u..
brilliant thnng ot iair
ffrpncA nrtla nnn rreitm runs nnrt ne- . .r.- r.. .hi hum.
stand-in with his local probate judg..-. industriously to daub her face and : omen am n,,n did not eniov it
-u. . i, 1,0 mit.hf nss on. m:s- - ,, .v- 'h e newsrPpr man aiu u
UClutrr mno
acly and will be of great convenienre! will pass through these two Arizona he gave the gignai ,e ,ake t.,e picturt. i fect- A .er.
to the indistrial school as well as I cities and go on to the mist and driz-!The girf.made. another dive for her . ,y ,Pn,e. ml!! V
people of the north nd or the val-lzle of the Pacific coast must have a,grease j,ots and cream cans and te-!a br,S"t a
ley- ! stand-in with his local probate judge. nn in(s,riciuslv. , daub her face nd.omen am?
The first time he might pass on. m:s- arms a over aRain Tne camera man ! 6 e 1
led by the rainbow promises of Me tnrew 8way bis cigarette and bent''
niuo-
Ms frien had so many ailments o
Two eme'n of the interstate com
merce con mirsion are nere malting pamphlets ana ioiaers, uui 0Ter nls tripod. The husky man ' " ,, rombone horn in the orches
aa cppraisai oi real estate ot ine tt , time : ; lerketJ the kinks out of his accordion, i ' . , the barber shop
i b 3 e: nouinwesitrn rauruaa com-; i ne spotngnt Doys locussen tneir
tar.y. They are Frenk U Mao-, senior n fhir,i dar tnP ,-louds broke a .lamps. The property man hurried up
Ir.nd appraiser, division of valuation
rim.erl out the
minors o the first tenor in the quar
tette hedoes not know.
tittle and the sun cast a sickly ray ; wiin one more nower poi lor uie gacu-
the soaked landscape, prsi. i ne canary uira in me raKe , hom, a5ain. Jog-e-ty-
It might have been' a hanging on the porch piped a little I ,',on" " vc. here, tlvese
in the sky. But lay. The heroine started tor the cot-; ',. BiRhlns and sore be
fall advan- tage. wiien tne eagle eye or tne ai- k - inneles
Kvery inch of real esvate ' . a, get fortn with a friend rector delected a spot on her cheek 1 ueJ'f- anH elorv clim-
1 - - r"- -- . . . . , -1 : 1 i 1 ( . .. 4.U K n SI1U 1 K' V " 1 -
3f t!:e interstate commerce commis
sion. Both are from San Francisco.
1 hey have been here about a week
' or two upon
i Such a sun!
L H WI f r-heese Kef
r.na will Kpena anoiner weeK in tras . , new.8p8per man took
owned by the E. P. & S. W. is being
examined and a true value placed on
' it ftr u.-je of the interstate commerce
j t:mt;:isMon in fixing rates or for any
j cther governmental purpose. - A ccrps
j of engineers spent som time bere re
cently nuking appraisal of the rolling
s:cck and equipment of the company.
It became known l,n Douglas y-ier-day
that Thomas Manatt, formerly a
loreman at t!:e Copper Queen smaller
hsre, who left Douiclas with the Sixth
litld artillery last June fcr f rvice in
KrHnre, was injured some time ago
'T.d pt prtsent is confined to one ol
the field hospitals back of the Ameri
can, lines. Manau was thrown from
"is h'rrse a-1 the animal stepped upon
his Tcot. mashing it. and before med
ical aid could be given the member
Iruze and gangrene &et in. His par
cn s, Mr. and Mrs. Clement V. Manatt.
!wl:o reside tin Kleventh street, were
Imniedlatfly notified, but from the
cheerful letters they have received
ittni th?ir son since his injury. the
in a car to see something of the couu-,iuai am oc giihten enougn n cue - - - tem But not tnis new8.
try 'round about. First to Holiywoou. i rain prwparaiion m up mop ;;., ,t ralag too much there,
of course, where the capitalist dwells Anotter actor grabbed the cream and il" drizzle The wind fc too
in a mansion and the movie actor 'came forward and dabbed at the spot. , To y tucn . o
lives in a villa and the small clerk , Then the director came up and too co.d i ne su Qf
exists in a bungalow. Then around . a dab. .too. He scanned her closely, rat e o g a,s h(.9b!ast of ln, trombone
the shoulder of a big hill up a valley , took another dab and nodded to go oies and 1 tne c a
to Universal City. The landscape of a..eaa. th 3 ouartette melody. Too much
this much advertised section of coun- This director! lie had passed from ; li tha q uarte e m ,
irv i nnthtn - to get ex ited about.
icalm to action. He was a pulsing noe and too lit e mtwte. But tne
i dynamo and an active vob ano no. neAs; aPer n an will l"er
He took his stati.m right by the cam-jh dp ""LB"l!5 fi
hndless ribbons
ing everywhere.
that transJornied that gt
koi. i the 1 ntver
Just a flat plain and plain hills, i.ui
. t 1.. -all (-fiiinurittli.
- . - . , . . l , , l-atta
. .. .... .1 . avtAtin. em mnn Tin npfun in mum I i nrnpni ' 1 1 " '
Cl mm niiftm 1 ' " '- - ' " - - ' ' - - - - ..
Wonderful homes;Tlie p'ictngrapher s arm began l's clr- wen j--iu " ,.., nlit
set on the hills and adorned with ter-trtllar metion the door oned and out Miiio a "t o move ab't
races. It is a man-made lannscapr. came me jenow-naireu gin u. - ' ' H reflect hii
p!,re and simple. It is plumbed, wired liyNs transformed into a radi.uit and ; iron his lire Ancth--
and deckle edsed; all the modern ro.--anr ir presence. I!"'.. , blue Pacific brewing
veniences: elevator, trolley or dummy "Slcwer!" commanded the d reotor. armory of the blue 1 ac c
waiter service: a c herry in the cock-i "PON T close the door. She had
tail and served in cut glass.. But if 'started to do fo. but at this comi'-and
there is anything in those hills around 1 she left it open without a change of
1 Koi-ni the famous Hollywooo expression or a movement tnat was
that can be named in the am; aay confused or unnatural. S:u- advanced anJ fudye.
biach lingers.
tike the dim
. . KAa,,tifnt riream
track 01 ,ifi-
But as for Los Angles itsel-Pin'e
uiKm t".- ,rf .he
wnne iiku ivi-
ation comn.lsio. by the follcf con-
Kfticlent Aaveriisinf-"-K-".
ready for duty.
Brief State Notesfi
( iit
'superior judge of Maricopa county
unerintendent t)f schools of Apache This officer stated immediately ifieri
1 . ... ..ft . v. . ; . v. .. . v. . . a, ... Mirni'
COUnty, Will RtMin le apilOilliru iiubi- f icimmik h limn iimi ins.. oi.' v.
John s.
States Oil and Refining cPany. Co-
chise and Texas Oil comply- oaut-ue-.
v.o ;ld be indefinite, the purpose of it Teyas Oil Development ""any-.nlj;
being to shape up this post for a tuber- away Gold f mp"n-ny Co
lt. W. Kramer, who recently resigi'-
as assistant I nited States district
ortiey for Arizona, is to be a cand!
culosis hos)ital.
W. H. M'inds of Oatman has been
tlate for the democratic nomination for appointed ranger deputy bv sheriff
State bank.
Thirty pupils are enrolled in the In
ilian school at Calrkdale.
!'
vice Koseo Stephens.
1. 1 ,,rt.w that nctlcaliy all of
.Mr. Munds is one of the well he t.hjnphe merchants" Nogales. So
oung miners of the Oatman nora are olCupying in J"'1 I,,r
The Yavapai county jail at I re.scott . , inornoration to carry on the
: contains eighty-two prisoners. . woik of dril'ing for oil. etc.. in the Hol-
j . ' brook district. , The capitalization of
' Miami is trying to establish new the company is f .I.ihmi.wmi.
j boundaries with a view to incorporate --
ing. ! Lieut Col. It. !. Keaney. quarteriiias
i ter of the Southern Department of the
I Coventor Hunt has appointed Alfred f. S. army, in which Arizona is includ
'('. Sittioth. of Oracle. Pinal counly, ed. arrived in Prescotl from San An
Isiato land appraiser. toni . Texas, to assume t hitrce of Fort
Wl!ii)ple for relialulitaimg. under or
Cohoneur.
rt a .1 ..n.i a. fin rum 11 v Known vnnnif mintr fii in iitiniuu unvi
; n firt ip.-ornnnitfiM to filt arti district, ami a son of vShriff J. L. r.,ii..A rt r-munlv wit'11 oruer issupu
imiii n 111 (.oiiii'ij - -
Muu !.- of Prescott. hv. p u Penaloza. E-Pretiilien, wunl"
'cipal of Nogales. w'h Mqutiv that
Taikev. a small station on the Brad- all .lour, com and ,'alV , 3Xf , "
shaw Moiwitain ruilrond. has a record the local consumr1011 f la t
of purchasing during the month of Jan municipal warehos an'1 'J3 8C'a
uarv from postmaster and merchant the discretion of he city ofliciais. it
J P. Cleator. jJ.U.ti worth of thrift is contended byhe ..l.i : cat ol fie a is
stauios. In the language of the l.efort. that the Chines merchant " "
,1.. war don s,.th odored folk-, give a 1Wrwt'n't as to their
she's little, but she's loud.' suppi"- of fcl"'f .,n,,
Articles of incoriM.ration have been were then ta" "' vo.u..y
!' U reported that John 'V Brown, tins issunl bv the v.ar
depar'u.cut li!"l in the offices of the"state corpor- ..l"li.iK of he or-J-r THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MARCH 177l918.
FIVE
:1
i
1
,aPI0 NETS STORY
OF BISBEE ilER
TYPICAL OF WEST
e's
Here's Recitation of L i f
Theatricals Involving Much
Time, Some Human Im
pulse and Two Old Timers.
This is a story of the southwest. It
iuigui ante iitti'peneu in aihsks a lew
years ago, or in Australia, or in South
America. But it really happened oa
the streets of Bisbee. It is a stor
of life, of men, and of the material ot
what Arizona's builders are made. Trie
visit of a pioneer to L'isbee last wee
brou?ht to mind the story. One of Its
characters lives in .Bisbee, and the
end of this tale will disclose his iden
tity. The other well, he was in hard
luck then, and he isn't now. He's hit
his. too.
It was eight years ago this stor tian
spired. A man much to the bad for
drink, unshaven, dirty of clothing, Jj
slumped of shoulder, stood at the iron
fence about the Copper Queen general
offices. He was looking off down the
canyon, past Sacramento Hill, into tne
sky, or the atmosphere, or the future.
The world looked blue, indigo blue.
He had hit town a few days before
with a roll on his hip, a bed on his
back, end a bottle of whiskey Ha null
had the bed, but the roll was gone.
the last drop of liquor was gone, ana
the thirst was burning the hell-driea
plates of his stomach. He was broke,
thirsty and hungry.
Bisbee Man Aids Him
A man with the air and appearance
of a miner and the clothes of the
iler came from the Brewery Gulcn
direction. He noted the stranger
ST. PATRICK'S DAY
I cannot write of Ireland's hills as I would write today,
For I am here and Ireland's there, full half the world away; j
And Ireland's lakes are em'rald green and 'round her the
green seas,
And I can't hear the colleen's call lilt on the Irish breeze
The way it lilted to me, and I cannot see the downs,
.Nor see the peat smcke rising from the chimneys of the j
towns.
The colleen's call and the high hills are half the world away,
! And my heart will break in my breast when comes St. Pat-
rick's Day.
! She stood beside the low stone wall and sent her laughing
call
The mocking birds I hold so dear can't call like that, at all!
i i i-.ri i i . r I l.
t or there was a bit or honey ana a dii or laugmer, too,
A-singin' in the call, oh, her eyes were Irish blue
Her eyes are Irish blue, and, oh, I know they watch for me
Until the golden sun has sunk into the western sea!
And then I know she sends her call and then she turns
CONCRETE
SHIPS
Surprising
HAY CARRY FOOD
TO
MEN IN ARMY
I
Wm. H. RANDALL, Warren District.
If you were on the battlefront
I And a bocbe with knife,
Was a Jumping down upon you
: Intent to take your life;
Would you grab your trusty rifle,
! Inspect the lock and breech
To find who was the maker.
How far its shot would reach T
Now wouldn't it be safer
Builders Hope New Type Will i Wbie, la danger from the brute.
And hurry up and shoot?
When life hangs in the balance
The time that counts is NOW!
Leave the non-essentials
To the guy that tells you how.
A better way might have been founfl.
But when you're six feet under ground
For life of me, I cannot see
What good would do to you or me.
For mine, I'd rather kill a Hun
With almost any kind of gun.
And afterwards go look and see.
Than have that pesky Hun kill me.
Solve Shipping Problem ;
Many Advantages Claimed
For This Vessel.
di:
standing so silently against the fence.
Then he stopped and looked at him
closely.
"What are you thinking about?" he
asked.
"I'll be frank," answered the stran
ger. "I was just thinking that if l
knew any one I could panhandle for
two-bits. I'd buy me a drink."
The Bisbee resident took hira by
the arm and led hira to a saloon. He
Jioisted a quart ooiue or liquor to me , an nominating testimonial of
bar, shoved aside the small glass or-!just what the war means, the United
fered by the bartender, and extendeo ; statea government Js planning to
a water glass to the stranger Take TOake wide ngJ tnrougnout tie coun
a couple ot good ones, he said. uTy of entente and German military
"Have you eaten?" the Bisbee man proclamationB issued when assuming
asked suddenly. - ! control of invaded territory.
"Not for a couple of days, was the R. fnpth ,,-.. ,,,. anrt
answer as the stranger slowly pourea ,eft to te1 tneir own gtory tne procIa.
and drank a third slug. Imations are believed to vividlv con-
The two went across the street to a trast the humane methods of one side
away
And my heart will break in my breast when comes St. Pat
rick s Day.
A little lilt o'lauehin' and a little lilt o' sone
I And she is half the world away and all the days are long!
No love is like the love that swells within the Irish heart!
Her heart's with me, my heart's with her, however far apart !
And somestimes in the night I hear her call and call and call.
And sleep has gone from me and won t come back at all,
at all!
And she is standin' on the hills and lookin far away
And, oh, my heart is like to break when comes St. Patrick's
(By Review Leased Wire)
A PACIFIC PORT. March 14. The
largest rnnrrura nhtn In thp wnrM '
i launched "here today. If the vessel
stands all tests the builders hope this
j type will help solve the nation's need
for ships. Every step of the construc
i tion has been watched by the govern
1 ment. The vessel Is 320 feet between
1 perpendiculars, 44.6 feet wide and 30
24
ATTORNEY GENERAL DECIDES
ON VARIED PROBLEMS; CODE
or oralis how published
Arizona Official Becomes General Information Officer for
Clearing of Knotty Problems; Samples of Questions Sub
mitted Show Wide Range and Much Research; Here's
Few Typical Replies.
make JO or 11 knots an
triple expansion engines furnishing
1700 horsepower. She is 10 times
larger than any concrete boat now on
record in Phis country.
Advantages claimed for the new ves
sel are that concrete construction does
not interfere with steel construction;
plenty of concrete can be had; con
crete vessels can be built for the cres
ent cost cf wooden vessels; concrete
vessels of 7500 tons can be launched
within 90 days after work starts;
while the cost of the "plant" is "as
$25,000 to $500,000," compared with a
steel shipyard.
"When the first steel vessels were
, built, people said they'd not float, or
if they did. they would be too heavy
1 to be serviceable." said W. Leslie
I Comyn, president of the concern
jwhidb built, the beat. "Now they say
! the same thing about concrete. But all
' jthe engineers we have taken over this
Differences in Entente and Prussian Fronunciamentos. Pro-laL L"cAug An-Lw, 8!!iu !
that it is a success.
The floor of the vessel is about four
With opinions on many subjects and general in another of his reports. "Our
varied, containing upward of 150 law empowers the trustees to segre-
written statements and Interpretations gate children of the African race, but
of Arizona laws, commenting and ad- does not emnnwer them in
,. , , , . 'judging questions varying from prolu-' children of the Mexican rare" savs
Suppose yw couldn't swim a stroke, biMofl tQ 8h sani,ary injectors. ! the opinion. ' "
And were thrown into the drink. and from d()VCg an(J whj, whl23 ,0 Do you ever, when out hunttn take
Would you grab a plank that floateo stafe veterinarian8. the report of the a pot shot at the mile post beside
feet of water. Her displacement Or throw u vour hands and sink? ""J? neS . ' Ar V.u?t "7 out ?oar ? "
will h 7Sfm tnn. and h will h i i ' . ' Jones, ipr me years iio-io. just is- uu uo, oesi cut It out. Most Deoo e
- ' - ii juu Melt) iv ?t a i L iui au maiiuviui j,,,-.
- i v.-vw tune, puu to icaca you jiow 10 bwiui,
hour with ; SL Peters' eate would open wide
A boob would enter in.
Day!
JfJDD MORTIMER LEWIS.
Take this advice: "Learn the game"
Before hand, if you can.
If you're up against a new one.
Meet It like a man.
If you're caught without a weapon.
Why kick and gouge and bite?
If a boche eets your number.
Make him know he's had a fight.
If you have to die well, sonny
We all have to do the same.
Don't fade out like a yellow streak.
Dam 'em all, DIE GAME!
"A Contrast With Kultur"
tection for All, the Spirit of General Allenby's Message to
the People of Jerusalem-The Lash in Conquerred
cf Italy.
the
bow. Imbedded in
540 tons of steel;
the concrete
a continuous
x- oasKet worn ot welded steel tnesh and
copies of these proclamations for the hundreds of iheavy iron bars, also
consideration of the American people. f ut" logemer.
. .i i . i. .u. t-.i.i-u ' A water tznt
A water tight wood flooring resting
for the years 191o-lb. just is- you do. best cut it out. Most neODle
by the state, is an interesting i are not aware that Just thi little
document of wide importance to resi-' target practice Is a misdemeanor and
dent? of this state. ' that each such shot fired is a viola-
Opinions of the attorney general are tion of the Arizona penal code, says
often interesting in the little volume the attorney general,
of nore than Z) pases. Many ot ; What Is Denatured Alcohol?
them throw new light on laws of he' Ask Wiley; he knows. At any rate,
state. Many of t.'iem have an element Wilt y has been asked and has handed'
of humor. Some of them give interest- down an opinion in which he tell
inc facts- relative tc the status of what denatured alcohol Is. and how
citirens. Others define customs ot It shall be denatured. In his letter to
outline duties of commissions, with a drug company In California he says:
which the general public little ac-i"I heg leave to suggest that alcohol
quainted. Most of the reports and;1"ire not less than seven grains of
orders and interpretations are Inter-; menthol to the ounce of alcohol,
esting for the information they con-Knowing that this would be very'ex
tain. but certain of the reports are ol pensive. I would ask if you cannot
more than usual Interest for the make an addition of something elst'
sfarflincne-'R cf their information, fori for denatured purposes in line with
the human-interest appeal contained In ,' the requirements of the United States
them. revenue service?"
Flags and Advertising The scope of opinions relative to
Surh a report is that on the uses ; f.k'ho1- 1Ifluor and prohibition in the
of pie American flag in which the '"tie report is wide, and among them
attomev general in replv to a renuest'"re lne following: Alcoholic beverage,
of Frederick E. W. Darrow of KIncs- brewrd or malted product prohibited:
ton. X. Y.. who aked if the printing 1 '"oholic I'auors. cannot be sold In
cf the American flas? on a paper nap-,Anzona: brewery products, shipment
(Special to The Review) ! kin is prohibited bv the Arizona stst- 0 Arlzona probihited; Hostetters
"WASHINGTON. March 16 Posters ues declares that "if the nankin bears blttprs sale prohibited unless com
prociaiming the third liberty loan In no advertising or printing upon It oth- ?cuntle1 80 89 to urohibit use as a
striking phrases and colorful designs er than the flag, and there Is no ad-i De.rerage: "l"". can be shipped on
nine million or them in more thau vertisin?: or printing upon the repre-: . Uary reservation; prohibition, with
a dozen styles now are b"ing distri- sentatinn of the flag itself. I do no n:n separate opinions taking in
buted to every city ana hamlet of the think the mere printing of it upon ' everything from cider to personal use
United States. the nankin that Is inquired about hy'and tne fe(leral court rulings.
LIBERTY
0
T
FOR THIRD LOAN
They are the silent sales agents oi ru ,s a violation of our state star-
proclamation to the people of Jerusa- " "KUl xY'.i'FV0..? Th. . n, ,-. . Mow not apply to the hiring of teach
uiiul'ih (wit Din in in vfs3fi r. r nrn.1 thkrii mnninn ni n annme unn rarpnn - ' p,- im. una ...
Soft for the Teachers
Arizona's so-called blacklist lai
i
A Contrast in Entente and Hun Methods
Proclamation of General Allenbyj Proclamation issued by the head
read to the Inhabitants of Jerusalem ; quarters of the German military gov
from the steps of the citadel in . eminent at Udine to the inhabitants
Arabic, Hebrew. English, French, llal- of the conquered portion ot Italy:
restaurant, where a meal ticket was and the barbarjgm of lne other. It is civilization and barbarism in conduct
purchased, l jey la.Kea lor a Dnet ithe pant from time to time to furni8h,ing war.
while. Then again the Bisbee man
asKea a mum quesuun.
"Sure you haven't any money?" he.
demanded.
Concludes Donations
"Hell, I've gone through every coi
ni.T of my c'.othes for quarter. I
ven took of: my sr.ois ana iookc:
nHr the inner snles. Do VOU think
d be standing out there panhandling)
ycu if I had anything?"
The Bisbee resident reached into'
his pocket and pulled out a roll or
bills. From the outside be peeled aj
ten-spot, which he handed to the!
stranger.
"When you get back on your feet
and get feeling a little better come
around to my office," said tie Bisbee
man. "I want to see you."
"Thanks," said the stranger; "glaa
to meet ycu, but who in hell are you
and where in hell is your office?"
"My office is at the Miners and Mer
chants bank," was the Bisbee man's
reply. "You just come up there and
look" around for me. If you dont
see me, ask any one where a fellow
who locks like me has gone. They'll
tell you."
How It Came About.
Several days later a new-made stran
ger stepped from the door of (iie
Ibkiik. He walked erect and smiled on
world. He was shaved, and had
secured new overalls nad shirt. Fur
ther don the street he met a friena
and stopped to talk it over. Hei s
what he said:
"I didn't know him. but he knew
me. Let's see. It was thirty-five years
ago. I bad a little camp in the Bran
shaws in Vapavai county. One nigtit
three prospectors dropped in for sup
per. They stayed all night, and be
fore leaving the next morning one said
they were out of flour. I had a ma;i
sack, so I cut in half and gave them
their share. That as thirty-five years
ago. I hadn't teen him since and 1
didn't know him. But he knew me.
See this," he concluded, and drew out
a bia roll of bills. "He gave me that,
and Im on my way to the train to gei
out of this city."
That happened eight years ago.
Since the stranger has made good !
the Ajo district, and today he owna
eoine promising claims. Recently he
visited Bisbee, and the first man he
went to see his was his old friend,
Lem Shattuck.
lem after the occupation of that city
hv thn fnrpea nf General Allpnhv Ann .
the other proclamation made by the; ,,,erry bein?; that the vessel will travel erty loan campaign closed before the
German military authorities to the ' without ballast, riding safely with her country's foremost artists and design
people of northern Italy overcome by heavy bottom. Six lonsrete bulk- era were invited to go to work oa
the Teutonic armies. Side by side, treads divide the vefsel. The main ' posters for the third loan,
thev ehnw tha different moihrutii nf! desk is wood laid on concrete string- i The result is a collection of strik-
vision is msde for water ballast, the I choosing. Hardly had the second ltn- h w Yorker tie paragraph of the ' "laI?? ,"c. der.lare the
nenai cra or Arizona in reference to ; .u.r, m m-i uiu-
defarlng the United States flag "A favorable testimo-
A man came to Arizona from an-. nifll can readily be given at any time.
other sta'e to accent a position with;say the report, "as it will be in aid of
a corporation. The corporation fur-: securing employment. Also, any
nished him with h's transportation stno,1 officials havirnr under consia-
here. Then he qu'r his iib. or eot , eraut-n uie employment or a teacher
home from the corporation,
wrote rv.e attomev general.
So
SPENCER TO CHANGE
BRITISH F000 HABIT
ian, Greek and Russian:
"To the Inhabitants of Jerusa
lem, the Blessed, ana the People
Dwelling in the Vicinity:
"The defeat inflicted upon the
Turks by- the troops under my
command has resulted in the oc
cupation of the city by my forces.
I. therefore, here and now pro
claim it to be under martial law,
under which form of administra
tion it will remain so long as
military considerations make it
necessary. However, lest any of
you should be alarmed by reason
of experience at the hands of the
enemy who has retired, I hereby
inform you that it is my desire
that every person should pursue
bis lawful bufiness without fear
of interruption. Furthermore,
since your city Is regarded with
affection by three of the great re
ligions of mankind, and its soil
.'r.as been consecrated by the
prayers and pilgrimages of devout
people of these three religions for
many centuries, therefore do I
make it known unto you that
every sacred building monument,
holv spot, shrine. tradMional site,
endowment, pious bequest or cus
tomary place of prayer will be
maintained and produced accord
ing to the existing customs and
beliefs of those to whose fal'h
they are sacred. Guards have
been placed at Bethlehem and
Rachael's tomb. The tcrab at
Hehron has been placed under ex
rlusive Moslem control. The
hereditary customs of the Wakf at
the Gates of the Holy Sepulcher
ivc been requested to take up
their customary duties in remem
brance of the magnanimous act
rf Cal'ph Omar, who portected
that church."
"A house to bouse search will
be made for all concealed arms,
weapons and ammunition. AH
victuals remainnig in the bouses
must be delivered up. Every
citizen must obey our labor regu
lations. "AU workmen, women and chil
dren over 15 years old are obliged
to work in the fields every day,
Sundays included, from 4 a. m. to
8 p. m. Disobedience will be pun
ished in the following manner:
"1. Lazy worlfmen will be ac
companied to their work and
watched by Germans. After the
harvest they will be imprisoned
for six months and every third
day will be given nothing but
bread and water.
"2. Lazy women will be obliged
to work and after the harvest re
ceive six months' imprisonment.
"3. Lazy children will be pun-
Ished by beating. The command
nt reserves the right to punfsii
lazy workmen will! twenty lashes
daily."
crs; the shelter deck Is concrete. The Ing posters, considered artistically and
I dead weight is put at 600 tons more i psychologically better than any yet
i Than that of a steel vessel of like ca- attempted in the two previous loan
pacity. The vessel wlil burn oil, us- drives. Soon they will be familiar
ing 160 barrels a day, and her rein-iehts in store windows, on billboards,
forced concrete tank will carry 30 and In all public places.
dav3' sudoIv. I In addition. 5.000.000 window stick-
"Bes'des the low first cost, we will ers. 50.000.000 poster stamps and IB.- Plv was brief and to the point "in
save 75 per cent of our lumber on 000.000 badges have been ordered and re.nonse to your inq"frv as to wheth
later boats bf re-using it. Two other; will be reday for the opening day or er there is a state law reiuirln? a
vessels of 7500 tons each will be ' the campaism. corporation who brinas an employee
started as soon' as we get this one' Some of the designers of the Liberty into Arizcna, tr supply hm with a
out of the way. In these we will use loan posters are Howard Chandler return rs. will spv that there Is
forms built -in sections and bolted. : Christy. Joseph Pennell. J. C. Leyen- no stun law in Arizona.
Wrien we strip them from the con-'decker. Sydney Riesenberg. Herbert School Segregation
crete they come off a section at a time. ! Paus, Henry Raleigh and Sydney S. In the eves of the state and in the
"A concrete boar will last I don't Stern. All contributed their work with- interpretation of the state laws. Mexi-
At any r?te.;or teachers may legally inquire for
fi rorl nr anmothincr ol jo
he warn't onite sure if he was en- '"formation whether favorable or un
titled to a return ticket tc his original , faTorao,e t'1. applicant
know how long. We know that con-lout pay, and scores of other artists ean children in the Arizona schools
inu:ans in Arizcna cannot secure
Tie re- nunting lirenses, says the report, be-
causn me sranites prescrltie that the
tribe of this stafe may not hunt or
fish off the reservation to which they
Dciong. When the attorney general
refers to doves and mhite wines he is
not sneaking of the "soiled" doves of
a city or the meet sweepers. He is
jieferring to the law which regulates
the number cf birds which may be
killed In one day's hunting.
- The opinions of the attornev een-
crete gets better the first nine years submitted designs which were reluc- may attend the Fime
classes and era' re Interesting and instructive.
of Its life, and after that it should : tantly rejected by the board
last a long while.
boat ordinarily
which spools as any other children, anrt
inere are many more .just as tersw
and full of good material in the little
hile. The life of a steel j passed on the designs submitted by enly the children of the African race coa the mi lie
vis 25 years." ' these great artUts. may he segregated, says the attorney -lunieh space wm n otmlt
arines at Play
( Correspondence Associated Press)
LONDON, Feb. 2S. "We art out to ! rl vholesome food instead
cf the machinery of food preparation. ' stoves and some electric apparatus
"The great thing is the elimination could do it all. it would be saving,
nf wate." said the director, "and for "Then national kitchens will be
this purpose we are going Into the worked by the local authorities and aa
organization of ccmmunal cooking or. order giving a formal start to the
.1 gigantic scale. Public baths nad scheme will be issued at once. The
park buildings will be turned Into ' government will provide 25 per cent
kitchens, and two halls into dining of the initial outlay free and 25 perl
halls1; street cars and omnibuses will cent more In the form of a loan; the;
carry the fin'shed product to thou- remaining 50 per cent will be raised;
rands of rmall distributing stations, by the local authorities. :
j Varied meals w ill be provided for ..The Dasc srMenie which we are
j ever) body at the lowest possible price K,i?eest'n? is that of a central station!
and there will even be special meals with distributing depots. Food will be
j " shall. Tor one thing, place p09sed out to consumers only an tick-
, wi"iin the reach, of the working .hat their nortlons mav be
01 properly checked up against their reg-
U. S. M
zbM safe-:-' ':.'..:
ey
however, that the cflce of the attornev
general is nearer a public Information
cflce than is any other in the state,
and that for varied knowledge and ex
; perience the attorney general must an-
swer to nearly every cne in the stare
I at some time in the two years that his
term of office runs.
ittit
- A'"r'C&zm RUBBER CO. -fr'-
trfAAPzZZ.-. . j NEWS BUREAU g L
change the food habits of the British
people an appalng t?tsk. but one in
which I think we riiall succeed." said
Sir ('. F. Spencer, the new'ly apitoint
ed dirmor of national kitchens, in an
interview- with the AssMiatd Press,
French and American methods nf
cooking, which are regarded as far homes i?
less wasteful of fcod than the Knglisn material
makeshift meals. We shall eliminate uIar froj cards. Supplies will thus
"Soldiers of the Sea" Encouraged ia All Outdoor Sports. Rank Include Many Noted Athletes.
I or minimize their difficulties 'n buying,
and shall release many women from
"'e aniuousness of domestic life to do
, work rf national importance. We ex
revt that the srhme will be a means
of allayinc. at least rartiaUy, some ot
the prevalent discontent.
"IndivHual cooking at Individual
waste of lahir. hea'th an
VVnen you take 1000 homes
cookery. Rr to prevail in the new w-i;h luoo fires and .-onsider the wasie
nHticnal kitchens. Twehe American of fu-l. the multiplicity of operations
-liefs and twelve French chefs are and the enormous waste, you must sunipticn off the premises, while the1
aiming to Kngland to supervise the aerce that if this could be com entrat- remainder would lie eaten at the coun-i
a!!y mentis and hive erieral li'ir-,e ed in ov ktige kitchen, and a few 'ers aivl tal:!cs."
oe stnctiy rauoneu. The v g Js ;nv(lriab,y .
"T!:e k'"hen3 w ill be open to all athlete. His spare moments are us
clarse. It is suggested that there ually devoted to outdoor sports. On
may be some difficulty in getting worn- the big" athletic field at Mare Island,
en of the upper classes to patronize ' one can see everything from boxing
them, but 1 think the reverse is more to football.
Fight" boys is reRllv a eilt-edeed in-
i vestment in health, one which pays
5 per cent fcjg dividends in later life,
be for con- , , . .. .
remaps no Drancn or ine service
attracts so many athletes. The fa
mous U. S. Marine Corps Football
tr be orcanized should be the house
cf commons dining room.
"It is recokened that
rf the meals sold would
Team, which closed a brilliant season
by defeating the Army team at Pasa
dena last New Year's day, was per
haps the greatest aggregation of
stars ever seen in the West.
The approaching baseball season
will undoubtedly see a Marine Corps
nine fully as formidable as the foot
ball team of 1917. Many former
Coast leaguers, as well as "big
leaguers", are in training at Mare
Isand.
One of the Marine's favorite sports
is "Boom Boxing." The contestants
are set astride a boom, and the fun
commences. The slightest blow de-
j livered at the proper moment is suf
ficient to topple the unlucky boxer
from his uncertain position, to the
great merriment of the assembled
Marines.
The Marine Corps Recruitinir Sta
tion of Los Angeles is located in
the Central Buililine: at t-th and Main
Streets. Other Recruiting Oilices
are located in San Diepo, Bakcrs
fielii. and Phoenix, Arizona.
; CHILDREN PLAY AS
! SHELLS WHINE ABOVE
i
(Correspondence Associated Press!
SOMEWHERE IN BELGIUM. Feb.
. 12. One of the most amazinz sights
along the Belgian front is that of a
school for children which is being
niained close to the fighting lines by
;he army throuch General Rucquny.
j! lef of staff. Here about 250 little
I folk whose homes are nearby are be
ing cared for during the day In a
school which is less than four miles
' from the German trenches.
Great shells pass with their wickec
, wail over the heads cf these younc
jsters as they play about the grounds,
j The detonation of the huge guns is
' cons!a:i' and cften the srlhool house
. recks with the vibration. Fleets of
i German airplanes circle about with
: their loads of enormous bombs. But
, the work of the school continues Its
i reir'i'.ir course.
i The American Red Cross is deeply
j intfrested In this unique institution
?r.d s hrlDin." It in every wav posi
; hlu. MaJ. John Van Schaick Jr.. act
1 i;i5 commissicner for Belgium. In a
I r. t irt .n the school raid:
j "It would appear as if these chil-
dren ouy.ht to he in a highly nervo-.ir.
, cotul'tion. hut in f:-t tliy are about
" sturdy a lot cf little Fleml.-h hoys
nn.l t'rls as I hap ever seen. Thej
ncw r riiu when the sh-l's whistle an t
explode, due of their favorite amuse-
' '' 'km ! to jeer st German airplanes,
1 ar.d they are absolutely devoid cf fear.
' It rr'-raivy would app: :r to many pm-
i 'r' 'he duty of the American Red
Crvj vT.iil.i b. to help get these chil
dren cut. InstraiT. we are giving them
a new tc-'ack. and ser.illng clothinir
;".i sh.KM. ;i help them stay. This is
ou the t ; ry th.'it it Is better for the
''IV.vn :r !e with their parents than
to he sent away. Heversins condition
- "c-nier retierations. we find that
tne b.K towns are the places of dan
4i r. and the scattered farms places of
eii-u -raiive safety. This institution
n day stliool where meals are
eive-l and instru tion given and the
i!'. iiir."i M-e at iir.eiv ' SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MARCH 17, 1918.
Trawlers Ganged a U-Boat
A Sc?p!ane Spotted German Mine Layer on Sea Bottom
Carefully Winding Nets About the German Submarine,
the English "Hounds" Make a Big "Killing."
i'rto. A hurst of rapid firing and the
first of the devil's eKtfn. its mioyancv
chamber punctured, sank with a gur
gle; the second gave a better show for
it exploded grandly nnd harmlessly as
the bullets reached It.
REV. DEATHERAGE TO OZARKS.
Rev. Vm. S. Deatherase of the First
.Christian church lias resienel his
pulpit and will leave tomorrow for his
I old home at Marshall. Ark.. In the
i Ozark mountains, to take up church
LONDON", (hv mail) One of th ! tin of high exolosive to the bar taut ! ' ork there where he left off several
methods ty which, as the first sea lorrt wi and lowered it to ali,je down tin years aso. Since he has preached the
Si. F.r.c Goddes, said recently thp : the haU. It wlfT1 ,n Oklahoma. Texw and Art-
twiS at Marshal, that the Rev.
Livedo. Journal of Commerce, r'
A spaulane had "spottea a sunmar-,; v . . . j i;eariy eoucauon ana iirsi coram ui-eu
,A,: 7r ... " ......! ' the cpr.smg of two gray mounds of ' . ... .. . ,.,, n
me nine on nit? scatm. juMaunj
kev and ten miles away a long, lean
destn yer and :'our squat trawlers de-'
tached themselves from a pack of,
hound working a covert, and hastened
to the kill. Jieanwhile. the seaplane
circled around, but when the surface
sail.-s arrived her instructions deliver
e1 t.y wireless, were curt and precise.
Acting upon them the trawlers sta-tione-1
themselves at the four corners
c a we quadrangle, wh-le the destroy ,
er Uept her gu:i3 ready to talk to ;
Kriiz should he appear above the sur- j
face. ,
Tne trawlers at the corners of the
wet quadrangle got out their sweeps ;
long wire hawsers of an incredible ,
stoutness, with a heavy ' kite" in the
center to keep their bights down &.'. ,
the Ke.i'oed and commenced to steam
towards each other. As the pairs of
vessels met their wires simultaneously ,
ensiged themselves under the U-boat s
'o-.v and "tern, and commenced to
v ork their sinuous way oetween her
-hull and the sea bottom.
It Was a Minelayer
Then the strange thing happened, j
Two round, black objects s'eenifi to de
Inch themselves from her hall and ;
float surface ards. to hover a second '
and then to co nmence bobbing down
the tide bobbing down a lane much
frequtnted by those ships that brought ,
food, munitions of war, and hundreds '
of other things to England's shore. !
".Minelayer, -;h?" called the sea-
plane's observer.
ion.
The seaplane circled twice above the
patch of rising oil. ascertained that
Fritz had been destroyed, and notified
the destroyer of the fact. Then, with
h?r observer slipping a drum of cart
ridges into his machine gun. she sped
on after those objects bobbing down
BISBEE PASTOR
i WAS HARDLY ABLE
TO TAKE A STEP
whatever his trade, profe?s!fin or
mil pit!11"1', 's K-n i.si io any conim'i-i-
rULTU jity. This paper joins tne Chiistian
; church conureiation and leeion ol
With leep regret The Review an-1 friends irt wishing he preacher hap-,
ncunces the departure Monday of the.plness and success in his old home!
Kev. V. ('. Oeatherage, pastor of the field.
Bisbee Christian church, to take: Itev. rcatherase holds service in the ,
charge of a church in Northern Ar- Christian chur h today and tonight Troubles Disappear After Tak
kansas, his old home. During the for the last time. j , .
year he has been here this big, warml Ifig l Snlac ana one
h-arted preached has made nianyiptCDrr Mnftcr MAM?
friends and done much good. He is "wuiju ii.wjli ii-v,ii.
known and liked on the street and i OFFICFRS FOR YFAR
I
Gains 1G Founds.
in the stores and shops as well as
within the wails of his church. Like
iie apostles of old. he went ou;
among men. He talked to them in a
nanner that won their respect and
confidence. The good a preacher of
this kind does for all churches and
idcing church work. His parents live it; cause of religion generally cannot , vi e ,ij,.,atoI. j Rosok. prelate. M.
but a short distance away hence has b; measured in converts to UN own , Drury trustee. D. B. Dellawav. The
wo-fcld r?asoos for leaving. i cDurcn. . entertainment committee reported ev-
The Rev. A. J. Irwin will take Rev.
The annual election of officers of
Bisbee Lodge. No. .... a.. O. O. M..
held Friday night, the 15th. resulted
in the selection, unanimously, of the
'following: Dictator. R. T. Gleason.
Pea' hr rage's place as army chaplain
for th? soldiers stationed at Lowell.
The members of the ('hrt-:tir.n Work
ers' es-?ocIh'Uii gave a &;vall farf well
trniuet for the Rev. Deatherase Fri
day nisht at t!:e Y. M. C. A.
REPORT. OF THE CONDITION OF
Miners and Merchants Bank
At Bisbee, In the State of Arizona, at the close of business March 4th, 191S.
RESOURCES
Loans and Discounts, less due from Directors $1,954 805.81
And at that, the Kev. ueanerage , Prvthinr In rea.liness for the coir.edv
has built up the Christian church her-s , performance to be given at the Eagle
aegree. n-r luvta mi , theatre next Thursday night, and at
' the Central Saturday night. The com-
to a
marked degree. He loved
wcrk and his heart was in it. His
sincerity and warm, direct, personal
appeal to all with whom he came in
rentnet had its unfailing effect.
Here was a preacher who practiced
"ha' be nreached. The simple and
direct rhetoric of the sermon on the
Mcunt furnished his text and insplrel
his practice. The loss of such a map.
cdy Is a on'i-act affair, entitled.
Graveyards Yawn." requiring
characters in its production, and re
suiting in many ludicroi?s and hair
raising situations. The performance
will be given in connection with the
regular moving pictures at both theatres.
"When I finished my seventh bottle
of Teniae nil my suffering was gone
and I found I had actually gained six
teen pounds," said Mrs. John W. Sor
rows, of 5210 Santa Fe Ave., Dallas.
Txas. recently.
"Until about eight years ago," con
tinued Mrs. Sorrows. -I always enjoy
ed fairly good health then my appetite
got to be very poor. Ie began suffer
ing from nervous Indigestion and com
menced to go down hill. Everything
Yhen i I ate caused me a pain in the pit of mv
eight : stomach and seemed to harm me in-
; stead of doing me good. Then rheu
, matism got hold of men and settled in
my left hand and foot. My hand pained
; me so I could hardly bear to raise it ifiom there h:st
I and my foot hurt so I could scarcely he was daing
i take a step.
' for some reason and I alni't became
frantic, wi'h headaches. I Jst weight
and became very wpak. I was so ner
vous I could hardly sleep and ielt al
most too bad to live.
! "I never believed much in medicine
but when I read the wonderful en
dorsements for Tanbic I bought a bot
' V "he truth, I began feeling
r,Vk.r- -'-v. away. My appetite pickeyl
up and I commenced to eat hearty and
. gain In weight. It wasn't long until
ttho swelling left my neck, my rheuma-
tism vanished and I felt like a new
person. I gained fmir pounds in the
first month and after that I gained
twelve more, making sixteen pounds.
I can eat' anything now, I Bleep like a
child every night and feel fine all th
ime."
Tanlac is sold In Bisbee by J. M.
Ball, in Douglas r.v Ijouglas Drug Co .
' In Paradise by O A. Walker, in Howie
by Bowie Drug St In San Simon by
J. B. Cooke, in Wl'lcnx by A. A. Nichol
son, in I-owell by Iiwell'Dru; Co.. in
Benson by C. F. M. ss I'hcy , and in
Gleeson by B. A. Taylor. Adv.
WAS OPERATED ON.
Arc'-.ie Tresonlng. scn of Mrs. K.
Wills, was oper?t-d on at the Copper
Queen hospital yes prday. but rptt
evening slated that
nicely. His many
My neck swelled all up irtends hope fcr hi.- speedy rovery.
37,462.25
53.939.00
7.079.18
Overdrafts -..
United States Bonds .,
State. County and Municipal Bonds
Other Bonds, Stocks. Securities, etc .
Banking House. Furniture and Fixtures
Real Estate
Specie ......!
Legal Tender and National Bank Notes .....
Kxchanges for Clearing
Due from State and National Tanks, Approved -Reserve
Agents 1.221.619.13
Due from State and National Banks, not Reserve
Agents - - 2,564.51
Assets not included under above heads, viz:
Mexican Money (Gold Value)
War Savings and Thrift Stamps
Total .
Capital Stock paid in
LIABILITIES
33.20S.91 '
99.761.00
150,000.00 I
625.390.09 ;
1.00 !
3.00 !
1.322.664.07 !
!
113.91 :
530.82 j
1
$4,191,475.61 !
CENTRAL
S 50,000.00 !
Surplus 100,000.00
209,223.23
"Thafs it. lad." came the telephone Undivided Profits. Less Current Exp. &. Taxes & Interest paid
answer, "but her eggs can wait for a i Individual Deposits subject to check $3,121,221.06
minute." j Time Deposits . 649.996.06
The trawlers now crossed their de- i Demand Certificates of Deposits . J 200.00
pendent ca'jles and thus held the U-i Time Certificates of Deposit 14.035.69
boat in a kind of wire cat's cradle. She j Certified Checks ( 2,625.00
seemed to suddenly wake from her ! CafXer's checks outstanding ,.' 3.645.34.
danger, for w ith a bound she tried to ! Due State and National Banks 32.065.29 3.823.788.44 :
disentangle herself from the meshes Dividends Unpaid .. 100.00 j
which held her. But it was no use; Reserve Interest Fund 5,027.70
the trawlers had been too long at th? Reserve Tax Funds . 3.336.24 j
game to leave any loopholes and the , . j
submarine v.as doomed. Total $4,191,475.61
"Got him." signaled the seaplane. , Slate cf Arizona. County of Cochise ss.
"Thanks," replied the destroyer, t I. P. M. Buckwalter. Cashier of the above named bank, do solemnly swear
"We'll give him five minutes to come that the above statement is true to the best of my knowledge and belief.
up and breathe, but no longer." That
time passed, but still Fritz made no
further move.
Then An Explosion
At a Ragged 6ignal from the destroy
er the port foremost trawler and the
starboard after one clipped a small red
P. M. BUCKWALTER, Cashier.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 15th day of March, 1918.
GUS HAIGLER, Notary Public.
(SEAL) My Commission Expires Jan. 8th. 1920.!
Correct Attest; !
L. C. SHATTUCK.
L. J. OVERLOCK.
GEORGE HANINGER, Directors.
.
The Conquerorefll
?1AIL The Conquerors of The Road v.-"-v I'fP&ts 'fijU'1 "1 1
S -Fl Ha3 the tires that triumphed in V 1 I f ' fvL P I
: : i the bitterest struggle ever staged fjt&jW'f tMWWl:t 1
f; between roads and tires, a con- 0,Vt V WW'&&frkf-W 9
flirt of 4.178,74 tire miles. HaU "WK V lAu 9
Goodrich Tested Tires. ' ISMMH I
Hear the story of a good fight well won. U$.Ktffwy M f"! Hm i I
One year ago Goodrich, challenging the Hj "' Sii''S r. -.'4 JtJ '
s-b roads of America to a test of strength, sent 'V'ii:ji!ivCi 3;&jfJ '! 9
J-! . : forth sixTest Car Fleets to battle America's" - J-tyi , rU 1 H
' s;'; roads in every region of the country. V'-'ii
i TE BTE 0 8Ef.Ti RES i
3
I
til
mm
The reads did their worst. East, west,
north and south, as the Test Car Fleets
"whirled from state to state, the teeth of
the road gnawed at Goodrich Tires.
But the tires conquered with phenom
enal ' mileage that doubled Goodrich's
pride. From .that test covering millions of
miles, the Test Car Fleets came back with
a new tire standard, the TESTED of
Goodrich Tested Tires.
Tested Tires mean certainty of service,
proved service, and that
means a lot to a tire user.
It means lon Lfe in a tire,
and dependability on the
road, for no hidden weak
ness could conceal itself in
that year long test of
Goodrich's Test Car Fleets.
SILVERTOWN CORDS, and BLACK
SAFETY TREADS, proved themselves
masters of the road.. The spiral-wrapped,
cable-cord tire body, and the tough,
close-clutch, cross-barred black safety
tread defied the rough going.
Under light and heavy cars they proved
themselves not for one car cr one driver,
or one road, but all cars, all drivers,
all reads.
t:
;3
') A , f
( A wireless
J from 5
f Liberty ?
t 'W. S. S." i
(i mt ' .5
Reap the benefits of this
nation-wide victory of
Goodrich Tires, the sure
mileage and dependability
of a proven tire service, by
demanding tires that won
the title, "America's Tested
Tires.".
T St TUt Sin
THE a F. GOODRICH RUBBER COMPANY
.1
la
V i
In the Heart of the World's Greatest Copper Field
Capital
Treasury
$750,000 900,000 Shares
1.500.000 Shares I claced in the
Par Value 50c
f CUFTQt V.
f X MCTCAir - M.a t
M . COIf CO. I V. f
A a120M . -vrLA
i-i V mew L,
L V ' mE55IE1BI
V""-" "e . "Uw i
U MJo cos ' V fl "Vf-vi Tfti CErTfZA. L k BUTTS I
' 0,r4cg J
JcS'r'","Et . '
jVJ X-.fiOr! El
On and after
AprU 1st
75 Cents
In Arizona, New Mexico and extending south into
Mexico, but within the limited area shown on this map,
is the world's greatest copper field. No other locality
on earth approaches this field, either in the production
of or in the known deposits of copper.
Who has not heard of the Inspiration Consolidated,
New Cornelia, Magma Copper, Ray Consolidated, Mia
mi, Old Dominion, Copper Queen, Greene Cananea, El
Tigre, Moctezuma! All these world famous mines are
within this wonderful copper belt and each of them is
producing millions of pounds of copper annually.
There are many other mines within this area that
are big producers of copper as well as silver. The Com
monwealth, located three miles from the CENTRAL
BUTTE, has produced over $43,000,000 in silver and is
still producing.
It has been but a few years since all these great mines
were prospects awaiting capital for development. It
was necessary before these prospects became producers
to raise money to install machinery and develop the
property. A great many with faith in the mineral re
sources of Arizona invested in these copper stocks, and
as a result are independent today.
Located in the geogrpfphical center of Cochise coun
ty, Arizona, and in the very heart of this wonderful cop
per belt, is the property of the CENTRAL BUTTE M1N-
Over Woolworth's
Store, Room 4,
Phone 493
ING, COMPANY. World famous producing copper
mines are located on all sides of CENTRAL BUTTE and
within this copper field.
We have opened up an enormous boiy of ere that
runs in value from I per cent to over 1 0 per cent. The
shaft is now 70 feet in'this ore body and is in ore from
the surface. From the bottom of this shaft we have run
a drift 40 feet in ore all the way.
CENTRAL BUTTE has been financed from a pros
pect to a mine by the officers and directors, their
friends and the financial representatives. Now, that an
interest in CENTRAL BUTTE is an investment, he
people of Bisbee and the Warren District are given an
opportunity to join us in the further development of
CENTRAL BUTTE and share in the profits that, ac
cording to mining men, are sure to come. ,
If you have money, and can not afford to t?ke
chances, and want to make a real investment, we invite
you to call at the office and make a thorough investiga
tion of CENTRAL BUTTE and our future plans. If
you are an investor and want to see what you are buy
ing, come in and arrange to see CENTRAL BUTTE.
The present price of 50 cents is entirely too low for
CENTRAL BUTTE. The price will be 75 cents on and
after April 1st. Dn't wait until the price advances.
BUY NOW.
Upper Main St
isbee AvtO Company If MAGAW &. WARD, Sales Agents
AGENTS F h 5 Room 4 OVER WOOLWORTH'S STORE Phone 4 S3 SEVEN
Tffll 11 li
wi- Ymvr Patnmatf
inese wwm Heratait
NEWSY FACTS AND
FIGURES OF BUSY
, LOWELL MERCHANTS
I
A. Z. MEOEDE
THE LOWELL WATCHMAKER AND JEWELER
Beau Brummel
THE QUALITY TAILORING
FOR MEN
! Popular Store.. Has Beautiful j
i Stock of Tidies for Women ;
Attractive Hats, Waists and
I Coatees Featured.
THE BIS 13 EE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MARCH 17, 1918.
So
Has a full line up-to-date of brand new Watches, Clocks,
Jewelry, Silverware and Musical goods, fresh from the
factory. You don't have to go purchase elsewhere ; you
can get what you want right here. Get the habit and
do your trading in Lowell. Repairing a specialty. If
you have a fine watch or diamond to set, you cannot
get better work than at i
A. Z. MEGE
The Lowell Jeweler
DE
If It's Work Shoes, We Have Them
Let us show you our line... For durability and reasonable price, they
cannot be beaten.
From $2.85 to, $5.50
We also carry Selz Dress Shoes
Remember, that while our "prices are always reasonable, their present
extremely low scale will be but for a short while lc nger.
Golden Rule Store
' LOWELL
"LET US SAVE YOU MONEY '
For Staple and. Fancy Groceries and Fresh Vegatables
Always Call on the New State Cash Grocery
We carry a complete stock of all kinds of fc -d products
and are always at your service. We feature our de
livery system. Phone in your grocery ordc rs.
New State Cash Grocery
PHONE 221
LOWELL
EXPER
1ENC
ED MOTORIST!
ALWAYS BRING THEIR BATTERIES TO THE WILLARD
STORAGE BATTERY SERVICE STATION WHEN THEY NEED
TESTING, REPAIRING OR RE-CHARGING.
Have Your Work Done By An Expert
LOHMAM &l WRIGHT
CENTRAL THEATRE BUILDING
LOWELL
J. WARREN KERRIGAN
IN STIRRING DRAMA
J. Warren Kerrigan, in the dramati
zation of Peter B. Kyne's novel. "A
Man's Man," at the Orpheum theatre
last night, was declared one of 'he
moot virile, most attractive and most
striking dramas ever shorn in this
district. Th play Is one of a man
who fights for love Imt whose fighting
is on the square. The hero is the kind
of hero that every man Borne time
wishes to be. The play will be shown
this afternoon at a special matinee
from 1 to 5 o'clock and again this
evening.
HUN CONFIDENT.
In spite of the inclement weather
which has delayed the . customary
spring openings, in advance of Easter,
the merchants and business men of
Lowell have all prepared for the big
spring drive and their stocks were nev
er more complete.
The Lowell . Haberdashery has just
received a big shipment of men's fur
nishings including everything from
silk shirts to necktie novelties and
classy English shoes. At the present
time, a person who desires the best
the market affords, may select a fash
ionable shirt or silk hose with necktie
to match at prices which rival those
oT the larger cities. Proprietor Kyla
R. Winstead always carries every pop
ular article of wearing ' apparel in
stock and he enjoys a rapidly increas
ing business. ,
. A. Z. Megede, the Lowell jeweler, re
ceived word last week that he had
been appointed the official watch in
spector for the El Paso and South
western system in Lowejl. Mr. Me
gede is an expert watchmaker as well
as a jeweler and bis many friends will
be pleased to hear of his appointment.
In addition to handling this work, Mr.
.Megede has a large stock of watches
and jewelry, wh'ch he sells at reaso..
able prices.
Lohman and Wright, who run the
Willard Storage Battery service sta
tion at Lowell, are firm believers .n
the policy of giving real service to the
motor car owner. Day in and day out
dozens of cars are stopped in front of
their place of business and the - wner
always has his storage battery tested
and re-filled with distillate water. ThU
service is given free and as a result,
the automobile owner always remei.i
bers Willard service when he wants
his battery repaired or re-charged.
The New State Cash Grocery at
Lowell has just received a big ship
ment of groceries in preparation tor
the usual spring boom 1 in business.
Many a housewife always planse on re
plenishing her stock of food supplies
with the coming of wanner weamer
and this progressive grocery is always
ready for the increased business. A
feature is made of deliveries and a
number of motor cars -are kept busy
throughout the day delivering goods
to various parts of the Warren Dis
trict. A
Quick service and good things to eat
are accountable for the increased busi
ness enjoyed by the Quick Service
Cafe, which is located on Main street,
specialty of giving rapid fire service
to those who are in a hurry, while ta
bles and private booths await those
who wish to take their time while d'.n
ing. Only the -choicest cuts of Kansas
City meats are served in this pop.i'.ar
restaurant and the kitchen is one of
the cleanest in the district.
u
n
MOTHER GENERAL
PRAXEDES VISITS
Mcther General Praxeds, head 3
he LoreUo order of the 'Catholic
churrh of America, spent the past few
iavs here cn a visit with the 1 nrvttn
sisters. Sh? is accompanied bv her
secretary, Mother Olivette. The
Tllther epneral hna nr r viaifiaH nic.
bee for five years and notes with !
wonder and deliehf th- substantial!
and attractive Improvements in the 1 f
' The mother general's headquarters
ire in Loretto, Kentucky, where con
venes the council of this great ami
most useful order. Loretto colleges
md academies are known the world
iver fcr their thorout;! and complete
courses of study and for their wonder
ful success in -educating and training
;irls. Here orsanization and personal
rare and attention are brought to their
hiehfst desree.
The mother general ill Icav to
flight, for northern Arizona and then
on to the Pacific coast to finish her
cur of inspection of I! u I erf tea
chools o" the west.
Dependable materials, special design and a real fit in the season's new
est weaves and colorings. t
Come in tomorrow and order your Easter Suit; not later than
Tuesday, if you want to wear it Easter morning.
Remember, if they don't fit, we lose not you. Ask those that
have bought suits from us.
SILK
SHIRTS
. - .
New Spring Manhattan shirts have arrived in all the newest pat
terns and weave's. If you fail to see our line of Silk Shirts you miss
a real treat. Let uz show you some real snappy patterns in Manhat
tans. ' -
Or anything in Men's Wear that is up-to-date will always be found
at our Store.
Our "Make Gc d'' policy insures satisfaction.
Lowell Haberdashery
12 Jit!
THE SIN WOMAN IS
FILM AT CENTRAL
The Sin Woman, shown at the C'en-
ral thfater this after-peon and to
night with t continuous periormanc1
roir. i;ao to 11 p. m."fs'4 picture tlist
erips an audience and -keeps it sx:ll
jcum! ftom start to finish.
Fpeakinr; of this play t!e New Ycrk
: rcefi'l picture whic h carrier a punc.'i
irat sweeps those who vi ;vr it )lf of
heir feet by its dramatic ineilents
Ah!J are repiets throughout."
Y BOYS TAKeThiKE
TO INDIAN CLIFFS
REVIEW WAN! ADS
BRING KtSfL'LTfc
(TSy Review Leased tvirej
LONDON. March 16. "If we con
tinue the U-boat war without flinching
we can secure a peace with EnelanJ
whic h will insure or G rmany a navy
b'se rff t'.e Famish coast for all time"
Admiral Von Tlrpltz is quoting as de
c!a.ri"c in a recent 'ele'Tsin
Members of the Ixwg department of
the Y. M. C. A. took a hike yesterday
afternoon to thi Indian cliffs and ev
ery one of the eleven xrys who accom
panied Physic al Director Jas. W. Mor
ley on the walk reported that the hike
was well worth while. '.The walkers
Ileft the 1 a 2 o'clock and did not get
back until fi. Another hike is sched
uled for March 30.
Those who were on yesterday's trip
were Robert Haskell, Alfred Loonns.
J.ick Landrum. ClaytonTt eyimlds.
Kenneth Mitchell, Claybourne Hub
bard. Henry Stoclgill. liert Morse. Har
ry I (owns. KicliHrd Means and William
For. Quick Service
and a Satisfying Meal
: Visit the
Quick Service Cafe
At Lowell
. We make a feature of our juicy steaks and appetizing
roasts. We use only the choicest Kansas City meats
and our kitchen is one cf the cleanest in the district
PRIVATE BOOTHS FOR LADIES. REAL SERVICE .
Quick Service Cafe
MAIN STREET
lovveli;
REVIEW WANT ADS BRING RESULTS THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MARCH 17, 1918.
Oroheum Theater ISS
PKfTF An
Today
Today
Big Double Attraction!
One Show Only Commencing 7 5. m.
Big Double Attraction! h
Comir.rencing 7 p. m. One Show Only Y.
. MATJEE AND CONTINUOUS 1 TO 11
HOFFMAN 4-SQUARE PICTURES CORPORATION PRESENTS
X WARREN KERRI6A
CLIFFORD BRUCE
H 1
AND
EIGHT
m
an
THEATRE
1 & 1
IN
a a
A MAR
M
AN"
Written by PETER B. KYNE
He fbhts the merciless louis of a selfish breed.
He stakes his life cn the air cf his gun.
He fights for right for friendship for love.
But he always fights fair.
MORE ACTION THAN THE FALLS OF NIAGARA MORE STUFF THAN THE
ENCYCLOPAEDIA BRITANNICA, "AND A SONG OF LOVE AS TEN
DER AS THE SPRIG OF THISTLEDOWN BY THE GENTLE
GUST OF AN AUTUMN BREEZE.
Tom Christy's AIL White
MINSTRELS
New Songs Funny Comedians Phenomenal Dancers
MASTER MUSICIANS CLASSICAL AND RAGTIME SONGS
14
r:
h
RENE FENWIC
Balcony 35 Cents
ALL SEATS RESERVED
First Floor 50 Certs
1 : fe-Jku
. Gallery 25 Cents
IN
1 ife ii ii
8 IS
m Cf r v m n Aj ,j ra 1 -j n j
r . . . . i vj
mm
r
c-a
CLIFFORD BRUCE THE SIN WOMAH""
CtOKt MM CO
A SEVEN-ACT FILM SPECTACLE EXTRAORDINARY
A wonderful drama staged in the mountains of the North, containing some of the most beautiful snow scenes ever
screened. A PLAY OF LOVE, ADVENTURE, ACTION AND SUSPENCE.
MUSIC BY ORCHESTRA
ADMISSION 15 AND 25 CENTS
LYRIC THEATRE
Lower floor ..
Balcony ,
Reserved seats
WILLIAM A BRADY PRESENTS
ETHEL CLAYTON
IN
"Rfiv IVI one
IN FIVE PARTS.
Listen, al! you bi ides and newly-weds do ycu love your husband? Lola Page didn't,
not when she married him nor later. They weren't even friends. See this picture and
learn the reason for this strange marriage and see the unusual situations which develop
ed from it. .
PARAMOUNT ARBBUCKLE COMEDIES
Roscoe "Fatty" Arbuckle in "A Reckless Romeo"
DONT FAIL TO SEE
Norma Talmadge in "The Law of Compensation"
MONDAY, MARCH EIGHTEEN
2
"T I 'iimi 1 in m 1 1 imym ,n'i im mm w,wry fr.'? '"W""! m u nun umi uh i Mmi mm i i n, iiji n nnn .' i un w i' j
ri t --'- ,'..ni t.r.ir :- - - - - -1-.- . .... ,. . -
l yf . EAGLE THEATRE j
SSSSSI a ESnliil !!lq LASI IOC AY CUN11NUOUS, 1 TO 11 1
I I A? y' rT!"?" ARTCRAFT FRESENTS j
20c ,J ;v -.a- . . t Wi "A A i I 1 I, . H A W Hi 111 f
99 aAavir:v;
y MiSfc?f W ThW Ma
3 -:x43v7?sriARTl
1
i M S
I Washincton
In the most remarkable performance of his tnlire career
now i rail
B15 Bill Hart, in this latest picture ,is seen in death-darinj
rides that have never been duplicated on the scretn.
The play selected to open the Grauman Million Dollar Phcto-PIay Palace, Los Angeles, a few weeks ago.
ADMISSION MATINEE 15 CENTS
NIGHT 15 AND 25 CENTS
I
J
City Briefs
Has anycne visited you? Or
have ycu entertained? If so. call
the Review after 6 p. m. and tell
the Society Editor, Plicae 39.
IS IN EL PASO.
Gecrse Jay, assistant purchasing
scent of the C. & A. company is in
El Paso for a few days on a business
irip connected with that company.
t;i?ez vs. R. L. Livingston will be tried.
1 he parties to ihat action are also
! residents of the Warren district.
MOTHER SERIOUSLY ILL.
Mrs. Fre1 Kaminski left yesterday
morning on the Golden State Limited
for her foimer home In New Jersey,
wfc-re she was called on account of
the serious illness of her mother.
Mrs. Kaminski has been a resident of
uhe district for about nine years.
i the road, where he has been continu
ously for 60 years and on the Wm.
Crowley & Sons pay roll for 70 yealrs.
He is now 80 years old and a "live
one." He attributes his mental and
psy8ioal activity to keeping busy and
i not worrying. He claims Doc Osier
i was dead wrong in. advocating thai a
i rran at 40 years should be chloroform
i ei His best years, he maintains.
should be those between 40 and 90,
f. be has Uv6d right and still retain
uia uicuiaiHj.
have been discarded or given away,
with the result that a number of these
wed a? in the possession of those uttempt-
Mel- ine 'o evade the draft.
"That thaA iMn. nra nt mnAri:ll
CHANGES POSITIONS.
E. E. Young, formerly of the Lowen
Drug company, has resigned his posi
tion with that company and accepted
employment at the Central pharmacy.
UNDELIVERED TELEGRAMS.
V. L. Ada Miletirh. Albert Wilson,
J. H. Waters. ?.!rs. U. H. Hill, Steve;
F. Kneo. Chris C. Jackson. F. E.
I'arnei. Tom Reponi, H. A. Johnson,
Chas. A. Deardorff.
CAUGHT WITH THE GOODS.
i John McCarthy was caught yester
' day morning as he stepped from the
train at Osborn with a suit case full
of whiskey, and was placed "under ar
rest and put in the branch county jail.
He was sent to Tombstone on the 1:30
Rockhill stage and will enter plea
of guilty introducing whiskey into
i the state. It is understood that the
' p ov ?rnment will also file a charge
against him. McCarthy i3 a recent ar-
rival in the city but long enough to
I became a member of the I. W. V'.
1 1 wed P.lanrhe Rronaugh of Seattle, glnol registration certificates.
John H. Thompson to ; "It has been reported.
i svcd Eugenia H. Campbell, both of Krebs. "that on the departure of vari-
Douglas; Shack McDonald of rt. Hua- oi's quotas or drar ces lor moDilization
ihuua to wed Elizabeth Taylor, of El renters, original res-.iMration tarus
Paso; Walter M. Stewart cf Douglas
lo wad Clara G. Randall of New Or
Hans; -Edward F. Corriyan to
rene Watkins, both of Bisbee
ine E. Bowser to wed Johnnie V.
Gordon, both of Douglas: Roser L.!vclue to draft evcders is easily seen.
Tessman to wed Juana Buckley, both , for they are the principal evidence
f Douglas. ! upon which these men are apprchend-
' cd. Car,Js must be turned in to the
HAS RETURNED. Sre cS " "
Deputy rnlWd ate Marshal aZ?JTorl3l class 5 ex-
Jatne McDonald, returned yesterday for physical disqual-
roma tnp to Tucson and Tombstone. re()lJCSt0 eilnpr ue.
no iook jonn vnio?K. .rum 8!rn or tdrn them iB u, loca,
i'.Un S?f,re f L 'Teadquartc-r. on receipt of the new
H"18,163 COV- f?P ?, viola IJ? class l cards. This concerns only
of th Reed amendment. He was r- . ,l0, thtk ,.,'
AFTER JURORS.
Deputy sherifrg were busy yesterday
rounding up a bu:ch of jurors for
service ia the superior court at Tomb
stone, who will report for duty oa
Monday morning.
RED CROSS RUMMAGE SALE.
The mnmiaze sale of the V. W. C.
A. will be held at the club rooms in
the Hurhes blc-ck. opposite the Y. M.
C. A. Mond ty when spring hats will be
I'laced cn display.
FINED ONE HUNDRED.
George Hayden. was arrested yes
terday by Officer Kempton in his room
on a charge of having whiskey in his
possession in a public rooming house.
He was aken before Judge Frank
Thomas and entered-a plea of guilty
and was fined JlOO whkh he paid but
he has ten days to serve out in jail.
H? was a room mate or partner of
J. McCarthy, who was caught bring
ing in another supply yesterday and
who i now in the county jail, men
tion of who's arrest in another part of
it his paper.
.ON MANGANESE CONFERENCE.
.amm J. Flanvan left lat night on
the Gc'.den S;a:e I.iniUel for Los An
geles wher? he will remain for a few
c!ays and then will go direct to Wash
ington, D. C, where he will confer
with manganese prcducers from all
parts of the United States who have
been called there by the government
representatives.
SET FOR MONDAY.
Tbe civil case of J. A. Walker vs.
Wl'l!am Flynn. an action for debt,
will be tried in the superior court at
Tombstone on Monday. All par:ie
conrerned are residents of th- War
ren district A number of witnesses
were subpoened yesterday to tend.
Tuesday tii; ca-e of Ramon Rodri-
WAS IN CITY. f
Mrs. V. G. Meleren was in the city
yesterday fiom her home in Tomb
Kfcne pnd will return tbTe this morn
ing. She sta'ed that sh- had receiv
ed several letters from her husband
who Is now In France and that he ex
pee ted to return to the I'nited States
In f fw months. He was sent over
i here an obsenv with a detach
ment ef the encineVing corps and
ould then return here and Eive in
Kfiirtions in ramps in the easi. He
r?s known anur.; his frisnds here as
Fu.zy"
ALLOWED THIRTY DAYS.
William Bardon and Harry Wright,
wholesale liquor dealers, of Rodeo,
indicted ii the United States court at
Tucson on a charge of conspiracy to
violate the Reed amendment, have
changed their pleas from not guil'y
to guilty and have been given thirty
days time by the court in which to
settle up their business affairs in Ro
deo and return to Tucson for- sent
ence. They found that the govern
ment had a cinch case against them
end decided that It was uselcsa to
fight the case. They will return to
Tucson on April 12th to be sentenced.
The punishment extends to a two-year
imprisonment and a $10,000 fine.
THROUGH TO TOMBSTONE.
Deputy Sheriff Percy ltowden was
in the city yesterday on his way to
Tombstone where be was called on
business connected with his official
posiUon. He states that there is not
as many bootleggers operating be
tw?cn Douglas and Rodeo as there
has been in the past and the fact that
the state and government both take;
a turn in their prosecution has com
pelled the majority of them to quin
the business. And the further fact
that the government is now indicting
the wholesalers for p. conspiracy to,
violrte the law when they sell to a
man whom they kncw intends to fcrin?
it into Arizona is also having its ef
fect. Tw o of th?m are now awaiting j
senience on mat cnarge.
urged to attend. J. F. Wilmouth, W. P
S40
DANCE
Don't forget big St. Patrick's dance
rlokduy. .March lMh. at Eagle Hall.
Air
L. L. Gilman sells the New Edison,
"the phonograph with a soul."
Spvpert pap.r Danger ana palater. Z
J. Brandt- Tbona 456 Box 150. 580
which is at the present time In the
hands of the sales agents. The pres
ent price is 20 cents per share. P.
Urig.cs & Co.. opposite Central theatre,
Low'.'ll Adv. S'ti
Dr. Playfair, Osteopath. SS Maion
Hill. Mason car atop. Pnone Blue 647.
Adv. 231
Y. V. C A. CAFETERIA
PEN TO THE PUBLIC
Prices Reasonable '
Breakfast 6:50 to 8:30
Lurch 11:30 ta 1:"C
Dinner.
... 5:00 ta 6:30
MATERNITY HOME
Call Biack &73 for terms, etc.
Advertisement 974
Phnna 4?i nr ?r,il Tor nirps on nalnt-
rested in this city a few days ago by. ' c,acSi,ird under 5 as physically I ins and paper hanging. New. goods
unfit for field service, and later called
.unsj. uw a, reexamination and classification
waa giveo ten days in the city jail ,
and fined $200. He paid his fine 'unutr
Cpon the deputy' return from Tuc-i LATE TO CLASSIFY
:oa he brought back to Tombstone
R. Bowen and John Hall, who had p0R RENT Furnished housekeeping
been held in Tucson as witnesses in
the United Stat;s court. Bowen it
will be remembered was acting as a
government man and was caught
bringing in whiskey from Rodeo.
John Hall is charged with the same
e flense. They will now be tried in
the superior court on the stated
charges. '
apartments. 1S9 Temhy Avenue, one
block north of high school. 9a4
now here.
Guarantee Paint Co.
Adv. 2S0
Reduce the high cost of living by
bringing your shoes to our repair de
partment. Kobey's, opposite Eagle
theater. Adv. 53S
Business Locals
For noon day lur.ea. go to the
English Kitchen and try one of their
35c combinations; choice of three
combinations. Adv. 317
MADAM CAGNEY
- I rifts the dark vei" of the nast. reads
j Don't forget to attend Irish dance I tne aestiny of the f ture. Across from
at the Eagles Hall, Monday. March 18. I theatre Lowell Adv. 653
i Adv. 955 j
ROCKHILL'S STAGE
Don't forget to attend Irish dance I R!h.Tnmhsfnn. leaves Bisbee
or. who formerly lived in this city at tne ..agios nan. .ionciay, jiann i. Blsbee Auto Co ., 7 a. m .. 1:30 p . m. 7
WAS SERIOUSLY INJURED.
Advices were received here yestcr
aay to the eff?ct that Mrs. Ross Tayl-
smMSm
You don't Lave to wear a ready
made suit for Easter why will you
do it? Order your Easter suit now
and get it in time to bo dressed
better than the best.
JOE DICKSTEIN
Ajent for The Royal Tailors.
s Made to Measure liotnes.
Main St., Next to Daily Review.
ad been injured In a runaway near
Couglas on Friday. The Douglas Dis
patch of yesterday morning hnd th
following item regarding the actid-
Adv. 955 pnone Bisbee 6.
AdT. J
DR. EDWARD COLMAN
Chlronractor and Osteor-ath. n,r-
and entertainment at St. Patrick's Hall ' vousnrss and rheumatism a specialty.
Office Johnson Block, opposite Johr-
Adv 3j"
ST. PATRICK'S DAY
Don't forget to attend big dinner
cut:
"Mrs. Ross Tavlor. who resides auditorium of new Catholic churcn
about three miles west of the C. & A. Sunday. March 17. Dinner served from son Addition car htop.
smelter. ua hrmisrJ to tile Calumet 12 until S. Adv. 956 i
hospital in this city yesterday and it
is feared she is suffering from con-' eT PATRICK'S DAY
cussion of the brain, the result of an Don't forcet to attend big dinner:
accident, when she was thrown out an: entertainment at St. Patrick's Hall j NOTICE,
of a busey Thursday when driving auditorium of new Catholic church.. Any carpenters desirin? ship worV
home after a trio to Douilas. Th? snndav. March-17. Dinner served from ; with the government --culd lo well
See our new wall rape. Guarantee
Paint Co. Phone 45 or 750. Adv. 2S0
; SCME TRAVELER.
W. W. Fla.-ig is a visitor ta the city.
' Mr. Flasi? lias the distinction of be
.Inj the 'oldest trailing salesman on
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses
were issued out of the clerk's oftice
at Tombstone during the pat week:
J. W. Irwin to wed l.uce Montanon.
both of Douglas: William E. Foster
of Pirtlivllle to wed Olena Glasscock
of Rurker: Albert Groth of Douglas
to weil Winfrid Hogan. of Blsbee;
Le George Bellford cf Douglas to
1iorse was the same one that her hus- ij uniil S. Adv. 953
band was driving a few weeks a-o,
when ha was thrown from the vehicle ATTENTION EAGLES.
and sutfered a broken arm. and the Next remil.ir meting will be h'ld
accUent occurred In almost the same Tue ::. M;nh :iad of Monday
place, about a lalf mile east of their p rrn is. ii;irtin and other busi
bv applying to secretary cf l,oea!
14S. at l'n(on Ha'I. Meetings eery
Tuesday evening at 7 o'clock.
Adv. 454
home." v
Her many friends here hope that her urred to attend
Injurits will net prove t.erio;is and th-it
Er.e will svon be nhle to to nbou'.
f i:iirirt:ince. .!1 niein! ers are
THE WARREN SULPHUR A O'L
STOCK OVERSUBSCRIBED
J. F. Wilmoth. W. P. is evidenced by a letter received by
S40 k. P.riggs from the prcident of the
company. Horace A. Lay. In which he
states that the had recently turned
ATTENTION EAGLES
Next regular meeting will bo held" down an order for 1'io.ono shares for
th reason that they did not want to
SPECIAL WARNING.
Stcial warning was Issued y-ster- Tueil.iv March l". instead of Monday
day by Ray ',. Krebs secretary of the March IS. Initiation and other bud- sell that amount of stock in addition
Cochise local board. In regard to ori-noss of importance. All members are to what they have already pledged
DANCE
EAGLE HALL
EVERY
WEDNESDAY AND
SATURDAY
EVENING
, 3:30
(F. O. E. 175)
SHAWS ORCHESTRA
St. Patrick's Day
Grand Masquerade
BALL
BROPHY HALL
LOWELL
Saturday Evening, March 16
Gents $1.00 Ladles Free
Harmon's Orchestra 4
I SOCIETY
SECTION
I MINING
SECTION i
MEMBER ASSOCIATED" PRESS
VOL 20. No. 241.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MARCH 17, 1918.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
MINES, MINING.
CAL
STOCKS AND COPPER
LO
i
OATH DISTRICT
IBS OPDI RICH
mm ore
Developments of Past Few
Weeks of Vital Importance;
Ectpse All Former History
of Camp.
(Special to The Review
OATMAN. Aril, March 16. The
dining development of the past few
weeks . in the Oatman district have
been of su:h tremendous and vital im
port as to eclicse all former happen
ings in the history of the camp. In
volving as they do the three principal
nfttfe properties, events or secondary
interest are entirely lot siplit of. The
rapid approach of tile date for in
augurating actual bullion by the Gold
Ore would be sufficiently significant
in itself to attract the attention of the
wining wcrld in ordinary times",
though this consummation now shares
boners wi'h eooeh-making aecomplish-
ments en the Tom Reed and the
United Eastern.
At the qold Ore t'w first stope has
bn croken into, this being at the
point where the raise from the 650
foot level was ccr.ne?ted wit"- the
winze below the 500-foot levl. When
this work was commenced laft week
it marked the o;ening of the work ot
minirrp ere for shipment to the mill.
t the ssme time, a drift was start
ed to the west alon? the vein from
the cross-cut. and within 10 feet an
other stone will be started, which
HISTORIC CAMP
Y
SIS-S-S BOOM! AH-II-II!
mi
It!
MM
Mine Famous Before Civil!
War as Silver Producer,
Closed b y Confederates,
May Again Be Opened.
(Special to The Review)
Tl'CSON. March 16. The possibil
ity that the historical mines of the
Cababi Mining company, located 70 j
miles wesi oi i ucson, may oe openeu
up, was indicated this week, when it
was reported that the old camp had
been leased by the directors of the
company. The lease is for 60 days
only, and unless it is extended, whicn
is provided for, little development can
be expected in the time allowed. It
was said that the lease was given
with a nominal purchase price, ar
ranged on a sliding scale. I
The Cababi mines long before the i
Civil War were the center of a groat
mining activity. So rich was the vein j
that it was said the shipment of ore, t
running 1000 ounces of silver to the ;
ton, was not uncommon. j
The property was originally patent-
cd y u'e mtuer oi xuuis inrict-r, jiiu
prietor of the Santa Rita hotel, who
then lived in Yuma. It changed hands
at various times and was 'one time
said to have been worked by Parades.
the bandit, who is reported to have
brought big shipments of rich ore to
j Tucson and gambled away the pro-
ceeas.
Soldiers Bury Veins
At the time or the Civil War it is
reported the Confederate soldiers in
their retreat before the California
troops pulled the pillars in the deep
wcrkinss and forever buried the big
rich, veins, fearing the .federal sot
i k nmn, n'MWi iu '
.... . .. -.-, - ..-.. -.''', , . - ''I':'.''
v .1 .T : "h&ih yr SVGAs'-.
March Forecasts Give
Little Hope for High
Production of Copper
Early Available Reports Indicate Decline of Past Several
Months, Dae to Inroads On High Grade and Forced Pro
duction, Will Continue; Difficulties of Maintaining Out
pot Increased.
r-.-f.ss win r repeated at intervals
of 50 feet along the fun length or the i djers would use the ore for bullets.
will
ere bodv. A drift to the east
also be under way very soon.
Tuesc?8v the first ore will be sent
In 1875 visitors' to the propert ,
found Indian miners working using -
i chicken ladders from the shafts anr
to the mill, and as soon as the mill keeping the water, that had developed.
cin are- filled the 6tamps will begin at a jow level by dragging it up in
to dro3 after r.r. idleness of IS months. ; -kin buckets. It was said that t:u
Tom Reed Development 1 Indians, after they had hauled so many '
. The magnitude and Importance or buckets or skins of water from the
tv" 'nciiTfTy recently mftde and mine, were permitted to enter ether
steadily being deve'oped on the Bald workings and dig ore for themselves.
Krle claim of the. Tom Reed Gold as a result of this, it was said that
Mines company is finally becoming as manv as 40 arastas were used byP! 1 PnilMTV M'MCDO
fully understood by mining men who the Indian workmen miners to make yLA uUUfil I inlilllliU
are iam. lar wim iue uumi-L concentrates.
In order to be protected against' The Cpbabi Mining company, it is
ever st'Jn" the case an dthns creating ' reported, spent nearly $400,000 min-:
false hopes, the management has ing in the property, hoping to reacu '
r'eadfasflv refused to give out any es- the rich ore known to be in the deejj
timates of the futfire possibilities ot er workings that had been closed by:
the ore body now being explored, m the -Confederate soldiers. Many ricn,
STRIKE RICH COPPER
fj:t, they have disconnted the actual
results being obtained from day to
dav in order to be on the safe side.
Tis does not mean that they have
attempted in any way to conceal the
actual facts, as vis'tors were freely
admitted to the rnderground workings
to view the discovery for the first
two creeks after the great 87-foot vein
was crops-cut.
FORTUNA EXPECTS TO SILVERBELL WINERS
OPEN BIG ORE BODY ! BUY THRIFT STAMPS
(Special to The Review)
fact It is said that the matrix is a and Bll'y Haggerty are wearing;
network of stringers, but the rich vein , smiles of intense satisfaction . these! district,'
was never round. days over their recent strike on tha.or the Silver
interest uiviaea .:,. n-,i evrnini:.
distrirt is miles southwest nf r.lnlio i This conclusion
I
(Ste-ial to The Review ! (Siwial to The. Review!
SUPEuldrt. Aru.. March 16. , TrCSO.V. March 16. Due to the ef
Fourteen feet more and Kortuna will forts of General Manager J. Kruttsch-
be one of the greatest mines in the nitt. Jr., and George W. Diet! of Silver
said an old-time mining man , Bell, Ariz., the lively mining camp lo-
King sett ion, Tuesday , cated at that place sent in an order
this week for over 11200 worth, or
The outstanding features of mining
interest in and around Tucson during
the last weeS have unfortunately been
nf mnmlpT onhmnrfno character Tn-
This nrivileee had to j: .i .i s .-c .
W j..niiatlaJ hAWMAr Ml OO-nilTll nT . . .... . . "
i-o tauvnu, yeiopments aue wunin six weews.
me f.i " k-h- - Xi,e 0,i drilling in tne enmo neia ; . , , from this crek thow values of lo
wished to view the wonderful show- baa awakened interest in speculative now in one of the several ledges on,ounce3 la gi.ei. n .eJU
Ing with their own eyes, as it hindered ol, locatjons ji,a(je in days when Tuc- their property. The hanging wall has wi;h neariy in gold, giving the
the work of the miners. i gon wa8 optimistic than at present. not yet been reached in. a distance of'conipr.ny a'gocd body of ore tliat wul
Ore Body Has Length 1 1 this way the location of oil claims ... , . x. , ?n f-r nw. s-'nn tr, . tn
disclosed a eood five, feet which shows T he tunnel Is now in atcut EoO rect.
was based on the
The two hustling argonauts likewise .i ' ,,.'. , ' , l i, Z
ncl is new iu a mass or hit;h grade
claim the state record for crots- silver-ccnner-lead ore. and that It car-
having done 300 feet in T2;ries a sireak of real bonanza ore
Rhifts The end of the cross-cut is approximately iv incf.es wide
88 ner cent corner. Sfi 40 in cold and The tunnel W l! tut tUe eat-WCSt ! '" unu uio irnu g.u
in ,,-.- in .Tiv.r " .Assure vein system at alniut 970 feet. ;the fiast two weeks with J2200 worth
-. ,i," !.., acconline to a statement mnde hv the-of stamps sold. This, added
. . . i , . . i . ... . rdiirfi fri
is a streak or bun grade silver ore -um mjiunr, e;iu iaere suuimu
which the boys, are preparing to sack fce sensational r.ev s from the I Urtur.a
as it is taken out. The lower grade Conso! Wat id not later than tiie first
More than 2')0 feet of the vein Bas at Bowie has become of local interest,
now been explored by drifting both to particularly on more or less copfideu-
the east and west from the cross-cut, tial advices that oil has been founu
T we drift i still the richest, the there.
high grade streak having widened out During the week the San Xavier
to nearly two feet. Values continue Extension was reported as having for
ntoeptior.allv high, it being estimated a second time reached the rich vein
";at "l CnUre . driftIJ"11 "veraSf e'ei soroe time ago in the ex- Qf of whi(.h fJipre g an ,mnieM. of the coming week
aurui eiui per iuu. rmiu iu pioranno cnaiu me Aipna .uiiiinj; vuim-
tons per dav of this rich ore has more pany had consolidated its ore body m
than doubled the daily mill returns, the lower workings, and there were
making it necessary to reduce the reports of negotiations looking to the
tonnage and readjust the classifiers, sale of the Port Arthur block of claims
as the cyanide tanks could not handle in the San Xavier district
such a lar?e tonnage of high grade Smelter Possibilities
ore In the discussion of concentrators.
The east drift runs much lower in ; smelters and mills, the Ross project.
thrift and war savings stamps.
Assistant Cashier Harry Holbert ot
the Arizona National Bank received a
hurry call this week from Silver Bell
for $540 worth of the war stamps.
Assays i 1 nese were prompuy senu ononiy
afterward a hurry call came to the
local postofflce. and Assistant Post
master Oakley sent out J714 worth of
war savings and thrift stamps.
The Southern Arizona bank reports
S"7 north of stamps sold last week.
tonnage, runs better than 530 per ton Th9 New Yorx Commercial. . the
in the three metals. A little develop-; loii'i financial newspater of the me
ment work is all that is needed to ircvSis of '.he n.-tinn in It 3 issue or,
make this a mine cf the first class , February 15, published the following1
and a big, steady producer. The own-' r-'rt-ci mnt, seiUed r.t tie New a'ork
ers have been working hours overtime offices of the Fortuna:
and carrying in, their timbers and sun-i The Fortuna Consolidated Mining
plies on their back to vindicate their company reparu that U'e tunnel run!
f .1 1 , Vi In th. ni-nnorlv Tholp u-oll ,11- as a di-'f' trt Mia 11 n r i t-1 1 I, fl-.-cum
value as the hitA grade streak was; the Pima Mining and Smelting com- efforts haye bepn enormouj;T Tein &im'cA t0 iuleT!iect he east-west
lost for several days. It was picked i pany. and the Ramsdell mill for the
up asain rarther to the north by a big Childs molybdenite propertv at
rc-it"'. and th-1 enire drift is aver- Mammoth carried Uie Interest during
aging good commercial ore across the the week,
entire face-
Three shifts are employed in the ing in public favor since its incor
two drifts and they making about 100 poration. with George Myers. John W.
foe rrocTess each week. Bogan and Alford Roos as prime fac-
At the Gray Eagle the 400-foot level j tors, followed by a meeting at whicn
has been conr.ected up with the 200- these were elected, of course, the di
foot lev1 of the No. 2 dray F"aele rectors of the company. Ccr.f Iderable
successful. vein system is expected to cut the
Few mining men on this side of the a.ter ;-.t any lime. The tunnel is
Finals seem to know that just over new in abcitt 900 feet. The eat--
Ik. .nmm-!t lta nna nf the Til D 1. 1 TL'ot vnln evetam ie MjTnp.'o ,r rH
The Ross project seemed to be gam- promlsinK mining districts anywhere marni -anient a.i the wesTern extension
in the southwest. It is a poor mans of the S'lver King next east or the:
camp. The formation is schist ami Fortuna and the Magma copper mine
slate, with occasional diabase and r'u-'i:er ear-t. The tnunel will cut the
lime belts. The values come well un east-west fissure vein system at a
to the surface. The ledges or veins tU :-h of alout 400 fe.n below t'.'.e
sold. This, added to the
reports from Ajo last week, crougnt
up the first of .March figures with an
added amount of $5000.
Dr. F. S. llerndon is organizing war
savings societies among the Papago
Indians at the local Indian school. A
photograph of the Indians with their
war savings banner will be taken in a
few days and sent on to headquarters
at Washington for advertising pur
poses. Through the ccurtsey of the local
Red Cross society, thrift stamps will
be given as prizes at the j'tney dance
which is -held at the Armory every
Saturday nisht.
SHORT SHUTDOWN AT
JEROME GOPPER MINE
Fhif? and a winze is being sunk to
-, 'efi pia Er.ele drift about
C5 feet. Tliis is going down in eocd
ere The fse of ".the west drift from
ths PaH Fas'e workings Is still
f frrm ,ve Gray Eaele winze.
mcney had been received as subscrip
tions ro stock with which to move the
plant to the city from Soecoro, N. M.
Other smelter projects visualizing
300 millions of dollars for investment and
a building program covering a period
W'o'-V will undoubtedly he started of years, seend duirng the wecX
fror tf'e cross rut tat we?, run south to have been dropped, although tie
from fh z'e shaft some time ago. ' proomters were among the strongest, Rnd carrles alout
1 ins rross-cui encounierea me vein men oi uie uiMntu
in a 7fTie tl'at vas somenhat broken; Projected Mill
and work w?s discontinued on fiat ac-l The projected mill for the Childs
count This cross-cut is over 600 feet ; property, on the contrary, met with
east from the second Aztec cross-cut. encouragement on the showing pre
fo that it aflnrts n onnortunity to'sented lorally. Production is promised
explore the vein In that iiirer-tion. I within 60 days after the mill ;s
Unifd Eastern Meeting started.
The anrtial meetine of the I'nlfea 1 Several strikes of silver-lead ore to
F-r-prn 'nin rcmnany held at the the Sierritas were reported in the city,
ofice here on Tuesday was devoid ot.but there was not enough Information
unusual incident. Of 1.S6?.000 h?reaito give credence to the tales,
onrstar-l'rr. a toal of 1.197.001 were; Changes at San Xavier
rpprpsentPfl. The srniipl reports nf! A. B. Rlchmon wi!l take choree of
th rr--ls rr not ccmpletA, as the tl.e nein'cer-f'reeman operations at
amount of excess profits war tnx to Ssti Xivle- next wefk. succeeding
j. r-.l l h t comranv for Il 7 ii ' Robert J. Ward, who has been made
sti'l an unknown qu'ntity. J foreman."
sHe frrjn this I'pra. wh!ch is not; Richmond was the engineer upon
1
run from 10 feet to 00 feet in widt.i.
The sulphides sho prominently at
water level, and tlier- is no question
as to how deep tha values extevl.
A glance at the formation 'is enoaca
to convince t?ie tnest skeptical tlit
values continue as far down as min
ing machinery can follow them. Min
eral creek runs through the district.
300 inches of
t
surfac and 2i'0 feet below the deep
est old workings of the Fortuna. T'ie
l.reiol or the tuniiel shows a foot
s.reak o.' 1ior:n:a to, which cxhi'.rts
greater permanence than the stro: ks
en.Konie.-ed farther si-u;h I:i the vein
and farthir-removed frcai the Int,r
F.C'in with the east-west s-stem.
This ore runs above 125 ounces silver
fm and 7 per cent copper per ton. with
It Is indicated that copper production in Arizona for March will continue
to show the decline from no.ciai which has been in evidence ever since forced
production with inroads upon available high-grade reserves has been cornpellefl
by t-e comparatively low price fixed for the metal by the government.
As time passes the difficulties of maintaining output naturally increases
j!tnder this condition, and are not eased by the comparatively minor deterrents
rccumulating through the withdrawal of technical men and mechanics into
the arniv and other government service. The combination, of retarding cdn-
-
Jitions is not immediately felt, but is progressive, and each month become
a greater factor In preventing maximum output of metal. In the last few
months the increasingly rapid retirement of mechanics from mines, mills
and smelters to go on government contract work at higher pay than the
copper mines can possibly stand on the present metal market has much
accentuated the leser difficulties.
Need cf Higher 'Market.
On a higher metal market the mines coulu use considerably more labor,
because they wxmld be enabled to extract both their lower and hl-her grade
ores, but with Uie price as it is there is plenty of labor now available in
most of the districts, exclusive of a type of floating supply whic'i both the
mines and the government apparently realize it would be undesirable to
have in employment, it being classified as made up of disloyal citizens. Ger
man propagandists and agents, who, while ostensibly locking for work, are
in reality seeking opportunity to get among the men and disturb the output
of copper, aiming to cripple the government at a critical hour of need of the
metal for itself and its allies. This undesirable element has admittedly been
a menace in the state, and it is encouraging that recently it has received
more attention at the hands of Investigators for the government, the instruc
tions of which as hey stand, hqwever, go' no further than directing that
employment be not given. Opening has thu's been left fcr complaint and
charges of discrimination which are most unjust, but which abet the real
purpose of the men making them, whose German prcprunnda instruction.'
are to spread discontent as plausibly as possible. I
Oppose Stock Sale Clause
A proposed resolution to go before a meeting of representatives of
states having '"blue sky" incorporation laws, to be held in C?!chgo March
19-21. is opposod in an open letter Issued to the meeting by the Arizona
Chapter, American Mining Congress, because of provision contained that
the states agree to abolish the issuance of stock selling permits during the
remainder of the war.
The letter takes the stand that-such course would seriously hamper
the development of metals which are essential to the conduct of the war.'
pointing out that price regulation of these by the government thus far in
the war has not been such as to permit Uu conduct of development on a
scale proportionate with the. maximum output cf metal which has been
necessary to meet government requirements, and that therefore there la
greater need than ever of the acquirement of money from Investors In the
development of metals with which to open new properties and extend the
resources of old ones.
Cites Case of Copper
The case of' copper is cited, development of which has been greatly
retarded by the comparatively low price prevalent since last summer under
government orders. Gold, silver and lead are mentioned, while manganese
and other of the rarer rgetals on tho American continent are pointed to as
examples of lack of price fixation or of protective taric regulation. American
miners, it is asserted, have been restrained from the development of man
ganese and associated steel finishing metals in the western states in large
measure because of the fact that they have been In dirct competition with
mining of large bodies of these metals at exceedingly low costs :n other
parts of the world. It is instanced that cargoes of manjranese when ship
bottoms are available from Brazil promptly knock the bottom out of tho
American market and make minlngi of the metals In this country at the
present stage of their development unprofitable.
The congress suggests that requirement from operating mining com-
i
panies of complete and plainly understandable statements of mining costs
is the quickest road to accomplishing the protection of the public, which
Is the aim of the blue sky Haws. With such data in general circulation the
public will cease to be prey for fraudulent promotora who twist figures of
JEROME. March 16. Operations
hnvA r"n Qiwnnn H.ft at thft IrrTTlA f
rwt.i rxmmnr'i ni-nmtrtv 111.T. mtiM mining coats as now presented in such manner as to carry conviction that
water. ' ' nearly $:t in gold, rtt J14S per ton
Messrs. Malioy and Haggerty have on present metal prices. With only
a property they believe fully war-' GliO.O'.'O shares outstcaJipi:. the mar
rants the satisfaction they exude, n1 i (- pr'ce of 40 cents a s-'iare, renre-
south of Jerome. It is expected that
the shutdown will be for only a few
days.
A General Develcpraent company
engineer and geologist Is due to ar
rive In Jerome within a day or two.
The understanding is that he will
make a thorough inspection of the
property and that then a resumption
of development will be ordered.
That the General Development
the Industry pays abnormal profits, whirh is not true. A comprehensive
check would thus be secured upon wijd investment in mining enterprises
during the war period, without interfering with needed, legitimate invest
ment, double purpose thus being served in protecting the public and con
serving funds.
Miners' Spirit Co-operative
Indicative of growing spirt In all the mining districts toward co-operation
amply compensating them for strenu- gents a market value of only $4tV company, which is barked by tlie" ' "' juu nu..i.R uir ir, . ""--
ous labor expended and hardships f, r the capitalization. This Ivcwissotns, ha no Idea of giving up j.citT ticket formulated in mass meeting of citizens of all parties for the
endured. would ho equivalent to 51 a snare tor the Hcoker & t.win; group is snown
that transportation , Mapma Copper company stock
this side are totally - 24ti.W0 slures.
with
bv the fact that a further payment
of JvO.OOO was made to the owners
some ten days ago.
Tnsf before the shutdown some ex-
ceedingly promising territory was )iCans.
Colo., March 16. Mrs. opened. The Jasper encountered last'
D. A. R. IN SESSION.
Blsbee city primary and city election. The ticket Is beaded by Jacob Erlck
son, present mayor, with candidates for council selected from among repre
sentative citizens, equal division obtaining between democrats and repub-
The slogan of the non-partisan ticket is elimination of petty political
Tf-T-rT r -lrt T..fc II! TM n.,n.,.l Tlia 1ncrr tncnnnlprAi1 last.
Gerald' ll Srh-ivier" of Denver, state week prove to be twenty feet wide. , nd 8oIld front for "Meat efficiency in all ways during the
of the Colorado Dauchters of The farther wall is either an altered period of the war. FubMe comment indicates overwhelming indorsement
(Continued on Page Two)
(Continued on Page Two)
They regret
facilities from
lactiimr. Nothing but a mean burro
trail links that Important part of
Gila county to this side, although it
is bound to come rapidly to tho
front as one of the most important
districts In the state. Un account o? reiri nt
, I. n ta1 .f B r .jl I-niH nvpf the 1- ..... -!. .. T7 Avnlllt inn arwt oil ,-lhor Hlnfl-A ,r A miftrtZ romtlVTV. Nil TT1 ill
summit th business of Mineral tates o'ficers were released were re- eralUatlon of Importance was found .ot the spirit of the movement.
Cree district, which will be consid- lceted today at the annual convention on the contact, but mining men txi Studying Manganese
LI. - . '''.-.;.....-.. U'lL-nl. . , - . . . T-l Ann..AK.l -1 I I i . .. it..., , n rif-lftfl . 1 1," (T ll T1 -
man and Ray. 'two days' session late this afternoon, j tact may load to ore. j
Dr. F. U. Ransome of the Vnlted States geological survey. Ions recog- THE B1SBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MARCH 17, 1918.
MARCH FORECASTS GIVE UTTLE HOPE
M HIGH PRODUCTION OF COPPER
found were black tourmaline, which
unfortunately wan of no vem value.
What a, pity a slight difference in
color should deprive two poor but
worthy school teachers of a fortune.
However, the fact remains that the
Pinals contain much tourmaline and
very probably Uie pink and green
varieties. Therefore, if you waui
some money you might put in part of
your time prospecting for it.
nized as one of the foremost geologists
of the country and responsible for a
number of publications hy the survey j
which tave bad gTeat bearing upon
the development of metals in Arizona
and other western states, is at pres
ent giving attention to manganese de
posits in Tombstone and this district.
Dr. Ransome during the period he is
allotting to bis study of the metal in
this area is making his headquarters;
in Bi&bee. - It is a notable fact that 1
his rfport upon this district some 20
years aeo was very largely responsi-l
ble for the development of lis great ;
mineral bearing area of the present j
day. At the time the producing and j
proven area of Bisbee was confined to,
a very small part of the Warren dis-
trict, w-hich is now equal to producing i
under normal conditions more thauj
' l'.OOO.OOO pounds of copper the month, j
and it was held by engineers gener-i
ally that the ore ended in the limited
rone then being mined. At an earlier1
period Dr. Ransome had visited j
Tombstone, then at the height of Its!
fame asagreat silver producing dis-'
trict I'pon his return at the present
time be finds the district producing
from the workings of the old silver'
mines, now held by the Kielps Dodge 1
corporation, and from their surface:
more manganese, it is said, than any i
other single district in the country.;
A considerable part of this production
is high grade and goes direct to east-,
ern consumers. The lower grade ex-;
traction is being shipped to Douglas, '
where it is utilized to advantage In
smelting practices. j
Output Lower
Arizonu copper mines, with excep
tion of Inspiration ard The Cliftcn-j
Morenci group, had lower output in i
February than In January. Inspiration j
is picking up steadilv and will con-'
t'nue its csin this nonth. probably
making better fian 7.0(K).0"0 pounds.!
Inspiration bat been the subject of
particular attark by radicals to the
end of retarding its recovery of full!
working forces. Why this is pleasing,
m pro-Germanism is apparent, as is;
also like antagonism to Anaconda in j
Montana.- Inspiration is the largest
single producer of copper in Arizona.
Its equipment is the most modern ana
complete, and in the event of gov
ernment emergency for copper. Inspi
ration, if possessed cf it? full working,
forces, could be raced to proportion
ately higher production above capacity
than any other copper property in
the county. Therefore, pro-German-:
ism's high interest in keeping Inspira-i
tien from getting back to full forces .
of loyal operatives and to maximum
a'-tiivties in metal output. In this'
lieht it is readily understandable why
Inspiration has exercised the greatest ;
are in rebuilding its forces and see-!
ing to it that pro-Germanism is kept
out cf its mines and plants to the
fullest possible extent. Toe attitude,
thus taken has been in line with that .
of the government. j
Speed Uo Production
After Inspiration comes the Warren'
district in point of pro-German in'er-;
est in Arizona, the His bee mines beinr.
next larsest in point of possible pro-,
duct ton of metal and in excellence oi
equipment thpt will permit speeding'
above Tated rapactly under favoring;
condifions. Although several elements;
of the latter have been lacking, tne;
Bisbee mines have been speed'ng fur!
several' months, a fact that lias irn-j
tated pro-German agents and symps-;
thizers in nearly as great degree
their failure to be able to mix tUeir,
workers among Inspiration forces.
Recent retaliation has been in pa-i j
in renewal of charge? of discrimins-;
ticn against operators in the Glob?-1
Miami and the Warren districts and in:
the circulating of rumors e" pending'
strikes. Thee latter rumors are be-j
ing circulated in all mininrr districts'
through pro-German influences, and,
are intended to cause conservative. ;
trouble avo'-'iug miners to !tav(' the,
state. Oulide of the etate Oy are;
h(nK circulated for the purpose of de-;
terring miners from coming tJ Art-;
zona. Thus far littel .ias been accom-j
rli?he! through these rumors in point
of interfering with working forces, ana!
no'hing at in the way of encouraging;
strikes. Miners understand the game
and are opposed to it and to strikes,
fcr any cause this year.
Copper Held Up !
Km bargees are holding considerable,
copper bullion in smelter yards in t)f
siate. the carrying expense of wliicn
no small item. Meantime the east-l
rrn rellnories are not making sum-'
dent output-cf the metal to' supply
she demands of the trade, and will.
rnx be under the best of likely condi-:
';otis for several months to come. Ex-'
ept on government contracts, consutu-,
ts are going short of copper and have'
Keen for several months. The fact
is begining t oshow in the inability
r.r wholesalers and retailers of fin-j
ihed copper products to supply their.
investors. It is permanent disposition i
of assets without return to the own-j
ers. I
The smelters in doing their part!
toward trying to keep the small pro-j
ducers going have cut themselves to.'
a very narrow margin. Most of the
concessions would nto be possible ex-'
cept that the metallurgists have Seen
working at hi-h pressure to meet aris
ing emergencies. Due to their efforts
the emelters are at this time enabled !
to make wider offers of service than i
in the past. Tbey are equal - to 1
handling a greater diversity of mate-
rials than ever before and are doing:
their utmost to keep production upj
for the government and in aid of the i
ere producers but th?re is no hope!
that they .can accomplish all that is1
necessary in either instance without
the aid of a higher metal price.
PIMA
S MAN IK
TEXAS BOOSTS STATE
Oatman District
Opens Rich Orel
(Continued from Page One)
expected to exceed $200,000. a net
profit of about $1,200,000 was realized
from the first year's operations. Of
this amount. $477,000 was paid bacx
in dividends; nearly 400.000 was
used to pay off indebtedness and pro
vide a lar?e surplus stock of mate
rials and supplies, and a balance ot
over $300,000 liquid assets was shown
as of January I, It is a notable fact
that the ore reservse of the company
above the 6C5-foot level are now prac
tically as great as the estinated re
serves prior to beginning mining op
erations over one year - ago, as the
ore body proved to be wider and long
er than originally believed. After
mining 5.000 tons of ere there is ap
parentlv as much left as before.
Officers Are Elected
T'te following directors were unan
imously elected: Philip Wiseman. D.
C. Jarkling. Frank A. Keith. Seeley
V.. Mudd. George W. Long, John U
Mclver, W. K. Ridenour, C. M. Warm
bath, C. H. Palmer Jr.. It. C. Now
land and R. CI. Nowland and K. I.
Rogers. Three of these directors are
now in military cr war service. D. j.
Jarkling being in charge of manufac
turing explosives; Mr. Mirdd a vajor
of engineers, and C. IT. Palmer Jr., a
lieutenant in the officers' reserve.
The directors re-elected the old ot
Pcera Philip Wiseman, president;
George W. Long and Frank A. Keitn,
vice presidents; R. I. Rogers, treasur
er, and Wallace Keith, secretay, with
J. A. Burgess as general superinten
dent. The regular dividend of 5 cents a
share was declared, payable Marcn
26. to stockholders of record March 12.
Wliiie development on the new
eirhth level of the United Eastern is
rrcgiessing to the complete satisfac
tion of, the management, they have not
rea:h a conclusive point, so that no
del sited reiort can be made at pres
ent, though pitch a report will Jh?
made to the stockholders later.
fS-clul to The Review!
EL PASO. Tex.. March 16. "Min
ing conditions in the Tucson district
are first class." said E. L. Vail, promi
nent mining man of Tucson, who ar
rived la the city the first of the- week
for a visit with Charles De Groff of
this city.
"Many small properties have beeu
bonded in the past few months, and
the larger companies are employing
increased forces of men" Mr. Van
said. "Mining operations in the Twin
Buttes: district southwest of Tucson
have nevjer been more prosperous, and
development work in the district soutn,
west of Tucson is most promising.
Not only are copper properties being
sought after, -but there s. interest ."n
other metals in the Tucson district.
Frank and Warren Allison, Tucsoo
mining men, have recently bonded
their gold property in the vicinity oi
the Baboquivari mountains to Mou
t ana pa it iee, w ho expected to develops
the mine."
Mr. Vail himself is interested in a
molybdenum property near the Em
pire ranch, southeait of Tucton. The:
company is shipping to the Arizona
Rare Metals company of Tucson,
which produces a large share of the
metal in the United States.
"Business conditions in Tucson are
very prosperous at present," Mr. Van
stated. "There is not a vacant house
in the town and it is very hard for
people coining in to secure accommo
dations. The Santa Rita hotel is oe
ing enlarged by Manager Louie Iaegc
on a generous scale to take care oi
:be big transient business.
"Tucson and Pina county have con
tributed heavily to the army nd navr
and it is estimated that at least $00
young men have left to Join the colon..
Of the Tucson Elks lodge 55 members
have left for service."
181
You've Been Earning
For Years?
Has it cost you every dollar of it to live?
These are pertinent questions, but the man who
answer than honestly Jo himself will feel the time
has come to etart a Savings Account with this bank,
save for the future and get 4 per cent Interest.
Thcak it Over!
CITI2ENS BANK & TRUST COMPANY
Main Street Bisbee, Arizona
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
AND HIGH CLASS CAFE
The best of everything at reasonable a la carte price.
A Special 60c luncheon daily. Also $1.00 dinner from
5 : 30 to 7 : 30 p. m. Recru!ar Board by the month. $4U;
$10 by the wi-ek. I
Henry Poppen, Manager.
Do Yoii Know the Best Meals in Bisbee?
Try our S;ocial Merchants Lunch at noon. "orty cents is the
total cost and it includes soup, bread and butter, relish, meat order,
vegetable, coffee and dessert.
$500 TICKET, $4.75 CASH. Short Orders a Specialty
MERCHANTS' LUNCH
MAIN ST.
BISBEE.
Historic Camp
May Live Again
Continued fi-om Page One)
whose report the property was pur
chased. He has been connected with
some cf the largest mining companies
in Mexico and Arizona for many years.
Fcr nearly a year he has been en
gaped in special work by Mr. Reiniger.
J. C. C. Cmger will succeed H. t.
Chamberlain as accountant and chier
clerk of the .Reiniger operations.
Chamberlain is en route to Washing
ton to enter the federal trade commis
sion work.
Cruder was secretary for Charles
Pisel. general manager of The Mines
Company of America and forwarfiins
agent for the Dolores property. Hte
held the same post with- L. U Long
of the Madera Company Ltd., and was
purchasing agent- of the same com
pany. He was connected with the S.
Pearson & Son, Ltd., interests in
Mexii o.
During the Pershing invasion or
Mexico he acte4 as interpreter ror
General Perilling. He comes' to the
Reiniger operation from the Shannon
Copper company, where he had beeu
secretary or John Benine, genera:
mortager.
SILVER KING SACKS
HIGH GRADE COPPER
(Siwoial to The Review
SUPERIOR. Aril. March 16.-Good
progress has been made during the
"t few weeks at the Silver King.
The shaft has been unwatered to
about the 350-foot level and r.as been
timbered down to the 325-foot level,
'vr.erp extensive development work is
in progress.
Good shipping ore is being taken
from both the 125 foot and .the 250
foot levels. There is aprroximateiy
two carloads of ore on the surface
and sacked ready for shipment. .There
is 'plenty of shipping ore in sight ina
great quantises of milling c k. The
management has hopes of taking out
'arse quantities of high grade from
between the 250 and 450-foot levels.
Th la'e Maior Doran about three
months before his death advised Presi
dent Hillebrand that Ubere was
plenty of high grade silver around
he 400-fcot level and predicted that
thfre was more ore in the mine than
had ever been taken out.
A few days ago smelter certificates
were found in the mine offices shov
!ng that a few months before the
mine clcsed returns running as h'ch
ar. 511,000 to the carload were being
received by the company. In the
short time elapsing between Uie date
cf these returns and the closing of
'he mine it would have been impos
sible to have worked out the high
trade ore. which Major Doran report
ed as being in evidence during his
conduct of the mine. .
Among the more prominent v'si-
ors to the Property 's week were
Alexander ' Downe. former gererai
manager: Fritz Steger and G. C. Tay
lcr cf Crystal City, Mo., who are
heavily interested in Silver King.
They were shown through the under
ground workings, and the ore bodies
in sight were a revelation to them.
The Missouri gentlemen are satisfied
that the mine is bigger and better
than ever and that it will write new
and interesting historv. Mr. Downe
was well pleased with the showing;
His" faith, however, in the property
ha3" never been disturbed, nor has his
confidence been shaken. The revela
tions are the prediction of Mr. Downe
of a few months ago.
WEKOME
The small depositor of today may be
the large depositor of tomorrow.
Mary of our best customers started
small and today "xa'ry large balances.
We velcomc sms'l depoci tors 'who de
sire to ptow with a Growing Bank.
; BANK WITH US.
wc,''
P o
ONE 818
We will CALL and get your shoes that need repair
ing and DELIVER them to you.
Our delivery service will take in Bisbee, Lowell, Don
Luis, Naco and all suburbs between Bisbee and Naco.
Our Motto is SERVICE.
Goodyear Shoe Shop
Phone 813.
Allen Block
Bisbee Decorating Co.
General Painting, Paper Hanging, Tinting and
Signs. Perfect Results. Moderate Prices.
HUGHES BLOCK, OPPOSITE Y. W.. G A.
P. O. Box 1531 Fhone 739
Ife W-fc BPS Wr w Bt
g I J
fa
fa jl Look for the Emblem
Fi Tag- it is your guar
Jj5 antee oi Mjt er Service
fa
fa
faster kmtsmg
: 3
jJET ns do your Easter fa
C cleansing early; we an- fa
ticipate a bigger rush this 13
vear than ever before. Avoid fa
disappointment by having
this work done now; just
telephone.
RTCRtrr nvr Awn
?PTM CLEANING
israH WORKS.
HTrdri' PHONE 298.
make reparation in t-'.e amount ad
judged overcharged in a finding in
which it was stated he charges -were
ilesal. The' shipments were of mine
supplies iu carload bojs.
JEROME VERDE OPENS
BIG FLOW OF WATER
IfFSfa Short
.
TOURMALINE FOUND
. IN GLOBE DISTRICT
trades. One of the hard hit divisions:
!s that of motors. k (Sixm ihI to Th rview
An nu!lx;-itv on smelting matters; GLOBE. March 16. "The Papoose,
pive i as Ills opinion that if all the j the organ of the Globe school pupils,
'opper now nu hand at smelting plants prints the following:
rTii in lr?nU were hnmediatelv avail-- Messrs. Vi kery and Scott recently
.-ble on the mrket in finished form 'made an expedition into the Russcl
" wruH not fill t':e orders which are Gulch country in search of mineral
stnadins in the market. This is aside 'specimens. Their search was not
r m i (moderation of a governmeat 1 fruitless, for they hrought back with
order said to be pending and reported i them some unusually large tourma
o call fcr the lamest copper deliver- line, which are now on display in the
if it has yet authorized. mineral cabinet.
All Ari7on smelters have suffered! Tourmaline is the alternate birth
material decrease in custom ore re-Istcne for October and the green va-celpts.-as
well as decrease in ship- rkty is perhaps the best known. In
ments from their large producing ; the last ten years a large cave bor--lines.
the lat'er falling off mainly jdered by pink and green tourmaline
because of their restriction bv the i crystals was discovered near Pala.
present metal price to their higher San Dieco. Cal., and it is from this
rr f res The same reason applies locality that most of the tourmaiine
to the smaller producers, with the nd- gfnis come. Crystals from one to
iiinnal fact that tiie'r lark of faci.lt-; three feet in length are not uncom
!ies in a n'in'bT of Instance, rnitp'ed 'mm. The pink tourmaline is dis
ti1' biah costs, make it impossible played in jewelers' windows under
for Jhrm to min even their high "he name of ruh'!ite and commands
rrsdr. Seme cf thec cperators have as much as $25 a karct.
' -p helped ot;t by the smelters: some The lecal tourmaline hunters found
i' is impoasiLlp to help. Some of thiwe n-any crysta's six or eight inches
1'Mped are cpt-rating without margrn Ion v. One such :rystal weighs about
f profit, and cannot contin-ie that way 20fiii krs. At $25 per karat it is
indefinitely. Fvery jmtind of copper worth J".ni0 ror an eicht-incli crys
firy so prod 'ice Is iust that much tal. But wait h minute, the fact was
monev taken from tUe'twx kets of their m-t ;i;e:it cnd that the specimens
H, KENYON BURGH TO
BUILD GIBSON MILL
fSK- liil to Th Rovli w
GIOBK. Mar h 15. With H. Ken
yon Biireh. engineer, whose works in
this district are loo well known to
require further comment, in charge of
the plans the Gibson Consolidated
Copper company is making active
preparations for the construction of its
new mill. The plant will be of the
most modern type and will greatly fa
cilitate the development of the Gih-o.i
mine, which is rapidlv becoming oPr
of the most important of the smaller
producers. Mining men predict a
great future for the property.
Manacer F. F. Towle has been ac
tively engaged in road work and ot'ier
surface imnrovement?. well as push
ing underground development. The
mine is now shipping from 2"'i tons oi
high grade ore each mpnth.
PlK-cial to Tlnj Review)
JEROME, March 16. So much
water has been encountered In the
northeast drift from the 105"-foot level
of the Jerome Verde's Columb'a shaft
ihat U is now the wettest port of the
whole mine and operations are tem
porarily suspended there.
A young river is pouting from ca'.h
of the holes last drilled there.
The Cow from the northeast drift
alone is 100 gallons a minute. This.
with the water from the - southwest
'rift end "!hcr wrEhigs. i.s enougn
to drown the 150-gallcn electrf" pump
at the 1050 station, so the baler ;s
working three'slvfts.
If possible- the holes in the f?re
will be plugged, and then t";e south
west drift will be . bulkheaded off.
W.'ien Ibis Is done the pump will be
abK to lake care cf the flow and the
northeast drift will o pushed ahead
w h all possible sped.
The face of the drift is now nltnost
under the old graveyard, end in very
nromisinir territorv. Jurtz norfhvrv
a.nd schist are the formatioi.s show- 1
in In rhu fuiA an.l . tliav 1 k i T li I -.. r r V 1 .L
a great d-al of mineralization, chielly
ircn. , (
...-Quarts porrhyry i the formation
ih the sour.'iwHRt .dritt. It also looks
rc?d. but the showin? is not regarded
as beiir.; af- prrmisinp as the one in
the ether direction.
J.
REVIEW
BRING
WANT ADS
RESULTS.
tNITEO VERDE WINS SUIT
WASHINGTON. March 16. . Knl
Invln hearing hofore the Interstate
commerce commission, the Cnitert
Verde Copper eeinoany of jeroine.
Aril., has been awarder' a vr-Ji't
oeoinFt the Pennsylvania Railroart
company on shipments from Youngs
town. O., to Clarksdate. Ariz.
The rii'lroad has bepn ordered to
COLLINS &
BRETHERTON
. We Specialize In ,
JEROME
AND
OATMAN
STOCKS
Jack Bidg.
Phone 26
lUin Slreet
Box 1129
lime
Only
T1- T? A IT J J
i ne Ei. cawaras
OIL and REFINING Stock
Is Now Offered at
J
1c Per
tiare
The E. A. Edwards Oil & Refining Stock has just
scored a big advance. We offered this stock to you
for the past few weeks at Yic per share, and the an
nouncement was made that on March 1 2th the stock
would be advanced to I c per share.
The opportunity to buy E. A. EDWARDS OIL &
REFINING STOCK AT Ic PER SHARE IS FOR A
SHORT TIME ONLY.
The Next Advance Will Come Unexpectedly
The demand in Arizona for the Edwards stock has been very strong, due to the
personnel of the company and the plans to drill for oil in the Chino Valley Oil
Fields and in the Muddy Creek District of Wyoming, where millions have been made
in oil investments.
Last week the people in Jerom, which lies at the very door of Chino Valley,
placed orders for hundreds of thousands of shares.
This interest displayed by Jerome people means but one thing that they have
the utmost confidence in the judgment of Dr. E. A. Edwards and in the future of
the Chino Valley.
1 he E. A. Edwards Oil &. Refining Company is Dr. Edwards own company.
He banks his reputation that oil will be struck in the Chino Valley Oil Fields.
Dr. Edwards is securing valuable property in the Muddy Creek Field, and is now
in that district arranging the details for the Edwards Company.
1 he company plans to drill in two fields Wyoming, a proven field, and Chino
Valley, a field that has been passed on by many eminent oil geologists and experts.
Don't let this opportunity slip away from you. Millions have been made in oil
investments.
E. A. Edward
Oil & Refining Co.
E. A.
Box 7!4. Pr . c-ix.
Arizona.
EDWARDS OIL & REFINING COMPANY,
Box 744, Phoenix, Arizona.
I hiTi-h- ma - application for and HKrce to purchase '.
-mm f t ru iiai stu; k of (he K. A. Edwurds Oil & Refining Co.
I per stw.ro.
i"' losivl tine! f iu payment fur 'uie.
11". on i.i:c ( crU.Vaie in my name.
I V
Bisbee office Gro. l.Stren.ichf
M.maqcr. -"5 Main St.. oopo3ite
Masonic Temple.
Ad.lriio .
Lowell office O'Malley'
Estate office.
R3l
(BR.) THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MARCH 17, 1918.
THREE
News of Social Circles
FASHION. HINT
A
A delightful musical wa Riven ai'W. gives an acconntins as follows:
the high school March 11 by Miss Inez Total ccntr-butions since the orgaa
Rc Vinson (contralio) and Miss Male Nation of the committee, $o40.tS; dis-
Johnson (soprano), who were In Eis-Lursements. express paid cn shipping
bee from the Polytechnic htgh school of clci"ing, shoe and bandages, gross
of Los Angeles. They are making - we:g::t 1:547 pounds, $140.14; printing,
tour cf Arizona for no known reason s:p im-rv tur'";i:v 'mr f.-pmel. rmn'.'n
oier than to give people a treat or : ;n J ran re to be made Into clothing
sing their way into their hearts. Th9.. -srd bandages by local committee,
ar? chaperoned . by J. E Robertson, 1 JS4.76; purchased stockings, Jianker
Misss Mate Robertson's father, who ! chiefs and other merchandise for ref
a singer himself. Miss Robinson ana ugees, $44.40; remitted to France for
Miss Johnson both sang solos; then ; support of ambulance In Red Cross
Miss Robertson and father sang a service, $73: balance on hand March
duet. The recital was held from 19, 191S, $103.25.
to 3.
Miss Anna Mae Warren, daughter
of I. S. Warren, was admitted to the
Polytechnic high school In Los An
gles from 35 applicants without an
examination on her own merits and
the recommendation cf the Bisbee
high school. It Is very difficult to be
admitted to this school, and Miss
Warren must show marked ability or
It would te impossible to enter. She
expects to make a tour of Arizona
with Miss Robinson and Miss Johnson
very soon.
Sc JS 8?
The new Steinway Grand piano ar-
fs j
The Ladies' Aid ot the Methodist!
i church made and delivered 25 new i
hand-made comforts, made from pieces j
or outing from the committee worx-i
rooms for the French children. Misses
Perry and Albrteht's pupils have de
livered seven comforts, all of which
are to be delivered very soon to Uie
Aisne district in France.
' ' j g g
Mrs. M. E. M. Frantzen on behalf oi
all committees of the A. F. F. V.
j wishes to heartily thnk them Tor
their co-operation in this and for their
I wonderfully knitted comforts. Mrs.
rived for the high school March 13. John Chain delivered 300 compresses
.It was ordered through Mr. Reynolds, w-hich the Lincoln high school corn
Last year two entertainments were(mittee made. These are to be shlp
given to raise money towards this ln-,ped to the firing line for use in first
strument. One of them will be well; aid In the trenches,
remembered, the Hubbard-Gothelft i Mme. Sarah Bernhardt has sent an
operalogue from "Lohengrin." Andjsnpeal to Mrs. Frantzen and women
15 boys did a great deal by a play of Arizona to aid her dear people in
thev gave at the high school. So much contributing simple crotched shawls
mcney was raised in these sort or of dark colors. She makes this re
thinrs that the school board very ouest through the American fund for
kindly donated the balance. So no French wounded, through whom thes.
the hieh school is the proud possessor shawls are to be sent to national
rf a beautiful new piano. It will be headquraters. where they will be
ormi'lly dedicated in the near future shipped to those in dire need In the '
by mupians who will be here. It is devastated district. j
to te made a regular festival of music. ' I
S S tS Surgical dreseine classes, including j
F. V. Hicks and Mrs. Henry "isnee, arren ana Loweu. maae it4 department;
rope haven't thought of such a thing moderation lends a glossy. smootn;at 11 a. m.. and in Don Luis at 7:30 feti to Cor. No. 4. the N. E. Cor.,
I after three years of war. Why should look. p. m.. Sunday, March 17. , thence S. 11 02' W. 6no feet to Cor.
W, when we have not fell any dimin-, A sun hath Is the best thing ir ; No. 1, the place of the beginning ron-
ish of the hern of plenty as ye. T- i aginable frr the scalp. Let your hair: Christian Science t.ilning a net area of 11.47! acres ei-
put a man in uniform Immediately down some day and sit in the sunshtnui The Christian Science society of pressiy excluding area in conflict with
adds aisunction; to place a woman In for an hour and insf see iov inn- i i i IMsbee holds services in the Woman' Survey No. 3158. Kolla lod of 7.511
uniform takes all her individuality hc!p. It air the scalp nnd makes j club buildins Sundav at 11:15 a. m. af ivs, and with Survey No. 3374. Hock-
away, ucudnt It be irksome to see the ha'r fluffy. What women ca- ' Wednesday evening testimony meet- l.ir.d lc le of 1.6U acres
. all the women dresced Ju alike.' "roughing" the hair is very harmful, i mr at 7:45.
Especially for men who when home and in time will give the hair a deac. The public Is invited to attend.
I cn ruriousn un to leave war with Its ugly Iook. . Sv.r.ject for
' grimness behind and every suggestion Every one knows that the reason ' "Substance."
!cf i uiformity. So let's spare them men are bald I? because they wear;
tve iranlty rf seeking n? as mucii their hats constantly. If women womd ! Methodist Episcopal
alike as peas., .go Dareneaaea more it wouia be veryi Morning worship, 11
! Oriental Nefligees beneficial to the hair. So It musv Father's Will."
! A hint more than a hint of the have some effect upon, us as prims- Evening worship, 7:30. Topic, "Our
fa- ca: la shedding its Influence over ive woman is always pictured wun Father's Giving.
HI 113EE "Beg nniiig at Cor. No. 1,
Sunday, March, 17,
siP3!a noun cf the diy. Pajama trous- her tresses sweeping the ground ana! Sunday school. 9:45.
i f Sec. 18. T. 23 S.. K. 25 E.. O. & S.
n U. & M brs. S. G4 2 V R i43.4 ft.,
thence N. 77 57' W. 148 feet to Cor.
No 2. the S. W. Cor., thence N. 11
Topic. "Our 0?' E. 600 feet to Cor. No. 2, the N. V.
Cor., thence S. 77 57' E. 14jS feet to
Cur. No. 4. the N. E. Cor., thence S. 11
02 W. GOO feet to Cor. No. 1. the
piace oi me Deginning, containing a
ers or? tightened at tr-? ankle w!th a wrapping her body like a veil. We. Young People's union meeting, 8:30. n't rea of 20.635 acres.
CHAS. W. HARSH. MAN, Pastor.
la
profusion of ribbon; another coat ana, have certainly departed from type In
trousers or contrasting shades, but that respect.
. . . . ' - , , . ... ,7 warren Piicr.cr of Douglas, was
Willi llglll uiue iroucers IS Very prut- nan uwur rBt.ii uuiu
. , . ... . . . n V. n 1 ..... r V. a
ly ana uiupreni ivoKing. a cnarmmu iu nic iumr-r i unn buu ;hd
te gov.n of soft rose crepe de chine foon will show results, with a gooa
massage or tne scalp to provoke cir
culation. Nothing detracts so mucnj NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR U
from a woman's appearance as stringy, j S. PATENT
mineral ourvey no. Juno.
ItED ROCK "Beginning at Cor. No.
1 thf S. E. Cor., thence N. 79" 53' W.
14C90 feet to Cor. No. 2. the S. W.
with a cascade of cream colored lace
falling in a graceful train from the
shoulders. The sieves fall back to
the shoulders when the arm is raised,,
so loose are they. Touches of blade'
velvet ribbon bows are placed at va
ious points on the fhoulders at the
front and back cf the gown and little
bows half hidden in -the lace of the
train. Every woman rhould have a
hair and very l-H ' ' tr Cor. No. 3. the N. W. Cor., thence S.
.7 57 E. 1496.70 feet to Cor. No. 4,
the N. E. Cor., thence S. 24 32 E.
"U5.30 feet to Cor. No. 1, the place of
the beginning, a net area of 7.504
acies, expressly excluding area in con
flict with Survey No. 3137 Jack Pot
No. 3.
CARBONATE "Beginning at Cor.
No. 1. the N. E. Cor., whence the W 4
E.. G. &
E. 717.3
It make3 her look un-l
nnlrfkmnt hair
' C. S. Land Office. Phoenix. Aril.
clothing may be. In the city, where , M"rch o. 1918.
one mav have jeeess to a hairdresser NOTIC E IS HEREBY GIVEN that
whpnovor it is nccesssrv. the nroblem '. tnc Bisbee Warren Copper Company,
is soon solved, but where that lsnVa corporation organizea ana easting Cor. of Sec. 18. T. 23 S.. R. 23
possible it is within every one's power iuc laws ui iai siaie oi Arizona, a K. B. M. brs. S. 59 54
' pretty tea gown, for never does she
to have nice looking hair with just a!!1!1 its principal office at the city of feet, thence S. 2- 24' W. 14S5.50 feet
appear more graceful or to better aa- little care. Then the thought of the ; ""'". "T pres.ueni nu secretary, to cor. .No. 2. the S. E. Cor., thence N.
; vantare than when she presides at the becoming arrangement of It Is the ;'?-"" ' ulno"?ela f reslu- 'J W. 532.30 feet to Cor. No. 3.
i tea table. next question. But first a foundation i f Jtf Board of Directors, has the S. W. Cor., thence N. 0 52 E. 600
t Thank goodness, we may still have of healthy, well nurtured hair must l.1;, ,appllc?tlon f?r,a pa,te,nt fnr the to Cor- N"- thence S. 73 09 E.
jisugar and little cakes, for In France be obtained to make even the 'mo., !YI.dn,0,WCr lod" m!ni", claim, altnat- 27.3f. feet to Cor. No. 5. thence N. 13
thevtake sugarless and utterly cake- elaborate dressing attractive. .f,d 1VX8,rr?n District. Cochise 47 E. 597.80 feet to Cor. No. 6. thence
. fa hilt rpfrMhtnp nctvorf hlj
ir F V Hicks and Mrs. Honrs ri-r. rreu sno ui, miiue sosi oepanmeni airs, ueraia bnerman.
Pior e frave a surprise shower Marcu dressings in 11 days, attendance on the house; Mrs. T. L. Houston, cafetera;
5 for Miss Ruth -Wade at the home or average cf seven per day. Nov.", we Mrs. L. T. Butler, finance.
Mrs. Henry Pierce, Quality Hill. The 0!,n do better than that, and we are I .
house was r.rettilv decorated in pii.k soing to have a splendid fathering j There will be a vesper service with
- .? .... -n.- i. rA Pvpi-V crv rext weeV. nnt for th iw anpial trnoi. t tha v W f a e,.i-
leans, very kpprcpriate for the bride- -"n "cf patriotism alone, but to outdo.day afternoon from 4:30 tiil 5:30. Thei?"d trimmings from old dresses new
to he. C herrv blrsoms were artist!-' Tombstone, who is 15 days made 6000 1 program is as follows? i,a.eas ?re "e lu urun
cally arranged, a reminder of spring., -h an attendance of not over six a Devotional exercises Mrs. Coltou,jf av8ra ha'.t? damPne "
oh dav. It is such nleasant work that it nmvr blocked to suit the face while It M
i.'C'ii'.' leu ciiuicttiA vtcit ri itw. . - - - r j
.with every one looking their best
Remodeling Hats
With all the dyes gone. It Is a more
j difficult problem to make old things
look l:ke new. That hats are more
and more expensive, we need) to
scheme and plan for economy. A very
good black stain can be had hat wtn
answer the purpose of coloring. Put
It on thickly with a brush. After tn?
first coat dry s add another until a
good black Is obtained.
The crown Is the most complicated
Dart to rhanee. but It can be done superintendent
with a little patience. Trimming can Endeavor society,
be used effectively to disguise a last
year's mode). With scraps of velvet
The Churches
uiuuy, oiaiB vi Arizuna, in oecuon 19 IV 73- 09' W. 40 feet to Oor No 7
j Township 23. South. Range 25 East, th-nce N. 24 32' W. 345 30 feet to'
G. S. R. B. & M., which claim is de Cor. No. 8. the N. W. Cor thence S
scribed as follow, to-wit: 77 57' E. 600 feet to Cor. No 1 the
Beginning t Cor. No. 1. the W. U pl"ce of the beginning, net area of
-or. of Sec. 18. T. 23 S.. R. 25 E., O. & 9.691 acres, expressly excluding area
tS. K. B. & M brs. N. 88 15' W. 1651 In conflict with Sulphide lode of this
jft.. thence S. 88 55' E. 443.5 feet to survey of 1.532 acres and with Survev
j Cor No. 2. thence N. 2 24' E. 102.3 ; No S390 Nancy Hanks lode of 5.744
iepi 10 i-or. ro. , mence s. 1.1- r. acres.
solo, J. W. Money, physical director ot ; "'" c- "r-
the Y. M. C. A.; solo. J. A. Rancourt. j ' "',1. the S. E. Cor whence the W.
musical itlrctor " "-" - mcam 11. w
Bible school.
First Presbyterian
, Preaching and communion, 11 a. m.
Subject, "The Shepherd's Psalm
cLLrtiiue; Beginning at Cor. No.
the S. E. Cor whence the W. 11
Cor. of Sec. IS. T. 23 S.. R. 25 E.. G. &
10 a. m, u r. Fnjr
...v .,n Cor. No. 1. the place of the beginning. Tr "i-ll0 .f
You are cordially invited to attenu !coJlt.ain,ing ,net are ot "C"8- , ;2 24 ' E. 300 feet to Cor. No. 3. thence
w!t every one knitting for sailors doesn't seem to, be rightly nameu Solo Mrs. Harshman and Mrs. Gil-
wcrk. It is almoft play, but a feelln bert Maston.
cf good will seems, to pervade
n-h'!e so engaged.
? !?
The suriti-al dresin?
one! Talk "Why We Should Study the I
Uible, Mrs.. Gage.
I Music High School Glee club,
class at tliei Piano solo Miss McConoughbv
pnd soldier.v It was very enjoyable.
Those present were: Misses Olga Knd
nieyer. Mi'bel Brisley, Nelson, GutT
r;e. Desmond, Bower, Jud?on, Jean
Boyd. Florence Watkins. Lu'.'Hie V'Vt-
1; i p Grace Persons, Lowe, McCall
Crog. Core, Ann Beler,
S anu-cr, Vickcl. Whittig,
Tct-ive: Meda:nes Whittig, McLen
non. DT:l;'.p, Bergnuist. Coffman.
Rrari'.n. Moore. Tonkin.
is a a
The Woman's league met at tlie
Presbyterian church on Wednesday.
March 13. The officers for next yer
vtre e!e?tcd as follows: President,
Mrs. Richard Thomas; secretary, Mrs.
P. L. Houston; treasurer. Mrs. Hasn-inr-r;
m'srionary chairman. Mrs. A.
Sir!air; house chairman. Mrs. John
Olc-rr social chairman, Mrs. C. H. : T JIT Hf A 7 J. f:ct To ccme and get acquainted.
A Swinish Rtlldv rlaaa Is holnv ar.
Still
this
these services.
W. S. DEATHEItAGE, Pastor.
wet
year.
As roses are very popular a class for you.
a rather dilapidated shape
First Baptist
Sunday school, 9:45 a. m. We have
V, onn s club on Friday had a large The services from week to week are
Ti fitton'l!1iro Tlincn nrMflnl 9 111 aa fnl- ' ,A KA .1 .. ... 1
Wade, 'ws: Mesdmes C V. Plelsoo. Harrr Jfrom the different churches beginning ance of neadgear realty.
Keeso. A. K. Fnedef. c-arl TrisCka. today with the ladles from the Meta
Ar'hur Wright. M. E. Gage. Ivan Pur-odist church. Every woman and gin.
pes-., France Cummings. Sam Frank-1 whether a member of the association
enberr. D. H. Land'e. T. L Houston, or not. are ccrdiallv invited to these
it a t i i it tt f . if r
l ruaru narneu .11 . 1 1 . alanine. Iv. i.
CfDVfr. s. M Kyle. V. M. Johiison.
Een Frankeiberg. M. C. Hieh, C. C.
: Mitchell A. B. Richardson: Miss Bir-
.ler and five girls from Miss Reilys
scicol. One thousand compresses were
; nfr.de, which is good work.
meetings. Come and bring a friend.
Morning service, 11 o'clock. Theme
can be covered with a mass of roses. , "Regenration."
Nothing could be more artistic. Little, Junior B. V. P. U 6:45 p. m.
alterations such as facing, turning np, Young People's union meeting. 6:30
the brim at a decided angle In the p. m. at the Methodist church. Sub
back or placing a pretty flower be- ject. "The Art of Living With Oth
neath the brim changes the appear- ers." ,
i Evening service, 7:30. Theme, "The
Collars nad Cuffs 4 Power of an Endless Life."
Collars and cufTs of dainty white Prayer meeting, Wednesday even
batiste, embroidered In tiny violets. Ing 7:45.
look very fresh on a tailored suit. An- A hearty welcome awaits you at
other set of white organdie, with pins, this homelike church.
me location nouce oi mis Claim is v li n9 r iha t -. - .
recorded In the County Recorder's of-' the N Cor thence S 77'' 57- v
fonh,.Se ZXTZi I1"1' ,f tr' K Cor 'NoJs thence S. 86?- 3
a follows: Book 57 Record of Mines. E 83s feet t0 Cof No 6 the N R
at page 4J1. ,Cnr thanx. Q 9A' w c.-o q, t ,
Sur. No. 20fiJ, Golden Era, No. 1 lode.
East Stir. No. 2062. Little Era lode,
,acjes.
American lode, unsurveved. owned hv ' "-'fT- wui. Beginning at
lAhn Fi,notr.b. c... 1..11 i or No. 1, whence the w.
There will be a membership "at
"(home" at the Y. W. C. A. Wednesday
I afternoon. March 20. An enjoyable
jtiiie is bpng planned by the commit- or heavy white linen starched Is very;
rose blue or lavender over collar, is
just the sort of finishing touch one
would expect for spring. The Buster.
Brown collar used on so many serge ,
frocks, and also on blouses, in satm
H. C. COMPTON. Pastor.
tee in charge and a cordial welcome 'chls looking.
i A-tuui u nuai,f,rj .1 in LUC Ui9-
St. John's Episcopal
Sunday school, 9: 45 a. m.
Mominc prayer and sermon. 11.
Wednesday choir practice, 7 p.
Lenten service.
John Fltinafrirlr Sm.fh Anll W i VT 0- wnence tne VV . i Cor. Of
unsurveved. owned by John Fitzpat-: i v r?? a
r'ck West Colconda IoiIp ?nr fn l& M- n- N- 81 Ea - 1579 Ieet
3390 " oconda lode. Sur. Xo...heiMM s 66. . w 3 feet to
J. L. IRV1N, Register. S", h" f W; cr- enre.
First Taction March 8. 1918. 2 2 464 ,est tovCoI:. J' llLe
I-.st Publication May 17. 1918. W. Cor thence N. 84 46 E.
; J121V.80 feet to Cor. No. 4, the N. E.
NOTICE OF THE APPLICATION OF I thce, S; 2 24' T --
THE BISBEE WARREN COPPER ! '- fatCtor ' "e"ce ,N- 88 w;
COMPANY FOR A UNITED STATES 'tl 'l! Cor No 1. the place of
PATENT 1 beginning, containing a net area of
... , , 4.H94 acres, expressly excluding area
Mineral Survey No. 3389. j conflict with Sulphide lode, this sur-
U. S. Land Office, Phoenix. Ari, . vey of 3.237 acree."
March 4. 1918.
I'otice is hereby lven that the Bi4-
ree-wsrren topper Company, a cor-
Hiirt: memliership thairman. Mrs. Al-
ftrrt &i eetz: Young PeoMe's chair-1
mac. Mrs. S. H. Kyle; relief chair-.
ta?n. J'rs. C C. Mitchell. The next: The educational department, MJ-3
mceiing v. ill be held April 3 at the Dorothy Grerg, chairman. - recenllv
home of Mrs. S. H. Kyle. Iheld a meeting and planned sr.mc
I very interesting work be?1nnin '."
Tlie permanent blind relief fund week. An adult physical culture T-. decided to onpn tho v
l.f.Mv. meeting Monday afternoon at with S'rs J. B. Morley as instnicr.'.r w r a. to army men to be used in
th y. W. C. A. Twenty-five women will meet for organization and 71- - r,oacUy of ' hostess house A
vcreprci.t. Plans were made which ttce , Wednesday March 20. frcrt 10 .llltlnh
are to be put into execution very soon to 11 a. and from 7 to ?"..' - frrmal welcome will be extenOeu
in the line of benefit entertainments We hope that many ladies in thetu.j- . , stationed at the nearet
fr,r this, worthy work. rlrt will avail themsHves. of lljuj' " " w,r
"P'endid opportunity or physical tram-,. . . f ...
, t , r-.r
BEAUTY SECRETS
Friday evening prayer and short ad- jjs.ration organized and existing under
The Hair
The hair should never be neglecteu.
as it has been well said it is woman s
dress, 7:30.'
JACOB M. WHITE. Rector.
rsnsed pnd will beerla work next, Mon-
ov evening at 7:30. with Senor Arlial
- .,r. ah loore wisning to join crownlng ory. In this dry counli7
r'.erse register at once. ,t needs even more attentlon. H ,t ls
too dry an unnatural look follows, or
Presbyterian
Sunday school. 9:45 a. m.
Mrs. Clinton Moon of Tombstone ing.
Canon gave an informal reception at j
her'cme Saturday afternoon in honor j
Te board of directors held their1, ne P "" "
, . T 1 learning to sew along with other ai
the laws of the State of Arizona, with
j its principal office at the city of Bis-.
1 hee. by its president and secretary,
j thereunto duly authorized by resolu
tion of its board of directors, has made
inn.in. .-nhin 11 Cormnn tnni. r-i'i" iCTcion ior patent lor me iouowmg .
"Does Might Make Right" : named lode mining claims, situated injure: North Survey. No. 2413 M.iyflow-
' Voung People's meeting 6 30 p m 'the Warren Mining District of Cochise er. Golden Gate. Juniper and Wedge
Unjon service of Young People s socil TT'L7, ?.tate, ?LAr,ZO,La' a,p,p'ox'raate' L'69' J? 2425-
eties of Bisbee. :ly in Section 13. Township 23 S.. Range lod. South Survey No. 3390. Golcon-
i.t r... 1 iin-nrrueu t una oeciiuii ia. ua. uiiyniim ami iancy n?nKS loues.
Township 23 S., Range 25 E., described , Survey No. 3137, Jack Pot No. 1. and
The location notices cf these claims
are recorded in the County Recorder s
oftice. Cochise County as follows:
Watven Book 53. Page 423.
Bisbee Book 53. Page 426.
I.'ed Rock Book 53. Page 425.
Sulphide Book 53, Page 425.
Copper Wedge Book 53. Page 421.
Carbonate Book 53. Page 422.
ine names 01 tne adjoining claims
i Jack Pot No. 3 lodes. Survev No. 3158.
Of hrr twenties wedding anniversary regular meeting Tuesday afternoon. tlvUi " f
FASHION HINT
to 22 of her friends. :The followng departmental chairmen
e t were appointed by the president. , Mr?
On the 4th of March a shipment or C. W. Allan: Mesdames W. C. Brya
kiifted goods was sent to the Pacific religious; Frances Cummings." mem
divisicn of the Red Cross in San ! bership; Richard Thomas, social -ana
Francitco consisting of 51 mufflers. : social extension; W. P. Sims, Kir's
79 pairs of socks. 21 sweaters and 33 .
pairs of wristlets. To Camp Funstou
wa3 'sent 32 helmets. Which repre-,
sor.ta just two weeks' knitting in thej
Warren district, excluding Jiggerville.
. 1 . . MAn n ,nn LilA , n CTd
ws,h the shipment, but will be reacy
Werip.7dav of this week. All of the 1
ir.i'.ting was extremely satisfactory,
fej'. mere socks are in demand and
mire kr.itter3 are reeded. TJiey wll' :
be made very welcome at the Red 1
CrUs rooms in the Copper Queen j
libr.rv on Tur.rtay and Fri'iay from
30 til 12 mm'rs and from 2 till i,
if nror.s. Tee rzt week frcm Fort
HurcU:;i ar.d Tombrtone a great
amont of knit'ei gr"!l3 has oeen sen:
in. Th's v.ts donated by the members
of their workroom; as they are not as
ye a :hipter.
A list tt names will he given very
son cf al the knitters n the Warren
d:;trict. rhe reguTar sH-mer.t w;:i
bo the las. of next week, and thev ;
would be tlad to have all knitted
goods ready by that time. There is
to be unlimitd wool from now on, and
a great many that haven't been kit
ting are etpeod to get busy now.
A great masr women who neither
knit or few hue been well occupied
along anoil er ju:t as helpful line. It
Is this they !:a ben bringing nice
l!!n-ies and ?f-rvr them so that val-
n.-"bl; time v. ill nt tf taken to go j
home to If.nch and ntnrn. The Jig-,
gerv'ile women esptialiy have donej
tlMs ana u is mueeu ppreciatea
ti S ?S
Frilay night the B H S. Alum! aH
sociation and its frieds enjoyed a!
very dellgMful dance at the hlgu j
school auditorium. Abor 70 couples!
.. r .. A Mil UnA . . . , I
ally raod t!me. Parish' orchestra
supplied the muisc.
'S K
At S. Patrick's hall In the basement
of the Catholic church on Higgins HH1
a very apietiz!nt; dinner will be given
Srrdav fr-im 32 till 2 and from 4 till
6. with muic and entertainment cur
ing the meal. Everythnig has been do-!
nated for thi3 meal, and al! the de:l-; ,
cscleT of the season will be served, This charmint outnr pa several
and the proceeds will go towards pay-j interesting ti-ature The oheckered
ing the debt of the Catholic churcn. ; scarf and pockets and the ?l.vje of
One doilrr will be arked for this Ce- biik lersey. fashioned somwhnt on
the Kussian blouse etfect. are sure to
please, it ir verv likely tc o popu
lar this spring and summer.
1
1 If:-?. I k-&J?&
1 "l;:;ei
displaying garments they have made
all by hand.
on the contrary, oily hair is unattrac
tive. Frequent shampoolnp with bet-
an atrtr tat-Aa lha rtllinoaa la'flv a.
rule. If a tendency to dryness is no' Evening worship. 7:30. Sermon top-!
ticea wit "breaking ends, use Pow-,-. - .1'' as follows
dered orisroot as a dry shampoo. , ,.,n ' ""-""-""-""1 WARREN "Beginning at Cor. No. I Roila lode. Survey No. 3374. Rockland
This is as serious as "y-Wn.-.'-.iiKp.pHn.T! pastor 1. the S. E. Cor. whence the W. 4 loae. West. Survey No. 3374. Rock-
nair, oecause u meaus mat me caip . , Cor. or Sec. IS. T 23 S.. R, 25 E.. G. &
is not in a good, healthy condition or . . S. R. B. & M.. brs. S. 72 42' E. 2425.1
the ducts would be performing their. Regular divine servcies will be conjft thence N 77 57' W 1496 0 feet to
natural function. Brunanune usea in auctea oy nev. a. j. irwin in arTea;Cp No the g w Cor v
11' 02
lnctable dinner.
fir !? '
Tho local -committee of the A. F. F.
For Woman's Eye
The dark days dreary days, dismal
davs are coming to a close, and spring
with all its gladness, its joys and its
effervescence of spirits is at hand.
The cherry blossoms in bloom, the
blrdi warbling, and everywhere the
hop" hat the horrors cf war will soon
be only a memory, for France is look
ing toward America as the Arabs look
toward Mecca. How glad they must
he that hope remained in the Bos of
i Pandora.
; But the gay world of Paris thai
j 'e-ds the wpr'.d in smartness of dress
dr-ssn't loo1: forward to donning frivo
lous frocks as before the shadow ot
1 war ever touched their fair land. But 1
F' as-care said "that In the spring a
voung mar's fancy lightly turns to 1
boughfs of love"; he didn't mention
youn women's fancies, but it is un
derstood that it is clothing, just as a
bird prepns its feathers and sings as
though its little throat will break, so
must women wear bright, beautiful
clothing to show their gladness that
spring is here.
So frocks must be tighter of bad'ee
and narrower of skirt for conservation
purposes, but they look decidedly
charming and youthful. Serge is to
fashion w.hat D'ckens is to literature
jersey isn't far behind it-. It is mac.
t into gowns for all hours of the
"ay plain jerseys in slim silhouettes
for s'reet wear, embroidered Jerseys
far afternoon wear, and silk jerseys
for the dance. The waist line Is
sharply defined cape dresses of serge
and jersey look soldierly. There Is
camouflage suit, too, that is a splendid
ecrnomy. Eton effects and sleeveless
suits are very fmart. Study your pen
sonality nd dregs accordingly. The
leading shades are putty, terra cotta,
ril blue and khaki. Dark blue serge
Is ever at the front in tailored cos
tumes. John D. Rockefeller's home In New
York has been converted Into a Red
Cross .headquarters. Women can be
"en trinpine r,slly along, well dressed,
energeti?, with faces alight and the de
sire to help, and with just a touch of
vanity which Is rather attractive, con
scious that all eyes are admiring aa
they promenade along Peacocks Row
towards the mansion.
It was rumored that women would
wesr uniforms. How absurd and un
necessary, when the women of Eu-
Slltf'S IN WAIt RIGHT UP TO HER
' BEAUTIFUL EYES, THIS PEERESS
filter sj5ife
2':'.' ' . Si ,.. -.48;
K W
E. 609 feet to Cor. No. 3, the
Cor., thence S. 77 57' E. 1496
land lode. Anna lode unsurveved.
owned by R. A. Bretherton and C. M.
HerkeL
J. L. IRVIN. Register.
First Publication March 8. 1913.
Lafct Publication May 17. 1918.
L. J. OVERLOOK, BROKER
Correspondents: Paine, Weber & Co Boston, Duluth, Calumet.
LOGAN A BRYAN, NEW YORK AND CHICAGO.
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK.
i t it ,
ft f
mm.
41
: J
Sill
" -". . . ..v.SSk.
The Body of
Our Paint
is pure white lead. It is mixed with
turpentine or pure linseed oil ac
cording to whether it is to be used
for in or outside work. There ls no
grit in it; no adulterants to make
its manufacture cheaper. Paint ex
perts always' get their supplies
here. Wouldn't it be wise for you
to follow their example.
Bisbee Lumber Company. nc
EMIL MARKS, MGR. LOWELL CAR STOP. PHONE X5,
Viscountess Curzon.
The beautiful Viscountess Curion is ud to her eyes in war work to
use an American e.xptet-nion. us I.ohluii lias become accustomed to doing
since the Canadians and h,animk'!t have taught her how. She is one ot
England's met prominent younger peeresses and her enthusiasm as a wa
charity worker is b-'undlcsj. Shi is a mcmler of the well-known Curxon
Howe family anJ cI.oulJ ,iot Lc confused with the Earl of Cunon'i family.
Authentic Paris Models
EXCLUSIVE FABRICS
The fashions of world famou3 des:gr.cr3 are here for
your choosing. Each model is authentic and offers you
the opportunity to have true style ct a reasonable price.
Suits $35 Up
To Order1
We make up garments from your own materials. Re
modeling and relining.
FRUITMAN'S T ADIES' TAILOR
ashionablc and IMPORTER
Phone 74. Hughes Block, Opposite Central School FOUR
THE B1SBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING MARCH 17, 1918.
NEW
WARREN
DIS
R.1G1
MOTOR
NEW MOTOR DEALER
INVADES DISTRICT
1 a branch here, but was unable to
iso until I completed arrangements
! secure more cars from the factor:
for this territory- When this deal was i
'put through I immediately leased the'
IAITU PI ACCV PI DO buildinS which the branch now occu-j
II tin uLAuUI UA!iO pies and ,n few months I expect to
i build a modern home for our sales-1
j room. j
Another Droeressive aulomohile dt- "Fr short time at least," con
tributing company opened a salesroom eluded Mr. Jackson, "we will be able
to take care of the Warren district t make immediate delivery on Cie
business during the past week when '191 models, but as the factories are
George E. Jackson, proprietor of the far behind in orders it is hard to tell
Southern Arizona Auto company ofiben have another complete
Douglas, established a branch office1 "toe11 of new models."
in Lowell. Ed Plumb, who is. wen "
known to local motorsit. has been; REPUBLIC TIES BOOSTED.
The Western Vulcanizing wo-k3
IU. S. CREATING
MERCHANT SHIPS
AT RAPID RATE
finding, sometimes shore leave. At 9 growing." said Mr. Babbitt yesteruay.
o'clock the recruits turn in. j"It has been quite a while since 1,
The boy j receive better food. It may i ri3ited this section, and every time'
he stated, than they may expect to I ccme business ct;ndi:ions appear to
receive on nnxny of the merchantmen be improving. Speaking of automo
orv which they will serve in later biles, I am positive that America will
years. It is ample and nutritious. Tie face a serious shortage of cars tula
Kocver program is observed by tne year,' as the factories are curtailing.
litis. production in order to handle govern-'
ment contracts. t
HUDSON SUPER-SIXES I , "The ? wa,n,, l buy T
-r-T-i-. i tor car had better place his order in
ATTRACT ATTENTION I the near future, for cars are going to
be scarce and the prices are liable to
be advanced on short notice. '
Scores cf local people and motorists
called at the. sales room of the Dia
ne celebrated the occasion by selling . received another tig shipment of rte-j
three Buicks during the week. ipuoiic tires dunn? me past weeg ana
i, T i - j- the demand has b?en so brisk d urine
plereo month ,h PPrtor. ire
K? nASS-T StaS: -nsidering the -dvtabUlQ ; of order
head, the Cadillac, .the Oldsmobile, the ir second shipment before h fl,t
Chandler Six. Mormon. Stutz ana l,ne month Republic tires aic
Pierce-Arrow are ,11 handled by Mr. ! pining popularity a l over the oo.u.
Jackson, and with such a complex , tor a,way8 c8n be rel,3d cn
line to select from the prospective j
purchaser can always find the partic
ular model he desires.
ed in Quarter Cenhiry.
In addition to maintaining a sales- were instantly killei
room in this district. Mr. Jackson is Texas. 100
now making arrangements to give lo-.late this afternoon
cal purchasers real service on then t lain hit the
Turns Our in Pr TKrAA Yr
caneo at tne. salesroom of the Bis- NEW TIRE MiUSE OPENS.
a "TP U j. . Dee auio company during the past
IViOre 1 nan OlCinarJy Wfrft t0 see the 1918 Hudson models.' R- . Hyde and A. C. Prack. both!
ytr ij j t r 1 -which are now on displav. Manager experienced tir- men. opened a new i
WOUia nave oeen LteVCIop- j j Bowen an,i uis salesmen were! automobile tire and accessory serv-j
kept busy all week demonstrating the : " station during the past week in!
new cars, and a short ride in one of ths building adjacent to the- Borderl-1
the Suner-SlTea la simnot onnns-h to : and earae in Johnson addition. The
' ; change a prospect into a purchaser. ! franchise for handling United States'
fSurcial to Tho Rnirw) The new Hudson Super-Six differs , "res nas neen secured ana a coro-t
XETv YORK. March 16 America ' ,lttle from la8t year's model, but theP'ete stock of United S ates Royal
v.. mK., Hudson designers have incorporated j cords and ' fabric tires wil always be
has created merchant shipping withrn a number of mjnor TentiemeDtrin the' maintained.
the past three years to the extent car hica are easily noted. ! Besides tires, the new company will
c KL. EQ (which ordinarily would not have been' It is hard to beat the Hudson for, handle a complete line of antoniobile
,,, h.i. wtw : developed throughout a Quarter or a power, and when it comes to speed oils and greases and in a rew days a
automobile acces-
J t Icenturr had not Germany's anhmarine few cars can pass one on tie road. ; large supply cf
,nh nf Amarillo warfare destroyed tonnage in quantl- For the man who wants a c,assy mo-;sories will be received from eastern
emn wh-n I nas7eVEer I es 80 vat as to create a crisis in tor car with more than sufficient pow-, jobbers.
.mobile in wich th the worlds martime situation. This er to climb a majority of hills on
automobile in which tney ....... . . , ., . . h.., ,v H,1rtarvn fin- hin
nic uie autoiuooue in wn.cu n. arn ah. "h : wllr " hlKh Eear. the Hudson fills the bill..
cars. were riding. The victims were jacs I . i t '
IN WARREN DISTRICT
REPUBLIC TIRES BOOSTED.
Scores of Warren district automo
bile owners and drivers are boosters
for Republic tires on account of the
extra miles which these casings in
variably give, according to Grubb and
Tate, the proprietors of the Western
"It is almost impossible to cover ; D. Williams, Amrrillo. Texas; Roy t .." , . , ...
the prosperous Warn district wiu-i Connany. St. Louis. Both represent-. .1" !8 J.nfan.Cy"Q DAVE BABITT VISITS
out having a branch salesroom here, led the Shapleiga Hardware company ,L,'r" an. . n!l fJ
said Mr. Jackson yesterdayFy sev- of Fort Worth, as traveling
" " 3 jfni come, is the problem which tlie ...
: n. . . ! fin a rf ln?Anfl a nmnoo sntAmn.
i-'nueo states snipping ooara dm . . r."""r" Vuicaniiin ahi inthpr fp.inro t
.'aereed to solve, throueh a sea tram- n"e aeaiers a visitor in liisoee during. -
inspect the Warren
Mr. Babbittt is the senior member of
reau was amany put uncer way ou - .-. " .wo- ith tv- .o.
Janaary 1. Beginning April 1. it wili '3, laest a "rioutor or automo-:-- 'ed to
rrartnate Into th- nation's morrhnni b--?s in the southwest. vinen iiris nave to De snippea to
ZZSTTnSaXMto. Seventy! In addition to operating numerous! branch off ces in her cU.es or per-j
'five bovs were transferred from farm branch houses in various cities of ; P " toe eaern lactory.
I hands, store clerks and others of civ- Arizona. Babbitt Bros, maintain a, u, . .. M
'liian rhsmrtpr intn Kiir rtiirimr a. large distributing depot in El Paso, Manager W right of the W lllard stor-.
'period of training which terminated for motor tars, as well as mercantile age battery service station in Lowell,
February 26 the first group of o0,00u
which the shipping board plans to
Ine bureau established bv its recruit- the past week, when Dave Fabbitt ar-, puunc ires wuicn appeals u tne
1 established by its recruit o dlgtnct , mctorists is the fact that adjustments.
in g service. . t v . , .iwhen there are anv. are alwava marln 1
Tho wnrk rt this coi training hii. ' a,r- DaCDHil is uie senior mem oer ui . , .. .. . . .
ine wor oi mis sea training du- ..w-.. t. ..u..v'bT the local distributors, thus dolne1
uig imiuuiii; in us. cuiuyauy, wuiuiii - - - - i
Ml I
!
1HZ UNIVERSAL CAR
While there's no telling what conditions
may face the country before the war is
over, one thing is certain and that is that
Ford cars will grow more and more into
being actual necessities, both in the city
and country. Prospective buyers will do
well to place orders NOW, when a reason
ably quick delivery is possible. Don't put
it off until spring, for the demand is con
tinuous from all parts of the North, South,
East and west, every day of the year. Let
us have your order today and we'll hustle
our best that you may not be kept waiting.
Hood & Bledsoe
' Johnson Addition
Heat
cannot
and friction
hurt this tire
Why Pro&am Proceam Rubber
mddm mUmagm tm Republic ttroa
Heat, the great destroyer xf rubber, is caused principally
by friction. t
Prodium Process Rubber (the wonderful new compound
used exclusively on Republic tires) possesses anti-skid and
traction qualities w hich reduce friction to a minimum.
In addition to this, Prodium Process Rubber will withstand
a higher temperature than any material ever used on a tire.
The result is that Republic Prodium Process tires are
almost proof against the damaging results of over-heating.
Get a sample strip of this wonderful new rubber. Try to
break it. Its great tensile strength is another of its advan
tages over all other tire treads.
Western Vulcanizing Shop
Johnson Addition
jam
mm
Uad i. th Stylish Black Trmad
place in active service. This national
i men is in operation for the first time
; in America's history.
I TVt a T'tiitAfl Qtatoa chinninr twinril ia
rot basing its system of training on
war conditions. Millions of tons ut
new shipping will go into commission
under the American flag during the
next two years and the cry, "Man the
new ships!" must be answered "by
thousands of American boys w-ho livea
far from the sea coasts, according o
Eugene E. O'Donnell, the shipping
I board's supervisor of sea training.
New England boys, including many
' runaways, first responded to this can
j be:ause the national headquarters ot
the sea training bureau was esta
lichen nt Rrustnn Thp irp limits wprft
then 17 to 2" year3. Later they were S
1 - . . n. j MA d
caansjea to -I ana years,
i Tie United States shipping board
I chartered from the Eastern Sieamsnip
! company last December tne steamer
i Calvin Austin, formerly in pasaesget
, service between Ecston and Atlantv;
' ports, farther north. Subsequently n
' sifter stip. the Governor Dingley. was
trhen into t.is sprvice. The Me3de,
onr.9 an ai .ny transport, may become
tie next unit of this fleet; and au
; noi'nctment is made that, with the es
i tablishment of a training station ai
: San Francisco, the Princeton, a Unit
', ed States gunboat, will be taken over.
As the system expands, other ship
will be chartered for service alons the
Pacific coast, and there wi!! oe vessels
I for the Gulf coast.
j Life on board one of these training
. ships combines instruction and play.
At 6 a. m. the 600 boys at present on
' the Calvin Austin arise and tidy their
: rooms. Breakfast nad general wcr.
takes up their time until 9:30, when
dis Spline and Instruction benin. Then
. comes inspection, boat drill, "cleau-
' up," and dinner at nooa Fire - rill
seamanship, boat drill. knot-naKins
! and general work occupy the afternoor.
: hours jintil supper. In the (ivenin
the boys have recreation cards, dom
"'inoes. moving pictures, shower batns.
establishments in northwestern Ari- spent Thursday and Friday at nisi
zona. ; branch office In Douglas. H" reparts '
"The Warren district is certainly1 business improving In the sniel'er city. '
THE DAILY REVIEW WANT ADS BRING RESULTS
J
Have Your Tires Equipped With Gate's Half
Sole Tires and Cut Your Tire Bills in Half
Scores of local motorists are securing thousands of excess miles by
using Gates Half Sole Tire. The cost is about half that of the regular
casing.
Vulcanizing is our specialty and we have one of the vest vulcani
zers in the state to handle your work. Bring in your old tires and let
us build new miles into them.
LOWELL MOTOR COMPANY
Phone 733
Lowell
MOTORISTS
IF YOU WAPJT AN AMERICAN STANDARD AUTOMOBILE
s
U
E
E
PIERCE ARROW
MARMON
CADILLAC
OLDSMOBILE
BUICK
CHANDLER
STUTZ
Next to Postoffice
LOWELL
Phone 833
Southern Arizona Auto Co.
GEO. E. JACKSON, Proprietor
ED PLUMB, Manager
o
unite Dm.
ARE GOOD TIRES
I
yde
Stnaclk
johnson Addition
PHONE 850- ::
SALES AND SERVICE STATION THE B1SSEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MARCH 17,1918.
Original Locator of
Verde Extension Now
WORLD'S BIGGEST WOODEN SHIP WAS
WELL DECORATED FOR LAUNCHING
Good Roads for Arizona
Visitor in District
R. M. Boiler, Pioneer of Arizona, Former Freighter On Tomb
stone Properties, Apache Indian Fighter, Returns to Mining
Game in Old Stamping Grounds After Trying Back-ta-Na-ture
Experiment ,
A
i
i
i
r
.1
-A
X
. fZ
1 -aJ
Automobiles, Replacing
Four Legged Transports,
Bring Better Roads
u oJ :L rv- I -Ks y.
Turnouts to Be Eliminated L 1
"It is orlainly gratifying to the far- throughout the state will mean not
geeine citizens of Arizona that the "Uly internal development 01 our nat
state has awakened to the economic
ural reronrres, but will go far in mat
ins Arizona tne .Mecca ior mousanas
value of good roads," said W. G. Hub-,0f toi.risis every year.
"Our state has historical and scenic
bard of the Bisbee Auto company, local
Goodrich tire dealer.
"Although the recent appropriation
made by the state board of control it
not large, it is nevertiiedi:&s a start,
which undoubtedly will be followed by
many more.
"A network of good highways
! ttractioiis second to none, which,
' nade Ec:e?sible to motor cars and
I arcperly exploited, -will bring ten
where' one came before.
"The Apache Trail, the Petrified For
est, the Natural Bridge, the Roosevelt
0;irn, the Montezuma Well, the Cliff
Dwellings, the romantic "boom"' towns
of the past, should all be as familiar
to the American sightseer as the
Grand Canyon.
"The Goodrich national touring bu
reau is rendering every possible aid
to the gcod road movement. Only last
month the Blythe-Ehrenburg cut-off
from Phoenix to Los Angeles was
routed by Seth Hudgins, Goodrich road
scout for this section. This data will
soon' be printed and become available
to every motorist free."
FORD TRUCKS IN DEMAND. iiailoads of trucks were received, an1 shipment is not scheduled from the
Hood and Bledsoe, the local Kordja n-iniler hav- alreaiy been sold and factory for quite a while, in all pro
distributors, have received many in-1 rieli.ered to local merchants and busi- Safciiity the ones in stock will 60on
quirles afcsat the Ford one urn truck, j ness men. At the present time, the be gone.
which was placed on display in the , Iceal Ford aaents are able to deliver
salesroom a few days ago. Several) tr:v Et once anl as anoJier REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS
tm f
J' '
lfefl -tiff" I Jifzr'
All
Your Battery Needs
Distilled water every two
weeks, regular hydrometer
. tests, and occasional thermom
eter readings in .hot weather or
when you're running your car
long distances that's the most,
and the least, you'ean do for
your battery.
Let us help you make sure
of that little difference between
a dead battery and a live one,
high cost of electric power
and low.
Even the best battery will
wear out some day. Before
that time comes, let us show
you the Still Better VVillard
with Threaded Rubber Insula
tion, recently put on sale after
two years remarkable perform
ance in 35,000 cars.
Recalling the days of Apache fight
ing, ot strenuojs existence in many
ways iu tne mining camps and on the
trai.s of southern Arizona, ol pioneer
ing n tne uioue una Jerome districts,
cna ct mucii else which has gone down
auj oat as AiUonu bas advanced, K
M. Boiler, a visi.or trom Ajo, is finding
among old-t.niers in ttisbee not to few
familiar faces and an occasions! ac
quaintances who remember too
M-. Boner has been identified with,
mining in one way and another in Ar
tona lor more than forty years. In tne
imenm he has occasionally gone into
California. Nevada, Montana and other
mining countries, but he has at n
time in the period been entirely dis
associated from Arizona connections
Had WiJe Experience
In his time he has developed and
sold several properties, has locatej
and tried out .nany, and in between
has dene many shifts on the mining
jobs of others. Among the propertie
he nas at one :inie and another held
under his location notices and per
formed work on in his own behalf, Mr
Boiler is agreed that he is entitled to
some fame as the original locator of
some of the ricnest ground now held
by the United Verde Extension. Fame,
being the only portion that he directly
can claim in the matter, its concession
comes easily. ,
"Joe Dillon, now United State? mar
shal, was working at Jerome a", thai
time,- said Boiler yesterday. "He took
up a piece of ground next to me and
started a tunnel. It was very close to
where the Daisy shaft of the United
Verde Extension now is the shatr
through which the Extension's great
wealth was opened. Neitner on of us
did much work on the claims. Wo
were out of employment for a few
weeks because the United Verde had
shut down. The Verde had only a few
claims at the time. Everything abc.1
Jerome except tne Verde was wi ie op
en to location. Vhe Verde was gettirg
up a 20-ton seinlting plant, its first,
and while they were building this the
mine forces were laid off. I went oai
hunting and prospecting for the period
of slack wgrk and down in the canyon
below the town came across a crop
ping that seemed to have possibilities.
I was only a boy then and knew bn.
little about prospecting. However, the
Verde assayer. who had taken a likin?
to me. had told tie that ir I found any
thing that looked as if it carried value,
to bring it in uud he would give it a
test.
Shows Good Value
"His assay of the sample I carried
back showed twelve ounces of silvei
He told me it was a very encouraging
sort of talc I had happened upon "and
advised that I go back ri once and lo
cate a number ot claims. Following
his advice. I think I located five and
took another young fellow in jvlth n-e
to help do the work. We started a.i
incline on the surface showing and go.
down about 30 leet before mining ra
sumed in the camp, when we botn wer.t
back to the Verde. Things came
arouad so that I had an opportunity to
do better in the Globe country and I
went there an i torgot all abo it the
Jerome locations. Meeting Dillon the
other day, I reminded him of his wor!
nest to- mine, and with w hich he fol
lowed about the same course I did,
leaving the locations lapse."
Mr. Boiler teamed between the Chtr
icahuas and Tombstone in the dsys of
Tombstone's biggest activity, hnulinj
miniag supplies to the camp from tt-e
mountains. On these trips he 'vas in
constant danger cf attack from Apach
es and experienced a satisfvine suf'i
cieucy of thrills, although" escaping
PJJictures of hide, on several occas
ions. He later teamed ore between
lombstone and Charleston. Alter thst
he turned to prospecting in various
parts ot the state and several years
ago had acquit ed enough of world I;,
guous to mane turn teei that he could
ieure. He cnose a ranch in Oregon
tor tiie purpose, having in common
with most miners the idea that farm
ute sums up all the joys tnat hare
ueetf, uusseu in otner employments.
&M alter a white on tne farm wit a tne
uiooiey cows, he found that ne missed
tue cueery racnet ot tne midday round
ot shots and that home really wasn't
Home without them. Since when he
has been, back n Arizona.
Again in Mining Game
Mr. Boiier is at present engaged in
advancing the interests of tne A)
Pima Copper Company, of which he is
president. The property of the com
pany lies northeast of the New Cor
nelia, approaching within 2500 feet of
the famous steam snovel pit of that
company. Twenty-four claims are in
cluded in the Ajo Pima holdings, most
ly located by boiler in the last year
Since incorporation for the modest
sum of laoo.oou and granting of privil
ege to Ajo Pima to sell 100,000 shares
ot $1 par value stock at 20 cents to
raise development funds, many ot tha
men working in the steam shovel pit
have sought the stock. The formation
over the Ajo-Pima very closely resem
bles that ot Cornelia and Ajo Consoli
dated which has made great commer
cial ore bodies .tnd is believed by Boi
ler and his associates to represent
equally as good property, although h-3
very properly and frankly admits thee
it is strict it a prospect, and may o
may not make good. DeveloDment
through a tunnel ot some 400 feet in
length, it is believed will show wheth
er the ground has value warranting
its opening up .r not. To obtain tlte
money to run the tunnel is the pres
ent endeavor. The amount yielded by
the sale of shares now on the market
would furnish sufficient for the under
taking. The company has started its
tunnel and is well satisfied with vroc
ress made both in development work
and in the financing to this time They
nave money in the treasury and no
debts outstanding. . i
( r . ' A
Kil-! .toi
,
si'Kt - '.'.''-.""-Jp-rii '.i
"War Mystery." built fo Great Britain.
The "War Mystery" was recently launched in the Sabine river at
Orange, Tex. It is the Litest wooden ship afloat js one of 3ix sister ship
under construction ar.d will be adtied to Liiarlanii's mercantile marine, Thi
photo was taken just before the launching.
company, is turning out some experl
work. He is an experienced tire re
pair man and can build hunlreds of
miles into a casing which apparently
is ready for the junk pile.
HUNS POISON HORSES
(Bv Rpvlew Len.xod Vir)
COVINGTON, Ky.. March 16. Fifty
horses are dea.l of poisoning in Cov
ington and many more are expected to
die out of a government shipment of
726 horses fror.i Camp Grant. Rock
ford. Illinois, consigned to Newport
' News, Va.,
Dr. L. E. Crisler. veterinJry surgeon
pronounced the death of the aiimals
to be due to belladona and cro'on oil
poisoning. He said he believe the
poison had been placed in water given
the horses In Covington. Government
authorities are investigating.
GATES TIRES POPULAR. i
Since the first of the year. Manager
Main of the Lowell -Mo;or company
has sold almost a carload of Gates
half sole tires to local purchasers, ac- '
cording to figures which he announc
ed yesterday. The Gates is nton than
popular in Arizona, fcr it has made
dozens of mileage records. As t costs
less than a new casing, experienced
motorists arj beginning to learn that,
it pays to protect worn tire by se
curing a Gates half sole. Mr. Klrk
ani. who has charge of the vulcaniz
ing department for the Lowell Motor
Ugly, UnsightlyTimples
Are Signals of Bad Blood
Give Heed to the Warning.
Pimples on the face and other
parts of the body are warnings from
Kature that your blood is sluggish
and impoverished. Sometimes they
foretell eczema, boils, blisters, scaly
eruptions and other skin disorders
that burn like flames of fire.
They mean that your blood reeds
S. S. S. to purify it and cleanse it of
these impure accumulations that can
cause unlimited trouble. This remedy
is the greatest vegetable blood puri
fier known, and contains no minerals
or chemicals to injure the most deli
cate skin.
Go to your"anigrsore7"an3 get I
bottle of S. S. S. today, and get rid
of those unsightly and disfiguring
pimples, and other skin irritations.
And it will cleanse yourblood thor
oughly. If you wish special medical
advice, you can obtain it without
charge by writing' to Medical Direc
tor, 29 Swift Laboratory, Atlanta,
Georgia.
.Lohman. & Wright
Central Theater Building
LOWELL
tft.. t - " mmiiMii ii Dili i mtamammrimlmhmtmmmmmmmmmmtmmttm
Wheatlesa Days
and
Meatless Days
SUNDAY t.e wheatless meul,
(mid-day).
MONDAY All meals wheatless.
TUESDAY All meals beefless and
porkless. One wheatless meal.
mid-day).
WEDNESDAY All meals wheat
less. THURSDAY One wheatless meal.
(mid-day).
FRIDAY One wheatless meal
(mid-day).
SATURDAY One wheatless meal.
tmiu-aay).
BACKACHE
L'mbor Up With Penetrating
Hamlin's Wizard Oil
I ' A harmless and effective prepara-
ion to relieve the pains of Rheuma
I i wa. Sciatica, Lame Back and Lum
' !ayo is Hamlin's Wizard Oil. It pen-
ctrates quickly, drives out soreness,
! and limbers up stiil aching joints and
. muscles.
j You have no idc.i how useful it will
( le found in cases of every day ail-
nient or mishap, when there Is need of
ian immediate healing, antiseptic rp-
iilication, as in cases of sprains,
irnisrs. cuts, burns, bites and stings,
j Get it from druggists for M cents.
If not satisfied return the bottle and
get your money back.
Ever constipated or have sick head
ache? Jut try W izard Liver Whips,
' pleasant little pink pills, 30 cents,
i Guaranteed.
r
Buy Your
Business Stationery
In Bulk
, Why pay extra money for fancy
boxes and wrappings? Get it with
out the frills, cut to any size you
wish, made up into packages, pacta
or tablets to suit your needs.
We have a very good grade of
TYPEWRITER PAPER which
we are selling at $1.00 per ream
(82xl I inches)
Also a good assortment of
Envelopes all sizes
Ruled Index Cards
Mailing Tubes assorted
Carbon Paper
Blotting Paper, Etc.
Review Job Printing
Fhone 39
De
partmen
t
Upstairs
9 THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING. MARCH 17. 1918.
2L.
Mining and Financial News
BY REVIEW
Xt'W YORK. M -.nb Half a
dore;i s'jcfcs Including Reading. Isald-
win Lrrjiroti.e. Sinclair. United
States Steel and Canadian Pacific
n:ade up te ulk of today's moderate
and iiTeeilar djs'.ines.
The movement was. exceedingly
mixed. Reading advancing 2 points to
S4Ti. a new maximum for the year
while Canadian Pacific made a tur.h-
er doc-line cf 3. Sales amounted to
185,000 shares.
Tte light market operations of the
weeks probably accounted for the ac
tual contraction of almost $S2.i0o,00
la clearing house loans, but half of
the previous week's pain in reserve
was lost, that item showing a de
crease of about $21,000,000, leaving
the total excess at sli.ahtly more than
$34,000,000.
The band marVet r?s featureless on
notniual chalices. Total sales par
VElue, arereect'-d $2,075.00. United
Ftaes bonds eld issues were un-
cansed cn call duriDg the week, ex
cept for decline of J4 of 1 per cnt in
coupon and registered 2s.
GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, March 16. Grain prices
ccllacsed suddenly today under a
burden of annual spring liquidation
whici chanced to catch the market
bare of support. After ertreme
breaics cf five to 6'i een's however,
rallies ens-ied. Corn cloeed unsettled
S to 2V4 net lower, with March,
$1.26 and May. J1.23H- Oats fin
ished 3rs to 41 to 4V down . and
- pork of? 22 to 60 cents. Buyers were
at no time numerous enough to hold
tLe market in check until a fice cents
a bushel setback tempted purchasing
on the part of heavy interests that
previously fcal withdrawn as bidder.
Tctal disappearance of wintry weath
er appeared to be the chief element of
bearish sentiment.
Oats were swav?d largelv by tie
same influences which affected corn.
Provisions dropped owing to heavy
warehouse stocks here and the acute
weakness of grain.
COTTON MARKET.
NEW YORK. March 16. Cotton
clDFd steady at a net advance of 3
Co 17 points.
METAL MARKET
NEW YORK, March 16. Bar silver,
E64- .
DECREASE IN RESERVE.
NEW YORK, March 16. The ac
tual coa lition of clearing house banks
and trust companies for the week
j-hoved that tbey hold $34,313, 310, re
serve in excess of lepal requirements.
This is a decrease of $20.84 7.430, from
last week.
NEW YORK. .
Closing Quotations. March 15, 1918.
(By L. J. Overlock.)
Anacenda 63
American Can 43
American Car 764
Auvriran Looomolive 634
American Smeiter S0
Baldwin 77
Peth B .'. 78
C. & O 594
C. F. & 1 38 ?4
Canadian raciHc 139
Central Leather 694
Crucible 64
Erie
Goodrich
flenera! Mators .. .
Industrial Alcohol .
Lackawanna .. .. ,
Marine
Marine Pfd
Mexican Petroleum
Midval?
New York Central
Northern Tacific . .
Reading
Rubber .. .. .". ..
Republic Steel .. .
16
43Si
123:4
121
SO
28 Vt
98
94
45
72?4
86
841
54 '
79
Gas Fired Water
For Attaching
to You)
Range Boiler
Bisbee
LEASED WIRE.
S udebaker 46'
sue! 91 -"V
Steel Pfd 1097,
St. Paul 41 !
Southern Pacific 86'4 I
Sinclair 31
Texas Oil 14SS '
Union Pacific 122 J
. IT. S. M 44H
Westingbouse 41
BOSTON.
Adventure 1
Allouez 50
Alaska 1T8
Arizona Commercial 12H '
Butte 22 Vs
C. &. A. '69
C. & H 430
Copper Ranee 44 H i
Chino 40 Vi
Chile ..
16
Last Butte
Cranby .. .
Green Can.
Gold field ..
Hancock ..
Indiana ..
Inspiration
Kennecott .
Lake ....
La Salle ..
Miami .. .
Mohawk ..
N-evada . . .
76
40
Ate
8
80
45
31 v
' 6
3
303;
62
1S4
North Bu-Ue . . . 15
Nip
Old Dominion . .
Osceola . . . .
Pond Creek .. .
Quinry
Ray Con
Shattuck
Shannon
Superiar Boston
St. Mary's .. .-
Utah Con
Winona
Davis Dalv ..
84
39
57
19
71
234
17
H
2
51
10
1
6
CURBS.
Arkansas & Arizona 7
Austin Amazon 4
Arizona Silver King 5-16
Bisr Ledse '1
Butte & l.ondon 20
Con. Arizona 2
Con. Copper 54
Curtiss 34
Dundee
Denn 21
Cornelia 174
Emma ' . . . . M
Federal Oil 34
Gadsden 3
G. Monster
G. Island " 15
Hull 40
Hecla 44
Inspiration Needles 1-16
Jerome Verde
Jerome- Victor j 4
Masfma Copper 36
Magma Chief 3-16
yismi Con ' 1-32
Magnate 4
P'fsbursh Jerome ........ 84
Porphyry 1 3-32
Riy Here 4
Santa Rita .. .. 1-16
Tom Reed 182
Tuolonme 14
United Eastern 4
Verde Extension . .
Verde Combination
Wolverine Arizona
West End
38
14
77
7-16
White Caps
Wright Martin 7
CORN May, $1.25i ; $1.23.
OATS May, 85: 82'i.
COTTON May. 31.90; 31.41.
OATMAN.
(By Collins & Bretherton.)
Bid
Argo .0r
Adams 02
Arizona" Res
Arizona Tom R 03
Ask
.10
!25
.44
03
j Gold Ore
Itoundary
43
Cone 02
Provides abundant supply of
hot water at reasonable cost.
Call at cur store and ask for
demonstration, or make re
quest for representative to call
upon you.
Improvement Co.
LEAVES HAWAII
j TO JOIN STAFF
tW- !
- i - -.. ...... ' - ..
-
r i
Colonel Lucius Durfec
Colonel Lucius Durfee of the U. S.
infantry has taken op his new duties
as a member of the general staff
corps. President Wilson called him
ir. from Hawaii, where he has been
stationed for several years.
TWO MORE FLYERS
INJURED IN FALL
AT FLYING FIELDuf to England wrote to a friend:
I "The hotel where I Intended to stay
.' i lest its last window last night, so I
(By Review Leased Wire) put up at another hotel which stHl
FORT WORTH, Texas, March 14 ; boasts a few panes of glass. " I arrived
Lieut. C. Finch of the Royal Flying ; j town a ijttle before noon, and at
Corps, and Cadet Flyer Howard P. Bit-1 noon precisely Morunful Mary began
tinger of the United States aviation ber day's performance. We naturally
corps, were seriously Injured here to-1 looked un toward the heavens, and.
day when the engine of their airplane
stopped at an altitude of 500 feet and
they fell at Camp Hicks. They were
living over me serial gunnery largei
range Lieutenant Finch was piloting
the plane. He sustained
both, legs
broken and bod v bruises.' Bittineer
received a broken rib and was badly
oruiseu about tno ooay ana legs. ine ;dinner Tne man i wa3 witn took;
injured men w.jre taken to the base;mA . hni1.e wilfpl, i. ch.r(,j
hospital.
.05
Gold Road Bonanza 05
GoM Reed
Gold Cliff
Lucky Boy 0?
Sunnyside 03
Telluride 12
Tom Reed .. 1.82
United Eastern 4.87
United Northern 02
United Western .02
Red LJon
-.05
.15
.021
OTHER CURBS.
Gadsden 3.00
Green Monster 62
Butte London 20
Dundee 87
Venture Hill
Pittsburgh Jerome .- 84
Jerome Verde 62
Arkansas-Arizona 08
Jerome Portland
Inspiration Needles
Hull Copper .. ..
Magma Chief .. ..
Wolverine Arizona .
.. .06
... .40
... .18
...1.C0
.. .12
.. .03
.12
.45
.30
1.75
.75
Verde Combination . .
Miami Consolidated . .
Nacozari Consolidated
Verde Apex
Porphyry Cop
Calumet & Jerome ..
10
.45
10
1.15
1-42
.. .40
.. .OS
..1.10
..1.31
1
Heater
CALAIS CITIZENS
iftJ
I
f
H
Distress Warning Becomes
Common Occurence end
Populace Mock Whistle
Populance Mock Whistle
While Seeking Safety.
(Correspondence Associated Press)
SOMEWHERE IN FRANCE. Feb.
26. ".Mournful Mary" is the soldiers'
nickname for the municipal siren
which warns tJie populations of Calais ;
i that enemy aircraft are approaching, j
! The persistent attention which th (
Germans pay to this port is testified
by the fact that over a large area the
town entirely lacks glass, while almost
every house has Its specially strength
ened and sand-bagged dugout. At pres
ent a small army of workmen is dig
ging Industriously in several of the
squares and small parks cf the town,
constructing public shelters which are;
absolutely essential if tne town is toi
! continue in existence at all. I
The Germans ran raid the town coin-
ifortably between dinner and supper'
and. if they choose, can go back and
! fetch another load of bombs and try!
! again in the evening. As for night
bombing, the town is so easily found
that not even a moon is necessary
any reasonably fine night will do.
One night R was raided for five
hour- cont'nuously, and on the follow
ing night it received 100 bombs. An
officer who spent 24 hours there eu
! gure enough, there were nine enemy I
airplanes advancing in formation as I
. lf on parade. They dropped their!
; bombs around the town and were then
! driven awav bv British machines.
"Things were quiet until towards
j .v. -r. .i
fu, Mary 8uddenly Interrupted our
with a Belgian colonel and ltis family.!
We groped our way down two flights!
of cellar stairs Into a small and air-'
less chamber, strongly fandbagged'
i nii nrntort ' wtth hm: Wo t
there in the darV for an hour wen
SIGNAL
OURNFUL
Mi
I
i
I
.04 suddenly the electric lights went on.lover the measures aken by the Ger-
... indi ating that the danger was over.jnis in the Aland Is an here ,ae
1.83 As I went back to my hotel distant j Svedisa PPulat,on. ls be'nR.tfoHl
5.00 ! firing ws plainly audible. I to enroll in the white guard. Me.ler.
.03 "I had just got to my room when1 of the Swedish socialist delega-
...(Mournful Mary again broke forth. l,tion tbat was sent to the south of H-
.Outside my window I could plainly
hear that ominous and penetrating
hum of aircraft propellers, and,pres-
. entl7 there came a 'crash-crash.' The
windows rattled and t!he walls shook.
.24 . Then there were six more similar ex
plosions, but -not so near. Then sl
lence, and presently the lights went
3j ; on again.
69 1 "I began to undress and was just
11 1 readv for bed when there came ten
J:annallinr crashes, mlneled with the
smashing of glass. This time Mournful
Mary had been outwitted, but she
made up for lost time by a series of
blasts immediately after the explo
sions were over. There was silence i
again; the lights went on; I got intoi
bed. Then crashes again; very loud)
bumming; then lights on again. I de-(
cided there was little chance of get-;
tine a night's sleen in this town, so I'
' I got out a book and tried to read in
i bed.
i Tut I no more than got Interested
in my book than out went the lights
: and there was another visitation an
i exact repetition of the previous one.
This time Mournful Mry and the
bombs coincided exactly. There were
two more visits before daybreak, be
I sides two false alarms by Mournful
Mary."
! It is In this town that a famous j
: group of statuary stands as a record
of the heroism of the city's burghers!
j In the fourteebfb century. Besides this,
croup of statuary there now stands ,
the wreck of a captured Gotha, down
i ed bv anti-aircraft fire while bombing
i the city. After the war the citizens
plan to erect a replica of it in marble,
j dedicated to those who have gone
i through the ordeals of the past few
j months.
RUSS AUTHOR DIES.
fRvTtevtew Leaaed Wire)
PETROGRAD, March 14. Th-.
death of the author, Masloff Saturlns
ki( has occurred at Moscow.
xJbur(omplex!onh)inediah!
Uon t allow sallowness or a muddy tinee
to spoil your complexion. Bleacn your skin
trom tour to five
(hides lighter
with one
Not the tlitrhtest irritation. A friumoh
. over mow exonerating beauty trials.
H,hiv m-ii b m.i of
tnent Free explanation crl.idlv given or awid
i L"5.enJVf?r.'nPle of VlmeninB Cream at,
i McDonalds Marinello Shop
Phone 305
jly..t.-,ff.Ti'..,yt.,tSi.73
XETT LAUNCHING DEVICE WILL CUT
CHANCES FOR HUNS' FIHGIITFULXESS
( I . - ' ThU "
W.1,5.
t : St o I PREVENT
; . ,' i t : "
,
?r .... ---rJ.- .
?: - - -.,::- :"-' .
Above
-Device for launching lifeboats
, ships usu lielow V ictims left by U-boat to perish in sea. ,
'
Hyland lifeboat savers, beinr tried ont by the government, will pr
vent loss of many lives when a U-boat hits a liner. The list of the bir
steamer has often made it impossible for the crew to lower lifeboat. on tr.a
up side of the liner without upsetting them and dumping their contend
into the sea. The Hyland invention, -as the photo shows, slides the kf
j boat clear of the bulging hold of the
StVEDEN RESENTS
ACTION TAKEN BY
HUNS IN FINLAND
(Rv TVvIpw T.oased Wire)
WASHINGTON. March 14. n
of
ficial dispatch from Stockholm today
! said the Swedish press is indignant
'and is quoted as dec.anng the Ger-
; nlans re i'5 s' U'""'J-
SLAV LEADER SUICIDES.
4Ry Review leaged Wire
LONDON, March 14. General Dum -
badze, commandant o fthe Port of
I Vladivostok has committed suicide,
isays a Reuter despatch from Petro-
: grad received today.
No Humbug!
Lift off Corns
Doesnt hurt a bit to lift a
corn or callus off with fingers.
i claim to the land above described, be-;
1 n t t - -- f)re jare!j d Taylor. U. S. Commls-
Fnr a few cents vcu car.'sione at Bisbee.. Arizona, on the 19th I
For a few cents ycu can day of Marcn 1?1S . ,
get a small bottle or the: claimant names as witnesses:
magic, drug freezone re- William A. Lyth. Coraeil Witvoet, Ger-!
cently discovered by a ' rit Witvoet. Columbus T. Stoltz, all of
i Hereford. Arizona. I
Cincinnati man. j JOHN u ,RVIX Register. !
fi
Just ask at auy drug
store for a small bottle ot!
freezone. Apply a few
drops upon a tender, atb
ing corn and Instantly,
yes, immediately, all sore
ness disappears and short
ly you will find the corn
or callus so loose that yon
lift it out. root and all,
with the fingers.
Just thin! Not one bit
of pain before applying
freezoue of afterwards. It
doesn't even irritate the
surrounding skin.
Hard corns, soft corns
or corns between the toes.
so .hardened calluses on
bottom of feet, just seem to shrivel upj
and fall off without hurting a particle, i
It is almost magical.
Ladles! Keep a tiny bottle on your;
dresser and never let a corn or callus,
uhe twice. I
Legal Notices
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR
U. S. PATENT
Mineral Survey No. 33S7
Serial No. 038239
j United States Land Office, Thoenix.
Arizona. March 1, 1918.
Notice is hereby given: That R. A.
Eretherton and C. M. Henkel. whose
postoffice addresses is RIsbee, Cochise
I Countv. Arizona, have made
applica
tion tor patent for the following named
lode mining claim, situated in the
Warren Mining District, Cocblse Coun
ty, Arizona, in hection i. unau-jreven, '
T. 23-S. R. G. & S. R Tt. & M.l
described as follows, to-wit:
SrrrKSS- Hoinnin? .it Corr.rr
1 1 .. v r- .nv.. ik.
. lu" , "c':,"; ,, ,(,, !
i W H corner of Section 18. T. 23-S. R. i
I5-E. G. & S. R. B. & M. bears N. 89
... R jgjjs feet: theneo S 4 34' W '
326.40 feet to corner No. 2; thence X. I
87 21' W. 10i) ,eet to corner No. 3:
thence N. 4 34' K. 425.30 feet to ' r-
ner No. 4; thence S. 83' 34' E. 1500 i
feet to corner No. 1, the place of be-,
ginning, containing a net area of 7 351 1
ft
1 1 I w!
I I , I J
I Nlal
so as to prevent upsetting when bi;
liner. i
acres, expressly excluding area in con
flict with Survey No. 311 7, Bruce Lot'e
cf Z.S02 acres, and with Survey No.
3117. Baltic Lode, of 1.7s:; acres.
The location notice of 'his claim is
recorded In the c.fiice of the County
Recorder of Cochise County, Arizona,
as follows:
. ';", IA
SUCCj.S Book 49J Records
The names . a,io,njn , ,,n
to this 9urve re: Gn ttc Nortn Sur.
vev No. 2176. Corcna lodo and Survev
N-,j 3138 Corona ode. oa tlie East
Survpv. Xo 313S Roa loJ(i and Sur.
Tcy Xq 3u7 BaUJc f((Ie; pn he gou.h
vey No
117 Eruce lode; op the West
Survey No. 2029 Horse Shoe lede.
J. L. IHV.N. Register.
j
' NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION ,
Department or tne interior
U. S. LAND OFFICG at Phoenix, Art
zona. February 9. 191S.
NOTICE is hereby given tha' Gilbert
J. Perry, of Lewis Springs. Arizona,
.who, cn March 9, 1913, made
stend Entry No. X)217!U for SV4
iNWViSEH. EViSWU Sec. 12 and on
August 9, 1915, made additional Home-1
stead Entry, No. 030S48. for Wl-'.SW4 :
; Section 12, NW4NW4 Sec. 13, NE4
NE1. Section 14. Township 22 S.
I Range 21-E. Gila & Salt River Base &
1 Meridian, has filed notice of intention
I to make three year Proof, to establish '
First publication February 16. 191S.
Adv. 2C3
Closing Out Odds and
' Ends in
Douglas Shoes
and other rcakes, vslues
up to $5.00, now
$2.50
CARO & COMPANY
20 Brewery Gulch
Send for Free Booklet
OF .
THE BRAZIL COMPANIES
Controls the largest and probably the
RICHEST GUARANTEED
Gold and Diamond
Fields
In the World
THE BRAZIL COMPANY has been
"authorized by the GOVERNMENT OF
BRAZIL to operate these fields. A lim
ited number of proprietary shares can
now be purchased. Guaranteed lease
holds will be offered for sate later.
c o f f K POM e
- " - - V.AKiUiN, CCC V.
149 Broadway
New York City
Contractor and Builder
ESTIMATES AND PLANS FURN
ISHED. WM. McDOUGALL
Opposite Lincoln School
American
W Aa W "
rarlov
rir.l
lass hoe 3h!n!r2
. n. For Ut'.t-'. rer.tlfv
n:"i anu ch'.I
rc-;i. We a!:;o iian'ilc
I Fresh Cut Flowers Daily
FOREST FLEMING, Prop.
AL'-EN BLCCK.
Announcement
We take pleasure in an
nouncing that in keeping
with our. policy of handling
nothing but the best we new
have a stock of
MURESCO
Wail Tints
There is no better tint made
to
beautv of color and cur-
ability.
See that your walls are
tinted with nothing but
iVlURESCO, it does not rub
off or fade. '
Remember oui ether stock,
is cf the same class and our
prices are&o more.
Gibson -Mines
Lumber Co.
J. W. F. SMITH, Manager
Phone 3
QUEEiN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Solicit Your
Patronage
PHONE 53
BISBEZ TRANSFER,
STORAGE & COAL CO.
Wareiiouoe & Office Opposite Depot
PHONES 643 and 50.
Tii3 Gentiiisnti1 Gasnzllv Go.
I S The largest Health and Accident
Insurance Company in the world.
InvostigiUe our liberal miner'
Pelicv.
Home-' IJAS. C ASHMORE, Agt.
tNE'4.;j P. o. Box City.
ELECTRIC ,
DYE WORKS
Suits Cleaned, $1.50.
Suits Called for and Delivered. .
Phone 3S5.
ELECTRIC DYE
WORKS
BREWERY GULCH.
WaTXINS & BERGQULST
iswelers and Opticians
TK HALLMARK Sto I
- -
EYE NERVE GLASSES
I fit glasses without
drugs, drops or dang
er, and guarantee sat
isfaction. Fhones: Orflce 13C.
Residence Black 420.
DR. R. GLAZE, Ophthalmologist
Upstairs, Over Wcolworth'a Store.
HENNESSY
Undertaking Parlors
PHONE 15. OK ST.
A
r l,.-, :.i (- .
?vry 71 N .. .r -! il 1. . .1 V...,-.
A SJLD H CSL'GGt i S EVVilUKf
CATARRH
m
CrTiifi '
BLADDER
wtr.'xiil ten
ours
? Al yns b. .-n tuo
. j i jw-n i Art- y -v
Btmrt oonanorrtku
VvVVVwrVVVVVV'VVVVNW THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MARCH 17, 1918.
SEVEN
i '
it
V
i
DAILY REVIEW WANT ADS
Advertisements under this head at the rate of 1 cent per word each Issue, with a minimum charge of 25 cents
Ad7ertisements must reach The Review office not later than 8 p. m. for insertion in next morning's paper.
Male Help Wanted
WANTED Bellboy.
Queen hotel.
Apply Copper
534
LEARN actual auto repairing, book
keeping, shorthand, radio engineer
ing. Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation, Los Angeles. Catalog free.
230
Female Help Wanted
WANTED White or colored girl for
general house work. Mrs. James
Flanigan. Blue 617. 907
WANTED Girl for general house
work. Phone 493. 946
WANTED Young lady for public of
fice work, experience necessary. Ap
ply Saturday afternoon at Telephone
office. 882
FositionsVante
EXPERIENCED NURSE wishes posi
tion. Phone 661. 943
WANTED Experienced cook, econom
Jcal, good manager, ranch or board
ing house preferred. Phone 352. 905
WANTED Position by young man,
four years experience at clerk in
general store, also three years ex
perience as chauffeur. W. G., Re
view. 887
For Sale
FOR SALE: In Dubacher Canyon.- 2
room house partly furnished. $150
cash, this is a bargain.' See Collins
&. Bretherton. 91?
FOR SALE Old papers 25 cents paoR SALE 6 room house furnished
bundle. Review office. complete, lot 70x140, garage 12x11.
FOR SALE 4 room furnished houee
School Hill. Phone 74 or 862. Cin
rive immediate possession. Mrs.
Laura E. Hewitt. !
4 room nouse, warren, tiiuu. vv al
ter O'Malley. Phone 862.
5 room furnished house. South
Bisbee. $1000. Walter O'Malley.
6 room furnished house, Johnson
Addition. $1650. close to car line.
Walter O'Malley. 946
FOR SALE: Complete outfit for 10
room boarding and rooming house.
rnnmi all KIImI Mrt C M Hnwart
er, 21 Cowan Ridge, Lowell. 923 ;
FOR SALE Furniture of
room house, 11 Tank HilL
seven
922 FOR SALE 4 room modern house fur
nished complete, 57A O. K. Street.
921 1
FOR SALE 5 passenger Studebaker
car, a bargain, $200. Western Vul-;
canizing Works, Johnson Addition, j
917
FOR SALE Sewing machine and j
crate. 17 O'Hare Avenue, Hoffman 1
house. 92
FOR SALE Studebaker model 2;i. fie
. passenger In good running order,
. good tires. Can be seen at Slag
Dump Garage.
94;
FOR SALE Complete furnishings
three room apartment, practically
new. Will sacrifice. Hollen, War
ren, double house straight ahead
from viaduct. 92b
FOR SALE 4 room new house fur
nished. Laundry Hill, $250 cash,
balance like rent. Apply to M. C
High. Allen bldg. . 940
FOR SALE Leuon Hotel, a good bar
gain if taken this week. 94S
FOR SALE 4 room houee must be :
moved at once $200 or make an offer i
Phone Red 298 or see John P. Steffes ;
contractor. Phone 667. 885'
FOR SALE 4 room new' modern
house corner 'ot, a bargain, $250
cash, bal. easy payments. WarrOTi
Apply to M. C. High, alien bldg. 90G
FOR SALE 4 room house furnished
complete for 2 small families. 62
Upper Lowell. 84i
FOR SALE T m o good lots up Tomb-. FOR RENT Room suitable for photo
stone canyon by road. $225 cash on graph gallery or tailor shop. Phone
payment and terms. Apply Gri3-' 10. 884
ham's Opera Heights, east city tank, i
by electric liCht post. 83,)tl"k iu.."-'rau c-meiii mui
FOR SALE Four room furnished t
moflern bouse, batn and screen
porch, one block from car line in .
Warren. For particulars phone 657.
StO
FOR SAXE - Portable house or ex-'
v, 1-.,, r 1117 '
FOR SALE Milch cow, Arizona Gro- -cerv.
760 REVIEW WANT ADS FORflESULTS
PETEY DINK The Poor Fish Thought She Meant It
f Uees au iuTerevTiw acticl&. ( Mow Vivf Hot Tfey OM Ho "3uST f I
I AUwjTie: IT SANS VHV MoT Yfll lEVEJZ- X I M T SooviDi J :; ' - J iMAeiWE. MAHA xm0C J
( ? fcAISE FISVI AT MOME To MELf fh. A SEr4.HJU x S l v -"" VA0Mr lT S 00 K,
I J Oltt ow 1VIE Food SMoKTAtE J Z V W $ f FUWWV 'OM DEAC, X. r&ZZA
V J6 A toTcei-rRDoBL& f S-1Y .rS ( i HOST GO NOW J felll
For Sale
IF YOU WANT A HOME I will sell
you the lot and build yon a house.
Terms to suit purchaser. Win. Mc
Dougal, contractor and builder.
Tonibstone Canyon opp. Lincoln
School. 479
i . - .
RELINQUISHMENT to good tract ol
I land close to McNeal, $300. E. P.
! Grindell, McNeal. 615
FOR SALE Uncalled for suit.
Levin Tailoring Co., Lowell.
M.
FOR SALE Pure bred white anu
brown leghorn chicks, $12.50 per
100. Send $2 per 100 with ord-r.
will ship C. O. D. Forester's Hat
chery. Route No. 3, Phoenix, Ari
FOR SALE One pair of mules, $10o.
Bronhy Carriage Co. 702
TYPEWRITES PAPER, good bond.
paper. 81-2x11, at $1.00 per 50o
sheets. Review Job Dept.
FOR SALE 2, 3, 4, room houses,
soft drink stand. Upper Brewery
Gulch, D. P. Rossi. . 757
' FOR SALE: Cheap, ranch with good
pumping plant, 13 norsepower en
gine. Apply J. E. Brophy, Lowell.
4S
'FOR SALE Wlil trade 2 or 4 good
lots in El Paso for Jprome Portland
stock. Roy Benz, Newberry's bar
ber shop, Bisbee
; FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE 5,000
i shares Michigan Verde Copper Co.
I stock; or what, have you? Address
i A. Review office. 739
concrete cellar, fruit trees & shrubs.
Address P. O. Box 963 or Phone 46.
Warren. E. B. Mathews. 379
i- OR SALE 6 room house,
Cochise,
ajl improvements suitable for 2 fam
ines, $500 can handle this, balance
like rent. Apply McDougall. con
tractor, opposite Lincoln School.
1 1 mbstone Canyon. 672
FOR SALE New modern home, gar
age, $25 Income month.
Box 19S2
804
iprirn IYnl"Y r A TJ I 3 St!1 inrhe.
for sale at Review Job Department !
3i:
For Rent
' FOR RENT Housekeeping rooms for
i bachelors or families, 56 Upper Low
1 ell, across from Lowell depot. 911
FOR RENT 3 room furnished house
237 School H'.U. 883
FOR RENT Housekeeping rooms,
block back of Baker'-'He Hotel, yel
low house sign on it. Phone 283. 741
: FOR RENT i room furnished house
1 no children. Call morning, 78 Quali
i ty Hill. J. W. Lang. 920
TOR RENT 2 furnished rooms fo
light housekeeping. "Arlington"
above city park. 918
,FOR RENT Sleeping room for gen
1 tleman day shift. 50 Brewery Gulch
I Washburn. 952
FOR RENT Two rooms suitable for
four gentlemen. Alta Vista on Tem
by Ave. 888
. FOR RENT Modern 3 room apart
, went, bnth, unfurnished. $25 if de
sired furnished. New concrete house
, L. R. Allen, Locklin Ave. 875
FOR RENT Four room brick house,
Clawpon street. Inquire . V. C.
Thomas, back of C. fe A. otfice,
Warren. 829
FOR RENT Modern six room house,
close in. Address K., care Review.
FOR RENT Flat, new modern, 3
rooms with sleeping porch, unfur
nished. Wirl furnish if parties will
lease for 6 months or over. Adults
only. Call Blue 745. 8S0
house in Warren.
Hogan A Seed.
602
KEXTr,? roT.hoU8e:, lJ!V?
Tamany Hall or 83 Youngblood Hill.
686
FOK "T0"866- In,quir,f T,m:
many Hail. Brewery Gulch or 83
Youngblood Hill.
569
Furnished Rooms
FOR RENT Furnished room for cou
j pie or lady. Phone Red 665. Miss
U. L. Holman, P. O. Dept.-
908
FOR RENT Furnished room in pri
vate home for one or two gentlemen
H. J. King, 54 Moon Ave., Tomb
stone Canyon. 313
FOR RENT Three furni8hed rooms.
Apply Dan Garrity, Jones Hill.
82S
FOR RENT 2 furnished rooms, no
children, 216 Tombstone Canyon. 947
FOR RENT Nice front room for two
gentlemen, over Royal confectionery
store. Brewery Gulch. 878
FOR RENT Nicely furnished room
outside entrance. L. R. Allen, Lock
lin Ave. . 874
FOR RENT Cue . furnished room for
light housekeeping. No. 1 Higsins
Hill. Phone Black 702. 83;
FOR RENT Furnished rooms back
or Brewery Gulch Lumber yard.
. 8U
RULED INDEX CARDS 5x3 inches,
tor sale at Review Job Department.
31;
MOOSE HOTEL Furnished room?
$2.00 per week and up. 377
FOR RENT Two housekeeping
rooms. 49 O. K. Street. 33S
Miscellaneous
FOR TRADE My 320 acres close ir.
for Warren District property. Good
grass, shallow water, good bouse, n
bargain. Box 2357 BUbee. 9?.
TO LET. CONTRACT 100 feet Arm
ing, Irish Mag lease. For particu
lars call at Room 3, Bank of Bisbee
building. MonUay, 18th J. McGregor
, Secretary. 941
J SEE MISTRESS DUFF McBRIDE at
I New Art Store for fancy dress mak
I ing, all work guaranteed. Phone 545
i 779
IL-USSARD CORSETS Kuit s.Hl ..
1 ALL CORSETS FITTED. Ove:
j ' Independent Fuel Store. Upne:
j JIaln. 23 i
RULED INDEX CARDS 5x3 inches'
i r. .i d; ,v tv . .
3U
; TYPEWRITER PAPER, good bond
; paper. 8 1-2x11. at $1.00 per 500
j sboets. Review Job Dept.
JWoneyto Loan
; $"0.000 TO LOAN an rmproved cltj
propertr r for building, on e.TST
! terms of payment. T. A. Hughes.
, over Bank of Bisbee. L'SS
SMALL quick loans on your personal
! noto to sal.iried men and women, al
so on furniture. Cox Loan Co. Room
2. Lyric Theatre building. 166
lyroreSaionaJ Cards
MADAME J. REA KEYS. St. Regis ho
' t.l. Lowoll. Ariz. Phone 62. Clair
1 voyant and crystal reader. Dead
' trance spirit medium born with a
double veil, without asking questions
' gives you dates, facts and figures,
and will read ycur entire life. 535
. DRS. NEAL AND BARNET. Veterin
arians, treat all kinds of animals.
1 Prompt attention to calls, day or
' nizlit, Lowell, Ariz Phones No.,
office No. 108, Neat's residence, 787.
Dr. Barnett, residence, 718 R-2. 427
WONDERFUL awakened medium,
1 Mrs. Lumpkin, Clairvoyant, gifts
: seeing, hearing, spiritual tliscern
' ment, describes friends, locates min
1 era! at distance, heals sick, diagnos
es disease. South of the bridge be
tween Johnson Addition and Lowell.
250
LOST
TX.'ST A ladies silver breast pin drag
cn fly shape. Leave at Smoke Houfe
reward $2. 876
Agents
FIVE bright, capable ladies to travel,
demonstrate and sell dealers; $25.00
to $50.00 per month; railroad fare
paid. Goodrich Drug Company, Dept
131. Omaha. Nebr. 549
AGENTS Make big profits sellin
our extracts, perfumes, cold creams,
face powders, spices, medicines, etr
Beautiful highgrade line. Exclusive
territory. Sample soap free. Lacai
sian Co., Df-pt. 95. St. Louis, Mo. 99
Wanted
MAN AND WIFE WANTED for worH
on ranch. Apply Miners .Market. S'J4
WANTED By young man employed,
room w ith sleeping porch or sleep
ing po.-ca will do. Box 150 care Re
view. 'SSI
v,v T';i rressunaking to do at
' dome. No. 3 Kruger Flats, Warren, j
651 ;
' WANTKD Men s washing, 211 rear ,
1 Mfli: Soda Works. 758
tt ,
THANKS RED CROSS j
1 ROME. March 16. General Alfieri, j
the minister of war. has sent letter ;
i of annrerkition to all the members of i
the American Red rross commission! j. u uivi., nesnier.
in Italy headed by Lieut. Baker and al-; First publication Feb. 28, 1918.
so to all the heads of services in the j
emergency commission led by Major , NOTICE OF THE APPLICATION OF
Cravson M. P. Murphy, who came tolTHfc. BIS3EE-WARREN COPPER
1 ... ...
Italy early in November The wr.r ,
minister praised the services of the
American Red Cross and expressed
hopes that the R?d Cross commissions
were the vangujd of a large represen
tation of the American army in Italy.
Legal Notices.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATipN
Department of the Interior
U. S. LAND OFFICE at Phoenix. Ar-;
iona, February 16. 1918. . ,ticn of its board of directors, has made j
NOTICE is hereby given that William ; application for patent for the follow -J
A i.yth. or Hereford. Arizona, who, on ing named lode mining claims, bearing :
Apiil 12, 1913, made Homestead Entry copper, goid and silver, situated in tht
No. 02212S, for N'.fcSWVi, SW.4SWU. I Warren Mining District of Cochist !
Sec. 23, SE';SE. Sec. 22. and on ; County, State of Ariiona. approxl '
April 17, 1916. made additional Hd. En-: inately in Section 18, Township 23 i
try No. 030078 for SV4NW, SEH South, Range 25 E., and Section 13 1
SW'4. Sec. 23 and NEV4NW4, Sec. 26 . Township 23 South, Range 24 East j
Township 22-S, Range 21-E, G. & S. R. ' (unapproved described as follows: j
B & Meridian, l as filed notice of in- j GOLCONDA "Beginning at Cor. No .
tcntion to make three year Proof, toil. the.N. W. Cor., whence the W. 1
establish claim to the land above de Cor. of Sec. IS, T. 23 S., R. 24 E., G. & (
svribed, before Jared D. Taylor, U. S. S. K. B. & M.. brs. N. 81 55' W. 157.9
Commissioner, at Bisbee, Arizona, on feet, thence S. 88 55' E. 1494.20 feel j
the 27th day of March, 1918. i to Cor. No. 2, the N. E. Cor. thenct j
fialmant names as witnesses: :3. 2" 24' W. 6'J0 feet to Cor. No. 3, tht i
john L. Parker, C. W. Perry. Columbus S. E. Cor., thence N. 88' 55' W. 1494.20 ;
ataitz, Moses . Stono, all of Her
fonl. Arizona.
JOHN L. IRVIX. Register
Pi' it Publication February 23. 191S.
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR.
V. S. Land Office. Phoenix, Arizona.
Tebruary 23. ISIS.
Notice is hereby given that Joseph
Stonis of Hereford. Arizona, who on
October 1G. 1S13, mada Homestead En
try No. 023537 lcr W 4 SW ,. S
NW 14. Sec. 33. Tp. 23-S. R. 21-K and
on October 23, 1513, made additional
homestead entry No. 02S636, for N
NW Vi and W V2 NE Section 33.
Township 23-S. Range 21-E, G. & S. R.
B. Meridian, has filed notice of Inten-
tion to make three year proof, to es-
tablish claim to the land above de-
scribed, before Jared D. Taylor, U. S.
Commissioner, at Bisbee. Arizona, on'
the first day of April, 1918.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Joseph Zaleski. Dayton L. Grahab.
Jr., both of Hereford. Arizona; Lewis
T. Wolfe, e3n Morgan, both of Garces,
Arizona.
JOHN L. IRVIX. Register
First Publication March 2. 191S.
Last Publication April 1. 1918.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of Interior.
U. S.
Land Office, Phcenix, Arizona,
February 25. 1018.
Notice is hereby given that George
W. Keahey of Bisbee. Arizona, who. 011
J', to ?Vm, ? rmT
.o3o'V0r S.V!ett,M 2' r"wn"
viJJ,- ?-2"S' kPaT ;5"FmG- &, ? , ?
Medidian, has filed notice of intsrtior
to make three year proof to establish 6 364 8cres and wth Sunghine ,ode ,
claim to the land above described, be- 0f this survey of 0.784 acres "
fore Jared D. Taylor, U. S. Commis-! CI.VIV . . :
sioner. at Bisbee, Arizona, on the first' , ,h v" 'T EeB'ning at Cor. No.
day of April 131S ' ' E- Cor-' w hence the W. '4
Claimant names as witnesses: ,f, S,ec;,1S, T' Sc- ,R". P E, '
Edward E. Thomas. Charles X. " b" 'N( ! 157 9
Thomas, both of Bisbee. Arizona; Aug-! 24 ' w- 150 fe to
ust F. Bornego, of Lowell. Arizna; 1' ! ,E' fC,r thee !'
Keller Hogan. of Bisbee. Arizona. . f 1 ' J-20 . Cr No- 3
inwv 1. twyiv ithR fa W. Cor., thence N. 2 24' E.
First Publication March 2. 1918.
Last Publication April 1, 1918.
u,i t,K ' Vttio '
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR U.
S. PATENT.
ENT.
Mineral Survey No. 3384.
S. Land Office. Phoenix. Arizona.
: u.
I
February 28, 191S.
Notice is hereby given that Samuel
Sutcliffe, C. W. Rambo and Carl Smith , thence S. 66 17' W. 668.20 feet to Cor.
whose postoffice addresses are B'.sbee. j No- 3- tne s- w- rr-' thence N. 2 24'
Arizona, have made application for a i E ir,0 ,ect to t,r- f- the N"- W. .
patent for the Winnebago lode mining 1 C(,r - thence X. 66 17' E. 668.20 feet
claim, situated in Warren Mining Dis- j to t or- No- the place of the begin-:
trict, Cochise Count', State of Arizo-lnin8. containing a netr area of 19.550;
na. in Sec.'ion 7. (unapproved) Town- j acres, expressly excluding area in con
ship 23. south, range 24 east. G. & S. I flic' witn Survey Xo. 2454. William B.
It. B. & M.. which claim is described Moore lode of 0.152 acres, and with !
as follows, to-wit: - (Suivey No. 3137 Jaca Pot No. 2 lode i
Beginning at corner No !. the S. E. of acres."
corner, whence the U. S. .4. M. No. 1.1 The location notices of these claims!
Warren Mining District bears S. 77 ! are recorded in the County Recorder's j
degrees 37 minutes east. 8754.1 feet, ! Office, Cochise County, as follows:
thence S. 61 decrees 26 minutes W. i Golconda Book 57, Record of Mines ;
fifi(ri-i ..t to corner No. 2. he S. W.
corner, thence X. 5 degrees 24 minutes
east. 1500.00 feet to corner No. 3. thej
X. W. corner, thence X. 61 degrees 26 '
T V"' l I I '
V" " 'J ; " " -;'v !
1, the place of the beginning, contain-1
in? net area of 17.136 acres.
The location notice of this claim is j
recorded in the County Recorder's of
fice. Ccchise County, State of, Arizona. !
i.s follows: Book 42, Record uf Mines, j
at rase 433. i
The names of the adjoining claims
are: North, Blue Bird, unsurveyed,,
owned by the Copper Queen Con. Mg.
Cciiijtuny; East, llis"ee Queen, unsur I
voyed, owned by C. W. Kainbo; South. !
White Bird, unsurveyed, owned by H.I
W. Clarkson and N. L. Hayden; West, j
Silver Lead, unsurveyed, owned by C. I
W. Rambo. i
- ri f l- 1 a
COMPANY FOR A UNITED STATES
PATENT
Mineral Survey No. 3390 j
U. S. Land Office, Thoenix, March 4, !
1918. ;
I .since is nereDy given inai me uis
bee-Warren Copper Company, a cor
jporation organized aud existing undei
ttie laws ot tne state 01 Arizona, wun
its principal office at the city ot Bis
hd ;. by its president and secretary
thereunto duly authorized by resolu :
fen. to Cor. No. 4, the S. W. Cor..
Ounce N. 2 24' E. COO feet to Cor. No. '.
'1. tuc place of the beginning, contain
! iiig a net area of 20.576 acres."
1 HOLD OVER "Beginning at Cor. :
No. 1. the N. W. Cor, whence the W. V, ;
C01. of Section 18. T. 23 S., R. 25 E.. ;
G. S. R. B. & M. brs. N. 11 55' W. '
C::3 -1 fact, thence S. S8S 55' E. 1494.20
feel to Cor. No. 2,the N. E. Cor.,
'.ht iice S. 2 24' W. 600 feet to Cor.
N 3. the S. K. Cor., thence N. 88 55'
y. 1434.20 feet to Cor. No. 4. the S. W.
Cor., thence N. 2 24' E. 600 feet to
Cor. No. 1, the place of the beginning
containing a net area or 20 576 acres "
HORSE SHOE "Beginning at Cor '
Nc 1. the S. W. Cor., whence the Cor :
for the S. W. Cor. of Sec. 18 and the ;
N. W. Cor. of Sec. 19 T. 23 S., R. 25 E.,
G. & S. R. B. & M. brs., S. 8' 25' W
S3S.2 feet, thence N. 2 24' E.. 600 feet!
to Cor. No. 2. the N W. Cor thence
S 8S" 55' E. 1494.20 reet'to Cor. No 3,
the N. E. Cor., thence S. 2 24' W
4SM.50 feet to Cor. No. 4, the S. E. Cor.!
thtnee S. 87 03' W. 1500.30 feet to'
Coi. No. 1. the place of the beginning.
.containing a net trea of 1S.7C7 acres.'
APEX "Beginning at Cor. No. 1,
the S. W. Cor., whence the Cor for the ,
S W. Cor., of Sec. 18 and the X. W.
Coi. of Sec. 19, T. 23 S.. R. 25 E., G. & I
S. R. B. & M. brs. S. 19 29' E. 870.9 !
feet, thence X. 12 27' E. 327.40 feet '
to for. No. 2, the N. W. Cor., thence
S. 87 IS' E. lonS.60 feet to Cor. No.
3. tbe N. E. Cor., thence S. 12 27' W.
400.70 feet to Cor. No. 4. the S. E. Cor., '
'thrnro v si
W. 1497.90 feet tc
Ccr- Xo' the Dlacc cf the Winning.
containing a net area of 5.279 acres
expresSly8excluding area in conflict
...th irnr ih ,
' l:r'! 'eet to Cor. No. 4. the N. W. Cor..
jtnence. 66- 17'
E. 668.20 feet to Cor
! No. 1. the place of the beginning, con-;
'tliai1' a net area ot 20.660 acres.- I
' ANCY HANKS "Beginning at.
Cci. No. 1, the N. E. Cor., whence the
. W 4 Cor. of Sec. IS, T. 23 S.. R. 25 E.. 1
G. iz S. R. B. & M. brs. N. 57 26' E.
; o4i4 feet, thence S. 2 24' W. 1500
' feVt to Cor- :- he S. E. Cor.,.
Page 105.
Hold Over Book 3S, . Record of
LODGE NOTICES
Cards of every fraternal order In the Warren District; giving the essential
facts of each, their meeting nights, th?ir officers and the place of gather
ing will be found uuder their respective headings in these columns.
BISBEE LODGE, NO. 718.
Meets every Friday night. Moose Hall
Visiting brothers cordially invited.
v a Tnvu'tv nir-ratnr
. ih .v..t ...... . . . i
KAY ROSS. Secretaire
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA,
DREADN AUGHT.
L. O. L. NO. 21a
meets In L O.
O. F. Hail first
and third
MONDAY at
7:30 p. m.
Visiting brdth.-'
tend.
Wm. T. SMITHAN, W. M.
ROBERT FERGUS, Secretary
P. O. Box 426, Bisbee.
BROTHERHOOD OF AMERICAN
YEOMAN
Richard L Homestead 895, meets
second and fourth Tuesday at Odd
Fellows' hall.. Visiting Archers are
cordially Invited.
MRS. C C. FINLAYSON, Foreman
P. O. Box 1526.
E. D. STIXSON, CorrespondenL
Box 149G.
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD.
Lowell Camp No. 46 will
meet every Wednesday
Afljl at 7:
ttM H. C
30, Brophy Nail.
C. LANDAU. C. C.
O. B. THOMAS, Clerk.
All Woodmen invited.
PYTHIAN SISTERS
Lily-Temple No. 3 meets every 2nd
and 4th Thursday evening of each
month at Odd Fellows HalL VlsiUng
sisters are cordially invited.
MINNIE BLUM. M. E. C.
Phone Black SSL
IDA GLAZE, M. of R. C.
Phone Black 420
WARREN MINING DISTRICT
CHAPTER AMERICAN RED CROSS
Executive committee meets second
md fourth Weduesdays of each month
it Y. M. C. A. All members urged to
neet and confer with committee after
ach regular 'meeting.
Mines. Page 4G3.
Horse Shoe Book 30, Record of
Mines. Page 330.
Apex Book 37, Record of Mines,
I'ae 431. 0
Sunshine Book 30, Record of Mines
?age 332.
Nancy Hanks Book 30, Record of
Mines. Page 331.
The names of the adjoining claims
ire: North Survey No. 33S9, Carbon
te. Copper Werlse and Sulphide lodes.
5uivey No. 2425. Delta lode. East,
Jurvey Xo. 33S3, Wildflower lode, Ar
il Forge and Copper Era lodes, uusur
vejed, owned by John Fitzpatrick.
South, Copper Era lode, unsurveyed,
iwiied by John Fitzpatrick. Survev
No. 2454 Vic Roy and William B.
Moore lodes. West Survey Xo. 3137.
i"ack Pot Xo. lode. Survey No. 33S9
bonate lode.
1 he official survey of said mining
alalia being Mineral Survey Xo. 3330.
J. L. IhVIX. Register,
irst Publication March 8, 1918.
Jin Publication May 17. 1918.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior
J. S. LAND OFFICE at Phoenix. Ari
:ona. February 9, 1918.
NOTICE is hereby given that Thomas
. Jackson.-of Hereford, Arizona, who,
n January 23. 1913. made Homestead
Cntry No. 021012 for the SV4 of Sec
ion 35. and on August 17. 1917, made
idditional Homestead Entry No.
36ci59. for SEli, Section 35. Township
?2 S, Rang-? 21-E, Gila & Salt River
'Jase Meridian, has filed notice of
'mention to make three year Proof, to
establish claim to the land above de
scribed, before W. A. Fowler, U. S.
Commissioner, at Tombstone. Arizona,
n the 19th day of March. 1918.
Claimant names as witnesses:
larry S. Ross, of Tombstone. Arizona,
leorge W. AUwood. Robert Reay, John
1 Dinwidilie. all of Hereford. Arizona.
JOHN L. IRVIN. Register.
7irst publication February 16. 1318.
Adv. 204
mi:
1 .f
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED AMERI
j CAN MECHANICS.
Meets in Medigovicl
Hall, second and fourth
Tuesdays each month.
Visiting brothers wet
come.
mm
jS. F. BENTON, Councillor.
' J. L. BENTON, Recording Secretary.
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS.
Rathbone Lodge No. 10.
Knights of Pythiaa.
meets each Thursday
(except second) in Odd
Feflows Hall at 7:30 1
p. m. Visiting brothers
cordially invited.
.
V-!V'
K .s. . TT.-.
- - - A
.A
LEON H. RICE, C. C
EARL SOBLEY. K. of R. S.
FRATERNAL ORDER OF EAGLES.
Bisbee Aerie, No. 175, F. O. E., meets
first and third MONDAYS, 8 p. m..
a8les Halt Visitors cordially wel-
1 r. r t.uc.Rau., oecreiary.
LC. L. EDMONDSON, Aerie Physician.
LODGE NO. 671.
Regular meeting first and third Fri
day of each month. Visiting brothers
cordially Invited to attend.
R. E. WARNER, Exalted Ruler.
J. A. KELLY, Secretary.
KNIGHTS AND LADIES OF SECUrT
TY, BISBEE COUNCIL NO. 2115.
Meets every second aad fourth Sat
urdays in the month at I. O. O. F.
Hall. 7:30 p. m. Visiting members are
cordially invited.
4RXOLD SCHMID. President.
P. O. Box 34S3, Lowell. Art.
FREDERICK J. ATTAWAY.
Secretary. Lowell.
E. LIXDQUIST. Financial Secretary.
P. O. Box 3246, LowelL
BIS3EE LODGE, NO. 10, I. O. O. F.
meets every
JXj t"V WEDNESDAY
"s. evening at Odd
Fellows' Hall,
Main street, at 7:00 o'clock. Visiting
brothers cordially invited to attend.
Hall phone 119.
H. R. TAYLOR, N. G.
CARL V. NELSON, Secretary.
ORDER OF EASTERN STAR.
meets in Masonic Ha'.-
Ceail Chapter, Na. 6, meets
in Masonic Hall second ana
fourth Tuesday of eac
.month at 7::; o m
MRS. EMMA WOODS. W. M.
Phone 161, Box 43, .Bisbee
MRS. JESSIE BEVAN, Sec'y. P. O.
Box 2299, Chairman Relief Com.
Phone 161.
WEEK EXDIXG MARCH 23.
Mr.ntUy -Tuesday
Wednesday
i'i inursuay
tfvU Friday
fS Saturday
W. W. GIDLEY. W. M
B. T. WATKIXS. Sety. F. & A. M.
S. W. TOLAXD. E. H. P.
C. F. PHILBROOK, T. L M.
F. E. BENNETT. E. C.
F. S. DAVENPORT. Secretary Chap
ter and Commandery.
W. R. BANKS, Secretary Council.
J -n T. F. B.
S J2Crki?l FRATERNAL
A-v'-AV.J BROTHERHOOD
bee Lodge No.
meets the 1st
'ii and 3rd Monday
V of each month at
7:30 at Medigo-
I "V vlch HalL Visit
ing members cordially invited.
PHIL DAVIS. President
MRS. C. E. F1NOTTL Treasurer.
Box 722. Tel. 236. Red.
KATHHRINE SALHOLM. Secretary.
MODERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA.
Bisbee Camp No. 13415.
Meets first Tuesday at
Odd Fellows' Hall.
R. L. MOTZ. Consul.
II. t MATHEWSON,
Clerk.
BjCA. V01GHT
Si. u THE EISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MARCH 17, 1918.
r
WEEKLY NEWS LETTER YOUNG :
HEN'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION j
OF WARREN ISHNING DISTRICT j
rrrm-y- r vtvT Yr - v 2 id y fe
EIGHT
51 i jl
M
1 1)
Word is just received from New
York that Rev. J. E. Fry is about to
sail for overseas commission. Only a
few months ago Rev. Fry made appli
cation to Mr. Richardson for army
work, and immediately a wire was
sent to the southwest headquarters di
vision recommending Mr. Fry. and in
a few weeks' time the frock coat was
exchanged for the army khaki and ho
was installed as building secretary at
Fort Bliss, Tex. Now he is ea roure
to France. The association membei
fhip is glad to send such nrepresenta
tive and bid him godspeed in his great
embassardf-.hip.
The Spanish ciab helJ its regular
meeting on Wednesday . It is the in
tention of the officiaU to pet out no
tices of the subject before each meet
ing, so that all may come prepared
for it.
Jack Edmunds, who used to toil at
the Irish Mag, has had his fling oafuu
for a month or so at home, and then
Se joined the navy. He Is supposed
ta be cruising about fciacwhsre near
the English coast.
in honor of the several hundred men
who have left their homes, friends,
occupations and the fellowship of the
association and gone into the service
of their country. Capt. Schwab of the
33;h infantry will make the address,
and Arthur Notman, president of tiie
association, will present the flag to
association. Special music will be fea
tured. Phil Davis, the Y. M. C. A. plumber,
Is happy, the reason being tie deliv
ery, after 16 months' waiting, of Im
portant parts for one -of the shower
baths in the big bathing establishment.
The association is in receipt of a
letter from Thomas Peterson. Vben
the war started Peterson was anxious
to get "over there." He joined the
marines as the surest and quickest
way ever. "Pete" is stationed at
the naval torpedo station, Newporv,
R. I.
The Travel club will hold a meeting
tonkin at 7 o'clock.
Another lecture is stationed for
April 3.' An entertainer and magician,
the kind that will entertain and keep
you smiling from the time the cur
tain gees up until the benediction is
' said.
Word has reached the "Y" that its . The fclowing ladies served at the
old basketball star, Byron Thomas, has membership get-together hist Wedrien-j
obtained a transfer from the navy to day evening and have the thanks for j
the naval aviation service. Byron re- the splendid dinner extended the 96 :
cently passed the mechanical exami- fellows who "Hooverired" by return-,
nation of this department with flying ir.z clean plates: Mesdames Houston, j
colors. Richardson. Thomas, Mitchell, pnd j
Misses Watkins. Perry ,Quinn ana
The members of the volleyball cluo Behler.
are begining to think they are some;
players and are ready to play either ; pr. q. R. Black, perhaps the most !
the 8 o'clock or the 5 o'clock club a wejj en(j favorably known member ot
match game. The members or this the association, has gone to the front. 1
club are J. J. Schuppe. R. H. Rogers, tj0Ci unt:i oe was married recently. 1
J. M. McFarlan, G. A. Graves, P. lived in the Association building Tor'
Neeper, H. Duncan, M. Mirka, Rube n,cre tnan four years, and during all
Martin, A. J. Hill and D. DeLape. ;Cf tnat period was very active in coni-
' mlttee service, and was chairman or .
Jack Reilly, 158 pound champion oi the social committee for more than j
Bisbee. left for Deming to fight the' three years. He did not wait for the
colored champion of the southwest, draft, but volunteered In the medica!
"Speedball" Hayden, on St. Patriot a corns and has been sent to Camp
day a 15-round bout. This is to decide Kunston. The association extends ;
which is the best man to match witn boo and best wishes in this'
Kebell, the champion of the 13th car- important service of the army depart
airy. ' menL
I
Boys' Department
One of the features of the last stmu
night held in the gymnasium wan
given by some of the boys of tne j
J. Theo Marks of Cananea, Sonon,t
Mexico, dropped in at the local "Y".
rather unexpectedly last Tuesday
evening. . Mr. Marks was formely a
resident of Bisbee, where be leased
on the Copper Queen, and
employed at me a. iui skin snake tne of wa, and re,ay ;
time. He is now one of the head npe Henry stodghill captained one i
mechanics at the 4 C. at Cananea ana Bjde and j fc Landrum the other,
remits everything in the Souora camp The boys particjpating ,ere Barl
to be in fie shape. Morse, Robert Brereton, Clayton Rey-
nolds, Richard Means, John Watter-
Several hundred men attended the.goni j;iev GilmanKarry Melburu.
Men's Sunday club last Sunday aftei- Albert Goldbaum. iSPuucev Mitchell,
jioon and were very much interesteo Alvin Williams, Horace Southard and,
in the address delivered by Dr. C. W. Harry Downs.
Harshman of the Methodist churcf..
and also the Fellowship Bible uoy j Arrangements are being made for a
club, where tne Rev. Knshbaum ot , tournament in the boa- de-!
the Presbyterian churcn compieteu ii nar,m, -.rh fnt, h ,riv.
presentation of the "Great W ar.
R. C. Webler,
at the Y. M. C. A.,
, partment. A watch fob will be give-
to the winners. Seven boys have now ;
. , signed up. As soon as 12 boys have i
wrestling Instructor . A th tnllrn,mpn, wlll ketin This l
- " - i
and Ernest Dixie,
tournament will be conducted the
a new wrestling arusi in iue a.i.; 8aTne ag a tennIs tournament. The ,
are making arrangements for a ma.cn boy9 wLo haye siffned up for the con ;
to be pulled off in the near mure. . Georse Gregovich, Jame Mul-1
, 7 .. , . , len. Joe Cain, Eddie Clement. Earl1
Wallace Badger has enlisted in tae Bres phI, NowHn and Howaro !
319th engineers. He is setting sail on ,
the evening train for San Francisco.. '
Samuel Margolies has joined Uie ! Nineteen were present at the regn-,
Samuel Margoiies nas j also'Ur weekly meeting of the Hi-Y cluo
business Englsh class. .He ta also x President i
earT,arvrmach?ne Bob Thomas conducted the taurines I
Honal secretarys machine. session. Mac. H. Donaldson. educ? ;
. . i.,,,- m,j. .o mjil't'onI director of the association, was 1
Every effort Is being : made to l eT ev
?ff,,a fl L? hu?un to the prel ton and Mrs. Parish served the dinner
ball wtih Doug as. but officers of the cli.D
enLl.!."J'?r"r;;V; f,, are: Arnold Paldwin. president;
tTcome 'thralVnoSgrthe Saielter ZSuEZZ.
f : .i , rh.imH snnremacv la ' w ' v fl
viij 066' it-ern
both of these popular spons.
Dr. Walter C. Nason. one of the newjarms.
Phelps Dodge physician, joined the'
association a few cays ago. ne k.
great traveler and is very much in
terested in sports, and games.
Bob
Bur
Lester
lFerrell. secretary; John Brownl'e.
! treasurer; F. A. Kopf, sergeant-at-
The many friends of Joe (or "New
York Life") Hall will be glad to leant
that he is expecting to visit hre
friends here the latter part of tni
month, foe is a corporal in the artil
lery at Camp Funston. He will be
here on a two weeks' furlough, after
which be hopes to spon leave for
France.
MILITARY POLICE
WATCHAMERICANS
(Correspondence Associated Press)
i WITH THE AMERICAN ARMY IN
! FRANCE. March 1. Military police
The first meetibg of the Electric now travel on all the trains running
Inh was held on Tuesday with aa between Paris and various points of
Mttpndanrn of six. The subject, "Wha;the zone cf the American army.
Is Electricity?'
Their
was ablv handled by sole duty U to see to it that members
v r i.vrr.an whn has had much pra-'of tiie American expeditionary force
tical expereince with an electric busi- donot travel without authorization. I
ness of bis own. . ine poncing oi ra'iruaua ujr in-ir;p
can military authorities was made
Harold Thomas is In the naval avla- necessary by 6o many soldiers slip
tion and is stationed at Camp Perr.;ping away to' "see Paris" without per
in Hi has a chief's rating and is mission. There was nobody to stop
charge of l.r0 men. He will soon taxe them, so they simply boarded Paris-
w ml M
ilii i Mil
lJ :i:i.i;:i:tj v-TUiii-Ti-.rnntiOT Din
m Am-
M
The New Skirts
Make Their Spring Bow
This showing of skirls is widely
var'ed; for, within its scope, are mod
els for all occasions of wear. They
are built upon straight lines with
tunics and overskirrs; a few, however
shew side drapes which are prod'ioed
by means of tucks.
Materials are of satin, taffeta, foul
ard, tussah, tricotine, serue, jersey,
,-rotton gaberdine, piques and others in
fluiet and loud colors and striking combinations.
Tuesday the curtain3 will be drawn in the Theatre of Fashion. You will
be introduced to a new kingdom of Spring Styles here staged for the guid
ance of all women, especially these more kcen!y " interested in knowing and
studying the new rishion feauire which have lnn j.-r.om: fur the cvproai huig season.
To .11 women, we extend a most cordial im;.:u:ou io iitteiid this showing of Spring Styles ana
learn from personal observation just how fitting! tne new d'V,iKiis and creations meet your in
dividual taste In matters cf dress.
The New Millinery Is Fall of Springtime Charm
Originality niark3 the new hats and gives t::em dUtiiu iion. Nev s'.?ape3 are not as numerous
perhaps as are the many variations of old favorites in piquant turl;ans, smart mu.shroo-ns and
sleek lcoking sailori. k
Deft touches are added by bits of color givtn to ihem by some unique feather fantasy,
cloth flower or the use of some novel braif.ing. !!rinn themselves are incorrigable some flare
up, others roll pnd mtny flop laily with every turn of the head.
IM New" Waists
The Favored Spring Styles
These are the garments which have
already won their way to popular fa
vor ar.d which will be greatly desired
for wear this season with the one but
ton suit-jacket, and separat skirt.
They are. in dressy, tailored and
semi-tailored styles bedecked with low
flat collars, and long peplums. Fash
ioned with satin, crepe de chine, sheer
si!k crepe and lace trimmed cotton in
f'.esh. white, plain colors and contrast
ing shades.
The New Spring Dresses I New Suits for Spring New Coats for Spring
Are Extremely Pleasing
The slender silhoutte still dominates, but this is some
times relieved by pleasing effects of sasb and girdle to
gether with tunics, pleated or gathered, long or short, oc
casionally displaying Uie use of side drapes. ' ,
Materials favored are taffetas, foulards, serges, gaber
dines and jerseys in blue .gray, tan and other. Spring
shades. Plr.ids and mystic designs appear in many of the
silks. Combinations of color and fabric are very promin
ently displayed. ;
D'splay cf Slim Silhouette
The unfolJia ; of tiie new Suit styles offers mucrt ct
fashion interest this season.1 The Eton ja kct is placed
high in popular favor and the strictly tailored Suit with
which can be fom a waistcoat or vestee, holds a promin
ent p!?.e among the lutest creations. Tunic panels, over
skirts, t:crs, etc., are well developed in the skirts.
Jerseys, velours, tricotir.es, gaberdines, serges and
few other materials are most fuvorej in many shades ot
beige, blue, gray and tan.
The New Spring Corsets
Now Invite Your Inspection
The Spring Corsets are created upon lines that will accentuate the slender lines cf
Jhe new apparel to reveal the charm of the slim, youthful looking silhouette.
At the beginning of each season is the time to select one's corsets. Our present as
semblage consists of models with high and low busts, short and long hips, front or back
laced; made cf batistes and coutiis, appropriately trimmed with embroidery and lae. One
of the novelties appears in a model with slightly higher bust for special type of figure
adapted for wear while performing different forms cf work in which present conditions
have induced or compelled women to engage.
Are Strikingly Simple
The new Coats for tiU season are generally shorter in
length tl.an they have beta, in the past because of the con
servation orders of the day. The silhoutte is a straight line
effect and in the majority of models, the length is design
ed to leave several inches of the skirt in view. Most all
are gathered somewhat at the waistline using one of varied
types cf belts.
Serges, gabardines, velours, tricotines and other good
coatings are to be seen in tan, beige, .ray, blue and many
other contrasting anj'plain fhaiies.
New Silks and Dress Goods
Ready for New Spring Wear
This showing of colorful fabrics is an inspiring sight to every woman and miss who
seeks new materials for hfr Spring wardrobe requirements. There is a wealth of mate
riel here, each different fabric suggestive of some becoming indoor or outdoor frock,
bi.iu-e other wear thing.
Many new patterns are seen, revealing the artistic criminality of America's foremost
fa'iric designers. Tiie color combinations, too, are strikingly original and ail are in tune
wi-h the Springtime season.
This is the reason when nearly every woman begins to feel a revived interest in the
extent cf her wardrobe. Your inspection invited.
We Are Showing the
New Glove Styles
For Spring Wear
There's a wonderful assemblage of
them here eager to impart to you the
style news you desire most. All the
most wanted Spring colors are here
including white and blacx. and they
are priced from 75c to $1.50 a pair.
Kayser Silk Gloves for children in
wrist and elbow length from 65c to 75c
t. pair.
Van Raalte Veils
Here are the new.Spring Veils of ev
ery pattern and color, each with a
distinct Van Raatte touch that sets
them apart, as different. Every veil
style is repreesnted with a range of
designs.
Every complexion, every hat, every
costume has its true vei affinity at
our veiling counter.
Veiling in black, white and colors.
35c to $1.50 a yard.
Slip-on veils In sanitary envelopes,
25c each.
Auto veils in all shades in jersey
u!K and washable chiffon, $1.25 to
$6.25 each.
As Favored for Spring
New Petticoats' ,
Fashion and the war made the slim
silhouette the favored style for Spring
and In consequence petticoats are
shrinking, sliai and scant to conform
with the requirements of style. Their
beauty, however. Is not marred, for
materials are especially good. Many
are made in clever combination of
colors, with ruffles, plaits and even
embroidered motifs to relieve the
straight lines. Let us show you these
in particular.
Watch Our BARGAIN BOOTH Main Entrance
Special Surprise CHerings Every Day
Prudent' shoppers center your attention here every day is a day of eco
nomy surprise at our Bargain Booth.
Only values extraordinary are offered on the "Bargain Booth" and
all offerings are worth coming many miles Tor. Read carefully the items list
ed below.
Monday Housekeepers' Sale
Turkish Towel Special, 10c, 15c, 20c, 25c and 35c worth double.
Fillow Cases heavy quality, Special 23c each.
72x90 Seamless Sheets, $1.35 value, Special $1.00.
72x9 Fancy Crochet Bed Spread, $2,03 Value, Special $1.95.
Buy Your Easter Footwear Now for $5.00
A big Easter offering of women's high shoe j. We have several hundred pairs of these shoes.
They are right up to the minute styles.
An event in which only the very best footwear is offered a( prices
much below the usual. Only as a result of a very fortunate trade op-
llfl L U 1111 1 K I V. W 1.H11- . fc.l.-' 11. 1 . 1 ....... . . i
Women who buy these shoes will be delighted with the values and
the style, for we have. not sold such smart footwear for so low a price
heretofore. In a good range of sizes.'
We have also added a number of broken lines from our regular
stock to make the assortment more complete.
Come early and get fitted correctly. Included are values up to $9.00
on sale at - - $5.00
A IH on sale at - - $5.00 ; j
See the Latest
Spring Styles
Displayed in Our
Show Windows
U. S. Food Administration License Number G-13942
A Word About
New Shoe Styles '
Low shoes will be very popular and
much desired for wear this Spring and
Summer. Tie styles wjiich have al
ready been approved and accepted are
the ones that we now invite you to
see. ,
They ere made of all leather, all
fabric, or fahric and leather combined.
In plain shades and stunning novelty
effects, and are fitted with "Louis"
and "Novelty" heels. This estenslve
and first showin? will be of consider
able style Interest to all.
New Wearables
New Shoe Styles
They are as ftyllsh looking as any
of the garments designed for the
"irown-l"ps." they are made up in a
wealth of rich, serviceable materials
and are moulded upon lines that are
simple, slender and straight.
You Must Agree That Smart
Hosiery Is Essential
Spring brings low shoes to the fore
and pretty Hose must accompany
them. Our present displays comprise
ail the foremost colors and patterns
that have received Fashion's approval,
together with ail the staple stockings
of black, white, tan and gray. Surely
every whim may be satisfied from our
'stock because qualities are so good
and prices are so moderate. Nearly
every pair we sell Jias reinforced sale,
toe and heel, while each individual
pair his distinctive characteristics
that make it so desirable.
See the Latest
Spring Styles
Displayed in Our
Show Windows
his examination for an engineer
is very enthusiastic about tue
ice.
Ke
r.erv-
Wednesday and Friday nights at o
o'clock are the regular hours for bor
ing 8nd wrestling. Those proven on
Wednesday, night were R. C. Webber,
Roy McAlister. Johnnie Hughes. A. J.
Hill, Ernest Dixie, W. F. Freenan.
k. loin, i iiap r,n nf Kniiru 1 TURKS JttUfT Brvu ceions oe was rescuea. JU v.uim-u
they were reported absent without j fBv Review Lensed Wlrei -nd several soldiers held on to the
leave and when they returned toTjeirl PETROGRAD, March 16. Turkls'i sides of the boat until destroyers came
commands were punished. j troons are reported to have occupied up. Most of the passengers were be-
Tliere were many men. sent to some the entire Baku region in the Caucasus low the deck at the time of the collis-
lr.t?"lv French vil!.-s3 direct from the It is also reported that German-Ukrain- ion )ut hurried .ip when the Rathniore
port of debarkation, who were quite ian troops are continuing operations m was FirucK on tne port neam
c-Ai-tpi in a lew cases, me p.iwri.-
note that the average per capita Is
less th m in 1SK3. when the rraft cost
was S9 M.
wi:ilng to taKe so::ie punisnmeni in i ouumr-m nu3U, Ku. i. ... ... .
exchange for a few days in the capi- direction of Orsha and Mohilev. An
tai important enemy column is said to
Now the military pclire have put I have occupied Tchernigov.
The date of the arpearanee of Miss sn enj to it. rr.d Incidentally they are
Ida Tarbeil, the most interesting ana th envy of many other men ir the I Baku, near the southern end of the
perhaps the moat popular woman r-.rmy. for they do cet into Paris nt Caspian Sea. is the center of one of
speaker on the American platform to- leat once every 35 hours. They j the most productive petroleum dis
day. has been set for Yareh 28. This usually have four or five hours of fre-, tricts in the world,
i. An r the regular Lyceum ana dr.ra In tie city and then return to
entertainment course numbers, and is the army zone on another train, ask
free to the membership of the asso- In every American who hardens to
ciation and their families. jbe aboard for his authorization to
I : travel.
Today i the Red l etter Dav at ! Stray soldiers usually are j.l-ked up
Uie association. Tie enor-r.oui serv- and arrested after pay days. At other
ice flag recently purchased by tne times not many are found,
association will be unfurled to the
breeze?, and a special com-; Bt,lt" " '
gers were well behaved. The mn ad
hered to the rule of women am' chil-
HrpTW first vhan Ik. hn.ill ,'ori) InvAf.
. i .oi t n the hiah seas.
1 the firvt trial disatrroed and was dis-
.iulce l.'ose in the I'nited
TO TRY SLAV AGAIN.
BALTIMORE. Md.. March 14 F.l
wa.'d Otis a Russian, will undergo a
second trial on tbe charge of tam
pering with the Instruments of navi,;
t tion abrard v. I'nited Sta'es trans-
hiah seas. The jury in
Always Have PERUNA f
RECRUITING COSTS
I
lobby
memoration service will be conducted
BRING RESULTS.
THRILLING ESCAPES
(By Review Leaned Wire)
DCBLIN. March 16. The passen
gers tnd crew of the steamship Rath
more, which collided with a trawler in
St. George's channel Friday night
had many thrilling experiences
One of tbe survivors says he and
several others were in a boat rvhich
capsized. He swam about for an hour
It his cost 54.22 a man to recruit
in Arizona for the national arm--. This
figure Is somewhat lower than the av
erage over the nation. In California
IcharreJ by
, States district courts.
CUT FLOUR ALLOWANCE )
PALLAS, Tex.. March 16. A flour;
allowance of six pounds for thirty days ,
per individual was ordered by the fed- j
the cost -a $4.41. in New Mexico eral food administration for Texas 1
$6 24, I'tnh $:t.?5, and Texas $.1.8S. The Responsibility for equitable distribu- i
smalest states seem to have L-en tion was left wi'.h retiilers. Retailers
among the most costly. In Delaware are permitted to sell consumers thirty ;
the expense was $19 ier man, in Ver- d:iys supplies on a basis of six pounds j
mont $1.1.12, and in Rhpde Island $13. per person provided the total does not'
In the big state cf North Dakota it exce?d'seventy percent of tho consum-j
was only $1.S3. It is interesting to.er's normal requirements. I
Mrs. U A. Patterson. 1399 Kentucky
St, Memphis, Tennessee, writes:
1 have been & friend of Peruna
for many years. I have used It off
and on for catarrhal complaints and
found it a very excellent remedy.
I have a small family ot children.
Times are bard with us, but I can
scarcely afford to do wittout Peru
na, especially during the season of
the year when coughs and colds
are prevalent We always recom
mend Peruna to our neighbors, for
the benefit it baa been to us."
For
Couchs
and Colds L
AIM M
Home. Recommend
It to Our Neighbors.
These who object to liquid medi
cine can procure Peruna Tablet.
THE DAILY REVIEW WANT AOS' BRING RESULTS