On) &
WEATHER
Wednesday unsettled
and colder: rain north
portion; Thins, cloudy.
JUfi
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service.
VOL. 20. No. 261.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY MORNING, APRIL 10, 1918.
PRICE FIVE CENTS'.
sot
r
V
GERMANS MAKE
SUDDEN DRIVE
Oil NEW Mi
Germans Declare
Three Towns Are
Taken by Troops
Portugese and British Lose
Advanced Positions When
Enemy Attacks Fiercely
After Heavy Cannonade.
WITH THE BRITISH ARMY IN
FRANCE, April 9. (By the Associat
ed Press) Another sector of the
British theatre suddenly developed
intense finning today, when the Ger
mans delivered a heavy attack over
approximately an eleven mile front!
between Givenehy, La Bassee and a;
point east of Fleurbaix Just below,
Armnetieres. A Portugese sector is!
. included In the line involved. East
of Le Plantin and east of Petition
'the enemy appeared to have gained a
footing in advanced defences, accord
ing to the latest reports and a fierce
battle was raging all along the sec
tor. Le Plantin is northwest of Giv
enchy and Petition lies to the east of
Laventie. ,
At Givancby and on the left of the
front attacked the allies apparently
are holding their ground in the very
heavy fighting which was reported to
be especially bitter east of Festubert. ;
Tiie Portugese were being supported
by British troops.
The attack was preceded by a viol
ent bombardment which began in the
early morning and extended all along
the front affected. Bethune, Estaires
and other towns behind the Br.'Jsh
lines have been heavily shelled.
It is too early to say what relation
this new move has with the main Ger
man offensive further south. Only
time mill tell whether it was under-1
taken as a diversion or whether the :
enemy has a serious idea of pushing
' forward here.
CTlv Review T,enl Wire)
BERLIN, viaj London. April 9.
The war official communication
Issued today says:
"On the south bank of the
Oise the troops of Generals Von
1 Schoeller and Wichisra again
have attacked the enemy.
"Between the Oise and Folem
bray they advanced across the
Aiiette and far as the Oise-Aisne
canal and captured the wood east
of Guny. Attacking from the
north and east of Couey-Le- Cha
teau fell early this morning."
"North of La Bassee canal we
penetrated into English and Por
tugese position.
"On the southern bank of the
Oise we threw back the enemy
across the Oise-Aisne canal be
tween Coucy-Le-Chateau and
Prancourt."
BEAUTIFUL AMIEXS CATIIEDrAl '
. MARK TO TEMPT GUNS OF, ENEMZ
American Troops j
Have Not Fought
I In Great Battle
PREMIER ARGUSES BRITISH
MEASUREPROPOSES
i :
, ft hi tt ,
4 I
T8
TO MAKE PRICE OFi $mm $
dlLVLIt 01 UUKIL
Proposed To Melt 250,000,
000 Dollars Into Bullion
For Sale and Export; Estab
lish Standard Price.
1L:
i j'- -U :t- .w
IRv R.'Vf t.";i!"'.! Wii-
WASHINGTON. April 9.
' American troops have not yet
gone into battle in Plcardy. act
ing secretary of war rowell an
nounced tonight in an address to
the National conference of Amer
ican lecturers.
He added, however, that indic
ations are that in the near future
General Pershing's men will be
artively opposing the Germans in
their supreme effort on the west
ern front.
T'ie purpose of the German
high command in its thrust. Mr.
("rowell said, is to drive a wedge
between the British and French
armies, roll up the former force
to the sea and capture the Chan
nel ports. No Bavarian or Aus
trian troops have been employed
in the battle, the speaker assert
ed, the German leaders depend
ing upon the Prussian troops, the
flower of their army, to carry
through to victory.
"The situation" will be serious
for a long time," Mr. Crowell
declared.
TELLS OF
PIC
MAY
IRE S
BUTTLE
T
LM
(By Review Leaned Wire
LGNPON. April 9. David
Geor.ie. Ibe Itriiish prime minister,
torlav made the boldest stroked his
land ere it is finallHy exhausted there
Lloyd will be many more.
I 'The fate of the empire, the fate of
l Europe and the fate of liberty through
; out tnc world may depend on the suc-
career bv coupling home rule for Ire-1 cess ith which thr very last of these
land with the conscription of Irisli-i atlacKs is resisted and countered.
men.
This unexpected disclosure in an ad
dress bv the primier in the house of
"The government, therefore, propos
es lo submit to parliament today cer
tain recommendations in order to as
sist this country and the allies to
SAMMY
N
JEERS
ADMIT GROUND GAINED.
(By Review Leased Wire)
LONDON. April 9 In their new at
tack on the British line between La
Bassee and Armentieres, the Ger
mans today gained ground in the
neighborhood of Nenve Chapelle. Fau-
tjuishart and Cardonnerie farm, the of-
(By Review Lea..-5 Wire)
WASHINGTON. April 9. Writing !
int3 bullion of not more than 250,000,- j
COO silver dollars now in the treasury i
for sale and export to pay trade bal-!
ances for the repurchase of silver at j
t an ounce, is proposed in an admin- i
istiation bill introduced today by Sen-j
ator Pittman as an emergency war;
measure. Silver certificates would be j
withdrawn from circulation as the dol-j
lars 8re taken from the treasury and '
federal reserve bank notes of new $1 1
and' $2 denomination substituted: j
If enacted, the measure virtually
would fix a standard price for silver
at SI an ounce, several ceiits aove
The cathedral at Amiens, the obiective ot the enemy in their efforts tn
i cut off the transportation end communications of the allied feces, is one
of the oldest and most beautiful in France ami as such would be a tempting
targ-et to the foe in their love of vandalism and depredation.
VVARRE
DISTRICT
LIBERTY BOND
FIRST THREE LINES OF HUN
BARRAGE EIRE Or
CAMPAGN CAPTURES
TRENCH
ru,ij '
tonight announces.
jthe present market price, and stabilize j More Than $200,000 Already Subscribed, Workers Report;
The statement reads: u,w orlu ula"'e'- lUB 1 ",lcu
"This morning after an Intense sta,e8 Pdu'es almost half of the
bombardment or our position from ! totaI- Tb bH1 aIso js tended to
1 Bas?ee canal to the neighborhood ! simulate silver production, and to
nf irmcnirr.. trr.no- wnu fnr, o i use the treasury's reserve stock of
attacked the Pritish and Portugese I tbat metal, instead of gold, to settle!
- ui.i; .i.:.. , r .... this pnnntrv's commercial trade bal-'
uuurn iitjiuiiig mis sciiur ui uur .
Public Demonstration Announced for Thursday After
noon; Postoffice Force Sets Patriotic Example for Entire
State to Follow.
front. Favored by a thick mist,
which made observation Impossible,
the enemy succeeded In forcnig his
way into the allies' positions in the
ances in the Orient and elsewhere.
Agree on Price of $1 I
In anticipation of action of congress, '
Raymond T. Baker, director of thej
neighborhood of Neuve Chapelle. Fau-' mint, has formulated, an agraement '
quissart and Cardonnerie farm." i with silver producer and dealers tq
"After heavy fiphting lasting 'sell to the governriient at the rate,
throughout the day the enemy sue-! The probable result would be for the'
reeded in forcing back the Portugese government to absorb the country's en-!
troops in the center and the British tire output, about 74,000,000 ounces!
troops on the flanks of the line of the ', last year. Officials have stated they '
river Lys, between Estaires and Bac ; would make arrangements to nupplyj
St Maur. ! quantities of silver to jewlers and;
"We held our cositions on both manufacturers reauirinsr it.
banks about Givenchy and Fleurbaix. j The bill would permit the secre
At both these latter places there was ' tary of the treasury to fix the selling
heavy fighting, but the enemy was re-; price of the government's silver, but j
pulsed. ! it is assumed this would be not less ,
"Richebourg-St Vaast and Laventie than 11. India, China and apan.need
have been taken by the enemy. silver most for coinage, and quantities !
"Severe fighting is continuing on also might be exported to South Amer- i
the whole of this front. lean countries and European neutrals :
"South of Arras only minor engage , whose trade balances are against the!
ments, in which we secured a few United States. India's requirements j
TWO DAYS' RESULTS
(Continued on Page Two
(Continued on Paice Three)
XT tttv nnTT" rrmn a rn nr a urn
I )
FRENCH LOSSES STAGGERING
WASHINGTON. April 9. There
is fo reason fbr discouragement
over the American aviation pro
gram in the view of officials re-Fp-Jtif
ible for the completion of the
aircraft and the training of flyers
needed by General Pershing.
1 his it was learned today author
Itatively. Is the feeling of war de
partment heads notwithstanding
the fact that they apparently are
contemplating an early reorganiza
, tioti of the government'! aircraft
production machinery.
Regarding American's airplane
program Acting Secretary of War
Crowell said there are more than
1.000 qualified American army fly
ers iu France and that 1.0(H) ma
chine;: have been procured from
t'.i.-; French and Italians.
Andre Tardieu. French high
commissioner to the United States
says 1.300,000 French soldiers
have been killed in action or died
of wounds and that another 1.000
Oiil have been maimed, invalided
or captured.
Warren district will more than go over the top.
This is the statement of workers who have been canvasing residents
of the district in the interest ot the third Liberty Loan.
This is the opinion gathered after two days of work by a few of the
thirty-odd committees which before the end of the week will be in the
field.
This is a statement predicated on results attained already.
More than $200,000 has already been pledged.
Before today is over it is probable that more than $.100,000 will have
been pledged.
Everywhere the committees have met with 1)0 per cent loyalty and
co-operation.
The first public demonstration of the drive will be held Thursday
afternoon, when in front of the postoffice" at 5 o'clock the first two at
least, probably the first three, and perhaps the first four German trenches
will be taken. Chairman J. N. Gaines will preside at the meeting and
direct the taking of trenches. A band will be on hand, and the meeting
will be a genuine demonstration of the district's patriotism.
The Bisbee postoffice has set a pace for the remainder of the coun
try by subscribing for more than $1000 in bonds and by showing again
the 100 per cent spirit of the district.
These, and other facts, are the outstanding features of the Liberty
Bond drive for this district in the past two days.
CANADIANS
AIDED
IN PICARDY FIGHT
en-
Hard Fighting As Am
can
Thousands of Germans.
(Hy Review I-easod W'ltel
erican railway engineers who helped i ;st
commons in presentins tne new con- j WeaH;. r the storm. Thev will involve
scription bill to parliament swept ; i iegret. extreme sacrifices on the
aside ail interest in the details of the nuri of large classes of the population
j conscription scheme which already . and l othing would justify them b-it
hud been forecast bv the newspapers the most extreme necessity and the
Ireland is the only subject talked fact that we are fighting for all thnt
! of tonitht. The only question asked j is essi-ntial and most sacred in our
'is how will the Irish parties and their i national life.
: British sympathizers take to th- n-w . World's Greatest Battle
!loli. ! "Hetore I come to the circumstances
1 Th , . r r ,rJ h , .wtti" l"'l up to our submitting these
, There was a tes, o strength in the . pIO(t.ais to ,)arliament I ought to
: house of commons when Joseph IVv- (ne worJ a9 wh iament
in. nationalist, ma le motion to ml- wa3 , llnmeuialely gumnloned., Sinre
J , , 7 the battle began the government has
dun mi i ir-u nu
i a brief debate
land Mrs. Devlin's motion was defeat
) ed by a vote of 320 to SO. A few
! nu..ifi. j .... t ..1 .. ilk rlis, n'lrl.inqlllu
red very
. , , - , , ' --nil,. , (1 I I H 1 CAUIIIUiaiKMI anil I
..e ; prpiiiiMl for self sven,ment fir;, ,here , ,njs advanfaee in our
meeting today, rather than immediate
ly alter the impact of the German at
tack that we shall be considering
,ern..iem men num-u ,e bMf. bef,aa fne KOVernlnent has
sure on his niotio after Le(.n enRaKe,, aI1M)!tt everv hmr in C1,
by a vote of .!1 lo hn. Certing with the allies the necessarr
ns motion was cleieat- iaBuie to assist the arum
of 320 to SO. A few ; A j,,. u.0 en,rgency.
with the nationalists. . .u-.h .
This pieliminarv vote means little.
., " . , .i . ii'.itrtij. to parliament .requn
j K..orytl.mg depamls on the nature of rl(!iC refu,
. r CL T1 r!n ' r'li'ii" 10 De aiiopteu. as me premier
uicoi uic.t.; uiiunn iui n5 , Mi( "without -violent controversy.
j The first impression was skepi ism
I as to whether the war cabinet coiild
-T- ci ,k J ' frame a measure which would stand
1IUJH UiOUglilCJCU:,,,,, lt,s, aI1(, fear tni(. ,he con.
itrv might be plunged asain into the'
i old fury of the Irish quarrel whil'
fichtms to- its liie against eneunes
;eiitsiii its walls. It was because of!:
tnis fear that tne Asquint government netted and reliable narrative of what
WITH THE AMERICAN ARMY IN : shelved the old hi-ni" rule act and the h irrci:. d. There has been a great
FR NCE. .Mondav. April 8. The Am-' nali""alis,s laxe blamed that shelving j battle on a front of fifty miles th-
, ., , , t tor tne laiiure o. more i! isnni'n in en-; greatest Dattle eer fought in the bij-
! t;'ry of the world. Enormous force..
these proposals under conditions that
would be far removed from any sug-
gestinn of panic.
"I shall now come to the circiun-
. stances which have led to the present
.military position. It is verv difficult
at IM time to present a Vlear. J -in-
Irish Assai Premier
steir. the tide of the onrushing Ger-J
mans ouniiK ine opening uas ot tne Thp atn,OSIhere in th- house of
battle now in progress fought shoulder ; commons did not foreshadow success,
to shncliler with ranndiHi. vnrinpvn Ktiiin his first sentence on Ireland.
in carrying out their task. Thev held ! ,he P" was assnilcd with what I '
. . , ,. . , j Reuters correspondent describes as i ... .
cm... ........ ;.-rnni,,t, nosiiie comment from the I
tired t previously prepared positions Irish benches." !
whea forced to do so. and inflicted ' The new nationalist leader. John i
casualties oy tne tnousands upon tne ; ,nion. who is more typical of the
iheve linn engaged; there was a con
j:iHieial le rtirement on the part of th
'.British forces, and under these condi
' lions it is not always easy for soma
lime to ascertain what actually hap-
uerrians. . fjry i,i tjme Irish resistors, than
iii'u i lie i.eruian HiiacK negan lire i
Mor? thin $200,00 in Liberty bonds the inscription "How Many Trenches
of the third issue has already been i Will Risbee Take?" Below are the
subscribed by residents o the War- trenches, six of them, each renresn?
ren District, according to the roprts ing a Germun trench and each stand
of the few committees which have . ing for $loo.0i-0. or a fraction of that
organized and b?en at work. Th" ' amount. The trenches will be taken
work of raising the third ilOO.000 is as the district subscribes to the loan
plready well ut;der wav. and commit- and nch 10 -.000 pledged will mean
tees .which iiavc. made reparts de-,ihe capturing by the district or one
clare that they are meeting with a . German trench. As these trenches
better spirit on this occasion than on are taken, public coremnnv will mark
either of the former bond issues. the advance of th district and the
The first public demonstration of toaster of ceremonies will pnint out
the tonuuests of this district in the or delete the position captured.
f Tf TTrWl fTT A A f TIT' A OrrrHT'TllIT1"''' of lhor,v bunds will be hel l in Af least two of the trenches will
IjIKjJlI 1 JUJ.M.tL Jl 1 tV jtjAlll Kj 1 CiVifront of ,he Uostoffice huildins on ' be taken Thursday afternoon. A bar
! Thursday afternoon at G o'clock.' At ave fire has been thrown down he-
! that time the tntnl amount raised in twen the second and th'rd trendies
the district will be bulletined for the 'anil the workers are advancing rlrin-
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, April 9.
Washington felt an earthquake
for the first time tonight, since it
was reached by the tremors of
the great quake which shattered
Charleston, C. C. more than thir
ty years ace. The shocks though
slight were distinctively per
ceptible and nearly every family
In the city had the impression for
about three minutes that an ex
traordinary heavy motor truck
was passing its doors.
Reports from nearby Virginia
cities indicate that the shocks
were more severe to the south
ward of the capital. Georgetown
university observatory seismo
graph shew, however, that the
quake really was of the faintest
character. centering probably
within 200 miles. It began at 9
minutes after 9 o'clock and last
ed about threo minutes.
public, patriotic addresses will be
made and n band wil' clve patriotic
numbers. The laru? sin which has ,
been nunc from the balcony of the ;
building iH be used to announce the :
amounts which have been subscribe!
in the district.
Will Take Trenches
The sign giving the progress of the1
Liberty campaign has been erected hy ,
Secretary Thomas A. Egan. of the
commercial club. At the top it bars ;
ly on tl is position. Advance inform i
tion from the field offices of General
.1 N". Gaines and his staff of worker
declares that the third trench will
proha; ly be In the bands of th ' dist
rict workers before the time for tho
lirst demonstration, and that a bar
aee will have been thrown down on
the fourth trench.
Patriotic Example
An exnmp!- of the district patriot!,-
(Continued on Fus Four)
an command. They quickly threw
down their tools and seized the wea
pons with which they had been armed
for Koine months and formed them
selves' into a fighting unit. The Ger
manb came on and finally reached the
positions where the Americans were
wait-r.g.
The exact number of the engineers
cannot be given, but they were com
paratively small. As the first gray
wave of the enemy advanced, the Am
erican forces let them come until they
wer v ithin certain range; then they
opened fire, pouring in a storm of bul
lets Gaps appeareil In the advancing
lines at many places, some or them
large, where the machine guns had
chewed through. Still the German
Ihe house will recollect the difll-
euliv we experienced with regard to
j ("amb-ai. It was difficult to piece to
tgether the story of the event for mnj
I " '- ' time, jnil ( ambrai was a verv trivial
! vrinl cc tn n:t rtxl iit hrhw ffifinrii Ivir-
his r'liirtlv nredecessor. the late John ' .. .
A linn nu vL-ora v- i ,"L' i ti ir in lha muf . . , . ., . . i
. .,..., .... .... itp..,nnr,(i. neartiiv denounced con- -ti rnril ami th-ir tff r
lines with the Canadians under Canadl- ,rr,,in fnr Ireland vr. were there ! e"'" f'"
iia.uru.iv engaged anil nave iu coin-i".-
leny t-isns of conciliation from tli- J traw their attention upon the ope-a-r
Ulster raction. The Irish unionists ; tjons the enems . aml untn tn
met under the chairmanship of Hir!strai reiaxes it would be very diffi
. Edward Carson and resolved to sun- j cu)t t0 nstitute the necessary inquir
ort conscription, but they were mre - .it, lH fim, out exactly what happened
ly endorsing what has been one of than, M furnish an adequate explana
planks of their platform. -tion of tne battle.
It fs felt generally that there is ; t,Wever. there are two or three
a greater and stronger force in tliejfacts which stand out. and in stating
country than any operating in tli , them I should like to call attention to
house ott comnios. That is public- two things, which I think above all
opinicn. which apparently demands . mui be avoided. The first is that
that Irish questions shall not stand in rothing should be said which would
the way of winning the war
Empire's Fate at Stake
"We have now entered the moat
critical phase of this terrible war. I
There Is a lull in the storm, but the'
t urricane is npt over. Doubtless wei
must expect more' fierce outbreaks, I
.give information to tne enemy; notn-
: ing should lie said which would give
j encouragement to the enemy and notn
j ing should be said which would give
; discouragement to our own troop.
(Continued on Pae Two)
ic'iiiitiniml en I'aue Ti
CASUALTY LISTS REPORTED
i"l!v R.-vl.'W I .easts! Wire)
WASHINGTON. April 9. Acting
upon cabled instructions from Secre
tary Baker, the war department to
night resumed publication of the dal
ly list of casualties among the Amer
ican exrteditionary fotves. Lists
which had accumulated between
April 2. when the practice was tern
porarily discontinued and April S.
were made public, and it was stated
officially that the casualties would be
announced daily hereafter.
Four hundred and forty-seven
American soldiers were killed ol
wounded in action, died of various
calises or were captured by the enemy
in the six-day period covered in the
reports issued tonight. The heaviest
toll for a single day since the tlrst
American soldiers lauded in France
was shown by the list of April ".
which contained 124 names.
Specific reference is made to 21
men having been captured by the
Germans. Twenty of these previous
ly had been reported missing and one
previously reported dead.
A combined summary of the six re
ports shows:
Killed in net ion.
Hied of wounds. 11.
Captured. 21.
lied of accident. 4.
Died of disease. !.
Pied Icause unknown). 3.
Severely wounded. !-:!.
Slightlv wounded. 241.
Purine the past week correspond
ents with the American forces have
! reported unusual enemy activity on
i the fronts where the Americans are
I in the trenches, the dispatches of
Sunday referring to the heavy artil
lery bombardment of the trenches
held by General Tershing's men.
A number of casualties reported are
believed to have occurred among the
engineer units that took part in the
' great battle in Pieardy.
Issuing of daily casualty list was
suspended after receipt of a general
1 order from Secretary Raker In
France, that in future all news relat-
; ing to the expeditionary forces must
, come from the headquarters of Gen
eral Pershing. While it wax not be
lieve,! Ihe order was intended to ref-
er lo the casualty lists. Acting Sec
retary Crowell and Major General
March, acting chief of staff, decided
to hedd them up nnlil a formal rifTTng
could be obtained from Mr. linker.
1 Pressure slill is being exercised to
have published the home addresses
; and next of kin of each man named
In Uie casualty list.
' President Wilson is understood to
have the matter under consideration
now. but it is expe; led to withhold
final decision until he has had an op
; portnnity to discuss ihe matter with
; Secretary ISaker on the hitter's return
, from Europe.
The list for April " follows;
! Killed In action: Privates Fred
Crusan. Everett A. King. Henuie M.
Kohl. Abraham Salt man.
Pied of wounds Privates Ah in
Bohlman. Courtney Ijiwrence. Clifford
' E. Evans. Ennis Lewis.
i Pied of accident Sergeant Fred A.
'Tait; Private Thomas Coyne.
I Pied of disease Major Edward E.
Hartwick. meningitis: Captain Henry
1
I it. nroons. ijnruiiionia ,
i Arthur Frnacls Folse.
- !
Sergeants
pneumonia,
pneumonia j
pneumonia ;
pneimionia ;
Vincent. C. Montgomery.
i Privates Earl I Ackley,
' Branch L Gla.ener.
-Henry Gratton. pneumonia; Victor M
Jensen. nniiiniritis: Sam Kelley.
i pneumonia. Ollie Mahan. pneumonia.
I Beniamiu R. Martin, pneumonia. Pert
; U Smiih. niastoditis; John Tomlin-
, son. pneimionia; Joe Vergara. pneu
monia: John B. Whipple, meningitis.
D-i'd. cause unknown- Private Wm.
M. Rickman.
Severely wounded--Sergeants Mal
colm P. Reed. Ralph H. Whitman.
' Corporal Alfred Belanger. Privates
".lames M. Faulkner. Charles A. Hen-
j ry. Horace 15. Van Everan.
Slightly wounded Captains Ed
ward n. Hodge. Iavid A. Horner.
; First Lieutenant Paniel E. Berney.
i Corporal Gorton T. Lippitt. Bncler
j Andrew B. McGuirk. Privates Chas.
j Auditore. Paniel T. Boswell, John H.
I Bruce, John D. Calimaris, Charles
Casala. Herbert C Frye. John J.
Ne.irney. riiezo Tsiotras.
The list of April 4 follows:
Killed in action Privates Minor
(Cent-nucd on Pare Thrc") i
TWO
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY MORNING, APRIL 10, 1918.
PREMIER AROUSES
BRITISH BY STORV
OF GREAT BATTLE
(Continued from Page One)
who are fighting so gallantly at this
very l;our.
"And the second question is that all
recrimination at this hour must be
Bhdt out.
Position Before Battle
"What was the position at the be
giniiing of the battle?
"Notwithstanding the heavy casual
ties in 1917, the army in France was
considerably stronger on the first of
Janupry, mS. than on the first of Jan
uary, 1917. Up to the end of 1917 up
to say about October or November
the Ufcrman combatant strength in
France was as two to the allies three.
Then came the military collapse of
Russia and the Germans hurried up
the released divisions from the east
ern front and brought them to the
west They had a certain measure of
Austrian support, which had been ac-rok-ded
them.
"Owing to the growth of the strength
of out armies in 1917, when this battle
befcan the combatant strength of the
wboie of the German army on the
western front was only approximately
though not quite, equal to the total
combatant strength of the allies in in
fantry. They were slightly inferior
in artillery. They were inferior n
c.i-airy. they were considerably infe
rior; fcnd what is very-important, they
were undoubtedly inferior in aircraft.
Had More Divisions
"The Germans, therefore, arranged
their ticops so as to produce a larger
numhei of divisions out of the slightly
smaller number of infantry and slight
ly &in.ller number of guns. They bad
fewer battalions in a division and few
er inn in a battalion. That is entirely
a question of organiation and yet it re
mains to. be seen that their organiza
tion la better than ours. It is neces
sary to explain that, in order that the
house should realize why, with approx
imately the same number of men, the
Germans have a larger number of di
visions on that front.
"According to all the facts which
have come to hand as to the losses
tif the battle, that roughly represents
the relative strength of the combatants
on both sMes at t h IsET SAOONN
on both sides at this moment. The
Germans had, however, one or two
important advantages. The first, the
iniiial advantage which is always com
manded by the offensive, is that they
know where they mean to attack.
"They choose the ground; they
choose the location; they know the
width of the attack; they know the
dimensions of the attack; they know
the time of attack; they know the
method of the attack . All that invari
ably gives the initial advantage to the
offensive.
Defense Has Advantages .'
' The defense has a general advant
age. Owing to air observation con
cealment is difficult. At the same
time, in spite or all that owing to the
power of moving troops at night,
which the Germans exercised to a
vptv Inrpe extent, there is a laree mar-
pin tor surprise even in spite of air J
observation and of this the enemy
took full advantage.
"1 should like to say one word here
as to the difficulty which tne allied
generals were confronted with in this
lespect. Beiore the battle the great
est German conrentration was in front
of our troops. That was no proof that
the full weight of the attack would
tall o uus. There was a very large
concentration opposite the French
lines.
There was a very considerable con
centration I am referring to the Ger
man reserves on the northern part of
our line.
"After the battle began or immedi
ately before the battle the Germans
by nifiht brought their divisions from
the northern part to a point where
the attack took place. They also took
several divisions from opposite the
French in the same way and brought
them to our front. But it would have
teen equally easy for them, while con
centrating troops opposite out front
lo maneuver them in the same way
apposite the French. I am only re
lerring to that, In order to show how
exceedingly difficult it is for generals
on the defensive to decide exactly
where, in their judgment, the attack
Is coming and where they ought to
concentrate their reserves.
Wilson's Forecast Right
"I may just say a word here. This
problem was considered very closely
by the military staff at Versailles, and
I think it rteht, in juestice to them,
to point out that after a very close,
stuny of the German positions and
of the probabilities of the case, they
came to Ihe conclusion an clthey stated
tI.Mr conclusion to the military rpre
Kcntalir es and to the ministers in
the month of January, or the beninnins
of February, that the attack would
ome south of Arras; that it would !';
n atta'k on a very wide front that
it would be an attack on the wirf-ol
Iront ever yet assailed; that the Uer-1
mans would aecuiiii'late Sii divisions I
li.r the purpose of niHkir.g the attack; j
tliat they would throw the whole off
their resoinces and thei rstrength Into j
ihe breaking of t!ie British line at
tt-.at point and that their objective
wouM be the capture of Amiens and
the sevPiance of th British and
French f jrees.
"That was the cowlmion Sir Henry
Villon (('hie: of the Imperial St:iff.
came to anil si'hmitted at thai time,
two or three months ago. and I think
ilat it was one cf the most renidrk
; file forc flsts of enemy inteulion.s that
wan ever made.
Hunt Hsd 97 Divisions
"As a matter of fact, the attack was
made up. I think, of about 97 divisions.
It v.ai an attfick on th widest front j
tint ever had been engaged. I's ol-j
J'MIHe MIHHItllMeul rtS III. r.ipmie
i f Amiens and the severance of the
Lrifish aud French forces. So that
almOBl In every detail, tliat ery re
markable forecast had been verified in
the event.
"Another remarkable prediction was
that it might probably succeed to the
extent of penetrating the British line
to the extent of half the distance of
the front attacked. They came to
that conclusion from a close examina
tion of the offensive' of the war.
"There was another advantage.
There was. first of all, the advantage
which the Germans had from having
the initiative. There was another ad
vantage they had and this undoubted
ly was the greatest advantage, from
having a united command opposite to
a dual one.
The Germans undoubtedly relied on
this to a very large extent for their
success. They owe much o fthe suc
cess of this attack to this.
"Therefore I have to submit to par
liament the totals for increasing, and
increasing very materially, the re
serves which will be available tor re
inforcing our arms in the field during
this prolonged battle, upon which we
are only just entering. I will now
give roughly some o fthese proposals
we intend to make in order to increase
the number of men available.
To Make Age Limit 50
"I now turn to the new proposal
-rmbodied In the bill, which I beg leave
to introduce today. Our first pro
posal is to raise the military aga up
to 50 and, 1 ncertain specified cases,
we ask for powers to raise It to 55.
but that only when a man with special
qualifications is needed.
"The proportio nof men from 42 to
50 years of age who we expect tot
be available is not very high some
thing like 7 per cent. That is .only 7
ter cent of from 42 to 50 years will
be available for the army.
"Now I come to the question of ex
emptions from military service'. It Is
known to everyone who has had ex
perience in the difficulty of obtaining
man power that one of the may ob
stacles to success is the number of
exemptions which have been granted,
often' for reasons which at the time
appeared sufficient, but which should
no longer be effective at the present
time of crisis.
"Accordingly, it is provided by the
bill that his majesty may by procla
mation, declaring that a national
emergency has arisen direct that a
certiticate of exemption from the mili
tary service of the nature, specified in
the proclamation shal lcease to have
effect, and that while any such procla
mation remains In force no exemptions
shall be grants 1 which .would fa
within the terms of the proclamation.
We have to choose between either
submitting to defeat or taking the
necessary measures to avert it. We
will never submit to accepting defeat-Would
Limit Exemptions
"It is proposed further to make a
change In the constitution of the ap
peal tribunals dealing with exemp
tions and to speed up their procedure.
1 want again to emphasize the fact
that time is the essence of this thing.
"'in these circumstances it is pro
posed to take power bya n order in
council both to reconstitute the tribu
nals and regulate the areas in which
they shall work and standardize the
grounds of exemption and limit the
rights of appeal.
"We propose to make an attempt to
standardize more accurately than now
is done, the ground of exemption to
prevent conflicting decisions on the-e
matters in different localities which
is one of the great grievances felt in
the Country. Changes also will -a
made in the procedure, but Upon these
I do not intend to dwell at the mo
ment. There also is the question of
the extension of the act to ministers
if religion for non-combattant our-
- i
poses.
"! now- come to the question of Ire
land. When an emergency has arisen
which makes it necessary to put men
of 50 years of age and those of 13
into the army In the fight for liberty
and independence (Joseph Devlin here
interrupted) and small nationalities.
An despecially, as I am reminded, to
fight for lierty an dindependence and
small nationalities, I a niperfectly cer
tain it is not possible to justify any
longer the exclusion of Ireland."
.Mr. John Dillon:
"You will not get any men from
Ireland by compulsion; not a man."
"What is the position?" continued
Mr. Lloyd George. "No home rule
proposal ever submitted in this house
proposed to deprive the imperial
parliament of the power of dealing
with all questions in relation to the
army and navy. These invariably are
in every home rule bill I have ever
seen and are purely questions for the
imperial parliament to that I am no
more claiming any national right than
was ever claimed In this house. The
defense of the realm act also was ex
tended to Ireland.
"The character of the quarrel in
which we are engaged is just as much
Irish as English. May I say it is more
so. It is more Irish, Scotish and
Welsh than it is even English. Ire
land through its representatives at
the beginning of the war assented to
it."
Mr. Devlin here interjected: "Be
cause It was a war for small nation
alities." "Ireland through its representatives
assented to the war. voted for the
war. supported the war. Irish repre
sentatives and Ireland, through it re
presentative without a dissenting
voice, commuted the empire to This
war. Thoy are as responsible for it
as any part of the I'nited Kingdom.
Cites Irish Declaration.
May l just read tne declaration is-,(.f wre t!i ig tans, save" r.iised ::r.i:.i r
sued by the Irish party on December i t0 B, - lire u,e match.
17. 1914. shortly afier the war betan. j
Mr. Burne interrupted with: "Wei RETURN INDICTMENTS I
have a revolution since then.' ,
"This is the declaration of the Irish j (j!v n-vi-w l.fas -il wirr,
party: j yST ST. Ml IS. April St.- In Ii t- i
"'A test to search men's souls hajnients hav brer, re'iuned imlitft "i
ar'sen. The empire is engaged in the I persons by a led'-rrl g!H! il .jry. :. it
most serious war in history. It is a(!I!y j. C,rio. II!.. upon disclosures'
just w ar provoked by the intolerable j niP'le I i' t no emher at ; t -itii;rr isp.nal '
military despotism of Germany. It , infinity int i the i. rint - lv"c. it .is;
is a war for the defense of barred U anie! : d y.
rights and liberty of small nations I -
and the respect and enlargement ot j TO LIMIT DEBATE
the great principles of nationality. In- il:.. i:.-vi - I,. hw.i wm
volved in it Is the fate of France, our
Kindred country ami the Chief nation! WASHINGTON. April !t. An agr .
of that powerful cdlii- race to which j meiit ti. limit debate on I he sedition
we belonc: the fate r Belgium, to bill lcg!iiniuK tomorrow was reached,
whom we are attached by the same late today in the senate after anotlur ;
great ties of race and by t!:e common , day of Litter di-cusMuu and he udop-,
desire of small nations to assert their! lion cf amendments ineetiug ol'jec- j
freedom aud the fate of folaud, tiont of some opponents.
whose sufferings and struggles bear
so marked resemblance to our own.
" 'It is a war for the high Ideals of
human government and international
relations and Ireland would be false to
her history and to every consideration
of honor, and faith and safe interest
did not she willingly bear lier share
in its burdens and its sacrifices.'
"It is not merely illogical that Ire
land should not help, it is unjust. If
it were merely England's battle, the
youi-g men of Ireland might regard
that fact with indifference but it is not
They are just as much concerned as
the young men of England. Therefore
it is proposed to extend conscription
on the same conditions as in Great
Britain.
"As there is no machinery in exist
ence r.nd no register has as yet been
coniD'cted in Ireland it may take some
weeks before active enrollment is be
gun. As soon as arrangements are
complete the government will put the
act into immediate operation
"iUanwhile we intend to invite par
liame-nt to pass a measure for seif gov-e-nmert
for Ireland."
j War Summary
(By Review leased Wire)
As had been anticipated, the Ger
mans have switched the center of their
mam operations from the Amiens sec
tor and now are hammering the Brit
ish aud Portugese hard over a front ot
about 11 miles running from Givenchy
and La Bassee to the vicinity of Ar
mentiers. The attack was preceded by a ter
rific bombardment all along the line
and the countryside for miles around
trembled under ihe concussion of the
big fcuns. At some points the enemy
was able to penetrate advanced ele
ments ot the British line, especially in
the neighborhood of Neuve Capelle,
Fau;difcsart and the Cardonnerie farm
French Troopt Retire
Meanwhile all along the greater part
of the old line south of Arras, ex
tremely violent artillery duels were in
progress, but the infantry of both sides
kept to their trenches except for isol
ated attacks of no great importance.
Near the Coucy forest and Coucy-Le-C.hateau
the French have made a
slight retirement to positions pervious
ly prepared the maneuver apparently
being in the nature of a line straight
ening. So well was the operation cov
ered Ly the French guns that the Ger
mans tuffered extremely heavy casu
alties in endeavoring to make it null.
To Conscript Irish
realizing the extremely critical sit
uation from the standpoint of man
power. David Lloyd George, the Brit
ish premier, has informed the house
of commons in a speech that it was
impossible longer to exclude Ireland
from the provisions of conscription
and that the age for military service
would be raised to 50 years and in
certain specified cases it might be in
creased to 55.
The premier declared that a bill
would be introduced in parliament giv
ing Ireland a measure of self govern
ment. Several of the Nationalist mem
bers interrupted the premier during
his speech and declared that conscrip
tion vould not be permitted in Ireland.
There is still no indication of the
ne?ir ppproach of the expected big bat
tle on the Italian front, although the
artillery engagements at variom
points are increasing in intensity.
Well directed shots from the Italian
guns in the Asia go basin have worked
havoc with Austrian ammunition de-j
pots rnd also started fires inside the
ene?ny lines.
Russia to Declare War
A TurVieh nffirial rnmminirntirin
... . . i .i
announces ids cainuie uy iuc iuim
of Van, in Turkish Armenia.
In Finland, the Germans are prepar
ing to take Helsingfors. according to
dispatches from Petrograd. They al
ready have demanded the disarma
ment of forts in Finland and of Rus
sian warships in Finnish waters. It is
said that the Russian commissioners
have agreed to comply with the Ger
man demand.
The landing of Japanese troops at
Vladivostok is apparently causing
fiction between the Russian Bolshe
vik government and Japan. Nikolai
Lenine, the Bolshevik premier, in a
speech at Moscow asserted that Rns-;
sia pofcsltny would nave to declare war
upon Japan as a result of the landing
of the Japanese.
KHARKOV OCCUPIED.
(Hv Review Leaded Wlie
LONDON, April 9. The Bolsheviki
government announces that it has re-
reived news that the Germans and;
Ckrainians have oclupied Kharkov, j
according to a Reuter dispatch from j
Petrograd. . i
Kharkov is 40 miles south of Mos
cow and is the furtherest point eastj
yet feached by the Germans. !
LABOR BOARD NAMED.
(Hv Review Leaved "'irei I
WASHINGTON. April 9. Creation
of the national war labor hoard to ad-:
just all labor disputes during the per-j
iod of tho war proclaimed today ny
President Wilson with its members
the same men w'io recently framed
the labor policy of the government for
the war period.
WANT TITLE BOUT.
I
W AT KTM .)'-. la.. April :. - U'a' r j
loo hps made a foi.nal bid f. r the l.n!
j Craddi i k -Urs Steelier r st!i:ig mat -:
julv 4. A hxal club, wi'.'i the support
Baseball Scores
COAST LEAGUE
At u Angeles r. H. n
Vernon 4 5 2 t
Los Angeles 0 2 li
ijuiuii irj lJevormer; r uiery aim
Boies.
Others postponed, rain.
EXHIBITIONS
CUBS BEAT HOUSTON
(lly Review Leaned Wi'-e)
HOFSTON. Tex., April 9.
See re II II. E
CI; lea co Nationals 7 15 2
Houston. Texas league I 10
TIGERS TRI MREDS
Uty Review I.ensel Wire)
FT. SMITH, Ark., April !.
Score R. H. E.
Detroit Ainericaus 15 22 A
Cincinnati Nationals 9 1-3 2 !
Jones. Hall and
and Wingo.
Yelle; Schneider
FEDERALS MARCH ON
OJINAGA TO PREVENT
AMERICAN INVASIONS
,nv RcvleTZe Wire,
i-'i paj."i tpv Arii or.enerqT
Francisco Gonzalez, with a column of j
federal cavahy is marching toward the!
Big Bend border from Chihuahua City
and is expected to arrive there tomor-
row. it was officially announced here
tonight. The arrival of General Gon
zalez will complete the troop move-j
n-.ent into the Ojiniga district oppo-
5.1'to lhr T!iV llen.1 tmn. hainr hMtii'' v-uunc, iu ....u i,y A. A. ii.u-
. ,,." kii,.,'i, ;, .,i
sent from Chihuahua City. Guade-
laupe, Juarez and Villa Ahumida to.
strencthen the iederal forces in that
district with headquarters in Ojlnisa.
The Federal troop concentration op
nnslte the Mexican hnnlpr haa r.i'lKP.l!
American army otficers to b?conie un-i
usually alert, it became konwn here, j
tonight. The troops movement are!
net in the direction of San Anionic
where Villa's main body was reported
yesterday. In stead it has been to
ward the brder and one theory is
that the movement is part of a plan to
present American troops from aaiu
crossing into Mexico after bandits.
Genera! Jose Carlos Murgia, com
mander of th Ojiniga district, has
frequently protested against Ameii -an battle line. The abandonment of
troop:; chasing bandits across the ! Coucy-Le-Chateau was cleverly effect
line. I ed by the French who while making
I their way toward the new positions
QAPJfMY FNPINFFRQ
AIDED CANADIANS
(Continued from Page One)
waves came on, without firing a sin
eie shot just advancing.
Held on by Teeth
The Americans were unable to un
derstand these tactics hut neverthe
less were certain that it was a ques
tion of slaughtering the enemy or be
ing themselves smothered under the
advancing Germans. By 'this time
their weapons were so hot they could
not be used effectively and the enemy
w as close, so that the engineers , re
tired, fighting, and took up another
position. Then they turned and began
operations again. A British officer
whe witnessed the engagement is re
ported to have said:
"They held on by their teeth until
the last moment, inflicting terrific cas
uailies on the enemy. Then they
moved back and waited for the Ger-1
mans and repeated the performance." t
By the time the engineers had I Try ihis ! AH dandruff disap
reatheu a place somewhere near Nov- ,nJ Vii- ctnrw
on they were nearly exhausted and al-, pears ana nair Stops ,
most without equipment. There they ; coming Out. j
were given a chance to rest and re- j j
equip According to all reports they I Surfc, t a ..Dandcriue Hair
gave the Germans a generous sample,-,. . ... !
, .... , . i Cleanse ii vou wish rj immediately
of what the enemy is to expect from I, " " . ' . . . , .
ths n.cfican army. I double the beauty of your hair. Just
During a battle unusual stories al-1 moisten a cloth with Danderine and l
ways crop out. hut the following is one , draw it carefully through your hair, '
which the correspondent heard from taking one small .strand at a time;1
an unquestionable source: this will cleanse the hair of dust, dirt
Was German Spy ! or any excessive oil In a few minutes !
In one of the periods when the Am
erican engineers and their Canadian
comrades in arms were holding a po
sition, what appeared to be a British
si.ii'i' motor drove up. The driver was
in :iie uniform of a British soldier and
a muii in the tonneau was in the uni
form (fa British staff officer.
The officer stepped out and asked
for the commanding officer, ordering
the commander to retire four, kilomet
ers saying that the Germans were
pressing on both flanks and he might
he cut off.
For some reason the Canadian com
mander became suspicious. He had
the staff officer searched, when the
latter failed to produce his authority
and prpers were found on him proving
that he was a German officer. He and
his chaL'lfeur were immediately shot.
Aniirican engineer officers are said '
to have been present when this inci
dent occurred.
" PS fEi : It- &: Es
m
m
Sit
m
m
m
m
fix
!-
v :.; .
W -
i
L VV
'' 1 if fl
': '-TV """"""1 it
!; n"'t For hiKh-clMS ciejiwing an.
ill..!-
. r. Liuililenn
i". ytyiT fu.tr-
n ' t - c : M i - r i' C( . -ice
f l Infos w; M
WW
COULD HARDLY GET
ABOUT FOR 4 YEARS
I Rheumatism
Overcome By!
Taking Tanlac, Says
i r" rv
j fcjirnneer Dunaway.
I "To look at me now, who would
I think that a few weeks ago J was In
j such an awful fix that I could hardly
(walk? But it's true, and a few bot-
; ties of Tanlac put me on my feet and '
j increased my weight ten pounds," re
cently declare William B. Dunaway,
i for fifteen years an engineer and now
Oj running a switch engine in the Texas!
& Pacific, yards and who lives at 316'
Hemphill street. Fort Worth. Texas.
"I was in such terrible shape dur-'
ing the past four years," continued
Mr. Dunaway, "and the rheumatism!
in my feet and legs hurt so bad 1'
could hardly get around and when 1'
lay down at night I could hardly sleep.
Most anything would upset my stom
ach and bleat me up till I could hard
ly breathe and gas pressed against
my heart till I became alarmed. 1
was bilious and constipated and my
head ached like it would split, I had
dizzy spells and would be so miser-
nltle f felt f rniilrtn't slnnrl It
wiped out most all my troubles, my
. appetite increased so I can eat any-
I A", 1 WUhoUt bad aftfr
effects and I am gaining in weight
an strength. Those awful headaches
f"d dl"y sPe'ls ar on,e. J BleeP
like a log and go to work in the
mornings feeling fine and dandy."
Tanlac is sold in Bisbee by J. M.
Ball, in Douglas by Douglas Drug Co..
in Paradise by G. A. Walker, in Pow-ie
by Bowie Drug Store, In San Simon by
T t f I - -; 1 1 .. , . , x-; v.
! olson, in Lowell by Lowell Drug Co
! iu Gleeson by B. A. Taylor. Adv. '
GERMANS MAKE
ei inDFlM THRIKT
dJUUCA1 l IltWJJ I
ON NEW FRONT
(Continued fiom Page One!
prisoners, have t.ikcn place during the
day cn the' British front."
FRENCH WITHDRAW,
WITH THE FRENCH ARMY IN
FRANCE. April 9. (By the Associat
ed Press) Extreme artillery action
everywhere again today marked the
,n Iul' freedom of movement, gave the
Germans a terrific harrying bombard
ment with field and heavy guns, caus
ing a great toll in casualties.
Prisoners captured here declare
that the German staff fully expected
to reach their objectives on the morn
ing of April 6. Prisoners who have1
recently come from the Russian front
assert that the German authorities j
were profoundly disappointed con-
cerning Russia, much of whose land
was uncultivated, while the greater,
part of the stocks of wheat had dis-!
appeared, either through pillage or
wastage. j
cTrMYOMR '
MAKES IT BEAUTIFUL, !
THICK, GLOSSY, WAVY
you will be amazed. Your hair will
be wavy, fluffy and abundant and
possess an incomparable softness,
lustre and luxuriance.
Besides beautifying the hair, one ap
plication of Danderine dissolves every
particle of dandruff ; invigorates the
scalp, stopping itching and falling hair.
Danderine is to the hair w hat fresh 1
showers of rain and sunshine are to ,
vegetation. It goes right to the roots, '
invigorates and strencthens them. Its i
exhilarating, stimulating and life-pro-j
ducing properties cause the hair to
graw long, strong and beautiful.
Vju can surely have pretty, soft, i
lustrcui hair, and lots of it, if you will ;
just get a small bottle of KnowltonV
Danderine from any drug store or 1
toilet counter and try it as directed.
(Advertisement) !
Er Cl 1 t
Is Coming
- na T will really surprise
- " you how well we
(.an uiaKc your jd&i
?v Spring suit look.
-n.: J
why yoa should 'Make
repairing, telephone us :
B1SPEE DYE AND
CLEANING
WORKS.
PHONE 230.
mm
You've Been Earning
For Years?
Has it cosi you every dollar of it to live?
These are pertinent questions, but the man who
answers them honestiy to himself will feel the time
has come to start a Savings Account with this bank,
save for the future and get 4 per cent Interest.
Thc.dc it Over!
CITIZENS BANK & TRUST COMPANY
Main Street Bisbee, Arizona
Conservative management and
strength commend this Bank to your con
sideration. The Checking Accounts of individual
are especially welcomed.
All business entrusted to us will re
ceive prompt and careful attention.
Bank with us.
SCHOOL OF MUSIC
ROOM 1, JACOB SCHMID BUILDING
Private Instruction on Piano. Violin and Other Instruments.
INSTRUMENTS LOANED FREE TO BEGINNERS
Phone Blue 650.
When You Think of Building
Think of
GIBSON
LUMBER
J. W. F.SMITH
Manager
Bisbee Lumber Company, inc
EMIL MARKS, MGR.
LOWELL
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
AND HIGH CLASS CAFE
The best ol everything ot reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 60c luncheon daily. Also $1.00 dinner from
5:30 to 7:30 p. m. Regular Board by the month, $4d;
$ 1 0 by the week.
Hrry Pepper. Manager.
L. J. OVERLOOK, BROKER
Correspondents: Faine, Wcbcr & Co, Boston, Duluth, Calumet.
LOGAN A BRYAN, NEW YORK AND CHICAGO.
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK.
Bisbee Decorating Co.
General Paintinir. Paper Hangirg, Tinting and
Sign3. Perfect Results. Moderate Prices.
HUGHES BLOCK, OPPOSITE Y. V. C A.
P. O. Box 1531 Phone 739
- HINE
COMPANY
Phone 88
The body of
Our Paint
is pure white lead. It is mixed with
turpentine or pure linseed oil ac
cording to whether it is to be used
for In or outside work. There Is no
grit in it; no adulterants to make
its manufacture cheaper. Taint ex
perts always get their supplies
here. Wouldn't it be wise for yoa
to follow their example.
CAR 8TOP.
PHONE a THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY MORNING, APRIL 10, 1918.
' THREE
ARIZONA MINING
PRO
IE
QTQ MflUF ill WM'VA
uiu nut, b v uvmvui
UREAU TO WAR
Chapter of American Organization In Resolutions Directed
lo Congress Seek to Prevent Amalgamation of Mines
Bureau; Advocate Establishment of Department With
Cabinet Member As Head.
TUCSON. April 9. Protesting j
aaainst the proposed amalgamation of
the Tnited States bureau of mines
w itlt the war department, under the ,
latter branch of the federal eovern-;
ment, and protes'ing the subject of the j
entire mining industry to the rullnsj
c,t t . sub-department; advocating at
the same time the establishment of
a department of mines, the head of j
which is to be a member of the pre3-j
ldent's. cabinet, the monthly meeting
of the . American Mining congress. ,
Arizona cnapter, Degan us sessions
yesterday at Tucson.
The meeting was held at the SnnH
Rita hotel and included in its ater.d
ance the directors of the Arizona
chapter and the most promlneit min
ing rien frori every part of the state
of Ati-ons. The concluding session
wf'l bo held today.
Tt'ivrcsilations were approved bv
the ttfircctbrs at their.moeting The
firs", delt with the Hoke Sniih
amffjnvnt to the German bill, wi ich
wouji plp.ee the I'niied States bure-u
of nreVrr the direction of t'.e
wareoartmcnt. To this tl'e Arizona
chPOter objects. ftPtinjr thnf the vorr
efficl'-nt aad jr-eat wo-k o' ti e bu'-eu
wontd be ha'nivrpd by subjecting it to
the ir-ders rf'the wpr d"rartmetit. Tt
J the pnsp of the Arizona t-' an'T.
Amtrican Mining congress. judrlng
froirl tve resolution passed, that bet'er
resiles can be hsd through the co-op-
eratsnn of te two departments, mf'.er
thail' by the assimilation rf the bureau
by fhe.v.-ar department. j
' I Resot'iticrs Adapted J
The resolution, which w-s sot to
Se'-ator Msrk A. Pmit'i Jiul Henry P.
faR'Hir8t .and Ni r'ongrenian Carl i
Harden, is as foHivs:
"Cesolc-ed, Th;-.t it is th .erse of
this' mee"ine that t'-e pnivls'.rm of the
Hoke S'ith fn'Cncimeti to t'.e Over-!
mail Pill. R-2771. providiiiir for the
transfer of the bureni cT mine.; to the
wa rJortmeTit is ill advised and that
no logical reas'nf or its t:an?fc-r Ins,
been brought forward, the only renson
offered to date bi"g that the b.irc'a'i
had, investigated 'he sbnect of rasj
and pa? misks. and we feci that the,
bure?.ir c?n ef.'K iMit!v t!irry on th"?!
invsti.itiens ps a apartment of the;
interior unit for th war d'-narimrnt.
or Ptiy of the i"vstiL'ations thp w.ir.
department m-.iy desire. In tl.ir, man-,
ner'the efiint organization of the'
present bureau "will not bs disturbed.
V -
'
ii y ,
A Soldier's offering to his sweet
heart is naturally the sweetmeat
that gave him most refreshment
and greatest enjoyment when on
duty. -
l The Flavor Lasts
service
CONGRESS
department!
and we feel that the purpose of the
Overman bill can best be served by
allow ing the bureau of mines to act in
conjunction with the war department
rather than be made a part thereof.
In this way there will be no interfer
ence with the great work of the bureau
Is carrying on, for all agree that after
the war the logical department for
the bureau is the department of the
interior until such time as the mining
Industry can be given representation
In the cabinet as a separate and dis
tinct department."
Propose Cabinet Member
In addi'ian to the protest against
the Smith amendment, the directors
rf t:ie chapter went on record as fa
voring the establishment of a derart
mct of mines, the head to be a mem
ber o the presidena's official family.
It was shown that the mining indns
try of th nation, involving coal, iron,
toil, manganese, tungsten, copper and
the rare metals was now subject to
the rulings of a sub-committee of
sme jip?rtmer.t and. i'.i some in
stances rf a sub-committee of a sub
committee. - v '
The resolution, in question, which is
elso rointr sent the Arizona congres
sional dleeation, follows:
"Wher-as. The productcion of min
eral, including coal, iron, gold, silver,
epper. lead, zinc oil. gas, manganese,
tungsten and the rare metals, is of
vital importance to the government in
the winning of the war and 1 the de
vcloptnet of its domestic and interna
tional commerce after the war, and
''Whereas, The industry in all its
phrases constitutes the ereatest col
lective industry in the Vnited States,
therefore be it
"T;e?olvcd, That the sense c the
Arizona chapter of the American Min
ing congress is that this creat Indus
try should not be subject to rulings
and decisions of a sub-department or
nnv croup cT sub-departments of the
federal povernment, but should be un
t'er the exclusive control of a depart
ment of mines whose executive head
should be a member of'the cabinet of
the president -of the United States,
and further he it.
"Resolved.-That a copy of this res
olution be mailed to the Arizona con
gressional delegrtlon. to the secr?tarv
of ti e American Mining congress, and
to the secretaries of the various stat
chapters o the mining congress with
uriiCTit suggestion that every effort
The
universal
military
service
Keep the boys in
supplied
i mm
wi ' - mri--Su ill
3BBSd
r.nd visitors in attendance nt th meet-1
ing yesterday wer- Louis S. (ete!.
Pay Consolidated Copper company;
Noinian Carmichael, Arizona Copper
company; Julius Kruttschnitt. Jr., A.
S. & 11; V. C. Frowning. Magma
ConpfJ; company; Geiorsie Kinedoin.
Cnited V'erde extension: J. P. Harper,
Jerome Verde; ("apt. If. H. Stout.
I'h'lps Hodge corporation. Copper
Queen branch (smelter). Douslas;
Barry Hogarty. Jerome; R. E. Tallv.
rnlted Verde Capper company; E.
G. Bush. Tucson: J. E. Curry, secre
tary Arizona chapter, Hisbee; J. V.
Rennie, Shannon Copper company: G.
H. Dowel!. Phelphs Dodge corporation,
Crpper Queen branch, Bisbee; W. B.
Gohrine. Calumet and Arizona. Bis
bee; V. S. McBride. Old Dominion
Copper Co., Globe; M. Curley. New
Cornelia Copper company, Ajo; J. A.
Burgess. United Eastern Mining (com
pany, Oatman; A. Valjean, assistant
secretary Arizona chapter, Bisbr-e; J.
G. Goodwin, Tempe.
Banquet for Guests
Last evening at the old Pueb'o c!ut
the visiting mine representatives rnd
directors of the coneress "attended a
dinner given In their honor by the
mining committee of the Tucson cham
ber of commerce. Those who sat down
to the table were: I H. Hofmeister,
Louis S. Cates, Julius Kruttschnitt.
Jr., Norman Carmichael, Major O. C.
lrker, G. M. Calvocoresses, Allyn H.
Jaynes. H. C. Hallmark. W. B. Go'.i
ring. R. K. Shelton, W. C. Browning,
F .C. Alsdorf. George Kingdon, R. E.
Fishburn. J. B. Harper, Captain Stout,
V. B. Rimsdell, Barry Hosarty, R. K.
Tally, K. O. Bush. J. E. Curry. Iaw
rence D. Clark. J. W. Bennie, Stanlev
V'itt. G fl. Dowel!. C. E. Walker. W. S.
McBride. C. P. Reinitcr. M. Curley, J.
W. Estill J. A. Burgess. A. Valjean, J.
C. Goodwin. A. K. Buechman, R. A.
Watkins, Captain McDermott.
MEASURE PROPOSES
TO MAKE PRICE OF
SILVER $1 OUNCE
(Continued from Pape Onrt
wou'd be negotiated through Great
Britain.
TO Withdraw $5 Bills
The treasury now holds 491,000.000
silver dollars, containing about 376,
000.00 ounces of silver. In withdraw
ing silver certiHcates based on this
i coin effort probably would be made
to take bills of denominations of Jo
and more leaving the $1 and $2 bill i
which are now in great demand. To
guard against concentrating circula-1
tion. however. Senatar Pittman's bill
would provtue tor issuance oi tecerai
rrsene bank rotes, of which nly $11.
670,000 are In circulation, fn smaller
denominations than the
present J5
minimum. Federal rsserve bank notes
are virtually the same aa national
bank notes, but the special not?s
I would have a s'iehtly different
basis.
consisting of tieasury c?rtificates of
. indebtedness or one year gold notes.
Atron-eme-tts , would be made for the
'edtral rfs.erve board to force with
drrwrl cf tnese when tbe silver is
! rf a"cd in the treasury. No more
I could te issued at any time than the
face value of silver taken from the
; treasury. "
McAdoo Approves Bill
Sec r-tary McAdoo wrote to Senator
Tilnrn supporting the bill ss a war ;
met's-'re although he sutrgesied there!
n-ir,ht be n'. wide. difference of opinion j
mi til? best method of replacing of 1
silver certificates with other currency.
'In this way. the secretary ex
plained, ""the large mass of silver
which, if. serving no useful active pur
pose now ,can be made available for a
direct war purpose. There Is no in
tention of making any permanent
: change In the status of the silver cer -
! tificates. Th r-proposition is in brief,
!to retire silver certificates, to borrow
from the treasury the silver for use
for war purposes; and then, as silver
smnrnr.uiY baker ifith American
CHIEFS SNAPPED ON WESTERN FRONT
w. wmim .... . w.. w-r.
KMT i
;:t. Gen. Tusker 11. Bliss,
'
.'.. ' V:, , - M ., Kftjr
is?
Jonn J. Pershing.
Thii i:: the firs' photograph showing Secretary of 'War Baker on his
recent to the figiititij; front in Europe. Mr. Baker believes that bU
persoi.ui toucli with the American army abroad will have been of the
greatest vulus in .spet dii.- up cur war program and it is intimated that hi
visit v.as an imcstant cau-e of tho appointment of a eupreive oHiad
GERM TAKES1
DISTRfCTi
M DRIVE
The spring offensive of General Iji
Grippe has invaded the Warren dis-'5
trict. It is offensive for several rea- K
sens. If your wife 'does up' yourij
handkerchiefs, you already know onej
of the reasons. It brings on frogs in
the throat, coughs, sore chests and i',
blood-shot eyes which make itjj
further offensive. It Is offensive be-
cause well you know why if you've H
had it; If you haven't, you will know
before the little grip erm gets
through with his work.
An epidemic of grip has dropped
down in this district. Everyone has
it. The colored bootblack cursed it
while shining shoes. The washer
woman hacked anj coughed with it
as she hung out the clothes. The
teruffed and dedecked mistress sflr
rcptiously wiped at her nose as she
entertained her neighbor of high
brow tastes and manners.' And the
highbrow neighbor trained to keep
hack a sneeze and cough which final
ly emerged with a cannon like report.
Yesterday and the day before and for
se.eral days, grip has been more
common than anything else in the dis
trict. An idea of the prevalence of the
genu in this district is gained from
the dispensaries of the Copper Queen
and Calumet & Arizona companies. In
the former it U estimated that fully
400 cases have been treated in the
past three cr four days. In the latter
more than 300 cases have been handl
ed. In the mines shift-bosses report
as many as fifty men laid off one
shift because of this pernicious little
germ.
Where does it come from? No one
knows. No especial cause can be as
signed for its prevalence at this time.
It is prevalent all over the country,
seems on this occasion to have come
from the east, following the railroads,
and ha3 been in the district about
one week. Once here it is passed
along easily. Little Mary pets it. She
couahs in johnny's face and he has it.
Daddy kisses Johnny and catches It,
and then Mother comes down with a
fatal kiss f rom the head of the fam
ily. It has come at the wrong time
cf the year, about three months late
or nine months too soon. That's
about all the doctors can tell of it
except that the Warren district does
not sffer alone. Even Naco has its
cpideni'C cf grip.
from time to time in the future comes
1 Dn ,e market, to replace the silver
P0 borrowed by purchase in the market
i at the fixed price of $1 per fine ounce
fln(i replace the borrowed silver
I hv. cojniI1;r the new silver acquired for
that purpose into standard silver dol
lars. Theie is no limit in which this
must be done."
No silver dollars have been coined ,
since lftOi. For half dollars, quarlcrs
and dime3. the government thi-j year
ncf.ds about 21,000.000 ounces of silver,
Determination on the part of the
.treasury officials to urge the fixing
of .a silver price resulted from tae
erratic fluctations of the silver market
A conference of western senators,
silver producers and treasury officials
recently discussed the subject at
length with the idea of H nn ounce as
a fair prire.
TRAIN DYNAMITED
rttv Itevlow I-eaxetl VIr
JUAREZ. Mex., April 9 The pas
senger train which left here on the
Mexican Central railroad Saturday
i morning for the south was dynamited
(and wrecked at Noe station a short
i dists nee north of Torreon, today, ae-
I cording to a message received here
tonight. No details were given.
i
. .-f--i -. . ; y.
. M
4
: j
- K
Secretary Newton D. Baker and Gen.
HOLD IN
WITH CRI
-a
ARGUMENT ABOUT
SACK OF FLOUR
CAUSES KILLING
(By Review Leased Wire)
GLOBE, Ariz.. April 9 John j
Franks, a sheriff's deputy, stP.tio:i- )
ed at Christmas and Winkleman )
was shot and killed late this af- j
ternoon by a Mexican groc ery clerk,
A Santhez. according to reports 5
reaching the sheriff's office tonight )
from Christmas. Sanchez is re- j
ported to have escap?d and to be
in hiding in the mountains. Sher
iff Armer and a posse left here to
niuht for Christmas. According to
the meager information r-achin
the sheriff, the shooting followed
: a uuarrol over the efforts of Franks j
; to purchase a sack of flour. (
Oatman First to
Go Over the Top
In Liberty Drivq
PHOENIX. April 9 "Reports from
all sections of the state show that the
third Liberty loan is going forward
satisfactorily," stated H. J. McCIung.
state chairman of the drive, this
morning. "As a matter of fact, the
rest of the state is showing up bettei I included beside Mr. Poppen, Vance
than is Maricopa county," added Mi;- Johnson. Gerald Sherman and Joe
Clung. "Maricopa will have to do ' Chapman. '
seme excellent work to make up her rjr. Kimball lannister of the Phoe
allotment of $1,350,000, but we expect nx Country Club, had the lowest
her to do it. Oatman reported 100
per cent over-subscribed the first day"
said McCIung. "Thatcher also report
ed over-subscribed cn the first day
and similar reports are coming in
from other sections."
"We expect Maricopa county to
make a good showing," was the com
ment of Joseph R. Loftus, chairman
of the county committee, this morn
ing. "We want every man in Marico-
pa county who is able to do so to pur -
chase a Liberty bond. To this end, no
one will be overlooked. The county
is organized in sun manner that the
canvass will be thorough and com-
plete and we do not expect a single
person to be overlooked. Every one
will he given the opportunity of sub-
scribing, or explaining why he does
net -ubscribe.
The headquarters for the third Lib-
erty lean campaign is one of the busi- won over Lewis Scott of Phoenix and : and pull at the "quick" of a tender
est places in Phoenix risht now and Louis Mongressor cf the San Marcos. I corn? That's the old, savage way.
will continue to be such until the cam In addition. Judge Adams won the i "Gets-It" is thj modern, painless, sim
paign is ended and Arizona has again professional score by 4 points. j pie way. Lean over and put two drops
gone beyond her allotment and re- The following officers were elected of "Gets-It" on the corn, put your
peatej 'ier past performances of do- for the ensuing year at the business stocking and shoe right on again, and
ng more than called upon to do. This
i3 the announced determination of all Paso, president; William Coleman
connected with the drive and nothing Rogers of Phoenix, vice-president; J.
less will be satisfactory to them. ; S. Curtiss of El Pasc, secretary and
Division Chairman Sam Proctor, treasurer: Henrv Poppen of Bisbee
who is in charge of the public institu- and F. W. McClennan of Tucson, di
tions in Phoenix, today reports that ; rectors.
the state tax commission shows up The 1919 tournament will be held
100 perrent strong. Every
employe
of the
of the commission and each
commissioners has subscribed tc the
I Third Liberty loan.
CASUALTY USTS
ARE REPORTED
fContlnuM from Paue One)
Greener. Jack Scharf, Jovo Vucelich,
Ceorge wener.
Died of wounds Lieutenants Fran- Mier. Privates Lawrence J. Folz., McCabe. Wm. E. Macy. Michael F.
cis V. Frazler, E. L. Mooney. Serg-ijchn MatUon. James A. Moore. Phil- Nallcn. Edmund M. Templin. Frank
cant Joseph Roberts. Privates Em-; ip L Mucha. Thomas O l.aughlin, R. Mallette. Bugler Troy E. Dressier,
est G. Anderson, George H. Schaeffer., Charles Oldynski. Gaetano Perrone, , Privates Wnlter P. Allen, Leonardo
Win. Wassis. i j0hn Safa. Audino. Joseph Belanger, John A.
Died of disease Sergeant Harold, Wounded slightly Captain Martin Blanchfield. Joseph Braham. Frank
A. Gustin, meningitis; Wagoner Roy H Meaney. Lieutenants Arthur L.!Iuk. Michael J. Carey. Bernard Da
Lee Munsell, pneumonia; Privates , pUnnell. John W. Kevency. Floyd L. I ley. Leonard P. Davis. George Den
Simon Cole, pneumonia, Emilio Deln-1 Stevens, Hunt Warner, Delbert O. ' ni :k, James Ellsworth. Louis Form-
ero, pneumonia, Oscar Heury, pneu -
monit; Mack try. empyema; Oieen t ., Sergeants Francis Eustace. Wm. J.
Rosell. abscess; Evart V. Wilson,' Francis. Patrick B. Hayes. James A.
measles. j Hennessv. Robert Jureeson. John J.
Wounded severely Lieutenants j Kenny. Denis McCarthy. Alonzo II.
Grover C. Inglis. -John D. Wallace, McCertnev. James McGarvey. Ken
Jr. Sergeants John J. Eckels, Erwin I netlr O. Russell. James Whalen. Mu-
Manteuffel. Cooks Joseph Buzinskl.
Frank V. Dzinski Joseph A. Farr.
Corporals voiney w. i anieii, aiyrton
A. Goduard. Jonn fc,. Harding, fcmue
H. Kormann. Edward F. Newmann, Edward F. Flanagan. George D. Hell
StepJien J. Palick. Allison E. Preiss,man George Hoblitzell. James M.
Harold A. Sanford. John E. Williams., Major. Frank F. Mav. William Miller.
Mechanics Albert G. Lambert. Walter;
H. Miner, Paul J. Caiavett. Privates,
Florenzo Alciati, Koland G. Ailing. !
Wm. C. Atkins, Edward Atkinson
Fritx F. Aust, Wm. Beal. Leon Be
chere, Luigi Berti, John Bouchet, Al
bert P. Bull, Giocanni Cavallari, Phil
lip A. Cote, Herbert A. Crooke, Ray
mond Decker, John F. Dowar, Ben
jamin W. Erickson. Stanley E. Erick
son John Fitzgerald. I harles R. tx-, Byrne, Jack Cameron. Francis Carser.
er. John M. Flanagan, Montie H. Ful- James H. Cochrane. James D. Cocks,
ler, Paul L. Ginter. Stanley L. Goem-J Rolert H. Coffey, James J. Conway,
beski, Henry J. Griffin, Cornelius , James V. Decicco. Joseph P. DeNatr,
Groenveld. John B. Gross. Victor A. Dwight L. Dimock. Frederick W. Dop
Haap, Stanley Hermanonski. Adam J. ! man. Herbert H. Dunlay. Kalil Eased.
Kaniecky. Joseph L. Kelaninski, Thomas J. Ferris. John V. Folev. Paul
ueorge kuzhiik, Aiax i.evenoerg ueo.
A. Libby, James E. McCue, Henry E.
McGuire, Joseph E. McHugh, Austin
E. Mahan, Stephen M. Marrak, Leo
Martin. Leroy D. Mayuard. Paul H.
Mavnard, Victor A. Meyers. Thomas
J. Murphy. Georee Nebhan, John M.
Pressey Guido G. Rossi, Albert Ros-
J signol, Andrew- Rusnock. Harry .
Simmons. Clifford H. Titus, James fc..
William?, Alvin F. Wordin.
Wounded slightly Lieutenant Zack
J. Moore. Sergeant t harles .1 Coop
er. Corporals Charles K. Bourke,
Ralph J. Johr.son. John L. Murray,
Merrlil N. Pt tin. Raymond F. Sawyer.
Walter M. Slater. Bugler Thomas It.
Fallon. Privates Ednard Warner Al
lison. Lciils Atkins. Win. C. Boylen.
John J. Clancy John T. Darby, 3os-
I eph M. Doherty. Edw'.n G. Hiscock,
Eugene C. Hoxie. Dan Lsrned, Fran
' els "KCrail. Baxter C. Parker. Win.
j P. Pierce. Raymond Poole. Charles
' W. Powers, George W. Rider, Rudolph
j II. Rivard. Calvin G. Sanger. Jacob P.
' Sanhe'm. Samuel J. Sparks. Leroy K.
I S'atiffer. i:euiamiii D. Steele. Nunrio
! Terzo. John T. Tcirc. Ralph M. Wal
I lure.
The list for Anril S follows:
I Killed In action Privates Anton
I Kr-'us. Clayton Miligan
Died of disease Sergeant Wm. A.
; Bnrtels, pneumonia. Saddler
I Brooks, pneumonia. Privates
W. Path, pneumonia; Arthur Jackson. Charles F. Hickcy. Thomas F. Malo-pm-uinoma
; Wm. 15. Kennedy, peri- ne. Jr.. Percy Kossi. Klmer Widen.
POPPEN ELECTED
TO DIRECTORATE
OF GREENS CLUB
Henry Poppen of Rlsbee, was elect
ed to a place on the board of directors
of the Southwestern Golf Association
at the annual meeting of the associa
tion, at Chandler, Arizona, on Monday
according to information reaching this
city last evening. None of the Bisbee
players who attended the meeting
took cups or places in the title events.
All. however, made good showings and
this district was not without honors
in the final round-up. when Poppen
emerged with third lienors in the to
tal points.
Phoenix followers of the greens cap
tured nearly all of the worth-while
events of the tournament, which ex
tended over two days and was one or
the most successful ever held in this
state. Golfers from as far as El Paso
attended, and the attendance from
i cities within the state was especially
; large.
Ideal spring weather favored
the sportsmen, and the evasion was
one of the most enjoyable ever staged
at Chandler. Those attending the
tournament from the Warren district
score of th tourney, at "-. and was
awarded the Southwestern Gclf asso -
ciation cup for the year. The second
flight was won by Charles McArthur,
also of the Phoenix Country Club,
with Henry Poppen of Bisbee third,
and J. Metz?er of Tucson fourth, and
Juelle Balvord of the San Marcos club
fifth.
The Phoenix Country Club team won
the squad play with 30 strokes. ,
' E. E. Moore of San Marcos won the;
first consolation, which gave him pos-j
session of the president's cup. Second
consolation was won by Dr. CV. A. I
Schrater of Fl Paso, third by Thomas!
K. Ritchay of Tucson, fourth by P. H.
Curry of Miami and fifth by J. S. Cur- J
tiss of El Paso. j
In the professional match played .
yesterday afternoon. Judge Adams of I
Tucson and Charles Ditrick of Globe ;
meeting: Dr. C. A. Schrater of El
at El Paso, providing war conditions
permit. A mot'on was passed to hold
the meet in January and extend it to
three davs instead of two, as formerly,
: tonitis; Thomas Lash, pneumonia;
i Chri9 Peterson, pneumonia.
( Died. . cause unknown Sergeant
i Leonard L. Scott. Private Namam
i Small.
i Wounded severely Lieutenant
Wounded
i jchn y. Sherrick. Corporal Axe! A.
Arcnson. Bugler Robert J. Trump-
j Wilmeth. Nurse Isabel Stambaugh.
; gjcians William A. Lanaean. Mark L.
; white. Corporals Patrick J. Clarke,
, Thomas J. Courtney, Andrew. Donevan
, nenis .1. Donovan. Henry S. Fisher.
Thomas J. Petrio, Harry W. Ryers, i
Charles A. Thomas. Herman H. Von!
Glahn. Mechanics Frank Duffv. John !
i J Hayes Patrick J. O'Neill. Henry D. ; casualty list issued April 2nd er
1 Wills. Cooks Joseph F. Brady, Fre-' roneous In cablegram for Cletis W.
rierick Ege, Preston D. Johnson. John ' Smith, listed above.
O'Connor. Privates Pendleton Beall, j The list for April 7 follows:
James F. Begley, Wm. T. Beyer, i Killed in action Private Wilfert
Charles J. Brennan, Alexander A. Rnoorecht.
Broehon. Walter H. Pryan. Patrick J.
Gaston. Francis J. Gaul, Frank J. Gor
man, hristian J. Groth. Leslie Harris,
John L. Henderson, George H. While
man, Dennis Hogan. Albert Jensen.
Joseph J. Jones. Julius Katz, Jethro
H Kelser. Walter H. Ktintzmm. rier
man Lesser. O.fcar C. Lindquist.
James P. McCabe, Georee MoUarieal,
Eucene McGcvern, Tatrick J. McGo
wan. Frank J. McPartland. Roscoe O.
McPherson, Gcore Meleky, Edward
T. Mendes. Joser'i Michael, Joseph A.
lornn. Thomas F. Murphy, Frederick
E. Peterson. Bertrand H. Pierre.
F rank Powers, James J. Reillv. James
V. Stuer. Henrv Schmid, John A.
Shevlin. Leslie H. Smith. William O
Stark. John F. Sullivan. Ijiwrenco F.
Sylvester, Chrlstcpher G. Walker.
Killed in s,,t!on Lieutenant Julian
N. Bow. Privates Paul Lizzie. Adam
r'f "'- Muthew M. Ilvan. An'honv
Willinsky. -ar,
Died of disease Sereennts Millard
E. Fife. Franklin C. Williams. Priv-.
fl'i-i Cyton D. Hill. Wm. Mon'so-!
nerv. Raymond Snyder. Malachi T. il-,
Hams.
Lied of accid"tit Corporal Ben- '
jamin J. Seifert. Private James
l!.n:;)hi;i.
Wounded severely Lieutenants
Tom Johnson, Allen. John Cabot
Blood. Sergeants Tollis F. Cchh. Her-
Earl man Sollish. Corporal Harry L. Cur
F.ric tis. Privatos Howard P. Claypoole, !
CANADIAN OFFIGER TO
HELP SALES OF BONDS
Captain Coo. a Canadian officer
who has recently returned from the
battle frcnt in France and wjio has
seen several of the largest actions on
tho Picartly battle lines, will he the
feature of a patriotic meeting to b
held Thursday ni-ht at the I ishee
V. .P C. A. The officer is sr ut to
this district by the Dallas federal re
serve bank, to assist in tbe boosting
of sales of the third Liberty Bond is
sue. Captain Coo has been tourning the
I'niied States for the past several
weeks. For a time his work was de
voted to the enlistment of men in the
British and Canadian armies. Later
as the time for the issuance of the
third Liberty Loan drew near, the
captain offered !is services to thin
government as a pnhli speaker. He
will grve first hand word pictures of
battle scenes, will speak of the Hun
barbarism and will generally give a
patriutic address setting forth res
sons for the p urchase of Liberty
Bonds and for the devotion of every
atom cf energy and time to the as
sistance of the government in the
war.
THIS CORN WILL
PEEL RIGHT OFF!
"Gets-lf Makes Corns Come Off The
"Banana-Peel" Way
Why have to flop on the floor.
squeeze yourself up like the letter "2"
; and with bulging eyes draw your face
j p into a wrinkly knot while you gouge
forget the corn. Pain is eased.
' Gets It" has revolutionized the
treatment of corns. It never irritates
the true flesh. Youll stop limping on
the side of your shoe, and do away
with greasy salves, bundling bandages,
thick plasters, and painful methods.
Use "Gets-It." It's common sense.
i "Gets-It" is sold by all druggists
! (you need pay no more than 25ents),
or it will be sent direct by E.
Law
Adv. irenee & Co., Chicago, 111.
Vcunded sliEhtly Captain Fenton
Taylor. Lieutenants Harry C. Fish,
John R. Quinn. Sergeant Sidney A.
Dacosta. Kueler Sereeant Herbert
j Hammaker. Mess Servreant Joser."i K.
Jerue. Battalion Sereeant Mjior F.
I J. Wagcner. Corporals John Been-
ard. Wm. H. Crunden. Matthew P.
hal, John A. Frairciseo. Wm. H. Hall
rTed Haworth, Liee Havclip, Herbert
J. Hill, James F. Houlishan. Frank J.
Uobbs. John James. Joseph Kinsella,
Stanley Krankcwski, John J. Kvle. W.
A. Lauria. Vincent J. McGrath. Era-
mett McNabb. Edward A. McNeill.
! Raymond H. Malmquist. David Marks.
Paul A. Mielke, Frederick Monohan.
John F. Morrissey. Peter M. Murphy,
Llike O'Neill, Eugene H. Peterson.
Joseph C. Prevatt. Ormonde Primm,
John J. Quirk. David Roach. Frank
Salvatore, Cletis W. Smith. Lawrence
Taborsky, Harry Wertx. Charles
Wise.
Harley C. Smith reported in the
Died of disease A F. C. Benjamin
(nn title given) T. Tinsley.
Privates Jarred Gordon. Clifford N.
Lambert. Frank F. Miller, Harold G.
Van Norden.
Severely wounded Lieutenant Wm.
J. McGreeor. Privates Frederick
Dnvls. Robert C. Mills. Clarence A.
Stimpson. Lowell J. Stonnont.
Sliehtlv wounded Captain Wm. L.
? nith. I 'entenants Robert B!y. Mer
r'tt M. Guthrie. Ssddler Harry I.
S'ne. Privates James J. Butler. Rus--!l
J Ksn'ner. Louis L. KemD. Carl
OcNchlicer. Howard J. Ruswick. J.
C. Smith.
rrf. t,. rencrtel missine. now
rnnortei prisoner enten's John A
o'..v,n M-rfc Trent. Corporal J.
J Payne. Jt. P'iva's Rnd"i- M.
""i-i'q ttarry K. Birney. Barney
Burin. Eugene F. Curtiss. Ashjorn
" 'm. lhe rt M. Kennedv. Hans iJir
t, l-'c rr I eifsst!ser wn F Vr
vln. James Moran. Adelburt Morey,
IVnnw F. O'Connor Wm. F VCon-
tt, o'yeft s.Tnne! J. Peters.
Jet --h Reil. Carl Schultz.
r-vio"s'" reported k'Ucd in scti.-n.
nr- rer"rted prisoner Private
V vr-eus I). Souza.
JACK SMITH SIGNS.
' T ' - - T ' v ' -T I nst "'lr
ST. I OCIS. April 9 Jack Smi'h.
rutfiplder. today signed a contract for
the 1918 season with the St. Ijuls
Nationals, according o President
Branch Rickey." .Mthourh Smith was
a hold-cut. he played with the Cardin
als yesterday in the first game of the
spring series with the St Louis Amer
icans. 1 FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY MORNING, APRIL 10, 1918.
PUBLISHED EVERY DAY EXCEPT MONDAY BY THE
STATE CONSOLIDATED PUBLISHING COMPANY.
:ULLEN A. CAIN..
..Editor and General Manager
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
The Associated Tress Is exclusively entitled to the
use lor republication of all news dispatches credited to
it or not oUierv. ise credited to this paper and also the
local news published herein. "
All rights of republication of special dispatches herein
are also reserved.
Entered as Second Class Mail Matter at Bisbee, Arizona,
Under Act of March 8, '.879.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES, PAYABLE IN ADVANCE:
yER MONTH "5
THREE MONTHS 2.25
SIX MONTHS 4.00
TWELVE MONTHS ?-60
SCNDAY (Our Weekly) per year 2.50 ,
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per quarter .75 I
No Subscription TaKcn For Less Than 75 Cents.
Summary of Conditions
After a Year of War
A concise and authoritative summary of
this nation's achievements in an industrial
and financial way during the first year of
the war, and her condition and prospects
at the beginning of the second year has
been prepared by New York experts. It is
most cheerful and encouraging in. tone,
without being boastful and is presented
herewith in full because of the vital effect
all industrial activities and setbacks have
upon the military situation in modern war
when conducted upon such a vast scale:
With the advent of spring there are in
creasing activities in all directions, especial
ly in pushing the war; and preparations
for a more vigorous campaign are evident
u,pon all sides. It is now a year since we
declared war against Germany; and, de
spite the shortcomings and mistakes which
invoked a flood of criticism, splendid prog
ress has been made. It must be remem
bered that we entered this struggle upon a
much larger scale at the start than any
other nation except Germany. The Allies
entered more gradually, and upon a much
smaller scale than ourselves. It may not
be advisable to give details, but it is well
known that we have trained and equipped
a large army in an incredibly short period,
and have already transported a large por
tion to the front three thousand miles
away. '
Our navy has been immensely strength
ened in both numbers and efficiency. Our
industries have been successfully -mobilized
upon a war basis; and the country's
energies have been concentrated with grat
if3'ing speed and success upon winning the
war. The result of all these preparatory
efforts will soon be much more apparent
than now. It must be remembered that
this war is a huge job, for which we were
not prepared, either in organization or
plans. More or less blundering and waste
expenditure were inevitable at the start.
Our army had to be gathered over a widely
scattered area; men and munitions were
transported over long distances; while
much delay and confusion were caused by
the breakdown of transportation and the
hardships of a severe winter. With the dis
appearance of these difficulties, there
should Develop a hearty co-operative spirit
from the Atlantic to the Pacific.
When will Germany waken to the bitter
consequences of adding the United States
to her long list of enemies? The longer
Germany delays submission, and the more
damage she inflicts upon others, the more
severe will be the terms of settlement and
the worse her ultimate breakdown. Count
Czernin's latest peace talk is merely cam
ouflage, intended to conceal the enemy's
growing anxiety for peace; the best an
swer to which is the president's call for ad
ditional men and the announcement . in
Great Britain that the age limit of army
service has been raised.
The Third Liberty Loan campaign is now
on. It should be pushed with every ener
gy. The loan can and will be easily float
ed. Three billions is a much smaller sum
than expected. The higher rale, 4 1-4
per cent and the short term, ' 1 0 years, will
tend to stabilize these and previous Liberty
issues. Though not convertible into high
er rate issues, they may after six months
ownership be used in payment of inheri
tance taxes at par.
The income tax payable next June may
almost equal -$3,000,000,000; but the
country will have no trouble about meet
ing this test of the war, as well as continu
ing financial aid to our Allies. Indeed the
marvel is the facility with which the Unit
ed States takes on all these applications,
proving that our financial resources are
much larger than ever dreamed of. Hie
first year of war has co-t the United States
fcine billions, of which more than half went
to our Allies, one-third to our own army,
one-tenth to the navy, and one-fifteenth to
shipbuilding. One-sixth of this amount
was raised by taxation, the balance from
Liberty bonds.
Crop advices are very favorable thu3 far.
and the April winter wheat report will
show a considerable improvement in condi
tion compared with last year. The neces
sity for conservation of flour is jlill press
ing owing to poor quality of last year's
crop, but the Flour Administrator is au
thority tor the statement that this year's
wheat crop promises 600,000,000 to 850
000,000 bushels against 650,000,001)
bushels last year. The dullest industry in
the country is probably that of building,
because of high costs of labor and materi
als; also owing to disposition of the Gov-,
ernment to discourage any important new
construction, in consequence of which a
scarcity of housing room is deyelcting.
The stock market behaves well; very
well considering the strain and diversion
of war. Activity is limited; yet there is a
confident undertone, and all setbacks are
followed by prompt recoveries. Prices re
spond much more readily to good news
than to bad news. There is a decided dis
position to resist bad news, evidently part
of the confident war spirit. Stocks appear
to be concentrated in strong hands, specu
lative holdings being remarkbaly light.
Government loans naturally absorb a
large part of the new capital and savings.
During March the amount of new enter
prises reported of a million or over was on
ly $128,000,000, against '$260,000,000 a
year ago; while the- similar totals since
January I were $458,000,000 and $809
000,000 respectively. In other words war
has cut down home investments in new en
terprises fully one-half. This means that
when the struggle is over there will be a
rush of deferred enterprises in this coun
try, which added to other demands means
widespread business activity, implies a
great demand for capital and labor, and
continued high prices.
Increased activity against pro-Germans
and German sympathizers by the grea?
masses of the American people is becom
ing most marked the past few days. A
drive on these traitors has been organized
in a half dozen Ohio cities. Mobs have
formed in five or six Illinois towns the past
week and forced these propagandists to
kiss the national flag and leave town'. AH
through the middle west the wave of
patriotism sweeps on. And so far, not a
single governor of any of these states has
reared back on his hind feet to denounce
these citizens uprisings and call for martial
law against loyalists who are trying to
purge their communities of a pestilence.
Only Governor Hunt of Arizona is on rec- y
ord with an effort to protect traitors and
dismay loyal meji. A man cannot serve
two masters these days ; either he is for his
government in such a manner that he
stands without blemish in the sunlight, or
he is against it, crouching in the foul mias
ma of suspicion. Half way measures are
perilous to this nation. Loyal men are not
passively for their country right now, they
are actively for her at any cost.
Not only did the allied line hold all week
in Picardy, but the German submarine toll
for the past seven days was lqwer than for
many weeks. Only five ships of over six
teen hundred tons were sunk. This,
against a toll of eighteen and nineteen and
up high in the twenties for each of the past
four or five weeks. Upon the rise or fall
of the submarine toll depends as much as
anything else the speed with which Ameri
can strength can be thrown into the scales
against the kaiser to a degree that will mark
his fall.
An attempted renewal of the German of
fensive the last of last week was stopped
dead in its tracks by the resolute British and
flrey French troops. German losses con
tinue to mount to appauling totals. Soon,
very soon, the time will be ripe for that
long hoped for counter attack.
The British lion has turned at bay before
Amiens and the Germans, after three days
of desperate battling, have made no appre
ciable gain. Southward the French lines
are holding everywhere. When will Foch
strike with his still untouched reserves?
Advance news on the third Liberty Loan
are more encouraging than for either of the
previous issues. The third loan is going to
go with an irresistable rush.
The Greek government in shooting two
epics also imposed the szmc sentence on
their lawyer. The result of this experi
ment will be watched with interest.
iWARR
EN DISTRICT
IJBfRIY CAN
(Continued from Page One)
HERE ARE MARY, DOUG AND CIIARLIE MAPPING OUT -
THEIR CAMPAIGNS FOR THE THIRD LIBERTY LOAN.
ii Hull' i in iimi im
i
response to the call for pledges to tne
; 'thfrd Liberty loan came yesterday
iroci me msQee jwisiomce. iwemy
are -m;.loyed in the office, eighteen
clerks, a janitor and an assistant post
master. Seventy-five per cent of tins
f . . r- i ranltnd a t1,A vnttnmiiidnl'a !lll
! nnd pledged their purchase of at leat
one Dona, wun tne result mat ai me
end of bis canvasq Postmaster L. R.
Pulley hnd a.idd $1150 to the total of
the district. Of the five who did not
rcspi nd to the call at this time, two
are investing their saving In thrift
stamps, one is on a vacation, one is
sick in bed nnd ti.e filth has already
I'leJucd his limit In th? past bond
issues.
Foilowing are the postal clerks ani
their rayments made yesterday, rep
resenting one-tenth of the total sub
scribed: 1'iesElj. D. A $ 5.00
Warrick, Mary Ailce 5.0')
McQuiUiaru. Loretta 5 00
Turner, Mary '. .. 5.00
Vf:ker, Lillian 5.0
Martin. Mfbel 5.00
Clothier, Josephine 5.00
McCall. Marguerite ln-00
Hampston. Anna J 10.00
Abless. Hermla l'T.OO
Kinsclla, Katherine 10.00
Barnard. IWilah 10.00
Ko?nig. Ixinis 5.00
! l.cuis, Venita K 10.00
Total $105.00
Reponte Is Willing
Two committees were actively at
work yesterday in the business district
of the city, one on Main street and
another on Brewery gulch. In both
instances results far beyond expecta
tions were secured and the worker3
returned to their headquarters mere
t-fin lire-1, but more than pleased. In
the evening.
In the district above Brewery gulch
on the south side, whei-? la a resi
dence of persons of less than ordinary
ireans, surprising response to the call
wr.s reported. In a ew hours one.
cemmittee In this section of the city
secured $4,000 in pledges. Each com
mittee nt the end of the day. reported
fhft the spirit is 100 per cent better
and more prompt thr.n was the re
sponse in October for the second" Lib
erty !oan.
County Quotas Changed
One of the feature developments of
the campaign yesterday was the
change In quota alloted to this county
when the Delias Reserve bank, which
has jurisdiction In this part of iie
sou'h,?st, notified J. N. Gaines, the
chairman, that Cochise county will be
called on for pledges in the sum of
$1,350 000, instead of $1,118,000, as In
scch the first an dsecond Liberty
loHii drives. The result is that this
'JI-t'i"t -a-iu have to ralsi et least
$750,000 instead of the approximate
$C5C.0Cl which was lloted In ttie
j.as' sia its quota.
District quotas will be determined
m ti:e oevasion of this drive, it was
mnojnred last night, by the assessed
vaiua'.i-.n each school district as
compared with the total county valu-ati-u.
This decisicn was reached
alter a conference of J. N". Gaines and
ci';Q A. C. Lockwooi. Judge Lock
word will establish the quotas in
Tcmcstone .and will Issue to each dis
trict a statement of th-j sum which
the district will be called on to raise.
Allotment of quotas on this basis
will place the Warren district In the
position of having to subscribe prac
tically two-thirds 'of the entire quota
lor the county, since this on? school
district of the county has an assessed
a!ua'ion of approximately two-thirds
of the total assessed valuation o' the
entire county.
How Pearce Feels
Pearc? supplied the county with an
example of patriotic response yester
day when A. Y. Smith, chairman for
thft district reported that witS his
work less than one-half completed,
mine tl:an JS.600 had been subscribed.
Ff w residents remain in the Pierce
district since the closing of the mines
and the showing1 of the district is one
cf t!:3 best so far made In the state.
Reports from other districts in the
ccunty have not come In as yet ani
are not expected for at least the next I
week nr ten da vs. Chairman Gaines'
stated last night. The filing of the J
report from Pearce, he said, was
merely a circumstance or coincidence
in the great campaign.
5
v.:
3-
"X
if.
'1
t -1 y
. ' . .v4'-i i.. ,: !
? ?
ft. ..." -sr.,' -. ' -HZ
i.
X
i
A
' i
Douglas Fairbanks, Mary Pickford and Charlie Chaplin, the most divine of screen stars, planning their third
Liberty loan campaigns.
r
Secretary of the Treasury McAdoo has assigned a territory to each of the movie stars above and they are
all poing to boost the third Liberty loan with all their mipht and main. If Douir Fairbanks approachea yea
in his hearty manner, or Mary Pickford smiled at you the least bit. or Charlie Chaplin turned on you his charm
in S grin and you refused to buy a bond you would be a hopeless affair. Ail of them helped in the campaigns
Worn.
State and County News Briefs
County Briefs
all the barber shops in Douclas wiil California In the gold days, and in
open at 8 o'clock iiibtead of 9 a. m.,,lST5 he came to the territory of Ari
as was at first decreed by the union zona. He engaged in the cattle biyj
mciiib.rs at a n; -eang soon alter the iss for a time, and then took up
taylisht saving law became effective, sheep raising on the low?r Agua Frla.
three barter shops refused to com-
nlv uiDi the ooer.int: r.n-l closing Juae sawieue ana .vtose Lracnman
H. O. Carr, one of the big ranchers
from the San Simon valley, was in
Tombstone Monday. Mr. Carr lives
neap the Pete Jenses farm and is now SC;ieiule as de.-it. 3d upi-n by the union, left Tucson Monday for Phoenix to
putting down a- well. He vs kurm-, au,i th?re was an ind. cation that a
erly a resident of St. David, living on spirited controversy would arise. In
the eld McKinney place. Mrs. Carr l;ie eem o tthe failuie of the union
accompanied him to the county seat. ( to res ind its order the light com-
mUt had planned to take up with
Henry Barnes, of Rochester, uuio, is n,e American Federation of Labor and
4-rcn court. Judge Rutkin of the cir
:uil court of Washington will pre
side in Tucson in the absenc.1? 1
Judge Sawtelle.
in Tombstone for an indefinite stay
having come to the famous old camp
to "njoy fts wonderful clir.:ate, 'it
which he had heard so mii;li. Mr.
Earnes is delighted with the condi
tions he found here, coming fr;:n Ohio,
where its almost always be;aw zero
at this time of year.
Charged with crossing tho border
without a passport. YV. H. Morrison
the national fuel administration the
inattor of forcing the barbers to com
ply with the puiies of the new law.
The barbers by th 'ir action in heed
ing the re;iiifst ol the committee
show that tli?y are d -termined to
serve their country to the utmost and
The extradition of Fred Foutes. now
nt Los Angeles, was asked yesterday
by Cocnty Attorney McDr?, who for
warded the papers In the case to the
governor. The man Is wanted here
tor issuing worthless checks.
Uprn the occasion of his visit to
tou.a.euuaai n is due tueni ur tneir me 34ntn neiu artillery, at camp r un
patriotic course. i Un.' Governor Hunt was the honor
guest at a banquet given by the Ari
zona soldiers. The musical program
I. .Morrison . n rv i . - r-f
was arrested yesterday at Xoales by' rSrlPT CIlCLLC li)LfiS at tne banquet was in charge ot As
special agents. Morrison was wante.1 J , sistant Band Leader, Manuel Montijo
in Couglas on other charges, it is, of Tucson, who contributed two violin
said. Believing that Mcrrion was; No. man Jji'.nson, former county at- j aoIcs. -La Paloma." and "La Golon
about to cross the line without a poss-1 tcrn-y of Gila, has been retained I3driua."
port, th- special agent lnstn:;-ted hisji;il in tho prosecution of the Powers
chauffaur to obey Morrnyn s orders, hrotr.trs and Iom t-'..s.sr.ns.
tut to bring hiiu back ataiu Accord-
Inely the chauffeur obeyed orders, and I J. G. Keating i.s about to take bis
r.m Morrison across the line. U:en he : sea; as mayor of Florence
... ..i
drove around in a circle a
the man back across the line to wii?ro
the special agent awaited him.
The sale was reported this week o"
about thirty mining claims known as
the Commodore Group and the Copp'r
Keating
was elected to tne position last wee.
H"! is one of the beit-known old-time
lesidtnts in Pinal county.
The case of Feabody Com-o'.iiiate'l
Copper company, appellant, vs. Leo
pold Maier a::d Mernard Maier. np-
Basin Group. Tin claims jL"i:i Hilltop ; pellees, was yesterday filed in the su-
on the north and east aad the llili- preme court on appeal ironi ti:e su
top Extension claiiiis directly on the i perior court of Pinal county.
noith. The claims are being sold by j .
Messrs. M. R. LaRue. C. J. Ijvery ' Covernor Hunt and party are ex
and V. K. Morrow. Mr. Vol'iey B. Jpecied to return from Washington on
Leonard, a mining man of ill Paso. Friday, according to a tlcmam re
and W. 1. Dunn of this pi ice, are j ccived at the o.iice oi the. governor
the purchasing parties. The dteds i yesterday. The telegram staled that
have been placed in escr.-jw at the ti.e par.y l it Washington Sunday
local bank and the final terms of ! :;ight anil wou'.il stop over for one
sale are to be completed within te:iilay in New Orleans,
days.i The consider at ioa is saM to '
run into thousands.
It is expected that development
work will be started as sot.n as some
of the preliminaries hav3 toon dis
posed of.
Josoph Stephens, father of llu-1
Krov.itoa Irvine, charged with wlf
beating in Phoenix, was given a five
years suspended sentence when Mr.
Inlm made an earnest plea In behalf
of the man who had mistreated her.
Mrs. Irvine stated she did not want
to see her husband punished and ask
ed ths court's mercy. The county at
torney did not resist a suspended en-tence.
Superior. In company with practical
ly every other town in the stale, re
sorted to "1S-19" devices to raise their
sale of thri.'t stamps. Thi Superior
people determined how far behind they
wer and put on a 'stunt' night The
results are said to have been excel
leut Tucson is the only town prac
tically speaking, which has not taken
dtci.-ie steps toward raising Its quota
in this manner.
Politicians have been holding nieet-
I tatl. T is free on f :;.'.J0 bond and tee
'. on is out on $l'i.0(!0 bond.
CARRANZA SENDS
KING OF BELGIUM
BIRTHDAY WISHES
Stephens, who last week Killed Rob-lings in Nogales in anticipation ot tne
trt Miiltr in Presiott, has been ar- coming primaries, i ne mane-up oi mo
tested a:ul t!:arge-l jointly with his city -ouncil being the particulfr ob
Uon, with the crime of murder. The : jeetion of their attention at this time.
irntaine cmriMais. accoraing to tne
Nocaii s Herald, on the Democratic
ticket .are: W. J. Neumaun. W. W.
Kurd. T. J Wylle, James Harrison.
George Fielder. R. K. Butler and Geo.
Dunbar. The republicans are said to
have slated Mayor Clagett. J. W. Ed
aicls and K. K. Cumming for re-election
and propose P.racey Curtis. James
Itarry. A. U Peek and A. S. Noon. for
the other candidates.
Uy Review Lensed 'Wire)
MKXICO CITY. April 9. President
Carranza sent tho following message
ti King Albert of Belgium yesterday,
-m the occasion of the King's birthday.
"I have the honor to express to ;
jour majesty, in the namo or tho peo
ple and gj-.ornment of Mexico, my
mcst cordial felicitations on this day
upon which' the anniversary of your
birth is commemorated, and- I am
rleascd to extend my best fishes for
the peace and liberty of Belgium, for
your personal happiness and for that
of voiir august family.
( Signed I "V. CAIIRANZA."
Word was received in Douglas last
night that C. P. Osgood, uriested in
Douglas some time ato on a charge
cf stealing and smuggling or? into the
United States from Mexico, was coii
Wcted in the federal court at Tucson.
J. T. Hendrickson and Jose Reitiaido,
Jr., who wre arrested tho s-jmi time
that Osgood was taken into custody
pleaded guilty. Five men were arrest
ed in the case, two of them having
been released. Th? ore is supposed to The little Yaqiii army of liberation,
have been stolen from various mining , whii h son:e tim ao pleaded guilty
properties in Mexico. Most of it came . cf setting al'oot a conspiracy to iis
lrom the mining property owned by -urn the ttanyuility tit Mexico, by
George F. FaM. It is supposed to hae ; ,u l'ing their kinsmen in Mexico, were
been stolen at various times since the i snitence.l to serve flirty days in the
Western L'nion Teieraph company
I has answered rt.f Florence proiest,
j which alleges thut inadequate wire
I service was mi'.iiKaiu.'d at the Pinal
county sc :t. West t:i I nion main
i tai.is that tl.o bu-'iiess m Kloreuce is
not ad-quale to siipiwjit belter quar
, ters.
Villa raid.
PLAYERS COMPROMISE
To the children if the T'imb.;tone
public schools goes the ere tit o' hav
ing purrhiu.ej the first Liberty Ifind
in the Tombstone Uistui t, of the Third
Liberty l ian. During the last week
the children through subsi riptioa
among tlJt'inselves collected enoiir;!i
William Jennings Bryan, who has
done more to popularize the sale of
grape Juice than any other himan
living or dead must positively an
nounce that he will confine his ora
torical efforts to strictly patriotic
themes or he will not be allowed to
sr "k in this city as part of the
Chaptauqua program to be presented
tere next mcnUi. Thin was the con
census o' opinion at a gathering of
lei reentative citizens held In the fed
eral court chambers la -it evening.
C-. Br si was elected clia.rman.J 1 hot-a In attendance at the meeting
lomuiiaee on by-laws will be ap-jwere among the prominent men who
Pima (oti.ity jail ye.-t rdny jor the al
leged violation of neutrality.
i C r iii...'ie:i ot ti.e b'ircau cf mine;
;f tho Chamber ol CumiinTco at Ttic
i.oli, was c.JO.-aniui ited yesterlay at
a no li:i' cu the board of directors.
i:.
A
money to purchase a bond, nnd whin . pointed by Mr. Bush at a s'lbs-.-quent guaranteed the expenses of the Chau-
n eeiia
days.
within tr. ? next two or tnree tauqna
!
All pti'iu ts to locate Fred Gr.ititw aa l. I
(Hv Review Leased Wire)
ST. LOCKS. Mo.. Aoril 9. Derrill
j Pratt ar.d John La van. .'ormer mem
bers of ti.e St. Louis American, who
compromised thfir $."iii.0()i damage
I suit against Phil Ball, president of
the St. I.iuis club, received $5,400 in
J settlement, aeeoidilig to illloriliation
( obtained here today. This was the
total ,iin-'imt paid to the two men.
B. ll t di said the settlement dH
I not tost hiui cent, nnd sportiir; j
I men coiieludcd lb'' Atuericau League
' bad tooted the MIL '
the compaign openod entered their ap
plication for the first bond. But this
is not the best part of the story. Th!
children inspired with U.e patrinti-iii
of Young Ameiica. in turn presented
the bond to the Tombstone Auxili
ary of th'.' American Red Cr.'ss. which
will be, used in Cue purchase of sup .
lilies. This is a patriotic act tluit is
highly ' commendable on the ,i. it of
the children and th'. teachers who a--!
sisted them, and orly again shows that
Old Tombstone can always he found at ,
the front line trench no mutter what i knew n to have been despondent be
be the occasion. i cans of ill health.
-Globe Record.
who disappeared ."r-'Ui Phoenix April
1, have !u lur failed, according to the
r nnoiin. eiiiettt at the skcrtll's oflice
there. Several members cf the sher
iit's department have Imh ti working on
GOVERNMENT NAMES
PRICE ON LEAD ORE
lly Hf lew l.eas-l Win-
WASHINGTON. April 9 To cbar
the cast for the past several day i. ; (,,, b i-.iisundei stalling on the part of
w ithout anv uuitei ial . results. It is j the ban industry concerning the price
ihoiiylit pi ssihl - that the man mithf at vltu-b the government will ia sup
hae taken his own lite, lis he waslpij,.,! tH maximum and minimum re-
qu'.ioiiK'iils of Iced, the war industries
Ik an! today explained that the price
The DniiMas barbers' ui.i n. ;ci enl
Jug lo Sam Yaiii 'll. (hairm.in ot the
local Mad and lilit rumaiit: e. has
yielded to the ultimatum laid Jow a
by the couiuiitlce lust Satitid.iy, anil
'agreed iiiMm with the producers last
t;e r e II. H-!iu. o ie o" the pioneers wei k was the monthly average of the
(I Aru.'iia and lor leniiy ;i"'r a re I-' prve li.--t contained in the April issue
den: ot .i;ipiii co'inty. died last week ot' the Kngiileei ing & Mining Journal,
it Us home m i l,iei;i Mr. Helm ' AccoidtUK to the list the average
wps a uatne ot Ouiuiu. H tauae tojpiite will be 7.091 teut per pouud. THE B1SBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY MORNING, APRIL 10, 1918.
FIVE
Mifiing and Financial .News
BY REVIEW
NEW YORK. April 9. Attention
was divided today between the pro
gress of the liberty loan campaign
and the course of events along tne
Franco-Belgian front
To the renewal of Teutonic diver -
sions in the latter quarter was attrib -
uted the heaviness of prices and grad-
ual reduction of total dealings, total
sales barely approximating 175,000
shares.
Domestic happenings, actual and
prospective, such as a slight easing of
call loans, several favorable state-
ments of raffroad earnings and the
United States steel tonnage report for
March, to be-lssued tomorrow, scarce-
. ly entered into the calculations of
traders.
The only evidence of cause and ef
fect was afforded by the metal group.
coppers displaying relative firmness
on tfce resumption of operations in
Mexico. Shares of silver companies
made no response to the bill intro
duced in the senate fixing one dollar
as the price of the white metal.
Pacifies, grangers and minor rails
were lower by one to almost throe
points.
United States steel forfeited the bet
ter part of a point, kindred equip
ments manifesting more steadiness.
More than ordinary activity was
shown by international bonds. Anglo-
French fives, selling at the year s be3t
quotation, though gaining only a frac
tion. Liberty issues reacted at the
outset ,the four's hardening later.
Total sales, par value. $4,525,000'.
U. P. Bonds, old issues unchanged
on call.
NEW YORK COTTON
NEW YORK, April 9. Cotton closed
firm; net 16 points higher to 1 point
lower.
GRAINS
CHICAGO, April 9. Liklihood of
Y higher prices for future deliveries
when new style trading begins tended
today to uphold the corn market.
Steadiness prevailed at the close,
which, was exactly the same as 24
hours before, with May $1.27 interior.
Oats lost V4 to Mc net. In provisions,
the outcome was a gain of 2 to 57c.
Attention of corn traders centered
chiefly on forecasts of the proper
price level for. July delivery, new
style contracts. A popular opinion
was that the right value basis would
be fixetLby comparison with, the cost
of nuiMf,&i',4J mixed, which today soli
at ab$trLS51.5 a bushel. Ab
sence of" seaboard' demand weakened
oats, despite changes expected saon in
contract grades.
Provisions sympathized with higher
quotations op hogs.
NEW YORK METALS
NEW YORK, April. 9. Lead, quiet;
spot. $72U(g7X0; Spelter, quiet; Spot,
East St. Louis delivery, offered at 700.
Bar silver, 91.
Closing Quotations April 9, 1918
(By L. J. Overlock)
NEW YORK
Anaconda 63
American Can 42
American Car , 78 I
American Smelter 77 j
American Locomotive 62V, 1
American Sugar 101 Boundary Cone 2
Baldwin 76 ; Gold Road Bon 4 6
Bethleh-m Steel (IS) 77Gold Reed 5
C. & O - 55 i GGoId Cliff 13
C. F. &. 1 39 j Lucky Boy 2
Canadian Facific 136 j Sunnyside 4 5
Central Leather 6C!4 iTelluride 12
Crucible Steel 62
Distillers Securities 45
Erie 14V4
uenerai Motors ii7g
Industrial Alcohol 1224 1
Iackawanna 77
Maxwell .1 26V2 j
Marine, Pfd 92
Midvale 45i !
Mexican Petroleum 93V
K" 1- . . .... 1 1
1. VCJiildl ..r......
Northern Facific 84 "
Reading 80
Rubber 54
Rep. Steel 79
Studebaker 38-14
Steel 90K,
Steel, Pfd 109- 1
St. Paul 39 !
Southern Pacilic 82 !
Sinclair 26 j
Texas Oil 145 !
Union Pacific 119 I
v Pure, Chewing Gum
a Stick a day
keeps
LEASED W!RE.
IT. S. Motors 40
Westlnghouse 40V
BOSTON
Adventure . 1
1 Allouez 50
1 Alaska 1
Arizona Coml 12i
Caulmet & Arizona 67', 4
j Calumet & Hecla 430
iChino 41
'Chile 13
Calumet Range 44'4
E. Butte
Granby 75
Green Canan-ca V V4
Goldfield 33
. Hancock 774
Indiana 85
Inspiration 4814
Kennecott 31 Vi
Keweenaw
14
Lake
LaSaile 2
Nevada 18
N. Butte 14 V4
Nippising 84
Old Dominion 404
Osceola 54
Pond Creek ,... 18
Quincy 70
Ray Consolidated 24 U
Shattuck 16
Shannon 4
Sup. Boston 2Y3
St. Marys '. 50
Utah Copper 79
Utah Consolidated .. 9V4
Winona lVi
CURBS
Arkansas & Arizona 7
Austin
Arizona Silver King Vt
Big Ledge :
Butte & London 19
Calumet & Jerome 1
Cornelia 16 U
Con. Arizona 1
Con. Copper 5
Curtiss :. 28
IXminion
21
1
Dundee
Emma
Feleral Oil ....
2
Gadsden
Gren Monster
3
Grand Island 15
Hull 55
Howe Sound 4 4
Hecla 4
Inspiration Needles 4
Jerome Verde
Jerome Victor V,
Magma Copper 35
Magma Chief
Miami Con 5
Pittsburg Jerome
Porprvry 70
Ray Hercules 4
Santa Rita
Tom Reed 198
Tuolumne 95
United Eastern 4 "4
Verde Extension fc 37
Verde Combination ..
'Wolverine - Arizona 1
White Caps
wngiit-Martin 7
OATMAN
(By Collins & Bretherton)
, Bid Asked
Argo 5
Adams 2
Arizona Rex
Arizona Tom R 3
Gold Ore 42
25
5
44
j Tom Reed 1.98
ITem Reed 1.98
United Eastern 4.25
2.00
1.99
4.50
uuneu i-vurinern z ...
United Western 2
Red Lion , 25
OTHER CURBS
Gadsden 3.00
Green Monster 81
3.0G
K7 !
'9? I
Ti 1 1 1 1 n 1 nrnlrtn
Butte London 19
Dundee I.12
Venture Hill
Pitts-Jerome . . . , 50
Jerome Verde 69
Ark-Arizona 08
n 21;
.06
1.00
.75
11
Jerome
Portland ,25
1ns-Needles 06
.12
.40
.37
Hull Copper 35
Magma Chief 25
Wolverine-Arizona i 1.75
VeVrde Combination '.50 .7
Miami Consolidated 05 .10
thirst-
away
YAM WIFE OF FRENCH ENVOY i
PROUD OF AMERICAN-BORN BABY,,
' . '. - - - ..- ; : ; , ? - , . :,i . (
( . . V - . . .. -i v -'- -y".o A ?t 1 '
i -.- V. .- . "V ,. ; . ; . ' . 1
r - ' , X
" - ' v ?H. f
V, v 7
w' i , - ' s W
M . .
-a . . vsi
SI me. Jacques Boyriven.
Mme. Jacques Boyriven, wife of one of the members of the Frencl
high commission now in this country, i3 not only one of the most charming
women at the national capital, but she is also the mother of a quite small
son who wa3 pleased to be born in America. He is the first baby to be born
to any of our war visitors and he is said to be proud of tie honor. (
Nacozari Consolidated ... .43
Verde Apex "9
Porphyry 70
Calumet & Jerome . 1.06
1
1
10!
.f0
1.12
ARIZONA BANKS ARE
IN FINE CONDITION
PHOENIX, April 9. State Bank
Comptroller Jesse L. Boyce has Issued
a condensed statement of the report
of state and national banks of Arizona
as of March 4, 1918. In comparison by the forest service. Land eliminat
with the last previous report, which i d totals 11 581 acres, less than halt
was as of Dec. 31, 1917, the report j tnt 'an? aaae?- , , , . A
shows an Increase In general resourc- e two principal areas eliminated
es of $114,528, but a decrease in de- Ie along the extreme western boun
posits of $691,154.58. u,ar' ,f tne national forest. One o
There are a number of circum-' these is triangular tract ot about
stances contributing to the falling oft 3900 acres located between two of the
of deposits," stated Comptroller Boyce old Spanish land grants known as the
today. "Stockmen throughout the lgo and Uie Ojo Del Spiritu
state have been called upon to pur- Santo grants. This land is extremely
chase feed, and this item alone Is con ! rough, but has no value for forest pur
siderably more than the decrease in Pes. Parts of the second area ot
ripnosits The cotton situation and
other things could be mentioned, but
the decrease Is not one to hardly
cause comment, certainly not serious
comment."
As shown by the report, the total
assets of state banks amount to $46
908,516, while tlie total assets of na
tlnnal hanke omnlint In .'3 RQ7.604.
This gives a total of more ttiHn $70-1
S69.'891,000, shown by the statement
of Dec. 31, 1917. 1
1 ne report snows uiree less siaie :
banks ana a correpponuing increase m
the number of national banks. Since
the previous report, the illiams
State bank has been consolidated with
the Arizona Central at Flagstaff, the
i,nw of Mt-sa unrl the Securities State !
bank of Glendale is now the First Na
tional bank of Glendale. In addition
to the above changes, the i irst Na
tional bank of Flagstaff has been
opened since the report of Dec. 31.
TAMPERING CHARGE
ENTERED AGAINST
WOBBLY AGITATOR
(Uy Keview LinimmI Wire)
CHICAGO. April 9. While -lepart-ment
of justice officers were busy
seeking more information relative to
the alleged tampering with the venire
men called for the trial of more than
100 members of the I. W. W. on
charges of violation of the espionage
ace, A. L. Carpenter was taken before
the federal authorities today to be
questioned regarding his activities.
Carpenter, it is baid, Is already under
indictment in Idaho on a harge ot
tampering with a jury.
WOBBLIES' TRIAL IS j
SET FOR APRIL 23
(llf KfVM'W l.r;(Hf. Wlroj
SACRAMENTO. Cal, April 9
Pleas of not guilty to a charge of con
spiring to obstruct the government's
war yrograra and to encourage trea
son and sabotage were entered today
by 48 of 55 alleged Industrial Workers
of the World, named in an indictment
rleurned February 8. by the I'nited
states grand jury here.
1'nitcd States District Jiulue Win.
aVn Fleet overruled a demurrer
Hie indietment and the ease was con
tinued until April 23 to l set foi
trial. Arraignment of seven others
was postponed.
tne Arizona central ai i-iagsiau, me," t--- j ---
Williams bank now being a branch ot ! denng on or near this state. Arizo
that institution; the Mesa Citv bank na cattlemen are running large herds
. moo i nvL- virat rational on some of the New Mexico ranges.
SANTA FE NATIONAL
FOREST IS CHANGED
Residents of this district of Arizona,
will be interested to learn that three
tracts of land have, been segregated
from, the Santa Fe, New Mexico, na-j
tional forest, and that 25,475 acres
formerly not included in the forest.
have been added to the reserve. The
cnanges have been madJ Qn the
ommendation of the secretary of agrt
! culture, based on a field examination
1 ijuij u ul mu., i-
Mexico, and immediately east of the
Jirarilla Apache Indian Reservation,
was found by the Forest Service to
have a slUht agricultural value.
The Areas Added
Of the areas added to the national
forest, one, comprising about 7,000
acres, is just north of the Picuris land
grant, and about .12 miles southwest
of Taos, N. M. The second and most
important area is east of the Pecos
river about 25 miles west of Las Ve-
e -
m""- .
i" urruuimi.i8 raum.j.
Several cattle companies of this dis
trict are interested in the forest lands
of New Mexico, especially those bor-
and stock conditions will be elfected
at least to a minor degree by the new
bounds of the Santa Fc forest
APPROVED DRY ZONES.
(l!y Rovirw Loitiwtl Wire)
WASHINGTON. April 9. An amend
ment to the order declaring a dry
zone around the naval academy at
Annapolis, Mr., the training stations
at Great Lakes. 111.. Norfolk, Va., and
Hampton Roads and Newport, R. I.,
the training camps at Mare Island.
Cal., and the Marine corps stations at
Quantico, Va.. and Port Royal, S. C,
was approved today by Secretary
Daniels.
I
JACK TAR
Each LION COLLAR,
irrespective of "its style or size,1
is cut with ample space to per
mit easy adjustment of your tie no!
strain or tension on your Dcclwcar. '
oimsi , . t
MILLER SHIRT AND hA f
SHOP
Bii-bve :; :: Arizona
"Victory"
Corn Bread
1 rounded tablespoon 1 g
COTTOLENZ 2.'-; rounded tei-
3 tablespoon! tpoons baking
honey ponder
V,i cups rye flour tca-poon salt
2 scant cups white Vi cups milk
com meal
Melt 'COTTOLENE and thorough
ly mix ti ith honey. Add well beaten
egg, then t!:e milk. Sift together the
rye flour, corn meal, baking ponder
and salt and aid to f r t mixture. Beat
thoroughly. Hake in hot, well greased
square pan in hot oven.
The use of COTTO
LENE will please:
your family
your purse
your Uncle Sam
Cottolene
" Jho Natural Shortening"
At grocers in tins
of convenient sizes
Legal Notices.
NOTICE
TO PAVING CONTRACTORS
Pursuant to the request and direc
tion of the Common Council of the
City ot Bisbee, Cochise County, Ari
zona, that advertisement be made for
bids for the paving and improvement
ofVtiat rortion of Naco Road, as shown
by the plan aqd specifications, prepar
ed by J. S. McNeish, City Engineer,
and on file in the office of the City
Clerk of the City of Bisbee, Arizona,
I hereby request bids for such im
provement. Said bids shall be sealed, and will
be received at the office of the City
Clerk, up to 7:00 o'clock, P. M., on the
ISth day of April, 1918.
Each bid shall be accompanied by
check payable to the order ot the
Mayor of the City of Bisbee, for an
amount of not less than ten (10) per
ceiwm of the aggregate proposal.
Tne successful bidder to be required
to enter into a contract, to be approv
ed by the Mayor and the Common
Council, to make said improvement,
according to said plans and specifica
tions, at the prices specified in his
said bia, also a bond for proper main
tenance and holding the City of Bis
bee harmless against any loss- or dam
aga, either by virtue of said improve
ment, notwithstanding proper travel
and usage or accident or loss from in
jury to any person employed in the
construction thereof.
The Mayor and the Common Coun
cil reserves the right to reject any or
all bids '
C. A. BAILEY,
Superintendent of Streets.
Adv. 584.
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR
U. S. PATENT
Mineral Survey No. 3387
Serial No. 038239
United States Land Office, Phoenix,
Arizona, March 1, 1918.
Notice is hereby given: That R. A.
Bretherton and C. M. Henkel, whose
postoffice addresses is Bisbee, Cochise
County, Arizona, have made applica
tion for patent for the following named
lode mining claim, situated in the
Gas Fired Water
For Attaching
to Yow
Range Boiler
Bisbee
Warren Mining District. Cocl.ise Coun
ty, Arizona, In Section 13, unaouruved,
T. 23-S. R. 24 K. G. Ac S. H. 11. &. .M,
described as follows, to wit:
SUCCESS: Beginning at Corner
No. 1, the N. E. corner, xhriK-e the
W4 corner of Section 18, T. 23-S. R.
! 25 K. O. & S. R. B. & M. bears N. 8.J
11' E. 2'.m.8 feet; thenca S 4J 34' V.
326.40 feet to comer No. 2; thence N.
87" 21' V. 1500 ieet to corner No. 3;
thence N. 4 31 i E. 425.3'i feet to -r-ner
No. 4; thence S. 83 34' E. 1500
feet to corner No. 1. the place of be
ginning, containing a net area - ' 351
art-es, expressly excluding area in con
flict with Survey No. 3117, Brace Lod.
of 3.SH2 arres, and with Survey No.
3117, Baltic Lode, of 1.7s: acres.
' The location notice of this claim is
recorded In the office ot the County
Recorder of Cochise County, Arizona,
as follows:
SUCCESS Book 49, Records
of Mines, Page 138.
The names of the adjoining claims
to this survey are: On the North Sur
vey No. 2176, Corona lode and Survey
No. 3158. Corona lode; on the Hast
Survey No. 3158. Rolla lode and Sur
vey No. 3117 Baltic lode; on the South
Survey No. 3117 Baltic lode and Sur
vey No. 3117 Bruce lode; on the West
Survey No. 2029 Horse Shoe lode.
J. U IRVIN, Register.
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR U.
S. PATENT.
Mineral Survey No. 3384.
S. Land Office. Phoenix. Arizona,
U
February 23, 1918.
Notice is hereby given that Samuel
Sutcliffe. C. W. Rambo and Carl Smith
whose postoffice addresses are Bisbee,
Arizona, have made application for a
patent for the "Winnebago lode mining
claim, situated in Warren Mining Dis
trict, Ccchise County, State of Arizo
na, in Section 7. (unapproved) Town
ship 23, south, range 24 east, G. & S.
R. B. & M., which claim is described
as follows, to-wit:
Beginning at corner No. 1, the S. E.
corner, whence the U. S. jJ. M. No. 1,
Warren Mining District bears S. 77
degrees 37 minutes east, 8754.1 feet,
thence S. 61 degrees 26 minutes W.
6U0.OO feet to corner No. 2, the S. W.
corner, thence N. 5 degrees 24 minutes
cast, 1500.00 feet to corner ro. .. the
N. V. coraer, thence N. 61 degrees 26
minutes E. 600.00 feet to corner No. 4,
the N. E, corner, thence S. 5 degrees
24 minuses 1500.00 feet to corner No.
1. the place of the beginning, contain
ing net area of 17.136 acres.
The location notice of this claim is
recorded in the County Recorder's of
fice, Cochise Couuty, State of Arizona,
as follows: Book 42, Record of Mines,
at page 435.
The names of the adjoining claims
are: North, Blue Bird, unsurveyed,
owned by the Copper Queen Con. Mg.
Company; East, Bisbee Queen, unsur
veyed. owned by C. W. Rambo; South,
White Bird, unsurveyed, owned by II.
W. Clarkson and N. L. Hayden; West.
Silver Lead, unsurveyed, owned by C.
W. Rambo.
J. L. IRVIN, Register.
First publication Feb. 28, 1918.
NOTICE OF THE APPLICATION OF
THE BISBEE-W ARREN COPPER
COMPANY FOR A UNITED STATES
PATENT
Mineral Survey No. 3389.
U. S. Land Office, Phoenix, Ariz..
March 4. 1918.
I'otice is hereby given that the Bis-bee-Warren
Copper Company, a cor
poration organized and existing under
the laws of the State of Arizona, with
its principal office at the city of Bis
bee, by its president end secretary,
I thereunto duly authorized by resolu
tion of its board of directors, has made
application for patent for the following
named lode mining claims, situated in
the Warren Mining District of Cochise
I County, State of Arizona, approximate
' iy In Section 13, Township 23 S., Range
1 21 E., (unapproved) and Section 18,
I Township 23 S., Range 25 E., described
'as follows:
WARREN "Beginning at Cor. No.
1. the S. E. Cor , whence the W.
Cor. of Sec. 18, T 23 S., R 25 E.. G. &
S. R. B. & M, brs. S. 72 43' E. 2425.1
ft., thence N. 77 57' W. 1496.0 feet to
Provides abundant supply of
hot water at reasonable cost.
Call at our store and ask for
demonstration, or make re
quest for representative to call
upon you.
Improvement Co.
Cc-. No. 2, the S. W. Cor., thence N.
11 ' 02' E. 600 feet to Cor. No. 3, the
N. W Cor., thence S. 7?' 57' E. 143
fett to Cor, No. 4. the N. E. Cor.,
trance S. 11 02' W. 6u0 feet to Cor.
No. 1. the place of the beginning, con
taining a net area of 11.479 acres ex
pressly excluding area in conflict with
Survey No. 315s, Rolla lode of 7.511
Herts, and with Survey No. 3374, Rock
land lode of 1.61J acre."
BISBEE "Beginning at Cor. No. 1,
the S. E. Cor., whence the W Cor.
cf Sec. 18, T. 23 S., R. 25 E., G. & S.
R B. & M. brs. S. 64" 20' E. 943.4 ft.,
thence N. 77 57 W. 149S feet to Cor.
No 2, the 6. W. Cor., thence N. 11
02' E. 600 feet to Cor. No. 3, the N. W.
Cor., thence S. 77 57' E. 1498 feet to
Cur. No. 4. the N. E. Cor., thence S. 11
02' W. 60O feet to Cor. No. 1. the
place ot the beginning, containing a
ucl area, of 20.63-j acres.
It ED ROCK "Beginning at Cor. No.
1 the S. E. Cor., thence N. 79 53' W.
146'j.90 feet to Cor. No. 2, the S. W.
Cor., thence N. 24 32' W. 4U6.70 feet
tc Cor. No. 3, the N. W. Cor thence S.
'.T ST' F. 14'tK7ft fpot tn I'nr Xn A
the N. E. Cor., thence S. 24 32' E. ,
345 30 feet to Cor. No. 1, the place of '
the beginning, a net area ot 7.504
acies, expressly excluding area in con
flict with Survey No. 3137 Jack Pot
No. 3.
CAr.BONATE "Beginning at Cor.
No. 1, the N. E. Cor., whence the W
Cor. of Sec. 18, 1. 23 S., R. 25 E., G. A
S R. B. & M. brs. S. 59 54' E. 717.3 '
feet, thence S. 2- 24' W. 1485.50 feet
to Cor. No. 2, the S. E. Cor., thence N.
77' 57' W. 532.30 feet to Cor. No. 3.
the S. W. Cor., thence N. 0 52' E. 600
fct to Cor. No. 4, thence S. 73 09' E.
27 3C feet to Cor. No. 5, thence N. 13
47 ' E. 597.80 feet to Cor. No. $. thence
N. 73 09' W. 40 feet to Cor. No. 7.
thence N. 24 32 W. 345.30 feet to
Cr.r. No. 8, the N. W. Cor., thence S.
77' 57' E. 6uo feet to Cor. No. 1. the
plnce of the beginning, net are of
i 9.691 acres, expressly excluding area
in conflict with Sulphide lode of this
survey of 1.532 acres and with Survey
No 3390 Nancy Hanks lode of 6.744
acres.
SULPHIDE rresinning at Cor. No,
1, the S. E. Cor., whence the W.
Cor. of Sec. IS, T. M S., R. 25 E., G.
S. K B. & M. br. N. 87 04' W. 594.7
feel, thence N. M' 32' W. 1463.50 feet
to Cor. No. 2, the S. W. Cor., thence N.
2" 24' E. 300 feet to Cor. No. 3, thence
N 11 02' E. 100 feet to Cor. No. 4,
the N. W. Cor., thence S. 77 57 E.
5J7 feet to Cor. No. 5, thence S. 86 34'
K 80S feet to Cor. No. 6, the N. E.
Cor. thence S. 2' 24' W. 559.90 feet
to Cor. No. 1, the place of the begin
ning, containing a net area ot 1S.45S
acres.
COPPER WEDGE Beginning at
! Cor No. 1, whence the W. V4 Cor. ot
I Set. 18, T. 23 S.. R. 25 E., G. & S. R. B.
!& M., brs. N. 81 55' W. 157.9 feet.
tbtnee S. 66 17 W. 8S2.30 feet to
C01 No. 2. the S. W. Cor, thence N.
2' 24' E. 464.30 leet to Cor. No. 3. the
X. W. Cor, thence X. 84" 46' E.
1210.80 feet to Cor. No. 4. the X. E.
Cot., thence S. 2 24' W. to Cor. No. 5,
th S. E. Cor, thence K. 88 55' W.
437.70 feet to Cor. No. 1. the place of
the beginning, containing a net area of
4.694 acres, expressly excluding area
in conflict with Sulphide lode, this sur
vey of i.257 acres."
The location notices of these claim
are recorded in the County Recorder's
oftice, Cochise County as follows:
Warren Book 53, Page 423.
Bisbee Book 53, Page 426.
Led Rock Book 53, Page 423.
Sulphide Book 53, Page 425.
Copper Wedge Book 53. Page 421.
Ctrbonate Book 53. Page 422.
The names of the adjoining claims
are: North Survey. No. 2413 Mayflow
er. Golden Gate, Juniper and Wedge
loces. East Survey No. 2t25, Delta
lod;. South Survey No. 3390, Golcon
da. Sunshine and Nancy Hanks lodes.
Survey No. 3137, Jack Pot No. 1, and
Jack Pot No. 3 lodes. Survey No. 3158.
Roila lode. Survey No. 3374, Rockland
loae. West, Survey No. 3374. Jtock
land lode, Anna lode ansurveyed.
owned by R. A. Bretherton and C. M.
II.:iil;eL
J. L. tRVIX. Register.
First Publication March 8. 1913.
Last Publication May 17, 1918.
Heater
5
f
IS I J
j
ill -l)
in j !
ill I '
REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY MORNING, APRIL 10, 1918.
SIX
HIPPOPOTAMUS OFFERS TO SELL HIS
KISSES TO GIRLS FOR WORTHY CAUSE
Why shouldn't a hippopotamus:
havo vanity? Is there any reason j
why the hippo should not consider;
himself beautiful? Why should not :
Bon, the two-ton bahy hippopotamus i
of the Sells-Floto circus, coming to
the Warren district on April 13. be
lieve that all the girls are just crazy
about him? Every da' in the two
mile parade., Bon sees thousands of
the girls pazins at him with their
eyes wide" in admiration. Now, Bon
is a very patriotic little mountain of,
THE MOTH PORTRAYS
STORY OF WILFUL
GIRL; AT CENTRAL
Tiie new Selznick-Picture in which
7Cornia Talmadjre is seen to great ad
vantage as the star tells the story of a
joung society woman. who wastes her
lim seeking diversion and flirting
with fate until sharply brought to her
ptuses by a dramatic incident calculat
ed to thrill the most blase of movie
lanx j This picture, which will be seen
at the Central theatre today, is the
first ci a series of eight select pictures
m which Norma Talmadge will be
oen during the coming year.
Picture a wilful girl of wealth still
iu her teens bereft of all parental
guiaance and fascinated by the subject
tit Cleopatra's conquests, and you have
established the character of Lucy Gil
lian, the role played by Miss Talmadge
in "Tne Moth." Cleopatra held to her
throne, by dint of wonderful manipula
tion of men. Her conquest of the heart
of Mrc Antony ended a series of history-making
romances. She flirted her
way to immortality. That passage in
a book excited Lucy's imagination and
statlikl her seeking her Anthony.
MARRIAGE PICTURE
i LYRIC BILL TODAY
"The Marriage Speculation," a dra
nii of peculiar circumstances and of
many euieks and turns is the offering
which, has been billed for the Lyric
theatre for today and tonight. The
play is a gripping drama not lacking
in h!$nan interest, or in comedy ele
ment - It is a recent release and one
I
JJJLl MOXSTEE'S READY TO SPEAK A WORD
.:;.- DEMQCMACX-WME& UNCZE
j?- m
This Jap monster and many Khs
1
S
r.
flesh. He sees the patriotic section
of the street parade as it forms along
side the heavy den section every
mcrning. He sees the women of the
show knitting for soldiers day after
day. He hears about their assisting
the Red Cross bazars. So, what does
Bon do but offer himself as first aid
to the Red Cross. He offers a kiss
to any woman for one dollar, the
money to go to help "Over There."
And he thinks the women ought to
Jump at the chance. Is he right? ,
of the cleverest bits of acting which
' has ever been staged.
! It deals with a pickle factory hand
j w ho has saved a small fortune and
seeks a means of investing it to assure
I his comfort in old age.. He plots with
a girl who works in a confectionery
store and agrees to spend his fortune
' in educating her and fitting her for so
, ciety on the promise of the girl that
she will find and marry a rich man
! who will maintain him in comfort the
j rest of his days.
The girl becomes the beautiful tal
j ented society leader and finally finds
i the man who is to-make her rich and
' provide- funds for 'her benefactor. But
' she has not forgotten her girl-hood
sweetheart. The climax of the tplay
arrives on the wedding day when she
is about to accept the hand of an Ital
; ian count. Instead she takes her for
i mer sweetheart, who has made his for
tune and who is a be tlo refund the
girl's benefactor. '.
TWO ARE ARRESTED
FOR SECOND TIME
ON SIMILAR CHARGE
i Federal Officer J)mmy McDonald
: and City Policemen Joe Hardwick
and Hill Ruff last night arrested Wm.
Wallace Gray and Mrs. C. W. Allen
j'on a charge of disorderly conduct,
j They were released on $50 bail each
'and 'will appear for a hearing at four
: o'clock today. A federal charge will
! also be placed against them by Mc
j Donald.
j In addition to this charge they will
I also face trial on a similar Charge as
; they were arrested Monday night and
released on bail of a similar amount.
sJapasece r&n ps as Its csw.
ft rasy be. hvjd ia Siberia vi'iin? f
b a. - m i kvLjvi w . . ..- yy
I They were taken into custody from a,
! Ere very gulrh rooming house. .
j Ixral and federal officers are keen-i
ing a close watch on conditions per )
tniniiiE to vi:e here and plan other
arrests whenever renditions warrant :
a conviction. Inasmuch as Bishee is
withinc five miles of the army camp
at Lowell the federal officials arej
keenly interested in stamping out ,
vice and since there is a heavy pen-
alty for vice convictions within thei
barred zone of five miles surround-1
lug military camps they should shc-i
ceed. I
BRINGING UP FATHER
AT ORPHEUM TONIGHT
Cancel all your gloom dates and D'U
"p your litucniiisr duas. jurus .via
i honey, the uproarious little Irishman
j of theG-Kirge MeManus comic cartoons
! is back asain, this time in a new set
of ant'es entitled, "((ringing l'p Fatht r
Abroad. "
Reports from everywhere say it Is
the funniest of rll fun shows, the
tuniest of all melodv productions, and
th- gayest of all droll pieces in it's
girlv and principal ensembles.
"Jiggs" abroad, means "Jisgs" in
Ireland, with "Mrs. Jiegs." also
'Jisps' " crony. "Dinty" Moore, and
others of the Mahoney following and
family. The new production comes to
the Orpheum Theater todny.
The plot reveals the decision of the.
Mahoneys to take a trip to the old
Dart and visit th?ir old homestead.
They board a ship, and if you are
at all familiar with "Jiggs" and "Mrs.
Jiggs" you can see right away what
happens when the t-hip begins to roll
and the passengers begin to run count
er to Mr. and Mrs. "Jiggs."
GREAT FOX PICTURE
BABES IN THE WOOD
AT EAGLE THEATER
Th? William Fox photofantasy, "The
Babes in the Woods," at the Eagle to
day, is. based on the old English ballad
and is set in a modern frame.
John Hamilton and his second wife
are living in a beautiful home. Wife
No. 2 does not like her two stepchil
dren. Her husband suspects her rela
tions vith her brother, so to put his
wiffl and his brother to a test, Jolr.i
Hamilton pretends to go off on a trip
to Hawaii.
John Hamilton comes home sudden
ly. Smilingly he takes the two chil
dren on his knee, and with his wife
listening, he tells the story of "Babes
in the Woods." The story as he tells
it thtj appears on the screen. When
the recital has been finished and the
stepmother and brother of the fairy
tale come to a deserved punishment,
the picture returns to the scene where
Hamilton is telling the story. The re
cite! causes a change in the wife. She
begn forgiveness and takes the two
children to her heart.
The Eagle will also present four acts
of vaudeville today.
HEED THE WARNING
Many Bisbee People Have Done So.
When the kidneys are weak they
give unmistakable warnings that
should not be ignored.' By examin
ing the urine and treating the kidneys
upon the first sign of disorder, manv
days of suffering may he saved. Weak
kidnevs usually expel a dark, ill
smelling urine, full of "brickdust"
sediment and painful in passage.
Sluggish kidneys often cause a dull
pain in the small of the hack, head
aches, dizzy spells, tired, lansuid
feelings and frequent rheumatic
twinges.
Doan's Kidney Pills are for the kid
nevs only. There is no better recom
mended remedv.
Bisbee people endorse Doan's Kid
ney Pills.
J. R. Covington, miner. School Hill,
risbee, says: "Doan's Kidney Pills
can't be beaten and I gladly recom
mend them. Three months ago my
back was in bad shape and when 1
tried to bend over, pharp pains would
catch me and I could hardly
straighten again. My kidnevs were
weak and bothered Pie a whole lot.
too. Doan's KIdnev Pills soon cured
me."
Price 60c at all dealers. Don't
simply ask for a kidney remedy get
Doan's Kidney Pills the same that
Mr. Covington had. Foster-Milburn
Co., Mfgrs.. Buffalo, X. Y.
FOR
SAM SAYS GO AUEAD
" : 7 "':rri -s-
wryrrT! ? h tera nisw: tf Unc!;
TAX COMMISSION IS
COMING TO DISTRICT
TO LOOK OVER MINES
Members of the Arizona tax com
mission arrived in the Warren district
yesterday. They are now touring the
state on their annunl inspection of
mine properties, cattle and farming
lands, and will Fnend several dnvs
makirte the rounds of CocMse eountv.
Included in the party nre Commission
ers ( ii'rloi R. Tlowe. Rudolnh Kuchlr
and M. Zander. Thev left Phoenix
on Monday nieht arrt wi" visit first ii
the Wnrren district. oinR then for
Do'igl.is find other noints.
Counties of the southern nurt of the
Ftate will he first vis'ted bv thie com
"tissioi1. which enocts to return to
the rthte house before Anril lfi. In Co
chise county the hodv will work toeeth
er. When thev hqve eonc'uded this
part r.t the stnte thev fill divide, one
con iiisioner pIpit t" Creen'ee, one
to Orabnin and tbe thin to SnntT
Cru? counties. The three 'ill then
inner aein in Cil" eountv where thev
will devote thir time to the largfl
properties at O'oiie and M'flmi.
Members o' he commission will
hnv- to coucli'de their tour of the
RCithcrt' counties before Anril 'S.
whn a hearing on four nt'lls nr.d the
milling induotrv in the stole Is sWod
to come before them t their office
in the state ho'ise. Followin" this hear
ing the commission will visit the conn
ties of northern Arfonni. p,nal ami
Pimf counties have Plrndy been in
spected by the commission.
WOMEN ELIGIBLE FOR
RURAL MAIL CARRIER
POSITION IN COCHISE
Women rural mail carriers are the
latest militants to aid in. the prosecu
tion of the war, and Cochise county
m .v boast of one at a near date as a
bulletin issued by the postal depart
ment1 announces that an exanftnation
will be held in Bisbee April 27 to fill
the position of rural carrier at San Si
mon and vacancies that may later oc
cur on rural routes from other post of
fiteb in this country.
The announcement states that dur
ing the continuance of the present war
the commission will, in accordance
with the request of the post .office de
partment, admit- women to rural carri
er examinations upon the same condi
tions as men.
Thvacancy for which this examina
tion is held is announced as caused by
the enlistment of the carrier formerly
employed on the route. Upon his hon
orable discharge from the military ser
vice of the country he will be entitled
to reinstatement to his former position
as carrier on this route.
OSCAR GILMAN WILL
GIVE MINING GLASS
TALK ON TIMBERING
A large attendance of the miners of
the district and others interested In
mining is expected tomorrow after
noon rnd night at the two sessions of
the V. M. C. A. mining class which are
scheduled for 1:30 and 7 o'clock.
Mi. Oilman is mine foreman of the
C. & A. at the Junction shaft and has
been connected with mining work fcr
many years. He will talk on timber
ing and in particular on C. & A. sto;e
methods.
Today the geology class or the asso
ciation will meet at 7 o'clock with J.
B. Tenney in charge. ,
CANADIAN FLIER KILLED
FORT WORTH. Tex.. April 9. M.
W. Kirwan. 21. Royal Flying Corps,
attempted his first solo flight at Ben
Breck field mar here today, and drop
ped several hundred feet to instant
death. His home was in Nova Scotia.
It probably would have been Kir
wan's last flight at Ben Brook as his
squadron is on the eve of departing,
for Toronto.
SHE SUFFERED
FIVE YEARS
Finally Restored to Health
by Lyd:a E. Pinkham's
Vegetable Compound.
Key West, Fla. " For fivo years I
Lift'ered from irregularities, with ter-
.nble pains ana an
awful weakness in
my back. The doc
tor gave me diff
erent medicines but
they did me no good.
A friend asked me to
try Lydia E. Pink
ham's Vegetable
Compound and I
found it to be the
best medicine I ever
tried because it
made roe well, and
1 can now do my
housework. I am telling my friends
about it" Mrs. J. M. Camus, 726
Caroline St, Key West, Florida
Many women at Borne period in their
lifesuffet from ailments peculiar to their
ocx and which in most cases may be
reacliiy relieved by this famous root and
herb medicine, Lydia E. 1'inkham's
Vegetable Compound, just as Mrs.
Camus found it helped her after suffer
ing for years and trying everything eLe
in vain.
If vou have any annoying symptoms
you fail to understand, write Lydia E.
Pinkham Medicine Co., Lynn, Mass.
The results of their 40 years experience
in advising women on this subject is at
your service.
I i ssssaaasssssasssssssssssaai
lap
Tattered Flags
Must Come Down
M you don't tak that old torn and
tattered flag down that looks like a,
rag. Deputy Sheriff A. W. Howe is
likely to call on you and see that yoj
lo. or take it down himself.
Deputy Sheriff Howe has been ap
pointed a member of the County Coun
cil of Defense for Public Safety. One
of the duties of the members of the
council is to Ree that the I'nited States
flag is not left up too long, and that it
is not withered and worn: and to see
that flags are taken down when they
become unsightly.
The deputy sheriff says n lot of the
j rags waving in the breeze in this city
I must be taken down, even if he has to
do Koine pole climbing. If you can't
I fly flag you will not' be permitted
to fly a rag in place of the I'nited
' States emblem, he declares.
I T':e rotmcll also has power to inves
tigate secret meetings, to suppress an-
ti-Atner!can remarks, to see that crops
I'K'peuy iiriHi-i-ieu. 10 insp.i an
placer, subiect to instantaneous com-
bustion and to organize guards when
necessary for defense.
.Candidate For
I Pima Supervisor
1 Svpeant Alec Blimnnn of the 29th
! Vancouver battalion, who spent sever-
P. A Nathan, general manager of ai months in Bisbee recruiting Canadi
the New Cornelia Cooperative Store. arM Englishmen Tor service in the
is tjtji. unuiuo iui sutrciiui.
Nathan has been manager of the New
Cornelia Cooperative store since its
foundation. In nine months he return -
eu h,ito iu iuw paiious in uitiUiiu-
Before going to Ajo he was connected
with the Calumet and Arizona Mining
company at Warren.
FORCED OFF ROAD.
A Mexican driving a Kord car was
forced of? the State Highway about
two miles this side of the Govern
ment Draw yesterday aftermn by a
big car containing four men who failed
to stop thei' tar. The Ford w-as un- J
set and the Mexican was pinned under i
the car for about ten minufes when
assistance came up. The car wai
righted and with the assistance f the j
passengers on the Rockhill stage com
ing from Tombstone and a tow line
hitched to another car, Jt was pulled
back onto the grade and after a little
coaxing went on its way toward
Tombstone. The Mexican was unin
jured except for a few scratches. The
wind shield was all uhat was broken
on the car. v
a
ELKS PLAN BAZAAR.
An old fashioned bazaar which will
J be featured by the days of '49 and will
i be one of the most attractive features
of tne kind ever staged in the district,
will be thrown open to the public as
soon as the Liberty Bond campaign is
clored. The bazaar will be for the pur
post of stimulating the sale of war
stamp. A committee of Elks has been
named to work out the plans of the ba-
! zaar, rnd they will announce later this
wce-c the full details ol entertainment.
Similar wild-west shows and programs
will he staged by several other local
lodges soon after the Elks have closed
tiieir campaign
AUTHOR IS HELD.
(By Review Leased Wire)
MINNE APOLIS. Minn.. April 9
Rev G. L. Morrill, author or a book
1.1 . ..,K..nDo rJollnllo hotunon
sum IU ciiiuai loon i in. liu... "
the United States and Mexico was in-
I dicteo by the federal grand jury here
I today charged with circulating obscene
; matter through the malls. Rev. Mor -
rill was arrested three months ago.
Shortly after being released on bond
he started for South America but was
stopped at New Orleans by govern-
meat agents who seized his passport.
j MISS WILSON AT WACO
j (Py Review 1-eaivd Wire)
WACO, Tex.. April 9. An airplane
'convoy from Rich Field escorted Miss
Margaret Wilson, daughter or tne pres
ident, when she left here today for
Austin. The machines in battle forma
tion flew over the train ror many miles
and then returned to Waco. Miss Wil
son has been making a tour or the ar
my cantonments in Texas and In many
instances has sung at camp concerts.
help
y as. tiif wwsw;M'.w j yaVA tin mm ,f iwijj j) '!,,. m; ;l l " 1
V-' at--AT-''-,'.r-" - Hi f sir ii iilsiiin - r iirlii lasnif
ave a ioai
AMERICAN AVIATORS
COLLIDE IN MIDAIR i
CAUSING ONE DEATH!
IV.s TtevU-w T.ens-d Wipe)
DALLAS. Tex.. Ar.ri! 9 .loi-n In !
sinser of (;rec!ey. Colo., an American;
cadet flier, was instantly killed and
Karl Zinn. also training fo a com- j
mission in the I'nited Slater artnv. j
was slightly injured at I.ove Field. I
near here, today when the airplanes j
crashed together one hundred feet un j
and hnr'led to the grou id. a tannl"d j
mass of wreckage. Respinsibilit v j
fo rthe accident has not been of"i
ci:lly placed.
The accident v.as peculiar. The air
h filled with inaneux "ring airplanes.
Zinn and Insinger, flying s)lo, hai
flown some distance side by side,
when one of them ?itcmpte- a sud
den turn and struck the othor ma
chine. The noise of eneines is be-
, Heved to have nrevented the fivers
hearing each other's machines "
, .
SERGEANT BLINMAN
ON DUTY IN BOSTON
i expeditionary rorces in Flanders and
i France, is now in Boston.
j ptinman went from this citv n Phn
1 jx ani thence to New York where he '
, receiveu orders to report to Boston.
He v.-tites that he will remain in Mas-1
saehj'etts for some time, unless un-;
able to get his application for a trans-'
fer to active duty at the front granted.
His audress at present is 44 Bromfield j
Street, Boston. J
FEW FOLKS HAVE
GRAYHAIR NOW;
Druggist Says Ladies Are U3-
ing Recipe of Sage Tea j
and Sulphur.
Hair that loses its color and lustre,
or when it fades, turns gray, dull and
lifeless, is caused by a lack of sulphur
In the hair. Our grandmother made
up a mixture of Sage Tea and Sulphur
to keep her locks dark and beautiful.
and thousands of women and men who
i value that even color, that beautiful
i wark shade of hair which is so attract-
ive, use only this old time recine.
NOTAiGREY
HAIR-SHE LOOKS
UKE WOMAN
ZJl CF THIRTY
Nowadays we get this famous mix-1
ture improved by the addition of other
, ingredients by asking at any drug
store for a bottle of "Wyeth's Sage and
, Sulphur Compound." w hich darkens
th. k !. . 11.. .. 1.. . U .
luc iiuii a u.liuiuilj. nu err-iuji, m.ii
j nobody can possibly tell it has been
; applied. You just dampen a sponge or
i soft brush with it and draw this
j through your hair, taking' one small
j strand at a time. By morning the gray.
j hair disappears; but what delights the
' ladies with Wyeth's Sage and Sulphur :
j Compound is that, besides beautifully :
darkening the hair after a few appli
cations, it also gives it an appearance '
of abundance.
Wyeth's Sage and Sulphur Com- j
pound is a delightful toilet requisite
to impart color and a youthful appear-'
ance to the hair. It is not intended
for the cure, mitigation or prevention
of disease. Adv.
REVIEW
WANT ADS
RESULTS.
BRING
win.
mM
wai
; Famous Medium Here
It
i
PROF. JERRELL
CLAIRVOYANT ASTROLOGER $
At Golden Hotel. Room 14
Reduced Prices Low Fee
SPECIAL FOR THIS WEEK
To all who obtain a full reading will be given
ABSOLUTELY FREE
an ASTROLfMilCAI- HOKOSCOI'E jirtfar
cii for li:e ign of tHe Zixitac tn which they
were born.' givir te character:st.c. fa'.':,
disease thry are inrlinetj to. iorturuite and
oiifortunalc periods husinrs anit finance, in
vestments and speculations, inheritance and
la-vuitt. journeys and trave1. i-'-eiv1. ene
mies, love, courtship and marriare. an in
tirational delineation and the prohalde yearly
for-cnM. TVe n yuiar price of this Horoscope
has been $5.00.
It will he given FRFF to all who get a futf
reading during this week.
Richard Glaze, Oph. D.N.D.
Practice Limited to Eye and Nerve
Disorders.
Phone 15S. Office and residence
first house west of Masonic Temple,
Main Street, Bisfcee, Arizona.
Glasses fitted by the latest methods.
Closing Out Odds and
Ends in
Douglas Shoes
and other makes, values
up to $5.00, now
$2.50
CARO & COMPANY
20 Brewery Gulch
I
a
COLLINS &
BRETHERTON
We Specialize In
JEROME
AND
OATMAN
STOCKS
Jack Bld., Main Street
Phone 2G Box 1129
r
BISBEE TRANSFER,
STORAGE & COAL CO.
Warehouse & OiTice Opposite Depot
PHONES 640 and SO.
Y.W.CA. CAFETERIA
OPEN TO THE PUBLIC
Prices Reasonable
Breakfast 6:50 to 8:3C
Lunch 11:30 to 1:30
Dinner 5:00 to f:30
HENNESSY
; Undertaking Parlors
PHONE 15.
O K ST.
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectf jlty Solicit Your
Patronjijc
PHONE 53
3v CATARRH
UUM!.a LADDER
WWWAV.VVWVVVVvW
UCHESTEH S FILLS
Till: IIM HH ki. A
I.mUiI Atklxur Up(Imi y
h-. t. r llluail llra.'.'W
I'lil.iu KrJ t .Id ta-iuAV
a k it I.-. V
Tk Hit f jmmr
''- A'iti ui " in ri
ll.UUN KKNlt PlLlAl.ti
y u h powb tn Bt-it. Sxtnr. Alv kei v
SOLO BY DRtQOISIS tVLRVHHLK THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY MORNING, APRIL 10, 1918.
SEVEN
i
f
y
Male Help Wanted
WANTED Young man to drive deli v- FOR SALE Bargain, best cafe in tho
ery wagon. Apply Bisbee Dye and ! Warren District, must 6ell, am leav
Cleaning Works. 688 j lug city. Address Box 1429 Bisbee,
WANTED Boy for stock clerk,
dreas Box 547.
Ad-
487
WANTED Truck gardener to work!
on shares. Everything furnished.
Apply 1.
bee.
L. Savage, Cien. Del.,
Bis-
624
WANTED Combination plumber and
pipe fitter for Mexico. Good wages.
Inquire Mrs. Raly's Boarding
house. 691
WANTED First class tailor. Apply
D 11. Nerin's Tailor shop. Brewery.
664
. AD Pressman. Apply M.
tailoring, Lowell.
Le
632 WANTED First class coatmaker at
once, $10.00 and up. Tony Lockner,
LowelL 617
LEARN actual auto repairing, book
keeping, shorthand, radio engineer
ing. Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation, Los Angeles. Catalog free.
230
r- emale Help Wanted
WANTED A woman to do mixed
work iu a boarding house. Mrs.
Raby. 688
WANTED Girl for general house'
work. Phone Blue 617.
669
WANTED At the
waitress.
French
Kitchen.
661
WANTED Maid for
work. Phono 17.
general
house
610
WANTED A chambermaid, prefer
ytung woman. Copper Queen Hotel.
665
WANTED A seamstress by the day.
Spokane Boarding House. 568
For Sale
FOR SALE OU papers 25 cents psr
bundle. Review office.
FOR SALE OR TRADE Two lots m
El Paso, what have you? Koy Benz. I
Bisbee. 409
FOR SALE 4 room house and 5 room I
hou.se all improvements, Warreu
Apply McDougall, contractor, oppo
site Lincoln School, Tombstone Can-!
you. I "hone Green 728. 13
FOR SALE Three room house, furn
ished. Call at 43C O. K. street,
bar!: of Union House. 622
FOR SLE Old papers are just the
thing for putting under carpets after
that spring tousecleaning. They
make good cheap wrapping paper or
ura 1-u'lt.r.t for ctartlnir iira liir-V !
ing homemade
1
r-nvp.r n? rnuph ualls bpior nnr-i
7'. ,7.Z " " hi r .V.iM .7
L 1 1 1. ill . t. Jll . 1 11 1 11 1.1 1 1 U i 11 .
vie . office.'
Cheaper in quantities.
511
FOR SALE 5 rooms and bath, large
lot, fences, $5uo cash, bal. monthly '
pcymt nts, Bakerville.
5 room new house and furniture, $7'i) j
cash, bal
addiiicn.
easy payments. Adams j
13 room house and furniture, price 1
$17vi0, $10i)0 cash, bal. monthly pay-j
mer.t.s. Johnson Addition. Apply
to M C. HiRh.'i 546
TYPEWRITER PAPER, good bond,
paper, 8 1-2x11, at $1.00 per 500
sheets. Review Job Dept.
TYPEWRITER PAPER, good bond,
paper, 81-2x11, at $1.00 per 500
sheets. Review Job Dept.
FOK SALE Fu miture of 4 rooms 10
Bakerv ille. Phone 283. 188 j
FOK SALE Pure bred white and j
brown leghorn chicks, $12-50 per,
10(i. Send $2 per 100 with order,
will ship C. O. I). Forester's Kat-i
cheiy. Route No. 3, Phoenix, Ariz
FOR SALE Ranch 3 miles north of I
Tombstone. 32'J acres patented land: ! poR RENT Two light housekeeping
60 acres cultivated; milk dairy, milk! rooms. Mrs. Grace Williams. Claw
cows, milk dairy stock cattle, work I gen Hill. 557
horses, farm implements, lUOO-footl !
well drilling machine in good condi-i
tion. Address Jas. A. Lamb, Tomb
stone. Arizona. 3:i'.l
FOlt SALE Porta!. le house or ex
change for Ford car. Box 1347. 759
FOR SALE Uncalled tor sutt?.
Levin Tailoring Co.. Lowell.
M.
RULED INDEX CARS 5x3 inche;,
for sale at Review Jos Department.
315
PETEY DINK It Wasn't the
' Oi:fc . . -. r-, T" . -
H.IS5 PE BlCHow S Vt2&.
Vo I dipmt Know it
HAt A VAt-tT AV4D WORSE.
tr&Sj s&y, V sootm side, r K. I ! b.vjim 5ic- i-i , r.: --. r
iWwi Iff "
DAILY REVIEW WANT ADS
Advertisements under this head at the rate of 1 cent per word each issue, with a minimum charge of 25 cents
Advertisements must reach The Review office not later than 8 p. m. for insertion in next morumga paper.
For Sale
Arizona. tis.
i FOR SALE Why Pay Rent! A new
! three room house, price fSOO, J10U
down, $25 per. month. ,51D O. K.
Trail. 690
FOR SALE Small transient house, 21
O. K. Street, next to Bisbee Improve
ment Co.
452
FOR SALE Six room house with
bath, screen porch, large yard.
Quarry Canyon. $500 to $600 will;
handle, balance like rent. Will j
sacrifice for quick sale. Apply Mc-,
Dougall, Tombstone Canyon, op-!
posite Lincoln school. Phone
Green 728. ' - 667
FOR SALE) House in Warren, six
rooms, all conveniences, large lot,
70x100, one block from car line and
post office. Bargain. Box 695,
Warren, Ariz. 684
FOR SALE Two room house turn-
ished, with barn for sale or trade
fcr Ford car. J. Hart, Upper Quar
ry Canyon. 6S5
FOR SALE Used car, model 80, Ov
erland A-l condition mechanically.
good tires, extra casings, driven
7500 miles. Call at Review office.
693
FOR SALE Modern home, 4'
rooms
H. M .
267
and bath, Warren, terms.
Review.
IF YOU WANT A HOME I will sell
you the lot and build you a house.
Terms to suit purchaser. Wm. Mt-
Dougal, contractor and builder
Tombstone Canyon opp. Lincoln
School. Phone Green 728. 479
FOR SALE 10 room boarding and
rooming house complete outfit; a
b.-rfhin if taken at once. Cowan
Ridge, 21. Lowell. 608
FOR SALE 1917 Ford Chassis, ab
solutely A-l condition. Price $325.,
only $100 cash, balance monthly pay
ments. Hood & Bledsoe, Johnson
Addition. 603
FOh. SALE Furniture of three rooms
"'6'- -o.
FOR SALE Five passenger Ford
louring car. 1916. Johnson Addi
tion, upstairs Johnson's store. R.
li. Hansen. 621
FOR SALE One five room house,
partly furnished, modern, centrally
located up Tombstone Canyon. Party
leaving, wishes to sell at once. A
bargain. Apply C. H. Hogan, below
Copper Queen hotel. 631
, rrrr : ;
FOR SALE-1917 Maxwell touring
in ce'le"t coition. Care
KEVieW. R. D. Y. 6.28
... .
complete, in running oraer. witn or
without engine. Write Box 2420.
663
For Rent
I FOR RENT Two rooms furnished for
housekeeping, co children. 28 Mon
tana St., Johnson Addition. 4ol
t FOK KENT Two furnished rooms for
light housekeeping, number 3,
Curve St., opposite Convent St. .563
jpOR KENT Furnished housekeeping
rooms ; good place for bachelors
56
Upper Lowell.
577
FOK KENT Two nice clean house
keeping rooms over Los Angeles
grocery Los Angeles Grocery. No
' Children. 551
FOR KENT 3 completely furnished
housekeeping rooms, close in. Phone
Black 79S. 416
FOR RENT Two room furnished
house, all improvements in Metz j
car stop. Apply McDougall, Tomb-j
stone Canyon, opposite school. Ap-
ply McDougall, Phone Green 728. .
DOS i
FOR RENT One two room furnished
apartment on O. K. street. Apply 1 .
C. H. Hogan, below Copper Queen :
hotci. 660
FOR KENT 5 room furnished houso '
in Warren. Phone Black 316. 53S i
FOR RENT Two nice rooms well
furnished for light housekeeping, no I
cats or dogs. 80 Moon avenue. Ph. i
645, J. W. Glover. 296
Lord-.lt Was His Friend
For Rent
FOR RENT Two story building, with
lari:e basement, suitable for whole
sale bouse or storage and warehouse
business. In center of Bisbee busi
ness district. Rent reasonable. Ap
ply Bisbee Daily Review. 542
TYPEWRITER PAPER, good bond,
paper, 8 1-2x11, at $1.1)0 :or 500
sheets. Review Job Dept.
FOR RENT Four room furnished
house, Winwood Addition.
Hogan
& Seed.
615
FOR RENT Three-room furnished
houst. Johnson Addition, also large
furnished housekeeping rooms. No
hills. Custom House. ' Phone
Green 696. 662
FOR RENT Two rooms furnished or
unfurnished for couple or batching.
$10.00 a month,' water free. Phone
5bi oi call Mrs. Henry Waters,
Tombstone Canyon, above Lincoln
school. 623
FOR RENT Garage In Warren,
quire M. Moore, Phone 437.
In
625 FOR RENT Two furnished room a
with oil stove, also water and light.
Mr. Hamrick, Winwood Addition.
33
FOR RENT Two room house, fur
nished. W. R. Johnson, Warren.
572
FOR RENT Five room unfurnished
house and pantry, and wash house.
20 dollars a month. Apply James
Gilbert, 50 Laundry Hill. 600
FOR RENT 6 room furnished house
Cochise Row. Apply 85 Main. Cot
tage house. 597
FOR KENT Garage at Laundry
Stop. Phone 465.
Car
582
FOK SALE Five room' house. Lock
ling avenue, gray house above, Mrs.
Philbrook, Tombstone Canyon. 599
Furnished Rooms
FOR RENT Furnished room for one
of two gentlemen. 12 Johnson flats,
act oss from post office, Lowell. '602
FOR RENT Nicely furnished rooms,
ten and twelve dollars per month,
205 Opera Orive. 553
FOR RENT Two furnished rooms
with water for man and wife, $21.00.
J. E. Cain, Metz stop. 261
RULED INDEX CaRUS 5x3 Jnchew,
for s-le at Review Job Department.
315
MOOSE HOTEL Furnished rooms
$2.00 per week and up. 377
FOK KENT One furnished room,
private entrance. No. 1 Higgins
Hill. Phone Black 702. 620
blood Hill. Mrs. Lanoy.
619
FOR RENT Nice furnished front
room, private entrance. 153 Timby
Ave. First house north Bilgay
house. 657
FOR KENT Good furnished
Wilson 17, Quality Hill.
room.
65S
iTOR KENT Fiirnished housekeeping
iimrtments. 189 Timby avenue. One
block north High School. 666 1
Miscellaneous
OLD CLOTHES BOUGHT. Phone 733.
SEE MISTRESS DUFF McBRIDE at
New Art Store for fancy dress mak
ing, all work guaranteed. Phone 545
779
RULED INDEX CARDS 5x3 inche?.
for sale at Review Job Department,
, 315
Money to Loan
$50,000 TO LOAN an improved city
property or for building, on easy
terms of payment. T.
Hughes,
2S6
over Bank ot Bisbee.
SMALL quick loans on your personal i
note to salaried men and women, al- L
fo on furniture. Cox Loan Co. Room
2. Lyric Theatre building.
166 .
t
,
Wanted i
1
WANTED Dressmaking in homes.'
Alterations and remodeling ray
Knerialtv. Card to Box 1S09. Give
nhnnn M"
v .
t -
WANTED To buy good gas
Box 633 Bisbee.
range. '
659
joi V'is room sCld -r;rT..rM7 , v v"-s vgi .
Wanted
WANTED A second hand
pump for well. Apply P,
389.
g94
j
WANTED Double headed hardwood
barrels in good condition. We will
pay $1.50 each delivered at our mar
kets in Bisbee or Lowell or at our
slaughter house. E. A. Tovrea & Co.
WANTED Your business to look
after should you be going away for ;
uo summer, vknatever it is come
in and talk it over. See Hogan, be-
low Copper Queen hotel. 630
WAN'l ED One or two gentlemen to
taprivaTi home Re erence ' Aiu-ncan loue, unsurveyed, owned uy
in private nome. Kererence hn t. zlmlncK. oouia, Auvn lode,
l,r"UAat!'iurv.yeu. owned oy JOna FHzpal-,
board
required.
need apply. 54 Moon Ave. Toml-1
stone car. 616
WANTED Eight men to board and! ,
room, good home cooking and clean lyrist Publication March 8, Wis.
beds. Close to Briggs, Denn and Puulicatiun May 1., uxs.
Junction Mines. Box 296, Bisbee.
618 NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
WANTED One furnished room in
private family, within walking dist-.
am e of the Copper Queen Hotel to
ratals Answer B. Review. j
WANTED Private family of 3 will ,
board, room and care for girl be-1
tween age of 7 and 16 years. Re-!
ferences; terms reasonable. Call :
Black 468. 575
WANTED If you have a house for
, aha tnr ront Hot h n h
Hog'an below Copper Queen hotel. '
1
, , . t .
WAAlbU ungni inieiugeni ooys oe-
applications foj- Rview routes.
236
HHINT PART OF SPEECH.
AMSTERDAM. April 9. The'Cer-
German newspaper so far received ,
here publish only a summary of Presi-
dent Wilsons uammore speecn, ana.
for the most part, reserve comment
until the full text of his speech is I
available. The Vossische Zcitung).
speaks of the wide gulf between Pres-1
ident Wilson's words and deeds and
says that where the president con-!
fesses his conversion to the policy of
force his words have a theatrical
sound and lack the force of convic
tion. TERRIBLY SWOLLEN
, . n -t 1 i t
SufierUIg Described AS lcrtnre
Relieved by Black-Draught.
Rossville. Ga. Mrs. Kate Lee Ab!c. ol
k;ct,ff .,:t0c. M Wham ie
J engineer, and once while lifting, he in-
Ihisplase, writes: "My husband is an!"""-"'' " "aBl
jured himself with a piece of heavy ma-! 1. the N. W. Cor., whence the W. 'No. 1, the place of the beginning, con
chinery, across the abdomen. He was cor. of Sec. 18, T. 23 S., it. 24 E., G. & ' taining a net area of 20.660 acres."
so sore he could not bear to press on 's- l B- & u ' u- bl 55 ' w-157 9 i "ANCY HANKS -Beginaing at
I- i . .1 , u. " , .I ' feet, thence S. 8S 55' E. 1494.20 feet i Coi No. 1. the N. E. Cor., whence the
himself at all, on chest or abdomen. He . to c N 2, the N. E. Cor, thence I W u Cor. of Sec. 18, T. 23 S.. it. 25 E..
weighed lt ids., ana leu. on untu ne
weighed 110 lbs., In two weeks.
He became constipated and it looked
r . - .
l:t. UA 1 .1 JIA 'flfA V. n Tffaranf
UKZ 11C WUUiUUIt, nau till UlllllUI
doctors, yet with all their m( iicinc, his ,ug a aet area of 20.576 acres." E lf.00 feet to Cor. No. 4. tho N. W.
bowels failed to act '.lie would turnup! HOLD OVER "Beginning at Cor. Cor, thence N. f-6a 17' E. 66S.20 feet
a ten-cent bottle Of castor Oil, and drink No. 1, the N. W. Cor. whence the W. i ; to Cor. No. 1, the place of tho begin-
ittwoor three days in succession. He ' 0C' f0 - f 2V5,IS?? 'uias' cintain1? a area
.. .. , ... ., .,r . .G.fcc S. It. B. 4c M. brs. .V 11 5a' W. 'acres, expressly excluding area in con
did this yet without resulL w e became 635 , feet thence s. 8S. 55- E 1434.20 ' flic with Survey No. 2154, William B."
desperate, he suffered so. He was swol-; feet to Cor. No. 2, the N. E. Cor., iMocre io io ot 0.15U acres, and with
Icn terribly. He told me his suffering 1 thuce S. 2 21' W. 6U0 leet io Cor. Survey No. ol37 Jac Pot No. 2 lode
could only be described as torture. j f 3. the 8 K Cor thence N 88' 55' 1 ot 0 90S acrt-a." J
sunt and bought Thedford s Black-
Draught. I made him take a big dose,
and when it began to act he feinted, he ,
was in such misery, but he cot reUf f and 1
began to mend at once. He got well, !
. . - . . . . ...
and we both feel he owes his life to ,
Thedford's Black-Draught."
Thedford's Black-Draught will help you;
to keeD fit. ready for the day's work.
UP ,,,
Try it!
Legal Notices
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR U
S. PATENT
Mineral Survey No. 3383.
S. Land Office, Phoenix.
Ariz.,
March 5. 1918.
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that
the Bisbee-Warren Copper Company,
a corporation organized and existing
under the laws of the state of Arizona.
wit& principal office at the city of
E!lee, by its president and secretary,
imrcumo ouiy amnorizea oy resoiu-
tioi. of its Board of Directors, has ;
.... A n li t : r.. . . , i. n I
U1.M' U1111UU 11UU 1111 a !aieill 1U1 LllC
Wildflower lode mining claim, situat-
,ed in Warren Mining District. Cochise
!iOiiUty, Stale of Arizona, in Section 18
: li'rtiibuip Zo, bouih, llange Za East,
li. t t. it. U. sc Al., wwen claim is Us
sunoed as follows, io-u:
iiegtuning m cor. .o. 1, the W. Vt
,m. vl jcc. Is, 1. Zo St., li. -J E., U. &
a. li. H. 6i Al., ors. N. SS" Id' v. ltiii
11.. lliencu s. So' aa k.. 44J.a left lo
Cor. No. 2, ttieuce N. 2 24' E. 1U2.3
leel lo Cor. Ao. J, tuence S. 73" 49' E.
d power l Auti.o feet to cor. No. 4, ttie N. E. Cor.,
O. Box'ine:lce a- z' Zi ' w- uuu Ietl 10 Cor.
Ao. a, tne o. fc.. cor., tneuce a. a
w . 1-ioo.d teet to cor. No. b, tne S. W.
Cor., tneuce N. 2" 24' E. 3V8.S teet to
Cor. Iso. 1, tue place oi tne utKiuiuug. I
coi'tuining net area ol li.&Ju acres.
'1 ne location notice ot mis claim is ;
recorded iu the couiny Kecoruer s ol-i
lieu, cocuise county, bime oi Arizona', j
as lollows: Boon, in uecoia oi Muiea, !
rtl pdgb 431
named of the adjoining claims
Lrt.: ,0iiu Sur. o. 'ini. Ueua lode,
Bur. mo. 2ub2, uoiueu Era, Ao. 1 ioue.
East bur. iNo.
ZltZ, tame Era loue.
ricat.
339U.
vesi, Uoiconua loue, bur. io.
Department of the Interior.
U. S. Land Otlice at Phoenix, Ariz.,
March 23, lalS.
NOTICE is hereby given that John
IT LSnlt. . . C 11 . . r 1 1 . . 1- I A rnnil. u'hn
on April 17, 1913, made Homestead
Entry, No. 0221S4, lor SEU. Secliou 1
la. Township 22-b, Range 2i-E, G. &
! S. R. B. Meridian, has liled notice of
intention to make tnree-year Proof, lo
establish claim' to tne land above de-
! scribed, betore Jared D. Taylor, United
States commissioner, at Bisbee, An-
ona. oa the first da of. JIa' 1318
' I'lnimnnr nnmeA an witnesses: C
. bert J. Perry, William A. Lyth, Col-1
I 11 mini T. Stoltz. all 3. of Hereford.!
7 . , 1" . 1
: bpnngs, Arizona.
I Register.
First publication, March 30, 191S.
Last publication, May 1, l'JIS.
j NOTICE OF THE APPLICATION OF;
THfc
BISBEE-WARREN COPPER
COMPANY FOR A UNITED STATES
PATENT
Mineral Survey No. 3390
! U. S. Laud Office, Pnoenix, March 4.
1918.
j Notice is hereby given that the Bis
' bee-Warren Copper Company, a cor
poration organized and existing under
1 the laws of the State of Arizona, with
' its principal office at the city of B:s-;
jbe-. by its president and secretary,
1 thereunto duly authorized by resolu-1
'tiou of its board of directors, has made
jat.plication for patent for the follow-i
Ung named lode mining claims, bearing
j copper, gold and silver, situated in the
Warren Mining District of Cochise
County, State ot rizona, approxi-
mutely in Section Is, Township 23
; south. Range 2a E., and Section 13,
! Township Zi Sou
J goCONDA ' Begiuuing at Cor. No.
s. 2" 24' W. 600 feet to Cor. No. 3, the
S. E. Cor., thence N. 88 55' W. 1494.20
t Cor. No. 4. the S. W. Cor..
Ikiniu V f !' IS Kilil fust in rnr Vn
24' E. 600 feet to Cor. No. ;
i"i.. v. a.. -
Cor thence N v 2l, E 600 feet to
Irjor. So. 1, the place of the beginning i
containing a net area of 20.576 acres."
HORSE SHOE "Beginning at Cor.
th !n'eQ tAe.t.r: :
iui o. . vui. ji x o wuu iue
N w Cor of Sec 19 T 23 S- R ,5 E
G. & s. R. B. & M. brs.. s. S' 25' V.
833.2 feet, thence N. 2 24' E.. 600 feet,
L xv- cor., thence
S 88 55' E. 1491.20 feet to Cor. No. 3, i
the N. E. Cor., thence S. 2 24' W.
j 494.50 feet to Cor. No. 4, the S. E. Cor.,
I
tthtnee S- 87" 0J' . Io00.30 feet to; Mines, Page 331.
I Cot. No. 1, the place of the beginning,! The names of the adjoining claims
containing a net trea of 18.767 acres." arc: North Survey No. 339. Carbon
! A PEN "Beginning at Cor. No. 1, ' at Conner We ljrn and Suliihide lodes.
the S. W. Cor., whence the Cor. for the i
S W. Cor., of Sec 18 and the N. W. ;
Cor. of Sec. 19, T. 23 S., K 25 E., G. &
s. ti. ij. a; ai. ors. s. iv :'j' k. SiO.a.vejed, owned by John Fitiputrick.
feet, thence N. 12' Z' E. 327.40 feet South, Copper Era lode, unsurveyed,
to Cor. No. 2, the N. W. Cor., thence ; owi.ed by John Fitzpntrick. Survey
S. 87 18' E. 15OS.60 feet to Cor. No. No. 2454 Vic Rov and William B.
3. the N. E. Cor., thence S. 12 27' W. I
00.70 feet to Cor. No. 4, the S. E. Cor., j
thcuce N.. 84 32' W. 1497.90 feet to ,
Ccr. No. 1, the place of the beginning,
containing a net area ol o.2i acres'
in . r-ii t. 1 ,11m, . .1 . .
vim,nnij CADUUlilg uica
in conflict i
with Horse Shoe lode of this survey j
lef C.364 acres and with Sunshine lodeLa: i Publication May 17, 1918.
LODGE NOTICES
Cards of every fraternal order in the Warren District; giving the essential
facts of each, their meeting nights, th-ir officers and the place of gather
ing will be found undr their respective headings in these columns.
BISBEE LODGE, NO. 718.
Meets every Friday night. Moose Hall
Visiting brothers cordially invited.
V. H. TONKIN, Dictator.
KAY ROSS, Secretary.
lOYAL ORAN
UNITED STATE
UNITED STATE
G E INSTITUTION!
STATES OF AMERICA.
DREADN AUGHT.
L. O. U NO. 210.
meets in L O.
O. F. Hall first
and third
MONDAY at
7:30 p. m.
Visiting broth-
e r s cordially
invited
tend.
to at-
I m' r- "J"' i";.1-
ROBERT FERGUS, Secretary
P. O. Box 426, Bisbee.
BROTHERHOOD OF AMERICAN
YEOMAN
Richard I, Homestead 895, meets
second and fourth Tuesday at Odd
Fellows' hall. Visiting Archers are
! cordially Invited.
MRS. C C. FINLAYSON, Fbreman
P. O. Box 1526.
E. D. STINSON, Correspondent.
Box 149C.
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD.
Lowell Camp No. 46 will
meet every Wednesday
at 7:30, Brophy Nail.
H. C. LANDAU. C. C.
O. B. THOMAS, Clerk.
All Woodmen invited.
PYTHIAN SISTERS
! Lily Temple No. 3 meets every 2nd
'ana iin inursaay evening 01 eacn
I month at Odd Fellows HaiL Visiting
' sisters are cordially invited.
: MINNIE BLUM, M. E. C.
; Phone Black 851.
IDA GLAZE, M. of R. C.
' Box 1475
ot this survey of 0.7S4 acres."
SUNSHINE-"Beginning at Cor. No.
' 1, the N. E. Tor., whence the W. 14
! Cor. of Sec. 18 T. 2." S., It. 25 E.. G. A
S. li. B. &. M. brs. N. 81 5a' W. 157.9
feet, thence S. 2' 2-1' V. 15u0 feet to
Co. No. 2, the S. E. Cor., thence S.
66- 17' W. 668.20 feet to Cor. No. 3.
, V..V rV"
thence N. 66 17' E.' 6bs.20 iect to Cor!
G. t S. R. li. & M. brs. N. 57" 26' E.
54'..4 feet, thence S. 2' 24' W. 1500
feet to Cor. No. 2. the S. E. Cor.,
thence S. 66 17' W. 668 20 feet to Cor.
are recorded in the County Recorder'8
Office. Cochise County, as follows:
Golconda Book 57, Record ot Mines
lp??e iu5.
"oM .P"?
Record of
i.umh's, rant; i.
Iiorse ShoeBuok 30 Uecord of
jMiaes, Page 331).
j Apex Book 57, Record of Mines,
.rase 481.
Sunshine Book 30, Record of Mines
PaKo 332.
Nancy Hanks Book 30, Record of!
Suivey No. 2125. Delta lode. East,
Survev No. 3::s8. Wildflower lode. Ar.-
vil Forge an 1 Copper Era lodes, unsur-
Moore lodes. West Survey No. 3137.!
Jack Tot No. 2 lode. Survey No. 3389 '
Catenate lode.
The official survey of said minin
claim being Mineral Survey No. 3:rji
J. L. 1KVIN. Kecister.
First Publication .March S, 1:1S.
1
!
1 cz
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED AMERI
CAN MECHANICS.
Meets In Medigorlc
Hall every Tuesday
night. Visiting brothers
welcome.
S. F. BENTON, Councillor.
J. L BENTOX, Recording SecreUry.
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS.
Rathbone Lodge No. 10,
Knights of Pythias,
meets each Thursday
(except second) in Odd
Fellows' Hall at 7:30
p. m. Visiting brothers
cordially invited.
LEON H. RICE, C C.
EARL SOBLEY, K. of R. S.
FRATERNAL ORDER OF EAGLES.
Bisbee Aerie. No. 175, F. O. E., meet
first and third MONDAYS, 8 p. m..
Eagle Hall. Visitors cordially wel
come. J. F. WILMOTH. President.
F. C. FENDERSON, Secretary.
C. U ED.MONDSON. Aerie Physician.
. - rt- .
LODGE NO. 671.
Regular meeting first and third Fri
day of each month. Visiting brothers
cordially invited to attend.
R, E. WARNER, Exalted Ruler.
J. A. KELLY, Secretary.
KNIGHTS AND LADIES OF SECURI
TY, BISBEE COUNCIL NO. 2115.
Meets every second and fourth Sat
urdays in the month at I. O. O. F.
Hall. 7:30 p. iu. Visiting members are
cordial. y invited.
ARNOLD SCHMID, President,
P. O. Box 3483, Lowell, Ari.
FREDERICK J. ATTAWAY.
Secretary, LowelL
E. LINDQUIST, Financial Secretary.
P. O. Box 3246, LowelL
BISBEE LODGE, NO. 10, I. O. O. F
meets every
( -t3?'. evening at Odd
VsjC Fellows' HalL
Main street, at 7:30 o'clock. Visitirs
brothers cordially invited to attend.
Hall phone 119.
H. R. TAYLOR, N. G.
CARL V. NELSON, Secretary.
ORDEH OF EASTERN STAR.
meets in Masonic Hal
Perl Chapter. No. 6, meeu
iu jiasuuii, .11 Kkuuu u
fourth Tuesday of eac
montn at 7:30 o. m. .
MRS. EMMA WOODS. W. M.
Phone 161, Box 43. Bisbee.
MRS. JESSIE BEVAN, Secy. P. O.
Box 2239, Chairman Relief Com.,
Phone 161.
WEEK ENDINGAPKIL 13. 19is7
"Mor.i tj 2nd Degree.
Tuesday
Wednesday-3rd. Degree.
Thurniay Chapter.
Fridav 1st degree.
Saturday
W. W. GIDLEY, W. M.
B. T. W ATKINS, Sey. F. & A. M.
J. W. TO LAND. E. H. P.
C. F. PHILBROOK T. I. M.
F. E. BENNETT. E. C. '
t S. DAVENPORT, Secretary Chap
ter and Commandery.
W. R. BANKS, Secretary Council.
T. F. B.
FRATERNAL
ROTHERHOOD
iii 4.7'?iii n'lhnu Tiulir. Vn
v :iw 'n rr ioj meets uie isi
if j liJ. , f oi eaca mania ai
C !f 7:30 at Medigo
vich KalL Visit
ing members cordially invited.
B. F. MOSS. President
MRS. C. E. FINOTTI. Treasurer.
Box 722. Tel. 236. Red.
HONORA MUNCH. Secretary.
Box 1621.
MOuERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA
Bisbee Camp No. 13415.
Meets first Tuesday at
Odd Fellows' Hall.
R. L. MOTZ. Consul.
II. F. MATHEWSON.
Clerk.
VOIGHT
I V
B C A. r EIGHT
Tl-fE EI5SEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY MORNING, APRIL 10, 1918.
r
mi. mi I 'Hi' um iw f
V
TODAY
LAST TIME
TODAY I.
1L LAST TIME 5
1 JLlUilKJL
ONE NIGHT ONLY
TONIGHT ONE NIGHT ONLY
Extraordinary Bill
Vaudeville and Pictures
PICTURES ONLY 1 TO G-FICTURES AND VAUDEVILLE COMMENCING 6
O'CLOCK
WM. FOX PRESENTS
An All-Star Kiddie Cast
In the Photo Fantasy Alluring.
ABROAD
THEATR
0RPHEUM
Mrintfin
in a i
I
Josephine Harrity Vaudeville
Company
PRESENTING
5 - Big Vaudeville Acts-5
WOENO OLELLA In Three Novelty Acts
SLACK WIRE
CONTORTION
ACROBATIC
POPULAR SONGS, DANCING AND COMEDY
Featuring
Edward F. Harrity, World's Greatest
UPSIDE DOWN DANCER
ABES in
the WOODS"
SEE The Dances of the Fairies.
SEE The Witch and Her Ginger Eread House.
SEE Those Wonderful Children.
Watch Them Ride on Swans as They Flee From the Bad
Prince.
A Lesson for All-
-A PICTURE THAT WILL NEVER
GROW OLD.
Admas-on Special Children Price 1 to 5:30, Children 5c; Adults 15c.
MUSIC BY ORCHESTRA
.Night Children 15c; Adults 30c
THIS INCLUDES WAR TAX
J
cm
TBAL T
. been expected for several days, are
r?iiD Inia U'pfilr ntlfl shmilfl thpv Jirrive
the band will appear Saturday evening
in a concert in Bisbee.
TONIGHT ONLY
COMMENCING 6:30
TONIGHT ONLY
in-"
If
V
YV
NORMA TALMA rGE in-
"TriE MOTH' 1
5
" 11
SELECT PICTURES Present
Torino
IN THE 6-ACT DRAMA
psi fa fa
I"
Sft2NiCK(S?PICTURS
m-rti ririTiiiiiint mmmm
:rsms Adapted From the Novel By WM. DANA ORCUTT
This Picture tells a stoiy of Life in a gay social set of a loveless marriage and of a
marital tragedy.
A Story of Social Sins and Sorrows
ADMISSION Chil dren 1 5c Adults 25c
FOR COLORADO.
John Cordon was an outgoing pas
senger this morning for Vic-tor. Colo.,
where he expects to locate for the
summer.
FOR NE WYORK.
C. W. Rexford left yesterday morn
in for Schneehtaday, New York,
where lie will spend the summer
months. ,
LFFT FOR PHOENIX.
Miss Gene Boyd left last night on
t!;e Golden State Limited for a trip
to her former home at Prescott, where
she will remain for a few weeks.
I TO SEATTLE.
Frank; Brooks and wife left last
: night cn the Golden State Limited fo
' Seattle, Wash., wbre he will enter the
' services, of the Cnited States gnvern
', ment.
DONALDSON IN DENVER.
Tvlao il. Donaldson, educational direc
tor of the Y. M. C. A., is in Denver due
to th'r s-erious illness of his father,
vno is not expected to live. Mr. Don
aldson left Saturday night upon receipt
of a telegram telling of his father's se
rious condition.
J
iWtj-M ffn.tijf Jittery
LYRIC THEATRE
Balcony 5c
Lower floor .'....10c
Reserved seats 20c
BACK TO SAN DIEGO.
Gus Mickey left last ni.uht on the
Golden State Limited for Pan Di?gto.
where he will remain for a few week"
on a visit to his faru'lj. Me has bee.i
here for the past six wQeks on busi
ness connected with his holdings here.
ALBERT E. SMITH Presents MILDRED MANNING and WALLACE MAC DONALD
IN
"The Mania
se SDeculatioii"
EPIDEMIC OF LA GRIPPE.
According to the physicians of
Warren ristrict there arc mora cass
of La Grippe at the present time in
the Warran District than any time dur
ing the past winter.- They an unable
to give anv reason for the present ac
tivity of that disease.
lie Gor d
A Personally Conducted Laughing Tour With "Father" and the "Btir.cK' via
Ship "Shamrock," Fiist Stop the Emerald Isle.
Fun Fast and Furious With "Fatlier" Over Seas
A GLORIOUS, GLEESOME GATHERING A FREF OS1SSING FOT-FC RkI OF
PRETTY, PIQUANT GIRLS.
WAR TIME PRICES Entire Lower Floor $1. Balconv First Four Rows '. 1c Second
Four Rows 50c Gallery 25: PLUS WAR TAX
2C
for the Warren District. Their camp
was visited last year by n number if
Warren district sig'itseers. who had
not viewed the sciutws in the i.ct f
n aking water coolers.
ALL OFFENSES BAILABLE.
All offenses in Arizona, exifpt trea
son, and that is a federal offence, are
bailable since the adoption cf capin!
punishment. Sm? people are not
aware of this fact and also the fur
ther fact that it is mandatory for a
magistrate or judge to fix b.iil for any
offense when applkaton for it is male
to him. Therefore ft fellows that any
person nccusel of crime, can obtain
his liberty through tfc- legal pmcedure
above outlined.
WANTS NAMES.
M. Powell, secretary of tUc War- j
re District Auto club, has received
a request by the War Department that j
all auto owners who are willing to i
effer their machines for use by the
government register their names an1 !
capacity of their cars. All that Is J
necessary is to send your name an l i
ces ritition of your car to the Warien
District Auto club and upon receipt,
of same the Auto club will furnish!
vou with en attractie red. white an l !
blue emblem at cost ($1.0').
GIVEN THIRTY DAYS.
N. G. Wright, who was arrested in ;
the city several days ago on a rliarec !
of transporting whisky and who
worked on the S:ste Highway far a j
number of months, was Monday s-on-;
tenced to serv- a term of thirty davs
in the Pima county j:il for having, a ;
government revolver in his possessi-n.
Wrieht was arrested before for hiul-l
Ing liquor from Lowell to Naco tci the 1
soldiers' camp and as scon as he was
released went back to the camp and
was causht with an army revolver.
HAS RETURNED.
nonstable Joe Hoilires of Lowell hps
J returned from a trip to Phoenix and
Florence, 'where he went with Deputy
OUTPUT IS INCREASING.
According to an announcement made
at the New York office of the Greene
Cananea Copper company, the CMnanea
C'onso'idated (Copper company has at
tained i normal output, and the month
ly output is averaging more thai 4,-
the t(i.00O pounds. Th- announcenif-nt
:dded that the outlook at ( ananea was
brighter than ii had been for maty
months.
Advices received in Dnuglas indicate
that the 4C company is operating in a
a satisfactory manner in every re-j
sp'-K't. increased production. Labor is j
plentiful and no unrest is apparent. I
BLISS JOURNEY DELAYED.
A young Uisbee couple yesterday
in 5: Parts by Cyru s Townsend Brady
The stcry of the $10,000 Bride who agreed to forget love, but failed to count on
the other man.
Sheriff Charles Cross to take some started for Tombstone to secure a
prisoners to the penitentiary and to (marriage license and had reached a
! deliver two insans patients to the
asylum. He states that the weather
is beginning to warm up in Phoenix.
LEAVE TODAY.
point just beyond the foot of the gradi
on the other side, when the car turned
turtle and the occupants were thrown
out into the ditch along side of the
road. The car was damaged and had
SIGNAL FILM COMPANY Presents
Joe Schnpp and wife le't this morn-, to be towed back into town while the
Ing for Cincinnati. Ohio, where they couple were passengers back on the
me
Defying Death Itself
Virginia in her marvelous heroism, leaps from a high powered
speeding automobile to t!ie observation platform of a
lightning express train, risking life and limb to gain her
goaL This is but one of numberless wonderful feats of daring
performed by fear'cS3
MARIE WALCAMP
IN
The Eed Ace"
EPISODE NO. 1
A thriller from, start to finish. Sensational
dare devil sUints that make you' grip your seat and
held you spellbound.
A Two Reel L-KO COMEDY
A LAUGH FROM STAR TO FINISH
ALSO TWO REEL WESTERN DRAMA
MUSIC BY ROYAL ORCHESTRA
PICTURES CHANGE DAIlY
ROYAL THEATRE
TODAY 1 TO 10:30
ADMISSION Balcony 5c Lower Floor 10c
Helen H
olmes m
Lost h
Chapter Eleven "A FIGHT FOR A MILLION"
xpress
KING BEE FILM COMPANY Presents
BILLY WEST in "THE PEST'J
SURVEYS APPROVED.
Three new surveys have been an
nrov"d bv the Mirveyor general. One
is three lodes in the Tuniuois district.
Cochise countv. belonging to John
Oleeson of,Gleeson: the secu:d be
longs to the Sniuiyside Gold Mine in
the San Francisco district. o"d th-
third Is in the San Krmcisco district
rnd tr-longs to the- I'nited K istcr.n
Mining company.
marriage license will now come ever
II II. . 1 1 1 It 1 1 . 1 111 ll"ltl-.-l v. " - . , , .
i,meH n,.. ntch , performance and
the marriage licenses.
City Briefs
.
Mas anyone visited you? Or
have you entertained? If so. call
the rteview after 6 p. m. and tell
the Society Editor, f'hene 39.
age CS, who died yesterday afternoon
will be held tomorrow morning at 9:30
at the Catholic church and Interment
will le made at Evergreen cemetery.
H. IWallingford were outgoing
seheers lrst night on the Golden i
State Limited for Phoenix, where he ,
was called on business matters.
CALLED TO DOUGLAS.
Mrs. L. L. Oilman was called to
Douglas where her brother is ill with
pi-rjiuonia.
HERE FROM PHOENIX.
M. M. Savage is in the city
few dtvs fr.;ni I'hoenix on a
liess trip.
fcr n
busl-
CHlSHOLM FUNERAL.
The funeral for Archibald Chisholm,
FCR PHOENIX.
Mis. W. M. Genon was an outgoin?
ir.senprr List evening for IMi-j.'nix,
where she will remain 'or a few
weeks.
FOR LOS ANGELES.
J. Welsn. Mrs. M. Heeler and Mrs.
GOES TO CANANEA.
Dr. N. C. Bledsoe of Bisbee. was call
ed iatt Monday evening to Cananea on
professional business. Me attended
Dr. Mueller of the Four C Company,
who has been seriously ill. Me return
ed to I'isbee yesterday.
expect to malt? their future home. He ; incoming Rockhill stage at noon.
I has been In the employ of Uie book-,
! keeping department . of the rhelo3
Podae Store here for some time. She
has been working in the same ca
racity for the E. A. Tovrea company.
DIES OF PNEUMONIA.
Archie Chisholm. a resident of Co-
! chise county for the past 4u years,
died yesterday at the C. & A. hopital
n fun attack of pneumonia. Me was
i ill but a few days. ll has been In)
i the Warren District for pbout six
months, working in the mines, cam
! ing from Benson, w here he has nnde (
I his home and where he has real estate !
I and mining interesls. Me was 6:5 '
! years of age. Me is survived by a
I . - I cousin. Alec Chisholm. thtf only rela-
1 FORMERLY LIVED HERE. tVe In the Cniied Stales. Mr. CIiN-i
i William R King, formerly of thl.! hr-lm was born in Cape Ili lta'n. N S. .
pa- frity, found trtiilty on bootlegging ! Funeral will probablv bo heH Thurf
charge bv a jurv in Maricopa ciuntv, h-iv from the Menncssy I'ndortaking
was sentenced to serve four months jv'ots. whvre th baily is now bring
t hnr labor In the county 1 and ( held.
In addition to nay a fln of $",00 or
serv one day for each dollir unpaid, i BOOKS WINNING SHOWS.
by. Judge R C. S'anforJ in th- su- Two of the most successful and at-
perior cciirt this a'ternoon. King wrs i tractive shows which have come from
musical mclandes of recent years, will
be fchown at the Orpheum. Both are
anticipated locally with more than a
measure of zest. They will brin
Broadway to Bisbee and the Warren
district for at least the few hours of
will leave their
enchanting flavor in the minds of dis
trict tesidents for many days to come.
Hams-. All creditors are urged to
present. Adv. 6U'
Dr. Playfclr, Osteopath. SS Manon
Rill. Mason car atop. Phone Blue 647
: AdT. 231
Business Locals
MADAM CAGNEY
tifts the dark ci' of the past, reads
the destiny of the f -ture. Acrosn from
theatre. Iowell. AdT. fi53
Expert paper hanger and pnin'er. f
J. Brandt: Phone 456. Box 150. 3S0
UNDER NEW MANAGEMENT ;
The Ozark Imarding and rooming ;
house, 71 Brewery Gulch. Adv. -161 ,
For neon day luncn. fn to the
lrtf'l! Kitchen nnd 'rv in nf tbelr
3S .i: bi!alions; hi. e if thr
con.binaiii'iis. Iv.T!!
1.. 1. Gilman sells th- Neir Edison.
t!ic phonogmpii with a soul.
Gin: antes Paint Co., Thone 0i.
Adv. 60:t
DANCE.
C. & A. Band Dance, Warren Park,
Wednesday. April 10, 191S. Admis
sion "0 cents. Indies free. Adv. S'J
ROCKHILL'S 3TAGE
BIsbee-Torahstone, IeaTes Bisbee
Blabee Auto Co., 7 a. m- 1:30 p. m. 7
Phone Bisbee S. Adv.
Contractor end Builder
ESTIMATES AND PLANS
FURNISHCD
Wm. McDOUGALL
OPPOSITE LINCOLN SCHOOL
PHONE GREEN 728
Call
MATERNITY HOME. .
Black 573 for term?. et
Advertisement 974
DANCE AT WARREN.
Another of the popular C. &. A. band
dances will be held at the Warren par
on Wednesday night, it is announced.
I' informs for the band, which have
one- of the victims In the recent b.ot-j jcew York in many seasons have been
legging clean up. j booked by Manager Al Detloff of the
lOrplieum theatre for the latter part of
MAKING OLLAS. j this riOiith. "Marys Ankle," a farci-
Tl:rt summer lime Is pnpn.ic'iing is . ral ("splay in three views, and played
evident from thr fact tht the Pipagohy the original cast which appeared
Indl-ns have nrrived at thrir cunplnTlfor several months on Broadway, is
pmund on the o'hr pl'le of tiie Di-!the first of these successes, due here
vide nn' a -e hc?un t'u wTk of on A ril 24. Three nights later. April I neen called lor :.( Wednesday,
making Ihe summer supply cf "lias i 27. Princess Pat. one of the daintiest April lmh at the office of S. K. Wll-
NOTICE TO CREDITORS.
A meeting of all creditors of John
Milr, former restaurant keeper, has
JOHN C. WILSON
Contractor
and Builder
ESTIMATES FURNISHED ON
ALL CLASSCS OF BUILINGS
SEE ME LAST Phone Green 782
CALLED FOR AND
DELIVERED
Opposite Y.W.CA,
PHONE 739