WEATHER
Arizona: Tuesday anJ
Wednesday, gen fair
no change in temp.
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service,
VOL 21, NO. 83.
F F g?STHE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 18, 1918.
FIVE C'JNTS.
t v
State
. : . : ; .
TAKE 891 OF STROXfifST
POSITIONS HELD BY AIDS
Of USER, ALSO MTK
MAY NECESSITATE RECALL OF
BULGARIAN DIVISION LOANED
TO GERMANS TO B0L6TER UP
WANING STRENGTH UPON THE
WESTERN FRONT
'FRENCH ARE CLEARING
ST. GOBAIN BELIEVED BY GER
MANS TO BE IMPERVIOUS TO
ATTACK IS BEING CLEARED
SLOWLY OF ITS DEFENDERS;
BRITISH MAKE PROGRESS I
UNDATED WAR LEAD, BY
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS.
While, the Serbs and their French
allies are wresting from the Bul
bars some of the strongest posi
tions tbey have held in Macedonia
for two years. Marshal Koch's
forces are nibbling successfully at
the German lines on the western
front in the face of more deter
mined resistance.
The near-east furnished the most
sensational news of the day, however.
The offensive which has been launch
ed there seems not only the most sue- j
cessful but most pretentious In many
months. It, appears probable that a
further advance by the Franco-Ser-j
bians will necessitate the recall' of the ;
Bulgarian divisions which havt been '
lMit to KmperOr William to bolster the
Teuton resistance in France and
Flanders.
An official Serbian report declares
that the reconstituted army of the
battered, but not beaten, little king
dom has taken not only 3000 prisoners
but an important park of cannon. The
Bulgars admit having retired but de
clare the attack has been checked to
the north of Gradeshitsa. There is
nothing to indicate, however, an ad
vance of the Serbs ana r rencn
has j
been definitely held up.
The lull in the fighting in the west
Is regarded by military critics as
merely the prelude to further heavy
blows at the foe by the Americans,
British and French armies.
The British advanced their lines
slightly at several points. They are
making steady progress m tne invest-
nient of St. Quentin, a difficult task
even under most favorable conditions.
General Petain's veterans are forg
ing ahead slowly but Burely in their
grim and desperate struggle for the
St. Gobain forest which the Germans
have been ordered to hold at all costs.
.Not only is the position a natural
citalel, but the Teutons have forti
fied it in every way their ingenuity
could devise. Notwithstanding the
difficulty of their task, however, the
French are moving ou, taking prison
ers as they go.
On the American front tin- last
twenty-four hours have been the
quietest since General Pershing's
command launched it irresistible
drive against the St. Mihiel salient.
There are indications that the Ger
mans intend to retire behind the Ilin-
deuburg line in this sector. They are i
burning villages along the Moselle oners. Many of the prisoners are
and in other sections. This procedure stragglers but among them were the
usually is preliminary to a retreat. , crevs of several lost or isolated ma
Another victory has been recorded' chine guns. In some cases they had
for the Americans, British and French been taken from countering patrols.
on the newly constituted eastern
front. Detachments of tiie ailies have
routed Bolshevik! forces in the vicin
ity of Archangel and it is reported
many of the Red Guard officers went
over to the allies when their men
fled in panic.
The Austrian peace note appears al- j
(Continued on Page Two)
WOBBLY ORGANIZER AND ASSISTANTS ARE
ARRESTED BY DETECTIVES IN IOWA WITH
TRUNKS CONTAINING MEMBERSHIP LISTS
SIOl'X CITY, la., Sept. 17. A force of Sioux City detectives and dep
uty United States Marshal M. P. Smith today raided a house at 1420 Ross
street, arrested a man and woman, and seized four trunks containing
I. W. W. literature. The man gave the the name of H. J. Casey and his
home address as Phoenix, Ariz
The woman said her name was Mrs. A. Elwood and her residence
Duluth. Minn.
The trunk scontained a complete Index of the I. W. W. organization
of America. The couple, with their baggage arrived in Sioux City about
August 20 and have been constantly under police surveillance. Several
of their trunks have not yet been searched, but it is believed by the de
tectives that they will contain much valuable Information on plans of
the organization. On account of the constant raids in Chicago the police
believe they have intended to locate headquarters here.
Casey gave his occupation as a jeweler and said that he was formerly
a deputy state organizer for Arizona. Mrs. Elwood said she was an
expert Indexer in the employe of the I. W. W.
TWO MEN AND TWO
WOMEN INJURED WHEN
THEIR CARS CRASH
CLOVIS, X. M., Sept. 17. Thom
as Hoover of Amarlllo, Texas, was
killed, Anastaeio Romero, of this
city had an eye put out, and Bes
sie Wallace and Dollle Smith, also
of this city, received slight injuries
last night when two automobiles,
said to have been traevling. at
high rate of speed, collided fur the"
dark about two miles south of i
here. Both cars were demolished. ;
YANK FORCE AT
GRIPS WITH HUN
MULL LINE
Germans Apparently Have
Foregone Any Idea of At
tempting Counter Attack to
Regain Ground
'. WITH THE AMERICAN ARMY
p. THE LORRAINE FRONT.
Sept. 17 (By the Associated Press.)
The American line cn the Lor
raine front on Tuesday afternoon
stood as follows:
Ronvaux, Manheulles, Pinthe
ville. St. Hilaire, Doncourt. Woel,
Haugont, a point between Jaulny
and Rembercourt, north cf Vandie
res and south of Champey to the
old line east of Pont-A-Mousson.
ANSWER HUN CHALLENGE
AMERICAN ARMY ON THE LOR-
raINE FRONT, Sept. 17, (By the As-
80Ciated Press.) American artillery,
Gantry and aviators made emphatic
reuiie3 today to the German challenge
nil alone the newly established line.
j-ne enemy bombarded certain points '
wjtn vigor an dthrew over quantities I
or gaSi largely of the mustard variety, j
while airplanes endeavored to force
their way throu ghthe aerial defenses,
but evidence was wholly lacking that
the Germans contemplate any at
tempt to regain the territory they
have lost.
Their high command apparently ins
tend to adhere to the policy which re
sulted in the relinquishment of a large
section without a bitter struggle.
Reports brought in by aviators as
well as information obtained from
prisoners and verified by patrols shew
the Germans are strengthening their
trenches along the HIndenburg line
but thore is nothing to show they are
reinforcing their lines to a degree that
might mean a strong counter move
ment .
Patrols sent out by the Americans
have been successful not only in re-
connaissaince but in bringing In pris
There was much German activity on
the extreme right of the line where
the enemy vigorously shelled and j
ftaoocu LUC wuuus UUIIU Ul I Uill-A' I
Mousson and in the vicinity of Nor-1
roy. Machine gun action north of
Beney was spirited while the German
artillery was active from
Haumont
(Continued on Pica Two)
25 DIE A!
SIM HURT
N WREC
FREIGHT AND TROOP TRAIN
COME TOGETHER NEAR MARSH
FIELD, MO, WITH FATAL EF
FECT TO MORE THAN SCORE OF
U. S. FIGHTING MEN
IDENTITY IS UNKNOWN
STRICT CENSORSHIP ESTABLISH
ED BY OFFICERS IN COMMAND,
WHILE MILITARY GUARD
THROW AROUND TRAIN SOON
RESTORES ORDER
Hy Review Lenm. Wire)
SPRINGFIELD. Mo.. Sept. 17.
Twenty-five soldiers were killed
and between fifty and sixty more
were injured tonight, when a
freiFht train and a troop train
crashed together in a head-on col
lision, one mite east of Marshfield,
Mo. Bodies of between fifteen and
twenty soldiers were recovered,
but several others were buried be
neath the wreckage, and it will be
Impossible to reach them before
the wrecking crew has -cleared the
tracks.
The Inlured were placed aboard a
relief train from Springfield and rush
ed to hospitals here.
A wrecking crew arrived on the
scene about midnight, and it was
thoneht that the bodies could tje
reached early in the worning. Tneue
appeared to be seven' or elgbfibodiei
pinned beneath the wreckage. Kll the
bodies recovered were brought to
Springfield, where they will be pre
pared for shipment to their respect
ive homes. There was little confusion
at the scene of the wreck. Within a
few minutes after it occurred a guard
of soldiers had been thrown out and
soldiers were at work removing the
bodies and giving first aH to their
wo-jJided comrades. Marshfield physi
cians were called in to assist in caring
for the wounded.
After the first half hour no one
else was allowed to approach the
wreck. The names of the killed and
inlured were not avai'able late to
night, a strict censorship being placed
on pll information 9 to the wreck
by the army officers on board t
UttH.
No information as to the fate
of the train crews was available, nor
would railroad officials comment as
to the probable cause of the collision
The first coach contained troops
from Colo1o "' Minnesota, with a
few from Missouri. In the seeo"
coach were troops fmm West Vir
ginia. Iowa, Illinois and Nebraska.
TRAIN IN COLLISION.
fl'v K w I-t w1 Wire)
SPRINGFIELD. Mo.. Sept. 17
Twentv-flve soldiers are reported kill
ed and thirty others injured in a head-
fOnnHmi! An Two)
FACTORY FIRE
TRAPS till AND
ENDS THEIR LIFE
Escape by Stairs and Fire Es
capes Cut Off, They Huddle
' in Cloak Room on Topmost
Floor
NEWARK, N. J. Sept. 17. Trapped
i In a cloak room on the top floor.
j eight girls, a boy and a man perished
here today in a fire which destroyed
the plant of the American Button
company. Another girl was killed
j when, seeking to escape from the
flames, she leaped from a window.
Nine other girls were Injured, several
; probably fatally.
I At 2 o'clock the factory hummed
with industry of more than 300 young
I women engaged in making buttons foi
I army and navy uniforms. At 3:30
the building was a flame-swept ruin.
! the top floor of which formed a tomb
I for workers who had been driven Into
the cloak room by flames and smoke
j At 4:30 the fire was virtually ex
j ttngtiixhed and the task of identifying
victims began.
The girls on the lower floors made
their escape. Most of the dead and
IT'S A LONG
SCANDAL S TOUCH
HINTED
LATE
FUNDS I
Question of Probing Into Ex
penditures of Huge Funds
Now in Hands of Elections
Committee 1
WASHINGTON, Sept 17. Investi
gation begun by the department of
justice into expenditures of funds in
recent senatorial and congressional
campaigns in a number of states may
be followed by inquiries by the senate
elections committee into expense ac
counts of candidates for nomination to
the senate.
A resolution authoriz
tee to inquire into expend
recent primary in Michigan, in which.
Truman H. Newberry received the re
publican nomination for senator and in)
any other state where large expendit-j
uras appear unwarranted, was intro-,
duced in the rsnate today by Senator
Pomerene of Ohio, democrat. j
The resolution was referred to the;
siections committee after some c-is-cussion.
While the senate was discus
sing the resolution it became
known that the department of jus
tice had begun an investigation
into campaign expenditure in
New York, Illinois, Michigan ar.1l
other states.
In offering his resolution Sen
ator Pomerene filed a copy of the
expense account of Mr. Newberry
in bis campaign, which showed
total contributions cf $17S.S56 and
a total expenditure of $176,5S.
Contributions to the fund, accord
ing to fie report ranged frcm $1 to
$99,000.
Opinion regarding the senate
authority to conduct such an in
vestigation before a candidate was
elected to office was divided. Sen
ator Pomerene declared there was
no question as to the senate's au
thority but Senator L-dj;. and
ether republican leaders fc:u t they
did not think the sena'e had such
pow r. If the invesiJg it'nii is to
be made, however. S.-:iat-- L 'Ue
urj'ed that it be sweeping and i p
ply to nil states.
Senator Townsend defended Mr.
Newberry and while not oppos
ing the investigation, said this
is not the time to make it.
IVnial that politics prompto!
CAffAIGi
LANE THAT HAS
IF YOU HAVE NOT
PAID YOUR PAPER
BILL, THIS MEANS YOU
Last month the Review inaugu
ate ! the scheme of dispensing with
collec tors to collect subscription ac.
counts and the new idia was put
into operation without a hitch. The
government forbids us to deliver
papers to subscribers whose sub
scriptions are not paid up regular
ly. Although we found it necessary
to discontinue a few subscriptio is
o let the u.ipaid subscrip'ions of
some cf our eld time subscribers
run over until this mouth with the
expectation that they would adjust
the small amounts this month. Ail
cf the bills now have beon mailefl
and as these are due when present
ed we urge our subscribers to pay
direct at the office and not force
us to discontinue delivering the
paper to them. We appeal to you
to co-operate with us anl help us
live up to the government's regula
tions to eliminate all wastage of (
print paper by paying your sub
scriptions direct to t'-e business
office.
ENTHUSIASM IS
SHOWN AT Hl-Y
SCI
!
i
First Sessions Held Last Night
With Good - Attendance;
Schedule of
Announced
Classes Now
Clauses in the Hl-Y educational
courses started lust night at the hish
school and Y. M. C. A. with a large
number of students in attendance at
the opening session.
Enrollment wag made Monday night
at a meeting held in the high school
auditorium, when more than 20 were
piesent to enter the various classes,
ni addition to thw number there were
many who were unable to attend, and
wno will
and next.
get into classes this week
Several additional classes
which some of those in attendant' J-'-
sircd torm.d may De organize :i
eno.iMi students are secured to make!
11 Orin HI I.
The enthusiasm shown by
thO-e'
present was very gratifying to mem
bers of the educational committee,
and with the largest number of stu
dents ev er recorded entered in t lasses
and th largest cm rlculuni ever
ut-p,
I00L OPENING
NO TURNING
SLAUGHTER BY
V
Reign of Terror Eclipses Any
thing Outside World Can
Imagine, Says Message
From Neutral Country
WASHINGTON. Sept. 17. Informa
tion reaching the state department to
day from a neutral country threw new
light on the situation in Central Rus
sia, where a reign of terror conducted
bv the Bclsiieviki has made the posi
tion of th populace tragic in fie ex
treme and endangering citizens of the
entente powers who have been unable
to leave the country.
Declaring that the outside world
cauuot have a true conception cf the
actual conditions, the dispatches say
that since May the Bolsheviki extraor
dlnary commission against the counter
revolution has conducted a campaign
of wholesale murder. Thousands of
perat ns have been shot wirhcut even
a form of a trial, it was said, and
manv of them probably were innocent
of the political views for which they
were executed.
The assassination of Moses Uritzky.
head of the commission against the
counter revolution and the attempt ct
the life of Premier Ixnln were indirect
results of this condidion of tvranhy
said the advices. Besides the 500 per -
SOUS IU ...I," Ttllllt III 1 llllllt I. IW.I I V 11 (
the deat'i of Crltzky, a large number:
(Continue! on, fe Twot
HOLESALE
RUSIAOFTODAY
j KREBS REQUESTS ONE HUNDRED LOCAL
j PEOPLE TO MEET HIM TODAY AT THE
Y. M. C A. TO WORK UPON REGISTRATION
Are there 100 patriotic citizens In Bisbee who are r.t the same time
good penmen? If there are. this number will have an excellent chance ;
to disDlav patriotism and at the same tinie exercise their skill with a
pen. by meeting Ray B. Krebs, secretary of the local board, at the Bisbee
Y M C A todav at 1 c'clock u. m.
J thpro ,8 no provt.si0n forpaving clerical
Mr. Krebs said last night that he
registration
-,e ce"1 registration.
It also was announced bv Mr.
I ,...... .,... , ,. u. ....ll.l
li,l,ml IUH He IlltU IIIUIIKIII ll.'IUirr
to men netween tne ages oi i ana .i anu o. iu on, uu m .i..iu i.
first call under the next draft, will be started within the next day or two.
The questionnaires must he filled out at once and returned to the county
recorder's office, one week being the legal limit set by the provost mar
shal general. In the meantime Mr. Krebs has to catch up with his work
cf indexing ail the names registered last week.
PAEANS FROM
ALL PRAISE
D. S. ANSWER
foreign Diplomats unite
with both houses of con
gress in lauuing rapid re
fusal of wilson to discuss
peace with austria
NOW AWAIT NEXT MOVE
IT IS EXPECTED CONFIDENTLY
THAT ENEMY WILL NOT ABAN
DON HOPE OF DIVIDING ALLIES
BY AROUSING DIFFERENCES AS
TO PEACE AIMS
(Special to The Review)
WASHINGTON. Sept. 17. Au
stria's peace offensive is a closed
Incident so far as the American
government is concerned. Secre
tary Lansing sent to the Swedish
minister today the note author
ized last night by President Wil
son flatly rejecting in two short
sentences the proposal or toe
Austro-Hungarian government for
secret and non-binding peace dis
cussions. It was started on the
cables at once for transmission to
Vienna by the foreign office at
Stockholm.
The president's actiou includ
ing the precedent setting brevity
of the reply and the promptness
with which it was delivered
drew expressions of approval at
the capltol, among officials anil
throughout the allied diplomatic
corps.. Similar responses from the
other natiJiis at war with Ger
many are expected quickly.
In the senate. Senator Lodge, of
Massachusetts, republican lixr l-.-i.l-er
and the ranking minority mem
ber of the foreign relations committee
voiced the feelings of congress on the
subject in a prepared speech heart
ily approving the president's course
as both wise and right. The United
States, the senator said, can talk
peace only to a Germany beaten and
deprived of power further to harm
a wronged world. He nas followed by
Senator .Met' umber of North Dakota,
republican, and Senator Thomas of
Colorado, domocrat. with like expres
sions. On the house siJe Representa
tive Fees of Ohio, chairman of the
rcpublictti ccngr.wsional campaign
spoke in approval. Unequivocal re
jection of the Austriaus otfer from all
the allies will be in accordance with
the policy which has gove:ned lh
etitente powers and America in meet
ing the German peace offensives.
Prompt action is regarded as the sur
est means of defeating the underlying
putpose of the ceutral powers to
shake the allies and develop fatal
weaknesses by the encouragement of
the expression of the individual aims
and views of the separate stati s.
Foreign Minister Balfour's commer.t
yesterday is accepted in Washington
as a sufficient indication of the at
titude of Great Britain and it is n:
doubted similar expressions will be
forthcoming from other entente capi
tals soon.
Regarding this phase of the peace
campaign as practically closed, the ad
ministration is closely watching tor
the next move on the part cf the en
emy, for it is not believed they will
abandon their efforts.
It has been suggested that, denied
unlimited fields of secret discussion
of war issues, Austria may attempt
a coup by assenting to a restriction
of the discussion to the principles
laid down by President Wlls.o as the
only possible basis of peace.
It was said authoritatively today
that such a proposition undoubtedly
: would be accepted. Bat this statement
- --
minder of conditions which must be
(Continued on Par Twol
The work must be done gratis, as
help.
wished the help to copy cards from
Krebs that the work has advanced
thA molting rf nilOitionnilirp
anu uic uia.imp, v. M
(Continued on Page Two)
(Continued oil I'atfO Five)
(Continue on Pace Two) TWO
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 18, 1918.
ENTHUSIASM IS
SHOWN AT HI-Y '
SCHOOL OPENING
GOVERNMENT CONTROL
OF GOAL AND OIL
LANDS SEEMS CERTAIN
DEADLOCK FREVENT3 PASSAGE
OF OIL LEASING BILL AND IN
MEANTIME PRESIDENT HAS
POWER TO TAKE OVER ALL EX
HAUSTIBLE RESOURCES
(I!v R.' i-w leased Wirt-)
WASHINGTON. Sept. 17. Govern
ment if iitio: and operation of western
coal and oil lands is inevitable unless
i : o house and senate conferees break
the deadlock which is preventing the
i'"al passage cf the oil leasing bill,
S'enulor riitnvj'i of Nevada declared
ioi.jy jn the senate. Such a result
w:miM be u:sa:;iic-i:a to the west, he
s iid. Erin wculG drive prospectors to
seek foreign fields.
"1 01. .eve the prcsideut has the
to vsr to take over these lands," the
senator added. "I believe If we do
noi j.ass this bill he will take over
i !io oil and then ihe coal lands, and
hen the copper and then every ex
liausiiiile resource."
The principal differences between
the conferees. Senator Pittnian said,
is over the leasing policy and the
prop' al to the secretary of the in
terior sole discretion In the matter, in
(Continued from Page Ona)
lempted the night school, backed by
the Hi-Y, will certainly make history
his year.
Nearly every imaginable subject v
be taught and anyone who cannot find
one or more classes that will benefit
him or her must indeed be blessed
with a very exceptional education for
the things taught run from auto re
pairing, radio buzzer work and eiec
.litity to bookkeeping, shorthand,
ttiio'.yping, Krtnch, Spanish, English,
domestic science, art and numbers of
...her interesting subjects.
Class nights were arranged Mon
day night, and it was decided to have
itfty-niinute recitation periods In or
der that those desiring to do so can
attend more than one cfass a night.
This will prove quite an accommoda
tion to those forced to come some
distance, as they can attend both
classes the same night and thus come
to the city two nights a week instead
of fcur.
All classes in the Hi-Y course will
be held twice a week for each sub
ject, while a few of them will find the
students in session three nigats a
w f k.
Excellent teachers have been pro
vided fcr all subjects and with hard
study, application, and regular attend
ance at classes the benefits to be ac
crued are inestimable.
; Those desiring to further a gram
mar school or high school education
r.nlf-r to learn (he attitude of the
Kccrrfr.ries of the nnvy and interior, : nd even those wishing to supplement
as well- as the attorney general, on a college education will find the Hi-Y
'his matter, he sa,id they had been nigut course classes just me rigni
invited to confer with the conferees, j thing. ,
hiit so far no engagement to meet A-fc'J "! women, older boys and
them has been made. girls, will be enabled to study for
s ra;or Borah of Idaho said he did huMiiess positions, both as regards of-
not think the president has authority nee ur.d mechanical work and also
to trkr- over and operate the oil and tlio.jo now eiij.sed in such wcrk will
coal lands. 1 De enabled to study and by showing
S-nptor Pittman read a letter from j in-.rrcvfcinunt in their duties force pro-
Secretary Daniels saying he was com-'motion.
milted to the provisions of the house
bill, and added that should nothing
iu re be herd from the cabinet mem
bers, he will call the senate and house
conferees together in an effort to
reach an agreement.
SERBS AND FRENCH
STRIKE BULGARIANS
HARD BLOW IN EAST
(Continued from Page Ona)
Tnft miirh imnnrtanrfl rnn'f ho
placed in the possibilities of these
courses and with the new draft law
taking many men from 31 to 45, as
well as the younger men between the
?ges cf It, and 21 to war tiere will
be n;oru iharces than t-vtr .'or those
anxious to secure positions, as the de
mand for help will be greater than
ever before in the history Of the na
tion. Right today iocal business firms are
looking for men and women who ars
badly needed to keep these firms and
industries going and this demand is
toiiid to increase rapidly.
Everyone who by study fits himself
ready to have become almost ancient
history. The blunt and unmistakable
a i until aji a i. ni!v :i l it iinwu uai icf ,
with the Central Powers except npou cr herself ror work winch will thus
the terms he previously laid down I rt ,ease a man draft .age for active
seems ta have voiced the sentiments J diItT at tne Iront 3 showing patriot
of the entente. They are likly to ltj'En of a nlSh degree and should be
the reply of the United States suffice ; commended.
for all as they did in the. case of the! Anyone who has not yet enrolled
papal peace proposal. I !n lne classes should get in touch
' w'th Prof. Eowles at the Y. M. C. A.
OERSKING'S COMMUNIQUE. and he will be glad to furnish any ad
kv i;v,, w :.,,nr,i iviivj jditional information desired.
WASHINGTON. Srpt. 17, ContirV I Just as soon as stucients find con
ucd activity by the artillery and air:1 filets in their studies ithey should
j!;!:C i:i t? St. JVIihiel sector; was aotify F; of. Hordes and an effort will
reported in General PSrshing's com-1 he made to change one or another of
niunique for today. American patrols : the subjects or if there are enough
keeping in contact with the enemy ton llicis to warrant another class
b'o::t,hi in prisoners. The statement ; night for that study will be arranged
KERENSKY VISITS -LABOR
MEETING
(V,v Review IajbimhI V!-e)
LONDON, Sept. 17. Ex-Premier
Kerensky of Russia attended the aft
ernoon session of the labor confer
ence today and was given a seat on
the platform. Arthur Henderson, lead
er of the labor party in the house of
commons, explained that the regular
Russian deleates had not arrived al
though they had been given passports
to leave Bergen, Norway.
Mr. Henderson said he had received
a long cablegram from the Russian
delegates who were absent, appealing
to the labor parties Qf the western
powers to despatch a commission to
investigate the attitude of the masses
in Russia toward the soviet government.
The message added that the Rus
sian workmen were powerless against
their oppressors and that interven
tion by the western proletariat would
substantially facilitate the overcom
ing of the Russian crisis.
A lively discussion arose over the
voting system. Samuel Campers,
president of the American Federation
of Labor, said that although the Amer
ican socialist party was not repre
sented at the conference, the Amer
ican Federation of Labor did not yield
an Inch in its claim to represent the
whole American labor movement ans
he protested against any system of
block voting and against the French
delegate Longuet's proposal that the
American Federation of Labor should
be apportioned only a certain number
of votes.
A sharp debate followed, but no de
cision was reached.
First place in nthe conference, it
was decided, should be given to a dls
cussion of a war aim proposal.
FACTORY FIRE
TRAPS NINE AND
ENDS THEIR LIFE
(Continued from Pae One)
I injured were working in the carding
room at the top of the building. It i.
1 believed that they found escape by
(means of fire escapes and stairways
cut off, they fled in a. panic to the
cloak room where the bodies wero
found later. All were burned beyond
recognition and It was only through
trinkets and bits of sqorchert attire
that identification was possible.
Driven into the cloak room which
had but one window, only one girl
summoned up courage to jump. She
died almost immediately.
The fire started In cans of lacquer
stored on the second floor, according
to Superintendent Frederick V. Go
erdes, who said an explosion, occurred
when a defectively insulated electric
wire came In contact with the con.
Th
rcof,
girls
that not only was escape by means
of interior stairs cut off, but that
their only other means of exit, a fire
escape was swept by flames which
spurted through windows. It was the
sight of this seemingly Impossible bar
rier that threw the girls into a panic.
Most of the workers on the top
floor reached the fire escape and those
who perished lost their lives only
when they climbed back after de
scending part way.
HEAVY RAINS MAKE
SLOW TRACK FOR
RACES ATCOLUMBUS
GRAND CIRCUIT RACE MEET
FEATURED BY FIR8T DEFEAT
THIS YEAR OF BINLAND IN 2:M
TROT BY ROYAL MAC IN
8TRAIGHT HEATS
Uy Review leaned Wire)
COLUMBUS. Ohio. Sept. 17. Grand
Circuit racing began here today on a
slow track because of heavy ralna of
Monday and cloudy skies today up to
noon. The course was made safe for
racing by 2 o'clock and the four events
1 g
PUP
he flames spread rapidly to the! "e completed, but not without come,
'. and nearly a hundred men aud 7 c?nr"to "J1 w1,,nner" ,f 11
; at work on the third floor found tJl Vll ll
SLAUGHTER BY
WHOLESALE MARKS
RUSSIA OF TODAY
(Continued from Face Ona)
NO. AUTOS SOON.
follows:
"Headquarters American xpedition
,iry Forces, Sept. 17, 191?. Section
A In the St. Mihiel sector the day
was quiet except for continued activ
ity cf artillery and aviation, and pa
trol encounters, in .ich we c;Vtured
"lirtoncrs. An enemy raid in the
Vosges was repulsed."
GERMAN EVENING OFFICIAL
:c-h week
The main idea of the classes is to
benefit the largest number of persons
.firing to further tneir education and
overy effort will be made to meet stu
dents half way in suggestions they
may offer. If there are any additional
studies which students desire . they
should find as manv others as nossible
! r.atc rested iu the ame ubject and turn
. ti:e names in to Prof. Bowles. This
1 will result in forming n rlnsn tirovlH.
BERLIN (via London). Sept. i7.j ing sufficient numbers demand the
The statement issued from headuuar- BU"!fct' , , , ,
ters this evening mvs: i There will be three recitation peri-
Bctvveen the Aile'tie and the Aisr.e i 0 c&L,h night at the high school and
renewed enemy attack., failed.- I B,ome cla.e at Uf M- A., while
i lliero -will be a French tlasB taught
E3IT1SH OFFICIAL i h 5 Ct A ' 7,he !eC'ta!0nt De"
r -tx- c, ,- , , .-riods will be from 6.30 to 7:20, from
LONDON, fccpt. 1. The Brl'ish -t..,0 to S:10 and from S:10 t0 9 night.
gained grcu:id today in the neuhber ;y excent Snurdavs and Sundays.
hood of Hcluon village, northwest of; ju order to make it possible for the
St. Queiitm, according to Field Mir-1 men workinc at shift work in the
siial i-iaig's rer.ort toright. : mines to take advantare of the classes
A German post west of La Rasseejan attempt is being made to work out
was cs:ptu.ed. New posts were es-;a schedule which will permit after
UUishu! :.or;heast of Neuvechapene' noon classes so these men can keep
and ir. tto neighbored of Mo'g-j Up with their studies while on grave-
steen. i yard shift. All such men who have
I entered for classes or wlio desire to
Ai""AN CHEATS DEATH. ! c-ntrr l. classes should see Prof.
Clow'.cs in order that he may ascertain
!hc!r ideas on tao subject sad learn
(By Review Leased Wire)
CHICAGO, Sept. 17. The United
States will soon be altogether without
passenger automobiles, Stanley Field,
for a year director of supplies and
transportation for the American Red
Cross in France, predicted In. a speech
before a gathering of motor car men
today.
"Almost all of the transportation of
trocps and supplies to the allied lines
s dene by motors," he said. "And we
arc going to have to come to doing
without cars in this country without
any kick. England now has no tour
ing firs running. We've got to come
to it."
CARDINAL FARLEY DIES
AT HOME IN NEW YORK
MAMARONECK, N. Y., Sept. 17.
Cardinal John M. Farley, arch
bishop of New York, died at his
country home here tonight. The
aged prelate had r.een sinking
rapidly since he- suffered a re
iapse last Sunday, following par
tial recovery frorri an attack of
pneumonia.
of ether persons are held for execution
In the event that further attempts
are made cn the lives of the Bo'sho
vlki leaders. .
A general search is being made of
the homes of Moscow of the well-to-
do and of former officers. In an effort
to secure any shreds of evidence upon
which to make arrests, said the dis
patches. The prisons are filled to
overflowing and executions continue
daily.
In addition, irresponsible and venge
ful gangs are venting on innocent per
sons their desperation over the dally
declining power of the Bolsheviki.
while the socialists, who are opposing
thsoviet government, have adored
the same methods that they once used
against the tyranny of the imperial
government. I
All newspapers in Moscow except
the Bolsheviki organs have been sus
pended sine July 1, the dispatches
added. 1 ;
trot, met his first defeat of the sea
son. He was not up to his speed and
Koyal Mac won a straight heat vic
tory. Bin land could get no better
than third money. Hinland sold for
MOO to the fields $150 early in the,
betting. The fastest heat was run in
2:09 1-4.
Directum J., who has not been de
feated since the second North Ran
dall Grand Circuit meeting, took his
beating in the "King Steak", purse
$3,000. for 2.04 pacers. Adloo Guy,
a 20 to 1 shot, from the half-mile
tracks, won the last three heats. Hal
Hoy took the first and Directum J. Tifce
third. The finish In the third heat
was a thriller, the first four horses
doing a blanket finish. The best time
was 2:03.
The 2:11 trot went to Tommy Todd
in ptraieht heats. Slss BIng and Daisy
Todd did the battling for second
moncv. The fastest time marked up
was 2:104. The Horse Review Fu
turf'v for 2 year old trotters was won
by Princess Etewah, the favorite. Vet
i scope breaking in both heats, going
at a 2:13; clip.
25 DIE AND 60
HURT IN WRECK
PAEANS FROM ALL
' PRAISE U. S. ANSWER
. (Continued from Pae Ona)
Kcview lnyed Wire
IGNif 'N. S'M. 17. A British air
man, weile flying at a height of 1,600
ltet, h;id the tail of his machine shot
oif by a direct hit from a shell. The
machine turned upside down and the
pilot was thrown from his seat, but
-imt hour vi:! prove most suitable for
the afternoon classes.
The bigger and better mining course
promised for this year will be arrang
ed later and the best posted minim;
experts of the camp are going to sa
il e niar-as"! to riamotr on to tac Dot-jsT.,. in this work which has proved
torn nf ih f.isilage, on which he re- of grcat vaiue both to the men as
mained astride. weu as lo tne companies. Many men
Although the machine was out of, have been assisted toward promotion
control in: managed by moving for-: hroush this course and a record at
v.ard and rackward to balance li and j tendance is assured when this course
;-lia ! teaciily downward. Under a ; starts at the Y. M. C. A.
Htxoi'g ar.ii aircrait fire he crossed tho j The following program of recitation
German lines successfully a few hun-lperj0d8 will be used as a working
f rri feet from ti e ground. His ma-! DasjB untii conflicts i,, studio rn
chine canje down with a crash
he received ' some injuries, btt
recover. . .
an'l
will
i.o adjured:
REVIEW VANT ADS FOR RESULTS.
MONDAY.
6:P,0 to 7: '0 Beginners Spanish,
chemistry, English for foreigners, ad
anced English, general arithmetic.
7:30 to 8.10 Beginners Spanish.
English for foreigners, typewriting,
telegraphy, business arithmetic, art.
8:10 to 9 Physics, shorthand, Eng
lish for foreigners, telegraphy, alge
bra, basketry
TUESDAY.
6:30 to 7:20 Advanced Spanish , ad
vanced French, bookkeeping, shore
hand, stcnotyping.
7:20 to 8:10 Beginners French, be
ginners Spanish, bookkeeping, type
writing, mechanical drawing, domestic
science.
8:10 to 9 Bookkeeping, advanced
accounting, assaying, mechanical draw
ing, domestic science.
TKe bookkeeping class is one con
tinuous class for three periods and
domestic science and mechanical
drawing covers two periods, so as to
give the students tho proper timo to
grasp the subjects.
WEDNESDAY.
6:30 to 7:20 Chemistry, radii buz
zer, ccneral arithmetic, spelling and
penmanship, lathe and machine shop.
English for foreigners.
7:20 to 8:10 Business arithmetic,
spelling and penmanship, radio biu
rer. typewriting, art, English for for
"icrers.. g;l0 to 9 Physics, auto re
pairing, shorthand, algebra, English
for foreigners, basketry.
The radio buzzer and auto repairing
are continuous classes for two peri
ods. THURSDAY.
:3" to 7 -?o Advanced French, ad
vanced English, shorthand, bookkeep
met preliminary to any such discus
sion, rnese are tnai ine cenirai pow
ers must withdraw completely from
ail occupied territory in France ana
Belgium, Italy. Russia and Serbia. The
Germans must drop the BUbterluge
of the Brest-Litovsk treaty made by
Germany with Russian agents hired to
betray their country. They must loos
en their held upon the wheat fields
of Ukrainia and the oil wells of Ser
bia and Russia, and all of this must
be done before America would consent
to talk peace, even upon the basis of
the president's stipulations.
Attention-rwas called to the fact
that in his"; 'reply Secretary Lansing
referred to the terms upon which the
United States would consider peace
as having been stated repeatedly.
That meant not only that the four
propositions laid down by President
Wilson in his Fourth of July speech
at Mount Vernon must be considered
but that they must be considered in
connection ' with other declaratioi.s
from the same source. - It was par
ticularly Intended. It was explained.
i that there should be held in mind the
fourteen propositions stated by the
president iu his address to congress
January 8 last. Whereas the Fourth
of July speech stated simply broad
general principles that should govern
any peace discussion, the address to
congress laid down details of the po
sition and thcrefaro should be the
governing utterance.
Accordingly beforcthe central pow
ers can have any peace discussions
with the entente powers and America
they must accept the principles cf no
6ecret treaties; freedom of the seas
except to support predatory nations
that fail to respect international
covenants, the removal of all trade
barriers, reduction of armaments; ad
(Continued from Pa Ona)
on collision between a troop train and
a Ft. Louis & San Francisco freight
t'?'- "ne tn'e east of Marshfveld. Mo.,
tonight .
The injured were carried Into a rear
coach of the troop train, where they
were given first aid until the arrival
of a relief train from Springfield.
pi.ini was Immediately thrown
around the train and no one was al
lowed to approach the wreck. No In
formation as to where the troops were
frrm or a to their dRstination was
Available, hut It-is believed thy aro
from a southern training camp, prob
ably Texas. The dead and Injured
.are. being biociht to Springfield on
!io reliff train, which is expected
to at rive here at 12:30 o'clock.
DEPARTMENT
The
Importance of
Being
Well
Dressed
to
It ia a woman's duty lo her famjly and friends to look
her best, but a greater duty to herself.
The first requisite of the well-groomed woman is the
CORSET, the foundation on which the gown is draped.
Our new corsets are here in all the best and popular
models. We have a large assortment in all sizes. Come
in and let us show you our splendid lines, there is a
model here for every figure and an assurance of satis
faction to all.
SEE OUR WINDOW. DISPLAY. ALL THE NEW
MODELS ARE ON EXHIBITION
(By the Associated Press.) Enemy
aerial activity has shown a decided
slowing up In the last twenty-four,
hours, partly because of the aggres-'
siveness of American fliers and partly
because all airdromes behind the Ger-t
man lines have been greatly damaged '
in the persistent bombardment they j
have undergone.
Allied co-operation in bombing ope
rations has been a notable contribu
tion to the successes of the offensive.
French patrols yesterday engaged in
eleven combats, brlntrine ilnun nne
I plane and four observation balloons. '
The American pursuit group had six '
com Dais, sending down tnree planes
MONTENEGRINS URGE
JUGO-SLAV UNION
TO SOLVE PROBLEM
Orders misunderstood
SFRINGKIELD, Mo.. Sept. 17. It
was stated -here tonight that the en-j Reconnaissance machines took photo-
ine. RlenotvDinc.
7"fl to 8:10 Reclnners French, justment of colonial claims with refer-
clncer of the troop train was killed
and the fireman badly injured. No
statement is made regarding the en
;ineman of the freight.
The wreck occurred a short distance
out cf town in fairly open country,
the point' of collision being on a ten
lo.it hill. It is thought a misunder
sta iding of orders was the cause of
th' wreck.
The trains collided head en. the en
iine cf the troop train being badly
damaged. The baggage car of tne
trooo train was entirely demolished,
and the first passenger car was
thrown forward until one end rested
on the tender of the engine.
It was from the wreck of thW rai
that the bodies were taken.
i INTERESTING PAMPHLET RE
I CEIVED HERE CONTAINS OUT
LINE OF POLICIES OF PEOPLES
CLAIMING INDEPENDENCE
FROM AUSTRIAN DOMINATION
Bisbee Montenegrins have received
graphs and directed arUHery fire.
Bombing planes dropped more than
eleven tons of bombs on Longuyon,
llnmmArv nnn rtamnipniirt on.l um 1. . .
."T "";.; M "j Aw ;"llruln lne .Montenegrin committee for
iuub im quintans auu auuuii. vut;v j
era reported tne damage at Conflans
YANK FORCES AT
GRIPS WITH HUN
ALL ALONG LINE!
(Continued from Pt Ona)
was especially heavy. All enemy cen
ters in this section have been serious
ly damaged ia the past few days.
CONNALLY IN ARMY.
(Uy Heview Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. Sept. 17 Repre
sentative Tom Connally of Texas has
been commissioned a captain in the
army and ordered to report at Camp
Meade, Sept. 26. He served with -Texas
regiment in the Spanish-American
war.
WHY PUTTER WITH
beginners Spanish, bookkeeping, type
writing, telegraphy, mechanical draw-inr.
8.10 to
cccunfing
drwlnc.
- Mechanical drawing and telegraphy
are continr'jus classes for two nero
ids. FRIDAY.
ence to the. wlhes of the governed
pr.pulationr-tvacj.'ition of Russian ter-
9 Bookkeeping, advanced
teleggraphy, nifchanlcal
' ritory and abandonment of economic
control theicin; independence of Bel
gium with Indemnification; restora
tion nf Alsace-Lorraine; readjust
ment of Italy's lrontiers; autonomous
government 'for the different nation
alities of Austria-Hungary; evacua
tion r. Rumania. Serbia and Montene-
I i
Kiiiousiiess is a common form of indigestion. ' It
:i 1 rouht cn by food-waste which the stomach, intes
:;:.cc ai-.d howels fail to expel. If you will take a few
!c-,cs cf Beecham's'Pills, when bilious, you will soon
r.J younclf of the impurities, relieve sick headache,
srimu'ate the liver and bile and tone the stomach.
1 kalihy conditions are quickly re-established by using
S PILLS
Diractiuns of Special Value to Women ra with Every Bos.
ty bruggUu throughout the world. In boxes, 10c, 25c
6-30 to 7:20 Advanced Snanish. 1 EJo; relinquishment of 'Turkish cun-
English for foreigners, spel'ing and I trol or non-Turkish populations; an In.
""manship, radio buzzer, auto repair- J dependent Tolish state and finally, a
ing. j league of nations to guarantee politi-
7:20 to 8:10 Beginners Spanish,1 cal independence and territorial inde
English for foreigners, spelling and i pendence and territorial integrity to
penmanship, radio buzzer, lathe and ; great and small states alike.
shop, art an.1 domestic bci-
n'hine
ence.
8:10 to 9 Ei'gllsh for foreigners.';
r. jiti-r nrt machine shop, allaying, 1
drmo-itic science. I
The lathe and machine-shop work,!
nJI I.,..--. I J I- t I
nun, aim iiunitfsn' F. 'cni 'I j
dunes will be continuous for two pe-1
riods. frourTo:.
If trrse studvlne tVitli i-1-t- stVv ' I ' . '.X- pyi.
-"fl n'nvMP.i rtc-irn if vr j,p nrs-,lh'o ' Com . chief ob.;prvcr cf tho secind
to arraucn fo that the fir Tt H iss will ' ',"t'vii;i' n'.l f in'', ard Second Lieut.
l- 7 minutes and the se-ond tho j EUwar 1 ('. favidson of Elizabeth. N.
same time. i J , llilif ( .)iii:ra;idi r 19'Hh aero sijuad-
AH-l jtuuia Information )tl r-n, wt-r ,iyri toil:iy at Klngsville.
out from time to time by Trof I'hlll- ' v'""- when tl'.cir mm-hlne went into
k and Prof Bowing -wid tho.e not a tail iin and crashed to Ihe ground.
TWO OFFICERS DIE
WHEN PLANE FALLS
Tixns. S-pt. 17. Fir :t
Ciillette of Hartford.
to the Mont Plalsir farm. To the east
of the Moselle there has been some
skirmishing but it waa of little conse
quence. The allied outposts are grad
ually pushing towards that region.
GALLANT STAFF OFFICER
WIT HTHE AMERICAN ARMY IN
LORRAINE, Sept. 16. Monday. (By
the Associated Press.) The fighting
yesterday was featured by the gallr.nt
action of an American staff officer. I
When he saw there was danger of!
part of his advancing forces being be-j
Ing outflannea Dy uerman niacnine
gunners, he personally led his men in
a charge against the guns. He cap
tured one gun himself and his men
took the others. The otficer was
wounded, probably mortally.
The officer's troops belonged to the
division operating on the eastern w-lng
of the American offensive sector.
They had taken the village of Norroy
and were pressing onward in face of
opposition from machine gun nests.
The irregular advance suddenly ex
posed one unit to a flanking fire and
the officer forgot that he, as a staff
officer, was supposed to stay away
from the fighting and rushed in. It
Is understood that he has been recom
mended for recoguitlDn of his bravery.
national unity. New York, a highly in
teresting pamphlet issued by the so
ciety and containing the outline of
the Jugo-Slav policies. Active com
mittees have been organized in everv
ipart of the country where there is a
Montenegrin population and a ' con
jcerted movement is under wav k'ivt-re-
i V . . . i. . . . - - '
me representatives ot that, coun
try in America may extend aut and
moral support to their people aT kbme
and to the general Jugc-Slav cjuse.
The memorandum says in part
"Montenegro ha8 always lei?tho
cradle of Serbian liberty and the flag
nfurled for liberation and unmca
tion has never ceased to fly since the
downfall of cur empire at Kos.-ovo.
until the fateful dav cf December r.l
CORNS? USE "GETS-IT" P' - A s
1 i w wi- vteiw ii ; preme commander of the Montenegrin
lae Austrian emperor for
Co5jrnon-Sene, Simple, Never Fails
Tou can tear out your corns and suf
fer, or you can peel off your corns and
smile. The Joy-peeling way is the
"Gets-It" way. It Is the only happy
painless way in the world. Two drops
lo 3 r... L J , U 1 ...
" iuc-icujr coumuueu a crime
against Serfcdom and its allies, a be
trayal unpiecdented in the history
of the Jugj-Slavs. .
"We demand most energetk-ally
the unconditional union of Montene
gro with Serbia and the other Ser
bian. Create and Slovene prov.ncrs
into one individual, democratic s'ate
and are ready to make with out he
roic brothers !n race and our allies
every sacrifice for the realization of
this idei.'"
FALL TO GROUND.
USE WOMEN-CHILDREN
' Ct. I Ola Drop" oa Tbal Cerm Um "Gate-k"
and tho Corn Is "Conor"!
of "Gets It" on any corn or callus drle
at once. The corn finally loosens eft
from the toe. to that you can peel it
off with your fingers in one piece,
painlessly, like peeling banana.
"Great stuff, wish I'd done that be
fore." There's only one con-poelcr
1 . r - 1-
; i-ieuifnant iKividson of Elizabeth. N
:j . and Li -t- nant Gillette of lUrt
. ' ' " a. w;-e kill.'u h.-re icdjv
;v..tn the r::p a:ie in which tliev wire
;!!;...: w. .j :;.t;) a nose dlve aQi,
:trashr. n ground from a hei-t
cf seven! hundred feet. The men
, wee n:c ;:b r.. of an airmail,' squad
r" ,p"'!v tariiv attached to Fi-k
V? Vit'.i here.
WITH THE AMERICAN ARMY ON j "Gets-It." Tees wrapped up big with
THE LORRAINE FRONT. Monday, tape and bandages, toes squi.maig
Sept. 16. (Ry the Associated Prei;s.) j from irritating salvos. It's all a bar-I
une hunareu eignt uerman lniamry
bHltalloni, equivalent to t'"nty di
visions, havo been disbanded, it Is
fullv understanding the p'aiw :s .-ii!-.
lined should consult with Trof. Howies
l-t o-'i-p no fin will be lost in
j -.-M-.n rlasa work.
, Nationality Is no bar to thP Hi V
Ut'-illei and tho: e of for-!';n bh tii and
jlci: :.e(s ar; tprd:a!'. Iu' - ited to
enter
Ml MERtCAN CAPTIVES.
WAh )ti: !VN. Sf;.i. 17. Name ot
1M r.i iiileii of the Amerliaii Kxi9
dltloni l-'i-ic. .'!. Including live offi
ce: ' c d pt isincr in G'-roany. were
a:vu vsrc.d tti;a' by the wr depart-U.eut.
Inarned, in order to fill the gap made
by tho last year'a fighting. Women
and boys are being called to the auxil
iary nervlte to replace men. Five
thousand women have already been
niohiliied t r this purpose and boys
of 14 are being utilized. .
Captured otflc ers say that (ieiniany
barlty. Toes wounded by razors and
knives, that's butchery, ridiculous, un
necessary, dangerous. I'se "Gcts-lf,
tho liberty way simple, painless, al
way, sure.. Take no chances. Get
"Gets-It." Don't be insulted by imi- j
tatious. See that you get "Gets-It." i
"Gets It." the guaranteed, money- I
back i-ornremover. the only sure l
ay, csts but a trifle at any drug j
store. M'fg by E. Lawrence & Co.. I
Is very tired of thi war an 1 no lunger (Chicago. 111. I
holds hopes to do more Iban keep SJd in Risbee and recommended as
li.it Is its own. (the world's le;-t corn remedy by
' Phelps Dodge Mercantile company.'
SLOW ENEMY FLIERS Central Phaimacv j
WITH THE AMERICAN ARMV ON" I
THE LOR RAIN U FUONT, Sept. 17. REVIEW WANT AOS FOR RESULTS j
Slits)
everything n
corn food cuht
to ty.i
end sves
the wheat
says
V ... .. - --r.w THE EISBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 18, 1918.
THREE
The Spirit of Out Boys
9
W Let's Make 1 1 Our Own!
TMTO RALE will win the war. Morale that spirit that makes men
I Ji sing as they go, grin at pain, meet every duty cheerfully, and
fight like heroes.
Whether it's driving a truck, tending the old goulash wagon, or
fighting hand to hand in blood and mud, bur boys meet it with
-American morale---the thing that will win the war.
No task too1 small, no sacrifice too great that is the spirit
of our boys---make it your own. -
Sacrifice with a song in your heart, smile at discomfort, fight
' waste and extravagance as you would a Hun. Lend cheerfully.
; ; Morale will win the war.
m Liberty Bonds'to Your Utoosft
ik$ A ill Ml
fMmw.
I r flan i it w iirif rlni
' i 5!'"' , ' . 7. XTm. ' HH!(!tl'i'. Mi
I, , i mi l M
j' Bisbee Firms: TW 'i - i'
Citi
zens Bank &- Trust Co.
anl( of Bisbee.
liners i.lerclianis Bank.
F J TJ T:U:4. lU i n-; Which Opens Saturday,
neifj ink: vuiivu ljisuili kju vjuvi iuv i ufj7 ui ui LSiiuv September 28th. FOUR
THE BIS BEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 18, 1918.
tElfc Steins Dailif 2U?u??ui
PUBLISHED EVERY DAY EXCEPT 'MONDAY BY THE
STATE CONSOLIDATED PUBLISHING COMPANY.
CULLCN A. CAIN
Editor and General Manager
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
The Associated Press i exclusively entitled to the use
tor republication of all news dispatches credited to It or
kot otnervise credited to this paper and also the local
ews published herein.
a.11 rights of republication of special dispatches herein
re also reserved.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES, PAYABLE IN ADVANCE:
Per Month $ .75
Three Months
Six Months
Twelve Months
Sunday (0ur Weekly) per year
Sunday (Our Weekly) per auarter
No Subscription Taken for Less Than 75 Cent
2.25
4.00
7.50
2.50
.75
The Greatest Drive
Of the War
AN AMERICAN
Los Angeles Express: ''Then Joe speaks
in a. low voice o' the case o' a wounded
American lieutenant whose name he
doesn't mention. It seems that this young
ster was so badly shelled that it was neces
sary to amputate both legs one at the
knee an' the other almost up to the hip.
This remnant o a man held Joe's hand in
both his own an' clung to every mention o'
Los Angeles an' San Francisco. An' when
he's waikin' off through the darkened cor
ridor Joe hears the boy repeatin' to him
self, 'California, California.'
"Next day Jpe goes back fo' a second
visit. An orderly tosses him a package
from a ton o' mail an' asks him to give it
to the lieutenant what has had one leg "
blown off at the knee an' the other almost
to the hip.
"The wounded boy recognizes the hand
writin' an' says that the package 13 from his
wife. ' His hands tremble jus' a bit as he
clips the twine with Joe a-helpin him.
Then they lift off the cover an unroll a
sheet o' tissue paper. The wife had sent
him six pairs o' silk hose.
"That kid is game to the core o' his heart.
He locks down toward the spot where his
legs ought to be, then he raises his eyes to
That St. Mihiel affair was a brilliant
piece of strategy and prowess on the part
of the U. S. A., but with all it3 speed and
its success it pales beside the exploit of
President Wilson and Secretary Lansing in
cutting off the salient that the Central
Powers thrust out towards the allies in the
form of a peace proposal.
. Talk about counter attacks. Nothing in
the Great War can approach the speed,
smash, power and purpose of Wilson's re
ply to perfidous Austria. '
And in its consequences, in its far reach
ing effects and in its bearing upon the war
itself, this dazzling" diplomacy is the most
important event of ' the history of these
times. How that' quick, short, stern, un
compromising reply must have thrilled the
allied armies all along the line! How it
must have thrilled the people of the allied
nations ! What a blow to traitors and paci
fists and pifflers and propagandists!
Foch's gunfire the past eight weeks has
made Berlin tremble with apprehension,
but Wilson's word on the peace bait has
made Berlin shudder with despair.
The greatest thing about the reply was
not in its wording, fine and final as is its
text, but in its promptness. Every hour of
hesitation weakens a reply of this kind.
But here was no hesitation at all. It came
back at the plotters and pirates and per
jurers like a bayonet and tank attack at
dawn. No artillery $rrepar$tjaiv-iiere. Just
a sudden lunge in an early morning light
as cold and as gray and as raw as the steel
of a sabre bayonet carried forward by the
tempest of a nation's wrath.
Mark it well! The speed and spirit of
this allied reply to German-Austrian lure
was worth a great victory on the bahle
field. It will prove to be a harder blow at
Teutonic morale than St. Mihiel.
The boche has broken the camel's back
with a million pounds of last straws of
ruthlessness, perfidy and dishonor and for
him there is no peace short of disaster or
surrender. He has himself barred the ne
gotiation route for ever. Brest-Litovsk
haunts him still. Belgium's blood cries from
the ground. He cannot hide those writh
ing shapes of Serbia and Rumania. The
rattling of skeleton bones in his closet
sounds louder than the thunder of all his
guns. The allied civil front stands shoul
der to shoulder with the allied military front
and not until the portals of the Branden
burg gates have been reached will fair faced
gentle Peace lift her shamed head and
streaming eyes to greet the glory of a real
dawn.
Joe an' says, 'Well, that's one on the li'l
girl, ain't it?'
"That's all, son, except that I thank God
that I am American born."
Some people, reverting back to the de
cision in the Hunt-Campbell contest case,
seem to think that the state supreme court
will sustain Colter in any event. But this
is by no means a foregone conclusion.
Passing on an election contest is often a
doubtful and puzzling problem. There are
many sides to it and many angles to con
sider. But passing on a plain and powerful
article of law is a different matter. The in
tent of the section barring Colter is too
plain. Colter's disqualification under this
section cannot be questioned or disputed.
There is no loophole in the law or the evi
dence and there is no chance to quibble. In
the language of the southwest it is a dead
open and shut proposition. No one who
knows Colter expects him to step down and
out. His party success or failure will not
weigh with him. But party leaders and
managers will have to bear the responsibil
ity for party failure in the event they do
not force him to give way. Not even Colter
will be allowed to violate that "God given
instrument," the Arizona constitution,
which he himself helped to fashion and to
finish. Verily, the tribulations and trials
of a politician are not few, but rather they
are as the sands on the seashore.
A reader of the Review and a miner of
the Warren district writes to the editor to
take exception to the Sunday editorial in
this paper urging more industry and co
operation and less politics and partisanship.
This subscriber declares that the triumph of
the Hunt machine in the recent democratic
primary was the result of the bitter ar d
partisan attacks of the most honorable gov
ernor's enemies. This subscriber was cour
ageous enough to sign his name to his let
ter. What a pity that he is not also fair
enough to admit that his idol, the most
honorable Governor Hunt, is the most bit
ter the most partisan and the most narrow
v figure in all Arizona politics. This column
wrote that Sunday editorial in per
fect good faith. It is sorry to note
than any subscriber should view it from
the bitter angle of. the writer referred to
above. Surely the working man! especially
the property owner, and hi5 family suffer
as much from a feud that distracts a com
munity and hampers its growth and blocks
its prosperity as does an employer or a
newspaper man. This column still holdj
that it is less of a crime to be anti-Hunt
than it is .to be anti-Bisbee, and therein
lay both the motive and the purpose of that
Sunday editorial. '
If a strong and heavily armed man came
to your house and killed your children and
stole your furniture and wrecked your
house and destroyed your yard and griev
ously wounded you and committed numer
ous other depredations too horrible to men
tion, and all unprovoked on your part, and
then when you rallied and began to get the
better of him in a fight, he .should say,
"Let's quit; I will go away now and take
my plunder with me; forget it, and let's be
friends again," what would you do? That
is exactly what Germany wants now when
she whines for peace under the allied blows.
No bully since the world was made ever was
game and clean strain. He wilts quickly
under punishment. No cruel man was ever
truly brave. It takes a great and high spirit
to carry the body and hold to the purpose
under adversity. France has done it, and
so has England and Belgium and Serbia.
But the Frussian is of a different stripe and
kidney.
You have often heard the expression
about a man signing his own death war
rant. The case of Colter's disqualification
by law from running for governor this year
is one of the strongest cases in point that
has ever come under the direct observation
of this column. Colter, it will be remem
bered, was a member of the state consti
tutional convention that adopted article iv
of the constitution that now bars him from
the office of his ambition.
Funny thing about the defeat of Judge
Franklin of the supreme court for renomi
nation. That court decision unseating
Campbell did it. A lot; of plain, simple
plug voters still think that Campbell was ,
elected governor in 1916. And et the
Hunt machine that nominated Colter was
the chief gainer by Franklin's decision. But
politicians as well as republics are often un
grateful, and the Hunt machine concen
trated on Colter and left Franklin to shift
for himself.
POLITICAL NEWS
AS SEEN IN THE
STATE CAPITOL
CONSIDERABLE "STIR CAUSED BY
THE COLTER SITU ATION OP
POSITION IS STRONG AGAINST
LADD N VARIOUS QUARTERS
OF POLITICAL FIRMAMENT
PHOENIX. Ariz., Sept. 17 A terri
ble ten-pest has been stirred up by the
disclosure that Fred T. Calter is in
eligible for the office of governor by
reason of his having voted to increase
the salary of that office while a state
senator.
Although requested In an open let
ter by George Stoneinan, chairman of
the democratic state committee, to
call a meeting to consider the situa
tion and perhaps; fill the "vacaaeyV
for Colter's enemies in the party con
tend that there is a vacancy the
Apache senator and his sponsnr, Gov
ernor Hunt, are standing pat. Colter
will refuse to withdraw, but will
probably stand on the contention that
the law increasing the governor's sal
ary is unconstitutional and is there
fore no law at all. Under such a can-
struction Colter would not be disquali
fied.
The danger to the Hunt machine
lies in the possibility that, should Col
ter withdraw, It might not be ablo to
pick as strong a Hunt man. Of course
there remains the possibility that Os
bom will refuse to put Colter' name
on the baliot, ond everybody Is won
dering what tack he is going to take.
If an opinion of Wiley Jones is needed
by the machine It will be forthcoming,
but Osborn never did pay much atten
tion to Jones. There wlil be an awful
mess if the case ever gets into the
courts. Judge Franklin is feeling
none too good over his defeat. If the
matter gets tied up in the courts,
there is no telling where the party
will land.
Franklin's Defeat ''
One of the surprises of the primary
was the defeat tf Alfred Franklin for
renoniinaticn as judge of the supreme
court by A. C. Baker. It is generally
recsgnized that the Hunt-Campbell de
cision was responsible for this and
that it is a protest by the people
against the action of the court in
setting aside the verdict at the polls.
It has been generally believed thai
Franklin would be renominated as the
Hunt machine was behind him. but it
Dow develops that the machine cen
tered its forces on Colter and that
Franklin had to shift for himself in a
large measure. .
Will Ladd Lead?
Calter's supporters say that Leroy
A. Ladd, chairman of the commission
of state institutions and former secre
tary to Hunt, is the logical man on
the Colter side' for chairman of the.
state committer. Of course George
Stoneman will be promptly ditched.
He has thrown a wrench in the Hunt
machine at every -opportunity. There
is a bitter fight on Ladd, however, ana
it has gone so far that some of Col
ter's supporters tried to pledge the
nominee not to reappoint Ladd if he is
elected, or give him any job whatever.
Iulicrd W'insor will be a factor in the
picking of a state chairman. While
this is generally considered a preroga
tive of the nominee for governor, a lot
of conciliating will have to be done,
and Colter is not very good 4. iron
ing out the wrinkles. It will be up to
Hunt to turn' the trick and put over
Ladd.
Party Organization
County committees will meet next
Monday to perfect their organiaztions
and elect county chairmen and mem
bers of the state committee. The
state party councils will meet at
Phoenix cn the 30th to elect a state
chairman and promulgate party plat
forms. It is regarded as probable that
Judge Albert M. Sames of Douglas,
present republican state chairman,
will be continued, although he was re
luctant to accept that office la6t July,
"when he was selected to succeed Tom
Maddock. The candidates will have
hix weeks to stump the state. Tom
Campbell will make the trip in his
automobile, as he did in 191ti, and en
deavor to visit every section of Ari
zona. The itinerary will be announced
following the party council. Lieuten
ant Maddock, republican nominee for
congress, is in France, and his cam
paign will have to be conducted by his
friends, but some splendid speakers
will tell the people of Arizona why
they should send Lieutenant Maddock
to congress to succeed Major Carl
Hayden.
. Tom Maddock Old Resident
Splendid posters of Lieutenant Tom
Maddock are being put up all over the)
state. Lieutenant Maddock has been'
a resident of Arizona for twenty
years. He started as a call boy on
the Santa Fe, and rose to be assistant
construction engineer tor that rail
road. He made a success as a con
tractor. As a member of the legisla
ture, he was an able representative
of Coconino county. He conducted the
Campbell campaign in IHltf and won a
victory when many people thought
that Campbell did not have a chance.
CameU Are Here
The" camel button, evcryhere prom-1
inent in the 1M6 campaign, is begin-1
ning to appear again this year, and'
thousands of Arizona men are already
TnW7rV7a?l'illll!lllllllllllllll!ll!!):-,. ?: ' ' Za'
American soldiers In France going to ball fame.
The government turned down
)fTc.s of the baseball magnates to
;enJ the qhampionship major
batic clubs or two all-star teams
to France. Secretary Baker, in
itclir.inK the offer, said that the
.Ilit;r were mora interested is
their own games contests be
tween division teams of soldiers-
than they would be in frames be
tween meu, many of them of draft
age, who were playing baseball as
a business when they should be
helping to win the war.
That thM '-n-n mx intnrnr---
in their own teams is shown by the
above picture. All members of the
First engineors of the First di
vision recently turned out for one
of the games. The picture shows
some of the men leaving th auto
trucks which hauled them to the
CHAPIN APPEARS AND
SURRENDERS TO NEW
YORK POLICEMEN
CITY EDITOR OF THE WORLD,
CLAIMS HIS MIND HAS BEEN j
WANDERING AND HE DOES NOT j
REMEMBER HIS ACTIONS; HAD
i
PLANNED SUICIDE
Crttd'cr announced tonieht, nd un-
def'tib regulations each registrant is
I given seven days to fill out and re
i turn the documents,
i ''t Is however the earnest h'pe of
this" office that the registrants will
ot rerpiire as r.n'ch tine as thi3,"
Cen.ral Crowder said, "and that every
effort will be made to turn the ques
tionnaires In, properly answered, as
promptly as possible. I'nder the max
imum time allowed local boards In
mailing out the-forms, and registrants
, In filling them ojt and returning them, I
1 the questionnaires for the entire age
prcup should be back in the hands of
leal boards whin three weeks from
tomorrow." , i
! Approximately O.OOO.noo men are in
the 19 and 36 year classes, to whom
ii'y K-view Leasrd Wire) ! nuoTt'ciiniires go. it was said. There'
NEW YORK. Sept. 17 Charles E. arP. aiso SOnie 40.000 additional men.'
Chapin. city editor of the Nev; York , between 1'1 and 31 years of age. who
Evening World, whose wife was found , cre aided to the draft rolls Thursday !
iiot dead in htr room in a hotel here i Ci,,i c.en a'so will be classified. ' 'evidence
e.-tt;uay, surrendered to tne ponce The date for the drawing that will
today. I in a measure determines the order of
Declaring that his mind had been .m, men into service wl.l be
andci-ing, Chapin told the police he i anr.our.ced soon,
had been unable for several days to !
recall his own name. Heading in the
OPENING NIGHT SHOWS
GREAT INTEREST IN
ALL HIGH-YCOURSES
SPANISH WITH 77 SCHOLARS
LEADS ALL OTHERS WITH NU
MEROUS STUDIES AND CRAFTS
ON LIST OF COURSES APPLIED
FOR FIRST NIGHT
morning papers accounts of his wife's
death and his disappearance, the edi
tor asserted, prompted him to report
AUSTRIAN OFFICIAL.
No more successful opening could
have becu desired by those fathering
the new Hi-Y courses, than was in
Monday evening when the
young people of the district and many
of tiicir elders who wished to repair
faults ia their early education, as
sembled at the high school building
and enrolled.
The initial enrollment shows:
(P.y Review Leased wire) I for Spanish. 77; advanced Spanish.
l-U-VVA .-In t nn.Lvn 1 " T , 1- 1 I . 1 1 , , . . 1 ..
to. the authorities t n ipiii said ne naa ..rc. wee3 the Brenu and Vonte Sol-, English. 26 (Ross): stenocranhv. 27:
says the official statement is- lathe and machine shop. 23; mechani-
heen driven to desperation by the de
mands ol his creditors.
H-ld without bail, Chapin wa. taken
tonight to the Tombs prison. The case
may be presented to the grand jury
tomorrow.
According to Assistant District At
torney McUee, Chapin told him that
not only had he intended to commit
suicide in Washington four years ago,,
but that he had intended to kill hu
wife there, had bought a plot in a
cemetery and had selected a nionu-!
mer.t to be placed over their graves.
Mr. McGee stated that Ciiapin also
arolo.
sued by
Italians early yesterday morning open
ed an ittt'ek. Storming columns were
driven back in the Brenta valley and
before capriie. On Monte Asolone
t'rtey wtre unable to leave their
trenches owing to the effect of our
battel it.
'On Monte Pertlca. Solarolo and
Tafsnn Ridi;e bitter lighting develop- j
cd; the tre.ny beir.g forced to retreat !
everywhere." ;
said he had gone to Maine last June,
to commit suicide, but had decided it(
was uniair to leave rjenina iiim nis i
wifa
Mr. McGee said that Chapin confess
ed finally shooting his wife here at
7 o'clock yesterday. According to'
Chapin", she lived for half an hour, but
never regained consciousness. A tew
minutes after her death, he received
tiewsimp'-rs from the bell boy and later
lett the hotel. j
After describing Chapin's move-;
:.;c::ts yeslerday. Mr. McGee said the:
editor, on reading today the accounts
ol the murder, ueciJed that, instead'
cf committing suicide, "the on'y lion-j
Diablo thing to do" was to surrender'
h'n; ;elf. A request which he made
totiitit to attend his wiies' (uneral
tomorrow has been refused.
Mr. McGee said that Chapii!, a rela-:
tive of Russell Sae, had told him
his lift rtvry, relating how he had :
frundeel a small pap r in the west;
?hen he was a ln.y anj nad rien to!
bo i ity editor of a N ;v' York dally. I
the war office tonight, "the cal drawing. 13 (Shirck); shorthand.
26; typewriting. 56; art. 7; basket. 2;
French. 14; blacksmith. 2; accounting
and common law, a good class assur
ed; telegraphy, 17; chemistry, 19;
physics. S; auto repairing. 8: geology,
3; assaying. 20; domestic science. Z;
arithmetic. 13; Algebra. 5; spelling.
9; buzzer work. 7; stenotyping. 5; ad
vanced English. 5.
Let all those whose cla.-ses number
less than twelve get a move on theru-
; selves, and bring that number up.
REVIEW WANT ADS ; Dhsbee Is going out for a record in
BRING RESULTS i Hi-Y regular.
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
AiND HIGH CLASS CAfE
I t.e besi'oi every thins at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 60c luncheon daily. Also $ 1 .00 dinner from
'b :.ob7: ZO p. m. Regvlar Board by the month, $45.00
Henry Poppen, Manager.
L. J. OVERLOOK, BROKER
Correspondents: Paine, Weber A Co., Boston, Duluth, Calumet.
LOGAN A BRYAN, NEW YORK AND CHICAGO
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPFER STOCK
CHOWDER TELLS DRAFT
BOARDS TO SEND OUT
QUESTIONNAIRES HOW
LOCAL BOARDS INSTRUCTED TO
ISSUE THEM AT ONCE AT RATE
OF 10 PER CENT PER DAY; REG-;
I3TRANTS HAVE ONE WEEK
FOR THEIR RETURN j
(Ty KvIpw L.rnstd Wire) !
WAS HiNtlTKN. Sept. 17. The lo-1
c;'l :i i : t Ixv.u'i have been ordered by;
Vrovost .Marshal Crowder to hii;in
. i-niii U i ni niu k'lii.nnuii'f ffi a!l of
wearing the buttons, and thousands of , " hrly..,,, ,., Hlul ?c years of
women ar wearing the pins. 1hel.u.(, in,.11;.i,,., tta restored hist
demand has been so great that it has .. (;.. rv,., ,,, lri.ish and (.'ami-
been impossible to meet it. but an ad- (lj , s.lf;j',.,,. have thirty day
ditional supply Is on the way. and j () ,,Ilt,.r ol u n t :i r il v the Itritish and
there will be a camel for every loyal J ,ti:a'ii.in armies
supporter f the. n publican nominee j ' j,n per' eent .'if the. q-icstioimairt s
for gjvernor. .,rp l(( hr m;,,i,'d by each board' e.u-h
Fight for Control , iV ,,; !tl(, r,:!jr,. priip has been
Anti-Hunt democrats are making a ; s,.lt , Tovost Marshal Ceuir.tl
lug fight for the control of the demo-, . . .
eratlc party council whii h meets nevtjef the state committee are chosen by
Monday in the hope that I hey may be; the enmity committee. Colter and his
a!ilt to icitiie u enniliihitc tor irnvernjr Kitoiwer Cnvernnr Hunt, have tletin
I in place of Colter but there seems toiitely announced that they HI Mand
i be little likelihood th.it this movement put ami it it becomes necessary to call
( ill iiui't with success as the llnntla special si ssion of the legislature to
; forces tool steps in uio: t counties to ; icpt.j'. !b3 salary i::i ii ase and thus
(hat county ciiumittces favorable , ni.il.e Colter eligible. Hunt ia it.iny to j
'to Hunt were selected. The member go through.
Notice!
liini i m i l
Willett Clark, from the Douglas Music Co., will bfc
in Bisbee Monday, 15th. If your piano needs tuning,
voicing, regulating or rebuilding, this is your opportun
ity to get the highest class' work obtainable. Either
phone or see me at the Copper Queen Hotel not later
than Tuesday evening for date to look your piano over.
No charge for that.
A TENSE MOMENT
The first telephone message is be
ing sent. . The words are worthy of
note. : y:;WYr;w'ffvM9P
the groupVabouVfirve rpfcake He
bends - forward," lifts the receiver' to
his lips and vibrates the wire, with
"Put An ad forbperators iri! the Re
v'cw Classified Columns!" THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 18, 1918.
FIVE
RACK
BOMBS PLACED
0(1 R. R. T
ATJENSON
Believe Attempt Made to
Blow Up Troop Train by
Infernal Machines; Timely
Discovery
What was undoubtedly an attempt
to bomb a troop train passing through
Benson was frustrated last Friday
when the bombs were discovered and
the track cleared before a train had a
chance to pass over them. According
to reports, which had reached the
sheriff's office and kept quiet to alloy
a chance for the officers to work on
the case Section Foreman Henry
Fisher was leaving the yards at Ben
son on'tois gasoline speedster when he
ran over what be thought was an ordi
nary can which caused his machine
to leave the track. He immediately in
vestigated, and was amazed to find
that he had run over a powerful nitro
glycerine bomb, cleverly camouflaged
in an old molasses can and well pre
pared. The speedster had not been
heavy enough to cause the machine to
explode, and he Immediately retraced
his direction and reported the matter
to Deputy Sheriff Bennett of Benson,
who notified the sheriffs office and
continued a Starch of the vicinity. He
was rewarded by finding two more of
the infernal machines, one made up
in an old milk can and the other in a
tobacco can.
The matter was also reported to
railroad headquarters at Tucson and
an expert sent down to investigate,
and when opened one of the bombs
proved to be loaded with enough ni
troglycerine to blow an entire train to
pieces. They were taken by the fed
eral officfers, which has the case in
Jiand, and a thorough investigation
under way. The only possible deduc
tion that can be drawn from the case
1b that whoever planted the bomb had
either planned to blow up a troop
train, since such trains pass through
Benson almost every day, or either to
blow up a passenger train loaded with
passengers, Benson being on the main
line. What makes it appear stronger
that the would-be assassins no doubt
German agents, had planned on de
stroying a troop train is the fact that
almost always the troop trains are
sidetracked at this point to await the
clearance of the main line, and it Is
believed to have been done by some
one who alighted long enough from a
main line train to plant the innocent
looking bombs and continue his jour
ney, hence It in almost imnossihlfl In
discover a clue.
ANOTHER BLOW
AGAINST HUNS
NOW EXPECTED
1
PRESIDENT VISITS FRONT.
WITH THE FRENCH ARMY IN
FRANCE, Saturday, Sept. 17. (Night,
By The Associated Press.) The op
erations by which the St Mihiel sali
ent was emptied in less than 43 hours
were as well executed as they were
piannod, said a French officer today.
The Germans had held It for four
years; they were required to get out
of it much more quickly than they had
figured on.
ia-tfae estimation of a staff officer
of the French forces co-operating un
der General Pershing's orders, the en
emy was jist about a week behind his
plan for the evacuation of the salient.
He left it so hurriedly that there was
no time to carry out destruction to
such a marked degree as in other
evacuated regions.
At St Mihiel the Germans blew up
the bridge over the Meuse and march
ed away without doing further damage
than what was accomplished four
years ago when they tried to advance j
over me neinis 01 me .Meuse ana
take Sarrail's army in the rear during
the battle of the Ma rue. On that occa
sion they got no further than St. Mi
hiel. In the subsequent fighting there,
after the battle of the Marne, the
town was half destroyed. It remains
in that condition today. l
That portion nearest the river Is
entirely demolished. Nearly all the
other buildings were found on 'exam
lnation to bave been hit somewhere;
and the wonder is where were lodged
the 2,500 inhabitants that remained out
of a total of 8,000 in the town through
the four years under German yoke.
So far as can be learned the Ger
mans appear to have been on their
best war behavior here. They are
credited with committing no atrocities
and they took few hostages and treat
ed them with far less brutality than
elsewhere.
They contented themselves with pil
laging houses and purses. Half a mil
lion francs was demanded immediate
ly after the occupation as ransom for
the safety of the town. It was paid
after great effort by collecting all the
money and securities that could txi
found. Another half million francs
was demanded later and was raised
on bonds of the commune. All the
gold the Germans found after that
was seized in exchange for other
bonds of the commune, making the
pillaging a collective, rather than an
individual affair.
Nothing much remained In the
houses except woodwork that could
not be removed. Every copper kitch
en utensil had long ago been shipped
to Germany. The fine old furniture
of the well to do families had gone
to furnish comfort in the trenches and
dugouts. Beds and bedclothlng were
requisitioned, a mattress even being
taken from under a sick man. 64 years
of see.
With these exceptions, and overlook
ing the fact that they appropriated
part of the provisions provided for th
inhabitants by the international com
mission, the conduct of the. troops of
occupation was above the average. For
the greater part of four years the peo
ple remaining in St Mihiel lived on
three-fifths of a pound of bread a day,
while the soldiers of the garrison were
well fed. ,
All the 2.500 inhabitants who re
mained until the day of deliverance
were out today to welcome President
Poincare, who came to greet them not
only as their president, but as their
neighbor. His own villa, only a few
miles away at Sampigny, shows to
passers by on the road to Toul a gap
ing shell hole where there once warf
a salon. There are smaller shell holes
in other parts of the building, al
though the walls still are standing.
Almost every resident of St. Mihiel
greeted the president carrying a
French flag, although no one. seemed
to know exactly where the colore
came from. Their demeanor was that
of a person who had been awakened
suddenly from a horrible nightmare.
St. Mihiel was taken almost with
out a struggle. Turned from the north,
south and east by the French contin
gent of General Pershing's forces, the
Germans made no show of defense be
yond firing a few rounds from ma
chine gunB in the outskirts of the,
town. When the enemy retired, how-j
ever, they took with them seventy
nine boys and men ranging In a;e j
from 17 to 45 the only ones of those
ages remaining. Elsewhere in the sali
ent the Germans tried unsuccessfully
to repeat the destruction wrought in
other places during their retreat.
All the villages they abandoned
were set afire but not the usual thor
oughness of the Germans because or
the short time at their disposal. Man
houses coated with tar were saved
from the flames and the damage is
as nothing compared with the destruc
tion along the Aisne and in the region
of the Avre. 1
Vi HER SIX SONS TO BATTLE KAISEH.
1 SEES THAT HIS SIX BOYS ABE SA73
mi
my
'-VP
ill 'r
r i 4
K f
9- r
"V l.v-. .. !
'y v
v w
4
i
4
Irs
4
S -
"'
t
4.
9 r i
Mrs. Charles Meyer and Meyer service flag of six stars.
' Mr. and Mrs. Charles Meyer of Cincinnati have sent six sor.f to aid
imerica in the fight for democracy. And these proud parents are going
after the kaiser both ways. Three of the boys joined the army and threa
in the navy. The parents came from Alsace-Lorraine.
RED GROSS RENDERS
REPORT FOR AUGUST
FOR THIS DISTRICT
SHOWS THAT WOMEN OF SEC
TION SURROUNDING BISBEE
HAVE DONE MUCH TO AID NA
TION'S CAUSE BY THEIR SEW
ING AND OTHER WORK
INFLUENZA IN CAMPS.
. (By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, Sept 17. Spanisn
influenza has become epidemic in
three army camps, Surgeon General
Gorgas announced today. There are
1,500 cases at Camp Devens, Mass.;
1.000 at Camp Lee. Virginia, and 350
at Camp Upton, N. Y. The disease.
General Gorgas said, has appeared in
only a mild form. Two deaths thus
far have been reported, both at Camp
Devens.
REVIEW WANT AM -BRING
RESULTS
I
isbee Fuel and
Feed Company
Phone 121
Office Below Copper Queen Hotel
I
I
We have to offer and for sale to the
public COAL and WOOD as follows
AMERICAN BLOCK COAL, per ton $17.00
COLORADO NUT COAL, per ton $18.50
WOOp, Juniper and Oak, long cord ....$14.50
WOOD, Juniper and Oak, sawed ...... $16.00
And wc urge that you buy and store your winter's '
i up ply NOW end not take chances on a shortage
which is possible. Our government urges it too.
isbee Fuel and
Feed Company
Phone 121
. Office Below Copper Queen Hotel
The following Is the report from the
Red Cross rooms for th month .of
August, as issued by Mrs. L. D. Rick
etts of Warren:
Warren Mrs. John Rawlings, 105
Nys' suits, 36 men's shirts, 1 aviator's
coat
Catholic Women Miss Duffy and
Mrs. Porter, 42 bed shirts, 12 suits
of underwear.
Junior Red Cross For the' Months
of July and August Twelve black pet
ticoats. 3 hospital handkerchiefs. 8
tray . cloths, 2 pairs of bed socks, 1
pair of knitted socks. 31 aprons, 10
skirts, 3 petticoats.
St. Patrick's Church Three dozen
day shirts.
Jiggerville Mrs. M. L. Babler, 47
hospital coats, 39 suits of underwear,
141 jackets.
Don Luis Mrs. James Malley, 20
6kirts, 3 sweaters.
Presbyterian Chych Mrs. M. E.
Hodges, 12. day shirts. .
Turner Chapter- Two suits of pa
jamas, g hospital bed shirts. 8 gauze,
1 labratory pad, -12 tracbuse pillows.
REGISTRANTS NOT
ALLOWED TO GROSS
The immigration officers at Naco
have received notice that registrants
who are liable- for military service
under the selective service act, and all
those registered with the draft board
are forbidden to leave this county
unless they have an order from the
secretary of the board stating they
are not needed for a current quota,
and that the work ot the board will
not be hindered if they are allowed to
leave.
This new ruling applies to Aruer-
, leans, Mexicans and all other persons
who are registered in the United
states. The order from the board must
be presented to the immigration offi
cials in addition to the passport.
Permission to enter Mexico will not
be given those who are liable to call,
at an early date, unless it is made
plain to the secretary of the board
that the registrant it only going to
Mexico for a short stay.
EDITOR MISSING WHILE
WIFE IS KILLED
(By Review Leased Wire)
NEW YORK, Sept. 17. Mrs. Chas.
E. Chapin, wife of the city editor ol
the New York Evening World, was
found dead with a bullet wound in
her head in the bedroom of the Chap
in apartment In the hotel Cumberland
here late Monday.
Discovery of Mrs. Chapin's body fol
lowed receipt J)y Don Seltz, business
manager of the Evening World of a
letter signed "Charles E. Chapin" in
which the writer hinted at Buicide and
added:
"My wife has been such a good pal
I cannot leave her alone In the world."
The .police immediately began a
search for Mr. Chapin but up to a
late hour tonight he had not been
found. ,
TAKES S. & W. PLANT
SPRINGFIELD, Mass., Sept. 17.
Capt. Walter A. Foster, ordnance de
partment, has taken over the opera
tion of the Smith and Wesson com
pany plant for the war department.
Captain Foster said that questions ol
policy were being worked out through
conferences of department heads in
Washington.
at mm DOOR
"I was talking with my neighbor,
Mr. Webb, the other day, regarding
the great trouble his stomach had
given him. He said he suffered
7 or 8 years, and had been almost
at death's door a number of times
from acute indigestion and bloat
ing of gas, which seemed to shut
off his heart action. He Bald he
wouldn't have lived much longer if
he hadn't taken Mayr's Wonderful
Remedy when he did, which made a
well man of hiin." It is a simple,
harmless preparation that removes
the catarrhal mucus from the intes
tinal tract' and allays the inflamma
tion ' which causes practically all
stomach, liver and Intestinal ail
ments, including appendicitis. One
dose will convince or money refunded.
OF VITAL IMPORT
ST. LOUIS, Mo.. Sept. 17 Director
General of railroads, McAdoo, in a
telegram tonight to the seventh an
nual congress of the national safety
council, representing 4500 industrial
plants of the United States, declared
that the work of the council was of
the most vital importance in these
"days of human wreckage."
BACKACHE IS A
WARNING
J
LION ROLL
A SUMMER ROLL COLLAR
WITH
LINK AND BUTTONS
idh (olars
O-CGST B 'AMD IN AMERICA
'v
MILLER'S SHIRT AND HAT SHOP.
Bisfcee People Should Not Neglect
Their Kidneys.
Uackbche is often nature's most fre
nucnt signal of Weakened kidneys.
J To cure- the pains and aches, to re
1 move the lameness when it arises from
1 weakened kidneys, you must reach the
I causethe kidneys. If you have pain
thryuj h the small of your back, urin
ary disorders, headaches .dizzy spells,
or ore nervous and depressed, start
treating the kidneys with a tested kid
ney icinedy.
Down's Ki:lney Pills have been
proved good and are especially for
weak kidneys. Doan's have boon usud
in kidney trouble for over DO years.
Rend Wabee testimony.
Mrs. John Gohrig. Brewery Gulch,
sau: "About two years ago I had a
constant, nagging pain' across the
f inall of my back. My kidneys were
wenk. too. As Doan Kidney Pills
wer" always so highly recommended.
I (letKled to try tnom. nouns sitou
cured me and 1 haven't had any kid
ney tioub'.o Mnce."
Price fiOc, at all dealers. Don't
fcimpl) ask for a kidney remedy get
Doiiu's Kidney the same that
Mrs Cohr.g had Foster-Milburu Co .
Mfgn... Buffalo. N Y. Adv.
MAN BURIED ALIVE
FOR THREE HOURS
Attributes Poor Health to Hor
rible Occurrence Tells
of Experience
Only once In a great while do we
hear of some one being buried alive,
and F. B. Slominskl of 506 East 26th
street, Tacoma, Wash., Is one of a
very limited number who has ever
uudergone this terrible experience
and lived to tell the story. Mr. Slomt
nski attributes his long period of suf
fering and ill health, from which he
says he was never able to find relief
until he began the use of Tanlac. to
this tragic occurrence. But, wo will
let him tell his own story, which is as
follows:
"Being burled alive is a horrible
experience, but that Is what happened
to me In a mine explosion ten years
ago. We were pinned In for three
hours, before the rescuers could get
to us, with hardly enough air to keep
soul and body together. I was the
luckiest man of the lot, as two c:
the men had their ears blown off, and
one poor fellow had his eyes blown
out. I was unconscious tor five days
after they got me home, and I have
never gotten over the effects of it till
now.
"I think my stomach, must havt
been poisoned by the tire damp, as it
has been In a very bad condition ever
since. My food would not digest prop
erly, but would ferment and cause gas
to form which gave me a great deal
of pain. I bad a pain in my back all
the time, and suffered with headaches
and dizzly spells. I was very nervous
and when I did manage to get off to
sleep the slightest noise would wake
me. I made special request of my
song to make no noise on coming in at
night as I wanted to try to get a little
sleep. My appetite was very poor, and
I got so weak I could hardly walk.
I didn't seem to have one bit of
strength.
"Tanlac is the only thing I have
ever been able to get to help me, and
it certainly has done me a world of
good. My appetite is fine, and my
stomach is In good condition, and I
can eat anything without suffering a
bit from gas and indigestion. My boys
can make all the noise they please
now, it don't bother be at all. and I
can sleep through anything. The pain
is gone out of my back, my head don't
ache any more, and I sent word to the
Tanlac man the other day that I hao
strengthened up until I could run and
Jump a fence as good as I ever could.
I come home after a hard day's work,
and after a few minutes rest feel fine
and ready to go anywhere. I have
gained several pounds and feel better
than I have in years, and It's all due
to Tanlac."
Tanlac is sold in Bisbee by J. M.
Bail, in Douglas by Douglas Drug com
pany, in Paradise by G. A. Walker, In
Bowie by Bowie Drug company, in San
Simon by J. B. Cooke, In Willcox by
A. A. Nicholson, in Lowell by Lowel.
Drug company. In Benson by C. F.
Moss Pharmacy, :n Gleeson by B. A.
Taylor, and in Warren by Warren
Drug company.
Registered Bonds
Third Liberty Loan Are
Now Ready for
Delivery
PAINTS
3 A GOOD paint is worth what you have to pay for
it and a POOR PAINT is worth nothing at any price.
Mountain and Plain Paint
is the best that is made and every gallon of it is abso
lutely .guaranteed by US, and the price is no more.
q Also SPENCER KELLOG Pure Unseed oU. none
better.
Gibson-Hines Lumber Co.
J SITH ' Phone 88
BARRETT
Ever-Lastic Roofing
See advertisement on inside cover of Saturday Evening
Post of August 3. We have a full car in stock.
Bisbee Lumber Co. i.
EMIL MARKS, Mgr. Lowell Car Stop PHONE 25
SCANDAL'S TOUCH
HINTED IN LATE
CAMPAIGN FUNDS
(Continued from Pace On)
tile resolution was made by Sen
ator Pomerene. while Senator
Kenyon. republican, ot Iowa, de
clared that if congress permits
these enormous expenditures to
go unnoticed, a poor man will soon
be unable to be elected to the senate.
IF YOR CAR
IS FOR SALE
-List It With-
GWYANNE ;
ODOM MOTOR COMPANY, GARAGE
NACO ROAD
Small Commission ' Quick Results
Gas Fired Water Heater
For Attaching
to You)
Range Boiler
Provides abundant supply of
hot water at reasonable cost.
Call at our store and ask for
demonstration, or make re
quest for representative to call
upon you.
i
! ;
i
I
Bisbee Improvement Co.
L
si SIX
THE- BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 18, 1918.
17. S. Army and Marine
Casualty List Day by Day
The Review Is In receipt of casualty listg as they are Issued by the j
war department to The Associated Press. Owing to a lack of space, it has j
been determined to publish only the complete list of those killed or miss- j
ing and a regional list of wounded, including Arizona, New Mexico and!
Texas. -
DIED OF WOUNDS RECEIVED IN
ACTION.
Private.
Gustave Harry Bullock, Loogootee,
lnd.
Frank Cooksley, Weissert. Neb.
Fred E. Jones. Harrisburg, Par
William Peiper. Luverne, Minn.
Harry I. Rimstidt, Beloit. Wis.
Andy Totti. Detroit, Mich.
Antanas Waicekausky. Brooklyn,
N. Y.
DIED OF DISEASE.
Private Luster Vick, Russellville,
Ark.
MISSING IN ACTION.
Lieut. Reuben L. Paskill, Richmond,
Va.
Sirt Isaac T. Haney, Carbon HlU.Ala.
0t. Harold Lester Kratz, Sanilac
Co, Mich.
Corp. Walter Edward Reitz, Detroit,
Mich.
... cbantc Arthur F. Prescott, Dor--b
ester, Mass.
Privates.
r-in Henry Charles Adler. Monroe,
Mch.
""k A. AdlT. Cincinnati, Ohio.
0Tirt p. Albert. Iadlanapo'is.Ind.
Isadore Altman, New York, N. Y.
8 Arlt, Cincinnati. Ohio.
V-'hony Frank Bazner, Detroit,
fh.
n-t!mer Berman, Aurora, HI
Fugene Joseph Beraier, Detroit,
Mich.
Alfred Oliver BoudHe, Monroe.MIch.
T loyd Jos' ph Boudrie. Monroe.MIch.
Ry Bover, Ewing. 111.
Harenc'e Brodie. Monroe, Mich.
Roland A. Bruder, Mayvl'.le. Wis.
John Raymond Chord, Philadelphia,
Pa. v
Harry M. Cooper, Cochranton, Pa.
Thomas W. Dailey, Newark, N. J.
Jesse G. Davis, Weymouth, Mass.
Brune .William Dunmore, Monroe,
Mich.
Hamlet Horatio Durant, Detroit,
Mich.
John F. Egan, Boston, Mass.
Ray E George, Kolin, Mont.
Charles T. Gotta, Mellott, Ind.
John Si. Graham, Berkeley, Cal.
James W. Guerry, Macon, Ga.
Frederick J. Harter, Witten, S. VK
Cleo C. Huchan, Muncle, ltd.
Clement W. Hi)d-brand. Seatt'e Wn.
MARINE CORPS CASUALTIES.
Summary of' casualties todate:
Officer.
Deaths S7
Wounded 64 ;
Missing 1
" 102
Enlisted Men.
Deaths . 913
Wounded 1919
In hands of enemy... 11
Missing J41
' 2984
Grand total 30SS
KILLED IN ACTIO!.
Sgt. Myron H. Beals.Plymouth.Mlch.
Private Lee Pitzer, Hamersville, O.
MISSING IN ACTION.
Louis J. Boudeau, Cohoes, N. Y.
Jesse B. Johnson, Spokane, Wash.
John Kurzakski, St Albion. N. Y.
Arthur O. Queck. jersey Ctty, N. J.
Omer A. Rice. Valley, Neb.
James H. Roberts, Baltimore, Md.
Leslie T. Shapton, Charlevoix, Mich.
Charles M. Shontz, Shamoakin, Pa.
WilbeVt W. Sinclair, Woodstock,
N. H.
Andrew J. Sullivan, Mooresbridge,
Ala '
KILLED IN ACTION.
Sergeants.
Clarence P. Brodeur, Waterbury,
Conn.
John Carl Teichler.Menomlnee.Mlch.
MaBter Engr. Robert E. Marsh, Bris
tol, Pa.
Private.
Guy S. Faulconer, Blackfoot. Idaho.
Ivan L. Mustain, HilHard. Wash.
David T. O'Connell. Washington.D.C.
Russell A. Orr. Saginaw, Mich.
Nils, Pierson, Wagna, Sweden.
ATTEKLTIOM!
Sick
To do your duty
times your health
consideration. These two women
tell how they found health.
liellam. Pa. "I took Lydia E. Pinkham's Veg
etable Compound for female troubles and a dis
placement. I felt all run down and was Terr weak.
I had been treated by a physician without results.
so decided to gitB Lydia E.' rinkham's Vegetable Compound
a trial, and fert better right away. I am keeping house
since last April and doing all my housework, where before
I was unable to do any work. Lydia E. Pinkham's Vege
table Compound is certainly the best medicine a woman can
take when in this condition. I gi ve you permissi on to publish
this letter." Mrs. E. R. Crumlikq, R. No. 1, Ilellam, Pa.
Lowell, Mich. "I suffered from cramps and dragging
'down pains, was irregular and had female weakness and
displacement I began to take Lydia E. Pinkham's Vege
table Compound which gave me relief at once and restored
my health. I should like to recommend Lydia E. Pinkham's
remedies to all suffering women who are troubled in a simi
lar way." Mrs. Elibe Ueim,K.No. 6, Box 83,LowelLllich.
Why Not Try
ETOI A E. PIWKHAM S
VEGETABLE COMPOUND
Charles R. Shull, Cascade. Mont.
Hedley Sunstrom, Colfax. Wis.
Joseph W. Kairlamb, Seattle, Wash.
Antonio Pletromonaco, Province Dl
Campoboso, Italy.
William G. Schupp, Council Bluffs,
Iowa.
Edwin A. Tanson, Silverton. Ore.
DIED OF .WOUNDS. RECEIVED IN
ACTION.
Privates.
Claud J. Dinse, West Woodland. Cal.
Christian N. Kerp, Zortman, Mont.
Mirus .Maiorana. Detroit, Mich
Wiillam H. Murphy. Elizabeth, N.
Georee Stack, Aredale, Iowa.
DIED FROM ACCIDENT AND OTHER
CAUSES.
Corp. Rey I.eieh, Columbus, Ohio.
WOUNDED SEVERELY.
Privates.
Lon Sewell, Clarksvil!e, Texas.
.WOUNDED DEGREE UNDETER-.
MINED.
Privates.
Herbert D. Taylor, Santo. Texas.
MISSING IN ACTION.
T ier Maraud C. Hobus. Boston,
Mass.
Sgtr-Arthur G. Bradley, Bristol,Conn.
Sgt. Geo. E. Aiken, Muskegon.Mich.
Corprals.
Fred W. A. Harmeyer, Holland, Ind.
Clarence T. Jackman, Columbia, Ky.
Melvin C. Olson, Abercombie, N. D.
Hudson T. Scarboro, Graymont, Ga.
CVok Fred O'Neal, N. Yakima, Wn.
Private.
Frederick B. Andersdh, Big j Falls,
Ldgar M. Boyd, Rolla, N. D.
J. mes Coppola, Norwala, Conn.
Joseph I. Donohue, Litchfieid, Conn.
Henry S. Kiefer, Philadelphia, Pa.
Frann W. Marose, Waukesha, Wis.
William H. Matthews, Kipling, N.C.
Manard C. Neal, Llndale, Ga.
. Thomas J. O'Keefe, Chicago, III.
'lhcms J. Omarra, Romulus, N. Y.
William O. Osborn, Wildrose, N. D.
James Pares, Chiasso, Switzerland.
Kalph Westity Peck, Culver, Ore.
Roy H. Pendry, Hampton, England.
Albert E. Bangerter.Salt Lake.Uhab.
William R. Bolton. New Britain. Conn.
William P Clark. New Haven, Conn.
George Ford, Louisville, Ky.
' Joseph Gallogly, New York, N. Y.
Harry HanBon, Disco, Wis.
, Thomas G. Harvil, Fairplay Cal. :
Erwin Hatfield- Greensburg, Ind.
Fred E. Hayes, Grandview, Wash.
Henry J. Hendricks, Spokane, Wash.
Elmer E. Hobart, Medford, Mass.
Peter P. Kbrney, Minneapolis., Minn.
Charles McMahon, Glassboro, N. J.
Roy Mastim'Cynlniana, Ky.'
Jack R. Mullen, Loudoun Co., Va.
Ray T. O'Connell, Kilbourn. Wis.
Robert H. Person, Alberta, La.
Millard Riley, Ridgway, 111.
. Walter M. Sims, Tbompsonville, 111.
Soren T. Sorenson, Rinhjobing, Den
mark. Ollie E. Vancll. Macomb, 111.
Taul A. Walker, Takoha, Texas.
Jacob E. Wexler, Lawrence, Mass.
" Frank P. Yucdvirshes.Brooklyn.N.Y.
Clyde L. Barnum, Mica, Idaho.
.Lee L. Bowman, Greenville, S. C.
Adam Burzynski, Samtramck, Mich.
Angelo Caklibunco, Armersirio; Italy.
Travis G. Cope, Rugby, D.
Carl E. Erickson, Benson, Minn. .
William G. Gould, Sioux Falls, S. D.
Nick Gregory, Detroit, Mich.
Raymond Montgomery Howard, Con
nelton, Ind.
Harry J. Keenan, Detroit. Mich.
Samuel Klein, Bangor, Mich.
Stanley Kostrzewski.Peabody, Mass.
Frederick A. Kreth, Michigan Bar,
Cal.
Irvin E. Larson, Detroit, Mich.
Willie Leek, Shiner, Texas.
Geo. Wash. Lentes, Bryn Mawr, Pa.
Eiof Lysdahl, Grantsburg, Wis.
Stiney C. Martinavage, Shenandoah,
Pa, . . . ,. . ,f
' Stanley Marzce. Minneapolis, Minn.
JoBeph C. May, Scranton, Pa.
Frank Miles, Black River Falls.WIs.
Stanley W. Nine, KIlgore,'Neb.
Manuel Olivera, Jr., Fall River.Mass
Women
during these trying
should be your first
LYDIA E.PINKHAM
Anthony Paleski. Scranton, Pa.
Albert O. Randall. West Barnet, Vt
Robt. W. Rasuiussen, Detroit. Mich.
Giovanni Reile. St. Louis. Mo.
Peter Rosle. Kindred. N. D.
Geo. F. Schindler. Boston. Mass.
Edgar Simmons. Broughton. lil.
Joseph Strand. Chicago, ill.
Wiley M. Turner. Orri-k, Mo.
Nicholas Zimmer, Pierce, Neb.
Prisoner.
Sgt. Jas. Harrison, Pluttsburs. N.Y.
Pvt. Warren L. Andrews, Meriden,
Conn.
Pvt. Jab M. Andfrs.in. riKgntt, Ark
KILLED IN ACTION
Sgt. Zegmond Dluzak, Kankakee,
fill.
Cpl. Roscoe Gray. Lima, O.
Privates
Earl J. Conley. Apollonia, Wis.
Robert Craig, Centralia, Wash.
William McKcrites, Cincinnati, O.
Sylvanus Hoaxie, Nicolin. Maine.
Edgar H. Lelland, Detroit. Mich.
Lee C. Meadows, Portland, Ore.
Michael Narelli. Jamaica, N. Y.
Nels S. Pederson, Willmar. Minn.
Walter Arand. Worcester. Mass.
William Treiley, Washington. D. C.
Hyrum Shulzen, Sandy, Utah.
DIED OF WOUNDS RECEIVED IN
Action
Lt. Raymond Preston, Chicago.
DIED OF DISEASE
Private
Stephen S. Boyett. Meridian, Miss.
i Guy S. Hampton. Des Moines, Iowa.
I Jethro MacMahon, Cypress, Texas.
1 David M. VanMeter, Covington,
Tenn.
WOUNDED SEVERELY IN ACTION
Private
George Mckenzie, Italy, Texas.
MISSING IN ACTION
CpL Stanford A. Myers, Des Moines,
Iowa.
Privates '
Donald J. Backa, Withee, Wis.
Emil Gerkin, Troy, 111.
Ross H. Hayes, Waldport, Ore.
Frank E. Honaker, Beckley, W. Va.
Wesley L. Honneycutt, Crossett,
Ark.
Rudolph J. Jasper, Venedy, 111.
Charley Jones, Huntington, W. Va.
Grover C. Kelley, Fort Lauderdale,
Ha.
Frank Machules, Chicago.
Jesse H. Maddrel, Southwakne,
Wis.
Phillip Marino, St. Louis, Mo.
" Anthony Peter Mastellone, Jersey
City, N. J.
John J. Muir, Roxbury, Mass.
William Robert Mullen, Detroit,
Mich.
Shelby E. Phillips, jr., Rayville, La.
Ralph R. Poole, Valley, Wash.
Oliver Prince, Morton, Miss.
Clarence Replogle. La Crosse, Wis.
Rufus Ross, Seattle, Wash.
Arlie Smith, Alexandria, Ind. .
Marcel Soucy, Nashan, N. H.
Charles Voller, Stanley, N. D.
John W. Ward, Hayo, Fla.
George E. West, Orange, Ga.
George M. Wiegand, Redbud, III.
Russell A. Young. Lawton, N. D.
t KILLED IN ACTION
Lt, Emil H. Lauterwasser, Fordham,
New York.
Private .
Joseph T. Desmarias, Fall River,
Mass.
Lawrence S. Rawdon, Malta, Mont.
Vernet Edward Salsgiver, Pittsburg,
Pa.
DIED FROM ' ACCIDENT AND
OTHER CAUSES
Privates
Chas. H. Hill, Lambertville, N. J.
Harold Charles Hubert, Shreveport,
N. Y.
.MISSING IN ACTION
- Private
Raymond L. Horn, Haland, O.
.. Joseph W..Hurtt, Brook,' Ind.
John Jesselskis, Rumford, Me.
Jess Johnson, Blackwater, Va.
Oscar A. Johnson, Burtrum, Minn.
Charles L.. Jones, Eden, Utah.
Emil J. Karnik. Olivia, Minn.
George E. Klrkman, Wheatcroft,
Ky. .
Henry K. Laine, Clinton, Ind.
Fred C. Rensing, Brownsvalley,
Minn.
Harry H. Ltfouy, Rosholt, Wis.
William G. Laplante, Haverhill,
Mass. - . ..
Leo J. Lavole, Lowell, Mass.
Don F. Lenburg, Hobart, Ind.
Charlie Lindsten, Leeman, Wis.
Harrison W. Love,. Oshkosh, Wis.
Maurice L. McDerraott, Loogootee,
Ind.
MEPICINF CO ASS.
EXPOSE OF
AS AGENTS OF
BY
OUR STATE DE
Most Remarkable Group of Documents Published Since
Famous Zimmerman Series Was Made Public by Wash
ington, Show Absolutely That Lenin, Trotzky and Their
Associates Are and Have Been in German Pay Since Be
ginning of Internal Troubles in Torn Nation
WASHINGTON. Pept. 17. The com-
nuttee on public information releases
for publication herewith a series of
communications between the German
Imperial government and the Russian
:rlshevik government and between
the Bolsheviks themselves, and also
the report therein made to George
Creel by Edgar Sisson, the commit-
tees special representative in Russia
during the winter of 1917-1918.
These documents show that the
present heads of the Bolshevik gov-;
erament Lenin, Trotzky and their j
associates are German agents. They
show that the Bolshevik revolution
was arranged for by the German great
general staff and financed by the Ger-."ill
man Imperial bank and other German
financial institutions.
They show that the treaty of Brest-
Litovsk was a betrayal of the Rus
sian people by the German agents,
Lenin and Trotzky; that a German
picked commander was chosen to "de-
fend" Petrograd against the Germans; ,
that German ofifcers have been sec-
retly received by the Bolshevik gov-
ernment as military advisers, as spies
upon the embassies of Russia's allies;
as officers in the Russian navy and
as directors of the Bolshevik mili
tary, foreign and domestic policy.
They show, in short, that the present
Bolshevik government is not a Rus
sian government at all, but a Ger
man government, acting solely in the
interests of Germany and betraying
the .Russian people, ' as it 'betrays j
Russia's natural allies, for the bene
fit of the Imperial German govern
ment alone.
And they show also that the Bol
shevilo leaders for the same Ger
man imperial ends, have equally be
trayed the working classes of Russia
whom they pretended to represent.
The document are some seventy In
number. Many are originals, annotat
ed by Bolshevik cflfcials. The bal
ance of the othere are photographs of
originals, showing annotations. And
they corroberate a third set of type
written circulars (see appendix later)
of which only two originals are
possessed, but all of which it per
fectly into the Whole pattern of Ger
man intrigue and German guilt.
The first document is a photograph
of a repart made to the Bolshevik
leaders by two of their assistants, in
forming them that in accordance with
their instructions, there had been re
moved from the archives of the Rus
sian ministry of justice, the order of
the German Imperial bank, "allowing
money to Comrade Lenin and Trot
s.ky 'and others' for the propaganda
of peace in Russia"; and that, at
the same time, "all the books" of a
bank in Stockholm had been "audited"
to conceal the payment of money to
Lenin, Trotzky and their associates
by order of the German Imperial bank.
This report ts endorsed by Lenin,
with his initials, for deposit in "the
secret department" of the Bolshevik
files, and the authenticity of the re
port is supported by Document No. 2,
which is the original of a report sent
by German general staff representa
tives to the i:olshevik leaders, warn
ing them that he had just arrested
an agent who had in his possession
the original order of the German Im
perial bank referred to In document
No. 1 and pointing out that evidently
"at the proper time steps were not
taken to destroy the above mentioned
documents."
Document No. 3 Is the original proto
col signed by several Bolshevik lead-(
ers and dated November 2. 1917. show-j
ing that "on instructions ol tne rep
resentatives of the German general
staff in Petrosrad" and "with the con
sent of the council of people's com
missioners' of which Trotzky and Le
nin were the heads, two Incriminat
ing German circulars had also been (
"taken from the department oi sec-iprapn o a etter from the president
ret service of the Petrograd district" ; of the German Imperial bank to the
and given to the secret service depart- j0isnevik commissioner of foreign af
ment ofthe German general staff in fairg
Petrograd. On the bottom of the pro-, u Jg markeJ ..very 8ecret- and date(
tocol the German adjutant ac""1". January 8, 1918. It says: "Informa
edses receipt of the two incriminating Uon toJav bpen recelveJ by me
circulars with his cipher signature. . Stockholm that 50.000.000 rubles
And to complete the evidence the c r-
culars are themselves penciled with
the ctrhor signature of the heads ot
the German secret service bureau.
These two circulars apparently ha'!
; been obtained by some Russian aeent
! in 'Germeny and transmuted to Rus
' sia. The GermiRi general staff evi
i dcntlv wished to- get them back, in
irrder'to destroy them. By the order
of the German general Biaii anu ',
i the "consent" of Lenin and iroizKy
. Pn,moB
they are turned over to German.
Ito be destroyed. Why? Because they
iare conclusive proof that on June 9.
1 1914. the German government was pre-
Generoso Orascetti, Fano. Paslo,
Italy.
Flint Parker. Hackleburg, Ala.
Leroy Parker. Houston, Tex.
Ray E. Parker, Churchill, Tenn.
Joe Albert Paszkiewicz, Ottowa
Lake, Mich.
Edwin Peterson, Butte, Mont.
Ignatz Plaskl. Milwaukee. Wis.
Charles W. Reid. Greenville. S. C.
John W. Riley, Cambria. Wis.
Lawrence Simmons Roof. Ottowa,
Ohio.
Peter J. Schmidt, Eauclaire, Wis.
Cecil R. Shenk, Akron. Ohio.
John P. Smorowskl, Chicago.
Julius R. Tlenemann, Detroit, Mich.
Willie Witherow. Galnsville. Ga
Moy Zurlck. Hamey, l'a
RUSSIAN RULERS
IN IS MADE
PARTMENT
jwriuj: for war, several weoks beiore
te assassination of the Austrian arh-
Juke, which was made the pre'.ot lor
war.
One circular Is an order frm the
German general staff. dard June 9,
l'.'H informing "all industrial eon-
eeins" in Germany to onflii the si-aled
envelopes containing tlrvv "inJutrUI
mobilization plans and registration
forms" so they tliey niieht be prepared
for the war which the excuse had not
been found.
Th3 second circu' ir is a:i order
from the German ge'i r;.l staff of the
High Sea Fleet, dated November 28
1914, calling for the mobilizaMoa of
destructive agents and observers'
in the United States and' Canada for
the purpose of preventing the ail!:ig
of ships from American ports t3 Itu
sia. France and England The order
caKs for explosions, strikes, "d-jlajs
i ii.b'oilments, and difficulties,'' and it
recommends the employment of
archists and escaped criminals,'
an
the purpose.
It is these damning proofs of a
German conspiracy against the nation
cf Europe in June 1914, and against
the United States in November, 1911,
it is shown that Lenin and Trotzky
surrendered to the German secret ser
vice in Petrograd on order of "the
representatives of the German general
staff in Petrograd.
And they surrender them in con
formlty with a working agreement be.
t ween the Bolshevik leaders and the
German general staff, of which agree
ment a photograph is included in the
series as document No. 5.
It is dated October, 1917. It is from
a division of the German general staff
It is addressed to the council of the
people's commissar of which Lenin
and Trotzky were the heads. It be
gins:
"In accordance with the agreement
which took place in Kronstadt, in
July of the peresent year, between of
ficials of our general staff and lead
ers of the Russian revolutionary army
and democracy, Messers Lenin and
Trotzky. Rasolnikov, and Dybenko, the
Russian division of our general staff,
operating in Finland is ordered to
Petrograd officials for the disposal of
the information department of the
staff."
Among the ofifcials named, are Ma
jor Lubert, whose cipher signature is
Kiven, as it appears on the two sur
rendered German circulars mentioned
above (document No. 3) and Lieut
Hartwig, whose cipher signature is
given as it appears on the receipt for
the two circulars, and as an endorse
ment on this letter from the German
general staff records that the German
ofifcers assigned to Petrograd had ap
peared "before the military revolu
tionary committee" and had "agreed
on conditions with regard to their mu
tual activities."
What their "mutual activities were
to be is sufficiently indicated by docu
ment No. 7. which Is a photograph of
a letter signed to cipher by this Ma
jor Lubert and'hia adjutant, Lieut.
Hardwig. They notified the Bolshe
vik leaders on January 12. 1918. that
"by order of the German general staff
tho German intelligence section "has
informed us of the names and char
acteristics of the main candidates fcr
re-electicn" to the Russian Bolshevik
"central executive committee" and the
general executive committee and the
general staff orders us to Insist on
the election of the following people."
Thpy add a list of Russian leaders
satisfactory to the German general
staff. The list is headed by Trotzky
and Lenin. They were elected, and
the rest of the present Bolshevik ex
ecutive committee were chosen from
the same German list.
A document No. 28 gives evidence
of the quld pro quo Jt ig a phota.
transferred to be
put at the disposal of the people's
commissars." which is the title of the
Bolshevik leaders. "The credit." the
letter continues, "has been suppliea
to the Russian government in order
to cover the cost of the keep of the
Red Guards (the Bolshevik revolu
tionary troops) and agitators in the
country. The imperial governmeni
rnnsI(1rr9 lt annroDriate to remind the
, nmi.ui-a nr th
OUMtl J ; . V 1 ' s . villi " v. ' - -
neceM,ty of ,ncreasl..g propaganda h;
I the country as me antagonistic aiti-
I tude of the south of Russia and Si
beria to the existing (Russian) gov
ernment is troubling the German gov
ernment." Four days later the same
president of the German Imperial
bank sent another 5.000.000 rubles to
the same address to provide for the
sending of a Russian revolutionary
leader to Vladivostok to get posses
sion of the "Japanese and American
war materials" at that port, and it
necessary to destroy them. A photo
graph of his letter Is given as docu
ment No. 9.
There were earlier payments, but
probably none later tliai those. None
was necessary. By this time the loot
of an empire lay open to the Polshe
viks and the Germans.
Most significant ft all are the two
photographs of further cnmmiinica-
tions from the German Imperial bank,
given as documents No. 10 and 11.
One Is a letter addressed to tho chair
man of the council of people's com-,
missars and the other is tht 'resolu
tion of conference of representatives
of the German commercial banks" re
ceived by tlie chairman of the Bolshe
vikvcentral executive committee anil
endorsed by his secretary. Together j
they give a complete synopsis of thej
terms on which Germany intends to
have control of all Russian industries.
For five years from the signing I
of peace, English, French and Ameri
can capital in Russia are to he "ban
ished" and "not to be allowed in the
following industries: coal, metallurgi
cal, machine, building, oil. chemical
and pharmacutif.il." These Industries
ai to be developed under t!ie control t
of a "supreme advisory organ, con-'
sisting of ten Russian specialists, ten
German industrial organizations and
the German and Austrian banks."
Germany and Austria are to "enjoy;
the unlimited privilege of sending me
chanics and qualified workmen into
Russia." "All other foreign mechanics
and workmen are not to be allowed to
enter at all" for five years after the
conclusion of peace between Russia
and Germany." Private bunks in Rus
sia arise only with the consent"' ot
the Union of -Germany and Austrian
banks, and so forth.
And this conspiracy between Ger- j
man imperial capitalism and the pre
teiulej Russian Reds is eiulorsed by
a Bolshevik leader, with the recom
mendation that it should be "taken
tinder advisement,' and "Uie ground
prepared In the soviet of the wctrk
men's and soldiers' deputies in case
the council of people's commissars
will not accede to these requests.".
Various details of the conspiracy be
tween the Bolshevik leaders and the
German general staff are exposed in
documents 16 to 29. These are photo
graphs of letters which passed be
tween the Bolshevik leader and the
German general staff, or German of
ficials in Russia. Document No. 21
(shows that on Novemoer 1, 1917, when
Russia was still regarded as an ally
of Great Britain, France and America,
the German general stafr was having
"the henor to request" the Bolshevik
leaders to inform it at the earliest
possible moment" concerning "the
quantity and storage place of the sup
plies that have been received from
Amerii, England and France 'and
also the Hiijts jwhich are keeping j
guard over the stores." I
Document IS shows the German gen-l
eral staff requiring the Bolshevik
leaders to send "agitators to the
camps cf the Russian prisoners of wai ,
in Germany" In order that they might;
procure spies to work among the Eng-
lish and French troops, and to further (
"peace propaganda." And this is pro
posed by the German general staff as
being "according to the negotiations
between the Russian and German
peace delegations at Brest-Litovsk." '
In document 22 the Bolshevik lead
ers and the Germans are arranging
to send "agents, agitators and agent
destructors" out of Vladivostok "to ',
ports of the United States. Japan, ana
British colonies in eastern Asia."
In document 16 Trotzky is provid
ing fraudulent passports for German
efficers who are going to England, j
France and America, as spies, and en-j
emy agents. And document 17 shows
Trotzky indorsing a similar proposal i
"to be urgently executed, L T."
Three German submarines are to be,
We will win this war
Nothing else really matters until we do!
1 The Flavor Lasts
sent to the Pacific on the Trans-Siberian
railway by orders of the Ger
man high command in Document No.
'Si. Lists of German and Russian
spies watching the British. French
and American embassies In Petrograd
are given in Document No. 35. And,
finally. In Document No. 15 the Bol
shevik leaders are warned that infor
mation coiuerning "the connection of
the German government with the Bol
shevik workers" has leaked out, and
that Russian troops are hearing of it.
Letters are given to show how the
Bolshevik leaders and the German of
! iters arranged for the assassination
of Russian nationalist leaders (Docu
ment 35. 39 and 42) for the distribu
tion of the Polish legionnaries in the
Russian army (Documents 40 to 42).
for the disorganization of the Ruman- .
Ian army and for the deposing of the,
Rumanian king (Document No. 37),
for the substitution of officers satis
factory to Germany in command of
Russian troops instead of patriotic
Russian generals (Document 31 and
32). for the- suppression of patriotic
agitation among the Russian soldiers
(Documents 13 and 14), or an attack
upon the Italian ambassador In Pet-
rograd and the theft ot his papers
(Documents 26 and 27). and for the
employment of Gennadi soldiers in
Russian uniforms against the Russian
national armies in the souta (Docu
ment 35).
Several of the letters are indorsed
by Trotzky. even standing alone, they
are eomplete proof that the Bolshe
vik leaders were ruling as German
agents in Russia and obeying German
orders to act against all Germany's
enemies, and even against Russia it
self. .
Moreover, these Bolshevik leader
acted as German agents by suppress
ing their own Socialist revolution In
the Russian provinces where their
doctrines interfered with German
plans on annexation. Document 46. Is
the original letter from the Petro
grad department of the German gen
eral staff, addressed to the Bolshevik
commissar of foreign affairs. It
reads:
"According to instructions of the
representative of our general staff I
have the honor once more to insist
that you recall from Eastland. Litva
and Courland all agitators of the cen
tral executive committee of the soviet
cf workmen's and soldiers' deputies.'
and in Document 47 the general staff
orders the Bolshevik to cease the agi
tation In Eastland, which had "final
ly lead to the German landlords being
declared outlawed." and to "take im
mediate steps for the restoring of the
rights of the above mentioned Ger
man landlords."
Another group of letters (Nos. 33
to 36) shows how the Germans treat
ed the Bolshevik leaders Jn their
dealings with the Ukraine, and made
a separate German peace with the anti-Bolshevik
leaders in that Russian
province. And another group shows
the Germans. assisting both sides of
the civil war in Finland (Document
3X, 43 and 53). The documents, as
they follow, are given In the report
form in which they were transmitted
by -Mr. Sissons to Sir. Creel, chairman
of the committee, with some later
data added and carefully Indicated.
For instance, Mr. Sisson did not learn
until several weeks after he left Rus
sia, that the German order (which he
passessed) naming the Russian who
was to "defend" Petrograd had been
obeyed.
.r I
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 18, 1918.
SEVEN
!. REVIEW WANT ADS
Advertisements under this head at the rate of 1 cent per word for each
, Usue, with a minimum charge of 25 cents. Advertisements must reach
' The Review office not later than 8 p. m. for Insertion the next morning.
Male Help Wanted ,
WANTED Butchers. Tovreas mar
ket. Apply Bisbee olfice. 207
iuifc; to "if. M. tJ. A. occooi, wjs
juigeivs," auoui auio, nauio, cwu
uieicuii ana CiUgiueemg courss.
irain ior service. ai
Female Help Wanted
WANTED Women to work in board-:
ing house, at once. Phone Blue 7U9. 1
Call 59 Castle hill. 364
WANTED Girl Tor general house
work, only one desiring permanent
position need apply. Phone 4ii6. 116
1 Hpln Wanted
. .i CD A good live salesman.
..a or woman, to represent a higii
css company. Good money for tue
right party. Address 1'
Phoenix, Ariz.
O. Box 721, !
3is ;
Wanted
WANTED Room and board by first
ot October. Must be strictly private
family. References exchanged if
necessary. Write Box J. R. T., care
Review. . 331
WANTED By man and wife, no chil
dren, three or four room iiouie.
Must be furnished with bath. Baker
ville or Warren preferred. Phone
199; 346
WANTED To rent, three or four
room turnished house. Box lasi),
City. 314
WANTED To buy car, runabout.
Miui be bargain. Phone 103. 360
WANTED To rent, three to five
room furnished house by October 1.
Phone 103. 361
MRS. BOYLE Clairvoyant, card
readings. Hours 10 a. in. to 2:30 p.
m. 17 Montana street, first street
iback of Lowell bakery. 312
. nil
-W-NXED McNeal valley farm, im
proved preterred, give tull desenp
nnn. Kiare best nriee. Pace, care of
Review.
313
WANTED Clean
tice.
rags.
Heview of
dh4f For Sale
FOR SALE Rabbits, breeding age.
New Zealand Reds, and Flemisu
Jiants. J. E. Steel, 49 O. K. street.
401
FOR SALE New live room brick
house. Warren. Garage, large lot
fenced. With or without furniture.
Phone . Black 845. First house on
rignt. New Hospital car stop. 3!9
FOR SALE Threi room new house,
screen porches, chicken yard, ideal
place for chickens. $5i'o cath, bal
ance easy terms. Spring canyem.
Apply to M. C. High. 420
FOR SALE Set of Hawkins' electri
cal guides. Write Box 344G, Lowell.
421
FOR SALE 1450 acre ranch v illi 120
head good cattle. Apply at 21 Jig-
gervMle. 419
FOR SALE Lot with barn on, aiacK
kich View. E. Suiger, C. & A. of
fice, .Warren. 261
FOR. SALE 4000 shaies United
hino oil stock. Box 1943, C:ty. 400 i
. FOR SALE Good building lots, Iiv
minutes walk from Deun mine. Airs.;
Winwocd, Winwood addition. Oo
and up. CG
FOR SALE Royal typewriter, good
condition. O. K. Repair Shop, (J. K. ;
street. 325
FOR SALE New live room- house,
nicely furnished, part cash. Call
Black 573 for iniormatiwn, or ad
dress Box US!), bisbee. 226
FOR SALE Furniture of five rcom
modern house, all in excellent con
dition, iKclucies- eurytfciug . neces
sary for keeping house. Great bar
gain. , House may be n nted to pur
chaser if desired. Location,. Billy
Robinson house. Quarry canyon.
King up Black 704 before 9 a. m. cr
between C and 7 p. r.i. 309
FOR SALE Maxwell live pas3fngr
car. 1917 model, run (iHMPniilrs, $450
cash, or terms. Pr.one Wilson, Red
527, Sunday or 208 week nays. 318
FOR SALE Four kxhh house-. 6:;
Quality hill. Phone Red 754. 331
FOR SALE OR TRADE E. El Paso
lots for house in Bisbee, or car. Ad
dress Box 2402, Pi: bee. 3';1
FOR SALE Ford touring car, 1';16
moa?l in gord condition. Call Black
297. 26
1-OR SALE Ford runabout truck,
good condition. Pr.ce $2r,0. Terms
arranged. H-ici & Bledsce, Ford
.igeaU, Johnson addition. 319
FOR SALE B?! with spring, mat
tresr. 36 Laundry lull, or phone
647. 317
FO KSALE White bean.-. 10 tentr.
pound. 2o psuiid lot:; delivered.
Pimii" Green t'.t'fi. ".27
Money to Loan
MIAUj quicit loans iiu 7our pcrnouai
noi i saiaritu mi'n mm women, ai
bo un lurniiure. e.".x ixian co. uoom
Lyric TBoaire nuilding. iht
"Our v!i lorifur, arm.-!," annniiiT'e.:
t!,e l;a:s'T. "having' not yet luce. rtf .
in entirely treakiug our enemies'
will." Credit tlio rovnl Piis!i:hiiii- r.
for on-.-?. "ih a tl:,.-,::-:;ily -ons'-rv.i-tive
stJtAsieut. New Oriear.s Titues-Ficiyuue.
For Sale
FOR SALE Bargain, Cadillac "4"
chassisa. Make dandy racer. Uncle
Jim's, Brewery Gulch. 323
FOR SALE Sewing machine. 21 Jig
gerville. 418
FOR SALE Crescent hotel, Brewery
. j Gulch. Wilbur A. McLean. 'Jzu
For Rent
FOR RENT Furnished room in pri
vate family, either for lady or gen
tlemen. Phone 318. dh
FOR RENT Furnished rooms, Pritch
ard's house, Brophy car stop. 332
FOR RiiNT Two furnished house
. ; keeping rooms. Mrs. V. J.
keeping rooms.
Shearer,
152
I
14 Laundry hfTl.
roR KKNT Two roQms furnlshed
- h-msekeeninir. no children. 2i
Montana street, Johnson addition.
254
; FOR RENT Five room house with
bath and sleeping porch. 122 Quar
; ry canyon, subject to sale of furni-
FOR RENT Housekeeping apart
ment, close in. 31-C O. K. street.
r Phone Black 571. 253
FOR RENT Furnished rooms for
light housekeeping. Rent reason?
; able. 56 Upper Lowell, sacross from
! Lowell depot. 333
I FOR RENT Five room unfurnished
j house in good condition. 206 B
! Opera Drive. ,, .,, , 324
FOR RENT Two furnished' house
keeping rooms. S3 Mftln street, Cot
tage home. 321
iFOR RENT Furnished house. 16
Upper Lowe(l. Call Phone Red 771.
j Four rooms. 32-
FOR RENT Three rooms and bath
I unfurnished, modern. Call for L. R.
Allen, Standard Furniture com
j pany, or Phsne Black 728. 41C
FOR RENT Furnished room for gen
' tlemen. also new Singer sewing ma
! chine for sale. Phone 829. 398
FOR RENT Four room house and
furniture for sale. Cement house
rightlback of Bisbee Auto company.
Thoue 365. Mrs. A. E. Cromer. 397
; FOR RENT Four room house and
i furniture in house for sale. 21 Jig
; gerville. 417
FOR RENT Two rooms unfurnished
(housekeeping). 176 Naco road, llol
brook stop. 402
Miscellaneous
GOSSARD CORSETS FOR SALE $2
; up. All corsets carefully fitted,
j Ir.es Warburton, over Independent
! Feed store, upper Main street. 349
MRS. BOYLE Clarivoyar.t, card
i reading. Hours 10 a. m. to 2:30 p. m.
I 17 Montana street, first street back
of Lowell bakery. , 312
i MARTIN'S MINERAL BATHS AND
j MASSAGE SPECIALIST For rhcu
!, matism, lumbago, plurisy, head
, aches, nervousness, manipulation
I aid curviture of spine treated scien
! tifically. Office third floor Maze
j building. Open 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.
Nurse in attendance. 705
MADAME J. REA KEYS, St. Regis ho
tel, Lowell, Ariz. Phone 62. Clair
voyant and crystal Reader. Dead
trance spirit medium, born with n
double veil, without asking quee
i tions gives you dates, facts and fig
i ures. and will road your entire life.
! Olfice hours 9 to 8. Phone 62.
' ' Home phor.e 651, Mason hill. 17C
Lost
LOST Third Liberty loan bond. No.
3,8fZ,9S!t. Owner's name on envelope
enclosing bond. Return to Review
office.
i
KEPT HER AWAKE
i
r
Tie Terrible Paiai in Sack and
Sides. Cardui Gare Relief.
j Marksville, La. .Mrs. Alice Johnson,
of this place, writes: "For one year I
jjuffered with an awful misery in my back
and sides. My left side was hurting me
all the time. The misery was something
awful
! I could not do anything, not even sleep
at night. Jt kept me awake most of the
night ... I took different medicines, but
nothing did me any good or relieved me
until I took Cardui . . .
I was not able to do any of my work
for one year and 1 got worse all the time,
! was confined to my bed eff and on. I got
: so bad with my back that when I stooped
down I was not able to straighten up
sgaia ... 1 decided I would try Cardui
, . . . By time I had taken the entire bottle
I was feeling pretty good and could
ttraighlen up and my pains were nearly
t'l gone.
i I shall always praise Cardui. I con-
bnuid taking it until I was strong and
well.'" If you suffer from pains due to
female complaints, Cardui may be just
wh3t you need. Thousands of women
! who once sutiercd ia this way now praise
, Cardui for their present good health.
; Give it a trial. NC-133
! COLLIERIE.S ARE IOLE
GLASGOW. N. S.. Sept. 17 The
j Pit ton county collieries are idle to
Iday. flip result of a strike by 2mni men
I mid boys for Increased wages A daily
j o'i'puf of '-"fi tons of coal is SU3
I peuded.
Mining and Financial News
8Y REVIEW
NEW YORK. Sept. 17 Political
rumors restored today's stock market
from a session of lethargic character
to one in which active buying in the
last hour carried the general list of
shares into the highest levels of the
iay. Vague reports that the Honen
loUern dynasty had abdicated or was
soon to do so, facilitated a recovery
from the earlier pressure which, con
centrated on speculative issues and
United States Steel, in many instances
had carried prices down 1 to 5 points
btlow Monday's close. United States
Steel closed at 109h. or of a point
higher than the previous day's close.
Other stccks which participated no
tably In the final upswing were Cana
dian Pacific, which advanced four
poiuts. and American Car, American
Telephone, Bcthiehem Steel, Texas
Company and Mexican Petroleum, the
two oils making high records for the
jear. General Motors regained 3',-i of
its loss of 54 points. American Su
matra Tobacco and United States AI
t ohcl rallied sharply. Sales amounted
to 235.000 shares.
Lxchunge rates on netftral countries
continued their recent downward
couise, losing from 5 to 50 points,
foreign war issues were actively dealt
in, Paris 6s rising of a point to
35 Vi, a new high price for the year.
Liberty Bonds moved narrowly and
irregularly, railroad and miscellaneous
issues being without definite tone. To
tal sales, par value, were $S,450,00O.
United States bonds, old issues,
were unchanged on call.
COTTON MARKET.
NEW YORK, Sept. 17. Cotton:
closed at 33.90. (
GRAIN MARKET. I
CHICAGO. Sept. 17. As a result of
the general embargo on grain ship
ments to western primary centers, un- (
storage room was arranged for,
the corn market today showed weak- i
prss the greater part of the session, j
Prices closed nervous, sc to IVic;
down, with October $1.52'i to $l.o2Va j
and November JlS to Jl1?. V
Op.is, on tbo contrary, gained Vsc lo
ic to c net. and provisions ad-'
vanccd 5c to 70c. ;
Announcement tjiat the railway;
?rain cnibarpo had been made all-etn- j
bracing, brought about a sharp break'
'n corn va!ue3 promptly after the open
ing. At the same time the fact that:
no frost was shown on the weather
map and tha .he forecast was for :
r.io:-j warmth a.sd sunshHo tended -.o .
ir.ereaso bearish sentiment, especially j
3s the government had predicted that
:iie bulk of the crop would be safe
from frost by Sept. 20. Covering by
ihortr. IcC to a good rally, but weak-
ips soon develop?! t;ain in view,
of the fact that storage room in Chi
cago remains simple, and the outlook '
was that arriva'.i here might be heavi
iy enlarged.
Strength in cat3 came for the most :
ra:t from buying credited to the gov
ernment -'nil to t-' northwest.
l i'l'iovod cash i.TH'Jxy, made provi
sions advance1. The downward ten-'
i"i:cy of et.rn hud cnly a transient
Lcurirv- effect I
METAL MARKET.
NEW YORK. Sept. 17 Metals unchanged.-
(L. J. OVERLOOK
Closing Q.otitioos, S
3:
oker)
17, 1918 i
-Ft.
NEW YOR
Anaconda
American Can
American Car
American Locomotive
Arr.eri'-an Smtittrs .
Baldwin
Pethiehera Steel (B)
Canadian Pacific . . . ; .
Central Leather
Crucible Steel
n-isiillers' Securities ..
Erie
General Motors
Indiana Alcohol
Midvale
.Mexican Petroleum ...
New York Central
Reading
Rubber ...i
Ret. Steel
Pludebaker
Stec!
Site' I-ld
St. Paul
F.-zUthrrn l atiiic
Sinclair Gil
Texas Oil
I'nion Pacific
United Motors
Wesiinghouse
K.
. 67 ',4
. 4Z
. Soli
.
. 76 '4
. S8li
81 i',
.161
. 66
. 65
. 52 M
.113:!4
.115
. 51 Ms
.10374
. 73
. 87
. 60 V4
. 90
..45
.109'2
.no-"
. 4SVi
.' 85,
. 31 'A
.159j
.121
. 26
. 43
BOSTON.
Adventure ,..
Alaska
Allonez
Arizona Com
C. & A
Calumet & Hecla
Calumet Rar.f;e
Chino
East Butte ...
Granby
GoldficM
Hincock
Indiana
.'6.
. 2 u
4M2
. 15
. C7Vi
.4f,0 '
. 4
. 39
. 9
. 80
. 20
.r',i
. 60
'. SO
i :..
rvv. v t iw:
LANE'S TRAVEL SERVICE BUREAU.
Travel-hotel information, ROOM RESERVATIONS, a-conmoclation
secured (cr induividuals. parties, lodges, societies, a&fcociations. organiza
tions, during celebrations and conventions MO CIIAI'GC.
Auto stag: tickets and s-nt reservations secured (O.nly service,
an Francisco to Imperial Va'lley, Camji Ksr.rry, Riverside Aviation
Field, etc.) Autos furnished for private ute. reliable, competent drivers,
go everywhere. Write, phone, or call. LANE'S TR AVE L SERVICE BU
REAU, C22 WEST 6th STREET, LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA. Piiones:
Pico 1007; Home 10743
LOS ANGELES
Gates Hotel $1
FIREPROOF
S:xth and Figueroa Streets
C.ife and Restautrant Garage in
Connection Close to Stores, The
aters and All Car Lines. Los An
geles' Finest Tourist snd Family
Hon'elry. TAKE TAXI AT OUR
EXPENSE. Lec Holladay. Pres. an-i
Mgr, Geo. A. Collins, See'y
LEASED WIRE
Lake 5Vi
La Salle 2
Miami 27
Mohawk 5514
Mayflower 2 Vj
Nevada 20
North Butte 13',i
Nipissing 8
Old Dominion, ex. div 3S
Osceola 51
Pond Creek 184
Quincy 66
Ray Con , 23"g
Shattutk 15
Shannon 3V4
Sup: Boston 3
Utah Copper 83
Utah Con 9
CURBS.
Arkansas A Arizona 7
Arizona Ring 5
Arizona Silver King
Bier Ledr;e
Calumet & Jerome
Cornelia 17
Con. Arizona 1
Con. C.-pn-T : 5
Curtiss 5
I'enn 18'
Dundee '. .. V4
Emma 2
Federal Oil 1
Gaddn 3"h
ireea Monster
Grand Island 12
Globe Com
Hull 50
Howe Sound SVi
Hce'a 44
Jercme Vde Vj
Jerome Victor
Magma Copper 2S'2
Vagma Chief V4
Miami Con ..' 2
Okmulgee .. . . 2
Pitts-Jerome 36
Porphyry 60
Hay H rculcs 4'. 4
Tom Reed 140
Tuolomne 4 90
United Eastern Z
Yerds Extension 37 1
Verde Com u
Wolv... rirona 1
West End 1
v bite Caps 14
Wright Martin 69i
OATMAN.
(3y Cllins and Brethrton)
A no 04 .05
Adams .02
Arizona Rex .15
Ariz-Tom R 02 .05
Big Jim Con 05 .07
rcuidnry Cone .02
f"M ore 06 .07
Gold Road Bon .02
bcld Cliff .15
Lucky Roy .02
Sunnvsidc 02 .0:1
Telluride 04 .06
Tom Reed 1.40 1.40
United Eastern 3.62 3.75
United Northern .02
Red Lion .15
OTHER CURBS.
Gadsden : 3.87 4.00
Green Monster M .50
Butte London 15 .19
Dundee .50 .75
Venture Hiil .04
Pitts-Jerome 36 .40
Jerome Verde 50 .56
Ark-Arizona - 07 .OS
.'orcme Portland .17
Ins-Needles 06 .12
Hu?l CorpT 50 .60
Mstraa Chief . .15 .18
Volv..rlzo:ia 162 1.75
Vrrde Com 50 .62
5' la mi Con 02 .05
Na-joziri Con .35
Con. Coy. Mines 5.00 5.25
Porphyry 60 .65
Calumet A- Jerome 50 .75
Fcalhrr River .1?
WILL IS PROBATED
cliv Hviw 1-asti Wire)
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Sept. 16. The
will of J. T. Bird, president of a local
department store, who died in Colo.
rado ten days ago was filed for pro
bate today. Virtually all cf the $1,200.
000 is left equally to his widow and
daughter.
NATIONAL FOREST TIMBER
FOR SALE
Scaled bids will be received by the
District Forester, Albuquerque, New
Mexico, up to and including Septem
ber 24. 1918, for all the merchantable
"dead timber cf r 11 species except as
herein below reserved, standing or
down, suitable for cordwood on an
area embracing about 2560 acres on
what is locally known as the "Reef,"
within Sections 14, 15, 22 and 23. T. 23
S., R. 20 E., Huachuca Division of
the Coron.tdo National Forest, esti
mated to be 5001) cords, more or less,
of dead wood. Juniper suitable for
posts withheld from sale as cordwood.
No bid of less than 50 cents per cord
will ba considered. Deposit with bid.
JlOo. The right to reject any and all
bids reserved. Before bids are sub
mittad, full infDrmation concerning
the timber, the conditions of sale, and
the submission of bib should bo ob
tained from the Forest Supervisor,
Tiic-i-n, Arizor.i. or Iho District For
ester, Albuquerque, New Mexico. 311
LOS ANOELES
Hotel Lee $1
With Bath.
bix'.h and Figueroa Streets.
MormPates, 75c to J3.00
Gpucl.il Summer and Weekly Rates
All il"pnt cars pass the door. Ilar
asu i j:::ie' ted Cafu next d')nr.
V'M. 3. CLARK, Prop.
I
I
I
LODGE NOTICES
Cards of every fraternal order in the Warren district; giving the essential
facts of each, their meeting nights, their officers end the place of
gathering will be found under their respective headings in these columns.
BISBEE LODGE NO. 718.
L. O. O. M.
meets every JTiaay
uigoi, Moose liaa.
visiting oroincrs uu
dially mvueu.
it. 1. GLEASU1N.
Dictator.
BISBEE LODGE, NO. 10. I. O. O. F.
meets every
Thursday
evening at Odd
Fellows' Hall
Subway street, at 7:30 o'clock. Visiting
brothers cordially invited to attend.
Hall phone 119.
G. A. PLUNKETT, N. G.
LESTER EUSTACE, Sec'y.
PYTHIAN SISTERS
Lily Temple No. 3 meets every 2nd
and fourth Tuesday evening, of each
month at Odd Fellows Hall. Visiting
sisters are cordially invited.
MINNIE BLUM. M. E. C
Phone Black 851.
IDA GLAZE. M. of R. C.
Box 1475
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED
AMERICAN MECHANICS
Meets in I. O- O. F.
Hall First and Third
Satu.-days. Visit ing
brothers welcome.
S. F. BENTON, Councillor.
F. M. WILLIAMS, Rec. Sec'y.
BROTHERHOOD OF AMERICA
YEOMAN
Richard I, Homestead S95, meet sec
end and fourth Tuesdays at Medlgo
vich hall. Visiting Archers are cor
dially invited.
MRS. C. C. F1NLAYSON.
Foreman, P. O. Box 1526.
E. I). ST1NSON,
Correspondent, Box 1196.-
BY LOWER COURT
BUT WILL APPEAL
fHv r.cview Leased W'lrPl
SAN FRANCISCO. Calif., Sept. 17
Thomas J. Mooney, sentenced to be
hanged in connection with a bamb ex
plosion here two years ago, was de
nied permission by the California su
preme court to seek a writ of
error in the United States supreme
court. This was said to be the de
fendant's last move , in the state
courts.
According to McNutt. the permis
sion sought had to be acted on by the
state supreme court before the mat
ter could go to the higher court. In
the opinion today the court said that
if a review is desired of the applica
court it must be sought by applica
tion direct to that court for a writ of
certiorari.
In seeking this last writ the petition
as presented- to the lower court does
not have to be changed, but a full rec
ord of the case must accompany the
petition to Washington, McNutt said.
If the writ is granted the Mooney
verdict will not e overturned but the
case will have to be argued on its
merits, McNutt said.
SIXTEEN INFLUENZA DEATHS
fliy H.-vi. w L-.s-d Wire)
BOSTON, Sept. 17. Influenza has
caused 16 deaths in six hours in great
er Poston today. Several hundred
new cases were reported. Medical
officers said they believed they had
the situation well in hand, but the
e'i.-.ease not being a reportable one in
civil life, the health authorities were
unable to state wit'i accuracy to what
extent it was spreading.
REVIEW WANT AC3
BRING RESULTS
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the interior
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Aitz.,
August 15, 191S.
July 20. 1018.
Notice is hereby given that George
L. Dunn, of Stark, Arizona, who, on
April 17, 1313, made Homestead entry,
No. 0221S7. for V. N. E. 4, W.
S K. l. Section 35 and on Feb. 17,
1315, made additional Homestead
entry, No. 02C7G5, for S. K. Vi N. W.
K. S. V. . S. W. V S. W. V. Sec
tion 35, Township 23 S., Range 22 K.,
G. & S. R. B. Meridian, has filed no
tice ot intention to make three year
procf. to establish claim to the land
above described, before Jared D. Tay
lor. U. S. Comnr.s.-loner, at Bisbee,
Arizona, on tho l'Jta day of Septem
ber. 131S
Inmniit !i:-.mes as witnesses:
Joel II. Ailen.
Cornelius N. Pr..i'o!l
Charles A. Martin, all. throe -jf Here
ford. Arizona
Charles II. Miller, of Lowell, Ari
zona 531 JOHN L. IKVIN. Register.
NOTCE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior
U S Uind Olfice at Phoenix. Ariz..
', July 27. laiS.
Notice is hereby gien that Charles
KueJime. of Stalk. Arizona, who. on
May 10. 1H17, made Homestead entry.
No. :'S(i2. ior N. E ' N. W. Vi. W. -4
N E . S E. N. E . Section 7.
fowuship il-S , Range S3 E, U. & S.
MOONEY DENIED
KNIGHT8 OF PYTHIAS
Rathbone Lodge No. 10
Knights of Pythias,
meets each Tuesday
(except second) in Odd
Fellows' Hall at 7:30
p. m. Visiting brothers
cordially invited.
r':'.V
H. E. W'OOTON. C. C
W. E. McCALLUM. K. of R. S.
LODGE NO. t71
Regular mectlns first and third Fr
cordially invited to attend.
JAS. ALLISON. Exalted Ruler.
R. J. KELLY, Secreury.
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD.
Lowell Camp No. 4b will
meet every 2nd and
4th Tuesday at 7:30
7:30, Finish Hall.
H. C. LANDAU, C. C
O. B. THOMAS. Clerk.
All Woodmen invited.
ORDER OF EASTERN STAR
meets in Masonic Han
Pearl Chapter, No. 6, meets
In Masonic Hajl sejond and
fourth Tuesday ot each
month at 7:30 p. m.
MRS.
EMMA WOODS. W. M.
Phone 161, Box 43. Bisbee
MRS. JESSIE BEVAN, Sec'y. P. O
Box 2299, Chairman Relief Com.
Phone 161.
FRATERNAL OR.DEP OF EAGLES
Bisbee Aerie, No. 173, F. O. E., meet
rirst end third TUESDAYS, 8 p. m
Eaglef Hall. Visitors cordially wet
come.
J. F. WILMOTH. rresder.t.
F. C. FENDERSON, Secretary.
C. I EDMUNDSON, Aerie Physician
FRATERNAL
BROTHERHOOD
T. F. B.
Bisbee Lodge No.
452 meets the 1st
and 3rd Mondays
ot each month at
7:C0 at Medigc
vich Hall. Visit
ing membeis cordially invited.
B. F. MOSS, President.
MRS. C. E. F1NOTTI. Treasurer.
Box 722. Tel. 236, Red.
HONORA MUNCH, Secretary.'
Box 1621.
MODERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA
Bisbee Camp No. 13415.
Meets 1st Saturday
iledigovtch Hall,
i. U MOTZ. ConsuL
J. F. JJATHEWSCN,
Cleric
WEEK ENDING SEPT. 21, 131S
Monday
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday Commandry.
1jry Friday Special
aaiurua
W. W. GIDLEY, W M.
B. T. W ATKINS, Sec'y, F. & A. M.
J. W. TOLAND. E. H. P.
C. F. PHILBROOK, T. I. M.
F. E. BENNETT. E. C.
F. S. DAVENPORT, Secretary Chap
ter and Commandeiy.
W. R.. BANKS. Secretary Council.
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED" STATES OF AMERICA
DREADNAUGHT
L. O. I NO. 210.
meets Jn I. O.
? , . O. F. Hall first
's 'S and third
' it f-3 MONDAY at
.:',H4 7:30 p- m-
isitine broth
ers ' cordially
invited to at
tend. ft'M, T. SMITHAW W M.
ROBERT FERGUS. Secretary
I". O. Pox 426, Bisbee.
R. B. Meridian, has tiled notice ot in
tention to make three year proof, to
establish claim to the land above de
scribed, before Jared D. Taylor, U. S. '
Commissioner, a: Bisbee, Arizona, on I
the 20th day of September, 19 IS.
Claimant names as wituessts:
Mary Brown.
Cormal M. Guins.
Lee W. Comerford.
John M. Ot'.mer. all ot Stark, Ari
zona. 535 JOHN 1.. IRVIN. Register.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior
U. S. Land Olfice at Thoenix, Ariz..
July 17. 111S
Notice is hereby given that William
E. Davis, of Calces, Arizona, who, on
August 3, 1311. made Homestead entry
No. 02.".".40. for Lots ti. 7. K. j S. W.
. Section 6. Township 2.; S , Range
21-rc. (1. & S. R. H. Veridian. has fil"d
notico ot intention to make three year
proof, to rstabli: li claim to tho land
abovn described, before Jared 1 Tay-
lor. V. S. Ciininiiss'nner, at Hi-sbec,
Arizona, on the luth day of Scpu-mber
131S.
Claimant names as witnesses:
R Vincent Davis.
Robert E. To.Id.
John Ashwortu.
Lee Aston, all ot Girtes. Arizona
537 JOHN L IRVIN, Resu-ter.
COLLINS &
BRETHERTON
We Specialize In
JEROME
AND
OATMAN
STOCKS
Jack BIdg., Main Street
Phone 26 Box 1129
C. H. HOGAN
Office Below
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
Phone 121
REAL ESTATE
RENTALS
FIRE INSURANCE
NOTARY
Phone 121
Office Below
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
C H. HOGAN
! Removal Sale
Now on for One Week at
Fruitman's Fashion Shop.
Special Bargain on
Waists, Skirts, Dresses and
Underwear
25 Per Cent Discount on
All Orders for Tailor Made
Garrnents Received This
FRUITMAN'S
FASHIONABLE
LADIES' TAILOR AND FURRIER
Hughes Block opp. Y. M. C A.
Phone 74 . Bisbee, Ariz
GRAPES
By the Ton,. $37.50
First Class
E. M. STEPHENS
South Bisbee Pool Hall
BI33EE TRANSFER,
STORAGE & COAL CO.
Warehouse & Office Opposite Depot
PHONES 640 and 50.
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Sollclis Your
Patronas
PHONE 53
Mcurs;
v'. :7 tv-h C . S t
City Dye Works
Cleaning and Pressing
Phone 7CJ
Cpp. Y. V. C. A-
THE REVIEW
Job Department
will furnish you an estimate
on that job a short notice
HENNESSY
Undcrtaliing Parlcns
PMONK 1
- -
o K 5T.
R-CNiiY TO LOAN
VVr.U!'f :, D.JTentlr.. Jcvc'.-y. Lie.
R'liablo Ho'-sr 19 Cranch btores.
Unitd Loan Jcv-;iry Co.
BtSBEE BREWERY GULC'-t
1
w y v a v a , j r w m r nu l THE EISBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 18, 1918.
FORMER EISBEE
ENTIRELY NEW SHOW
PRIEST PROVING '
HIMSELF A KERO
BRAVES GAS ATTACK TO VISIT,
SOLDIERS AS THEY ARE ABOUT:
TO GO INTO BATTLE AGAINST
FOES OF DEMOCRACY ACCORD
ING TO ADVICES RECEIVED
o r& o t fro
1 ' 34
TODAY-
CONTINUOUS: 1 to 11
-TODAY
JM
STERN DRAMA OF
METRO PRESENTS
i s w x fi i e mm B fl a I
1 ill) 1 U U He-BK-nUH i D U U1 8
B ViA U Nfc U M M -SA KM U U M M 1-1. W Jl. 1 H
WE
AC 1 9
day
I II HI Bill llll IHlllWH "Ifll
roadway
T7
-IN-
'Iff A NANA
9
I k 1W
CLEVER GIRLS
PRICES:
TWO SHOWS, 7 AND 9
35 AND 50c
CLASSY COSTUMES
CHILDREN, 25c
City Briefs
Has anyone visited you? Or
have you entertained? If so, call
The Review after 6 p. m. and tell
the Society Editor, phone 39.
RETURNS FROM DOUGLAS.
Haul U. Romero has returned from
WAS IN. THE. CITY. 'be relieved from this duty. She will
Claries Roberts of Willcox, who wfcs ' continue to work diligently for the
nominated a3 a candidate for-super-j Red Cross, but is transferring tho,
visor on the democratic' ticket at the maua'-emeut of t!!is department lo
recent primary elec tion, was in the 1 Mrs. Osier. There is plenty of wool
city yesterdav. shaking hands with j on hand at the present time.
his manv friends. He will return to
his home in the northern part ol tho
tountv in the morning.
FOR CUTY.
.W. R Hicks, lite elect l ieian. who is
well known n the district, lett last
Douglas, where he has been for a few! evening n the ea;t bound train for
davs on business. JGulf Tort. Miss., v.Uer-i lie has been
SLIGHT RAIN.
A gentle shower of rain fell last
evening, which was sufficient to cool
the atmosphere al'd to lay a little of
the dust that has been such a bother
for the past few weeks. A heavy rain
is repotted to have fallen in the vi
cinity of the Douglas Adobe-;, and be-
The many friends of Rev. Father
Van Coi th.im, s ho was stationed in
the Warren district a few years agJ
and ia.er went to Nogales, will rea;i
with pleasure the following ftory
which has recently reached tnis crun
.try: PARIS. Rev. Father Geo. Van
Goeiham. rector of a little church
at Nodules, Ariz., laboring here ns a
jvoKmiecr Knights of Colu'iibus chr.p-
jluin. recently diregarded cieath when
he heard that Cath.lie soldiers at a
, little; village at the front were .ihout
to go into action, and at tiiat ni;m;eiu
: were; being shelled with gas by the
! foe.
j "Fatlicr Van Goctiiam, wearin:; a
; gas mask helmet managed with the
aid of American officers to make his
I way to the Americ ans and wearing his
jinask, while actually under fire heard
I many confessions ' and administered
spiritual comfort.
"When the men went into battle
this brave K. of C. chaplain pushed
forward to an emergency field hos
pital and waited until the wounded be
gan to arrive. Here he worked day
l:tm! niihf fur n .wcpk when he came
hack here to resume his days in hos
pital work."
he re who will regret to hear of hi3
i death. He has relatives living in Mis
souri who have been notified of his
de:.tu.
! .HenTto Kport . n on Tl Tl
MOVING SLOW.
The official count of tho recent pri
mary will take several days to com
plete and may bring forth a surprise
in the final result. Some of he legis
lative ticket and the supervisors are
running a neck and neck race.
the naval ieserve Ii? t fci a number 'jT ,
weoks. During the past week a nutn-j
ber of Coc hise county boys, who havci
been on the reserve list, have been
culled into the service.
heped that the shower is a forerunner
ANOTHER PARTY.
The dance given at Warren park fo
the permanent blind was a success,
TO GRADE.
Toohey Rrothers are getting ready
to start their work on the eight and
one-quarter mile contract they have
to hnild a natural dirt graded and
drained road from the railroad cross-1
ing, three miles west of Tombstone, 1 es?es for this card party win tie Mine.
of others. The country is in need of
every bit of moisture that can fall.
CROESUS' SECRET OUT.
It has been found that the secret of
Creeses' great wealth was that he al
ways took aiH.'.ntage of ths little ways
and the party Saturtay arternoon at - .,t.u.m.y- lien one
the C o -Try club, for the same bene-1 '
fit. must continue the good work of i JIa
lrlieving tlie helpless condition of the , " " . .. "' ' . .,,.'
blind as far as possible. The nost-i , . ,',., ,.
i fi. ill iiiiitt r.ii'j i i ill !'-. iin luc
to Curtis Flats.
HAVE RETURNED.
Ridgely Hooper, wife
Fttcchere, Mrs. Pronger and Mrs.
Pronger's censin. Miss Crawford.
nad
little WAS IN TOMBSTONE
daughter have returned from Douglas Highway Commissioner Engineer J. i
where they have been visiting for ale. Ryan was i
7.'. cc'itj p i mnntli lletter make it a
yei llir. m-xr time yu pay your sub
r.cripti.iti, tnd get the hifhii cf sav
in.'; the smail amounts.
few days with Mrs. M. Hooper. Mr.
Hooper was formerly with the P.-D.
store at Douglas, but Is now with the
P.-D. store in this city.
F ROM THE HUACHUCAS.
Richard Haverty was in the city
yesterday from his ranch in the Hna
chncas mountains. He reports that
water in the mountains Is already get
ting short and that grass is drying ; COMING ALONG
up anJ that the cattle outlook in that
section is anything bu promising.
in Tombstone yesterday
on business' connected with his offi-
cial duties. He was accompanied by
the Toohey lirothers, and together
jthev made a trip to inspect the work,
to be started on the highway from the
railroad crossing to the Curtis Flats,
the contract for which was recently let
by the commission to the Toohey
Eiotbers.
MANY MEN MANEUVER.
The drill yt the Lowell camp f?oe
merrily on. Monday night a good
s.ven crowd turned rut. The more
advanced men are having drill in com
pany movements, while Hie beginners
are having drill in the school of tiie
scidier. l!etter come down tonight.
No matter v.h:tt your previous experi
ence or lack c.f experience you will
find a class in the same fix as your
self; men in the same stage cf train-
ANOTHER RED CROSS DRIVE.
There is to be another of those ex
c client country dinners given out in
tho Caniile country on next Sunday,
Sept. 22. It will be given at the heme
of Arthur R. Young, and the guests
will gather at the home of R. A. Rodg
ers. Dinner will be served at 12:30.
These dinners are very successful, and
as they are given as a Red Cross
benefit they are alwavs well attended.
I.ccal residents are always there with
" ircod attendance. It is a dandy, fine
drive out there, which takes one over
tee Divide to Tombstone, the Charles
ton bridge, through Buena, Overton,
cut Huacliuea and down the new
road, passing the Pyeatt ranch.
I l,w. nn.l ...... Iw.l.. !... I.n.,
A I11 1( f "S, i:u ,.u 1-amilM ll' iy uul team
rial has been uncovered and is being ! methiug ot value to you when you
ured in the last "stretcli of the state ; p0 to w n j
IN TRAINING CAMP. (hiihwnv as it connec ts up with the in-.
Julian Kl'iott. who was connected; terseetion cf Fremont street in Tomb-CACK TO THE NAVY. j
with The Review as advertising man-i n'rue. From the bridge to tiiat point : I!a" Swain, son of Mrs. G. V. Swain,
aner tor over a year, and left .acre the road will harden after rains have of Tombstone, left yesterday for Uis-
about six months pgi for Los Angeles. ' fallen on it. so that the surface will ton, following n two-weeks' furlougn j
5s now in Camp Pike. Ark., in the of- j rcsmb!e a concrete surface. The spent in Tombstone with his mother,
ficers' rniini::g camp, according to aleirth used carries lots of cement like ?nd family. At Do"tcm he will again ,
AT THE EAGLE.
Rert I.ytell. as the star in the Metro
screen drama, "The Trail to Yester
day," will be seen at the Kagle thea
ter today. He plays the part of a
wealthy youih who for dramatic rea
cii:; toes west and becomes a cow
puncher. Romance, peril, treachery
and loyalty all lie in wait for him,
and there is a series, of absorbing ad
vcn'ne; in "The Trail to Yesterday."
This i;ti:ping photoplay has wonder
ful siciics showing the Grand canyon
cf :h, Colorado mid Arizona cattle
ranch. As Ned Keegles, who later be
toiuc? known simply ns "Dakota," the
cowboy, Mr. Lytell has ample scope
fcr his athletic abilities. Beautiful
Ai'i'u Q. Nilsson plays Sheila, the girl
of his heart.
BE
RT LYTELL
v OF LONE WOLF FAME
(In a 7-Act Picturization of Charles Aldcn Seltzer's Famous Eook)
"The
c a 1 1 j
The Story of a wealthy youth who goes west end becomes a cow puncher and thus starts
the red blooded tale of the western plains.
STAGED AT THE GRAND CANYON AND ON THE RANGES OF ARIZONA.
ALSO -
Pathe Scenic
ADMISSION: CHILDREN, 10c; ADULTS 15c; RESERVED SEATS, 25c-
CATTLEMEN ARE
FACING SERIOUS
LOSS IN HERDS
'".ntT'T? ""'3
Centra
e
letter lh:it wks received heie y ester-. qualities in it.
Tiny
i repcrt to his boat for overseas d'.y.
""d exnects to fooii be on his way to
l RETURN? TO CULVER. t.urope on a suumarme cnaser. mt.
FUNERAL HELD YESTERDAY. John Treu. Jr.. of Warren has re- "wf ' 1 been in tXe navy a'most six j
The funeral services of Jerry Camp-: turned to Cuiver academy tn Indiana, years, ani has advanced considerably, j
bell were held at the Catholic church (where he will resume his studies. This tein? ' first-class machinist. This i
yesterday afternoon at 4 o'clock and! is his second yea' and he has been wa,? bis first visit" here since he ca
were largely attended by the many , nron.cted to a conral. Culver is one ,l'r;1 Kn'I ,:o bas many friends who!
friends of the deceased. The pali-, of . the I irgest mil'f.-.rv .i'cai'er.iies in we:o glad to see him. j
bearers were Messrs. Bretherton. Wll ! Ui? I i.itcni ?tate;, an.l r.ow tLat w-ei
moth, Nichols, SBepphard, Harrington ere at war it has taken on a new WAf BURIED YESTERDAY.
-and Long. i imnwtaccp. Bi.-.bee has had represen-1 Char es Colburn, who was injured
tntion at this admirable institution in nr. accident at the Woolverine mine ,
: for seme time. ' ; cheat ten clays ago and who subse-
! quently died from his injuries, was j
'a position in the art department of j MPS. HOULE RESIGNS. , burl-d vesterday from t'.te Palace un-1
the Phelps-Dodge store in Risbce. Miss j In the future the knitting branc h dcrtpki.H: parlors. The deceased was i
Jamenscn camo here about two weeks ! cf the Red Cross will be in tho rn c!.l timer in the district, coming I
aeo from El Paso and has taken Mrs. hp'-ds -f Mr. John Osier, phone Red here about twenty-five years ago. He 1
Coffy's place in the local store. Mrs. 1709. Mrs. Arthur Houlc has been left a few years ago and went to New
Coffy resigned her position with the fpitl-ful nd untiring in her natriotic Mexico and came back here about six j
stcre last wctk. ! efforts, but feels now that she must nic ago. He has numerous friend-i
ACCEPTS POSITION HERE.
Miss Viola Janieuson has accepted I
today LYRIC THEAT
CONTINUOUS: I to 11
TODAY
IVAN FILM PROUCT.ONS CO. PRESENTS
Oil H0NORw
AT THE CENTRAL.
Kveryone likes stories that are full
of action and thrills. That is shown
by the large sale of boks of that de
scription, which are read with avidity
by persons of every class. Such a
stoty is that of the Pathe play. "The
Hillcrest Mystery," starring the
charming Irene Castle, which will be
at the Central theater today. It i3
tremendously exciting and there is a
mystery in it which has you guessing
from start to finish. You have made
up your mind that you have solved it.
when, blooey! You find that you were
wrrng after all. In the cast with Mrs.
C-tFtie are Ralph Kellurd, who is we'd
known to all who follow the Pathe
uictur. s; W. H. Gi'niour and Wynd
ham Standing. '
ARE SLICHTLY INJURED.
Abe Milburn and Joe Maddern. The
Review tarrfcrs on the Tombstone
C'ruiyo-.! route and also employed at the
V.'e ;ter:i I'nion office, were slightly
injured yesterday afternoon when a
F.u-d truck knocked them from their
m c k s. Hoth boys were riding up
Main street near Hogan & Seed's of
l ice. when a truck driven by a Mrs.
Logan of Cobb's ranch, hit the bi
cycle of Abe Milburn, knocking him
from his wheel, running over his arms
and legs. Milburn was taken to the
Copper Queen dispensary and on an
examination it was found that no
bone -, were broken, but hi body is
ta lly bruisrd. .Maddern was slightly
c.r on tho arms. The accident could
not have been averted, for Mrs. Lo
gan was not able to gain control of the
Makes and although the boys were
well out of the street, Mrs. Ixigan
cculd not stop the truck before it ran
Into tV.e sidewalk.
Featuring LEAH BAIRD, JAMES MORRISON, VIOLET PALMER, EDWARD
MACKAY. A DRAMA OF MYSTERY AND THRILLS
THE WHARTONS PRESENT
"THE MENACE OF I. W. W."
Episode No. 19 of "The Eagle's Eye," in Two Parts
sirTN?ccHAPNui8ent "Looking Them Over."
"SCREEN TELEGRAM"
BALCONY, 5c
MAIN FLOOR, 10c
RESERVED SEATS, 20c
II
ON JURY DUTY.
The fclloiving named citizens of t'o
chi:c county are now serving as trial
juroi-i in the superior cO-'rt at Tomb
stone: Frank Lehman, Courtland: Ryron
.Meirill, St. David: John Logomorsimo.
Ptarc e; James Roberts. Innson; R. G.
Lewis. R, II. Ellis. Willcox; W. A.
F ege, Johnson; John K. Pemberthy,
Gleeson; J. B. Fox. Warren; Win. J.
lavis. W. J. Stewart. Charles lllack
Uirn. Tcnibctone: E. H. Taylor. Mc
Neill: A. Hampe. R'icker; H. Joughlin,
H. E. Downey, E. D. Ileven. Lowell;
Frank Copeland. Joe McGary, J. G.
PerMndis. Ilairv Housen, W. J. Arndt,
II. noclgra"s. J. W. Hunter, H. Y.
Waiminglon, J. F. Randall, Geo. Dun
can, Walter Iiradshaw, W. M. Worth
ington. E. K. Hughes, Mert Pierce, U
A. Urov n. P. F. Prather, P.isbee; J. A.
Anderson. Don l.uis; E. A. Poe, Frank
W. Heath. C. s. I.ee, R. G. Arthur,
John S. Kelly, Douglus.
REVIEW WANT ADS BRING
RESULTS.
f 1) Irene
v.;
FEED IN COUNTY VERY SHORT
AND THOUSANDS OF HEAD
WILL HAVE TO BE SHIPPED TO
BE SAVED, SAY ARRIVALS FROM
OTHER SECTIONS
Therc Is every Indication that the i
cat'lemen of Cochise county are about
to suffer an extremely heavy loss un-.
less they are able to dispose of the ;
majority of their herds or are able to
ship them to pasturage or feeding
grounds. !
The rains of the past ummer have
amounted to but a slight fall. In some
places there is fairly good feed in the
country, but in no section is the
feed good and sufficient to carry the
stock throughthe whiter. Up to the
present time, there 'has been losye. !
but this fall and winter promises to be
a very severe one.
A number of cattlemen are already ;
planning to ship out the majority of
their holdings, but are at a loss where :
to rhip them. There is no feed in '
California and unless they have early
rains there that state promises no re-'
lief. A good rain fell there last week
which may start the feed if other .
rains help it along. The Bakersfield
section, to which thousands of cattle '
are Usually shipped each year, is said 1
to be overstocked at present and feed
ia scarce. (
State Senator Roberts who was in .
the city yesterday states that the i
"rrtern end of the county is bad off
for feed and that cattlemen stand to i
lose more than half of their herds un-1
less they begin to ship at once. In i
fact, shipments have begun already
and will continue until after Christ-1
mas. several thousand head were
shipped last week to Kansas for feed-;
ers and others will be shipped as soon ;
as cars can be secured.
Frank Moson, the well-known cattle-:
rr an of Lewis Springs, was in the
city and he states that the ranges in i
Hit south end of the county are very
dry and that water ho8 and springs j
that have always held water are al-
ready going dry and that the feed is
ranidlv drying up from the heat of the
past few weeks and that it is up to
'hem to get busy and ship o t. He,
stated that he had, been busy for sev-!
eral weeks trying to secure pasturage
in adjoining states, but could see no
r '"t at present
The planting of cotton in the Salt
River valley has taken up a
acreage that was formerly given over! THOVA'ON ENGLISH
to allalfa and used In the winter Tor h'Ro- M- E- THOMAoON ENGLISH
feeding cattle of the Arizona ranges. Expression and Dramatic Art Slu-1
but there Is now but a small percent- dia, Clawson avenue car stop, then i
i;e of room there for feeding the look up to right. Phone Red 420. ,
cattle this winter.
The outlook for thn nresent Is in- voice culture tone Dlacing. 31)6
deed not a very promising one for the !
"nttleinen -of the county. The rains " DANCE-
in the mountains the past summer i C A. Band Dance. Warren Pari.
have hardly filled up the springs and Wednesday and Saturday. Admiul
a n Jmber of them are already going iiton to centa. Ladies fr. Adv. 74'
dry. This is especially true in the !
Continuous, 6:45 to 11
lh, he.it knon. be;t dressed
w crnan in America, is pre-ntej
in the thrilling Pathe PHy
The EftUcre
stery
Imagine a girl, the daughter of a wealthy man. wlicse father is s''ot
almost .before her very eyes; imagine her sweetheart, vluta her
father had forbidden her to marry, caught in the dead of night, sec k
lng to open the library safe; Imagine her ceei.ig her l.iwyc-r s'ruck
down by an unknown hand just a4 he is about to read her father's
will!
Who kiilej her father, her lawyer, and why?
Is her lever innocent?
,JATHE WEEKLY
15and 25c
Admission
15 and 25
rr -tt .jv1?-1 k-
r-fr-
JVniprienn fund French wounded and , orcnlcsal ar.u stomacn trouuie ecu
American committee for devastated ! been.nu.ved to A jo. Arizona.
France. Warren park. September 23. j - W. E. COi'lXAND.
Tickets will be sold on the street Fri-! 207 Western Ag-nt
lAree day and Saturday. 320!
For service Phone iT. McCorneii
Uros. ' S r t
ROCKHILL'3 STAGE
,lveuiB. p.awuiu. , .. ., r - . m . n m 7
PboD BinbcM 6. Adv.
Dr. Playfalr, Osteopath, ii Mason
Hill. Mason car atop. Phone Blue K"V
Adv 231
Huachucas and in Chiricahaus.'
LLOYD GEORGE MUCH
CONCERNED AT STRIKE: and tobacco, etc,
I night.
(rn- Rpvlew lnl Wli-e) ! 109
LONDON", Sept. 17. Greatly
FOR SHERIFF
I hereby announce myself as an in
dependent candidate for the office ot
Ahn-ICF rt Cnohlria PiV.nlV ali1.4.,..
at all hours day or' he'wm of thB voter8 a, ,'he fa pItc.
NOTICE TO MINERS AND OTHERS
I have bought the cigar stand In the I
English Kitchen and will sell cigars
VM. TRUAX. SR.
concerned over the cotton strike,
Premier Lloyd George tonight
from his sick bed Issued an ap
peal to the strikers to return to
work and leave the decision in
the matters under dispute to the
. government, after an inquiry by a
special tribunal, to be Immediate
ly appointed.
The premier bases his appeal
on the fact that the strike will
seriously Interfere with the pro
duction of war material.
L. L. Oilman sells the New Flson
"th phonograph with a aoul."
FOR SALE
Nine room house, completely furn
ished, formerly used as maternity
home. Terms if desired. Mason hill
Call 573 Black for particulars. 58
Hon. to be held on November the Cth.
1918.
FRANK nillGGS
I promise if elected an efficient an.l
Impartial administration.
NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC
The agency for Malgnen Antiseptic
Powder for the cure of .catarrh, I
Richard Glaze, Oph. D.N.D.
Practice Limited to Eye and Nerve
Dleorders.
Phone 1S6. Office and residence
first house west of Masonic Temple,
Main Street Bisbee, Arizona.
Gles fitted by the latest methods.
Business Locals
r
Everything New OPPOSITE DEPOT Everything First Cass
U. S. A. HOTEL
BENEFIT DANCE
For French hospital and refugees,
The Nioti Centrally Located Hotel in Bisbee.
Phone Green -162
ROOMS I'Y DAY. WEEK OR MONTH