...ft
-.
WEATHER.
n r? w
Arizona: Thursday ami
Friday, fair; local ex
cept thnndershowers
r if jr:
t
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service.
VOL. 21, No. 2.
THE B1SBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY MORNING, JUNE 13, 1918.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
J
m- n j
NEWSPAPER
MAN I
IN NET FOR THEFT
OF CROWN JEWELS
Former Clerk in American Le
gation at Copenhagen Is
Snared in Federal Probe for
Russian Gems
(By Review Leased Wire)
DALLAS. Texas, June 12 - 1 Sillim .n
Evans, Texas newspaper man and for
merly clerk in the American legation
at Copenhagen, who was arrested
Tuesday by federal officer on charges
of smuggling, was remanded to tfc
county jail here today In default at
$5,000 bail. A small box bearing me
Copenhagen legation seal for which
federal authorities have been search
ing in connection with the suspected
smuggling or Russian crown jewels
into this country 'as found today in
Evans' apartments. The box, it is
said, was found to contain several un
delivered letters addressed to various
governmental departments at Wash
ington. Evans' hearing was set for
June 24.
The detention of Evans, which did
not become generally known today,
caused much! surprise. He is widely
known in newspaper circles and went
to Copenhagen last December in the
capacity of clerk to the legation. Ow
ing to ill health he resigned his posi
tion and only recently returned to
Dallas and resumed newspaper work.
Judge Harry Miller, counsel for Evans,
said today his client is desirous of re
turning to New York immediately to
assist the government in the alleged
smuggling case. To tlrat end. Judge
MiUer urged that Evans' hearing be
advanced as much as possible.
Evans, according to federal officials.
admits he met on the boat coming to
New York and became friendly with
one or two men iow under arrest in
the east in connection with the Rus
sian crown jewels smuggling case. He
has no knowledge of that case, how
ever, Evans' said. Evans' explanation
of his failure to deliver the govern
ment mail in Washington is that it
escaped his memory- The mail, he
says, was handed him by a fellow
worker in the Copenhagen "legation.
The seal to the box had not been tam
pered with, officers said. Judge Miller
.issued the following statement in be-
'half of Evans:
"The arrest of Mr. Evans In Da 11a 3
was caused by the filing of a warrant
In New York City. He was clerk in
the legation office in Copenhagen and
when he left there to return to the
United States an attache in the office
asked him to bring a box to the United
States, the box to be left in Wash
ington. When Mr. Evans arrived in
New York, in the rush of getting back
to Texas, the box was checked witi
his other baggage to Texas and it was
through carelessness that the box has
not been sent' to Washington. Mr.
Evans did not open the box does not
know now and did not know when the
box was handed to him what it con
tained." YANKEE PATROLS
ENGAGE GERMANS
(By Review Leased Wire)
WITH THE AMERICAN ARMY IN
FRANCE, June 12 (By The Associated
Press). Two American patrols en
gaged German patrols last night on
the Toul pector. the Americans return
ing without losses. The German ar
tillery fire on this front again was
heavy during the night and early to
day and aerial activity increased. ,
The sector east of Lunevilel is- ex
tremely quiet.
ARTILLERY ACTIVITY
WASHINGTON, June 12. General
Pershing's communique tonight said
there was nothing to report aside from
continued artilery activity in tb.3
Woevre and the taking of prisoners by
American patrols in Picardy.
CASUALTY LIST
WASHINGTON. June 12. Today's
army casualty list contained 126 names
divided as follows:
Killed in action, 15; died of wounds,
9; died of airplane acident, 1; died of
accident and other causes, 17; died
of disease, 18; wounded severely, 59;
wounded, degree undetermined, 0;
missing In action, 1.
Among the officers killed in action
wag Lieutenant Malcom Johnstone, Ar
lington, Wash. Private Gamel W.
Clayton, Canyon, Texas, died of dis
ease. Private Frank Richardson of Atlan
ta, Texas, was listed among those died
of "rrident or other causes.
Corporal Nathan S. Sprinkle of
Veiasco, Texas; Privates Fred H.
Campbell of Crowell, Texas; Hardy R.
Ellison of Belton, Texas, and Paul H.
Nichols of Floyd, Texas, weer severely
wounded.
No other man from Texas, New
Mexico, Arizona or Colorado was
named in the list.
DEATHS IN MARINES
WASHINGTON, June 12 A marine
(Continued on Peffe Two)
DIRECTOR GENERAL M'ADOO
NAMES NEW RAIL REGIONS
(Tiy Review Leaseo! Wire)
WASHINCTON, Juno 12. Territory
west of the Mississippi river was i -
vidod todav bv Dim-tor Ceneral Mc-
lAdoo into three railroads operaiin:;
regions with R. II. Aishton. director , ami tne Missouri nnoy.
of the northern portion headquarters ! Roads in Two Divisins
at Chicago; Hale Holden. president of The roads placed iji the oonli.il
the Burlington, director of the cent I..1 western region include: Atel,i..n. T
dlvision. headquarters at Chicago, and peka & Santa Fe: Chica.o. Rar
B. F. flush, receiver for the Missoari ; Island ., Pacific (except St. Louis to
Pacific, director of the southwestern ! Kan -as City linos oast of El Bono,
division, headquarters at St. Louis. , linos El Reno 10 Memphis and brancn-
Later a district manager will be.es, and south of Chikasha); Chicago,
named for the Pacific Coast. Burlington & Quiney; Colorado &
Nw Seven Divisions Southern; Denver Rio Grande; i:i
This reorganization of the west Paso & South Western system; South
brings the number of operating re-' ern Pacific lines (west of Kl Paso and
gions to seven, with a director at tue'Ugoen. except norm 01 Asmana, ure
head of each, responsible for active igon); Union Pacffic; Western Parifie.
management of all roads in his terri
tory and answerable to Director Gen
eral McAdoo only in the broadest mat-
i.n r nolicv. It is considered prob-!
able that no more regions will be I veston. Harrisburg & San Antonio;
created j Houston & Texas Central; Houston.
Mr Aishton. who heretofore has had East & West Texas; International .
supervision o" the entire west, now Great Northern; Missouri Pacific sy.
will have rinlv the lines running west.t.m: Rock Island linos (south of
and St. Paul to the nrth Pacific coast
and miner linos in tne nistnc: "i..
Holden who will resign connection
with the Burlington corporation will Texas & Pacific: Texas & New Or
have charge of most other transeontin-1 loans; Texas Midland.
Borah's Treaty Measure Hasj,
Sudden Defeat
WASHINGTON, June 12. Explana-1 crandum was written March 12, alter
tion by Persiednt Wilson today that ' introductcion of the Borah resolution
his call fcr open diplomacy, made in j and was made public as a result of
an address to congress last January, the argument in the senate yesterday
meant not public discussion of deli- ever what the presid'ont meant. Nine
cate matters, but "open, above board i teen republicans and four democrats
and explicit publicity of completed in-jvotd for the adoption of the amend
vestigations. was followed by defeat in ; ment. while fourteen renublirans join
the senate 50 to 23 or Senator Borah's i ed thirty-six democrats in its rejec
propcsal for public consideration ofjticn.
treaties. 1 With the rcra'i amendment in the
Rejection of the Borah plan aT , discard, attack was renewed on the
vanced as an amendment to the new Underwood cloture rule, despite ne
rule proposed by Senator Underwood ceotance by Senator Underwood cf a
of Alabama, to limit senate debate substitute rule ofefred by Senator
during war," paved the way for action , Cummins to alolw one hour and a
on the Underwood resolution. An half to each senator for debate during
agrement to vote at 4 o'clock tomor-! the war on bills cr resolutions and
rew afternoon was reached. ' providing extension by majority vote.
President Wilson's own ' interpreta-1 Rejeotcion, 40 to 29. of an amend-
tlon of his cpen diplomacy declaration '
was made known in a memorandum to .
Secretary Lansine, read to the son-'present year, was regarded bv the j wh0 kept his vessel on the surface for 1 William D. Haywood, writing to Grif
ate by Chairman Hitchcock of the j advocates of cloiture as indication of j two days while transferring to the U-1 fin- -informed him of the strike in the
foreign relations commltte. The mem-! final adeptien of the mcdified rule. jboi'.t eighty tons of copper from the ! lumber districts.
r'ivm.iiTi A cl'O GrtfsjrilinvH J ..of,
yjermUilll fltO OUclItUi U JUUlllb I
.
A rfPTIPTlTlnn fJf TtIP r'TflflPr lnP1nPnTiKea. . ".l"al Vl
(By Review Leased Wire
AMFTERDAM. June 12. Germ my .
has lodged a complaint in Washington
UUU aantru 1UI pairfiuaius aniiif-i nu. ii
excesses as led to the lynching of ,
.Robert Paul Prager 8t Collinsviue.
Ills., on April 4. according to a Wolff
bureau teleeram from Germanv onot-'
bureau telegram rrom uermany quoi
ing Privy Counciler Simons in replying'
to a questipn asked by Herr Mueller '
or Meiningen in the Reichstag. ',
Privy Counclller Simons is quoted as
follows: j
"The lynching of Prager is a fact!
and was committed for no other rea-
son than that Prager was a German
and sympathized with the Gorman government must, under all ctreum
cause. " The Swiss minister at Wash-' stances, see that such tilings do not
iington has lodged a complaint and
Food Administration Asks Nationw j i rnjoi ATIinc
To Limit Weekly Beef Consumptionlfl LLuIOLttlUuL
(By Review Loosed Wire)
WASHINGTON, June 12. To meet
the needs of the American and allied
armies and the civilian populations of
France, Great Britain and Italy, the
American people were asked by the
food administration today to place
themselves on a limited beef allow
ance from now tsntil next September
15.
Householders were requested not
"under any circumstances" to buy
more than one and one-quarter pounds
of clear beef weekly, or one and one- service to our armies and the allies
half pounds including the bone, for if our people will in some degree . uh
each person In the household. stitute fresh pork, bacon, ham a 11 i
Hotels and restaurants were asked sausage for beef products."
President Wilson
Prohibition to Appropriation BillttZu
WASHINGTON, June 12 While not j
nnnoRPil to introduction of anv sonar- ,
ate prohibition legislation senators i
map see fit to offer. President Wilson,
It became known today, is opposed to :
attaching any prohibition amendments
In ..d nnri.lnn I.IH. I
vvr ',iiuui afj J i i ial ivtu uina(
It was learned today that the presi- ;
dent not only opposes the Randall !
amendment to the emergency agricul-!
tural bill, which would prevent the
expenditure of about $.,000,000 until presidont.it Is understood, has no ob-!j(;lily npnili-rs declare they will ad
he prohlbitsuse of foodstuffs for the . joction. I oiirn next Saturday, driven away by
Roosevelt Appeals
(By R.vlow Leased Wire) his address to the graduates of Imll
BLOOMINGTON. Ind., June 12. ana university hero this morning. Col
"There must be no little Germany, no cm.-l Roosevelt said there is no room
little England or little Italy in Amer-' in this country for any but "full Amer
ica, or anything else but America leans," and that only the English lan
here," Colonel Roosevelt declared in , gunge should bo taught mid spoken.
t.nta! trunk !ins. and the Illinois dis-
' triot. Mr, Push, who nl .o will resi.n
,f.oiii (tie Missouri Pacific is to direct
toll numerous linos running southwest
, from the St. Louis district into Texas
The southwestern region includes:
Fort Worth & Denver City; Fort
Worth & Pio Grande: Gulf.Coloradi
& Santa re: unit toast lines; i.ai-
Cbiekasha, El Reno to Memphis and
nranruss unu m. .oms iu na.iMin
City). P.n Antonio & Arkansas Pass;
Before Senate
ment by Senator Ciallrnger of New
Hamoshire. to restrict cloiture to tlieilt-ir of a fiermnn submarine rantal:
T"l T t
- Kj
asked for safeguards against such ex-
cesses.
1 ne n:tpa h'atos wn ion is a irgea-
interest of humanity, bears the main!,, thp vinneKgen oargo, said members
responsibility for tho crime. The
American government permuiou oor-
men hatred t0 ,1,e fanned amongst the
AniPr,, an PP0Pj- The American gov-1
ernn,ent nlus, find wavs to protoct the:
riK,s.and libortios of Germans ,n
America. '
"The German government has re-1
neatedly made known, throueh the
Swiss minister, that progress in this I
matter should be accelerated, what-
ever the conditions in the United
States mav be. The United States
occur again.
I
not to serve boiled beef more than two I
meals weekly, beef steak more than j
one meal weekly and roast beef more !
than one meal weekly. )
"The demand for boof for our army '
the armies of the a.Ties and the civilian
populations for this summer," said the
food administration's announcement.
"are beyond our present supplies. On
the other hand, we have enoueh in-1
creased suuulv of Dork this summer to !
nermit economical exnansion of its
use. It. therefore, will be a
direct i
Opposes Hanging
1
I
manufacture of beer and wine, but also I
onnnsos the bone drv nrohihitinn nro-!
vision which Senator Jones of Wash-1
;ington. has introduced. Senator Smith !
of South Carolina, acting chairman of;
the agriculture committee l.as been I
1, orl r. .. . h I - i 1. fl iron no I . ir 1,1 1 ... I r, o
t r n j u.v in-. . iiv.v. lunula I
ti.m of all prohibition amendments. j
To the introduction of prohibition
bills as soparate measures to bo fought
out in both houses on their merits, the I
for Americanism
AMERICAN .STEAMER:
ESCAPES SEA WOLF
AFTER HARD CHASE!
Braving Shell Fire and Tor
pedo, Captain Puts on All
Steam; U-Boat Quits Chase
Near Shore -
(I!v Review Le.-scd W!r
AN ATLANTIC l'OUT. June 12.
How he American steamer Edward j
Pierce escaped both shell tire and a
torpedo from a Gerniun submarine off
ti.o Virginia capes Monday night in 1
.stern chase that ended or.Iy when
coast lights were sighted, was related
here today by Captain Wade master
of the vessel. The attack came soon
after the Norwegian steamer Henrik
Lond was sunk 120 miles east of Cape :
naiteras ana prouaoiy was iiiuuh uy
the ra-ne submarine.
Captain Wade said his first warning
of tho presence of the sea wolf was
i in a flash of light and a shell cross
bow. It was dark and the
ecided that he would depend
and speed to save his shin,
All steam was crowded on the vessel
ana a zig zag course as run. 1 ne ; longer of any value and that they
submarine continued to fire but the.woul(, forswear allegiance to the
markmanship of the gunners in the I ,.,,' .... aml 8iKnp,i DV certain
darkness was poor.
Poor Marksmen
Finding his guns unavailing tne
n . . ... i ; n-,i '
launched a torpedo but it went wine,
though the captain and members ot
tho ofew saw it pass their vessel at a
rnni,l c.nj.ort Tho rh laatort fnr
hours the 'submarine evirieiiMv draw -
ing off when the coast lights came
into view.
Captain-Wad? said his wireless calls
were answered by the Cape Sable
Neva Scotia station and the American
steamer Walter U. Noyes. The latter
vessel reported on its crrival here that
I it had sighted what was believed to
have been a submarine but the Noyes
was not attacked.
DIVER TAKES COPPER
NEW YORK. June 12. The audac-i,"h
'Norwegian steamship Vinneggen,
whkh was ha'tod 120 miles off Cape
Hatteras, was described tonight by 01-1
fiacre, of tho frtli'litpr The Vinnoff-Mflrlc
.- - - -7
Ltiiiu, ai- a ;sui wcfiitui MT.in.iiup,
were brought to this port aboard the
I steamship I'.rosund after their crait
hai! boon slink by tne teiitonratder.
The Henrik Lund hove in sisht and
was signalled by the submarine just
I as tho latter was fini-shing its looting
i:f the crows. The German command-
er ordPred both the ship's companies
,nto their boatg and spnt the two ves.
, bottonl wjth bombs,
rntai,. p,,stad of the Vinneccen
anCaplai KateborJ of the Henrik
Lund were interviewed here by naval
orfi(.iais fhe crews comprising sixty-
pij,ht nien most of ,.non, are Chinese,
were turned over to the immigration
authnrities
J
JIM HEAT WAVES
PHOENIX,. Ariz., June 12. The
house today passed the bill extending
the franchise to citizens of the state
of voting aee now or to be in the mil-
itary or naval service of the Unit. 1
States. The senate put the house
itai punishment resolution under way
and will give expression on it iu the
committee of the whole toman
committee of the whole tomorrow
Tne house showed a disposition hos
tile to the senate bill creating a conn
cil f defense and spent the greater
I'art 01 ,ue "ay considering one or its
own. 1 ne test will come tomorrow
when a choice must be made between
the two. It is now conceded that neith
er bill can be put through with the
emergency clause attached.
A temperature of 111 in the legisla
tive chambers this afternoon inclined
the members to an earlier adjourn-
and it was predicted that the
ssion would close with the week.
LEGISLATIVE DEAOLOCKS
Sn.-cmi t ti.o Hevle ;
I IIUtMA, Ariz.. June 1. I noro
' ' u " pnN-ci u-uui-i k , V!
, " .. ' e s,n,ue ann ,""8e-, .., I
--" . u-iwi-.ui.i..
!no"c!; 10UB.e. n:'s aHrovpl "e ,nH,t is
" ""u"' l H"'WU.il 1.....1
. .
" n,ihirth,"'otlc reHluti,m has
.. ,hrml..,, h, hollsps uhi(Il ,hlis
, .,,, -,, mi ti,.ir ,io on.,
., .w" i,.i n,,i. ia"
an unprecedented June heat wave.
FIX PRUNE PRICES
(llv Roview Leas, it Wire)
WASHINGTON. June 12 Maximum
prices of S-i cents per pound not to
prune growers and cents per pound
to growers of raisins for the lfllS
crop., wore annnuiued tonight by tho
fond administration.
Yankee Fighters
Play Ball in
Hyde Park
LONDON, June 12. American
sailors and soldiers may play base
ball in Hyde Park. Sir Alfred
Mond, first commissioner of works,
today signed a permit giving this
authorization. The games will be
staged on the parade grounds op
posite the guards barracks every
afternoon. This parade ground was
at the site of the first world's fair
ever held, the exhibition 1851 and
the famous crystal palace was
erected on the spot where the
American diamond will be laid out.
It was later transferred to its
present site in a London suburb.
This is the first time in history
that a permit has been issued for
the playing of any game in Hyds
Park.
L W. W. FORSWEAR
0. S. ALLEGIANCE
! CHICAGO. June 12. A resolution
j ,irawn ud in 1915 declaring that the
j rjghis of American citizenship are no
! residents of Rockford, Ills., was intro
duced as evidence at the trial of 110
1 w. w. on a charge of violating the
espionage laws today.
The document was said to have been
drawn up as a protest against the
I execution oi josepn nuiHiroiu uiier ms
! conviction of a charge of manslaughter
in Utah.
Invade City Schools. (Wednesday. The communication aiSO;iine neici iirnuy au-ougn some ruruy
Correspondence passing between asserts that the territory on the op-1 detachments succeeded in filtering in
Charles R. Griffin, of Seattle, and other I posite side of the river, near where i to the Matz valley through the wood-
1 1. W. W. leaders was then read. In
cnc letter Griffin sai; "we are pre-
paring for some big doings here over
the Christmas holidays. I am post
ing a high school lad so he can lecture
or? the I. W. W. in school. The teach-
pra in rharpp Are Erninc to hava their
! nnnila dispuss tho subject 'Whnt i
, ...
i 11 - .... .
1 nqre is a Dig sinne on now among
I the lumber workers. Wish it could be
made general and that every lumber
in the country would null work
I ... Vi. i i 1 V 7.
; Cm..iu3 lur m-ner couu-
; iiijiih in iii luiuuer iup are ussureu,
I the hours shortened and their wages
increased.
ATTACK RED CROSS
(SiKTial to Th Ki-vte w)
CHICAGO, une 12. The I. W. V..
1111 -ouu.il 111 suameiessi.ess Deiorit,ie counter-attacks cf
juue. ianuis yesieruay. u revoaiea
irs.lf as possessed rf a leminir.e auxil
iary. Individual accepVm of such
aid as the evidence disi'losei' meets
ith doII'h atttnticn in .'".ctt any civ
ili.ed community.
1.. I ho bale of lettr:i .Teao ihto the
.L .
thl 11'! ixp'iiieiit..
. Ti
va or.a in which
record at the tri-l o' t
of tli Bolshevism w
Art.-1!'- 3'iiith repont-f tc j 11110s Row
an that a strike had been won in a
northwestern city by co-operation with
woiven of the underworld.
I That brilliant stroke seemed to have j
I out-Bolsheviked anything theretofnr
j conceived, as Rowan, an official of tha
I organization replied that "it was a
'combination hard to beat."
1 Poison and Arson
i After that it was easier to undor
: stand the mentalities behind all th i
documentary evidence of a 001111110:1
understanding to rosist the draft. Nor
did a bottle of cyanide of potassium,
! containing enough poison to wipe out
a company of soldiers, and a v ial -f
phosphorus sufficient to set a few
1 million dollars worth of slow fires
cap-'seetn out of place in the proceedings.
The bottles were sent through the
mails to Millbank. S. D., whose police
j had annoyed the I. W. W.,to a point
whore Stanley Brown wrote to Ted
(Contlnuod on Page Two)
GERMAN BELITTLES
AMSTERDAM. June 19 A great
part of the French army has been
beaten. General Von Stein, the
Prussian war minister declared in
n speech to the Reichstag, ac
cording to Berlin advices. "The
so-called Foch reserve army no
longer exists," the minister as
serted. "The success of the
crown prince's carefully prepared
attacks against the French and
British on the Choniin IX-s Dame .
front on May 27th inflicted one of
the grentost defeats the entente
has suffered during the entire
wa r."
(loonral Von Stein said the num
ber and strength of the American
troops up to the present was far
below what reports spread by the
entente had led Germans to ex
pect. He saiil American troops
bad made their appearance on the
battle field, but only at the mo
ment when the Gorman advance
had come to a halt on the Marno.
"Thov. too. like the French re
serves." be declared, "were thrown
into the battle in vain counter
attacks and suffered tho same
fate."
FRENCH EVAWHUNS LAUNCH
f "5 us
OLD ELSEWHERE; m m
Summary of War Situation
Discloses Futility of German
Attack Over Entire Allied
Defensive Lines.
I Farther gains have been made by 1
I the French troops in the fighting in
the region between Montdidier ana
Noyon, where in addition to the cap
ture of terirtorv near Belloy and St.
Maur. the center of tho line. 400 addi -
tional Germans have boon made pris -
icner and some guns and machine guns 1 WITH THE FRENCH ARMIES IX
I have been taken. Numerous Gorman j FRANCE. June 12. (By the Associat
j counter attacks have been repulsed, j p,, pre.ss.)on a width of battle front
but the enemy succeeded at one point I . 00 yara9 n extent no fewer thau
I in crossing the Matz river. (i)ur Qerman divisions (more than a'V
j On the eastern side of the Oise river fM,0 men) were pl.e,iaiinK to hit a hard
the French have carried out a strategic I bIow when tne .re( h vosterdav
! retirement along the line of Belloy, j ,aunche(j highly successful counter
Tracy L.e ai. ami .-ampcei. "- Uttack southeast of Montdidier The
served by the enemy. 'density of the German troops was fa-
Forther south, north of the Marne. u, for them because the entente allied
in the region of Chateau Thierry the arti,,er mal.nine guns, riflemen and
French have recaptured the village i avjjtors were abIe t0 al mpnint ,)!ank
of Montcourt and a portion of the vil-i Re mto ,bese masse3 of meI1. Th
lage of Brussiares. concentrated fire did terrible execu-
Eva,cuate Positions tion.
In violent fUhting botwen the Aisne . ... ,hr.,,-,hnt the
river and the forest of Villers Cot -
terets the enemy made slight gains !
against the French.
The French forces operating on the
" 11 l"c "T, .r'TC ' r:
Noyon have evacuated the Cariepont
Wood and the Germans are closely
i,rAmr them southward, according
, to the German otifcial communicati6n
j the Matz enters the, stream, has been
I cleared of allied froops.
Nowhere else alone the battle front.!
running from Montdidier to Uie region j hack by sheer force of numbers
around Noyon. is any claim made to Eventually the enemy succeeded in
further advances bv the Germans. On I gaining a little ground but at the cost
the contrary, the latest ccmmunica-J of a fearful sacrifice,
tion shows that the enemy every-' Sonth of the river Oise and als-j
where has been busily engaged in at-! scuth of the Aisne the Germans show
tempts to hold back the French and j ed nvxh activity, endeavoring to re
cther allied troops, among them some! duce the allied salient.
Americans. The spirit of the allied i ifantrynu u
Evades Repulse in Report when they went forward in their co in-
No mention is made in the com-. ter attack yesterday was very high , .
municatioii of the allies having ad-! though they know the enemy lat rvr:
'onAt thofi front ou.it fn Mrr and
' .. . .. ,
.tneuenus wooaoror tne repulse oi
vloIent German attacks along the Ar -
onde river and at the Loges farm and
Antheuil. Neither is there any men-! made in the first days of the baitlo,
tion of the fact that the enemy not-itbe allies dashrd forward with, if im
withstanding his numerous attempts. ' sblo, augmented ardor.
has been unable to debouch sout.i of
the Matz river.
The communication asserts that all
the allied
forces have been repulsed and that
moy suuoreu nea.y cnsuaiiu-s. ii,ni of (h(J batfle ber -een Vomdidi.r
declared the number of prisoners : anJ ,he oisf pnow. fat on Sull,,.,y
laiten d.v uenerai ion nuiiors arm.
has now risen to more than 13.000. It 1
has been admitted that the position
of 'he defending line on the west bank
. ., ... . . ,.
'of the Oise river was a delicate one.
1 ... . .. . ,.
! ..!., .i.. ...... k. ... r- . J
1 1. CP r - f li D flntiirt riv I hi 1 . rri n
...i..a .,,,.,. .... .... v.-. ..-...
of the outflanking hills to the west.!
and a successful drive thrcugh the
Cariepont Wood on the opposite sid"
; of the stream, seomin-ly would have
necessitated a strategic retreat if the ,
troops wore not to be entirely cut off. ;
Americans in Breach !
Southwest of Montdidier. where tho
alltiirt forces on TupsHhv in violent I
ccunter attacks, made notable gains 1 "Hack was about to begin were s-ir . id
against the enemy. American troops ! ic .dot'P formations, tne urst lin be
have been thrown in the frav but how iE just sufficiently uiannrt to uclay
manv or to what brsnc'i of" the serr- itn enemy's rapid progress ami! action
iic they belong has not vet boon ir.di- developed, and In the meantime f ill
oated. To the north i f Montdidier the ! 'g hack, fighting to the re.U lino ot
Germans several times have tried to! defense.
drive out the Americans from the vi!-! Retake Villages,
lage of Cantiuny. but each time th.y 1 Owing to his great strength tho en
have boon repulsed. One party of forty I cmy succeeded in forcing his way
Germans was routed by the revolver j through a depression forming tne eu
fire of the defenders of the village. I ter of the allied position but the flank
Northwest of Chateau Thierry the 'had more strength. Th main t.lijec
Germans have thrown figve division. ; tives for the first day were Tricot.
(Continued on Tage Two)
Other American troops, the min
ister said, are on quiet sectors.
"The entente are beginning to
admit heavy defeat. Voices already
are making themselxes heard 'n
entente countries that Russian
treachery is to blame for the en
tente's heavy defeat. That Is grat
itude to a former ally which bled
to death for Knelaud. It was not
the disintegration of Russia that
was responsible for the entente's
defeat. It must rather he said
that the help of Russia the crush
OFFICIALS ATTEND WEDDING
LENOX. Mass., June 12. Mrs.
Alfred Gwynnc Vanderbilt was
married at Holmwood. her country
honin heer lte today to Raynion I
T. Baker, director of the United
States mint. Because of a heavy
thunderstorm the ceremony took
place in a large reception halt,
and not on the lawn as planned.
Mrs. Reginald (". Vanderbilt
wns maid of honor and United
States Senator Tinman of Nevada,
AT IMDIDIEII
Density of Hun Formations Is
Fatal to Them; Machine
Guns and Rifles Mow Down
Advancing Germans
1 k
l
1 , . ' n . . .v hnll ,t , . mor
ing when the entente allien made
further advance to the east of Mery.
I which is a most important point it
commands the valley.
, '
Line Holds Firmly.
Towards the center the enemy
j launched several attacks today but the
j country
Yard by yard he French fought
while the Germans tried to push them
1 1' . m waa tiivpr:)t tmp4 thfir stnur!"r
. ... -
in nuniDers. u nen me enemy as skmi
!tc be retiring, although still making
a fierce fight in order to hold his gains
FOURTEEN DIVISIONS CHARGE
WITH THE FRENCH ARMY IN
FRANCE. June 12. (I'.y Associ.itotJ
j prejia ,i)ptails cr.cernl:ig the begin-
,, ,,,- r.or,a H:vi,i,.,i
morning fouitecn German
(about lflil.i'uO men joined in tho first
1 , 7""f,. '
, visions were detailed to
' ' " , .. ..,,
: tho center of the rem
onslaught. Of those.
five chosen tii-
break through
tho center or the rreucn line. ir-es
1
-0!.Qt of nmrl la...
1 mi. iuvi 1 - f "ti - vi r,. .... -
ers.
All the units engaged had bcii
brought to fullest strength hav!ni ln-en
loinfurced after the March ;'ii-i May
offensives. Since the beginning of the
battle other divisions have bocn
thrown into the line.
The allies, who suspected that an
(Continued on Pag. Two)
YANKEES
ing of which claimed a great part
of our forces, hitherto bad en
abled the entente to resist us mil
itarily. "The entente is fully conscious,
of the seriousness of its position.
It openly admits melting away of
its troops and comforts its pooplo
with having the help of Aineri.ii.
The belief in American assistance
Is being systematic .illy gra.te.l
into the French people to arouse
then to a continued endurance of
useless bloodshed.""
best man. The ceremony was per
formed by the Rev. Benson N.
Wyman, pastor of the Lenox Con
gregational church, who read the
Episcopal sen ice.
Among the guests were Secre
tary of the Treasury Wm. G. Mc
Adoo and Mrs. McAdoo; Joseph
P. Tumulty, secretary to the pres
ident and Mrs. Tumulty; Mr. ant
Mrs. Baker left touight for California. i
'.
TWO
THE BISBE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY MORNING, JUNE 13, 1918.
HUSBAND'S SHOTS
FATAL TO WOMAN
Mrs. Anna Yates, wife ot H. M.
Yates, who was shot twice through
the abdomen and once through the
breast by her husband following a
quarrel between the two in the latter'
room at the Ponaio apartments Tues
day night, died at 10 o'clock last night.
Funeral arrangements will be an
nounced today.
Mrs. Yates was shot after she had
gona to the room of her husband in an
effort to make peace with him. The
couple had been quarreling tor more
than a year. After the husband rial
shot Mrs. Yates, he turned the gun
on himself and fired one ball through
his heart, dying almost Instantly.
Rnth Yntea and Mr VitM had heen
residents of this district for several !f covering detachments, who masked
years, and both were, well known. our movement to the enemy. In the
; region of the Haute Braye we repulsed
i on enemy attack and took prisoners.
South of the Aisne desperate en
gagements, in which the fighting was
hand to hand, took place between the
river and the forest of Villers Cotter
ets... Our troops offered spirited resist-
jance to the attacks of the enemy wob.
According to word received last ev- J made slight progress on the plateau
cning from Douglas, the new city coun-! west ot the villages of Dominieres and
til there appointed O. Jones, a form- jCutry. All his efforts against Amb
er city councilman, as chief of police i teny and St. Pierre Aigle failed.
to succeed James East, who has been ' "North of the Marne our troops oo-
getting a foothold on the southern
bank of the Matz river, occupying the
village of Melicocq and adpoining
heights.
The text of toe statement reads:
"Between Montdidier and the Oise
the enemy renewd his pressure dur
ing the day. On our left all his at
tempts to wrest from us our gains of
yesterday failed.
Take More Prisoner.
"We made progress in the region of
Belloy wood and St. Alaur and took 400
additional prisoners, as well as num
erous cannon and machine guns. On
the front of St. Maur-Auteil there was
no change.
"On our right the Germans renewed
their attacks along the Matz river.
After several attempts, which cost
them heavy losses .they succeeded in
gaining a footing on the south bank
in the village of Melicocq and on the
heights of Croix Ricard. -
"East of the Oise our troops on
Monday carried out a withdraway on
the line of Bailly Tracy-Le-Val and
west of Nauipcel under the protection
New Chief Police
For Douglas
filling that position since the resigna
tion of W. Kirby some time agi.
Jones retired as a member of the coun
cil last Monday night. He was from
. the second ward. There has been some
opposition to East but it was not ex
pected strong enough to cause another
in be annotated to the nlace.
port also stated that there would prob-
cupied Montcourt, the small woods
north of Eloup and the southern part
of Brussiares."
HAIGH'S REPORT BRIEF
LONDON, June 12. Field Marshal
Halgh's report from British headquar-
The re-Uers in France tonight says:
The French troops carried out a
ably be a number of changes In the i successrui raid last night in the neigli-
members of the force now that Ea3t ; oornood ot Locre.
was out as most of the men. were "Nothing of special interest occur
placed on fhe force by Tast with the j red during the day on the British
consent of the council. East has a! front-"
numoer oi uieuus m iuis uioiun wuu
will regret to hear that he was not j
reappointed. j
TEUTONS LAUNCH FOUR
DIVISIONS ON ALLIED
LINE NEAR MONTDIDIER
ONLY LOCAb ENGAGEBENT6
BERLIN, Via' London, June ,12.
"There have been local engagements
j on the battle field n firth west of Noyon
j and south of the Aisne," says the Ger
jman official communication issued this
! evening.
(Continued from Page One)
Mery and Belloy. The Ius: two they
managed to capture &tt Monday,, after
terrible fighting, but Ahetr' nold -was
but temporary, for tho French, with
wonderful dash, came back yesterdcy i mans are making advances along this
and forced them to retirfe. sorely pun-' Important line.
CLAIM ADVANCE
BERLIN. Via London, June 12.
The French have evacuated Carlepont
wood on the east bank of the Oise, ac
cording to the announcement by Gen
eral headquarters today and' the Ger-
ished.
The second day's objective was Com
piegne, but his arrival there was pre
vented and he is still some distance
away.
It is the general impression that the
The statement reads:
"There have beenartillery duels of
varying intensity. The Infantry activ
ity has been limited to reconnoiter
ing engagements.
Army of the German crown prince:
we followed the retiring enemy beyoutl j
Carlepont and Caisnes and, fighting i
our way forward, reached a line rim- '
sing north of Bailly, through Tracy- j
L.e-vai to .Nanipici.
"Obstinately and regardless of sacri
fices, the enemy kept up his vain at
tacks northwest of Chateau Thierry.
Several assaults here broke down with
sanguinary losses."
LONDON
LCOMES
YANKEE PATROLS
ENGAGE GERMANS
'Continued from rage One)
corps casualty list issued today con
tained seventeen names, showing; elev
en men killed in action; two died of
wounds and four severely wounded.
Captain John Blanclifield of Brooklyn
died of wounds. Private Alexander
Halpain of Dallas, Texas, was killed
In action. No other man from Texas,
Colorado, New Mexico or Arizona was
named in the list.
ISSUE SECOND LIST
WASHINGTON, June 12. A second
marine corps casualty list today con
tained the names of four private killed
and two officers severely wounded in
action. The officers were Colonel Al
bertus W"! Catlin, Washinpton, D. C,
snd First Lieutenant Albert P. Bas
ton, St. Louis, Park, Minn.
Private Wm. H. Boyle, of Houston.,
Texas, was killed in action. No other
man from Texas, Arizona, Colorado or
New Mexico was named in the lis.
BARS MEN WITH DEPENDENTS
WASHINGTON, June 12. National
guard enlistment regulations made
public today forbid the aceptanee of
married men or men with dependent
relatives unless it is demonstrated that
such dependents will be provided for.
Inspectors are instructed to see that
tne rule is tololwed.
To demonstrate his eligibility for
...... ,ri .. itli A nonilont n
must sign as a part of his enlistment FRENCH EVACUATE
contract a statement showing mat nib
dependents have other means of sup
port than ui3 civil income; that the
authorized the allotment of not less
that one-half of his pay to such de
pendents in the event of his unit bein
called for federal service and that he
has agreed not to ask for his discharge
from the service at any subsequent
time for any reason relating to the
AMERICAN FORCES
Oiv Review Leased Wile)
LONDON, June 12. Major Sir Ran
dolf Littlehales Baker, chairman of the
British committee for "entertaining
American soldiers" explaining the
plays of his committee to British
newspaper representatives today said:
"The presence of American soldiers
in our midst is a great opportunity.
We must make the most of it. If there
is any great good that may come out
of all the evils of this war it is in
the union Tor all the future of our two
great Anglo-Saxon nations. Extend
ing the right hand of fellowship to
these men is the finest thing we can
do toward breaking down any barriers
that may have existed in the past be
tween the United States and Great
Britain.
"It is the duty of every person in
the British Isles to do everything in
his power to assist.
After announcing the general
scheme of public entertainment pro
posed. Sir Randolf outlined a plan for
private hospitality for American
wounded and men on leave, who will
be taken into English homes for a
period of three days or more. The
committee, he said already had an
enormous number of offers of such
hospitality. It is proposed that sal
diers to be entertained in private
homes in England shall be recom
mended by their commanding officers
and then turned over to the central
Qomraittee at London, which will dis
tribute them through local committees.
support of his dependents.
RUSSELL FOUND GUILTY
CARLEPONT WOOD;
HOLD ELSEWHERE
(Continued from Page One)
against the Americans fighting side
by side with the French, but without
avail. Attempts by the enemy to re
capture ti.e village of Bouresches went
for naught.
South of the Aisne river there has
been firece fighting down to the re
gion of Villers Cotterets, where the
G. ' Germans , are attempting to break
(By Review Leased Wire)
vt. PASM Tev- June 12. Will,
Russel, of Lubbock, Texas, was found through and bring their line west of
battle will continue for some days dur- Yesterday there was hard fighting for
ing which other slight fluctuations in
the line may occur, but the evident re
sults of their first dash are disappolnt
. ing to the Germans who, seeing them
selves held here, may turn their at
tention elsewhere.
the capture of a group of hills south
west of Noyon, which was carried 'out
in strength by several French di
visions. The enemy was thrown back
on the whole of the front of the attack
- from Lc Ployron to Antheuil with the
i - - i heaviest losses. His armored cars,
FRTNCH ADVANCE j which were brought into action in
PARIS. June 12. The French troops ! great numbers, are lying shot to
have made further advances around pieces on the battle field.
Belloy and St. Maur and have captured 1 Bitter Fighting.
400' additional prisoners, some cannon I "Between Mert and Belloy where the
and machine Runs, according to the I enemy's assault was shattered by a
guilty of the murder of Charles Qua
ley by a jury here today, and his sen
tence fixed at ten years in the state
penitentiary. Russell Is a cattleman
and banker.
Qualey, a mine owner, was killed on
the night of January 2. Russell claim
ed he slial in self defense. His at
torneys tiled notice of appeal.
CONSIDER FINANCE LOW
NEW YORK, June 12. Representa
tives of some of the largest financial
interests in this city met with tiie war
finance corpoiation at the sub-treasury
today to discuss various phases of the
administration xt the financial corpora
tion law, the object bcirg primarily
to effect somii modification of exist
ing statutes. W. P. G. Harding, speaif
ing for the war finance corporation.
K.-iid Inter that the conference did not
get beyong a discussion of the general
principles involved.
Scissons toward Compiegife. Except
thatt he com fats, were particularly
severe on the front of Dommiers,
Cutry and south of Ambleny, no fur
ther details are available. .
Quiet Elsewhere .
In the other war theaters there have
been no noteworthy activities.
Two Italian torpedo boats have car
ried out successfully a daring raid
against an Austrian naval division in
the Dalmatian Islands. The dread
naught Szent Istvan was torpedoed
and sunk. According to an official
announcement made in Vienna, while
the Italian commanders report that a
second battle ship was damaged by a
tcrpedo.
I. W. W. FORSWEAR
U. S. ALLEGIANCE
. war office announcement tonight
;They have also reoccupled Montcourt
vend part of Bussiares, south ot the
' 'Marne.
The official report says that .'ue
French troops were withdrawn east of
Oise, along the line of Bailly, Tracy-Le-Val
and Nampcel under the protection
of covering detachments, without the
enemy being aware of the movement.
While most of the German attacks
w ererepulsed, the .anemy succeeded in
counter attack, bitter fighting lasted
until nightfall. The west bank of the
Oise, north of the point where the
Mats runs into it has been cleared
of the enemy.
"The number of prisoners brought in
by the army has increaed to more
than 13,000.
"The loss of the heights southwest
of Noyon forced the enemy to evacuate
his positions in Carlepont wood, on the
east bank of the Oise. In close puisult
r
"Military" Is the Word!
Yung men at home who are
too young to fight or who
have families to support
don't want to wear anything
that imitates a uniform. But
they do want the erect, spir
ited style that characterizes
the fighting man and the na
tion. Young Men Appreciate the Service
We're Rendering Them in
Hart Schaf fner & Marx '
Clothes
They get just the military
touches they want ; the pan
eled back effects; the new
sport ideas and Varsity Fifty-Five
Suits.
When you wear these
clothes you're helping to
save wool for the fighters:
the clothes last so long they
economize for you.
MAKE HIS DREAMS COME TRUE
BUY WAR SAVING STAMPS
Last night American soldiers sleeping in the desolation of France
dreamed of victory of America safe, free and happy.
They have left the comforts of life to fight the Hutu. To help
stamp out of the minds of the Huns fcrcver their Ideas of world domi
nation. You uiust back them up. Loau your dollars to the Government.
BUY WAR SAVINGS STAMPS
(Continued from Page Ona)
FORD IN POLITICS
1 Frazer, one of the defendants, urging
i liitiato "get the stuff fcnd I will use it."
, , I Quite in harmony with everything,
LANSING. Mich.. June 12. Henry ; especially the many letters suggesting
Ford, Detroit, automobile manufactur-, refuse t0 register for the army, was
er, has been mentioned as the repub- j tne f1olwing from a letter written to
lican candidate for United Slates sen-1 Rowan-
ator to -succeed William Alden Smith, I
whose term expires next year, was i
endorsed by Michigan democrats in j
conference here today and "urged to j
become candidate, although he is net ;
within, our fold." The endorsement I
of a republican candidate by a demo-
cratic conference is unparalleled in I
Michigan politicmul nutory. j
GERMAN IS ARRESTED
CINCINNATI. June 12. Wm. J. Von
"The Commercial club is trying
to get the government to suppress
the I. W. W. If they do attempt
to put us out of commission, they
will wonder what hit the United
States."
Stabbing Uncle Sam in Back
Rowan was secretary of the local
branch at Spokane. As such he re
ceived thousands of letters demanding
that the organization take a definite
position a.uaiust registration for the
draft.' Hut the. leaders seem to have
'Struckard. German, 22 vears old, of ' no-'n willing to stab I nrle Sam in the
I Dayton, Ohio, whose rather he says, ; I'3' vicariously, while not taking any
i is a general in the German army and ' chances themselves.
! whose uncle, he asserts, is admiral I "owsn answered inquirers with the
Von. Tirpits. is under arrest on a ! Information that the general executive
charge of impersonating a United j t """'i'tee had taken no official a:
I States army officer. tIon and said ,,lllt the 111CKtln WHS
' Other and mure seriniiK rhar.a m:iv . iui.iu..n, uei isiun oj
be field againsth iin
said.
tomorrow, it is
j the members. Of course, there was no
! advice to flout the law nf the lan, I
; Only this, from a letter written oy
NO RUSSIAN AGREEMENT
LONDON. June 12. Arthur J. Bal
four, seceratry foY foreign affairs de
clared in the house of commons to
day that there was no truth in the re
port that America and the allies had
entered into an agreement not to In
tervene in Russian affairs.
Rowan, dated May 1:!. 1917
"My acting solidly and refusing
to register we may be able to get
away with it."
The government will attempt to
j prove that the ryanide of .potassium
introduced was intended to be used
in "Msnning live stock in the neigh
borhood of Millbank. N. I)., and that
The Ford automo
bile engine, illus
trated here, like all
internal combustion
engines, requires an
oil that holds its
full lubricating
qualities at cylinder
heat, burns clean in
the combustion
chambers and goes
out with exhaust.
ZEROLENE LTGHT
fills these requirements
perfectly. it tm
corrrtly rfind from
h-td Cmtifnrnt -ehmlt-bmm
exuefe.
"Zerolene is the Best"
Say leading motor car distributors
because the records of their service
departments show that 'ZEROLENE
correctly refined from selected Cali
fornia asphalt-base crude, gives per
fect lubrication wuh less wear and
less carbon deposit.
$r?D-.?ars are now lub"cated with
ZEROLENE because their owners
nave learned through experience that
there is no better oil.
ZEROLENE the torrect oil for all type, of
automobile eneme?. It is the correct oil for
your automobile. Get our lubrication chart
showing the correct consistency lor your car.
At deaera evr'irn.- mnri Sltndmrd OJ
Servieo Stsltonn.
STANDARD OIL COMPANY
(California)
ZEROLENE
77ie Stanford Oil
Jbr Mctor Cars
the phr sphorus was sent there for the
purpose of burning hay stacks and
anything else that would make a lira.
Costly Fires Traced
There had been a series of costly
fires at Aberdeen, where a million
dollar grain elevator and the police
chief's barn went on the German side
of the ledger.
The government introduced evidence
tending to show that Stanley Brown,
alter writing for ' the stuff" to Krazer,
received it in the name of "Jack Nel
son" and that Martin Gunderson re
layed it to him at Millbank lrom Aber
deen, from which city he sent his re
quest, along with a bitter tirade
against the police for having clubbed
members and raided their offices.
Last fall the two bottles served the
put-pose of sending Crown and Gun
derson to Leavenworth penitentiary
for two years for conspiracy.
The lettors seized reeal the I. W.
W. idea of treating deserters. Fred
Fisher tore up his membership card.
It was In a lumber camp at Libbey,
Mont. So he received the prescribed
attention for non-believers lye and
pepper in shoes, croton oil in food,
kerosene on beds and "wobbly itch"
sprinkled in clothes.
The letters also disclosed how hard
the I. W. W. had worked collecting
funds for the defense of James Moon-Jy
and had planned a country-wide strike
to emphasize the demand of his par
don. Th.it the heart of an I. W. W. hasn't
even a niche in it for the greatest
humanitarian agency in the world lit
shown in the following letter Charles
Flake wrote from Detroit, stabbing at
the Red Cross:
"We had a fine May day parade
. and sold nearly $40 worth of litera
ture. We didn't have any sticker
ettes for stickerette day. Discon
tent among the workers is aiding
our organization. The slaves in
most of the automobile plants are
compelled to donate to the Red .
Cross or lose their jobs, and that
is propaganda for us.'
W. D. Haywood sent stickerettes ti
Hake and congratulated him on bis
good work. Later Ifaywood wrote
Flake at Duluth:
"If possible cache away some
supplies so -that in case of emer
gency you will still te ab'e to con-
tinue business. Iave nothing to
chance."
r
Attention Stockholders
OF THE
Jerome-Portland Mining
Company:
An important business meeting will
be held Friday night in the city
council chambers at 7:30. Mr.
Frank H. Dyer, receiver for the
company will be present and every
stockholder is urged to attend. Mr.
Dyer is still maintaining headquar
ters at the office of Hogan & Seed
where he will be pleased to meet
every stockholder of the company
and explain final arrangements for
the court settlement.
FRANK H. DYER,
R
eceiver.
The Jerome-Portland Mining Company
ATTENTION B. P. O. ELKS
Flag Day services will be held Fri
day. June 14. at 8.30 p. m. All Elks'
and friends invited. JAS. ALLISON".
Exalted Ruler Adv. 101
COLLINS &
BRETHERT0N
We Specialize In
,1
AND
OATMAN
STOCKS
Jack Bldg., Main Street
Phone 26 Box 1129
;- in i
Advantages accrue to your financial in
terests by having good banking connec
tions. Have you a checking account have
you one here'1
We welcome new Checking Accounts
small or large. -
SAFE DEPOSIT BOXES FOR RENT
CHICHESTER S PILLS
Lll Amk J"' far
1 KeullicYV i
Ribtxw.V I
r t ,. Y I
Fill, la Kr4 oJ tiola
boxes, Mftlcd Wlta Blue
DIAMOND BRA4 PILI.H. S
nnkiiMBI.SM.AmrsKcllahw
SOLO BY ORtJGGtSTS EVERYHHLRE I
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
AND HIGH CLASS CAFE
The best of everything at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 60c luncheon daily. Also $1.00 dinner from
5 : 30 to 7 : 30 p. m. Regular Board by the month, $4U ;
$10 by -the week.
v Henry Poppen, Manager.
THE DAILY REVIEW WANT ADS BRING RESULTS
Gas Fired Water
For Attaching
Heater
to Your
Range Boiler
J. J. Sparks, Special Agent, Standard Oil Co., Bisbee, Ariz.
Provides abundant supply of
hot watrr at reasonable cost.
Call cit our ftore and ask for
demonstration, or mike re
quest for representative to cajl
upon you.
I i
I'L W
tij
lisbee Improvement Co. THREE
"SUPPORT WAR"
WILSON'S REQUEST
(Bv Review Lrawd Wire;
WASHINGTON, June 12. President
Wilson today telegraphed to the Amer
ican Federation of linbor anil the
American Alliance for Labor and De
mocracy in convention at St. Fa'il,
urging renewed efforts of labor in sup
port of the war.
To Samuel Gompers, the president
telegraphed:
"Please tfonvey to the thirty-eighth
annual convention of the American
Federation of Labor my congratula
tions upon the patriotic support which
the members of your organibatinn
fave given the program of the nation
in the past year, not only in the trench
es and on the battle field, where so
many of our younger men are now in
uniform but equally in the factories
and the ship yards and work shops of
the country, where the army is sun
ported and supplied by the loyal in
dustry of your skilled craftsmen.
"We are facing the hardships of the
crucial months of the struggle. The
nation can. face them confidently, as
sured now J hat th intrigues of the
enemy can never divide our unity by
means of those industrial quarrels and
class dissentions which he has so dil
igently to foment. In these days of
trial and self-sacrifice, the American
working man is bearing hiss hare of
the national burden nobly. In the
new world of peace and freedom which
America Is fighting to establish, his
place would be as honored and his
service as gratefully esteemed."
'The President's message to the
American alliance follows:
"The American Alliance for. Labor
and Democracy has my earnest hope
for a successful convention that will
pive added strength of future activ
ities. Called into being to combat
Ignorance and misunderstanding, skill-'
fuily played upon by disloyal influ,
ences, your organization has done a
great and necessary work. It has aid
that proceeds from exact unHerstan l
that proceeds fro mexact understand
ing and is today a valid and important
part of the great machinery that co
ordinates the energies of America in
the prosecution of a Just and righteous
w ar.
"The war can be lost in America as
well as on the fields of France, and
ill-considered or unjustified interrup
tions of the essential labor of the coun
try may make, it impossible to win it.
No controversy between capital and
labor should be suffered to interrupt it
Until every instrumentality set up by
the government for its amicable set
tlement has been employed and its in
termediation heeded to the utmost;
and the government has set up instru
mentalities wholly fair and adequate.
And this duty to avoid such interrup
tions of industry wherever they can be
avoided without the actual sacrifice of
essential rights rests upon the employ
er a3 imperially as upon the, workman.
No man can afford to do iujustica at '
fy tlw, but at this time 3:lr.ti" : of ;
the essence of national defense and
contests for any sort of advantage that
at other times would be justified n.ay
now jeopardize the very life of the
ration."
exchange of labor information were
discussed late today by a committee of
the American Federation of Labor,
holding its annual convention here.
i Several other Important committee
meetings were held, causing an aband
onment of the afternoon session of the
cenvention. '
Unusual interest attended the meet
ing of the organization committee
which was the object of a heated de
bate earlier in the day. Chairman
Frank Huffy, who nnnounced that he
would resign from the committee un
less Benjamin Schlessinger of New
York, another member of the commit
tee apologized to the convention, stat
ed he had not heard from SchlesMnger.
Schlessinger did not attend the com
mittee meeting. The apology was de
manded for Schlessinger"s negalive
vote yesterday on adoption of the
American labor mission's report. .
The session tonight was given over
to the American Alliance for Labor
and Democracy. Short talks by mem
bers of the American Labor mission
were a feature.
BE A
Big Brother
Big Sister
1:1
"Help the boy (or girl) 'help
Cncle Sam."
Here is the way to do it:
Pick out an ambitious youngster,
rflcdse him or her the first and last
stamps in a thrift card, ity this
50-cent contribution you are not
only aiding the nation's cause, but
you are inculcating thrift in tho
minds of the coming generation
nnd giving the children an active
interest in the war.
Sign the blank below and send
it to the Pig Brother and Si.-.ter
Editor of the Bisbee Review.
"I hereby pledge my assist
ance as a big brother or big
sister to (number)
children.
Mining and Financial News
"Name.
MEDGA
ASK
FOREIGN DELEGATES HEARD
St. PAUL, Minn.. June 12. Foreis.i
delegates had their inning hito today
pt the annual convention of the Amer
ican Federation of Labor. Belgium's
sacrifices, plans of rehabilitation and
the earnest appreciation of America's
help were clearly put forward by Lieu
tenant Henri De Man. of the Belgian
army, and Professor Albert Vsn Hekej
of the University of Louvian, both del-:
egates to the convention.
Objection by socialists to the report
of the American Labor mission which
distinguished socialists from labor ;
unionists enlivened the earlier session, j
When President Gompers called for a
rising vote on adoption of the report,
fcur members of the garment workers'
union remained m their seats.
INTERNATIONAL RELATIONS
ST. PAUL, Minn., June 12. Inter
national labor relations and the neces
sity for establishing an international
L MEN
WAR PROHIBITION
(Ttr Review Leased TV! re) ,
CHICAGO. June 12 National pro
hibition for the benefit of military and
civil peoples alike, the necessity of
each county In the United States send
ing a quota of 2ft per cent cf its med
ical men into army service and the
withdrawal of doctors generally tro;n
association after the war with German
scientists until Germany has purged
itself of guilt, were the features of the
address of Dr. Arthur Dean Bevan of
CMcaso. Installed tonight as president
of the American Medical association.
Dr. Charles Mayo of Rochester.
Minn.', retiring president; Surgeon
General Goraas, U. S. A., Surgeon
General Braisted, U. S. N"., Assistant
Surgeon General Rucker, of the army
and medical emissaries from the na
tions of the entente, attended the war
meeting of the association today.
Compliments Gorgas
In his address Dr. Bevan pa,id spe
cial tribute to the work of Surgeon
General Gorgas- and called attention to
the fact that the army death rate has
been less than ten per thousand in
the mobilization and concentration
camps, "twice as good as the record
held by any country prior to this
time." he said. "The health o" the
men is better looked after in the arm-;
and navv than ft was when the men
were Mill in civil life."
Styling the elimination of alcoholic
drink the greatest single factor that
can be controlled in the interest of
public health. Dr. 'Bevan said:
"In rIow evolution of civilization,
many great wrongs became so en
trenched that it required centuries of
education" or revolution to extirpate
them. Among these great wrongs, too
long tolerated none has done more
injury to mankind than drink. Now
the swiftly moving course of events
is writing the d'-ath warrant of autoc
racy gnd rule by "divine rieht.' and
science and education should elimin
ate not only plagues and epidemics',
but also the curse of drink from the
world."
To Commission Women
General Gorgas in a statement is
sued today gave unqualified approval
of the proposal of the association to
give woman doctors nnd surgeons on
gaded in war work the sfme military
rank as male medical officers.
Dr. Justin Godart. chief of the med
ical mission sent to the convention
from France brought a message of
hope and confidence to the assembled
phvsicians.
"France knows there is a long hard
strnesle ahead before we reach vic
tory." he said, "but we have complete
confidence that we can hold the line
unti' America arrives in force. Then,
for complete victory."
"Address "
If you have no children "with
whom to play big brother or big
Bister, fill in the following blank:
"Please supply me with
names of children to whom I
may act as big brother or bis
sister."
NEW YORK, June 12. Stocks were
' firm to strong during the greater part
j of today's dull session but reliqquislid
much of their advantage in the r.n it
Ihour. Gains were most substantial in
! speculative issues controlled by pools
I and other professional interests.
! Equipments of the more popular va
) riety, as well as motors, oils, fertilizers
land shippings registered extreme
I gains of 1 to 3 points. Coppers added
j moderately to recent advances and
sugars, leathers, American Can ;tnd
(American Woolen were 1 to 2 points
higher at their best.
Standard rails, notably Union Pa
j cific and Atchison were responsive to
improved transportation prospects.
United States Steel dominated the
intermediate trading, gaining two
j points.
j" High grade railway bonds again
eased on light, offerings. Liberty is
Isues reflected further selling and inter
nationals moved narrowly. Total sales
(parvalne). aggregated $4,G.r,0,000.
United States bonds (old issues),
were unchanged on call.
BY REVIEW LEASED WIRE.
Shattuck
! Shannon
Superior Boston ..
St. Marys
l Utah Copper
Utah Consolidated
Winona , .
of enthusiasm for the allied cause at
the war meeting of the visitors.
The army and naval medical officers
marched upon the stage while the Fort
Riley, ' Kansas, band played and the
audience stood.
Surgeon General W. C. Gorgas, of
the army; Surgeon General W. C.
Braisted, of the navy; Sir James Mac
Kenzie, of Great Britain; Sir Arbuth
not Lane, of Great Britain; Colonel
Herbert Bruce, of Canada; M. Justin
Godart and Major Edouard Rist, of
France; Dr. Ray Lyman Wilbur, presi
dent of Leland Stanford university,
and Dr. Alexander Lambert, of New
York, medical director of the American
Red Cross in France, were the speakers.
FIRES THREATEN
MONTANA FORESTS
(By Review Leased Wire)
MISSOULA, Mont., une 12. With
scores of fires, some covering large
areas and blazing unchecked, others
small and yet within control, burning
in dry forests of western Montana and
Northern Idaho, the fire situation in
the territory embraced within district
number one of the forest service is the
most acute that it has ever been at
this time of the year, forestry officials
declared today. Indications point to
a fire season worse than that of 1917,
thev said, fi.iee it is starting fully a
month earlier.
Mora than 500 men are fighting
fires In the national forests of this
district, 150 of them engaged in an
rffirt to save the town of Essex, in
the Flathead forest, on the Great
Northern 'railror.d. One hundred others
are fighting a fire near Belton, at the
wect end of Glacier National Park.
Two hundred and fifty men still pre
fighting the fire on Marble Creek, near
the ft. Joe forest, in northern Idalio,
where thousands of acres of valuable
privately owned timber land are be
ing burned over. This blase was de
clared to be the worst in the district.
In the St. Joe district a pack train
of fourteen mules was saught in a
fire and burned. The driver escap?d.
CURBS
Arkansas and Arizona.
Austin
Arizctfa Silver King ..
Mig I edge
Butte & London
Calumet & Jerome
Cornelia
I Consolidated Arizona .
j Consolidated Copper ..
Ifurtiss
! Denn
I Dundee
Emma
Federal Oil
Gadsucn
Grand Island
Green Monster
(;Iobe Dominion
Hull :
Ileda
15
2'4
49
SO 'si
!),',
v
IS
1';.
?,!)
21
GRAINS
CHICAGO, June 12. Bears over
reached themselves today selling corn.
An unexpected return of cool weather
made the selling look reasonable, but
efforts to collect profits met with- un
usual difficulty and forced a sharp ad
vance In prices. The market losed
strong, 2 to 2T's net higher wi'h
July $1.44 to $145 and August
$1.461,4- Oats gained to cents
and provisions 7 to 55. Notwithstand
ing reports that the extreme heat had
done no harm, much nervousness was
evident, and prices at the finish were
near the topmost of the session.
Upturns in oats were due to sympa
thy with the advance of corn. Export
ers appeared to be out of the market.
Provisions hardened owing chiefly to
an advance in the value o hogs.
Howe Sound
Jerome Verde
Jerome Victor
Magma ''oriper
Magma Chief
Miami Consolidated ..
PerPhvry
Pitts" Jerome
Ray Hercules
Tom Reed
United Eastern
Verde Extension
Verde Combination . .
Woh'erine Arizona ...
West End . .
White Caps1 .........
Wright Martin
U
13
UCKHECHt
BE6. W.S PAT. OFF.
ARMY S 3? SHOE
Made on the famous
Munson last speci
fied by U. S. Army.
A practical, everyday
hoe fur men in ail
walks cf life. Business
men, farmery, sports
men, outdooTworkers
ail have taken to the
Buckhecht Army Shoe. Result?
Foot troubles axe no longer
known to them.
Into the Buckhecht Army
Shoe are put the finest materials
and workmanship possible. It's
shoe you can depend on for
ease and comfort and service.
i .1
$5.50 to
$7.50
Indian Tan
Cmlt or Black
Gua Metal
Ask for, the Buck
hecht Army Shoo
by name look for
our registered trade
mark stamped on every
pair, it is more than
a mere trade mark.
It ii a guarantee, a
protection, a symbol
of service.
Back of it stands more than a
half century of honest the
manufacturing.
You can get the Buckhecht
Army bhoe in your town. If
your dealer does not carry it,
write us direct.
Manufacturers
mm m
BUCKINGHAM & HECHT
San FrlllilH
NEW YORK METALS
NEW YORK, June 12. Lead firm;
spot $".G2$7.75; spelter firm: spot
East St. Louis delivery $7.45 $7.55.
Bar silver 99."
NEW YORK COTTON
NEW YORK. June 12.-rThe cotton
market closed 13 to 45 points net
lower with the near months relatively
weak. ,
NEW YORK
Closing Quotations, June 12, 1918
By L. J. OVERLOCK, Broker.
HIGH ENTHUSIASM
CHICAGO. June 12 Medical celeb
rities attending the sixty-ninth annual
convention of the American Medical
association united tonight in a pro-gram-of
war speeches in both English
wid French that marked the high tide
FIRING OFF ATLANTIC COAST
OCFAN CITY, Md., June 12. Sharp,
quick firing, about twenty miles at sea
was distinctly heard at Ocean City
this afternoon and Jt is geenrally be
lieved that a large-carrying vessel has
been attacked by an enemy craft. A
vessel cpniing here later reported that
it had seen a large ship fired on by a
smaller one, and that the craft at
tacked had escaped and gone into the
Delaware breakwater for safety.
ATTENTION B. P. O. ELKS
Flag Dav services will be held Fri
day. June 14 at 8.30 p. m. All Elks'
and friends invited. JAS. ALLISON".
Exalted Ruler. Adv. 194
American Can 44
American Car .T 81 Vs
American Sugar 109'i
American Locomotive C3-yt
American Smelter 76Vs
Baldwin ; 87
Bethlehem (B) '. 82
C & O 56 -Vi
C F & I .... ' 4S
Canadian Pacific
Central Leather . 65
."rw ible tW-li
Distillers 57
Erie...... 15
Goodrich ' 4"
f'eneral Motors 128 V.
Independent Alcohol 122V
Lackawanna 86
Marine 2S
Marine Preferred 103 Vi
Mid vale 4S5i
Mexican Petroleum 94?'
New York Central 72 Vi
Northern Pacific 86
Reading S9
Rubber 57
Republican Steel 85
Ftudebaker 45
Steel 98",
Steel Preferred 110
St. Paul 43
Southern Pacific .83
Sinclair 28
Texas Oil 149
Union Itaclfic 1207
United states Marine 40U
Westinghouse 2
!'
20
5
60
36
4'
167
9S
3 i .',
39
1
1
10 ',
.,'--.
OATMAN
By Collins & Bretherton
!'..' Bid
Argo 4
Adams 2
Arizona Rex
Arizona-Tom. R 3
Big Jim Con! 5
Boundary Cone .........
Gold Ore 12
Gold Road Bon. 3
Gold Cliff
Lucky Hoy
Sunnyside 3
Telluride 9
Tom Reed 1.67
United Eastern 3.50
United Northern
Red Lien
Other Curbs
Gadsden 2 30
Green Monster 62
Butte London 18
Dundee 87
Venture Hill
Pitts-Jerome 36
Jerome Verde , 56
I Ark-Arizona .08
Jerome Portland
Ins-Needles .08
I Hull Copper 45
i Magma Chief 20
Wolv-Ariznna 1.75
, Verde Combination ...
Miami Consolidated ...
Warren .Verde Squaw .
Nacozari Consolidated .
Verde Apex
Porphyry
Calumet &. Jerome 1.1
Feather River
.no
.05
.60
Ask
5
3
25
5
10
2 '
14
4
15
2
4
12.
3.55
25
i
2.73 i
.69
.22 '
1.00
.oi !
.40:
.62 !
.11
.2J i
.121
.!0 !
.251
1.S7!
.62 ,
.10 !
.50
.45
.06
.70
1 25
.15
Of Course You Know !
-THAT
1
That boy OVER THERE, in the training camps, or on
the briny, is mighty interested in knowing what YOU
are doing over here. There are two ways to keep him
informed-write him long, cheerful letters often, end
send him
The Bisbee
Daily Review
Full A. P. Report All the local news only 75c to our
boys, wherever they may be,
on land or sea
SPECIAL PRICES
for a short time on
The Quality is there. The price b Right
TRY ONE
Welbourn and Dodds
Bisbee Phone 432. Jno. Addn. Phone 1S3
.The first shipment of bullion has
been made from the Gold Ore mine at
Oatnian, the result of the first month's
run.
W. R; Ransdell of Tucson reports a
big strike In the Narragansett mine,
encountering a body of ore that is said
to run from nine to thirty per cent.
United Chino Oil Stockholders
NOTICE
aa MMawva aHw mmm
The following telegram is self explanatory:
46sba50
Phoenix Arizona June 1 11918 940am.
E. A. Burns,
Special Representative United Chino O. & R. Co., v
Bisbee, Arizona.
Please make it plain to all stockholders that United Chino
will not be called on the curb until every .man who has paid
his two cent balance has been given his new certificate also .
that pool stock will not be released to interfere with the
market.
W. M. Lazenby,
United Chino Oil & Ref. Co.
BOSTON
Adventure 50
Allouez l'S
Arizona Commercial 13'A
American Zinc 15
Butte 21 M
C & A 66
C t- H !. 432
C Range 44V
Chino .. 38
Chie
B Butte 8V2
Granby 75
Grand Canadian '. 40
Goldfield 20
Hancock 5
Indiana 50
Inspiration 497
Kennecott 32'',
Keweenaw 1 Vi
rave 5
LaSalle ..- 2V6
Miami 27i
MM-iwk 61
Nevada 19
N Butte 15U
NIn - 8i
Old Dominion 40
Osceola . 47
Pond Creek 19
Ouincv 69
Ray Consolidated 23Ti
Announcement has been made that ;
' the first train from Holhrook on the :
Apache railway will arrive at Snow-I
flake July 24, which is the date of the
founding cf the settlement.
mil
B
Complexion
Beauty
tAajTiaeaitfa
Marinello
Whitening
Cream
keeps your skin
youthfully
healthy and
gives your com
plexion the at
tractiveness of
girlhood.
There are many
ABM
1oilt Preparation-
bach for some soecific need. All nr
fected to a stage that assures quick
positive results.
McDonald's Marinello
- Shop Phone 305
THE DOUGLAS ASSAY CO.
ASSAYERS CHEMISTS METALLURGISTS
AND ORE BUYERS !
SPECIALTY RARE METALS AND ALKALIES
t
BOX 1031
1 108 a Ave. DOUGLAS, ARIZ.
Catarrh is a Real Enemy
and Requires Vigorous Treatment
Ihrow these makeshift remedies w
Do Not Neglect It.
When you use medicated sprays,
atomizers and douches for your Ca
tarrh, you may succeed in unstopping
the choked-up air passages for the
time being:, but this annoying condi
tion returns, and you have to lo the
came thing over and over again.
Catarrh has never yet been cured
by these local applications. Have
you ever experienced any real benefit
f.'in uch treatment?
The Body of
Our Paint
is pure white lead. It is mixed with
turpentine or pure linseed oil ac
cording to whether It Is to he used
for In or outside work! There Is no
grit in it: no adulterants to tuake
its manufacture cheaper. Paint ex
perts always get their supplies
here. Wouldn't It be wise for you
to follow ti example.
Bisbee Lumber Company, inc
EMIL MARKS, MGR.
LOWELL CAR 8T0,
PHONE 'tX
the winds, and set on the right treat
ment Go to your drug store to-day.
get a bottle of S. S. S., and commence
a treatment that has been praised by
sufferers for nearly half a. century.
S. S. S. gets right at the source of
Catarrh, and forces from the blood
the germs which cause the disease.
You can obtain special medical advico
regarding your own case without
charge by writing .to Medical Direc
tor, 22. Swift Laboratory, Atlanta, Ga.
I
J
L. J. OVERLOCK, BROKER
Correspondents: Paine, Weber eV Co, Boston, Duluth, Calumet.
LOGAN A BRYAN, NEW YORK AND CHICAGO.
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK.
Lumber, Paints, Oils, Wall oard
AND ALL KINDS OF
Building Supplies
The Best of I Is Kind and the Price Is No More. Quality,
Service and Price All Three Riht
GIBSON-HINES LUMBER CO.
Phone 88
J. W. F. SMITH
Manager
1 FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY MORNING, JUNE 13, 1918.
I
PUBLISHED EVERY DAY EXCEPT MONDAY BY THE
STATE CONSOLIDATED PUBLISHING COMPANY.
CULLEN A. CAIN'..
Editor and
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
The Associated lres3 is exclusively entitled to the
use for republication of all news dispatches credited to
tt or not otherwise credited to this paper and also the
local news published herein.
All rights of repuBlication of special dispatches herein
ere also reserved.
Entered a Second Class Mail Matter at Bisbee, Arizona,
Under Act of March 8, 1879.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES. PAYABLE IN ADVANCE:
ER MONTH . . -75
THREE MONTHS
BIX MONTHS
TWELVE MONTHS
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per year
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per quarter
WHEN THE KAISER IS PROUD
The kaiser is proud. In sending a large
.. contribution to the Ludendorr fund for the
relief of wounded soldiers, he admitted this
pride.
"With pride and thankfulness," he said,
"I daily watch the giant deeds of my brave
troops, wruch will secure respect for the
German name for all time."
When the kaiser is proud, his Hun mur
derers have just returned from bombing
British and French hospitals behind the
lines. When the kaiser is proud, hi3 "brave
troops" have destroyed the spired cathedrals
of a Rheims. When the kaiser expresses
thankfulness! his couriers have returned
from the front with word that babies have
been killed and the honor of women abused.
Yesterday a letter came to the Warren
district from a Red Cross nurse in the
American service, preparing to sail for duty
in France. She wrote to her sister to ad
vise her of whardangers she will soon face.
She did not tel! her mother. Here is what
she told:
"A British surgeon general, accompanied
by two Red Cross nurses, has been spend
ing the week here at our hospital. They
have recently come from the front. I spent
the nights in the same ward with the Eng
lish nurses ; I assisted them in dressing and
preparing for bed. They have seen the
Boche. Their two hancls were severed at the
wrists and their tongues were cut from their
throats that they might neither write nor
tell what they have seen of the Boche."
So the kaiser is proud and thankful of the
giant deeds of his brave troops. The world,
has come to know that when the kaiser is
proud or thankful, some great crime against
civilization, against humanity, against vir-
ginity and against all that is holy has been
perpetrated. The kaiser has been proud be
fore. He has been thankful. His pride and
thankfulness have been expressed after long
range, guns have killed women and children
in the churches of Paris, after his hell
hounds have poisoned the wells of Belgium,
after his "brave troops" "nave pinioned
babies on bayonets and after the homes of
peasants and civilians have been raped and
ruined.
Surely the deeds of hi3 murderers "will
secure respect for the German name for
ever." " They are the deeds of which he is
proud ; for which he is thankful. They are
the deeds which will bring from the world
the respect an American bears for the rattle
snake.
When the kaiser is proud and thankful
the world may be prepared for some new
and unheard of machine of the German
army for bringing terror and suffering to
women and children. When the kaiser is
proud and thankful, the world may well
brace itself for some shock of fearfulness
and desecration which will make insignifi
cant the horrors of the rjast.
When the kaiser is proud and thankful
he speaks of the "giant deeds of brave
troops." But that others might not tell nor
write what he gives thanks for and is proud
of, he severs the wrists and cleaves the
tongues of Red Cross nurses.
The great offensive of the German
armies cn the western front and the drive
to break through the allied lines to Paris
of Calais, -have not been carried out with
the success which the kaiser and his field
officers had anticipated when they launched
the movement. In the past failures of simi
lar drives have concluded with new declara
tions of war aims. This drive has ended
with a similar camouflage. The German
government and the high army command
are now discussing a declaration of war
aims which the government will make in
the near future.
Installment plan payment of war taxes
will soon be provided by the government,
says a Washington dispatch. And judg
ing expenses as they now eat up the aver
age man'b salary, the installments will have
to be "blamed" small. '
THE
General Manager
2.25
4.00
7.50
2.50
.75
bred to the principles of democracy and
justice, blushed with shame and rage at
this criminal act of less-majeste against the
holy rights of a free people. Well, the dy
nasty of Rudolph of Hapsburg and Maria
Theresa has been justly punished for the
unspeakable, criminal act of challenge of
theirs.
We again bow our heads, but this time
in almost grateful humility, recognizing in
the events that are passing before our eyes
the avenging Finger of the Lord. The
bloody world-drama is nearing its end, and
the guilty parties are being dragged before
the Judgment Seat one by one. The hori
zon looks gloomy for the allies while I am
writing this, but it will clear up again, for
if ever, this time God and His stars are truly
fighting for the cause of the Entente.
William's two former ambassadors in
London, and Constantinople, Lichnowsky
and Wangenheim, stamped forever as
cowardly lies the solemn declarations and
oaths of the German princes and diplomats
as to the origin of the war. Vienna has
got its sentence already. The punishment
of Potsdam, as the seat of the infamous con
ference of arch plotters of July 5, 1914,
and the neighboring official capital of the
Hohenzollerns, Berlin, will and ought to be
that of Sodom and Gomorrah.
The non-German races of Austria-Hungary,
which have been dragged into the war
and are being maintained in it against their
will, have a right to be delivered forever
from the Teutonic yoke; the 20,000,000 of
Germans and Magyars will henceforth have
the precious privilege of licking two pairs
of princely boots.
The Goddess of Liberty is menaced with
being chained to the triumphal chariot of
a reactionary bureaucracy and autocracy.
Coward or traitor, is he who is not ready to
give the best that is in him, the dearest he
has in life, child or property, in order to
breaw those iron chains in which an expir
ing feudal camarilla, in its last gasps, tries
to put the free democracies of the world.
Hundreds of Arizonans above the draft
age will take advantage of the government's
new civilian officers' training camp and
seek to enter the service. And the War
ren district will contribute its quota.
Buying Thrift and War Savings stamps
is the easiest duty to perform which the
government has yet outlined for us. After
the first few purchases have been made,
the duty becomes a habit. Have you start
ed your War Savings account yet?
The true patriot doesn't sit on his front
porch of evenings and deplqre the loss of
food ships in U-boat raids. He gets out in
the war garden and makes good that loss of
food.
END OF AUSTRIA
An old Austrian, well informed on the
ancient and modern history of' the central
empires, writes to a New York newspaper
as follows, regarding Austria's latest treaty
with Germany :
The reported terms of the military con
vention a la Brest-Litovsk, entered into by
the imperial commanders in chiefs of Ger
many and Austria, show under what con
ditions Charles, the head of the proud
Hapsburg dynasty, had to abdicate into the
hands of the descendant of the puny, mar
grave of Brandenburg, who was gracious
ly raised in 1701 to the royal dignity by
Leopold I., ancestor of the unfortunate
successor to Francis Joseph, the last inde
pendent ruler of the Austro-Hungarian
monarchy. Sic transit gloria Austriae. 1
The young Emperor has been rudely
punished for his "Dear Sixtus" letters, or
rather, for his lack of courage not to use
a harsher term to stick to his guns. But
he now only bears the scathe, he has to put
up with the scorn, too. How must Bill-Me-phistopheles
have laughed up his sieve when
he dictated the following paragraph:
The allied troops shall be brought into
contact with each other for the purpose of
educating them to mutual esteem, love, "and
appreciation. This principle shall guide the
training of future officers; and an exchange
of officers shall be organized between the
German and Austro-Hungarian Armie3, so
that Austro-Hungarian officers may, as oc
casion requires, command German troops,
and vice versa. 1
That vice versa is a literary pearl, and we
must give credit for it to the genial com
poser and litterateur of Potsdam.
When the Vienna Ballplatz sent its in
famous ultimatum to Serbia in the last July
days of 1914, all of us who happened to be
born within the black and yellow pickets of
the Danubian monarchy, but have been
The kind of fighting our soldiers are do
iny "over I here" these days makes veterans
of them in short order.
Legislative Gossip
Another council of defense bill went
through the senate yesterday Just at
the close of the day's session. It was
numbered 17 and was assumed to come
from the committee on appropriations.
It was pretty close to being a copy of
council bill 5, which had Just been
killed in the house, yet had a couple
of very different clauses. The council
is to consist of nine members appoint
ed by the governor, "by and with the
advice and consent of the supervisors"
of their home counties. The governor
and attorney general are ex-officio
members. The council shall choose Its
own chairman, vice-chairman and sec
retary. Provision is made of county
councils and for their support. Claridge
Met an official cat out of the bag by
stating that word had been received
from Washington that the plan of hav-
ing a member from each county was
considered savoring too much of area
representation, not representation by
industries, as is desired by the govern
ment. As another member made ex
pression, "The council proposed would
be nothing but another legislature."
Wilkinson delayed the rush to Jam
the bill through by securing insertion
of a paragraph giving the council au
thority to initiate work toward the
Americanization of aliens and appro
priating $10,000 toward the initial ex-'
penses. He favored the new measure,
but tried unsuccessfully to have strick
en the provision that not more than
two members should be from the same
county, basing his action on an ex
pression of the governor's that there
should be three members from Mari
copa' county. When the matter finally
came to a vote there was not an ad
verse voice. The house had slouched
along the whole afternoon, waiting for
the bill to come over, even though
Walton, possibly the greatest orator
ical offender of 'the body, implored
his colleagues in a half hour address to
"Cut out the talking and get busy."
After davs of weary disputation, the
house finally passed the anti-vagabondage
bill by a vote of 23 to 9. The
Hunt coterie stood by their opposition
to the last, though deserted for the
time being by Walton and Vaughn,
who had helped to place in the mea
sure an extraordinary section refer
ring to the operations of corporations,
called upon to operate at full speed.
The votthat favored free continuance
of loafing included, Eddy. Edwards,
Flake, Foster, Francis, Honser, Marsn
I aim Juaav. i ne luierpuiauou is ue
I clared by lawyers absolutely uncenstt
tptional.' So to the bill has been add
l ed a provision providing that if any
section oi tne measure be found uncon
stitutional in the courts the actiou
shall not affect the rest of the act.
Representative Marsh's bill confis
cating vehicles used in- the transpor
tation . of intoxicants went down as
soon as it was presented to the sen
ate. The judiciary committee had re
potted it outside of the governor's
call and so it was killed 11 to 6.
There was some post mortem argu
ment, in which Sutter averred that
no salaried lobbyist shall influence
my vote." In the gallery at the time,
an interested spectator, was T. K. .Mar
shall of Tucson, who was understood
to have liad some interest in the mea
sure. Mrs. Marsh, however, styled
the bill was based purely upon protests
received from the war department th-it
soldiers had been getting far too much
smuggled booze in her home town of
Nogaies .
The senate Jilso killed the bill for
creation of an orphanage commission,
something that had been passed by
the house after a season of oratory and
of feminine lobbying. It also seemed
outside the call.
Both bodies passed a memorial ask
ing that the Grand Canyon be created
a national park on lines suggested by
a bill lately introduced in congress by
Senator Ashurst.
The Vaughn bill, that abolished the
necessity for numerously-signed nomi
nation petitions, passed the house, hut
died as soon as it struck the senate.
Concerning its origin is an interesting
story, interesting whether true or oth
erwise. It is to the effect that the
measure was evolved by moiulwr.4 of
the Hunt clan who were fearful their
chief might determine to go once hictj
with his pitcher tcfthe gubernatorial
well. It is thoroughly understood that
Hunt and his immediate court have
determined he shall not run.Miut - here
has appeared ' a strong probability
that the labor element would nominate
him, willy" nilly, ami that the petitions I
1.1 . . I ....... V. In ......h I
WUU1U conic lu cue mulc uuubd 111 DUl'J
strength that theratitied one honored
finally would consent, in the belief he
was indeed the true choice of the peo
ple. Hut this study in psychology has
ailed in its object and no bread will
be taken this fall from the mouths of
the petition circulators. Whether Ihe
inner circle fears are to assume real
ity probably will be determined large
ly by the extent of the pro Hunt reso
lutions expected to emanate irom the
Arizona Federation of Labor session at
Miami next month.
The coluncil of the Salt Uivnr Valley
Water Users' association, hai .ifferod
the legislative expression of hu opin
ion that the enforcement of an anti
vagrancy law should be left with the
county officers, in co-operation with
the state council of delense and the
employment service of the federal ua
partment of labor. It is believed that
a good law on the subject would drive
vagrants from the state and leuve the
good laborers and as well will serve
to prevent idleness on the part of lab
orers whose wages have Increased
faster than their standards of living
and who have been working each week
much less than the mfuiuiutii pre
scribed by the bill.
This lack of positive legal knowledge
on the subject is militating against de
pendence on legislative approval of
such matter as the capital-punishment
referendum, though the house has
passed such. a measure, after the sen
ate had concluded it better had not
though most of the senators, follow
ing a few occurrences, are in favor l
restoration of the death penalty 'I lie
1 1 UK lies murder near Tempo, the I-Vliln
Vase at Phoenix, the desert Murder
iii'd lynching on the desert e:-.' of
.Mesa. Ihe Lite hldeou murder of a
imull .Mexican boy by a Yuqui, all have
seved t? put the people of Mariposa
county into a frame of mind that de
mands reinstatement of the death pen
alty if numerous lynchiugs are to ie
avoided. County Attorney Laney is In
favor of the move and tells that "sev
enteen homicides happened since capi
tal punishment was abolished, in the
same space of time in which only three
had been known before. It is notable
that this county in all Its history has
had only one legal execution, andtthat
thirty-five years ago. Laney feels that
the mere fear ot hanging would pre
vent action by most of the murderers.
In the legislature also is reference to
the Graham county murders, the three
culprits now in the penitentiary for
life, while the state pays 17,500 to the
widows of the men Slain. So there Is
to be no let up in the circulation of
the petition that seeks reinstatement
of the death penalty. O. M. Mathews,
in charge, is a woman, former deputy
in the Mariposa, county sheriff's of
fice, and the movement has been
shown legitimate. Already she has filed
petitions bearing the names of 2,500
voters. A total of 9,000 will be re
quired. The picnic extended by the senate
girl employees to the reverend sen
ators was a great success, even to the
extent of a romantic and heroic rescue
of one of the same girls, with two
senators, Winsor and Campbell in the
role of heroes. The only flaw in it.
all is that both senators are married.
Miss Marie Tyler of Clifton, fell into
the big Riverside park swimming pool.
Winsor followed and was almost
drowned by the frightened girl. Then
Campbell, big and powerful, came to
the rescue and all soon were on the
bank, little the worse for the exper
ience. The dinner proved to be mainly
fried chicken of wondrous quality,
rousing Senator Colter to a promise to
stand the expense if the attaches
would do some more. The Invitations
to the affair were in tr;ie legislative
style, but passed by "The House. of
Miss-Representatives." The senate
was instructed to furnish the transpor
tation and to "assume and be responsi
ble for an and all casualties that may
result, either from rivalry, political
aspirations or over indulgence in the
eats provided by the attaches."
Adjutant General Harris has asked
for leave of absence for the war. This
has been granted by vote of the house,
but in the senate the matter has been
referred to a committee of Winsor and
Mattox, for a proper resolution. The
officer states that his action has come
through some order trom Washington,
but prefers not to make his plans pub
lic a"t this time.
In this same connection a statement
has been made that every officer oi
the state government must have leave
of absence before leaving the state
and that, on this hypothesis. Represen
tatives Faires and Baxter and Sen
ators Getchetll and Hall all have for
feited their places, which now are sub
ject to appointment at the hands of
Governor Hunt.
Buehman took Mallory and ether
friends to the Roosevelt dam Sunday,
making the 160 miles of gross distance
before midnight, and bringing back
word of disaster that might have de
prived the senate of one of its first-
magnitude luminaries. Senator Sutter
had gone to the Roosevelt lake th;
previous day, with. Representative
O'Xeil of Cochise. They were in the
middle of the lake when a storm burst
and the drenched engine of their motor
launch refused to operate. They man
aged to reach the lake bank, thence to
walk a couple of miles to the hotel.
Despite their experiences, all hands
were at their desks Monday morning,
though tanned and tired.
There Is a story that Colter is about
to Issue another manifesto concerning
his candidacy for governor one de
signed to reassure the Hunt wing oi
the party that he remains steadfast
In his advocacy of Hunt principles and
that he will so continue during his ad
ministration, in the event of success at
the polls.
In the governor's oifice is an oil
painting by Megargee, assumed to be
that of President Claridge of the sen
ate, apparently painted from anything
but life. Portraiture is not considered
this artist's specialty. His best work
has been Indians. "JIaybe that's why
ic was he painted the portrait,'' sug
gested a critical state official, "for ev
erybody knows that Claridge is 'a good
Indian,' in politics, at least."
County Briefs
Daniel G. Heylmun, a resident of
Tombstone in '80 and '81 died last
week at Mount Morris, N. V. Mr. Heyl
n: mi built a house on what has since
been the Woleolt residence property.
He nas a cousin of Mrs. J. A. Rock
fellow. Mrs. V. A. Wood, wife of Chief Dep
uty Treasurer V. A. Wood, returned
home to Tombstone yesterday morning
on the Golden State limited from Ne
vada, Missouri, where she has been oi
a several months' visit with relative.
On her way home, Mrs. Wood also
visited relatives at St. Louis. Mo. Mi".
Wood met her at the train at Fair
bauk. Mr. and Mrs. II. A. Lowderinilk. of
Willeox. spent Tuesday night in Tomb
stone. Mr. Lowderinilk was there for
Hie purpose of enlisting- in the army.
Yesterday morning he started for
Camp Cody. He has been assistant i
cashier ol the Willeox Hank and Trait
company and voluntarily gives up his
position to do his part in strangling
autocracy. He already has a brother
in France. Mrs. Lowderinilk Is the
daughter of H. E. Dunlap of the Will
cos bank.
Harry Carter, who left Tombstone
about the time the war broke out, with
the intention of joining the army at
some point where he would sure to
go "over there" at once, lias -been
heard from. Tuesday night's dispatch
es announce among those seriously
wounded in Europe. Corpora! Harry I
("arler. Carter worked for the Una-1
ilnira W'Hif-r company just previous
to toing to Frame. Going there from
Douglas. For a long time no word has i
bleu reiehtd from him and it wa j
thought he ii.id been killed or take'l ;
prisoner in the trenches, since money i
The Call
Is for Men
Secretary Richardson, Soon to
Leave for New Welfare
Work in Tennessee, Faces
Shortage of Staff Men for
This Work
. General Secretary Richardson, of
the local Y. M. C. A., who leaves July
1st for his new field of labor at Nash
vifle, Tenn., Is confronting a very seri
ous shortage of secretarial timber, and
in an interview with Mr. Richardson,
be gave out some information relative
to the big work ahead of him witli
the Dupont Powder company, located
adjacent to the city of Nashville.
"I have accepted a position with the
Dupont people as executive secretary
for the welfare department, this in
cluding all recreational, educational,
religious and social service.
"Three Y. M. C. A. buildings are to
be constructed, one of which is already
about completed and will be dedicated
this month; the other two following In
a couple of months. This will call for
a staff of three general secretaries and
the full complement of assistants:
physical directors, educational secre
taries, stenographers, clerks, religio is
work secretaries, business secretaries,
etc. Word received from the state
secretary at Nashville advises that In
all probability about 100 men will be
required to man the three buildings.
"To secure competent men of the
right type to fill these positions is our
problem; men who are willing to mak
the necessary sacrifices and required
readjustments to render the greatest
possible service; men who aredooking
for a vocation, rather than a job: men
who are willing to undergo drudgery
If necessary, long hours at times, an.l
many periods of high tension, nerve-
racking work; men of undaunted te
sourcefulness and initiative, men who
want to serve rather than be served
this ie the largest task before tne just
now. About ten secretaries are on the
job and a number of prospects are be
ing considered, but we are anxious to
get It) touch with many more. Twenty
thousand men are already at work in
the munition plant, but 10.000 more
will be employed. The Dupont's are
Investing $60.M)0,(HiO in the plants the
largest yet constructed. I understand.
While the plant at present is purely a
war-time measure, still it is to be a
permanent fixture after the war.
"The New York office advises us
that the company is exceedingly
fnxiou to render every support to the
Y. M. C. A. movement, the buildings,
equipment, etc.. are all at company
expenses, and they desire to so render
financial asistance that 100 per cent
of the time and effort of every secre
tary employed may be givpn to the
service of the thousands of employes.
'I shall be very glad to talk with
any man who might be eligible to such
service. Our regular secretarial ranks
are so depleted due to the hundreds
of men who leave voluntarily and in
the draft, and the several thousand
who are serving in t'.ie army Y. M. C.
A. in the state and overseas, that we
are compelled to look to the indurltlej.
professions and business for recruits."
that was sent him irom here, had beea
returned. letters written to him by
his mother, who resides In the east,
were also returned.
Cards announcing the betrothal of
('apt. John Archibald Parker and Miss
Dorothea Lewis Packard were re
ceived by friend'? yesterday. Miss.
Packard is the youngest daughter ot
Hon. B. A. Packard of Douglas. Sha
is prominent in society, a talented
singer and an enthusiastic member of
the Music club and 'a zealous Re-1
Cross worker. Captain Parker is sta
tioned at .Camp Jones with the 30Sta
rrvalry, and was a lawyer before join
ing the national army. His father,
D. J. Parker, is a prominent planta
tion owner of Duke. North Carolini.
Captain Parker is a graduate of tne
University of North Carolina and prac
ticed law in Charlotte, North Carolina,
for ten years. He was an officer of
the .North Carolina national, guard
when he was transferred to the na
tional armv February 24, 191S.
The pipe line extension from the
iinu. hii, a Water roinnanv line near
the McCargo residence at Tombstone
is being extended to the road camp
and will be connected up, which wi 1
put the water right into the camp and
also to the mixing boards for the con
struction o." the Luton Arch bridge
that is to cross the only big gully be
tween Tombstone and Bisbee, or at
least it will be the biggest bridge be
tween those points. It will be H'O
feet long and about fifty feet high.
This water connection will be of Ines
timable value to the -camp and road
work. There will be but little water
.hauling by truck for the balance of
the work on this stretch and what Is
hauled will be for culvert work only
and the small bridge to he erected
one and one-half miles from Tomb
stone. It is believed that in another
two weeks the road will be opened
up almost to the big bridge and that
traffic will stop going over the hills
but will go via the old ball ground
until the road is opened in i's entirety.
This will be welcome news to all
people who drive any kind of a vehicle
between Bisbe and Tombstone.
The editor of the Daily International
Is In receipt of another letter from J.
S. Douglas from overseas. Mr. Doug
las sends two mailing cards bearing
pictures of the Solssona cathedral, one
showing how it has been battered by
enemy shells. On the back of thoso
shells he writes the following: 'I saw
six shells dropped into Solssons ' by
the Huns on Faster Sunday. One of
them killed seven women and children.
1 was on a hill back of the town half
a mile away." The cathedral Is shown
by the cards to be a niagiiihrieiil I
structure, one showing the splendor of
the interior. It Is sad to contemplate i
such a btruituie teiu dio'iitd F"l j
lowing it. t lie letter of Mr IhiUsla. j
"Hotel Mirabeau, Pans, Ma;- 10. Mil
Dear George; Today being Penticost
and a holiday I have bad a nap after
lunch and have been reading your
paper of May 2nd and want to say that
I am proud of you, your paper and of
Douglas, Arizona. Believe me It doe
me good to feel that our people have
finally "come alive," but how they will
regret the delay in the matter of pre
paredness. At last we have warm
weather and the country Is simply en
transingly beautiful. It is well named
La Belle France. It's beauties beggar
description and Its people are wonder
ful. No wonder the French rarely
emigrate. My best regards to all at
home. Yours Blncerely, J. S- Douglas."
Brief State Notes
Doctor A. L. Gustetter" of Nogaies
has accepted a commission as captain
in the medical corps of the army, and
reported lor duty at San Diego on
j Monday. Dr. H. W. Pnrdy will take
care or nis practice.
Eleven cars of hides will be shipped
out of Nogaies In the next two days
by the Los Angeles Tanning company,
to make shoes for Uncle Sam's sol
dier boys. This Is a portion of a big
contract the company has with the
United States government and on
which they shipped fourteen cars some
time ago. They expect to complete
the contract some time this month.
The hunt for Vicente Gonzales whom
It is believed strangled to death little
Jose Alezes near Chandler last Wed
nesday, continued yesterday, but Gon
zales at a late hour last night had
not been captured. Sheriff Wilky holds
to the theory that Gonzales is some
place between Chandler and Desert
Wells and says he is convinced Gon
zales will be captured soon. Yester
day. Sheriff Wilky and Deputy Sheriff
Ed. Warren combed the west side upon
advices from the West Side store that
a niaa answering Gonzales' descrip
tion was seen In that vicinity. The
officers returned to change their be
lief that Gonzales would be captured
to the south, presumably In the vicin
ity of the crime.
Q-Jlet. but Impressive, were the
funeral cervices at Arlington National
cemetery for Colonel Alexander O.
Brodie. former governor of Arizona
territory, who died at his home. Had
donfteld. New Jersey on May 10. De
tails of the ceremony weer recounted
In a letter from Mrs. Brodie and re
ceived at the office of tb? governor at
the state house. On the casket writes
Mrs. Brodie. was draped the first flag
of the Arizona Rough Riders of whtcn
organization Colonel Brodie was a
member. This flag was held in place
on the casket by the sword presented
to him by the citizens of Arizona upon
the occasion of his retirement from
the governorship.
The band of the 15Sth infantry
which Arizona claims as Its own and
which spent three days of last week
in Phcenix. Is to be increased in size
to fifty members. This is in accord
ance with the orders of the general
staff just issued. To continue this band
as an Arizona institution, it is the de
sire of those in charge of th organiza
tion to recruit the needed musicians
from this state, it was announced yes
terday at the office of the adjutant
general. Opportunity, therefore, la
given musicians of this state, between
the ages of 21 and 40 years of age.
to Join this fine organization which has
earned a reputation as one of the best
bands In the army Service. All must
be physicaly fit. however. Musicians
of this state who desire to belong to
the 15Sth infantry band, whether of
draft age or older, should communi
cate with Colonel Charles W. Harris,
adutant general. Musicians of all
instruments are required. This band
will, without doubt. "se something"
before the members retire to private
life. There it is an unusual oppor
tunity that Is offered to first clas mu
sicians of this state.
Incomplete reports of the registra
tion held in Arizona June 5 of all
young men who became 21 years of
age since une 5, 1917, as compiled at
the oft ice of Colonel Charles W. Har
ris, adjutant general, show that 1,42.5
young men were placed on the rolls.
These returns do not include figures
from Yavapai county. That countr
probably will have a registration re
port of about 250, which will be the
second largest in the state, according
to the opinion of draft headquarters
officials. Of the 1.42:; who are re
ported as registered. 1.0S7 are white
registrants of countries not at war
with the United States; 11 are colored
registrants from like countries. botU
classes of which are eligible to classi
fication and induction into the service;
334 are aliens. non-ieclarents. subjects
of countries with which the United
States is not at war. Adding the esti
mated registration from Yavapai coun
ty, it is stated that the total registra
tion of Arizona on June 5 was 1.6.. A
Whiic in the first registration Cochise
ccunty registered a total of 6.805 men
and Maricopa county a total of i.JiO.
which is in a fair comparison with the
population of the two counties on this
registration of June 5. Cochise county
reported a registration of only 217,
while Marleopa came in with a total
of 4";;, nearly double that of Cochise.
Other comparisons of the registration
of the counties of this state show n
relation whatever to the totals of the
first registration. According to or
ders received at draft headquarters
from Washington, registrations of men
who have become 21 years old will
be held every three months, thus add
ing a constant supply of new regis
trants for classification.
STORM ASSISTS FLYER
lF!y R'-vlrw leased Wire)
NEW YORK. June 12. In a victor
ious race with a thunderstorm. Lieu
tenant Culver today broke the air-post
record between Philadelphia and New
York. He left Philadelphia at 2: JO p.
in. and arrived at Belmont Park forty
two minutes later, flying at the rata
of 147 miles an hour.
At Trenton the flyer overtook a
thunderstorm moving in the same di
rectum Facing thro'rgh it. he Lei
the tain iuto belmuut Park half an
hour.
-V
3 THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY MORNING, JUNE 13, 1918.
FIVE
DAILY REVIEW WANT ADS
Advertisements under this head at the rate of 1 cent per word each Issue, with a minimum charge of 25 cents
Advertisements must reach The Review oifice not later than 8 p. ni. for Insertion In nest morning's paper.
Male Help Wanted
WRITE TO "Y. M. C. A. Schools, Los
"Angeles," about Auto, Radio, Com
mercial and Engineering courses.
Traill for service. 268
i
WANTED Solicitor Central Tailors. J
Lowell, Main street. J
WANTED Boy for stock room. Ad
dress Box 547. Give full particu
lars. 1S-
WANTED
Some of our best men
have been called to the colors and 1
need 2 Spanish speaking men to fill
these vacancies. Have good travel
ing position in advertising crew lor
la. go Chicago house, good pay, per
. . .ic it position, chance lor advance
"... Reference required. Call in
. .a from 10 a. m. to 3 p. to. A.
1. ...iunghaiu. Room 14, Philadel--Hotel.
170
LEARN actual auto repairing, book
keeping, shorthand, radio engineer
ing, xoung Men's Christian Asso
ciation, Los Angeles. Catalog free.
23'J
f emale ireip Wanted
WANTED First class laundress one
day each week. Phone 748
J08
WANTED Competent girl tor gen
eral fa. nue wont Phone green 853.
6S4
positions Wanted
WANTED Position as waitress or
pastry cook. Call 559. 180
WANTED Outside work of any kind.
Fuller Bishop, 2 Krueger Flats. P.
O. .Box 884 W arren. 168
tor bale
FOR SALE One 5-rooin bungalow at
Warren. Box 3622, Lowell. Piione
green 141). 132
FOR SALE Large
with glass porcn;
around house. 41 U
4-room house;
cement walli
K. street. , 746
FOil SALE Neatly luruisnea o-rooiu l
tlat; with bath. Down town; no!
huls, $150.00. Box 646, BisDee. 13J
FOR SALE Two lots, house and gi-j
rage. Win wood addition. it. J. j
Brown. 12?
FOR SALE Furniture of 18 rooms;
house for rent. Broadway Rooming !F(m KEXTTwo fulnished house- I hereby announce myself as a can
House, Brewery Gulch. ub j kGlJl)il.g roolna. i2u Upper Lowell, jdidatc for the nominatiuii as Justice of
FOR SALE
Bisbee. -Work horse. Box 2163
63
FOR SALE 4-iooui bouse; large cel
lar; chicken house; fruit treeb. Casu
or terms. Box tiJ, Warren. 6.'
FOR SALE Durham Jersey; come
fresh. Joe Rivera, 223 Uign Road. .
3S
FOK SALE Span large, young mules
F. W. Donnelley, -at Warren Schooi
Box 874, Warren. 9v
CLOS1NG OUT SALE Going out ot
business; Sale Open June bth, 13ib.
We want to close out in side of 60 I
days. Please call in and see us.
New and Second Hand Furniture.
Chris Keikkinen,, Furniture Store
Johnson Add. 2
SEED Choice, re-cleaned, dwarf Milo!'01 RENT Furnished room; clcse
maize, also clean cnicken teed. , Call j."; outside entrance. Phone black
at the Bisbee -Mill, back of Toiuu-1 u!)- 'I'll
stone Canyon fire house, for iuspec- .,. u V , . . .
, H 'i 1-OR RLNT Bisbee Hotel, Furnished
tion and prices. rooms with running water. 352
FOR SALE Furniture, of 3-roou !
house; with privilege of renting j
house. Moon Canyon. A. A. Cloulh-!
ier. Phone 63S. lt5 I
FOR SALE Ford touring car; cheap j
Call or phone blue 588. 621
FOR SALE Fresh Jersey milk cow. j
Apply Joe Diaz, behind Brophy Gar-;
age, Lowell. 312 .
FOR SALE Belgian Hares, Newzea
land reds, does and suial! rabbits.
C. E. Lrullard. Naco Road. G42
j
FOR SALE 3-room house; v. ilh j
screen porch. John Iloran, Jones !
Hill.
84
FOR SALE Oossard Corsets, from $2
up. All corsets fitted. Ines Warbur
ton, ever Independent Feed Store
Phone 811. LSG
FOR SALE Fresh sweet peas.' Mrs.
Geo. Eiting, Tombbtone Canyon,
above car line. Phone 333. 1SI
FOR SALE Miners Hotel. 14 rooms,!
bargain if taken at on'e. Musi . "
leave on account of sickness. Easy , WHY WORK FOR OTHERS?-Eslab-terms.
133 : l'sn cne of our Automatic Advert Is-
FOR SALE OR RENT One 4-room
houFe; furnished; clos3 in. Apply .
at Copper Quen Dispensr ry. 104
For Rent
i Of RENT Two faiiiislied housl
Keriing rooms, 810; lights and
water. 71 Upper Lowcil. 125
k J't RENT 4 room housp, 83 Voung
blool Hill or Tammany Hall. 1j7
1 "J!l RENT Two fuinuhed looms
for light housekeeping. Lights,
water and gas. 163 Opcr-i Drive. 1st
FOR RENT Furnished Irout rood
and kitchenette with bath adjoining.
Private entrance. 117-A Tomlic:i !
Canyon after 5 p. m.
1 Hi RENT Two lare, clean, furn
ished rooms; v.itii pantry and iiciit
porcli. St; Ujier Loueii. See
Cuuiiii)'i:ti:i. at .Mc Who.lc: s,
twien 12 and 4.
.Mr.
Iie-
123
FJ.; RENT i-iooms; fiirubhcri for
housekeeping; also two rooms lor
housekeeping, ol Jiggei ille, t los't
to C. Q .Machine tiops No chil
dren. 10 1
For Rent
FOR RENT One
furnished house.
4-room, modern,
Upper Tombstone
Canyon. Phone 544
12; i
FOR RENT Furnished housekeeping
apartments. 1SJ Teniby Ave., blocK
north High School.
lt3 .
FOR RENT One 3 room house; newly
nanered. Apply t.t the upper Van-
aerwalker house in Moon Canyon.
;FOU RENT Housekeeping rooms:
summer rates. Two to sis rooms.
bC Upper Lowell, across from depot.
63
FOR' RENT 2-rcom and 4-room furn
ished houses. 3 Nevada avenue,
Johnson Addition. Call alter 4:30.
68
FOR RENT Two furnished house
keeping rooms, 13. Across from El
Paso House, phone 548. 35 ,
FOR RENT 5-rooui house and bath;
close in. Address K, care Review.
27
FOR RENT 4-rocm house; four rooms
new furniture for sale. 63 Star Ave
Tombstone canyon. . LI
FOR REN.T Large housekeeping
room iurnished with lights and wa
ter. Black House. Phone 610, opp.
Loretto School. li
FOR RENT Newly papered 2-room
apts. Large rooms, well furnished,
1S to $20 month. Third house south
of church. South Bisbee. 172
; FOR KENT Three furnished house-
keeping rooms.
18S Naco Road. Call
Blue 562.
173
FOR RENT Two furnished rooms for
housekeeping. Apply James Riley,
114-A Higgins Hill. 17
U'OR RENT Store room, witn lar-je
basement. New I. O. O. F. building.
Apply Trustee E. A. Watkins, Secy.,
box 635. ; , 12
FOK rENT
Five room house; com
pletely furnished. No. 63, Mason
Hill 36
FOR r:ENT Two story building, with
lari:e basement, suiiabla for whole
sale bouse or storage and warefiouse
business. , In center of Bisbee busi
ness uis'.n'ct. Rent reasonable. Ap
ply fcisbee Daiiy Review. 52
77 !
!
Furnished Rooms
FOR RENT Very dcurable rooms.
Allen Block. Apply to M. C. High.
136
FOR RENT Two furnished rooms. 3 J
Joiinson ave. m 173
'
FOR RENT Three furnished rooms; ;
No. 11 Garden Hill. John McArdie. !
lfi2 !
FOR RENT Good clean single rooms
Good beds, $5 month. Third house
south of church. South Bisbee, close
j to mines. 172
IFOR
RENT Two
furnished
rooms.
3 Jiggerville.
17o l
MOOrJE HOTEL Furnished rooms
$2.00 per week and up. 277
FOR RENT Two ' cool, famished
rnnms wilh lnrizn KiTPfn nnrfd .,
small children. 101 Higgins Hfll. l
33
Wanted
WANTED -chickens.
1337.
Large refrigerator and
Phone Green 63C. Box
177 ;
WANTED Sleeping porch; by n
young business man. Must be clean,
clo.se in and reasonable. Box P. 1!.,
Review.
121
WANTED Auto passage to Los Ange
ien, by lady, 2n2 lytco Road. 6
WANTED Sewing by the day.
825. Mrs. McQuade.
Call
SS8
OLD CLOTHES bought.
Phone 733.
085
Agents
ing Chains; become independent.
I'liiiiiiitod field of operation, oppor
tunities and pleasant b'lsim-ss. West
ern Mfg. Co., 30'! ILtKimi liliig., Ia
Angeles, Calif. f3
INDEPENDENT
Cor.iraclor and Builder
Estimates and Plans Furnished
Wm. McDOUGALL
OPPOSITE LINCOLN SCHOOL
PHONE GREEN 72
I'
nr.RBi-..r en t celt phone ii i
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
Miscellaneous
' madame j. kea keys, St. -Regis no-
tel. Lowell, Am. Phone 62. Clair
voyant ana crystal reader. ueaa
trance spirit medium, born with a
double veil, without asking questions
gives you dates, facts and figures,
and will read your entire life. 535
1 COLORED HAND LAUNDRY Who
does washing, ironing and darns
men's clothes.
Phone black 852. 34
I rltl defeating Tyler in a pitchers bat
RAM SEY CANYON Big Dance, June ; ue -l Ue omy ruu was scored by iluiii
15, 1918. Good music and good time! the 1Ugl ,nnlng wnen ne received
assured. Everybody' invited. I cieait for a home run w hen FlacK snp-
Money to Loan
SMALL quick loans on your personal
noto to salaried men and women, al -
so on furniture. Cox Loan Co. Room
2, Lyric Theatre building. 166
Political
Announcements
I
FOR SHERIFF
I hereby announce myself as a can
didate 'or the nomination for the office
ot Sheriff of Cochise county, subject
to the will of the voters at the demo
cratic primary to be held on Septem
ber 10, 1318.
C. E. CROSS.
FOR CONSTABLE
I hereby announce myself as a can
didate for the nomination as Constable
for the Lowell Precinct, No. 3. Sub
ject to the action of the Democratic
voters of that precinct in the primaries
on September 10th.
1167 H. H. BOHMFALK.
FOR TREASURER
I hereoy announce myself as a can
didate tor the nomination for the of-
! fice ot Treasurer oi Locnise count,.
suujeci. io uie wm m wc
democratic primary to be held on
September 10, 1318.
GUY C. WELCH.
FOR CLERK, SUPERIOR ooUnl
I hereby announce myseu as a can-1 CHiCAgo, June 12. Mays held Chi
didate for the nomination for the of-. , three nits while uoston bunch-
tice of Clerk, Superior Court ot Co
chise county, subject to the will of the
voters at the democratic primary to be
held on September 10, 1318.
J. E. JAMES.
ena .HiSTir.E OF PEACE
the Peace, for the Lowell iTecmci,
3 Subject to the action of the Demiv
cratic voters of that precinct in th2
nrimaries on September 10th.
J. L. WINTERS.
FOR JUDGE, SUPERIOR COURT
I hereby announce myself as a can
Uidale for the nomination for tne of-
fice of Judge, Superior Court o: Co-
chise county, subject to the will of the
voters at the democratic primary to be
n(j on September 10, 1318.
"" ALFRED C. LOCKWOOD.
FOR SHERIFF
I hereby announce myself as a can
didate for the nomination for the office
of Sheriff of Cochise county, subject
to the will of the voters at the demo
cratic primary to be held on Septem
ber 10, 1918.
, W. S. BRAKFIELD.
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Solicits Your
Patronage
PHONE 58 ,
GOLDEN HOTEL
Every room with running water
and outside windows.
Rates by tho day, week or
month.
BISBEE TRANSFER,
mj i vjivvjl. ex. uum, vy.
Warc'iouse &. OfTice Opposite Depnt
PHONES 640 and 50.
HENNESSY
Undertaking Parlors
PHONE 15. O K ST.
Richard Glaze, Oph. D.N.D.
Practice Limited to Eye and Nerve
Disorders.
Phone 156. Office and residence
firtt house west of Masonic Temple,
Main Street, Bisbee, Arizona.
Glasses fitted by the latest methods.
JOHN G. WILSON
Contractor
and Builder
ESTIMATES FURNISHED ON
ALL CLASSES OF BUILINGS
SEE ME LAST Phone Green 782
r r;- MTlUM
Baseball Scores
NATIONAL LEAGUE
W. L.' Pet.
Chicago 31 la .704
New ork 30 15 .60S
Cincinnati 23 23 .500
Boston 21 2o .456
Pittsburg 2U 24 .4a4
Philadelphia 18 25 .4l!t
SU Louis 18 2o .413
Brooklyn 1 28 .;so
CHICAGO SLUMPS
NEW YORK, June 12. New York
I broke Chicago s winning streak, Per-
Ded on the wet turf
in lieldmg Ins
j grOUnU Ull. 1 lie vuu (iluci um .-iv.
allow a nil aiier me secouu mums.
It. 11. E.
i j;h.icago 000 OOO 0U0 o 'j ')
j ew York. loo ouo oox 1 2 1
j iyier ana Killiter; Pemti and Mc-
! Cany.
PHILADELPHIA, June 12-phia-SU
Louis, rain.
-rhiladel-
BROOKLYN,
Cincinnati, rain.
June 12. Brooklyn-
BOSTON BLANKS PITTSBURG
BOSTON, June 12. Flllingem pitch
ed Boston to victory over Pittsburg.
He was given remarkable support by
Herzog, Rehg and Powell. Boston
jumped to fourth position in the league
standing as a result of the victory.
R. H. .
Pittsburg 000 000 0000 3 0
Boston 100 000 OOx 1 5 0
Miller and Schmidt; Fillingem and
Wilson.
AMERICAN LEAGUE
lct
.cou
W.
...31
...27
...21
...27
...25
...22
...13
...15
L.
20
21
20
24
2G
24
Boston
New York ..
Chicago
Cleveland . .
Washington
St. Louis . . ,
Philadelphia
Detroit
545 1
23 I
BOSTON, BUNCHES BINGLES
ed hits off Danforth Benz and Wolf
gang.
Harry Hooper, newly appointed cap
tain of thk Boston club, who succeed
ed Hoblitzell, who has becu commis
sioned a lieutenant in the dental corps
of the army, made four hits.
R. H. E,
Boston ...020 000 2037 14 1
Chicago 000 000 000 0 3 1
Mays and Schang; Danforth, Benz,
W'alfgang and Schalk.
RUSSELL HARD HIT I be in the City of Bisbee, County oi Co-1 rectors may be filled by tne remain-
CLEVELANB. June 12. Cleveland chise, State of Arizona, but branch of-Jing members of the Board by eppoint
battcd Russell out of the box in the fices may be kept and maintained atjmer.t from among the stockholders,
fourth but Love proved a puzzle. Mor- such other places, either In the United and such appointment shall be ior the
ton was very effective at the start of States of America, or In the Republic j unexpired term for which the appoiut
the contest but let down toward the of Mexico, as the Directors may do-Jnient is made.
close when errors by Evans and termine. j The Board of Directors shall have
Wcnibsganss also aided New York. Article III. 'the power to adopt by-laws and to
R. H. E. i The time of the commencement of ; amend and repeal the same; to deflus
New York ..'....000 001 2025 8 0 this Corporation shall be the date of , the duties of the officers, agents ana
Cleveland Ill 301 OOOx 7 11 3 ! the issuance by the Arizona Corpora-1 cierks of this corporation, anj to uiako
Russell, Love and Walters; Morton ! tion Commission of a Certilicate of In- jail rules and regulations deemed neces-
and 'Thomas
WIN iVl LAST FRAME
DETROIT, Mich.. June 12. A three
base bit by Shannon and a single by
Gregg in the ninth gave Philadelphia
, a victory over Detroit. The fielding
' of Dugau and Gardner was noteworthy,
i Dugan prevented a possible tie when
i with a man on bas.e he leaped into the
air and ended the game by catching
i Keilnian's drive.
i , K. H. E.
Philadelphia ' 011 001 0014 7 3
Detroit ! 020 001 Olio 3
I ' Gregg and McAvoy; Kallio
3 2
and
Spencer.
WASHINGTON RISTS
ST.- LOUIS, June 12. After blank
ing Washington for eight Innings
Shacker weakened in the ninth and
the visitors pounded 'his offerings to
all corners1 of the park. The victory
put Washington in fifth place. Reese,
purchased from the St. Louis Nation
als yesterday by Manager Griffith, getn
credit for the victory. He pitched but
one inning, being taken out for a pinch
hitter.
Severeid caught bis first game of
the season for the locals.
R. If. E.
Washington ooo ooo 01166 13 3
St. Louis 021 Duo 1004 lo 0
! Harper, Reese, Johnson and Ain
Hinitli; Shocker, Gallia ami Severed.
COAST LEAGUE.
Salt I.nke ...
Lcs Angeles . .
Vernon
Sacramento ..
San Francisco
Oakland
.3S
.33
IS
31
t;t,ti
r.'J 1
.51
.492
.4r7
.413
..31 33
Oakland. 3; Vernon. 7.
Sacramento, 13; San Francisco, 4.
Ims Angeles. 3; ShU Lake, 4.
WESTERN LEAGUE.
St. Joseph, 6; Oklahoma, City. 7.
Fieux City, 2; Jmilin. 1.
Omulia, 4: Hutchinson. 7.
Wichita. 4; Des Voltics, C.
AMERICAN ASSN.
At IndianniKjlIp, 12; Milwaukee,
At .Louisville. 11; St. Paul. 5.
At Columbus, 4; Minneapolis, 3
At Toledo, 7; Kansas City, 5.
SOUTHERN ASSN.
I At New Orleans. .'!; .Memphis,
At Nashville. 12; Atlanta,
i At lliriningliam. 2: ClKiUanoo
; ( l'l innings I tie. la; I m.s
At Lf'tle Hock. 12: .Mobile, e.
REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS
QUEEN RUNS AWAY
WITH J. B. OUTFIT i
lu a game featured by heavy hitting j
on the side of the Copper Quota nine I
and by poor fielding and base run
ning ou tne side of the Junction Briggs
aggregation, the Queen defeated tne
J B. yesterday at the Warren park 21
to 8. The game lasted until almost too
dark to run alter the wild throws and
long hits. The score follows:
R. 11. E.
Copper Queen 21 22 3
Junction Briggs 8 13 8
Batteries: Copper Queen Cothrau
and LeBrand; junction Briggs Os
wald, Eason, Flock and Wolgamot.
BAN ON BOXING
(Uy Review Lease! Wliei
CINCi.n.Sai i, juiiu li. uoxuig may
be under tne ban in Ciiicinmui uuriug
the remainder ot tne administration oi
Mayor Jonn Gaiviu. '1 uis waa indicat
ed today wnen tne mayor in a letter
to the local boxing commission olncial
I ly ordered that mere should not be any
mi bsumiuer auer me one scucuuieu
tor tonight.
Forty-five thousand dollars was the
sum- received by J. F. Brown, a rancu
er who owned 320 acres of land about
ten miles east of Casa Grande.
RULED INDEX CRDS 5x3 incuts,
for sale at Review Job Department.
315
AKflCLtS Oh INCOKHOnxl iON or
NORTH TIGRE LEASING
COMPANY
KNOW ALL MEN
RY TIlKSf
PRESENTS: That we whose hands
ore affixed hereunto, being desirous of j
organising a corporation under the i
laws of the State of Arizona, fur the
lawtul enterprise, business and occi-
patiou hereinafter mentioned, have
tuis uay associaieu ourselves logemer
into a body corporate, and do here -
j by make, sign, acknowledge and adopt
i -
Article I.
4(j I The names of ti.e incorporators uf
.478 : la,li Corporation are J. P. Connolly,
'4 12 whose residance and postoffice aa
jj' dress is Bisbee, Arizona; F. D. Huir
Den. wnose resiuence aim pcswmice j
address is Douglas, Arizona; fraiut J j
Holmes, whose residence aud postot-1
fice address is Douglas, Arizona; Hart-
well Nowell, whose residence and post- j
office address is Bisbee, Arizona; P. '
H. Fitzpatrick, whose resiuence and!
postoffice address is Bisbee, Arizona; !
and W. S. Gilmore, whose residence j
and postoffice address is Boston, Mas-;
sachusetts. '
The name of this Corporation, and :
by which it shull be authorized .to i
transact business U, and snail- be, '
XOKl II TIGRE LEASING COMPANY .
Article'll '. I
The principal place of transacting
the business of the Corporation shall
corporation to this Corporation and
the termination thereof shall be twen-
ly-l'ive (25) years thereafter.
Article IV.
-ri. ,.,, ,.'f i.,!T,a
. . i . . .-l v. s -.-
poratiun is as iollows, to-wit: to pur
chase, locate, lease, bond or other
wise, acquire, own, exchange, sell,
mortgage, lease or otherwise dispose
ot mines, mining claims, mineral lands,
real estate, tlmoer lands, water, waier ;
rights and oil lands, and to use, work, ',
mine, operate, explore auu develop the 1
same; to purchase, leaoe, erect, owu
ccneentrators. crushers, smellers and
all other kind of reduction works; to
i . ii k.. .. i ,i i i
buv, own, sell, exchange r.nd deal in i
., . ', .,., , ,,
. . ..i i ii
Kiuuo Ul guuiiB, auu mui uutaiiui.-ic , w
own, conduct and lease supply houses,
stores, restaurants, hotels, and board-1
ing houses, and to do a general mer-1
cautile. manufacturing and mining
business; to buy, contract, main
tain, lease and operate telegraph
and telephone lines, canals, roads,
ditches, flumes, pipelines, and
reservoirs; to borrow money anil to
give notes and bonds therefor and to
secure tho same by mortgage or trust
deed upon any of the property of this
corporation; also to purchase, acna-re.
own, sell, pledge or otherwise dispose
ot the stock of this corporation, as well
as tho stock and bonds of other cor
poration:;, aud to do and perform all
Miings necessary to properly and fully
I carry out the objects aforesaid within,
the United States of America and the
Republic of Mexico.
Article V.
Tho authorized amount of the capi
tal stuck of this corporation r.h;;ll he
One II u lull ed and Eighty-scvi n Thou
sand. Five H .:ulred Dollars, $'7,
500), divided into Seven Hundred ar.d
Fifty Thousand (75o.o(nn shares of the
par value of Twenty-five (2"c) cents
euch. which stock may be issued in ex
change for money,' property, services,
or the stock of other corporations, at
such times and upon such terms and
conditions as tho Board of Directors .
may determine, and the cnpltal stocK
heii so Issiied shall thereupon am!
thereby be and become fully paid and
iitm-ass'jssjble, the judgment of the Di
rector.! as to the value of the property
purchased and the services rendered
shall be conclusive.
Article V1!.
The business affairs of this corpera-
ition sh:ill bo conducted by a Board of
Directors, consisting of not leys tba'i
!'! (." nor more than seven (7) mem-
, bers. 'ch of whom shall be a stock
holder of this corporal ion. All !i
; rectiir.) sliall be elected miliually at
(lie regular annual meeting of tin
stockholders if tills, corporation.
" hicb Khali lie held on the Fin t day ot
June iu each year hereatler. and they
shall hold their oliices until their tuc-
LODGE NOTICES
Cards of every fraternal order In the Warren District; giving the essential
facts cf each, their meeting nights, th-ir officers and the place of gather- I
ing will he found under their respective headings in these columns. I
CALEDONIAN SOCIETY,
meets first and
third Thursdays
of each month in
Methodist Hall,
School Hill. Na
tives and de-
s c o n d a nts of
of Scotland cordi
ally invited.
TIIOS. ML' AT. President, box 136.
M. MAINLAND, Secretary.
BISBEE LODGE, NO. 718.
L. O. O. M.
Meets every Friday nignt. Moose Hall
Visiting brothers cordially invited.
R. R. GLEASON, Director.
KAY ROSS, Secretary.
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA.
DREADN AUGHT.
L. O. I NO. 210.
meets Is 1 O.
O. F. Hall first
.V- V
MONDAY
St
AF' '
7:30
p. m.
is ting broth-
cordially
Vi1. -. invited to at-
Wm. T. SMITHAN, W. H.
ROBERT FERGUS, Secretary
P. O. Box 426, Bisboe,
HKUincHnuuu or aimckio.n
YEOMAN
Richard I, Homestead 895, meets
second and fourth Tuesday at Odd
Fellows' baiL Visiting Archers axe
coniia!ly invitee.
miS c c FiNLAYSON, Foreman
1 c jjox 15.)6
j R u STLNSON. Correspondent
Box 1430.
l
BISSEE LODGE, NO. 10, I. O. O. F
meets ever)
WEDNESDAY
evening at Odd
FeUows' Hall,
;Mam Btreet at 7:3(J o-cl0ct Visitir
brothers cordially invited to attend.
jjan pQone
TAYLOR, N. G.
f CAUL V. NELSON. Secretary.
PYTHIAN SISTERS
Lily Temple No. 3 meets every 2nd
and 4th Thursday evening of each
month at Odd Fellows HalL Visiting
sisters are cordially invited. -
MINNIE BLUM, M. E. C.
- Phone Black 851.
IDA GLAZE, M. of R. C.
' Box 1475
-
cessors are eiecteu auu quaimeu.
I Ar.y vacancy in the Board cf Di-
.sary and proper for the" management
J of the aflairs of the business of this
corporation.
j lne following persons shall consti-
tute the first Board of Directors of
;this corporation: Jas. P. Harvey
'thiH corporation: Jas. V. Harvey. J. P.
1 Connolly. F. D. Hubbell, Hartwell No
well, Frank J. Holmes. P. H. Fitzpat
rick ai:d W. S. Gilmore, and they sball
i hold their otiices until the annual
I meeting of the stockholders of this cor
poratiou, to be held on the Hrst day
of June, 1313.
A majority of the Directors shall
constitute a quorum for the transac-
l...n 1. ...... ..... . . . 9
l8; ali(1 saiJ directors may hold their
f"st' "oeimg at any time at er the
coiumenci liier.i oi mis v ormiruiiou.
... , . .
I he otticeis oi this Corporation shi
orporation shall
be a President
Vice-President, Secre-
leers as tno Board ot Directors shall
from lime to time determine upon,
and such officers may be elected by
the Board of Directors at their first
meeting to serve for the ensuing year;
the offices cf Secretary and Treasurer
may be held by the eaiuc person.
Article VII.
The highest amount of indebtedness
or liability, direct or contingent, to
which this coi poruliou shall at any
tune subject itself, shall be One Hun
dred and Twenty-five Thousand ($12j,
0'i0 Dollars.
Article VIII.
The private properly of the stock
holders of liiis corporation hhall lie
Ii rever c i;i lit Ironi its coi imraie I
dehto of every nature whatsoever.
Art.cle IX.
These Ai.;eie 0t Ineorporatio.i may
be changed or amended ut any regular
mc.:tlns cf f?.; s tockholders, or ny
speciuri.uetlng thrrwif called for that
Hi.pose. by an affirmative ote ol a
majority ot the stock-then issued, pro-
vided at least thirty (30) days no'.tce
in writias t Mich proposed amend-1
ment to the Article.; ot Incorporation
hh.iii be- given lo the stockholders of
this Corporation.
IN V. llNES WHEREOF, we have
hereunto set our hands and seals this !
Thirty first d:iy of Mav.'A. D., 13W
F. D. HUBBELL.
FRANK J. HOLMES,
(seal) W. S. GILMORE.
P. H. FITZPATRICK.
J. P. CONNOLLY.
HARTWELL NOWELL.
STATE OF ARIZONA, COUNTY OF
CO 'HlriE, s.
Before ms. Viva L. Johnson, a No-
y Public, in and lor the Cor.nty at !
pch':e, st:te of Arizo'.a. on this l iy
person;!lly c.ppeared F. D. Hubbell,
I'r.iiil: .1 Holmes und W. S. (iihnoie.
known to tne lo be the persons whose
names uie subscribed to the foregoing
inst niineiit. and separately acknowi
cil.'eil to me that they executed the
tame for tin' purposes and loUtudi lo
tions Iheiein e.i essf(i.
Giveu under my hand aud seal of
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED AMERI
CAN MECHANICS.
lip
Meets In Medigovici
Hall every Tuesday
night Visiting brothers
welcome.
6. F. BENTON. Councillor.
J. L. BENTON. Recording Secretary.
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS.
Rath bona Lodra No. IB.
Kfcignts of Pythias,
meets each Thursday
(except second) ta Odd
FeUows' Hall at 7: 3
p. m. Visiting brothers
cordially invited.
LEON H. RICE. C a
EARL SOBLEY. K. of R. t
. LODGE NO. 671.
Regular meeting tint and third Fri
day of each month Visiting brothers
cordially invited to attend.
JAS. ALLISON. Exalted Ruler.
R- J. KELLY. Secretary.
KNIGHTS AND LADIES OF SECURI
TY, BISBEE COUNCIL NO. 1115.
.Meets every second and fourth Sat
uraays in the month at L O. O. F.
Hail. 7:30 p. m. Visiting members are
cordia'ly invited.
ARNOLD SCHMH). President
P. O. Box 3483. LowelL Ana.
FREDERICK J. ATTAWAT.
Secretary, LowelL
E. LINDQUIST, Financial Secretary,
P. O. Box 324S. LoweU.
WOOOMEN OF THE WORLD.
Lowell Camp No. 45 will
meet every Wednesday
at 7:30, Brophy NalL
F. C. SAXBY. C. C;
O. a THOMAS. Cler.
All Woodmen invited.
OR?ER OF. EA3TERN STAR.
mets In Masonic Hal
Pearl Chapter. No. , merit
in Masonic Hall second an
fourth Tuesday of ecr
month at 7:30 p. m.
MRS. EMMA WOODS, W. M.
Phone 161. Box 43. Bisbee.
MRS. JESSIE BEVAN, Sec'y. P. a
Box 2299. Chairman Relief Com,
Phone 161.
FRATERNAL ORDER OF EAGLES.
Bisbee Aerie, No. 175. F. G. meet
lirst and third TUESDAYS. 8 p. a.
Eagle.' Hall. Visitors cordially wel
come. J. F. WILMOTH. President
F. C. FENDERSON, Secretary.
C. L. EDMONDSON. Aerie Physician
FRATERNAL
BROTHERHOOD
T. F. a.
Bisbee Lodge No,
452 meets the 1st
and 3rd Mondays
ot each month at
7:30 at Medigo
vich HalL VUlt-
ing members cordially invited.
B. F. MOSS. Presideut
MRS. C. E. FINOTTL Treasurer.
Box 722. TeL 236. Red.
HONORA MUNCH. Secretary,
Xkx ig;x.
MODERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA.
-re-, Bisbee Camp No. 13415.
4 Meets first Tuesday at
Odd Fellows' Hall.
R. L. MOTZ. ConsuL
H. F. MATHEWSON.
Clerk.
WEEK ENDING JUNE 13. 131J.
Mocduy
Tuesday
Wednesday 1st Vgrv.
Thursday Chapter Reg.
. W. G1DLEY, W. M.
T. W ATKINS, Secy. F. & A. Jt-
J. W. TLAND, E. II. P.
C. F. PH1LBROOK, T.L1L
F. E. BENNETT. E. C,
F. S. DAVENPORT. Secretary Chas
ter and Commandery.
I W. R. BANKS. Secretary CouncfL
.ouxe tnis 3ist Oay oi .May. a. It ,
i VIVA L. JOHNSON,
i Notary Public, in and for the County
; of Co-hise. State of Ariaona.
', My Commission expires Nov. "0.
121. (Noi-riai r-ali
oTATK OF ARIZONA. COUNTY CF
I COCHISE, us.
He fore me. H. E. Dugan. a Notary ,
Public, in and for the County of t o-,
1 chls. State of Arla.ua. on this day
Personally appeared. J. P. ConnoKy.
Hnrtwcll Nowell and P. H. Fitinatrick.
known to me to be the persons whote
names' arc suhscrthitt to tne rorrgoir:.
instrument. an neparately arkno I
1 edgeU to me that ihpy executed t!'.
same for the purposes and cont-ldera-j
Con therein expressed.
; Given under my hnd and seal of ol
, lice this 31 day of May. A. D.. 191S.
; H. E. DUGAN.
Notary, Public Cochijo Couuty, Ari
' zona.
I Alv Commission expires Feb. IStU.
152.
(Notarial Seal)
Filed in the office of the ARIZONA
('( ):iiOR.TH) COMMISSION this i
!:: of Jl'NF- A l . 1!1S. at 1:im
ii! '. at reii"ist if McFARlNl A.
SAMKS. wbow iiwtotilcv atlilrvsit is
DOUGLAS. ARIZONA.
ARIZONA CORPORATION
COMMLSSION
By F. A JO.NKo.
Chair i. a
f'-Hii' vti ';T
0 r
flllP SIX
City Briefs
Has anyone visited you? Or
have you entertained! If bo, call
The lleview after 6 p. tn. and tell
the Society Editor, phone 39.
VISITING SISTER.
Mrs. J. A. Miller of Douglas, is
spending a few days here on a visit to
her gisler, Mrs. James Kelly.
FROM NACOSARI.
E. T. Wilkinson of Nacosari Is spend
ing a few diys in the city on mining
business. He reports that camp as be
ing quiet lively at the present time.
RETURNED TO TOMBSTONE.
Mrs. B. Crews returned to her home
in Tombstone yesterday after spending
two days here on a visit to her daugh
ter, Miss Buela Crews.
INQUEST POSTPONED.
The inaust ever the body of Red
Yates which was to have been held by
Coroner JudR'i Hieh yesterdav alter
noon, was postponed until Friday af
ternoon. "
ON WAY HOME.
County Treasurer Harry Ross was
in the city yesterday on his way to
Tombstone from Douglas where he
had been on business connected with
that office. He went over on the af
temoon Kockhil! stage.
SELF SUPPORTING
WIVES ARE NOT
MENS
DEPENDENTS
Adjutant General Wires Local
Eoaid to That Effect Will
Place Many Men in Class
One
APPOINTED CAPTAIN.
Edminston Parraough, of ISisbee,
well known citizen, has been promoted
a captain in the medical reserve corps,
according to announcement received
by The Review late last evcr'ng from
Washington.
DON LUIS PATRIOTISM.
Not satisfied with their work in the
national Red Cross drive, the Don
Luis Red Cross auxiliary yesterday
sent $9 to team thirteen representa
tives. This donation brines the total
of the Don Luis subscription to $100.
Answering a wife of the local beard
from Tombstone, sent Tuesday in re
gard to the dependency cf husbands
with only a wife and no children. Ad
jutant General Harris, or rhoenix, yes
terday replied that his; ofifee holds
that in tases where a drafted man
has a wife and lib children, and the
wife is able to support herself, that
the man has no dependants. This is
- . 1 i 1 ..... 1 atanfAil 1". 1 0 'I I-
: a. poilll loeiti ui'dKi waintu
I before reclassifying a laree numler
i under the "Class I Week." orders, of
which already 22o out or HIS nereto
fore in class 4 have been held fcr in
vestigation and will be cited to show
cause whv they should not be placed
in class 1. Following is the ruling
received vesterday.
Phoenix, June 12. 191S.
Local Foard,
Tombstone. Arizona.
Your wire or June 11. This office
holds that a man has no dependants
when he has a wife and no children
when that wife is actually engaged at
some occupation by which she is earn
ing her own living.
HARRIS.
jx... . , CV
-
Central Theatre
TODAY COMMENCING 6:45 TODAY
J. STUART BLACTON AND ALBERT E. SMITH PRESENT
Alice Joyce and Harry Morey
IN BAYARD VEILLER'S
GREAT BROADWAY SUCCESS
TH
E
LAW5
9
yAT FOUND.
A coat evidently belonging to J. 1.
Geraness has been found and turned
over to the sherirrs office. The coat
contains a registration card bearing
that name and also other papers hav
ing the same name thereon.
RETURNING HERE.
Ed. Hitks. former assistant pay
master for the Copper Queen, md a
routh who lived many years in th
Warren district, returned las-t n'glt
f'om Camn Fu;iston, K:u;sns, where
he has been for he oast ?iuht months,
a member of th'J nation: army.
SENT TO ROAD CAMP.
A Mexican named Castro, who with
a companion was arrested a few nights
pgo on a charge of carrying concealed
weapons, was sent to tHe road camp
yesterday where he will labor for the
next fifty days. His companion paid
a fine of J5Q.
MUCH TRAVEL NOTED.
Judcing from the crowds arriving
and departing at the Bisbee depot the
recent increase of cost of travel has
not stopped thoe who had planned fnr
summer vacations. Ticket Agent Ox
sheer declares that business continues
good.
HAS RETURNED.
Miss Lenor? Allen, daughter of Mr.
pnd Mrs. L. R. Allen, of this city, ar
rived Mondav from New York City,
where she has been attending Colum
bia university, and specializing in
vocal work under Mr. Douclas Powell,
one of the recognized master instruc
tors in that city.
WORKING ON GLEESON ROAD.
A force of county road workers are
now at work, on the Bisbee-Gleeson
road are camped near Dixie can
yon. They wilL work from that place
toward the Forrest ranch and will then
work back toward Gleeson. The road
will be put in good shape.
WAS IN CITY
George Brown, who has been art
pcintcd as constable, cf CJeeeon, ?ht
place of the recent Lafe Gibson, was
in he city yesterday on a short busi
ness trip. He states that the last heard1
of the erstwhile constnole was that he
was in Steins, New Mexico.
IN NINE ACTS
OCCASIONALLY THERE COMES TO TH STAGE A DRAMA OF SUCH POWER AND UNDERSTANDING, A PLAY THAT
Si CLOSE TO I TOE H&Sr HUMANITY? THAT IT RISES ABOVE CONTEMPORARY PRODUCTIONS LIKE A MIGHTY
ROCK IN THE SEA-SUCH A DRAMA IS "WITHIN THE LAW." nCDTUC TUni? cm n c nv this
AUDIENCES NUMBERING HUNDRERS OF THOUSANDS HAVE BEEN STIRRED T O THE DEPTHS OF THEIR SOULS BY THIS
ASTOUNDING PHOTOPLAY
A Phenomenal Stage Success That Ran 16 Months on Broadway, New York
K
f ADMISSION: CHILDREN, 15c ' ADULTS, 25c
liwm'iniT iBULuimiimjii m ini iiwinTw-rnM-irmra '' mmmwmwrmmiiummumiemmammA
BSHfaIe Theatre
ItltlnlNu UVLK Ifitl TODAY-' CONT1NUOUS-1TOU TODAY
r-r Xr Cn in the Lvric building.
They have many friends in the Warren
district who wish them wen in meir
wedded life.
CARD PARTY.
At the card party to be held at the
Country club Seturday for the benefit
of the permanent blind. Mrs. Shine
and Mrs. Bridge will be the hostesses.
The public is urged to come and bring
their own refreshments and sfor the
sum of 25 cents tea will be served to
them.
MOTHER SERIOUSLY ILL.
Roiio r.anilv who was formerly
employed at the Bank of Bisbee, but
who for the past few months employed
at the Board of Supervisors offic in
Tombstone, Has Deen cauea 10 iucu
mari. New Mexico, on account of the
serious illness of her mother. She was
a passenger through Osborn yesterday.
HAS RETURNED.
John Mason Ross, of the firm of
Ellinwood and Ross, the local attor
neys, returned last night on the Gold
en State limited from the east- where
he has been for a number of months.
He has been engaged in taking depo
sitions in the Hovland-Smith case. The
depositions were taken in a number of
the principal cities of the east.
REPAIRING ROAD.
County Engineer L. F. Barker has a
force of men at work on the old road
leading to Douglas by way of the Coun
try club and the La Morita Custim
House. It is the intention to use tars
road as far as Forrest Station on the
E. P. & S. W. when the work is started
on the paved road to Douglas. The
crew is now working near the Country
club.
GIVES TO RED CROSS.
Althouffb he spent the week of the
Red Cross drive flat on his tiark in a
hospital and could not at that time
give to the Red Cross, Lonnfe Wilker
son. of Don Luis, hunted up a Red
Cro"s committee as soon as be wns
again able ti irrk. and depofiled $5
for the organization.
PREPARE FOR FLAG DAY.
Members of the H. P. O. Elks. Bisbee
lodge, are actively engaged in com
rdetins the final arrangements for
their Flag Day services which will be
held on Friday. Chief of the attrac
tions will be an address by Sidney P.
Osborn, secretary of state, of Phoenix.
The exercises will be followed by a
dance. The public is invited to attend
both the dance and exercises.
ON SHORT FURLOUGH.
Edwin Hicks, son of C. W. Hicks,
and wie returned last nieht on the
Golden State limited from Camp Funs
ton where he west with the second
contingent from Cochise county. He
has been connected with the headquar
ters company in the office. He was in
the employ of the Copper Queen gener
al office when he was called and is an
xpert stenographer and has been do
ing that sort of work since he reported
at Funston.
SERBIAN OFFICERS VISIT.
Three officers of the Serbian armv
in this country on r war mission, will
arrive in this dis'rict sometime today'
from the west. Thev will remain in
this district several davs in the course
of a visit to tarious Serbian colonies
in this country. A captain and two
lieutenants make up the mission.
WERE MARRIED.
EmeRt Alexander Bledsoe and Mrs.
Emily Fountain wre married in this
city last Saturday evening by Rev.
Kirehbaum. The groom left Tuesday
night for El Paso, where he will report
for duty having enlisted in' the navy.
His wife will continue to be a resident
of the Warren district, which she has
been for a number of years. She Is
now engaged in handling the business
TO JOIN NAVY.
V.". H. Harden and Ross Johnson
left yesterdav to report to the United
States Navy headquarters at Marc
Island. They have been on the reserve
list for about ti month.' Mr. Harden
has been in the emplov o the Stan
dard Oil companv an1 Mr. JohnFon em
ploved at the .Taction mine. They
both have a number of friends in the
district who wish them the best of
success in their endeavors to do their
bit.
f
14.
A READY-TO-SERVE
FOOD
Saves Cooking
No Waste:
Ko Sugar Required
t! -
GREEN WAR GARDEN FLAGS.
For the home war gardenists who
are desirous or informing all patriotic
cut worms, neighboring chicken and
English sparrows with pro-German
eympathies that the products of the
garden are to be used strictly for hu
man food, and not animal or fowl feed.
the Nation War Garden commission of
Washington, D. C has gotten out some
handsome green service flags to be
posted within 50 feet of the said gar
den. The Tags In question are line ine
rfcrnlnr nrmv service flaes that flv
from thousands of American homes
except that the border is green, and
instead of a starry center, a beautiful
and picturesque garden spade rampant
Is crossed with a green background
ramnant underscored by the sign of
the National War Garden commission.
No bird with the proper feeling for his
country would ever eat from the Juicy
lettuce of the garden which bears the
service flag.
CLASSIFICATIONS
Will Take All Week to Com
plete Labor and a Number
of Men Will Be Reclassi
fied as a Result
TRIANGLE PRESENTS
A big draft shakeup now is pro
gressing in Cochise county and the
state, under district orders received
from Provost Marshal General Crow
dex and transmitted tc the various lo
cal and district boarcs ' by Colonel
Charles W. rtarrls. adjutant general.
Following out the instructions of
"Class 1 Week" Chief Clerk H. L.
Hutchison, of the local board. Chair
man A. A. Lockwood, of the legal ad
visory board and County Attorney J.
F. Ross are busy going through the
questionnaires of those who have been
placed in deferred classes. A gen
eral rule is being followed out regard
ing all classifications, so that no dis
criminations will be made.' The board
will be in session all week.
The reason for this shake-up is be
cause General Crowder wants to
know the reason why such a small
number of registrants have been placed
in class 1 in some localities. The
average for the whole country of reg
istrants in Class 1 is 27.7 per cent.
while some local boards in the country
havxe fallen as low as 10 per ent. It
was announced that through a strict
classification more than 1,500 men will
be brought into class 1 from lower
classes. ,
While Arizona as a whole has done
splendidly, has sent more men to join
the colors in proporation to her Ameri
can population than any other state
in the union, yet there are a few lo
calities where the percentage in class
1 is fart too low, and. these local
boards have been given the strictest
orders to undo the loose work that Is
manifest and to comply strictly with
the Instructions for classifying regis
trants. Reperlinsr the assertion that the
paramount necessity of the nation is
the raising of an army, the adjutant
general, following instructions from
Washington states that there will he
no further extension of exemptions to
specialized classes or labor, agricul
tural cr otherwise, than already has
been given.
InFtwtlons to local1 and district
boards are to determine whether any
men have been erroneously placed in
the upper classes when they should
have been placed in those further
down. Re-examination will be direct
ed particularly at those who have tried
to enter the navy to evade the draft,
"sticker" shipyard workers and men
in other classes who have been grant
ed special privileges because they
claimed they were engaged in neces
sary war work.
Following are the states in which
some counties fell below even a 10
per cent classification in class 1: Cali
fornia, New Mexico, Iowa. Ohio. Ken
tucky, North Carolina. Missouri, New
York and Massachusetts.
Arizona is not in this class, hut it
will he noticed that her neighbors on
either side are.
The man who was married after the
passage of the drart act is to have his
case considered and the circumstances
carefully investigated. Also married
men whose wives have substantial in
comes are to be investigated and prob
ably placed in class 1.
TV .
A,-
I-
'Mi !i: :
Ooufl.as F.nrt;;i:ks in Triangle;
Play. "Tl-.o Half Brecd.."-"..
3
Is
!!
ooglas Fairbanks
IN THE SIX ACT PRODUCTION
IE HA
If A il
FROM THE STORY BY BRET HARTE
THE WONDERFUL BRET HARTE TALE OF CALIFORNIA MINING DAYS
THAT BROUGHT TEARS AND LAUGHTER TO MILLIONS
WITH THE WONDERFUL FAIRBANKS' SMILE
arm
11
1 if- Li-. .jiO
ADMISSION v MATINEE, CHILDREN, 10c; ADULTS, 15c
NIGHT, CHILDREN, 10c; AULTS, 25c
. urn I i
WILL! i
OPEN HOUSE
ATTRACT M TO
Y. II t A.
PLUNGE
BRING RESULTS
REVIEW WANT ADS
The list of events that will be !
staged in the open house celebration to :
be held at the Y. M. C. A. tonight, an:l
v hich will draw many men of the dis- i
trict to one of the best entertainments j
of several months past, has been an-
nounced by the Y. management. The :
entertainment, which is divided into :
three parts, will open at 7:30 and con- ,
tinue until 10:30. Tha program is di- ;
vided into three parts the first in the
plunge, where swimming will attract; :
the second in the gym. where wrest- :
ling and boxing will draw, andi the ,
final in a motion picture program. lie-
freshmenis will be served at the close j
of the entertainment.
Following are the events and con- J
tests in the p'unge attraction: ;
One length of the pool: intermedi- j
ates. Bud Hasc;'!l,and Eddie Clement: j
.employed boys,. Jim Xovvlin and Joe ;
Srna.
One length underwater: Intermedi- ,
atcs, Hascall and Clement: employed 1
boys. Joe Cain and Kd Tickle.
Four lengths of pool: Intermediates.
Hascall and Clement; employed boys,
Jim Nowlin, Joe Cain.
Two lengths on back: Intermediates.
Hascall and Clement: employed hoys,
Jim Nowlin and Joe Sena.
Relay rnce: Intermediates, Hascall,
Clement, Djvid Marks. Cordon Wal
lace; employed boys, Jim Fyl.r, Ed
Rickle. Jim Nowlin! Joe Cain.
Fancy diving: Kveryhody.
Men's contests and races same as
above but open to all comers.
In the Gymnasium.
A three round boxing bount between
"Kid Maddern" and "Kid Cain" (both
kids).
Wrestling mutch between "Mi:i;'y
Morse" and "Hasty Hascall."
HEATER
TODAY
-TODAY
"The Z
THOS. H. INCE'S NEWEST, AND GREATEST SPECTACLE
eppelins' Last Raid"
A STUPENDOUS SPECTACULAR DRAMA CF TRIUMPH OF DEMOCRACY
OVER KAISER1SM, IN SEVEN PARTS
ALBERT E. SMITH PRESENTS WILLIAM DUNCAN AND CAROL HOLLO WAY
-in-
"Vengeance and Woman"
EPISODE NO. 10, "THE LEAP FOR LIFE," IN TWO PARTS
KING BEE FILM CO. PRESENTS
illy West in "The Fly Cop"
(In Two Parts)
DISTRICT BOASTS
DOLLAR YEAR MAN
has had an
Interest in a cleaning 'ance. If sick, a free diognosis. If la
trouble b t advice. Locates mineral.
First house south of bridge between
Johnson Addition and Lowell. AdT.
FOR WOMEN WHO WORRY
Worry and "the blues" are usually
linked together, and in manv cases
are due to some functional deranee
ment which if not corrected may load
to more serious ailments. More out
door life, sleep, water-drinking and a
few weeks' treatment with that gool
old-fashioned root and herb remedy.
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com
pound, will revitalize and strengthen
the system and work wonders for any
woman. If you nre prone to worry and
"the blues" try it.
Another patri.it of the voluntary
serviie order has been add';d to 'ne
list who have already entered the serv
ice or the government at a salary or
M ler year, and George W. f.udwig (
has already offered his time and body
I works ror the past several years.
A brother of Mr. Ludwig. F. L. I.ud
wlg, lias also entered the services vol
unteerine his time and energy. 11 is
inow a memoer oi me aav.hory a, ujhautllg gl,nd. gravei
tion. feeding stuffs division, at Hoston.
Mass. He is one of a committee or
loO appointed by the governor to han
dle all war work or that state and is
chairman of the grain board and Hos-
The work on the Black Piamond I Dr. Playfafr. Osteopath, 9S Maaon
shaft at Walker is opening a fine ore nm. nuw w uwV.
F. W. Pannelley. brlcn contractor:
dirt a specialty.
fhone red 84S. 623
ROCKHILL'S STAGE
Bisbee-Tombstone. Leave Bisbee
Bisbee Auto Co., 7 a. nu, 1:30 p. m. 7
Phone Bisbee 6. - AdT.
A sp'-cial stunt by the junior class. VTcy Hp haR brpn n ubee, awaitin;.
Final wrestling match between
wrestlers in this part of the counl
"Dlxle" and Webber, the two best
wrestlers in this part or the coun
try. At 9:30 high class "movies" for the
rest of the evening.
Refreshments.
AUSTRIAN SHIP SUNK
fl'.v Rt-vii'W I.ohhm! Wire)
PA HIS, June 12 The loss of the
Austrian battleship Szont lstvan tor
pedoed in the Adriatii if officially
announced in Vienna, acrording to n
Havas dispatch from Basel, Switzerland.
sailing orders to France.
Mr. Ludwiu will go from this coun
try to join W. H Hrophy in volunteer
Red Cross work. He wilrbe one of the
thousands of "dollar a year" men or
the Cnited States army or civilian
! workers. He received orders yesler
' dav to report.
Mr. Lad wig was a resident of this
district for fourteen years prior to h's
recent departure He Is well known
to many of the pioneer residents and
; to most of the residents who have
come here since lie first arrived In the
district. If has been employed by
both the Copper Queen and the Fl
Paso ,ii Southwestern companies, and
which 1? said to be richest at
the lowest level,
Business Locals
i
AdT 231
L. L. Gllman sells tha New Edison,
"the phonograph with a soul."
ATTENTION B. P. O. ELKS
Flag Pav services will be held Fri
dav. June 14. at 8 30 p. m All Elks
anil friends 'invited. JAS. ALLISON.
Exalted Ruler. Adv. 194
J Painter and Paper Hanging
i - i nr vrvT"
Box 150 Phone 456
KNOW THY SELF
Woria thousands "of dollars to under
stand thy gifts and talents. Get a
reading rr life chart from Mrs. Lump
kin. Li;ht on any subject by clalrvoy-
DANCE.
C & A. Band Pance. Warren Park,
Wednesday and Saturday. Admmls
lon F0 cents. Ladles free. AdT. 740
MATERNITY HOME.
Call Mack 673 for terms, etc.
Advertisement 974