If
WEATHER
A tl
Es 11 ttJ?
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service,
- r ------
Arizona: Tuesday fair;
warmer eaut itortion.
Wednesday, fair.
VOL 20. No. 278.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY MORNING, APRIL 30, 1918.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
0
OIY URGES
HON M NOT
TO CALL STRIKE
Wires Labor Organizations
Not to Quit Work May 1 ;
Telegraphs Fresident' Wil
son He Opposes Protest
I 1)AMK HOLLAND: "YOU'RE NOT GOIXGTO GO MKSSIV THROUGH
M Y GARDEN LIKE YOU DID POOR HELCIUM, YQUD1KT MUX!"
(P.v Review Tea-ood Wire)
SAN FRANCISCO,, April 29 Thom
as J. Mooney, whose fight for Hie
following his death sentence for mur
der in connection with the prepared
ness parade bomb explosion in 191 G,
has attracted international attention,
has sent telegrams to labor organiza
, tions throughout the country urging
them to drop the movement for gen
eral strikes on May 1st in protest of
his conviction.
This became known here today
when Mooney made public the text of
'the telegrams an dalso the text of a
telegram to President Wilson info-vn-ing
the latter of his efforts to avert
threatened tie-ups in war industries.
Notifies Union Men
Mooney told President Wilson lie
opposed any'aclion which might weak
en the force of the latter's appeal to
Governor Stephens in his behalf.
Labor organizations were notified that
Mooney opposed any action which
would "interfere with the complete
national activities now going on, and
that he was confident the attitude o"
the President, of labor and of public
would secure a new trial for him.
Mooneys telegram to President Wil
son follows:
"As you have taken an interest in
justice being dene in my case, I wish
to assure you that no attempt will be
made with my consent to interfere b
calling strikes on May 1. I have tele
graphed the labor organizations re
ported to havi called protest strikes
for May 1, asking them to call off
such strikes and to continue with the
national work on which they are en
gaged. "I have read your letter to Governor
Stephens and shall do nothing .and
allow nothing to be done in my be
half which will weaken the force 3t
your appeal." -
Protetts Against Strike
The text of the telegrams to the
labor organizations follows:
' "Please call off any protest strike
for May 1 that you may have been
planning in my behalf. I am grateful '
for the interest your organization and
other labor 'organizations have taken
in my case, but I wish to have noth
ing done which would appear like an
attempt to bring pressure upon the
courts where my case is still pending
or which would interfere with the im
portant national activities now po-
ing on. I need only fair trial in
order to prove my innocense and I am
certain that the attitude of President
Wilson, of labor and of puhlic in gen
eral, will secure this for me.
A "fit
W k oiiSsrjSfe A A f
.i it
0 ta
LOCRE RETAKEN!
iVEXZ FOUXD FIT
to sunn-: skxtkxce
BV FRENCH
COUNTER DRIVE
German Victory Short Lived,
While Repeated Assaults
in Kemmel Region Fail as
Allies Take Heavy Toll.
I
! WITH TUB MUTISM ARMY IN
! FRANCE. April 29. (15y the Aao-
' ciatd Press).---This has been one of
, the bitterest days of fighting that l he
Flanders battle ground has seen since
je present offensive began. Since
':ir!y morning Von Ami in has been
flinging great numflers of German
troops against the allied lines between
Zillebeke Lake ad Hailleul, with the
liills -east--of - Mont Kemml. as-!iU
1 ultimate objective. ?
; At the same time a secondary thrust)
i has been mad at the Belgians in &f
! ret ion o' the Vser. north of Yprea.Nfc
; When the correspondent left th.? i
I battle front shortly after 1 o'clock in
s the afternoon the German commander
-had nothing to show for his pr-neM-
; tious drive, hut a long list of dead and !
wounded.
i Allics Li"e Intact '
Along the major portion of the front
- . 7
If A.- -N.
l
ALLIED THRUST
NOT EXPECTED
EOR SOME TIME
Unofficial Views from Bat
tle Front Indicate General
Foch Will Not Be Ready
. to Strike for Three Weeks.
i '
his troops have been held, and where physically tit to verve bis sentence ty
they succeeded by superior weight of '
; numbers in nusbfng forward they were
i soon ejected by counter attacks. Th;
jpllied line was intact throughout at
that hour. 1
; The Germans pushed on between I
I Scherpenberg and Montrouce. A !
(By Review Leased Wlrcl
WASHINGTON. April ;!. The bat
tle for possession of th-? ruins of Ypres
is regarded by officials here convers
ant with reports from American ob
servers in France as only an incident
; of the German drive. They do not
foresee, it was learned tonight, any ex
! tensive retirement of the British lines
j in in this region even if the enemy
i gains this shattered village standing at
j the ap-x of the salient in the allied
lines in Flanders.
Ypres is important because' of the
, high ground about it. But if it is
last, it is believed here, every inch of
i the ground behind it will be as bit
j terly contested by .the Hritish and
j French troops as has each step for
j ward the enemy has math; for the last
jten days.
Ypres Has No Value
i Even the whole Ypres salient, offi-
of Attorney General jeers here think, has no strategic value"
J.-cory, in whose hands all of tha t which justifies ttw assumption that its
nit-s of the have been placed, (loss might force a general retreat over
Dr. Carl Bjenz.
Dr. Carl Buenz. former director of
the Hamburg-American line and con
victed of conspiracy to defraud the
roverr.ment by ma':ing false roani
:e!ts, whose sentence of pihteen
months in the Atlanta penitentiary
had I'een deferred owinjr to the de
fendant's poor health, has been found
..Ji uge no.ve ot tne ic:i:rai i ourc.
;'.'-v York. Whether or not Hucnz
.'1 s?rve his senteiv:e depends upon
i ec:Hon
counter attack by the French, how-
PHAIITAIIflllA Uflllitfims Claiih 7100
WIHU HUUUH HILL;Pn.so;lers Tdk
s W sT mm A A mm mum. '
UPtN lUNIUHl IN 53 Guris Captured
TEUTON!
ilv'AI'lfrfJ 'T
iiniuiLM luiiuui;
j
IN
EED1R0 R
Following a rapid, intensive and
spiirted campaign throughout the dis-,
trict today for the sale of Chautaumia :
season tickets, the Warren District s j
annual chautauqua program will open '
this evening with the first number of'
the program the "Old Soldiers' ;
Orchestra." The number is one of
the best, one of the most attractive ;
and most entertaining of the entire
I chPutauoua program this year, and has !
i received a ready welcome wherever it
has been shown. ' !
Following a meeting yesterday ofi
the guarantors and committees who
, have in hand the sale of chautauqua
season tickets, it was determined that !
25,000 AGAINST STRIKE
SEATTLE. Wn., April 29 liy virtu
ally a unanimous Vote the Seattle
metal trades council, representing
nearly 25,000 workers, among them
shipyard employes, called off tonight
the one day strike set for May 1, as ; beginning this morning a rapid-fire
a protest agaiua tne auegea persecu- , drive througllont tne district for ti,e I
tion of Thomas J. Mooney convicted . ga!e of tne remaining ticItets woull, I
of murder in connection with the pr-; be inaugur8ted. CommiUee3 '
paruiiess uay uuihd ai. -u and worknien for the drlve were se.
Francisco. Similar action, it is under- ected and cla, Iang were ,aid for
stood, is contemplated at a meeting .aR1Irin ,h- K,WPira nf ,hA rtriv- As
tomorrow night of the Seattle Central
Labor Council.
TO FIGHT PRO-HUNS
(Bv Review Leased Wire)
EL PASO, Texas, Aril 29 A coin
any has been organized in Chihuahua
City, Mexico, for the purpose of pub
lishing a naper to tombat pro-German
propaganda by presenting true ac
counts of the European war and o"
German atrocities. It is further
planne&o educate the Mexican, people
by means cf moving pictures of wtr
scenes which will be exhibited free.
Business men of the United States
and allied nations are behind the
a result. It is expected that rew will
call at the ticket office this evening
for season cardboards.
SPecial Inducement
In offering the tickets in advance
sne ial inducements are made to those
who will attend the chautauqua. The
price of the ticket- with war tax Is
one-third the single admission prl?e
to all entertainments, if the same
ticket is purchased at the gates a
marked advance in price . will he
charged. If a person' pavs for the
single entertainments as they appear,
(By Review LenseiK YV"Ire
EERLIN (via London), April
29. The announcement from gen
eral headquarters today says:
"On the Flanders battle front
from mid-day the artillery fire re
vived. The booty taken since the
storming of Mont Kemmel has in
creased to mor.e than 7,on pris
oners, including 1S1 officers, 03
guns and 2:53 machine guns. ,
"Between l.a Iiassee canal and
the Scarpe, as well as north of
the Somme. there has been lively
reconnoitering activity on the part
of the English. Strong attacks
made by the French against Han
sard wood and the village were
sanguinarily repulsed. Forefield
engagements occurred at- many
noints on the remainder of the
front.
"On the eastern bank of the
Meuse a thrust in the French
trenches brought in some pris
oners. "From the other theaters of the
war there; is nothing new."
IS SHOWN BY
DEMAND TO SLAVS
ever, gradually pushed the dogged j
Germans back until Locre had been '
I regained and the whole line re-estaV !
i lished. Meanwhile, the British were)
'holding with traditional valor and not
j an inch did they allow the hard hit-i
(ting enemv. notwithstanding the fact!
j that the defenders were greatly out-j
j numbered.
; One regiment which was holding a
i positi )i: pstride the Kemmel-I.aclvtte
road had rnnlsed four fierce fltfucks
up to the time that the correspondent
left the front. In and out. the fighting
BRITISH GENERAL;
TANK INVENTOR, TO
SPEAK IN LOWELL
; a wide front.
Should f. the rate of advance they
j have marie for the last two weeks he
niaintained the eGrmans, it is esti-
t
continued at Yoormezeele, at latest
: them to reach positions which seri
Sously threatened tlrs allied hold on the
channel ports. Meanwhile the atm!n
of continuous offensive operations wil:
. increase steadily upon the eGrmr.n
j forces while it decreases correspond
j ingly oh the allied with shortened toii
Imunication lines to maintain.
! For this reason many observers here
believe the present situation with the
Germans steadily pounding and the al-
S!IIJ
l,LV.Vt Th .. JZL., i Blshee and the Warren district -sill "e s'riKing uacit wnerever oppormn-
t L " ' , ! have its first rtlmn. tonieht of Mainr 1,v off"- R,a-V r"noe fnr
j the Britisli clung tenaciously. U their ; General E. I). Swinton. inventor of the!
rosis ano tne oes, ,ne rnemy ua.u ; nritish tanks an,, member of the Brit-
isn war raiiumi. ufnt'rai swiiuon w nm" uuer ttub on iu- umc mot
no Drive for Weeks
Unofficial reports from Frano? have
FIVE HUNDRED ARE
KILLED IN BATTLE
BETWEEN MEXICANS
By Review leaped Wire)
BROWNSVILLE. Texas. April 29
At least 500 men were killed a week
ago today in a fight between Msican
federal troops and Luis Cabalftr's
rebels 20 miles north of Victoria. Ta
.naulipas. according to F. V. Garret.
On the Belgian front fortune also make his bow at the chautauqua tent. ' mi e'n!ie .oefore ,he, al'iea coul!'1
. . . -. . t re:iin the initiative. So far as is
jwa-s wltn tne oeienuers. ior tne uei-!at S:30 o'clock, following the first h wever there is noth'ng of an
liSZ? a. The n,..t-; oZiai .S Gen-
I pushed in'and secured a few advanced ' ,nK will he free, and it is expected it eral Foch. supreme commander, , looks
i posts. will be the largest and most en!hui- for in tnis reKan-
' The hits were being continually j astic war.tinle gathering ev-r asxemb-1 Official announcement that Ar-crr
bombarded and Ypres was smotheivd " , , " . . L . assem-jcmn troops are in the tranches in the
I with gas. German aviators were out ' led in this district to henr from a war-. Araiens region was welcomed by of-
in force today trying to bomb trans-1 time speaker. , . ficials here. It has been known rr
j ports along the highways, but the Brit-J Everv.vhere the unassuming Br:ir-n'some timP tnat a considerable force
(fsh flyers were moer than upholding . fihter , talke(, , h bermc o-d-1 has bePn assnmD,f,1 viciirty.
I their end. A number of fresh German ! UKnler nas lalKe1 ,,e nas Dwn 81V ; but the fact that Americans were ac
! divisions were engaged in today's i ' an ovation and his remarks have tuanv n line facing the German array
battle, having been brought up during j aroused patriotism to a higih pitch, at this point where the final battle is
Mis views on the war s progress, a--: being staged, had not been commur.i
. . . cafd The onlv statement as to the
cep.cd everywhere as authoratine. a:ul upje(i hv the AmPriran
eagerly sought, will be given. As :n ort.es f ,hat it is east of Amiens.
evidence of his faith in ultimate vie-' The increase army program, neces-
i Ever since the occupation of Kem-tory, he sees only a temporary uien- sitafd by the German drive, it is
mpl tho r.ornisinii have hepn nprl? i n .J nAA : uA i . .... . i ' i 1 1 .- ; i k. l.jid if . r t
e at t)e allIe(1 (lnes in tne rvemiuei re- Teuton hordes i
(Bv Review Leased Wire)
Germany's armies are hurling them
selves against agranite wall on the
three sides of the ruined city of
' Ypres. After fighting cf the most
j terrific nature, the Briitsh and French
lines are-, still intact and the enemy
j has lost terribly in his repeated as
! saults against the lines where the
The objective of the fighting that
is now going on is the capture of:
Ypfts. where since 1914 the British!
have 'held their positions. Two years!
ago the allied lines were carried for-!
week
city was wiped out. but from
positions the British retired a
the night. The artillery likewise was
heavily reinforced. The German cas
ualties were exceedingly heavy. The
fighting was still continuing with great
at latest reports.
-gion
. spot
in an endeavor to nna a wean , "That line will hold," he said, ' until
through whic h they could on- the United States has time t et v,.:.r
men over there, and then it will be a
different story. I want to tell you no
to be gloomy over the war sitnati Tn.
' .1 ,r..
many
I tlnue their ad ance.
! SAMUEL GOMPERS
I STRICKEN DURING
iWrs've bad worse conditions
I times since the scrap began."
SPEECH IN CANADA! .gwi smton win come to this
rniirws hv Secretary Laker witmn
I the next few days. The w hole ques
i tion of available equipment, quarters
1 and transport tonnage has been re
viewed recently in preparation for
i submitting these figures.
There are som indications that cf
! f.,rt will he made to add a milison
ne win part witmn tne mree leading, ram.hman living near Victoria, who
entertainments, more than the price reathed ,ne border here tonight en
of th season ticket. i oute t0 ,lis former nome at Tulsa,
movement and have enlisted the sup- . p lu"" "7 Okla.
port of p number of pro-ally Mexican i '""c" al a"y "lc "rus "' lUTr
inicials.
("Continued on Page Two)
Garret stated he departed for
the border after his place had been
ransacked by rebels.
TEUTONS PAY HEAVY TOLL
during the terrible fighting in the
spring of 1915. when they stopped the
Germans in their first drive for the
channel ports.
Huns Pay Heavy Price '
The present battle opened with a i
bombardment of the Iritlsh and!
French lines .from Meteren to Voor-t
mezzeele, a distance of 12 miles. Then j district under the auspices of commit
came reports of a spread of the fight-j ' ( tees in charge or the third Liberty
ing around the curve in the line in j i:y it.-vi.-w l..-ii. .i who) ; loan, nnd his appearance here is as-
front of Ypres until the Belaian arm-j- MONTREAL. April 29. Samuel sured through J. W. Iloopes. assistant
les, north of. the city, werf involved, i Gamners. president of the American ! director of the Dallas fp.lorai oorvo
Held Marshal Haig's official report. Federation of LalMir. was taken sud- bank. The chautauqua tent has )"eu WII FI FY IS NAMED
mx lnntil v nwaited brought th npu'H ii.ntv n lu-hila .llroclmr n tnnfl .i u i ti ... i i , WILTI-Ij I
--r - ; u. iui i ...I..,, ... w ... , iiiiiininu in uc limn I (Mil IH I! I f?
rhat.t'ie utmost efforts of the Ger-: meeting or labor representatives here, i for the address, and the opening pro
mans had been fruitless all along the! jjr. Gompers was immediately con-1 gram of the week's attractions h:i
line. The field marshal's statement veyed to his hotel, where it was an-j been advertised for 7:3i o'cln. i i:i
said that the Teutons had paid a nounced that his indisposition was he- order to provide ample tinve at th en.l
great price and had gained virtually Ueved to have been the result of re- j for the address of General Swinton.
notninj.. i action frrm the many speeches he has The music will be furnished by mem
ine oaiue sun continues aiong i:iemade during his Canadian tur.
front, but there is little indication jir. fjomners had said he yielded to
men to the army at the earliest pos
sible time, supplementing the ni'I'ion
and a half already with the colors rnd
th- S'Ml.imO previously scheduleil to "e
mobilized this year.
MISSOURI SENATOR
that an immediate withdrawal from I
no one in good will to the German
(Ry Review Leasod Wire) I the battle extended above Voormez-1
LONDON, April 2 (To Reuter's Ot- i eele. , 1
tawa Agency). "The enemy infantry
attack today developed over a wide
front extending from north of Voor
mezeele nearly to Meteren." says a
dispatch from the Reuter correspond
ent at British headquarters in France.
"The strategic object was apparent
ly a crab-claw movement converging
u.'ion the chain of hills toward Mont
Ohata. This front is held by the
French in the center and by our di
visions on the flanks.
"The enemy's failure to advance at
Locre undoubtedly influenced Jiim to
resort to crushing tactics, but the
news s.o far is eminently satisfactory
up to this afternoon.
Belgians Victorious
"The 'nfantry attacked at 6 o'clock
with an ' attempt to advance toward
Scherpenlw rg. This was completely
"Although Ypres Is "not yet attack
ed, the Wiattle has extended thereto.
An enemy reconnaissance in force
against the Belgians was repulsed.
"Everywhere on the battle front ter
rible punishment is being inflicted
uponjhe enemy who lias thrown in di
visions with lavish disregard for his
"It is abundantly -clear Jhat ,the
day's story when told will be all to
ftie credit of Franco-British arms.
The battle is not yet over, for for an
attack, which has been iu progress
for seven or eight hours, without mak
ing headway, it is not premature to
iuy that it has falde.
"The German army will be weaker
by nianv thousands by sunset today
held up tft first. During the morning ' planes, mostly observing.
sacrifices. Once again he is paying ' for they have betn fip'iting all day
the full price for no results. In the open, while the Franco-British
"Tlie Germans, realizing that they scarcely anywhere left their prepared
were making no headway, modified defenses."
'he crab-claw idea and the fighting de- Paris Daily Report
veloped into a more direct attempt! FAR1S. April 29 The war office
against Scherpenberg and Mont ! announcement tonight says:
Rouge. . "Both artilleries were active north
The Germans are making an in- and south of Avre in the region of
tense use of their great artillery Plemcnt. An enemy detachment,
strength but the French garrisons on which attempted to cross the Oise
he hills hate splendid cover. Their1 east or Varesnes. was dispersed,
seventy-fives and our field guns fu- "In Uie Vosges we reulod a raid
riously reply. The air is full of nir-'on one of our small posts in (lie
' Lynge sector."
Ypres is contemplated hv the Allies. peopl. and when democracy was en
at least not until they have exacted I throned no one would outdistance him
from the -enemy a great sacriifce of ! and nis associates In the labor movu
human lives. j ment extending the hand of fellowship
Meet Bloody Repulse j and goo1 wiu to the worqing people
The only point at which the Ger-! of that country,
mans made aay gains was on the i "But until then thore can be no
hilly section of .the front back of peace between freedom and kaiser
Kemmel Hill, where the French are . ism," he added, amid applause. It was
standing. At some points the enemy: here that Mr. Goiifipr was taken serl
was able to occupy portions of the'ously ill and walked ofr the platform,
line, but from the greater part of j
1 1 iv Review I.e:se1 Wire)
ST. LOl IS. April 29 Xenophone P.
Wiiney. member of the St. Louis board
of election commissioners and promi-
bers of the chautauqua "Old Soldier nent d-im crat of Missouri, tonignt was
Fiddlers," w ho will open th" rhm:t:iu- tendered by Governor. aGrdner tne seat
qua. in the I nited States senate, vacated
General Sw inton is accompanied lv recently by th? death of Senator V. J.
Frank C. O'Dell. chairman of the fed-; Stone. Wilfley announced he would
eral reserve bank of Omaha, who will , accept thtj appointment and left for
speak in behalf of the Liberty Luan ' Jefferion City to confer with the gov
and thr Cnited States governmen. ernor.
OVERMAN MEASURE PASSED
PLANS TITLE MATCH
Ihese they were driven out by the'
French w ho re-established their de-!
fenses. Frontal attacks on Ypres; (i;v it.-vicw l.eaa.si wirei
would seem to indicate that there is! MII.W.AI'KKE. Wi-. April 29.-A
l'ttle confidence in the German gen-'boxing contest calling for tifl per cent
eral st.iff that the Ypres positions can 'of the gross receipts in Liberty bonds,
be outflanked from the south. The to be divided between the contestants,
lines as they stand today are very Is offered by Tom Andrews, local pro
strong and withstood the onset of the j ninter. for a ten round bout betweei
Germans In 1914 when the Teuton ! Benny .eonard. lightweight champion,
armv was a much different machine I and Charley While, to be staged In
that it is today.
Tt"e bloody repulse of the Germans;
in their great plunce forward will
mean mirh in further operations in
that sector of the battle line.
When t'e stnmsle was going on be
fore Ypres. the British positions from
li Russee to Houtholst Wood and
j Milwaukee in May or June.
THORPE BEATS HANLON
WASHINGTON. April 29. Re
jecting nil amendments designed
to limit the President's author
ity, the senate late today passed
the Overman bill with its general
grant o." power for the executive
to-coordinate and reorganize gov
ernment departments and other
auencics during tho war.
The vole on the measure, which
now goes to the house, was fi"
to IS. many senators who opposed
'the administration in the long
finht oxer pioposed amendments
joining the majority when the test
eauie on final passage. '
HAIG REPORTS LINE HOLDING
(Continued on Page Two)
div R.'.iew l.'-a'il Wire)
JOPI.IN. Mo. April 29-Hirvvv
Thorpe of Kansas City, outpointed Jim j
Hanlon of Denccr, in a fifteen rotint j
boxing match here tonight in the i
pinion of newspaper writers. I
O'.y Review t..:ls..l Wile)
LONDON. April 29 Powerful
attacks by the Germans asainst
the French and British positions
between Meteren and "sillebeke
today were repulsed, the tier
mans losing havily, according to
the report from Fild MarshU
Halg tonight.
Tle British line held absolutely,
but at various points the Ger
mans pained a foothold in the
French positions, only to be driv
en out later from the greater part
of this territory.
The Belgians also repulsed
heavy attacks. Inflicting severe
casualties on the enemy. TWb
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY MORNING, APRIL 30, 1918.
PIONEER EXAMINES
BOWIE OIL FIELDS
Skids tear down
KAISER'S PHOTOS
nature and indicates the strike of high
gravity oil
"It is gratifying to me that the
bee bunch have interested thflmp-..'i'8
1 L. j: finu . m j 1 I
'III IUJB pil-IlllBillg lldll VI UVVOlUpUICllU I
which with their characteristic punch '
and go clfers probably the best chance '
of bfing if not the first, among the :
first real oil discoveries in the state of
Arizona." j ,
, " " I That patriotism Is rampant In Bia-
ni rp A ; bee rampant with a capital R is an
tJllOtS 1 CCLT J.W(iy assured fact, according to AI Delloff.
manager of the Orpneuin theater ho
At the request of C. C. McCoy, who
has spent a large part of his time in
the past month in the Bowie oil fields,
in the interests Of owners of property
and stocks in the district. Mi.
has nr?nared a statement of conditions
y m -1 f ; iiianniier ui me irrpueuiu uieaier nu
in the fields, according to definitely w)FffT, rLOCK O tl ,s having the utmost difficulty to keep
the lay of Jand, and stating that he! , the posters and cards advertising the
proauction or 'Kaiser, me jueast 01
i Berlin,', who is due in Bisbee in film
! form on May 4, 5. 6 and 7, has had
! but little opportunity to peer out of a
The f iist rount of shots In the top! lfghtographed sheet before younn
of Sacramento hill yesterday tore!Amenc Piasters tne naieu iace wiui
believes with proper development the j sj f ffl 171 0 Tl TCI At 111
fields otn an unuRual onnnrtunitv OUlf UfftKHI'l AAlll
His reiart follows: "In ttre intjr
est and at the request of several of
the more than fifty business and pro
fessional men of the Warren District
who are interested an dwho have en
tered claims in the very promising
away tho first great masses of rock i r work 1,3 ""5 destruction
which rise from the red colored moun- j wIih, 8 W!I directed brick.
Bowie Oid fields, near Bo'wleT Arizona". Ul Uto ! ! .uvicture' .'nd VrIM.P
the writer be snt about three weeks of , mearai. i ne Beginning oi me euu. - - , -1 th B . f rw.
the month of April on the ground look-! eers and . miners on the Pjur of
. (spirit and tacks up another card. He
Inc over th fipld thnrnuchlv. anil hpr jOO.
with submits the following: I "T . . that if his stock of advertising
"The I owie Oild fields lie about rine ' l"P the hill. The shots tore ax.ay , matter holdg out he wi1 convince the
to fifteen mites north ofthe tow:i of Sat masses of rock which toppled ! peop,e of ,he Warren District that the
Bowie, m Graham. County, and iu the ,rom their hanging position to th3 .rr j comtng prodUction of Rupert Julian's
San Simon vallev. The field extends 8ide of the mountain. Hardly a peb- ma8terpiece is an that lt is claimed to
for several miles in a southeasterly , hie from the mass foil on the side . f 5e
and northwesterly direction and 1 the hill on which runs the railroad. Concerning the coming production,
spent frcm April 11th to April 20th fco- 8treet c nd other county hit way. willianl R McStay. a well known
ing over it carefully and noting th.' Work men and crews on the niouu-1 theatrical man of San Francisco, who
geological conditions. I found the field tain terraces which have been ina.e : is In Bisbee in advance of Private W.
to be sedimentary, consisting of y shootin gaway great slices of the . Collrnge. a Canadian bomb thrower,
shale, blown, blue clay and oirsaud. : far 8ide of tne mountain, were re-who will appear here early in May, in
At a .vasii in the San Simon Gulch. I sponsible in the main for the shooting
found dark clots of oil sand whe-e U wav yesterday of the first great top
had been protected from the weather. ! Plin& chunk of rock. It had grown uu
These showed oil on making the chlor-i8af 3 for the crews along the tracks
form test I De,ow-11 was 8ai,d- . '
"From mv experience in the Taft Oil "Ju8t the heglnning of the end.
fields in California, where I assisted iu! 8a,d ne bf engineers "Sot long,
the promoUon of ttm Penn Midway Oil j now he added until . the towering
company, which struck an oil gusher ! 8Pires atP mountain will nave
at2100 feet, and also from a varied 'disappeared. Not long until the land
familiarity with the Oklahoma and mark ofthe district, the guiding point
Kansas oil fields, I believe with legi-,hich brought the pioneer to the in
timate and proper development that tie camp in the Mule mountains, will
the Bow: field offers an unusual op- have disappeared. Just the beginning
OI lue i:u. i urn is an.
portunity.
"Two and a half sections of land
have been filed for residents of Bisb.-ye
and the Warren District. A meeting
will be called in the mar future ot
those already interested for the pur
pose of considering the advisability of
Lights and Shadows of No Man's
Land," said to be the most vivid war
logue on the stage today, said last
evening:
"Before leaving San Francisco, sev
en weeks ago on this tour. I had the
pleasure of witnessing a pre-view of
"Kiser, the Keast of Berlin." and
without doubt it is the most stirring
and patriotic tale that has ever been
put in mm form, if von were an
ithetic b'efore witnessing this film, vou
EPathy will chanjte to the most violcn
form or patriotism. If you lagged at
purchasing a Liberty bond or perform
ing any war service of any character.!
that disinclination passes and you be-j
com- a true American and a sworn
and untemporizing enemy of Germany.
"Frcm the standpoint of story, direc
tion and production. "Kaiser, the'
Iteast of Berlin," in one of the most
gripping dramas which has been pro
jected in years. The detail o! the
production is 100 per cent perfection.
Ruoert Julian's characterization of the
kaiser (I have seen the mad do? of
Europe in life No! I am an American
but was in Germany as a student
many years ago), is as lifelike as two
peas in a pod, even to his effort to
conceal the wjjhered arm. one of the
main characteristics of Wllhelm. The
vanity of the beast sticks out with 113
true prominence in Julian's character
ization and if ever you bore hatred
in your heart you will have it after
the last reel of this master pro-lur
tion has flickered off the screen.-'
An instance of the powder-like patri
otism which exists was shown in the
Orpheum last night when one of the
characters in the drama. "Her Boy
smashed a picture of the kaiser. The
house cheered en masse, and the
ethoes rolled In waves up Brewery
Gulch.
i'76 PER CEUT WAR!
BONDS
PURCHASED
Hardly a Drugstore in the Land
That Does Not Sell This Remedy
On the Market Half a Century.
CHANGE FOR BOYLE
TO MAKE GOOD
FOODS TASTE CCTTR COCIZZD
TODACCO TASTES LZTTZZ
TOASTED
CHAUTAUQUA WILL OPEfc
TONIGHT IN WARREN DISTRICT
(Continued from Page One)
consolidating the holdings, the tetter district.
to nirtner me activities oi ine aevti-
and at the Commercial club.
Residents of the district may tele-
opinent. ; phone the Commercial club for tickats,
"About three miles from where j and a special salesman will deliver
Bisbee tilings w-re made the Arizona them. information concerning the
& New f-Iexico Oil Development com- tickets or the Chautauqua may be had
pany hive sunk a six inch hole to the from the same source.
depth of upwards of 600 feet. A sani-
Old Soldier Fiddler
pie oi f-naie irom mis wen was ent 10 j Tfae opening number, the Old Soldier
Wrana. King Co.. Analytical and Con- Ftddier8i Js a patriotic musical pro
suiting fb.-?mists, oLs Angeles. Calif.. gram. The gddiers are under the di
who rnaat the following analysis: j rection of Coi. John A. Pattee, i4ih
" Tho stale submitted to ua tor test- reRiment. Michigan volunteers. The
ing is a calcareous clay shale of blu- organization is made up of union and
ish gray color, mixed with some sand I confederate veterans all over 73 years
and stone, and yields on extraction an , 0d and tny win give a series of
oil of low viscosity and apparently instrumental numbers and camp-fire
high gravity. The shale yielding this'pnd wartime songs. All veterans and
oil inus tra in close proximity of oil 1 their wives and widows will be ad
bearing rsnds; it is of a very dense ' mined to this number free.
Since the day of the caveman, who
liked hi meat raw, civilization has
learned a lot about the scientific treat
ment of the things we eat
Naturally none' of us would now
prefer to have our meat raw, our po
tatoes as they come from the ground, ,
our coffee unroasted.
And naturally follows the great dis
covery recently made by The Ameri
can Tobacco Co. that tobacco taste
better TOASTED!
Thi wonderful new idea simple
like all great inventions was first
used in producing the famous LUCKY '
STRIKE Cigarette made of toasted
Burley tobacco.
Burley has a mellow flavor, entirely
different from the tobacco usually
used for cigarettes. It is a pipe to
bacco and LUCKY STRIKE Cigarette .
taste like pipe.
r
Suit Sale Continued One Week
Our semi-annual clearance sale of Women's and Misses' Spring Suits has
proven a grand success. Many women who know good values and who appreciate
the latest styles, were in Monday and took advantage of this, the greatest sale event
of the season. Come in today or any day this week and view this splendid assort
ment courteous sales people to serve you a substantial saving to you' on every
price. Note these reductions:
T
Suits that sell regularly from $25.00 to C7VZ?Zr
$29.59. Now on sale at... PZ7.0D
Suits that sell regularly from $35.00. to (tO A QEZ
$37.50. Now on sale at p,H:VD
t
Suits that sell regularly. from $39.50 to. QOQ QtZ
$42.50.. Nov.' on sale at p7sD
Suits that sell regularly frcm $45.00 to C9 OC
$49.50. Now on cale at r. O.VD
Suits that sell regularly from $52.50 to CQQ
$55.00. Now on sale at &jy.ZJD
Don't delay early shoppers get first choice. Shop in the mcrnhng hours.
This sale includes almost every suit in 3tock. Better values arc not to be found
anywhere.
Up In Maricopa county the superior
judge sentences bootlegg-irs to "hard
work in the county jail," and then they
are taken right out and put to work
on the county highways, but, here in
"Dear Old Cochise" they go to jail,
wax and grow fat in the Hotel de
Welch thanks to the Purity Squad of
Douglas. The Douglas Purity Squad,
unless they are wearing colored
glasses, must see, as every one else
siees, that the sea of bootleggers is no
dryer. than before the foolish protest
was filed. They should all join in a
letter to Judge Lockwood withdraw
ing their protest. The efficient, and
clever secretary of the Douglas cham
ber of commerce and mines, who has
just returned from .Little Rock, where
he did excellent work in behalf of hav
ing the Banklvsad national highway
routed over the Borderland route,
might again take this matter up. and
help the cause of good roads by get
ting this protest withdrawn. Mr. Boyle,
here is a chance to do a good turn
for Douglas and all of CochiE3' county.
Will you do it? Prospector.
TEUTON NEED FOR
MEN IS SHOWN BY
DEMAND TO SLAVS
fContlnuct from Fase one)
from Lens to Vimy were deluced with
shells but so far there has been no
infantry fighting reported from that
part of the front. An attack on this
salient in the German lines is expect
ed soon, however, for It stands as a
constant menace to a further advance
by the enemy.
Ultimatum to Russia
Along the front in the Somme sec
tor, part of which is being held by
Americans, t-'iere has been little fight
ing of note. Further south there have
been only patrol encounters.
Germany has presented a virtual ul
timatum to Russia, demanding that
ible-bodled German prisoners of war
be sent home at once, proposing In
return that only sick and incapacitet
ed Russians held In German ' camr
shall be turned over in exchange. If
the Russian government docs not bow
to the demand. Germany has threat
ened to take Petrograd. A committee
of one hundred and fifteen Germing
has been BDPo'nted to go to tne Rus
sian ranltal to present the demand.
A British ship carrying Y. M. C. A.
rsrao workers ''as been torpedoed but
all tho passengers and all the rrew
except three men wrre landed safely.
(Hy Hevlew Ia-iht-A Wlrel
WASHINGTON, April 2j. Seventy
six rr cent of the three billion dollar
Litrrtv loan minimum has been sub
scribed, according to treasury tabula
tions tonight covering business up to
the opening of the banks today. In
the five days remaining, canvassing
committees have instructions to de
vote their energies to soliciting per-j
sonally the thousands of individuals
and business interests who have de-1
layed subscribing.
Taily subscriptions of $119.193,00O ;
are necessar yduring the remaining
of the week to make tbe $3.noo,noo,imo '
and the treasury is hoping for a heavy i
over-subscrtpition.
"We have attained 104 per cent :.nd
are going forward to 150 per cent, if
possible, said- a telegram from the
Kansas City district, the last to
acieve its quota.
.Baltimore Sets Record
Subscriptions by states in the Kanl
sas City district are:- j
Missouri, J24.173.450; Colorado, $17,-!
605,050; Kansas, $31.8S6,23: Nebras
ka. -31.312,000; Oklahoma. $24,856,051); i
Wyoming, $,408,65); New Mexico,!
$1,199,000. j
When you are in perfect health,
and are enjoying a strong" and vigor
ous vitality, it is then that your blood
is free from all impurities.
You should be very careful and
pive heed to the slightest indication
of impure blood. A sluggish circula
tion is of. ten indicated by an impaired
appetite, a feeling of lassitude and s
general weakening of the system. It
is then that you should promptly take
a few bottles of S. S. the great
blood purifier and strengthener. It
will cleanse the blood thoroughly and
build up and strengthen the 'whole
system. S. S. S. is sold by all drug
gists. Valuable information about the
blood supply can be had free by writ
ing to the Swift Specific Co, 24
Swift Laboratory, Atlanta. Ga.
Additionally Briefs j
FfiOM cananea: i
Harry Bradt, master mechanic at!
the Cananea Copper company's plant
at Cananea. was in the city yesterday
on a short business trip. He reports
that camp as beirfg quite prosperous i
at the present time and that there !
are more Americans in the employ of .
the company at tbe present time than
there has beea at any time since the
camp resumed operations.
"u.t. ' ' t'.y.-wa.yj
l JTW n il I ' ifc -.ar. i J- t vMWi it .. jm..4, -mm-.
mmtmm
DIED OF PNEUMONIA. - j
Joe Stephenson, aged Z'l yars. a I
miner employed at th f ole ehu'A of j
the C. & A. mining coniiviu. t.ii d hut
night at his home .'n Sou. i Hiubfe j
of pneumonia. He leai a wifo and ,
17 months old baby, r.irs bovd ii be- j
Ing held at the Palace Uwleriaking '
Parlors pending word lT-w relatives in
Colorado, when funeral se. vicss' will
be arrenged.
TO JOIN NAVY.
Waiter Behrens ' of the Noyales
"dice "orce. was in the rity last wePk
for the purpose of enlisting in thft
United States navy. He has .served
eight years in the navy before and
tould not stand to not enter the ,
"nice again.. He was slightly in-i
ii'red at one time and that has kept ;
him from joining before. His wound I
In his foot has now recovered and j
he has hope of jgetting a chance to !
fight th? submarines. j
TO LIVE IN EL PASO. !
James B. Gillsspie, who has leen a
resident of Phoenix for the last eiic
years, v ill leave Ithin the next few)
days for EI Paso, where he will inakej
his home. Gillespie successfully man
aged the affairs of the Constable Ice
company after coming to Thoentx ?:oid I
Bisbee and retired from that company j
upon the death of Harry Constable, the !
owner. At El Paso Gillsspie will be!
assistant general manager of the J. II. I
Nations company, large cattle feeVrs,
and packers. The Nations cv.iipan? j
are now feeding about 500 head f Lt j
cattle near Phoenix. Phoenix Rtpui-ii-
can. t
ALIEN ENEMIES1 TO
RECEIVE AID WITH
LANSING'S APPROVAL
WASHINGTON, April 29 With the
approval and co-operation -of hte Am
erican government the legations of
Switzerland and Sweden representing
I rcprectfully German and Austro-Hun-!garian
Interests, have undertaken to
J direct relief "work among indigent en-
emy aliens throughout the ' United
States. Relief will be extended to
needy families of interned alient dl
! rect from the legation funds', while to
aid law-abiding enemy aliens who
have suffered on acocunt of their
I status, a national committee of Amer
icans is t ohe organized to co-operate
(with the legations and their consular
! officers.
Secretary lousing announced the
i arrangement today.
mm
mm
mm-
'ewe a compexba ffat ! !
(is aways preserJa6.-
now possible tor every
woman through use of
MARINELLO
Phantom Powder
Immediately pives skin cppci
once of beauty then ''
brautiftcsit. Unrivak-d bra'Kr ti't drr
for face, imk and hamlt. IV"1 nib
orwah nff. Splendid forrvenn gnukf
up. Vuut muior ul prove iu uieiiU
McDonald's Marinello
ON SHORT VISIT
Ralph Smith, who was noe of the
youths in the carlv days of Tomb
stone was In the city last evening on
a short visit. He is at present making
his "home in El Paso, where he Is en
gaged in the restaurant business. He
was called on business to Douglas
and came up here to visit with somp
of his old friends and this morning
will go on to Tombstone wlure he
will spend the day with the old timers
there. He will return here this even
ing and then go cn to Douglas and
back to Kl Paso. He was in the. em
ploy of the Wells Kargo Company in
Tombstone in earlv days. He has a
number of friends in the county who!
were glad to .see hiur again. . He was
a caller at Tammany Hall, to visit
with John Twoomey, .They were old
friends in Tombstone.
HIGH ALUMNI PLAY
COMPLETE SUCCESS
Last night a acked house greeted
the plars in "Young Mrs. Winthrop."
The play was a complete success and
the acting, to' judge from the applause
tendered the players and the many
complimentary remarks hoard on ajl
sides, was of a very high order. The
receipts were much larger than ex
pected and it is now assured that the
alumni members who are depending
on the loan fund while away at school
will be provided for amply. All the
players performed their parts rr-dii-
ably and Miss Yda I'aff is deserving
of especial mention.
Sore Throat, Cold
Quickly Relieved By Hamlin's
- Wizard Oil
Shop Phone 305
Himlin's Wizard Oil is a simple and
effective treatment for sore throat and
chest colds. Used as a gargle for sore
throat it brings quick relief. Rubbed
on the chest it will often loosen up a
hard, deep seated cold in one night.
How often sprains, bruises, cuts
and burns occur in every family, as
well as little troubles like earache,
toothache, ' cold sores, canker sores,
stiff neck, and tired aching feet.
Soothing, healing Wizard Od will al
ways bring quick relief.
; fmm Hnicnrict frtr 3fl rrntn.
j If not satisfied return the bottle and
get your money back.
Ever constipated or have sick head
ache? Just try Wizard Livtr Whips,
pleasant little pink piLb, JQ cent
Guaranteed, ,
-we
A Bank which has grown to importance
through its policy of giving the most sat
isfactory service to ite patrons that's our
Bank.
With every modem convenience
are at j'our service.
Checking Accounts welcomed.
Bank with us.
VMVaaaV ataaaw
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
AND HIGH CLASS CAFE
1 he Lt:ot of cverythms ut reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 60c luncheon daily. Also $ 1 .CO dinner from
5 : 30 to 7:30 p. m. Regular Board by the month, $40;
$10 by the wek. t
Henry Poppen, Manager.
Bisbee Decorating Co.
General Painting, Paper Flanging, Tinting and
Signs. Perfect Results. Moderate Prices.
HUGHES BLOCK, OPPOSITE Y. W.CA.
P.O. Box 1531 Fhone 739
The Body of
Our Paint
is pure white lead. It Is mixed with
turpentine or pure linseed oil ac
cording to whether it is to be used
for in or outside work. There is no
grit in lt; no adulterants to make
Its manufacture cheaper. Paint ex
perts always -get their supplies
here. Wouldn't it be wise for you
to follow their example.
Bisbee Lumber Company, inc
EMIL MARKS, MGR. LOWELL CAR STOP. PHONE 2
m
m
; V7. . 3-. v- 5 !'- "St; c- ?Fi
M$fSp Spring Tiihe
-mrm Is Coming
of.
-Mm
- tat J
m
m
m
'wis.
Loci: 'or the Emulcm
Ta? it is your guar
antee cf Master Service
TT vAil really surprise
you how well we
can make your last
Spring suit look.
There 13 a good reason
why you should 'Make
It Do.'
For hih-ciaw ccoasing and
repairing, t:!c?houe oa -
BISBEE DYE AND
CLEANING
WORKS.
PMONF 296.
m
'fcaa
One Hundred Million Americans
Must Enlist ' io Win the War
J one if the li'imirej n: ill nii Amerirar.s tr in!i win !':c iviir. I Man
;i buy a I th'.; Ii;;v.) yia ur.. Th!.i i. yei:r pur. and no 01: i!oO can
i:i il lor yc i.
Gel in!o th .ishl! Join ihc. crovd! Do il New!
INVEST IN
LIBERTY BONDS'
' SPACE DONATED BY
ARIZONA INSURANCE AGENCY
T. A. HUGHES. MANAGER THE BISEF.E DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY MORNING, APRIL 30, 1918.
THREE
"GOOD MORNING,
Have You Bought Your Liberty Bond
HERE COME THE VIGILANTE
Are you a slacker? Have you pur
chased your Liberty bond Have you
bought to the limit? Way down deep
in your heart do you know that you
have done your best?
if you cannot answer "yes" to every
tone of these questions you may as
well prepare to receive and entertain
sometime this week a committee p
fix determined Americans, the 'vigil
Antes, appointed last night by 5. N.
G lines, airman, from amonjr tthe
Liberty bond general committee;, to
visit those in this district who arain
the slacker class. The committee will
begin its work this morning, and will
continue until they have satisfied
themselves of every doubtful person
in this district.
Here Is the committee:
Hew E. C. Compton
Tom Blair
Ous Haigler
J. R. Henderson
T. A. Hughes
J. C. Ryan
They were named because they,
know whereof they speak, know how
to carry on the kind of work they will
have to accomplish, disagreeable as it
may sem at times, and because they J
can '"brine borne the bacon.'t
Their instructions from Mr. Gaines
last r.isht were the ancient Spartan
5ntructi")ns literally, to bring back
the tnf'v'3 shield or return on their
own shields. .
The committee this morning will bP
supnlicd bv Mr. Gaines with a list of
residents in the district who have re
fused to take bonds from the commit
tees and who have not civen a satis
factory explanation or reason for fail
ure to purchase. For the satisfaction
of everyone in the district, Mr. Gaines
announced last nisht that the list be
gins nt the upper end of Tombstone
canyon, and extends throughout the
district. Each person visited will be
thoroughly interviewed, and the . re
sults will be reported back to Mr.
Gaines. All thus visited will be riven
the opportunity to buy bonds.
Later, a second list will be furnished
-.! .. . - '
sendins His eiieck to a local u:ink
from his family's residence in v all-1
fornla. Mr. Hickey arrived in the!
district yesterday from the coast. !
Following is an additional list of i
those who have attained places on !
the district roll or honor throu;;ii the '
lurcliasine; of Liberty bonds of the!
third issue: i
Ldward Simor.s $ 100.00 '
R. L. Livincston r.o.,)i I
V.lsa Helen N. Wootlburn lO'.OO .
Cbas. M. Fruitman GO.'tO j
W. E. McColUun , .1".00
A. T. Hawbecker luo.00 ,
Kloyd P. Wrav Srt.OOj
Miss L. Roberta Kerry 50 .00 i
Miss Ida M. Kernen 100.0 i
F. M. Dearborn loootll
who ra
I LIBERTY
WORK I
BOND CAMPAIGN
r
the committee. This list will contain
the names of all residents of the dis
trict who have not purchased bonds
in sufficient sums or to what the com
mittee believes to be their ability or
limit. They will be visited in the
same systematic manner as will be
used in the pushing of the drive which
starts this morning.
In connection with these campaigns
against seeming slackers, Mr. Gaines
announced last night that the federal
reserve bank at Dallas, under which
this district works, has requested of
the county chairman a full and com
plete list of slackers, including the
names of those who do not buy bonds
and of those who do not buy to their
fullest ability. This list, says the
bank, will be furnished the depart
ment of Justice officials who will con
duct further Investigations in all
cases.
"Oh, yes," said Mr. Gaines, follow
ing his committee meeting last night,
'"we're' going intq this In earnest and
thoroughly. It's like the old days
when the state put up a bounty on
coyotes only now the government Is
putting up the bounty an dwe're after
a two-legged coyote. You remember; P. J. Wetzels ....
t- (sioucjbter in those days? It was a; Mis. Nettie Baker
sideshow, to what will develop now, if ira. y. r. Neyland
the coyotes don't get out of the coun-: H. G. E. Cook
trv or change Ibeir hair and hide." ! Henrv P. Hollis ..
Mr. Caines reiterated last night his 1 v-reiie Yoakum ..
statement that this week he will pv.ih- e. E. Ross
Iish lists of purchasers through the', t G. Linden
banks. In the same statement he re
quested that persons who do not wish
their names published may call on him
in the Commercial club office, where
he will be pleased to hear their cases.
Results of the, drive yesterday con
tinued in the same satisfactory man
ner as on previous days. Committee
reports were encouraging to the at
tainment of the million dollar sub
scription for the district, and every
where optimistic statements of results
were heard.
Among the largest of the subscrip
tions reported yesterday was that of
Gus Hickey, who subscribed $9,000,
State Chairman Receives Approbation from Washington and
Wires1 Thinks to Warren District; J. N. Gaines Praises
Work of Women's Committees in Dth'e and Says They
Have Led and Others Have Followed.
Brownev Campbell si0.no
Leonard Thomas 30.00
A. Karam 100.00
Pythian Sisters No. 3 51.00
John Hobbs' 1.00000
Valentine Gonzales
Matt Henderson
J. M. Gray
C. J.. Hicks
J .E. Wilson
Frank Meyers
E P. White ..."
John Trevakis
p"d Madden
Hood & Bledsoe
.1. F. Clark
Frank Guerro
I . F. Bottom
Mrs. Fred JJuiliff
Mrs. Clara M. Lynn
C. M. Lynn 200.00
Mrs. M. G. Adler
Gus C. Dunlap '.
Robt. K. Johnson ,
Hans Shoeing '.
insenhine Collins
Congratulations of .officials of the
United States government to the wo
100.03 i mPI1 0f Arizona for their work in the
loO 00 1 Third Liberty Loan campaign have
100.00 been received in Pliowiix by Miss
100.00 ! Alice V. Birdsall. state chairman of
the Women's Liberty Loan committee.
In turn, Mrs. Sam H. Kyla Cochise
county chairman of -the Women's
LibfTty I oan committee, has received
a telegram of conpraiulations from
the st:ite chairman.
Meantime. J N. Gaines, in charge of
Ioan campaign in
has declared, "The
50.00
50.00
50.00
50.00
500.00
MO.OO
r,o.o
100.00
100.00
200.00
the Liberty
c'iise county.
. ... 50.00
100.00
100 no
200.00
50.00
' 100.00
50.00
Mrs. J. C. Ryan 100.00
R. Greenwood
R. C. Chipperfield
Samuel King
John A. Ashby
Mrs. JJohn A. Ashby
Louise It. Mosier 100.00
M Henry Mo?ier 100 00
Mrs. C. L. Bohmfalk .... 100.00
Georgia H. Bohmfalk
Co-1 and
o-. They
men have been the most valuable aiii i way,
50. ('0 vp could have expected. In fact tiiey
50.00 ' i'ave done the real work. We bive
50.00 j lust stood by and watched or fo!-
50.00 . lowed their lead."
50.00 1 Miss Pird;;all's telegram to Mrs.
50.00 iKvle fellows:
reports in the division was at the head
of the chairman's report. It gave '
briefly the sums subscribed in each
divis'on of Lowell and the women who:
had had in charge this division. Fol- j
lewinc was a report of wi rk accom- :
plislied. In detail it gave problems!
which had been .solved, slackers who I
would need the attention of the vgil-i
men committee, and oliier similar!
facts. i
Tliert," sa'd the chairman, "is the !
women have been doing their work, j
They have been the ledaers in this
campaign, we owe them more praise ;
thanks than we can ever pay. j
have set the pace and led thj
and we have followed. Their i
effort has been a noble sacrifice and i
service, and the results the-.- have at-j
tained .'lave been wonderful."
100.00 !
50.00
50.00
100.00
50.00
jO.OO
REVIEW WANT ADS BRING
RESULTS.
m
wsmess
as Big
OHIO
as Its .. Job
If bigness is of benefit to the public it
should be commended.
The size of a business depends upon the needs which that
business is called upon to serve. A business should be as big
as its job. You do not drive tacks with a pile-driver or piles
with a tack-hammer. "
Svifi &. Company's growth ha3 been the natural and
inevitable result of national end international needs.
Larcc-senle- Drcducticn
ciii-iauaon are necessary
to convert the live tock of '.hu Vcri into meat and by-products,
and to distribute thc-m over lcn.gr distances to the
consuming centers- of ths Ezsl and abroad.
Only an organization like that cf Swift & Company, vruTi its
many packing giants, hundreds of distributing houses, and thou
sands of refrigerator cars; would" have been able to handle the
varying seasonal supplies of live stock, and meet the present
war emergency by supplying, without interruption: v
First The U. S. soldiers and the 'Allies 5n Europe by shipping as
much ec 800 carloads of meat product in a single week!
Second The cantonments in the United States.
. Third The retailers upon wbm the American public depends
for its daily supply of meat.
ff
But many people ask Do producers and consumers pay
too much for the complex service rendered ?
Everyone; we believe, concedes the efficiency of the Swift
& Company organization in performing a b:g job in a big way
at a minimum of expense.
Swift & Company '3 total profit in 1917 was ihs than 4
cents on each dollar of sales cf meat n-.u by-products. Elim
ination of tis profit would have had practically no effect on
live stock and meat prices.
Do you believe that this ser ;;; can be rendered for less
by any other conceivable method cf organization or operation?
fflll
These qucsiicr.a and ethers are answered ally and
,e Swifl a Ccuipai.y 1918 Year
H' !: fiei't fre2 on reoucst.
Addrczz Swift tz Company, U. a Verde, Chicago
IrmLIy in
Swiit ik Company, U. S. A.
., , , . -
"W'ashitiKton wires me eonpratulr
firns. snyine that to date our oraani-
j'ntion in Arizona is rnakinr a record
I for women in the Liberty Loan ram
! naifn. WHl you tefl vonr workers.
find extend my coiieratulatious md
thanks. Please continue vour splen
did work and use every effort to the
I last minute of the campaign to see
j if wo cannot put Arizona at the top
for the whole campaign."
The work of the women of this
county has bren especially Rratifyin?,
aooerdinsr to the. reports of chairman
and others in charge of the cam
paign. With figures for this district
inecmplete. and with much work to be
aeocmplished, the women havei se
cured pledges totaling $310,752.00.
This Is practically one third of the
total sum pledged for the entire dis
trict, but in numbers of pledges it is
perhaps two-thirds, since hundreds ot
small subscribers represent the ma
jority of pledges taken by the women.
The work of the women has been
perhaps the most fatiguing and te
dious of the entire drive. On them has
fallen the routine, the house to house
canvass, the personal encounter. Thev
have, been appointed to see the resi
dent, everyone In the residence dis
tricts. Thev have had to walk long
miles over the streets and hill3 of the
district, ffem door to ?nor Thev
have heiun early in the morning, and
worked until late at nieht. They have
phipge-.l away in the face cf spring'n
I winds and dust, and in the face of a
! gigantic task to complete, they have
so conducted their dMve that now.
with but. s few days left to work,
they have practicallv completed their
canvass or the district..
Mr. Gainer sat. yestcrdav at hM desk
;n th? commercial club rooms. Before
him lay on it great desk top, hundred?
paners. letters, eomnhiints and sub
scription lists and rcnorts. ITe had
been tslk'ng cf the wcrk of the wom
en in this district and Cochise coun
ty, and he spoke of the complete man
ner in which they had conducted their
Fhare of the drive.
"Here," he said, 'is an example
He took from tc pila of recorts ono
in the unmistakable, witing of a wo
man. It was p vart'nl statement of
work rcrnplctert !n the Lowell dis
trict. A recapitulation cT committee
KINGDOM OF LOVE IS
IG FILM FEATURE AT
EAGLE THEATER TODAY
WHEN WEAK
OR RUN DOWN
by rhronlo r cirute throat ami Inn
t mil bus which often Ocreune etticiem:y
and menace life iiseU. try
ECKMATTS ALTERATIVE
Tt! ! a Cstrltim tntratlon tmsspss
ed of marked tonic v&luo in addition to
Its remedial dualities. Contains no Al
cohol. Karcotio or Uault-Formmg Irue.
$2 tize, bow $1.50. $1 size, sow 80c
irice includes war tax. AU drUKs'stJ
FVTn-n T.n'Qr-orv Pnltflelrtntn.
JOHN G. WILSON
Contractor
and Builder
ESTIMATES FURNISHED ON
ALL CLASSES OF BUILINGS
SEE ME LAST Phone Cresn 782
HENNESSY
'Undertaking Parlors
PHONE 15.
OK ST.
Y.W.C A. CAFETERIA
OPEN TO, THE PUBLIC
f Prices Reasonable
Breakfast".... 6:50 lo 8:30
Lunch. 11:30 to 1:30
Dinner
5:00 to $:30
Have you ever been faced by a debt
that to you is tremendous and where
there seems to be no possible way of
paying it? Hare you ever faced ruin
and moral slavery because of your
willingness to save another and con
tract financial difficulties? Have you
ever been willing to give away all
that your profession and your life has
stood for by assuming an obligation
that mer.ns slavery to you?
Hardly anyone Jn the world has
faced such a situation. Rut It is ex
actly just the conditions that the
young clergyman in William Fox's
new photoplay, "The Kingdom of
Love." at the Eagle theater today finds
himself. It is necessary for him to buy
the woman whom he loves in order
that she may be saved from degrada
tion. She is moved by the highest motive,
that of saving a mother's life. But this
will not heln her when her soul
has been sold. The clergyman who Is
!cr.ni!e:;s oflers his iosit'on. Ills pro
fession, his career and his life to pre
vent this woman's tremendous facri-fice.
(TOO LATE TO CLASSIFY.)
NOTICK All those wishing Chautau
qua tickets can obtain them at the
Commercial Club, Copper Queen Ho
tel, and all drug stores. 599
Richard Glaze, Oph. D.N.D.
Practice Limited to Eye and Nerve
Disorders.
Phone 156. Office and residence
first house west of Masonic Temple,
Main Street. Bisbee, Arizona.
Glasses fitted by the latest methods.
HErvt--
GRIBBLE PHONE 691
BISBEE TRANSFER,
STORAGE & COAL CO.
Warehouse & Office Opposite Depot
PHONES 640 and 50.
Contractor and B y i 1 d e r
ESTIMATES AND PLANS
FURNISHED
Wm. McDOUGALL
OPPOSITE LINCOLN SCHOOL
PHONE GREEN 723
CHICHESTER S PILJ.S
Akf MM lflH-TPR
I.a4lr! Ak your UniccUt fur i
1M1U la Ur4 nJ Uota struliiA
rove. raiol wiUl Mu KiUkm.
Take ther. Buy mf i
IH iONI IIHAM) FILLK, f,
SOLD BY DP.L'GGISTS LVLRYK'HLSE
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Soliciti Your
Patronage
PHONE 53
housewives frequently experiment
with baking powders until they try
"Crescent" and use that
ner.'Jy.
At
25c
perma-
all grocers'
full pcunrl
Li 'irrt.-'
(11 227)
An Address
of Unusual Interest Will Be Delivered to the.
Citizens of Bisbee
Tuesday, April 30th
CHA UTA UQUA
TENT '
IN LOWELL
at 8:30 P.M.
-By- .
GEN. E. E. SWINTON
Secretary Biitlsh War Cabinet, Inventor cf the
British Tank.
SUPPORTED BY
FRANK G. O'DELL
OF OMAHA
It is a great compliment to the Southwest to have a
rosn of General Swinton's international fam? visit us.
He will speak on subjects of the deepest interest, ar.d
with authority. Every citizen should attend, if only out
cf courtesy to our distinguished guest.
lisMHHstftal
Wh
ere
yoo stan
do
til
a
You are either for the
war or against it. If
you are against it you
ought to be in Ger
mapy. If you are for
it you ought to own
Liberty Bonds.
buy
Liberty Bon
today
Advertisement contributed by
STANDARD OIL COMPANY
(California)
L. J. OVERLOOK, BROKER
Correspondents: Paine, Weber & Co, Boston, Duluth, Calumet.
LOGAN & BRYAN, NEW YORK AND CHICAGO.
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK.
When You Think of Building
Think of
GIBSON-KINES
LUMBER COMPANY
J. W. F. SMITH
Manager
Phone 88
THE DAILY REVIEW WANT ADS BRING RESULTS FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY MORNING, APRIL 30, 1918.
Sljc SHsbrc Bath; j&tuivut
MJBLISHED EVERY DAY EXCEPT MONDAY BY THE
STATE CONSOLIDATED PUSLISHING COMPANY.
SULLEN A. CAIN'.
..Editor and General Manager
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
Tlie Associated i'ress is exclusively tniiiled to the
use lor republication of all news dispatches credited to
it or not otherw ise credited to this paper and also the
local news published herein.
All rights of republication of special dispatches herein
are also reserved.
Entered as Second Clas Mail Matter at Bisbee, Arizona,
Under Act of March 8, '879.
.SUBSCRIPTION RATES, PAYABLE IN ADVANCE:
eK MONTH .
THREE MONTHS ...
61X MONTHS
TWELVE MONTHS
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per year
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per quarter
2.26
4.00
7.60
2.50
.75
No Subscription Taken For Less Than 75 Cents.
5
THE BATTLE LINE
Splendid your muscles, and your tendons
steel,
Heroic little England, blessed isle,
Ten millions of souls tonight are praying
while
You hold the line. Onward they press
you feel
Them strike to tear your heart, you
watch them reel,
In vain against your walj of men, you
smile
To hear their taunts. Serene, your rank
and file
Repel each Pyrrhic onslaught. Fortune's
wheel
Is slowly turning as the hours drag by.
The God of Battles guards you with his
hand,
His shield and sword are yours! Fight on!
Divine
Your cause, grinu England, although in
the sky
Death's coruscations gleam and all the
land
Is blood. Forever, England, hold the
line !
Thomas Hornsby Ferril in the Rocky
Mountain Herald.
Never was there a time since the days
of Alexander Hamilton and Thomas Jef
ferson, the founders of the great American
political parties, when nonpartisanship has
stood out so fine and strong and clear as it
does at this time. Witness the case of
Champ Clark, Democrat, speaker pf the
national house of representatives, consider
ing whether or not to take the appointment
of U. S; senator from Missouri in place cf
the late W. J. Stone. Clark hesitates be
cause of the close division in the house. If
he resigns it may well mean a hard fight for
the speaker, and the Republicans may win.
Then came Republican leaders to Clark and
assured him that if he resigned the speaker
ship to enter the. senate, they would not
oppose the election of a Democrat in his
place, and at the same time they urged him
to stay in the house where, in their judg
ment, he could do the (most good for his
country. Here is nonpartisanship with its
head high above the tempest tossed waves
of party politics. The watchword of all
good men and true in these times of great
stress is state first and party afterwards.
And this is even more true in regard to city
affairs. 'Nonpartisan tickets in cities the
country over are the rule this second year
of our great war. The highest efficiency is
sought in this way. The strength of the
state is the strength of the free cities. Bisbee
has nominated a nonpartisan city ticket, the
strongest that could be selected from this
community, and will elect it next month
by a decisive and emphatic majority, to the
further credit and prpgress and prosperity
of this district.
In these columns the fine showing by
Chinamen of Tucson in buying Liberty
Bonds has already been noted. Word from
over the country on the campaign is to the
effect that Chinamen everywhere are buy
ing their Uncle Sam's bonds in a most lib
eral fashion. In our haste we have always
thought of these yellow men as the "Chink"
and the "laundryman" and the "heathen."
But they are achieving a higher dignity
than we have ever deigned to give them
before. China is in the war against Ger
many and has set up a republic of her own.
Chinamen on theje shores by the thousand
have lately earned the title of patriots by
their loyalty and their large purchases of
Liberty Bonds.
It is declared that five million men of
the Brilish Empire have enlisted and are
under arms. Well, they lost Mt. Kemmel.
That means that at least five million Amer
icans must take up arms to win this moun
tain back again with the aid of these same
British and some three millions of French
men. Which, summed up, means that the
loss of Mt. Kemmel is one of the most se
vere, if not the worst, blow of the war to
the allied cause. These are anxious and
desperate days, and we must not hide from
this fact for a moment. Rather, let us face
them ; face the worst in the same spirit that
those men of the staunch British breed are
facing it Over There. And in the end we
shall most surely prevail.
That Mexico is the nest and centre cf
German activity upon the western conti
nent today goes without saying. Our south
ern neighbor harbors our enemies in her
house. German propagandists are flagrant
and open there in their spoken and printed
lies about the war and America's part in it.
Carranza was the only neutral ruler upon
the earth who sent birthday felicitations to
the Beast at Berlin. Only with his tolerance
or sanction would German agents and sym-.
pathizers be so bold and brazen and active
in Mexico as they are at this time. And
here and there a voice is raised in protest.
Leading Mexicans of the better clajs" look
ahead and see the Uriited States as their one
great friend and disinterested and unselfish
helper in the solution of their problem of
destiny. They are sounding a warning now
to Carranza that is most earnest and insist
ent in its appeal. T. R. Beltran, former
Mexican consul, in his paper, the LaDe
fensa, in an editorial under the striking cap
tion, "The Bugle Call," checks it iip to Car
ranza in part as follows:
"The carnage of battles fought in Eu
rope recently, in which an important part
has been taken by the troops of the United
States, has produced the countless victims
that are inevitable in a war as sanguniary
as that in progress in the Old World.
"Many homes in the United State3 are
in mourning. Few homes there are which
do not expect to receive, sooner or later, the
sad news that a beloved member of the fam
ily has sacrificed his life in the supreme
struggle against German autocracy and
the infernal doctrines of German "kullur."
"A good neighbor and true friend can
not view, except with great displeasure, the
presence in his neighbor's house of an as
sassin bent on crime. Nor does a good
neighbor and true friend countenance the
act of the assassin in using the fruit of his
crime to gain adherents to his dark savagery
and by a process of cynical apology seek to
advance extenuation for his offenje. The
families of young men who already have
made the supreme sacrifice, and the fam
ilies of those who are even now immolating
themselves on the altar of democracy, can
not view with pleasure the fact that in Mex
ico, their neighbor and their supposed good
friend, the enemy of mankind, the Hun, i3
allowed to spread his insidious propaganda
and inculcate ideas in the hearts of tho.se
who, by reason of democratic affinities and
affiliations, should be bound to the United
States by the very strongest bonds of neigh
borliness. "The time has arrived to speak plainly
and unequivocally. This is our duty. The
time for vacillation is passed. The ugly
facts must be faced, in order that Mexico
may redeem herself and maintain her hon
orable position in the international congress
of nations.
"Mr. President Carranza, Mexico is fac
ing a tragic moment perhaps more tragic
and more painful than any heretofore ex
perienced by our unfortunate country. And
this calamitous misfortune, looming so
ominously in the not distant future, it is
your duty and the duty of all true Mexi
cans, to prevent. The sacred obligation of
safeguarding the honor of Mexico and her
material interests, rests on your shoulders
and on the shoulders, of those associated
with you.
"There is still time, Mr. President Car
ranza, but the time is rapidly diminishing.
Only the very promptest action can offset
the grave impression of unfriendliness
caused by the pro-German propagandists of
Mexico.
In the glorious Liberty Bond campaign
now drawing to a triumphant close in Co
chise county, let us not for a moment over
look the fine work of the womer. . The
Cochise branch of the National Woman's
Liberty Loan committee did so well that
the state president at Phoenix sent a con
gratulatory telegram. Bonds in the total
of over three hundred thousand did the
Cochise ladies sell with their own fair
hands and soft words and shining glances.
Gen. John J. Pershing is a good deal
like George Washington, as described by
the inimitable ArtemiH Ward. He, "never
slops over."
WANTS UNITY IN THE
COUNTY, BUT MUST BE
THE DOUGLAS WAY
A RARE SAMPLE OF GERMAN PROPAGANDA
A Warning to Carranza j
3?'LM.'flMMWl...jWM HI' U: H II !. .kn, l
fill Vrf yrA ' i ;. ; 1
Dispatch Wants Warren Dis-J
.:. r Ci.-J 1 TL '
link IJ O lailU oy
When They Have Always
Stabbed the District in the
Back on Every Occasion.
The Douglas Dispatch, in an edi
torial in its issue of Friday morning,
April 26th, attempts to criticize the
Hev.ww, because it has taken excep
tion to the stopping of the working of
ooctlcggers on tne county roads by the
Douglus Welfare League or the Purity
Sqjari, a it has been named by the
balance ol tb3 county as well as by
a number of the citizens of the Smelter
City. The editoridl is- headed, "A Lit
tle L'nity in Cochise, Please." It than
goes on and states that the Review
nas leaned away from the facts in re
citing in items of news that have ap
pealed torn time, to time in regard
to the bootleggers being worked on
the road, and then reprints an article
from the Review of last Wednesday In
which the Review stated that on ac
count of the greed of Douglas that the
work on the paved road between there
and here was liable to be rnld up by
others on account of the actions of the
Douclas Purity Sauad's Btand. It then
procesded to roaHt the Review staff
! and ureea that they read up, and that
tt i $500,000 had to be spent on the !
various roads of the county. If the,)
editor oi the Dispatch had not been
asleep for the past few months he I
would have read a long article In the j
Review of Its issus of April 7th, in
which the terms of the bond issue and
thn u-nxlr that u-o a ra 1 1 arl f fT hr thP n . i i r 1 1 r.. i 1
n.c -u. o. ........ .. , -- me ouipnur oprings uuey. aaiuraay i vie . ,y - , ,h coun,PSR
and in d tail. The article was printed Cochise county at Tombstone, a slack
at that tin: n because a Douglas paper j er namet; James Adoff Thompson, pf
had stated in its editorial columns that ; Light It wag 8nown that Thompson,
there was $500,000 now available for , who waa over n yiear8 ct afte at the
use of the paved road between Do-'g-1 time of registration last June, had
las and I5isbee and tnat tne naiance ; cever registered
flmi)fhiiC?eHflrabcn
.x;tf tvn I4 tr Vfi
la Vy-J VJU t'-.'-
The drawing here reproduced is circulated by the Germans in their own country and it neutral countries
The inscription, translated, reads: -In the trenches. Behold, I am with you always." In view of tht in
numerable deeds of barbarism practiced by German soldiers from ltfl4 to 1318, the picture anJ it legend cford
striking commentary as to the curious natura of the German mind, which seeks to believe that ail horrors com
mitted by German soldiers are dons with the mH nf ni
State and County News Briefs
County Briefs
I the United States which permitted the I badly burned, his hair singed, and his
eyebrows practically obliterated. Th
fire was so lar advanced when he re
turned for tne second child that he
was" unable to effect a rescue.
war cpartment to assume charge of
the burial. No definite information
has been received from the British au-
Constable Frank Greer, of Unfit In ; thorities regarding the claim that Ar
gyle was tt i son of the Countess ul
Darneyl, but it has been proven that
Green served in the Irish Fusiliers,
receiving wounds in the service.
Mrs. Anna Dyer, school librarian.
l left last flight for tll Anirelefl where
His case is beine In-! u . . .... .
of the county roads would t a fixed I vestigated by the board. I I, k, " - Ji ' i": JL lu, ,1
, , , i Douglas for fifteen y-jars, during most
ici municipal nag po.e at tne cor- of whJch time he ha8 taugnt ln the
later." The same article had a state
ment from the members of the County
Highway Commission stating that the
$500,000 available was to be distrib
uted throughout the county on tt2
rrnlu n; hrdptpd hv the commission
j in the call for the bond issue. The
language used by them was to the
I point so as to recall the impression !
ner of Fifth and Allen streets in Tomb-1 city 8t.noo8i na8 been 8eriouslv ill for
stone, is a decidedly patriotic display 1 8everal w leks. She is one of the old
improvement and as soon as the pole j est teacher, in point of service, in the
is replanted and tt a cement curved I state, and taught in Eisbee for many
base is put in. it will become a land.iyears before moving to this city,
mark. It is the right place for the t .
mnnlrfnfll fine 'a-hir-h haa been so! t -. .. . 1 i r. .i
, , , . . . ii,, i,lu ' Little k?aiuiu ttuciuuuii ui i'uukiqa,
that had been made by the Douglas rol.rt, parnpd .Ih alI its Btars kv ... j ... ...
I .-. -II ,V. ,.o tr. hAlr. : " " . . . .. . ., " EUIUIIH1IJIITII11.CII . VI "-ST .. c
iui.-i niai mi me tne city oi lomDstons ana us tnou
I spent on that one road.
i Tt Dirpatch editorial then says:
I tary citizens.
was struck by a machine with Fred
Scott of Bisbee, at the wheel, the form
er's cjr being slightly damaged. Dawe
Handsomely engrossed on a roll of
honor, tl.'e names of six towns of Ari
zona are displayed In the lower ro
tunda of the state capitol building
in Phoenix. The towns which have
J:n this .;xonor of the state csh,
won this honor by having exceeded
thsir quota in the third Liberty loan
are Kingman, Casa Grande, Oatman,
Florence, Ray and Superior. As lap
idly as other cities and towns in the
state qualify 'or the honor their names
will be placed on this rolL
Lorenzo Felix, of Phoenix, who es
caped from the SolomonvCle road
camp November 19. 1916, was cap
tured Friday in Phoenix by Police
officer Crowe. He was returned to
the prison yesterday morning in the
custody of Deputy Waraeu Truman.
i Felix was convicted on a charge of
IS fin,l hut ho u-na ririvincr Rnurh nn R i !, j . . . , ...
, - -- - oursiary ana at ine lime oi nis escape
avenue i.7.a upou i aciiuiB iiic unci- had served two veara of an intermedi-
"Douttlas and the Werren District ,
fiivfRinn ITnplnper Cv Pprkina
practically compose four-fifths of the : bus arranKinK for the removal of the
oonntir Thpir intprpatR are identical, i - i. iv,o ' . . ......
- . . ; luuu umi' iium no ui cscm nn- m mo j aprtinn at renin sireei. saw ine oiner i , r . ..
Whon in fh h Ktorv Of DOUC as naS .... . ... V, v,.l.l ,U ...... , , ,,. rtmcuw m iwiu . m mill ,n.
. 1 r . 2 nUlU UI'I'I wuvlil"P u uivvuvu, .
however, swerved tO the A thnrnmph nrffanliatinn all tra.
n .. w.
cers and bakers of Mesa. Tempe,
Chandler and Gilbert is contempUUsa
in a meeting which has been called
at 3 o'clock Tuesday, April 30. at tn
Episcopal Guild hall. Mesa. The o
ject of the meeting is to form as asso
ciation similar to the one organized
in Phoenix for the purpose of secur
ing closer cooperation with tbe food
administration, with cspecla." refer
ence to the distribution of flour.
The members of the stats tax com
mission loft PhoenU yesterday for
Yuma where a hearing wrl be held
nn the valuation cf the Swansea mine
'that community offered in one ins- 0,d San pomingo smelter. Engineer otner Cir.
tance to n-iip me narrei: yisnu-i. '"-.Douglas yesterday ran lines to deter-: right striking Dawe's machine with
c;fii ihn hov-o nlwiivs tried to handi;- i . . ,i ; fe. . " . .. ... .
i ..-I. u ll,e ouiwiBBi luuu iu ...ci oi.u a jymn impact, scon was xasen 10
It to the Warren District. When tne u vag found that fronl the corner of , tl,e city jaii and locked up on a charge
i rmiuci lanu mmo " izm ana Alien sireeis. m luiumwue, Df driving an automobile wnne unuer
Douglas chamber of commerce went on wouId bc about 34uo feet and conse- the influence of lir,i:or. He was ar
I record against Bisbee being on the j qu.ontiy pipe is being arranged to cover , rrste(i bv Officers Higgins and Kirk
I route and advised all tourists going I tnat distance. As soon as the pipe patrick
J through to turn off below Lowell and line j ,n commission Foreman Chad-!
go via nereioru anu in ian, imu j wjck w ill remove his camp to Hs new Friday afternoon Officer Houston
number of signs printed and had them iocat jon Having water and supplies I aml 0 js of th3 department of Justice,
placed along the route giving the di- available, with such a short haul, will ; foun,, a ionesome and neglected auto
rections and not even mentioning Bis-, be an economic gtrokT for the road de- i ,nobile on the roadside bet een Doug-
bee. Vnen tne couniy eai umiici
came up. Douglas sent S. W. McCall
and Ja. k Sparks to Phoenix to lobby
for the bill and had it passed, so that
no town in the Warren District, out
side of Bisbee, which was incorporated,
could get in on the location of the
county seat, and then they had the
nerve to ask the Warren District Com
mercial Club to pay half of the ex
penses, but it was not done. Douglas
than throw In with the WillcOX citizens
L " ' " - - - miiwicu " ' i " LJesiHl Ul lilt: ui iai vim in. v. j ) l ij- kit.
and advised them to start a county j four pagea and modestly says on the , wno ig holding it for future con-! erties and other industnes which will
division proposition, sdithat the county flrst page tnat it is independent politi-; sidcration. Indications are that its I find a place on the tax roils.
would he aiviuea. ana pronuseu io "i- cally and otherwise, wnicn may or may , nov3 is in this city.
port that measure if they would sup-, not De g00d policy in Mexico. I " . '.
port Douglas in getting the county i j.
seat when they knew that the Warren The remains of Jackson B. Argyle, j riyifif StatC JOtCS
District had no chance, to get in on the ;known iM x()gales as Jack Green, were ,
deai. They fell down on this also. I scnt to Ft. Huachuca for interment.! 1
A few days ago the Warren District : advjces h iv'ng been received from Ft.
Commercial Club askrjd the Douglas
Welfare League to withdraw their ob
jections to the bootleggers being
worked on the road, they absolutely
refused.
partment. ias and Rodeo . Being men of deep
sympathies ttry went up to the ma-
Agua Prieta, opposite Douglus. has.cnine and began to fondle it. so that
a newspaper, a small weekly publica- if ,iht n,A feel so far away from its
tion, true, but a newspaper just ths i owner a little familiarity w ith the preliminary to the lilting aT that
same. It made its first bow to the t car revealed that it w as a bad, bad property on the assessment roles for
nuhlic a week ago last Sunday, thei , .rrt hnrt insi.lp about ten cases 1918. Representatives of the owners
name being El Fenix; its alitor and ; of whiskev As this load of booze and lessees of the mine will be prt-
nuhlitiho: E. J. Leon. It has liberal ,j i, imnnihlo for the car to travel ent. Before returning
to
patronage insofar as advertisers are, the two officers accompanied it the tax commission will make I
.nrw.ornori iirsict ir-a II four-fifths of tt-. ..,rnnH it nvnr tn Just-! nnual inspection trip over i
ting devoted to display space. It has , (. D lt of the department of just-, county, visiting all the mining prop-
.... .v-. . nn AthuB innnctnAa m'tilcn mill
Phoenix
their
uma
,..i,.l.... -V iin.Mirarii.n fif thl rl-
Sam Houston tc give the body a n;;zona Aulo Accessory company were
tary funeral. An investigation of,ned r:id.iy in the otliee of the state
Green's career brought out the fact corporation conlmission. . .
that tlve suicide had been a soldier in i r .
The bond of Cyrus K. Broome,
charged with the murder of Charles
Yakimovkh was raised from $5,000 to
i25,CoO Saturday by Justice jOscar
Pease, following the conclusion of the
prelinimary hearing, at the request of
County Attorney Kirke Moore and his
associates of the prosecution.
The justice announced that he would
bind Broome over to the superior
court, but formal judgment was de-
I 1 I lTHu-r-r.l Till'. mi nf Ctohe. ilainisi to,. ", ....j "v., .till, tiin
.. ... . . . .... i ! . . i i .1 ...... 1 " " ' . i IPrrPll 11 11 111 e?lt:tua., UJ wu.vu
.now mat tne rest oi ine county , roads, l ney nave a-so u.a,.e . , ht sunlon 37 ,nches ln . - - - & , d r
taken uu interest in the matter and u,ent that when thy investigated the d . ..,i;hins 5 pounds "roome niui give
. i - x i .i v.. -(-. if ii in inn.
In the feikral court at Piieonix Sat
! urday. JiuIkc Saw telle sentenced tne
nun who IiaU oeen louna guiuy uuuur
W. H. Kadler, who pieao-
sees that through the action of the , bootlegging question ' they found that . a hook Li,lrini. a recent t xpedi-
lHmglas eitare ueagu's, roaa nianers : there were tweniy-six men unuci BC" itlon to Roosevelt Lake.
are being held up, they have taken the j tence for lKiotlegging, and that tfcyj .
stand that Douglas will have to fight i found only six at work." None of the i,i,. r .,irirln?
.. .i,... !,. .o nf ItiKhrit. :..i..l., V...I . hurt.,, nf the Jll iS-; runum" . . .. JZ i " 1
i.M ai t, - iniiLiaia - o - - . Kp, iire mt Mohave couiuy one oi .h st,KKi,m.
and the Warren District suiters, ue-1 oner8 according to statement indue.... r3.up()ratin!; ,.amp., for soldiers I ed nty t a charge "of obstructing
cause the paving of the road between 'then, Kave such Information to tne oroken iu health, several of whi-h the the draItt tnritinR insubordination and
ner? anu in.-re t uKiuB uj coinmiuce mm .u. i i Kovernment isstablislunS at ainereni . advjsm aRainst the Liberty loanj re-
Ihc Warren District is made to suffer The committee also stated in Tomb- (r throUKhout the couutry and aro ' ,ejved a pnteiice of five years In; tne
tnls loss on account oi ine aciion ui
the Douglas Purity S(uad. The quick
er the road is finished to Tombstone,
the quoctor work will be started on
other parts of the county and this de
lay on the part of not working the
' ' . . . , i , I imiuin ,iii ,i.. -
stone that neany nun oi me - , uller lt in earnest. federal prison at Leaveuworth anil a
gers that were convicted and allowed fine of i. f
to have xtra time for work came back Fortinia SancbM. a Mexican miner. ! Kiauk Kn ipp. the ftayden brick
to Douglas. They were asked by ine Ktru(t bv an automobile dnv-;aver. who pleaded guilty to a fhargs
court to name them. Tliey were D,en fc wloy Jones, nephew of Attor- 0f making seditious utterances and
tn nanv3 less than ten out Of nearly, .... Thur.iliv Anril .vlvin. rlm,i th u r and the mv-
' - . . , iiev vj ' i 1 1 1 a 1 .j " ' ' . ....... . ..... . - - - - "
bootleggf rs is maKing tne Daiance "ijtour hunarea. i U'h while rturning from woik on 1 ernment. stated that he meant no
the taxpayers In the county sore, be- Ias th.? stand of the Welfare Ianue ; Ma'l, hj Mialllii died early KriJay:f!arm by hs remarks and that if he
cause trny realize that as soon as the in not allowing the bM)tleggcrs to work : t(jjj Miami-Inspiration hospital, i i,ad known they were wrong he would
Bisbee-Tombstone State highway is j put a Bt0p to the bootlegging in Dou- Jones wa3 exonerated Friday by a cor- not have said what he did. Knapp
completed, that much sooner will 0 ia8 Not from all accounts. There is cner'8 jury. received one year and one day in
lorce of j rlsoners and bootleggers be ; hardly a day passes but what the col- Leavenworth.
put to vork on other roads. Douglas I umn8 r tti papers of that city con-1 unknown contedorate of R. E. I lid McNally, the Phoenix cook, on
and its Welfare League are delaying ; taln accounts of various ones being ' better known as Turly." wlio the same' charge as Knapp s said that
this worn. There are now in the conn-: cauKht selling or transporting booze. autoload of boot, ' he had no excuse to offer, His scn-
ty jail Ftme ten or fifteen men that , According to a Deputy Shenlf from -. ' ,nday evenins near Jerome tence was one year and one day In
tbero. who was in tne my ft-ifrny. i " iK.Puty Mar-hal Fred Hawkins anu the trderal prison. Jose uarcla, for
on his way to Tombstone with three, ,w smitl i released tlie ' biinuing a young Mexican girl into
he has inane linden ni:u .
could bo tut to work but for the stand
j of the Purity Squad.
I The IllKiiHtih tmthfullv savs, "Vn
'flection will make it clear that the past week
completion of this paved road will be
a iioweiful influence in determining
At thiw rate the county jail will soon '..., ' : f - Hl,.i iH-nuty
. , , u. 1 1 1 Uliri!. f .......... w. .
be overcrowded and ine mu" ,,CI ,n- f.-rillls Unrtlctt oilers a person
prUsaner from the n larKsuaie jjiji : iui.i cuuuiry. rein. a imre j
W.inesduy nisht. The sheriff's oft i c : Leavenworth. Frank Bertram, con-
vlcied oi seiuni; liquor iu inuians, hh
given Ave mouths iu Yavapai county
the decision of the Batikhcad pat hfind-1 be forced to send some of Its prisoner aJ' revviird of j-5 (r the arrest of lh jail
ers. a sto whether that mail snail to other places to nem or me iuuu- fugitive,
traverse the Borderland route through ty put to the expense of building am
; Douglas and Bisbee." How mucn Hd(lition to the Jan. w nereus. in An inlant wai baked to d. atti unii v
nuire so. that the comp' itioii of the . cid he put to work on the county (lay aftl,rniM,n in Globe when a tire, tin"
'road to Tombstone, which has already j roads, the county saved the expens-; f origin of which was not positively a
1 been started and which can be finished i their upkeep and the state pay the (.pl laitu d. deslroyp'l the home of M.
w ithin a few months, if sufficient men I hills and the county reap the Deneui ; v Yiiiinu. a hostl.-r at the Arizona
Inre k-.Mi! at work? The county willjf ihi eixhI roads. t 'roundhouse
fhen have that much more lo show if the Dispatch is willing that there : lwln daughters of Mr. Youn
them. should be unity in Cochise county, it i,.ss than fo'ir months old. Youns.
I The elfare Li'ague of Douglas has should b' Kin its missionary work in its I w.u, is a negro. wj ks t nlnht and
' undertak -n a good work in cleaning I o 11 little city and w hen it has coin-1 was nslei-p when tlie fire broke out.
'up Douthis. there is 110 doubt but ihey j.ieied that work It might endeavor loie saved the lite of one of bis :win
, 1 i,..., iiiiul.. 11 iiift-iLii it, utimiiliiir llu 1 lull tn fhi Itiihilu'tl nf the taxnavei's in I ilaiiuhteis at the cost o sever" ln-
tho woik of the bootlecgers on the ' Cochise county. i juries to hiiucll. Ills hands v
TEN JURORS SELECTED
illy Krvicw l-aaed Wire) .
CHICAGO. April 29 Ten jurors hd
been agi hmI upon tentatively by bta
sides vi h n Ihe trial of more than loo
I. W. W. on charges of violating the
The child was one ol the espionage law. before Federal Jiudge
and was iJinilis. udjourneu uxiay. rour: meo
w.-re excused from service by tlhe de
fense, three on challenges fori cause
and one because of illness in his fam
ily The last venireman will be turned
ov r to the piosecution by the iJefene
were tomorrow. , THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY MORNING, APRIL 30, 1918.
FIVE,
1
.
V
i
Mining and Financial News
by review Leased wire.
NEW YORK, April 29 The spas
nioclic activity of pools in low-priced
specialties saved today stock market
from absolute inertia. Trading in Che
usual leaders was of the most splendor
proportions, rails being relegated to
the background. Overnight war bul
letins and those received during the
day were in themselves sufficient to
restrain speculative ardor and domes
tic advices offered only partial en
couragement. Trade conditions, it was Indicated,
depen dlargely upon the quickening
depend largely upon the quickening
immediate future.
United States Steel, which led the
list so far as it displayed any leader
ship, was watched for some intimation
of tomorrow's action on the dividend.
Steel made an advance of a large
fraction, all of which was later for
feited.
Later gains of 1 to Vt points in
Bethlehem Steel, Baldwin Locomotive,
Central Leather, Studebaker and At
lantic Gulf were mostly canceled in
the sagging trend which marked Dual
dealing:;. Persistent heaviness was
manifested by the American Tele
phone and Sumatra Tobaco. Sales
amounted to 1S5.000 shares. Bonds
were irregular. Liberty issues react
ing, with nominal changes in interna
tionals. Total sales, par value, aggre
gated $6,335,000. United States bonds
old Issues, were unchanged on call.
GRAINS
CHICAGO, April 29. Corn prices av
eraged much higher today owing to
clearer knowledge of the attitude of
the food administration in regard to
hedging sales. The market, however,
failed to hold advances and closed un
settled at the same as Saturday's fin
ish to up, with May 127 and July
149 to 14994. Oats lost to 2
net and provisions 15 jcents to -1.
Sharp upturns at the outset in the corn
market promptly showed the influence
of a fresh statement defining what
kind of transactions would fall under
the ban of the anti-hoarding law. The
reassuring development n-as that the
government does not make it obliga
tory on grain handlers to hedge hold
ings. Unfavorable weather tended
also to lift the market but sympathy
with a break in the value of oats le-1
to releasing and to a consequent pro
nounced setback from top prices.
Favorable crop conditions together
with slowness of eastern shipping call
made the oats market collapse.
Selling pressure on pork carried
down all pcoviions. The market had
no aggressive support.
NEW YORK COTTON
NEW YORK. April 29. Cotton
closed steady at a net decline of 16
to 24 points.
Alaska I'
Butte , 201.
C & A 68 1,3
C &. H 433
C Range 45
Chile i ttS'i
E Butte 9
Granby 74
Goldfield 30
Hancock 7i
Indiana &0
Inspiration 51 i
Kennecott 31 9i
Keweenaw ll
Lake .. 56
LaSalle 2V.
Miami 28
Mohawk 61
Nevada 19
N Butte 13',i
Nip
Old Dominion
8
41
Oseeol 41
Pond
Quinvy
Ray Consolidated
Shattuck
Shannon
18
71
16
Superior Boston 2 VI
St. Marys 46
Utah Copper
Utah Consolidated 9
Winona I1
CURBS
Arkansas & Arizona 7
Austin M
Arizona Silver King 23
Big Ledge
Butte & London - 24
Calumet &. Jerome. 1
Corno!i,i 16
Consolidated Arizona 2
Consolidated Copper 5
Curtiss 30
Denn 21
NEW YORK METALS
NEW YORK, April 29. Lead quiet
spot, 710 and 725. Spelter quiet 6pot,
East St. Louis delivery offered at 675.
Ear silver 99.
, NEW YORK
Closing Quotations, April 29, 1913
Anaconda 63
American Can 43
American Car 78
American Locomotive 64
American Smelter 77 V
Paldwin SO
Hethlehem (H 78'6
C F I 40 V,
Canadian Pacific 137
crucible 64 Vi
Central Lsather 65 V
Distillers 51
General Motors 11a7
Ii.i'iana Alch 123V4
Mtxne'l 25
l Marine 23'i
I Marine, Pfd 86'4
.Mexican Petroleum S3
Northern Pacific 83
feuding 80
Rubber 57V-
Republican Steel SO
tudelaker 35
iteel 94T!,
S'.tcel. Pfd 110
" S Paul 37
fgouthern Pacific 82
Srjnclair 271,
txas Oil 144
Anion Pacific 117
i United States Marine 37
Wcstinghouse 40
Dundee
Emi'a
Federal Oil
Gadsden
Green Monster
Grand Island
Globe Domhi'on . . .
Hull ..- -.
Howe Sound
Heel
Jerome Verde
Jerome Victor
Magma Copr-er
Magma Chief
Miami Consolidated
Okmulgee
Porphyry
Pitts Jerome
lay Hrcuies .....
Santa Rita
Tom Reed
Tuolumne
United Eastern
Verde Ex
Verde Combination
Wolverine Arizona .
West End
White Caps
Wright Martin
2
2's
13
36
4
4
Vz
34 i
23
a
7"i
50
71
4Vh
'
21S
99
3
as
1H
78
OATMAN
By Cllins & Bretherton
Arizona Rex
Boundary Cone
Gold Pood Bon
Gold Reed
Gold Cliff ..
Luck Boy
Sunnyside
Telluride
Tom Reed
United Eastern
BOSTON
Adventure 1
Allouez 50
Arizona Commercial 13
Red Lion
Other Curbs
Gadsden
Green Monster
Butte London
Dundee
Venture Hill
Pitts-Jerome
Jerome Verde
Ark-Arizona
Jerome Portland
Inspiration-Needles
Hull Copper
Magma Chief
Wolverine-Arizona 1.75
Verde Combination . . .
Miami Consolidated .05
N'acozari Consolidated
Verde Apex
Porphyry
Feather River
6 7
2
' 23 ,
5
25 29
2
3 4
5
15
2
4 5
12
2.22 2.23
3.87 4.00
2
2
25
2.50 2.75
.62 .69
.24 .25
.87 1.00
.04
.71 .75
.62 .69
.08 .11
.25
.06 .12
.37 .43
.23 .25
1.75 2.00
.56 .C2
.05 .10
.45
.10
.50 .60
1.12 1.18
.15
MRS. ERNIE JAMES
REQUESTS CHANGE OF
VENUE TO PIMA COUNTY
Attorneys Claim That She
Cannot Receive Fair Trial
in This County; Other Mat
ters Before Superior Court.
TOMBSTONE, Ariz., April 29. The
following cases were set tor trial to
day in the superior court:
? For May 13 State vs. Erie James,
charged with assault with intent to
commit murder, on th"9 person of Mary
Hughes, in Bisbee, a few weeks ago.
Tha defendant's counsel. J. W. Ross
and Starr Williams, moved the court
for a change of venue to Tucson, on
the grounds that tiro defendant could
not get a fair and impartial trial in
this county. At first the court was
wont to deny the motion, but granted
the defendant time in which to secure
the required number of signers to her
petition to the court for such change.
State vs. M. C. Denny, charged with
obtaining money by false pretenses.
and also another criminal charge
against him for forgery were set for
the same day.
For May 14 State vs. Andres Tales,
charged with introducing intoxicating
liquor into the state.
Slate vs. Mamie Sorrenson, charged
with grand larceny.
For May 15 State vs. Leslie H.
Rose, charged with Grand larceny.
State vs. Mike Welch, charged with
assault with intent to commit rape,
and state vs. Leandro Rodriquez,
charged with assault with a deadly
weapon.
For May 16 State vs. Jack Sher
man, charged with selling intoxicating
liquor. There are six informations
against Sherman for this offense.
For May 20 State vs. Roy Hearn,
charged with murder.
Immediately after the setting of the
above cases, an order was issued by
ihe court, for the arraignment on Sat
urday, May 4, of the following defend
ants, all charged with selling intoxi
cating liquor: Johnnie Ames, Maud
Hill, and Alex Gurtle of Douglas; Wil
lie Walter of Lowell, Erick Dun, John
Doe Michetti. Ben Edwards and Jack
Kandol, all of Courtland.
In the case of state vs. Mary Ponzio
and state vs. Sain Ponzio. which were
tsppeal cases from the police court of
tisbee, the cass against the last named
Ing judgment shall file in the court
an affidavit setting forth facts show
ing that the defendant is not in mil
itary service."
According to reports there are now
on file in the superior court at Tomb
stone two cases of this character and
that there is no doubt that there will
be no decree signed in the cases un
til after 90 days after the demobilisa
tion of the army, inkeeping with the
above regulations adopted by the
courts.
PATRIOTISM AND
SACRIFICE IS SHOWN
An example of sacrificing every
thing for the cause of bis country is
had from Tombstone in the case of
Martin Cecil Costello, a Tombstone
boy, an-1 son of Mrs. Mary Costello,
one of the pioneer woiwen of the Old
Camp. Young Costello, although from
a rich family, and worth considerable
money himself in ranch, land and cat
tle holdings, has sacrificed all and has
gone to war, leaving today with the
contingent from Cochise county to
Camp Funston. In the first draft he
claimed no exemption, nor when the
questionnaires were sent out did he
claim deferred classification, when it
is a fact that he had ample grounds
for deferred classification, being a
stockraiser, which is essential in these
war times. Unlike some others, who
have not had so much to sacrifice and
leave behnd, this native son of Tomb
stone has set an example that will go
down in history along with the other
patriots who are sacrificing all for the
downfall of autocracy. It is another
case of wealth having no ties, when it
comes to the defense of our country.
He has turned over all his holdings to
another to manage until his returns
and the Prospector here, offers a fer
vent prayer that he return safely,
along with the other Tombstone and
Cochise county boys who dropped their
personal belongings with light hearts
and have cheerfully and with determin
ation entered the fight for the freedom
of the world. Prospector.
MEXICANS CAUSE RIOT
AT JOHNSON GAMP
According to advices received at the
sheriff's office in Tombstone, the Mex
ican element in the vicinity of the
Johnson Camp have become unruly
and trouble la looked for.
On Saturday two watchmen had oc
casion to drive six Mexicans off of
the Drooertv thev were watciiine. on
defendant was dismissed on motion j account of the Mexicans claiming the
of City Attorney Kyle, while in the riRlu to prospect on the property and
former. Mary Ponzio, the aetenaeni resented the right of the watchmen
pleaded guilty, and was find $5o.n0. ( 4o muke tr.em vacate the ground. That
Bost caaes were charges of disturbing night two watchmen had occasion to
the peace. ; go into Johnson and while on the road
The balance of the day was taken up . wer waylayed by about 20 Mexicans,
with the appeal case from the polios ' About 100 shots were exchanged and
court -f Lowell, of state vs. John uoi-1 one Mexican was reporiea as wouua-
den, charged with breaking the speed ed. The watchmen were driven back
to meir camp.
COLLINS &
BRETHERTON
We Specialize In
JEROME
AND
OATMAN
STOCKS
Jack BIdg., Main Street
Phone 26 Box 1129
CATARRH
orrnc
iSLADDEB
role btn Um (MIOYI
lode mining claim, situated In the
Warren Mining District, Cochise Coun
ty, Arizona, in Section 13. nnaourtved,
T. 23-S. R, 24 E. G. & S. P. B. & M.
described as follows, to-wit:
SUCCESS: Beginning at Corner
No. 1, the N. E. corner, whence the
Whi corner of Section 18, T. 23-S. P..
25 E. G. & S. R. B. & M. bears N. 83
11' E. 294S.8 feet; thence S 4 34' W.
326.40 feet to corner No. 2; thence N.
87 21' W. 1500 feet to corner No. 3;
thence N. 4 34' E. 425.30 feet to or
ner No. 4; thence S. 83 34' E. 1500
feet to corner No. 1, the place of be
ginning, containing a net area ct 7.351
acres, expressly excluding area in con
flict with Survey No. 3117, Bruce Lode
of 3.802 acres, and with Survey No.
8117, Baltic Lode, of 1783 acres.
The location notice of this claim is
recorded in the office of the County
Recorder of Cochise County, Arizona,
as follows:
SUCCESS Book 49, Records
of Mines, Page 138.
The names of the adjoining claims
to this survey are: On the North Sur
vey No. 2176, Corona lode and Survey
No. 3158, Corona lode; on the East
Survey No. 3158, Rolla lode and Sur
vey No. 3117 Baltic lode; on the South
Survey No. 3117 Baltic lode and Sur
vey No. 3117 Bruce lode; on the West
Survey No. 2029 Horse Shoe lode.
J. L. IRVIX, Register.
Legal Notices
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR
U. S.LAND OFFICE, AT PHOENIX,
AK1ZOXA. APRIL 13, 1918.
Notice if hereby given that Alliert
B. Oldham, of Bisbee, Arizona, who on
April 9, 1915, made Homestead Entry
No. 027120, for SE. Se 13. EN'EU.
NESE. Section 24, Township 22-S,
Range 25-E, O ft 8 R B & Meridian,
has filed notice of intention to make
threu year proof, to establish claim
to the land above described, before
Jarei D. Taylor, U. S. Commissioner,
at Bisbee. Arizona, on the 22nd da- of
May. 1918.
Claimant names as witnesses: Wil
liam H. Witherell, Andrew M. Maxam,
Henry Ash, James E. Kenney, all of
Bisbee, Arizona.
JOHXL.IRVIX.
Register.
Firft publication, April 20, 1918;last
publication May 22, 1918.
REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS
ml Hp
,m-mm in inn n M(MMy
1
Alpha is
sold
wherever
soft
drinks are
served.
delicious, invigorating tlie
drink for all. It is the nation's
best new beverage.
Alpha is a beverage of quality
it allays thirst? easily, quick
ly and completely.
Every Home Should Have
Alpha
IF. TF-ST IS IN THF TASTF."
OrWeracase of Alpha for your
honie give it to your friends
drynk it with your meals.
ALPHA BEVERACE DEPARTMENT. CHICAGO
Crystal Bottling Work, Distrs.
V - Tuuon. Ariz. .
sfaviccxol
Lotifliooouc
gJ mmrwn If
;'i,,1Cj11,UBw HI
limit. The jury were out 10 minutes
and brought in a verdict of not guilty.
Tomorrow, there are three cases
scheduled for trial, all for transporting
intoxicating liquor: State vs. Tom
Chambers; state vs. Frank Cobie and
Lawrence Kelly, and state vs. A. B.
Rodman.
Marriage Licenses
The following marriage licenses
were issued by the clerk last week:
Joseph Foucher and Elizabeth Nan
cy Allen, both of Douglas.
Benjamin Balfe and Lucile Coonett,
both of Douglas.
Charles M. Lafferty and Helen Bar
rett, both of Douglas.
Jamie S. Bell and Sophie Shutte,
both of Lowell.
O. Lester Kelly and Mrs. Codie E.
Epley. both of Douglas.
Narcisco Nieto and Carmen Orozco,
both of Bisbee.
Jack C. Trout and Ruth Hudson,
both of Bisbee.
Fred T. Gregg and Bessie W. Hicks,
both of San Simon.
Gearhart M. Riefschn'sider. Douglas,
and AJyce J. Tomsek, Fremont, Neb.
William A. Branham of Douglas, and
Hattie Sammon of Dallas, Tex.
Ollie O. Barney and Hazel P. Owens,
both of Benson.
Gavino Juarez and Margareta Lugo,
both of Bisbee.
Jams Albert Miller and Beatrice
May Goodman, both of St. David.
CANNOT DIVORCE YOUR
SOLDIER HUSBAND
Sunday, Constable John Bright ar-
lested one of the ring leaders for
having powder in his possession witu
out 'a license aud others are going to
be rounded up. An effort is now being
made to locate the wounded men.
Acting Sheriff Guy Welch and two
deputies will leave for Tombstone for
the Johnson camp this morning to
make further investigation and a
search will be made of the houses of
the Mexicans in that locality for arms
and ammunition.
If the situation demands it. other
deputies from the different sections of
the county will be called in aud dras
tic action taken.
Delbridge Ivey, formerly assayer for
the Bunker Hill, is now located at
Gleeson, where he is now assayer for
the Copper Belle mine there.
LIFT OFF CORNS
FREEZONE IS MAGIC
Costs few cents! Sore, touchy
corns lift right off with
fingers. No pain!
ma
I
K
Drop a little Freezone on an aching
corn, instantiy that corn stops hurting,
thon you lift it right out. It doesn't
hurt cue bit. Yes, magic!.
AID MVlttiTIOtS. I
iv-i; .f'f.a
f. .v? ;3',-?4J1
r . f - U- v. --' '
ptusuant to a recent act of congress,
tho superior courts of Uie various
couuties of the state have adopted
regulations destined to protect pcrsoiu
serving in the I nited States govern
ment iu any military capacity from
Jivorte actions.
Sinirils r reauiations have becu rec
ognized by the courts in mauy ins
tances for tlie past several montiic
but they have only recently be?n made
to apply to defendants in divorce
suits.
I'nder the court interpretation ot
th congressional act. all fcii:inin
plaintiffs in divorce actions will here
o tp i.r rnniDelled to file an affidavit
with the court showing that their de-.
iluiuant husbands are not serving the.
So eminent In military rapacu). i
such defendants are in the military ,
Uservice of tne couiury, me
of the decree will be suspended mini
ItO days alt.T the demobilization of the j
army. 1
In instances where males are plain-j
tifls in divorc e actions, they will be
compelled to Tile affidavits showing'
that defendant wives are not Kt-rviiiK
I lie country as Red Cross nurses or
in some other similar capac ity. II
nirb defendants are nerving the coun
try, tlie same regulations as apply to'
the women will hold. i ny wait? Your druggist sells a
The particular section on whii-h the I tiny Ixitlle of Freezone for a few ceiiis.
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR
U. S. LAND OFFICE AT PHOENIX,
ARIZONA. APRIL 13, 1918.
Notice is hereby given that George
L. Dunn, of Stark, Arizona who, on
April 17, 1913, made Homestead En
try, No. 022187, tor WNEVi, WSE
Sec. 35, and on February 17, 1915,
made rdditional Homestead Entry, No.
026765 for SE4NWi. ESWH, SWV
SWi4, Section 35, Township 23-S,
Range 22-E, G & S R B & Meridian,
has filed notice of intention to make
three year, Proof, to establish claim
to tl-.e land .above described, before
Jared D. Taylor, U. S. Commissioner,
at Pisbee, Arizona, on the 23rd day
ot May, 1918.
Claimant names as witnesses: Joel
H. Aden, Cornelius N. Drlscoll, Charles
A. Martin, all 3 ot Hereford. Arizona.
JOHN L. IRVINE,
Register.
First Publication. April 20. 1918; last
publication May 23, 1918.
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR U.
S. KATENT.
Mineral Survey No. 3384.
D. S. Land Office, Phoenix, Arizona,
February 28, 1918.
Notice ia hereby given that Samuel
Sutcllffe, C. W. Rambo and Carl Smith
Whose postoffice addresses are Bisbee,
Arizona, have made application for a
patent for the Winnebago lode mining
claim, situated in Warren Mining Dis
trict, Cochise County, State of Arizo
na. In Section 7. (unapproved) Town
ship 23, south, range 24 east, G. & S.
R. B. &. M., which claim is described
as follows, to-wit:
Beginning at corner No. 1, the S. E.
corner, whence the U. S. id. M. No. 1,
Warren Mining District bears S. 77
degrees 37 minutes east, 8754.1 feet,
thence S. 61 degrees 26 minutes W.
600.00 feet to corner No. 2. the S. W.
corner, thence N. 5 degrees 24 minutes
'east. 1500.00 feet to corner nw. .. the
'N. W. cover. thence N. 61 degrees 26
. minutes E. 600.UO feet to corner No. 4,
the N. E, corner, thence S. 5 degrees
24 minxes 1500.00 feet to corner No.
1. me place of the beginning, contain-
. ing net area of 17.136 acres.
! The location notice of this claim is
recorded in the County Recorder's of
fice. Cochise County, State of Arizona,
as follows: Book 42, Record of Mines,
at page 435.
The names of the adjoining claims
are: North, Blue Bird, unsurveyed,
owned by the Copper Queen Con. Mg.
Company; East, Bisbee Queen, unsur
veyed, owned by C. W. Rambo; South,
White Bird, unsurveyed, owned by H.
W. Clarkson and N. L. Hayden; West,
Silver Lead, unsurveyed, owned by C.
t, . nauiuv.
J. L IRVIX, Register.
First publication Feb. 2S. 1918.
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR
U. 8. PATENT
Mineral Survey No. 3387
Serial No. 038239
United States Land Office, Phoenix,
Arizona, March 1, 1918.
Notice is hereby given: That R. A.
Bretherton and C. M. Henkel, whose
postoffice addresses is Bisbee, Cochise
County, Arizona, have made applica
tion for patent for the following named
NOTICE OF THE APPLICATION OF
THE Bl SB EE-WARREN COPPER
COMPANY FOR A UNITED STATES
PATENT
Mineral Survey No. 3389.
U. S. Land Office, Phoenix, ArU..
March 4. 1918.
I'Otice is hereby given that the Bis-bee-Warren
Copper Company, a cor
poration organized and existing under
tho laws of the State of Arizona, with
its principal office at the city of Bis
bee, by its president and secretary,
thereunto duly authorized by resolu
tion of its board ot directors, has made
application for patent for the following
named lode raining claims, situated in
the Warren Mining District of Cochise
County, State of Arizona, approximate
ly in Section 13, Township 23 S- Range
24 E.. (unapproved) and Section IS,
Townsilp 23 S-, Range 25 E., described
as follows:
WARREX "Beginning at Cor. No.
1. the S. E. Cor, whence the W. U
Cor. of Sec. 18, T. 23 S.. R 25 E.. G. &
S. R. B. & M., brs. S. 72 42' E. 2425.1
ft. thence N. 77 57' W. 1496.0 feet to
Cor. No. 2, the 3. W. Cor., thence N.
IT 02' E. 600 feet to Cor. No. 3, the
N W Cor., thence S. 77 57' E. 149
feet to Cor, No. 4. the N. E. Cor,
thence S. 11 02' W. 600 laet to Cor.
No. 1, the place ot the begianing, con
taining a net area of 11.479 acres ex
pressly excluding area in conflict with
Survey No. 3158, Rolla lode ot 7.511
acres, and with Survey No. 3374, Rock
land lode of 1.61J acres."
BISBEE "Beginning at Cor. No. 1.
the S. E. Cor., whence the W Cor.
ot Sec. 18, T. 23 S., R. 25 E., ft. & S.
R B. A M. brs. S. 64 20' E. 943.4 ft,
thence N. 77 57' W. 1498 feet to Cor.
No. 2, the S. W. Cor., thence N. 11
02' E. 600 feet to Cor. No. 3, the N. W.
Cor., thence S. 77 57' E. 1498 feet to
Cor. No. 4, the N. E. Cor, thence S. 11
02' W. 600 feet to Cor. No. 1, tha
place ot the beginning, containing a
uot area of 20.630 acres.
it ED ROCK "Beginning at Cor. No.
1. the S. E. Cor, thence N. 79 53' W.
1460.90 feet to Cor. No. 2, the S. W.
Cor, thence N. 24 32' W. 406.70 feet
tc Cor. No. 3, the N. W. Cor, thence S.
7' 57' E. 1496.70 feet to Cor. No. 4.
the N. E. Cor, thence S. 24 32' E.
345.30 feet to Cor. No. 1. the place of
thb beginning, a net area of 7.604
acies, expressly excluding area In con
flict with Survey No. 3137 Jack Pot
No. 3.
CAF.BONATE "Beginning at Cor.
No. 1, the N. E. Cor, whence the W 4
Cor. of Sec. 18, 1. 23 8, R. 25 E, G.
S R. B. fc M. brs. S. 59 54' E. 717.3
feet, thence S. 2" 24' W. 14S5.60 feet
to Cor. No. 2, the S. E. Cor, thence N.
77 57' W. 532.30 feet to Cor. No. 3.
the S. W. Cor, thence N. 0 52' E. COO
feet to Cor. No. 4, thence S. 73 09' E.
27 3C feet to Cor. No. 5, thence N. 13
47' E. 597.80 feet to Cor. No. 6, thence
N. 73 09' W. 40 feet to Cor. No. 7.
thence N. 24 32' W. 345.30 feet to
Cor. No. 8, the N. W. Cor, thence S.
77' 57' E. 600 feet to Cor. No. 1. the
! place of the beginning, net area of
1 9.691 acres, expressly excluding area
! in confjict with Sulphide lode of this
j survey ot 1.532 acres and with Survey
! No 3390 Nancy Hanks lode of 5.744
acres.
SULPHIDE -Beginning at Cor. No.
j 1, the S. E. Cor, whence the W.
Cor. ot Sec. IS, T. 23 S, R. 25 E, G. &
i S R B. & M. brs. X. 87 04' W. 694.7
j feel, thence N. ii' 32 W. 1463.50 feet
to Cor. No. 2, the S. W. Cor, thence N.
2 24' E. 300 feet to Cor. No. 3, thence
X 11 02' E. 300 feet to Cor. No. 4.
the N. W. Cor, thence S. 77 57' E.
597 feet to Cor. No. 5. thence S. 86 34'
E 833 feet to Cor. No. 6, the N. E.
Cor, thence S. 2 24' W. 559.90 feet
to Cor. No. 1, the place of the begin
ning, containing a net area ot 1S.45S
aci es.
COPPER WEDGE Beginning at
Cor No. 1, whence the W. J4 Cor. ot
Sec. IS, T. 23 S, R. 25 E, G. & S. R. B.
& M, brs. N. 81" 55' W. 157.9- feet,
tbeuce S. 66 17' W. SS2.30 feet to
C01 No. 2, the S. W. Cor, thence N.
2 24' E. 464.30 leet to Cor. No. 3, the
X. W. Cor, thence X. 84 46' E.
1210.80 feet, to Cor. No. 4. the N. E.
C01.. thence S. 2 24' W. to Cor. No. 6,
th-. S. E. Cor, thence M. 88 65' W.
437.70 feet to Cor. No. 1. the place ot
the beginning, containing a net area ot
4.'"94 acres, expressly excluding area
in conflict with Sulphide lode, this sur
vey of 3.257 acres."
The location notices of these claims
are recorded in the County Recorder's
of lice, Cochise County as follows:
Warren Book 53, Page 423.
Bisbee Book 53, Page 42S.
Bed Rock Book 53, Page 425.
Sulphide Book 53. Page 425.
Copper Wedge Book 53. Page 42L
Carbonate Book 53, Page 422.
The names ot the adjoining claims
are: North Survey, No. 2413 Mayflow
er. Golden Gate, Juniper and Wedge
lodes. East Survey No. 2425. Delta
lode. South Survey No. 3390, Golcon
da. Sunshine and Nancy Hanks lodes.
Survey No. 3137. Jack Pot No. 1. and
Jack Pot No. 3 lodes. Survey No. 3158,
Roila lode. Survey No. 3374. Rockland
loae. West, Survey No. 3374, Rock
land lode, Anna lode unsurveyed,
owned by R. A. Bretherton and C. M.
Houkel.
J. U IRVIX, Register.
First Publication March 8, 191S.
Latt Publication May 17, 1918.
1
Atk Your Dtder
5
If. HI H-JJHM
tSrm rtt Hurrah v
courts are basing ml interpretation
is:
j Thai in any action or priM-eeclini;
Loinmcni-ccl In au c ourt. iT the re hiiall
1 l,c a default of an appearanc e by the
I duieiidant, the plaintiff before enter-
Gas Fired Water Heater
For Attaching
to Your :
Range Boiler
Provides abundant supply of
hot water at reasonable cost.
Call at our store and ask for
demonstration, or make re
quest for representative to call ,
upon you.
j j
!
I
'i
i! !i&n
i! : :
sufficient to rid your feel of every
haul cc-in. soft corn, or corn between
tho loos, and "calluses, without sore- J
lieo. or irritation. l-'reeaono is the
muc h talked of ether discovery of a !
Ciuciiiuati genius. Adv. '
Bisbee Improvement Co. "SIX
THE BISBEE DAfl.Y REVIEW, TUESDAY MORNING, APRIL 30, 1918.
HESSE GIVES QUEEN
CLUB GAGE BY LUSTY
HIT IN LAST INNING
the Queen swatters put over the t.vo
i runs necessary to give them a tie with
the Junrtion-i'.riRps for first lace in
'the league standings with two wins
i anil one defeat.
i The score: It H B
C. & A 6 11 6
Copper Queen 7 11 5
Curley. Itidwell alid Meachem; Lev
erett and Lebrandt
I At Los
llnr.d. 1-3.
j At San Kranfii'-co,
1-7.
NATIONAL LEAGUE
NATIONAL LEAGUE
W Pst.
New York 10 1 .90s
Philadelphia 8 3 .727
Chicago 6 3 .6fi7
Cincinnati 6 5 .545
Pittsburgh 4 4 .5(10
St. Louis 3 7 .300
Boston 2 8 .200
Brooklyn 1 9 -100
Sunday's Game
At Cincinnati, 2: St. Louis,
At Chicago. Pittsburg, wet grounds.
YESTERDAY'S GAMES
Introducing L?fty Hesse, hero of
Sunday's baseball embroilment at the
Warren pjayins field, which was won
by the Copper Queen team 7 to
thanks in part to a lusty swat by t'uej
aforementioned crooked srm first i
packer. ijected wheer it would do the
most harm to the C. & A. nine in the
linal frame.
Left Heese came striding up to the Vernon 16
platter with one hired hand out andjsalt Lake 14
two on bases, swinging his husky war j Oakland 14
club and with grim determination ana j pjcramento H
considerable c-oiifeediwe'. plainly in ; Los Angeles 12
evidence. Prior to this Kred Carnes ;e;an Krancico 11
had tatted for a hrlf hour or so, Sunday's Games
hitting not less than umpty steen tmisiAt ?alt like City,
which did an Aunty-over the grand
stand into the waiting mitts of em
bryo baseball players who are or the
opinion that all foul bails going out
side the ball orchard should become
their property, and finally with the
count two balls and three strikes,
Curley missed the rubbed with a pitch
after throwing twelve straight heaves
that cut the plate for strikes- or were
fouled. Result, Carnes on first base.
Two Hct Fcr Janssen
Next we hae Senor Jake Wilson at
bat. Also Hasly Bidwel! in the box
for the C. & A. as Manager Youngman
jerked, Curley because he v.-as unable
to stand out on he slab and throw
strikes all day for' Carnes to foul over
the stand. Wilson popped to Kidwoll
amid loud cheers from the C. A.
cohorts.
Enter Hob Whaling, considerable
hitter, too. .by the way. Robert
smacked one between first and second
base for a single and Carnes treked
to thitd base.
Now the stage Is all set again for
Lefty Hesse who bats, throws and
eats left handed, but is not a south
paw , mentally. . The fopular young;
moving picture actor and ladies man
from the coast proved his gameness
in the pinch by remarking before go
ing to the plate, "I'm hungry boys,
and it's time to go home. 111 Top
one on the nose and end the game
Bince it has gone too long already."
interesting Game
This was just what Hesse did for
he pickled one back at Janssen whicS
tore that young man's glove from his
hand as it whistled by and went biz
ling on to center field where It al
most knocked Gait over and tore on
to the deep center field fence. Con
siderable clout, w-e claim: one which
comes within an ace of wounding an
outfielder after passing an infielder
80 fast that he is unable to tee it go
by. Some swat.
Needles to remark, Carnes ambled
home fro mthird with a winning smile
adorning his countenance while Rob
ert Whaling sprinted from first base
and perspired so that he lost seven
pounds, according to Fairbanks.
Then the mad scramble for the Bis
bee cars and jitney's began.
, It was a fit ending to an interesting
game, one which kept the fans on
edge until the word finis was written.
The game sprinkled with a few errors,
which are to be expected with the
playing field a rock pile. The Queen
players made an uphill fight all the
way and refused to let the fact that
the losers got all the breaks, as a
total of six runs and but one of these
earned proves, disturb them.
Leverett Shows Class
Leverett pitched a nice game and
with perfect support and a good in
field would have give? a lone tally
to the C. & A. club. This pitcher
should go good in the American asso
ciation this season, where he will play,
as he has signed with Minneapolis
and will leave to join the Cantilliou
team after pitching Wednesday's game
against the J-R outfit.
The C. & A. club lucked in three
runs in the first inning and one each
in the third, fourth and eight frames,
while the Queens made one ia the
first, one in the fifth, another in the
sixth and two in the seventh. They
parsed up the eighth so as to make a
Garrish finish and lead the C. & A.
to believe they had the contest on ice.
The count was 6 to 5 in favor of the
C. & A. in the last of the ninth when
Old Soldier Fiddlers Rousing
Chautauqua Attraction t
Fiddling Old Tunes As They Did In Civil Wr Dsys
1 Baseball Scores j rr "full
' KAPt; ' ,"llllll. V t .-. n
COAST LEAGUE 7 1 0 I J?, jrM ' !
12 .571 4"i ' 'vtif'-? 1 $t A V V CVl
ii 560 ' : 1:1 f A viV
14 .500 R ' If I if I 1 '''
15 .444 ! 7y . vV4rC.4f t-J ifJ-V
5: Sacramento 1 III ' If "triml&MLMXx ' IHT - T !
Anseles: Vernon 5 1; Oak- It ft -i rfllll ' . - ,
2-1; Los AngeleJ A 171 'VX " 1'
-V - "
GIANTS KEEP LEAD
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., April 29.
New York retained its hold on the
Nationa Ueague lead by blanking
Phi!adelphia. Tesreau allowed five
scattered singles, while Mayyr was
batted freely, tex,tra base hits and
Stock's wild throw accounting lor
virtually all the Giants runs.
Kauff was the star. Young hit the
first ball Mayer pitched for a triple.
Score by innings.
RUE
New York 100 200 1111 6 12 1
Philadelphia 000 000 000 0 5 2
Tesreau and MeCarty, RariJen;
Mayer, Tincup and Burns.
MARGUERITE GIABR
IN THE AMAZONS AT
CENTRAL PLAYHOUSE
succession
hiiml-iome iov.'ng cip,
v.o.i tl-.M'-i t!'ii'.-s in
I i rii:;nn nt inssision.
I In the somi-f.nMs Itisle c!
.Miami in three straight games. In
the tinal.-t lli.srjee tcok Tu ..oil down
ithe line in four out of seven gawes.
wlii' b urn n be was able to no to his home In Upper
will not be
days, h'j--
for Tombstone ennvon. He
able to work tor svera
I'ea-c-d ever.
fislit.
Maraiuoriio Cluik. the dainty film
star who has cnjirivateil r.it,r :rvU
ences by her wonder':il acting thtn
any oir.r sc-en actor, will he seen
91 the ('Mitral theater to'iuv in 'The
Amazons." a iremetidous Kromlway
sui coss. by the famous dramatist. Sir
Arthur Wir.g Pincro.
In this picture Aiiss Clarke !ays 'he
part of si tomlioy, l'ring the dniigl'ter
of the Marchioness of Castlejuniar..
who is luouph! up as a s.n. H; f v.c'.
iiiS in Itii picture IiopI'ts cn he mar
v:!n,is and these who see the film will
witness iinw .'.lirgnerit ., a prettier,
sweeter ami daintier Marguerite Cl.irl:
if it is possible in a stcry that
se vus iust Tii'id-i to display tit r 'n..'u;
in chain, ami fcveat tnl'-at.
l.ificr t!ie Vardest kind o
j Tucson did tilings up r'r. and eave 1
, the visiting players a banquet.
The players v.ho accompanied I'hys- :
leal Instructor James W. Morley to
Tiiison rnl copped t".e cup are io.
Colihe. captain; M. Krtl.'js. II. ().
Owen. M. liushneil. J. II. Itcrrv, and
!. 1,fiii-:.n.
iPl
M
Mi
t'.TITION CIRCULATED.
The f!i;io;is akins 'I'e board of
supervisor., to ur point Cirler-hiieriff
Cuy Welch as sheriff ' f -1 1 oat the
em. ypir"d term of Sheriff Harry
Wheeler ar- bei?ig circulated i.i the
district at the present time. ,Tiie liiw
quire tjuit. a certain i-r en . of
iiHines be presented cn tiie petitions.
It is not xpocied (hat there will he
any other petitions presented as it
was understood that w'en V.'h.'eler
left that Welch was to Le appoiiucl
to fiil our the f rtn. T':ere h.-'-t hceii
no rtfiiK.tl on the. part, of any one to
sign the petition.
;uue linn n
ture patriotic j f
snian for the I
1 our general ! 1
to finish to- i
Four Teterans of th Civil War two former weSrers of the blue iwid two
ex-confederates, and a young soldier in khnkl constitute the featu
attraction whicn opens the Chautauqua this year.
"We don't read any music," says Col. John A. Tattee, spokesman
Old Soldier Fiddlers "we simply saw away at the old tunes and
average isn't very bad. We start in together and we iiiiinnge
tether, which is pretty good for old fellows like tis." We favor the old tunes,
the ones that folks hummed and whistled before and during the Civil War."
The four old soldiers saw active service, and three of them w ere wounded
during the war. The youngest of the veterans is 73 and the oldest over SO
years young. The Chautauqua committee and Ellison-White management
invite all G. K.JL veterans, their wives and widows to attend this program
free of charge.
!NTER-CiTY VOLLEY
KALL CHAMPIONSHIP
ANNEXED BY EiSSEE slightly injured.
1 Carl .-n.ith was slightly
The liisbee Y. M. C. A. volley ua.l
team defeated Tin-son and Miuni in
,! fnier-cily n. arches at Tucson Sat-
It Soothes and Relieves Like a
Mustard Plaster Without
the Earn or Sting -
Musterole is a clean, white ointment,
made with the oil of mustard. ' It does ail
the work of the old-fashioned mustard
plaster does it better and does not blis
ter. You do not have to bother with a
doth. You simply rub it on and usuai!y
the pain is gone !
Many doctors ar.d nurses us? Muster
ole and recommend it to their tatients.
They will gladly tell you what relief it
gives from sore throat, bronchitis, croup,
stiff neck, asthma, neuralgia, congestion,
pleurisy, rheumatism, lumbago, pairi3
and aches of the back; or joints, sprains,
sore muscles, bruises, chilblains, frosted
lett. colds of the chest (it olten pre
vents pneumonia).
30c and 60c jars; hospital size $330.
urdny afternoon and nWit, and won a
injured on i
Sunday by having a bonier fail on
his head while In the employ of the.
Copper Queeu company. Hi vvound
v.us dressed at the dispensary and he!
AMERICAN LEAGUE
REDS WIN IN NINTH
CINCINNATI, O., April 29. Cincin
nati won from St. Louis by a sharp
batting rally in the ninth. The vis
itors scored one in the second on
Hornsby's double and Smyth's single
and added two more in the fourtn on
hits by Baird. Hornsby, and' Smyth.
Meadows held the locals safe until
the sixth when hits by Groh and
Roush, S. Magee'g triple to right and
a single by Griffith gave them three
runs, tying the score. With one out
in the first half of the eighth, Neihoff
doubled to risht and Baird walked.
Regan was then relieved by Eller,
who passed Hornsby, filling the bases.
Cruise filed to Roush, who juggled the
ball, but caught it before it reached
the ground. Niehoff ran home from
third on the out, but was called out
. AMERICAN LEAGUE
W L
Boston 10
Chicago
Cleveland . . 6
New York 5
Washington
Detroit -
SL Louis 3
Philadelphia 3
Sunday's Games
, At St. Louis. 1; Chicago,
At Detorit, Cleveland, rain.
2
2
3
7
6
4
a
7
2.
Pst. j
.667'
.C67
EXH1BITION GAMES
At Indianapolis, 7; St. Paul, 11.
BLUES STOP JOPL1N !
KANSAS CITY, April 2!.
Score U. H. E. i
.417 Joplin, Western league 8 16 4..
.440 ; Kansas City. American Assn. .12 13 3
.333 : Mapl, McMillan, Brown and Collins, ;
.333 Agnew; Crutcher, Winters and L. A. j
.300 j Long. Onslow. i
MINNEAPOLIS WINS
' ST. JOSEPH, .Mo., April 29.
Score U. II. E.
YESTERDAY'S GAMES St. Joseph. Western league ..0 5 1
CICOTTE TO RESCUE ! Minneapolis. American 7 12 1
CLEVELAND. O.. April 29 Chicago! j Gasnar, Thicman and Bachant,
opened its series in Cleveland by hit-1 ciary. Williams, Shellenbach and
tine three Cleveland pucners nam. 'Gray
After Williams naa neid uieveianu
to three hits in six innings, he lost
ccntrol and passed the first three men
un in the seventh. Danforth relieved
him and passed Chapman. Speaker"
singled and Danforth gave way to
Cicotte, who allowed one more to score i
on a sacrifice fly. A double play by
Speaker was the feature. With Col
lins on second and Jackson on first.
COLLEGE BASEBALL
At Hanover. N.
2; Dartmouth, 0.
H. West Virginia,
TOPEKA DROPS THREE
Cnooboi 4 rornoH Co1;rha fl v n n
oy umpire o Day tor leaving mira i ,,, ,hc .llrhin. Benn.i
completing a double play. In the last
half of the ninth, Neale and Black
burne singled end Wingo was purpose
ly, passed, filling the bases. Chase
batted for Eller and forced Neale at
the plate, but Groh sent a long fly
to right on which Blackbume scored
the winning run. Score: '
R II E
St Louis 010 200 0003 8 1
Cincinnati. 000 003 0014 10 2
Medows and Gonzales; Regan, Eller
and Wingo
Other games, rain.
CADDOCK TO MEET POLE
(By Review Leased Wire)
CHICAGO, April 29. Sergeant Earl
Caddock of tlrs National Army, world's
heavy-weight wrectling champion, was
matched tonight to meet WladekZybs
zko, the Polish champion, in a finish
match to be decided here on May 8.
P
IAN
Are Going Fast
If you are after a real bargain examine every
piano for sale in Bisbee, then come here and I will
show you why no one has any chance when they
have to compete with real pianos. ,
You Save
$50 to $100
And PAY NO INTEREST
There ia not now or ever was a line as strong as
I am showing. I can chop the prices because they
are mine. My dray works every day.
(By Review Leased Wire)
TOPEh A, Kas., April 29. Three
nicnilm of the Toneka Western
forcing Jackson, thus repeating a play !eague cluu were reieased todav by
he worked on Detroit ten days ao. , owner Abbott. Hartman, outfielder
Chicago 020 211 0208 14 0
Cleveland 000 000 400 4 4 1
Williams, Danforth, Cicotte' and
SchrYk; Groom Coumbe,. Enzmann, . Rent t0 Tacoma
Wilkinson and ONeill. league
last year with the Denver club; Moss
man, a recruit catcher and Command,
a semi-pro from Grand Rapids, Mich.,
were the men let go. Hartman was
in the Northwest
i l
BROWNS ROMP HOME
ST. LOUIS, Jlo; lApril 29 Poor
pitching by Mitchell, Hall and Fin
neran enabled St. Louis to win from
Detroit. It was Mitchell's last game
with the Tigers. He leaves tonight
for Camp Pike. Little Rock, Ark., hav
ing been drafted. In the fifth and
eighth inning the locals batted around.
Score: R H E
Detroit ....120 000 000 3 S 1
SL Louis 200 050 14x 12 11 1
Mitchell, Hall, Finneran and Stan
age; Davenport and Nunamaker.
PLAN SUNDAY GAMES
Other games: rain.
SOUTHERN ASSN.
At Memphis, 0; Chattanooga, 7.
Other games, rain.
(By Review loused Wire)
NEW YORK. April 29. Regular !
I championship gamips of the National I
and American leagues will he played !
every Sunday hereafter at the former i
Newark Federal league grounds at
Harrison, N. J., it was announced to-1
day. A weekly game scheduled at the
Polo grounds. New York, or Ehhett's i
field. Brooklyn, will be transferred to !
the Harrison Park each Sunday.
President Tenr of the National
league admitted tonight that it was
necessary so that the major leagues
could gel back soine of the money
which they must pay for rental or the
park under the terms of the Federal
League peace agreement.
UIR
MAIN STREET
OLD PRESCRIPTION FOR
FOR WEAK KIDNEY
Have you ever stopped to reason
why it is that so many preducts that
are extensively advertised, all at once
drop out of sight and are soon for
gotten? The reason is plain the arti
cle did not fulfil the promises of the
manufacturer. This applies, more
particularly to a medicine. A medianal
preparation that has real curative
value almost sells itself, as like an
endless chain system the remedy Is
recommended by those who have been
benefited, to those who are in need of
iL
A prominent druggist says "Take
for example Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root,
a preparation I have sold for many
years end never hesitate to recom
merd, for in almost every case it
shows excellent results, as many of
my customers testify. No other kid
ney remedy that I know of has so
large a sale."
According to Bworn statements and
MRS. DE WEESE
GOULD NOT STAND
Because of Functional Disor
derCured by Lydia E.
Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound.
Oakland, Cal. "I suffered from Ir
regularities and congestion, so I could
not stand on my feet
for any Jong period
of time and did not
sleep welt The phy
sician who treated
me did not seem to
help me any and a
friend advised
Lydia E. Pinkham's
Vegetable Com
pound. I took it and
before I realized it
1 was well. 1 shall
recommend your
verified testimony of thousands who 1 1 valuable remedy to
have UFed the preparation, the success 'my friends." Mrs. L. H. De Weese,
or Dr. Kilmer s swamp-Koot is due to wb Alcatraz Ave., Uakiana, i,ak
the fact that so many people claim, it : Every woman at gome period or other
talMa almost every wish n overcom- jn her ife euen ft 8Uch dis
ing kiciney. liver and bladder ail- tnrhnrP . Hid Mm Weese. and if
meiiis. corrects urinary irouuies una i
neutralizes the nric acid which causes
rheumatism.
You tr.ay receive a sample bottle of
Swamp-Root by Parcels Post. Address
Dr. Kilmer & Co.. Binghamton. N. Y..
and enclose ten cents; also mention
the Pisbee Daily Aeview. Large and
medium size bottles for sale at all drug
stores. '
there is no interested friend to advise.
let this be a reminder that this famous
root and herb remedy has been over
coming these ailments of women for
more than 40 years.
If any complications exist, write
Lydia E. Pinkhain Medicine Co., Lynn,
Mass., for advice. The result of many
years experience is at your service.
Seven Days Filled With Inspiring Music
Splendid music of every kind in abundance from the stirring airs of Thav
iu's great Band to the witchery of soft Hawaiian melody.
Thaviu's Exposition Band and
Grand Opera Singers
One of our country's greatest Bands honored with opening and closing
the San Francisco Exposition. This great musical organization will give'
two concerts on the fifth day. Evening concert will -be supplemented by
three grand opera singers. Single admissions, afternoon, 83c, evening,
$1.10.
Old Soldier Fiddlers
Feature attraction for the opening r,ight. Four grand old veterans of the
Civil War in stirring program of instrumental music, camp-fire and war
time songs. This will be a rousing patriotic event don't miss it. Single
admission, 55c.
Royal Hawaiian Quintet
Five splendid singers and players from the Hawaiian Islands in two pro-
giams of pure Hawaiian music, reatunng Joseph Kercuxu, originator ot the
l) i ad
missions, attornoon, 53c; even-
steel method of guitar pbying.
ing, 83c.
Treble Clef Club
Four talented girls who sing unusually well. Presenting two programs of
solos, duets, quartets, scenes from operas in costume and humorous cos
tumed sketches. Features Jessie Rae Taylor, Chautauquas clever imper
personator. Single admissions, afternoon, 55c; evening, DDc.
Zedeler Symphonic Quintet
One of the big musical companies of the platform. Under the direction of
Nirnlai 7Wer of Stockholm. Sweden. These firve Vtists interpret the
, music of the masters for the masses,
evening, 83c.
Morrison-Smith Co.
Single admissions, afternoon, 55c;
One of the best musical duos on the Chautauqua platform. Mildred Morri
son, pianist, soprano and reader. Alice Genevieve Smith, harpist, formerly
with the Chicago Grand Opera Company and the Metropolitan of New
York. Single admissions, afternoon, 55c; evening, 55c.
Fenwick Newell Concert Co.
Headed by Fenwick Newell, American tenor. Two programs of unusual
merit. Lillian Shank, 'cellist; Mary Jane Grigsby. pianist. Single admis
sions, afternoon, 55c; evening, 55c.
Starting TONIGHT
APRIL 30 to MAY 6
Season ticket prices Adults, $2.75 Students, $1.65, Children's $1.10
A
4
I
Jv THE BI5BEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY MORNING, APRIL 30, 1918.
SEVEN
DAILY REVIEW WANT ADS
Advertisements undei this head at the rate of 1 cent per word each Issue, with a minimum charge of 25 cents
Advertisements must reach The Review office not later than S p. m. for insertion In next morning's paper.
. Male Help Wanted
WRITE TO "Y. M. C. A. Schools, Los
Angeles," about Auto, Radio, Com
mercial and Engineering courses.
Train for service. 268
"WANTED Boy for stock room. W.
F. Woolworth Co. 204
LEARN actual auto repairing, book
keeping, shorthand, radio engineer
rug. "i'oung Men's Christian Asso
ciation. Los Angeles. Catalog free.
230
female rieip Wanted
WANTED A waitress; must be first
Ciass, Coppsr Queen Hotel. 131
"7ED Girl for geenral house
.... .. phone 599. 164
Y.'a;:TED Experienced waitress;
turned woman preferred, box 161.
196
VANTEI-First class white :cook;
Bniall private family. Telephone 77.
134
WANTEi Woman dinner cook;
French kitchen. Brewery Gulch. 87
Positions Wanted
LADY WITH FIVE YEARS experience
in office work, desires position. R
B., Review. 293
For Sale
FOR SALE 5-room furnished house;
74-A Brewery Gulch. 135
FOR SALE Six hole steel range; just
like new; Mrs. J. D. Burleson, Frank-
liu house, Bakerville.
132
FOR SALE Six-room house in Co-j FOR RENT Two furnished house
cbise; small cash down; balance l'kei keeping rooms; call in morning, be-
rent. Box 1781, Bisbe.2. 151
FOR SALE Furniture of 14 rooms, i.
Boarding and , rooming house, 23 j
boarders, 'doing' good business, house i
for rem must be sold at once; part-1
ies going away. Apiily to M. C. High.
28
TYPEWRITER PAPER, good bond,
paper, 8.1-Zxll, at U.Ou per aou
sheets. Review Job Dept.
FOR SALE Uncalled lor suit?.
Levin Tailoring Co., Lowell.
M.
904 ,
FOR SALE Nice furniture of three-1
room apartment.
8.
Boston Apts., No.
"
RULED INDEX CAKLS 5x3 mcliei.,
for sale at Review Jod Department.
315
FOR SALE Furniture, 111 A Tomb
stone Canyon, phone Blue 849.
FOR SALE Furniture;
renting 5 room house
call, 783.
privilege of
in Warren ;
194
FOR SALE2-room house and lot;
furnished; terms, $550; cash, $500.
81-C. O. K. Street. 193
TYPEWRITER PAPER, good bond,
paper, 8 1-2x11, at $1.00 per 500
sheets. Review Job Dept.
FOR SALE New Sewing Machine and i
Victorolc in firss-class condition, i
Phone 748. 202 j
. FOR SALE 5-room house and furni- j
' ture. Tombstone Canyon; price,!
( $1200 J600 cash; bal., terms. Ap-
ply to M. C. High. 596
t'OR RENT New. modern house;
completely furnished; good location.
; Warren. Apply to M. C. High. 596 .
KOR SALE-Furniture, complete fori
i two-rooms.'tncluding bedding, dishes.!
and groceries, Cochise row. 271 !
FOR SALE Two choice lots, inquire
itKo. Valdsn, Don Luis. '
207
r
KOR SALE A new 5-room bungalow; I
I with latest built in; two open fire-
places; has a level lot with fruit ;
ftrees; garage; selling less than cost, j
n account of sickness. Call South 1
iBisbee Store. Z9Z
F(SR SALE A bicycle, cheap; in good
ivuiiuiuun ; appiy Laurie narris, un
Hlrophy Ave., or Box 1028. 102
FtiR SALE One four-cylinder Lfuite
lalc touring car; like flew; phone
T18; 1 ring, or inquire of L. Boots.
DonLuib 2?
ri '
FOR SALE 4-cylinder, 4-passenger
Cole automobile; in first class
j shape; price, $450.00; Slag Dump
Garage. 106
I'ETEY DINK Have Some
For Sale
FOR SALE 4-room, modern, fu.V
ished house, in Warr;u. For teuns.
call Greon 745.
:'OK TRADE Two good lots in El
! IV.eo for mining stock. What have
' you? Roy Benz, Bib bee. 733
j Furnished Rooms
! MOOSE HOTEL Furnished
$2.00 per week and up.
rooms
377
FOR RENT Three furnished rooms,
John Garrity, Jones Hill. 294
FOR RENT Delifhtful front room,
j furnished, prefer lady or gentleman
I on day shift. 128 Quarry Canyon.
I 181
FuR RENT Three furnished rooms;
I apply Dan Gerrity, Jones Hill. 24
FOR RENT Furnished room, $1.50
per week and up, 69 Brewery Gulch.
90
RULED INDEX CaRDS 5x3 lnche.
for sale at Review Jab Department.
, 315
FOR RENT Two furnished light
housekeeping rooms 163 Opera Drive
' 888
FrRent
FOR RENT Two nice, clean house
keeping rooms, $20; with lights and
water included ; Warren Hill, up city
steps, across from Lincoln school;
Brown house. O. Mathews. 597
FOR RENT 4-room furnished house,
j inquire Victor Rooms, Brewrey
Julch.
1 fore 11:30 a. m., or evenings after 5
p. m.. No. 10 Quality Hill.
203
FOR RENT Two housekeeping rooms
for $18, light and water furnished.
16 School Hill, Third house from
Brophy. 167
IFOR RENT Housekeeping room Lack
of Henderson Lumber Yard. 16
Walsh avenue. 190
FOR RENT May 1, 5-room house;
partly furnished; no children; com
bination kitchen; cold storage; bath,
gas and water; screen porch; 169
Art Hill, Tombstone Canyon. 200
,FOR RENT Apartment, lights, water.
paid; call cement block house, back
of lumber yafd. . 198
FOR RENT Two furnished rooms,
with bath, for housekeeping, free
water. E. G. Limprecht, Tombstone
Canyon.bet ween Mason and Lock
lin car stops. 197
FOR RENT 3-rooin house in Don
Luis; inquire of Mrs. Fred Sweeney,
11 Montana St., Johnson Add. 201
FOi; RENT 2 furnished rooms; water
and lights furnished; also for sale,
3-iooins with large porch, Winwood
Aduition. A. Hamrick. 923
FOR RENT Two story building, with
larce basement, suitable tor whole
sale house or btorage and warehouse
business. In center of Bisbee busi
ness district. Rent reasonable. Ap
ply fcisbee Daily Review. 542
FOR RENT 6-room modern house;
unfurnished; on Vista, in Warren.
Mrs. Baler. 269
FOR RENT For the summer; nicely
furnished bungalow, including piano,
5 rooms and bath, in Warren. For
panic liars, phone 331. 77
IFOR RENT Five room furnished
j house; near C. & A. office. Warren;
! Phor.e Warren office, 465. 15
FOR RENT 4-room house, unfurn
ished, with bath, large yard. No. 2
Bauer Hill, Lowell. 98
pq
RENT-
-5-room house, 83 Upper
964
Lom ell.
FOR RENT Front room with three
wiuuows and closet. Breakfast Sun
day mornings, 99 Mason Hill, near
cji- stop. 963
FOR RENT Two furnished house
keeping rooms, in Warren, phone
237. 48
FOR RENT OR FOR SALE 4-room,
new cement house, Spring canyon.
A. Lopez. 107
Nice Large Apples by June
For Rent
FOR RENT Three room furnished
apartment. Bernard Flats. Apply
Hogan and Seed. 103
FOR RENT Two housekeeping
rooms. 71 Upper Lowell. 182
FOR RENT Two furnished rooms for
light housekeeping; lights, water
and gas; 120 Upper Lowell. 2ot
FOR RENT Two housekeeping rooms i
49 O K. street. 749 J
FOR RENT Two nicely furnished
housekeeping rooms, 14 Jiggrvilie.
Wanted
WANTED Four or five room hous'e;
furnisheu or unfurnished, with gar
age. Fox 1946, Blsbee. 169
WANTED To buy six laying trns;
leghorns preferred; E. E. S., care
Review. 273
WANTED Miners with personal ac
quaintance throughout Warren Dis
trict; can more than double present
earnings, without interference witn
regular work. Answer with address
to box 2331. 156
WANTED To sell boarding and room
ing house, on account of sickness
R.. Review. 11
. Personal
HAVE YOU used your homestead
right, if not, I can get you land worth
several thousand dollars, J. E. Mart
in, box 2543, Bisbee, Ariz. 106
Miscellaneous
IF YOU INTEND TO BUILD or alter
am your home it will pay you to see
(us C. Ilendrick, Box 3S23 Lowell.
898
Money to Loan
$50,000 TO LOAN an improved city
property or for building, o:i easy
terms of payment. T. A. Hughes,
over Bank of Bisbee. 2s5
SMALL quick loans on your personal
note to salaried men and women, al
fo on furniture. Cox Loan Co. Room
2, Lyric Theatre building. 166
Lost
LOST Gold ring with Masonic emb
fc?m, in front of my garage on Claw
son Hill. Finder please leave same
at C. 6 A. Dispensary and receive
reward. N. C. Bledsoe. 270
LOST Large brown tnvelope, con
taining a number of letters. Return
to Review. Reward. 1S6
LOST In Warren, map of Copper
Butte claims. Return to Sasse
Candy store. 192
Professional Cards
MADAME J. REA KEYS, St. Regis ho
tel. Lowell, Ariz. Phone 62. Clair
voyant and crystal reader. Dead
trance spirit medium born with a
double veil, without asking questions
gives you dates, tacts and figures
a'irt will read your entire life. 720
Fl
Get Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets
That Is the ioyful cry of thousands
since Dr. Edwards produced Olive Tablets,
the substitute for calomel.
Dr. Edwards, a practicing physician for
17 years and calomel's old-time enemy,
discovered the formula for Olive Tablets
while treating patients fcr chronic con
stipation and torpid livers.
Dr. Edwards Olive Tabteta do not
contain calomel, but a healing, soothir.g
vegetable laxative.
No griping is the "kaynote" of these
little Gusar-co:ted, olive-colored tablcti
They cause tha bowels and liver to act
corn) ally. They never force them to
urmatursl action.
If you hc72 a "daric brown mouth" r.ow
ar.d then a bzd breath a dull, tired
fccliij ;:ck hcodichc torpid livtr a.-.d
era cor'-ip-cd, you'll fed quick, euro s-. 1
cr.l7 plc3ar.t L"r;i:li3 from on? rrr Ivri ii
rr.EdrrsrOirro Tcihto ct bit!no.
.Thc:ar.d3 ;o ct-. cr It--; ctc e!-'-:
C'-t ii krf- 'i -3
A UA 5owteT2oOV
tSE IS 6ETTIUC THE
&AR3eu "Cor "THE More.
TPe me-rrie-vTLiis Near.
Vm'LC WEED AU.TVIE.
Food vat cavj crow
QUICK REUEF
i '
'5
mm.
ii
V
3
fay
BOOTLEGGERS WILL DE
TRIED UNDER NEW
SECTION STATUTES
County Attorney Rcss Will
Prosecute Under 1317
. Statutes Which Allows
Them to Be Worked on
Roads.
TOMBSTONE. April 29. Upon the
completion of setting the criminal
talcndar ti.is morning. County Attor
ney Jn!:n F. Ross served notice in
open court that in all bootlegging
i:ises ii',w pending and those coming
up Imrcufte:, h would Insist on them
lein tri?'V under chapter 63, session
iaw 1917 of Arizona, which is a prohi
biten acl passed by tl'.e last legisla
ture, .-.-arrying the same penalties and
rrartii ally ti e s.iuie provisions as the
constitutional amendment.
Mr. Ross's purpose in insisting that
all bcottessers be tried under this
statute Is, as he contends, that they
ran be sentenced to work oil the road
for the full time of their term.
Sonetime ago Judsre Lockwood
ruled that persons convicted under the
prohibition amendment to the consti
tution could not be compelled to work
on the roads, and if they worked it
would be with their consent, and it
wes then arranged with the sheriff's
.office, as an inducement, to allow
those sentenced, four days 'for one.
Most of them consented to work and
this arrangemc nt was followed until
the committee irom Douglas raised an
objection, and there being no law Cor
riving extra time for work, Jud;e
Ijockwood discontinued the four .iayi
for one. plan, and sentenced all boot
leggers to full time in the county jail.
Thus the county was being put to
heavy expense and getting no bene
fits from this class of cases.
The question will be thrashed out
in court on the 14th of May when liu
first bootlegging case will be called to
trial. If the county attorney succeeds
in his undertaking in this matter, it
will bo a great victory for the tax
payers cf Cochise county.
SERUM INJECTIONS KILL
Francis Farmington. M. D., states, in
Health Culture: "I have frequently
drawn attention to th-s horrors that en
sue from the use of salversan (606) in
the treatment of blood poison." Ex
perts like Major H. C. French, of. the
Royal Army Medical Corps, Dr. C. F.
Marshall, and'Ur. J. Eamst Lane, Eng
land, and Dr. Gaucher, France, insist
that the ust of salversan involves risk
of life. Dr. Gaucher, reported that
tjiree days after injecticon patient had
slight headache; fourth day unconsci
ous win! convulsive movemonts and
revsr, 105 degrees F., deafh ensued.
(From London Lancet.) If you value
your life, do not submit to injections
of arsenic for blood poison when you
can get a safe remedy like Number 40
For The Blood, the ingredients of
which are set down in the U. S. Dis
pensatory and other medical books as
follows: "Employed in diseases of the
glandular system, in blood poison, mer
curial and lead poisoning. In chronic
rheumatism. catarrh, constipation,
stomach and liver troubles. Under its
use nodes, tumors, scrofulous swell
ings, sores, ulcers, copper colored spots
and diseases of the blcod that have
withstood all other treatment disap
pear as if by magic," Made by J. C.
Memlenhall, Evansville, iDd., 40 years
a druggit.
Sold exclusively in Bisbee, at Cen
tral Pharmack, opposite Orphouiii; in
Lowell, by Lowvll Drug lo.; in War
ren, by Warron- Drug Co.; in Douglas,
by Owl Drug Co. Adv.
Legal Notices.
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR U.
S. PATENT
I
Mineral Survey No. 3383.
U. S. Land Office, rhocnii, Ariz.,
.March 5, 191S.
NOTIC E IS HEREBY GIVEN that
the Eisbec-Warreu Copper Company,
a corporation organized and existing
under the laws of the state of Arizona,
with its piincipal office nt the city of
Bisbee, by Its president and secretary,
thufunto duly authorized by resolu
tioi. ot its Board of Directors, has
tiiiulo application for a pjitent for the
Wildflower lode mining claim, situat
ed in Warren Mining District. Cochise
County, State of Arizona, in Section IS
t j
I i AnnniC "TO J I lVa rm , rTvy ' I ( Ttva &.-r.-er PIauiTS? ! ( Acac - I
I IT-IE carucm j Aktd Do mv 1MT V(Th '5 I TReES.' J
v, . . j y a 'SARoew this 1) y y
T;-v nshlp 23, South. Ranse 215 East,
O. & S. IL 11. &. M.. which claim is de
scribed as follows, to-wit.
Beginning at cor. No. 1, the W. U
Cor. of Sec. IS, T. 23 S.. R. 25 K.. G. ic
S. It. B.& M., bra. N. SS' 15' W. 1651
ft., thence S. Si" 55' E. 413.5 feet lo
Cor No. 2. thence N. 2 24' E. 102.3
feet to Cor. No. J, thence S. 73 49' E.
Miki.O feet to Cor. No. 4. the N. E. Cor.,
thence S. 2 24' W. 600 feet to Cor.
No. 5. the S. E. Cor., thence N. 73 49'
W. 1456.5 feet to Cor. No. 6. the S. W.
Cor., thence N. 2" 24' E. 378.8 feet to
Cor. No. 1, the place of the beginning,
curtaining net area of 17.S39 acres.
The location notice of this claim Is
recorded in the County Recorder's of
fice. Cochise County, State of Arizona,
as follows: Book 57 Record ot .Mines,
at page 431.
The names of the adjoiuing claims
are- North $ur. No. 2424. Deita lode,
Sur. No. 2062, Golden Era, No. 1 lode.
Eat Sur. No. 20(12, Little Era lode.
American lode, unsurveyed, owned by
John Fitzpatrick. South, Anvil lode,
unsurveyed, owned by John Filzpat-r'c-k.
West, Oolcunua lode, Sur. No.
339C.
J. L. IRVIN, Register.
First Publication March 8, 3918.
Last Publication May 17, 1911
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department ot the Interior.
U. S. Land Oitice at Phoenix. Ariz.,
March 23. 1918.
NOTICE is hereby given that John
H. StoUa, of Hereford, Arizona, who,
on April 17, 193, made Homestead
Entry, No. 0224, for SE',i, Section
15, Township 22-S, Range 21-E, G. i
S. R. B. Meridian, has filed notice ot
intention to make three-year Proof, to
establish claim to the land above do
scribed, before Jarcd D. Taylor, United
States commissioner, at Bisbee, Ari
zona, "ju the first day of May, 1918!
claimant names as witnesses: Gil
bert J. Perry, William A. Lyth, Co'
umbus T. Stoltz, all 3, of Hereford,
Arizona; Ira E. Lootuis, of Lewis
Springs, Arizona.
JOHN L. IRVIN.
Register.
First pufilicati'jn, March 30, 1918.
Last publication. May i, 1918.
NOTICE OF THE APPLICATION OF
THh BISBEE-WARhEN COPPER
COMPANY FOR A UNITED STATES
I Mineral Survey No. 330
PATENT
U. S. Land Offco, PnocuU', March 4,
iais.
Notice is hereby given that the Bis-bee-
arren Copper compuay, a cor
poration organuud and existing under
the laws ot the totals of Anzoua, with
: us principal oti.ee at ilia city oi Bis
Le:. oy us president and tsecretary,
taeieunto duiy uumorizeu by resolu
tion oi its board of uneciors, has made
apiiiicaiiua lor patent tor tne Ioi;ow-
'jng uamsd lodd aiming claim, beanug
copper, go.d and silver, situated in the
V uiren Aiming uisirict of Cocnue
County, State oi Arizona, approxi
m;.ltly in Section Is, Township 23
Suulu, Kaiio -i E., and Section la,
lownaliip South, Range 24 East
(unapproved) uuscrioed as follows:
CiOiaJUXDA '"iiegiuning at Cor. No.
1. mo .. W. Cor., n-neuce yie W. U
cor. of Sec. 1, T. 23 S., K. 24 E., (i. Ac
S. U. Li. & M., brs. N. hi" 65' V. li7.!
teet, thence b. Si" 65' E. 141)4.20 teet
to Cor. No. -2, ma N. E. Cor, thence
S. Z" 24' W. buu teet to Cor. No. 3, tne
S. E. Cor., tnence N. Ss 56' W. 144.20
1 icet to Cor. No. 4, tne S. W. Cor.,
thonce X. 2" 24' E. 6ui) feet to Cor. No.
1, tne place of the beginning, contain
ing a net area ot 20.5 ii acres."
liULD OVEit "beginning at Cor.
No. 1, tne N. W. Cor. whence the W. U
Coi.. of Section IS, T. 23 S., li. 25 E.,
U. Ac S. ii. ll. 4i M. brs. N. 11 56' W.
bo?. 4 leet, tucuce S. as 55' iu. 14U4.20
teet lo cor. io. 2, tue N. K Cor.,
ini-uce S. 2' 24' V. tiOO ieet to Cor.
:.f 3, tho S. E. Cor., thtnee N. tss" 56'
W. 14K4.20 teet to Cor. iw. 4, the S. W.
,Cor., thence X. 2" 2-' E. b'JO Ieet to
' Cor. Xo. 1,' the place of the beginning
'co.iiainiug a m;i aiea of 20.570 cres."
ilOKSE SHOE "Beginning at Cor.
'. N' 1, the S. VV. Cor., whence the Cor.
' tor iha S. W. Cor. of Sec. is and the
X. V. Cor. cf Soc. la T. 23 S., R. lb E.,
;U. it S. R. li. 4i M. brs., S. S 25' V.
S3j.2 Icei, thence X. 2' 24' E., 600 feel,
to Cor. Xo. 2, tuci X. W. Cor., thence
S si" 55' E. i4'J4.20 feet to Cor. Xo. 3,
; the X. E. Cor., thence S. 2 24' W.
j 41M.5C feet to Cor. Xo. 4, tho S. E. Cor.,
, ti.c.nce S. SJ" u.' W. 16oo.30 leet to
jCci. No. 1, the place ot tho beginning,
'containing a net treu of ls.767 ucres."
j APEX "Beginning at Cor. No. 1,
j the S. W. Cor., whence the Cor. for the
I S W. Cor., of Sec. IS and the X. W.
Cor. of Sec. 13, T. 23 S., It 25 E., G. &
S. R. B. & M. bis. S. 19' 20' E. 870.9
ipmT thcnr-R rc 12 27' V. :i"7 4ft fnot
! to Cor. Xo. 2, tho X. W. Cor., thence
S. S7 IS' E. 10HS.C0 feot to Cor. Xo.
3, tl:o X. E. Cor., thence S. 12s 27' W.
400.70 feet to Cor. Xo. 4, the S. E. Cor.,
thtnee X. SP 32' W. 1407.i)0 feet to
Ccr. Xo. 1, the place -f the beginning,
containing a net area of 5.27.1 acres
eipressly excluding area In conflict
with Horse Shoe lodo of this survey
cf G.3u4 acres and with Sunshine lode
of this purvey of 0.7S4 ceres."
bUNSHIXE 'T.cginn.ng at Cor. Xo. !
LODGE NOTICES
Cards of every fraternal order in the Warren District; giving the essential
facts of eacJ;, their meeting nights,- tlmr officers and the plate of gather
ing will be found under their respective headings in these columts.
BISBEE LODGE. NO. 718.
1
Moot, amr Frldav niehL Moose Hall:
Visiting orothera cordially invited,
V. R TONKIN, Dictator.
KAY ROSS, Secretary:
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA.
DKEADNAUGHT.
l O. L. NO. 210.
meets in L O.
O. F. Hall first
and third
MONDAY at
7:30 p. m.
Visiting broth
ers cordially
invited to at
tend. Win.
T. SMITHAN, W. M.
ROBERT FERGUS, Secretary
P. O. Box 426, Bisbee.
BROTHERHOOD OF AMERICAN
YEOMAN
Richard I, Homestead S95, meets
second and fourth Tuesday at Odd
i Fellows' ball. VislUcg Archers are
cordially invited.
MP.3. C C. FiNLAYSON, Foreman
P. C. Box. 1526.
E. D. STINSON, Correspondent.
Box 1413.
i WOODMEN OF THE WORLD.
! vVk. Lowell Camp Xo. 46 will
meet every Wednesday
at 7:30, Brophy Nail.
II. C. LAXDAU. C. C
O. 11. THOMAS, Cler.
Ail Woodmen invited.
PYTHIAN SISTERS
Lily Temple Xo. 3 meets every 2nd
and 4th Thursday evening ot each
month at Odd Fellows HalL Visiting
sisters are cordially invited.
MIXXIE BLUM, M. E. C.
Phone Black 851.
IDA GLAZE, M. of R. C.
Bex 1475
i, mti .. L.. wOr.. wiieiice tua W.
. cor. of Sec. is 1". 23 S., K. 26 E., U. 4t
d. K. B. & M. brs. X. Si" 65' W. 167.!
leal, thence S. & IV U". 160j teet lo
icoi. Xo. z, ine S. K. cor., theuce i.
fib- 17' W. bus.2J teet to Cor. Xo. i,
tnn S. W. cor., thence X. 2i' E.
I Io'jI' ieet to ccr. Xo. 4, the X. V. Cor.,
tnence X. bb' ll' E. UuS.HU teet to Cor.
iXo. 1, the place of the beginning, con
I laia.ng a net area cf 2Xbou ucrcs."
A.CV HAX'lvS "Beginning at
Cor Xo. 1, the X. E. Cor., whunce tho
! W U Cor. oi Soc. 18, T. 23 S., K. 25 E.,
U. n S. K. U. i M. brs. X. 67" 26' E.
54 .4 feet, tuence S. f 24' W. 1500
feet to Cor. Xo. 2, the S. E. Cor.,
thence S. tii' 17' v. 6SS.20 feet to Cor.
Xo. , tno S. V. Cor., thence X. i" 24'
E loOO leet to Cor. Xo. 4, the X. V.
Cor., thence X. C6 17' E. 6bS.20 feet
to cor. Xo. 1, the place of the begin
ning, containing a i.et area of la.oiii
actus, expressly excluding area in con
tiic' wiiu Survty Xo. 214, lllnun IS
Mocie loda of iMoJ acres, and with
Suivey Xo. 3137 Jact l'ot Xo.' 2 lode
oi O.SjS utros."
The location uoticoa of these claims
are recorded in the county Kecorder's
ufiice, Cocliisa County, an follows:
Golconua Book 57, Kecord of Mines
Page 103.
Hold Ovcr-Book 3S, Record of
Mines, Pago 4G3.
Horse Shoe Book 30, Record of
Mines. Pago 33o.
Apex Book 57. Record ot Mines,
Tage 431.
Sunshine Bock 30, Record of Mines
PaEu 332.
Nancy Iljnks Book 30, Record of
Minos, Page 331.
The names of tho adjoining claims
arc: North Survey No. 33S0, Carbon
ate. Copper Wedge and Sulphid lodes,
Suivey No. 2425, Delta lode. East,
Survey No. 33i-i, W.ldt'lov.cr ,!cde. An
vil Forge and Copper Era lodes, unsur
veed, owned by John Fitzpatrick.
South, Copper Era lode, unsarveyed,
owiied by John Fitzpatrick. Survey
No. 2454 Vic Roy and William B.
M-.ore lodes. West Survey Xo. 3137,
Jack Pot Xo. 2 lode, Survey Xo. 33S9
Carbonate lode.
The official survry of said mining
claim being Mineral Survey No. 33'JO.
J. L. IRVIN. Register.
First Publication March S, VJIS.
Last Publication May 17, 191S.
.1
I
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED AMERI
CAN MECHANICS.
Meets in Medlgovlc
Hall every Tuesday
night. Visiting brothers
rajVfeTJ welcome.
j S. F. BENTON, Councillor.
J. L. BENTON, Recording Secretarj
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS.
Jf? Rathbone Lodge No. 10,
V V 4 Knights of Pythias.
meets each Thursday
x lexcepi second .) m uua
f Fellows' Hall at 7:30
p. m. Visiting brothers
cordially invited.
LEON H. RICE. C, C
f EARL SOBLEY. K. of R. S
FRATERNAL ORDER OF EAGLES.
Bisbee Aerie, No. 175, F. O. E meets
first and third TUESDAYS. S p. m.
Eagles HalL Visitors cordially wet
come.
J. F. WILMOTH, President.
F. C. FENDERSON, Secretary.
C. L. EDMONDSON, Aerie Physician
LODGE NO. 671.
Regular meeting first and third Fri
day of each month, visiting brother
cordially invited to attend. Box 1322."
JAS. A. ALLISON. Exalted Ruler.
R. J. KELLY, Secretary-
KNIGHTS AND LADIES OF SECURI
. TY, BISBEE COUNCIL NO. 2115. '
' Meets every second and fourth Sat
urdays in the month at I. O. O. F.
Hall. 730 p. in. Visiting members ar
cordially invited.
ARNOLD SCHMID, President,
P. O. Box 34S3, Lowell, Ari.
FREDERICK J. ATTAWAY,
Secretary, Lowell.
E. LIXDQUIST, Financial Secretary,
P. O. Box 3246, Lowell.
BISBEE LODGE, NO. 10, I. O. O. F
meets every
7'T
WEDNESDAY
evening at Odd
Fellows' HalL
Main street, at 7:3J o'clock. Vlsitlr,
brothers cordially invited to attend.
Ha'.l phone 119.
H. R. TAYLOR, X. G.
CARL V. NELSOX, Secretary.
ORDER OF EA3TERN STAR.
meets in Masonic Hal
Peail Chapter, Xo. 6, nieei
in Masonic Hall second ana
fourth Tuesday of eaf
munl-l at 7:0 p m
MRS. EMMA WOODS. W. M.
Phone 161, Box 43. Bisbee.
MRS. JESSIE BEVAX. Sec'y. P. O.
, Box 2299, Chairman Relief Com.,
Phona 161.
WEEK EXDIXG. MAY 4. 191S.
X? ,Mor.t:Ey 2nd Degree.
l uesaay
Wednesday
Thursday Blue T.cg.
vv. w. gidl::y. w. m.
3. T. WAT KINS, Sey. F. & A. M.
J. W. TO LAND. E. H. P.
C. F. PHILBROOK. T. L M.
F. E. BENNETT, E. C.
F. S. DAVENPORT, Secretary Chap
ter and Commandery.
W. R. BANKS, Secretary CouncU.
T. F. B.
FRATERNAL
BROTHERHOOD
sbee Lodge No.
? 452 meets the 1st
and 3rd Mondays
each month at
:st ac .vieaigt
vich Hall. Vlsit-
iDg members cordially invited.
B. F. MOSS. President
MRS. C. E. FIXOTTI, Treasurer.
Box 722. Tel. 236. Red.
HOXORA MUNCH, Secretary.
Box 1621.
MOuERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA.
Bisbee Camp No. 13415.
X3.t', Merts first Tuesday at
Vr- Odd Fellows' HalL
xr r r Til l.-TL-crV
Clerk.
Bj C A. VOIGHT
terFnj of w EIGHT
THE BISEEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY MORNING, APRIL 30, 1918.
ft
m
V.
-a iu ii i hum ! i i ii i inf,nim,ni.ii..l.,m . h
ii m-
L? j&r-lrt-k fclltiAT &ftfCm vJ
F- Mto vVJ kv t:-1
J .iff V0 iinimi.trmiaujgefur ' 1
Bf&mM him n iv- ftti M .
va xiffffii? m
: : m
I ViePholophv that made II
I iiylir Cheer like mad
; : ri
1 IS raIKS i
1 Oroheom Theatre i
irii 1 L I 1 J
Ij Five Days, Commencing May 4th i: I
Hj CONTINUOUS DAILY 'j
iOSPHEUM TlEATie!
TODAY i
TODAY
CONTHnUOUS FROM 1 TO 11
THE METRO PICTURES CORPORATION PRESENTS
Effie Skassnon'and Niles
1 IN
6 6
Welsh
1ER
BOY"
The devotion of America's manhood is'told in this six-act Metro wonderplay with
all .the camp scenes taken in Camp Joseph Johnson, Florida.
ALSO THE SIXTH EPISODE OF "" ',
"The Retreat of the Germans at the Battle of Arras"
ADMISSION 5 AND 10 CTS.
I LADIES' LEAGUE.
I Pi-psbyteriuii Lai'ics' .' will
iniPct at tho homo nf Miii. K. S. !Ion:.'r,
Wednesday aftrn(inn .-ai!ie
iihxk as Aitlmr Xntmnii's rt;l'iice In
Warren.
I
FUNERAL HELD. j
The fcnurnl services over tho r 1
mains of tho, late Ilonr Olin wore
hold yesterday aftornoiii tr.ini the Pal-!
are rnd.riakinc; Parlors mid ii'tei !iK.nt .
was had at the EverB:'vu c-?i.io!-.;.
FOR MONTANA
Phil Tutavoc and Tony Silov loft
last evening on the Golden State Lim
ited for San Conloe, Montana, whore
they expect t oreinain for sometime.
They have been working in the local
mines.
JOINFn TUP NAW
I H. K. Mills left last evening for Rl
Paso where he will undergo further
examination frr entrance into the lT.
S. Navy. Ho passed fie locul oxam-
tiat i-.ii luro yesterdav under the ro
eruiiiiiK officer, John Saladino.
DIES OF CANCER
Hrinida Hatuirez. a Mexican woman
need Sj. died last night from tho ef-
' for ts of rancor. Tile body is now at
the HennesBpy Undertaking Parlors.
Funeral services will be held this af
ternoon from the residence in Du
backrr canyon.
Today and Wednesday CONTINUOUS 1 TO 11 Tc!ay and Wednesday
WM. FOX PRESENTS
JEWEL CARMEN
IN
"The Kingdom of Love"
The Big New York Stage Success
The story of the strange anJ wonderful career and experience cf a wcm:n
early life was taken to the Klondike.
The play is full of tnrilling circumstance and display of human emotion.
IT'S A FOX AND MUST BE GOOD
:c in
ADMISSION MATINEE, 15c
THROUGH WITH DESERTER.
Oforfte Pravin, the only chief ot
police of Tombstone, was in the city
yesterday on his wav to Douglas, with
deserter from the regular army,
w)iora he turned over to the military
authorities there. Gorne will return
to the county seat today.
jfCENTR
I
NIGHT, CHILDREN, 15c; ADULTS, 25c
UNDELIVERED TELSGrtAK.".
Tire fi.'.io'.vlng umleliverr.il telegrams
rre at the Western L'mon office lor
want of better addresses:
Adaei Cuda. Mrs. C. .V. Ilamsey.
Mrs. Flossie Henrie, C. A. fjibbs, :ail
Sigler. II. U. nergner. E. A. Waster,
If. F. Ston-T.
BOUGHT CATTLE.
S. C. Ilaker was in The city yester
day from (.'alaifitria, Cnl., bringing
two cars cf beef rattle for the markets
of the.E. A. Tovrea company. The
cattle were" in first class condition.
Ho returned home on the Golden State
Limited last night.
IS IN CHICAGO.
United States Commissioner J. D.
Taylor has been called to Chicago on
business and expects to be gone for
several weeks. The business of the
commissioner will now be haivlled by
Justice of the Peace M. C High, the
law making that provision.
WILL BE SHIPPED.
The remains of tin late Jesse J.
Hooper, who died several .lays ago at
the C. & A. hospital, will be shipped
j this evening to Megm, Oklahoma.
where burial w ill be had. The remains
have been at the Palace Undertaking
Parlors since death occurred.
HAVE ENLISTED.
J. C. Dusgeatt and Uobevt Morrow
have joined the United State3 engi
neers, tbVough Sergeant Miuphy, nnj
have left for San Francisco, wlrra
they will report for dut. They hae
been residents of the district but a
short time, having moved over here
from Tombstone.
FOR WASHINGTON.
Major F. E. Shine of tne ipver
Queen ?.'r-dical staff hn Vrn called
to Washington on ma.ara connected
with the state draft exaninutions if
which his is in charge, tie will l:a"e
on this l.-ornir.g's Golden State Lim't
!. He expects to be ,'one ?or a num
ber of w eeks.
JOINS TANK SERVICE.
John Reno, e. stepson of Senator
Henry K. Ashurst. of Arizona, has en
listed Mn the tank service ofv the
Tni;ed states, ar.d will be statimed
at Gettysburg, Pa., according to a spe
cial dispatch to The Jteview from
Washington last evening. Youny Keno
is well known in this state.
ALTHEAT
TODAY ONLY
COMMENCING 6:30
TODAY ONLY
ARTCRAFT PRESENTS
MARGUERITE
CLARK
IN 1
66
THE AMAZONS
99
A tremendous Broadway success by the famous dramatist, Sir Arthur Pinero.
In this production you will see a new .Marguerite, a prettier, sweeter and daintier
Marguerite, in a story that seems just made to display her engaging charm and jreat
talent
ADMISSION-CHILDREN, 15c
ADULTS, 25c
over the mountains and m'.oade.l and
back to the camp and th third day
back to Fairbank. He notices quite
a difference in Bisbee at the present
time and in the olden Jays.
DOING NICELY.
Advices received here last evening
cancernirg the condition of Hooert
Kae, of the Phelps Dodge corporation.
wer-3 to the effect that he was do,nr
nicely in the hospital at El Pa-v. i :.'r.
Kae was on his wcy to EI Pksc laet
Friday evening and was stricken wh !e
on the way with a sudden Htta k or
appendicitis and upon arrvtl of the
train at that place, he was immedi
ately taken to the hospital and an
operation performed. .. HK ii:any
friends !n this district hone for his
early recovery.
FOR THE PEN.
Police Ofifcer Tex Baxton left yes
terday for Tombstone where he wont
to asisst Deputy Sheriff Harry Raf
ferty puard a number of prisoners
from the county jail to the state peni
tentiary at Florence. Among lite num
ber they tcok were KarJ Karkins, sent
im trr nticeinv hntriio chpoka Wm
I" I' " w .. . . . .. .
Kock, who was brpught down to tes-1
, tify against Dave Wiliams; Young,
LYRIG THEATRE
:TODAY:
BLUEBIRD PICTURES CO.
"The Wife He Bought"
Drama in Five Parts
THE PATRIOTIC SERIAL
"The Daughter of Uncle Sam"
EPISODE 7
WERE IN TOMBSTONE
Among the Warren district citizens
who were in Tombstone yesterday on
business Hfore the Superior court
were Jack Ryan, the motor deputy;
City Attorney Sam Kyle; Deputy
Sheriff William Brakfield. of Lowell;
Attorney S. K. Williams: John Wilson
Ross; City Police Judge Frank
Thomas.
o
rpheum Theatre
Two Nights Commencing Wednesday, May 1
The World's Greatest Fun Show!
A Big, Happy, Snappy Cartoon Musical Comedy
MORE TRICKS THAN A THREE-RING CIRCUS
Singing Dancing Laughs
Setting the Face for the Twenty-First Century
THE ORIGINAL
City Briefs
i Kas anyone visited you? Or
' have you entertained? If so. sail
j the Review after 6 p. m. and tell
j the Society Editor, Phone 38.
'tm
' FOR LOS ANGELES
H. White loft on the Golden State
Limited last evening for Ixs Angeles,
i where he will remain fur Heveral
i weeks.
1:
KATZENJAMMER
;FOR ST. PAUL
i A. R. Flink left yesterday morning
on the Golden State Limited for St.
Paul .where he will remain for the
summer months.
MAKE GETAWAY
, Local officers have been notified
to be on the lookout for eight youths
from the Industrial School at Fort
Grant, who made their escape a few
days ago. . Four of them were from
Cochise County and the others from
different sections of the county. Two
of the Cochise youths were from this
district and were sent up from here
within the last two months. The
nctl:e did not state how they made
their escape.
McDaniels. also from the institution.
who was a witness in the same case
and two other prisoners. He will re
turn fit a few days.
MUTT and JEFF in "THE BELL HOPS'1
ANIMATED WEEKLY
The News of the World in Motion Pictures
ROCK HITS MEXICAN
A Cornishman, who was blasting
cut rocks in Upper Tombstone canyon
for the purpose of erecting a house
jiesterday afternoon, put In a' large
blast with the result that rocks were
thrown in all directions forquite a
distance. One of the rocks dtruck a
Mexican who lived in that vicinity in
the head cutting a deep gash. He
was brought to the doctors who dress
ed his head. The Cornishman was
arrested for using powder without hav
ing a license. He 'will be given a
hearing tomorrow.
BASED ON
THE FAMOUS
FUNNY
CARTOONS
KIDS
HANS AND FRITZ
A SHOW FULL
OF
NOVELTY AND
SURPRISES
! HAS RESIGNED.
M. P. Sheriff, who has been acting
as traffic officer on the city plaza has
j tendered his resiRnation to City Mar
shal James Allison, to take effect on
May 1.
BACK TO ASYLUM.
Mrs. Elmer Crouch "was sent back
to the State Hospital for the insane at
Phcenix yesterday morning from
Tombstone. She was sent from this
city. She was an inmnte there about
five years aso and was released and
up until a few weeks ago seemed to
be doing nicely. Since that time she
i has become violent again and began
to tear up all her clothes and those ol
her children and it was feared that
she might do them some injury, so
she was recommitted.
! TAKEN TO TOMBSTONE
Willie Walker. J. Riddle and Bob
Hill were taken to Tombstone yester
day by Deputy Sheriff William Brak
field of Lowell, where they .will be
eid to await the action of the Supe
rior court on charges of selling Intox
IcatiOR liquors. Walker has already
served one sentence in the county
Jail for introducing intoxicating liquor
and Bob Hill for the- game. They were
arrested on bench warrents issued out
of the Superior ourt and on evidence
secured by operators who have been
working in the District for the past
few weeks. .'
ROYL THEATRE
TODAY CONTINUOUS 1 TO 10:30 TODAY
GEORGE KLINE Presents IRINE FENWICK in
"The. Sentimental Lady"
Special Feature in Five Parts by Owen Davis
Pathe Presents
LONESOME LUKE
in "LUKE'S IvlOVIE MUDDLE"
scenes along the baltic, sweden
Japan, the religious
pictures change daily
They All Say the Music at the Royal Is Good
- - COMING TOMORROW
"THE SCARLET. ROAD"
A Drama of Broadway and the White Lights
A Treat for Yourg and Cli, Big and Little
WITH A REAL FASHION PLATE CHORUS
Exqrv.s"e Gowns and Beautiful Girls
SEATS NOW ON SALE
PRICES 25, 50, 75, $1.00 PLUS WAR TAX
M
jFOR OAKLAND
Miss Mary Staley left last even
ing on the Golden State Limited for
Oakland. California, where she will
visit with relatives for the summer
months.
BENEFIT.
Mrs. L. Francis wishes to express
her thanks to the kind pe plo of His
bee who helped her In timv .f need
land to say that she api'teciiies it
thoroughly. t
ON' WA HOME.
J. H. McPherson, one of the pioneer
residents of Cochise county, was in the
city yesterday on a visit t3 relatives.
He was on his way home to Tomb
stone from Douglas, le e he had
been for p. few days. M. McPherson,
used to pilot a twenty mu'e team !rto
Bish'e in the early eighties over the
divide from Fairhnr.k, vhon all the
freight f the mines an I smelters of
the Warren District were brought in
that wny and nil the "npper bullion
hauled out . The teams cam fiom
Fairbank to the Jimmio Carr camp,
about fix miles over the divide the
first day, and the sec-nH day cur. c
Business Locals
I;
CHAUTAUQUA
Get your Chautauqua tickets today
and save the additional price. Adv.
NOTICE, FRATERNAL BROTHER
HOOD Aii members and visiting members
are requested to be present at a special
raseting. Tuesday, April 30th. Adv.
DANCE.
& A. Band Dance, Warren Park.
Wednesday and Saturday. AdmnriB
Ision f O cents. Ladies free. Adv. 740
Guarantee Taint Co., Phone 730.
! . Adv. 609
BASEBALL sao?.A. wAKKUN rAKlv
Junction-Briggs vs. CopperQueen
Admission 35c, Including War Tax
MATERNITY HOME.
Call Black 573 for terms, etc.
Advertisement 974
STRAWBERRY SHORT CA KE
fith whip cream. English Klti-hen.
Adv. 711
UNDER NEW MANAGEMENT
The Ozark boarding and rooming ;
house. 71 Brewery Gulch. Adv. 161 1
ROCKHILL'S STAGE
Bisbee-Tombetone, Leaves Bisbee
Bisbee Auto Co., 7 a. m., 1:30 p. m. 7
Phone Bisbee 6. Adv.
MADAM CAGNEY j
Lifts the dark vci. of the past, roads j
the destiny of the f -ture. Across from !
theatre, Lowell. Adv. 653 ;
Dr. Playfalr. Osteopath. Mason
Hill. Masoa car atop. Phonei Blue 647.
; Adv. 231
For noon day lunen. ;eo to the
Fn'f?h Kitchen and Tv Ane nf their
3.")C combinations; choice- of three
combination. ir. 317
Expert paper hanger and pain'er. C. I
J. Brandt. Phone 456. Box 130. 5S0
L. U Oilman sells the IS'ew Edison,
"the phonograph with a oul.w
I