OS
Twenty Pages
Three Sections
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 22, 1918.
VOL. 21, NO. 192.
nICE FIVE CENTS.
11
1
?'n -
PAVC Mil
i Aid Hlkn
HSUItn loft U
IS CONFERRED
ON PRESIDENT
AMID IMPRESSIVE SCENES MR.
WILSON RECEIVES FIRST HON
ORARY TITLE EVER GIVEN BY
UNIVERSITY OF PARIS, WORLD
FAMOUS INSTITUTION
AUTHORIZED BY DECREE
VICE RECTOR POINCARE, BROTH
ER OF FRENCH PRESIDENT,
PAYS GLOWING TRIBUTE TO
AMERICA'S PART IN WAR AND
WILSON FEELINGLY REPLIES
(By Review Leased Wire)
PARIS, Dec. 21. (Havas.) In the
great ampitheater of the University of
Paris (the Sorbonne) President Wil
son this afternoon received the de
gree of Doctor, Honoris Causa, con
ferred upon him in recognition of his
work as a jurist and historian. This
is the first time in the hstory of the
university that an honorary degree
has been bestowed, authorization for
its granting having been given by a
recent decree.
President Poincare, the presidents
of the senate and chamber of depu
ties, the diplomatic corps, members
of the government and the highest
civil and military authorities were
present at the ceremony.
Crowda Cheer Wilson.
Great crowds cheered the president
when he arrived at the university, ac
companied by Mrs. 'Wilson. IVil'iam
Craves Sharp, the American urobas
sador and Jeun Jules JuseranJ.
French ambassador to the United
States.
Alfred Crojset, dean of t!:e faculty
of letters, welcomed President Wilson
in a short address and presented to
klir the diploma of doctor as a testi
monial to his work as a historian.
Ferdinand Larnsaude, dean of the
faculty of law, then bestowed upon
the president the degree of doctor tor
liis works on jurisprudence and politi
cal science.
Poincare Pays Tribute.
Lucien Poincare, vice-rector df the
university and brother of the presi
dent of the republic, paid an eloquent
tribute to President .Wilson's ability
as a professor before he entered upon
his political career, and told of the
president's part in the war. In con
clusion, M. Poincare said:
"Glory to the American students!
Glory to the eminent professors
and their universities! Glory to
you, Mr. President, who are the
first amongst them. In the name
of the University of Paris I have
the honor to award the insignia
and diploma of doctor to one whom
(Continued on Page Four)
T
THIS COUNTRY
German Minister to Mexico,
Prominent in Anti-American
Intrigue Recalled by
Huns '
MEXICO CITY, Dec. 21 (Py the As
sociated Press). Heinrich von Eek
hardt, the German minister to Mexico
since 1915. and the diplomat who fig
ured in the Zimmerman disclosures
early in 1917. when the German gov
ernment made a futile attempt to line
Mexico up against the United States,
has been recalled by the present Ger
man government.
This was learned officially this
evening when the announcement was
made that Minister von Eckhardt had
notified the Mexicon government of
his recall. The diplomat expects to
make his farewell calls within a few
days and to leave for Germany by
way of the United States.
The notice of his recall was sent
ECKHARD
MAY
PASS
THROUGH
to von Eckhardt throur'i Ygnacio
Bonillas. the Mexican ambassador at
Washington, more than five weeks
(Continued from Page Two)
i ONLY PASSENGERS WITH PERMITS WILL
BE ALLOWED TO TRAVEL ON ROADS
IN SECTION OCCUPIED BY AMERICANS
ated Press), Beginning today, only passengers who are able to show per-
mils will be allowed to travel on the railroads in the American area of (
occupation. The turning over of G 'T.nn rtliing stock to the allies, in ac-
ecrduuce with the armistice terms, has caused a shortage, making it neces- J
sary to reduce passenger train service on various routes. In some districts
the car shortage amounted to .".0 pe: cent of normal.
mnr
lilUUItlL
PROGRAM FOR
Will Be Received at Dover by
Duke of Connaught and Ac
companied to London
King and Queen Will Receive
Presidential Party Immedi
ately After Arrival
LONDON, Dec. 21. (By the Associat
ed Press.) Following is the official
program in connection with the visit
of the president of the United States
to England:
"The presidential party will arrive
at Dover at 12:10 p. m. Thursday and
will be received by the Duke of Con
naught, representing the king; John
W. Davis, the American ambassador;
Lord Reading, British ambassador to
the United States, and Lord Herschell,
lord in waiting to the king, who will
be especially attached to the presi
dent during his visit.
"Commander Sir Charles Cust, equ
erry to the king, will meet the presi
dent at Calais and will be specially
attached to him.
"The party will arrive at Ctiaring
Cross station in London at 2:30 p. m.
and will be received by the king and
the queen and with the sovereigns
will drive to Buckingham palace. The
streets will be lined by troops, who
will be assisted by contingents from
the royal navy and the air forces.
Clubs and those occupying private
houses along the streets through
which the president will pass are
asked to co-operate in making the
decorations as effective as possible.
"On Thursday evening the president
and Mrs. Wilson will dine privately.
Friday morning and afternoon will be
reserved lor the president to meet the
British cabinet ministers. In the ev
ening the king will give a banquet at
Buckingham palace.
"On Saturday the president will pro
ceed to the city to receive an address
at Guild hall. On that evening a din
ner will be given by the government
at Lancaster house, at which the Brit
ish ministers will, be present. After
the dinner the president will leave
London for Carlisle, his mother's
birthplace, where he ill spend Sun
day. This visit will be without cere
monial. "From Carlisle the presidential
party will proceed to Manchester,
where the president will be the guest
of the lord mayor. Arrangements have
(Continued on Fairs Two)
AND KILLS MAN
OF GERMAN NAME
Oriental Alienist Gives Con
fused Statement as to His
Reason for Slaying of Dr.
Wolff BALTIMORE, Md.. Dec. 21. At the
Japanese embassy in Washington to
night, it was stated that counsel would
be retained to defend the case of Dr.
Nobura Ishlda, the Japan, the Japa
nese alienist, -who today shot and
killed Dr. George B. Wolff, at the
Sheppard and Enoch Pratt hospital
near here. It was also stated at the
embassy that Dr. Ishida, ranks among
the foremost alienists of Japan. A
representative of the embassy came to
Baltimore tonight to see the prisoner
and inquire into the circumstances of
the (-hooting.
When Dr. Edward Brush, superin
tendent of the hospital, heard the re
ports of the pistol, and with other
physicians, entered the office, he saw
the body of Dr. Wolff lying on the
floor, just beneath his desk, while
nniTiou imnni
DM I KM Hll
JAPANESE SHOOTS
Turin nrxmm
IIILIft UIIILIHL
PRESIDENT'S VISIT
MILO PIPER SUICIDES
BY HANGING HIMSELF
IN HIS PRISON CELL
(Fly Review Leased Wire).
MUSKEGON, Mich.. Dec. 21.
Milo H. Piper, charged with the
murder of Frieda Weichman of Chi
cago, committed suicide in his cell
in the county jail early tonight by
hanging. The body was discovered
by Attorney Charles B. Cross, who
had called to consult with him.
iit TO
NAMED
May Cross Channel in Ameri
can Battleship; Correspond
ents Will Go to Britain as
Government Guests
PARIS. Deo. 21. The president's
first week in France finds the prelimi
nary situation surrounding the peace
conference fairly well developed to
ward the point where, according to
the president's expressed view, it will
be worth while for the United States
to participate. The president's con
ference with French and Italian
statesmen have served to emphasize
that he considers a treaty of peace
not enough, but that the general
agreement to be made among the na
tions must include a satisfactory set
tlement of the question of the freedom
of the seas and a league of nations.
The president now goes to England
to .continue the discussions there
a)ong the same lines as those he had
with the representatives of France
and. Italy, which the president's ad
visers describe -j having been satis
factory. The definite announcement of Presi
dent Wilson's plans covering the per
iod from Christmas eve to New Year's
eve, including Christmas dinner with
the troops near Chaumont, the presi
dent's trip to England and meeting
with Premier Lloyd George aiid his
return to France on New Year's, has
served somewhat to clarify the pre
conference situation.
Continental Europe makes much of
the yuletide; so, in the absence of
President Wilson and others closely
identified with the war settlement,
and because of many holiday social
functions engaging the Americans, it
is not likely that there will be po
litical or peace developments of note.
The week will be devoted principally
to perfecting the machinery of the
conference.
The president will go to England, it
is announced, probably by the Bou
longe-Folkstone route. The desire Is to
have him cross on an American war
ship, so that the landing in England
will be distinctly American. Amer
ican naval vessel therefore will bi
given charge of the channel crossing.
! There are 18 American destroyers at
Brestand some of these hare been
ordered to proceed to Boulogne.
Crossing by a destroyer, however,
would depend on weather conditions;
destroyers are bad sea boats and it
the seas are rough, the president may
take a British warship.
The inclusion of a visit to Manches
ter makes an important change in the
'presidential program, as Manchester
! is an industrial center. There he
j would be brought into contact with
the labor classes.
Saturday was largely a day of con
! ferences, the only public function be
! ing the conferring of a doctor's de
: gree by the University of Paris in the
presence of a notable assembly,
j President Wilson saw the Italian
! premier and foreign minister thir
' morning and continued lengthily a dis
'cussion of Italian affairs. Colonel
1 House also had a number of confer
ences including long talks with the
! Spanish premier, Count Komnnones.
WILSON'S
PUN
FOR
HIS
England
DEMOBILIZING j
AT RATF OF I
inn iin i i ?
a a a a m vr a
j GENERAL MARCH ,SAYS GOVERN-'
M ENT HAS REACHED ITS GOAL
SET LESS THAN MONTH AGO I
FOR SENDING HOME MEN FROM j
CAMPS IN THIS COUNTRY
900,000 bUUIN ivLLLAbLL) i?
MAKES PUBLIC REPORT FROM
PERSHING SAYING MOST OF
OUR WAR PRISONERS HAVE
BEEN LIBERATED AND SEARCH
FOR OTHERS NOW UNDER WAY
(By Review Leased TVire)
WASHINGTON, Dec 21. De
mobilization of home military
force.-) at the rate of 30,000 a day,
the goal set less than a month ago
by the war department, has been
reached, if not exceeded. General
March, chief of staff, announced
today that demobilization at the
home camps during the seven
days period ending December 14
was at an average of 27,000 a day
although no men were discharged
from most of the camps on Sun
day. Total demobilisation on December
14 had reached 29.903 officers and
lb8.5G2 men. The chief of staff said
more than 900,000 men have been as
signed for eariy demobilization, includ
ing 21,000 divisional troops, 43,000 eng
ineers and 18.000 men of the military
aeronautics division.
General March made public a report
from General Pershing under dale of
December 15 saying at .that time a
totr.l of 3.210 Amerir-r 'officers and,
niCii. taketi prisoners iy the enemy,
had been released and that only a few
Americans in isolated camps remained
prisoner. Red Cross workers, allied
and neutral agents, the report said,
are searching for the few Americans
still held prisoner.
GEN. PERSHING AWARDS
GROSS TO GENERALS
OF ALLIED ARMIES
PURSUANT WITH PERMISSION OF
WAR DEPARTMENT PRESENTS
DISTINGUISHED SERVICE MED
AL TO MANY TROOP LEADERS
WHO AIDED AMERICANS
(By Review loosed Wire)
WASHING. Dec. 21. General
Pershing notified the war depart
ment today that under authority
granted him by the president he
"had awarded the Distinguished
Service Medal to the generals
commanding the various French,
British, Belgium and Italian arm
ies. In all, decorations were
awarded to 16 French generals,
seven British, two Belgian and
three Italian generals.
Granting of the awards was an
nounced in a communication from the
American expeditionary forces dated
yesterday. The statement follows:
"Pursuant to authority granted be
by cablegram I have awarded. In the
name of the president, the Distin
guished Service Medal to th( allied
officers for especially meritourous and
distinguished services rendered to the
American expeditionary forces and to
the cause in which we have been en
gaged :
"Frencn army Major General de
Castelnau, commanding the group of
the armies of the east; Major General
d'Espery, commander In chief of tne
allied armies of the orient; Major Gen
eral Fayol'e, commanding the armies
jf reserves; Major General Maistre,
.-ommanding the armies of the center;
Major General Debeny, commanding
the first army; Major General Hirsch
auer, (ommanding the second army;
Major General Gouraud. fourth army;
Major General Degoutte, commanding
the group of the armies of Flanders;
Major General de Boissoudy. com
manding the French army of Belgium;
Major General ,.1ansin, commanding
the tenth army; Major General Ger
ard, comuionding the eighth army;
Major General Berthelot. commanding
the French forces in the orient; Ma
jor General Guillaumat. commanding
the fifth army; Major General Hum
bert, commanding the third army; Ma
for General Weigand, chief of staff to
Marshal Foch; Major General Buat.
(Ontlnued en Page Two)
TWELVE MILLION ON ROLL OF RED
CROSS SATURDAY AT NOON, AS
ANSWER OF FEOPLE TO XMAS CALL
WASHINGTON, Dec. 21. Membership roll of the American Ued Cross
stood at 12,000,01)0 at noon and was tile answer of the American people to
the organization's "Christmas roll call" which will close Monday night.
The central division still l2d with approximately 4.000,000 members.
The Atlantic division was secor.d, with 2,8."o.00o. The southwestern divis
ion reported 1.000,000. Heports were received from several divisions.
BOLSHEVISTS
ADA
GERMANY TO
FUEL RESTRICTION WILL
HOLD UNTIL FEBRUARY
FIRST SAYS GARFIELD
i
WASHINGTON, Dec. 21. Fuel
dministrator Garfield today said
that maximum prices on coal and
zone regulations on fuel shipments
will not be removed before Feb
ruary 1. There had been reports
recently that all restrictions would
be removed about the first of the
year.
PARTY VOTE IS
1920 TAXATION
Democrats Carry Measure
Which Is Opposed by. Re
publicans; Final Vote Ex
pected on Monday
(By Review leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, Dec. 21. By a
strict party vote, the senate late to
day adopted ail provisions in the war
revenue bill prescribing tax rates for
1920, which democrats advocated nd
republicans opposed, but failed to
Teaeh a final vote on the -measure.
Adjournment was taken until Mon
day., when its passage is expected.
Disposition of the controverted 1920
tax provisions, designated to raise
about four billion dollars, as compared
with the six billion dollar estimate for
1919, precipitated long and spirited
debate with numerous partisan
clashes.
Action was taken virtually on a test
vote, disposing of the provision reduc
ing the individual income normal tax
rate to 8 per cent in 1920. On a mo
tion by Senator McCumber of North
Dakota, republican, to strike out this
section, 37 democrats voted to retain
it and 31 republicans were recorded
for its elimination.
Later, all other 1920 provisions
were adopted with perfunctory viva
voce vote. Senator Penrose of Penn
sylvania, senior republican member of
the finance committee, offered mo
tions to strike out the sections, but
these were bowled over by a chorus
of democratic "Nays."
Among the 1920 clauses thus ap
proved, was the provision for reduc
tion in that year of the corporation
normal income tax rate from 12 to 8
.per cent. In similar manner the sen
ate adopted the 1920 war excess' prof
its tax section, prescribing excess prof
its ranging from 20 to 40 per cent, in
lieu of those from 20 to 60 per cent
for 1919 and abolishing the 80 per
cent war profits levy after 1919. An
amendment by Senator Jones of New
Mexico, democrat, to continue war
profit taxes In 1919, was voted down
44 to 15.
Disposition of the 1920 tax question
caused such protracted debate that
Chairman Simmons abandoned plani
for a night session and agreed to ad
journ until Monday at 10 o'clockin an
effort to expedite passage that day.
with a night session if necessary.
With this Issue out of the way. sen
ate leaders predicted that other pro
visions. Including the inheritance, lux
ury and other sections, would be dis
posed of speedily.
In the partisan contest over fixing
rates at this time for 1920. Senator
Penrose. Townsend of Michigan. Mc
Cumbcj of North Dakota, and Smoot
of I'tah, led the republican attack,
while Chairman Simmons and Senator
Smith of Georgia, defended the demr
cratic policy. Charges by the repub
licans that in so doing, political ad
vantage was sought with a view to
avoiding an extra session of the next
congress, in which republicans will
have a majority, were met by asser
tions from the democrats that repub
licans, desired to force an extra ses
sion. A suggestion- by Senator Borah of
REGISTERED
(Continued on Pnge Two)
E
TOWARD
JOIN HON LOYALISTS
German Troops Retire, Leav
ing Their Munitions in the
Hands of Minister Trotzky
Maj
Cabinet; Clothed With Full
Power by Parliament
(By Review Leaseil Wire?
COPENHAGEN, Dec. 21. German
reports say that bolsheviki troops are
advancing toward the German frontier
to join" German sympathizers. Ger
man armies in Ruessia still are retir
ing, leaving in the hands of Minister
of War Trotzky all their war mate
rials. The Nishtl Djen of Riga says 400
persons recently were arrested by bol
sheviki outhorities in Pskov, 160
miles southwest of Petrograd, on the
r-hafvo nt haintf mint ,uvnltiti'nn
aries. The men condemned to death. . " f
according to the newspaper, were ! haes f wus.tion. between Mr.
compelled to dig their own graves in ' k"r fhnd, Stena!cr Heed, who sought
which after the execution, they were I to "ow ,,ht Bre,tker drew "arrant
buried by other prisoners under sen-1 J - from crap f vl-
teuced of many years imprisonment. 'nce , of C?""lnD be,een Mr-
j Hearst and Bolo Pasha, von Bern-
I storff and other German agents. Mr.
GIVE CABINET POWER Brecker declared he was "suspicious
BERLIN. Friday. Dec. 20. (By the ; of almost anything that Mr. Hearst
Associated Press.! The revoldtionary J did.' The cross-examination will b
parliament which adjourned this aft-1 contirued when the hearings are re-
ernoon gave the cabinet the fullest au
thority to manage affairs. The pres
tige of Chancellor Frjedrich Ebert and
Philipp Scheiiiemann has been greatly
enhanced by the appointment of a
natior.al central executive committee
of 27 soldiers and working men. com
posed wholly of majority socialists.
The committee is largely a body
with preliminary functions on a small
scale. It can eject obsteperous com
mittee members and has a restricted
veto power.
The congress devoted its closing
hours to socialization problems.
It approved of state control for such
industries "as the ripe" for the ex
periment and a start will be made
with coal pits. Afterward the steel and
chemical industries and the alkali
mines will be in line for seizure, al
though the bulk of sentiment was for
leaving such complex problems ' to !
the national asaembly. Emil Barth of ;
the Ebert cabinet, urged that an im-1
mediate start be made with the coal I
mines on account of the economic sit-
(Continued on Faee Four)
OLDER ARRESTED
ON COMPLAINT Of
F
L
Claims San Francisco Editor
Libelled Him Criminally in
Chaptey of His Recently
Published Memoires
(By Review Leased WireJ
SAN FRANCISCO. Dec. 21. Fre
mont Older, editor of the San Fran
cisco CaU. was arrested here today
ou a charge of criminal libel, sworn to
by John O'Gara, former assistant dis
trict attorneyhere. He was released
on bis own recognizance. The charge
followed statements which concerned
O'Gara's official conduct in recently
published reminiscences.
The complaint against Older quoted
i. letter from John Black, an ex-con-vlt
t, io the editor. This letter, pub
lished in the reminiscences, asserted
that the Judge who sentenced and the
prosecutor who convicted John Byrne,
a murderer. had "programmed'
against an application for a pardon
made by Byrne to the state pardou
board. O'Gara was the prosecutor in
the case, according to the complaint.
The case was tried In December, 1906.
Older is to appear before a police
judge Monday for arraignment
ORMER
OFFICIA
REED STILL
TILTS WITH
MR. BR C R
SENATOR FROM MISSOURI MAKES
IT MORE EVIDENT AS DAY GOES
BY THAT HE IS TRYING TO
MAKE CASE FOR WILLIAM
RANDOLPH HEARST
BRECKER ACCUSES HIM
HEARING FULL OF SHARP EX
CHANGES BETWEEN TWO WITH
REED ACCUSING WITNESS OF
JUMPING AT CONCLUSIONS AND
BRECKER VOICING SUSPICIONS
(By Review Leued Wlrel
WASHINGTON, Dec. 21 Alfred L.
Erecker, deputy attorney general of
New York, on continued cross-examination
today by Senator Reed of
Missouri at the senate committees
German propaganda inquiry, declared
that Senator Keed represented Wil-,
liam R. ifearst, about whom most of
the testimony.
Reed Gets Indignant.
i Senator Reed indignantly denied
I that he represented anybody or any
j thing except an effort to reach the
; truth iu a maze of "distorted testi-
! mnnv "
' Tlifl u ..11 f n V.
stinted after the holiday reces.
Bolo Pasha Again.
Before th committee adjourned.
Senator Reed referred to the iinancial
transactions mentioned by Mr. Breck-
i er in the beginning of his testimony
on Thursday dealing with $1. ecu. 000
deposited with J. P.. Morgan & Co. to
the credit of Bolo Pasha, the amount
to be available to Bolo iu October.
1516. six months after its deposit with
iiuerest at 2H per cent. In June.
llu. after Colo had returned to
France, it was testified, the Morgan
firm cabled its Paris branch that,
although the original agreement was
not kept, it would be glad if some in
terest would be allowed Bolo "in view
of the connection of this client which
is of grjut importance to us."
Suspicious of Hearst.
"Now, if you bad a letter like that
written by Mr. Hearst, in which he
sid the original agreement was uot
kept and asking him to pay interest
regaidless of that, you would regard
it as very conclusive against Mr.
(Continued on Page Four)
CLOTHES
GOOD EOOD
New Yorkers Form Relief
League to Aid Them First
and Then Investigate ; Faint
in School
CHILDREN
DYING
LACKING
AD
(Bv Review leased Wire)
NEW YORK. Dec. 21. Aroused by
reports that, with Christmas approach
ing. East Side children are "f:iinting
in school rooms and dying at borne
from hunger" because their parents
cannot pay the prevailing high prices
for milk and staple foods, representa
tive citizens today organized a com
mittee to "feed thera first and investi
gate afterwards."
A plea that something be done for
her pupils, who were "slowly starr
ing to death." was made recently by
a teacher to Joseph S. Markus, a bank
er, who heads the relief organization.
Mr. Markus himself visited schools
hospitals and tenements, and today
issued a statement dealing with condi
tions on the Est Sde.
One settlement, he said, has the
names of 150 babies, who, recovering
from influenza, face death from pneu-
ptatrnu4 Ttf For)
(ConTlaued ob Ph Two) j
(OntinuM on F;ige Two) TWO
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY,' DECEMBER 22, 1918.
WEEKLY NEWS LETTER YOUNG
MEN'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION
OF WARREN MINING DISTRICT
The following boys have returned t sincerely Henry Perkins, care Anieri-
L
HOW AMERICA BACKED UP ITS BOYS
HER TROUBLES HAD
j over my great improvement that I
1 want everybody to know what a splen
did medicine Tanlac is."
from the S. A. T. C. of the University
of Arizona, where they have been
training for several months: Bradford
Trenham, Clark Core. Chas. Edmund
son, Griffith Williams, Sgt. Alfred
Truscott, Arthur Peterson, George
Rafferty, Sgt. Howard Warren, and
Edwin Baldwin. From all appearances
Uncle Sam has treated them kindly,
as they have gained in weight, and
are feeling fine, but report they are
glad to return to their friends in the
warren District. 9
can Y. M. C. A., 12 Rue d' Aguesseau,
Paris, France.
C. H. Hardin, 'who has been in
dustrial secretary of the Y. M. C. A.
for several months, resigned his po
sition, and left Saturday night at 10:45
accompanied by his wife, for Santo
Rosa, Cal., where he will go into
business for himself. His resigna
tion is indeed deeply regretted by the
office force and the entire association,
where .he has made many (friends
since coming to the district fifteen
months ago. We all wish him great
Daniel Shirck. physical director of
the "Y" was called away last week, j success in nis new new.
owing to the serious illness of his.
brother. We- all hope for Vhe best, w. H. Day. Interstate Y. M. C. A.
and will be glad to welcome his re- Secretary, paid the association a visit
turn to the "Y." 1 on Friday, December 20th, remaining
i iu the district for the one day only.
Last week was a very busy one at
the "Y" and its many members who: BOYS' DEPARTMENT
did not join the Red Cross in the At last M man ..nu.. hM K,ven us
mines were kept busy signing up a cnance t0 8tart things moving. The
uuncneons were neiu on o.u.may BUU , hoUdav8 ar doing tneir part and keep.
Friday afternoons for the many work- ,ng everyone 80 Dusy they won-t j,ave
ers wno are wonting laiuuuuj iui , mucn Ume tQ glve to ,ne ..y But
this great cause. ; on Friday afternoon, December 13th, a
; , 1 number of mothers met in our boys'
Following is a letter written by , department to digCUSs the possibilities
Henry Pearkius. one of our very act-. of a molner-s CUD. Every one pres
ive and much esteemed members who nt wag pleased wltn the ldeat and
is now in France doing V M. C A.I Mrs JnQ Cam wag made cnatrman
woik. "I am at last in Paris after and Mrs A; E BrownliCi vice-chair-a
26 day trip, including a daylight man of the mother8. committee, which
trip by rail across England. Our 8tart WQrk ,n the organization 0f
ocean voyage was uneventful. even)a ,u0tnei.-8 ciUD. strange as it may
monotonous. The accommodations , sound one of the fir8t things men
and table were the best, the weather tloned that the mothers could help on,
was fine excepting one day, and I , wa8 wnen we have a feed No at.
wasn't sick a single minute. I asjtempt will be made to start our
in Liverpool, England, when the arm- , mothers. cluo nntll after the first ot
istice was signed. There was great the new year You WRnt your motner
rejoicing among the people. All work I on nand when we do start so don.t
w as suspended, and great throngs ; forget to do your part Teii ner aD0Ut
filled the streets and paraded, sing- ;yOUr "Y "
ing till well after midnight. Americans, " j
were very popular indeed. I have . ....- .t,iu
had excellent opportunity to converse L AccrJIu " i rli
with officers and "Y" men. who were been adopted by ti. e boys cabi-
1.7:- j .,,,. ,, r.-iiv . resentatlon in the cabinet: High
Tus Wto ouUUon'The Amer-chool boys, four representatives Lr-
leans participated in some or the nara- "" - . '
est fighting, seting a lively pace for j employed boys .seven represents ;
their allies Paris is indeed a beauti- Intermediate boys, five represents-
ful city, full of places of historic in-, .
tertst. I have been here nine days.
7JU U7n y
OnOT TUnilOl linO i Tanlac la sold in Bisee by J. M
U U 0 I I nUUtJHillJu I Uall n Douglas by DouUa Drug com-
(
11
. ,7ff ff. fer"
Stream of supplies pouring into Argonne section for the U. S. fighters there late in the war. Hill 304 is In th
background. ; '
If i
kept up with tne fighters. Accord
ing to an official of the quarter--muster's
department not a U. S.
soldier missed a meal because of
One of the many remarkable ac
complishments of America's war
forces was the efficient way in
jsbich food and other supplies were
lack of supplies. The picture j
shows immense quantities of sup
plies on the way to the Ameri'nn '
forces in the Argonne region. ,
RICE SHORTAGE HAS
DISASTROUS EFFECT
Mrs. White Says Tanlac Over
came Troubles After Every
thing Else Failed
"Actually, a few bottles of Tanlac
did more for me than all the other
medicines and treatments that have
cost me thousands of dollars," recent
ly declared Mrs. Kiltie White, whose
husband is proprietor of the Univer
sity Paint company, and who lives at
1312 Forty-second street. East, Seat
tle. Wash.
"Fifteen years ago," she continued.
"I was as strong and healthy a woman
as you ever saw, weighing in the j
neighborhood of a hundred and seven
pany, in Paradise by G. A. Wainer. in
Bowie by Bowie Drug company, in San
Simon by J. B. Cooke, in WUcox by
A. A. Nicholson, in Lowell by Lowell
Drug company, in Becson by C. T.
Moss Pharmacy, in Gleescn by B. A.
Taylor, In Warren by Warren Pharm
acy, in Pearce by B. A. Taylor, in
Tombstone by Boyd's Drug store, and
in McXeal by Mc.N'eal Marcantile company.
LAW UNCONSTITUTIONAL.
Balrd of Yuma, the well-known jew
ing on a charge of alleged violation of
the i o'clock closing ordinance, was
discharged by Judge Stanley after a
brief hearing yesterday. Mr. Baird
claimed that the law was unconstitu
tional and was prepared to take the
matter to higher courts." At the coun
cil meeting Monday night the matter
ty pounds. My troubles started hen ! of ,ne enforced closing was discussed.
I contracted asthma, which got so bad
that many a time I have had to sit up
night after night wheezing and gag
ging, hardly able to get my breath
and suffering so terribly I really
thought 1 was going to die. Then my
stomach went back on me, my food
would sour, and the gas that rose up
in ray throat would almost strangle
be, and start nie to vomiting till I
would be in such misery I would al
most go distracted. My head ached
like it would split and my back huh
like it was going to break in two. I
lost over forty pounds, 1 was but a
shadow of my former self, and was so
weak, and felt so wornout that I was
barely able to get around.
"Now this was just the awful con
dition I. was in when one of my friends
told me about Tanlac, and I thought
if 1 could get my stomach in good
condition and regain my strength,
maybe I could stand -the asthma bet
ter, so I got me a bottle. Well, sir,
the results have far surpassed any
thing I expected. Why, my app.-tite is
so great, that I feel ashamed to eat
enough to satisfy myself, and my
stomach is in good condition. But the
greatest surprise of all is I haven'i
suffered a particle from astham since
I have been taking Tanlac. I felt so
and it was said by several members
that they were in doubt as to the le
gality of compelling a man to close a
place of business, not usually regulat
ed by law until he felt desirous of
closing. The decision practically an
nuls the ordinance unless the council
decides on further legal action, which,
is not likely.
Richard Glaze, Oph. D.N.D.
Practice Limited to Eye and Nerve
Disorders
Phone 156. Office and residence
first house west Masonic Templs.
Main street, Bisbee, Arizona.
Glasses fitted by latest methods.
tives. Monday, December 23, will be
a uccu uui c nine " " ' .... ., , . . :
mcst of the time at my own disposal. .; "lc ,l" , T V 7 in h V m.
I have looked and looked to the point eek Monday night at 7:30 .H high
of weariness. Have visited at least ool boys will meet In the new club
a dozen places including the palace i m tor their ejection while .the Lor
of the Emperors, and Napoleon's tcmb. etto academy will meet In the office
etc. It is impossible to adequately de-. pn Thursday the 26th at .4 Ip , m, the
scribe it at all. it must be seen to be Juniors will bold their election this
i.j d.i 4. n..ib ,twn Will be just before the junior gym
with captured guns. airpTanes. and c ass en Friday will be the big
Willi taillUI CU fcUUi ijo, . , j
tanks. They line the boulevards and election day for on that day the In-
L..oro i, wn. termediate division will meet at 4 p.
expected here in December. I can ! m. Just before their gym class starts
premise him the reception of his life. I and the employed boys division wM
mnat ,ir r.t aii'mett at 8:30 just after their swim.
the allied statesmen, especially 1n J Every fellow should plan to be at
France. The cost of living is high his division rally because we should
here, but 1 see no signs of hunger In 1 all be interested as to who will serve
the faces of the people, as in England. 1 on our boys cabinet for the coming
They are all well dressed, and the; 6 months. On Saturday, January 4
places of amusement are well patron-! the first meeting of the new cabinet
izel. The streets are crowded with I will be held. This meeting will be in
people, including soldiers of all nation-j conjunc tion with the old cabinet after
alities and rank. I have learned to 1 discussion of the business three
reckon mentally in French and speak ! months the new cabinet will proceed
it brokenly. I can read the papers to elect their own ofifcers, then the
well enough to get the news by oc-! business of the department will be
casionally referring to my little, die-! turned over to them.
tionary. I expect to leave tomorrow I
or next day for Bourdaux, to take up I A card has been received from over
:ny assignment. The "Y" is doing a r.eas from Pvt. .Wilson Martin. Mr.
tremendous welfare work. They have Martin as former boys' secretary at
1500 huts in operation with endless our -y". He sends best wishes and
supply ami transport accessories. The ! a Merry Christmas to all the boys
personnel consists of 5000 men and j and especially the old boys. The fol
1100 women. The "Y" girls are much ; lowing is a verse which was on Mr.
appreciated by the soldiers. The . Martin's card:
French girls are keen for the Ameri
cans, but the American lads are not
losing their heads that I can see. They
are a homesick lot and thing of noth
ing but getting back home. I am
sorry I arrived too late to see any
cf the fighting. T'lose who were in
it all. say they would not take any
price for the experience or pay ary-j In our last issue, we outlined our
.thing for the repetition of it. All are; piarf for the membership drive, which
glod it is over. I am not ready to was to go on during the month of De
leturn home yet and will not be till t ember. To date we are very pleased
I see jonie service here. The "Y" with the results. Xo! We have not
has plenty of fine fellows, and they added as many to our membership
are putting over the job which, by role as we should have, but the old
the way, is far from finished yet, ' saying is very true. "Every little
peace or no peace. They have an I helps." We are going to have a mem
educational program under way, and ! bership in our boys' department of
! ably will bring dome relief but in the to have brought rice to Porto Rico,
j meantime thet island authorities an-; ha ve been delayed in sailing by strikes
I ticipate much, suffering and hardship or other causes or else have been
that at present they seem powerless 1 rushed to Europe with food supplies
' J to prevent. .which are badly needed there. Whoth-
M Arf)fn, t All.urt V I taAara, P r ot h o r K h l us t o t a l ( their Tinop will fln on Tlnlnhlni? mv first tuittlo thai
lipniJ PflPTn RIPnifood commissioner and chairman of be directed here promptly is a ques-; 1 Just couldn't fcet another one quicu !
UIUII lUrilU niUUjthe Porto Rico food commission, the tion that is givins many people fami- j enough, for I couldn't afford to miss,
J question now is:wholly one of trans- liar with food situation in the island j a single dose. 1 sleep so sound now,
portation and the .coniuiisison has con- ven' serious concern. I teat 1 don t know a thing from the
time I go to bed till I get up in the
morning. I never know what a head-'
ache is and those awful pains In my .
back are all gone. I have already :
gained several pounds and am gaining
in weight and strength every day.
Why, I can do any amount of hard '
work now without getting .tired, and !
can't remember the time when I felt I
as fine as I do today. I am so happy ,
DR. EDWARD COLMAN
Chiropractor and Osteopath
NERVOUSNESS AND RHEUMA
TISM A SPECIALTY
Office in Johnson Block, opposite
Johnson Add. Car Stop.
MANY TOWNS IN ISLAND WITH- sidered the local situation so serious The average consumption of rice in
OUT single bag OP STAPLE ' that it has urged upon the United i the island is in the neighborhood of
rstates shipping board the necessity of i-oa'u" nags per nioiun.
FOOD ARTICLE OF NATIVE
Not to ex-
iminediate relief. Hein has been nrcim- ceed 2j,000 bags of new crop rice
POPULATION, WHILE RELIEF j lsp(i bv the shlDnine board but so far have so far been delivered to Porto
SHIPS Ant DfcLAYfcD
SAN JUAN, P. R., Dec. 1, (Corre
spondence of the Associated Press.)
Many towns in the island are without , gto(.k havjns been re!eaiiea as needed
the local food commisison has noi Rico.
been advised 'of the sailing of any
ships bringing rice.
For the first time in a year and a !
half the food commisison has no re-1
serve stock of rice on hand, all of its
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
OPENING DANCE
MONDAY NIGHT,
DECEMBER 23 RD
MRS. SALES' ACADDIY
ON O K STREET
EVERYBODY INVITED
Music by
LONG'S ORCHESTRA
a single bag of rice and the short- iU anticipation of the arrival of the
age in many ' localities has brought j new crop. , In order to provide the
about a condition' described by those j Red Cross with rice needed for the
in a position to know as bordering on relief of earthquake sufferers the
famine. , . commission was forced to pick up
This food shortage' is adding very i small lots of ruse, here and there
from France, where we fight for
peace.
To America; where our loved ones
dwell in peace.
We soldiers of the A. E. F.
Send home our loving greetings on
Christ's great day of Peace.
greatly to the seriousness of the in
fluenza epidemic and- many deaths
are attributed not so much to the dis
ease itself as to " the -complications
brought about by lack of food.
Many sugar centrals in the island
employing large; quantities of labor
have been scouring tile island for rice
at any price in order to provide food
I for the sick on their plantations. In
Shipments of rice frjm New Orleans i many instances they have not been
and other gulf ports which are now j able to buy a single bag.
from four to six weeks overdue prob-1 Four ships, each one of w hich was
will b; active as long as fie troops
remain here .which in all probability
will be for some time. I often th'ink
of my friends and associations In
Bisbee, and will be glad to receive a
line from-, them occasionally. My ad
dress will be as given below. Very
With Salad Flavor
Jiffy-Jell desserts
come in many fruit
flavors. But Lime Jiffy
Jell flavored with
lime fruit makes the
best salad jell.
It is tart and green.
Th flavor comes in
liquid form, sealed in
a vial.
Serve with yonr
salad. Or mis in veg
etables, cooked or un
cooked, before the
Jiffy-Jell cools Left
overs will do. Ormixin
meat crap and make a meat loaf.
Try Loganberry Jiffy-Jell for a
dessert and Lrme for a salad jrll
One package serves sis These
quick, economical dakuic serve
a bij need today
2 PmeUatcs for Cent
At )'oar G-ocr't
Jiffy-Jell Waukesha, Wiiconim
s
400 on January 1. 1919, that is if you
do your part. In division No. 1 Jim
my Oddonetto leads in number of
points closely followed by Beck Kuff.
but unless Jimmy moves within the
nextfew days on pay-day Beck will
rush past him at the rate of a mile a
minute. Division No. 2 will have to
get a hustle on then or it Is good-bye
silver cup for you. Very few of the
fellows In division No. 2 are taking
the campaign serious. Leslie Oilman
is in the lead, followed by Gene Carry.
Division No. 4, our baby boys are the
most enthusiastic of the three divis
ions. Little Lee Medigovich is way
in the lead and is doing his best to
carry off the place prize, but Wm.
Musso and Henry Stodgill are not far
' enough behind to keep out of his dust.
I.ets go fellows. Lets make the cam-i
! paizn a big success. The prizes are
! worth while and of course, we do not
I want ourselves failures.
Mr. Prunning, teacher of the youne
men's clnss at t'? Methodist church,
iiifiims us tht he has a champion
ship t- a! to blare in our Inter clmn h
hH-kct lall IcHKiie. We can't see why
Ibis shi.uld be. and according to Kd
Kelly "1 Cvr.Td lhwns at the Calh
iili" rlmrt li somebody has made a mis
(Hl e F.vt thfrc in no reason why tin1
TiiTi!''. Knunipal. Iresbyterliin
'tii-i shriiiil nut nave a goc-l team.
(Ji -lien know, everyone shriiUI '
, i :irl,ii to c for fi ol liiill did nnl conn
into ils own. .Smll silver cup will he
f i ci liy vhii h will gi to tliv wm
ui:ia feniii. We are wondering "hi h
( Imirii will be Ihf winner?
YOUR CHRISTMAS
Cut (Flowers
and Potted Plants '
CAN BE FOUND HERE . . '
IN GREAT VARIETY 7 T
BE SURE TO ORDER THEM
EARLY AND AVOID l
THE RUSH - ;
SPECIAL FUNERAL DESIGNS
AT ALL TIMES
CUT FLOWERS AND MILLINERY
MRS. J.JE. NORRIS
Main Street Opp. Eagle Theater
0
..il
Two More
Shopping Days
Until
Christmas
Christmas is rapidly approaching only two more buy
ing days remain and the last two of these will be days of
' such tremendous activity that this organization will be
taxed to its utmost capacity. We take this opportunity
to urge every one to consider and make full use of
earlv morning shopping for satisfactory and comfortable
Christmas shopping. While we are always desirous of
selling just as low as we possibly can, yet quality is our
foundation, and you can rest assured that any article
bought for a gift will give satisfaction and pleasure to the
recipient every time he or she his occasion to use it.
CHRISTMAS DA Y
Above all other days, every man and young man should be
ambitious to look his best. If you want to feel the spirit of good
apparel, drop in here today or Monday and view cur showing of
Collegian and Kuppenheimer
Suits and Overcoats
We are showing a beautiful line of perfectly tailored, smartly
styled suits and overcoats most appropriate for Christmas. They
have snap and character you'll like, and they're positively won
derful values
$20.C0, $25.00, $30.00, $35.00 AND $10.C0
I
I
14
5 baQ
rx 'i- . wrr- O THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 22, 1918..
1
A SERIES OF
LITTLE TALKS ABOUT
YOUR
( sr )
1
s
!'-3
WHEN it comes to the "Miles per gal
lon" proposition the Ford is the wiz
znrd among cars. Your ford will carry you
further on a given amount of fuel than
any other car in the world.
C" But SOME OWNERS get nearly twice
cs much mileage as others and run under
similar conditions.
Cj Make up your mind to one thing the
difference is not in the Fords but in their
drivers.
CI Learn to use your spark and gas prop
erly. Learn how to keep your carburetor
just right. It's the simplest carburetor
there is, so THAT presents no difficulty.
CJ If you've been having trouble with
fouled sparks and low mileage or other
gas troubles come around and let us start
you off right again.
F. C. BLEDSOE,
Phone 636
Bisbee
'small chance
OR
REDUCTION
if! AUTO PRICE
Conditions in Automobile
World Recounted by Bow
en to Support His Express
ed Belief
That thpre will be no Immediate
reduction In the price of the establish
ed lines of automobiles, and that the
nptnaa will mmflin at their nresent
j level for at least the next six months.
is the opinion of J. J. uowen, manager
of the Bisbee Auto company, who has
just returned from a busine9 strip to
Los Angeles, Calif, where he was in
conference with the automobile inter
ests of the southwest. Labor condi
tions, market supplies of steel and
iron, the costs of living, and similar
factors enter into this condition, and
will contribute to the present scales
of prices.
Only one exception will be found
to this rule, declares Mr. Gowen.
Several of the automobile industries
j of the nation have already announced
! slight decreases in their Bales prices,
i Tbese reductions have been based on
: fictitious prices which were made dur
I ing the war by factories which hoped
!to dispose of their over-stocked sales
rooms during the war. Now these
I factories are faced with an over-sup-
ply, and are forced to bring their
' prices back to the natural from the
' fictitious level, to remain in the com
; petition1 and business.
: All of the old established compan
jies, declares Br. Bowen, are faced by
the same conditions. These conditions
! briefly are that the price of living has
not reduced, the price of labor re-
'i j mains at its war-time levels, the price
l '.nt steel and rubber has not been re-
lit ikmm j duced. All of the companies must go
t t
-' , -. - - .v . . '-
MAKE YOUR
into the open market to contract for
their year's supply of steel, rubber and j
other supplies. And none of the es
tablished, old-time companies has an
over-supply, or over-stocked sales
rooms.
The natural result of these con
ditions, Mr. Bowen deducts, is that
the price of labor cannot be reduced
until the price of living is reduced1
materially. Upon the price of living
depends the price of labor, and upon
the price of living and the price of
labor depend the price of steel and
rubber. On all these factors depend
the price of the automobile when the
market demand is at a stable and even
point and when companies are not
over-supplied and over-stocked. Con
sequently, declares Mr. Bowen, the
price of the established lines of auto
mobiles cannot be reached at this time
and probably will not be reduced for
some time to come.
In spite of the fact that the prices
will remain at the present level, Mr.
Bowen declares that motor car dealers
of the coast are looking forward to
one of the best seasons in the history
of the industry with sales for the
maximum output of the established
plants. Already, declares the pioneer
automobile dealer of this district, the
after-the-war sales are beginning to
jump and indications point to brisk
sales during the spring months when
the tourists and vacation seasons will
again open.
The motor car industry on the" Pa
cific coast, declares Mr. Bowen. is as
healthy as it has ever been despite
the war and curtailed sales. Every
large agency is laying plans for meet
ing the heaviest demand for cars in
the hiBtory of their business and sub
agencies are beginning already to in
crease their demands on the large dis
tributors of the southwest.
--.-4
1 X-T-
9
PRESENT
THE NEW 19 SERIES
Studebaker Quality Dominant, for Sixty-Six
Years is Reflected in These Cars
See these beautiful cars in our show rooms and note the classic de
signs De Luxe Pantasote tops with Plate Glass in rear Beveled body
Choice of colors: Blue or Maroon TIMKEN BEARINGS throughout
TRANSMISSION IN FRONT Hotchkiss drive-Lots of Power, easy riding.
STUDEBAKER
Big "G"
Light "6"
Light "4"
Studebaker Cars Are
RIGHT in EVERY Respect
HUDSON
TOURING CAR
SPEEDSTER
HUDSON Touring Cars and Speedsters
I We are the oldest dealers in the Warren District and
I the only one that has kept their bervice station open to
their customers during the entire WAR PERIOD.
SMITH FORM-A-TRUCK Attachments for Fords in Stock.
SOLID TRUCK TIRE PRESS.
SISBEE'AUTO CO:
Upper Main Street.
''- r iLJ 71 I .M vJ -i-, v 1 i.i L-.. :
t. e r- trr.
:::: r-r. bu:
Klin l2!Rf!!
l i
ins fc- in .3: 12 J
73
fTT1 " ...
?:. v. : , ifsi ; r- A j Bi
Pioneers in -the
Business
aiUD una uuuu
C
5831331 a
in; la isi fa us m W
SAFETY F I R T
SAFETY FIRST
GERMAN PAPER RAILS
AT SUICIDAL PLAN
8ay Pan-Germans in Navy Planned
for Sortie of Desperation Against
Allied Fleet Rather Than Meet Dis-
. .honor of Defeat
AMSTERDAM, Nov. 20. (Corre
spondent of the Associated Press).
The attempt of officers of the German
High Seas fleet to make a suicidal sor
tie against the British grand fleet, be
fore the armistice was signed, is char
acterized bj- the Berlin Vorwaerta as
"the .last devilish crime against the
German people that sealed the doom
of the Pan-Germans." Refusal of the
sailors to go out and fight is regard
ed as the first step toward the Ger
man revolution. This mutiny is de
scribed by the Vorwaerts as "an act
cf self-defense by 80,000 men against
the villianous Pan-German plan.
"To understand the position," con
tinues the newspaper, "it is necessary
to go back to the feverish propaganda
by the Pan-Germans at the end of Oc
tober for a so-called national fight of
despair. To save their necks they con-
celved the idea of baiting the people
into a forlorn hope which could only
end in complete extermination. The
death of the doomed 80.000 did not
concern these maniacs in whose reck
onings human blood never counted.
Their notion of military honor was
that the whole people should suffer
themselves to be butchered rather
than undergo the shame of defeat"
"With their minds bteeped in the
worship of might, they had no ink
ling of the revolutionary currents
among the men. They still imagined
that iron discipline was paramount
Their fiendish plan was to send out
the ships to be sacrificed to the last
ship. The news spread like wildfire.
"At the last stage of the war, are
we all to be killed? they asked.
"The officers harangud. cajoled, in
vain. Three times the order was
given. It was a difficult position for
men with no backing but their feeling
of solidarity. A thousand were im
prisoned at Wllhelmsbaven. The
choice between freedom aid imprison
mnt was not difficult. ' It was revo
lution. It was the irony of fate that
the Pan-Germans, with what waa to be
their last desperate blow, should them
selves have surfed the conflagration
RECONSTRUCTION
PROBLEMS TOLD
BY MR. BARUCH
(Continued from Pft Oim)
be decided as to what branch of the
government will handle the matter of
allocating tonnage. The. war trade
board and the shipping board, have
the matter under .consideration.
Available for the agenciea that will
decide these problems is the vast res
ervoir of live statistics, accumulated
from all departments and all sources
of information, add compiled in order
ly and accessible manner under the
auspices of the statistical branch of
the war industries board. There need
be on that account no groping m the
dark, for the statistics are within a
week of actual timellneea.
With regard to the steel situation,
the steel manufacturer are anxious
that some means be devised whereby
the railroad administration may be
empowered to place orders for cars,
rails and other equipment. This they
desire in preference to the system ex
isting whereby even though the di
rector general of railroads must pass
on all orders for such equipment, the
say as to whether the orders shall be
placed at all is one for the individual
roads to decide. At present it is up
to the railroads to come forward and
place their orders.
Concerning the labor situation,
there Is reason for the utmost confi
dence that it will be adjusted with
out difficulty and without loss to the
workers. Labor should continue to
be well paid. Out of the better under
standing existing between capital and
labor as a result of the war will come
I a higher participation by labor in the
1 fruits of its toil.
RACE PREJUDICE
WILL BRING ABOUT
NEXT GREAT WAR
THIS AT LEAST IS BELIEF EX
PRESSED BY JAPANESE IN IN
TERVIEW SAYING COLORED
RACES WOULD DEMAND SAME
TREATMENT AS WHITES
TOKIO, Nov. 20, (Correspondence
of the Associated Press.) Ifli-f that
the next war will be the outcome of
race prejudice is expressed by Yukio
Ozaki, formerly minister of justice,
and a leading member of the constitu
tional party. Mr. Ozaki snid that in
hi9 opinion, the colored races which
steadily were developing their civiliza- i
tion would demand finally the same :
treatment as the white races, and that ;
the result would be an armed colli
sion, i
Mr. Ozaki recommeuded that at the
peace conference, Japan acting on be-)
half of all the Asiatic races bhould !
introduce the racial and population
questions for consideration, and if pos
sible, secure a solution.
In a country like Japan where the
population is increasing -. ith alarm
ing rapidity, he said it was but natural
that the surplus population should try.
to obtain an outlet even by resorting
to arms. From Japan's standpoint,
said Mr. Ozaki, the racial or popula
tion questions were more important
that President Wilson's "Fourteen
Points" as laid down for a basis of
Germany's surrender. These racial
questions, he said, concerned the fu
ture of millions of souls in Asia.
Mr. Ozaki warned the Japanese not
to develop the German system of state
organization which in the present war
had proved to be a mere machine for
destroying civilization and for tramp
ling under foot the rights of other na
tions and peoples.
On the question of Japan's occupa-j
tion of the German bouin bea Islands,
Mr. Ozaki declared that the United
States should dismantle her forts in
the Philippines and Hawaii, and that
this would be more important for Jap
an than the taking over of the South
Sea Ulands. '
CHEVROLET
MORE MILES PER GALLON
RESPECT YOUR MONEY
CI When you buy a CHEVROLET, you treat your
money with respect. You do not spend too much, and
you secure a car capable of doing all you want any auto
mobile to do.
CIThe CHEVROLET is THE CAR of the hour; low in
price and absolutely dependable. It meets today's
need for economy. A safe car to buy. It- Is a common
thing for a CHEVROLET to travel 25 miles on a gallon
of gasoline. The CHEVROLET itself proves all i say
for it. Let me demonstrate a CHEVROLET for you.
W: L. SMART
LOCAL AGENT PHONE 273
It's enough to dampen even the
pleasure of a first trip to Europe to
go off with the knowledse that the
whole family thinks your real place
is in the home". Philadelphia North
American.
BRITISH TO ENTERTAIN
SOLDIERS AND SAILORS
fPv Review T.eaaril Wire)
LONDON", Nov. 25. if your son is
in France or England at Christmas
time you needn't necessarily feel that
he is losing all the joy of life. Per
haps he is j;oins to have the opportun
ity to a rc-ql English Christmas.
Invitationc have been issued to as
many American soldiers and sailors
a. possible in France, through Y. M.
C. A. Secretaries there, and those in
camps and on battleships in Ensland
were not forgotten. -More than 2i)
o(0cm will be entertained for the
boTidavs in London homes alone. Ann
on Christmas day 1500 more will
watch the brandy burning on top of
the pudding and eye the roasted pig
in fam:li"s who are to do everything
possible to irake this holiday one that
the American guest will always re
member. Invitat-ons poured in to the Interna
tiona! Y. II. C A. Hospitality league
from many farms outside of London,
too. from Devonshire, where riding
and shooting were offered; from
Scotland and from Ireland.
"I want two boys for the 'whole of
their lives," one Irish woman writes.
"I am goinfc to give them the kind of
Christmas ir.y boys would have liked
if they iiad rot be en killed in France."
P-eing a Hupsbtirg i apparently a
non-essential in'Iustry. Columbia
Kecord
'"" 111 ' ' - - ....... J - inrri'i iiilinniii
Mumani nil
How Long Will It Last?
That's just another way of asking "How good is your
battery insulation?"
For no battery is any better than its insulation.
There's no doubt about it; Insulation is one of the
things that makes the Willard a longer-lived, better battery.
livery piece of Insulation that goes into any Willard
Battery has those features so necessary to long battery life
. that is. sound material; thorough workmanship; exacting
! tests and careful inspections.
Lohman & Wright
BATTERY EXPERTS
A COMPLETE SERVICE STATION AT YOUR DISPOSAL
We testi repair and re
charge storage batteries,
and always carry a full
supply of battery parts,
new batteries and rental
batteries.
L THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW SUNDAY, DECEMBER 22, 1918.
FOUR
PUBLISHED EVERY DAY EXCEPT MONDAY BY THE
STATE CONSOLIDATED PUBLISHING COMPANY.
CULLEN A. CAIN ......Editor and General Manager
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
The Associated Press is exclusively entitled to the
use for re-publication of all news dispatches credited to
it or not otherwise credited to this paper, and also, the
local news published therein
All rights of re-publication of special dispatches here
in are also reserved.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES, PAYABLE IN ADVANCE:
PER MONTH -7J
THREE MONTHS 2 25
SIX MONTHS :
TWELVE VONTHS - "-60
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per year 2-50
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per quarter .76
No Subscription Takm for Less Than 75 Cents
CLASSES
(Ohio State Journal.)
The bolsheviki want class government
and they want themselves to be the class
that governs. For ages the aristocracy njled,
and now they want the proletariat to rule.
They are not making much progress, ex
cept that capital, aristocracy, business and
enterprise have retired from the conflict,
leaving the bolsheviki fighting among them
selves. And what a mess they are making
of it ! Riot, bloodshed, hunger everywhere.
A headline in a newspaper says: "Work
men starve with bolshevism. They com
plain bitterly that though everything be
longs to them, they are unable to get a
living."
There is a whole volume in that head
line. There is no satisfaction in simply
having. Materialism is only the gospel of
envy and disquiet. There is no virtue in
property; that is only in the way it is used,
and when it is used selfishly its value is
gone. It is used selfishly when adminis
tered by a class. So all class ownership
defeats the common good. And that may
be said of all class legislation for which
there is great clamor in behalf of certain
interests. It is all unnatural and unjust,
and is in direct conflict with the public wel
fare. It is almost a truism to say that fav
oring a class is opposing the public good.
And no class can afford to do that. See
how it works with the bolsheviki, who own
all the property and yet their members are
starving. It takes more than property to
supply a man with bread and meat. It re
quires spirit, good will, and self-respect.
Without these a man will starve with loads
of wealth, as the bolsheviki are doing. It
used to be that aristocracy constituted a
class, but in these days a class wants to
make an aristocracy of itselft..-..-;'
One can see it on all sides where a class
sets itself up as the first thing for the gov
ernment to consider. It is undemocratic
and unconstitutional that it should be so.
No class, trade, profession or creed has any
claim on the state or republic. Their claim
is only upon public sentiment, fortified by
a real mind and an upright personality.
RESURRECTION IN FRANCE
"I am told by a superior scientific agri
culturist that, contrary to many' other
views, the districts of France, torn up by
shot and shell may become more produc
tive after than before the war," writes Dr.
O. H. L. Mason, a minister of Long Beach,
Cal., who is now doing war work in Eu
rope. "The very ravage which has plowed the
soil to great depths may in the long run
contribute to a richer productiveness. Here
is a fine touch of philosophy: the tomorrow
of the scil of France and the spirit of France
is to justify all our sacrifices. The most
sublime days are yet to come. Losses are
to be transformed into gains of a high order.
The soil and soul of all torn Europe are to
blossom and all richness of the past is to
be forgotten in the glory of the world's to
morrow. The graves of yesterday and to
day are to be tombs of resurrection rather
than mounds of despair. Already they are
marked with white crosses, signals of hope.
The poppies are most beautiful and numer
ous in the fields of Flanders where the
graves of the brave are counted in largest
numbers.'
KEEP YOUR CITY CLEAN!
Keep your city clean for the boys who
are coming back from training camp and
trench!
That's the urgent warning of the United
States public health service, endorsed by
the secretaries of war and the navy.
They point to the moral cleanliness of
America in war, to the wholesomeness of
war camps and to the moral improvement
forced on cities as examples for America
in peace times.
Dr. Rupert Blue, surgeon general of the
United States public health service, believes
that the veneral diseason problem will be
one of the nation's biggest peace problems.
"Are you sure," Dr. Blue asks, "that the
profiteers of vice are not planning to take
advantage of the days of festivities when
the boys come marching home to dishonor
them before they get settled again in the
normal ways of life? Are you sure that
demobilization will not mean demoraliza
tion?" "There should be no truce with the red
light district, no armistice with veneral di
seases. "Unconditional surrender is the govern
ment's demand from this enemy at home."
Under the protection of the military au
thorities four millions of soldiers and sailors
receive greater protection against veneral
diseases than they receive in civil life.
"The cities and towns through which
they will go and to which they will return
on demobilization, must be made safe,'
pleads W. G. McAdoo,, on behalf of the
public health service. "A program of law
enforcement, education, wholesome recre
ation and medical measures must be every
where adopted," he adds.
"Signing of the armistice in no way less
ens responsibility of civil communities for
the protection of soldiers from prostitution
and sale of liquor," warns Secretary of war,
Baker.
Welcome the boys home to communities
cleaned and kept clean of vice!
MAKE IT UNCOMMON
Watch out for the "common cold."
Hit it every time it shows its head!
The "common cold" is often one of the
first symptoms of "Spanish flu" which is
so like pneumonic plague!
The" common cold," too, is one of the
advance agents of pneumonia and tubercu
losis, diseases which rank second and third
as causing the greatest number of deaths
annually in the United States.
Don't laugh at a sneeze and a cough.
Dodge them when you meet them in peo
ple about you. Treat them with respect
and care when they appear in yourself.
A neglected "common cold" MAY de
velop into pneumonia or tuberculosis.
Even if it remains "only a cold" it re
duces vitality and usefulness from 50 to
75 per cent. When colds become epidemic
in a school, factory or office, production
and efficiency are cut in half.
Individuals can't afford the "common
cold." Neither can the business world.
The United States public health bureau
says:
"Cold germs enter the body through the
mouth and nose. To dodge colds keep the
body and clothing clean. Eat, sleep and ex
ercise regularly. Avoid hot, dusty, and ill
ventilated rooms. Keep the body warm
and dry. Keep away from the person who
coughs and sneezes without covering the
mouth with his handkerchief."
The United States should have a "recon
struction program" for health after the bat
tle against "flu."
Let the health reconstruction program
begin with one rule
"Make the common cold uncommon.
THE BIBLE AND THE WAR'S END
The Little Christmas
Mother
HIS CHRISTMAS STAR
When the armistice became effective,
ending the great struggle in Europe, on
the eleventh hour of the eleventh day of
the eleventh month a Kansas woman who
sets great store by her Bible sought the
eleventh verse of the eleventh chapter of
the eleventh book of the Scriptures. It
brought her to the first book of Kings. The
eleventh verse of the eleventh chapter
reads :
"Wherefore the Lord said unto Solo
mon, forasmuch as this is done of thee, and
thou hast not kept my covenant and my
statutes, which I have commanded thee,
I will surely rend the kingdom from thee,
and will give it to thy servant."
The woman who noted this coincidence
says she believes, and she believes that the
kaiser now believes that the verse was
prophetic.
American soldiers are guarding one of
the former kaiser's palaces at Coblenz, and
none has yet entered the building. The
failure of the Yanks to steal anything from
the royal dwelling place forces the Huns to
the conclusion that Americans are not efficient.
A revolution is reported to have started
in Bulgaria. Revolutions are becoming as
common among the people of the old cen
tral powers as they are in Russia.
It's lonesome I am feeling as the
night winds creep and creep
But here's a little fire, and I've sung ;
the rest to sleep;
The fli'-ring shadows fright me so
still the quiet seems.
I'm glad the children of the poor can
dream t'.ie Christmas dreams.
II.
For ere they feil asleep they talked of
all the Christmas sights
And pressed their faces 'gainst the
panes to see the city's lights.
And Jimmy thinks that Santa Claus
won't find him any more
Like he finds the rich folk's children
with tiie numbers on their door.
III.
Since our own mother went away
this Christmas-year ago
To where there's always Christmas
where falls no Winter snow
Ani never any Night is, but where
bright angels be,
. - .. . a . . 1 A Lnnt
I ve maue ueneve i m momer uu ,
them close to me. I
IV !
I tend and tidy up the place, it's little
task to keep;
sing the songs that mother sang
wii'.e rock'ng them to sleep;
And when I've heard their evening
prayers 'tis then my prayer is
said
To f.sk God please vmerober. tc. etnd
their daliy bread.
V.
Sometimes it seems like "playin'
house," and folks have stopped
and smiled
To see a "Little Mother" who is only
just a child!
But Christmas times and all times I
keep the cheerful face
It's just what mother told me, and I'm
"Mother," in her place.
VI
I know that now they're dreaming
sweet dreams of Christmas Day
And I wish the Lights of Christmas
would shine the children's way,
Fr think, when comes the Christmas
with all good things to give.
That Santa Claus forgot them that
he don't know where they live!
VII.
Shine bright, you lights of Christ
inas guide angels down to you!
Shine on the dreaming of the poor and
make their dreams como true;
And lead the same. Kind Santa Claus
ia whom they all believe.
To homes where Little Mothers hang
the stccki:ig3. Christmas Eve.
Frank L Stanton.
UNKNOWN BENEFACTORS
-- - '
dependents that they were beneficia-1 tion, was to feel the pulses of hu- whirh has in a singular war crowne4
ries of the bolsheviki rubles which ; maulty which tad beaten irum ao
wepr alleeed to have been scattered i to ace through the universRit s oi
profusely about Berlin while Joffe j men who had penetrated to tho
was there, leads to the suggestion In I crcts of the human spirit,
some quarters that the Spartaeus j vVar of Systems.
group was nna.icea oui oi lunus ae- j ..And j ,jeree witll the illt!n,a:;jrl
posited here to the order of the leader i . i .,.
of the independents. Oscar Cchen. a wh:th h" bcun veyed
former reichstag member who is now ; the ternuie war tnrougn wmcn we and your own tnougnts, you reacnea
under secretary to the national minis- ; have just passed has not been only j glorious day the decision which is
try of justice. Cohen left her yes-i K. hllt ,,,, j one ot the greatest events recorded in
What if another sit beneath the shade i terdav for Moscow, ostensibly on of- I ' the war, and tn your own words.
Of the broad elm I planted by the iicU.!' business in connection wi:h the has been also a war between systems j p.;ue(1 ,he blood a.d all the power of
transfer of Russian prisoners. of cul'ure the one sy.itf ni ire as- .nurt' a ai me strut oi im; ithil.-
m i s-have
my academic career.
Speech of Poincare
In predentin? to President Wilson
the insignia and diploma of doctor in
the name of the University of Paris.
V ice Rertor Lucient Poincare said;
"History will recount how, taking
inspiration from the American people
What if another heed the beacon Jilit j The fart that M. Radek. w ho ren
reau, was in close toucn wun me or
ganization headed, by Dr. Karl Lieb
knecht is generally accepted as proof
that the funds furnished by Joffe were
Mberally placed at the disposal of the
Spartmt element, who suddenly
w
official
an executive terrorist campaign.
U'ontinui-d froin I'uito nr,
I set upon the rock that wrecked my; ducts the bcisheviki propi-'anda bu
keel
Have I not done my task and served
my kind?
Nay. rather act thy part unnuniea, un
known And let Fame blow her trumpet
through the world .
With noisy winds to swell a fool's
renown
Joined with some truth he stumbled
blindly o'er.
Or coupled with some simple shining
deed
That in the great account of all his
days
Will stand alone upon the bankrupt
sheet
His pitying angel shows the clerk of
heaven.
The noblest service comes from name
less hands.
And the best servant does his work
unseen.
Who forged in roaring flames the
ponderous stone
And shaped the molded metal to his
need?
Who gave the dragging car its rolling
wheel.
And tamed the steel that whirls its
circling round? '
All these have lett their work and not
their names
Why bhould I murmur at a fate like
theirs?
Oliver Wendell Holmes.
: gressivr
! conscience, stricuir.g lcirnfn,; oi
i moral restraints and usin every
) faculty of the human mind to do
i wrong to the whole nee; the nthcr
' system reminiscent of the hiih tra
i dition of men, reminiscent of all their
I ... . 1 tli:tn nhiltrp hilt
ere put in a position to establish 1, ,:;;,seh. revMie.j to history. of
system, usiiss se.t.ue wlUwat 11
j men of indomitable spirit everywhere
st ruffling toward the riht and seek-
CHILDREN DYING j " Spirit Would Dominate.
LACKING CLOTHES I -The triumph of fn-e.-iorn in lY.U
ANT finnn FOOD' war means that that spirit shall now
JlU KiVJULS r-wlydoniinate tke world. There is a gnat
wave of moral force iiiovins; through
'hp Viorld. and every man wao op-
wave will
go
BOLSHEVISTS ADVANCE
TOWARD GERMANY. TO
JOIN HUN LOYALISTS
r
(Continued from Page Oi.e
posts himself to thHt
down in disgrace.
"The task of those who ire gath
ered here, or will presently be gatli
t red to make the settlements of this
peace is greatly siniji-Xed by lii;
servants of man
kind. And if we do not neej ine
mandates of mankind we shall make
ourselves the most conspicuous and
dispicable representatives in the his-
lJ fact that they are
i one; tney are inu
sole-less ones.
"We h-arned
most of them
inonia because their parents cannot
buy milk needed to restore tnem to
health. Every hospital in the district,
he continued, knows hundreds more
underfed children many of whom are
! nhvsu-Mllv ur.able to continue their
studies. Of one of bis visit
school he said :
"In one room there were 1'- children.
A ragman would not have paid live
cents for all the clothing they wore.
Manv had no undergarments, ami
those who did could hardly a!l them I tory of tie WOrld
by that name, .uany were wunouii
j - .1 1 i 1. I 1
snoes aim u mtr nau niTi irei u .
.lv toiilrpuuu ui in ii '
,.amt. nations is just this-tl.at it shall op-
there without any breakfast. Some era e as - "m " , .;
. . j , .i . . u 1 nf me'i throughout the world cna tliai
kind people were giving the teach-1 m-' "uuf- ,,,. .,.i .....
',. , , whenever or wherever wroni; aim av-
er a Utile money every veek. a d . lanllea or conlcIlil,:alwi.
W!th that she purchased some milk , - -rMn lilit of conscience wi'.l
... .t , .1.,. i where will ask; What are me pu.-
wun ine nigii iui in urn ,,4 . t . .
. u .u... . .1 noses tii.it you hold in
hii,ir..n f:.ini...l iii ih.. class against tlx; tort'
room. Others were too weak to leave Exposure Settles Question.
i.n... oti.1 Hii.ii thorn 1:iTitiitriiifin was Tiwt n liirl t!w'ink will settle
uation. as industries were being "'en- t.a;j!ietitarvatiou;.- j m0!!t ,lu,.Slions. If the central powers
aced by the chronic unrest in tne i,au dared to dis- uss the purposes of
Silesian and Rhenish minin? districts. ,o fl)rtnUht, it
Herr Ricklet proposed Weimar, ! oCHULAKOrHr .lnl". k. h ,n.M,...t Vndif.
I as siiould be. they wire forced to tii--'
cuss it for the year, the war would
' 1... . lt..1 IllXAIVXiviV lVll
So I feel that this war is
(t ''inlinueil from imko ini
Outlines Nation League.
your hejxt
fortunes of the world?
capital of the Grand, Duchy of Saxe
Weimar Eisenach as the seat of the
first constituent assembly.
The general makeup of the conpress
was pronouncedly mediocre, as the
majority of members were from local
soldiers and workmen's councils hur
riedly orsanized in the early days or
the revolution. Tho fact that the con
gress convened at lU-rlin was responsi
ble for some embarrassing episodes,
such as invasion by soldiers and labor
ers. "Herr Scheideinann was loudly
cheered by the country members
when, in the course of his address,
he declared that Berlin was not Ger
many.
IS CONFERRED
ON PRESIDENT
posterity will salute with the sur
name. The Righteous President
Wilson."
President Makes Reply.
President Wilson, in a knowledtini!
I th. honor bestowed iinon him by the
University of Paris. saiJ: !
"I ."eel very keenly the di:;t inui.-lied ;
honor which has been conferred upon ; ' . '
me by the preu' I niverstiy of Paris. ' 1
and it is very dcluhiful to me also,
to have the honor (f belli; inducted !
into the great company of sc holars I
whofe life and fanv have made 'lie'
history of the University of i'arls ai
thins adtniiable aineiu men of ni'iti
vation in all part: of the world.
as has
been said more limn once today. In
timately related with the university
spirit. The 'iinherstiy spirit is in-
j tolerant or all things that put the im
I man mind under restraint. It is in
j tolerant of ever) thins that senks to
i retard the advancement of ideals, the
; acceptance of the truth, the purifica
tion of nr. Ana every umcrsnj
man can ally himself with the forces
resent time with the feeling
that now at last t ie spun oi iruin.
the spirit to which universities h.Ue
devoted theiiistlves, has prevailed and
premacy of right by means of an asso
ciation of peoples which should liber
ate the world."
M. Poincare paid honor to Amer
ican university professors for the un
failing sympathy they have nhown for
France and also to the American stu
dents who in such great number
came to fight beside their French stu
dent comrades.
"Many, alas." M. Poincare con
tinued, "will not return to their be
loved country, for they have fallen in
France, where, we trust, they felt
they were not on foreian soil and
where they have left to the youth of
the two republics an immortal exam
ple of a fraternal union. Glory to
these-American students! Glory to the
eminent professors of their univer
sities! And jtlory' you. Mr. Presi
dent, the first amongst them all""
REED STILL
TILTS WITH
MR. BRECKER
tfnniinuert from Pags OncV
asked iena-
Hearst. would von not?"
tor Kiftl.
'I should be suspicious of almost
anything tha Mr. Hears; did, an"!
that does not apply to Mr. Morgan,"
Mr. Hrecker replied.
"That is what I thouKht." Senator
Reed restorted. "You would be u
pii ions of almost anything he did.
and so comes your testimony to be
read in that liiht "
"Yes." the witness said. "I am very
suspicious of Mr. Hearst I admit it.
I think his record justifies it."
"Tiien he probably entertains an
equally fit opinion of you." Senator
Reed replied.
Hearst Is Welcome.
WcU. God bless him." ll-ecker re
p'.I.'d. "He is wc!rotttH to it. and he
probably will express it in bis paper
and this is my only chance."
The senate committee has placed
in the records a letter from Dr. l-iur-iiz
l.arsen, secretary of the National
Lutheran council, declaring th
church is loo pel cent loyal, entirely
American and is not subsidized in any
way by the Prussian state church
The chinch is pleoired to the exclusive
use of the Kntlish language excer-l
when it is Impossible to administer
spiritual correlation in that tongue,
it wa3 explained.
PHOENIX PEANUT INDUSTRY
PAPER PREDICTS SCANDAL
P.EUL1N, Friday, Dec. 20, (My the
Associated Press.) The socialist
...... L -. V,,ru. u,.rlU lil l'llicts tllHt
iho'thP in Hiii iiart of the disclosures I Theory of Education. has be;u my private privilege Insulin:
r v.inlf l..if.. fni-nicr blosheviki ami -w what vou have said. cir. of the .measure to interpiet the university
liassador in Merlin, .will, shortly be i th,Hrv of education which his be.-n ' spirit in lie public lite of
forthcoming, in view of the former , followed in France and which I have
Russian diplomat's declaration that ho tried to promote in the United states,
no loimer owes to Hugo Haase. ttireign I I am tempted to veiimie .upon
is triumtihant.
Crown. Academic Career. PHOENIX. ArU., Dec. 21.-TUe pea-
"U' tin ie is one poinl of pride that ut groWing imlustry in the Salt riv-
1 venture to enten.iin, It is t.iat u or valley of Arizona had made a Ions
minister in tho Kbcrt cabinet, the
consideration duo a former friend and
political ally. Ilerr Haase jettisoned
Jiil'te by declaring that the latter
merely supplied him with dat i for
speeches in the reichstag.
The categorical denial by the in-
favorite theme. I have always llietmnt
that tin: chief object of education as
to awaken the spirit, and that, i 'as
much as h liiera'iuv lieiieM-r il has
t()llcbfl its l-reil lM,l higher llo'es
was an cspressiou et the sph it of :n.ri
kind, the best iiidmtion :nio cuiua
Krcat na
tion, and I feM tliat in uonuiiux u'v
today in this utmsii.il and yonspiciiv'1
manner you have first of all tuiiiovcd
the people whom I represent. The
spiiit that I try to express I know
to be their spirit, and in proportion
as I serve them 1 believe thai I ad
ance the cause of frecdori
wish to thank "ii. .-ir. tnvn the
stride ahead in the last year. From
a few scattered acres of a year ago
the acreage planted to peanuts in this
section has grown until it now reaches
ln"0 acres.
The product is of the highest qual
ity and the yield to the acre averages
Jim pounds.
i The greater part of the crop has
been used locally, t'spccnliy in the
I manufacture of peanut butter, for
which a lai'iie factory has been built
bottom of my heart, for a distinction . in Phoenix. THE BIS BEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 22, 1918.
FIVE
T
- 3
.1
- 1
t
4
4.
State and County News Briefs
County News
Just ten days more for the niinrods
to shoot quail.
5'ord from the Huachuca reservoir
yesterday was to the effect that a
heavy snow was fulling all day.
and crappics, will arrive within about
two weeks and are supplied to the
company without cost, the hatcheries
bureau to ship them as if Nacozari
was within the United States.
Lieutenants Meil and Sloan and ten
men have arrived from Fort Clark,
Tex. They are engaged in the con
struction and wiring of Camp Harry
Jones.
A wire received from Pvt. C. P.
Giragi, one of the publishers of the
Daily Prospector, says that he will
arrive in Tombstone Tuesday on a
10-day furlough for the holidays. He
ii stationed at Penn field. Austin,
', ex , in the wireless division of the
ai.- service.
It is said that Mrs. A. Klaw, lately
owner aud manager of the Cottage
hotel at Tombstone, is to be house
keeper of the Santa Rita in Tucson.
If the report is true it will add greatly
to the popularity of the Santa Kita, as
Mrs. Klaw is well qualified to till the
position in that large hostelry.
i;any tourists are passing westward
over the Borderland and all of them
are taking note of the road work now
being done on the Borderland, and
they will be living witneses of the ex
cellence of this route.
It is more than likely that a sec
tion of the work being built by Toohey
Bros, will be opened for use between
Curtis Flat and Tombstone. The in
tention if now to have them complete
the work fully from the Benson end so
that the public can get the earliest
use of it.
Miss Mary Albright, teacher of
commercial subjects ac me high
school at Douglas, resigned her posi
tion and left for Los Angeles, where
she was called by the serious illness
of her sister. Her place will be
taken by Miss Ann Bracken of Beld-
! ing, Mich. Miss Bracken is a grad
uate of Gregg business college of Chi
cago and the state normal school at
Ypsilantl, Mich. She has not arrived
yet.
The proposed calling of the civil
calendar brought almost every attor
ney in the county to Tombstone yes
terday to attend court, as follows:
YV. E. Abraham, H. E. Pickett. J. A.
Boyle, D. Benshimol. W. C. McFar
land, Bruce Stephenson. H. L. Noble.
D. A. Richardson, F. M. Doan. all of
Douglas; Alex. Murry, E. A. Flanni
gan. Rod McDonald, S. K. Williams,
i S. H. Kyle and C. T. Knapp, Bisbee.
and A. A. Anderson, W illcox.
The Mocteuma Copper company at
Nacozari, Sonora, has ordered 10.000
minnows from the United States gov
ernment and will place them in a lake
near Nacozari, the idea being to raise
the fish food food purposes. The min
nows, which are classed as fingerlings
Jim Kelly, formerly of Tombstone,
I but now located at Carr canyon,
! where he has mining and cattle inter
1 ests, was a visitor in Tombstone en
1 route home from Douglas. He reports
! that the snow there yesterday was a
i foot and a half deep, which is seri
ously hampering work on his t:i.:,,
sten mines, which he and S. A. (..:. c.
ner of Douglas are operating, om, :
a small force of men are at work. He i
reports that the Exposed iteei nunc !
is finding it hard to keep workmen
there since the many deaths there
from Influenza.
It is expected that the Douglas
Chamber of Commerce and Mines
soon will be . called upon to take up
with the city of Douglas the matter
of providing a landing place and
hangar for the United States Aerial
Mail service. Although arrangements
have been made for a place to land
on the army drill grounds, it not
believed that it Is permanent. The
government Is planning to increase i
the aerial mail service extensively,
and eventually it will require facili
ties for keeping at all stopping placet
extra machines to be placed in com
mission whenever the craft carrying
the mall breaks down. This naturally
will make it necessary to have hang
ars here.
$100,000. according to the Arizona Ga
eite. Tne suit grows out oi lue print-
aCCOUllUi O. il rutCill COall case
u. v.uicn Holliiiswoilu wa& aelt uU
. !'t. mo suit aaiiiat iloliintswoim
..-o luier uiswisscU.
li -lbrook: Bad woalher has Yauscil
..-.pension of operations laiet.v ou lae
uii properties near tins point. Tue
i-K-Iu company bus resumed arilnug,
wku a reservoir tuii of water troiu
the rains. Tne Adamana company
is installing casing, secure 1 iroui Gal
lup. 'Ihe HolorooK company has pur
chased one of the drilling rigs used
in Chino valley, north of l-rescoit, and
is moving it to its ground.
(hat have been worked by placer min
ers tor many years. Little color I
shows on nio suriac e of the quartz'
and any esiiniales of tne permanent
value oi the find are considered mere
speculation.
About the State
Prescott: The Prescott division of
the Mountain States Telephone &
Telegraph company has been made a
part of the Phoenix division, making
this the largest single division of the
entire system, according to reports
here. E. P. Seanion of El Paso has
been chosen local manager at Pres
cott, succeeding the late R. M. Bueh-ler.
Phoenix: Suit bas been entered
against the Gazette Printing company
in the name of Charles Hollingsworth,
asking for damages to the amount of
I
Nogales: E. M. Lawton, American ;
consul at Nogales, Sonora, will leave
about the first of the year for Guate
mala, where he will become the Amer
ican consul. Mr. Lawton was form
erly American consul in the southern
republic, and it is understood he is
making the change of station upon his
personal request. Mr. Lawton has
been here about a year. He relieved
Fred Simpich, former consul here. It
is not known who will relieve Mr.
Lawton.
Phoenix: B. M. Atwood, state
engineer, returned yesterday from
Chicago, where he attended the con
vention of the National Good Roads
association. The convention was one
of the most important ever heid in
the country in regard to roads, says
Mr. Atwood. It is -expected that the
immediate result will be action by
congress that will give a great im
petus to road building throughout the
United States, by which Arizona will
proportionately benefit.
jjalome: The new Jonnson smue.
15 miles southeast of Quartzsite, is re
ported to have been sold to a St.
Louis company for $30,000, most of
the sum to be paid at once. Goid is
found in a myriaj 1 of narrow, pure
white quartz veins, just above gulches
Yuma: The report of tile engineers
o the Ail-American canal project has
been submitted with estimates show
ing that the vast project that includes
both the Imperial valley and Yuma
reclamation projects, will cost over
$31,000,000. The report rendered is
that o a survey authoried under reso
lution some time ago and there will
have to be a vote taken among Im
perial wateruscrs to determine as to I
whether they will agree to their share !
of the AU-American project that will, I
of course, be a much smaller suml
than the cost of construction of the
entire system.
I'hoenix: Harry Earl Stephens of
Yavapai county, who was convicted
of the murder of A. H. Miller, an
employe of his father, on a ranch
near Prescott last April, and who was
sentenced to the penitentiary for life,
will be given a ne wtrial. The su
preme court yesterday reversed the
judgment of the lower court and or
dered the case remanded. Stephens
is little more than a boy. There had
been trouble between his mother and
father, and Miller was believed to be
at the bottom of it. Threats had been
made, and on the night of April 2 of
this year, young Stephens shot and
killed Miller.
been declared responsible. She says
she has been directed in a vision to
the accomplishment of the work.
Phoenix: The office of the adju
tant general is preparing to close up
the business relating to the selective
draft and thing that the whole mat
ter may be disposed of in about a
month. It is now engaged in sending
back to' the local boards lists of de
serters and is receiving similar lists
from otner states. It is estimated
that the number of persons who will
be classed as deserters in this state
will be not less than 6000. It is
further estimated that the number
throughout the country will be in ex
cess of the number of men inducted
into service.
the meeting of the National Associa
tion of Mohair Growers, held at Phoe
nix last week. The meeting were
most successful and it was again
shown that the futare of goat raising
in this state is exceptionally promis
ing. Already Arizona ranks third
among the goat raising states of the
union and the advantages possessed
for this industry in every particular
are many. At the meeting of the Na
tional Association of Mohair Growers
there were many delegates from Ore
gon, California, Texas, New Mexico
and Missouri. The association is a
strong one and is taking an active
part in the marketing of mohair.
Phoenix: Miss Bertha Smith of
this city, who prefers to be known as
"Bride-elect," has incorporated a
$2,000,000 company for the purpose of
building an international and inter
denominational temple of worship in
Paradise valley, a northeastern exten
sion of the Salt River valley, north
of Scottsdale. Several local women
have joined with her in the effort.
Miss Smith has had inquiry in court
concerning her competency, but has
Phoenix: Bush Anderson, chief of
the Phoonix traffic squad, announced
today that efforts are afoot to organ
ize a state trr.ffic officers' association
for Arizona immediately after the
first cf tr.e year, to affiliate with the
National 7 rattle Officers' association.
Anderson was officially appointed at
a meeting -of the national association
in Oakland, Cal., last summer, as or
ganier for Aiiona. One of the first
things to be considered by the Arl
ona association will be bright head
lights and their elimination.
Phoenix: The food administration
announces a reduction in the price of
meat through voluntary action by all
of the meat dealers of Yuma. Bisbee,
Douglas. Kingman, Winslow. Flagstaff
and Williams and by the Tribolet
company in Phoenix, averaging nearly
5 cents a pound. This comes as a di
rect result of a state-wide probe by
the federal food authorities into the
meat situation. Government inspec
tors have been working for several
weeks psjt checking prices and study
ing margins of profit.
Tucson : Dr. R. H. Williams, profes
sor of animal husbandry at the univer
sity, attended the annual meeting of
the Arizona Goat Breeders' and also
The George Washington's farewell
toot did not sound anything like
Washington's farewell warning
against entanglement in European af
fairs. Washington Post.
It! i: SlHM'JIiiii ilfi.i U;
it--! -n
ii
: ; !
t ;J MARINELLO l-l (
I -J i Ti- - Tonic V
New Preparation.
Amazing results.
Cleanse acaln aiti
.pnco&y. Stop tail
ing nair. Eliminates
and prerems dandruff.
Reduces ony condition.
Enlivens growth, in
sures abundance of
Iu3troirc,hrai;hy.heav7
hair.
McDonald's
Phone 305 .
ii!!iiiiiiili!t!-H?!!:
LIiuLiLi.k.LijjJLLLLiUkiJ
REVIEW WANT AOS FOR RESULTS
mi
I I! I. t
I
Announcement!
3E
1
It has been a very great pleasure to gather together in our grocery department all the foods that will help this Christmas dinner to be one of the best, and we trust that you will have the same satisfaction in
useing these goods that we have had in collecting them.
Year after year we have had so much to use in this country that we have never had to question from where it came. But from now on we are asked by the Food Administration to guard ourselves against
food waste. While the remainder of the world is needing food as they do now, it is the least we can do to guard here against waste. In the comming year we should prepare for our tables only what we know
will be consumed at that meal and with any food that may be left over we can easily prepare some tasty dish for the meal following. We are not asked to stint ourselves in any way. We are asked to save the
foods that formerly we have wasted and send the food saved to those over seas. They will be greatly helped and we will be the better for this slight service to them. Eat plenty, but do not waste.
r resi
i
Ca
flifof
hia rraii
and Vegetables
We will receive Monday morning a fine selection of California fresh fruits and vegetables. Particular
care has been given to the selection of these vegetables and we suggest that you buy early Monday
morning, so you will be able to get the fresh new goods. Listed here is a very complete assortment of
seasonable vegetables:
Vegetables
FRENCH ARTICHOKES
BELL PEPPERS
GREEN BEANS
WAX BEANS.
LIMA BEANS
BRUSSELS SPROUTS
RED CABBAGE
GREEN CHILI
GREEN CORN
WATER CRESS
EGG PLANT
BLUE RIBBON CELERY
FRESH HORSERADISH
LETTUCE
LEEKS
MINT '
GREEN ONIONS
OYSTER PLANT
PARSLEY
GREEN PEAS
RHUBARB
WHITE RADISHES
SUMMER SQUASH
FRESH PEARS
PERSIMMONS
FRESH PINEAPPLES
FOMEGRANATES
CAULIFLOWER
HOT HOUSE CUCUMBERS
FRESH OKRA
GUAVAS
FRESH ASPARAGUS
CREAM SQUASH
JERSEY SWEET POTATOES
CHIVES
ESCAROLE
CHICORY
TURNIPS
CARROTS
WHITE CABBAGE
RED CABBAGE
PARSNIPS
Glace Fruits
Lyon's assorted Glace Fruits, I lb $ .85
Lyon's assorted Glace Fruits, 2 lbs $1.65
This box of glace fruit, packed in beautiful mis
sion boxes, makes an ideal Christmas gift, especi
ally for mailing:
Crystalized Ginger, Yl lb. boxes.
Crystalized Ginger .1 lb. boxes. '
Stem Gir.ger Yi lb. boxe3.
A tin of this ginger will make a good afterdinner
confection.
Dromedary nut-stuffed Gates in Yl lb. glass ...50c
Extra Fancy Pulled Fig3, 24-oz. boxes, box. ...80c
Cresca Brand Fruit Cakes
These cakes are the best from the east. Turkish
delight, a fancy box of assorted Turkish
paste, with nuts $ .75
Marons Glace in tin, small tins $1.00
Marons Glace in tin, large tins $1.75
Jams and Jellies
Monarch jams and jclher. are looked upon as lit::
last wcrd in purity, flavor, cleanliness. V.'c K;ivc
all varieties in I 7-oz. class.
Fresh Fruits
We have just received a car of Sunkist naval
oranges in prices from 25c to 90c per dozen.
These are highly colored and sweet oranges and
will add to your christmas dinner.
We also received Saturday a car of Hood River
extra fancy apples. This car contains extra fancy
Spitzenbergers and extra fancy Ortleys. Both
are specially high grade apples.
Fancy Phoenix grape fruit as sold here will
add to vour Christmas breakfast.
Candy
We will have a shipment for Christmas of the
famous Cactus Candy m one and two pound
bcxes.
, Lowney's good candies in half-pound and
pound boxes from 50c to $1.50
Ramers fancy candies, in packages, one-half
pound, one pound, two pounds and three
pounds, from 50c to $6.00
Nuts
Almonds, Brazil, Cocoanuts, Filberts, Pecans,
Walnuts, at the pound 50c to 50c
A CUP OF GOOD AFTER DINNER COFFEE
will rrld to your satisfaction. Most people will
vzz our MAMCR HOUSE or SFZCIAL M. & J.
COFFEE.
Poultry
It is not necessary to again mention the quality of
our grain fed poultry. We will sell for Christmas
the same grade of poultry that we offered at
Thanksgiving time.
TURKEYS, GEESE, DUCKS, HENS,
SPRINGERS, FRYERS
These Turkeys are finished on corn and milk arid
are plump and juicy. Sold with head and feet off.
Eat our Virginia sausage for Christmas breakfast.
Meats
For the few who do not care for poultry, we have
ordered fanciest cuts of Kansas City grain fed
lambs, young beef, veal (suckling) lamb, young
grain fed pigs, raised on alfalfa fields, and fin
ished on corn. Any steak cut you buy this
week will give you the same degree of satisfac
tion that our poultry will give.
Oysters and Pickles
For your oyster cocktail or oyster dressing we will
reecive an extra supply of extra selected oysters
in tins, 30's and bulk.
We have a complete line of new packed pickles
and relishes, catsups, sauces, etc. Have you ever
used a dash of Salsa Diablo in your oyster cock
tail? We have small bottles at 15c
We suggest a box of BALTIMORE or ROI-TAN
or INTERNATIONAL CIGARS. Buy these and
you will be safe. In cigarettes we offer a pack
age any sie of Pall Malls. Phillip Morse, Egyp
tian Luxuries, Rameses, Murads, Etc.
v : v& SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 22, 1918.
BRITISH SIHG :AU8TR1ANS (SOW
WATCH ON RHINE
ID WITH TRUTH
linNAAT
NDHUNT
OVER
CONDUCT OF WAR
LONDON'. Dee. 10 (Correspondence
cf the Associated rress). According!
iP.V Ri'VifK 1..1SI Wive)
VIKN.VA, Thursday. Dec. i:, (Rent
ier's. (Popular indignation over the
to a reiurned British prisoner, who I general cotei'iit of the war, especially
was at Liberty in Berlin during: the. i the "brutality, arrogant e and iiicom-
revoiuuon mere, ueuiscmana
Alles," "The Watch on the Rhine" ani
' strian military communuers, lounu t x-
im-.-isiun in a resolution adopted by
similar patriotic songs are just now the Gentian Austrian national assent n
highly unpopular in the German cani-ly todiiy, demanding the appointment
tal I of a commission to iu-vsuvaie the
... ; cause of Austria! !!n';:iry's military
1 uree i-.ngusn Civilians 11:1 c ; .ii..n-..
. HUNGER DRAWS THE MAP
celebrated the signing of tlie armis
tice, were coming down the 1'nder
der Linden, sinking "The Watch on
the Rhine," when they were stepped
by German soldiers who said they
ought to be ashamed of themselves
for singing such rubbish.
"I've cotne from the Khine," one of
them remarked. "You gf) down there
and try to keep watch, and then you
won't sing so much about it."
"But we are English," one of the
civilians replied.
"But we are English," one of the
civilians replied. j
"What!" exclaimed the astonished '
soldier, "then why sing "The Watch
on the Rhine?' " j
"Well," grinned the Englishman, j
"you see WE are keeping It now." !
WOMAN ADMITS SHOOTING
MAN FOR SMALL SUM
Bv Review Kas! TV! re)
YOrXGSTOWX. O., Dec. 21. As a
result of the alleged confession Thurs
day last, at Elmyra. X. Y., of Mildred
Gunderman, alias Dolores Smith, that
she shot and killed Leo Martin here
last September, a warrant charging
murder was issued and she will be
brought here probably, from Elmira
eraly next week.
Search is being made here for a
taxi driver, who she said pave her
$100 to kill Martin and furnished the
revolver.
In a vigorous debate on the grave
charges advanced against high of
ficers, it was declared members of the
imperial family, regardless of age or
military capacity, had been given
commands with th? most disastrous
results. A field marshal who com
manded an expedition against Serbia
was denounced as responsible for the
death of thousands whom he drove to
slaughter, insufficiently munitioned,
fn! and clothed. Some of the depu
ties declared that lie ought to ie
hanged.
The niot intense hatred against the
entire body is developing among
civilians These officers are accused
I publicly of wholesale thefts during the
j war; of living luxuriously and pennii
! ting their wives to wear costly jew-
elry. while the masses starved.
: The Vienna newspapers urge the in
' vestigating committee to begin work
I before the commanders implicated are
j able to destroy documentary proof of
' their guilt.
gTI Famine " Condition?'
Food Shortage approchmg famine P
Serious Food Shortage
rrr Sufficient Pf eserX Food Supply
tiid Bui future Sertoli?
pro People already: receiving
tiU American aid .
PJ Unclassified
DECEMBER 1,
MANY FOREIGNERS 'Mi DEAD; IW
AT DFPPDTIflM TA FIMH U
HI IlLlLf llUil IU MilU I
TEKING. Oct. 27. I Correspondence
of the Associated 1'ress. ) More than
a hundrej foreign men and women
attended a reception given by Presi
dent Hsu Shlnc-hang - and Mnie. Hsu
in the historic imperial palace yester
day afternoon. The diplomatic es
tablishments, the press and the busi
ness world were represented in i ""!.
list of some 500 Invited guests.
(IMAM
U'lHl
(Ry Review Leased Wire)
MILWAUKEE, Wis.. Dec. 21. A
postmortem ot the body of a well
dressed man about 30 years old. found
in a ditch two miles south of the city
this morning was followed by a report
to the coroner by physicians that
death was caused by suffocation and a
fractured skull.
A brick covered with blood was
I found a short distance from the body.
As this was the first social fur.c-1 A working contract found on the body
tion on. a large scale in which the; was made out to William Romaizew
new executive had participated since j ski.
his inauguration, the event wa.4 of! The fact that no traces of a strug
unusual interest, apparently to the'gle could be found leads the police to
Chinese guests as well as to foreign-1 believe the man probably was murder
ers. Utmost simplicity characterized ' ed while riding in an automobile ana
the affair. The big audience cham-jhis body thrown into the ditch
ber. doubtless the scene of epoch- j With the finding of a woman's
making events m the past, was dec-; daintily perfumed and embroidered
j orated with chrysanthemums and handkerchief in one of the man's coat
! asters. A military band heralded the I pockets, the police are working on the
j entrance of the president, who took i theory that a woman has some know
a post before a gigantic floral ryra- ledge of the crime.
raid in the center of the hall. i
ARRAIGNED FOR ROBBERY
WILL SING TO MEN
fBr Review vutl Wtr )
CAMP KEARXY. San Diego, Calif..
Dec. 21. Announcement was made to
day by the Rev.. Father M. f Keating.
Knights of Columbus chaplain at trie
camp, that Mnie. Ernestine Sehiimann
Heink, the singer, would make a fly
ing trip to Southern California before
SAX FRANCISCO. Dec. 21. Alfred
Howell, aiias Alfred Young, alias S.
A. Howell, former Denver mailwagon
driver, was arraigned today before
I'nited States Commissioner Thomas
E. Haydeu. charged with rifling a
mail sack at Denver. Federal auth
orities say they will prove that How
ell obtained $17.Y0'n in negotiable
checks from the G-eat Western Sugar
company, recovery of one of which
led to his arrest. 'Commissioner Hay
den will decide Monday whether How
ell will be taken to Der.ver for trial.
ALIEN PLANT SOLD.
STOMFORD. Conn.. Dec. 21. The
chocolate and cocoa manufacturing
Christmas from Chicago to sing to the j plant of Stollwerck Bros., Inc., was
men at the tamp on Christmas eve. : sold at auction here today by order
She wiil sing, it is announced, at a . of A. Mitchell Palmer, alien property
solemn military mass at midnight. j custodian. The property passed to
This will be the second Christmas i the connol of 'he Toureir..? company
that the noted Finger has sung here, cf lUt'.v for $1. 563,3511.
OF JEWELRY, DIAMONDS and
WATCHES Aniie Racket Jewelry Store
Our
For Two Days Only
Genuine Diamond Rings, value $40.00, special. $23.00
Genuine Diamond Ear-Rings, value $35, special.. $15.25
Genuine Diamond Lavallieres., value $ 1 2. 50,
special $ 6.50
Genuine Cameo Lavaliier, value $9.00, special. .$ 4.75
Solid Gold Rings, value $4.50, special 2.25
A 1 5-jewel Bracelet Watch, value $27, special.... $16.50
A Solid Gold pair of Cuff Buttons, value $4.00,
special $ 2.65
A Solid Gold Stick Pin. value $3.00, special $ 1.50
A Silverine Cigarette Case, value $5.00, special. .$ 2.50
A Jewelry Box, value $3.00, special $ 1.65
WE STILL HAVE A LARGE SELECTION OF
DOLLS AND TOYS AT LOW PRICES
We are also selling out entirely our cut glass. You can
get great bargains on it.
Also a great line of jewelry ?nd toliet sets at very low
prices. All engraving free of charge.
LIBERTY BONDS AND STAMPS ACCEPTED
aeket Je
velry
Store
BREWERY GULCH
A little out of the way, but it pays to walk
' A food map of Europe today ghowi
' Dot a single country In which the fu
ture does not bold -threat of serious
j difficulties and only a small part which
i Is not rapidly approaching the famine
point With the exception of the
Ukraine only those countries which
have maintained marine commerce
have sufficient food supplies to meet
J actual needs until next harvest, and
even In the Lfcrame, with stores accu
mulated on the farms, there Is famine
In the large centers of population.
Belgium and northern France, as
well as Serbia, appear on the hanger
map distinct from the rest of Europe
because they stand In a different rela
tion from the other nations to the peo
ple of the United States. America has
for four years maintained the small
war rations of Belgium and northern
France and Is already making special
efforts to . care for their Increased
after-the-war needs, which, with those
of Serbia, must be Included In this
plan, are urgent In the extreme and
must have Immediate relief.
The gratitude of the Belgian nation
ror tne neip America nas extended to
her during the war constitutes the
strongest appeal for us to continue our
work there. The moment the German
armies withdrew from her soil and she
lM established once more In her own
sent of government the little nation's
first thought was to express her grati
tude to the Commission for Relief in
Belgium for preserving the Uvea of
millions of her citizens.
Germany, on the other hand, need
not figure in such a map for Ameri
cans because there is no present indi
cation that we shall be called on at all
to take thought for the food needs of
Germany. Germany probably can care
for ber own food problem If she is
given access to shipping and is enabled
to distribute food to the cities with
dense populations, which are the trou
ble centers. e
England, France, the Netherlands
and Portugal, all of which have been
maintained from American supplies,
have sufficient food to meet Immediate
needs, but their future presents seri
ous difficulties. The same Is true of
Spain and the northern neutral coun
tries Norway, Sweden and Denmark
whose ports have been open and who
have been able to draw to some degree
upon foreign supplies.
Most of Russia is already In the
throes of famine, and 40,000,000 people
there are beyond the possibility of
help. Before another ' spring thou
sands of them inevitably must die.
This applies as well to Poland and
pracUcally throughout the Baltic re
gions, with conditions most serious in
Finland.
Bohemia, Serbia, Roumanln and
Montenegro have already reached the
famine point and tire suffering a liruvy
toll of death. The Armenian popula
tion Is falling each week ns hunger
takes its toll, and in Greece, Albania
and Roumania so serious are the food
shortages that famine is near. Al
though starvation is not yet imminent,
Italy, Switzerland, Bulgaria and Tur
key are in Uie throes of serious strin
gencies. In order to fulfill America's pledge
In world relief we will have to export
every ton of food which can be han
dled through our rorts. This mentis at
the very least a minimum of 20,000.000
tons compared with 6,000,000 tons pre
war exports and 11,820,000 tons ex
ported last year, when we were bound
by the ties of war to the European
allies.
If we fan to lighten the block snots
on the hunger map or If we allow ap
portions to become darker the very
pence for which we fought and Weil
will be threatened. Revolt and anarchy
Inevitably follow" famine. Should this
happen we will see In other parts of
Europe a repetition of the Russian de
bade and our fight for world peace
will have been in vain.
COMMUNITY TREE ,
PLAN COMPLETED
BY COMMITTEE
CHAIRMEN REBUKE
BOAT OWNERS FOR
WAGE REFUSAL
AT MEETING HELD, LAST EVEN
ING IT WAS DECIDED TO HAVE
TREE AT Y. W. C. A. AND PUBLIC
IS INVITED TO ATTEND; PRO
GRAM ARRANGED
At a meeting of the entire com
munity Christmas tree committee,
Saturday evening, plans for this affair
to be held at the Y. W. C. A. Christ
mas eve, were completed.
Mr. Hilburn Ruff and Miss McCurdy
who head these committees have
shown evidence of much work to
make this affair not only appropriate
for the greatest day in the whole
year, but have arranged an entire pro
gram for the entertainment of all
those who attend.
Mrs. Charlotte Gill is to ha in
charge of the musical program, which
is to be quite a feature in itself.
A very cordial invitation is extend
ed to all who can come. Things will
be started prophtly at S p. m.
FORMER PRESIDENT TAFT AND
BASIL MANLEY, JOINT HEADS
OF WAR LABOR BOARD HOLD
THAT WAR IS NOT ENDED UN
TIL PEACE TREATY IS SIGNED
NEW YORK, Dec. 21 Refusal of
associations representing harbor boat
owners here to submit to arbitration a
dispute with their employes regard
ing pay and working hours was re
sulted in the wage adjustment board,
but that the resignations had not been
I acted upon.
I A strike of the harbor workers,
I which would affect officers and crews
i of tugs, lighters, ferryboats and ali
I craft operating here, except those un
I der control of the railroad adminis
j tration, would practically tie up traffic.
YANKS TAKE OVER
MUNITION FORTRESS
AMERICAN ARMY OF OCCUPA
TION. Friday, Dec. 20, (Uy the Associ
ated Press.) The German authorities
began today turning over to the Amer
ican third army large quantities of
material which will require sev-
The president is a medium-sized
man. stockily built, with a pleading
countenance and a reassuring .mii .
He was attired In frock Buit 'and
looked the up-to-date eastern digni
tary. He negotiated the ordeal of
handkerchiefs with all the ease and
dignity of a western public official.
Since' he speaks neither French nor
English. Dr. Charles D. Tenney, Chi
nese secretary of the American, Jega
tion .acted as introducer for a time.
SUFFRAGE FOR JAPAN.
presenting several members of the
diplomatic corps., but presently even
that formality was abandoned.
This ceremony finished, the presi
dent joined Mme. Hsu who. mean
while, ii.s holding a reception in an
inner apartment for the women
guests. A tea in studied foreign style
was served, after which guests were
invited to view a collection of por
traits of emperors and empresses dat
ing back to the foundation of the empire.
CANCEL LABOR IMPORTATION
(Bv Review Leased Wlr
WASHINGTON. Dec. 21. No per
mits for the importation of Mexican
and West Indian labor will he grant
ed, the department of labor announced
today, and permits already granted
will be void after January 15. Aliens
permitted to enter temporarily for
war work will be repatriated gradu
ally, without interfering with agricul
tural or other work now in progress.
Mexicans admitted as agricultural
laborers will be permitted to remain
for the present agricultural season or
until the particular work for which
they were admitted has been completed.
TOKOI. Nov. 21. Addressing the
prefeetu! governors of the empire,
Takejiro Tokonami. the home min
ister in the new era party cabineu
indicated the other day tnat the gov
ernment would bring about a revi
sion of the suffrage system so as to
promote constitutional government in
Japan, The present suffrage in Japan
is extremely limited. Local self-gov-
I ernment, he said, also would be ex
tended. - -
The minister paid a tribute to the
patriotism and devotion of the allies
in the present war. He said: "It is
a remarkable fact that every natio't
has, on account of the war. enormous
ly strengthened its national ideas.
The unity and solidarity so well
achieved by the allied nations, have
been accomplished by the virtue of
individual initiative on the part of
the people. The urgent need for us is
that the admirable qualities inherent
to our national character be fully de
veloped through the awakening of
each individual, thus will the noblest
traits of Our national life be perfected.
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
Dr. Harriet I. Johnson
OSTEOPATHIC PHYSICIAN
Diseases of women and children a
specialty. Oafice over Oilman's
Jewelry Store. Phone 763.
hiikeri fnriav hv the national war labor ! war
board, which overruled their claim j eral ,rains to transport. Included in
that the New York harbor wage ad- the artillery given up by the Germans
justment board, created under an Ve 760 euns of IarSe calibre, and
agreement with their men, had gone I 'ary 30 0(),) machine guns.
out of existence wltn me signing oi
INVITATIONS SENT OUT TO
ATTEND WELCOME HOME
WASHINGTON. Dec. 21. Invi
tations to attend the welcome
home ceremonies at New York on
December 26, of the battleship
squadron returning from service
in European waters, were sent by
the navy department today to
members of the cabinet and their
wives, the governors of all states,
members of the senate and house
naval committees, the military and
naval representatives of the allied
nations in Washington and the
wives of the commanding officers
on duty with the fleet.
The battleships New Mexico
and Mississippi with a large num
ber of destroyers will be sent to
meet the fleet near Fire Island
lightship.
TWO DESTROYERS LAUNCHED.
NEWPORT NEW!?, Va.. Dec. 21
Two destroyers, the Semnies and the
Satterlo. were launched today at the
yards of the Newport News Ship
building & Drydock company. The
Semnies was named for Admiral
Raphael Retnmes, commander of the
Alabama, famous as a Confederate
cruiser, and the Saterlee for ('apt
the armistice.
Former President William H. Taft
and Basil Manly, joint chairmen of
the war labor board, dismissed the.
contention of the employers that Pres
ident Wilson in saying to congress,
"thus the war comes to au end." had
proclaimed peace. They also denied
a secondary plea of the boat owners
that the wage adjustment board had
been dissolved by resignation of some
of its members and advised that im
mediate steps be taken to fill the
vacancies. Consequently, they Mated,
both employeis and' employes . were
bound by their agreement of May last
to submit throughout the war all dif
ferences to the wage adjustment
board, citing in emphasiing the urg
ency of such action, "the necessity of
food being shipped to Europe for the
civilian populations and our forces
under arms across the sea."
Previous to the reading of the de
cision by Mr. Taft. the boat owners
announced that they wete wining to
arbitrate the wage question, but not
before the wage adjustment hoard,
which they considered "without au
thority." A basic 8-hour day, they as
serted, was impracticable for harbor
craft
The owners' delegates left the con
ference without any intimation as to
whether their attitude had been
changed by the war labor board's de
cree. During the hearing, called with the
hope of avoiding a threatened strike
of t!ie harbor workers
OCCUPY COBLENZ FORTRESS
COBLENZ, Friday, Dec. 20 The
German fortress of Ehrenbreitstein,
sometimes called the Gibraltar of the
Rhine, on the opposite bank of the
river from Coblenz, was occupied by
American troops today. The comman
der of the American forces is Col.
Robert Boyers, a West Point graduate
of l'.KK!.
MARINES CONTROL RHINE
COBLENZ. Friday. Dec. 19. (By the
Associated Press.) American marines
who began patrolling the Rhine today
control river traffic from Coblenz to
beyond Remagen. All traffic on the ;
Rhine is under the regulation of an
inter-allied commission. Freight Is
not allowed to cross the river from
the west. All boats entering either
end of the American sector must pre
sent papers showing the destination of
the cargo and other details.
A policing system for the Rhine in
the vicinity of Coblenz and Neuwied
has also been inaugurated, the mili
tary police using motor boats requisi
tioned from the Germans.
The marines and river patrol are
under command of Lt. Col. Julien L.
Dodge of San Francisco, provost
marshal of Coblenz.
-
Merry Xmas
WiHwhih ' Will
r-r jt-cj
2
JOHNSON'S wish all of their
patrons and friends the Season's
KINDLIEST GREETINGS.
And:
We want you to have the Very Choicest Meat for your
Xmas dinner.
QUARREL BRINGS TRAGEDY
DAVENPORT. Ia.. Dec. 21 After i
set for last I being absent from his home here for
Thursdjy, and postponed pending to- three weeks, John A. Klinger. foreman
d.iy's conference, it developed that T. I for the Tri-City Button company, re
V. O'Connor, representing the marine ! turned tonight and after a quarre
workers" organization. Frederick A. with his wife, shot and probably fa-
Charles Satterlee of the V. S. S. Tarn- j Bishop, a delegate from the owners' i tally wounded her, and then commit
pa, who perished with his crew In associations and two representatives I ted suicide by sending a bullet
Ilrirtol clianiii-l tome months ago I of the n.Ip-ad an mi nut rat ion h.iil re-'through his brum.
Our Turkeys are Strictly Home
Dressed and Grain Fed.
You must drop in and see our extra choice
SALT RIVER VALLEY FAT CATTLE
CHOICE PHOENIX BEEF
994
Johnson Meat Co.
MAIN ST. BISBEE
PHONE 362 . - - -Tt
1
OS
05
SOCIETY
SECTION
Edited by
LEE BROWN
I MINING
1 SECTION
iwtt m
?, Edited by
$ WILLIAM T. OWEN $
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 22, 1918.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
VOL 21, NO. 192.
MINES, MINING, LOCAL STOCKS AND COPPER
0
0 Y?
NINETEEN
EIGHTEEN BEARS
PROUD RECORD ACHIEVEMENT
AND SACRIFICE IN 111!
No Matter What History Coming Year May Write, One Just
Coming to Close Shows Credit for Arizona Miners Second
to No Industrial Division Engaged in Turning Out Mate
rial for Great World War; Output of 829,000,000 Pounds,
Which Is Over One Hundred Millions Greater Than in Pre
vious Year, Speaks for Itself Fine Record in Other Metals
Whatever 1919 may have In store for Arizona's raining industry. 1918 will
stand out with credit for proud achievements, second to those of no other
Industrial division engaged in the production of munitions materials during
the most vital period of the world's greatest war. Speaking for itself is the
octout of approximately 829,000,000 pounds of copper during the year, more
than 100,000.000 pounds in excess of the output of 1917 and 154,000,000 pounds
more than the 1916 production, these two previous years the highest record
in Arizona and the highest record by more than double in comparison with
that of any other copper producing division in the world.
Record in Other Metals
Besides its copper production, the Arizona mining industry gave to war
Bsage increased output of lead and zinc and in its emergency mining ot
manganese, molybedenum, tungsten and other of the rarer metals to meet
war requirements set a pace that gave to the government the greatest en
couragement and provided impetus for all other metal states. Graphite min
ing, potash development and increased output of asbestos were also among
the unusual activities brought into vigorous life by Arizona miners for gov
ernment service. Production of sulphuric acid through usage of the Calu
met & Arizona smelter fumes was brought to a high state of efficiency and
served purpose in aid of the federal fighting arm of high Importance and
that could not have been enjoyed except for fine foresight in preparedness.
There With Gold and Silver
Output of the precious metals, gold and silver, the sinews of war, also
made important increase under the stimulus of broad patrotism, the increase
in silver production in the state being well underway before, the price of the
white metal was advanced. During this earlier period of the year silver was
mined at a sacrifice, as gold has been during all of the year. Notwithstanding
the fact that the ores of gold properties in the state have been more valuable
in the ground than out during the last three years of advanced costs of labor
and supplies. Arizona in 1917 showed the righest percentage of gain in out
put of gold of any division in the world and was the Wly one in the United
States to show a gain over 1916. It will probably hold its lead in point of
percentage of gain, at least insofar as this country is concerned, when the
figures are compiled for 1918r -To the Gatman district the large part of this
is due, Vnited Kastern and Reed Mines being mainly responsible.
Ten Million Spent
In spite of high cost of materials and labor and of various other retard
ing influences, new equipment with value of more than $10,000,000 has been
brought into mining service in Arizona during this year. The largest single
item in the total represents the new X'nited Verde Extension smelter In the
Verde district. A large amount of money was spent in the same district in
bringing the United Verde smelter to higher capacity and greater efficiency,
a work that continues in progress. Douglas smelters of Phelps-Dodge and
Calumet & Arizona also received large expenditures for betterments in equip
ment during the year that have much increased efficiency of plant operation.
At Miami Completion was made of important addition to the Miami Copper
company power plant and at Inspiration there was considerable expenditure
for mine equipment betterments, as there was also at the Old Dominion and
other properties in the Globe district. These expenditures made large produc
tion of coppr immediately available while providing permanent gains in plant
efficiency.
New Milling Operations
The year added two new concentrators of large tonnage to the number
operating in the state, while several smaller plants were started going, In
clusive of that on the Flux mine In the Patagonia district, and one great new
plant brought into the construction period, that of Phelps-Dodge in the War
ren district, designed to treat the steam shovel ores of Sacramento hill. The
two large plants put in operation were those of the Ray Hercules and the
Shattuck copper companies, both of which have come into the delivery of ex
cellent results, following the period of minor alterations and adjustments,
always attending the breaking in of new equipment of the sort. Machinery
and steel for the Phelps-Dodge mill has commenced to arrive on the ground,
where grading is far along and pipe line construction in progress, but the
speed with which the work at the site and in preparation of Sacramento hill
for mining was originally planned to go ahead, has been diminished by reason
of embargoes and federal requests and requisitions of materials from time
to time. j t
Conservation Advanced
rn the nrogress made in improvements aid additions to both smelting and
milling enterprises in the state during 191S.jlong strides in conservation are
represented. All of the expenditures have meant greater recovery of values
from ores mined and in addition to this
ores than could previously be handled
been unceasing the last few years along
will be brought into practice continuously as time passes during the next
several years that will have great advantage for the mining industry in an
of the state.
Miners Went the Route
Sacrifices were made in many by Arizona miners during 1917-18 in
every department of their industry, reaching from the mucker at the bottom
to the general manager and the property owners at the top. There was over-i
time given by every loyal man on the job, overtime that was paid for and
overtime for which there could be no pay. Most of the betterments worked
out and which had result in increased production came from after work hours,
application of brain and brawn. In many instances parts of forces and some
times entire forces were called upon to fill emergency gaps,. Involving strenu
ous endeavor, and extra payment for which was In no degree felt by those
in charge to make adequate return. The spirit of the tiling done could not be
priced. Badly needed men were let go with cheers when the fighting arm
or the country called to them; war taxes, embargoes and other federal restric
tions, although onorous upon all and spelling business disaster for some,
were yielded to unreservedly.
Development Suffered Most
That division of Arizona's mining industry most seriously affected was In
the development areas of both producing and developing mines. Many of the
latter were obliged to close down, together with some of the small producers,
while the large mines made inroads upon their reserves and worked them
selves lean in order to give all possible effort to the maximum production
asked by the government. Developing properties which were able to keep
going, because of ample advance financing, were fired with patriotic seal to
get into the class of producers and assist in the output of metal. Ray Her
cules, Iron Cap, Denn-Arizona were among those in this latter class which
made good. Gadsden, Ray Copper, Jerame Verde, Yeager Canyon, Reiniger
Freeman and Porphyry Copper are among those still crowding along with
development and anticipating entry as producers of metal in an important
the making available of lower grade
with profit. Experimental work has
these lines and there is much that
Demand for Copper Will Be Active During
Period of Reconstruction, Says Mr. Douglas
By WALTER DOUGLAS
President American Mining Congress.
What will post war conditions be in the
copper mining industry? An intelligent
forecast can only be made if certain hypo
theses of federal action can be assumed.
The principle of government control of in
dustries producing essentials of war has
been accepted by those industries a3 a war
time measure and with the tacit under
standing that with the termination of the
struggle such control would be removed
and the law of supply and demand again
some into force. It must now be admitted
that a termination of the war does not
and will not mean an immediate return to
pre war conditions and that pending read
justment and refinancing, it may be neces
sary and desirable that the government
should, fpr a period, continue to exercise
with the consent of the industries, its con
trol of prices and production tonnage, as is
probable the demand for the commoner
metals be temporarily curtailed and the
price depressed, a very serious crisis would
confront not only capital but labor. As the
present abnormally high wages being paid
ME INDUSTRY
1 1
E
Both in Arizona and Sonora
Properties Have Be e n
Placed in Position to Get
Out Much Ore '
NOGALES. Ariz., Dec. 21. Now
that the European war is over, capi
tal ;is turning toward the commercial
and industrial iieius, ana in no ac
tivity is this more noticeable than in
the; mining industry in Arizona and
thejneighboring state of Sonora. Right
here at the door of Nogales, there has
recently been erected at great expense
a 200-ton mill at the famous World's
Fair mine, near Patagonia. The. mill
has now been in operation some weeks
and "is reported to be working satis
factorily. It has been planned with
great care and with a view to extract
from the lead-silver product of the
mine the highest possible values. Be
fore the mill was erected, elaborate
tests of the world's Fair ore were
made at the laboratory of the Uni
versity of Arizona, these tests being
for the purpose of determining what
class of mill was best fitted to work
the ores.
Another mine in this county that is
operated very successfully is the Three
R. which is turning out very valuable
ore in large quantities. Another is
the: Flux in the same region: still an
other Is the property of the Duquesne
Mining & Reduction company at
Washington camp, and one more is
the property of the Arizona-European
Mining company, not far from the
Three R. mine. All of these mines
are owned either wholly or in part
by local capitalists.
In Sonora much activity is observ
able, especially in the case of the
Mauto Mining company, which 1b op
erating the Mauto mine a short dis
tance from ' Carbo on the S. P. de
Mexico. This company Is also con
trolled by local capitalists. The presi
dent of the company is J. C. Under
wood, a resident of Nogales, who has
operated mines and mills in Sonora
and various other mining sections.
The vice president and general nan-
ager is also a Nogales man, D. I
Fain. He is the man wo originally
sold the San Geronimo to its pres
ent owners, and Is best known as
the owner of a gold mine in Sonora,
located some 15 miles from the Mauto,
which has been a substantial pro
ducer. The secretary ana treasurer
of the company Is the well known
attorney, Frank J." Barry, who has
various mining interests in this vi
cinity. The history of the Mauto mine dates
back a goodly number of years. It
was a large producer of silver and
lead and at times of gold. The mine
bas recently been reported on by
Messrs. Roper and Howard, one of the
leading firms of mining engineers and
assayers.
Another evidence of how rapidly min
ing in Sonora is coming to the front
now that the war is over, is shown
in the case of the San Geronimo
Mines company, whirh is well known
to many local people and in which
several Nogales people are interested.
The San Geronimo mine was opened
SOUTHWEST
GOOD
HAP
(Continued cn Page Two)
in the mines
increased cost,
EVEN GLOBE BARBER
WOULD TUMBLE AFTER
HAVING THIS PULLED
ENGINEERING AND MINING
JOURNAL TELLS A GOOD ONE
ON ONE OF THE BIG MEN OF
THE MINING WORLD AND A
PUZZLED TONSORIAL ARTIST
Away back in the early years
of the twentieth century, there
entered a barber shop .in Globe
Ariz., an individual whose general
get-up resembled that of Abe Lin
coln on one of his absent-minded
days. With a pre-occupied air, he
passed his large hand over sturdy
but camouflaged jaws, thus con
veying to the mind of the tonsor
ial artist the hint that he desired
a shave and did not wish to be
annoyed by any gossip and'chat
ter,which would tend to inter
rupt his meditations. Scarcely had
the lather been applied, however,
when the professor began his cus
tomary clatter. "Stranger in
town, ain't ye?" The victim stir
red slightly, grunting, "Uh-huh,"
in a manner Intended to hang up
the receiver, as it were. "'Got a
job at the O. D. smelter T" A
similar response was forthcoming,
accompanied by a feigning of
drowsiness and a readjustment of
the long limbs In a more comfort
able position. The affirmative
responses became fainter and
fainter, to the queries of "Good
pay?" "Do you like the com
pany?" "Has the new big boss ar
rived yet?" etc., until a change of
tactics to "Do you work on the
charging floor, tapping floor, or
around the stockpile?" brought
results in the form of a drawling
"Oh, I kind of look around here
and there and hang around the of
fice some." A look of compassion
spread over the barber's coun
tenance as he said, as gently as
he could, "Oh, I see. You're the
new watchman. There ain't much
pay in that, but if you're steady
there's chances. Say, bo, I got a
lot of influence with some of the
foremen, and maybe I can help
you. Now what might your name
be?" This roused the sleeper
from his lethargy. Stretching a
bit, he responded: "Me? Oh,
my name is Ricketts "
EXPLOSIVES LAW IS
STILL IN EFFECT
JEROME. Dec. 21 The federal law
regulating the sale and handling of!
explosives is still in effect, despite i
rumors to the contrary, which have
been in circulation throughout the
Verdo district.
R. W. Warren, deputy explosives
licensor for Jerome, heard of these
rumors and in order to make sure,
directed an inquiry to Kd. U Shaw, of
Phoenix, licensor for Arizona.
Show
replied In part, as follpws:
Renlvine to your favor of Decern-
ber 6. teg to advtee that there has the underground workings. The un
been no change in the explosive act j dorground work has been confined to
farther thsn the discontinuance of i the -southwest crosscut on the 630
licenses for ingredients, flrewark. I foot level. In the drift which is being
etc The balance of the law j driven east and west on this level.
as originally passed. Is still in force copper glance in the carbonate ore
and my Impression is that it will be I body has been encountered and con
continued Indefinitely. ! siderahle ore has been taken ou.
are to a certain extent based
on the increased cost oHiving and as such
especially as applied Po the
necessaries of life, can not be materially
decreased until the armies are demobilized,
it is obvious that labor cannot accept a seri
ous reduction in its income. Reconstruc
tion of devastated Belgium and Northern
France and replacement of the copper
stocks of the central powers will in time
make the demand for the red metal active,
and it can be fairly assumed that the aver
age price will not again be as low as in the
past, any more khan it can reasonably be
anticipated that the wage rate will ever re
turn to its former level.
After the necessary, though indefinite,
. period of readjustment is passed, the de
i marid for copper will, I think, be so great
! that the producer will be enabled to de
. mand and obtain a sufficiently high price
. for his product to permit of a high rate of
wages being paid and the mining of low t
grade ore deposits, on the successful ex
ploitation of which the future prosperity
of the industry depends.
RAY HERCULES IN
GOOD POSI
WILL BE BETTER
Though Declining With Other
- Coppers on Market, This
New Producer Is in Fine
Physical Form
RAY, Ariz., Dec. 21. Considerable
Inquiry has developed recently as to
Ray Hercules, the shares of which
have declined with other coppers in
the markets. From the general tenor
of the inquiries it is presumed that It
is felt that there must be some physi
cal reason for the decline of the stock
of this new producer, the last big
one to bei added to the Arizona list.
Physically, on tlie contrary, Ray
Hercules is in in fine form. If its
shares were selling on the basis of the
actual property condition th,ey would
be much higher than at any period
during which the investment has been
before the public. But none of the
copper shares are at this time selling
on the basis of physical condition of
the properties. Prices are rather based
on pessimism as to the future, and
thus far there has not been much
analysis of separation of the sheep
from the goats. X
Ray Hercules belongs with several
other Arizona coppers, in a class that
should be exempt from bearing at
this time, because they are able to
mine cheaply, are abundantly equip
ped with erfficlent machinery, have
sufficient funds on hand to meet all
requirements, even should there be
many rainy days, and are in the hands
of competent, vigorous managements.
Hercules mill had some few kinks to
straighten out, as every new plant
has had. but is through with that pe
riod and now operating with attend
ance of excellent recovery. In the
mine there is promise of very material
expansion of the present large tonnage
of good grade ore, of which there is
something more than ten million tons
now demonstrated. It would not be
surprising if Hercules should more
than double this tonnage before it is
through with its work. Problems of
extraction are being worked out and
will ultimately doubtless lower the
very economic costs of mining esti
mated in advance and now being
worked oL
It will not be a great while until
Hercules can establish its million
pounds the month production. Mean
time earnings are satisfactory on half
that amount of monthly output. The
property is not among those that a
lower price for copper after January
will close aown.
PORPHYRY COPPER PROPERTY
SHOWING WELL AT GLOBE
GLOBE. Ariz.. Dec. 21 Work at
the Porphyry Copper, company prop-
! erty, near Globe, is progressing rap-
Idly and many improvements are oe-
ing made to the surface as well as
IN
QUARTZ VEIN IS
FOUND BY LUCKY
QuARTZlTE MINER
Property Stumbled Upon by
. Accident Bonded to St
Louis Man for $30,000 by
Three Partners
SALOME. Ariz.. Dec. 21. Inter
ested by the numerous stories of a
new gold strike at Quartzite, 40
miles west .of Salome, in northern
Yuma county, a correspondent visited
the scene recently, in company with
several other mining men. The new
discovery is located at the head of
what is locally known as "Joe John
son's" gulch, about one and a half
miles from New Water, some 15 miles
southeasterly from Quartzite. The district-has
been placered for probably 40
years or more with varying success
and considerable placer gold is report
ed to have been taken from the Joe
Johnson gulch, and evidently has
been, judging by the number and ex
tffrit of the old placer diggings.
In White Quartz
The gold strike was made some
time in September, according to the
owners. George Johnson, Joe John
son and Ed Trimble, at a point near
the head of the gulch, on one side
of a small hogback which is locally
traversed by numerous white quartz
stringers and veins, at right angles
to the general strike of the horback
and gulch. The formation or coun
try rock is locally, and probably quite
generally, a, grayish quartzite under
lain by a blue slaty schist- Several
biabase and andesite dikes were no
ticed in the vicinity, but none imme
diately in the neighborhood of the
locality where the gold was found.
K
The particular hogback where the
strike was made is several hundred
yards long and probably 100 to 500
feet across, coming to a point where
a small guicn enters me uiaiu juc
Johnson gulch. Scores of pure white
quartz veins and stringers cut across
the hogback, at right angles to the
1 gulch, and ancient placer diggings fol
lowing several of these outcrops are
evidenced that the placer gold was de
rived from the erosion and breaking
down to these quartz veins, which cut
through both the quartzite and slaty
schist wherever the formation is not
covered with cement and gravel over
burden.
One quartz vein, about 50 yards
from the scene of the gold strike,
seems to have been particularly rich
in gold, as the surface for over 300
feet along this vein has been plaoered
and dry washed practically the entire
distance and on both sides of the
vein many of the pits being five or
six feet deep, where the dry washers
have dug down into the crevices and
rotten surface formation along the
vein in their search for the gold and
nuggets. It is surprising that no real
work has been done on these veins,
especially where such a notable
amount of placering has been done
along their outcrops and undoubted
ly a large amount of gold recovered,
yet not one hole as deep as a location
hole could be seen on the veins, even
where the placering was the most ex
tensive. By Accident
The discovery of gold in the quartz
was made quite by accident, by Ed
Trimble, an old-timer in the district,
who just happened to hit one of the
vein outcrops with his pick and no
ticed the glisten of gold in the frag
ment of white quartz broken off.
Further digging at the spot opened
up what is said to have been a won
derfully fine showing of gold, but
at the time of our visit very little
was to be seen in sight, but amply
enough to prove that it is there. The
only work done is a small open cut
about 15 feet long and six feet
high at the face, following a white
quartz vein. Several pieces of gold
were visible in the face of the cut, in
the form of fine wire gold al seams
in whi.ch quartz, and at oul time, it
is said, one entire side of the pit
showed much gold scattered around
through the quartz. Most ot this is
said to have been carried away or sent
to Phoenix and Los Angeles. While
there several of our party "worked
over" the dump, breaking up pieces
ot the white quartz and finding some
wonderfully beautiful specimens,
showing the bright yellow gold against
a background of pure white quartz, al
most like marble.
Property Sold
None of the gold is massive, never
theless it is not flake gold by any
means and the fine wires and plates
of gold are often thick enough to
hold together the pieces of brittle
quartz after being broken with a
hammer. It is said that the property
has been optioned to a Mr. Andereck
of St. Louis for $30,000, most of
which is payable in the next 60
days; meantime the terms of the op
tion are said to be such that neither
(Continued on r Two)
PRICE FIXING
CEASES WITH
COMING YEAR
HANDS OF GOVERNMENT OFF
COPPER MARKET ON JANUARY
FIRST, AND WITH THIS HAP
PENING FIXED PRICE OF 26
CENTS WILL GO.
DECLINE IS EXPECTED
OPINION RANGES FROM TWO TO
EIGHT CENTS IN SPECULATING
AS TO AMOUNT OF DECREASE
IN PRICE, WITH EXPORT BODY
AS STEADYING FACTOR.
Official Washington interpreta
tion of the status of the War In
dustries board is that it will cease
to function after January 1. The
price fixing committee and price
fixing automatically go out at the
same time. Therefore it is defi
nitely established that with expir
ation of the present month the
government fixed price ot 26 cents
for copper comes to an end and
that there will be no new price
made by , the government. Its
hands will be off on January 1 and
copper once more bark on the
market subject to the laws of suo
ply and demand.
It is commonly accepted that cop
per will register an immediate de
cline, but no one is venturing predic
tion as to how much ot a drop there
will be. Opinions range from two
cents to eight cents. Forming during
the week of the copper export associ
ation, numbering in its membership
all of the larger selling agencies. Is
looked to as possible steadying fac
tor. Vhe association may hare the
financial strength necessary to carry
the copper surplus through a period
that otherwise would be certain of
witnessing panic sales abroad. Some
idea of the money that surplus ac
counts must be called upon for in
order to carry copper over any con
siderable period will be gathered from
the fact that carrying Arizona copper
alone at 20 cents, will mean an ad
vance of approximately $15,000,000 the
month. Cancellation by the govern
ment of the last quarter copper con
tracts means that approximately $6..
000.000 is already being carried by
Arizona producers. There a limit
to surplus funds as to everything else.
Protest against their establishment
has been a favorite cry of radicals
and tax methods have been favored
for wiping out surplus accumulations,
but in the face of business readjust
ments on a down scale the surplus ac
counts afford the only safeguard the
employer is able to furnish for the
job of the employe.
No publicity as yet appears to have
been formulated in any quarter as to
procedure among metal producers in
the face of surplus stocks and lower
prices. It has become more or less
generally accepted, however, that
some of the higher cost mines will be
obliged to shut down. None of these
are large producers or large employ
ers, and their closiag will have no
great effect upon either labor or met
al. Curtailment of production by the
larger mines is naturally anticipated
and many take the place of reduc
tion in wages. Operating properties
with sufficinet surplus accounts are
very likely to turn more attention to
development, thus taking care of the
larger part of their present operating
forces and holding unemployment in
their districts to the minimum. This
is the course known to te preferred
by employers and that which they will
doubtless pursue as far as they can.
GADSDEN WORKNIGS
SHOW BETTERMENT
The present outlook at the Gadsden
property at Jerome. In which mauy
local people are stockholders, is bet
ter than for some time, according to
Attorney Fred Sutter of this city. !n
formation received by him during
week was that between 6T5 and "l0
feet of work had been done on the
drift on the 1200 level and the char
acter of the ground was encouraiag.
In this connection the Verde Cop
per News says:
The flow of water continues to In
crease in the Gadsden workings as
the west crosscut from the 1200-foot
station advances. Today the face ot
the crosscut is a little over 700 feet
from the station and the pumps are
handling 4S0 gallons a minute. This
is only 40 gallon less than their ca
pacity, so it Is probable that the
bailer will have to be started in a few
days."
Think before you throw any bread,
meat or fat in the garbage
(Col'.iI $n Pas Two) EIGHT
THE BISBEE DAILY RLVIEW, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 22, 191S.
f
1 -
8 1
f . - . 1 ....
5 j ' ' i x , . 3
i i i " a
I 5
L
! : ' ' - . -5
T tmyw riit ' i-"
i ' viRrn iun C.t:tt-1'-t rnv I
llW Mima im I in iirirrrwiirrm Ltttrmt
EAGLE THEATER
I
HELP! THIEF NOT ONLY MOHLER ATTENDS CAMP
ROBS MAN BUT SANTA IFOR OFFICERS, FRANCE
TODAY-
Continuous, 1:00 to 11:00
-TODAY
JLOOK
vv 1
I Car Purloined From John H. King
Late Yesterday in Front of Phelps
i Docigs Store Contained Christmas
i Presents and Tree
t.'l F
i3 hi f;Wi
OUR OLD FRIEND
WW M
-AIso-
LONESOME LUKE
COMEDY
"BIRDS OF A FEATHER"
t& 2Bo ol.
Has returned to the screen of this theater, after an absence of several months, in
ONE OF THE FASTEST PLAYS OF HIS CAREER
CiT1
I 3
E KID IS CLEVER!"
!AY!-If You Want T
!l's bad Piinii :li w hen a thief goes
t ti in and rob an ordinary iudi
w.l'Kil. but v !-n lie robs not only the
o-Mict- but Santa Clans as well a more
than oniinaiiiy severe punishment
should be visi"'il upon the delinquent
I esposible.
John II. Kini;. a well known butch
er. vva:s ti: victim o an auto theft
l,;st feni:!!; by having his Studebaker
4 stolen from whore it stood in front
if (he Phelps Dodge store. Tiie
west part, cr at least a very bad
feature, was that Mr. Kin? had a
number of Christmas presents stowed
in tiie c;:r leady to deliver to Santa
Clans to b jiiven to his children anj
others. A lari-'e Christmas tree also
vs the car.
Tin? tl.eft wm repcrtd to the polire
by Mr. Kins immediately after he dis
covered nis car w.i mis.-iiiK.
Friends of Sut. Karl Muhler, for
meily a C. & A. shift boss, but who
enlistd in the army engineer corps,
will be pleased to learn that his serv
ice was appreciated to the extent that
he was sent to an officers' training
school in central France. Hwter, he
was designated for training only the
day before the signing of the armi
stice and hardly can be expected to
complete the course. I'resumably he
will return to this country with his
uni'o in the near future.
An additional feature which will
?ive pleasure to his friends is the fact
that the entir- company of pnsineers
to which Mr. MohW belotiRed was
rite-J recently for gallantry in action.
TOWN' OF LOWELL. SAID COUNTY
AND STATE. HAS UK EN DIS
SOLVED AND THAT TH K SAID J T.
HOOD IS NOW THE OWNER OF
'THK BUSINESS HERETOFORE
CONDUCTED BY SAID PARTNER
SHIP IN SAID CITY OF IXJUOLAS
AND WILL PY ALL CLAIMS AND
BILLS AGAINST SAID BUSINESS
IN SAID CITY. AND THAT F. C.
BLEDSOE IS NOW THE OWNER OF
THE BUSINESS HERETOFORE
CONDUCTED BY THE SAID PART
NERSHIP IN SAID TOWN OF LO
WELL. AND WILL PAY ALL
CLAIMS AND BILLS AGAINST SAID
BUSINESS ON AND AFTER THE
1STH DAY OF DEC EM Uh.IL 191S
J. T. ilOOD.
319 F. C. BLEDSOE.
Business Locals
SUIT CASES AND HAND BAGS
We have a complete line of iaee
Roods at attractive -prices. One cf
these suit cavs or hand baps will
! please him. Kobey's, opposite post-office.
BRILLS ana Action
SEE GEORGE IN HIS THRILLING ADVENTURES WITH MEXICAN REVOLUTIONISTS. GEORGE IS
THE EOY THAT MAKES OUR FAMOUS DOUG. FAIRBANKS STE,P LIVELY.
BROTHERHOOD ELECTS
OFFICERS FOR YEAR
XMAS DANCE
The Eas;le club dances will start
Christinas eve at Eagles' half. Main
street. Remember the date. Tuesday
even in December 24, 8:30 o'clock.
Admission $1. Long's orchestra. 42")
XMAS
Meet me at the Y. W. C. A. cafeteria,
and have a turkev dinner hist like
home. Open fioin i2 to 1:30. 3-j1
ROCKH liL a STAGE
Bisbee-Tombstone. Leaves Bisbee.
Bisbee Auto company, 7:4j a. m., 1:20
p m. Phone Bisbee 5. Adv.
' FROM 12 TO 1:30
A real home cooked Xmas dinner
ut the Y. W. C. A. cafeteria. Table
d'hote, price 75 cents. 2Z
Admission:
Children, 10c;
Adults, 15c;
Reserved Seats, 25c;
This Includes the War Tax.
i tfTTi ' M Vt JsnTlffttM
Ama
The Universal Film Company scored the scoop of the century in securing
THE ABSOLUTELY AUTHENTIC AND COMPLETE OFFICIAL PICTURE OF
COMING
iie
Surrender
Th Fraternal Brotheihood loxise
liitt in re;ul::r session on Monday ev
ening, the.lClh, with a good attend
ance and c:ie candidate was initiated.
State Manan-.T R. T. Malum and wife
were present.
Election of officers for ensuing year
was as follows:
Past President Eon Moss.
President Julia Poole.
Vice-Pr resident Anna Pooley.
Treasurer Geo. Pocle.
Secr-tary Hannah Munch.
Chaplain AUsandora Geisty.
Sanieant at Arms Harold Fay.
Master at Aims Effie Jones.
Inned Door Keeper Adeline Car-retto.
Outer Dood Keeper Ida M Conley. !
Finance coinmittee-trt'aiheriue Fui
notti. Ellen Foley.
Trustees Bert Fenr.er, Phil Davis. I
The next meeting will be In the new I
I. O. O. F hall, Saturday evening, I
January 11, irl!. " 1
SWEATER SPECIALS AT KOBEY'S
One of our sweater coats will please
him. Special discount of 10 per cent
on all sweater coats for the next four
days. 2'59
Dr. P'.jyfair, Orteop-Jth. 93 Mason
Hill. Mason car stop. Phoiie Blue 647.
Adv. 331
Itoseubarger's Ecatry Parlors
moved to Room 13 over 5 and 10c
store, Main street. 2o3
The greatest song ct a!l Be sure
to get a copy of the latest sor.s hit.
Muir Music store. 42S
WHY COOK!
You can reserve a ti.ble at the Y.
V,. C. A. cafeteria and have a real
home cooked dinner. From 12 to 1:30.
330
Italian and French restaurant is the
best place to eat in town. Board $1.10
per day, 50 cents per meal. G. Salasco
and A. Sonzini, proprietors. O. K.
street. 2S9
Don't stop saving food.
NOTICE
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN,
THAT THE CO-PARTNERSHIP OF
HOOD & BLEDSOE. CONSISTING
OF J. T. HOOD AND F. C. BLEDSOE,
DOING BUSINESS IN THE CITY OF
DOUGLAS. COCHISE I'OUNTY.
STATE OF ARIZONA. AND IN THE
Painter and Pap-'r Hanging. Sis.
C J. BRANDT
Box 150. 27 Brcadway. Phone 45.
L. L. Gilman sens the New eAsod.
"The Phonograph With a Soul."
TOO LATE TO CLASSIFY
WANTED Mine doctor, electrician
mechanic, night mine foreman and
night mill foreman for Mexico near
Cananea. Good wages, pleasaut liv
ing conditions and right opportun
ity for conscientious, energetic m-n.
Apply in person today at Room 57.
Copper Queen, or write 8"S .Mills
Bldi.'.. El Paso. i?,i
FOR RENT Furnished apartments.
1S9 Temby avenue, one block north
of high school. 435
Entire
urn
MM H,
m3U 3
Irr
fta u iua
THE GREATEST EVENT IN THE HISTORY CF THE WORLD
EVERY SHIP FROM THE FLAG SHIP TO THE LAST
DAMN U-BOAT SHOWN
ROBERTS FAVORS MAIN
LINES IN COUNTY
Supervisor-elect C. M. Roberts of
Wilicox, was in Douglas a few days
ago aud gave his ideas of what should
be done by the county in the matter
of providing better roads. He made
it plaia that he would favor, as a
member of the board, the building
of trunk lines of roads in the county,
the principal ones to first have at
tention teing the extension of what is
known as the Ceneral highway from
Douglas to Willcox. This road is now
built to beyond El Frieda. Mr. Rod
erts thinks this' road should be com
pleted to a connection with the. trunk
line road that is provided for in the
county bond issue between Cochise
and Willcox. Another road which is
now badly needed as a trunk line is
one from San Simon west along the
Southern Pacific railroad to Benson
where it will connect with the state
highway for Tucson and on through
the state.
With these two trunk lines com-:
pleted then the question of connecting ;
roads to the various neighborhoods,
such as the Light settlement and oth
ers on the east side of the Sulphur
Springs valley will be entitled to con
sideration. Available County Road Fund
Just how much road money will be
available for expenditure by the coun
ty cannot be definitely stated now.
The fiscal year begins in July and
for this year the total of the road '
tax levy was approximately $150,000;
about the same amount was raised by;
the state road levy which is subject j
to expenditure jointly by the county
Hiijjtri v laui a a:m lilt; eidic luiiu utrpdii-
ment. Just how much of this money
has been already used will not be
known until the reports are made up
for the present calendar year and
which will be presented when the new
board is organized.
Supervisor Roberts said that from
San Simon west for several miles
the road is in very bad condition and
it is his idea to look -after the real
bad places first and tlten take up oth
er sections along the adopted trunk
line where they may be found neces
sary. Considerable work isv needed
out of Willcox and between that town
and the lake. Across the lake the
grade has been made, but it. needs
some kind of surfacing, as the forma
tion in time of rains becomes so slick
that it is hard to hold a vehicle
on it.
Kin as Oa nee
Wednesday, December 25. 1318.
Everyone welcome. Music by seven-piece
orchestra.
BROPHY'S HALL
LOWELL
Dancing at 8:15
GEORGE WALSH AT
EAGLE THEATER TODAY
to the purely religious aspeeU of ti.e
festival. The members of the c'.:nl
are: Miss Josephine Clouth-'er, di
rector; Blanche Campbell, pianist;
Mr. Berundis. violinist: Altos, Misses
Mar&uerite Carretto, Gertrude Ies
inond, Benita Lewis; sopranos. MioS
Lucy Carretto, Mrs. Henry Iioleonibe.
Mrs. David Foster, Misses Nellie
I CONTINUOUS FROM 1:00 TO 11:00 P. M. I "ITl"1 1 I
3 TODAY TODAY TODAY
I WORLD FILM CORP. F RESENTS -
i joiii w till' Wooos
With JUNE ELVIDGE, JOHN BOWERS and an ALL STAR CAST. A Remarkable
picture with an tensely interesting tsory.
Also, Triangle Keystone Comedy, in two reels.
"Smiling George" Walsh begfns two
days of romping across the screen of
the Facie Theater tnrtnv f5enrpe !
comes here In his newest William Fox I Ryan- Winifred Ryan, Marie Kamln
vchicle. "The Kid Is Clever," a ftorvi9ki. MsX Hill and Margaret Carretto;
which has a thrill and a laugh in cv- I ba3S- -oe EI'Jo" "IlJ Toln Kelly; tenor.
ery foot of film. j - Kleiatz.
The athletic star takes the role ofj ;
Kirk White, a young . American who I The Montenegro congress Is called
can's find enough excitement in life. I the "Skupshtina." Even in a free
His father sends him aboard a ship ' country like ours nobody has ever had
with a motion picture company which ! the nerve to call our congress any-
guarantees to. provide the proper : thing like that. Houston Post.
amount of spice. Kirk overhears.
When things begin to happen on
that ship, he thinks the cinema com- j
pany is to blame. But they missed ;
the steamer and a band of Mexican I
revolutionists are the cause of the i
trouble. '
Of course there's a girl In the plot, '
and she is in love with Kirk. ;
"The Kid Is Clever" is George
WalsJi's first production under a new :
director, Paul Powell, and It more !
than maintains the swift pace of other '
George Walsh pictures. I
II Illy
m stomission:
Balcony, 10c; Lower Floor, 15c;
This includes War Tax
Reserved Seats, 25
wumnil
i
1 rv
SPECIAL!
SPECIAL!
SPECIAL!
GERMAN FLEET SHOWN
IN SURRENDER FILM
Cei
aTheater
I
LOWELL CONTINUOUS 6:00 to 11:00 P. M. TODAY
DOROTHY PHILLIPS in
"THE MORTGAGED WIFE"
Also, EDDIE LYONS and LEE MORAN in "HOUSE
CLEANING HORRORS" and the Animeted Weekly.
ADMISSION:
Children, 10c; Adults, 20c; Reserved Scats, 30c
This Include! War Tax
The first motion pictures, to come
to I isbee, of the great world events
that followed the signing of the arm
istice, will be sliown at the Eagle
theater Christmas day and night, it
is the complete, authentic, official pic
ture of "The Surrender of the German
Fleet." the greatest event in the
world's history.
The entire fleet, front the flagship
to the last damned U-boat, and the
thrilling reception end close up views
of some of the famous and infamous
ch.raevters are shown.
CHOIR PRACTICING
SPECIAL XMAS MUSIC
The choir of St. Patrick's Catholic
church has been practicing spoci:i!
music for the midnight mass which
will be sung Christmas eve, Tuesday,
at 12 o'clock. While the musical pro
gram has not been published It Isj
certain to he an in.loynble ndilitlon
III '- - " .
GRAND T
CONTINUOUS,
1 TO 11 P. M.
NOTICE, DON'T MISS THIS, SUNDAY AND MONDAY
6S0
AND
median mm
WORLD'S pUjn
Greatest Mill
Direct from Graumans Million Dollar Theater at Los Angeles. This is not a moving
Picture. MYSTERY MAGIC AND FUN.
Also, Triangle Picture Corp. Presents MARGERY WILSON in
"The Lai oi the Great Nortat"
A smashing story of the Fur Country, where the nose of a rifle lays down the law. And
AN EBONY COMEDY
"THE JANITOR
99
Admission :
Balcony, 15c; Lower Floor, 25c;
This includes war tax.
i THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW. SUNDAY, DECEMBER 22, 1918.
THREE
iVes of Social Circles
The campaign for membership in
the Christmas Red Cros Honor Roll
will close tomorrow. It hasn't been
an easy thins to got earn person
that was asked to uive a dollar,
strange as it may s-eem. There are
hundreds of excuses made. It is Fiir-
prising Just how many different ones
have been sriven, to be answered and
coped with but another pops up in its
place like St. George and the many
headed dragon. Ot course it is Christ
mas time and there are so many
things to be bought but if it wasn't
for our soldiers whom this fund is
being taken up for. what kind of a
Christmas would it lw? A Christmas
without Tiotory. Nothing could be
more dreadful to contemplate.
The people of this district have al
ways given generously to every call.
But the time has not yet come when
giving may ba discontinued. It is
realized what it means to say "give
till it hurts." It is such a little after
all in comparison to what tho boys
pave. So many pave life, health, legs
and arms and all gave up the com
forts of home for the mud of the
trenches. w"
Little cards have come to people in
Bisbee that say on them. "Christmas
greetings from the people of France."
They must know how we are think
ing of them end contributing our dol
lars to ths great Red Cross that
reaches across the sea and soothes
the tired mhI pain racked bodies of
their afflicted in the form of trained
nurses and medical men, those tire
less aneels of mercy. If each person
when he or f-he is asked to give Just
ona dollar would stop and draw amen
tal picture of that dollar, and what
it will do, what comfort it will bring,
there would never be a moment's hesi
tancy. Quickly the hands would go
plunging down into the pocket to
come forth with a bright new shiny
dollar eager and glad to send it on
Its way with thousands of other dol
lars. It may be said that most of the
people In the district did that, with a
Bmile. There are a few cross people
In the world and will be until Gabriel
blows his horn on Judgment morn
ing. fl fr flP
The Anona club met at the home
of Mrs. T. C. Dunlap in Warren Tues
day, December 17. Several vocal se
lections were given by Miss Lenore
Allan and Lucile Watkins. The even
ing was spent in sewing and knitting.
The next meeting will be at the home
of Miss Florence Burkett. Those pres
ent Tuesday night were Misses Edna
Thompson,. Maud Brazil, Florence
Buckett, Lorraine Cain. Margaret
Caretto, Opal Core. Laura Funkhouser.
.lenaveve John. E'lith Kennedv. Jennie
Warren. Lenore Allen and Lucile Wat-1
kins; Mesdames R. Moore, C. Arcne- j
leta, A. Kiddie, A. . rowan, r
Boswell, M. Lusa and Lucy Caretto.
if I
A golf dinner was givtn at the
Country club Saturday night Two
' jiienjluttt-'weie .lualclifatl -U itU-ji- oU f
in the afternoon and the one that j
lost payed for the dinner th?t night. 1
It was a jolly stag affair. With the
j war over and the quarantine lifted, to
i eat. drink and be merry was each
one's motto.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Hardin left
on the Golden State limited for their
home in I s Angeles Saturday night.
Mrs. Hardin has been au active work
er in the American fund for French
wounded and has lately leen appoint
ed a member of the national commit
tee of that organization. Mrs. Hardin
had charge of the work room in the
Garfield school during Mrs. Frantzens
absence and did much towards raising
the $"00 quota that was-recently sent
to France for the use of the French
refugees. She will be missed in the
district for her willingness to help
in every public work has been com
mendable. Mr. Hardin will engage in
the insurance business in Los Angeles.
There are 500 boys' shirts to be
made and 330 comfort kits to fill the
quota, that Bisbee has been, assigned
but if the attendance at the Red
Cross rooms continues to move along
as slowly all the boys will be frozen
to death or will have been sent home
before these garments are completed.
On Monday ihere were no workers
present, Tuesday there were three,
Wednesday none, Thursday four, and
Friday there were eight. Of course
it is the -week before Christmas and
there are so many things to be done.
The food conservation has taken
un so much time and the Red Cross
membership drive have both demand
ed all ones attention. So this week
may show a marked improvement.
It is certainly most important that
these garments be made at the earl
iest possible tune.
kind. These gifts will be turned over
to Miss Cunimings, who will pass them
ion to others in the district who are
j less fortunate. There are numbers
of children in this town who wont
j receive even a doll on Christmas
j morning unless the kind people help
1U WHS wu.v.
I;
Of Interest to Women
Y. W. a A. Notes
A busy week has been planned at
the Y. W. C. A. For the girls who
are teaching in the district and away
from home it will be a most homelike
place to spend Christmas. That time
ot the year when everyone would like
to be in the midst of their own home
surroundings. The Y. W. C. A. real
izes this and has arranaged as good
of an imitation of home as possibly
could be and not be home. On Mon
day evening a Christmas party will
be held for theteachers of the Bisbee
schools and all of the schools of the
district. For the men who are lonely
and away from home there will be a
warm welcome at this party. A jolly
good time is to be had and those who
don't attend will be sorry when they
hear others tell of the good time they
had. Mrs. Charlotte Cill is in charge
of the musical program and Christ
mas carols will make the night sweet
with their sound.
On Tuesday eveninf- the community
Christmas tree will be lighted and on
d'sp'ny in the" tennis iourt of the Y.
UV C A. .-The public is invited, even
urged to come. But i ach person that
comes must bring a little gift of some j
On Saturday night the boys' depart
ment of the Y. M. C. A. and the girls
of the Hi-V are to have a party aiter
the practice of the Christmas carols.
It is great to be young and know
that the war is over and that one can
just have all the fun they want to
have.
Miss Lillian Reagan and Miss Vance
entertained Friday night at the Y in
honor of Miss Katherine Prisbie.
A regular table d'hote dinner will
be served at the Y. W. C. A. cafeteria
from 12 until 1:30 on Christmas day.
JAPAN SUPPORTED HER
ALLIES WITH LOANS
(Ttv Review Leased "Wire)
TOKIO, Nov. 2. Japan generally
followed the plan of devoting the
money obtained from abroad during
the war to giving financial support to
her allies, either by subscribing to
the loans issued by them, or by pur
chasing their bonds, says an official
report of the department ot finance.
The total amount invested in all these
securities reached about $579,500,000
at the end of 1917, including 1265,000,
000 in British government bonds, $77,
500,000 in French bonds and $127,000,
000 in Russian bonds. To this should
be added $110,000,000 representing
Japanese foreign loan bonds and com
pany debentures redeemed in foreign
markets.
. Japan's sea-borrie trade was greatly
effected at the beginning of the war,
says the report, butcher expdrt trade
afterward became very brisk. There
was a pronounced increase of Japan's
shipments to nearby markets and to
the South Seas to take the place of
commodities that had ceased to be
shipped from Europe. This was espe
cially conspicuous as regard China
where there was a large demand for
Japanese goods. Larger shipments of
munitions and food sent to the allies
increased the volume of exports. In
1917 these amounted to $801,500,000,
an increase of 1237,760,000 over 1916.
Japan's imports for 1917 were $517,
900,000, $199,0003 more than 1916.
The excess of exports over imports in
1917 was $283,500,000, an increase of
52 per cent over this, balance of trade
in 1916. This apparently has paved
the way for an expansion of Japan's
industries and trade in the future,,
said the report.
I
InlS48, when James K'. Polk was
president, the German government
asked the United States for an experi
enced American naval officer of suit
able rank to take command of the
Cerman navy. The cabinet was unani
mously in favor of granting the re
quest, but Mr. Pcdk refused it. . It
looks now as if the project had merely
been postponed. Youth's Companion.
r
Winter Is hot all sparkle and crisp
days, but often dull browns and grays-.
So one needs all sorts of clothing to
match the weather. A coat made ot
bronze-green satin and mole fur, with
its sheen quite like the wet pave
ments of a late autumn day, the lus
trous satin has the soft gray-brown of
the fur to give it greater depth. The
coat is really very practical, made,
as it Is in four parts, with the ar
rangement ot the mole and satin of
the sleeve and side sections exactly
reversed In the under section. By
this clever designing there Is fur
aplenty about the neck for warmth
and deepening of the tone. This coat
can be made In duvetyo and satin or
In velvet and satin.
A dainty frock of mauve satin the
corsage and trim trailing panels of
satin over a bhort skirt of mauve
crepe georgette, embroidered in dif-1
ferent tones of mauve. About fluffy
brown hair, a bandeau of vivid rose
velvet, studded with brilliant flowers,
and carrying a large fan of ostrich
feathers creates a lovely picture.
A creation ot silver tissue the kirt
slightly "draped and very long, with a
sweeping silver train. The wide
draped girdle of pale rose velvet and
similar velvet lined the trailing length
of silver. Another gown of blue and
silver tissue adorned with silver lace
and great pink ro6es, another of deli
cate gold lace tinged with gold over
a slip of gold leme tissue, the whole
girdled with rose ribbon, and one of
dahlia red. velvet embraidered with'
silver pallettes an4 flounced heavily
with gray squirrel.
A striking evening frock of black
velvet, ' the skirt tucked up on the
hips with red roses and a street frock
of gray velvet and kolinsky with side
panels of velvet, falling over the fur.
flounced and turned under at the hem. '
A dainty frock for a blonde is made I
of roses moussellne. plaited and trim- j
mod with cream lace, over a narrow
slip of rose satin, the skirt of which Is j
rounded up prettily on the sides. Gird-1
led naively with narrow blue ribbon, j
is this frock narrow turquoise bluei
velvet ribbon which is knotted in the
back. The lino of the round neck
is also outlined with blue velvet rib
bon and blue ribbon may be worn
in the hair with a most coquettish bow
directly in front.
A lovely tailored suit for the Christ
mas holidays is made of green broad
cloth, worn with a little hat or stitch
ed white satin. A tailored frock of
white tricot with a black satin hat
to top off the efefct. A pretty frock
of black and gold brocade rather
curious, loosely woven tissues, somber
in hue. Chemise in form, it is open
in a narrow V in front and girdled at
the waist with a black and gold cord,
knotted in front. The sleeves are el
bow length, as many are and the skirt
reveals several indies of transparent
silk hose.
A coat of marine blue cloth opens
at the side with a series of buttons
for its ornaments. The collar and
cuffs are of duvetyn in beige color
and artistically embroidered a la
marine, that they must make the
wearer very proud.. Another coat of
velours, red, stitched with gray wooh
Little ball-buttons of steel close it
and gray fur collars it. On the head
is worn a close hat of red velours, and
stitched with gray wool and modest
ly adorned with gray wings.
Muffled in a coat of black velvet
with loose kimono like sleeves, one
must look at the world over the top
of a high collar of castor fur. Also
of castor are the deep cuffs and girdle.
A wrap for the dance is made of black
velvet with high collar and cuffs of
otter. Gorgeous gold brocade encrust
ed with jet cabochons, makes the
panel. Black satin and velvets are
always delightful fabrics, but when
tbey are combined in a cape-coat that
serves an all day purpose, a most
charming result is achieved. Among
the many frivolous things in a bride's
wardrobe, a coat that stands for serv
ice may be found. One of dark green
velour de laine, tucked oddly from top
to bottom. So that there may be no
fear of biting winds, there is a high
collar of soft squirrel.
1
XMAS HEADQUARTERS
Our line of Xmas goods are the most complete in
the Warren ditsrict. We carry a full line of Kodaks,
Leather Goods, Dolls, Toys, Toilet Sets, and a complete
line of Ivory Goods.
Johnston's Famous Chocolates Always in Stock
A visit to our store will convince you of the real values
we have to offer
LOWELL DRUG COMPANY
LOWELL, ARIZ.
The Patriotic Kitchen '
Mrs. Ada Reasoner, Supervisor of Home Economioj, Bisebee, Ariz.
The opportunity is rare
even in larger cities to have
such an cxov.isite and large '
assortment of Diamond
Mounted Jewelry to select
from, as we are showing.
The newest creations in
both Platinum and Gold
Mounted Diamonds, Bar
Pins, Lavallieres, Festoons,
Ear-Rings, Cuff Links,
Scarf Pins and Rings, in al
most endless variety. The
prices are as attractive as
the assortment.
7
YOU ARP AND
TO
FINE FVVn ...
DESIGNNc Done
AND
Solitaire Diamond Rings $25.00 to $550.00
Banquet Diamond Rings $60.00 to $350.00
Cluster Diamond Rings $75.00 to $350.00
Diamond Bar Pins $25.00 to $300.00
Diamond Lavallieres $ 5.00 to $350.00
Diamond Festoons $25.00 to $200.00
Diamond Ear-Rings $10.00 to $500.00
Diamond Cuff Links $ 7.00 to $100.00
Diamond Scarf Pins $10.00 to $550.00
Courteous Treatment Competent Mangement.
Miry Swartz Rose has said: "Every
two drops of fat make a calorie and
every calorie counts in the world to
day." If every cook would say this to her
self, it might seem worth while to
hold the pan a minute and drain out
the fat for. further use. A thousand
calories mean a day's life to a baby.
Pats supply energy to the body and
some fats, as butter, have stuff in
them for growth.
They furnish 2 1-4 times as much
heat and energy as carbohydrates.
They are necessary in the diet, with
out fats people weaken and waste.
We must continue sending fats to the
allies by the shipload, therefore, it
is necessary that fat must be saved
and not wasted. Many dishes can be
made with less fat than we are ac
customed to or with different kinds
from those we have hitherto preferred.
In adjusting recipes to use Uie sub
stitute fats, it is necessary that the
house wife knows the shortening value
of the fat In the original recipe, as
well as that of the substitute fat.
Lard is 100 per cent fat, but butter
is less. The following table will be
of help in the use ot substitute fats
Vi Cup butter Vg cup chicken fat.
ft Cup butter eup lard, less 1 tea
spoon. Cup butter cup of oleomarga
rine, less one table-spoon.
i Cup butter cup cotton seed oil,
less one table-spoon..
1 Cup nuts 1-3 cup butter.
1 Cup chocolate 1-3 cup butter.
Butter is one of the most expensive
foods of a household. It is because
or its flavor that it so desirable. It
is one of the necessary foods in the
diet ot children. But it is not neces
sary for the adult. In cooking, other
fats may be substituted with very
satisfactory results. Every thrifty
housekeeper should have butter sub
stitutes in her refrigerator and should
use all with alscretion.
The vegetable fata commonly used
are cotton seed oil, peanut oil, corn
oil and olive oil.
At best, foods coated with tat are
difficult of digestion. Pat forms a
seal about other materials, thus hin
dering their digestion. The best fat
for frying is that which can be reated
to a very high temperature without
burning. Pats listed according to
their burning point are as follows.
Vegetable fats, of which the best for
frying Is olive oil. but it is too ex
pensive for practical use, and one of
the cheaper vegetable fats may be
used pure leaf lard, tallow drippings,
oleomargarine and butter, therefore.
It will be seen from this list that the
vegetable fats have the highest burn
ing points, while buter decomposes
at the loweBt temperature.
Ways of Saving Fat
Use little pastry and fried foods.
Use substitutes for cooking.
Use drippings.
Trim your neat and melt the tat.
Don't let a scrap get into the gar
bage paiL
Use butter sparingly on the table,
except for children.
Do not use it for cooking.
When you make pies, use on crust
Instead of two and use the vegetable
fats Instead of animal fats in making
the pastry.
Do not try In deep fat.
' Bake croquettes in the oven.
Make meat 'loaf instead of meat
croquettes.
Either do not use recipes calling
for a large quantity ot fat or try to
reduce the amount.
Waste no soap save the scraps. It
is made of fat. Pats that cannot be
used for cooking should be saved and
mad into soft soap.
Our waste of animal fat has been
awful. Save it.
The following recipes are excellent
conservers, both of fat and sugar.
Take all measurements level and
measure flour after sifting:
Peanut Butter 'Muffins
2 table-spoons of peanut butter.
1 table-spoon of fat.
2 table-spoons of sugar or
3 tablespoons ot corn syrup.
Vz tea-spoon of salt.
2 teaspoons of baking powder,
cup of milk reduce liquid if corn
syrup is used.
cup of flour.
1 egg.
Mix fat, peanut butter and sugar,
add flour, baking powder and salt,
sifted together alternately with milk;
add egg .beaten light. Lake in muffin
tins in, a. hot oven.
Fat may be omitted if evaporated
milk Is used. These are good with
out eggs. This makes two dozen
small muffins.
Peanut Butter Cookies
Xi cup peanut butter.
yt cup sugar or HVup sugar and U
cup of honey. J
1 egg. .
3 table-spoons of milk.
cups ot flour.
1 tea-spoon of baking powder.
tea-spoon of soda.
Cream peanut butter and sugar, sift
dry ingredients and add alternately
with the milk; add egg, beaten light;
drop from teaspoon on oiled pan. This
makes 28 cookies.
Apple Roll
1 cup of corn flour.
1 cup of wheat flour.
tea-spoon ot salt.
4 tea-spoons of of baking powder.
2 table-spoons of fat.
cup of corn syrup.
IVi cups of chopped apples.
Sift dry ingredients, cut in tat, add
liquid, making a dough atifi enough to
roll. Pare and chop the apples. Roll
dough into a sheet hi inch in thick
ness and spread the apples, syrup,
small bits of oleomargarine, cinnamon
or nutmeg over the dough. Roll up
like a jelly roll, cut into slices 1 inch
thick and place on ai oiled pan, far
enough apart to allow them to swell
while baking. Bake brown in a mod
erate oven. , Serve with whipped
cream or lemon sauce.
Lemon Sauce
Vt cup sugar.
4 cup of corn syrup.
yt cups of water.
1 table-spoons of flour.
2 table-spoons of oleomargarine.
i tea-spoon of lemon extract or
juice of M lemon.
Mix flour and sugar, mix with com
syrup, add water and boll 5 minutes,
add fat and flavoring.
Substitute Pudding
(Without eggs, flour, fat or sugar)
1 cup of cooked prunes or dates,
after seeding.
cup of corn syrup.
1 cup of chopped nuts.
yt cup of evaporated milk.
1 tea-spoon of baking powder.
yt cup cracker crumbs( roll fine).
.1 tea-spoon of vanilla
Speck ot salt.
Mix baking powder, salt and crack
ed crumbs, chop prunes and nuts;
mix all Ingredients, pour Into a but
tered baking dish; bake in a moderate
oven tor 20 minutes or until the mix
ture is firm. Serve with plain or
whipped cream, sweetened and flav
ored. The allies already have simplified
the task of establishing a new govern
ment in Germany by making it un
necessary to have either a minister of
colonies or a minister of the navy.
Arkansas Gazette.
Perhaps nothing better expresses
the melancholia of Mr. Hohenzol'urn
tbun to say he is as happy as a kmc
St. Louis Star.
COMPLETE STOCK
$350 to
EASY TERMS
NO INTEREST
W.MUI
Bisbee Fuel and
Feed Company
Phone 121
Office Below Copper Queen Hotel
COAL,
WO
Bisbee Fuel and
Feed Company
Phone 121
Office Below Copper Queen Hotel
i
J
City Dye Works
PHONE 739
CLEANING
PRESSING
Opposite Y. W. C. A.
Review Want Ads Bring Results FOUR
TIE WOE I OF T
P
11
JL
wua
1
Q
MIST GO ON!
Red Cross
Christmas
Roll Call
The misery and sickness and
destitution throughout the world
make relief work necessary on
a scale never before dreamed of.
When distress calls, the Great
est Mother in the World an
swers "Here"
Put Your Flag
in the
Front. Window
Campaign Ends Monday
m
The War Is Over
But the Work of the Red Cross
Must Go On!
We Must "Carry On" Until Every One of
Our Brave Boys is Back in Our
- Own United States,
It is Not Much that Each oi Us
Must Do
But Each of Us Must Do that Much.
We Are Asked for Just
One Dollar
" li.li ii ,. .yj
1 1 mtn I
"ii n
Have Your
Dollar
Ready
The annual Christmas Roll Call
for members echoes throughout
the land this week. When your
name is called, you are going
to answer "Here" because you
know your duty, and you are
going to do it.
Wear Your
Button Where
It Can. Be Seen
Campaign Ends Monday
This Advertisement Patriotically Donated by
t
HOGAN & SEED GUS HAIGLER T.A.HUGHES M. C. HIGH . C. H. HOGAN
L. J. OVERLOOK L w! WALLACE THE BIS BEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 22, 1918.
FIVE
REVIEW WANT ADS
Advertisements under tila head at the rate of 1 cent per word for each
issue, with a minimum charge of 25 cents. Advertisements must reach
The Review office not later than 8 p. m. for insertion the next morning.
Female Help Wanted
WANTED A housekeeper to look
after six children. Good home
for right person. Mike Lazovich,
Cochise. 347
Positions Wanted
WANTED Position, by experienced
lady stenographer and bookkeeper.
References. L. P, care Review. 291
WANTED To go with party in auto
mobile trip as chauffeur. B. B., Re
view. 313
WANTED Position as engineer or
truck driver, 15 years in gasoline
and steam. Speak Spanish. Mas-lei-
mechanic on last job, gasoline
iachinery. Will go anywhere, un-u-.jtand
hauling, highway and mining-
Call or address. Room 20, Ho
tel Golden, Bisbee. Ariz. 265
For Sale
FOR SALE Two room' house. In
quire Mike McFadden, South Bisbee.
416
FOR SALE 40-acre ranch near Ram
sey canyon, especially adapted fruit,
two year trees, bore 20 pounds last
year. No irrigation necessary,
ground ready to set 2500 trees, also
fine for hogs and chickens. House,
barn, 330 rods farm fence, balance
barbed wire. Cow, chickens, sow,
plenty of water, for $1250. Samuel
Thomas Pyeatt, Garces, Ariz. 422
FOR SALE 200 shares of Northwest
Inspiration company stock. Price
$100. P. O. Box 194. 405
FOR SALE One four room house,
bath and toilet 47 J. E. T., Pobnson
addition. 426
FOR SALE 1917 Dodge five-passenger
touring car in perfect condition,
at a bargain. Borderland garage,
Johnson addition. 423
FOR SALE Nearly' new Lozier car,
bargain, cost $2800, sell cheap.
John Nicolick, 143 Opera Drive. 365
FOR SALE One piano, $225 cash. W.
Muir. 342
FOR SALE One piano, $125 cash. W.
Muir. 341
FOR SALE Five room house and
screened porch, big yard, 12 fruit
bearing trees. 145 B Dubaker can-
. yon. 244
FOR SALE One burro, two young
does, one buck, one gas oven coal oil
heater. R. E. Lalond, white house
opposite old school house in War
ren. 340
FOR SALE; Two cement houses, one
eight-room and one four-room, with
' some- furniture. Johnson avenue,
. Ko. 80 Johnson addition. - - - S48
FOR SALE) Gas range ana hoosier
cabinet Apply 14 Jiggerville. 349
FOR SALE Ford, well equipped.
Owned by mechanic. $500 cash,
worth it Box H, Review. 346
FOR SALE Mets two passenger car,
good running order. Stevens Elec
tric shop. 339
FOR SALE My improved ranch, suit
able for stock or truck raising.
$1000 cash, balance terms. A. G.
Hughes, 110 Opera Drive, cor Broad
way and Central school. 315
FOR SALE OR TRADE 160 acres
land eastern New Mexico. Will
take Ford car on first payment
Address Box S62, City. 289
FOR SALE California bakery. $200
cash a day. Want to leave. Y. Rada
novich " 290
FOR SALE Four room furnished
house in Warren, second house from
car barn on Arizona street. 723
FOR SALE Black Persian kittens,
two months old, $8. Call 769. 724
FOR SALE Boarding house, well
stocked with supplies, furniture and
groceries. Inquire 26 Hughes block.
Will sell cheap. 718
FOR SALE Set ladies new furs. 169
Temby. 717
FOR SALE: Cheap, three typewriters.
No. 4 Bauer hill. 667
FOR RENT Three rooms in Warren.
. Hogan & Seed. 6S0
FOR SALE Cheap, one six-room
house on car line, Tombstone can
yon. Hogan & Seed. 639
FOR SALE Ford touring car in fine
condition, only used a year. Call at
Hood & Bledsoe garage, Johnson ad
dition, dh-tf
. FOR SALE The Samson honse, cor
ner G avenue and Fourteenth street,
Douglas, Ariz. For further informa
tion apply A. J. Applen, 181 Temby
avenue, or Box 638, Bisbee, Ariz. 283
FOR SALE: Upright piano, standard
make, nearly new. part on time. Ad
dress, P. O. Box 666, Warren. 600
FOR SALE: Player piano, oak case,
nearly new, at a bargain, easy pay
ments. A. Z. Megcde, jcwelei, Lo
well. 0K8
FOR SALE Uncalled for suits. M.
Levin, Lowell, Ariz. 597
FOR SALE: The I'rensure Cooker.
Phone 734 for cookers or demonstra
tion. Bisbee Mattress Works. 527
For Exchange
FOR EXCHANGE For small room
ing house, one Overland t ar, in good
fhape, classy looker. Further iar
tkulars address. Box 1VW, Bisbee.
SIS
For Rent
FOR RENT Two or three well fur
nished housekeeping rooms, lights,
water furnished, gas heater, range.
Phone 418. Call 16 1-2 Tate hill,
Johnson addition. 424
FOR RENT Furnished housekeeping
rooms, lights and water. 41-B O. K.
street. 397
FOR RENT Two rooms furnished for
housekeeping and three room furn
ished house. Balgay house, 153
Temby avenue. 345
FOR RENT Three light housekeep
ing rooms with bath. No children.
Phone 544. 212 Naco road. Custom
House car stop. 317
FOR RENT Two rurnished house
keeping rooms. 86-B Brewery
Gulch. 292
FOR RENT Pasture for grazing cat
tle by month. Samuel Leiendecker,
Hereford, Ariz. 642
FOR RENT Comfortable sleeping
room, gas heat. Suitable for one
man. 49 O. K. street. 562
JWanted
WANTED A room close in, in private
family. Box A. B., Review. 369
WANTED Cattle ranches. We have
buyers for ranches with or without
cattle, worth from $50,000 to $300,
000. Give full description, price,
terms, etc., in first letter. Commis
sion charges of 5 per cent, in case
we make the sale. Write at once to
W. E. Hale, care James L. Marr &
Co.. 304 San Antonio street, El Paso,
Texas. . 353
WANTED Place in good family for
boy of 2 1-2 years, where father can
board or room. State price and par
ticulars. F. N., care Review. 343
WANTED Second hand roll top desk
in good condition. A. B., Review.
312
WANTED Five people to take up
homesteads, first class land. A
good business proposition. Call Dr.
Martin. Phone 329. 311
WANTED To rent or lease, rooming
or boarding house. G. F., Review.
730
Miscellaneous
GOSSARD CORSETS FOR SALE
From $2 up. All corsets carefully
fitted. ' Inea Warburton, next Ari
zona Grocery store, upper Main. 433
HISTORY WORLD WAR Introduc
tion by eGneral March. Don't miss
our biggest terms. Supersedes all
others. Absolutely authentic. Big
gest pictorial book. Free outfit.
,. Historical Book company, Chicago,
111. 407
CLOSING OUT SALE Starts Decem
ber 20, 1918i Selling the entire stock
at coBt We have a large stock of
beds and springs. Selling them at
10 per cent under cost. Call in and
see us. Chris Heikkinen furniture
store, Johnson addition. 720
HISTORY OF THE WORLD WAR
By Francis A. March, brother of
Gen. Peyton C. March. Complete
800 pages illustrated official photo
graphs. Your chance to make $500
per month. Freight paid, credit giv
en. Outfit free. Victory Publishing
company, 4C1 S. Dearborn, Chicago,
Ills. 408
PIANO LESSONS Mrs. B. S. Powell,
Ash apartments, 128 Opera Drive.
677
OFFICIAL ENDORSED WAR BOOK.
MAPS. CHARTS AND DIAGRAMS
Only war book containing unique
copyrighted service insert for sol
diers' photograph and record. Sells
to every soldier and friends regara
less other war books. Endorsed by
Gen. Peyton C. March. Complete
and authentic. Official photographs,
low price. Agent's profit $1.10 to
$1.50. Big premium extra. Prompt
Shipment. Freight paid. Credit
given. Send 10 cents for postage on
magnificent free outfit. Baldwin
company, Cleveland, Ohio., 314
Rockefeller Bldg. 406
MADAME J. REA KEYS Next door
to Lowell Waiting Room, Lowell,
. Ariz. Clarivoyant and crystal read
er. Dead trance spirit medium, born
with a double veil, without asking
questions gives you dates, facts and
figures, and will read your entire
life. Hours 10 a. m. to 9 p. m.
Phone 62. Home Phone 559. 634
GOSSARD CORSETS FOR SALE
. From $2 up. All corsets
carefully fitted. Ines Warburton,
next Arizona Grocery store, upper
Main. 66
VISIT MADAM CLARK The well
known Clarivoyant and Palmist.
Are you in trouble of any kind, un
happy, dissatisfied with life, have
domestic,' love, or business troubles?
You will be told how to overcome
them all. Whatever your trouble is,
I tan help you. Hours 10 a. m. to
8 pm. daily. Lowell Hotel, Rooms
1 and 2, Lowell, Ariz. 88
WRITE TO "Y. M. C. A. School, Los
Angeles," about Auto, Radio, Com
mercial aud Engineering courses.
Train for service. 268
SCECOND HAND CLOTHES Bought.
Phone 739. City Dye Works. 604
Money to Loan
SMALL QUICK LOANS Ou your per
sonal note to salaried men and wo
men, also on luruituro. Cox Loan
company, Koom 7, Sparks Kline
buildiug. 166
NEW ERA GOMES FOR
CHLORIDE DISTRICT
Application of More Scientific Prin
ciple for Handling of Base Ores
Meets With Immediate Success at
Empire Isle Leaching Plant
CHLORIDE, Aril., Dec. 21. It is be
lieved a new era is opening for this lo
cality, with the application of more
scientific methods for handling the
base ores of the district. Many min
ing failures heretofore have been di
rectly due to poorly designed mills
that failed to get more than a small
part of the value from the ore crushed.
The old Tennessee property, on which
an immense fortune has been spent, is
one of the cases in point. Its equip
ment has been about obliterated and
the new Schuylkill company has made
over the mine at a cost of $250,000,
and is preparing to equip the two
properties with a modern reduction
plant
Lead-Zinc Ore
Late developments on the 900 Ten
nessee level, toward Schuylkill ground,
have run into 40 per cent lead-silver
ore, carrying also 15 ounces of silver.
This is assumed to be a continuation
of a smaller,-though not as rich, lens
cut on the 600 level.
In the Chloride Queen on the 220
level is being followed an 18 inch
streak of silver ore, with some gold
and very little lead.
x Leaching Plant Success
Entire success appears to have at
tended operations of the novel copper
leaching plant of the . Emerald Isle
company, with returns of 4 per cent
from the surface ores. An incline
shaft is being' driven down into proven
mineral ground.
The 400 foot main shaft of the
Walkover property is to be unwatered
by W. L. McKay, who will sample the
property and who then may enter
upon extensive development work.
REI NIGER-FREEMAN MINE
SHOWS MUCH IMPROVEMENT
TUCSON, Ariz.. Dec. 21. Antici
pating early entry to ore bodies and
in preparation for rapid sinking of
.the main shaft to the 600-level, the
Reiniger-Freeman mine in Pima is
making ready to receive considerable
new equipment. The work from the
330-level in the shaft has gone through
the main fault on the north. The
softness of this fault, together with
the presence of much mineralization
on the north side, lends every encour
agement to the positive conviction
entertained that drifting now under
way will soon reach an ore body on
the lime contact The cross-cut
northwest from the 330-level, started
before the main fault was reached, is
in exceedingly promising country and
should be in ore on the contact west
of the main fault within a short
time. The rock is at present alive
with iron and garnet, accompanied
by lead.
Madam Clark
CLAIRVOYANT
MADAME CLARK The well known
clairvoyant and palmist. Are you
In trouble? If so, why not let
Madame Clark help you, as she Is
helping others every day.
TELLS HOW TO WIN
THE ONE YOU LOVE
How to gain the love of the one you
most desire, even though miles away;
how to succeed in business; specula
tions; lawsuits r how to marry the one
of your choice. Advice in love, mar
riage, business, speculation, invest
ments, gives dates, facts, figures, tells
you of living or dead. YOUR SEC
RET TROUBLES, the cause and rem
edy; in fact, tells everything. Gives
infallible advice on all affairs of life.
If you are in trouble of any kind, un
happy, not satisfied in life, have do
mestic, love or business troubles, you
will be told how to overcome them
all. My record for successful work
during the past year is as follows:
Reunited 162 couples,
brought about 227 marriages.
Located 27 absent persons.
Overcome 220 rivals.
Removed 37 evil influences.
Whatever your trouble is, 1 can
help you.
MADAME CLARK
Hours: 10 a. m. to 8 p. in., daily
Lowell Hotel Rooms 1 aud 2.
Get Rid of That
Persistent Cough
Btop that ' wfdkenlnsr. persistent oonsrli
or cold, threatening throat op lime
affections, with Eck man's Alterative,
thp tonic and uphutlder of 3U year'
FUi-resHful u.p. 80c and bottles
from ilniKRints. or from
KCKMAN LA&ORATOKx. Philadelphia
REVIEW WANT ACS
BRING RESULTS
Mining and Financial News
BY REVIEW
NEW YORK. Dec. 21. Trading in
stocks today was superficial and color
less to an unusual degnge.tthe only
notable features being contributed by
several issues of the speculative class,
such as motors, oils and minor equip
ments. Rails made further recoveries from
their depression of the preceding ses
sion, although moderate pressure con
tinued to be exerted against the trans
continentals. United States Steel traversed its re
cent circumscribed area, but a few
related stocks, namely Baldwin Loco
motive, American Car and Railway
Steel Springs, gave up 1 to 1V6 points.
Mairen preferred yielded its 1 point
gain, but other shippings were firm
to strong, together with sundry spe
cialties. Beet Sugar, Distillers and
United States Rubber featuring the
miscellaneous division. Sales amount
ed to 225,000 shares.
Trade reviews were more encourag
ing in their surveys of future condi
tions, the present period of hesitation
being regarded as a mere prelude to
further expansion, especially in for
eign fields.
The bank statement was feature
less for this important period of the
year, showing a moderate contraction
of actual loans and a corresponding
increase of excess reserve.
Bonds were again inclined to ease,
probably as a result of another de
clined in Liberty fourth 44s to the
new low record of $94.30. Total sales,
par value, aggregated $9,250,000. Old
United States bonds were unchanged
on call during the week.
WEEKLY FINANCIAL REVIEW.
NEW YORK. Dec. 21. Confusion
and further unsettlement were the
chief concomitants of the week in the
securities market, traders and the
oublic alike paying little heed to such
auguries as a wheat crop of extra
ordinary promise and the more hope
ful views of leaders of finance and
industry.
The one concrete feature was the
flotation and ready sale of a round
amount of Pennsylvania railroad bonds
at terms regarded as advantageous
both to the venders and purchasers.
The transaction derived its special
significance, however, from the fact
that it marked the first important
project of its kind since the signing
of the armistice.
Substantial reactions 'from recent
high quotations among the steel, cop
per and kindred shares doubtless were
prompted by a growing conviction that
those products are almost approach
ing levels attractive to consumers.
Fully 75 per cent of the week's
liquidation of bonds centered in Lib
erty issues, the fourth 4,4s showing
most impairment, while the first 4s
dropped to the year's lowest price.
FEDERAL RESERVE BANKS.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 21. Discounts
of the 12 federal reserve banks show
a shrinkage under previous weekly
totals in the combined statement of
the institutions as they were at close
of business Friday, both in bills se
cured by government war obligations,
and bills representing ordinary busi
ness credits. For the second consecu
tive week the statement showed a net
increase In the proportion of gold re
serves held against federal reserve
notej circulating as currency, though
the total of such notes in circulation
increased during the week from $2,
604,580,000 to $2,663,701,000.
CLEARING HOUSE REPORT.
NEW YORK. Dec. 21. The actual
condition of clearing house banks and
trust companies for the week shows
they hold $59,691,750 reserve in ex
cess of legal requirements. This is
an increase of $19,822,240 from last
week.
GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, Dec. 21. Notwithstand
ing that new hih price levels for the
season were touched today by Decem
ber and January corn, the entire mar
ket later developed weakness owing
to a sharp cut in quotations on un
desirable holdings. The close was
unsettled at the same as yesterday's
finish to lc lower, with January
$1.38 to $1.384 and May $1.35 to
$1.35. Oats finished to c orf,
and provisions down 20 to 80c.
Continued rainy weather that would
greatly interfere with shelling and
wagon traffic formed the chief bullish
influences as to corn. In addition,
however, advices were at hand show
ing that the surplus states this year
had produced about 150,000,000 bush
els less than the average. Then came
word that in order to effect a clear
ance of stale hogs here, commission
houses has been authorized as low as
$15.50. Although announcement was
mitde that the cut was only for today
and that the average of $17.50 for
packers' droves this month and next
would ftili stand, tho corn market
promptly began to decline and re
mained heavy throughout the rest of
the dHy.
Oats gave way with corn.
In provisions, as in grain, the effort
to free the yards from left over hogs
had an evident bearish effect.
COTTON MARKET.
NEW YORK. lec. 21. Cotton
closed steady at a net advance of 16
to 76 points.
Closing quotations December 21, 1918.
vL. J. Overlook, Broker.)
NEW YORK.
Adveiituro ... .
Anaconda
A 111 11. Can
A11111. Car
Ainu. Snifltrrs .
A 11111. Loco.
Ilaldwln
IU'th. It
Canadian I'.nilic
(Vntntl Leather
Crni itilc
Iistill r . . . . .
Kill!
Ct'iiciHl Motor
Ion
til'i
4f.W
8 v
7S
i
75
156
:.s
57
514
17 '.j
12ii
LEASED WIRE
Ind. Alcohol '.
Lackawanna ...
Marine
Marine pfd
Midvale
Mexican Petroleum
N. Y. C
Northern Pacific . . .
Reading
Rubber
Rep. Steel
Studebaker
Steel com
Steel pfd.
Southern Pacific . .
Texas Oil
Union Pacific
United Motors
U. S. M
103
67 4
26 V
lll'i
44
1677$
76
93
SI 4
77
74
51
96
1124
98
187
127 Va
34
47
100
46
3
12
64
435
44
33
18
94
81
45
30
7
75
45
34
100
6
i
23
53
3
"Vs
9
12
36
53
14
63
20 V4
16
3
3
44
74
74
' 8
95
11
5
100
16
16
1
6
7
5
11
17
100
4
2'i
3
15
45
;
5
27
4
"s
2
80
3'i
160
S5
4
37
i'i
16
4
BOSTON.
Adventure
AUouei
Alaska
Az. Coml
C. & A
C. & H
C. Range
Chino ..
Chile
,E. Butte
uranDy
G. Can
Goldfield
Hancock
Indiana
Inspiration ... .
Kennecott
Keweenaw ... .
Lake
La Salle
Miami .'
Mohawk
Mayflower ... .
Nevada
Nip
N. Butte
Old Dom
Osceola
Pond Ck
Quiiyy
Ray. Con
Shattuck
Shannon
Superior Boston
St Marys i
Utah Copper . . .
Utah Copper ...
Utah Con
Winona
CURBS.
A. & A :
Ariz. Bing. '
Ariz. Sil. King..'.
Big Eedge
Butte & London
Cal. & Jer
Cornelia
Con. Ariz
Con. Copper
Cosden
Cresson
Curtiss
Denn
Dundee
Emma
"Federal Oil
Gadsden
Grand Island
Green Monster
Globe Dom
Hull
Howe Sound
Hecla
J. Verde
Magma Copper
Magma Chief
Miami Con
Mines of America
Okmulgee
Porphyry
Ray Here
Tcm Reed
Tuolomne
U. Eastern
Verde Ex
Wol. Ariz
West Knd
White Caps
Wright Martin
Verde Combn
OATMAN.
(By Collins A Bretherton.)
Argo ... '. 04
Adams .oj
Arizona Rex
Art-Tom I; 32
Big Jim Con 05
Boundary Cone
Gold Ore . 03
Cold Road Bon
Gold CliVf
Lucky Boy 01
Sunnjvid s 05
Telluride 10
Tom Reed 1.58
United Eastern 4.50
United Western .02
Red Lion
OTHER CURBS.
Gadsden 2.87
Green Monster 37
Butte London ' 14
Dundee 87
Venture Hill 02
Fitts-Jerome 10
Jerome Verde 44
Ark-Arizona 10
Jerome Portland
Ins-Needles 06
Hull Copper 40
Magma Chief 12
Wolv-Arlzo3.i 2.00
Verde Combination 62
Miami Consolidated 02
Kay Copper
Nacozari Consolidated ...
Con Cop. Mines 6 J.
Porphyry ,
.04
15
,.04
.10
.02
04
.02
15
.06
.06
.13
1.60
4.62
.03
.20
3.00
.44
.16
1.00
.t'4
.12
.50
.12
.17
.12
.45
.25
2.18
.09
.04
'
o5
6.50
.50
.1(1
12
It.ai. & Jerome 44
leather River
MILK ANALYSIS FOR
WEEK JUST ENDED
Thf report of the city bacterioloi
Dr. It. B Ditrfec. for the week endi
December Z. tliowiiiK analsis
milk, follows:
San .Jose
lanlar1
Bisbee Creamery
Iluxy I tee Kruit Market
4.
3.S
9.
36
Hillside Dairy 3.8
Mrs. Klliott 5.
A. M. Collins 4 6
J. I 'on ley A :i !l
J. Conley It 4 3
W. S. l!ats 4 6
F. Cuenero 51
LODGE NOTICES
Cards of every fraternal order in the Warren District; giving the es
sential facts of each, their meeting nights, their officers and the place of
gathering will be found under their respective headings in these columns.
BISBEE LODGE NO. 718.
L. O. O. M.
Meets every Friday
I night, Moose HalL
Visiting brothers cor
dially invited.
R, L GLEASON,
Dictator.
BISBEE LODGE NO. 10. I. O. O. F.
meets every
Thursday
evening at Odd
Fellows' Hall
Subway street at 7:30 o'clock. Visiting
brothers cordially Invited to attend.
Hall phone 119.
G. A. PLUNKETT. N. O.
LESTER EUSTACE, Sec'y.
PYTHIAN 8I8TER8
Lily Temple No. 3 meets every 2nd
and fourth Tuesday evening of each
month at Odd Fellows HalL Visiting
sisters are cordially invited.
MINNIE BLUM, M. E. C.
Phone Black 851.
IDA GLAZE, M. of R. C
Box 1475
FRATERNAL ORDER OF EAGLES
Bisbee Aerie
" No. 175. F. O.
7?1l E.. meets 1st
' 5T and 34 Tues-
"VV:! days, 8 p. m
Eagles' Hall.
r2r Via itnf rtr.
J. F. WILMOTH, Presdnt.
F. C. FENDERSON, Secretary.
C. I EDMTJNDSON. Aerie Physician.
BROTHERHOOD OF AMERICA
. YEOMAN
Richard I, Homestead S3S, meet sec
ond and fourth Tuesdays at Medigo
vich halL Visiting Archers are cor
dially invited.
F. W. TURNER, Foreman,
Phone Black 46$.
P. O. Box 981, Warren.
E. D. STINSON,
Correspondent, Box 1496.
WEEK ENDING DECEMBER 28, 1918
Monday
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday
Kriaay Blue installation
Jf SatnrHav
W. W. GIDLEY. W M.
B. T. W ATKINS, Sec'y, F. & A. M.
J. W. TOLAND. E. H. P.
C. F. PHILBROOK, T. L U.
F. E. BENNETT. E. C.
F. S. DAVENPORT, Secretary Chap
ter and Commandery. ,
W. R. BANKS, Secretary Council.
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
DREADNAUGHT
U O. U NO. 21a
meets in t. O.
O. F. Hall flntl
and third
MONDAY at
7:30 p. m.
Visiting broth
era cordially
Invited to at
tend.
WM. T. SMTTHAN. W. M.
ROBERT FERGUS. Secretary
P. O. Box 426. Bisbee.
CWto Feed
Wood, Coal and'Hay
INDEPENDENT
FUEL & FEED COMP'Y
UPPER MAIN STREET
Phone 235
MONEY TO LOAN
Watches, Diamonds, Jewelry, Etc.
Reliable House 19 Branch Stores.
United Loan Jewelry Co. -
BISBEE .: BREWERY GULCH
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Solicits Your
Patronage
PHONE 53 "
A Trial Solicited Prompt Delivery
Standard Laundry
FOR "QUALITY AND SERVICE"
A. OWERS, Mgr.. Bakerville
Phone 57
BISBEE TRANSFER,
STORAGE & COAL CO.
Warehouse A Office Opposite Depot
PHONES 640 and 58.
HENNESSY
Undertaking Parlors
PHONE IS OK ST.
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
KNIGHTS Of PYTHIAS
Rathbona Lodge No. It
ITnlrhta of T-f Vi I
meets each Tuesday
(except second) In Odd
ij; Fellows' Hall at 7: It
p p. m. Visiting brothers
cordially invited.
H. E. WOOTON. C. U
W. E. McCALLCM. K. of R. 3-
LODGE NO. 671
Regular meeting first and third Fri
day of each month. Visiting brothers
cordially invited to attend.
JAS. ALLISON. Exalted Ruler.
C. W. HICKS. Secretary.
WOODMEN 01-' THE WORLD
Lowell Camp No. 46 will meet every
second and fourth Tuesday at 7: SO
p. m, Finnish HalL
D. C. SAXBY, C. C.
O. B. THOMAS, Clerk.
All Woodmen invited.
ORDER OF EASTERN 8TAR
meets in Masonic HaD
Pearl Chapter. No. C. meets
in Masonic Hall second and
fourth Tuesday of each
month at 7:30 p. m.
MRS. EMMA WOODS. W. M.
Phone 161, Bex 43, Bisbee
MRS. JESSIE BEVAN, Sec'y. P. a
Box 2299. Chairman Relief Cam.
Phone 16L
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED
AMERICAN MECHANICS
Meets in L O- O. F.
Rail First and Third
Saturdays. V I s 1 1 in
brothers welcome.
S. F. BENTON, Councillor.
F. M. WILLIAMS, Rec. Sec'y.
FRATERNAL
BROTHERHOOD
T. f. a
Bisbee Lodge No.
452 meets the 1st
and 3rd Mondays
of each month at
7:30 at Medigc
vich Hall. Visit
ing members cordially invited.
B. F. MOSS. President.
MRS. C. E. FINOTTI. Treasurer.
- ..Box 7,22. TeL 236, Red.
HONORA MUNCH, Secretary.
Box 1621.
MODERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA
Bi3bee Camp No. 13414
Meets 1st Saturday
Uedigovich Hali.
X U MOTZ. ConsuL
3 F. MATHEWSON.
Clerk.
r
C H. HOGAN
Office Below
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
Phone 121
REAL ESTATE
RENTALS
FIRE INSURANCE
NOTARY
LEGAL BLANKS
Phone 121
Office Below
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
C H. HOGAN
COLLINS &
BRETHERTON
We Specialize In
JEROME
AND
OATMAN
STOCKS
Jack Bldg., Main Street
Phone 26 Box 1129
THE REVIEW
Job Department
will furnish you an r-stimatc
on that job on short notice ' SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 22, 1918.
This Store Will RemainJOpen
UNTIL 8:00 P. M.
Christmas Eve ONLY!
This Store Will Remain Open
UNTIL 8:00 P. M
Christmas Eve ONLY!
UNITED STATES FOOD ADMINISTRATION LICENSE NO. G-13942
Best Wi
a Mem
i
Xmas
5-
ros?
FAY the remembrance you receive be just what you wanted, and may those you give be just
L blAKlb 1U1V1UKKUVY MUIUN 11N jr.
today and we have arranged to serve
Xmas store, the Xmas spirit is exem
plified in the courtesy our salespeople give you. Big assortments of practical gifts are still here.
MORE
DAYS
EFORE XI
B
elow We Beg to Offer You a Few Timely Gift Suggestions:
A Diamond Ring or a Beautiful Piece of
r is a stunning present tor Amas,
? and appreciated by, : everyone.
If Come in and let us show you
what a wonderful assortment we
r.i iA-r aa nave.
A Nice Piece of Cut Glass
is a very brilliant gift, and shines wonderfully as a Christmas
present. A very large choice is to be found on our Second
floor. Water Pitchers, Bowls, Glasses, Bon Bon Dishes, Olive
Dishes, Sugar and Cream Sets, Salt Shakers, Etc.
Crepe de Chine Underwear';
is a beautiful gift and exceptionally desir-
auiu iui j 6 ." " - o
patterns, hand embroidered.
A Pretty Kimona
is exceptionally useful at all times. See our
display on the second floor.
v Boudoir Caps t
We will be pleased to assist you in suggesting or the selecting of any art
kle enumerated below. Most important of all is to buy only useful presents.
v
Rugs or a Nice Piece of Furniture
is entitled to consideration as a family gift, and very apprecia
tive at Xmas time.
A Nice Leather
Hand Bag
would be greatly appreci-,
ated. The new designs are U. -
very artistic. -
. Table Covers and Bureau Scarfs
are always an acceptable gift. We have som; very pretty ones
in our Art Goods Department.
Quite a number of useful articles can fce found
in Desk Supplies and they would make useful gifts.
x?wi mm Arm
I'M
A Visit to Our Hen's Department
A Gift of Neckwear
will appeal to any woman. ' We have a large assortment, and
such charming styles
are used by nearly every one and make a' pretty Xmas Gift.
We have some beauties.
. 4 r 1 L 41 1 ttL
IX vviwv w mu tvvv'Mt w -yvxu reveal a muuituae or pratucdi guw men. " o--
. .. .. . . i,.w our biz line of Neckwear, Handkerchiefs, Mufflers, Gloves, Shirts. Collars, i, quite in order for a Xmas Gift at this season of the y,
and you may be sure that any corse. bought here absolutely our gl We carry all eights and sizes.
Knit Underwear
:ar.
correct.
Our Children's Department
is overflowing with useful articles, and all of them so acceptable as a Christ
mas gift. Sweaters, Sweater Sets, Caps to match, Baby Dresses, Baby
Coats, Bath Robes and numerous other items.
Hosiery
Always a- useful present. See our display of
silk and lisle. Stockings are always welcome.
. A Set of Furs
will be joyfully received. We have a large assortment of skins in popular
1
models.
A Pretty Blouse
A Pair of Gloves
A Nice Warm
Sweater'
is a very appropriate pres
ent, and we have them in
so many styles and qualities
to select from. .
A Bottle of
Hudnuts
Col gates or Djerkisd per
fume is a very useful pres
ent for my lady's boudoir.
is one of the most popular gifts. We have a com
plete stock and thoroughly trustworthy.
is a timely gift. It will be easy to choose them here, from
such a large display.
A selection of
1 C'AU D442-Air
h Oil lUUtUO-l ,4 TT;y
would be very pleasing to many. Our f ,jl ii
prices are low and style correct. fcs
What more useful than
A Beautiful
Bath Rote
for - Xmas,, - excellent
quality and pretty de.
signs. -
r
f J'
Handkerchiefs
VI
are standard Xmas presents. Choose from our large as
sortment.
Shoes
Draperies
is a useful family gift. Surely there is one room in the
house that neds new draperies.
1,( vf x ;l 7 are very appropriate at
?ZtJ'U this time, and this is the
guarantee of satisfac
tion.
This Store Will Remain Open
UNTIL 8:00 P. M. 0
Christmas Eve ONLY!
UNITED STATES FOOD ADMINISTRATION LICENSE NO. G-13942
I This Store Will Remain Open
j UNTIL 8:00 P. M.
. Christmas Eve ONLY!