1
WEATHER.
ARIZONA: Friday and
Saturday partly cloudy
and unsealed.
'JOT1 l ..
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, FRIDAY MORNING, JANUARY 25, 1918.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
VOL.20. No. 197.
PMff
pi
I
1?
-s
1
j
'4
i
9
4
i
. 4
i
J
.3
Chamberlain Charges
Inefficiency in War
Department Actions
Chairman of Senate Military Committee Tells Associates and
Facked Galleries That President Is Uninformed of the True
State of Affairs... Senator Kirby Defends the Administra
tion, Saying It Is Completely Efficient in its Work.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
WASHINGTON, Jan. 24. In a dramatic three-hour
speech to the senate today, Senator Chamberlain, chairman
of the military committee, replied to President Wilson's state
ment that he had distorted the facts in charging that the gov
ernment had broken down in its war preparations. He de
clared the president had grossly maligned him, and not only
defended, but emphatically reiterated his assertions, made
in a recent address in New York. He said the president did j
not know the truth, and that he did. j?Z5Z&Xr
The senator disclaimed any personal rancor 'against either in answer to an attack made on him
the president or Secretary Baker, saving his only motives were Jf
patriotic, to rouse the country and to sDeed up the war bv.sidious effort in behalf of Germany,
wiping out inefficiency. In support of his position he cited j J tto'hZ
numerous incidents of-alleged inefficiency in connection withtny in opposing war legislation, had
army ordnance, clothing supplies and sanitation brought out tn7wanject partisac
during the military -committee's war inquiry. j Colonel Roosevelt came out in open
T7 pwJJ ' support of Senator Chamberlain's pro-
rioor uvwaeo. ; posals for a war cabinet and a muni-
Senators and many representatives 'crowded the floor, and uons department,
the galleries were packed. He began quietly, declaring it was j The "tleans that
with a feeling of sadness that he found it necessary to rise to-; at least a proper scheme of admims
a question of personal privilege to defend his veracity and in-nf lwlu'awar ,K
tegritv, heretofore unassailed,
-L L. J
When the Oregon senator concluded. Senator Kirby. a
member of the military committee, replied on behalf of the
administration, flatly contradicting the chairman s assertion
that facts brouzht out in the investigation proved the war
partment ineffitient.
Then the senate adjourned until Monday to cut off farther
discussion. '
No White House Comment.
There was no comment at the White House on the
Chamberlain speech. It is known, however, that administra
tion replies are to be made soon bv Senator James in the
senate and Representative Dent of Alabama, chairman of the
military committee, and Representative Glass of Virginia, in
the house. Secretary Baker probably will make his own
answer Saturday when he appears before the house committee.
The senate committee's bill for a war cabinet, about which
the controversy centers, was referred without objection today
to the military committee. The understanding is that it will
be referred to the naval committee later.
Senator Chamberlain detailed in his speech what he de
clared was proof of army inefficiency. He asserted that not
only was the president ignorant of the truth about conditions,
but that Secretary Baker also was misled, challenging the
senate and the country to inquire and then deny his asser
tions. Despite the president's opposition, he declared the
committee's army investigation would proceed and the com
mittee plans to resume its inquiry tomorrow.
Kirby Defends Administration. '
-The seaatar savs" said Senator !
rvui,y. -mat in ii4. wiien it was ap
parent that ar was going to come
on. the ordnance department was ab
solutely quiescent, and that no move
wasmade to manufacture heavy ord
nance. He cites that as an instance
of why the military establishment is
Innefficient. In 1914 the United States
bad not pone into the war, and since
1914 we fought out a presidential
campaign cn the proposition that we
should not go into war. They why
in 1914 should the military esjab'.iEh
ment have insisted that we ought to
manufacture heavy ordnance at that
time?
Another proposition that the sen-l
ator cites is this: la 1314 he sid our
ambassador. Gerard oer in Germany.
said that tne German people were
friendly and that some day we are
going to have trouble. Do you sup-
pose that the ordnance department of!
the secretary of war is going on what'.i, i .h sn,. ir5 . d.
the ambassador to Germany might j Jdent W ilson's denunciation of his crit-!
have reported here in a secret wayTUm r th Hn.rtni i hi.
v.oma we cave expected anything orjBpeech Seator Chamberlain referred
that hind? No. No man would have.10 a chart of conditios on januarT
expected it and no nmn would havejjgt, recording many deficiencies which
excused it. if money had been expend j the latter reports show no longer ex
ed aiccg that line, ijst
The senator said we are not ablel
r.nw tn nut our men in the trenches in
France and supply them with heavy
guns. We have them. They are
there. They are in the hands of our
soldiers today and can be used ef -
fectlvcly when we see fit to put our
men in the fighting front.
Sees no inefficiency.
les, oui luc .tur
to buy them from France. We have
to Diiy icem irora rramt. ...eau oi
trying to manufacture them which
omu ua iru .
seems to me that that is conclusive.
evidence of high efficiency: lo pet
the thing that you need when you need
it, and it makes no difference where,
so you can supply It. That was done.
I do not see any ainefflcienry there."
Senator Kirby said the uniform to-
day is the same weight it alays has
but as he launched into the ;
, T,, f
in the rnited SUtes armT
Every man." he added, "on the
other side, mith munitions, with riTles,
with machine suns, and everything
else to bet equip him for effective
fish tiny.
"I want to assume entire responsi-
b.iI,itjr for what 1 haT said- ndJ 8aT
" ' 'U as mou m uu UU arftiu LUIS
investieation. as a man who is ac-
customed to reading testimony, as a
man who is accustomed to rendering
judgment, that my opinion of the con
dition as it exists today is that the
military department has not fallen
down."
RFPORT Tf) r.UAMRPRI AIM
WASHINGTON. Jan. 24. A chart
oasiea on rls from all army camps
,nd ghowinK only minor r,othlnlf
un-1!hortmee!l jStilltr Januarv 19tn was
ent by secretary Baker t the senate
,,i.-,, ,m;i,w. , ,r,ar
chairman Chamberlain "made his!
Secretarv Baker said
no furtherj
"tatement v-nnM ho UsuaH nm-or K
Senatr Chamberlain's charges, remark- ln ,otal r 131' 'n1 the number of !jjtials , hasten plans for developing
ling 'The war department is in the unemployed miners totalling 11.168,, Ione attribution system for coal
j unfortunate position of being unable'tne cr 8unP'y lne Kanawha bitum-jand ws gtated ,oat definite
lto speak about certain things." He!inous ro"' district today reached the I annoancen,ent might be expected
j did comment, however, on several tea-
tures of the speech.
In connection with a letter read by
Senatr Chamberlain telling of theK01 shippers association. The car
death, or a soldier under harrowing
rircums,anres at cne of the camp8 ne
Faid 8eVera similar cases had been
calied t his attentiorl and tnat .very
precBution possible t prevent
ren(es bad been taken.
reeur-
GERMAN SAILORS RESCUED.
'Pv Reriew IexitM Wire!
COPENHAGEN Jan. 24 Seventeen
men from a German destroyer which
via struck by a mine or trpedo have
landed on the west coast of Jutland.
COLONEL SAYS
STONE SPEECH
IS INSIDIOUS
m
Roosevelt Defends His Right
tn I ntinv What H
Characterizes as ''Mai Ad
ministration Before Club.
(Br Review Leased Wire) !
WASHINGTON, Jan. 24. Theodore
Roosevelt today in a speech before the
National Press Club asserted his right
i to criticize the conduct of the war and
declared it to be every man's duty to
can accomplish anything unless the
right men are put in; but at least we
will get a proper scheme of adminis
tration. In Washington you have a
rood minr star nlavers. bnt miehtv
1 littlA tAamwfirfe
While the speech contained little
ZtlrJl
'ing the work of the senate committee.
eSSS
at the truth and he quoted from the
writings of President Wilson when at
Princeton, advocating congressional
inquiry into the acts ot the adminis
tration. Declaring the present is no time for
politics, Colonel Roosevelt said:
Against Partisanship
"No public servant and no private
citizen in his public relation at this
time has any business to consider par
tisuin nolitics in anv wav "
He said he criticized the conduct of;
the Spanish war and that his action1
then showed he believed himself to be
performing his duty now. It was nev-
; er more necessary than now, he said,
I tn toll thn iwnnlo the truth
"If conditions are good," said he,
"tell the truth. If they are bad. tell
the trnth. If they have been bad and
have become good, tell the truth."
The navy department, the colonel
added, inefficient six months ago. is
now doing excellent work. The work
of shipbuilding, he declared, recom
mended the appointment of one man
to be put in supreme charge ot the op
eration ot all vessels.
Urges Continuance
Colonel Roosevelt called for a con
tinuance ot war until victory is won.
"If any man," he said, "is not tn fav-
' or of putting this war through to the
peace ot a complete victory he s not
a loyal American. Do not forget that
the surest way to win the respect of
foe as wel laa friend is to show that
this country really fights when it gets
into a fight. Don't hit at all it you
I can help it; don't hit a man if you can
honorably avoid it; but it you do hit
him. put him to sleep."
The way to do things. Colonel
Roosevelt declared, is to do them ana
then discuss it.
"That was the course I followed,
and to which I ever have looked back
on since with impenitent satisfaction
in reference to the Panama canal. I
might have taken the matter under
advisement and put it before the sen
ate, in which case we would have a
number of most able speakers on the
subject. I preferred we should have
the canal first and the discussion af
terwards. And now. instead of discuss
inr th Panama canal before
it was
built, which would have been harmful
I thev merely discuss me. a discussion
' which 1 regard with benign interest."
MANY MINERS IDLE
(Bv Review Leased Wire
CHARLESTON. V. Va Jan.
!4.
. Vt lib the numner OI Idle mines reaca -
lowesl P,nl "lule ,Dr ol w'c
r nur.e onuu w
m o tne report mane oy ine is.ana na
ENDEAVOR
"uPP'y. n is saia. was ie man "! developed, and details morked out for
: percent ot requirements. Wages lost )th balancing of loaded and
y ltiiivj ui j t u '. ;
ness are estimated at $o0.fx0.
PERUVIAN MINISTER RESIGNS.
(By Review Leasl Wire.
LIMA. Peru. Jan. 24.-Dr. ISaHomero
Maldonado minis er of finance, has re-
ilcnofl Ilia rp onilinn m-a duo tnl
the antagonistic attitude of the rham-
ber to the new budgeL
UXJJEli TIM EE FLAGS HUT IX OXE CAUSE
IfeciW J . . vf , !
i t ft Lady Alexandra of England (above) and hlmr. de Grineau of Franc. Right Mrs. Ida Wynne Ftaca ot
. United SUtea.
These thre women, each under a separate Sag but all working for the victory of the allies, are devoting
O e-r lives to the scldiers and their comforts. Alexandra is in charge oi a hospital at Sussex. luaCAiee de
i-rtoMo, artist, is in the French Red Cross, and ilrs. Ida Wynne French of Kew York aui as!i C.uja to Deea
d'ii notable worK ir an English hospital.
GENERAL BUSS
If II If 1 llifr III Hill
Chief of Staff Arrives in Paris
to Represent the United
States on Allied Council to
Conduct the War.
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. Jan. 24. General
Taslter H. Bliss, chief of staff who
arrived in Paris today will represent
the United States army on the su
preme war conncil. Secretary Baker
in so announcing tonight disclosed
that the general is accomfanied by
high officers of every branch of the
service to advise him about any ques
tions that may arise.
General Bliss attended the first
meeting of the council and decision to
'send him back to Europe as a Per
manent representative in that body
was made because it was recognized
that General Tershing's duties in or
sanizinz and commanding the ever-
j increasing American expeditionary
(forces were too great to permit him
j to undertake the presentation of
: American views on military operations
j and to sit wiih the council in framing
i plans of strategy that cover all fronts
i tn,i au armies
No word of the departure of Gen
eral Rliss had been published until
(Continued on Pae Five)
Fuel Officials
Hasten to Make
Zones in ATation
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. Jan. 24. Continued
demoralization of railroad transporta
tion throughout the east today prompt-
! j -.it.j 9nH ..IminUr r.ti.m .r
within a tew days. The principal fea
ture of the plan will be put into ef-
lect jmmediatetv. and it will be im
proved a, fast as new routes can be
: empty car movements.
I Ccal distribution and apportionment
Jfor the country was put in charge by
'the fuel administration today of J. IV
recentlv oreaniied the National Coal
I refen!1;. i 'tui i. V .
Morrow mill supervise
;
P""-1"" w
(ConUnued on Page Two)
10 Hl'iLlUUHll Ull
BIG WAR COUNCIL
THESE HUM EX LIVE
Hun Trenches
Evacuated on
Monte Tomba
(By Review Leased Wire)
ITALIAN HEADQUARTERS IN
NORTHERN ITALY. Wednesday. Jan.
23. As a result ot a brilliant victory
French troops gained recently on
Monte Tomba. the e".c-my has secretely
evacuated the territory on the north
ern front t:om Tomba west to the
IHave rirer.
The evacuation was discovered by
rrenrli and Italian patrols and raiding
parties.
When the French made their drive
at Monte Tomba some of their detach
ments were carried by enthusiasm
through the Austro-German lines to
the banks of the Piave river. They
found the hamlets were deserted hut
it was believed this was incident to
the day's operations and it was not
then known that the section was be
ing systematically vacated by the en
emy. urther reconnaissances made in the
last few days showed there had been
a aenniie wnaraai. ymmv.
terial and supplies, had been taken
to the rear aud the long lines ot for
ward trenches were deserted.
Ruse Fools Italians.
Italian patrols exploring the region
found that the Austrians had adopted
a remarkable ruse to conceal their
departure. They had lined the tor
ward trenches with dummy soldiers
topped with helmets which protruded
sliKhtly above the trenches to give an
appearance of occupation. In one of
the battery positions they had con
structed machine guns with zinc bar
rels mounted on wood while pieces of
wood and gas pipe were shaped with
the same object.
The section evacuated includes de
fensive positions along the valley of
Omio. The enemy's retirement takes
hi:n further into the mountains. The
I heights around Monte Tomba do not
exceed 2'00 feet while those in the
vicinity of Monte Spinoncla are near
ly four thousand feet high and are
further back from the plains.
ROAD STILL BLOCKED.
Continued on Page Two)
PENVKIL Jan. 24. Hopes of end
ing tday the snoblockde in Corona
pass of the Rocky mountains, which
has tied up train service on the Denver
Mud Suit Lake railroad since January
Mh went glimmering ahen the n?ant
snow n'ow was disabled iust as the
workmen were getting through a'
blockaded snow shed. W". R. reemsn.
receiver for the road, said might he
thought the road mis!iT be cleared br
Saturday.
WORK SUSPENDED.
iPv Review Leased Wire)
PITTSBURGH. Jan. 24. The work
of the s-a'lule dotting
of the National and Amer
commission
erican leagues.
mhich is in session here, mas suspend-
!ed today by the sudden illness of Ban
IB. Johnson, president of the American
league.
LIVES FOR ALLIES
on i t
u
II
ill UUilLiUl
ADDRESSES THE
UrDTI MO
j
11
REICHSTAG
Amazed at th audacity of the Ger-
' man program the Russian delegates
Tells Audience That He Has ,lied for tim lo insider the uer.iand.
leuSfVUtuenw 11,01 lc This was grudgingly giveu to.jrtucr
Hopes the Brest .- Litovsk itn ,n,s announcement that it us luv
last postponement that couid lx ex
Pnnf.r.nr Will Result Sat- pected. The latest advices are lo th
Conference V ill Kesuit oai- the RUsiaBS nave unuii.
isfactorialv for the Teutons, niously rejected the German terms.
forth is problematical. Willi tho po:l-
i tical situation in KusU sull in tar
(Rr Review Leased Wire! moil and the battle liuo depleted :f
BERLIN. Jan. 24. The imperial fighting men through defections, it U
German chancellor, ount von Hertling.
in his address before the reichstag
today, said he still holds fast to The
hope that the Brest-Utovsk peace ne
gotiations will reach a satsfactory
conclusion at an early date.
AMSTERDAM. Jan. 14. Count von. tie line.
Hertling. the imperial German chan- j Austrian a.tuat.oi
cellor. addressed the main committee! Accounts cf the situation in Aus
of the reichstag today. The chancel tria gleaned from German newspapers
v ' 1 . k ....II ....... 1. .. . . .
,, onond hi. address with a refer-
, hi. .... wr. th
ence to his last speech before ine .
committee January 3 hen he said
the country was confronted with the
incident which had occurred at Brest
Litovsk j
"I then expressed an opinion." the
chancellor said, "that we should wait
a settlement of this ncident with all
equanimity. Tae facts have justified j
me. inasmuch as the Russian dele-;
gation again have arrived at Brest-'
Litovsk and the negotiations have .
been resumed.
"They are slowly progressing but
Continued on Tage Two)
200,000 Men Are
Still on Strike
In Dual Nation
The retrograde movement was nn-
t doitbtedly due to the hsrrassrn at
tacks the Italians, reinfovred lv the
rtv Review I.ea.1 Wire
1 ONlKN. Jan. 24. Reports receiv
ed In Copenhagen from Vienna, as ,
forwarded bv the Exchange Telegraph ;
correspondent, indicate that ioo.ooo
men there are still on strike, and that ',
the strike continues tn Hudarest. A
Vienna dispatch to tiie Vossisohe Zei Qn the other fronts the belligerents
tung of Berlin says that mhile work are keeping up their intensive bo-.nb-was
resumed in part on Monday the , ardments on various esctoi-s and he.-o
strike continues in a number of large and there sending out bands ot infan
factrtes. j try pn raiding and reconnoitenug oper-
The extremists are not content with ' ations.
the settlement eraehed as a result of !
the government's concessions to the. IMPROVES IN ILLINOIS
socialists. -They are circulating among ' CHICAGO. Jan. 24. Thefuol situa
the workingmen leaflets violently at- tion in Illinois bad improved to such
tacking the pfticial party leaders. an extent tonight that the state fuel
CZERNIN QUOTED.
By Review Leaswd Wire)
BASEL. Switzerland. Jan. 24 A di-
ratch from Vienna says that during
an anuress i tne ae.eg.uions oi pan,.-, -
ment. Coun Czernin. the Anstro-Hnn-
(Continued on Page Two)
hi mm
THE BARRIER
TO ANY PEACE
WITH RUSSIA
' Demands of Teutonic Envoy
at Conference and Declara
tions of Chancellor Fail to
AgTee in Many Particulars.
Ry Review Leuiei Vire
After weeks ot vacillation the Ger
; mans at last have made their demands
! at the peace conference at Brest-Lit
j ovsk and the Russians have decl;nei
. to accede to them.
Notwithstanding the fact that the
, imperial German chancellor in his ma
i ny-times postponed speech to the
! main committee of the reichstag an
; nounces that he still holds the ho;a
i that an earl and satisfactory corulu
( sion of the Brest-Litiivsk conterence
. wiil be reached, the terms ot the Ger
mans as. enunciated by General Hoff
I man. one ot their chief deleg&tes ti
j the peace conference, so far form an
i insuperable barrier for the UoishevtX
government which has expressed a Ue
; termination to curry out a policy, vt
no annexations and no indemniuos.
i Courland in its entirety and all of
( Russia's Baltic provinces are to be re
! gained by Germany, according to Gon
j eral Hoffman in what is termed an
i Germany's last proposal to the Rus
: sians. aud the added throat was given
j that it the Russians tailed to acquiesce
j in the demands, further Inroads into
their territory would follow and the
i important port of Reval. near the
; mouth ofvthe Gult ot Flnlumi, wcuM
be occupied.
New German Map-"
la theatric fishion Hoffman lifli Tr
eated on a may, before the astonished
j delegates, ot the new Russian frontier
j a the Germans intend it to run from
the shores ot the Gulf of Fin'itcl ea.-it-
ward to the Moon So'tud Island a::J
then to the west of Minsk and thence
to Brest-Litovsk leaving within Ger
man boundaries soin of Russia's most
important territory.
hardly probable that the Kassljnt will
be able to withstand any great show (
force by the Germans towari ihe cap
ture ot Reval, which would prove a
likely base from which to operate
against Petrograd. or lo push their
line further eastward from the i! 1 Iwi
luuicaie iuab iun o pun mwi & v.
content among the wcrK.Einneu anj
that not aH ot the strikers hav? re
turned to work. Widespread dissatis
faction continues to be evinced ag.ln-t
the government's concessicn to the
Socialists and bitter attacks are be
ing made on the party leaueis. The
Czechs in parliament have demand-Hl
that the monarchy be made a deiu--cratio
federal state ot nationalities.
In Germany the unrest of the popu
lace also continues, but the triumphant
' militarist party is managins to keep
' the people in curb. Nevertheless, ac
cording to unofficial statement v. the
' rebellious sentiments of the Gcrcian
! workmen, especially the independent
Socialists are becoming stronger,
j On Fighting Front
i Ot great interest as regard the r.'l
1 Itary situation U withdrawhl ot the
; Austro-German armies .Uon the l'al
ian front, from the Piave river west-
French and British, have been deliv
, ering tor several weeks past. Tha lr.-
dications are that the enoi-iy has now
I given up. tor the time beta? at least.
; his ambition to drive through toe
mountains and out upon the Venetian
ni.in
! administration issued an order annull
j ing recent instructions to coal produo
i ers to ship 10 percent of the daily out
'r put to Chicago. Tonight's order throws
.the control ot coal distribution back to
produem after it had been in the
Jj1, of ,he fuel adminl,raUon for
several days. TWO
THE BI5BEE DAILY REVIEW, FRIDAY MORNING, JANUARY 25, 1918.
PACKING
HOUS
E
PEOPLE CONFER
WITH SECRETARY
tl!y Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. Jan. 24 Principals
in the packing house labor dispute
will meet tomorrow in tbeir first joint
conference since the president' me
diation commission undertook to com
pose differences arisin from the al
leged failure of the packers to onsen e
a recent arbitration agreement.
Secretary Wilson extended the in-
nations for the conference, after
tie employees representatives had
presented a let:er for transmission
to the packers, requesting an im
mediate joint discussion of "matters
r.; grave importance to the nation."
Jates G. Condon, counsel for the
packer said tonight that the letter
was pot delivered to his clients and
tl"at the packers were soins to the
c nference at tie' request of the sec
retary of labor.
In accepting the invitation. J. Og
den Amiour and tis associates dec
lared 't mas their understanding that
the meeting was not to be a confer
ence with union repres'ntatives or in
any sense recognition of any union.
The nieetine was to nave been held
today but other business detained the
commission and it was put over un
til tomorrow. Mr. Armour. E. A.
Cudahy. Edward F. Swift and Thomas
E. Wilson for their respective com
panies, signed the letter of accept
ance. which follows:
The Lette
"Last evening Mr. Ftlix Frankfur
ter, the secretary of tie president's
mediation commission, of which you
ere chairman, communicated to us
your request that we meet with you
and the commission this afternoon
and be also informed as that to such
meeting yon would invite certain other
individuals.
"Mr. Frankfurter, in dvising cs of
your wishes, staied ihat snch meet
ing was not intended to be. nor would
it be. a meeting with union repre
sentatives or a recognition of any
union or unions on our part and that,
ir we cooiDlied with your request, yon
would make sjch fact plain to all
present at the meeting-
"It has always been our custom and
policy to discuss labor conditions with
our emplcyees and to deal with them
tipon matters of mutual or public con
cern. A number of the individuals,
however, who are to be present, never
have been engaged in the packing in
dustry and so far as we know, none
of them now is in the employ of any
of our companies.
"As yon and the members of the
commission know, we baTe scrupul
ously, in good faith, in every way
lived up to the spirit, as well as the
letter, of the agreement ma-ie by us
with your commission.
"If. in the circumstances, you are
desirous of having the meeting wo
cheerfully ccruply with your request,
'n conclusion, we call your attention
to the fact that we have been and are.
Fuel Officials
Hasten to Make
Zones in Nation
(Continued from Page One)
izngeiuents and will be given charge
of tiie toning ststem.
Hope For Relief.
Officials todsy expressed the belief
that the proposed system will prove
so effective in eliminating long and
cress hauls as to render another seri
ous coal shortage this winter impos
sible. With an embargo cn general freight
stiil in effect for eastern trunk lines,
and the effect o the restriction ex
tending westward, railroads were able
to intensify efforts to move coal, and
food and to increase the supply of
these commodities to most parts of
the east. Many industries felt the ef
fects of the fuel administration's or
der giving preference to the more es
sential manufacturing plants. .
Conferees Agree.
Conferees of the railroad and fuel
administrations on the zone distribut
ing system agreed today on adopting
as a basis for their calculations the
suggestions of the defunct railroad
vrar board to the fuel adminstration. i
A nun her of modifications were made,
however, and the operation of the
scheme. It was said. woi)d be limited
to the east where freight congestion
is greatest.
I'nder the plan certain milling dis
tricts would be' assigned a specific
territory to which their output should
go. and the railroad 'routes would be
prescribed.
MINING MEN TO
CAMPAIGN FOR
BETTER LAWS
Schwab Thinks
Working Class
Will Dominate
(Bv Review leased Wire
DEXVER. Jan. 24. incieased activ
ity of the western district of the
American Mining congress, with head
quarters in Denver, representatives at
Washington and a campaign fund of
$25,000 was outlined at a conference
today between mine operator of ten
western states with delegates to the,
fiftn annua! joint convention of the
Colorado Metal Mining a -.soon' ion
tnd the Colorado chapter of the Amer
ican Mining congress.
The object cf the movement is to
rnite all western min'u? operators
behind proposed legislation to be
asked of congress and o proiect in
terests of the Industry in any possible
government war-time emergency ac
tion. The ten states represented are:
Wyotr.itig. Montana. California. Arizo
na. Idaho. Washington. I'tah. Nevada.
Oklahoma and Colorado. Buckley
n 1 r t . . , 1
. was .Pimm, coair-,montn8 we wj, have mor, tonnage on
man of the committee to take charge tne ocm tnan , ne nalions of tne
iFv Review !nWMl Wlre
XEW YORK. Jan. 24. Charles M.
Schwab, president of the Bethlehem
Steel corporation, declared in an ad
dress at a dinner here tonght htat the
time is near at hand "when the men
of the working class the men with
out property will control the destin
ies of the world."
"The Bolshevik! sentiment must be
taken into consideration." Mr. Schwab
declared, "and in the very near future
we must look to the worker for a solu
tion of tiie great economic questions
no wbeing considered. I am not one
carelessly to turn over my belongings
for the uplift o( the nation, but I am
one who has come to a belief that the
worker will rule and the sooner we
felaiie this the better it will be fot
our country and the world at large,"
Approve Activities.
"In these times of war." Mr. Schwab
said, "we of America should not criti
cise the action of our president and
our nation. We are behind hm and
we are behind the nation. When I
say "we" I mean the steel men of the
United States. Within the next IS
RUSSIANS SEIZE PART
RUMANIAN TREASURY
By Review Leased Wire)
AMSTERDAM. Jan. 24. According
to a Petrograd dispatch to German
newspapers which was received by an
indirect route the Blosheviki have
seized a portion of the, funds of the
Rumanian treasury deposited in a
Moscow bank and als hoa-.e taken
the Rumanian crown jewels at Kishi
nev. According to the dispatch Queen
Marie of Rumania has fled from Kish
inev to Jassy. the Rumanian capital.
world.
"But dont let us run away with the
idea that we have a light job on our
hands. We must realize that it ie
the duty of every citizen to give his
last dollar and his last drop of blood
in defense of his country.
of the new organization. Other mem-
bers are: Governor Emmett D. Boyle,
Nevada, and James M. McCarthy, Wal
lace, Ida.
Resolutions Adopted.
The convention today adopted re
solutions prepared by committees in
conference with repreentatives of
the mining industry in o-.her western
states. Th-v urge a government-fix
ed price or one dollar an ounce for i before. We must forget our personal
silver, encouragement of ths produc-j notions and stand by our nation. Let
ticn of precicus metals, amendment, us place dependency upon our govern
or tne excess proms war law and ; ment and our cause."
creation of bureau o statistics of Mr. Schwab's address
the American Minin? con-jres. Cov-at a dinner of the alumni of grammar
ernment contio of oil and gas wells i school No. 40, of which he is a grad
Convention of
Irish Invited to
Meet Premier
tv Review 1.-h.M Wlre
LOXDOX. Jan. 24 Premier Lioya
George bas invited the leading mem
bers of the Irish convention to confer
with the cabinet.
The following official communica
tion dealing with the Irish, convention
was issued this evening:
"At today's Irish convection a letter 1
from the premier was read, stating
that before the convention arrived at
a decision on certain issues under dis
cussion he and his colleagues in the
cabinet would be happy to confer with
the leading repersentatives of differ
ent sections of the convention, should
they desire to follow such a course.
"Thereupon, it was decided to ad
journ the convention and cerrara men
bers were selected to meet the premier
and his collearues.
"Sir Horace Plunkett. the chairman.'
was authorized to arrange the confer-'
ence at the earliest possible date and
immediately thereafter to summon the '
convention,"
if I 'jC;X ' j
200,000 MEN ARE
STILL ON STRIKE
IN DUAL NATION
Cont':ued from Pase One)
earian foreign minister, rtec'ared that
he considered Presid.-nt Wilson's In -it
j Proposition regarding peace as showing ;
j- , . . , j percepm-ie ari'ci'aca I ine point oi
"tu ""l view of Austro-Hunao'. Thoie were.
pessimism, uui vj uusi i-umnuui
our money as we never contributed
and niin-s was opposed.
i uate. He said it was the first public
POOLING ANTHRACITE
(Bv Review Lea!ed Wire'
XEW YORK. an. 24. Pooling ofl
The rH'n.:on on the excess prof- dinner he had atended this winter and
If 11 tT nxr I-ifei1 111 nn-1 T Aa. ; V.t a waa nMoawi Innlffkt nnlv Vuv '
nn n.-t..? t ti.i' f n. i' i.. .k. ..w-i ifluence choose her
gas wells as "the average pre-war netj
income capitalized at 8 per cent." oriMrnTI rMP AnnDFCCrC
-Daid in nr earned nrr.l nse.l in IlLJx 1 LOilLl VULIXVCOOCO
business during the pr-war period." i
In the case of properties developed
since the war began, or which nad no ,
pre-war net earnings, the resolution;
nrted that the invested canital be ! are extraordinarily difficult.
denned as the net income
Jie said, several no:nts to which Aus
ttia Hungary joyfu'Iy could subscribe,
out tat the following principle first
must be laid do-n.
"That where these propositions coi;-
was delivered Austria Hungary's ai:i,,. hs J
t case of Germany in Relg:uri. it
Turkey, Austia Hungary was 'aith'jl
to her alliances and would fight to tiie j
end fcr the defense of her allies."
"Poland ought freely and witno it in
sid C"u:i '
I Czernin. 1
I He declared that he no:ld glad'y
i have seen Pol..nd take part in tiie
UI TM DPirUCTAP ' peari- negotiations, but the Kussian
rlUIN KtLilolO I A 1 government did it reocoize h pre-
;sent Polish government's nai'icitlous
! to speik in the name of Poland.
Ccnnt Czernin explained Gorinaay'a
(Continued from Pae One)
i A;t.
for l he ted out on the former occasion the j . .1 ".?, " " .V
an'hraiite coal 'at Xew jersey termi-ivea,r 'P17, capitalized at 12 per cent," J circumstances causng this difficu.Ty
I ritories before a popular vote
was
culd
; inKni urvftur rui n rial uni nii
ra's wss decided upon at a conference u-a.-.u uM.lui ,.u uouui ouru -ruse, uiuetru. -ncut, , crganizctions comm nlc
here today of coal operators and rail- the business in 191 j Russian delegatw was in earned j 5"tri i?Tntn
roadofficials.subjecrtotteapprov.il Proposed Law Indorsed. (with their peace Beporia.Mons. All m an .nTs ui t"e
of the federal Tuel administration. I T convent.on .ndorsed , bill ! kinds of wireless messages which , ) J, ; n'rcTv and -.-' 4
Previous requests for thepooling of an-1 f nd,nK ln congressesigned to with- .were traversing the world with their : f timi an7he a":e,i
chtacite. male bv A. H. Wiggin. state ; dra' 'cmpora.ily si v- cn wh , h enr- highly strange contents might m!f ."h-1 rcnee v,-n
.uel administrator, were denied by Ad- rer'r-r, ,s nd " with strengthen this doubt, .Nevertheless - raTe c,o lor te
ministrator Garfield. P'base, at tfaa fixed price.' Ihold fast to the hope that we shall l?1
Roth Mr Wirin and Rp blPv Government subsidiaries wre urgel arrive at a good conclusion with tht . ,.Vi! -
at Urest-Litovsk. i ' "
New York rr.iirtT fuel an.nitmtrr .:-r u:e ceiciopnieni o; moiyouenuui. nussiau aeiegauon
characterized the city's fuel situation rarPnesc and chromium mining and ; 7 - j.
e imnmveH tndav Vr filler mid encouragement to opinions mining; LOXDOX. Jan. 24. O dispatch to
the mmnmiirpir nnHenir. rnthr potash, pyrites and ni'ratos.
hj inrrH Htnt. I The mining congress section of the dam says that at a crown council held
" ' ! convention adjourned today, the in Berlin today, over which Emperor
(Rv Review I3x-d Wire".
the Exchange Telegraph from Amrtr--to ,he Kxchanse Tele;raih co.hmiiv.
quotes Count Czernin. the Anstro Hun-.
earian foreign minist-. a? lecHrlns
in an address to the deVtates of pari-
FUR ii re FNnRMnnc i nietai .Mining association ren:amine Miiiam preiueu ana wmcn was i-
ST. LOriS. Jan. 24. Total sales m session to consiuer purely state ceuueu uy r ieia ...arei.ai un i3ment that "I have no in:- uion to ce
for the annual January fur auction " aers. ours. eocer. on uuenuom.
which closed its fourth day here to- ;hlef,. commissary. Chance.lor von
dav. amounted to Sn.750.000.000 I CHINA REGRETS INCIDENTS. "ertung ana ur. von ivueuimann. ine
without interruption, serving the gov-, the conference bv Joha Fltzptrick.
fmnient and tbe people of this coun-, president of the Chicago Federation of
( Rv Review Leased Vire
PEKING. Jaa. 24. The foreign of
trv and of our allies with a promptness I Labor, the nresidents of several in- fice has expressed regret for the at-
rnd efticiency that is without an . tetnational unions of the various tack on the American gunboat Mono- se'tled.
CiT.ial." stockyard trades and Frank P. Walsh, cacy in the Yangtze nver last wees
The workers t ill be represented at counsel. in which one sailor was killed.
foreign secretary, there was a discus
sion of the speech of Count von Hert
ling was to make before the reichstag
and that the terms of the speech were
mand from Russia a single tint-r
tenitory. of a single nt of inlonnt-ty"
ACCEPTS MANAGFPoHiP.
ft
An inside secret
about fried potatoes
As far as taste is
concerned there are
only two sides to
fried potatoes in
side and outside.
But both sides must
be just right or
3rour fried potatoes
won't be!
Take the outside,
first! It must be
brown a crisp
brown. Potatoes
fried in wholesome
Cottolene can cer
tainly answer "here
when it comes to a
crisp brown out
side. But this outside
is not only a crisp
brown. It is a quick
brown. A quick
brown means that
the outside; of your
potatoes are rapidly
sealed, and that the
insides will be just
as tender and mealy
as fried potatoes
can be.
Frying proves,
too, how whole
some and digestible
fried foods can be,
when you use pure
Cottolene.
In baking with
economical Cotto
lene, be sure to use
one-third less than
you would ordi
narily use of other
shortenings.
That is because
Cottolene sets the
highest possible
standard for purity
and richness.
Cottolene
" TliC Natural Sharbzawg"
Yes! Economical Cottolene is also superior
for shortening and lor all cake-making
At grocers in tins
cf convenient sixes
fltv Review Leased Wiiel
ALAMEDA. Cel.. Jan. 2J -(";ief of
'Police F. O. Heinrich. iviur:i-d h'iie
; u.inj.. jan. i ue imperial today frcm JioulCT. t o e.. ?1 1 n-
' German chancellor. Count von Hen- rteunccd tfa! he would accent she 'f-
ling, addressing the reichstag today. fPr f r-jtv mnu.-er of th-u cry. He
; according to a Central Xews dis- tn ;env., Pe:e as soon ns h"e r.,;,
patch, said: close up his rt'a rs as c :.:'. tlfinrich
j "We hope soo to conclude 'the was formerly a lecturer cn criminolo ;v
, agreement with Tkrainia. which would ,t ,ne universitv of Cali ornia. The
; be mutually satisfactory. especially Colorado pHce " ravs f,i"o a vrar.
: fro man economic point of view." j1Cl0 n,rrt than h;Si,meJa portion
When on January 3 the chancellor
continued, the period' expired for the MEXICAN DELEGATION RECEIVED
co-operation of the entente nations In
the peace negotiations. Germany was rty Review i.easet Wirv
no longer bound by jts offer to the BCENUS AIRES. j:-n. 2L Prvsl-
entente and had a free path for sen- dm Irigoyen. toi.iy re-tied tiie Mex-
arate negotiations with Russia. In itan delegation vImI'Th Arccnti-:a,
! these negotiations Germany then felt hed d bv Luis Cabrera. Te Mxi-
herself not bound to the Russian fro- rir.s wi:l leave Sr.nday frr C.i?!, and
I posals for a general peace, the chan
cellor asserted.
I
RULING ON WAR TAX.
j (By Rev iew Leaded Wire
LOUISVILLE. Ky Jan. 24. Rul
' ings of the bureau of internal revenue
i in connection with the war tax open
: admissions to baseball games, made
public here tonight by Thomas M. Chtv
I ington, business manager of the Louis
. ville American association club, place
j the payment of the tax upon the at
tendant at the game. The rulings
further declare the exemption clause
in the law applies only to employees
of the ball club, not even including
. concessionaires, and permit an in
; crease of admission rates to "help de
I fray expenses of the club."
Peru. The news"ape-s assort that
t!-e visitors ?re disrtti.-fied wi.fc. :he
coolers of itwMr reception, which is
ccntrasfd with the frirnd'y fc'N.g
r"Mch has been shown ent'V.te all.ed
visitors.
This V7122 Interest
Says Indigestion come from an
cvrMi nf tivHrnehlnei
acid.
ewMAAMwVV
BOXING AT SESlDAN.
"llv Review l.e;te,l Wirvl
CHICAGO. Jim. 24. IVsvi. l,e II
A well-known authority stati-s that
stomach trouble and imligestion is
nearly always due to acidity acid
stomach and not. as most folks be
lieve, from a lack of digestive juices.
He states that an excess of hydrochlor-
nnois ban on oo'anc. i.r.i-t to a d.- jc acid in the stomach retards diges
oision was siacei at Fcrt Sheridan to tion and starts food fermentation,
night when Ever Hammer o Chi a-o then our meals sour like garbage in a
. en.i "Sailor" Friedman, lightweights, can. fonning acrid flui:ls ami gases.
n et in a ten-round content. Fredn'wi which inflate the stomachy lik. a toy
jwas awarded the decision. To pro- balloon. We then get that heavy.
;-els will so to the pot a'hlct'c ( nil. lumpy feeling in the chest, we eruct
Several hundred boxing enthusiasts ate sour food, belch g.is. or have hcart
fn in Chicago witnessed tie fig'it. burn, flatulence. walT brash, or nau-
' sea.
JUDGMENTS ENTERED. He tells us to lay aide all digestive
e --'iMn'n i-'l --i-nts l--v bi'fii aids and instead, get from any phar
entered in the Superior Court at macv four ounces of Jad Salts and
Tombstone that concern Bisbee resi- take a t3hlexnful in a glass of wat-
ile-
dents and property:
John Itryne. Dr. Eva hrvtie. Cr
t-ree of divorce.
Gallo Catrina. Dr. William Warren
Cr . Title quieted to ind in Hishee.
Samuel L. Jeffrey, fr.. Florence Jc'
frey. Cr.. decree of divorce
H. U McCoy
foreclosure.
er before brakfat while it is effer
vescing and flirt hermore. to roniiuue
this for one week. While relief f-l-lows
the fi-sl dosi'. il is i'uport.ini to
neutraliie the aciditv. remove the gus
naking mass, start the lier. slinuiiate
he kidneys and this provide a free
lr.. C. W. H-sh. Cr.. flow of pure digestive juices
Jad Salts is inexpensive and is ei.ul.'
John Williams and wile. lrs. from the arid of grains and lemon
. , jcdg.ncnt for iiiiee. ctiinbineil it h lithia r.ml s-.lni'ii
J22"i1.S't. costs, etc. nhosph-te. This ha niless salts is
Frank 11. Wallers. lr.. E. J. Wed- ued by thousuixii' of people for stom-
iiMi;. it.. i'liUn-.i: v'J: at;.i' aeh Ir.xihle w it h excellent res-i'ts
r. --. 's. f . ttc j-
(Arizona Oil & Refining Company's Standard Rig and Epiipment Esti
mated to Be wortn v.'u.uuu.uu)
DRILLING
I cti:-!o-e l-.orcw i:h J ...
.! : .. p !".- I !e
.... s iU Prt) pament for same.
?b.Vl
a.:.
l:n
Ali c'ie.ks areto he made payable to the General Securtt
s;nieii; l TiHraiion
OPERATIONS
STARTED
Important Announcement
The starting of drilling the building of bunk houses
the completing of the buying of the company's equip
ment and its arrival on the ground the completing
of the financing of the company MEANS
100 Advance
For the Shares of the ARIZONA OIL & REFINING
COMPANY.
The General Securities Investment Corporation wish
to announce that any day the shares of the Arizona Oil
& Refining Company viill be advanced from 5c their
present selling price (5c down and 5c when oil is struck
in commercial quantities) to 10c lOOr ADVANCE
(10c down and 10c when oil is struck in commercial
quantities.) as only a limited number of shares remain
unsold in this allotment.
THIS MONTH will positively close the offering of
the shares to the public at 5c per share down and 5c per
share when oil is struck in commercial quantities. Any
further offering that will be made after the first of the
month will be at not less than 20c per share ( 1 Oc down
and 10c when oil is .struck in commercial quantities).
The company will make immediate application for
listing of their shares on the New York Curb.
This announcement not only appears in the Arizona
papers, but it appears in papers circularizing in every
state in the United States. Fully 75,000 circulars are
being mailed, giving the facts about this unusual com
pany. The companj' with no promotion stock the
company with no pool stock the company with a per
mit issued by the Arizona Corporation Commission.
This 100' ; ADVANCE will be announced by us
some dy this month and there are only a few days in
this month.
. You have all the particulars in reference to this
organization you have seen the five geologists reports
on the field you know that the Honorable David F.
Johnson the state treasure of Arizona is handling the
funds of the company you know that the Arizona
Corporation Commission granted a permit for the com
pany to sell the shares.
If vou want to take advantage of this opportunity
a 100'. OPPORTUNITY, piece your reservation at
or.ee. Don't wait until the opportunity has passed.
General Securities Investment
Corporation
Phoenix, Arizona.
BISBEE OFFICE, SASSE'S, MAIN STREET.
STRONACH & BARNARD, Agents.
I 5 Cents Now and AGREEMENT 5 Cent Whan W Strike Oil
; GEXKKAL SkXTRlTlKS INVESTMENT CORPORATION".
lios TH. rtiot-nix. Arizona.
; Hate 1S1
; 1 hereby ni.:ke pIicat'on for ami aree to pirn-hose
shares of the Capital Si.x k of Ariiona Oil ami Refimnc Company
! ot 10 11111.1 rr ehare. payable 3 cent per hmr now anV balanc
j of .1c p r share hcn oil is discovered and produced in payinc
; quan'it es hy the Company. beln under so ohligation to pay bal
i pnee of 5 cent per s;are until production condition has been tut
. filled.
iritics 1 fl
BK I THE BISEEE DAILY REVIEW, FRIDAY MORNING, JANUARY 23, 101S.
THREE
Mining and Financial News
BY REVIEW LEASED WiRE. .
YapniH Copper
T S!a;n'i (Tiff ..
f Miami Con. .. .
I rittsbursh
t n.iy Here.
- ! Santa Kiia
J- nunc
f RUMBLINGS OF THE ';
BATTLE THIS FALL
NEW YORK, Jan. 2!. Political ar.d American Stigar
economic factors continued to weUh Baldwin
cpon the stock market today, a'.thous'.i ! 1 etn ,:
there was a moderate rally, due in I - .
part ;o short covering, at the end. j ' l- .... .
Pnnk v-iri apain arrive in minur sue-' RHa Pilt'ifte
representative shares was an obvious
drawback.
Peare rumors.
' Central Leather
''uc:b!c
I Iistillers
jovemment financ-:
It"''! To.ti R:-ed
"h T'joloii.nc
.T'nited Kastern ..
51 t -Verde Kxinsit.n ..
35 ,Wrr Combination
139 .West Knd .. . . ..
6 V i Wolve" inr Arizona
54 White Caps ,
37 jwrKht Martin ..
14U
?. -
MS'
79 .
.1
r.S.r
36
7
7-1 J
ing. the freight embargo and fuel j t-ooart; n
shortage were among the conflicting General Meters . .
elements that affected the moderate ! industrial A'.;o'..ol
dealings in vnrvinv dtcrpp Trails j Lackawanna .. ..
authorities acreed that as yet indus
trial conditions showed little improve
ment from the government's closure
decree. Greater ease was displayed
in the market for call loans which
opened at per cent, the lowest
initial rate thus far this year, but
time funds, while quotably unchanged
were scarce to the povit of complete
withdrawal.
Seasoned industrials, shippings and
active specialties were responsive to
the, wqre general support of the last
hour, closing with a firm tone. Sales
amounted to 310,000 shares.
International issued especially the
French proup, were sliehtly hisher.
Liberty 3's made a new low record
at 9S, first 4's also establishing a new
minimum at 96.70 and the second 4"s
varying from 96.30 to 95.12. Total
sales (par value) aggregated $4,425.-
Micvale
Mexican Petroleum
Marine
Marine Pfd ' Ar
41
nr.;
119
75
44-;
i0
CORN May. 1.24
OATS May, 77V. 77..
COTTON January. 30 So; 31.02
OATMAN
(P.y Collins Bretherton)
New York Central
Northern Pacific ..
Reading
Rubber
Repuhlic Steel ..
Studebaker .. ..
Steel
Steel Tfd
jj; i Arizona Rex .
j Arizona Tom
5g Geld Ore . .
"ri Gold Reed ..
R. ..
4S
Gold Cliff ...
90 LUCKy ioy
1,,qi- sunr.ysiue
St. Paul 41',,
Southern Pacific
Sinclair
Texas Oil .. ..
Union Pacific . .
If. S. M
Westinshouse . .
Tellurite
Tom Reed
si
3.it- ' Urii'ed Kastern
United Njrthern
L nucu u esiern .
Red Lion
111U
43'i
39 4
.02
.03
.3S
. -02
. .02
. .'.7
. .79
.3.S5
. .05
.02
FoHowrng a unique year in tue
'political annals of the slate, the
forces are lir.iiu up for Ml campaign. ,
I The latest report on the sur.ject of '
.a'n'.i'ptcs i to the eff!tt that K. c. '
! Struckmeyer iil a;;ai be n can.li-!
1 (!ae Kr the dciiioiialic nomine.' Vi. '
'for aitcrn y pcncn.1 ii:d iil l;a .- j
' j The Colter can paUii is nw in fu'l
i swing with the Hir.l Isckin:-. Not!i-:
ling more has beer, in-ard of La;iar'
i Cobb's ambition and it is ueliowl
j he has succumbed to pressure. There ;
; U eery indication l:.JU Colter will.
: be opposed by Sidney P. Osboni and ,
nut tr.erc will be o aiher candi
.Oojdtes. Gco.go J"toneiuan is to h? ap '
.03 pointed the second federal Julse.'
.25 1 wbic'i remo"es him frou the area. I
.05 1 Alfred Franklin, who tfiou.-'it iie Ui
... I served the federal j'uliTshlp wi'l rtn
.05 j apaic for the democrat !c noTiiti.i i
.15 txn ice suirrtue cour; judec.
SotArt im
SAVEDKILUOSS
American Ccnsuner Profited by
$130,000.030 French Situ
atica Helped.
HOKE PRICE HELD AT 9 CENTS.
Thia Nation's Sugar Supply Reduced
to Seventy Per Cent, of Normal.
Java Stock Unavailable.
Sugar control hns saved the Amer
lean public $1$0.000.H.W. Herbert lloov
..r Culled States food aduiiuistralor.
I declured the other day.
He pointed out that sugar was sell-
.0:
.U
iuz for 11 cnts a pouud hist Auluc
Hunt Men Behind Colter. i Mnd that It would have advanced to
Am of the Hunt aooin'.H.;- favor celts a j,ouu,i, with the world short
t oltCi becau.-e it han iie. n iunmateii ,. . stimalus. hud not the food
You've Been Earning
For Years?
Has it cost you every dollar of it to live?
There are pertinent questions, but the man who
answers them honestly to himself will feel the time
has come to start a Savings Account with this bank,
save for the future and get 4 prr cent Interest.
TK.ik it Over!
CITIZENS BANK & TRUST COMPANY
?.!ain Street Bisbee; Arizona
.Slj' them that they v,ill no retaincj if! IullI1inistratioti sccutcd the coipcra-
e,e"1" i-!"u-: lUm ot Uie roriiiers and wholesalers
3. 5 Colter wins
r; tic paper.
BOSTON.
I
OTHER CURBS.
Adventure
000. United States 2's and registered Allonez
4's declined s per cent and common
U Pr cent on call.
Alaska
Arizona Con,m?rcial
American Ziac
i Oadsden
1 Creen Monster .. ..
50 Eutte London . . . .
2 Pundee
Venture Hill
14 i Pittsburgh Jerome
.1.S7
. .56
. .10
. .56
. .05
. .37
GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO. Jan. 24. Skepticism re- A
gardlag predictions of an increased C. & H
movement of the crop tended snb- r"rper Range
bcrnly today to uphold the corn nr.ar-; Chino
Vet. Prices closed unsettled, at j C n'1 '
March and $1.25. to u May. Butte .. ..
with tie final range varying from Vscf'anhy .. ..
decline To sc advance. ccrr.;ared witb i Green C?n. ..
twenty-.'our hours before. Oats pain-1 Goldfifld .. ..
ed U to "fcC. ProvLsio:is c'o-ed 5c off Hancock .. ..
Butte 19 I Jerome Verde 69
.25
1 00
.62
.13
.69
.06
.50
.a
The
which
to 22c up.
Reports
were curre-it that better
weather in tise west was cradually
Indiana
ir.spirat'wi
Kennerott
fcrinsinc about n ore favorab'e trpfftc ; Keweenaw
conditions on the railroads and tha' j
the car sur.plv h-id been sotsewhat
imwoved ill !1 iro's. P.e?idc3 adic'
trf ai nana it?;i:i:g t;i u:v ur-tn
mrnl shiirrent:; cf -?m. that -.ad J
tea Trade sin'-e the recent stcrrr..
Xeer:toles5. the scantiness of re
ceipts here and the many tires cf
late that hopes of libera' arrivals had
turned out to he milctidins d:3co'.trac
ed sellers. Ti:e result was to keep
the market within narrow limtts. and
to minimize the volume of trade. Cs
spite a generally promising outlook.
All deliveries of cats advanced t
the fciphest prices yet this sctson.
Peisistent demand from the sraboard
w?s responsible, but in the last hoir
it was said exporters had withdrawn
from the market.
Covering ty local shorts led . to np-
turns in provisions. Sharp breaks in'
ho? prices received but little atten
tion. v
I alee
La Salle
Mi-imi ..
Mohawk
Nevada .
vorth Hutte 141
Xil
f!d Pon.inion 42
Oseecla 57
Pond Creek IS
Cttincv .." T2
Tlpy Con " .. .. 22T
?hattt;ck 16',
63 j Ark-Arizona 06
iK ij jrome i'nrtland
46 ' Inspiration N'eedles 06
42 .Hull Copper 26
'16 Maetra Cl.ief : 31
914 j Wolverine-Arizona 1.60
T3 "lyiamf Mr-lr-er l.odn
39 rde Combination 62
3-, Miani Consolidated 04
SVi ! -Hr-Bishee Copper
S 1 Butte Arizona
43 1 Jerome Daisy
32 !Nco:arl Con
1 j Verde Apex
6 'calumet i- Jerome .. ..l.Ort
24;
31
S
IS
el at the capital in March with Col
tr as an s.tccl. will tivi: n sup
port of Hunt and Dunbar will thtn be
ditcuec. Ail of the tMic tdvertis
ins now ffci to Dunbar.
PracticR-ly every e!ctivj off toe in
the stste is to be filled at the com
ing election. One tax commissioner
and two members of the supreme
court hold over. All of the superior
judges in the state are elected this
fall.
A member of the corporr.tioi co:u-
! mission Is to be elected to suL-cee 1
"5iilt is penerally conceded that folfl
will be defeated if he :a3 any opposi-1
.1
1.75
.50
.6S
.05
.5"
.03
.50
.4?
.15
1.06
' lo.b,? .,?un!'h:1 nd fixed a suu-ar prii-e that today en
ubles iiousewives to buy suar at irotu
Sj to ceuts a itnimt
"Every 1 ceut r.lse In snr' from
September 1 to January 1 mear.s S'.S.
RHi.Uik) to the American c.uumer."
Mr. Hoover said. -Nuinl era of son
tlaicn will te'.l you that -1 cent su;::ir
woud have prevailed nnd the public
rotbed of $lS).tKn.HiO tU;s year U we ,
had not taken theve actions.- Later
Mr. Hoover called attention to the fact
that uncontrolled suar advanced to
S3 ceuts a i ound during the Civil War.
France Got Our Susar.
Todav the American public hns been
tion for the niuinat'on. Jla is per-; allotted TO per ceut. of Its normal sup-
jsona non grata with tha other meni-i ,iy. Uefora Uie war the average an
lltrs of the commission. i nua household consamniiou here was
I Osborn May Perform. 1 vj rounds a r.ersn. In EnKland the
Party men are looking around fori MMll consuui'tioii ditr.r.; the war is
a llttie over oue joauu a
Shtirncn
Puper'or Ecston
St. Mr.ry's .. ..
rth Copper . .
Vtah Con
Winona
2T
50
804
n
1
An Old Recipe
to Darken Hair
Sag Tea and Sulphur Turns
Gray, Faded Hair uar
and Glossy.
CURBS.
Arkansas & Arizona .
Austin
Arizona Silver Kins .
Bit: Ledge
Butte & Ijondon .. ..
Calumet & Jerome ; .
METAL MARKET.
NEW YORK. Jan. 24 Lead firm.
epot. 7.12 to 7.50: spelter ouiet; spot Cornelia
East St. Ioiis delivery 7.75 to S.U' Con. Arizona .. ..
Bar silver S7V rn- Copper .. ..
Curtiss
COTTON MARKET. - Tenn
NEW YORK, Jan. 24 Cotton clos- Tundee
ed steady at s n?t a l,-ance of 26 to Emma
3S points. Federal Oil . . . .
Cadsder.
NEW YORK. O. Monster
Closing Quotations. Jr:i;3ry 24. 1911 G. Island
(By L. J. Overlook.) Hull
Anacrnda 6"'7s Howe Sound .. ..
Atrerican Can 36'-4 Hecln
American Car 70 Inspiration NccJles
American Locomotive ;- jcrome erae cure, mitigation or prevention or dis-
American Sitelter S2U Jerome Victor M ease. AdT.
' Almost everyone knows that Sage
Tea and Sulphur, properly compound
ed, bri-.igs back the natural color and
lustre to the hair when faded, streaked
, or gray. Years ago the only way to
i get this mixture was to make It at
home, which is mussy and trouble
Fome. "
Nowadays we simply ask tit any
drug store for "Wyeth's Sage and Sul
phur Compound." You will get a large
bottle of this old-time recipe improved
bv the addition of other ingredients,
at very little cost Everybody us
this preparation now, because no one
can possibly tell that you darkened
vour hair as it does it so naturally and
evenly. You dampen a sponge or soft
brr.sh with it and draw this through
your hair, taking one small strand at
a time; by morning the gray hair dis
. appears, and after another application
j or two. your hair becomes beautifully
dark, thick and rlossv. and vou look
3s years younger. Wyeth'3 Sage and Sul
3i phur Compound is a delightful toilet
1-16 requisite. It is not intended for the
ta suitable candidate lo run lor s?e-; ... ,,..,1, ar,i France each erson
rciary or siaie. i uej are -uu iu i j8 5,n0ttej
..opes mat osoorn will ioi:ow nis oia ; nioLti
schedule a little later on. withdraw I .
rem the race for governor at.d rest! "n August the French Pvrrnm.t
content with beins able to run for ' iunu i.s. .. u... .,. .
jhis old job. ! ,!:is '. X,r- ,Io,,vl,r 'aro!-
As far as can be learned, cari "i-.""" - ;l
Hayden will have no opposition for' Prance nested WW) tops. e J
the democratic nomination for con-1 agreed to nil tnis -.!ti:':i. nn.i up . i
fiess although the Hun forces arr December had shipped o.4o tons.
not fond of him. There will not be! the meantime an np;.e;.l was maue to
in electicn for United States sena- the American public to reduce Its su,'- ,
lor in Arizona this year. ar ccnsumptioii. and requests were
A successor of Rudolph Kuchler.: made to distributors to supply the
'tiember of the tax commission ap-j confectionary and sweet drinks trade
poined to succeed Tom Campbell, with 50 per cent, of normal supply,
must be elected. C. M. Z;:nder's This has been generally followed, al
term also expires. Zander is "lso t;ousU such regulations were volun
seeking a life position in the office tarr as t,e food administration had
which he fills. ba authority to impose them."
An auditor, treasurer, superintend- B . . ... . , rMt,
Identify yourself with a Strong Bank
ing Institution by starting an account wnh
us, subject to check.
We give courteous, painstaking atten
tion to EVERY depositor small as we!l
as large.
BANK WITH US.
-
V8
10
1
lfi'-i
l'b
5'-'.
2".
IS
fill
2
1
9-16
12
36
WMB fW a" t ki- - m Fl
pnt of public instruction and mine
inspector are to be chosen. All of
the incumbents will be candidates Cor
renomination. There is no seniment
Retail grocers throughout the coun- !
try are supposed to tnke a profit of n ;
more than W ceuts a hundred half a
for rotation in office at the. capital j cent a pound on sugar. By reason of
building. j food admini.itrt.tioa rv'cl:Uins, bind- ,
Campbell Opens Headquarters. ir.g refiners and wholesalers, the re- '
Tom Campbell, who has ben in,tailer is able today to buy sugar at
Denver attending the meeting of the j fro,,, 8 to SVi cents a pound. This
cattlemen, will return to Phoenix in i eliaWes him to sell to the housewife at
the next day or two and start on an gi to 9 cents a poun'L
ccuve campaign uiromnom me smic. There ilave been some vtolntlocs of
He will probably have no opposition j Uie sut,ar llnK. Mr. H.Hwer said
for the republican nomination fprgoy- wcenlly: s.,les pf suar fro!:. Vi
ernor. He has already opened head- T,, vv ..pt.i
::ud followed up vigorously und s'o;)- !
Quarters with Malcolm Frazer.
former secretary in charge.
his
Bisbee Bye and Cleaning
PHCNE 2S6 Y Ol'kS PHONE 2SS
Opposite Bisbee Auto Company, Upper Main St
BIGGEST
BUSIEST
THE END OF
YOUR GORHS
Pain Stops at Once Corn
Lif U Off Clean. '
Heating
The portable gas heater will take the chill off quickly and make the
dining room comfortable at meal time, and it will be found conveni
ent, too, for heating the bed room and bath room. Any home with
out a central heating plant has use for a gas heate. We carry sev
eral different types prices $1.75 to $9.00... See them as well as
ether gas appliances at our store.
Bisbee Improvement Co.
There is nothing In the world like)
"Gets-lt" for corns. Just apply it ac
cording to directions, the pain stops
at once and then the corn lifts ofT as
clean as a whistle. No fuss, no t'oth
er, no danger. "Gets-lf, you know
U safe. Millions have used it, more
than all other corn remedies combined,
and it never fails.
CONFERENCES ON STRIKE.
Wmmtr TIb -Holl.ri.,
pod and is evidence itself of the prices ;J
at which consumers would have b.-on
mulct had we not iuter.ened. We have j .
forfeited wholesalers' lieeies in a.--! .
gravated cases, und we Issii.m'
warnings to first offenders In a grmt
many Instances through our local ad-;
miuistrators." !
Effect on Military Situation.
American sugar stocks could be fill
ed to normal very soon If sdiips could
be sent to Java, where 2jO,000 tons of !
j sugar is waiting for shipment But
the shipping situation Is so acute that
the nation cannot spare the even .
sldps needed to transport this sugnr.
It would take the boats one year to ,
haul 2.-j0,f.0 tons. Iu the same time
they could be usd for transporting
IS (0.0(H) soldiers to France.
The food administration believes
that the American public will diminish
its sugar consumption by 10 or 15 per
cent, when It Is made clear that such
supar saving U a patriotic act and
when It Is understood that there ar;
plenty of sweeteners avuilable to take
the place of sugar, such as honey or
corn syrup.
Why Shortage Exists.
The three great sugar producing cen
ters of the world are Germany, the
West and East Indies. German sucar
Is. of course, used at home. The East
Indian su:ar is unavailable because ot
the ship shortage.
While C boats made big Inroads on
the world's fchippins, France and Italv
ceased to be self sustaining in sii;.:ir
manufacture. England in the mean-
! time was cut off from German susar
j J.-I00.0O0 tons a year because of the
j war. The result has been (hat the ul-
lied nations have been forced to turn
I to America and the West Indies for
their sugar.
Service, Sincerity and Quality
Let Our Slogan Be Yours
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
AND HIGH CLASS CAFE .
The best of everythina at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 60c luncheon daily. Also $1.00 dinner from
5 : 30 to 7 : 30 p. m. Regular Board by the month, $40 ;
$10 by the week.
. Henry Poppen. Manager.
L. J. OVERLOOK, BROKER
Correspondents: Paine, Weber A Co Boston, Oulutn, Calumet.
OSAN & BRYAN. NEW YORK AND CHICAGO.
SPECIAL attention given COPPER STOCl
There is no need for you to go
through another day of corn agony.
Bat he sure you get "Gets-It." Accept
nothing else, for remember, there Is
positively nothing else as good. "Gets
lf never Irritates the live flesh, never
makes the toe sore.
You can ?o about as usual wi:h work
or play, while "Gets-It", the magic, ! "
does the work. Then the corn peels) Pood la Bought In Germany SurreptU
right off like a banana skin, and
leaves the toe as smooth and ijrn f ree
as your palm. Never happened before.
The Goyernmect Requires More Solp&ar
The WARREN SULPHUR AND OIL COMPANY Is testing out 100
acres, which thy recently purchased. They have both OIL and SUL
PHUR developed In one well. For the purpose of developing and
equipping on a larger scale, they will continue selling the shares at
15 ceutj for a hhort time only.
FOR FULL PARTICULARS, SEE
F. BRIGGS & CO.
C B, Mason B'dg Phone 701.
Lowell. P. O. Box 3007
EVADE RIGID FOOD CONTROL.
did it Guess not.
Get a bottle of "Gets-It" today from
any drug store, you need pay no more
than 25c or, sent on receipt of price by
E? Lawrence & Co.. Chicago, 111.
Sold in Bisbee and recommended as
the world's best corn remedy by the
Thelps Dodge Mercantile Co.
Advertisement.
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS.
tloualy In Violation of Auto
cratic Rulings.
Even the autocratic food control of
Germany has been powerless to pre
vent surreptitious sales, according to
semi-official reports reaching the Unit
ed States food administration. Illegai
f sales of butter are being made in Ger
many at rrlces ranging from $1.73 to
$C2o a pound. Ecgs sold contrary to
! the German food regulations are
i bringing 10 to 15 cents apiece, accord
lng to these roris. And bacon or
I ham Is bringing from Ji'Jo to $3."5 r
twind.
GOOD LUMBER IS AT THE
BOTTOM
of our success. Low prices may
help some, but it's the fine qual
ity of our lumber that brings
our customers back time and
again. It pays us to sell good
?umber.- It will pay you better
to buy it. It lasts longer and
is more satisfactory to work up.
. Try us with an order and you'll
come back when you want more.
Bisbsc Lumber Company. inc
EMIL MARKS,. MGR.
LOWELL CAR STOP.
PHONE 8. FOUR
THE B1SBEE DAILY REVIEW, FRIDAY MORNING, JANUARY 25, 1318.
Published Every Day Except Monday By the
State Consolidated Publishing Company.
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRES8
The Associated Press is exclusively entitled to the
use for republication of all news dispatches credited to
tt or not otherwise credited to this paper and also tLe
local news published herein.
All rights ri republication ot special dispatches here's
are also reserved.
Business Office Phone No. 39.
BRANCH CONNECTING ALL DEPARTMENTS.
Advertising Rates on Application.
Entered as Second Class Mail Matter at Bisbee, Arizona,
Under Act or March 8, 1879.
Subscription Rates, Payable In Advance:
PER MONTH -5
THREE MONTHS Z-25
KIT MONTHS -
TWELVE MONTHS
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per year
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per quarter-
7.53
2-50
.75
No Subscription Taken For Leas Than 75 Cents.
Review subscribers not receiving a copy of The Bisbee
Daily Review before 8 a. m. will get one promptly by
special Western Union Messenger by telephoning the
Circulation Department , No. 39. The Review will con
sider it a favor if the irregularity of delivery is reported
to the Circulation Department. The Messenger Service
applies to Bisbee only.
Friday Morning, January 25, 1918.
I Our Army in France
America is facing more than one test in this war,
and perhaps the greatest of them is to show whether
it is big enough and strong enough to hear the truth,
declares the Kansas City Star. We have eaten up a lot
of flattery and sentiment about the debt we are repay
ing to France. We have found it easy to take. We have
permitted ourselves to pose considerably in the role
of savior of the French people, and have been admiring
cur own postures so much and listening so intently to
the acclaim that we haven't had t'me to inquire how
- 'performance is measuring up to the advance notices.
The American army has been in France six months.
It is not in a position where its lines of communication
are difficult or liable to interruption. It is not under
fire. It is less than 300 miles from the French ports
to which American supply ships have fairly safe access
anyway, none of them have been sunk on the way
to that port, and so far as we know everything that has
been sent to the army has reached it. Yet the Ameri
can army is not yet prepared to begin repaying the debt
to France about which we have heard so much, and
about which the French people are reported by trust
worthy American correspondents to have heard too
much. And not alone because it is not yet large enougu
in numbers, but because the numbers now there are
not supplied with the things a figiting army must have.
Casper Whitney, who went to France to find out
about the situation for the New York Tribune, and who
found it so bad that he came home to write the facts
so they would not be held up by the censorship, says
that American efficiency has been given a black eye in
France. The French had heard a good deal about
American efficiency and were expecting to see great
things when our army got there. What they have seen
is an army without machine guns an army that had
to borrow guns from the country it came to fight for.
They saw an army that Mr. Whitney says has only five
days advance rations, nc reserves of heavy shoes or
warm clothing, no woolen so'cks except those furnished
to the hospitals by the Red Cross, no rubber boots so
necessary in trench work, no motor transport compar
able to that evolved by the French and British and
which we had before us as a working model.
America, which leads the world in motor production,
arrived in France with what Mr. Whitney declares
were second hand trucks of inadequate capacity and
is now buying cars in Italy.
This is a condition which means simply that the sup
ply and transport of an army comparatively small has
broken down at the start. It has broken down in fair
weather, with roads open and the army only in training.
When Lord Northeliffe was in Kansas City he warned
us that if anything happened to our transport service
we would have an army marooned in France, an army
that France could not feed or supply with fighting ma
teriaL What he Jiad in mind was failure to build
enousrh ship tonnage, but lack of ship tonnage is not
the only thing that might maroon an army. There is
no lack of tonnage for the relatively Email force now
in France. Mr. Whitney charges, indeed, that ships
come over there only half laden. Yet our army today
is a marooned army so far as having a fighting equip
ment is concerned. It is an unready army,' notwith
standing it has for a base the richest country in the
world, the greatest in industry and manufacturing, afire
with patriotic feeling and passionately eager to strike
a telling blow for the world's freedom.
What is the reason? Why is the government, with
every resource of the country at its disposal, unable
to make a better shoving after nearly a year of war?
The ccuntry is entitled to know. It wants to meet the
test of the truth now, not later when the remedy may
come too late.
For none ever feared that the truth should be heard
Rut bim whom the truth would indict.
started campaigns to economize in the use of a score
of other essentials and luxuries, the government itself
is still as wasteful and extravagant as ever in its use
of paper. Estimates of the public printer for the fiscal
year call for the purchase of 100 million pounds of paper.
Heavens, what a lot of paper! It is printed in a print
shop as big as all the houses of a fair sized city and
carried over the land upon precious train wheels over
priceless trackage by our sore pressed transportation
companies. And these tons of books, pamphlets, leaf
lets, speeches and junk, what part do they play in win
ning the war? To this editor's desk alone comes every
day an armful of this stuff, most of which is duplicated
a dozen times over. One-tenth of this mass of printed
matter would suffice to carry the needed helpful war
messages of the government to its people. How about
economy by the government printshops and offices as
well as by the people and the newspaper publishers!
WOMAN BOOTLEGGERS.
Washington Times: You are standing at the road
side, near Shenandoah, Iowa. A big automobile is over
turned in the gutter. The ground is covered with broken
bottles and soaked with pouring whiskey. A young girl.
Mary Nace, lies dying among the broken bottles, wet
with whiskey, and half frczen by the blizzard.
This young woman and five of her girl friends were
employed to drive automobiles loaded with wTiiskey,
from the State of Missouri into the State or Nebraska.
Girl drivers apparently soothe the suspicions of the
police. Pernaps something more substantial than a girl
driver also soothes them.
The employers of this girl bought the whiskey for
$3.00 a quart, and when she got it into Mr. Bryan's
Sure, it sold for JS.00 a quart.
Mary Nace had taken into Nebraska six thousand
quarts of whiskey in two months she and her five boot
legging girl friends took in about 15,000 quarts per
month, and then six girl bootleggers are, of course, but
one little group in the bootlegging army. ,
ITEMS OF INTEREST
GATHERED AROUND !
BISBEE'S SUBURB
!
. I
Oscar K. Goll, Former Secre-:
tary Chamber of Commerce, j
Under Arrest for Passing I
Bogus Checks.
DOl'GLAS. Jan. 24. Justin C. Ls-I
pit, of the department of justice, who j
puts in his time catching violators of
the law, has caught the measles an I '
will be confined to his him 3 i. r sever-j
al days.
E. B. Duvall paid a $: fine in!
Judge Dunlap's court Wednesday af.tr
noon on a charge of ha-nri liqjor in ,
his possession. Duvall w.-.s arrested '
in the hole-in-the-wall drink stand on '
Monday night when a suprdy ot boo;-e i
was found hidden under the buse'xjau!
THE DOOR IS ALWAYS CI.OSKD BUT WHY?
According to word brought back by
a Douglas man who was recently in
San Antonio, Texas, Bob Claborne, for
merly of Wimberly ft Claborne. who
left here a few weeks ago to enlist in '
the aviation corps of the United States !
army, that he failed to pass that '
branch on account of a physical dis
ability.
I
, T""tT" J ' " ' ' ' K,,m p y Hli;l l I III)
'i l-.K' ' v '' '' vV er$i"J F r ' Y
r - f e - '.'ii - ,'ir..
Vi' .- ;-i.T-.i L-VI-V, f s it.
If.. - r . I
OBEY NOW AND KICK LATER.
This is a common sense and patriotic summary of the
fuel order taken by the Washington Times arter inter
viewing the business interests of the capital city of the
nation:
Whether you like it or not, obey to the letter.
This is war. and you are likely to get worse
jolts than this before it is ended.
Every business and every individual has ex
perienced great readjustments already and more
are to be made.
If the order is right it will not take long to
find out; if wrong, everybody will know it with
in a short time.
Many Washington business men and manufacturers
questioned the wisdom and the necessity of the order,
but they were agreed to obey it without protest and com
plaint.
k
Mai Grayson Murphy's message to the American people
of the cruelty and frigblfulness of the Prussian towards
prisoners and people of occupied territories, only bears
out the claims and contentions of the English and
French and Belgians for three years past Many people
here, and especially those of German lineage and sym
pathy, disbelieved these tales. But Grayson Murphy,
head of the American Red Cross in France, is not to he
doubted. He stands above the petty clamor of time
servers and gossipers and partisans. He declares em
phatically that the 'rightfulness of the Hun cannot be
told in full, for it is unspeakable; that the Prussian in
this war cannot be slandered. It is all in keeping with
Prussian tactics from the beginning. He seeks to ter
rorize, does the Teuton. He still believes he ran frighten
and cow the Anglo-Saxon, the Gaul, the Celt, the Scot
and the American by his acts of barbarism. Hence his
sinking of hospital ard passenger ships and air raids
upon open cities and torture of prisoners and wanton
destruction of cities and lands and outrages unnamablt
upon the civilians and women and children of captured
lands. His blocked head end triple plate of eeoism cannot
conceive how he can fail to strike terror to his enemies
Deputy Assessor Walter Thnmrs
left this morning- for Turner. Ruer.a.
Ft. Hunchuca and other points m tb.it
section of the county, resundns tiis
work of assessing. Assessor E. .
Hushes is in the vicinity of Stin Si
mon. Paradise. Dos Cabezas and V:'I
eox. and will conclude there before
returning.
The Mexican government has just
made a new rule that all Mexican cus
toms brokers must conduct their busi
ness on the Mexican side of the Una
For this reason H. Rivera moved his
brokerage office over to Agua Prieta
yesterday, and the International Com
mission Company. Elias Lopez ai.d
Julian Herrera will have to follow his
example at once.
Miss Nettie Baringer and Mr. M. T. j
Ansley were married at 3 o'clock yes- j
terday afternoon At the residence of A.
E. Weed, a foreman at the Copper i
Queen smelter, where Miss Barincer j
has lived for a number of years. Her ; j
parents are still in Texas. Miss 1 l;-r-,
inger is an operator at the local tele-
phone exchange. She has resided here
a number of years and nas nosts 01 1
friends who will be present at the cor- i
li
J f . I. VTA s tvV-iy
'.' ;, 'A
ii T
II
yi
!
State and County News Briefs
emony to extend their congratulations hCyjpf SlflTP iXfilPS by the men their r
and well wishes. Mr. Ansley is as well LJ tC wanting to testify. Seve
Fear for their safety is given our food supply. If such an amount
reason for not of honey were produced not only
era! of the men would the sunntv of sweets be vastly
known Pinal countv man. where he Is " ' re farmers. It is stated, and they ex- increased, but probably of equal value
engaged in the transportation business. Governor Hunt has issued a procla- pressed the fear that ttey would suf- would be the increased crops of fruli
mation fixing Feb. 8, in the southern fer at the hands of the I. W. W. organ- and seed, so often directly dependent
Miss Rose Fares, who left here last counties, and April 5. in the five north- iation if they took the stand against on the bee tor pollination.
June to accept a position In Nicaragua i era counties, as Arbor Day. ; Thompson. , While It is a fact that some parts ot
teaching in the normal school. Is much , Arizona are fully stocked with bee.
pleased with the country, people. her Transportation war taxes collected In communication fro the war yet In ether parts the reverse la true,
position and everything in teneral. ac- bT the southern Pacific railroad In be- department the University ot Arizona and Is some of the unoccupied ranges
cording to a lefter received front her half ot the government as imposed by is !jked if u ean ccelv drafted men In mesquite. catclaw and perhaps ota-
bv her sister who resides here. Mi-? the ,ct of October 3 1917 amounted in for ope1 courses in engineering and er districts, thousands of colonies may
mecaauics ui Tttriuus suns iu uibao w iriruuiauijr tpu
County Briefs
Furas fnrmerlv tancht in the PirtlO- v,.rt,K. f! .i.iri rf Ki
ville school and completed a tour-year mount the passenKer business contrib-1 he'n,moI? ',.ua?,te, ,0' 7, 0?- U
course in the state normal after which uted j199.i41.13. and freight transpor- ls b,,eved that all land grant colleges
she took the position here. She whs UUon $16, l39 56 6 , have receded the same request.
highly recommended for her presm:' ' ' It is understood that the Lniversity
..ith ci-r nthnr turhoni from 1 ( will render the service desired. A
all parts of the countrv i The s,mora c' land owned by Car- 8Ummer school for the finishing of The fiKht over the proposed removal
" ,os F- Johnson have been leased to E. drafted men in mechanical arts and of the county seat of Cochise countv
fj r Bradford formerlv ot the Arm V sPaJdinK of New 'rk .and ss- engineering may be conducted the com irt.m Toa:hs;onc to Itoucias reached
of iiwhon ft Bradford stock brokers c'ates f"r,9h9 fUh ing season. Volunteers in mechanical the supreme court e,terday when the
ot UcUy and Phoenix8. Sprung a onrVi 'is'reLl it' T " th?. wn of
Pleasant surprise on his closest friends eVill rTm.de foTi 3 mtle n ?f dtSirW!- , . ,h t C h'S" fCl!n,y s oa p1'
Jr...j h ..,rT,H fmm rangementa will te made lor a o mue John Orme. president ot the tlt
t w. uoivii J i u tiu v a. a u a aviv
- i.fc .fco. rnnnlv draft i-ontin- l"P lne llem'
with the Cochise County draft contin
gent last summer. He has been hon-i
River Valley Water I'sers' association Mover brothers won their suit for
I las len a:potr.tii I appraiser ot prot-r- $if.o against the Bonanza Belt Cop-
'Ues of applicants in uranam ana Aiar- per corvpanv yesterday In the super-
orably discharged from the armv. Un-l i wo newly appoimea special agems icopa counties tor me new year oy ino ioT COurt. in connection with a bill
der the new draft law. married men ot the department of justice arrived in Federal Land Bank of Berkeley. Since fcr s,iPp!ies. The property, all in
with dependents are exempted, so that Tucson and will be employed under the organization of the bank -Mr. urme Ccchise county, wts fce!d for foreclo
Bradford has been swung into class B. Mock, who is in charge ot the has been state appraiser, making ap- gure
four and will not have to go back into district. They are David Ross, from praisement of properties in Maricopa.
the araiv until the men In class 4 are Montana and Chas. Oliver from Texas. Cochise and Graham counties. He was. Th. N)dv cf p Barke who s
called This irtav be a long time ThT are thorouchly expenenced and .assisted in the work by Frank Luke. murdoreJ DV two s(,i.Uers on the Ro
ahead What he "will do here now Mr. , high-class men. Mr. Mock says. On account of the government not jtr.xnry 14. will be rorward-
Bradford has not yet fully decided. He allowing loans to be made on proper- tonii.ht to R,,tte. Mont., by fe Fer-
comes back looking fine, having gained A solid block of copper weighing ties under the reclamation project. umlcrtakmg company, for In-
ten pounds in weight. He has been 200 pounds and assaying 65 percent, the Salt River valley will not profit terment
surply sergeant of the 154th depot bri-, was taken from Stope No. 12 at the by the farm loan act. A number of
gade . ' Narragansett company mine, at Rose- farmers in the Buckeye country and (-c,lrtv ttcmey J F. Rosa returned
mont. Pima county, according to re- other sections ot Maricopa county. Von(, mcrnint on tn Golden
Accused of issuing checks to a Los ports to the office in Tucson. The However, wui prooaniy wm? am.Sr gute ,Jmited tnm Phoenix, where he
Angeles hotel which were refused pay- block was par of a carload mucked ot the act.
ment bv the bank on which they were oui oi me siope muii u urnmm u-i-
drawn. Oscar Coll. well known in Doug ter than 4S percent ruu of mine. California capiuliata w ho at the re
tains former secretary of the Douglas cent land sales in Tucson purchased
chamber of commerce and mines, is in John Fields, colored, found guilty of S7.000 acres of land southeast ot the d ' no R(d Cros, ladies c! Brown
. went to arrue a case on appeal before
the Vupreme court.
According to word received here to
by these acts. He is a superman; all ether peonies are ' jail in Los Angeles and has appealed first degree murder by a jury in Judge city, will start shortly to slnK a num- riaI,njns m dance to be given on
... ... . to friends here. This will be tfeepl Stanford's division of the superior ber of test wells on u'.kom acres oi me t).p of fvhruarv ISth. for the
weak and contemptible. This very reasoning has re
sulted In his andoing. His cheap estimation of Eng
land and America will eventually cost him the domina
tion of Europe proper. His very acts of cruelty will
bind his enemies together and inflame them to go on
to the terrible finish. We are free people of a great
stock and not slaves. We will make every sacrifice
demanded to throttle wanton cruelty, outrage and op
pression. Teutonic terrorism will react upon the Teuton.
It has always been so. and it always will be. Inevitable
and irrevocable.
rcrretted bv those who have known court last Friday, has been sentenced land, just east ot tne legale rauroan K,r:. r, .v. n-canization. in thf Bcn-
Goll in this country during tne past to life imprisonment at the Arizona stretcning irom a pomi eicm imirs
fifteen years and will be cause for gen- ' ytate penitentiary by Judee Stanford, south of the city f t r ten mites along
era! regret. Fields shot and killed his bride at the the railroad to the mountains.
While Goll was inclined to extrav.i- family home on Buchanan street last The land is lewl as a table slightly
ganee there was never any reason to October after domestic troubles. His above tiie valley lands, but is believed
believe that he would deliberately un- case was based on self-defense. to be underlaid with an excellent stra-
dertake to defraud anyone. The char-, ta ot water from the mountains w h,lch
itable view to te la Ken oi mis iraov, i ne state oi Aruona win loan larni- win oe eneounierea ai aimut mmj treat va'ue to ne board of
.,-tinn u that Ooll was under the in- ers livine under the Lvman Dam in fortv feet. The lUu is to divide the ' . . v.lw
riuence of liquor when the checks Apache county $12.on. taking a mort- big body into eight acre tracts and col
issued and relied on his ability rage on 12.'iH acres of land at $101 onize it with Mcnntnites. An individ-
son auditorium.
In t:ing the lit of directors of
the Cochise county stalo bank yester
day. !re M!n of Mr. A. E. lavLs was
onitttcd by mistake. Mr. Iavis is an
experienced banker and his advice
directors of the new bank.
The annual stockholders meeting o
the Trinity Copper company, which
ha holdincs in the Swisshe'.m moun-
While government odioals. armed wirh the badge and
scr;pt of antiiority. are urping and even commanding
tile fccple to tsTe wbist and neat and Tal. ard have j
to make good tne paper oy ri-uiih i- jr acre, accoraing to announcemeni uai won ami pumpm juaui m
i vors from his friends. Friends here made today by the state loan board, provided for each tract if the water
(will hope to see tne mauer iu wnicn nas just compietea an invesu- surpiy pnves aacqume as " . , neJJ MonHsy at the Gds-
isome way so tnat prosecunou 6ii"' gallon oi ir.e project, i ne state wm i ne inieresis wnu n pun-num nr McCi-inis was elect-
i . UUU U1 t,V I"' " - H UH " ' 11... 1. .Will. It UOT.VT ."IflV ' " - . - - .-
tion Co.. which is constructing the pro-
. ,M . ; ... , . . . . , .Ueutenant Lewis Douglas, son of Mr. f the construction work. The dam put In the Hold a number of specialists ' rtr una u. xt v. .
fares be doubled in order to reduce the volume of traveL ' " U!T" , 0 t thu oltv - i... . n i L kv .v.. i.l Intendent.
u... n,.i from a second to .i.n th iin..s nf marketine. throush No rban;e In the roi'O ot tne com
tu nrosiilent: John C. Rvan. Me
- - , -
. , ii.li .....iini.tM.t.
The denartmont of agr.culture has president; - M. r.... -y
This congestion of rail lines seems lo be chronic. And
the operation decided upon will be most painful, and.
worst of all. the patient must suhmit without the use
of an anesthetic.
Word from Camp Funston. whl-h bears cut a'l onr
claims and boasts as to the matchless bravery of the
American soldier, is to the effect that a private there
is sharing his little army tent this cold weather with
a mule.
It is an ill wind that blows no good. Maybe the Bol
rheviki can sucreed in detaching Austria from the Ger
man cause. It will be fifty fifty thrn. To weak linihs
cut ?ror frnrir minks
r-k. - ... T.I. B. . i .2 H.
a first lieutenant and is a personal The 1'nited States army recruiting better organization, reliable market re- rr mur.
to General Frederick S. Koltz. 0ffi.-c was opened In Phoenix jist 13 ports, control o! disease, and ctvor- xelopins a si.vcr propositu
commanding the Ninety-first division months ago. During that time thpre ation In the solving of all the problei.is cunt:y with satmactjry inu.caoiis.
at ("amp Lewis. American Lake. Wash has been an average of slightly over of commercial foee-koeplr.g. Ari-ion
tnKton. 27 men sent from this city into the may well be proud of her record in For the first time in ' "'""y mon,n
Lieutenant Douclas was one of the ranks of the army every month The hnnev production, only the slsies cf tre wa'er sur.p'y of She Hiiarnutt
Douglas voung men to go to the first htKh record was established last Msy Delaware. Nevada and Wyoming hav- "a:r company N on the increase
officers training camp at the Presidio hn 61 recruits enlisted. December ig less population than Anions, vet At no im the sunply been !ort
of San rrnnrisco. He is a graduate of as a close second, with 5S enlist- only nine states produce mort bruey. enot'gh o have to do a in ",l1n
Amherst College. ments. February was the lowest and Arirona stands as one of th ten ilas vi't off the supply part of te
Yonng Douelas' ambition immeliate- month, when only two recruits were states vroducing more than 1 1' M-.o-rO day. For t!:e lust (ew years tne
ly attracted his general officers, who sent from the local recruiting office, pounds of honey annually. water supply of Ton.bstone bas never
reoommendeil him for a hisher rank. The production of honey for K n t- n sht "tf frr a minute from
and his frinds in this city will be Out of ten or twelve persons who tire nntion averaged, according ; the sl-nr'ate ot water, but the nianase
plad to learn of his rapid promotion. aclaim to have heard Gorse Thompson census of lit'1?, less than three-fit'n nvnt ot tbe -a of their li'e tbis
His father. James S. IVukIhs. is a moraiwr ol the I. V. V declare "I pounils per capita, but Arizona aver- winter: tbe dryest wntcr since t..e
serving with the Red Cross In France hope evry Amoriean soldier sent to aced about five pound p-r capita. If season o' 19rtS4. ttod pure water
and Mrs. lVmglas. his mother. Is etr-at- France is killed." Police Chief Georee the other states should produce as every in'iuite of the diy with pressure
Iv interested in Red Cross work and O irisln-is of Phoenix has been nn- much honey per capita as does Arizona eno-ikh to put cut tbe ord'nary lire
the war work of the Y. W. C. A. which able lo find a sinRle one who possess- the production for tbe nation would be ih a sanlen hose Is son etbin thrt
she has assisted Nth persma!Iy and cs sufiicit lit lackNne to take the w it- approximately i.e.oo.onii pounds which mishty V, towns in the old wcr'.d
financially. i.s stand a;i!'st the mau this, alter- would bo a ry uiutviial it.irv;t iu . t -t r.. THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, FRIDAY MORNING, JANUARY 25, 1918.
FIVE
SURPRISE MARRIAGE 1
OF LOCAL COUPLE IN
TUCSON LAST WEEK'
Confirmation of the rumor of the i
marriage of Albert J. Detloff and Miss ,
Myrtle Arborn via secured yesterday ;
with the return of the couple from a j
brief wedding trip to Phoenix. Mr. and j
Mra. Detloff have taken a house on O. i
K Street.
Several months ago the engagement
of the couple was announced at a din-'
ner given them by local friends. The
date of the marriage, however, was
kept a secret. It is said that some of
the groom's friends intended playing
a very practical Joke and this, reach-'
ing his ears, induced him to eliminate
the possibility.
Accordingly, early Saturday morn
ing the couple left Bis bee on the belat
ed west-bound Golden State and that
morning were married in Tucson. The
same day they left for Phoenix and
spent their honeymoon in the capital
city, listening to the cotton talk and
war activities.
Mr. Detloff is one of the owners of
the Progressive Amusement Company
of Bisbee. He was born in the city
and has spent practically his entire
life here. Mrs Detloff is the daughter
of Mr. and Mrs. Robert Arborn and
has resided to Bisbee for many years
i ne congraiuiauuus oi uuci ui
friends goes to the couple.
,inT,.nn 'i,ini !
APPEAL WITHD RAW N ;
FROM HIGHER COURT
J
(Br Review Leased Wir- '
WASHINGTON. Jan. 24. The Mo-;
tion Picture Patents company plans
to withdraw its appeal from lower
court decrees restraining it and ten :
proprietary companies as well as a
large number of individuals from car
rying out agreements which the gov-;
eminent claimed were in violation of '
the anti-trust laws.
The company recently notified At-,
torney General Gregory that it was ',
content to abide by the decree of the
lower court and that with one or two ,
exceptions all those named originally j
as defendants had agreed to conform
to the court's ortier. Today the su-j
preme court granted a motion by the
company to postpone arguments on'
the appeal and it was understood that
as socn as communications could be
obtained from the defendants
the ,
comDnv would ask the court to dis .
miss the case.
The government alleeed the com
pany had obtained a monopoly o' pat
ents .used in the motion picture in
dustry. Pure Aluminum
Style
A.L
st
r1
Style 2
A Fruity, Economical Dessert or Salad
We want you to know Jiffy
Jell for your own sake. See how
it excels the old-style gelatine
-desserts. It will surprise and
delight you.
JiEy-Jell b m exquisite prod
uct, made with rare-grade gel
atine. No sugar, no fruit need
Lc added. Just add boiling
water. Then add the rich fruit
flavor from the vial in each
package.
The grezt distinction lies in
these wondrous flavors, mads
' from fresh, ripe fruit. They are
highly concentrated, so Jiffy
Jell desserts and salads have a
wealth of rich fruit taste. They
ccme tca'ed Ln bottles one in
c:ch package so they keep
thsir strength and freshness.
A Cattle of Frail Flavor in Every Packago
PERSONAL
i wttc orw. t it li w cmii no vvt nou.-k
wntsl tsj cl prn-Uy. Grturi i ebbrs
ran ct mi 'tx.L. k.ac cmtTr r -9 4ia
pisptr sooUia. 5o at tz o-at t mr wfct
kw -n'tei 03 w rcpotvt liu czlcr msd bja vry
. tmtij tm accept it.
Ten Flarori in Glass Vials
f'rmC Flavor m Scpm tc Vial
Stimlntif CA.rrry f r-nhTTy
Ounitt i -s 'mc Mint
7m fcin.i ' .- JcfH Grmcmrm
QUOTA RAISED BY
LOCAL KNIGHTS
II
Last evening the committee in
charge of the war camp fund cam -
paign of the Knights of Columbus an -
nounced that the full Quota. $5,000. of
the Warren District, would undoubted
ly be oversubscribed when the total,
yesterday afternoon, amounted to
I4.81S.75.
. "I desire to thank everyone who has
contributed to the success of this
arjTe" said Hugh M. Gallagher, chair -
man of the committee and to whom is
riron itin-h f the rrodit for th rpn.
eral success of the movement.
"To the teams and captains or tae
trams we desire to exnress our sneclal
thanks. Without them and their cor-;
dial co-operation the quota would not
have been approximated. Their disin
terested efforts have resulted in a suc
cessful issne to the campaign.
"To the people of the Warren Dis
trict who have contributed to the fund
I desire to offer the thanks ot the
heaU of the movement ul t0 a88ure
them that the money giTen go
h f d aid f ,h
American soldier, regardless of his
creed. We take the position that there
cannot be too many comfort houses
for the men at the front. Y. M. C. A.
the KnlEhts of Columbus, and the
Training Camp Activities Committee
are working toward the Vame end and
tth remarkable results.
"In the case of the Knights of Co-
Iambus fund the money secured from
the campaign will go into the actual
cuuiLun lur me uil i ne urgauizauuu
itself takes care of every overhead ex-,
perise.
POLLY OF THE CIRCUS
FFATlIRP AT FflfilF
I Ln I U11L. M I UnULL
j
-Polly of the Circus." an elaborate j
screen presentation of Margaret ,
Mayo's great drama of circus life, is I
the first of the beautiful productions
to be released by the new Goldwyn
Pictures corporation. Mae Marsh is ,
the star of this immense photo spec-;
tacle which is being shown today for
the last time at the Eagle theatre,
; ."Polly of the Circus." as a drama. 1
was cne of the greatest successes of
the American stage, and made a for-
IN BIG CAMPAIGN
Dessert Molds
Assorted Styles
S
Style 4
ft
iretime - ui
RealFroit
Flavor. .
A Bottle
t in uca
Packare.
A sealed bottleof liquid
fruit flavor is in each
Jiffy-Jell package
All fruit flavors are
made direct from the
freh, ripe fruit itself.
r "
I Mail UsThis Coupon
I
Now I
Q 23c
Writ rlfT
I
114 dif-
Yoar AdiM.
AJJrea
Be sure you jret Jiffy-Jrl!. with pclf e like picture, for nothing
else has tree-fruit flavors in vials. Mail coapon to
Waukesha Pure Food Company, WaukeiKa, Wis.
- j
SILVER WEDDING IS
CELEBRATED BY PAIR
AT CANANEA HOTEL
! Last Wednesday night the Alezan
i dria HoteL at Cananea. was the scene
of a pretty celebration when friends
of Alex and Mrs. McKeniie gathered
to ostensibly, pay their respects to
jlne wlfe of tne suest. but in reality,
1 to fete tnern on tn occasion of their
uiuTersary.
At the end of an elegant supper, W.
A. Julian toasted the guests and
wished for them a continuation of
their happiness and good fortune. Mr.
McKeniie. in answer, expressed the
wish that their Golden Anniversary
1 might be spent with the same crowd.
MT- -MCivenzie is one ot tne oldest
I employees oi lie rour LS, Oeing in
! cee the pumping plant at the
UJO ae Agua. Several days after the
L celebration Mrs. McKeniie left for
Colorado where she will visit for some
time.
VOTE IS UNANIMOUS
By Review Lae1 Wire)
LONDON'. Jan. 24. The house of
commons tonight passed the third
reading of the man-power bill. The
vote was unanimous.
tune for its authors and owners. In
j films it takes its place as one of the
most remarkable productions ever
I made.
i "Polly of the Circus" tells the story
lof a little circus orphan (Mae Marht.
J who has been raised by Toby, the
clown (Charles Eldridge). Polly is
rurt in an accident and has to remain
behind while the show goes on She
is taken to the home of the minister.
wnere cer presence in the uoue Is
turned irit-j scandal by the rarrov-
cunded vil.age gossips.
This leads to her going back to the
circus, but the following Spring the
' circus comes back to the little town.
na tnrouRb tee intervention or a
,ight and rlre ln ,h- "lAft Top"
I oily and the minister find eacn other
and happiness.
This is a picture of laughter and
teais; a picture of a score of circus
thrills and. ln fact, you see a complete
circus performa jce cn the screen
The most amazing of all the scenes
is the burning of the n:ain tent dur-
ing the evening performance and the
wild stampede of the audience. Ever-
ett Shinn. the famous artist, designed
jtbe settings, and Margaret Mayo, the
author, personally aided Charles
Horan, the director of the picture, in
his work.
Our Offer ,
Buy from your grocer two
packages of Jiffy-Jcfl to try.
Then mall us the coupon be
low. Enclose only 10c to pay
mailing, and we will send you
three individual dessert molds
in assorted styles, made of
pure aluminum.
Or enclose 20c and we will
send six molds enough to
serve a full package of JifFy
JelL The value is 60c per set.
Or ,we will send a pint
mold, either heart or fluted
shape value 50c for only
10c to pay mailing.
Cut out the coupon now.
Order Jifry-JeH at once, for
this offer expires in one week.
If You'll Try
Jiffy-Jell
. See how Jiffy-Jell differs
from old-type desserts where
the flavors came mixed with
the powder. It will be a revela
tion. Here you have fruity dain
ties, zestful salads, at a trifling
cost. No other fruit dainty
costs so little. No other form of
dessert is so economical- Mix in
vegetables or fruit for health
ful, nourishing salads.
Millions are enjoying JiSy-JelL
Now we ask yon to bny two pack
ages to try. Then mail this coupon
to us. and any molds yon select will
be sent yon for just the cost of
mailing. They mean a lifetime gift.
Cut out the coupon now, for this
offer expires in a week. Be sure
yoa receive the Jiffy-Jfcll from the
grocer bcftrc sending as the
coupon.
H7 yoa buy JiTy-JtB
tram your Grocer
I have today received two packages
of Jiffy-Jell as pictured hers from
4 N mmm of Otocmt
mail this coupon with
for Pint Mold, heart or fluted, or
for 3 Ind.vidual MolJ,or
for 6 Individual Molds
Cbcck which)
Robert Burns
by JA.V.ES C. HENDERSON. BISXCE. ARiZCNA.
The date. 25th January is a memor -
able one in the minds of Scotsmen of
ail walks of life, for it was on that
day. in the year 1733, that a blast
of Jan'wer wind blew tansel in on
Robin."
Great epochs, great happenings, un-
like commonplace events, erow as we
recede from them, and judged by the
acid test o time, the birth of Robert
Funis, the Scottish bard, must indeed
be prest. at least in the minds of all
people who appreciate the choice
nenis cf his songs, the offsprings of
a brilliant mind and a noble heart.
that he bequeathed to posterity,
AS a poet, ne aeservmgiy occupies
an honored niche in the Hall of Fame.
dedicated to me oroi.ner uiemoers oi
his craft.
As a man. he was big in heart and
n-ind. even his fallings assumed the ;
same proportions. To most fair mind-
ah rritir as well as to that vast mul -
titude called his admirers. Father
Tim has mercifully woven a cloak
cf charity over his memory, enabling
cs to forget the alloy .if his personal
life for the pure gold f his work.
Today, the memory of Robbie Burrs
Big Success Is
cinch's Socia
The Christian church was comforta -
bly crowded last night for the program
and sociable given by G. T. Hutson's
..... . o
bible class, losers In the drive tor Sun -
day School members. The singing by
the Williamson quartette and solos by
Mr. Rancourt featured the occasion.
Captain Schwab. M H. Donaldson,
Mile Merrill and Cullen A. Cain were I all his life.
the speakers. ! As the sn of Proteus Prind'e. he
Captain Schwab talked most inter- of the twenty seven varieties. In "His
estingly of the work of his company.! Picture in the Papers." Fairbanks has
the Thirty-First Infantry, stationed at ; to go through a really dangerous au
Bisbee, Mr. Merrill appealed to the j toruob'le accident, box with a pro
men at home to support the men in , fessional pugilist, who had been in
the trenches with an eager and loyal 1 st meted to put plenty of "pep" into
heart. ! his work, mess up a round dozen
Cake and coffee were served at the! husky negro porters at Atlantic City,
end ot the program. Rev. Deatherage be thrown twice from a moving train,
acted as toastmaster and master of. jump from an ocean liner and swim
ceremonies. It was a very pleasant ! ashore, and do a variety of other sim
and patriotic occasion, worthy in ev-jUar stunts.
ery way of the warm hospitable Quite a propraaime for unvone who
church people who gave it and the Am fancies the simple, quiet life!
erican flag that decorates the wall of ,
the church like a star of hope in ;THRFF AMFRIPAN? IMF
hannv skv
CHINESE TROOPS TAKE
HARBIN FROM RUSSIA
-
A PACIFIC PORT. Jan. 24. Pas-
sengers aboard a trans-Pacitic liner
arrived hete today from the Orient
brought details of the capture by
Chinese troops or the Manchurian city
o Harbin
T. J. Davis of Chicago, one of the
passengers, said the Chinese took the
ciiy in a unique but effective manner.
"The Chinese commander." Mr.
Davis said, -walked into the office of
the Bolshevik! commander, and
promptly killed bim."
Much fighting followed. Mr. Davis
said. At the close of hostilities, he
asserted the wll drilled Chinese
j trocps had driven the Dolsheviki sol
i diers from the city.
GENERAL BUSS IS ON
BIG WAR. COUNCIL
(Continued from Page One)
the news of his safe arrival came today-
.1
Bliss Will Report.
From General Biiss the war council
j will obtain an r.p-to-the-minute report
I cn what the United States will be able , There are vast numbers of men ar.J
! to contribute to operations on the f women who. immediately upon arisinx
western front this spring and summer, in the morning, drink a glass cf real
(His report tas been forecast to some hot water ilh a teaspoonful cf lime-
extent by President Wilson's state- stone phosphate in it. This is a very
I r.ient to congressional visitors that .excellent health measure. It is in;eaU
j there would be in Europe in June i ed to flush the stomach, liver. Vmno
I twice the number of American troops and the thirty feet of intestir.es of the
j which It had been originally planned previous day s waste, sour bile and in
ito send by that time. ; digestible material left over m the
uenerai buss aiso ren iniorni nis ,
conferees exactly the situation in
whith the United States fini itself
now t rioii'.-ffrv ,.f snnnlioc nf all
Fcrts to lne Rii:es " , which are then absorbed into the
i While Secretarv Takers statement . h' causing headache, bilious nt
roerelv said tl.at General Bliss had tacks, foul breath, had taste. co!us.
i arrived in France to ropresent the
airmy cn the rounci!. 'here have been
I intimations th.it renewed recommend
j ations for vigorous offensive opera
tions on the widest possible scale mere
ir.cluded In the IrsTuctions the eeneral
' received before sailing.
! "To StiDoert Nsactiations."
I Prcbabiy the primary consideration'
I before the council m hen it reconvenes
iwill be the widely advertised propos-i
j ed German offensive on the western ,
; front. A mass of information has.
'reached the allied powers from many
'iuarfrs indicating an impending drive
?prirst the 1'ri'lsh or French lines.
;Oi b.Mh.
e possibility susgested by Colonel
, nnHnntrn. the B-:ih militarv" cr:tic.
in in:t:al urtirle n the London Post
t-tlay that the Grnmn concentration
Tay be "10 support nesotiations'
r. t r Than for m assault is in line
, v 'h vle-s held ty sime An.erlvan
-f i.-t-. vere Thev iel tsat the
C"Ta 1 l"-i n'v.rund I' e'ldeavorina
r - 11- ':- ?-o-?y n' i. irej: afa k
- pre!i:r.in"ry to another peaie
drive.
1 . o - ; i v 's ; l e!e
t? rt t' e al'fes n'" ait i-t' the Her
ni.-.n attark a j:rent drive as the
I'ri'.Sh line d'-i 'n Fian'Ts.
KANSAS CITY Vo .T:. 2 4. I
rcn,l"-n i.-ovt r A ex'!ii r win
--.-! 'n f ! uni'rr-fi his winter."
('"frli-s Vrch-iar. "''deT of "h
t"hr-B" Xj'i n-l "eii;v brs"ai: c'vb.
1 .J -r 'i'ry M -. W'rp'l- ai
s; -d If hid ;"i-' who iT'ii t Pu".
Nh.. Al-saiider's dome, wl er le h-d
i.. l- Ur v i '. c .
: is revealed to all fair minded men
who re conversant with his checuuer -
ed life, as one of the chosen few. wha
: in the history of this old world of
I ec-s have hud bequeathed to them the
Idivine spark of genius, and who jravei
voice to the emotional lite la s'iblime
song end poetry. He breathed the
rarer ether of a high spiritual sphere.
and while the work of bis bands was
of a humble nature, his mind was for
ever banqueting with the Gods.
In reviewing his work today there
srs many lines that stand revealed
pure as costly gen:s. but in the think
ing of world's history of the present
no ,ine8 of ,nv or autnor naTe
. r the pirit of true nronhecv
; than these:
nen iei us pray mai roniu u nu;
(As ccme it will for a' that")
That sense and Worth o'er a' the'
i Earth
. Shall bear the gree" an a" that.
i I
; Fcr a" that an' a' that
i Its coming yet for a' that
That man to man the vorld o'er
; Shall brothers be for a that."
j HAPPINESS HABIT IS
l FAIRBANKS' OFFERING
j In the Trianclc, play. "The Habit of
; Happiness." which appears at the
Crr-heum tonisiht and Saturday. Dou-
! r"" na,?
I of gangsters swarming tip a stairwav
I Jn ; mannpr ta ,nl
tingle, and in "The Good Rid Man."
another Triangle success, he seemed
I 'o have more scraps and action on
ihorseb.-ck than he ever had before in
I w.w
WASHINGTON. Jan. It. General
PdKhino trA n Hrmrt oft thma A m a vi .
jean infantrymen kiiled in artion on
'January 21st. He gave no details of
tne engagement. The dead are:
Private Albert Cook. West Almonl.
X. V
Private Harry Carman. Catawba. Va.
Private Leo Ka.ll. Cleveland. O.
General Pcrshioe also reported the
dth of Thomas M. Coyne. Cleburne.
Tex- of rneunion:a.
Get
the
I ! V4 .- .
Drinking Hal Wale:
Before Breakfast
Says we cant lc:k or feel riht
with the system full
of poisorv
l
.Minions oi ioiks name iniemaiiy
now instead of loading their sysiem ; f p
with drucs. "What's an inride baih?"
you say. Well, it is guaranteed t per
form miracles if you could believe
these hot water enthusiasts.
............. ... ......
day. becomes food for the mii'itns of
bacteria which infest the bowels, the
quick result is poisons and tov.i.
stomacn trounie. Kwney misery si,.-p-
lessness. impure blood and all sorts
of ailments.
People who feel rvnl one day and
i badly the next, but wh.v simply cannot
get feeling risht are urce' to obtain
a quarter pound of limestone p'.ms
i phate at the drug store. This ill cos!
very little but is sufficient to inaVo
anyone a real crank cn the AUbj.-ct pf
internal sanitation. Adv
FINE FOR JMATISI
Musterole Loosens Up Those
Stiff Joints Drives Out Pain
YouH know why thousands use Uus
terole once jrott experience the glad tC
lief it gives.
Get a jar at ooce from the nearest
drugstore. It is a clean, white ointment.
made with the oil of mustard. Better
than a mustard plaster and does cot
blister. Brintrs ease and comfort while
it is being rubbed on!
.Musterole is leoanrrnended by many
doctors and nurses. Millions of jars are
used annually for bronchitis, croup, stitf
neck, asthma, neuralgia, pleurisy, rheu
matism, lumbago, pains and aches of the
hack or joints, sprains, sore muscles,
bruises, chilblains, frosted feet, colds of
the chest (it cftea prevents pneumonia).
30c nd 6Uc jars; hospital sue S2.54
SHE'WAS
ONLY TWENTY
J my . e ff J -a r 1
1 Ct DUIterea WItH functional
Disorder and Was Cured
by Lydla E. Pinkham's
Vegetable Compound.
Spring Valley.Ili."Formany months
! sutTered from periodic pains I doc-
torea witn our lam
ctfived no relief
then I explained my
trouble to another
doctor and he ad
vised me to take
I ;! V H- 'H :
till V i!
j - - -: i ' i ' I
Lvdia E. Pinkham
VeeetableCom
pound. Soon after
taking it I becran to
notice a change for
the better, and af
ter taking six bot
tles I am in perfect
health, and I cannot thank you enough
for the relief it ha riven me." M.sa
i Kate Lawrence, Box 723, Spring
I Valley. 11L
School girls and girls who are em
; ployed at nome or in some occupation
should not continue to surfer tortures
at such times, but profit by the experi-
of others who have tried this famous
root and herb remedy. Lydia E. Pink
ham's Vegetable Compound, and found
relief from such surTering. If compli
cations exist write the Lydia E. Pink
bam Medicine Co., Lynn, Mass. The
result of their 40 years experience in
advising girls on this subject U at your
service.
Know of a Better Way
to Invest That Bonus
Than to
Improve .
Your Own
Home?
Probably there is no other way
the Company would rather see you
invest it.
We have everything in the build
ing line that you might need and
the QUALITY is the BEST and the
PRICE is RIGHT.
DONT LET THAT
HOUSE CONTRACT UN
TIL YOU HAVE SEEN US.
Gibson -Hiiies
Lumber Co.
J. W. F. SMITH
Phone 83 Wanajer
V
CLEANING, PRESSING, Y
REPAIRING.
CENTRAL
TAILORS
NELSON a JOHNSON, Prop.
SUITS MADE TO ORDER
yPhi
Phone 1-2-3
Main St. Lowell
ARIZONA
Bisbee Copper Co.
PER SHARE
FOR SALE IJY
COLLINS .&
BRETHERTON
We Specialize in Jerome
and O ah nan Stocks.
P. O. BOX U .9 PHONE 29
Bisb
ee
'.untins. IV.per
ncct lesi!ts.
ViCt crvW I
Stsns. Pi
HUGHES
i 1
Bo You
bloc:;, opposite y. w. c a.
P. O. Box 153!
J. B.
ANGIUS
PURE
FOOD
r
i
GROCER
i
:L
PHONE 29
Piano and Player-Piano
Tuning, Regulating and Repairing.
WORK GUARANTEED
HERBERT GRIBBLE
Phone 691
THE REVIEW
Job Department
will furnish you an estimate
on that job on short notice
JOHN G. WILSON
Contractor & Builder
Estimates furnished en all classes
of Buildings.
SEE ME LAST
Phone Green 782.
WaTKINS & BERGQUIST
Jewelers and Opticians
The HALLMARK Store
i
EYE NERVE GLASSES
I fit glasses without
drugs, drops or dang
er, and guarantee sat
isfaction. Phones: Office 136,
Residence Black 420.
DR. R. GLAZE, Ophthalmologist.
Upstairs, Over Weolworth's Store.
BISBEE TRANSFER,
STORAGE & COAL CO.
Warehouse & Office Opposite Depot
PHONES 640 and 50.
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Solicits Your
Patronage
PHONE 53
CKIBHESTSR 51 PILtS
(0
lr. A.. "Tl ll"! HVvTra
SiK.5PVC3tSCLISrf8ahLRF
HENESSEY
UNDERTAKING PARLORS
Robert Henctsey, Prop.
Opposite Depot Ambulance
Rene,w Your Insurance
With
BRUCE PERLEY
Copper Queen Hotel. Bisbee, Arix.
jOor Sbop Is New
I CetiTr '
dim jaiinai;
We VkiM appreciate your patronage
and assure you of courteous treat
ment. SUNSET BARBER SHOP
i (V.colwo.-th Bldg., Main Street)
I C. Rcstnbarger, Propr.
V
rVVVvNV-AVVVVVVvVVVn
Decorating Co.
I landing. Tinting and
Moiicrate Prices.
rhone 739
1 THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, FRIDAY MORNING, JANUARY 25, 191S.
HDNT AIDS !U SEITIMT OF
II
CO 10MY AT UNIVERSITY
After the board of repents of the Rested that Mr. Ljman make out the
university had refused the nine de-jlist of supplies needed, that the in
macds on them by the commission on speetor and assistant purchasing
state institutions, which virtually ; agent appointed by the commission
called fcr the abrogation of the Ly-' cheek these over and that t"ie pur-
man contract for the supervision of 'chases then be made by the financial!
the construction of the mining buill 'agent of the university. Mr. Lyman!
ins. the commission reduced the de- i stated that he would agree to this
mands to three, says :he Tucson Cit-1 provided that his attorneys bold that
iieu. Mr. Lym&n called in and agreed I this is not a violation of the con
to the same, subject to the approval i tract.
cf his attorneys and the board of re-
Several suggestions were made to
gents adjouwed until Monday wltV .C7 V,;,!. j.. .1,..
9W$5?ttT,0,Ta!!Tt fun membTrsh.; uld be pre
be called together if Lyman and the; d he Hunt foes wmld Jn..
commission reached an agreement. taut tDese were BOt ,cted npon. j
The Hunt forces were short two- ., . 1
rotes. Superintendent of Public In-! Hunt ivofi ce. ,
struction C. O. Case was to reach? Hunt, after listening to the sta'e-'
Tucson cn Xo. 10. This train was ment by the regents urged that the;
annulled and he was compelled to ! commission and the board make some,
turn back to Phoenix. H. M. Mc- agreement for continuance or the con-;
Closkey. organizer for the Western strncticn of the fining building. (
Federation of Miners, appointed toi The commission criticized me poara
de board was detained in Denver, i f or not reouirine an additional bond
Governor Hunt -eras present in per-. from Lyman and the board showed ;
son. At the morning session. F. C.I the commission that they had been;
Strocfcmeyer on behalf of the com- advised by Wiley E. Jones mat tney
mission reiterated the nine demands, could not do so.
When the adjournment was taken at The beard showed the commission
tie noon hour it appeared that no every step taken in the contract with j
settlement would be reached. ! Lxman. that it was for the best in-1
At noon John T. Hughes moved ! terests of the university of Ariiona !
that Lyman be called in. Dean Scar-! and that Wiley Jones, attorney gen-(
lett voted with the Hunt forces onienl. was consulted hi each step. 1
this motion and it carried. Lyman ! There was no reference to the mat-1
was called in and Governor Hunt ; ter of trust rands except when the ;
questioned him on several points. j minutes of the previous meeting were ,
When the rpgents had explained read and Struckmeyer then seated that ;
their position and refused to grant ; be thought an agreement could be 1
the nine demands. Lyman being still j reached on thjs point.
present, the ccmniision then asked I The matter T the removal of sev-
state institutes for approval.
'4. An inspector to be appointed
by the commission, mho shall also
act as assistant to the purchasing
agent in making out material lists
and specifications.
"5. This arrangement to be tem
porary. It will be confirmed later
by the commission of state institutes
without radical departure from the
terms as herein stated.
The claims now being held
will be passed as soon as it is pos
sible to check them.
"7. The board of regents to con
tinue to use its present special fund
of approximately $23,000.
"S. The question of Mr. Lyman's
final remuneration to be considered
later.
"9. All of the above arrangements
to apply to the shop building as well
as to the mining and engineering
building."
Hunt the Med. ate r.
While the sessions Tuesday were
behind closed doors and no statement
was issued by the regents respecting
the proceedings, it is learned that it
was Hunt who finally brought the op
posing sides tgether. Before the noon
hour, when the commission madq
their nine demands, the situation was
tense and there seemed every likeli
hood cf an open break. This was the ',
situation when adjournment for lunch !
was taken.
The commission lunched with Dr.)
Von KleinSniid and the regents re-;
convened at I o'clock. The commis-:
sion was not called in until an hour;
later. In the meantime Hunt had ai
serious talk with the members of bis
commission. It is understood that he
told them that they were carrying thq;
business too far and had better coin-
promise.
Tactic Are Changed. I
When the commission met the re-!
gents again at 3 o'clock, they bad
changed their atutude entirely and '
then offered to withdraw sis of the !
nine demands, modifying the others. !
I.yman was sect for and Hunt asked
him a number of questions. He was j
very conciliatory. '
Lyman showed a disposition to te:
entirely reasonable and Hunt told the
regents and members of the commis-;
sion that they ought to be able to get j
together cn the three points. He ad-;
dressed first Lyman, then the regents
and then the commission and the three,
provisions were finally whipped into
such form as to be satisfactory to all. ;
Lyman reserving the right to consult j
his attorneys in the matter. j
"DRESS REHEARSAL" IN SUBMARINE ZONE AN EARNEST OXE
: i
the toerd if they would grant three
cf the demands as a basis of com
promise. The board stated that they
would like to hear from Mr. Lyman
on the subject.
Revised Demands.
The first demand which the com-
eral offending members of the fac-
ulty of the university was deferred;
until such a time as the Hunt forces,
have a full membership present.
Original Demands.
The nine original demands in ref-j
erence to the Lyman contract made j
mission insisted upon was the fur- by the commission and reiterated at
nishing of one copy of the plans to
the board and another to the com
mission. Mr. Lyman consented to
the "meeting of the boards Tuesday.
were as follows:
-1. The board of regents to ad-1
this subject to the approval of his ! vise the commission of state insti- J
sttcrnev provided that the plans were
to remain his property. The board
then consented with this proviso.
The second demand insisted upon
by the commission was hat they
name an inspector to act as assisting
purchasing agent. Mr. Lyman said
that they could appoint as many in
spectors s they wanted and the board
agreed to this.
The commission then insisted that
all power to purchase supplies be
taken from Mr. Lyman. The board
refused this and it was then sug-
. . - - - . v . V. V. a a nn.
tutes in wniing iu mc-j - 1
sidered it essential that Mr. Lyman j
be retained as architect and super-j
visor of construction of the mining j
and engineering building and shops, j
"2. Mr. Lyman to furnish twoj
complete sets of plans and specifica-i
tions before being paid anything in '
excess of $7500.
"4. The purchasing of supplies to
be taken out of Mr. Lyman's hands
and the plan for such purchasing to
be advised by the board of regents j
and submitted to the commission of'
Pure Chewing Gum 3
a Stick a da
keeps
the
sailor dovs
seasickness
away
1
VW'. .':'.V;4 7'- -'J tiffs')
- Tajna .JwaJ . la'-. - .. . . -"i r-rirtfVi.i-U 1 j i ; ' - wai .we.-;tV
a 1 1
"4
A life preserver drill aboard a French steamer.
Every ship that approaches the so-called barred rones of the Teutonic sea lords holds uxily driKs for ctw
ser.gers and crew so that everyone will know just what to do should the vessel meet a foe submarine. Th
photograph shows such a drill aboard French steamer. The man speaking in the cent-r is a French oITicer,
fCDiaander of the ship's Rnncrew, and he is instructin? the pssengersail of whom are wearing We prervcr
V
DENMAN GIVES IDEA
OF HOPEFUL ESTIMATE
(Br Ra-vK-w tensed TVIr !
WASHINGTON'. Jan. 14. William j
Den man. former chairman of the ship-'
ping board, gave 6.000.000 tons as a ;
"hopeful estimate" of allied shipping j
losses this year in testifying today :
before the senate commerce commit
tee. Mr. Den man said that nothing could
te learned from British official re
ports of shipping sunk because they
iuclude only British vessels, and only
a part af the loss to shipping was due
to submarine of mines.
FEW GENTS DESTROYS
YOUR DANDRUFF AND
STOPS FALLING HAIR
I STOCK EXCHANGE WILL
BE CLOSED MONDAYS
Iff
i (Bv Review Lead Wirci
j NEW YORK. Jan. Zi The board
!of governors of the New York stock
exchange decided today to close the.
exchange on the remaining heatless
Mondays Imposed by the fuel administration.
PEVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS
Save your hair! Make it thick,
wavy and beautiful
try this!
Thin, brittle, colorless and scraggy
hair is mute evidence of a neglected
scalp: or dandruff that awful scurf.
There is noihing so destructive to
the hair as dandruff. It robs the hair
of its lustre, its strength and its very
life: eventually producing a feverish
ness and itching of the scalp, which if
not remedied caueses the hair roots to
shrink, loosen and die then the fcair
falls out fast. A little Danderine to
night njw any time will surely
save your hair.
Get a small bottle of Knowlton's
raaderine from any drug store or toi
let counter, and after the first applica
tion your hair will take on that life, las-
tre and luxuriance which is so beauti
ful. It will became wavy and Cuffy
and have the appearance of abundance,
an incomparable floss an. I softness;
but what will please you most will be
j after just a few weeks' use. when you
I win actually see a 10: of aae. downy
hair new hair growing ail over the
I sklp-
HORSES FOR FOOD IS
PROPOSAL IN BRITAIN
LONDON. Jan. I4. At a meeting of
butchers in Harrow today it was an
nounced that slaughtering of horses
for fcod would be undertaken im
mediately, it was said that the re
quest for the slaughter of horses,
which were of not sufficient use" for
service purposes, rarne from the army
authorities. The meat will be sold at
six pea a pound at certain shops.
There are already about thirty
shops selling horse flesh, largely to
Belgians and other people from the
continent, who have taken up their
homes in England since the war.
r
A Modem
at Yomit
Priiniting
DoC3T
Qffic
ce.
you want it done
promptly and well
fi3
Tdcpfioneffs Three-Nine
We are starting the New Year right by
expending a great deal of thought and
energy on making this as completely
modern a printing shop as can be found
in Arizona throwing out worn equip
ment, adding new.
Our stock room is filled with all the
best lines of paper in a great variety.
Give us the pleasure of estimating on
your next order.
THE DAILY REVIEW
JOB PRINTING DEPARTMENT
Upstairs
m
I
I
J THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, FRIDAY MORNING, JANUARY 25, 1918.
SEVEN
1
i
3
:4
1
i
-
Review Want Ads
Advertisement under tola head
tosoe, with a witmnm charge of 25
Review office not later than 8 p. m.
Male Help Wanted
WANTED A track gardener, a mar-
ried man to work on shares, every-;
thlng furnished. Apply Bert Mor-
ton. Taylor Bridge. Sulphur Sprines'
-.,, -oo
W ANTED Bell boy
HoteL
Copper
Queen
406
Female Help Wanted
WANTED Woman cook at the Stag
Club a
vv an i eu utri in luncn room, lion-;
anza lunch counter. Lowell. E- S.
McCardi. 606
For Sale
FOR SALE-1-2 dot laying hens, 11.50
each. J. T. Potter, Box 945.
659:
FOR SAL: One DeVasher cleaning ,
machine, shafts and pulleys, one
horsepower motor In excellent con-,
dition. Party buying same will have ;
privilege ox renting gooa cleaning
room. Phone 1S2.
S5S ;
FOR SALE Furniture of 3 rooms
complete, nouse. Dig Sleeping porcn ;
for rent, $15, close in. Phone Red I
822. 644 i
it, c.t. : : ,-'
FOR SALE New 5 passenger six cyl-
inder late model Paige car. owner:
drafted. J. E. R, care Review. 645 ,
and :
FOR SALE 1 good dairy cow
calf, bargain $100. No. 3 Cowan
Ridge. LowelL 64S
i uk. sai.l 13 tnorougnDrea tsurt or-s
phant hens, with rooster. 9 Warren i
Hill. Tombstone Canyon. 649
FOR SALE 6 room house completely i
furnished, can give immediate
session, near high school, 16 Tank!
HilL Phone 740 or 266. 650 1
FOR SALE Day old chicks that live'
Write for prices.' J. Albert Liggett j
Hatchery, R. 2 Phoenix Arizona. 569 ;
!
FOR SALE OS SACRIFICES John
son Hotel in Johnson Camp, Arizo-
na. 10 rooms furnished with dining
room and one private house 14x20.
all for $750 cash, value $1500 when
built. Apply A. Hines, Johnson Sup
ply Co, or Box 3361 Lowell. Ariz.
608 1
FOR SALE Two good pack burros J
and colts cheap if taken at once. 76
Laundry HilL Phone 611. 617 ,
FOR SALE The best paying small j
business in the district, man and i
wife can attend to it. Monthly sales
over one thousand dollars ($1,000)
!
m.s imk, rwraujoie reDL
will handle Address Box Sli: Low-1
ell, Arizona. 5'J9
FOR BAtjg Three room co'mg w Htr
back screen porch. 101 Art HiiL 575
FOR SALE One Underwood
writer in excellent condition.
$50 cash. Buxton Smith Co.
type-!
Price!
5-"0 j .
FOR SALE Valley farm, small pay
ment down, time on balance, some
improvements. E. P. Grindell. Mc
N'eaL 4 SO
BCY McNEAL BASIN LAND, shallow
water, small monthly payments. E.
P. Grindell.- McN'eal 4S0
IS "ArRF.S Irrmrnvprf W.I f,rm j
. k" "i
muni, viz BUIU. I w u
crops will pay it out.
dell, McNeal.
P. Crin-i
4S0!
IF YOU WANT A HOME I will sell!
you the lot and build you a hotrss.l
Terms to suit purchaser. Wm. Mc-i
Dotigal. contractor and bvi'd-r.l
Torbstone Canyon opp. Linco'nl
School. ' 479 j
BOOK OF POEMS "Westland Echoes-'
by Ned White, at the R-immage Sa e
for Red Cross. 52s j
FOR SALE Ford roadster almost
new. Myers, Darling & Hinton Co. '
n k sir.t ie
FOR SALE At sacrifice, account sick-'
ness. the Home Industry Furniture!
store roominr house tnnniro !
Hrjme Industry Furniture Store, j
LowelL 7811
Money to Loan
$30,000 TO LOAN an improved city I
property or for building, on easy
terms of payment. T. A. Hughe:..!
over Bank of Bisbee. 2.$ i
SMALL quick loans on your personal
note to salaried men and women, at-,
so on furniture. Cox Lona Co. Roori
2. Lyric Theatre building. li
PETEY DINK Frozen Nothing, He's Strangling.
rv j"
n-;.kiv ,:t.,
a r ; Ti
1
V--f.,-r--''7.
ATlAA
I' I I I I J 11.' if I 1
1
at the rate of 1 cent per word lor each
cents. Advertisements must reach 1 h
tor Insertion In the next morning paper
Furnished Rooms
FOR RENT 3 room furnished bunga-
low with sleeping porch. 1 Laun-
dry HilL V. J. Shearer. 653
r . .,
FOR RENT Sunny front room suita-
ble for one or two gentlemen.
H. D.
C Review.
647
rUK KENT z housekeeping or oaten-
ing rooms at
Gasson House,
35
School Hill.
651
'
FOR RENT Two furnished house-
j keeping rooms, no children. 69 Ma-
mu
FOR
RENT Two newly furnish ad
hnnsekeeninr rooms, fin children.
Butler House. 234A School HilL 627
...RPT , Furnlshed "T8
lot
56
j Upper Lowell, across from depot.
610
FOR RENT 3. rooms furnished for
housekeeping. 102 Higgins HilL 618
for RENT Honsekeeninr rooms
light and water. 41B O. K. St. 624
FOR rent Two nice warm
also place for 2S
ranvon.-
'
Tombs toe e
625
FOR RENT L Two
rooms 49 O K St
housekeeping
626
FOR RENT
Housekeeping rooms
rear South Bisbee store,
j28
FOR RENT Three housekeeping
will. iuuj iuiuisucu. mioiuj-
stone Canyon. Metz car stop, no chil-
dren.
6v3
FOR RENT Housekeeping rooms, 1 4
Tate Hill, Johnson Addition.
pos-;FOR RENT Large newly
furnished
front room piano, sunshine, well
beds. Can be arranged for house-
- keening, over Indeoendent Fu.-l
store.
5:8
FOR RENT Furnished front rocm
Jl? 4"! Oiialitv Hill nr Phnno f t
, . j - ---- ....
! 5f
MOOSE HOTEL Furnished rooms
$2.00 per week and up.
377
Wanted
i
WANTED Board and room in private
family by young man. Phone 1S2.
WANTED 2 room
656
house furnished
for housekeeping, by first of month,
convenient to Junction mine. No
children. Address G. L, Review.
652
WANTED To rent furnished houfj
or furnished housekeeping rooms,
walkine distance Convent. J. B. M
.Erifir. ... -
WANTED Sour or five room house
partly furnished with bath, close ia.
State terms, location. Address A.
L. R-. care Review. 6C7
V.'A NT ED To buy a 4 room hour
close in. State terms. Address .
O. Box 2419 Eisbee. 57?
WANTED Prorn one to five hundred
shares of March&nt Calculating Mi
chine stock, must be cheap. IL J.
Fee. Phoenix, Ariz., Gen'l Del. 471
WANTED Will pay $1.50 for dotltl-
e!2ed hardwood
barrels at o -.
markets in Brewery Gulch and n
Lowell, or at slaughter house in D' "
Lu:s. Barrels must be in good cc-v;
dition. Tovreas. 4:.,;
WAN'TKD A partner to conduct a ir
tafl mi'k depot, must have sor 1
menpy. Ac dress R. G care Re vie . '
4CJ
Positions Wanted
COLORED WOMAN WISHES WORK
as chambermaid or other work. M.
K., Review. 646
.. , . : TT , I
ANTFD Place at once either in ;
1 ooaruing nouse or cnamDermaK',
colored lady. Mrs. E. M. Lewis,
view.
603
THOFE DESIRING senices of sped !j
nurse in the borne call at 49 Nar:
Krart or address Mrs. Hmkle. w
621.
52:
Found
FOUNT) Tire rim Goodyear casing
34t4. Call J. J. Brown 69 Maso 1
Hill. 61S
FOL'XD Miner's coupon ticket bool , '
Warren-Bisbee Railway. Owner may ,
call at Review and receive same b- t
paying for ad. 65T ;
"iix ."-T
..-T!.i--
; r.
y I' . HAD "OME REAu V v . I .
, v 11 1 -- a - - ij 11 in rw 1 11
- ' 11 1 v y . .-1-.' l- 1 u r l j s - 1 S ' 1 fTtt
, ' . .n nrrv
ISHE.JESf.Sl.
I nt OAmt riiuutaa
When tre people of Arizona absorb
the $3.P00.0iu wrrth o." war-savli.-s
iamr ei.o:tea tnem by the govtrj
ment. tbey will be mJde richer oy '
hsjuiu. This is the amount cf in
terest that will be due January 1. 19 5.
the di-te of maturity
The war-saving stamps sell for 14.12
path this month. Every nioffth th-y
will ecst one cent more so that In L'e-
cemoer tne pnoe will be $4.23. Figur-
ine the Jnlv nri. .t ijk .k .. ..
aee. Arizona nrnl. -;n t rn(; ,. ...
for its t.t fton ... V
f. ,1" ' a U
Tbove named
The total issue of
warsain m
stamps provided for bv the eove-a-!
ment is f2.M0.M0.0O The Intent
rate ,s fur per
cent, compound -d
'
quarterly.
In
offerin; war savin.es stama- i
"bcty bonds- to the people the gjv-'i
crsroent has. of courj?. as a nrit io !
consideration the raising of 2.0wi.00- !
wo need for the prosecution oft:eand stomach. The trouble got a firm
ar. Beyond this, however, accord! grip on me because for a long time I
to State D:recto.- of War Savings il. tried to make myself believe I didn't
R. Tritle. there is a purpose cf equal ! have catarrh, but at last I realized I
importance, that of dircouragUg j was in a bad fix. My nose and throat
wasteful spending. . were feverish and the mucus collect
ii mr peupie ot me t ::uol Stat -s 1
continue to spend their
money wi h '
me same rreejom they hive In t";;e
past and continue to Jeinand the
luxuries to whifti they ha r ben cc
customed in time of peace. thre will
not enouqh of either labor or ira-
tenais avanaoie to t?.ke care of t:-e
Government's war needs." nan Hir
Tritle.
uy loregcinc luxuries, or nostnov
ing their pleasures, as National D'r-!
ector Frank- A. Vindnlln k mrr
. f . v (1 V
sed it, the pecple will be able to sur-
"us p tr 01 a poruoii oi tin ir
'"inr. iris same money ;ve.-t':i n
war-savings stamps will mak-? of tLe
people both savers aad servers."
The stamps are beine offered in a
constantly increasing number of
nlaces One million np.nr-i iro '
be established througnout the L'nifd
... - SL , . .
flairs wnain me next iu aays.
zona will have 5000 bank, stores ai d
'." pTO'"e raay u Do n
Uncle Sam's new securities.
MINE OPERATORS HOPEFUL.
(Bv Review leased Wire!
NOGALES. Jan. 24. Operatois he e
today expressed confidence th:t Am"r-ican-owned
mines in Sonora. Mexico,
would be re-opened soon under coni-
tions to te fixed at a crnrerence '.i
nrogrcss at Nogales. Sonra. between
General P. Ellas Calles. military corv
progtess at Nogales. Sonora. betveca
" """si-", reiiinw.un:
the principal operators in Cananf s. in praise. bv c A. Walker, in Bow e
Mocrezuma. Fl Tigre anl NavozarL . hy Bowje stom Safl simoa t
Two tieestlons to ti-d4ew?etf are tfi, n rooke. in Wilcox bv A. A. Nichol-
demand for payment for Mexicaa
labor in srecie and the importation of
mine supplies.
Miscellaneous
OLD CLOTHES.
739.
BOUGHT.
Phore
442
FOR RENT Large housekeeping
room.
FOR SALE Three 3-4 beds complete,
cheap.
JJO.VT BOTHER WITH COAL OR
wood. See the oil and gas burner
demonstrated, fits any stove or
range. No. 142 uacK ta raso iiouse
Brewery Ave. 6".0
For Rent
FOR RENT 4 room furnished house.
Apply 207 Highroad. 6:9
FOR RENT 4 room furnished hous"..
Warren. Hogan & Seed. 5 J
FOR RENT or lease, storage room on
O. K. s'reet. apply Buxton-S'uith C).
Brewerv Gulrh. 512
Professional Cards
itd t
CLARA LONGAKE:
MORLEY. teacher of piano, student j
of the Northwestern Conservatory .
of Music.
Green 702.
105 Mason Hill.
Pnor.e
5
'mimmp t nr k-vvs St Reci hi
tel. Lowell. Ariz. Phone 62. Clair
voyant and crystal reader. Ter. I
ranee spirit medium born w:tv a
double veil, without asking questions
gives -o'j rlites, farts and figu'-e.
and will read yo;-r entire life. ' 527
REVIEW
BRING
WANT ADS
RESULTS.
n 1 1
! II I I N.
r- 1 1 , .V..: . .J .LLULr V
!: ,-rx--
i tnutu anu one ha$
GAINED 15 POUNDS
"My Friends Say I'm Looking
Years Younger," She Says
Tanlac Brings Relief.
-When 1 begun taking Tanlac I had
i been down in bea ror tnree months
and just think of it. I m feeling a
8
strong and healthy as I ever felt ii
n
my life," said Mrs. Mollie J. Lord, wh
! ' the S er His
ho
h
0 r- V. i"w il nonvAf CnicmAf in om in. ....
I .i 'xt i ...j i j .
T V .1"
1 PenIer Jor tvMZ Uve yfa'
Dearer High School building for
(rantv.tm-A ro-i r- nil trisv rA Kiirhlw
n
-years ago," continued Mrs. Lord,
vj .....k i. .
which I contracted ctarrh of the head
lng in my throat would nauseate and
almost choke me. My stomach got in
such a bad condition I couldn't even
eat potatoes or toast. In fact, every
thing would sour almost as soon as I
had eaten it and the gas caused such
a burning and fluttering around 'my
heart that I was afraid I had heart
trouble. Sleep seemed impossible for
me. I would toss and roll in bed and
have to jump np every little while so
' "ould get my breath. My kidneys
worried me constantly and my back
hurt me so bad at tunes it felt like it
would break in two.
I doctored and -took everything I
heard of but kept getfing worse until
I just had to give up. and go to bed. I
never got any better until I began tak
ing Tanlac and it certainly has been a
Godsend to me. I can tell from the
way my clothes fit that I have gained
all of fifteen pounds and I have not
only gotten entire relief from the cat
arrh in both my head and stomach,
but my kidneys are also in perfect con
dition and I don't have any more pain
in my back. I go to sleep as soon as
I get in bed and sleep soundly all night
long. My stomach never troubles me
now and. oh. it's such a pleasure t be
able to eat what I .want without uf
feting afterwards. And since the gas
has stopped forming all the burning
sensation and palpitation of the heart
is gone. My friends say I'm looking
i years younger and I can certainly en
dorse Tanlac in the highest terms, and
expect to alwavs have it on hand in
. o,onM need It"
T;,n!ac is sc'f! IV Rie by J. 7
,a j,g!as by Oouclas Dn:g C"
-r,. n Lowell hy Lowell Crug Co.. in
Benson by C. F. M?ss Phcy- and fn
Gleeson by B. A. Taylor. Adv.
1 0 GEHT "CASCARETS"
BEST LAXATIVE FOR
LIVER AND BOWELS
Don't stay constipated, head
achy, bilious, with breath
bad or stomach sour.
No odds how" bad your liver, stomach
or bowels: how much your head aches,
how miserable and uncomfortable you
are from a cold, constipation, indiges
t.'jn. biliousness and sluggish bowels
you always get relief with Cascarets.
Don't let your stomach, liver and
bowels make you miserable. Take
Cascarets tonight; pa, an end to the
J headache, biliousnejis. dizzines", rierv
' ousaess, sick. sour, jassy stomach, bad
J cold, offensive breath and all other dis
; tress: cleanse your Inside organs of all
the bile, gases and constipated mtt-
ter which is producing the misery.
A 10-cent box means health, happi
ness and a clear head for months. All
druggis-.s sell Cascaets. Don't for
get the children their little insides
need a gentle cleansing, too.
MOTHER'S FRIEHD
FOR
Expectant Hofhers
APPLIED SXTEIJf ALLY
-v4uv rrrit-f
BOLSHEVIKl DECLARE
AUSTRIA IS DECIEVED
! LONDON". Jan. 24. The Russian
government. a.4orJ:ng to a wirel.-sa;
messnge. has authorized two conj-j
munications addressed "to ali." the
'object of which is to intimate to the i
I world that by the declaration of the!
Oerman fcreiun sec.cary. nr. von
Kuehlwar.n. that the central powers
canni t remove their armios from the
occupied regions until the conclusion
, of a general peace, the peoples of
C.eim.'.ny and Autrii H-ngary are be
:"ng deceived.
ANOTHER WOMAN IS
FOUND NOT GUILTY
SAN ANTONIO. Tex.. Jan. 24.
The jury in the case of Emma K-J'S-Ukeis.er.
charged with the murder of
Otto Koehler. wealthy brewer in 19 4.
returned a verdict of not guilty to
dav. Legal Notices.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior
. r. S. LAN'D OFFICE at Phoenix. A
.zona. January 12. 191.
NOTICE is hereby giTen that Geor e
W. Keahey. cf Birbee. Arizona, wl i.
"n July 7. 1916. made Homestead I u
ryi N'j. 0303C7. for Township 2"
Range 23E. G- S. R. R. Merldia i.
has filed notice of intention to ma' e
; three year Proof, to establish cla!:n
to the land above described, befc-e
Jared D. Taylor. U. S. Commission r.
at Bisbee. Arizcna, on e 2Cth day of
February. 191S.
i Claimant names as witnesses: E;
'ward E. Thomns. of Bisfcee. Ariion:
Cher'es N". Thon as. of Bisbee. Arirv
!na; August F. Boroego. of Lowe'l. A- i
.'zona; Keller Hogan. of Hisbee, Arteo
na.
JOHN' L. IRV1N. Register.
First Publication January 19. 191S.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior
;U. S. LAND OFFICE at Phoenix. A -
' zona. January 12. 191S.
j NOTICE Is hereby given that Ch-'r
' V. Boardman. of Girces. Arizona, wr ,
on October 24. 1912, made Homester '
: Entry No. 019650 for EViSW!,. W'i
SE and on May 19. 1914. made ad :
tiona! Homestead Entry. No. .0251?.
for EViNW1, and V.jXE. Secti 1
29 Township 23S. Range 21 S. G. & :-.
; R. B & Meridian, has filed notice 1
intention to make three year Proof, t
establish claim to the land above (
scribed, before W. A. Fowler, U. t".
ComT.i eloper, nt Tombstotie. Arizci: .
cn tho 9'h day of February. 1913.
Clnirrant n.nr.es as w'trieses; no- 1
W. Spercr.. George J. McCabe. Milt -.i
Clr.rk. a!! three of Hereford. Arizon"
Horace W. Clarkson. of Garces. A:'.-
: zona.
,-- '-'-JOHN Ii"Tfm.' Register.'
,nrst Publication January 19. 1918.
! NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
i
j Department of the Interior. U. c
I . Land Office at Phoenix. ATizonj
i December 29. 1917.
Notice is hereby given that Charl:-
: X. Thomas of Bisbee. Arizona, who 1 u
! August 8. 1917. made Hcmestead E'i
try No. 28! 45 for N. 1-2. NE. 1-4. Se
21. W. 12 NW. 1-4. SE. 1-4 NW. 1
; NE. 1-4. SW. 1-4. NW. 1-4 SE. 1-4. S -j
tion 22. Township 22 S.. Range 23 J .
j G. & S. R. B. and Meridian, has fiU I
notice of intention to make three yer
j proof to establish claim to the la. !
1 above described, before Jared D. Ts.
jlor. U. S. Commissioner, at Bi.sbr. r
' Arizona, on the 4th day of Februai
1918.
I Claimant names as witnesses:
' William F. Munch, Edward 1".
; Thomas George W. Keahey. Geor;. :
F. Cobbe, all of Bisbee. Arizona,
j JOHN L. IRV'V,
1 Register,
j First publication. Jan. 3. 1918. 1C7
I Last publication Feb. 4, 191S.
! -NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior I
I U. S. LAND OFFICE at PUoeni... 1
: Arizona. Dec. 19. 1917. !
' NOTICE is hereby given that Calc'i
, A. N'ewmsn. of Hereford, Arizona, wl.j,
.on Feb. 11. 1911. made Homestead E.Al
i try Na. 013C06 for SEk, Sec. 33, rtil
S- R. 2 E.; and on Sept. 2. 1915 ma' 'J
! .li:.n.. t H.n....J T . . . .
I .luu.iiuiiii HuiiuMrnu r.mi, .x ' ;
v-.-u, ior tt-'swu. tecncii 1 .)
! Township 22S.. Range 20E.. J. S. I . j
B. & Meridian, las filed notice n' ir.-;
.tention to make five-year Proof, to e . ;
i Ublish claim to the land above d
I scribed, before Jared D. Tavior. IT.
I Commissioner, at Bisbee. Arizona. 11
the 12th day of February, 1918.
Claimant names as witnesses: Rr
A. Newman. James W. Haverty, Je '.
v
V- . - - --
Lodge
BISBEE LODGE. NO. 718.
lull .vnnr ITyiiiaa aloOKfl HaJL
j.UilUig brothers eoroirUj invited.
V. K. TONKIN. l;lcUtor.
KAY KOSS, SecrvlAry.
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OR AMERICA
OREADN OUGHT.
u a l no. 21a
invited
tend.
GEO. SLEEMAN. W. j.
ROBERT FERGUS. Secretarv
P. O. Box 426. Bisbee.
WEEK ENDING JAN.
26, 191S.
Monday
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday
W. W. G1PLEY. W. M.
B. T. WATKINS. Secy. F.
A. M.
J. W. TO LAND. F. H. P.
C. F. PHILBROOK. T. L M.
F. E. BENNETT. E. C.
F. S. DAY EXPORT. Secretary Cha
ter and Comaiandery.
W. R. BANKS. Secretary CounciL
t. r. a.
FRATERNAL
BROTHERHOOD
Bisbee Lodge No
452 mt-ets the 1st
and 3rd Monday
of each month at
7:30 at Medlgo
vlch HalL Visit
ig member coralally tnvited.
HIL, DAVIS, lrealdent
MHS. a E. FINOTTL Treasnrw
Box 722. Tel. I3S. Red.
(CATHERINE SALHOLM. Secretar
PYTHIAN SISTERS
Lily Temple No. 3 meets every 2nd
and 4th Thursday evening ot each
month at Odd Fellows Hall. Visiting
sisters are cordially invited.
MINNIE BLUM, M. E. C,
; Phone Bloc 851.
IDA GLAZE. M. ot R. C.
Phone Black 420
WARREN MINING DISTRICT
CHAPTER AMERICAN RED CROSS
Executive committee meets second
and fouith Wednesdays of each month
at Y. M. C. A. All members urged to
meet and confer with committee after
each regular meeting.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior.
r. S. LAND OFFICE at Phoenix.
Arizona, Dec. 13. 1917.
NOTICE is hereby given that, as j
Qirected by tbe Commissner of the
General Land office, under provisions
of Sec 2455. R. S.. pursuant to the ap
plication of Ella C. Findiay. Serial Na
029777, we will offer at public sale,
to the highest bidder, but at not less
than $2.50 per acre, at 10:00 o'clock
A. M.. on the 29th dav of Januarv.
191S. next, at this office, the following I
tract of land: NE 1-4 SE Sec. 17. T.
23 srtv, R. 21 E, G and S. R. M.
This tract is ordered Into the market
on a showing that the greater portion
is mountainous or too rough for cultiv
ation. The sal mill not be kept open, but
will be declared closed when those
present at the hour named have ceas-
ed bidding. The person maxing tne
highest bid will be reoulred ro im-
mediately pay to the Receiver the
amount thereoL
Any persons claiming adverselr the
above-described land are advised t
file their claims, or objections, on or
k . .. .. . . . -
eeiore tne lime aesignateu lr sale.
JOHN L. 1RVIN. Register.
JOHN J. BIRDNO. Receiver.
Adv. 936
First Publication. Dec. 20, 1917.
Last Publication. January 29. 1518.
P. Steele. John F. Ashworth. all vl
Garces. Arizona.
J. L. 1RVIN. Register.
First "publication January 12, 1918.
V:
Vler
.7 r.
1
1 fc
4 !:v-.k KV.- .
! '. !.i- - --vv-
1
Meets to L U
ftLL U. F. Hall flirt
JVIH nl third K E WARNER. Fi.lr.l o,..
I J5$F MONDAY ' A. KELLY. Secretary.
I rf73(iILA at 7:50 p. m.
v"rS2rTX Visiting torotn FRATERNAL ORDER EAGLE
i i Tv 1 1 era coraia:iv i--nr ieni' o. ii w
Notices
IJUMOR OriDfcR UNITED AMERI
CAN MECHANICS.
Meets a Medlguvich
1L second and fourth
Tuesdays each month.
lsltlng brothra wi-
mna
S. F. BENTON. Councillor.
J. L. BENTON, Recording SecreUry.
LODGE NO. in.
Regular meeting first and third FrV
day of each month. Visiting brothers
corauuy mvuea to attend.
S.
urn ana tiilrd MONDAYS. . p. m.
Eagles HJU. Viaitcra cordially w
com.
J. F. WILMOTH. President
F. C. FENDERSOX. Secretary.
C L. EDMONSON. Aerie I bj.ician.
KNIGHTS AND LADIES OF SECUR
ITY. BISBEE COUNCIL SO, 2115
Meets every Second and Fourth Sat
urdays ia the mtinth at L O. O P.
JhaU. 7:30 p. m. VUlting memhen ax
curui&iiy invited.
ARNOLD SCHMUX PKsldent. P. C
Box 34S3. Lowell. Aria.
FREDERICK J. ATTAWAY.
Fecretary. UbweU,
E. UXDQUIST.
Financial SecreUry. P. O. Box 324$,
LowtO.
BISBEE LODGE. No. 10, I. a O. F.
Meets every
trrnvrsni v
( JJrr3f; evening at Odd
Fei:iw it. II
M.n atreet at 7:00 p. m. VlsiCng
brothers cordially invited V attend.
Hall pbone lis.
H. R. TAYLOR. N. G.
CARL V. NELSON. Secretary.
IMPROVED ORDER RED MEN.
Meets drat anU tn'rd
Thursdays at 7:0 p no.
In Mediovich HkU. All
Ti.ir.r Md jn ntte
to attend.
Sai .VALL .Sachem. 1
W. D. COHhN, Medicine Man
F. C KEN'DERSOX. C. of R.
MODERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA
Bisbe Camr NV 1341.
ts.J1 'Meets tirst l'uesflay at
w-f - CA A t-ll t .11
rritu. nii.
R. L MOTZ. Ccnsil.
H. K MATHEWSO.V.
Clerk.
ORDER CF EASTERN STAR.
meets in Masonic Ha!
Peal Chapter. No. 6, meet
In Ma some Hall second and
fourth Tuesday of eac
month at 7:30 o. m
MRS. EMMA WOODS. W. M.
Phone 161. Box 43. Bisbee.
MRS. JESSIE BEVAN. Sec'y. P. O.
Box 22!9. Chairman, Relief Com .
Phone 161.
WOODMEN OF THE WOLD.
5 LoweU Camp No. 46 will
. at 7:30. Bropr HalL
i. H. C. LANDAU. C- C.
O. a THOMAS. Clerk.
AU Wood
Woodmen Invited.
BROTHERHOOD OF AMERiCN
YEOMAN
Richard L Homestead S95, meeta
aecou.l and fourth Tuesday at Odd
Fellows halL Visiting Archers are
cordially Invited.
MRS. C C. FINLAYSON. Foreman
P. O. Box 1526.
E. D. STIXSOX. Correspondent
Box 1496.
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS
Rathbone Lodge Xo. in,
W vl Knichta of PytMaa
meets each Thursday
tcxrepi secona) la Odd
Fellows' Hall at 7:30
p. m. Visiting brothers
cordially Invited.
LEON II. RICE. C. C.
EARL SOBLEY. K. of R. S.
By C A. VCIGIIT
Doctor. -
:5 . it
" '
mmz
x ft
. 1 ii 1 THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, FRIDAY MORNING, JANUARY 23, 1S18.
EIGHT
Greater Stars
F .
B SJ A B rW
STARTING AT 1 P.M.
CONTINUOUS TO 11 P. M-
Kb
Greater EE?
count of the absence of two witness" ; jp
PjSaeni is charged with making an as- g
, sault on another Mexican.
TO NOGALES.
I J. J. Bowen of the Bisbee Auto Com-
i - . m V.lrtJ
pany, ten yesteraay 'r .iui,ir u 5
i. . . . : . 1 I h tlllt 111! T1U H V .
uuuit-s vuilliect-u . ... . ....... j...,. -
He will be pone for a day or so.
I CENTRAL
1
THE SCREEN'S MOST
REMARKABLE
PRODUCTION
GOLDWYN
PRESENTS
MA V MA
IAS MAM
IN
FIAI
full
Y
OFTHE-
3 .T4 I
;.5
1 1
' -1
4l
-.:.-,-- "J. '
Uiir:--:!' Man
:. ,11
h V
THE WORLD FAJ.IED
PLAY BY
MARGARET ? !AYO
i fh Circus"
"-. Gotdwyn
-ft.
I You All Will
Remember Her
as the Little
Girl in
"The Birth of
a Nation"
SHE JUMPED OVER A
CLIFF TO ESCAPE THE
NEGRO; AND IN
"Intolerance"
SHE IS THE GIRL OF
THE MODERN
EPISODE.
' VISITING DISTRICT.
I Cicero Martin and wif of Hereford
'are spending a few days in the district
as the Ruests of Deputy Sheriff Will
iam itraKefit-ld and wife cf i-o-!l.
Jewel Production Extraordinary
E1
HI
'VISITING parents.
Mrs. W. H. Harden of Thoenix Is
spending a few weeks in this iistrict
on a visit to her parvnts. Mr. and Mrs
John Rainey of Masou Addition near
Bakerville.
A 1 J
LOIS WTEER'S POWERFUL PLAY in 7 Acts
1 95
RETURNED TO PHOENIX.
i M. P. Duffy, who came here from
' Phoenix a short time ago to work in
the office of the E. P. & S. . has re
signed his position here and returned
to the Capitol City.
TAKEN TO HOSPITAL.
i Oeorira Eoff was taken to the Cop-
I . . II.. U'AjInaciliv AVun. ' .
i ing from the Ciar shaft suffering from
J a fractured ankle, which was caused
; by a large boulder falling on it.
!TO ROAD CAMP. ,
Two Mexicans were taken out to the
road camp yesterday by Constable Joe
Hodges to serve a term of ISO days
for disturbing the peace. They were
convicted before Judge Winters at
Lowell.
JL
o
N
I
G
H
T
H
Commencing
at 6:1
LCIS
WEBER'S
Latest
FilmTriumph
The $rmpon of
Nw York-ihe
drama rxiraor'
denary in seven
maiterful reels.
, f v r-- V "
' J.'W.
VHP
- - ;
. :, v t-- -
.'
"EVEN AS YOU AND !"
T
Commencing
at 6:15
DO NT MISS THIS, OF ALL TREATS
NIGHT: Adults 25c, Children 15c
ADMISSION: MATINEE 15 COITS.
Mary Pkkford
COMING SATURDAY
in "Rebecca of
IN FROM RANCH.
I Tom "hitehead was in the city yes
! terday from his ranch in the Swiss
helms. He reports that 'section of the !
country as being quite prosperous and ;
that the recent storm did not material- i
ly affect the condition of the cattle in j
that locality.
Direct from the Rialto, New York's finest photoplay theatre, one of the most sensational
photo .dramas of the day.
ADMISSION: Children 15c; Adults 25c THIS INCLUDES WAR TAX
MUSIC BY ORCHESTRA.
i
i SLIGHT RAIN. j Tomas Constable to a check for the Judge Lockwood expects to return
; A slight rain fell in' the Sulphur same amount and secured the monoy from Yuma on Saturday morning in
' Spring Valley between this city and ' on it. A warrant for his arrest on this time to dispose of the civil business
.Douglas last evening and from the: charge is now in the hands of the that he has set on that date. Mr.
cloudy condition there is a possibility ' sheriffs office but will not be served James will be a candidate for re-elec-
' that there will be a general rainfall j for the present. tion as clerk of the court next fall.
; within the next day or so.
j MEXICAN DIES. INQUEST HELD.
iTO SEE DOCTOR. I A Mexican named M. Pelvada died The inquest over the killing of Sid-
! Mrs. Charles Allpn. of Tombstone, i last evening about six o'clock in his ney Drakenfeld and Modesto Uo.lisfa
55t irmvfavrnfc Farm" !
J ! n.-if nt th Homiie clprfc nf the Snntfri. : room on the hill near the Oueen Laun- bv the premature blast on Sacramento
or Court, was in the city yesterday to ,' dry. He had been sick for three days Hill about two weeks ago, was held
rsxs
i vS
T
Starting at 0:15'
EA i E!
:
i r
"IkT rl I
. -r '-'. 7..'
consult Dr. Carpenter, the specialist, j and had no melical attention. The yesterday afternoon before wU.lse Win
i about her young son. He is suffering l u ord tr br ;:1! rowu th.st he i ad tert at Iowell. A number of witness-
been killed and officers and the coro- es were examined among wnom wer
ners jury and Judge Hii;h went up to several who were injured at that Univ.
B i from nose and throat trouble.
'A
The
LYRIC
Beautiful
Balocny
Lower Floor
Reserved Seats
5c
C0c
NOTHER BOY.
1 Mrs. William Kirkbride has present-
. i i i uusuauu . it u m uuuy wy .
Mother and son are both doing nicely :
at the Copper Queen hospital. Mr. I
irkbride is a miner in t!ie employ of'
! the Copper Queen Company. i
make an investigation. The body was
taken to the 'undertaking parlors of
Robert Hennei-y and the coroners ju
ry will meet t.s afternoon at 4:30 to
determine the cause of death.
ESSANAV PRESENTS
Craig win Sydney Ainsvworth,
Maupam and Richard C.
in
ARE INVITED.
.11 . k. . - . : - v n'.M. T." ..
' WAS REJECTED. I trict and especially those who wish to
1 J. C. Jarboe, who went to El Paso ! enjoy a good rabbit hunt are invited
j to enlist In the U. S. navy, was reject-! to attend the rabbit drive that is to be
i ed by the medical examiners there on
"The Trufflers"
i
: three other young men who went from
here with him were all accepted.
.
i
Vo definite rejion en ;i 1,1 be found for Neil
the explosion although several theo- Ernest
rie were given. The corouers jury Traver,
brought in a verdict that they came
to their deaths from injuries received
by the explosion, the cause of which
was to them unknown and it did not
hold anvone responsible therAor. Taken from famous Storiea by
' Samuel Mervin in The Cosmopoli-
SERIOUSLY ILL. ! tan Magaiine
A letter was received here yes'er- '
day from Mrs. Oscar Wager at Camp -THE TRUFFLERS
Meade stating that her husband was. Did you read "The Tru(r!ers, in
ririi3iv ill in th ti.tsnltnl trir suf-- the Cosmopolitan Maoaxiiie that
held t McXeal on Sunday next. All
account of having bad teeth. The : those who wish to take part in- the
Iplva nro MnnMtail tn Iw At 1 V O'l 1
at ten o'clock as the drive will start fering from an attack of Spinal menin- charming story by Samuel MerwinT
r that tim nrt h Ttmmntprs wish eitis. and that she was not allowed to This famous autnor nas reveaiea an
MARRIED IN DOUGLAS. to organixe the hunters into squads to go in and see nun. Oscar lett here in
Henrv J. Attawav of Lowell and i cxver certain sections of the drive. A November with three other Btsbee
Miss Lydia X. Williams of Disbee were good time is promised all who attend citiiens.to join the 23rd engineers and
married In Douglas Tuesday afternoon j r.d r fntv of ubLi;s wi-.e'i er you kill was sent from Xaco to Camp Meade,
at the home of Rev. W. C. Brewer, ' them or not. He wrote a letter to the Review a few
who officiated. The bridegroom is a ! 1 weeks ago describing the comli'.ions
, blacksmith at Lowell and they
: make their home at that place.
'1;FR0M DOUGLAS.
Assistant County
Attorney Bruce
Stenhenson was in the citv vesterdav
; HAVE ADJOURNED. on business connected with his posi-
' The District Board at Tucson after; tion. He will remain over until today
examining the questionnaires of some in order to attend the preliminary ex
750 applicants for exemption have ad- amination of Angelo Beyes which will
jouraed until February 1st. Arthur be had at ten o'clock in Judge High s
! Notman, who was the Cochise member , court, iie states that Prohibition Per
of the board is expected home today. 1 cy Wednesday night caught Ben Hall
He has been ill there for a few days, j comjng in with 3tt cases of whiskey on
; the road near Silver Creek. Two or
; FUNERAL TODAY. . three others were also caught by Bow-
! The funeral services over the re-! den an,j Patterson but Stephenson did
mains or the late John Kiiey will be not iearn their names. Perct now has
there and it was shortly after writing
this letter that he was taken sick. Mrs.
Wager left here a few weeks ago on a
trip east to visit relatives and to see
him before he sailed to France which
he expected to do the latter part of
the present month. He was a resi-
dent oathis d'trict for over 17 years yhe
and has hosts of friends that hope that ;
he will fully recover from the effects .
of the malady. i
the trysteries. all. the charm and
fasciraifiia f life in the artists'
colony of Greenwich village in New
York City. It Is the story of a
beautiful girl who cast off all the
draperies of conventionality. You
wiil want to know just what be
comes of this girl, fighting to ex
press her own soul. Essanay's
rhotoplay shows this la a picture
that will iilr you to the depths.
"REEL LIFE"
Mutual Film Magazine in Mo
tion Pictures.
NCBSS LAN!
AND HER
held this afternoon at 1:30 from the
Palace Undertaking parlors. The fun
' era was postponed from yesterday.
1 The deceased died of heart trouble at
' the Copper Queen hospital on Tuesday
1 night.
some more stock in his warehouse.
DIED IN ENGLAND.
WANTED IN TEXAS.
Edward Lange was, arrested yester
day afternoon by Deputy Sheriff Will
iam Brakefield on a warrant sent from
Wharton. Texas, which charges the
crime of abandonment after seduction
and marriage. Lange has employed
Royal Hawaiian Singers
CHUT.CHES ML' ST CLOSE.
MHer Luckless Scheme
Comedy.
(Itv Rpview Ia.eil Wirei
WASiil.W. TUN. J.n. 24 Two
thirds of Washington's churches were
ordered by ti.e leal fffl administra
te r to c'.ose for the next three eei;s
to conserve fuel. Kopi5enuiis 01
(Ka V.,1rt,j rn tcull lftr the OP- I
dor was issued, cave assurances that Taint Co. Phone 45 or 750. AJv. 2S0
Wee!;-
I
MATERNITY HOME
Call Black 573 for terms, etc
Advertisement 974
See our new wall papers. Guarantee
Advices have been received here of
the death of Violet Hope in Cumber-an attorney and will refuse to go back
lana. tngiana. &ne was tne daughter 1 10 that state without extradition. A
ot Robert Hope, and lived here for; complaint was also filed hero against
vme i"-e. her no her died ia this i hira as a fugitive from justice.1
city aoout two years ago ana arter tne The hearing on this complaint ill be
mother's death her father and she : k.i,) th Utter nart of next week be
thev would cheerfully cvmp.y.
day eriw as iil is Sur.Jay are
affected.
Expert pap r hanger ana painter. C.
J. Brandt. Fiona 456. Box 150. SS0
I ' .or t KanV t r Wicrlanft irk mabA thtl.
' home.
fore Judge Winters.
IN A HIGH CLASS CONCERT
VIOLIN
MANDOLIN
UKELELE
STEEL GUITAR
SOLOS
ALSO, TRIANGLE PRESENTS
DOUGLAS
FAIRBANKS
WILL BE OVER.
Harry Evans and wife. Misses Mable
Hill, Frances Staniger and Olive
Smith, of the Tombstone Telephone
office will be in the city this evening
to attend the get-together meeting of
ON SHORT VISIT.
J. E. James, the efficient clerk of
the Superior Court at Tombstone, was
in the city yesterday on a short visit,
having driven over in his car. He
states that there are qllite a number
of cases to be tried at the coming term
jtne employees or the Mountain btates , of the criminal court and that it will
; Telephone Company m the county, ' take nearly two months to try them.
J that will be held at the Y. W. C. A. . lf lhey aU g0 to trjai. ne states that
. Operators and officials from Douglas I
i and other parts of the county are ex-
pected.
Business Locals
Cigars and tobacco all night can be
hsd at English Kitchen.
Adv-
Dr. Pliiyfair. Osteopath. 9S Masou
II:'l . I . . . . I V. . . n .. 1)1.,., 1"
IIUI. .uasuu I.U UVIITT Hue "
231 i
COAL AND WOOD
American block Gallup coal (sacked
$17 per ton cash: f IS for 15 days time,
in ton lots. Independent Fuel and
Kted Co. Phone :3o. Adv. 62
I Best brands of cigars and tobacco
enn be had after 1 a. in. at English
Kitchen. A It 5H7
AJ.
L L. Gilman selis toe New Edison.
ihe phonograph wi:h a soul."
COAL! COAL! COAL!
Dawson coal (sacked $16 per ton
cash. Gallup coal (sacked il? per
ton cash. Delivered. Brophy Car
ri:ii;e Co.. Phone 284. Adv. 557
IN
"His Picture in the Papers"
Goes the Limit to Get His "Picture in the Papers Exciting Chase After Publicity.
ADMISSION 25 AND 35 CENTS
INCLUDING WAR TAX
THROUGH TO DOUGLAS.
J Deputy Sheriff Harry Kafferty was
; in the city yesterday on his way to
' Douglas having In custody one E. Mc
: Daniels, who is charged with grand
larceny or in this particular instance.
horse stealing. He was taken to Doug
i las for the purpose of having a pre
; liminary examination. He Is charged
with having stolen two horses near
Douglas and sold them to two deputy
sheriffs of Piina coirnty who met him
on the road with the horses.
SERVICE
FLAGS
Honor the representative from
your family or business who is in
the eervii-e of our country by dis
playing a service flag.
Call and see our display
JOE DICKSTEIN
Men's Furnisher and Clothiers
MAIN STREET
(Next to Bitbee Review)
ROCKHILL'S STAGE
Bisbee-Toinhstone. I.eaves Bisb-
Bisbee Auto Co.. 7 a. m.. 1:30 p, m. 7
Phone Bisbee 5. Adv.
I
Phone 43 or 7r0 for prices on paint
in; and paper hanging. New goods
now here. Guarantee Paint Co.
Adv. :so
City Briefs
Has anyone visited you? Or
have you entertained If so. call
the Rev iew after 6 p. m. and tell
the Sodety Editor, Thone 39.
rial duties.
Stewart Hunt, and H. G. Applin. Mrs. side the draft age. Mead Powell, of
Wm. Grant sang. The banquet com- the C. & A., or Thomas Egan. at the
mittee consisted of W. E. McCallum Commercial Club, will be glad to give
and W. Watterson. ; anyone Interested the details of the
service.
ON SCHOOL BUSINESS. I
Miss Elsie Toles. county school sup-! WAS IN CITY.
erintendent. was in the city yesterday
on business connected with her offi-
cashier of the j
WAS CONVICTED.
t 1 rimntn.li.ni
... - M. V UUUlllJjUlllUi V .1 .' LI I V 1 VI I 11 ' j
Bank of Bisbee returned yesterday i
from Los Angeles where he went to
appear as a witness in the case of the
State of California vs II. B. Sanson,
alias Herndon McN'eal. who was
charged with forging the name of Mrs.
Allie Sowles to a check on the Bank
of Bisbee for the sum ot f2.'i. The
r
MOTOR MECHANICS WANTED.
Motor Mechanics, who will go to
France in a very short time, are want-
of P. Hall Thursday evening. After ed by the United i-tates army. They
dinner speeches were made by Wm. will first go to Fort Hancock. Georgia.
Delbridge, L Rice, Mrs. Blum, ilrs. Applicants for this service must be out postponed until this afternoon on ac-
PYTHIAN BANQUET.
Knights of Pythias and Pythian Sis
ters, thirty-five in all. banqueted in K.
Mrs. James Marrs was In the city
' k L V , J jury wa9 out about ten minutes and
on a short t sit to friends. She return- b ht of , TnJ
ed home late last evening. , pumsnTllent for forKery in that stat
is the same as in Arizona, from 1 to 14
WAS POSTPONED. j years. Sanson worked in the bank
The case of Demetro Saenx. which here for about six weeks last July and
was to have come up for trial in Judge ; August and while there made copies
High's court yesterday afternoon was , of signatures of the patrons of the ,
bank. Ho also forged the name of
DANCE
EAGLE HALL
EVERY
WEDNESDAY AND
SATURDAY
EVENING
8:30
(F. O. E. 175)
SHAWS ORCHESTRA
riidPen
101
I I a " IV
m
17
r
i f f tLl JLIICXllO
A w V
i