rate mlshtt
TWO sections!
Twelve Pages
.VOL. 21, NO. 111.
INDICATIONS ARE THAT FOURTH
LIBERTY LOAN
SUBSCRIBED BY ffl
Every District Claims to Have Gone Over While Official
Figures Show That Only Two Have Passed the Quota
Set by Government; Many Large Subscriptions by Big
Business Interests of New York District
(Tfy Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, Oct. 19 Oversub
scription of the Fourth Liberty loan
seemed assured tonight when the
three weeks' campaign closed. While
official reports were lacking, it ap
peared that again the American people
have given not only what was asked
but more. In order that the war
against Germany and her allies may
be carried to a successful conclusion.
Indications are that the number of
individual subscribers will far excesd
2o.000.00ft and break all records for
distribution of war bonds for either
this nation or any other.
How far the total will run above
the six billion dollar goal officials
would not attempt to estimate. It all
depends, they said, on whether bis
financial interests at the last moment
file - the biff lump sura subscriptions
expected of them, and whether the
number of smaller subscriptions by
Individuals is found to meet expecta
tions. New subscriptions entered during
the last day and those made effective
by payment of the 10 cent Installment,
probably will amount to a billion an3
a Ifalf dollars for the entire nation.
Before business opened this morning
$4.599,71!. 450 had been reported to
federal reserve banks.
For the next five days banks
throughout the United States will be
busy adding up subscriptions. Re
ports and payments then must be
made to federal reserve banks, which
are expected to take at least five days
more to report to the treasury.
The, honor roll of Buyers will In
clude many who have not participated
in the first, second or third loans. It
will number subjects of other govern
ments, neutral and belligerent,
thronehoutthe world. Gernans in
terned in this country, and others
whose sympathy is not with their na
tive land will be enrolled. A large
part of the six billion dollars will be
naid to the government account by
banks through whom subscriptions
were arranged by Individuals. The In
dividual subscribers then will take
ten months in which to repay the
banks. The transactVm represents
the most extensive scheme of popu
lar lending and borrowing the country
has ever seen.
According to official figures tonight,
only the St. Louis and Minneapolis
districts had exceeded their quotas,
Minneapolis having gone over today.
Unofficial reports credited several
other districts with passing the 100
per cent mark, but confirmation can
not be obtained for 6everal days.
The latest officials reports from
districts, including almost none of
today's business, were announced to
night as follows:
District Quota Subscription
Minneapolis.. 210.000.000 211.750,000
Boston 500.000.000 459,127.000
Richmond ... 280,000,000 215.084,000
New York... 1.800,000.000 1,375.331.000
Pallas 126.000,000- 96.200,000
Cleveland .. 600.000.000 439.675.100
Chicago S70.000.000 617.554.350
Kansas City. 260,000.000 183.944.850
Philadelphia. 500 000.000 349.731.650
San Francisco 402.000.000 279.985.350
Atlanta 192.000.000 104.364,600
St. Louis.... $ 260,000,000 $266,971,000
"The foregoing figures," said the
treasury statement, "represent actual
returns to the federal reserve banks
tin to the close of business Friday
nieht. except in the case of Atlanta
and San Francisco districts which are
un to the close of business Thursday
night. These returns will be greatly
Improved by the heavy subscriptions
of Saturday and while there is a
ptrone feeling of confidence among
Liberty loan executives throughout
the country and In Wasnfngton, final
reports from th banks must be
awaited before it can be shown
whether or not the desired goal has
been safely reached.
"The crippling of the forces of the
Liberty loan committees and of banV
in? institutions by influenza delayed
returns. In order that the Liberty
lean organizations and the banking
institutions of the country may be
pble to devote themselves to the enor
mous task of tabulating and record
ing the flood lifera'ly millions of
subscriptions which have come in
dtiri"? the last davs of the campalm.
It will not be possible to mk dsllv
nrnonncoThents of the tabulations.
The final report will be made as soon
H4 pnproTltnately accurate figures ar
avx'lahle"
Total fnibTlrMnp in the navv wer
et'rrated tonight hv Rpr AHmirM
Cowie to be over $33 onn.oon. TM j
more than the nsvv subscribed in 1I
three previous loans. Tn an effort to
obtain t verv tnrpt possible ovr
Piihscript'OTi A I'm 'to J Covie todav
coTit r wMr throughout th navy
"for all bands to stand by until eight
bel's tonight."
Most coupon bonds of the ' fourth
HAS BEEN OVER
I
loan are ready for delivery now and j
registered bonds will be available
soon. Holders of first and second
loan "bonds, which bear 3 '4 and 4
per cent interest, respectively, have
until November 9 to exchange them
at banks for bonds bearing 414 per
cent interest if they choose to do so.
Twenty per cent of any fourth loan
i.
subscription is due November 21. sec-,
ond installment of 20 per cent due !
December 19, 20 per cent January 16
and 30 per cent January 30.
About 16 billion dollars now have
been raised by the American people
in popular war loans since the United
States entered the war and all loans
have been over-subscribed. The first
loan was for $2,000,000,000 and there
was a billion dollars oversubscription,
but none of this over-subscription wag
accepted. The second loan was for
J3.0o0.000.000. subscriptions amount
ing to $4,617,000,000 and the govern
ment took only half the over-subscriptions,
making a total actually paid of
$3,808,000,000. The third loan was for
$3,000,000,000 and subscriptions
amounted to $4,176,000,000, all of
which was taken.
DENVER, Colo., Oct? 19. Today ;
saw seven more Colorado counties j
make their minimum quotas, leaving
but seven of the 63 counties in Colo
rado as yet not reported over the top.
Counties credited by official figures
with meeting their quotas today were:
Clear Creek, Dolores, El Paso, Hins
dale, Jackson, San Miguel and Teller.
State headquarters confidently ex
pected reports of quotas completed j
irom tne remaining seven Tomorrow,
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 19. - The
Twelfth Federal Reserve district,
with a quota of $432,000,000, has gone
over the top by a small margin, it
was announced here' tonight by George
W. Weeks, campaign manager. The
latest tabulation showed $322,066,450
on hand, or 80 per cent of the quota.
This total includes only subscrip
tions in banks at the close of business
Friday, but with supplementary ad
vices late today Weeks said the dis
trict had gone over Its quota. Alaska,
Hawaii, Oregon, Arizona, Nevada and
Idaho have over-subscribed, and Wash
ington reported tonight that, although i
lue money m oar.Ks is noi equal 10 ,
the quota, it is believed that the total
will go at least $2,000,000 over the
?5,SOO,000 quota.
NEW YORK. Oct. 19. In the face
of official figures showing a total
fourth Liberty loan sUDScription oT
only $1,375,331,050 by the New York
Federal Reserve district, members of
the Loberty Loan committee confi
dently declared tonight that when the
final figures were computed it would
be shown that the district had gone
"over the top" with its $1,800.00,000
quota.
PHILADELPHIA. Oct. 19. Gov. E.
Pusey Passmore, of the third federal
reserve district officially announced
tonight that a generous over subscript
tion of $500,000,000 Liberty loan allot-!
ment to this district is assured. Phil I
adelphia's honor flag showing the com-1
pletion of this city's $250,198,000 quota
was unfurled from the statue of Lib-
erty in front of the city hall shortly i
after 9 o'clock tonight amidst a scene J
of wildest enthusiasm. More than ,
$66,127,000 was required when the
workers opened today's canvass.
ATLANTA. Ga., Oct. 19. With a ta6
ulated total of $200,000,000. the Atlanta
federal reserve district was over sub- high command is able to control it,
scribed its quota of $"192,000,000 to the: is a movement in verse to that of the
Fourth liberty loan, according to of ! invasion of 1914, when German col
ficlal announcement late tonight The umns, pivoting on the fortress at
Atlanta district has been last in per- Metz and wheeling to the left, came
centage of quotas subscribed through-' around through Belgium in a move
out the most of the campaign. i ment Hke that of an opening fan. The
, j fan is closing this time and it is
NEW YORK. Oct. 19. New York ; hinged on a crowded pivot, while the
Cltv went about Its huge task in a columns representing the ribs of the
holiday spirit, vast icrowds of en-1 fan. Instead of pursuing the adver
thusiastir s-.V.scribers clustering about ' ry are being pursued, pushed, bust
booths and buvlng all day long and led and harassed. Consequently the
well Into the night. In many places
linns nnfit little hood tn the crowds.
traffic was completely blockefl and , opened at tne oeg nnmg or tne war "- " ""j V." munlrinal cemeterv
the do'I therre'ves busv with a and which, according to the crown t,,e P" at l"4 municipal etery
Uberty roanrab!;- w'h.chnetted mi" prince was "fresh and Joyous." Is ab- use , th. graves couh, not be dug
"Big business." poured out its wealth Marshal Focb withholds from Luden
In sums ranging from $500,000 to $50,-; dr the leisure to operate his elastic
000.000 with an abandon never be-1 retreat at will The enemy is able
for witnrssoil The top figure of . to 8'ect only positions where resist-
-n it i . i inrA to vttAl to the riiitmh of the
.-u.uui.uuu was suuBcnuwu i-y iuc
.
guaranty irus company, "ringing : ...
tota subvrMion to the fourth Llh-
erty loan up to $122,747,700. the larg-!
et nmniint mm suhscribed to a wan
et amount ever suDscrinea to a war
. .
Reports from all of the sub-dis nets j
sharply contradicted the ofifcial fig-.
ures. declared that every sub-rMstrlct
was "over the top" and most of tem
(Continued on Face Three)
THE BISBEE DAILY
FAMOUS "IRON WALL" HAS BEEN SCRAPPED
V? iKH m;i&&?r U'- -r&t
Airplane
A few short weeks apo von
HertlinR and other German higher
ups termed the Hinienburjr line
"The Iron Wall." They said it
never would fall. It might have
been iron, but must have been
cast iron. For a few ringing
10
lOiULUOM
ON GDHWrARHY
ONTREfJCH FRONT
FAN
rni nouin
I Ing; "To hell with the war." After
me . f ' ' r . ! being out for twent''-our boura. the
Movement Is m Reverse to jury was discharged without a ver-
Wbat It Wm Wh-n Thev dirt- They 8tood eiRht for ar(,,,ittal
wnai was wnn iney!and four for conviction on the first
Swung Out From Metz As T.rw'SSor. a demo-
a Base Three Years Ago
i only two republicans among the twelve
men who heard the evidence. The
WITH THE FRENCH ARMY IN case against Colonel Breen and Allen
FRANCE. Oct. 19 (By the Associated : B. Jaynes, editor of the Tucson Citl
Press). The first French army, under zen. were passed until December on
General Debeney, after months of se
irpro nmniionlnir la fnmlchinir no
of the begt example8 of tne endur
ance of the heroic French troops in
the fighting on the Oise. Continuing
their pressure on the German lines
during the night. General Debeney's
troops completed the conquest of the
territory west of the canal from Ham
tappes to Noyales and this morning
were overcoming stout resistance on
this most difficult ground.
The Germans, disputing every inch
of the ground in this regon in order
to protect the rrei-.t of their arm-
les pressed by the British, are favored
by nature. The ground is well adapt-i
ed to the artificial floods to which I
they are resorting and to ambushes
that are encountered all along the
front.
Wherever the enemy retires here he
Is forced back againrt his wall of de
fense. these positions being essentia'
to the easy withdrawal of troops and
material further north.
On the front of the armies of Gen
eral" Gouraud and General Pershir.g,
the fighting goes on fiercely, the en
emy ceding ground only in the last
extremitv. while comoletine the wlth-
drawal of his lines westward. Gou
raud's men gained Important success
yesterday east of the Alsne and are
advancing east of Vouziers.
The German retreat, so far as the
regularity wun wnicn tne ran was
-- , ,
rctlrlno - mnvetnont Tlio nnslHims ;
" n the rI'ht wInP!
are ror the moment on tne rig a i wing,
n front of Gouraud 1 and Pershing and .
n the region of the Slsson front of
"
. ' . . . , ...
The most competent authorities ad
mil that the German Retreat has thus
far been accomplished In masterly
fashion. The question whether the,
(Continued on Page Six)
' sent in tne inverse movement. . .-. v .....,. ...
Associated Press Special Leased Wire
REVIEW, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1918.
view of famous Hindenburs line at
blows from the allied, sledgeham
mer in the hands of General Foch
smashed it. This unique photo of
the section of the Hindcnburg line
at Bullecourt, taken from an air
plane, shows the nature of the de
fenses and how the. allied eunners
Called On Hunt
To Resign" For
Disclosures
PHOENIX, Ariz., Oct. 19. Oeo. W.
P. Hunt, governor of Arizona, failed to
prove his charge of libel against Col.
Fred S. Breen, editor of the Coco
nino Sun, who charged him with say-
cratic county attorney and submitted
to a democratic jury, there being
motion of the county attorney, who an
noimced that he mieht never trv them
it developed this afternoon that two
members of the jury in the Breen libel
case had not been regularly served.
but had been picked up by the baliff,
and an investigation was started. The
county attorney claimed that counsel
for the defense had waived the ir-
I regularity, but Judge Sloan says that
he never heard of any such proposi
tion. Two jurors were excused from
the panel by consent, but two who
had not been drawn from the box
were allowed to remain on the panel,
and were accepted on the jury. It is
said that the jury was composed of
two republicans, six democrats, two
Hunt democrats and two socialists,
and that they divided on political lines
from the start. There were only thirty-two
jurors present when the case
was called and ten of those were so
cialists or had socialistic leaning. Four
had been irregularly served and out
of this the panel of twenty-four had
to be selected.
The Arizona Gazette this evening
calls on Governor Hunt to resign, say
ing that he had been indicted at the
bar of public opinion and should turn
over the office to Secretary Osborn
for the balance of his term in view
of the disclosures made at the trial.
MEXICANS DYING BY
SCORES FROM "FLU"
fHv Review Sensed Wire)
EL PASO. Tex., Oct. 19. Deaths
from influenza are occurring so fast
in northern Mexico it is impossible to
supply coffins for the dead or to
bury them for days after they die. Re
ports received from Torreon. Santa
Rosalia, Chihuahua City and other
Mexican towns tell of desperate con
ditions due to the Influenza epidemic.
At Chihuahua City, the state capital.
Medical supplies have been exhaust
ed in many of these towns and set
tlements and the few nurses and doc
tors are nnable to cope with the epi
demic. The disease has made its
annoarnnro In the federal nrmv at
appearance in ine leuerai arm; i
Santa Rosalia and is spreading rap-
ammi ... g-idie,., of th state
X
"nOHe res stance is low Decause oi
their primitive mode of living.
The epidemic, is well under control
dp.,h nBg
araw, ,ow hecaus, of the
f artion boar(, of
,8olntlng all cases as rapidly
as they develop.
nna mnn rornrtnt 30 hM11fa lvlnc nn
Service,
BY GENERAL FOCH
BuIIcourt
battered the concrete and steel.
Rows of tangled barbed wire, zig
zag trenches and stone walls failed
to halt the allied forces. The
breaking of this defense line helped
bring home to Germany the reali
zation that her end has come.
THE PRESIDENT
TURNS D.OWN
AUSTRIA'S PLEA
la Reply to Austrian Note
Asking Armistice, Tells
Them Things Have Now
Changed, People Must Rule
Bv Prvlow I.npHt WlrI
WASHINGTON. Oct. 19. On the
eve, apparently, of the coming of an
other peace note from Germany.
President Wilson has rejected the
plea of Austria-Hungary for an armis
tice and peace negotiations, and in
doing so has made clearer the condi
tions which the central powers must
meet to end the war.
In a pote written yesterday and
made public soon after it was well
on the way to Vienna today, the presi
dent, in effect, savs there can be no
talk of peace with the Austro-Hun-gary
government except upon the
basis of complete liberty for Czecho
slovaks and other subject nationali
ties as free members of the family of
nations. He refuses to entertain the
Austro-Hunirarlan suggestion for this
reason, without discussing the raiH
tarv questions dealt with in the reply
to Germany.
Tho Vienna government asked for
negotiations on the basis of the pres
ident's announced program of peace.
mentioning the speech of January 8
last. In which the president said the
peoples of Austria-Hungary should be
accorded tho freest oonortunity for
autonomous development. The reolv
savs this is impossible: that the1
Czecho-Slovak national council has
heen recognized as a de facto bellig
erent government and the justice of
the nationalistic aspirations of the
Jueo-Slavs has been recognized and
mere autonomy no longer can be ac
cented.
This declaration, which may be fir
reaching in its effect upon Austria
Hungary, where long enslaved peoples
apparently are nearlv ready to sween
away the hated dual monarchy and
th- Hanshurg dynasty clears up what
some critics of the president's policy
have pointed to as a source of endless
controversy in his program of peace.
It. comes one day after tne proclama
tion of Finperor Charles' federalizing
the Austrian states in a desperate
effort to save his government and at
the same time prepare the way for
pencv
Thouch not mentioned by name, the
Poles. Rumanians and members of
other distinct races held under Aus
trian domination, come within the
protection of the principle of self
determination to which America and
the alllo are committed. The Aus
trian Toles want to join an independ
ent Poland; the Austrian Rumanians
long for reunion with Rumania ami
thre Is no doubt here that their hopes
will be fulfilled when the peace con
ference Is held.
Beyond press dispatches from
Switzerland "saving the new German
note would bo dispatched tonicht. the
state department had no intimation
(Continued on Face Three)
CEMN AM
A MASTERLY
ALONG THE
Allied Armies Have Now Rea ched Holland Border and Have
Bottled Thousands of Prisoners Who Could Not Escape
Trap; in Some Places Stiff Resistance Met by Troops in
Their Advance I
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. Oct. 19 The Ger-
man retreat from Belgium continued
today at a rate that indicated early
arrival of the allied forces before the
first of the enemy's series of defense
lines. Reports from the fronf were
of a scattering character, however,
and furnished officials here with little
basis for gauging the immediate stra
tegic situation. One unofficial report
placed the Anglo-American advance
Lrt nf vnrmni i..wt, vain,i.
1 . i n U n.aaAn, n.lA t UA ,
-" - - . - - ,
nes and Avesnes. Ifvthis is correct j
the first subsidiary lffle of the enemy
lhas already been yoken.
General March referred to this situa
tion today in his weekly conference
saying:
"From Le Cateau northward the Bri
tish have reached but have not yet
attempted to cross the German de
dense line which there follows the east
bank of the Selle river up to the Sen
see marshes."
The situation along the front was in
such a state of flux shifting every hour
with the German withdrawal ganing
speed, that General March made no
effort to outline the strategic possi
bilities. He did, however, call atten
tion to the fact that the withdrawal
had expanded to cover practically the
9--. n,.l frnn frnm th ot
whole 250 mile front from the coast
to the Meuse, where General Per
shing's forces are carrying forward
the allied risht wing.
If the German commanders are suc
cessful in bringing their great retreat
to a halt on the expected defensive
line, officers here believe that the en
emy cannot long remain in that posi
tion. The Anglo-American thrust al
ready appears to have fractured the
keystone of the Gheni-Valenciennes-Avesnes
arch at Mormal forest.
There is much speculation here,
however, -as to whether the enemy
will be able to stop the tide of re
treat he had started, now that it is in
full swing The whole enemy line
from the Oioe north is in a fluid state.
Observers believe it will be a difficult
matter to solidify it again if allied
pressure can keep pace with the re
treat. The very depth of the enemy with
drawal, it is possible, may serve to
give hi in time for this readjustment.
The communication lines of the
French, British and Belgian armies
are rolling out again behind them in
ever-extending avenues back to their
bases. The armies cannot outrun those
arteries and it take time to repair
and build railways to handle the vast
supplies that must go forward every
hour.
To some officers, therefore, it seems
likely that a pause will soon occur In
Belgium and on the northern half of
the great battle front. They are watch
ing intensely, however, for a hew
thrust by the American and Franco-
American forces east and west of the
.. ...w- 1 - Vl,l... ,
.ueufce ... peiuay .c U...U...B jnfol.med that conditions have altered
key to the whole enemy front, what- BlBM Ja g wnen ,he ldenl
ever plans for gradual withdrawal to Mumlated hjg and
the German frontier have been madej Austria-Hun-It
is pointed out that while n,any empire must be made in ac-
miernieuiaie mirs ua.c ucru uuk
ed as possible defense positions in the
northern battle areas, all reports
have agreed upon the Mezieres-Sedan-Montmedy-Metz
front as.the only de
fense position in the field before the
French and Americans on both sides
of the Meuse. Major General Liggett's
American first army is already within
twelve miles of that line.
There is good reason to expect a
concentration' of effort to bridge this
gap and come to grips with the enemy
in his position of last resort, officers
think.
The Franco-American opera-'(By
tions are taking shape for a new
thrust along the Meuse and in that
connection particular importance was
attached today to the crossing of the
Aisne and capture of the heights east
and north of Vouziers by the French.
On this front the French now stand
almost at right angles to the American
lines east of Grand Pre. Wooded, hilly
ground faces both armies, but a pock
eting enterprise apparently is being
developed around this forest region
that is blocking the movement along
the Meuse. Berlin reports show fierce ;
fighting in the depths of this pocket,
the repulse of the French and Amer
icans being claimed.
The French are approaching the Ar
dennes canal line north of the forest
barrier. It may be possible it was said
today, that a swift pincer movemeat
similar to that which cleared the Ar
gonne pocket before, will be launched
to open the road to the German main
line of resistance.
UNDATED WAR LEAD, (By the As
sociated Press.) Allied troops on a
front of more than 120 miles from the
North sea to the Oise are pressing
closely the retiring Germans. The en-
PRICE FIVE C2NTS.
IS
RETREAT ALL
WESTERN FRONT
I emy is given no rest and may have
difficulty in holding his supposedly
prepared lines when they are reached.
On the north the British, French
and Belgians are approaching Ghent,
in the center the British are marching'
on Tournai while the British. French
aud Americans north of the Oise are
threatening rhe important railway
lines south of Valenciennes. On the
Argonne west of the Meuse the Amer
icans have improved their positions
near Bantheville. Unofficial reports
ma i tne Belgian coast has been clear-
ed completely of enemy forces and
that 6000 German troops have been
caught between the advancing allies
and the Dutch border and the North
sea. This force apparently was nnable
to escape southeastward toward Ant
werp owing to the rapidity of the al
lied advance from Bruges. Allied
troops are reported near Eecloo, fif
teen miles east of Bruges and" the
same distance northwest of Ghent und
also was approaching the Dutch fron
tier near Sluis. The allied troops in
Flanders have regained 800 square
miles of territory in the past four
days.
Between Bruges and Courtrai the
main resistance is somewhat stifter
than further north, but south of Cou
trai the British are advanr
J " "c 1 D
?Ia.rC( nVer haS CTOSSed east Of
jiy irom the Douai-Lille line. The
Lille and the town of Chereng, eight
miles east of the important junction
or Tournai taken. From Chereng
southward to east of Douai. the Bri
tish have pressed forward nearly eight
miles on a thirty mile front in three
day.
South of Valenciennes the British.
Americans and French forces are wid
ening the wedge driven into the Ger
man efer."e and have forced the rue
my iH'hir.tf the Jambre canal on a
wide front east of the important rail
way center of Guise.
Tne Selle has been crossed in force
southeast of Cambrai and the British
are approaching the formidable natu
ral obstacles of the forest of Mormal,
guarding the Valencieuties-Avesnes
railroad, the main German support
line in this region.
The French maintain strongly their
pressure between the Oise and the
Serre and eastward along the Ainne.
There are some indications thai the
Germans are preparing for a retire
ment from their positions in front of
the Americans northwest of Verdun
between the Meuse and the Boult for
est The American advance threatens
the security of the Kriemhelde posi
tions tn the left center of the sector.
A further advanee in the Bantheville
region would further increase the
menace to the Germans east of the
Meuse. The enemy Saturday attacked
the American position in the Bois De -La
Grande Montagne. but was re
pulsed. President Wilson has rejected the
request of the Austro-Hungarian gov
ernment for an armistice. Austria was
I " iiu
mn.InM .ifh ,ha rio.iro. r th n,
cho-Slov&k and Jugo-SIav nationali
ties. Germany, it was reported from
Geneva, would dispatch Saturday
night its reply to President Wilson's
note. The reply, it was reported,
would accept all the terms with the
exception of that concerning subma
rine warfare.
WITH THE AMERICAN ARMT
NORTHWEST OF VERDUN. Oct. 19.
the Associated Press.) During
the last few days the Germans have
been shelling back areas reaching Ver
dun, Monttaucon and other points to
day. They drenched the' region of
Verdun with gas Friday and through
out the night until nearly daylight
intermittently shelled the town. The
shelling continued at intervals
throughout today.
The fnemy augmented his already
strenuous resistance against the
American advance by heavy artillery
action today. This was responded to
in kind, so that a duel of big guns was
in progress all along the line.
The German guns were active dnr
ing the night, especially east of the
Meuse. where roads in the rear of the
front lines were shelled intermittent-
jy. One huge gun which fired several
times at Ft. Douaimont was found to
be mounted on a railroad car.
There was hard fighting throughout
the day in the Grand Pre region where
the Americans forced their way
through to the southern edge of Belle
joyeuse farm, the southeastern out
post of Bourgogne wood and its out-
lying defensive position. That portion
(Continued on Pag Three)
MA NG TWO
THE BLSBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1918.
AIR MOTOR FAILS
IN PUZZLE WORLD
5 1-2J41LES UP
Army Captain Describes His
Queer Sensations While at
Great Height Above Face
of Earth
r
WASHINGTON, D. C, Oct. 19.
Cpt Schroeder of the United States
air service, who flew an airplane
to an altitude of 28,900 feet at
Dayton, O., last month, was forced to
descend the entire distance with a
dead engine according to an official
report of his exploit which has Just
beea made to-Major General Kenly, di
rector of military aeronautics.
tin his description of the remarkable
flight Captain Schroeder said:
' In order to take an airplane to a
higher altitude than any other pilot
in the world I found that it would re
quire more than one or two attempts.
I made three attempts. The first one
took me to 24.000 feet, the second to
27,000 feet, and the last one to 28,900
feet, but now I feel certain that I can
get to 30,000 feet.
"The cold, thin air is one's greatest
adversary. First of fall, one must
make a study of the performance of
his motor at these high altitudes.
How It Felt
"I took off at 1 : 45 p. m. Wednesday,
September IS, 191S, and made a steady
circular climb, passing through clouds
at 8000 feet, 12,000 feet and 16,000 feet.
At 20,000 feet, while still climbing in
large circles, my goggles became frost
ed, making it very difficult for me to
watch my instruments.
"When I reached 25,000 feet I no
ticed the sun growing very dim, I
could hardly hear my motor run, and I
felt very hungry.
''The trend of my thought was that
it must be getting late, that evening
must be coming on, but I was still
climbing so thought I might as well
stick to it a little longer, tor I knew
I could reach my ceiling pretty soon,
then I should go down. Even though
it were dark, I could land all right for
I had made night landings many times
before. So I went to talking to myself.
This I felt was a good sign to begin
taking oxygen, and I did.
Oxygen Cures All His
' I was then over 25,000 feet, and aa
soon as I started to inhale the oxygen,
the sun grew brighter again, my motor
began to exhaust so loud that it seem
ed something must be wrong with it,
I was no longer hungry, and the day
seemed to be a most beautiTul one. I
felt like singing with sheer joy as I
gazed about through the small portion
of my goggles which had no frpst, due
to a drop of oil which bad spattered on
them from the motor.
"It was wonderful to see the very
'clear blue sky with the clouds thou
sands of feet below. The frost on my
goggles bothered me very much. At
times I had to remove my gloves in
order to nut the warm palm of my
hand on the glass to thaw the frost. I
did this about every ten minutes so
that I could take the proper readings
of the instruments, which I marked
down on my data pad.
Takes Off Goggles
"I believe that if my goggles had
been better ventilated they would not
have frosted. When I was about 27,-
000 feet I had to remove my goggles
as I was unable to keep a steady climb.
My hands by this time were numb and
worried me considerably. The cold
raw air made my eyes water, and I
was compelled to fly with my head
well down inside the cockpit.
"I kept at it until my oxygen gave
out, and at that point I noticed my
aneroid indicated very nearly 29,000
feel. The thermometer showed thirty
two degrees below zero. Centigrade,
and the revolutions per minute had
dropped from 1600 to 1560. This is con
sidered vory good. But the lack of
oxygen was affecting me. I was be
ginning ti get cross, and I could not
understand why I was only 2!),000 feet,
after climbing for so long a time. I
remember that the horizon seemed to
be very much out of place, but I felt
that I was right and the horizon was
wrong.
Feels Better at 20,000
"About this time the motor quit. I
was out of gasoline, so I descended in
a large spiral. When I descended to
about 20,000 feet I began to feel much
better, tnd I realized that the lack of
oxygen had affected me. I paged down
through the clouds at 16,0n0 feet and,
as I remember, it was snowing from
these clouds upon the next layer, some
4'iuO feet below. I am not positive of
this, as I may have been affected by
the lack of oxygen.
"1 noticed as I descended that the
air seemed to be very thick and stui
fy, but very nice and warm. I did not
see the ground from the time I went
up throuch the clouds above Dayton,
Ohio, until I came down through them
again at 4'iOQ feet above Canton, Ohio,
over 20 miles from where started.
"I was lost beyond a doubt, with a
dead engine over very rough country.
1 landed o. k. and broke the tip of my
propeller, which was Btanding vertical,
when I rolled into a depression in the
ground. However, I did not nose over
or do a;iy other damage to the plane
or myself. I flew back to Dayton with
a new propeller." 1
Calumet & Arizona Mining com- j
pany reports output in August of i
4.376.0UU pounds ol cupper, an increase I
of Ifiiutm pounds a compared with I
the previous months and 1 44,(100
pcuntU belter than the June figure.
Noa'i would have saved future sol
diers a lot of trouble if he had swatted
those two cooties v. Lieu thev marched !
up the gang-plan!: of the ark. New j
York Eveuing Mail.
SAVE Peach Stones
f This store is a depository for dry peach
stones and nut shells. liberty Peach
Stone Barrel at Main Entrance.
6S
99
EVERY
THRIFT STAMP
Brings Victory that much nearer. Buy
your share cheerfully and promptly.
A PROFITABLE
OPPOR TUNITY
SHOPPING Next Week at THE FAIR is Time Most Profit
ably Spent. The Autumn Season is Now in Full Swing.
Just as if a signal has been given, men and women begin to think
of new clothes and warm coverings. Shopping here next week will
prove in every way great wisdom and foresight, as well as profit.
New arrivals in charming, individual
Ready -to-W ear
A new showing of fall suits, coats and dresses, as a matter of fact,
these new garments have but lately come in by express from New
York, and therefore show the very latest styles this season. Practical
ly every style developed, in one way or another, is to be found in the
extensive showing you will find here on display, and surely every de
sirable style sanctioned for this season's wearing.
THE SUITS-
In the suits there are garments of Oxford cloth, evora duve1 de laine,
duvytun, poplins and serges, trimmings if any, are of fur. Priced
at $29.50 to $75.00.
THE DRESSES-
Are made of various fabrics, such as jersey, velour, gabardine,
georgette, crepe de chine, tricolette and satins and show many new
effects in designing. Priced at $19.75 to $95.00.
THE COATS-
As for the coats, we doubt if there has ever been a showing of fall
garments showing such smart simplicity and such beautiful effects as
you will find now. Priced, $20 to $95.00.
The showings above are worthy of a special trip to the second
floor and we believe the most extensive we will make this season.
See this line Monday without fail.
NEW STYLES IN MILLINERY
The millinery section shows many new arrivals, in addition, our
workrooms have added some especially beautiful styles for next week.
The newest ideas in low crowns and irregular brims are shown. Vel
vet, poplin, faille, georgette, ongora and chenille are the principal
fabrics. Wings, ribbon bows, and ostrict effects are the best developed
trimmings. You'll be delighted to find that nearly every model will
prove becoming to you. You will also be delighted to find that prices
are several dollars lower than the styles would indicate.
Priced from $4.95 to $35.00
Second floor
i
Furs for Gifts
WE COULD NOT GIVE YOU BETTER ADVICE
THAN TO BUY FURS NOW
Since the War Industries board has requested that all persons in
tending to make Christmas gifts, buy them early, you can well under
stand that the choice pieces and choicest styles will go to those who
purchase first. Buy your X'mas furs while our stocks are now so
very complete.
Here Are Girls Coats
The new models for fall and winter wear, for the girls of 2 to 14
years of age are very pretty models fashioned of pretty materials, (and
every little girl dreams of a pretty coat) colors are blue, brown, bur
gundy and fancy coatings. Coats made on girlish lines with medium
or high waist, collars of velvet, self material or fu fabrics. Priced
from $3.50 to $15.00.
Two Other Cold
Weather items:
Outing Flannel Paj
amas and Gowns
Special displays and
attractive items will be
offered next week in
two necessary purch
ases for the present sea
son. These are outing
flannel gowns and pa
jamas. They are offer
ed in a wide range of
choice, in solid colors
and striped designs.
You will find sub
stantial garments at the
following prices:
Outing flannel gowns,
$1.50, $1.75 and $2.00
Outing flannel pajamas
$2.50 $3.50
Second Floor.
BUY UNDERWEAR NOW
Mills are not accepting any orders at all at pres
ent. The only advice that we have is that when
future orders are sent, they will be accepted only
at greally advanced prices. You will save money
hy buying now.
Indies' Union Suil3 runcc in price $1.00 up.
Mcn'c Ecpniv'c garments, raiigc in price, $1.C0
a up.
Men's Union Suits range in pi ire, $2.00 tip.
Our Stocks are Comvlele and Pikes Lower than thcij will be Later
It is a fortunate circumstance and only through
our foresight are we able to offer complete stocks
of underwear for men, women and children.
You now have your choice in cotton, mereno,
silk and wool.
Children'3 separate garments range in price,
50c and up.
Children's Union Suits range in price, $1.00 up.
ladies separate garments range in price, 50c
up.
Begin Your Xmas.
Buying Now!
The government requests that Christmas gift shopping be done now.
The transportation and manufacturing facilities of the. nation must
not be congested in December. Shopping early thus becomes a patri
otic duty. THE FAIR is ready with a plentiful supply of articles suit
able for gifts all times of the year. This is a great storehouse of the
rare and beautiful from all parts of the world. Our toy section, in the
Annex store, for children .The entire first floor contains hundreds of
suggestions The second floor, the furs, ladies' suits and furnishings;
and the men's department offers a superior service to those who buy
for men. Every department at The Fair is ready to help you obey the
ogvernment's injunctions.
Gifts to France Gov't Requests
Shipments to men in the Expe
ditionary forces should be made
before November 15. The size
of the packages is limited by gov
ernment regulations.
Shipments. of Christmas gifts
out of town should be made be
fore December 5, by government
orders. The forwarding facili
ties are at your disposal.
1 That customers make selec
tions in the store wherever
possible.
2 That shopping be done dur
ing the early hours of the
day.
3 That so far as possible cus
tomers carry their own pack
packages. , 4 That deliveries be reduced to
one a day.
BUY NOW! -SEND NOW!
I The Fair in years past has proven to be the one store in Bisbee that
always proved a veritable gift house for every number of the X'mas
family. It is again this year and still is carrying out the government's
request. We have assembled articles of a useful nature that will prove
an added pleasure to recipients. The Fair wants you to begin your
Xmas buying Monday.
It Is Getting To Be Too Cool To Be Without
BLANKETS , !
Many of our customers have taken our advice and bought blankets j
before this. They looked at it this way. I need blankets : I will have
to get them soon; I am being told that there is a possibility of blankets j
being hard to secure if a railroad congestion occurs as was the case last I
year; I am able to buy the blankets at a very moderate cost now at ?
The Fair; I'm going right ahead and buy the blankets I need. j
The following will give you an idea of how prices range, but you i
must come and inspect the blankets themselves to appreciate The Fair
blanket values,
Good Cotton Blankets, per pair 89c to $3.50
Wool Nap Blankets, per pair , $3.50 to $6.00
White Wool Blankets, per pair $8.00 to $25.00
California Blankets, per pair $9.00 to $15.00
Beacon Blankets, per pair $6.00 to $15.00
Wool Plaid Blankets, extra large size, per pair $7.00 to $25.00
Colored Wool Blankets, extra large size, per pair $9.50 to $18.50
ENTRANCE
ON
SUBWAY
.STREET
REAR -
OF
MAIN
3'JiLCIHf
We Are SACRIFICING PROFITS During
THESE WAR TIMES
But the war will be over .soon. Two months 3ix months a
year two years, even. But this is a. comparatively short span, com
pared to many years. The Fair will still continue to thrive after this.
And after the war
Our customers and every person in Bitbo - ar.ri the surrounding
country will look back and realize that there was a store willing to
do its share where that help meant a great deal to them. We feel ;
almost certain, even now, that every dollar lest on profits during this ;
period will be repaid tenfold after the war, not only in increased busi- '
ness, but in confidence. We are happy to hi in such a splendid posi
tio nto help our customers, advise them, save for ihem. The above
is particularly true to our Annex Store. There isn't a day in the week i
that we do not sacrifice profits for customer. For this next week j
you will find the following to be unusual values: j
Outing Gowns S" !
Extra good grade of outing flannel, made v II and full, in white j
and colored stripes. j
Children's gowns, 6 to 14 years 75 to 95c j
Ladies' gowns, all sizes, high and low neck $1.75 to $1.95
Men's Gowns, all sizes $1.25
Children's Ouling Flannel Rompers, bell and pocket 85c ;
Boys' Bltiiiscs, in plain and striprd. thambray .shirt stylo, military ;
coU-irs. extra values 45c .
1 THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1913.
THREE
ATTORNEYS FOR THE
GOVERNMENT FILE
VIEWJF LAW
JUDGE AND OFFICIALS ARRIVE IN
TUCSON FOR HEARING OF DE
MURRERS ON MONDAY POINTS
TO BE ARGUED LISTED
TUCSON. Oct. 19. Judge William
W.. Morrow, who is to hear the de
murrers to the Bisbee deportation in
dictments on Monday returned by the
federal grand jury in the United
States district court, arrived in Tuc
son this morning from San Francisco.
He was accompanied by his wife.
The-' are guests at the Santa Rita
hotel.
United States Attorney Flynn was
In consultation with William C. Fitts
of Washington, D. C, special assistant
to the attorney general, at the fed
eral building this morning. They filed
with , the clerk of the court a state
ment of points to be argued by the
government, as follows:
. As to Counts 1, 2 and 3.
"Article IV, Section 2. of the con
stitution of the United States secures
to citizens the right to remain in any
state immune from any but lawful co
ercion in the matter of their move
ments, and from interference with
their sojourn involving unlawful de
portation to other states. If the fed
eral .government is supreme in its
snhere,' . as it Is and must be, these
rights exist and their protection can
not be sought only In state authority.
"While acts of individuals interfer
ing with such rights are not punish
able under any art of congress. Sec
tion 19 of the criminal coda reaches
combinations of persons who put an
unlawful interference u-oon the exer
cise of these rights, and thus supple
ments the power of the courts to nul
5
5 y&kl&;. iv&?u. wvvfev- SI
Bisbee Dye Works.
lify state laws of the kind above in
i dicated.
"Kisrlits or immunities created by or
; dependent upon the constitution of the
1'iiitPd States can be protected by
con'srexs. The form and manner of
this protection m.iy be such as con
gress shall provide.
"Section 2 of Article IV, unlike Sec
tion 3 of the same article, needed no
legislation by congress to define it.
"The privilege and immunities re
ferred to in Section 2 are words of
very comprehensive meaning and in
cluded in them is the right of a citi
zen of one state to pass into another
state of Jh3 Union for the purpose of
enjoying any lawful commerce, trade
or business without molestation.
"This section also gives citizens the
right of free ingress into other states,
and ecress from them, and insures to
them in other states the same freedom
possessed by the citizens of those
states in the acquisition of and en
joyment of property and in the pur
suit of happiness.
As to Count 4.
"The right of citizens referred to in
the fourth count of the indictment is,
we maintain, based upon not only Ar
ticle IV, Section 2, of the constitu
tion, but upon Article I, Section 8 of
the constitution and also grows out
of the provisions of the selective
draft act of May 18. 1917, imposing up
on citizens the duty of registering at
their home when wanted. The argu
ment will be that these duties imply
the corresponding power of protection
to the registered citizens and that a
trespass upon them such as is alleged
in the fourth count of the indictment:
is a violation of Section 19 of the
penal code of 1910 within the authori
ties above quoted.
"WILIJAM C. FITTS.
"Special assistant to the attorney gen- i
eral.
"THOMAS A. FLYNN,
"United States Attorney."
The demurrers are made on the
ground of Insufficiency. i
Ellinwood & Ross, the Bisbee at-!
torneys. will represent the defendants.
The indictments are againRt 25 per-!
sons of Cochise county, resident in
mil r.filPl
: . .
The United States Government is now
reclaiming and conserving, by the Master Cleaning Process,
all available woolens of the army for use this Fall and Winter.
Should not every one do the same thing? Conservation of woolens is
one of the great needs of the hour. ,
The Master Cleaner can give added usefulness to
all your woolen garments.
This Emblem identifies those cleaning plants capable of
giving Master Service.
This adoertisrmrni is one of a tenet being published nationally under the auspices of this
Association in the interest of better cleaning service under sanitary conditions.
The firms who names appear below are Matter
Cleaner: We urge you to give them your patronage.
National Association cf Dyers and Cleaners
Fullerton Building Saint Louis
F.ishee and Douglas. Former Sheriff scribed its $120,000,000 quota of the
Harry C. Wheeler heads the list. Two! fourth Liberty loan by several hundred
have not been arn-sted and are in j thousand dollars," J. W. 1 loupes, dep
Frar.ee. Thev are Major John C. uty governor of the Dallas reserve
Green way and W. II. HtJphy. j bank announced tonight.
INDICATIONS POINT
TO OVERSUBSCRIPTION
OF FOURTH LOAN!
(Continued from Paee On)
were expecting to roll up big over- j ty's quota was $!2,t)0o. Every precinct
subscriptions. I ' Gila county over-subscribed its
Large subscribers included: Texas I original quota. Roosevelt dam with a
company. and Northern Pacific Kail-; quota of $5000 reported tonight with
way company, $2,000,000 each; Mrs I $25,000; Globe'3 quota was $4G0.i,'OU. to
Anna M. Harkness. $1,100,000. and ! iiifihts report show wver i')).tm;
subscriptions of $1,000,000 each t-'ill1' raised $SS,S3() on a quota of
Chicago. Burlington and Quincy rail-' 2S2.000. Chairman Todd staa'.ed to-
road company, E. II. Gray, Henry C.
Frick. Prairie Oil and Gas Companv I ties indicate mat una county will
and William Rockefeller. haV! hsl lowing in the entire
state.
DENVER. Colo., Oct. 19. Claiming
to be the first state in the tenth fed-i ALBUQUERQUE, N. M., Oct. 19.
eral reserve banking district to com- i With a quota of $S44.3oo, Bernalillo
plete its quota. Colorado Liberty loan county, of which Albuquerque is the
officials this afternoon wired Kansas ; center, sold a .total cf $1,000 150 in
City, district headquarters, that on j fourth Liberty bonds in a campaign
the face of official returns from the pending at 9 o'clock tonight. The total
banks of the state, the total subscrin-; population of the county is less than
lions in Colorado had pased the mini-i 25.000 people. Santa Fe railway em
mum quota mark of $37,478,550. The ployes here subscribed to $iS6.ot.'0 of
statement was also made that when all i the total amount subscribed in this
returns are in the state's pledges will ; county. It is expected that the final
be in excess of $40,000,000. totals will show even a larger figure
! than the total available tonight, many
CHICAGO, Oct. 19. Chicago com- ! subscriptions in outside precincts re
pleted its quota of $252,300,000 of the i mainir.s unreported t the closing
fourth Liberty loan early tonight and
began to pile up an over-subscription
expected to run into millions. There- BELGIAN FLAG
tuainder of the district had already SUPLANTS GERMAN
completed its quota. (iiy Review I-ra-a wire)
At 9 o'clock tonight the subserip-j AMSTERDAM. Oct. 19 German
tions in Chicago were estimated at dis-: sentries along the Dutch-Belgian fron
trict headquarters at $255,000,000 dis-tir left this morning. occOling to the
tributed among 1,000.000 subscribers. Telegraaf. The electrified barrier
The total number of subscribers in : along the frontier was also removed
the district was estimated at 3.935.000 1 and Ce German flag pulled down,
against 3,000,000 in the third loan. , This was replaced two hours later by
j the Belgian flag amid the loud cheers
DALLAS, Texas, Oct. 19. "The of the peasants along both sides of
eleventh federal district has over-sub- the liue.
mm tmsm Mm
JULIUS J. DUGAL,
" Manager.
GLOBE, Ariz., Oct. 19. Gila county
suh.vTibed approximately $2,2r0,iitnl to
the fourth Liberty loan fund, accord
ing to a report issued by Chairman
'1'0'11 of tau Gila COi"milte t'i'- even-
ing. Mr. Tcdd stated thai this amount
I would be increased when the outlying
' precincts were heard from. Gilu cuun-
; night that reports irom Arizona coun-
hour tonight.
j
5
0. 3
PRESIDENT WILSON
iUKPi UUWIN UUAL
MONARCHY'S PLEA
(Continued from Page On) .
uli. Infar 1, tiltiO ikt- th ll!lllll-P lf
" '
the G"i nian resuonse to the president,
Oilii-iids heard wit'iout coinmeiit of
the r-!ort that (I'-muiiy would ac -
cent l'r'sl(l.nt Wilsons conditions
"generally" with a rtsorvation that
submarine warfare must continue to
tlie end of the war. About the state
d p;rlnieiit this was regarded as ai
indication that the Ii'srlin government,
it:i i.t i-.tii-p din., iho kiirr. infer tll.lt
.,..uc ... ..- -
it has been told must precede an
armistice, would seek to continue Oiif.ff
lumauo tiiscussions 111 tau iioijc ui
(ivt niu.niy wcaKenniK ine pusuiuu ui
lit i rill liur-i ui:u t,iii,.i., i - wu...b. t
desired negotiated peace. 1
It was reiteraled that only a com-1
pleto acceptance will satisfy theUj
I'nited states and the anw-s, and that
an effort by the Germans to evade
uresuviu ruiiui'iiy iu ieru-,c t tun-
tinue the correspondence.
In l.e rep'.irt that the new cote
woulu contain a deensc of submarine
warfare as a retaliatory measure tin
prospect was seen of an u-'mpt to
re-opin this whole question the
iues:ioii which brought the United
Statrs into the war. Such an attempt
would be regarded here simply as an
other "evidence of the failure of the
Germans to understand or acknowl
ei'.i'e the basis of the American ob
jection to their kind of warfare.
The txt of the note to Austria,
handed to the Swedish minister, fol
lows: "Sir: I have the honor to acknowl
cdse the receipt of your note of the
7th instant. !n which you tranmit a
communication of the imperial and
royal government of Ausiria-Hunpary
to tho president. I am now instructed
by the president to request you to be
tood enonth tlnoueh your government
to convey to the imperial and royal
government the following reply:
"The president deems it his duty to
say to the Austro-Hungary govern
ment that he cannot entertain the
present suggestion of that government
because of certain events of utmost
importance which, occurring since the'
delivery of his address of the 8th of
January last, have necessarily altered
the attitude and responsibility of the
government of the United States.
Among the 14 terms of peace which
the president formulated at that time
occurred the following:
" 'X The peoples of Austro-Hungary
whose place among the nations we
wish to see safeguarded and assured
sbonld be accorded the freest oppor
tunity of autonmous government.'
'Since that sentence was written
and uttered to the congress of the
United States the' government of the
United States had recognized that a
state of belligerency exists between
the Ozecho-Slovaks and the German
ar.d Austro-Hungarian empires and
that the Czecho-Slovak national coun
cil Is a d: facto belligerent govern
ment clothed with proper authority
to direct the military and politic-!
affairs cf the Czecho-Slovaks. It has
also recognized in the fullest manner
the justice of the nationalistic aspira
tions cf the Ju go-Slavs for freedom.
"The president is, therefore, no
longer at liberty to accept the mere
'autonomy' of these peoples as a basis
of peace, but is obliged to insist that
they, and not he, shall be the judges
of what action on the part of the
Austro-Hungarian government will
satisfy their aspirations and their con
ception of their rights and destiny as
members of the family of nations.
"Accept, sir, the renewed assurances
of mv highest consideration.
(Signed) "ROHERT LANSING."
In announcing his reply. Secretary
Lansing also made public the official
text of the Austro-Hungarian note.
It follows.
legation of Sweden, Washington, D.
C Oct. 7, 1918.
"(Translation).
"Excellency:
"By order of my government I have
the honor confidentially to transmit
herewith to you the following com
munication of the imperial and royal
government of Austria-Hungary to
the president of the United States of
America:
"'The Austro-Hungarian govern
ment, which has waged war always
and solely as a defensive war, and
repeatedly given documentary evi
dence of lis readiness to stop the
shedding of blood and to arrive at a
ji;st and honorable peace, hereby ad
dresses itself to his lordship, the
president of the United States of
America and offers to conclude with
him and his allies an armistice on
every front on land, at sea and in the
air and to enter immediately upon ne
gotiations for a peacp the 14 points
in the message of President Wilson
to congress of January 8, 191S. and
the four points contained in President
Wilsrn'p address of February 17, 1918,
should serve as a foundation and in
which the viewpoints declared by
President Wilson in his address of
September 27, 191S. will aso be taken
into account.'
"He pledged to accept, etc.
(Signed) "W. A. F. KKENGREN.
"His excellency. Mr. Robert Lafisfng,
Secretary of State of the United
States, Washington."
AMSTERDAM. Oct. 19. The dis
patch of Germany's reply to President
Wilson has been delayed, owing to a
difference of opinion which occurred
at the eleventh hour, according to a
dispatch received here from Rerlln.
It is said that Germany will make a
very conciliatory offer, regarding the
suspension of submarine warfare and
will probably recall conditionally all
submarines.
AMSTERDAM. Oct. 19 The Ger
man reply to President Wilson will be
conciliatory, but will give the allies
to understand that Germany is not
ready to bow to a peace that will de
stroy her future, according to the Co
logne Gazette. Germany, the news
paper says, is ready for a peace of
right, but not for a peace of might.
REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS
if-
1
1 " -
, Jl
j
jji
!
; f.
OUR
j'
,
If!!
FRUITS
VEGETABLES
Are Always FRESH and Reasonably Priced.
INVESTIGATE and SAYE EOKEYI
: .
r
PURE
Phone 29
U. S. Food Acministration Licerss No. G-161C9
art -Taia Ti ll fr i
GERMAN ARMY
MAKING MASTERLY ;
RETREAT IN WEST
(Continued from Pium One)
of the Grand Pre wood land still con
taining Germans was cleaned up by
nightfall.
The accomplishments of the Ell-
American bombing raid over the Ger
man lines were much talked about all
along the American front today, varl
ous observers reporting what they saw
on Friday afternoon.
One observer on a hill within the
American lines south of Bayonvllle,
unaware of the fact that American
bombers were at work, reported to
his headquarters that it appeared to
him that Bayonville and various other
tow, is had been destroyed by terrific
explosions of unknown origin.
Another observer saw great clouds
of smoke arise in such a volume that
he thought the Germans were putting
over a smoke barrage and telephoned
his headquarters to this effect. Head
quarters informed the observer that
the explosions probably were due to
American bombers and asked him to
count the Americans returning home
ward bound.
Afterwards the observer said he had
counted about 140 machines passing
within the American lines after a se
ries of combats in which the Amer
icans were victors in every case.
(By Review Leased Wire)
PARIS, Oct. 19. The French armies
til along the front have been success
ful in their combats with the Ger
mans, making advances at numerous
points and at others warding off vio
lent counter attacks, says the official
communication issued tonight. In
Champagne the French have reached
the Hunding line, attacked it and cap
tured St. Germainmont. Seven hun
dred prisoners were taken.
Between Sissone and Chateau Por
cien the fight has not been less spir
ited. Local attacks brought us ap
preciable progress. We have reached
the road from Sissone to La Selve and
have carried several fortified works
"More to the east we bold Bethan
court, Espagne, Tinain and Compters.
Between these villages and Nizy Ie
Comte and west of Chateau Porcien
our troops also came into contact with
the Hunding (line. Our troops nrtr
tacked after a short artillery prepara
tion and took permainmont. Seven
hundred prisoners were taken in the
course of tliis fighting.
"In the region of Vouzlers the bat
tle continued the whole day with ex
treme stubbornness. On the heights
east of the Aisne we have taken after
a hard struggle the Macquart farm
and Hill No. 193. east of Vandy. More
to the south we captured the village
of Chestres. and went far beyond this
village. We took more than 400 pris
oners and raptured ton cannon and
some machine guns."
GAMES ARE POSTPONED
(Pv Review tensed Wire)
NEW YORK. Oct. 19. A number of
scheduled football games were post
poned or cancelled today because of
influenza.
Carnegie Tech at Pittsburg in can
celling today's game with Bucknell. an
nounced that no more games would be
played this season.
Among other games called off today
were :
Brown against Vermont at Provi
dence, R. I.; Colby against Bates at
Waterville, Maine, and Williams
against Union at Williamstown. Mass.
At Cleveland: Cleveland Naval Re
serves. 20; Western Reserve. 6.
At Easton, Pa.: Ursinus. 0; Lafay
ette. 37.
At Hanover. N. H.: Dartmouth. 20;
Norwich. 0.
At Minneapolis: Minnesota, 30;
Soldiers from Mechanics school, 0.
MAKE GOOD SHOWING
(Hi- Review I.e!,J wire
PHOENIX. Ariz.. Oct. 19 Phoenix
volunteers for the motor transport
corps today established "field head
quarters' 'on a big army truck In this
city and led what seemed at first to
be a forlorn hope. They succeeded in
putting this city In the list of the
over-subscribed. They carried their
batteries Into the cotton fields in- the
suburbs of the city and all told cap
tured 1S9 individual subscribers, net
ting a total of $27,250.
Gasless Sundays make
morning's paper less ghastly.
Cliy Star.
Mondav
-Kansas
LINE OF
t 1
.NGIUS
AN
FOOD GROCER
1
GENERAL HAIG
MAKES REPORTS
mv Tv!pw las-l V."lre
LONDON. Oct. 10. The I ritish and
American forces in the reeion of l.e
1 Cateau. have successfully continued
their advance, says Field Marshal Haig
in his communication tonight. South
east of Le Cateau they have pene
trated to the high ground west cf Can
tillon and also have reached the west
bank of the Sambre and Oi.se canal.
The statement reads:
"In the operations in the past three
days, in this sector, the troops of Gen
eral Rawiinson's fourth army have
completed an advance of from five to
eight miles, across difficult country,
which the enemy defended with tena
city. "Having driven the enemy on the
first day from strong positions held
by him on the right banks of the Selle
river, by a determined and persistent
fighting, they have successfully clear
ed the whole of the fighting ground
east of the river line, capturing many
villages, together with more than 5000
prisoners.
"The enemy has commenced to with
draw north of the Cambral road. Saul
zeir iias been occupied by our troops
and progress has been made toward
Dcnain from the south.
"North of the Sensee canal oi:r
troops already have entered Denain
and reached the villages of Escadin
and Semain.
"During the past ten days the fo"rs
of this division which have been con
tinuously in the lin for a long pe
riod and on a wide front have main
tained unceasing pressure on the en
emy and by their energy and activity
their pursuit has already harasod his
retreat.
"In the course of their advance of
more than eighteen miles they have
captured several hundred prisoner
and taken the tewn of Douai, be
sides many villages.
"Further north our troops are stfa'1
lly continuing their advance. They
have reached the general line cf Or
chies. Cobrieux, Bourghelles and Tem
pleuve and southeast of Roubaix, the
village of Nechin."
(Pv Review I.-ipei Wire)
LONDON. Oct. 19. A resume of
Field Marshal Haig of the operations
of the American troops fighting on the
British front, given out tonight says:
"In the last three weeks, the 27th
and 30th divisions or the second Amer
ican corps, operating with the fourth
British army, have taken part with
great gallantry and success in three
major offensive operations, besides be
ing engaged in a number of lessor at
tacks. In the course of this fighting
they displayed soldierly qualities of a
high order and have materially as
sisted in the success of our attacks.
"Havin? fought with tha u'raost
dash and bravery in the great attack
of Srnte-.-.her 29 in which the HinJ
cnbnrg lir-e was broken, anj hiviis:
on thi o' .-arion captured the villa
of nellii-O'i-.-t and Nauror with a lare
number of pri-ioners. on Octo!er Sth.
the troops cf the Second American
nrmv corps a?ain attacked in the
np"hbrrbood of Vontbrehain.
"I.i three days of successful fight
ing they comnletod an advance cf ten
milej from Monthrehain to St. Soup
let, overcoming determined reswianee
and capturing several stronely defend
ed village and works. Throughout
the last three days the two American
divisions h.ive again attacked duly
and on each occasion with complete
success, thouch the enemy's resist
ance was most obstinate.
"Fiuhtir.g their way forward from
St. Snnplet to the high ground west of
the Sambre canal they have broken
the enemy's resistance at all points,
beating off many counter attacks and
realizing an advance of nearly fie
mil 3. Over 5W0 prisoners and many
guns have been taken by the two
American divisions in these seTeral
operations."
FIXES PRICE OF WHEAT
(P- Review Wire)
WASHINGTON. Oct. 19. President
Wilson will be urged to fix a minimum
price of $2.46 a bushel for No. 1 North
ern wheat or its equivalent. Chicago
delivery, by representatives of the
National Wheat Growers" association
at a conference Monday. "J
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1918.
FOUR
Site Sfsligg DatliT Sigufcm
PUBLISHED EVERY DAY EXCEPT MONDAY BY THE
STATE CONSOLIDATED PUBLISHING COMPANY.
CULLEX A. CAIN..
iior and
MEMBER ASSOCIATED
l ne Associuieu nebs la wLiusivt-i vnm., w
use for re publication of all news dispatches credited to
It or not otnerwise credited to mis paper mm iau
0 local news published herein.
All rights of re publication of special dispatches .here
in are also reserved.
Entered as Second Class Mail Matter at Bisbee, Arizona,
Under Act of March 8, 1879.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES, PAYABLE IN ADVANCE:
TER MONTH - -75
THREE MONTHS 2.25
SIX MONTHS 4
TWELVE MONTHS 7.50
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per year 2.50
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per quarter -5
No Subscription Taken For Less Than 75 Cents
The German
Viewpoint Changeth
At this time the frame of the German
mind, as expressed by German newspapers
and public men, is remarkable. For in
stance, the Volks Zeitung declares that "if
we give up Belgium according to President
Wilson's terms, then the allies should not
advance into this territory, for it is neces
sary to preserve Belgium's neutrality."
Angels and ministers of grace defend us!
Germany would now preserve Belgium's
neutrality." Words fail. Again ; the Ger
mans have for some time wished to dis
continue the, use of poison gas. They are
getting the worst of it now. Recently they
emitted a dreadful howl about the Ameri
can use of shotguns. Berlin has also inti
mated that she would cease the bombard
ment of allied open towns from the air if
the allies would also cease this form of
warfare. After killing hundreds of men
and women and children in London and
Paris and losing the mastery of the air, the
German would stop bombing, now that his
Rhine cities are suffering every day and
night from allied air raids. He also wishes
it understood that from now on there is
to be no more destruction of towns and
cities by the armies of the belligerents. Hav
ing done his worst, and it now coming on
for his turn, the Hun would cease this in
nocent little pastime. The Hun is preach
ing peace now, and all the attendant graces
of kindness, gentleness and honor in its
train. And he will feel mistreated and
badly used if the allies do not immediately
accept all his proposals. He has ravished
and destroyed many conquered sections of
country; the enemy is marching upon his
frontier; now let all wreck and ruin cease.
The squarehead butcher is now a cringing,
abject specimen of the bully brought to
judgment. He, who never knew mercy,
seeks mercy now. German sentiment is in
deed veered square about in the past few
weeks. A sword thrust and a gunshot, more
or less, on the western front, have brought
this monster to the mourner's bench of re
pentance. What a miracle of grace. But
the stern, sturdy, long suffering and out
raged manhood of the allied nations de
mand retribution. Not such an orgy of
bloodshed, plunder and destruction in Ger
man lands as that visited upon Belgium and
France, for the English, French and Ameri
can people simply could not commit such
outrages upon defenseless cities and their
inhabitants, but, nevertheless, a restitution
of a kind must be made by the Germans
for their infamies. They must feel a stern
and heavy hand, if not a butcher's hand,
upon their lands if they are ever to know
anything of what their soldiers visited upon
France. Only force can change the Ger
man viewpoint and frame of mind. This
war has gone too far and cost too much for
any cessation short of a just and forceful
object lesson brought home to the German
citizen at home. His repentance comes too
late.
Their Hero
There is a story the French firls in fnr off
Lorraine tell of their hero, an American sol
dier boy who lay, grcviously wounde I in a
base hospital back cf the lines. He opened
his eyes one day and looked at their fair,
fresh faci:s around him and smiled a '.van.
faint smile, and then he whispered to a?k
fcr flowers, lliey brought him an arm
ful of blossoms and he .smiled atrVin ar.d
Iried to thank them. The next chy he
r.sked if ihey would open his window so re
could hear a lark's song. They flirt w vide
the casement ?.nd the golden Irmth fin
rliinc strrv.iiicj in, lut never a bird.sonsj
c.imc from fi'.ld or pnrdon. "I he so! Jit
boy tossed in pain and villi fi owning brow
and set lips he fought the torture cf his
wounds. In his delirium he raved about
a land across the sea and a canary bird, in
the bay window of his mother's room that
used to sing golden notes from a yellow
throat. These pitying French maids of
old Lorraine were in despair as they bent
above that pallid face on the pillow and felt
the call of that brave heart for a song. And,
then, through the window came the sound
of a child's laughter. The soldier boy
turned on his pillow and his eyes shone.
"Bring her to me," he whispered. And
they brought the child, a little girl, enchant
ingly fair, and she patted his thin hand and
cooed to him and murmured the words,
"mon pauvre homme" over and over again.
The maids from Lorraine wept. The soldier
smiled, and died with the laughter of a
child on his dulling ear and the light of a
new dawn in his tired, pain dimmed eyes.
General Manage
PRESS
John R. Mott, head of the United War
Work board, is convinced that the war
work activities of the seven organizations
comprising this board must continue to be
pressed with full and increasing vigor, and
even though Germany is talking peace, this
can have no effect upon the board and
its works, for they must continue undimin
ished for a long period after peace comes.
"Military authorities say," declared Mr.
Mott, in a telegram this past week to a
Cochise county official of the United War
Work, that it will take fifteen months to
bring the Canadian army home and eigh
teen months for the Australian army. All
military authorities with whom I have con
sulted, insist it will require twelve months
after peace is declared to bring the Ameri
can army home. This demobilization pe
riod will present greater needs for our
work, and by far our greatest opportun
ity, therefore there should be no hesitation
or change in any of our campaign plans
except that of enlarging them and redoub
ling our efforts to secure, if possible, fifty
per cent over subscription."
And, come to think of it, Mr. Mott's most
practical and far sighted view of the de
mands upon and opportunities for this war
work during period of demobilization is
most strikingly true. With the strain of
battle and tenseness of active service re
laxed, and corresponding relaxation of dis
cipline and high devotion to a duty yet un
accomplished, the soldier will need the aid,
comfort and abetment of all these war or
ganizations that are pledged to serve him.
more than ever. And, no matter what they
say, actual peace is yet afar off. So the
United War Work campaign, soon to be
gin, is of most vital importance as it af
fects the welfare of our army at home and
abroad. This work, the good results of
which we have seen and have been attested
from camp and field, must be kept up to
ihe end of the war and to the end of de
mobilization, which is to say, more than a
year after the war, at any sacrifice on the
part of we who serve at home by works and
rot at the 'front bv force of arms.
Has any one heard from Wilhelm Hohen
zollern lately ? Wonder what the All High
is doing now. Last direct word from him
was when he stood on a hill near Soissons
to watch his son's army wipe all French
resistance away. That hill is now some fif
teen miles within the allied battle line, so
Wilhelm must have hastened hence. Plen
ty of Germans are doing lots of talking at
this time, but there is no word from Wil
helm. The foreign dispatches teem with
German names, but never the name of
Wilhelm H. appears therein. Wonder what
Gott's anointed is doing now.
War Work
"Let us talk peace," said the German
chancellor to the allied nations. "Talk to
Foch," replied France. "See Haig about it,"
was England's answer. "Let Pershing de
cide," said the U. S. A. And so the Ger
man chancellor sent for von Hindenburg,
and the burly German field marshal is now
writing a pece note from Berlin, and they
do say that crocodile tears blur the lines as
they flow from the point of his pen.
Knoxville Journal and Tribune: Secre
tary Daniels doesn't want any conscientious
objectors on his ships. Don't be stubborn,
Mr. Secretary. Let the fellows take a ride
on the boats until they reach the middle of
the pond and then you know.
Ar.-xor.d.i Sfmdrd: German Secretary
of Slate for Colonies b hustling desperately
to held on to what's left of his job. If he
fails, he's in danger of being cppoir.tcd
chancellor.
How a Yankee
Truck Driver
Busted " a Hun
This tale was relayed from the front
to Camp Dix, N. J., and thence to the
New York Sun. which repeats it
thus:
A.'ter depositing supplies and ammu
nition at the front, the big army trucks
were filled with German prisoners
who were to be taken to the rear. A
German captain, member of a famous
Prmsian regiment, was among the de
tail of prisoners assigned to ride in the
truck of which this particular driver
had charge. The bodies had filled the
body of a car when the driver noticed
that the captain had not joined them.
"Climb in there!" he ordered.
"Look at my uniform! Don't you
recognize that I'm a captain? You
don't expect me to ride with them?"
he said in perfect English, indicating
his erstwhile soldiers, as if they were
so many caged dogs. Then he de
manded a place on the driver's seat,
where there were already two slightly
wounded American soldiers waiting to
get back to dressing-stations.
"Nothing doing! I'm particular
about my company! Get in with
your gang, and be quick about it!"
said the Yankee.
"Throw off those American swine
and make room for me on that front
seat!" ordered the Prussian. "I'm a
captain and "
He got no further. The driver slid
a grimy fist into his pocket and whip
ped out a lig penknife, while the oth
er hand shot down, gripped the Prus
sian by the collar and a powerful arm
jerked him from the ground as .if he
bad been a child.
"Captain, eh? Well, we won't let
that worry you long! See here!" And
as he spoke, the hand with the knife
deftly clipped the insignia from the
officer's shoulders.
"You're busted!" he said. "You're
a private now! Get back in the ranks
with the rest of them!" And he drop
ped the sputtering Prussian into the
back of the truck among the other
prisoners.
We Are At War
With Entire
German People
Bishop Quale, the gentle, able, elo
quent, .Methodist churchman, thunders
from his pulpit in the church militant
against Germany and all her works
and people as foilows:
"Let us set down sternly that we
are at war with the Germans, not the
Junkers, not autocracy, not Piussian
ism, not the kaiser (spelled with a
small 'k'). All that is camouflage and
dangerous, because it obscures the
truth. The German people is what we
war with. The German people is com
mitting the unspeakable horrors which
set the whole world aghast. Ihe Ger
man people is tfot and has not been
conducting war. It is and has been
conducting murder. Hold fast to that.
The supreme court of New York de
clared the sinking of the Lusitania an
act of piracy. Piracy is not war. All
decencies, honors, humanities, interna
tional agreements, and laws have been
smashed by them day and night from
the first rape of Belgium to now. The
new atrocity which appeared this
week was spraying prisoners with
burning oil. This is Germany's most
recent jest. It makes them laugh so!"
Ran His Last Race
On the day the Yanks went across
the Ourcq and up the hill. Pvt. M. A.
Treptow of Iowa, one of the dispatch
bearers, ran his last race from the
company to the battalion. He nan
almost reached his Koal when a ma
chine gun dropped him.
Later, in the pocket of his blouse,
they found his precious diary. On its
first page, he had written something
that many a, man in his company has
sinc e copied into his own chary. It was
this:
America shall win the war;
Therefore I will work,
I will save.
I will sacrifice,
I will endure,
1 will fight c heerfully and cio my
utmost, as if the whole issue of
the struggle depended cm nie
alone.
Treptow had called this "My
Pledge," and thereto he had subscrib
ed his name.
Food Bartering
In City of Trieste
I From the It.iliari-Anieneiin News
Bureau ) .
The advertisements which have re
cently appeared in the Tries'o newspa
pers prove conclusively the lack cf
fond In that locality and the extreme
ends resorted to by the people who in
their hunger are willing to barter t-v-,
erything for enmr-h food just in exist.
Even those who, before the war. were
considered in comfortable circim
stanees, are row reduced to nl'l'erng
their nothing, jcwel-y and household
furnishings in return lor the simplest
food.
irue of the advert moments which
iip'e ared iu t!:) paper with Ihe large. I
circulation are as follows:
Should like to exchange seme
Hour for a watch dog
Bedstead of iron, second hand,
but in good condition, a pair i (
Mack trousers and a g: ! "!
cat will be exchanged fcr a mod
est quantity of eatable?
I want some linen cloth to make
a gown. Payment will be made in
money or yellow corn flour.
Am willing to exchange a quan
tity of olive oil for some stock
ings. Naturally nothing is said about the
quantity of oil or Hour offered. Anoth'
er advertisement rays:
To exchange, a tent, trimmings
for clothes, pnd a wast of black
silk for things to eat.
Another advertisement offers some
French novels for four pounds of food
of any description. Another announces
that a person would be most happy to
exchange stockings of the finest tex
ture for sugar and fat.
One person would be disposed to
sacrifice his pet goldfish for a rabbit,
and his Japanese flower vases for
beans and lard. Another offers a small
statue, "almost new," for some white
flour.
Notices which give an idea of the
cost of lood says:
Would like to exchange a bed of
the finest quality for a kilo of
coffee.
A baptismal veil will be ex
changed for kitchen oil.
A workman's blouse will be ex
changed for a pound of fat.
Poet's Corner
TO BUDDY
It's a tough fight for you. BuuY.v,
And it takes a heap ot grit
To stick and win
And keen your grin
When you're in the thick of It.
It's no cinch for yon. Buddy,
When the dreams with which you
came
Melt into naught
As you are taught
The horrid, bitter game.
It's a hard pull for you. Buddy.
And oft times it looks damned blue,
But square your chin
And vow to win.
And play the game clean through.
For there's a great time coming.
Buddy.
A time worth waiting for
When kultur's done
And all is won.
And the boys ccme home from war.
Oh. the'U be waiting. Buddy,
And the lovclight in her eye
Will shine with joy
As Her Big Boy
Goea proudly inarching by.
It's a hard road for you. Buddy,
But it's more than worth the game
To buck all fears
Sa mother's tears
Will be for joy not shame.
Cpl. Howard J. Green, Inf., in Stars
and Stripes.
County News
Tombstone and vicinity were visited
by a generous rain yesterday after
noon, which was badly needed. The
new stretch of railway recently com
ni.inir ttio Tnmhstnne-Bisbee highway
just completed will now be packed
and ready lor travel as soon us mc
bridges is completed.
Mrs. W. A. Julian left Douglas yes
terday for Miami, where she will enter
Red Cross nursing service uuiing me
epidemic. Mrs. Julian is one of the
first married nurses in the city who
has given up the comforts of their
home and entered the service of their
profession. It is a patriotic duty that
is being impressed on all women at
this time, and muc h credit is due the
trained nurses. who are giving up their
home ties for the cause of humanity.
Word has been received in Douglas
by the father of Pvt. Norman Ben
nett, who is a member of the Amer
ican expeditionary forces in France, to
the effect that Private Bennett has
been severely wounded. The young
man joined the first draft contingent
from this state at Gilbert, Arizona,
where he has a sister residing at the
present time. Private Bennett's father
resides at 142" E avenue.
The body of Alexander Smith, who
died a few days ago ai the naval hos
pital at Portsmouth, Virginia, w ill be
sent to Douglas Sunday and v. ill proii
ably arrive here Sunday or Monday
of next week, as it will lake six days
for the trip. No funeral arrange
ments can be made until the time of
arrival is definitely fived. Alexander
Smith was well known in Douglas and
is survived by his mother, Mrs. J. A.
Smith of 1211 V avenue, ar.d three
brothers, Frank. Bonnie, ar.d Eddie
Smith.
Warren F. Pile her yesterday re
ceived notification from Kay B. Krebs,
secretary of the Cochise county ex
emption board, to report at the county
seat at once and he ready for entrain
ment at Camp Stanley. Leon Sj rings.
Texas, and he v. ill have Douglas for.
Tombstone today. Mr. 1'iieher recently,
mad application for entrance into tne '
cavalry wffieers 'training c amp at I
I cm Springs and it is necessary that j
the matter of induction ho taken care 1
of by the selection board.
I
Mis. Grace (opeland and Chauncey 1
W. Moffett were quietly married Fri- j
day afternoon at the Methodist par-,
smape in Douglas, Kev. Wilbur Fisk j
officiating. Only a tew friends were!
present to w itne.-s the ceremony. Moth
Mr. unci Mrs. Mofa t are well known ;
111 ;h vallej. having ranches north of
llo.ulas on tin- lli .iiee Kotlg'.as I'lgh
war. They will be at hume atter No
vuml.er at the .Mullet ranch. Their'
many fiends extend congratulations
and best wishes lor a happy married
life.
il.irry Wil on. ho made bis spec
taeylir cm.U'c Irom an ant mobile
driven by Chict ol Police O K. Jones
oil the mottling of the Piitlevllle li- '
quor rai l .ill ! v 1; . by Ituv.ns the
tConttttutd on Paso Five)
THE HERO OF NACOZARI
While the newspper man was visit
ing bis friend, F. F. Best in the Cop
per Queen general on ices me otner
day (just before Best went off to war)
he wandered into the private office
of Walter Douglas, president of the
Phelps Dcdge corporation, and, while
waiting for Best to finish his work,
began idly to study the pictures on
the wall. One la particular arrested
his attention. It had surely been a
simple little old kodak picture taken
by an amateur in the beginning, but
now It was a splendid photograph,
enlarged and touched by a master
and mounted In a large frame. And
it showed a Mexican In his shirt
sleeves and wide brimmed hat, mount
ed on a little old burro, and this" Mex
!..!in'a faeo framed hetween the
burro's e-iormous cars. There was
nothing about this Mexican's face to
attnet especial attention. He was
just an average type of his country
man. I'nder the picture was penned
this legend: "Jesus Garcia, Hero of
Narozari."
Now the newspaper man knew that
Walter Douglas is not a man to pea
such a llorid titla on any photograph
without a most sufficient cause, so he
turned to Best and asked him the
why ar.d the wherefore or this pic
ture of this simple Mexican and his
simple burro and the heroic title, al!
hanging in state In the president's
Cilice.
"He was a hero all richt," replied
Best promptly. "A hero for true and
for fair. I don't rt member much about
it, for It all happened some eight or
ten years ago, but I remember enough
for you to get the point.
"It was away back yonder in the
days when James Douglas was mana
ger cf the mines down at Nacozarl.
Three or four cars of dynamite, or
powder, or some high explosive, had
been hauled to town for use in the
mines, and for the moment, they were
standing on the main track right in
the middle of the town. Somehow
or other they caught fire. And then
ti.ere was a panic In Nacozari. The
town seemed doomed to certain de
s!u:tion. Perfectly brave men, and
Americans among them, either raa
aimlessly to and fro or stood stock
still, helpless and hopeless of doins
anyining to save the camp. And then
this Jesus Garcia, a Mexican engine
driver, wllhout suggestion or command
irom any one. suddenly backed his
engine down to these blazing cars
iticl hustled out of the cab and hookad
tee machine to the first car anJ
climbed tack in his cab and started
ofi up the track with this terrible
freight.
"There isn't much more to tell. He
got clear of the town alright, and
around the side of the mountain be
fore the powder exploded. It blew a
hole in the side of that mountain as
bij,- as Naebzari, but the town did not
suffer a particle."
"What became of Jesus Garrla?"
asked the newspaper man, deeply In
terested in this moving tale.
"He went on with his engine ond
his cars and that powder," calmly re
plied Best. "They never could find
a trace of any of them after that ex
plosion. The newspaper man turned again
to that brown face in the picture with
the burro's ears standing up on each
side of it and looked long and earnest
ly. Who can tell of what stuff heroes
are made until the crisis cotes. Here
was quick thought and action and
sublime loyalty till brought out in the
wink of an eye in the person of this
obscure Mexican engine driver. Yes,
he was a hero, all right. Simon pure
and IS carat fine. And the newspaper
man inclined his heasl to that brown
face under the big. straw hat and be.
hind that burro's ears just the same
as though he had been a general with
gold braid and ei!l epaulettes and
nioyt.ted on ?. prancing white charger
in front of the band in a public square
vi:h marble pa'aces and throngs of
people all around him.
BAFFLING COLORS
The newspaper man and his family
drcv; down towards (Jsbor.se the othei
eH'nn; to see the sunset. When ev
erything goes wrong; when the grim
frown of the ugly mountains and the
unearthly bray of the sad faced burro,
and the prowling boldness of tbe cow
w ith the crumpled horn, anci the heavy
ban I of the influenza epidemic presses
hard upon the printers, and the prices
cii paper and postage soar higher, and
the alkali dust and the red sand be
come unbearable, THEN, the news
paper man points nis trusiy iuvver cor
a point where he can view the glory
of the sunset. A half hour spent be
fore this inspired canvas of all-surpassing
beauty and splendor and mys
tery alwas cures l.im of most of his
real anil all ot hfs fancied ills. It is
impossible to view thoe gleaming
gat .-s ajar for any length of time with
out being lilted above the petty vani
ties rnd vexations of earth.
Well, the newspaper man gzed long
at that Minset the other evening, and
then he murmured, ' it is lawndar
and old I.oe, illumined by the reft-'t-ion
of a flame."
"It is nothing c f the sort." said his
wile; "it is pink wnn a touch ol blue
in 1!."
"Are you blind'.''' sarcastically in
quired the daughter; ":t is the color of
an Ann 1 nan Beauty rose.''
"What's the matter wi'h your res?"
the sen wanted o know, and his voice
was impatient and his manner beyond
Hi re argument when he said: "It's
a kind a amber and pink ami gray col
or, and it's sure mighty fiae."
Tue iK-baie went ou at some length.
and as it progressed the western sky
changed color and shade so many
times tnat the disputants became con
tused and uncertain; finally they
, laugned ana tuen left silent wbile they
sat and watched tne last ligDts die
and colors fade in thai miracle-mystery
beyond tue western lulls.
ihe iwiiigtu came swutiy up. the
vailey and cioaked the Darren ugliness
ot tne ueseri i.Ke the janitor putting
out tue iigtiio iu a theater alter tne
piay. Auu meu came tue dark, 'and
me llivver s yeiiow aud tuckering eye
turew a aim. ray ahead along the rough
aud ratty and rocky road oack. "to
town, mat sunset, whatever it's bat
mug tint or Buitting color might hare
oeeu, nad vanisned forever and tor
aye, but it had lett a light benlnd to
suiue oetore tue eyes 01 mis pilgrim
uiu uis people tor a little whue and
lead tueui ou. Anything that is line
euufeu or great eiionn or beautnul
euougn never passes entirely away.
It leaves ueoinu sometnmg. that tor
wane 01 a better name, we call faith,
or Dupe or inspiration. And it is so
witu srne iuiks we meet along the
way auu wain wiln a lew mnes or
years and tuen pari trom lor a day or
a decaue or uuui cracK o' doom. '1 ney
are gone bul tueir presence lingers
stiU. Ihe light ot tneir eye we yet
sej, ana imperial silence can never
completely uestroy tne sound of tneir
voice nor aoence cniii tne last warm
coucn 01 their hand. Still tne memory
ui tueir Iiienusmp and their loyalty
auu tueir lauguter and their worm
bears us on.
A beautiful tint fades, a singer's
voice is still, a mend pause, but tney
did not glow or sing or love in Tain,
aeuiimeut, that singie silver cord from
ueaveu to earth, treasures these
tilings and hides them deep in the
nearu of tnose wise and humble ones
wno bow at her shrine. And senti
meut alone can make these tints gleam
. - - 1 : . I at.tlra
I agaiu 111 uur uvcb ou on iro iutau
1 chords of melody and bring back our
vanished friends from the days of long
ago. Thus mused the newspaper man
as he jogged home in the dark the oth
er night Irom his pilgrimage to the
1 Land of Sunset. He still maintains
j that it was a laveudar and old lace
I sunset, but he maintains it in his ot
; fice and not in his home.
FIRE LADDIES
MOURN A LOST DOG
A husky fireman from Bisbee de
partment No. 1 walked up to the news
paper man's desk and inquired for the
writer ot thft column. "You like
dog. I know," he said, "and so 1 Just
wanted to tell you about our doR. She
got killed the other day. Fellow driv
ing an automobile run over her. He
was driving fast, too, and he didn't
stop to see haw badly the dog he had
struck was hurt. Of course the dog
was out in the road and it was her
fault, in a way, but us boys will always
swear that fellow was driving too
fast.
"She was an airedale. that dog ot
ours, and we had had her in the de
partment ever since she was a puppy.
I want to tell you we thought as tnuch
of that dog as we did of each other.
The boys have been moping around
ever since she was killed. She nev
er missed a fire, that dog. and
she was smarter than lots ot folks. We
think she ought to have & special
obituary, don't you?"
The newspaper man surely did. Any
dog that can put a bunch of fire lad
dies in mourning because of her de
parture from this earthly realm is en
titled to more than passing mention.
A faithful, intelligent, affectionate dog
is one of the finest things in the
world. Such a dog makes human na
ture suffer in comparison, in many
wayj.
The average man is pretty cheap
and selfish and ungrateful and impa
tient and disloyal and proud, with and
without cause. But this fire depart
ment dog w ith her fuzzy head and big
brown eyes had not a single one of
these failings. She was only a dog.
but she was the queen of the Bisbee
fire station and she ruled there for the
span of her life without a rival or a
pee -. And after she had: gone (this is
the acid test) she was missed and
mourned for more than a day
The husky fireman was serious and
sad and very much in earnest. He
came to the newspaper man's den as
ambassador extraordinary from the
court of the firemen seeking for a
word and a token to mark the passing
of a dog that he and his pals were
mighty strong for in life and mourned
for in death. And the newspaper man's
heart wanned towards him. The man
who has not loved a dog has missed
something worth while along the way.
And the man who has not bent low i-y
pat a shaggy, loyal head and has not
felt cheap and small before the devo
tion and tin wavering love ot a dog's
deep, dark eyes has also missed just
that much of the few and rare associa
tions of this life that are unselfish and
always true.
! TO MAKE ANOTHER EFFORT
(Hy rteviow IhjmnT Wire)
i SAN FKANC1SCO. Oct. 19 Mai-
well McNutt. counsel o; record for
Thomas J. Mixmey, announced here to
day that he will leave for Washing
ton tomorrow to petition for a writ of
certiorari from the Vnited States su
preme court to secure a new trial for
Mooney.
MiKitiey is in San Quentin pentlen
tiarv awaiting execution as a result ot
his conviction for murder In connec
tion w ith a preparedness day bomb ex
plosion here He had been refused a
new trial by the state supreme court.
T THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW.SUNDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1918.
FIVE
J
J
Gen. Mangin Has Fought 27 Years
For France; Was 'Soul
Led Yanks On Marne,
"Soldiers, our savage enemies havej!
dared to offer us the insult of a pre-i
mature peace. Even while gathering
fresh armies they are shouting 'Kame
rad." You know their trick. But
France has answered with the roar
of your cannon and the points of your
bayonets. You have bee the faithful
ambassadors of the republic. She
thanks you."
It was at the time of the Rumanian
debacle in the Dobrudja that General
Mangin, already the hero of Verdun,
wrote that beautiful page.
'Before the war" never existed for
2r cjh Mangin. War is his element
; s i. e sea is the sailor's element. He
L a man of war a war made man.
lie is from Lorraine, as Micheler,
d'lrbal, Maud-huy and Marshal Ney.
Two of his uncles were generals of
the Second Empire. Two brothers fell
in battle, one at Tonkin and one fn
Mauritania. A younger one, a mis
sionary of the orjer ot me wnue
Fathers, is now a sergeant in Sene
galese company.
At 23 he was graduted from the
military school, St. Cyr, and he has
been in war constantly the 27 years
since then. Every promotion from sub
lieutenant to general of the army has
come to him on the field of battle. An
occasional leave for a few months has
been his only vacation from war since
his cadet Jays.
Ia th-s days of peu-e ho foucLt more
often than the soldiers of Napoleon
and campaigned more widely than
they in their battles from the Pyra
mids to Moscow, Sahara, Dahomey,
Sudan, Congo, Lake Tchad, Mauretan
ia, AUrar, he fought everywhere with
Archinard, Dodds. Gouraud, M.trchaiul,
Lyante in expiri.i-ins ti nt make the
stories of the old explorers seem
tame. How many battles? Who knows?
Wounds? Well, three at Diena, Sudan,
in February, 1890, one at Bosce, Su
dan, in 1&92, and the last in Morocco
in 1913.
Except for a few years in Toukin,
his life has been spent in the exploring
of the vast black continent. And the
result of those perserving decades of
French exploration: Au empire, a new
France of 20,000,000 souls, larger than
all Europe and extending our own na
tion beyond the Mediterranean, form
ing a single nation from the Sambre
to the Congo.
For the French army Africa has
been the school of action and of organ
ization. We have seen the parts played
by a Joffre, a Gallieni, a Mangin. Col
onial methods have been held some
what in contempt, but they are vindi
cated. Into the War as Brigadier
The world war found Mangin at
Laon in command of a brigade. He ad- j
vanced to Namur and fought in the I
campaign mat ended in the victory at
the Marne. He fought in Artois,
around Reims and at Vinney, and in
April, 1918, he was at Verdun.
For forty-five days the earth had
trembled under the terrific artillery
fighting. The attack, which had been
on the two flanks, was resumed at the
center, and we had lost Caillette wood.
The enemy was sifting through the
Babil ravine toward Vaux. Mangin's
fierce Normandy division was ordered
to retake Caillette wood and it was
retaken.
Checker at Caillette, the Germans
stormed upon Dead Man's hill. To re
lieve his left Nivelle, the new com
mander, threw Mangin's division
against Douaumont en his right. Dou
aumcnt was taken ,then retaken, but
the enemy, gripped by the throat, had
to call in reserves and Nivelle's left
was saved.
Mangin's Normans were the only
division, in that four months of battle,
which was not content to hold, but
which actually gained. They proved
that attack is the bebt defense. For
Elonewall resistance; for heroic wait
ing under the thunders of hell; for the
famous watchword of France, "They
shall not pass," they substituted, "For
ward:" And where superhuman de
fense had failed to make the enemy
give it up, attack turned him from his
prize.
The time had come for Xivelle's
army to pass from tho defense to the
attack and Mangin, then a corps com
mander, was in the Froideterre sector.
"June 23 the Germans attacked fiercely
at Froideterre and gained some
ground, but the next day they were
stupefied to find 'hi inseives attacked.
The Fury of Verdun
Tho: fury, the desperation, the car
nage, of that battle can never be
known. Germany, pressed by the Bri
tish menace, was determined to finish
with us and have her hands free. En
raged by months of defiance, she gath
ered for a frenzied onslaught. As
:-v'
, '-" 2 . i' -.V ., -,
Toilet Preparations
Employ the services of MarincIIo
Beauty Sproaufts. bnty the gatislac
tion oi knowing you kick your best
There is a MarincHo Preparation
and a Msrmciio Tr-.n,i t esnerinlly
edaMrrl to your piv-.tl tip(! r iuiblt
prrj-aratwnsvitl'tf tr -itmn IriRt
will j-v Hop theWoxKiee ot beauty
jhit lung fur.
McDonald's Marinclo Cli?p
Fhor-e SOS
A REGULAR
General Mangin is a short, thickset man, his closely cropped hair brist
ling straight up on his head. He has the large nose of an eagle and flash
ing black eyes.
"The American troops," he said, "have done wonderfully well. My
staff officers and observers tell mo that they have never seen such slaugh
ter of Germans since the beginning of the war, even in Flander3 in 1914,
in the firr.t battle of the Marne, and in the worst days at Verdun. The
enemy's dead are mute evidence of the accuracy of the French and Ameri
can artillery fire."
The Yank's baptism of fire at Chateau Thierry was a part of the of
fensive launched by General Mangin's French army and ever since those
glorious July days American regiments have fought under the brilliant
French soldier, who has uncesingly hammered at the German lines. An
article in a recent issue of Lectures Pour Tous, a Paris magazine, tells of
General Mangin's career. Excerpts are here translated:
for us, we were no less determined
not only to stop the attack, but to
shake loose the grip of the enemy and
drive him from Verdun. The story of
the struggle between two wills, equal
ly fierce, cannot be told. Neither story
nor painting can carry any conception
of it to one who did not see it. The
very earth itself still shows a picture
of it and breathes out its rightfulness.
It was a quiet spot, sheltered by hills
on the summits of which were trees to
block the winter winds. There were
little valleys, ravines, and through it
all rich orchards. Today not a tree.
not even a stump ana not a tuft of
grass; everywhere the appearance of
mountains, of Alpine glaciers, as if
some colossal spasm Nature had up
turned the countryside; had torn it
from the rest of the earth and piled ii
in jagged heaps.
On these bharp points the enormous
weight of the desperate German at
tack had to be met and broken. This
task of Sisyplus lasted two months.
Not a day without attack or counter
attack. Thiaumout was the prize. The
battle raged back and forth over it
Lost June 23, attacked June 24 and 2i
and retaken June 30 by the Gumbach
brigade; lost, taken and lost again
twice in the same day; retaken the
next day and lost again. Then, July
11, the retreat ct the Germans on
Souviile. the less of Fleury, tho mur
derous fight for the church of Sainto-
Fine. Then came the most critical
moment of the whole orgy of blood.
July 19, Mangin steadied his lines and.
as always, he at once attacked. Hj
took Pondriere and ou0 prisoners :nd
August 3 Thiaumout and Fleury witn
10(r0 prisoners. The next beche on-
MEN WANTED BIG PAY
EASY SPARE-TIME WORK
We want an energetic man in each
locality to introduce our line. Per
manent positions; pay up to $40 a
week to start. Opportunity to become
our branch managers with excellent
salary or commission.
The work is pleasant: no invest
ment or previous experience is neces
sary to secure one of these fine posi
tions. We explain and furnish every
thing. If you are a hustler and appro
ciate an unusual opportunity ta make
big money, we want you and wiil pay
you well. Start in spare time ean-.
more in one or two hours each evening
than you do now for a full day's work.
Promotion to full-time position as
branch manager will be ottered as
soon as you demonstrate your earn
estness. Make application at once,
stating age. We will reply by return
mail, giving full instructions for start
ing the work. The Ruby company. De
partment 496, Como Bldg., Chicago
liL ???
PHILADELPHIA GETS PERRY
(By Review Reused Wire)
BOSTON, Oct. 19. The Philadelphia
American League baseball club ob
tained undisputed claim to Pitcher
Scott Perry today by paying $2,500 tc
the Boston National League club ir.
settlement out of court of the Bostoi
club's contention that Perry was tht
property of the Braves when the Ath
j letics obtained au injunction againsi
I bis playing for Boston. The Philadel
I phia club liad the use of Perry all last
stason.
TOO LATE. TO CLASSIFY
BKANCH MANAGER WANTED
For clu established Chicago concern.
Wo furnish full stock of goods, ad
vertising iniitter, and equip store :
complete'', in gcod l;ation, all at j
our expense and pay you $4u a week ;
salary, in audition to liberal shait
of the prolits your store tarns. Work
can be started in spare time. No in
vestment or previous experience
necessary to secure this position. 11
yoi aro a hustler and want an op
portiiiiity to make $"i(mm to $15,000 t
year we want you and will pny )ou
well fioiu the siJi't. rfi r.d me you,
application today. S. i-evy, M:.r.
I), parttneiit '''' O.n.o Bldg., Chi
cago. I!!.
STOCK SALESMAN
has i pi'tini lor live
s!oi k ; a'i s:i, v. to
1. which -o. t i:s
Fii"i!ic:;il hotisi
floou p. r montl.
.oilow no livi
l:om Slo to U-
?;.: in bOioH towiu;. Strong sell
it. ; issue, li'jvf; active c ntlor: cmec
of many prominent ir.cn. 2" to 3
Pads wh'ii
con' inuiilly.
r ni..il. A
2 '.' J ( !rr - v.
talesman aris inon
Kxi ( Kent
reference;
.M-.-ag.-l
Chic-;
ill.
FO!'
in
n o::. lu:
Ti i ins.
i -lc i ii(;tisi
i ni- Blccl
21i
laiM I : i.le
iu
1
.I.E Oi
i.i l of (ir il I oi
if s ih- '" acres l valley land
in- Las Cnices. X .M J7i an ain
iMiou:-r.v-l Imt l"vi'l. leii'.'d ami
w.iien-d. V.'i'l M-ll any i-i;.'.' (Met
f oai :i ci i i up, on I rins. If in
t" ( ! i il.tii l write. (.,;i'e lo tee thf
liad at oil' e. J H. Higdou, LI Paso
Texas. Zl'i
of Verdnn;'
Laon Fron ts
WAR EAGLE
slaught drove him out, but in vain, for
July 17 Fleury was definitely taken by
the glorious demons of the Regnier
regiment. The stubborn will of the
French astonished, nonplussed and
discouraged the crown prince's men.
In tVo months of breathless fighting
Mangin had finally taken the offensive
from the enemy. Desultory attacks
were the only reply and the Germans
accepted failure.
Then Came Mangin's Turn
Did Mangin, then, leave to the ene
my Vaux and Douaumont? Did he
leave them masters of the towns they
had overwhelmed? In two days Oc
tober 24 and December 15 in two
strokes of prodigious audacity and
good fortune, he tore from them what
it had taken them eight months to
gain. He hurled back a beaten army
to the lines of February; took 12,000
prisoners; tremendous stores; wrek
ed twelve divisions and left the ene
my with no gain to show for a sacri
fice of 700,000 soldiers, its prestige
broken and its faith in its "Goti"
shaken.
The honor for the victory is shared
equally by the sublime zauaves, chas
seurs, coloniels, engineers and artil
lerymen who once again stirred the
world; and to
the commanders, the
brain that had conceived and direeteu.
The troops were the body which acted
and the staff the head which tnoaht,
but Mangin was the soul of that never-to-be-forgotten
battle.
His secret? A will and a patienie
that nothing shakes, not even the Teu
ton wiil to victory. His is a boldness
that risks only thia:,t he knows to
be possible; prodigious, but possible.
He has also a searching care for de
tails, learned in three decades of war,
a talent for knowing when the mo
ment has come, ability to teach his
lieutenants and a faith which nothing
can shake.
And he has that which we call a
"star." September 7, 1914, a German
shell killed three men and four horses
of the group in w hich he was. May 22,
1916, at Douaumont shrapnel shattered
five of his staff who surrounded him,
but left him untouched. October 24,
191G, after several bright days, a fog
suddenly veiled his army as it was
ready to rush on Douaumont. At 2
o'clock, when the tricolor was lioating
over the retaken city, the fog lifted
and a sun as brilliant as that of Sudan j
smiled on the young chief and gilded
his victory.
Ti '.ihirrnrf" r .-2
IJhDiM
LAST
WILL" OF KAISER WSLHELM
ESENTED IN THE SUPERIOR COURT
HI
W nat is alleged to be the last
wiil and testament of William Second, ment of military necessity and Ger
the last of the ilohenzollenis, was man Kulture.
jdrawn up by a cieik in a local abstract ! ijEM SEVENTH: To the con
office and presented to the clerk of teuiptible Republic of France, I will,
I the superior court for filing. The re-! bequeath and devise destruction, de
markable document follows: pendence. national bankruptcy and dis-
IGotl strale England: integration, annihilation of the hope
j Mein Gott, Amiens: j of democracy, together with the infiic-
I I, William of Ilohenzuiiern, by the i tion of every punishment, insult and
grace of God, King of Prussia and Em- j degradation conceived in the mind of
; peror of Germany, including ail Ger- the Hun and perpetuated by the hand
' mans now living, being of sound and ! of the Vandal.
disposing mind and memory, and not I n'EM EIGHTH: To the world in
acting under menace, lraud or the uu- general, I will, bequeath and devise a
due influence of any person whomso- contemptuous hatred of all that is be
ever, though somewhat skeptical as re-1 nevolunt, beiicfieient, glorious and up
gards my tailing ability to successfully !liIt;ng witn an insatiable desire to
rule that portion of the universe re- j grjnu beneath the Vandal heel every
joicing under the euphoueous appella-1 VirtUe. hone, love and virtue and the
j tion ' Earth," without the assistance of
GoLt, do make, puhlisli and declare
i this uiy last wiil and testament (here
by revoking and making null and void
any and ail other wills by me at any
timj made) in the manner following,!
that is to say: j
ITEM ONE: To my beloved sou,
Priiu Eitel Fredericn. down-prince
and hot-air-apparent. 1 will, bequeath
and devise my invulnerable Hot Air
.
t.red, trusting that he will use the
le.snuss which so distinguished his im-
mortal paternal ancestor, and with it 1
my personal blessings and the aumoni-'
tion, "Gott Mitt L'n." . 1
ITEM TWO: To ray beloved sou, I
Prinz Joachim, I will, bequeath mid de- 1
vise my invincible Barrel of Liquid '
Wind, heretofore used throughout the I
habitable world with such gusto in the
interest of German prowess and !
achievement, with the sinceiest wish I
and trust, that, if possible, that there
with he may perform more wonderful j
illusions and imposisble stunts than j
those which have so exalted his illus-1
trious progenitor.
ITEM 1HREE: To my beloved!
son, Prinz Oscar, I will, bequeath and
devise my Imaginary Airship, hereto -
fore launched with such mephistcphe -
lian ferocity against the heathen
j hordes w ho have opposed the divme,
destiny of our dear lalheiiand,- with
the wish, that, the fatherland failing
on land and sea, my dear Oscar may
be In the air achieve according to my
oath to the fatherland, all those glor
ious victories which shall cause the
world to revere and vvneiaie German ' ow"a D n,lu- nvny aruieu anu in a
Kultur. i niood to defy anyone seeking to place
ITEM FOUR. To my esteemed ll,m umier rrt:it- 11 appears, how
friend and co-conspirator, His Inleruar evor' that he was apprehended with
Majesty, Abdul Hamid, Sultan of all I out difficulty.
Turks, the eternal enemy of the infi- j
del, and the keeper of tne covencuts Harold Bassett Sisk, well known
of Allah, i wiil, bequeath and devise man about Douglas, stock salesman
to Two Pink Monkeys, Trotzky audi and manager of the Arizona Auto Ac
Lenine. ! cessories company, was before Judge
ITEM FI E: To my personal
friend and ally, Karl Hapsburg, by the
grace and pleasure of tht King of '
Prussia, Emperor of Austria-Hungary, j
where all are hungry and diity, 1 will,
bequeath and devise my Four White I
i Goats, Von Hindenburg, Von Hertling,
j Von Hintze and Sauer Kraut, Raus Mit j
'Em! j
ITEM SIX: To that insignificant j
kingdom, Belgium, which designed to J
' resist the ruthless militarist aspira-'
tions of the Sutherland, I will, be-1
queath and devise misery, famine, bru-!
tality, defamation and death in full ;
Aiienkeet
Protection for all Arizona's people.
Prosperity and peace in the industrial
and agricultural districts.
Prompt and just payment of industry's
obligations to society.
Power to the wheels of progress!
Passage of Amendment 100 requires your individual sup
port. . WORK for it VOTE for it Put it "over the top."
INFORMATION BUREAU, ARIZONA WORKMEN'S COMPENSATION LAW Kolsom Moore, rrcsident; J. K.
Curry, Secretary; jirc lurs: W. V. Mahoney, State. Senator Mohave- County, Oatman, Arizona: Amlrew Kimball,
Chairman State Board of Trade, Thatcher, Arizona; Iw A. NUkcrson. Manager fciciglnaw-Manistoe Lumber Com
pany, Williams Arizona: John L. LVmnelly, ox-rresidont Arizona State Federation of Labor, Phoenix, Arizona;
O. M. Colvocorrssrw, Oeneral Manager Consolidated Arizona Smelting Company, Humboldt. Arizona; J. li Curry,
Secretary Arizona Chapter Ameiican Minins Consrc&j.lihibcc, Arizona; 1'oli.om Moore, Tucson Typographical
Cnion, Tucsou. Amoua.
. measure according to the wise judg-
reduction of the world forever to a
vassalage of imperialistic and mili
tary German Kultur.
WILLIAM, THE HUN.
The above instrument was on the
date hereof signed, sealed, published
unrl ii. dared liv William Second, the
last of the Houenzoilerns, as and for
; his labt will all( testament, and we, at
his rejuesl all(i In his presence and in
i the prt.sence of eacu other have here-
I unto suoscriueu oui names as u-
ne ou thirtieth day of Sep-
lumber, in the your of our Lord one
thousand, nine hundred and eighteen,
and in the dawn of universal liberty,
peace and brotherhood.
POINCAIKE. FRANCE,
GEORGE. ENGLAND,
WOODKOW, A.MEKICA,
ALBERT, BELGIUM.
County News
(Continued from Page Four)
wheel of the speeding car and leaping
to the grond, endangering the iife of
tho chief, was arrested in Denting last
; " "suay i.y ueym i.neuv ui ji
! aent9' Wilsuu Previously had given
: 20u0 bail far appearance in federal
C0U!l on f tnarge oi selling narcouc
prepared to give bail ou the liquor
case as well. It is said tnat acquain
tances of Wilson in Douglas had made
the statement that the fugitive was
supposed to be ou a ranch property
D. T. Dunlap this morning on two
charges preferred by John C. McCun-!
niff. One ciiarge is obtaining $100 by
false pretenses, presumably through j
the sale of stock, though nothing is I
said about this in the complaint. It!
is alleged that Sisk represented that j
the Arizona Auto Accessories com- j
pany. Inc., was the owner of the lot'
and building at the corner of Eleventh
and F, the property being fully paid j
for and without encumbrance or lieu,
which was not the case. The other
charge accuses Sisk of embezzling
$400 of the company's funds. By agree-
II-
ment of council, the preliminary hear
I ing was postponed for thirty days,
! Sis furnishing a bond. This will give
I time for au audit of the company's
books.
j W. II. Webster, who returned home
i last Wednesday from a stay of about
a mouth in the east, said that while
'away he saw only a few days of suu-
shine a::u that it was a lelief to get
j back to cloudless days and temperate
weather. 1 n intlueiiza epidemic, he
said was tor more serious in the east
ern t-tiitej tnau here, but, despite the
handicap imposed by strict health reg
ulations, it seemed that the Liberty
loan would be put "over the top." Mr.
Webster was in Washington, and by
getting a gallery seat privilege from
Senator Mark Smith, was in the sen
ate chamber when President Wilson
mado his plea to the solons for the
passage of the equal suffrage resolu
tion. ' Washington is growing very
rapidly," lu .-..id, "and the increase ot
population there is estimated at 15,000
a week. 11 j had no complaint to make
against the train service, and said the
dollar meals bt-rved on the dining cars
were satisfactory.
According to word given out in
Tombstone yesterday the Calumet &
Arizona Mining company of Bis bee
had taken a bond and option on the
Leadville Copper company at Court
laud, the deal having been closed yes
terday. The deal is said to be for a
consideration of $300,000 and is to '
run tor a period of ninety days, when !
the property will be taken. This is
said to mean much for the prosper ty
of Courtkmd and it f, .imt r,r,ai
that the property will be taken over
8ince many hundred thousands tons
,ot high grade copper ore are in sight,
with many tons blocked out ready to
be hauled to the surface. It is known
j that Win. Holmes, president of the j
company, has been working on the I
deal for some time and the announce-1
ment today was not unexpected. At I
Courtland it is reported a newer feel
ing of confidence has been renewed
i in the camp, which will mean better
. things for the "second Bisbee."
Now isn't it about time for the
kaiser to make another of those
speeches of encouragement to the
Krupp workers. Kansas City Times.
Riieyi?iatic Pains
QUICKLY i:.STD BY PENETRAT
ING HA.V.iM3 WIZARD OIL
A safe, harmless and ct?cct!ve
preparation to relieve the pains of
RheiTiiatism, Sciatica. Lame Back
and Lumbago is Hamlin's Wizard
Oil. It coniains no chloroform or
other dangerous drugs but is com
posed of the most expensive of
healing oils. It penetrates quickly,
drives out the soreness, and lim
bers up the stiff, aching joints and
Muscles.
Wizard Oil is a good, dependable
preparation to keep in the medicine
chest for first aid when the doctor
may be far away. You w ill find al
most daily uses for it in cases of
sudden mishaps or accidents such
as sprains, bruises, cuts, burns,
bites and stings. Just as reliable,
too. for earac'.ij, tr-c.'.hache, croup
and colic.
Cipt a botilo f
i'c m"! um1 lti n
"r-i:r tlr-.iNt for
il'-lr.c. If not "itlr!-
11 It- hirk I., liii.i nod
itlsli.'.l t.ikv the ti
he will return your mr.t-y.
or si.-k h'i liu' iry I'pmlin Wlzirl
i.ivr Whip. .1 s:st i-'e-'-nt l:rtte pinic
pll.'a at Urgs.tH lo: Cluurunli-,.1.
COUGHING SPELS
BREAK YOUR REST
Put a stop to them with old
reliable Dr. King's New
Discovery That raw, hoarse throat must b
toothed. That phlestra-baded chest
must be loosened. That cough must
be checked so you caa sleep.
Dr. King's New Discovery hzs beea
relieving colds, nd coughs for half a
century without tne least disagreeably
aftcT-cTects.
Ycur druggist has it because it t
well-known and in big demand. 60c
and $1.20.
Try thla for Constipation
Keep tie bowels oa schedule time
with Dr. King's NewLi.re Piila, the
system freed from poisonou3 waites,
the complextion e'ear, the stomach;
jrweet, the tonpne uncoated, the breath
untainted. Mild yet positive. 25c
The price of SILVER has main
tained a gradual but persistent ad
vance. The figures are as follows:
1915. 49.69c per oz.
19l6.. 65 66c per oz.
1917.... 81.40c per oz.
Kirdt 3 inon. 1913.... &9.47cperoz.
Second 3 mos. 1913....$1.0O peroz.
August 15th 1913.jl.01H peroz.
While it is agreed that the law ot
suppiy and demand ia likely to
drive the price still higher, it is also
admitted that the recently fixed
price of 1.01 4 an ounce U favor
able enough:
1. To enable producers to earn
greater profits than ever before.
2. To permit of treating old tail
ings at a profit which previously
would have meant a loss.
3. To encourage prospecting, ex
ploration and development.
If the present and future outlook
for SILVER does not Fpell "SIL
VER BOOM" and a great oppor
tunity for spcculatice profits in Sil
cer stocks we are much mistaken
in cur market forecast.
Tho policy of Dunbar & Com
pany to recommend stocks is only
producing properties. We have
our clients to follow carefully the
Silver Stocks and to take advant
age cf the speculative and invest
ment opportunities offered by them.
NIPISSLNG
COBALT SILVER STOCK
Despite heavy production, which
has meant heavy dividends for the
stockholders, reports indicate new
ore ia sight which will equal that
which has already been taken out
Nippising is having little difficulty
in maintaining ore reserves around
8 to 9 million ounces. Since our
last report was made on Nippising
the Company has paid its regular
dividend and an additional $ 2j
dividend.
SILVER KING '
Excellent report continue from
this property, and there is little
doubt that SILVER KING OP ARI
ZONA has demonstrated its ability
to "come back" and now occupies
a conspicuous place in the silver
mining Industry. Shares in SIL
VER KING are hard to acquire as
they are taken when offered. In
our last advice to clients we recom
mended immediate purchase at 50c
-they are now selling at around 70c,
with a BID at all times in the mark
et at 65c. The latest report on
SILVER KING mailed on applica
tion. WHITE MOUNTAIN
SELLING AT 7 zc
We OWN and CONTROL a block
of the stock which we are offering
to clients at "'aC. A full report on
this property and camp and assays
mailed on application.
WHITE iOl NTAIN" SILVEIt
shares should be acquired at this at
tractive price of 7' c per sl:are
now.
C.It. Geo. I). Slow-street for- i
merly Inspector of Mip.es in the
Transvaal. South Africa is presi
dent of tl.e Company, and his re
cent report to the stockholders has
!u.-: been made puh'ic . lie aks for
an appropriation of approximately
$I2,OCO.OC. for a concentrator, and
apprcxinatcs a daily profit for the
Company with this new concen
trator oi S2.9C0.0O.
The Ccmpar.y has 3C.0C0 tons of
en pr.ctk-ji'v ri veh p d v. it',: a,
pi s: ihilitv of 2CC0CO ton witii very
lit;i' additional work.
Ti e Company Is .-f -kin it bi-1-?rade
cr" at t!.i? present time
a!ue:-. ranging as .':L:U as $C3.0
to C12 ton.
THIS PROPERTY IS A MINE,
.iiid with very little money tan i:
Put on a s'jb.ctii iiial diwdend pay
..i, fc'.sis.
DUNE3AR MARKET LETTER
will le :!.': i'!:r.-if charae t
thos" who w.!! v, r:t' Thr? l-'t'-r
reports on producinc nroperriei
ONLY. It ri-ai especially woh
Arizona stocks, but covers Califor
nia, W yi. in ing ui.-i i:i f:iet nun'ioti
H! M!H-e -i-v v , - .
a;.ji-!oi wr.h ti-i :r i ".: : V;r
Dunl nr. r- s r c r I .'
C '.- !-. i. He! know i i-i r;-.r ;.
in l lire ti: i :is 'i"w.".i
:! i o:itu c.ton u,' o...'c Ct; :,
l:o v. oi U.
BROKERS
MAR!( DUNS:;, K' i.kj-t
BOX 52 : PHOEM 2.", N SIX
T
City Briefs
Has anyone visited you? Or
have you entertained? If so, call
Tbe Re iew after 6 p. m. and tell
the Society Editor, phone 39.
'
WAS IN CITY.
S. W. McCaa, a cattle dealer of
Douglas, was ia the city yesterday on
a short business trip.
TAKEN TO HOSPITAL.
J. C. McBride of Johnson addition,
was taken to the C. & A. hospital yes
terday suffering from an attack of
the influenza.
IN AVIATION SERVICE.
I.. (5. Ja kson yesterday received
word that his son. Hen. had entered
the aviation section of the U. S. army
and had left San Francisco for San
Diego to enter training.
FUNERAL THIS AFTERNOON.
Jacob Caitmel. who died of nephritis
Friday afternoon at the Copper Queen
hospital, will be buried this afternoon
at 2 o'clock from the Palace parlors.
The Rev. Jacob White will officiate.
FF.OM TOMBSTONE.
Postmaster Paul Smith of Tomb
stone was in the city yesterday on a
short business visit. He mr.de his
usual call on John Twomney, the pro
jrietor of Tammy Hall, in Hrewery
Gulch. He will return home today.
UNDELIVERED TELEGRAMS.
The following undelivered telegrams
are at the Western Union for Calvin
Motley, Azra Jones, Torrio Sprasa,
Robt. M. Capien, Mrs. B. Aslley, J.
I. Darby. Thomas Duffey, Ernest F.
Curky, s. E. Bledsoe, Beatrice Allen.
CANANEA RESPONDS NOBLY.
Word received from Canaea late
last evening was to the effect that
the total amount of the Liberty loan
subscriptions there had reached $SV
900. This showing is remarkable
when it was listed from only 311 sub
scribers. DIES OF PNEUMONIA.
W. A. Rooney died yesterday after
noon at the C. & A. hospital after a
short illness of pneumonia. The de
ceased is survived by a wife and child
residing in this city, both of whom are
very ill at their home in Winwood
addition. Arrangements for the funeral
have not yet been made.
CALLED AS WITNESSES.
L. C. Shattuck. Lem Overlook, S.
K. Williams and E- A. Tovrea have
be?n subpoened to Phoenix to testify
an the case of the State vs. James
Upchurch, who is to be tried in that
city next Thursday. Uchurch is
charged with an assault. He formerly
resided in Cochise county.
RELEASE QUESTIONNAIRES.
The local board has received notice
that Provost Marshal Crowder has re
leased questionnaries for the men, 37
to 46 and 18 years of age classes un
der the new draft order, and will be
gin to mail them out as soon as the
classification of other 'groups is com
pleted. MARRIED IN TOMBSTONE.
T. J. Bledsoe, a well-known miner
of this city, and Miss Rose Osborn,
who has been employed in the local
office of the Mountain Slate Telep
hone comnany, were married in Tomb
stone Friday by Rev. Stark of the
Congregational church, the couple
have returned here to make their fu
ture home.
UIES AT HOSPITAL.
E. G. Barber, a miner of Bisbee,.
died late Thursday afternoon at the
county hospital, where he had been ill
for a short time. He was about 38
years of age, and has a sister, Mrs. R.
j. McGin, residing in Denver. The
body was taken to the A. A. Ferguson
undertaking parlors in Douglas and
funeral arrangements will be deferred
until Mrs. McGin is heard from.
IN THE HUACHUCAS.
James Kelly was In the city yester
day from the Huachuca mountains.
He states that the influenza has
reached the camp at the Exposed Reef
and that there are over 40 cases there
among the Mexican laborers. So far
there have- been no deaths, but he
was afraid that with the coining cold
weather that there would be many.
No Americans have been taken down
with the disease in that locality so
far.
SAID HE WAS AUSTRIAN.
August Marchettl was arraigned
before United States Commissioner
Edwin F. Jones on the charge of mak
ing a false statement when he reg
istered for the draft. He then swore
he was an alien enemy, an Austrian,
but it was brought out that a search
of bis effects discovered his naturali
zation papers as an American citizen.
He registered at Lowell, Ariz. He was
bound over to the United States dis
trict court under bond of $1,000.
GENERAL RAIN.
Bisbee was visited yesterday about
the noon hour by a good downpour,
which amounted to about half an inch
of rpin. There was some hail mixed
with it and the fall was sufficient to
cause the canyons to run. It will be
of good benefit to clear the atniOB
phero and help the grippe conditions
if the weather warms up. The rain
was general throughout the county,
according to reports received last
night. A heavy fall of hail occurred
in Tombstone which covered the
ground. The rain was heavy in the
surrounding mountains. The benefit
to the county will be great.
REV. COMPTON RETURNS.
The Rev. H. C. Compton returned
yesterday from San Antonio, Tex.,
where he lias ben for the past week
owing to the illness ot Is son, Will
iam. William has been very ill in
the has,i hospital at Fort Sam Hous
ton suffering from pneumonia, de
veloped from the influenza. "Parents
with sons at Fort Sam Houston need
not worry about them," said Rev.
("ompton, "for every medical attention
and care possible is given to them and
evn if the boys were ill at home,
better care could not be given them."
Maw Kellum lias granted a 30-day
furlough to every soldier who has had
the ii.flneuza or pneumonia, and th"
goes into effect on each soldier's re
iovery. William Compion's condition
lias improved greatly and as soon as
he is able to be about again will come
here and spend his furlough.
McBRIDE IS HELD.
According to advices received here
yesterday, Roosevelt McBride. better
known as vTeddy,' 'has been arrest
ed in Tucson on the charge of stealing
an automobile belonging to A. Ross
i of that city. He was given a prelimi
i nary hearing and then bound over to
the suDerior court under bond of Jf.OO.
The automobile was valued at $14,000
and has been recovered. McBride is
known here, having attended the
dances held at the Warren park last
summer, where he was envolved in a
shooting scrape.
OBSERVE REGULATIONS.
. In preparing Christmas boxes for
the hoys overssvis. people are warned
to observe strictly the regulations
made by th postoffice authorities,
which prohibit sending them any
spirituous, vinous, malted, fermented,
or other intoxicating liquors; all kinds
of poison or articles and compositions
containing poisons; explosives of all
descriptions, inflammable materials,
including friction matches; infernal
machines, mechanical, chemical or
other devices or compositions which
may ignite or explode; liquid's or li
quitiable articles, fragile articles and
admissible matter when not properly
racked in accordance with the postal
laws and regulations.
MARRIAGE LICENSES. .
The following bliss tickets were
issued out of the office of Clerk J. E.
i James of the superior court during
the week. Basil N. Berkler, Douglas,
to wed Ora Cowgill, Marion, 111.; T.
J. Bledsoe to wed Rose Osborn, Bis
bee; Alfred J. Lorimer, Ft. Huachuca,
to wed Uatricia Shanahan, Chicago;
Jesus J. Talfoya to wed, Petra Her
nandes, Douglas; Jose Chevia to wed
Jesusa Ybarra, Douglas; Jasper P.
Stetson to wed Maud Brown, Doug
las; Jesus M. Chavez to wed Maria
C. Martinez, Pirtleville; C. F. Bell
to wed May me Park, Bisbee; Ernesto
Alvarez to wed Carmen" Fonte3, Doug
las; Channcey Mofitt to wed Grace
Copeland. Douglas; Francisco Rio to
wed Rosa Felix, Douglas; Mariano
Artlz to w-ed Teresita Harajas. Doug
las; John Muthart to wed Evelyn
Williams, Douglas; Leon Gennises to
wed Mr3. Gertrude Morrison, Fresno,
Cal.
BISBEE BOY LEADER
BAND AT U. OF A.
According to word received here
yesterday, Alfred Truscott, well known
in this district, and who Is at present
at the University of Arizona, Is coming
to the front as a musician. Several
items taken from the "Wild Cat," a
weekly published by the students at
the university, have been received
here by the local friends, and speak
of the concerts given by the univers
ity band of which Alfred is the chief
director.
Truscott is a Bisbee boy, having
lived here for many years, and is a
graduate of the Bisbee high school of
the class of '17 and has always played
in the school orchestras. He went
to the university last year, where he
later joined the students' training
army corps, and since that time he
has taken a great interest in the many
concerts held at the university. "All
band concerts given on the campus
are led by Truscott," states the week
ly, "who shows by the performance
that he is well fitted for the handling
of the job. The university band itself
has been recently organized under the
direction of Alfred Truscott, who Is
acting as its leader and although the
band has not had much time for prac
tice as yet, the music helps toward
entertaining 700 people now living on
tbe compus."
NEW RESTAURANT
RULES MONDAY
About 30,000 patrons of public eat
ing houses in Arizona will be affected
by a new hotel and restaurant pro
gram announced by the federal food
administrator for Arizona, which goes
into effect next Monday.
The general plan has been reduced
to 12 "General Orders." These orders
prohibit the serving oi uny bread that
does not contain at least 20 per cent
of wheat flour substitute, and of this
Victory bread no more than twd
ounces may be served to a patron at
one meal. No bread or toast may be
served as a garniture. Bacon is also
barred as a garniture, and only one
meat may be served to a patron at a
meal. A teaspoonful of sugar is the
limit for a meal. Other restrictions
are contained.
Unnecessary suppers, teas, luncheons
and banquets will be discouraged, and
simplified service, with meat and veg
etables on one plate, is urged. Stress
is laid, however, upon the fact that
the fond administration does not wish
curtailment in the use of milk for
i children.
Patriotic proprietors of public eat
ing places demand enforcihle rules for
(heir own protection against the
slacker in their business. The federal
food administrator for Arizona an
nounces he will enforce these orders
against those not sufficiently patriotic
to follow them voluntarily.
DIRECTOR SELECTED
Pv Review T,ast Wlr
WASHINGTON, Oct. 19 The demo
cratic congressional campaign this
fall will be directed by Homer S. Cum
mings of Connecticut, vice-chairman
of the democratic national committee,
an announcement tonight said.
REGISTRATION OF
NURSES IN THE
WARREN DISTRICT
SEVENTY-FOUR WOMEN RESPOND
TO GOVERNMENT CALL FOR
NURSES MISS FORSHAY IS AP
POINTED CHAIRMAN OF COMMITTEE
The registration of nurses which
commenced on October 10, and clused
last' Thursday, brought within its
list a number of seventy-four women
who responded to this military mea
sure, directed by General Gorgas of
the United States army, and Secretary
of War Baker. These women when
called for service will be assigned to
a duty wliich they will be most ca
pable of fulfilling.
The registration was opened to all
uuiubu wiiu uuiMug experience as
well as graduate nurses, registered
and unregistered, under graduates,
pupil nurses and all who have been
engaged in first aid work, home nurs
ing dietetic classes, etc. The regis
tration took place in the Central
school building and was conducted by
Miss Bertha Forshay, school nurse,
whose great earnestness in the work
has done much toward bringing the
number of registrants up to what it
is.
Among the women registered, there
are a number who are not graduates
or registered nurses but have had
some experience in nursing and first
aid work. A committee has been ap
pointed to assume full charge of the
work in this city. Miss Forshay was
appointed chairman while the others
forming the committee are: The Mes
dames Alexander Murray. Henry Pop
pen, Emma Jason, Walter Stringfel
low end Thomas M. Jewell.
The following are the names of the
women registered: The Mesdames
Maud M. Folsom, Adalfn A. Dell, Eva
A. Will. Urolby Hawley, Rogene Feu
ner. Lelia G. Hait, Esther Salholm.
Stella E. Benton, Fennie Moon, Wil
liam Rahler, Paul Bell, Eunice Post
les, Alice Warrack, Marie E. Heath,
Florence Holmes, Edward Wall, H.
Poppen, Herbert Grant, Genevieve
Hushes, Ella McCulloch, Mary Leona
Cooper, Margaret. Patterson, Mary
Copper, Emma Jason, W. R. String
fellow, Stella Cole, Susan Tomblyn,
Arbeit G. Kennedy, J. B. Croslin, Anna
McAlman, Mary Josephine Thayer,
Laura Winor, Bertha Beilos, Mary .J.
Casbeer, F. Streebe, David Allen, Cor
neal Johnson, Alma Johnson, W. Hun
ter, J. W. Feeney, Clara Holden, Gus
sie Green. Minnie Lee Schwartz, D. A.
Foster, E, W. Datty, V. M. Wacek,
Grace S. Keith, D. F. Huffer, W. E.
Hankin, M. E. Greer, G. L. Schaer, P.
H. Halleck, A. Armstrong, J. Birming
ham, Thomas Jewell, Alexander Mur
ray, the Misses Marie Ceice, Edna B.
Newman, Mary Olive Horton, Bertha
Forshay, Frances Carney, Gertrude
Desmond, Margaret Mertaugh, ' Mary
McGraw, Laura Arnold, Pearl Love
green, Ella ' Holman, Mary Butler,
Gertrude Johnson, Rylla Wacek,
Laura Weir, Daisy Huffer, Wilhelmina
Henry, Rena Albright, Beatrice Mc
Kay. EARL VITTIG WAS
SHOT IN LEFT ARM
NOT SERIOUS
WRITES CHEERING LETTER SAY
ING THAT HE RECEIVED
WOUND WHILE GOING OVER
THE TOP BEING TREATED
ROYALLY
Yesterday afternoon, E. A. Wittig
received a letter from his son. Earl
Wittig, who was wounded in France
several weeks ago, stating that he was
shot through the left arm and was in
liase hospital number 29. in France.
and was feeling fine. He said that
he was getting die best sort of treat
ment from the nurses and doctors. He
said that he got shot in the arm while
he "was going over the top." His let
ter was a very cheerful one and did
not state whether any bones were
broken in the arm or not. Judging
from the letter the wound is not as
serious as was first reported.
When the news came to Mr. Wittig
from tbe war department, he cabled
W. H. "Brophy in Paris to try and lo
cate his son and find out the extent
of his wounds. He had receved no
reply to this message and was greatly
surprised when he received .a letter
written by Earl himself. He not only
wrote to his father, but letters to his
mother, sister and others.
The. many friends of tlie Bisbee
youth in the district will, be glad to
learn that his wound was not as
bad as first reported and hope that
he will fully recover. His American
ism sticks out in the letter that he
wrote and shows that he is proud of
the wound he received while "goln;
over the top."
DIES EARLY THIS MORNING.
Mrs. Clara Kauffman died at an
early hour this morning, from an at
tack of pneumonia, following an attack
of influenza. She was a widow and
lived near the Oliver House. She
leaves two small children. She has
a sister, Mrs. Hugh Fletcher, living in
the Huachuca mountains, who has
been notified. Funeral arrangements
will be made later.
The dealer who tells you that your
winter's coal has been "slated" for !
dclvery may mean well, but his choice
of words raises uncomfortable doubts I
on the quality of that promised fuel. I
'Philadelphia Evening Ledger.
TOMBSTONE GOES
OVER TOPNEARLY
100 PER CENT
County Seat Citizens Raise
Over Seventy-Five Thour
sand Dollars in Liberty Loan
Drive
fSjieHnl t. Tin' Iti vi'-w)
TOMBSTONE. Oct. 1. The old liis
toric town of Tombstone, the county
seat of Cochise county, has lived up
to its reputation of doing things, and
when the Liberty loan campaign was
closed here tonight, it had nearly
doubled its quota. The quofi as
signed to the city was $40,000 and
' this amount was raised several days
ago, in fact the town was one of the
first in the county to go over its
quota. The committee however, did
not stop at this but kept up the drive
and tonight the figures showed that
$75,800 had been subscribed with a
possibility that some subscriptions
that were to be received would make
the total close to $S0.O0O. The show
ing is remarkable when it is known
that the population of the county seat
has decreased since the last Liberty
loan. The patriotic citizens of the old
town are certainly to be congratu
lated on their excellent showing. The
town received an honor flag in the
last Liberty loan drive and will be
entitled to another one at this time,
with a chance of having a tank named
after her.
CALL FOR VOLUNTEER
.NURSES IS MADE
Volunteer nurses are called by Miss
Esther Cummings and Mrs. W. C. Wol
ford, who are working in closs co-operation
with each other in order to
assist in the work of the local health
authorities in their endeavors to
check the influenza epidemic.
Any woman who can possibly give
their help for a day or so, according
to the condition of the patient en
trusted to their case, the response to
such a call will be greatly appreciated.
It must also be remembered that this
is not a work cf charity, but a work
of humanity to which every ona iu a
position to do so should give their
service without hesitancy.
"The influenza situation in the War
ren district," stated Mrs. Wolford. "is
as serious now. If not more, than it
was in the beginning and with the
proper care and attention given to
the patients it would not be long be
fore they could be relieved of their
suffering and be on the road to a
sneedv recovery. About 150 persons
have been visited by .vrs. Wolford
during the past few days and among
them are a number of serious cases
of pneumonia which should be given
the best of care and attention, while
others have it only In a mild form,
and any further development of dan
ger may be averted by proper care.
Volunt?er helpers are, .therefore, asked
to give what helo they are able and
to give it as soon as possible. Those
desiring further information may re
ceive it by calling 443 during the daV
and if night calls may be made by
phoning Green 661.
FAN IS CLOSING
ON GERMAN ARMY
ON FRENCH FRONT
'Continued from Pace Ona)
Germans will be able to hold the
vital points along the Aisne and Oise
until they get out of precarious situ
ations elsewhere is becoming more
and more acute. Yet predictions of
the Immediate crumbling of the Ger
man line anywhere are considered
premature.
The Germans now occupy north of
the Aisne and the Serre, their second
line of retreat, called the "Hindung"
position, which rests its right on the
Hoyse and its left on the Hilly forest
region at Grend Pre gap, now vigor
ously attacked by Gouraud and Persh
ing. Work on this line was begun in the
spring of 1917 and was continued un
til November. Then it was suspended
until September of this year, when It
was resumed with feverish haste with
the aid of prisoners of war. Its length
is about 75 miles, four-fifths of it be
hind water courses that may easily
be swelled by artificial floods so as
to constitute formidable obstacles. The
enemy may be expected to make a
desperate stand here and to hold out.
if possible, until his armies in Bel
gium and French Flanders are with
drawn. In the center of the front today the
Germans were retreating so fast that
contact, if secured at all. was only
between advanced patrols and small
groups of the enemy. On the flanks,
however, there has been hard fight
ing. In Belgium, the allies have been en
gaged in severe encounters. Never
theless, they have gained additional
miles of ground.
In the area north and south of Le
Cateau furious fighting is reported,
and the Americans have again dis
tinguished themselves. By dark last
night, they had penetrated a depth
of two miles, today they made further
progress against strong opposition.
The Germans here had orders to hold
the line at all costs, and the Ameri
cans and British had literally to hack
their way through.
The enemy divisions have been well
whipped and from prisoners it is
learned that no reserves are back of
them because retirement In this sec-
tion of the line is expected to take
place as soon as the other divisions
to the north get far enough back.
North of Le Cateau the British have
been engaged in equally hard fight
ing. Mere also the Germans had to
be riddled before they would give
ground, but posts now have been es
tablished by the al'.ies east of the
Sclle river and some ground has been
gained southeast of Neuvilly.
Bruges was reported late this even
ing to iiave bi en cleared of the enemy.
The Belgians are pressing on beyond
the city, ciosing the neck of the bot
tle reaching to the north sea. but the
bulk of the Germans undoubtedly have
craped fri'tu the coast.
mm
milk WAVE
hi
HIGH iN WEST
ntv n -vi.'w 1 ...is.iI Wire)
WASHINGTON. Oct. 19 Spanish
influenza as a:: epidemic is subsiding
ravi.liy in t!.i; in'liiary camps of the
country, but among the civilians gen
erally the peak has not yet bean
leached.
Conditions in Eastern states where
the disease first appeared showed im
provement today, but reports from the
Pouth, the middle West and Pacific
coast were not optimistic.
New cases in army camps today
showed a decrease in 1,43. Pneu
monia decreased 29(i from yesterday
and the number of deaths was 15S
less than yesterday, numbering 472.
Since the beginning of the epidemic
cases reported from camps total 2S3,
331. with 14.153 deaths. Camp Mc
Clcilan. Ala., with 344 new cases, led
In new cases today.
Public health service reports from
California said 18.200 new cases had
been recorded since Thursday with
onlv portions of the state reporting.
The number of cases in New York
city was estimated at half a million,
with a hiuh mortality. In New Hamp
shirt the situation is reported better.
(By Review leased Wire)
DENA'ER. Colo., Oct. 19. Conditions
throughout Colorado are serious, but
not alarming, according to the secre
tary of the state health board.
TO ENTER SCHOOL
(Ttv Rovlew Lensrl Wire)
BOSTON, Mass., Oct. 1.. Tris
Speaker, center fielder on the Cleve
land American league baseball club,
will enter the naval aviation school
at the Massachusetts Institute of tech
nology. MILK TOAST DIET
TOO MUCH FOR HER
"I doctored for years with only
temporary relief. My liver was
very bad. after eating I would al
ways have such a fullness In my stom
ach and my heart would palpitate. I
couli not eat milk toast without dis
tressing me. Since taking a course of
Mayr's Wonderful Remedy, more than
a year ago, I can eat anything my ap
petite desires." It is a simple harm
lea f preparation that removes the ca
tarrhal mucus from the intestinal
tract and allays the inflammation
which causes practically all stomach,
liver and intestinal ailments, including
appendicitis. One dose will convince
or money refunded.
Sold by Bisbee Drug company, Lo
well Drug company in Lowell, aud
druggists everywhere.
REVIEW WANT ACS
BRING RESULTS
Gas Fired
For Attaching
to You)
Range Boiler
Bisbee
SPANISH INFLUENZA
RAPIDLY SPREADING
Persons Weak and Rundown
Easy Victims Fortify
Yourself Against It
By Taking Tanlac
According to late reports issued by
state and federal health authorities
the Spanish influenza epidemic is
rapidly spreading to all parts of the
country, and it now seems that practi
cally every state in the Union will be
seriously affected before it runs its
cou rse.
It has not only become a great and
terrible menace to the public health,
but unless checked, it is apt to se
riously affect the progress of war
work in all its various departments.
Already the shipping board has an
nounced that 10 per cent of its work
ers had been affected.
The disease has made its greatest
progress in the east where it has
claimed its victims by the thousands.
Reports from other sections, however,
are equally alatining; and both civil
and military authorities have warned
the public to take every precaution to
prevent its further spread. In many
cities schools, churches and theaters
have been closed and public gather
ings of all kinds forbidden.
Medical authorities agree that peo
ple who are weak and run down are
the earliest victims of the influenza
epidemic. If you find yourself tired,
weak and losing flesh, or if you are in
a generally run-down condition, or if
you catch cold easily this warning
should be heeded promptly. You are
really in great danger, because the
germ of this disease is very catching
and you are apt to fall an easy victim
if yon come in contact with the germs.
People who are well and strong are
not likely to contract the disease be
cause they are able to throw It ort.
The common-sense way to keep from
taking it is to fortify the system
against attack by building np the con
stitution. In other words to use the old adage.
"An ounce of prevention is worth a
pound of cure." And if you are in a
sub-normal condition the proper thing
to do is to begin immediately to build
up your powers of resistance. To ac
complish thi3, nothing on earth will
strengthen you and build you up like
Tanlac, the powerful reconstructive
tonic, which contains the very ele
ments needed by the system to give
you fighting strength and ward ofr the
influenza germs.
First of all Tanlac begins its action
by creating a good healthy appetite
for wholesome food, and assitss every
organ of the body to perforin its na
tural way.
Tanlac is also the ideal strengthen
ing tonic for persons who are suffer
ing from the after effects of influenza,
grippe or bronchial troubles and hun
dreds of thousands are using it daily
with the most gratifying results.
In connection with the Tanlac treat
ment, it is necessary to keep the bow
eis open by taking Tanlac Laxative
Tablets, samples of which are includ
ed with every botile of Tanlac. It is
also important that the every day
rules c. hygiene be observed; that Is,
sleep in well ventilated rooms, get
plenty of fresh air and exercise and
keep away from crowds.
Tanlac is sold in Bisbee by J. M.
Ball, in Douglas by Douglas Drug com
pany, in Paradise by G. A. Walker, in
Bowie by Bowie Drug company, in San
Simon by J. B. Cooke, in Wilcox by
A. A. Nicholson, in Lowell by Lowell
Drug company, in Benson by C. F.
Moss Pharmacy, in Gleeson by B. A.
Water
Provides abundant supply of
hot water at reasonable cost.
Call at our store and ask for
demonstration, or make re
quest for representative to call
upon you.
Improvement Co.
I Taylor, in Warren by Warren Drug
j company and in Baerce by B. A. Tay
! lor.
BISBEE YOUNG LADIES
ANSWER S. 0. S. GALL
There was a call of that nature
reached Bisbee yesterday morning, and
it came from DoiiKlas from the mem
bers of the. Motor Truck company, and
it was promptly answered by about
fifteen of the popular youti" ladies
of the district and they left for Doug
las at ence. The call was sent by
reason of the fact that the boys had
been orden.4 away and as the ladies
were interested in some of them and
they in the young ladies, it was a
farewell departure. The young ladies
in question had sort of adopted that
organization and had entertained them
hTe on a number of occasions, with
picnics and parties.
The motor truck company left Camp
Harry Jones yesterday a'lernoon east
ward bound, with the exception of
p.bout sixteen members, who have
been 'aeld for overseas service.
The mails to eastern points from
I.Lsbce will, from now on. be consid
erably increased by additional letter
:jia:l. Write to tliPin often, girls.
They vere a good lot. and the let
ters you s"ud t.'iem will do them
good.- If ethers would do the same
thing it would be of benefit to many
a youn man who is now fighting for
his country. ,
Business Locals
AIKEN GOES EAST.
I Henry Wm. Aiken, secretary of the
i Arizona Automatic Air Association,
left a few days ago for Baltimore. Md.,
i where he has been called by wire from
j Mr. W. G. Canion. the president, to at
j tend to some very important business
! in connection with the Canion Air
j Brake. During fiu absence Mr. Billy
: Gunn will have charge of the local
i office in Bisbee. Adv.
Dr. Dauthitt. veterinary surgeon.
Phone 660. 143 Brewery Gulch. 906
j The new Art store is offering chil
I dren's stamped dresses, rompers, boys'
suits and hats at one-fourth price Mon
i day and Tuesday. These articles are
I stamped to embroider and come in
j reps and poplin. 241
ROCKHILL'S STAGE.
i Bisbce-Tombstono. Leaves Bi bee
Bisbee Auto Co., 7 a. m , 1:30 p. m. 7
i Phone Bisbee a. Adv.
Dr. Flayfair. Osteopath, 98 Masou
Hill, Mason car stop. Photie Blue 647.
Adv. 231
L. L. Oilman selis the New Edison,
"The Phonograph With a Soul."
Painter and Paper Hanging
C. J. BRANDT
Box 150
Phone 436
A Trial Solicited Prompt Delivery
Standard Laundry
FOR "QUALITY AND SERVICE"
A. OWERS. Mgr.. Bakerville
hone 57
HENNESSY
Undertaking Parlors
PHONE 15.
O K ST.
Heater
i .1
I' '4 !
pii !
!
i; lv
ijj i: it iio MINING
SECTION
Edited by
SOCIETY
SECTION
Edited by
LEE BROWN
?WILLIAM T. OWEN !
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
VOL.21, NO. 111.
s.-
V'-THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1918.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
MINES, MINING, LOCAL STOCKS AND
mmm
COPPER
K
L
ABOR
SITUATION AFFECTS
SEPTEMBER OUTPUT GREATLY
SHOWING GREAT DECREASE
State Output Was 78,675,807 Which Was Nearly Three
Million Pounds l!ess Than in August and About Four
Million Pounds Below High Level of Year, Reached in
July; Camps With Large Percentage of Mexican Labor
Show Least Loss in Production Because of Their Disin
clination to Leave Warm Climate.
September production of copper
of 78,675,807 pounds, a decline from
and from the high of the year, attained
The decrease which has occurred
r,ftn , from Arizona durine August
Va and in Pacific coast shipyards. Those camps in which the percentage of
Mexican labor is highest, show the least loss under the registration for dis
tant work, because of the disinclination of the Mexican workers to leave the
warm climate they are accustomed to for the colder eastern weather and
because of their lesser inclination to change locations after they once become
settled.
In September, Calumet & Arizona was the only large producer to make
material gain in its output of metal, increasing by 492,000 pounds over August.
Nearly all of the other large producers show loss, except Verde Extension, the
new smelter of which property is gradually working to the peak or eiriciency
it will attain when fully broken in. Inspiration, among Uiose hit by labor
withdrawals, suffered most in decline in metal output. Its train division was
near disrupted for several days by the registration for Nitro. Figures of the
various producers for the month are
r .-f '
Verde- Extension
Inspiration
Arizona Copper Co.
Old Dominion
Miami Copper Co. -Shannon
Copper Co.
United Verde
A. S. & R. Arizona Copper
rhelps-Dodge (Morenci)
Consolidated Arizona Smelting
International Smelter
Arizona Hercules .
Arizona Commercial
Iron Cap
Phelps-Dodge (Douglas)
Calumet & Arizona
New Cornelia
Shattuck
Denn
To reach correct total of actual production from the above figures, it is
necessary to deduct the production of Iron Cap, Ray Hercules, Denn, Shattuck
and ethers whose output is included in the smelter totals of International,
American Smelting & Refining, Calumet & Arizona and Copper Queen Smel
ters. This brings the actual total of production to 78,675,807 pounds for Sep
tember. Due to stocks of ore ahead In the bedding plants and bins at the begin
ning of September, the full loss caused by decreased labor is not shown in the
September results. They will carry forward into the present month. Some
relief in labor has been coming about through the voluntary return of some
of the workmen who registered for distant jobs and did not find conditions as
agreeable as those to which they had been used in the mining districts. How
ever, it is not likely that tiie October output will be as large as September,
inasmuch as losses sustained in the latter month and the breaking in of new
help cannot be wholly overcome in so short a time.
September production shows the addition of Ray Hercules to the produc
ing list as an important factor. It is expected that it will be swinging along
win steadily increasing efficiency and output as its mill breaks in and a
material gain is reasonably to be expected in its October production as com
pared with September.
While Shattuck Arizona is down In its copper production, it is to be noted
that it made 325,496 pounds of lead in September, the result of getting its new
mill in efficient operation insofar as available supply of power will permit
It is expected that additional power will be provided Uils month and that by
the first of the year all of the mill equipment will be going when Shattuck
should have an output of about 1,200.000 pounds of copper the month.
Mossback Mine Has Fine
Reserve Commercial Ore,
Says Editor Mining News
During the paRt ten days reports
have been persistent that a sensa
tional strike bad been made in the
Arizona Mossback, but so reticent
were the officers of the company that
official confirmation could riot be ob
tained until yesterday, when the edi
tor of the Mining News visited the
camp and made a personal investiga
tion, says the Oatinan Mining News.
If he can convince .the world of
what he saw, what was proved to
liim and what is there for anyone to
see who cares to investigate, he will
have done these diggings a genuine
service.
It has long been the opinion of
mining men that the Mossback was
a mine in the biggest sense of the
word. By trail it is eight and one
half miles from the United Eastern
and in a location where gold was
first discovered in Mohave county.
The entire region is heavily mineral
ized and doubtless other great mines
will be opened up in the neighbor
hood, but the Mossback group of fi
nanciers is the first to bark Judgment
with money and invest the necessary
amount of development work.
It was 18 years ago that Charlie
Durlock, prospecting, first saw the
from Arizona ores amounted to a total
the August output ol z,&J,6u pounds
in July, of about four minion pounds.
reflects the withdrawal of more than
and September for work at Xitrq, W.
given below:
August
4,540,000
September
4,650,000
4.S60.000
9,000.000.
4,300,000
2.015,000
5,319,060
708,000
7,861,688
.10,300.000
4.330.000
2,292,000
5.011.000
722,000
7,252,099
11.000.000
1.323.708
1,200.000
1,420,939
1,250,000
16,470,000
15.762,000
310.000
600.000
735,000
14.176.000
4.868.000
3,744.000
686,844
465.902
85.000
644.C00
. 735,000
15,400,000
4.376,000
3.928,000
682,861
418,263
Mossback ledge. He had been a min
er in various sections of the West,
had the adventurous sprit and was
willing to take a chance. But when
the momentous moment of his life
came forward he was searching for
water for his horses. His wife climbed
the hill and saw the outcroppings.
She told Charlie as soon as she saw
him and he took a slant at the sur
face showing. He went to thought
for a minute and then declared:
"This is where we make or break
ourselves."
That was 18 years ago, and he has
been on the job ever since, struggling :
to vindicate an opinion. There is to
day no one to question his fortune, j
Tbe Mossbock has landed and when
the plans of tbe company are carried
out, the Mossbock will take its place
among the wonderful mines of the
United States.
In this Instance it is safe to deal
with the superlative because the;
Mossback has not a single share of
stock for sale. There is nothing to
exploit but the truth. The public
will not share in the profits to .be 1
made out of this mine, but the Oat-'
man district will be benefited In the
(Continued on Pas Two)
KAY COPPER CO.
fin
ROCK
. ON 500 LEVEL
Company Headed by George
W. Long Formerly of This
District; News of Mining
Around Mayer
IPy F. W. BOWER)
MAYER, Ariz., Oct. 12. The writer
accepted an invitation from Gep. W.
Long last week, to visit the Kay mine.
Long is president of the Kay Copper
company and the mine is located in
the southern portion of Black canyon
about twenty-five miles south of
Mayer. The mine is being thoroughly
developed on the 500-fot level.
About a month ago, the old shaft
had reached a depth of 500 feet and
drifting was commenced to the south.
When about 70 feet from the shaft,
the first ore was encountered, which
was crosscut 20 feet, an average val
ue across the ore showing 18 per ceni
copper and about $5 in gold and sil
ver. During the past mor.th tbe drift has
been continued to a point 140 feet
south of the mine shaft, the face of
the drift being in ore that will aver
age 15 per cent copper. A crosscut has
been run 75 feet east of the drift all
in ore that will run from one and a
half to five per cent copper and $3
in gold and silver. The drift is to be
continued to the south end of the
property and the crosscut will be ex
tended to the foot wall, which is on the
east side of the river, a distance o:
about 300 feet from the present drift.
Surface work on the east side of the
river shows a strong copper vein
which would.' indicate that the ore
zone from the drift on the 500-foot
level to the east foot wall will be
continuous,
It is now believed that the ore thus
far developed is not the extension of
the Tribolet ore body from which 40
carloads o fore were shipped during
the development of the upper levels,
by S. J. Tribolet, the former owner.
Tribolet declares that the main ore
body is farther west of the drift on
the hanging wall. A crosscut has
been started west from the drift to
determine Tribolet's theory.
The mine shows already a remark
able zone of shipping and milling ore.
Not many mines on the "Jerome to
Phoenix" belt can show one continu-J
ous ore body 5 feet wide of milling
ore or a vein 20 feet wide of 18 per
?ont shipping ore with several hun
dred feet of virgin ground that will
jndoubtedly continue to show up ore.
The depth is only 500 feet. What
will be the outcome of the develop
ment work when twice that depth is
attained, is the Interesting question.
The ore is for the most part a chal-
copyrite copper, similar to ore in other
mines of the same belt. It will make
an ideal oil flotation proposition and
that is tbe process that will be in
stalled at the mine on a large scale,
later on.
Long is in New York City at the
present thne conferring jrtth the other
members of the board and stockhold
ers. Great things can be expected at
this property.
The Littls Egypt
The town of Mayer is to have an
other payroll. Right in sight of the
Big Ledge smelter and a short walk
from the Mayer postoffice, the Little
Egypt property is being brought to
life again by Wm. A. Davidson, of
Prescott, and associates. The mine
was owned by Dr. Chas. S. Vivien, of
Humboldt, and Wm. Belford, of Mayer,
and others. A steam hoist equipment
has been purchased and installed at
an old shaft at tbe south end of the
property which is to be sunk 600 feet
deep. The property has an unusually
strong copper outcrop for the length
of several claims. Unexpected high
grade ore has been uncovered along
the strike north of the shaft from
which shipments or ore are to be
made to the Humboldt Smelter right
away,
The property has a number ot i
advantages, such as nearness to the
Big Ledge smelter, which some ay
may be In operation; the short dis
tance to town making It unnecessary
to provide camp facilities and the
apparent high grade ore at the sur
face. The mine development work
is in charge of A. L. Blumenauer, oil
Jerome.
Thj- Arizona Binghampton
At the Arizona Binghampton mine,
everything Is running along fine. The
first six days of this month showed
an output of over 31,000 pnnnd3 of
copper which" is better than 10.000
pounds per day. A larger tonnage Is
being made with a little better grade
of ore. Important news may be ex
pected after the meeting of the 2"rd,
when the question of a new deep
shaft, enlarged miil capacity and other
important matters will be settled.
Swastika Sllv-r Mine
The taking over of the Swastika sil
ver mine by the Consolidated Ari'.ona
Smelter cenpany Is considered Import
(Continued on rage Two)
GOMPERS' VISIT TO AMERICAN WOUNDED
t-.... .
SAMUEL GOMPERS, PRESIDENT
WOUNDED WITH AMERICAN
NOTE. Mr. Gompcrs and the
members of the American Labor
Mission, now In England, paid a
fc visit soon afte- their arrival there
to an American base hospital near
London, being accompanied by
ir Lieut. Col. F. A. Washburn of the
U. S. Army Medical Corp and by
Major William Endlcott, Commit.
tioner for the American Red Cross
In Great Britain.
Written by SAMUEL GOMPERS,
President of the American Federation
of Labor.
HAVE Just shaken hands
with severnl hundred
wounded Americans from
the western front. In
every case I thanked the
boys for what they had done mid gave
them a few wonls of encouragement
and hope for the future. 1 told them
that the American people are behind
them with all they possess. "Sure
they are." was the inevitable comment
made, with a broad smile that you
couldn't mistake for anything but
American.
A more cheerful lot of wounded men
it would be hnrd to find. It is really
marvellous, this American spirit.
It was my first contact with wound
ed Americans. It was my first visit to
a hospital in the wnr zone. 1 planned
it before leaving the United States.
The first thing 1 decided to do after
arriving in England was to visit a
crowd of our boys fresh from the fight
ing line, hear their stories, see how
they were getting on and give them
some words of cheer. Thanks to the
American Red Cross, 1 had the good.
fortune to have this wish gratified
three days after my arrival In England.
We drove out from the heart of Lon
don in United States army curs. Our
American chauffeurs made good prog
ress through the crowded streets. Lon
doi ts are well self-disciplined. Our
rouiL ook us over Waterloo Bridge
JEROME SUPERIOR IS
DEVELOPING STRANSE
TERRITORY RIGHT NOW j
i
SOME HIGHLY IMPORTANT GEO- j
LOGICAL pETERM I NATIONS ARE j
BEING MADE IN OPERATIONS :
CARRIED ON TO NORTH OF:
HOPEWELL TUNNEL i
j,,. im,rfant " pP0ogIcaI determi
nations are being made in the devel-1
opment being carried on by the Je
rome Superior Copper company, just
over the hill north of the Hopewell
tunnel entrance.
The Jerome Superior shaft i now
down within a few feet of the 600-
foot mark. !t has proved absolutely
I that the Verde diorite is not cut off
i by the great north and-south fault.
but that It lies below that great zone i
of shearing. Geologists for a loni?are th thre llani,a m General Plu-
time held to the theory that there was i
no diorite below the fault.
Not only has the shaft
passed ,
thro,.,-!, diorite. but through about 135 8VsU.m (.biest project he has un-"e now under construction. The tun
feet of andesite. ome 35 feet of sand- dertakt,n. adaing ,, both prohibition neI wi!1 --comniodate a andard
stone, pornhyry. limonite. garnet and j , ' woreS nt,ce8Harv 0 the fu, Pjuge car and wl'l eliminate hoisting
various other materials. At present flmnt of hl8 plan to make better ',f or J1''" hndP " ' i.!,.
the -haft is bottomed in altered diorite Mex,,.an nien and women f the boys " "''. .h " '" irect to
nornhvrv that may turn Into schist at .i. .:.. n h. the company s new smelter, as com-
any round of shots.
- - i
Cro-scut at
500.
On th KOO-foot level a crosscut was
run off some 70 feet to the em
..." .
through andesite. For some distance
(Continued on Page Tiro)
OF THE AMERICAN FEDERATION OF LABOR, VISITS AMERICAN
RED CROSS VISITORS AT MILITARY HOSPITAL NEAR LONDON.
to the south side of London, then
through the southeastern part of the
metropolis, where I recognized many
landmarks of my boyhood days. The
day before I had visited Ford street,
Spitalfields. nnd the house there where
I first srtw the light OS years ago.
We rnn through Peckhnm road and
passed the handsome building of the
Amalgamated Society of Engineers,
which 1 knew was there from corre
spondence back in Washington with
its officers, but which I now saw for
the first time.
Once out of London we travelled
over the hills of Kent and saw some of
the prettiest of the English country
side. Durtford Hospital, now used ex
clusively by Americans, is on the top
of a hill nnd commands an unequalled
view of the country for many miles.
We approached it from the picturesque
village which lies at the base of the
hill. A fair was in progress there, and
the place wns alive with people.
Major E. FL FIske. the commanding
officer of the hospital, welcomed ns
with open arms, ne comes from
Brooklyn, and I had met him in New
York. He was surrounded by groups
of the most cheerful crowd of wounded
men imaginable. I recognized some of
them at once. One of them, John Pel
monte, was a neighbor of our family in
New York. I was able to give him
first-hand information that all was
well at home, and he wns very glad.
Well, I walked about there among
the men, handing them cigarettes,
American flags and comfort bags made
by the women of America to be dispos
ed of to our boys wherever they may
be. It was a great experience and
touched me very deeply. Every little
while I could feel a lump come up in
my throat I Just couldn't help it
Americans I met from almost every
state in the Union. And never before
was I so proud to meet my country
men. Our visit was quite unannounc
ed, nnd the boys wwre surprised and
pleased.
The Red Cross bad sent ont with ns
POTASH PLENTIFUL HERE
FOR FIRST TIME IN
HISTORY OF COUNTRY
(By Review Leased Wlre
WASHINGTON, Oct. 19. Secre
tary lane, of the department of in
terior, states that the production
of potash in the United States for
the first time now equals the needs
of the country. The development
of the industry removes another
finger of the grip which German
commercial interests have Iiad on
agricultural and manufacturing ac
tivities here.
"Germany has thought all along.'
s:iid Mr. Lane, 'that she had had a
whip hand over America because ot
her supply of this mineral, but in
two years this country has become
Independent by the development
of deposits here."
CALLES AND HIS PLATFORM.
NOGAGLES. Mex., Oct. 30 (Corre
spondence of the Associated Tress).
Free schools and orphanages; prohi-
bition on penalty of death and peace
tarro Elias Calles' nlatform as mili-
e., r cnr.
n-prHl ,.. -nn-Hnn. his school i
mm kiiii vi ma untito fiiiic. im j
established free schools in all of thei
larger towns of the state. In his Cruz
rl . . !
luaur iMiMiauHKV iur . uipuai.i. oV
Galvez orphanage for wi
I I ,. Ill '1 1 1.1 1 .... .1 O.iA ni.l. n r-n
attt,nding Bfhooi at tne expense of the'
I It I illl :-1 ilU I'Ui B OllU .11 in w'
state.
I
a motor-car full of things, which we
distributed. The cigarette's were from
two shipments sent over here by the
people of Providence, R. L, and by
the Rotary Club of Honolulu, Hawaii,
ami each "package had a little card b?
which the men could acknowledge the
gift. It was a pleasure for me to hand
these gifts to the men. They came
from America, and I thought of every
one ns a link between these soldiers
and the mothers, wives and sweet
hearts of America.
If the Red Cross did nothing more
than to distribute these things It would
be worth while. I am a member of the
Red Cross in America, Just like so
m:uiy millions of other Americans. In
the last drive I helped to raise some
of that giant fund, and I expect to
raise my voice fr it again in the next
drive. I shall be able to speak first
hand of its work for our men.
While I was talking with the con
valescents out on the lawn a pretty;
big crowd began to gather, and some
body asked for a speech. I Just could
not refuse and gave them a personal
message from the folks at home. I
told them how grateful everybody was
to them for the sacrifice they had al
ready made and for the further sacri
fices I knew they were prepared to
make for. the ideals of America. I
gave them a mental picture of the sit
uation at home since they left, hovr
everybody was working for the war,
backing p the army and navy Vlth
everything necessary to bring victory.
.Vfter we had shaken hands all round
once more 1 went tnrougn several
wards and found the same cheerful
spirit In all. The boys all said they
were getting along fine. They wanted
to know the latest home news, and I
gave them all I could in the short time
I had.
The visit was a great privilege fop
me. ro matter now many or. our Hos
pitals I shall see in my visits to France
and Italy, the impressions of my first
meeting with them at Partford will
never die out
VERDE EXTENSION TO
PAY DIVIDEND SOON
TO STOCKHOLDERS
REGULAR QUARTERS PAYMENT
OF 75 CENTS WILL BE SUP
PLANTED THIS- TIME BY SPE
CIAL PAYMENT OF $1.25: TOTAL
TO DATE $7.60 PEB SHARE
United Verde Extension stockhold
ers of record October 3 will receive
the quarterly dividend of 75 cents a
share on November 1. An extra of
$1.25 brings the total disbursements
I fer 1D1S to $4 25, indicating a yield
I of 11.5 per cent on a purchase price
of $38. Since dividends were Inaug
urated in August, 1016. w total of
$7.60 a share has been paid.
According to an engineer's report,
based on personal investigation, it
will require from four to six mouths
for the company to complete the
K.OOtMoot drainage and haulage tun-
pared with the present roundabout
! method using aerial tramway and In
volving
considerable rehandling.
TW will h r. vlnr In Mist
I,, h
h will amount to at least 5 cents
(CooUnuau on Pas Two)
TUCSON AREA
LEADS OTHERS
IN ACTIVITY
RANGES FROM WORK OF PROS
PECTOR TO IMPORTANT DEVEL
OPMENT AND ACTUAL PRODUC
TION OF GREAT TONNAGE OF
THE PRECIOUS METALS
PRESENTS AN ANOMOLY
AT ODDS WITH OTHER PARTS OF
WEST WHERE FOR GREAT PART
HIGH COSTS AND DIFFICULTIES
OF GETTING SUPPLIES HAVE
BEEN DISCOURAGING
TUCSON, Ariz.. Oct. 19 In no oth
er mining county in Arizona is there
as much and as varied activity, rank
ing from the work of the prospector
through that of the important devel
opment organization to that of the
producer of metal in large tonnag?. as
there is at this time in the mineral
iz?d area about Tucson. The situa
tion is at odds with that in most min
ing districts in the west, where for
the greater part high costs and diffi
culty in securing supplies and equip
ment have discouraged enterprise and
brought new work to a standstill. Bui
in the Tucson area these things ap
pear to have only determined opera
tives to go all the stronger with their
plans. Within the last few weeks
large amounts of new money have
been acquired in several enterprises
and others are in a way of closing
financing which will put them going
actively. Some of the biggest metal
concerns in the country have had
their eyes on the dintrict clcsely and
have made more, at less investment,
soma of it directly and some indirect
ly. This investment is to some ex
tent doubtless a factor in the notaole '
activity which persists in the face of
discouragements which have been ef
fective in slowing up ininir.g enter
prise elsewhere, except among the es
tablished producers operating at
profit.
The Reiniser-Freenian properties
are at this tiiiie much In the public
eye bath at home and In the eait.
because they are further advanced
with their work than any other strict
ly developing concern in the district
that entertains large expectations aud
which is looked to as in excellent way
to real-.ze these at any time. The Rci-nlger-Freeman
work has for som?tiiae
been at depth of 3J0 feet, from aich
point in the shaft they have been go
ins out to the main contact, where
they wiil cut three strong fissure veins
along the fault liae of the San Xavier
Copper company. This fault crosess
the Reiniger-Freeman property and
should make much ore. The three
fissure veins are looked to for develop
ment disclosures at the present depth
of 330 feet which will point the way
valuably to the conduct cf the further
exploration which is to be taken up
on the ts'JO acd until which is carried
out the full extent of the value of the
country cannot be told.
It is on the 600 level of the mine,
however, that the big ore resources
will be brought in. That the ere i
there has been demonstrated by the
the Empire Zinc company, a property
controlled by the zinc trust, an organ
ization that would like to own the ad
Joining ground. The zinc company has
developed ore out to the Reiniger
Freeman line and the picking up cf
this on the 600 level will give the lat
ter company an immediate reserve of
ore. .The main work of the 600. how
ever, will be in connecting with the
ore bodies which are being reached
into on the 300 nnd where the forma
tion Is at the present time indicative
of even bigger results than have been
anticipated.
The Empire Zinc has a great deal
of excellent ore blocked out on the
200, 300 and 4'H) levels. The company
is understood to have recently ac
quired the old Sahuarsta smelter. ev
en miles distant, and is expected to
start up the plant around the first
of the year. At that time it Is indicat
ed that the Empire Zinc mine will go
on full shift and that its ores will be
shipped with those of other properties
of the company to their own smelter.
Meantime there is much shipping
going on steadily. The output of
around 1,500.000 pounds of copper the
month from the Sasco smelter, serving
the Tucson country. Is the best evi
dence of this. Besides the ore Dand
led by Sasco there Is a considerable
tonnage going to El Paso smelter.
Hayden smelter and the Douglas smel
ters also receive some of the ore of
the district, finding them very desir
able for certain mixture for the
furnaces. Among these shippers ar
the Mineral Hill, from its 5M) leveL
Plumed Knight. Both of these mines
(Continued on Tag Two) rwo
THE BI5BEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1918.
MINING CONCERNS
COMPETE FOR THE
KEN'S GOOD WILL
Enlightened Policy in Effect in
Many of the Camps of State
Puts Premium on Length of
Service
Arizona mining companies have
awakened to the need of improving
conditions to take care of the in
creased burdens of the workmen and
to compete with the high wages of
the shipyards.
The companies of the state have
had rather a big record in the present
year, as to advances to uieir iorty
thousand or more workmen. Twice
they have raised wages. In all the
large copper districts steps have been
taken to lighten rental burdens. In
most of them the operating compan
ies have enlarged home building oppor
tunities formerly afforded their em
ployes. In some of the camps special ef
fort has been made to reach the man
of family who has not had it in his
power to meet living costs and still
set aside enough to enable him to
start building his own home, steady as
he might work. The children have
come and the doctor's bills, and school
clothes and supplies. In the Warren
district and some others this type of
men is being especially sought out,
and put in the way of owning their
own homes.
It is not necessary for them to have
anything but their records of steadi
ness and endeavor to deal fairly with
the world. With such record, such a
homes as they want is built for them,
and they pay for it in installments
such as they have been paying for
rent. The difference is that when
they have paid in the cost of the house,
it and the lot on which it stands be
longs to them. Other workmen with
money ahead are privileged to build
on advantageous terms. But they are
expected to make payments in propor
tion to funds they can spare. Both
for their benefit and that of the com
panies it is best that they should pay
out quiCKiy ana release uie uume,
up in meir names.
JEROME SUPERIOR IS .
DEVELOPING STRANGE
TERRITORY RIGHT NOW
'Continued from Page One)
along this drift all the fractures in
the andesite are filled with black sul-(
tihide of copper. Some extraordinar
ily rich small specimens were secured
but the ore is not in commercial quan
tities. Being still in the" impoverished,
or leached, zone. Manager George
Mitchell wasted little time on the
GOO.
Development Plans.
The present plan of development
is to continue sinking indefinitely, but
wuen the shaft is down a little deeper,
probably to 750 feet a crosscut will
be run off westward toward the ande
site. The andesite dike and all the
other formations through which the
shaft has passed pitch to the west.
Manager Mitchell is more hopeful
of finding ore in the andesite than in
the schist. It is entirely possible,
however, that when the scRist is en
tered in the shaft it will be found to
carry' values, for bunches of copper
carbonate have been found right in
the diortic porphyry.
1 Shaft Record.
Manager Mitchell has at the mouth
of the shaft a most ingenious geolog
ical record. He has two long upright
boxes divided into sections, each sec
tion representing a certain portion of
the shaft. In each section are small
samples of the rock from the portion
cf the shaft represented. The man
ager also has scores of petroiogical
slides and reports. His geological
data are complete.
Water did not begin to give trouble
in the Jerome Superior shaft until
the 500-foot level had been passed.
In fact, it was at 535 feet that the
flow of water became a serious mat-
ere
The Drink
H
IB K.A.V 0 i
BRAVO, a pure, cereal, non-intoxicating beverage fills
the need for a non-intoxicating drink. It quenches thirst,
relieves fatigue and puts vim into work and pleasure.
BRAVO is a drink for everybody.
In Bottles and
BUXTON-SMITH COMPANY
a! Distributors
ter. For some time operations were
seriously delayed as power was lack
ing to furnish the air required to op
erate tl:e pumps. A bigger engine
was installed and now all is moving
smoothly, but Manager Mitcbel is not
satisfied. He has decided to install
a zoo-horsepower steam plant and
dispose of the gas engines now in use.
Two steam plants such as he desires
have been offered him and he will
probably place the order within a few
days.
No "Blind" Prospect."
Not a great deal is heard about the
Jerome Superior as the company is
making no effort to sell stock, but the,
formations disclosed by tne snait in-
sure that the property will be more
In tne public eye nerearter. tne ae
velopnient is going forward in a busi
nesslike manner and it has been dem
onstrated that the Jerome Superior
is no "blind" prospect.- The casual
observer sees nothing on the surface
to get excited about but Manager
Mitchell, who is himself a geologist,
knew that the formations were there
before he started his shaft. Now he
expects to demonstrate in short order
that the ore is there.
The Jerome Superior development
means a great deal to the entire north
end of the Verde district. That com
pany has already demonstrated that
the ore formations are there and the
discovery of ore would make every
foot of ground from Jerome north to
the Verde river, and even beyond.
valuable.
KAY COPPER CO.
HAS RICH ROCK
ON 500 LEVEL
(Continued from Pag-e Ona)
ant to this district for it vil! be the
first time in recent years that a silver
property of such size and prospective
value will be thoroughly developed.
The old mine has a great shipping
record of high grade ore under the
management of F. W. Ciroux, who has
had a lease on it for several years. A
good many carloads of ore have gone
out that have averaged 200 to 300
ounces of silver to the ton. The mine
has large reserves of milling ore which
will pay well when treated near the
mine like the Humboldt smelter. The
future development of the mine will
be watched with a greet deal of in
lerest for it is believed by mining
men that with greater depth, the ore
will carry more copper values.' Claude
Ferguson, formerly mine superintend'
ent at the Copper Queen mine, at
Stoddard, has gone to the smelter
rmnnnv tan1 m'ill hnvn rharffa la minff
.unerintendent of both the DtSoto and
the Swastika mines. Mine Superinten
dents DeCamp and White hare both
resigned and will soon enter military
service.
TUCSON AREA
LEADS OTHERS
IN ACTIVITY
(Continued from Pugo one)
are in excellent situation in point ot
ore in sight and prospects for the ex
tension oi their proven pay zones.
The Ramsdell properties are in bet
ter situation than ever before in point
U ore and have the promise of making
big mines. The main Narragansett
shaft is now being recovered from the
cave which closed it and will soon be
back in service. From his properties
at Vail Mr. Ransdell is shipping forty
five cars of copper ore the month. The
Veich mine ia also shipping from that
point.
The Cowboy Mining & Smelting
company, coatrcl of which is in the
hands of a group of Mesa people, has
been making a phenomenal success of
its work, second only to that attained
by E. G. Bush in hig properties and
which have attracted the widest of
attention in the state during the last
several months. The. Cowboy enter
prise is now fully financed, it is
stated, and will go ahead heavily.
COPPER.
NEW YORK, Oct. 19. The copper
market continues quiet, with those
having orders to place on priority
certificates holding off because of the
pending conference in Washington
with regard to the price after Novem
ber 1. However, there is no reason
:or, surh action, as the contracts, if
taken for delivery after November 1
would be placed at the price to : be
fixed by the price-fixing committee of
the war Industries board.
it Is
Supreme
on Draught
!
RA ROADS- S
-If
TAXESJN STATE
Phenomenal Increase in Ratio
of Assessment Shown by
Comparison of figures for
Few Years
The state tax commlsison recently
announced the valuation of Arizona
mines, with a slight advance, as the
production has been cut materially in
the past year by strikes, and the as
sessment is based largely upon the
output. This output has increased im
mensely during the v past half dozen
years, but has hardly kept pace with
the rising mining assessments.
In 1912 the assessment on mining
property was only $45,000,000 or 31.7
per cent of the gross assesment of
the whole territory. With the first year
of statehood, the assessment jump
ed to $140,080,000 or 37.2 per cent, it
being understood that with statehood
came a full valuation of property
which hitherto had been assessed on
about a 50 per cent bases.
In 1916 the figures bad raised to
$216,879,000, or 44.2 per cent, and in
1917 to $393,421,536, or 56 per cent of
the gross valuation, an increase of
873 per cent since statehood.
With the railroads the mines thus
share in the payment of about two-
thirds of the state's revenue.
IMPORTANCE Ifl IIS
ASSAYS SHOW ORE FROM PROP
ERTY - NEAR CHARLESTON TO
CARRY PLATINUM IN CONSIDER
ABLE QUANTITIES, SAYS MR.
WOOLERY
The discovery that a strange looking
vein, supposed hitherto by L. C. Wool-
ery and John Moore, of this city, to be
barren "country rock carried approx
imately half an ounce of platinum to
the ton, may mean that the fortunes
of the two are made. The property.
situated near the historic town of
Charleston, now is being systemati
cally prospected by the two, prelimin-
nary to more active development.
Mr. Woolery, who until a few weeks
ago was connected with the Angius
grocery in Bisbee, was in the city
early last week preparing to- move his
family to the camp at the property,
having sold his house at Warren.
"I took an average sample of the
eight-inch veing of strange looking
rock to a Tombstone assayer a few
days ago," said he. "He said at once
it locked as though it might contain
platinum, though that hardly seemed
possible, as the known deposits in this
country were small and low grade.
His assays and tests confirmed the
original analysis. He said the sample
brought him ran about a half ounce to
the ton, which is Considered hign
grade for the metal."
The United States government nas
been doing everything in its power to
conserve platinum because of the in
tricate mechanism of some of the guns
being turned out requiring the metal.
Appeals have been directed to the peo
ple to turn in platinum jewelry; jewl-
ers have been instructed to make no
more use of it at present for purposes
of personal adornment, while all plat
inum vessels in the hands or cnem
ists, assayers and others, not required
for scientific purpose have been pur
chased by the government wherever
possible.
The importance of tne new aiscov-
ery, at Charleston, should it prove to
be what Mr. Wooiery hopes and says
he has reason to expect therefore
c,an be appreciated readily.
SANTA BARBARA GO.
DEVELOPING GOOD
B0D!ES0F PAY ORE
HAVE BODY OF HIGH GRADE
COPPER-SILVER AND LOT OF
LOW GRADE MILLING ROCK IN
PROPERTY SITUATED IN MAN
ZANAL MOUNTAINS OF SONORA
November, 1917. a partnership was
formed bv 12 BiFbee me'i and two
Cananea men, for the purpose of de
veloping some mining claim-; near
Cananea. Work has beet, toing on
continuously with from two to five
men -as they could he-uro neii and
f implies. They l:av" kiv:' 'ieu in de
veloping a large body of tiisii trade
coper-silver ore, tojjethe:- i; -i a lot
of It.w-grudo milling ore.
The property is sil.i.neil n. the I
Mauzanal mountains, on tut AKi' iaiij
road 15 miles southeast of Capin'M i
SHARE
BURDEN OE
With I'.OO feet of ilrifn.m. a iiali ( ;'n during .Inly pumped I he water out
Hino 'lit of wi'iziiig uii t r i wi 'in. i of the shnft and completely rfliiin
a report made on the prp i t y by C. hercd II. In Aimut slnkiiia opera
. i -aim- Imiii, ; n 1 1 n , i . it
Hi'- r oi
( Hliara. ,'i!;i:i"ilis; eoni.. -rv iM
how...
i'.'..e- 'jie iiavlr;-eJ T'O " wotth
'of copper-silver ore, uu the Zl per-
tenencias they have denounced, barely
scratched.
Owln to the laree ouantitv of free
milling, highly tili?i'):is ore they hate
developed. It was tlec'ded by the part
nership, in July of t!i; year, i' feim
a stock company of il an J inttail u
1'iU :ind otne:- in' ii".? rn.uhJr.ery rn
ilie property. A 50-ton mill has teen
purchased of the rjreene-Cananei Cop
per company and removed from
Imuris, 125 miles south of Cananea.
All the concentrator is in Cananea,
with the exception of the timbers,
which an enroute. In August they
purchased a two-drill Ingersoll-Rand
tompressor -om the Ingersoll-Rand
company at El Paso and other equip
ment, all of which is in Cananea
ready to be installed.
During September they encountered
a new vein seven feet in width, four
feet of rich ore on the footwall, and
three feet of milling ore on the hang-
l.lng-wall, the four feet on the footwall
assaying $4.80 gold. 23.4 ounces of
silver, and 13 per cent copper. One
foot of the richest ore on the footwall
assayed 75.6 ounces of silver and 34.1
per cent copper. Another new vein
:f pink quarts, eight inches in width
was encountered October 1, carrying
free gold, two small nuggets of which
were brought to Bisbee last week by
Sir. Mellineaux, who is in charge of
tne aeveiopment worx. ruey now
have 40 sacks of this high-grade copper-silver
ore ready for shipment as
soon as permit from Mexico City is
received.
With five men on the road, which
is nearing completion, and four men
stripping out the rich ore and piling
it on the dump, they soon wilt be in
the producing class.
The company has been incorporated
under the laws of Mexico for 150,0'id
shares par value of 1 peso, in the
name of the Santa Barbara Mining &
Milling company. Articles of incorpo
ration were drawn up by attorney
William D. King of Douglas, and be
ing completed last week they now
are in the hands of the mining agent
in Cananea, and the company will be
leady to issue stock certificates about
October 25. Contract has been entered
into with an EaAeru man to dispose
of 20,000 shares of stock at $1 per
hare in the East. However, any por
tion of this limited allotment can be
subscribed for in Bisbee at the office
of the company in room 14, Maze build
ing, over Wool worth's store, or at tn
juice of Collins & Bretherton, where
samples of the ore are displayed. The
.una wnich materia. Izes from the sale
of stock will be used to erect and put
the mill into operation, purchase a
motor truck and such other .equip
ment as they find themselves in im
mediate need of.
H. W. Aikenof ltisbee, secretary
treasurer. They have about 35 Bisbee
stockholders who are well pleased
witn the progress of their company
and the bright future it holds before
them.
VERDE EXTENSION TO
PAY DIVIDEND SOON
TO STOCKHOLDERS
(Continued from Pace Ona)
a pound in total. Since August 1 the
new smelter has run uninterruptedly
and should by now be turning out
about 4.500,000 pounds of copper per
month from 15 per cent ore.
Verde Extension now probably has
about 2.U00.000 tons of 10 per cent
average copper tenor containing about
$100,000,000 gross values. When the
ew smelter is completed 1,000 tons
will be treated daily with an annual
net profit of over $10,000,000 or nearly
10 a share. The figures are ultra
conservative and the belief is strong
among those in close touch with af
fairs that United Verde Extension will
sel at $75 a share within a year. Many
will recall the spectacular advance
from under $6 to around $45 in the fall
of 1916. Aside from this spetulative
possibility, Verde Extension is a lead
ing dividend payer of established
standing.
MOSSBACK MINE
HAS FINE RESERVE
(Continued from Page On)
bense that attention will again b-3
tailed to this zone and others will
want to duplicate the success of those
who have stood y the Mossback
The following is a verified account of
what the Mnssjiack has done:
In 1862 soldiers stationed at Silver
Creek to protect immigrants from
toe depredation' of Indians discovered
Eold on what is now the Arizona
Mossback claims. They had only
thick powder and the poorest of
mining facilities and were unable to
break through the nurd vein casino.
They abandoned the mine and it was
forgotten.
lu i:tl, Charles H Bmlock. while
on a prospecting tiip. lediacovered
the mine and held it until September.
1D17, when it was taken over by the
present owners, the Arizona Moss
back Minis company, a corporation
composed of capitalists from Cali
fornia and Wheeling. W. Va
The Mossback mine is, therefore.
one of the first gold di.-'coveries In
the O.'itman dlstric. It was workei
intermitti'i.tly by Mr liurlock over a
period of 17 years He. dirt in all about
1.700 feot of work and sunk the main
shaft tc a depth of ."00 ffel. The shaft
wa-; sunk upon -ii r- rlmte whim
gave assays of from $20 to $90 per
ton from the surface oown to the 200
foot level, where some very hiph
grade - stringers of ore were found,
one rnrrvine values as lilil as $1,800
in gold to the ton.
The pri''-t:t company bean active
operation In April of the present
year and Installed upon the property
:in entirely new plant, complete In
every detail nnd absolutely modern.
The plnnt, including the camn hnild-
lrs and eiinlptiK'nt cost $;!,r.llOt
on July 5th of this year the com
pany began work In the mine ltsell
i'im - v nro heriin jti the :',en foot level
mid th. shaft a driven downward in
j i'.ew sioinid for a few fer u hen the
ores took ou iuercased values, assay-
ing about $300 per ton. Since then
sinking has been going on continu
ously In good ores. At 435 feet the
increase in valuation of the ores has
become so great that old-time miners
in the district are amazed. One
streak of ore Is shot full of gold and
nl easily run $10,000 to the ton,
while much of the ore coming up the
stiait will run from $500 to $700 per
ton.
The company's objective is the 500
foot level, where a station will be
established and drifting south from
300 to 500 feet to an intersection of
ice 'Mossback" and the "Moss"
ledges, which form a contact upon the
Mossback ground at this point. On
the surface at the point of this con
tact a five-foot vein was discovered
uhich gave an assay, taken across the
live-foot face, of $2,853 per ton. This
was placed under lock and key to pre
vent high grading. It will be opened
up by the drft from the 500-foot leve;
and is expected to show phenomenal
values.
The Mossback ledge is approximate
ly 250 feet wide on the surface, that
being the measurement between what
appears to be the walls, but .on the
east at the 120-foot, the 200-foot and
the 300-foot levels, the so-called east
wall has been pierced at each level
and the ore still continued toward the
east, the breast of each cross cut
showing full in ore, which goes to
prove t'lat the east wall has not as
yet been found.
The pay ore body in the ledge upon
which all work has been done up to
date measures 18 feet in width at the
50-foot level, 25 feet wide at the 120
foot level, 45 feet wide at the 300-foot
level, with the east brvast of each
drift still in good ore.
It is estimated that there are 100,
O00 tons of ore blocked out or "in
sight" In the Mossback mine at this
date, wheh throughout will average
$25 per ton.
There is now on the dump about
3,000 tons of ore in much of which
free gold can be seen with the un
aided eye.
The company is working two shifts
and expects to reach the 500-foot level
in about two weeks' time, when drift
ing and cross cutting will be done to
determine the width of this high grade
ore body.
If the pay ore chute upon which all
the work has thus far been done con
tinues to widen consistently from the
300-foot level to the 500-foot level, it
is possible that it will fill the entire
width of vein matter, which will make
the Mossback one of the phenomenal
mines of the West.
The development of the property
so far as the present company it
concerned, has been under the man
agement of Charles W. Maier, the
president and general manager, a.
jisted by Superintendent Jack Lamb.
Flans are already being made for
a mill of from 200 to 300 tons daily
raj acity. There is now several years'
reserve supply of ore in sight. It is
expected that the. mill will be built
and in operation by the middle of
1919.
COPPER CONFERENCE.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 19. Charles
Hayderr" and D. C.'Jackling, represent
ing the copper producers of the coun
try, held informal conferences with
various members of the war industries
board for a discussion of the next
price-fixing conference to be held on
October 25.
The copper producers submitted a
part of the data to be used by the
board in determining whether or not
a revision of the existing price is
justified by an increase in producing
costs.
r
Buy Your
Business Stationery
In Bulk
Why pay extra money for fancy
boxe3 and wrappings? ' Get it with
out the frills, cut to any size you
wish, made up into packages, pacts
or tablets to suit your needs.
We have a very good grade ot
TYPEWRITER BIPER which
we are selling at $1.35 per ream
(6y2xll inches)
Also a good assortment of
Envelopes all sizes
Ruled Index Cards
Mailing Tubes assorted
Carbon Paper
Blotting Paper, Etc.
Review Job Printing
Dep
Phone 39
v..
TOMBSTONE YOUTHS
DANGEROUSLY ILL
Two Tombstone boys. James Gla
roba and George Chambers, who are
at the naval training station at Gulf
port, Miss., are seriously ill with in-lluenza-pneumonia,
according to tele
grams received Wednesday night by
relatives. Tony Giacoma and brother.-
John, and Mr. and Mrs. J. S.
Chambers left yesterday morning on
the Golden State Limited from Ben
son for Gulfport, having been re
quested to go by the hospital authori
ties. The news came as a shock to
the many friends of both boys, since
nothing had been heard from them
that they were 111 from the. disease.
The auxiliary of the Red Cross re
ceived two telegrams from the field
director of the Red Cross advising
of the illness of the boys and notify,
ing them to devise the parents and
relatives of the boys that they would
receive the best of care, it is hoped
that their illness will not prove seri
ous and word is expected from Mr.
Giacoma and Mrs. Chambers as soon
as they arrive.
"Save the pits!" Surely. And the
bottomless one for the kaiser! Chi
cago Daily News.
Repair and
Of Warren District
r HOOVERIZE ON YOUR OLD CLOTHES
Let us mend, repair and clean
your suits so they will look like new.
THE QUALITY TAILORS
Main Street Satisfaction guaranteed Bisbee
GATES HALF SOLE TIRES
Will give you 500 more miles when your original
tires are worn out. Let us show you these mileage savers.
J. O. Main, Prop. LOWELL MOTOR CO. Lowell
ALTERATIONS
If you have garments that you wish altered to meet
the new styles, bring them to me, now. Repairing, clean
ing and pressing.
FRUITMAN'S FASHION SHOP -
Opposite Eagle Theater Bisbee, Ariz.
WE REBUILD YOUR WORNOUT TIRES
A Hyde & Strack Retread on a worn out tire saves
you at least one-third the price of a new tire, and will
make the tire repeat its original mileage. We absolutely
guarantee all the work. Nothing but the best material
and workmanship.
HYDE AND STRACK
Johnson Addition Experts in Tireology Phone 859
artment
BOOZE ii IUE3
10 FOOL THE SICK
Read the label. You can bank on it
if the label read IS to 20 per cent
alcohol that Bucn a meaicine depends
on its whiskey effect to sell it. Most
of these "wonderful" tonics and "mas
ter medicines" make the patient feei
temporarily better from the stimulat
ing effect while at the same time they
are undermining health.
"Number 40 i'or The Blood, con
tains but 9 per cent alcohol and yon
can not driak it "ad libitum." One
teaspoonfui is a dose for an adult. It
is an old doctor's prescription and has
been successfully employed in blood
poison, mercurial and lead poisoning,
scrofula, rheumatism, catarrh, consti
pation, liver and stomach troubles. Un
der its use nodes, tumors, goitre and
scrofulous swellings, that have with
stood all other treatment, disappear
as if by magic.
Made by J. C. Mendenhall, 40 years
a druggist. Kvansviile, Ind.
Cold by Central Pharmacy, Bisbee,
Ariz., Lowell Drug Co., Lowell, Ariz
Recent events seem to have taken
the "blatf.out of the TageblatL New
York Mora ing Telegram.
Renovating
ml
.Upstairs THREE
I Of Interest to Women I Y WOMAN MAKES
4tK
We are told that the two newest ( with the draping on one side only and
notes of the season are the coat wraps i the other edge straight. When the
and the narrow Bkirts. The coat-wrap
has as its reason for being the com
posite idea that it is to serve its
country in a double role of a street
coat and an evening wrap, while the
narrow skirt reflects economy in its
width even while it shows a tendency
to lower itself towards the ankles.
The double role is not an uncommon
one in the winter's program. There
are even patriotic costumes which
carry this further and aspire to play a
triple part in winning the war. A suit
for example of blue serge has three
camouflaging accessories which have
carried it through the autumn as a
tailored suit, a dressy suit and an aft
ernoon frock quite successfully.
This suit began by not meeting
across the front of the jacket, a note
of the winter's modes by the way
and then provides itself with three
ways of filling in the front. The first
way is kept for morning wear. This
is a plain laundered vest of white
pique, with belt, collar and cuffs to
match. The vest buttoned down the
front with -white pearl buttons and
had tailored button holes of red, while
the belt was slipped through two slits
in the serge jacket and had red eye
lets. The collar is a part of the vest
and very small as befits a morning coi-
straight edee is lapped over the ri.uht
side it is suitable for the street while
it takes on an evening aspect when
the reverse ig the case. A little frock
of this kind thus serves double duty
when you have long sleeves and a
chemisette collar to raise the neck
line in the daytime and a swatling
sash, a low neck and no sleeves to
speak of for the nisht. The matter
of the sleeves is quite easy, for they
can be, of georgette in the long loose
bell shape so much favored now and
can be attached to a separate net lin
ing cn which the chemisette collar
is founded. If the silk of the frock is
figured the sleeves may match it in
a plain color while the chemisette and
wide collar for afternoon may be of
white organdie or of white net. If
silk is plain and after all soft silks
are more apt than not to be plain this
year, the sash for evening may be one
of those lovely eastern silks so rich in
coloring or of the wide ribbons In
flowered or fancy striped effects. The
neck too may need a little additional
attention for evening and here the soft
line of the chemise collar may play
its part in chiffon or a brilliant hued
satin.
Another way of camouflaging the
separate skirt is that of the belt with
MA
MUCH
E
ASHAMED OF SELF
Somewhere 'in France Mis
Ellen Gow Drives Big Truck
Under Adverse Conditions
for Army
lar. The cuffs were a bit more swag- ,Pets or the novel side panels The
ger, being rather wide and held to-;
foundational skirt is a straight shirred
gether outside the serge sleeve with a :?ne 01 8aun or incoune sucn as may
large pearl button and red button hole. I " wucrn Wltn a vnlty cnufon or crepe
With . oarrioH . j it K,. de chine morning jacKet fur dress up.
-.,... .. .J;.;.... .. Kl.
of the new closed kind and a small
I whila the additiou of the belt cnanges
red sailor f rhonilla onrt ' " "io a laiioreu spun sun. ior muru-
a close leather toque of some other
brilliant color may be worn with it.
For the afternoon there is another
was loneer than the first nnrt j in the panel itself.
wide revers extending into draped sur
plice sash ends which were slipped
ing wear with a simple waisi. The
side panels are a little newer than
the pockets but some combine the two.
having the pocket of Ihe slit variety
The whistles at Globe blew prompt
thr,, , n. i k 't ly at 11 o'clock Sunday morning and
and carried around the waist to the many persons throughout the city rev-
1 1 t- 1 1. mi. 1 . ciciiciv uiavcru iui , il"' j iuc
r . .. . inont h'b inaugurated un
tons only four of them showing be
low the wrapping revers are of serge
ment was inaugurated under the aus
pices of the Women's Relief Corps of
Globe and it is hoped to make this
each revere pointing as well as each j daily prayer for victory a lastins cus"
sash had an insert of the serge em
torn.
broidered in dull Oriental colors, a
clever touch designed to give the vest
a permanent look and throw dust in
the eyes of an unsuspecting public.
In its afternoon guise the jacket
sleeves were allowed to retain their I
tight fitting lines below the elbow
and were only camouflaged by the ad
' dition of narrow black satin cuffs
which were snapped in beneath the
werga and gave a more dressy length
to the sleeve.
A large cart wheel sailor of black
satin faced up with white and orna
mented with yellow hand painted dais
ies completes the second phase of this
versatile suit.
While the third phase begins with
not only a vest but a long stole collar
of velvet turned back on each side of
thA Iflrlrpt nnrt ft wirin rnikh ertrvHo nf '
the same rich material. This trans-,
formed makes a suit into an after
noon dress of the coat style and the j
velvet being of a slightly greenish ;
cast harmonized the blue of the fine !
soft serge with the peacock colorings i
of the embroidered vest of blue satin, ',
while a velvet cuff has a fancy tab of
the embroidered satin easily held in :
place with a basted stitch or two. The '
stole ends of the velvet are finihsed j
with the fashionable and ever present i
fringe. j
la all three forms the skirt remains
the same, but being of a plain modish '
cut was equally suitable for each. !
With the last costume a velvet cape
and a large mushroom poke of beaver j
and pale green satin completes the il-!
lusion of a gown moving in the best i
circles of society.
There is also an adjustable skirt
that which is the wrapped sort fasten
ing over to one side or the other and
presenting a straight plainness or a
draped fullness according as to wheth
er that side be the right or the left.
This would be very easily effected for 1
the material is of soft silk and is made j
Miami Copper company did the un
expected in August by shattering all
previous monthly records for copper
production running up a total of
5.373,198 pounds, an increase of 5S6,
116 over that of July. This amount
compares with 5,349,000 pounds in
June of last year, the previous high
mark.
Of course the brewers are entitled to
an organ provided they don't expect
it to play German tunes. Birmingham!
Age Herald.
17
FECIAL
Serge dresses $22.50
Actual value $35.00
Silk Poplin Skirts .$ 4.95
FRUITMAN'S
FASHION SHOP
Main Street
.. Opposite Eagle Theater..
(By ELOISE ROBINSON)
PARIS, Sept. 30, (By Mail.) The
lieutenant looked worried and a little
apologetic.
"I don't like to ask it. ' I know that
isn't what the Y. M. C. A. is for. But
if it is possible"
"How about it, Miss Gow? You're
the one to say." The divisional sec
retary turned to the woman in the
motor transport uniform.
"Why, certainly, lieutenant. If you're
not afraid to trust me. I've never
driven a truck of this kind, or any car
as heavy as that, and you're taking a
risk.
"111 take it!" The lieutenant's
frowa disappeared. "Gosh, that sets
my mind at rest! If 1 sent the only
man I have down to Paris for the
truck he would be a month getting
back with it, an' goodness only knows
what condition it would be in when
it got here. Hut I'll rest easy if you
undertake it. If you can get back' in
side of two weeks I wish you'd do it.
So Miss Ella Gow, a Scottish wom
an serving with the American Y. M.
C. A., who, by the way, has been
decorated for distinguished service to
the Serbian government went to
Paris and brought back the truck. She
isn't very big. herself, and everybody
said she couldn't do it. They didn't
know her.
She came driving up the hill into
V ni just a week from the time she
had left, and one day and night of
that time had been spent on the train
getting to Paris.
"She works a little hard, lieutenant,"
Miss Gow told the officer. "You have
to shove her clear through to fourth
and then bring her back to where
you w ant her."
The lieutenant tried to shove her.
He couldn't. He pushed and panted
and became red in the face and used
bad words. But nothing worked.
"She is a beast," Miss Gow admit
ted. "You have to get oh to her. But
I think I can make her all right if you
don.'t mind my taking her apart."
"Do anything you want," growled
the lieutenant.
So Miss Gow took her apart, and
now the lieutenant can drive her.
WEEKLY NEWS LETTER YOURG
MEN'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION
OF WARREN MINING DISTRICT
Bisbee Fuel and
THE DRIMWIWAjA
noons ami
WIFE LEAVE FOR EAST
DOUGLAS, Oct. 19. At the depot
Thursday night there were a number
of friends of Maj. and Mrs. J. S Doug
las to bid them good-bye as they- tcok
their departure for the east. Major
Douglas en route to France, and Mrs.
Douglas to New York, where she will
visit with her son, Jimmy, now in
school there.
They will stop In Washington for
a few days befcre proceeding to New
York for a visit with friends there.
Major Douglas went to France a
year ago, having tendered his services
to the Red Cross without compensa-i
tion. He was soon put in charge of
Red Cross warehouses and stores in
France and he was then commissioned
as major. He was joined by W. H.
Brophy, of Bisbee, who became his
assistant and has been in charge of
the work during his visit to America,
having made the trip on account of
the serious illness of his father, who
died a few days after his return to
New York.
After the burial of his father, Ma
jor Douglas came to his home here j
and addressed the residents of the
city, telling them of conditions and ,
his experiences in France. He also I
spoke at Bisbee, Phoenix. Prescott, I
and Jerome and his recital of war;
conditions and the outlook for the j
future was a treat to those who heard 1
him. His visit to Jerome was timed I
with the inauguration of the newj
smelter of the United Verde Exten-
sion. Later he went for a trip into
Canada for the purpose of getting rid j
of an attack of hay fever.
Major Douglas does not take any
stock in the recent peace proposals i
coming from Germany and has little j
hope that real peace, the only kind !
that should ever be considered, a 1
peace after the unconditional sur-1
render of the enemy, will be realized 1
before the end of next year. He rec-1
ognized the strong military forces and 1
great fortifications which must be j
shattered before the forces of the al
lies will be able to even reach Ger- i
man soil. !
Following is a letter written for the
"Y" Weekly News Letter by Alonzo
Crittenden, formerly a very active
"Y" member, but now a Y. M. C. A.
secretary at Camp Cody, N. M.:
To the Y. M. C. A. and My Other
Friends in Bisbee; Greeting:
The other day some nice person in
Bis'jee sent me a copy of the Sunday
Review. There was no return address,
so I take this opportunity to thank
him. for his kindness. It felt good to
see it again, and I read it from be
ginning to end. And it seemed to me
to reflect the sturdy honesty, farrness
and genuineness of Bisbee. The edi
torials were especially good.
It has not been lqng in point of time?
since I left to enter this Y. M. C. A.
war work, but in experience it has
seemed a long time. I want especially
to be remembered to my friends of the
Lowell mine. I am wearing their part
ing gift all the time, and it goes to
France with me when I go, which I
hope will be very soon. I hav been
stationed at El Paso, Nogales, on troop
train service, and finally here at Camp
Cody.
Here my knowledge of Spanish
comes in handy. I am cne of the only
two Y secretaries who speak Spanish
fluently, so it often falls to my lot to
address the Spanish-American (we
can't call them Mexicans) soldiers XX
in the beautiful Castilian tongue. My
only regret is. that the Bisbee Spanish
club ain't hear my flights of elo
quence. And I always get applause too.
Of course, they may think that they
have to applaud, (as they are detailed
as a military duty to hear me speak)
but I like to think that it is spontan
eous. Speaking their language gives
me fine opportunities of service among
these people, and they are very ap
preciative. In this work you do things that you
never dreamed that you could do be
fore, and its keeps one's faculties fully
alive. This American army, in its
average intelligence and character, is
undoubtedly the best army in the
wocld. To borrow a phrase from
Shakespeare, "They are e'en as brave
men as my conversation ever coped
withal " We play football twice a
week, and though it is a long time
since my football days, I line up with
the second team to help give the boys
some practice. I make .myself a
"willing sacrifice to make an army
holiday." The other day I played end
and plunged into the rushing line of
khakee in a devoted and desperate at
tempt to break up the opposing inter
ference, and turn the runner in to the
tender mercies of our own halfback.
When this is over I intend to come
back, as there are no better people
any here. Just a wdrd more. If any
one feels like giving the soldiers a
real boost, and don't know just what
to do, write a letter to one or more
of then At the front they say that
the arrival of the mail is more import
ant than a battle, because a letter
represents the things that make a bat
tle worth while.
Au Revoir.
ALONZO CRITTENDEN,
Sec'y Army Y. M. C. A., Camp Cody,
New Mexico. j
the kaisT." With his uniform and
bright earnest eyes, Herman looked fit
for the fray, as He made his plea to
join the army.
A letter has been received from A.
B. Richardson, formerly general sec
retary of the Bisbee association, but
now executive secretary for the Du
Pont Young Men's Christian associa
tion at Jacksonville, Tennessee. His
many friends in the Warren district
will be glad to learn that his health
has greatly improved, but as a result
of his great responsibility for that en
ormous association, he has had to out
line quite a severe program for him
self, but we are ell sure he is capable
of it, ami trust that his health con
tinues to improve. He states in his
letter that the baildings are litorally
jammed continuously, and there Is a
membership of 8300 in two buildings,
and another is to be opened this
month. The association is also being
used as churches five services beln
hell, aside froiu several men's Sunuay
classes. He sends his best regards to
his many Bisbee friends.
Six hundred and seventy men w-re
examined at tile "Y" building Tuesday.
Four doctors from Phor.nix. and two
from Douglas were called, in order to
ccmt-lete the work iu a day. The vork
was te'iin at ! o'clock in th-j morning,
and men were continuoi jly being ex
amined until 9 o'clock that night. On
account of the epidemic, not more than
fifteen men were permitted to enter
the building at one time.
Henry Aiken left Thursday evening
for Baltimore, Md., on an extended
busines strip in the interest of the
Cannun Ajr Brake association. Mr.
Aiken states that this is another pure
ly business trip, and this time he ex
pects to return a millionaire sure.' He
also states that the Bisbee girls are
far more suitable to him, and instead
of bringing a young bride back wi'h
him, he intends to take or,e away the
very next time he leaves dear old Bisbee.
4 'W
-4 &
Phone 121
Office Below Copper Queen Hotel
zS kj (CO s
Have you stored your winter's
supply of coal yet? If not it's
time to get busy! A shortage
is possible. BUY NOW!
sbee Fu
el and
Feed Company
Phone 121
G.T'sr: B: !ov- Copper Queen Hold
The boys' department is planning a
big membership rally toi the ntcnth of
December, in order to increase the
present membership of the boys' de
partment. This is expected to te the
largest rally ever held in the boys' de
partment, and means a lot of work for
each and every member.
The boys who are out at Lewis
Springs this week all report a very
good time. Mr. Thompson, tne boys'
secretary, i3 out with them at the pres
ent time, and the boys say they get
three squares a day, and good eats.
They have their daily plunge in the
lake. Mr. Thompson would like to
have about twenty more boys out with
in the next few days, and requests
that all boys who are interested sej
the secretary at the desk in the men's
department.
J. H. Hatton, teacher of Hi-Y night
school, and an active member ot the
"Y," is just recovering from an attack
of influenza.
Master Herman Kroloff, about five
years old, came into the "Y" last
Thursday morning, and asked for the
privilege of enlisting to go and "kill
The boys' department is planning a
big Hallowe'en party to be held Hal
lowe'en night, provided the quarantine
is raised. They are planning on big
stunts previous to the entertainment,
after which refreshments, will be
served. This will be the largest Hal
lowe'en party ever held by the boys'
department, and is looked forward to
with much pleasure by each member
of the department.
1 1J
mmim
Die
IrlliSl h
and Mothers Plead in Vain?
BUY MORE
Liberiv Bonds!
REVIEW WANT AOS
BRING RESULTS
N3
"American soldiers close up profi
teer. Paris. September 24." Showing
what you enn do if you only go far
enouph away from home. New York
Evening Post.
Richard Glaze. Opn. D-N.D.
Practice Limited to Eye and Nerve
Dlaorders.
Phone 1S6. Office and residence
first house wet of Masonic Temple.
Main Street Bisbee, Arizona.
Glass's fitted bw the latest method.
Sold Everywhere, in Bottles Only
BISBEE TRANSFER.
STORAGE & COAL CO.
Warehouse & Office Opposite Depot
PHONES 640 and 50.
A SERIES OF
LITTLE TALKS ABOUT
YOUR
f . ( )
NO matter how WILLING a servant
may be it's poor policy to exact efforts
beyond that servant's strength.
Any Ford will do all it is intended to do
in the way of carrying loads and every
Ford owner knows that it is built for
sturdy service.
But the way some Fcrds are regularly
loaded beyond any reasonable burden is a
constant invitation to costly trouble.
This constant overloading is a detri
ment to your engine, your springs, your
running gear, your tires, everything.
If you've been doing that sort of thing
with your Ford better have us put it in
shape for you. Then quit overloading.
Hood & Bledsoe
Phone 686 - ' - Bisbee
;arrett
Mer-Lasnc Koonn.
See advertisement on inside cover of Saturday Evening
Post of August 3. We have a full car in stock.
Bisbee Lumber Co. inc.
EMIL MARKS, Mgr. Lowell Car Stop PHONE 25
1
L. J. OVERLOOK, BROKER
Correspondents: Paine, Weber & Co., Boston, Duiuth, Calumet.
LOGAN A. BRYAN, NEW YORK AND CHICAGO
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
AND HIGH CLASS CAFE
The best of every thina at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 60c luncheon dailv. A'.- $1.00 dinner from
5:S to 7:30 p. m. Regular Board by the month, $45 00
Henry Poj.pea, Menager.
r
Men Gasped. Women Fainted. Deckhands
Seized the Man and Dragged Him Back
"Let me go turn me loose!" he struggled
frantically to leap ashore. "They've got
to stop feeding you rvseat!" growled one
of the sailors, taking a firmer hold. "I m
not crazy I simply forgot to put an Ad
in The Review Classified Columns!"
Everything New OPPOSITE DEPOT Everything First C'ass
U. S. A. HOTEL
The Mist Centrally Located Hotel In Bisbee. Phone Green 6
ROOMS L'Y DAY, WEEK OR MONTH
I
J THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1918.
FOUR
Another Lot
Honor Roll
The fight is over. It only remains
to cheer. But let us not forget to give
credit where credit is due. Herewith
is printed another list of subscribers
to the fourth Liberty loan. Other lists
will follow until the toll is completed:
LIST OF SUBSCRIBERS AND SUB-
SCRIPTIONS BANK OF BISBEE,
fi occ oc nilSINFSS OCT. 18.
Albert C. Aaron
Mrs. Marie Aaron
A. O. Alexander
J as. Allison
J. P. Alves
Vincenzo Amico
John Anderson
J. B. Angius
Ernest Araiza
C. G. Arbuckle
Mrs. Elsie R. Ashton
S. E. Atwood
Frank Anibell
H. C. Ayres
John Bugan
C. J. Baker
Bessie T. Bankerd
Barker, L. E
E. M. Barnett
Wm. Bashore
E. J. Battistessa
Frank L. Bauer
Mrs. Henry Beard
Geo. Bell
Willis Bell
A. H. Bennie
B. Bentley
W. E. Best
W. H. Beynon
John Bickle
Bisbee Warren Copper Co.
Fuller Bishop
Clara A. Black
J. F. Blackmore
Chris Bojanich
Bessie J. Bowden
John J. Bower
Miss Jean Boyd
Erma Rhea Brakfield
S. J. Brandt
$ 350
' 50
50
100 I
100 i
100
100
200 i
100
50
200
100
100
50
100
100
100
200
100
300
50
50
50
50
100 i
400 j
50 l
50
50
T. T. Brayfield 100
Geo. A. Bridge f 1,000
Geo W. Brown
100
50
100
300
50
Mrs. J. J. Brown
Kathleen V. Burhman
Morris Bury ,
Johanna Burtow
Buxton Smith Co 750
C. B. Cain
C. B. Cain
Cullen A. Cain
C. A. Cain
Fhronsie Cain
Frances E. Callahan
Mrs. Win. Callister
200
200
100
100
50
50
50
Mrs. Lydia H. Cannon 100
Martin F. Cannon 200
John Campbell 100
E. C. Campbell 100
Carlos Campos 50
Geo. M. Carlisle 100
Jane Carter 50
G. Chapman 50
Mrs. Clara E. Chambers 50
John F. Chain -100
M. Chauvez 50
J. C. F. Christian 5o
A. A. Clouthier 200
F. E. Coles 250
Emma W. Collins 50
Huber A. Collins 50
Mrs. A. W. Colter 100
Joseph J. Compton 500
J. E. Connell 100
J. P. Connoer 500
D. O. Cotton 100
A. J. Craig 50
Bernardette N. Crean 50
C. W. Cromwell 600 I
Sue Crotty 50
Mrs. Sue Crotty .' 200
James R. Cunningham
Lister M. Cummings . ,
Cunningham, M. J. ..,
Purl Cushman ,
S. H. Dale ,
Franklin Dawson
S. J. Davey ,
N. V. Dean
F. M. Dearborn
A. F. De Borra
Wm. A. Dell
Peter Delmas
Mrs. C. Detloff
Lucile M. Detloff
J. B. DeRee
John Diamos
Mrs. Lucy E. Devine
Chas. Dodd
Douglas, J. S
Mrs. Joseph P, Downs
Margaret Doyle ... ..
F. D. Duncan
Dr. R. B. Durfee
Mrs. C. A. Durley ...
Mrs. E. M. Durley ..
C. O. Earp
Mrs. H. C. Edwards ..
John Edwards
Augusta Eiting
Mrs. Katherine Ellis .
Morris J. Elsing
Francisco Enemas . . .
50
Helen Engasser
O. P. Engelder
John Fav 100 Montgomery, H. J. ...
Flossie Fernette '. 50 1 w- Sforgenstein ......
James Finnev, jr 100 j VV. Morgenstein
J. A. Finney, sr 100 McHcnry Mosier
Juan Firado 50 T- A. Mosier
Miss Lonie Fite loo -lohn Murgela
K. C. Flaharty 100 , John J. Newell
Florence 1. Foster 100 H. St. Nickerson
R. M. Fox 50 Mrs. J. E. Norris
Frankenberg Bros. & Newman. .10,000 Arthur Not man
Clara K. Frankenberg 100 ' H. F. Nyberg
Alex Gordon Frankenberg 50 Carter H.Nason
Jas. F. Fraser 100 , Fred Oates
Mrs. John E. Fry lOOlJohn H. Oates
Ivan Gale 50 I O'Donnell, Jas
Sadie Gale 50 Chas. E. Oir
Watch Your Blood Supply,
Don't Let Impurities Creep In
Ture Blood Means Perfect
Health.
The average druggist has handled
hundreds of medicines in his day,
pome of which have lonjr since been
"forgotten.
Lut there 13 one that has been sold
by the druggists throughout this
country, for more than fifty years,
and that is S. S. S, the reliable blood
of Names for
of Liberty Loan
H. M. Gallagher
W. F. Ganienthaler
Win. S. George
i Martha Louise Gerrish
Mrs. V. C. Gerrish
Mrs. Jcsefa Gherna
J- M. Gibbs & Co
;J- M- Gibbs, jr.
500
100
100
50
50
2J0
1,000
200
100
250
50
50
50
100
5u
100
100
50
100
50
500
50
250
50
100
50
. luiueimmu wuu
John Gibson ....
Mrs. Jaci Gilbert
Gladys Gillman .
Margaret Gilnian
Tom Gjurgevich .
Ben Gold
J. M. Goodhue ...
50 i
:.:iV. F. Gowenthai
2oO!.T
N. E. Greer
50 .
Chas. S. Griffith
50i;
J. M. Gibbs
Leon Haggard
Lee Hall
i Thomas Hargis
iThos. Hargis ..
! Sam O. Ham . .
en l
""I James H. Harrington
50
100
50
50
400
50
100
50
100
50
50
50
100
100
E. J. Harrison
E. J. Harriscn
50
G. B. Harrison
I Dan rhQo W Huml-man
1(1(1
f", Mrs. Henry Howe
M. Hefley
Chris Keikkinen
Thos. Henry
Shirrell Hemes
C. W. Hicks
Barbara Hinters
E. T. Haagus
Henry Hodges
Gladys M. Hodgson 200
Gladys Hodgson 50
Mrs. Blanche L. Hoffman 2,000
C. H. Hogan 200
B. N. Hage 100
W. H. Holcombe 100
A. W. Howe 100
Walter Hubbard 200
Eula Hudgens 50
Mrs. T. A. Hughes 250
Sam Iiule 300
E. M. Ivey 100
Geo. Jay 50
Cora B. Johnson 50
Johnson, Karl A. W. 200
Vance M. Johnson 300
Lewis Jones 50
W. H. Jones 50
Lee Jovanovich 50
Frances Annie Juliff 50
C. Harman Jury 100
S. H. Jury 100
Mrs. Laura Kahn 300
Mrs. Anna B. Kauble 50
Solomon Koran 100
Catherine C. Keating 300
Ignatius Kehoe 100
Gilbert Krider 50
Mrs. D. J. Kennedy 50
Mrs. Adelaide Kindred 100
Mrs. J. Ed. King 50
Anton Klein 300
Henry Knopp 300
Mrs. A. M. Kratz 300
J. C. itrigbauni ... 100
Mrs. W. T. Lake
50
Lanning, J. E
Edw. C. Larson
Walter Latham ......
Mrs. Delta J. Leonard
Carl LeRoy
Venita Lewis
200
50
50
50
50
50
Ora D. Likins 500
A. H. Livingston
Gladys Livingston
George Walter Lobb .
Winifred Lobb
Geo. Lock wood .......
50
5
50
50
50
50
100
50
500
1,000
50
150
50
150
100
50
200
50
iCelestine Lombardine
Paul Lorenzen
Mrs. Catherene Louis .
50 ;
F. W. Lowrey
0 !
25(jo ! Loyalty League of Am.
gfj Harry B. Ludford . . . . ,
3(,0jLee Lugich ..
50 ' Clarence M. Lynn ......
tjo Mary Maffeo ,
100 ' Rr- c- Mandin ,
50 Rev. Constant Mandin ,
100 i frank B. Mason
ion I Miss Fable Mastin .
i Mr. Clifton Mathews 500
100 ' Ada F. Maxam
50 j M. G. Mayer
50 ! L- Maynard
200' J- McDonald
100 j Mrs. Siattie McDonald .
1 000 i Roy'- McDonald
lo!oOOiJ- T- McGraw
50 j Mrs. Nora McGinnis ..
100 i H. S. McKay
50 : Earl E. SIcKittrick . . .
100 i I- E- Mecorney
100 Lovic Sledigovich
50 Sam M. Medigovich
300 ! Hortensia Mendez
10 I Miguel Slendoza
50 , Mercantile Banking Co.
100 Charlie Metz
50 ; W. A. Meyer
100 Mitchell, Emiiy J
50 Jean Mognier
50
100
50
100
100
50
100
200
750
200
50
50
100
50
50
1.000
50
300
50
200
50
50
50
50
50
100
10
. 50
1,000
500
50
500
60
50
50 Mrs. Consepsion Molina
50 Cha. H. Moore
100
100
100
2i0
medicine, that is purely vegetable.
Many druggists have seen wonderful
results accomplished among' their
customers by this great old medicine,
and they know that S. S. S. is one of
the most reliable blood purifiers ever
made. Keep your blood free of im
purities by the use of this honest old
medicine, and if you want medical
advice, you can obtain same without
cost bv writinar to Medical Director,
Swift Specific Co., 23 Swift Labora
tory, Atlanta, Ca.
100
50
100
300
50
100
100
50
200
ion
100
50
50
200
50
50
50
100
100
100
500
100
Wm. Richards
Miss Kate Riley
Mrs. Henry Roberts
100
50
50
300
100
200
100
50
50
50
200
100
100
50
100
100
100
100,
50
300
100
500
50
100
50
50
400
100
400
100
100
50
100
50
50
100
50
500
50
100
50
100
100
50
3,000
50
50
250
100
50
100
100
200
200
100
50
200
50
100
50
200
500
300
400
1,450
100
50
50
200
150
50
100
50
50
50
50
50
50
50
100
100
100
50
200
50
50
100
100
200
50
300
500
50
50
150
200
50
100
100
50
. 50
100
500
50
500
500
100
J. V. Robinson
Manuel Robles
John C. Rogers
Mary E. Rogers
Rosa A. Rork
Sloni Radcliffe
Hilburn G. Ruff
Lena E. Ruff
Mary E. Ruff
Mrs. J. Fred Ryan
J. C. Ryan
Mrs. J. Fred Ryan
Fred P. Rylance
Mildred Saelid
O. M. Saelid
J. Sandrick
John Sanders
Mrs. Mathilda Sanders
C. F. Schalk
Wm. E. Schiller
Mr. Magt Schmid
Mrs. Oscar J. Schneider
C. C. Schroder
Mary Scott
Joe Segar
Michael Shanoban
Jas. A. Shepherd
Jas. A. Shepard
Mrs. M. B. Shilliam
Mrs. Anne Shine
Melvin Silk
John F. Sinclair
Sinclair, Leonard
Mrs. A. E. Sisson
Sisters of Loretto
Cleveland G. Smith
Mary A. Smith
P. G. Smith
Therese B. Sieffert
Mrs. Clarie E. Sommers
Peter Sorensen
Mrs. Emmett Spaulding
Elizabeth Stamper
Standard Oil Co
John P. Steffes
Mrs. Lydia Stuart
J. G. Sutherland
Eugene Sutter
Ros'j Suttey
Mrs. Bertha Swanson
Mrs. SI. H. Swiney
Abraham Tabet . . '. .,. . .
Chas. Tabet
B. C. Tarbell
G, L. Taylor
J. F. Teufert
J. Frank Thayer
Abraham Thomas
V. Thomas
C. S. Thompson
N. C. Thompson
Tom F. Tong
Chas. Townsend
Tucson Cornelia & G. B. R. N.
Co. employes
Agnes Turner . .
Oliver L. Turner
Earl Twomey
John Twomey
C. H. Vail
Manuel R. Valdez
Joe Vallero
Mrs. Helen S. Van Hulen .......
Mrs. Nellie G. Vickers
Vicente Villega
Vinnie V. Wacek
Joseph Wuelite
D. C. Walton
Anna Wallace
Mrs. Leah Warner
R. E. Warner
Mrs. Mary Alice Warrack
Mrs. H. M. Warren
Washburn, C. T
Mar J. Webster
W. T. Wells
J. S. Wertz
Oma V. Westcott
Dr. C. R. White
Wm. E. White
E. E. Whiteley
E. E. Whiteley
Wm. Wickstrom
Jennie E. Wilcox
Benjamin Wilson
Witt, Carl J
Ethel Woilinan
John Wohlschlege'l
Helen M. Wood burn
John W. Woods
Mrs. A. M. Wray
R. iL Wren
Chas. R. Wright
Mrs. R. P. Yarbrough
H. M. Zinor
II. SI. Zinor
Dr. Nadio Zciuum
CITIZENS BANK & TRUST CO.
Allen, Lenora $ 50
Allen, Lenora 50
Brittle 100
Bnckett, Florence 50
Putler, Dorris H 50
Mutter, Dorris 1! 50
Carney, Slargaret I'M)
Carney, Slargaret I'M)
Chase, P.. S. . 5i
Chase. It. S 50
Citizens Bank & Trust Co 10.000
Cook. F. W 50
Core, Opal 50
Cnupland, Richard 100
Dr. Edmiston Darragli 1.00,1
Flnity, E 500
Klannican, E. J 200
Hodgson, J. P. and Ellen 1.500
HodESon, J. P. and Ellen 1.500
Hodgson. Marshall J 100
Hodgson, Walter 100
Hoy, Asa Theo f.O
Hoy. Nellie 50
Hudson. II. J 100
Jones, Chas. L. 50
Lange. Wm. Elliott 50
Lush. E 50
Maddock. l.ula .Mae P'O
Merrill. M. W 10
Murray. Alex 100
Nikolilki. E 100
Patterson, F. K 100
Sal.ln. J. P 100
f Uields. Hazel 1"0
Simmons, Ed 100
Chas. E. Orr
Daniel C. Ontivero
Hans Overson
D. E. Page
L. Page
J. Panas
Henry Pearce
Chas. P. Peters
Angelas Petsones
James L. Powell .
Ben Pyeatt
J. J. Quill
C. R. Ragsdale
Chas. W. Rambo
A. J. Ramsey
Eugene Reilly
John Reilly . .'
Ted A. Rhodios
Mrs. Annie Richards
W. A. Richards
W. A. Richards
500
10!)
50
50
Watkins, Florence
Yelland. Thos 100
Rvrpns Ida 100
Dodds, O. F 100
Fruit, E. E. Mrs 150
Gaffney, Catherine 100
Halle. Rosa W 100
Hanscorn, Nellie 100
Kennedy. Mrs. E. A 100
SlcWhorters, Austin B 50
SIcWhorters. Ellen Mrs.'. lft0
Penney & Co 00
Slade, Harry SI '. 50
Sullivan, Sirs. A. B 50
Val-nzulla, A. C 100
Betcher, J. W 100
Block, Arthur 100
Fritzens, John 10
Brown, O. W. 50
rhanman. Edith 50
Clark, Ada B 200
Diamond, G. W 50
Dill. R. A 50
Dortch, W. B 50
Kerrel', Lester J 50
Ford. Ida J 50
Garrett, W. W. 100
Gunn, Wm 100
Hadlev. Chas. A 100
Henderson, J. R 500
HM1, J. J 100
Hubbard, Ether Shilliam 100
Jncobsen, I. 50
Johnson, R. E 100
Kobey, Joseph 50
Kroman. Leon 50
SrcDonald, Rod 100
Mr. Rae, Estrella 50
Playfair, Sirs. Grace 100
Polly, J. Bert 100
Polly, J. Bert 100
Pond, N. R 50
Porter, W. Earl 50
Sands, Benj 50
Schmid. Konrad 500
Tarplng, W. E. ..." 50
Allen, L. R. 100
Banks, J. SI 100
Barnes, B. B 50
Beckham, Andy 50
Bergquist, Albert Wade 50
Bergqulst, Dorothy Mae 50
foreman, Edw. B 100
Bromstrom, Slabel 50
Chas. EJ. Brown 100
Buckett, Florence 100
Hunker, Geo. W 100
Caro & Co 10O
Clark, E. H 50
Cline, J. J 50
Doods, S. C 1"0
Fenwick, D. A 50
Gallager, W. A 50
Glaze, Richard 100
Halderman, Minnie 50
Honn, Edw. F 100
Hyde, Sarah 50
Idris, Musa 50
Johnson, Gust 1.000
John, R. L. 50
Jones, W. W 100
Kempton, J. A 50
Miller, Mrs. J. Andy 50
Miners' Christmas Tree Fund.. 450
McWhorters, 11 200
SlcWhorters, L. B 100
Penney & Co 400
Polley, J. Bert 50
Ramerez, J. R 50
Reese, A. D 50
Reynolds, F. R 50
Reynolds, Sarah A 50
Rosenbarger, Mrs. C 50
Simmons, W. T 50
Smith, John 50
Strack. A. C 50
Tate, T. A 100
Tucker. J. W 100
Watkins, B. T 100
Webb, W. A 200
Welbourn, J. M. ...J 100
Williams, J. Bostic 100
Wittig, Katherine 50
Wooton, H. E. 200
Bragonier, Fred T 100
Berry, J. A 1 50
Chance. C. W. D 50
Crow, J. T 50
Cummings, Frances E. 50
Dillwaay, D. B 100
Dorr. H. R 50
Flynn. Con C 200
Gilbert, C. A 100
Harper, George 50
Hazlewood, H. C 50
Hazlewood. H. C 50
Hvnes, Sirs. W. J 50
Henderson, J. R 200
Hodgson, J. P. and Ellen 500
Hodgson, J. P. and Ellen 500
Kelley, R. J 50
Kirby. S. T 100
Kruger, J 100
Lee, Anne 50
Levin, Max 50
Levin, Max 50
Levin, Max 50
Levin, Slax 50
Levin, Max 50
Levin, Rebecca 50
Slessenger, Florence 100
.McDonald. Sfae 100
Otero, Fernando 50
Poole, E. T 50
Sena. Louis G 50
Smith, Chas. C lou
Smith, James 100
Stephens, E"gene 50
Thomas, Mrs. H. E 50
Tucker, W. A 100
Watkins, E. A 200
Chiado, Sirs. J. P 150
Chiado, J. P 100
Kennedy, E. A 10
Slark, Lambert E 100
Potter. Sir. and Sirs 100
To close business October IS, 191S.
CITIZENS BANK & TRUST CO .
R. A. Dill, Assistant Cachier.
HIGGINS MINE.
Albert lierquiKt subscribed
from SI. SI. bank
William Robinson, subscribed
from Hank of Bl.sbee
George Stoltz, subscribed from
SI. & SI. hank
Dan Leedy, first pavment, cash
$1,000. SI. & SI. bank
Frank Kline
Joe Moiman
Joe Smith
J oe Wood 1 ' . . .
Walter f'liorsh
1,500
1.000
1,000
5,000
50
. 50
50
50
50
50
. ro
5; 1
50
MO
100
100
ion
ion
inn
ino
inn
50
Chiis. Wohlsrhlegai
I'crfeeto Alvarez
Jas. Philips
Fred uyse (;
Chas. Slalcolni
Pat Ilarilncton
Albert White
K. J White
P. Kaiindraut
Stanley Stonis
Dennis Holland
Dave Allen
Lew Yutas
Snider, E. Q
Stewart, G. W
Watkins, Barbara L
Gecrge Rice 100
Caspar Zoricirli 1"0
Wm. Delbridge 2n0
W. H. Slurphy 100
Carl Sinclair 100
Ramon Lukezie 50
Slanuel Valdez 50
Wm. Pratt 50
Chaa. Prondi mo
Bob Pisculic 50
Slike Shanahan 50
Kilbert Bergman 50
W. N. Kennedy 50
Emilio Hernandez 50
Dan Sullivan f 100
Geo. Toklc 5n
Dan Grant 50
E. A. Sweeney 100
Con Vascren 100
Walter O SIalley 100
J. J. Flanigan 500
M. F. Ryan 501
Pedro Moreno 100
A. Barrios 50
Jose Fernandez 50
Con Ramirez 50
1 lamardo Zorilla 50
Lorenzo Sandoval 50
Daniel Abril 50
Trinidad Ortez '50
A. Rosalez 50
Jose Arce 50
Jose Zorilla 50
Alberta Acuua 50
Jose Sledina 50
Lorenzo Acuna 50
Arturo Tovar 50
E. J. -Martinez 50
Luiz Slorado 100
Ramon Hernandez 100
AT WESTERN UNION.
TKn rnllnu-(ntr anhufrfnt iona r nOt-
ert frnm h Western Union Telegraph
company employes on the fourth Lib
erty loan.
R. SI. Henderson 100
Anna Davis 100
D. C. Pace 300
D. C. PACE, Solicitor.
EL PASO A SOUTHWESTERN SYS
TEM. Lowell. Ariz., Oct. 17.
Bi.-sbce paily Review.
Sir: I enclose herewith a list of
the employers In the mechanical de
partment of the E. P. & S. W. in the
Warren district who purchased bonds
of the fourth Liberty loan. You may
publish this list if you so desire:
D. F. Eldridge 5 50
C. L. Adams : 100
A. J. Ramsey 20 )
J. H. Holman 100
B. SI. Roush 100
P. J. Mndaman lnO
Floyd Smith 20
W. O. Deason 100
C. G. Stump 100
W. H. Edwards 100
R. R. Brown 50
H. T. Williams 50
H. Williams 50
S. Williams 50
W. E. Rayburn 50
A. demons 50
C. C. Snoddy 50
J. Lindberg .. 50
H. Herman ." 200
J. P. Kinny 100
H. SI. Eason 10
G. W. Brinson 100
T. G. Rowland 100
R. W. Benton .100
J. A. Millican 50
Chas. F. Harris 50
F. T. Fisher 100
Chas. Owens ' 50
Juan Lopez . . . .' 50
Lorenza Castillo 50
Collitano Carillo 50
Augustine Siendoza 50
Yours truly,
G. W. BRINSON,
E. P. & S. W. Foreman.
HERE IS 100 PER CENT.
Editor Review: The following is a
list of subscriptions to the fourth Lib
erty loan as made by the employes of
A. G. SIcGregor, engineer, and we
would be pleased if you would favor
us by inserting the same In a current
issue of The Review.
To stimulate interest In the loan
Sir. SIcGregor agreed to subscribe
$150 for every $100 subscribed by the
office. A glance at the figures shows
the success of this method. Needless
to say, 100 per cent of the employes
subscribed.
While the employes of the office
fully realize that money placed in the
Liberty bonds I an investment in
the strongest, institution in the world,
and while they do not feel that they
are more or less patrioti3 than any.
one clf.e, they neverthek-s? View the
individual and collective figures with
a rrt.-at deal of complaceney.
Following is the list:
C. W. Cromwell 750
( E. Rork 0
R. SI. Fox 700
P. Arntz 150
JJenj. Wilson 4"0
H. L. Koiilberg 300
Max Bernheini 3''0
V. C. Gerrish 1"0
E. E. Slack 100
F. E. Nlcholls -00
P. F. Wetenkamp 300
St. G. Adler 200
C. F. Ungemach -'t'O
It. Swart, Jr 150
A. C. Jones 150
J. SI. Johnston 100
W. W. Peverlcy 100
Frank Lindsey 1"0
H. SI. Potter 150
Total I $ 4.9ftr
A. G. .McGregor 7,:l'0
Total $12.2"0
Yours very truly,
A. SI. M'GRKGOK.
Engineer.
By J. E. Nicholls.
About the State
Phoenix. i'harles Rcas, alleged
bond slacker in tin- employ ot the!
Arizona railroad, who Tuesday night
was paraded through tho business
district in grotesqim makeup, had a
story t. t 'U when taken belore the
Phoenix Liberty loan committee. Keas .
tcld his side of the ease in such a
strah,li'foi ward manner that he was
released after the purchase of $100
I worth of ln:ls. I
I pho-uix: J'lde-e rawt'lle of the
I federal eo"i t has atinou'.ired that be-1
caue of the epidemic of Spanish in-'
HUN SOLDIERS, EARNING ONLY A F&W
PENNIES A DAY, BUY THRIFT STAMPS
' 5tt tit )ttm i 2) . .
0 Hi 8;jMirfri tasytiaUn.
Here is a photostatic reproduction of a German thrift card, partlj
filled, which was taken from the body of one Erail Schneider, who wJ
killed by an American marine at Chateau-Thierry. The German soldier,
eaminp only a few pennies a day, invests a large proportion of his wajres
in thrift stamps. He understands, just as the real American does, that the
side which makes the most sacrifices will win the war. 1
flueuza, the federal court will adjourn
tomorrow night, trying only the crim
inal cases, where the defendants are
now In jail. He said that there was
a possibility of convening court asain
in special session in January to finish
trying the bond criminal and civil
cases. !
Fhoenix: In the case of Henry
Smith, an Indian trkJ in the federal
court on'a statutroy charge, the jury ,
was out until late yesterday evening
and then reported a -disagreement, j
Judge Sawtelia asked them to report
to him at the morning session of
court. This morning tiiey were asked
tn return tr their deliberation and de
ide whether or not they could come
to an agreement in case another wit
ness was introduced.
Kirklanu: This point and Skull val
ley are shipping large quantities of
mohair, which has a market in the
East around SS cents a pound, the
highest qaotation ever known for the
local product. The last carload of
42.000 pounds brought $35,000. An
gora breeders in this vicinity have
brought up the quality of their stock
to about as fine r. ?rade as Is con
sidered advisable under range conJl
tions. Phoenix: .Augustine Ramirez, con
victed of first Jesrej murder by a
jury .Monday morning, was sentenced
to li'e imprisonment in the state pen
itentiary by Judse R. C. Stanford in (
the superior court this morning. Ra-'
mires was convicted for the killing
of Pedro Sierra last July. A large j
butcher knife was "used by the con-!
victed man to day Sierra, more than i
a dozen wounds being Inilicted. The
trouble started in a Greek restaurant
on East Washington street. Ramires
claimed self-defense, alleging . that
Siena had firs: attacsed him with
the knife.
TUCSON: W. H. liaynes. who says
he was a sergeant in the British army
and a veteran of many battle's and
campaigns, was arrested yesterday
afternoon about 4.:i0 o'clock, after he
had forced A'.ex Rossi to cash a check
icr $25 and had tried to hold np Luigl 1
Rirci, at the cauiouila;;? bar in Frank I
Kalil's fruit store on West Congress
street, for a sou drink. Rossi and
Ricci belong to different schools of'
strategy. Rossi acquiesced in liaynes'
demand that he cash the check, with
the mental reservation that he would
immediately notify the police of the (
hold-up. Ricc, who is younger and
stronger, took Haynes' gun and threw
him into the street. Later the man
was arrested at the Cabinet cafe.
Jerome: There appears to te a
ditference of opinion between Stite
Engineer Atwood and Governor Hunt
on tha subject of tae Jerome-l'rescott
road. The former has intimated that
the road would not be built d:rh the
period of t he war. The governor has
111st written President Viele of the
Prescott chamber of conimrre, that
he considers tiie aEreemnt to build
the road Mnding. that his word has
been given that the work on the high
way will be started in October an 1
that he "Intends to make that word
good."
Phoenix: The Arizona State Sledi
cal association has issued a general
letter favoring passage of the work
men's compensation amendment at
the coming election, calling it "a de-
llitary
DRAFTED AND ENLISTED MEN, ATTENTION
AH those who wish to help UNCLE SAM can do so by
having their own uniforms made to order. Uniforms
of all ranks.
KHAKI AND O. D.
Cut to fit your individual measure, at consistently low
prices.
. FRUITMAN'S
FASHION SHOP
1
MAIN STREET
1
5f 5
.1
i2
: it :
cided improvement over 4he present
uncertain methods of securing com
pensation for injured workmen." "It
is told that the present compensation
law baa 30 many defects that nearly
every Injury case goes into court or
is arbitrated through attorneys, di
verting up to 50 per cent of the award
to the attorney as fee.
Presrott Sirs. Petra L. Brown of
4rtti south Grande street has received
official notice from the acting adju
tant general at Washington, statins
that her son. Max L. Brown of the A.
E. F. has been listed among the
wounded, the degree of the woung be
in z as yet undetermined. The youns
fighter was hit In the engagement or
tiie American troops on September 7,
the nature of his wound being, of
course, a matter of conjecture. Max
left Prescott on October 3, 1917, with
a contingent which was originally
routed to Camp Funs ton, Kan. Later
be was sent to Camp Kearney, near
San Diego, where he completed his
military training. He Is about 2S years
of age and Is well known in Prescot.
Tucson: Deputy United States
Marshal James Treahy returned yes
terday morning from the Baca Float,
where he took possession of a large
tra-t of land for the Watts-Bouldin
claimants, who were successful liti
gants in the United States district
court. Tho land was turned over to
an agent, who accompanied the dep
uty. The work required 15 days and
involved tha notification of 109 set
tlers. In only one case was It neces
sary to forcibly remove a settler from
the land. The majority or the settlers
signed rent contracts from June 1 to
November 15, the terms being one
fourth of the crops harvested. Tubac
has subscribed $2,500 to the fourth
Liberty loan, according to Treahey.
This is $1.00t over its quota. There
is no Spanish influenza in the valley
as yet. but the schools at Tubac have
been closed.
Jerome: The authorities of the
United Verde and Pacific railroad
hava notified the Santa Fe railroad
of the imposition of the quarantine on
Jerome and have requested that all
passengers holding tickets to this
point be notified of the quarantine at
Prescott and Ash Fork so that they
will :iot be compelled to remain at
Jerome Junction. During the period
of quarantine tickets will bo sold to
outgoing passengers only at the ex
press office downtown and those da
siring to purchase transportation mwt
show a permit from the health author
ities. Fort Whipple: Ine epidemic of
Spanish influenza which for the past
two weks has been sweeping through
Fort Whipple, caused two deaths at
the post yesterday, one of the victims
teing a tubercular patient and t'ae
other one of tho enlisted men on duty.
On Tuesday afternoon one of the en
listed men died after having had the
disease but a few days. Colon!
Ho'.mberg stated yesterday evening
that he believed that the peak of the
e; ldemic had been reached and thai
from now on the numoer of new cases
would gradually decrease from day to
day. only two new cases were re
ported at the post yesterday, and al
ready a good many of the men who
crj stricken with the malady a week
or two aco are now able to leave the
hospital.
niforms !
Opposite Eagle Theater THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1918.
fWE
V
REVIEW WANT ADS
tAdrertisements under thia liead at the rate of 1 cent per word for each
Usue, with a minimum charge of 25 cents. Advertisements must reach
The Eewiew office not later than 8 p. iu. for insertion the next morning.
Female Hln Wanted
WANTED Competent woman for j FUR RENT Three furnished rooms
husband's room and board at Sacra- for light housekeeping. No chi!
mento house, Jiggerville. 21U j" dren. A. D. Fair, Bakerville. 240
WANTED Girt at Warner Dining
room. lsl
WANTED Girl to work in laundry.
Apply Standard Laundry, Baker
vill9. 18
Position Wanted
WANTED Two experienced sales
ladies of the strictest integrity, sal
ary $65 to $75 per month. Apply by
letter only. F. W. Woolworth com
pany, P. O. Box 547. 23
WA.. i KD Girl for housework. Apply
I'.lllU Al&r&B, tmMBUU Bicimc,
1. .
236
WANTED By experienced woman
cook with five year old child, work
in private family or ranch. L. C,
care Review. 187
WANTED Position. Nice refined
young lady would like position as
bookkeeper or office work. Address
Box 176, Bisbee. 133
For5ale
FOR SALE: Boy Scout suit, complete,
new, for $11. Call PhoBe Green 6!i6.
235
FOR SALE Harley-Davidson motor
cycle. Good condition. Apply to
Deputy Sheriff We Brakfielu, Lo
well. 240
FOR SALE Crescent hotel. Brewery
avenue.
FOR SALE Second hand dress suit,
been worn once. Cheap, am leaving
for army. Address X, Review, tf-dh
FOR SALE Two men's over coats,
two women's cloaks, mining boots,
jiisbes and books. Address Y., lie
view, tf-dh
FOR SALE-Sewing machine, in good
conditicn. Apply Owen's Cleaning
Works. 218
FOR SALE Ideal boarding and room
ing house in fine location. Inquire
44 Jiggerville. 209
FOR SALE Modern lour room house
in Warren, completely furnished,
two large porches, bouse in yard.
$500 cash, balance terms. Phone
748. 161
FOR SALE Ford roadster, good con
dition. See Mill Man, Bisbee Lumber
company. 135
FOR SALE The Pressure Cooker.
Phone 734 for cookers or demonstra
tion. Bisbee Mattress Works. 152
FOR SALE A five room house com
pletely furnished and garase, War
ren. J. C. Lackner, Black Knob
View. 660
FOR SALE New four room house.
Box 953, Warren, Ariz. 123
FOR SALE Buick light six, five pas
senger, 1917 model. F. J. Keogh
Auto Upholstery & Paint Shop, Lo
well. 125
FOR SALE Ranch, 160 acres, all
' fenced, patented windmill, plenty oi
water for stock, a four room house,
a mile and a half from Lee station,
$1800. Inquire Box 1695, Bisbee. 102
FOR SALE Good building lots, five
minutes walk from Deun mine. ilrs.
Winwood, Winwood addition, $50
and up. S49
FOR SALE Fresh, ripe tomatoes for
canning. Delivered to any part of
Warren district, five cents per !
pound. Mail orders will receive j
prompt attention. Chase L. Purdy, j
Bisbee or Naco. , 760 1
FOR SALE Two work horses. Bisbee j
Improvement company. 772
ForRent
FOR RENT Two room house, sleep
ing porch. Cochise. I. H. Warne.
224
FOR RENT Rooms, Hotel Lftson,
Main street. Phoue 559. Centrally
located, clean, airy, newly renovated
rooms. Running water. Reason
able rates to permanent gue-u.s. 1')
FOR RENT Five room house, 20GB J
Opera Drive, above Lumber Yard,
close in. 10
FOR RENT Four room houso, fur
nished. 3o Idaho street, Johnson au
dition. 207
FOR RENT Furnished room with
board for gentlemen in private fain-1
ily. Cement house at C. & A. hos-1
pital stop, Warren. 103 j
FOR RENT $20, three room bunpa-j
low, partly turninhe-el, water, li-ht
fr.-e. Highland Park. "Uncle Jim'h,"!
Brewery Gulch. 211 i
FOR RENT Two room house,-, t o '
chise. J. H. Woarno.
22 1
FO't RENT Garage. Laundry car!
s'op. Phone 615. J. W. Glover. 22b
FOR RENT Two rooms funii.- hcd r.r j
l.ouseke'pinK. Carl I'ilj. South Bi-!
bee. 22"
FOR KENT Two furtii. h-rl house
keeping rooms. II laundry hill. V.
J. Shearer. " 22$
FOR RENT Sleeping room, beatc-d
with fias. Opposite City pari.. Brew
ery avenue, 50 A. 2)2
FOR RENT Nicely rurniKbcii fr:ml
room, separate entrain', suitable 'i
gentleman or two school trachi i s.
Apply first houa north of Brooks
Apartments, O. K. street. dh t
For Rent
FOR RENT Two nice housekeeping
rooms for quiet couple. No chil
dren. 49 O. K. street. 237
;FOR RENT Three rooms in compart
ment house. . iiakerville. Mike
1'iutek. 238
FOR RENT Three furnished house
keeping rooms, bath room and sleep
ing porch. 105 Mason hill, first house
Misonhill car stop. 237
FOR RENT Two furnished rooms.
Jlrs. Lewis, Tombstone canyon,
around Castle Rock. 239
FOR RENT Rooms with runaing
water and steam heat, dining 10cm
in connection. Mrs. Faiiclough, Jle
Greger building, Warren. 2U8
FOR RENT Four room - furnished
house. Phone Blue 631. . . 101
F.OR RENT Three furnished rooms.
14 Montana street. Johnson addi
tion. 211
FOR RENT Excellent two room
housekeeping apartments, clo6e in.
31-C O. K. street, call Black 571. 234
FOR RENT Two nice rooms for light
housekeeping. No children. 16
Tank hill, third .house from, Bro
phy's. 73
FOR RENT Three room house. In
quire at Tammany hall or at 85
Voungblood hill. 61
FOR RENT Nicely furnished four
room apartment. No children. 107
Higgins hill. 231
Wanted
1 WANTED Second
hand
clothes
246
bought. Phone 739.
WANTED Parties wishing to locate
in a nicely furnished house can buy
my furniture and rent house. Call
Mrs. Chas. iiarnum, thlid house
from old school house, Warren. 223
WANTED To buy, a tent or tar
paulin. S. C, General Delivery,
Bisbee. 313
WANTED A 3-room furn
ished house, close to car line.
Address M. J., care Review.
WANTED House, four rooms or more
unfurnished, Bisbee or Warren. Ad
dress, "G.," care Review.' tf-dh
Miscellaneous
MADAME J. HE A KEYS, St. Regis ho
tel, Lowell, Arizona. Clairvoyant
and crystal reader. Dead trance
spirit medium, born with a
double veil, without asking ques
tions gives you dates, facts and fig
ures, and will read your entire life.
Phone 62 654
A Kl'l 1 I V M. C. A. OCUOOl, bu
Augcivs,- aoout Auio, ttauio, ituii
meiciai ana i-ngineenag courses
irain lor service.
MARTIN'S MINERAL BATHS AND
MASSAGE SPECIALIST For rhnu
matism, lumbago, plurisy, head
aches, nervousness, manipulations
and curviture of upine treated scien
tifically. Office third 'floor Maze
building. Open 9 a. m. to 9 p. in.
Nurse in attendance. 705
MADAME CLARK The well known
. tiarlvoyant and palmist. Are you
in trouble? If so, why net let
Madame Clark help you, as she is
helping others every dav.
TELLS HOW TO WIN
THE ONE YOU LOVE
How to gain the love of the one you
most desire, even though ruiii3
away; how to succeed in business;
speculations; lawsuits; how to mar
ry the one of your choice. Advica
in love, marriage, business, specula
tion, investments, gives dates, fact.,
figures, tells you of living or dead.
YOUR SECRET TROUBLES. !:'
cauM; and remedy; in fact, tells ev
erything. Gives infallible advice on
all alfairs of life. If you are in trou
ble of any kind, unhappy, not satis
fied in life, have domestic, love or
business troubles, you will be told
how to overcome the-m alt M rpr.
ord for successful work during the
past year is as follows:
Reunited 102 couples.
Brought about 227 marriages.
Located two buried treasures.
Located 27 cbsent. persons.
Overcome 220 rivals.
Removed 27 c vil influence. .
Whatever your trouble is, 1 "can" help
you.
MADAME CLARK
Hours: 10 a. m. to 8 p. m., daily.
G.die-:i Hotel, Room 15. 1(,4
Money to Loan
SMAl-l., ouicic loans n your persou&i
note to salaried me:i ajm women, ui
so on lurnnrire. cox L.oua co. l.oom
2. lync in-jatrn Daiiaing. lbb
Legal Notice
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
02"!39)
Department of the Interior
U. S. Land Olliro at I'lim nix, Arizona,
Oct'ilii-r 5, 101S.
Notice is hereby given that Daniel
McCownn. of lien-lord, Arizona, who.
on August 1!'. 191,", tnide Iie-se-rt Lard
Entry. No. -J.;i::'l. tor IS. W. 'A N. E.
'4. S. K. i .V V. . N. W. S. E. U.
N. E. "i S. W. ',, Section 7, Township
21 S , K,.n:w 22 I: , (i. ic S. R. it. &
Mi-ridiati, h.'s fib el notice of intention
to ni.il.e f,iiiil pi'ri li.i proof under
Art 11 1 l.'i. to e. taliln-li claim to tin;
land aboe desuibed, before Jated D.
Tdlur. U. S Coiar.iissioue-r, at Bisbee,
Arizona, on the 14th day of November, '
1918.
Claimant names as witnesses:
James L. Brooks, of Bisbee, Arizona.
Charles McGowan, of Bisbee, Ari
zona. Dayton L. Graham, sr., of Bisbee,
Arizona.
Dayton L. Graham, jr., of Garces,
Arizona.
941 JOHN L. IRVIN, Register.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
(026401)
Department of the Interior
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix,' Arizona,
October 5, 1918.
Notice is hereby given that Minnie
Duffy, of Don Lois, Arizona, who. on
January 2, 1915, made Homestead
Eutry, No. 026401, for Lots 6 fc 7, S.
S. W. N. W. 14 S. W. 4, Section 2h,
Township 23 S., Range 21 E., G. fc S.
R. B. & Meridian, has filed notice of
inteulion to make three year proof, tu
establish claim to ths land above de
scribed, before Jared D. Taylor, U. S.
Commisisoner, at Bisbee, Arizona, on
the 12th day of November, 1918.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Carl Fuller, of Don Luis, Arizona.
Lloyd L. Stewart, of Don Luis, Ari
zona. Thomas J. Spaulding, of Bisbee, Ari
zona. . Harry L. Grenard, of Lowell, Ari
zona. 944 JOHN L. IRVIN, Register.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
(023942)
Department of the Interior
U. S. Laud Office at Phoenix, Arizona,
October 5. 1918.
Notice is hereby given that James
E. Tombliuson, of Garces, Arizona,
who, on Dec 11, 1913, made Home
stead Entry, No. 023S42, for E. 4 W.
hi N. E. i S. E. Section 23, Town
ship 23 S., Range 20 E., G. & S. R. B.
& Meridian, has filed notice of inten
tion to make five year proof, to estab
lish claim to the land above described,
before W. A. Fowler, U. S. Commis
sioner, at Tombstone, Arizona, on the
12th day of November, 1918.
Claimant names as witnesses:
G. J. McCabe and Milton Clark, both
of Hereford, Arizona.
W. L. Aston and II. W. Clarkson,
both of Garces, Arizona.
J46 JOHN L. IRVIN, Register.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
(024063
Department of the Interior
U. S. Laud Office at Phoenix, Arizona,
October 5, 1918.
Notice is hereby given that Lloyd L.
Stewart, of Don Luis, Arizona, who, on
January 13, 1914, made Homestead
Entry, No. 024063, for Lots 1. 2, 3 and
4, S. V4 N. W. Section 29, Townshin
23 S., Range 24 E.. G. & S. R B. &
Meridian, has filed notice of intention
lo make three year proof, to establish
claim to the land above described, be
fore Jared D. Taylor, U. S. Commis
sioner, at Bisbee, Arizona, on the 12th
day of November, 1918.
Claimant names as wituerses:
Carl Fuller, of Don Luis, Arizona.
Minnie Duffy, of Don Luis, Arizona.
Thomas J. Spaulding, of Bisbee, Ari
zona. ,
Harry L. Grenard, of Lowell, Ari
zona. 943 JOHN L. IRVIN, Register.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
(026789)
Department of the Interior
U. S. Land Oliice at Phoenix, Arizona,
October 5, 1918.
Notice is hereby given that Isaac E.
French, of Hereford, Arizona, who, on
Ft-i. IS, 1915, made Homesiead Entrj,
No. 02G7S9, for N. Section 2:",,
Township 22 S., Ranee 21 E., G. & S.
R. B. &, Meridian, ha3 filed notice of
intention to make three year procf, to
eiiaiish claim to the land above de
scribed, beiore Jared D. Taylor, U. S.
Commissioner, at Bisbee, Arizona, on
the 13th day of November, 191S.
Claimant names as witnesses;
Sherman J. Boa Is
Jacob J. Karlen.
Alfred Bailey.
William A. Lyth, all ot Herelord,
Arizona.
943 JOHN L. IRVIN. Register.
FAIR POSTPONED
UNTIL DECEMBER 24
(f'li! to Tho Review)
PHf.-:N!X. Ariz.. Oct. ifi. At a
meeting field .yesterday of the state
iair ct-nmission, the Maricopa county
mr1!;a! association and lepreseiita
tives of 12 local c-ivic and corntnerci.il
associations, it was unanimously de
eidul to postpone the state fair from
No ember 11 tu December 2 to 9.
This action was taken bee a use of th-pri-valenj-e
throughout the state of
Spanish influenza.
RECEIVES HIGH WAGES.
MOUNDS VILLE, W. Va., Oct. 12.
(Correspondence of the Associated
Press). Digging coal is profitable
work in these war days. The last pay
check handed Charles Fogie was for
11 days work and amounted, to Sft.
On oik- of these days he loaded 30
tons and 1,700 pounds of coal, there
by earning $18.20 for eight hours
laboi-.
RICE RIOTS IN JAPAN
OSAKA, Japan, Sept. 30 (Correspon
dence Associated Press!. Official Us
urps show that 232.000 persons took
part in the rece nt riee riots in Osaka
and Its outlying distric t. The returns
show that 2''.4 riotous mobs assc-mhl'-d
iu Os-ik.i prefecture. The total num
ber of persens taken into custody was
PCRTO RICO'S QUOTA.
i
I SAN" JUAN. I'orto Rieo. Sept. 0
( rrc-sM iicli-ii' e Assoc iated press) .-
I'orto Ki'o's cuota lor the fourth Lih
! evty loan has b.-rn fixed at i.(Hin.0MH.
I I'c.r the third Liberty loan, I'orto Hieo
. ti.-. rilied a little- less than $.;.IM'"U"'H,
lunUing a teital of $ti,0(i0.tntil nihj-enbed
i for the iitbt three loans.
Mining and Financial News
BY REVIEW
.W YORK. Oct. 19 On a further
Rieu.!i;.!atimi of buiug orders from
..leso'onal and public sources to
day's stock market opened with a
Ivisii demonstration or activity and
strength, speculative issues aain fea
turing the advance.
Mexican Petroleum once more
claimed attention by reason of its I
spectacular, roiirse, rising 12 points to
the new hi'h record or 194. but sud
denly reacting to 175'4 111 the heavy
selli!c: of the last 15 minutes of the
session.
Many otiier preminent stocks alsot
yielded much or ill their advance.
United States Steel was a notable
instance, dot-lining sharply from its
top quotation of 114'A to HOVh and
closing with a loss of 2 points.
In all probability the market fur
certain stocks had become somewhat
vulnerable and traders, availing them
selves of this condition, sold freely
ttitii resultant 'uncovering of many
"stop loss" orders. Total sales for
the two hours amounted to almost
900,000 shares, exceellng in volume
any other two hours of the week's
busy s3Ss:ons.
An increase of $64,000,000 in actual
net deposits and a $22,00000 contrac
tion in excess reserves were the fea
tures of the weekly bank statement.
Bo4ids, including I.Ibrty issues, were
steady to firm on enlarged operations.
Sales, par value, were $6,300,000.
United States bonds (old issues')
were unaltered on call during the
week.
GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO. Oct. 19. Anxiety to
even up trades rather than to risk
surprise happenings over Sunday
brought about material advances to
day in the corn market. As a result,
the finish, although unsettled was l?itc
to 31-sC net higher with November
122"-g to 122 and December HS'i
to 118. Oats gained 'Ac to -"c. The
closing in previsions varied irom loc
lower to 20c higher. Bullish inter-1
e-aces drawn from the delay of the!
German a.;sver to President Wilson's!
note hud much to do with the evident
tendency to reduce open trades in the
c-'rn market to a minimum. Shorts
covered on a liberal scale as soon as
business opened, and the top figures
o: the u;. were toiiclitJ before the
t nd of the first hour. Reactions, which
took plae-e later, seemad to be due
lo moderate prolit taking on the part
of longs. No elfect whatever on prices
appeared to result from the American
: espouse to the Austrian government's
pica for peace.
Oats followed corn and after an ad
vance receded bonewhat. Country
cfierings to arrive were light.
V.'eakuess in the 1uk maricet carried
down provisions. Subsequently, how
ever, the strength of corn led to up
turns, but losses in pork especially
were not altogether overcome.
WEEKLY CLEARINGS.
.NEW YORK. Oct. 19. Tue actual
condition of clearing house banks and
trust companies for the week shows
that they hoid $29,613,160 re-serve in
excess cf legal requirements. This is
a decrease of $21,921,590 from last
v. etk.
WEEKLY FINANCIAL REVIEW.
NEW YORK, Oct. i9. Adjusting
itseif further to the extraordinary
ciit-nrs in the international situation
the serurities market this week in
dulged in another to.ress of specula
tive er.ti-.nsiasm, the dsi'y overturn oi
more than one million shares being
accompanied by many substantial
gains.
To what, ex'eut the puo'ic figures in
the movement lemtJtis a matter o!
toiijeoture, but irom the activity of
commission houses with interior con-ii"i-tionii
it may be ; -turned that in
vesters formed a l-.i't e proportion.
Tnere were also icpo-xs of a
marked accession c? f reign partieipa
t i-ti. chiefly from London and Hol
land. f'i::ar.(ial interests in the latter
lO.e.ury ar'; known to Have acquired
l'irj:j holii:i:-s of low priced railroad
site-as in the la:-L tew months, wMld
London, ft is briied. set over orders
lor i-L ils of the LUt:r cla-s.
h'"ine el ti c g.Uns of the wee k were
FROM OCEAN
TO OCEAN
Women Praise Lydia E. Pink
ham's Vegetable Compound
for Health Restored.
I In almost every neighborhood in
' AmiTica are women who have trice!
j this standard remedy for female Lis
i and know its worth.
Athol, Maa. "Lydia E. Pir.kham's
Vepetable C'ompourd has done me a
I world of good. 1 su'l'e-Te-d from a weak
; ne33 and a pret deal cf pain every
j month and nothi:vT brought me any re
I lief until I trij.-i this famous medicine,
i 1 am a dilferent woman pii:ce I took it
' as 1 want othe-rs who sutTVr to know
! t'lOHt it." Mr?. Arthur Lawso.n, 5o'J
; Cottage St., Athol, Mass.
j Snn Frnr-M.-.c--), Cal. " I wn in n vry
weak nervous condif ion. ravin 1 ?u:"i re d
t'-rrihly from n fnia! : trou'ule f' r ove r
fi .-e years. J had taken a'l kinds of med-
! irine nr.d had many ci tT -rent ciocteirs
ar.d they all fa;! I vv :H have !" I
; operateVl on, but I."tti.i K. I'mkhum's
i Vegetable Coni(X)u:)il c-;re l me entire lv
tn-l now I am a Ftron well woman."
Mrs. II. Uupjkamp, 11S7 Dcvisadero
PL, San Francisco, Cal.
For special nclvicr in rrejnre! te such
nijiv.-nt? write I.ylia K. l'iokham Me-el-i
i 1.1 t'o., Lynn, Mas. The result of
its many years experience is at youx
service.
LEASED WIRE
accompanied by a volume of trading
and violent fluctuations which bor
dered upon the sensational. Mexican
Petroleum, for example," rose from 130
to 194. closing at a net gain of 45
point3.
Other oils, coppers and the rails
recorded extreme advpnees of 5 to 20
points, b-it some of these were ma
terially reduced in the constant profit
taking and more particularly the vio
lent reaction at the cicst of today's
session.
The more distinctive war stocks,
notably those of the untilling contracts
lor munitions and ordnance, also to
baccos, leathers and related special
tits, were irregular or heavy at times.
United States steel registered an ex
treme advance of almost 9 points,
forfeiting about half at the end on
pressure ascribed to professional trad
ing. WASHINGTON. Oct. 19. Reduc
tions of $42,'itMi,000 in loans secured
by government obligations and of
$61,000,000 in government deposits,
mi increase of one-half of one per cent
in proportion of reserves to net de
posits and note liabilities over last
we;.k were shown in the federal re
serve board'3 weekly financial busi
ness last night.
COTTON MARKET.
NEW YORK. Oct. 19. Cotton dosed
steady; net unchanged to 13 points
lower.
OATMAN.
(By Collins 4 Bretnerton.)
Argo 03
Adams
02!
Arizona Rex .15
Ariz.-Tcm R 02 .05
Bis Jim Crow 05 .OS
Boundary Cone .02
Goid Ore 05 .06
Gold Road Bon .02
Gold Cliff .15
Lucky Boy .02
Sunnyside 03 .04
Telluride. 05 .10
Tom Reed 1.37 1.42
United Eastern 3.87 4.00
OTHER CURBS.
Gadsden
S.00
.17
.15
.75
.02
.OS
3.:
Green Monster
.50
Butte London
I-'indee
Venture Hill
P'.'ts-Jeroino
Art-Arizona
.17
1.00
.04 j
.4"),
.111
.17;
.12'
.50
.16 j
1.94!
.57;
.05 j
.35;
.40,
Jerome Portland
Ins-Needles
Hull Copper
Magma Chief
Wolv-Arizona
Verde Combination ...
Miami Consolidated .
.06
-.45
.14
1.85
.54
.02
Great Ray
.Naeozari Consolidated
Con. Cop. Mines
Porphyry
Cal. & Jerome
Peather River
5.62
.37
.56
a.M i
.50
.62
.12
Save fruit-pits and give the Teut fits.
-Columbus Dispatch.
AIDS BRITAIN IN
MANY CAPACITIES
F
r V- :f
- -2
Sir Henry Cabinet on Smith.
Sir Henry Eabintrton Smith, K. C.
2., C. S. I., is assistant coinr.-.isioner
to Lord lieadinir, the hih commis
sioner in control of the ISriUsh war
mission. He has occupied numerous
posts under the British povernmc-nt.
lie was secretary to the British
postoffice from ll03 to 1:C:, an!
pviva'.o scrrctary to iho v:r?ioy cf
India frosn lyi to l.:(."J. He has
also represented the Briti.h fcovcr.i-me-nt
on several international pojtul
and tcleRraph conferenctj.
Hotor Transit Company
WiNTON SIX
Bisbee-Douglas
STAGS LINE
New
7th.
iluie, effective October
r.i:
CARS LEAVE
DOU
GLA
S:
BISBEE:
5 a. m.
It) a. m.
12 in.
2 p. m.
4 p. m.
6 p. 111.
5 p. m.
! p. 111.
O'NKIL.
Ma auger.
S a
H a
11
1) t'
Ck I 1 Mill 1"
LODGE NOTICES
Cards of every fraternal order in the Warren District; giving th essentia
facts of each, their meeting nights, their officers and the place of gather
ing will be found under their respective headings in these columns.
BISBEE LODGE NO. 718. .
L. O. O. M. j
Meets every Friday :
night, Moose Hall.
Visiting brothers cor-j
dially invited. I
R. I. GLfeASON, j
Dictator j
BISBEE LODGE NO. 10. I. O. O. F.j
meets ererjr
Ati Thursday
r? 3 X evening at Odd
sst7 Fellow' Hall i
Subway street, at 7:30 o'clock. Visiting
brothers cord. ally Invited to attend.
Hall phone ll'.C
G. i :'LUNKETT. N. G.
LE.,il:r EUSTACE, Sec'y.
PYTHIAN SiSTERS
Lily Ttiupie No. 3 meets every 2nd
and fourth Tuesday evening of each
month at Odd Fellows Hall. Visiting
sisters' are cordially Invite.
MINNIE BLUM. M. E. C.
Phone Black 851.
IDA GLAZE, M. of R. C.
Box 1475
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED
AMERICAN MECHANICS
if Meets in I. O- 6rV
i'ivv Haa irst pnd Third
i.liQjH Saturdays. V i s 1 1 ing
ttv t;?a brothers welcome.
S. F. BENTON, Councillor.
F. M. WILLIAMS, Rec. Sec'y.
BROTHERHOOD OF AMERICA
YEOMAN
Richard I, Homestead 895, meet sec
ond and fourth Tuesdays at Medlgo
vich hall. Visiting Archers are cor
dially invited.
MRS. C. C. FINLAYSON.
Foreman, P. O. Box 1526.
E. D. STINSON,
Correspondent, Box 1496.
I
WEEK ENDING SEPT. 28. 1918
MonOzy 2nd Degree.
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday Blue r.eg.
Royal Arch.
W. W. GIDLEY, W M.
B. T. W ATKINS, Sec'y, F. & A. M.
J. W. TOLAND. E. II. P.
C. F. PHILBROOK, T. L M.
F. E. BENNETT, E. C.
F. S. DAVENPORT, Secretary Chap
ter and Commandery.
W. It. BANKS, Secretary Council. .
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
DREADN AUGHT
U O. U NO. 21a
meets in I. O.
O. F. Hall first
and third
MONDAY at
7:30 p. m.
Visiting broth
ers cordially
Invited to at
tend. VVM. T. SHTKAN. W. M.
ROBERT FERGUS, Secretary
P. O. Eox 426, Bisbee.
CREDIT TANK3. I
NEW YORK; Oct. 12 (Correspond
ence of the Associated Press). Ger
man newspapers received here gen
erally attribute the success. of the al
lied offensive to the employment -of
huse numbers cf "tanks."
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
(023275)
Department of the Interior
U. S. Land Office at Phyenix, Arizona,
October 3, 191S.
Notice is hereby given that Fearl E.
Voohees, of Herefotd, Arizona, who,
on September 5. liiri, made Home
stead Entry. No. i)2::275, for S. E. V.
Section 2S, Township 22 S., Raire 21
E.. O. & S. R. B. & Meridian, has filed
notice of intention to make five year
proor, to establish claim to the land
above deserilied, before J. I). Taylor,
U. S. Commisisouer, at Bisbee. Ari
zona, on the loth day of November,
1918.
Claimant names as witnesses:
W. A. Lyth. of Hereford, Arizona.
A. J. Voohees, of Hereford, Arizona.
L. A. Boedecker. of Turner, Arizona.
J. E. Nelson, of Bisbee, Arizona.
512 JOHN L. IRVIN. Recorder.
MONEY TO LOAN
Watches, Diamonds, Jewelry, Etc.
Reliable House 19 Branch Stores.
United Loan Jewelry Co.
BISBEE :: BREWERY GULCH
City Dye Works
Cleaning and Pressing
Phone 733
Opp. Y. W. C. A.
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully 8ollclts Your
Patronage
PHONE 58
THE REVIEW
Job Department
will furnish you an estimate
on that job on short notice
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS
Rathbone Lodge No. It
Knights of Pythla
meets each Tuesday
(except second) In Odd
Fellows' Hall at 7:30
p. m. Visiting brothers
cordially invited.
H. E. WOOTON. C. C
W. E. McCALLUM, K. of R. S-
LODGE NO. 671
Regular meeting first and third Fri
day of each month. Visiting brothers
cordially invited to attend.
JAS. ALLISON, Exalted Ruler.
R. J. KELLY, Secretary.
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD
Lowell Camp No. 46 will meet every
second and fourth Tuesday at 7:30
p. in., Finnish Hall.
D. C. SAX BY. C. C.
O. E. THOMAS, Clerk.
All Woodmen invited.
OP"5ER OF EASTERN STAR
nieeu In Maaonic Hall
Pearl Chapter, No. 6, meets
in Masonic Hall seoond and
fourth Tuesday of each
month at 7:30 p. m.
MRS. EMMA WOODS, TV. II.
Phone 161, Box 43, Bisbee
MRS. JESS1S BEVAN. Sec'y. P. a
Box 2299, Chairman Relief Com.
I hone 151.
FRATERNAL ORDER OF EAGLES
Bisbee Aerie. No. 175, F. O. E.. meets
first and third TUESDAYS. 8 p. m.
Eagles HalL Visitors cordially wel
come. J. F. WILMOTH, Presdeut
F. C. FENDERSON, Secretary.
C. L. EDMUNDSON. Aerie Physician.
FRATERNAL
BROTHERHOOD
B.
Lodge Xo.
A r3-4 Z 4.2 meets
meets the 1st
and 3rd Mondays
of each month at
;Vi 4? 7-3(1 f UaHiimv
iicu nan. tun
ing members cordially invited.
B. F. MOSS. President.
MRS. C. E. F1NOTTI. Treasurer.
Box 722. Tel. 236. Red.
HO.N'ORA MUNCH. Secretary.
Box 1621.
MODERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA
Bisbee Camp No. 13415.
Meets 1st Saturday
jledigovich Hall.
A. L. MOTZ. Constu
J. F. MATHEWSON'.
Clerk.
C H. HOGAN
Office Below
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
Phone 171
REAL ESTATE
RENTALS
FIRE INSURANCE
NOTARY
Phone 121
Office Below
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
C H. HOGAN
COLLINS &
BRETHERTON
We Specialize In
JEROME
AND
OATMAN
STOCKS
Jack Bldg., Main Street
Phone 26 Box 1129
1
K3i
r iT i-j i 1 j 1 ' e SIX
THE EISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1918.
NEW RULES ADOPTED
FOR EVERY EATING
AND DRINKING HOUSE 3?
STATE BOARD OF HEALTH
CIDES UPON REGULATIONS
THAT WILL GOVERN CONDUCT
AND SANITARY ARRANGE
MENTS OF ESTABLISHMENTS
Pursuant to ihe provisions of Chap
ter 4270 of the statute of 1913, tlie
state board of health of the state of
statp board of health of the state of
Arizona hereby establishes the fol
lowing rules and regulations respect-in--
restaurants, hotels, boardins-
stafe board of iealtli of the stfite of
Arizona hereby establishes ihe foi
iowiiig rules and regulations for the
regulation of toilets and lavatories:
1. No owner, lessee, tenant or oc
cupant cf any building or premises
.ithin the state of Arizona shall per-
an open latrine toilet or privy on
j any premises, lot, building or room
owned, occupied or controlled by such
DE I person, except where it is impossible
to nave msiue toiieis, aim an persuim
having outside toilets or privies shall
keep the same perfectly sanitary and
at regular intervals of not more tha
ten days Jiall disinfect the same with
lime or other proper disinfectant.
Whenever possible toilets shall be
ioiiiPil to the sewer svstem and pre
pared for flushing and be flushed with j
water.
2. Cesspools and privy vaults and j
Imerines shall not be of such deptu
as likely to contamination of the un- j
derpround water. j
Pursuant to tile provisions of Chap- j
ter 4P.70 of the ivi.tmes of 1913. the
state bo:ird of heaUh of tne state of
The War Savings Stamps sold in small . s - Each stamp you buy is a loan to the United
amounts are aggregating hundreds of nvl- $k aVVV lV- S aVHav m"H Jct.V States government, it is a direct help to
lions of dollars. They help build the ships J ftjDVU&C"tV&&l &it&MW A?(f ,,. , , . , .
that are bearing the soldiers abroad. Thev T every soldier and sa.lor who r.sking his
helo nrovide the food clcthina and ammu- lte in tne war- anc 13 a 83 e anc simP'e waY
neip pruviuc uic iouu, ciouuii diiu ammu UNITED STATES FOOD ADMINISTRATION LICENSE NO. G-13942 , .
mtion for them. to invest your savings.
SPECIALS Throughout This Store TOMORROW
If you have visited our store recently ycu have doubtless been impressed
sive stock of Seasonable Winter Merchandise we offer. It is important
houses, drink places.
1. AH hotels, restaurants, boarding-; Arizona hereby establishes the fol-!
kwucs ui iun, I'luitj & ii a it lowing riilvn i'll.l iiAiuuLivJim mc
tliomuMy in scalding fresh water j keeping and handlirg of all v.aste
ciiu Jtt.i c-nu in c lit nva.vj.us ii - . jeiUHC; EH
1. All persons, whether owner, ten-1 J
I art. lessee or occupant, of any Jiors?, ?
handle only dependable merchandise and wc hepe to be favored with your
. i ... ii i
you that our best and most conscientious service, wu! De given.
with ttie comprehen
So remember that we
patronage and assure
water all dishes, knives and ute::sils
used in cooking or on or about tnn
table .in connection with any res- ,.OOR1 or r:uiltiin or premises in the 1
taurant, boarding-house, lunch room, ; state of Arizuaa shall keep all waste
hotel or other place v.here food or i and refuse in proper receptacles, made
drinks are served to the public. cf tin or iron, sufficiently tUht to
1. All hotels, roomir.s-hoiise", board-, r.reven the e-cape of odors, the same
ias-lu usfs. restRiirar.'a, J-jncii count-i to be disposed of flt proper times, at
ers and drink places shall furnish end i !est f'.r-e times a v.c."k.
have used only towels that are clean i 2. All prsona bcepii'i; . vegetables,
n-id thcrouiiilv sanitary, for drying til meats and any end a!l foods for sale
cishts and silverware. ; shiill Vn;p the - m? nrotf-cted from
3. All places ni"-iiiioned in Suctions 1 dust, dirt, insects and animals.
1 and 2 usinp dis'i washing devices j I'toenix, Ariz.. Oct. E. 1518.
sh:i!l operate iho same so thai all .
dishfs and tableware are submitted to
toiiinp water and iivei steam in a
closed container.
4. The management cf each and 1
every place mentioned in the above!
and foreioinjr miss and regulations!
are Instructed to see that nil fcelpi
are advised of these regulations andj
that the satne are strictly followed.
5. It shall be the ditty of all help j
connected with any of the places meu-; pLEASANT XALE 0Fr WAR W0RK
LITTLE EVA'S DREAM
HAD NOTHING UPON
THIS MAN'S VISION
rules and reptilaiions to keep their
hands thoroughly washed and in a
perfectly sanitary condition, an1 it
shall be the duty of the management
of each and every place to see that
this rule and regulation is consistent
ly observed by all the help working
therein.
fi. Manaecmenta of all such places
mentioned in the foregoing rules and
regulations shall provide the neces
sary toilets and lavatories in conjune
ti'n with their businesses for all em
ployes, so that persons handling food,
cooking utensils, dishes and table
ware shall be cleanly at all times.
7. No person shall be employed in
or about or connected with the cook-
EEING DONE BY KNIGHTS OF j
COLUMSUS IN WAR TOPN DIS-
TRICTS TOLD BY CONVALES-j
CENT SOLDIER
"Little Eva's vision in 'Uncle Tom's
Cabin' has nothing on my vision," said
Tim McN'ally of New York, just' in
validad home because of wound3 re
ceived in the ('bateau-Thierry fight.
"Of course. I had a vision do yoa
think I hit the pipe?
"I had been picked up wounded,
and had received surgical aid at an
emergency station, right near the
i www 7 , iu: .
I wi r'. IT X . X
y ' '(wM' : ill lyMM 'fiiv
AMmmmi, mi im :Pm
zmr m mm t w m u mmm-
I HI ( 'ternM y I ) J
ine of or distribution of food or drinks I shell ripped city. With a dozen oth-
in the state of Arizona who is sick and I ers I was lying on a stretcher in a
capable of transmitting any disease. iTard, waiting to be taken to the rear
8. All places where rood or drink
is sold or meals served shall be' open
to inspection by the dry, county of
state board cf health at all suitable
times.
9. It shall be the duty of the man
agement of each place where either
food or drink or both are sold to the
public to keep in a prominent place
such posters of instruction for the
handlers of food or drink as the board
of health may tssue to them.
Pursuant to the provisions of Chap
ter 4370 of the Statutes of 1913, the
state board of hcItt i,l L! 3 state of
Arizona hereby establishes the fol
lowing rules and regulations for the
prevention and spread of contagious,
infectious and malarial diseases witn
in the state of Arizona:
1. All known drug addicts of every
Hnd shall he reported by the phys
ician prescribing for or attending
upon them; to the city board of
health if the addicts live within a city
and with the county board of health
In each county if they live outside the
corporate limits of a city and by these
boards reported immediately to the
state board.
2. Pneumonia and influenza are
hereby declared to be communicable
diseases within the meaning of the
law of Arizona and shall from this
date forward it be the duty of phys
icians or others comin to knowledge
of cases of either of these diseases
to report same to the local board of
health, and through it to the state
board of health.
Pursuant to the provisions of Chap
ter 4370 of the Statutes of 1913, the
I was suffering a little, but grew very
drowsy (from ths dope the doctor Rave
me. I guess), and was passing into
sleep or unconsciousness I don't
know which when I experienced my
vision.'
"From out of the clouds, it seemed
to me, a great big fellow in a Knishts
of Columbus secretary's uniform hov
ered over me and whispered.
" 'Are you asleep?'
" I'm not," I replied. It I was I
wouldn't be answering you.'
" 'Would you like a smoke?" he
asked.
"He had a stubby pipe inrfiis mouth
and when the smoke hit my nostrils
I knew I was having a vision. Noth
ing ever smelled so sweet to me as
did that smoke.
"Reaching down into a big sack he
pulled out a big brown cigar, put it
in my mouth, and then lit it. This is
heaven, I thought, and I will soon
hear the angels singing but I didn't.
"My "vision' slipped a pack of cig
arettes and a bunch of matches under
my pillow and then faded away.
"I still thought it was all a dream,
but came out of my trance when hot
ashes from the cigar fell on bared
chest. Then knew different.
"But, at that, I think my 'vision'
rnlder those circumstances had it on
Little Eva's, don't you? She saw
angels, but they didn't give her a
smoke, did they?"
The kaiser alludes to the Allies'
"will to destruction," and he might
add that where there's a will there's
a way. Kansas City Star.
ROUMANIAN QUEEN ASKS U. S. TO HELP
LIBERATE HER PEOPLE BY BUYING BONDS
iv.
V
Id
74
V i . f f
- r
4 tl"
Queen Marie of Roumania caring for wounded solditrs.
Queen Marie of Roumania realizes that her people will not be liler-itou
from the oppression of the Hun until the Germans are brought to their
knees. She urpes Americans to buy their limit of Liberty bonds to speed
up victory for the allies. The photo shows her in one of her hospitals,
where she cares for many soldiers daily. ,
Although unprecedented con
ditions prevail to day in the
ready to wear and dry goods
markets and prices are steadily
advtxnciit?, we arc effrrin sr?
ciils in all departments tomor
row that s!.c.'!d yt a real sving
tc you.
Your New Suit is Here
We have selected a number of
our early fall suits and have
marked them ai very special
prices for tomorrow.
Attractive wool poplin suits,
trimmed with braid and buttons,
belted effects, in all the new au
tumn models, $27.50, $22.50,
$3S.50.
Velveteen Suits
Our velveteen suits are very
rich in coloring. Among these
can be found navy, brown, pur
ple, myrtle, plum, etc., beauti
fully tailored. $39.50 to 45.00.
SILK DRESS SPECIAL
These silk dresses are in satin and georgette
combinations, sizes to 44. Special $16.50
Women's Dress Special i SERGE DRESS SPECIAL
Womens Cloth Coats
The first thing about these
coats that will attract you, is their
becoming charm and attractive
appearance. Next you will be
impressed with their fine fabrics
Coats made of fine zibaline cloth
in a variety of colors, and large
collars trimmed with bands of
velvet, come in all sizes.
Special $22:50
Velveteen Coats
This i3 the popular fall fabric:
.1 1 1 1 ,r,l
they nave a ncnne&a auu Kc"t,u' . v.rr -;;. -; j
air of beauty that is very effect- feV$'
Hon vnn will like their t.i-.-'j.i-'""
JVC lvii
perfect tailoring, the colors are
brown, navy, green, black; in
all sizes to 44.
Special $20.00
j Wool jersey, serges and satins and combina-
tion of satin and georgettes, made in manderin
! end straight panel lines. These are- not shown
j either in extreme length or in shortness and have
j an artirtic simplicity that will win your admira
I tion. Special ...j. $24.75
J Plush and Furette Coats
Beautifully trimmed; some with self colors,
others with beaver colored plush. '
j Special $30.00, $32.50, $35.00
War Time Furs j
j These stoles are made of Furette av.d seal
plushes; straight effects, 14 long. Special, $3.95
Belted Stoles, in seal plush, made with pockets j
ard light silk lining. Special $16.50-$19.50 j
SWEATERS
Women's and Children's slip over and sweat-
cr coats.
Children $2.95 up
1 Women's .' $5.00 up
All wool serges, in navy, tan, burgundy and
plum, sizes to 44. Special $16.50
sTeciallyt
Waists are certainly "doing their bit" this sea
son, in enabling women to dress attractively and
economically. Here are dressy styles made of
crepe de chine and georgette, in white and flesh,
trimmed with laces and hemstitching and large
collars, high and low neck. Special $4.95
: 1 ;i; .'. vi
' v Li
C 73
MILLINERY
The wonderful display cf women's fal1
and winter hats which we offer, is bror. ::
enough to satisfy every taste ar.d require
ment. Every hst we carry is a splendid
value, being carefully made of high grade
materials throughout. Special invitation
to visiC our millinery parlors.
HEATERS ARE IN
BIG DEMAND
The mornings and evenings are getting
real chilly now and the first thought is to
be comfortable; hence this invitation to
visit our second
floor furniture de
partment and look
this big line ' of
heaters over. You
cannot help but be
suited ; sizes and
prices to suit ev
ery body. Our gas
coal ranee combi
nations are worthy
t) of your attention,
ask our salesmen
to show them to
you.
IBH
I'l
JJtu
I
rr a. v. t .
Bargain Booth Specials
MEN'S SHIRTS $1.35
We will place on our Bargain Booth.
main entrance, a close out line of men's j
soft cuff, neck band shirts, in striped
madras and percale materials, sizes 1 4 J2
to 1 7. These are wonderful values, con-
siderirrr the present market value. Only 1
a limited number to offer.
Special $1.35 ;
Women's Union Suits j
Women's fine mercerized cotton union j
suits, tlcsh color, low neck, no sleeve3 ana
knee length, also same garments, Dutch
neck, rlbow sleeve and ankle length. Thes
are pood looking and will give the best of
service, $2.25 value. Special $1.45
Women's extra fine union suits, mer
ceiizod cotton, flesh color, low neck, knee
Jprrfh, al.o v'th elbow sleeve rd r.n
length, $3.00 value. Special $1.95
Knitting needles, amber and white; reg
ulation Red Cross size, pair 25c
NEW CORSET MODELS
On your corset depends the success or
failure of. your costume. Therefore, you
cannot be too careful in its selection. Com
in and let us help you we carry all the
standard brands, in a complete range of
sizes. Among them is the corset particu
larly fitted to your figure.
Silk Department l
It surely will not be a hard-
ship to prove up to the govern-
ment s requirements in using
silks, as it needs comparatively!
little and it will be patriotic to
,1 . ! t '
use mis material wherever pos-
sible in your winter apparel,;
for it will be an easy matter to;
make up beautiful dresses.!
waists, costumes, etc., from
the splendid silks we are show-
it iiw
mum
ml . '
Shoes
for Men
Men's tan, English lace
neolin soles and rubber
heels $6.00
Men's black kid blucher,
lace, $4.50 to $7.50
Men's tan blucher, lace,
hi toe and heel $7.50
Men's tan buttons, G. W.
soles, hi toe and heel. .$7.50
Men's double sole, black
grain leather bluchers, for
diggin' copper $3.50
Men's diggers of tan grain
leather, full double soles,
solid heel $t, $4.50, $5.
Men's 9 in. U. S. white rub
ber diggers $3.50