TWO SECTIONS
Twelve Pages
w r w
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service,
V
VOL 21, NO. 54.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, AUGUST 11, 1918.
..ICE FIVE CENTS.
it " 1.' Lfl n :
1
k IP IT
R
OF
hm i uwt
J iJ IN MM r j ,1 f l LI e, n f t
1 1 U II Eh
FRENCH TROOPS SECURE
OVER Mil
SEVERAL
A9T but BELITTLE GAINm TO KEEP EHEMEY
!!y R'-v!e leased v."ire) in such circumstances is unavoidable, ued. "The country has not to deoend
AMSTERDAM, Aug. 10. The Anglo but the enemy has not reached any of on its resolution. What the country
I French successes are attributed to "'3 stratsgic goals. wants is a good, s.eady h art, free
!... ... . Another semi-official utterance tele- from excitement, not an intermittent
, the.rsurpr.se attacks and the presence gratk,d frQm BeHin My, FieIj Mar0p irregular neart but one of steady
of a thick fog over the battle field, ,h,i Ha;a undertook the attack to re- blows and if we keen that I believe
store the badly wrnished military we will win."
The difficulty now is to stop the
The victory was djcr said the men from comina forward from the
the exceedingly premier, "to the brilliant quality of mines and the munitions works," he
rable ground for the movement of our troops assisted by the French and asserted. "One of the things which
Jations of tanks, the initial success of ican troops." the use of tanks and the men came
the Anglo-French armies under Field The great supply of ammunition had ' out of the works, where these are made
Poilus Drive HeinieS Before Them for Important Gain East: Marsnal Haig have not surpassed the been a factor in dealing with the sit- and when asked to produce more.
j limits which usually result from a first uation, he said, but one of the great- said: 'We are going to fight.' It is
nf f!anturefl Town in Picardv Following CaDture VlC-iday's offerisivs." the agency declares, est was the combined command, difficult to beat a country with men
r ' "A certain loss in gjns and prisoners "But it i
PRISONERS
hundred mm
i according to a Berlin to agram re
ceived here quoting a semi-official Ger- prestige of Great Brit-in
news agency.
twithstanding
RON SiiYS GENERAL MARCH
S WEEKLY INTERVIEW
I
torious Army Carries All Before Them to Depth of Six
Miles on Twenty-Mile Front Beyond the City; British
and Americans Join in Making Rout of Foe to the Sea
UNDATED WAR LEAD BY THE ASSOCIATED PRESS. The French
have driven the Germans before them for an important gain cast of Mont
didier in Picardy. That city, which was the apex of a German salient that
now has been wiped out, fell to the French fourth army at midday Saturday.
Before nightfall, according to the French war office statement, the victorious
French forces had carried the battle line onwards to an average depth of
six miles on a front of aoproximately twenty miles.
In the three days of engagements that culminated in the taking of
Montdidier, the French took 8000 prisoners. Their captures also included
200 guns and an enormous amount of material.
Crushed by the impact of the British, French and American offensive
cn the battle front from Albert, northeast of Amiens, to the Oise river, north
of Compiegne, German forces are streaming back toward the Somme river
and the Nesle-Noyon canal. So far as can be determined, the enemy is in
full retreat all along the front against which the allies flung themselves on
Thursday morning. It is reported from Paris that French patrols are in
Chaulnes, the principal German center west of the Somme.
Montdidier, at the tip of the German salient in Picardy, has been, taken
by the allies, who cut off large numbers of the enemy when they sought to
beat a retreat from the city. Thousands of prisoners were taken there by
the allies, it is reported.
North of Somme, stubborn enemy re-. '
sistance at Chipilly spur, a height
which dominated the wliole valley of
the Somme in that region, has been
broken and the Germans north of the
river have joined their comrades in
retiring.
South of Montdidier, the French
have plunged through the German
lines on the hills west of the Metz riv
, er and are reported to he in the val
j lev of the str-aai at Marquegliso.
When the situation is studied on a
map it can be seen that the Germans
are in a serious position east of Mont
didier. The allies have closed in on
Chaulnes and have had the railroad
junction south of that town under
artillery fire for two days.
If Chaulnes is lost to the Germans
they will be forced to make a long
perilous march eastward over country
roads toward Noyon. The rapid pro
gress of the French below Montdidier
has placed even this road under fire
and made it almost impossible as an
avenue to escape.
In the center the Germans are re
ported to be in full retreat. Allied air
men have seen roads filled with Ger
man motor torries and have been ac
tive in bombing these lines of trans
port. The bridges of the Somme river
south of Peronne are under fire and
the one at Peronne is reported to have
been broken. This will throw new com
plications in the German high com
mand's task of extricatin his shattercj
armies from the field where they have
been defeated.
It now appears that the German
lines in Picardy must have been strip
ped when Crown Prince Uupprecht
sent troops to the rescue of the Ger
man crown prince's armies south or
the Aisne three weeks ago. Paris
newspapers, remark on the fact that
the captives taken, are for the most
part rather old and it is said that thoy
are members of the reserve divisions.
Crown Prince Rupprecht is known to I
nu
III! H n I
r
m mill dll
TO STAND UP
mnrn amjim
UNDER ADVANCE
British and Americans Ran
Into Battle in Order Not to
Be Left Behind, Then Con
quered Germans '
WITH THE FRKN'CH AH MY IN
FRANC K, Aug. 10 (By the Associated
Press) D p. m. The French attacked
this morning in the sector east of
Montdidier, between Courcel!es-Epiy-elles
and the Matz. There was no
artillery preparation before the at
tack. The Germans were on the alert, but
were completely overwhelmed by the
suddenness of the attack. Ry 8 o'clock
tanks were in Ressones-Sur-Matz and
by 11 o'clock the French had taken
Mcrtemere, Cuvilly and Marqueglise.
At some points the advance was near
ly five miles. The dash of the French
troops was splendid. Their first ob
jective was so quickly taken that the
hour of attack on the second objective
had to be advanced.
SITUATION AT NOON
WITH THE FRENCH ARMY IN
FRANCE. Aug. 10 (By the Associated
Press) Noon. The Germans at Mont-
have a large number of splendid troops j didier are caught between the jaws of
which will probably be thrown into tlv
battle at once. So far, only two of
these divisions have come in contact
i vise which were closing in this morn
ing. Converging attacks from the
north yesterda- and from the orfh
with the allies but they have been tin- this mornins had succeeded In virtu-
able to check fJhe onward rush of the r,iv encircling the town.
victorious armies of Haig and De'oeny. They had also rendered useless to
The number of prisoners captuied the Germans the Mont lidier-Chaulres
during the first three days of the of- railway which was the only linn feed
fensive is very large. It is hinted nl , ing the Tront at the bottom of the
Paris that it exceeds by far the figures j Montdidier pocket. The forces remain
given out in the official statements. ing there were In danger of not getting
Two divisional headquarters with out without heavy losses,
their staffs, are said to have been tatc-j The sunnlies taken durirg the past
en. The guns and war materials lost j two days has been so laree that tv has
by the enemy constitute a very heavy j not been possible to make an inven
loss. I torv nf U an vet It Inrlnrtps an iior-
Since the American forces occupies
Fismette the northern suburb of Fis
mes. on the Vesle. there have been no
reports of further attacks in that re
gion. It is believed, however, that the
(Continued on Pace Six)
j mous number of shells of all calibres
I and arms of all description.
The attHCk extended to the eastward
jthfs morning, giving an unexpected de
j velopment in the French participation
(Continued on Vuge Fix)
Trains Run Once More in m
Amiens Section After Big
In terim, Says Lloyd George
is not over yet," he contin- like that.'
WITH IIAXD aniJXADKS TAXKS 1WIVE 1IVXS FROM WOOD
4
3
;w Ar y-J) V.' 'f'?V.if;.-f. r .' 4 '"fr.?4
9
Wr V '1-
CHINESE REFUSE TO
RECEIVE PAPAL NUNCIO,
ALLEGE GERMAN'S FKIEN3
PKKING, Aug. 10 (By the Asso
ciated Press!. The Chinese gov
ernment has declined to recei.e
Mor.sinor PetrHli. recently ap
pointed pupal nuncio to China, on
the ground that he is a personal
friend of Admiral von Hintze. Ger
man secreiary of foreign iiffi'.irs
and late minister to Peking.
FIGHT DETAILS
CHIEF OF STAFF AND HIS SUBOR
DINATES DELIGHTED AT PRO
GRESS MADE BY ALLIES TO
WARD STRAIGHTENING LINE
AND ELIMINATING SALIENT
MORE FIGHTING AHEAD
AGAIN
PROV
F
L
YANKS BRAYE
Had Made Ample Preparation
for Resisting French but
They Were Quickly Over
whelmed by Dash
GENERAL SAYS UNTIL AFTER
HUN HAS BEEN DRIVEN BACK
OF ORIGINAL HINDENBURG
LINE THERE CAN BE NO LETUP
ON PART OF ALLIED ARMIES
1
The committee on puljnc information, which suppiiec! this picture, ticiCo not reveal where this action took
place. The photo seems to illustrate very we!!, however, the recent battle of Ecilca'u wood, in which Americans
with hand grenades cad other weapons drove the boches out of the forest, capturing atd killing more than ft
thousand mux.
PROMOTION OF
MANY OFFICERS
RECOMMENDED
Y WILL ORGANIZE
CITIZENSHIP CLASS
YANKS RESIST
Secretary Daniels Would Like j fc
to See 413 Line Officers of j
Navy Move Up
Service
Notch in
Arrangements are being made it J
"the Y. M. C. A. to organize a natu-
ralization ch'ss for thosa who nave (
applied to appear before the court !
at 'fomhstcne for cxaniination for J
naturalisation on September lllh. (
The "Y" requests all applicants i
to hand thf ir names in immediately i
imn-ediately at the desk, so that the
number may be determined, and !
dates set 'or Instruction. At le'at i
ur sessions will bs necess-ary for
each shift. "Aslt the man at taei ;
dsk." t j:
AND
BRiVt
ACii
HU
!'l
COUNTER
TESS
WASHINGTON. Aug. 10 Promotion j
of 413 line officers of the navy and
sixteen officers of Xi.e coast guard was
recommended to Secretary Daniels to
day by the naval board of selection,
of which Admiral Mayo is president.
The nromotions, which in some cases
are permanent and in others only tern- J
porary, range all the way irom com
manders to rear admirals and ari
made necessary by the rapid expan
sion of the navy planned for the next
year.
Apprcval cf the recommendations by
President Wilson is necessary before
any of the promotions become effective
and only a comparatively few of the
officers are needed at this time for the
duties to .which it Is the intention to
assign them.
Nine captains, now holding the tem
porary rank of rear admiral, were rec
ommended for promotion to that rank
permanently as follows:
Captains Albert P. Niblack. John A.
Hoogewerff, Marbnry Johnston. Edwin
EYE
TELLS OF PLUCK
OF
MARINES
Succession of Attempts to Dis
lodge Americans From Po
sitions on Vesle Prove
Quite Futile
Germans Came On in Perfect
Line Until They Encount
ered the Devil Dogs Before
Whom They Broke
(V.v ISevlew t.P-'Pil Wire)
WASHINGTON. Aug. 10. An eye
witness story of ;the' . fighting near
Chateau Thierry in which American
divisions. Including the marine brig
ade, took part early in June, was made
WITH THE AMERICAN ARMY ON
JHK YESLE FRONT, Aug. 10. (I!y
the Associated Press.) In attempting
to dislodge the French and the Amer
icans from positions from north of
the Yesle river on both sid?s cf I is
nies the Germans launched rrp'-sfed
counter-attacks which began jus be
fore dark Friday night and continued
until Saturday morning. Tht-ra was
desperate fighting in the region of
Fismette where the German attacks
were repulsed by the Americans
were clinging to the outskirts of the
village.
In the region of Bazoches, the Ger
mans made several vicious attacks, but
the allies successfully fought them off
The Germans began with airplane
attacks, the aviators attempting to
bomb infantrymen north of the Yesle
and bridges over which their other
WITH THE BRITISH ARMY IN
FRANCE. Aug. 10, (By the Associated
Press.) North of the Ancre the Bri
tish have firmly established their posi
tions and are pushing out patrols to
ward Brave.
The O.enrtans throughout the d.iy
were retiring all along the lin5. en
deavoring to save whatever they could
as the French launched their new at
tack against Montdidier.
The French attack today resulted in
the taking of Montdidier. T'ais move
ment is considered s most, significant
as the alliea have now penetrated far
into the enemy lines in the Amiens
district. The Germans ar1? retreating
rapidly out of the pocket of which
Montdidier was the apex.
The Americans and Britith have
now advanced beyond their objectives
north of the Somme. The whole of the
i Chipilly spur is now in' their posscs
I sion after fighting of the mot desper
' ate character.
j The casualties of the AmericiriS
were not more than was to be expected
considering the bitterness of the light
ing. I Details of the brilliant bottle which
i the American and British fought for
j the spur are now available. In order
I to go over the top at the appointed
j time yesterday the Americans were
I forced to make a rapid march in the
I last part of which they ran. so a3 to be
in the fight.
I Hurried on their way Uy the advanc
I ing allies on the Amiens-Somme bat
j tie field, the Germans throughout the
day retired all along the line, attempt
j ing to save what ever they coutd f.s
I the French launched a new at'ack on
: Montdidier. The elements of th Or
I man division became badly confused
in their operations through tryin-j to
hold up the allies in their several a:-
By Review Wire)
WASHINGTON, Aug. io.-This
is t!ie time fcr the greatest ef
forts; keep the enemy running."
Gtneial .March, chief of sia.'f.
summarized thus today to news
paper men the situation in France.
Standing before the great military
maps at the war department that
show dear y j'is whore the Ger
man is being beaten hack, he point
ed out that the great, battle front
wa3 rapidly being straiehtened out
from Rheims to the sea.
"They ha.e not yet." he said
"gotten back to the original Hia
denburg line where the German
began his advances this year. We
still have some territory to gain,
so when statement a?pear that
indicate the wr is over at this
point, discourage it
'Ttin. is tliA tiice for the great
elfoits. jkeep the enemv runnina.
That i- tht. reason the Unite!
States Is being called upon for
increased niinpowe.-; thai Is the
reason we w.r.it the aje limits f"r
the draft rofi If ' vcrd and raised
to get mor? men
"It is no ti:ne nov t.i talk pbo-it
the war Iici.u ovr. If Is the
time to hit hard.
"The greatest advantase of the
whole bai been the change of the
allies from the defensive to the
offensive which is a great military
asset. We 1-nv,. the cnemv guess-in-r
new inst'j.' rf fues.-ing o'.'.r
sflves." From a confidential report G-eraI
March read the following account of
thP situation on the British French
front south of Albert:
"The allied troops foun i little 'p.
position and have captured more nri
cners than it Is possible for thwi to
handle, including a German general
an 1 his staff, showing elements of
surprise in the attack. British re
port their nrfson camcs back of Ami
en so full that it is impossible to
hold mere. A'lies have cantured all
the artiUery in the sector.
uesencing tue mm in me wum
opeTtions. General March safe':
"Surveying the battle line broadly,
von see that thre have been a num
ber of places wher we have beeo
nibbling alon the Vesle river front.
Hctjuirln? a foothold on th? northern
bank, but have not yet attempted to
get up the slc.nes on the north sid"
where German Intrenchments are su
nosed to be. That part of the line has
tacks. It was a victorious day for 'he remained stat'onarv.
allies who smashed all the Gemnn "As the line has become stationrr.
resistance. Foch has kent up hi. pressure on the
In the American attack the Gerir.n j cnemv. working on the perfectly sound
infantry held for a while and then i principle that when you get an enemy
broke and the Americans kept going I eoing. you keep him coing; never iv.
at some nlaees without the assistanrn : him a rhanre to recupera'e or thin
The ground, nittcd w'th
was nnsulted for tank
of the tanks,
deep gullies
warfare.
There were no trenches, hut n ?hin
smoke screen blowing across the
ground indicated where the enemv-
It over: k"-en on hitting hl:n.
"On August S a combined British
and French force, romnvw Jed hv Field
Marshal Haig, attacked on a front of
twentv mi'es esst of Amiens. This
terrain is f at. almost level, and while".
trnona werp nassin? French and Amer
ican anti-aircraft euns beat off tho position lay. At the same time the i some time ago tere were smill
German fliers, however. German artillery became active and cl'-.mns of woods, nil cf those undouM-
Just after dark the Germans launch- dropped shells in the direction of the edly have been leve'ed long ago hy ar-
ed an artillery attack which f.tea l.ly I American troops which inflicted a few
LONION, Aug. 10( via Monmr
all. Speaking at a luncheon today
at Newport. Monmouthshire, Pre
mier Lloyd G'Orge emphasized the
importance o" the pushing back of
the Germans frnm v.ithin gun
range of the Amiens railway.
"Hundreds of trains used to
pass through Ami'ns daily," said
the premier, "but we were tem
porarily deprived of its use until
recent!", when we were able to
employ twenty tn:lns daily.
"Amiens is now safe; through the
recent allied triumphs on tho
Marne and tfie Somme. which were
due to the unity of command.
These two great victories have re
sulted in ttie capture; of between
fifty thousand and sixty thousand
prisoners and between eight hun
dred and nine hundred guns."
A. Anderson. Thomas W. Kincaid. Win. j pU),Hc today by the navy department.
S. Smith. Charles . Dyson, c laretice ,g ,n ,,ie form cf R let,pr from an
H. Williams and John I). McDonald.
The following captains were rcom-! '-cr of the marines to Major Gen
mcrvled for promotion to the tempo-j eral Barnett. commandant of the corps,
rnry rank of rear admirals: George R. I The Americans were rushed to the line
Clark, William A. Gill, Harold P. Nor- j j tnotor trucks to support the hard
ton. Gustav Kaeinmerling. Alexander i pressed Frenrh and on June 1 the
Halstead. Roger Welles. Charles P. : marine brigade deployed on a support
Plunket, William H. G. Bullard, Joseph position, the battalion commanded by
W. Oman, Philip Andrews. Joseph Me Maj. Thomas Hclcomh. hurrying Into
Kean. Benton C. Decker. Mark U i th?; line as the men climbed out of
Bristol. Newton A. McCulloy. Henry, the trucks. The Germans were com
F. Bryan, Andrew T. Long. Thomas j,,K on. and on June 2 the French
Washington. Guy H. Irurrage, Ashley droprd hack, passing through
H. Robertson. Carlo !i. Brittain. Sam-1 Amirlrpn lines.
uel S. Rohison, Charles F. HugJ'es. II ""e had installed ourselves in a
A. Wiley. : hnuso in l.a Vole Chattel, a lit'le v II-
Commauders were recommended to iagr between Champillun and laicy Lo guns made futile attacks
promotions to permanent rank of cap- Pn-ngr," tr letter says. "From one; Tht. mericans discovert .1 Saturday
Increased in volume until nearly day
light when the Franco-Americans
counter attacked with such force Mint
the Germans were forced to lessen
the volume of their fire.
During the night the Germans at
tacked Fismette three times and once
J after daylight Saturday,
j From the region siutheast of
! Braisne to Fismes. the Franco-Amer-
lean put down such a terrific barrage
i that the Germans were stopped.
i Saturday morning the Teutons start
ed another attack along the same Mil's
hut heavv artillery quickly checked
,l,p I this assault. The enemy used imu h !
i gas in attempting to dislodge the
i Americans from Fir-met te. Infantry-I
men pentifuliy supplied with machine
casualties. The Americans fan on and
Contlrni1 on Pair- Pix
tillerv fire, so we can count that co:m
trv as practically level with very nat-
tContlnued on ao flix
German Peace Drive Soon
Will Start in Opinion'
Of Our Chief of Staff
fains ar follows:
Phillip Williams.
Douglas E. Dis-
mukes. Bion B.
IK Hashroiiche,
Frank II. ( lark.
I side we had observation of the north
"Thcv were driving at hill t;" from
Hierer. Raymond De the north and northeast ai-.d they came
.loci R. P. l'ringle. i0iit on a wonderfully clear day in two
Edward H. Campbell. VolumiiH advancing in perteet order
(Continued on I'aso Si:-:) (Continued on Page Sisi
that the Germans in counter attacking
Fri lav iiiht and Saturday marnl-ii
used "i;las!; hall" shrapnel containing
stones o" a marble shape, seme ot
tin-in p half Inch in diameter and otil-
tContlmied cn Tace Six)
WASHINGTON. An-v H. Hint
of a German "peace offensive"
reached the state department trom
vari.uis sources and evfd"nces. of
indirect and cautious feelers al
ready nut out led tc I iv to at: auth
oritative statement that General
March set forth the attt-p!. of
the American government today
when he said in a conference with
newspaper men that now was the
time for the greatest cf ort at the
battle front.
"It Is known to the officials that
more Teutonic peace talk would
have been forthcoming if the big
March drive of the Germans had
succeeded. Now that they are
reclln- under a stunning deteat.
officials say the "peace drive"
mav he expected because some
thing must be done to keep thet
German peop'e behind their gov
ernment by the pretense that it
Is willing and anxious to mak
pc'4 e. TWO
THE B1SBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, AUGUST 11, 1918.
CANADIAN OFFICER
TAKES. -MAN AS
FORMER MEMBER OF FLYING SER
VICE ASSERTS HE IS NOT FIT
TED FOR ACTIVE SERVICE AND
REFUSES TO RESPOND TO CALL
OF DUTY AT END OF LEAVE
PRESCOTT, Aug. 10. Allen Mar
shal, a young man who came to Pres
cott several weeks ago wearing the
uniform of a lieutenant of the Cao
adian Flying Corps, was taken into cus
tody by Lieutenant George H. Mackay
of Tcrouto, Ontario, charged with be
ing a deserter from the Canadian
army. Officer Mackay and his pris
oner left for the njrth yesterday after
noon. According to the story told by
Mackay, young Marshall had been in
the Royal Hying service but had been
given a leave of absence following an
aerial accident. The young man came
heie and when called upon to return
to his duties in the Dominion, refused
to do so, saying that he was unable
to travel.
Several weeks ago, the military au
thorities at Toronto communicated
with Chief of Police Bloom of Pres-
cott, the officer having been asked
to get a line on Marshall and ascer
tain whether or not the young fel
low was in as bad physical condition
as he had represented to the Canad
ian officers. The chief kept an eye
on the young man for a number of
weeks, and finally reported to the-
Toronto offica that Marshal w. ap
parently in good shape; 'and vas
spending most of his time in the com
pany of a number of young womeu of
this city. The latter part of last wek
Chief Bloom received word that the
Canadian authorities would send a
man here in a fc(w days to get the
young man, and asked the police oft!
cial to keep watch on Marshall.
Lieutenant Mackay arrived in Pres
catt eariy yesterday morning and at
once began his hunt for Marshall.
With the aid of Mr. B'.ooni, Marshall
was located out at the Lynx crossing,
where- he was watching a gold dredge
operate. When taken into custody,
Marshall stoutly averrti that he was
in no shape. to travel, and while he
resented very much being taken back
to Canada, announced that he would
cot resist his removal from the Univ
fd States in to the Dominion. Officer
Jiackay had tome prepared with me
nfert:'-ry p?.rrs to secure the young
man's rtajj-al if the lauer had de
clarer.: such a procedure.
In commcntins upon the case, Lieu-tcu.-.r
:.;t-.t.v is.-Kci yesterday after-;
iioocn that tiiO C-a;.il!an autriji:ic-s
lizc a ilc-'-ir cut c'be oi uesernon
aair.sr. young Marshall, and that tiitf
youth had pe: sisfenlly refused to come
"back fcr service wt.en he had been
called. It is not now the policy of
the Canadian military authorities to
shoot deserters, the olficcr said, but
in all probability, the primmer would
be reduced in rank and Cent to the
firing line at the first opportunity.
spur track from the right-of-way of
their railroad, the Kay and Gila valley,
to the site of the mines and the mill
of the foimer company was with
drawn. This, however, does not affect tlu
building cf the truck, which now is
nearly completed, having been con
structed under agreement.
Also dismissed is the rate ca.-e cf
the Arizona Hercules against the Kay
and Gila valley, the reparation case
against the same road and the com
plaint against the Kay Consolidated al
leging failure to render adequate elec
trical service.
The Arizona Hercules also asked
that their protest against the sale of
the electrical property by the Ray
Consolidated to the Ray Electric and
Telephone company be dismissed and
likewise their protest against the ap
plication of the Ray Consolidated for
permission to sell the yards and other
property of the Ray and Gila valley
railroad to a s spa rate company. In
fact, the Arizona Hercules has wiped
the slate clean of all charges and pro
tests against the Ray Consolidated.
MASTER SCREEN STORY
CRIPS AUDIENCE
ENTERTAINMENT AND
SOCIAL TO BE
HELD FRIDAY
CHRISTIAN CHURCH INVITES EV
ERYONE IN DISTRICT TO AT
TEND Bid FREE EVENT FOR
WHICH EXCELLENT PROGRAM
HAS BEEN PREPARED
. An entertainment-social is to be
siven at the Christian church, Friday
oening, August 16, at 8 o'clock, by the
senior class of their Dibte ticnooi.
fnere will be no admission charged.
All who can spend the evening witii
thtn are cordially invited to be pres
ent on time ani enjoy the full pro
gram. PROGRAM
1. The Silent Church.
2. Piano solo, Mr. Hale.
i. Vocal solo, Mr. Kancourt.
i. Debate, Mr. Frazier vs. X.
(Resolved that a man will vcnture
fartner for the love of woman,- than
for the love of money.)
. Violin solo. Miss Wilson.
j. Hooverized refreshments.
The full membership of the class and
-hose who wish to rehearse with them
are asked to be at the church at 7:30
p. ni. luesaay for renearsai.
CASUALTY LIST
ARIZONA ASKED FOR
A LARGER WHEAT
AGREAGE
FARMERS OF NATION TO BE ASK
ED THIS FALL TO SOW NOT
LESS THAN 45,000,000 ACRES IN
WHEAT, MAKING INCREASE OF
SEVEN PER CENT
The farmers of the United States
will be asked to .sow this fall not less
than 45,000,000 acres in wheat, an in
crease of 7 per cent over last
year's sowing, it is announced iii the
weekly news letter urging a "Liberty
harvest" in 1919. The minimum for
Arizona is 4G.000 acres, and 48,006
acres is the maximum. In 117 the
acreage of this state in wheat was 44.
000 acres.
The department suggests that an
even greater area 47,&iO,O00 acres, an
increase of more than 12 per cent over
last year, could be sown if conditions
are especially favorable In all the
states.
From the smaller acreage suggested,
a harvest of 636,000,000 bushels might
be expected and from the larger, 6t7.
000,000. It will not be noted that this
is winter wheat. Winter wheat is
urged in sections where it is practica
ble because the department says it is
a safer crop and produces more heav
ily. An increase in the acreage is urged
because of the need cf providing for
the current needs of the CnitecP Slates
and the allies and also of building up
a wheat reserve.
(By P.rview Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, Aug. 10 The army
asualty list: j
Ki led in action, 64; died c wounds, i
"S: died of disease, 3; died of airplaue ,
j';oi'Jent, 2; died cf accident and othir i
aues, i; wounded severely, 102; !
..ouuded, degree undetermined, 102; j
jiissins in .action, 211; total, 516. j
The list included. j
Corporal Daniel Sparks, Ennis, Tex; j
splcio Mcya, Watrous, N. M., stvere
y woundsd.
Corporals Max H. Berger, Denver, !
L;olo.; Chas. Leon, East Bernard, Tex.; !
os. P. McCak, Cameron, Tex.; Win.
. Hufimann, Call, Tex.; Henry G
Incx, Peach, Texas; E. E. Roberts,
Bopata, Tex.; Joe Chalupa, Taylor,
Tex.; Chas A. Rose. Denver, Colo.;
urn. Baton, Jerrayn, Tex".; missing in
otion. John Y. Martinez, Corpus .
Chrlsti, Tex., wounded, degree undeter
mined, j
Ernest J. King, Woden, Tex.; O. H. j
Lein. Sequin, Texas, Harry A. Lie,
Dallas, Texas; John Shaw Hartig2n,
Tex., missing in action. !
Killed in action 11; died of wounds
3; wounded severe;y, 9; total, 25.
The iist includes: Marion Gray.1
Eagle Hill, X. M.. Uied of wounds re
ceived in action. Hvbcrt B. Crossett, I
Harlingen, Tex., wounded severely. '
KILLED IN QUARREL
OVER WALKING ACROSS
MAN'S WAR GARDEN
(Bv Review Leased Wirel
PHOENIX. Ariz., Aug. 10 A.
F. Newby, of Scottsdale, thirteen
miles east of hire, was shot and
killed early this morning. His
father-in-law, Brancford Marshall,
was arrested, following the shoot
ing and is .held in the county jail.
It is alleged that the two quar
relled after Marshal had accused
Newby of walking across his gar
den. Newby waj 30 years old and
had been married only two
months. He had been living at
Marshall's house. Marshall is GO
years old.
CALL REPUBLICAN CHAIRMAN
RAY COMPANIES MAKE
UP ALL THEIR
DIFFERENCES .
FAMOUS SPUR TRACK CASE
WHICH HAS BEEN BEFORE THE
COURTS AND CORPORATION
COMMISSION MANY MONTHS
DISPOSED OF BY ARBITRATION
(Hv Review Leased Wire)
OKLAHOMA CITY, Okla., Aug. 10.
An oificial call for a meeting cf the
uational association republican state
chairmen to be held at Chicago, Sep
tember 2, haii been issued by Arthur
H. Geissler, president of the national
association and chairman of the re
publican state committee of Oklahoma.
W. 11. Hays, chairman of the repub
lican national committee and all other
committee officers will participate in
tie conference.
MINISTER IS SENTENCED
(T'.y Review loused Wire)
CLEVELAND, O- Aug. 10. Rev. W.
A. Werth, Wine.sbiirg. O., was sen
lenced to two yittfs in the Atlanta
jirir.cn today for violation of the es
pionage act. Rev. Werth is alleged
o na.e said ti;e Amrian army w.s
a tan and f-H cf -disease" while
prciehing a funeral over th. body of
a soldier who had died on tlie Mexi-
lOlUt-i'.
Tr.e r-:i..'US ":-tu:r track case,
which h: boon tie carts and thrf
corporation ( ciui.iission for. ma..y
months, at lait hup been ili.-pcs'-d of.
Tli reign a notion to dismiss, fil'.-rt
w't! the rnrr.o:aMin commission yes
tPrriaj by iln- A-:':'r.n Hercules C:pper
company, the nrplUn'lcn ui that coin
P?ny for an order from the corpora ci'in
commission to compel the Ray Consoli
dated Copper company to construct a
MAKE OVERTIME AGREEMENT
; It'v Rfvlew I.(;i.""l YVIrel
PHILADELPHIA. Aug. 10 Ship
yard employers and employes of the
l'acilic coast who have been in con
ference here this week, at today's
session adopted rules drafted iy
( hirles E. Piez. vice president of tin
emergency fleet corporation, whereby
no overtime shall be paid, except by
the specific order ot the distiict olticer ,
of the fleet coiporatiou. '
WM. FARNUM SAYS OF "WHEN
A MAN SEES RED" THAT HE
HAD RARE OPPORTUNITIES FOR
DEVELOPING CHARACTER; AT
CENTRAL TODAY
i lovable, strong man, who is grievously
j wronged, and he develops another side
rthe strong, red-bl:oded fighting man,
I whose fighting instincts come to ths
I foro in the most remarkable fighting
climax ever witnessed, either oil the
j stage or in pictures. I do not believe
that it is possible to reproduce the
j gripping scones of this picture on the
; more jirosaic stage.
"When a Man Sees Red" will be
i shown today at the Central theater in
! Lowell.
MAYOR CLEANS STREETS
"It may be rank heresy on my part,
but it does appear that the opportuni
ties are greater in pictures especially
the development we experience under
such master personages in the hlni
world as William Fox," says William
Farnuni, the famous motion picture
star. "In no whit is an actor's talent
lessened when he enters the silent
world of expression. Rather it seems
to me like there is a broader bent.
"One can feel himself grow in a
master Etory of the screen, r.uch as
'When s Man Sees Red,' an adapta
tion of Larry Evans' great story 'of
'The Painted Lady,' which appeared in
The Saturday Evening Post. In this
great picture I had opportunities that
never would come to one on the stage.
The sailorman, Luther Smith, is a
(Correspondence of Associated Press)
j CARDIFF, Wales, July 30. Inhab
itants of Cardiff were surprised the
! other night to see the lord mayor.
alderman, the city councillors and
their friends turn out armed witn
spades and brooms to clean two of
the principal streets. j
Municipal employes have been on
strike for several weeks and the ac-!
i cumulation of dirt made it necessary j
I for some one to lend a hand In the i
interest of health.
"Y- SECRETARY DIES
(Uy Review Leased Wire)
I LOS ANGELES, Calif., Aug. 10
1 James E. Sprunger, state secretary of
the Young Men's Christian association
in California, for the past seven years,
, died here today. Early In the war he
was sent abroad to aid in organizing
: association work for the soldiers and
i sailors.
ENGINE JUMPS CURVE
TEARS VALL FROM
BUILDING
LARGE CROWD GATHERS TO SEE
DAMAGE WROUGHT WHEN
SPEEDING E. P. & S. W. SWITCH
ENGINE DASHES INTO CONFEC
TIONERY, OVERTURNS TRUCK
A great deal of excitement was
created yesterday evening shortly aft
er 5 o'clock when an engine with foui
loaded ore cars jumped the track be
tween Hogan & Seed's office and the
Imperial building, running Into the
Imperial building and tearing away a
portion of one wall.
The engine with its load of ore cars
was coming down the highway from
the Shattuck tramway in full speed, m
order to make the steep grade ahead.
Engineer C. A. Reams and A. Chrls
tianson, engine foreman, could not
gain control of the air brakes soon
enough and the engine left the track
and turned into the Imperial building
tearing away the entire side of it and
slightly damaging a corner of Mrs.
Norris' store. A truck, belonging to
; Buxton & Smith was overturned into ;
; the subway.
No one was hurt and in a short lime
the engine was again placed on the .
track. The material damage probably ,
will reach several hundred dollars.
"'PLANE MARKINGS
(Correspondence of Associated Press)
AMSTERDAM, Jcfy 30. Details ie
yarding new markings on German air
planes became known here recently.
The arms of the black cross are now
straight (not curved as formerly) with
white edges. The change is said to
have been made because of the previ
ous form made recognition of German
machines difficult and easily led to
confusion with the circular signs on
entente airplanes.
MURRAY, GUEST
OF HONOR AT
DANCEHERE
LOCAL MAN HOME ON FURLOUGH
PLEASANTLY SURPRISED BY
SOLDIER AND CIVILIAN
FRIENDS AT K. OF C. HALL IN
BISBEE FRIDAY NIGHT
DOES PARACHUTE DROP
(Hy Review Lease.! Wire)
FORT WORTH. Tex.. Ang. 10.
Lieut. James H. Dale of St. Louis,
jumped from an airplane traveling
ninety miles an hour at an altitude of
3.000 feet with a parachute and landed
without injury.
ENGLAND TO EGYPT
(By Review Lensel Wire?
LONDON. Aug. 10. Two Royal air
fnrrft ofTlrprB. wirh tun mprhflnir
!have completed a flight from England
to Egypt, a distance of 2'K)0 miles.
Dan Murray, formerly a time keeper
at the Southwest mine, but now sta
tioned at Fort Riley, Kas., as a mem
ber of the army, was the guest of
honor at a dance given at the Knights
of Coiumbua hall. Friday night. About
thirty-five couples, most of th-?m
friends of the, honoree for a long time,
were present. Refreshments consist
ing of ice cream and cake were served.
Mr. Murray ceme home Friday mornr
lng and the dance aj hastily orga
nized by several of his friends, wno
desired to prove to him their liking and
respect.
Among the guest who attended
were about twenty-five soldiers from
Camp Harry J. Jones at Douglas, who
came here by motor truck and motored
back to their camp after the dance had
ended.
.
Do Your Part Buy War bavings btamps Help the Boys Over There
La Camille and Bon-Ton Corsets
The front lace La Camille and back and front
lace Bon-Ton, the standard corsets of the world, and
every model is the original creation of the world's
foremost corset artist. Come in and let our expert
corsetieri fit you in a La Camille or Bon Ton corset.
Their faultless fit. their perfect comfort, their dis
tinctive style, will surprise and delight you. See
them Monday. . (Second Floor)
6
a'
New Fall Shirts
For men. We are showing a big complete line of
fancy striped shirts in materials of madras, crepes
and soisettes. In a big arrangement of both wide
and neat stripes cf red, tan, blue, green and black
in both stiff and French cuffs, in ail sizes. Each
pattern a beauty. See them Monday in our men's
section. Price J1.50 and np to f 1.75. (Main Floor)
Our
August
CI
earance
of Ladies7 Goats and Silk Dresses at Half Price
A great sweeping clearance of all broken lines. Nothing in the way of odcta and ends are being withheld. This is one grand opportunity to buy
and also save money at the. same time. On each garment. Come out Monday and see them on display in ready-to-wear section. (Second Floor)
August Final Clearance
)f LADIES COATS made up in material of tricot-en
velour and man serge and the predominating shades of
French blue, navy and tans. These coats are made upon
both extreme and conservative lines and very smart.
Values up to $37.50. Monday clearance sale, ONE-HALF
, J (Second Floor)
REGULAR PRICE.
August Final Clearance
LADIES' SILK DRESSES made up 'in materials of taf
fettas, foulards and crepe metor and the popular shades of
navy toupe, brown and grey. Also fancy plaids and plain
colors. These dresses are very stunning and smart. Make
your selection early Monday. Values from $16.50 and
up to $45.00. Final clearance Monday at HALF PRICE.
August (
Final Clearance
-of LADIES VOILE and LAWN
DRESSES, suitable for afternoon and
street wear in a good assortment of colors.
They are neat patterrjs and a very cool
dress for now. You will find some all
white dresses in this lot to select from in
broken lines of size. Regular prices, $7.50
and up to $15.00. Final clearance for
Monday, HALF PRICE.
On Sal Monday, Second Floor.
n r- 1 I
n , m l ifer
nn w
August
Final Clearance
of all LADIES GINGHAM DRESSES at
one-third off the regular price. These dresses
are very pretty in neat checks and plaids and
in many beautiful combinations of colors
and smart styles suitable for afternoon and
street wear. PRICES AS FOLLOWS:
Regular $ 6.50 Dress now $4.35
Regular $ 7.50 Dres now $5.00
Regular $ 8.50 Dress now $5.90
Regular $10.00 Dress now $6.67
Regular $12.C0 Dress now $8.37
Blouses at Special Prices Monday Ladies9 and Misses' New Shetland
Regular $7.50 values. In beautiful blouse3 made in materials of
georgette, crepe de chine and also some very pretty striped silks, some
trimmed with glittering bits of blading others are embroidered in
beads and &ilk and some are tailored. These blouses are all this sea
son's newest patterns. Some are slightly soiled from handling. You
would have to go a long ways to be it this $7.50 value. Special Mon
day for $4.95. See display in our window. (Second Floor)
All Wool Sweaters
Just the very wrap you need for these ccol evening?. A beautiful
assortment of colors and styles. Some are slipover rncdels and many
coat styles with belts and good looking big cellars. lso some sleeve
less models to pick from. We have these sweaters in all sizes. Come
in Monday and make your selection. Price from $7.50 and up to $12.50.
Monday Showing in Our
Men's Section
New Advance Fall Hats
., v.. .!!,., j;,;y
I
.1
mtMm
Vi 'if"-'
We have just received a ship
ment of Stetson and Schoble hats
for fall. In all the new shape3
trd 5tylc3 for this season in the
popular shades of French green.
J er?;e, blue, mint, taupe, pearl
j jr.d tan. Sizes to fit every head.
J 3iing your head in Monday and
: us lit ii. in j new fall hat.
Stetson at $5.00, Schoble at
-4.50. Also a big line of new
vclcur hats in all the foremost
shades and r.harcs at $6.00.
(Second Floor)
Raincoats
The time is right in sea
son when you will need a
good raincoat. Let us fit
you out in one of the best
standard makes known.
KENREIGH WEATHER
PROOF RAINCOATS
Priced from $5.00
Up to $22.50
Second Floor, Men's Section
MAKE YOUR DOLLARS
WIN THE WAR. BUYa
WAR SAVINGS STAMPS
Advance Fall Showing of
Oxfords and Pumps
Prices $5.00. $6.00 and $6.50
-.-These oxfords and pumps jast ar
rived and will go on sale Monday in
our shoe section. They come in greys,
brown, tan, field mouse, patent and dull
md there are various styles of heels
French, Cuban and medium low shoes
for every occasion be it afternoon,
street or evening wear and so smart and
pretty. You will have to see them to
appreciate the new fall styles.
Just received two new BOOTS in a
9-inch top.
White Washable Kid Boot at $9 00
Wa?hablc Wyclo Clolh Top Boot $6 50
I
Lt -i-J THREE
SUMMER SCHOOL NOW iTWO EOiHEHTS WIlllAPPEAl FOB FUNDS TO .
CLOSED AND ALL
LEAVE SHORTLY
FOR KEABMY
ESTABLISH HOME
FOR SASLORS
NOTES OF INTEREST ON HAPPEN-j -02O AND 3C3TH, RECENTLY ' DOWAGER LADY DiMSDALE AND
INGS DURING LAST WEEK
INi TRANSFERRED FROM CAVALRY ; LORD EERESFORD ASK SUB-
SCHOOL CIRCLES IN THE WAR-
REN DISTRICT TOLD IN BRIEF j
FORM; SNIDER AT FORT SILL
TO ARTILLERY EXPECT TO EN
TRAIN FROM DOUGLAS THIS
WEEK FCR CALIFORNIA POST
SCRIPTIONS FOR THIS MOST j
WORTHY OBJECT; SEND SUB-
SCRIPTIONS DIRECT TO ENG-j
LAND
-.'"
CT-. t 1
7 w
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, AUGUST 11, 1918.
1 DOUl'LAB. Auk. 10 The ."osth and
departed 302nd national army 1 cement 4, rccc-m-
I
The summer school closed Fric'.av J
evening, and tlie students
Saturday and Sunday for their homes. ; iy transferred from the cavalry to ti t-
Mrs. Foster, wife of Professor Foster, j artjilery branch of service, have re
director of the summer school, left for , Kearny.
Kansas to visifher relatives durms "
the remainder of tbe summer. Miss!ipar San Diego, and the two organ
Thomas. supervisor of -domestic si !-j izations are expected to leave Doug
ence, left for Tucson Friday evening. as Curing the next week. The OiiSth
Former Principal E. Q. Snider of!
The Review is in receipt of a letter
direct from the Dowager Iady Dinu
(iale of London, and ore from Lord
F.eresfonl, admiral of the Hiitish navy,
in which they app al for funds for the
Ladies' Guild of the I:ritisi and Kor-
the high school, who enlisted a few
days ago at Ft. Prliss. lias been trans
ferred to Ft. Sill. Oklahoma.
Professor A.' E. Douglas of th" Uni
versity of Arizona, Is visiting in Iris
bee over Sunday.
The beard of school trustees has
selected a site for the new school to
be erected in W'inwood Addition, and
construction w ill start as soon as bids
can be secured.
Miss Margery McKee of Somas, Cal
ifornia, arrived Sunftay to take a posi
tion in the grades.
eirrm Sailors' Soeietv with which to
regiment was organized here Vi-tj build a great sailors' home in the 1'ort
March and the 302nd was organirerl i of London. It is a most worthy cause,
some time later. The former regi- iThat stu-h a home is badly needed and
,,..... ri'hly deserved goes without question,
ment is commanded by Cant. Hugh j Subti(.ril)ticns an( communication
D. Berkeley and thp letter by Capt. ; repardii'.p this proposed home should
George B. Pritehard. It is likely ; be sent direct to T-ady Dimsd-il, pres
that these two commanders will re-jjjpnt of the Ladies' Guild, Wikefield
main with their regiments in the ar- House. 32 Creapside. London. Lady
tiliery service, but tnere has henri , Dimsdale's letter in full follows:
no announcement as to this.
The officers and men of both or
ganizations have won the rstem of
"Wo are making an pppeal o wom
en who owe so much rro the protection
afforded bv our splendid Sailors to
the people of Douglas. They are a-!llnjte in an effort to raise a fund for
manly lot and will give a goon ac- t!:o huildins of a great Sailors' Home
count ot tnemseives w nereer ine nd iovs' Hotel in the Porf of London,
of
war may place the-n igs an fxrr(Ssion nf gratitude to those
Miss Lenore Jones of Ft Davis, Tex
as, arrived on Saturday to take a po-; fortunes
sition in the junior high. ; When Lieut. Col. J. J. I'onifaee, who ; spit ndid men of both sea services who
Miss Carrie L. Barber, who has been ; this week was promoted to the -ank v,avP iost their lives in the service of!
conneciea wim me riagsian .Miruiai ( ui cuiouei unu unnnra ,-. their country and to those who are
for the past seven years, arrived fcun- Meaue, .via., arnveu nere lasi rtr-j- .., f peri,3 0 mines an,j sun.
each country
represented in
its own section.
it will be definite':.- recorded
day and will take a position In the , ruary to take up tne preunirr.u ;nl!,rinPS
junior high. Miss Berber was princi-, work of organizing the C'.iSth, n.i ef-1 Js' nror.ol.0( that
pal of Central School in Bisbee for rev- fort was made to have it composed of ! b,r,.jhi ' Bn01ll(, 1C T
en years before going to Flagstaff. ; Arizona recruits, but the war depart- j- b"ili; , hav' it
CARD OF THANKS
We wish to thank our friends ana !
he regiment was given tho name cf ''"at the Home s pro med by women
; -Arini-. Ou-n " ivhifh it st 1 bears. . 1 1 Ul" " '
neighbors and Mr. Hubbard for their The city of Douglas raised a fund I
, . i jt r . . t .it Tfir r ri ( f-riifir i n in i . i -
many Kinuuesses uuniis our rereui , v-' - - ,U;urr in (mori-i in rrw-net-.ito w ith
bereavement owing to the death of ment and the flags were pre?en-e.l sixers in Amer a to co-cpente w 1111
Dereavenieni owing 10 uie ueawi . ,,,.,:. mpPtine in the citv nark them in this ("-heme, for it has been
our beloved husband and father, Dav id - at a puwic meeting in ine cny i.wk. T,.i..i, ,.r u, uruu s i.-r.roicrT,
vnthins is known as 10 wnetner anv
"The wom"n of
'her overseas
Great Britain and
dominions invite their
Thayer.
470
MRS. D. T. THAYER,
MR. AXD MRS. II. MA HER.
STANDS ON
HIS OWN FEET
t
RN
'troops will be sent here to ren'r.ce j Sailors Society to extend a helping
these two regiments. ihand to their sons and brothers in our
institutes uurng ine war. in me cast
or the "Tuscania." we received.
thro'.u''1 the American ambassador in
Lcndon, the wannest thanks of the
'government and army of the United
!t:tntoa fnr the histn rpTlftprprl
"The need for this Home Is great
now, bt't will be infinitely greater in
F the days to come. Our sailors come
S from a'! parts of the world, at al! hours
of the dav and niuht. of'en finding the j
-m i.oniy places avauaiue ior ineir acconi-
niodatien very unfVsiralile ones,
Jiwhcro temptaf ons assail them at ev-
l;ery print, and yet they are t ie men
who inve stood between us rnd the
fatJ of Belgium f.nd France, and other
nations.
; ' It will inrieed be a proud privilege
i f.-.r wr.;neri to feel that they Save been
?.ll;' ;o ere; this H'.me la stand as a
j Iniin'r nifmrrial of their gratitude
I Ij these rallant men. who for the sake
i n' th- wotren. tbf hemes and liberty
I of Ibrj world, have never counted the
i cost, but .have one end ail proved them
stives more than worthy of the proul
traditions of the past.
' ' "A large sum of money will be re-
j o.;;;rod, and the , mom we are able to
. "r, 1 ; cnliect, the more adennpte the Home
;.: "4 j 1 v,--'.l be for the needs of th men and
I.I
v. .
LITTLE BISBEE Gill
SELLS 0W?I FGEH
'AT..- .f-iu
SCHOLAR AT HORACE MANN
SCHOOL PUTS BEST EFFORT IN
TO RAISING FUND WHICH
AMOUNTS TO $27.5C. WHICH HAS
BEEN TURNED IN TO RED CROSS
- rr.
;' v,
;1
' ;.' i '..: i- . . , ... ' jj ' a patriotic poem she hai
:' J Ji , : Sj-X '""'-.';- jSy '- ' self, b?.;! jirinted herself
'hreZii.: . 1 i . '( her friends and ft
Sidney P. Osbom
Does Not Seek the Goverrorfhip of Arizona on tl:e
Demerits of Any Other Candidate
His Record Is On Straight
He has made good.
He has kept the faith.
He knows how.
Cfhorn Will Be Nominated Because He Is th? Best Man
for the Job. He Stands for Efficiency in Govern
ment Economy in Administration He Has
the Ability He' Has the Experience
WHY EXPERIMENT?
A little V.i sbee girl, aged thirteen
years, walked up to the president of
the Red Cross society here the other
day and handed her ?27.30 as her in
dividual donation for this great wcrlt.
It shows what a little girl can do It
she tries hard enough, with her heart
and soul in the work.
The girl is Aileen Ellis of theIIor
ace Mann junior high school, and she
. i raised the money by selling copies of
a patriotic poem she had written ber-
and sold her-
faniily helping
her in the sales wcrk. . Aileen's poem
which is entitled "Uncle Sam and the
W. S. S.." reads as follows:
There is a dear old pluckv man.
Whose pretty name is Tncle Sam.
Dense listen to his humble cry.
And you a liaby Bond will buy.
I .
i He Pas nn ohject m lus view,
I And that's to crush a Hun or two.
! While his boys are at the test,
; We at home must do our best.
' Now Unci" Sam to duty call,
i All his children great and small
T J,,-l,i Vii. tflWla tl.o otimn-ln liuto
Tj j ...... ....... .... iIUt.s ..,.,,0,
pj! I!y buying P.orrds and saving stamps.
Lets of bis boys have gone to France.
While we at home are saving stamps
Waiting for the Victorv's cry.
"The Stars and Stripes will never
die."
This little poem that I have written
I To help the itod Cross with their
knitting.
We'll hoist our flag n Rerlin high.
And crush the kaiser by and by.
Please, dear people, one and all.
Take heed unto your country's call.
Just do the very best you can.
To help this dear old plucky man.
4 , . V
L -T -rr--t
rrs-'.:-! .
rr.r
orki
7
w
ngmen
what
or America
did we promise
tj e ."5-1 rh
Just this: That every minute of
the day, every time they went into
a trench, every time they went
over the top, in a night patrol,
every time they swept forward to
smash a German trench,
every time they risked
themselves for the sake
of Liberty and America
that we'd be back of
them to the last ditch,
giving for them, work
ing for them, fighting
for them in our factor
ies to give them all the
"tools" they need to
lick the Kaiser.
President's Statement.
There is only one way
to make good on that
promise and that is for
every last one of us,
whether he runs a lathe
or runs a 10,000-man
plant, to put in every
minute of his working day where
it does the most good. Every
working minute lost or wasted
means less help for our men across
the sea.
And there are not just minutes
but whole days lost every time a
man changes his job. A man has
"Indus'? plays as es
sential an-.l honorable a
pMc in t'.ris re;it struggle
n.. Co our military arnia-
"Therefore, I solemnly
urffc all employers en
S'lgcd in war work to re
frain after AiiEfust 1st,
101S. from recmitirij -unskilled
labor in any man
ner except ti'.roult this
tentral agency. U. S.
JJiiiploymcnt Service. J
"'I r.rTe labor to respond
as loyally .is hereto tr re to
any c:i!!s "issued by this
agency for voluntary en!il
rr.ent in essential industry.
And I ask them both alike
to remember tint no sac
rifice will have been in
vain, if we are' able to
prove beyond all question
thnt the highest and best
form of efficiency is the
spontaneous co-cperatioti
of a free people."
Wodrow Wilson.
to be found to replace him. He
loses time in moving. He takes
time to catch on to the ways in
the niivv plant.
When a manufacturer needs
j ) more men, it is his duty
to tne country as a
whole not to disturb
plants that are engaged
in essential war work,
but to get the Govern
ment's help in finding
men who can be taken
from less important
work. This can be
done through the na
tional labor clearing
house that the Govern
ment has established
with 500 branch offices
and 20,000 agents of its
recruiting division, the
United States Public
Service Reserve. TJiere
is no charge and the
Service is now placing
250,000 skilled and unskilled men
monthly.
Let's keep ALL the essenalwar
work going at top speed. Tell
your labor needs to the local Ex-aminer-in-CHarge,
local agent of
the U. S. Public Service Reserve or
to the Director General at Washington.
situates
EtJilqynattiiE Service
U S.Ucpt of labor "imWilionS
This advtrtUfmtnt prepared for use
of the Department of Labor
f.V the TS-Asion of Advertising ef S
Cruwit'te on Public Information.
Contributed or the ll'inntnj of the fl'ar by
HYDE & STRACK
SOUTHERN ARIZONA AUTO GO.
LOWELL MOTOR COMPANY
LOHMAN & WRIGHT
OSBORN For GOVERNOR
(Frimary, Sept. 10) I
REVIEW
VNT ADS
RlTc-.U'.TS
RRIMG fOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, AUGUST 11, 1918.
PUBLISHED EVERY DAY EXCEPT 'MONDAY BY THE
STATE CONSOLIDATED FUBLISHING COMPANY.
CULLEN A. CAIN editor ana Gc.v.tl! Manarsr
Entered as Second Class Mail Matter at Eisbie, Arizona.
Under Act of March 8, 1879.
MEMBER ASSOCIATED FRESS
The associated Tress is exclusively entitWl to the use
for republication of all news dispatches credited to it or
not otherwise credited to this paper and also the local
news published herein.
All rights of republication of special dispatches herein
are also reserved. .
SUBSCRIPTION RATES, PAYABLE IN ADVANCE:
Per Month - -
Three Months "-
Six Months -.
Twelve Months - 7 JJ
Sunday (Our Weekly) per year 2.50
Sunday VOur Weekly) per Quarter -
No Subscription Taken for Less Than 75 Cents
Slowly but -surely Germany is awaken
ing to the faults and failures of her super
men and the courage and ability of her
exponents. Items are appearing now in
well known German papers that would
have been denounced as treason six months
age. Not only has tribute been paid to tne
fighting ability of the Americans by those
correspondents in a position to judge as
they witnessed the fighting and retreat
from the Marne, but a no less bitter paper
than the Frankfurter Zeitung says of Foch:
"In any case General Fcch is a good soldier
and his strategy has been crowned with suc
cess." Glimpses of the truth are being
shown the German public. They have
been fed and bolstered up with lies and
false prophecies and wild visions for four
years. They have been told that their
enemies were weak and incapable and cow
ardly and undone ; that the Americans were
weaklings; that Germany was winning
everywhere ad invincible. But Foch's
counterstroke cn the Marne knocked a lot
of foolishness out of the German bullet
head. The truth, long delayed, is coming
home to the Rhine cities and Berlin. .They
are up against it for fair, and the fact is
beginning to seep home. The Germans in
the battle line know that a half million
fighting American devils are lined up
against them, if the Germans behind the
battle lines do not. And the difference in
the scale of combat is most marked. It is
marked enough to make possible the stroke
on the Marne, the stroke in Picardy, the
stroke in Flanders. The Germans who
started the victorious peace drive in March
are now drawing back to shorten their line
and stave defeat off another year. The
American joke of a year ago has turned into
the American peril. And Germany is be
ginning to see through the smoke of the
junkers' camouflage and sense this peril.
Old General Pau, hero of the Franco
Prussian war, and a lion still with many
fierce blows against the Hun to his credit in
this war, has been in close touch with the
American troops in the different sectors
along the battle line, and he pays them this
high tribute: "We in France knew little of
Americans before your troops arrived, but
we are becoming "better acquainted every
day. Our experience before the war was
with but one clas3 of Americans and on
your side you knew but little of the France
outside of Paris. Today all is different.
Your troops from the west, the north,
south, and the east are giving us a better
idea than we ever had before of the varied
kind of Americans there are. On the other
hand, your troops are coming into contact
with our people in the provinces, and you
must know the people of the provinces are
the backbone of France. It will all lead to
a greater and better understanding and ap
preciation between the two nations. I was
much astonished -to see how quickly 3'our
troops picked up French. I was with them
in the early spring when they did not know
much of our language, and when I saw
them a few months later they spoke quite
well indeed. They are an adaptable body ,
of men and learn the lessons of war quickly.
We knew ihey were brave, brilliant and de
termined, but the way they picked up mod
ern methods was astounding." '
Bernard Barruch, chairman of the war
industries board, declares that the people
of the United States "must prepare for
deprivations. ' The next six months of the
war will b the hardest period of all. We
have builded our shipyards for ships and our
factories to make munitions and our can
tonments to house the drafted armies and
our railroads "and harbors in France. And
now we must strain every nerve for the
next half year period to place ships, men
and guns in commission for the great war.
I he result w ill not be fully apparent unt il
next spring. And until then, as Barruch
sayj, ve mu U suffer privations. Up to this
lime no man or woman in this country who
has been industrious and frugal has wanted
for anything. But from now under the new
war program, with everything giving way
to the wants of the army and the navy, we
must reef our sails and ride the gale clcsc
hr.uled. Automobiles and gas, cteel and
sugar, wood and fuel, clothing and shoes,
luxuries of ever' kind, must be curtailed, if
not given rjp entirely. Civilian require
ments of many, many kinds must give way
to the demands of our military establish
ment at home and abroad. The warning
has been sent out, plain and sharp. As
Barruch well says, "Every man's life is at
the call of the nation, and so must be every
man's property."
German pepers are alarmed, frankly
alarmed over the defeat of the crown prince
on the Marne, and they talk freely cf the
possibility of a retreat this year to the
Meuse. They have tasted American steel
cn the Ourcq and they know now that a
million of these Yanks will be available for
front line duty this j'ear, and so they talk
of backing up to Meuse. That means giv
ing up all of France and more than half of
Belgium. It is better than we hoped for
when Foch broke through at Hartennes.
And since then he has smashed the Amiens
salient without serious resistence. But the
critics talked of a German retirement to
the Meuse last year and then they lunged
forward to the Marne the next spring. But
this year it .is different. The apex of the
German power was passed in April; the
allies arc growing stronger at the rate of a
hundred thousand men a week.
"May my blood preserve Russia from
ruin," are the last words of the czar Nich
olas, reported as spoken before he faced
the firing squad of the bolshivik. Too
late! But the czar's brains and force of
character and good sense could have pre
served Russia if he had used them when he
was in power. And the war would have
been ended this year with Germany beaten
to her knees and the lives of more than a
million men and money to the amount of
many, mrr.y billions saved the allied world.
And yet one has only pity, and not con
demnation for this poor weak vessel of
Russian czardom. But we have an abiding
hatred for the miserable traitors who took
his life in the cadly miscalled name of
patriotism.
They do say that during the heat wave
that spread from the central west to the
Atlantic seaboard the past week that apples
cooked on the tree3 in Virginia where the
thermometer went to 1 20 in the sun. There
were sixteen deaths in New York City from
heat prostrations. Philadelphia reported
1 06, Washington 104, Detroit 100, St.
Louis 102, Kansas City 105, Concordia,
Kansas, 115. Scorching weather; hard on
the constitution.' And none of those poor
folks cp yonder who swelter and frizzle
and fry will ever believe that it is cool and
pleasant down here in Bisbee in the desert
where clouds and cool breezes and showers
temper the heat in this mountain valley to
a delightful moderation.
Significant indeed are the returns from
the Kama3 primary election held last Tues
day. Henry Allen, republican candidate
for governor, was nominated by 40,000
plurality over two strong opponents, and
Allen is in France on Red Cross work and
did not make a speech or write a letter or
spend a dollar in the campaign. Charlie
Travis," candidate for a state office, was
nominated by a large majority. Travis is
an officer in the Rainbow division in
France. Those boys fighting in France,
they will be the winners hands down in the
political campaigns yet to come. The day
of the professional politician is on the wane
and his sun will set with the end of the
war.
Five of New York's largest hotels and
two of its most famous restaurants were
hauled before the federal food board the
other day and severely penalized for hoard
ing sugar in violation of the rules of the
government. One of the restaurants was
closed for two days, and of the hotels, the
McAlpin, the Plaza and the St. Regis were
required to contribute $10,000 to the Red
Cross or close their doors. They contrib
uted the money.
French officers from the front arc en
thusiastic in their praise of the negro troops
in the American army. They fought like
fiends along the Marne and in bayonet
work outclassed the Prussian picked regi
ments. "Send us more of these troops,"
is the call of the fighting French officers.
Well, there are about 100,0G0 of them on
the way.
Poet's Comer
I W. II. HropUy. now in France, sent
in a recent mr.il, among ether things
:to the Phclpn Dcdge store in Bisbee.
,s copy of the Knlg.'its of Columbus
jrulletin, issued by t'.ie soldiers in
'camp. Ia this issue was a poem which
j is "so rich with humor and sarcasm
and so cleverly written that it is re-
prouueeu ucicwiu:
THE HERO'S CENSOR
When Mrs. Malone got a letter from
Pat
She started to read it out loud in
her flat,
"Dear Mary," it started. "I can't tel!
ye much',
I'm somewhere in France and I'm
fighting the Dutch
I'm chokin' wid news that I'd like to
relate.
But it's little a soldier's permitted
to state;
Do ye mind Dad McPhee well, he fell
in a ditch.
And busted an arm, but I can't tell
you which.
"And Taddy 0'Hara(wa3 caught in a
fiamc.
An' rescued by faith, I can't tell
you his name.
Last night I woke up wid a terrible
pain,
I thought for a while it would drive
mo insane.
I'm sorry, my dear, but I can't tell ye
where;
The doctor he gave me a pill, but t
find . ,
I'ts contrary to rnles t' disclose here
the kind.
"I've been f the dintist au' had a
tooth out.
"I'm sorry to leave you so shrouded
in doubt;
But the best I can say is that one
tooth is gone.
The censor won't let' me Inform you
which one. ' .
I met a young fellow who knows ye
right well.
An' ye know him, too, but his name
I can't tell;
He's Irish, red-headed, an' there with
the blarney,
Hid fclks once knew your folks
back home in Killarney.
"By gorry," said Mrs. Malone in her
flat.
It's hard to make sinso out av writ
in' like that;
But I'll give him a's good as he sinds.
Liiat I will.
So she went right to work with her
ink-well and quill
An' wrote, 'I suppose ye're dead eag
er for news, .
Yt u know when ye left wc were buy
ins; the shoes;
Well, the baby has come, an' we're
both doin' well,
It's a Oh, but that's soniethin' .they
wen't let me tell."
MggSm
Ej By Gill en A . GSSnt
FRIENDS IN FRANCE
The newspaper man's mail from
France is assuming proportions. The
other day a letter came from Dr. Jim,
who is over there, that is worth a
dace in this, or any other column. Dr
Jim has appeared in this column be-1
fore and will again, please God. He
is an old friend who wrote to this
lonely newspaper man from gay New
York just before he sailed. Well, the
answer to that letter did not reach the
little doctor until he was squatted in
his own dugout somewhere in the war
zone. He read it to his mess, he said, i
but a mumbled and broken word. But
our hearts down here and our thoughts
'go out to you from the desert sand to
the blue-grass bloom. It is only a lit
; tie way frcm Afternoon Land to the
Sunset. Listen ! Can yru not iiear?
! Memory, she of the sad, sweet face,
;sits by yo-jr side and sings the songs
iof yesterday. And tomorrow; maybe
the day after, we. too, will see the
whiter lilies in that land beyond
France, and the red gleam of the pop-
pies that is so terrible now w ill soften
jto the beautiful shade of a great sac
road today on his back. He was so j
gay and fine, this big man. and lle CDAMI0U PflMPCDT 10
swore so dreadfully when the orders 01 Altloll U U il U L ft I IU
came lor nis regiment to siop oo us i
way to the front lines. But he smiled
at me and talked, oh, so gentle, when
he stood at our gate."
The last letter; ah, the saddest for
the end. It told cf the deathof a boy
that once lived neighbor to the news
paper man back in Kansas. He was
only nineteen, this boy, and he was
one cf the first to go and the first to
fall. The newspaper man wrote to his
mother yesterday as follows:
MUCH ENJOYED
BY AUDIENCE
and i'te newspaper man's request for - - - ., dcath ,n
regularly once a month for the meat- o. ,v j..
,, . . j v v i 'scmbre tidings. Snice then not a nay
co lieutenant and his huskies of that , , t.
tepether of him and of you.
CLEVER OFFERINGS OF PUPILS
OF HORACE MANN JUNIOR
HIGH SCHOOL PLEASE LARGE
NUMBER OF PARENTS AND
FRIENDS GATHERED TO SEE IT
'from sending you word of our thought
mess.
Well, the doctor rambled on in hi
eTanrt. came, modest letter. and
among other things of which he wrote ian:''
was an old French chateau far back of;
Lilt; lilies. lie njuc uiri I m i r at i ii - . .1... vi
close of a summer day and found Eng. , " - - p;, e M
lish Tommies camped all about its We
grounds and -beyond its grey walls. ! 1 , 8n(J
They had a very flne bano hose Eng-, , 0m.
l.shmen and that night when the oon h,m
shone down upon magic France , this Time and distance intervene be
band played the en ire score of the . op-, U3 w never meet in
era. "Babes in Toyland for the Tom-j face But down here m ,he
mies and the poilu and the doughboys dpgert household that mourned
round about. The Utile doctor was ev-, f gon He d,ed jn
idently moved deeply by the music and Krance and for France as a miuion
the moonlight and the broken pillars , fcrif;ht brave beju.itul boys nave d;pd
The entertainment given last night
at the high school auditorium by the
! nnnila r,f tha ItnrAfA Vnnn Jnninr tiieh
Nothing we can write here will help s,.nool larKeiy attended and much
we know rull well, and alas, ho.v I enioved
vain it Is to try. But we cannot he p Th daacjnE anj ginglne in which
and scarred walls of tiiat old chateau.
before for that wonderful land.
the children took part show the train
ing given them by Miss aBrthHt, the
Spanish teacher, who was assisted by
Miss McCoy in directing the affair.
The program of the evening was:
"1. La Muneca Wren Finity, Lissie
Lee Win stead.
2. Spanish Dance Bertha Ojeda,
Mary Shea.
3. Me Gustan Todos John Wil
liams 4. Farce Rkhlrd Ojeda, Valdemar
Vidal, Bertha Ojeda.
(La Senorita Angelita promises her
Rprvant a two weeks' vacation if he
standing out ghostly and gray against ; great death to d,e but poor compen. get of Sencr Seco who persists
tne BKynne, a master memory ci me gation for a fat.'er and a mother who. in calling. The servant succeeds.)
old glory days of beautiful France. I sJt a,one in Kansas Land . 5. selection Carmea Arauelo.
"Babes in Toyland!" Yes. these i And Btin they EC In an unendlns S Josie Arbayo.
grim veterans of the Great War, gath-!gtrPa:n over yonder, bovs of everv j 6. Spanish Dance "La Paloma."
cred rank upon rank clrie ahont the ; c,na, and detree, philosopher, poet. Altce Smith.
musicians sitting cn the lawn o. that ipreacher , pedacosne. printer .painter,. 7. "Rojo,. Blanco y Azul." All
old. old chateau, may havo been babes anJ aH and they are plainliff4 in the I Spanish Class.
just ior mai n.gni m uie n;aS,i; great suit the world has brought
I against the kaiser. They will have the
' i 1 i -j. ; i . v. i ,.
music in their ears ana tne memory' . ,H , .,, th. pnjPH
of home before their dimming eyes and .ne Terdict brought ,n j
What a stage setting for this opera! DuTin the pa9t two wejs I have
And what players upon th's .stage. had f(ve ,ettera from friends in France
Iiabos indeed, and the old chateau and all were wrlUpn. in a Kay R.a(li
might well have stood for Toyland , ame strain Heavens .'low thejr mov-
wun us migmy arcnes ana wans ie..ed For a my life lonB , nave ,
mil mo nexi nay mese ilnvprl Frnnrp fln(1 rpad . hpP ., an,,
triumphs and hcrces. I have adopted
THE IMAGINARY FOE
The Kaiser and Von Ludendorff
Were rushing toward the rear.
Three hundred thousand yelling Yanks
Had filled their skins with fear;
And that is strange, because you know.
There were no Yankees near.
"They can't be Yanks," said Luden
dorff, "Ycu've said yourself, you know.
They couldn't get those Yankees here
Inside a year or so."
"Step on the gas," the Kaiser said,
"We're going much too Blow."
"In your last speech," said Ludendorff
"Ycu said they'd not succeed
In coming over here, because
The U-boats had 'cm treed."
"It seems to me," the Kaiser said.
"This car should show more speed."
"Next time we fight,'' said Ludendorff,
"We'll treat 'em mighty rough;
Pretending to be over here
Is only Yankee bluff."
"The pace we've set," the Kaiser saidrf
"Is not half fast enough."
"Of course, I know," said Ludeudorff,
"Our plans have been upset.
But there are not a dozen Yanks
Along the Marne, I'll bet."
"If that is so," the Kaiser said.
That's more as plenty yet!"
James J. Montague.
centuries old
babes were fated to be Men full grown
in a night and t.hrust into the m'dsf
of Eattleland. Their toys were to be
machine guns and bayonets and
bombs.
a little French orphan at Belfort and
he sent his picture to me along with
ja dear letter: They will never forget j
that marched
turrets and i
tut nr.-Jimmy always am nave aifrom . stran i.nd
strain of sentiment in h's pallant I ,hrnh thpir vma!rp
Scotch heart, and so he raved about !laugned and gwore and aang and wrnt
me oiu tnaieau aim me scure ui u.ni. , furtJler on to tne battle line to die
VV i I I buy any
Usue, any amount
Liberty bonds
at highest market prices.
General stock and bond
business transacted. (List
ed or unlisted).
A. U JAMESON
35 Security Bldg, Los Angeles
(Member L. A. Stcek Exchange)
opera and the: e:iects of tna moon
beams and that is why this newspaper
man loves him so well:
An another letter came from France
to t.'ie newspaper man, this one from
a Missouri boy who used to drive an
automobile back home, but who ha?
been driving a tank for two years past
in Inlanders. This newspaper man
had not hoard from him since he went
to war. What moved him to write
from the battlefield to- an old friend
so far away? Who can say? Is he
the qultk or the dead today? That
letter was dated and penned more
than a month ago, and much water has
run red under the French bridges
since then. Here's hoping that the
nervy American chauffeur is still driv
ing his tank against the Hun in Flan
ders. He has been gassed once, and ;
wounded once, so he ought to be inv I
mune from the deadly germs cf battle.
France is rich in legend of men w ho '
fought and died greatly, but the tales ;
of the Americans will be told a con-;
tury hence as often as any other
French tale. i
You are as great and brave a mother
as I have ever known, and you will
need It all now to carry you thronih. ,
Your boy went to France where the :
lilies white and the poppies red do
bloom, and then he went on from
France to seek a hiter white than
the lilies, leaving a redder gleam in
the poppy field behind. Ah. It is tie
glory gleam, and it lights his memory
In the old home town.
What can I say? Nothing at all j
Richard Glaze, Oph. D.N.D.
Practice Limited to Eye and Nerve
Disorder.
Phone 159. Office and residence
first house west of Masonic Temple,
Mam Street, Bisbee, Arirona.
Classes f itte4 by the latest method.
HENNESSY
Undertaking Parlors
PHONE IS. OK ST.
THE BLACK FACE DOUGHBOY
Inspired by the heroic work of negro
troops. Uncle John, the Excclsoir
Springs, Mo., poet writes:
Ol' Glory shine wha' de black hawk
glisten,
Debbie runniii' loose in No Man's
Lan';
Ol' tukkey buzza'd, he sail aroun' an'
listen,
Debbie runnin' loose in No Man's
Lan';
Trouble come a-runuin' when de bull
bat cryin'
Hell on or rampage when de stah shell
flyin'
Dam Bush-Gcahman in de ba'b fence
dyin'
Mighty hot place in-a No Man's Lan'.
Ol' Gen'l Pershin' he gittin' mighty
sassy
Debbie runnin' loose in No Man's
Lan';
Ol' Gen'l Fosh, go marching mighty
classy
Debbie runnin' loose in No Man's
Lan';
Black face doughboy, easy on de trigger-Black
face sa'gent he strut a littlo
bigger
Dam Bush-Ceahmun bettah shy aroun'
de nigger
Mighty hot place in a No Man's Lan'.
Blood a-gwino ter spill when de roan
mule whinny
Di'bble runnin' loose in No Man-s
Heah dal kIio.11 whine (loan to ol"
Va'ginny
Di'hhle runnin' loose in No Man's
Lan";
Big gun boom -an' de airplane a hum
mi n'
Hell hunt loose when de grass hum
hum-mlii'
Hi. ltush-Gealiinun, wo sholy is a-com-
in'
Mighty hot place in-a No Mau'4
Lan'.
And still another letter came to the
newspaper man from France, this one
from a lieutenant in a machine gun
company. Before he was a lieutenant
he was a half back on the University
of Pennsylvania football team. He
still has the gay heart of a college boy
and his chief worry is that his gun
company will be wiped out by a big
shell before catching a German bat
talion under fire.
: i
Another letter is from Dempster
i Murphy, a former Review reporter. He
lis in the American tank corps and !s
ion his way to France. Young Murpny
is a philosopher and pwt as well as
'a soldier. In his letter he dedicated
the following bit of verse to the Brit
isher: When your time comes and yen must
walk between
The dull, unpolished doors of Dt-st!Ay
And sit at cheating games with cheat
ing men.
And los-e soldier, you do it sportively!
Spent is no passing thought upon Its
wealth
AU coined in golden years, nor on its
weight.
Whether a bojish score or twice the
sum.
You swing your purse with careless
insolence
And toss it lightly at the feet of Death
The Banker.
As he stoops you rise to go
And steady-handed take the graven
cup
"For king and country!" Ard you
lift it high
And. though the ta.stc i.s bitter,' drain
it deep.
Then, smiling, you pa.s out into the
I ni;ht
I And you havo done.
I "For king and country?" aye,
'For king and cour'ry. Trmmie, and
j for God.
j A Iro:ii h orphan also writi a to tell
:how the Frenrii people feci about t'ie
j American soldiers now camped in tiie
villages and along the highways
lean to tue f reni n natue lines
hat
It is
a sitth, a prayer and a psalm. t!ii let
ter, lruiu t ins little ! in Helturt
wliose Muall he:nt i.s alium-t Imrstina
i'h pride and joy oxer the "lug Am
erican soldier bovs." He said that
"oue of theui cained me along the
nwlm
Three-Room House
$275
THE
jl
is a ready cut house, ready cut in
every detail of construction, no
tools required to erect, no experi
ence necessary; all you need is a
ha.nmer. Shipped anywhere for
$275.00. Complete working plans
furnished with each house.
For Further Particulars Address
THE PHOENICIA
7th Ave.' and Adams St Phoenix, Ariz.
PAUL M. STEINCE
Build
cr
1 THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, AUGUST 11, 1918.
FIVE
Baseball Scores
NATIONAL LEAGUE
Chicago
New York . .
Pittsburgh .
Philadelphia
Brooklyn . . .
Cincinnati .
Boston
St. Louis . . .
W. L. Vet.
66 35 .635
61 43 .5!7
55 45 .ooO
45 56 .446
46 55
'. the plate, and in the second tinlt hi.?
j; third hit drove in New York's win
s' aicg run.
Ii First game: R. H. E.
i Boston 000 000 0011 8 1
I New York 000 010 0012 11 1
Rudolph and Wilson; Tony and Mc
carty.
game after he had attempted to strike
Umpire Moran.
First game: R. H. E.
Philadelphia 000 000 000 0 2 0
Brooklyn 000 200 02x 4 7 4
Oeschger and Adams; Grimes anc
M. Wheat.
..47 53
.455
.470
.46 57 .446
.42 64 .396
Second game: R. IT. E.
Boston 000 000 00339 0
iNew York 000 300 001 4 8 1
Nehf, Regan and Henry, Wilson;
Perritt and Rariden.
REDS WIN GAME
CINCINNATI, Aug. 10 Cincinnati
defeated St. Loots in a hard' hitting
and ragged game.
R. H. E.
St. Louis 200 020 4008 8. 1
Cincinnati . .000 120 3219 17 2
Ames, Meadows and Gonzales; .King,
Elier and Wingo.
GIANTS WIN TWICE
(By Review Leased Wirv,i
NEW YORK, Aug. 10. New Y'ork
defeated Boston in a double header.
Compton's work featured New Y'ork's
playing in the first game. After Bos
ton tied the score in the ninth inning.
Compton threw out anotiier runner at
Second game: R. H. E.
(Philadelphia. 000 300 0003 4 3
Brooklyn 200 000 0002 7 i
Prendergast and Adams; Coombs
and Miller.
RAIN STOPS TIE '
PITTSBURG, Aug. 10 Rain stepped
I with th firt visitine batsman ud in
' the eleventh with the score a tie. The
Becond game was called oil.
R. II. E.
Chicago Ill 000 000 03 8 u
Pittsburg 000 002 001 03 8 1
(Called, rain.)
Tyier, Carter and Killifer; Cooper
and Schmidt, Shaw.
DIVIDE DOUBLE HEADER
BROOKLYN. Aug. 10 Brooklyn and
Philadelphia divided a double header.
Williams" double in the fourth looked
like a foul and the home players pro
tested. O'Mara was put out of the
AIM.
CI I have recently sold two 35x4'2 GATES HALF
irZLE TIRES that ran from Bisbee to Denver and re
turn on Bisbee air. Think of the satisfaction of making
a trip to Denver and return without a puncture; no tire
trouble of any kind; 2200 miles with part of the roads
a fright. And the GATES HALF-SOLES do not show
much wear.
CJ Another local man, E. O. Boughter, says: "I have
ran my GATES HALF-SOLE TIRES over five months
without a single puncture. Have ran this pair at least
8000 miles over the roughest kind of roads and I tell
all that they are the best I have seen."
The Lowell Motor Company guarantees satisfaction
on GATES HALF-SOLE TIRES and GATES QUAL
ITY TUBES. No better tube at any price and the price
is no more than other first class tubes.
CJ My business has increased on HALF-SOLES for two
years, showing a steady increase from month to month.
This shows they must be .the right thing.
J. O. MAIN, Proprietor
I
L
MO
(WELL
TOR CO.
BISBEE, ARIZONA
AMERICAN LEAGUE
W. L. Pet.
Boston 64 43 .508
Cleveland 60 46 .5ii5
Washington 57 47 .5 IS
New York 48 54 .471
St. Louis 48 45 .471
Chicago 51 52 .495
Philadelphia 42 62 .404
Detroit 45 58 .437
WHITE SOX WIN
rRv Krvlew Leased Wire).
CLEVELAND, O., Aug. 10. Chicago
bunched seven cT its fifteen hits in
the last two innings .and defeated
ClevelanJ In the opening game of tne
series.
Quinn, late of the coast league, held
Cleveland to five hits. John Collins
tripled in the ninth with the bases
filled.
Innings
Chicago
Cleveland
Quinn and
O'Neill.
R. H. E.
..001 000 0146 15 0
..010 000 0012 5 1
Schlakr Bagby and
YANKS WIN TWICE
BOSTON. Aug. 10 New. York took
both games from Boston, Hyatt made
a home run in .the second inning of
the second game.
First game R. H. E.
New York 100 000 000 4 5 12 0
Boston 000 100 000 0 1 9 0
Mogridge and Walters; Bush and Ag
oew, Mayer.
Second game R. H. E.
New York 010 002 0014 8 2
Eoston 000 000 0101 7 0
Caldwell and Walters; Mays and
Schang.
TOBIN'S MUFF COSTLY
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 10. Tobin's mutt
if Cobb's fly after two were out in
the third inning permitted Detroit lo
beat St. Louis.
Innings R. H. E.
St. Lruis 000 000 0101 8 3
Cunningham and Stanage; Rogers
and Severeid.
SPLIT DOUBLE HEADER
PHILADELPHIA. Aug. 10. Wash
ington won the first game and the
Athletics took the second.
First game H. H. E.
Washington 010 000 0001 6 2
Philadelphia 000 000 000 0 7 0
Johmofi and Ainsmith; Watson and
Mcvoy.
Second game R- H. E.
Washington 000 010 0012 5 0
Philadelphia 000 000 102 3 9 2
Harper, Ayers and Ainsmith; Perry
and McAvoy.
FEELING BAD MEANS
GOOD DAY FOR
CURLEY
C. & A. HEAVER HAS DONE HIS
BEST PLAYING ON DAYS WHEN
HE HAD WORKED HARD OR WAS
FEELING SICK; TOUGH GAME
EXPECTED THIS AFTERNOON
If Curiey, the C. & A. pitthcr, coilrl
only put in a shift this morning on the
1300 level he would feel confident
that he would trim the Junctions in
both games this afternoon. The best
games he has pitched this season have
been on days when he was either all
tired out when he started or else was
feeling half-sick. Many a time when
he felt that ho had everything and
his spitter was breaking just right
when he warmed up he went in and
was knocked all over the lot. Last
Sunday he was buzzing them by the
Junction batters and was in a fair
way to whitewash them and that was
after he had put in a good eight hours
on his Leyner at the Cole and was
good and tired.
Oswalt will fling In the first game
for the Junctions and Captain Pitt
man may stick him in there in the
second geme of the double header, as
Oswalt is something of an "iron man"
himself. The first game will begin nt
1:30 and the second game fifteen min
utes after the end of the first.
Leing one of the very best of the re-,
cent Paramount productions shown ;it
that theater in that it was directed tjy i
Victor Schertzinper nr. ler the personal !
supervision of Thomas 11. luce hi:"' li.
and was written by Juik-n Josephsin,
:ho vcil-known short story writer. ,
Kay has co;:iu to be known as the
"typical American boy," and is at hi '
rest in pict-rer. that p;e mm rules
of that sort; but in '"Tne Hiivri .Man' ,
he proved his unusual aaaptabllity.
and has portr.iytd a rouh, Humewhai ,
untourt sort of youth, who. thro'i-iri
his own fi'forts and untiring amlii-l
tion to educate himself, ri.-;es to un- j
expected heights.
COLLEGES DECIOE TO
ELIMINATE FOOTCALL GAME i
r.y n iow i.t ast.i wur,
r(Ti)X, .Mr-. 10. An indication
'. at i.!.':i iv'lte have dei idfd to
eliminate football tliia fu.il aa tuvjn
i- st .it .Tin nt issu cl h"re today by
(,'iiar r R. Cox. graduate manager t
alii!' -lie? of Ceorretown university,
V.'aniir-Tion. Colleges li.vl have caiv
cc'li :! are. ticorietown, rnrdham uni-
-i.y. Carii ! Indian school, Virginia
P.lyi:inic Institute, and Mechanical
fctUgi, Krilei-;h. N. ('..Randolph an 1
Mr-con rol'i'''.', Richmond co'leae, uni-
ersit v rf Detroit.
TIRE SPECIALIST TO
HANDLE RETREADING
iiyue &. Strack, tha tire experts of
Johnson audition, announced yester
day afternoon they had secured the
services of G. P. Kirkland, who former
ly rn.d charge of the repair department
of the Fink Tire company in El Paso.
Kirkland is an experienced vulcan-
; izer and he will have complete charg"?
oi ail retreading and vulcanizing work
for Hyde & Strack. With new equip-
1 tner.t and Kirkland hundreds of miles
are buiit into worn out tires at low
j prices.
Kl-Y GIRLS' CARNIVAL
DANCE COMPLETE
SUCCESS
PACKED HOUSE AT HIGH SCHOOL
NETS TIDY SUM FOR RED CROSS
AND ALL ENJOY PLEASANT
FUNCTION PREPARED BY
YOUNG WOMEN OF DISTRICT
Y PLUNGE WILL BE
CLOSED DOWN
FOR MONTH
EXTENSIVE IMPROVEMENTS AND
ALTERATIONS PLANNED BY AS
SOCIATION WILL MAKE POOL
ONE OF WHICH ALL MEMBERS
WELL MAY BE PROUD
A SERIES OF
LIJTLE TALKS ABOUT
YOUR
(!&)
WE'VE remarked before that more
"fool" accessories are made for
Fords than for all other cars put
together. If you bought a quarter of
them you would have your Ford dressed
up like a circus horse.
Because there ARE so many useless
accessories, it's a mighty good plan to con
sult the Authorized Ford dealer on the
subject.
Wnen you buy accessories of the
Authorized Ford dealer it is good business
on his part to sell you only those that are
realiy worth while.
Certainly he isn't going to hurt the
good reputation of Ford cars by selling
you a lot of stuff that won't work satis
factorily. I le accepts responsibility not
only for the car itseli but for the extra3
he sells you.
Hood & Bledsoe
Phone 6CG
Bubee
Announcement is made by Sec. E. a.
Putnam of the Y. M. C. A. that the as
sociation's plunge will be closed for a
month, during which time extensive
repairs will be made to the swimming
tank. When the work Is completed
the plunge will be the finest in the
state.
Many members of the association
have been making frequent use of tha
plunge during the summer and in ad
dition to those who take a swim in
stead of a shower the Y has been cun
ducting swimming classes both for
men and boys which have proved very
popular.
"No expense will be spared in mak
ing the plunge up to date and a swim
ming tank of which the Y members
may well feel proud," declared Secre
tary' Putnam.
Sieel lathing, cement and a fresh
coat of paint will help to give we
plunge when completed a dressy ap
pearance and so improved will it be
that the members will be more than
repaid for the hardship which they
will undergo through missing their
swiaig during the time required to ren
ovate the swimming tank.
Despite the loss of hundreds of
members who have enlisted and ueei;
dratted the Y proudly points to it
large membership, which exceeds that
of the El Paso association, and wlta a
Y that is bigger and better in every
wav promised Secretary Putnam is
confident that the fine membership
records borne by the local association
will be upheld during the coming
year.
WORLD'S RECORD TIME
NEW YORK, AUS. 10. William L.
Wallen. of the Great Lakes naval train
ing station, made the world s record
time of 11 minutes and 27 1-5 seconds
in tlie SSO yard swim in defending his
national title today at the Pclham Bay
naval station. Lieut. I Lans-rr of Los
Angeles and Camp (ioi Ion. who made
the former record of one fifth of a
second slower, finished a scant yard
behind Wallen.
A packed house at the high school
auditorium Friday night netted a tidy
turn for the Red Cross when the Hi-Y
girls gave a Very dolightful carnival
dance. The girls showed themselvea
to be r.plendid hostesses and enter
tainers of a high order. .
Tlie main attraction of the evening
was a iance in which about eighty
couples of all ages participated.
Throughout the evening features were
interi'porcr d in the program. Miss
Lenore Ailcn sang for the assembled
young fo'ks and her delightful voice
was highly appreciated. One of the
;t ain attractions was the Hula Huia
iaiu e in which five of the high school
girls proved conclusively that "They
were wearing them h!?rher in Hawaii."
Their act was very good and the ap
plause of the audience brought back
th two principals for a second time.
Miss Grace Southard and Madeline
Mieyr did most of the. dancing, but
were ably' assisted by Catherine Win
stead, Amie Rourke, and Mildred Rob
inson in the sinking numbers. Miss
Blanche Scott gave a very pleasing
interpretation of the "Arizona An
guish" and so graceful and carefree
were her sinuous motions that one
might have imagined oneself in the
:harera of the Sultan of Nepal, or per
chance, that one had broken in on the
Do'ly sisters in the midst of an Ori
ental rehearsal.
The humanophone was a very hum
orous part of the program in which
a line of girls with their backs to
the audience represnted a human
xylophone or some such thing. When
the director pulled the braids of each
one a different and melodious note was
forthcoming. The catastrophe came,
however, when one braid came loose
and frightened all of the humanophon
ers off the stage.
The committees in charge certain
ly did their work well if having a
good time is any criterion of their
abilities, for this cub reporter surely
enjoyed itself. The booths were pre
sided over by "Miss Alice Wilson and
her assistants. Misses Marie Bartle't
a:id Krna Spaulding. They served
dainty ices and the old original 'pop' to
refresh the revelers. ;
Miss Blanche Scott had charge of
the program committee and was as
sisted bv Miss MeCurdy of the Y. W.
Visses Margaret. Soaley and Marie
Hur but werr the advertisers "or th"?
affair and they made it known from
cn? end of the to-vn to the other.
Leave it to a girl to spread things.
The patronesses of the carnival
were Mesdames Henry Poppen, George
Mieyr. Charles Hunt, and P. TV Wilson.
They saw to it that the young ladies
had all thP advice and material as
sistance necessary and were very
valuable members of the staff. A great
deal of credit is due to Miss MeCurdy
for her aid in assisting the girls to
make the affair a success. Mrs. Doug
las, the supervisor o.' music accompan
ied Miss Allen on the piano.
About $75 whs cleared for the Red
Cross and the mirth of the assemblage
was at p. hi.h pitch until a late hour.
CHARLES RAY AT EAGLE
Tl:e foature at the Kasle theater t i
d;iy possrsss tht. double attraction of
starring popular Charles Kay, and of
Ugly, Unsightly Pimples
Are Signals of Bad Blood
Give Keed to the Warninpr.
Pimples on the face and other
i parts of the body are warninps from
I Nature that your tlood is sluggish
and impoverished. Sor.ietimes they
1 foretell eczema, boils, blisters, scaly
I eruptions and other skin disorders
i that burn like flames of fire.
! They mean that your blood needs
' S. S. S. to purify it and cleanse it of
1 these imptire accumulations that can
! cause unlimited trouble. This remedy
is the greatest vegetable blood puri
fier Itnnvn. nnrl contains nonincra!.l
or chemicals to injure the most deli
cate tkiru
Go to your elmirstore, and pet n
bottle of S. S. S. today, and pet rid
of those unsightly and disfiguring
pimples, and other skin irritations.
And it will cleanse yourh!ood thor
oughly. It' you wish special rnHicnl
advice, you can obtain it v.-ithou'.
charg-e by writinc to Sledical Direc
tor, Swift Laboratory, Atlanta,
Georgia.
How About Your
TIRES?
-A-
n
a
ARE YOU HAVING
TROUBLE WITH YOUR
TIRES?
WE EMPLOY AN EX
PERT IN THIS LINE
OF WORK
WE REBUILD
WE RETREAD
In the Most Up-to-Date Shop
in Southern Arizona. The
Best Materials and Workman
ship. Ering in Your Old Tires,
HYDE & STRACK
Experts in Tireology
Jchnson Addition
PHONE
859
Lakwiiaiuu. ,t ii-iini'i' tm --nnt- utrn -- ir- k . an - - my - ..." a"
4 . i : .
. n mm. ' , iijuwwuH-U wi.u I mi ih.iiihi In M . ,. WM "n mm in, i
WIM
UL i J I
rfn
( v. I
Need a . Newi Battery ?
The Willard trademark branded into the side of the battery tells
the whole story. For that mark is the sign of the Still Better
Willard with Threaded Rubber Insulation.
V
It is the outward and visible sign of the most important storage
battery improvement in years. '
It stands for durable, Threaded Rubber Insulatioif-for a battery,
xn which the need of re-insulating is indefinitely postponed.
Next time you're in, ask us for the booklet "A Mark with a
Meaning fo. . n" it tells exactly what the Willard Llark stands
for.
LOHMAN & WRIGHT
Central Theatre Building
Lowell
. We test; repair and r?'
charge storage batteries;
.and always carry a full
supply of battery parts,
new batteries and rental
batteries. Testing service
is free.
111
a
Warren Park TODAY
3 ALL
Starting 1:30
DOUBLE
17 t r !
C:Rt A
Mrct Ganc-CURLEY and OSWALT Pitching
Second Game CUilLEY TCNER Pilchin2
- - - - FOUR BITS
ADMISSION
1 SIX
THE EISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, AUGUST 11, 191S.
PRESIDENT IN
LETTER PUNS"
SEN. VARDEMAN
(Rr Review Leaped Wire)
JACKSON, Miss., Aug. 10. Presi
dent Wilson, through a letter to Myron
McNeil, an attorney or Hazelhurs',
Miss., has declared that should the
voters of Mississippi re-elect Senator
James K. Vardaman to the .United
States senate he-would regard "their
action as a condemnation of my ad
ministration" as Senator Vardaman
"has been conspicuous among the
democrats in the senate for his oppo
sition to the administration. The
president's letter follows:
"Replying to your letter of the 23d
of July let me say that it is always
with the utmost hesitation that I ven
ture to express an opinion about can
didates for election, either to the sen
ate or to the house, because I feel that
it is not from any point of view mv
privilege to suggest to the voters of a
state what their action shall be.
"But upon questions of fact, I am
at liberty to speak. You call my at
tention to certain statements made on
behalf of Senator Vardaman, in which
an effort is made to create the impres
sion that I would not regard the return
of Senator Vardaman to the senate t-s
a verdict against the present adminis
tration.
"Such statements are calculated to
put a very false face upon Senator
Vardaman's candidacy. Senator Var
daman has beea conspicuous among
democrats in the senate for his opposi
tion to the administration. If the vot
ers of Mississippi should again choose
him to represent them, I not only
have no right to object; I would have
no right in any way to criticise them.
But I should be obliged to accept their
action as a condemnation of my admin
istration, and it is only right that they
should know this before they act."
have been cultivating inside their line
' and which now are ready to harvest.
Many more prisoners have been lak
' en during the operations of the iat't
i twenty-four hours, among them troops
I from at least four new divisions that
, were hurled in north of the Somme.
' Apparently the enemy has rushed in
, new troops from wherever they could
be obtained for among the prisoners
; are some from reserve battalions of
divisions located far to the north. This
would indicate that considerable con
fusion prevails among Crown Prince
; Ruppreeht's foices as a result of the
'unexpected allied assaults and their
continued success.
GERMAN WOUNDED NUMEROUS
WITH THE BRITISH ARMY IN
FRANCE, Aug. 10, (Reuters, Offen
sive.) The present battle ha.;
brought more German wounded to the
allied casualty clearing stations than
there are wounded among the allied
soldiers. Many German doctors and
hospital attendants have been captur
ed and they are doing good service in
attending the wounded.
Since July 18 the Germans have lost
almost as much material as they. cap
tured in their big offensive earlier in
the year.
FIGHT DETAILS
AGAIN PROVE
YANKS BRAVE
(Continued from Page On)
reached the smoke line just as it lift
ed. There they found themselves at
grips with the enemy.
Meanwhile certain American units
iad reached positions in front of a
wood when the Germans opened firs
with machine guns. Many of these en
emy machine gunners came up from
deep dugouts after the American bar
rage had ceased and they placed their
guns in prepared pits. The Americans
faced a hail of bullets here.
The Germans continued to fire until
the Americans and English put theat
out oi action.
North of the Somme and also south
of it the Germans are showing eery
sign of a rapid retreat.
The enemy continues to destroy his
stores of munitions in various locali
ties along the battle front, as is ttia
practice of a beaten army.
Further successes east of Montdidier
would iron out the whole sectir north
of Lihons and result in the freeing cf
a great territory from . the Germans
and -wresting from' them much of "the
gains that resulted from the enemy's
gpririg offensive. In addition, a for
ward movement would take from the
Invaders the bountiful crops that Ujey
EYE WITNESS
TELLS OF PLUCK
OF THE MARINES
(Continued f-im Pace On)
T i-! n E C PROMINENT MEN
SENTENCED BY HUNS
TO PRISON TERMS
(V.v Review Leaned Wlre
AMSTERDAM. Aug. 10. Three
prominent I.elgians have been sen
tenced to long terms of imprison
ment by the German military auth
orities for their alleged connect ion
with the phantom newspaper Ubre
Pelrduue. according to Les Nouvel
les. a Belgian newspaper published
at the Hague. Father Dolaiiave. a
Belgian priest, "suspected" edito
rial writer, was sentenced to fifteen
yetrs penal servitude; Dr. Van
Cuillie, also "suspected" editori.il
writer, twelve years, and lawyer
Van Der Koven, "suspected" man
ager, fifteen . ars. All were de
poned to Germany.
iman charged a machine gun at tiin
pcint of the bayonet and sent in sev
enteen prisoners at a clip."
"I wonder if ever an outfit," the let
ter says, "went up against a more des
perate job, stuck to it so gamely with-.
out sleep, at times on short rations,
with men and officers going off like
flies; and I wonder if our long list cf
gallant deeds there ever were two bet
ter stunts than the wcrk of Sibley and
Holcomt."
the French :ire shev.-in; thiit after fo'ir
years i f vnr thev bay.-. !osi none of
the:r dash r.::ri fOMr.isr They have also
proed that 'lie Germans are not al
ways able to plead surprise as an ex
cuse for defeart. The French succes
ses north of MontdicMer were partially
due to surpiis'e, but the Germans were
aware of the impending attack south
of the town. They were defeated, just
the same.
Atraekine at 6 o'clock last evening
the French troops conquered the
ihht cf Asssinyillers and Ru'ae
eo.irt in two hours. This morning
ti:ey struck along the line down the
front through wie region f Mery.'and
southeast of- Vontdidie-r and moved
'he'- ai"-r,'l more -than four miles
taking Favrrolles by storm.
HUN SALIENT
IS WIPED OUT
BY ALLIES
ro-is have profr-ssc1 nearly 14 miles
a i.!:;, ii.e .u.'.: ns lloye r ad. Th num
b r of prisoner? t iten din ing tlie me
period exceed:-: Mt Anion-; the i-nor-mous
material abandoned by the u
einy, we have ounted up to the pre
ei;' time "On gnus.
Eastern Front. Aug. 0. In Albania
there have been patrol enco;int '.s tiiat
itle,i uo Mine! ii".1 onei . ihr avi
ators have bombarded enemy crcuinu
nunis in the region of- INyradt k and
l'.ritish avi;tors have droi.ped lmuits
on the railroads in t.ie r--p;uu ot
t en s."
: i:s,il(.i. (T'. ; I'ren, h and the Anieri
:!!!.. ii : d" search of the d;(rn
,'u; i; lie " .-! and -found one un-":-.;i!-!c-l
itlifi! r.nd it has been Mi-ne.l
uvi'i- In the oi luance experts for ex
a iniir.it inn.
! PROMOTION OF
MANY OFFICERS
IS RECOMMENDED
(Continued from Page One)
until two-thirds of the columns, we
judged, were in view.
"The rifle and machine gun fire were
incessant and overhead shrapnel was
bursting. Then the shrapnel came on
the target at each shot. The white
patches would roll away and we could
see that some of the columns were still
there, slowed up. It seemed perfect
suicide for them to try- You couldn't
begrudge a tribute to their pluck, at
that.
"Then, under that deadly fire, and a
bararge of rifle and machine gun fire,
the boche stopped. It was too much
for any man. They burrowed in or
brcke to the c6ver of the woods and
you could follow them by the ripples
cf the green white as they raced to
cover."
The writer says the rifle fire of the
marines amazed the French who saw
it.
"That men should fire deliberately
and use their sights and adjust the
range," he says, "was beyond their ex
perience. It must have had a telling
effect on the morale of the boche, for
it was something they had not count
ed on. As a matter or fact after push
ing back the weakened French and
then running up against a stone wall
defense, they were literally 'up in the
air' and more than stopped. We found
tJiat out later from prisoners, for the
Germans never knew we were in the
front line when they made that attack.
They were absolutely mystified at the
manner in which the defense stiffened
up until they found that our troops
were in line."
The letter describes a daylight
charge against a machine gun nest and
tells of scouting raids up to June 6
when the whole brigade, swung for
ward to straighten out the line. Major
Sibley's battalion led the way.
Speaking of individual acts of brav
ery, the writer says: Duncan, a com
pany commander, "before he was
mouth and was carrying a stick."
mowed down, had his' pipe in his
Later he adds:
"Dental, surgeon Osborne picked up
Duncan -and with a hospital corps roan
had just gained some shelter when a
shell wiped all three out.
' At another point, "Young Timmer-
ONE-TON
TRUCK
We Have Two Ready for Delivery
The ONLY Truck
, For Every Day Use
PRICE
(Continued from Page One)
TIME TO KEEP
ENEMY ON RUN
SAYS GENERAL
allies there are gathering themselves
lor a new ussauu men may nave us
eliect on me great name going on
further north.
Although there have been rumors of
heavy fighting south of Arras, there
has been no confirmation yet. Nothing
i is known of the situation in Flanders,
i where on Friday the Germans are re
i ported to be withdrawing from their
i advanced positions.
(Continued from Page One)
ural impediment to an advance. There
are a few valleys perpendicular to the
front of our advancing armies in
stead of parallel to it, so that the ad
vancing troops can go right through
the valleys.
"The enemy were apparently taken
by surprise and made no essential n
sistance in the center, confining their
Ftrong tesistance to the flanks. Hitting
the big salient on a thirteen mile front,
we pushed it an average of eight
miles, and re luced it from an outer
salient to an inner salient. That gives
us r. salient somewhat correspond
ing to the Mame salient and places
the enemy again in a bad position.
The advance of the British and French
at this point comes up so that they
are getting into control, or threaten
ing, the railroad line of communica
tions which at that point runs up from
the Montdidier sector to Chaulnes.
"On the Flanders salient the enemy
on August 9 was withdrawn on the
southern sector of the salient, south
of Merviile and British occupied that
territory. The general elfect of these
movements is straightened out of the
line everywhere."
Answering a qur-stion 83 to the
foity-second division's record. General
March said:
"The rainbow division had its com
bat training in the Lorraine sector
north of Luneville. It left that posi
tion to arrive east of Rheinis where
on July 15 it helped break the main
German attack. When the French
Ameircan counter offensive w-is
launched on the Marne salient the di
vision appeared there shortly in relief
of other units. Our reports indicate
the following:
"In eight days of battle the Forty
second division has orced the passage
of the Ourcq, taken prisoners from six
enemy divisions, met, routed, decimat
ed a crack division of the Prussian
guards, a Bavarian division and one
Mher division, and driven bae'k the en
emy's lines for 16 kilometers.
BRITISH OFFICIAL
LONDON. Aug. 10. Montdidier fell
to the French first army, which had
be en operating south of Montdidier,
according to the British war office an
nouncement tonight. Many prisoners
and great quantities of material were
taken by the French.
The general line reached by the al
lies in the Albert-Montdidier sector
now runs from Lihons to Fresnoy-Les-Roye,
Lignieres and Conchy-Les-Potts.
The statement added that the num
ber of prisoners was increased.
The text of the communication fol
lows: "The attack launched yesterday :n
accordance with the allied plan of ope
rations on our right by the French
first army south of Montdidier was
developed by our allies this morning
with complete success. Developed from
the north and from the southeast.
Montdidier fell into the hands of the
FTench before midday, together with
many prisoners and great quantities of
material.
"During the remainder of the day
the advance of the French first army
continued with the co-operation of tne
French on its right and the right wing
of the British fourth army. Pressing
hard upon the retreating German
troops south of Lihons, the British
troops have overcome the enemy's re
sistance and made substantial pro
gress. "The general line reached by the
allied troops now runs virtually noith
and south from Lihons to Fresnoy-Les-Roye,
Lignieres and Conchy-Les-PoUs.
The number of prisoners was increased."
GERMAN OFFICIAL
l.'KKLiN. (via London) Am.'. 10.
'In the center of the ,ait!i Irani the
(ne;ny has gained ground bey -and ltosi-
res arfd llana-'-st." nys tin- ,:iic ml
cuitmunicntion Iroin general hea 1
inaiters today. .
Our counter attacks brought iiiin to
a stand still v,et of Linens ar.d ea--t
u.' the Rosi; ries-Arviilcrs line "
Dmlng the night we withdrew our
troops f tenting on the Avre and on
I)om Brcok to tl rear lines cast of
.ViiiUliJicr. Southeast of .Montdidier
we reputed strong partia- auu.k:i o"
the French. We :1iot down 32 airplanes
ov r the 1 alt in i'ieid.
"Thcr,, has been lively aetiv't? on
the part of the enemy between the
Ypres and the Ar.i re. At many point!;
thrusts and partii.l aUi'ks which were
repulsed before our lines i;i hand to
hand Hunting.
"Yesterday the British arfti French,
Lriimii: strong rcerves into action,
continues their 1 1:1 f!'. : en the wnole
buttle front between the Ancre and
the Avre.
"On both siieg of the Somme and
astride the Foucaueourt-Villers Itre
tonneux road we threw the enemy
beck by counter attacks. He suffered
heavy josses here." ,'
GERMANS UNABLE
TO STAND UP
UNDER ADVANCE
(Continued from Page One)
i In the battle. The -wounded men com
jing back from the front are radiant
i with enthusiasm, shouting to their com
I rades "the boche is on the run." The
French have captured twenty-ope can
non since last night, including six
eight-inch guns at Laneuville-Sur-Res-sons.'
The Germans have moved most
of their heavy guns to the. rear and
defended their positions at Montdidier
principally with machine guns.
In this new battle of the Somme
FRENCH OFFICIAL
PARIS, Au'.g. 10. The French, ad
vancing eastward afUr their capture
of Montdidier at midday have ad
vanced their lines to an average depth
of six miles on the front extending
from Andechy, which is seven miles
northeast of Montdidier to Elincourt,
lying ten mils southeast of the cap-
jtured city , according to the war of-"ice
statement issued tonight.
The text follows
"On the Avre battle front, our at
tacks continued all day with increas
ing success. After the morning's op
erations Montdidier. outflanke 1 on the
past and the north, fell into our hands.
Continuing our victorious advance on
the rieht of the British forces, we
carried our lines nearly seven miles
to the east of Montdidier on a front
running from Andechy to Laboissiere
and Fescamps.
"Still enlarging out action south
east, we have attacked German posi
tions on the right and left of the roai
from St. Justen-Chaussee to Roye on a
front of more than 13 miles. We con
quered Rollot, Orvillers-Sorel, Ressons-Sur-Matz.
Conchy-Les-Potts, La Neu-ville-Sur-Ressons
and EHncourt, realiz
ing at some points an advance of near
ly seven miles.
"In three days the battle French
FOR CHASSIS
We Have Body to Suit
Come In and See Them
Hood&Bledsoe
Phone 686 Term Arranged
The New
Silhouette
The full figured woman, sensitive about her propor
tions, wants slenderizing effects first, and then style.
"Shur-Fit
Suits, Skirts and Tailored Dresses made to order. A
perfect fit guaranteed with every garment we make.
Every fashionable effect all the newest designs and
colorings in fabrics. It is the quality that attracts and
the price that sells here.
Refitting Remodeling
FRUITMAN'S T ADIES' TAILOR
FASHIONABLE Land IMPORTER
Phone 74. Hughes Block, Opposite Central School
i V.xlterS. rcuey. Martin u. i renca.
'Ol.tm i'. Jackson, per-v M Olt'Kitiad,
'r r.-.nk Ii. rplutin. I)a!d 1. SetKi".
la a-'.ditirn to the-e ofi'ic-rs. ninet"
'nii.e commanders were rei oi-it:n n led
j for temporary captains; tliirty-ilirei
P'-miane;! lieutenant cr.mtnandi-r.i for
' promorim to the per'nanent rank of
, commander, and 2:;tJ lieutenant cciii
'nianden for temporary ccm manners.
Thirteen captains of the coast guard
; w re reicinnietided for temporary pro
. ni;,! ion ' the rank of senior capf.in
in the ca.-U. guard a follows:
: James II. Brown, James M. Moore,
i William V. K. JacoLs. I'reston H. I't
berroth. Andrew J. Henderson, Rieh
prd (). Crisp. Kr -derick G. fodge. Ceo.
'. Carmine. Frederick J. HMke, .las.
G. Bal'-inter, Charles K. Johnston.
Aaron L. Camhie r.v.d Harry G. Han
let. These captains cf engineers ef the
coast g'l.ird. were recommended for
temporary' promotion to fie rank oi
senior captain as fellows:
' James If. Chalker, Charles P. Nash
and Dennis F. X. Bowen. Rear Ad
miral Niblack, who is recommended
for that permanent rank now is on
i duty in European waters, being com
mander of the American naval forces
operating in the Mediterarnean sea.
mm
AND Q d LTS-
Price $1.00
QUALITY TAILORS
Exclusive Agency
MAIN ST. BISBEE
EISBEE TRANSFER,
STORAGE & COAL CO.
Ware-house & Office Opposite Depot
PHONES 640 and 50.
r
YANKS RESIST
AND DRIVE BACK
GERMAN COUNTER
(Continued from Paee One)
ers three-fifths of an Incji. American
cfiieers said thct this was the ir tirst
acquaintance with shrapnel of this na
ture. A peculiar ound inllicted on an
American soldier led to thp discovery
that the Germans were using glass
i GET HUN PLANES
; WITH THE AMERICAN ARMY ON
i TIIK VESLK FRONT, Aug. in. (By the
; Associated Press.) In a battle in the
: air between two German and five
i American airplanes Iieut. Walter Av
j ery of Columbus, Ohio, and Harold
Hue kley of Agawan. Mass.. each
'. brought down a German. There were
no casualties among the Americans.
! ORDER SWISS WATCHES
I CENI.VA. Aug. 10. American forces
i i-i Frf.nce have ordered over one nnl
'lion watches from Swiss iirms.
C E HOGAN
Office Below
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
Phone 121
REAL ESTATE
RENTALS
FIRE INSURANCE
NOTARY
Phone 121
Office Below
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
C H. HOGAN
CHURN DRILLING
Great Ray Copper Company's
Property at Ray, Arizona
The Great Ray Copper Company has placed complete drilling ma
chinery on its extensive holdings adjoining the Ray Consolidated and
Ray Hercules properties.
Prominent mining engine-err,, aniens ethers. Dr. Harvey Weed
author of Weed's Copier Handbook wio was fermerly consulting
engineer for the Ray Central Copper Co., now Ray Consolidated, have
reported very faver.-iily on the Great Ray Copper Cc.npany ground,
and each have rece.mmended the u: e of drills to determine the extent
at depth of the large mineralird zone, extending for thousands of feet
through the Company's property.
Or. Weed's report says:
"The area of most intense primary mineralization is at least 1"00
feet bread and 3000 feet long . . . but these figures cover only
one promising part of ti e property.
"In my opinion this area warrants drilling to determine Jhe degree
of mineralization tJiere is no doubt of the extent of mineralization."
"I recommend the development of the Great Ray Copper Company
as a legitimate mining venture, etc."
The churn drills now on the Great Ray property will determine the
degree and extent of known ore bodies, and their use is in accordance
with the best mining practice, as proven by the Ray Consolidated.
Ray Hercules, Copper Queen and other large companies throughout
the state. ,
Under the stimulus of an active program of development by drill
ing, this Company's shares have recently come into prominence and
its stock has advanced sharply.
The shares of this Company, we earnestly believe, offer a most
attractive investment in copper.
Drilling will be carried on diligently under the direction of the
Company's engineers.
FURTHER INFORMATION WILL BE GIVEN AT THE OFFICE OF
THE COMPANY, ROOM 7, SPARKS-KLINE BUILDING, BISBEE.
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Solicit Your
Patronage
PHONE 58
COLLINS &
BRETHERTON
We Specialize In
JEROME
AND
OATMAN
STOCKS
Jack BIdg., Main Street
Phone 2S Box 1129
HJO&VJ JL JUL W
Water
Heater
For Attaching
to Your
Range Boiler
Provides abundant supply of
hot water at reasonable cost.
Call at our store and ask for
demonstration, or make re
quest for representative to call
upon you.
i
' ' '' .
' ; ; i -5
; ! :
JL
Sisbee Improvement Co. THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, AUGUST 11, 1918.
SEVEN
THANKS LADY WHO
LODGE NOTICES
Lams oi evry iraierum oraer in tne Warren District; giving the esseuuai
lacis oi iai;i. tneir inceting uignis, tu'-ir oir.cers anu tr.e place or gsuuvi
iK -viii !e iouu'j unuer ueir respeci.ve aeadtrgs in ttiose cumuu.
DAIL Y RE VIE W WANT ADS
n.ufii:run.ui3 liuucr mis mau at tne rate 01 .1 trm t 'Aura eacu issuu, wilu minimum cnarpe 01 cruut
u.rrnaeuji.ui8 mum reacn ine Keview ornce not khoi ,mu o p. w. n-r insertion in next mornings
. GAVEINFOR
Male Help Wanted,.
WANTED Dish washer at Warner
dining room. Mrs. Anna Taylor. o."i4
WANTED Good blacksmith's he;per
Bronhv Carriage company, Lowell
Ariz.
2'JS
WKlTB TO "X. M. C. A. hcnool, Us
jvugeicB, ' Bixjui auio; nauio, com
mercial ana engineering courses,
i nun ior service.
Female Help Wanted
i
WANTED Girl to wori In . smail
dairy. Phone Red 773. 235
WANTED Ten bright capable ladies
to travel, demonstrate and sell well
fc::",-.v.i goods to establisned dealers.)
to $50 per 'week; railroad fare:
l..i; weekly advance for traveling;
ex. ..xses. Address at once Goodrich j
Druj companv, Dept. 131, Omaha,
Nebr. ' ' M ,
WANTED Girl to help with horse
work, small family. Phone 74S. 317
WANTED Maid tor llgnt nousewem.
i-coue 210. -pj
;
Male and Female Help Wanted
GOVE RNMENT NEEDS 20.000
CLERKS At Washington. Examina
i tions everywhere in August. Ex
, perience unnecessary. Men and wo
men desiring government positions
write for free particulars to J. C.
Leonard, (former Civil Service Ex
aminer), 675 Kenois Bldg., Washing
ton, D. C. 465
GOVERNMENT WILL HOLD CIVIL
SERVICE EXAMINATIONS In
August. 20,000 clerks to be appoint
ed at Washington. Experience un
' necessary. Men and -women desir
ing government clerkships write for
free particulars to R. E. Terry, (for
mer Civil Service Examiner), 315
Columbian building, Washington,
D. C. 4S6
Positions Wanted
WANTED Job as dish washer. Box
3951, Warren. 439
WANTED Working nurse wants en
gagements. Box 1809, or call 130
Opera Drive. 4S-1
WANTED-s-Position by experienced j
chambermaid with reference. Kins j
Black 852 after 6 o'clock. 467 I
WANTED Young girl just out of;
Douglas college wishes stenographer .
position. Call Black 805. 414 ;
For Sale
fOK SAL,i Horse ana two wagons
bi a real Dargam. caii at ceiery vig
training company plant tiqrmerv
jtisoee inoneer soda wortfjs), xoino-
HPBVCSU1JJ1. i 2 v" u j ? i t
JTOK SAL.K Two lots near iinco.a
Ecnooi, road adjoining, jaj.il casn or
fDU down ana $25 monthly, unsn
ams, Aimer hill, by ngnt post. 74S
FOR SALE; improved rancn or twen
ty acres untier iour wire tence,
nrieen acres has oeen cuitivateu
tnree room tranie couse, garage ana
otner outDutiaings, two good wens,
one gas engine ana one nana pump,
tanning utensils, twelve bearing
truit trees and one Jersey cow anu
aozen chickens. Located enchatf
mile east of Osborn station. A sarin
casn payment and balance on ternrj.
see Gus Haigler. 562
FOR SALE Modern five room nouse
at Warren, together with three large
iota. Will give terms. Location tne
Dest, all ienced, good garage. Here
- is a snap. See owner, J. E. Brophy.
- Phone 284, Lowell, Brophy stable.
871
"FOR SALE Bundles ot old papers at
the Review office. Large bundles.
, price 25c.
FOR SALE Crescent hotel sold cheap
. if taken at once. Brewery avenue
Wilbur McLean. 293
FOR SALE Six room furnished
house. 26 Johnson avenue, Johnson
'. addition. 231
FOR SALE One six room house,
large lot, shrubbery, well fenced, in
fine condition, good terms to respon
sible party. A. J. Fairclaugh, War-
. ren. 4 GO
..FOR SALE Five room competely fur
nished house in Warren. E. H. Rid
er, C. Q. office. Phone 320 after
8 p. m. 471
PETEY DINK You'll Go
I Too old To
V CA.WI VORr-J rrv 0fFia
Ch QZ
teT 7 rfM
. uc ted
A A ' v.-' ". ,;
i ".. ' '' '' ,.' ,.t,i' i
' : v. v ' '
For Sale
; FOR SALE Canary birds,
j house, Naco road.
Holbrook
417
FOR SALE Buick light six, five pas
senger, 1917 model; Liberty six, laiS
model, run less than a thousand
miles. F. J. Kecgh Auto Upholstery
and Paint Shop, Lowell. 321
FOR SALE
Five room furnished
house. Upper
Lowell, $C5u cash,
- v 1 1, " - -
j t ive room nouse, couipieteiy iurnisnea
; m fcoou conaiuon. lanit nm, iiiliu
' fHii ii;ii:iiiim Hiisv Lfrniii-
Three room house, in Rood condition,
Tombstone canyon. No hill to climb.
Price $1100. ?50i) cash, balance easy
payments.
fcagnt room iurnisnea nouse, upeio
unve. A snap, Jf4U0 casn, oaiaui.-f
easy payments.
AfhLi' TO M. C. HIGH
FOR SALE One Chevrolet car, one
Ford touring car in good condition,
cheap. E. Sulger, Bakerville, three
blocks east of Standard laundry.
459
: FOR SALE Rcoming house, 17
rooms, best location in Douglas;
good lease. 934 G avenue. Phone
121. 433
FOR SALE Three lots in Wood can
yon. Apply W. A. Arthur, 95 War
ren hill. 44$
FOR SALE-- VICTOR AMERICAN
BLOCK. LUJrP COAL for winter
storage, and we urge you to buy now
as a shortage is more than possible.
See Bisbee Fuel & Feed company,
Phone 121, below Copper Quee-..
hotel. 434
FOR SALE 160 acres grass land. Sul
phur Springs valley. Good house,
trees, windmill, plenty water for ir
rigation. Will consider ' trr.de for
Bisbee property. A. G. Hughes, 110
Opera Drive, head of Broadway. 445
; FOR SALE One model "83" Overland
i A-l mechanical condition, good tires
I Phone Black 60S. - 441
FOR SALE Good driving hsrre $25.
worth f 75. Must sell, no use to us.
Small safe, S5!l pounds, $30; galvan
ized water filter, $7.5u; two delivery
wagons, two sets harness. Celory
Vig Bottling company. 442
FOR SALE One three room house
. with bath, lot 7G. See Whitmen, Co
chise Row. 46S
, FOR SALE Jersey cow, Don
Luis.
472
first house south of church.
FOR SALE Furnished house. Very
desirable for small family. Cash
- or attractive terms calling for com
paratively small payment down
Phone Green 665. 484
FOR SALE
the Keiitr.
price 25c.
Bundles c: o:u papers ai
oftice. Large bundles.
FOR SALE 100 acres improved, three
miles from McNeal on Central High
way, four room house, good barn
grainary and other outbuildings,
good water, sixteen foot Samson an,
engine pump, good reservoir, luts oi
grapes and other fruit thirty-five
acres under cultivation, fenced and
cross-fenced; tea head cattle, fi.'t
milch cows, three work hoir.es, one
colt, farm machinery and tools.
$32JU, half cash, terms on balance
Herman suhonen, McNeal, Ariz.
3S3
FOR SALE ON TERMS Three rait
house, ere SiKtl:.:id pony, ;-.vo
horses, al;H chickens. Gus Sharp,
one mile up r.rewery Gulch.
FOR SALE Three room house wi
large scieenid porch and basement,
pantry and bath room completed
With hot and cold water. One Foro
automobile almost new with big gar
age: two milch cows, 100 chicken.'.,
barns, two lots, all fenced, nico
yard planted with fruit trees. Bar
gain fi.r cash. Last house on Black
Knob View street close to Warren
mine. C. J. Midzcr, owner. Warren,
Ariz. .375
FOR SALE l.um'ier house tent, can
vas top, Tank bill. Price ?5r. in
quire Mrs. John Jackson, 125 Quarry
! canyon. , 110
Lost
' LOST One thrift stamp book, almost
I complete. Reward at Review office.
' 437
the Way the Powder Does, Petey
1
For Rent Furnished Rooms
FOR RENT Two furnished house- FOR RENT Furnished room, privat
keeping rooms, close in. Phone 156. entrance, bath adjoining. ' Second
3u house east side Hospital stop, War-
FOR RENT Large room, suitable for .
one or two gentlemen. Running wa- for RENT Two nicely furnisheu
ter. Inquire Warren Drug Co. 135 housekeeping rooni3 in new house,
,, . ' facing Naco road, on Cowan Ridee.
FOR RENT - Two n,Ce rooms and between Centra, t8'
porch, well 1 furmshed for light house- schoo, house
keeping. Phone 64a. 80 Moon ave- ,
nue, J. W. Glover. 376 f'OR RENT Two furnished rooms.
.,.. ; 216 Tombstone canyon, opposite
FOR RENT-Three furnished house- Andersoll 8tore. PP41!i
keeping rooms. John Ceron, ar- .
ren. No children. 350 FURNISHED ROOMS Need coal for
rr r- ; : : the winter and all owners and oc-
FOR RENT-Two furmshed house- snould nQW oc
keeping rooms. 26 Montana street gamble with anow and ,ce foj. a
Johuson addition. oa6 ghorUge ls iikeiy t0 occu this fall
t un Kti-i o wen iunun and winter See Bisbee Fuel & Feed
.Wm, i.6e pantry, ciotnes c.odh company. Phone 121, below Copper
i.out auu oacK porcn. lu Queen hotel. 431
vauce. iso cnuaren. Kesiaeuce m FQR RENTFurnished front room n
u. m. rorier, 24 Masou car Muheim building. 377
FOR RENT Two large, quiet, single j
rooms, reasonable. Second house up
steps by Bisbee Auto company. 291
FOR KENT Two furnished house
. keeping rooms. Lights and water
included. 86 B Brewer Gulch. 355
FOR RENT Two furnished house
keeping rooms No children, C5
Johnson avenue, Johnson additioa.
FOR RENT One four room house
modern; cne three room house, fui
nished. John Wohlschlegal, Opera
Drive. 458
FOR RENT Three room apartment
furnished, with bath. Inquire No. 1
Bauer hill. 455
FOR RENT We have no coal for rect
but plenty for sale and urge all who
use coal to buy and store now for we
are likely to have a-serious shortag
this winter. See Bisbee Fuel &.
Feed company. Phone 121, below
Copper Queen hotel. 434
FOR RENT Two rooms for house
keeping. J53 Temby avenue, Balgay
house. 44)
FOR RENT Furnished three room
apartment, modern new heme,
screen porch, also tent house fur
nished SO Laundry hill. Call on
premises Sunday nr.til 3 p. m. 440
FOR RENT Three room furnished
bungalow. No children. 14 Laundry
hill. V. J. Shearer. 438
OR RENT Furnished house.
High road. School hill.
104
456
FOR RENT Two room furnished J
apartment with screen porch. 19
Tombstone canyon, ftarnum stop.
4S1
FOR RENT Three rooms unfurnish
ed: also nice suite furnished.
Cqml'ir Ciirliiniru ,11 r, - Ail I
LI11IMUI 11 Ul II11U1U I U1U jl LI 11 J . 1111.
FOR RI4NT Two furnished rooms for
light housekeeping. 42 Jiggerviile.
4S0
FOR RENT Teacher wishes to share
apartment. Large .front room, piano,
wmII limla I1vir lTiHonn il f.n t Fr'l
BLU1C. 11
FOi; RENT Three rooms furnished,
or unfurnished, all improvements,;
also tw-o rooms furnished. Apply ;
WmT McDougall, opposite Lincoln '
school. I'hone Green 72S. 4'JS ;
, : I
FOR RENT Reasonable rooms, suit
able for miners, close in. Call Sun
day. 6 Quality hill. Mrs. Mitchell.
4S1
FOR RENT Housekeeping room for,
gentleman, furnished or unfurnish- j
ed. prefer close in, running water.
Permanent. 483 1
Salesmen
SALESMAN Capable specialty man
' for Arizona. 3taple line on NEVv
and EXCEPTIONAL terms. Vacancy
now. Attractive commission con
tract. $33 weekly for expenses. Gil
lette, 732 Carlin Bldg., Cleveland,
Ohio. 46:
WANTED Salesin'en. Best side line
cn earth. Brand new. $G commis
sion on orders and repeats; old re
liable. Pan Mfg. company, 2562 Cot
tafie Grove avenue, Chicago. 4G3
Money to Loan
S.MALb quick loans on your peraouai
uoitf to salaried men anu women, al
so on lurniiuic. lox Lrfiail co. Koora
z, L,ync Theatre Dunains. ib6
Deed
Nou tt HAVE To
APPUCATlow -
f OH A .
-rurnisnea rooms at mu
liisDee notei, itn running water.
MOOStf HOTEL Kuruisnea
iz.iw per wees ana up.
ruuin
311
Wanted
WANTED All heads of families to
buy their winter's supply of COAL
now as we may not have it this win
ter. Bisbee Fuel & Feed company
Phone 121, below Copper Queen
hotel. 434
WANTED Will purchase three or
four room hoU3e. Have $200 cash.
Will pay balance monthly.' P. O.
Box 1372, Bisbee. 113
WANTED To buy .or cash, a six or
seven room hous in Warren. Ad
dress C C 34, care .Review. 43:S
WANTED All ladies who do the buy
ing, and most of them do, to not for
get their winter's supply of coal un
til the supply is exhausted. Buy
NOW from the Bisbee Fuel & Feed
company, Phone 121, below Copper
Queen hotel. 434
ANTED Plain sewing. Room IS,
Jacob Schmid building, Brewery
aveuue. 35S
WANTED Stenographer, rapid at
taking uietation and at typewriting.
Address B, care Review. 229
WANTED Ccfnsumers to purchase
their winter's supply of coal NOW
and insure their home of warmth
and comfort for a serious shortage
is possible. Don't delay." See Bis
bee Fuel & Feed company. Phone
121, below Copper Queen hotel. 431
WANTED Gentleman wants indi
vidual' Spanish lessons from compo
tent teacher. Give terms and ad
dress. Review E-2fc ' 482
WANTED Roomers and noaraers. S3
Jiggerviile. Mrs. Chas. R. KirK. 711
Miscellaneous
CLAIRVOYANT READINGS Clair
voyant and card readings daily ex
cept Sunday. Mrs.. E. M. Boyle, 17
Montana street, first -street back ot
Lowell bakery, Johnscn addition.
473
NOTICE Party who took coat from
Studebaker Wednesday night will be
prosecuted. Return to Review office.
No questions asked. - 412
FIRST CLASS DRESSMAKING X.'.
5 Brooks apartments, O. K. St. 4S0
COAL OF BEST GRADE For sale
now and we earnestly urge all to
buy and store for the winter. Don't
deiay. See Bisbee f uel & Feed com
pany. Phone 121, below C:pper
Queen hotel. ;.i 434
i COSSARD CORSETS FOR SALE
I From $2 up. AH corsets fitted. Ines
Warburton, nest to Arizona grocery
store, upper' Main. 34
j LEARN actual auto repairing, book
1 keeping, shorthand, radio engiceer
I ing. Young Men's Christian Asso
' ciation. Los Angeles. Catalog free.
i 230
Agents
MASSIVE BRONZE SERVICE EM
BLEM Wonderful, easy seller, last
ing fitting tribute to our soldiers;
every home wants one; big earnings.
Write now, exclusive territory. Hay
ward company, 1257 J'ine street. Sun
Francisco, Cal. " 462
Overhears Conversation That
Leads to H13 Recovery
Gains 18 Founds
"I have already gotten back about
eighteen pounds of the weight I lost
while sick, and now my health seems
to be just perfect," said Harry V. Hor
locher in a recent conversation at the
Mattheson hotel, 204 Columbia street.
Portland, regarding the benefits ne
has derived from the use of Tanlac.
Mr. Horlocher is a well known carpen
ter and is employed by the Standifer
Construction company, of Vancouver,
Washington.
"On the 20th day of last March." ex
plained Mr. Horlicher, "I was taken
down with an attack of stomach pois
oning ptomain poisoning, 1 believe
they call it which almost tarried me
away, and since that time, until I got
Tanlac, nothing I would eat agreed
with me. What little I did manage to
eat would soon sour,. causing gas an(?
terrible pain and misery. I lost my
appetite almost entirely, and often just
the smell of anything cooking would
make me dreadfully sick at my stom
ach. My food evidently did me no good.
as I fell off from one hundred and ;
eighty pounds to one hundred and
mi. 1 jusi uiu iu lay uu u .mi u.j
work, as I felt too weak and exhausted j
: t - 1 I 4 1.,.. .it
for several weeks to even attempt to
do anything. Just climbing up the
steps to my room would take all my
energy and completely exhaust me. I
was constipated all the time, had head
aches, and noticed that my nerves
were going all to pieces, as I couldn't
get a good night's sleep. Nothing did
me any good and l haa necome uneasy
and worried about my condition.
"One day while in the Owl Drus
store I happened to overhear a la''y
whn ' hnvini? hnttlp nf Tanlar.
tell the man who was waiting on her
that she had been suffering from stom
ach trouble for years and that Tanlac
was the only medicine she had ever
taken that did her any good. Wet!, sh i
didn't know it, but just that little re
mark ot her's sold me a bottle of Tan
lac right then and there and if I only
knew her name I wuuld like to thank
her for putting me onto the thing that
has given me back my health and
strength. My stomach feels now like
it i: in just as good shape as it ever I
was. And such an appetite as 1 do!
havn I hli(vp T rnuhl frtl fivp meflta .
.i.'. ............ r. . ..f
Vr.J.nr "'t" r.Tnh.K'ounty may appear m person or by
;t.,i, t v.,
Ill HUM JU1 1UI11UV, I 1'tMI
of ,..fi;,tin i.nrf !, ..nvrr!
bothered any more with headaches. I"
now feel ?. hundred per cent stronger
tar.-! we 1 end a.'.i putting in full time at
' my work ad I certainly do think Tan-
lac is a great medicine."
! 'Tanlac is sold in FIsbeo by J. M.
j Call, in Douglas by Dousias Prus Co..
j in Paradise by G. A. Walker, in Bowie
by Bowie Drug Store, in San Simon oy
! J. B. Cooke, in Wiilcox by A. A. N'ichol-
! son. in Lowell Dy. Lawell Drug to, in
Benson by C. F. Mosa Pharmacy, and
in Gleeson tiy 1!. A. Taylor. Adv.
I Stock Salesmen
I .
STOCK SALESMEN Financial house
i has opening for five yii')U per month
stock salesmen to follow up live
leads which cost us from $10 to $15
apiece in small tow ns. Strong sell-
ine issue. Have active endorsement
of many prominent men. 25 to 30
leads when salesman starts more
continually. Excellent references re
ferences required. Address, Sales
Manager. 21)52 Chicago avenue, Chi
cago, 111. 461
Mineral Baths
MARTIN'S MINERAL BATHS AND
MASSAGE Specialist tor rneumar
lsm, jumoago, piurisy, . neaiiacne V
nervuusncs3, manipulations ana cur-;
viture ct spire treated scsontitieai-:
ty. Ofiice third floor Maze buiiain.
open 3 a. in. to 9 p. ui. Nurse in at
tendance. ' as2 j
I'EVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
! T-r-i t- ii cr niiAi icir.-t r i cr-rnoc ne
COCHISE COUNTY, STATE
OF ARIZONA.
J Notice is hereby given that a peti
j Hon is on file in my office purporting
I to be signed by the qualified electors
j of said county to tho number of 3'J51.
' being not less than 33 1-2 per cent of
j the qualified electors of the County
computed according to law, praying
' that the county seat of said County
I be removed from the place where it is
' now fixed, and that an election" be held
r . . . n . . -r I i 1 1 I
Quest (om iu ca-u
OF A.CCtDt-WT G'.N-L HAMS.
BISBEE LODGE NO. 713.
L. O. O. rvi.
.fleets every rriuay
:int. jli.os Man.
. Miring orotners
Jially mvutru.
U. 1. GLKASU.N,
Dictator
KAY ROSS, fcitjej.
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
DREADN AUGHT
L. O. L. NO. 210.
meets in I. O.
O. F, Hall first
and third
MONDAY at
JO p. ra.
Visiting broth
ers cordially
Invited to at
tend. V.'M. T. SMITtlAN. W. M.
ROBERT FERGUS, Secretary
P. O. Pox 426. Bisbee.
BISBEE LODGE, NO. 10, I. O. O. F.
meets every
C-" T a e.t T h 11 r a il .1 v
evening at Odd
FelloAs' Hall
, .
subway street, at 7 : 30 o'clock .Visiting
brothers cordially invited to attend.
Hall phone 119
II. R. TAYLOR, N. G.
LESTER EUSTACE, Sec'y.
PYTHIAN SISTERS
Lily Temple No. 3 meets every 2nd
and fourth Thursday evening of each
month at Odd Fellows Hall. Visiting
sisters are cordially invited.
MINNIE BLUM, M. E. C.
Phone Black S51.
I -u- ul Il
Dox 1475
to UtHcmune tne uie-Hion I I suca re
moval, and to what place tne samt
shall be removed (or luat the question
ot such removal and the place to whicii
such shall be removed, be submitted U.
the qualified electors of s:ud County ai
the next general r lectiun of the Couri
ty officers) and that said petition win
be considered i;y tlu Board of Super-
t'isorj of said County at a meeting lo
oe neld at Tombstone, in said County,
on the 12th day of August, 1918, ai
two o'clock i". .'u , at which tune an
'Pace any
q.iaimed eltctor of said
counsel and be heard.
. . . , . , 1 - v. linn
July ljUl' 1Jli'
A. C. KARGER,
ourd cf Supervisors, Cochise County.
Arizona. 9bo
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix. Ariz.,
June 22. UH
Notice is hereby given thai Charioi
Lee SiniDsen, of Uodeo, Grant County.
j vPW Mexicu. who on Mav 29. 1UL
: ,n3(Ie Homestead Entry. No. 03aT12.
j lor ;vr gir; i,u i.4 ,E -t. EH
XV 'i. Section 34. Township 16 S,
Range 32 E, G. & S. R. Meridian, has
i filed notice of intention to make icree
year proof, to establish claim to the
; land above described, before Henry C.
i lieumler. United States Commissioner,
at Douglas. Arizona, cn the 10th day of
i Septemoer. ISIS,
' claimant names as witnesses:
David. C. r.anda,
Mexico.
Vil!i.'m C. Hale,
of
Rodeo, New
of Douglas, Ari-
zona.
Jame Houston, of Dcuglas, Arizona.
Robert L. Herrell, cf Uodeo, New
Mexico.
J. L. IRVIN,
436 Register.
NOTICE FCR PUBLICATION
Dcp3rtm?r.t of the Interior
Land 0:t.; e at Phoenix, Ari".,
U.
June 22. ms.
Notice is h n by given that Bernice
Iklaney forme.'!;.- Bernice M. Duvis. of
H rcford. Ar.zona, who, on .March 26,
1015. made Homestead Entry. No.
027O73. for Sctrh Halt S H. Se-tin.i
10. Town:-h:p ai-S. Rung" 22-E. G. ek
S. R. 11. Meridian, has filed nctico ci
intention to make Three Year Proof,
to establish claim to the land above
described, before Henry C. Beumier,
U. S. Commissioner, at DoiiRla;. Ari
zona, tn the loth day of September,
1!HS.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Frank C. Cobb.
Angus Giilis.
( barlets Martin.
William Ryan, all of Hereford, Ari-
zona.
43j
JOHN L. IRVIN".
Itegister.
' HOW
That '
HOW PAVi.
XlKCCTtOM
case oir aw
lt -j 3
E.-j , I
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED AMERI
CAN MECHANICS
Meets In Medigovlch
yvVjj IIaI1 e
night. VI
iAjt welcome.
Hall every Tuesday
siting brothers
S. F. BENTON", Councillor.
J. L. BENTON, Recording Secretary.
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS
Rathbone Lodge No. 10
Knights of Pythias,
1,16619 eacn Thursday
W-;?1. iJ' (except second) in Odd
Fellows' Hall at 7:30
Ci-'J p' m' vlsitinK brothers
cordially invited.
IL E. WOOTON. C. C
W. E. McCALLUM. K. of R. S.
LuJGE NO. 671
Regular meeting fim and third Fri
day of each month. Visiting brothers
cordially invited to attend.
JAS. ALLISON, Exalted Ruler.
R. J. KELLY, Secretary.
KNIGHTS AND. LADIES OF SECUR
ITY, BISBEE COUNCIL NO. 2115.
Meets every second and fourth Sat
urdays in the month at I. O. O. F.
Hall. 7:30 p. m. Visiting members are
cordially invited.
ARNOLD SCHMID. President
P. O. Box 34i3, Lowell. Ariz.
FREDERICK J. ATTAWAY.
Secretary, Lowell.
E. UNDQL'IST, Financial Secretary.
P. O. Box 3246, Lowell
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD.
Loweil CaniD No. 4t will
" '
meet every Wednesday
at 7:30, Brophy Hall.
II. C. I.NDAl, C. C.
O. B. THOMAS. Clerk.
All Woodmen invited.
ORDER OF EASTERN STAR
meets in Masonic Hall
Tearl Chapter, No. S, nieetn
iu Masonic Hall second aryl
fourth Tuesday of each
mouth at 7:30 p. m.
MRS. EMMA WOODS, W. M.
Phone 161. Box 45, Bisbee
MRS. JESSIE BEVAN, Secy, P. O.
Box 22U9, Chairman Relief Com..
I'hone 161.
FRATERNAL-Or"dER OF EAGLES
Pdsbee Aerie. No. 175. F. O. E., meets
first and third TUESDAYS. S p. m.
Eagles HalL Visitors cordially wel
come, i
J. F. WILMOTH. Presdent
F. C. FENDERSON. Secretary.
C. L. ED.VUNDSON, Aerie Physician.
FRATERNAL
BROTHERHOOD
T. F. a
mm
Bisbee Lodge No.
453 meets the lt
llNJx-'?t- Mt i3 meets the
N. jiV of each month at
s
'Sr5 7:30 at IeJ:o---C2r
- vich HalL Visit-
in' memlwrs cordially Invited.
B. r. MOSS. President
MRS. C. K. FINOTTI. Treasurer.
Box 722. Tel. 236, Red.
HONOR A MUNCH, oecretary.
Box 1621.
MODERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA
Bisbee Camp No. 13415.
Meets first Tuesday at
Odd Fellows' Hall.
R. L. MOTZ. Consul.
II. F. MATHEWSON.
Clerk.
WEEK ENDING AUGUST 17. 1V1S
H" Monday
- A Tuesday
tA Wednesday 2nd degree.
AJ Thursday
fAiiky Friday
fy Saturdar
W. W. G1DLF.Y. w. .
R. T. WATKINS. Secv, F. & A. M.
J. W. TOLAND. E. H. P.
C. F. PHI LI' ROOK. T. I. M.
F. E. BENNETT. E. C.
F. S. DAVENPORT. Secretary Chap
ter and Commandery.
W. R. BANKS. Secretary .(Vinci!.
By C. A. VOIGHT
CAU I AMi.'STJ
Dou't kuov
Oli !U vhaT
kl 3e; Btoww im
eplo&om HER.ef
Wn THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, AUGUST 11, 1918.
EIGHT
City Briefs
jstir.iir.g goods. JuJte Lockwood ro-It-intd
t Toil, lf-.t one Friday after be-
ins in the ( iiy for two days.
i
TT
hi
Has anyone visited you? Or
have you entertained? If so, call
TJie Review after C p. m. and tell
the Society EdUor, phone 39.
UNDELIVERED TELEGRAMS.
Refugio V. He Rivera. Dr. Straud, A
F. Hieicir, tare of Ban Mi-Milium.
RETURNS FROM VISIT.
.Mbs 'K-rcf Jes Hosnier returned yes
terday from I ouius, after a
visit with friends.
short
LEFT FOR OKLAHOMA.
.Mr. and Mrs. WuUr Slieppard ift
last, week tor Oklahoma City, wh3re
thev will visit relatives.
LEAVES FOR DOUGLAS.
J. C. Sruitman will leave today for
Douglas where he has been called ro
remain fur a Tew days.
MRS. FOSTER ILL. !
The friends of Mrs. Tom Foster will j
regret to hear that she is sick at hri
home in Johnson addition.
RETURNS TO DOUGLAS.
Mr. and Mrs. H. . Mr-Ran returned
to Douglas yesterdav after spending a
few days visiting friends,
i
FROM TOMBSTONE.
County Attorney J. F.
'
Ross was :"n
the city yesterday having been called
here on official business.
TELEGRAM AT WARREN.
-Them i.-; an undelivered telegram at
the Western Union telegraph office at
Wamn for T. A. Gorham. .
TO RAMSEY CANYON.
Kobert McCartney, chief carpenter
for the Coiper Queen, w ith his family,
lr't jester lay morning for Ramsey
Canyon where they will spend a lew
days outing.
WILL LEAVE TODAY.
Mrs. A. C. White and daughter, will
leave todav for New Mexico, after vis
iting Mrs." Mass of Mason Hill, for a
month.
HAVE BABY GIRL.
Mr. and Mrs. Kregris are the proud
parents of a seven and a half pound
baby girl, born at the Copper Queen
hospital last week.
HERE ON BUSINESS.
William Lutley, a well known Tomb
stone cattleman, returned to Tomb
stone yesterday after being here for
several days on business.
RETURNS TO TEXAS.
V. 1L Gracey left yesterday tor
Beaumont, Tex., after visiting his sis
ter. Mrs. N. D. Navarette of South I
lMOi-e, for thc past weik. I
r- little T t f Kl !
lcmvhiu i un ii.
l.cuis Markovich and family are I
Uavir.f.' l'.isbee, where they have !
sidea for ten years, for I'.utle, Mon- j
tana. He has been with tne
sf-aJy for ten yeaw.
' The party tt the Country c'.ub Sat-
HERE FROM DOUGLAS. ' r.rdav a.'ternoon was a real event. Over
Assistant County Attorney Bruce , Kixty women were present and the
Stephenson of Douglas, was in the city j niu-jraI prof;ra,n jven by Mrs. Jas.
yesterday for a few hours, having pass- j Irvln? was excf edincly enjovable. Tne
ed through from Tombstone, where he Iirocee(3 t0 po toward hoping the pcr
had been on court business. I nlanpnt bjn(j were $23.25. and 16
. worth of paper kniting bags were
WERE IN TOMBSTONE. - goU These bass are being featured
Attorneys S. W. White and Fletcher j Ja j., mo.)tij-s vocue, so Bisbee is
M. Daan of Douglas, were in Tomb- behind tne tinies.
stone yesterday -before the superior j
bvhls family"'11"6 aCCnlPan:ei: ! MRS. WILLIAMS DIES.
uy nis iamnj. , inni,,,,. r rvii.M1
Mc3AW IN FRANCE.
Tom MtGraw has written to frifndi
in the district that he has at last ur-
rived -over mere - na iikcs u j
There is always muc.i to do and plen-,
it- nil ou'pa MrCraw "Tom" is!
tv tn cat. states Mc-Oraw. lom' is
a Bisb e boy and well known by every
one.
I
LEAVE FOR CANADA. !
Mrs. J. J. Mann, sinter of Mrs. to
ward Powe o" Hicgins Hill, will i.we
Tuesday night for Victoria, Canada,
where she will visit Mr. Mann who is
in the medical corps of the Canadian
army.
JUVENILE COURT.
Dazing the past week there
has j
been between twelve and fifteen cases
trid in the juv aile court by Judse .
Logwood. The cases tried were chief-1
ly those of habitual truancy, but a
few were before the court for attempts j
made to break through windows and j
today LYRIC THEATER today
WORLD PICTURES Present ETHEL CLAYTON in
"JOURNEY'S END"
IN FIVE PARTS
You'll see the strangest legal document ever made in this production and you'll enjoy watching the
"omplicath ns developing from the signing of this docimer.t. You'll enjoy "Journey's End" from start to finish,
because it Is so unusual and so delightfully fasrinn'ing.
PARAMOUNT-MACK SENNETT COMEDIES
"IT PAYS TO EXERCISE"
. With CHESTER CONKLIN in Two Parts
L-Ko COMEDY
"WHO'S ZOO"
Featuring RUBE MILLER AND KATHLEEN O'CONNOR in Two Par's
Balcony 5c Main Floor ...10c Reserved Seats 20c
DONT FAIL TO SEE "BURNING THE CANDLE,'
CM VACATION.
j Miss Nona Beecher, head woman of
the art ) -purtment of the l'helps
; Hodge store, and Miss Nellie Iiyan of
; theh hosiery department will leave to-
morrow far ttamsiy Canyon to spend
a short vacation. They will also visit
iriinds in Tombstone for a few days.
TO EPANSVILLE, INO.
.Mi's. I). T. Thayer, aeeompanied by:
llr. and Mrs, Maher of Lowell, l.'t ,
vesurday morning for Kvansviile, !
i In J., where the body of Mr. Tnayer, ;
who was kill-'d Tuesday night at the
Junction mine, had been shipped for
i interment.
j
! BOUGHT HOME.
I Mrs. Carringer of Columbus. New
! Mexico, has been visiting her sister, J
" Mrs. D. M. Sharratt, in Jiggerville the i
! past week, and has purchased a home
j in the Smelter City and will make her
1 future home there.
SPENDS SATURDAY HERE.
Jack O'Connor of the Phelps Dodge I
Mercantile company at Douglas spent
I Saturday in the Warren district visit-
ling with old friends. Jack worked
j here with the P. D. for four years be-
fore moving to the Smelter City.
iHAAKAL FUNERAL TO'JAY.
The funeral of John Haakal, who
I iied last week irom injuries received
! from a fa!l. will be held this after
noon at 4:30 o clock from the 1'aiace
Undertaking parlors.
VVM L LEAVE FOR TUCSON.
Miss Genevieve. Callahan of the Bis-hoe-.'aco
Water company, will leave
fcr Tucson this week with Miss
Blanche Campbell of Tombstone C'ai
yon. where they will visit Mrs. J.
Mccormick.
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL GUESTS.
O. G. Metz. El Paso; J. G. Holers,
San Francisco; M. Mckea, California;
Robert R. Maferro, Douglas; Julian C.
Collier. Douglas; Donald Carpiit, EI
Paso; P. E. Chase. Dallas; P. T. Gra
ham, Tucson; H. J. Rogers, Cananea;
It. E. Kolb. William Gorgel, L. E. Ey
man and L. W. Armstrong, Ft. Hua
chuca. ENLISTS IN MEDICAL CORPS.
E.-. W. F. Hass, pharmacist at the
from Doug as where he enlisted in the
medical reserve corps of the United
Ftates arniv. Dr. Hass enlisted through
I Major Wilde, district surgeon of tne
baite hospital at Da-'Klas and is wait
ing for further word from Washing
ton, as to assignment for duty.
ROAD BADLY ASHED.
The rocks are more noticebale on
the Benson road than for some time
owing; to the recent rains, but it is
hoped that a contract will be let on '
i Contnmlier 14 COVerlnff this Section. !
- - i ' 0 - i
1 n14niinnta t i u rdl'L-o in '
uuu lucicuj cuiimioit ...
question all of them being in the first
section of the road this side of the
Curtis flat. " :
SUCCESSFUL PARTY.
i . .1., 1 1 -t 1 1 1 ..... Tlrtlttl u-hn
. prop1 11 LUr l III- liimuia
was brought here about two weeks
ago to have an operation performed,
i died Thursday morning. The body
as taken to Dongas by Undertaker
p u n The funeral will be held
" , , , .
frcm the Mt. lilive uapusi caur-n
Sunday aft'rnoon. the Rev. Edward
Jones officiating.-Mrs. Wil'Iams leaves
a host of friends, both white and col- j
ored. who will mourn her loss. The .
I deceased is survived by a husband, i
mother and sister.
TEJON TO START. I tendent of the mine. A new shaft has
Word received from Gleeson is that j recently been sunk with new machin
the Tejon mine, owned by Capt. J. H. I ery installed. This will make a force
i McKittrick, is to start operations with-
in the next few days on a larger scale
than ever before, and a force of from
fifty to seventy-five men will bu put
to work immediately, preliminary ar-
rangements being under way. The
Tejon mine is a copper producer and !
heretofore has been worked on a small j
scale. It adjoins the Copper Belle un-1
CONTINUOUS: 1 to 11
N
TODAY
(From The Fainted Lady by Larry Evans)
THE GREATEST RED-BLOODED STORY OF THE DAY. ACTION FROM START TO FINISH ONE OF
ING, GRIFPING, DRAMATIC PHOTODRAMAS OF THE DAY
ADMISSION 15 and 25c
BOY SHOOTS SELF
WHILE WALKING
IN SLEEP
PHOENIX LAD SERVING IN NAVY,
ACCIDENTALLY DISCHARGES
GUN INFLICTING INJURIES
THAT POSSIBLY WILL PROVE
FATAL; PARENTS WITH HIM
PHOENIX. Ariz., Aug. 10 Victim of
, strange tragedy enacted while walk-
ing in his sleep, John L. Goodson, jr., I
a Phoenix boy who recently enlisted
in the naval reserves at Los Anceles. i
is in a serious condition at the Clara
Barton hospital in Los Angeles, the
result of a . bullet hole through his
chest. Little hope for his- recovery is
held.
The body of the young man was
found on the floor of a room at the
Rosslyn hotel in Los Angeles by the
father, John L.
Goodrich, sr., early
Young Goodson had
Tncudu- mnmin
..i ....... - n- . ...... ...... . .
i .1 . . u i . I. : I 1. 1 1 . .
auciueiiiiiiiy siiui iiuuaeii nunc . i :rv-
jng jn his sleep.
The bullet entered the chest just
above the heart and lodged in the
spinal column, causing a partial pa
ralysis. Young Goodson has long been trou
bled with somnambulism and frequent
ly walked and talked in his sleep, ac-1
cording to members of the family. It j
was while suffering from this peculiar
ailment that the tragedy was enacted, j
The father, employed at the federal
building here, went to Los Angeles .
three days before the shooting to join
his son, who enlisted about five weeks
ago. The sailor was to have three
days' leave, and, with his father, en
gaged the room at the hotel. The night
before the tragedy they had company
and retired at a late hour. The moth- j
er left tor tne oeosiae or ner son Tues
day night. Word received in Phoenix
today was to the effect that little im
provement had been noted in his con
dition. The unfortunate man was soon to he
married to Miss Hattie E. Hill of No.
1103 East Taylor street
der lease by the shannon -COmpany of
r,iftn tt rpnrtert tht the 'i-eion
is under contract to furnish at least
fifty tons of ore per day for the smel
ters at Clifton. L. I. Thiers is superin-
of not less than 250 men at work in
the camp, there being nearly 200 at
work now on day and night shift. It is
expected to pue new life into the
town with the influx of laborers and
their families.
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
MONDAY, AUGUST 12TH
of
VVM. FOX'S GREAT MASTERFUL PRODUCTION WITH
I
Also MUTT ' AND JEFF
it . c-l.H i'KatfSp PfPf
1 Hs fr" l ZK TODAY Continuous 1 to 11 TODAY i
; :ft f'i v .- a
!Y t , h ' 1
zrg- , f Srj-'- s-. "tt Thos. H. Ince Presents the Typical American Ycuth. f
I W t'S I mineraramoumnay, -
11 , s : jitp. mj mw i
I I? , jrgi 7ir?; I P p-Sp W iWiy I
i ' w
ALSO THE GREAT '
TOTO
. IN A NEW ONE,
"The One-Night Stand"
COME OUT AND
SISTERS OF LCRETTO
TAKE SPECIAL
COURSE
RETURNS HERE READY TO RE
SUME WORK IN' LOCAL CON-
VENT COLLEGE AFTER TAKING
SUMMER COURSE IN LAS '
CRUCES TO IMPROVE METHODS!
After an absence of six weeks In at
tendance at the summer school in La
Crucc3. N. M., the sisters of the Lo
rctto college of Ilisbee have returned
to their home school. This summer
school provides a special course of
work for the pfstcrs of the LoroUo
schools of Arizona, Ttjcas and I-w
Mexico rr.d instructors are in char
; of this course from dif erent hea.luuar -
ters of the order in the west, llesid.'s
these the professors of the New Mex
ico Agricultural 'college and from
Cregiiton collepe of Omaha were nres
tzit ' to give instruction in speci.il
courses.
In this summer work special atten
tion was givn to art and music. In
whih courses the Lorctto is well
known to excel. The Loretto academy '
;hgh school course is sufficient to en-
I " r - iu cum mt- inuiic uui-jlo
I niai school j because of the fact that he has
: The school work of the Loretto ord r j no parents living, and no legallv con
lis growlne rapidlv and extending to;stituted guardian to give consent, and
pi parts o the middle western states.
i The splendid school at Webster
! Groves. Mo , Is onlv a very V w years
. 1 1 i . jn ii .
i un nun mey w in open a ciriee ne.i
I tall ot loretto Heights, nonver.
j The thoroughness and earnestness
: of the sisters and the high ordir "f
I efficiency of their faculties of their
j various, schools have broiht about
j their splendid success. This summer
j course at Ijis Truces, taken by the in
' dcfaticable sister In order to keeD al-
vays abreast and even ahead of ill
j ' snc'clal work rives an Idea of how they
'have earned thdrhigh reputation. The
il.oretto organization is a marvel and
, extends from the highest and most i;n
1 portnnt work of the great order down ,
,o the kast detail, and every school, j although sufficient for the militarv
from the lareest and richest, down to j was not enough fnr the civil authori
ithe "smallest, shows the game care and ties under tlje laws of Arizona, since
tralninh and the name perfect equip-
ment. The mother ceneral of the order
who visited the Bislee school a tew
months ago. is one of the reallv great
vomeu of her tiii!e and cnllinq
Continuous: 1 to 11
r
IN
LAUGH WITH TOTO
Mae
COURT NAMES UVPwT-
GUARDIAN FOR
SOLDIER
IN NO OTHER WAY COULD NUP
TIALS OF PVT. FOWLER AND
! MISS KNOX BE PERFORMED;
l
WHITE GIVES CONSENT AND
BLESSING TO HAPPY PAIR
After running up against several
snags, which delayed his marriage sev
eral days, and almost got him into the
guardhouse at Douglas. I'riv. George
W. Fowler. Troop E. 17th Cavalry, not
yet 21 years of age, and Draytcn Knox,
were married In Tombstone yesterday
afternoon by Judge W. A. Fowler, ac
cording to Attorney D. W. White, of
Douglas, who passed through here en
route home. He accompanied the
. newlyweds to this city.
' It appears that Fowler had been in
the hospital due to an injured hand
and was released and ordered back ;
to duty. Instead of reporting, ui
got the girl of his dreams, donned
civilian clothes, and started for'
Tombstone to be married
But when
he arrived he found that being absent
wit lion t leave was not wnat irounieu
the civil authorities here, but the fact
that he was not vet 21 vears of age
although he has "three years service
pi,, creuu, was tne Dumping post.
last of all being absent without lrav
naturally did not have the consent
of the colonel of his regiment. Rut
i.us u.. n i ,, uiiiu.r, i. i
piucKV soiuier. ior ne inr ins wne
and her mother In Tombstone and
bled himself back to his comniainfi
i
at Douglas. Col. J. D L. Hartmnn 1
and made an open and frank confes
sion of the reason of his ahsence, and
told what he was un against. Instead
of reprimanding him. and ordering'
him to the guardhouse, the good old
colonel gave him forty-eight hours ,
leave of absence in which to get mar
ried, accompanied bv a letter to Clerk
J. K. James, authorising him. as com- 1
wander, to allow the license. But this.
the statutes plainly state that a iHr-
or must have a guardian In case the
parents are dead to give his or her
consent. But this was overconi" bv
l taking the matter to Judge Lockwood, '
mum
(38
In This Play Charles Surpasses His Wcnderful Work of His
rrevbixs Pictures, "THE PINCH HITTER," "THE CLOD"
KCPFER" and "THE SON OF HIS FATHER" Which
Wefo Proclaimed the Best of This Type Ever Presented cn
the Screen.
Aoir.33::n: Children, lCc; Adrlts, IZz; Reserved Seats, 25c
IU1I tL I U I' i . ttlllLtT I 111 III fl.il! If I Y
j gave ins consent ana i)H"singn.
; The license was issued an I FowW
was married to the gill of his choice
leaving on the evening stage for llis
bee, where they will spend their
honeymoon before reporting 'back f .r
duty in forty-eight hours.
As a wedding present the colonel
whispered to the prospective bride
groom that he VoulJ ronsid r extend-
; ing his time at the end of his furlough
if they wanted it. and the couple nu.y
take him up.
E. P. & S. W. OFFICIALS
ARE EXPECTED
. HERE SOON
LEFT EL PASO ON TOUR OF COM
PANY'S PROPERTY THURSDAY
BUT EXACT TIME OF VISIT
HERE HAS NOT YET BtF.N
MADE KNOWN TO PUDLIC !
T. M. Schumaker, president of the
' El Paso & Southwestern Railroad corn-
i pany;
George F. Hawkcs. gnerrl
manager of the railroad, anil Kugene
Fox. traffic manager ot the cojp.r..-
tion. left El Taso last Thursday night
nn A tnur nf Insneetlnn of the qvuIbui
- ,
They are in a special train of private
cars, and. in addition to stopping at j
. Tyrone. V M ., Clifton. Morenci and j
I Tucson, will go to Naco.ari from
; DnUK,as. Thp timP of ,lloir arriva,
hpr(. nas , ,(p,,n a.lnon(.p., ,
it
probably will be within tlo
days.
next threi
RAILROAD HAN '
GIVES GOOD ADVICE
"Several years ago I was unib r
treatment of a stomach seciali-u
for five months, three wer-ks ot whirh
were spent in a hospital. Another
stomach specialist told me I had
gall stones and that an operation wa
necessary. 1 did net wart to have
this. I lost forty-five pounds in welg'i;
TalRing with u btakei-nui one day he
Ann j? it
1 t:Rl
TODAY
J
R' ? 99
THE MOST THRILL-
ADMISSION 15 and 25c
told me of Mayr's Wonderful F.emedy
and since taking it I have gained six
teen pounds, and am feeling fine. I
am advising others to try it." It is a
simple, harmless preparation that re
moves the catarrhal mucus from tfu
intestinal tract and allays the inflam-'
mation which causes practically all
stomach, liver and intestinal ailments,
including appendicitis. One dose will
convince or inrney refunded.
Sold by Ilisbee Drug company. IiJ
bee, Ariz.; Lowell Drug company. Iw
ell. Arte., and druggist everywhere.
Business Locals
I ROCKHILL'S STAGE
RNbee-Tombstone. Leaves PUbao
Btbeo Auto Co.. 7 a. 1:30 p. m. 7
Phone Bin hoe 6. Adv.
j t. I. fi'Irrmn sells the New Filson.
"tie phnr.;r:ip"l ''tth a soul."
DANCE.
A P'ini hn-ce. Warren Pnr"..
Wednesday and Saturday. Admmi--
lon F0 cent. Ladies fre Ad. 7
Dr. Playralr. Osteopath. M Man
Hill. Mason car stop. Phone Iflu
Adv. 1 11
MATERNITY HOWE.
"'l p.l.-iefc R7 fcr terms, etc.
Ivertlsemett J74
rallllrr .,, P;1FPr ,,,,.,,
! q r gpJ'DT
" J'
U0J lr)()
j
Phone 4..S
BISBEE SCHOOL OF MUSIC
Private lessons given on the
stringed and band instruments by com
petent instructors. Satisfaction guar
anteed. Phone .'M.'i.
4 .; E M. IUIOWN. Director.
i ATTENTION. CDD FELLOWS
All Oild Fellows are urgently r--!
quoted to meet at I. O O. F. hall
: Sunday. August II. at 2 p. m. Im
i portant business.
471 LKSTKP. EFSTACE. Sec v
CATARRH
Cr ThE
BLADDER
Hilisrsd !a
( 1
jC. 'V'TT- -""v
24 Hours
i
I MINING
SECTION
SOCIETY
SECTION
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
MINES, MINING, LOCAL STOCKS AND COPPER
VOL. 21, NO. 54.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, AUGUST 11, 1918.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
mm
JULY COPPER PRODUCTION
ESTABLISHES NEW FIGURE
FOR STATE OF ARIZONA
MORE THAN SEVENTY-SIX AND A HALF MILLION POUNDS OF RED
METAL MADE DURING LAST MONTH, EXCLUSIVE OF SHIPMENTS
TO EASTERN POINTS; IS TWO MILLION POUNDS LARGER THAN
JUNE PRODUCTION, ACCORDING TO FIGURES GATHERED AND
PREPARED BY AMERICAN MINING CONGRESS
The production or copper from Arizona smelters in July established a
new record, the total exceeding the highest past record. Eliminating estimate
of half a million pounds formerly accorded to miscellaneous shipments,
mainly of concentrates to Pacific coast and eastern smelters, 7C,G47,613
pounds of copper was made in July. This figure Is the approximate total
pathered by the Arizona Chapter of the American Mining Congress for
Arizona and compares with 74.0S3.023 pounds in June and 76.573.307 pounds
in May. after deducting the estimate of miscellaneous shipments from the
May figures. ,
July results were attained on a 31 day month, as was also the May record.
The figures for the last three months make certain, unforseen interferences
excepted, that Arizona's monthly production for the year will be above
73.000.000 pounds the month, or more than SOO.000.000 pounds of copper.
Practically every pound of Arizona copper is going directly into war usage.
In gain in production ofthe metal for aid in defeating the kaiser, Arizona
miners and mine operators are leading all copper production divisions of the
world by a liberal margin. The July record, in the face of unusual heat and
some other untoward conditions is a particularly brilliant record for the
Arizona men both above and below the surface in the copper industry and a
splendid confirmation of the claims which have been made that patriotism
is more responsible than the dollar for the Arizona record in the present year.
Money being earned by the Arizona producers of copper on their output
is materially less than the earnings of 1917 and 1916. Wages being earned
by the operatives of Arizona mines are the highest in the history of any
mining division in the world in connection with the employment of large
bodies of men. but their profits on their labor are not proportionately high,
although greater than since 1916. While advances in wages have more than
met increased cost of living, advances in copper price have not equaled the
advances in charges of various kind. In addition, copper producers are
delivering considerable metal contracted for before the government advanced
the price from 231& cents. Some of these contracts cover a number of months
production.
Approximate figures on Arizona copper production in July follow:
J". Pounds
Arizona Copper Co. 4.000.000
Fhelps Dodge (Douglas) ; .'...1 7.000.000
Shannon Copper Co . 794,223
Arizona Commercial 530.000
Iron Cap Copper Co. 1.000.000
T'nited Verde Copper Co 6.710.000
Old Dominion 2.533.000
Cansolidated Arizona Smelting 1.430,000
A. S. & R. (Arizona ores) v. 15.000.000
Miami Copper Co 4.793.000
Phelps-Dodge fMorenci) . 1,530.000
New Cornelia Copper Co 3.900.OO0
ALLIED AIRMEN MtlVE HUN CIVILIANS INTO WILD PANIC;
DIIOP TONS OF BOMBS INTO MANNHEIM AND COLOGNE
Inspiration Copper Co.
Magma Copper Co. ) Included in A. S. & R.
Ray Consolidated )
United Verde Extension
Shattuck Arizona
Denn Arizona
Calumet & Arizona .
Total
8.792,976
3,100.000
672,024
54S.1SS
4.214.000
76.C47.613
The most encouraging feature in the ,
analvsis of copper production figures ! found that there is reason to expect
for the record month of Julv in Ari-I0n th,f" ,!eVe': wi" L bAe entere1 as
.one of the big mines of Arizona,
zona seems to be the showing of in-1 Calumet & Arizona development
crease in metal made by the two Idivision became interested in Denn
youngest producers in the list Denn : findings earlv this year bv reason or
Arizona in the Warren district, andore lorated bV Denn next to the June
Iron Cap in the Globe district. j(ion ilne jn tbe COurse of exploration
Denn crossed the half million pound ;out that wav ln ltg 140 jevel Thp
marie wnne iron lap made a million
pounds. Both of these outputs reflect
the spirit of patriotism and determina
tion to do all possible in Arizona in
aid of the supply of war metal and er-
gardless of high cost and other obsta-
established alertness and enterprise
of C. & A.'s engineering department
immediately led to the undertaking of
research in the area from the 16o0 ol
the Junction. This work is understood
to have advanced sufficientlv to ex
the joint efforts of Denn and C. & A.
in the new zone will be productive of
much importance to the district. De
velopment has not gone far enough to
warrant a broader statement than this.
YABA COPPER COMPANY
OPENS BISBEE OFFICE
cles which would sidetrack enterprise ,Pnd encouragement to the be"lief that
uiiuer any oiner conuitlons.
Denn has had expenditure of nearly
two million dollars for development
since a year ago. It made its material
showing in production in May with
264.000 pounds, increasing to 343.000
pounds in June and jumping this up by
more than 200.000 pounds in July. Un
der normal conditions, Denn would be
blocking out and throwing nil
into the development division instead witn a historv dating back to the
of engaging in production. Under war 'time when the Indians roamed over the
conditions it is crowding both produc-; rountrv, an old copper mine near the
flop and development. Practically the j United Verde is at last to be develop-
i-niii-- niiudtiiin prevails wnn iron i ap,
which jumped its production from 500,
000 pounds in May to R5O.OO0 pounds
In June and to 1.000.000 pounds in July.
It is digging into splendid territory and
like Denn will further extend itself.
Denn had two million dollars in
vested in it prior to resumption of de
velopment in June of 1917. The mon
ey has been in the property since
1904 and has earned not a cent of re
turn to the investors in either princi
ple or interest. Its production at pres
ent is a little better than paying the
current costs of development. The
latter Is mainly directed at the present
time on the 1600 level. No effort has
ed if present plans of A. J. Carroll.
owner of the claim, materialize.
A company called the Yaba Copper
company has been formed and permis
sion granted by the Arizona Corpora
tion Commission to sell a small block
or stock to produce funds to develop
the property. Samples have assayed
around $700 in copper, silver and lead
and Mr. Carroll is confident that the
mine will prove to be a valuable pro
ducer. The present owner, who is an old ex
perienced mining man and prospector,
purchased tho claim from an old In
dian who located it in 1S7S. Mr. Car
roll h:m nnpnpil offices in flin Allen
I..-.-M Mureu to pusn mroueii on tnis,nioek and will remain in Hishee for a
level to connection that it is believed j rew ,iilVs interviewing local men who
will be establis-'ied-with the ore bodies are interested in the property.
from which extraction is now being1
made on the 1400 and 1300 levels. The I LEAVES FOR HAY
work has been in hard country, but un-1 ZURICH. July 2. Children In Win
der the stimulus of bonus payments were last week employed in stri
has been going fast. July attainments ping the leaves from trees and bushes
are considered to have equalled and ; in tl1(1 public parks for conversion into
probably exceeded the very best pre- hay. according to the Munich Post,
viously accomplished in any property ; wl.ich fays that this is necessary ow
in the district under conditions of . Ing to the lack of fodder for army
near similar character. If the ore is! horses.
iQ :
-HvL ;. '- HV
f v - v - -
! FlflN CUT Ail
! ' IX COSTS
A.S.O.0WHS
S1LVERBELL
PROPERTIES
I Advance in Wages Amounted ' Guggenheim interests
to 45 Per Cent; in the Same
Period Staples Advanced j
35.1 Per Cent
AC
QUIRE FULL OWNERSHIP OF IM
PERIAL COPPER COMPANY
MINES. ACCORDING TO AN
NOUNCEMENT MADE
(n :r- - v;.-s.
i( -r
: s -si
... s
JI
Huge Rritih airplane making ready
for a raid into the enemy's coun
try, and French soldiers preparing
aerial torpedoes for a raid. j
The Germans who so gaily started i
the practice of inakins: air raids on 1
enemy cities far behind the linos I
now "bittorlv regret they ever in-
vented this method of warfare. For
the allies are heating them at their
own came. Most allied air bombers
select the cities of Cologne and
Mannheim for their targets, and
thee towns are being" slowly laid in
ruins. The people of Colotrne and
Mi-nnheim have petitioned the Ber
lin, government to enter if possible
into an agreement with the allies to
discontinue on both sides the prac
tice of bombarding enemy, towns
from the air. The kaiser knows such
an agreement will never be made.
HISTORIC CHARLESTON ill THROES GF COME
BACK INTO MINING FIELD AFTER MANY
YEARS OF ENFORCED IDLENESS
MIAMI. Ariz.. Aug. 10. Wage in
crease in the Glnlie-Miami district
from September of 191". to July 24 of
this year represeiiM a total advance
i f 4.V , .
Increase in price between ti'e same
dates on an adequate list :f staples to
provid" a normal table fare, represents)
a total of r..".l'.. This is in compari-j
sen with an advance during the same'
period in Ixis Angeles prices of Z' r .
.Most potable of all is the showing
made in the Globe-Miami district fig
ure of an actual decline in retail pric
es between March 1 cf this year and
the present time of 9.1'.. This decline
has been in the face of steady ad
vance made by wholesalers. It is the
direct result of the cutting off by
C.!cbe-M;ami retailers of solicitors and
(b liverv service. Decreased buying
by the public has resulted and it has j
saved money in this way above the,
9', gain. Inconvenience at first com-j
plained of has been replaced by gra'i-1
fication with the money gain. i
The fi
CONTINUE OPERATIONS
ORE RESERVES KNOWN NOT TO
BE LARGE BUT NEW MANAGE
MENT HOPES TO INCREASE
THESE IN FUTURE AND WILL
CONTINUE PRODUCTION
ANANEA OUTPUT MAKES
NEW RECORD IN JULY
j TrcSOX, Aug. :i Full ownership
of the Imperial Copper Co. at Silver
j hell and the subsidiary properties of
i the Sasco smelter end the Arizona
j Southern railway, an industrial lir.e
1 which serves the two. was acquired
i Monday by ti e American Smeltins
! Refining company. It is announced
I by Julius Kruttschnitt. Jr.. southwest
lern manager. The Guggenheim com
pany already had a per cent inter
est. It is reported that the consider-
ation for the remaining per cent
CLAIMS WORKED FOR SILVER IN OLD DAYS NOW SHOW EVIDENCES
OF BEARING MANGANESE AN D OTH ER ORES MUCH SOUGHT
AFTER DURING WAR TIMES AND PROSPECTORS ARE
BEGINNING TO LOOK AT GROUND WITH
MUCH FAVOR; SOME WORK BEING DONE
Historic Charleston, which in the
early 'SO's formed the background Tor
a romance of no mean proportions auu
ras the home of hundreds of men en
gaged in the production of silver.
shows sinns of coming back into act-
, high wages, such was not the case.
'Common labor appears to have been
paid about a shift. Skilled workers
made from $4 to ?r. a shift, with one or
two men. presumably foremen, getting
$i! a shift. One man. probably the
The July output of the Cananea
Consolidated Copper company wa
more than five million pounds, be
ing approximately o.Ovl.OOO pounds
of copper, according to arrivals in
Hishee during the week. This is
reported to exceed all previous ree
ords cf tiie last five years. All of
the ore treated came from the Four
("s properties in Cananea or at
I mn: is.
just issued by B. I?. von Senden fe.ler- j whjch ,as pai(j to tne ps,ate of Frank
j:ai io:u amine. isiraur iit u.i;i v uuii' i jij-phv
jjwho undertook to ascertain the exact I "
glacis as 10 i.iooe-.uiann prices upon rie
i request or me employes oi u.e .mam. sn,iter win be continued as hereto-
ii op per i o. anu me nispira; ion upper frir .!.,. rh,n. in
LILY MINE WORKING
TO DEVELOP ITS
ORE BODIES
deceased, was about $!-.".
operation of the mines and
nersonnel or
Co. The rood administrator went into i nelicv. Mr Kruttschnitt stnt.l The
the books and behind the counters or,A s & R a0,uiirpd tnp operating
retailers, checking his findings with , richts of the Imperial Copper Co. and
bills of lading and receipts from jts subsidiaries which owned the smel
whclesalers. between the dates of , ter aild rairoa(j . jn March . 19K, . rrom
March 1.- 1917 and July 25. 1918. At 1 10 Gcldschmidt. :io had bid them
the same time he went into freight jn for the amount of the receiver's
rates as prevailing between different ! certificate The resumD'ion cf n-
l points in Arizona and eastern and ! eratkms of Jhe mines and smelter two
Pacific coast points from which ret." il-; years ago was the source of great sat
ers receive supplies, and into all other j isfacticn in Tucson.
matters of cost of conduct of business. small interest owned by George
was associated with
the original promo
; now superintendent
Southern railway.
The investigation was the dirc
outgrowth of reports which had be
crme cf general circulation among
Globe-Miami workmen that exorbitant
prices were being charged by the re-
YV. Pietz. who
Mr. Murphy in
tion and who i:
of the Arizona
amounting to one per cent, was pur-
I tfdlers and high profits being earned. ! chased at this time by the A. S. & R
i These reports had gained such curren-! The Murphy interests comprised thi
ive production, not only of silver and manager or superintendent, was paid
lead but of manganese and vanadium.
With these two ores in view several
people have gone out from F.isbce re-
centlv and much ground that for many
years had Iain vacant was relocated.
Pioneers in the new field of endea
vor which is hoped and expected to
revive this once great district, were
Dr. W. E. Hankin of this city. William
Freyne and Michael Gredell. the two
latter being at work on a group of
claims they have located. Their work
consists not so greatly in development
of new ground as the prospecting of
the numerous shallow workings goug
ed all over the hills to see what they
can uncover. On the dumps arouin'
the mouths of these old shafts, each
of which figured in the old days in the
receipts of the mil! at Charleston, are
several tons or rock which nncht pay
well ir sorted and shipped to the
smelter. Manganese in "flower" form
has been found in a number of the
rocks.
Old prospect shrifts pit the hii's on
every side. Some of them evidently
were considerable workings in the old
days, extending several hundred feet
into the bowels of the earth. Howev
er, time has had its way with them
and in many instances slides of earth
and rock have covered up whatever
mineralization may have shown.
Charleston is another of the old
"ghost cities" of the western mining
days. In the old mill, long disman
tled because the low price of silver
made its operation unprofitable, have
been discovered pay roll sheets, en
tries of shipments from proper ts
long since abandoned and other his
torical data of the district. The sa'n
ment receipts show that some of the
claims now held by Or. Hankin and
his associates once were active sh'P-
DCTS OI SIM ei-i'-iMI wn-. i. - t:iv mi.i.j
Knew me oistrici in 'lie oin tiajs
agrees that it was net worked out or
anything like it. When in the early
90's silver fell to "S cents, during
Grover Cleveland's second administra
tion, silver camps came to a halt.
Todav. silver has gone up again and
properties that have Iain idle for thir
ty years are bcinc re-onened. a!l ovr
the country. In the Charleston dis
trict chloride of si'ver and galena car
rying some silver although with a hea
vy preponderance or lead, have been
opened up ill fair sied veins. These
comprise an additional reason why the
old district is coming back.
A pav roll sheet, recently found in
the mill by Ir. Hankin. bears the date
of December. IS'?. It shows that
though modern fable leads to the be
lief that in the old davs in the silver
camps men were paid exceptionally
a saiary of ?.:u per monui.
The sheet is interesting in compari
son wi;h present day wages. It should
be remembered that every ounce of
food in those days had to be brought
in by team and freight was high, much
higher than today.
Sheuld the eld camp revive, as
seems possible, ample rail facilities
for shipping ore or receiving supplies,
will lie afforded by the trackage of
the El aso Southwestern railroad,
running not more than half a miie
NACO-HAUL-
WACON ROAD BUILT INTO
ZARI AND TRUCK NOW
ING ORE THERE FOR SHIPMENT
HOIST AND COMPRESSORS IN
STALLED RECENTLY TO EXPE
DITE WORK
from the present
rone and about a mile and a quarter
by road from the Hankin property.
Another group of claims in the dis
trict which are sr.id to have been de
veloped past the prospective stage, be
long to Robert Sasse of this city. T0
v. ork is being done on this property a."
present, however.
During the last three or four weeks,
net less than a dozen locations
been made in this district, if reports
are to lie credited. This revival of
interest looks good for the immediate
future.
The Eily mine, five ni'les west of
Xacozari. now is operating with excel
lent outlook for ultimate success, ac-
cy and belief that serious dissatisfac
tion was extant. The food adminis
trator in his report unhesitatingly
charges German propaganda with the
currency which the exaggeration gain
ed, concluding with the following in
struction :
"Now. as loyal American citizens, it
is your dutv to act as follows: IF A
I MAN OR WOMAN TELLS YOU ANY
THING A POET FOOD OR ANY
THING ELSE WHICH SEEMS PAT
IENTLY CNF, -AIR. stop hi;n risht there
land PIN
HE GOT
ether .1 per cent.
"We Jope to make permanent cper
ations of the mines."' said Mr. Kru't
schnitt. "by development work As
most of the ores smelted at Sasco
come from Silver Pell it is very doubt
ful if the smelter could operate inde-
jpendently of the mines "
j The mines were assessed J9O0.0Urt
i by the state tax commission this year,
a valuation lised on their earning
for the previous year. The smelter
'assessment is around I4i)0.0"l0 and the
HIM DOWN AS TO WH ERE ! railroad is assessed at about s.'ooo a
ins tvmRM vtiov trace It i mile, with a length of 2;: miles, or
known mineralized cording to C. V. Cain of the Moctezu-
m Copper company, who has been in
the city for several days visiting hs
family. J. M Harvey is the manager
of tho property.
A wagon road recently was oom
Pleted between the mine and Nacozari
and a large truck hs been put to
work hauling ore and supplies. Ship
ments have been made to the Douglas
smellers, showing the company ore to
be a good grade of copper.
The main shaft now is down about
ltd feet and sinking continues. At
the snm time a tunnel is being drift-
down to see if it is perhaps German
propaganda. THEN. DON'T PASS IT
ON YOIT.SEI.F. I?FT REPORT IT
TO THE PROPER AI'THORITIES."
The food administrator concludes
his report uith interes'ing tables of
present prices in Globe-Miami and oth
er mining districts and cities of the
state, and of Los Angeles, of which
the following is tbe compilation:
.ed into th" mountain to cut the ore
JVflUSJ'P ibodv openeH by the shaft. On the op
posite ski.' oi ine mountain oiner
shafts have cpened hir'i grade ere. giv
ri COTP MEll nmPCDC ' inc 1,10 impression that the company
LLLUlU llLlI UlllULnU ,l:,s nlmt a mountain of ore at its
I command. 1
I A hoist recently was installed at
the main shaft, while two tasoline
comnres.-ors give sufficient drill pow
er to drive the development and min
ing operations forward at a rapid pace
SALT LAKE CITY. I lah. Aug. 10
An important announcement was marcc '
here today when it was officially gi'-l
en out by the Montana-Wyoming Oi!
coaip .ny that Noble Wairum. postmasj
tor ot Salt 1-ike. and Timothy F. Shea!
of Jerome. Arizona , bad boon added .
to the Hoard of Directors of that com-1
pany.
Tin1 addition of th"se nu n to ihe i
cles of the big copper and gold sta;e.
It is understood that Mr. Shea's con
neetions with the Montma-Wyoming
Oil company in Cal'fornia. Wyoming !
and Montana.
Every effort is now heme ma le for ! Bacon
j Miami Clifton
rtacon M .HO
Ham r.o r.o
I Lard 9". .9".
Scanned Milk 12." .1.1
I Rice 12
! Parley Flour 1.9." 2.r.
I Pink IVans 125 .1L'3
Ios
' Presoott Angeles
j Paeon fiO .V.
I Ham CO .SO
Lard 9." .415
! Canned Milk 127,
Rice i:t .14
Parley Flour 2.20
Pink Peans 2T
A comparison made with the prices
of the cooperative store at Ajo on the
same date is quoted by the admliiis-
$4i-'."O0.
The Silverhell mines yielded mil
lions of dollars of ore when operate !
by the Imperial Copper Co. which
went bankrupt when extraction caught
up with development. Its ore reserves
at present are known not to be lar?e
but their possibilities have not been
definitely exhausted.
The smelter was owned
Southern Arizona Smelting
holding company was the
ment Company cf America.
pliy. under whose genius the exten
sive operations of the holding com
pany were condin ted. died at Iks
heme in Presoott about a year aeo
The purchase will have no effect on
the litigation of the bankrupt eompan
ies. as the litigation has been completed.
bv the
Co. The
M ir-
LUDEN DORFF HARD WORKER
trator as follows:
Gh
ectorate oi this l ull corpoiaiion extensive development or the com-
in, ans much for the future of the i pany s properties in the Midway Sun
comnar.v, as it completes one toe d field of California. There are twr.
j strongest boards of any oil company 1 W,'II' ' " be property, both in
in the state oi Ft:;!i. 1 ,,,p nroducinc class, and plans for the
The board of directors of th." .Moil-: drilling of well No ?, have practically
tana Wv ing Oi! company is nay. , "en completed. Ibis well will he
! drilled in w hat nil experts claim Is
gusher territory, and It is the expec
tations
company
composed of Ex-Governor Win. Spry,
president; Jud.'o Thomas V.-irioncaiiv,
v ice -president : . A. Shepherd, secre
tary: ";. L. Cor.ely, treasurer; A. It.
Carstepsen. managing director; and
Noble Warnini and Timothy F. Shea,
directors.
Mp Shea, who became i'ltere.-ted i'l
the Montana-Wyoming Oil company
after a geologist had examined the
company's biddings, is from Jerome.
Arizona, and represents strong finan
cial interests troin that state. He is
a huge stockholder of the Fniied Ver
de Extension, and is Considered a
piomiip id factor ill the business cir-
l!,im
Lard
Egsrs
I utter
Cheese
Corn meal
Rice
In relation to thi
ef the cooperative
that with depth another gush-1 (lends at stated intervals
ho-Miaml Aio
... .."
. .40 .40 I
. .9.". .9.". j
r.o .no j
. t'.o . j
.n;.". .nr.n :
.K.r. .14 '
I Correspondence of Associated Prp'n
AMSTERDAM. Julv IS Oener.-.l
von l.uden lorff is said to be one ot
the hardest workers in the Cennn.i
army, often remaining at his office
! more than eighteen hours a dav. K'tr'
Kosner. a German war correspondent.!
in the I'.erlin Lntsal Anzolger. says:
General von Ludendorf is daily a?
his desk a 7::w a. m. and works un-il
1 o'clock in the morning. His d-ulv
l.Jior is broken only by short meal
tin es, a uiiick walk and a rapid motor
trip to one of tbe armies."
Ajo prices, patron?
store receive dii-
whie'i de-
the actual cost of their pur
er will he brought in In the now noted crease
.it in ay -.-Minsei nem. chases. f
I The annullmcnt of free delivery and
solicitors in the Globe-Miami district
i beginning with .March of this yeari
! brought the lollowing startling ehaiig- Eggs
es in prices as of dale of March 1 and Putter
ROYAL ENGAGEMENT
BRAZIL SUILDS PLANES
(Correspondence of .Associated Press
WASHINGTON. July l." . The first
airplane factory in South America de
signed to build airships commercially
has been established at Sao Pauli.
Prail. The first was built b Se
bastian Carani and is reported a
cess.
(Correspondence of ssoeiated Press!
AMSTERDAM. July :!0. Accnr iiin
to tin Dro-ilner Naelu icliten . the en
gagement was announced recently ot
the Crown Prince Geotire of Saxony lo
tbe Duih.'-s Maria Amelia or Wurlt-cniher-:.
dauciiter of Pul," Albrecht ol
Wurttciuhorg.
.sr.
0
July 14:
March
191S
Ham ;,7.".
Paeon r.:::;
Laid 1.10
Cheese li
July 1 1 Flour . I'Tfi
191
.1.0
.9"
Corn meal ...
Rice
Suear
Milk
8S
.142
.10
.15
.ro
.fio
.40
.073
.To
.1i2
.10
425 THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, AUGUST 11, 1918.
TWO
Mining and Financial News
CY REVIEW LtASCD WIRE
NtW YOKK, Ails. 10. Shorts were
apain driven to cover in to.lay's brief
slack mnikft st ssion, the further re
treat ot the Germans causing anotner
uprui-h in the more distinctive types
of equipments and war shares. Unit-'J
S'.aics Steel displayed much cf its re
cent igor at a steady advance of 12
points to lK-. its top price since lait
May. Other active stocks at gains
ol substantial fractious to 2 points
were Bethlehem and Crucible Steels,
-Baldwin Locomotive, Anaconda cop
per. United Cigars and shippings.
Rails retained their recent backward
ness and the more volatile special
ties were represented by General .Mo
tors at a five point decline. Sales
amouniej to 2-5.00 shares. U
Actual bank loans increased by $15-,-Ofi',0i'0,
making a total increase of
?11'5. 000,000 in the past three weeks.
Bends wen strong, Paris sixes gained
a pcint and Liberty Issues stiflening
on the sustained strength of the 3'i's.
Total sales, par value. $3,075,000. Unit
ed States bonds were unchanged on
call during the week.
GRAIN
CHICAGO, Aug. 10 Pronounced
setbacks in the price or corn resulted
today from excellent weather condi
tions and ircm the allied victories in
France. The market closed weak, 2
to 3J4c net lower with September
$1.5S7 to $l.o9' and October VI CO'
to $1601. Oats lost 1C to
In provisions there were gains of 7 to
40 cents.
General selling pressure which kept
the corn market almost constantly on
downgrade seemed to come abojt
chiefly through the outlook far crop
improvement. On the other hand car
shortage complaints attracted consid
erable attention and so too did the
'smallness of receipts here. Liberal re
ceipts and expected deliveries on con
tracts weakened oats. Arrivals for
the week were nearly double the cor
responding total last year. Export
demand was lacking.
Strength in the hog market gave,
provisions life. Some buying of lard
was ascribed to packers.
NEW YORK METAL MARKET
NtV; YORK, Aug. 10. Bar silver,
unchanged.
NEW YORK COTTON MARKET
NEW YOKK, Aug. 10. Cotton closed
at $30.33.
WEEKLY BANK STATEMENT
NEW YORK, Aug. 10- The actual
condition of clearing house, banks and
trust companies for the week sho-vs
tha; tney hold $40,833,380 reserves in
exusj rf !f?l -equirenumts. This is
a decrease oi $i4,3i2,iilu fiom last
week. .
NEW YORK
(L. J. Ov eft LOCK, Broker)
C'csing Q-ctitions, Aug. 13, 1918
Anac.T.da. 65 '.a
Aiiieriam Cau
American Car So'i
American Locomotive, 67 li
American San Iter 7SMA
American Su?ar 110:,ii
Baldwin Locomotive S5-,li
Bethlehem Steel "B" So
C. k O , u6',s
C. F. & 1 47
Crucible Steel 69
Distillers' Securities 59
Eiie U7s
Goodrich 4i
General Motors 14S
InJustrial Alcohol 12ST
Lackawanna S4?2
iiarine 27 '4
.Marine, Pfd 100
J! id vale 53 i
MiXican Petroleum lO-Vfe
New York Central 72'i
Northern Pacific
Reading 89
Rep. Stee. 93:"4
Studebaker 45M,
Steel 112
St. Paul 45'
goutiif-rn Pacific 85"n
Texas Oil 153'4
Union Pacific 122'4
U. S. Marine 42
United Motors 32'4
Wcstinghouse 41 ?i
BOSTON
Adventure 60
Ailotiez 4'J
Alaska
' American Zinc 17";i
Anzona Com'l 15'
Butte 25
Calumet & Hecla 450
aCl .mot Kar...c .
Chile
b.:ti i!:tte
''Jra:iliy
i :('t ie Cai:anea
Guldf'eld :
liaiuotk
Indiana
Inspiration
Kcnnecott
Keweenaw
Lake
i LaSa'.le
;Mii:mi
'.Mohawk
; Nevada
North Hutte
Nippisir.g
Cld Dominion ..
Osceola
Pond Creek
Qdiiicy
Ray Con
1 Shattuck
Shannon
Superior Boston
Ft. .Marys
Utah Con
! Utah Copper
inona
4S
78
0
on
52 '4
34'j,
1
j '-j
2'.
2S
r7 "
20
IV,
s-
40
50
1S2
69
24
16
4
2H
51
9
81
AMERICAN INSTITUTE
OPENS IN DENVER
SEPTEMBER 1
FINAL PLANS FOR WAP. WORK
CATHERiNC OF MINING ENGIN
EERS IN MILE HIGH CITY FORM
ULATED: WILL BE VERY BUSY
SESSION, JUDGING BY PROGRAM
CURBS
Arkansas 4- Arizona
Arizona Ring
Aiizona Silver King ,
I !g l.dge
Butte & London ,
Ca!umt & Jerome
Cornelia ,
Con. Copper
Con. Arizona ,
Curtiss
Denn ,
Dundee,
Emma
Federal Oil
Gadsien
Green Monster
Grand Island
Hull
Howe Sound
Hecla
Jerome Verde '
Jerome Victor
Magma Copper
Magma Chief
Miami Con
Okmulgie
Pitts-Jerome . . .k.
Porphyry
Ray Hercules
Tom Reed 1
Tuolumne
United Eastern . .'
Verdo Extension
Verde Combination
Wolverine Arizona
West End
White Caps
Wright Martin
2
1
11
1
1S'4
V
14.
36
9
o
23
11
57
4 '4
i,
Vt
31
17
2
3
36
60
4 '4
3
37vi
1
1
29
914
CATMAN
(By Collins . Brtherton)
Bid
Argo 04
Adams
Arizona Rex
Ari.:-Tom R 02
Big Jim Con 04
Buundry Cone
Gold Ore 04
(Cold Road Ban
Gold Cliff
Lucky Boy
Sunnysida 02
Ttliuride 04
United Eastern 3.62
United Northern
Red Lion
OTHER CURBS
Gadsoen
Green Monster
Hutte London
Dundee
Venture Hill '. "
Pitts-Jerome
Jerome Verde
Ark-Arizona
Jerome Portland
In-t-Needles
Hul! Copper
Jlatma Chief
Woiverine Arizona
Verde Combination ..
.MiBii C'onso'iilatc-d . .
Nacczari Consolidated
Ccn. Copper Mines . . .
Porphyry
Ca'r. met & Jerome ...
leather River
2.50
.44
.11
.36
.50
.07
Ask
.02
.15
.'15
.07
.02
.05
.02
.15
03
.03
07
3.Y5
.02
.15
2.75
.50
.16
l.'iO
.04
.40
.62
.08
.17
.12
.b0
.20
1.75
.69
Final i.l.ms for the war work niert-
- - . i . ; !... ;..., f lin.
nig ci ine .ineiiuii nipumic w ......
ng Engineers throughout the mining
sections of Colorado which opens Sep
iember 1st. were made public today.
The meeting will convene in Denver
Aith registration oil September 1st.
Throughout the week, one day will be
spent in Denver, Colorado Springs.
Cripple Creek, Pueblo and one day w ill
bo given over to an automobile trip to
Pike-s Peak and a visit to the Golden
Cycle Mills in the vicinity of Colorado
Springs.
The mining engineers' meeting Is
planned to stimulate further coopera
tion in the prosecution of the war on
t.ie part of technical mining men ev
eiy where. 'Subjects of a distinct war
character will be discussed with a
view to finding aids in solving the
fuel and mineral problems, never ot
more importance Uian at present. Le
tween forty and fifty technical sub
jects will be discussed. Some of these
are:
The Byproduct Coke Oven and its
Products.
Development of the Coke Industry
in Colorado. Utah and New Mexico.
The Possible Existence of Deep-seated
Oil Deposits on the Gulf Coast.
The Manufacture of Ferro-alloys in
the-Electric Furnace.
Electrostatic Precipitation.
The Effect of Oxygen upon the Pre
cipitation of Metals from Cyanide So
lutions. Roasting for Amalgamating and Cjr
aniding Cripple Creek Sulphotc-lluride
I Gold Ores.
Pyrite Deposits of Leadville" Colora
do. Molybdenite Operations at Climax,
! Colorado.
The social features of the meeting
which is the 117tli in tJie history or
the Institute, inolude automobile trips
to the various sections visited, a din-
iner at the Denver Country Club, a re
ception and dance at the Broadmoor
Hotel, Colorado Springs, and a ban
quet on the closing night cf the con
vention, September 6th, at the same
hotel.
Those committees not heretofore an
nounced are as follows:
Cripple Creek: Thomas B. Crowe,
E. B. Arthur, N. S. Greenf elder, A. E.
Carlton, B. F. Hill, J. G. Willis.
! Colorado Springs (Finance): A. E.
j Carlton, Spencer Penrose, George M.
Taylor, A. L. Bloomfield, treasurer.
! (Registration) Loren C. Lennox, Hor
!ace V. Lunt, J. M. Tippett. (Arrange
ment and Entertainment) George M.
Taylor. J. D. Hawkins, A. E. Carlton.
I A. L. Bloomfield, Thomas B. Crowe,
H P. Arthur, Etienne A. Ritter.
j Pueblo: J. F. Welborn. H. B. Car
! penter, L. B. Eames, P. Robinson.
BRAZIL PORBIDS GERMAN
Mil MRS. BOY
AVOIDED M
OPEBAT
i
o !
06
.02 .05 ; i '
.35 th,:
5.oo 5.25 : A i.. -,i
60 -65 f
1.00 1.12 I , l j ,
.12 III! .
City Dye Works
Cleaning and Pressing
Phone 733
Opp. Y. W. C. A.
ere it Is
1
Canton, Ohio. "I suffered from a
female trouble which coueel mo much
t-uileri.-i.'T, and two
doctors decided
that 1 would hivo
to pa through an
opt ration bci'oro 1
C0lh:l gatWciL
" My mctLcr, who
had been helped by
LyJian Finkhair.'s
Vegetable Com
pound, advised r.ia
to try it Lcforo sub
mitter. ,t to an opera
tion. It relieved me
from rjy troubles
T cm do rr.y hour.e work vithout any
difficulty. I advice any woman who is
afT!icti:a with femoio troubles to give
Lydia E. Pir.kham's Verjetiblo Ccm
rnurid a trir.l and it will do ..3 much fr
them.' Mrs. MaR'E B'."-, 1421 tlh
St, N. E., Canton, Ohio.
Somet:me3 then; ara serious condi
tions where a hospital operation is LV
only alternative, but on the other hand
so many women have been cured by this
famous root and herb remedy, Lydia E.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, after
doctors have said that an operation was
necessary every wcr.-.an wfco wants
to avoid an operation should pivo it a
fair trial befcro ruhmittins to cuch a
tryirg ord-cl.
If complications extat, write t I ydia
E. Finkhim Medicine Co., Lynn, Mass.,
for advice. The result of many years
expeviicncc h at your service.
(Correspondence of Associated Press)'
WASHINGTON, July 30 The Ger- j
r.iaa language- as a basic language in'
;:h :ua.i- schools of Santa Catharina, !
t'razii. l.as been forbi lden, arcordin? ;
to n(Ii:cs reaching Washington. The'
authorities have decided to permit the:
tej'ching o! Get man in the curriculum,!
hut Portuguese is ord red as the basic '
language in ad schools, public and prt
'ate. in a single district of Sania '
Catharina there were, before Brazil!
declaird war. 134 German schools !
where nothing but German was spoken, j
NEW CHILEAN INDUSTRY
(Correspondence of Associated Press) j
WASHINGTON. July 30. Anions (
the new industries established in Chile
as a result of the European war and
'rh consequent scarcity of ships to
supply South American demands is a I
large fire brick foundry at Las AnM
tuas. near Valdivja. The foundry ia ;
equipped, it is reported, with the latest !
modern machinery, hag two furnaces
?nd p daily capacity at present of
1000 bricks. I
JEROME Jercme Verde has start
ed a heading in order to prospect the
mineralized zone recently cut by a
diamond drill.
REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS
FOOLING WITH .
HEALTH SERIOUS
I have frequently asked druggists
"What do you push In a blood medi
cine?" The answer usually came
"The kind I can make the most mon
ey on." My answer has always been
"Not me." I have succeeded pretty
well and I have always recommended
the one that I had, found by experience
to be the best and the one I would be
willing to take myself or give to mem
bers of my own family. I have never
offered the public a medicine that we
do not use at home. This is why I
can offer "Number 40 For The Bloo;i."
with a clear conscience; we have not
only tried It on thousands cf others
but on ourselves. We take it in ail
cases where a blood medicine is need
ed no matter in what form it show.i
itself and we get splendid results in
constipation, kidney, stomach and liv
er troubles. I firmly believe if every
one would begin in the spring and take
"Number 40" they would escape ma
laria and fevers in all forms. J. C.
Mendenhall. 40 years a druggist, Ev
ansville, Ind.
Sold by Central Pharmacy, Bisbee.
Arizona; Lowell Drug Co., Lowell, Arizona.
y ... co -lfl''r-N-V'.
Montana wroa-o.l co T;;
I PITR01EUM FINANCETCO' ft c .
A,.'. Jj g J ' fflk -
r
The Drink Supreme
DRAVO, a pure, cereal, non-intoxicating beverage filb
the need for a non-into:acating drink. It quenches thirst,
relieves fatigue and puts vim into work and pleasure.
ERAVO is a drink for everybody.
In Bottles and on Draught
BUXTON-SMITH COMPANY
Local Distributors
Advance Styles
Of Fashionable Fall Suits,
Skirts and Tailored Dresses
made to order. A perfect fit
guaranteed.
Tailors' and Drcv.makrrs
Supplies, Remodrlin?:, Re
fitting, Hemstitching and
Plaiting.
FRUITMAN'S
Ladies' Tailor and Importer
Phone 74
(OFDosits Cerfal School)
Yab
The Arizona Corporation Commission does not recommend the
stock, bonds or other securities offered for Bale by this or any otbor
company.
By order of the ARIZONA CORPORATION COMMISSION.
A Statement
In Regard to the
aCopperCo
PROPERTY
By A. J. CARROLL
"I was the owner of this property for several years
and have shipped quite a lot of good ore from the sur
face, and have refused several good offers to sell, and
for money to develop this property.
"But the monied guy wants the control and I will "not
give that. It is my opinion as well as the opinion of
other old time mining men and engineers of mines that
this property will produce the largest bodies of ore and
the richest ore that has ever been found in Arizona at
a sulphide depth. The reason for the above opinions:
The formation was one time a diorite porphyry and
at some time became badly . disturbed, changing the
rock from diorite porphyry to a diabase and diabase
schist, leaving massive dykes and veins and cross
fissure. Then oxidation and leaching had occurred to
an enormous extent. This indicates that large bodies of
rich ore should be found at depth. The United Verde
mine was a cross fissure and I claim this property which
is located 1 5 miles south of the United Verde and 7
miles from the Humboldt Smelter, has a stronger
cross fissuring than the United Verde had. I have
been in Arizona since 1877 and have been engaged in
mining a greater part of that time. I camped with the
locaters of the United Verde mine in the ground the
winter of 1 880 when they started to do the first assess
ment work and I was there when the first company
worked in 1 882 and 1 883, and I was there in 1 889 when
Senator Clark took hold of it for three years. I am not
a graduate of a school of mines, but I have had years
of experience and I believe I know a surface indication
for a mine when I see it. Nothing is lacking in the
make-up of this property to make good in the opinion
cf a great many miners and experienced mining men
that I have had on the ground. I am now endeavoring
to finance this property for development. I have some
ore samples with me here, some of which I have had
assayed here in Bisbee run in gold, $3.20; silver,
$649.20; copper. $50.45 and lead, $62.70. Total,
$765.55. I have my permit and agent appointment to
sell a small block of treasury stock at 25c a share. Call
at office in Allen Block, Bisbee, and see samples and
talk with me. I have paid for my experience and I be
lieve it is worth something to you and me. I will be
here only a short time."
Apply at Main Office,
Yaba Copper Co.
THE RICHEST MAN IN THE WORLD IS AN
Oil KingWhy?
Because he toeik advantage cf opportunities. Today we are offering
you the opportunity to join us in the drilling of another "GUSHER"
in the noted Midway-Sunset Kield, the greatest oil field on the Pacific
Coast.
The MONTANA-WYOMING OIL COMPANY", which we are asking
you to join as a stockholder, is in the producing class. Two webs
have already been drilled and regular monthly shipments are being
made.
The Company is preparing to drill Well No. 3. This well will be
drilled in (ll'SHKR territory, and the expectation is that another
Lakeview Gl'SHEft will be brought in.
MONTANA-WYOMING OIL COMPANY is headed by evGovernor
William Spry of I'tah as its President, assisted by men of eejual im
portance. $:!00.00 buys 1000 shares. $0.00 buys 100 shares.
Petroleum Finance Co.
P. O. Box 216, Salt Lake City, Utah.
WRITE FOR FULL PARTICULARS
ORDER BLANK.
PET ROLE I" M FINANCE COMPANY.
P. O. 1 ox 216.
Salt Lake City. I'tah.
I herewit'i enclose $ for shares
Montana-Wyoming Oil Company stock at 30 cents a share.
Address
of
L J. OVERLOOK, BROKER
Correspondents: Paine, Weber & Ccv, Boston, Duluth. Calumet.
LOGAN & BRYAN, NEW YORK AND CHICAGO
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK
PAINTS
J A GOOD paint is worth what you' have to pay for
it and a POOR PALNT is worth nothing at any price.
Mountain and Plain Paint
is the best that is made and every gallon of it is abso
lutely guaranteed by US, and the price is no more,
q Also SPENCER KELLOG Pure Linseed oil. none
better.
Gibson-Hines Lumber Co.
Phone 88
J. W. F. SMITH
Manager
ALLEN BLOCK
BISBEE
J
Registered Bonds
Third Liberty Loan Are
Now Ready for
Delivery
HOTEL RESORT and TRAVEL DEPARTMENT
Reliable information, suggestions, reserations, no chi.-e. V.'c espe
cially dcure to hear from parties, lodges, societies, and organizations.
Auto stags tickets and seat reservations secured. (Daily service, San
Francisco to Imperial Valley, Carrp Kearny, Riverside Av;atlon Field,
etc.) Autos furnished for private use. reliable, competent drivers, go
anywhere. Write, phrne, or call. LANE'S TRAVEL SERVICE BUREAU,
B?2 W. 6th St.. LOS ANGELES. CALIF. Phones: Pico 1007, Home 10743.
LOS ANGELES
Hotel Lee
Sixth and rigueroa Streets.
Modern European. Rates, 75c to S3
Room with bath $1.00 up
Special Summer and Weekly Rates
All 4ipnt ears pass tho doer.
!;ira;:e rontfctfii. Cafe neU dur.
Wm. B CLARK, rop.
LOS ANGELES
Gates Hotel $1
Fireproof. Sixth and Figueroa Sts
Cafe and Restaurant in Connection
Close to Stores, Theaters and all
Car Lines. Los Angeles' Finest
Tourist and Family Hostelry
TAKE TAXI AT OUR EXPENSE.
Lcc Molladay, Pres. and Mgr.
Geo. A. Collins, Sec'y-
BARRETT
Ever-Lastic Roofing
Sec advertisement on inside cover of Saturday Evening
Post of August 3. Wc have a fulLcar in stock.
Bisbee Lumber Co. inc.
EMIL MARKS, Mgr. Lowell Car Stop PHONE 25
-'. 1
Review Want Ads Bring Results THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNfNG, AUGUST 11, 1918.
THREE
News of Social Circles
A series of parties for the last few ring f rein the cake as it is the fate of American people have taken the hard j to go and give their lives if necessary?
months have been given in Iiishee to : the fortunate miss to be the next mar- ships as only good sports could. j from every walk of life is express
raise money fsr relief of the untortu-' rieJ. inss Alice Mctjee wili be the Veteran Vsoldiers who have been 'id the same supreme air of sacrifice,
nates that have been permanently : next biide if the superstition oi ages sent to this country from th land cf Actors, actresses, singers and musi
blinded in this great war. This spien- proves true. The hou-e was prettily ur Allies have been surprised to findicians have offered their services to
did chanty is not only for French, lie!-, decorated in white carnations and American people so wide awake. They help the nation, by devoting their tal
gian and British but for American sol- : ferns. The guests present were Miss- are impressed with the welcome they ents to raising money for the R"d
diers from w hom the light ot day has es Cherry Sharp. Gladys Fisher. Hatty rfceive. And how glad w e are to see. (Tors or recruiting free, gatis for
been forever shut out. Hell, Kuth Johnson. Mc-sdumes Layne. t1Pm with their fine strong bodies nothing. It shows that not even one
Mrs. F. K. Shine, w ho is at the head , Nina Sharp, Rebecca Johnsey. Messrs ;ln, W(ather stained faces. It is not ' individual can shirk in any way. Each
of this benevolent work has recently ; Kliner Atw ood. (Jus Sharp, Ed Roberts hard to see why the Germans have (must help In his or her way, be it
received some most interesting letters i Mr. and Mrs. tioyd and Inez .Mc.Xair. 1)ot )e,.on,e the ' "superman" as they! ever so little for isn't there a story
from headquarters of this permanent; js "J -Ket out to do. about the "widow's mite?" Sew and
blind relief fund in New York, thank-1 Mr. and Mrs. 1. VY. Boyd have left j T.e OOV3 in our training camps have; knit longer and harder than ever be
ing the kindly people of the Wairen j on a delayed honenioon trip for plaints though, clamoring to bo fore. Go sugarless ami see -how sylph
District for their charitable efforts and j co, Los Angeles and Seal lie. Washing- 'M 1U over ,0 j.-rance. Each letter they ; like one will become. At least that
to give it a personal touch sending ton. Tney will be gone for two or tune write heme is filled with unutterable is seme consolation.
some pictures or tne blma and tneir i
history which is all of how they fell j
fighting. But the good work must
continue and with greater zeal as the
following letter shows:
Mv Dear Mrs. Shine:
.'Irj following is an extract from a
i :.- received from our French Coin-
. :e:
.. c are urgently in need of funds for
the purpose of returning home over
three hundred blinded French soldiers
who have been re-educated but are
waiting for tools and raw materials to
enable them to carry on their new
trades in their own home. This equip
ment, which includes the payment of
rent for one year and the purchase of
a few necessities in order to give eacn
man a chance to get a start, costs
J250. Are there not among our Com
mittees and friends in the United
States many who would be willing to
"adopt" one of these blinded soldiers
and contribute the necessary $250 to
establish him in his new life? We
must not, through lack of funds, fan
the men at this critical point. They
have been led to courage and hopeful
ness by careful, patient training, and
they must not be allowed to return to
the" blank despair of their early days
of blindness.
We are sending you herewith phatc.
graphs and histories of a few of the
men referred to, hoping you may he
able to help us in finding benefactor
for them. If you are spending the
summer away from your home, w?u
you not endeavor to interest the hotel
guests and summer residents in this
imperative cause? A history of the
blinded soldier on parchment inscrib
ed with the name and address of inc.
donor will be forwarded upon receipt
of donation.
Very sincerely yours.
BERTHA BLOOM,
Permanent Blind Relief War Fund.
Miss E. M. Suttey, H. X.. who has
been here for the past week visiting
relatives on Quality Hill and friends,
will leave tomorrow for El 1'aso where
she will resume her duties at the Ho
tel Dieu. Miss Suttey graduated from
the training school for nurses last
May and immediately volunteered her
services to the government. She will
rpniain at Hotel Dieu until she re
ceives further work from Washington. I
D. C, stating the time for her depart
ure for service overseas.
Miss Anna Warren left last Sunday
for Los Angeles, where she will visit,
before going to Salt Lake City to at
tend school.
iS V
Mrs. John W. Warren and daughter
Jennie are spending the week end at
Fort Huaehuca visiting with Captain
and Mrs. Simpson.
s is
Mr. Hugo Hawkins has left for Dul
uth to visit friends before entering
college this fall.
5s is K?
Th u- that KPned at the Elks
Club Thursday for the Red Cross were ,
Mesdames Maddock. Bedford, Trees,
Ascher, Kennaugh, Erickson. Saunders
Butterfield, Benton, John, Harrish and
Cain.
5S t?
A very pretty'Vedding was held at
the home of Mr. and Mrs. P. W. Boyd,
Miller Hill, Thursday evening. Augc.st
8th. Miss Olie Wickwin became the
bride of J. H. Coldiron. The brid-i w ore
a gown of white silk net over white
crepe de chine. Mr. Frank Spalding
was b..f. man -.v!;;,e Miss Pvtri Lane
was a bridesmaid.
a large weaning caKe was uie source
of great curiosity asto just which
. , ., .v. .,
jvuiig iauj , ti f arm wouiu uiaw iiir;
Bisbee Fuel and
Feed Company
Phone 121
We have reopened our. office, below the
Copper Queen Hotel, and yard on the Slag
Dump, to the public under the management
of C. H. Hogan, and will endeavor to supply
the trade with COAL and WOOD for the
coming season.
Anticipating a serious shortage this winter
we urge you to buy and store NOW. This,
too, is the request of the National I ucl Ad
ministration. You will be wise to heed it.
We thank you for your piitronayc of the
past and solicit same lor the present and
future.
Office Below
Copper Queen Hotel
I
I
Bisbee Fuel and Feed Co.
moutiis.
jS ri JS ;
Th'e A. F. F. V. society is doi-.K a !
great amount of work. Each week the I
number of garments increases. Tno.o I
who sewed on Thursday at the Gar
field school were Mesdaines M. A. Dai- ju Xew y0rk and other large cities a most expensive and delicate fur- it
ly, Beit Polly, I). McGeein, T. E. ill-, throughout the country the whole 'is sometimes called baby lamb, for it
iams, W. A. Arthur, F. Prooney, OUo I phase of life has changed, a constant is from the pelt of a still-born lamb
Leisman, Bell and C. H. Hardim 'stream of military men, and a general i from sheep cf the far east. It is dyed
'air of hurry and bustle, showing that black and finished so that it gives the
Mrs. Frantzen is very ill at her'cvery effort is being put forth to win 'effect of moire silk,
home, suffering from ptomaine poison-; ,;ie great war. In the shops prices! A wrap made of blended mink made
ing. have soared. And instead of the Ger-jin two sections; the skins of the upper
55 Iman faces seen in the past, and harsh (part run up and down, and on the low-
Mrs. Col ton. secretary of the V. W. j guttural tones spoken, one hears thejer part run around the figure. There
C. A., is still in California. She will dulcet music of that language of the: are no sleeves but openings for the
go to Los Angeles and other points of :p0n spoken. Swarthy men and sombre jarms are made at either side. A deep
interest and so make it
real vaca-
tiou while she is there.
Iff
Mrs. G. M. Greelev of Wood Canyon!
entertained a number of women with
a dinner party at her home last Yci-j
nesday night. Those present were tne
Mesdames Venita Lewis, Alice and Er
ma Kelly, Anna and Frances Cowan
and Geaaldine Hogau.
5s: V Jt
The farewell dance which was given
by the Don Luis Red Cross chapter
last Saturday night in honor of Alma
Fuller was largely attended. Fuller
was among those who left from Tomb
stone Monday for Camp Fremont. The
school house in which the dance was
given was filled with the friends oi
Mr. Fuller who has been a resident of
Don Luis for the past 15 years. His
brother Larin is now at Mare Island,
having left about six weeks ago. Much
credit is due Mrs. Fuller w ho has giv -
en her last son for service. After the
singing of a few songs by Master Don-1
aid Waldon, dancing was then cjih-
menced and lasted until a late hour.
THE SPIRIT OF THE TIMES
Hundreds of thousands of soldiers.
fill the streets of our big cities neat,
orderly and modest. This goes fai
to show the spirit of the war. The
military police are almost superfluous
their grim looking revolvers might be
for ' adornment rather than for use.
t., ,.itv Ket . ,i, ,,n in ,.i.
,r, r,.r is l. not tho nnlv hero nf!he'e s an increased demand for very
tho day? The old time stories of dis-
- -
orderly conduct among our soldiers
are a thing of the past. For now the
mnn-at-arms is conducting himself tbei"': - . a...
way that the defenders of a great na
tion should. It is hard to conceive of
the different varieties of men in life,
now being given the same training,
the same food, the same clothing and
the same pleasures and most are
emerging better and stronger and
more able to cone with the battles of '
life as well as thoroughly fit for bat- j durable. The fur itself conies from a
tie S.O'iO miles away. This -renews ki(I l'le PH of a kid of the far east
our sense of security for confidence and its natural color is taupe grey.
wo must place in these our prote tors. A broadtail coat is shewn in black
There is a smile upon every face!for town Wear. It is made on loose
ithat passes, no matter if it is an of-1
fort, and "business as usual" is ear-iau
ried out to the nth degree, but such
a umeiem muu oi uumu, muc.
unusual, for it concerns liberty loans j
and drives for Bed Cross and Thrift j
j Stamp sales. On heatless days, meat-
'less days and wheatless days the;
same good temper is manifested, the j
growing realization of just what a
great part e must play in the drama j
that is being enacted for democracy, j
It seems ages since a round of ploa.i- j
ures from early morn until the wee
small hours of the night was the thing j
to do. Frivolities used to be the Al-
pna and umega oi a season nay oi me
wii . e ar ,... ,,,.- .u.i
fashionable women of the land have;
.i . ,.,; no,.lo. ,.i -ur
uinuicu iien uiw. vnvi.n.-, i t.,..
I work and If luxuries be taxed they wees because they have not been so
w ill submit without a murmur. That I fortunate as their huiikie, for they
is the best of all for it has taught so!have gone to be shoulder to shoulder
many of us to deprive ourselves, and; with the mm who plunge daily into
nothing could be more uplifting. One the thick of the battle. Isnt this a
'verv seldom hears a complaint. The splendid attitude, to be eager and glad
Of Interest
dark haired women are seen every-
where. And in the stores the sign!
"Ao.nl se 'labia Espanol." The tides
of nationalities shifting in this great
war is to be considered for it will
bring new customs, new ideas and new
; blood into America.
Furs j forming the skirt or the coat, and ne-
There is a great deal in know Ing tween these sections inverted triangles
furs, and knowing them from the point of seal are used. The sleeves and up
cf view of the furrier. Almost every- j per part of the coat are entirely of the
one has a general knowledge of furs,
hut very few women know what Hud
son seal, para mink, beaver, or blend
ed mink really'are.
Jn buying furs, a number of things
must be taken into consideration, first
their value as furs from the point of
view cf their beautv. relative scarcity
land the art with which the skins arejis almost as durable as Alaska seal
i blended, second tneir style as apparel,
and third tneir wearing qualities which
jare of great importance to the average
1 individual.
! The thing one pays most for is style
in these days when styles change In
furs as often as they do for dresses
It requires real art to drape furs so.
that the finished garment is attractive
but the beauty of a real good piece of
fur is that it can be remodeled from
year to year to suit the prevailing
mode.
A we'l known furrier predicts that
tho rarest and most beautiful furs
such as sable, chinchilla, blue fox, baby
Iamb or broadtail will be worn this
winter. Such furs are for adornment
rather than practical use. Then too.
.1 . . VI r.. 1. 1. 1 .... 1 - 1. - . .. .1
w hite bear for coats, blended nunk for
coats and evening wraps, and kolinsky
in,l en ii i ') 1 fnn cr.a of o n n.l n n ta nrtA
irujiuuilgs. ouit luua iuii iu fjiiiiii a i inc.- t-ii,-.
A coat of natural caracul that but- and are wide and circular at the w rist,
tons in front -with fur Cottons and; Each season adds to the popularity of
ends in two points like a waistcoat, mole, which is really rather an expen
A draped collar fastens on each shoul- sive fur, when one considers its wear
der of the circular cape. This natural ing qualities. The mole is a small bur
caracul is one of the smart furs of the rowing animal with a pelt of texture
season and is both inexpensive and
uroaa lines witn wide Kimono sleeves
straight tight cufls. Broadtail is
WEEKLY NEWS LETTER YOUNG
HEN'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION
OF WARREN liUNING DISTRICT
Follow ing is a letter written by Cpl.
W A Mancill to Rube S. Martin from
. . ..-,,,..
Mv npar
R )e , was in su(.h fine mood
, i,, ,i,i ch., ,nn.
l" "-- .'"" ""' o.i".
noon. 1 made a three mile walk to a
i little railroad station to bid farewell,;"-' "" s T. . S
I to tie bovs of my regiment. They are i 0'n,a,s 1 ',"t1' , Th ls 8
i hound for somew here. I was left be. , Probability that I will see more,
hind. I was not happy. While there, verf fpw '"' '",aI
tue mail clerk handed me your le-tcr. : ",(f. , V,1P.Ne;
There among the w ater w agous. SUH and London dailies and Pans ed,
W wagons, horses and guns. I opened ' ,ons' b,'tI e"J"-rnelfs ln Ipt,prs fro,n
it." I wish you could have been there 1"'n,e-.t"Isnpe. greetings to
with me. h was a picture. It was r" -' t-he 11. Ir Kichardson and Mr
f . , . , ,Jihave plunnt'd many tunes to
hedged around by the most beautiful
trees and vines you can possibly i.nag-j
in.... I was there for retreat and per-
haps heard mv old band play 4!le
iiiiir. iivit aim i.iiu i n iuiii: iiit:.
, j i i . , . T
h: nil nf 9 rninrai i anil wont Ivwk In ;
I ,.1 r.. f .. .... 1... I,.rt
1 1 , 1 -
leanieu 10 Soulier were going s.mie-
wliere, no matter where, but they were!
going, and with smiles. 1 have now
been in this training camp since the.
... ,.f -1....l. II..... .......K
ir ii.inuiii .! .nail II. nrni iuin.il,
..nzr I have no. thr- slichie.f irlo i
lAiiiu. 1 v. as Mil nil 1 wan iu i;ij iru u. j . -1,
, , . ., , .11 . sumo that the draft will yet v
behind, and the boys with whom I'.j.... u. . . ' , ,
I am held for instruction purposes.
Someone has to do that part of the j'ih.
It foil my job. I bait no control over
;he mat tor. 1 did tirst of all things.
v.'sh to so to the front. When a man
is chosen to he an instructor, he is
out of luck. He U traiisierred ln.:u
I ir, organization and put in the School
of lii.;nict!i)n, and nobody iu his or-
fa:ii.atiii'i can j 1 1 r the :natt r. I am
s ill winking as hard as I .vas in Ari-
zona. There is in mil yet to he learn-'for
od. One tiling that still hold:; out n
promise here is that I can continue to
Pain. 1 can but do my duty and leave
reruns io tiesiuiy. I am giai: to read ; to be in the best ol health. He is in
that the folk buck home are doing the Kngineering Corps.
things in a way that causes every loy- j
al Aim ric. in hi Unill. They ;i;o doing K. A Putnam, the popular old time
thai hen , too. l.'ulie. h. it s nmre the sei rotary of the r.liee "V Imt now
Hun has begun to realize it. What the now general secretary, is lioii'
the papers say. as you refer to. is no 1 mug to get in the harness again In
idle boast t'ie men ure lu re and cum-j groat shape lie h:is been very biiy
ing. oio.uin. I Uav never !or ons t . ijp i 'itendini; ome mm h neeiji-d r
tnth njrt of a second been sorrv th.it nans m the swimming r..i tha
' I joined the army. 1 would not forbowhug alles, and has already made
to Women
shawl collar is draped gracefully
around the neck and fastened at eith-
er side wita a loop and large button.
'Mink is a natural American fur of the
weasel family.
A coat of Hudson seal and kolinsky
with shaped sections of the kolinsky
seal while the deep shawl collar and
wide turn back cuffs are of the kolin
sky. Hudson seal which is usually
really the hack-bone cf the fur trade is
a beautiful imitation of Alaska seal;
J the fur comes from Uie muskrat and
.is dyed and blended in various shades,
or dyed the exact shade of the seal. It
and certainly less expensive. It is
one of the most attractive and popular
furs, known the world over. Kolinsky
which has been very popular for the
last three or four seasons comes from
a small family of the animal of tho
sable family. The natural shade of
kolinsky is a deep orange blending
into bright yellow, but it is dyed and
finished to resemble the Russian or
Crown Siberian sable wjiich has been
very rare and expensive in recent
years. Many women are now able to
afford kolinsky furs in the form of
kolinsky or marten, another member
of the sable family.
A coat made of mole and trimmed
with taupe fox. 'The skirt is long and
i slightly circular and the upper part of
the garment is made with a loose vest
,, V, Ti.iiii t j m fi-nnt
The odd but
tons are flecked with turquoise and
silver grey. The deep fox collar may
Vta H TT1 U'tl fltiZi 1 hmit T II O Fl P' W IMP
and quality much like seal. The ordi-
nary fox pelts of various countries
may he so dyed and dressed to lend
themselves to the production of our
high-grade imitations of cross, silver.
and the natural black fox. These dyed
:iurs surpass in elegance tne prouue-
tion ot ateliers.
jany consideration have missed this. I
, have not yet seen the front, but I will
in time, if I keep well, and so far, I
have been sound as a dollar. Never
theless. 1 have seen much that I would
t .. i;r.. 1 . .1.
,, ... , , .. . . .. . ,
1vjiKiiu rvii ii iiii; i , v . . 1
write
!e,"bu,,haePutI(lt,olf -
" ' reKard.s 1 JIr- .:l lclJ' U h.1,ew'.'!!'
h ,? I 'i1'""'. 7
h nore as I am not going wi h my
iMiiivui. a "tic fUlllK Willi 111
regiment. I could write a long letter.
., , ..... , . ... .
would be tilled with the spirit, but I
1,1 ' I'1"' ,-"'i
I pre-
ou in
11 nit-
but you can at least do your bit
by writing now and then. With best
. w ishes and blessing upon you. I am,
I your sincere friend. Cpl. W. A. Man-
-fitt Art C.lir f.l t t I . ik
y iii in lllll Ul IIOI1, I .
- , f , , . ,. ,. .
- -American Lxped.'tionary Force.
'
W. M. Day. inf rstate Secretary fori
t''-0 Y. M. ('. -V fur Arizona and N'ew
Mexico, paid the Assicinion a very;
phasani vi-i:. on li.,t Thur 'ly. Ho 1
afipiared to he in splendid chc -r. Ho,
r mafic d tiiat Xi-.v Mexic o ha', ing just
i:e dry was pj.r.'ia'ly accountable for.
hi state cf mil d. j
IMoio I roof y. well niiown iu Hishef i
some time past, was a visitor at j
! Association hi aihiiiiirti-rs on Tnursday !
(last. Kdilie is now in the employ of I
; 1'nele Sam at t'amp Codv. Ho looks!
several minor changes in the lobby,
which helps its general appearance.
He desires to announce that he hopes
j to get in touch w ith all those who are
I interested in the Educational I)ipart
jineiit. A meeting of the ducal uuia!
committee will be held in the near nit
ure and definite plans made for the
educational work of the institution
'during the coming year, beginning ear
ly in September. Mr. I'u'iiam has
some new plans in regard to education
'al work which have proven very suc
cessful elsewhere, wh'eli m hopes to
i put in force here.
Henry Aiken and Billy Gmi'i for j
many years two of the bi-r "V" boost-j
ers. left for Ciiir-agj and other eastern j
cities last Tuesday. They i . xpei t to i
be gone about one month, and will vi j
it New Yon;. Boston and several other
large cities before returning. Henry!
said the trip was purely a business one
but many of his friends are a little
doubtful.
The popular volley bail game contin
ues to have its appeal to the men. A
large number of men are in attendar.ee
leach Tuesday and Friday night at
eight p. m. Many of the old timers
are gone. One worthy of mention is
J. U. Berry wiio helped the P.isii"t "Y"
win the state volley ball championship.
Mr. Berry left a couple of weeks aco
for Los Angeles, and incidentally took
a new bride with him. Berry is great
ly missed by the volley hail hunch.
Oliver Brcwn. an old time member
of the "Y" and the official basket hail
referee for last winter, left for liie
Coast last w eek, w here he expe ts to
work in the shipyards as mechanic.
The "Y" has just put in a new stock
of Thrift Stamps, having recently dis
posed of all on hand. Anyone wishing
to purchase Thrift Stamps can always
find them at the Y. M. C. A.
The boys swimming classes were
crowded last week at every session,
but there is always room for one more
Join now.
Taylor McLean, who J:as been swim
ming instructor at the "Y" for tho
past three months, has gone to the
Coast to spend a two weeks vaeati.ii
McLean says he expects to try tiie surf
at every opportunity.
The Churches
ASSEMBLY OF GOD
Sunday preaching at ll:uO a. m. and
7:30 p. m. Thursday preaching at
7:30 p. ni. Services to be held at the
Presbyterian church at Lcwtdl below
the Lowell school house. A cordial in
vitation is extended to all to attend
these services.
JOHN KITING, Pastor.
Christian Science Society of Iiishee
holds services every Sunday morning
at 11:00 o'clock in the Odd Fellows
building on Subway St. Wednesday
evening testimony meeting at S:"0.
The public is welcome and invited to
attend. Subject for Sunday. August
11th, "Spirit."
FIRST BAPTIST
Sunday School 9:45 a. m. We have
a class for you. Morning service 11:00
a. in. Theme: "Religious Inconstan
cy." Divine service in city park at
5:u0 p. ni. Junior and Senior I!. Y. P.
U. at 6:45 p. ni. Group Xo. 2 loads.
Evening service 7:45 p. m. Theme:
"The Publican." Prayer meetin
Wednesday 7:45 p. m. All are cor
dially invited to attend these services.
H. C. COMPTOX, Pastor.
Christian Science meetings are held
every Sunday at Warren in the old
Warren Co. building. Corner Arizona
street and Tenor avenue. Services
will be held Sunday at H::!0 a. in.
Subject. "Spirit."' All are welcome.
Will anyone having books belonging
to the above association please return
them as others are waiting to use
them.
ST. JOHN'S EPISCOPAL
Sunday School 'J:4' a. m. .Morning
service 11:00 a. m. Wednesday choir
practice 7 p. in.
JACOIJ .M. WHITK, Kector
CORY WLL PREACH
Hev. H. P. Cory will preai h at the
Presbyterian church in Warren at 11
a. m. ami ! p. m. Sunday.
PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH
Sunday School S:45 a. m. Morr.ing
worship ll:(i.i a. in. rermon topic.
"The Casualties o:' War." Kvening
worship S:o0 p. m. Sermon topic. "The
Itace is Not to the Swift."
ALLAN" KKICHIiAl.M. Pastor
CANNOT USE SHEEPSKIN
LONDON. J -ly an. The ii.anufac
ture of sheeiiskin rugs hi; liein hm.
hihitt d h Hie P.riiHh ariv.v coui.i il.
This action l..'s bi on taken bica jse
oi the iei:uiicieou:s of wi,jl and
leather lor military purposes.
J:lisjafaiays presena6e- j
' now possible for crry
iije i woman through use of
r MARINELLO
Phantom Powder
Immediately gives skin appear
ance of beauty then nvi.Vv
beautifies it. L'nnvaU-rf bc.t'itv hi-it- k-r
for lace, ni-ck and hands. Iix-n"l tub
or wali etl. Siili-tulid lor rvt'iui-v. m.ikr
up. Yuut ouiiuc wul move iu oiuiu
McDonald's Marinclla
Shop Phone iOj
Sold Everywhere, in Bottles Only
Political .Announcements
. FOR Sl-lfcKifK
i noregy auiioiuice inyseu as a cau
uiuaie lor lue nouiinatiou lor lue ouict
ol biic-nn ot cocnise cuuijiy, suojecl
to mo wia oi mu voie& ai lue ueino
cruuc pi unary u l uuiu ou sepieui
uer iu, uia.
VV. a. liKAKFlLLD.
i ureuy auuouncu in sen aa a cau
d:uaie or lue nomination tor lue omce
oi suliiu ot Cocoibe county, uuujeci
iu lue wm oi me voii-rd at lae ueuio
crauc pniuary iu ue iieiu ou tpieui
our Uii.
.UK SaHtKlr-r
1 neieuy unuumice uiysei as a can
didate ior me uoiinaiiou lur lue omce
ol suerin oi cocuiid couiuy, suojeci
to tiie will oi tne voters at itie ue uie
ci-auc piiiiiai.y lo oe ne:u ou bc-pleru-uer
10, rjis.
JAMES F. MCDONALD,
2o Lieputy U. a. Atarsnai.
FOR SHERIFF
l neieo' announce uiyseii as a can
didate lor tne nomination lor tne ol
lice ol snc-riti ol Cocuise county, suo-
! Ject to toe will oi tne voteis at me
i republican primary lo ue Held ou ceo
lember 10, J Jl5.
Lbo LORENZO WRIGHT
FOR SHE.RIFF
I Hereby announce mysell as & can
didate tor tne oliice el suori.i ol L'o
ciiise county, subject to tne iolou i:I
Uie voters at the democratic prima
ries to be held SeptemiHjr 10.
A10, V. tfA.NDS,
C. O.. Smelter, Douglas, Arizona.
FOR TREASURER
I hereoy auuouuce myself aa a can
cJiduie lor Uie liouimaliou for the of
lico ot Tre...-,ut-'r ot CocliiiO couuty,
suoject to tuo will cf tne voterj at tne
democratic primary lo ud liciu on
oepteaiiier lu. 1'JiH.
UL'Y C. VYEA.lL
FOK SUH hVI30R
I ueieby announce ui. m:U as a can-
'lice oi supervisor ot L'ocUi. e county,
j subject to tne will ol tue oiers ui iuu i
j democratic tiuuary to Le Leid on
1 Scptciubcr lUlb.
! I. C. E. ALiA.MS,
i Oil tLv .Mayor.
! FOR CLERK, SUPERIOR COURT
1 hereby announce myseif as a can
didate i'ur the n Huinutiou for the ui
;lice of Clerk, Superior Court cf Co
chise county, subject lo tue wm oi tue ;
j voters at tha democratic primary lo be
i held on September 10, 1J1S. '
J. IU. JA.UiUO.
FOR JLiGZ, SUPERIOR COURT
I hereby announce myself as a can
didate for tho nomination for the of
fice of Judac, Superior Court or Co
chise county, subject to the will of the
voters at the democratic primary to be
held ou September 10, lilS.
ALFRED C. LOCKWOUD.
j FOR SUPERVISOR
j 1 lii ro'oy iuinoiiiice myself as a can-
dulate for the Humiliation for the of
! fice of supervi.-or oi cchisc county,
subject to the will of the voltrs at the
i democratic i-rintary lo be held on
September 1'. IMS.
S'.'T V". 31. JOHNSON".
COPI'ER QUEEN HOTEL
AliD HIGH CLASS CAFE
lire b:si of evcrU;ine at rcyon.j.! ! !a rte price
Spcti.il (il)c luncheon dai'y". Ki dinner from
5:30 to 7:30 p. m. Regular !.trd by t!ic mci.lh. $4U.
$10 Ly tiie week.
Review Want Ads Bring Results
FOR COM3 I ADLt
i Utreuy announce uiyseu aa a mu
uiuaie lor lue nomination ior uie Mi
nce, ui cousiauie ior boweu precinct
.No. u, suojeci lo me wm oi iu uiei
ai u ueiuocrauc pnuiary iu o uciu
on tx-'pieuiotr iu, uio.
SJi JUH.N (JACK) K1A.V
t-UK CUNitlABLt -
l uereuy auuuuuts uiyseii aa a can
didate iur uie uoiuiuaiiou lor lae oi
lice oi cousiauie ior loweu precinct
.no. o, suojeci to me win ol me foiorJ
ni lue ueuiocrauc primary lo do ueiu
ou ocpieuiuer iu, uis.
JjU llh-.N.MS liOCHt-
S COK CONSTABLE.
l nereuy anuouuee ruysiMi as m can
didate lor UJe uoiuiuatlou ad Lousuicia
ior me Lowell iTeciuct, .No. i. buo
jeci to tue acuou oi me Deiuocraus
toters ol mat precuicl iu lae pnaiaxie
ou sepiemDer luia.
151 a. II. liUUMt'ALK.
l-OH CONSTABLE
i nereoj announce myseu aa a candidate-
ur Uie nomination tor uid oi
uca ot Constable tor Loweil i'rec.ucl
.No. u, subject to tne wiil ol tne voter
at uie Democratic primary to u Held
on bepteaiber 10, litis.
L'OO JAililS BAKEiL
FOR CONSTABLE,
t nereDy announce myseit as a can
didate Ior tne nomination as ConsutDle
for ttij Lowell Precinct, .No. 3. ou re
ject to the action ot tne Democratic
voters of that precinct in tne primaries
on September iota.
207 GEO. D. CROWLEY".
FOR CONSTABLE
I hereby anuounce my sett as a can
didate tor tbe nomination as constaoio
tor tiie llisbee precinct, o. 1 yu
ject to the action of tbe democratic
voters ot tnat precinct in tne prima
ries on September 10.
60 A. E. SHEPPATJ).
FOR JUSTICE OF PEACE
I hereby announce myseit aa a can
didate for the nomination aa justice ot
the peace, tor the Lowell precinct. No.
3. Subject to the action of the demo
cratic toters ot that precinct ln tne
primaries ou September loth. 111S.
711 CEO. R. SiHTIL
FOR JUSTICE OF PEACE
I hereby announce myself as a can
didate for the nomination as Justice ot
the Peace, for the Lowell Precinct. No
3 Subject to the action of the Demo
cratic voters of that precinct in tua
primaries on September lota.
J. L. WINTERS.
FOR JUSTICE OF THE PEACE
I hereby announce myself as a can
didate for the nomination as justice of
tho peace, lor the Lowell precinct. No.
3. Subject to the acticn of tu-; demo
cratic v liters of that precinct In ta
primaries on September l'Uh. lui.V
ill J. U. HOlXiES
FOR CONSTABLE
! 1 hereby announce uiyx 1: as a cr-r-
d date for the nomination as copM iMo
t r the Iiishee precinct. No. ". s-.li-i
ject to the action ot the democratic
j voters of th.it pi ic.nct m the prLi.ar-
ies September 1". 1:1S.
411 PERT CLEMENT f- FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, AUGUST 11, 1918.
mm
-a 7JTi n
1.5 -4 fa
5"
1 1
Every War Savings Stamp Helps to Sink
a D-Boat It Helps to Get Our Soldiers
and Our Supplies Across to Win the War
Loan Your Dollars to the Government
Back Up the Boys
Buy War Savings Stamps
' Am
5
",--!,r-in
DEE
5 t
United States Food Administration License No. G-13942
CI
AS
hi.
E
E
I; ' )
Taffeta Skirts i In Our Ready-to-Wear Department
A clearance of black taffeta silk
skirts. If your size is in this lot you
can secure wonderful values. Prices
are $13.50, $15.00, $18.50, $20.00
on sale tomorrow
Off
Petticoats
i ,
- . - r
Jersey top silk petticoats in navy, green, copen,
grey, brown and changeable silk.
$4.95 Values, Special $3.95
Laces
Just received a most beautiful assortment of clumy
laces and bandings that are difficult to tell from
the real hand crocheted article and will trim so
prettily your gowns, camisols, or table runners and
scarfs.
These are very moderately priced,
35c yard
Silks
Very wide all silk pongee. Special 85c yard
Dress Forms
The Acme Collapsible Dress Form is the most per
fect made. It embodies every necessary adjustment
that could be though of in a dress form, guaranteed
to be adjustable to any woman's size, style or shape.
Special, $16.50 and $18.00
Linen Napkins
A small lot of odd linen napkin purchased some
time ago to be closed out at the old price. See
these and save money.
Rugs
See our wonderful line of Whittall rugs, all new,
purchased before the advance hence a big saving
to you. Don't wait till these are sold and have to
pay double.
VOOD MIL WIN
EXT COIOJ
SAVE (f
VHEAT
Notwithstanding the war time appeals for economy and
conservation, our buyer who has been in the market
for the last four weeks, informs us the merchandise
shown for the coming season is richer and more elegant
than ever before. The showing of
Suits and Coats
Trimmed With Fur
of better quality and of a greater variety than hereto
fore will be in vogue, the materials of these garments
will be wool velour, broadcloth, .silvertone, sylvette,
and crystal bolivia. Women's dresses also bid fair to
be very popular, worn with top coat.
We Have Just Received By Express
a Large Assortment of the
New Fall Style Dresses
in Georgette trimmed with beads, crepe de chine and
satin, with new style Spanish sash and silk fringe. The
popular colors are navy, brown, Burgandy, grey and
toupe. Priced very low for tomorrow's selling,
$19.50
T ,,,., .. i
Bargain Booth Specials
Summer Vests j Satteens
Women's summer vests. No sleeves,
fine ribbed and very elastic. We con
sider this an exceptional purchase. Vests
at this price are very scarce.
Special, 25c each
Summer Union Suits
Women's summer union suits. No
sleeves and knee length. All sizes.
Big Value, 35c, 3 for $1.00
This is a very opportune time to pur
chase your black satteen to make the
children's bloomers and aprons ' for
school. 36-inch width.
Exceptional Value
35c yd.
In Our Furniture Department
If beauty were all you asked of your furniture, or comfort, your choice would not
be diffifult. But when you require both "elegance and comfort" and that sub
stantial quality which guarantees long service you will be more than repaid by vij
iting our second floor and see our showing of
Parlor, Livingroom, Diningroom
and Bedroom Furniture
AND AT REMARKABLY LOW PRICES
Palm Beach Skirts
A very pretty selection in Palm Beach skirts of ex
ceptionally fine quality and good range of stripes.
$6.50 and $6.95 Values,
Special, $4.95
Sweaters
A small clean up of slipover sweaters in rose and
grey, corn and purple, gold and purple, green and
coral.
$5.95 Values, Special $3.95
Children's Dresses
Children's gingham dresses in a large variety of
plaids, self trimmed, sizes 8 to 1 4. Specially priced.
Muslin Gowns
You can get a wonderful selection here tomorrow,
beautifully trimmed in lace and embroidery.
$125 Values, Special 95c
Corset Covers
Fine Nainsook corset covers in numerous pretty
styles. Lace and embroidery trimmed.
$1.25 Values, Special 95c
Neckwear
Women's neckwear, fancy novelties all this sea
son's styles. Half Off Regular Prices.
Crepes
10-inch crepe de chine all pure silk large array of
colorings. This will be your last chance to secure
a bargain like this for some time.
A $2 Value for $1.45 yd.
Women's Shoes
Smart designs in wom
en's shoes of the latest
creations, and each pair
you buy reminds the
wearer that we deal in
the best quality goods.
Visit our shoe depart
ment tomorrow and let
us fit you correctly.
Stationery
A regular 50c box of patriotic
stationery on sale tomorrow at
35c box
Chinaware
We have just received a delayed shipment of do
mestic and imported China, all beautiful patterns
and open stock. Lovers of pretty China should
see this assortment.
S3
,j ... r
2
K