WEATHER.
ARIZONA: Wednesday
Hit ct Thursday fair, not
much change in temper
attire. MARKETS.
Government Price of
Copper, 23.50.
tut.
" Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service.
VOL.20. No. 183.
THE BISliEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY MORNING, JANUARY 9, 1918.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
C 15,1
a i- a a Etta
rs tl k.1 cj ij t
53
HiTllUPPiiPW WAR AIHSQ
w
ASKS
ill
i
i
1:1100
COOPEB
FHOM DfEHY
RAIL WORKER
Director General Appeals for
United Effort. Proposed
Bill .is Explained in House
By Commissioner.
McADOOS "UIG THREW WILL HELP
II I M It IS RAILROADS OF XATIOX
Pv Review I eased Wire I
WASHINGTON", Jan. 8. Director j
General McAdoo today addressed an j
appeal to railroad officers and em-1
ployes to do their utmost to maintain :
efficient railroad service as a patriotic
duty, saying -every officer and em-!
ploye is just as important a factor in
winning the war as the men in uni-
form, who are fighting in the ;
trenches."
He promised to consider labor prob- .
lems "just'-y and fairly and at the :
earliest possible moment." The names
of four members of the board to in-!
.Testigtte the brotherhoods' request :
for more pay probably will be an-'
nounced tomorrow. !
The railroad problem was the sub
ject of hearings before the interstate (
commerce committees of both the .
senate and house. Interstate Com-
pierce Commissioner Anderson explain-:
ed the pnrpi.se and effect of the pend
ing administration bill to the hocse
committee, while Julius Kruttschcitt. :
chairman of the board of the Southern ;
Pacific continued his testimony be-.
fore the senate committee on the dif-.
ficulties of raiuads nnder private ;
management. I
Finances Considered.
Together with the tabor phase of
government opetion. the railroad
administration today considered finan
cial problems with which the govern-;
ment will be forced to deal shortly. ;
From scores of roads came reports on
estimated amount of addition capital '
to be raised tiia year by issue of se- j
curities. ' j
Special consideration was given to-;
dy to the financial straits of the j
Denver and Rio Grande railroad, j
which is threatened with receivership '
for failure to pay interest on outs
ine bonds. After a conference be
tween John Barton Payne, counsel for
the railroad administration, represen
tatives of the read and of the Equit
able Trust company, which has ob
tained a judgment of $2S,0O0.0vO
against tie road, an agreement was
reached by which the receivership
will not be necessary immediately, and
sufficient working funds will be lent
the road to enable it to meet its pay
rolls and continue operation. Eventu
ally a receiver may have to be ap-,
pointed, it was said.
Anderson Before Committee.
- r . - ' --
f -v '
-' " 1 . v- :,
vro a A-f-f
fi ! - v -- 7- v 1
t i v .4:- . 1
. Va & 1 '
t,. s,t tv ' ; . . V A 1
-. : V.v ... : f.:v-i1 vr. ,
; ft
- , - ......w....... ,y .
lESTUTE OF
1 THE SHIPPING
i BOARD IS TOO
I URGE, CLAIM
, ,
1
Newport News Shipbuilding
Company's General Mana
; ger Tells Committee That
President Sets Forth Fourteen
Conditions on Which Allies Are
Willing to Make Peace With Hun
First Blood
P.y Review Leased Wire)
PARIS. Jan. S The former cap
tain of the Princeton football team,
now serving in the flying corps,
brought down his first German
plane Saturday says the European
eoition of the New York Herald.
In Address to Congress Wilson Adds to Recently Expressed
Words of British Premier. Russian Situation Provokes
Sympathy in Executive's Mind. Teutons Motive in Re
cent Conferences are Questioned By President.
By Review Leased Wire.)
W K V Ilk T t r 1
in ; W Aonl.NLi i u.n, Jan. o. America s program ot war and
Program Will Not Be Ful- j referred to in dispatch probably is (.peace, with definite terms upon which the nations, great and
0 5 I left Pliant Hnhhv" Rater mhn I'. r .. ... . . - . . . .
Tlie Princeton lootbal captaii
Filled.
IJe'Henant "Hobby"
corps in France.
I
WAR PROBE WILL
END AFTER BAKER
TAKES THE STAND
fPy Review Leased Wire)
' WVSHINGTO.V. Jan. S. Anurica-s
iprcbable output of merchant ships in
! 191S was put at tnrre minion iu
i today by Homer L. Ferguson, presi
dent ard general manacer of the New
port News Shipbuilding company,
1 testifying at the senate shipbuilding
inquiry. Estimates frequently roaile:
of from five to eight million tons, he.
' declared, were misleading to the pub
lic and should not be permitted to go
1 unchallenged. 1
i The greatest obstacle now in the
way or rapid construction, air. rtrru- mvesi'gaung ummiuee nxi-i ,
ous to Close Inquiry in 'accepted with a wave of approval that brought together virtu-
'. small, fighting together against German world domination
are ready to lay down their arms, was given to the world by
President Wilson today through an address to congress in
joint session.
For this program, based upon the righting of wrongs and
the safety of peace-loving peoples desiring to live their own
lives, the president committed the United States to fight and
' country to the allied policy of no separate peace.
; "We cannot be separated in interest or divided in pur-
I pose, he said. We stand together to the end."
Universally Approved.
The speech, heard by congress at an hour's notice and
Kighu-Hale
Leit Jcta s..tia nuiiaau (abotf) and Allrcd II. Smith.
1 Holtien. t
D:r?tor Grr.cral McAdoo of the United States railroads will lean on
irrei tig men for the tu:k of his support in the operation of the country's
big netwcik of n.i;3 i;id terminals. The b: three are Alfred H. Smith,
pres.Jer.t of the New Vork Central lines, assistant to McAdoo, and John
Sl-ic'ton V'sliian:?. ront:x;:;r cf the currency, and lisle Holden, president of
tn; Chio, Ljr!infrtfn & Quincy railroad, members of the advisory board.
Order to Introduce Legisla-'ally everv eaement ot both houses, was delivered asa direct
ticn to Remedy Failures. ' TCSPJlsc tne German challenge in the negotiations with the'
; Russians at Brest-Litovsk. It followed closely and approved
I the address of the British premier, but was far more specific
' in statement of terms, robbing of force in advance any Ger
man peace drive designed to confuse the entente and Ameri-
HA!G DISCOUNTS BUDGET PLAN IS
ADDED STRENGTH i ANNOUNCED FOR
OF THE TEUTONS: ECONOMY IN FUEL
! son said, is poor housing facilities for
; sfcipvard workers. His story ot sous
ing cocdittons at Newport News so
I stirred the committee Uiat a sub-com-j
Imittee ccmprising Chairman Fletcher
and Senator Harding was appointed
to confer tomorrow with the proper
; government officials with a view to
nht.inin? immediate relief there and (Py Review Leased Wire)
j elsewhere. WASHINGTON. Jan. 8. In order 1
1 t- i-. iiJoni hesitate to aukklv to oress in the senate legisla-1
: criticize the shipping board and the tion whieb it regards as neoessary to : Can governments and their people, while at the lame time
itT'i S "SSJll foundation for genuine negotiations whenever
; the slew development of the govern- decided to suspend Its war inquiry the central powers are ready to talk of a just peace.
..r ur.uK ,- Fourteen Points Made.
when his examination is completed i Fourteen concrete points laid down by the president be-
the committee plans to report to the; . . .1 j 1 .1 . .1 1 r . . . .
senate and recommend legislation gan with the declaration that the days of private international
wh-ch Chairman chamberlain is ex- i understandings are gone and that covenants of peace must be
pected to outline in the report. 1 1 .1 r ri J t .t .
t.- r .reached in the orien. tJnetlv summarized, the other Doints
:ior workmen. e w t" vice-chairman of the supplies commit- were:
men to our force, and there is nowhert? . ., vcic.
- - . .. . iec ot lue ruuuiu 01 uuuuu oeiv".
,ln Newport News for them to live. I was lpted lod,v
understand that condmons elsewhere. Defends Committee Work
j are equally bad j hi, testilnonT Mr. Eseman de-
! "There is co hm't to the amount of.. . . f ,hn ..M
ships this country can build if really mjtee ,u and pn, and J
; sets its-elf to the task. The shipyard cri:i,.ixP, tne W3r department s pur-!
; ment's program,
j Housing Problem,
j "The housing problem." Mr. Fergu
! son declared. is one of the most
(vital facing tiie government in the
i conduct of the war. Ycu cannot get
, the ships unless houses are provided
ex-
: alreadr built and those building can.
turn out five million tons annually '
chasing system which, he said was
handicapped by "red tape" and the 1
stand" Reld Marshal of British Forces Non Essential" Industries ; dfr YddVtut X"" ffiers. V. busl?T
w i , . . 1 try couiu. 11 put 10 11. The committee, he said, had saved the
Makes His Annual Report.,
Declares Allies Forces Will
Beat the Hun.
Ey Review Leased Wire I i (Py Review Leased Wire!
LONDON, Jan. S. The additional WASHINGTON. Jan. 8. A 'coal
strensth which tiie enemy can obtain 1 budget plan" based oa the voluntary
ircm the events iu Rus.-ia and Italy a!-! agreements ot manufacturers not en-
I ready ras been larsely discounted, anl --,-,: ..v-,,, hv or,,prs f
j the ultimate destrnjtitn of tne ene- ( tne fuel administration tanking the
Commissioner Anderson, who fram- cy s field forces has been brought ap-! agreement appUcaDle to all facto.its
ed the administration railroad Dill,
now before the interstate commerce
committees of both houses, on the
stand today, explained that it is not
intended that there shall be any in
terference with state taxation of rail
road property by government OP ! era front.
ucn. ine government compensation . , .
e basU of the stand-:" HU
preciubiy nearer." is th confident ol eacn wausirj. was announcea 10-
.j - . I nicht bv the fuel administration as :ts
snmr.-.ng up by Field XUrsaal Haig. ; meth(K, of a(ljustia? demand to supply
the Tritish commander in chief in ; isig.
France and llelpium. of last year's I Reduction in consumption of pos
sibly 50.0iHi.0uo tons or coal for tne
year is contemplate!. The army aud
navy, munitions works, other war m-
Needs in Coal Will Be Cut I ra53 C1 Produce ten milUon tons a
, . , year. But It cannot oe aone witnoui
Just Enough to Furnish man power and man power cannot be
. kt r ir obtained unless housing Is provided."
Amount Necessary for War. : Laclc of Clwtlin,tion.
J Members or the committee were in-
tere-srel to know what had caused the
delay in the government's providing
housing facilities and Mr. Ferguson
replied that he thought it was dut to
lack of co-ordination by the war and
navy departments, the shipping board
and the council of national defense.
In Newport News, he said, the growth
of the military establishment had ab
st.rhe 1 all available housing.
"Would the program, in your opin
ion, have moved any raster u a practi
cal shipbuilder in the first place had
government not less than f 75.000.000 1
on purchases and he emphatically de-,
nied that any members of the commit-'
tee had sought advantage through '
their official positions for companies ;
they were financially interested In. j
Centralization of authority in the :
war department in making purchases ,
for army cantonments. Mr. Eiseman
said, was a prime evil of the general
oufhasing system. A plan for decen-;
tralizaticn was submitted to Quarter
master General Sharpe. the witness
said, and was approved "in spirit but
not in practice."
Eiseman presented new statistics of
cloth secured for the army by bia com
mittee to substantiate his assertion ,
that an oversupply had been furnished
work by the British ar.uy on the west-:
The statement is contained
to all roads on th
ard return proposed, he said.
be $3S5.000.H'0 a year, the average
net railway operating income for the
three years ending last June COth.
This compensation basis is permissive,
not mandatory, and any railroad may
enter suit for a higher rate if it
chooses.
day's official Gazette.
The report covers the period from
the opening of the Arras oifensive.
April 9th, to the conclusion of the
Kh-nders offensive in November. Sub
sequent events of the jear. including
the Cambrai battle, will occupy a sep-
Mr. Kruttschnitt praised the work arae report. hicn is to t,e puoinea
rf the nilrmit mar board now His- shortly.
solved, in eliminating much competi
tion and pooling railroad facilities to
a great extent under private control.
He s-id the results and the necessity
of government control showed em-
phattrally that anti-trust and an;i
General Haic closes today's report
ith a brief tribute to the A.neri.-an.
Americans Praised.
"During the year." says General
Haig. "the I'nitei States has enl-'rej
the wr.r end taken up their part with
poolina laws will have to be repeal- all the well known enerey and ability
ed. j of that great nation. Already many
Kruttschrit Testifiev ' thousands of American soldiers are in
Senator Ctmrains asked Mr. Kutt-France. Warm a is the welcome they
schnitt about the advisability of has- rom the French peo; le. no-
ing the railroads' compensation on.'re wiil ihey find a nwe genuine
the market value of the stocks, which 'or friendlier grctt:ng t'ian among the
opened a lengthy discussion of the rsnks or the other great Kr.g'.ish sptak
value cf securities. Mr. Kruttschnitt 'Eg amiies."
said Uhe value r the stock of the At the outset of his report General
Southern Pacific had fallen 5 points Haig explains how the general allied
In the last 10 years and in that period plan of campaign for the year was
the company put $400 .ofm .000 into the fettled at confer-nee at French bead
property, showine that I he market Quarters ia November 1516
quotations have little or nothing to "The plan." the re7ort says, -corn-do
with the intrinsic valn of the prised a series of offensives on all
property. fron's. so timed as to assist e.ich ot'i-
Grain men of the cc.-.titry. Mr. er by rierriur..; the enemy cf the
Kruttschcitt sail, were the slowest to poker of weakening any cf his fronts
comply with the war board's rert-m- to reinforce another."
mendations providing for t.e heavier This tlan had to be modified on a
loading cf cars. It was only after wholesale scale from the very start.
: terial factories, public utilities and do
mestic consumers will be the only
passes of consumers to receive 100
perceot of their needs while the vr
continues.
Manufacturers Conference
Manufacturers already have been
called into i-ouiereticeto put the pUu
into operation, and the annual saving
promised by the iirst prr.up will be be-
tween la.tKM.O'H' and 30.i00 w) tons.
In 1!17 the increased demand for coal
asiounted to H'O.ohu 000 tons, while
the increase in output was about 4.V
O hi.imhi lots. Cnder the same condt-
. tions this year the untitled tonnage
; would tie taken care cf by the reduc-
, tion in factories not contributing ui-
redly to the prosecution of the war.
Curtailment of fuel consumption
: necessarily Implies reduction of out
put by the lactones, so the ruei ad
ministration sees in its proeram aid in
the diversion of labor and materials
to war work. The "Ludset" by agret- ,
ment is adopted in lieu of the often ;
pniposed arbitrarj" classification of in-;
dustrtes into essential and non-essen-
tial divisions. ;
'"It is believed." the fuel administra--
tion's anncMincement says, "that the j
operation of this plan will lay the
ghost of the afitati n to 'cut off non- '
essential iiii!utries' ar.d will automat- )
ically balance the relation between the J
production and cor. -aii'.pticn of coal
and prevent any repetition of the
present coal shortase." !
Brewer Volunteer. )
One of the striking instance in J
been put in as general manager of thet which claim was not in accord with
lieet irporation senator Aianrn information previously given the sen
asked. ate committee by General Sharpe.
"Yes." Mr. Ferguson replied. So(
iar as 1 Know mis is tne tirsi lime,
since the program was put under way: A 71 07r 7TA C
that a practical shipbuilder ever wM ilUlotl M. UtfV AO
asked officially for his advice or sug
gestions as to shipbuilding." j
Cause of Arrest
' WILL RECOGNIZE LITHUANIA
COPENHAGEN. Jan. 8. Germany
intends to proclaim an acknowledge
ment of Lithuania as an independent
state, according to the Swedish news
paper Paeehs Nyheter.
.Absolute treedom ot the seas in peace or war.
cept as they may be closed by international action ;
Removal of economic barriers among nations associ
ating themselves to maintain peace;
Guarantees of the reduction of armaments to the
lowest point consistent with domestic safety;
Impartial adjustment of colonial claims, based upon
the principle that the peoples concerned have equal
rights with the governments;
Evacuation of all Russian territory and opportunity
for Russia's political development ;
Evacuation of Belgium;
Evacuation of French territory and righting of the
Alsace-Lorraine wrong;
Readjustment of Italy's frontiers along recognizably
lines of nationality;
Free opportunity for autonomous development of the
peoples of Austria-Hungary;
Evacuation of Rumania. Serbia and Montenegro
and guarantees for all the Balkan states;
Sovereignty for Turkey's portion of the Ottoman em
pire and autonomy for other nationalities;
An independent Poland with access to the sea;
And general association of nations for mutual guar
antees of independence and territorial integrity to large
and small states alike.
Sympathies With Russia
ARMY OFFICER DIES
SAN ANTONIO. Tex Jan. S- Lieu
tenant Walfer Foulk. Kelly field, mem
! ber of a prominent Philadelphia fam
ily, and former captain of the Prince
; ton football team, died today at the
I base hospital of pneumonia.
Fast Work
tPy Review Leased Wire.)
JACKSON. Ms, Jan. S- Fif
te?n minutes after the subject was
presented In Governor P'.lbo's me
M;e to the state legislature both
(Continued oa Page Two.)
i
(Continued on Page Two.)
(Continued on Fge Two.)
prohibition amendment to the fed
eral ronstiv.'ticn. Only eliht dis-
sentir.g votes were cast. The Mis- j
f'SMppI assombty is the firt to act i
on the proposed amendment. Ia !
the lower house the vote was )j
to S and In the senile 3: to 5. J
j - AMARILLO. Tex- Jan. 8. Henry
SphmAi4AT . f,fmor ?t? VMnt rtl it vt
'arrested today on a charge of using. A notable feature of the address 'care to disclaim any Intention to sng-
! seditious language after he was al-;a lne "npathetlc attitude of the'gest a change in German institutions,
leeed to have threatened to shoot any President toward the Russian repre-j Great War Document,
one who attempted to remove a pic- tentative who dealt with the Ger-! Everywhere in Washington it waa
ture of the German emperor from hls.n,n" l tn peace conference the 'said that the president had made a
home. Complaint had been made that ' BolshevlkL often execrated for their great addiess and had given expres-
; Schroeder repeatedly had made dis-1 defection from the entente and for sion to the views of the American peo
paraglng remarks concerning the l"n-' permitting themselves to be drawn ia- pie as a whole. The difference of
ited States and President Wilson, i to the Teutonic peace trap. The Ru opinion was as to whether It was a
Schroeder. who came from Germany i sians. he said, presenting a perfectly . peace or a war speech. Some niem-
thirty-eeven years aco and Is a natur- clear statement of the principles upon ' hers of both houses of oonsress pro
allzed American, was held in jail in which they would be willing to con-. fessed to believe that the Germans
t default of I10.0O0 bond. The picture elude peace, were sincere and in earn-' might find the terms laid down ac
which caused his arrest was destroyed st. and when they found that the ae-.ceptable as a basis of negotiation and
by irate citizens. I tual German terms of settlement came to hope that a bona fide offer might
jfrom the military leaders who had no 'result.
SUB ZONES EXTENDED (thought but to keep what they had jB some quarters, however, there
P.t Review Leased w"re.) jtaken. the negotiations broke off. ! mts no sUvD optimism and the speech
LONDON. Jan. S Further exten-j Vpon 0UWltlon whrther the was looked upon as a great war docu
slon or the submarine barred tone is j Rus,Una , worl)1 u 1!sten ; ment-clearing the atmosphere for the
announced in a wireless statement;,,. ,h. -m,,- i,,,,!.,!.,! .nrn..!.!. ..,n.
sent oiit by the t5'nn,for'rnm'"t rity which so far ha, dominate! the many, heartening the dtsorganiied
nd rni9 mho ak the spirit irmaa pc-opltf themselves hen they
eion Around eneraT 9npiorTiiic points i , , . . . , , . ,
on the Cape Verde islands and the j T by .n-rehhstag last. In response to the ttnlrersal ouery
point of snr-port of Pakar. French 1 Ju -V; ,h' rrwM'nt declared, must de- as to the reasons which Impelled the
Senegal, with the adjoining coastal th of " or,J This chief executive to make his arpear
district The barred tone around the ';,,s ,n 1,n wi,h his prevkms d-c!ara-, anoe so unexpectedly before congress
Xores is extended easterly over the .,ion ,n"1 ,n m(,rd of the present nil , again to enunciate the aims ot the
island of Madeira which serves our ad- ," pf Crmany could not be taken tt'-
T.nt.Mii. .1U , . at IK , I 1 I!... .i.n, .ta.t r. . k L.K 1. I... hi . V .
. . . ... m s "The extensions writer, are prticn-i . . . . . 7 .. ... ....... 7 . ..
. ' - - j 1 . .1. ,1a larlied In the messate affect the
" era
I versaries as a point of support."
'anything worth while, but he took
(Continued oa rage Five.) TWO
THE BIS BEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY MORNING, JANUARY 9, 1918.
G 0 i i ! G ! GOING!! GONE!!!
illlllA fMOAAIIUTA !
l nflli; K .N
ff IK UVJ VIUVUUIIIU
II unnrn otdfhpth
I HUULU 01 ILliUIII i
Great Auction
OF HIGH-GRADE
JEWELRY
Sale
RETIRING FROM BUSINESS
LOWELL JEWELRY SHOP
LOWELL
"Nathanson & Marcellus"
Every article in their large and up-to-date stock of Jewelry, Dia
monds, Cut Glass, Hand-painted China, Etc, must be sold to the
highest bidder.
Auction Now Going On 'crout?2
Every Afternoon at 1 :30, Evening 7 o'Clock, until the entire stock
is disposed of.
Valuable souvenirs will be given at each sale. Tickets will be
given to EVERY PERSON attending our auction and you do not
have to make a purchase to entitle you to the souvenirs, which will
-be selected daily from our High Grade Stock.
On the last day of the sale a SPECIAL SOUVENIR valued at
$30.00 will be given to some lady or gentleman.
FRED ST. CLAIR, Auctioneer
SHOWCASES, CASH REGISTER AND
ALL FIXTURES FOR SALE.
I
OF THE TEUTONS
sines. Lens and Ypres one hundred
land iliirtv-one Herman iiiens were;
engaged and defeated bv less thknj
half that numher of British. !
j 'Without reckoning ti;e possibilities j
; ipened np by our territorial tains In !
Flanders and without considering the '
effect which a less vigorous prosecu-'
;ion of the war by us might have had ,
'a the other theaters. we have every j
reason to be satisfied with the results :
achieved in the past year's fishtir.g." j
"IT SURE SURPRISED
ME," SAYSW. R. VADE
Overcome Troubles In a
Wfflc'i Tune Taking Tan-
lac and Is Back On the Job. i
GREAT PRESS WIRE
HANDLES MESSAGE:
(Continued From Page One.) ,
,
owing to a variety of unexpected dei
velopnients. I
Steady Successes. j
Notwithstanding these difficulties.'
the whole story of the years . work Vpre$ycnf, AJ Sent tc
steailv continuation of British suc-
Every Part of the Civilized sin,PIV hd 13 qu,t worS"
ach was in such an w
World.
steady
cesses and German setbacks, which j
five General Haig ground for his p-,
timistic conclusion. ,
! "The Flanders offensive was niaia-j
t fined for three and a half months
i uuder mo6t adverse conditions," says
"It's the honest truth before I had
taken this Tanlac a week 1 was well
and strong enough to go back to
Lwork " said V. R. ade. a well known
resident of YVlnnfield. La., the other
day. "I had a very bad case of stom
ach trouble and rheumatism." he con-,
tinned, -that knocked nie out so I
orking. My stom-
ful fix every-.
Mn I nnM ent disagreed with me
I and made me miserable ail the time.
My limbs and joints woutd ache so t
NEW YORK. Jan. S. l'roid-'iit I could hardly stand it and. in fact, tor
Wilson's td.ir,s lo c. lcii-ss oJ.aV i a whole month before taking Tanlac I
J. B.
ANGIUS
PURE
FOOD
GROCER
entailed almost superhuman exertions " distributed to every news center j wasn't able to put in a full day s work
. - . . , ,. , in me civiuxeu noriu iuiuuta esseu
:The enemy did his utmost to hold his;
tially the same publicity machinery j
t ail.
One of my friends had been taking
which was utiliied in sending broad-1 Tanlac and told me it had done him
PHONE 29
i
grouoa. aua n .. cast the presidents address at the op-j world of good, so 1 pot me a bottle to
used up no less than seventy-eight . iw.,w j th, .T -n -i, .mril me.
divisions, or which IS were engaged a on pubIio af0rnwnon a.id i for I began to' feel better right from
second and tbtrd time after being the v,Hous sovenimetital and commer-i the verv first dose and before the
withdrawn to rest and re -it- cj, news opra... lC .ort.j week was out I was back on my joo
"Despite the magnitude cr Ma ef- and South America. Kuraae. Africa, and have been working risht along ev
forts. it was the immense natural dif-i Australia and the Far East, cn-c-per.it ! er since like nothing had ever been
ficulties, accentuated manifold by ab- ed in publishing the address. So well j the mktter with me. I never saw any
normally wea weather rather than the Uid were plans for herald'u,; the pres-; thing in my life before to give such
enemv's resistance, which limited pro- ident's words around the wo:M that ouick relief as this Tanlac. and I
' gress and prevented the complete cap- one hour and forty-five mir.o.ios afn r j haven t bad a single symptom of my
ture of the ridge. Whit was actually he began speaking, word ws recoiv- trouble since I started on it." -
accomplished under such alverse con- ed at the press censor's ojlce here I Tanlac Is sold in Risbee by J. M.
itJitions is the most conclusive proof that the entire address hsd been ce-.Rall. in Douglas by Douglas Drug Co..
that, given a normally fine August, the livered to a!l centers in South America ia Paradise by G. A. Walker, in Bowie
j capture of the whole ridge in a few Similar advices were receive! at in-; by Bowie Drug Store, in San Simon by
week was well within the power of tervais or a tew minutes iter tnis j. b. loose in v ucox oy .a. a. -
our men nour tellins ot receipt of the address , son. in Lowell by Lowell Drug t o.
"They advanced everytime with ab- ia other foreign capitals and nscen-, Benson by C. F. .oss Fhcy
solute "confidence in their oower to " Gleeson by B. A. Taylor.
I overcome the enemv. even though Walter Rogers, director of the divl-,
some times they had to straggle slon ?f foreign press service of tl:- ot the present war with Germany. It
through mud waist deep to reach him. commme " puuc wnuim i- bomes more than eTtr oougstory
As long as they could reach him they nlht estimated the achievement wi!l upon ,,very officer and employe of the
overcame him. but phvsical exhaus- ,ue approximate r, railroads to apply hlmseit witn unrr-
Telephon 444
A Phone Call Will Brin Ua.
LOS ANGELES JUNK SHO
Highest Cash Prices Paid For'
Matala. Rubber, Rag. Sacka, Bottlaa.
Bone. Iron, Hida. Patta. ate.
HOROWITZ BROTHERS. Proprietor
LowIL Ariaona.
THE REVIEW
Job Department
wiH furnish tu an estimate
cn that job on short notice
in
and in
Adv.
I
BUDGET PLAN IS
fiFn
FllR
Felony Warrant SHIP CREWS REACH
For Express Man' SHORE IN SAFETY
to Get Over Ice in River to
Food and Water.
11
Ultlll II 1111 II II I III! m nnr T s i rl . i
cnarging ourgiary was issuea loaay ; uuu uiig i iw uwum iitu
for Maurice C. Reisinger. missing cash
ier of the Miami office of the Wells
Fargo Express Company, who disap
peared a few days ago leaving the
safe, to which he alone in the district I
had the combination, locked and tak
ing 121.000 in currency. The author!-' QUEBEC. Jan. 8. Shifting of the
tie have Koon im.hio tn tnr hi ice has enabled the crews of four Ani-
whirta curtailment already has been I n,0Tement8. Several davs before leav-' ericn steamships imprisoned :j the
effected is in the brewing industry. I ing hls ife wms sent "to Pnoenil to St. Lawrence river near Cape Chatte
Representatives of the Americaa Tisit relatjTes. Tte police be-,10 re"ch 5Dor nd relve thir is-
Erewers" association and others aJ-'jjeve ne sought refuge below the Mex-i188 for rk of food nd wer-
filiated with the making of beer vol- - i.. border cording to reports from that vicinity
toaay.
The four ships were identified s
the Sicoa German. Key West and
ith the fuel administration i - UKCO UIIWUIKZ Ke-nor. understood to have Deen
requisiuonea Dv tne i nitea states
ECONOMY IN FUEL
(Continued From Page One.)
17.000.
VILLA FORCES ARE
WHIPPED IN BATTLE
i
unteered a reduction of 100.000 tonv .
cf coal annually. Other industries j
which have been represented in con- ffwllgyn TJnnhlti
rrpnn with the fuel administration i V-UltLO U llUUltZ
fcave been paint and varnish. " wal. ;
paper, confectionery.- artificial ice.
boxboard and glassware. The volun-;
tary reduction of one day's running
eac h week by the tx x. board manu
facturers wil! amount to l.i0.0K tons
a year and will take 3o.XK carloads
of merchandise freight off the con
gested railroads.
-New Essential" Industrie.
There are more than 100 industries
cot engaged in war work which most
curtail their use of fuel.
"These induMiies sometimes niis
ca'.lel ncn-essectUI indistries." says
the announcement, "are the backbone
of tbe country's economic system.
They employ tem million worker an .1
from them must come the taxes and
bends which win pay for the war.
These industries have never objected
to any curtailment of coal or material
or men which could be shown to be.
necessary to win tbe war. It was the
indefinite threat of annihilation by. re
strictive orders during the last two
or three months that has alarmed the
leaders of business and finance."
TV Vioif TtrwrlriV shipping board on the Great Lakes forPl this year have been very different ing Colonel Jose Escobar a
M.J V (oft UUI UEI ; Atlantic service. They were anions troiu those contemplated at the con- of his men as 'hostages in tl
' a number of lake vessels cut in two
to permit their passage through ti e
(By Review Leased Wire ; Well and canal and later re-assembled.
DOUGLAS. Jan. S. General P. Eli- They left Quebec for Atlantic ports
as Calles. military commander and several weeks ago. Each of the ves
govemor of Sonora. today wired Agua ' sets has a crew or twenty-five men.
Prieta officials that he had decided The Canadian ice breaker Montcalm
not to come to the border to investi- is working her way to their assistance
gate the fight last Friday between All are reported to have been d?ni
American cavalrymen and Mexican aged by ice.
customs men. in which two of the
latter were killed and one wounded.
General Calles said in his telegram
that the Yaqui situation would not
permit him to leave southern Sonora.
The Mexk-an customs man who was
wounded in the clash died at his home smothered to death today at the Jock-
in Agua Prieta early this morning. sonville state hospital by two patients
Marian Meneka of Springfield and
ATTENDANT SMOTHERED. '
l Hv Rev1w Leased Wire)
JACKSON. 111.. Jan. S. Miss Helene
Branstitter. aged !0. an attendant, was
tion placed narrow limits on the flepth
to which each advance could be push
ed and compelled long pause between
advances. The fu!l fruits o each suc
cess consequently were not always ob
tainable. Time after time, the practically
beaten enemy was enabled to reorgan
're and relieve his men and bring r
'nforcements behind the sea of mud
which constituted his main protection.
Notwithstanding the many difficulties
much was achieved.
"Our captures in Flanders since the
end of July amount to twenty-four
thousand prisoners, seventy-four gun
snd nine hundred and fcrty-one ma
chine guns. It Is certain that the
?nemy losses exceeded ours.
Allied Troop Coed.
"The most important or all Is that
our new and hastily trained armies L pASO Jan vuu forr u.
igam have shown that they are cap- der j,ortino ornelas. Canuto Reves
ble of meeting and beating the ne- and Martjll epp defeated bv
my s best troops ; under conditions ,be redera, mlumn commanded bx
which favored his defense. General Pedro Favel at Palomas. Kx.
"In this respect J desire to enipha- miiM nfh r non rhihnhna on
(size the supreme Importance c ade- January 1st. according to a message
quate training prior to placing troops received tonight by Andres Garcia,
in the line of battle. It is essential, consul general here from Mexican Con
if sacrifice is to he svoUed and success Sul Cosrae Benicoechea. of Presidio,
assured, that troops going Into bsttle The courier was delayed in reaching
should first be given the opportunity the border. No estimates of the num-
for special training under olficers per of dead and wounded on each side
who' are to command them in tbe task w ere given. Villa was not present.
""hh they ar called upen to per- Epifanio Holguin. a Villa command-
form. er. who recently applied for amnesty
The general conditions of the strug- from the Mexican government, is hold-
nd fifty
the inoun-
ference in November 1916. The great tains near El Valle. Chihuahua, an
general and simultanecus offensive American who arrived from there late
then agreed upon did not materia'.iie. today reported. Holguin announce l
Russia, though some o her leaders be would surrender to Escobar and
made a fine effort, not onlv failed to accept amnesty. When the federal
give the help expected but even failed force 'nt wpt his surrender
to prevent the enemv from transier- Holguin with a superior force raado
rin fortv fresh divisi.in from her the federal colonel and his command
front in exchange for tired ones useJ Prisoners sending a mes.age t o Jnar-
up in the west, or from replacing his
esses en the west by drafts of "resh
men from the east.
"The combined Franco-British of-
WATSONS & BERGQU1ST
Jewelers and Opticians
'"N
fcwew rfn-w aT-- SiaH JWatarHMMSr
TH HALLMARK Storw
! served energy and unquestioned
; loyalty to his work.
i T;ie sunreme interests of the na-
! tion tave compelled the drafting of
! a great army of our best young men
! and sending them to the bloody fields
i of France to tight for the lives and
liberties of those who stay at home.
EYE NERVE CLASSES
I fit glasses without
drugs, drop or dang
er, and guarantee sat
isfaction. Fnones: OfTk 154.
Residence Black i0.
OR. R. GLAZE. Ophthalmologist.
jpstajra, Ovr Wool worth' Storw.
WITU LtllULIJII ABMY The sacrifices we are exacting of these
If llll I LULI1ML HIlllll : noble American boys ra'.l to us who
stay at home with an it-Testable appeal
."lo support them with our most nn-
General Fa vela Trounces VU- eiris.i and effort in the work we
n - must do at home, if our armies are to
IlStaS at 1 alomas On Janu-; save America from the serious dang-
. r i ' i g-, j ers that confront her. Vpon the rail-
ary 1. Keoei Lommanaer , m ,,-4 resptmsibiiity fort
TlAns TaM on FriVrl the success of the war. The rail-i
iLyns taoies on rederM fnnot effio,entlT onerated
ColoneL 1 without tie whole hearted and loyal
support of every one In the service
from the highest to the lowest.
Iearnestly appeal to you to apply
yourselves with now devotion and
energy to your work, to keep trains
moving on schedule time and to meet
the demands upon the transportation t
lines, so that our soldiers and sailors
may want for nothing which will en
able them to fieht the enemy to a
standstill and win a glorious victory
for Cnited America.
"Kvery railroad offoer and employe
is now. in effect, in the service of the
I'nited States, and every officer and
employe is just as important a factor
in winning the war as the men in uni
form who are fighting in the trenches.
"1 am giving careful consideration
to the problems of railroad employes
and every effort wil be made to deal
with tese problems justly and fainy
and at the earliest possible moment.
There should be a new Incentive to
everyone in railroad service, while
under government direction, to acquit
himself with honor and credit to him
self and to tiift country.
BISBEE TRANSFER,
STORAGE & COAL CO.
Warehouse a Office Op posit Depot
PHONES 640 and 50.
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Solicit Your
Patronage
'PHONE 53
A
CATARRH
Cf THE
BLADDER
24 Hours
tl "IUH JJUi CUM ;tne Keys. unlocked the doors and es
T n , caped.
Lf ernes jteporz
1 w 1 ii.r iiuru vr Tu tnis iit-ci. iu iur
Stella Coppa of Chicago. After kill- circumstances the task of the Mritish
ing Miss Branstitter tne patents took ,nd i,,,.,, ,rmies has f,r hMV
er inroucr.oQi tne year tnen oncina:
ex and Chihuahua City that, unless r?
was given amnesty and commissioned
a colonel in the fedwnrl ami', he
woulj execute Colonel Escobar aud
ki. r... t . .1 V.-. . 1 .
. . . . . . . . . . Tiling iiiiiianu. .v iri-n itt
'ensive In the spring was launched be- . . . .. , . '
, ... 1 ' . , " . been made to the demand.
ore tlaly was ready, and the splenlid
effort made bv Itilv later was un
satisfactory followed by developments
which resulted in the weakening of
the allied force 'n this theater. In the
McAdoo Asks for
United Effort
ENDORSES PROHIBITION
iBv Review I eased Wlret
SPRINGFIELD. Ills.. Jan. . With
out opposition members of the state
executive committee of the Brother
senting ;v.0h Illinois locomotive en
gineers, in session here today, endor.
ed nation-wide proMMtlon. '
WWVrrtWWyrWrrrV
QHICHESTR S PILlS
f VKk' l Ut4k A
HENESSEY
UNDERTAKING PARLORS
Robert Henessey, Prop.
Opposite Depot Ambulance
,JJ s v. Mt .-
vt-a v n. mf tin
LOWRY PARROTS SPRECKLES
CHAMBERLAIN GUILTY.
GOOCHLAND. Va.. Jan. S. Dr. Asa
iveri-onni t c tv- n ! W. Chamberlain today was found
AMSTERDAM. Jan. S The follow-- .... v . , . , K,K,
ing official statement has been iss'
. by the Wolff bureau, the semi-official
news agency in Berlin:
"Tue report Is published from Amer
ican headquarters that the Germans
invrd to ireat . merir&n p: isorers
systematica! worse than Britisb.
French and Italian prisoners, and is
(Hy Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. Jan. The sea-,
ate manufactures committee peot to-'
day in the sus&r investigation tearing
Frank C. Lpwry. secretary" of the Fed
eral Sugar Refining Company, the
laraest refining company, complainiug based allegedly on an official German
acamst ice roemous ot me ooa ia- ttal(,nf.st th Americans are hard
ministr
that
A. precFies, presraeni 01 me com pa- an ff.ial .j
i:ir piiorisioxA l
Uil.tl) V PORTUGAL
y was anticipates, and tne enemy s
neans of meeting our attack was
greater that he or we expected.
Allies Make Record.
"-" ' - - siaiemem teat Americans are nam
istration Lowry rtiterated much-of na0erstanding and unal.le to coti
was t3ld the committee by Clausjdnct themselves like gentlemen. Such :
ny. t !:airman Keea a tain attackea
Food Administrator Hoover.
CALL FOR CONVENTION
"Aaiduan pii-cpcrs will be treit-i
eil j,.st rs kindly and considerately as.
all other prisoners." i
PULL DOESNT HELP
(By Review Leased Wire.)
CHICAGO. Jan. 8.-A call for a spe- noSTON. Jan. 8 -Joseph M Shaf -i
cial national convention of the pro- personal stenocrapher for William
lubition party in hiraco on March a
was issued today by Vircil G. Hinshaw
G. McAdoo. secretary of the treasury
and director general of railroads, was '
cta.rn.an. i ne can com.niea an ap-, declared subject to call in tbe next
peal to the governors of -dry- states drft DT the Men,ption tni in Shaf !
and to those likely to go dry" for pe- ,,Hrs nonie d;strict , Fjls, BoSton fo
cial legislatures to ratify the proh:bi- djv Bthouch Secreurv McAdoo Tied!
tion constitution amendment. The an afridll, it with ,he ' XOUDg man's i
party will consider a merger a ith the questionnaire saving that he was a
necessary employee of the govern-1
ment. Shafer had aked for deferred.
new national party.
GOLD TO CHILI.
( Rv Review Ieaed Wire
SNTIAGO. rhiii. Jan. S The Pi
aro Illnstrado states thai the I'nited
StaJ," had agreed to permit the ex
portation cf sold to Chili so that a sol
ution of tT.ili's monetary problems
may be facilitated. Satisfaction iia his employment namelv that of Men
l-en produced here by this ai tion on oerapher and reporter, can be readily
the pnrt of tlie I'nited tSates, the news and easily performed by a person out-pa-r
says. side tl.e draft age
classification.
In a letter to Mr. McAduo. Chair
man William C. Maguire of the exemp-i
tion boMrd said: '
"This board f.-els that Shafer. em-!
ployed in your department lor a short
period of eight mouths, can be readily
replaced by another, and further, thai
- f ?a
- f. .
jo 1
iw y La. nu-fj
- t
(Cont.nue-1 From Page One.)
Food Administrator Hoover, who had
1 he nower and the railroads did pot.
"That under such circumstances we issued an order providing that no cars
won the victcries of Arras. Vimy and Cf grain be handled unless fully Kvad-
Messines. and the Frenih those at i. h added, that a change was
Morouvillers. Verdun and Malniaison lrought about.
constitutes a record or which the a!- Th- appeal of the director general
Hes have a right to be proul. The to railroad officers and employes.
British armies have maintained a whicti will be psted within a few
vigorous and continuous offensive days at every railroad station, shop
throughout the period covered by this and roundhouse in the conutry, is as
dispatch. No other example of of- fgllows:
f ensive action on so large a scale and McAdoo s Appeal.
o long and successfully sustaiaed has "The government of t.'ie, I'nited
been furnished by the war. States, having assume i possession and
"In the operations at Arras. Mes- control of the railroatis tor the period
JOHN G. WILSON
Contractor & Builder
Estimates furnished on all classes
of Buildings.
SEE ME LAST
Phono Groen 782.
BRUCE PERLEY
INSURANCE ?u .V'STS!?'
BONDS SI!?
Copper Queen Hotel Bisboo, Arte
Professor Sidonio Paco.
Professor Sidonio Paes. formerlv
minister cf public works and justice,
has been mad head of the ivtw pro
visional rorermaeut in Portugal by
the Republicans who overthrew tbo
goveranient of Dr. Alfomso Costa.
Bisbee Dye and Cleaning
PHONE 296 WorkS PHONE 296
Opposite Bisbee Auto Company, Upper Main St.
Who Does Your Cleaning?
Start the New Year right and send your work to
us. We have the best eqi ipped plant in the county,
and can handle anything thct can be cleaned. Phone us
and our machine will call, and we will deliver your gar
ments when you want them.
There is something of the ope'i-air freshness about every winter
garment cleansed by us. Through cur servi.-c the new rpo;rai o
of wearing apparel may be retair.pj Indefinitely. I;c;wr cleansing
at regular intervals is the most intelligent economy that can he
practiced. Iet us add usefulness lo your inter garments by keen
ing them new and fre?i and attractive. Let our slogan be yours.
Service, Sincerity and Quality.
TRY US AND V.E CONVINCED
DANCE
EAGLE HALL
EVERY
SATURDAY
EVENING
8:30
(F. O. E. 175)
SHAWS ORCHESTRA
r
Opr Snop Is New
and Sanitary
W will appreciate your patronage
and a ssurs you of courteous treat
ment SUNSET BARBER SHOP
(Wool worth Bldg., Main Stroot)
C Rosenbarger, Propr.
mm4
GOOD LUMBER IS
BOTTOM
AT THE
Si
of our success. Low price may
help some, but It's the fine qual
ity of our lumber that brings
our customers back time and
aain K pays us to sell food
lumber. It will pay you better
to buy It. It lasts longer and
Is more satisfactory to work up.
Try us with an order and youH
come back when you want more.
Bisbee Lumber Company. inc
EMIL MARKS. MGR.
LOWELL CAR TO.
PHONE IS. THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY MORNING, JANUARY 9, 191S.
THREE
4
J
i
V
Mining and Financial News
BY REVIEW LEASED WIRE.
(By Review Leased Wire) IGoldfield
NEW YORK, Jan. S. Wall street , Hancock 9
did not take kindlv to the president's : Indiana 75
comprehensive statement of w aims ; inspiration
as set forth in his unexpected we-; Kenneoott
6age to congress today. Stocks de- Lake
cliiied. The address, as viewed by'I- Sn!!e
financial interests offered little hope. Miami
of an early solution of the many grave . Mohawk
problems bow encasing the attention ; Nevada . .
of this country nd its associates in i North Butte
the war. ! Nip
Previous to its delivery in fact; Old Dominion
throughout the forenoon and daring j Osceola
the early mid-session prices were one j Pond Creek
gain of 14 j Ray Cons.
v advanced Shattuck
to three points higher. American to-jQuinry
fcacc-o made an extreme
points and Texas company
six and a half points. Shannon
Immediately after publication o the 'Superior Boston
salient features of the president's ad- Utah .Copper
dress the list began to sell off. react
ing two to five points under lead of
United States steel and investment
rails.
The decline became general in the
last hour, the market showing little
recuperative power at the close. Sales
amounted to 775.000 shares.
A large proportion of the day's ir
resrc'ar" operations in bonds centered
around the liberty issues, the 3'i's
stllin? at SS.S5 to 9S.7S, the first 4's
or convened 3H's at 97.84 to S7.7S and
the second 4"s at 9S.S6 to the new low
record of 9.;6. Totsl -Sales of bonds,
par val:ie. aggregated $4,650,000. Un
ited States 4's. old issues, were per
cent higher on calL
ADDRESS HURTS GRAINS.
41V
SI5
6
ZK
3"'-,
63
14H
S
1
IS
74".
:v
16
S'i
3
0
Utah Cons 10ti
Winona 1
CURBS.
Arizona . .
Arkansas i-
Ausiin
Arizona Silver Kins
Bis Ledge
Butte & London ..
Calumet Jerome
Cornelia
Con. Arizona . .
Con. Copper .. ..
Curtiss
Der.a
Dundee
Kir ma
Federal Oil
Cadsd-n
G. Monster
q Island
Rcwe Sound .. --
He; la
'rrirsticn Needles
Jerome Verde ....
Jerome Victor . .
Va:rm: Casper . .
(Fy Review Leased Wire)
CHICAGO, Jan. 8. President Wil
son's address to congress broceht
about considerable selling of train to
day, chiefly by dealers who drew Quick
inferences that the outlook for i n earlv
peace hrd been improved, but the bulk j Magma Chief .. .
of the trade held off. Prices closed i Miami Con
unsettled, a shade to 5tr net lower for: Vasnate
corn, with January $1.7M, Q and ! 'tts-rch Jerome
Slay $1.25 to Sl.ZhH. Oats showed a 1 P-ay Here
net loss of IVc to l4r. Pravis'ons ! Santa Rita.
finished 10 to 35c down. jTom Reed
Until the presiient's address beenme United Eastern ..-
a factor, com prices disp'ayed fl-m-!vre Extension
less. As soon, bowe'ee. as bulletins 'Verde Combination .. ..... -
becan to come telling wh5t the presi-'v"est End
dent had said, prices began to sarr. 3 j Wolverine Arizona
adequate outline of the address was i White Caps
available on "change here before thelWri?ht M.rtin ... ". ..
session closed. I
Selling of oats was nncb more free! OATMAN
than in corn. Snnnr.r f3.iwt t ! (By Collins Ernherton)
until the market had brokea :uc in Ar2
some cases. " j dairs
Prospects of larger receipts of hogs! r-)na Rex ... .
weakened provisions. irinr.a Tom R..
'- jC.old Ore
WOULD ADJUST CORN PRirc !Cv,d R -
5-1
1
It
1.
15;
1
is "
i"s
12
3S
4
115
11-16
i
3
i.
4
V.
3-
1-lf
S3
r.90
3S
.03
.02
.02
IB fil
OF TOE RATIONAL
LEAGUE FOR 1918
(Ey Review Leased Wire.) j
CINCINNATI. Jan. S. August Kerr-j
man was re-elected chairman and !
John E Bruce was re-elected secre-j
tary of the national baseball eemmis-,
sion at the annual meeting of the
commission here today.
ATHLETIC PROGRAM
AT CAM? FUNSTON IS
LARGEIN JANUARY
Many Field Sports are Sched
uled for the Month in
Eighty-ninth Division of the
National Army Forces.
IK TRADED
TO BOSTON
TWO OTHER Hi
ruR
' CAMP FUNSTON. Kans.. Jan. S.
January is a bg month in athletic
. circles at Camp Punston an-1 the SSth
!::. ro-
sive scale than at the larger collect y l.v, I,U at. r.e- w !sn
10 tks;o:i in ernan:- iir 1 iu:it i y-
kr.
lovle returns to the dub wi:'a which
NEW YORK. Jan. 8. The New York
National leasue tlub arncunced to
night that it tad traded Second Base
man Charles I llenoc. cp:aiu of
la-t year's championship ciub to the
Boston Nationals fr Sei-oad Baseman
Lawrem-e lKiyle and P.tcht-r Jese
Barnes.
Tne transaction tls'd a Hi- ilirec
Oinp to the fr that only minor national array division w.ll corduct . coruereJ d.al invo'.v.r.a Chi. a-o. New
mp.tters were to be considered by t.te jmPr Sp0rts on even a more exten- York and Huston cU:bs. t
commission the interest cerierea in
nmlia. nf itd)o r Vi 1 1 were ht':np at-
tempted by various bip league clubs, and universities, the belief of toe ,er
Esrlv in the dav a rumor from a in charge of the training of the di
well authenticated source hr.d Crook- visian being that a soldier must have he won his treatest fame. a ho plav-
lyn rivinit Zach Wheat and Cutshaw physical training as well as military ej i;h tiie New ork Ntir.ns!s
for Pitcher Al Mammaux of Pittsburg. training to combat the boche. from 1T until he was tradinl r.ear the
and a cash consideration. Barney' The basketball team representing end of the ISK season, with two
Dreyfus of the Pittsburg club, ques- the division has the following gares young players Hunter and Jacobscn
tioned concerning the rumor, said: during te month: January lit. I'ni- 10 Chicago, for He:nie ".nin'tca.
"It sounds pood, but it is untrue. : Tersi'y of Kansas at Lawrence; Janu- Pole captained the Giants' ehamj.ions
That's the only bad part of it." ; ary IS. Nebraska Wsleyan at Lin-'tf lPll 1912 and 19:3.
The rumor gained credence, how-'coin: January 19. Nebraska cniver-; Herxog now has figured ;n five d.f
ever. owing to the large number of sity at Lincoln, and January IS. Camp ferect deals made bv the New York
private discussions that took place Dodge at Des Moines or Omaha. : c-ub. He cane to the Giar.ts in 190!
between Ebbetts and Dreyfus. Inter-company basketball chamriot- ard in 1910 Herxog and Outf.el !er
Although rumor that would not , ships have begun. Each company will, Wiiliain Collins were traded to Isos'on
down, but which likewise was given J meet every other company ouintet in for Outfielder Beals Becker. la n;id
offirial denial, was that Catcher! the regiment or separate unit. The season of 1911. New York cot V.im
nrHir r ih T nnis Nationals had : team srorinr the hichest percentage shortstop Al Bridwell and Catcher
been
Hend
Card
The Artistic Souls of
Bisbee Needleworking Women
Have Been Captivated
By
Professor H. Vance Shaw's
Beautiful Work
Enthusiast ic classes have been here every day
and much regret has been expressed at the short
stay of Professor Shaw. Do not put it off longer'
Join the classes now.
Professor Shaw is a graduate of Heidelberg
Art Academy and has had 22 years experience in
designing and teaching-: Teaching 38 stitches in
Beautiful Cut Lace Work.
ALL INSTRUCTIONS FREE.
sold to the Pittshu-g club. Jack , of wins will plav in the d-vision com- Hank Gowdy. I fYJa Ik M 1 ji 1 D if i
ricks, manager of the St. Louis ; pscy championship. A loving cup w;;i ; u nrcot im mart VUvMV Vlft A P 1 1 1 VjSPli M J II P A VtT I
inals. said: be awarded the championship five. , Harney were trauea to i incinnati tor i H lUW4rWVy I 'V WtV,Vf V W I
Snyder has not been sold to any-j Soccer fottball ateo bas a place on . outnelder Kooert iescner. .ev rj VI I
v and there ere good chances that i the athletic calendar. The division bo n.m Dark. ir me ui. ur.v m
will be with the Cardinals when team will r'ay a senes of exhibition ; m:a season oi io. i i.ener .viam-
I games eacS Sundar afternoon dsring : e wo. i"urr cu iuu.-. "-luri (
and cash. ' 1
nd fash.
intercompany soccer tournaments will ; the deal because he is a youn? pltye:
bod;
he
T- ii .nnoonra rrnpli txlked I te mrnih Efforts are beine made toiWiiliam McKechnie
of deal wherebv the Chicago Nation-! arrange an inteicamp schedule with! Pitcher Barnes is renied by Man
.1. t uracKi- f 5t In! hlrnin FWvti-P.nd Camn Doninhan The er McGraw as the b'.gcest figure m
fallen through. PresiJent Weegham
of the Chicago club offered1 four play
ers and an amount rf money reported
to have been $50,000 for Kbrnsby.
but this was turned down by the St
Louis management- Weegham an
nounced that this was his best offer
and that he was through trying. The
names of the four players that Weeg-
wiih lots of promise. Both D.yle and
Herrog are veterans, the former be;n-
ttirtyon years of age and the latter
thirty-two years. The New ork club
a!so announced that Outfieldor Ben
jamin KaufT had signed his 191 i roa-tract.
not
GolJ. Cliff
Lttcky Boy ..
?unnyside ..
(Ttx Review Leased Wire)
CHICAGO. Jan. X mv-ra k.
tie grain exchanges or the couatrv ,olTena"i,Ie
arranee d rmH -vith thp 'eder-." Tom Reed .. ..
government relative to the trarti.. il"aited Eastern
t nited ortnern
Tr.ited Western .
tied Lion
was launched todar by the ap
pointment of a committee for a con
ference with Food Director Hoover.
Under present refutation r .w
board, the maximum price on corn!
futures is I1.2S. Farmer. . 1 GadsSen
pla.ced that this price is unfair a.n
effort will be made to have the gov
ernment set a price whirh w!i be'
s-tisiactory to all interests
... .02
... .o;
. .. -i'T
... .S3
...3.S
... .07
... .02
OTHER CURBS,
COTTON MARKET.
(By Review Leased Vii- ! J.
XEW YORK. Jan. 8 Cotton closed ! Irs Needles
la a-trail verier
Green Monster .
fitte London . .
fhindee
Veni:re Hill ..
!"itts Jerome ...
Jerome Verde ..
Ark-Arirona
ome Pcrtlccd
firm at a net advance cf "7
points.
METAL MARKET.
t By Review Leased Wire!
CIC ACZ) Cf ISAT
Say little Salts In water may
save you from dread
attack.
IVaena CTief
i Wolverine-. rfcen . .
iViaml Mother Lode
', Verde Combination .
" :iami Consoliti-ted
NEW YORK. Jan! 8. Lead firm 'Ariz Eisbee Copper .
spot 6.25 to $7.00; spelter quiet- spot rctte Arizona .- ..
East Sl Louis delivery 7- to 7 -5, Jerome T.:sy .. ..
Bar silver SOK. ' , Nacori Con. . . . .
I Verde Apex
NEW YORK. f aiar ct & Jerome .
Closing Quotations. January 8, 1917 Feather River Go'.d
'By L. J. Oier!cck.i
jinaccnua
Anerican Csn
American Car ..
Amerrcsn Locomotive
Anertan Smelter
American Sugar
Baldwin ..
Beth R
C, and O. ..
C. F. nd I. .'.'.W'
Canadisn Parific
Central Leather "
Crucible
EWstillcrs .. ..
Erie
Goodrich . .
General -Motors ..
Industrial Alcohol
Lackawanna ....
Maxwell I
Marine
Marine Pfd.
Mexican PetroleVm
Mid vale "' '
Xew Yorfe Cectral
Xorthern Pacific
Reading .
Rubber .. .. .".
Republican Steel
Sttidebaker . .
Steel . .
Steel pfd. .."."" "" '
St. Paul
Southern Pacific
Sinclair . "
Texas Oil . . .'. .!"."
fnion Pacific .
tr. S. M ...".."
Westinghouse
. .C2
. .12
. .50
. .69
. .05
. .06
. -.-
. .27
.1.55
. .75
. .04
. .02
. ...1.12
bam was willing to give were
dinileed.
"S I a committer from the National as-
ls I sociation of Professional BasebaU
1" I clubs, beaded by Secretary FarreL
7i I waited upon the national commission
and discussed ways and means where
by the minor leagues could be bene
fited by active co-operation with the
I ma tor leagues. No definite plans
.M I were made but the national cemmis-
-2 sien assured the committee that the
.03 majors would co-operate in every way
.35 possible, with the end in view of ec
.05 courasing the minors in 191S.
J5 Bo'i Chairman Kerrman and Sec
... retary Bruce submitted their annual
.03 reports, azd several cases of minor
.10 importance were disposed cf. The
.ST commission will meet again tomor
S.?5 rovr.
.OS The commission announced that an
... agreement had been reached in the
F-eral league case, but no details
'-e'-e given.
The o;:cstkn of war tax on admis
mt 1 siens to ball parks, including passes.
.C i ws r.ot discussed by the commission
- i tmlay. Announcement was made that
: t'-.i? matter is Jn the hands of the
C , x-mTi';-.e wmcn has Deen appointed
! ii vis.t Washington and inauire into
?ie cr-eratioa of the tax
jo
.3S
J2
.42
1.T5
9
.SI
.10
0
.50
.42
.15
1.25
5
1V
3Si"
55U '
77 "s '
99 :
5S i
7S
36s
MS ,
1
164
39i
11 ;
li;
26
:ii
8-4
46 H
70-
S5
74
534
50
93S
10S
451,
4
BOSTON.
Adventure
Allouez
Alaska " " '
Arizona Commercial .
Put'e
a r A
C. H
Chief Range
Chino
Chile
E. Butte
Granby
Green Can
Rheumatism is easier to avoid than
to cure, states a well-known authority.
We are advised to dress warmly; keep
i the feet dry: avoid exposure: eat iess
meat, but drink plenty of good water.
1 Kheumatiem is a airect result 01
eating too much meat and other rich
foods that produce uric acid which is
absorbed into the blood. It is the
function of the kidneys to filter this
acid from the blood and cast it out is
the nrinii- the nnren of the skin are
also a means of freeing the blood oH(
this impurity. In damp and ctiil'.y
cold weather the skin pores are closed
thus forcine the kidneys to do double
work, they become weak and slusgish
and fail to eliminate the uric actd.
which keeps accumulating fcnd rirrn
lating throuch the system, eventually
settling in the joints and muscles.
! causing stiffne-s and pain called rheu
matism
- H'H, At the first twince of rheuinatis-n
. . 1135 pet from any pharmacy ahc.ut four
- :l ounces of Jad Salts: put tafclepoon
. . 39'i ful in a j'via of water and dritik 'f
(fore breakf.15 each mominr fcr a
TECHNICAL KNOCKOUT.
( Rv Review Leased Wire
BOSTON. Jan. 8. Harry Carlson of
Brockton was giving Stanley Yoakum
of Denver such severe punishment in
the tenth round of their 12-round box
ing match tonight that the referee
stopped the bout. Carlson was award
ed a technical knockout.
be irin Saturday. January 12. A cup
will be awarded the winning teem.
Boxing and wrestling schools are to
continue during the month under the
direction of Bob McAllister, former
Pacific coast middle-weight, who Is
acting as division boxing instructor.
A schedule of inter-camp boxing and-
wrestling meets between Camp Fun- Ay-v f-rl CV 1 111 !frt V
ston and Camp Dodge and Camn Poni-'X Ult.ll 1 ICII tjllli
phan is being arranged for the latter!
psrt of January. i
Track athletics have not been lost:
sicht of in making up the January
athletic program. A 12-lap board
track is to be constructed at once on
Dustin Farnum
At Eagle Today
Mystery and romance vie for inter
est in the newest William Fox produc
tion. -The Scarlet IMmpernel." which
wili Pustin Fare Jin as its star, will
be shown at the Eagle Theatre for
two days, beginning today.
I The story of the picture dea's "ith
; the attempts of a band of revohit.oa
ia;y leaders in the France of 17S2 to
" ! catch a group of Englishmen who are
"Polly of the Circus"' Margaret Ma--rescuing condemned noblemen from
yo's world-tamed classic of the "BiS . Paris. The conspirators are headed
In Great Feature
Ik Best
the main athletic field and practise Tops and now converted from tne by Sir Percy Blakeney. kuvwu as
for the division track team will start celebrated play into a tremendous pho-1 -The Scarlet Pimpernel" tlmstH
as soon as the track is completed. A to-spectacle. comes to the Central The- Farnum). ,
relay carnival between athletes of aire today and Thursday as the first i Chauvelin (William Burress) leads.
Camp Funston and Camp Dodge and of the eagerly awaited tdwyu F10 the revolutionists, and in his eETarts
Camp Doniphan has been scheduled fares. Alter an absence of aimo.-t i.n
for January 2C at Kansas City. An entire year from tie screen. Mue
inter-regimenty carnival will be held Marsh, who won world-wide populari
January 20. ty in "The Birth of a Nation" and "ln-
. I tolerance." comes a?ain to greet her
: hue tirongs of admirers in one ot ine
. : most beautiful and elaborate prodjc- B'.tkeney is aiuiost captured ia Calais
jtiocs ever made for the screen. "Polir gy a clever piece of trickerr he ui.ir.-
of the Orcus was direct eu ry ims. IM to escape, and ChauveMu last
' Koran, virtually a newcomer anions se3 C!m jn a boat, singing lustily, ou
directors, and the masuifice-Jt settings his way back to England.
jaud artistic details are the crejtinn ! n addition a Pathe weekly will be
rwvr-r-T e i o t i " . : of Everett Shina. the noted artist ; shown whicb have the first picture
VOl GLAS. Jan. 8. Local customs . TUU production literally abounds in of Halifax disaster,
men today were notified that creaf-! sfi;Jtiment ana ,hriiu Ior pi,, of ,a j
lcr 'ipiients to Amencau-ownea !, Thre is m remrkablv excitm
Gold Export to
Sonora Cut Down
le almost converts Lady Flakeuy
: (Winifred Kingstonl to his aid. At
; the time she does not know tiai her
I husband is the leader cf the r?scuii
band.
Matters are brought to a crisis when
As Last Resort
terprtses in Mexico other than the tfce , JC!ion of ,n a.; T"; jC
amounu necessary to pay the Mn-;tipe circU3 rerforr.ian.c inclad.t'g all llllS i7lUICCC
k-v- . " ,mPV o"f win oe , r he auima, aaJ rta;n ctS!: Ihe Kr.;
prohibited This order, which origi- of the ciml3 iu a vinae r J osy.;
nated with the federal reserve bans. I b,ak ,nd its dure iu ,he n.ht:
also forb!ds the taking into Mexico or.lhe ourninjr of u e main tcr.t and the,
gold certificates for any except the j s, ,mpede of the audience. Aad there
two purposes specified. No American js a ,ove s,onr pf erea er il: tm and !
gold, the order says, may be used ra bealltT than you have ever before'
the payment of wages, or in purchase an
of supplies or in any other macraer
than to pay taxes and duties and those
procuring gold for the defined uses
must give an accounting to the Crated
States of w hat they did with the sup
ply of gold already obtained by them.
BUCKEYES DEFEATED. !
IOWA CITY. Ia- Jan. S. Wiscons;a
defeated Iowa tonight 31 to 22 in a
western conference basketball gam?.
SCENES IX GUA TEH A LA CITY. REPORTED SERIOUSLT
v. DAMAGED BY QUAKES AXD ERUPTION OF rOLCAXO
VrW
1
i-
j week. This is said to eliminate uric
1 acid by stimulating the kidneys to nor
514 mal action, thus ridding the blood of
IS thee impurities. I
lls Jad Salts is inexpensive, harmless
'x and is made frcm the acid of grapes
63 and lemon juice, combined withlithia!
443 and is used with excellent results by
46Vi thousands of folks who are subject to
42 rheumatism. Here you have a pleas-
16' 1 ant. effervescent lithia-water drink
10 . which helps overcome uric acid and Is
78 beneficial to your kidnevs as well.
3SH Adv.
i. '-I
. mm m
,'Bt Review Leased Wire.
KANSAS CITY. Jan. S. Jess Weag-
ley. a Clay cour.tr farmer, is In a
I Kansas City hospital with three bullet
wounds in his breast and Miss t-.uxa-heth
Clements, his fiancee, is dead
as the result of a shooting late today
in front of the latter's home near,
Linden. Ma According to Miss Cle
ment's mother. Mrs. D. M. Clements,
Weagley called the girl from the house
and shot her. He then walked down
the road a few hundred yards wJiere
I.e was found dangerously wounded
a few minutes later.
Miss Clements sent Weaglew a let-
contractors in Bisbee buy
from US. They figure it .
is WORTH WHILE to do
so. WHY DON'T YOU?
If you need them to
figure your work PHONE
US and we will see that
they get in touch with
you.
1 your contractor has
NOT figured with us ask
him to do so ; it will be to
vcur benefit.
Gibson-Hides
Lumber Co.
J.W.FSa!tluHsr. FtaicSS
! ter yesterday breaking off their en
' gagement. The letter and the en
j gagment ring she had returned were
, found in Weagley's pockets and across
the envelope he had written direc
tions for his funeral
; The objection of Miss Clements's
parents to their daughter marrying
Weagley was said to have been based
j largely on the fact that he was liable
to be drafted, having been placed in
! class A division by his local draft
; board.
I
REDS TO MONTGOMERY.
I iPt ReTiew Leased Wire.lt
I MONTGOMERY. Ala.. Jan. S The
incinnati National league club wH
train in Montgomery next spring, it
' was announced tonight.
ARIZONA
Bisbee Copper Co.
50c
PER SHARE
FOR SALE BY
COLLINS &
BRETHERTON
We Specialize in Jerome
and Oatman Stocks.
P. a BOX 1129 PHONE 26
rati of a bouse in Guatemala Gty
(above) and a typical street scene
in the capital of the Central Amre
icaa republic
The npjer picture shows a house
of the better crdcr in Guatemala
City. It was taken w hen Philander
C Iludx was touring; Central Amer
ica in 1912. and he is shwn standing 1
in the patio. Such place of Lenuty ,
axe destroyed or seriously damage 1;
from time ty the earth tremors, but j
the Central American rebuild be-!
tween quakes with an aliding optim- j
ism. j
The lower photo is a typical cap-
ital street. of earthquake and volcanic eruption.' city, be.-ame activs. It was reported
The recent calamity reported from The tremors lasted a week and then that iL'o.uuo persona were left home
Guatemala City was combination - Mount palir, volcano just outside the , less.
mm
J
. :
The Goyernment Requires More Snlplmr
The WARREN SULPHUR AND OIL COMPANY Is testinR out 100
acres, which th-y recently purchased. They have both OIL and SUL
PHUR developed in one well. Por the purpose ot developing and
equipping on a larger scale, they will continue selling the shares at
15 cents for a short time only.
FOR FULL PARTICULARS. SEE
F. BRIGGS & CO.
. B. Mason Bldg Phone 701.
Lowell. P. O. Box $007
' L J. OVERLOOK, BROKER
Correspondents: Paine, Weber A Co Boston, Duluth, Calumet.
10QAN A BRYAN, NEW YORK AND CHICAGO.
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK.
THF DAILY REVIEW WANT ADS BRING RESULTS FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY MORNING, JANUARY 9, 1918.
Published Every Day Except Monday By the
State Consolidated Publishing Company.
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
The Associated Press Is exclusively entitled to the
use for republication of all tews dispatches credited to
It or not otherwise credited to this paper and also the
local news published herein. .
AH rights ef republication of special dispatches herein
are also reserved.
Business Office Phone No. 39.
BRANCH CONNECTING ALL DEPARTMENTS.
Advertising Rates on Application.
Entered as Second Class Mail Matter at Bisbe. Arizona.
Under Act of March 8, 1879.
Subscription Rates, Payable In Advance:
PER MONTH -7S
THREE MONTHS
SIX MONTHS , -00
TWELVE MONTHS 7.6C
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per year
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per quarter .75
No Subscription Taken For Less Than 75 Cents.
Review subscribers not receiving a copy of The Bisbee
Daily Review before 8 a. m. will get one promptly by
special Western Union Messenger by telephoning the
Circulation Department , No. 39- The Review will con
sider it a favor f the irregularity of delivery Is reportee"
te the Circulation Department. The Messenger Service
applies to Bisbee only.
Wednesday Morning, January 9, 1918.
For the third time this winter the telegraph carries
a tale of storm and cold and suffering in the middle
and eastern states. And the Bisbee citizen who keeps
tab on the weather smiles a soft little smile and chalks
up the one hundred and fifteenth consecutive day that
has been, filled with sunshine and balmy zephyrs. .
General Maude, conqueror of Bagdad, who died re
cently of cholera, was buried with military simplicity be
eide some of his own soldiers Just beyond the city. He
wished it so. The same repose, simplicity, confidence
and modesty that had marked the life of this high type
of British officer marked his death. He sleeps beside
his men! He could not sleep in holier, higher ground!
"Turkey's war aims revealed." reads a headline. As
if Turkey had any war alms. She has been holding the
sack eTer since Germany ordered her to declare war.
She has already lost the choicest of her eastern pos
sessions and she must get out of Europe. Her soldiers
hare been killed by the thousand and her treasury bank
rupL If Germany shoulj secure her own peace tomor
row Turkey would be lucky to retain her.own nationality
out of the conference.
We are inclined to wiiice a little and complain a lit
tle over the goTernment censorship and food regulations
and many other things brought on Jf the war. but direct
and reliable word comes from Germany to the effect
thst in that unhappy wintry no man or sex of men can
call their souls their own. The government's iron hand
is npon every one and every class and every industry
and every endeavor. Punishment for the least violation
is Inflicted with a ruthless hand. No wonder that German;
is united for the war. It is worth man's life and the
life of his household and his beasts of burden to mutter
or to disobey.
Are you doing your part. Mr. Citizen, and you. madame.
for your country? No. not the Red Cross cr the Liberty
Bond or the food saving or any one of the score of other
things that tend to marshal our resources airainst the
Hun. But are you on the alert to detect and to oppose
and to stop disloyal utterances? Government secret ser
vice agents declare that this land is full of German cit
izens an 4 Americans of German parentage who do not
do or say anything bad enough to bring them to the bar
of justice or to judgment at the hands of a mob. They
hint and whine and throw cold water and make vague
charges and spread falsehoods and view with alarm
They criticise the government and decalre that war is
wrong and attack England's honor and doubt France's
fighting strength and exclaim over the great price tc
pay. Are you checking up these petty traitors and barn
acles? Do you choke tneir lies in their throat and call
them to time for their doubts and fears? Do you notice
how they spread this insidious propaganda every where
they go? At this time it is the most important of our
duties to raise our voice against these white livered
sympathizers with the kaiser's government that their
fathers fled in order to be free and to reap where they
had sewn. It is your duty to bring to justice any one
of them who goes too far with his or her lip disloyalty.
It is terribly hard to get any accurate information
about the great events of the war. Laconic dispatches
from general headquarters merely narrate the success
of an allied offensive or the breaking down of a Ger
man attack. Nothing much beyond this that is definite
and certain reaches the ear of the public Blunders and
failures of generals are never given out. A commander
is relieved, and the dispatches are careful to relate that
he has been given just as important command as a re
ward for his distinguished services. Sarrail. recently
deposed of command of the allied forces in Salonlra. is
now declared lo have been a traitor; that he disobeyed
positive orders to attack the Bulgars and thus allowed
Rumania to he overwhelmed. On the other hand. Gen.
Robert Nivelle, recently in command of the French
forces, was deposed, it was said by some writers, be
cause of Incompetency. Now comes Wyeth Williams, a
t-vrespondenl. and declares that Nivelle would
have gained a mighty victory over the Germans in hi
Cl.arpign offeasive of the spring of 1517 if the French
!
politicians had not become frightened at the slaughter j
and got an order from Paris stopping the offensive, j
Amid all these conflicting reports and charges and
praise and personal opinion it is hard to gain a c!ear
idea of who is who in the trend of the Great War
GERMAN LIES AND PROPAGANDA.
From all parts of the country come stories of the
work of German propagandists In circulating stories
about the war, about the conditions at the front and
about the situation at home. The Philadelphia North
American quotes a few of these stories, as follows:
"In the treason-factory output are stories that Am
erican battleships have been sunk by the German navy,
and the news suppressed; that thousands of American
soldiers have been killed; that a German army is to in
vade us through Canada; that hundreds or thousands of
Germans In this country are drilling for a revolt; that
Secretary Tumraulty Is in jaiL charged with treason;
that our troops in France are suffering for food; that
our troops in France hare quarreled with the British:
that articles knitted for the soldiers have gone to the
officers. They are all lies."
The same paper calls to mind a few typical stories
about the food situation, as follows:
That Herbert Hoover, federal food administrator,
gets a salary of $12,000 and lives in luxury. It is a lie.
He gives his services to the country, without salary, and
lives simply.
"That, at Camp Mix or Camp Meade, quarters of beef
are thrown away or burned. It is a lie.
"That tons of vegetables, principally potatoes, are
rotting through the carelessness of soldiers. It is a lie.
"That whole carload of fruit are decaying on the
railroad tracks, because the commission men want to
get high prices. It is a lie.
"That French army officers have been shot for selling
American wheat to Germany. It is a lie.
That Canada is holding its wheat so that it can de
mand a high price when the American crop is exhausted.
It U a lie - '
It has been suggested by a high authority that every
patriotic citizen should endeavor to trace down any such
rumors, and should communicate the facts to the nearest
United States marshal or deputy, or to the first police
man or deputy sheriff he meets.
SKELETON OF HUNT
CAMPBELL GASE IS
RATTLED IN COURT
On Last Day of Given Time
Campbell Attorneys File
Motion Asking for Rehear
ing of the Case. Douglas
Precinct Cited.
OPEN, OPEN I IX THE NAME OF PEACE
Interesting figures received by the Arizona State
council of Defense show that the American navy now
has a personnel strength approximating that of the much
larger British navy at the outbreak of the war. It has
260,000 enlisted men, 15.000 officers, 23.000 marines,
with 1J97 officers, and about 60.000 employees, in all a
strength of about 340.000. A year ago there were only
6$. 000 sailors and 4.500 officers and less than 1.000
marines, with 344 officers. Incidentally, a very large
part of the marine corps already is in France! doing duty
with the army. A year ago there were 300 naval vessels
of all types. Now more than a thousand are in commis
sion. The navy used to cost $S.KH.0iVO a month; it
now costs $0,000,000 a month. Within eighteen months
congress has appropriated for naval needs the enormous
amount of $.505,410,930. The navy has taken over the
principal radio stations of the United States and insular
possessions. It has its own projectile plant at Charles
ton, West Virginia. Its own powder mills at Indian Heed.
Maryland, and is operating at highest speed the greet
cannon factory at Washington, already one of the largest
of its kind in the world. It has its own aircraft factory
in Philadelphia and has five private plants building air
planes for its use. as well. Every advantage offered by
science is being studied and utilized where pos"b'e by
the naval consulting board, whereof the president is
Thomas A. Edison.
Prescott Courier: There is no question in our niiniv
but what the next legislature will by special appropria
tion bill provide for the payment cf a salary to Former
Acting Governor Thomas Campbell for the time he oc
cupied the gubernatorial chair of this state. Arizona is
not a cheap skate state and we are not a cheap skate
people. Campbell was Icrgely a victim of a combination
of combines; he gave his time and filled the job just
as well as anyone who knew him ever expected him to
and not to pay him th salary would be unfair and too
small to think about.
The Christian Science Monitor declares that the Af-cr
ican socialist party has pledged its aid to the I. W. W.
This news is not particularly surprising in view of the
fact that the reds of this organization are hack in the
saddle. They have been doing everything possible to
hamper the government in its prosecution of the war. and.
of course, find in the I. W. W now under indictment
In a dozen states, an ally with the German O. K. branded
upon its brazen sides. There are able and unselfish
men in this country who Lave socialist leanings anfi
t ideas and these are not to he confounded with the present
j activities and disloyalties of those who are now in con
trol of the party.
Sometimes the young year is sadder and more serious
as its baby feet todile from the cradle than it is in its
declining hours as it waits by the open fireplace, tooth-
i les. siehtless. broken of limb and speech, waiting for
i time to come with his sickle and cut it down and carry
! it away.
A German hand placed knockout (irons in the Kusiae.
1 ecp of freedom after the first draught had been trlten
The Russian has this cup to his lips again. If he drains
it to the dregs he is lo--t indeed, and the world koks
on helplessly and anxiously, as the uueemse ious Slav
hold;- the cup.
The skeleton or the Hurt-Campbeli
gubernatorial contest case was rattled
again when the counsel for ex-de facto
Governor Campbell, filed a motion in
the superior court Monday afternoon
asking for a rehearing of the case.
Like Gen. Byng's sensational drive
on the western front recently he
legal generals for the deposal of de
facto governor pulled their coup with
out the usual verbal artillery prepare
tion. and when the news that the mo
tion for a rehearing had been filed
spread through the capitol. surprise
was manifest on all s'des.
With the undisturbed lapse of 14 of j
the 15 days following the decision ot
the high court, it had been taken for
r ranted that the matter was settles
for rood. Monday marked the close
of the 15 days during which motions
for rehearing can be made. Judg
Sloan, tocether with his assistant?,
worked until almost the last minute
to get the legal papers to the clerk
of the supreme court on time.
As has been the rase throughout the'
long recounting and trial in the lower j
rourt. Douglas precinct No. 1 torm
the backbone of the attack of tn
Campbell attorneys in their motion for j
r. rehearing. i
The brief sets forth the contention!
that the supreme court erred in stat-!
ing that Douglas precinct No. 1 is not
a separate precinct as a unity. The
records show, according to the brief j
that the election officials of this pre-i
cinrt did not live in the precinct, arc" !
further, that they went to other pre-!
cincts to cast their own votes. That !
the boundaries of Douglas No. 1 were ;
'aid down and determined by the j
board of supervisors, as were the d-i
ditional six precincts in Douglas. Raeh
is as separate a precinct as any other
precinct in the state, it is contended.;
Other points cited in the brief are
as follows: j
That the supreme court erred Ir i
stating that the election hoard of j
Douglas No. 1 was made up of demr-!
crats and republicans toge.htr. The:
records show that all were democrats I
Also that all of the clerks of the board
were democrats, with the exception:
of G. R. Walters, who. although he.
swore that he was registered as a re-.
publican, is shown on the records cf
Cochise county to have registered as
an independent.
That the court erred tbsi thU illegal-'
ity could have been corrected by a
mandamus, as these officials were net
appointed by the board of scpervisors.
but were "filibustering" To'nrte-ers. It
would have been impossible to have
ejected them by man Junius proceed- j
inps after they had taken charge.
The supreme court has stated that
it i? significant that Cier? vis no ,
prosecution in Douglas No. L The
contestee. if given an opportunity, will
prove that the attention of the United
States district attorney was called to
the illegality of the election board cf
Douglas No. 1. and that a copy of tnv
record in relation to this precinct was
sent to the dfc-trict attorney of Co-'
chise county at the request of the as-:
sistant district attorney, aud that cf
every offer of assistance was given
for prosecution. ;
The court erred when it stated that i
the canvassing board of Coconino coun-:
ty reconvened within the legal six
days and canvassed returns of Camo
10 precinct. The record shows that it
was 15 days before the canvassing waa
done. Appallee will contend that Camp
10 precinct is exactly parallel to Wil
eus precinct in not being canvasser!
by the election board within the legal
time limit. !
In reference to this point, it may be'
said that Wilgus precinct was thrown
out by the supreme court, but both
precincts were counted in by the low
er court.
The brief goes on to say that the
court erred in deflecting 23 votes from
Campbell, counted by the lower ccurti
on ballots in which the cross had been
placed in front of. instead of after.
Campbell's name. The contention in
the brief is that there were only Kj
of sach ballots.
Appallee cites that Incontestable
evidence of Deputy Sheriff Cross,
president of the election board. Picket,
night sergeant G. M. Moore, all demo
crats, and republican watcher. Redlin.
It is pointed out further, that the1
j supreme court, itself, describes the ST
ballots of Douglas No. 1 as mutilated
I which in itself, would make them ii-
I 1 1 i ... ...: j
uu wn tiiv-u UflUK CIHlllirtl un
der t.re election laws.
The supreme court is in error in not
considering the distinguishing marks
j on liallots because of its reason that
I the integrity of the ballots had not
j been proven, nor is it shown that
' these distinguishing marks were ni:nie
by the voters themselves. If this n:l
j ing were carried out to its logical con
clusion, the equally unproven and sus
I ceptible of recount,
j Court erred in entering final ju.lc-
ment against appellee, con'rary to law
;wh'rh gives the appe!Ice the right to
'exhanst every possible resource with
I a new trial before the supreme court
can reverse the lower court and give
an original decision.
According to legal pi-vcedurc. conn
' sel for t'anipbell must, turrish. coinc
ident with their filing of the motion
with the court, copies of the motion to
counsel for Governor I ! imt. Th tat
ter has five days within which to tile
an answer to the motion. The r-urt
in ay tiscti indicate that it will hear
arguments on the motion or It may
( !;sose of e inotiou without ucr;g
V--r, ..
A
1 Ailk illvtl v7
it ' ' : I
in
V; :'.'- v iVS- y ' .--:tuv .
V-." C--" &. tt't I ---JlS' ''i- -cn-vT- VTfM
State and County News Briefs
Brief State Notes
The city of Globe is now drawing up
plans and considering bids on a new
sewer system tor the entire ciiy.
Tucson tuts begun the construction
of a new jail. It is announced that
t:ie walls w ill have wiK.iow s in tueru.
"partrjcnt. Mjor J. G. Macomb recom
mended ti.-l a ie::l of Mtuiers be
plai-ed on guard duty at the Yuma
dam. Major Macomb sjent a day in
specting the dam au.l iLe surroun.liaj
country and was ot the opiii:o;i tSat
the dai should be guarded. It is ev
pected that ire rvvcmmonaalivin raie
by t;e forr.ier commander w.ll be r
ried out by his successor.
ot te tiwsistent 14 boosters for the
road bond issue in Wilhox. II? saya
ti-at the talk of "isjuaciion" is purely
imagination on the p.trt of the dream
er, that the men interested in tfce wel
fare cf the county are strong for the
tc.ds everywhere.
Dr. von Klfinstu'd las announced a
meeting of t.'.e League oi tL joun.
west to be held at Tucson jaaoary 19.
Representatives from California. Ne
rauu. I tan. Colorado Texas. New
Mexico ar.d Arizona w.ll be present.
A Miss Murphy, making a wager
ride on her bicycle from New York to
California, ps.-c-ed through Flagstaft
Saturday. S:.e was forced to s;op
there for repairs tto the tiVe). Thus
far she has averaged 25 miles a day on
her sp'n.
Very much out of the oilinary tat
the weirfitig ot I'aui K. t ruuiiucy an.t
Miss Irene Turner, bo'h of Phoenix,
p.t i'lorence. Jiist to avoid t'.ieir
trends, they tad motored to Florence
to marry, intending to spend their
honeymoon in Tucson, and learned the
only minister available was at the
prison. Thero they journeyed with
their license and there they- insisted
th- cerenu-uy should be performed
probably the only one eer known be
hind penitentiary walls in Arizona.
Parvse approximating $T.H was
dor.v by a fire which attacked the
1 !-,'.!; l.u:a!wr compjnv's yard at
r.-rl.-. Sixth unJ I. at 12: 5 o'clock
S'.s.iv y nrraicg. The loss Is covered
ty fi'ir.nce. It was only by the nar
rowest margin that the entire stock
of luv.ber. valved at J5MMH). escaped
'lestrut Hon, The orgin may have
been incendiary, and It hicks a good
deal that way. tut a match careiessly
i::i a as:d or a tlisret or cUar
sf.:b Clay have dne tte business. The
suspicious circi.rcstar.ee is that the
lire s'arted '.ce to the siiewaik and
at su.-h ar. early hour in the morning.
In honor of King Cotton and Queen
Ailalta wtie are Grinning fame to the
Yuma Valley, the Yuma chamber ot"
commerce .s planning a tanrci to be
held sometir.'.e in February. It is
planned to bring prom.aent men hero
iroui Lot. Angeits. Phoenix and Tucson.
The Arixou- CectnJ bank of Flag
staff has taken over the Williams
State Imnk of Williams. C. C. Har
vey, formerly assistant vassier of the
Central bank, wiil be in charce of the
new brant h. 1 he Ceairal bank nov
has branches at Kineman. V .lliam.
Oat man and Chloride.
The Southern Pacific at its Tacson
officer has placed an embargo on its
trains to Mexi.x below Guayruas. Trat
lic win he resumed in a few- days
when ll.e company will send douu
military tiains with aratoreU cars aud
a heavy escort. Tassencers will be
carried at their ow q risk. "
Within t' is year. 0 otH) acres of ex
cellent land :'.! be aJJed to Arizona's
irriga!e.l area. It lies ;o miles we.-t
of Cor.crc Junction ar.l is to be wai
eresl by a re.iuu-aMe project basod
npen a i:aru across the channel ef
liate rrev": where that stream flo
through a box canyon only 4 feet
wide at norni.l water level. The dam
a'.ready is well alor.x toward coruple
f.or., the work dene without appeal
for publiciiy. I; has b:en built up
fnm belrtH-k. which S( feet deep.1
arvl its crest new is ahont 1 feet
above tiie canyon floor level, already
developing &n unct rcround flow of
150 miners inches. Presort pans are
to t-arry the daru ; to 0 feet in
r.eig. :. At that kel the crest will
be only lei feet lens, so precipitous
are the wal's of the gorge. i
F. IV Camp, writer of army baliad.
tas been iivti?ie1 ef Ms appoir.tn.ent
as a captain in trio Naucnai army ami
will be asUi.eU to the quartermaster
eorp in the iiur ,'u.ure. He tvk the
examjna-ion ia Douglas some nior.ths
ago. but was barred because he waa
i.r;i.r Hiving gai.ed 3i pounds
on his recent travels, running hta
vei&ht up to 1ST pounds, he is now
eligible. As he cieasuies ( feet 4
tnches. he coes not look especially
s;uatty even yet. and the titie give'a
lint by his comrades in the Montana
guard. "The Huruaa Toothpick." will
prohaNy stick to hlra.
Keptutant over the attempt to end
his life by rutting himself fifty-seven
times wit'.i a pocket knife. James Gil
roy. who was found in his room in the
Gand.:lio hail in Yuma at the roin: ;"
death, was re-iorted to be showing
slight improvement at the Yuma ho
pitaL
Chie f of IVlice Iaily of Tucson has
presented a request to the city council
for iermis.-Kti to increase the police
force from 13 men to men. He is
asking alsev for an increase in wages
lor plain ciothes men from 1 1 15 to
$l:"U per moi.th. The chief gives as
his 'reason an increase in the number
of crooks and sp es in Tucson.
Paring the pat year the banks of
Phoenix have gained deports aggre
gating Dimv than J:'..'Hm).imh despit-o
heavy withdrawals ter Liberty IVn.is
and other patriotic u.c. tn Novetr
her. 1SI. u pot-iu in the six local
banks aggregated $S.iii.i'i. At tiie
lat caii the.e was :-p .tt of $; .51T.-xr.T.
It Samrlay aiierncxva at the
puu'.p station at Ir.x!saiaa. near Clif
ton. Nik Powers sustained injuries
from a belt that resulted fatally in a
few hours. 'IVwers had been bavin
trouble with his right arm rn-i use-d
both arum to turn on more presut
from the stationary steam engine and
turned the pressure n so sjddeuly
that his sweater was caught by tie
bell and it carried him arrwd and
atmttid with it. Several f h's nos
were broken. loth legs, olio ?r-n ri.l
lie was bru'sed in many other p'Hvs
and Miffenil severe internal Injuries
that rvsiilt'.l -n Lis death t seven
o'chH-k that evening.
Cocrge S heerer. son of Mr. and
Mr. Jacob Soheeivr vt Iigras. grad
uate of the Douglas high school and
the l"niersi;y of Arizona, expects to
soon enter the third training cauip
lor erli-t-.d men. and is ene of the
fiist men it Camp Fuustoo t get hia
ehaneo for l eniniisskn. He ia a
sergeant at prese-t. having beea with
the thiri ;tiota of sclee-te-d men from
Atiiona. Ho has been quarantined fevr
some time with measles but h now
shie to be out ami entered the train
ing ciiiip January 5. The many friends
i t Mr. Sehivrer will congratulate lii'ii
and wi?h hm suces in his tryM)ut for
a comr.vssioa.
Indian v'.i,e piirsinvl ati-! r:.tti.-el
William Nei.on. accused of dynamit
ing the suse in the office of the S.m'n
Ke d.THt at Parker and secured
Tracking their man aenvss the desert
east into t'e foeM hills, the tn.litin po
lice e-ame across Nelson and t(v' hi.n
ttiio eiisto.lv at the p.Mnt ot their revolvers.
n-ivrt - from S-i'Ved ssy t'cat ricit
tir Jears I'K luie- he en s'U II
ot wa-cr I r uTigi'tion mar.y .f ?h
ditcl.es lea ling (rm the tiila bei'i,
almost dry uiul ?ht stream is entire:.,
'rained fo m.niy ;:ri"s ot its course.
T ie scan Uv of water eatihe. the tte--r.
at .1 tin e whet; tiie g o.in see;--ig
Mi l .i.g M.oulil he complete I
a "I rvted lo seiii-ly a.!e .
next j-eajn"s crops.
County Briefs
nothe- To".-b'Olie Na voViu-
tunly joined t'-e roh-rs. whon Han
son of !Xe "o tail, well
k-iow-i .e.vtin' ef Ti'bst-me. passed
the -..tv.r,otM-i fcr the navy.
e. y I ni.oln of iv-e.g'-s. who h
it- cntlv heen ;)-pofnie! to the po-l-i.
n of cm rt H'l'oi, vi e J. '. V'aU
er. resici.ed. h; s frr've.) in rpmberre
.-t.-rt.-d . hi. r--.v :)i't!-'s. Mr.
l. i -col-i ts a 'ii r. e;'erS ,c.-l in ro-
r;i:i. ; nd ' a u. n-.iii the ap
I o!u" tit
ex Sunday w tit he hunters' day
in the MoN'oal has.n. for the greatest
tal-bit ririe of the year will be held
en that oe-casiou. A drive ceivering
the entire Whitewater region ia
planned. The south drive consisting
of hutiiers from lVmc'as and P.isbee
will meet m McNeal t a. in. T!:
vi est trvit wi! met at Webb and will
consist oi hunters from Ke'ton. Courr
lnd. Cichise, C.ieeson and Tombstone.
T'-e rorth fr,vnt will met at Sea vers
rum!; and will consist of valley farm
ers. The east front will meet at the
dcuble windmill'.
tV'uuvs" ch.mihfr cf lommcrve and
niii.es is verv anxious that a consular
eniy be es-'ab'tshe-l at Agna Prieta.
,i!o tSc Ur.ier f-oin the si.ielfer
'own. T.i this end the American eon
at X.vilp has bi-en interviewed,
in tl steps token to Interest the depart
M'.mii Mate !n the pxv;v,sitNn. The
hr,her nls, -e-nsid"red tie late,
lo'i e-ted county seat removal petition
which was thiMwn oit hy the board of
inrniiMtn cev;n i'tee was ai
pooved to se, what vi;M be done
wi;h t'-e pcple from ihe Warreu lUs
tr;ct re!aiie to the petition.
IT or lo his depa t ire Jor tiie Atla"- Alt vu
tic seaixMi'J iii'in Vi.'ua. w..cie he i:x - in Ti
h-e:-. a-'-f.ed for '.in:;' by the nr i- d'y
J. ho iiin'l ol Wi". ox. as
r.e ou legai bos la'-s se er
-,--v 0 wa-ece.
REVIEW WANT AOS
BRING RESULTS. THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY MORNING, JANUARY S, 1918.
FIVE
t
f
PRESIDENT SETS FORTH FOURTEEN
CONDITIONS Oil WHICH ALLIES IE
WiiilMG TO MAKE PEACE WITH HUN
(Continued From Fage One.)
United States end its co-belligerents.
it m as stated authoritatively that in must be at the expense of Germany I German reichstag of the ninth of July
the opinion of President Wilson the and not ot ail the warring states as iast the spirit and intention of the
psychological moment had arrived proposed by the Russians, so the dif-t liberal leaders and parties of Ger
w ben it was absolutely necessary to . ference in phrasing is cot regarding many or to those who resist and defy
ruake a strong effort to counteract the as substantial. ; that spirit and intention and Insist
evil effects of German duplicity andi
donble dealing upon tne Russians wno pr,, declaring against economic are we listening in fact to both un re
had been charged to meet the trained warfare js regarded here as in line conciled and in open and hopeless
German negotiators. It is felt that na (,(, the better-reasoned conclusions contradiction? These are very serious
effort should be spared to prevent a r entente ministries at nresenu'and pregnant questions. Upon the
resumption of the Brest-Litovsk nego-
tiauons by the Russians, wltnom earn-
est bat kindly admonition by the
lies and America of the terrible
dangers to which she is exposed.
The Assumption on Russia. - or Italy's frontiers along national lines the confusions of counsel and or pur
The president assumed in his mes-' is to be welcomed by the Italians as.pose in the utterances of the spokes
sage to congress that these negotia- full recognition of thir 'Italia irre- men of the central empires, they have
tions hare been broken off. Yet. it is denta" aspirations, something hereto- again attempted to acquaint the world
felt in official circles here that, alarm- fore not forthcoming from America. ! with their objects in the war and haTe
ed at the irritating effect upon their. in his article providing for an in- again challenged their adversaries to
own people of the sadden withdrawal dependent. Polish state, the president say what their objects are and what
of the longed for peace with their ; U said to mean that freedom shall be sort of settlement they would deem
eastern neighbor from whom they had piren not only to Russian Poland, but just and satisfactory. There is no
confidently expected to draw vast sup- to the Poles in Austria and Germany. ' Pod reason why that challenge should
plies of food and raw material within is also stated that the demand for not be responded to. and responded to
which to relieve their sufferings, the -free access to the sea" for the new with the utmost candor. We did not
Germans will make a supreme ef fort I Polish state does not mean that Pol- j wait for It. Not once, but again and
to entice the Russians to resume the and should extend her sovereignty i again we have laid our whole thought
conferences by abating their first ex-: over eastern Prussia to the Baltic sea, and purpose before the world not in
treme demands or by presenting then but simply that she should be given general terms only but each time with
in fresh and specious language calcul-Jtfce right to free communication with : sufficient definition to make it clear
ated to cover their real meaning. An-j North Sea ports, a privilege similar! what sort of definite terms of settle
other reason for today's address is; to that enjoyed by Germany in trav-iment must necessarily spring out of
found in the necessity of making some i erslng Holland's territorial waters at them. Within the last week Mr.
reply to the request of Leon TTotzky, ! the mouth, of the Scheldt. Lloyd-George has spoken with admir-
the Bolshevik! foreien minister, that able candor and in admirable spirit
America and the entente allies join in; WILSON'S ADDRESS, jf or tne PPle and government of
the peace conferences. Germany hav-j . , . . j Great Britain. There Js no confusion
ing made it a condition of any peace! ,vJ,.vrVnv janRThe nresi-l0' councfl nong the adversaries of
agreement that Russia should bring ; - ' . tbe centr1 Pwere- uncertainty of
her co-belligerents into the negotia-' oeni f ,h principles, no vagueness of detail. The
tions Not having recognixed the Bol-.
s.ieviai regime as xe nuian go.ern-,,
ment, the onlv feasible war of com-
n-unication with it appeared to be
through a public enunciation of Amer-J',
ican war aims, following the example..
of LJoyd-George. It will be necessary i T ' f 'a "f.enrent. 1 t,ons- No the least
to the success of this purpose that i fVlOT'k em.Hvl! n7 , re i npt,on f his POUIHty ought
circulaticn or President Wilson's ad-;"ve8 ? m S .V? ,1,L for moment to P" bims"
dress should be effected in Russia, to .. tricl and appalling
which end the full text of the speech lMlfeIt i!f u J-1 "PurinS of blood and treasure uu-
was sent by cable and wireless to all ,for the P"8 of , ! ,vK!J,ess no fa 8ure 7oni a peradventurt
the principal capitals cf the world for. Pble ternJ he pri!l! ! that the objects of the vital sacrifice
telegraphic distribution. ! :nlf neral wt,71" . re part and parcel of the very lire or
For Wide-Spread Publicity.
to terms or peace ana seiuemenu me ,n(, that the ,e for whom
Probably, in spite or tie drastic 1 Su,ssn nfnr?tat fc Pek think thtm right and im
German censorship rules, desimed to fT Perfectly derm.te statement of!perati he doe8
keep the German people in ignorance
of the truth, the substance of the ad-
dress also will leak across the Ger-
man frontiers frcm neuual nU'ubor-
i , rn-th .v.
bonds of the German socialistic party
in its struggle with the Pan -German
and the miiltsry party.
There are intimations, though to of
ficial admission, that President Wil
sen and
the British premier spoke
with a fu'.I understanding as to w'nst
was to be said by the president, who
said today "there is no confusion of
counsel among the adversaries or the
central powers." made his
address
supplementary to that o? the British
premier. -
Lloyd-George's speech was prepared
before the abrupt termination of the a?
Brest-Litovsk negotiations, and he
took a rather topeiess view of Rus
sia's future, declaring that If Russia
acts independently, me cannot'help the
catastrophe."
Optimism Expressed.
President Wilson is much more op
ttn'.isrij and lnneful of thp flTlnin?
of the Russians to the dsnrers of the
fn ,hih ni-n v. rt fr
them.
Some slight differences in the state
ment of the amis of Germanv's ene-
niies todav s compared with preced-'1" sincere and in earnest,
ing Btterances of President WUson . Tfce-r nnct entertain such proposals
and even of tbe lecent declarations of of conquest and domination.
Lloyd-Georce are not noticed, but it Situation Perplexing,
is stated that these are unimportant "The whole incident is full of si
and not designed in any way to affect nificance. It is also full of perplexity,
or weaken the general principles laid With whom are the Russian represen-'
down as the basis for any peace that tativea dealing? For who mare the re-
mizht be considered One instance
is the u.-e of the Term 'evacuation and
restoration" by President Wilson in
LOW BUILDIXGS FEATURE ARCHITECTURE
AMERICAX
a
(r 1 " ai
f:VN fixA
t:i I 'XO. , ri- I 'A'
j v A : i -V i J--
i - hi .t? S - . jAt
ti -i. i;-- : -Jit
l l vj r T ... .vW; . f . f - - v. 'fe3 -:
r:i: p..; I itI!IP
' ; . ; . i-f
It is reported that great damar was don to building and 125,000 persona were left homeless when
Guatemala City, capital of Guatemala Central American republic, was shaken by earthquakes lasting nearly a
wretJc and beginning Christmas day. An old volcano. Mount Palm, just outside the city, was reported activa as
tht quakes subsided and its shower ci lava adJd to the desuuetton wrought ty the treaors.
;
regard to llsium instead of "restora-
ition and reparation. This Testora-;
Lion." the president is said to bold. .
.j-j,, tllIrd artjcie in the president's
lhcucn cn lts face it fa in conflict with
decorations of the Paris confer-
al-'ecce ,
"Italia Irredenta." !
The demand for the re-ad iustnient
, -
..0nce more a3 repeatedly " before,
. , ,,, ..,rl mnJr,r"
' -Z'".! ji .
ie """"Z a
7 J "
" : . " r.
"lT., " . ' V ,
Tl' !f tte
d?flf.i,e ""f" "fi
mt VPltion rf those princi-
Ps - The representatives of the cen-!
i-'-- " '-:7".tlthn any of the many moving voices
an outLne of sett.ement which l , with wnich tte air of the
much less dc.mite seeded susceptible world k fulej u u tne Vo,ce of tne (
of liberal interpretation until their j RUssian people. They are prostrate!
specitic program of practical terms u but helnles it iM .n, I
v:ls oaea-. lual program prviwvu
iiu rjuiTOiuas i an cnuci hi wDicn nas nitnerto known no relent-
ereignty of Russia or to the prefer- ing Md no pjty. Their power, appar
ecces of the population with whose ; ently. is shattered and yet their soul
fortunes it dealt but meant. In a word is not subservient. - hey will not vield
lhat tne t111 empires were to keep
every root oi territory meir arweu
forces had occupied every province.
every city, every point of vantage
a permanent addition to their ter-'
ritories and .their power. It is a rea- or spirit and a universal human sym
sonable conjecture that the general pa thy whica must challenge the ad
principles or settlement which they at miration or every friend of mankind:
first suggested, originated with the and they have refused to compound
more liberal statesmen of Germany their ideals or desert others that they
and Austria, the men who have begun themselves may be sare. They call
to feel the force of their own peoples to us to say what it is that we desire.
thopght and purpose while the con-
'" '"" u '"'
the military leaders who have no
thougbt but to keep hat they have
cot. The negotiations have been
broken off. The Russian representa-
preservatives of the central empires
speaking? Are they speaking for the
majorities of their respective par'.ia-'
CITY VISITED IiV R EC
Street scene in Guatemala Qty.
: merits or for the minority parties, that standings of any kind. The day of
: military and imperialistic minority conquest and agprandiiemwnt is (tone
i which has so far dominated their py; so is also the day of secret coven
whole policy and controlled the af- ants entered into in the iuterest of
fairs of Turkey and of the Balkan particular governments and likely at
(states which hare Teit obliged to be- some unlooked-for moment to upst
'come their associates in this war? ; the peace of the world. It is this han
' The Russian representative? hare i: ! PX fail, now clear to the view of every
sisted. verr justlv, verv wisely and
in the true spirit of democracy tiiat
the conferences they hare been hold
in with the Teutonic and Turkish
statesmen should ba held within open.
net closed doors, and all the world
has been audience as was was desir-
t0 horu hare we been listening
tj,Pa? To those who speak the spirit
anj intention of the resolutions of the
upon conquest and subjugation? Orj
answer to them depends the peace of
the world.
Challenge Accepted.
"But whatever the results of the
parleys at Brest-Litovsk. whatever
ion T seciwr rtj mnnn rnm nnjv lftfk
I ' ' - " -
or fearless frankness, the only failure
Io "ke a d
make a definite statement or the
objts of the war lies with German-;
nd W allies.
The
issues of life
Ind death hang upon these defini-
Helples. Russia
bere reover. a voice calling I
for these nitions of principle audi
f . seems to me.
,hH1Hn mnr-
before the grim power of Germany.
either in principle or in action. The
conception ot wnat is right, or what
is humane and honorable for them to
accept has been stated with a frank-
ness. a largeness of view a generosity
wnat. in an.vtning. our purpose
ana our spini uiuer i rum ineirs; ana
I believe that the people of tie I'nited
States would wish me to respond with
utter simplicity aud frankness. Wheth
er their present leaders believe it or
notti. it is our heartfelt desire and
hope that some way may be opened
whereby we may be privileged to as
sist the people of Russia to attain
their utmost hope of liberty and or
dered peace.
No Secret Understandings
"It will be our wish and purpose
that tfce processes of peace, when
they are begun, shall be absolutely
open and that they shall involve and j
permit hencetorth no secret under-1
OF CEXTRAL
EXT E.lRTIIOU.tKES
; public man wnase isougiua oo noi mui
linger in an age that U dead and gene
which makes possible for every na
tion whose purposes are consistent
world to avow now or at any other
time the objects it has in view.
The Golden Rule.
"We entered this war because vio
lations of right had occurred which
touched us to the quick and made life
of our own people impossible unless
they were corrected and the world
secured once for all against their re
currence. What we demand in this
war. therefore, is nothing peculiar to
ourselves, tl Is that the world be
made fit and safe to live In, and parti
cularly that it be made safe for ev
ery peace-loving nation which, like
our own. wishes to live its own life,
determine its own institutions, be as
sured of justice and fair dealings by
the other peoples of the world as
against force and selfish aggression.
All the peoples of the world are. In
effect, partners in this interest, and
for our own part we see very clearly
that unless justiec be done to others
it will not be done to us. The pro
gram or the world's peace, therefore,
is our program, and that program, the
only possible program, as we see it,
is this:
"1. Open covenants' of peace,
openly arrived at. afer which
there shall be no private interna
tional understandings of any
kind, but diplomacy shall proceed
always frankly and in the public
view.
"2. Absolute freedom of navi
gation upon the seas outside terri
torial waters, alike in peace and
in war, except as the. stas may
be closed In whole or in part by
international atcion for the en
forcement of international coven
ants. "2. The removal, so far as pos
sible, or all economic barriers and
the establishment of an equality
of trade conditions among all the
nations, consenting jo the peace .
and associating themselves ror its
maintenance.
4. Adequate guarantees given
and taken that national arma
ments will be reduced to the low
est point consistent with domestic
sarety.
"5. A free, open and absolute
ly impartial adjustment of all
colonial claims based upon a strict
observance of the principle that in
determining all such questions of
sovereignty the interests of the
population cqnnned must have
equal weight with tbe equitable
claims of the government whose
title is to be determined.
"6. The evacuation of all Rus
sian territory and such a settle
ment of all questions affecting
Russia as will assure the best and
freest co operation of the other na
tions of the world in obtaining for
her an unhampered and unem
barrassed opportunity for the in
dependent determination of her
own political development and na
tional policy and assure her of a
sincere welcome into the society
of free nations under institutions
of ther own choosing; and more
than a welcome, assistance also of
every kind that she may need and
may herself desire. The treat
ment accorded Russia by her sister
nations in the months to come
will be the acid test of their good
IwlL or their comprehension of
her needs as distinguished, from
their own Interests and of their
intelligent and unselfish sympathy.
"7. Belgium, the whole world
will agree, mnst be evacuated and
restored without any attempt to
limit the sovereignty which she
enjoys in common with al lother
free nations. No other single act
w ill serve as this will to restore
confidence among the nations and
the laws which they themselves
hare set and determined tor the
government of their relations
with one another. Without this
healing act. the whole structure
and validity of international law
is forever impaired.
S. AU French territory should
be freed and the invaded portions
restored and the wrong done by
Prussia in 1S71 in the matter of
Alsace-Lorraine, which has unset
tled the peace or the world ror
nearly five years, should be right
ed. in order that peace may once
more be made secure in the inter
est of alL
"9. A readjustment of the fron
tiers of Italy should be effected
along clearly recognisable lines of
nationality.
"10. The peoples of Austria
Hutigary whose place among the
nations we wish to see saiecunra
ed and assured, should be accord
ed the freest opportunity or auto
nomous development.
"11. Rumia. Serbia, and Mor.te
nero should be evacuated; oc
cupied territories restored, Serbia
accorded free and secure acrvss
to the sea; and the relations or
the several Balkan states to one
another determined by friendly
counsel along historically estab
lished lines or allegiance and na
tionality, and International guar
antees or the political and econo
mic independence and territorial in
tegrity or the several Balkan states
should be entered into.
"li The Turkish portions or
the present Ottoman empire
should be assured a secure
sovereignty, hut the other nation
alities which are now under
Turkish rule should be assured an
undoubted security or life and an
absolutely unmolested opportunity
cf autonomous development, and
the Itardnnelles shruld be perman
ently orM'n1 as a free p.isai:e to
fie shiis and commerce of a'.l na
tions Mtnler international guaran
tees. "13. An independent Polish
sta'e should b? erected whirli
(s-'jouM ipclud' the territories in
habited by indisputably Polish
tcruhi'.runs which .!:ou!d b. 4sur-
!
I
i
GAS MASKS FOR HORSES 1XTEREST
1 . KIXG GEORGE AT CAVALRY CAMP
4'
1 7.-5
i i I
I - V A
I Kiaz George inspecting his horse warriors. j
On a recent visit of frwetion f one nf tne eavalry'camps In Fngland
King George was interested in watching the methods used in training the
dumb warriors for service at the front The horse in the photograph is
being fitted with a gas mask. ;
ed a free and secure access, to the
sea and whose political and econo
mic tndependenct and territorial
al integrity should be guaranteed
by international covenant.
"14. A general association of
nations must be formed under
specific covenants for the purpose
of rurnishing mutual guarantees
of polit'cal independence to great
and small states alike.
"In regard to those essential Testi
fications and assertions of right we
reel ourselves to be inturate partners
of all the governments and peoples as
sociated together against the imperialists-:
We cannot be separated in in
erest or divided in purpose. We stand
together until the end.
"For such arrangements and coven
ants we are willing ta fight and to
continue to fight until they are achiev
ed; bu only because we wish the right
to prevail and desire a just and stable
peace such as can be secured ou'y
by removing the chief provocations to
war upon which this program rests.
We have no jealousyf Germany great
ness and there is nothing in this pro
gram that implies, it. We gr-ide l.er
no achievement of distiiutioo of !arn-
Jug or or trafic enterprise such as have
made her record bright and very en
viable, "We do not wish to injure her or
)!ock in any way her leg;tir.iate in
fluence or power. We do rot w ish to
fight her either with arms or n it I
ostiie arrangements of trnde. if sre
is willing to associate herse'f v.uU u:
and the other peace-lcvinj natici-.s of
Jie world in covenants of justice and
law and fair dealing. Ve wish her
rnly to accept a place of equality
among the peoples of the wor;i--tr'e
aew wcrid in which we now live in
stead of a place o? masterv-
"Neither do we presume to sui-est
'o her any alteration or motiiiuaiUm
cf her institutions. But it is nej-es-sary.
we must tn.r.!i;y si". and ne-e-sary
as a preMii i:iary to any intelli
For Heating
fw-Kj. --N
I i . . 1
V f Reliable'
The portatlo gt heater v ill t&ke ihe chill off quickly and m?.kc th
dining room cornfcrtable at n-.eal liir.e, and it will be found conveni
ent, too, for fceatirg the bed room ar.d bath roam. Any home with
out a central heating plant has us? for a jr.s hexter. We carry sev
eral different types prices $1.75 to $9.C0. . See them as well as
other gas appliances at our store.
Bisbee Improvement Co.
- .... Vw. . i
gent dealings with her on cttt part,
that-we should know whom her
spokesmen speak for wiien they speak
To us, whether for the reichstag major
ity or Tor the military party and the
men whose creed is imperial mastery
'"We have spoken now. surely, in
terms too concrete to admit of any
further doubt or question. An evident
principle runs through the whole pro
gram I have outlined. It is the prin
ciple or justice to all peoples and na
tionalities, and their ritht to live on
equal tern s of liberty and safety with
one another, whether they be strong
or weak. Cnless this principle made
its foundation, no part or the structure
of international justk-e can star.i. The
people of the Unite dStates could act
utx a no other principle and to the
vindication of this principle they are
ready to devote their lives, their hon
or and even, thing that they po??ess.
The moral climax of this, the culmin
ating and final, war for human liberty
has come., an dthey are ready to put
their strength with telr own highest
purpce, their own integrity and devo.
tion to the test."
WILL INVESTIGATE
ST. PACL. Jan. S. The state public
safety commission during a meeting
which continued almost to midnight
designated thrve members to make cf
ficial visits within ten days at Can.p
Codv and Camp Dodge.
Governor B'irnquist Attorney Gen
eral Smith and Commissioner Varsii
were designated to vImI the ramps a
wMoh more than lyW Minnesota
men are in training. "The idea is to
obtain first hand knowledge of act Ml
conditions in the camps, although no
complaints have been received." Sec
retary H. W. Lihby explained. Cov
er nor Eurnquist said that because of
5!?e eorumissioa at lion Adjutant Gen
eral W. K. Rhino proaMy will asn
don hia pro;Hjed trip to Camp Co.'y
ta investigate cr'tu-i. rs made by S.
L. Lifpitx. a St. Paul clothier, who re
cent'y visited there. i
aV -
riOTED PHYSICIAN
i CONDEMNS INJECTIONS
FOR GL00O POISON
!
i Elmer Lee. M. IK. Editor Health Cul
! lure, states: "I have never met with a
: case ot bod poison that was cured
' w ith injections of arsenic, mercury,
'salversan. (60t) neo-salverson. (9H)
j and the like. Ano'.her spurious sy
: tem Is the 'Waaserman Test.' Many are
I the innocent rases which under this
! test are suspected of blood poison and
: subjectej to a course of arsenic ani
mercurial treatment that is worse than
j tie disease." Take a safe medicine
j I ke Number 40 Kor The BliOd. the
I ingredients of which are se: down in
the I. S. Dispensatory and other med-
leal books as follows: "Employed in
: diseases of the glandular system, in
. blood poison, mercurial and lead poia
loning. scrofula, chrtnic rheumatism.
I catarrh, constipation, stomach and liv
1 er trouble, fnder its use nodes ru
j mors, scrofulous swellings, sores, ul
i cers and skin eruptions that have with
I stood all other treatment disappear as
I If by masic." MaJe by J. C. Menden
; ha'.I. 40 years a druggist. Evansvllle,
j ind.
Scld exclusively in Bisbee at Central
Pharmacy, opposite Orpbeum. in Lo
. well by Lowell Drug Co, Warren Drug
i Co, Warren, in Douglas by Owl Drug
i Co. Adv.
Bo You
Know of a Better Way
to Invest That Bonus
Than to
Improve
Your Own
Home?
Probably there is no other way
the Company would rather set you
invest it.
We have everything In the build
ing line that you might need and
the QUALITY is the BEST and the
PRICE is RIGHT.
DONT LET THAT
HOUSE CONTRACT UN
TIL YOU HAVE SEEN US.
Gibson -Hines
Lumber Co.
J. W. F. SMITH
Phone S3 Manager
Piano and Player-Piano
Turing. Regulating and Rcoairing.
WOR GUARANTEED
HERBERT CRIBBLE
Phone 691
At Ud
v -
f THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW. WEDNESDAY MORNING, JANUARY 9, 1918.
"VT'rV
COUNTY ATTORNEY OF
MARICOPA CONDEMNS
SENTIMENTAL STATUTE
L. M. Laney Declares That
Great Increase in Murder in
Maricopa is Due to the
Abolishment of the Death
Penalty.
That the tbo!itinn of capital .pin
isl.nieit is responsible to a ?rct
tlerree for U.p ir.rread number of
hcuiiciJfs in Maricopa county. "as
the sirtr.-ent of Conntr Attorney L.
M. Laney in Plioerrs sevrra! days a?o.
'! ani Eft prepared to say uheter
or rot it is morally risht to bans,
but I an convinced that capital pu:i
ushniem has a retrainins effect on
those who contemplate munler." l'e
said.
Mr. La;.ey, in reoountir.fr the crimes
committed in Sfariv-opa county since
the abolition of the death penalty,
declared that lie had evidence to the
effect that feur of death stayed tie
execution of crime. This he noted
conclusively in the case of Joha Groff.
- ho aiiel nd wnseM I.. Anderson
in the murder "of Step'aen Huehes. a
Terie n.nrher. 0ing to the fact
that the al!e-ed crime was committed,
four days before the k abolishing
capi'Pl ruTiisfniei;: went into effect,
the court instivcted the jury that in
cveit Ci? ciJenu.in was found guilty
of rim desree n.urder the verdict
misht h- rcramci for ii;e imprison
ment or dcii:h.
S!r. Lanfy said that Groff tad up
to Uis ti-pe been order the impres
sion that sinve the peop'e had voted
on the measure it ; out of tbe
province of a jury to impose the death
sectere. He maintained his nerve
said to bav been responsible for
; murder, and that was la the most re
jeent crime which took place in Glen-
dale a few days ago when A. YV. Peay
was shot in the bac. Elmo Pearson
and "Bob" Cleveland are now being
held in the county jail at Phoenix
awaitinc trial. Pearson is alleged toi
:ae made a voluntary and complete
cenfession of the murder.
According to the records there b,ave
been fit'.een murders in Maricopa
cmntv since the abolition of capital
punishment, lnis aws uui iuhuucj
the s:ar liy case, wno cuuuuuto iuc
homicide outside the comity line, but
was broueht to the local Jail and later
lvnrted before being removed to
Florence. Neither does the list in
clude the Folston case, although the
public is convinced that the man who
dropped from iew on November 20
met with foul play.
Not all the cases ere dealt with
bv the county, the federal court baring
Jurisdiction in the case cf an Indian
eirl kilif d on the reservation. Anoth
er Indian is aliened to have been killed
by a Mexican in Wickenburg. who
later is believed to have committed
suicide. Juan Sierras, a Mexican who
shot his sweetheart rather than stand
trial, killed himself when confronted
by the officers.
The first murder case which Mr. La
ney prosecuted for the county was that
of" the state aeainst Ong Hue, wno
killed John Holt a Mesa boy. Bue
manslaughter and
riven a ten years sentence.
John Groff and A. Anderson then
stood trial for the murdeY of Stephen
Kuthes. They were tried separately
and both were piven life terms. .
J. L. Raynor was acquitted by a
jury for murder of Calvin Heath, an
Avondale rancher. Raynor shot Heath
after a disturbance arisis out of tbe
flooding of Raynor" s lands by Heath.
The next case on the criminal cal
endar was that of Mrs. Ethel Butts,
who became generally known as the
-prettiest defendant." Mrs. Butts was
tried for the murder of her sister-in-law.
Mrs. Amanda Butts, and was con
victed of manslaughter. She was in
carcerated in the Crittendon home for
SCOTCH WOMAN TELLS
OF WORK FOR SOLDIER
BOYS FROM OVER SEAS
rery jrratoful to yonr oversea mea
! for coroin? so far to help In the i
! cause of liberty and I have worked
among the "Overseas" men since!
their first coining. i
I am the widow of a cavalry colonel. I
Royal House Guards, and have onei
son a wounded officer. I am a mem
REGULATION HATS
ONLY AT FUNSTON
M A Q C' 1 - r they call me "The Soldiers' mctber.
Mrs. A. 2. Sinclair of Jigger-,, m-9k the to ,nd SPe m
son a wounam oiiicer. I am a mra- e ... j
her of the Victoria League, and do all I Soldiers Uannot Wear UapS
1 can to help the overseas boys. and i Otlwr HarWar in trt
me
Vllle Receives Letter From i hope they will do so. Send me a
i local paper as 1 am a nospitai visuor
j and the overseas boys love a home
I paper.
i (Signed) MRS. MILNE HO.n.m.
or wedderburn.
Edinburgh, Scotland, Rela
tive to Their War Work.
The Soldiers Mother," or Mrs.
Milne Honne.' of Wedderburn. Seot-
DEAD MAN IDENTIFIED.
(By Review I .eased Wire)
EL PASO. Tex, Jan. S. The man-
Eighty-ninth Division.
CAMP FUNSTON. Kan.. Jan. 8. I
Wearing of caps and aimilar headgear I
by men of tbe S9th national army di
vision, stationed at Camp Funston. is,
forbidden by a general order recently
issued. Tbe-service iiat is the regu-1
la t ion headpiece and must be worn.
says the order.
Helmets and other ear protections!
clair. of the Warren District, having ser.of L01'' ,0r'1 ."r !
received the local woman's address .,DDoa OI n ' ,m"n ,a I are permissable. the order explains,
from Charles H. Sinclair, who sailed i l1 InP"' o escape fm police ( mnst undernaU liifL c,mPaign
for England on November 7 and en-'offl l rte rfaters hospiui nere.
Charies 11,51 u,ul " m m """" ' " I A restriction al?o has been placed
istered at his hotel under the name;
ion trench coats. It is now required;
that the proper insignia of rank must :
be displaved on the sleeve. Hereto
fore there, has been no means of de-.
I termining the rank of an officer wear-
listed in the British army.
1 .k k. .:ii v..- cf E. J. King, of Portland. Ore.
a.'i v 1 iv. a, uuui tire iiuiu uc 9cus i
ing been employed at the Sacramento! n,,J " to of-
shaft as a sampler for months. j" before attempting to escape in
The letter in question follows: which he said be had come here from
Thirteen Gloucester Place. Edin-, AUn,o and Fort wortn. " ? , in. a trtncii Bnlded loopj now
burgh. Scotland, Dec 5. 1S17. i arrested as a purg;ar suspecu j signify the officers rank, beginning
Mrs, Sinclair: I met today Chas. 7 ! with one loop for first lieutenant and
H. Sinclair, and am glad to be able! WINS GOLF TROPHY. ; ding one for eadi grade of rank.
to tea you be was looking bright and PINE HURST. N. C Jan S.-Norm- .
cheery, and said be was enjoring his!" H. Maxwell of Philadelphia, medal- RACING STEWARDS MEET,
three. davV visit to Scotland. "1 took ' st in the mid-winter golf tournament f Br Review Leased Wire.)
his regimental address so as to writeinere. won the president's trophy to- rOLL'MBUS. O.. Jan. S. Crand cir-
to him sometimes, so that be may feel oay. at-innus it. v. snuuon n. i cu,t stewards meeting here today an-,
be has friend on this side of the sea. Brocaport. one up. nounced officially that the ISIS rac-
and gave him mine, and we agreed to -in season will be opened at the North
write to you. ! FRENCH GENERAL KILLED. Randall track at Cleveland the week
God comfort yonr country in all PARIS. Jan. S. The French Gener-f Ju!v su,..one earlier than
this awful anxiety and send your gal- al Lise, commanding the artillery on n)j anticipated. Toledo. O. and
lant boys safe home. I am one of the the Italian front, has been killed in ac-. Readville, Mass, a suburb of Boston.
Britons (cf Colonial family) who are tkn. were officially admitted to the circuit.
would shriek. He gripped bis chair, for murder f jc
awaitin? tlie final verdict with moreL,ar reteran. The
emotion than I had wo displayed in foueilt and convict
stoicallv throu?!out the tn3l. and it
was not until this instruction was r?ad ' period of ten years,
that Groff showed sisns of weakening, j A Cnines, tong war case lent color
-It is alwcys a, dramatic tr.oner.t to tbe (.riminai court and the derend
In a n.nrder case vhea the jury re-anU qj, Kefc secured an acquittal,
turns its verdict." raid Mr. Laney. Arello Martinet was also acquitted
"Wien the clerk read the verdict "we, j fcr kmins. , mlD WDo he claimed in
the jury do find John Groff uiUy of j suile)i njs wife.
r-iurder in t!e first decree. Groff; j pgsiey nas begun a life term
turned deathly pale and I thought he j in tne slate penitentiary at Florence
would shriek. He gripped bis chair, for mnrder of John BelL a Spanish
case was hard
' t ioueiii ana couvicuua was eecureu
the court room in years. When the largely on the point of entrance or the
clerk continued after a brief pause. ' bullet, as there were no eye wltnes-
announcmg the veraict of ue trcprt-is to crime and Beasley pleaded
sonmect. Groff relaxed and Mr. La-. Ee'J-defense, The bullet was Droved
ney then pointed out the fact thatjto the jury to have entered from the
Star Daly, who committed the most in-; back. The tragedy occurred In a hay
famous crime that has ever been com-1 field near Chandler and the motive
mitted in this state, was not afraid of for the crime was a dispute over des
runishment in Arizona. ! ert land claimed by Bell and by rela-
Itely. after murdering Gibson. : tives of Beasley.
frossly mUtreated h!s wife and mhen j jjrs. Sara E. Ochoa, was given a ten
she protested and finally confronted j year suspended sentence for the mur
ium with -theyTi har.jr ycu." he !der or Mrs. Dolores Alvarea who eom
lauahingly replied. not in Ariiona." '. mitted adultery with Mrs. Ochoa's
"Just how much crime is lue to husband who Is now serving in the
the abolishment of capital punish- ( state prison for the offense,
ruent I can not say. but certainly the h. B. Miner, convicted of man
evidence tends to show that it is re- slaughter is sen ring a one to ten year
sponsible in a larse measure to tbe I sentence at the penitentiary. Miner
increase of crime. There are several ; snot and killed John Williams alias
other elements that enter into bring-j John Radcliffe in Glendale last spring,
ing up the homicide rate in this coun- There are three more murder cases
ty." said Mr. Laney, who believes that ; on the criminal docket that of John
the psychological effect of the war ; Fields, the negro who is alleged to
and tie general growth of th com-! have murdered his wife because she
munity brought about by the influx of objected to his affairs with other worn
Mexicans and other laborers in con-1 en. The Fields case will be tried In
section with the cotton itdustry. j Judge Standford's court January 15.
"While the cotton industry is one: Freeman Greer, another negro, will
of the fine apd laudable projects ofbe tried for tbe murder of a Mexican
the valiey. yet the fact remains that over a card game, during the coming
the type of laborer it brings consti-term of criminal court when Pearson
tutes a measurable element in the in-! and Cleveland will be tried for the
crease of crime and violence." said murder of A. V. Peay.
the county attorney. While none of .
the homicides could be traced direct-:
ly to this source there have been sev-j
era! assault cases that arose in thej
cotton fields. Another factor which:
the prosecutor gives as a cause for
the wanton murders in this county is i
the war element, the public alarm that
is being experienced, and which has
resulted in tbe too free use of fire
arms. "The border raids have instilled a
certain fear among our people. wbo:
have acquired the habit of protecting i
their homes with gnns. While it is
proper to have a gan in the bouse fori
protection, this does not warrant the'
use of it under circumstances not
justifiable." j
In only one of the cases is liquor;
FOR HEALTH.
DRINK, THE
ALL-AMERICAN
BEVERAGE
ft J U ft Vk r-4 H M
McADOOS TOUXGEST SOX LEAVES
SCHOOL TO JOIX XAVAL RESERVE
i
r - ',
-S.-tr -Sr.""1
TV
R - AH
t . . - -
"... . . .
" ,''4
3-
Wi.l am G. McAdoo and soa llabcrt H.
The third son cf the secretary of the treasury is hovi p.seJ -th his
father on the sttps of Oie treasury LuiltiiriR. T.obort IL McAdoo hm, juit
oait school to join the U. S. naval reattvc.
4 good
to
way
in good cooking i
Yes, butter is higher."
Your grocer is sorry, but he has to charge
you more.
If he is a well-informed grocer, like many
grocers we know, he may say to you : "Why don't
'you try Cottolene? Some of my most particular
customers sre using it in all their cooking in place
of butter and in place of other shortenings, ttx).'
In baking with wholesome Cottolene, use
one-third less than you would use of butter or other
shortenings.
Cottolene sets the highest possible standard
for purity and richness.
And the richer a shortening is, tne more econom
ical it is. You use less.
Many good cooks give it as their belief that,
after all, cake is the real test of a shortening.
Cottolene meets this test by making perfectly
delicious cake.
Try pure Cottolene in one of your "old-standby"
recipes for cake, biscuits or pie, for example.
Be sure to use one-third less of Cottolene than you
usually do of butter or other shortening.
Cottolene is sold by grocers in tins of con
venient sizes.
Recipe for
COCOANUT LAYER CAKE
teaspoon.salt
1 cup milk
i teaspoon eacfc
lemon and
vanilla
i cup Cottolene
2 cups sugar
3eee
3 cups flour
3 level teaspoons
baking powder
Cream Cottolene, add 1 cup sugar gradu
ally. Add remaining cup sugar to beaten
yolks. Combine mixtures. Sift together flour,
baking powder and salt. Add to first mixture
alternately with uuik. Lastly add flavoring
and stiffly beaten unites. Finish with boiled
frosting sprinkled with cocounut.
1THE U.K." FA 1 P R A N K COWPMIYl
ttflol
"Makes Good Cooking Better
ta
18
1111
a,- Jlj
You've Been Earning
For Years?
Has it cost you every dollar of it lo live?
. These are pertinent questions, but the man who
answers them honestly to himself will feel the time
has come to start a Savings Account with this bank,
save for the future and get 4 per cent Interest.
Think it Over!
" CITIZENS BANK & TRUST COMPANY
Main Street Bisbee, Arizona
Send Santa Claus to the Front
You and your neighbors together may win a battle
for America you can SURELY help save the lives of
some of our boys.
Great guns and many of them will do it. Squadrons
of Tanks, moving steel forts, will do it. Help your
country to buy them.
Instead of giving gold pieces for Christmas, give
this year United States War-Savings Certificates. They
are little $5 Government Bonds bearing 4 per cent
COMPOUND interest. They cost $4. 1 2 during Decem
ber. They are better than gold, and when you buy them
you aid your country. Won't you give them instead of
gold pieces this Christmas?
W. 0. W. DANCE
"Hard Times Dance"
BROPHY HALL' LOWELL
Saturday Night, January 5th, 8:30 P. M.
. Prize Will Be Given for Best
Costume. :-: :-: :-:
REYNOLD'S ORCHESTRA
BISBEE FUEL AH
FEED COMPANY
Phone 121
All who know themselves in
debeted to us are courteously asked
to call at our office and adjust same
during the month of January, for.
on and after this month, all unpaid
accounts will be placed in the hands
of an attorney for collection.
We are definitely closing our
books, hence this step. May we
have an immediate remittance from
you if you are indebeted to us?
We thank those who have fav
ored us with their patronage, and
wish each and all a happy, pros
perous New Year.
Phone 151
Bisbee Fuel and Feed Co.
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
AND HIGH CLASS CAFE
The best of everything at reasonable a la carte price.
A Special 60c luncheon daily. Also $1.00 dinner from
5 : 30 to 7:30 p. m. Regular Board by the month, $40;
$10 by the week.
Henry Poppen, Manager.
Bisbee Decorating Co.
General Painting, Paper Hanging, Tinting and
Signs. Perfect Results. Moderate Prices.
HUGHES BLOCK, OPPOSITE Y. W. G A.
P. O. Box 1531 Phone 739 --'"'-.''JLj3 i
THE B1SBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY MORNING, JANUARY 9, 1918.
SEVEN
!
3
'I
1 b
4
-5
5
4
a
1
I
i
i
i
1
i
V-
Review Want Ads
Advertisements under this head
assue, wtta a Minimum charge of 25
Review office not later than 8 . m.
Mai Help Wanted
WANTED Toung man as assistant .
to traveling demonstrator. Apply I
H. V. Shaw Phelps Dodge McU. Co. '
236.
i
LEARN actual auic repairing, book !
keeping, shorthand, radio, engineer-!
lag. T. 1LC.A, Los Angeles. Cat-!
aloe tree. j
WANTED Intelligent, industrious i
man. capable of earning $200 perj
mo, for important position soon to i
be filled In Bisbee. Apply in own
handwriting, giving full information
of self, to P. S. Kantx, National
Bank of Arizona, Phoenix. 6
Female Help Wanted
WANTED Girl to help with house
, house. Phone Black 240. 208
Positions Wanted
WANTED Position as stationary en
gineer, steam, gas or oil, best of!
references. M. J. R-, Review. 246 j
. -1
For Sale.
FOR SALE New 2 room furnished j
cottage 1600. E. D- care Rview. 245
rOR SALE Ford tor. ring car in fine j
condition also Overland 5 passenger
light touring car. electric lights and
starter, fine tires. Long Trail Gar-
age- zi
FOR SALE Ford speedster la No. 1 1
condition, cheap. City Blacksmith
Shop, Naco Road. 247
FOR SALE: Desirable bouse, modern i
fine location. 123 Quarry Canyon.'
238 I
. i
FOR SALE Ford roatster new model i
demountable rims, speedometer, I
new tires, run 4000 miles, price $325 j
Box 958 Warren. 249
FOR SALE Six room house all con
veniences, lot 70x100. one blocs
from car line. Price $3,000. Box
695. Warren, Arix. 1M!
FOR SALE On terms. 3 room house,
chicken pen, rent $12.00. Inquire
City Ball. Judge Frank Thomas.
(136) j
FOR SALE: Good paying, small busi j
ness. Suitable for twt ladies, or I
man and wife. Address business, !
Box 132. Bisbee. 578 :
FOR SALE $175.00 Piano. " Phone
7T7. (139)
FOR SALE At sacrifice, account sick
ness, the Home Industry Furniture
Company rooming house. Inquire
HOme Industry Furniture Store.
LowelL 7SS
FOR SALE Six-room furnished
house, also lot. 50 chickens. Mike
Murphy No. 22, Bakerville. Price
$2000. 121
FOR SALE Complete outfit of Lone
Star Grocery, Tombstone Can von.
(137)
FOR SALE 1916 5 passenger Over
land 4. first class condition, run only
on California paved roads, good
paint, new tires all around. 4 extra
2 extra rims, tire covers, skid J
chains, other extras, new Willard i
storage battery just installed, good I
as a new car for less than half the
price. Box 70S. City.
211
FOR SALE Small transient rooming
house cheap. 21 O. K. StreeL next
Bisbee Improvement office. 21 3 ,
FOR SALE 3 lots and cabin. Wood'
Canyon, very little grading. W. A.'
Arthur, care Review. zti
FOR SALE Furniture. Phone 157
Harwitx Flats. Clawson HilL 24d
i
Money To Loan. j
i
SMALL quick loans on your personal
note to salaried men and women, ml-1
so on furniture. Cox Lona Co. Room
2. Lyric Theatre bunding. ICS ;
LOST !
LOST Pair of dark glasses in case.
Leave at Review. Reward. 187
LOST Pair of glasses over Divide
Finder return to Review or J. J. Ed
dy, Fair Store. 219
REVIEW ANT AOS
BRING RESULTS
PETEY DINK Petey Was
AW "N
OS
CAU T IX)
rr MASrt
AldO
1 I i . f. J..V
( mm
at the rate of 1 cent per word for each
cent. Advertisements most reach Th
for Insertion la the next morning paper
Furnished Rooms
FOR KENT Furnished room. 58 Cas
tle HilL 228
FOR RENT Two lame new rooms
partly furnished. 234A School Kill.
2;9
FOR KENT 2 housekeeping rooms,
apply 59 Quality Hill bark of Doyle
house. 234
FOR RENT Warm, comfortable fur
nished room for single man in cen
tral location in Warren, convenienc
es for batching. Phone 3S3. 251
FOR KENT 2 housekeeping rooms.
49 O. K. Street. 213
FOR RENT One furnished room in
Warren. Phone 554. 217
FOR RENT 4 furnished rooms. Kelly
house, Jones HilL If-9
FOR RENT 5 furnished housekeep
ing rooms with bath in Warren.
Phone B. Rourke, Black 773 after 5
o'clock. 186
For Kent
FOR RENT Modern 3 room house
partly furnished; $25 month. John
Wohlschlegel Opera Drive. 263
FOR RENT Four room house, furnit
ure for sale at a bargain. See Win
ters and Borrego, LowelL 264
FOR RENT Cottage of thre rooms
and bath in Don Luis. Inquire Mrs.
Fred Sweeney, No. 11 Montana St..
Johnson Addition. 265
FOR RENT t room house with fur
niture for sale. Terms. A bargain.
103 Opera Drive close to T. M. C. A.
262
FOR KENT Modern 3 room flats,
sleeping porch, adults only, first
house on right at end of car line
Tombstone Canyon. 216
FOR RENT Three room furnished
j apartment across from Lincoln
j School. J60
FOR RENT Five room House nicely
' furnished; gas connection, water
lights, good location near car line
at Warren. Phone 743 Black. 24
j FOR RENT Three-room house. Ba
J kerrtlle. Mike Pintek 1S5
FOR RENT Nicely furnished house,
with garage, in Warren. Lawn ant:
trees, etc. Inquire M. Moore, Phone
437. SO".
Miscellaneous
Room and board $40 per month, cen
trally located. Colorado House.
Phone Black 764 Jiggerville. 250
CAUTION Stolen. 500 shares of Je
rome Portland Mining Co. personal
stock, certificate No. 515. Anyone
having any information on same ad
dress Box 683 Warren. Arizona. 21
WANTED TO RENT Three or four
room furnished house. C. F, Re
view. If you intend to build or alterate your
home it will pay you to communi
cate with G. C. Hendricks, genera!
contractor and builder. Box 3S32.
215
GOSSARD GOODWIN AND LA CAV-
ILLE CORSET SALE One fourth
off on ad corsets. Ines Warburtor.
Expert Corsetiere. Call over Inde
pendent Feed Store. (153)
Board and rooms. Colorado Houe.
Jiggerville. Phone Black 764. 17S
PASAS TRIAL SET.
PARIS. Jan. 8. Now that prelimin
ary investigation has been finished ir
the care of Pclo Pasha, accused o'
havine been at the head of an ortan'
zation for German propaganda i-
France, and his appearance before r
counmartial has been set for Februa
ry 4:h. his bro'her. Monsignor Bole,
has published a long letter which ap
narently foreshadows the line of de
fense which may "be taken. Mon
sienor Bclo says his brother has been
rcr-ntt-i only bv two Germans Herr
Saddill. in Switzerland, and Adolp:
Pavenstedt. former head of a Nev
VorV hankine house, whose testimony
in Nem- York retarding liolo lash:
Involved ("cunt von Rernstorff. The
W'er vs the German press denial
the existence of the telegrams report -o
have Keen sent from the United
States, on the strength of which Bol
Pha was arrested.
The 1.O00.000 francs paid by the ex
khedive of Egypt to Bolo Pasha, the
letter says, was liiuidating debts.
Double-Crorsed.
CQtE.
IT
-4
- . II m
TELEPHONE COMPANY
ANNOUNCES PROGRAM
OF IMPROVEMENTS
H. D. McVay Says Mountain
! States, in Warren District,
! Will Start Soon Spending
j Thirty-one Thousand Dol
i lars.
I
! Thirty-one thousand dollars, ap
; propriated by the Mountain States
! Telephone and Telegraph compauy
some months ago for improvement in
! the Warren District, will be spent this
year, according to H. D. McVay. com
mercial representative of the company.
who is now in the city on business
The first carload of new material ar
rived in Bisbee last Friday. The last
' cf the new equipment is expected not
later than April 1.
According to McVay the improve
ments will he very extensive, includ
' ing inside and outside work. It is
proposed to run a large part of the
cables, for Main street and Upper
. Tombstone Canyon, through conduits
and take the wires down from the
streets and alleys. This method in
sures more permanency to the equip
ment and renders it less liable tc
destruction and disruption of service..
Other parts of the district will alscj
share in the outside improvement. 1
Inside the office another section of
switchboard will be installed by the
company. This will relieve such of
tue congestion now found in the office I
and will improve the service.
"It has been a matter of inability
on the part of the company, of se
curing material for these improve
menu, rather than any negligence.
declared the telephone official yester
day. "The company has sought tc
make the improvements in the Warren
District for months. The manufactur
ers. however, have been swamped with
orders and much equipment, ordered
and practically completed by them
was commandeered by the government
for overseas war m-ork.
"The spring should see the coraple
ticn of the proposed improvements.
EASY TO DARKEN
YOURGRAY HAIR
You can Bring Back Color anc
Lustre with Sage Tea
and Sulphur.
Yen you darken your hair with
Sage Tea and Sulphur, no one can
tell, because it's done so naturally s
evenly. Preparing this mixture,
though, at home is mussy and trouoir
come. At little cost you can buy a:
any drug store the ready-to-use prepar
ation, improved by the addition cf
other ingredients, called "Wyeth's
Sage and Sulphur Compound." Yo i
just dampen a spenge or soft tin..--1!
with it and draw this throush your
hair, taking one small strand at a tinu
By morning all gray hair disappears,
and. after another application or imi-.
your fceir becomes beautifully uarV"
cned. glossy and luxuriant.
Gray, faded hair, though no di- trao.:
is a sign of old age. and as we all (.e
sire a youthful and attractive appcut
ance. get busy at once with Wyeth's
Sa?e and Sulphur Compound and look
years younger. This ready-to-use prep
aration is a .delightful toilet requisite
and not a medicine. It is not intended
for the cure, mitigation or prevention
of disease. Adv.
CHINESE BOAT SUNK
(By Review Leased Wire.)
SHANGHAI. Jan. S The Chlise
Merchants" Navigation Cor.psny".
steamer Poochi was sunk in colli.-io;i
steamer Hsin-Chang in the lower
Y'angtse Kiang. It is estimate! t!:.
one hundred lives were lost inclu.in."
the captain, chief officer arj second
engineer. The Poochi registered li'.
tons gross.
(
Hi
lOV "AC1
' OM Iq-j: K1CV4T
r-oox ,
WlWCflTQYaiij
-dH5ryV
. .
OFFICERS TRAINING !
CAMP RUNNING FULL1
Many Men From Camp Fun-J
ston are Admitted. Colleges 1
and Military Schools Rep-!
resented. !
CAMP FUNSTOX. Kans.. Jan. 8.
Enlisted men of the S9th national army
division and men from four colleges
or universities and one military
school are attending the officers' train
ing camp, which opened at Camp Fun
ston January 5. The 89th division
supplied 450 men for the camp. Ap
proximately 4.000 applications for the
training school were made by nation
al army men here.
The five schools, together with the
number of men which each has sent
to the training school, follow: Kemp
er Military school. 42; University of
Wyoming. 21; University of Nebras
ko. 3S; University of Idaho. 23. and
Colorado State Agricultural college,
26.
The Kansas State Agricultural col
lege sent its quota of 32 men to the
camp at Fort Sill. Okla, mhile the
University of Missouri sent 4S men
to the STth division ' camp at Little
Rock, Ark.
NO CLEVELAND RACING. '
(By Review Ler.sed Wire
COLUMBUS. O., Jsu. S. Indications '
at today' preliminary meeting here
or brand t ircuit stewards were
the 191S grand circuit racing season
would be opened at the North Randall
Cleveland trx-k. the wee of July ns. !
Legal Notices.
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT '
In the County ot Cohice, State of'
Arizona.
NOTICE TO CREDITORS
Estate of Andrew' Hartman deceas
ed. Notice is hereby given by tte un
dersigned. administpijAir with the will
annexed of the Estate of Andrew
Hartman deceased, to the creditors ot
and all persons having claims against
the said deceased, to exhibit them,
with the necessary vouchers within
fonr months after the first publication
of this notice to the said administrator
with ti-e will annexed, at the law offic
es of Ellinwood & Ross. Bisbee. Ari
zona, the same beirg the place for the
transaction of the business of said es
tate, in said Countv of Cochise.
T. A. HUGHES.
Administrator with the will annexed
of the Estate of Andrew Hartman. de
ceased. Dated Bisbee. Arizona, this 5lh day of
January. 191S.
First publication January 8th. 191S.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior, U. ?
Land Office at rtioenix. Arixons.
December 29. 191".
Notice is hereby given that Chrrles
N. Thomas of B:sbee. Arizona, who on
August 3. J97. made Homestead En
trv No. C2SM5 for N. 1-2. NE. 1-4. Ce
21. W. 1-2 XW. 1-4. SE. 1-4 NW. 1-i
NE. 1-4. SV. 1-4. NW. 14 SE1 1-4. Sec
tion 22, Towrship 22 S Range 23 E..
G. & S. R. B. and Meridian, has filej
notice of intention to make three year
proof to establish claim to the land
above described, before Jared D. Tav
lar. V. S. Commissioner, at Bisbee
Arizona, on the 4th day of February.
191S.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Wiiiam F. Munch. Edward E.
Thomas George W. Keahey. Gcorgo
F. Cobbe, all of Bisbee. Arizona.
JOHN L. IRV-W
rst publication. Jin. 3, 127
Last publication Fob. 4. ISIS.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior.
U. S. LAND OFFICE at Phoenix.
Arizeia. Dec. 15, "1917.
NOTICE is hereby gi en that, a -directed
by the CorumiSsjncr of th
General I.ar.d offi'.e. "under provision
cf Sec. 24o5, Ti. S.. pursuant to the ap
I.I'cation of Ella C. F)cdlay. Serial No
0:9777, we will o'fer at public sale,
to the hirhest bidder, but at not less
than J2.50 per acte. at 10:00 o'c'.ocl:
A. M . on the 29th day of January.
19IS. pext. at this t ff ice. the follnwinc
tract of land: NE 1-4 SE Sec. 17. T.
ZT. Sj.. R. 21 E, G and S. R. M.
This tract is ordered into the market
cn a showing that the greater portion
is mountainous or too rough for cultiv
ation. T.ie sate K1 nt be kept open, hu
will ho declared rloscd hen thoe
pre.cnt at the hour named have ceas
ed hiiMine. The person ma sing tno
higi.est bid will he reouired t lir
me'i a'ely pay to t'.ie Riceiver the
amount thereof.
Any persons claiming adversely the
' r 7
1 ' ; r
atove-decrIhed land are advised tc .
file their claims, or objections, on or
btfore the time designated for sale.
JOHN" L. 1RV1N. Resisttr.
JOHN J. ClKi.NO. Ke-eivcr.
Adv. 93n
First IY.hKialiua. Doc. 20. IV 17. !
La. I in-Vi.-s-.on. January 29. 1918.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION !
Cepsrtment of the Interior.
U. S. LAND OFFICE at Phoenix.
Arsona. IHc. 1 1317.
NOTICE is hereby given tha.
Charles K. Hacnon. of l.isbee. Arizona.
ho, on May 18. 1917. ma.ie Home
stead Entry No. 02444. for NE 1-4.
Section 27. Township 22 S. Range 2U
E, G. & S. R. Meridian, has f.l.d not
ice of intention to make f.ve-year
Troof. to establish claim to the land
above described, before Jared D
Taylor. U. S. Commissioner, at Bisbee.
Arizona, on the 23rd day of January.
191S.
Claimant names as witnesses:
John A. Wallace. Peter B Cane
Reuben rwter. Mark Cleveland, all o:
Bisbee, Arizona.
J. L. IRYIX. Register
Adv. 93T
First Publication. Dec 20. 1917.
Lart Publication, January 23. 191S.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the Interior.
C S. LAND OFFICE at Phoenix
Arizona. Pec. la. 1S1I.
NOTICE U herebv given that Juliu:
E. Haase. tf Hereford. Arizona, who
cn March 4. 1914. made Ilotcestcai
Kntnr No. 04529 for SE 1-4 Sec 19. T
23 S, R. 22 E and on March 1. 1915
a:ade Additional Homestead Entry.
No. 02SSS4. for Lot 3 and E 1-2 and I
1-2 SW 1-4. Sect ten 19, Township 2:
S, Range E. G. S. K. Ii. and Meri
d;sn. has fi'.ed notice of intention tt
make three-year Proof, to estatlisl
claan to the land above described, be
tore Jared D. Taylor. C. S. Commis j
sioner. at B'.sbee. Arizona, on the 23rt
Jay of January. 191S.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Hern.an Haase. Samuel C. Giles
Leslie Wilcox. Frank C. Cobbe. all o.
Hereford. Arisona.
J. L. 1KV1N, Register.
Adv. 93."
First Puhlication. Fee. 20. 1917.
Last Publication. January 23. 191S.
NOTICE FOR P'w'3L!CATI0N
Department of the Interior.
U. S. LAND OFFICE at Phoenix
A r zona, IK-c. 15. 1917.
NOTICE is hereby given that Josepl
Stonis. of Here:ord. who, on OcL It
1913. made Homestead Entry Nc
023537 for W 1-2 SW 1-4. and S 1-2 XW
1-4. Sec. 33: T. 2i S R. 21 F and o:
Oct. 23. 1915. made a.ld.tiocal homt
stead entt;.", No. i;ss:. for N". 1-2. aa
W. 1-2 Ni: 1-4. S-c:.on 33. Townsi.i.
23 S. Range 21 E.. . & S. R. B. an.
Meridian, has filed notice of intentlo
to make three-year Proof, to establis".
c'.airu to the land aLjve described, be
fore Jared D. Tayior. U. S. Comr.u:
sioner. at Bisbee. Arizona, on the 22n
ilay of aauar-. 13i.
Claiir.ant names as witaeeres:
Joseph Zaleski. Dayton L. Grahaff
Jr., both of Hereford. Arizona: Lewi j
I. (! i c, icu .tivi -:au, WVU VI VI .
Ar:;oua.
J. L. IRYIX, Ros:iste.
dv. 9i
V-tr-cf riiKml'il r!v ft 1117
Last Putlxaiiju. January 22. 1918. !
NOTICE Of APPLICATION FOR L
S. PATENT.
Mineral Survey No. 3374.
Serial Ns. 036E35.
United States Land Oftce. Phoenb
October 31. 1317.
Notice is hereby g'.en that R.
Rrether'.on and C. M. lieakel, co-owi j
ers. whose posofSce address is Bisbe i
Arizona, have made arplic&ticn fc j
patent for the fo!'.oins named led- I
mining clain-.s, situated in the Warre- ;
Mhiing District, Cochise county. Arize !
na. in Sections 13 and 14, Township 2"
S. Lauge 24-E. anjnproved. G. & S. I.
3. 4 M.. dt'scritied as follow, to-wtt:
"ROCKLAXD" Beginning at etime
No. 1. the S. E. corner, whence th '
Wl-4 cor. sec IS T. 23 S. R. 25 E. G. .
5 R; B. & M. bears S.7S i8' E. 32S3." .
feet: thence X. S3 34' W, 115S.70 fee
to comer Xo. 2; thence X. 7S 20 W. '
"47.f.P feet to corner No. S: tnence X
2 14' W. 574 feet to corner Xo. 4 !
thence S. 83 34' E. 1.500 feet to co- 1
ner Xo. 5; thence S. 2 o4' E. fee
o rtrncr No. 1. the rlce of beginoinr
containing a net area of 18.658 acre .
expressly excluding area la conflir"
with Survey Xo. 315S. Kolla lode o
LSSS ac res.
' BLACK BEN." Becimlne at co '.
ner Xo. 1. th S. H corner, whence th'
Wl-4 or. of Sec. IS. T. 23 S. R. 23 F, C
6 S. R. B. M bears S. S 03 1".
4737 feet: thence X. TS 20" W. 1150
50 feet to comer No. 2: thence N. 65'
Lodge
BiSSCE LODGE. NO. 711
lev la every Fridaj ait, Moooe hall.
leiUag brothers coraf-J invited.
V. R. TONKIN. DicUlcr.
KAY ROSS, Secretary.
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OR AMERICA.
OREADNOUCHT.
L. O. L. NO. 2111
Meeta ta L O.
O. F. Hail tint
and tMlrtf
MONDAY
at T:30 p. m
Visiting broth
era cordially
Invited to aj
tend.
GEO SLEEMAN. W. M
ROBERT FEKGUS. Secretary
P. O. Box 4:6. Bisbee.
WEEK ENDING JAN. 12. 1J1S.
Monday
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday Chapt Keg.
W. W. G1DLEY. W. P.
C. T. WAT KINS, SecT. F. c A. M.
W. TOLAND. E. H. P.
C. F. PHILBROOK. T. L M.
F. E. BENNETT. E. C.
F. S. DAVENPORT. Secretary Chap
ter and Commandery.
W. R. B.NKS, Secretary Council.
. v T. f. a.
Z'N.' FRATERNAL
VT'??!r;, BROTH ERHOOt
J Vvi. w
i1- $ Bisbee Lodge Ni
ivtsrrrN ' meeia the
vi;.iT--r.-.-; ao 3rd Monday
V each month a
7:30 at Medtgc
Tlch EalL Yit'
ng taemtxrs cotaially tovtied.
i HIL, DAY'S, PrestdeoL
MRS. C E. FVNOTTI. Treasure
Box 722. Tel tot. Red.
CATHERINE SALHOLM, Sei-retar?
PYTHIAN SISTERS.
Lily Temple. Xo. 3 meeu ever 2n
na 4th Thursday evening ot ac
annth at Odd Fellows' Halt Viaiun'
tstera ero oo-dlal'.y invited.
XNA HaRT, M. E. C.
JE..XET SWEENEY. M. cf R. I
23' W. 377.80 leet m corner No. 3.
Jience N. 2 04' Y. 530.40 feet to coi
aer No. 4: thet.ee S. 7S 20' E. 15lH
feet to corner Xo. 5: thence S. 2 04
11 617.60 fee: to corner No. 1. t.ie plae
it b.inniug. coutaiains a bet area v
:v.Il acres, expressly excluding a-et
.- iMuitlct itli Sunshine hl of toi.
liivey of o.2o acres.
. "SL'-VSiUNE". Beginning at cornet
No. M ti:e S. E. comer, whence the
1-4 cor of Sec. IS. T. 23- , R. 25-E.. G.
S. R. B. M. bears S. 7S 51 E. 6.
256 feet: thtnee S. 82 t4 W. 959.Sv
teet to corntr No. 2; thence N. 1 41;
E. 600 feet to comer Xe. 3; thtuce N
SI 4S E. 950.10 feet to corner Na 4.
thence S. 1 41' W. 604.50 feet to cor
ner No. L the p'.ace of beginning, co
'air.-.sg a net area ot 12.S60 ac"ws ex
pressly excluding aera in -onfiict wttl
Survey No. 2412. .4iache lode ot 0.217
acre..
The location no'iees ot these clJim
are recorded ta tha oQce cf the Coun
ty Recorder ot Cochise county. Arixo
na. as follows: -
Rockland. Bock 49. Record ot Mine;
pr.ee 137.
Black Ben. Book 49. Record of V.lne
page 132.
S iahine. Bcok 49. Record of Mines
page 173.
The names of the adjoining claims to
this survey are; oa the north. Survey
No. 2412. ,p,che Kxle: Neglected and
Anm. unsuneyed; owned by arplican:
herein: Warren loIe, unsurveyed; oc
the East Survey Xo. 315S. Rolia lode,
on the South Survey No. 1794. G rear el i
lode; Survey Xo. 2176. Carmelita and
Comna rides: Survey N"o. 2221 Shat
tui k No. 2; and Survey No- 315x. Car
meli'a aid Corona lo.iea on the Wes:
funey Xo. 1791. Calumet lode.
J. L. IRWIN. Register,
rirst publication. Nov. 7. 1917.
Last publication Jan IS, 1918.
I
Notices
.JUNiOR ORCtK UN. TED AMERI
CAN MECHANICS.
Veora re Medlguvtcn
Hail, awcon and fourth
Tuesday each month.
V!dtlng trothr wei
come. ! F. D. LANE. Councillor.
I L BENTON. Recording Secretary.
r
looce Na n.
Regular meetiuc first-n4 itiM vl
day of each month. VlsiUag brother
corduUty invited to attend.
R E. WARNER. Exalted Ruler.
J- A. KELLY. Secretary.
FRATERNAL ORDER EAGLES.
Biabe Aerie. Na 171. r. a E, meeta
Or and third MONDAYS, S. .
Eaglet H-Jl. Visit era cordially wi
J. F. W1LMOTH. President
a L. EDMONSON. Aerie Physician.
KNIGHTS AND LADIES OF SECUR
ITY. BISBEE COUNCIL Na 2115
Meets eTery Second and Fourth Sat
urdays In the nrtmta at L O. O. F.
baU. 7:30 p. m. "UiUng members are
cordially invited.
ARNOLD SCHMUX President, P. C
Box 34S3. LowelL Aria.
FREDERICK J. ATTAWAT.
Secretary, LbweU.
E. UXDQUIST.
Financial Secretary. P. O. Box 3248,
LowtU.
BISBEE LODGE. Na. it, I, O, O, F.
Meeta every
fjv WEDNESDAY
Teniag at Odd
v-' " Fellowa H.U.
Main street at 7:00 p. m. YlsiCns
brothers cordially Invited 'A attend,
laii phone 119.
GETX MUXSET. N. O.
C. D. KIRBY. Secretary.
IMPROVED ORDER RED MEN.
Meets Orat anO tnlrd
Thursday at T;iO p. m.
!Xlrr S In llu4t,rik Xl.11 Alt
. visaing Xktro atea uivuee
SAM KYALI. .Sachenu
W. a COKEX. Medicine Ma
F. C FtNDERSOX, C of R.
MODERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA
Bishe Catup No. 11415.
ir-j Meets Krst Tue!d J
Odd Fellowa 1U11
tXff R- L MOTZ. CcneiL
" (rC H. r MATHEWSON.
OHOER OF EASTERN STAR.
meets In Mas4.cic Ha!
Pearl Chapter. No. 6. meet
la Muosit Hall iwcoad and
fourth Tuesday of eac
mvnth t 7: SO p. m.
MRS. AXXA C. niCHAUDS, W. M.
Ptone 220. P. a Box S41. Btsbr.
MRS JSSSE BEVAX. Sec"y. P. O. Bo
2299. Chairman Relief Com. Phone 16L
WOODMEN OF THE WOtLD.
ixtwell Cazup Xo. 46 will
1 meet every We-'rvmlar
. at 7:30. Bronhs TlalL
. ar-v
1
U
3fH. C LANDAU. C C.
Xl'1 a B. THOMAS. CI
Clerk.
All wuodmen Invited.
BROTHERHOOD OF AMERICAN
YEOMAN
Richard L Homestead S95. meets
second and fourth Tuesday at Odd
1-e. lows' hall. YUiting Archer are
cordially Invited.
MRS. C C. FINLAYSOX. Ftreman
P. O. Box 1526.
E. D. STIXSOX. Correspondent
IVx 1496,
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS
Rathbone Lodge Na to.
Knights of Pythia
meets each Thursday
(except second) In Odd
Fellows' Hall at 7:30
p. m. Yisiting brothers
cordially Invitad.
FRANK BRUXING. a C.
J. C. KRIGTUUM. K. of R. S-
By C A. VOIGHT THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY MORNING, JANUARY 9, 1913.
Cfi5Sria"srSSS3aEKE3
EAGLE THEATRE
pit.
4 , re3 & wi3 (A tl
GREATER STARS
CONTINUOUS FROM 1 TO 11
GREATER PLAYS
TONIGHT
Where Everybody Goes to See Good Shows"
.U.-.r,!LKCING6:15
TONIGHT
WILLIAM FOX Presents
. BUSTIN FARNU
GOLDWYN'S GREATEST PRODUCTION
FEATURING
IN
1 J
EIGHT
ii r
i I
?r 7T ?n A ft"? th ttsv I
1 OEA 1 EK
M
71 A
T7 ifT
"The Scarlet Pimpernel"
A beautiful .and fascinating love story of the Colonial days done in the William Fox
style. Also
"The Halifax Disaster"
The Only Film Version of the Dreadful Catastrophe
MAE
IV
THE HEROINE OF "INTOLERANCE" AND -BIRTH OF A NATION," IN
AKHSSION: MATINEE 15 CENTS.
NIGHT, 15 CENTS AND 25 CENTS
- COMING FRIDAY
GOLDWYN'S GREATEST PRODUCTION
T3T! "S -OSS
H
9?
WO flfl
ii UMW OJ
r m
$0
" ?f
circus
Orpheum Theatre
TONIGHT
Starting 6:15-
TONIGHT
HILL and PAYNE present THE JOYMAKERS
-IN-
lensauws ors
A Musical Farce in One Act
Triangle Presents the Dainty
ENID BENNETT
IN
i iiey re On
A Triangle Production in Five Parts.
ADJIISSION 20 AND 30 CENTS
One of the Most TREMENDOUS, ELABORATE, REMARKABLE
Photo Spectacles Ever Produced
A PICTURIZATION OF MARGARET MAYO'S WORLD FAMOUS CLASSIC IN SEVEN ACTS.
Cost $250,000.00 to Produce
We Recommend This to Be One of the Best Attractions Ever Offered At This Theatre.
MUSIC BY ORCHESTRA
Admission 15c and 25c THIS INCLUDES WAR TAX
weeks aeo. No intimation has-been ""U1U- ,u -UB!,c "
made of the plans of the people who wneel from 1,18 c3r nJ " P:''pell-
were tienina me former manaeement. p- - -, 1
It is possible, however. the theatre !ame the rhase- He cau.sht UD wlthi
m.T be opened bv the owners of thel'be s 11 s ,MV,n a
bui'dicg " ln SafforJ- Tne nian made an effort,
to get away, but Kerv.pirn managed toi
borrd the running board. There w?re;
two in the car but cne made bis "pet-.
a-iy" before Kenipton reached
ford."
RETURN FROM VISIT.
j -Mil bur A. McLean and Mrs. McLean,
i proprietors of the Crescent Hotel,
i have returned from a visit to friends
J end relatives in British Columbia,
j Both report endless war activity in
. t!.e Dominion and a determination to
"see it through."
Saf-
! LEAVES LOCAL CHARGE.
j The Rv. Harold S. Brewster, rec
j tor of the Episcopalian church in the
, Warren district for several years, on
February 1. leaves the city to take
, charge of similar work in Winslow.
Arizona. Mr. Brewster will be suc
ceeded kere by the Rev. Mr. White.
LEAVES FOR INSTRUCTION.
Morton J. Itrown. son of W.
Drown, station a stent of the South-!
western at LowelL has left for Fast !
Pittsburgh. Pennsylvania, where tie I
will enter the instruction department :
ot the Westinghouse Klectrie compa-j
FORTY TRAINMEN ARE
NEEDED IN DOUGLAS
TO MAN MORE TRAINS
"wo Trains a Day to be Di- J
verted Over the Southwest
ern Between Tucson and El
Paso. Copper Bullion Era-!
baigoed.
niKFJHATIGX FOl! SMIXG DRU'E IS
Ui:iXG MADE 11727 SPADES IX FRAXCU
ny. The couise the Bisbee boy con-i
ter-.piates will take four years to com-1
pleie. I
MEETS THURSDAY.
The Warren District bianch of the!.1!': 1"J Ststea. wjs arrested
Forty trainmen are needed at the
Douelr.s offii-e of the t"l Paso and
' Sonrhwestern railroad to man four
ENEMY ALIEN ARRESTED. ! trains of the Southern Pafifle which
H. L. Kohlbers. a native of Ger-1 the povernment has orJered diverted
i tny nd not a naturalired citizen of : to th line from the Southern Pacific.
in !
Two Souihern Pacific trains are to
French Orphans committee will meet
Thursday afternoon at 3 p. m. at the
Copper Queen hotel to consider im
I ponant matters in regard to this
wcrk. Every member is urged toi
br:ng a friend who is interested in'
this work. I
irren on Monday aad h?s been taken run each way every day henceforth;
to Tucscn where he will be esan.ined ! bet weep Tucson and El Paso. Alto-'
and possibly interned. Kohlbere is teiher. 70 addition;-1 men will be re-:
kne wu to have made many statements j quired for them. The purpose of the '
in the Warren district which were es-jBew routine is to relieve congestion'
trcmely derogatory of the interests on the Southern Pa-.-ific Vtween Tuc-,
c' the l"n;:eil States. He was employ-1 son and El Paso. It will allow loco-j
City Briefs
Haa anyone visited yon? Or
have yon entertained? If so, can
the Eevlew after S p m. and teU
tie Society Editor. Phone "3.
loIce wss in attendance and partici-
rai:ea in ine nanquesi wnicn was serv
ed. A return trip will be made to
Pcusias. the If tier part of the present
month and a class installed on that
occasion.
LEAVES FOR COAST. j
Mrs. Fred Karris, of F.isbee. left ;
last evening for Saa Fraacisco where!
she will spend several weeks visiting.
ANNUAL ELECTION.
Tte annual election of directors for
the Warren District Commercial club
will be held at the club headquarters
this evening. A full attendance of
members U expected.
INSPECTOR HERE.
C. F. Duttoa, poetoffice inspector;
with headquarters in Phoenix ani well
known in Bis&ee. is a visitor in the
city cn business. .
INSTAL OFFICERS,
UNDELIVERED TELEGRAMS.
Nellie F. Lanpe, Mrs. V. F. Reed,
Mac L:indren. R. D. Post. Max Gess-
ein. C. W. Despain. G. Jourr Medipo-
vkh. Henry Stark and S. P. Ivy have
telegrams at the local office of the
I s'.ern Union.
jCOVES TO BISBEE.
The Bisbee chapter f the Junior According to the Globe Record. I
order of American Mechanics held its T. Gaines, former manager of the
regular meeting last evening and in- Martin theatre in Globe, will take
stal'ed officers for the ensuing year, over the management of the Royal
Sara P. Benton was the councillor. A theatre in this city. The Royal was
large delegation from the Douglas 1 forced to close Us doors several
'PR IS OX" FOR ALIEXS AT HOT SPRIXGS
LOOKS LIKE GERM AX FILL AGE AT EX PC
ii. -'. -s?-7arJ -ilnt"-'-f--.- " i-0"Cr.
A
BUSINESS MEN'S MEETING.
A large ttiendance is expected at
th annual meeting of the Warren
District Business Men's association,
which will be held in the rooms of
ed by the eneineerins
MiOregcr of Warren.
firm of A. G. j motives which have been run between ,
j these two points to be diverted west !
cr Tucson, wnere tn nessi ot tr.em is
ORDERED EAST. urgent. j
j Friends in the Warren ditri. ? fl It was announced at the El Paso,
Captain John C. Walker, jr.. who ac-iana "'u' n iwug:as
tr.at until runner no;;. no mere cop
per would bo shipped from the smelt
r;-o ' r; r--
; " -v;
V
Walker, jr.. who ac-:
companied company L, Tiiirty-Fifth iu-
me assolflllnn nvr Mnnnv ovemr-.a i
.i . , - ... . ... - : fantrv tn the Wamn rifrri.-t sn.f r.
me ooara oc aireciors ana omcers,. . ' . .v i nF .v, Vi,.:.inni river
ior a5 euumg year, wiii oes electee , ; , " "
at the time.
The!
jfor several months, have learned Vith! T9? f"r ,hl OTert is kpp xo
(interest that the ofticcr has been or-i f.or ,l 7U,'P":
!Hrj t .k- nient needed in handhng the coal for
i dered to some point cn the Atlantic
seaboard. It is not known whether
is slated for imr.ie-
which there Is great necessity through- i
s out the east. The order will neoessi- .
DULUTH VISITOR.
Dan Harrington of Duluth. Miune- t,r" - L
sia. is a visitor at t::e home of Pat- "f" t " u . . " ' tnte the piling up of the output of the
"ii ixaiton ana -Mrs. uulton ln Lowell. . " " v " v I)U-las
namngton is a brotiie- of Mrs. Dal-1 ;- V 7V. . v4 .i the present emharg.. is raised.
ion. At tnis ume Harrinston departs . " : . al Tiii.
French farmer reclaiming his little acre. .
! The o!J rr ipn in the photo has pist rvturnod to his farm in Fnre. re
cently reconque;e J. Already he is dipi't: out U;e po.-U ' cr.tn jiementa
preparatory to sprirg p!o.i..
smelters until sui-h time as
ent embargo is raised.
Ue sunny air of southern Arizona is!?!? lo .n.vnts sq-.mdroa of tUe,bi,i;T pf havilr. aU t!l. railroads of
a distract relief from the snow covered ! "'erlcan punitive expeuuion to Mex-i f,.e countrv umler the direction of one
. . . iio. i. .
stieeis ci ine M;penor rrt. head; it allows the covernment to
xir- eciriiMF. , (clear the way for such freight as is
f-S.nu Z vDJ!R GE,NEra- urgently required in war necessities;
i-Tank D. Webster, soldier and man. anJ so u unti, t;,e end pf th;
urru uumiiiaiea oy ice president
o be a brigadier general in the n-
Business Locals
ATTENTION MINERS!
FRrri-:. FRK:. We will hob nail U
work shoes rroucht here this week.
AlUOLl"TELY FREE. Kobe.Vs. opio
site Fa;le Theatre. AdT. JJJ
INCOME TAX EXPERT HERE.
G. X. Dernier, income tax expert
with the treasury department, has ar
arrived In liisbee and can be found at
toe office of the Warren District Com
mercial club. He will remain in Bis
bee until January 25. and will assist
local men in mtking their declarations
to the internal revenue collector.
Lr. Plajfalr, Geuvpaii. MA' :
rl!.i. Mason car stop. Phon l-:ue 647
4t. J3i
war. The embargo on copper would
. -. .(....a . . ...... 1
tl.-n.t T.-.K . . . - - .-' ' 'I'f
- ier carae 10 An-; cf th's metal now ln the east and that
Ii..na shortly after th Twenty-second , tt ha been deridt-d to stop f.irther
iln.antry was sent to the border. He . ship-.nent unii! the luck of other com
ias then a mcjor. While the regiment : molities is relieved,
jv-s stationed at Warren, in the s-jm-J The copper output at the Douglas
,mer of 1916. Major Webfter was mM ; smeUers will be piled up for the pres-
TRAINS FOR OFFICER. ' "l',pnant colonel and received his.ent and un;il the emhareo is raise!.
Emil Yoakum, son of Jesse Yoakum ' C C'nky. ,his ear For sever.il , whk h will be wien the r.wessity for
of Warren and a mea:ber of the ei;a-m0 8 w3 ln """mnd c! the j copper in the east increases or when
ty-ninth division of the National arr.iy'Thent.y"ir0,,d vhUi! il fIB1Pl in j the urgent demand for coal and other
camped at Camp Funston has been e i-' . -S dlstritt- Colonel Webster is a re-i war niktermls decreases in the east.
roi:ed In the officers training ramn . an a sparkle " i oe remmoera tn:it during
- i in -i :irt vo . . .
- a ! r,r;, ... .j ,
DR. HELENE T. WEBS
Has opened parlors for chiropody and
manicuring at the foston Apartments.
Adv. SS
SUIT CASE SPECIALS
$2.00 suit cases now on sale at 11.15.
$" ;- suit cases now on sale at $2.S0
Kobev's, opposite Eagle Theatre.
Adv.
L. L. Gilman sells tiie New Edison,
'the phonograph wr.h a shul."
MADAM CAGNEY
was called east on business; will be
away 30 or 0 days. Adv. 24$
Evpert papvr nn-r -no painter. C
l-randl. Phone r. Vox lid. 5V-
Will pay thirty dollars for use- of
three hundred fifty for ninety days.
First class collateral. Address "it",
care of Review. Adv. 25S
at that station. Yoakum,
sergeant in the artillery, was a visitor
wlca a smiie for I
officer. The ir.snv
1916 there was a partial embargo on
the shipment of coppr from the local
ROCKHILL'S STAGE.
Risbee-Tombstone, Leases Ri;
s"r,fL,""- a me annierv. was a visitor . ... , . , , ...... ... oi
in the Warren district for several d -vs' y 'ends of Colonel Webster can I smelters, here because of congestion
during the Christmas holidays. t'r"y c'OIe. that the toP of nis ladler.f freight terminals in the east and
Pis'.e Auto Co..
"as.enser cars.
Phor.e. Jtishee S.
. m.. 1:30 p. m.
Careful drivers.
A.lv
DANCE
Irtemational Brotherhood of Black
smiths and Helpers first annual dance
Eagles Hall tonight Shas Orches
tra. Admission $1.00. ladies free. Re
freshments. Adv. 2tll
i pro.nction has not been reached.
Of Earthquake
(Dy Review Leased Wirel
SAX SALVADOR. Jan. S.-The
newspapers today print with reserve
German internment camp at Hot Springs, Ark.
The internment camp at Hot Sprinra. Ark where several B'jndred
(Germans are interned for the period of the war, looks anything but like a
prison. It appeara to be a German section of some big exposition or
bazaar.
AN AIRPLANE RECEIPT.
Here's what It takes to make an air- f . T y y-j
plane, according to the official figures trill OlU ID0TC
of the arrnv c.irni
strews. 33.; steel stampings, 921 ;
forgings. T9S; turnbuckles. 276; veneer
57 square feet; wire. 3262 feet: bi-l
ory. m feet; varnish. 11 gallons; dopej
gaiions; aiun-inum. 65 pounds; rub-1
ber. 34 leet; linea. 201 square yards; j
spruce. 244 feet; pine. ; feet; ash.l
11 fr 1
j a ronort brought here by a traveler B
frmm PiialAmnl A re i F?
assessing statc s . i". .r : " 1 ' " " "l ,ne 3C
, .. . .uuuiurr i persons ai.ia in the re- it
La . direr,lon of county as-; cent eanhquakes in Guatemala wa,-
sessor Edwin A. Hushes, and handled estimated at six thousand Theft
1 ,ocal 9'ss,r James Powell, the, traveler said more than one hundred 9
! assessing season in Bisbee and the ; persons were shot while robbing He j!
Warren district has started. Asses-j ad Jed that many of the inhabitants B
jsor Hughes Is now fa the southeast-! of Guatemala were fleeing to Mexico '1
,ern part of the county directing sim-'and Salvador. !j
i.ar work. Deputy Walter Thomas is ,
; in the neighborhood or P.enson on the Recent dispatches from Guatemala :
jsame work. j have given various estimates of the
I I casualties due to the earthquakes in
RUNS IN THE FAMILY. j Guatemala, which began the day after
t v Th'' Grhn County Rulletin. pub-; Christmas, these ranging from SO to
lisbed In Safford. has the following to :.5oo.
I say about Deputy Sheriff Kempton. of!
1 1 nst piace. AX J. A. Kempton of the '
f ipbee pnlire force is a brother of the
j:i!a Valley mm: "Fridav night i
i!piy Sheriff Kempton captured an-:
(oiner Dootlegger and confiscated clcht, dispatch to the Pester IJoyd tEuda-
fTh co ana a e!ie automobile.! pest) says that in political circles the
The man gave his name as Louie Mik-! peace conditions offered by the British
I len- Ieputv Ken'ntiiti Kn.iftawf ih.'nrimp minister r .-nti.ii4Mot
1 Dcause ot ronestions a. tr.e copper'
! refineries who could not receive the 1
copper as fast as it was produced in
the west.
PRIVATE SANITARIUM.
Call Dlack 573 for terms, etc. !
Advertisemeni 97t
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRINQ RESULTS.
LVRIC THEATRE!
r
ltah ony
Lower Fl'.wr .
-10c
Reserved Seat
20c
WILLIAM DUNCAN AND CROL HOLLOWAY
"The .Fighting Trail"
EPISODE SEVEN
"THE LION'S PREY"
CAN NOT ACCEPT
Pv Review I ease l Wire!
AMSTERDAM Jan. 8 A Vienna
jcar at Solomonville and chased it ti! sible of acceptance.
impos-.
NIAGARA FILM STUDIOS
Present
Perils of a Girl Reporter"
"lit Jade Necklace"
Featuring Helen Green and Earl Matcalf
CHARLIE CHAPLIN
IN
"FLOORWALKER"
MUTUAL WEEKLY
The News of the World