Wk
1
Twelve Pages
TWO SECTIONS
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service
-A
VOL 21, NO. 198.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 29, 1918.
PRICE HVE CENTS.
H
SI
IT
M
111
E4 Pft 5 ffc
til
VK
0R
UKRAINIANS
GIVE BACK TO
ill
BATTLE BETWEEN RUSSIAN VOL-j
UNTEERS AND REPUBLICAN j
TROOPS LASTS 13 HOURS EM-j
PLOYING MODERN WAR MA- j
CHINERY IN ODESSA STREETS '
FRENCH ARE IN RESERVE
UKRAINIAN BANDS TERRORIZE
POLAND MURDERING LAND
OWNERS WHERE POSSIBLE;
PADEREWSKI DENIES STORIES j
AS GERMAN PROPAGANDA
ODESSA, Thursday, Dec. 19 (By the
FRENCH FORCE
l
Associated Press). The street fight- j commission's headquarters here,
lng, lasting 13 hours, which greeted j xhe survival of the peoples of Bel
the French entry into the Ukraine, gium and northern France, while a
ceased at 5 p. m. yesterday when the quarter of the populations of other
republican officers, under a white flag. Genuan-qccupied lands died of famine,
appeared at French headquarters. . wa3 ascribed by Mr. Hoover to the
They said that the battle had been . work 0f tne commission which for
begun against the Russian volunteer our years poured food across belliger
army, which had declared itself the ent lines sufficient to keep men, wo
enemy of the present republican direc- j men an(j children above the margin
torate or tne Ukraine, put mat tne 1
republicans refused to oppose the su
perior force of the French.
General Boring, commanding the
French troops, in reply, told the offi
cers that the volunteer army was now
under French, command. He delivered j
an ultimatum, aemanaing ine repuDii-,
cans leave the city within a. half-hour, I
abandoning their arms and the rolling j considerable extent upon the United
stock of the Kiev railroad. The re-, states for clothing,
publican staff withdrew five miles Population is Underclad
outside Odessa, leaving considerable j , ..The popuiation is underclad," Mr.
quantities of munitions, several can- j Hoover said, "and the one direction in
non and about 500 prisoners, but a ma-, wh.jch tfte Belgians are in need of
jority of its force, numbering about ; charitable help is in large clothing
8000, still under arms, are outside : 8upplies to the ' commission on relief
the city. I for Belgium. There is no quantity
During yesterday's fighting modern of secoud hand clothing that will not
weapons were used by both sides, i be needed and that will not bring
from armored cars and machine guns j gratitude in the heart of some indi
to big cannon. The principal squares j Vjduai Belgian"
and the postoffice and railway sta-j wilh tne German evacuation, the
tion show a multitude of scars as a i system ot distribution of food and
result of the conflict. The French I clolhing Duilt up Dy tne commission
acted as reserves, leaving the direct I during ,oar years oecame disor.
engagement to tne volunteers, ho ganlted due to the breakdown in trans
suffered about 100 casualties. Only porlation Mr. Hoover found. This
one Frenchman was wounded, but breaki down of the ration control in
General Bonns threa ened to use the 8Uch coramodities as meats, butter
French m attack un.ess the republi-' othpr nece supplies resulted
cans surrendered immediately. j in tne who, of a Um,ted ,
The serious fighting began at the , 8uch foodstuffs gravitating toward
moment the schools were dismissed.;
thus exposing hundreds of children ,
to bullets. Many of the children re-j
mained in the school house during the
General Torins today ordered the 1
German troops throughout the
Uk-
raine to assist In the maintenance of
order, under severe penalties for fail
ure to do so. It is believed the re
publicans are unable to summon an
effective military force against the
French, and that, therefore, the exist
ence of the directorate is insecure. M.
Henno, the French diplomatic repre
sentative, however, admits the grav
ity of the task of preserving order j
throughout the Ukraine, oVinfe to the
diverse racial hatreds. . -
BANDITS MENACE TOWN
WARSAW, Dec. 28 (By the Assort-!
ated Press). Northern Ukraine bands
now are threatening the town of Ko-
vel. They have already taken Lutsk
and Rovan, murdering, wherever pos
sible the Polish land owners and also
Russian officers of the former im
perial army.
In the town Berdyczov, the Ukrain
ians shot eighteen officers on enter
ing the town and took 86 prisoners.
(Continued on Page Five)
Battleships of
America Bring
Vtff)io IniM)
(By Rvl-w Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, Dec. 2S. Four
teen battleships and ten cruisers
among the older vessels on the
navy list have been assigned by
the navy department to help
bring troops home from France.
The work of altering the battle
ships to fit them for transport
work Is being rapidly completed,
and several of them already are
in service. All of the ten cruis
ers have been fitted up and the
navy department announced to
day that one had sailed from
Brest with its first load of troops.
Another is at Brest, and two ot
the battleships are reported to
have left Brest with troops.
BELGIANS
AND
FRENCH
BUT NOT STARVED, SAYS HOOVER
This Result Largely Due to Ef-
forts of America, Which
Brought Food to Them jj
Gratitude of These People to
United States Is Unbounded
and Embarassing j
(P.y Review Leased Wire) i
WASHINGTON, Dec. 28. Fourj
years of German oppression brought j
no loss of life from starvation to the
populations of Belgium and northern j
France and the under-nourishment
resulting from it "can be stamped out
if America continued to send food.
This report from Herbert Hoover,
chairman of the commission for relief
in Belgium, based on a survey of the
occupied territories of western Eu-
rone, was made public tonight at the
0f starvation.
Gratitude is Unbounded
The gratitude of these people to the
United States, Mr. Hoover reported,
is unbounded and embarassing.
They no longer need or desire to get j
food through charity but owing to the
systematic destruction of their textile !
industries thev must still depend to a
Food Prices Soaring
Though it is now possible, Mr. Hoov-
er tound- to bu' almost an? kind ot
(Continued on Page Three)
Ti
T
f r n
SHOW STRENGTH
Than Million Desig
nated for Demobilization
and Half That Number Re turned
to Civil Life
CBv Review leased "Wire)
WASHINGTON, Dec. 28. A steady
stream of troops from overseas and
army camps is moving homeward.
With more than 1.000,000 men desig
nated for demobilization since the
signing of the armistice, all efforts.
General March, chief of staff, said to-
day, are being directed toward getting
them out of service and back to the
work in which they formerly were
engaged. Already more than half the
number designated have been muster
ed out.
Meanwhile additional units have
been assigned for early convoy home,
ortH 1 1 avnarfta I ha ninvamonl 11 Vint.
tleships and ten cruisers have been
added to the fleet of transports which !
will bring back that part of the expe-
ditionary force, not needed for duty
with the army of occupation. Reports
tonight from France showed that
three more transports, with upwards
of 5000 men. has sailed, and others
will depart for home ports as rapidly
as possible. v
General March said the work of dis-
.Jlr. o (ho. f .Knur 1 fifl flftA .
v v. 1111. .1 u iun is, T3 ' . j v Vj . 1 ,
week. I
YANK
OPS
unur
mai mini
nu
iiMi'im
UNDERFED
RED CROSS FIGURES
PROVE DISAPPOINTING TO
ADVANCE STATISTICIANS
SAX FRANCISCO. Dec.-28. Re-
! turns on the Christmas roll call or
the Red Cross in California, Nevada
an- Arizona showed an incomplete
ing to an announcement at the Red
Cross headquarters here. It was
expected that the 800,000 enroll
ment set lor the drive would be
greatly exceeded. California had
650,457, Nevada 16,363 and Arizona
38,564 names in the enrollment to ;
date. 1
i:
GIVE COALITION
Lloyd George Rides Into
, Power, Again Triumphing
VTVer Asquith, f aCUlStS
and Women
LONDON, Dec. 28. (By the As.
sociated Press.) The board features
of the election results announced to-
day are the sweeping triumph of the
Lloyd George coalition, the complete
rout of the Asquithians, the pacifists
and the women candidates, and, per
haps most significant of all, the vic
tory of the Sinn Feiners all along the
line ,
,-Tliat the coalition government would
be victorious had been a foegrone on
clusion, .despite tne rumDiinss of ru
mor between the polling and the
courting of the votes that labor would
make an unexpected showing. But
that David Lloyd George would com
mand completely an overwhelming
majority in the new house in the pro
portion of almost 5 to 1 had never
been contemplated, even by the most
sanguine coalitionists. And
since '
coalition as it now operates, is dis
tinctly more conservative than liberal
in its compositon and tendencies, this
result of the first election under the
extended franchise and with the par
ticipation of millions of women vot
ers is most suggestive.
Premier Lloyd .George, with only'
four results yet to' be announced, has
519 seats for his coalition, out of a
membership of 707. The Sinn Feiner
have elected 70 members and labor
approximately 75.
Of 14 women candidates only one
will be entitled to sit in the house of
commons, namely, a Sinn Feiner,
Countess Markievicz, who was elected
for St. Patrick's division of Dublin
City. But, as the Sinn Feiners refuse
to sit at Westminster, the house of
commons will, as hitherto, be com
posed entirely of males.
All the other women candidates, in
cluding many of the foremost in tho
women's movements, were rejected by
their constituencies. Christabel Pank
hurst came the nearest of these to be
ing elected, being defeated only by a
narrow margin by a laborlte.
The Sinn Feiners, as expected, not
only swept Ireland, but gained their
seats with enormous majorities, leav
ing the nationalist representation in
the new parliament a bare seven
members. John Dillon, the national
ist leader, was defeated by E. de Va
lera, Sinn Feiner, for East Mayo, by
a majority of over 4000. Joseph Dev
lin, however, defeated de Valera for
the West Belfast seat. De Valera
also was a candidate in the South
down constituency. A prominent fea
ture of the polling revealed by the
count is the comparative sinallness of
the polls compared with the reg
istered number of electors. No fig-
I ures are available yet as to what ex
tent the army and navy have voted.
It Ehould also be noted that the de
feat of the Asquithians, especially the
former ministers. In most cases Can
be attributed in part to split votes in
three-cornered constituencies.
Not only has no coalition minister
been defeated, but most of them were
fleeted by extraord.nary majorities,
For, KPre,ml7 ' d G,?.orf 8
"iaJor!'13:i.l3,.,,l:t 2'T : '"ston
, nnn"' A"
8, ,. ,,
M"J"" " 10.0 0 were
cuite common among the coa ltionlsts.
n ,nf otner t"1'- ll,e Pcirist were
""T08.1 evf r' 0396 . '"V"'0118
Ijecled candidates In this group in
cluded Philip Snowden, James Ram-
MaCLHHiaia
William C. Anderson
iContlnued on Tage Thre)
BRITISH
VOTERS
THE R
SUPPORT
PRESIDENT IN
ACCORD WITH
LLOYD GEORGE
IN INTERVIEW WITH AMERICAN
NEWSPAPERMEN BRITISH PRE
MIER SAYS CONFERENCES
WITH WILSON SHOWED THEM
TO AGREE ON PRINCIPLES
i t
i
ATMOSPHERE IS EASIER
PARIS REPORTS SENTIMENT IN
PEACE CONGRES8 CIRCLES AFT
ER ANOTHER WEEK OF CON
FERRING TO BE blTIMISTIC IN
ITS ACTUAL TONE
iBy Review I.vksed Wr)
LONDON. Dec. 28. f-Premier Lloyd
George, in receiving American, news
paper correspondents at his residence
at 7 o'clock tonight, said that the con
ferences with the ', president had
brought about an agreement on gen
eral principles. Thevjreniier said he
felt assured that matters which had
and Eneland would nrove of the ereat-
est assistance in the work of the
peace congress. '
An understanding virtually had
been reached already between the en
tente powers regarding the admission
of the various nations to the peace
conference itself, said the premier.
In his conferences in Paris with the
premiers of France and Italy, Presi
dent Wilson had become fully ac
quainted with their views and he had
now also acquired a knowledge of the
British standpoint.
"And," continued the premier, "I
feel assured that all thn powers are
in accord on the Easlc principles of
the peace which will come before the
conference. At any rate, it will be
certain that America and England
will be found working In complete
harmony in the conference."
At the close of his address, answer
ing a question as to when he expected
the British delegation to go to Paris,
the premier replied that owing to the
neces9ity clearing up the general
eiecuuu unu uiuer pressing uuaiuess
it could not be before the end of the
first week -of the new year. At the
present time, he added, it could be
stated that only two members of the
delegation had been selected definite
ly meaning himself and Foreign Sec
retary Balfour.
Touching on the report coming from
the United States that Andrew Bonar
Law, chancellor of the exchequer,
would be one of the delegates, the
premier pointed out that it was im
possible, as the chancellor was the
government leader in the house of
commons and his presence would be
needed at home.
The newspaper men were received
after a long conference the premier
and Secretary Balfour bad with Pres
ident Wilson this afternoon and which
will be continued at the premier's
dinner to the presdient at his official
residence in Downing street.
PEACE SENTIMENT BRIGHTER.
PARIS, Dec. 28. The Bentlment to
day in peace congress circles after
another week of conferences is dis
tinctly brighter and a spirit of opt 1-
(ConrtiiuJ on Pare Ttiree)
six iiiTNow
DEATH TOLL OF
WAR, LATEST
LONDON. Dec. 28 (British wire-
less service). With issue of the
j official figures of the French losses
- in the war, it is possible to arrive
at the approximate estimate of the
! appalling toll of life. The dead., so
! far. number 5.936,504. The indl
j viduai national losses In dead thus
far announced are:
' British. 700,726; French. 1.071.-
300; American. 5S.47S; Russian, 1.-
, 700000; Austrian. 800,000; Ger-
man, 1 rnft ftftll 'I
J The total German casualties are
given by the Terlln Vorwaerts as
6.330.000, and the Austrian total
; was placed at 4,000,000.
ESTIMATE
DISTRICT MUST SUBSCRIBE ALMOST
$100,000 TO
ENTENTE DECIDES TO
GIVE CZECHQ-SLOVAKS
FORMER GERMAN COLONY '
PRAGUE, Friday, Deo. 27. (Hy K
the Associated Press.) The en- i !
tente powers have decided to give j;
to czecno-KiovaKia the former Ger-
man colony of Togoland, in West j
Africa, and a portion of Hungary
so that the boundaries will con- ?
form with the historical frontier $
of Slavic territory- It Is declared
that a note has been sent to Hun
gary outlining the proposed bound
aries and asking that government
J to evacuate the territory men
i tion-d.
Of
OF ITS DAUGHTER
WhUe President Wilson's Visit
Is Supposed to Be Informal,
Some Citizens Have Deco
rated Homes
CARLISLE, England, Dec. 28 (By
the Associated Press). This bustling
railway center, where in old times
Briton and Scot often battled for su
premacy, was busy today preparing to
welcome President Wilson, when he
comes iiere tomorrow to vlst the girl
hood home here of his mother. Here
and there the stars and stripes hang
lazily in the smoxe-laden atmosphere.
Decoration, however, is not general
CARLISLE AWATS
ARRIVAL
SON
for official word has gone out that thejthe Varren distrirl are not going t0
president desires his visit to be purely
personal and informal. The authori
ties are working along this line, but
the people are making their own prep
arations and the police force has been
augmented in expectation of a large
crowd tomorrow. The president will
arrive at the citadel railway station.
u-ltam ha u-UI V. a mat h liar. .
:".C ".I,".::
nam van aiiu ui iitti viij vnumia,
The president will be escorted past
the old Roman wall to the famous
old Crown and Mitre hotel, where he
will be presented with the freedom
cf the city and will sign the city roll
which contains many famous names.
A silver casket containing the en
grossed address of welcome will be
sent later to Washington.
Leaving the hotel, the president will
go to Annetwell street, where ,stood
the church in which bis grandfather
was pastor and where his mother was
born and lived three years. The pres
ident also will visit the house known
as the Cavendish Place which his
father built, and will be shown the
room which his mother occupied.
Rev. Edward Booth, pastor of the
Lowther street Congregational church
received a message from London this
afternoon, stating that the president
would attend services Sunday. As the
physicians attending the Rev. Mr.
Booth, say that he will be able to
preach tomorrow, he will conduct the
services.
The Cavendish house, at 83 War
wick road. ' is two stories high. It
stands behind four holly bushes and is
now owned by Edgar Sayer. a banker,
who lives there with bis family. It
consists of three rooms on the first
floor, five on the second and two in
the attic.
The terms of the ground lease speci
fied that the walls of the house must
be 14 Inches thick, if of brick, and
eighteen inches if of stone, while all
the timber should be seasoned oak.
These provisions seem to have been
strictly carried out. and the house ap
pears to be in finde condition. Mr. Say
er. who has Just moved In. bought the
house because it was the only one i
obtainable In the city. He had no
Idea, he said today, that It was of
historic Interest. The room where
President Wilson's grandfather con
ducted school is now used as a din'
lng room. It extends the depth of the
nouse. wun Dig winaows ai eacu euu.
one opening on the garden, which was
nnre the school nluveround. Mr. Saver.
i
Is unable to identify the room which
the president's mother occupied.
President Wilson is expected to ar-
rive at the house at 11 o'clock Sunday,
mornlne and from there will go to the,
Lowther street church, nearby. I
150 OFFICERS KILLED.
" ' ' .
WASHINGTON, Der 2S. -The war!""",
department announced today that 150
Amn Vomme-d overs' ot the 'wito Rus
ar service were killed In France m'an and German propagandists. The
action this year. (Oatf-Jried ea Fsge Thro) '
REDEEM ITS PLEDGE
j'Two Days Are Left to Sell
rvemamaer or section s pro
Rata of W. S. S.
Douglas and Warren District
Alone in County Are Lack
ing in This Respect
The people of the Warren district
never were considered "pikers" and at
this late day will not wish to be con
sidered as such. However, if they
would save themselves from the op
probrium of being considered both
"pikers" and "slackers," but two days
remain in which they may complete
their pledges for the purchase of war
savings stamps. At present, accord
ing to the statement of J. C. Ryan,
chairman of the county W. S. S. com
mittee, the district now lacka ahout
J $100,000 of fulfilling its pledge.
The district has been doing well in
the matter of purchasing the baby
bends, but must do better or be
shamed before the state, Mr. Ryan
said. Up to June 1, the county, out i
cf a pro rata pledge of $1,061,000 had
purchased but $148,000. in the stamps.
On December 1 an accounting showed
that the county had purchased but
$343,688 out of its allotment. Then
the leaders in the movement, headed
by Mr. Ryan, got busy. District after
district in the county rolled up its
allotted total and settled back with
a sigh of satisfaction after the effort.
Finally, only Bisbee and Douglas re
mained upon the delinquent list.
"I talked with W. H. Webster, chair
man of the Douglas committee, to
night." said Mr. Ryan. "He informed
me that in Douglas the committee,
aided by the newspapers and the pub
lic, had concentrated efforts to wipe
out the slacker stain on the city. He
is confident that it will be done before
the New Year opens. '
Surely the people of Bisbee and
be the only ones in Cochise county
who have not bought their allotment
of stamps. I feel confident that they,
too, will come alive to the neces
sity for Immediate action and will
wipe out the balance standing against
them at the present time."
airplanes reach Americans.
GOBLENZ, Friday, Dec. 27. Sixty
airplanes of the Fokker type arrived
in Coblenz today by special train from
Berlin. They were the first of 200
airplanes which are to be turned over
to the American forces in Coblen in
accordance with the armistice terms.
Each machine occupied a flat car
and a German soldier guarded each
car.
uu.uc. i
arrived to try out one out of every 20
macmnes neiore tne pianes are turned
over to the American commissoin.
IN NEED FOOD
OTHER SUPPLIES
Unless These Are Forthcom
ing at Once There Is Dang
er of Starving Folk Turning
Bolshevist
PARIS, Dec. 2S (By the Associated
Press). I'nless Poland received food
supplies and clothing from the allies
ImTliefliafplr fhpro i irrflvA Hnntrnr
tne p0puiatj0n, which is facing
,tBrvll. wni iin . hnuhriut
movement and thereby menace the
8tabillty of the new g0vernment. ac-
cording to Lt. Stanislaw Hempel, aide
de camp to Gen. Joseph Pilsudskl,
military head of the Polish govern-1
mnt
ijeutenant Hempel. who arrived in
Parig a few dayg ago from Polandt on !
ji..i.i. j l
uipiuiuaui: luismuii. lias iuru nu
urf,ent plea through the newsppaers.
tnat the UnIted State8 rush food to
h. nnntrv In thin nlea he der-lared
,here were onlT ,wo or three weekl,'
n I
Lieutenant Hempel said that hoi-
j shevlsm was the one thing which the
inew republic now feared. Poland was
surrounded by revolutionists, and hav-
of virtually all
livlihood, natural-
" " . "
POUND
STANDS
LAST DAY IN
LONDON BUSY
FOR WILSON
OFFICIALS OF CITY OF LONDON
PRESENT HIM WITH ADDRESS
OF WELCOME, AFTER WHICH
HE IS GUEST AT LUNCHEON AT
LORD MAYOR'S MANSION HOUSE
RECEIVES DELEGATIONS
GOES TO CARLISLE AFTER DIN
NER AND TODAY WILL VISIT
BIRTHPLACE OF HIS MOTHER;
MONDAY AT MANCHESTER
WHERE HE MAKES SPEECHES
(By R-viw Leavyl 'Wirt)
LONDON. Dec. 28. President j
Wilson made his last public appear- I
ance in London today. Officials of !
the city of London presented him ?
with an address of welcome in the J
ancient Guild hall where other fa-
mous Americans, including General (
Grant and former President Roose- j
velt. have been received. After-
ward be was the guest at a lunch-
eon in the Egyptian ball of the
Mansion house where hover the
ghosts of. decades of civic oratory i
and where many Americans have 1
partaken of the famed aldenhanic '
. . t )
v luil.rj 9UUU. )
The drive from Buckingham palace
and return was witnessed by immense
crowds. There was plenty of enthu
siasm abroad but it hardly reached
the same volume as that which attend
ed th. president's entry into Lnai&a"
on Thursday. Announcement of the
results of the general election was
somewhat of a counter attraction to
day. Human Interest Ripples
Beneath the surface of the formali
ties at the Mansion house an unusual
episode of human interest was rip
plingpart happy,' part tragic. Pre
mier Lloyd George, who sat near the
president, was learning that the voters
j had renewed his lease of power by
heavier majorities than political au
guries had foretold. H. H. Asquitn,
his one-time chief and rival of today,
was seated nearby and heard that hi
political career of more than 30 years
had been halted.
Addresses Various Delegations
The day's official events were not
limited to the two functions in the
rttv Thft nroaittant rpi-aivAil anil amka
to various delegations which present-
ed addresses ,t the American embas-
sy and t0Bight ne dined ,t the pre
niter's residence in Downing street
with the members of the cabinet.
Visits Mother's Birthplace
After the dinner he en trained for
Carlisle, where tomorrow he will visit
bis mother's birthplace. On Monday
j he will be in Manchester, the great
j midland commercial city. The presi
! dent will make an oration in the tree
j trade hall at Manchester w hich holds
-4000 people and another speech at a
! luncheon where other delegations will
be presented.
; No Jarring Incidents
The visit to London has passed
without any jarring note or discussion
of precedent and rank like that
which attended President Grant's visit
In 1877.
The president has not heard that
the police took away red flags from a
few women of foreign appearance in
the crowds in the streets of London.
He has gone abroad in London unat-
(Continued on Pag Two)
Wilson at Tea
With Helpmate
Of Lloyd George
(Rv rtrvirw Lrn-M-d Wire)
LONDON, Dec. 28. An event
not on the prepared program was
a tea given at 5 o'clock this after
noon by Mrs. Lloyd George to
Mrs. Wilson, at which the presi
dent was present. The tea was
arranged informally by telephone,
the premier's wife Inviting the
wives of the heads ot government
departments to meet Mrs. Wilson.
Tea was served In the "tal."
drawing room. Mr. and Mrs.
Wilson arrived shortly before 5
o'clock and returned to Bucking
ham palace a half hour later.
Premier Lloyd George, the Earl
of Reading and Chancellor Bonar
Law also were present TWO
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW. SUNDAY, DECEMBER 29, 1918.
OPERATING INCOME OF
RAILROADS DECREASES
Interstate Commerce Commission in
Its Monthly Review Says October
Earnings Were Smaller This Year
Than In 1917
(Ev Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. Dec. 28. The Inter
state commerce commission in its
monthly review of railroads, estimat
ed today that the operating income
of the principal roads for October was
considerably below the figure for the
corresponding month last year when
they were under private control. Ope
rating income is substantially the dif
ference between revenues and ex
penses with deducation for taxes. In
October this stood at $S9,511.225, as
compared w ith $105,768,433 in October,
1917, and $101,389,000 in September
of this year.
Operating revenues were $4S9,32;,
259, an increase of $106.7S7,!t48 over
October last year, and operating ex
penses $383,373,566, or $123,315,347
greater.
The ratio of operating expenses to
operating revenues increased from
6i.9 per cent to 78.3 per cent.
LAST DAY IN
LONDON BUSY
FOR WILSON
(Continued from Page One)
by American secret service
tended
men.
Speech at Luncheon
In bid speech this afternoon at the I
lord mayor's luncheon at Mansion
house, President Wilson said:
Mr. Lord Mayor, Your Royal High
ness, Your Grace, Ladies and Gentle
men: Vsin havn strain mfllp nip fpel. Rir.
the very wonderful and generous wcl- J gratefulness that the
come of this great city and you have
reminded me of what has perhaps be
come one of the habits of my lite.
Natural Always Unpreceaented
'Vou have saia that 1 have broken
all precedents in coming across the
ocean to join in the counsels ol tae
peaca coniertnce, but I think those
who have been associated with me
in Washington will testify that that is
nothing surprising. 1 saiu to the mem
bers ol the press in Washington one
evening that one of the things that
had interested me most since 1 lived
in Washington was that every time
I did anything perfectly natural it was
said to be unprecedented.
Perfectly Natural Break
"It was pertectly natural to break
this precedent, natural because the de
mand for intimate conference took
precedence over every other duty.
And, after all, the breaking of prece
dents, though this may sound strange
doctrine in England, is the most sen-
u i i.i a thlnir tn Hn The harness of !
precedent is sometimes a very sad and ! heard, not tne words of triumph, but
harassing trammel.
you have made us feel that compan
ionship was accessible to us in the
most delightful and enjoyable form.
Appreciate His Welcome
"I thank you sincerely for this wel
come, sir, and am very happy to join
in a love feast which is all the more
enjoyable because there is behind it a
background of tragical suffering. Our
spirits are released from the darkness
of the clouds that at one time seemed
to have settled upon the world in a
way that could not be disposed, the
sufferings of your own people, the suf
fering of the people of Prance and the
infinite suffering of the people of Bel
gium. The whisper of grief that has
been blown all through the world is
now silent and the sun of hope seems
to spread its rays and to charge the
earth with a new prospect of happi
ness. So, our joy is all the more
elevated because we know that our
spirits are now lifted out of thut val
ley." The text of President Wilson's
speech at the Guild hall this afternoon
is as follows:
'.Mr. Lord Mayor: We have come
upon times when ceremonies like this
have a new significance which most
impresses me as I stand here. The
address which 1 have just heard is
most generously and graciously con
ceived, and the delightful accent of
sincerity in it seems like a part of
that voice of counsel . which is now
everywhere to be heard. 1 feel that
a distinguished honor has been con
ferred upon me by this reception, and
I beg to assure you, sir. and your
associates, of my very profound ap
preciation, but I know that I am only
part of what I may call a great body
of circumstances.
Welcome Above Personality,
'I do not believe that it was fancy
on my part that 1 heard in the voice
of welcome uttered in the streets of
this great city and in the street of
Paris something more than a personal
welcome. It seemed to me that 1
heard the voice of one people speak
ing to another people and it was a
voice in which one could distinguish
a singular combination of emotions
There was surely there the deep
fighting was
I over. There was the pride that the
fighting had come to such a conclu
sion. There was that sort of grati
tude that the nations engaged had
produced such men as the soldiers of
Great Britain and of United States
and of France and Of Italy men
whose achievements they had wit
nessed with riscg admiration as they
moved from culmination to culmina
tion. Business Yet Unfinished.
"But there was something more in
it, the consciousness that the busi
ness is not yet done, the conscious
ness that it now rests upon others to
see that those lives were not lost in
vain.
"I have not yet been to the actual
battlefield, but 1 have been with many
of the men who fought the battles,
and the other day I had the pleasure
of being in the association of the
French academy when they admitted
Marshal Joffre to their membership.
That steady, serene soldier stood and
Knowledge Breeds Love
"In this case the breaking is sen
sible for a reason that is very prettily
illustrated in a remark attributed ' to
Charles Lamb. One evening in a com
pany of his friends they were discuss
ing a person who was not present
aud Lamb said, iu his hesitating man
ner. 'I h-hate that fellow.'
"Why, Charles,' one of his friends
said. 'I did not know that you knew
him.' Oh,' he said. I. I, I. d-don't. I
c-can't h-hate a man I know.'
"And perhaps that simple and at
tractive remark may furnish a secret
for cordial international relationship.
When we know one another we can't
bate one another.
Expected Bloodless Machine
"I have been very much interested
before coming here to see what sort
of a person I was expected to be. So
far as I can make out. I was expected
to be a perfectly bloodless thinking
machine, whereas I am perfectly
aware that I have in me all the in
surgent elements of the human race.
I am sometimes, by reason of long
Scotch tradition, able to keep these in
stincts in restraint. The stern coven
anter that is behind me sends, many
an echo down the years. It is not only
to pursue business, but also to seek
this sort of comradeship, that I feel
it is a privilege to have come across
the seas and, in the welcome that you
have accorded Mrs. Wilson and me.
the simple words of affection for his
soldiers and the conviction with
which he summed up in a sentence,
which I will not try to accurately
quote, but reproduce in its spirit. It
was that France must always remem
ber that the small aud weak could
never live free in the world unless
the strong and the great always put
their power and their strength in the
service of right.
Seeks Permanent Settlement.
"That is afterthought the thought
that something must be done now,
not only to make the just settlements
that, of course but to see that the
settlements remained and were ob
served and that honor and justice
prevails in the world. And as I have
conversed with the soldiers I have
been more and more aware that they
fought for something that not all of
them had defined, but which all of
them recognized the moment yon
stated it to them. They fought to do
away with an old order and to estab
lish a new one, and Cie center and
characteristic of the old order was
that something stable which we used
to call the "balance of power,' a thing
in which the balance was determined
by the sword which was thrown in
on the one side or the other, a balance
which was determined by the un
stable equilibrium of companionship.
balance which was maintained by
jealous watchfulness and an antagon
ism of interests which, though it was
S.mmt, S 4 lim ..- -,, ,.,,, l.,K-'.' i. ., n.i A
PAY CASH PAY LESS jj
WE ARE
Ci
Out
sin:
Our Stock of DISHES
AT A VERY LIBERAL DISCOUNT
IT MIGHT PAY YOU TO LOOK
OVER OUR ASSORTMENT
generally latent, was always deep
seated, 1
Free Citizens Fought.
"The men who have fought iu this
war have been the men from the free
nations who are determined that that
sort of thing should end now and for
ever. It is very interesting to me to
observe how from every quarter, from
every sort of mind, from every con
cert of counsel there comes the sug
gestion that there must now be not
a balance of power, not one power
ful group of nations set up against
another, but a single overwhelming,
powerful group of nations who shall
be the trustees of the peace of the
world.
Similar Ideal Govern.
"It has been delightful in my con
ferences with the leaders of your gov
ernment to find how our minds moved
along exactly the same line and how
our thought was always that the key
to the peace was the guarantee of the
peace, not the items of it; that the
items would be worthless unless there
stood bacK of them a permanent con
cert of power for t'vir maintenance.
That is the most reassuring thing that
has ever happened iu the world.
When this war began, -the thought of
a league of nations was indulgently
considered as the thought of closeted
students. It was thought of as one
of those things that it was right to
characterize by a name which, as a
universty man, I have always resent
ed. It was said to be academic, as if
that in itself were a condemnation
something that men could think about
but never get. Now we find the prac-i
tical leading minds of the world de
termined to get it.
New Word Era.
' "No such sudden and potent union
of purpose has ever been witnessed
in the world before. Do you wonder,
therefore, gentlemen, that in common
with fhose who represent you I am
eager to get at the business ani write
the sentences down? And that I am
particularly happy that the ground is
cleared and the foundations laid for
we have already accepted the same
body of principles. Those principles
are clearly and definitely stated to
make their application afford no
fundamental difficulty.
"And back of us that imperative
yearning of the world to have all dis
turbing questions quieted, to have all
threats against peace silenced, to
have just men everywhere come to
gether for a common object. The
peoples of the world want peace and
they want It now, not merely by con
quest of arms, but by agreement. of
mind.
Reason for Coming.
"It w-as this incomparably great olv
ject that brought me overseas. It
has never before been deemed excus
able for a presdent bf the United
States to leave the territory of the
United States, but I know that I sup
port the judgment of my colleagues in
the government of the United States,
in saying that it was my paramount
duty to turn away even from the im
perative tasks at home to lend such
counsel and aid as I could to this
great, may I not say final, enterprise
of humanity."
Prime Minister's Dinner.
President Wilsoil concluded a
strenuous day of entertainment with
a dinner at the prime minister's resi
dence tonight, at which were gath
ered the members of the war cabinet
and other government and dominion
officials. .
The dinner was served in the big,
oak paneled dining-room iu which the
president lunched with the premier
yesterday. The table decorations con-',
sisted of poinsettias, chrysanthe-;
mums, lilies of the valley and sprigs!
of holly. Two silver candelabra added
to the soft lights from the large elec-'
trolier suspended over the center of ;
thv table. There were small lights on
the walls, on which bung paintings,
inclu Jing a portrait of Washington,
unveiled
Sir David Beatty. General Sykes, Sir, "You have shown what we must be maze without a clue. Unless there.
Maurice Hankey, W. P. Lloyd, premier : organize, namely that name force and ' were seme supreme evidence. w
of Newfoundland; the Maharajah of j sense of obligation, and unless we or-! would despair of the result of humau
Hikaner. Sir George E. Foster, Sir' ganlze it, the thing that we do now! counsel.
Joseph Cook. J. T. Davies, the pro- will not stand. "So that it is with genuine ympa-
mier's sercetary. and Philip Kerr. i 'i feel that so strongly that it is i thy that I acknowledge the spirit and
! particularly cheering to know just ! thank you for the generosity of your
WILSON RECEIVES DELEGATION how strong and imperative the idea address."
LONDON. Dec. 28 President Wil-1 nas hecome. 1 thank you very muca j '
son, at the American embassy today i Indeed. It has been a privilege tol RECEIVES MANY DELEGATIONS.
received a delepat ion fmm th Ij.nmip ' P you personally.
by the president yesterday.:,,, Nations Union. It was headed hv i "I was just saying to Lord Grey.
Wa Purely Informal. .Viscount Grey, former secretary for t,lat we had entire knowledge of each
The dinner was purely informal. forign affairs, and it included the arch-! other and that I am glatf to identify
Mr llovd renre wa PatPl at one i bislloP ot Canterbury and Viscount ' hlm- 1 'eel as if I had met him long
.Mr. Lloyd George was seated at oneBryce f(mner BHtigh ambagsador to'ago. and I had the pleasure oi" match
end of the table, with Presdent Wil-;,ne i-njted States. The president, in 1 in of minds with Mr. Asquith yes-
addressing the delegation, said: jterday. '
"Gentlemen I am very much com-1
plimenled that you should come in: SPEAKS TO CHURCHMEN
person to present this address, and I LONDON, Dec. 28. President Wil
son, on his right and Sir Robert L.
Borden, the Canadian premier, on his
left. At the opposite end of the table
sat Andrew Bonar Iaw, cnancellor of
the exchequer, with William M.
Hughes, the Australian premier, on
other.
The other guests were: Earl Cur
zon, J. Austen Chamberlain. George
N. Barnes, General Smutz, Baron Fin
lay, Speaker James W. Ixiwther,
James Balfour, Walter Hume, Vis
count Milner, Baron Moutague. Sir
Eric Geddes, Lord William Weir, Win
ston Spencer Churchill. Sir Joseph
Maclay, Earl of Reading. Viscount
Grey, Sir Henry Wilson, Admiral
Wemyss, Field Marshal Haig, Admiral ' moral dictate
LONDON, Dec. 28. The delegation
received by President Wilson today
Included the archbishop of Canter
bury, former Premier Asquith, Lord
Shaw, Sir Willoughby Dickinson, and
others representing the league of na
tion union; Lord Buckmaster and
the bishop of Oxford, representing
the international league of nations;
representative of the English speak
ing union, of the American university
union in Europe, ot tW Atlantic
union, of the British-American fellow
ship society; Lord Gainsford, repre
senting the Friends' league of na
tions committee- I-nrd RntharhtM
lignum miii meinoera oi me govern-, Deautitui address which you have just representing the Zionist movement;
ment which brought this nation into read, and it is very delightful to feel IF. B. Meyer, representing the council
the war because of the moral obliga- the comradeship of spirit which is in-: of free churches and representatives
tions. based upon a treaty, should be dirated by a gathering like this. of the trade3 union council and the
among those who have brought me1 "You are quite right, sir. In saying British labor party,
this paper, because on the other side . that I da recognize the sanction of I The -Royal Institute or Public
of the water we have greatly admired ' religion in these times of perplexity Health has invited the president to
the motives and subscribed to the , with matters so large to settle that no I accept an honorary fellowship in the
princ iples which actuated the govern- msn can feel his mind can compass. ! institute in recognition of his services
mpnt nt flrpof Rritain in nhpvinp that " ! tMnlr nnt .. i jij , .
-'- - " - -.- J --- - ........ wvuiuKuwniT 11 lie UIU IU vromoun? mMlufvl Tr Imnrnva
have been delighted and stimulated to son today received a laree deleeation
find the growing and prevailing inter-; from the national church of the Evan
est in the snhiert of thp I.pn?ii0 nflpMlirnl Praa rhiinha. i aa. t
nnu -I,!- a.,t C.ncnl Ti.l, Iti.tha'.. . 7". . . c v. ..... iu uUir33iii6
Vv.2 ;T..k A,,," " mw : V,.'Aau,,ns:. not onl-v a mowing interest, the delegation the president said:
merely, mil a growing purpose wnicn j Gentlemen I am very much bon
I cm sure wiil prevail and it is de-, ored and might sav. touched, hv thl
' not believe in Providence. It would ' health.
I
THE DRUMBEAT OF OPPORTUNITY
Dozens and Dozens of Beautiful Suits and Dresses
in a Victorious Army of Values to Make
7
ir mm Aiuas m
GAR
MENTS
A SALE THAT STANDS ALONE FOR MASTER FASHIONS, SUPERIOR QUALITIES, GREATER SAVING.
Nothing succeeds like success, they say, and v.e find it an unfailing rule. Therefore, we've planned Monday'
sale with all the enthusiasm in the world we know that former successes bespeak your interest in this event.
To go to the point we have reduced every garment in our high class line of suits and dresses.
$30.00 garments, now $21.95
$32.50' garments, now $22.35
$35.00 garments, now $24.95
$40.00 garments, now $27.95
$45.00 garments, now t $31.95
$49.50 garments, now . $35-95
DEBS QUESTIONS RIGHT
OF NATION'S ACTIONS
Attorney for Socialist Leader -n Apt
peal Asks Reversal of Judgment
Against Hi Client on Grounds of
Unconstitutionality
' (By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON". Dec. 28. The right
of the government in exercising war
powers to. regulate public discussion
and freedom of speech was denied bv
counsel for Eugene V. Debs, in a brief i
filed today with the supreme court,
asking reversal of judgments sentenc
ing Debs to ten years' imprisonment
because of statements made in a
speech in Canton, Ohio, on June 16
last.
Declaring Debs' conviction "rests
squarely upon his seditious temper"
the brief arraigns the courts of the
country on their attitude toward the
espionage act.
'Practically all of the cases since
the adoption of the espionage act. in
dealing wiih the right of free hpoech."
says the brief, "while, giving some
measure of verbal recognition to that
right, have abruptly swept aside any
consideration of such a right in con
flict with the genera! war purposes
of the government. The inference of
j these decisions jntl the obvious theory
i of the amendments to the espionage
act added iu Slay. liUS, is lhat public
discussions can be constitutionally
controlled as an incident of the war
j power. We earnestly submit that such
! interpretation of the right of free
I speech is a carelss sweeping aside of
I the most vital principle of American
freedom not only without allirniative
i ccnst-itutional warrant, but iu the
face of the direct prohibition ot
firM coiirititutictiiil amendment. " .
$29.50 garments, now $19.65 $45.00 garments, now $29.95
$39.75 garments, now $26.45 ; $49.50 garments, now $32.95
: $65.00 garments, now $43.30
SALE BLOUSES, $2.95 (S&S01)
Nc, indeed! The original marking has been radically lowered for Monday's selling Included are crepe de
chine, georgette and wash silks, with large and small collars, as well as the new collarless styles. Some are plain
tailored, others embroidered a good assortment of colors, away less than usual, Monday $2.95
the
u.
PURK FOOD GROCER
Phime 29
S. Food Administration License No. G-i()10U
iT','yy-3crp"','
nil.,., tm I mi '
j RACE TRACK VISITED
BY $200,000 FIREJ
1 NKW o;;l.K.NS. I.H. . Dec 2S Tne
.'.nrl-i cl.ili lui'i . a;.'i p ul ln. U
j a1 ill - t ...r irciiiicls i.i f iin : li-. r -.
j a .1 1 y the Itusiiiess Men's ll.icing
J !!.' iat wcii' ilehtroyeil by lire to
i iav. The- les.i '..is t-Mnii.it'; .: iu:i-'
j 1'iian ?2"u.u'(i. The tile v. .is (! i-mcr-i
ei In tini" to pioii"t ih" stabVs. mid
training iiiailers coiilitining beeral
I hundred horses.
I
I
h
h
4
!
S
' asm
y h?
r
I J, 1
tU ;
Sale of Dresses
$52.50 garments, now $33.95
$57.50 garments, now $41.95
$65.00 garments, now $46.95
$75.00 garments, now $51.95
$75.50 garments, new $53.95
$85.50 garments, now $64.95
Sale of Suits
Sale of Skirts
A splendid collection cf high class plaid and striped woolen skirts the colorings are the very
latest and the styles are up to the minute, $1 5.00 skirts- now $11.50
$20.00 skirts, new $14.00 $27.50 skirts, now $19.40
$25.00 skirts, now $17.50 $30.00 skirts, now $21.00
l3 Off-ALL FURS-y3 Off
The FAIR fur values are well known in Bisbee. We quote only one price and our prices are
always plainly marked and attached to every fur piece. Our prices arc now cut to practically
cost, in accordance with our long-established custom of net carrying stock over from one sea
son to another. Big selection of sets and scarfs, in women's, misses' and children's 3 ess
Sale CHILDREN'S DRESSES-y4 Less
Charming styles in plain serges, plaids and black and white checks; seme with white
cellars and belts- others trimmed with pretty buttons and braids. Ail good styles, sizes
2 to 14 ycais priced $5.50 to $1 5.00, at lers.
Sale of CHILDREN'S COATS-V4 Less
Coats of broadcloth, chinchilla, vclurcs and etc. Models of new cut, that is essen-
girli.;h; scm with fur collars, others with collars of same material; sizes 2 to 15
Priced com $5.50 to $15.00. at , Jess.
I-
j i
J
m -ii. mil in mm hi i iiii THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 29, 1918.
THREE
Young Women Who AccompaniedfRlft DISTRICTS
Convicts On Their Escape
Relate Story of Trip
Last evening's train through Osborn
carried Pete Avenaite and Hugh Bry
an, guards from the state penitentiary
at Florence, who will escort Emniett
McDaniels and Jack "Wunder back to
that institution after a week's episode
and thrilling chase by officers. The
men will be dealt with by Warden
Sims. The Douglas International of
last evening has the following addi
tional details of their capture:
A week ago tonight Grace Karnes of
Scottsdale and Laura Foreman of
Florence, the latter only 17 years old
and the daughter of a rancher, started
from Florence on a joy ride, their com
panions being Emmett McDaniels
and J. C. Wunder, honor men at the
penitentiary, and McDonald's younger
brother, aged 16.
This morntng the two girls were in
a cell In the city jail with various
duda wrapped around them In order
to keep warm as through the bars
they told a reporter the story of the
adventuresome trip which ended at
the boundary line near the quarantine
slaughter house east of the city at 10
o'clock last night. As the auto tried
to dash over the line there, the sentry
on guard fired a dozen shots before
he was able to bring them to a halt.
The girls say their party did not fire.
Then he held them there, the two men
and the boy with their hands up, un
til Lieutenant Skinner and a sergeant.
Immigration Inspector Walter Morris
and Immigration Inspector J. H. New
man arrived. The officers recognized
the escaped prisoners.
When the men said they were from
Bisbee on a joy ride, the officers told
them to accompany them to the cus
toms bouse. The girls laughed about
it, but the men were more serious,
having a pretty good hunch they were
once more ih the hands of the law.
At the customs house, the police sta
;tton was notified, and Night Sergeant
Ross went out and helped to bring the
party to the police station.
Not Much Worried
laughing at what they seemed to
think a joke.
"Pass me up a lead pencil," said
one of the men.
"That's against the rules," replied
the reporter.
"Bring us some hot coffee, then."
"Are-you going to visit us again?"
asked the girls as the newspaper man
started away. "Well, send us the
paper, anyway.
Note is Found
Deputy Sheriff Bowden says that
in the Foreman girl's purse was
found a note which she evidently in
tended to send to Florence from VaTl,
a station near Tucson. It asked a
garage man of Florence to send her
some money as she wanted to go back
there.
Yesterday afternoon the party tried
to pass a bad check at Jack's place,
12 miles this side of Ft. Hua
chuca, where the bought some oil.
Sheriff Welch was notified and he in
turn notified Deputy Sheriff Percy
Bowden, knowing from the descrip
tion that the party was the one the
officers sought. Last night the offi
cers, figuring the party was coming
this way, spread their nets for them.
They watched the home of a sister of
McDaniels' living northeast of the
city and another ranch. The convicts,
however, eluded them, came through
the army camp and then into the
cxty.
Rob House
Finding that Mr. and Mrs. James,
161S E avenue, were not at home, they
stole almost everything in it. Pre
viously they took a 30-30 rifle from a
house on the San Bernardino road.
The loot from the James home includ
ed a 25-30 rifle, which the Barnes
girl this morning described as a "pea
shooter." bedding, clothing, pillows, a
lo( of food, including part of the left
over eats from the Christmas dinner,
some slippers and a lady's manicure
set, also some lard and apples. The
occupants of the house had been ab-
ASSIGNED YANKS ARE
REAL GARDEN SPOTS
NEARLY ALL OF FIVE LEAVE
AREAS ARE WELL KNOWN WA
TERING PLACES WHERE GREAT
HOTELS, BEAUTIFUL CASINOS
AND OTHER BEAUTIES ABOUND
GET TOGETHER
SPIRIT SOUGHT
The Barnes girl, the older of the sent all day.
twain, was still showing signs of in- Half an hour after they came home
difference this morning, and once she they notified the police, the sentry
TOURS, France. Dec. 10. Nearly
all of the five districts in France
which have been designated as "leave
areas" for American soldiers are well
known summer watering places to
which only the wealthy usually resort
ed in peace times.
The great hotels which then were
occupied by tourists from America
and other parts of the world now
shelter the American soldiers who ure
on leave alter a period of service at
the front.
Beautiful casino buildings and other
facilities for attractions which are
connected with these hotels or con
ducted for the benefit of tourists now
have been taken over by the Y. M. C.
A., military bands have been ordered
to all these'leave areas" and enter
tainment programs are given in all of
them. The location of these areas
follow: .
One at Savoy with headquarters at
Aix-les-Bains and including Chabery
and Challes-les-Eaux.. This has been
in full operation since February.
Two Brittany area, including St.
Malo, Parame and Dinard.
Three Auvergne area, including I -a
Bourboule and Mont Dore.
Four Dauphiny area with Grenoble
as headquarters and having the beau
tiful French Alpine watering places of
Triage and Allevard. This is one ol
the areas of France surpassing Switz
erland in beauty.
Five Ardecbe area, with Yals-les-Hains.
ON GOOD ROADS
LONDON DECKED WITH
AMERICAN EMBLEMS
If Successful $21,000,000 to
Be Made Available for Ari
zona Work; State Meeting
Monday
If Naught Other Than Friendship Ex
ists in Hearts of British for This
Country it Belie Universal Display
of Our Flags
began to sing "The End of a Perfect
Day" as the younger talked but the
latter appeared more concerned.
"I have only known Wunder for a
short time," she said. "I used to see
him about town, but did not know he
was a convict. I wanted to get ac
quainted with him so he would take
me to dances. He was a good dVesser
and pretty good looking. So one day
I broke the heel off one of my shoes
and asked him to take it to the peni
tentiary shoe shop to have it fixed.
He never would go to dances with me,
though.
"When Grace came to town she
stayed at the hotel. I got acquainted
with her and she came to my bouse
Saturday afternoon and played cards.
She returned in the evening with Mc
Daniels, whom she had come to
Florence to Visit, and Wunder and
McDaniels' brother, Emniett,' lived in
the penitentiary but was allowed in
town. As the party was leaving in
their Case car, I stood on the porch
talking, awhile. It was so cold that
mamma said I had better go in the
house. I went in and put on a sweat
er. , Then the boys suggested a joy
ride and we all drove away.
First Car Damaged
-. "A few miles from town the car
went into a ditch and was damages.
Emmett went back to Florence and
came back with the state's Jordan
car. He saw another car coming, so
we drove away to avoid it and then
started off again away from town.
We kept warm around a fire on fath
er's ranch that night. We spent the
next night in the home of an old
man. That morning I wrote a note
home and left it in the house in the
hope it would reach mother, saying
we seemed tr be beaded for Nogales
apd put the ctps on the trail. Both
of us tried to walk back to Tucson
but the boys headed us off and made
us go with them. We cried but it
did no good.
."The next night we stayed in a
canyon and the next up in the Hua
cbucas. Night before last we spent
east cf Douglas. The boys did not
tell us their plans, but last night we
supposed they were going to take us
across the line."
From the jail window above the
two convicts listened but could not
hear what the girls said.
."Who you talking to?" they asked,
:"A reporter," answered the girls.
party at the
otnnnorl tho mnnu-DV
boundary line.
Praise for Sentry
Warden Sims of the state peniten
tiary has been notified of the capture,
pfficers are unanimous in their praise
of the manner in which the sentry,
single-handed, stopped a party of
three men with rifles. The sentry
was Private Kdznowski, "B" troop,
Seventeenth cavalry.
Both the girls involved are said to
have been previously married. Offi
vers scout the kidnapping story.
Wunder, alies Frank Warden, is
said to have been convicted of burg
lary from Maricopa county, while Mc
Daniels, who used to live in the moun
tains near San Bernardino, was con
victed of horse stealing.
Koznowsk
ernoon. said this morning
BRITISH VOTERS
GIVE COALITION
THEIR SUPPORT
(Continued from Page One)
(labor member for Allercliffe divison
of Sheffield), Arthur Henderson, the
labor leader; Robert L. Outhwaite
(liberal for Hanley), Frederick W.
Jouwett (labor member for West
Bradford), George Lansbury (former
socialist member for the Bow and
Bron.Iey divison of Tower hamlet)
and Charles P. Trevelyan, former, par
liamentary secretary for education.
Among the surprises of the election
was the defeat of H. H.K Asquith, the
former premier. He is rejected in
company with most of his ablest lieu
tenants, including Sir John Simon,
former home secretary; Reginald Mc
Kenna, former chancellor of the ex-
a. itwaa learned this aft-! -"-'. jium.-i,uBiV toriuer
1 this morning he was not I'id.-nt of the board of trade; Her-
firi nn cn fur I. ho knows hv tn. " ' 1 .-uiuuei, iui nir pus( masier SU-
party. He fired when the driver re-ler1: V'"'? laferma,n. rmer
fused to stop. The guard has instruc -I tJat '''lor of,th Duchy of Lancaster,
elections, though better than the
Asijiiitkianu. They had expected to
elect at least 100 members, whereas,
they have only approximately 75, of
whom ten are coalitionists. Even
this, however, is a much larger repre
sentation than labor had in the old
parliament.
Try Pineapple ,
Pineapple is a
flavor whic h
must b sealed
to kee p. We
seal it in a viaL
We u half a
rip pineapple
to make the
flavor for one
Jiffy-Jell des
sert. So you get
wealth of this
delightful taste.
Jiffy-Jell come ready sweet
ened. The bottle of flavor comes
ia the package. And it cost a
trifle. One package makes instant
dessert for sis.
There are 10 flavors, but try
Pineapple and Loganberry today
Order them now.
t fiiru for 25 Cntlm
A I Ymr Craor
Jiffy-Jv.il Waukeiha, Wisconsin
im
Ilk
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
the line, and the sentry was simply
carrying out his regular instructions.
He did not know the party included
the escaped convicts. When such
persons are stopped, they are genr
ally turned over to F. W. Health, im
migration inspector in charge. In this
case the men being escaped convicts,
the immigration officers turned them
over to the police.
It was reported in Camp Jones this
afternoon that the convicts fired three
shots at another sentry before reach
ing Koznowski. The officer of the
outer guard reported seeing three
flashes of a gun and it was reported
that there were three cartridges miss
ing from one of the rifles found in
the party.
COMMISSION REFUSES
TO ALLOW INCREASE
(Rv Review leased Wire)
LINCOLN. Neb., Dec. 28. The state
railway commission today refused to
grant Lincoln Traction company an
increase in fares on its city lines and
the present five cent fare was order
ed to remain in force until June 30,
1919, when the commission promises
to reconsider its decision. The trac
tion company's application, filed No
vember 10 last, asked for a six cent
fare with an additional charge of one
cent for transfer privileges.
POLAND STANDS
IN NEED OF FOOD
OTHER SUPPLIES
(Continued froir. Page One)
URGES MEDALS FOR
ALL BOARD MEMBERS
(Rt Review I.ajwj Vlre
WASHINGTON, Dec. 28. Legisla
tion authorizing medals for members
of army draft boards and state offi
cials who helped administer the selec
tive service law was urged today by
Secretary Baker in a letter to Chair
man Dent of the house military committee.
WINS NATIONAL TITLE
rrt" P"viiir Isfwl Wlre
NEW YORK. Dec. 28. Vincent
Richards, the 15-year-old tennis star,
with W. T. Tilden. jr., of Philadelphia,
captured the national doubles cham
pionship last summer, won another
national title here today when in the
Junior singles championship, he de-
German armj denuded Poland not
only of foodstuffs but carried off all
horses and the major part of the cat
tle, so that it is impossible to culti
vate the land. In addition, all wool
and cotton were taken and the peo
ple are destitute for clothing, which is
costing at the rate of 1500 marks for
a suit principally of cotton.
The latest official news from Po
land was received by Lieutenant
Hempel 10 days ago, when the coun
try was still standing firmly for the
newly established democracy, despite
the efforts of German and Russian
bolshevists to win adherents and
threats made by hostile forces along
the polish frontier.
"I assure you that all that has been
said about the Polish army massacre
ing Jews is false," Lieutenant Hempel
declared.
"The Ukranians, when withdrawing
from Lemberg, massacred 200 Jews
and also 3000 Poles. As 49 out of 60
shops in our villages are kept by
Jews, it was natural they would be
the victims of the retiring Ukrainians.
But the Poles had nothing to do with
it."
PHOENIX. Ariz.. Dec. 2S. Relative
to the state meeting of the good roads
committee, called for Mondav in Phoe
nix, it is learned that probably the
principal business brought up will be
that of enactment of the Page road
bill by congress.
Incidental to benefit by Arizona
from this bill, it will be necessary to
work out some plan of co-operation in
the forthcoming legislature which will
enable the putting aside of politics
and personal prejudices. Formulation
of such a plan and organization to
the end of work with individual mem
bers of the legislature that will "bring
them and the governor together in
tun accora with regard to this one
issue at least, will be an all Important
part of the Monday soBsion.
The enactment of the Page road
bill by congress will mean an appor
tionment from the federal government
to Arizona for permanent road im
provements of approximately J9.-
200,000 to be expended during a period
of five years. To meet this appropria
tion the state of Arizona will be called
upon to expend $12,000,000 during the
same period.
The expenditure of $21,000,000 with
in a period of five years for perma
nent state highways in Arizona would
mean a real accomplishment in the
matter of good road and the proper
direction of a work of this magnitude
is expected to become one of the
principal matters for solution by the
legislature. With a republican oc
cupying the governor's chair and both
branches of the legislature, demo
cratic the decision for the proper di
rection of this great work is not ex
pected to be an easy one.
The question of. a state highway
commission has been under discus
sion since Arizona achieved statehood
and with the prospect for real perma
nent road work on a large scale at
hand it is now being agitated that a
non-partisan commission will be pro
posed and an effort made to remove
highway construction from politics.
Governor Campbell, when he as
sumes office, will appoint an engi
neer to succeed B. M. Atwood as state
engineer. It is recognized that what
ever plan may be adopted by the leg
islature will have to provide for the
governor's appointee as state engineer
tn order to secure the approval of the
governor.
Various plans for the organization
of such a commission have been dis
cussed, and it is known that several
members of the legislature are giving
the matter consideration. However,
the plan for the personnel of the
commission is considered of minor im
portance, so long as it provides
proper governing body and a proper
method of selecting the memoershlp
The question of providing the funds
is one that is expected to cause a
difference of opinion. In order to
raise such a sum it is stated that
it will practically mean doubling the
present road fund levy and an' In
crease in automobile license taxes.
It is expected that Governor Camp
bell will have some recommendations
to make in this respect in his first
message to the legislature. What
these recommendations are will not
be known until they go to the legis
lature, but will probably serve as
guide in the deliberations and action
of that body.
Wheat flour, per hhl. hag
(24 lbs.) hard
Barley flour, per bbl. bag
24 lbs.)
Parley flour tbulk). per lb
Rye flour, per bbl. bag (24 lbs.)..
Corn flour (bulk), per 11
f'ornnu-ai (bulk), per lb
Bread (price per loaf), 16 cz.. local..
coronation or roval jubi-1 . " ; "f .' V" : V,
such' a marvel of clotb. j a raea or r0 ed oat9 (bu,'c- Pf
udtuifui or ruueu ouis iput'KUge;,
per 20 oz. pkg
Rice, unbroken, standard quality.
BELGIANS AND
FRENCH UNDERFED
BUT NOT STARVED
(Continued from Pa ire One)
SLACKER MARRIAGES
ROUSE WRATH OF JURIST
(By Review Leased Wlrel
CHICAGO. Dec. 28. The "slacker
marriages" performed by thousands
in the early days of selective service
law are "beginning to bear fruit in
the form of deserted wives and chil
dren," according to Judge William N.
Gemmell of the court of domestic rela
tions. The judge, disgusted by the
many tales of woe related by war
brides who have haled slacker hus
bands into court, announced today
that he would see that as many as pos
sible of the culprits are sent to Jail.
"When the selective service act came
these fellows hurried to get a mar
riage license and then pleaded that
they had dependent wives. Now they
feated F. T. Anderson, of Commercial are showing their real caliber by de
high school. Brooklyn, 4 6, 10 8. 1 serting the women who kept them out
75. 57. 64.
Anderson and II. B. Kaltenbach. jr.,
of Princeton, in the doubles cham
pionship, beat Richards and Harold L.
Taylor of the Brooklyn Preparatory
school, :s 6, 4-fi. 3, 64. 75.
of war." Judge Gemmell said that
the increase in complaints against
slacker husbands had been alarming.
In December, 1917, there were 34 such
warrants. Thus far in December. 1918,
there have been 196
food in Belgium, the prices preclude
the purchase except by the wealthy
Meat, according to the report, is 2
a pound, eggs $1 each, and butter $2.50
a pound. These prices are in con
trast with an average Income for more
than one-half the population of less
than $4 a week per family. The food
administration established by the Bel
dian government, the reports added, is
taking care of this situation a rapid
ly as possible.
Saved by America
"An examination of the populatlon.i
Mr. Hoover said, "proves that thd
shipments of food by the commission
for relief in Belgium during the past
four years have brought this people
through their ordeal without irrepar
able damage to the national health.
There exists among certain classes
under-nourishment hut continued sup
plies of fond will rapidly rectify this.
There ha been a considerable spread
of tuberculosis as a result of this un
dernutrition, hut the Belgian authori
ties believe that this can be stamped
out without great loss provided ade
quate supplies of food will arrive.
Children' Condition Cheering
"The most cheering factor in the sit
uation is the condition of the two mil
lion Belgian children who have been
the object of the utmost solicitude of
the whole world during the four years
of occupation.
"Prior to the German evacuation."
Mr. Hoover said, "approximately
3.500.000 people were destitute and de
pendent. Through the energy of the
people in getting back to work this
number had been reduced to 2.000.000
and within a month it was expected
to be decreased to not more than
1.O00.000.
Survey Not Complete
"Mv survey of the rest of Europe,
the Balkan states and Polaud, ' .Mr
LONDON, Dec. 14. (Correspond
ence of the Associated Press.) if
there is not friendly feeling toward
the United States in England the flags
of London speak untruthfully. There
are millions of flags. Where ail of
them come from is a mystery. They
simply appeared from everywhere :nid
nowhere, like a barrage of color cj
the day when the armistice was
signed. No
lee has seen
Hardly a house, however small and
humble, in the whole more than 20
mile radius of the largest city in the
world was without its decorations.
And the Stars and Stripes were more
conspicuous than any Hag except' the '
Union Jack.
Wherever two flags hung together
the American emblem was one of
them. The French flag ranked next,
but only a respectable third. Walking
through the streets the American col
ors saluted the eye everywhere. Big
ones, large enough to hide an ordinary
house, hung in front of hotels, depart
ment stores and factories. Very many
people, of the hundreds of thousands
who tied flags to their hats and coats
and umbrellas, even to their dogs.
sported the Stars and Stripes. They
were particularly popular with the
girls, but workmen, old ladies, and
British soldiers wore them. This
seems to spell appreciation.
Some . of the sadder newspapers
which specialize in deploring mourned
bitterly over the armistice celebration
in Trafalgar Square on November 12.
Property was destroyed." This was
the burden of the plaint, it was true.
Revellers, chiefly Australian and
Canadian soldiers, with a sprinkling
of British and a few American accom
plices, built a bonfire. They used
whatever' came to hand. Huge sign
boards around the Nelson monument
appealing to citizens to buy war bonds
were the first to feed the flames.
Then a wooden hut, the property of
the Y. M. C. A. was dragged to the
Pi're. Next came half. a dozen Ger
man cannon, camouflaged with green,
purple and yellow, rushed up with
shoutings from St. James park close
at hand. '
There were manv policemen about
but they were helpless. The soldiers
picked them up and thrust them off
the scene. Then the fire engines came!
out and turned streams on the blaze.
The Australians turned the hose on
the astonished firemen and swept
them off their feet with their own ammunition.
What You Should Pay
In Local Market for Food
Price Interpreting Board' Report on Fair Price in Bisbee, Lowell, Warren
and Naco for Week Ending January 4, 1919.
Commodity:
Sugar, granulated (bulk), per lb.
Beans (pink), per lb '
Beans (navy), per lb
Beans (lima), per lb
Potatoes (white or Irish), per lb. ..
Onions, per lb
Raisins (seeded), per 16-oz. pkg.
Prunes (60-70's), per lb
Cannet tomatoes (standard grade),
(No. 2, can)
Canned corn (standard grade), per
20-oz. (No. 2) tan
Canned peas (standard grade), per
20-oz. (No. 2) can
Canned salmon (tall pink Alaska)
per 16-oz. No. 1) can
Canned salmon (tall red Alaska), per
16-oz. (No. 1) can
Evaporated milk (unsweetened),
per 6-oz. can
Evaporated milk (unsweetened).
per 16-ox. can
Butter, per lb
Eggs (fresh ranch), per doz
Cheese (New York or local), per lb.
Lard (pure leaf), bulk, per lb.
Lard (pure leaf in tins), per 3-lb.
pail
Lard (pure leaf in tins), per 5 lb.
pail
Bacon, standard grade, per lb.,
whole piece
Bacon (sliced , (fancy grade.)
per lb
Ham (smoked, sliced), fancy grade,
per lb ..
Round steak, per lb
Hens (dressed, not drawn), per lb
Fish, per lb
April Storage Eggs, Kansas .'
SAM V ERR AN, P. M.
J. B. AN'GIl'S. JOHN
E. C. CAMPBELL,
Retailer Pays Consumer Should Pay
Low Hlgii Low High
Price Price Price Price
.$1.4(1 J1.4S Jl.r.O $1X7
. 1.32 1.38 1.40 1.42'i
. .o:.i .cr.4 .o.'.vj
. i.::o i.2o " i.::o " 1.4-1
. .o.".',i .or,w. .o.v
-0" .Oil .0.:l4 XT'-j
. .08 1-3 .OS 1-3 ,H n
- .12 -I2li .15 .1..
.06 3-5 .06'i .10 .1)
- .11 .ll'-i .14 .15
- 10 .10 12 .12
- -14 .14 .18 .20
- 10 .10i .11 .11
. .os .os1; .11 .li
. .10 .lO-V .14 .13
. .14; .14 .18 L'O
. .02 9 10 .03 1-10 .03'; .04 16
. .02 .03 .03 .04
. .104 .11 .13 .16
. .103 .if) .14 j5
. 14 .16 .13 .20
.13 .14 .13 .17
. .13 . .14 .16 .17
. .13 .14 .17 .17
. .23 .23 .30 .23
. .07 .07. .07 OS 1-3
.13 .16 .15 .17
-66 .72 .72 .79
. .77 .89 .84 .97
.36 .44 .40 .49
- .3S .34 33 .37
.SO .S3 .93 .93
1.34 1.49 1.55 1.63
.26 .27 .29 .33
.50 '.33 .52 .53
.56 .56 .68 .68
.37 .39 .50 .53
.22 .26 .25 .30
.33 .34 .38 .39
.18 .18 .25 .23
.47 .49 .55 .57
PUCKWALTER.
RUSSELL. ED
R. J. HART.
CLOUTHIER.
Price Interpreting Board.
Hoover said, "is not complete but suf
ficient evidence is at hand to show
that before neirt. harvest, relief of an
unprecedented character must be ex
tended if the remaining population is
to be maintained in any semblance of
health."
PRESIDENTS
ACCORD WITH
LLOYD GEORGE
(Continued from Page One)
mism has taken the place of the pes
simism which had prevailed in some
quarters. This is due to private ad
vices from London showing that the
political exchanges now going on
there have been equally as satisfac
tory as the public demonstrations.
One of the primary questions con
sidered in these exchanges has been
the convening of the conference at
as early a date as possible. The
American delegation has been quite
insistant that it shall begin not later
than January 9. The exchanges to
day indicated an agreement for the
assembling of the congress between
January 9 and 14.
Even the latter date would be ac
ceptable to the Americans, it is an
nounced, as assuring a reasonably
early opening of the discussions.
The pessimism previously existing
in some quarters was due to the vari
ous view held on the "14 points,"
but the president's statement that the
allied leaders agree with him in the
principles therein laid down has large
ly removed the first impression.
The president's statement is echoed
in all responsible quarters here, Pre
mier Clemenceau also joining in the
declaration that the conferences he
has had show an entire agreement on
tl principles.
A meeting was held in Col. Edward
M. House's residence tonight of all
the American interests, including
food, shipping, the army, navy, treas-1
ury and war board. Thus far Terbert j
C. Hoover, Edward N. Hurley, and the
other heads of the various branches.
have proceeded independently, but i
the meeting tonight foreshadows a
united commission. 1
BLISS TICKETS
ISSUED PAST WEEK
Evidently the spirit of Christmas
spurred Dan Cupid to action during
the past week, for during that time
an even two dozen bliss tickets were
issued out of the office of Clerk J. E.
James of the superior court, being
double the number issued during any
week since the influenza epidemic
struck the state. The following were
those issued: Joe E. Sutherland,
Douglas, to wed Marie Browning, Chi
cago; Emery Harris, Ft. Huachuca, to
wed Lelie Elizabeth Haynes, Douglas;
Angel A. Martinez, Globe, to wed Gua
dalupe Salceda, Cananea; Estanistas
Peralta to wed Felipa Felix, Douglas;
Wm. Blackburn to wed Manuelita Val-1
dez, Bisbee; John F. McGowan to wed ,
Eleanor Shannon, Douglas; Solomon!
Jackson to wed Alice Hefert, Douglas;
Frank Collier Schell to wed Mary J
Adell Booth, Douglas; Ramon P. Zazu-,
eta to wed Francisca Cruz, Tomb-,
stone; Jesus Gil to wed Salud Eran-
des, Douglas; Clarence Edward 'lut-j
wizler, Bisbee. to wed Marie Anna
Heinze. Los Angeles; John H. Enrie i
to wed Clara Brown, Douglas; Chas.
L. Galloway to wed Nellie B. Coun
sil, Douglas; Mauro Castro to wed
Amelia Bonorand, Naco; Josiah j.
Robertson to wed Minnie Ruchman,
Douglas; Rafael de Arila to wed M.
de Jesus Sanchez. Douglas; Lobara C.
Salenzuela to wed Amoca M. Perez,
Douglas; Ralph H. Foster to wed
Florence M. Sullivan, Douglas; Chas.
W. Abernathy, Lowell, to wed Edna
Vancille Lyth, Hereford; Henry Zwer
schke to wed Mollnda J. Warren, Bis
bee; Louis Schnarr, Lowell, to wed
Minerva E. O'Donnell, Bisbee; Jose G.
Hernandez to wed Rosina G. Crijeda,
Johnson; Grover C. Reed to wed Alms
A. Amsden, Paradise; Jesse B. Ellia
to wed Lillian Irene Durham, Douglas.
AVUTORS TRANSFERRED.
MATHER FIELD. Sacramento, Cal..
Dec. 2S. After the holidays all cadets
and student officers at Mather field
will be transferred to March field,
neap Riverside, Cal.
MILK ANALYSIS FOR
WEEK ENDING DEC. 28
The analysis of milk for the week
ending December 2S, as reported by
Dr. R, B. Durfee. city and county
bacteriologist, follows:
! v- ' if; -
rilme.J. Rea Keys
Next door to Lowell waiting room.
Lowell, Ariz. Clarivoyant and crystal
reader. Dead trance spirit medium,
born with a double veil, without ask
ing questions gives you dates, facts
and figures, and, will read your entire
life. Hours 10 a. m. to 9 p. m. Phone
C2. Home Phone 559.
Annual
Dance
Fraternal Order of Eagles' New
Year' Eve Dance. Dance the Old
Year Out and New Year In.
Dancing 8:30 p. m.
LONG'S ORCHESTRA-
Per Ct. Per Ct.
Fat. Water.
F. Guerrero 4 6 86.75
W. S. Hayes 4.2 87.53
A. M. Collins 4.7 87.16
J. Conley A 3.8 86.44
J. Conley B 3.2 88.38
Busy Bee Fruit Mkt. . 3.6 87.40
Bisbee Creamery .... 41 86.93
Standard 3 89.60 ,
A. Karam 3 88.17 !
San Jose 4.3 87.39 !
ft. B. DURFEE.
K. of C.
DANCE
The Knight of Columbu will give
a Dance on Thursday evening, Jan
uary 2, at 8:30 p. m., at K. of C.
Hall. Everybody invited. Music by
LONG'S ORCHESTRA
ATTENTION!
SOLDIERS AND SAILOR
BOYS
Now is the time when you
are coming home. Let us
dress you up. The appear
once of a man is gauged by
his clothes.
We know how to make
them look right.
Style, Fit and Fabrics are
guaranteed or your money
back.
FRUITMAN'S
FASHION SHOP
Tailor for Men and Women
Phone 74 Main Street
Opposite Wells Fargo FOUR
THE B1SBEE DAILY REVIEW. SUNDAY, DECEMBER 29, 1918.
(LUv iSxsbct Daily iRruiiu
PUBLISHED EVERY DAY EXCEPT MONDAY BY' THE
STATE CONSOLIDATED PUBLISHING COMPANY
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
The Associated Press is exclusively entitled to the
use for re-publication of all news dispatches credited to
it or not otherwise credited to this paper, and also, the
local news published therein
All rights of re-publication of special dispatches here
in are also reserved.
Entered as Second Class Mail Matter at Bisbee, Arizona,
Under Act of March 8, 1879.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES, PAYABLE IN ADVANCE
PER MONTH $ -76
THREE MONTHS
SIX MONTHS
TWELVE MONTHS
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per year
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per quarter
No Subscription Talon for Less Than 75 Cents
2.26
4.00
7.60
2.50
.76
WHY THE WAR IS NOT YET OVER
(Manufacturers Record.)
Hasn't Editor Edmonds of the Manufac
turer's Record heard that the war is over?
(Tampa Tribune.)
No, the Manufacturer's Record has not
yet heard that the war is over, nor has any
one else who knows the situation. A tem
porary armistice has been signed, but with
in the last few days a dispatch has come
from Germany in the course of which is
said :
There is a certain feeling here that peace
is not yet assured and that Germany may
be forced to renew the fight. Such feeling
can be removed only by preliminary peace.
Until it shall be removed it will be impos
sible to change the munition factories back
to normal uses.
Commander Foch does not think that
the war is yet over, because,, so reports
say, he has given Germany an ultimatum
in regard to the possibility of further in
vasion unless the terms of the armistice
are complied with, and the United States
government announces that it proposes to
keep 1 ,250,000 veteran American soldiers
in Europe.
The war is not yet over, because the '
propaganda of the present German govern
ment is being carried on as vigorously and
in some respects more viciously than even
before we went into the war. If the secret
service would reveal the facts in regard to
the wireless messages which it is now catch
ing, in which Germany is fomenting dis
cord in this country, planning for riots and
seeking to create disturbances with other
countries, this nation would be amazed and
startled. We regret that the secret service
does not feel justified in making all the
facts known.
The war is not yet over, because the
difficulties between Peru and Chile, which
might involve other countries in South
America, are being fomented by Germany
for the express purpose of embarrassing the
United States.
The war is not yet over, because the Ger
man propaganda in Mexico is vigorous and
aggressive in seeking to create hostility to
this country.
The war is not yet over, becaufe the
present German government is merely a
camouflage to hide the real intention of the
German people; for the men who have
controlled Germany have not as yet the
slightest thought of losing that control.
Temporarily, Germany has lost, but a man
of intelligence, who has the opportunity of
knowing the inside of the situation can
look forward to nothing but serious dang
ers throughout the world as a result of the
persistent, continuous German propa
ganda, which is aggressive, vicious, devil
ish and almost as universal in its scope as
the activities of the devil himself.
PERSHING ON HIS WEST POINT DAYS
(World's Work forleceinber.)
"The proudest days of my life, with one
exception, have come to me in connection
with West Point days that stood out clear
and distinct from all others. The first of
these was the day when I won my appoint
ment at Trenton, Mo., in a competitive ex
amination with seventeen competitors. An
old friend of the family happened to be in
Trenton that day and, passing on the op
posite side of the street, called to me and
said, 'John, I hear you passed with flying
colors. In all seriousness, feeling the great
importance of my success, I naively replied
in loud voice, 'Yes, I did,' feeling assured
that no one had ever quite passed such a
fine examination as I had. The next red
letter day was when I was elected presi
dent of the class of '86. I didn't know
much about class presidents until the even?
ing of our meeting to effect a class organi
zation. To realize that a body of men, for
whom I had such an affectionate regard,
should honor me in this way. was about
all by equilibrium would stand. Another
important day was when I made a cold max
in Phil at June examination, under old
Pete, with Arthur Murray as instructor.
This was the only max I ever made in any
thing. I fairly floated out of the library
and back to. barracks. The climax of days
came when the makes were read out on
graduation day In June, 1 885. Little Eddy
Gayle smiled when I reported five minutes
later with a pair of captain's chevrons pin
ned on my sleeves. No honor can ever
come to equal that: I look upon it in the
very same light as I did then. Some way
these days stand out and the recollection of
them has always been to me a great spur
and stimulus."
Extract from a letter written by Gen
eral Pershing, in 1911, and read at the cla.cs
reunion commemorating the twenty-fifth
anniversary of graduation.
OUR CRIPPLED SOLDIERS
(New-York World.)
As incoming ships discharge in increas
ing numbers their cargoes of wounded men
we are made to realize more vividly how
grievously the nations of Europe have suf
fered in more than four years of war. The
sight of young fellows in uniform who
have been crippled for life, who have lost
arms or legs, cannot fail to arouse sympa
thy wherever they go. They will not lack
for the best medical care and kindly atten
tion. The government will look after their
present needs and keep watch over them in
hospitals until they reach the maximum of
recovery. So far as these thousands of sol
diers can be restored to sound condition it
will be done.
But the day must come when most of
these men will return to their homes and
seek opportunities to earn their living, as
in the days before the war. Very many
of them will never be able to begin where
they left off or to resume their old occu
pations. They must start over again as best
they may be able, for men of their honor
able records will not be content to be other
than self-supporting. Allowances and an
nuities, graded acording to their injuries,
could never make up to them loss of pride
or self-respect.
It will be the right of all these wounded
men to work, wherever they are able, and
conquer the disabilities they have incurred
in the service of their country. In a special
sense they will be entitled not merely to
generous words and thoughts bestowed
upon them today, but to places where they
can command wages and salaries like their
old associates. The barest recognition of
what they have done for others who stayed
behind should win- for them more than
equality in seeking employment, and assure
them, after the excitement of wartime is
over, in the hearts of a grateful people un
failing admiration.
Two years ago there were hundreds of
thousands of young men in the United
States who had never handled a gun. The
nation had pretty generally forgotten how
to shoot, and the effort of a few to establish
gun clubs and introduce rifle shooting as
a clean sport, met with little encourage
ment. This condition has now been
ehanged: the typical young American
knows so well how to handle a gun that it
seems almost inevitable that rifle shooting
will be added to the list of popular sports.
And if a name is needed to symbolize the
sport, it will perhaps be possible to deal
with the subject more appropriately than
is the case in Switzerland, where the patron
of rifle shooting is William Tell, who did
his shooting with bow and arrow. History
provides Daniel Boone and Davy Crockett',
and literature offers Natty Bumpo, other
wise "Leatherstocking."
' Obstacles of various kinds in the field of
aviation have been overcome during the
war, and few difficulties now lie in the path
of the development of one of the most
modern means of transportation. A flight
of about 4000 miles, from Cairo to Cal
cutta, has just been completed, a still long
er trip from England to India is in progress,
and yet another across the Atlantic is in
contemplation. It seems as if only a short
time must elapse before heavier-than-air
machines will be able to fly around the
world.
Those incomprehensible Germans are
still paying the salaries of such royal per
sonages as have not jumped the country.
Is it because they expect to restore those
worthies to power, or because they're fat
tening them for slaughter?
Art works all over Europe are coming
out of hiding. But the owners and custo
dians had better have a care. The Hohen
zollerns are not hanged yet.
HONORS GIVEN TO
NUMBER OF MEN
FROM THIS STATE
MANY GRANTED RECOGNITION
OF GALLANTRY ON FIELD OF
BATTLE IN FRANCE AND BEL
GIUM; COCHISE COUNTY REPRESENTED
PHOENIX, Ariz.. Dec. 28. Arizona
men in various military branches in
France are being rewarded for valiant
service in the field.
In private letters there has come
news that John C. Greenway, who left
his job of manager of the Calumet &
Arizona mines at Risbee to be a ma
jor of engineers and who later was
promoted to lieutenant colonel of in
fantry through bravery in the field,
again has been raised in rank and now
is a full colonel, follo'.v ing the fighting
in the Argonne forest, where he was
badly gassed while leading a regi
ment. He started his military career
as a lieutenant of the rough riders
In Cuba, soon after leaving college.
There has been supplemental intima
tion that Greenway is to be awarded
the French war cross.
Succeeds After Rejection
In another line has been the ad
vancement from captain to lieutenant
colonel of E. Power Conway, of Phoe
nix, who joined the engineers after he
had been rejected at the infantry of
ficer's training camp in San Fran
cisco on physical grounds. He now
is acting manager of roads in France,
with the general staff of the American
army. He is especially well fitted for
such a post, having for several years
bueu southwestern manager for the
Barber Paving company and the War
ren Brothers Bithulithic corporation.
He had no previous military experi-euce.
Cited in Orders
Capt. York Coleman, of Tucson, who
left Camp Kearny with the ISSth in
fantry, has been cited in French or
lers for participation with French
forces while in command of a bat
talion of the 372nd infantry in the
Champagne sector. The battalion In
three days was reduced from 29 offi- j
cers and 7!0 men to three oiifcers and
320 men.
Luke's Memory Honored
After his death in action, there was
official recognition of the "extraorai
nary heroism" of second Lieut. Frank
Luke, jr., of Phoenix, "who, near St.
Mihiel, by skill, determination and
bravery and in the face of heavy en
emy fire, successfully destroyed tight
enemy observation balloons in four
days." It is understood lie also was
given a raise in rank just before hi:;
death, which was in attacking an en
emy airplane post far back of the
lines.
First Lt. Reed M. Chambers, of Fort
Huachuca, also has been given the dis
tinguished service medal, with two
WIIAT ARE THE WILD WAVES SAYING?
- Y UJ ( tint it eis ex ) frf
. in fim A Emm
l -vvs i-y-s-V1-? J- --F ;--:- .., sap's.
State and County News Briefs
County News
; ia Texas. Mr. McDonaid was well i in the ear of a small shoe shop, on
i known throughout Iie county and ed by Jack Lawrence at 12 Wall
,' street. The blaze, said to have origi-
teld in hisli esteem by all.
Leo Hicks was arresicd yesterday;
afternoon in Kucker canyon, on a
charge of burglary by Constable
Hud Kelly. i
About the State
! nated in the bed clothing, is belived
to have been caused by a lighted
cigarette which one of the occupant
i was probably smoking when he drop
i ped off to sleep.
. , ,1 Phoenix: Wilson Van Iusen of the
Mrs. (,. H Rim of D0Kg-.as tepufy Ak,a Tire tompanv of thls t.ilv was
with pneumonia, is rapidly recover-
bronze oak leaves, for his heroism in ing an J yesterday was taken from
Phoenix: Word was received in
I'hoenii of the arrest in Loa Angees
of Arthur X. Hostrom, former cashier
three aerial attacks, in one of which
with a single accompanying machine,
iie fought six enemy machines, de
stroyed one and forced the others to
descend. In another combat he shot
down a machine and rescued an Amer
ican flyer who had been attacked by
four enemy planes.
Many Get Crosses
The French croix de Guerre has
been given Lt. Eugene T. Green, ol
Ray, who had been very successful as
pilot of one of the larse bombing
planes that had been taking frightful
ness into German territory.
The l elgian war cross was given
three Arizona men, Capt. Paul Fer
rar, or Tucson; Lt. Paul Brock way,
of Phoenix, and Lt. Lewis Dougias, of
Douglas, for gallantry at the battle of
Audenaide. The same distinction
was conferred upon 150 other mem
bers of the American 91st division,
which was operating with the Bel
gian forces.
First Lt. Charles Z. Les( her, a form
er university of Arizona student, has
been cited "for conspicuous ability
and bravery" in advancing a platoon
of marines at Chateau Thierry in a
successful attack upon ' enemy ma
Ciiine gun nests, sustaining serious
wounds.
Columbus Whipple of Show Low, ha;
been given ithe distinguished serv-,
ice medal for crossing a stream un
der firo and rescuing a drowning com
rade. Ward Youns, of Phoenix, alst annual rhariiy
has been given the croix de guerre eve. anil, alt hoi
for a gallant attack that gave the ma
jor cf his battalion the cross of the le
gion of honor.
taken into custody yesterday morning
bv Sneci i! Of ficer Bledsoe of the fed-
.., .1 .i ri i,., m'stinn tt an s l'ccu.l i of the Pacific Gas tt Electric ramrai v.
l,h,e 4.'a,"?,,ot hospitf1 h,er lu,me' ; shor.'aBo in war savings stanins whi.-h here he has been taken in custody
SJO Twelfth street, in Douglas. j artf 8ai(, (u have be(.n colIlwilu.d to : by deputy-sheriffs on a warrant char-
I his (.hare as one of the workers in 1 '? embezzlement. When arrested he
Mrs. W. I). Queen, wife of the Doug
las yardmaster. has been awarded the
first prize for the best house by the t
inspection committee of the K. P. & '
the reetnt campaign to
county up to its quota.
brina this declined to make a statement.
Bostrom
Arthur
ioi tne lacnic uas tiectric torn-
r.,t....,...; , n0 ., -rhroo'panv in this citv for four rears. 4iud-
S. W. This is an annual prize, given ' . n .,,',, ,. ,h : i,eared on October 22 and an examina
tion or nis accounts developed tne tact
that he was short to the extent, at
least, of llltiH). it was stated. A war
rant charcine embezzlement was at
U. C. iuave Kfiay reinrneu to :
... .1.- ii .;,..:...!
. lue """ couii-mj -jGunn-Tliompson interests, through the
mterest in the appearance of the com- Ma(?mil Col,p(ir t.ompany of superior,
panj property. at fln ,1U(er;)tooa prjce cf J70i.i'tn.
The proH-rty has lieen under inspec-
"rU ,U It inn rll, r,t It h J j lr Koil.
Douglas yesterday from California j p(. ;r ore fair commt.rciai
wnere ne nas oeen lor me imsi
months. Mrs. Rcidy and-the iiildren
s ot coppei
raile ami much more ore that will
will return in a few weeks. Mr. Reidy
had lived in Douglas for the past six
teen years and went to California
thinking to make his home there if
he found a suitable place, but lie ex
pressed himself as entirely atisfied
with Arizona and his home is here
from novv on.
' profitably repay the expenses of con-
I tentration. It is well developed.
once issued.
Tucson: Dick Brady has purchased
the interests of the Solomon brother
cattle growers, in the vicinity of the
Interocean ranch, north of the Cata-
Phoenix: At airtight vacancy or- lina mountains, including their cattle
dinance has bet n passed by tile Phoe- and ranae. This is an important ac
nix city coiiiinisison. All lieggars and j ijuisilion to Mr. Brady's holdings. The"
all persons remaining in the city ten Solomons will engage in cattle trad
days or longer without employment or ing in and out of Mexico. Mr. Brady
visible means of support are classified t has the largest holdings of any cattle-
; as vagrants. locations ot the orut
nance is made a misdemeanor punih-
Chaplain Longbrake again finds it
Iiect-hhttl IU inane ail auiui ii ; . , . . . j-,..,
azines for the boys at Camp Harry '-v . "ot. to x el Uw or
J. Jones and will greatly appreciate b' "M.risonment m the city Ja.1 not
bav ing the people of Cochise county 'cu das- or botfc'
hi
Phoenix: Arizona Egyptian cotton
man in the Oracle coumrj- He has
been adding to his range lor the pat
30 years. The Three C is the home
ranch, located at a perpetual spring.
Phoenix: A final settlement haa
been mide in the Angus McKar e.
STATE BOARD REGENTS
IN SESSION AT TUCSON
The board of regents of the state
universty at Tucson is holding its final
meeting at the institution this Satur
day. Gov. G. W. P. Hunt and party
are here, having arrived the previous
evening. .The principal, matter under
discussion is the budget for the suc
ceeding two years of 1919-21, which
will be presented to the biennial ses
sion of the legislature. President von
KleiuSmid has prepared his estimates
for maintenance and extensions and i
they are being considered by the
board. "The timo is favorable for ex
pansion of the institution." said Dr. I
von KleinSmid prior to the meeting. I
"The attendance has reached the max-1
iuium capacity of the dormitory ac-1
commodations mid some progress in 1
this direction must be made. It is ap- .
come to ins assistance in securms
.i. . i. ll,A.atn.u All m.r.
I lie iiiiii it iiriuiru iininiuii. e ). . , . ...,. ... i t.. .. . n . .
, . ., h 1 is 10 i nuuuieu nereauer nj uie same i taie. accornin to ueorge mray ttui-
7?X Zr ! -te, n af ncies that handled Arizona j lard. who returned fron! Cho y
el- l- iii longbrake ' wooi. and by much the same pro- terday. where he represented Mrs. Mc-
ip d ' : c esses. Tiie cotton will come at a time Kay at the conference held a few days
Th' Douglas Elks will tcoid tlicir!n,n is ill:itlive l'an Re at-'aso. Humor had placed the amount at
ball on New Year's ' i u - 4 SJIUV tariuus sums, uui ii was iteQ imi
h rranKeinenls lor f,"t't's
K- r..,...iK- u ,. h..i?l.n it 1 ol 1" '
lie as brilliant and enjoyable as those
i . . nM. l.-n..L. ..lui. . ill ; IS
OI IMC 1'ilM. l.ltr i i" ... i
fittinslv di'ccrated for the occasion.
Advances will be madu , authentically
d in the
'eastern waiehouses, tiiis to a degree.
expected to ln-lp in the local fin-
i ancial stringency. A na.t Uuzen car-
i i . .- i t.. .. ;o i... . i.;.......i
and the dancers will be able to watch i ""'s ""I'"-'
the old year out and the new one in ' al 01-lt
to the strains of rich, soft music. "
Tickets mill be $15') each and the IWoit: t he city el. cl.oti m i res
public is rordially asked to attend. -" along strictly
H party Imes. At the primaries the
Manuel Mazon .art arrested . near , d-m.-rats lioaiisiatetl for mayor Mor-, new year
the Copper Queen smelter yesterday ' -" ""V V , ,
by the local imiiiic.ratioii oi-;!"- "
arraigned before Ctiited i several uni. s in tne aoama -ii.a-
Beuiuler on a i ture. t tie repumicaiis lor tne raaic
the line onice nave uominaieu .v. iuiin, a
couticiim.m ana loiuicr
that in the agreement
made with the McKay relatives in
Montreal, the local woman will be giv
en JlTi'.iU'ii cash and $1200 a month
for life. The etate of the dead man is
valued at something like Sl.StXi.OiH).
Mrs. McKay uas also given the Phoe
nix property, including a home on
East Adams street, .here she mm
take up her permanent residence on
her return from the east after the
morniii
ficers and
States Commissioner
cli.-iro of uttf mining to cross
., i,h... ,n:iv:i.i,rt His bond was present city
fixed at JlOi'O and not b, lug able to 1 postmaster of Prescott
furnish it be was placed in the citv
Inspector in charge, lleatii. said
that the man first tame to this side
without a passport and was attempt
ing to leave without one when he
was aniirehcnded this ninrnine. There
Phoenix: Arizona creameries will
hereafter be limited to a profit of tivo
cents a pound on butter by a new max
imum margin established by the food
administration, it was announced at
the state headquarters today. Hereto
fore the butter margins have applied
only to wholesale and retail dealers.
The new regulations provide that
Prescott: The value of the estate
left by the late .Wilson J. Hitter is
approximately Shu.oi'ii, according to the manufacture of butter shall not
the inventory which whs attached to Mtu butter at an advance over the cos-t
the petition of the widow. Jlti. Edna of butterfat necessary to produce a
have been several arrests recently in ; Kiner. asuc.g tor letters of adiuini- pound of butter of more than five.
.-irai:ou, mcu hs iiieu in me i au-1 cents per pound ot nutter, except on
similar cases.
resi
Motio McDonald, a pioneer
iirmri:ifp fllxo In iiml, rtnUe liiiilnini! dent of Cochise ceiu.t.v, passed away
in order to furnish employment and 1 j a! fi o'clock Friday morning
believe that the matter will be viewed home in Guadalupe canyon.
f:ivir:llilv ill fliw lipllt I.V nIH.. lit- troll lie Was till" catISC Ol 111?
licials and legislatois.
a- his
Heart
; dentil.
Deceased was M years of age anil Had
lived in this section for the past Ml
vears. lite immiv whsc lam ai if-i m
the tannly plot in Cottonwoml canyon
at li) ii'cIim k yesterday morning. He
siiip-s a widow and five children Mr.
,; D.ni.il I is survived by five brot tiers
j - and two sisters. The brothers. .1. II..
I Why not punish the kaier by turn-1st. L. William ;mi1 Davis live in this
j Mtg hint over to the HusMinis and tell-Jp-irf rf the comity: one sister, Mrs
j ing litem he is their new czar? - New j Lottie H.ui lwood. also resides Jtere.
York Evening Sun. the other one, Mrs. Nelson, lives
The grandmother of the Russian!
ic volution is on her way to the I'niled
Slates. We hope she isn't bringing:
Hit! kid along. -Detroit N ws i
w as
pal superior court. Witter, wno uieu i nales through brunch houses or retail
in Prescott om November ;;. left real 1 ,.rs in less than car bits. The food ad
esiiiti' worth ti:;i'i, tash in the sum ministration does not recognize five
oi J.''.:?''. and 4 ) head ot sheep j cents per pouTid of butter as a normal
valt;cil at HV""" rcaoonublc cost of manufacture. This
I is the maximum margin to cover the
Phoenix: Wiapped in the anus ot ' most expensiw legitimate method ot
Bacchus, three local residents. A. W. . tiperatiou and to provide for the risks
.M Hid )' h. Jat k Maloney and Paddy of fluctuating markets. State fielj
Dal'oii had a narrow escape from ( inspectors with the food adininistra
deaih Christinas eve when the Itirnisli- ti,,n have been direled to turn their
ints of a room in which they worn . attention to butter margins, thecktu
sleepiti-r caught on fire. The nu n were , f speci ally those made through bram.li
gaspitu for breath in the smoke laden establishments, with the idea of plac-
r i. apparenMy powerless to aid ing the price of butter to the consum-
theinsflv i s when Policemau Edwards t-r at as low a price as possible wito
Imilie in the ilir and rescued the trio. : out at feet ing the price of butterfat to
The incipient conflagration occurred the producer. hve
FORMS TO
A, F. OF L, NOT IN
FAVOR OF POLITICS
ML GHR1STENSEN
YANKEES HAVE FORMIDABLE PITCHING STAFF FOR NEXT SEASON
36
GOT T
CONSERVE WASTE
IN THIS SECTION
Gompers Announces That Organiza
tion Will Not Assist in Forming
Labor Party in United States; Dele
gation to Attend Conference
Health Was Completely Shat
tered When She Began
Taking Tanlac
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 29, 1918.
BRITISH
mm
BOARD
HQR
UN
TiMij fil l mi
SURRENDER
Though Playing Mute and Not
Altogether Glorious Part in
War, They Accepted the
U-Boat Surrender
HARWICH, England, Nov. 21. (Cor
respondence of the Associated Press.)
The business of actually accepting
the German submarines in surrender
vyas formed by officers and men
ot i .ritish submarine force who for
m. tr.an four years had maintained
a tedious but relentless vigil of wa
ters of the British Isles. An admiral
in a light cruiser commanded the fleet
to which the U-boats surrendered but
it was a submarine officer who first
stepped aboard each submarine, curtly
went through with the brief lormali
ties and it was a crew of men who wad
fought the U-boats by under-water
methods that manned it and took it to
port.
These men had uncomplainingly
stuck to a job that was recognized by
the admiralty as one of the most unat
tractive in the navy but it was ended
by participation in an event unique in
naval history and a fitting ending for
service performed.
Although British submarines always
were on the lookout for U-boats their
success in the war was not menaced
by the number they destroyed. Nev
ertheless it was co-incident that 20
U-boats should have been sunk by Bri
tish submersibles during the war and
it was the same number first surrend
ered to the British submarine crews
on the day the taking over of the Ger
man fleet was inaugurated off this
port.
As far as possible the admiralty dis
tributed the honor of taking over the
U-boats among all the men of the sub
marine flotilla. Fourteen men were
placed on each surrendered boat and
as they surrendered in batches of 20
a total of 2S0 officers and men were
allowed to participate each day. Every
man looked forward to it eagerly, all
of them wanted to be selected for the
first day's work but when they board
ed the beaten craft they maintained
excellent discipline and orders against
any demonstration were so carefully
obeyed that it was almost an air of
disinterest that they went about their
duties.
So much had been said of the intri
cacies of the German submarine that
there were many misgivings among
the British officers of their ability to
navigate them soon alter they had re
ceived them. They were soon reas
sured, however, as nothing so far dif
ferent from other submarines was
found. Among the first 20 brought
in was the U-135 which is 276 feet
long, was completed three months ago
and had never been to sea until she
crossed the British channel to be sur
rendered. Her type attracted Com
modore S. S. Hall, who has been at
the head of the British submarine
force since the beginning of hostilities.
He- was taken to the vessel soon alt
. er she was placed in her berth in the
River Stour and inspected her with
the young British lieutenant who had
taken her over and brought her into
port with the aid of the German engi
neers. Commodore Hall, about to
leave, smilingly asked the lieutenant
when he would 1 ready to "shove
off." But the young man took the
question seriously and promptly re
plied: "I can take her to sea in a couple of
hours. She is frightfully dirty but the
engines are in good shape and my men
can operate them."
Preparations M
supply the very help nature .
requires, i hey rectify morbid
skin conditions then from the
source of akin health, springs
loveliness of natural beauty.
Don't confuse Marincilo Prep
aration, with orl.nary cosmetics,
Thir're different. They rorrref faults
ami foster natural "i.ose Real"
Beauty.
McDonald's Marinello
Shop Prions 305
GRIP, INFLUENZA
Hamlin's Wizard Oil a Reliable,
Antiseptic Preventive
During influenza epidemics spray .
the nose and throat several times a
lay with one part Wizard Oil and
two parts water, using an atomizer.
If you haven't an atomizer, gargle
the throat and snuff the mixture up
the hose. This treatment sets up an
antiseptic wall of defense against
"Flu" germs.
Chest colds ail sore throat lead
to grip. Stop 'hem at once with
Wizard Oil bclo.e t.iey can dci-clop
into dangerous influenza.
Get it from dru?cits for 30c. II
not satisfied, rettirn the bottle and
get your money back.
Ever constipated or have sick head
ache? Just fv WiztH Liver Whips,
pleasant little r::;! ilU, oOc at drug,
agists. Guariiitecd.
ti III r n
t
Reclamation of All Material
Which Otherwise Would
Be Thrown Away Is Object
of War Industries Body
With the sole intent and purpose
of putting into effect the doctrine of
conservation, inangurated first by the
army of the United States through its
reclamation department and then
adopted inlo civil circles by the na
tional waste reclamation section of
the -war industries board, the Warren
district industries board was organ
ized Friday afternoon at a meeting
held in the rooms of the Warren Dis
trict Commercial club.
Organization first was perfected, in
accordance with the call issued for
the meeting by Mayor Jacob Erickson,
with Sam Erankenberg as chairman;
J. P. Connolly vice-chairman, C. W.
Ruth secretary. Those at the meeting
and the organizations represented by
them were:
Vance M. Johnson for Council of
National Defense.
J. P. Connolly for American Red
Cross society.
E. A. Putnam for Y. M. C. A.
John P. Steffes for National Catho
lic War board.
Sam Frankenberg for Jewish Wel
fare board.
Mrs. Sam H. Kyle for National
Council of Women.
James A. Kempton for National
Committee on Prisons.
W. R. Ashurst for American Feder
ation of Labor.
C. W. Allen for Warren District
Commercial club.
C. W. Kutu for Warren District
Business fllen's Protective fssodfa
tion. The literature concerning the forma
tion of the board, which had been re
ceived by Mayor Erickson from the
national body was turned over to the
newly formed war industries board,
which at once began laying plans for
a drive of one week or more for the
purpose of gathering up all paper,
steel, copper, wool, iron, brass, cot
ton, zinc, aluminum, rubber, babbit
metal, tinfoil, lead, tin and leathei
from the residences and business
places of the district, with the Idea
of having thee ordinarily wasted ma
terials turned into service to the
community.
Arrangements will be made with
junk dealers to make regular call?,
through the district for the purpose
of obtaining the articles mentioned,
which would be gathered up by the
householders and put in a convenient
place for carting away. In most cities
where the war industries boards are
working, signs are hung out by the
occupants of houses when they have
gathered material for the junkman.
In the at my, where waste formerly
was considered a matter of course,
nothing now is wasted. Even surplus
greases and fats are being conserve!
and rendered into soap for army use.
while metal, old clothing, rags, leath
er and hundreds of other formerly
wasted materials are sent to the rec
lamation department to be sorted,
worked over and used again and again
until all usability is past.
la view of this disposition upon the
part of our fighting men, it is up to
civilians distinctly to use their time
and efforts to prevent waste, save
usable articles from the trash heap
and putt the things they saved back
into national "circulation."
To oversee the proper performance
of this duty, the board has been or
gauized. Following the next meeting,
to be held at an early' date, more
definite announcement of plans prob
ably wi'l be made.
CLOSER RELATIONS IN
BASEBALL SOUGHT
Conference Attended by Representa
tives of Major and Minor Leagues
and Plans for Co-operation Are Dis
cussed at Length
IHy Review Leased Wire)
CHICAGO. Dec. 2S. Plans
for
closer relations between the major
and minor leagues were discussed at
a conference today attended by Pres
ident Ban JoJinson, of the American
league; Thomas J. Hickey, president
of the American association, and A.
R. Tearney, of Chicago, chairman ol
the committee representing the Na
tional association of minor leagues.
President Hickey presented a draft
of proposed amendments to the na
tional agreement, under which major
and minor leagues operate, but none
of the conferees would discuss the is
suer at this time.
It was learned, however, that a!
change in tin; drafting of players was i
ynio;ig the ojiestions talked over, l'res-1
ident Mickey recommends Uiat the ma-1
j:r leagues l;e permitted to draft'
players only from the class AA
! leagues, and, instead of taking onlyj
one :r.:ri Irom each club, the major i
I league eltil'K be allowed to draft two.!
; President ilirkey also favi:rs lepisla-j
ti i:i thai "i'l altew tne major leagues j
!o pur: h."-ie ,;,ic;vi fn in :my class
leaune.
i
!Vi'..'i m -.1 r,i lice:- have taught niiuv'
i e.;,i! C.it tnie epii uri-aiiiMU re
frains fi -iiii triinsfoi iniiig coffee and
iit:iir ino;e or less moist tonus of food;
' into a syrup. . '
RUSSIAN PEASANTS AND
WORKMEN NOT UNITED
For Many Months Peasants Have j
Known Bolshevism Was Purest
Moonshine and People in Country
Districts Bitter Against Dictators
LONDON, Nov. 30 (Correspondence!
of the Associated Press). Russian I
workmen and peasants are by no i
means united in a movement to per
petuate a dictatorship of the prole-1
tariat, according to a traveler who re
cently arrived here from Russia. Pre
tense that such is the situation in j
Russia is one of the efforts .of the!
bolshevik propagandists.
For many mouths, he says, the
Moscow government has been almost
wholly without peasant support for the
peasants have learned that bolshev
ism in theory and bolshevism in prac
tice are as unlike as day and night.
The people of the Russian villages
and country districts are declared to
be so bitter against the Helsheviki
that workmen are forced to return to
their native villages for food, dare not
voice bolshevik doctrine for fear of
being killed by their relatives or form
er friends.
To the countrymen in Russia bol
shevism now means nothing hut food
requisitions. To him a bolsliiviki is
an outsider, armed with a rifle, who
who commandeer the peasant former's
grain at prices far below the market
price.
The peasant's ear Is no longer open
to Maximilist theories. He cares noth
ing for skilful Maximalist arguments
setting forth beautiful social and eco
nonflc doctrines. He has tried bol
shevism for a year. He has bad much
of his grain and other foodstuffs
wrested from his by bolshevik grain
crusaders. He know that the only
remaining peasant bolshevik! are
shiftless ne'er-do-wells and will have
nothing to do with them.
As the peasant makes up S5 per
cent of Russia's population their at
titude eventually may shape Russian
policy, says the informant. They con
trol food production, and bread Is the
basis of the present struggle.
From its inception the bolshevik
government depended upon traveling
commissars, who were shipped all
over the republic in special trains and
provided with armed JoVces which
clubbed city and village government
into line. When commissars fell
under local influence and became less
drastic in their methods the bolshevik
authorities at Sinolny Institute with
drew them and sent others who would
be more brutal in their methods.
These methods worked for a timo,
but decreased in effectiveness in di
rect proportion to the distance from
Moscow. When lln disbanded army
returned to t)ic villages carrying arms
and ammunition the peasants begai'.
to initiate bolshevik methods. They
resisted with machine-guns and inaug
urated the movement which has lim
ited soviet juiisprudence to less than
one-tenth of tile old Russian empire.
RED COX SIGN BARROW
,s IVVIt-M l.t-KhVfl Vi!':-J
NEW YORK. Iee. 28. President
Fr.zec of the LiostiUi Alii'-ric in l.vgue
baseball club. aniioutiKd li' i'.- loouy.
that Edward G. Uairow had signed a
contract us mauuger of the world's
ch.mipirn Ud Sox for i!l:t.
BURKE TO STEIZR ES3WMS.
(I'v K-v! -w '.VI' '
ST. I.Ol lS. Mc. ;e,-. I'y-janifs T I
(Jimmy) Hurke today cum' I it u:i-j
tv.H l to manage Hie St. Louis Ameri
can (em aijiiiu next year, lie ns
appointed niHiiaer l.(-t sea.-on aitet
the retigtiatiou of Fielder Jones.
-as , x - i r
' , it
ROMANCE AND TRAGEDY
INTERMINGLED WHEN
FOREIGNERS DEPART
BOLSHEVIKI GOVERNMENT RE
FUSED OWN CITIZENS PERMITS
TO LEAVE COUNTRY SO FOR
EIGN MEN HAD TO MAKE
SWEETHEARTS THEIR WIVES
COPENHAGEN, Nov. 24, (Corre
spondent of Ihe Associated Tress.)
Romance was intermingled with trag
edy in the trying days when the for
eign colonies were attempting to get
permission to leave Russia. Arrests,
searches and threats of execution
were relieved by marriages between
men of the entente powers and Rus
sian women.
The bolshevik government would
not grunt Russian tiuzeus permits to
go auroad. Consequently toreign men
who hoped to leave Russia shortly
could not hope to see their sweet
hearts for an indefinite period, pos
sibly never, if tney lett them in starv
ing, disrupted Russia, where food is
deuied to pes-tis not regarded as
"class-coiiEvious workmen" and all
persons noi in sympathy with bolshev
ism are dispossessed.
Many otucials of the French and
Britisa colonies married in the last
trying days or their stay ui Moscow
and i'etrograd, but the weJdmg ol
Capi. W. L. Hicks, military aiue to
Kruce Lockl.art, the ltritish uiplomatic
representative in Mosco..-, was occom
plished in th2 face of, great obstacles,
perhaps, than those ot other euteiity
citizens who managed to marry be
tween jail sentences and searcnes.
Captain Hicks vas one of the
French un l English officials who were
held as prisoners In the American
consulatsj-gentr.;! at Moscow. He was
engaged to marry Madame MeUnina,
but dared not leave the American
premises to marry her. Most of his
official associates were m prisons
charged with contra revolutionary ac
tivity and in danger of execution.
Russian priests refused to perform
the ceremony in the American con
sulate, as the onhodox church re
quires that marriages be celebrated m
a church.
Major Allen Wardweii. of the Amer
ican Red Cross, who wus looking after
the interests of foreign prisoners, in
terceded with bolbhevtk officials, but
Peters, tile head ot the commission for
the suppression of ontra-revolution.
was firm in hi.i refusal to grant Cap
tain Kicks immunity if he left the
American property a'td walked into
tho Russ'iMi church, which stood in
an adjoining court. v:ien the !:o;ir
for t'ie departure of the hritish olli
rial:! from M:mow approached the
situation became de. perate.
rinu:!y one of l!iu Lettish women
who was ua.tili!,- Capta:u Iiicks be
came intere.-itci in in:, plight mid t: ie-
plll.iie j to I : .--;. -idles;,!!!;; I:li in
the I "iM. ii ioiigim. lier afp'l a
I. ceded. V :i ;.-! -!.- r ...i. i! l.'.j
for the J- :ie;' ot ue; Engn v oiii er
at ice tr.:ii v. ui; i to i.iy i.:n
tl! of iiii1- i.i. A pi.'es.l V a.; (,; ; i!y
ei.K.i ;l ; nd til - pir-y f t ' !. :l o;
ottlioijox church o.i t''.c a t- n,
s'itlK'li, wheie U.e i . ei.ivi:;' ,.,n mt
formed ;t;.;t li.iii i:i hi.ur Ix lore t:u:
L: :ii: and ;-n on .'.ar;ed for Engluii I.
FIRST "DRY" ARREST.
' FNVKK. Col.:.. I :-i ?i.
uin :. "l en :m;taciie valneil at ti-Vii
v.. : M'ii'il jp aMlo:iiohile d'i' i' i
hi Ct-crg" K:tiT i.i from of his i". po
oh tile uorlli sile ol I:, liver toli'hl
alii-r Oifi:ei Ceorue Klein of the
piiliee ii p.ntineiit had tiled sevvial
shuts at the luau.
Above, left to right: Dutch Leonard,
Georee Mogridge, Pete Schneider
and Bob Shawkey. Below: Thor
mahlen, at left, and Ernie Shore.
The Yankee pitching staff as it
now lines up is one that may well
be feared by the other American
league clubs, experts agree. The
recent trade, one of the biggest
pulled off in baseball, helped give
the Yankees their staif.
HAPPY SPIRIT SHOWN
DURING VICTORY WEEK
Description of Scene in Compartment
of Subway When Young Officer
Took Things in Hand and Had Fun
With Staid Company Therein
LONDON, Nov. lu (Correspondence
of the Associated Press). The scene
was a first class compartment of an
underground train, proceeding west
ward by slow stages, about midnight
Tuesday. The occupants were rough
ly listed, a portly and dignified gen
eral of his British majesty's army,
with all the glory of a heavily gold-
braided and scarlet banded cap, the
iusigna ot solemnity and importance,
as 'he wearer was the embodiment
of the same. An eminently sedate
macron of the upper-upper stratum, in
evening dress, with pearls. A ma
ture gentleman of same class, with
shining white shirt front and silk
hat. A portly and very tired police
man. Enter a young officer, with ribbons
for valor on his chest, and turned out
to the limit by his soldier servant.
The young officer absorbs the com
pany with a spacious smile.
"Well here we all are, and glad to
be here again," he proclaims, beam
ingly, and with an Oxford accent.
"Here is my old friend, the Bobby."
Shakes hands, puts the blushing Bob
by's helmet on his own head, and
crowns Bobby with the officer's cap.
"We are glad to have with us Mr.
George Robey."
This to the elderly silk hatted gen
tleman. George Kobey is a music hall
artist.
"And here is the dear old general."
(On active service, this would mean
shooting at dawn.)
"Do we know the beautiful lady?
We do not, but we will be introduced
to the beautiful lady." Business of
bowing all around. Only one who has
lived in England could appreciate tbis,
and only those who have not lived in
England could realize the incredi
bility of the fact.
"And there in the corner Is an
Ozzie." Ozzie is the name for an
Australian soldier. "Now then, ladles
'and gentlemen. All together. Three
hearty cheers for the Ozzie, with the
kangaroo feathers in his hat."
They were given, the general fail
ing to join, but not without visible
embarrassment at his own reticence.
"And we will all be disappointed if
Mr. George Bobey does not produce
a rabbit from the silk hat. Mr. Robey
if you please, a few rabbits and gui
nea pigs from the silk hat to kindly
oblige."
Later while the train stood in West
minster station, he filled the doorway,;
and said to the multitude very grave
ly while wearing the helmet and blow
ing the policeman's whistle: '"Excuse
me. gentlemen, but you cannot come
in here. This is a private party. 1
know you would not intrude."
"God bless him." commented the
old lady. And that Is the general
h'itn,"i atmosphere of London, is thH
vietoty week.
SUPERIOR FRENCH STRATEGY
WON SAYS HUN PUBLICIST
I : v ll'Miw l.va:l Win1)
i'AUIS. Icc L'S. I Havu.O M li
. miliari Il;iitlv:i. lh" (Jerman editor, in
!iin interview hits declared to the cr
: i ..-.,m.:dc:il of the Teiiips that Ger
many was beaten by tho superior str.i
!(; of the French generals. Marshal
Focli. In- declared, was a military
'leader t.n itdove LndcndorC. who had
neer been vicioiious i n the trout. As
for vim Hindenliiira. tliu editor ihiir
ailiii.cd him as little more than a
luurchead.
rtv Fview Leased Wire)
NEW YORK, Dec. 28. The execut
ive council of the American Federa
tion of Labor, at a special session
here today, rejected a proposal call
ing for the formation of a national
political labor party, but voted to
send delegates to the international
labor conference to be held at Ver
sailles next month.
Samuel Gompers, president of the
federation, i:t a formal announcement
after the meeting, said the council
considered P is not the province of
the central bodies and state federa
tions to form or become part of a. na
tional labor party as the best interest
of labor would be served "by the more
thorough organization of the workers.
skilled and unskilled, in the trades
union movement." He addjed that
there was no objecticon, however, to
central or state orzanizations entering
the political field, "either independent
ly or otherwise."
Mr. Gompers announced the selec
tion of himself and the following as
delegates to the International labor
conference: James Duncan, president
of the Granite Cutters international
association of America; John R. Alpin.
president of the United Association of
Plumbers and fitters; Frank Duffy,
secretary of the United Brotherhood
of Carpenters and Joiners of America,
and William Green, secretary and
treasurer of the United Mine Workers
of America.
UKRAINIANS
GIVE BACK TO
FRENCH FORCES
ontlnued from Pag One)
Later they killed these prisoners and
threw their bodies Into the river.
The military forces of General Pet
lura are estimated roughly at from
30 to 40 thousand.' They are dressed
in Russian uniforms and carrying
German rifles. The Ckranians are
working Xowards Galicia and there is
likely to be a serious clash with the
Poles and more battles for the posses
sion of Lemberg and the land occu
pied by the Ruthenians.
Petlura owes his early victories to
the partially neutral attitude of the
Germans. He has promised protection
to the Jews from pograms.
Ten thousand Germans remaining in
Kiev have asked the Warsaw govern
ment for permission to pass through
Galicia so that they may return home.
German troops scattered throughout
the country are being harassed by
the peasants. According to a Serb
ian colonel, who escaped from Mos
cow to Warsaw by way of Kiev, the
railway between Kiev and Odessa has
been cut, and the situation is becom
ing worse.
GERMAN PROPAGANDA
(By Review Leased Wire).
CHICAGO, Dec. 28. "Distorted
German propaganda," and "malicious
agitation," were blamed for the re
ports of pogroms in Poland in a cable
gram received today by John SmulskI,
president of the National Polish, de
partment from Ignace J. Paderewskl.
the noted musician. Mr. SmulskI said
Paderewski recently sailed for Danzig
in a British cruiser from London.
The cablegram said the recent dis
turbances in eastern Galicia were not
pogroms at all but "were really due to
the wholesale release of criminals,
and as a result SO ot the malefactors
were immediately shot by Polish
troops and 1500 were arrested. Out
of that number It was later learned
that 60 per cent were Ruthenians. 30
per cent Poles and only 10 per cent
Jews, so it is evident that religious
persuasion could not have been the
basis for these disturbances.'
The cablegram describes the condi
tion of Poland as "extremely acute,"
recites the need or immediate sup
plies of food, blankets and clothing
and continues: "Prospects for assist
ance from the inter-allied nations are
remote as they expect the polish. gov
ernment to deposit 2.000,000 pounds
sterling for carring out effective re
lief u-firk. which is out of the aues
tion as the Polish government in its
present formation is powerless to
raise such a loan."
Paderewski feared "that the under
taking is too vast for the Poles in
America." but Mr. SmulskI said that
iii.ni huil iilreitriv been taken for the
organization of a strong American res
cue committee.
Discussing the political situation in
Pnland Mr. Smulki Dointed out that
the provinces which comprised Ger
man and Austrian Poland seemed to
be withholding co-operation from the
mlniKtrv which is uttemDtinz to gov
ern the territory formerly held by
Russia.
"In view of these conditions," he
added, "the departure Of Mr. Pad
erewski on a British cruiser is sig
nificant and manifestly an effort is
in progress to bring about through
Paderewski's instrumentality an un
derstanding among the sections of the
dismembered country, over which
llussian bolshevism, as well a Ger
man and Austrian intrigue, is still
trying to exert influence.''
: mi i ai iniTre rnuTDAfTS
illv Kvt.-w I.ohsiMI Wir) ;
WASHINGTON. I We. L'S. -To expe
dite lange of a bill validating InTum!-.
lotitraeti for war ippl;rs. M.''
! 1 1 :sc rules committee t'jiiav vol'-d to
' iipoit a tu!e en January '-. giv;?i.; lie'1
loicatvie a privileged status or ini-
IliiMule consioerai ion. r.naci iiiem oi
(he bill was urged liefcre Hie c;.m-
! mittee by Secretary Maker and assist
ant Secretaries t'roell and Stc"ini'ts
REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTi'
"Just give me Tanlac and you may
have all the other medicines," said
Mrs. C. W. Christensen, residing at
1616 South 44th street, Tacoraa, Wash.
"Those who have not seen me since
I began taking Tanlac," continued
Mrs. Christensen, "would hardly know
me on first sight, I have undergone
such a change. Why, do you know 1
have actually gained 36 pounds. It
hardly sounds reasonable, but it's the
truth. I had suffered from nervous
ness and frequent dizzy spells for sev
en years, and my sleep was so broken,
and 1 was so tired that I hardly felt
like getting up in the mornings. My
back felt like It would break in two.
it hurt me so badly and my kidneys
bothered me all the time. Everything
I would eat tasted bad and my stom
ach was so upset that I could not eat
more than one meal a day. and that a
very light one. Besides all this, about
18 months ago, I was in an automobile
accident, and have been almost a nerv
ous wreck ever since. I thought my
condition was bad enough before, but
afterwards my health was completely
shattered. The pains in my back were
almost unbearable, my stomach got
worse and 1 wis in dreadful plight. I
lot weight until I got own to only 6&
pounds was hardly more than a
frame and was confined to my bed
tor several weeks.
'"Finally a friend of my husband ad
vised him to get me to try Tanlac.
and my improvement commenced with
the first bottle. I have been gaining
in weight and strength ever since un
til now, my troubles are not only gone,
but I feel just as strong and well as
I ever did. I eat just anything and
enjoy it and nothing hurts me a parti
cle. My nerves are strong and steady
and 1 sleep so well that I'm glad for
night to come, and getting up time
comes so early for me in the morn
ings. Tanlac has certainly brought
health and happiness to me and I
can't say too much in its praise."
Tanlac Is sold in Bisbee by J. M.
Ball, in Douglas by Douglas Drug com
pany. In Paradise by G. A. Walter, in
Bowie by Bowie Drug company, in San
Simon by J. B. Cooke, in Wilcox by
A. A. Nicholson. In Lowell by Lowell
Drug company, in Benson by C. F.
Moss Pharmacy, in Gleeson by B. A.
Taylor, in Warren by Warren Pharm
acy, In Pearce by B. A. Taylor, In
Tombstone by Boyd's Drug store, and
in McNe.il by McNeal Mercantile company.
Free to Asthma Sufferers
A New Home Cure That Anyone Can
Use Without Discomfort or
Lou of Time.
We have a New Method that cures
Asthma, and we want you to try it at
our expense. No matter whether your
case is ot long standing or recent de
velopment, whether it is present as oc
casional or chronic Asthma, you
should send for a free trial of our
method. No matter in what climate
you live, no matter what your age or
occupation, if you are troubled with
asthma, our method should relieve you
promptly.
We especially want to send it to
those apparently hopeless cases,
where all forms of inhalers, douches,
opium preparations, fumes, "patent
smokes," etc., have failed. We want
to show everyone at our own expense
that this new method is designed to
end all difficult breathing, all wheez
ing, and all those terrible paroxysms
at once and for all time.
This free offer is too important to
neglect a single day. Write now and
then begin the method at once. Send
no money. Simply mail coupon be
low. Do It Today.
FREE ASTHMA CURE
FRONTIER ASTHMA CO.. Room
964 T. Niagara and Hudson Sts..
Buffalo. N. Y.
Send free trial of your method to:
Th3 Jcy Of
Coming Hotfeernocd
AWoaJerful Remedy Thstua Natural
Aid aad KcUotm th T
4$
9
1& &m
lu expectant mother icvolres in her nvu-1
all understand by dentiny. And it U of
the utmost importance thu her physical com
fort be our ttrst thought.
There is a mart splendid remedy for thu
purpose, known ms Mother's rnend. It if
applied orer the mtuclt of the stomach,
rent ly rubbed in, and at once penetrate to
relic. strain on nerves, cords and licv
meoU. It makes the muscles so pMant th it
they expand easily when babf arrives an.l
pain and dancer at the cruis is natural:
W .
Mother's Friend Is for eitemil turn onlr.
Is absolutely safe and wonderfully effntiTe.
It enables the expectant mother to preserve
her health and stremrth and she remain
a pretty mother by bannr avoided the suf
frriiur and dancer which would otherwise
accompany such an occasion. Every nerve,
muscle and tendon is thoroughly lubricated.
Mothers Fncnd is prepared by rw Br.i.1
fleld Regulator Co.. Lamar Bide, At
lanta, da. They m ill mail you an intense.
interestinc "Motherhood Book." Write tbeai
to send it to you, and in the meantime sen.i
or phono to yur drusryiit today for a botLt
Evrrv worn m shoiiM ai? niture trf her
clorioiis work. Mother's Kricn.i ni.iies it
possible for you to do so, nd uuM be ue4
rcfularly, without fad, night and niornuac SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY RfcVIEW, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 29, 1918.
City Briefs
Has any oue visited you ? Or liave
you entertained? If so, rail The
Review after 6 p. m. and tell the
Society Editor. Piione 39.
wanted to see him. Tlio Sonora au
thorities yave him eiuht days' sraon
for making the trip and at the end of
this ieriod he will have to return to
his I'xile in Arizona.
FROM GLEASON.
Miss Flora Salmon
spending a few d;.ys
a visit to friends.
of Gleason,
in the city
THE WEATHER.
Sunday partly cloudy
Monday unsettled.
and warmer.
FROM PHOENIX.
. Mr. and Mrs. L... E. Sugee of Yuma,
are in the city for a few day9 and are
guests at the Copper Queen hotel.
ANONA CLUB.
The Anona club will ive a dance ! jq TUCSON.
January ;:. Invitations will be issued jliss Elsie Ilutterman, of the New
later. t-Ai-t store, left vesterdav Tor Tucson
where she will remain for a few days
on a business trip.
I
WAS IN TOMBSTONE.
Deputy Sheriff James L. Gannon
was in Tombstone yesterday on a; returns TO DUTY.
short trip ou business connected with I j n Abernathy. who has been here
his official position. over Christmas on a visit to relaiives
I has returned to the naval station at
i San Diego to resume his duties.
TO CARLSBAD.
Mrs. Joe Henderson left this morn-'
ins for Carlsbad. X. M., where she 'GONE TO CANANEA.
will visit wuh relatives for the next; 1)r. cami-bell, who has been con
two months. 'necte'd ith ihu Copper Queen medi
cal staft for the past two months, has
pone to Cananea, where he has accept
ed a position with tiie Cananea Cop
pers. Mr. Watson of Cananea, has six
members in his family and all but the
Utile boy are deaf and dumb and he
only talks "Mex" because he plays
with the Mexican children.
BOOKS FOR SOLDIERS
WANTED BY LIBRARY
ENJOY DANCE.
A large number of people attended
the dance at Lowell last night, and a
thoroughly good time was had by all.
The newly organized Arion orchestra
which furnished the music was highly
complimented on the music it render
ed, and this organization of musicians
should be in great demand in the future.
Works of Fiction, Those With Happy i
Endings Preferred, Sought to Be
Sent to Yanks to Cheer Them Up in
Period Before Demobilizing
co no longer has the tight to make or
collect any money owing or coming
to the Presto. ray only to Musa
Idris. 579
BLACKSMITH COAL
Just unloaded one ar of Ajax
smithing coal. P.rophy Carriage com
pany, Lowell. 562
FROM TOMBSTONE.
Miss Francis Staniger and Miss
Nellie Crochetti, telephone operators j )er company.
m tne oiiice at lomDstono, were vis-
WAS IN CITY.
A. II. Gardner of Tombstone was in
the city yesterday on a short busi
ness trip. He states that the road
camp has been moved from the
Emerald bridge site to the Trappman
ranch, about two miles west ol Tomb
stone. They have completed the
grading about half way from Tomb
stone to that piace.
itors to the city yesterday and will WIFE DIES
return home this evening.
WOMEN'S LEAGUE MEETING.
Mrs. Augusta Kiting, w ife of George
Eitir.g. the transfer man, died Friday
i afternoon, at her home in Tombstone J movements
The omens league of the 1 res- caVon. Funeral arrangements have
byteriKn church will hold its regular jnot been announced pending the ar
meeting Thursday, January 2. at 2:30;rjVal of relatives.
p. m. Mesdames Bridge and Duriey
will be the hostesses. BACK TO SCHOOL.
l
MARRIED IN LOS ANGELES.
Frank Cobbe of Hereford, brother
of George Cobbe of this city, was mar
ried in Los Angeles yesterday to Miss
Nell McKiimon. The couple will re
turn to Hereford about January 6 to
make their future home. The groom
is a well-know n, rancher and thought
he was putting one over on his rela
tives, but they were aware of his
Miss McKinnon was a
PARTY GIVEN.
Mr. and Mrs. Dan Foster entertain
ed in honor of Mrs. Fester's brother,
Cpl. Thomas F. Spaulding. with a
dance and party. Corporal Spaulding
leaves today for Montgomery, Ala.
- f : t . 1 . . c. . 1 . . f ........... .1 ...
for Tempe, where she will resume her
duties at the normal school. She has
been spending some time here on a
visit to her parents. Mr. and Mrs. Wil
liam Ewing of Tombstone canyon.
COUNTRY CLUB PARTY.
Miss Lilian Regan entertained at
the Country club Christmas night. A
party of ten, namely, Mesdames Jami
son, Probst, Chambers. Misses Pail,
l'.lack, Howe, Kelly, Eiliier, Coffin and
Kegan.
FROM CANANEA.
E. E. McKittrick of the Democrata
mine in Cananea was in the city yes
terday on a short business trip. He
states that the mine will this month
FROM OVER SEAS.
W. H. Taylor has returned from
the battle fields of France, where he
was with the S9th division. Mr. Tay
lor was a former resident of Bisbee
and was one of the early pioneer resi
dents of Don Luis. He expects to
again take up his residence in the
district.
teacuer in
two years.
the Hereford district for
ENTERTAINED FRIENDS.
George Kockhill and wife of Vpper
Tombstone canyon entertained at a
produce close to a mi.iion pounds of frjendg TombsIone. Among tne
number were: Misses Johanna and
Lcretto Kohlen. Miss Francis Stani
ger, Mii;s Nellie Crochetti and Nor
man Abell.
copper.
FROM TOMBSTONE.
Miss Emma Bishop, Miss Minnie
Sanders and Mrs. John I-aHrosse
formed a party of Tombstone folk who
were in the city yestorday and re
mained over to take in the dance last
evening.
NEW YEAR'S EVE.
Accordiug to word received from
Benson the New Year's dance will be
given at the Auditorium on New
Year's even instead of New Y ear's
night, as previously reported. A Tuc
son orchestra will furnish the music.
NEW LICENSE NUMBERS.
The new auto license numbers have
begun to make their appearance in
the Warren district for the year 1919.
They are white numbers on a black
background and the wording, "Ariz.,
1919." is op the left of the figures in
stead of the right as were this year's
license plates.
ARE IN CITY.
L. D. Clark and wife of Tucson ar
rived last evening and are guests at
the Copper Queen hotel. Mr. Clark is
at nresent editor of the Tucson Star I not seen
and was formerly connected with The states that the west is good enough
I?eview Thev will he in the citv for! for him and that he does not like the
HAS RETURNED.
Andy Carpenter has returned from
an extended visit to his old home iu
New York. While east he had a
chance to visit with his son, who Is
with the United States navy. He had
hira for some time. Andy
several weeks.
eastern cold weather.
REGULAR SERVICE TODAY.
tt is expected that regular train
schedules will be resumed today. Yes
terday and the day before the east
bound trains were on time, and last
night the only train behind time came
in with a load of delayed mail. For
five days Douglas has been practically
shut off from mail from points east
of El Paso, and many expected Christ
mas gifts were late in arriving as a
result. It is understood that the snow
has been cleared from the tracks of
the railroads in Kansas, Oklahoma
and northern Texas and that the
trains on the El Paso & Southwestern
will be on schedule hereafter or
until the next storm sweeps over the
recently snowbound sections.
WELL KNOWN WOMAN
DIES IN TUCSON
TUCSON, Ariz., Dec. 28. Mrs.
Mary Cheyney Bernard, wife of Coun
ty Supervisor X. C. Bernard and
daughter of Mrs. Annie Neal Chey
ney and the late George W. Cheyney
of this city, died Friday night at 8:30
o'clock at the Arizona hospital,
whither she had been removed from
her home three days earlier. The
cause of death was pneumonia, re
sultant from an attack of influenza.
Mrs. Bernard had been ill for about
ten days.
A resident of Arizona all her life
and of Tucson for the greater portion
of It, the death of this charming and
much-beloved young woman who was
prominently identified with all that
is best in the life of the community,
comes as a great shock to the entire
city. Mrs. Bernard was the third
eldest daughter of the six daughters
of Mr. and Mrs. G. W. Cheyney, prom
inent pioneer resdents of the state,
identified with both Tombstone and
ON WAY TO NORMAL. j UNDELIVERED MESSAGES.
Miss Johanna and Loretta Kohlen I There are undelivered telegrams at
! .1.- ,.!... i,. ,,n . the Western Union office for the fol-
visit to friends and will leave here i lowing named persons: Sra. Soledad Tucson Her marriage to Xoah C.
today for Phoenix, where they are de Viilarrea, C. E. Smith, E. S. Katz. j Bernard, eldest son of the late X C.
located at present. They have been! A. D. Christian. Mrs. S. A. McCray. H. j Bernard, took place in October, 1910.
spending Christmas at Tombstone M. Kla?ge, John .Norton. Krist Mika-1 In the years since their marriage . Mr.
' . . . . . ; cm rl ITm I ? 11 .-. i i-.i 1 1 -i H m -1 it n thai.
i rnr en I ep i natiman. Mrs. iiruce ! '" "
with their parents.
Cauthon, Browning.
HAS RETURNED.
Sheriff-elect James McDonald has
returned from Jerome, where he has
HAS BABY BOY.
Advices have been received here
been on business connected with the. from Phoenix of the arrival. of a baby
United States marshal's office. He boy to the wife of Parker Woodman,
stated that he did not know at the jr., on Tuesday last. Parker is now
present time who was to be appointed : in that city and it is doubtful if he
to his positon as deputy marshal. j will be able to return to this city and
i do any repair work for the telephone
SHORT TIME GIVEN. ! company for sometime.
Padre Cardenas or this city and i
Xaco went to Cananea a few days : FROM CANANEA.
ago to visit his old parish there. It D. O. Watson, the deaf and dumb
was his first visit since priests were, saddler from Cananea. was in the city
barred out of Sonora by the Calles yesterday on a short business trip. He
government several years ago, and he ! came to meet his brother, Chas. Wat
has informed friends here that his ' son. from Miami, who was here. It
reception from his former parishoners was an interesting sight to watch
was more than enthusiastic. He was them converse last night at the Cop
almost mobbed by old friends who 'per Queen hotel by using their fin-
home upon the Bernard ranch near
Arivaca, dividing their time between
that place and this city.
Beside her husband and a daughter,
4 years of age. Mrs. Bernard is sur
vived by her mother, Mrs. Cheyney,
and five sisters Mrs. William M.
Pryce, Mrs. Pat Ryan and Miss Ruth
Cheyney of Tucson; Mrs. R. B. Cad
w alder of Berkeley and Miss Eleanor
Cheyney, who is at present in Los
Angeles.
The American Library association
nskin for gifts of good receut works
of fiction to supply the reading needs
of our men in hospitals and demobili
zation camps. Every public library in
the United States has been designat
ed as a receiving station for such
gifts.
The classes of books most in de
mand by the soldiers are fiction of the
adventurous-romantic school. Recent
requests from hospitals and camp lib
rarians emphasize the call for books
of this sort. Zane Grey is perhaps the
most popular of all writers with the
enlisted men. and of his books, from
"Heritage of the Desert" to "The U.
P. Trail" there is never a sufficient
supply. The "Tarzan" stories by Ed
gar Hire Burroughs are fairly devour
ed, and Rex Beach. John Fox, jr.. and
B. M. Bower are prime favorites.
O. Henry's books are in constant
demand, with scant supply. There are
never enough copies of "Tom Saw
yer" to meet the -calls for Mark
Twain's great classic of boyhood,
though hundreds of copies have been
bought in addition to those given by
the public. Anna Katherine Green's
detective stories vie with the adven
turous tales of George Barr McCutch
eon. Soldiers like the detective stor
ies of Mary Roberts Rinehart, too,
such as "The Man in Lower Ten"
and "The Circular Staircase," as well
as her later works.
Gene Strat ton-Porter's stories of the
Limberlost are very popular. So are
the novels of Harold Bell Wright.' In
deed, it may almost be said that any
book that is popular with the general
reading public is popular with the
soldiers.
The Copper Queen now has on hand
100 volumes ready for shipment to El
Paso. There is an urgent call for
many more books. Bring your books
that you have read and enjoyed to the
library and they soon will be in the
hands of the boys that are so eager
to get them.
NOTICE
Dance Sunday night, Finnish hall,
S:.1i. Everybody welcome. Admis
sion, ladies 2G cents, gents 50 cent
I
I
i
i
i
i
CONDUCTED BY SAID PARTXER
SHIP IN SAID CITY OF DOUGLAS
AXD WILL PAY ALL CLAIMS AXD
BILLS AGAIXST SAID BUSINESS
IN SAID CITY. AXT THAT F. C.
THE BUSINESS HERETOFORE ',
CONDUCTED BY THE SAID PART-i
NERSHIP IX SAID TOWN OF LO-1
WELL, AXD WILL PAY ALL 1
CLAIMS AXD BILLS AGAINST SAID ,
BUSINESS OX AND AFTER THE '
1STH DAY OF DECEMBER, 1913.
J. T. HOOD,
319 F. C. BLEDSOE.
TOO LATE TO CLASSIFY
FOR RENT Modern three-room un
furnished apartment. Close iu. Ap
ply at The Miners Store. dh-tf
FOR RENT One room with two beds
and gas heat. Over Los Angeles
grocery. Brewery Gulch. 581
WANTED Steady boy.
Dye Works.
Apply City
574
FOR RENT Three-room furnished
house. Apply Thomas Snell, S'l
High road.
ATTENTION
A meeting is
called for Canton 1
LCJ -- a. i. o. o. f..:
day, December 29, Odd Fellows' hall. 1
S47 i
NEW-BONE CORSETS
Will call for measurements. Phone
Black GS3. 164
SPECIAL TURKEY DINNER
Today. Cranberry saucu. Presto
Lunch. Musa Idris. ,' CS0
NOTICE
Don't forget the Eagle club dance at
Eagle hall, Saturday, December 28,
8:30 p. m. Also New Year's eve dance,
Tuesday, December 31. Dance the old
year out and new year-in. Long's
orchestra. 506
Dr. Playfair, Osteopath, 98 Mason
Hill, Mason car stop. Phone Blue 647.
Adv. 231 1
BIG MASQUERADE DANGE
MONDAY EVENING, DECEMBER 30
MRS. SALES' ACADEMY, - 0. X. STREET
Everybody invited. Admission, $1.00
. Ladies Free.
L. L. Ciltnan sells the New Edison, I
"The Phonograph With a Soul." j
ROCKHILL'S STAGE
Bisbee-Tombstone. Leaves Bisbee,
Bisbee Auto company. 7:45 a. m., 1:30
p. m. Phone Bisbee 5. Adv.
Rosenbarger's Beauty Parlors
moved to Room 15 over 5 and 10c
store. Main street. 203
The greatest song or all. Be sure
to get a copy of the latest song hit
Muir Music store. 42S
Painter and Paper Hanging, Signs.
C. J. BRANDT
Box 130. 27 Broadway. Phone 456.
RULER OF THE ROAD
AT THE EAGLE TODAY
"Ruler of the Road" at the Eagle
theater today is Frank Keenan's own
picture his character study. There
are mighty few actors on the screen
able to hold five feet of character
ization withh little action and no love
interest to speak of. Mr. Keenan is
one of the few. His portrayal of Sim
eon Tetlow, railroad president, driver
of men. who finally breaks down un
der the strain of his exorbitant sup
ply of energy is a powerful and effec
tive piece of acting from first to last.
Iu this characterization of "Ruler of
the Road" Mr. Keenan's, personality,
his wonderful power of facial expres
sion, holds the attention steadfast
throughout its entire length.
The picture is an adaptation from
a novel by Jeanette Lee, entitled "Si
meon Tetlow's Shadow." It is tha
story of a driver of men, relentless
and heartless who after a physical
and mental breakdown, learns that
other men have hearts and that he
still has a piece of one fully capable
of expanding under proper treatment.
The strength of Mr. Keenan's study
was relied upon by producers to bring
out th full significance of the moral.
Explanations would have been super
fluous. The performance speaks for
itself.
NOTICE
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN, ;
THAT THE CO-PARTNERSHIP OF
HOOD & BLEDSOE. CONSISTING j
OF J. T. HOOD AXD F. C. BLEDSOE,
DOIXG BUSINESS IX THE CITY OF !
DOUGLAS. COCHISE COUNTY, i
STATE OF ARIZOXA, AND IX THE ;
TOWN OF LOWELL. SAID COUNTY !
AND STATE, HAS BEEN DIS-1
SOLVED AXD THAT THE SAID J. T. '
HOOD IS XOW THE OWXER OF'''
THIS BUSINESS HERETOFORE
Grand Theater!
TODAY Continuous, 1:00 to 11:00 TODAY
TRIANGLE FILM CORP. Presents
MARGERY WILSON and JACK LIVINGSTON in
"THE
HARD ROCK
BREED"
A THRILLING WESTERN STORY
Also, one of the funny Ebony Comedies
"A RECKLESS ROVER"
' ADMISSION:
Lower floor 9c, war tax lc, total 10c
Balcony 4c, war tax lc, total 5c
X jrHn-ri uiTirtl
1
To-Day
ONLY!
LYRIC
THEATER
Continuous
From
1:00 to 11:00
P.M.
CARLYLE BLACKWELL -and- EVELYN GREELY
IN
; Hu Ls i JlO la iau w
c i
TO
Business Locals
Private dancing lessons at all hours. !
Funeral arrangements, which have j Mrs. Sales' Academy, O. K. street. 552
not yet been completed, will be
nounccd later.
Not only will it be less difficult for
the world to readjust itself to peace
than it w-as to adjust itself to war,
but the job will be tackled with more
cheer.
ATTENTION j
' Frank Carasco, who owned half in-1
terest in the Presto Lunch room, has
sold out his interest to his partner,
Musa Idris. If any debts are owing
Musa Idris will collect them, and will
stand good for all bills. Frank Caras-
A charming and delightful story one that is sure to please every member of the family.
Romantic, true to life, it portrays how money can be a barrier to happiness.
also
PEARL WHITE in "What She Did to Her Husband"
A GLOOM DISPENSER.
ADMISSION
Lower floor, 13c, war tax, 2c, total 15c Balcony 9c, war tax lc, total
Reserved seats 22c, war tax 3c, total 25c
.10c
A
V
Continuous
1 to 11p.m.
r
TO-DAY &
MONDAY!
PATHE PRESENTS
1 - 1
An adaption from the Novel: "SIMEON TET
LOW'S SHADOW," by Jeanette Lee
F.oa"
A 6-Part Story of Railroad Life with Frank
Keenan in a characterization of powerful effect
Lonesome
Luke
Comedy
"WE NEVER
SLEEP"
Thirty Minutes of FUN
WITH LONESOME LUKE!
ADMISSION:
Children 10. Adults 15.
Reserved 25.
This includes war tax.
Central Theater!
LOWELL Continuous 1:00 to U:C0 p. m. TODAY
11
STARRING
MACISTE, the Super-Man, Hero of "CABIRIA"
A magnificent screen spectacle, abounding in thrills,
cheers, laughs and absorbing human interest, in seven
tremendous parts.
Also, for a good laugh
ILLY WEST "THE HANDY MAN"
ADMISSION:
Children 9c, war tax lc, total 10c
Adults 18c, war tax 2c, total 20c
Reserved Seats 27c, war tax 3c, total 30c
i iiiM ml i mxf'titi ii""'r''-T" ' ' rrr 1 ;' "-.-
1
MINING
SECTION ;
Edit by
S SOCIETY
8
8 5EUIIUN 3
5 Edited by
LEE BROWN
V
WILLIAM T. OWEN
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
VOL. 21, NO. 198.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 29, 1918.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
MINES, MINING, LOCAL STOCKS AND COPPER
S "L :
NEW CORNELIA 1918 LEADER i
IN CONSIDERATION OF BIG i
ACCOMPLISH IN MINING!
Arizona Chapter American Mining Congress' Publicity De
partment Resume of Mining Operations of State During
Year, Contains Interesting Summary of General Operation
in Mining, Construction and Development Divisions, Sup
plementary to General Survey of Work Printed in These
Columns Last Week
Precedence bag been won by New Cornelia Copper company in all con
sideration of (Treat accomplishments made by Arizona mines in 1913. The
Ajo plants of this company are the largest in the world engaged in precipi
tation practices and include the use of methods in combinations which were
entirely new in usage when put in service by New Cornelia. Necessarily
there remained much to learn and much to urork out in attaining top effici
ency. The successful application of the endeavor required is best told In the
attainment to ability to output 4,000,000 pounds of copper the month as com
pared with rated capacity of 3.000,000 pounds, announced in advance estimates.
New Cornelia is now operating with maximum efficiency in every department
and its management has established that no single item of its advance expec
tations was overrated. In fact, all advance statements have proven out as
based on the minimum. This applies not only to results from the treatment
of ore but even more forcibly to the ore resources of the company. These are
showing constant gain on the original holdings, where the ultimate tonnage
will be greatly in excess of first estimates, with probable higher average
of copper, gold and silver content. On the Ajo Consolidated ground pur
chased by Cornelia last winter, there has been like development of ore and
values in excess of the estimates upon which purchase price was based. In
the success of New Cornelia its operators and operatives share equally the
honors and pride of big achievement and entertain a community interest
among themselves that is exceeded in purposeful loyalty in no industrial
center inthe west.
Other Big Work
In the Ray district, Ray Consolidated made a splendid year's record, with
Increased production and Improvements in mining and milling operations
of permanent value. Throughout efforts brought by outside Influences to
make trouble in Arizona copper camps, Ray Consolidated operatives stood
loyally with the management and answered all the overtures of trouble
makers with a little more copper for the prosecution of war. The industrial
situation in all phases is excellent In the Ray camp and in connection with
the fine physical condition in which Ray Consolidated has been maintained,
puts it in elastic form to meet advantageously whatever requirements 1919
may develop. Ray Hercules, brought into production the middle of the year,
added another large producer to the Arizona list, has made better than the
usual progress attending new underground mining operations. The company's
mill is giving very satisfactory results while the mine is meeting all ex
pectations. The new year is expected to witness the accomplishment of much
by Ray Hercules that will advance the property strongly in public favor. In
the Verde district, fnited Verde and Verde Extension have each added
materially to ore resources and mine and smelter equipmnt. The properties
were never in as good condition. In the Warren district. Calumet &. Ari
zona pursued a vigorous year of production and managed to carry on a fair
amount In the latter division results obtained were consistent and in the in
stance of development being pursued on the Junction 1600 level toward the
Denn line there is promise of the opening of another of the big rich ore
bodies for which C. & A. territory holds fame. Phelps-Dodge cprations in
the Warren district brught their properties at the peak of war requirements
of copper to the highest production of metal in their history, upwards of
9,000,000 pounds the month. Large operations of the company in the prepara
tion of Sacramento Hill for steam shovel mining were retarded by government
Tulings affecting new work, but in the new year it is probable that this day
will be in much part made up for. Shattuck Arizona gave most endeavor to
opening up its body of low grade lead-silver ore and has shown the way to
making the Bisbee camp the largest producer of lead as well as copper in
the state. Shattuck has a million tons of this lead-silver which win yield
$4 profit the ton. Prospecting for extensions of its rich copper ore bodies Is
continuing. In the Globe-Miami district the endeavor required to get back to
normal in mine operations following the 1917 strikes was very great and
cannot be said even yet to have been wholly accomplished. Nevertheless
the Globe district managed record production for the year and carried some
of its deeper development along with gratifying results, giving cause for
greater confidence in its deep country than at any previous time. Old Domin
ion was much advanced and during 1919 there should be important reflec
tion of Its gains. Iron Cap made phenomenal record of increased produc
tion at the heiehth of war requirements and carried on development that has
given it constantly Increasing promises of big things. Arizona Commercial
maintained excellent production and also gained importantly from develop
ment In the Cllfton-Mbrencl district Arizona Copper, Shannon Copper and
Phelps-Dodge scored a new high record for metal output of the district during
the time of the allies greatest need. Those districts have the distinction of
probably the lowest labor turn-over In the state, that of thfe Arizona Copper
company being rA, The company had much to overcome during the year
because of sabotage sustained In the 1917 strike but has carried on aggres
sively with development and betterments. Shannon's situation at its Clifton
property is less favorable in the face of probable decline in metal price and
difficulties that have attended development during the year. At its Yearer
canyon property, however, development is brlnginr results that extend prom
Is of making up for the decline at Clifton. At Morenci. the Phelps-Dodge
properties maintained a year of good results and it is Indicated that they have
one of aggressive development and improvement ahead.
Developing Properties
Denn-Arlzona holds chief interest in the developing class. The prop
erty since early in the year has been a regular shipper and at the peak of
war requirements made above 600.000 pounds of copper the month. The ISO"
level Is now being gone to from the 1700 and It is general belief that on the
1800 level the real mine will be made. If the conditions are found there that
there is much reason to anticipate. Denn will enter the class of the lareest
and richest copper mines of the state. In the Verde district, Jerome Verde
has been making reirular shipments of a car of ore the day since August
and from the Income has been materially assisted with Its development pro
gram. The latter Is considered the best direct and most promising at this
time in the history of the property. Gadsden In the same district claims
very wide attention and during the first half of the new year should disclose
much of Importance, not only to Its owners, but to a very large adjacent area.
Gadsden Is now driving to the fault from Its 1200 level and has probably
made about half the distance. It has recently been In somewhat mineralized
country that carries considerable encouragement. Increase in water Tow has
occurred as the work has gone in and msy slow development down to some ex
tent until Increased pumping facilities can be installed. Orders for additional
pumps have been In for months, but manufacturers have been unable to de
liver. The Kay Copper company Is making development of high grade ore
In considerable bodies that is considered very encouraging to expectation of a
big mine. The Van Dyke Copper company, in tba aiami district, is sinking
(eattnu94 en
Pr Two)
HOW SWITZERLAND HANDLES THE BOLSHEVIKI PROBLEM
Switzerland 1: - '-Vi a 5stlc
and effective v. o' dttMng
with Bolshevism v i.-ii far a time
threatened the Mn cf tb littie
nation. The Bolsfcevife taic8ion h.2i
a representative in Switzerland at
the close of the war. He was
tolerated on his agreement to re
frain from all propaganda activi
ties. A general strike throughout
the country was traced to the Bol
sheviks. Thir minister and his
associates were ordered out cf the
country. When they refused to
leave voluntarily the Swiss au
thorities escorted them to the rail
road station at Berne and placed
them on a train bound for Russia.
Swiss troops prevented any dem
onstration by i"el!ov.' Bolsheviks.
I
P SX 1-,-
st"?..:.
COPPERS
IFOLLOWSSTEELI
PLAN SEDUCTION
Sets Example of General Price
Lowering, Even at Tempor
ary Loss; Wages to Be Un
changed for Present
The Copper Producers' association,
numbering all the large producers of
the red metal, has agreed upon a price
of 23 cents the pound for the metal.
The producers' price announcement
follows the same line taken by steel
producers a few weeks ago, when in
their final meeting with the federal
war industries board they proposed
that upon the withdrawal of govern
ment price-fixing they would submit a
price scheduled somewhat lower than
the prevailing price, v.hich they did
and endorsement of which was given
by the board. Like action was taken
upon the proposal of the copper pro
ducers yesterday.
In submitting the situation, the steel
producers Indicated that their policy
would be to sustain wages at the pre
vailing rate until the example set by
their own reduction of selling prices
should be followed by others, with re
sult of general decline in costs of pro
duction and living costs, whereupon
a readjustment of wage scales would
be possible. Prominent copper pro
ducers have set forth similar views
as to the handling of their industry
and with this have tiken the first steo
In lowering the price of the metal.
There Is in consequence -'no early
change In ware schedules In m-oneet
in Arizona. Closing down will likelv
occur on the part of some of the
smaller producers, who may not be
able to operate with profit on a 23
eent market, and there may be snue
curtailment of general forces on min
ing, with diversion of most of the
men thus affected to development
work, but there Is no present likeli
hood of development of conditions
which will work material hardship in
anv of the mining districts.
From the shareowners' standpoint,
no more than conjecture Is possible
until after the first of the year, when
it will be sen whether th" 13-cent
price will stick and who the hieh-enst
producers are. It is certain that the
low-cost producers should show pains
In market value of shares, with small
respect to the market movement of
the metal price, except that the latter
go to an extreme low that it Is not
now reasonable to expect. Readjust
ment and reconstruction demands to
ward tbe middle of the new year, n
A :.4 H 4 r fit-' - U V- :f -hh:
f ' V ,U A'VVV
i v. y i.U..vA.;
' jNi - - vl '"--sir
'WHAT ABOUT MINERS
WHO WENT AFTER
, MANGANESE BODIES
MINER PUTS PERTINENT QUERRY
TO GOVERNMENT REQUESTING
INFORMATION AS TO STATUS
OF THIS NEWBORN INDUSTRY
WHICH NOW IS DYING
Over a year ago our government
sent out a frantic call to the miners
aud prospectors to help the govern
ment in finding potash, chrome, man
ganese and other metals for war mu
niiions. This call was published in the dailv
papers all over the country. The geo
logy survey men were sent out all
over the est.
The miners and prospectors went
out into the desert, found and opened
up these deposits to make steel for
wsr munitions at the nation's call.
They were too old to fight, but not
too old to do their bits to back up the
boys over there. Many deposits of
these ores have been found and' open
ed up and many carloads shipped.
Many have put their all into these
mliif-s. relying on the government's
promise to protect them. The Metals
Bill of $"0.0U(.0(i0 was passed and
signed by the president to help and
protect these men who had stayed by
the fovernnient.
Whtre is the metals bill now? Peace
came, the ore buyers now refuse to
buy any more American manganese
ore. saying "they can buy it cheaper
in Brazil, where labor is cheap or
cerhaps In Germany. The situation
today is that the manganese miners,
many of whom were just getting
ready to ship ore. now stand to lose
all they have put into these mines
and in many cases, all they have In
:he world. Is this fair? Is the gov
ernment giving these miners a square
deal?
Did the rtrazilians by Liberty bonds,
ihrift stamns or send their sons to
the war? If the covernment does not
j act soon, every manpanese mine will
,-oon be closed down and the owners
practically ruined.
A MAXGAXESK MIXKP..
I the opinion of conservative market ex-
H u win pini i vii a - i . au n-
vatice, under which all of the pro
ducers, big and little, will get back
into good earnings, with reflection in
much stroer share rrices and pos
sihly something closely approaching
the record figures of 1916.
Xev- Yoik :i."iartmer!t stores are
(now experimenting wi'h women floor
walkers. It is a job for which many
mothers have qualified. I
Average citizens would bear with j
equani.nity the threatened scarcity of
golf halls if somebody would put more
hen's eggs into circulation.
DUNDEE PLANS
TO DEVELOP ITS:
Further Operations Looking
to This End Will Be Started
at Once; Shift Will Be
Worked
JEROME, Ariz.. Dec. 28. Further
CARBONATE ORES
development of the carbonate deposits
at the Dundee-Arizona is to be under
taken at once. The old tunnel, which
strikes the shaft 120 feet below the
collar, is to be extended 100 feet or so
northeastward into the zone of
fractured limestone known to be at
least partially impregnated with cop
per. Decision to extend this tunnel was
reached by Consulting Engineer W. E.
Defty and Director Fred S. Stephen,
who arrived from Phoenix Monday
night and spent all of Tuesday on the
property with Supt. Jack Martin. They
directed Martin to put a shift to work
in the tunnel at once and authorized
him to employ a second shift there if
such a course seems advisable. Be
cause of the rapidity with which the
flow of water is increasing in the
shaft, he was instructed to cut his
shaft force down to one shift.
Ore Deposits
That the Dundee has an immense
blanket of carbonate ores on the sur
face has long been known but not
until recently have the officials of the
company realized the possibilities of
the fractured limestone zone lying
just away from the shaft. This one
may increase the ore reserves of the
Dundee enormously, and it is expect
ed that any ore found even at super
ficial depth will be vastly richer than
the surf ice material which has been
exposed to the weather.
Onlv feet below the collar,
a little work was done in the lime
stone a few feet away from the shaft
and several tons of beautiful ore were
taken out. It was all carbonate, of
course, but much richer than the ore
found directlv on the surface. Forty
feet below the tunnel level the car
bonate is slightly exposed and indica
tions there are much better than they
are above.
Xo attempt has been made to prove
the extent of the ore in the shattered
limestone but if Is entirelv within the
bounds of possibility that hir bodies
will be found there. Hieh-erade
streaks and lense are also within the
hounds of possibility.
Treatment Plant
It is rumored that the Dundee com
pany has in view some means of,
i
iContlmi'il rn Pag Two)
COPPER QUEEN
IN MARKET
MS ORE
Douglas Smelter Announces
That It Will in Immediate
Future Receive Copper
Bearing Ores at 16 Cents
DOUGLAS, Ariz., Dec. 23 The Cop- j
per Queen smelter has sent out the
following letter bearing on ore pur
chases which Is of interest to all per
10
OR CM
sens having copper ore to sell. The ! """,a-, ,u V . ',ruuu,:l'un. 01 e
i metal and the purchasing of bonda.
circular follows: j war 8avini3 stamps and the outright
As the New York Engineering and 1 subscriptions to the various war or
Mining Journal, whose quotations ganizations speaks for itself of the
have always been used by us as a ' manner in which the companies and
basis for payments, have suspended ' the employes assisted the government
quotations for copper we now have no during the war period. With the cessa
quotations upon which to base aur set-! tion of hostilities there has been no
tlements. I let-up In that district with respect to
In the Journal's issue of December j the desire to bring in more producing
14th on pane" 1057 they make the fol-
lowing explanation
COPPER: In making our report
last week we indicated a change in
the situation in copper and reserved
the right to correct our representa
tion of the market' from the end of
November onward. The facts of the
situation are these: The government
never fixed the price of copper in the
sense of establishing it. What it did
by the pronunciamento of September
21, 1! 17. was to fix a maximum price
beyond which sellers might not go and
sellers being unwilling to take any
less, tbe price was substantially fixed,
first at 23 l-2c. and then at 26c, and
those prices were unquestionably the
market prices, all of the copper being
sold at them. The price of 26c, first
made on July 2, 1918, was to prevail
to August 15, being subsequently ex
tended by agreement to November 1,
and then to January 1. On Novem
ber 15, after the armistice, when it
appeared that government orders
woum soon terminate, me prooucers
entered into a new agreement with
the war industries hoaril wherebv
they promised to maintain production
and wages until January 1. and in re
turn they received assurances respect
ing government control of the market,
which amounted to agreement that
the government would pay 26c for
any further copper it might order
and would sanction the producers'
asking that price Itom other buyers
and acting unitedly. Since that time
such copper as has been sold has Ueen
booked at 26c. but the quantity has
Deen inning toniy a iew tiiousaua tween tne two towns. The tracklavers
tons) and since the end of Novem- re working close behind the graders
ber there has been none sold, and and tne two departments of the work
there have been no buyers, and , win De abie to announce completion,
there has been no market. In the j within a few days of each other. The
absence of either transaction or bids, seond motor car has been delivered
we can do nothing bat report "noland it is expected that the first train
market" and give no other represen-1 Will pass over the mils within a month
tation of the situation than "26c asked lrom today and possibly a few days
by all producers with government earlier. Each motor car will pull a
sanction, and governmental control trailer fitted up. and as soon as the
against any more." We carry this I service becomes adjusted it will be
revised representation back to Decern-; possible for Clarkdaie travelers to pur-
ber 1 in accoruance wua tne reserva -
tion that we published in our report of
last week. This is still a tentative
correction, for in the event that signi
ficant sales uf copper should be made
at 26c I nothing higher is permissible
while the control of the war indus
tries board continues), after a period
of reporting "no market" we should
consider that for statistical purposes
that figure should be recorded as the
daily price in the interval. But if a
market develops at a lower price,
there will be a statistical gap, which
cannot reasonably be filled in.
With a view of enabling our ship-
pert to continue operations and thus
prevent disorganization of their forces
during the period of readjustment, we
will continue purchases of copper ores
and make provisional settlements on
the basis of an arbitrary quotation of
16 cents pr pound, from which the
usual deducations w ill be made for
treatment, freicht. refining, etc.
While we feel that 16 cents Is
a conservative basis for provisional
settlement it is not to be understood
from this that we are venturing any
prediction as to the trend of future
prices.
Should weekly quotations be revised
by the Engineering and Mining Jour
nal we will settle on the basis of such
quotations for copper due for settle- j
mem inai ees. 11 no quoianons are , , shan, on ,he 1 B63 000 shares
published for any week in which set- of JS par p,stiindinK. before tax de
tlement is due. final settlement will I ,,llrMons This compares with net
be made on the basis of the price j rofits of $SS1.S16 last year"and IS59.-
which t r'-t'Me iur your coppt'r
whon finally sold.
We will keep you advised of anv I nt, a shar,. pr :o Cent8 oer annum,
new -developments Jn the situation and ' , the expectation of the manaee
desire to ask that you notify us j mpnt ,hat , ronstructioll work at th
promptly whether you expect to con-, oom ,9 p,UB Bu ,n(J
tlnue shipment, under present con- Considerable exploratory
ditions and if so approximately what j k . h.jn. nrnm.,t.A .w
monthly tonnage you
sale.
will have for
It Is said that cotton growing in the
barred one will b permitted next
vesr. , ur mere v , oe very mucn ,
cotton-growing in the no-bar zone. I
Houston Pot. .
E
T
OF ITS
In Production of Copper, Pur
chase of Bonds and Sub
scriptions to War, Record
Shines Forth
By P. U. MILXES.
PRESCOTT. Ariz.. Dec. 28 Tbe
record made by the great Verde min
ing district of Yavapai county, Ari-
mines, according to a recent issue of
the Verde Copper News, published at
Jerome.
The Gadsden, which is being devel
oped by the Calumet & Arizona com
pany, will soon be, equipped with a
pump capable of handling the present
water development as well as that of
the future. Recently, General Manager
V. B. Gohring and Master Mechanic
Vill R. McKee. of the C. & A., visited
the property and decided that a pump
of 600 to 100O gallons capacity waa
required. The present pumps are lift
ing 31S gallons a minute and it is cer
tain that much more water will be de
veloped as soon as the west crosscut
from lne 1200-foot station reaches the
fault which Is its objective. The cross
cut has advanced some 600 feet and
it has just passed through another
sheared zone of quartz porphyry with
a little schist. There is much miner
ulizatlon in the form of iron and iron
oxide. This makes at least three sum
zones throu;h which the crosscut has
pasgej. A1, of ,nem look promising
enough to warrant drifting, but this
will not be done until the main nortn-
and-soutn fault is reached. This is
probably 600 or 700 feet ahead of the
present face of the crosscut.
Shortly after the first of the year,
the interurbun line between Jerome
and Clarkdaie will be in operation ac
cording to information given by W. H.
Archdeacon of the Verde Tunnel
Smelter ailroad company. The grad
ing for the new line is nearly com
pleted and the rails have been laid
for more than half the distance be-
, , hase tickets to Jerome Junction h
way of Jerome and the C V. & P.
road. The interurbun schedule wiil be
so arranged that close connections
will be made. It Is possible that this
service will be extended to Cotton
wood and Verde.
Without delay the Verde Combina
tion shaft will be' sunk 200 feet deep
er and development of th promising
showing opened on the It) SO will be
prosecuted vigorously on th new
level. While sinking Is going on
work will be continued in the No. 8
southwest drift on the 1080, which has
j already exposed a big body of schist
carrying pyrite and chalcopyrite. Thla
work was the principal recommenca
ticn of Manager Dave Morgan in his
annual report which was unanimously
adopted. The report shows that for
the year ending October 31, the Cora-
j bination company accomplished 5i39
I feet of driftine and crosscuttine at a
cost of $16 67 a foot. The shaft was
sunk 402 feet at $63 91 a foot. The
management is confident that within
another year, a producing copper will
be made of the Verde Combination.
The Consolidated Arizona at Hum
boldt, is averaging around 1.000.000
pounds a month or 12.000.0O0 pounds
per annum. Under the prevailing price
for copper this ou'nut has a net value
of ,,.545 000 equivalent to about 90
j 014 In 191? and 1a more than four
I tlmo H iviil.-mil rnnirompnt nf fM va
psny's recently acquired Swast'ka
silver property, located a short dis
tance from Its smelter. At the c'am
of 191T ore reserves at the Blue Bel!
mine were estimated at 53rt.80J ton
VlRD
DISTRIC
PROUD
RECORD
WAR
or 3 l0 nt r ,nd $2 ,B M
;
(Continued on Pt Tri THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 29, 1918.
T
H
TEN MILLION
PUT IN PLANTS
OF STATE 1918
FIRST MOTHER TO GREET U. S. TROOPS THE MOTHER OF LIBERTY
OF TWENTY BIG
COMPANIES LOW
OBJECTIVE VERDE
BILL BECOME LAW
LSf
II
Total Pounds of Copper Made
Was 9,000,000 Below Thai
of October; Two Holidays
Largely Responsible
State Engineer Atwood Dis
cusses His Attendance at
American Association of
Highway Officials
Coming Near Ledge and the
Ground Is Showing Higher
Mineralization With Daily
Progress
Smelters, Mills and Mine
Equipments Are Vastly In
creased by Owners to Meet
Demands of War
TWO
NOV
R OUTPU
MINNS
FOR
CROSSCUT
HEARS
AR ZONA
SHOULD
CHI A!
PROPERTY
0UUH1
BOSTON. Mass., Dec. 28. Produc
tion of 20 of the leading copper mines
of America for November shows a
reduction of approximately 9,000,000
pounds from that of October, output
amountine to 145.000.000 pounds as
compared with 154,000,000. With but
Tery few exceptions, mining compan
ies reported substantial reductions.
This lower production, however, can
be largely traced to the fact that with
the signing of the armistice abroad
impromptu holidays were declared by
the miners to give the most welcome
event a fitting reception. Moreover,
Thanksgiving was another day which
broke into the schedule, making prac
tically three days in which operations
were eithtr wholly suspended or else
partly curtailed.
Utah Copper reported the largest
drop in output, showing 16.500.000
pounds in October, a decline of 2,500,
000 pounds. Anaconda, Phelps Dodge,
Calumet & Hecla. Kennecott and the
porphyries all record lower produc
tion. Chile and Greene Cananea, how
ever, piled up satisfactory totals, the
former running approximately 1,300,
000 and the latter 800,000 pounds
above October.
For the 11 months of the current
year production totals 1,6S7,S"7,521
pounds as compared with 1,577,008,202
pounds in the same period of 1917, an
increase of 110.96S.319 pounds. This
substantial gain in output for 1918 is
directly due to the fact that a year
ago a number of the mines were either
shut down for several months or else
running at greatly reduced produc
tion owing to a strike of the miners.
Following are the production fig
ures for November of 20 of the lead
ing mines as compared with October
with the totals for the 11 months this
year and the same period of 1917:
November October
Anaconda
Phelps Dodge
Utah
C.&H.& Sub.
Kennecott
Inspiration ....
Ray Cons
Chile
Nevada
Chino
Ceiro de Pasco
Greene Can . .
Miami
Cal. & Ariz. ...
New Cornelia
Granby
Old Dominion
East Butte . . .
Shattuck-Ariz. ,
Shannon ,
.22.600,000
.15.7S5.011
.16.500.000
.10.499,711
.12.146.000
. 7.500,000
. 7.020.000
. 9.S54.000
. 6,601.000
. 6.464.2S5
. 5.398,000
. 5,100,000
. 4.3S2.730
. 3.S9S.000
. 3,264.000
.2.600,v)00
. 2.101,000
. 2.100,000
583.655
CS4.000
23,450.000
16,72S,3il
19,000,000
11.974.92J
13.286,000
8.12j,000
7.490.OOS
8.548.000
6,700.000
7,063,000
&.836.O00
4.300,000
i.945.178
4.712.000
3.644,000
2.549,474
2.373.0O0
1.S23.U00
744.069
800,000
Totals
Estimated.
.145,0S2.392 154.092,021
VERDE DISTRICT
PROUD OF ITS
RECORD IN WAR
(Continued from 1'ase One)
and silver and of the De Soto mine
G.2'J0. tons of 2 per cent copper and
12 nold and silver.
During the past few weeks, the
Western Copper company in the May
er district has attracted much atten
tion. This property is located four
miles from Mayer and lying immedi
ately between the Uinghampton and
Copper (juetn holdings on the north
and the famous old Stoddard group on
the south. If location counts for any
thing, this group constitutes one of the
choicest and most promising .proper
ties in the Mayer districi. us it strad
dles the great outcrop 7oo feet wide
between tne two best known and most
productive mines yet developed in
that district and the surface showings
are said to be attractive. The prop
el ty has beeu developed to a email
extent by a number of shallow shafts
and open tuts, all showing mineral,
some of which were put down as locu
tion work and annual assessment
Vork and others sunk by the present
owners to determine the proper loca
tion tor a permanent working shaft.
On the south end of the property, not
far lrum the Stoddard line, several
bhort tunnels have beeu driven into
the 3chist at cither side of the por
phyry ecu tact and all these show the
same degree of mineralization that is
expected in the. shafts and open cuts.
Sevcial cligiiieeis have examined the
ground and all have agreed that its
present possibilities are well worth ex
ploring and have agreed also that tile
location chosen by the present om tiers
for the permanent shaft is the best
on the ground. The property is con
nected vi'h Mayer by a road whicn
will require but little repair to make
it an easy and inexpensive matter to
transport supplies to the mine and
ores to th1 smelter. The groiind pre
sents another advantage in tint fai'tms tinn ha
that there is a considerable dip in the - really largi
servii e between Hiiighatnptou and the
Stoddard and it is expe'teil that tlie
ore bodies will be found at least
depth, possibly 3'Mi teet. th in in the
former which is now taking out ore
from the 60o level.
HENNESSY
' Undertaking Parlors
PHONE 16. OK ST.
PHOENIX, Ariz., lKn 2S. State
Engineer B. M. Atwood has returned
from Chicago where he attenled the
American Association of State High
way officials from December 9 to 13
inclusive. The sessoin was marred
by the sudden death on the first day
of the conference of Lagon Waller
Page, director of the United States
office of public roads and rural engi
neering, who already bad done so
much for the cause of good roads. The
cause of death was heart failure.
That morning, said Mr. Atwood, Mr.
Pa,;e fell while crossing the lobby of
the La Salle hotel, but was assisted
to his room. He seemed to recover,
but he stated that he would not at
tend the conference that day. Later
in the day a telephone message was
sunt from the meeting inquiring as to
the condition of Mr. Page. It was an
swered by him. He said he was feel
ing quite well.
Within a few minutes he sank to the
floor again. An assistant carried him
to his bed and sent for a doctor, but
when he arrived Mr. Page was dead.
On the receipt of the news of his
death the" conference adjourned and a
banquet which had beeu arrauged was
cancelled.
Mr. Atwood said that the meeting
was the most successful of the asso
ciation bad ever had. Or. of its most
important acts was the adoption of a
bill which had been prepared by Mr.
Page amending the Sankbead law by
providing a larger sum of money for
roi-.d construction and amending the
cl.iuse confining const rue (ion to poi
loads by authoiizing the construction
or iitiprn 't-inent of roads which i&ay
bacome post roads.
The original federal aid bill, known
as the Bankhcad bill, has been pre
pared by the association. The amend
ed bill had been drafted by Mr. Page.
He was engaged on it some weeks ago
when Mr. Atwood visited him in
Washington. Mr. Page told him that
he had already conlerred with Secre
tary Houston and Secretary Baker re
garding it. and they tad given it
their approval. He had not then seen
the president with reference to it,
but he did so afterward and there
have been extensively printed letters
by the president and the two secre
taries fully endorsing the good roads
movement.
The proposed amendment, like the
oilfinal li:l. provides for tiie appor
tionment to the states of road funds
annually, the apportionments incroas
ing through a seven-year period. Un
der the Hankhead bill the apportion
ments to Arizona for that period
would be $1,027,703. 2S. Under the
amended bill this state's share of the
fund would be $8,221,622.62. The ap
portionment would be made in the
same manner as is now provided on
the basis of area, mileage and popu-j
lation. The first. name factor in the
uxricoi ui ursLnii siait-s as in-1
iruuuceu into tue piesent Lnil with' a
great deal of dilaculty over tl,e ob
jection of eastern reiireseruative.-;. In
the late conference it was avlii the
subject ot dispute, but again the west
won.
NEW CORNELIA
LEADER IN BIG
ACCOMPLISHMENT
(00111111111x1 from J'jisu One)
1000 feet witn a ia:ge shaft to reach
what is be'lieved to be extension at Uie
Miami Copper company ore body on
its end line, where drill holes put
down last year established the pres
ence of ore. Much is expected from
this development. The Arizona IJing
hampton in the Humboldt district has
a large working shaft and either an
aerial tramway or a railroad line to
Humboldt smelter is ahead for next
year. Kit her rail or tram will cut
present haulage distance in half. The
mine has the ore developed and the in
creased facilities are well warranted.
Consolidated Arizona Smelting com
pany minus in the Humboldt district
made fine progress with development
of high grade ore bodies on their low
er levels this year, and should profit
lmporlautly from operations next
year. The smelter and other reduc
tion plants of the company at Hum
boldt are in excellent physical con
dition, alterations and extensions dur-
hj; the last two years having made
the property over to one of the best
emiipped and most etifcient lor its
work in (he we.it. In the Tucson dis
t:iit the Keiningcr-Freeinan mine is
crowding a-uad with well directed!
work and is being watched with w id1:
interest. The situation in the mineral
this time is lending ni'.ieh encourage
ment to those who believe that the
piimerty will pro.e the turning point
in the hi.-tory of the district, which to
lacked development, oi ;
and persistent ore body.'
hi t'i" 1 "ii L-cTi ia district silver-lead,
! mii'lni: has Ii.kI a shuTp r'ival and;
j tin re is tin' piospect i'r important cle-j
.(!(. ; mcpts ihinng lii' next year,
i In the Gold Country !
I'nilccl Kasteni and Tom lieed mines
i:i tlx (l.itiiian ili-.irict h.ive scored a
'ar i:i point of keeping niii':rl
Mill tail', to l;i"lr rcsoui(ti iu ore
i ii li ii I In- opi ,i.ng (,f new- country.
V ti.i s:i im- '.in An y incci-cd their
g M plod.iciintl above t.'i.H o! 1!U7.
;..i: iiic.it !i -x been .tiMcl t.j lil tin
oioud npcii vit'.i result ef irjiica c t
i-con i it . I To Lie ins of the camp
a . . .
The
Next to their own mothers, wives
and sweethearts, the most wel
come sight to the U. S. soldier
boys returning from overseas is
have in all ways been handled vvith 1
sk''l That the producers kept along:
witt. their output of metal and their;
development in;spiie of discouraging
genual conditions reflects high cour-:
age end farsighted loyalty. Labor has
been high, supplies Jiigh and freight;
rates much advanced, while the mark-;
et value ot the gold produced has re
nmii.ed at the level of normal times. ;
Nevertheless, gold production was one j
of the most important factors the gov-1
ernmeiit had to consider during the
war ieriod. With the war over goldj
is a still bigger factor and in the re
adjustment period iias a tremendous
pa-t to play. Every additional ounce
mined in tue country means greater
prestige for the latter and greater fa
cility for the return of its people to
uninflated high prospeiity in a nor
mal period. The Oatinan district
doubtless has more mines to make
and under the prospecting and devel- J
opment that have been continuous
Ithcugh lacking the loud heralding ofif-eental agency engaged in sav-,
the boom days of th camp, there has
been encouraging findings fromwhich
! important things are anticipated dur
ing next year.
DUNDEE PLANS
TO DEVELOP ITS
CARBONATE ORES
(Columned from lge iii'i
treating its carbonates on a big scaie.
No announcement has been made j
along this linet but the f-ct that steps ;
are being taken to develop carbonates j
oeiow uie sunace a;iu teat mans to i
titasure the surface deposit are un
der way, lends color to the rumors.
The present depth of the shaml
750 feet and 50 gallons of water are i
being pumped every minute. Every j
foot of depth
gained means a little,
In order to avoid in-1
more wrt-.r.
creasing pumping expenses as ur as . fulure peaceful purouit of industry in : tion of the army and navy conducted
possible. Engineer Defty d.-cided to i this country and for the saving in-1 impcrtant work, relating to balloon
eliminate one of the two shifts thats.eau f killing of men has come out gases. This work included the de
have been working in the shaft. Vl( this w titer of death-dealing experi- velopment of certain products for use
The U. V. Extension haulage tun-1 nients. Is the claim of the bureau of In balloons that can bo obtained from
nel passes along the south side of the i mines. Certain experiments w ith del-! natural gas. No more can be said
Dundee property, i60 leet below the
shaft collar. This tunnel has already
drained that couMry to a large ex
tent and when sinking of the Dundee
tunnel was resumed a few weeks ago
there was no. water at all in the bot
tom. It is ejpected that when the
portal end of the tunnel is connected
with the mine end the country wiil be
entirelv diuuied down to the tunnel.
CRIPPLED ENGINE CUTS
SHIPMENTS TWIN BUTTES
TL'CSON. Ariz., Dec. 28. Twin
Buttts mine of the E. G. Bush inter
ests will show souio decline in ship
ment of ore the present month be
cause of transportation diHiculties i
with which there has been contention.
A disabled locomotive, necessary new
parts for which have been delaed in
arrival, has kept the mine out of its
customary hau'.age facilities, the use
of a borrowed Southern Pacific en
gine available but once a week, cut
ting down the service.
ihc
iV'S a ($f;
Statue of Liberty, picture taken from an
the Statue of Liberty. The joy of
the returning troops, pent up for
days while at sea, bursts its bounds
when the statue looms up on the
TO ENGINE
OF WAR'S WRATH
Urbanization Or MerCV
pnrai Tim Mnrk n
liES
BUREAU
TURNED
- r - w "'.were made under the supervision of
Aid War Work While
J-t
America rougni y
WASHINGTON. Dec. 28. How a
ing the lives t miners and promot
ing the welfare. of the industry, at the'
call to arms was instantly turned into ! '.
an engine of death and destruction ,
to enemies, is detailed in the annual
report of the Pureau of Mines, de
partment of the interior, by Director
Van. H. Manning.
The report, which closes with the
t ....... m i a ... i. ; i ' i -: i I
naiai juue u, ime me i uueu
States was still at war, tells of the
j strenuous part played by the bureau .
oi mines in assisting to nulla up ma
chines of death that would not have j
been felt with its fullest force by the
Hun untii Uie following spring. With '
the cessation of war, the Germans, it
is saia. win never oe ame to teaiize
what the full force of America's mili
tary might would have been, or the
many devices and methods that were
the result of American ingenuity, forj
the war department is keeping the
nest ot tnese a proiouim secret.
I .ii t.ie saints utile uieui jkuuu mi iuu
icate instruments known us micro
phones and geophones, in order to
direction and the distance of enemy
mining work in tunneling and location
cf enemy artillery no matter where
placed, has disclosed that these same
instruments can he used in determin
ing the location, of men entombed in
mines following disaster. It is ex
pected that if the. men have the pres
ence of mind tf make: even a slight
noise, the rescuers listening with
the.-,e deWces wll be able at once to
locate the men iind begin the rescue
work.
Early in the war every experiment
station of the Sun an in the mining
districts cf the country at once closed
its
peace activities ami marshalled
for war. Especially pressing scien
tific problems were allotted to the dif
ferent stations, and w here the bureau
did not have all the men necessary,
it turned over its laboratoiies and
equipment to Uie men assigned by
the war and navy departments. In
this way a central-control laboratory
LARGEST FLYING COAT IN TIIE
American B)ius boat, the Cuilisa N. C.
-
airplane.
horizon. The above picture of the
famous statue on Bedloe's Island
was taken from an airplane. The
tents and buildings of Fort Wood
are visible.
for the testing of materials of war was
established at the Platlsburg station
of the bureau by the ordnance depart-
ment. Steel for cannon, material for
j cartridges and other materials used
j by the ordnance were here tested.
I The war department was determined
that no soldier, in the emergency of
i battle, would be able to say that his
! gua failed him. because of faultv ma
terial. The war department next seized
i upon me opportunity or using tne bu
reau's explosive station a few miles
. I from J'ittsburg and there many im
m portant. yet secret tests into the ac-
ticn of new and deadly explosives,
' the DUreau s and armies' experts. In-
. frtrnmHnn if tUo o i i. L' , i ... rw. .... i .-. o n
f f,.-MH.I?fc KllliaULt
to the war-making powers was ob
tained.
Early in February. 1917, when the
war between the United States and
the central powers seemed inevitable.
- i senlc ia tie
j study of poisonous gases and gas
masks to the war department, which
was accepted. This was the begin
ning of the great organization of 1700
chemists who constituted the chemi
cal warfare service at the American
university at Washington and whose
jurisdiction was afterwards turned
over to the war department. The bu-
reau claims that as a result of its
work. the United States was months
aheau of where it otherwise would
have heen tid tht Knlriiera all hntl
gas-masks of such quality that the
u-.,, ,ir,,.,.t, l.h
a statement to the effect t'.at the
gassing of a soldier was to be co'n-
' i sidered in the future as a matter of
ignorance. Still further it is claimed
by tiie bureau that through the en
ergy of its research organization, the
large scale production of toxic gases
w;;s rr head of the supply of shells.
Through its investigation of natural
sanea uie uuieau w uu llie co-ouera-
about tills wor' at this time.
it was soon found that there would .
be a tremendous demand by the mili-
tary authorities fcr the so-called war;
minerals. With the havoc wrought j
by the submarines the world was
slicrt of shipping and the United
States was informed that these miner-1
als should come from American mines. 1
many of which were either inade
quately developed or not developed at
al, because this country had been de-1
pending on foreign sources of supply. :
The bureau was called upon to furn-!
ifii these minerals and w ithin a few
months there had been developed a j
sufficient quantity of some to supply I
all war needs and a surplus of others.
"America has been discovered by j
Americans, said Secretary Lane, w hen j
he heard how the industry has re-j
spouded to Uie war call.
How serious the food question has j
become is shown in the fact that a 1
.housewife announces a new way to!
prepare carrots for the table. i
WORLD
. - ..
L
J That the crosscut being driven from
I the 173-foot station of the Verde
Squaw shaft is nearing the ledge
which is Its objective, is shown by
the fact that the face is now in high
ly mineralized quartz-porphyry and
schist. Chalcopyrite is freely sprin
kled throughout the mass and all the
rock now being broken down is be
ing saved against the day when the
Squaw has a concentrator or smelter.
AH of it would pay well to concen
trate, says the Verde Copper News.
Although this showing might with
truthfulness be termed a "strike," the
Verde Squaw management regards it.
only a good indication that the ledge
itself will be high-grade ore and place
the property in the producing class
amostl at once.
Formation Softening
Quartz-Porphyry is the principal for
mation and it is softening with every
round of shots. Moreover, the miner
alization is steadily increasing. Prac
tically all the mineralization is in the
form of chalcopyrite. which is freely
dissemirlfed through the mass ifl
flecks and small chunks. Now and
then galena appears and much of the
rock looks as though it should run
well In silver. Born it e is seen occa
sionally. The crosscut itself is mak
ing no mater to speak of though the
rock is saturated when it is broken
down.
Tee face oi the crosscut was 107
fenl from the shaft yesterday and it
is believed that the ledge cannot be
more than fifty or seventy-five feet
ahead. The country rock at this point
has straightened up and is standing at
an allele of approximately eighty de
grees. This is taken as an indica
tion that the ledge, which on the sur
face pitches toward the shaft at an
angle of sixty degrees, has also
straightened.
Fast Work
An average speed of eight feet a
day is being maintained now. so not
many days will elapse before the
I crosscut taps the immense ledge, that
is some seventy feet wide on the sur
face. At a depth of less than fifty
feet, in a winze, this ledge runs bet
ter than four per cent copper. Im
mediately upon the upper side is a
g'eat iron blowout that runs high in
copper. The way the crosscut is bead
ed it will intersect the ledge and thet
should strike the downward exten
sion of the blowout.
THEY WERE SOME KILLERS.
A Frenchman was waiting at
railroad station in Ireland when
couple of natives sat down beside
him.
Said one: "Sure. Pat. it's down to
Ktlirmrv I've heen anil (in nn mv wav i
back to Kilpatrick."
"Ye don't say so," said the other.
"It's meself that's just after bein'
down to Kilkenny, and I stop here a
bit before 1 go to Kilmore."
"What assassins:" exclaimed the
Frenchman. "Would that I were safely
back in France:"
Bisbee Fuel and
Feed Company
Phone 121
Office Below Copper Queen Hotel
COA
WOOD
Bisbee Fuel and
Feed Company
Phone 121
O.Tice Bctow Copper Queen Hotel
Oifv Dve Works
0 SV
PHONE 731)
In spite of high cost of materials
and labor and of Tarious other re
tarding influences, new equipment
with value of more than ten million
dollars has been brought into mining
service in Arizona during this year.
The largest single item in the total
represents the new United Verde Ex
tension in the Verde district. A large
amount of money was spent in the
same district in bringing in higher
capacity and greater efficiency at the
United Verde smelter, work that con
tinues in progress with splendid re
sults attending. Douglas smelters of
Phelps Dodge and C. & A. also re
ceived large expenditures for better
ments that have much increased effi
ciency of plant operation. At Miami,
completion was made of Important ad
dition to Miami Copper company'
power plant, and at Inspiration there
was considerable expenditure for mine
equipment betterments, as there was
also at the Old Dominion and other
properties in the Globe district. These
expenditures made larger production
ot copper immediately available, at
the same time providing permanent
gains in plant efficiency.
New Milling Operations.
The year added two new concentra
tors of large tonnage to the number
operating in the state, while several
mailer plants were erected and put
in operation, inclusive of those on the
World's Fair and Flux mines ia the
Patagonia district. One great - new
plant was brought under construction,
that of Phelps Dodge in the Warren
district, designed to treat Sacramento
hill steam shovel ores. The two large
plants put in operation were those of
Ray Hercules and the Shattuck cop
per companies. Both have come into
the delivery of excellent results, fol
lowing the period of minor operations
and readjustment common to breaking
in of new equipment. Steel and ma
chinery for the Phelps Dodge mill U
arriving on the site, where grading is
far along and some construction un
der way, but speed originally planned
for this work and preparation of Sac
ramento hill for production has been
slowed down by reason of federal re
quests and requistiocs of materials
from time to time.
Conservation Advanced.
Progress made in impro.ements by
both smelting and milling enterprises
in the state in 1918 represent Ions
strides in conservation. All the ex
penditures have meant greater recov
ery of values, coupled in the main
with lesser requirements for man
power and the making available fo
lower grade ores, points upon which
the mines, mills and smeltefs were
compelled to concentrate during the
war period. Expert mental work in
all divisions is unceasing and there
is much that will be brought into prac
tice within the next few years that
will have advantage for the mining in
dustry generally. With these ad
vances there is proportionate gain to
ore reserves, because of the making
available of lewer grades than previ
ously amenable to profitable treat
ment. 5
I
J
CLEANING
PRESSING
Opposite Y. W. C. A. THE EISBF.E DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 29, 1918. T
News of Social Circles
Christmas eve at the Copper Queen
hotel will long be remembered and
talked of alter the little children that
saw Santa Claus there that nit lit
have grown older ana Santa no
longer remains a mystery. A beauti-
home of Miss Ijnra . Funkhauser,
January 14. 191S. Those present at
the t lub meeting were: Misses I'.etlie
Hutler, Maud Brazil. Opal Core, Laura
Funkhauser. Jennaveve John. Edith
Kennedy. Evelyn Kennedy, Mrs. T. ('.
There was a discission of the neces
i sary work to be done and it Was decid
ed to carry out plans which were brok
en by the quarantine. Covers were
, laid for 21 at the Y Christinas morn-
iiig. when the House Girls breakfast
led in the Blue room. The decorations
! of green boughs 'and carnations to
gether with a cheerful grate tire add
ed much to the homey atmosphere.
ful tree, towering loliily to the ceil-!lunlap. Mrs. William Truax, Mrs. M
Ing. occupied the center of the lobby,
illuminated with soft lights of pale
pink and blue and rose, twinkling like
stars, with presents on the tree, under
the tree, around the tree and every
conceivable place. Presents for
every one, old and young.
It was a sight to make one wish
that the years would roll away and
'"let one be a child again just for to
night" to see each little, eager face
beam as Santa called out their name.
There was no timidity, for all the
children knew that Santa Claus was
a friend to little boys and girls and
rushed over to claim their presents.
Santa had a kind word Tor every kid
die and the next day those words
were told over and over to each little
playmate that wasn't so fortunate as
to have seen old Santa himself.
Before Santa came an the lights
were turned out except the lights on
the Christmas tree, then there was
a, tinkling of little silver bells and, be
hold, Santa Claus, jolly ana blustering,
was in our midst. Startled exclama
tions and wide-eyed amazement greet
ed the visitor who. marched in with
his pack on his back, simply jammed,
full of nice things. Nuts and candy
and oranges, and pretty gifts what
more could be asked ? Then, after all
the gifts were distributed and every
body was as happy as could be, Santa
gathered up his empty pack, said
G. Lusa, Lucy Caretto.
Charles W. Abernathy and Edna
Voncille Lyth were married Thursday
evening, December 26, the Rev. C. W.
Harshman officiating. The wedding
occurred at the home which Mr.
Abernathy had fitted up for their res
idence in Cochise, there being present
only the immediate family of the con
tracting parties. Mr. Abernathy is an
employe of the C. & A. company, and
the bride's home had been with her
parents beyond Hereford.
9fc Sfc 3
C. W. Miller of the Eleventh cav
alry, Douglas, and Miss Eunice Harts
field of Bisbee were married at the
Methodist parsonage In Bisbee, De
cember 15. At the same place, De
cember 27. .were married Frank Col
lier Schell of the Eleventh cavalry
and Mary Adell Booth of Douglas.
The Epworth league of the M. E.
church held their regular business
meeting at the home of Misses Rilla
and Vinnie Wacek, Higgins hill, on
Friday evening, the cabinet members
and several friends attending. After
the usual business problems were dis
cussed, reports read and the 1919
officers elected as follows: Presi
dent, E. V. Clark, first vice-presdent,
Rena V. Albright, second vice-presi-
good-bye. the lights went out, and Vlk:r I "
dent, Genevieve Stimson; secretary,
with a tinkle of those same little bells,
Santa had vanished as suddenly as
he came, not to return until the world
is all white with snow and Christmas
comes again In 1919
Miss Chown; treasurer, Rilla Wacek;
pianist, Miss Kessel, and chorister,
Vinnie Wacek. Several songs were
Frank Wheeler of Warren was the!?""5' t- JU'"'"K mi. especially
kind gentleman that impersonated Old 'u7, hT ' ,B"SS Mrs' ?rf,3'
St. Nicholas so well that even the!?"8"?".0' .fl"01' Bowles very kindly
,fti3ieu in mis jmri oi uie program.
grownups almost believed.
The Anona club will meet with Miss
Fioreace Buckett Friday evening, De
cember 27.
What the A. F. F. W. Is doing for
The most touching number of all was
a ukeieie solo rendered by Miss Gene
vieve Stimson, who, of course, re
ceived a hearty encore. This was fol
lowed by a very pleasing selection by
Ike league jazz band. Refreshments
were then served and an enjoyable
The teachers of the public schools
and their friends were entertained at
the Y. W. C. A. with a Christmas
party last Monday eening. After the
Bible story and prayer Mrs. Chnrlotte
Gill assumed charge of the program,
and the young ladies in the chorou
rendered some delightful Christmas
carols, one of the special numbers on
the program being the "Candle Serv
ice," which was very impressive. The
solos, "Silent Night," "The Birthday
of a King," were beautifully sung by
Mrs. Marjorie Parks and Miss Lenore
Allen. Folk tales, "The Legend of St.
Christopher," and "The Sabots of Lit
tle Wolf" were interestingly told by
Misses Ada Clark and Jean Bertnneau.
After the program the guests were in
vited to meet Mr. and Mrs. Santa
Claus, who presented each with a
small gift from a sack of wonderful
proportions. This caused much merri
ment and broke the ice for a general
good time the remainder of the even
ing. The decorations of green bougiis
and manzanita, holly and mistletoe,
the bright bells at windows and over
doorways were artistically arranged.
The very glimpse of the Christmas
tree, beautifully decorated with its
red, white and blue lights enthused
one at once. Those who aided greatly
towards the evening's enjoyment were
Misses Anne Bihler, Yda Paff, Edith
Lowe, Pearl Easly and Barbara Wat-kins.
Great credit is due Mrs. McGee, who
was responsible for a well cooked
dinner serVed in the cafeteria Christ
mas day. The Christmas decorations,
together with the music added much
to the enjoyment of those not privi
leged to spend the holidays at home.
devastated France may be read of j evening spent by all
ana a8 uuu means m wuku iui
help, in the Weekly Bulletin of the! At a quict wedding, celebrated Fri-
work in France and America, isued
from national headquarters. 16 East
Thirty-ninth street. New York city, by
the American committee for devastat-
day evening fit 7:30 o'ciock "n Grace
Episcopal church in Tucson. Aliss Ella
Greene Sneed, daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. J. H. Martin nf Horofnri) A)
ed France; Inc. Letters are sent in j was married to Capt. Frank Lewis
each day from the poor that have Seen Culin! Jr v s A vouaWP son of
given help in that stricken land. Mrs. Mr. and Mr8 F L Cu,in of Tucson
William K. Vanderbilt. with her as- Tne ceremony. which was performed
sistants, is working m the Paris bv Dr. w. j Dixon rector , Grace
office of the American fund for ! ..hurch. c. itnesH h ..i ..,
French wounded and sends in reports j immediate families of the bride and
that are published in this bulletin and
may be obtained by writing to New
York to the above address.
The following is a letter sent froia
Taris by the president, Anne II. Dike;
of tlie A. F. F. W. to Mrs. M. E. M.
Frantzen, state chairman:
"Paris, November 29, 1918.
groom. Following the conclusion of
the service, the wedding party ad
journed to the Culin home, in the
Winoca Terrace tract, where an in
formal supper was served. Captain
and Mrs. Culin departed on the mid
night train for Camp Lee, near Peters
burg. Va., the present station of the
"mm M h. l nanT7pn srare iTlm-ir-i mi.- ...
...... , fiuuiu. me weaaing or tne young
man, Bisbee, Ariz. , people, both of whom have a host of
"My Dear Mrs. Frantzen. The gen-. friends in Pima and Cochise counties
erous gift of 500 given by the people i marks the culmination f .
of the Warren district has been cabled j romance. Captain Culin and his bride
to us from the New York headquar-l were fellow students at the University
te' . . . . . of Arizona several years ago. where
A3 mcse ttinofiiig uajs unug the former took his degree of M. E.
niausc nrr .uugo m iub miuiai wltn the class of '16. Since leaving
and political situations, we realize j the university. Mrs. Culin who is a
more clearly lhan ever before upon j yoUng woman of rare charm and who
what a solid foundation of demand j js remembered as one of the very
and supply our work rests, and that j popular girls of the campus during
its greatest opportunity is before it. I her student days, has resided on the
yu " uouul nave ranch home of her parents near Here
lormea Dy tne .-New lorn otnee, we ford. Captain Culin, who obtained his
are now under the minister of the commission as second lieutenant in
interior, and have assigned to us the the infantry arm of the United States
canteens of Concy-le-Chateau. Vic-Our-, army, after competitive examination
Aisne and Soissons outside the city.;in the fall of 1916, has had rapid pro
The people are beginning to return; motion. He returned to this country
uiu tut. jwui iviucis vi riaiac, tu
find ruined homes, and the greatest
difficulty, eve a when they have
money, is getting food.
"As always, the question of trans
portation is the greatest one, and your
welcome gift makes it possible for us
to come a little nearer to the success
ful Answer rf fhat niwetirtn
"To be accurate, the $5U0 was noti V IV f A Vl3?
quite enough to buy a camionette in j tf J XX liUlt,o
this time of unebelievable prices, but i
the difference was gladly made up in Tne House Girls of the Y will hold
New York, and the camionette shall I ,heir regular Devotional Half-hour
be named as you suggest. We sball I Sunday morning at 10 o'clock. The
make it do such good and helpful j n,eetin De Iei &y Miss Easly.
work for these returning families and an1 Mre- Pirks, subject, "New Year's
for the almost more nafhotir- rf urn. Resolution."
Jng prisoners from Germany, who pass
through our district, that Camionette
M. E. M. Bisbee, will be a constant
expression of your sympathy and in
terest. Yours sincerely,
"ANNE M. DIKE.
'President.
The Churches
CHRISTIAN
Bible school, 10 a. m.
Morning service, 11 o'clock. Sermon
theme, "Looking Forward."
Evening service, 7:30 -o'clock. Sen
mon theme, "Making the New Year
Count."
Of Interest to Women
There are few things that are more
difficult to buy than a wrap for eve
ning wear which is suited to one's
own requirements and pocketbook.
with feathers. A straight piece of
tulle is caught at one end and pinned
into the hair with a jeweled pin.
wrapped lightly about Hie head ana
Few articles of wearing apparel are caught at the back with another pin
more essential to the wardrobe, espe-or continuing into p scarf around the
dully for the woman who goes out neck and shouluers. A Ian made of
in the evening, but the difficulty of ostrich leathers iiiounwd on amber
obtaining a distinctive wrap of this sticks would be very striking to vary
type is great at a moderate price. A i with this costume.
woman that is dressing on a war in
come must give very careful consid
eration to this problem. She may go
to the re'nnant counter in a large de
partment store and pick up at grealy
reduced prices, odd pieces of velvet,
satin or brocade and she will be sure
lo find some pretty silk for a lining.
Often one can find a very beautiful
piece of brocade or upholstery in the
upholstery department of a large shop
and occasionally one finds, a piece
that resembles an antique in coloring
and design. These pieces" are usually
twice as wide as dress material anJ
that makes them the more economical.
Fur, too, may be bought in remnants.
Almost every furrier has pieces of
mole, chinchilla, kolinsky and squii
rel left from coats and scarfs, and
these may be worked together to
make up bands and collars. As the
fur on an evening drap is not exposed
to wear and tear th.tse delicate scraps
may be used most successfully.
Nowad lys the evening wrap does
not have to be an elaborate affair of
Lrocado velvet or plush trimmed with
fur. Some of the loveliest models are
dyvetyn or velours and many of them
are without fur trimmings. A wrap
made up of a smart combination of
satin anl broadcloth, with the satin
used on the outside with the broad
cloth forming the lining. Made of
bright sapphire blue satin lined with
soft French blue broadcloth. The
wrap is designed like a double cape,
v ith the should cape gathered across
the back, narrowing at the front. Em
broidery in sapphire and French blue
wool ruii with touches of silver is
used, and a band of the plain satin
makes a smart border for the entire
wrap. ' For a warmer climate, linaJ
with a lighter material than broad
cloth would be more practical.
The evening head-dress has come
back into fashion. Turbans made of
beads are very elaborate and can
easily be made- at home. Beads and
gold and silver lace and often trimmed
FIRST BAPTIST
Bible school, 9:45 a. m.
Sermon by the pastor, 11
Theme, "The Value of the Soul."
B. Y'. P. U. meeting, 6:30 p. m.
Sermon by the pastor, 7:30 p.
Theme, "The Loss of the Soul
Gain of the World Contrasted."
Prayer meeting and business meet
ing Wednesday evening, 7:30.
Ccme and worship with us at this
homelike church, i
H. C. COMPTON, Pastor.
a. m.
ni.
and
ST. JOHNS EPISCOPAL
Sunday school, 9:43 a. m.
Morning prayer and address,
o'clock.
Wednesday, choir practice, 7 p. m.
JACOB M. WHITE. Rector.
11
nly a few weeks aco. after nin.net
j a year of strenuous service in France,
ins organization being in the front
line trenches much of the time in the
concluding months of the war. Cap
tain Culin's older brother is Lieut.
Com. John L. Culin, U. S. N.
A committee of Hi-Y boys and girls
are all making great plans for a
watchnight. party at the Y Tuesday
night.
Early Christmas morning several
young ladies from the Y. W. C. A.
Mr. and Mrs. Henrv PonDen were joined the number who went carollinir.
the host and hostess at a dinner part.y ' taking with them a message of cheer
at the Copper Queen hotel on Christ-ias they wended their way from hill
mas night. The table was effectively to ni". UP the canyon. Many homes
decorated with w arm red flowers, tiny I were cheerfully lighted and cordial
Santas and artistic Christmas place I welcomes extended them.
cards. Covers were laid for 12 guests. '
Among those present were: Dr. and I Being unable to carry out plans for
Mrs. Scott. Mr. and Mrs. H. H. John-; Christmas tree on the tennis court
sou, Mr. and Mrs. S. C. Dic kinson, there was "open house" for the young
Miss Gertrude Crockett. Mr. Duncan, People both at the Y. W. C. A. and Y.
Mr. and Mrs. Bertram Brown and Mr. C A. Christmas eve Mr. Thomp
and Mrs. Henry Poppen. i son failed to secure a suitable tree
if. I after making several attempts to
The Christmas carols, under the 'reach the mountains through the
leadership of Miss Lillian Wagner, ' storm.
were very sweet and when the young!
voices were raised in song at the j The Hi-Y boys and girls entertained
early hour of 4:30 Christmas morn- with a Christmas party at the Y. W.
ing people came to the doors andjC. A. Saturday evening, December 21.
windows to listen. Those w ho sang j Games and original stunts created
were: Mesdames Parks, Cham-1 much merriment during the evening,
bers, Misses Easley, Lowe, Taff, Re-After the refreshments of home
gan, Bihler, Friedel and Johnnie: made doughnuts, hot chocolate and
Stewart. apples the boys and girls closed the
'evening's enjoyment with music and
Anona club met at the home of good rousing cheers for the entertain-
Miss Florence Buckett Friday ,cve- j ers.
nlni, rtai.amii 97 flan wora mgrlfll
for a dance to be given in the near
future. The evening was spent In
sewing, knitting and conversation.
There was a meeting of the execu
tion organization for relief of father
less children of France Friday after-
The next meeting will be at the noon in the Blu room of the Y.
METHODIST EPISCOPAL
Sunday school, 9:45 a. m.
Morning worship, 11 o'clock, "Inter
cession." Evening worship, 7:30 o'clock. "The
Discoveries of Prayer." Special
Christmas music.
Epworth League meeting, 6:30 p. m.
Union watchnight meeting at the
Methodist Episcopal church, from 7:30
byterian church and will begin each
day at 7:30 p. m. The prayer pro
gram issued by the federal council of
the churches of America will be fol
lowed and in addition to devotional ex
ercises an address will be delivered
each night by one of the pastors. The
Week of Prayer will be observed by
Christian churches all over the world,
and millions of Christians will partici
pate. A generous welcome to attend
is extended to all the people of Bis
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE
The Christian Science society of
Bisbee holds services in Odd Fellows'
hall every Sunday morning at 11
o'clock.
Wednesday evening testimony meet
ing at 8 o'clock.
The public is welcome, and invited
to attend. Subject for Sunday, Decern
ber 29, ('Christian Science."
A woman, seldom gees out in the 1
evening without a scarf and man;-'
of the very lovely scurfs are ein-
1 roiiicrel with gold, silver or beads'
if they do not havpeu to be in real
lace. One that cduld quite easily be
ini.ee :it home isjsiio'n ol colored net
embroidered in amethyst beads. A
straight piece is gathered at either
end and finished with tassels of sii-1
i or, crystal and auieihjsi beads.
Scarfj of this, type are worn the en
lire evening and not laid aside with'
one's wraps.
It must be admitted that women
have created for themselves simple
styles which are beconing much more
eo th:n anything more elaborate. Col
lars very open in front and hi"h in j
lnck, like the i'Aiiilon" collars, fame ;
the face, when worn with the bell
sb.iped hats makes a charming pic
ture. Charming models with nothing
more fanciful and original. Many of
the dresses are three-piece models, or
even four-piece, as sometimes a fichu
disguises the decollette of a dress
that would be too low for dinner or
the theater. Long jackets, almost ,
like cassocks, are worn. In the eve
ning for formal dinners one sees much
tulle or chiffon swathed around the
wearer, shewing one ankle and drag
ging on the side. These are weighed
with heavy embroideries or trimmed
with light fantastic flowers of ostrich
feathers., sometimes gray on light
green cr beige on black.
One sees women wearing pretty
blouses, made in the Greek style, in
crepe de chine or Georgette crepe,
the top of the neck anJ sleeves are
of black lace or beaded tulle, giving a ,
transparent effect. This is charming I
when seen on pretty shoulders, and j
particularly so with a frock of blue,
white or pink materials It is, in fact,
cne of the prettiest and most econom-,
ical of this winter's fashions. With !
these bio ises a simple skirt cf vel
vet or satin s worn. '
Sleeveless silk jersey dresses are
tlso worn They are loose fitting and
much liked by the most fastidious.
When these charming gowns are worn i
with the bell-shaped hats with round, '
moderately hign crowns, the effect is 1
very beautiful. I
REGISTERED BONDS OF THE FOURTH
LIBERTY LOAN ARE NOW READY FOR
DELIVERY TO THOSE WHO PAID IN
FULL WITH THEIR SUBSCRIPTION.
BARRETT"
Iver-Lastlc Roofiiii
See advertisement on inside cover of Saturday Evening
Post of August 3. We have a full car in stock-
Bisbee Lumber Co. inc.
EMIL MARKS, Mgr. Lowell Car Stop PHONE 25
Copper Queen Hotel and High-Class Cafe
The best of everything at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 60c luncheon daily. Also $ 1 .00 dinner from
5:30 to 7:30 p. m. Regular Board by the month, $45.00
HENRY POPPEN, MANAGER
Richard Glaze, Oph. D.N.D.
Practice Limited to Eye and Nerve
Disorders
Phone 156. Office and residence
first house west Masonic Temple,
Main street, Bisbee, Arizona.
Glasses fitted by latest methods.
L. J. OVERLOOK, Broker
Correspondents: Paine, Weber & Co., Boston, 2uluth, Calumet.
LOGAN L BRYAN, NEW YORK AND CHICAGO
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COFPER STOCK
to 8:30 o'clock. Reception and social I church.
PRESBYTERIAN
Sunday school, 9:45 a. m.
Morninir worship. 11 o'clock. Ser
mon topic, "The Light of the Closing
Year."
Evening worship. 7:30 o'clock. Ser
mon topic, "Conscience."
A generous welcome is extended to
everyone to attend the services of this
hour.
From 8:30 to 10 p. m., musical and
literary program; 10 to 10:30 p. m., re
freshments; 10 to 12 p. m., religious
services.
All those home on furlough are in
vited as guests of the evening.
C. W. HARSHMAN, Pastor.
ALLAN KRICHBAUM. Pastor.
NOTICE
Rev. H. T. Corey will hold services
Sunday evening in Warren.
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE
Informal Christian Science services
are held in Warren In the old Warren
WEEK OF PRAYER company building, corner Tener and
The several churches of Bisbee will! Arizona streets, at 11:30 Sunday
unite in the observance of the WeekJ morning. A cordial invitation is ex
of Prayer. January 6 and 10 inclusive. tended to all. Subject for today,
The meetings will be held in the Pres-"Christian Science."
POPE OBSERVES PEACE WITH HIGH MASS
fc y
ir -7-" "---5 EhZZZZZ
m w mi mum i.i ii ii i ii mw
m M.. A W .: .....
This remarkable photograph show the celebration cf solemn hie;ti
mass in Rome nfter the signing of the armistice. The arrow points to
l'ope Benedict XV, who is reading ths mass.
Dr. Harriet I. Johnson
OSTEOPATHIC PHYSICIAN .
Diseases of women and children a
specialty. Office over Gilman's
Jewelry Store. Phone 768.
DR. EDWARD OMAN
Chiropractor and Osteopath
NERVOUSNESS AND RHEUMA
TISM A SPECIALTY
Office in Johnson Block, opposite
Johnson Add. Car Stop.
L.
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
That Great Warrior Who Wailed
"The Day the Day Is Lost"
had only cur sympathy and condolence.
Were it anything else, we could have re
covered the missing item for him through
an Ad in The Review Classified Columns.
Gas Fired Water Heater
For Attaching
to Your
Range Boiler
Provides abundant supply of
hot water at reasonable cost.
Call at our store and ask for
demonstration, or make re
quest for representative to call
upon you.
m ! !
h h
U i I
;i 3
-; ! '
5j! ' !
tit 4 i
I! : !
If
s
Bisbee Improvement Co.
L
1
m If
FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 29, 1918.
OlflV
War
tamps
Make Good Your Pledges
There are but two days remaining in which to raise
the District quota, and this community, which
has always been to the fore in war activities,
is $100,000 short of its allotted amount
Over half of the counties in the state are planning special campaigns for the last week in the year,
in order to try and reach their quota for the War Savings Stamps, for the year just closing. The
Warren District is $100,000 behind in its quota, and as the compaign will close Tuesday night,
it is up to every one to redeem the pledges made when the campaign was first put on. If all of
those who have given written pledges to purchase during the year, certain specified amounts of
Wkf Savings Stamps, would now make good the state would still have a chance to reach its
quota. It is a rather sad commentary that Arizona, which was thirteenth state in the W. S. S.
standing per capita last June, is now down in twenty-second position in the list and may finish
even further below the top unless there is a big effort the last week of 1918. It's up to YOU.
Thi space patriotically contributed by
War
.Buy
Saving
Stamps
1 THE BIS BEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 29, 1918.
FIVE
REVIEW WANT ADS
Advertisements under this bead at the rate of 1 cent per word for each
isue. with a minimum charge of 25 cents. Advertisements must reach
Jt Review office not later than 8 p. m. lor insertion the next morning.
Male and Female Help Wanted i
WANTED Boy at thp Review office
to make himself generally useful.
WANTED Girl to do general house
work in small family. Apply No. 81
Cochise Row, or phone 51!). dh-tf
WANTED Energetic woman, capable
collector and investigator. ' Good at
clerical work. Giving experience,
etc., to P. O. Box 2367. 537
WANTED Ten bright capable ladies
to travel, demonstrate and sell well
known goods to established dealers,
25 to $50 per week railroad fare
paid weekly advance for traveling
expenses. Address at once, Good
rich Drug company, Department 131,
ciiiaba, Nebr. 452
For Sale
FOR SALE Three rooms of furni
ture, house for rent. 57 Roberts
avenue, Mason hill. 558
FOR SALE! Four room house. In
' quire Brown or Western, South
Bisbee. 554
FOR SALE The Pressure cooker.
Phone 734 tor cookers or demonstra
tion. Bisbee Mattress Works. 548
FOR SALE Five passenger Ford,!
five passenger Chevrolet, seven pas- j
sengetr Studebaker. All in good con-'
mtion. fart cash, balance easy
terms. See W. S. Smart, Bisbee
Auto company. 5
FOR SALE Furniture for four rooms.
Leaving town. Call South Bisbee
store. 574
FOR SALE Kitchen cabinet Mrs.
Grace Williams, Clawson hill. 576
FOR SALE 160 acres land, fine
shape for winter crop, genuine bot
tom land on river, near railroad and
highway of state. Artisan water.
Bargain to cash buyer. Give your
address. Box 1957, Bisbee. 577
FOR SALE Four rooms of good
. furniture, bargain. Leaving town.
Call at South Bisbee store. 549
F0R SALE Lady's coat. 195 Temby
, avenue. 556
FQR SALE New coal and wood
. f ange. S. L. Duckett, South Bisbee.
, . 561
FOR, SALE Five room furnished
house. For particulars inquire 101
upper Lowell. 439
FOR SALE One 1917 Dodge touring
car in perfect condition. Borderland
garage, Johnson addition. 544
FOR SALE Large ice uox. Broadway
rooms. 534
FOR SALE Six room furnished
house in South Bisbee, also garage.
P. L. Lunt. 532
FOR SALE 1916 Ford, cheap for
cash. See Sold Morgenstern, Lowell.
507
FOR SALE Fumed oak furniture for
three rooms, privilege of renting
house. Back of 33 Clawson avenue.
505
FOR SALE Cheap, my home, orch
ard, well, garage, lot 150x100, by
, ; Garfield school, Tombstone canyon.
O. G. Kirchner. , 503
FOR SALE Dodge winter -car, fully
equipped, new tires and two extras.
, Phone Red 477. 501
FOR SALE Crescent rooming house,
rooms all fill, good location for
right party. Want to leave town.
500
FOR SALE Twelve room apartment
house, completely furnished. For
particulars phone Blue 711. 527
FOR SALE Furniture of five room
house, bought new in August. Anglo
Persian rugs, leather chairs, Stick
ley living, dining and mahogany bed
room furniture; also Chickering
parlor Grand piano, optional. New
cement house for rent to purchaser.
Second house from now hospital on
right side boulevard. Warren. Ken
nedy. 49S
FOR SALE 1917 under-slung Ford
speedster, cheap. Inquire S. Mor
ganstern, Lowell. 523
FOR SALE 40-acre ranch near Ram
sey canyon, especially adapted fruit,
two year trees, bore 20- pounds last
year. No irrigation necessary,
ground ready to set 2500 trees, also
fine for hogs and chickens. House,
barn, 330 rods farm fence, balance
barbed wire. Cow, chickens, bow,
plenty of water, for $1250. Samuel
Thomas Pyeatt, Garces, Ariz. 422
FOR SALE 200 shares of Northwest
Inspiration company stock. Price
$100. P. O. Box 194. 405
FOR SALE Two cement houses, one
eight-room and one four'-room, with
ecmo furniture. Johnson avenue.
No. 30 Johnson addition. 34S
FOR SALE Mcts two passenger car,
good running order. Stevens Elec
tric shop. -
FOR SALE The Samson bouse, cor
ner G avenue and Fourteenth street,
Douglas, Ariz. For further informa
tion apply A. J. Applen. 1S1 Tcniby
avenue, or Box 63S, Bisbee, Ariz. 2S3
FOR SALE Upright piano, standard
make, nearly now, part on liiuu. Ad
dress, P. O. Box fitiil. Warren. 60U
FOR SALE Player piano, oak uiso,
nearly new, at a bargain, earsy pay
ments. A. Z. Megodc, jewclei, Lo
well. 598
FOR SALE Uncalled for tui's. M.
Levin, Lowell, Ariz. 097
Positions Wanted
WANTED By man and wife. Job as
cooks or could take charge ot ktich
en and dining room. Mining camp
preferred, or would take job on
ranch where man could do general
work and wife cook for hands. Write
giving full particulars, C. R-, care
Review. 553
For Rent
FOR RENT Housekeeping rooms,
lights and water. il-B O. K. street.
563
FOR RENT One furnished room for
light housekeeping for a lady. No. 4
Laundry hilL 559
FOR RENT Housekeeping rooms.
80 Upper Lowell. 636
FOR RENT Two rooms furnished for
housekeeping. 153 Temby avenue,
Balgay house. 530
FOR RENT Building suitable for a
garage. Emil Nikalo6ky, Midway
Park. 531
FOR RENT Rooms partly furnished
in the Rock house in South Bisbee.
472
FOR RENT Rooms, partly furnished,
in the Rock house in South Bisbee.
472
FOR RENT Pasture for grazing cat
tle by month. Samuel Leiendecker,
Hereford. Ariz. 642
Wanted
WANTED Furnished room with or
without board with congenial family
in Bisbee or Warren by young man.
H. F. M., care Review. ' 535
WANTED Room and board for two
small boys for month or six weeks.
Address O., care Review. dh-tf
FOR RENT Good furnished room.
. Wilson, 17 Quality hill. 504
WANTED A room by lady in private
family, close in. F. C, care Review.
441
For Exchange
FOR EXCHANGE For small room
ing house, one Overland car, in good
shape, classy looker. Further par
ticular address, Box 1S09, Bisbee.
318
Lost
LOST Leather case with indentifica-
tion card and trainman receipts and
registration card. Return to Re
view. Reward. 560
LOST White bull pup. One blacK
eye. Answers to name "Jill." Re
ward. Return to C. T. Dunlap, War
ren. 558
LOST White Ansora cat, $5 reward
if returned to Victoria Rooming
souse. g08
Found
FOUND Fountain pen on Quality
hill. Owner can have same by call
ing at Review. 543
Miscellaneous
VIOLIN ; LESSONS GIVEN Begin
ners a Bpecialty. E. J., care Review
office. . 533
GOSSARD CORSETS FOR SALE
from S3 up. All corsets carefully
fitted. Ines Warburton, next Ari
zona Grocery store, upper Main. 433
PIANO LESSONS Mrs. B. S. Powell,
Ash apartments, 128 Opera Drive.
677
MADAME J. REA KEYS -Next door
to Lowell Waiting Room, Lowell,
Ariz. Clarivoyant and crystal read
er. Dead trance spirit medium, born
with a double veil, without asking
questions gives you dates, facts and
figures, and will read your entire
life. Hours 10 a. m. to 9 p. m.
Phone 62. Home Phone 559. 634
VISIT MADAM CLARK The well-
known Clarivoyant and Palmist.
Are you in trouble ot any kind, un
happy, dissatisfied with life, have
domestic, love, or business troubles?
You will be told how to overcome
them all. Whatever your trouble Is,
I can help you. Hours 10 a. m. to
8 pm. daily. Lowell Hotel. Rooms
1 and 2, Lowell, Ariz. S3
WRITE TO "Y. M. C. A. School, Los
Angeles," about Auto, Radio, Com
mercial and Engineering courses.
Train for service. 268
SCECOND HAND CLOTHES Bought.
Phone 739, City Dye Works. 601
Money to Loan
SMALL QUICK LOANS On your per
sonal note to salaried men Lcl wo
men, also on furniture. Cox Loan
company. Room 7, Sparks Kline
building. 166
TO ABOLISH CENSORSHIP
(fly Rovipw Leased Wire'i
PA IMS. Iec. 27 According to the
TempH. Premier Clemeuccau intends
to shortly recommend to the cabinet
the suppression of the political cen
sorship in Frame and the retaining of
control only over military news. Tills
step, the newspaper adds, probably
will be taken l fore the peace pre
liminaries begin.
It may interest some of the good
people to know that more cigarettes
are now sold by the Y. M. C. A. than
any other concern iu the orld. Loi
Atiirelen Times.
ADVICE TO "FLU '
CONVALESCENTS
SPAIN AND ENGLAND REPORT
INCREASE IN TUBERCULOSIS
I AFTER INFLUENZA
V EPIDEMIC
U. S. Public Health Service Warns
Public Against Tuberculosis,
r One Million Cases Tubercu-
i
! losis in United States Each a
Source of Danger.
Influenza Convalescents Should Havo
Lungs Examined Colds Whleh Hang
On Often Beginning of Tuberculosis.
Jo Cause for Alarm If Tuberculosis
la Recognized Early Patent Medi
cines Not to Bo Trusted.
it
'
w Beware tuberculosis after In-
fluenza. No need to worry If
you take precautions in time.
ifr Don't diagnose your own con-
dltlon. Hove your doclor exam-
ine your lungs several time at
monthly Intervals. Build up your
it strength with right living, good
food and plenty of fresh air.
Don't waste money on patent
medicines advertised to cure tu-
berculosls.
Become a fresh-air crank and
enjoy life.
Washington, D. C. (Special.) Ac
cording to a report made to the United
States Public Health Service, the epi
demic of influenza in Spain has al
ready caused an Increase in the preva
lence and deaths from pulmonary tu
berculosis. A similar association be
tween Influenza and tuberculosis was
recently made by Sir Arthur News
holme, the chief medical officer of the
English public health service, in his
analysis of the tuberculosis death rate
In England.
In order that the people of the Unit
ed States may profit by the experience
of other countries Surgeon General
Rupert Blue of the United States Pub
lic Health Service has Just issued a
warning emphasizing the need of spe
cial precautions at the present time.
Experience seems to indicate," says
th Surgeon General, '"that persons
whose resistance has been weakened
by an attack of Influenza are peculiar
ly susceptible to tuberculosis. With
millions of its people recently affected
with influenza this country now of
fers conditions favoring the spread of
tuberculosis."
On Million Consumptives In the .
United States.
"Then you consider this - serious
menace?" was asked. "In my opinion
it is, though I hasten to add it Is dis
tinctly one against which the people
can guard. So far as one can estimate
there are at present about one million
cases of tuberculosis in the United
States. There is unfortunately no
complete census available to show ex
actly the nuinlier of tuberculosis per
sons In each state despite the fact that
most of the states have made the dis
ease reportable. In New York city,
where reporting has been In force for
many years, over 33,000 cases of tu
berculosis are registered with the De
partment of Health. Those familiar
with the situation believe that the ad
dition of unrecognized and unreported
cases would make the number nearer
60,000. The very careful health sur
vey conducted during the past two
years in Framlngham, Mass., revealed
200 cases of tuberculosis in a popula
tion of approximately 13,000. If these
proportions hold true for the United
States as a whole they would Indicate
that about one in every hundred per
sons is tuberculous. Each of these
constitutes a source of danger to be
guarded against"
What to Do.
In hl statement to the public Sur
geon General Blue points out how
those who have lind influenza should
protect themselves against tuberculo
sis. "All who have recovered from In
fluenza," says the Surgeon General,
"should have their lungs carefully ex
amined by a competent physician. In
fact, it Is desirable to have several ex
aminations made a month apart. Such
examinations cannot be inade. through
the clothing nor can they be carried
out in two or three minutes. If the
lungs are found to be free from tuber
culosis every effort should be made to
keep them so. This ran be done by
right living, good food and plenty of
fresh air."
Danger Sign.
The Surgeon General warned espe
cially against certain danger signs,
such as "decline" and "colds which
bang on."
These, he explained, were often the
bediming of tuberculosis. "If you do
not get well promptly. If your cold
seems to hnug on or your health and
strength decline, remember that these
are often the early slcns of tuberculo
ids. Place yourself at once under tho
care of. a omietcni physician. Tuber
culosis is curable In the early stages.
Patent Medicines Dangerous in Tuber
culosis.
"Above nil do not trust In the jnls-
Jills-
mz
leanins statements ot unscr
patent medicine fakers. Ther
specific medicine for the cure of tuber
culosis. The money spent on ' suoh
mediciues is thrown sway; it. should
b vpent Instead for good food uild de
cent living. "
REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS
Mining and Financial News
BY REVIEW
I NEW. YORK, Dec. 2S. Opening
with a number of irregular changes
in which losses predominated, today's
brief but active stock; market sud
denly reversed its course, closing with
a broad demonstration of strength,
Early weakness was caused by re
actions of 1 to almost 3 points in Ma
rine preferred, low grade rails, cop
pers and a varied group of specialties,
the break in shippings being attribut
ed to overnight cables indicating
further delay in the commission of
.he long pending deal.
Bear pressure was directed also
against Sinclair Oil, which declined
2 points, followed by a rebound in
which this loss was more than retrieved.-
Transcontinental rose 1V to 2i
points, Southern Pacific leading;
gangers were featured by Atchison
and coalers by Reading and Norfolk
and Western, the latter rising 3
points. Final quotations in general
were at the day's highest level, while
sales amounted to 600,000 shares.
Liberty issues again featured the
bond market, about 80 per cent of
the turnover representing those flota
tions, which ranged slightly over yes
terday's -final prices. Total sales, par
value, aggregated 317,350,000. Old
United States bonds were unchanged
on call during the wfek.
WEEKLY FINANCIAL REVIEW.
NEW YORK, Dec. 28. The final
week of a memorable year in the an
nals of the world's financial markets
effected no change of moment in the
conditions', recently; existent on the
stock exchange, apart from record
breaking sales of Liberty bonds, most
ly at lowest quotations yet estab
lished. This condition, generally accepted
as a temporary or passing phase, in
no way disturbed the confidence of
those captains of finance and indus
try who believe this country is des
tined to occupy a positon of greater
importance and power in the far
reaching period of reconstruction.
Various theories popularly, ad-
vancedvanced by economists that the
United States, no less than its co
belligerents will have to bear its
rf the war's financial burdens for
many years seem to be neutralized by
the country's enormous credits and
gold holdings, as well as supplies of
raw materials.
Domestic basic conditions are re'
garded as eminently sound, but labor
problems and readjustment of prices
of essential commodities press for in
creased recognition, as is evidenced
by the pause in the steel and iron
trade.
Excepting the comparatively small
group of international bankers, little
interest is manifest in the forthcom
ing peace conference, although a
growing apprehension is felt respect
ing the chaotic conditions in central
and eastern Europe.
Greater concern is evidenced in the
future of the transportation industry,
but the executives of the railroads
are more hopeful, as indicated by
their latest attitude, of early con
structive legislation, which will re
move all probability ot a five-year ex
tension of government control.
CLEARING HOUSE REPORT.
NEW YORK, Dec. 28. The actual
condition of clearing house banks and
trust companies for the week (five
days) shows that they hold $42,804.
340 in reserve in excess of legal re
quirements. This is a decrease ot
116,887,410 from last week.
BANK GOLD RESERVE
WASHINGTON, Dec. 28. Total
gold reserves of the federal reserve
banks showed an increase during the
week just ended of nearly $12,000,000.
according to the combined statement
of the 12 banks at the close of busi
ness December 27, made public to
night. No material change was indi
cated in the quantity of federal re
serve notes in circulation.
GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO. Dec. 28. Efforts ot
shorts to escape losses in nearby de
liveries carried the corn market up
grade today, except March and May
options, which showed a slight set
back. The close was firm, January
$1.43 to $1.43Vs. May $1.36 to
$1.26, and the finish as a whole
c off to 3r;8c advance, compared
with 24 hours before.
At first, all deliveries of corn, bar
ring only December, had a downward
slant owing to predictions that after
New Year's a larger crop movement
would take plactv Subsequently,
however, the fact became evident that
the congestion in December contracts
had affected the Junuary delviery.
In good bulge in prices for both
March and May. but the upturns were
insufficient to overcome entirely the
effects of the earlier weakness.
Improved domestic demand gave in
dependent strength to oats. Itcsi-les.
the south was said to be outbidding
Chicago at some points in Illinois.
ProWsious were governed chiefly
by the action of corn. Strength in
the hog market appeared to have but
little if any direct influence.
COTTON MARKET.
NEW YORK. 1K!C 2K. Cotton
closed strong at a net advance of 40
to C7 points.
METAL MARKET.
NEW YORK. Dec. 28. Ix-ad -Unchanged.
Closing quotations December 28, 1918.
L. J. Overlook. Broker.)
NEW YORK.
Anai -inula !"'
A tn ti. t'i'li 4'i1',
Ainn. Car HP
Am it. f-'uieltcis 7t!'
A in ii. Sutar ll'ir,
Amu. loco 61
I'aUlwin 7:t:
Beth, i;
C. A: 0 55 '
LEASED WIRE
l C. F. & I
38
157H
57
57
51
16
130
102
67
26
111
43
169
73
93
80 Ti
78
74
60
94
HIT
39
10174
Canadian Pacific
Central Leather
Crucible J.
Distillers
Erie
General Motors
i Ind. Alcohol
Lackawanna
! Marine
I Marine pfd
Midvale
i Mexican Petroleum
Y cT
Northern Pacific
Reading
Rubber
Republic Steel .
Studebaker ... . . . . i
Steel
Steel pfd
St. Paul
Southern Pacific
Sinclair Oil ..,
Texas Oil
United Motors
U. S. M
Westinghouse
BOSTON.
Adventure
Allouez
Alaska
Ai. ComI
Butte ... ,i
C. & A
C. & H
C. Range
Chlno
E. Butte
Granby
Goldfield ,
Hancock f. ....
Indiana :.-....
Inspiration .;. . .
Kennecott .
Keweenaw
Lake
32
190
34
45
42tf
100
44
3
12
187,
62
430
40H
32
9
80
30
; .
' 75
47
32?i
100
4V4
2
23 '
53
3
16Ti
11
9
34
48
13
60
' 20
15
42
72
7
11
5
100
14
16
1
La Salle
Miami
Mohawk
Mayflower
Nevada
N. Butte
Nip
Old Dom
Osceola
Pond Ck
Qiiincy
Ray Con
Shattuck
Shannon
Superior Boston
St. Marys
Utah Copper
Utah Con
CURBS.
A. & A.
Ariz. Bing
Ariz. Sil. King
Big Ledge
Butte & London
Cal. & Jer.
Cornelia
Con. Ariz
Con. Copper ; . .
Cresson"
Cosden
Curttss
Denn
Dundee
Emma
Federal Oil
Gadsden
Green Monster
Grand Island
Globe
Hull
Howe Sound
Hecla
J. Verde
Magma Copper
Magma Chief ;
Miami Con :
Okmulgee
Porphyry
Ray Here
6
5
6Ts
14
37
100
5
2
3
15
45
4
4
25
"
10
2 '
SO
3 i
164 !
80 !
450 '
36
2
i
4
Tom Reed ...
Tuolomne . . .
U. Eastern . . .
Verde Ex
Verde Combn.
Wol. Ariz .
Went End J.
tiik'ii mania
OATMAN.
(By Collins & Bretherton.)
Argo 05
Adams 03
Arizona Rex
.04!
.15!
.04;
.10!
.02
.04
.02
.15
.06
.06
.13j
1.64 1
4.50
.031
.20!
(
300
.44
.14
100
.04
.12
.50.
.12 I
.17
.12'
Ariz-Tom R 02
Big Jim Con 06
Boundary Cone
Gold Ore 03
Gold Road Bon
Gold Cliff
Lucky Boy 05
Sunnyside 05
Telluride 10
Tom Reed 1.63
United Eastern 4.40
United Western 02
Red Lion
OTHER CURBS.
Gadsden 2.87
Green Monster 37
Butte London 11
Dundee .'. 95
Veuture Hill 02
Pitts-Jerome 10
Jerome Verde 44
Ark Arizona 10
Jerome Portlaud
Ins-Needles 06
Hull Copper 40
Maxnia Chief 12
Wolv-Arizona 2.00
.45
.25
2.13
.75
.10
.52
Verde Combination 62
Miami Consolidated 02
Kay Copper
Nacozari Consolidated ...
.40,
Cou. Cop. Minus 5.87
6.0O
.80
.50
Porphyry 5'
Cal. & Jcronie 44
Feather Klver
12 ;
There are llinuaiids of adorable
Kirls who blusbingly manifest a will
incuesK to facilitate the absorption of
tidier back into civil life.
Get Rid of That
Persistent Cough
Binp f-iat wr-iUiTiins. persistent couph
er cold. thrxAIniis throat or lung
ftfTtction. irith Kc'iOiian Alterative,
tho tonic and uphuildtr of A yearV
rurcrsMnl nf- Mc and 1W boltlea)
l oin il"i;.-N'6. r frm
UCKMAN LABORATORY, FhUadOlphlS
LODGE NOTICES
Cards of every fraternal order in the Warren District; giving the es
sential farts of each, their meeting nights, their officers and the place ot
gathering will be found under their respective headings in these columns.
BISBEE LODGE NO. 718.
L. O. O. M.
i Meet every Friday
night. Moose Hau.
Visiting brothers cor
dially invited.
R. L GLEASON,
Dictator
BI8BEE LODGE NO. 10. I. O. O. F.
meets every
Thursday
evening at Odd
Fellows' Hail
Subway street, at 7:30 o'clock. Visiting
brothers cordially invited to attend.
Hall phone 119.
O A. PLTJNKETT, N. O.
LESTER EUSTACE, SecT.
PYTHIAN 8ISTER3
Lily Temple No. S meets every 2nd
and fourth Tuesday evening of each
month at Odd Fellows HalL Visiting
sisters are cordially invited.
MINNIE BLUM. M. E. C
Phone Black 861.
IDA GLAZE. If. of R. C.
Box 1471
FRATERNAL ORDER OF EAGLES
Bisbee Aerie
No. 175. F. O.
E., meets 1st
and Bd Tues
days, I p. m..
Eagles' HaU.
Visitors cor
d i a 1 1 y wel
come. , J. F. WILMOTH, Presdnt.
i F. C. FENDERSON. Secretary.
C. L EDMUNDSON, Aerie Physician.
BROTHERHOOD OP AMERICA
YEOMAN
Richard I. Homestead 89 i, meet sec
ond and fourth Tuesdays at Medigo
vich ball. Visiting Archers are cor
dially invited.
F. W. TURNER, Foreman,
Phone Black 41 S.
P. O. Box S8L Warren,
a D. STINSON,
Correspondent. Box 1496.
WrEEK
ENDING JANUARY 4. 1919"
Mono ay 2nd Degree.
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday Blue Regular
W. W. GIDLEY, W M.
B. T. W ATKINS, Sec'y. F. tt A. M.
J. W. TOLAND. E. H. P.
C. F. PHILBROOK, T. L M.
P. E. BENNETT, E. C.
F. S. DAVENPORT. Secretary Chap
ter and Commandery.
W. R. BANKS, Secretary Council.
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
DREADNAUGHT
U O. U NO. 210.
meets la I. O.
O. F. Hall first
and third
MONDAY at
7:30 p. m.
Visiting broth
ers cordially
Invited to at
tend. WM. T. SMITHAN, W. M.
ROBERT FERGUS, Secretary
P. O. Box 426. Bisbee.
Chicten Feed
Wood, Coal and Hay
INDEPENDENT
FUEL & FEED COWY
UPPER MAIN STREET
Phone 235
MONEY TO LOAN
Watches, Diamonds, Jewelry, Etc
Reliable House 19 Branch Stores.
United Loan Jewelry Co.
BISBEE .: BREWERY GULCH
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Solicits Your
Patronage
PHONE 53
A Trial Solicited Prompt Delivery
Standard Laundry
FOR "QUALITY AND SERVICE"
A. OWERS. Mgr.. Bakervilla
Phone 67
BISBEE TRANSFER,
STORAGE & COAL CO.
Warehouse ft Office Opposite Depot
PHONES 640 and 59.
j3errsr t(flNle.ii
i rK5T EfiHeTad la ;!
! V .o!bamtWup.vl,l
VrVWrrVr
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS
2 Rath bone Lodge No. U
tf) Knights of Pythias.
aXy'iLcj' meets each Tuesday
i'ft- (except second) in Odd
jS-'A. I'l.t.i v
6J enrrllaltv lnvtta.1
H. E. WOOTON. C U
W. E. McCALLUM, K. of R. S.
1
I.
LODGE NO. 671
Regular meetinr first and third IrV
day of each month. Visiting brothers
coratauy invited to attend.
JAS. ALLISON. Exalted Ruler.
C. W. HICKS. Secretary.
WOODMEN OK THE WORLD
Lowell Camp No. 46 will meet every
second and fourth Tuesday at 7: Jo
p. m., FlnnlBh HalL
D. C. SAXBY, C. C.
O. B. THOMAS, Clerk.
All Woodmen invited.
OROER OF EA8TERN STAR
meets in Masonle HaU
Pearl Chapter. No. (, meets
in Masonic HaU second and
fourth Tuesdav of sack
month at 7:30 p. m,
MRS. EMMA W00D3, W. M.
Phone 161. Bex 43, Bute
MRS. JESSIE BEVAN, Sec'y. P. O.
Box 3299. Chairman Relief Com.
Phone 16L
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED
AMERICAN MECHANICS
Meets in I. O. O. P.
Kali First and Third
Saturdays. V i s 1 1 is,
brothers weloome.
S. F. BENTON. Councillor.
F. M. WILLIAMS, Rec. Sec'y.
FRATERNAL
BROTHERHOOD
T. F. B.
Bisbee Lodge No.
42 meets the 1st
and 3rd Mondays
of each month at
7:30 at Meditro
vlcu Hall. Visit
ing members cordially invited.
B. F. MOSS. President.
MRS. a E. FINOTTL Treasurer.
Box 722. TeL 236, Red.
HONORA MUNCH. Secretary.
Box 1621.
MODERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA
Bisbee Camp No. 1341s
Meets 1st Saturdaj
Medigovich HaU.
iL L. MOTZ. ConsuL
H. F. MATHEWSON.
Clerk.
C H. HOGAN
Office Below
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
Phone 121
REAL ESTATE
RENTALS
FIRE INSURANCE
NOTARY
LEGAL BLANKS
Phone 121
Office Below
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
C H. HOGAN
COLLINS &
BRETHERTON
We Specialize In
JEROME
AND
OATMAN
STOCKS
Jack Bldg., Main Street
Phone 26 Box 1129
THE REVIEW
Job Department
will furnish you an rslimate
on that job on short notice
e v. it. t " j SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 29, 1918.
WEEKLY NEWS LETTER YOUNG
WEN'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION
OF WARREN MINING DISTRICT
Christmas night the "Open House" urest as they have since the begin
prograra was a grand success, and was ning of the tournament, we are sure
greatly enjoyed by a large audience, to win by a large score, even, though
The gvmnasium was artistically deco- we hear Douglas is working hard.
rated with evergreens, and an attrac
tively trimmed Christmas tree was
placed in one corner of the room. The
Social committee, composed of J. A.
Rancourt. chairman; Tom Rushin, W.
L. R. Mallard, formerly instructor of
swimming of the Y. M. C. A., paid a
visit to the "Y"' several days ago, and
after a short stay In the district left
H. Matthes, Fred Carnes, J. V. Lassi- for Los Angeles.
ter. Bob Hale, and Alirea iruscait.
carried out a splendid program, which
consisted of vocal and instrumental
solos, quartette music, movies and
community singing. Following Is the
program : .
Piano solo, by Bob Hale; bong com-
We refret to report that Dan
Kitchel has received word that S. R.
Kitchel, his brother, has been killed In
action In France. Mr. S. R. Kitchel
will be remembered by bis many
friends in the district, having been
CAN COOMBS SHAKE JINX THAT PURSUED OTHER EX-MACKMEN?
ioue. J. A. Rancourt: Xvlophone solo, pnysieai director 01 tne x. i. c. A
Bob Hale, accompanied by Jimmie several years ago, and it is with much
Dawson: vocal solo, bv T. J. Evans: regret to the entire association that
piano solo, by Mrs. August A. Jung; . the sad news has been received,
vocal boIo, by Mrs. Douglas Parks;! : .
community sing, led by "Doc" Mat-! Mrs. Douglas Parks, daughter of
thes: carols, by Warmington Quar- educational director of Hi-Y course.
tette; movies. Each performer cer-1
tainly deserves credit, as each seemed (
eager to please their audience. The j
committee wishes to thank all who i
rendered such splendid assistance, and j
also the firms of the Phelps Dodge
Mercantile company, the Palace Gro-1
eery company, and J. B. Angius for
their donations of supplies. This en-,
tertainment is the first of a series,
which the committee wish to give to
the community throughout the coming
winter months.
Mr. J. T. Bowles, entertained a large
audience in the lobby of the "Y" by
giving several informal selections
Christmas afternoon. Her selections
were received with much enthusiasm.
Saturday evening at the Y. M. C. A.
will hereafter be designated as Stunt
night, to which all interested ,in box-
ing, wrestling, basketball and music, I
are cordially invited to attend. A
splendid program is being arranged
consisting of boxing and wrestling,
both among the seniors and juniors.
Mr. Thompson, secretary of the Boys'
department, and J. B. Potter assert
that only first class boxers and wrest
lers of the Boys' department will be
put on these programs. All seniors
are requested to be present to learn
some very invaluable points in these
two acts. The program will open with
a basketball game between the "Has
Beens" and the "Would Be's" and will
be a game from the start to the finish.
The moving picture show given at
the "Y" the night of December 21st
was greatly enjoyed by a large audi
ence. The film entitled "The Last
Raid of the Zeppelin," was received
with much interest, and the many who
were present look forward with plea
sure to the time when the next movie
show will be held at the "Y."
J. E. Evans, army secretary of tne
Y. M. C A. camp in Douglas, and
whom we will all remember as an
active "Y" member, while in Bisbee,
has been heard from. He is greatly
in need of magazines and reading mat
ter, and has sent out a call for 2000
magazines from the Warren district.
They have been without reading mat
ter for some time, owing to the en
forcement of the rigid quarantine,
which is still in force in Douglas, and
we ask that all residents and particu
larly all members of the Y" bring
to the building all reading matter that
they are able to collert as a Red Tri
angle truck will call for them on De
cember 28 and January 3. The maga
zines to be left at the following desig
nated places:. The fire house, Tomb
stone canyon, the Y. M. C. A., the Y.
W. C. A.. Phelps Dodge store at War
ren, and drug department of the
Phelps Dodge store at Lowell. If the
residents of the Warren district will
kindly leave magazines that they are
able to collect at these places they
will thus render the boys at Camp
Harry Jones a great service.
A meeting of all lovers of basketball
As American Yankees it is said of
us that we are always looking for
something new, but yet we stick to
much that is old. One old custom we
stick.to is swearing off on New Year's
day. I propose for us a new one,
swearing on. Let's look the old world
squarely in the face, each for himself,
and as we enter on the new year,
swear on something a little better
than we have yet done. It's not my
thought to tell you what to do. Ea,ch
one who reads this knows for himself,
what he or she can take on for him
self as he enters the new year, that
"will, if carefully followed every day,
lead as truly towards what we wish
I might be, as the needle to the pole.
'Just stop a minute and think of it
This New Year's day is unique in the
history of the whole world. Those we
regard as best fitted to lead us. to
higher ground are all at their posts
ready for their duties. The eyes of
the world are on them. We expect
much of them in advance of anything
they or we have ever known and they
will not disappoint us. We shall enter
on what they outline for us, as un
conquerable in spirit as were our lads
who so gallantly went over the top
and fixed it so these men could march
on with the good work and show us
the rich valleys of opportunity they
now are able to point out to us. Any
nation is no better than the individual
units composing it. Every one of us
who does not reach up and look out,
and grasp the things now so freely
offered to us in every neighborhood
of our vast commonwealth is surely
recreant to the trust imposed on us.
As was said to England by one of
her honored dead, America and espe
cially the United States, expects that
every citizen will do his whole duty
now in peace time, just as faithfully
as we tried to do in war-time. So
let's tackle something a little higher.
Each think for himself what it is, and
met Friday evening at the Y. M. C. A. g0 t0 it wjtn tne firm resolution that
at 7:30 o'clock. The purpose of this
meeting was to arrange for the set
ting up of a program of basketball
throughout the winter months. Every
basketball player should look well to
the defense of the arren district and
next New Year's day will find us one
notch higher in our ability to do some
thing better and so be the more able
to enjoy the better thing that are
all around us and above us. Thus
will we continually be better, do bet-
attend these meetings and classes. It i ter and have better things. For, as
is hoped to form a basketball league,
and from the teams participating to
select players who represent the Y. M.
C. A. in contest with outside teams.
the poet has so truly said:
D. M. Davis is the new physical di
rector who only recently came to the
district from Camp Wadsworth, South
Carolina, where he was serving Uncle
Sam, being military instructor of the Are the ways to be blest
that
Tis being and doing and having,
make
All the pleasures and pains of which
mortals partake.
To be what God pleases.
To do a man's best.
And to have a good heart -
camp. He nas accepted a position as
physical director of the "Y" and mili
tary instructor of the Warren district
schools.
The bowling tournament is pro
gressing nicely at the "Y," every team
being filled, and great scores being
made, due to the interest taken in this
very interesting sport. If the Bisbee
bowlers continue to bowl during their
spare moments, and take as much in-
( Signed) JOHN T. BOWLES.
BOYS' DEPARTMENT
Plans are almost complete for the
organization of a Boys' band. Several
committee meetings have been held,
and much enthusiasm is being shown
by the boys themselves. Mr. Wilken,
a man who has had much experience
in band work has been secured to lead
the boys. In a very short tiiue we ex
pect to have, an excellent . organiza-
Night school beginning Monday,
Following is the program for the Hi-Y
December 30, 1918:
Subjects Teachers.
English, for foreigners,
advanced Mr. H. E. Ross,
Naturalization, Mr. H. E. Ross,
Geology Mr. J. B. Tenny,
Radio buzzer Mr. Powell,
Mine work Mr. Marshall
Advanced accounting.. .Mr. Safford
Beginning Spanish Mr. Sindeband
Advanced Spanish Mr. Sindeband
Beginning French Mr. Sindeband
English for foreigners .Mr. Bowles
English for foreigners .Mrs. Mecorney
General arithmetic ....Mr. Honn
Business arithmetic ...Mr. Honn
Shorthand Mr. Flynn
Typewriting Mr. Flynn
Shorthand Mr. Flynn
Bookkeeping Mr. Flynn
Stenotyping Mr. Safford
Mechanical drawing ...Mr. Shirck
Lathe and wood Mr. McBride
Art and basketry Mr. Wilmer
Chemistry and physics. Mr. Hatton
Telegraphy Mr. Leonard
Penmanship and spell
ing Mr. South
Advanced English Mr. South
Domestic science Mrs. Reasoner
Auto repairing
Any careful observance of the above program will show
Place. Nights. Time.
Y. M., Mon. Wed. Fri. 6:30 to 9:00
Y. M., Tues. Thurs. 6:30 to 8:10
Y. M., Fri. 7:20 to 9:00
Y. M., Wed. Fri. 6 : 30 to 9 : 00
Y. M, Thurs. 1:30 to 7:00
Y. M., Tues. Thurs. 7 : 20 to 9 : 00
H. S., Mon. Thurs. 6:30 to 7:20
H. S., Mon. Thurs. 6:30 to 7:20
H. S., Tues. Fri. 7:20 to 8:10
H. S., Mon. Wed. Fri. 6:30 to 9:00
H. 8.. Mon. Wed. FrL 6:30 to 9:00
H. 8.. Mon. Wed. 6 : 30 to 7 : 20
H. S., Mon. Wed. 7:20 to 8:10
H. S., Mon. Wed. 6:30 to 7:20
H. S., Mon. Wed. 7:20 to 8:10
H. S., Mon. Wed. 8H0to9:00
H. S., Tues. Thurs. 6:30 to 9:00
H. S., Tues. Thurs. 6 : 30 to 9 : 00
H. S.. Toes. Thurs. 7:20 to 9:00
H. S., Mon. Wed 7:20 to 9:00
H. 8., Mon. Wed. 7:20 to 9:00
H. 8, Mod. Wed. 6:30 to 9:00
H. 8.. Mon. Thurs. 7:20 to 9:00
IT. S.
H. S,
H. S.
Mon. Thurs.
Tues. Fri.
Tues. Thurs.
7:20 to 8:10
7:20 to 8:10
7:20 to 9:00
each one his
1 - v f '
Mis l j tv liLr ;M
f H Y V-' w ' rfgW
KAISER, PRINCE AND HINDlNBURG
Lave Cross, above at left; Jain
Barry, ' top center, and Tops)'
HartsL upper right Bxlow, Harry
Davis, in center, and Jack Coomb.
Jack Coombs, veteran pitcher .
with tha Dodgers last season, has
accepted terms tc manage the
Philadelphia National league club
next season. He is to get I7.CO0
and a bonus if h produces a top
notch team,-it is said. It will be
interesting to watch him and see if
he can break tha hoodoo that has
followed. . practically all former
Athletic stars who later tried ta
manage teams. Harry Davis,
Monte and Lave Cross, Socks Sey
bold, Tony Hartsel and others fail
ed as managers. Jade Barry nmi
1
r-
ALL HAD FAVORITE DEEP DUGOUTS
Germany' Alleged Superman
Spent Much of His Time in
Deep "Funk Hole
He and Emperor Would Hide
Underground Whenever an
Airplane Appeared in Sky
SPA, Belgium, Dec. 16 (Correspond
ence of the Associated Press). The
former headquarters of the kaiser and
his general staff is disclosing some
extraordinarily queer facts these days,
about the men who engineered the
world war. Take for one, Hinden
burg, Germany's super-man, about
whom reams have been written, dis
closing him as a fearless napoleon.
As a matter of fact he spent a great
deal of time in a wonderfully
structed "funk hole" or dugout, under
neath the grounds of his villa here.
Spa, so far from where battle lines
used to be that it was almost a day's
journey in a fast motor car to get
within sound of the big guns. The
kaiser, too. had a similar hiding place
at Neubois, near a comic opera there,
trench systems, about which he is said
to have paraded for the benefit of
motion pictures. At each of their
villas there was delicate electrical in
are now occupying Hindenburg's head-'
quarters and they were amazed when
they discovered this underground
refuge of the gTeat warrior. The en
trance was through tbe dining room.
From there a flight of steps led down
to a tiled ante-room which now serves
as a very good pantry for the Ameri
cans. '
From tfce tiled room there was an
other Tight of steps that led down
to the real dugout. This was blocked
by a huge iron door, about one Inch
in thickness, which could be locked
from the inside only.
Within, it was fastened by a double
bolt which would do credit to an
American banking establishment. The
dugout itself was luxuriously equip
ped. The emperor's dugout was similar
except that It was much deeper under
ground and there were two entrances,
one through the villa and the other
from the grounds. The main entrance
was from the. house and led down a
long flight of sttps. Another touch
con-! to the picture was added todav when
a German resident of Alx-le-C hapelle
told the correspondent of The Associ
ated Press that the crown prince
spent virtually all i' his time in
amusement.
FREEDOM OF CITY
(Bv TT.-Iptt Leofsl 'lr'.
DUBLIN. Ireland, Dec. 27 (By the
Associated Press.) The lord mayor
has summoned a special meeting of
the corooration to confer the freedom
struments which would set up furi-Iof the city on Present Wilson.
At many towns in Ireland resolu-
aearcr to success than any other
player. He left the Red Sox in
second place in 1917 to join the
navy. But the Sox hail won tha
pennant in 1915 and lalti and
copped it in 1918.
ous buzzing, whenever an airplane ap
Deared anywhere near. At the first
sound from this contrivance HInden-
burg and the kaiser used to run to
shelter, it Is reported. People who
worked about the HIndenburg establishment.-
said that he was continu
ally running for cover.
America's representatives on the
International armistice commission
tions were recently adopted inviting
President Wilson to visit that country.
After the announcement that the
new deficiency bill is $6,347,755,666.04.
who will dare say we are not keep
ing accurate account of every cent we
spend?
tlon. The first renearsal will be held
on next Thursday night in the board
room of the Y. M. C. A. at 7:30. At
present, 18 fellows have signed up, all j
M 1 . J.wm Ana Tf Vntt
play, come around to the rehearsals.
Our Inter-Church league is under
way now. the Methodist and Catholic
boys having a dandy team all ready.
Baptist, Presbyterian, Episcopal and
the other churches will have to hurry
up, or they will be out of the running
for the loving cup.
Start the New Year right, and have
a big time, we nave in tne past oy
having the Douglas-Bisbee relay race.
This year the race is called off on ac
count of the "flu" quarantine. In place
of the race this year, a big program
will be put on in the gym. The boys
can bring their dads, but It will have
to be stag. There are a number of sur
prises on the program. One of the big
events will be a basketball game. The
rest of the program will be musical
and athletic stunts by the fellows
themselves. John Brownlia chairman
of the Boys' Athletic committee, is :n
charge of the program. There will
be eats and everything- that makes a
good time. A charge of 10 cents per
person will be made to cover expense.
-Well Dressed Mem i
A new gym .ciaB's will be started In
the very near future. The idea of the
class will be to develop leaders in our
boys' physical department, and at the .41
same time to allow the boys to special
ize in the branch of gymnasium work
they prefer. Mr. Davis, our new
physical director, is very enthusiastic
over the prospect of such a class. The
class will be made up of the older
boys in the boys' department. Unless
forced to change, they will meet three
times a week, Monday and Wednesday
from 5 to 5:45, and Saturday mornrng
from 10:15 to ,11.
Are you a member of the "Y"? That
is the most familiar question among
the boys of Bisbee now, and why
should it not be? The boys are after
400 boys for the department, and they
will get there. The merchants of Bis
bee are also after the boys, and in
favor of the "T." Al Kobey thinks so
much of the idea that he is giving
three sweater -coats to be nsed as a
prize. Then the Fair store is giving
two pairs of shoes. Mr. J. C. Penny
has offered two excellent boys' caps,
Miller's Hat Shop, anything in the
house up to S10. Schwarts Brothers
will give a pair of Regal shoes. These
prizes are enough to make any fellow
work.
CUBAN PAPER RESUMES.
(Bv Review LoaMid Wir)
HAVANA. Dec: - 27. The liberal
newspaper El Heraldo de Cuba, which
was suppressed Tuesday by the po
lice; has been given permission to pub
lish today under authority granted by
the secretary of the Interior. This is
believed to be the first result of the
meeting Thursday of conservative
and liberal leaders who agreed to ap
point a Joint committee to re-establish
political tranquility In Cuba.
El Heraldo was suppressed for pub
lication of an attack agninst . un
named persons, but believed to have
been officials of the present Cuban
government, after Carlos Mendlel, its
editor, had challenged Food Controller
Andre to a duel. Andre declined. A
committee, appointed to decide If
there should be a duel, has not yet
announced Its findings.
FORMER GOVERNOR DEAD
(Rv Rvl-w Lraied Wlr)
LITTLE noCK, Ark.. Dec. 27. For-;
mer Gov. Dale W. Jones died here to- i
day. He was born In Bowie county,
Texas, December 15. 1839. He served
two terms as governor and one as at
my their Liothm
TT
Here
M iMsaiMsWss mm mbm snaaMM bmbm MM aw sM bm mm
(
So many stores lay claim to selling "the best" men's clothing, that it is difficult to
tell from an advertisement where to go.
i
However, it is well to remember that this store sells only clothing of the highest
character, guaranteed as to fit, quality and serviceability. The element o chance
doesn't enter into purchases made hero. You are SURE of being satisfied with any
suit or overcoat you buy from us with the trade mark. ;
MA1RT OTM
1 HU;iL tW JILILA. 11
AND MARX
raw
1L II. 1 HRJRi
Best in War is Best in Peace
In wa'r quality, in men and munitions is vital, inferiority, cheapness, adulteration
are fatal; treason! "Carry on" with that idea in peace things.
War has taught the people to save; to gtt the most out of things; to get things
that have the "most" in them. That's a great lesson for peace.
In clothes it means all wool fabrics aand best tailoring Hart, Schaffner & Marx
Clothes we have them, because there's the most in them for you; and by giving you
"most" we get the most. It always works that way.
TO I
II
Any careiui uuscrume ui uio uu - .n governor and one SB T- - n vw r
TWO MORE DAYS IN WHICH TO MAKE GOOD W. S. S. PLEDGES
help get well organized by Tuesday night. No school New Year s day. colonel in the Confederate army. Vlli- A w
V
- t
!