TWO SECTIONS
-Sixteen Pages.
Associated Press Special Leased Wice Service.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, APRIL 14, 1918.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOL 20. No. 265.
era
M
3 H
. .- --
" "
SI
. r?? Eli
8 8 S
. ' i
- FRENCH HAH
ADVAN CES Oil
SILL FRONT
Trenches Taken on Sector
Two-Thii ds of Mile Wide
While Germans Declare
Troops Are Gaining.
tHy rt"vl w Lns-d TYIref
I'AHIS. April V! French troops in
tii attack tcmiaiit northwest of Or
villes ?vrl made an advance of sev
tral bundled meters along a front of
about two ti.irda of a mile, arvord
jng to the war office announcement
Tt.tiitit . A German attack in the Noy
(n hpftur was repulsed with heavy
losses to tl,e enemy.
The ten reads:
"There were artillery duels at vari
ous points noith of Montdidier. not
j'biy in the ivjion of Contigny and
Grivesnes.
"W-ft of I.assigny our troops de
livered en a'tack against the wooj
north west, of Orvillers-Sorel. On a
iroul of about 1.2ihi meters we made
an adtanc-e several hundred meters
i!i d pth and took a number of pris
oners. "In the Xoyon sector special storm
ing troops who lounched an altatk
:iecai:i.-t our positions were caught
under ur fire before being able to
t-:-a h our l ues and suffered a sangniu
My check.
"There was quite heavy artillery ac
tion on Hill -544. Kparges and in the
J'arroy forest. .
GERMANS CLAIM GAINS
BERLIN' (Via London) April 13.
The official statement front general
headquarters toi.iht says:
"On the battle fi-;d of the Lys cur
a; ta kh against English divisions
which which bad been brought up as
quickly as possible in motor cars and
by railway, made good progress.
"From the heights of Messines we
pushed forward across the Steeabeke
river and reached the eastern border
of Wulverghem.
"Troops which had advanced to the
south of Pioegsteert wood swung
around towards the north in a rapir
r.nd Independent action under regi
mental commander. Lieutenant Col
mnel Polmarn and took the fortified
ii.-it.-lit of I(nbignol by storm and
joined hands with a detachment which,
b.td advanced to the nortli along the
w cod.
Wood I Takqn
"The strongly wired wod which
v.otild have been difficult to capture
li" mens of a frontal attack fell
through being surrounded.
"Between the railway leading
from Armentieres to Bailleul and Mer
ville, we carried our attack forward
as far as the reailway leading from
l!eilpiil to Merris atui as far as the
eastern border of Xicppe woofi.
"To the south of Merville our ioops
captured the Clarence river and t.'ter
having taken l.ocon hv storm reached
ljtbassee canal to the northwest
Uethune.
"On the battle front on both sides
of the s'omme lively artillery duels
continue in many sectors. Local ad
vances of our infantry on both sides
of the Luce resulted in the bringing
?n of 4" prisoners, French and Eng
lish. "Between" the Meuse and the Ma
selle reronnoitering detachments pene
trated the Freuch and American
trenches and took prisoners. In
counter attacks the enemy suffered
heavy losses.
'In the other theaters there is noth
ing new."
COUNTER
(V.y Review leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. April IS Meager
report' from the battle, front in Fland
ers today indicated that the British
army was loyally responding to the
appeal of its commander, and hedding
primly against renewed German as
Faulty. Meanwhile officers here discussed
Field Marshal Haig's call to his forces
to fight to the last man.
The meaning and purpose of the or
der were variously construed. Some
ttf'icerr hailed it as forecasting the
counter offensive by the united allied
aniiies. Others were disquieted.
Officer Optimistic.
The var department was without in
formation that would throw- light on
the battle situation. Officers who
have followed the progress of the
fight from hour to hour in press bul
letins, however, were very optimistic.
Thev sew no reason to doubt that re
serves in sufficient numbers to war
rant a counter offensive were avail
able behind the fighting front, and
they aNo noted with satisfaction Gen
Tommies Retake
Neuve Englise in
Thrilling Battle
c'.tv Review leased "Wire)
I ON DON. April 13. The Ger
mans were driven out of Neuve
ugnse by the British this niorn
in?, according to the report from
r l-ld .Marshal Haigs heJdquarter.i
tonight.
The t?xt of the statement reads:
"As a result of th efighting last
night in the neighborhood of
Neuve Englise, the enemy suc
ceeded after a prolonged strug
gle in forcing his way into the
village. This morning he was vig
orously counter attacked by our
troops and driven out. leaving a
number of prisenrs in our hands.
"A number of other atta.-ks
were made by the enemy uns'ie
seccfully at different points alor.g
the battle front north of LaBas
ste canal. Three separate attacks
against our line southwest and
west and north of Merville were
in each case repulsed after heavy
fighting.
"'An attack made by the enemy
south of Meteren was successful
ly driven back and four attacks
launched against our positions
nnufhrnnt ut H iill"iil were beaten
off.
"This afternoon another hostile
attack in strength was developed
between the Meteren-Bucquoy
river, southwest of Meteren and
Wulverghein. Severe fighting
has taken place on the whole of
this front.
ittD FALLS
f mmWI 111
III 1 I J ft P I 1 1 U I M I
III It I VI I II I IU
j I liLlivJH Hi
Germans Employ Six Arimes
in Effort to Force Entire
British Armies to Leave
Northern France.
WITH THE FRENCH ARMY
FRANCE. April 13. (By the Associat-j
ed rrtfs All efforts of the German
. . . . . ,,
h.ga command for the present are di-
rcx-te.1 tomoward to he systematic
struction of the British armies.
Having fat ed to break the com-
munications between the British and
Frenc h, the enemy has turned his ole
attention northward and it appears
likely that the Germans will continue
to throw all their available strength !
in that direction. .
The plan seems to be to deliver a
succession of hammering blows at dif-
terent points between the bomme ana
the aerv and with the desire of bring-.
ir.g about a British evacuation of the j
n'-re northern district of France.
Six German armies are participat-,
ing in the battle raging along the front j
BITTER BATTLE
on Arnim a, tto on Below- s, on j Dy prisoners taken on Wednesday, tha
Marw lr', Otto Von BeloWs. Von Huithe Germans had been ordered to pen-
tiers and on Bot-hm s on the esat of
the Oise.
The Germans, owing to their pos-j
sestion of interior lines of communica
tion inside the semi-circle formed by
the ttcnt, are able to move their stra
tegic reserves with greater facility
ttuin the allies, and thus by surprise
attacks with rapidly concentrated su-1
Tenor forces can compel the retire-jer
.
I.
(Continued on Page Three)
DRIVE PREDICTED
eral Haig's announcement that French t
rein:'crcement8 were coming up.
In the view of some officers, the
German front as it now stands places
the Germans In Jopardy in two places. .
The wide salient driven toward Am-
Iciis appears to them susceptible of .
flank assault by the French from the
south and southwest while in Flanders
the iitrrow salient driven into the
British lines leaves the v Teutonic
flanks exposed.
There are many reasons, it was said.
to anticipate that any French counter,
stroke, designed to take pressure off douM as to the extent to which these
the British front in Flanders may be reports are to be credited. In some
delivered south and east of Montdidier. quarters the sudden drop in submarine
For this reason developments at Han- singings last week lent color to the
gard. Gallantly regained by the French possibility of a German naval drive to
today, are being followed closely. supplement the land operations, the
Expect NavaRaid. explanation being that the submarines
The participation of American j had teen called in to prepare for co
troops with the French in vigorously operation with the fleet,
repelling German assaults, as report- i Undoubtedly, it was said, the Ger
ed by the French official statement man drives in Picardy and in Flanders
was welcomed by officers here. They were for the purpose of capturing the
saw in the report evidence that the
men have all the dash and enterprise (Continued en rage Three!
SAMMIES HURL
BACK TEUTON
K
Americans Go Into Battle
Singing Despite Six Day
Fight; Scrap Lasts During
Entire Day.
WITH THE AMERICAN' ARMY IX
FRANCE. April 13. (By the Associated
Press) Yesterday's battle was the
first all-day struggle in which the Am
erican troops have been engaged. Two
German attacksT which were delivered
in force against the American posi
tions, northwest of Toul. were repuls
ed w ith heavy casualties to the enemy,
including thirty-six prisoners left in
the hands of the Americans. Ameri
can losses were slight.
The fighting began with one of the
most violent bombardments evjer laid
down in that sector. During Thursday
night the Germans kept up a haras
sing fire, throwing many gas shells
into the American position. The first
attack he an at about fi o'clock in the
mnrninp and wna riihArted apainst th-!
French troops on the left flank of the
American forces in the forest of Apre-
mont. I
Male r.iintrr Attar.lr I
While this was goin gon the Ameri
can troops made a counter attack on
the German line, moving forward be
hind a perfect curtain of fire. The
enemy, driven out of his trenches, wa
forre(1 t0 fisht in tbe ren-
A deadlv machine run and n.n-v
fatic rine fire was pured int iei
cuciu . who unticu riuuuorii re-i.i-
ance at first, but later retreated" to
their second line, hotly pursued by the i
America ntroops. Sesultorv- fighting
continued fo nwveral hourr-.
Tbe Germans again attacked at 11
o'clock at a point further to the riht.
The American barrage firo cut them
off. but the German officers throve
their men through the exploding shells
until a fe wsucceeded in penetrating j
the American front line. j
A counter attack which was in-
i mediately launched by the Americans.
HOC
TROOPS
, ejected the enemy, driving them back ,
!to his positions. The struggle con-'
: tinned to sway back and forth for sev-j
Jertl hours.
IN Guns Still Working
While the action was at its height
,hp commander of an American ma-
enme pun unit reoorted to nts f uel
ithat h emp!a.
de-!nients had bn , ,
; .. ,8 worki ljke he -
Tha attacks were made by the re.
, organized 0f S00 shock troops
who failed to re3Ch lhe Amerioan po.
Kii,on8 , tnPir gi?antic railJ on
, VVprtn.Knflv. .a w. fin .
out bv plcked men fr0 mothpr unltg j
The German prisoners, who belonged !
, (jjfferent organizations, said the 1
attack was ordered to avenge the
crushing defeat administered to the
enemv n Wednesdav. Five of the
prisoners were Khlans and all of th!
men taken were carrving haversacks!
well filled, as if in nreoaration fo.. a
protracted stay in the American
etrate the American third line at all i
costs.
French Give Praise
. . . . i.i .... . . .
mi- .rjops, a.tuu.iKU l:M,nni!in, . ...... ,, ,.,,uirmJ
from nearly six days of infantry ac
rt.ii nonr v r H u -j rtf infniitrv nr. :
tivity went into their positions singing
and expressing their pleasure at an
opportunity to fight in the open in
preference to what thiey termed sew
fighting." The residents of villages
(Continued on Pago Three)
expected of them and are coming into
action like veterans.
Intimations from neutral sources
tha; Germany has been preparing for
a naval offensive, as contained in
press reports; reaching this country.
already have come to the navy depart-
m?nt in a more official way. Mobiliz
ation of naval reserves at the fleet
bases, assembly of supplies and other
activities indicating plans for a dash
to sea have been reported for some
weeks.
Navy officials however, were in
mWM HAIG'S ARMY
mm, Bfe nuu runu.L0
wtsmA mm'mMYi lib- M
sjl -yr "sftL tvv 0 ':----.-.:-i. I v 1 W ? I
V:V-;' 5''N 'Sv A1
m -MS 7jr rr- TM T "V-C " . ' mw T. " . T M I MM r M iT-" I
i ! I : : '-
LIBERTY
REPUBLICAN LEADER
DENOUNCES LW.W.
TRAITORSJN TALK
Hays Declares Wobblies Are
Traitors and Would Give
Them "Medicine" Standing
Against the Wall.
I (My Review l.i-ascl Wlre
SAN FRANCISCO. April IS. Scath
' ing denunciation of the industrial
I Workers of the World, a plea for uni
fied action and industrial peace at
t home, and the declaration of he re
publican party for peace by victory
only, and not by compromise bargain
ins. ' 1 v mi mucu ill nil o ' I ' 1 1 - uric
Inn I .. . .1 . . .1 I .11 1. ......
- - ' '
) the republican national romniitee at
I a banquet tendered him by leaders
'of his party. Mr. Hays arrived here
late last night. The banquet was rh?
culmination of his efforts to conciliate
and harmonize the various factions in
California of the irepublican party.
Men of all wings were his visitors
during the day.
Significance was attached by poli
ticians to Hays' statement, made alter
a meetlpg today, that "there werf no
moit factions in the republican party."
"We must have a forward stpping
as well as a forward looking program
for labor." Mr. Hays said in his ad
dress. "The labor In this cTjntrv
constitutes Its greatest asset. In this
crisis the labor of the country is its
salvation. Today and in the futur".
lhe lator fh this country is entitled
to and must receive p fair represen
tation in all councils of the nat'oR
"Labor in this couutry today is giv
ing in full measure to the country's
cause. The welfare of these men miist
have that consideration that guaran
tees to them that to which- In all lair
ness they are entitled. We must haxe
Just remedial legislation for the bet
terment of this great mass or our
population at all tinies. not only be
cause it is their due, but also that bv
justice always we can prevent such
propt (vinda as that insiduous c iminal
influence o fthe I. W. W. and insure
that it will not take hold in the rartks
of real labor
"And the lawless individual 1 lint
puts the snikes in the spruce !o;s. as
they are doing in Seattle that law-
(Continued on Page Three
QUOTA. IS
Cochise County
And District to
Go Over the Top
Practically every city In Cochise
countv will be awarded the Liberty
bond honor flags w ith the close of the
campaign now in progress. Bishee
and the Warren distric t. Douglas and
several other communities will
over their allotted nuotas
by large
cripticn ot
amounts. The entire subs
the county will be almost if not quite
double the allotment.
These conclusions had been reach
ed last night by, J. X. Gains" of the
county drive, and others connected
with the third Liberty ond campaign
in Ccchise county. Figures at hand
with the closing of the banks in this
district and in Douglas indicated tht
without counting large siims whicli
(Continued on Itge Three!
What U. S. May
Face Some Day
DALLAS. Texas. April 13. The
following statement was issued to- I
dav bv the federal reserve bank
here, relative to the Liberty loan ;
campaign:
'If tho nennle of rlio United (
J States want to contribute as much
In proportion to the war as have (
( the people of Fram e, they will have .
to raise ninety billions of dollars. !
If they want to do as well as the ;
Hngli.--'i. they must raise at least
' seven billion dollars. These figures
take into account the loans and
J taxes raised fur war purposes in '
S the countries mentioned and take
also into account the population
i and national income of each conn- '
; try.
i "It mav come as a shock to some .
of lis to find tha' up to the present f
V we have done ccmparativelv so Iil-
! tie. Without one word of disparage
J merit of the splendid effort now lu
ll ing put forth, let it he understood
, that as a nation we have lent to
i the war merely out of our surplus
wealth meney we did nut need.
"The Frenchman and the Klig. ,
' lishman is weariii; old clonics and
. patc'-ed slim s. He is I'ving on less
food IhRn formerly. Mis wife iv
; working in an ammunition factorv
J or on a farm ll's sons are either '
I fichtinc or dead It us think of
, these things and let not only our
; duty hut our American pride guide
us as we subscribe to the third Lin
i erty loan."
ASSURED
mm
AiirnmAi
-at
MISSOURI IS JAILED
! Newspaper Interview Given
Out Causes Arrest; bays
Teutons Will Win War in
Next Six Months.
ST LOUIS. April 13 Dr Charles
W. Weinsberg of St. Iiuis. president
" ' o' tht .Missouri .branch of the Garmaii
Anierican alliance, was arrested o
i n-ht on a warrant issued from the
United States district attorneys office
5 cha:ging violation of the espionage ret
:Hc will be held in jail without bond
iM-iiuing his appearance Monday be
; fore the United States commission'T.
The action was based on an alleged
(Continued on Tase Three),
hVns repulse
Illy Ke jew I.CiiS'-d 'hv
l'KRLIN. I Via London April
13. An official statement issu-d
tonight says:
"British naval forces, consist
ing of monitors, torpedo craft i.ii'l
air craft, attacked the coast Thurs
day night. Ostend ws bombarded
with heavy calibre kuiis and -iir-cralt
bombarded "ebrugge. The
attacks were beaten off without
trouble bv our batteries. Tl'tvr
was no damage.
M0RE BONDS
I I'.y lew t.e:is-d Vite
WASHINGTON. April 1.5.- ( er
optimism, which has prompted
workers in many communities '
suspend operations after reaching
their quota or to slacken their cf
lolls, appeared today to officials
as : serious menace to the suc
cess of the third l.ibcrtv loan.
This rendition was evident in
scores of reports to headquart'Ts
Federal reserve banks repotted
inquiries from lcsc.il committee
c h:.iinien whether they should sits
pend advertising after a town's
oal wa- reached, and other mes
I 1 I Will Villi
ALLIANCE
HEAD
English Counter Drives in
Many Sectors Successful in
Regaining Towns That Teu
tons Have Held.
WiTII THE BRITISH ARMY IX
FRANCE. April 13..-1 By the Associat
ed Press.) German hordes this morn
ing continued to deliver sledge ham
mer blows in the Bailluel sectors in
an attempt to break through and r,ni
possession of the important railway
junctions at Hazebrouck and Aire but
the I rilish still were hanging dogged
ly to the gateways leading westwan'.
i After a night of desperate fgihting
there was no great change in the -situation
since last evening, but tha posi
tion of the defending troops se-mel
to he more cheerful.
The enemy's greatest gain was just
to the southwest of Bailleul wr.eit
hey pushed their lines forwaM hv
heavy attacks to the line of Haxen
hrouck, Bailleul railway. Throughout
the afternoon and night the German
kept hurling troops against this point
in an attempt to force the British
from Itailleul. but the latter h'd the
town and along the railway and the
cm inv got only as far as Merris. which
represented a gain of perhaps a thoti-
sand yards.
r Push Teuton Back.
I Between MaiIlut-1 and Neuve Fnglise
the British assumed the offensive
! during the night and. after biiter
fightin. pushed the Germ anlines back
' ronstiilerablyi Neuve Englise
Neuve Englise Itself
1 h!i Keti thf r-enfpi of a sntrninrv
struggle. The enemy last night drove
forward here and raptured the vi!-
i lage but a counter attack early
j day brought t back into the British,
hands. A heavy engagement was in
progress here this forenoon and at
I least four German attacks wer" re-
j pulsed.
tne nortnern ena ot me natii;
front naturally continued to b fh
center of interest, but on the south
J tire combined British and French op
erations last night gave the enemy
a hard knock. Hangard was recap
tured In a dashing drive by the allied
- troops and a footing was gained It a
I copse just north of this place,
j In the north the enemy is making
I desperate efforts to get the domina
tion of the railway, so that troops, guns
1 and supplies can be rushed forward.
Drive at North Line.
I The whole trend of the operations
' yesterday and last night was aimed
at the capture of Bailleul, Hazevrouck.
Morhepque. Steeubecque atlfl Aire, at1
of which are important railway towns.
The ground east of this sector is vc-ry
low and wet and is unfavorable for
the rapid movement of heavy gnns.
: Work on the Armentieres-Bailleul rail
I way has been rushed furiously h the
enemy since the occupation of the
former town and artilelry Is being
(Continued on rage Xhreel
n a va l a tta ck
'A torpedo boat approaching fia
lend was set afire and the crew
abandoned It. We captured the
boat with its complete equip
ment." LONDON. April 13. With ref
erence to the German official
statement claiming that in the at
tack on the coast of Flanders, a
British torpedo boat was set afire,
and canturcd by the Germans, the
admiralty says that only one
small motor boat is missing.
MUST BE SOLD
sages reflected a feeling that since
the first week's subscriptions had
been so much greater than those
o. the first week in the second
loan, the success of this campaign
was assured.
Messages from headquarters to
communities which showed signs
of letting up In their efforts,
stated that despite the success
that has attended the campaign
up to the present, hard work to
the ver ylast day Is necessary if
Secretary' McAdoo's hopes of a
large oversubscription are to be
realized. TWO
THE BI5BEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, APRIL 14, 1918.
I
Especial Interest Attaches to These MONDA Y OFFERINGS Because of Style Newness and Moderate Prices
f buv a Liber Bond ; : New SUITS, COATS, DRESSES, SKIRTS and MILLINERY
Buy a Liberty Bond
You ran do your bit at home t3 help
win this war. "Subscribe for the Third
Liberty Loan." The old excuse. "I can't
afford to buy," is not offered any more,
for every American fully realizes that he
cannot afford NOT TO BUY. That he
must make the sacrifices necessary to
supply the funds with which to purchase
his share of Liberty Bonds. DO IT NOW.
Extra Size Suits
$29.50 to $45.00
THERE WAS A TIME when the woman oi
large proportions had a dread of even shop
ping; for a Tailored Suit after the terrible
ordeal of a day spent in looking, she usually
returned home in disgust and disappointment.
BUT THIS CONDITION no longer exists,
the woman of 42 to 48 bust measure can come
to "The Fair" store and choose a suit with as
much style and smartness, distinction and In
dividuality as her more slender sister. Be
sides there's a variety from which to choose,
giving her the privilege of exercising the right
of preference of material and color.
Silk Underskirts $5.95
All New Colors and Shadas
HERE'S AN ASSORTMENT of Silk Under
skirts at $5.95 of which we are justly proud
one that we can offer our patrons with a de
gree of satisfaction that they cannot be equal
ed or excelled at the moderate price.
Made of excellent quality changeable taf
feta, fancy striped satin taffetas and silk Jer
sey with deep ruffled or pleated flounces, in
plain colors, white, black and changeable ef
fects, positively unmatchable at Monday's
price, $5.95.
y a;. : J IV'
v Pi m
"THE FAIR" STORE'S REPUTATION for wonderful
values and supremacy in style will be greatly enhanced this week.
Amazing as has been the values in the past, new shipments have
been received during the past week; many come through special
advantages in purchasing every garment measures up to our
standard of style and value and we can promise there will be no
disappointment for the woman who chooses her New Suit, Coat, Dress, Separate
Skirt, Blouse or Hat from this wonderful new stock.
BESIDES, she will find something exactly suited to her taste and requirements,
AND THE PRICE, one that she can easily afford to pay. "The Fair's" distinctiveness
and individuality is expressed in every model and every conceivable season's mate-.
rial and color is represented.
Suits That Decide Supremacy
Developed in the Newest Materials and Popular Colors
Priced at $29.50 and $32.50
FASHION STRONGLY FAVORS SUITS for wear throughout the summer, par
ticularly those smart novelty models and those we feature are modes that charming
ly describe the vogue for smart simplicity of design and trimming treatment; suits that
represent practically everything required by the well-dressed woman and there's ex
ceptional value in these two assortments at moderate prices $29.50 and $32.50.
AND LISTEN They are developed In all fashionable materials, in the bright new styles and colors
of summer, and workmanship material, and everything about them go to make them most UNUSUAL,
NEW and DIFFERENT, see them Monday.
$35.00 and $370
SUITS
HERB ARE SHOWN wonderful values la high
grade Suits. Don't confuse them. juit come to
see them but come prepared to share them for
you have never seen Suits that are more irresistlr
ble In "STYLE' and "VALUE."
The materials are pioret twills, serge, wool
jersey, poplins, checks and mixtures; some Ire
beautifully lined with novelty silks, while In
others the lining is of a color to harmonize or con
trast with the material; eton and pony coats,
others of longer length that are plain tailored.
Wonderful values.
$42.50 to $57.50
SUITS
SUITS OF SMARTNESS and individuality in
a broad range of the season's smartest styles.
In military effect, eton and pony coats, novelty
jackets with vestees and long roll collars; exclu
sive models and one of a kind.
Materials are those most demanded by Fash
ion in a range of the most wanted tones. Suits
that will fill you with enthusiasm and a desire
for ownership priced at $42.50. $45 and $47.50.
Pumps and
Oxfords for
Summer Wear
THERE IS AN efforts on the part
of some shoe manufacturers to force
the sale of rumps and Oxfords, but
to what degree women are willing to
accept this new idea, remains to be
seen. .
With short skirts still the fashion,
the nine Inch lace boot Is certainly a
more acceptable style in footwear, is
neater, and gives a smarter appear
ance to a perfectly shod foot and trim
ankle.
HOWEVER, this is not a matter for
us to settle, it is a question with each
lndfvidual and each woman must ans
wer it for herself. We have provided
a splendid assortment of the newest
modi-Is in 1'umps and Oxfords, so if
your fancy runs to lxw Shoes ym
may indulge your preference at tills
store; prices are reasonable" from $5
to $7.50.
Colored Kid Boots
Are Fashionable
The Ultra Styles
Are Here
$7.50 to $12.50
THIC ULTRA SMART MODELS and
I lie many exquisite clor combinations
of our new summer Boots win instant
favor under the most searching femi
nine examination. The superiority f
quality and excellence of workman
iJi;l is manfiest in every shoe.
IX OUR WONDERFUL STOCK you
will find jut the shoe you want, in
the proper leneth and width, in the
correct height, jthd in the right color
or combination, and with Mil the
"''" you can desire prices begin
at $6.50 and range upwards to $12.00.
White Kid Boots
$8.50 and $10
WHITE KID BOOTS at SS.50 and
$10 a pair, possessing all the style,
snap aiiil flash of shoes sellinu three
to lie dollars- more in fact, if pur
chased jn today's market, they would
have to sell lor tJiese higher prices.
Eight or nine inch lace tops, white
soles ami overed Louis heels. Won
der value at tliu moderate prices. $s..VI
and $!'.. We want you to see these
two boots: they're a!n;ot JrresiMibJe,
'hey fit so pel tecf ly.
ALL-WHITE QUEEN OF SUMMER MILLINERY Re-Pricing of Wool Jersey and Serge
Dresses, S17.95
AT "THE FAIR" there Is a dress or Jersey Cloth or Wool Serge
for every woman and at a price she can easily afford to pay. The
growing, growing tendency toward these two popular materials for
dresses used for every day business wear, street wear or for travel
ing, make this Monday offer one that should be enthusisattcally
received by the women of the Warren District.
The color range includes tan, gray, navy, green and black. The
cost of the material alone would equal the price we ask for the
completed garment, to say nothing of the cost of making; values
to $29.50 for $17.95.
Indescribable Skirts $8.50, $10
Upward to $18.50
STUNNING SPRING SKIRTS in a variety of fashionable mate
rials, colors and combinations. In addition to the most complete
assortment already In stock, new shipments reached us as late as
Saturday that will make shopping for Skirts of special interest to
morrow. ,
MODELS FOR street, traveling or dressy wear of wash satins,
fancy taffetas, foulards, satin baronette, faille and silk poplin in
stripes, plaids, figures and plain colors, priced at $8.50 to $18.50.
Wool skirts of serge, poplin, gaberdine, wool jersey and chultah
cloth in tow-toned plaids, novelty stripes and all staple shades,
$8.50 to $16.50.
Priced at $8.50 and $10.00
STEPS FROM THE THRONE of Fashion into the very center of interest. "WHITE,"
says the Fashion designers of the world. Let's make it a white season such as we have
never previously known. IN FOOTWEAR first and then topping it off with just the prop
er millinery thus the garments of spring an summer will be greatly enhanced.
AND NOW ON MONDAY THERE APPEARS THE VERY PERSONIFICA
TION OF FASHIONS IN THE "NEW WHITE HATS" THAT ARE TO BE
SPECIALLY FEATURED. ALL WHITE SUMMERY HATS OF FINE MI
LAN STRAW OR GEORGETTE COMBINED WITH SILK BRAID AND MI
LAN STRAW.
We could use this whole page describing the "NEW WHITE HATS' and then not even
begin to do them justice never have we scored such a signal of success in the exclusive
ness of ultra style SEE THEM MONDAY, priced at $8.50 and $10.00.
An Exceptional Millinery Offer
Smart Hats Reduced to $6.95
THERE WAS A VERY GRATIFYING response last Monday to a similar announcement that appeared In Sunday's Review, but
we expect even a large attendance of this Monday's sale, for the number and variety of hats, as well as the value contained In
them, justifies the prompt action of every woman contemplating such a purchase.
THERE ARE HATS OF every kind, for every use; strictly tailored hats, semi-dress and .dress hats in all suit shades. Among
them are Liseres, Milans and Hemp Hats as well as combinations or these favorite straws with Georgette Crepe; trimmings of rib
bon bows, fancy feathers, dainty floral wreaths and ornaments. Monday $6.95.
The Dry Goods Section Offers Important and Visit Our Infants9 Department
Interesting Saving Opportunities for Monday
THE THRIFTY WOMAN is watching every chance to save and increase the purchasing power of her DOL
LAR; she reads the advertisements that appear in the daily papers and then profits by what she reads, by taking
advantage of the special offerings that are made by the local merchant.
The woman who follows closely the advertisements or this store will have many chances to make large and
substantial savings and these items that are specially priced for Monday's selling merit your consideration.
New Bags and Purses
A wonderful new assortment of women's purses and bags In a
big variety of novel designs, from the small hand purse to the
extra large bag. In assorted leathers, silk and fancy ribbon and vel
vet, silk lined, fitted with coin purse and mirror, some have silver
frames.
Imported Pongee $1 to $2.50 yd.
Direct from the Orient in all weights for dresses and coats.
This is a silk that is always popular, and it has a wearing quality
which is out or the ordinary; 33 to 35 inches wide, per yard $1.00
to $2.50.
Silk Tricotine $2 yd.
This is the new silk for coats, suits and skirts, looks like jersey,
but wears much better; the colors ,are Joffre blue. French grey,
old rose, sand and white; 40 inches wide and washable.
Silk Foulard Ginghams $1.10
36 inches wide, fast colors, washable, plaids and floral designs
in Joffre blue, Sammy, tan, grey, green, lavender, pink, rose and
olive drab.
ip-;naj:;!.t-;-!:f!.-: .
New Draperies
For Spring
Every Good Kind
at Lowest Prices
When you start your spring house clean
ing, take a good look at your curtains and
draperies, it may be you would like to re
place them with a bright new set We are
showing just now a very complete line of
draperies, including cretons and silkolines,
in floral and conventional designs in a strik
ing color assortment. '.
Scrim. Etteimiiios and Swiss, in all tne
new patterns. Our line of Rugs. Couch cov
ers and Portieres are especially well select
ed. We also carry a Complete line of cur
tain rods and shades In all sizes. Hall
matting, etc.
Fancy Goods Specials for Monday
Silk Shirting $1.35 yd.
This is a special value, 33 inches wide, white grounds
with pen stripes and hair lines or In fast colors of rde,
pink, lavender, navy and light blue, rose and purple;
especially adaptable for shirts and shirt waists.
Ribbons l2 Price
In all the wanted widths from 1-4 to 3 inches, in
stripos, dots, plaids and broken figures, representing
a pleasing of popular colors, very popular for hat trim
ming, etc.
Silk Gingham $1.98 to $2.50 Q;JL. Tf:H:n rnnc 7Qr
This is the most popular fabric of the season, for Olil llllllllly LjUyj 4 ZL.
that summer frock. Plaids and checks in black, pink.
navy, copcu. red. plum and gray, the width Is 36 Inches.
Windsor Ties 25c
Plaids, dots and plain colors and stripes, in crepe de,
chine, mescaline and poplin, values to 75c, special 25c
Veiling Special 29c
These are real values in a pleasing color assortment
rose, white, brown, pink, navy, copen. purple, plum aud
green.
So useful, so convenient, for shopping, as well as
for your knitting, very attractive bags In navy, old rose,
black and white, blue, brown nnd white and .rose and
white. Regular values $3.50, extraordinary special 79c
Leather Bags $1.69
Special showing of women's leather bags and purses.
fitted with mirror and coin purse, silk lined, good steel
frames in black and colors, regular values $2. $2.25 and
$2.50. Extra special ...
$1.69
BON-TON CORSETS $3.50
THIS IS THE TIME OF THE YEAR when every one is buying new apparel
It is the best time to select new corsets. You want to look your prettiest, feel
comfortable, be graceful and correctly poised.
Then I ON TON are the ideal corsets for you! We say for you. because
"HON TON" corsets are designed for all figures. And nt $3. DO there are many
fashionable spring models in either front or buck lace styles, of rigureit I'.roi he
in flesh color or white, ail sizes.
$5, $6.50, $7.50 to $10
THEN there are s: ores of otlfer models at the above pi p e
rinc in ail tin: newest materials and shapes. liKM EM Hi-ill.
ail ar t.-r.-.c-ts are tilted by expert cor-eMe:cs v !!! a'ire
mm ol Lomfoil and satislactioti.
X 1 1 j- . '
IBonTonRS
OU RINFANTS' DEPARTMENT is replete with the largest nad
most comprehensive stock we have ever assembled, includiug the
loveliest little frocks that are strictly hand-made and petticoats of
the same high character.
Dresses in new and novel styles, that are pretty and fascinating'
because of their dainty simplicity, made with Empire waists and full
gathered skirts of the sheerest and finest of imported lawns and voiles,
with trimming of hand embroidery .fine laces and smocking, ages for
children from 1 to 4 years, prices begin as low as 75c and range up
wards by slow degrees to $3.50.
Wonderful Collection of
Smart Colored Dresses
For Children and Girls
At $1, $1.50, $2 Up to $5
THE NEW ARRIVALS of Colored Frocks for our children's ana
girls' department have been the cause of much favorable comment
from mothers who have recently paid this section a visit.
Mother has nothing on her little daughter when it comes to dresses
of smart appearance, attractiveness and down-to-the-last-minute in
style; for her you wlil find dainty little frocks that possess all the
smartness and distinction that mother could ask and that her little
daughter would demand.
MADE OF THE finest ginghams, percales, chaiubrays and madrases
with high waists and normal waistlines, full skirts that are pleated or
ruffled: trimmings of piping or bands In harmonizing or contrasting
colors, raldb, colored embroidery and smocking, sizes for girls from 2
to 16 years, prices begin at $1. $1.50. $2 aud upyards to $5.
Gowns,
Chemise and
Petticoats
$1.50
THIS is surely a wonder
ful value in dainty Under
muslins for women and in
cludes gowns, enevlopo chem
ise, petticoats and combina
tion suits.
They're made of fine quali
ty muslin or nainsook and
are prettily trimmed with
dainty laces, fine embroidery
and wash ribbons: the gowns
ar the slip-over style, round
or square yokes and sleeves
trimmed with lovely, fine
laces. The petticoats are full
ut. Ith deep flounce fin
ished with embroidery or
late. On sale Muuday at $150.
J
"Jack Tar'
Middies for Women
$1.50 to $3.50
IF YOU THINK THAT STYLES in
Middy Blouses do not change, you
should come to blouse section of 'Tbo
Fair" tomorrow aud realize your er
ror In thought.
WE HAVE just received the tirst
installment or the spring shipment ot
the fu in oils and popular "JACK TAR'
Middies, and while they still resemble
middies of ether seasons, there is as
much difference as can be ami still
-etain any of the old lines of the for
mer garment.
NOT ONLY are the styles different,
init the colors are new. and include
the bright, brilliant, daring shades
such hh you have never seen in mid
dies before. We'd le glad to show
j oil the ne "Jack Tar" middies at
your earliest couenieuie.
3
Silk Waists $2.45
BECAUSE OF many advantageous
purchases made by the "ANNEX"
store at prices much below real value,
many and substantial savings have
been provided for its patrons. It will
pay you to investigate the offerings
from this section.
Lingerie Waists
65c to $1.25
Surely a very wonderful value at
the price, some are made of crepe de
chine in white, flesh and maize and
lace trimmed. Others of tub-silk in
pretty stripes of bright colors, all sizes
at $2.45.
THE ANNEX store offers the best
values In the southwest in summer
Blouses and quite the best assortment
of styles, at 65c and upwards to $1.25
there are waists that should be selling
for half as much again as the prices
we ask; they are made of sheer fine
lawns and voile in white and neat
stripes, tailored styles and some lace
trimmed, all sizes.
Middies 65c
OUR STOCK or Middy Blouses Is
the largest this season we have ever
shown, and inded, the most valueful,
there are those of plain white jesns.
with collar, pockets and belt or bright
red or blue percale, ethers trimmed
with bright colored striped material,
there are splendid values at all prices
from 65c upwards to $1.25.
Union Suits
For Boys 45c
BOYS' Balbriggan Union Suits in
every color, with long sleeves and
ankle length, closed crotch, per suit
45c. Boys' Balbriggan shirts aud
drawers at 35c per garment.
Boys' Blouses 35c
In race or advancing costs of mate
rial and labor the "ANNEX" still
maintains its old price or 35c for boys
percale and chambray Blouses: they
are in a variety of light and dark
stripes, as well as plain blue and tan;
they are actually worth 5c each.
Boys' Shirts 45c
Boys' Shirts iu sises 13 to 14. made
of percale in plain white and neat col
ored stripes, attached collar, military
style, two olts at 45c and 65c.
Boys' Caps 25c
I OYS" Caps of gray and brown mix
tures, cassimers and worsteds, sizes
64 lo a for 25c each. A splendid
stcck of children's wash hats at 50c
each In white, stripe:., checks and
plaids. THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, APRIL 14, 1918.
THREE
Liberty Quota j
Is Now Assured
(Continued from Page On)
m be) subscribed Monday and Tuer
day. the rounfy has already rearrel
within a margin of Its quota.
Partial Figure Reached.
Fiirures for Bisbee late last eveninsr
pVowed that alreday, with the cirn
paign less than begun. $441. i'O has
been subscribed and is actually on
..- --r " " position to meet further German at
tee. This rerresents muih more than ' , .
one-half of the dfstriets's quota of
anproximately $750,000. Subscriptions
which are known to be pn route to the
district will bring this total almost to
the milion mark.
Douglas late last evening reported
that with subscriptions which are
known to he forthcoming, tlip border
rifv has gc.nn over its quota with $481
im assured as against an alotment of
t.'.Q.noo. Cctual pledges in the bor
der city, however, have not reached
the districts 113- .
Sever.fl large subscriptions have
been received in the Warren district
during the past several days. ThP
lTeest persona! subscription to reach
the local bands was from Dr. James
Douglas, whose purchase of bonds in
this district alone abounts to $75,000.
If is understood that approximately
the same sum has been tendered to
the Douglas district nv the doctor.
Other personal checks have been re
ceived by the banks in sums around
lu,0"0 and $12,000, while the num
fcers of subscribers who have taken
upwards of $1,000 and $2,000" in bonds
is mu'h larger than in cither of the
former drives. The largest corpora-1
tion suhsf riptions accredited to thejFr(.,ph Thpir attack between j
district to date has ben from the
I'liPlpsDodg. corporation, which nas :
purchased unwards of $22o,000 in ,
bonds from local banks. I
Buemess Houses Loyal.
Iocal business houses are reporting ;
,00 ,r cent loyalty Th the respon.es
to committees ca
Bisbee poWce.
i , .... B v"" 'H' l7
: "nl rar,,v li 7, ' r" uVi
75 per cent of its employe, had pur-
J 1 1 - t Jl
Secretarv McAdoo has decided to
ee-pt at thisjiine all over-subscription? ,
and believe that this counrv will mor i
than do its share to assist the govern-1
ment in this time of need. j
Sings in Theatres. '
Ijist night J. C. Rancourt. local vo-
ralist. appeared at the Eagle. Or-
pheum and Lyric theatres, singing, I
"What are yen doing for your I'ncle I
Same. What are you doing for the
bovs?" The song was enthusiastically i
"7" " y " . in "The country between Wytschaete
terday de-lanng that every girl in ! , . back to Hazebrouck is
the institution with the exception offn(' SSP V?,," Z r
one awav on vacation, had pledged in thf na,lurev,.fh a 8haI'?W bna,R'n f"
herself ,o the Purchase of at least one "'""ie? hlh Tund- nl"f J""
bend. Committees canvassing the ! basin the Germans have penetrated to
PhelpsDodge Mercantile company's n:num depth of about ten miles
store, they had secured shrdluetaoin j and on a front of. about 15 miles ba
store. reported Tliursdav evening that tPM' Ploegsteert wood and La Bas
with their work less than half com ! see, but they have failed to force the
pi. ted. th"v had secured from em-j British from the hills stretching west
ploves abcu't $5,600 :n pledges. At the , trc.w Wytschate and at the south end
Fair store committ.es met with the) of tuir attack have been held on the
same success. . ! Festubert. Givenchy and Hul-
Committee managers and others In ; luch and have thus kept from Bethune,
the district de.lare that the ready! which was their immediate objective
response o fpeople of the county is an i in that region. These two failures
indication that Ari7onans are at last 'leave them, in spite of all their gains
comin? to the realization of the r.ion-jin tne center, in an uncomfortable nar
strous task the nation has undertaken, j row salient dominated by higher
T-'ie-y do net believe that the oversub- i ground in the hands of the British,
scription in this district will tend in j "The British are in fact in a strong
any manner to disparage the small j position to meet further attacks whjeh
purchaser. Thev point to the fact that , are bound to come. Their own and
received in each bouse, and the audi-cupy
ence swung readily into the refreain !
anu c iinrus. i ne vim-him iu "Pi""" I undulating and broken and tne ae
again Monday evening in district the-feuiyo queues f which the Gritish
atres. and thereafter each night un- j c0.:ander-in--hief is not likely to
til the close of the drive Meantime. have overlooked.
copies wil be struck off and passed h fajli to break lhrouglx ypre8
through the audiences in an effort to Com,nes eanal an(1 Wytschaete and
make he song the most popular everj, l0 push the British from the ridge
heard here. ! ,.,. in..irj r-xxet the c.er-
, Ik . i T - J,
p aces in the theatres, it was dec.ued
at a committee meeting held last eve-'1"'
ning' in the commercial club rooms.
,he .nrt ' the ,ii.Hee an,! t- i
lined plans for the beginning of t!ie!e(l in today's newspapers.
actual ctTnpaign on Mondav. All ot j
the 30 odd committees of the district ! HANGARD FALLS TO
will begin the canvass of their divis-j CD 17 Mpir TM tJATTI C
ions with Monday, and it is anticipat-j rK-C-TlUrl llri DAI 1LX.
ed that the drive will be comnelted
before the end of the week, with ev
ery no.ee anu e.. r Po3 .r. " j
Members of the cmommiltee fol
lowing debate decided that they favor
the publication of all purchasers of
bonds and the sum subscribed in an
honor list. A resolution to this effect,
asking the ncv spapers to arrtnee to
iliL-f.l'jv . I, i-,-ii r.lt il-qq fldnt.teit
' i
GERMAN-AMERICAN
ALLIANCE HEAD IN
MISSOURI JAILED
C?.intinue from Prnre One)
declaration by Or. Weinsberg in a
newspaper interview that the war
would end in si X months with Ger
many as the victor.
Dr. Weins-l.urg in the newspaper In-
trriw is quoted fis predicting that'
the A:-stroe-r;rman forces would break ;
through the Italian lines as hi as
weather permitted and invade Frane-e
from the !t-ilnn frontier. This inva
sion, he said, would either outflank the
allid forces or will make it necessary
for tl.e French to fend troops which
they cannot spare to hold back the
new inroads. This wojld make pos
sible the breakiiig of the French lin-'s
elsewhere and would bring about tr.
defeat of France from which the R.i;
ish find American forces would have
to be withdrawn.
Material for an Interview is said to
havp been githercd by two reporters
who sought Dr. Weinsberg's opinion as
to the future of the German-American
alliance with special reference to vhe
state r-rnnrh of whirh he Is the heal
Dr Weinsberg was born in Germany !
f.2 years aco but came to the I'nit"d
St-jJco when be was IS years old.
SAMMY ESCAPES
PARIS. April 13. The first Ameri
can pri.-ion'T to escape from Germany.
.iys the T'nips. lia srearht'd i!.is.'l.
Switzerland.
Counter Drive
Is Predicted
ffnntinnel from Pas" One)
channel ports through which British
troops and supplies flow to the front.
AnMY LEADER CONFIDENT.
Vi'AS.HIN'CSTON. April 13. noth
French and British reinforcements are
reaching Sir Douglas Ilaig's army in
t Flr.niiers. which now is in a strong
ticks Major General James D.
Mc-
Larhlan, British army attache
here
said tor.ieht in a reviewing the situa-1
tion on the northern part of the long
wete.-n battle line
V. le the Germans have scored J
General McLachlan said, they have not
...
done as well as they hoped and each
hour their advance is delayed makes
victory for them less likely. By failing
to brtak through, the Germans find
themselves in, an awkward narrow
salient and for that reason the battle
i- i , ... i .... ...... . .
is bound to continue with great fero-
r'"y' .
, Delays Are Fatal.
t...h r-...u mruriuHin
scored,' said General McLachlan. "but
not so heavily as they would have lik
ed to have done. They have won no
decisive victory and each hour thf.t
their advance is delayed mages it less
likely that they will. They are in a
position not very different from that
which they occupied at the end of the
first, and what may be called mobile, ,
stage of the preceding battle f.rjencmy was pushed out and held off bis endeavors, oneerning Oatman con
Amiens. . . j the outskirts of the place. ditions. Mr. Burgess" yesterday con
"1 heir drive at Amiens, the Germans The whole southern part of Bailloul ; firmed recent reports as to dev"op-hopc-d
to separate the British from the ; broke into flames last night and burn-! men which have tended to establish
the Ypres-Comines canal and Ia Hasee
s rlr-nrlv meant to divide the British
army ro jt up and penetrate to the
coast of the English channel. In the
battlj for Amiens their attack to
.. iy,a nr,i,arT, nrHnn nf th I
JTrVas ad a! berL in ihe!
P..,R; in ,he '
whiie bending back the British line has
similarly failed In its object.
s Sha(ow Qasjn
ac-Frer.cti reinforcements are reaching
theiu; they have the ilne of hills run-J
ning from Wytschate on the line of,
Kommel, Scherpenberg Mont Koker-j
Celc Kruystrete. Saint Sylvcstre to
Cassel.
Battle to Continue.
-r0 achieve a success that will I
compensate them for the losses incur- i
red uy the great number of divisions
upJ in tne imtjal attack, the eGrmans I
h, n,.i nnlv to or-1
U-0se heights but to press on
through the country behind, which is '
maiir find themselves in an awkward-
I ly narrow salient. For that reason if
bound
. ' "... , . . ,
Marshi.1 Halg warned the British army
hlr. special order of the day, publish
(Continued from Page One)
ment of the ame8 at any point. Hither-I
to. owing to the great tenacity' of the
allit't,, the enemy has been unable to
carry out his plans of advance accord-
I ing to his pre-arranged program. This
i has been learned from orders captured
: on priFoners who have fallen into rl
i lied Lands in considerable numbers
these latter days during close fighting.
There? orders foresaw the capture of j
the iinc along the Lys river on April
9, vLile Bethune should have been I
taken on April 10 but it was saved by '
the vxnderful defense of the British at :
Givenchy.
On the French portion of the battle
line the principal fighting is progres
sing on the sectors toward Amiens, i
where the eGrmans persist in trying to j
pierce the line in order to obtain the i
mor::l victory of taking Amiens, hut
they are unable to overcome the p- j
tinuillnn ft ta 1iVonrtl T 1 1 1 r I Tl tr laot
'.'... ,u i.... ',. ,
1 1 1 f-, I J I. 1 1 1 IT , 'tl 1 11' , 1 I ' - 11 V . . . 1 . . (.-, .1 '
maoment, enemy assaults being im-1
inetlialely followed by French counter
ati-uks which resulted in the recap
ture of the important villages of Han-
gard with a number of prisoners.
SAMMIES HURL BACK
HUN SHOCK TROOPS
(Continued from Psce One)
i behind the lines si the Americans
j moving forward and shouted words of
: encouragement to the truck loads of
srailing men. who waved their taps
;ar.d cheered heartily. French officers
Jhave again praised the remarkable
. fihtinfr nimHi ie nnit.ihp ronrnee nf
the American infantrymen and the !
splendid co-operation shown bv the
American artillery. Some units of the
artillery were forced for long periods
to work in gas masks.
An artillery due lwhich was resum
ed last night with little interruption
until late this morning.
REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS
BRITISH TROOPS
HOLDING FIRM
(Oontinue.1 fiom Pnife One)
! moved forward as rapidly as possi-
' 0rtllan oasaultis vestevday
jcnd ,..st night WPre very hPaVy. TnPy
t cin rr.f11w liA avttrtatt In f 1 1 r rr ir
I the method of massed attack being
employed by the enemy, who must ba
giv-n credit for showing great dis-
cipl.nc and sticking powers in the face
of terrific punishment from machine
guns and artillery.
Yesterday afternoon a heavy attack
north of Locon forced the British to
I trivt SnmA ffrnitnfl Affqin loot ninlit
. ti .
?; "'IT , ,h Jn i ,i
forward east of Locon and succeo ',.
" E?1 ."
-;inMiiP luuuwra ami ine enemy whs
finally driven back.
Smash Enemy Assault.
Not satisfied with this, the Germans
attacked again In the same place, anil
once more the assault was smashed,
Another attack southwest of Lchiit
flisfi WAS renillseit Pnheen ertnltiiL-a.it
-- - - -
of Merville, was the scene of heavy!
fighting last night and this morning i
tne piace fitiij appeared to be a battle ;
ground which neither side could claim,
i.ortn or Here the British had clung
to St. Floris, to which the Germans
were tiying to drive in order to reach
Aire. Merville was strogly held by the
enemy this morning. In the fighting
pboul Bailleul last night The Germans
succeeded in penetrating Merris and
here a hot fight was exchaneed at
ciose quarters with the result that the
ej fiercely, the glow of the fire be-
jcg visible against the clouds for miles
acrus the low lving country. Le , ters wno Drougni us standing into
Creche was again in British hands thi: question and' is now advancing along
rooming, this place representing ? nurt ' iPRitimate lines with the attendance
of the result of last night's counter at-1 of more ore an1 eer future pros-
x,. j -
"s of EngUse there Fs an ,
situation.
IDLE WIVES SHOWS j
PLOT WITHIN PLOT
Idle Wives," the fniversal film
within a film which will show today at
ment on discontent. ' To those who
are dise)ntentedr o 'husbands and
wives who are drifting apart, to those
in comfortable circumstances who are
envious of those whose wealth is
greater, and to the working man and
woman, "Idle Wives" exercises a
powerful appeal.
The piay was designed by its auth
or. James openheim, to show' that dis- j
content is the principal cause which I
results in misunderstanding and leads I
to the diveoree mill and the downfall
cf young girls. Young men whose
methods of living are a menace to j
the community in which they dwell j
will find much for their benefit in the
picture, while headstrong girls who j
seek pleasures in forbidden paths,
will reap a great
lesson from the
drama.
The picture has the direct appeal ot
Universal productions. It is in the
"ature of a wamine to the ignorant.
11 offers a contrast of the rich and
Prr. nd varied picture3 of life
a it really lived. It is a play which
win indelibly impress itself on the
memory and which is well worth the
seeing.
TO SEIZE WHEAT
ilv tpV'"w liniwd Wire)
BOZFMAN. Mont., April 13 Alfred
Atkinson, state food administrator.
stfted today he had received blanket
authority from the President t3 seize
wheat crops and in several Instances
has exercised this authority. Ganeral
action against farmers boardins wheat
will not be begun however, until after
seeding.
: .-
REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS
'WIN TIIE WAR, NOW." IS SLOGAN
WILL HAYS TAKES TO TIIE WEST
New photo of Will Hays and
Realizing that the west will haye
president of the United States, vt in nays, me new i."j.um. .;.. iia" '
ihaiim.an. is making a tour of the lcndii.y v.esti in rities this month. 1 he
pu-jo-c of tke trip is not wholly political. Chatimati H:is u boOo'iiii; le
third Litertv loau and talking "Win the War. Now."
MINING EXPERTS
VISIT SAC HILL
Norman Carmichael. general mana
ger of t'ie Arizona Copper company,
and J. A. Burgess, manager of Tinted
Eastern at ("hitman, were visitors of
prominence in the district Friday and
Saturday.
Both werp gttraeted by the gigan
tic operations on Sacramento hill,
which are engaging the interest ol
mining men throughout the country
' Bnd ,aonlnK vlsl,s f among
: h . number almost daily. Not only
, Is the magnitude of the tas and the
m.,h.nlr.i r0 nts nvolved in its rem-
j duct eause for interest, but much more
j g0 ls ,ne interesting metallurgical
j sijp an(J tne promise the enterprise
! carries of making lower grade ores
'susceptible to profitable treatment
1 and therefore more commercially
!....:i.t.lA hnn : a
ovmiiiuin 111(111 ' " 1 unuic III AlUUIIA.
Kofi Mr. Carmichael and Mr. Burg-
ess expressed miicti satisfati-ion with
their visits. Mr. Burecss. incidental-
lv, is the voungest of the Arizona
mine managers, both in point of years
i and of time during which he has been
: eneaged in the state. He assumej his
! duties fit Oatman after a fiv-yeur
' period of operations in Nevada, and
! experience In other states. He has
, aerrniDlished much sine etaking hold
' at Oatman and has earned the high
respect of those who have watrhed
the belief that the district fs out of
! the woods as regards the wild cat-
! nerl tinn ever hefore enioved
Concerning the Clifton-Morenci dis-
i trict, Mr. Carmichael said yesterday
tnat tney were duck io praciicauy
normal production and general con
ditions. The only question pending
is that of wages, which is in the
hands cf the government, and has
been since the visit of the commission
headed by Secretary of Labor Wilson.
Announcement of the scale for the
district may come at any time. In
the interim the order of the commis-
.. 1 . V. ...... r.. nV UA
wages is being followed, and
all else being dene that is possible to
the end of giving the government the
service of the 'mines, mills and smel
ters of the district at maximum.
FORMER RESIDENT OF
DISTRICT PROPOSED
FOR POLITICAL JOB
P. A. Nathan, formerly of this cit
and Warren, but during the last yet
manager of the New Cornelia Coppt
city
ear
r
company's co-operative storeat Ajo.
is to become a member of the board
of supervisors of Pima county. That
is, the Tucson papers have gone to
some length recently in announcing
and commending his candidacy, and
the fact that he is a candidate tells
the rest of the story for Warren dis
trict people. They know "Pat" well
enough to discard doubt that candi
dacy in his case does not also mean
election. The latter becomes merely
a matter of form in this instances.
Pat "Nathan lived in the Warren dis
trict more than 15 years. He came
here as a youth, and at a period in the
I develoDment of the district in which
; there was every opportunity if not
inducement, for a young man to take
the wrong path. He put his feet on
the right trail, however, and kept
them there. His advancement wis
steady from the very bottom of the
, ladder, although the climbing doubt
less seemed exceedingly slow at times.
He was well toward the top in the
sketch of him on western trip.
a lot to say about who is the next-
purchasing department of Calumet & '
Arizona, one of the larspst and mot!
reliable in all the west, when Xi"
opening for promotion came in the
need of a competent business tuan:
with experience in the buying divi !
sicn to take charge of the big stor;
it was proposed to operate on a proiil
sharing basis at Ajo. Nathan wps '
chosen for the work and according Th gre fc UM 000
to all accounts has made a high suc
cess of it in the public eye. not with-! "Smiths lifted in the allotment and
standing the handicap he carried o' , ullo-rance filps or the Bureau of War
being compelled to buy the stock. To' Ki.-k Insurance of the treasury depart-
nis storp at tne top rigures v.liicn !iaa
come about in all lines of merchan
dise in 1917.
Aio, under assessment that ba. been ipdex trays and a good-sized squad of ' and i rganization at time of application
made, will add 100 per cent to the as-i fiiing experts to keep track of all the , in theii applications and in letters ad
sessed valuation of Pima county this; enlisted men In the fighting forces of dreascl to the bureau,
year. Tiie citizens of the Aio distrWf thd rotntry who answer to the name! Aab First Name on List
concluded after hearing about this : 0; "pniith." I i'ht honor of holding first place In
that they were entitled to a business1 There are more than 2.000,000 cards j the alphabetical card catalogue sys
representative on the board of super- j jn the allotment and allowance files of ' tern frees to Clayton Aloyslus Aab. sec
visors and a chance to share In the 1 the I urean of War-Risk Insurance, and . ong class seaman, now somewhere on
spending of the county s mcnev. So,
they called a mass' meeting and delib
erately picked out the best business
man among them and announced htm :
as a candidate for supervisor That,
is w hy Pat Nathan will run for sun-'
erivsor in Pima countv. Tucson has ;
conceded the justice of the Aio cla'm j
and Is for Nathan. So it looks Ifke
a walk, as It should be, for the former !
Warren district man. His hundreds .
of friends here, however, do not doubt , name is "Mary." There are 15,000 signatures, by incomplete addressee
but that it would bo a walk for him , Mi'Ierf. and 15,000 Wilsons on file in ' and by failure to notify postal author
under any circumstances. They know i tbc bureau. There are 1.000 John j ities of removal. In correspondence
his as the clean, reliable, level-head- ! Brov nt. and 1.200 John Johnsons. It ; with the bureau, and on all applies
ed. get-there type of ydung man that , is not enough to say "George Miller," i ttou, m.mes and addresses should be
he is the sort that get where thev j foi there are 1.040 of thnse, nor is it prlnteu. rather than written In script.
start for by mere reason or the tact
that they have the merit and that It
wen't be denied. One other thing la
certain in the minds of Nathan's War-.
ren district friends when he does be
come a Pima county supervisor the j
Ajo district will get its just share of I
consideration along with like justice !
from his hands to all the balance ot i
the county. Pat has the justice streak i
inhisformation a mile wide. :
REPUBLICAN LEADER 1
DENOUNCES WOBBLY
TRAITORS IN TALK;
(Continued from Page One)
less individual calling himself an I.
W. W. thta goes about the country
thinking only of himself and seeking
whom he ca ndestroy, that man is a
traitor to his country absolutely and
nothine else, and should be treated asJ
such. For a traitor there is one ef-
fective medicine,
asalnst the wall."
HOAN NOT INVITED
(By Review Leased Wire)
MILWAUKEE, April 13. Approxi -
mately 25.000 persons marched today ! the board exempted for agricultural ussembly and council of labor dele
in a parade which opened Milwaukee's ieasor,s. gave rise to the belief that gates and soldiers a resolution was
campaign for the third Liberty Iran. the famqus twirler mif;ht not have td adopted protesting against the land
while other thousands lined the side- respond to the colors at least as a ing of Japanese marines, according to
walks. Mayor Daniel W. Hoan, social-; member of the April quota. . special dispatches received here.
1st explained his failure to participate I Later i nthe day. hewever. Sheriff.
by saying he had not been invited. Wm. H. Atwood, of St. Paul, chalr-REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS
IW' BEST IN THE LONG RUN tmM
from
ECURE certainty of service in Tested Tire. They give
M 1 ?rvice iecue it is proven service. Their endur ......
'VH ance and mileage have been proved in the one way t - j'-'
rssure mileage to the motoriiit,ou the car on the road."
Hearken to that 1918 message? the roads of America send
American motorists. Last year Goodrich, launching six Test Car
Fleets in six widdy different regions of our country, took Goodrich
Tires, and with light and heavy cars mauled them over sand, gravel
and rock roads of plains, deserts and mountains, to try out
a
cm
mm
:?
II
mm
Si
il
wi
:?
j
i
What those tires endured doubled Goodrich's pride in Its tires.
They fought America's roads through 4,173,744 tire miles. They
conquered the roads of America in that phenomenal mileage, those
BLACK SAFETY TREADS and SILVERTOWN CORDS.
Let -American
A - J
num litieiims ruaua. 11 means xime ana money
saved them. They get lasting service with the tires
that have won the title, "America's Tested, Tires."
I
THE a F. GOODRICH RUBBER COMPANY
CITY
isbee
Upper Main St.
U. S. Listed 100,000 Smiths
Z i Z? ty t ty
War Risk Bureau Compiles Names
1 Tiicnt 1.040 John Smiths, 200 John A.
i Smiths, 1.500 William Smiths, and 200
' William H. Smiths. It lakes 110 card
because of the great repetition of or -
tiln r.t.mes Secretary McAdoo has ship. He is closely pressed, however,
asked .U soldiers and sailors to give . by rhrl Olaf Aalel. The names then
their full names and not initi-ils. in ap- ' run by the hundreds of thousands
plications and in correspondence, and through all the letters ef the alphabet
to write- all names in a clear, legible ( and tr.u with Joseph Zyny.
hand, printing them out rather than- The. importance of clear, legible
usii g seript. i handwriting is strongly emphasized by
Full Name and Address Necessary (the l urpau of War-Risk Insurance. Al-Tiu-rc
are 22 John J. O'Briens in ' loticei.i and allowance awards have
the fiies and in f0 cases the wife's somi u:ues been delayed by baffling
WOMAN GIVEN
FLINT. Mich.. April 13. Gene
see county authorities today be
gan aa investigation of the tar
ring and feathering late last nteht
cf Mis. Harley Stafford at Mont
rose near here.
A party of more than sixty per
sons, including a score of women,
went to the home of Mrs. Staf
ford, where men bound her hus
FJTCHER ALEXANDER
MUST GO IN DRAFT
(By Review Leased Wire)
LINCOLN. Nebr:, April 13. There
was no doubt in the minds of baseball
follower shere tonight but that Grover
Cleveland Alexander, star pitc.her ol
tt e 1 Picaso National League team.
uld be one of the drafted men to
taking standing:0 l ramp Funston. Kans.. from ths
state the latter part of this monih.
I TI.9 statement arly today by K.
; I Bahensky. member of the draft '
: board at St. Paul, Nebr.. Alexander's
. home, that the question as to wheiher
i i r not Alexander would be called this
I month depended on the number of men
America's
motorists listen to this message RS?'Wp?cgyr
J T A. m I 1 .mmrmMmmmaammmwrrwmammmmi
OF
GOODRICH AKRON, OHIO. IvV
Avto Company
AGENTS
enough to say "George J. Miller,' for
this Is not unique. The full name and
the complete post office address are
i both iiccessary to identify a man.
j Soldiers and sailors are therefore
urged to give explicit, complete, and
care. 'ill information concerning their
I names, post office addresses and rank
, the high seas on an American battle-
COAT OF TAR
band while the women took hjer
outside and applied a coating of
tar and feathers.
The party charged Mrs. Stafford
with making disloyal remarks.
IaANSING, Mich. April 13:
Governor Albert Sleeper in ; a
proclamation today called upon
the people of Michigan to avoid
mob rule. '
man o" the county draft board sent a
ing Alexander had been called to go
in the next quota but that he had pot
been clficially notified because the
board had not yet been informed just
when the men were to entrain for
eamp.
This telegram was in confirmation
of a statement niade by Sheriff At
wood last Friday morning, when he
. sau that it was true that Oewnder
wcuM hae to go in th April quota.
PROTEST JAP LANDING
fHy Review leaned Wire)
TOKIO, April 13. At t meeting on
Mondav of the Vladivostok mnnii-loal
Roads
Every War Saw
ing Stamp is a tp
towards Peace.
fr mi mtmxmrr
tH4Kk III ! .
i
Phone 5
r ml
m FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, APRIL 14, 1918.
Eljr SStsIicc Daflxj 3R?uteiu
PUBLISHED EVERY DAY EXCEPT MONDAY BY THE
STATE CONSOLIDATED PUBLISHING COMPANY.
;lllk. A. CAIN ...
Kditor anj
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS !
The Associated Press is exclusively entitled to the j
use for republication of all news dispatches credited to
it or not oUiervii.se credited to tnis paper ana also me
local news published herein.
All rights of republication of special dispatches herein
are also reserved.
Entered as Second Class Mail Matter at Bisbee, Arlzoia,
Under Act of March 8, '.879.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES, PAYABLE
PER MONTH
THRF.K MONTHS
SIX MONTHS
TWELVE MONTHS
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per year
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per quarter
No Subscription Taken For Less
Better News
Another crisis seem3 to have been weath
ered in the storm raging on the western
front; according to last night's dispatches
from both London and Berlin, thanks to
the stubborn and unyielding valor of the
British fighting man. The British line
holds. Not a foot have the Germans gain
ed in the past twenty-four hours in the
dangerous salient they have driven between
Ypres and Arras. Haig's order to hold at
any cost has been obeyed. Fighting with
their backs against the wall of this com
mand the British, Scotch, Irish and Cana
dian regiments upheld the ancient tradi
tions of a fighting race.
Details of this Germna flood that broke
the barriers at Armentieres indicate that
their losses were simply brutal. Machine
gunners, artillerymen and riflemen fired
point blank into masses of men until their
pieces were too hot to hold or to handle.
Of course, the German broke through, pay
ing such a price as this. All that was nec
essary was to mass enough men on this
ten-mile front and push on with fresh re
serves until sheer weight of numbers pre
vailed. But what is the answer to all this?
Who will fight the German battles tomor
row? It is true that things looked dark Friday
night for the British. But the line held,
reserves came up and the Germans have
been stopped before they did any real harm,
and the toll for these seven miles of flat
land was probably ten times as much as
this land was worth. And yet it was a
narrow shave! A further considerable gain
in this salient means that Messines and
Vimy ridge, Ypres and Arras and a half
'dozen vital railway junctions like Bailliul
must be evacuated by the British forces and
the entire northern line withdrawn to the
grave peril of such channel ports as Calais
and Bordeaux.
"Nearly," mouths the sardonic and ego
tistical Prussian.
"But nearly is not quite," calmly replies
the impassive and indomitable Englishman.
It is hard to fathom the German strategy.
His gamble seems to be the desperate ven
ture of the gamester who places his all up
on the table. If he leses he has not the
wherewithal to play again. Hindenburg
must either break through and destroy the
French or English armies or he must suf
fer a terrible defeat in having paid too many
men for his gains of ground.
German tioops cannot take prepared
English positions for a depth of seven miles
on a ten-mile front, with the defenders
fighting every inch of the way and un
broken to the last without paying a prohibi
tive price. When the turn comes in this
awful and high flowing tide it will be a
sharp turn for the Prussian, and the hun
"dreds of thousands of his best trbeps lost
in Picardy and Flanders the past three
weeks of slaughter will come home to him
with a sickening dread. Today is his day,
but let him beware of tomorrow.
'"Tear down the bronze statue of Fred
erick the Great in Washington and melt it
into bullets as American messages to Ber
lin, and line a few German spies up against
the wall and shoot them!" 1 his is the word
of the church militant as represented by
Rev. Dr. Wallace Radcliffe of a New York
Presbyterian church, in a recent sermon.
A real preacher and a real man, with his
lamp ot faith trimmed and brightly burning.
1 wo Lowell mothers came to this editor
the other day and asked that something be
done to suppress gambling and card sharps
in Lowell. 1 his newspaper can do nothing
in lh- premises except to call the attention
of (!; jncrcil public and the county offi
cials to ihis alleged evil. These mothers
luid no definite proof except their common
knowledge and intuition; and ufcer all, this
is tLe best proof in the world. Husbands
General .uanagtr
i
IN ADVANCE:
J -"5
2.25
4.00
7.50
2.50
.75
Than 75 Cents.
are losing their pay checks in Lowell with
out a run for their money. Boys are be
ing led into evil and vicious habits that may
well hamper them all their lives. The fear?
of these mothers have not been aroused
without cause. And yet it is hard to help
or to save a man or boy who is foolish
enough to pit his hard earned money and
small skill against the gambler and the card
sharp. He has about one chance in ten to
win. His declaration that he "will get even
with the game," is about as apt to come
true as that the kaiser will give up Belgium
of his own free will and gentle mercy.
Speeding Up j
Along with all the bad news from Fland
ers and Picardy comes the glad tidings that
the United States is roused as never before
in this world war and that she has already
speeded up her war program to the last gear
and is achieving wonderful results. Presi
dent Wilson has himself assumed personal
charge of this work and last reports tell a
wonderful story of the past ten days' work.
While figures are withheld, it is plainly
stated by the war department that speeding
up movement of troops since March 2 1 has
exceeded the strongest hopes of the officials
in charge.
Men by regiments and brigades are go
ing forward, and supplies and munitions
are going over seas at a rate that is noth
ing less than inspiring to militarymen in
this country and France. A new convoy
system has been adopted that makes it pos
sible to move both men and supplies at
double any rate ever attempted since the
war began.
It is declared that the United States will
undertake to meet Germany with equal
forces of men and materials before the year
is at an end. The shipping problem has
been temporarily solved, and today, it is
declared, there are more vessels engaged in
the transportation of American war aid to
France than ever before.
Every recent promise made to France
and England of men and munitions and
supplies has been carried out and even ex
ceeded, is has been declared in official cir
cles in Washington. Loading and unload
ing time has been reduced to a minimum
not dreamed of until the present crisis
spurred us on.
More bad news from France may be ex
pected; in fact, it is almost sure to come.
But with the British and French armies un
broken and fighting still, and our flow of
aid and reinforcement doubled, there will
yet be time before the summer is gone to
retrieve the losses of the past three weeks
and make the Prussian staff sigh in vain
for its lost legions, spent without perman
ent gain by the careless and spendthrift
hand cf the war. lord of these misguided
men.
Never before has it come home to us so
straight and so strong the part we must
play before the German is beaten. This na
tion has lived and builded and triumphed
for nearly one hundred and fifty years all
in vain unless it can quickly bring its full
force to bear in France at the first possible
moment.
An American correspondent in France
was billited with an old French couple in a
quaint old village in the valley of the Loire.
Their son was fighting at the front. They
were just as poor as poor could be. Trie
young American writer was kind to them
and won their love. They followed him to
the gate. The dog barked, the gate sign
ed on its hinge. "We shall not forget you,
Monsieur Charles, for we have learned to
love you; long live America.". The Amer
ican described his feeling in these words:
"Neither shall I forget you, good old
friends, nor be ashamed of the love I bear
you you and your friendly land that tries
so bravely to be gay. Vive la France. I
blurted it out choking." They understood
and tried to smSe." It is only in France
that such words and feelings come to the
surface. Dear, sunny, wayward, lovable
France. Unconsciously this American
newspaper man had written a few sentences
that would fit right into the famous clas
sic about the Abbe Constantin in which
Ludovic Halvey depicted so truly the bet
ter and fined side of France.
Speaking of organization and its vital ef
fect upon the war, the Christian Scientists'
church c.f Boston has, in three months,
knitted 16.000 articles and prepared five
thousand five hundred comfort kits and
articles of clothing for American and al
lied soldiers. This is war work brought
down to a practical and exact science and
used in happy connection with Christian
Science.
County Briefs
j I'lnch Reider was at Willcox Tues
day. He has put a torce of men to
l work i-L the old Cottonwood mine east
ot Ua Cabczas. i his muie has prod
uceii considerable gold in past years
and the ere bodies have not oeen work
ed out iy any means. We hope Mr.
; Reiuei- will strike it rich.
I Considerable nrnnprtv Ik changing
hands in the Willcox vicinity, both
nirmp, town property and cattle
I raiicnes. it indicates that times are
very nourishing and the prices
1 -rough i are excellent. The business
men of Willcox say that business this
spring is very satisfactory and is hold
ing up exceedingly well.
Rev. E. II. Nicholson and wife of
Willcox left Thursday morning for
Tempe. Arizona, where they will re
side in the future and where Mr. Nich
olson has accepted the call as pastor
of the Methodist church at that place.
Mr. end Mrs. Nicholson have been res
idents of Willcox for nearly three
yeare and have made many friends
who regret to see them leave.
Mrs A. Y. Smith of Pearce has been
appointed chairman of the Public Wel
fare committee for the council of de
fense cl Cochise county. There are
seven districts in the county and Mrs.
Smith will appoint committees in each
district. The Willcox district includes
Howie. Cochise. Mascot. Johnson and
Dos Ccbezas. Mrs. Smith will apply
the same efficient methods to this
welfare work that has made her ad
ministration of the Sulphur Springs
Valley branch of the Red Cross so
successful
Among the young people of Willcox
attending the higher institutions of
learning in the state who have re
cently brought honor to the city may
be mentioned Elizabeth Angle. From
a student body of over 300 Miss Angle
is one ofthe two young ladies chosen
to represent the Northern Arizona
Norn.a' in a debating contest with two
youp men of the university which
will take place at Tucson during Uni
versity Week April 19. Miss Angle is
also president of the student body of
the Flagstaff Normal and took a prom
meiii part during the recent strike at
thai institution.
A new company has been formed to
tak.i e ver the People's Ice company at
Douglas formerly conducted by W. H.
Renn and H. N. Reno add will spend
$15.0iu at once to make improvements.
In 1.1. (it her year it is the intention to
add betterments which will make it
the finest plant of the kind in the
Ltate. The men who form the new
company are Alderman W. H. Fisher
of the Owl Drug store, John Merkline,
forn.er brew-master at the brewery, J.
W. Lot I and W. H. Reno. The ice
capacity is to be increased and deliv
eries will commence In 30 days. In
the sift drink department new ma
chinery will be installed and two
truck? provided for making deliveries.
By order of Timothy A. Riordan, fed
era', food administrator for Arizona,
the general store of Joseph Schwert
ner ot Willcox was closed yesterday.
Schwertner is accused of violating the
fifty r:fty rule in the sale of flour and
of violating the. hoarding rule. Three
and a half months' supply of flour,
some of which was concealed in bar
ley sacks, was found on the premises,
whereas the storekeeper was not per
mitted to have more than 30 days' sup
ply. This is the first case of the kind
in Arizona. The penalty for violation
of the food control act is imprison
ment not to exceed two years and a
tine iiol to exceed $500. C. W. Curtis,
inspector for the food administration,
is in charge ot the store.
i ne jury in me case ot .Mary u.
Haworth vs. J. C. Wilson, and others,
a damage suit from Willcox. resulting j
in dieted damages to a fence by the narj at work in compliance with the
defendants while in the employ of the j request of the Council of National He
city of Willcox, returned a verdict in i fense on thp draw ing up of a booklet
the buperior court Friday of $200 for !" 3f legal rula for the guidance of sol
the piaintiff. In the case of the Ari-! die-s and sailcr3 entering the service
zena Kastern Railroad company vs. L. i to he used by the local legal comniit
A. iiohstadt, for payment on a waybill ! tee as a handbook for the work and as
of cattle, alleged to be shorted, the i an instrument for making known to
jury awarded the plaintiff the sum of i soldiers and sailors th? need of legal
J1S0. Following this case Judge Lock-
wood excused the jury until Thursday,
the lsth. when the criminal calendar
will be started, several civil cases set
for the balance of the week were set
tled out of court.
Yesterday the Douglas school teach
ers were notified that the board at a
meeting last Tuesday had reengaged
practically the entire present force.
and had made an increase in salaries
every teache
fccicd by the
were 1 ut on
the pian heretofore being to pay
fur ii'.r.e months' service. The old
plan had a tendency to make some of
the less thrifty teachers go broke dur
ing the summer months.
The new arrangement will not give
them at. much money at a time, but
wii. f.ve mem a pay aay every mumu ,
r in nouclas beine ef- I ,n8 l,,e "etQ i"" ;
ra"e The teacher's alto I a- lh J?'"
a twelve-month pay to."""--
.i ii. .t . uiiueirM.uwu "al " slacking and his trial was set lor May
bonus will be paid next year Tiie j , lor wl,h tharK,.s against i.
salary increases and the pay-by-the-1 KodniaIlf Frauk VobW,t Salvador Muri
moinh plan will not be effective until eUa Tllomaa t chambers. Harry C.
the opening ot the fall term, next Sep-1 .. . . . Hanta
tember. I
The preliminary hearing before
Justice of the Peace W. A. Fowler in
Tombstone in the case of H. J. Bruns
wicker vs. Mrs. J. H. Maria, was
waived Friday and the matter will be
taken direet to the superior tourt for
trial, which will probably be at the
present term of court. The case is
one arising out of alleged printed re-j
murks inmle by the defendant against
the plaintiff in a Douglas paper, j of binue w iiich have found their way
through a communication when BrcJis-1 into northern Arizona since the slate
wi.k was called a pro-German. The! went dry hae. according to county
pl.iiniifl brought action for criminal olfirials, iiiigiuatcl in Needles, aui
lilw i. and the waiving of the preliinin - jlhi.s rum ridden Ullage in San Bern.ir
ary hearing' will lake the matter ifc-juino county has shared tlie qii-stion-reel
to the superior court, where it able houor with Gallup. N. M.. one of
will he threshed out. Both sides have! lie last strongholds of 111" demon ruin
hired counsel and the case, it is said. ' i". the lar west, of being the principal
w ill bring out a liumiier of disclosures, i Mippl points for Hie booze blockade
end 's uwailed wi;u Interest iu Tomb- tuiintta who choose to opeiate ;u t'.
btoue. 1 northern liart ot the Sui'-'.
Brief State Notesi
The ease of Gmi.am cou.-.ty vs.
W. Smith a;;d Graham county vs.
it. ,
T.
fj. Alger. . b'?t'.i "back salary rase.-,."
riidjy were ordered by the su;.rei..e ',
court to be submitted cn briels. I
Articles of incorporation were fil?d
Friday in the office of tne state cor
poration commission by the 'lion ins:
Daylight Mining company, Rico Devel
opment company. Grandview Hotel
company. Rockwell Petroleum com
pany, Robinson Parker company.
Hazard and Miller, the pioneer pat
ent agency of Los Angeles has re
clcved by wire from Washington, not
ice of the issuance of the following
patents to Arizona inventors: Robert
L. Moore, of Gleeson, for an envelope;
Antonio Roscetta, of Jerome, for a
chain.
The national retail merchants' divi
sion of the national war savings com
mittee announces the appointment of
B. M. Goldwater of Phoeix. to act
as state retail merchant In Arizona
in the campaign to sell $100,000,000
worth of war savings stomps through
the tetail stores o. the country.
Governor Hunt. .Adjutant General
Charles W. Harris, who have teen in
Washington and who on "their return
trip visited Camp Funston, Kfia., ar
rived in Phoenix yesterday morning.
The governor and his party have been
absent from the state since March -8.
With delegates present fiom ten
councils, the Knights of Columbus of
Arizona will meet in the state coun
cil session at Phoenix Sunday and
Monday. April 14, 15. at which time
plans will be discussed for increasing
the fund of $25,000 already subscribed
in this state for war camp activity,
for which purpose the order ha
pledged Its memcrs to r;ise $3 f OO.O-'O
in the United States.
The town of Parker, on the western
line of the state from wheih the Santa
Fc "cut-ofr takes its nan.c. is to have
a new hotel in the immediate future
to be known as the Grandview hotel.
Articles of incorporation for a hotel
company of that name were fi!cd yes
terday in the office of the corporation
commission. The capital stock of the
new company is placed (it JlO.Oi'0.
ensisting of 1.000 shares at a par value
of $10 each. The men behind the new
hctel project are Frederick M. Hall of
Parker and T. J. Carrigan c! Los
Angeles.
J. 0. Wunder, robber and jail
braakcr, was sentenced to nit les
than four nor more than five years in
tho Rtat nenitentiarv at Florence bv
.indre Stanford yesterday, in piioenix.
Wunder admitted thXt he ha-i servsd
time in the Indiana penitenti lry. It
was also stated that he was the man
who sawed through the county jail
no: long, since. On being returned
irom Yuma with other jail breakers
Wunder attempted to sav off his hand
culfs and make a second escape, but
was prevented by Sheriff V.'i'.ky. who
clcseiy guarded his prisoner.
The appointment of Clarence V.
Gulley as commanding officer of the
Pncenfx police reserves, to succeed
Thomas H. Rynning, resigned, is of
ficially announced. Capt. Gulley as
he will hereafter be known, has al
ready assumed entrol pf the organiza
tion. Captain Rynning tenders.! hi3
resignatirn as active head of tii. or
ganization about two weeks ago. Ryn
ning. one of the pioneer residents of
the southwest, came to Phoenix about
a year ago for the express put pose oi
organizing the police reserves in this
city. At that time, he sacrificed his
own personal business in San Diego
for what he felt was a bi.7;?r end
more catriotie duty.
Th' legal committee appointed by
the state council of defense is now
preparation.
This booklet will be pubiisrie.i
the State Council o! Defense and a
copy plared in ,ne hands of all men
entering the service for this state.
The committee, with Judge Joseph
II. Kinney a schairman. colt is'.s of
George J. Stoneman. ohn L. Gust, At
toracy General Wiley K. Jois rnd
Thomas (",. Norris.
John Kollitski, charged with vioiat-
pleadt
nites nleaded guilty to having explos
ives in thrir possession and were sen
tented to thirty days each Miguel
Bustamente .alias Miguel Soto, plead
ed not guilty to slacking and his I rial
was bet for May 2 l,adli-lado Cruz,
charged with slacking, pleaded guilty.
ManU(;, Aiu,., pleaded not guilty to
Needles has gone dry. The Cali
fornia city situated Just across the
Arizona line, dealt Col. J. Barleycorn
a death blow at t!ie wet and dry elec
tion held there on Tuesday, and there
by put a sizable crimp iuto tne boot
legging trade which bince January 1.
1915. bus flourished practically un
interrupted 111 this supposedly dry
commonwealth
of Arizona. Nearly
lift v per cent of the illicit shipments
them - -..,Z i...
By aillen A . (Srm j
THE RED CROSS
CALL TO ALL GF US
TO KEEP THE FAITH I
The newspaper man went to a meet
ing of the Warren District chapter of
tR:?rl!ret',or".,he.;,twher.d.!,!;
n i . 1 1 iiincu; iifliin n luiCi II 1. 1. vouiu i
only tell it as it should be told. It m
not of the business transacted at this
session that he would speak; not ot
the routine, the methods, the ordinary
grist of work that msst pass through
the wheels and hoppers of a committee
or board of directors. But rather of
the spirit of the meeting. "The spirit
of France, and not her cannon shots
will win the war." said a great French
man the other day. And it is the spir
it cf the men and women behind the
Red Cross that make it the greatest
org"iii:.Uion in the world today.
They sat there at the long table, a
half dozen women and four or five men
leaders in the social and business life
of tue district, each one with individ
ual tares and work sufficient for any
individual, and the whole heart and
soul of each was in' this work of gen
tleness and mercy that must go hand
in hand with cruel war.
The spirit of Red Cross work is sac
rifice; its motiv power Is unselfish- i oer always among those present,
i.ers. No one who sits in its councils j Now the barber's trade is the most
can doubt it. There is so much to do; j peaceful and sedentary of all trades
so many problems and obstacles and since Adam first learned to sharpen
diso-un-sements. And every hour and ' a spade. Most barbers are narrow of
every efiort spent in grappling these shoulder and shy of brawn. The raz
musl be taken from one's own prob- j or la a deadly weapon, it is true, but
lems find work and burdens. The in- j'who ever heard of a white barber us
tel.irtcnce and concentrated power of i ing a razor except upon a strop and
the land are behind the Red Cross. ;o strip whiskers from stubblv chins'
n . rrom patriotism, oi course;
yes. and unselfishness. No room for
a f elfish man or woman here. They
would be sadly, out of place; a note out
of tune on the nation's ktyboard. grat
ing and unbearable.
Tiis meeting at the Bisbee Y. M. C.
A. the other day had no brass band or
puauc appiause to leno. inspiration 10
the work. It was simply an earnest
liu cu.-JMon of ways and means by less
than a dozen men and women as to
how a great work could be advanced;
a work that would not profa one of
them a cent or bring to them individu-
al fai.ie. But surely the sweep of the
Red Cross onward will bring to each
heart deep down a glow of happy
pride for the small but necessary part
each has played in the grand cause
This simple newspaper man wishes
hecjuld convey to every woman in the
anen district the fee ing he has in
his Hart for this Red Cross work, in-
spire., by an hour at this cour.eil chain-
ber. He wishes he could present to
then, the real worries and vexations
and obstacles that must be overcome
by the faithful who are closest to the
red breath of the cross on the white
tie.d They need your word of en-
coun.Eement and your presence besido
luriu a o iivj r".-
sicui help.
C.msider: You go to a Red Cross
woi k room ; go once, and there is noth
ing foi you to do that day; no machine,
maybe, at which you can work. And
you f, away in a bad and rebellious
frame of mind. "How bacily they man
age it." you murmur. "I will never go
there again. They are calling all the
time for help, and then, when I come,
at j-ertonal inconvenience, there is
nothing for me to do."
lU'V childish this spirit; how unjust
and unfair. Judge not rashly, saith
the scriptures, vet we all Judge in our
Uastc, over and over again, and never
see ine light of a Great Patience.
Dcii'i you suppose that these earnest
unsiltish men and women w-ho have
the work in charge and the burdens to
bear end no protit or fame to reap
from tlieir hard sowing
the machines there if
would have
thev could;
wou.n use yoar work tha. day if they
could. Beth are needed so badly. Bui
sewing machines do not grow upon
busl-.es and cannot be mined from our
i.ioaiuains. Orders for machines, bent
long ago. are delayed in a manner to
make the heart sick. Material sent
t;n' is s'ov.' to ci. me. Thse men and
onen have neglected nothing; have
overlooked nothing. They have looked
t;:r sihcuii and applied the management
and experience and talent that ore
thoirs to the best oi human ability, but
-hi. imperative and terrible need of the
war has set at naught all human rec
kouiug and effort. And so they strug
gled on, li ving their level best to keep
th.s district to the forefault in the,
ftreM (ilk a;.il depending upc.n this
uisli.et to do so. uud keep on doing in'
the lace of every oostacio and disap-,
pointiiicnt, to the end. ,
Tue. Elks lodge of Ci; bee has given '
its lodge room ior this great work.
More loom there, and hence more'
weik'Ts are needed. More machines i
i;re coming, and more material. More;
wo:ir,-u must come, if the. work is to be ;
kept i.p to the demand. In Jerome, a
s.natler camp by far than this, one hun-1
i!rc.'. i.nd fifty women work every week
for ihu Red Cross. Shall Bisbee lag; '
behind T J
If jou come today and there is noth-'
ing to do, come again tomorrow. Faint
heart fiul weak spirit can have no pari
In Uii? war. You cannot excuse your
self from tho shirker's part, if you
draw back after such a vain and puuy
eff'iifc. Keep on coming. March at any
coal um.er the crimson cross that glo
rified the white field. No real Ameri-
can woman cull do less with a clear
eye and i;U untroubled spirit these
days li was a woman who stood near-'
est the cross on Calvary. It was a
woman who came to the tomb when all j
hope had tied ill the darkness that set-'
lied or that cross, 'the Red t niss
tali il is the tinesl, highest, most tinsel-
lish iinil glorious laitn in the vol Id to-;
day l.exl to the Calvary cruh. Miall ,
tin. daughters of .VI.: iy tail I heir taMli
in a small and easy part when Alary '
laileil not in llie great and hard part.'!
Ami (in titer this n.-w spaper man
siiii.i not hi this tune, for nis heart is
lull uliu his lips tail of so great a
uiess -.f.e is the Red Cross ot tllo
woi id fc mercy and gentleness ami tali hi
In the midst of strife that is calling
you, not this newspaper, or these men
and vomen directors; they have al
ready been called, and they only serve
with you in the ranks far below the
glory of the red emblem of triumph in
the white field.
'ITS FUNNY HOW A BAR
BER'S HEART TURNS TO
BLOOD AND BATTLES
At the Star Athletic club's little
fistic carnival the other night the
newspaper man was impressed by the
earnestness and emotion of a certain
Bisbee barber who acted as second
for one of the fighters. And in the
ring was another local barber acting
as bottle holder for a battler. Funny
thing about barbers. They turn in
stinctively to the prize ring tike a
duck to dough. In nearly every bar
ber shop In the land one can find a
copy of the Police Gazette and sport
ing news on the table and pictures of
famous fighters on the walls. Few
barbers but that can give you the rec
ords complete of every fighter and
ball player cf note for the last twenty-five
years. At the ringside and in
the bleachers you will find the bar-
iw a cat can look at a king. And
so It is that the barber worships the
husky pugilist and the hero of the
baseball lot. The barber shop dab
bles but little in polftics. war or re
ligion. The gossip of this forum is
confined mainlv to the rnnriirlnn
j Alexander, the right hander king, and
, to whether or not some one will be
j able to make Jess Willard defend his
crown.
I But 'to return to this Tisbee barber
end his personal activities in rime
craft. He - the busle8t and most
interested man in the arena last night
jte coached his man and whispered
, instructions clear, up to the sound of
i the gonK and one of the fighters
! nearly stepped on him as he crawled
j bctween the ropes Between rounds
j hc t,Uned hlg princ,paj.g fevere(1 orow
j with bay rum nd combed hia
. drur with carp and affet.on , wnls
j perpd wonU of cneer gnd comfort
, a(lvk.e But a no
, ban,er wag doo
, ,a ,ne , d rQund fc
fSe CQunt an
RJ of
,ne f f H
of aiu5ition.g dream p
pji tfc
fcmI. fhp hurhor
j n'uu me uaroer was greeted Of
I trleuds with words of consolation.
I "G'wan!" growled the barber in dis
gust, twas a frame-up." He was a
hard loser, this tonsorial artist. And
no wonder, for about a ton of minis
trations and advice had been wasted
upon a fancy looking fighter in red
trunks who allowed himself to be ov
ercome by a whirlwind in the person
cf Young Dallas.
This newspaper man ifghs for this
barber and sympathizes with him in
the hour of defeat. No one takes the
ss of a bail game by the home team
or tne aereat of a lavonte battler as
hard as the man in the barbershop.
The sting of his grief is sharper than
his razors edge. It cuts like his own
clippers.
But cheer up. o3 top. There are
! oincr ;igr.iers yet 10 ecme, and lights
. 'ec unstageu. at wnicn your crart and
judgement may yet be vindicated.
Stay with 'em! Ata boy! You may
yet find a Jess Willard hiding in the
mesquite. And then good-bye to tne
towels and soap and the honing of the
blade upon the strop forever. Broad
way is the barber's dream, and more
than one barber has walked the light
ed way before now with a real cham
pi n in tow.
I Poet's Corner
THE CROOKED CLOCK
You seem very innocent when, from
your shelf.
You tell me 'tis time to retire.
You're not iu the slightest ashamed of
jourself,
Tho: ph. really, you know, you're a
liar.
it lacks sixty minutes ot all that you
s j y
Willi your fraudulent hands o'er
your face
Bur. as we ueed light to prepare for the
nay
I will pardon your fib with good
grace.
'Tis true you curtail, now. the time of
tie night,
A'.k you probably pilfer some fun.
But you wake us, you bet, by the
"dawn's early light."
For s new strangle hold ou the Hun.
; So
camouflaged clock, here's
more
sliced to your works.
Tnl Judgement Day conies for the
kaiser
Ti'l the Austrian. Bulgars, and like
v. ise the Turks.
A:- sensibly sadder and wiser!
--(. C. A. Child in the N. X. Times.
RECEIVED BY A RED CROSSER
Thanks for the socks.
They were some fit;
I wear one for a helmet
And one for a mitt.
1 rould like to see jou,
W hen I've doue iuv bit,
Bit where in the deuce
Did you learu to knit? THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, APRIL 14, 1918.
FIVE
BASEBALL
LEAGUE
TODAY WITH CONTEST AT WARREN
The Warren District baseball league
will open its schedule this afternoon
at Warren park when the Junction
Bripgs and C. & A. clubs swing into
action at 4:30. President Arthur Not
man of the league will open the league
play by throwing the first ball. A
parade was planned, but will be dis
pensed with and the game sarted iate
in order that those men coming off
shift in the afternoon can attend.
All indications point to a very suc
cessful season with the Copper Queen
and Calumet &. Arizona companies as
sisting to provide first class baseball
by providing jobs for the players. A
number have been imported from the
coast and other points and the article
of ball played is expected to prove of
a better brand than staged here in
years.
The third club in the league, the
Copper Queen nine, will open its sea
son's play Wednesday afternoon with
the C. &. A. outfit for opponents. The
following week it will engage the Junc
tion Criggs and that contest is ex
pected to draw nearly as large an at
tendance as tomorrow's fracas.
Baseball throughout the copper
ramps is certain to boom this year, as
the Copper league composed of Hur
ley. Santa Rito, Tyrone and Ft. Bay
ard opened yesterday and will play
two games a week this summer. Fab-j
rique, Kane. Bums, Roche, Adams,!
Carisch and other former major I
Baseball Scores
COAST LEAGUE
ANGELS BEST VERNON
(By Review Leased Wire
At Los Angeles R. H. E.
Vernon 5 13 i
Los Angeles 9 15 2
Quinn, Reiger and Devormer; Stand
ridge and Boles.
SEALS ON TOP
At Sacramento U. H. E.
San Francisco 9 11 2;Amerlcans
Sacramento 7 13 5
Baum and McKee; Davis, West and
Fisher.
KRAUSE BEATS BEES
At San Francisco R. H. E.
Salt Lake 1 5 3
Oakland 5 9 1
Arkenburg, Dubuc and Konnick;
Krause and Mitze.
EXHIBITIONS
PIRATES BEAT COLONELS
(By Review Lensied Wlrei
LOUISVILLE, Ky., April 13.
Score R. H. E.
Pittsburg 13 14 1
Louisville 4 9 4
Steele, Sanders and Schmidt;
Stroud, Humpheries and Kocher.
TIGERS TRIM REDS
(Bv Review Leased Wire)
CINCINNATI, Ohio, April 13.
Score R. H. E.
Detroit Americans 11 17 2
Cincinnati Nationals 4 8 5
Boland, Finneran and J. Cobb: Bres
sler, Schnei'ler and Wingo.
One Diamond For Every
Three Cars In America
MOTORISTS are buying Diamond Tires in
such numbers that over 2,000,000 are now in
service easily, one for every three cars in America.
This patronage is significant when you consider
that the big demand for Diamonds comes from
motorists who have used them in previous years and
insist upon Diamond mileage again.
Such demand can be commanded only by tires
of super-value.
A Diamond Tube is likely to outwear your
car itself. Made in Gray and Fed, in sizes
to fit any make of tire. '
the tBiamond Rubber Co.
(Incorporaitd)
AKRON. OHIO
Local Distributors
Phelps-Dodge Mercantile Co.
Phone 550
OPENS
SEASON
leaguers are pastiniing on the teams
ana the Copper league should afford
baseball of a real class AA flavor, as
the pastimers who have not been in
the big tent are largely recruited from
the three big minors, the Coast and
International leagues and American
association.
Managers of the three local teams
are determined to place tne best pos
sible clubs in the field and are' not
sparing any pains to do so. Man
ager Pitman ot the Junctions and Man
ager Carnes of the Copper Queen club,
both made trips to the coast and
signed players there, while Manager
Cowan of the C. & A. -nine is now
in Texas signing leaguers for his
team.
Letty Harris or Red Toner will
work for the Junctions with Johnson,
Eason or Campbell, will attend to the
slab duties for the C. & A. Catcher
Tonneman of the Junctions, is out
with a sore arm and Deke Lebrandt
will be borrowed from the Copper
Queen for this game. Meachem will
backstop for the C. & A.
The lineups of the two teams play
ing today follow:
C. & A. Meachem, c; Johnson, Eas
on, Campbell, p.; Morris, lb.; Snyder,
2b.; Youngman, 3b.; Jensen, ss.;
Gault, Kincaid, Rowland and Boat, of.
Junction Briggs Lebrandt c; Har
ris, Toner, p.; Pitman, lb.; Birkel, 2b;
McArdle. ss.; Johnson, 3b.; Jennings,
Jijohn, Barnhill and Stewart, of.
; INDIANS BEAT GIANTS
! (By Review Leases Wire)
I LEXINGTON, Ky, April 13.
5! Score R, H. E.
Cleveland Apiericans 5 10 4
New York Nationals ..4 7 4
(10 innings.) ,
Groom Morton. Enkman and
O'neill; Causey, Smith and Rairden,
Gibson.
THREE FOR BROWNS
(By Review Leased Wire)
ST. LOUIS,. April 13. The St.
Louis Aniericans made it three
straight today, in the spring city ser
ies, when they won from the National
i League club, 5 to 4.
I Score R. H. E.
.5 7
1
Nationals 4 6 1
J Gallia, Lowdermilk and Nunamaker;
Packard, Walker and Gonzales.
LAJOIE FREE AGGENT
(Bv Review Leased wire)
j CINCINNATI, April 13. Napoleon
I Lajoie was declared a free agent by
the National baseball commission in
; a finding promulgated today. Lajoie
I requested that he be declared a free
j agent after he had received notice of
j his release from the Toronto club to
jthe Brooklyn club.
TO PILOT INDIANAPOLIS
i uy tioview Lieaxea wire)
1 IVnMVADll 13 A ..-t 1 1Q Vannl II
eon Lajoie. wno toaay was aeciareo.
a free agent by the National baseball
commission, is on his way to Indian
apolis to assume the management of
the local American association club,
according to word received by Owner
James C. McGill tonight.
MONEY FOR RED CROSS
CHICAGO, April 13. Ten per cent
VMD TIRES
of the receipts of all games played
at the Chicago American League park
this season will be donated to the
Red Cross. Charles A. Coiuiskey.
owner of the club announced tonight.
Cainiskey's contributions to the Ked
Cress last seuson was $17,000.
PLAYERS TO ARMY
(By Review Leased Wire)
PEORIA. 111.. April 13 Players
Fred Beck of Havana and Ben Doyle,
of Peoria have been ordered to report
with the next group or national army
men leaving forCamp Dodge. April
26. Beck formerly played with the
Boston Red Sox and Chicago Federals
and Doyle was a pitcher for Omaha
and Sioux City in the Western League.
LEAVE FOR PHOENIX
Mr. and Mrs. William Truax. Jr.,
Mr. and Mrs. Joe Downs, Robert Hen
nessy and B. M. Kelly, all of this dis
trict, left last evening for Phoenix,
where delegates of ten councils of
Knights of Columbus, of Arizona, will
meet in their annual convention, Sun
day and Monday. Plans will be dis
cussed for increasing the fund of $25,
000 already subscribed in this state
for war camp activity, for which pur
pose the order has pledged its mem
bership to raise not less than f 3,000,
000 in the United States.
Between 75 and 100 delegates are
expected in the city for the two-day
convention, which will consist of
lodge business, degree work and spe
cial features for the visitors and their
ladies.
Grand Knight W. P. Volta, of Mar
cos de Niza council. No. 1189, is in
charge of the local arrangement, and
is being assisted by a committee, con
sisting of J. T. Whitney, J. G. O Mai
ley, Peter Ryan, W. J. Burns, J. P. Ke-
hoe, Frank M Cordan, J. J. Wesley
and Frank De Souza.
Sessions of the state council will b
held at the Hotel Adams and will take
up the greater port of Monday. The
present state ofiicers, who will be in
ithe jcity are Strata feput, U. "W.
Kramer, District Deputy W. J. Burke,
District Deputy R. L. O'Neill, State
Secretary M. A. Murphy, State Treas
urer E- J- F- Horne, State Warden J.
P. Downs, State Advocate Frank De
Souza. State Chaplain Father r L.
Rousselle, Past State Deputy J. H.
Morgan.
Monday evening the convention will
be brought to a close with a banquet
at the Woman's club, at which the
speakers will be the following: Toast-
master, W. P. Voita; "Knighthood.
Judge A. C. Baker; "The War. a Viu-
aication," State Deputy R. W. Kramer;
"Our Country First." J. H. Morgan;
"Loyalty," Frank J. Barry; "Patriot
ism." R. E. Morrison, Master Fourth
degree. Musical numbers will make
up the remainder of the program.
Seventy-five candidates will receive
the first and second degrees of the
order at a special session to be held in
the Elks loage rooms tomorrow even
ing at 8 o'clock, preparatory to an ex
emplification of the third degree by a
team outside the city on Sunday after
noon. ALASKAN GOLD RUSH
STORY 'WHITE TRAIL'
AT EAGLE PLAYHOUSE
And after all these years, it takes a
photoplay to tell the truth about the
gold rush to Alaska. It wasn't a rush
after all, it was a slow, tedious, drag
ging process, in which men were lucky
if they made a mile a day, and in
which he who fell by the roadside, was
lost. Such is the atmosphere of "The
Great White Trajl." at the Eagle thea
tre today and Monday and in which
Doris Kenyon, the youthful star ol
"The Empress" and "The Octan Waif,"
plays the biggest role of her photo
play career.
Practically all the settings of "The
Great White Trail" are in the ic-bound
stretches of the Artie, an dsometimes
the actors were forced to work in
snow that ranged from two to ten feet
in depth, l.ut happily there were
plenty of snowshoes.
Supporting Miss Kenyon in the cast
will be 1'aul Gordon, Thomas Holding.
Hans Robert, Edgar Davenport, Besse
K. Wharton, Louise Hotelling and F.
W. Stewart. The scenario of "The
Great White Trail" was written by
Leopold D. Wiiarton, who also direct
ed the taking of the picture. The
Whartons were the producers of "Pat
ria," "The Exploits of Elaine.' and
other successes.
AMERICAN AVIATOR
DOWNS SIX ENEMY
F LANES IN BATTLE
(By Review leased Wire)
WI'IH THE AMERICAN ARMY
IX FRANCE. April 13, (By the
Associated Press) Captain James
Norman Hall and Lieutenant Paul
Frank Plair, members of the Am
erican aerial forces on this front,
were today awaraded the distin
guished service cross. They are
the first American aviators to re
ceieve this new military distinc
tion. The official citation states
that Captain Hall on March L'S at
tacked a group of five enemy
single seated machines and thre
enemy two seated machines while
he was leading an aerial patrol of
three machines. He himself de
stroyed one and forced down two
others, which probably were de
stroyed. Lieutenant lllair on March 11.
attacked single handed a group of
reven enemy pursuit machines', de
stroying one, which crashed to the
ground near the French linen
northeast of Khcims. On Man li
l'i h" attacked two enemy two
sealers, one of which fell in
flames, sini c the first of March
l ieutenant Blair has driven down
six enemy machines, three of
which are officially credited to
biui.
COLUMBUS KNIGHTS
MAJOR LEAGUES
BEGIN SEASONS
SHORT OF MEN
Many Players in National and
American Leagues Missing
Due to Draft and Volun
tary Enlistments.
NEW YORK, April 13. With manv
players missing, due to voluntary and
droit enlistment into war service and
startling changes of uniform since the
close o: the 1117 season, the major
leagues will open their annual pennant
campaign this week under conditions
which have not existed at any previous
period in the history ot the organiza
tions. True to tradition and bravely
facing the uncertain future, the six
teen clubs composing the National and
American leagues begin their 1918
schedules confident that the nichn
which baseball has hewed for itself in
the national life will be found a safe
foothold even in the perilous times ot
the present day.
The American League, weather per
mitting, will have the honor of mar
shalling its forces to the first call ot
"Play Ball." On Monday the New
York club of the junior association
wil. lace the Washington club players
at the national capital city while the
Philadelphia Athletics will oppose Bos
ton on the home diamond ot the latter
team. The following day the four re
maining clubs of the American league
and all eight ot the National league
will swing into action in the various
cities of the circuits providing the
weather man cooperates with the play
ers and the fans.
Tuesday's Playing Date
Th-3 schedules for Tuesday call for
the fallowing opening games: Ameri
can League Cleveland vs. Detroit at
Cleveland; Chicago vs. St. Louis at
Chicago. National League St. Louis
vc Chicago at St. Louis; Cincinnati vs.
Pittsburg at Cincinnati; New York vs.
Brooklyn at New York and Philadel
phia -b Boston at Philadelphia.
Wnaf. the outcome of the pennant
races in the two leagues will be only
the future can disclose. In the Amer
ican league, the Chicago White Sox,
World Champions, are conceded to
have the edge in playing strength and
confluence which comes with the cap
turing of a championship. One or two
of the rival. combinations, particularly
the New York Americans, have been
strengthened as the result of trades
and cash purchases and it is likely that
the race for first place will be fully up
to tne standard of past years.
In the National league the New York
Giants, winners of the 1917 pennant,
are still the favorites for the flag, but
on paper, at least, the team does not
appear to be quite as impressive as a
year ago. In addition there is certain
to be gi eater opposition on the part of
two or three clubs which have built
up stronger teams than were available
last season. In a general way Cincin
nati and St. Louis appear prominently
in thib particular with at least one oth
er combination in the role of a dark
honc.
Players Distributed Evenly
Considered broadly there appears to
be about the usual distribution of play
ing talent and strength as in former
pennant races for where one club has
improved its combination, another has
lost one or more of its formidable
players, thus, in a general way, even
ing up the situation. In the National
League the Cincinnati. St. Louis and
Chicago teams on paper, at least, ap
pear to be stronger than was the case
twelve months ago. The New Y'ork
club does not strike the close student
of the game as being quite as impres
sive as last season, while both Brook
lyn and Philadelphia are scarcely as
strong as a year ago
The Chicago White Sox stand out
as the ranking favorite in the Ameri
can League for the combination will
begin the season fully as powerful as I
when the team closed the 191 1 c?.n
paign with the double laurels of pen-j
nam winners and world charnpious.
Among the other clubs the New Yolk
Yankees are undoubtedly stronger in (
every department, with th-3 exception j
of pitchers, than wai the case last
year. The Boston Red Sox are morej
or less of an uncertain quantity, yet I
manv of their followers exnect them
to be the surprise of tho league.!
Cleveland, Detroit and Vashiugtoa
are about up to the standard of last
season, if not a trifle stronger, while
the Philadelphia Athletics with a num
ber of youngsters in the line-up can
not be figured upon in advance.
In considering the prospects of the
comine season the executives of the
two major leagues take cognizance of I
war time conditions in relation to
baseball yet are confident that the
national sport will not decline in qual
ity of play or in its hold upon Us fol
lowers, since patriotism and recrea
tion are necessarily connected at this
time. In a statement .specially pre
pared for the Associated Press, Presi
dent Tener gives his views as follows:
NATIONAL LEAGUE
by
President John K. Tener
Baseball, in common with all other
outdoor sports, in my opinion, should
be encouraged in times of war as wil!
as in times of peace. Baseball reall:
had its origin during the civil war
when soldiers in that great conflict
benefited themselves physically and
in spirit by engaging in this then new
game TUis was true with the HoWles
in our war with Spain, as it Is true
with our brave boys today who have
enlisted under the colors and are
either in the camps here or at the
front in France.
From the very inception of the
present war England has realized that
to keep her soldiers fit they mus: be
given opportunity to indulge in their
lavorite sports, and. by government!
appropriations, that country has used
a large sum of uioney for the pur
chase of athletic paraphernalia for v.se
of the athletes of her army. Presi
dent Wilson has given every encour-
agement to, and in fact has urged, j
the continuance of outdoor sports dur
ing the war. i
Under the Selective Draft or Ton-1
scription Act, professional baseball
players are called to the service of :
their country precisely the same as
those In any other profession, voca- j
tion or walk in life, and have answer-1
a1 and n A iict aa aa rl ir t r n n u'Af I
the call either by enlistment or draft
as other patriotic citizens; but until
that call conies, they must, as they
should, continue to earn their liveli
hood in the profession which gives
to them the greatest compensating re
turn and in which they are most ex
pert. Many players have enlisted, and
under the operation of the draft la
baseball has furnished its quota.
We all realize, especially at this
hour, the pressing call that is upon
K ..n .A nU n.. l .Irt. I
catu ui ua iu uiu uui luutiiiji in liv
ing all In our power to quickly furnish
men and means to combat the enemy
and to assure an early and complete
victory to our arms; and this effort
will be best sustained by getting into
the open and into the sushine occas
ionally and by either witnessing or
participating in outdoor sports to gain
that health and vigor and alertness ol
intellect necessary to do well the
work that may come to our hand.
Canada for years past ha played
and accepted basebill almost to the
exclusion of other summer si. arts,
and has carried the game into Eng
land, with our own boys, is now play
ing it in France, wnere in fact all the
troops of the Allied arn.ies engage in
playing our national game, which
seems to have in it the tery spirit and
inspiration that fits tl.e player for the
supremo effort of the soldier.
While we must all do our utmost
for our country at this time, we must
also have our hour of recreation, and
to recreate the body and sharpen the
senses, I know of no better tonic than
basebalL
MEXICAN MIGRATION
INTO STATES BEGINS
EL TASO, Tex.. April 13. Loaded
down with pots, pans and panots.
Medical: families again are trudging
acn.ss the rickety old international
bridge fiom Mexico to seek their small
fortunes in the beet fields and on the
farms of the Americans.
The Mexican family is the most mo
bile unit in the world. United States
immigriition service officials here say.
Given an hour's notice they can pack i
tceir few belongings and be ready to i
take the tnain to a distant point with
out, iiptarent hurry,. Small children
are bundled up in the mother's robosa
or black alpaca shawl, the household
belongings are quickly packed and Uie
family wardrobe stored in a small tin
trunk, whereupon the high hatted head
of the house announces to the employ
ment agent he and his are ready to
migrate.
Just now the rush of laborers is to
ward the sugar beet fields of Idaho I
and Utah. Later in the spring plant- J
ing season, when the weather in north-1
ern California and the mountains of
Colorado has modified, the Mexican
laborers will be diverted to those
fields, immigration officials say. These
Mexican families have been passing
through El Paso port at the rate of 50
males each day. This usually means
150 persons as the families always in
clude at least one child.
The Mexicans are admitted under a
suspension of the contract labor law,
the head tax law and the literacy law
tor agricultural w ork only. These laws
have tended to restrict immigration at
this point from Mexico and many Mex
ican families are now coming to the
border to take advantage of the sus
pension of these laws as a war emer
gency measure.
The American employers of the Mex
ica'i v orkmen are required to ret lrn
them to the point of entrance into the
L'nt'.ed States, to meet certain require
ments as to living conditions while tho
laborers are employed in the I'niteu
States and to make reports as te ' ieir
work and living conditions. Six months
is the limit the Mexican laborers may
remain in the United States under the
emeigency act but this may be re
newed by the immigration officio's.
FASIIIOX IliXT
4
11 "v
x. ....as,
This dainty pearl pray f ro k lias
frills and scallops all bound with
cordinft to give stiffness or to to
the accessories. The sleeves and tl.e
top of the vestec are of jreorgctte
crepe- This is a young ladj -s
tume and they are all m love wita it-
ff
3 x . t " .. .
ft . M
I "II I , I
U7K JH
y( r J " 4.
3 lK '
PRESIDENT SEEKS
RECREATION WITH
MOTORS AND GOLF
Like All Other Individuals,
Nation's Chief Executive
Finds Life With All Work
and No Play Tiring.
WASHINGTON. April la. Like ev
er toner. President v Uson must have
recitation to counterbalance t tie uiao
hour1) ot work, and, like every other
toiler, tne president nas recreation,
but hardly so much, and hardly under
such favorable conditions. '1 he famil
iar saying aoout all work and no play
apphes just as much to the executive
head of the nation as to the boy in the
streets.
So the president golfs, motors, walks
anu fcoes to the theatre. And occas
ionally in the summer wnen tne pave
ments of the Capital's streets tatriy
Bizzle, the White House family drops
down the Potomac for a day or so on
the president's yacht.
Ei-.iiy in the morning, long before
the bubtling crowds ot government
workers. Bwarm up Pennsylvania Aven
ue, a nig car glides through the White
House gates and purrs swiftly across
the city to a neighboring country club
where the president plays golf around
an e.fhteen-hole course, it isn t golf
alone; the president likes fresh air
and is as much of an advocate of the
outdoor lite as some of his immediate
predecessors in the executive mansion
Also, early morning air, he believes, is
conducive to real thought. How many
weighty questions of state have been
decided while the president carefully
poiseo ever an eignt-foot putt, no one
else probobaly knows. .Moreover. Mr.
ilson isn't a fair weather feolt player.
vVhether Washington is bathed in suu-s-iiue
or swept with chilly rains, he
playt his game. He has been known
to tramp enthusiastically over the
course with the flakes of a snowstorm
beatnik about hisears.
The president is tremendously fond
of the theatre especially vaudeville.
To, f.ltend twice a week is customary,
wh'ilu tc go as often as four times is
not remarkable.
Tho newspapermen in Washington
usually scent a ''u'6 story" when it is
noticed that the president is giving up
a laro proportion of his evenings to
the theatre. It is speculative, of course,
but generally it is felt that the presi
dent is- working on some important
stale business and goes to the theatre
to rest his mind.
Apparently the . president doesn't
care particularly for dramas, especial
ly cf the heavy type. It has been oil
served that his tastes run chiefly to
mujical comedy or vaudeville. . It is
intenecl that he cannot find proper
mental relaxation in' the depressing
situations of the drama. It might be
added, that he strictly avoids the
prol.'.em" plays.
At vaudeville, no air of ' austerity
prevails about the presidential box.
The president rarely returns r.om ,
vaudeville show unscathed. One or
more ol the performers usually ad
dresses a few remarks In his general
direction that generally send the audi
ence into gales of laughter. A broad
smile' then suffuses the president's
face and if the "crack" has been un
usually good, the speaker is rewarded
by Lnniuffled handclapping from the
White House box.
Great Battle Scene From Famous
Picture, "The Birth of. a Nation"
. -..- . .. fy y -
?. JiskV :"'--J Cj. c;V
s . ,- -' .. ',' r-.t
"The liirth ol a Nation," I). W. Grit
liih's masterpiece, showing the Civil
War in plctui's , will be shov.n at
tlie Central thia'cr starting this ai'ier
noon at - o'clock. The afternoon pt r
fcrmaiice will continue lor three hours,
while there ut!l be a nul.t per.'orm
an e starting at s o'clock-
Specking of this wonder picture,
the New York 'Sun says: "The Birth
of a Nation" marks a new epoch. This
wonderful photo-play sweeps the
crowd off its feet. Never befor; has
sue ha whirlwiud combination of story,
spectacle and tense dramu been un-,
rolled b'.'fore New Yorkers."
This pictiiie had a ear's continu-j
iis run in Chii hko. while it showed
for two months in Milwaukee and a'
year in New York, six months in j
Boston and San Francisco. Spcial ,
music will be played during tl.e pro-
IMillll. I
The surrender nl Genera! K"h : I t:.
Lee tii General l'i; ssc.-, S. Grant i t "
Appomattox is shown in the fiim while!
it timtaiiis battle si cuts of historic
inti rest staged :t a cost ill "M-e i !
of Hie tut til lit ivi t licluve epeli'!c(l on '
a !naiiig picture.
Apiil 11. lvi.'i, is lln date on which'
Pifsideni Abraham Lincoln wa as'
sassinated in Washington in Ford's'
theater. Today, exac tly .",3 ears l iter
this wouderful ptc turs depleting ttie
S25 PRIZE FOR BEST
RECIFE OFFERED FOR
BREAD MINUS WHEAT
PHOENIX. April 13. Wanted a
wheat lets or a near-wheatless rec ipe
ior yeast bread.
For the best formula of this kind
a member of the executive staff of
the food administration for Arizona is
offeiiug a prize of $J5.
The object of this contest is to se
cure the largest possible number ot re
cipes featuring milo maize and other
suDsiitutes 'or wheat flour readily- ob
tainable in Arizona.
Here are trie rules:
Ketipes should call for the use of
ytast.
They should be suitable for family
baking.
They should call for cornmeal, oat
meal, potatoes, milo maize or feterita
meal or Hour singiy or in combination
as the principle Ingredients.
The recipes should be enclosed with
the n.ime and address of the sender
in an envelope to be mailed to the
Whvatless Bread contest bureau. Fed
eral Pood Administrator for Arizona.
11S North Central avenue. Phoenix,
Arizona.
l)o not send samples ot bread.
The contest will close April 25. 191S.
and all recipts after that date will
rejected.
The contest is open to all. House
wives and high school and normal
students are especially urged to com
pete. Ihe award will be decided by a com
niittee o." home economics experts to
Le named by the federal foid admin
istrator. The most palatable bread with the
smallest ercentape of . w beat. 1 lour
will determine the award.'
The purpose of this contest, accord
ing to Fred J. Elliott, state conser
aticn chairman of the food adii'inis
tratit n. is to secure a large number
of working formulas adapted to Ari
zona, thus encouraging the latest pa
triotic movement among the house
holds of the nation to abstain from
the use of wheat eutirely until the
next harvest.
This is based, not on a regulation,
but ou a purely patriotic appeal, which,
has come from Herbert Hoover as one
means by which the very si-ant wheat
s ipr ly of the nation may be con
served. Mace this appeal has gone jTorth
the food administrator has been be
sieged with applications for no-wheat
lec pes. Though some formulas have
Leen recsived from Washington, these
are not especially adapted for us Jn
Aiizona, and it is up to Arizona house
wives to work out their own salvation.
Heiipes received in the contest that
come up to a certain standard will be
given ide distribution throughout the
state.
NEW AIR STAFF HEAD
(By Review Leased Wire)
LONDON. April 13. Major General
F. II. Sykes was appointed chief of
the air staff, replacing Major General
Trenchant who has resigned.
HUNS AT HELSINGFORS
(!:v Review Loused Wtre
' BERLIN, (via Landanl Apiil 13. It
is officially stated that a portion of
, the Germa nnaval forces which are
, supporting the German troops in Fin
. land anchored before Helsingfors to-
dav.
Globe boys won a flag tor patriotic
work.
scene ami many others wuicu uom
the a idiencespUbouud will be shown
at the Central theater.
Ot!i r features of this super-film
a:e S:-trmi.:i s march to the sea. the
t.;rr.Mi o ' A:la:ua. fho famous battle
cf Petersbui'g. the rise of the Ku
kin:; Kim a:ii the coming of the
prime of peace.
TLis picture will be of particular in
terc; at it-is lime with America cn
Sanel in t'ne world war, as it will
uive :le p-o;ilo .in Xipport'taltyl to
note the preat chaiiKe in war tactics
si n e 1 n rth ami south battled for
four e.irs over the problem of slav
er;. .
Tri 1 e -. wnrla-e. artillery dd'-ls In
wh:-h t . I shells. costiti $SH eacu are
used. 1' s o (trenches .thousands of
fit;literi. nihl photography of buUl
scene.; invented me I perfected at a
treat cist, m lid rides and other dra
matic leat'tres cosiinc a hel:' million
il'iU.irs up' shown. There are in all
.l.lHMi scenes with lS.Hlhi people pic
tnreil r.t'd 3.0HO horses ued.
The pit tore will be shown three
1 otiM-' init e days at the Central tiie
i'ter at Lowell in order that everyone
in the district will he able to see this
re.it tiltii The final program will be
shown Tuesday niht. An afternooi
program starting at
j show u eac'u day.
o'clock will be , '
SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, APRIL 14, 118.
ino;.cy i;; d ;( n tiielr polU '.' Tftejr j
nave !n ier ,r! of (li.'ir p:es"nl ad-1
dresses. Tr.e i'a'!)wins is tl" lift and i
fi rmer addi-es :.:: Jain1 Mariiu Down I
iiiM. Prts;-ott, Arionp; George llau- j
burger, Bisbee, Arizona: Darius M.j
I'urman. Phoenix and William T. lay )
CAHANEA SECURES
THEATRE
TODAY
Balcony Sc
Lower floor 10c
Reserved seats 20c
(LYRIC
ROYAL THEATRE
TODAY 1 TO 10:30
A Five -Reel
RED
CROSS
MONEY
-r of lilanrhanl, Arizona.
1F TVT
e
In Five
1 J" 1 1 . ll. !
lace GiCi, Dill SOIIieilllll very
woman in the case. See this
in a moving picture.
DON'T FAIL
Tm
"The Rough, H
"the Public Be Damned"
WITH CHARLES RICHMAN AND MARY FULLER, IN
of the Gigantic Food Speculation in the United States.
A
TODAY ONLY
LOIS WEBER and PHILLIPS SMALLEY
IN
"IDLE WIVES" .
The Play That Will Indelibly Impress Itself On Your Memory. New York's Most Wide
ly Read Dramatic Critic Says: " 'Idle Wives' Is a Play That Every Man and Woman in
the World Should See.'
ALSO
"A SANITARIUM SCANDAL"
Featuring PADDY M'GUIRE and An Ail-Star KEYSTONE Cast
ADMISSION 5 AND 10 CENTS
Additional City Briefs
I
SENT T OSAN DIEGO.
Joseph n. Tucker, of Webb, enlist ed
as carpenters male, aviation section;
John Robert Me.rriscu, in radio p rv
ice as electrician and Earl Jones as
seaman, il.ird class, wcje sent out of
the local navy recruiting station tu
Han lu'e-.M veM-Tlay.
TO EL PASO.
W. M. IV'irclas, as parpenter's mate
in aviation section, and O. M. Blair,
as member hospital corps, were sent
to El Paso fcv the navy recruiting of
ficer Salaiiino yesterday. They will
be given further examination at that
place and ten placed on the reserve
list.
DIED OF HEART FAILURE.
The coroner's jury summoned to in
quire into the death of the colored
man. Ben Baker, who was found dead,
in the I'pper Brewery Gulch Friday
eveninr. brought in n verdict stating
that his name was Ben Baker aged
Hhout 41 years and that he came to
his death from an attack of heart (Vil
li re.
HAS RETURNED.
J. J. lir.v. , n has returned from a trip
to Log Ane'e?. where he went with
some oT the members of the county
highway commission to inspect the dif
ferent pavements in that part of the
country. The balance of Jl:e commis
sion is still in tli.it 1-H-alitv and will
not renin ltmil next week.
EXAMINER HERE.
Slate Examiner H. W. Roundtree. is
spemmig a few days in the city, on ac
count of illness. He was working on
the looks in different offices in Tomb
stone !nd was taken il! with kidney
trouble ami came over here to secure
nicuicjil attendance. He is able to be
around but is not in a fighting condi
ti'ir. GIVEN C'XTY DAYS.
V.' T I'rtiKe. a former resident of
Coi hNe 'i i,:y was fonvd puilty ot
Ke!line iiit ixii atine liquors in Pho-'hix
and was sentenced to serve sixiv dtys
at hard labor stml nay a fine of x:;i0.
He formerly r;m the hotel at Fair
banks hut for the n:st yer Iirs been
riitirtiiiu ;h Alturas Hotel in Phoenix.
GOLD PF'TEP.
Pratti a'Iv cold h.is tv.'n re
tired from circulation by the banks at
the instruction or the federal reserve
board, which i nutting into effe t the
government poll''- of building up the
pold reserve and heno? The country's
tredit. It is very seldom now that
WILLIAM A. BRADY PRESENTS
ELV
IN
Tenth
Parts Directed by Geoi e Kelson.
1 L..,J ( L. U
unusual luppcucu lu marvc linn iiaiig- nu iiiwikj nuuui tiii.
picture and see the most unusual situation ever presenter
PARAMOUNT-ARKUCKLE COMEDIES
With Roscoe, "Fatty,'' Arbuckle, in Two Parts.
TO SEE MONDAY, APRIL
VM TffEAT
CONTINUOUS FROM 1 TO
IE
! persons accustomed to handling money
see a gold piece. ,
IS AT CAMP SEVIER.
Lotty Wilson, who left here with
the first quota of the drafted men is
at present located at Camp Sevier,
South Carolina. He writes he is in de
tention camp but he failed to mention
names. Jutet where the boys will be
sent after they are out of quarantine
is not known, but they are hoping to
get in the "big show" in France.
WERE MARRIED.
C. J. Brandt and Edith M. Anderson
were married yesterday noon by Judge
High at his office in the Allen Block.
The bride was until recently employed
in tht Woolworth store and the groom
U engaged in the painting business in
this city. They were former acquaint
ances in Chicago before coming here.
They will make their future home in
this district.
PLEADS GUILTY.
David Orloff who was arrested cn
Friday night as he stepped off of the
incoming train with a suit case filied
with 24 quarts of whisky, yesterday
entered a plea of having intoxicating
liquor in his possession and w as tin
$125 and sentenced to serve a term of
1') days in jail. He wiil be taken la
charge by the county authorities and
rn information filed against him
charging him with transp3rting intoxi
cating liquor.
ATTENDED THE CIRCUS.
Quite a number of Warren district
residents went to Douglas yesterday
afternoon and last evening to attend
the cirrus. They had their minds
made up to see the circus and when
they found out that it was not coming
here made arrangements to go to Dou
glas. They report that the show was
i:p to the usual standard of the Sclls
Floto shows.
IS iN CITY.
Casey Stites. assistant secretary of
the ananea Copper company, at Ca
nama. was in the city last evening and
will remain over today on a business
trip. He reports that things at the
ramp are in first class shape and that
the smelters are turning out a full ca
pacity of copper matte. The output
now lr larger than it has been at any
time since operations were resumed
at that place.
TO VISIT HOME.
Miss Nettie Miller left last evening
for her home at St. David, where she
will lemain over Sunday on a visit to
her parents and brothers and sisters.
She has a brother who is now home on
a visit who will leave in the next quota
Case"
Ulo minr olvMtl V. S
oiise
FIFTEEN
SIX PARTS. An Expose
11
TODAY ONLY
ADMISSION 5 AND 10 CENTS
from Cochise county and the family
are having a reunion before he leaves.
Miss Miller is one of the clerks in the
emolcv of the Woolworth store.
FROM TOMBSTONE.
A. E. Davis and wife were In the
city yesterday from Tombstone. Mr.
Davis is the owner cf the Huachuca
Water plant in Tombstone. He states
' that Tombstone is ra'.her quiet at t'ae
' "repent time on aecaunt of the clos
ing down of some of the properties
: of the Bunker Hill cmpany. but that
the outlook is still encouraging. They
. returned home late last evening.
THE CANDY KID.
'Tommy Sutton, the genial repre
sentative, of Bishop and company of
Los Angeles, is in the city for a few
days interviewing our merchants as
to their wants in the candy, jelly and
cracker line. He has been making the
Warren district for over twenty years
and is known to the majority of his
friends as the "Candy Kid." He is
some Kid though, he has a boy in the
service of Uncle Sam and is wearing
a small service Hag to display the
fact, of which he has a right to be
proud.
WANTED PICTURE.
H. W. Clsrkson. the former Bisbee
harness maker, was in the city yes
terday from his ranch in the Huarh't
cas. He came in to have his picture
taken so thpt it could he forwarded to
the quartermasters office at Fan An
tonio, so that they couH iudfe wheth
er or not he was able to enter the
service. He received a blank from
them several wcks aco asking if ho
vps willing ti enter the service. He
filled out the blank stating that he
wrs. irnH now comes the request for
his picture.
NOW IN ELKS HOME.
The Bisbee lodge of Elks has given
the local chapter of the Red Cross the
life of the second floor of the Elks'
Home and the sewing rooms are now
located in the Elks' lodge hall, having
been moved In the last few days from
the former location in the Copper
Quern library building, which has be
come too crowded. There Is plentv of
room In the new location and the Elks
have assisted the ladies in securing
additional sewing machines so that
more workers can be used. The Elks
have given the use of the room to the
Red Cross for the duration of the war.
WANT POLICY HOLDERS.
The local agents of the New York
Life Insurance comnanv in this dis
trict have been notified hv the main
office in Phoenix to try and locate sev
eral policy holders who formerly re
sided in other parts of the state, that
NAMES ARE READY.
, The Cochise county board has com
plied the list of names of the S2 young
men who will complete the next quota
froi: Cochise comity. The names will
noi l'c given out for publication for a
tew days yet on account of a conflict
' in tne orders. One statement from
' PhoeniealIod upon the board to furn
ish 82 men and another called for only
54. It is expected that the men will
be sent from Douglas between the
2fith i'.nd 3Mh. The exact date is up
, to the railroad company to fix. It is
left to them so that they can make ar
rangements for the gathering of the
necessary equipment. As soon as the
list Is released the names will be
1 printed in these columns.
DOIhif. NICELY.
C. E. Prott, who was injured by be
ing hit by a Ford car driven by Bar
ley Williams yesterday noon, was re
poried as doing nicely at the Copper
Queen hospital last evening. No
bones were broken and prott is suf
fering from bruises and cuts. He was
walking along the pavement this side
of Iiwell coming toward Bisbe.e. as
was Williams in his car. when about
opposite Prott Williams forced off the
pavement by a car going down, and
in order to keep from hitting the car
he turned off. the pavement and in so
doing struck Prott and knocked him
down. Williams stopped his car at
once end picked up the injured man
and took him to the hospital. The
pavement is too narrow and when two
cars iry to pass, pedestrians are forc
ed off the pavement. There have been
a number of narrow escapes on the
road in the past few weeks.
MAHRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses
have been issued out of the clerk's of
fice at Tombstone during the past
week: William A. Seherin, Mrs. Cor
delia Lane, both of Willcox; Joseph
Oliver to wed Pansy Henderson, both
of Douglas; Frank B. Neville to wed
Agr.es Porter, loth of Mascot; Calvin
W. Pohlman to wed Litha Faye Gin
geritch. both of Bisbee; Walter Death
erage of Ft Huachuca to wed Alberta
Sima, of El Paso; Bert C. Rich to wed
Koiia H. Rutherford, both of Douglas;
Daniel S. Tinlin to wed Ingrad Coffey,
both of Douglas; Clarence J. Brandt to
wed Edith M. Anderson, both of Bis-
hee; Jas. G. Johnson to wed Hazel
Scott, both of Benson; Charles H.
Chester to wed Helen F. Sftlas, both of
Poiiglas; S. P. Boucher, to wed Grace
Irwin, both of Douglas; W. W. Reyn
ard to wed Elonore Dubbs, both of
Douglas; F. E. Richardson of Douglas
to wed May Henninger of Globe; Wal
ter Chrosh to wed Mary Ramos, both
of Biitee.
33 BURN TO DEATH
IN HOSPITAL FIRE
fT?v Review I-easeil Wlrei
XORDAN. Okla., April 13. Thirty
three bodies, burned and charred be
yond recognition tonight had been
taken 'from the ruined building that
housed ward number 14 of the state
hospital for the insane here, ravaged
by lirt that started early this morning.
Three buildings, all frame structures,
were destroyed, and a fourth was bad
ly damaged. The list of missing to
night Ftood at thirty-seven, having
been increased to that number from
36 this afternoon.
According to the best information
obtainable the fire started from de-
j fecttye wiring in a linen closet in war
number 14. A night watchman dis
covered the blaze shortly after 2 a. m.
The blaze quickly spread through out
the first floor of the two-story struc
ture. Thirty-five helpless negroes
were carried quickly from the adjoin
ing ward, number 15, but the blaze in
ward 14 had gained great headway and
it was here most of the deaths oecur
ed. Ward number 10, a one-story frame
structure, next caught fire. Eighty
negro patients were rescued from it.
most Oi them having to be carried out
i nthe arms of rescuers.
A two-story structure containing
wards and 16 next started to blaze.
These two wards contained 88 violent
patients, most of them negroes. Some
of the patients in this ward fought
their rescuers. '
Tne fire here was extinguished be
fore the structure was destroyed.
Only a few of those in ward 14
esc&pei' and the victims were burned
beyond identification.
Most of the thirty-three bodies re
covered were found in beds. Indicating
a great many of them had been render
ed l-rlpless by smoke and fumes.
First reports placed the ages of
those missing at from 10 to 13 vears.
but o later checking up indicated none
of the persons missing from ward 14
was uniier 14 years old. Some of them
were from 16 to 36 old. and had been
in the institution for a long time, hav
ing neither relatives nor friends.
Dr. D. V. Griffin, superintendent of
the hospital believes that the list of
missing will he cut down somewhat bv
the f'nding of patients who escaped
from the grounds in the first rush.
Sixty employes of the hosnital among
them, many nurses, distineuished
in rescuing patients and In fighting
the flames. Women nurses risked
their lives by entering the burning
build'ngs.
The properly damage Is estimated
at $4ii.ooo.
HUN BOAT SINKS.
fT. Rovlw T ensed TVre
LONDON'. April 13. A German tor
pedo iKiat struck a mine off Zeebrurge
Friday and sank, according to a dis
patch to the Exchange Telegraph com
pany from the Hague.
Women of Cananoa Sonora. Mexico,
have raised $HM ftjr the Red Cross
ty a baaar at which booths were run
by the loyal workers. Each Ameri
can woman in camp donated two dol
lars for material from which wearing
apparel was made. These articles
were sold while a tea. cake, art, kit
chen end baby booth were operated
by the women. A jitney dance also
Teatured.
The bazaar lasted from three in
the afternoon until midnight and was
t-eld a week ago Saturday.
Mrs. A. M. Krat is president of the
committee in charge and Mrs. I. A.
.Maule secretary and treasurer. Mrs.
"cree Younp rendered valuable and
to Ihe committee. An application foj
a -Red Cross chapter in Ctwianea lias
been ma le to Washington.
The tea booth was in charje of
Mcsdames T. Evans, C. F. Hoffman,
I-ap:;ley and Hawse. The art booth
found Mesdi'.mcs L. A. Maule, Mit'nr
n.ick and Marcoux i" charge. At the
candy booth Mesdanis Zenar. Robert
son and Val'.e dispensed sweets, while
Mesdames Beckham and Loomis sold
cike. Meslames Green and Holland
did the honors at the kitch?n tioth
with Mesdames C. Glenn and H. IU
Haas taking care of the baby booth.
POTATO WEEK HERE
EVERYONE IS ASKED
TO HELP EAT SPUDS
PHOENIX, April 13 Good morn
ing; did yon eat a potato with your
breakfast?
If not you have not done your full
duty as a patriot.
For be it known that the food ad
ministration has decreed that tbe
week or April 51-21 is potato week,
and that every man. woman and child
in the state is supposed to eat at
least one potato with every meal.
The object of potato week, as ex
plained by the food administration Is
three fold. It will reduce the potato
surplus in this state by creatin? it
market for some fifty carloads of lus
cious "spuds" grown by the farmers
and gardeners of Flagstaff, Williams
and other Arizona districts. It will
tend to reduce the 30.000,000-bushel
surplus of potatoes In the I'nlted
States, thus preventing an enormous
wastage. It will reduce the consump
tion of wheat at a time when every
erain is needed for export to th?
hard-pressed allies and for our own
army and navy.
Eating potatoes this week will help
win the war, contends the food admin
istration. This is not only a patriotic
move, but :an economic one. It is
doubtful if potatoes will ever be cheap
er than they will be sold for during
the coming week. Housewives are
advised to stock up.
Grocers have agreed to co-operate
by selling potatoes at near cost.
Restaurant? will co-operate by feat
uring potato dishes on their menus.
Everyone else is expected to aid in
the Potato week drive by eating and
buying potatoes, at all times giving
preference to the superior grades
grown in Arizona.
WOMAN THREATENS
HUBBY WILL SHOOT
WHEN HE RETURNS
Rv Review I .ease.! Wire)
CHICAGO. April 13. Professor Wm.
Isaac Thomas of the department of
sociology of the university of Chicago
who was arrested with Mrs. Pearl
Granger, the young wife of an army
lieutenant now serving in France. in;new superintendent. H. W. Evans. wel
a downtown hotel Thursday, spent ten
minutes in Jail this afternoon.
Thomas, who is called -Daddy" by
Mrs. Granger, was arrested on a war
ranf charging disorderly conduct and
made returnable in the morale court
Monday morning. He secured his re
lenpo or. $400 bond and immediately
returned to his home where Mrs.
Thomas, who was a member of the
Ford Peace mission had given refuge!
to Mis. Granger.
Professor Thomas, who is 53 yeo.s
old with a national reputation and a
family socially prominent, was called
by his wife a "foolish boy who had
committed an unutterably stupid act,
not wrong but indiscreeL"
Mr Granger, who is 24 years o'.d,
with a baby boy living now with his
grat.d-parents in Fort Smith. Arkan
sas, Mrs. Thomas referred to as in
"Immature child, dazzled by the dis
tinguished professor."
Following the arrest of the profes
sor and Mrs. Granger, after their trip
from Washington. Mr. Thomas mo'or
ed downtown to visit Mrs. Granger and
her sister. Miss Delia Raines, an IS
year eld motion picture actress, and
took both girls home with her to talk
owe the whole situation.
"When husband comes home I will
abide in happiness with him and him
alone," declared Mrs. Granger when
asked what the further consequences
cf tho affair might be and then she
added:
"But there will be shooting shoot
ing. I say when he comes back. And
if he learns it now he w ill immediptc'y
desert to come."
COAL MINES IDLE
(Rv Review t.enseil Wire)
CHICAGO. April 13 Illinois coal
mines are working at only 4f per cent
of thei- capacity, according to state
ments issued tonight by members of
the Illinois Mine operators association
who declare that this was due mainly
to a shortage of transportation.
John Clark was awarded damages
in the sum of $2,750 in his personal
injury suit against the Tres Metales
Mining company by a jury in Judge
Stanford's court in Maricopa county.
FEATURE
ALSO
Good Comedy
MUSIC BY ROYAL ORCHESTRA
PICTURES CHANGE DAILY
Admission: Balcony 5c; Lover Floor 10c
Coming Tomorrow
VIVIAN REED AND EDDY FOLO
."THE BULL'S EYE"
i
KNOWLEDGE
"In Our Examinations"
MERIT
"In Our Methods"
Watkins &
Quality Jewelers
MAIN
BASEBALL IZpm. WARREN PARK
Junction -Briggs vs. C. & A.
OPENING OF SEASON
CENTRAL BUTTE HAS
NEW SUPERINTENDENT
Those interested in the development i
of the Central Butte Mining company.
whose property is located three miles '
from Pearce. feel much elated over
the development work being pushed
by the management who I after ore. j
The new compressor purchased from j
Don Carpmter at El Paso, will, be
shinned. tn the nrnnertv nr. the ir.thiof Baltimore, to the Rev. I. s?. Mc
and will bf in operation before Mav j Kirov. Jr. oC Columbus. Ga.. was an
1. The working force wi!l be Increased ; """need here tontsht. Mr -Wilson is
so as to have two shifts in the shaft. ! onl' brotb.er of Presi I Tit Wlisai.
and work will continue to be pushed i
rapllly forward to reach the shipping!
ore. The company has appointed a
i known as a successful mining ensl-i
neer and superintendent of the type
wno gets resuiis. sir. tvans. wno is
a graduate or the University or Tor -
onto. Canada, was for four years gov -
ernment geologist for the Province of
Ontario, managed a property in the
famous Cobalt district and was also '
manager of the well known Holliiiuer
property in Porcupine. For the past
two years he has successfully mun i
aged the properties of the Mt. Roval
Consolidated Mining company in the
Steeplerock district. New Mexico.
The sales agnts. Magaw Ward,
who have offices in -Douelas and Bis
bee. report excellent sales o fstock.
The stock was recently advanced from
50 cents to 75 cents and Id in activ?
demand.
Dog Stays
When Men Leap
Tl'CSO.V. April 13. The only trne
ly gasoline "go-devil" dog in Arizona
arrived in Tucson yesterday from Pan
tano. driving a Southern Pacific "go
devil" at a speed of not less than f0
miles an hour and barking his might
lest, be: a use he could not toot a horn.
The "go-devil" struck a derail east
of the Southwestern yards and the
dog leaped to safety. He was taken
back to Pantano hy his master, a sec
tion foreman. The dog is a shepard !
collie.
According to the storv told by his
master, and couched for by Patrolman
Steen whii h is enough the dog was
on a section godovll which was sail
ink up the tracks west of Pantano.
with his' master and four others. Just,
below Pantano a train rounded the,
curve, and the stclon men. believing:
they were going to he run down, re-i
versed the car and put all speed on
the machine. The train crep closei
and closer and the men abandoned the
rig. taking flying leap. The dog.
however, elune to the go-devil, which
gained" w ith the. loss of weieht and
swung into and out of the Pantano
station. There the train stopped and
the go-devil, hlting on all cylinders,
QUALITY
"In Our Glasses"
THE REASONS
"For Our Success"
Berquist
The Uest Opticians
STREET
continued to gain with the down grade.
By the time it reached Tucson it had
j gotten up express speed and the out
! fit whirled through the Southwestern
j station like a shot, with the dog
j crouched upon the platform, harking
j in delirious happiness of the speed
bug.
MISS WILSON ENGAGED
i Itv Review Ieuft4l Wire
BALTIMORE. April 13 The en
fagemetit of Miss Alice Wilson, daugh
ter of Mr. and Mrs. Joseph R. Wilson
HUNS CLAIM GAINS
(Rv Review Leased Wire)
BERLIN. I Via l-on.t.inl Anril 1?..
n;he evening statement from General
j hea Jquarters says:
i we gained ground on the
; fmnt n the Lv3 all the wav.
Wjse there is nothing new."
i
battle
efaer
COLLINS &
BRETHERTON
We Specialize In
JEROME
AND--
OATMAN
STOCKS
Jack BIdg., Main Street
Phone 26 Box 1129
BISBEE TRANSFER,
STORAGE & COAL CO.
Warehouse & Office Opposite Depot
PHONES 640 and 50.
Y. W. C. A. CAFETERIA
OPEN TO THE PUBLIC
Prices Reasonable
Breakfast 6:50 to 8:30
Lunch 11:30 ta 1:30
Dinner 5:00 to 6:30 THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, APRIL 14, 1918.
WEEKLY NEWS LETTER YOUNG
EIEN'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION
OF WARREN 5IINING DISTRICT
Men's Department I a:,d renewals, who have joined the
The latest news from Mr. Richard-' Association during the past week:
son is that he is slowly improving and C. J Witt, W. R. Lake, B. L. Syrgley,
expects to be back on the job in a Tew j C. J Barnhart, H. J. Rowlett, Wm.
weeks, a better man physically than ! Townsend, J. B. Fox, Hon Harvey, Er
ver t nesi J. Beyer, David Evans, F. O. Col-
I son. D. F. Wallace, Y. S. Robinow,
LA TEST PIIOTOGRA PI I OF XEUr LEA DER
OF ALLIES AXD BRITISH COMMANDER
Adolph Hill, wrestler, boxer, volley
ball player, and mucker at one of the
mines left Tuesday morning for his
home in Blythe, Texas. Adolph had
a severe case of the grippe and witli
his brother gone, the old home had a
strong pull. Adolph expects to work
on the farm this summer.
Boys' Department
The first Annual State Boys' Con
ference is now in session at Tucson.
Boys from all over the state are in at
tendance. The leading speakers for
the conference are E. M. Robinson, in
ternational committee. New York;
Frank H. Cheley, international com
mittee, Denver; W. H. Day, interna
tional secretary Y. M. C. A., El Paso;
Dr. K. B. Von Kleinsmid, president of
...... . , . . ... . I I 111, l III I VI iJll J J L iUIWIU, U. AJ. viujc,
W e like to be in style w ith the rest , fedei.a, staUdirector D0'ys. working
I reserve, Phoenix; Captain S. E. Moore
i member British military mission to- the
j United States; H. P. Demand, boys'
I work -secretary interstate committee
Y. M. C. A., El Paso; Arnold Baldwin,
! Lester Ferrel and Harry Brunning are
- I attending the conference.
Dave Truscott, one of the Y mem-j
bers and a former member of the Th- ronteEt that has been runnine
band, is ill at his home on School Hill. ! jn tne iiitermediate, employed boys
A'l or the educational classes will
I e cp iucted as usual in the absence
if r-i.i ational Secretary Mac H. Don
; . n, except those which Mr. Don
a -vii conducted personally.
of the fellows. Fifty or seventy-five
of our members and regular attend
ants in the lobby have the la grippe
so Mr. Mitchell in sympathy took his
portion, but bad only three days of it,
and is now feeling as .well as ever.
Fred Kennaugh, Clinton Keller, Paul
Dally, R. B. Wallace, Frank Leonard
Smith. Jesus Snarez, F. O. Wright.
Dave works at the Czar shaft.
Several boxers and wrestlers were
present at the Y gymnasium Wednes
day night to work out. Weber and
Dixie expect to meet again for a fin
ished match at an early date.
and junior gym classes closed Friday,
The lesults will be announced this
week A relay race will be held Satur
day April 20, for all boys of the depart
nient between the ages of 10 and 14in
clubive. In the near future, a feed will
be held for all of the boys' department.
In the junior gym class contest held
Thursday the spring board jump wa3
Mac H. Donaldson, our educational;
secretary, received word of the death
of h's father, A. M. Donaldson, a pion- the Main event. The following boys
eer resident of Denver, Colorado. He jumped to a height of 5 feet: Bertrum
was 64 years old, and for many years j Mors-e. Jack Landrum, Henry Stodg
has been prominent in philanthropic j'hill, Miles Roberts and Damon Wag
and religious work. He was engaged . gener.
in the assaying and gold refining bus-
iness, until his last illness, whirii was ! Otis Livingston, who was always
pneumonia. Mr. Donaldson will re-; prominent in games and gym stunts at
turn soon to his duties at the Hisbee the Y. M. C. A. left for California a
Y. M. C. A. . few days ago for a visit. He expects to
j make use of the Y. M. C. A. while
Volley ball is still one of the main away. His membership card will be
games in the gymnasium. Many new fcood in any town that he may visit,
recruits are entering the classes. I
Volley tall is just the game for the
business man. It is fine exercise and
lots of fun.
rrj'. . .
KtV'- W " V-n t 'ill
,
7 tcr
f
3P
1
1 i o
VtcrSt:ir ill
1
S
r
Gen. Ferdinand F-h, the new generalissimo of il:e allied armies, and Gen.
Sir Douglas Hr-ig, co.-.-nder of the Brit::U forces.
JINNY
We have a card from our old friend
Earl Wittig. or "Toots." as be is bet
ter known by his friends. He is in
Tamp Funston, 22nd Company. 164
Dept. Brigade. Toots says he has not
had the pleasure of seeing a bowlins
alley since the good old Bisbee Y. He
sends regards to all the boys.
DRAFTED MEN THANK
WOMEN OF DISTRICT
FOR WARM FAREWELL
In bobilf of this brother Private
Earl Wittig a ad others of the Cochise
ro.iow.ng is a .euer iron, one o. c FunBtoa on EaSter Sunday from
the 'bammiea in France: 'I have , h, , clarence E. Whittlg. district
enjoyed the few dys nation taking resident has written the Revtew re.
long walks and climbing hills and ouef,tin tnat women of the diBtrict
mountams. The V M C. A. is , doing 1 fa j b,ddi the" drafted
wond-rfnl wprk: both the women and J conlinf.ent farewell. be thanked. The
the men are so unselfish, and doing , ,e er from Mr wut, folIows.
everything they possibly can fop our .jy, mt.bee Dai, Revlew.
boys. The work is under the dirc- . ha,f f brothr private
V a". iuKeeiu a narnuug. : j,., other Cocnise county
boys, who left for Camp Funstcn. Kan-
DOUGLAS APPEALS TO STATE TO
TO WAR NEEDS FORGET SELF
James S. Douglas, who has been in ; the administration of Mr. Taft and so
AWAKE
af fee tec. the American national patrio
tic sentiment which, existed at the
time of the sinking of the Maine as to
have made it doubtful for us to have
declared war against Germany the
next morning after the sinking of the
Lusitacia.
We Were Late.
Do not forget that if the United
your paper, and I feel that I cucht to ' states had declared war then, this wa
France since early after the United
States entered into the war writes the
following to the Verde Copper Xcwb:
Paris, March 11, 1918.
Editor Verde Copper News.
Jerome:
I have just received clippings from
write and try to wake up my people in
Arizona to the fact that our United
would not have had time to bring
about a revolution in Kussia, nor to
siotoi c at n-or uHth r.Fn,nv an bow me seeas oLtreacnery on ine
that it is no Hm for landlord' tn he 'Italian frontier pad so succeed in her
delightful little woman. The head
quarters are at the Casino which
ranks next to that at Monte Carlo. It
is almost beyond description, but you
will have some faint idea as to its
size w hen I tell you in one wing there
is a theatre as large as most of those
at home: in another wing there is a
dance hall equal in size; the canteen
is in another wing, and a fourth is
used for movies not to say anything
of the library. lounge and writing
rooms.
to drink chocolate and tea served by
our American ladies over the famous
bar where royalty in times past drank
wine. Surely great changes are tak
ing place all oer this world. Let me
take this occasion to say to you and
to thoe with whom you may come
Bas on Easter Sunday, I wouli ap
. predate it very much if you would
thank the ladies of the Warren Dis
trict who put up the nice lunches, and
also put forth efforts to make th-i de
parture and trip to Camp Funston a
' pleasant one.
"The boys at the present time are
located at Camp Wood, Fort Riley,
Kansas, and are stationed in the 160tU
It certainly does seem strange .,mn ,,ir nPa,'L,Prllifo .her hev win
remain in Quarantine for 21 days, af
ter which they will be transfered tc
hol-iiss" up the people who havj to pay
rent, nor for the people who bave to
pay rent to be quitting work because
j they can't get $6.50 a day instead of
$6.0o.a day.
Why is it that Germany is able to
put up such a terrific fight. Because
she is efficient, and her people are
efficient, and they get up ear?y in the
morning and "fly at it," and do not
work at things that are unne.:-.:sisary
for the winning of the war.
That is the reason and the only
reason that Germany has placil her
self iu the position where she new is.
And yet we do not wish to be driven
to war as are the German people by
the lords of the German empire.' Are
we not going to strive to uphold the
principle of "our fathers?" And are we
not going to prove that a government
in contact, that the Y. M. C. A. is do
ing wonderful work and is entitled to
neany suppon irom our peop.e ai , HUM BOLT The annual report of
home. No other institution could do j tne consolidated Arizona Smelting
for our boys what the Y. M. C. A. is t.olu,!tny ior the year 1917 established
doing. I have visited many Y. M. C. a nf w record hnth in nroriuctinn an 1
A headquarters snd at each and every i profiLs for the company. The official
place I l:ave found the men and worn- siattment shows net oneratine nrofits
the branch of service that the Govern
i .. , V, 'i 1 1 nlqna lka,n in I
..Tht n Z , ',n, of the. people can actually exist ..ith
Thanking you in advance for this . , , , . .. .
favor I remain.
Very sincerelv yours,
CLARENCE E. WITTIG.
tremendous victory over the Italians
which occurred last fall. We Ameri
cans are to blame for our present
"plight. I know that we are going to
triumph over our enemies, and I know
that the principles which we believe
in will be upheld, but everybody, j
whether they are at home or abroad, j
must opply their very best energy to!
the taFk of gaining the one grand end,
which will surely come. Do not for a j
minute think that this war will be '
won easily.
Wc have got to have three million i
men in France and two million more !
in leserve, and we have got to have
millions of tons of cannon, ammuni
tion, ships, and other "heavy grind
ing machinery" in order to "grind the
face eft the Hun" before we are all i
too olt' to be able to take much sat-!
en in charge earnest, anxious, sym
pathetic, courteous and thoughtful.
No one who has not been on the
ground can appreciate what all this
means to our boys who are so far
away from home. lii Paris I visited
three headquarters in one evening. At
each and very one I found hundreds
; statement shows net operating profits
for l.17 of $S81.816.04. as compared
with &u!i.u41.71 in 1916.
isfaction in the triumph of it.
the necessary efficiency so that t:;e , Lincoln's Wisdom.
nation that believes in such prntii.lesi i i,3Ve just run on to a saying of;
caa protect itself against the inrrodj ! Lincoln written during the Civil war,
of a despot such as the German 1 that has stuck in my head, and I shall
kaiser Let me say to you, that unless ; finiFh this long diatribe, w hich you '
we change our system and control our i maj r.ot perhaps think of enough in- j
greea wnicn nas neen excited uy tne tere.,t even to print, by quoting it:
high prices of wages and material
"V-e did not seek this war; we did
until
of boys, who were it not .'or the Y. ! the pperty was larger than sntiripsa
M. C. A. might have been on the ed, dut to abnormal times, they have
street and you know- what that , evei reason to feel gratifi ed will.' the
means." 1 probpect for financial sueces.;
AJO In the annual report f itie
New Cornelia Copper company 'or the
year ending December SI. 1917. Presi
dent Charles Briggs says that ait Sou," h i do io easily.
the cost of developing and frqui;p:!ig , that .e can only do it by the natural
resources and all of the people being
caused by this war, we will be much not begin it. We accepted it for an
longer in whipping the Hun than we object, and when the object is ac-
oughl " be. . compliKhed the war will end. and I
No Doubt of Result.
I have no doubt how this war is
coming out. 1 know that the allies j (Signed)
are feeing to triumpn, out aon t inmK
for a minute that they are going to
And let me assure you
hope to God it will never end
that object is accomplished." .
J. S. DOUGLAS.
Following is a lin of new members i REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS
He who wastes
a crust of bread
prolongs the war
IT'S DUFFY LEWIS;
DO V KXOJV UIM?
mobilized in our own country to sup
port our armies in France and tne
armies of our allies who are actually
fighting.
Life in the "trenches of Paris" is
no justification for my writing to my
own people and rousting them as
above, but Brophy, Collins, Solomon,
Iwen Zeiseuier and myself, whom you
all know, are not by any means hav
ing a good time. We are working long
hours and are up against a mighty
hard job, but I am glad to say that our
department of the American Red Crons
is gradually getting into pretty good
bhape and the whole organization is
making progress towards the winning!
of the war. J
If ail of you could really appreciate,
w haf France has done for the world in j
this war (I have not been to England .
I and the fight they have really put up.
by seeing the hundreds of widows and
cripples ort the streets every day, I
; know that everybody at home would .
j work harder and would have a greater
j t pprccfatlou of what those at home ,
muse go in order to bring aliout. before
too ii;pny years have gone by. our
right at- Americans to look a French
man or an Englishman in the face anil
leel that we have done our part and
thai we are again their equals.
We. as a nut ion, have gone through
a bilttr experience since the com
mencement of the Madero revolution,
and we of Arizona have the advantage :
over those of other parts of the coun
try', i" having the knowledge thai our,
national sentiment was dullod and our
national spirit, seriously affected by
the l ;auy killings of our citizens that i
happened iu our froutier states during '
Chief Petty Oilicir Du.Ty Lev. is.
F.ven though DurTy Lewis some
how resembles a sirret car conductor
wneii all dressed up in his unifnim
as chief petty oflicer of the naval
reserve at M,ir. Island. Duffy's old
friends will know hi.i! pf"f.r :i s.oond
Iflancs an-1 recti I It is nifty per
formances at hat iTi world's :-crics,
as well as through liia many eiaona
with the Kad Sux.
American Oil Exploration Co.
CAPITAL STOCK, $2,000,000 PAR VALUE $1 PER SHARE
Full Paid and Non-Assessable No Preferred Stock NoBonds
A Great Gripping, Golden
Financial Giant
YOUR OPPORTUNITY
You no doubt recall how many people laughed deri3ively, and mighty incredulous,
when a little over a year ago, some of the far-seeing ones organized companies to de
velop oil prospects in Wyoming.
It seemed "preposterous," "all bull" and so on, but nevertheless those same scof
fers must realize NOW the exceptional possibilities for enormous wealth to be gath
ered from the great greasy gushers of oil flowing into the channels of trade. They
must realize that oil production in Wyoming is no longer a joke. Will those same scof
fers have "to be shown" again, now that it i3 noised abroad that oil is being produced
in commercial quantities in many other fields as well ?
OIL stands head and shoulders in value and demand, above every other known
commodity. OIL is the great gripping, golden giant that rules today. The world sup
ply of oil at present is millions of barrels per month .and yet this mighty flood pour
ing forth night and day IS NOT ENOUGH ! Those who have the statistics well iii
hand, tell U3 that the supply each month falls short of the demand in the United States
alone, some 25,000,000 barrels, and the "S. O. S." is flashed. "If the war continues
much longer, the oil shortage will be tremendous SERIOUS" which means, that
still newer fields MUST be found and developed, for the very vitality of commerce de
pends upon plenty of this life-fluid that is needed in every direction, to carry on the
world s work.
Some months ago the American Oil Exploration Company began very extensive
exploration through their oil experts and their researches have been richly rewarded.
Their reports tell us that their present holdings of more than 1 1 ,000 acres have the
undoubtable ear-marks of several big oil fields. These same experts are enthusiastic
over the oil indications and a very encouraging part of their reports is to the effect
that PARAFFINE is the base of the oil showing. Paraf fine base oil, as you know, is
worth twice the value of the asphaltum base oil found further west in California. Re
member. THE BIGGEST FORTUNES HAVE ALWAYS BEEN MADE IN OIL.
Read These Reports and Then Act
WEST ENTHUSIASTIC OVER RECENT REPORT ON OIL BILL WHICH HAS
BEEN UP FOR DISCUSSION IN WASHHINGTON FOR PAST TWO MONTHS.
From Mr. IT. H. Schwartz just returned to Cas
per,' who, with Messrs. John T. Clark of Cheyenne,
Frank G. Curtis and Leslie A. Miller of Casper, and
Warwick M. Downing of Denver, has been in Wash
ington representing Western interests in conuection
with the Oil Leasing Bill, we get the report that the
new oil bill has been agreed upon by its many repre
sentatives in Washington, numbering fifty or more,
and the Administration appears to be heartily in
favor of any work which will be for the general de
velopment of the West, and especially does this ap
ply to Wyoming. We cannot biame those in author
ity in Washington for their unfavorable attitude to
ward the measure, for their statements were to the
effete that "No two people representing the inter
ests of the West agreed as to the requirements."
Those in attendance at the Committee finally got
together and made their requests in such a way as
. to be readily understood, pointing out the import
ance of fewer restrictions in order to pet the land
developed.
BRIGHT OL'TLOOK FOR THE OIL IXDUSTKV
IN" WYOMING. Mr. Schwartz states that the situa
tion is very satisfactory and the consensus of opin
ion in Washington is that any bill finally passed by
Congress will be to the advantage of those who are
developing the resources of the state. Mr. Thus. A.
O'Donneli, Chief Administrator for the production of
fuel oil in the United States, recently appointed by
Mark L. Rpo.ua. states it is his opinion the govern
ment will assist the industry in accomplishing ends
that cannot be attained by the industry alone. He
wants to encourage and stimulate work in all
branches so t'lat the greatest possible benefit may
result. He goes on to say: "It is of paramount im
portance that there should he no interruption in the
production of oil. This wild ratter should he en
couraged to continue his activity in the knowledge
that his reward will not be circumscribed." Mr.
O'Donneli is to visit Casper in tiie near future, and
the interest he is taking is going to lend strong sup
port to the industry.
AN INTKRKSTING ARTICLK AlU'EARKD IN
TIIK CAol'KR DAILY PUKSS recently to the effect
that production wilt be very greatly increased un
der the iiucntive pleas of the national administra
tion to increase the oil production to t-'ie highest
point. Local refineries are making all preparations
for a bh; business during the summer. The Mid
west and Standard have made vast improvements
and are adding to their already immenso plants. :ml
c::i ress great confidence in the development, during
the early summer, of ner fields throughout the
state.
MATERIAL FOR THK RIVERTON-WYOMING
REFINING COMPANY'S PLANT is rapidly being
rushed to the field, and the work of construction wiil
be under way very shortly. The company is also
laying a pipeline from the Pilot I utte Field to the
refinery.
WYOMING PEKRLESS recently purchased a car
load of casing and 3,5o0 feet addition cable to be
used in its well on Section 4-33-77 in the Big Muddy
Field, and work is to be pushed as rapidly as possi
ble. THE PRODUCERS AND REFINERS CORPORA
TION on Well No. 12 on the Hudson Field near
Lander, is reported to a depth of 700 feet. Well
Nc. 13 in the same field spudded in.
LANDER FIELD lies immediately adjoining Rich
ards Field (Wyoming) where the American Oil Ex
ploration Company is selling oil leases. Pilot Butte
and Maverick Springs Fields adjoin Pishop'Down
on the west and north where the American Oil Ex
ploration Company ons three (omplcte sections of
llrjo acres.
Financial report cf the Landers Oil Company put
out just recently, shows the company to be in splen
did condition, and that durina the year. 1S17. it pro
duced 9.747 barrels of oil. with six wells just com
pleted in the Lander district; also that the current
assets are $lls.72. Tie Company has very valu
able holdings and is well supplied with tools, drill
ing rics and other equipment for the development
of the field. It is the company's Intention to drill
one or two wells a month d'.iring the year, as drill
In ir in the I-amler district is of a shallow nature and
very little expense is incurred in the putting down
of a well.
LANDER AND SURROUNDING TERRITORY
ARE MAKING IMPROVEMENTS in roads, prepara
tory for the handling of ttie large quantities of mate
rials to be hauled on duriui the spring and summer.
It is reported that no fewer than fifty different
places will he drilled in that distrirt. Roads are
being built to tiie Pilot Butte and Maverick Springs
fields w'lirh are at present the scenes of great ac
tivity. The road, besides, bettering h.iuling condi
tions, will shorten the distance by right miles he
t'A'con the active po'ttts. and w ill h nd mu h more ia
ttrest to the development work there.
This t no, intended sin:ply pencil? a pr:.olton, n iha g?nctsl otr.ss of ihe
-vcrd, tut to rut before you a plain business preposition vvhirh we fcclirve will brin?
you prir-cely profJLs on an investment... We want you to investigate tiie men and
rrutFocta cf the American Exploration Corrpany.
Thcso oil land leases arc now being offered by llio Company, or its direct represen
tatives, and the proceeds, less expenses, will be used for developing the Company's
picperiy in the particular section where wo trc selling leases, Richards Field, VVyo.
You've certainly got your ear to the grcund alert to the Preseni Poss-bilitics for
the Big Profits to YOU and we believe you will get busy and do sorrie BIG Think
hi?, and ACT NOW, today EUY AMEKXAN OIL EXPLORATION COMPANY
OIL LEASES while they can be bought at ihe present price of $100 per acre.
UNDERWRITING AND FISCAL AGENTS
National Bond and Securities Company
1536 Wekon S:jv.-:t, Guardian Trust BviKiirjj
Denver, Cclo-at'o
Blsfcee Brdrxh, No. 7 Main Street. Opposite Copper Queen Library. Tel?phore 49 THE B1SBEE DAILY REVIEW. SUNDAY MORNING, APRIL 14, 1918.
EIGHT
City Briefs
t1
ii
T7 .nvnna visited you? Or j
,
have yon entertained? If so. call ;
the Review after 6 p. m. and tell j
the Society Editor. Phone 39. j
'
Twice Daily-2 o'Clock and 8 o'Clock
Three Days Commencing Today
C. . A. DANCE.
The dance at Warren Park Saturday
night was postponed on account of in
clement weather.
I
If
ILJTTT" A
LI r- MsBBMMaaKa m i
FROM TUCSON.
L. D. Mark, is a recent arrival In
the city from Tucson and will remain
lor a few days on. a business trip.
HAVE RETURNED.
John J. Jones and family have re
turned from a six months absence
from the district and have again taken
up their residence in the Johnson Addition.
FROM CANANEA.
L. F. Durley and wife of Cananea
are In the city for a few days on a
visit to friends. Mr. Durley Is In the
employ of the Cananea Copper company.
WILL BE HOSTESS.
Mn. Vance Johnson will be hostess
of the St. Johns Guild of the Episcopal
church. Wednesday afternoon, April j
lvtn, at me t. w. u. a. ju are m
vited.
DAUGHTER MARRIED.
Mr and Mrs. B. C. Linton receive a
message announcing the-marriage of
daughter Catherine to J. R. Moore of
Richmond. Va.
OFFICIAL BUSINESS.
Agent MrFarland of the Department
of- Justice, was in Tombstone yester
day on business connected with his
official position. He returned latt
last evening.
WAS IN TOMBSTONE.
United States Deputy Marshal
James McDonald "was In Tombstone
yesterday on business connected ith
his official position.
VISITING RELATIVE8.
Mrs. H. H. Reefe and young son,
left for Los Angeles on last night's
train, where they will spend some
time visiting relatives.
THROUGH TO TOMBSTONE.
Assistant County Attorney Bruce
Stephenson, was In the city yesterday
on his way to Tombstone from Dou
glas. He was called there on business
connected with that office.
ON COURT BUSINESS. j
Quite a number of the local attorn-1
eys were in Tombstone yesterday on :
business before the Superior court, j
Some had divorce cases, while others j
bad matters of a probate nature.
TO TOMBSTONE. j
Tommy towau jt?it jresiei nay unci-
noon on the Rockhill stage for Tomb
stone where he will remain for a few
days on a visit to relatives. He has
extensive mining interests at Gleeson.
FROM PHOENIX.
C F. Dutton, the postoffice Inspect
or is in the city tor a few days on busi
ness mnnerted with his position. He
reports that the Salt River Valley is!
quita prosperous at the present uine.
PURCHASED CARS.
The Bisbee Auto company reports
the following sales of cars during the
past week: Hudson super six to Tony
Kline; Studebaker six to C. F. Applin;
four to A. L. Garldand and a six to
the 10th cavalry at Naco.
SUNDAY AT THE "Y"
The Y. M. C. A. Sunday program
follows: Song service, 4:30 p. m. Ad
dress. 6 p. m. by Rev. A. J. Irwin. Sub
ject, "Two Years at the Penitentiary." !
Fellowship Bible club, 5:30 p. m.. Jas.
A, Henderson, leader.
WAS FINED TEN.
U Phillips was fined $10 yesterday
by Police Judge Thomas for exceeding
the speed limit of six miles an hour
in coming around the corner of the
Copper Queen Dispensary and the Al
len Block. He paid the fine.
Business Locals
Expert paper hanger and paln'er. C.
J. Brandt. Phone 456. Box 150. 580
A fTENTION EAGLES.
Regular meeting Monday, April 15.
Smoker and initiation. Business of
All Eagles are urged to
impci lance,
attend.
J. F. WILMOTH. W. P.
Adv. 771
UNDER NEW MANAGEMENT
The Ozark hoarding and rooming
bouse, 71 Brewery Gulch. Adv. 161
ROCKHILL'S STAGE
BUbee-Tombitone, Leave Bisbee
Bisbee Auto Co., 7 a. m 1:30 p. m. 7
Phone Bisbee 5. Adv.
MATERNITY HOME.
Call Black 573 for terms, etc.
Advert ieenjer.t-974
THE JIP BLOCK CO. OF DOUGLAS
will r-ay $5.00 to the man who took
the work bench from the rear of Cun
ningham house, if he will return the
Jlp Block sign to A. Parker, Warren
Adv. 776
L. L. Gil man sells the New Edison,
"the phonograph with a soul."
Cuarantee Paint Co., Phone 750.
Adv. 609
he
t American
ii id. s p
D.W
. Griffith's 8th Wonder of the
LAST
And Worth All These Years of Waitin:
10,000
PEOPLE
COST
1500,000
pKK ' ' 3,000 '
fcfifM i HORSES
8 MONTHS
iliSilft TA M A 17
' 5S000
Arousing
Scenes
18.0C0 LIVING CHARAC
TERS 3000 PLUNGING HORS1S
CCST $5C0,GGO.0()
I'
I
Cities Built Up and Then De
stroyed By Fire
The BIGGEST Battles of the
Civil War Re-enacted
Direction of ELLIOTT & SHERMAN
J. W. GRIFFITH'S GIGANTIC SPECTACLE, BASED UPON THOMAS DIXON'S BOOK AND PLAY
K m IT TT Tn3 T .
vassal I i t a
JUL .LLa lw3
Decisive Battles of the Civil War! Shermans Maich to the Sea! The Burning of Atlanta
and the Flight! Grant and Lee at Appomattox! The Tragedy of the Death of Abraham
Lincoln! Petersburg at the Crest of a Mighty favansion! How Bravely the Mothers and
Sisters Did Their Part! History in Making!
Liberty and Union, One and Inseparable, Now and Forever
Reserved Seats for Night Show On Sale At Central and Eagle Theatre Box Offices
MATINEE, CHILDREN 25c; ADULTS 25c; NIGHT, CHILDREN 50c; ADULTS $1.00
PLUS WAR TAX
Ford's Theatre , Washington,
Reproduced to the Smallest
Detail
MILES OF TRENCHES
THOUSANDS OF FIGHT
ERS. WAR AS IT AC
TUALLY IS
i
SHERMAN'S TRIUMPH
ANT MARCH TO THE SEA
LEE'S LAST HEROIC f
STAND AT PETERS3UP.G
THE ASSASSINATION OF
PRESIDENT LINCOLN
Wonderful Artillery Duels in
Which Real Shells Costing
$30.00 Apiece Were Used.
STARTLING DEATH DE
FYING RIDES OF THE KU-KLUX-KLAN
Special Music
Score By
Augmented
Orchestra
GRAND OPENING OF HIGHLAND
PARK
Sunday. April 14. with dancing at 7
n. m. For sarticulars Bee Luthe liris-
ooe at the Park. Refreshments served.
Ad7. C96
DANCE.
. C. L A. Band Dance. Warren Park,
Saturday, April 13. 1918. Admission
50 cents. Ladies Tree. Adv. 740
MADAM CAGNEY
Lifts the dark vci' of the pait, reads
the destiny of the f -ture. Across from
theatre. Lowell. Adv. 653
I
Dr. Playfalr, Osteopath. 9S Mason
H11L Mason car atop. Phone Blue 647. '
Adv. 231 '
STRAWBERRY SHORT1 CAKE
with blp cream. English Kitchen.
Adv. 711
DANCE.
C Se A. Band Dance. Warren Park,
Wednesday and Saturday. Admmis
HOW TO OBTAIN MEXICAN PASS
PORT THROUGH NACO. SONORA i
Acy person wishing to go Into Mex-i
lm mnt make anolicatlon 20 days be-!
fore they get the passport, at the Mex-1
lean consulate at Naco, Arizona. G. j
Meade Fierro, Mexican consul. j
Adv. 804 !
For noon day mnca. go m .he
English Kitchen and try one nl their
35e combinations; choice of three
combinations. Adv. 317
(TOO LATE TO CLASSIFY.)
FOR KENT Four room partly furn
ished cement house next to tire
house Tombstone Canyon. Call at
TODAY
agie
CONTINUOUS, 1 TO 11
1
THE WHARTONS PRESENT
DORIS KEN YON
IN THE GREAT ALASKAN PLAY
"THE
GR
WHITE
EAT
TRAIL"
AN EPIC OF THE ARTIC
A story of the Klondike in the days when men rushed north
ward in their eager search for gold, when the world was rough
and when the primal instincts prevailed in tne lana or tnc ever
lasting sun.
MUSIC BY ORCHESTRA
ADMISSION MATINEE 15c: NIGHT 15c AND 25c
I
nouie ireiwffu p iu iv n. in. ui ,
4 o. m. 811
ion tO cents. Ladies free Adv. 740 t
J MINING f
5 SECTION ?
J SOCIETY
5 SECTION
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
VOL 20. No. 265.
THE BISIJEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, APRIL 14, 1918.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
MINES, MINING, LOCAL STOCKS. AND COPPER
o1 w h a-
i
PORTLAND JEROMEiFEATKER
SCANDAL EXPOSES;FINANCED
FRAME'S WILDCATLOCAL
Former General Manager j The Feather, River Gold Mines com-
i pany, with offices in this city and hy
'Slips One Over' Directors draulie gold placers in Plumas county
and Friends, Selling Most . ('alifrfni ".as been -
fc anced following a six weeks' campaign
of His Pooled Stock ' in this district, without advertising
and with very little 'noise' or osten-
' ' tation. Announcement of the closing
Another bombshell burst in the now of the books and of plans for imme
fanicus Jerome Portland Copper Mir- diate work OI1 tIlp propertv was made
ing a.pany case today when Re. c,v.?r ' Cowling secre-
Fnn; U. Over declared void ee.itifi-lJSt evening, w. c. i.ownng. seere
cates tor 4:5.'j-0 shares of stoci either j tary -treasurer of the property, has left
sold or held by A. B. Frame, former for California, where he will visit the
president ami genen.l lr.anacv.
It has developed that Frai.'e pco'ed
only 66.000 of the SK.i.tiO shares issued
to him as his share of the promotion
slocl- and for eleven outlying claims
vhich he exchanged to the concern for
Fto'-k after he gained control. The
46H.'.'Co shares were restored to the
oomivny by order of Judge Frank H.
Lyman, sitting in the Superior Court ;
of Yavapai county, but in the mean-1
time Frame had sold the major part cf
V. I.. 1 I. iiii.ro DiiiiiifiutMl tn lia twinloH in
'.i,K ,hl .,rjr, f tho iH.'ested in the financing of the property
..,.!,,i,.r, f,.,mwim an,l the
agreement of the original organizers, j
Frame's Local History
A. 15. Frame came to Jerome fro:.. !
Porili.n.1. Ore., tarly in 1M6. His col- j
lur uio ,Hifv hi shnps were run over -
.
.. . .1 v.i .i v, pi.npr. 1
allv as a man "on his uppers." He this distritft and attempted o !."h
htayoJ at the Sullivan hotel and gained ance the placers. At that time some
the coi fidence of John M. Sullivan, the machinery, including hydraulic pipe
propiietor and equipment, and a ditch had been
Frame had been attracted bv the ' constructed on the property and a
Jeroi ic boom that followed the U. V. small amount of gold was being pro
Kxtension strike and w as looking for ; duced. The promoters failed in plac
an opening. With Sullivan, George ; ing suffk-ient of their stock on the
ltrrokshire. J. M. Mahoncv and W. P. , market to finance the proposition and
Burke, he organized the Jerome Port- the entire placer passed to the hand?
land Coper Mining company, with I of the local promoters.
1.5O0.I 00 shares par value fifty cents j Six weeks ago Mr. Walker and Mr.
The company was to develop a group ! Gowling began a campaign to secjre
of peren -claims southeast of the Cop-; capital with which to develop their
per Chief and south of what, is now j property. They did not advertise and
the Green Monster, owned by Sullivan, they went about their work quietly.
Uroolishire, Mahoney and Burke. with the result that? the Books had
Frame was made general manager i been closed last night with sufficient
and he put a force of slock salesmen ' capital on hand for the entire develop
to work. His salesmen met with much ! nient and equipment of the property,
succest-. particularly in Bisbee and vi-, Preliminary work on the placers
ciniiy It is supposed that altogether j will have to be completed before the
about J20.H0 worth of stock was sold actual production can begin, declare
mostly at 35 and fifty cents. i the officers. This work will corn-
It is alleged that Frame took in di- j mence. before the end of the present
rectors into his confidence just as lit- J month. Among the first matters that
tie us possible. He gradually drew ; will receive the attention of the new
away from the local directors and i promoters will be a large concrete
sttxkholders and formed a little cote- j dam and the eulargement of the ditch
rie cf his own, mainly of Bisbee ieo-, now on the ground. Later additional
pie. At the general election held in ' hydraulic equipment will he added.
Dei-ember. 1916. he elected hi8Ownj plans of the operators are to have
directors, leaving out the men who J the property working and producing
had oiiginally owned the property and actively before the end of the summer,
assisted him to organize the company. it is anticipated that about two or
Frame was able to gain control be-1 three months will be required for the
oausu he. had traded the company elev-J preliminary work which must be done
en out-ying claims, located by himself and production will follow- soon the
and represented by him to be of great j completion of this work. Stockhold
valuc. for a big block of stock. Sub-; ers in the proposition'are confident It
sequent ly. when stockholders complain will prove one of the biggest gold min
ed that the property was not worth ' ing operations' in California, and that
the price, he restored 25.000 shares to ! the end of the first year will see divi
the treasury. Frame's promotion stock I j ends.
and what he received for the claims,'
less the 25.000 that he relinquished.)
totaled 46w.?60 shares. j
Suit Filed '
In the early part of 1317 Sullivan j
Brookshlre, Mahoney, Burke, George i
Moore, Jake Webber, W. H. Sprangle j
and Ralph Greenlaw- brought suit to .
oust Frame. They contended that the i
exchange of claims for stock was made :
throuph fraudulent representa ons ,
and tuat all through Frames deahngs
n connec ion with the Jerome Port-;
iana umacKea oi nign unance. in jan-
tiary Judge Lyman handed down a de
cision ravoring the plaintiffs and ap
roiiiting Dyer as receiver. Frame's
469 !60 shares, all the time supposed
to b Ir. pool at the Bank of Arizona in
Jerome, were ordered restored to the
treasury. It was directed that the
eleven claims be turned back to Frame
Operations Suspended
Oi. the last day of the year Frame
had sut-pended operations at the Je-'
rome Portland property, where he had i
lieen tn cnarge irom the nrst as gen-j the water which forced a suspension
era! manager. This action came as a j of operations over two months ago. YIXCA The McCracken Silvc
great surprise for on the witness stand As a matter of fact the shaft has not mines company has been driving a tun
only e few days before, he had stated , yet been affected by the tunnel. Thejnel in one of the smaller veins with a
that the company had something like . water has risen five feet in the last view to opening the big vein about "00
$60,000 in its development fund. Frame1 fifteen days, doubtless due to the hea-jfeet from the portal and are now in
cWu.i,...cui, nuitipcu
the safe bv enres tn PnrtinnH nH
--- r- -. , iiiii.
...k naD vuiiu lu me
rompany had no money in bank. On J
ine c.i.trary it hart current bills
aniojnting to nearly $15,000. The larg J
est or these, slightly in excess of $8,000 '
was held by the T. F. Miller company .
... .... - ' i-iwiiijuij mmuicu (
if lAVrttTlA 'hih nmvinlr A t . K rv.l I
x"r r''ij- j
, m oaic wan i tti.u ri xii ii y iiio re-j ' " " ' " "'
reiver before it passed out of the ( had "slipped "one over" on his asso
nants of the express company, but ciatea and retained the bulk of his
nothing of any importance was found
therein What Frame wanted with It
is only one of the many puzzles con
nected with hiB conduct.
Stock Missing
When Dyer called for the stock in
pool at the Bank of Arizona, he found
the certificate representing the shares ;
issuca 10 an tne original organizers
except Frame .Only G6.000 shares of
Frame's stock were there and appar
ently no more bad ever been there. He
RIVER IS!
THROUGH!
i
PROMOTION
company's plant and determine defi
nitely on the first work to be under
taken.
Meat of the stok in the company is
owned in this district. The officers
lire Joe Walker, president: L. M.
Stilfs. of El Paso, vice president, and
V. E. Gowling, secretary-treasurer.
T'le first and last named are residents
and pioneer mining men of this dis
trict. They have been actively Inter
: and are confident of its future. They
will have cnarge of development and
future work
The Feather River company was
first introduced to local capitalists
'j ii 11 nim.r. -in.ie i nen i..i.....er
anu miners
last June when anothe
association of promoters come into
INSIDE BUYING SENDS
DUNDEE PRICE HIGHER
JEROME, April 13. Inside buying
i fe nnH mi tit 1 v roctinnuihlo fnr t Vio r-
advance in tne price of ,)undpe.
ha8
property to justify any
L,ha. ,,:.
It is , well understood locally that
Fred S. Stephen, president of the
Dundee, has been quietly accumulat
ing the stock of his own company,
probably with the intention of isaining
control
As a result Dundee advanced sharp
ly in the last ten days.
It has been suggested locally since
so much water was struct in two faces
of the V. V. Extension haulage tunnel l
the Dundee shaft might be drained ofi
vy .tiarcu rains, i lie luuun is w io .
.k .iHo or th rii.n.
ii(.ui iiiuuh i . i - 11 w u 1 1, - - - i
aee claims a. a urpiu o. ii..uA.uinnr-
ly 800 feet, but at present the nearest
face is several hundred yards away
from a point opposite the shaft. It is
probable that in the course of the sum-
nier the tunnel will drain the Dundee i
J I nninll. tihfnn
njuuim ttL iwai imiiY mil nwi nm. j
oi inai kuiq nas uappciieu vri.
stock while theirs was securely locked I
away In a bank vault.
A mHn nt etrw-lt tinlHerft I
- "r I
was held Saturday in Jerome, with the i
resuit that the follow-ing officers and
directors were elected: President.
J. M. Mahoney, Jerome; vice president
George Brookshire. Jerome; treasurer.
P. J. heohane. Prescott; secretary. T. !
P Kbmond, Jerome; directors. Joseph .
It. Morgan. Prescott, and Mrs. Maggi-! '
Marks, Bisbee.
LIBERTY BOXD BUY BUS HELP HOLE LIBERTY HALL
T'ROM BUFFALO TO IS ROADWAY IX IHG LOAX DRIYR,
t B 'H i ? ,,,f" . :Va,-.-7 -J
"Keep
Starting on Saturday, April 0,
trt., ti distance of AT-i miles, and
T. lie seems to have acquired a twin for the time beinjr. w
to reach Droadwify on May -1th. the last day of the driv
BALD EAGLE WORKS
OF TOM REED MINE
OPEN RICK VEINS
OATMAN, Ariz.. April 13 Within
10 days the west drift on the 525 foot
level of the Bald Eagle Tom Reed
workings will be connected up with
the drift now being advanced east
from thp "3rav Kfflp winp ' Thrpe
shuts are at work m both dims and 1
less t!an 250 fc
two faces.
The Bald Fagle ore bodv has ex -
ceeded all expectations and "continues !
to defv precedent. Two or three ,
times the west drift has encountered;.""" J- i"e prop mi.- an.i
a changed formation which was taken '"specled the same remarkt !: "T,e
to indicate the limits of commercial T' accompislhed during the tinio
ore. but each time the ore was nicked development work has be-M in pr.-
up again, though of considerably low
,hnh r.t nriH.Uv I
er erade
A total length of 600 feet of com -
mercial ore is now proven in the two !
drifts from the original cross cut. And
the east drift from the C.rav Eagle
winze is in commercial ore for a dls. ;
tance of nearly 40 feet
which adds
that much to the lateral extent of the
Gray Eagle ore body, already openpd
up for a length of about 10 feet west
from the winze.
In the east Bald Eagle drift the
faulted area has been passed and
cross cuts are now being extended in
both directions to explore the ground
with a view to locating: the vein.
United Eastern production for
March may be slightly less than nor
mal on account of the loss of one day's
l 1 1 1 1 V. gnu III.. 1CU I L 1 1 (1 k . 11 1 11 Lll 1 1 ' I
:n i a i !,
mining is being conducted In the south I
portion of the ore bodv where the ore
is not quite so ri. h as the average.
Development cn the eighth level is
progressing favorably. While no state
ment of values has yet been Us.ied.
they are known to he satisfactory as
the ore broken in the drift is all go-
ine throueh the mill
Another small
has
trict
Top
iktruliiiiiir UMinnH
been opened in the Oafman dis- T ' -- j has been fulfilled.
. this being the Secret Pass Gold ' , , . " ,..., ' ' . ' , . IV J Bea ,"ar ,"rom Tran
oropertv. in the Secret Pass dis- ... ' " .'" f .' ""l Most of the known
a l ti. .... ,. ... n nn, i iii,,rt ji .1 o, .-1 . .....a Kttu II nn.l
"" " '"" V"""""' '.'".under many discouragements.
n biuuii mill wiiu a u.tii iniiii. ui
25 tons is now in successful operation '
at about one-half full time. It is in J
charge of J. P. Loftus formerly of j
, . , ,K-. I
oomm.Mu. ... i.r rpu. .......-;-
..... .? iiiiii; niiu ..... ...s - -'
ons da. v, at a total cost of $.'.nn per
ton. Fully two years supply has been.'
ully two years suppl
developed, all lying above the mill,
and sampli
ling $S per ton in cold
ciosb 10 me coniaci wnn me mg ore .
ij . ..,
uuu . v V 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 . i null, vii t ii ( n it. i ii , 1 1 1
eneu along mis vein ana wnen me lar
er vein is entered It is expected that a,
body of high grade lead-silver ore will
be encountered. The new milling
plai t has already been designed. It
will be equipped with dry concentrat
m a mr i ue w r:r w in ue i ui n i rifu it
ft. n U 1 . . V. t ft.
uii - nun:iiiK ciiiiicm.
PKOMONTORIO In the Cocharam-
ba .nine, owned by the Plata Kina coin
)any. about 2100 feet of work in four
bl? ore i-hutes have been accomplished
t AfAi. .. i-;.u u -. .
w . . , . ninmi rirftiu .t-di. It II II l.f-l Ifl
conditions now prevailing it Is hoppd
to pi'rh the work forward more rapidly
MAitR In the Arizona Bingham- ;
tOl! the Same condition nrevnils Ms ill I
the
just the same and is said to connnnu
unb. - oken from the tinner level to the
i deepest level, 600 feet. i
Ck. I ,-5 IslKVliif II
W?w& fit' -
the ball rolIinF-'
I'nrle Sam and
this liiir Liberty pus!
Liberty loan. buyers ale
MASCOT COPPER WILL
OPERATE OV,
N PLANTS
FOLLOWING REEASE
On April 1st the American Smelting
& Relining company turned over again
the operating of the Mascot pro.?rtiei
to the ownets, the Mascot Copper com
pany. T'iefe properties Iikp all others in a
cri
now separates thenew district, have had many unsoive!
UULli.lJllirK IU 1 UllifllU WJIfl. I OJITM'r
m,ner Ere niau- anu not lou.-.l l ho
Pe '- of a new copper can p is -n-t
a" tasv task- A Mascot shareholder
s all that should be Ctjll'ltei!
About 35.000 tons of ort have bWti
8n,PPtd to the smelters from tls
1ro'"'"' w nlt h snouIl ":"nvta(e
F " """"J reaso-i:n.. j per
'u"e. an. witn lur-
progress the property . II t;.,;e us
among me inniiai)i- : ru(iuceis
ui iuib couuiry. .-ireauy tno ore s lip
ped io the smeiters contitiii'ii values
of alHiut $500,000
Individuals experienced in -nir.in
operations have little idea of the vast
amount of money and time required to
uiant- a uuuf r iirouucer oi a Drotua-
ble grade.
Except for the confidence
in the property and persistent effo.-ls
of tt.e officers of this company the
p.,eiu conditions woum nav9 r-oon
entireiv different. Some of the l.i.-e
urns in mis siai? n;iv
..j . ... . . I
iqunfu a lar greater nine 10 iwn:IK m:irt innr
Jf'5 Iu"nKr!aB? that U A,ll!''"-e Mian doubled her sl.ipme
j ' 7 .
L.1T?01,ln,,,n iM"ml
J'1 ' emppe rty, l kfhes,r P'"'PIe j
" amI. ,hat t.he,"n; bo,''7 I
xL- li i l-n . ',ijr' .1H -v ',,,ll'ned. I
JZ i rt n ,
?",Cnt'!. "le e,,rl an'1 sma" e'"
i . . , , .' ' i
y J their fiadual growth into large ones
.T " " ,,lw "PP',r ci""Ps """I
iiifing 1
th
,,':,:" "7 ,i, , " '""
' ' "1 f"! TT,,... '. ? " .1 !
(,.l0 .,,, ' L ' '" '"
over
v.-r.-.i, ....... i in ir m .ill tllll l-illi.l
jn ouf 0in,on why sm)ul(, n)(t
repeat itself at Dos Cabezas.
(.()t.nise fc
. , ,.,,. ;f .,!,,
lerful inin-
eral let'oiirces.
It might well be called
Cooper County " but Its wealth llelhan ie imported ore.' w hich general
deepiy concealed and requires capital
and effort to unearth it. Our mining
industry is still in its infancy. Pion
eers in the field of original thought
have been able to discern the great
possibilities, and with the trup plow
eer!:
courage and determination
navr. . rfnoiiv micncil our lrfi.iKP
granuanv ojiened our store .'.ouses
, i . i.
Thc mining industry has come to '
remain permanently and has produced .
more wealth in our state than any oth
er. The mining resources at Dos Ca-'
bezas. are yet undeveloped. The future
holds out splendid possibilities nmr
"
projj for that district The Hit 111
DiuV he saitl of
other districts of the
coimty. :
Arizona, "the land which God for-1
go!. has been reserved to the last, re- I
n'liiing for its development the great-
es-t intelligence ami elfort. but possess
II. ;7 . HIT lulls. IllrVCIOUS TPSOUI CCS OI.
any s':ile in the union. This develop- !
ntenl is now in progress, slowly but
suiely it will emerge as the wonder.
Ian of America.
.
I
has ordered plans for a new and mod I
ern schonl linildinc for the housing ..r
ti'K) children at Ajo. '
I
f
twin.
ball is beinjr rolled from Buffalo, N. Y., to New Yorfc
the v.'cy v:!l do most all of the rollinjr. Uncle Sam,
1 direct tre rolling- of the ball ar.d he or they expect
SHORT OF CHROMITE,
U.S. GIVES DETAILS
. OF ORE PRODUCTION
The I'nited Stares Geological Sur
vey issues the following
The mineral chromite is the source
of the metal schroniium. which, as an
alloy in. chronlum steel and in several
chenucul compounds, occupies an im
portant place on cur battle front on
both land and sea. The compounds
furnish the strong and durable yet
subdued and protective colors that
are used to dve the soldiers' khaki
clotJies and tan the upper leather of
his shoes. Chromite readily forms al
loys with iron and gives hardness to
the steel that is used for armour plate
on our war vessels and for the ar
1 mour-pier ing projectiles which they
hurl at the enemy. It is one ofThe
essential elements in steilite. which
is now so largely employed in making
high-speed tools for cutting steel in
the manufacture of munitions.
Output Fails to Meet Demand
I'nfortunateiy for the I'nited States
the present domestic output of chro
mite is scarcely one-fourth of the quan
tity needed for war and domestic pur-
i poses, so that the oilier three-fourths
I must be imported
Hitherto most of
our imnnrtpfl chrnmite haa rnmp from
j pjicdesia and New Caledonia, and.
notwithstanding tin
! much of it still cor
le scarcity of ships.
conips from thnqp Hta-
; tant lands. In response to our call
j for t hromiie Canada has rendered us
: ,,, ..rfi, int lwln In 1l1i; s!. pnl
tons and in 1917 she
ments of
chroinile to the limed States;
The ,Io.n..stic production of schom
ite in 1H16 was about 47,wh lonir Ions
and last spring the prediction was
made by 'government geologists that
In H17 it would reach 4S.O00 long tons
According to J. S. Diller. of th I nitHd
males i.foionicai riirev, uie laiesi
rrnmis indicate that this prophecy
Stales Geological Survey, the laTest
sportation Lines
bodies of rhrn-
hose that lie far
fr0in lines of transportation are not
avalla!,Ie for exploitation by the ordi-
'i"-r f ,h difficulty
and expense of get.mg the ore to the
inarKet.
Much of the chromite on the Pacific
coast is of low grade, averaging
about 40 per cent of chromite oxide,
and on that account is of less value
ly contains :o per
cent or more of
chromite oxide.
Nicaragua is shipping a small qu.in
t it y of ore to this country. At An
tioipiia. Colombia, chromite is report
ed to be so abundant that it has been
used to build Uie walls of houses. Bra
zil lias valuable deposits several hun
dred milt's northwest of Itahi.i and
may yel become a contributor to our
needed supply.
Needed in Eastern Factories
Most of the chromite we use is
needed in factories in the eastern
I'nited Slates, and on account of the
difficulty and expense of long trans-
porta! ion from the western deposits'
one of our most urgent present needs!
is to increase the production of chro-
mite in the Atlantic states. The .Tiro
inite industry of America really began
..... ..... .
in Uie rHSIt'lll SlrtlCS. .11' llllllCS OI
Marv i.md and Tennsylvania once sup
pliod the world's chromite.
A recent examination by the Geolo-
'gi.al Survey of the old chrome mines!
ill I :itl. Jvler :.nH Chester rnnnlin, '
ressfully concentrating some of thel
hmlies of snniie chrome nre in ti,..t'
regien. i
April Copper Output
Por Arizona to Make
Much Better Showing
Miners and Others Engaged in Production Realize Great
Needs of Government in Every Division and Supply
Greater Efforts; Clifton-Morenci Back to Normal;
Globe-Miami Totals 17,000,000 Pounds.
Arizona output of copper will make materially better showinz. it is now
indicated, in April than was made in Mar.h. The Clifton-Morenci producers
wiil be practically back to normal with their output for the first time since
the strike in June last, and so also will the Globe-Miami district. The War
ren district vi ill continue its strong gait, as will also Jerome. Kay. Ajo. Hum
boldt and Sasco. The Clifton-Morenci producers will probably have close to
7.00O.O0O pounds of copper to show for April, while Giobe-Miami will have
a total of around 17.ooo.ooo pounds.
MINERS TO THE FORE
Optimistic comment as to probable gain in the state's copper production
as a whole is based upon several factors conveying improved tone as to ilie
general situation. First among these is Increased realization upon the part
of mine, mill and smelter workers that the responsibility put upon them by
the war need of the government in every division of production is hourly
demanding greater things of their loyalty, of their intelligence and of t ieir
brawn. The fighting on the west front the lat three weeks has accom
plished more in bringing this out clearly in Arizona mining districts than
.-11 things before, and there has been notable response. It is evidenced tn
increased output, in sharp decline in talk of strikes or the possibility of
their occurrence and in the waiving aside of other minor causes of dis- .
efrection and of detraction of attention from the main job. Atop of all thi.
and of high significance is splendid response reported by every district to
the call for subsc riptions to the Liberty Loan. In every metal district in the
state the responses to this call have thus far much exceeded expectation.
alihoui.li the latter was placed high.
REACHES EMPLOYERS TOO
The increased aggressiveness of loyal men doubtless finds some reflec
tion in the attitude taken by representatives of the various mining district
cf the state who gathered in Tucson this week and declared f mphatically
there that they did not propose to longer stand around silent under tiie
calumnies of German propagandists who leveled false charges at the mine
operators. A resolution demanding
tigation of report advanced by a section of the Slate Council of Defense tha'
I. W. W. were knowingly being imported and placed at work by mine oper
ators, sounded the announcement . of
t;me similar reports were in circulation from sources which subsequently
directed the strikes cf 1917 and whkh
rop of trouble inciting rumors, rn
operators that any headway could be
ut the experience of the middle of
the absence of denial and in the face
hoods, beliet did occur on the part of
will not be repeated, and protection
of falsehoods as they appear, particularly so when the efforts of the propa
gandists become so brazenly bold as to attempt the use of a state loyalty
organization for their furtherance. ,
in signifying readiness to the executive- board of the State Coumil of De-
fense to meet with its members at any
lurtlreraii: e of profitable discussion.
meeting passed strong resolutions of support of and confidence in President
Wood row Wilson and the federal administration, and declaring against the
toleration of saliotage and other enemy propaganda in any form to the dis
advantage of the government and its
FINDING NEW ORE
The resourcefulness of the miner, the fact that he has always be. n
obliged to evolve new ways and means at every step in the successful con
duct of the intricate industry in which he is engaged, provides another im
portant factor in the better conditions now confronted. Faced with the
necessity of abandoning low grade ores
or evolving new methods of treatment,
the laboratory, and is bringin? forth increasing results. Out in the hills the
small operators abandoned su:h of their properties as would no longer pro
duce at profit and after brief respite for breath set about finding richer
ores, not necessarily big mines but showings of anv kind from which thev
could make at least temporary production of the ore needed by the smelters
to supply the government. The loyalty and determination of these small
miners have won in remarkable degree. From a shortage of ore in lanuary
and February the smelters have been brought back to sufficient supplies,
mainly by the increased activities of the smi'll producers in searching for
new ore. The margin of profit for these small operators under the presMit
price of copper Is with a few exceptions very small. A good many of them
are sustaining actual loss on their output, but in these instances figure that
the development they are conducting will in time earn them a profit upon
their activities. There is notable presence of this spirit anj of attendant
good results, particularly as looking to the development of new country and
new resources for the future, in the San Xavler and other of the smaller
districts, which In the south are running the Sasco smelter to production of
around two million pounds of copper the month, and in the north shoving
the liumlioldt smelter above that fieure.
HIGHER METAL: HIGHER WAGES
Comlrtion among operators, numbering hundreds, and operatives number-
inn many thousands, in the state, that
the stimulation by granting an increase
another strong assistance to the present
""""" "- "" i" ' lose iigunng a lair protu in tne mining or
immediate public and thorough Inves
their new attitude. Last vear at this
Jiave been identified with this year's
1!17 it v as not felt by loyal cu n and
made with .such patently false rep.;rt-
the year demonstrated otherwise. In
of prslstent circulation of the false-
many. This vear. evidentlv. the error
be given the public through the nailing
The Tucson gathering went still further
time and give every endeavor to tin-
Binding its other pronouncements, the
allies.
tin the conduct of large vein mine-
he h-is turned in these instances to
the War Industries Board will assist
to the price of tha metal in June Is
situation It is granted that for a. TWO
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, APRIL 14, 1918.
APRIL COPPER OUTPUT FOR ARIZONA
VERDE EXTENSION
WILL HAKE MUCH BETTER SHOWKCONTRIBUTES ORE
TO CON. SMELTER
co 1 1 per at 234 cents, bat this profit
will not carry an increase in waxes.
That an increase in wages is neces
sary from the standpoint of men with
families and also in order to enable
the mines and their plants to compete
for. competent labor with employers
engaged on government contract work
are conceded points. They are of no
less vital interest to the mine and
plant operators than to their thou
sands of workers, and in turn to the
downs of business communities and
in fact to the entire industrial and
business life of the state, all depend
ent upon the prosperity of the mines.
In spite of the best efforts that may
be put forth, decline in metal output
is certain unless the price is increased
and advance in wages thus allowed
f ailure to enable advance In wages
- will, also, restore to the German prop
agandists some of the fuel of which
they have been deprived and give
'. them a chance for insidious edging in
that it will be bard to combat. It is
' not believed that these and numerous
other points calling for the more
- even balance of the scales that higher
; priced metal would bring about will
.be overlooked or fail of receiving fav
orable consideration in June. Should
; an advance be made to 26 or 27 cents,
' Arizona production in the last half ot
the year would be in fair way to go
. to the rate of a billion pounds of cop
per annually, and because of the re
sumption of properties that have
closed down and of the continuance
of operation of newer and higher
grade properties that have since been
brought in, would engage more active
. producers than ever before identified
with Arizona mining.
Shattuck Production Higher
Copper production or Shattuck-Ari-zona
of 1.013.593 pounds for the
' month of March points strongly to the
. act that output is now back to p re
strike conditions. ' Not only is this
output the highest for the current
year, but also surpasses any previous
month since last May when the com
pany reported 1.385,t69 pounds.
Considering the fart that most of
the mining companies are greatly
handicapped by the labor shortage,
and as Shattuck is no exception, this
large production is most gratifying.
For the first quarter this year copper
production totals 2.717.S35 pounds, as
rcmpared with 4,374,542 pounds in
'.' the corresponding period of 1917. This
.however, is hardly a fair comparison
as conditions a year ago were entirely
different. In the first five months ol
- last year copper production ran close
to the 1.500.000 mark, receding to ap
proximately 205,000 in July when
. most of tne company's miners went
out on a strike. Since that month,
however, there has been a steady im
provement. Lead Output Low
' Although silver also made a substan
, tin J pain over that of February, lead
- output, while slightly higher than Fei
ruar, is still under the monthly aver
age. The silver produced in March
. amounting to 11,429 compares with the
prereuing month of only 6,599 ounces,
. and is the highest which the company
has reorted since last November.
If present plans do not go amis.-'., it
is exneited that the new milling plEiit
will be in operation hy the first of
next month. This will give tin com
pany a plant capable of tresMui; -00
ions a day. In addition, Shattuck- ri-1
zona has secured a favorable license
fron the Mineral Segparatici Compa
ny f3r the use of its flotat :n paten!
- right. 'With additional facf!i;i.M lor
treat ng ore, it is only, natural to ex
pect that mineral production oi.fcht to
show a substantial increase in the rear
future. Moreover, higher production!
will greatly reduce mining cost wbiih
last :xar amounted to 13.24 cent cr
poui.u, as compared with S.i" I cents in
1916.
Tucson Activities
The San" Xavier mining district
south of Tucson, is attracting more
attention from mining engineers at
the immediate time than any other
district in the state. Among notable
visitors to different properties in the
district during the present week were
engineers representing four of the
largest copper producing interests on
. the continent.
The San Xavier district is not new
to the interest of mining engineers.
They have been visiting it and keep
ing their eyes In its direction for
- years, always with the idea that the
' persistent development which has
been going on out Uiere at one pfflnt
. and another might prove up some
5 thing they were unable to see from
the surface and establish the founda
tion ffr another big copper camp.
Promising Properties
Development on the Bush proper
ties in this district has recently re
newed the active attention o fengi
neers. Admittedly, . (',. Bush has
opened a small mine that is attrac
tively profitable at this time and. may
open into considerably better things.
In the same area t lie Reiniger-Free-nMn
property is receiving vigorous
development and has rJiowings inter
esting to engineers at this time, car
rying general bearina upon the dis
Iriet. The old (ieneral Morcan prop
erty hs also lately claimed new at
tentlon and is reported to be about
to pas under bond to a large copper
Interest.
Area of Lenses
Engineers have In the main held up
to this time that the Pan Xaxier dis
frirt if one of lenses, the latter likely
to' he rich while they last but pos
sensed of no great extent. Admitted
ly there is the possibility of enough
f f ttiete lenses being found on some
of these da)s to make up a producing
aqi m JR'H -niinXH(it jo anoz
engineer- hive iM-en keeping their
eyes open for. Just at this time there
is the intimation that morn ground
exists for expectation of materializa
tion from Hie possibility than has lie
fore prevailed.
It is admitted by engineers thai a
no prcvlou lime has there been lite
urgent demand for the findini of new
(opper country of important e tliat
no exists. Comb. hed with the com
Tin ri la I tide of the iiuestioii is uo
the stronger incentive of the patriotic
impulse which is uppermost with all
engineers and large interests to in
crease the resources in metals of
which the nation and its Allies stand
in need and the supply of which is
diminishing with each day of opera
tion in the producing, proven areas
of going concerns.
Jerome Developments
Recent interesting new develop
ments in the Verde district include
the coming in of a rush of water in
the new delivery tunnel being driven
for United Verde. The tunnel was
not started with expectation of en
countering ore, but this water devel
opment is one that carries signifi
cance in the Verde district and may
readily enough mean that the tunnel
is coming upon an ore body. Such
development on the lower end of the
present proven ore area of the camp
as a body in the tunnel country would
represent would be highly important
to a considerable area now in the
prospect stage.
' May Delay Gadsden
The tunnel water strike may result
in some delay in the sinking of Gads
den shaft, inasmuch as Gadsden has
been using the only available extra
pump that the Extension has and the
latter may have to call it back. Gads
den has a pump of its own somewhere
on the way from the manufacturers,
but just where it is or when it will
get in may not be said in these days
of unsolvable transportation problems.
If it has to give up the Extension
pump and stop sinking temporarily it
will delay information that had been
anticipated as likely to be available
next month. Gadsden si not far dis
tant at this time from its 1,000 level,
where it has been thought that chang
es in formation might occur that
would give a fairly strong line on
what might be expected when they
reached out In their country from
that and lower levels. Encourage-,
ment to this belief has been fostered
recently by constant softening of the
ground as they have made depth.
Jerome Verde Looks Better
Jerome Verde, the other advanced
property in the district in which in
terest in development keepa keenly
alive, is considered of late to be look
ing more solidly satisfactory than at
any time, although they have not ob
tained any lead as yet warranting
positive conclusions. They have, low
ever, wound up a thorough campaign
of preliminary prospecting and
launched upon a campaign of research
and development based upon the pros
pecting findings and thus far giving
indications of having been wisely
conceived.
Portland Possibilities
Interest in Jerome Portland has
beeri revived by authentic news that
this,' property has attracted the atten
tion of a large copper interest and
that it will soon have the advantage
of a thorough examination. If the
latter retains the interest of those
who make it. It is very likely that it
will be possible to work out the terms
under which the property will get an
other chance to make good under the
direction of highly competent mining
skill backed by an abundance of funds.
GADSDEN NEAR POINT
WHERE EXPLORATIONS
WILL BE COMMENCED
Softer ground is being encountered
in the Gadsden shaft, which is now
down 968 feet. The formation is schist
quartz, quartz-porphry and Jasper, car
rying a little copper sulphide, more
iron sulphide, and considerable man
ganese. Superintendent J. K. Hooper
will not predict when he v.-irl be down
to I if- H-00 -foot level and began cutting
a pun-i station. The V. V. Extension
has intimated that in a short time it
will need the big electric pump loaned
to the C. & A. over a month ago and
whtc-L is now in use on the 800-foot
level A pump is coming to replace it
but it may be necessary to bail for a
lew days and that will slow up opera
tions. W hether drifting and crosscutting
v.ill be started from the 1000-foot level
or not until the shaft has reached a
depth of 1200 feet has not been decid
ed. Something definite in this connec
tion will probably be announced in tr.c
next few days.
At the collar of the Gadsden shaft
is Mucl lower than that of the Edith
shaft of the L. V. Extension, the 1000
foot station will actually be 30 feet
below the 1300-foot level at the Extension.
ANNOUNCEMENT BY
GREAT RAY COMPANY
The Great Kay Copper Company
announces through its secretary, W.
J. Macun-gor. that its extensive hold
ings of mineral ground adjoining the
Ray Consolidated and Ray Hercules
properties at Ray, Ariz., are to be sys
tematically developed by ilium drill
ing, as recommended by the compa
ny's engineers.
"Work will commence almost im
mediately," says Mr. Macgregor. "In
addition to its large copper ore bodies
:his property contains valuable silver
and tungsten showings, which will be
explored at once."
Approximately 20.000,000 pounds of
copper resulted from the 1917 opera
tions of the Consolidated Arizona
Smelting Co. of which over 11.000.
000 pounds came from custom ores.
Principal shippers of custom ore were
the United Verde Extension Mining
Co., Jerome Verde Copper Co.r Phelps
Dodge Corporation t Copper Basin
branch) and about fifty more smaller
operators.
Comparison of smelter output with
previous years follows:
Copper Silver Gold
lbs.
19,751,042
11.989,139
5,762,974
ounces ounces
251,670 9,485
150.021
81,647
34.444
36,173
5,972
3,092
1.416
1,791
Year.
1917
1916
1915
1914 2,234,745
1913 1,690,607
Taking advantage of big earnings
resulting from high-priced copper the
company made substantial expendit
ures on account of construction $579,
132, against $359,482 in previous year.
In the past four years the company
has spent $1,234,856 in new construc
tion. Income account for 1917 follows:
Value metals produced 45,606,641
Cost production ... 4,724,825
Net operating profit 881,816
Interest 2.398
Deductions 854.485
Balance 29,904
Previous surplus 169.632
Total surplus 169,632
The construction program has been
about 07( completed and about $500,
000 will be required during 1918 and
1919.
Net operating profit for 1917 was
JSS1.816. against $859,015 in the pre
ceding year. From its own mines the
company produced 8,213,615 pounds of
copper at a cost of 14.98 cents a pound
comparing with a 1916 average cost
of 13.9 cents a pound. Average price
received for this metal was . 26.3427
cents a pound, against 28.872 cents in
1916.
COUNTY COUNCILS OF
DEFENSE ARE FORMED
' PHOENIX. April 13. Arizona s
starting in good shape on her share of
the war work. County councils of de
tense have been completed in every
county, headed by the representative
citizens here listed:
Apache county, Heber Jarvis, Saint
Johns; Cochise, Vance Johnson, Bis
bee; Coconino, Chas. T. Woolfolk,
Flagstaff; Gila, Judge W. Q. . Shute,
Globe; Graham, Frank A. Webster,
Saffoid; Greenlee, W. T. Witt, Clifton;
Maricopa, Warren Peterson, Phoenix;
Mohave, C. W. Lynch, Kingman; Nava
jo, Osraer D. Flake, Snowflake; Pima,
Selim M. Franklin, Tucson; Pinal, C.
V. Gorbam, Florence; Santa Cruz,
Jas. A Harrison, Nogales; Yavapai,
Miss. G. M. Suarkes, Prescott; Yuma,
Ike Proebstel, Yuma.
Each county council has an execu
tive committee, comprising the chair
man, secretary and treasurer and the
hetuia of the principal committees,
those on Public Defense, Production,
Weiftrc Work and Finance. The de
fenoe committee especially will guard
the rublic safety, keeping close watch
for itossible treasonable actions within
the county and helping tin military
preparations. The production commit
tee bus the Important work of stimu
lating food production and securing
proper harvesting and marketing con
ditions. Welfare work deals especial
ly with keeping close track of all coun
ty men in the country's service and
providing for their dependents, at need
The finance committee will have no
empty honor, for funds must be pro
vided for emergency work and the
maintenance of headquarters.
Now. the work is being still further
Ft,b('.lvlded into community councils.
j on lines suggested by President Wil
son, retching into the school districts.
In agricultural districts, such as the
Salt Kiver Valley, their operations un
doubtedly will be in cooperation with
those of the farm bureaus already es
tablished by university effort, with es
pecial attention to the production of
foG'istuifs.
VERDE COMBINATION
TO CONTINUE DRIVE
INTO QUARTZ LEDGE
JEROME, April 13. Sinking was re
sumed at the Verde Combination to
day end the shaft, now 700 feet deep,
will be put down 200 or 300 feet furth
er. V.r.nagcr Dave Morgan hopes to
mainiain a speed of at least 100 feet a
montii.
His principal reason for sinking to
greattr depth is that he may explore
a lifghly interesting and promising
quartz ledge which has been opened
for some distance on the 700-foot level
by drift No. 13. northwest.
Ir the last few days that ledge,
which varies from two to ten feet in
v iuth, has been showing a gratifying
amount of chalcopyrite. Streaks and
bunches of real ore are frequently en
countered in the white quartz mass,
si; of vhich shows eviAences of leach
ing A similar body ot quartz lies ov
er the U. V. Extension ore body.
An attempt was made to sink a
wir.xe from No. 13 on some of the
most promising quartz but it was aban
doned when down ten feet or so be
cajse of the heavy flow of water. Now
a raise has been started at a point
where the chalcopyrite is particularly
prominent.
Manager Morgan's monthly report
shows that 730 feet of underground de
velopment was done in March. This
compares with 638 feet in the short
month of February.
PIONEER SILVER MINE
PASSES TO NEW HANDS
Not a Corn or
' Callus on Feet
Apply few drops, then lift
them off without pain.
MAYER, Ariz Aprif 13. The con
summation of the sale of the old
Peck silver mine, located eight miles
south of this place, marks one of the
most important mine transactions in
Yavapai county, so far this year. The
mire is one of the several old high
grade silver properties that made for
tunes for their owners twenty-five
years ago when only the highest grade
ore could be handled. The ore from
the Feck mine was hauled fifty miles
by bull team to Prescott and then was
shipped with expensive freight to mar
ket. ;
The mine was owned by O. I. Tu
ney, of this place, and the purcmner
wis C. E. Batton. of El Paso, Texas.
Included in the deal are several other
slider properties owned by F. W Ojr
roux. or Mayer, R. H. Burnister, of
Prescott and others, all of the claims
beir.g connected with the Pe-.-k mine.
It is estimated that ther- are about
lOc.COd tons of milling ore in the old
stopes and on the dumps which could
not be handled at a profit when the
mini was worked a q iarte of n cen
tury ago. None of tne ore t odies ha3
beer, worked below the water -evcl.
there being left much hJsh grade' in
sight in the lower workings. It is the
p'an of the purchaser to th rou;;bly de
velop the Peck mine and the adjoining
claim.; and then boi'.d a mill to fit the
findings. It is likeV that the m'il will
us? cyanide and poo'hly oil flotation,
too. '
Old Silver Belt
The Peck mine is located in about
the c;nter of a long silver belt begin
ning a short distance south of Prescott
and ending south forty miles, below
the old Tip Top silver-tungsten mine,
which also has a great record as a
high grade shipper. Along this strip
of mineralized country, there are ma
ny remarkable silver properties that
can be brought back into the produc
tive class. with the expenditure ot a
small amount of money. The mill pro
cess of treating the ore will bv grculy
simplyfied over what was in use when
these n-incs were active years -go. tor
both the cyanide and the oil flotation
processes have been developed in the
mea'itime.
The Peck mine adjoins the oid :Vvas
tika fcilver property which h:i been a
steady shipper ot high grade silver ore
for many years. It has a re : n c-t
ab.nit sixty carloads sent to th smel
ter cy leasers. It is at the i resent
time leased to F. W. Girroux who is
al8- planning on the erection of some
sort of a mill at his property to treat
the large amount of milling bit vf ore
on "he dumps and in the old etopes. .
The sale of the Peck mino was ne
gotiate, by W. W. William?, a minipr;
engineer of El Paso. It js understood
thnt other properties in that sane sec
tion live a chance of becomtrR uue.s
tive a at to this Peck transaction.
COPPER
PRICE IN
II
JUNE FOUNDATION
FOR SPECULATION
Yhe present price for copper expires
vitnin two months, and there is much
Inte.-i-st regarding the attitude that ;
the government w 111 take toward fixing I
the price after then. Up to the pres ,
ent time it has refused to heed the as
iertions of producers that they are bar '
ing citiiculty In breaking even at the ,
present price, and it remains to be
seen whether it will be convinced by
the further arguments that the pro-.
dncers doubtless will make. No re
duction, of course, is possible but un
less there Is an advance some of the
smaller companies may be forced to
suspend production, because of the
steadily rising costs, while new pro
duction is not stimulated by the pres
ent price. A new property must be
of undoubted richness in order to be
brought into production under the ex
isting conditions.
The larger consumption of copper
by the United States for war purpos
es is reflected In the reduced exports.
No doubt the consumption remains as
high as ever, but it is differently dis
tributed. Janifary exports of copper
were 8 1,98.209 pounds, as compared,
with 107,613.298 pounds in January,!
1917; and for the seven months to,
Jan. 31 the exports were 531.012.709
pounds, as compared with 466.750,638
pounds a year ago. Part of the recent '
decrease may have been due to ship-'
ping difficulties, although there is
good reason to believe that all the j
copper that is being produced is be-;
ing consumed here or abroad. If there j
is any acumulation in the United t
States it is at the docks, and repre-
sents cepper that has been sold but ;
that vessels have not been able to car-;
ry- i
Aside from the price, which is gen-;
erally unsatisfactory, the conditions j
in the industry are favorable. Divi-;
dends have been reduced by most com-:
panies but the present rates are likely i
to be maintained.
Contractor and Builder
ESTIMATES AND PLANS
FURNISHED
Wm. McDOUG ALL
OPPOSITE LINCOLN SCHOOL
PHONE GREEN 728
JOHN C. WILSON
Contractor
and Builder
ESTIMATES FURNISHED ON
ALL CLASSES OF BUILINGS
SEE ME LAST Phone Green 7S2
HENNESSY
Undertaking Parlors
PHONE 15.
OK ST.
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Sollclti Your
Patronage
PHONE 58
I i 7 i H BIS 124 Hours ; I
; 4 J T'ITl 'y Each Cmp- , i
w .j" (midy) ; i
uiuU V,
i Btican ofecmnttfeim i
!
CHICHESTER S PILLS
The old King mine at Superior Is!
expected to open soon.
r
Cklka.MlDlianit
K. MUd viOl RUM Ribtw.
M Mn. Hay T mi
I II J
ri-cinc-TFK
1HAMUND MBANO PlLLA.flS
yew knowa as Brit. Safut. Always ReMiM
SOLO BY DKL'GGiSTS E. ERYnhTRE
V7
I -::KSroTT -About May 1 the Hill
side ''i.pper Cre-k wagon road will bo
up-n to auto traffic, when it is ant i
imteii that several properties, now op
erating on a small wale, will Iwgiii
taeay production by shipping to he
railnuii The two principal holdings
o h ii gterlally y nefitfd are the i.;:;:;
dad Mm the CoppT King. Th Ull'
id lnutj it reporieil to be ri:'er cp
tloa ami its t-ua is suid to bo coiidi-tiout-d
uikju this road being op-.-ned.
A noted Cincinnati au
thority discovered a new
ether compound and call
ed it freerone and it now
can be had in litilc bot
tles lor .n .o centj lrtiii;
any drugstore.
You simply apply a few
drops if frcezone upon a
tender Porn or painful cal
lus and insUntly the sore
ness disappears, then
shortly you will lind tat
you can lift it off with fingers.
No pain, not a bit cl I
soreness, either when ap-1
plying foeione or after- j
L. J. OVERLOOK, BROKER
Correspondents: Paine, Weber & Co-a Boston, Ouluth, Calumet.
LOGAN A BRYAN, NEW YORK AND CHICAGO.
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK.
wards, and It doesn't even
irritate t-.e skin.
Hard corns, soft corns
or corns between the I'jcs
also toughened calluses,
just shrivel up and lift off
It is wonderful; It w'jrk-s
Try it!
keep Iieezonu on
&
Si
38
fi fU ?si Fi
F4
,Vvj Spring 1 lme
- -.'.''fe4' Is Comir
4-K
iiiti"
so easy.
like a charm
Women should
tueir dressers and never let a coru
ache twice. Adv.
Lock '.zr tS- Emblem
Tag it it your cuar
anireoi' ?i tauter Service
1 avm ftp
Aim
ommg
IT vill really surprise
you how well we
can make your last
Spring suit look.
There is a good reason
why you should 'Make
It Do."
For liiph-ctjitft ci.inaing nd
repairing, t'?l'phofia 04
BISBEE DYE AND
CLEANING
WORKS.
PHONE 296.
?4
m
NewSuperintendent
For
CENTRAL
BUTTE
Central Butte has appointed a new superintendent,
H. W. Evans, well known as a successful mining engi
neer and superintendent, who gets results. Mr. Evans
assumes his duties April 1 5.
The 50 horse-power Air Compressor now being in
stalled will be running on schedule time on or before
May I . With new machinery and under the superinten
dency of Mr. Evans, watch the development of Central
Butte.
According to mining men. Central Butte is the best
new mine in Arizona, and should be selling for much
more than the prsent price, 75 cents.
This is an opportunity that you cannot afford to let
pass.
MAGAW & WARD
ROOM 8 Over 5 and 10-Cent Store Phone 498
r&tiOlc
Conservative management and
strength commend this Bank to your con
sideration. The Checking Accounts of individuals
are especially welcomed.
All business entrusted to us will re
ceive prompt and careful attention.
Bank with us.
HTJOO
When You Think of Building
Think of
GIBSON-HINES
LUMBER COMPANY
J. W. F. SMITH
Manager
Phone 88
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
AND HIGH CLASS CAFE
The best of everything at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 60c luncheon daily. Also $1.00 dinner from
5 : 30 to 7 : 30 p. m. Regular Board by the month, $40 ;
$10 by the week.
Henry Poppea, Manager.
Bisbee Decorating Co.
General Painting, Paper Hanging, Tinting and
Signs. Perfect Results. Moderate Prices.
HUGHES BLOCK, OPPOSITE Y. W. C A.
P.O. Box 1531 Fhone739
The Body of
Our Paint
ia pure white lead. It is mixed with
turpentine or pure linseed oil ac
cording to whether it la to be used
for in or outside work. There is no
Krit In It; no adulterants to make
its manufacture cheaper. Taint ex
perts always get their supplies
here. Wouldn't it be wUe for yon
lo follow their example.
Bisbee Lumber Company. inc
EMIU MARKS, MGR.
LOWELL CAR STOP.
PHONt 2& THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEWV SUNDAY MORNING, APRIL 14, 1918.
THREE
News of Social Circles
THAYER-MAHAR WEDDING
A pretty wedding occurred Sunday
morning at the home of Mr. and Mrs.
Thayer of Lowell, when their daugh
ter. Miss Mildred, lcatne the bride
of Ereill Mahar, Rev. Harshman of
Pisbee Methodist church officiating.
The bride was charmingly frowned in
white organdie ard lace, and wore a
veil of white tulle. She was intended
bv Miss llermia Abies as bridesmaid, i
Canada Sparks acting as best man. J
After the ceremony a buffet breakfast
was served. Pink roses and pink and
white carnations with green trim
mings were used to decorate. Others
present were Mr. and Mrs. E. E.
Young, Mr. and Mrs. Paul B. Stevens.
Mr. F. W. Ritter. Mrs. Faul A. I-ee,
of San Diego. Mrs. Mary Waters. Mrs.
Richard Humphreys, and Mr. William
Humphreys.
Mr. and Mrs. Mahar left for Ram
sey Canyon where they will spend a
short honeymoon. Mrs. Mahar was
formerly employed at the Iowell Drug
store as cashier. Mr. Mihar Is also
employed by the same company and
will resume bis duties there when
t.''cy return.
? St
Tlie A. F. F. W. met this Thursday
at the Garfield school with both Mrs.
Frantzen and Mrs. Chain In charge.
There were 24 women present so a
great amount of work was done. The
following articles were turned out:
6S rolls of bandages. 4 suits of paja
mas, 3 fracture pads. 3 balls of selvage
roils for knitting wash rags. 2 baby
comforters and 50 compresses.
There were 40 women present dur
ing the three days that were devoted
to making surgical dressings at the
Garfield s-ciiool. for the Red (Yoss.
Ana women wish to thank Mr.
Henderson lor the donation oi virj
table. And say that it was very i
thoughtful i-.nd l:lnd of bim. Mr. Hen
derson is the He:;;ler?on of Hender
son & Watkins Lumber Co.
tl tl S
Mr. and Mrs. Downs, Mr. and Mrs.
Truax. Jr., Robert Hennessy and P.
M Ke'lv are the liisbee rerresenta ;
tives to the Knielus of Columbus con-1
vention in Phoenix on Monday. Tfcisj
is the annual state-wide convention.
Exemplification of decrees will be)
held Sunday followed by ihe conven-;
ing of the annual ire'n;g on Monday.:
The war work of the organization
will constitute t e thief work of the j
convention. The soci.il life v hich has,
attendee past conventions will- be!
foregone to a larae degree when mat-)
ters of more sern's nature will de
mand the 2!ten'..oii of del sates at
tending. &
A fair crowd attended the card par-1
ty given for the benefit of the Perma-1
Tient Blind Relief Fund, at the Worn-
an's Club Saturday afternoon, with '
Mrs. Care Trischka snd Mr?. Golln- :
itzer as hostesses. ThiB is a worthy
cause and should be well attended .
each S&Jurdpy. This fund la for rnej
American blind, net for the Kench or!
British. 1 but' for our own'btrVs whoM
will never acain see the glorious j
sunshiue. It is must po ;iti.-ely ;
not an Invltat'm affidr but for!
anyone and everyone who wisnes
to come and do their little bit this
way. Take a iahle and invito three
friend, or do lietter uti'l: have c
"Dutch" treat. Which la a very good
economy in these war t'tnes. Nest
week the party will be at the Country
Club.
t jg
The Catholic women's auxiliary of
the Red Cross met Thursday at St.
Patrick's hall. Mrs. G. M. Porter was;
in charge. They will meet each Thurs ,
day from 1 tiil 5. Now this is for Am-i
erica and every woriian in Bisbee is
Of Interest
"April showers bring May flowers."
U would not be April without a foul
am frock, sensible, practical foulard,
for all hours of the day. It may be
been in the early spring morning, at
It ncheon and at tea. if circumstances
demand. An epic to dress it has be
come. One always looks well dressed
L.'t never conspicuous clothed in its
soft folds.
Tl.is fabric is not costly but of long
wearing quality, a true economy. A
variety of designs and textures may be
hai -soft, dull finishes, a shimmering
s.i tin finish and a heavier twill finish
like a serge. A navy blue foulard is
figured in white, black is figured in
white or beige; navy blue is also fig
ured in dull red, apple green, and choc
olate, called "malliard."
Not only do the smaller dressmakers
ui.e it but tne exclusive modistes are
very enbtuiiiastic and use it extensive
ly lor dresses of day time wear. A
great i.any gowns are practically un
trimmed, if they are it is only with a
gilet and dainty collars and cuffs of
orf ancle, net or chiffon. The material
Is suited to persons of almost all ages,
tithing!, the saiin finish Is considered
inoi'ft youthful than the dull. Elderly
women look very dignified and elegant
gowre: iu this popular fabric. It may
bt) worn in the town or country cor
rectly, and there is Indeed a great deal
to the theory that wearing becomine
clothing makes one feel at ease and
lends poiso and self-possession as
nothing else will do.
Coiffures
The hair has been worn severely
drawn back from the brow for so long
that it comes as a relief to see a fetch
ing curl petping forth. The sameness
grows monotonous as well as being
injurious to the hair. The way of
dressing the hair should be changed
as often as possible.
A pretty way to make the coiffure
Is to mhirl the hair about the head
and fasten it with a comb concealed
by a cluster of curls over the right
ear. This gives a contentment to
meet the world of men and conquer
so attractive is it. It makes no
eatiily difference if thfre is never a
thought beneath the hair if it is prop
erly disguised with a lovely coiffure,
j A way of bringing the long hair from
the back of the head and twisting it
over and under Itself In folds as you
would a soft silken textile is most
alluring. A more complicated way is
expected to turn out and do her share, j
No matter what else may be left un- J
done, our first and last duty is to the i
American Red Cross. Even little J
Tombstone is a head of us. Which
should make l isbee make a great ef- ;
foil to enua! and excel every other!
town in the county.
There w'll be a joint meeting at 7
n. in in t':e re-reition rcom at the
Y. W. C. A.-of the Bisbee-Lincoln com
mittees of the American Fund for
French Wounded. All members and I
frier.dn of both committees are urged
to be present, by order of Mrs. John
Chain, who is chairman of both com
mittees. The state chairman Is Mrs.
Frantzen.
&
The surgical dresslne class which
met at the Woman's Club, Friday af
ternoon made 1400 surgical dressings.
The following women were present:
Mesdames D. II. Landes, Howard
Sterling. W. E. Hankin. C. II. Moore.
M. C. High. I. J. Burgess, F. Duval.
Ben Job niton. V. Johnson. B. Norton,
A. O. Freidel. Gartwell Novell. C. E.
Gollweitzer. C. J. Charleston. C. A.
Hunt, F. C. Churchill. J. Murray, C.
ConnelL P. Woodman. H. Barkell, C.
L. Edmund son. Sam Frankenberg. F.
A. Kopp. M. F. McKenny and G. Mc
Lillen. Misses Mayme Rock and Mary
M. Butler.
ts js jif
All members of the Fraternal Broth
erhood are requested to be present on
Monday evening, to meet the state
manager. Brother and Sister Mahron.
Refreshments will be served by order
of the president. Ben Moss, at Medi
govich hall.
!5? H J?
Mr. and Mrs. II. W. Barnes ot
Ohio are . visiting with Mr. and Mrs.
Velvin S. Krebs. Thev have been vis
iting with Ray B. Krebs in Tombstone
All ere former residents of the same
lecaiity in Ohio.
B. H. S. CARNIVAL
Last night at the high school the
students gave a regular carnival at
the P.. H. S. building for the benef
of the athletic department of the stu
dent body assoeiat'on of the local
high. There was everything there
from the chamber of horrors and baby
thow to the dancing girls who know
so well how to separate one from his
money. Confetti and paper ribbons
filled the atmosphere and entangled
the dancers throughout the evening
end the merriment continued until a
late hour. Refreshments of all kinds
were served to the crowds who filled
the ha'.l all evening and when the af
fair broke up it was found that a neat
sum had been netted for the cause.
The cabaret was the feature of the
evening being a representation of the
real tiling on a miniature scale. Miss
Grace Southard added to the realism
of the cabaret with several vocal se
lection which 'were appreciated by
the diners. At a late hour the other
activities were suspended and a gen
eral dance completed the " program.
The proceeds will be devoted to the
promotion of athletics in the B. H. S.
and general athletic expense.
.
ALUMNI DANCE
Invitations are out for the last
Alumni dance of the season. Owing
to the approach of summer and the
warm weather, the monthly indoor
dances of the Alumni association will
be suspended until fall. However, a
series of dances on the roof of the
new Horace Mann Junior high are
Planned. This out door gymnasium is
large enough to accommodate a good
sized crowd and these open air dances
high above the city should be very
popular among the Alumni and their
to Women
I to have the hair cut in short lengths
: curled in three layers of little beau
' catchers on both sides aud a chignon
in back. Medusa's head never boast
ed so many curls as this. If the hair
is short and not very thick, part it on
the side and confine it with a ribbon
bandeau, then a touch of false hair
may be used that will defy the pen
etrating eye of any dowager In' the
world. For the. titian haired beauty,
wear a fringe of bangs, either artifi
cial or real then pile the hair very
loosely into a loose soft knot on top
of the head, a jeweled pin. a smile
aud "voila." .Demure curls belle the
sophistication of high head dress, and
lends charm to the fair haired girl.
Ffom Paris comes simplicity In every
fashion, so the 'plain coiffures are
very popular.
Coiffure Make Face
. That the coiffure makes the face is
a broad statement but true, never the
less. Straight simplicity is demand
ed by some faces, while others need
a more bewitching style of curls and
nuffs and others an . elaborate hair
dressing is needed. The face should
be studied to see which mode is
best suited for that particular style
of beauty. If the face is round and
full, dress the ha'r high; if oval,
drawn lew to the nape of the neck is
the most becoming. Parted .in the
middle is very tryinir and only the
most youthful wear it well. Some
j one has said it is woman's crowning
glory and how right he Is.
The Smart Touch
Ore of the most Importwt points
In the costume of the well dressed
woman Is the arrangement of collar.
fur or ornament M the necl. The
heconiingness of the entire costume
depends, to a considerable degree, up
on Just the right touch at the throat.
Fsneclally In the snring should this
detail of dress receive particular not
ice The velvet band mounted with a
jewe'ed slide is becoming to almost
every woman, erpepf the on who is
very vo'inc This tvpe of neck orna
ment itiir te worn at any time of dav
nftr the onrlv morning hours, but is
rest Fulted t a centum" whl-h has
ome suirest'on f f irmMifv. The
band Is from a hslf to an inch wide.
For evening a band of tulle tied in
a lnrge flaring bow at the back of the
neck Is good looks airy aud fresh.
er.
friends. The last Indoor da,nee will
be held Friday the 19th and a large ,
attendance is anticipated. ;
ts j f i
..... !
The Episcopal Guild had a tea at I
the Y. W. C. A. Wednesday afternoon.
It was v eil attended. ,
Y. W. C. A. Notes
There will be a Vesper Service at
the Y. W. C. A. Sunday afternoon
from 4:30 to 6:30. Mrs. J. D. Hudson
representing the Christian Church
Committee will be in charge. Bible
Lesson. Mrs. Hudson; Prayer, Vocal
Solo, Miss Jean Quinn. Talk. Dr. K.
Sims. Vocal Solo. Mr. Rancourt. All
friends and members are cordially in
vited to join us at theis service.
The membership "at home" atthe
Y. W. C. A. when all mothers and
wives in the Warren District, and men
in the service were to be entertained
will be postponed until Thursday af.
fernoon. April 25th, from 3 to 6. The
final reports from the membership
campaign will be given at this time
and a general good time is being
planned.
The membership campaign at the
Y. V. C. A. takes place April 22nd.
2?.rd and 24th, Reds Warren, So.
Bisbee, Cochise, Bakerville. and Don
Luis. White Lowell. Upper Lowell.
Jiggerville. Johnson Addition. Cowan
Ridge, Garden H11L Naco Road as far
as depot, including Brewery Gulch and
O. K. Street. Mrs. Frank Sinclair,
chairman, assisted by Mesdames Dur
ley, Thompson, Bridge, Alvin, Hous
ton. Osier and Bevln. Blue All Bis
bee from depot to end of Tombstcue
Can von. except Brewery Gulch and
O.. K. Street. Chairman Mrs. F. E.
Bennett. Winning teams will be
shown by flags changed each morCTtig
by the Y. W. C. A. There will be a
membership Tea Thursday 3 to 6 p.
m.t April 25th. when all final reports
cf the campaign will be given, and a
general good time enjoyed. We hope
that all who are not members already
will gve their name to the members
cf the committee in their district.
Miss Charlotte Davis Y. W. C. A.:
field secretary of Pacific coast, who
has been here for several days, left j j
for Tucson Monday morning. i !
A Y. W. C. A. onferenee will be
held at Tucsoa next week. April 15,
16 and 17, when it is hoped to assem
ble together a representation of the
four associations in Arizona, Phoenix
Tucson, Bisbee and Douglas, for the
sake of exchanging informal opinions
and experiences in the Y. W. C A.
work. Miss Alice G. Moore, girls'
work secretary. Miss Helen Fulton,
college secretary, all experts from our
field committee staff in San Francis
co to answer questions about prob
lems we sre meeting in our respective
fields. The delegates from Fisbee are
Mesdames Allen, Colton, Sims, Juliff
and Hunt.
Quite a good deal of interest is be
ing manifested in the Ladies physical
Culture class with Mrs. J. B. Motley '
as' instructor. All those winhing to
join the class please come Wednesday
morning at 10 a. m. or at 7 p. m.
A Spanish study class meets Mon
day evening a t7:30 p. m. Mr. Arilaj
is the instructor. All those wishing i
to learn Spanish have a splendid op
portunity under Mr. Arila.
There is to be a high, school girls
Y. W. C. A. conference at Tucson on
April 15, where girls from different
parts of Arizona will be present.
There are five delegates from Bisbee,
the Misses Margaret Jegry, Alice Wil
son, Frances Juliff, Marguerite Brere
ton, Winifred St. John and Miss Mc
Curdy, the girls secretary.
The Churches
ST. JOHN'S EPISCOPAL CHURCH
Sunday School 9:45 a. m. Morning
prayer and address 11 a. m. Offer
tory anthem, "Send Out Thy Light,"
Gounod. Wednesday, choir practice
7 p. m.
JACOB M. WHITE. Rector.
FIRST BAPTIST CHURCH
Sunday school 9:45 a. m. Morning
service 11:00 a. m. An old time tes
timonial service. Junior and Senior
B. Y. P. U. 6:45 p. m. Group No. 2
will lead. Evening service 7:30 p. m.
Theme, "Repentance."
Mr. J. F. Matthews will preach In
the Presbyterian Mission in Johnsou
Addition at 7:30 p. m. Prayer meet
ing Wednesday 7:45 p. m. Owing' to
the absence of our pastor, H. C. Comp
ton, Mr. W. E. Carver will fill the pul
pit morning and evening. Your pres
ence Is our desire.
PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH
Sunday School 9:45 a. m. Morning
worehip 11:00 a. m. Sermon topic,
"Man's Spirit, Its Greatness and In
vincibility." Young People's meeting
7:00. Evening worship 8:00 p. m.
Sermon topic. "The Youth of Today
and the .World of Tomorrow."
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE SOCIETY
Christian Science Society of Bisbee
holds services every Sunday morning
at 11:15 o'clock In the Woman's Club
building on Quality Hill. Wednesday
evening testimony meeting at 7:45.
The public is welcome and Invited to
attend. Subject for Sunday, April 14,
"Are Sin. Disease and Death Real?"
Informal Christian Science meetings
are held in Warren every Sunday a,t '
11:00 a. m.. at first cottage south ot
the "Y." All are most welcome. Sub-1
ject for today: "Are Sin, Disease and
Death Aeal?"
METHODIST EPISCOPAL
Public worship at 11 a. m.. and 7:S0
p. tn. Morning subject, "Prayer."
Evening subject. "The I'ses of Adver-I
Buy. ounuay oiuuui cijnuiui
League 6:30. Subject. "Factions in
League Life." W. H. Polleron, lead
ff
;.
j,. - 2 . . .
JjijLJl J 1 i ii (J O Qji
t '
--...
I iif i!ii fe' fll
Shattuck Arizona Copper Co.
Denn Arizona Copper Co.
Buy L
In order to make it possible for each and every employee of the Shat
tuck Arizona Copper Company, and the Denn Arizona Copper Com
pany, to purchase a 44 Liberty Bond of the third issue, the hat
tuck and Denn Companies will pursue the same policy as followed
heretofore, of allowing its employees to subscribe through the Com- .
pany for any quantity of Liberty Bonds desired, and to pay therefor
in installments at the rate of one-tenth of the amount of the subscrip
tion per month, with the understanding that at any time a subscriber
is unable to complete his payments that the Company will refund to .
him whatever amounts he shall have paid in, without interest, and ,
upon the completion of the monthly payments by the employee that
the Bonds subscribed for, with all interest coupons attached from '
date of bond issue, will be delivered to him.
iberty
c3i
DO
mens
-4 k v. . J FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, APRIL 14, 1918.
i
An official photograph of the club with
which the German armies "finish off?
wounaea soiaters. juuu of tnese .
were recently captured by the Italian s
, K .
g' Th Besbructidn v.,
ivuizabon
This is in grim reality what
we are fighting this war to prevent.
The club pictured above from an
actual official photograph might be
the weapon of a savage cave man
of five thousand years ago. It is in
fact the weapon with which Ger
man soldiers finish off the enemy
wounded who have fallen on the
battlefield - on the battlefield on
which American boys are fighting
There is only one answer to
make to such methods the defeat
of the German Armies. America has
taken up the sword to give that
answer. Our Army is in France to
help win this war on the battlefield '
that civilization may be safe, that
America may be safe.
Yom Casn Haye Yoimir Share in America
to G
An
wair
maim paYageiry
The Third Liberty Loan is your,
opportunity. It is the most direct
blow that can be struck at German -military
supremacy. It is the most -powerful
aid that can be given our
soldiers in France. It means rifles
and helmets and gas masks the best .
protection for our men from German
brutality. It means big guns and
shells and airplanes-and VICTORY -
Invest TODAY in bonds of the Third
Liberty Loan, and save the lives of '
American soldiers.
Save Civilization, Save America, Your Own Family and Your , Own Home
This Space Paid For and Contributed by
Bisbee Improvement Company Bisbee-Naco Water Company
The Mountain States Telephone and Telegraph Co. THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, APRIL 14, 1918.
FIVE
Mining and Financial News
BY REVIEW
NEW YORK. April 13. Stocks tn Calumet Rauge '. 41
perienced another moderate reversal .Chile 15
during the early port of today's short Eeast Butte 'Zh
session, the war bulletins precipitating
further liquidation. Equipments and
a few standard industrials and rails
yielded all the way from large frac
tions to IVi points but rallies Just
before the close affected these losses
to a considerable extent.
Actual net gains ov variable pro
portions were scored by Mid vale steel.
Central Foundry, common and prefer
red. Tobacco products. United Cigars,
American Sugar, American Ice and:
Stutz Motors.
United States steel was under per
sistent pressure but threw oft its
heaviness at the end, closing at a loss
of a small fraction.
Sales, 122.000 shares.
Bonds were irregular, some of the
foreign issues again hardening, while
domestic rails and industrials were
mixed.
Steadiness marked the smaller deal
ings in Liberty issues. Total sales,
par value, $2,475,000. Old United.
States bonds ranged from a quarter
to half per cent higher on call during
the week.
The bank statement reflected the
enormous shifting of funds incidental
to the new Libert yloan, actual loans
expanding by almost $168,000,000, re
serves of members in the local federal
banks meanwhile showing an increase
of $22,500,000.
Excess reserves gained about $21.
500.000, restoring the total to the larg
est amount since the early part ofj
February.
GRAIN
CHICAGO. April 13. Prospects of
noerai receipts una oi great prcaouic.
from heldlng sales brought bu
Bunrp Urc iuud, .i. iur ... "
to I
Z cents net lower, with May $1.27
and July $1.50 to $1.50. Oats
underwent a setback of to
cvu in ucu nit u,uuuiuc in jjiu.ioiuua
was unchanged to 17 cents down.
I.innlriatinn .short selline an.1 lark
Aiagma topper ;-o
of demand were evident factors' in Ma,ma rjiief "
the corn market. The downward I jjjam Con 5 4
course of prices was virtually minter- j pltt8 " ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ,4
rupted, and the lowest prices of the porDnyry
session were touched just before the . Hercules 4,
clase. Oats gave way with corn. As-R,u ',.
sertions that the semi-monthly report j Tojn Reed 196
on warehousa stocks would show a ' Tuolumne '19. C
good ,ize dincreasa "weakened pro- rn,ted EastVr'n' '.'.'.'.'.V.'.'.V.'.V.V. "
v,bions- Verde Extension X
Verde Combination 14
NEW YORK COTTON (Wolverine Arizona m
NEW YORK. April 13. Cotton,' whi.'.e Caps 14
closed 6teady at a net decline of 77 West End 75
to 113 points. Wright-Martin 7
NEW YORK METALS
NEW YORK. April 13. Bar silver,
93 c.
HOLD EXCcSS REVERSAL
NEW YOKK. April 13 The actual
condition of cieaiing house banks and
trust companies for tne week shows
that tiiey hold $66,066,290 reserve in
excess of legal requirements. This
is an increase 01' $.l,4Utf,630 from,
last week.
STOCKS TAKE DROP
NEW YuRK, April 13. This week's
listless and irregular stock market
expiessea in minor measures the in
tense absorption of the financial in
terests in me struggle raging in the
western theater of the war. In no
responsible quarter was there any ef
fort to minimize the gravity ot the
situation, but confidence was ex
pressed for the ultimate result. In
the main, stocks were closed at an
average Elightly below that of last
week.
General conditions as applied to the
railroads and leading industries were
without material change.
In various lines of ttade inert;. Ins
evidence of the war's dominance was
presented. From sixty to seventy-iive
per cent of the production of the lead
ing commondities of the country now
represent (the , requirements or' 1 a,
home government and its allies.
All accounts agree that the third
Liberty loan wlli meet expectation's.
Local monetary conditions denoted
greater ease, both from time and call
loans, and exchange rates on foreign
remitances held steady, except for
Spanish e.yhange, MUs on Madrid
and Barcelona being especially scarce.
Closing Quotations, April 13, 1918
(J. L. Overlock)
NEW YORK
Anaconda 67T4
American Can 40
American Car til
American Sugar 101
American Smelter 754
Baldwin ; 73,
Bethlehem (B) 769s
C. & O 54
Canadian Pat-Hie 136V4
Central Leather 64
Crucible tVt
Distillers Securities 43
Erie ,. ., 14 Vi
Goodrich 42 Vi
General Mjtors '. 118
Industrial Alcohol 121
Lackawanna 77
Maxwell 26
Marine k. 24 W
Marine, Pld a 2
Midvale 46
Mexican Petroleum 92
X. Y. Central 6!
Northern Pacific 83
Reading 73
Rubber 52
Kep. S eel 7SV.
Studebaker 38
Steel K'J'i
Steel, Pfd I 109
St. Paul
Southern Pacific ...
Sinclair
Texas Oil
38".
82.
26
Union Pacific 117
U. S. Marines uGVi
BOSTON
Adventure
1
50
1
jt7
. 4u3
Aliouez
Alaika
Arizona Couil.
C. & A
C. ii II
LEASED WIRE.
GGranby 75
Greene Cananea 39
Goldfield 33
Hancock 7Vs
Indiana 85
Inspiration 46
Kennecott 30
Keweenaw , . "
Lake 5V
LaSalle 2
Mohawk 60 Vi
Nevada 18
North Butte 144
.Nippising 814
void Dominion 39
Osceola 54
Pond Creek 18Vi
Quincy 70
Ray Con 2574
Shattuck ;. lC'i
Shannon
Superior Boston 2r
St. Marys 50
Utah Copper 78 Vi
Utah Con PVj
Winona IVi
CURBS
Arizona & Arkansas 7
Arizona Silver King i
Austin Vi
Big Ledge TS
Butte & Ixndon 18
Calumet & Jerome ' Hi
Cornelia 16V4
Con. Arizona 174
Con. Copper 5'i
Cu,nJss 28
Denn .." 21
Frntno " I'
j Kdprn, "n7,
(-.0jj
i Green "Monster' !
'
15
30
Grand Island
Hull
, He,ia
j" l.f c
4
:inBplration Needies'
s
Jerome Verde
,-rnrn ' vw.
I..
OATMAN
(By Collins & Bretherton)
Bid Asked
Argo (5 7
Adams 2
Arizcna Rex 25
Arizona Tcm K 3 5
Gold Ore 39
Boundary Csne 2
Gold Road Bon 4 6
Gold Reed 5
Gold Ciiff 15
Lucky Boy 2
Sunnyside 3 4
Tellurlde 12
Tcm ,R?ed 1.96 1.9ft
United Eastern 4.35 4.50
United Northern 2
United Western 2
Red Lion 25
OTHER CURBS
Gadsden . 3.00
Green Monster 81
Butte London 19
Dundee 87
Venture Hill
Pitts-Jerome 50
Jerome Verde C9
Ark-Arizona 08
Jerome Portland
Ins-Needles 06
Hull Copper 35
Magma Chief 25
Wolverine-Arizona 1.75
Verde Combination .50
Miami Ccnsolidated 05
Nacozari Consolidated ... .45
Verde Apex
Porphyry 70
Calumet & Jerome 1.06
3.0C
.87
.22
.22
.06
1.00
.75
.11
.12
.40
.37
' .62
.10
' "io
.80
1.12
Standard Oil Company to erect sev
eral new buildings and tanks at hand
ler. ! Famous Medium Here
PROF. JERRELL
CLAIRVOYANT ASTROLOGER
At Golden Hotel, Room 14
SPECIAL
Readings This Week, $1.00
TTie rpatrst exponent of Hindu pflopfc?
n America. Thr man with wonderful clair"
voyant power and thr nvt cofiMrirntiotiv ad
srr of any in the profrion. He bringr yon
face to face with fact. Now it you oppor
tunity to consult s true, gifted medium. He
positively tells your name, what it best for
you to do to He successful in bine, lova
affair, what change to make. FTe tellt yon
if the one you love is true or fale and how
to govern ami control your enemies and
friend in fact, how to be successful in
and all affairs of life. Mr. TemU hat a world
wide reputation a'! h the edorerer!t of
the brst neop'e. He girr.i satisfaction.
Every thing is kept ocjcaUaJ.
HIGH NIGHT SCHOOL
MARCH ATTENDANCE
BREAKS ALL RECORDS
Two hundred and four students
were in attendance during the month
of March at the Bisbee high school
night school. This is the highest fig
ure reached during the year.
The attendance tor March exceeded
even that of last September when a
number enrolled and later dropped
out. A. gratltying feature in connec
tion with these figures is that a great
er proportion than usual of those in
school during March had been enroll
ed for some time, a number since last
September, showing that the tendency
to drop out before deriving benefit
from the subjects elected is being ov
ercome, and that the studies are un
dertaken with a more serious pur
pose. One of the factors contributing to
the large attendance is the number
of students taking commercial sub
jects. There were over one hundred
enrolled in these branches during
March. An interesting fact in this
connection is that, on account of the
war, over thirty housewives have been
attending the commercial classes. The
husbands of some ot these women
are likely to be called under the draft
while some of the other housewives
are looking ahead into the more dis
tant future, and preparing for the day
when the draft may leave them to
their own resources.
Aside from Spanish, commercial
and mechanical subjects, the night
school now has a full-fledged French
class wiUi a good attendance. A new
class in shorthand has just been or
ganized with a membership of eight.
This is the only opportunity to begin
this subject to be offered for some
time, and any who are interested
should call at the high school. A class
in English for foreigners, with a
membership of over twenty, is now
held twice a week at the army camp
in Lowell. There is still an oppor
tunity to enter the class in beginning
business English.
URGES SQUATTERS
TO RAISE CROPS
ON VALLEY LANDS
Fully 5,000 acres of land within a
radius of thirty miles of the Warren
district could be cultivated, and could
be made productive of small garden
truck, dry-farm grains, poultry and
pigs. This is the statement of an
Austrian miner in the Bisbee mines,
who himself has a small tract of land
which he is making productive for the
war-term. Owners of this land, he
says, are holding it for speculation.
Instead, they should be cultivating it,
he declares.
"The owners of this land could do
a great deal to assist the government
in this war, if they only would," he
says. "They are all working in the
mines. All are making good wages
each day and week. Everyone could
afford to put a small amount of his
Wages into improvements -of the land.
The result of this program would be
an increase of production in the coun
ty of such grains as milo maize and
kaffir corn, poultry and hogs, and
garden truck."
Most of the lands of this description
declares the Austrian, are held by his
fellow countrymen and other foreign
ers from the central states of Europe.
They have been acquired under the
desert homestead act and similar
homesteading laws, and are held for
future, possilfilaes and speculation.
The character of the land is good in
most instances, the soil is fertile, and
without boulders and stumps, and
crops of the dry-farm variety will
thrive on the claims with a little at
tention. The visitor declared that he has
placed a windmill on his property and
that he is raising several acres 01
small truck and grains. He has in ad
dition a few hogs and a large run of
chickens. - The costs of his improve
ments, he declares, have not taken
the surplus from his salary, and be
has been able while preparing the
land for production to purchase Lib
erty Bonds and lay aside a small sum
In the bank for a rainy day.
"These miners of the district who
are holding their lands for specula
tion," he 6aid. "should assist the gov
ernment at this time. They should
dig walls, erect windmills, put , in
their crops and aid in building up the
production of the country. I have
urged those whom 1 know personally
to follow this plan, and I believe that
the others should be urged to put
their lands to the best of use for the
government in this war."
Richard Glaze, Oph. D.N.L).
Practice Limited to Eye and. Nerve
Disorders.
Phone 156. Office and residence
first house west of Masonic Temple,
Main Street, Bisbee, Arizona.
Glasses fitted by the latest methods.
Piana and Player Piano
Tuning and Repairing
Guaranteed Work
HERBERT GRIBBLE
Resident Tuner.
Phone 631
Closing Out Odds and
Ends in
Douglas Shoes
and other makes, values
up to $5.00, now
$2.50
CARO & COMPANY
20 Brewery Gulch
DR. J.T.EDWARDS
NOWENDORSES IT
Prominent Georgia Physician
Recommends Tanlac to
His Patients.
Dr. J. T. Edwards, of Fayetteville,
Ga.. one 01 lue best known uietuoers
01 nit- uieuical pruiession in toe state
01 ueorgia, makes a bUtemeni mat
wui uuuouoteuiy produce a profound
luiUfosiou inrougnout America.
"In my thirty years of active prac
tice ua a liceiistu puysician 111 tne
stale 01 Georgia,' suya Dr. Eu wards,
"1 nave never seen unytnmg to eqwai
Tauiac as a medicine to prouuee re
sults. 1 near people on all sides tell
ing of the benetus they have derived
iruui its use.
"Tanlac is simply the talk of my
town. I have no nesitancy in recom
mending tne medicine; and as a niat
te'r 01 tact, 1 am prescriuing It for my
patients almost every day.
"Only a tew days ago a well-known
wouiui ot Fayetteville came to me and
told me about the remarkable relief
her c'aughter had gained from the use
of this medicine. She said her daugh
ter bud been confined to her bed tor
three years with what had been pro
nounced pellagra, and that after us
ing lunlac tor a short time she was
able to be about and was on the road
to lecovery.
"Buc this is only instance. People
in all walks of life in and around our
little city are giving similar endorse
ments to the medicine. Seldom a day
passes that someone does not come to
me and say something about the good
result:, they are getting from the use
of Tanlac.
"Several unusual gains in weight
havt been reported by some of our
most prominent people, and I have
treated some stubborn cases of indiges
tion, catarrhal conditions, and organic
disorders and secured splendid results
with Tanlac."
Tanlac is sold in Bisbee by J. M.
Ball, in Douglas by Douglas Drug Co.,
in Paradise by G. A. Walker, in Bowie
by Bowie Drug Store, in San Simon by
J. B. Cooke, in Willcox by A. A. Nich-J
olson, in Lowell by Lowell Drug Co.,
in Gleeson by B. A. Taylor. Adv.
LIBRARY URGES THAT
PEOPLE GIVE BOOKS
TO MEN IN SERVICE
The Copper Queen Library reports
that the people of Bisbee have con
tributed 200 books for the use of sol
diers and sailors, and that more books
are still coming in.
It is hoped that week after week
they will continue to come in steadily
for the men will need books as long
as the war lasts, and the supply must
be constantly replenished. All sta
tions which have been opened for te
receipt of books will be continued in
definitely, and the public is urged to
form the habit ot turning in their new
books as soon as they have read them
In this way, a constant stream ot
fresh books into the camps will bo
assured, and a most effective barrage
established against the blue devils or
loneliness and depression.
All books received will be prepared
for use in accordance with the simple
rules laid down by the Library War
service of the American Library as
sociation, and will be shipped to such
points as the A. L. A. may designate.
The needs of all camps and stations
in this vicinity will be taken care of
first. Most of the books collected
along the Atlantic seaboard will be
shipped to France as rapidly as possi
ble. At least half a million are need
ed there at once, and a constant
stream. of replacements must be main
tained, for the wastage will be very
great. Hence the call for books, books
and more books.
The A. L. A. has built up an organ
ization capable of handling thousands
and thousands. That the books will
be forthcoming cannot be doubted.
UNIFORM IS TICKET
TO PASS CITY CLUB
KI. TASO, Texas. April 13. Olive
drab tnd navy blue are the only cards
necessary for soldiers and sailors to
'beu.iiK to the El Paso Khaki Club,
which is the name of the new club
wliich has been opened here for soi
dierb (f the overseas cavalry division.
I the border patrol district and the fort.
' Few sailors come this far inland but
i those who are passing through are
i urged to use the club while here be
tweeu trains.
Sho-rcr baths have been installed
'for Hit use of the soldiers free of
charge. A reading and writing room
liHi. been fitted up and stationery is
furnished them free. Three pool ta
I bles are also available for their use
I without charge and other recreation
! features are to be installed later. The
'main auditorium, with a Beating capa
city ill 500, has a balcony and a bard-
woo:! floor which is used for soldier
I'lances A kitchen and dining room
has ris-o been fitted up for serving re
lresluucnts.
I A si-ries of entertainments are now
, beiiiK given for the different army
mills encamped here in charge of the
loi tl women's organizations. The au
NliU.iium is offered to all soldier par
ities without charge and a number of
I dunces, smokers and an'titeiir enter
I lainiiients have been scheduled. The
'club was secured aud is managed by
the local War Camp Community Ser-
vice Board.
I
j JtHO.MK-Dr. Walter Harvey Weed
jthe well known milling engineer, bays
I the Green Monster has no new strike,
; but is exploring ore body of low-grade
j material carryiug patches of commer
cial ore.
MINE SWEEPER ASHORE.
WASHINGTON. April 13 The navy
dtspartmen anuouueed tonight that a
mine sweeper weul ashore iu the
storm oit tne Atlantic coast aud Uiu
oue member ot tue crew, J. N. Coo
way, luucmuibi's male, second class,
was washed overboard.
Other vessels hae gone to the mine
sweeper' assistance.
CHANGED WILSON'S SPEECH
ZURICH, April 13. According to
the Mannneim VolesLtiuime, tne Won
Hureau, the semi-ottlUal news ageacy
in Germany omitted two long pages
irom President Wilson's speech, en
iirtly cnanging its character and plac
ing it much in another light.
Legal Notices.
IN THE DISTRICT COURT OF THE
UNITED 8TATES FOR THE DIS
TRICT OF ARIZONA.
In the matter of EAKL N. McKIN-
NEY, Bankrupt.
IN fcANKRUPTCY NO. B-31 (Tucson)
To tho Creditors of Earl N. McKin
ney of Douglas, in the County of Co
chise, District aforesaid, a Bankrupt.
NOTICE is hereby given that on the
11th day of April, 1918, the said Eearl
N. McKinney was duly adjudicated
Bankrupt and that the first meeting of
his creditors will be held at the of
fice ol the undersigned Room 4 Old
Post Office Building, in the City of
Tucson. Arizona, on the 25th day of
April, 1918, at 10 o'clock a. m. tit
which time the said creditors may at
tend, prove their claims, examine the
Bankrupt and transact such other
businesb as may properly come before
said meeting.
Dated at Tucson, Arizona, this 12th
day oJ April, 1918.
F. W. BERNARD,
Referee in Bankruptcy.
Adv. 777
NOTICE
TO PAVING CONTRACTORS
Puisuant to the request and direc
tion of the Common Council of the
City ot Bisbee, Cochise County, Ari
xonu, that advertisement be made for
bids for the paving and Improvement
of that portion of Naco Road, as shown
by the plan and specifications, prepar
ed by J. S. McNelsb. City Engineer,
and on file in the office of the City
Clerk of the City of Bisbee, Arizona,
I hereby request bids for such im
provement. Said bids shall be sealed, and will
be received at the oflice of the City
Clerk, up to 7:00 o'clock, P. M., on the
18th day ot April, 1918.
Each bid shall be accompanied by
check payable to the order of the
Mayor of the City of Bisbee, for an
amount of not less than ten (10) per
centum of the aggregate proposal.
Tec successful bidder to be required
to enter into a contract, to be approv
ed by the Mayor and the Common
Council, to make said improvement,
according to said plans and specifica
tions, at the prices specified In his
said b:a, also a bond for proper main
tenance and holding the City of Bis
bee harmless against any loss or dam
ag3, either by virtue of said improve
ment, notwithstanding proper travel
and usage or accident or loss from in
jury to any person employed in the
construction thereof.
The Mayor and the Common Coun
cil reserves the right to reject any or
all bids
C. A. BAILEY.
Superintendent of Streets.
Adv. 584.
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR
U. S. PATENT
Mineral Survey No. 3387
Serial No. 038239
United States Land Office, Phoenix,
Arizona. March 1, 1918.
Notice Is hereby given: That R. A.
Bretherton and C. M. Henkel, whose
postotfice addresses is Bisbee, Cochise
County. Arizona, have made applica
tion for patent for the following named
lode mining claim, situated In the
Gas Fired Water
For Attaching
to Your :
Range Boiler
Bisbee
Warren Mining District, Cochise Coun
ty, Arizona, in Section 13, unaujicved,
T. 23 S. U. 21 E. G. & S. K B. & M.
described as follows, to-wit:
bUCCESS: Uoginning at Coruer
No. 1, the N. E. corner, wae.ju'9 ihe
Wi4 corner of Section 18, T. 23 S. H.
25-E. U. c S. R. B. & M. bears N. 8'J'
11' E. 294S.8 feet; thenca S V 34' W.
326.41 feet to corner No. 2; thence N.
87" 21' W. 1500 eet to corner No. 3;
thence N. 4' 34' E. 425.3U feet to 4t
ner No. 4; thence S. S3" 34' E. 15M
feet to corner No. 1,. the place of be
ginning, containing a net area r? 7 3J1
acres, expressly excluding area fn con
flict with Survey No. 3117, Bruce Lode
of 3 802 acres, and with Survey No.
3117, Baltic Lode, of, 1.7S3 acres.
The location notice of this claim is
recorded in the oflice of the County
Kecorder of Cochise County, Arizona,
as follows:
SUCCESS Book 49, Records
of Mines, 1'age 138.
The names of the adjoining claims
to this survey are: On the North Sur
vey No. 2176, Corona lode and Survey
No. 3158. Corona lode; on the East
Survey No. 315S, Rolla lode and Sur
vey No. 3117 Baltic lode; on the South
Survey No. 3117 Baltic lode and Sur
vey No. 3117 Bruce lode; on the West
Survey No. 2029 Horse Shoe lode.
J. L. 1RVIN, Register.
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR U.
S. PATENT.
Mineral Survey No. 3384.
U. S. Land Office. Phoenix. Arizona,
February 23. 1913.
Notice ia hereby given that Samuel
Sutcliffe. C. W. Rambo and Carl Smith
whose postoffice addresses are Bisbee,
Arizona, have made application for a
patent for the Winnebago lode mining
claim, situated in Warren Mining Dis
trict, Cochise County, State of Arizo
na, in Sec:ion 7. (unapproved) Town
ship 23, south, range 24 east, Q. & S.
R. B. & M., which claim is described
as follows, to-wit:
Beginning at corner No. 1, the S. E.
corner, whence the U. S. d. M. No. 1.
Warren Mining District bears S. 77
degrees 37 minutes east, 8754.1 feet,
thence S. 61 degrees 26 minutes W.
600.00 feet to corner No. 2, the S. W.
corner, thence N. 5 degrees 24 minutes
east, 1500.00 feet to corner i. , the
N. W. corner, thence N. 61 degrees 26
minutes E. 600.00 feet to corner No. 4,
the N. E, corner, thqnce s. 5 degrees
24 minxes 1500.00 feet to corner No.
1, the place of the beginning, contain
ing net area ot 17.136 acres.
The location notice of this claim is
recorded in the County Recorder's of
fice, Cochise Couuty, State of Arizona,
as follows: Book 42, Record of Mines,
at page 43j.
The names ot the adjoining claims
are: North, Blue Bird, unsurveyed,
owned by the Copper 'Queen Con. Mg.
Company; East, Bisbee Queen, unsur
veyed, owned by C. W. Rambo: South.
White Bird, nnsi'-rveyed. owned by H.
W. Clarkson anc N. L. Hayden; W est,
Silver Lead, unsurveyed, owned by C.
W. Rambo.
J. L IRVIN', Register.
First publication Feb. 28, 191S.
NOTICE OF THE APPLICATION OF
THE BISBEE-WARREN COPPER
COMPANY FOR A UNITED STATES
PATENT
Mineral Survey No. 3389.
U. S. Land Office, Thoenix, Ariz
March 4. 1918.
T otice is hereby given that the Bis-bee-Warren
Copper Company, a cor
poration organized and existing under
the laws ot the State of Arizona, with
its principal office at the city of Bis
bee. by its president and secretary,
thereunto duly authorized by resolu
tion of its board of directors, has made
explication for patent for the following
named lode mining claims, situated in
the Warren Mining District of Cochise
County, State of Arizona, approximate
ly in Section 13. Township 23 S.. Range
2 E., (unapproved) and Section 18.
Towris!".!p 23 S., Range 25 E.. described
as follows:
WARREN "Beginning at Cor. No.
1. the S. E. Cor , whence the W. M.
Cor. of Sec. IS. T 23 S.. R 25 E.. U. A
S. R. B. & M.. brs. S. 72 42' E. 2425.1
ft., thence N. 77 57' W. 1496.0 feet to
Provides abundant supply of
hot water at reasonable cost.
Call at our store and ask for
demonstration, or make re
cucst for representative to call
upon you.
Improvement Co.
Cor. No. 2, the S. W. Cor., thenca N.
li" uz' k.. 000 feet to Lor. No. 3, the
IN. Yv Cor., tn-.uce S. 77 57' E. 146
lett to cor. No 4, the N. E. Cor,
induce S. 11 02' W. boo feel to Cor.
m. 1, tue piacd of the beginning, con
laiuiuj a net urea ot 11.4 1 acres ex
pirbtti excluding area in contact with
oiu vey No. SLo, Holla loUn ot 7.511
i,iti, ana wita survey No. 3374, KocK
iiid joue of l.t13 acr."
LibtijE "Beginning at Cor. No. 1,
tii a. K. Cor., whence tne W 4 Cor.
ot Sec 18, T. 23 b., K. 2i E., O. it S.
H L. t M. bra. 6. 64' 20' E. 943.4 It.,
tueuce N. 77" 67' W. 1498 teet to Cor.
No 2, the S. W. Cor., thence N. 11
02' K 6uu teet to Cor. No. 3, the N. W.
Cor., thence S. 77" ai' E. 14js feet to
Cur. No. 4, me N. E. Cor, thence S. 11
M'j' W. boo teet to Cor. No. 1, the
place ot the beginning, containing a
uci area 01 20.630 acres.
itEI itUCK "Beginning at Cor. No.
1 tut a. E. Lor., thence N. TJ' 53 XV.
146u.o feet to Cor. No. 2, the S. W.
Cor, thence N. 4" 33' W . 4o6.70 teet
tc Cor. No. 3, the N. W. Cor, thence S.
tT 57' E. 1496.70 feet to Cor. No. 4,
the N. E. Cor, thence S. 24 32' E.
34a 30 feet to Cor. No. 1, the place ot
the beginning, a net area ot 7.504
acies, expressly excluding area In con
tact witn Survey No. 3i37 Jack Pot
No. 3.
CARBONATE "Beginning at Cor.
No. 1, the N. E. Cor, whence the W M
Cor. ot Sec. 18, 1. 23 S, K. 25 E, G. &
S. 1L B. & M. brs. S. 59 54' E. 717.3
teet. thence S. 2" 24' W. 1485.50 feet
to Cor. No. 2, the S. E. Cor, thence N.
77 57' W. 532.30 feet to Cor. No. 3.
the S. W. Cor, thence N. 0 52' E. 600
fe-.t to Cor. No. 4, thence S. 73 09' E.
27 30 teet to Cor. No. 5. thence N. 13
47' E. 597.80 feet to Cor. No. 6, thence
N. 73 09' W. 40 feel to Cor. No. 7.
thtnee N. 24 32' W. 345.30 feet to
Cor. No. 8, the N. W. Cor, thence S.
77" 57' E. 600 feet to Cor. No. 1. the
place of the beginning, net area ot
9.6;-l acres, expressly excluding area
in conflict with Sulphide lode' ot this
survey ot 1.532 acres and with Survey
No 3390 Nancy Hanks lode ot 5.744
acres.
SULPHIDE beginning at Cor. No.
1, the S. E. Cor, whence the W. M
Cor. of Sec. 18, T. 23 S, R. 25 E, G.
S. K B. & M. brs. N. 87 04' W. 694.7
feet, tnence N. 34 32' W. 1463.50 feet
to Cor. No. 2, the S. W. Cor, thence N.
2" 24' E. 300 feet to Cor. No. 3, thence
X 11 02' E. 300 teet to Cor. No. 4,
the N. W. Cor., thence S. 77 57' E.
597 teet to Cor. No. 5, thence S. 86 34'
E 838 feet to Cor. No. 6, the N. E.
Cor. thence S. 2 24 W. 559.90 feet
to Cor. No. 1. the place of the begin
ning, containing a net area of 18.456
acres.
COPPER WEDGE Beginning at
Cor No. 1, whence the W. li Cor. ot
Sec. 18. T. 23 S, R. 25 E, G. S. R. B.
& M, brs. N. 81 55' W. 157.9 feet,
thence S. 66 17' W. 882.30 teet to
C01 No. 2. the S. W. Cor, thence N.
2 24' E. 464.30 teet to Cor. No. 3, the
N. W. Cor, thence N. 84 46' E.
121O.S0 feet to Cor. No, 4. the N. E.
Cor., thence S. 2" 24' W. to Cor. No. 6.
th S. E. Cor, thence M. 88 65' -W.
437.70 feet to Cor. No. 1, the place of
the beginning, containing a net area of
4.94 acres, expressly excluding area
in ccnflict with Sulphide lode, this sur
vey of 3.257 acres."
The lecatien notices ot these claims
are recorded in the County Recorder's
oflice. Cochise County as follows:
Warren Book 53. Page 423.
Bisbee Book .3, Page 426.
Red Rock Book 53. Page 425.
Sulphide Book 53. Page 425.
Copper Wedge Book 53. Page 421.
Carbonate Book 53. Page 422.
The names of the adjoining claims
are: North Survey, No. 2413 Mayflow
er. Golden Gate, Juniper and Wedge
lodes. East Survey No. 2425, Delta
lode South Survey No. 3390, Golcon
da. Sunshine and Nancy Hanks lodes.
Survey No. 3137. Jack Pot No. 1. and
Jack Pot No. 3 lodes. Survey No. 315.
Hoila lode. Survey No. 3374. Rockland
loae. West, Survey No. 3374. Rock
land lode, Anna lode unsurveyed.
owned by R. A. Bretherton and C. M.
Hecfcel.
J. L. IRVIN. Register.
First Publication March 8. 1913.
Last Publication May 17. 1918.
Heater
ii !
lii
i;i 1
i! 1
I! m
log THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, APRIL 14, 1918.
SIX
hmob old amm
III PASS CITY ISiM
: pany
ALIVE ONE N!GHTiT!RE salesman has
ol tile I'llot I. UMe IN'ia is iiowins un-r
iir. with the bitts ;
sand. No on can I
of the probable pro-!
(MrMOIl. 1 ne ffpun was cnniiuim
e head driller for the Midwest
Refining company, which is operating
fanes of the Clenroek till om-
pany in the snnie district.
THIS MAT. BE TYPE OF GERMAN MONSTER GUN
11
McGintys' Non-Existent for'
VARIED EXPERIENCE
bers of Pioneer Days.
Many Years, Open Doors mi a. C. Strark, of the firm of Hyde
. m Strjck. Johnson, Addition, hits been
Reunion to Surviving Vlem-irCnnerted with the lubb-r tire indus
try for many years, bavins represented
the Automobile Tire company of New
York fcr ten years and for eight years
was manager of th San Fram-isco
and San Dieeo branches of the above
company. During his connection vith
this concern, who are jobbers in dif
ferent lines of tires. He has sold
practical'- every standard make cn
the market.
In speaking of the Unite Slates
tires, Mr. S'rack says "We nave
hosen this line of tiros because, un-
E! TASO. Tex., April 13. Presi
dents and prize-fighters, ministers and
liiui.tc dealers were entertained by tne
!a:mi: old .1 Uimy ilub of El Paso,
which has l"'!i non exisiant for many
;. .-lira but wl.ich h!d a reunion of the
surviving u.em! rs recently.
In the frontier iays when Kl Paso
.. - ...,,1 uqtAiiiw n.L-oi
V iU V. Hit- ai:u .1u'"1 ...... .... -..ill
. losed. there was a club which was d.-r tne most severe ronuiuu.,, -.1.
organized tor raml.Iinjf. cara playing ! Rive the utmost in mileage. My past
and drinking. It was so expensive j experience with this make of tire
tn-.t few but pjmbl.-rs and saloon ' proves this. It is also the uleal lire
owners could belong. This was called I for the Arizona roads; it will not cut
the t actus club To provide amuse- or chip, having a tounh and pliable
noiit for the men of the little border! tread, and Is l"ss inclined to wear
i,raT. w hn could not belong to the ex-! than harder treads.
The adjustments on United States
tires are made at this firm's sales
room promptly, eliminating a wasts
of time and trouble to the consumer.
Besides handling the United Slates
tires and tubes this firm carries a
complete line of kills, greases and
auto supplies.
GATES SOLE TIRES
FIND READY SALES
In spite of Inclement weather which
has prohibited exenslve automobile
traffic, sales of the Gates Half Sole
Tires have increased materially since
I h-3 first of the year, according to J.
O. Main, proprietor of the Iwell
Motor company, local distributors.
With war times here, motorists cri
rutting down expenses by purchasing
the Cates Half Sole, according to Mr.
Main, and scores of local motor car
owners are averaging m excess
6,000 miles.
1
v - ..... vt ;
1 '
Watch Your Blood Supply,
Don't Let Impurities Creep In
Ture Wood Means Perfect
Health.
i
The average druggist lias handled
hundreds of medicines in his day,
rcme of which have long since been
forgotten.
But there 13 one that has hee.n sold
1 y the druggists throughout this
cojntry, for More than fifty yea&.s,
und that is S. S. S the reliable blood
medicine, that is purely vegetable.
Many druggists have seen wonderful
results accomplished amonsr their
customers by this great old medicine,
and they know that S. S. S. is one of
the most reliable blood purifiers ever
made. Keep your blood frcj of im
purities by the u:e of thij honest old
medicine, and if you want medical
advice, you can obtain same wiihout
cost by writing to Medical Director,
Swift Snectfic Co., L"i Swifi
tory, .'Junta, C.
elusive organization, the Mc'Jinty club
a t'lganized among the le.ss prosper
ous rcfidents of the settlement.
The open meetings of this club be
came famous throughout the west and
MeGir.ties were known in the east.
When, President Harrison visited El
I'aso thf. .McGinty club acted as an es
cor for the presidential party, firing
Fix shooter salutes as they" galloped
lown the one main street. When Bob
Kitzsimmons came here to train in
Juarez for one of his fights, he was
the guest of honor at a McGinty club
entertainment.
The government, wishing to test the
the. 1:5- that the discharge of high ex
j.lotives attached to balloons would
causn rainfall, sent scientists here to
ronctut a series of experiments. They
fired tons of explosives from the peak
of : unt Franklin and from the taili
of kites and captive balloons. Not a
cloud appeared in the sky. Just as the
scientists were preparing to returjj)
east the McGinty club staged a special
iiteriaiiiMK nt for the "rainmakers."'
as the scientists were called locally.
Tbey occupied the seats of honor un
der the eaves of the clubhouse and
watclieo a member dressed as an In
l:an medicine man do a rain dance. A
the conclusion of this dance the rain
came from a garden hose in the
hands of the perpetual president of
tba club who sat astride the roof and
sprinkled the "rainmakers."
Tie McGinty club boasted of its ar-
VI?-1.?,: th . -Wlllard storage batteries are stand
wAntrJ; WA, hne hecluh met and nrd equipment on almost every auto-
i.i,M mcbile built in America." said Man
At the coiiunar'dT "Generals to t:.e ager Wright of the Wlllard Service
froi:t." half the command would ad-, PUtioii 1 al ; Uowell yesterday ' f'ternoon.
. ....... ,u fri- .miiii "Manufarturera select the W illar l be-
1.-:.. .. ..r tk .n..ininv momiwra ! cause it is recosTilzed as America's!
Captains and lieutenants would aa
vane upon command until only one
lone man remained in the rank. He
would advance the command of
"privates to the front." and would hob
ble cp and salute, having but one leg
and a dented helmet. This drill al
ways delighted -the visitors from the
east and "Peg" Grendover, the enlist
ed i.ernonnel of the McGinty club ar
my, was always the most popular mem
ler of the club.
Tim McGinty claims the honor of fir
ing tnc lirst narrage ever snimn, uii
Klectro-ihagnetic irun capable of hurling shelfe from forty to sixty miles.
The monster gun pictured in the sketch above is thought to be a close resembW to JJcy-JJ- - b.
the Germans in bombard.np Fans irom me s. u . .. . pwft0.matrn;ito DOWer and
l,"o practical tests were made of t by tne govexa-
patent office in 1915 by Prof. Kristian Birkeland. a Swce.
rough it a torrent of giant explosive shells can be throws
WOMEN DEFY DISTANCE
5 1 1 7 T T
Garces - Hereford Red Cross Patriotism
wt 1 i X X 1
ANSWER NATION CALL
Here is one instance where patriot-! fits for the little tots of France and
km rnr no distances, where the call. Belgium: another is making pateh-
of the United States has been heard ! work comforts from hospital garment
room at Don Luis. Miss Hazel Judsnn
of the Don Luis first primary w ill be i
transferred to the Central kindergar-l
ten. I
The school hoard mpt on Saturday
April 6.. and organized bf electing Dr.;
C. S. Hunt as president. C. A. McDon-,
aid as secretary and E. E. Whiteley.j
member. j
Beginning April IS, the State Teach-j
ers' Association convention will be
held in Tucson at the University. The!
meeting will continue one week, and
tJie subject for discussion will be vo-(
rational education. The following;
Bisbee teachers will attend: Miss,
McCall, music supervisor; Miss Gregg'
even into the furthest recesses of the ! scraps-comforts for the beds of the .
.i i 1 l,d-' E.nni. on Ttolirinn a-nimilcjt and for ! primary supernsur
IWILLURD BATTERIES
STANDARD EQUIPMENT
mountains, where horse and buggy
anj the trusty Tin Lizzie answer to;
the summons of the Red Cross, and
of 'the spirit of Americanism is reinforc
I ed, born up, and magnified by the'
i spirit of the pioneer. Here is cue in-'
i stance of service which is beyond tl:e,
I personal 'which is national. Here is
an instance of Red Cross appeal an-
swered despite weather, roads ana j
French and Belgian wounded and for
the hospitals of the American Red
Cross units. Others are turnin? out
bed socks, bed shirts, fracture pillows
treasure bags, comfort kits, wash
cloths, and similar articles so handy
and valuable to the soldier In the;
trenches.
Raise Some' Funds
During the cast month, the organ I-
stiU
iiistnneps. ; zation has raised approximately
The instance is the Garces-Hereford ' for the purchase of sirpplies and other
Auxiliary of the Red Cross Society.
It is the premier organization of Co
chise county one of the most pro
ductive and active, and one handi
capped by every natural and unnat
ural clement.
Distance Handicap
Greatest of the handicaps of the
Garces-Hereford chapter is distance
X!L "fJ??. ! Eighty members enrolled their
users backs up this assertion.
eluded Mr. Wright.
VULCANIZING PLANT
names on the books of the chapter.
! They live at great distances from one
j another. They are scattered through
out the San Pedro river valley and
j the Huachuca mountains. Good roads
,' nnrl hnri roads lead from their homes
II J O I DPC DIICIMCCC to the valley, from the valley to Here
MAa LAnUt DUI lLOOiford. Five school districts. Carr.
Garces, Hererora, raiomoiuia aui i-un ;
lins. are active in their attendance i
and work for the chapter. They tra
vel sometimes as far as fifteen or
twenty miles to attend the meetings
and to do their share of the war work.
"Business was never better," said
Manager Tat- of the Western Vulean-
...siisn. th-.t iw uoiilrl not have rec : izine Shop yesterday. "We are vul-
ognUed it by that name when it lian- cauizing and repairing dozens of tires j jrosperous ranchers and cattle peo
. .ft .1 ......t.i i, ,.ini cverv 1 av In mlditinn to Kellintr mallv 1 1 lu p " . .
penej. neii iney ij.ui . ' - . .. tile-, homesteaders, squatters anu ev-
alw-ys dressed in linen .lusters, bigrt ct me tamous itupuouc i.res. ..io- - uh( lives in ,he ,,istri(.t ,ulitM
.e-treaded before rushing to purchase 1 nieetii.S.s of the society arc
Filjc bats anil carried canes. 1 nev
were supplied with roinan candles
from a supply wagon as they marched
and wr.uld fire these along the street.
One nU'ht a spark fell among the re
serve candles, touched them off and
the entire supply was fired at the
same time. This, the surviving Mc
Ginty club meinlicrs claim, was the
firs', barrage in history.
CAPTAIN SCHWAB IS
held at the most centrally located
i home of the district which is inc
j in the chapter. This is the home ot
i Mrs. G. J. McCabe, the chairman ol
1 the chaDter. At these weekly meet
HI! I Cn Tfl MnnXI COIings work which has been completed
UHLLLU IU HUUMLLU
CENTER OIL COMPANY
OPENS PAYING WELL!
Captain Schwab, for the post five
; months in command of company L of
(the Thirty-third Infantry stationed at
('amp Lowell, has been called in to
' headquarters at Nogales for service
'Many good friends in the Warren Iil-1 tended.
Reports circclated in Denver yes-trlct will stncerely regret nis aepan
terday concerning- the bringing in ofiure. His soldierly conduct and bear
nn oil well on the Center Oil com-jing here, and his modest manner and
pany's property, were received in Bis- efficient handling of camp and men
I Is received and prepared for shipment
' new and additional work is assigned
j members and materials are distrib
uted. This meeting is augmented by
' the regular monthly business meeting
! which is held at the home of Mrs. C.
I M. Johnson, acting secretary and
' treasurer, when the finances and
j other b'usiness of the chapter is at-
bee last niyht bv Frederick Overfield. I won for hi ma unqualified O. K. in
who represeuts the American Oil Ex- this border city, where there are so
ploration company, w hich has extans- many hard judges of manhood. Trained
ive holding in this particular Wyotu- to tne minute are ttje company Lt ooys.
Work Is Varied
Members of the chapter are doing
an even more varied and interesting
work than are many of the larger
chapters of the county, including soran
in l isbee and the Warren District.
Thirty members are knitting, and
among the many articles which they
lng field. Their bayonet drill Is a dream, rue 1 have turned oui are eye nanuage.
The report from Denver was to the little captain was a glutton lor worn. , mufflers, tnumoiess miueus. sot us,
effect that the well of the Center and a strict dlsiplinarlan for all his sweaters, wristlets, and helmets. One
OH company In the extreme east end quiet end unassuming manner. , group of workers Is making baby out-
necessities through varied activities
and throueh unlimited ijork and at
tention. The largest sum was real
ized from a, dance given recently at
the Garces school house, when 53G.S5
was taken in and turned over to the;
chapter's treasurer. A little later a
club of young people at Hereford,
stirred by the efforts iof the chapter
to do their share of the work assigned
gave another dance. This added $15
to tho treasury. A merchant within
the radius of the chapter's activities
heard of their work and of their ef
forts to raise funds with which to
prosecute the work. He immediately
set up a fund for their benefit, and
each cent which he made through the
snle of old bottles was given the
chanter. This has resulted in $8.80
1 more in the Auxiliary's treasure box.
! But activities do not end with the
i women. In the five school districts
I of Carr. Garces. Hereford. I'alomonas
I and Phillips junior auxiliaries have
i been organized. The young people
I are knitting five-inch souares. making
I scran books, and clipping for ambu
lance pillows. The men and boys are
actively interested and several have
lude.1 ! contributed to the efforts of the chap
ter tlirougll uiv iiiaiiuint iui - ti
from the mountain woods.
Following is a list of articles made
by the members and sent to the head
quarters chapter during March:
.1C Knitted Eye Bandages
13 Knitted Mufflers
24 prs. Knitted Thtmibless Mittens
20prs. Knited Socks
5 Knitted Sweaters
6 prs. Knitted Wristlets
2 Knitted Helmets
9 prs. Bed Socks 1
11 Bed Shirts
21 Fracture Pillows
2 Handkerchiefs
24 Treasure Bags (cretonne)
58 Table Napkins
4 Tray Cloths
12 1'tility tor comfort) Kits
148 Washcloths (converted
24 Knitted Washcloths..
1 Comfort Pillow
Mr. Laurenson,
or the high school, Mr. Snider and
Mr. Phllbrook. 'Mr. Philbrook Is aj
member of the executive committee j
of the association, and Mr. Snider and
Miss Gregg will appear on the pro-j
gram. 1
During the past week, many teach-1
ers and pupils have been out with the
grippe, and the superintendent has j
had considerable trouble In finding !
enough substitute teachers to go 1
around.
DEDICATE SWIMMING POOL
FORT BLISS. Tex., April 13. On a
bronze plate which has been imbedded
in the concrete of the new soldiers
swimming pool now being completed
here. Is the legond: "Presented to the
soldiers of the El Paso patrol district
by the City ot El Paso through thn
War Ccmp Community Service board"
Thi.4 swimming pool was built at a
cost cf $3,000 and will be dedicated
soon with a series of water tourna
ments for soldiers and civilians.
JEROME The report of Supt. J. P.
Harper of the Jerome Verde Copper
company for the week ending March
12, shows that 356 feet of diamond
drilling and 143 feet of drifting and
cross-cutting were completel during
that week.
Quit Throwing Away Your
Old Tires
They are worth dollars to you in extra, mileage which we can build in
ihem. Our vulcanizing and retreading department is in charge of an
expert and all work is absolutely guaranteed to give satisfaction.
Some day you will buy Cates Half Sole Tires. Why not stop at
our garage and have our mechanic equip your car with these money-
saving casings. Hundreds of your neighbors in the : Warren District
are getting over 6000 miles to the casing and the original cost is small
when compared to (he price of a new standard tire.
Lowell Motor Company
LOWELL
J. O. MAIN, Proprietor
PHONE 738
School Notes
On Wednesday, the Juniof high
school moved from the Central build
ing to the Horace Mann school on
Quality Hill, two hundred and ten
strong. The following teachers will
be in charge:
J. B. Potter, principal; Maude Per
ry. English; Irene Fitzgerald. History;
Jean Quinn, Music, Drawing. Penman
ship; Mrs. Bardwell, Reading; Mrs.
Hardin, Mathematics.
In the Central school the following
are the teachers with their enroll
ment:
Edna Newman, Principal.
Ann Bihler, Departmental, 103
Rena Albrisht 34
Venlta Rose 33
Yda Paff 44
Maude Trazil 42
Floy Chancey 40
Margaret McConaughty 40
Jessie Ross B0
Jennie Warren - 64
Mrs. .Riddle 50
Iva Perry 41
Oma Weseott ., 33
Florence Buckett 49
Edna Thompson 38
Kindergarten - 62
Total 713
Miss Wilha Hamilton of Saybrook.
111., arrived Thursday evening and on
I Monday w ill take the first primary ,
FISK
TIRES
The New Black Tread
30x3, Non-skid $14.10
30x3 Non-skid $18.30
32x3. Non-skid $21.40
31x4, Non-skid $28.00
33x4, Non-skid $29.85
34x4, Non-skid $30.65
35x4V2. Non-skid $43.10
Fully Guaranteed
Adjustments Made at
our salesroom. Come in
and see them.
We also see the famous
"ROYAL
CORD"
Hyde & Strack
Next to
Borderland Garage
Phone 859 Phone 859
Johnson Addition
AUTO SUPPLIES
VULCANIZING
We Have Just
A Big Shipment of the
Famous
Mcdo i.T Iks Si'fcri CJ-ci T.czi
Republic tires are made by the wonderful Pro
dium Process which reduces friction to a mini
mum. Republic tires are constructed to give
thousands of miles of real, service to owners,
over all kinds of roads.
Call at our shop and let us show you the
rugged thread and its great tensile strength
and then let us equip your car with Republic
tires.
W esiern
canizing
Ytt!
JOHNSON ADDITION
Our Vulcanizing and Retreading Facilities are the Best
In the Warren District
A.
MM
i
What the Threads Are For
Every one of the 196,000 threads in the
Threaded Rubber Insulation of the Still Better
Willard has a definite mission.
. Every thread allows free passage to the battery
solution. Through this multitude of tiny paths
. the chemical action which means a good, strong
current goes on with perfect freedom,
i No insulation ever used has equalled hard
.' 'rubber in ability to resist every-day wear and
tear. No method of conducting current through
the hard rubbVr has the efficiency of the tiny
threads. And the combination is found only in
the Still Better Willard Battery. Let us tell
you more about this insulation and the battery
that uses it. . ..
LOHMAN & WRIGHT
Central Theatre Building - - Lowell
Copvrtgh. KidiRd. 191 THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, APRIL 14, 1918.
y
(
-1
j
A
- 4
I
i
4
!
i
Advertisements
Advertisements
Male Help Wanted ForSale
WANTED Truck gardener to work FOit SALE Cheap, Cash or terms,
on shares. Everything furnished. four rooms, big lot, fine location, two
Apply P. L. Savage, Geu. Del., Bis- doors from old school. C. Damne,
bee. 624 Warren. 7S4
WANTED Bell boy. Copper Queen FOR SALE Buick light six, excellent
Hotel. 766 shape-. See car at Bisbee Auto Co.
790
WANTED Boy about 17 or 18 years
ola to rack balls In pool hall. Bob FOR SALE Practically new Overt-
TatPS Pool hall, Lowell. 799 and car model 90, run 500 miles. In-
quire Geo. Snell, Tombstone Canyon.
WANTED White cook from May 1st 793
to middle of July. Good wages for
first class work. Mrs. Ellinwood, FOR SALE Best located rooming
Claut-en Hill. Phone 77. 805 houoc in Bisbee. Clean and well
furnished, clearing $150 and up per
WAX! ED A boy 16 or 18 years of month. WUl sacrifice for quick
agr who is desirous of learning the aeai Address Y. B., Review. 801
i...' goods business. Small salary
i-.-rt. Inquire "The Fair" store. FOit SALE One 16 rooming house
772 centrally located. This is a bargain
' for an experienced party. C. H.
Lt,.S actual auto repairing, book- Hogan, next to Copper Queen hotel,
keeping, shorthand, radio engineer- g03
tog. Young Men's Christian Asso- .
ciation, Los Angeles. Catalog free. FOR SALE Five room furnished
230 house. Laundry Hill. Call Red 805.
. 806
Female Help Wanted n o,it .
FOR SALE Agency for hair goods
WANTED Waitress. Mrs. Raby, and accessories. Wish to sell a
School Hill. 745 account of having to leave Bisbee
permanently. Phone 559. 739
WANTED First class waitress, no
other need apply. Mrs. L. S.
riil, Warner Dining Room.
Mer
769 WANTED Maid for general house
work Phone 17. 610
Positions Wanted
CAPABLE, experienced stenographer
and office assistant desires position.
Addles A. T., Review. 713
For Sale
FOR SALE Old papers 25 cents pr
bundle: Review office.
FOR SALE 4 room house and 5 room
house all improvements. Warren
Apply McDougall, contractor, oppo
site Lincoln School, Tombstone Can
you. Phone Green 728. 15
FOR SALE Three room house, furn
ished. Call at 45C O. K. street,
bad: of Union House. 622
FOR SALE Six
house, also lot,
BakerviUe.
room furnished
50 chickens. 22
716
FOR SALE OR RENT Eight rtom
lurnished house with one tcio id-iitt-M
with fruit trees. All ujo.lem
conveniences, 7c car to Los An
geles. I. E. Meedeney, General Del
ivery, Bisbee. 715
FOR SALE Rooming house, six
rocn:s, good furniture, privilege of
renting house. Apply Los Angeles
gr-icery. Brewery Gulch., 742
FOR. SALE Five room house. Lock
linft avenue, gray house above, Mrs.
PUi I brook Humphries, Tombstone
Canyon. 768
FOR SALE OR RENT 160 acres,
good five room house, two good
wells ever lasting water, about 35
acres in cultivation, nice orchard.
Out buildings and fences about 7
mi!s from Lowell. Apply P. O.
Box 866, Warren, Ariz. 746
TYPEWRITER PAPER, good bond,
paper, 81-2x11, at $1.00 per 500
sheets. Review Job Dept.
TYPEWRITER PAPER, good bond,
paper, 81-2x11, at $1.00 per 500
sheets. Review Job Dept.
FOR SALE Pure bred white and
brown leghorn chicks, $12.50 per
100. Send $2 per 100 with order,
will ship C. O. D. Forester's Hat
chery, Route No. 3, Phoenix, Ariz.
FOR SALE Chevrolet car, run one
thousand five hundred miles. Barg
ain, see car, 93A Youngblood Hill.
743
FOR SALE Uncalled for suit?.
Levin Tailoring Co., Lowell.
M
004
RULED INDEX CARDS 5x3 inchet.,
for sale at Review Job Department.
315
FOR SALE New three room house.
nifKli :rn. Tombstone ( anyon, nuan
Castle Rock. A good buy. C. IL
H'jin, below Copper Qu-'i hotel.
712
FCP. SALE A Studebaker lour tyl-iadL-t
touring car like n-jv. Four
pool tables, one show case. Inifiire
of C Booth, Don Luis. 714
FOR SALE Furniture of three rooms.
Apply I. W. Wallace. 794
PETEY DINK-Sweet Peas Ought to Save a Lot of Sugar
DAILY REVIEW WANT ADS
under this bead at the rate of 1 cent per word each lasue, with a minimum charge of 25 cents
must reach The Review office not later than 8 p. m. for insertion in next morning s paper.
FOR SALE Small transient house, 21
O. K. Street, next to Bisbee Improve
ment Co. 452
FOR SALE Buick six, 7 passenger,
absolutely first class condition. Cord
tires, two extra. Best buy in dis
trict. Borderland Garage, Johnson
Addition. 718
FOR SALE: Household goods.
Mason HilL F. W. Shernan.
112
750
FOR SALE Seven room house closa-
in, in good condition. Large yard.
. JlufO cash, balance monthly.
Four room bouse and furniture,
South Bisbee. $150, balance easy.
Two room house. Moon Canyon,
550, $300 cish.
Three room modern house, new
house on car line. $750 cash,
Tombstone Canyon.
Four loom modern bouse and furni
ture, new house. Lot fenced, gar
age. A bargain. $1600 cash, bal
ance terms. Apply to M. C. High.
721
FOR SALE: Six room house witli
bath, screen porch, large yard.
Quarry Canyon. $500 to $600 will
handle, balance like rent. Will
sacrifice for quick sale. Apply Mc
Dougall, Tombstone Canyon, op
posite Lincoln school. Phone
Green 728. 667
FOR SALE House in Warren, six
rooms, ail conveniences, large lot,
70x100, one block from car line and
post office. Bargain. Box 695,
Warren, Arir. 684
FOR SALE: Used car, model 80, Ov
erland A-l condition mechanically,
good tires, extra casings, driven
7500 miles. Call at Review office.
693
FOR SALE Modern home, 4 rooms
and bath, Warren, terms. C. H. M ,
Review. 267
IF YOU WANT A HOME I will sell
you the lot and build you a house.
Terms to suit purchaser. Wm. Mc-
, Dougal, contractor and builder
Tombstone Canyon opp. Lincoln
School. Phone Green 728. 479
FOR SALE Five passenger Ford
touring car, 1916. Johnson Addi
tion, upstairs Johnson's store. R
II. Hansen. 621
FOR SALE One
five room house,
modern, centrally
partly furnished
located up Tombstone Canyon. Party
leaving, wishes to sell at once. A
bargain. Apply C. H. Hogan, below
Copper Queen hotel. 631
For Rent
FOR RENT Two light liousekeeplng
rooms. Mrs. Grace Williams. Claw
sen Hill. 687
FOR RENT Garage in Warren. In
quire M. Moore, Phone 437. 625
FOR RENT Two story building, with
larne basement, suitable for whole
sale bouse or btorage and warehouse
business. In center of Bisbee bust-!
Pcsj district. Rent reasonable. Ap-.
ply tisbee Daily Review. 542 t
FOR RENT Four rooms.
Slag Club Building.
Call
at '
41 i
FOR .KENT Large furnished house
keeping or batching rooms, no hills.
Custom House. Phone Green 696.
73
For Rent
FOR RENT Four
home, Winwood
& Seed.
room furnished
Addition. Hogan
615
FOP KENT Three room house Tomb-
stone Canyon, opposite Barnum stop.
John Charon. 747
FOR RENT Furnished two room cab
in, suitable for bachelors or man
and wife. Cheap rent. W. R. John
son, Warren. 748
FOR RENT Two housekeeping rooms
49 O K. street. 749
FOR FENT Two housekeeping
rooms, 108 Upper Lowell. 751
For RENT Furnished housekeeping
apartments. 189 Tern by Avenue, one
block north High School. 770
TYPEWRITER PAPJCK, good bond,
paper, 8 1-2x11, at $l.j ior ioo
sheets. Review Job Dept.
FOR KENT Two batching and sleep
ing rooms, close in, near High school
0-127 School HilL 809
FOR SALE OR RENT Furniture of
four rooms to man that works tor
C. A A. company, 16 BakerviUe.
Phone 283.
188
FOR RENT Furnished three room
house. Call at Bob Elliots, next
door to Dr. Bledsoe. 807
FOR RENT Large housekeeping
rocui close in. 146 Claw son avenue,
back of Locke Apartments. 806
FOR RENT Two furnished rooms for
light housekeeping. No. 20 Curve St.,
opposite Convent. 789
FOR. KENT Three furnished house
keeping rooms. 76 Jiggenville. 792
FOR RENT Large furnished house
keeping or batching rooms, no hills.
Cuptom House. Phone Green 696.
810
Furnished Rooms
FOR RENT Two furnished rooms
with water for man and wife, $21.00.
J. E. Cain, Meti stop. 261
RULED INDEX CaRDS 5x3 lnchec,
for sle at Review Jab Department.
315
MOOSE HOTEL Furnished
$2.00 per week and up.
rooms
377
FOR KENT Quiet room, 104 Young
blood Hill. Mrs. Lanoy. 619
FOR RENT Nice furnished front
rocm, private entrance. 153 Timby
Ave. . First house north Bilgay
house. 657
FOR RENT Two furnished rooms, no
bills, well water, large yard, and
sewing machine furnished. No chil
dren, 433 Wood Canyon. 787
FOR RENT Furnished
Opera, Drive.
rooms.
170
800
Miscellaneous
BAB V CHICKS shipped safely. Mac
Farlane White Leghorns (Laying
strain) $12.00 per 100. Barred
Rocks, R. I. Reds, Anconas. Black
Minorcas, White Mlnorcas, Buff Leg
horns, Brown Leghorns, Dubois
- hite Orpingtons, Hatching Eggs
all breeds. Special prices on Brood-
- ers. D'. E. Doke, 743 So. Los An
geles St., Los Angeles. Calif. 786
WANTED Ten bright, capable wo
men to travel, demonstrate and sell
dealers. $25.00 to $50.00 per week.
Raiiroad fare paid. Weekly advance
for traveling expenses. Address at
r r3i,ZrrlZ
onct- Goodrich Drug Companj. Dept.
l.i, umana. .-eDr. , on,
FOR TRADE Two good lots in El
Pito for mining stock. What have
you? Roy Benz, Bisbee. 7U3
OLD CLOTHES BOUGHT. Phone 733.
2
SEE MISTRESS DUFF McBRIDE at
New Art Store for fancy dress mak
ing, all work guaranteed. Phone 545
779
RULED INDEX CARDS 5x3 inclie?.
foralo at Review Job Department.
Professional Cards
MAiJAME J. REA KEYS, St. Regis ho
egis ho- J
. Clair-
tel. Lowell. Ariz. Phone 62.
voyani ana crystal reaaer. uea-i
trance spirit medium born with a
double veil, without asking questions
gives you oaten, iacts ana iigures
auu will read jour entire life. 720
Wanted
WAITED Burlap bags, empty sacks
of all kinds at Bisbee Fuel and Feed
company office or yard. Phone 121
or 151 and we will come and cet
thuiu. 744
WANTED Respectable married
pie, no children, wants furnished j
apartment, two or three rooms with
bam, close in. Box 646, City. 717
WANTED Several two, three and
tour room houses, furnished and un
tarnished, for rent. Have clients
waiting. What have you to offer?
C. H. Hogan, below Copper Queen
hotel. 791
UNCLE SAM needs draftsmen men and
women! Learn this remunerative
profession in a short time from prac
tical engineers. We teach by mail.
Write for particulars to Bultman &
Flam, Mechanical Engineers, 537
Clumber of Commerce Bldg., Los
Anpeles, California. 785
WANTED A second hand power
pump for welL Apply P. O. Box
389. 694
WANTED Double headed hardwood !
barrels in good condition. We will I
oav 11.50 each delivered at our mar-1
keis in Bisbee or Lowell or at our
slaughterhouse. E. A. Tovrea & Co.
WANTED Your business to look
alter should you be going away for
mo summer, w natever
in and talk it over. See
low Copper Queen hotel.
it is come
Hogan, be -
630
7
WANTED Burlap bags, empty sacks
of all kinds at Bisbee Fuel and Feed
company. Phone 121 or 151 and we
wil. come and get them. 744
WANTED Eight men to board and ;
room, good home cooking and clean i
beds. Close to Briggs, Denn and ;
Junction Mines. Box 296, Bisbee. ;
6181
WANTED One furnished room in
private family, within walking dist- j
u.n e of the Copper Queen Hotel to j
luealH Answer B. Review.
WANTED If you have a house
for
snln or one for rent list with C H Nclice is hereby given mat me
HnMlCt ''rea Copper Company, a cor-
59 poation organized and existing under
- ine laws ot the state of Arizona, with
WANTED Bright InlelliKcnt boys be -
tween the ages of 12 and 16 to make
applications for Review routes.
25a
Salesmen
WaNTED At once salesladies anil
salesmen, good salary guaranteed.
experience unnecessary, local or
traveling positions open. Te'.l '
where and when to call. Address D,
care Review. 788
-
WANTED Salesmen for oil and re-
fining proposition with the
rl8K
ur
N"a-
taken out of it. Easy to sell.
men are making big money.
tional Bond ana security co, i aiain
street, opposite Copper Queen II-
brary. 773
WANTED New. York Stock & Bond
House wants live, local representat-!
ive tr sell 24 per cent dividend pay-1
ing stock, payable two per cent
monthly. Large commissions, j
Crospman. Sherman & Co., 7 Pine i
St New York. 774 !
Money to Loan
$50,000 TO LOAN an improved city
property or for building, on easy
terms of payment T. A. Hughes,
over Bank of Bisbee. 2iS
SMALL quick loans on your personal
nQt0 t0M8alarled men ,nd woracni aI.
furniture. Cox Loan Co. Room
so on furniture. Cox Loan Co. Room
2. Lyric Theatre building. 166
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
Legal Notices
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR U.
S. PATENT
Mineral Survey No. 3388.
U. S. Land Office, Phoenix, Ariz.,
March 5. 1918.
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that
the Bisbee-Warren Copper Company
a corporation organized and existing
under the laws of the state of Arizona,
wim its principal orilce at me city oijccr. o. l. me place ot me beginning,;
Bisbee, by its president and secretary, ! containing a net area of 5.279 acres I
thf.rt unto duly authorized by resolu - -
uoi. ot its lioaca ot uireciors, nas
m;:de application for a patent for tho
! Wildflower lode mining claim, situat- j
1 ed tu Warren Mining District, Cocnise j
County, Mate ol Aruoua, lit becliou la
! TowubUip 23, South, Range 25 East, j
U. sc K. iv. U. At M., wtucu claim is cite j
scribed as loliows, to-wu:
lii-ginning ut cor. No. 1, the W. i
Cor. ot Sec. IS, 1'. 23 S., K. 2o E., G. c i
S. K. B. & Al., brs. N. SS" la' W. ltiil
it., tneuce S. aa" 55' E. 443.5 teel to I
cor. io. 2, thence N. 2" 24' fci. 102.3 :
teel to Cor. No. J, thence S. 73" 49' E.
luoi'.u feel to cor. No. 4, the N. E. Cor.,
thence b. 2" 24' W. buy leet to Cor. I
iNo. t, the S. E. Cor., thence N. TS' 43'
W. Ha6.o leet to Cor. -No. 6, tne S. W.
cou-!cor., thence N. 1" 24' K. 378.8 feet to
Cor. No. 1, the place of the beginning,
coiiaining net area ot 1V.S3U acres. t
1 ne location notice ot mis ciaiui is ;
! recorueu in me county necoruer b vl
Cocnise county, Slate ol Arizona,
as tollows: Book ai Record ot Mines,
at page 431.
'lbe names of the adjoining claims
are: North Uur. No. 2424, Delia loue,
bur. No. 2u62. Golden Era, No. 1 lode.
Eabt Bur. No. 2062, Lutle Era lode,
American lode, unsurveed, owned by
John r'lizputncK. bourn, Auvil lode,
unsurveyeu owned by John Fitzpai
nek. West, Golconda lode, Sur. No.
3390.
J. L. 1RVIN, Register.
Fiiht Publication March 8, 191a.
Laot Publication May 17, 1918.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the Interior.
U. S. Land Oftice at Phoenix, Ariz.,
NOTICE is hereby given that John,Wm
H. Stoltz, of Hereford, Arizona, who, i
on April 17, 1913, made Homesteaa
Entry, No. 0221a4, for SE4. Section!
15, 'township 22-S, Range 21-E, G. ic I
b. K. 13. Mer.aian, nas inea nonce oi
Itntpntinn tn nukK three-vear Proof, to
j establish claim to the land above de-1
j gcrioed, beiore Jared D. Taylor, United
1 states commissioner, at Bisuee, An -
zona, on the first uay of May, 1913.
: Claimant names as witnesses: GU-I
i bert j PerrV( Winiam A. Lyth( tol- j
umbU8 T Bloit2 aU 3 ot Hereford,
Arizona; ira K Looaiis, ot lwi I
, b2rin63 Arizona.
Regisier. I
First publication, March 30, Uis. I
Labt publication. May 1, 1918. !
NOTICE OF THE APPLICATION OF j
I THfc BISBEE-WARREN COPPER
COMPANY FOR A UNITED STATES
Mineral Survey Nc. 3390
PATfcrtT
U. S. Land Ofi'ici-. Pnoenix, March 4,
191S.
I
' principal oa.ee at me city of Bis-;
"-' oy us piesiuent and secretary,
i mereunto duiy autnorized by rcsolu
1 tion of its board ot uireclors, has made
ai piicdtiun tor patent for me lonow-
; ing named loue uiining claims, beanug
cupper, god and Buyer, situated lu luo
' Warren Mining district of cocniae
County, Stale ol Arizona, appro&i:
maie)y jn Section Is
lownstiip 23
, south, Kane 2d E., ana Seo
on 16,
iownship Z4 Suutn, Range 24 Eaal
uu.tip.oveti ueocriued as louows:
UUi.CU.NDA "Beginning al Cor. No.
1, me N. W. Cor., vnencu ihe w. '.i
oL Sec 18 k zi b K. -i E., O. x
S. i( U. c AI., 013. N. Sf oa' . 157.!
teel, tneuce S. 8S' 65' E. 144.20 teel
to i -nr No. 2. the N. E. Cor. thence
s. 2J 24' W. bUO feet to Cor. No. 4, the
S. E. Cor., thence N. 88" 56' W. 1494.20
feet to Cor. No. 4, the S. W. Cor.,
;thtnce N. 2J 24' E. 6uo feet to Cor. No.
m tne place or tne beginning, contain-;
ln. a ar nf 2 1 f, .n arrs
HOLD OVER "Beginning at Cor. t
! 0. l, the N. W. Cor, whence the W.
Coi. of Section 18, T. 23 S., IC 2a E., j niug, containing a net area of 19.a50
G. 4c S. R. B. & M. brs. N. 11' 53' W. acres, expressly excluding area in con
635.4 feet, thence S. 88 55' E. 1494.20 j flier with Survey No. 2454, William B.
feet to Cor. No. 2, the N. E. Cor., iMocre lode of 0.152 acres, and with
theuce S. 2 24' W. 600 feet to Cor. ! Survey No. 3137 Jack Pot No. 2 lode
Xc 3, the 6. E. Cor., thence N. 88 55'
W. 1494.20 feet to Cor. No. 4, the S. W. j
Cor., thence N. 2" 2' E. 600 feet to
Cor. No. 1, the place of tho beginning '
containing a net area of 20.576 acres." i
HORSE SHOE "Beginning at Cor. !
'N 1. the S. W. Cor., wnencu tho Cor. :
ir Uo S. w'. cor. oi Sec. is aud mo
I l- Cor. of Sec. l'j T. 23 S., R. ia E., !
O. & S. R: B. & M. brs., S. 8" 25' W.
833.2 feet, thence N. 2' 24' E., 600 feet,
to Cor. No. 2, the X. W. Cor., thence
S. 88 55' E. 1494.20 feet to Cor. No. 3, i
the N. E. Cor., thance S. 2 24' V.
1 494.01 feet to Cor. No. 4, the S. E. Cor., '
j thence S. 87 03' W. 1000.30 feet to i
I Coi. No. 1, the place ot the beginning,
i containing a net irea of 18.767 acres."!
APEX "Beginning at Cor. No. L ate. Copper Wedge and Sulphide lodes,
the S. W. Cor., whence the Cor. for the , Survey No. 2425. Delta lode. East.
S W. Cor., of Sec. 18 and the N. W. - Survey No. 338S. Wildflower lode, An
Cor. of Sec. 19, T. 23 S., R 25 E., G. & vil Forge and Copper Era !o!?s. unsur
S. it. B. fc M. brs. S. 19" 29' E. 870.9 : vexed, owned bv John Fltzpatrick.
feet, thence N. 12' 27' E. 327.40 leol ' South, Copper Era lode, un.sii veye.l.
to Cor. No. 2. the N. W. Cor., thence owned by John Fitzpatrick, Survey
S. 87 18' E. 1508,60 feel to Cori No. j No. 24"4 Vic Roy and William B.
3. the N. E. Cor., thence S. 12" 27' W. I Moore lod.-s. West Survev No. 3137.
Uoo.70 feet to Cor. No. 4. the S. E. Cor.,
thence N. 81 32' W. 1497.90 feet to -
expressly excluding area in conflict!
witn itorae noe loae ot mis survey
-if 0.364 acres and with Sunshine lode :
LODGE NOTICES
Cards of every fraternal order in the Warren District; giving the essential
facts of eacii, their meeting nights, th-ir officers and the place of gather
ing will be found under their respective headings in these columr.3. .
BISBEE LODGE, NO. 718.
Meets every Friday night. Moose Hall
Visiting brothers cordially invited.
ixA. l huss, secretary.
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA,
DREADNAUGHT.
L. O. ! NO. 210.
meets in L O.
O. F. Hall first
and third
MONDAY at
7:30 p. m.
Visiting broth
ers cordially
invited to at
tend. T. SMITHAN. W. M.
ROBERT FERGUS, Secretary
P. O. Box 426, Bisbee.
BROTHERHOOD OF AMERXAN
YEOMAN
Richard I, Homestead 895, meets
jsecou l and fourth Tuesday at Odd
; Fellows' halt Visiting Archer are
cordially invited.
MRS. C C. FINLAYSOX, Fbreman
P. O. Box 1526i
E. 1J. STINSON. Correspondent,
nox 149;;.
WOOOMEN OF THE WORLD.
Lowell Camp No. 46 will ;
uieet every Wednesday
at 7:30, Brophy NalL
H. C. LANDAU. C. C.
O. B. THOMAS, Clerk.
All Woodmen invited.
PYTHIAN SISTERS
Lily Temple No. 3 meets every Zul
i and 4th Thursday evening of each.
I
I
Bls-I"'1"'"' "uu iuw nau. isiuuS
sisters are cordially InviteU.
( aii.iit. BLUM, m. L. C.
Phone Black 85 i.
IDS GLAZE, M. of R. C.
; l,:x !.
of mis survey of U.TS4 acres
j SUNSHINiJ "Beginning at Cor. No.
1, the N. E. Cor., wbeuce the V. VI
Cor. of Sec. Is T. 23 S., tL 26 G. t
b. it. ij. u. Al. bis. N. 81" 55' v. 167. J
feet, tneuce S. 2 2-1' W". IjOu ltei to
Coi. No. 2. the S. E. Cor., thence S.
66' 17 V. b(iS.20 feet to Cor. No. 3,
thn S. V,". cor., tlieaco N. 2" -f K
1 1 jot' leet to Ccr. .No. 4. the -V V. Cor..
inence N. titi- 17' E. Ct.a.2J left to cor.
; No. 1 the place o the LeiLuuii,'. cou-
. taimng a net area of 2 J.btio acres."
; r ANCY HANKS "Beginning at
i Cor No. i. me N. E. Cor., wueuce the
i V i t or. of Sec. lb. T. 23 t.. kl. 25 E..
j G. Ac S. R. IS. Ac. -1. brs. N. 57" 2(i' E.
' 540.4 feet, tnence S. 2 21' W. 1500
j feet to Cor. No. 2. the S. E. Cor.,
: thence S. 66' 17' W. 668.20 feet to Cor.
No. 3. the S. W. Cor., thence N. 2 24'
k i.-.uii fior tn Vir xn 4 th v s. i
Cur., thence N. f-6" 17" E. 66v2'i feet
to Cor. No. 1, the place of me -begin-
'of 0.958 acres.
The location notices of these claims
are recorded in the County Recorder's
Of flee, Cochise County, as follows:
Golconda Book 57, Record of Mines
Pape 105.
I
01 j
Hold Over-B
M.nos. Paso 463.
iiorse Knoe 1
r Book 3S, Record
Book 30. Record
jMLies. Pago 33'J.
j Apex Book 57, Record of Mines,
!Page 481.
Sunshine Book 30. Record ot Mines I
iPane 332.
Nancy Iiaiiks Book 30, Record of
Mines. Page 331.
The names of the adjoining claims
arc: North Survev So. 3389, Carbon-
Jack Pot No. 2 lode, Survev No. 33S9
Carbonate lnle.
ihe official survey of said mining
claim beinir Mineral Survev No 230
J. L. f it v IN. Resistor. I
r.rs-i PubliciitUtn March S, l'.HS
Lai i Publication May 17, XOii.
of.
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED AMERI
CAN MECHANICS.
Meets in Medlgovicl
Hall every Tuesday
night. Visiting brothers
welcome.
S. F. BENTON, Councillor.
J. L. BENTON, Recording Secretary.
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS.
Rathbone Lodge No. 10,
Knights of Pythias,
meets each Thursday
(except second) is Odd
Fellows' Hall at 7:30
p. m. Visiting brothers
cordially invited.
LEON H. RICE. C C
EARL SOBLEY. K. of R. S.
FRATERNAL OBDER OF EAGLES.
Bisbee Aerie. No. 175, F. O. E meet
first and third MONDAYS, 8 p. sl,
j Eagle Hall. Visitors cordially wel
! come.
J. F. WILMOTH. President.
F. C. FENDER60N, Secretary
C. L. ED.MONDSON. Aerie Physician.
LODGE NO. 671.
Regu'ar meeting first and third Frl-
i day of each month. Visiting brothers
J cordially invited to attend. Box 1322.
,JAS. A. ALLISON. Exalted Ruler.
R. J. KELLY, Secretary.
KNIGHTS AND LADIES OF SECURI
TY, BISBEE COUNCIL NO. 2115.
Meets every second and fourth Sat
urdays in the month at L O. O. F.
Hall. 7:30 p. m. Visiting members are
cordial. y invited.
ARNpLD SCII.M1D, President.
P. O. Box 3483, Lowell, An.
FREDERICK J. ATTAWAY,
Secretary, LoweiL
E. LIXDQUIST. Financial Secretary,
P. O. Box 2246, LoweiL
BISBEE LODGE, NO.
10, I. O. O. F
meets every
WEDNESDAY
evening at Odd
Fellows' Hall.
-3
Mai:i street, at 7:3J o'clock. Visiting
brothers cordially invited to attend.
Hall phono 119.
H. R. TAYLOR, X. G.
CARL V. NELSON, Secretary.
U8UK OF fcAolcfiN STAR.
meets in Masonic Ha!
teml Cbupler. i. i, o.ii
in iMujolk. Hull secona u.3
tcLrm :"utaay ot
ruoutn ut 7.o0 p. m.
MRS
EMMA WOODS. W. M.
Phone 161, Box 43. Bisbee.
JESSIE BEVAN. Secy. P. O.
MRS,
Box 2299, Chairman Relief Com.,
Phona 161.
WEEK ENDING APRIL 13. 1318.
Mor.i s- 2nd Degree.
Tuesday
Wednesday 3rd. Degree.
Thursday Chapter.
Frldav 1st degree.
Saturday
W. W. GIDLEY, W. M.
B. T. W ATKINS. Secy. F. Ac A. M.
J. W. TOLAND. E. H. P.
C. F. PHILBROOK. T. L M.
F. E. BENNETT. E. C.
F. S. DAVENPORT. Secretary Cha?-
ter and Commandery.
W. R. BANK'S, Secretary Council.
o.
1st
and 3rd Mondays
each month at
30 at Medig
ich Hall. Visit
ing members cordially invited.
B. F. MOSS. President
MRS. C. E. FINOTTL Treasurer. 4
Box 722. Tel. 23. Red.
iiONORA MUNCH. Sccretarv.
Box 162 1.
-MODERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA.
Bisbee Camp No. 13415.
Meets first Tuesday at
Odd Fellows' Hall.
R. L. MOTZ. CoDiuL
II. F. MATHEWSON.
Clerk.
i c a. vrir.in
m
A
V'i T- F- B'
FRATERNAL
Sd r-r. BROTHERHOOD
M r-W.-r-J.VTVi fc' Bisbee Lodse N
J K'J -l'Vy fl 52 meets the
v tfis-s-zn ot
x. r v EIGHT
.THE B1SBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, APRIL 14, 1918.
r
i
The Most Favored Styles In
Women's Coats for Spring
$15.00 to $39.50
The styles we are now showing constitute only those
which have already won their way into the good graces
of the Fashion Public for wear this season.
The assemblage features are poplins, tweed mix
tures, cut bolivia, wool velour, French serges, black and
white check, velour and dehhi. The coloars
are sand, Pekin blue, navy Copenhagen, apple
green, rein deer and black. Trimmed with cuffs
and collars of harmonizing shades.
Models of Distinction In
Women's Silk Dresses
At $19.50
Simplicity, the marked characteristic of the
new modes, is unmistakably a feature of this
charming group of new Spring Frocks. Silk
ginghams, foulards, satins, crepe de chine,
combinations of taffeta and georgette and all
taffeta. Unusual qualities. There's a smart
touch of adornment furnished by the new col
lars, cuffs, vest or buttons used. While the
skirts are here in both the straight line, plainly
tailored modes as well as the new draped and
bustle effect. Excellent values at $19.50.
U. S. Food Administration License Number G-13942
m mm v - r k zr. -
7 1't It 7k
M VV'K iS?fk i&7A Vx A
fA Mi (1 ' i km Jr Hi- trril ; - VA
Many Original Touches Seen in Women's New Spring Apparel
The New Separate Skirts
A widely variegated gathering of them are
marshalled here in elaborate array. An in
spection of them is respectfully requested. It
comprises only those styles that have come to
stay; that have already captured feminine
fancy for wear in the warmer days of Sum
mer. Wash satins, crepe de chine, baronette
satin, fancy striped and plaid worsteds.
When all outdoors is busy putting on new colors and ned verdue, it is but natural that we, too, seek ex
cuses to lay aside winter's apparel for the light, bright, airy new things that Springtime always brings. To
be in tune with the season we will be glad to adopt the straight and slender silhouette as brought to us in
at least.
ig ALL. or tne many imngs wnen a snort visu 10 tne siore is now so interest
ing, and the glance can capture in a moment what cold type would take an hour to tell. Representative
styles of Fashion await you. '
Among the finer Modes In
Women's New Spring Suits '
$27.50 to $35.00
The more one notes these new suits, assembled here,
the stronger grows the conviction that here are suits
ready for immediate selection which might have been
made to individual order.
Among them are the smart eton. pony, ripple back,
plaited, sport and tailored effects Jn conts,
poiret twill, gaberdine, French serge, wool pop
lin. Fisher Kennedy tweed, wool jersey and
black and white checks comprise the materials.
New and Delightful Are These
Afternoon Dresses
:;' $2500 to $98.00
Crispy, fresh, new dresses direct frcm ihe
fashion centers and thoroughly emkudded with
the high fashion ideas of foremost designers
Filmy georgette, industructable silk vciles,
crepe do chine "and chiffen taffeta made in be
coming styles to wear in the warmer days to
come when suits are uncomfortable. Those
new styles are most attractive in a wide as
sortment to select from and prices could not
be more reasonable.
these latest apparel arrivals, for they add to our youth, in appearance, at le
There's no use of enumerating ALL of the many things when a short
Crepe de Chine Blouses $3.95 to $7.50
Georgette Crepe Blouses $4.95 to $27.50
These are modest prices when one considers the f ! Plenty of them in plain, tailored or lace trimmed;
excellence of both the styles and the quality of these some hand embroidered. Every new style and de-
Blouses. Some are fashioned with large collars while sirable color to select from, and it is such a delicate
others have the late roll collars.
'dainty fabric and made up so effectively.
My! But They Are "Swell"
These New Sweaters
The appearance they present, as far as fash
ionableness is concerned, is all that any wom
an or miss could wish for. They are open and
closed styles; fitted with V-necks, big buttons
and sashes; dyed in the stunningest of all these
colors,' purple, greens, rose, greys, blues, or
ange hues and combinations of these colors.
Bed Spreads, Sheets, Pillow Cases and Towels on the Bargain Booth Monday
Be a shrew buyer and 'grasp this opportunity' ( to save on these household . necessities.
When you have a chance to get such reasonable prices on goods as are provided here you ought to supply not only your immediate needs, but
also the needs you know you will experience during the coming months.
The difference between buying .now an buying later moans dollars saved for other uses. And the saving of dollars in these times is of chief im
portance to you as well as to the nation. . t ,
t
. j'
A Bed Spreads Special
- Large sige Bed Spreads that means a sure
sale once you see them at these special prices,
each $2.85 and $3.85.
Large size fancy Turkish Towels; here is an
exceptional value, special at 75c each.
Up-to-Date Designs In
Infants' Go-Carts and Carriages
That You WQ1 Like
. . i
Buy a Go-Cart, Carriage or
Sulky from this complete new
line we are showing and keep
baby healthy with plenty of
fresh air. Full size Baby Car
riages of wicker, in grey, brown,
frosted green, tan and black from
4 $20.00 to $50.00.
A beautiful combination Go
. Cart and Sulkey with collapsible
top, priced at $12.00 to $20.00
with adjustable hood and holding handle.
Full line of collapsible Go-Carts moderately priced.
Bed sheetings in wide widths; and a splen
did value :
2!4 yards wide at 55c yard
2 Vi "yards wide at ' 60c yard
Bargains in Turkish Towels. Odd lots and
all sizes; special at each. 15c, 20c, 25c and 35c.
A Most Interesting
rray of Women's
Spring Hats
Such a showing as this, one sel-
dom has the good fortune to see.
Here are the new ribboned trimmed hats; those with novelty plummage;
others lacquered straws, and all showin g many kinds of flowers, fruit and foli
age. The shapes are so novel that they will appeal to every type of woman.
They reveal military tendencies as well as quaintly historical modification
brought down to these turbulant times. Also a wonderful line of Sport and
White Hats. f
Pillow Cases at attractive prices :
Good quality muslin, size 42x36, only 28c ea.
Extra quality muslin, size 42x36, only 35c ea.
Bed Sheets at a big saving:
Seemless, size 72x90, each .. $1.15
Seemless, size 81x90, each ........$1.25
-1 vT
V
The Prettiest and Best Styled
Gingham Dresses for Girls
BUY-YOUR
WAR SAVING
STAMPS HERE
r
Coal and Gas
Combination
Ranges
$50 to $150
Ve .have just received. a fulj
carload of combination coal and
gas ranges. Comfort and con
venience in the home are assur
ed by the use of these stoves.
Oil Cook Stoves
Cook in a cool, comfortable
kitchen this summer. An oil
cook stove is comparatively in
expensive to buy and it will soon
. pay for itself in comfort and
lower fuel expense. Meals in a
jiffy, and a cool kitchen in summer.
I
aifoN i mil
" ccyM
Buy a Bond
7
i LIBERTY L
f& BOND
Uncle Sam backs you!
Buy a bond and do your bit
to help make the world and
yourself safe for Democracy.
Your money will be used to
CONVINCE our enemies that
your United States is not to be
dictated to or ruled by anyone
else but ourselves.
The bond you buy is a
Fighting Bond. It pays the
bills of battle now. It pays
for up-keep of men and muni
tions. A bond at the same
time PAYS YOU interest. Do
it for yourself for those who
fight and-ior your country.
BUY A WAR
SAVING STAMP
FOR 25c .
Simple and effective gingham
frocks for the young miss. If
mothers had designed and made
these themselves they couldn't
be more exactly what is wanted,
we believe. Every attention has
been given to material, to work
manship, to fit and to style, of
course.
Plaids, checks and plain colors
are shown.
' Sizes from 2 to 6 years priced
from 95c to $3.95.
Sizes from 6 to 1 4 years priced
from $1.25 to $7.50.
'-4 1
A
Y
V" -
Y.-.V
A Leonard Cleanable Refrigerator
Will Help Save the Waste in Foods
A'ofic how the
Ont'Pitct Porcelain
lining txtmndt eUar out-
lid of tho door -ham at
shown hy thg Arrow lltaj
All tht corntrt mrt rounded
for Quick and m:y cleaning
Wardrobe
Trunks
Our comprehensive
showing of Trunks of
all kinds we feel sure
will meet the de
mand of every traveler.
We especially call your
attention to the Ward
robe TrunV for general
utility use. We boast
of the largest trunk
stock in this section of
the state.
Porch
Furniture
Just received a com
plete line of Porch Fur
niture in various styles
and prices.
J