X
11
WEATHER
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service.
2SU
Friday and Saturday
continued fair, no
change in teiuperarure
VOL. 21, NO. 97.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 4, 1918.
a".s
PRICE FIVE CLOTS.
km I At fe
Mlkll life
WWW I
! lift pit
ni a pi i ?! Tr b rap a
1 hL
h - ii A ru
if
DiLIE
no
un
BOND :
NOW
i
SALES
TOTAL
IEPIDEMC
3 MimON
(Py Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. Oct. 3. More than I
I
HOW RAGES 1
OVER LAND!!
i
INFLUENZA
HITS FLACSTAFF;
CALL FOR NURSES
BRITISH
FORWARD F
FIVEJIIES
Take 5000 Prisoners and Cross
Hindenburg Line in Vital J2oo.ooo.uoo subscriptions to the fourth d ot i.-pu,S(h. innuen? over the:. i s.:-r kra.ntisco. o. 3.-A call
" 5 Liberty loan were reported today to v . ' ant to dvlv for home defease nurses
Sectar North of SL Ouen- the treasury department, an increase , toulltr-v rI:d :n 8rm-v tamps' " 'tn an! in California. Nevada and Arizona,
jeciar iionn vi vuch i0yer the averagg heretofore re. Increasing death rate, was indicated I waj ,,.s,:e(i hft..e today by the Pa-
(l!y Hpview IawiI Win )
WASHINGTON". Oct. 3. Further .
iRv Rpvtew ImI "Vlri
FLAGSTAFF. Ariz.. Oct. 3 The
development of 20 new cu ;cs of in
fire :;-a today led to the issuance
o;' o'i'om elo.'Ing Vis high school.
tiitr-.trs and ail oi'it-r places of h fc
tti'.l jr-1 1 . i r ill (' 't't't r-h-i roll J P J
t. u.u . . v .iui. ....... ' , . S
An sp;-i:: f r nar.es has been .sent !
state a'.thr.ritks. as lao situation at J;
ti.e i.crthern Ariz:; la rioniiul school "
hero has tec-cine serious.
1 n ip fr
X mlm If m XI
3- I
mm yssGESiiEioes
mm IT Wj LtNS RETREAT
Alii ak a r 7 a f I
MnmnmaiM i f; j mi . .
UBun nusiuii a in instil
LIE KO MORE
ADITS FACT
lAiSE ffi GAINS
WASHINGTON. Oct. 3.--Plans of
tx:ivre tj adjoarn for a month over
he N'.vcniher election drew a warn-!
tin; Huns' Material Low
corded. Up to the close of business
last right, the total officially tabulat
ed was $626,50G.0UO. This is the recog
nized harvest from four days' cam
paigning about half the rate at which
subscriptions must come to reach the
$6.Ct0.000.000 total.
Today's reports did not include the
UNDATED WAR LEAD. (By the Associated Press) .
i.:s iLd .y from secretary McAdoo that I ens, the heart of the great coal region in northern France and
.ni!i:-j ijionntlv to enact the $S.O00v . i it r ' .
..fc.( oo wir revenue bin win disorsan- Armentieres almost equally important as a manufacturing
nee. ! renter, have rwen evaninl-rJ hv tKo P.rmana- fk
, j ... ..i.ii , niv.
today in reno-ts refcivcrt by the public j! cific div'sion of the American Roi ;i-e apj eaduntc the national financ
ioiih aort-i-a nnd H the office of Lrss as a prccauiK.uary measure , ( rv.i wnunt l.i uee loiicuation, r . j . t . r i 1 c .1 .
Nairn wrike and orfite 01 azai.i.st er.v spread cf Spanish in- ! iau !:-. .McAdoo. in a letter to (hair-' fortified positions btween Cambrai and St. Quentin have been
ma ui6cu.. 6'"- j; flueiua into the. e states. The home w.t !-n:i:nor.s t j the strate financ
New cases developing in army
tamps totaled 12.004. with reports lack
ing fr;m Camps Sherman, O.; Taylor.;
Ky.: and Jackson, S. C, here the.
disease has reached epidemic propor- j
tions. This total was a decrease over
WITH THE BRITISH ARMY ON
THE ST. QUENTIN SECTOR, Oct.
3 (Fy the Associated Press) 5:20 p. m.
The British troops Bmashed a large Kansas City district where the cam
and vital section of the Hindenburg paign has not actually started nor
line today between St. Quentin and any subscriptions not supported hyjthat"-of yesterday, but 950 cases of j
Cambrai. They have occupied many:niu,a! Payments in the hands of pneumonia were reported as against I
additional towns and villages and 5000 1 fedo Ohio furnished the soectac- 870 ,he ,,ay betT and i- Wre 1
I loieao. uuio, rurnisneu me spectac- 331 compared with 271 vrsterday. I
prisoners and r.ua?erous .guns have.ular feature of the days campaigning ttai nnmher influenza cases!
reported in the camps sne the epi-'
deir.ie begaa. Sept. 13. is 113.737. Pneu
! dcfen.o nurses aie tliose whose date
of availability for call into over
seas Ferviie will ccp.e after Decem
ber 1.
! definitely smashed and the AustrrvHnnaariana in AlKana
he co;Mi:i;tee on finance.
been taken. The battle was resumed . b yaenieving its quota of I1S.000.000
, c vw.b .i,-. m,.-- r .! from 72,000 persons. The city's cam-
tinued throughout tiie day, English and : Pai?n telegraphed that this CE
Australian divisions driving deep into"" ""'- , . ,
the enemy defenses. The ground ove, 1 n Subscriptions by districts were an-
which the British troops fought thel, : ,no as 4u0; Xew York
"'ra S:,a,rhmLO';.346,000; Philadelphia, $45,775,250;'
j h " 1 Cleveland, $35,471,000; Richmond, $18.-
$72,927.S50; St. Louis, $S3.014,35O;
Minneapolis, $18,648,750; Dallas, $7,
78S.150; San Francisco, $37,955,950.
A FIVE MILE ADVANCE
The advance ras reached a depth o'
abcut five miles at its apex, and it
follows that the principal Ilinden
burs defenses here Jiave been shattered.
A few
hours may see the .British
ses total 8,575 and deaths
i I
PRFiHL
mi Vri) nmwm
nil bi fliurdu&uei
in-l VIIV mI t UVHIIIUh!
tcrnnntfe,
srul ti at ol
i.i av?r'iT!s n f.v.v . ri: in tho suc
cesFful financial conduct of the wr.r. I
;iiro: diocuisp nor refrain from di-
1
2,479. I
Ten camps reported a greater in-
crease :n srifliienza tcaay man
terdav. the others reporting a
create. Camp Grant, Illinois, repor
the highest, 900. The greatest
crease in pneumonia was also report
ed at Canio Grant with 133 new cases j
and 31 depths Pneumonia cases at r . 1 v . 1
(s; we. va.. were .5. wit deaths ! Shoe Fnces hixed Yesterday;
35 and at Camp llumrarief, a., o". ,
i'rt 2i d j'hs ;
It w;.? .".niiPiiurcil that e.-r.cral lieati-!
oua't-?r for dfaln u with lb ? eild"ri'.t-:
forsaken by the Bulgarians,their former' allies, are in full re
treat northward from the Adriatic sea to Lake Ochrida.
Of the reconquering of invaded Belgium and the Droeres
renting your attention to the fact that . ot the trench and t ranco-Amencan forces respectively north
laiiure promptly to report and paLi Dl 1 . 1 -i 1 . . . ,
n new revenue bill will disorganize ; or heims and eastward in Champagne to the vicinity of
and endanger the national finances." jVerdun, the tale remains the same--the Germanj slowly but
Mr. McAdoo's letter caused the fi-1 1 . 1 r 1 i . . 11.
uance coinn.ittee to take immediate surely are being torced everywhere to give ground and their
steps to expedite its work of revising i vital defenses daily continue to be eaten into, norwithstand-
iie hose d.-aft of the revenue measure ' .1 . . . ., ,, .
enj unset plans announced in the sen-. IU5 ulc strong resistance against tne ettorts or the allies to close
-te totli lor adjournment of congress
for a month beginning Oct. 20.
Up'-n receipt of Mr. McAdoo's letter
Chiarman Simmons and the .senate
criumi'tee a?rc?d to work with all pos
sible speed, bi't the chairman said
Only Forerunner of Gener
al Regulation of Prices De-
New England
Closing of theaters and the abandon
ing of public meetings on account of
the influenza epidemic has interfered
T n nan nn va ciin r nnrtii'ii aHv , 1 . . - , 1 , i
nil the u-r rin Hie ither sMp of he 1,1 A . . " . '"'of inuueiiza in iew tngianu nave
.. VI! VUle.r..! 01 l,e Sa wEngland. where it may be neces- J PPn (stabiilih ,t n0,ton bv the'mibll!
sary to cancel engagements of Great hP!)U,, sc,rvjf-e. More than-lm physl-l
Lai;es naval band next week. In spite I cians aready have been sent to that ;
ofrfhis handicap however, 10S.25S per-!clty ronl districts where the disease j
sons have bought bends in New Eng- i ls 110t at present a particular problem 1
1."" and tne service is gettmg togetner (ji8tribution of virtually all articles of
POSSIBILITIES ARE
he did not se how it is possible 'nnrjiT IJIOT H I S T fl I '-r- ,:P lltir Q'-' ward Progress In their
report the bill before Oct. 25. even 3-f 'i ll I IjJVI fir A 53 ll'','iv"rs !o compel fne G'rmans lo
if then. He addd that plans for ad-; 1; sLH 1 JUUl flSlLltL'' "lvc rp 0stt'n', and Zbruge. their
journment of consress on Oct. 20 prob-1 .tjv1 bases on t::e N:irh sea.
;n tn a!I s:j.s of the great battle arc
1 iroia the North sea to the Swiss bor
der and compel the Giuna liinh corn
; rcar.J to leconstruct it j fightiiiE line.
In Felian Flanders the Bt-Iidun.
French and British troops are keep-
rrf-ai German defensive system.
From the north cop.?s most sls'fi
tant news. The Grm-ns whi wre
gradually being left :n a salient, have
begun to le'.reat on oracti. aliy a;l :iie
Armentiertes sector and appeal to be
in full flight. British troops iave en
tered and are passing through Luis.
Auburs Ridge, south of Armentierej
h&K been tajcen and the British are bond.
msI ot there. Ind'catlons r not
,-.bly would be receded.
The adjournment program was an
nounced in thp senate today by Ma
jority Leader Aturtin, but he wid it
was framed on the assumption that the
tlares Chairman Nat'l Assn. ; reveniis Mil couid not pos: ibly be dis-
, losf-d if before the dedans. Tie
! senate adjourned today nntil Monday
and house leaders planned to begin
!: Keview Leased Wir.; tomorrow a series of throe-day re-
WASHINGTON, Oct. 3. rrices and cesies until the $7,001,00 army emer-
Roulers, the important railway junc
tion, with its lines of steel radiating
v. -iliX l--'1'""' wirT' to the North se,., ,iad eastward to
WASHINGTON, Oct. 3-The Ger- u,;lt ,lils bew, entrre bv U;e lM
man retreat from the Hindenburg linvi. ,,s aai HooKlcai., to the north,
was in. full swing today, menaced biKaK Al:..-. r.c -iXa.U u;.on
the Ireuch. Belj-lan and Britisn trooB, , , ... ' r,,.,,r rs.Ost.J.Brues rati a v.
ro
j'.y menacea.
Prom llil y C toni-ht came i a miIe V7?n1 wb,ch caR ?e"?l wearing apparel re to be controlled I prohabiy about Oct. 14. The senate
thstorvalitf ; bVlna'mm r "nJv.J. "7 "? -r inuustriws board.. UeSu.a-; aIso ,)lans simiIar recesses until ,:,3
- , irijjutriuii; suuaiuca tn i.e.. lib,.... .u. tn.,iL, fuiw.rl vavtrt v-
11,1 . , .J
worker, who subscribed for a $100
i .1,, Simula - tit v,. v.-u... tatn rue( prices lor siioes constuuieu i
porc 10 a numuer ui cius ui.unu -. cn tno first Flel) , a senerai policy
r,. '""To th - ..:.& :.:eaia aa.l Courlrai
litres ar.t! ! er.s. onicers here conli-i
d-ntl; e:.:i'.ted that tlil.; phase of the I
wlthdrav.-al mnst be expa.-.ded to the
Fjtith at once under the threat of tae ,
I r.tis'n la pu. h northeastward from !
their lines between the Scarpe and I
Cambrai. I
V i'h tee evacuation of Lens, the en-'
.'.c.-c-is the- border in Fian:e the
;r.pt;r3 of Amcntieres brings Lille,
taj-ital of the department of Nord.
within strik'nj distance, and the evac
uation of Letis places Douai. the fort
ress northeast of Arras, and al the
t. i. iHiy between Arras anu Meniu
rirtually i:i D p hand; o' 'iu- I -riti-n.
u.nra B..,ht tmnnnn aA. . f. . , . i.. -"'J' " r'".' e , nr 3 inmncuucMT ..... . ....,1 s .u.i.jj .. e n...a, o 1
rVV-iJ:' la o:M ' betn YncUedTn th"; ;P"miS. the . d- ff- f C'lhing- U , WASH ING TOn7 Oct. 3. In his let- ihern anc7 f-toaS sh" kiZuA
for-ed to begm o::e of the ar . Rinl- inciudes the city ot Shreveport. a ne- 8ervice against influenza. j d t0I,,"hl- . , ,h Iter to Senator Simmons., Mr. McAd ) j inir has been ,..eied as yet to sum I'' S 1
retreat. pro farmer. David Raynea. subscribed ' As a further step in the campaign to Chairman Baruch made he an-, pointed out that tne present war tax whether the min-. have be,u fire,!.. -b f ,
The troops co-oprating wi.h the $io,).'jH0 which he had received from ! prevent an epidemic in WashingionJ nouncement in an address to the Na-1 bi became operative one year ago but it U; ress.rded :.s certain that dur- ! ,. ;.:,',, ,T..r.i ,
Belgians have taken illatfes nrar oil prospectors on his iarm. This rep- Vhich is crowded with war workers. 1 tio"'1' 1'osoods association. Refer-; today and aaid that essential revenues i,.- the yen s of G .mn cc- wj .tion j f.l. 4 nr.' " r, 'rM- . ti v,
Roulers after har street fighting resents his entire bank account. ifhe commissioners of the district of ' rinS to the Putting in to effect of 1 would be ,osti a3 well as time required th great fuel storehouses below the j ., . Fi'i.t!'. '-' j , .
T.hey have forced the Germans well When a United States merchantman Columbia todav ordered all theaters the agreement between the board and j by the treasury in administrrir.s th- sur V a have been worked to the limit, j ' .V.-V'V - JVm i.Jnri-' ,, T .
back and are still going The Ger- entlireil the port of N'orfolk. Va., to- and motion picture houses closed after tne Eho Industry. -V.r. Baruch sa:d: 1 pew law and bv the public to familiar- As evidence of the comp ete cor-.n-1 ' "7 ir.."'. ' . 1:..'
rnans must get out of tne Belgian day E E Palen of tne shipping ' tonight until the disease is stamned Regulation of All Apparel Prices J ize itself with it. by delay on the pend- dence with which the allied leaders; " r.": -V'ii unXti-i whi.h
c..aL! as far as Osterd if the advance l)oard-8 division of operations, organ-'out Thus far only comparatively few' "After that will have to come the ins measure. Chairman Simmons said l:ae vifv.ed the iuf.-ro ever .?in:e if !h ; r " . ' . 1" a vtolT t counter at
cv.itinues, as it gives every sign 01 ized a saleg crew and eatnerei RUb-I'casea have heen reDorted here. regulation and distribution of mast all ! ti,at plans for adjournment of congress I c e certa:a that the United States ! . ' ..' '',',.., , ' . .,,;. K
APPLYING THE TORCH
As the Germans retreat in the Ar
on Oct.
sidered.
scrintions for J10.250 bonds, from 117 T!ennrt repardino- the snread of in- of the thing3 wnicn you ge.iliemeii
I men and officers. On receipt of this : fluenza came to the public health serv- have to deal with. I do not want you
news. Chairman Hurlev of the shin- tndnv from -.lmnv states A nurlier to say it can't be done, because it
ninz board ordered orennlzntinn nt ' r nnthreaUa were rei.orted In Indiana, must be done. It is unthinkable that , reported, or passed, by the senate in
0, probably would be reron- would succeed in getting a great army
If by that time it is evident, to France for the fighting this y
ri'ip; !:'. au.iin has been taken bv
:iI. CiolH I 1 ! i iw' a mn Urx
he explained, that the bill cannot be it now is known that reoccupation o , ' ' ,,.: ,:...",
Vlltr l.rili Luai nt ius litis 1.1. t .1 utii-i . .
tl.Atiolao onftr ih.DV 1 Q 1 lilt ! I . I ' -. . . ... - . ' . a u-!th 4 1 1 L.tliul tcu-.t. 1 ..I. I. r-. t n . I, nllal.. I ..... ...I : la.aiU
" .t. D--.iu. ...v. -.v, i-i-miliar canvassing ciuds at an ports, while from usweco, M. ., came a re- i"- quun mnc kiuic cinuuus, ..- imnj wui ou iui -30.11c uimiia i'cd
near Aumiral cowie in charge of the Dort of 2.00 cases. New Mexico ana ' "oik can tci 111111, uui ic uct-..n. Kress iiugui ae nine u inuirrums i-iuuiiuuug iuei m i;h sw;'P"ie
the torch wherever thoy have the
t'nifc, and their retreat is marked by navy's loan campaign, announced to-'Arizona also reported a fevf cases, the The drygoods retailers when called j with an adjournment to begin just be- Ihecr are also indications that Am-i
great xplosions as ammunition stcre night that naval officers and men had ' first from those states. In Arizona upun by Chairtnan Baruch to take the fore the elections and end a few days erhan cr;il r.uning unit, equipped-
subscribed more than $5,000,000.
re The American consul at Newcastle. ! school at Flagstaff and 20ft cases at some extent, has his prices regulated
are destroyed.
It is known that the Germans
becoming so short of ammunition that Australia, reported in a letter dated
many of the higher oiucers are alarm-, August 6 that Americans there already
ed, but in the retreat the destruction Dad subscribed $5,000,000.
cf dumps has been absolutely necessi-; Dallas, Texas, raised 85 per cent
tated. j of its quota in two hours, according to
a report to headquarters todav.
TANKS WIN AGAIN
In the battle between Cambrai and
St. Quentin the Australians and F.ng-
there were sixty cases in a normal ! product of "the manufacturer, who. to afterward.
with the most up-to-date machinery.
(Continued on Pace Five)
TALIANS A
M'ADOO'S TIMELY PLEA
j WASHINGTON. Oct. 3 Admonition
, to the American people not to let the
j news of allied victories cause a slack
ening of efforts in the campaign for
' the fourth Liberty loan, was expressed
tonight by Secretary McAdoo in point
' ing out that to date subscriptions to
jward the $6,000,000,000 total are be
! ing received at only about one-half
I the necessary rate. Although $200,
! 000,000 in subscriptions was reported
; today, Mr. McAdoo said bond sales
-must average more than $315,000,000 a
i day for the nineteen working days if
my Review leased Wiie) 1 the goal is to be reached. Subscrip-
UOME, Oct. 3. Today's Italian offi-, tions up to the close of business last
cial communication follows: night amounted to $626,506,000.
"In Albania Tuesday our trocps be- i "Germany is not yet crushed," Sec
gan an energetic advance in the sec- i relary McAdoo said in urging more
tor between the sea and Osum. In the ' strenuous efforts. "She has millions
rapid advance, overcoming the resist-J of strong fighting men still on the bal
ance of enemy parties, our columns oc-, tie lines and with the invasion of
cupied in the evening the village of ; their own territory facing them they
Fieri, the line of the seiaeni from Ster- will fight even more desperately than
iRE
Till ALBANIA
basi to the Metali bridge and the
heights between Janica and Buvalica,
and those at Ziton to the left of O.sum.
"We are approaching Berat. The
enemy is retreating rapidly in an at
tempt to avoid pursuit and is setting
fire to his depots. We have taken
heretofore.
"While I am confident that the
American people will in the end com
plete the enormous task before them, I
desire to urge every one not only to
subscribe in order that his subscrip
tion may serve as an inspiration to
prisoners and a large quantity of ma-, others. The campaign is handicapped
terials." ! by two factors; the first being the
unfortunate spread of influenza
VIENNA, via London, Oct. 3. Au- throughout many of the eastern states,
strian troops have been withdrawn necessitating the cancellation of dem-
from Albania, the war office an- onstrations on behalf of the loan. This
nounces. Berat has be
allies. -
"Contlnimd on Pb Twn
.Continued on Page Two)
Loss of Lens a Terrible Blow to Huri$$M
To expedite revision of the revenue even with the means of fuhting po:-
ble fire in the mines, will he readv
(Continue on Pnr Two) j (0 piur. th4 mines as rapidly as thrf
; armies for -p tin- enemy beyond them.
The force that compelled the Uer-
o ordVr the evacuai i.'ii
rnientirrra frcnt undoub'-
rv opinion here, was the
mans when they drove in the Lys sali-: and Armentieres had no place in the
ent last April. immediate German plans a week ago.
With the Germans out of Lens the On the contrary there seemed every
allies have made the first important reason for this barrier to be held mid
step in the occupation of the coal the first admission by the enmy that
fields about the city. ' the Hindenburg line was hroken cr.nio
The great manufacturing district of with the be;;inniim of his withdrawal
to the great coal fields of France northern France obtained its fujl from just west ct htielms. it is apparent,
in the district of Pas De Calais. Since this district, as did Paris. The an- therefore, that the plans of the Ger
1914 Lens had been part of the fight- nual output before the war was about man general staff for gradually fall
ing area and the British have made 5.000.00u tons. ing back from the most exposed posi
several strong attempts to take it tions in the' center and retiring along
Armentieres has changed hands twice WASHINGTON. Oct. 3. It is be- the whole front fiom a sector at a
this year. It was captured by the Ger- lieved here that the evacuation of Lens time already has been shattered.
BERLIN, via London. Oct. 3. Lenn
was evacuated by the Germans on ;
Tuesday night, the war office an-;
nounced today. Armentieres was evac
uated the same evening. j
Lens and Armentieres are the keys
as likewise are ali the a!
I i.id troops iroiu m. vj'ieiuin noriu-
ward.
Noithwest of Rheims the Germans
:'re offering more resistance to the
French along the Aisue and on the
sn t rs wuich are protecting the east
era etrd of the (.'hernia Ilea Ihtnien.
'.he western end of which already is
domi'iate i by the French guns, but
Gf:;era! ; rthelot's forces neverthe
less 1 ave captured ("onuicy and reach
f.l the Aisne canal between Conceve
i?ux and i.iiiiem illette. a front of
!..!!.. .... w -.. 1. in I?n1,,;im, 1
n iii'IIV i.i.la in vtu iiiii in u i.iuiii. , .. .. ij
which" the BelUan army itself. uudor than tateen mile.
; c- miui.nd of its soldier king, formed
the spearhead that broke the way for
swift expansion of the victor-, by th '
Frenc'i and Uritish forcos. There ap
!ri'rs to he If 'lie doubt now that King
Albert will be able to re-establ.s.i his
capital on Belgian soil this winter.
Standing on the flank of the Ger
man CMuiUunicanoii system ir.-m Ar-
lll'lililltr.. Ill lilt- ii..iiiT-uioiT , .mi I , . ,, . , .
'of courts.. Cencr.u Plumer s second ! Alre valley, run;. ing north of the Ar-
in Champagne trie trench have en
larged their gains from the region
north of Somrue-Py to the western
frinae of the Artonne forest, taking
pr'soners and inflicting heavy cm
nltics on the enemy. The railroad
junction point of Challerange. a short
distance south of Vouziei-es, has been
capMircd and h?re the French hare
completed their domination of the
I'.itisii armv
. . ..... . KiiiiiiM iivrs Mini .1 imiv .u . : i
is bel evel to tioiu tne : y T i , , . 1 - ------
key to a wide stretch of territory now "-' ' ' -
cii.Ti' i ii vi i tt y mil iiht
French Crush Enemy in- Champagne ;
WITH THE FRENCH FORCES IN forest of Argonne and in the region
i-.r,.K-c rw... ! . is .iiv ti,o of Orfeuil. I made an Important
" ' ' , , V., ' -No longer is (here an outlet to th-s ; northwest of Somme Py. in the Cham l
As-ociaieci i ress.; m lanuo, i-.ws, fr0 tilc Argonne region open : p-.gne. oc( iipymg the crest of
'craage and the heights of Croix Des to the enemy and the American ad-! Blanc.
Soudans General Gouraud's troops vance along t?.e eastern edge of thej Coriuicy. north west of Rheims. has
have accomplished another remarKahlo virtra lv closes the eastern exit rIso been captured.
, i .1 lro' 'he Grand Pre gap. The onl :
feat of arms. There is probably noth- railrolJ uvaIab to the triKips ! FRENCH OFFICIAL.
ing more formidable in the Hinden- the woodtj region north of Orfeuil j -We gained a footing on the railway
burg line anywhere than the defenses is now under the fire of French guns. ! e.t of St. Quentin an j advanced fight
which the Germans had raised here. Vouziers is -directly threatened by ing to the eat of Faubourg D' Isle,
to defend their accesg to the region . the latest advance. A hundred prisoners were taken,
commanding the valley uf the Aire' In tho center of a long buttle line, "Northwest of Rheims we raptured
and Grand Pre. General Berthelot's troops have ad-; Corinicy and reached the Aisne canul
After breaking through lines of.vanced within close reach of Fort bet en Concevrcux aad Iinou.il
trenches and barbed wire five miles I Brliiiont and have captured Ixilvro. i lette.
deeo General Gouraud attackvl this This c ncmirng s the hope that the t "In champagne the battle continues
oo-iitlcn and carried it acainst rein- i itv of Rheims will soon be cntirci : violentlv. e enlargei our gains 111
In the enemy's hand.
Extension of the Franco-Belgian
rive north of General Plumer's im
owever. would permit the Brlt.s
commander to move forward lo the
big wc.odod bastion out of the fis.t-
.,-.. I'.i.. a annnniii'Au tini,'ht TlieV
tuvailce to the l 11,11 111 win- i-ui u. ou; uiiit-
m.ut tor niai rea.-on n is inoogr.i
Mont ' " ne orive is to ne autn-ipait-u on nif
Koulers trout wltli large i-rciicn or
; ing line. The Americans are slowly
j approaching the rendezvous.
I In their retreat from Albania the
j Atistro Uungarians everywhere are i'-i
flight before the Italians, burning tho
towns and depots behind thorn. Large
, numtXTs of prisoners an.l qiiantitics
British forces supplementing the work;'' "' i""',-...
of toe Belgian armies.
Thi- evucimtion of Lens foreshadow
:ho corl lal'nof Himi iI. already rti:ly
prcssed from the south. It is clear
Hat Hie grand strategy of Marshal
Fo:h contemplated pinching the ene
my out of the whole IJlle-Douai sectvr
TWENTY KILLED IN CLEVELAND
CLEVELAND. Oct. 3 Twenty mu
nition workers were killed instantly at
Bedford, a suburb, today when a Penn
sylvania railroad passenger train
and the abnormal tiuiet th:t has pre- pirP, through a crowd of about 50
vailed along the Lens front up to row
is explained. Th,. supreme command
er is today realizing the full success
of that plan.
What eflect the break in the nortu
mav have on the remainder ot tne
ROME. Oct. 3 A semi
(Contlnueu on Page Two)
t i. ,h " I . lne,oan- " forced troops that counter attacked . freed from the lire of German arlil- the region north of Somme-Py. Break- ""V' , "" r, j,,, . J w 1 nortllbound p-r train, ru
en taken by the condition makes U necessary for tke ' -, in va, ! p.rv. lnK the cnen.v resistance we capture,! renm ins to '"" "d V , 45 miles an hour ran them down
people to come forward with their Mb- 1,1 ' , Ve",,", or Cnallcrance and ' l.hu- Mont crest and Medah farm, five " 'h'vt ' " , st sM ing dead and injured in all dire
..,,,, Isrriptions without waiting to be called f ro ix l)e s Sou d" n s b v the Kre n c h srr-J TAKE 3.800 PRISONERS. kilometers northwest of Somme-Py. "n J JTaZuZ1 VMln J "' ot ,he
mi-official state- po. The second unfavorable factor. cm,Tomioa the position of I'AIM, Oct. 3-The French troops, "Prisoners to the number of 2.S0O of 8 f;'ne "".bound train, blames the accide
(Continued on Pace Two)
whatever German troops remain In the 1 cai'tured 2.SH0 prisoner today, the , wt re taken today.
(Continued on Page Five)
nu n in a dense fog. Twenty eight
or injured, three probably fatally.
The workmen had just alighted from
a southbound lmal train and were
standing on the crossing when the
northbound passenger train, running
hurl-
Irec tions.
north-
nt on
the fog. THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 4, 1918.
TWO
NOSEm1
PIFFLE; A CZECH
CALLS THEM
(By Review Leased Wire)
VIENNA, via Basel, Oct 3 Discus
sion of the government's declaration
a:-d the question of peace was begun
yesterday in the Austrian chamber of
deputies. The socialist deputies de
manded peace on the following basis:
The creation of a league of na
tions. No economic warfare.
No annexations.
The restoration of Serbia, Monte
negro and Belgium.
Revision of the treaties of Bucharest
and Brest-Litovsk.
A settlement of the eastern ques
tions on the basis of nationalities.
The regulation of the, Polish ques
tion by the Polish constituents.
"The estimation of automony for.
each nation in Austria-Hungary.
M. Stanek, a Czech deputy, caused
an .uproar in the chamber by violent
ly attacking Germany. He reaffirm
ed the solidarity of the Jugo-Siavs,
Poles and Czechs and declared that
the only means of reaching peace was
to accept President Wilson's fourteen
points.
The sitting ended with the introduc
tion of a motion demanding an interna
tional congress of peace to settle the
Polish and international questions.
EPIDEMIC
STILL RAGES
OVER NATION
(Continued from Page On) .
Winslow. Forty cases were reported
at Gallup, N. M.
NEW YORK, Oct. 3. Health Com
missioner Copeland in a statement
made public tonight said only 4,000
cases of Spanish influenza have de
veloped in Greater New York. , About
10 per cent of the victims have devel
oped pneumonia, statistics show, and
of these about b0 per cent have died.
Widespread tests to determine the
efficiency of the vaccine, discovery of
which -was announced this week, will
be begun here tomorrow, Mr. Copeland
said. He declared that the vaccine
had already proved successful in sora
cases.
Tomorrow, he said, enouuh of it
would be available to treat 15.000 p r
sons. The serum will be used only in
camps and residences where imminent
danger of the disease exists, and only
until the subjects have been immun
ized with more permanent vaccine.
Every,
IN BISBEE OUGHT TO
rf -rnr.-rrpr-rXi .wv.-s.y cr.icroescBr-rtSZXZ
1 if 's p a n a J
Friday Only -Dress Gingham
22 c yd.
400 yds. of plaids, checks and itripes, 27 inches
wide in blue, pink, lavender, tan and other combinations
of eclors. FRIDAY ONLY, 22c YD.
756 BATH TOWELS- 49c JL
VRIDAY ONLY, 22:-;44 heavy bath towels, in pkin
whkc and pink and blue pbids, four to a customer only.
I All Lace CURTAINS Less
1 I rdZ AY ONLY, white biege and eciu lace and net cur-
lair.n, 1-3 less the regular ccl'mg price. Priced fcr $1.03
?. id $12.5C ci 1-3 less. FRIDAY ONLY
B Bungalo APRONS, - $1.29
( "RJDAY CNLY, bu:.Galov a.-:-cr., ir.ade.of good
?j grr'J? cf girglrcni, in plai;-. -oios crd checks; bf-It'jc;
f'j b. 'h; cCjU-'.c. :.'.ck, -,. pcthci li i.vr.-'.U --it!; cc;:
lr:.:l:::g colors. Dir...;, LIucj, Lure. it. p!a.n coloni, chi cks
Jj ra J : urcc cl-ipcc. .ccccr.u fleer. FRIDAY CNLY
i
J.,.t,.2sJ--K
j which is expected to produce imiuun
i ity for several months.
STILL RAGING IN CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. Oct.3. :rty-five deaths, i
twenty of which were caused by pneu
monia and twenty-five by influenza,
were reported to' the health depart
ment today. . Eighty new ases of
pneumonia and 37(- cases of Influenza
were-tportfd. . ' '
L'ept. 25," when the first case
of ini'uc!i:i was reported, until today
reports of 1,579 persons suffering from
the cisease have been received. One
1 undred and two deaths were report
ed since that time from the same
disease. In the same period IS" per
sons have died from pneumonia.
CLOSE SCHOOLS IN PUEBLO.
PUEBLO, Colo.. Oct. 3 With eight
kni wn cases of Spanish influenza in
Pueblo, the health officials and city
commissioners today took draMic
measures to prevent a spread of the
disease. All churches, schools and
theaters, dance halls, pool halls, are
ordered closed and lodge meeting
and other gatherings are prohibited
according to a pnDdamation issued
tonight and becoming effective tomor
row morning. There have been no fa
talities in Pueblo to date.
DENVER THREATENED
DENVER, Colo., Oct. 3 Admission
that the epidemic form of Spanish in
llurnza has reached Denver was made
tonight by Dr. Wm. H. Sharpley, man
ager of public health. Five deaths
due to pneumonia following grippe or
influenza have been reported in Den
ver within the laFt thirty-six hours.
Dr. Sharpley and his advisory com
mittee of twelve physicians issued a
statement to all doctors and hospitals
md ltd u;on the public to use
all reasonable precautions to prevent
a spread of the disease. Drastic meas
ures including the closing of schools,
.musements and ail public gathering
will be taken if the situation warrants
it, Cr. Pharp!ey stated.
Reports from the state university at
Bouider, where the epidemic has been
running its course among . the army
men taking technical training, indicate
vo mater.al changes in the situation
during the last 24 hours.
STRINGENT ACTION IN PEN N,
HARRISBURG, Pa., Oct. 3 Dr. B.
F. Boyer, state commissioner of health,
tonight issued an order closing every
place of public amusement and every
saloon in Pennsylvania because of the
influenza epidemic.
APEX PASSED AT CAMP DEVENS.
AYEfi. Mass.. Oct. 3 The most de
'ued dron in the death rate at Camp
Devens since the influenza epidemic
reached its height came today. The
base hospital reported 14 deaths from
influenza and pneumonia, as compared
with 33 yesterday. There were 28
rew cas3s of pneumonia and 50 of in
fluenza. THREE CASES AT GLOBE
GLOI'E, Ariz., Oct. 3. Three cases
of Spanish influenza were reported
aniens civilians here this afternoon.
Attending physicians state that the
Woman j
READ THIS NEWS:
91
!CC..'r.r - - .l.
cases are extremely mild and no serl
ous results are expected.. The doe
tors do not fear a spread of the epi
demic in this city.
AMERICAN FRONT UNCHANGED j
WITH THE AMKRICAN ARMY
NORTHWEST OP VERDUN. Oct. 3.
(Bv the Associated Press). Except
for slow but continued progress in j
the Areonne fortst the situation on,
the American front is unchanged.
BOND SALES
NOW TOTAL
626 MILLIONS'
j
'Continued from Page On)
and by far the most serious one, is
the feeling which is prevalent in some The report of Vice Admiral Sims in
communities that the glorious news dicated that the Tampa was torpedoed
from the battle fronts reflects a mili-1 while escorting a convoy.
tary situation which warrants a sleek-;
cning of our efforts here at home.
Nothing could be further from the
truth and no more insidious propa
ganda than this could be circulated
by the enemy.
"The time 13 ripe for the final
stroke which shall lead to complete
victory and enduring peace, but that
stroke cannot be delivered in a day
or a week.
"The strength of our military efforts
must be multiplied. Our fighting
forces must feel behind them tha
steadying support of the American
people. The supply of American arms
and ammunition must not be interrupt
ed or diminished. Now is the time for
speed t speed and the maximum of
force at the. present time means an
earlier return of our boys from the
bloody battle fields means the saving
of American lives and the winning
of a glorious and conclusive victory.
OREGONpVER THE TOP
. PORTLAND. Ore., Oct. a. Oregon's
quota of $J3.708,130 in the fourth Lib
erty loan, was broukht to completion
tonight when new subscriptions were
annouueed which more than filled
Portland's apportionment or T 18.232.
421. The conmiittee anuouncej tha:
Portland will claim the honor of being
the first city of Its class in the coun
try to go over the top.
NEW YORK, Oct. 3. The New York
federal reserve district, with a fourth
Liberty loan quota of H.SliO.OOO.nOO. to
night had subscribed only flS3.340.75O,
or 10.7 per cent cf its allotment. New
York City's total is $142,577,850.
Among 4arge subscriptions an
announced today were J3.000.000 by
the Utah Copper company, $1.0t)0,0u0
each by the Nevada Consolidated Cop
per company, Ray Consolidated Cop
per company. Texas company and Ken
necott Copper corporation.
"AMERICA AWAKE"
7
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Oct.' 3. Sol
diers and saiiois and mothers of
ycung children were the only classes
f citi7.cns exsmpted from a call to
national service issued here today by
Col. Theodore Roosevelt during the
jourse of a Liberty Loan address.
Speaking as "pne American to all
-flier Americans," the former presi
dent urged "one common devotion tc
our country and our flag."
"America has x waked up." he de
clared, "and you can better appreciate
what this admission means from me
when you recall that I did not hesi
tate to tell you when I thought you
were asleep. America has made up
its mind to win this war to win
as soon as possible, but to imnt it
through to the end."
A crowd estimated at 12,000 heard
the address.
"Money, munitions, airplanes, ships
will not win this war," the speaker
said. '"Just one thimr will win and
t!:at is the fishtins ability of the men
::t the front.
Profiteers who acuinuiate war for
tunes will leave "tainted mom-y" tn
their sons, he declared, and he seorci
the "blood brothers," the slackers, to
Kether with conscientious objectors,
"internationalists," pacilisls and lol
owers of the "black flas of German
ized socialism and the red fiaR of an
archy." ITALIAN ARMY, IS NOW .
TAKING ALL ALBANIA
(Cmtir.jt from PaEe One)
neni on the Italian operat.or.s in. ai
lj;ui i i s.iys: j
ue hav (.ccupien lseral ana ui
vanced beyond the tov. n."
VIENXA. via London, Oi t. 3. "Wc
have withdrawn our divisions trom
j Albania. This w;is rendered n ce:.
sary by events on the. Bulgarian
I froiit.
'Herat fell into the hands cf fie en
emy vitiioat a litht."
ROOSEVELT
SAYS
I pi ic-.'it lsi.'j .-, i,u agi -i-n.fiit picnics1
; AUSTRIAN3 LOSE NAVAL EACH j tCt ...X(.4 uuuiiis .cr n.c.c v...
HO'MiC. Friday, Oct. 4 - A::: ):ci:i. ft . uLa vi.nu.it i.alJ pi.c,,. .. .i... u.
; r.riiish and Italian warsli:;:.; havy i ,-eady have uuon uauiiuctuicu, ni..y '
stroyed the Austrian naval lr.e at j ,y BJd unai a.ie i, ux-j. ahm tu ..
Uarazzo and tno warships inrhorod ailt. ;i 4. Vy. mipos-io.'j to ouy tcauy
thero, according to a:i aii:.oj:i .i..;iur.t j .njJJ Ss.iii to. hijiu mm i2. h.'
made by I'rcmitr Orlan lo. j 1() V hois oi tu'- iypj usajny worn tn
! '1 '.vi atttc-K on !ura:.c tc:.;'.;'. -tl;e b'uainicr months the maxim -ttn
: noon c:i Wednesdiiy. wli.:n itili..:; Ci .,4 0
uritiaa cru.s-crj. jr.1ec.1n i.y 1 nu..
and aliic.l tr.r;iu''ii bajt.i .' : i at 4
ici.i sul.mai inns succccd.1,1 in i ai:i:i;4
tii 'ir v.ay, through i:ii:-.e f.cii.4 .1: d.
avVilia? ..t'a.'V.s 1-y suVni-.e .
into D:ir:i?"o har.ior.
An int :! buiiiliardiiicnt iuilowcil
lint.! tii-' 'ci.ies and the Aiutiiii'i sliip.
am lici ( il. '..jr- cnuiplcfly c!'-.;. 0 :-l.
I il :ui oiiilcis in the t- !li 1 a
'. ; e.i 111 y litv, tl'rdi:'d ai' . -.i .-' 1 1 1 hi
c! 'stro;. and a eteamer. An Mhrr
v -s-iel, which was 11 cdKiii.'ctl as a In s
Mt il s.hip. wai a:lt;.i-l to 'h.li.iw
I:rit.K!i :-t.1 l' il:a t arri:i::.. r
! 1 .i 1 1 I'l soli. Oi. T M 1:1.1:1
a-.i'i a'ivil h is vr tij-'- ':r
:;i ;; if I ;fl- i.i:;vi'.' f tiv
boi to di.al with any m-iiiy wai.ii'pj
SOFT
WASHINGTON, Oct. 3. In the loss
of the patrol boat Tampa, sunk in the
Bristol channel with all on board, on
the night of Sept. 26, the navy uultcr
ed its greatest single blow of the war,
navy department advices Indicated to
night. , '
The Tamna. whirh was formerly tha
rast guard cutter Miamt, carried a
comp' mcnt -of- ten officers and 102
me.a. and in addition to these one Iint-
! ish army officer and five civilian em-
p!o es are listed among the missing.
Other vessels of the convoy, which
it appears the Tampa had steamed
ahead of, made a thorough search in
the vicinity "after they teit the shocK
of the explosion, but they failed to
lind a single survivor. Two bodies in
naval uuiicrm were picked up, but
they had not been identified up to
the time Admiral Sims' latest dis
patches were filed.
Capt. Chas. Saterlee, formerly of the
coast guard service, was the . com
mander of the Tampa. His name and
those of the six other officers an I
9S men have been cabled to the navy
department by Admiral Sims as in
cluded among- those missing from the
Tampa. It was assumed that the
names of th other men wpuld be sent
as soon as they could be definitely as
certained. The list of missing officers received
from Admiral Sims follows:
Captains Chas. Satterlee. Gales Fer
ry, Conn., A. H. Scully, Savannah, Ga.
First Lieut. Engineers J. S. Carr,
Jamaican Plains, Mass.
First Lieuts. J. M. McGoorty, New
London, Conn.; R. A. Bothwell, Brook
lyn; J. M. Carp. Baltimore; James A.
. roM. jr., Brooklyn.
coining up to the assistance of the
port.
No losses or damage were suffered
by the aihed squadron, except a slight
injury to a. British cruiser by a tor
pedo from an enemy submarine.
Durazzo is a sea port in Albania,
fifty-three niiles sculh cf Scutari. It
is situHted im a peninsula in tho Adri
atic sea. for some tine past it has
been a bast for Austrian operations in
Alhania.
PRICES OF ALL
CLOTHING TO BE
OS
ANPA
BIG NAVAL BLOW
ITPjnFR rOMTRfll cnly or committee aineuaraems, dui
UlXUCrv VAn lV-L.also jmportant revisions suggested by
! the treasury department.
(Continued from Pare One)
and limited amounts allotted to him
with the determination to distribute
it "in some Uii and equitable way.
seeing that, as lar as possible, each :n
individual gets his share and gets it aa
a price that is fair." j
"When it comes to the question of
a fair price," Mr. Haruch continued, j
"that ' is very difticult answer. I j
uhr.nl, 1 -j!av rin-lili- that u fair nrice is
a price something IiKe tne normal
proiits in normal times. I know you
will all say that these are abnormal
time3. They are and we have got to
do abnormal and new things."
Representatives of the associaticn
were appointed to comer with the war
industries board in matters of oistri
bution and price control.
Though no details oi the plan to be '
followed in controlling clothing prices
has been announced by the boara. it is
nelieved'that the general policy adopt
ed in tiling the prices of shoes, will
oe f;ilowed. Standard prices for btund-
ard ciades of men's and wuiuen s
iij8Uits, hats and other articles of cloth-
probably will be established Dy
agreement with manufacturers and le
tailers. .
FIXED SHOE PRICES j
WASHING'! OX. Oct. 2. The Amer
ican people soon will be able to pur-1
cnase shoes at fixed maximum and j
minimum retail prices, lower than
tho.-se row prevailing and obtainable
at the tame tinw shoes of !etter qual- j
tty. This announcement was made
today by the war" industries board :
based on an agreement it has entered i
into witn the Mioe industry. I
Hhaes will lie stsndaidized as to;
quality and style at prices ranKini; j
iro:n 3 to $1 lor men and women!
i grouped at toiiows: Class A. from 'J
u C lass H,( to ai.d t las
C, to $:j.uO. rrnportionate prices ;
lor youths and cniluien's sho;s nave
teen fixed in eacn ot the thie! classes, i
To Standards Shoes
Hy tile ai;reciii(:lit leacned by the
board and tut slice industry, aduilion-;
tl uetaits ot wnirn were nrue punlic
t,d':'.y, tno program and styles ot slioe. !
un ier tne regulated price plan win j
dirii'tM to mat ajmi.'unceu by tne j
l.xard l i June wiicreoy uutn s'.yics ana
tciois were restricted. A uumner ot 1
iiiiinuiaciureis airea iy tiave suricu I
work on the sL.ii;Ua:u:zcU giaucs. lu
nitve.ii ios to maiiuiaciaii.." ct iiiu- !
' yi.ee
I j'r;;ei c
1 wa.-e a
I tS foi'.ov.-s:
..r:a, uhi:d.c j . t jc;j v ... :-.
:n:.Wj :d
A. ?
1 .' a:ia' ;i'
0 V"'1 '. 5
ii .
.'.5.
:,:i t -f .
inianls'.
1 1 an Ko.'
: ' d nra:i: i III
r . i 1 bo
the medium and low pri
. . 1 . . .;:.'
at 1 i;i!'.';ly.
M'.ACOO UHCCG w..r.o Of
IMMEDIATE
ACT'O'I
TTlll'iI ll'llll 1 'i; !
lT'- t-i.e tile :-e; riti. ii!:t!'.:o 'tr.,pr
4 1 t(,fi:i d1 ided f' iiiei't rl ui at I'l
i;'i!o k, cuiIiM- th.-. u usi.al, t ut short
CAPTAIN STOUT
IS 0111 HIGH -COMMISSION
Superintendent Stoirt of the
Copper Queen Smelter Is
Made Lieutenant Colonel in
Ordnance Department
The following telegram was re
ceived yesterday , by the Review from
Washington:
"Harry H. Stout has been appointed
a lieutenant colonel in the ordnance i
department of the United States
army. I
"C. P. HUNT. i
Captain Stcut left Douglas two ,
weeks ago for Washington to offer his
services to his country, after having
lieori KllnpriTltpnft(nt nf fhp I'npner '
Queen smelter in that city for about
. .1 l , .i : ... l. : . . v.
uue jcai aitu a utu, uuriu nuitu
ha Itiniimirntpfl enma npw fpntlirr'A
in smeltery which ha8 attracted the
attention of the mining industries in .
all sections ot the country. j
It had been the desire of Captain
Stout to enter the army with the entry !
cf the United States into the war, but j
he was persuaded that his services at
the smelter, until he had perfected his
new ideas about the operation of a
reverberatory furnace, would be mora
valuable to his country than would ;
be his service in the aimy.
Captain Stout is a graduate of West
Point and for two years after leaving
that institution he had active ser
vice, including action in Cuba during I
the Spanish-American war. In Cuba i
he was in both the principal battles
of that conflict. j
Returning irom .Cuba he became '
counected with the ordnance depart- '
I ment of the army, re-.nnining in that
service for two years, so he is fully
trailed for the service he is now to
undertake.
Colonel Stout was granted a leav.
from his position at the smelter and
expects to return to Douglas to make
his home alter he shall have been re
leased from the ordnance department
after the war has been fought to a su-'-c?ssful
finish.
the luncheon period and work later
each day. Even with this procram.
Chairman Simmons said much time
will be required for consideration not
era-
mm
r
Buy
usiness
review job j
Jr' fc Jmt i in ' ' '. .-'a ..t. i. l"
u
fa
PAY
t i ram
FRIDAY AND SATURDAY
Fancy 4-Tier Bellsflcur
J.
' 1
PURE FOOD GROCER
Phone 29
L
U. S. Food Adrnir.icbration Licenss No. G-16109
YELLOW PAIUT FOR
ELP.R.R.STOCKERS
(Hy P.i vii w 1..-;imh1 V:ic
EL PASO. Texas, Ov t. 3 Two Mex-,
icans ompioyed at t'no El Fato &
Southwestern shups were painter! with j
yellow paint t:day by other employes i
after tliey h:;d r( . ;Lit'i!!y refused to
subscribe to the fourth Liberty Icun. i
The shopmen recently received their'
increase in pay which was retroact've. :
All of the men in. rsU d this iS0,o0 :
surplus in Liberty bonds except three
Mexicans. Lubi Larra ;nd Jose 'il- (
lavea were takn from tho shops an,l 1
coated with yellow p;iint. The third .
Mexican escaped before the paint !
could he applied. All will be dis
charged it was announced tonight. i
"Right and Liberty have abli "rated
snace and the ocean to bring Kr?.r.t-;
and America together."
I Poincare.
l'T'.-sident ,
GOAT 1,1 ILK
Knrrd to KolWi
Easiest ;o eldest.
ll-us. Caa
25c
WIDFMANN'S
COAT Mll.K
LASORAlOr.iES
PkjiioM.Ulj.Sia Fi
Sud by DruggUts
Your
1
Hill
Tncrcoti.pi:nt n
is rtevimi wuen n
thebauy S
has tc jc fg-- 7
when cow's milk . C ; -s
tfcannot he dclK-ntitti on w
Cii. thn if yoa irv Goat .. '.. V. . "A i
fcwMUk you w-'.l never -
fcT oidoahv KVv? V'
food, a-,vx.v
l. i 1 ' v "
in
Why pay extra money for fancy
boxes and wrappings? Get it with
out the frills, cut to any size you
wish, made up into packages, pads
or tablets to suit your needs.
We have a very good grade ;
TYPEWRITER PAPER whic:
we are selling at $1.35 per rear.
(bjixl 1 inches)
Also a good assortment of
Envelopes- - all sizes
Ruled Ind-jx Cards
Mailing Tubes assori :c I
Carbon Paper
Blotting Paper, Etc.
it
99
Box
ANGIU
RAY COPPER CO.
TAKES A MILLION
A telegram from Ray, Aria., to Jo
seph E. Curry of this city yesterday
was as follows: "Ray Consolidated
has Hubjcribed one million dollars
worth of Liberty bonds. S.gned, L. S.
Cates."
Good for Ray! The copper compan
ies of Arizona have been in the front
rank of every war work and activity
from the beginning. Each company
vies witn the other in efforts to mine
every pound of copper possible in the
face of the labor shortage and diffi
culty in getting materials and in doing
and giving for every k;nd and condi
tion ot war and relief work for the na
tion and her all.es. .
Our future is vitally linked with
tht of the allied nations.
Those who dare all must snare all.
Richard Glaze, Oph. D.N.D.
Practice Limited to Eye and Nerv
Disorder.
Phone 156 O'fice and retldenco
tirtt house west of Masonic Temple,
Main Street. Bttbee, Arizona.
Glasses f tted by tne latest methodv
HENNESSY
Undertaking Parlors
PJ.ONE15. ok st.;
aiionery
r .- -f ft.
it ai w V
Upstairs J
THE EISBEE DAILY REVIEW, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 4, 1918.
.rlT. 1 11111 1 1 1 1 ,111 1 I"' II' III II
.. i-. v; '. ;.. 3
V. : VTVsl:: V.;'. -
Civ i ?:?? ' 1
r-----,. . . ... ' -v . . - - :
a- Mhr'' ' Itais Grave, ' OIL jJw
: lb t Vi:0
V V
Fu;
n
k Ih
e
a
Sunday
By REV. WILLIAM A. SUNDAY
Uncle Sam's Liberty war chest needs filling
again!
We have the cash to fill it as many times as
he lifts the lid.
There are only two horns to this dilemma
you are either a patriot or a traitor.
The men on the firing line and on the battle
ships have turned from business, home, mother, wife, chil
dren, and they stand ready to give their lives and shield with
(heir bodies us who remain at home.
We are unworthy to be thus protected, if we
do not do our utmost to sustain them.
We must be one in our determination to win
this war. We are traitors to the cause for which they are
giving their lives, if we do things here that make their efforts
harder.
- Life is not worth living'unless there is some
thing to live for. Life would not be worth living if that bunch
of Heinies should win.
That is why they cannot win. That is why
we cannot lose.
What a mountain of crime God has on his
books against that horde of Hellish Huns. What grave is
deep enough for this thousand -armed, thousand - footed,
thousand -headed, thousand-horned, thousand-fanged pirate
of the air, assassin of the seas, despoiler of the earth and am
bassador of Hell!
The army and navy will dig the grave, but
we must furnish the spade.
Our boys will soon hang crape on the door of
the Potsdam Palace, and the bands will play Yankee-Doodle
and Dixie along the Rhine.
Uncle Sam is the cactus in the Kaiser's pillow.
Our Bovs have gone over to clean up on that
fool bunch of Huns and it is up to us to supply them with
whatever they need to finish the job. It takes money to keep
the riveters riveting the sawyers sawing the machine guns
spitting bullets ana the grub wagon always on hand with the
eats. There is nothing too good for our brave defenders.
Our vocabulary contains no words adequate
to express our approval of the achievements of our govern
ment since we threw our hat in the ring. We are rich on tcp
of the ground; we are rich under the ground and our rivers
creep like silver serpents to the seas, bearing our products.
The children of England, France, Italy and
Belgium are laughing once more because they are being fed
from Uncle Sam's bal:eshop. One carload of meat every two
minutes, one hog out of every four, nine million pounds of
meat a day- all going over to feed our boys. We are in this
scrap to the last dollar, the last grain of wheat, the last day.
We will never stop until Germany dips her dirty blood-stained- rag to the Stars and Stripes.
It's a whale of a job we've tackled, but we can and must put it over.
Buf you must help.
Don't whine. Don't knock. You can't saw wood with'a hammer. Don't turn the hose
on the fire; add fuel.
Buy Bonds !
Buy Bonds I
This Space Contributed to Winning the War by
Buy Bonds!
Arizona Coooer Co.
Ooiii) Arizona Cooper Co. Shaltucl
THREE
pi
hi
!i
II
Mi
I'
I
9'
(Ml
1 1 'I
Mil
-.tit
it
1
nil - - THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 4, 1918.
FOUR
Sijc SHsIicr Daily iRu??ui
PUBLISHED EVERY DAY EXCEPT MONDAY BY THE
STATE CONSOLIDATED PUBLISHING COMPANY.
CULLEN A. CAIN Editor ami General Manage
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
The Associated Press is exclusively entitled to the
use for re publication of all news dispatches credited to
it or not otherwise credited to this paper and also the
local news published herein.
All rights of re publication of special dispatches here
in arc also reserved.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES, PAYABLE .N ADVANCE:
I'Elt MONTH .' - -75
THREE MONTHS 2.26
SIX MONTHS 4-W
TWELVE .MONTHS - 7-50
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per 'ear 2.50
SlNDAY (Our Weekly) per quarter ,75
No Subscription Taken For Less Than 75 Cents
Damascus and St. Quentin! Two most
important mileposts on the way to Constan
tinople and Berlin.
Did you ever see a big turkey with a
flaming red comb and spread tail feathers
and loud gobble-gobble come out of the
woods the day before Thanksgiving and
roost on the old chopping block by the
woodpile within three feet of the double
bitted axe? No? Well take a look at the
nation of Turkey as represented by its cab
inet today which has decided to stand by
the German alliance.
It is estimated that the allies captured
eighty thousand prisoners in the seven days
from Tuesday of last week to Tuesday of
this week. This means that since July 1 8
the allies have taken about a quarter of a
million prisoners, more than twice as many
in less than' three months than were taken
in the three years previously. German
losses in men, guns and military stores since
Foch struck last July have been tremendous.
No army, no matter how large or well pro
vided for, can stand such losses without it3
efficiency being sadly impaired.
It is reported that the Turkish cabinet has
decided to stand by the German alliance.
Naturally, with Constantinople policed by
Germans and the Turkish armies command
ed and dominated by Germans, the poor
Turk elects to stay with his bad bargain. His
far eastern armies have been destroyed and
soon the allies will threaten from Aleppo,
the back door of Turkey proper. His com
munications with Germany are cut and his
military end is near. And how like the Turk
it is to select this time to stand pat with only
two torn deuces in his hand.
Proposals to warn Germany that her
system of burning and dynamiting all
French and Belgain towns and cities she is
compelled to evacuate will meet with re
prisals with the Rhine cities paying the
price, are meeting with the strong approvals
of the allied peoples. It is the only way to
reach the Prussian and make him under
stand. This work of detailed ruin, pillage
and destruction has been going on on a
small scale ever since the beginning of the
war, but in the next few weeks it may well
reach a large scale, for a general
retreat faces the invaders. Now is the time
to give fair warning to the Hun. And
stern and terrible as is this decision it is
also just. It is the only way to save scores
of the fairest and most historic cities of
France and Belgium. And, this warning
once proclaimed to the world, history will
place the blame for a ravaged Rhine upon
Berlin where it belongs.
i
Getting right down to cold cases, the
Germans held us pretty well everywhere
along the fighting lines Wednesday and
Thursday in the face of strong attacks.
The German staff, in spite of appalling
losses, is still able to find brave and skill
ful men by the thousand who will inter
vene betwen the allies and their beaten
armies with machine guns and fight to the
death. As long as these men can be found
the advance will be slow. As long as there
are German regiments who will counter
attack with ferocity and determination in
the face of fate and fearful gunfire the al
lied advance will be delayed. This is a neces
sity of modern war, made so by the machine
gun. But the allied artillery and tanks and
airplrnes and dash and daring have about
taken the measure the German machine
gun and pill box and dugout and tunnel
and concrete orr.pLcement. Held now, for
a day cr two, the allies will move on as
surely as the morning light. But the end
is not near, as yet. As long as the German
fir.l.' like 1? been fighting the past
two weeks, victory will remain a long ways
off. If Fcth drives the invaders back to
the Mouse line this year he will have done
r.Il thai b now h'pc-J or. Not until r.cxt
summer, with the American army of front
Kr.c fighters thrc : million strong, will Fcch
be able to follow up the threat of disaster
with disaster itself to the German forces in
the west. Always providing Germany's
industrial and civil support of the battle
line does not break before that time. The
allies know pretty well of the condition of
the German army, but of conditions behind
the lines they can only guess or judge by
hearsay. These latter may break any day,
or they may hold to the end with the army;
one guess is as good as another here.
There are not only slackers and German
sympathizers in no small number in the
Warren district at this time, but there are
German propagandists ! Does this surprise
you ? Well, it is true. Liberty bond work
ers have found them and they are
being indexed and identified for fur
ther consideration. The latest blow at
the fourth loan is the spreading of
the story that the effort to raise our quota
here is going to be abandoned. Think of
that! and our workers, men and women,
striving with might and main to get Bis
bee over the top at the first possible hour.
Tuesday of this week sixty-nine thousand
dollars worth of bonds passed through the
Bank of Bisbee alone. This day's results in
this single bank nails the German-born lie.
Chairman Gaines also declared yesterday
that some of the women workers are being
met with curt and even rude rebuffs and ill
considered and indifferent excuses for refus
ing to buy bonds. Chairmarr Gaines has
the name of every one of these persons.
Politeness and courtesy are due every bond
.seller in this district, and should be accord
ed as a matter of common decency, if not
patriotism. These men and women are
working for their country, not themselves,
and any boor who lacks in courtesy to them
will soon regret it.
THE UNIVERSITY
(From the Douglas International.)
Through the leadership of Dr. von Klein
Smid, president of the University of Ari
zona, this institution is fast becoming the
leading educational unit in the entire south
west. The fall term which has just opened,
in spite of every deterrent factor, is the
greatest in its history.
Many ups and downs have been experi
enced by the University of Arizona. There
was a time when it was literally, the football
of every legislature and of every politician.
Now that it has been established on a
solid foundation, the politician and the. leg
islator regard it as one of the few state insti
tutions which must be considered apart
from the party pie counter.
Under the leadership of von KleinSmid
we have seen the University grow tremend
ously. We have seen the attendance mount
steadily and the influence of the institution
increase proportionately. No longer is the
University of Arizona regarded as a "little
school. It is one of the biggest thing3 in the
great big west.
"A HELL OF A TIME TO STRIKE!"
(From the Salt Lake Telegram.)
"This is a hell of a time to strike in Amer
ica.
These are the words of an "American sol
dier in France, who has just received the
Croix de Guerre and a silver star for risk
ing his life to save that of a wounded French
officer, when told of labor troubles in cer
tain mills and factories in the United
States.
When this man, who is jeopardizing life
and limb twenty-four hours a day and seven
days a week for little more than a dollar
a day in money, says "This is a hell of a
time to strike," he expresses the indigna
tion which every man in the United States
army, navy or marines feels at the idea of
halting the war for higher wages.
Yet it is evident, both in this country and
England, that there is a certain labor ele
ment that thinks "it is a hell of a good time
to strike." Clearly one of these views is the
selfish and unpatriotic view and the other
is the unselfish and patriotic view. It does
not take long to determine which is which.
"THIS IS A HELL OF A TIME TO
STRIKE."
Kansas City Star: (By Wireless) Sofia.
Oct. 1 . To Emperor Karl, Vienna: Don't
think I love you any less, old man, and I
hate it just as much as you do. But times
have changed, and there's no use staying
with a dead one. Maybe you would like
to come on in yourself. The water is
fine. FERDINAND.
Kansas City Star: The indictment of
more I. W. W. members at Wichita will add
to the conviction that must be growing on
the kaiser that he spent a lot of money feel
ishly in this country.
Political Gossip
PLATFORM OF THE REPUBLICAN
PARTY OF ARIZONA, 1918
The republican party council duly
assembled at the capitol in Phoenix on
the first day of October, 1918, hereby
adopts the following program:
The republican party of the state of
Arizona declares that the employment
of the entire man power, and of all
the physical, financial and industrial
resources of the nation In the prose
cution of the war to a complete vic
tory, transcends all other questions be
fore the state and the nation. We de
clare that it is the supreme task of the
civilized world, to crush the German
military autocracy until it has ceased
to be a menace. We demand a victory
so complete and conclusive that it will
insure civilization against another war
for Teulonic domination.
We accord to the brave men of our
country who have already laid down
their lives for the cause of liberty, to
those who are fighting for us overseas,
and to those who are about to go, the
honor and gratitude they so richly de
serve, and we hail with pride the
splendid victories already achieved by
American arms.
We are proud of those leaders and
members cf the republican party in
congress who have given such splen
did support to the present administra
tion and have rendered such effective
aid in the enactment of the great war
measures. We deplore the disposition
wherever manifest to make the war a
partisan affair and to capitalize po
litically war activities. We insist that
the business of war upon which the
country ig now engaged is the business
of all the people of this land irrespec
tive of political affiliations. -
Wo condemn the I. W. W. whose ob
ject it is to embarrass the nation in
the prosecution of the war. We main
tain that there is no place in the coun
try today for those disloyal in act,
teachings or thought. We abhor the
tendency among some officials of the
state, and candidates for office, to
cater to those who are attempting to
impede the efficiency of the nation in
its present struggle.
We contend that Hon. Thomas E.
Campbell was duly elected governor of
Arizona in 1916 by the voters of the
state. We are convinced that the de
cision of the court, by which he was
deprived of his office and the 'com
pensation for his services, was purely
a political one and not in accord with
the facts in the case. We are satisfied
that the great majority of the people
of the state of Arizona are convinced
that he was legally elected to that of
fice and that, in a sense of fair play,
they will re-elect him by an over
whelming majority.
By the re-election of Governor
Campbell, a government that shall be
marked by efficiency and economy, by
a board and impartial consideration
that shall be given to the claims of
every interest and of every section and
above all, to the loyalty of the na
tional government the times so im
peratively demand, will be assured to
the people of the state.
We urge in this connection the im
portance of the election cf our entire
state ticket and of a legislature that
will be in accord with the state ad
ministration in its effort to promote
the ends of good government.
We present as our candidate for our
representative in congress one whose
Americanism is untainted by pacifism;
one who has never doubted the righte
ousness of American participation in
the war; cne who proves his faith by
his work, and who is fighting in
France impelled wholly by sense Of
duty and love of country.
Thomas Maddock is splendidly qua
lified by character, energy and ability
to represent our great state in the
house of representatives in times of
peace. The experience he has gained
at one of our gallant and victorious
American army especially fits him to
render services of a high order at this
time both to the state and to the na
tion. We commend him to the pa
triotic people of the state in the fullest
confidence that his candidacy will
meet with their approval and be fol
lowed by his election.
THE ALLIES' BIG OBJECTIVE CUT OFF HIS TAIL AND CRUSH HIS
BACKBONE
1A- J
-nuihnell
Greatest Single Exploit of Entire War;
British Division Wins Undying Fame;
Fight Like Palladius; Terrifies Huns
WITH THE BRITISH AK.MY ON
THE ST. QUENTIN, Oct. 3, (By the
Associated Press.) Among the Eng
lish divisions which have mado dee?
gains north of St. Quentin in the re
cent fighting is the torty-sixih com
manded bv a majjr general who was
a private in the South African war.
It was this division which Iirst cross
the Hindenburg line at St, Quentin
canal, north of Bellenglise last Sun
day.
The entire division attacked from a (
point 2000 yards from the canal and
virtually annihilated all the Hermans ;
hi.l.iinf the first Hindenburg line
ATROCIOUS
DOUBLE
MURDER AT GLOBE
GLOBE, Ariz., Oct. 3 Officers re
turning trom the Black Kivcr district
tonight report a most atrocious mur
der of two young men, supposedly by
the third member of a party which
was traveling overland from Winkle
man. According to the story of an
Indian who talked with the' party last
Wednesday, the two men, whose bod
ies were found yesterday, had camped
rc-ir the scene of the murder last
wick. .The officers were unable to
identify the bodies, t!ie only clew is
the statement of the Indian that one
of the boys was returning to Camp
Cody, where his father had secured a
government contract. The hoys were
ab ;ut 19 years of ag. When found
.he bidios were weighted Jon with
a i.ir-'e sf.iie. Tho skull of each man
was crushed, apparently by a blunt
:r,s r .ni( nt. It vivunon and Gil l
ti'in'v (.I'i'ials ;Te searching th
country for th0 third member of the
party, w! o is said to be traveling in
i.'it spring wagon drawn by two
t'H'ii. i .-V o.-ding to the doserinlion
':lv r. by the Indian, he is about .' feet
) !; inilies in height : appears to bo
i about 411 years of age; wears a shir
In 'ill and w-iiihr. ( lose to 17j poinds.
j WHAT WILL SPAIN DO NCW7
i i:v iVvirw l.i .is- ,1 W in )
I MAI)KII. Friday. Oct. 1. (My the Av
!si:ciati-:l Press, t The Spanish steamer
j Kr.inc'iili lias been torpedo'-d by a Gi
I man submarine. Hoeordiru to an an
i iviiiiii i ni-'iil by the minister cf marine.
j Tin- Kiaucoili viiH an linn ' ;nii' r
of 1241 'mis Sh" was ln;il! in 1
and was ZM Ret lots, lie l I'.OUie poll
I as Barcelona.
there. Then being unable to see two j
feet because of the dense fog. these j
soldiers followed the explosions ol
their barrage to the canal banks,
where, under the leadership of a
brigadier general already the winner ;
of the Victoria cross, piunged into the
water.
The opposite bank was lined with
German machine guns. Some of the
British wore life belts removed f r the j
occasion from the 'leave" boat plying j
between England and France, while
others plunged boldly in and swam j
across through a perfect hail of bul
lets. Some went hand over hand
across life lines. Only one man was j
drowned in the whole operation.
Germans Terrified j
Once on the other bank trn men .
of this North Midlands division innne-1
diately plunged into the fight, tought ;
their way up the slippery canal banks. I
went over the enemy parapets an! j
finished off hundreds in every section j
with bayonets and rifles and pistols
fired at point blank. The termini I
Germans just a little bit further back;
saw the performance and run for their j
lives. j
During the operations cf a single ;
day this division by its dash end
quick fighting took 4:!"0 prisoners. sev-1
enty cannon, more than loon machine
guns and great quantities of war ma-
terial.
Greatest Feat in History j
The total casualty list of the division ,
was only suit. This is regarded by the
British armv us the greatest feat ever I
performed by a British division.
In addition to the difficulties al
ready related, the ground over whicU
the men attacked east of the canal lay
between two hills, on either side o;
which the Germans had their fvl.i '
guns. The smoke barrage an I the ;
terrific bombardment from the Il: it:h j
cannon kept the Ormvi t- -ly quiet;
until the canal had been cms. ed. but j
tlu-n many baiteiies becan filing down j
on the advancing Enclit-hmen. in many
instances th enemy ui;:- w re
charged by groups of KiigUshiiien sml
finished olf mi hand le hand lighting i
One battery of t'T. e TT's on f'.ie t p
of the hill v. as especially obnoxious
and p.Tt cf a ''o-iipany charged rlgh'
into she i.ioi ills of the guns with tii"
Germans firing at the Knglislimen
;oi,:t Mink with open sights. I.n-k
: 1 v i hey sea, the .-In l.s mi r the heads
c f I lit attackers.
Bayonets in Throats '
T- 1 inglishuicut lina'ly n .ic lied the
Lii when the tinned to fire on -tanks
w'lhh were advancing and out
Ginu.ia gunr.or v. a:: bavoneted to
ih.ati'. i:tll toil.iv one ef these tier
trail g'lnin rs is lying m-ros his gun
i ini.iie Willi his baud on the breech
Heck I'M,- and a bayonel woui'd
Ihn ligh his throat.
l..i!'ig tl:e c-un.il tricig an Lag-
! lish cuil'i ia" discjveicd the Germans
.'ad not blown up a wagon bridge over
the canal, so he got a handful of men
first to finish off the enemy's machine
gun post cn this side of the bridga.
Then, all alone, he dashed acrftss it.
although there were probably a dozen
machine guns pointed at him from
the other bank anJ jumped into a
hole m t.'-e ground where three Ger
man pioneers were waiting-the ordei
to throw the switch and blow up the
bridge with demolition charges. The
corporal bayoneted two of the men
and accepted the surrender of the
third, who offered to show hira wher
the charges were. The corporal cut
the wires leading to the explosive
under the bridge and the bridge was
of immense value to his comrades
immediately afterward.
The Engiisnnien bagged nearly a
thousand prisoners at one place during
this engagement.
How They Took the Tunnel
After Hie Englishmen had crosesfl
the canal one party was sent to cue
end of the Bellenglise tunnel and an
other to the other end. There wer
signs immediately that the tunnel was
full of men. Therefore, a captured
German howitzer was brought up to
ere end of the tunnel's mouth and a
shot was sent screaming through it.
Immediately, terror stricken Germans
began literally to -pour from the tunnel
with their hands up. yelling "kame
rad." One shot from their own how
itzer was enough completely1 to change
the plans cf these Germans who Tery
apparently in hiding hoping that the
English would pass on and enable
them to come out and attack from
the rear as others of their comrada
did in the rase of Americans who
reached advanced positions in the
neighborhod of Gouy.
The tunnel later was found to be
littered with machine guns, rifles, am
munition and all the equipment
the thousand men who abandoned "'
in their terror.
If prisoners taken in the Annen
tieres sector are to be believed it
would appear that the Germans here
are intending at this time to retreat
generally to the line miming just ia
front of Lille.
PHILADELPHIA SHUT UP TIGHT.
PHILADELPHIA. Pa.. Oct. 3 The
nicst sweeping closing order issued by
the Philadel:lii:i beard of health in
many years was decided upon today
in p:i effort to cherk the epidemic of
Spanish influenza and pneumonia
which is growing more serious here
each day.
All schools. churches, Sunday
schools, theaters and public ga:herines
of all kinds were ordered closed for
an indefinite period.
EX-AMBASSADOR'S WIFE AIDS WOUNDED
WHO ARE CONVALESCING IN ENGLAND
v
x. -.
Irs. WatU-r llincs Page at the bftlsido of a wounded Ameru-an soldier.
Mrs. Walter Hines Tnge. the wife of the former ambassador to Crx'at.
Britain, is a member of the "care committee" of the American Red Cross.
Over six hundred women are enrolled as members and thev make it theirj
duty to visit regularly the wounuVd Americans in bao hospitals. , THE BISBEE Daily REVIEW, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 4, 1918.
FIVE
1
THE SATURDAV
PARADE SURE
ur mm
Preparations for the bis Liberty
bond parade by the women workers
are going ahead splendidly. The suc
cess of this great demonstration is
assured. In order that the C. Ai A.
band may lead the marchers it is ne
cessary that the parade start at :M
on the dot and it is declared that
it WILL start at that ntinute, even
though all those who are to march
have not arrived at the Doyle house,
up Tombstone canyon, from where the
procession will start.
The following organizations of wo
men will take part:
Ladies with relatives in army and
navy.
Liberty bond workers.
Red Cross organizations.
Allied Blind association.
Allied French and Belgian workers.
Relief organizations.
Home service orgauiaztions.
Y. W. C. A. orgauiaztions.
Ladies' Motor corps.
Boy Scouts.
The parade will march from the
Doyle house to City park. Order of
parade will be announced tomorrow
morning.
BRITISH DRIVE
FORWARD FOR
FIVE MILES
(Continued frira Page Or.a) j
lish were assisted by large numbers j
of tanks which carried out their tasks:
with the customary efficiency. Some
of these tanks were manned by!
Americans v-ho had ben attached to
the British tank units. '
Reports from aviators say the tanks ,
have rolled rapidly over the country
materially helping the infantry to1
clear out the Germans who had made
a dive for cover from the hurricane of
British shells.
As the Infantry gained ground the
British guns were constantly moved
up to positions from which they could
continue pounding the Germans, who
at least in the northern battle area,
seemed to be in f all flight.
In Full Retreat .
The roads In the general direction
east of Gouy are reported full of tran-
sports and men
nd some bodies of.
troops have reac
ed points at least
five miles in the (rear. No new Ger
man troops appeared in the battle
here, although the enemy certainly
must have known that the position
was bound to be attacked.
This is a sign that cannot be Ig
nored and one in which the British !
commanders find considerable satis
faction. Among the towns captured on this
battle front were Gouy, Lecatelet,
Ramicourt, Sequehart, Wiancourt and
Beaurevoire.
BELGIANS STILL GAIN.
HAVRE, Oct. 3. "French and Bel
gian troops today attacked the enemy
positions east of Staden. Despite the
German resistance we advanced our
lines two kilometers, reaching the out
skirts of Hooglede (almost directly
north of Roulers), as well as the road
between Hooglede and Roulers. A vio
lent counter attack west of Roulers
completely failed.
"Yesterday a Belgian armored car
passed through the German lines and
penetrated Roulers despite a violent
117
DAGO JOE -
Vs.
The Greek
Demon
Geo,
STAR THEATRE 8:00 P. M.
MONDAY, OCTOBER 7TH
Ad
lmbbiOiL
Ladies Are Especially Invited
J. D. HENSLEY, Promoter
J Everything New OPPOSITE DEPCT Everything First C!ass
i U. S. A. HOTEL
The Wist CcrtraHy Located Hotel in Eisbte. Phore Green
HOOMo BY DAY, WEEK OR MONTH
German fire. It returned through the
German iiosiiions and readied our
lints.
"on the northern front a few prison
ers were taken iu raicor operations."
WILSON STARTED BOND RALLY.
i WASHINGTON, Oct. 3. President
Wilson, by purchasing a $1,000 bond
'at a tiieater tonight, started a rally
Iv.hkh resulted in the sale of $40,000
worth of Liber:y Bonds.
BERLIN "REPULSES" THEM STILL
Rv P.vit w I.tuiwl Wire)
BERLIN, (via London) Oct. 3.
"Vigorous enemy attacks northwest
of Roulers and on a wide frout north
of Sty Quontin and In Champagne
failed," says the evening report from
general headquarters. "The enemy
suflered heavy losses."
HAIG REPORTS GOOD GAINS
LONDON, Oct. 3. The attack by
British infantry and tanks along an
ei'ht mile front from Sequehart to
the canal north of Bony, in th St.
Quentin sector was completely suc
cessful, according to Field Marshal
Haie's report from British headquar
ters tonight. British troops have
reached the outskirts of . Montbrehain
(about five miles east of Bellicourt) I
and further north have captured Gouy
and Lccatelet.
More prisoners and guns have been
taken, and there is genoral activity!
of varying intensity on the whole of
the sector.
BRITISH OFFICIAL,
LONDON, Oct. 3. "At dawn this
morning British infantry and tanks
attacked along a front of about eiyht
miles from Sc-quehart to the canal
north of Bony. The attack was suc
cessful at all points.
"On the rij-ht of the attack English
Hnd Scottish troops of the thirty-second
division retook the village cf Se
quehart, rupturing a number of pris
oners, and later in the morning beat
off with loss hostile counter attacks.
the center an English division
stormed Ramicourt and Wiancourt,
r " -TT-m It'
I'niniM'MMnHiMf
:,'. ..;!!":!.'. vjf ' earn' JciSSiafPlJ'siJ
- mm r
Saves Time,
Worry and
Waste
and a lot of dis
comforts when
the morning cup
INSTANT
POSTUM
rather than f
coffee.
Pds-tuim is
free from caf
feine, is made in
a moment, is de
Ixious, and the
c-ms of table bev
erage , economy.
For o change try
INSTANT -
POSTUM
Giampion Middleweight
the Pacific Coast
Cofistan
RINGSIDE, $1.50
GENERAL, $1.00
163
ALLIED SOLDIERS
- ' " - -,., 7.. : ;
-- ' ' " ,.. - v' " ' . ,.
r sr r V',- ' s -"Jk-
This American official photo
shows how Chateau-Thierry looks
since it was retaken from the
Huns. French and American sol
diers are eettine a good view of.
taking several hundred prisoners,
while the second Australian division
broke through the Ponsommes-Beaure
voir line west and southwest of Beau
revoir.
"Pressing forward the troops of
these two divisions accompanied by
tanks reached the western outskirts
of the village of Montbehain and se
cured the hit.h ground south and
southwest of Eeaurevoir.
"Meanwhile on the left of the at
tack English and Irish battaloins
forced passages of the Scheldt canal
at Gouy and Le Catelet, capturing both
villages and the high ground to the
east. In this locality the enemy coun
ter attacked strongly during the aft
ernoon. Heavy fighting still con
tinues. "A large number of prisoners were
captured by us in the course of these
successful operations.
"On the remainder of the St. Quen-tin-Cambrai
battle front ou!y patrol
encounters are reported, which se
cured additional prisoners.
"In the area of the enemy's with
drawal north of the Scarpe our troops
have pushed forward steadily through
out the day. They are maintaining
constant pressure on the German rear
guards.
"Lens has been cleared of the enemy
and our advanced detachments have
I reached the general line cf Avion, Ven-
din, Hantay, Wieres and lierlies and
are east of the Bois Grenier.
"This morning our troops occupied
Armentieres."
BRITISH PRESS ON
WITH THE BRITISH ARMY ON
THE ST. QUEXTIX SECTOR, Oct. 3
(By the Associated Press). In Mont
brehain the British infantry and tanks
stormed the west half of the town
and were reported rapidly to be clear
ing the enemy from the remainder of
it.
Airmen reported that the British
troops had reached Positions whioh
indicated they were striking for Bran.
court-Le-Grand and Fresncy-Le-Grand,
while the German main bodies ap
peared to have begun to flee from the
ground northwest of Le Catelet.
AUSTRALIANS CAN'T BE STOPPED
LOXDOX, Oct. 3. The Australian
I troops are fighting beyond the Bc-au-'
revoir line at Wiacouit, Lamotte farm
! and Lormisset. in the St. Quentin
i sector, according to the official Au
stralian correspondent. The Germans
: are retiring towards Montbrehain.
' Thus the Hindenburg system has been
, definitely passed.
POSSIBILITIES ARE
GREAT JUST AHEAD.,,.. p",rlh n,,i rj,.ht i.ff lik(. a hanana
j (Continued from Va.ee One)
; tho British under General Plumer and i
i the French mid Belgians furtirer north J
I from continuing their drive eastward.
A way must be k'pt open for the re
; treating armies.
1 Before Rhii-nis, however, fie enemy
i already has let go of the valuable
i defensive positions on the St. Thierry
I plateau and stands on a weak front
! with his back to open country beyond
1 the Laon-Rheims road.
Just north of St. Quentin the British
were aagin hammering forward today
toward the valley of the Oise in a
movement that imperils 'the whole
German line between the Oi.-e anu
t'le Aisne. The urgent sanation
around Lillo might dictate a suspen
sion of the withdrawal near Rheims.
but it lcoks as thouirh the movement
was too far advanced to be arrested
and British occupation ot the Oit-e"
lii-.r- ca-t of St. Quentin l.con! !.: t '
wrjtild f'irei not only acceleration, hut
v id: exlenlion - the withdrawal.
Nor is the Rheims i.ituition of the
enemy perilous only on tins sector.
East of the cathedral city a po-k''t i
forming with the French limit', aimy
west of the Amonne inenai iiu' the se
curity of the German troops on th;
front. The momentary mil in the
, fighting on the American line at the
! Meuse, as I'rrshinu's men consnlid.ife
i lli' ir pcsitinns before t:: new Ger
j man line, may portend a new blow
at any moment ami the contimieil
iiuiet aloiig the ininiediale frenl of
Kl'.eims may ."ores.iadow mi early at-
i tark tii"re at t.'.e heart of the e:ik-
jUMicd German dclenfive structure with;
open country bcyouc:. j
SISfTTf.T-T.INC. I- RECAPTURED TEillHTC::".
Soldiers gazing at Chateau-Thierry.
the town. The ruin wrought in
the town during the German ad
vance and when the Huns were
driven out cf the city in the preat
allied offensive is not vry appar
TASK THAT FACES
WITH THE AMERICAN ARMY
NORTHWEST OF VERDt'X. Wed
nesday, Oct. 2 (By the Associated
Press). On the greater part of the
front between the Aire and Meuse
rivers, the enemy is either on or im
mediately in front of the Wriemlw.
Stcelung line. Ou this front the en
emy's main combat zone was bounded
on the south by a line of resistance
along Lajrfuon ravine and on the.
north by the Volker-Steelung In
On this front the enemy's main com
zone was bounded on the south by a
line of resistance along Lairfuon ra,
vine and on the north by the Volker
Sieelung line. This exceptionally
Jiroug system originally began e
cf Monttacuon anu ran south of that
city through Ivoiry, Eplnonville i.
the woods east of Eclisefontaine.
The Americans have already broken
through this principal zone of resist
ance and so are facing the Kriemhilde
Steelung system. From the west to
the east along this front the system
runs from north of St. Juvin to south
of Landres-Et-St. Georges and con
tinues eastward, including the heights
cf Uomagne wood and Gesnes Wood,
which dominate the important valley
of the Andon. This river is crossed
just south of Romagne and then the
system runs to the southeast across
tlie higher ground in the forests of
Ue Cunel and De Fais. Then, turnin?
northward it follows the crest of the
hills over naturally strong positions
until it reaches the Meuse north of
Brieulles. It is further protected by
prepared positions on hill -63, across
the Meuse.
The system is one of very great nat
ural strength, based on a series of
heights, wooded districts, ravines and
STANDEES, WALKERS
"GETS-IT" FOR CORNS
. ! World Has Never Known Its Equal
"What will get rid of my corns?"
The answer has been made by mil
lions there's cly one corn-lremover
that you can bank on, that's ahso-
Ititelv rert.'iin. that mkoH anv corn
skin and that's magic "Gets-lt."
Tight shoes and dancing even when
you have a corn need not disturb
you if you apply a few drops of
"Gets-It" on the corn or. callus.
d the Corn b Doomed I
You w.int a corn peeler, not a corn
foiler. You don't haw to fool with
corns - you peel them right oil' with
your fingers by using "Gets-It."
Cu:ti:ig makes coins grow and
ble, il. YVh use Irritating salves
or
lniiko a bundle of your tee wi'ti
tape it bandages? Why pim.r and
still have the corn? Use "Gets It" j
- votir coin pain Is over. Hie c .rn
is n ".'Timer" Mire as the Mill rises. j
"(i'ts-ll." the Mial-hiitcd. mom y- ,
liack corn remover, the only sure
way. coRts but a Irille ut any drug
store. .M'i'd bv E I.HWreliee & Co..
( h:ciii,o. III.
Soid in )'!:-bee tind lecom mended as
the world s best corn remedy by
Phelps Hedge Mercantile Co..
i'haimacy.
Central
h mm b tremendous;
ent, but wherever German she!:
struck buildings and even sectirv
of streets were laid low. Not.' ;!
ruined tower in the center of 'J.u
fcicture.
AMERICANS
valleys, both on and behind the actual
line. Key positions have been built o
concrete and entanglements are pre
pared for immediate use. At ot'ic;
points the enemy is reported to have
been active in erecting new fortifi
cations since the beginning of the
American ofefnsive.
The Kriemhilde-Steelung line wv
begun last year beiore the Americans
became an active factor in the war
it was strengthened from time to time,
trenches being laid out and dugouts
added to the work.
The system is not so strong as the
famous Hindenburg line but has ex
tremely strong positions.
REPUBLICANS
NOMINATE IN NA
SAXTA FE, X. M., Oct. 3. The re.
publican state convention which ad
journed tonight, placed the following
ticket in nomination:
United States senator, Albert Bacon
Fall, Otero county; governor, Octavl
ano A. Larrazolo, San Miguel county;
lieutenant governor, B. F. Pamkey,
Santa Fe county; congressman, B. C.
Hernandez, Kio Arriba county; Becre
tary of state, Manuel Martinez, Union
county; state superintendent of public
instruction, J. Howard Wagner, Hon
Ana county; auditor, Edward Sar
igeant, Rio Arrba county; treasurer,
Chas. U. Strong, Mora county; attorn
ey general, O. D. Askren, Chavez coun
ty; land commissioner, Xelson Field,
Socorro county; corporation commis
sioner. Jesus M. Luna, Valencia
county.
NO DISCRIMINATION.
(liy KV-vlew Incused Wire)
.NEW YORK. Oct. 2. In its opera
lion of the telenraph and telephone
systems of the country, the postoffice
d partment will make no distinction
of non-union and union employes ac
cording to an order from Postmaster
General Burleson today. Employment
will be granted, the statement says.
soiely upon tho merits of the appli- j
cants. j
The order also described as false
"representations being made through-1
out the country" that the government!
desires employes of the companies
to join the ('. T. V. A, International,
Brotherhood r-f Electrical Workers or!
snv other unions.
REVIEW WANT ADS
RPING RFSlll T
-4
' 5
1 MARINELLO
4 t
CI
i ar ionic
Kcw Preparation.
i,
nmazing resuns.
Cleanses scalp afi
trpttcaify. Stops tall
in h.nr. thmimtr
and prewmts dandruff.
Krttuces otiv condiiicn.
Enlivens Rrowih. In
sures abundance of
1 us t rous, hclUiy .heavy
hair
McDonald's ,
Phone 305
JUi
ly
.
, .......... u u w ... ..
I1 v
hi
' ' t ! 1 M M jj
BOH ENDURE RHEUMATIC PADfl
HERE'S QUICK REIEF FOR YOD
Stop tne pain! Give ma relief! That's
vhat you wart when you're hurt.
That's what you get with Sloan's Lini
ment. It not only "ki'is pain," but does
it quickly, without delay.
If you're tormented by Rhccmatism,
Neuralgia, Sprains, Bruises, Backache,
nnd booy or nerve pain just see bow
quickly a little Sloac's Liniment gives
relief. The very f rst application rests
nd comforts. Seems to reach right
i rWiiZ) tffiijWf fife .
Registered Bonds
Third Liberty Loan Are
Now Ready 'for
Delivery
Prime
Why pay fancy prices for pork, when we are offer
ing prime suckling veal at prices from 15 cents to 26
cents per pound in quarters.
Any ordinary family can easily use a quarter of
veal which weighs from 30 to 43 pounds.
Fore quarters 15c the pound
Hind quarters 26c the pound
rt.
I I
BARRETT
Ever-Lastic Roofing
See advertisement on inside cover of Saturday Evening
Post of August 3. We have a full car in stock.
Bisbce Lumber Co.
EMIL MARKS, Mgr. Lowell Car Stop PHONE 25
L. J. OVERLOOK, BROKER
Correspondents: Paine, Weber & Co., Boston, Duluth, Calumet.
LOGAN 4. PRYAN, NEW YORK AND CHICAGO
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
AND HIGH CLASS CAFE
The best oi every thins at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 60c luncheon dailv. Also $1.00 dinner from
C :'iC to 7:20 p. ra. Rcpular Board by the month, $45.00
Henry Poppen, Manager.
down to the 3cat of the trouble, warm
ing and easing the nerves and tissues.
You can almost feel the inflammation,
swelling or stiffness subside, as the
pain grows less and less.
You don't even have to wait to rub
in Sloan's Liniment. It penetrates, and
its clear, clean liquid can be poured
right on the skin without staining. Get
a generous size bottle from your
druggist today.
Suckling
r 1
A-
TOVflEA . Ik CO, SIX
THE EI5BEE DAILY REVIEW, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 4, 1918.
Mining and Financial News
BY REVIEW
NEW YORK. Oct. 3. Developments
bearing upon the world conflict exert-
cd iat less eflet over the stock mar-
ket today. DeaiiiiRi were aioderateiy
a tive and well distributed, war shares
evincing occasional restraint. I'oois
ad aihed interests continued active
-u specialties now commonly desis-
nated as peace stocks.
. a.iiio preierred was among the
.nost c;.nsuicuous issues, recording the
... n k.i qu-tuuoa of llls for ths
.r nt uiovtmer.t. at winch level it
cjred an extreme advance of 5 points.
Cited Kroit and Atlantic Gulf ulsj
.ade appreciable gains.
i etr leums were featured by an ah -
nipt advance of 7 points for Royal
Dutch, but that volati:e stock soon re -
versed its course, without material ef-
feet upon others of the same class.
Vnited States Steel was freely of-
.ered ct every manifestation of
strength, but did not share in the
sweeping rally of the last hour, clos-
ing at a net loss of a small fraction.
Consolidated Gas. Peopled Gas. Ohio
Gas, Montana l ower and American
Telephone made gains of 2 to ili j
. n I. t.irnrirwr In thf liter
U1UI3 11 . 1.11 f-c i ' - ... . j
;.ea inss end metals made a moderat
show of strength. Sales amounted to! Adventure
35.000 shares. lAllouez '.
Liberty Bonds were firmer on heavy j Alaska
dealings. Marine 6s gained 2 Points k merj( an"zinc
and Russian ofes and 6'rs made new Arizona Com. ..'.'.'..".'
maximums for tne year on me cui u.
Total sales, par value, asereftated
450,000. Old United States bonds were i
unchanged on call. !
GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, Oct. 3 Peace reports,
especially an exaggerated rumor grov-,
ing out OI unomciai luraisu prupoj-j
als for an armistice, pave the bears
control of the corn market most ot j
the time today. Prices closed ner
vous, c to IVic net lower, with No
veinber $1.29Vs to $1.29V and Decem
ber Jl.26 to $1.26.
Oats finished unchanged to c
higher and provisions varying from $1
decline to 7c advance.
Downturns in corn started as soon
as trading began and despite subse
quent bulges, due to covering by shorts
no sustained strength developed.
Word that the new German chancel
lor would be a recognized opponent
of militarism did a good deal to favor
the selling side of the mafiet, and so,
too, did continued reguard movement
by the German armies. Then shortly
before midday, attention focused on
rumors about Turkey. A break to the
lowest level of the season quickly en
sued. The fact, however, that no con
firmation of the Turkish gossip was
forthcoming led to partial rallies as
the tension neared an end.
Moderate buying on the part of the
cash houses tended to streng'ien oats.
Besides, rural offerings were light.
Provisions weakened owing to a set
back in the value of hogs. On the de
clines, though, packers bought lard
and ribs, presumably against shipping
sales.
COTTON MARKET,
NEW YORK, Oct. 3. The cotton
market closed at 32.28.
METAL MARKET.
NEW YORK. Oct. 3 Metals
changed.
NEW YORK.
(L. J. OVERLOOK. Broker)
Clcsi'g Quotations. Oct. 3, 1918
AnacoL'ia 69", i Hull 45
American Can 44!ilHriwe Sound 4
American Car SSiHeela 4
American Locomotive C6 j Jerome V(rde
American Smelters 78 -i I Jerome Victor ,
American Sugar 109 Magma Copper '. 32
THE CHARMING WIFE AND DAUGHTER OF JOHN W: DAVIS "
NEWLY APPOINTED U. S. AMBASSADOR TO GREAT BRITAIN
i '. ' -.- r ..."' K .j . :. v-: : y : vUi r :? . 4
tlrs. John W. Davis and Miss Julia
Davis.
Thd family of John W. Davis,
the newly appointed U. S. ambas-
sador to Great Britain, consists of
his wife and one daughter, Julia.
Miss Davis is a college student and
one of the most popular pirls in
her net. Dtvis succeeds W. If.
f Page and is now in Switzerland as
LEASED WIRE
Raldwin 85
Bethlehem Steel (B)
... Mft
... 44',
...167v9
...70
. .. fiOH
. .. 49
... 51-
...124
I . t. A: 1
Canadian Fac-Tie
Central Leather
i'rixi'o'.e Steel
List Hers' Securities
iiooJrich
Ceue.-al Motor:;
Indiana Alcohol
..; ri .e
:.r:ne. Pid
Midva.e
... ;x cull Petroleum .
Xrw York Central ..
, Northern Facilic ....
! ..e;:dI:iK
Rubber
;Kop. Steel .,
Studebaker
Steel, Pfd
St. Paul
oouthern Pacific . .
"-ela r Oil .
Texas Oil
1.1:011 Paeiii;
. .lGx
...127
U. S. Marines 44
l'nite.1 Motors
31 U
BOSTON.
60
49
3 VI
15
But,e 25
67
rlum"t;t 'Hscla '.'.'.".'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.450
raiume, ir, 46
'Chino 39 V
I Chile 18 ,
. psr Butte 10
Granby 80
t au 4
Qoldfield 20
Hancock 5V4
Indiana '. 60
Inspiration 554
Keunecott 34
Keweenaw 1
Lake 5
La Salle ZVi
Miami 2SVi
Mohawk 55
Mayflower 24
Nevada 20
North Butte 13Vi
Nipissing 8
Old Dominion 39
Oscecla 53
Pond Creek 16
Quincy 64
Ray Con 24
Shattuck 15 Vi
Shannon 3
Sup. Boston 4 "4
.st. Marys 46
Utah Copper 84
Utah Con 1
CURBS.
Arkansas & Arizona 7
Arizona Bing . 5
rizona Silver King' i
Big Ledge
Eutte & London 15
Calumet & Jerome
Cornelia 17
Con. Arizona 1
Con. Copper 5
( urtiss 33
Dcnn 18
Dundee
l-.mma I 3
Federal Oil 2
Gadsden ,. 3
Green Monster
Globe Dom
Grand Island 12
a member of the mission to meet
Germany's representatives to ar-
U. S. Army and Marine
Casualty List Day by Day
The Review is in receipt of casualty list as they are issued by the
war department to The Associated Press. Owing to a lack of space, it has j
been determined to publish only the complete list ot those killed or missr
ing and a regional list of wounded, including Arizona, New Mexico and
Texas.
KILLED IN ACTION.
Lijut. Clifford B. Grayson, Chatta-
i.coa. Tenn.
, .. 2SVj Lieut. I)i;ug!as Arthur Taylor, Rhine
. .110S lander, Wh.
. . 50U t-Kl. Daniel llesley. New York.
. .1203i. S-?t. Carl Hulz, Guide Rock, Neb.
.. 74 ?s Corporals.
.. SS Chas. Banks, Mobile, Ala.
.. 74 Viux Hirshovitz, Boston. Mass.
. .. 63ii Geo. L. Lenfesty, Carnegie, Pa.
.. 90 " I I'er.j. Jas. Richmond, Pontiac, Mich.
.. 58' Clarence E. Eagle, Chicago, 111.
. ..lOSVi Patrick Leo Hanlun, Albion, Mich.
..llOVil Privates.
.. 48 Adrian Jcs. Conrad, Buffalo, N. Y.
... 8S"i Jas. VV Daly. New York.
. .. 314 Anthony Dudis. Shenandoah, Pa.
..1S5 Win. S. Ely. New York.
I Alvtrt S. Erkson, San Francisco,cai.
Harold V. Ltt, New Milford, Conn.
Howard Fu.ton, Monongahela, pa.
-as. w. Huston, lnaiana, t"a.
Stanley LaczynskJ; Elizabeth, N. J.
Chas. Lasley, Greencastle, Ind.
Morris S. Leaf, New York.
Peter Lukoskuk, Brooklyn, N. Y.
Wni. C. McConnell, Colo. Springs.
Colo.
Arthur Merkle, St. Joseph, Mo.
Howard G. Oakey, Madison, Wis.
Arthur Oelschlager, Cleveland, O.
Joseph Pikovsky, Alverton, Pa.
Magma Chief
Miami Con 3
i Okmulgee 2
Pitts-Jerome 36
Porphyry 60
Ray Hercules 4
Tom Reed '. 118
Tuolumne 94
United Eastern 3
Verde Extension 3r
Verde 'Com
Woly.-Arizona 1
West End 1
White Caps- .... 9
Wright Martin 6
OATMAN.
(By Cllins and Bretherton)
Argo 02
Adama
Arizona Rex
Ariz.-Tom R.
Big Jim Con .05
Boundary Cone
Gold Ore 05
Gold Road Bon
Gold Cliff
Lucky Boy
Sunnyside .02
Telluride 04
Tom Reed 118
United Eastern 3.75
Red Lion
.02
;.15
.05
.07
'. .02
.06
.02
.15
.02
.03
.07
1.19
3.87
.15
OTHER CURBS-
Gadsden 3.00
Green Monster .......... .44
Butte London .15
Dundee .'. -50
Venture Hill ,
Pitts-Jerome ..36
Jerome Verde .44
Ark.-Arizona -07
Jerome Portland
Ins-Needles 06
Hull Copper 45
Magma Chief 12
Wolv-Arizona ...... 1.65
Verde Cora 50
Miami Con. 03
Great Ray
Nacozarl Con
Con. Cop. Mines 5.00
Porphyry .; "0
Calumet & Jerome . .. .87
Feather River ..
3.12
.50
.17
. -75
.04
.40
.50
: .08
.17
.12
.50
.13
1.75
.5C
.05
.35
.35
5.25
.65
.94
.12
nuigi: Jyr care aiul exchanjje of
war prisoners.
John L. Roemer, Raspeburg, Md.
Peter Jos. Kollman, Seneca, Kan.
Elmer Q. Anderson, New Britain.
Co:iii.
Peter Pnker. Grand Rapids. Mich.
Elmer F Bassett, Forest Port, N. Y.
Fremont W. Bradshaw, Alliance, O.
Wells C. Cochran, Oneida Castle,
X. Y.
C rover C. DennK Columbus, O.
C.no. E. Drake. Newark, O
Chas. Daniel Etarly, Allentown.Pa.
Donato Francobandlero, Walton. N.Y.
Harold L. Groves. Conewango, N.Y.
Nicholas Hagis. Scuth Bend, Ind.
Raymond Henry Hansen, Detroit.
Carl E. Herrold, Seward, Neb. .
A v n B. Harroun, Haigler, Neb.
R jbt. W. Kail, Highland. Wis.
Theodore Lemm. Brooklyn, N. Y.
Michael Isaac Margulis, Schif Tollo-:'-e
J-ffa. Palestine.
Frank J. Meyers, Stevens Point.WU.
Norman C. Plager, Walton Way, Au
gusta, Ga.
Albert Pitts. Seligman, Ariz.
Wm. Pruitt, Rill, Mo.
Seth Robinson, Logan, O.
Chris C. Rosacker, Norfolk, Neb.
Herrchel Edward Stark, Grand Rap
ids, Mich.
Pet r F. Wendell, Chicago, 111.
JJohn M. Woolev, Clifton, W. Va.
DIEO OF WOUNDS-
Col. Jos. W. Cavender. Cairo. Ga.
Lieut. Arthur K. Atkins, Brookline,
Mass. .
Sergeants.
Frank irrigle. Dark Falls, Wis.
Jack E. Graham. Floriston, Cal.
Rennie E. Henry, Villisca, la.
Corporals.
John JJ. McHugh, New York.
Arnold Napier, Branch Land, W. Va.
Musician Conrad Wilhelm Pearson,
Dubois, Pa.
Mechanic Robert ("lark Jr., Brook
lyn, N. Y.
Privates.
Clay C. Allen, Show Ball, Ark.
Philip Billard, Honesdale. Pa.
McKinley W. Cole, Adams, Wis.
Paul S. Enochs, Puyallup, Wash.
Curtis Little ton, Effie, La.
Edward Jerome McCourt, New
Brunswick, N. J.
Thos. B. Northcutt, Walton, Ky.
JoJhn F. Smith, Montgomery, Ala.
Roy Wilson, Champaign, 111.
Wynerd Vandyke, Grand Rapid3,
Mich.
Jacob Waiser, Brooklyn, N. Y.
Walter B. Webre, Union, La.
DIEO OF DISEASE.
Sgt. Wra. H. Hartung, Donora, Pa.
Corp. Benj. F. Bishop, Forrest, Miss.
Privates.
Thos. A. Addis, Sharon, Pa.
JJas. H. Atchley, Godley, Te.
Patrick H. Gallagher. Scranton, Pa.
Vernon E. Slade, Talbotton, Ga.
Willie Washingtgn, Meadville, Miss.
Geo. A. Benton, Spokane, Wash.
Walter A. Conde, Balleston Lake,
N. Y.
Frank Oallamont, Reading, Pa.
Carl H. Lotz, Grand Jet., Colo.
Acy McDonald, Hiedleberg, Miss.
Carl S Winkler. Brooklyn. N. Y.
Gus Williams, Metcalf, Ga.
DIED FROM ACCIDENT AND OTH
. ER CAUSES.
Corp. Daniel Boylan, Antwerp, O.
Privates.
Elmer H. DIefenbach, Lorain, O.
Bernard Kasierskl, Princeton, Wis.
DIED FROM AEROPLANE ACC'T.
Lieut. Floyd Vorhies.v Alva, Okla.
KILLED IN ACTION
Lieutenant
Lester C. Barton, Chicago.
Richard Brinsley Sheridan, Benson
hurst, Brooklyn, N. Y.
Edward J. Wolff, jr., Poughkeepsie,
X. Y. ,
Thomas J. . Bullock, Wilmington,
N. C.
Sergeants
Lester Woodruff Ogilivie, Amity
ville, N. Y."
Joseph F. Prelssner, Milwaukee,
Wis.
Clifton G. ' Welsgerber, Grand
Rapids, Mich.
Robert Yarrao, Chicago.
Paul Fett, Grand Haven, Mich.
Corporals
Louis M. Gilbert, Brooklyn, N. Y.
Harry Lawton, Summit Hill, Pa.
"I SUFFERED
SEVEN YEARS"
Was Eventually Cured by
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vege
table Compound.
Philadelphia, Pa. "I suffered for
geven long yean with a lame back.
irregularities and
pain. I had one
physician after an
other but they did
me no good. I read
about Lydia E.
Pinkham's Vege
table Compound and
gave it a trial and in
a short time I felt
benefited and a m
now feeling fine;
and without weak
ness or pain. M any
of my friends have
also taken Lydia R
Pinkham's Vege
table Compound
and been helped by
it "-Mrs. Margaret Ness, 1846 EL
Hazzard St, Philadelphia., Pa.
Women who suffer from displace
ments, irregularities, inflammation,
u'ceration, backache, sideache, head
aches or "the blues" should not rest
until they have given this famous root
and herb remedy, Lydia E. Pinkham's
Vegetable Compound, a trial. If
complications exist, write Lydia E.
Pinkham Medicine Co., Lynn, Mass., for
special suggestions. The result of its
long experience is at your service.
Andrew Slomina. Milwaukee, Wis.
Ray A. Glen Watkins. Toledo. O.
Waeoner William Ardiss Higeins,
jr., Brooklyn, N. Y.
Privates
Hubert A. Deasey, Liverpool, Eng
land. Jess Gamble, Anson. Tex.
Frank A. Grifit'th. Madison, Wis.
James J. Gugliere. New York.
Charles E. Hartshorn, Farragut. Ia.
George P. McGlinchy, New York.
George P. McGlinchy. New York.
Philip J. O'Connell, Lawrence, Mas.i.
Evald L. Anderson. Chicago.
Eugene Beckv.orth, Philadelphia.
George Chris Bieker, R. F. D.. Wash
ington, Mo.
Fred L. Bybye. Lemore .Calif.
Charles Fred Comiska, R. F. D. 2, Al
pena. Mich.
Arthur E. Daly, Toledo, O.
Aiaur Dujoudin. Swevezeele Prov.,
West Vlawnderen, Belgium, Europe.
John Gazanego, Oakland, Calif.
Alva G. L. Grover, Council Bluffs.
Ia.
Joseph Hoosack, Brooklyn, N. Y.
Thomas J. Kelly, Binghamton, N. Y.
Stanley M. Krell, Winterset. Ia.
Nelson E. LaFrance, Hartford. Conn.
Frank J. Lang. Baltimore. Md.
Michael Mauzella, Trappetto Paler
mo. Italy.
Wilfred A. Orr, Tecumseh. Mich.
James Rineberger. Louisville. Ky.
Patrick. Ristiauo, Franklin, Mass.
John W. Roberts, Wellington, Utah.
Frank Sherrsheniuk, Tolca, Ostropol
Wolinsky Gub, Russia.
Henry ThUman, Overland, Mo.
Siguerde, Throndsen. Brooklyn. N.Y.
David Harold Underwood, Tecum
Beh, Mich.
Denzal Wagner. Mankato, Minn.
Harold Monroe Zachow, Detroit,
Mich.
Samuel Zivo, Grand Rapids, Mich.
DIED OF WOUNDS RECEIVED
IN ACTION
Lt William F. Cahill, New York.
Lt. Loy A. Hege, Emporia, Kas.
Lt. Herbert Jones Taylor, Memphis,
Tenn.
Corporals
John Baker, Lancaster, Ky.
George Patterson, Detroit. Mich.
William A. Boyce, Phillipsburg, N. J.
Arthur T. Clark, Brooklyn. N. Y.
Ernest C. Lamb, Portville, N. Y.
(Continued on Page Seven)
A FOOL AT 40
It Is an old proverb that every man
Is either a fool or a physician at 40.
Well I fooled along for 40 years in the
drug business and practice of medicine
before I perfected a blood medicine
that I thought and knew I could offer
the public with impunity.
I have perfected "Number 40 For
The Blood," and to show you that I do
not wish to fool you I will send you
your money by mail If you return the
front of the carton with the statement
that you have tried one bottle of
"Number 40 For The Blood without
satisfactory result for any scrofulous
disease, for blood poison, chronic
rheumatism, malaria, chronic liver
and stomach trouble, constipation, or
In face any disease tor which it U re
commended. J. C. Mendenhall, Evans
ville. Ind.
For sale by Central Pharmacy, Bis
bee. Ariz., Lowell Drug Co., Lowell,
Ariz.
MONEY TO LOAN
Watches, Diamonds, Jewelry, Etc.
Reliable House 19 Branch Stores.
United Loan Jewelry Co.
BISBEE :: BREWERY GULCH
City Dye Works
Cleaning and Pressing
Phone 739
Opp. Y. W. C. A.
Gas Fired Water
Bisbee
Women Should Take
special care to keep free from headache, back
ache, constipation, weakness and depression.
For these recurring ailments and other condi
tions peculiar to women, Beecham's Pills are a
tested and effectual remedy. They act gently
and promptly on the stomach, liver and bowels,
and exert a tonic, strengthening effect on the
bodily functions. These famous pills are purely
vegetable, contain no habit-forming drug, and
produce no disagreeable after-effects. Women
the world over, rind needed help and strength in
Beeepanfs Pills
" LaTgttt Sal of Any Mmdicinm in thm World"
T)ireetioo of Special Value to Women aro with Every Bex.
Sold by drugguU throughout the world. Ia Bomea, 10u, 2Zc
(
Bisbee Fuel and
Feed Company
Phone 121
Office Below Copper Queen Hotel
Have you stored your winter's
supply of coal yet? If not it's
time to get busy! A shortage
is possible. BUY NOW!
Bisbee Fuel and
Feed Company
Phone 121
Office Below Copper Queen Hotel
Count Leo Tolstoy, in His
Day, Wore a Coarse Frock
and went about bare-footed. It made
him hardy then, but 'twould make
him foolhardy now for innumerable
body comfort3 are inexpensively ob
tainable through an Ad in The Re
view Classified Columns!
For Attaching
to Your
Range Boiler
Provides abundant supply of
hot water at reasonable cost.
Call at our store and ask for
demonstration, or make re
quest for representative to call
upon you.
Improvement Co.
lii
j'i
Heater
jP mi i.T
; .
in i
f ;
! 1i
i !
J
I THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 4, 1918.
SEVEN
DAILY REVIEW WANT ADS
Advertisements under this head at tlie rate of 1 cent per word each issue, with a minimum charge of 25 cents.
Advertisements must reach The Review office not later than 8 p. ni. for insertion in next morning's paper.
Male Help Wanted
WANTED A laundress.
475.
Phone Black
845
Government
WANTED Laborers.
works at Norfolk, Va. White, color-1
ed and Mevicans for U. S. housing
corporation. Good board and work -
ing conditions. Ship Monday, trans -
portation free. No nuners will be
accepted. For information see O. S.
French, or G. J. Wilbert, Bisbee. 834 j
WANTED Handy man who can do j
some blacksmith work and keep j
farm utensils In shape, good wages, i
Warren ranch. 841 :
WANTED Bell
hotel.
boy, Copper
Queen
tiSl
1'emale Help Wanted
V.::73D Girl for general house
5 .. . . half day, small family. Phone
4 Ued 758. - 839
WANTED Two experienced short
I order waitress. Apply S5 Main St.,
Cottage Home, or phone 526. 713
wivvfit-tsr,. ianrtr r.no.
day or more each week. Pay thirty- j
five cents per hour. Phone 748. 7a3
Positions Wanted j
WANTED Middle aged man would .
like a room in private place, where j
he could feel at home. Must be
reasonable. Address Stranger J. F., I
Review. , : ' 851
WANTED Expert bookkeeper and!
stenographer wants work, day or ev-1
enings. ti. W, Review. 843 ' .
WANTED Position. Plain sewing
done. Leave work 170 Temby ave
nue or 79-A Brewery Gulch.
736
WAXTED To do typewriting, book-
keeping, billing during two spare
hours a day. Have my own type-;
writer. Loomis, Phone Freen 807,:
or P. O. Box 570, Bisbee.
791!
WANTED-Poiition by experienced :
woman as cook or waitress. Apply '
Box 1383, Bisbee.
657 ;
For Sale
l
FOR SALE Modern house close in. A !
bargain. Room two, Lync bldg. 844
B
POR RAI.R Ww 202 Savnea riflp. 300
sheils. J. E. Steel, 49 O. K. street.
S5S
i J i
FOR SALE One lour room modern i
bungalow, completely furnished, :
ntar Vista park. Warren. This is '
a snap for a new, lovely home. C. H. ;
Hogan, phone 121, office below Cop- j
per Queen hotel. 8ot
FOR SALE One second hand Chev
rolet car at a bargain. Inquire C-. K.
Barnuni, Tombstone canyon, after
3 p. m. 790
FOR SALE Nine rooui. uouse, com-
pletely fumisTied, formoriy used as
maternity home. Terms if desired.
Mason hiil. Call 573 Black for par
ticulars. 763
FOR. SALE Buick light six, five pas
.senger, 1917 model, in first class
condition. F. J. KeogU Auto Lphol-
" stery Paint Shop, Lowell. 675
FOR SALE Ford touring car, in good
condition, 1918 Model Apply Lyric
Oonfectienary. 759
FOR SALE Five room furnished
house. Tombstone canyon, not on
hill, J500 cash, balance monthly pay
ments. Apply to M. C. High. 797 '
FOR SALE At once, going away, I
nearly new extra nice parlor, dining j
room and kitchen furniture and
dishes. Gibson Apartments, Claw-1
enn hill 7ttr. !
. ;
j'OR SALE Fre.sb. ripe tomatoes for j
canning. Delivered to any part oi
Warren district, five cents per j
pound. Mail orders will receive ;
r.romnt attention, fha- 3 L. I'm dv. i
FOR SALE Two work horses. Bisbee
Improvement company. 772
FOR SALE In Jerome, a first class
shoe bhop. Champion curve needle
outfit. Can be baught cheap on ac
count of sickness. Address P. O.
Box 11S3. 771
FOR SALE Second
Broadway rooms.
hand ranee, i
761 '
FOR SALE fine f;ur room house,
part down, iialuncn easy j-aymcnts.
Harry Robinson, 0.1 A I!icery ave- j
iiiio. 867
PETEV DiNK If There'd Been
S HOLV SMOKES- IS -:"7S: 1 SAV- HEREi "V '402 ! . - -Mi OF COURSE- J TX
This TM Tie ou 6ave me. a Tie id uice, ' The idea op Cwiwt. - ( HqwerS
Fow MV TitiTwDAN ? WhaTDO ( To EVCHAVJ6E OKIE. f 1 ! ,' ' ISUCM A 50MBRE.THIK1C ) I OKIE. VJ0MAV1 ViHo's. )
1 VouTHtufet AM A fAoviey I of Those Si-Thoa J I ' To ucm aouthpoi. - O Cot Some sese'
' V STAT?. OK SOMETMtUC: 1 Q FTS - NoO KWOW SH f I - (APPEARIWG MAM A2 VOJ J s ?. , , 7
This wooco ViTJRS - K . -, , y (p&X irPrf ', XT T Me Pkk- ri i J
( A "BO! LEU-MAKER J IT T V lH' ! T NOU OUT 50tvl- ) & l jJ
Wwm r ' : mm
For Sale
FOR SALE Good building lots, five
minutes walk from Denn mine. Mrs.
! Winwood, Winwood addition $50
, Bmi nn. 849
; FOR SALE Crescent hotel. Brewery
; avenue. 852
! ,
: F0R SALE One baby bed, with mat-
tress; go-cart, highchair, and nur
sery chair. All practically brand
new. . Must be sold Friday. Owner
leaving town. Call second house
above Brooks apartments, O. K.
street.' S50
FOR SALEFord roadster. Must be
soUl -a once. Lowell Motor com
' pany. -V 871
FOR RENT Three furnished rooms
for housekeeping, close in. Inquire
110 Opera Drive, opposite Central
school. 872
For Rent
: FOR RENT Two rooms furnished for
I housekeeping. 153 Temby avenue.
Bal gay. house.
842
FOR RENT Furnished rooms for
.liKht housekeeping, across from the
Loweil depot. 56 Upper Lowell. 866
FOR RENT Furnished, two nice,
clean housekeeping rooms. Apply
School, hill grocery. ; 840
FOR RENT One new, modern bunga
low in Warren, provided party buys J
furniture. C. H. Hogan, phone 121,
below Copper Queen hotel. 836
- FOR
RENT Rooms, Hotel Letson,
I Main street. Phone 559. Centrally
j located, clean, airy, newly renovated
I rooms. Running water. Reason-
able rates to permanent guests. ' 820
'FQR KENT Dead storage lor cars far
tue tenn of tne war, reasonable,
nrtw.,.. AnarfmonfK Phnn Riar-ic
30.
800
F0R RErrBatching cabin for two,
,a ni , . vontiiafoH
sleeping room. i:J O. K. street. 316
:FOR RENT Five room :iouse, 206-B
Opera Drive,
ber yard. '
Close
in, above lum
818 , x ' ; TT
,'FOH RENT Nice clean rooms. Arl-
! ington rooming house. Prices rea-
sanable! Opposite City park.
770
FOR HUNT Three nicely
room for housekeeping.
furnished
14 Jigger
773 ville.
FOR RENT Nicely furnished front
room, cement house rear of Hogan &
Seed's office. Main street. Call be
tween 2:30 and 4:30 p. m. 702
FOR RENT Nicely fucnished front
room, separate entrance, suitable for
gentleman or two school teachers.
Apply first house north of Brooks
Apartments, O, K. street. dh-tf
FOR RENT Adult desiring three
room furnished apartment fpr one
month with possibility of renting
indefinitely. Paune iilaci C8L 73i
FOR RENT Garage
Phone Black 475.
in
Warren.
422
FOR RENT Two rooms furnished
for housekeeping, no children. 28
Montana street, Johnson addition.
254
IfOR RENT OR SALE Six room
house with screen porch, also gar
! age. Phone Red 717. 677
;pOR RENT Four rooms furnished,
j near Customs house. Phone Green
I 696. Also housekeeping rooms. 846
Wanted
WANTED Three or four room furn-
ished house. Call 223 between 8 a.
m. and 5 p. m. 869
WANTED House, four rooms or mere
unfurnished, Bisbee or Warren Ad
dress, "G.," care Review.
tf-dh
WANTED Pink
fruits, vegetables.
Box 2211.
eans, chickens.
Phone Green 696.
847
J - Lost
LOST Red leather bcok containing
two passports and registration card.
Return to Review.
84S
LOSTt u. S. infantry service star pin.
Leave at Review office. Reward. 823
. : :
LOST In Warren, platinum broach,
Hmall pearl in center. Call Warren
Drug company. Reward ' 821
a Lcuder One Petey Would
Miscellaneous
i-
NEW PROCESS LAUNDRY Just op
ened at 215 Opera Drive, having the
Big Giant washer. Washes silks,
lace curtains, flanels, blankets with
out wear or tear. Expert ironers,
can iron anything first class, dry
cleaning and pressing done, gent's
and lady's clothes. Patronize us and
get the best. Proprietors, Mrs.
Hayes, Mrs. Lundgreen. 768
MATERNITY HOME On Mason hill,
formerly run by Mrs. Jacobs, will re
open Monday by Mrs. Kahler, pro
fessional nurse, of Chicago, 111. 720
WRINKLES. FRECKLES, SAGGING,
SALLOW COMPLEXION, PIT
TINGS, SCARS And all facial
blemishes. Do you want to know
how to remove them? If so send for
free literature. Mme. Coman Stanley,
3236 Key West, Los Angeles, Calif.
825
WKl'l'JS TO M. C. A. Bcnooi, Uua
iusoiM," a coin. Auto, itauio, coiii
uioruiai ana engineering courses
irain ior service. ioo
GOSSARD CORSETS FOR SALE $2
up. All corsets' carefully fitted.
Ines Warburton, over Independent
Feed store, upper Main street. 349
MRS. BOYLE Clarivoyant, card
reading. Hours 10 a. m. to 2:30 p. m.
17 Montana street, first street back
of Lowell bakery. 312
MARTIN'S MINERAL BATHS AND
MASSAGE SPECIALIST For rheu
matism, lumbago, plurisy, head
aches, nervousness, manipulations
. and curriture of spine treated scien
tifically. Office third floor Maze
building. Pptn 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.
Nurse in attendance. 705
BUNDLES OF OLD PAPERS At the
Review office. Largo bundles, price
25c.
Money to Loan
SMALL quicK leans on your pentouai
uoio to saianea men ana women, al
so on iurnuure. uox loan co. uoom
z. Lyric inoatrn ounaing. im
Casualty List
(Continued from Page Six)
John J. Murphy, New York.
Seth Reed, Wolverine, Mich.
Privates
Michael Adell, New York.
Marcus B. Armigo, El Paso, Tex.
John Leslie Armstrong, Mason and
Dixie, Pa.
Albert R. Aumick. Border City, N. Y.
Joseph Bialko, Cleveland, O.
John Delbert Uurch, R. F. D. 3, Mar
lette, Mich.
Sol Burnstein, Brooklyn, N. Y.
Ralph Chilcote, Springfield, O.
Solan Davis, Newark, N. J.
Hugh Charles Devlin, Peterson. N. J.
. Frederick L.
Freese.-New.Rochellc,
1
N. Y. '
Willie Hall, R. F. D. 1, Wilsouville,
Tenn.
Roy Hanson, Canby, Minn.
Calvin Hyde, St. Louis, Mo.
Fred Isler, New York.
William Johnson, Winton, Pa.
Gustave Koster, Brooklyn, N. Y.
Daniel F. O'Connor, New oYrk.
Michael R. Solesky, Philadelphia.
Herbert Selle, Chicago.
Melvin J. Walker, Winnipeg, Man.,
Canada.
Leslie Walston, R. F. D., Stautons
burg, N. C. i
Charles Raymond Wasser, Maua
yunk, Philadelphia.
George Amitrauo, New York. I
Willis S. Brown, Gold Vein, Faquire j
county, Va.
Raymond Dawson, Long Point. 111.
Herbert E. Powers, Hooper, Utah.
August Gipp, Milwaukee, Wis.
James Lynn Howell, New Haven
Mich. I Total 3257
Edward M. Lampo. East Moline.'lll. The following casualties are report
Andrew P. Mc-Guire. Milburne. Okla. ed by the commanding general ot the
Walter S. Preddy. Trenton, Tes. ! American expeditionary force (iucluti
John B. Sharp, Groverport, O. ' ed in above total!:
Sam Shiriey, WaUtonburg, N. C. ;
Harold Wingert, Craw fordsville. Ind.
CED OF DISEASE I
. St. John Q. Hartell. Chicago. J
,'' Cpl. James A. Gere, Freehold. N. J.
Cook Earl A. Shaw. West Plains,!
Mo. j
Privates
William C. Bradthaw, Salisbury, '
N. C. . i
Silas Davis. Cleveland, O. I
Thomas J. Greeley, Idabel. Okla. DIED OF WOUNPS RECEIVED IN'
John E. Hunt, Laporte. Ind. i ACTION PREVIOUSLY RE- !
William A. Owens. Chicatah. Okla. j PORTED KILLED j
Verni.ce Edwin Watson, Hareltcu, ' Pvt. Gordon Curtis liarbar. .iilwau
Iowa. kee. Wis.
Have Taken It
I DEMOCRATS ADOPT
STATE PLATFORM
AT PHOENIX
DENOUNCE I. W. W.'S URGES
AMENDMENT TO THE PRESENT
PRIMARY ELECTION LAWS
PLEDGES SUPPORT TO PRESI
DENT WILSON
PHOEMX, Ariz., Oct. 3 Denuncia
tion oi tlie "so-caliea" I. W. V. or
ganization witn pieage8 to do away
witn aii woooiy practices in Arizona
was written iiuo the Democratic piat
torm by tne state party council, as
semoleu in tinal session. Adjournment
was tanen snortiy before noon auu
tue delegates lett lor tneir homes to
night. fledges of support to President Wil
son ana tne democratic aumiuistra
tion jii Xvaohingloii anQ urging uu-
jiesered prosecution oi the ar were
also inciuuea in tne platform on wmcu
canaiudles ior state oltices ul base
tneir campaigns lor election.
"After tne war" problems also came
I in lor their just consideration, tne
party pledging lis support to all mea
sures and ideas thai pel tain to tlie
"reconstruction" peiiou mat wul loi
low peace.
Development of vocational training
in Arizona is also urged, particularly
with respect to the rehabilitation ot
those who have beeu in one way or an
other, disabled by. the war. hi tuis con
nection the party urges that steps be
taken for tne industrial betterment
of factories and mines and other
places where labor is employed. I
Difficulties between capital and la
bor should be avoided and the partj
platform pleases itself to the working
out of conditions ".tending to harmon
ious democracy between the two tac
tions.
Reclamation of arid and waste lauds
is also urged as a measure necessary
to aid in the growth of the "baby "
state. Barriers must also be removed
which have stood in the way of new
industries coming- into the state.
Request was also made to congress
j that that body submit the amendment
to the constitution of the United
States, giving to the women of our
country equal suffrage with men, to
a vote.
An amendment to the state land
loan laws that will enable farmers un
der government reclamation projects
to participate in the benefits there
of, is also favored by the party. En
dorsement of the permanent state road
system was also written with a pledge
of legislative nominees to a continu
ance of that policy. ,
The platform also advocates the ex
tension and broadening of the school
system which provides for vocational
education.
Amendlments to the existing primary
election laws are also urged, (indorse
ment oi Fred T. C&lter for governor
Harrv J. Wittmau. Richmond Hill.
N. V.
DIED OF ACCIDENT AND
OTHER CAUSES
Privates
Russell G. Arey, Camden, Maine.
John E. Benson, Providence, R. I.
Hcnier French. Colfax, Wash.
MISSING IN ACTION
Privates
Marcos Martinez, San Marcial, N. M.
Martin Mora, San Antonio. N. M.
MARINE CORPS CASUALTIES
Summary of casualties to date:
Officers
Deaths 40
Wounded 67
Missing .' 1
Tctal 10S
Enlisted Men
Deaths 1043
Wounded 2i'41
In hands of enemy 21
Missing 152
Killed in action
Died of wounds received
in action
Wounded in action se
verely
Total 11
KILLED IN ACTION
Cpl. Robert Almoa Burhans, It. F.
1, Harbor Beach, Mich.
is also included in the platform. In
conclusion, the party council said: j
'L'pon this statement of principles
we enter the campaign confident of J
the party's united support of the demo-;
cratic ticket, national, state and coun-
ty and we invite the co-operation and
assistance of all good citizens."
WONDER PLAY AT
THE EAGLE TODAY
The photo play "The Whip," opens i
at the Eagle theater today and tomor-
j row. lhls play comes heralded asi
to contain more thrills than anypic
ture ever released. Among the scenes
of great .interest are a realistic auto
disaster, a mad race between an auto
and a speeding limited express train, a
real fox hunt, a irrp across the ocean,
training stables of the big eastern
race horses, the most costly and big-j
gest train wreck ever staged, it cost
over $25,000 to stage this one thrill, j
and not last but, a scene of great in.
terest, the most thrilling race scenes i
of real horse rating ever screened, i
In all it is an up to date play about j
people of today and Ithej best all j
around picture Bisbee has ever had the!
pleasure of seeing. j
sai-
Unfurnished! House of 4
rooms or more. Give par
ticulars, as to conveni
ences and location. Ad
dress N. E. Greer, box 608
or care Review.
f
t-1
INVALUABLE FOR COLDS
Tf tftkm In time t!ii Calcium rompmintf
le"fnii th risk of rhronic throat or lunff
trouble. All the remedial and tonio qual
ities are romhird in this talcium com
pountl. No harmful tlmss. Try thcra to
ri ny,
50 cent a box, including war tax
For Mlp hr II draKBit
JjcLman Laboratory. I'Uiiitdtrliihla
Removal Sale
j Now on for One Week at
i Fruitman's Fashion Shop.
Special Bargain on
Waists, Skirts, Dresses and
Underwear
25 Per Cent Discount on
All Orders for Tailor Made
Garments Received This
Week.
FRUITMAN'S
FASHIONABLE
LADIES' TAILOR AND FURRIER
Hughes Block opp. Y. M. C. A.
Phone 74 Bisbee, Ariz
BISBEE TRANSFER,
STORAGE & COAL CO.
Warehouse & Office Opposite Depot
PHONES 640 and 50.
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Sollclti Your
Patronao
PHONE 58
i w iju i 4 n
I f&Wm BLADDER
HMiAVS Hours
M'i' ' MC y
7y. 5 Uan. the (W1oy)
WANTED
LODGE NOTICES
Cards of every fraternal order in the Warren District; giving the essential
facts of each, their meeting nights, their officers and the place of gather
ing will be found under their respective headings ia these columns.
BISBEE LODGE NO. 713.
L o. a ivi
jteets eery Uriuajp
uignt, Moose iia
visaing Liomers cui
dially invueu.
K. I. GLEASO-N,
Dictator.
meets every
Thursday
evening at Odd
Fellows' Hall
BISBEE LODGE. NO. 10. I. O. O. F.
Subway street, at 7:30 o'clock. Visiting
brotheis cjrii.aily invited to attend.
Hall i;aji.c i ...
G A. PLUNKETT, N. G.
LUSTER EUSTACE, Sec'y.
PYTHIAN SISTERS
Lily Temple No. 3 meets every 2nd
and fourth Tuesday evening of each
..J.I TIl.i
uiuuLu ai. wuu "- '"'"us
MINNIE BLUM. M. E. C
Fhone Black 851.
IDA GLAZE, M. of R. C.
Box 1475
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED
AMERICAN MECHANICS
Meets in I. O- O. F.
riall First nd Third
Satm-days. V i 3 i t ing
brothers jvelcome.
S. F. BENTON. Councillor.
F. M. WILLIAMS, Rec. Sec'j.
BROTHERHOOD OT AMERICA
YEOMAN
Richard I, Homestead 895, meet sec
ond ana fourth Tuesdays at Medico- j
vicn nail. lsiting Archers are cor
dially invited.
MRS. C. C. F1NLAYSON.
Foreman, P. O. Box 152G.
E. D. STINSON.
Correspondent. Box 1496.
COLLINS &
BRETHERTON
We Specialize In
JEROME
AND
OATMAN
STOCKS
Jack B!dg., Main Street
Phone 26 Box 1129
c e ho&anI
Office Below
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
Phone 121
REAL ESTATE
RENTALS
FIRE INSURANCE
NOTARY
Phone 121
Office Below
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
C. E HOGAN
THE REVIEW
Job Department
will furnish you an rslimate
on that job on short notice
p J!)
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS
Ratlibone Lodge No. It
Knights of Pythias,
meets each Tuesday
(except second) in Odd
Fellows' Hall at 7:30
p. m. Visiting brothers
cordially invited.
v a
H. E. WOOTON. C. C
W. E. McCALLUM. K. of R. S.
-"v - 'N
LODGE NO. 71
Ueeulflr rr.ppiln flt-ci a-i(i t,ft rv-
1 . " " "" i-
,day of eacii month. Vieititig brothers
cordially invited to attend.
JAS, ALLISON, Exalted Ruler.
R. J KELLY, Secretary.
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD.
Lov.cll Camp No. 4b will
meet every 2nd and
4th Tuesday at 7:3t)
7:30. Finish Hall.
D. C. SAXBY. C. C.
O. B. THOMAS, Clerk.
All Woodmen invited.
-
ORDER OP EASTERN STAR
meets in Masonic Hall
Pearl Chapter, No. 6, meets
in Masonic Hall se.ond and
fourth Tuesday or each
month at 7:30 p. m.
MRS. EMMA WOODS, W. .M.
Phone 161, Cox 43, Bisbee
MRS. JESSIE BEVAN, Sec'y, P. O.
; Box 2239, Chairman Relief Com..
Phone 16L
FRATERNAL ORDER OF EAGLES
Bisbee Aerie. No. 175, t O. E., moets
first and third TUESDAYS. S p. m.
Eaglef Hall. Visitors cordially wet
come. J. F. WILMOTH. Presder.t.
F. C. FKNDEilSON, Secretary.
C. L. EDM L'NDSON, Aerie Physician.
f H'rK BROTHERHOOD
V. ill & - iz Ulf et3 lha lst
V-r Vw":I'f and 3rd Mondays
Jr of each month at
''-n? 7:30 at Mediso-
' v!c-h Hall Visit
ing membeis cordially tavited.
B. F. MOSS. President.
MRS. C. E. FINOTTI. Treasurer.
Box 722. Tel. 236, P.ed.
HONOKA MUNCH, Secretary.
Box 1621.
MODERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA
Bisbee Camp No. 13415.
Meets 1st Saturday
kledigovich Hail.
t. L. MOTZ. Consul.
J. F. MATHEWSON.
Clerk.
we:
K ENDING SL-PT. 2S. 1UH
Aloncey 2nd Degree.
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday Blue r.eg.
Friday
Saturday Royal Arch.
W. W. GIDLEY, W M.
I B. T. W ATKINS. Sec'y. F. & A. M.
i J. W. TOLAN'I), E. H. P.
C. F. PHILBROOK, T. I. M.
F. E. BENNETT. E. C.
I F. S. DAVENPORT. Secretary Chap
i ter and Commanderr.
j W. R. BANKS. Secretary Council.
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
DREADN AUGHT
L. O. L. NO. 2ia
meets "a I. O.
O. F. Hall tirst
and third
MONDAY at
7:30 p. m.
Visitusg broih
ers cordially
Invited to at
tend. I VVM. T. S..iIilAN. W. M.
ROBERT FERGUS. Secretary
! P. O. Pox 426. Bisbee.
By C A. VOIGHT THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 4, 1918.
EIGHT
Citu Briefs
,
Has anyone visited you? Or
have yoi vntertaiued? If so, cull
Tbe Reiew after i' p. m. am! toll
the t-'orlety F.litor, phone 39.
ANONA CLUB-
The. Anon a club will met Oct 11
ir.sicd of Oct. 1, us stated in Sun-
!;; s paper, :i: the home of .Mrs. C. T.
Dunla;k I
WARREN DISTRICT
S
ROOTED
ORTY-FIRST
RED CROSS.
Tbe Red Cross room in the Elks'
club v. iii Le . ;jt:i nutty f.. ni je ..; 1
1. and v:M remain open tn'il ;til th"
material is used up. The workers are
urged to be present.
FIRE CHIEF BUSY.
Fire Chief Barney Norton was kept
tnsv ;iM duv vesterdav si ml was oilt
EM
m
Major George B. Willcox and Recent Issue of the Jom?l o
Lieutenant Thomas Bond
Are With That Battalion at
Charloile, N. C.
The following
!n re yi t "I
article
.id is t
was received
ik-n from n .
pa.ittinij
tow
red.
As a
result f t' e p.ip :rs published in Charlotte.
many fire boxes in Tjte city are m n.
i;w "n vf-;- iii.l!Jii :i.;i r!;u la posses
r. :na.-e:ie alt raction for the eye.
FUNERAL THIS AFTERNOON.
The funeral of Hob We..;, who die!
rfrlv Wfinttsi'iy evet.kig t hii home
in Tombstone canyon, will be net J
tn:s aftei no:n :t 2 o'clock from the
K.'mc narlcrs. The Kev. H irshman
of the Methodist church will officiate
MINER LEAVES.
Harvey Day, employed rtt the Sac
ramento r.iw, : ft i:i-t Ltrtnt iur Mari
etta S:i:iiife'S. Cr.lil. The Copper Qjten
company is payinx Mr. Day's expenses
try ins to cure a b"d case of rla:n
iitisti; that he his ben afflicted with.
HCME FP.O MCOAST.
A. T. Thompson, assistaj.t to the
president of the Phelps Dodge cor
poration, returned yesterday to Doug
las from Los Ar.se les. .Mr. Thompson
has beer. ir. tbe c-at ci:y for several
decks, hiving undergone an opera".iu:i
ior appiitcicilW while there.
COPFER QUEEN GUESTS.
Dr. II. C. Do den, J. F. Davis, Port
land; Jack West. San Francisco; A. J.
Biesd. Chicago; M. J. MeCaulay, Geo.
W Stafford, Phoenix; E. F. Kane,
Jacksonville, Tex.; W. F. Crake, St.
Louis; J. A. Mellenaer, C'ananea; Ber
nard M. Seey, New York; A. O. Boeres,
I'hcenix; E. J. Julian, Los Angeles.
JITNEY CARS REQUIRE EOND.
A city ordinance has been found
that requires all automobiles driven
for hire cr acting as jitneys to be
bended. Since the last bad accident on
Slag Dump hill this ordinance has
been looked up and will be inforced
lrom now on. Owr.ers of such ma
chines have been given two days in
which to arrange for bond.
CARF.IER PURCHASES' BOND.
Austin Jay, a Review carrier on
the west route in Warren, has pur
chased a $50 Liberty Bond with earn
ings which he saved in carrying The
Review. Austin says that although
he has not the company of the seven
dogs every niorr.itis. he wi'l be on tiie
job as usiial and set? that the paper i3
around before breakfast.
mams ir mm Ah iflimtmL
MENTIONED 0 p Tjl0 &rSfQ wnnriar Pirn? - Paris!
o f i ni: i hub asi ii he Hmem s s ii a n ua isja i
American Histcty Ccn'usms --TrCTrr. l-"1 11 11 1111 1 . 1 jT' - S
Ficture of Prominent Resi-J hr - J 2 YEARS IN NEV YORK.
'dents of This District b' . jjl MPl Ji. 1 2 YEARS IN LONDON.
j ' llfllk- MmrA 1 YEAR LN CHICAGO. I
! An article t-Hin- rll about tlt3.4 l- ' A'i? Vi 1 ft
;K:.ky VouataM d,!: :m,s it. ,h, .. fe " " "1 2 YEARS IN AUSTRALIA. H
nvmt.r of J.unu.l -.r J A RtALISTIC AUTO fo' .,r nr Twr g
,!;:::;:;; i disaster- ipSf, jn' L"L I
A copv lias ben rre-iwd ''" . UC fSU f MUM LIUUmt F
" r iX Uft I 3Mri t PRODUCTIONS OF ALL
... me.ibn,-,- ...... . jptttvjjt??iw&d I VJ t i B i I rr.ra T!?F N
PRCSS TRAIN 14 -r uthnut. F.,y
I TRACK SCES5S- L.rf K WWJ?Hii&?Al IH2 BEST ALL AROUND 8
A TRIP ACROSS THE 1-1 frjA PLAY BISBEE MAS EVER j
OCEAN KilA Jfr-i HAD THE PLEASURE 3
A REAL FOX HUNT j 0p- VH J OF SEEING j
V C :
The ;vivn!!:e tv,:ard of the Forty
fi:s l.:t;':::ion, V. K j-, M'rivod in
t'liiir) (Jf ite Sutv.rday to take the
iIhv t.f ti c TJ-M V'-liii:-. als') 1'f'. c:i
t r;iv ! " cmiiarkalioa lamp.
number o! the ofiiccrs ha-, e be"n
here for r. we-k or ntor? sctfins l':,ed
up and Saturday 146 men and ol:ic-rs
i.i.ived t-, p.vjrC the way lor :tey
'ra! hv.ndril that ar io come tr.i;
vvi-ck. Tic. y have been lorated at
t'a;. p I.ce a:: 1 r.re a fine set of fel-
o-.v., l.a- Ins i:::l plenty of traini'i-,
-I'd are hive for the 'in.siii'ij; fur-ho ;.
T' "-ii ;r to i;o -."'.a., tu keep
up with the 122d, but it is understood
tnai they l.ave lots of nc.it s;. lit an 1
.;evrl e.notl stunts are expected from
.ii ra befcte n,nB. T:.el, too, like the
r'st of the toys, want to keep on niov-
"r .ic.d ec to France or s-wie place
where thev can do something more
tufn train
.Major Wilcox, who is in com.n.in i wilHam nrot.hv. Charles S'.lomo
of the rataJiou, is ::n old army ol.i f Kdw::rd Pavson MJthew
c -r r.:.d is considered one of Lncie j s,m ...j,. an,j metai!:'ric i! en--i-1
Kam's best. He was one of tbe famous ; ' , ch.,irn,an for cictv.: "ViM
Ifc iso IHJors mac loitoweu irauy
and has been in service since ISiiH
and cornea from Hi.sbee, Ariz. Other
staff offiters are: I
Co. A Lieut. Thos. Shaw. Mm. M. j
Westmoreland, Secand Lieut. Meivil ;
Caudill.
York.
ill" (".;;. j!';r (jtieen library,
considerable interest, as tin
Alountaiii club "as a 1
sni: ::: Ai i:.:."a it :?l T,i;t;;r-..
v.t 1: :io!i ::i Pi ;b- c.r.i
blent with t'.o article. The
. Out ;-r. l li ary of ti.is city i'
the o:i-;r! lOiindeis of t:;e
HiHicrical society.
Thy Kocky Mountain club lia
, retting treat re-ulri in z
1 to Heiuium, and the nob!
' t oiupiishcd along this line.
inten
bei :i
r'i;;l . I
rl: a': K
C:e elub'.i j
Aniprifiui:'t ;ind its rt!''.::!1'! I li
membership are
tie.
There are portraits
i Doitg'ar. state chairman
I Walter Dotip'ns, Gra:it
i
tf jaj.ic n j i
for Arizin :
H. Powell, (,-
I
ncer and c
i iard S. Hopewell, catt!em:tn. railroad
; rrr-n and mi-iin?; man and chairman
for Nov.' Mexico; Adolph Lev.-issonn.
president o It he Miami C'iper com
pany; Louis D. licketts. Herbert C.
Ilcover, food admhiistraior and chair
man of the commission ior reni in
Co. B-Capt. Wm. C.. Massey. Lieut. , Rplium; wnnam B. Thompson, presl-
ORDER SUSPENDED.
According to a telegram received in
the city yesterday ut the Fhoenix con
ference between the Arizona council
of defense and the Arizona Retail .Mer
chants' league, the defense council has
suspended for a period of thirty days,
the ordel' that the cost price ba mark
ed oa all good3 sold by retailers.
BOY SCOUTS ATTENTION.
Ail iioy Scout:; of the district, in
c'udins t'icse at Don Luis, are request
ed to march in the bic I ihcrty Loan
precession Saturday nisnt. Meet at
eout headsuarters, pisbee, at 6:30
Thos. Bond, Second Lieut. Geo. ti
Keen.
Co. C Cant. Thos. A. Peevev.
Liout. Benj. S. Patrick, Lieut. Mills
Evans.
Co. D. Capt. Thos. T. Nottingham,
Second Lieut. Wm. P. Schrenkle.
First Lieut. Alex L. Brodie 13 adju
tant to Major Wilcox and Fst Lieut.
Martin F. Ford is supply and person
nel efficer.
Lieut. Thos. Shaw is a former mem
ber of the Eleventh cavalry- from Fori
Oelethcrpe. One interesting feature
is that Lieut. Mills Evans is the for
mer editor of the Birmingham News
and a fine fellow.
In talking with Lieutenant Shaw
tv.e writer found out that as fir
sre;tiit in trofr.3 F and G, F venth
cavalrv, during the Cuban pacification.
his commanding officer called espoclaj
dent of the Inspiration Copper cont
rary, who is president of the Rocky
Mountain club Hoover fund: Theo
dore Roosevelt, honorary chairman of
the Uoover fund; General Pershine, an
honorary member, and John Havs
Hanjmond, the first resident of the
c'ub. who was elected in 1907. There
is also a picture of Kfng Albert of
Belgium ar.d an autographed photo-
j graph of his sister, Hpnriette, in rec
"imiion of the club's services in
, Belgium.
j othr Arizonans who are listed ;
; members of the club are: H. O. How
ard of Prescott; Wilbert G. McPrid?,
Glebe: Milton H. McLean, Morenci;
W Maclennnn. Charley E. Milts.
i Miami: Arthur Notman, liisbee; W II
lliam V. Palmer, Miami: Frank Peter
son, Dos Cabezas; Forrest U".th--'
lord new of New York: Robert liae.
Williims. Jr..
Douglas, and Roir.ert E. TtIIv. Jerome.
aitcntinn n an nausuu unu ID'Ugl ts- Ichn
iary marching feilt, record of which ;. '
i'rrear; in ceneral orders. In a lew-
words these men and horses bro!;e all 1 to jrnw them on and proves what the
nccrds, marching a distance of 110, American army and horse can do
nu'l 8 in 29 hours. No other troop basiwlKn prcp(.iU- appeaicti to. ins'ruete l
mrde the trip in less time. j,n(j j, j out of the SI crlisted men
The march was made in the tropic-t ; v ,0 n-;u; the marih, "4 hutl less tha-;
and in the history files of the Auteri- one year's service.
can army the order say.? that it i jtib3 ; ,,ew tatt"lion weTcome t i
that if such a feat has ever been per-. ( al;;p Greene and its officers and men
lonued with such results. " i'he roc -, V.-I11 find this a lively place for the.n
crds show that the time covered the j untij they get rcadv to "carry on."
hal3 and after inspectic 1 an exam!- '.
C lilSSeSl IViOSl lOSiiV
It Cost 3525.000 to ta&e tbis scene.
Train Wreck Ever Staged !
New York and all the East Faid $2.00
tn see t First Release. SPECIAL PRICE FOR BISBEE. Inciudins! War Tax
ADULTS 25c.
CHILDREN 15c.
BISBEE WOMEN
RECEIVE WORD OF
RELATIVE'S DEATH
BROTH uF.-IN-LAW OF MRS. J. P.
VICKSR3 AMD MRS. JOHN GEL-"
DE3T KILLED IN FRANCE SERV
ING WITH TH"E ENGLISH
TROOPS
nation showed that the men and
! horses came through without a sinele
injury, not even a sore back. Credit
for tho record is given to the troop
commanders, officers and men, their
deck Saturday "night. Ail' who can. 1 efficient handling and the spirit that ! T.eek
me't at tiie same place Friday night
to make arrangements.
C. V. HARSHMAN.
The Major Wilcox referred to is
Geo. B. Wilcox, who recently left here
to report there, and who was formerly
chief watchman for the C. & A. Min-
i lug company. He left here about two
and belore ho lpft he was
with a handsome wrUt
h's fellow employes. He
- T:t "Iso ir tm Hparj;sa-.mer:can war.
Jtu nii'e. I 'cut. Alex L. I'.odie, is a
present
v.atch
ADVERTISING MAN WEDS.
Word received in Bisbee yesterday
was to the effect that Campbell Hardy,
until recently advertising man on the
Douglas International, and who 60tne
six weeks ago took his departure for
Los Angeles, has joined the ranks of
the benedicts in the Angel City. It
is presumed that Mr. and Mrs. Hardy
will make their home on the coast.
animated theai. There was no en'-'my
I
cf learning how efficient are employes
stationed at different points. Prizes j
are awarded to agents and other em-;
ployes who show marked efficiency i ,. . v..a, v. jtii Captain Wilcox
or who come up to the requirements i r t the time he was ia the ' SpaniS'n
of the company. lArceriean w?r and was a captain.
I First Lieut. Thos. Bond, who is meu-
FIMDS S. W. PROSPEROUS. ! tioned in the above article as being in
Garnett King, general passenger j company B.. was p resident of the
agent of the E. P. & S. W. railway, I Warren district for a number of yeari
returning from a tour of the western and was employed in the local mines
Mrs. j. p. Yick-r.-. and Mrs. John
GclJcri o:' inls citv have re.oive.l
v.vrd f.,n. their .-i.ncr. Mrj. Edgar
Rkhaivs, in England, of tii0 death of
lei- ht-sL-sitd. who was killed while
:ighrf.s in Franc? with the British
trcci.s. The l'olio.ving clipp'.B fro;n
one cf the English papera was re
cti. cd ty them.
Dalt-n Mti P csumcd Killed.
Mis. UJcar Rkhavds (nee Buck,
P,a:t-J), or B'jth, lus received a let
ter fron t':e c.rr.iy council regretiully
cor.c. Jing te.at ncr nasoann, i-vi. cu
ter R! h.'rd.i. 25tb
.iiitr
;n:s
battalion, Nort'.
f.iii.i fusiliers, who ha-, b'e 1
;e Firce O. t. 12. 1317, was killel
.n cf forme,- Governor Bodie cf Art- on that date. Pvt.- m.hards joined t.ie
lines to El Paso. Wednesday, report
led a prosperous condition in soutn-
MAKING TRIP. western cities. The cotton crop
Officialg of the E. P. & S. W. rail- ! around Phoenix, Ariz., was never bet
way are on the annual inspection tsur ; ter. the Bisbee mines are operating
of lines west of El Paso. Upon com- ! full blast, and the smelters of Doug-
Tiletinn nf tb tour, the officials will I las are hustline to keep up with the i
go east, the tour fs for the purpose output. i two cf th's number.
He is a n?phew of Allen A. Depriesi
tf I'pper Lowell. He U ft here several
months ago for a training camp and
received a commission.
With three officers in the Forty-first
battalion, Arizona is quite well repre
sented and the Warren district has
today ILYMC TMEATEE today I
CONTINUOUS, 1 to I1 P. M. gj
in i
ct.lors in October, 1914. as a bands
man, and went to France as a stretch
er bearer ear'.y in 1915. An officer,
-.-"i-:; to Vr.j. Richards, says:
"Your husband was one of our old
est laid be'tt soidiers. He lea.es be
l.ind a memory of many kind acts done.
On the day ho was last seen "both he
-n I h.ia fellow stretcher be'trers did
heroic deeds rescuing the wounded u
der heavy fire. Deceased was 43 years
of age, and ltvves a widow and two
daughters. He was a brother of Mrs.
T.nkia cf Bmcleueh street, IaltJti.
Trivate Richards will be remembered
as a keen player in the Dalton town
bund, and also in the old amateur
land, lie was a noted clog diner.
n l anp-.arcd several times on the Co
operative hall stage. In some descrip
tive pieces given by the town band he
lianecd t!.e sailors' hornpipe.
GEMTIAL
THEATER!
TCDAY-
Continuo is, 6:45 to 11
TODAY
b : " " f, v -
u ':?! 5$ie barrjscale. "S-- 4 4
Xr-Vv 'I w 'MAOAM WHO -. i i f '
i: ' . . : 'I , J "?w: ..-lit -
rav- . -
FIYSTERY Clanking
MYSTERY Gasping
MYSTERY Twanging
ADMISSION
PARALTA PRESENTS
1 Bessie Barriscale
in an adptation of Harold
McGrutL's farnovs book
tfV 3iU
Dripping Fog. -B!;ck House.
Eleven rrtaaked rr.en 'ns.ce. Msjter
minds of eiemies' secret friee.
Crrch through ceii.ng. girl tfy trap
pd. Masked men dscide penalty.
LcctI nar.-iaoc to one of elein un
known husband, f.lsd rider tarirg
acrcis country, two division sur
render, their fate wrio itnows?
"MADAME WHO?"
ICKLE COMEDY
15 and 25c
phone 121,
hotel.
office below Copper Queen
PRINCE MAX THE COAT
Albert E. Smith Presents Charming
CORINNE GRIFFITH
(Hv I:-vi'W l.ia.teil Wirt'i
COPENHAGEN, Oct. 3. The Ber
lin Yr ts'.sche Zeitung says the appoint-'
mcnt of Prince Maximilian of Baden
AV. imperial German chancellor may be
regarded as an arcomplished fact. j
Neat patterns and cxce'.'.cr.: ma
teria!:: wi!l be found in the 200 men's
dress shirts that we are. putting on
sale Saturday at J 1.4 3. Kobey's. op
posite postoffice. 682
' a A. burnt Dance, Warren Pari;.
H'ytiacstlay uud Saturday. Admutl
rlitl r.l ceill. l.tltt fjeJ. Atv
"fte P mm 'fit
Painter and Paper Hanging
C. I. BRANDT
Box ir.i)
Phone 456
Business Locals
A VITAGRAPH BLUE RIEBON FEATURE
Pathe Presents
"Allies Official War Review No. 1"
American Soldiers Advancing to the front; The Zeebrugge Mole; Italian Submarine
Chasers Guarding Venice from the Hun vandalism
CHARLIE CHAPLIN in "His Million Dollar Job"
One of his greatest comedies.
FOR SHERIFF
I hereby announce myself an an in
dependent candidate for the orfice of
sheriff of Cochise county, subject to
DANCING ith" wiU of tne V0tcr9 at lhe ,al1 eleo"
Dancing every Monday and Friday ' "on. to be held on November the 6th.
f D, ti!-,, 1,!1 nn ft K" atritpt 11918.
L'.icky spot dancing and prize waltz.
G02 MRS. SALES.
ROCK HILL'S STAGE
BlBbee-Tombstone. Leaves Bisbee
RlBbee Auto Co.. 7 a. m.. 1:30 p. m. 7
Phona Bisbee 6. Adv.
Phone C60, day or night, for Dr. A. J.
I Doutbitt. 671
' NOTICE TO MINERS AND OTHERS
I I have bought the cigar stand in the
I English Kitchen and will sell cigars
and tobacco, etc, at all tiours day or
night.
101) WM. TRUAX, SR.
FRANK BftlGGS.
I promise If ele.ted an efficient and
I impartial administration.
Dr. Playfalr. Osteopam. 98 Mason
Hill, Mason car stop. Plione Blue 7
Adv. 231
DON'T ENVY A FIGHTER BUY EONDS AND BE ONE
L. L. Oilman sens the New Kelson
tb phonograph Ifh a sou!."
75?
BALCONY: , 10c; LOWER FLOOR, 15c; RESERVED SEATS, 25c. THIS IN
CLUDES WAR TAX
DAIRY STOCK
For Sale
2fl head choice milch cows
HOLSTEIN
Thev can be seen at the Warren
r or sale I rr.nch. 2 miles south of Bisbee. Mr.
One four room bungalow, modern, j Holmes, living on tho ranch, will j .
j completely furiiihed. near Vi-tn park, show the stock to anyone interested.
t Warren. A bargain. C. II. Hogan, Call or phone 1 13. 490 1
GRAND
Tlieater
FORMERLY ORPHEUM
Continuous from 1:00 to 11:00 p. m.
T-O-D-A-Y
TRIANGLE FILM CORP. PRESENTS
Gloria Swanson
-in-
"You Can't Believe Everything"
HATRED COVERS INNOCENCE WITH SCANDAL
also
"SWAT THE FLY"
A KATZENJAMMER FROLIC
Admission: Balcony, 5c; Lower Floor, 10c;
, Including War Tax
SUBSCRIBE FOR THE EISBEE DAILY REVIEW