Itafbf
AS
WEATHER.
Ariiona: Thursday and
Friday generally fair;
cooler Thursday.
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service.
VOL. 20, NO. 208.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THUSDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 7, 19!
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
? P.
mm
niviaaaiBun.
iVeu? 5iZ Would Give
President Infinite
Executive Authority
Administration's Answer, to
Congressional Demand for
More Efficiency Introduced
in Form of Measure.
Ey Ri-iw Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, Feb. 6. Almost
co-incident with Secretary Baker's
. . m 1
re-appearance Dei ore me uiur
tary committee today for cross exam
ination upon its recent statement of
what America is doing in the war, tha
administration's answer to congres
sional agitation fcfa war cabinet and
munitions director was given by. in
troduction in the senate of a bili
transmitted by President Wilson
which would give tne president blan
ket authority to re-organize and co
ordinate all federal departments, bur
eaus, agencies, officials and person
nel. The new measure was taken to the
capitol by a personal representative;
SUFFERING IN
EAST STILL IS
Electrocuted
While standing on a motor car re-
; pairing a chute, on the 1600 level
'of the Junction mine last night, a
man by the name of Gillaspy was
electrocuted when his head in some
(manner came into contact with the
tro!ly wire carrying 210 Tolts of
electricity. Gillaspy was taken in
5to the drift after being shocked and
j regained consciousness. When he
; reached the surface of the mine,
i however, his heart had stopped. AH
efforts failed to revive him.,
j Though the Junction office, last
night, was unable to furnish any
details regarding Gillaspy. it is
thought that the man's first name
QUARANTINE
AGAINST CITY
OF BISBEE IS
NOW ORDERED' FUEL FAMINE
CERTA RO
British Steamship Tuscania
Sinks in War Zone; First Loss
of Yankee Troops Announced
SlflhillffS j Cunard Liner Is Sent to the Bottom While Carrying 2,179
County Health Officer Orders 'Heatless Mondays are Continu-
Retdliative Measures! ed By Fuel Administrator.';
Against Bisbee for Lifting.
Quarantine Regulation. '
Trouble With Coal Situation
Still Intense. ij
An absolute quarantine of Eisbee !
(By Review Leaved Wire)
LONDON. Feb. The admiralty
reports fifteen British merchant
men sunk bv mine or submarines
in the past eek. Of these ten H
ere 16"0 tons or over and five U
undfr 1600 tons. Four fishing ves- y.
seis were also stink. jj
The Uritish losses by mine or j
submarines during the last week j
are approximately the same as. the Jj
previous week, when nine British
merchantmen of more than 1600 u
tons and sis of lesser tonnage was i
destroyed. i
Troops From the United States. Sinking Occurs Off the
Coast of Northern Irleand. Nineteen Hundred Twelve of
men are Accounted for By War Department.
! sided on Opera Drive.
SHLAPNIKOFF
FIRST STEP FOR
THIRD LIBERTY
LOAN ANNOUNCED
SAYS
RUSSIA
IS
FACING
CRISIS
of Indebtedness
I uiui vases mere uirecuy iraceaoie 10 ; ' - , . ;
and Banks of Country WH! infected places in Bisbee. according to taS issuing a.request that all Indus-
I a, x iuul tuu ne rinianm inai inis is -v..- r
Absorb Them.
viki Paints Hard Ficture of
Economic Situation in His
Country.
of the president and introduced byj
Senator Overman. Democrat- It :
mould empower the president to make!
over completely the executive branch
of the government for the period of
the war. re-arranging existing agen
cies and their functions and establish
ing such new ones as he might see
fit.
There has been no Intimation of any
specific action the president has in
mind. The bill was referred to the
judiciary committee, of which Senator
Overman is ranking Democratic mem-:
ber. One move which some officials t
savs Is contemplated is the appoint-! Certificates
ment of a chairman or the war indus-1
tries board a post now vacant and ;
the investment of the office with'
powers similar to those proposed for
the director of munitions. J
Premises Statement. !
Mr. Baker in his examination de
murred at telling in open sesion the
tasis of his assertion that the pros-.
pects were not unpromising for enough lion dollars will be raised in advance
ships to put a million end a half of the third liberty loan, which proV
American soldiers in France tLis y-ar. ably ill be launched in April, by sale
After much discussion durin; which
Senator Hitchcock, who has termed Plan looking to systematic uvest
the secretaires statement "wildly ex-' ment by every bank in these short
aggerated and preposterous." insisted ! term securities.
.... . h ..Mtinm thn A comprehens
i.. j .. ,-f,. in the war for the third loan, an-1
-i.m injure sii w . 0 , . . r- " . , i i. n - . . ... -.- -
ticn should be given in secret session , """"y"1 "t oecreiary acAauo : sion held yesterday afternoon at the : suspension pc-nuu u" gravatea oy tne tact mat nraner me
(Bv P Leased Wire)
II" 1 CI! 1 Vi 'Tf IV fdli IVinirar Af
i preventing anyone from leaving or en-- wide;uraa suturing from lack of coal
. tering the city unless they have a etill is imminent, fuel administration
' health certificate, vaccination certifi-' officials declared tonight in announc-;
(was El wood. If this is the case, he ,cate or can prove that they have been ! in tne continuance of the Monday
is survived bv a widow and by one ', ...i. ,,,. ... . " ., i closing order.
son. Grover C. The famflr bis re- renl?7 Taccintl or smailpox., g fue, ,0,, h,ve re-'
mtu ue aeciaren inttav riv 1 m nrr 1 in x
j - ' j j puiiev lUdl lUUUMUU UUlUn IU . '
Health Otficer Hunt unless the action j York and other cities of the east and
taken by Mavor Erkkson and mem-:n,itWle west have 110 co1' and canno1
bers of the City Board of Health yes-1 et it in sufficient aaantities to make
terdar afternoon in a meeting at the liTinS conditions bearable.
City Hall, when the quarantine on lo-' This situation, coupled with today's
cal theatres, billiard parlors, churches I railroa1 administration reports that ,
and other places where people con-' 're'Snt nd co&l movement was almost ;
gregate is rescinded and the quaran-' at standstUl both yesterday and to
tine on these places in Bisbee acain . daT ta the east- P'P1 Fuel Admin-,
put into effect. 1 istrator Garfield to announce that "tne
Dr. Hunt last night wired State Possibility ot human suffering is too
Health Officer o. w. sweek. ot Phoe- KZ' Mmislex of Labor for Bolshe-
nix. 10 tnia enect and stated conditions l"c
I here as they exist relative to the small-1 crease the existing supply of coal. -
pox epidemic uarneia expressea me oupe.
Four New Cases. I towever. that after next week railroad
There were four new cases of small-l freight embargoes and preferential
pox yesterday, according to Dr. Hunt. I coal delivery orders may be used as
I who states that two nf thee in 1 substitutes tor heatless Mondays 10 ei-
Will Be Issued Erery Week! Bisbee and two in Tombstone. . Al! ! Iect ctal . .
iiour cases were airectiy traceable to! "" "v""'"""- : ,r . ,
(Ey Review Leased Wir)
Dr. Hunt and he explains that this is ! lnes "na ousines nouses ouspeuu oy-; PETROGRAD. Feb. .'The eco-
whyhU decision to take such drastic erations next Tuesday. Lincoln soirin-1 . Russia rr,v.
QJJ J V ' "
"... , . . .v . v vrv rv" V SiiiiaDnikoff. the com-
Utticiais are conviuceu ihi iu- . , - - 1
store the orizin&l auarantine emharra ' dustnal suspension nas oeen exiica-1 . .
wiTreached! auarantln embargo Associated p,, corespondent today
Dr. Hunt savs lhat it is new entire- i ties, and that the consumption at other ; "The causes are nniversaL on prob
ly contingent on rne action of the Bis ! times has not beet, increased by the ably kuow them M well as 1 do and
bee health authorities of the . iiv is temporary shut down. Officials cited ; there is no need lo enlarge upon them.
of certificates ot indebtedness under J to be isolated lrom the rest of the I the report of the national committee I "We are going through the transi-
county until such a lime as conditions on gas and electric service, tnai in , tioa period rrom war 10 peace, con
here improve and he is justified in 1 twenty-nine large cities gas and elec- tinued the commissioner. "This is a
I concellinc the order He claims he i trie companies saved from iwemy-io most difficult period In better organtz-
A comprehensive scheme for prepar-, has full aothoritv to take this action. , to twenty-five per cent of their nor-. countries and is particularly dif-
informa- lnK the way for the third loan, an-! Argument waxed warm at the ses- mal coal consumption on the five day . fieutt In Russia. The difficulty is ag
WASHINGTON, Feb. 6. The Cunard liner Tus.
cania, carrying 2,179 American soldiers, has been
torpedoed and sunk off the Irish coast, but official re
ports late tonight said 1,912 of the officers and men
had been saved and indicated that the list of rescued
might prove even larger. The troops, composed chief
ly of detachments of Michigan and Wisconsin national
guardsmen, were traveling on the Tuscania, a British
vessel, under convoy of British warships.
A brief dispatch to the war department from Lon
don early tonight announced the disaster and reported
the landing of only 1,100 survivors. This was made
public shortly after 10 o'clock and for more than two
hours it was feared that probably 1,400 men, including
members of the liner's crew, had gone down.
WASHINGTON. Feb. . Three bil-
measures. nnless the city authorities j
back down from their stand and re-'
WASHINGTON, Feb. 6. Nineteen hundred and twelve
of the 2,1 79 American" officers and men on board the Cunard
liner Tuscania, torpedoed and sunk in the war zone, were
reported accounted for in a dispatch to the state department
tonight from the American embassy at London.
News of the first great disaster in the war to America's
armed forces came in a brief dispatch to the war department
from London. "It did not mention the possibility of further
survivors, but hope was built here upon the fact that 1.100
were landed at two widely separated Irish ports and indica
tions that relief vessels were at hand quickly.
The soldiers on board the Tuscania were small detach
ments from almost every section of the country. There was
no distinctive military unit from any state, and for this reason
war department officials announced that it would be impossi
ble to announce a list of those on board until complete reports
had been received. Instructions were sent by wireless and
cable bv the war. naw and state denartments to their reDre-
ucn sncuia oe smpq in mi kssiuu , - .fi' i . f .1 r - - 1
and Mr. Baker promised to prepare Provid for the is tne'and 22. and. on the he atless ' emperor's nor Kerensky's government sentatives in England and Ireland, directing that rVery detail
statement. I more of these certificates every , members of the city health board met j These public utilities were asked to ; regulated the industries. ! r j j 1 1- .,1
with Dr. Brown and a large delegation ' furnish a lair maex 01 me Beneri There was nnevenness or produc-j dc rorwaraea at tne earnest possioie moment.
At first officials of the department thought it would be
unwise to publish the list of soldiers on the ship until the
nd too litle of others. The first mea- names of survivors could be civen. fearinc it would cause
unnecessary anxiety on the part of the families of the men
involved. Later, when it was pointed out that delay in giv
ing out the list would give heartbreaking hours to nearlv every
family in the country with a boy in the slrvice. Major General
Mclntyre, chief censor, announced that it had developed that
nam frnm
further action necessary. He explain-1 the middle ot next wee 11 me c1"" , " Z' "1 ! . " - ; e,"- -- -1
ed that he had believed he was acting! still remains as hostile to successful are being turned back to their ort-;ment s recorI3 because there was no distinctive military unit
only in the best interests of the com-! operations. j ginai purpose ,lAnKnard
1 - - j iiaaru iu v lint raitui uuciuiivj uicui . w
permanent organization, j PJf in Russla" tne commissioner, jj,e yr department announced that its records showed
(By Review Laad 5 ! course unemployment is con-! the following were on board the Tuscania:
mtHwioi2r the govern-Snh but it i, difficult to gve Headquarters detachment and companies D. E and F of
manent organization-! i s J the number of the unemployed. Thr . t 7- U
ment railroad adnunktration. " t d.mnKii.,,inn u inrre.sin i the 1 wentieth engineers.
nounced tonight by Directoi Gene ra. - temporarily, as!
McAdoo. provides for retention of returning ti
mcst of the personnel of the tipor- j he hf w(U ufce up)
ary siau un.u u- - - - "-"i the lands.
government assumeu ' , worse n,itht are the nnemDlov-
statement.
In the meantime the committee will.
proceed with its general war inquiry.
Secretary Baker told the commit
tee that more American troops had!
fl" "" " " , -f i gross resources tor investment In the Die conKreeate
m.icu uj -- certmcates in telerrams sent out hv n
TuntA that In hi ralrulatinns as tf ! n w . 1 "I ... !..:,.. 1 1 EV.;tiM muM
" : jir. jicauuu. A rioxisinn waa roirhnl after hear- 1 Bloc PCS 01 11 are oauira. , . 1
what could be done he did not rely The first of the $500.oo.000 certiti- ing bth sides and upon thi recom-inot reach mines through twenty-foot ( s aua g -u., ,
ent.rely on American slupplng. but! nte fesae, nder this plan wa an-Unaation ot the mayor and members of ' snow drifts in some Pennsylvania re- ; those we need I most such a. locomo
would go no further at the public nounced tonight. They wiU bear 4 per the citr health board that the ouar- eions and consequently mines were "ves. cars autoom'. 1 nou-
cent. the same rate as other recent U- antine should be lifted. Dr. Brown ! idle. It was pointed out that the full ; sanus MJin
, sues, will be -dated February 8th md 1 iutom! to thi .rtion tenitx.rarilv or effect of this derangement win ne leu ; ' uu. -
oiiEH.Tipuuu ; until sucn a lime
two weeks until the total runs to $.1
ow.otw.tKW by the middle of March. I of local business men and threshed ! ing. tion even In the branch of industry
tvery national Dank, state bank and j out the matter of the quarantine ef- t or railroads, weamer mmw -. n,afcjn,5 niunitions ot war. there being
trust company is asked to set aside ' fecting theatres, churches, billiard : day were a little better, but still the toQ produced of some articles
w.u mrrm. twui uut yer crm 01 us j parlors ana otner places wnere peo-: ireigni irauic " - a
mat, ana aitnousn co-. . sure we are taking is to cut down the
everywnere. i-u.u..".j - n,,-,,,,,,. f ,h th.n nM-,urv
hearing.
In explaining functions of the re-1 will mature May 9th.
organized war department bureau:! : books are to close February 15th. The
the secretary said that while Edward j certificates of this and other future ia
R. Stettinius. the new surveyor gen- j sues will be received eventually in pay
eral of supplies. lacks technical legal j ment of liberty loan receipts,
authority, he had broad powers ini The secretary's plan calls virtually
securing production, with larger du-! for the loan by banks, big and little, of
ties than England's munition director. ! tbe three billion dollar aggregate of
Legislation is unnecessary to secure ' certificate issues, before the real liber-1 men.
government co-ordination, he contend- ty loan campaign starts. By this; Dr. Brown showed a disposition to
ed. other than that he suggested and means tbat sum will be guaranteed in ' meet the business men half way and
which is proposed In tbe Overman 1 tne liberty loan drive, and the differ-1 gave evidence to these in regard to
bilL j ence between that sum and the total ; proper fumigation ot their houses in
as conaiUons made j tomorrow and Saturday and even by ' for that work as they have all been
sssary. He explain- the middle of next week if the weather ; turned into munition factories. These
munity when he decided to quarantine
the business places and churches and
had not done so with the idea ot in
juring anyone or any set of business
New BUI a Surprise.
Introduction of the Overman bill
came as a surprise and promises to
change entirely tbe character of the
controversy over war machinery re
organization. Administration spokes
men who. in view of tbe president's
statement last week that he desired
agitation over the military commit- j
tee1
check .discussion as far as possi
of the liberty loan would have to com j order to take as much precaution
largely from individual
scribers.
private xub-
H0FFMAN AT BERLIN
against the spread of tbe disease as
possible. He thought that with proper
care the theatres might be permitted
to run one show nightly without bad
results. He suggested that the bil
liard parlors try to keep spectators
roaas. it aaas v. i. .-. ' - -j -nlnn ,vA educated ten nt thoii-
fPv Review Lnwd Wlre
AMSTERDAM. Feb. S. General from loafing around the places when
Hoffman, who took a prominent part ; not actually playing and asked the
. Du. T MAwA,tiAM Jm. kDlnaGa man tn iln all Tirwfiihla trk at-
7, V ing the early sessions, participated in
ck adiscussion as far as possible. :, ,.
now will join in re-orraniz&uon de
bate
tin AOMtrfliTi'i tha TaVbI Invotiror
SlUa V..VaUSUBa aV V - - - nu.VltlVI.
as ciampions of the new mea-' TKi , ..j. ,v, tmnnT.
sure which will be vigorously fought ,nt decisJon. mre impending regarding
by members who oppose granting the the eastern and Rumanian question-,
president further powers. ; The Cologne Volks Zeitung nnder-
Sessions of the senate and house stands that the Brest-Litovsk negotia
today passed without revival of the tions will be resumed Thursday in the
controversy, but tomorrow addresses ' direction of concluding peace with Uk
in both bodies are scheduled. ! raine.
The text of the bill follows: ;
Text of Bill.
A bill authorizing the president to
co-ordinate and consolidate the execu
tive bureaus, agencies, officers and
for other purposes in the interest of
economy and more effective adminis
tration of the government.
"Section one That for the national
security and defense, for the success
ful prosecution of the war.
BRITISH CADET ARRESTED
CRv Renew Leaned Wire)
CHICAGO. Feb. . Federal agents
tonight arrested Frank Fielding, a ca
det of the British royal flight corps, on
a charge that he was planning to dis
pose of the British military code and
plans and designs of flying machines
tn a Rnnnnspd r.prmin appnt. The
tor sup- poj. book was found on Fielding, but
port and maintenance of the array hf. Henied ht ho hail made anv effort
and navy, for tha better utilization of to dispose of it.
resources and Industries, and for the ;
more effective exercise and more ef-: NEIUW AMSTERDAM SAFE'
ficlent administration by the presi-
dent of his powers as commander-in-j ifr R-viw tm.W wiret
chief of the land and naval forces. 1 AN ATLANTIC PORT. Feb. 7. The
the president is hereby authorized Holland-America line steamship Nei-
sist him in keeping the disease under
control, which these men readily
agreed to do.
Rev. Compton Speaks.
the Brotherhood of tnsinemen
Firemen, as director of the division of
labor, and Charles A. Prouty. as dir
ector of the division of public service
and accounting.
Mr. Carter will organize a staff of
assistants to deal with labor com
plaints and other questions affecting
employment conditions, while the rail
road wase commission will continue
Rev. J. B. Compton of tire Baptist j lo hear wage applications and recom-
Church was present and stated that j n,end a general course of action to
while the quarantine would not neces- j tne director general. Mr. Prouty it
sarily hurt him or the church that he i wa8 announced. will represent the in
was a firm believer in fair play and terest of fanners, manufacturers, pro
that h thought the action Uken wasj ducer shippers and consumers gen-
bound to work a hardship on tne dusi- , ., H a. ct as intermediary
ness men bit by the ruling and plead
that some less severe measure be
taken to curb the epidemic
Numbers of the business men spoke,
presenting their side of the argument
and citing that this was not the first
Ume that an epidemic had occurred
here and stating that each time there
was a scare certain businesses were f
singled out for slaughter. j
Several of the business men com-
mented on the fact that the schools '
were kept open wnne tne renips
Dodge store, the Penney Co.. and the
Wool worth five and ten cent stores
170th engineer train.
1 07th engineer train.
107th military police.
1 07th supply train.
Number 1 00 aero squadron.
1 58th aero squadron.
2 1 3th aero squadron.
Replacement detachment Nos. 1 and 2 of the 23rd division.
Fifty-one casual officers. .
TV,- k 1 cmarJ
T tha niunnlKmuiil 1 ' " " 1 "
w-m we are orsanizine Dubiic works.! troops from Michiean and Wisconsin. The division trained
! such as sanitation work, building.!-. f.mr MrArtri,r T-v
construction, wood cutting, peat dig-- . , . . f c. 1
ging. etc." i Ine i07th engineers was composed ot the tirst battalion
'of Michigan engineers; the 1 07th military police was made
an. insurance record frQm thK fourth anJ sixth -;'iscons;n jnfantry and the 1 07th
a a 1 It"
(Bv Review iued wire) suddIv tram from the fourth, tirth and sixth Wisconsin in-
sands of them, mostly officials, bank
clerks and others who considered
themselves above the working class
and do not like physical labor. The
ministry of industry, for instance, em
ployed 1200 officials while at present
it l"5- only 300 employees and the
wcrk is better dona.
Joy Over Rescues.
between the public and the railroad
administration for suggestions or
complaints.
Other members of Mr. McAdoo's
permanent staff are:
General assistant. Walker D. Hines.
New York.
General counsel. John Barton
Fayne. Chicaco.
Director of the division of transport-1
ation. Carl R. Cray. Baltimore.
dent of the Western Maryland Insured tor a total of I22i.000.000 be- widely separated Irish ports, and this. COUpled with th-
Director division of traffic. Edward fore the campaign for insurance is . . ",VV . t , . i .11
'Chambers. Chicago and California. ' ended.
T" v a s . wa .
uciii.u. .m.. reo. . tvery one -
ot its 1.239 men and sixty-four officers : tantiy.
insured for the $10,000 maximum on- :
aer tne tederai insurance act is tne; - . jt V
record made bv the 126th Field Anil-. & hen a message came to the state department rrom ine
,!rT:l.IoT!n"tio,J,K,,rl!,?rlme.Kt- embassv at London saying at 1 1 o'clock tonight 1.912 of the
stationed at Camp Cody, said to be the , .- lit j"r i C fP " T 1
banner liberty loan regiment of the Americans had been accounted tor, the joy ot otnciais ai-
Vnited States. w .r-t cw.n V Jictra vr-aeinnsr1 Kv thr eArlirr new.
Army insurance officers today eeti- 7 3 111.1 j r
presi- mated the thirty-fourth division ill be 1 he tirst I , I UU survivors were lanaea at Larne ana ouncrana,
were permitted to remain open. They presiaent 01 tne inia re.
claim that people congregate as much : Director of the division of finance .
in these stores or more so than in and purchases. John Skelton Williams,
their nlaees of business while thev Mr. Williams will continue in office
OPERATION SUCCESSFUL
(Ft Rvlw iMwd Wir
NEW YORK. Feb. . An operation
and empowered
tribution
tive
sa ry,
to
in montinruwl ht in th Twwt ofTire as comptroller oi tne enrrencv. " . '. . . . . r r .1
make such re-dis- w Amsterdam, which sailed from Rot nj 8twt ,. croVded and! Frank McManamy. chief Inspector PTicrmed utc today on Cownw Theo- Washington were up late waiting tor Iurtner nCWS.
of functions among execu- ?rara January z arter ion- aeiaym nbhf4 elbows in greater numbers ; of locomotives for the interstate com- . 1 -T.V. . " w . .-1 the briefest disnatches were received and none Cave anv
..onrio. he m deem neres- lnal naroor. amved nere toaay. inetf),, jn Kiniarfi narlnn and ' merce commission, was made manager "u " .... ' . ... ..." . .
including anv functions, duties' lintT na1 board a large number of chnrche9 affected bv the order. ! of the locomotive section, and wilt ?r bwV?. T" "U9'"U a5T?r: tails ot the attack on the liner, tven the time Was
" - .w w: a mA- - 1 . in w in nil I ir in ina innirni nv bis
uas.'Tugri a. aiiiuiiz inciu iuiiii aiuvi - 1 . : --r ---- ----- - - - -
(ConUnued ob Page Two) licans. I (ConUnued on Pag Two) ' tCtmUnued on rage Twc) , physician. Dr. Wal'.on Martin. iCpnunued oa Pas Twot
evident fact that rescue ships were at hand auickly gave rise
to hope that nearlv everybody on board the Tuscania except
those injured by the explosion might have been saved.
The president. Secretary Bakei and in fact all official
Unly
de-
missing. AMERICAN
SOLDIERS LOST
m
T
uMuaurc iron x ; i-.e riirriu-n ui me snuiuua f upon any executive department, com-i
hut is was a-sumed that It occurred : tb sleatner had tfn gripped of most , niioBm fcureau. agency, office or 01
Dut It was assumeu inai n ociurr-u . . . nrW -itrinr in order u .. . . i.i.
MriT this moraine as the first nies-
' . , . , tsf as great a mmwr 01 troops
sage mas filed at London at S o dock -roc.,. -
this afternoon, probally within an Troon. Landed "
hour after the reiiefship. reached the j n,Jncran J from
TS.PS- J.! th' JTr n' t'erTc
and he was not told until he return ) IU5"eh,S,wlil' on he nfe
ed to the Whit House, la the mean J of .Ireland, twelve miles from London
time the war. navy and state depart . erry. Lough Swilly ,s a long nar
ments had send uregut niessaees br: bay runmng in from the Atlantic
wireless and cable instructing tueir
representatives in England and Ire-;
land to forward every available
fac.
immediately.
No Definite Details. I
Because of the nature of the mi'.i
tarv organizations carried by the ship. I
the' war department annou'nced tiiat;tVlC Pcna is one hundred miles.
it would be impossible to say definite
ly what troops were aboard until the'
list of survivors was received. Later. :
however, the adjutant general's oftice
made the list public.
All the soldiers are former Wiscon--sin
and Michigan guardsmen except t
those in the aero squadron, who prob
ably were recruited from all parts of
the country. ',
Neither the dispatch to the war de-;
panment nor that to the state de-'
partment. referred to the fate of the
members, of the Tnscania's crew. Vn-i
doubtedly many of them were saved j
and when ail reports are in officials :
hope that the loss of life will be re
markably small. The liner, which t
not a regular transport, was unde'
convoy and the warships apparently,
were quickly alongside for rescue;
work when the torpedo struck.
The state department's dispatch .
gave the number of soldiers on board
as 2.1 73. six less than the war de
partment's reepcrt. It told of plans,
proTcptly made for caring for the sur-'
vivors. The state department issued
thit statement:
The latest advices received by the presidential proclamation and to op
state department from the embassy erate all oil and gas wells on naval
at Lcndon regarding the Tuscania is petroleum reserves numbers one and
that at 11 n-. m. Februarv 6 the latest , . . .
- , 1 .u . ,, two in California, were explained to
information was th".iSJ2 ofrs and committee,
men on the Tmciii were accounted Senator Swanson acting chairraan.
for out cf -1.3. explained that he had drawn a bill
Tne ambassador .has sent an as- afler witn s,, rni-
sustant military attache and another eig and AttorneT ceral Greeorr and
arn y officer to Belfast. Ireland. Re- its purpose was to 8mip aU dis.
rresentativeh of the American Re-1 pa,es wUh prirate claimants which
Cress and of the Y. M. C- A. hare haTe t;ed , th(l iandg for Revera.
gone with full power to spend all the years. It was desired, he said, to give
money needed and authorizations from the president power to offer a price
the F.ritish Red Cross to use their even to claimants who presumablr
equipment afFelfast. The ambas- had no legal title to their wells. Should
sador turtner reports mat tne iora
mayor at Belfast is giving all the' aid
possible. "
First Troop Ship Sunk. :
The Tuscania was the first ship
carrying American troops to Europe
to be sunk br German submarines. '
but the American transport Antilles'
was torpedoed and sunk in the war
zene while returning to the I nited
States from France and fourteen sol
diers were lost with 156 other persons,
including several members of the
naval armed guard.
American warships convoying tran
sports to France last June twice
fousht off subnisrine attacks. Siare
hen. however, there lias been no re
port of an attack on a ship car.-yij?
American troops to Europe.
Recently the navy department l as
lared that the Germans would mak?
a concerted effort to mterc-pt tran-
-.13, iuvr rt-Lxi to imiit oi ui- sun- proposed bill would enable the narv
marines to their bases beinz inter- io develop its oil field to meet the sit
f reted as preliminary to such a cam- nation if the extensions by the private
r.aisn. owners failed to overcome the short-
7 hi position of the Tuscania when
tfr-. was sunk is taken to indicate that
s'ie was bound to England. Her sink
ice definitely discloses that Uritisi;
ships are be'ns used to carry Ameri
can troops abroad, supplementing
American traustort tonnaze. This
fact has been intimated before cud
protabry arises from the decision of
the supreme war council toeu:ake ev-
ery effort to augment General Per.h-
insr's army during the present rear.
Navy officials have insisted that
rnnir rkrA -w. r . . i , . ,
f.ir . " v uiui-i a-aiariui plans ana
forts to safeguard transports there I
i-iMmus govern tne movement
c: Anierkan troor on a British v es
se) as would govern their passage on
an American craft. These reculatims.
: fh are rieidly enforced, provile fir
sufficient lifeboats and life craft .-ai.a
city for every man aboard the shin,
eten if one half of the boats are
rendered uelesg throucb the listina
of the ship ben she is struck.
DETAILS OF SHIP.
r CT SOIlte time th TiiaMti, V.
fceen under charter to '.he Cunard line
itnd she is "he r-f;h bir iki r
crard
be:ran.
company )oH s'ne the war
Although prior to January 1st or the
're--nt -ar there were more than
-miimhi American tro.jps in
-'frril!, to the statement
France
ma-ie bv
1 M, Liry or war Pker ti,A x,.,..
r.it mas tho first transport to be tor-
ioea on the voyaee frr.m an Ameri
can port to Fran-e. Several American
'an.pons. however, have been tor-pedc-d
on the return journey, after
f.avine deharkfd troops
"I'll tre Tuscania
was first n"
ttto fn!f her annoinf r..or.r f- fit
'abin na.-iergrs of w! cni she ).i!d
carrj- -.o. were sumpt-Jou. The pane-'
l-ne or her mi-n Ic:.tlEo ro-ii mas jn
! ve worKl. inlaid ai-h a line of sve-
i".re. jr.e f',-.r
oak.
were of pol;.-hel
A !,.!,. afp tld rvnnaslum
mr.kir.t ro..ms rl-nine salons and a
-ov ,v..m of heating and venti
Moii mre fe.tSres -of the new lin-r.
Tne first r.nd second c-'j' . stst" r-021?
er- finip.ted rn the bridge it-ck and
he ler de'k anrdshijis an1 mere Ir?
in sire and weii f:irnih-d.
!! i"; t i,l.V. loj e'.rr. in icw of
shjp mould stumble upon a lurttagi mith Standard Oil company. day from Christian!, says that during jean complete, in France, the training
submarine and the Vnral VlM t Rice emphatically denied that there' January, twelve Xorwesian vessels . be a u a here Regard.ng viat.on.
nie'.n ,a, that th ! f whit htnnen V German holding in the interests; aggrezating 1S.S-.5 gross tons, "were ! American developments had been "he
in. this case happened of wM(h the cotnpan, ig ,! -!ost by the war" and eight Xorae- ynd all expectation" be declared. ,.e
T,e me regulations . t rr. v t: the Shell Transportation and I rian seamen lost their lives. . outlined how America had helped the
reu,anjns s to I.fe sav- ,., r i.-V!aH ,n t h. , entente also finanHally and with shtn-
inc n L'amius EOxern th mn.c,.n, -. i
rimt s s
1 V'."": I
I"e. where other survivors ereiear,ier tinie during the said year as i
landed from the vessel, is no
1 11 .7
northeast coast of Ireland.
! tVrOAtn llju fw.m Tint f
twenty-
It IS a
north channel port. The approxim
, ate distance by water between the
DEPARTMENT OF
NAVY WILL TAKE
OIL WELLS
Flans of the Navy Department
to Take Over Certain Oil
and Gas Wells Explained to
Senate NavaJ Committee.
AVASHrXGTOX. Feb. . Plans of
the navy department to take over by
they refuse that rrice. they could have
recourse to the courts. If they lost
there they would receive T5 per cent
of the original offer.
Officer I Witness,
Lieutenant Comma nder X. H.
bright, in charge of oil reserves for
the department was the chief witness.
H id l f b nT t3" over
na "Peraiea me vteus on reserve
dumber two, existing contracts with
tar.uus laiuurnia municipalities wduiq i
be carried out. If necessary addition
al gas wells would be drilled. The
present wells, he said, would produce
sufficient oil to last the navy for two
years of war and eight or nine subse-j
quent years of peace and in addition '
woull furnish a reserve or ;50.000.00u
barrels.
It H 11 v 1 ci n-nl that tva c rv-t nf mil in
raKf.rni. i Hiinin nmir tht!
a senous pitnatIon is threatened." Com-1
zander Wright said passage of the!
age. The navy intended, he said, to
keep up t'le California oil supply and
to trade its oil at the pipe lines for
refined products at suitable delivery
points for the fleet. !
Wants Leases.
hue the senate committee was
in session the house public lands com-!
mittee held a hearing on the Ferrisi
oil land leasing bill. Benjamin J.
Rice, representing the Roxana Petro-j
leum company, a foreign-owned con-
cern. testified that his company favor-,
.0 I a.,cIu f inn ac f r 1 n c .iq anil vvtnl.!
. . ' " ;
ties that would enable it and other;
Rcval Dutch Development company of
Holland. The Dutch government he.'
OVER
said, if a partner in t!:e combination.. ,Hy Roxicw Leased Wlrei ' ' Ha Optimism.
The Roxana company, he said, owns SHENANDOAH. Pa.. Feb. 6. The I have the optimism of the satis
10.01)0 or 15K0 aires of oil lands in Cornins mill of the Hercules Powder fied." Mr. Tardieu s d. discussing the
Oklahoma: 2".0i.o or S.000 acres in company at Ferndale. near here, blew situation generally, "and as long as 1
Texas: 3.00 or 40 acres in Kansas;; up today, killing one man. the onlyishall be here as the representative of
1.500 or 2.0"0 acres of patented lands: person in the building. A large quan- niy country I will ask from yon. er
in Wyoming, and has an investment 1 tity of powder was dstroped. ieryday. a still greater effort. After
of more than S20.000.000 in California. ! " 43 months of war our needs are huge
.iTh nine lines in that state one in'
Llalinmi anI inrThr tinHpr rYitiatrui1.
tion. The witness said all of the
Cutjiii romnanv's nrndurla not sold!
'n in's country are shipped to the
allies.
Mr. Rice said if the government,
turned oil lands over to private com-;
panics unconditionally it could not
control tle waste cil resources. :
waste cou.a te avoiaea. ne insisiea. ,
b a graduated lease system
Concerning the Osage rield in W y-
oming. Commander Wright said it was
tiel up under trust agreement, but
added that oil from that field as well
as California were needed because ot
the possibility of "an Atlantic war
and -a Par if ic war."
DEATHS IN ARMY
fl'.v Rvh Leat-d Wirt-)
WASHINGTON. 'Feb. . Deaths
from natural causes aniens men in
General pTshinc's for;e reor1ed to
dav included:
'oit-rnl Ijimson G. Williams, rail
road engineer. Sn Antonio. Tex.:
Private Wiilie Browning, fractured
tkuil. IeWalt. Tex.
The baseball seHson of 1S1R for the
Nation! and Aiueruan league will
urea n Arril 15
New Bill Would
Give President
Infinite Power
(.tiliiinl from 'J(t" On)
nH nnwm hitherto bv law eonfered
licer, in sucn manner j- -
ment shall seem best fitted to carry
. . . I . j ,, i
o.i ( purpw . I." " hime" ,cal rrance will be aoie netore
nis rnu is -.ju.j
regulations aua 10 " " .77 i
as ne may u-m - . -1
that this act shall remain in force dur-
ing the continuance of the present
war and for one year after the termtn-
ation o: the war by the proclamation
of the treaty of peace, or at suca ,
1 the president n.av designate; ana
vjdej jrther. that the termination i
.hie mM shall not affect anv acts ,
done or any right or obligation ac-
cruing or accruea pursuant iu
act and during the time this act is
in force.
-Section two That in carrying o"t
the ourpose of this act. the preiaent
Is authorized, in such manner as he I
n-t .nnronriare. to CO-!
crd'inate or consolidate any executive
commissions, bureaus, agencies, of .
r, ,n..r ,n- fin-
ties' or powers from one existing
partmenrcommission. bureau, aseucy.
office or officer to another to tran
sfer the personnel thereof or any part
of it. either by detail or assignment,!
. . s.m- . "i- ..hIi
xotemer wun me waoie or u i.
of the records and public property be-j
. '
.'. .HH.tinai or
agencies and to rest therein the per-! America in Mts war preparations measures which were immediately
, r-tin. v n.-v' ls stimulant for effort and nobody stud ed and deciced upon, unanimous-
deen nronriatl h" lhe riht to -fnse ,0 Ampri- wiU bring for the 'Xt rconth
'p :fcmTh.. . ,h ican people this stimulant." The com- decisive improvement. Their execu
tion three-That for the V- reviewed the nation's ac- tion has alreadv ben.-
vva r ihthi as 1 1 nrAricKinc '
JV-TT VI l. 11. UUl a v
"
of this act any moneys heretofore and
nereatter appropnaiea ,or uie use
sion. bureau, agency, office or officer,
shall be available for the purposes
ior wnicn u was appropnaiea unuer:
me airecuon 01 sucn omw trwj "
mayoe cirectea ny ine presiceni here
under to perform and execute said
function.
"Section four That during the time
this act is in force, all restrictions in
ail Y existing law creatinp any execu-jbut
uqwuiixui, tuHiuiias.vu,
agency, office or officer or defining
tbe.duties thereof, shall be deemed to
be suspended to the extent that they
may be inconsistent with the exerci-e
Ol lutr buiuuiu i.riT: rvuic. , vri.
goes to Ernorn
IX V. M. C. A. W ORK
e , ... V ; . 1
This is a new portrait of ArthutJ
i a r , t r t t - i
fr "'. V "f1. 'oroes y,
T? . . .1f-?'L '2
Yy nLCL
- -
, ,-,.-
NORWEGIAN suit Lua&ta.
' '
POWDER MILL EXPLOSION.
gOTenior'
was. in Flagstaff last week.
. I
RIGHTFULLY i
DIFFERENT A
cented. im- I l
,ii ff
McDonalds Matnello
.-hone 305
Shop
m V' V J
I fW m aT II. 1
! . Arthur 5L ti arris. I
WASHINGTOX. Feb. 6. A cable
v ft ;
PIS DELIGHTFULLY1
DIFFERENT i
Exquisitely scented, im- B
tits as well as protecu by
clinging to the skin. v
. Send ten cents for oar dainty. X
i cotainiac thnpuwder, a
Fhantora Powder, Mo- y
tor Cream. Torth f U j
FaateandUaad I B Vv i
aaxaavalHS 1 m aaoaMaaal
!
FRANCfWlOf ABLE TO FINISH "
SOFFIdiT ARTILLERY FOR HALF
. MILLION AMERICANS BY MY FIRST
.,ltT Review UmkI Wire
NLW U)KK Ph Announce-
, " .
i 10 manuiacture enough arm-
supply zv American aivisions
r w. iroops. '.'
the I nited States meanwhile adheres
ito an understanding by which France
would receive the necessary raw ma-;
tenal from America, was made here
ton.ent by Andre Tardieu. Frencb .
high commissioner to this country. '
Mr. laraieu made the statement also
that there are in France today more
American troops than Comprised the
American array at the time the Inited
states entered tne war: at mat time,
he said, the American army contained
212.t00 officers and men.
The French official sooke at a din-
ller wnich as part of New orks
celebration of the Jour de L'AMiance
T raui-aise. w n ic a was
observed
throughout the Veiled States and
Canada Joday. the anniversary of the
treaty between France and the Ameri-
de-jn colonies in 1778 Ju.es J Jusser
mbassdor- w.3
was
; f, u 1 ui uvuur.
I Condemns Secrecy.
Aerun tnat -serrecy ougnt to ne
thine of the nat Kpcanse our rie-
- --; - -- .
m"7 n, o anow in oroer to
w.Tl Mr To rA u.t 1A that
I appreciation of the result achieve-
i Wm nlichmon r c and mi 1 1 inw1 m-Ko
! " ' . . . '
; fa(.turlnR ordnance both for the Tni-
.1.. i.
lies.
j We nave
the line." he said,
- abont lism guns of every calibre.'
I and every day more than 300.000 shells
get those guns, to produce those shells,
we created an industry which did not
exist before the war and which has
enabled us not only to arm ourselves
alfo to arm our allies.
i nuoui speaiungoi vnn e innu-
; ufacture for you. and that is several
hundred guns a month, we have dur
i ing th past three years given to our
i allies in Europe. L."0,000 rifles; 13.-
A., t. . innaa MnW4HA
0X automatic rifles: lO.fHHl machine
leuns; Sftfl.000 catridges; 1.500 guns,
and 4.750 areoplanes.
I The adoption without any modifi-
! cation of our various types of guns
would certainly have saved some time
to the benefit of American production.
i and some delays maybe the conse-
:quence of the improvements you are
looking for, always, and rightly- at
that, aiming at better results.
"But as we have agreed, it is under-
; stood that you should supply and
I transport to France the neressary raw
materials, we mm. under sucn rona:-
tions b able, in France, to deliver to
you bffore July 1st, enough guns to
thoroughly equip 20 of your divisions,
The situation, therefore, is completely
safe in that respe?t"
"Wonderful and Splendid."
Mr. Tardieu described America's
military effort as "wonderful and
snlendil." and asserted it had been "a
surprise to the enemy." "I have co-
operated for nearly 10 months, hour
by hour, with every part of your war
organization." he said. "What you
have cone is niagnificient, worthy of
your allies, worthy of yourselves.'
Alluding to the raising of the nation-
' al army. Mr. Tardieu declared that
"no event of wiJer import has ever
; taken place since the beginning of the
1 war." He continued:
I "Thus your government with a
clear and courageous view, has given
you the strength in numbers, the firs;
I condition of military power. In April.
!1917, you had 9.524 officers and 2i".
'510 men. You now have 110.000 of ft
cers and 1.5OU.0O0 men. and t-ie num
; ber of your men in France at the pres
.ent moment is notably iu excess of
the establishment of your army nine
. months ago."
France, he said, has taken "every
so that America
pint, food and fuel-
-aid which he tie-
scribed "as immeni
and conclusive."
indeed and in ordr to supply them
enormous sacrifices are required of
: ycu."
I The speaker recalled that Amerira.
in order to equip its army with gur.s
and airplanes called npon the allies
. for its immeliate needs, at the same
time inaugurating a program or Amer
ican manufacturing.
"Some people in Europe a well as
here." he said, "have been wondering
why you have not. in that respect, done
i everything bv
ism snows thi
rtiy. hat ti
fondly how
I the mdusti
everything by yourselves. This critic-
hat those people ignore.
time means in war. and.
infinitely complicated
rial war organization.
niiirh from the very start is required
by the extensive production of ordn
nance and aviation.
"I have drawn roU'-hly the results
of the trili'ary effort of the I'rited
States for a period of less than 10
months I do not believe 1'iat any
impartial m?n s'l.m'.d say t!i?t this ef
fort is ro.iinleted. but I declare tfMt
any iinn;.riisl man must admit i's
wonderful extension and splen.TTl
schievi "nients."
Money as C'e first aid needed by
ilte allies. Mr. Tard'eu went on. say
ing :
Enormous Needs.
"Put it as not ruffn-ielit. Ind.-ed.
it (' a se-eral org:i".t;s'.on of
'production the Inited States and the)
. . . j
aniva aouiu cac vumjTiru ufi tAt ti i
c-.her in every factory, and sriity
, ou!J have faulted from this
an-
mav
arrnv nut j this respeit I
state and no one cin be belter in-
fcrmed ,han the represen;?Iive of one!
of the aI!le(, rountries that the cen-1
tnuz organization realize,! for The!
;ijps fcv tne ar industries board and!
the mar purrhasing commission is ex-,
c'eJIeRr jn eVery way.
-rhirin the month of December last I
th( h:i.n ciramission cxlied the
iu. v.n nnin. k.iar.1 in
affect'ng very seriously our supply :n
gasoline and oil for the first two
months of 191S. Today the measures
, taken bv the board allow me to state
,,al imminent peril is ahsolarelv
conquered for those two months.
"Last January ITth. when arrivin I tney might as wen try to sen out ana j oe allowed to leave tne city, i nis ap
p Nw York. 1 foand ST ?.sips unable move to a city where such action was plies to all people except physicians in
to sail for France on accoimi of lack j not taken and where all business firms I the Warren District,
of con); rn January ISth. the restric- ere at least treated alike. "Heth certificates will be Issued
tion t.r'ders for coal were issued by The Rev. Compton stated tbst he did ' by Dr. Hunt or his agent at the Cop
ihe f jel administration and when V Rot believe that there were more peo-1 per Queen dispensary after 11 a m.
jeft xew York on the I2nd all our
ships had coal.
"More recentlv I have found mvself
ocngea togetner uo my aii.eu coi-;
league to draw the attention of Mr
---.- - -. . -
mcauoo or .vir, tioover .o .ne uisut-
fir-inn, m rri . al tf f.ra 1 In IKa lmar.
lean ports. I am
"T" i 1 rAr. tBil m hat IVj ts i4
' : -officers and -nidiers.
is doing today. "Officers and
mobilized on January 1. 1?1S. not in-
colonies and the workmen in the tac-
tories. he sail, "amount to 4.723.1WH)
men. of whom nearly 3.0"e.(KM) are in
the hrmy zone.
is ".o ilomettrs. Belgians hold 25.
Engli.-h 165 French 56o. We hold.
therefore, three quarters ot it.
have m front of us- SO German dm-
fiena th? . niPin: t wrn-lh irrf of f'lP
vierman nrsi nut- u auu inure n'ert and vesteniav It was arreed
thin half of the German reserve divi- 0 -,;ft tne QUarantine on , orJer
sions. The Germans do not entrust tn;U the theutres and billiard parlors
to anyone of their divisions a frnt'as'wen as churches couid'be open last
larger thkn six kilometers; ours often
hold nine kilometers each
1 1 J , ; , ... . V. "
SUFFERING IN EAST
FROM FUEL FAMINE
Continued fnm l'ajf One
direct a strenuous campaign to repair
the thousands of locomotives which
recent investigations of t;ie comnits-
sion have shown were allowed to be -
ccme dilapidated thrcuah improper at-
tention under private management ot
tee roaas.
Henry Walters, ctairman of the
board cf the Atlantic Coast line, a
n-ember of Mr. McAdcM's temporary'
staff, asked to be relieved of active
executive duties, but protably will
continue to act nnotfv-ia::y as an ad-
viser to the director general.
Mr. McAdoo is considering creating
a division of capital experdi'ures and
inirrcvenients. and other branches of
tbe administration as they are need-
ed.
To study big phases of the diversion
of traffic over least burdened trunk
lines the director general to lay ap
pointed a traffic investigation com
mittee of three railroad executives.
An attempt was made to rob the
safe in the office of the I'nion Stage
line, Miami.
1
T
The KAY MINE hav.
ing been taken over by
GEORGE W. LONG and
New York associates we
ere authorized to take a
limited number of sub
scriptions for stock at
30 CTS. PER SHARE
Subscriptions will be
received up to
FEBRUARY 15TH
Only 100,000 shares al
lotted to Arizona.
COLLINS &
BRETHERTON
Phone 26 Box 1129
Main Street
Y
I
QUARANTINE
AGAINST CITY
IS ORDERED
('Mitiiii.nl f:HB PK On")
All Agree to Help
The business men oSered
to do
everything possible to prevent the
spread of the disease, asking for a
compromise in regard to the theatres
-n permitting these to run at leat one
show nightlv. aud agreeing that if the
epidemic spread so that mre drastic
'action was necessary that they would
eladlv close ud shoo, crovine that all
atlen-lother business and public houses
whr r.n: mncrprarw ten rlns.1
' It pointed out ty the business
men that their places were under a
' heavy espne and that if a quarantine
affecting theui only was to be declared
each time that a few esses of smallpox
I or some other disease occurred that
P' ,n iJ'bee no piayert DiniarUs and
.pool than tnre were wno went tol
I courcn anu m;ii ne s.ncereij npi
that there were r.ot more people who
ajtend-xi shows than went to church
v. tt,.t h hi nMP nn,,,.), in
- .-hinin size the
CODgregaiKIU apruailUUK 1Q Site lot?
convinced that tlie!nu,nber of PP' that he saw trading
in certain local stores yesterday
stores which were permitted to remain
open for business while the quarantine
was in effect closing other firms, and
that he could not see the justice in let
tine these firms remain open and clos-
ln ,her P'8018 of h"iIn- He said
he felt that if drastic action was need
ed that every business house should
i Iva rlnv, tn nrrirr tn stamn out th..
: " . ". . ; '"
disease and prevent its sprt-ad at the
first possible moment or else that all
should be permitted to remain open.
Mayor Erickson. and in fact every
one present at the conference yester-
vacs ant i iiui'ii, vr kwiwtt tat
. . ouaranUne hi.h
?.tific tirn .! iiir n ut a iit uc i tr
. -
vas in effect Tuduy afternoon and
The decision was received with joy
; by the business men represented and
these crowded around Dr. Brown when
' the nievling broke up asking his advice
as to the most effective mens of fum
igating and preventing the spread of
the diseoee and offering to assist him j
in anir anil rprv nnsKihlt
way in j
stamninr out th ri.lmi-
Dr Brown advise,! all nresent who
had not been vaccinated recently to
'Ket vaccinated at once and to advise'
their friends to do the same as a pre -
caution. He mentioned that he had
"spent all day Wednesday vaccinating
people and had neglected his practice
to do this work.
When apprised of Dr. Hunt's plans
last night representatives of local bus-j
iness timis criticized this action strong,
iy ana asserted mat tney tnougnt neiance test In the air he was rejected
was going too strong. They said they j tecause of his youth. He went to
did not believe that the situation ne-J France last June, and at the conclu-
cessitated such a quarantine and some j sion of nis training was regularly as
ere very bitter.
Deadlock Exists
Win. Delhridge of the city board of
health stated last night that in his
mind .the two most likely places for
the spread of the disease were in the
schools and in the change rooms of the
mines. He advocated the closing of
the schools if a quarantine embargo
was to be put into effect but stated
tnat he did not believe conditions even
approached such a sfrious aspect that
the mines should be closed and did not
believe that the disease would spread
so that this mould be necessary.
The matter now appears to be a dead
lock between Dr. Hunt ard the local
authorities. Whether the city author
ities will chtinge their opinions, which
were decidedly favorable yesterday to
no quarantine in the city or else a com
plete quarantine closing all business
houses, remains to be teen. The con-
iJttmttwmtMltMtu
HEAD STUFFED FROM
CATARRH OR A COLD
j Says Cream Applied in Nostrils
Opens Air Passages I tight L'p.
inestaiit relief no waiting,
clogge-i nostrils open right up:
v,,ur
the air
passages of your head clear and you
can breathe" freely. No more hawking. ,
snuffling, blowing, headache, dryness.
No tnisgUug for breath at night;;
your cold or catarrh disappears. .
Get a small bottle of Elv'a Cream
Balm fam your druggist now. Apply
a little of this fragrant, antiseptic.
healiag cream in your nostrils. It pen-
etrates through everv air passage of
the head, soothes the inr.amed or
swo'.len mucous membrane and reli-f
comes instantly.
It's just fine. Dont stav stuffeil-up
ith a cold or nasty catarrh.
PHONE 818
We will CALL and get your shoes that need repair
ire r.r.c! DELIVER them to you.
Cur delivery service wiU. take in Bisbee. Lowell, Don
I.iur.. Naco and all suburbs between Bisbee and Naco.
Our Motto is SERVICE.
Goodyear
Phone 81 S.
was ih.t the conCition aa it now exists
does not warrant either a complete
quarantine or such a quarantine aa
was in effect in K Is bee yesterday and
Tuesday night.
Hunt Make Statement
Dr. C. H. Hunt, county health super
intendent, made the following state
ment regarding his attitade late last
(night:
I "Owing to the fact that seven of the
eight men who have developed small
; pox are men who have been frequent- .
ing tne pool nans or motion picture
theatres; and further that the city has
decided not to close the aforemention
ed places, the county health board, for
the protection of the public will place
an absolute quarantine on the city of
Bis bee tomorrow (Thursday) morning
and will maintain It until these places
are either closed or. the epidemic is
is placed under control.
"Deputy health officers will be plac
ed at all entrances to the city tomor
row (Thursday) morning at a. at.
They will advise all men going to work
that after Thursday they will be re
quired to have a health certificate stat-
I ir ihn thT kin hoon aalisf&rtnrilT
vaccinated. Otherwise they will not
be permitted to leave the city until the
1 quarantine is removed.
! "All people coming into the city will
; be advised that unless they can p ro
; duce a health certificate they will not
j Thursday.
YANKEE FLIERS
PROVE MERIT IN
FRENCH CORPS
(By Revtrw Leased Wlrr)
FAR1S. Feb. Taking advantage
of the line weather, menmers of the
Lafayette escadrille continued their
brilliant exploits over the French
fron. during the last few days, bring
ing down three German machines and
Hitchcock Jr.. son of the well known
. w.
American turfman, downed two enemy
airmen within a short time of each
other his first victories in the air.
David E. Putnam ot Brookllne.
Mass, brought down his third ma
chine. Details of these combats have not
yet been received. Both Hitchcock
and Putnam have been on the battle
front less than three months and
have not yet been transferred to the
American army.
I XEW YORK. Feb. t. Corporal
Thomas Hitchcock jr. of Ue French
j aviation service is the son of Capt.
Thomas Hitchcock, executive officer
1 of the aviation field at Mineola. X.
V, who is well known in this country
and Europe as a polo player and
horseman.
Corporal Hitchcock, who is Just 17
years old. tried to enlist in the Amer-
ican army, and althougl
fully underwent the l'V
although he success-
'Xvhour endur-
signed to the French aviation corps.
On January last he wrote to his
father a modest account of how he
had downed his first German machine.
For tiis he was aaarded. the CroU
de Guerre with one Palm.
"I am extremely gratified to know
that the boy is making good." said
Captain Hitchcock a hen informed by
the Associated Press tonight of the
youth's exploit. "He did his best to
get into our own army, but his age
! against him. and he then deter-
mined to do what he could under the
Frenrh flag." .
Captain Hitchcock, who is 57 years
old. probably is the oldest officer tn
the American aviation service.
! The lown of Mackav. in Queensland
;Ba9 been overwhelmed bv a cvclone
j m hicn prodUced a tidal wave and flood
I eomHti0"- Heavy loss ot life is feared.
i rouneeu oouies nave airway own ir-
covered. There is a call tor assist
X a nee. Property damage was heavy.
esp-cially to the stocks ot sugar, of
which more than 3.u0.00 worth was
stored in the tomn.
"Sending Smiles" to the soldiers In
the various training camps of the
:
country through the purchase of Srali-
eage Books is to be the occupation of
citizens during the week of January
2S. During this week every commun
ity in the I'nited States will be engag
ed in this campaign which has for its
chief purpose the providing of clean,
wholesome entertainment for our boys
. " the training camps during their ieia-
Uf hours.
A flood reported in the upper Rhine
valley has inundated the city oj Co-
bwne. destroying quantities of provi-
ions.
REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS
Shoe Shop
Allen Block 1 HKrJ
t
i
3
-.1
i
M
1
f
Mining and Financial News
TORN- May.
OATS- Yrj.
COTTON-M:
1
i"h.
1.2".
r. at- :.-.
FURTHER SEARCH
in
BY REVIEW LEASED WIRE.
"2
NEW YORK. Feb. 6. Stean ship VrxU-an Petroleum ..
shares and a feVtspectal issues were New York Central .. .
the oirstandins features of today's Nortl.rrn Tac-ific . .
stock market, the usual leaders in u:e Reading
industrial and railway di unions evinr- Rubber
hip ac irregular trend. Rov-uLIic Steel
Trading was again restricted bv rea- SliiuVtsker
sen of domestic economic conditions
resulting from the more serious tie-
up of transportation and increasing
luei shortage.
Marine preferred made a gross gain
or live points. Atlantic and Gulf 5.
Pacific Mail 3 and others 1 to 3 noints.
icoaceo. sugars and score of un- V. S. M
classified stocks reflected the further- Westinghouse
activity of pools at gains of 1 to 5
points. Lorillard tobacco gaining 13
points and Underwood Tvpewriter 12.
United States steel closed at net'Allouez
loss of almost a point ind allied in-! Alaska
Stel
:efl Pfd. ..
St. Taul .. ..
Stuihetn P;.c!
'incla r ..
Texas Osg - - .
Union Pacific
Adventure
BOSTON.
Arizona Commercial
American Zinc .. ..
Butte
C. & A
C. & H.
dustriais. motors, oils and secondary
equipments forfeited 1 to 2 points.
Western Pacific issues responded to
declaration of the annual dividend.
Sales amounted to 5Lnun shares
Lower quotations ruled in the bondl Copper Range
list, internationals again sagging. Lib- Cfcino
rty 2's sold at 9S.H to 98.06. first I Chile
4 s at 96.50 l 96.28 and second 4 s! E. Iiutte .. ..
at 95.94 to 95.S0. Total sales, parj Granny .. ..
value, aggregated J4.35fl.0O0. United j Green Can. ..
States coupon 4s, old issues gained! GoIdMeld .. .
'4 P?r cent on sale. Hancock . . . ,
I Indiana .. ..
GRAIN MARKET. Inspiration ..
CHICAGO. Feb. 6. Assertions that : Kennecott . .
for the remainder of this season no Keweenaw ..
AiLini
Arirona Rex
Arizona Tom R f;
Uiiil (Jr.- :'.7
Co id P.o:!d Ron t4
Cold Re"U
Go d Cliff
Lucky V.ay 02
Funr.vside
Tclhirii'e f7
Tcm Ked v.t
I'nited Kastem H.ST
Ui: ;":-? Northern 2
l'ni:-. d Western 02
Red Uon
15S !
114, ; OTHER CURBS.
ir,i j Gadsden 1.S7
41i Cre-n Monster
; Butte London n
D.-.ndee 62
1 j Venture Hill
52 Pittsburgh Jerome 37
;ij i JTome Verde t9
12, '
91 "i
Ti.U
7C -4 ,
3;.',
94 S.:
1H''t! .
4:1
s::h
j .
05 1
.40
.l'3:
.03
.13
FOR LETTERS IS
BEFORE TRIBUNAL
4.12 Search
.1:
I
Warrant Aeainst
Packer Attorney's Vaults Is
Held Up By Move in Judge
Landis' Federal Court.
to oiiitjiinigir.g a ship's riveter to do
more rivess 3 day is serving her coun
try. An.1 every time you ihinfc ships
you are thinking of our men tgiiting
for you in France. Would you have
them want for food, far H..ths. for
a. iiiinii.it:.. 11 to answer the Germ.n
fire"
"Would you have thm think that
you had forgotten ihem you in your
' comfort at home? Would you. have
the lives of such men unnecessarily
sacrificed heca'ise you h--l not con
cen'rate)' your efforts on th thine that
meant most to them?
"Towird o:ir shipyanl for the power
they mean during anj -M'trr the war
the German general stuff straine its
.vision. Build, build and continue to
. build ships. Make a bridg" of ships
. to Pershing."
Hardly a Drugstore in the Land
That Does Not Sell This Remedy
On the Market Half a Century.
Vhen you are in perfect health,
and are er.joyin a strong and vigor
ous vitality, it U then that your blood
is free from all impurities.
Yon should be very careful and
five heed to the s'igr.test indication
vt impure blood. A sluiri.h circula
tion is often indicated by an impaired
appetite, a feeling of lassitude and a
general weakening of the system. It
is then that you should promptly take
a few bottles of S. S. S the rreat
blood purifier and strengthened. It
will cleanse the blood thoroughly and
build up and strengthen the whole
system. S. S. S. is sold by all drug
gists. Valuable information about th
blood supply can be bad free by writ
ing to the. Swift Specific Co, 24
Swift Laboratory, Atlanta, Ga.
1.35
.. .62
... .03
North Eutte
N"P
Pond erect .
Oi:in-v .. ..
prospect' existed of a nressure of ! ke
foodstuffs on the market tended to- la Sle
day to harden prices of corn. Prices' i! 18 u,i -
averaged- slightly higher thx;imhoii? i'ck .
and ciosed steadv at a shade i 1 --Nevada ..
aovance. 11h March $1.27 ard
.-iav 11.2:,. Oats, finished to
iv -j, 10 -e down and prov:sions off.
n to ;;tc.
That arinicls on farms showed sc Fav f on
incrfaso 0f more than S.oOOOOj in- n2t ucS
sterd cf an expected decrease or Gannon
neariy 5 00". has forced a bit re- p;-'Pfr'"cr Po -ton
''""f' "stimafej of tie amount St- J'ar's .. ..
of corn likely to be obtainable fro-". l t3h
producers, raided imrroven:ent in ""h rn
the weather operated to oieck anv! winrr:a
material cdvance. " t f-ld Iomir.ion ..
Ozts ccierwent r. settaci owin? Csreola
3P
. 61 'i
. 15
IS
54
ii
.7a. (rfy Review Learnt Wire)
.ncj CHICAGO. Feb. 6. Further search
-5ft , for letters and documents in the vault
.To! of Henry Veeder, general counsel for
.. . I Swift Co.. for ue as evidence in the
.26 j federal trade commission's investiga
.12jtion of the meat packing industry, was
.49 . suspended today while a lepal "tattle
.37! was waged before Judee K. M. Landis
1.70in the I'nited States district court to
5oj determine the constitutionality of the
gj, j search and seizure clause of the es
,17 j pionage act. on which rests the future
50 ' course f the inquiry.
Attorney John J. Healy. represent-
rn . "'s iinuj "run, iviiceu an imineai
.42
...1 '
1- . pionage law by filing a formal motion
1 -ajto quash the writ and compel the gov
I ernment to return the letters and
irjaDers alreadr taken from fh Vixwlor
vault. I'nder authority of the. same
clause in the espionage act. govern
ment agents recently raided the vari
ous heriniiarters of the 1
throughout the country.
Constifutionality.
Constitutionality of the clause was
attacked on the ground that it violates
the fourth and fifth sections of the
r.y Review Leased Wire) 'constitution of the I'nited States; that
PHOENIX. Feb. 6. G. A. Streitz. ! the search warrant was issued witlr-
! Ark- Arizona 07
14iS' Jerome Portland
19 Inspiration-Needles 06
36 Hull Copper 34
450 1 Mapma Chief .23
471 . Wolverine-Arizona .
43-7, . Miami Mother Lode
Igij . Verde Combination
gu : Miami Consolidated
76 , Ariz Eisbee Copper
45 Butte Arizona
35 j Jerome Daisy
S4j I Nacozari Con
80 Verde Apex . . . . k
43 Calumet & Jerome 1.12
33 .
1
1 ate hearing on the validity of the I
t Phoenix People
Are Involved In
Serious Tangle
i A woman bootleaeer. named Cam
jeron. has been eathered Into l!ie Gra
jham county jail at Safford.
ANGIUS
PURE
FOOD
GROCER
PHONE 29 I
j
if
You've Been Earning
For Years?
Has it cost you every dollar of it to live?
These are pertinent questions, bxit the man who
answers them honestly to himself will feel the time
hr.s come to start a Savings Account with this bank,
save for the future and get 4 per cent Interest.
Think it Over!
CITIZENS BANK & TRUST COMPANY
Main Street Bisbee, Arizona
5's vice president of the N;iional Bank of 1 out saIic!ent showing of probable
larcelr to supeestions of the rossibil-.
y c- a maximum price beins estab-
2
53 hz
S2
lftsj
43
o9
CURES.
i
J,,nea- Arkrc--cs t- Anyone
FoTcrts rf larer r9eeints of I:o At:s:in
rnt provisions sharply down grade.
Stockyard houses were seilers.
Atizona Si-ver King
B f Ledge
Futte A- Loi.don ..- .
Calumet and Jerome
METAL MARKET.
r- 1 ORK. Feb. S t-eart CDiirfr rnrnpi-:.i
6.95 to 7.10: spelter dull, spot East Con. Arizona
SL lou:s delivery to 7.S5 lla
silver. SCV
COTTON MARKET.
NEW YORK. Feb. 6. Cotton closed
steady, but showed a net loss or from
2S to 44 poin:s.
NEW YORK.
Cxs;r.5 QuifUions. February 6. 1S18.
'Hy I- J. OrcrVck.t
AnarrniZa
An-cri- m rrn
Amerii-an C?r
An er:can l-ccorrotive
American ?-.e;-er
An.cti(jn C-n: ar .
Hi id win
He: n B "
C. ii O
r . i i
Caiinilan Pyri'ir .
Cfa ral Leather .
Cncible
I.ri'lers
Er
Cot drich
C?nr3l Motrrs ..
Industrial Alorhol
Lackawanna .. ..
Vaxwell
Marine
Mr.r.ce P:"d
Mldvale
Con. Conper
urt:?s
T-enn
Dmdce
T:n ma
Federal Oil
Cf"sj!-B
C-cen Mens. .. ..
fiten Il:-cd
IT'J'l ..
V.crr e Foi'nd .. ..
?:e.la
Insr.irat'on N??dles
.'etnie -r1e . . . .
Jcrcr.ie Victor . . . .
r?iTTa Copper .. .
" -C ' n-.ji Con
y-:r.a'e
l'f! vi;rch Jerome
R-y Merc
nt? J!ita
Trrn i 1 f tl
Tjolun.ne
' & 'p.i Kusiem . .
V rd' Fxten5on ..
rrcte Combination
' "es: rnd ..
V'olverine Arizona
123 4 ; v. nre Ccps ..
77 Wricht Martin
31
26 y
97T.S
45'-.
Arizona and Richard Partham. wea,- j mitte4 6nd that tne papers ,nd docu.
thy bus-.ness man or this city, were I ments sought in the. warrant were not
taken into cjstody tonight by Special particalarly described as the' law re
Agents Proctor and Oiiver ot the sec- j quires.
ret service, on the charge of aiding ! The warrant was further attacked
, the escape of an interned enemy alien. the ground that the search may re--Both
these men are American citizens 1 suit in the seizure of private, confi-
and have never expressed sympathy ' dential and privileged communications
w ith the enemy. j between client and counsel which may
5 ' j A month ago a young man named j compel the defendant to be a witness
H , Triiterman. a fugitive from an Intern- against himself in a subsequent cri
l ; lueat camp in Halifax, arrived in the uiinal proceeding, in violation of the
l1 citf and found employment at various j constitution of the I'nited States, and
13 ; places. He applied to many persons '. that there is not pending in any court
for aid before he secured work and any charge of a crime against the de-
both Streitz and Partham had aided j fendant. i f
him by small sums of nionev. He was ! District Attorney Charles F. Cline
SUIT PRESSING
CLUB
We wH! cloan ONE suit and
press TWO suits for
$2.00 PER MONTH
Phone SIS or 336
ard we will CALL FO;t and
DELIVER.
ELECTRIC DYE
WORKS
BREWERY GULCH.
IK
16
1.V1S
30
19
traced to this point but on the arrival
of the officers he had disappeared.
learning of the assistance that had
will present the government's side of
the case tomorrow.
Francis J. Heney. counsel for the
63 ;
5Sig :
r o - -
- -
105 '
C3-
76 j
52 :
42'i
' 15
;9
18 been given Tritternian by Streitz and j federal trade commission in comment-
i Parihamv warrants for their arrest lag on the legal points raised by Mr.
23, ' were sworn out. Veeder's attorney, said:
jt Sireif? and Partham have not yet "If this search warrant is not valid
t. been nriraitted to baiL The onlv slate- then every L W. W. raid made by the
mer.ts Ciey have made and all they ! government was illegal. The warrants
sy th?y cm make, is that they had in each case were practically identical
tut il-?? slightest notion that Tritter- f.d issued under the same section of
;:i.-a -s a fugitive from an intern-j the federal espionage act. The attor
v.ent cimn. Streit- had not heard him l neys for the government contend that
s y u-taine to lead him to believe i the search warrant is valid: that the
j! Piano and Player-Piano
!! Tuning. Regulating and Repairing,'
' i
i-
WORK GUARANTEED
HERBERT GRI33LE
Phone 691
1 ,
3"Vi
3'i
1 16
11-1C
3S "
ha -aas a fugitive.
OATMAN
(Py Collins &. Bretherton)
Arro 02
, r X iil Food for
pJtyi Bitklrnr.mmmiii
3Ti 1; STr K
J WIOUAMN-S PUIII. CVAPORATCO R
e i GOAT MILK II
1H T . iiiilirdaBW.
' T -oiko Dirjeeirrs
I
! search and seizures made under it
i were legal in every way and the sec-
tion of the espionage act attacked is
i constitutional."
THE REVIEW
Job Department
will furnish you an estimate
on that job oa short notice
WW
CcpitrJ. Resources, and the Abilitv.
Character and Standing of the men who
conduct its affairs are what go to make
a strong banking institution.
Possessing all these qualities this
Bar.k invites your banking business.
BANK WITH US.
.04 i
WIDEMANM GOAT-MILK Ctt4
Phyican' Big. t on rtm(CA
8 ""1
Snip Bridge to
France Is Urged
By Chief Censor
(By Review Leased W'lrtl
WASHINGTON. Feb. 6. "Make a
bridge of ships" to France, was the
message from General Pershing and
every man of his command, delivered
to the American people tonight by
Major Frederick Palmer, chief censor
on General Pershing's stafT. In an ad
dress at the National Press club.
"Build ships and let every woman
and child in the land think ships."
i said he. "We ought to be wearing lit
! tie me!(rf ships in our buttonholes.
; Children ought to play with toy ships.
The woman who turns from knitting
JOHN G. WILSON
Contractor & EulL.r
Estimates furnished on ail classes
of Buildiras.
SEE ME LAST
Phone Green 782.
WaTKINS & BERGQUIST
Jewelers and Optician
The HALLMARK Store
3
Bisbee Dye and Cleaning
PHONE 236 WOl'kS PHONE 296
Opposite Gisbee Auto Company, Upper Main St.
BIGGES
BUSIEST
BEST
1 1
EYE NERVE GLASSES
i
I fit glasses without
drugs, drops or dang
er, end guarantee sat-;
isfaction.
Phones: Office 156. '
Residence Black 420.
DR. R. GLAZE. Ophthalmologist.
Upstairs, Over Woolworth'a Store.
k'or Heating
r -
Y ELIAELE j
m mi mm
Thotisands Have DJscovcrx'.l T:
V-'
s
The portable ga healer vn!l take the chill off quickly and make the
dining rocm comfortable at meal time, and it will be found conveni
ent, too, for heating the bed rocm &nd bath room. Any home with
out a central heating plant has usa for a gas heater. We carry sev
eral different types prices $1.75 to $9.00... See them as well as
ether gas zpplianccs at our store.
Bisbee Improvement Co.
Dr. E-vard? CUvs T:!tD the rchr!'
te far calosicl rr; a o2d tr.i Cw.
nitive, and thr cITc:t ca Lia Lvrr ;"
most ir.stcntsacaus. Il'.rj sro tic r;'
: Dr. E-Trcrd3dctTinc-Joa ret to trc-'
-er and bovl con:-!-i:3 vith ccJorn.
tis efforts to banish it troctt cut tix
nt'.e olivec!orc'J Uilcts.
These plcist lisle t!3 do lh2 cx!
that calcnsl dccA but hive no bed titer
eiecta. They dent fcjuri the tccta UL;
rtrorx liquiila cr cdotnd. They tihs fcoU
I of the trcublj cn J cuiclirccrrcct V"hv
cure the liver zt ths crj jaso of the teeth?
Calomel soir.s'jraca pl;ys bvr v.ith ths
gums. SotlostrocjLuids. Iti3b;anct
to take calcnid, bat to let Ik. V-lvrcrdS
Olive Tahlets uka i3 rtci
Most headaches, "dullness and that
lary feeling cor ic Irora corstpstica cr.-l
a disordered liver. Ydco Dr. Eivcrds'
Olive Tablets when you fed "loccy
"beavy." Note hew Cray "dear" clouded
brain and how they Veik up" the spirits.
10c and 25c-a box. Ail druggists,
BISBEE TRANSFER,
STORAGE & COAL CO.
Warehouse & OCice Opposite Depot
PHONES 640 and 50.
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
AND HIGH CLASS CAFE
Hie best of everythmz at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 60c luncheon daily. Also $1.00 dinner from
5 : 30 to 7 : 30 p. m. Regular Board by the month, $40;
$10 by the welL.
Heary Poppen. Manager.
QUEEN IAUNDRY,
Respectfully Solicits Your
Patronage
PHONE 53
L. J. OVERLOOK, BROKER
Correspondents: Paine, Weber A Co Boston, Duluth, Calumet.
LOGAN A BRYAN. NEW YORK AND CHICAGO.
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK.
v
VVWrWrViWSVyVTAVV
OF TviE r
1 0HCHESTR PiLlS
, -7 " TtK 11AI S(Ml a
i
A u
rri
St. ''KAMI PILIAtoU
jwftkw.if La . AImii kr.i.4t
HENESSEY
UNDERTAKING PARLORS
Robert Henessey, Prop.
Opposite Depot Ambulance
f
usr inop is ew
and Sanitary
We will appreciate your patronage
and assure you of courteous treat
ment. SUNSET BARBER SHOP
(Woolworth Bldg., Main Street)
GOOD LUMBER IS AT THE
BOTTOM
of onr success. Low prices may
help some, but it's the fine qual
ity ot oar lamber that brings
our customers back time and
axata. It pays us to sell (rood
dumber. It U1 pay you better
to buy it. It lasts lonjfcr and
is more satisfactory to work up.
Try us -with an order and youll
come back when you want more.
Bisbcv Lumber Company. inc
EMIL MARKS. MGR.
LOWELL CAR 8T0P.
PHONE K.
Bisbee Decorating Co.
General Painting. Paper Hanging. Tinting and
Signs. Perfect Results. Moderate Prices.
HUGHES BLOCK, OPPOSITE Y. W. C A.
P. O. Box 1531 Phone 739 Zlt ITn&btc DatUt iRrutrui
Published Every Day Except Monday By the
State Consolidated Publishing Company.
CULLEX A. CAIX
-Editor and Manager
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
The Associated Press is exclusively entitled to the
use tor republication of all news dispatches credited to
It or not otherwise credited to this paper and also the
local news published herein.
All rigbts rf republication of special dispatches herein
are also reserved.
Entered as Second Class Mail Matter at Bisbee, Arizona,
Under Act or March 8. 187.
Subscription Rates, Payable In Advance:
PER MONTH : 1 -75
THREE MONTHS i-tt
SIX MONTHS 4.00
TWELVE MONTHS 7.53
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per year . 2.50
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per quarter .75
No Subscription Taken For Less Than 75 Cents.
Thursday Morning, February 7, 1918.
The Right Spirit
It is with considerable pleasure that the people of
Arizona will read the latest utterances of Thomas E.
Campbell, de facto governor in 1917. and considered, at
the present time, the most likely candidate of the re
publican party for the governorship in the coming cam
paign. Tom Campbell, in a statement to the Journal
Miner of Prescott, eschews politics in favor of good gor
e rumen t.
"N'o, I am not an avowed candidate for the office
of governor at the next election." said ex-Governor
Campbell, who has been here the past two days
in the interest of the national and state councils
of defense. "Of course if Governor Hunt is again
a candidate, which I deem unlikely, my hat will be
in the ring. There are several good representa
tive democrats whom I would be indeed glad to
support for the position and in the event one of
them is nominated I will take off my coat and work
for his election. However, if the democratic nomi
nation is dictated by Mr. Hunt, which would mean
a continuation of the Hunt regime and Hunt poli
cies, I will be a candidate for the nomination on
the republican ticket. The people showed by their
votes at the last elect-on that they were tired of
Huntism and an it stands for in the conduct of
the affairs of the commonwealth. It was not a
proposition of tny being elected by 36 votes but
Hunt being defeated in reality by 12,036 votes,
normal democratic majority in this state being
12,000."
Campbell's enemies and consequently. Hunt's friends,
will declare that Campbell's statement is born of a
knowledge of hfs own and his party's limitations. Per
haps that is so. But for a man to realize his 'own or
h's associates' limitations is a sien of open-mindedness
and good citizenship. In any event, and regardless of
Mr. Campbell's reason for his statement, it indicates,
on his part, a zealous regard for the" future of the state
of Arizona.
One of the most pertinent facts, mentioned fay the
former governor, was: ""Sot a proposition of my being
elected by thirty-six votes, but Hunt being defeated in
reality by 12,036 votes the normal democratic majority
in the state being 12,000."
Arizona has been the seat of political turmoil for
several years. Destructive forces, masquerading under
the alias of "progress," have been at work until the busi
ness fabric of the state is resting on an infirm political
foundation. To restore confidence, not at the expense
of the little taxpayer, not at the expense of the big tax
payer, and to assure one and all a right to enjoy their
business and political liberties unhampered, should be
the object of every gooj citizen in looking forward to
the state elections of November. Partisanship has never
before been such a deterent factor in the life of a nation
as it is today.
Arizona, two years ago. threw off the shackles of
partisanship to a great extent. Governor Campbell's
observation that the state is normally 12.000 democratic,
and the Yavapai county man received this number and
thirty-six more votes in the election, proves the desire
of the general public for a real state government. That
a repitition of the overturn of two years ago Is possible
can hardly be denied. Should the war continue it is
more than possible; it is distinctly probable.
Non-partisanship in all politics is becoming popular.
Efficient state government is no less to be desired than
strong and capable national government. Mr. Campbell's
declaration that he will nip port a good democrat for the
governorship is indicative of the rapid turn of affairs in
Arizona. The people are fast realizing the futility of
Huntism and all good citizens must surely join in the
movement this fall to give Arizona good government
democratic or republican in politics but good government.
On Resignations
UNITED STATES GRAND
JURY FINDS NUMBER
OF IN1DCTENTS
The latest turn in the wheel of political fortune in
the state of Arizona finds Lamar Cobb, state engineer,
and the Honorable Homer Wood, on the outside, looking
into the "pie" counter of his excellency. Governor !
George W. P.' Hunt The chief executive accepted the . Will Cooper Enters a Flea of
state engineer's resignation and also that of -the chair
man of the commission of state institutions, following
the letter of Mr. Cobb to the governor in which words
were not minced and the gauntlet was thrown down to
whomsoever cared to take it up.
To resign from a good state job is no little job in
Itself. For Mr. Homer Wood of Yavapai county to resign,
however, seems entirely ircompatible with the personal
ity of the gentleman. He has been so consistent in the
game of office holding (not always lucrative ones) since
iTBTQ FAIR LEADERS OX KITCIIEX UATTI.EGROUXD ' '
STRIVE FOR VICTORY OVER COOKIXG RAXGES
Not Guilty to Robbing the
Mails in This Chy. Further
Information on Kohlberg
Case. i
i
the state went into the hands of Hunt that it will seem
rather incongruous to Phoenicians and others that the j
"black eagle" is not at some important desk, dispensing
justice, liberty and the prrsuit of happiness for Governor
Hunt
On the part of Lamar Cobb,-however, the resignation
must appear to all to have been expedient and easy for
uie stair engineer to agrcv apou. n is rcsigiiauou mas j
offered the governor In tnid-January and aeain when he ! V"s mi.reJ ,rom pou,Mel for
jthe defense. !
addressed his letter to the Thief. There is nothing sur- willtem Anderson was inlicted on a!
prising in the action and It is extremelv probable that j ' h?rg of robbing a postoffice in Klon-j
! dyke. Gila county. !
Mr. Cobb will find himself with more friends than ever! "ahito Mei was charged with violat-'
The first partial report of the grand !
jury was made Tuesday, ooverine six
true bills. Harry L. Kohlberg of War-i
ren. who was charged with declaring'
"that man Wilson oucht to he shot and
I wish I were the man selected to do ,
the job " ;
For this he was indicted on a charge '
of threatening the life of the presi
dent, arraigned before Judse Sawtelle,
yesterday, and held in $5,000 on bis;
plea of not guilty. He was released on j
bond signed by Charles E. Walker, i
vice president, and John C. Etchells.)
cashier rf the Consolidated National:
bank. He was given until Saturday;
to demur to the indictment. O. "T.
before through his action.
i ing the immigration laws.
Roccario Ayala was charged with
One more resignation from the commission would j taking 50 pounds of sucar into Sonora :
perfect, or go a long way towarts perfecting, the circle. K'put ,icense- , . 1
6 I Will Cooper, negro janitor of the
Let Mr. Struckmeyer resign. It is extremely probable nisbee postoffice. was charsed with j
that Wood has been made the goat during the entire the tteft of Liberty bonds from the
! registered mail. He pleaded not '
controversy and that the gentleman from Phoenix has I puiity. i
really been the brains of the attempt to corral an of j Evert R- Roeben and Frank Crollei !
. , , . trainmen of the Southern Pacific,
the state s money into one channeL y were chai.?e1 witn robbing a freight ;
The governor, in accepting Mr. Wood's resignation, car of several thousand dollars wort-h j
does himself proud in the subtle use of camouflage. To 'of tires. ."
! Most of these cases were disposed ..
think the general public can always be fooled is some- 0f. N.-ijara. on his plea of guilty, was I
thing that politicians, and governors, should investigate ! sentenced to serve .t days and pay a i
. c fjae 0f $0o. Ayala pleaded not guilt j
more closely. Really it wouldn't hurt Wood any more 'and the case set for trial February 12. '
to make a plain statement of the reasons for his with- 00w .wi" 5 trief Ff!TU
j 13. Roeben and Creller pleaded not
drawal from the commission. We could only suggest tliat !miltv and will be tried February 12.,
Governor Hunt adopt the English system-shelve som j ff was deferred
: .11 t i. imam niiuci " " v .....
No date was set for tnal.
1 . -Ci; rs - r- A .4.. m
Federal Food Expert Miss Martha Jones of Cincinnati making sugarless, candy (left) and Miss Htlea G. Uoerla.
first woman instructor in naval reserve cooking at hook.
All of the war isn't being fought out on the batt!efit!.is. these two women reaffirm. Cookinjr is a blj
essential. Miss Martha Jones of Cincinnati, federal food expert, is shown making sugarless candies, her
recipes for which are being distributed by the government. Miss Helen C Hoerle and her friend, Muj Geral
dine Devoy, are the first two women to enroll Lt the naval reserve as cooking instructors.
State and County News Briefs
County Briefs
of his incompentents and raise them to the peerage.
But we forget; we live in state of intenst "progres-sivlsm."
But read the governor's acceptance of Mr. Wood's
resignation:
"With the utmost regret. I herein accept your
resignation as chairman and member of the com
mission of public institutions
"It is, of course, thoroughly understood between
us, that this acceptance of 'your resignation is
conveyed for the reason that yon are unable to
devote your whole time to the duties of the office,
and have, therefore, urgently requested me to re-
leive you from" your official duties I desire
to officially thank you. etc., etc.
Great, isn't it? Wasn't it Tallyrand who said that
"words were vehicle's used to conceal thought.
The governor's letter to Cobb was more direct
self-explanatory. Little camouflage was resorted to
the general effect seems better.
guilty.
was convinced that the new road when serving terms 4or violating the liquor
completed would be most liheraiiy law and other offenses to which they
used since they are driving down from have been sentenced to hard labor,
toe uona store now and the road is and the prisoners under guard will
made along the nothing but a trail to where his crew undertake the work that has been
several hundred
T . i .
V; 1 , il. M H,- !Mn. K '"""IS
win pica 5U'J , ' " flrt line of drilling at the new well on tae is working and there are no signs as costing the county
10 guiroz. as seme ncea i to serve g v lwo nUlea east of Drag(xm The to direcl 8tranKers where to cross dollar a month,
days and pay a fine of rr vl01;, machinery is being put into place rap- from the Hucna store towards the,
nun ui v--. idly as possible. briJjie. siens will be provided by the
ea as to iii rneiia. samuci lait-ii-.
HreAt interest i heinr txken ht ttiA
Tombstone Commercial club to begin nw,ni. . ,:ik in ik.
Walter V. Benson, city marshal of with and later the route will 1h siRnetl I ; lH5.hip campai)ni. which is now under
tuela. charged uh transport. ng, rvu ta is 8peI!(Un, ,he week at FJ hv the standard siis of
liquor, pleaded guilty. Hi sentence. paso and mher TesM J()wns on busi ro4.hise
will be imposed later. btar. , , rrtllr ,h
the county of
way and which will continue until Feb.
Red Cross Work
Continues for
Big Local Fund
ness. He is expected to return the lat
' ter part of the week.
Work was started yesterday on tae
: improvements to be made on Twelfth
, street in Douglas. Curbing and fcut
, tering are to be constructed as soon
' as the excavation work is finished.
; Sth. Scout Executive Arthur C. Jones
; states that the desired membership of
Brief State Notes "m probab,y wlwd br
Clark C. Ford, immigration inspec-
' tor in the Douglas office, left las: Sun-
' Har frr Pirt Worth Texa uhprp he
Kcd tross memoers active in m visit sister about ten davs. He
three-day drive to secure money and tnen win return to Douglas and await
pledges of montniy contnnu.ions the next draft call. Mr. Ford recenity
the local chapter's Red Cross fund are r.fused lo request deferred classiiica-
and not sitting back and retin? on their tlon in finius out bis questionnaire and
lH oars although the stipufcted time linn: is readv to enter the armv as swin as
I of the unve is at an end. ine work-: ncie yam sayS the word.
icrs each had certain districts to cover,
and where t.'iese have not oeen can , service Rag. bearins
Rev Wm R Winans. for the past Billboard, gamhling and the com
lifieen months pastor of the Method.st ' election were the principal
church at Ajo. has resigned to accept topics discussed at the regular meet
; position at the plant of the new Cor- in t 'be Glolx city council tour
nelia- Copper companv. niKhts tgo. It developed at the meet-,
lng that the city is powerless to take
The boa'rd of supervisors of Vava- y action against gambling that
.k f ,r wouid he anecttve: accordingly, ine
will visit a sister about ten days. He ' r ... . i ... .;... citv attornev was Instructed to confer
court house to M. Goldwaler Jc Bros.. "Ih " county attorney and superior
of I'rescott. their bid being Sli.o.. , JuriK? to see what powers the city held
: in regulating the games.
Hon. A. E. JacolMn. of Saffonl. who "
recently sold the Hotel tlive and went . Over fi:iMit worth of honey was
wi;n his familv to ijs Angeles, has re- produced in the Salt Kiver valley last
Succeeding Wood on the commission, as chairman and " " . ' ,r ""-r , l ""Z"?-"?? . I, ' : '
I - " ...... . . .- . - oiaia, uaa u itiTi.i i w, 4. .a . 1 ' .
member, is Leroy A. Ladd. He
governor before he "bows his neck."
turul to Safl'ord and asam purchased season, according to tne report of the
the hoiel and his resumed its manage- Arizona Honey exchange which hand-
ill, at least, consult the continue today and tomorrow if ner- secretary of the chamler of commerce ent- , ,es half the honey produced in
essary to complete their work. , of Douglas, and hereafter will decorate lne aue. m irai.u w i
ii announced last nicht that t th. -i.,.i of tht n-i. A man has .been arrested in tat- industry to the valley and tbe past
Cobb Is B. M. Atwood. Uttle is known of him in the ! the returns were not In and that it lion. The ,wo ttars represent two man charged wita being the riispens-, that the crop will play In furnishing a
u m y, 1,1. v jwas impossible at that time to say brothers of Mr. Bovie. btt'h first lieut- ing agent for real UKHlegers. He substitute for N-ir U harder realized
state. He will probably stand hitched and not rock wnether ,he -rive h!ld come up to ot enanls in lne fieW ertiiierv-Ueut. kept the stock and the bcotieers did by the Hople of Phoenix. The secre-
the boat v iesceeded "lopes of securing a monthly Joseph F. Boy.e of the .T'.Sth and M. H. the selling, giving the purchaser an or- tary s report, which was read at the
contribution of 2.000. or if it had Boyie of the 3:-.!!h Field Artilclry. both Mr mr siw.'iam auw ui vuuui ...rru ... .... c.....
at inutr ciiunnj. .i.i. . ..... ...v-
rweipis of the exchange for the past
I fallen below that figure. The execu- stationed at Camp Dodge. Iowa.
One very regrettable feature of Lamar Cobb's resig- jtives. however, asked that t!ose who.
the dispensing agent.
! had not turned in cards leTt with' B. A. Taylor, proprietor of the Tay- The road bond eletiicu recently held season were $;.6i3.
"t from the office of state engineer is the co-incident j ghould do so at once, sendiit lor chain" of general merchandise in Santa Craz cunty. i.ivolved the
resienation of J. C. Rvan from the office of division !or takine these to J. P. Counolly a: stores at GWscn. IVarce. Courtlar.d sum of ?lT.'i'. resulting in ihe bonds
it, Rank nf Rihe . 'ani Johnson, autoe.l to the countv ling authorized by a
3 laic cugiucri. .ii . . nju uaa ucsci iiug.j wv.i . " 1 u..u
The annual charge of seliing an in
terstate railroad pass, a violation ol
su.all luartiin.
I One encouraging report announced seat Tuesday on business, and. inci- The vote on the proposition was l.sfct. ne flHlerai jaWt w,s paced against H.
self the reputation of being the most efficient division .last night was that the main street dentuly. to receive a check for Jl..- considering its importance. r I.egross. 2S years of age. a farmer
, ... . . ... v. , . .of Loell had proved a fertile field atHMK) from Agent
roaa enirineer m ine suite 01 Arizona, rus ur ui , .
missed in Cochise county where he has built
roads the entire state can boast.
a fertile fieia auv.oo trom Agent . a. ioi t tor fnmi El Paso. ho was taken into cus-
fnr the Red Cross workers and that bis recent hre loss at Jonnson. Al- Arizona is eu 10 ine irum as v on sUndav bv Snetial Agent M?-
the best the business men of that section had thouh the check does not represent st.n k growing state. There are ap- i.,try 0f the Southern Pacific at Tuc-
. 'responded lovallv. .If the results show Mr. Taylors loss by thousands of doi- proximately i.ow.n'u sneep auu i.e-".-
it'-at the business men of Bisbee have Iars. it covers every dollar for nich oou head of cattle in Arizoi.a. ui im
doiie as well -it is likelv that the drive he was insured, and both Mr. Taylcr sheep about 6m.ooo ate onni by In-
. . . . . 1 1. ; . . K 1 . - 1 . 1 .1 n,.,..ln.,I1. K- ihd V j v j j 1 u-hn
i will prove to be a ltg success tor aim ah ru.n uifu.; i" .....i....- 7 J,
una nusiiiess-iiKe o.. a i..ini..Mui 111.3 ... ....... ... .
The annual r.iceiing of the F. and
The American forces on the Lorraine front are get- .k.i h. iw nw-ive fmm ith the prompt
tine .heir hantism of fire. That thev .re tivins excellent . those canvassing the Residence dis- manner in which the U-s as handled northeastern lotion of the state.
tricts have been promising,
accounts of themselves is certain. That the Hun will re- j Typists Wanted.
gret his ruthlessness is certain. J-'P- Connolly has issued an S. O.
; S. call for stenographers who are
i willing to donate a few hours to aid-
An attempt has been made to assassinate Lenine In j $J
Petrograd. When a few more anarchists get into con- ' his private stenographer has been
hv the insuring companies. It is be
lieved that this is the largest fre loss
ever paid by a Tomiis'one agency.
The anniversary of the "Promulga
tion of the ronsiiuitioa of Mexico" v;is
so ioud'.y celebrated at Acua Irieia
e;irlr yesterday morning that sev-r;;!
son. lieorge 11. Jlonman. a larmer
youth from Nova Scotia, mho is said
to have paid two dollars for the tran
sportation, is held by the police as a
witness. It was stated at police head
quarters where both men are detained
hal the pass was presented to the
i conductor ot a train and that he be-
A. M. Grand LoUe ot Ari.ona will be came suspicious and reported the in
held in Phoenix February 12. 13. II- cW,.nt to the special agent. Mclntry
Ihelnu.r lovallv it ill he imiMvibe "ougias people liuasnieu d tain
trol in Russia and even their leaders will have to travel jP; l31"1; Uig made on the U., r. or ihnt
and live in armored cars. 'that are really for typing completed Villa was apprtaohu.g jev. ral h.vy
I. I... ui u. :iu..(..l .,. .. ...... H
numlier of volleys of small arms lire
and l.. At least .".' delegates are ex-
pected to attend the meet. Tians for
the gathering are no being made by
the I'r.oenix ordor and 'he program
will include many siniul features.
makes the further charge against Le
rross of stealing the brush and comb
f.xiiHl in his possession from the railroad.
Such a little thing is
the local chapter of the Red Cross
make great movements in the aggregate,
done your part?
I unless local stenocraphers will stop
. in at the Bank of Bisbee and take a
regular monthlv donation to i few of the reports wi
tvpe ii.ese. a tew nours
Vern.in C. Cook, a rri,iei:t of Phoe
nix for nearly a quarter f a century.
di-d Tuesday nichi at 1- o clock, alter
ih them and a"uPJ sleepers in the vicinity of the sn illness of lirtie more than 24 hours.
' work on the international boundary with a start. Mr. Cook was a well-known real'y
k-T in ' Manv inquiries were made about the operator and was at tine time president
hm cnrh little thines I . . . . . ... ' .Many Tnnuii
" - - iiun '' H n. m wr ill t'.iiii i .1.1 - - ... ...
ii--- ------- - , J .Xv... citv vesterdav. until it was reauzea
Have you (Complete the work and wnhout prov
ing a hardship on anyone.
The American troops occupy a sector of the French
front, northwest of Tout. The German frontier is not
so far from Toul that the Yanks will fail to negotiate it.
that a holiday was being observed n
the liorder .Mexican ton.
T the Hume Bunders. He is survived
iv a wife and tiauchier.
Agitator prom
Arizona Killed
In Altar Region
Negro Charged
John S. Williams, our l..st district
attorney, under the Territory t.f Ari-
ijri j j y-j F zona, and now ot I asa uran.ie. was iu
Willi ZriOCJ"iV "Tombstone Monday i ntoule to the
coming cotton liehl. El lcrado. "Jack"
states that long staple Kgyp'.ian col
At last, the famous old Mowry mine,
I in Santa Cruz count v. has started 1- C.titierrtz de Lara, author and
operating. Several men have been put orator, who was in Bisbee the latter
to work and others will be added to ; part of June of last year makins
the force as fast i.s pla. es can be made speeches at the park and inciting the
for the-u. ,Mr. W. J. Mitchell, super- ' Mexican workers to strike and who
ii.temlent of the mine, reports that was active in the strikes at Clifton
Bolo Pasha is having his day in court. - After several
years the French people are gaing after men in high
places who sell their birthright for a mess of pottage.
Would that America co'iH profit by European experience!
Speaking of quarantines, last evening a Bisbee man
declared he wished the ukase could be applied in his
household. Explaining he said his wife was being visited
by hf r mother and two sisters.
Again there is more .r less of an utter silence from
Berlin and F.rest-Litovs'i. Again the marhine-driven
military repim? of Germany has proved Its worth. Again
tl.e sprint a-rroarhes blo then then What?'
John Gray, negro resident of Bisbee ton will soon be the main crop of the (here are several hundred tons of lead and Morertci. has ben killed in Mexi-
The New Mexico Central railroad has been sold for
$500,000 to the federal corporation. Thus endeth
political and industrial dream of Matliew Quay.
i for a number of years, was trapped Casa Grande country and I hat eitner.ore ready for shipment. .iaiiKi.nes
! last evening by local city ofiicers the country will have a government or
a (while attempting to make a bargain private irrigation project iror.i the
j with one of the number to permit two : river or until that time wa-er will be
; negro women to carry on their iminor- pumped, but at any rale coaon wiii
- 'ui vocation. Gray was placed tn jail. . continually spread over the v.tucy as
!Th- officers found a revolver on Gray's the main crop uniil over lwo hundred
The world is now holding up Kaiser Wilhelm. of the person. thousand acres are in tae leni; staple.
. .. . gt , . . ,. . . , :i ; ,h i For some weeks ia.-t t'.rav has been tie states that the !'si bale ol cottcii
firm of "Me und Gott, as Its greatest failure since the UKU.uinf, 0(ir j ,1:mU jet raised i the world was r:.is..S by
earth and waters were divided. ,with the proposal to accept moneys to youue Tilton. formerly of Si. David.
protect two negro women. The officer up in the t'asa Grande country.
is the unttergorunu rroouci inai wui
be gotten out of the old workings
when tctive mining begins.
tot:.! number of schools in
We miiiht have bett
marine if the craft, stat
I. C. E. Adams is i
didn't say which ticket.
, finally tired of it. Yesterday (.ray
er lurk in building up our merchant j made .-n appointment with linrdwick Sunday mm -hint's were roi-.-.tm; ;:n i
... . , , . ,, In addition to Hard wick Officer Hill Roing on the vario, s roads l..i.!i;i4 in
tesmanship: were first l-Hiked after. Kuf( BI1,ner wer,. , ,he Il (u, f T,mli(!.;(ltlt.. Korccn
The
Aparh
pared wih a total of 1? for previous
year The total eiirollmt nt was lt'L'l
as compared with l:',:. A decrease
tor lat'er year: naily averase atter.d
aiice was Tl" as compared wuh Tel.
an increase ot 1 1.
co, according to information received
by Governor Hunt in PhiHnix.
It had been reported that de Lara
had hi en lined up against a wall in
Sonora .Mexico, and executed for mak
ing remarks disloyal to the Carranza
count v for WI' was "a, as com- covernment. This report caused re!
lives to ask Governor Hunt to wire
Governor P Klias Calles in an effort
to verily Hie rumor.
The answer re-eived by Governor
Hunt said that de 1-ara was killed
wh:le cntss:ns the Altar district.
IV Lara had been an active worker
ill be u-ed in in stirring up trouble and industrial
i cii'inty. was strife an.l while in iail in California
That prison !.ilr v
roa.l work in M.iricop
candidate for supervisor. He
neihUii hood. Huff and his rounwn-
km were secreted near the rendezvous.
Schaciter at Cliai '.esion suited i :at
seven machines passed over the
When Gray appeared he edged to- Charleston bridge Iiefore eleven in the
A stitch In time saves nine so get vaccinated.
wanl the sxt where the of fliers were
in hiding and spread out his offer and
plan It was :hn the arrest was made
morning and lh;it t:ns wecK uve ma
chines daily had passed where his
crew is wcrkiiu ur.d he said 'l"..:! he
Ihe statt'iuen' made bv County Kn- wrote Oe "Mexican IVople." He had
g-.p-er Harold Barcm in. who j.n- ht-en exiied from .Mexico for tie same
nouncel yesterday that Ix-ginmng this work which !d landed him in Iail
nioriiinu a crew would be detailed on Bnd insde tnm'i'e for him in this
repuii work ud bri.Ue construction country and was warned not tb re
The court' ; jail doors will opcu to men i:;r:i -here. SHIP OF STATE ROCKED BY POLITICAL
UPHEVAL COBB ID WOOD BOTH OUT
1
This Payday Is Your Last Chance to Buy
ff IK
JIT
OIL
-I
i
i
- j
J
4
!
I
-a
The resignation of Lamar Ccbbof his resignation, that he "is still In
state engineer was accepted Tuesday Prescott on business.- ,
i Got. Hunt's letter to Mr. Wood ac
mornmg by Got. Hunt. hs wI(nwtton fon0ws:
The day was featured by a light-. jIy dear genator:
ning like change of scenery at the With the utmost regret. I herein ac
state house. Resignations, accept-; eept your resignation as chairman and
..!, member of the commission of state in
ances and appointments flew thtek j wltulIoM ,g riM y you on January
and fast until the official family at; 31 191S prior to your departure for
Prescott.
It is. of course, thoroughly under
stood between us that this acceptance
i cf your resignation is convenyed for
the capitol gave up Jo bewilderment
trying to keep track of the kaleidosco
pic activity.
Following the acceptance or .Mr. . tne .ason tnat T0U re unable to de-
Cobb's resignation, it was announced J vcte your whole time to the duties of
( that B. M. At wood, for a number of ; this office, and hare, therefore, ur-
T . I7fntlv i-ctnllsrHi mp trt rlipTA Toll
years employed in the office of tne , ;
engineer would succeed to his office. hower. I desire. officially
I Z "w nr,Sh. n!on 1 Personally, to thank you in the
cod. chairman of the commission - . . ,
. . i .,5t . rt ,;, warmest terms for the senrices which
on state Institutions, nad tendered h,s rendered the state during
relation. This was J your incumbency as -a commissioner,
the governor. Coming upon the heels
f true Giinit nn (ami t1P All- ' r
nouncement of the appointment of Potion of your action m cc
, ' . VJ ,h. nT. mg to be a commissioner at a
em or, to the office of chairman of
the commission to succeed Mr. Wood.
It is also announced that Louis M.
consent-
sacri-
nieasure. of your
: nee in a certain
! business affairs.
j In accordance with the wording of
Lowenthal will take Mr Ladd s plao e . Qf ,ake effm W- Be.
anointed and qualified.
h W-h m ill nntkchl K aMAnmllKAyf
the employ of the United States im i today -j
take effect fm-j ' (S1-AS. '
VTtHSieMtin8 tt SmKL'S' - coming 0
) ter the commission of state Ib
th -fight between the state paeH, Mitntions has the of
and the commission of ate institu- tn on,v reference JO
tioaa. precipitated whet , Cobb insu- witn ,he ensineer.
tuted a suit in court seeking to re- but also
strain the commission from interfer-, . ,.,,, , . T
' man. the state architect.
I la commenting upon his removal
j from office. Mr. Cobb said: "This is
not the first time in history that a
ing in his official business. I
It is given out officially, o course,
.that Mr. Wood resigned because of
the stress of business affairs.
In his letter to Mr. Cobb, accepting;
dis-
. rz w r,, :r st. The unkmdm cut of .u. how-
action of the engineer in publishing;' esTgiing th; crift."
, y.cu Mr. Cobb's reference to the at-
his famous letter attacking members f , . ,
?t..m' "d t.0.n!t3: G"-!dinini5 the craft.- refers to , state-
ment given out yesterday by K. C.
t-jruckmtyer. member of the commis-
eral Wiley E. Jones. That the gov
ernor was really- reluctant to dismiss
.uuu. a iM-raouai mraa ana ioai sup- Kion M o..-u,. .,,
rt-0 m K,andinR.v lndiC!!! comment upon Mr! Cobb', Tter
said: "Mr. Cobb need not fool himself
by the fact that he gave the engineer
the opportunity of -retracting the state
ments in his lengthy epistle.
into believing that he is a deletant
HoMolat an 1 n.. . 1 I : .
.v v: .- j; : ' witn Mr. Cobb knows that he did
Srsrir sris: e'Tiyitien80 as-
the e?ecuu7 pleasure. The letter of TJiZ 'STl
enSnls tcSZ?0' " ' haVe D further to make.-
engineer is as jol ow, . The s;atement from t)e
Mv dear Mr Cob- ' thC Mgineer' 'Paring in the Gaxette
f . t ,v . - ' yf8-erday. to the effect that pavrolls
JrZ 1, 1 u v,ew,and bills against the engtaeerWfice
? I eveBt8,1 fjf d U to the estent of about J60.000 remained
fiT nit Tzzrrr woufd
connection, however , do ,ot wish ! u!ed uZhSTbSStcS. d"
you to understand that your resigna- set.re(ary of fte eo,,,,,,,,. - ,CB
tion is being accepted on the grounds At n ffJ engineer
u.ryuKyrrtds t'L ixa r-
h k1. " t0 Ph" lxf "'"l gineer were turned into the auditor
which I have now adopted. My action Fcowill lDstructJocs from tn
!Td " Kr e un,Kon,lna,e niU-ion Mr. Itoyce turneTthes. er
and ill-advised publication by you.' .,- ,...- , '
. . , 10 lne commission for anDroval. It
azainst rev own wishes, of a letter. , ,,-, , , ; , pp . 11
which you addressed to me on Fri-i t??, " turday " ternocln-
day. February 1st. and which appear-1 " ralD1t tne
. , ... , ... comnn-sion was filed by the engineer
Notwithstanding ycur previous good, Mr Roe thlt th.w ...
record as state engineer, and our past Sr 7 ' . hd're-
friendly and harmonious wortin re-j fTeeLl ZT'1 ,n f"
UUcn-blp, I cannot, as governor.! XJTTT At
Syb;everfory;:
which were, in my judgment, wholly , rng tbat lhe had not been
unwarranted, regarding several hon-j ,
orable men who hold appointive of-i " '
iices under my administration. With
the personal differences existing be
tween you and thoe gentlemen. I am
net officially concerned, further than
to deplore the fact that those dif-!
ferences have impaired your useful- j
ness to the state to such an extent'
as to render my present action neces-'
sary. I am firmly of the opinion that !
the people of Arizona are primarily;
concerned with the honest, efficient i if t .11 J
transaction of public business, and not I U nge IS CO&ted, breath bad,
with any animosities that may regret-j Stomach SOW, clean
tably exist between state officers, in I' J i.r 1
this conclusion. I trust that you will, uver ana DOWCU.
share, and tbat yon will, accordingly,.
realize that only with a chance of per- j Give "California Syrup of Figs" at
sonnel in he present organization Mnce a tea.spoonful today often saves
connected irh s'a'e highway con- a sick child tomorrow.
stru'tion. t,:e work con-etrrlated hj ' If your little one is out-of-sorts half
the legi.sl!'.re and the laws which i sick, in't reHing. eating and acting
they enacted may go forward without j naturally-Iook. Mother! see if tongue
delay. . . , :
4 ma is a bure m.ku uiai lis
MOTHERS! YOUR CHILD
IS CROSS, FEVERISH,
FROM CONSTIPATION
To conoltiue. I must earnestly as
sure you that I entertain, the friend-
lies feeling for you personally, and a
' is coated.
. little stomach, liver and bowels are
clogged with wa.te. When cross, irrt-
ouick' annreciauon of Tour abilitv s!table- vensh. sfomach sour, breath
an engineer and as a supervisor of '. tad or has stomach-ache, diarrhoea,
public wcrk. I shall be pleased atj801 throat, full of cold, give a tea- i
any time to demonstrate that good spoonful of "California Syrup of Figs,"
will and appreciation by certifying to and in a few hours all the constipated
your efficiency in your profession, on, prison, undigested food and sour bile
request. To bear out my statement ! gently moves out of its little bowels
fcciein. I am proceeding to a great ex-1 without griping, and rou have a well,
tent with your ownjrood judgment as;plavinK chnd in
a foundation in the selection of vour; . . . i -
.,r r- i, v ... i, , Mothers can rest easy after Riving
successor. ho iil be Mr. B. M. At- ,t, , , , v. .
wood, the field enEineer who has : this harm,Pis fnitt laxative, because
worked so effectivelv with vou dur-! !t n"ver faiIs to c,eans tne li,tle one"s
ing the pa-t several years." I trust ! 'Iver and bowel3 and sweeten the
that this eppointn.ect will mt-et ith. stoniacn and they dearly love iu
your approval, and that your succes-; pleaant taste. Full directions for
sor may l ave your good will and co-j babies, children of all aees and for
operation for the public benefit in-grown-ups printed on each bottle,
continuing the work in which you jave ! Reware of counterfeit fig syrups,
heretofore b en tngaae-i. j Ask vo,.r Arvzzisl for ho'tie
Very sinrerelv yours.
GEO. W. P.'hVXT.
Governor of Anzoai.!
Having removed the state engineer.;
the governor accepted t!t resignt! j.i j
of Hmer 'Vood as chairman of tnt,
riimmii-siiin. en'l the one ho refvf. -j
ed the hottes of Ihf engineer's wuh-j
ering fire of b'ua'isiiies in his letter. 1
At the offiee c f tne coni mission it I
as said thwt Mr. Wood had gone to!
Preseott c.n business connected wit!;
the cr,mmision. I' was said thm!
c:' rrirg p-e i'i- f the annoiincetneiit;
of "California Syrnp of Figs;" then
se that it is made by the "California
Fig Syrup Company." (Advertisement)
SHAKE INTO YOUR SHOES
.v:-ns h t awr. tttm aniiM-piie powt-r to be
uukcm tola the uora and vfirinklnl i ihr Uw
It Tri.mvm painful, oilrm, nnartiix lrt
mod takes Um mtae otit of cortM and btiuionit.
NntbiuK kitt xk qui. k and prrauxnt iviirt far
iiut);. caiia, timl, arbine t- an Athtra
n ar, Ihr aUDOard n-aicdT tor 18 y-r.
So.d hw Itrct&r. rvervwfam-. V. AiwinTje
n to Brenit la n-w hnr Tiil p-lca.- tuUi.
Aviunat, Am a. (.Mu.fi, he Ko , . V. .
For 2j Cents Per Share Nov
ON OR BEFORE SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 10TH, THE PRICE OF
THIS STOCK POSITIVELY WILL BE RAISED, AND THEN AN
OTHER BIG SPECULATIVE OPPORTUNITY WILL HAVE SUP
PED BY YOU
Complete Equipment Purchased
The UNITED CHINO OIL & REFINING COMPANY, owning
outright a vast territory in the CHINO VALLEY, the prospective oil
producing field of this state, and controlling more than one thousand,
five hundred acres, stands ready to place before you today the evi
dence that they have done what they have said they WOULD DO
and that is SPEND THEIR STOCKHOLDERS MONEY TOWARD
THE ACTUAL DEVELOPMENT OF THEIR PROPERTY.
We have ALREADY BOUGHT a standard drilling equipment
which is complete in, every detail, and when we say COMPLETE
we mean just exactly thaL
There will be no delays in our development campaign, through
lack of proper equipment, or through inferior equipment not capable
of doing the work. We have a COMPLETE EQUIPMENT, used for
drilling deep wells for the SANTA FE RAILROAD in the Northern
part of this state an equipment which a mechanical expert pronounc
ed the most complete he has ever handled in his life an equipment
absolutely guaranteed to go FIVE THOUSAND FEET, if necessary
for drilling. .
Our derrick lumber, absolutely new material for a STANDARD
84 FOOT DERRICK that will handle three strings of pipe is bought
and paid for and when this goes to press is ?t the railroad station near
est to our property in the CHINO VALLEY, from where it will be
taken by motor truck to the field.
ALL OF THIS EQUIPMENT including heavy bits and reamers
EVERYTHING ON EARTH WE NEED.
The Advice of an Expert
Further, this company is not going to take long chances by simply
putting down a well at the most convenient spot. We have made
it a point to acquire land in various sections of the valley, and we have
arranged to have TWO OIL EXPERTS from the producing fields of
California, make a thorough study of the vtlley, and spot our well
for us on what they believe to be the place with the most logical in
dications for bringing in oil in commercial quantities. THESE MEN
KNOW THEIR BUSINESS and we honestly believe that a well, dril
led on the spot they choose will result in OIL and in STUPENDOUS
PROFITS FOR YOU, if you come in on this proposition NOW. .
An Old Time Expert in Charge
We have closed a contract with Mr. H. M. Johnson to take charge
of our drilling campaign. There can be no doubt as to the ability of
Mr. Johnson. For the past twenty years he has been in PRACTICAL
association with the Doheny oil interests in Mexico and with the
UNION OIL COMPANY in California, and he is giving up a hand
some salary in Southern California and joining in with us. taking a
LARGE PORTION of his salary in stock, because after investigation
he believes the CHINO VALLEY of Arizona is to become a big oil
producing district, and because he KNOWS the men back of the
UNITED CHINO OIL & REFINING COMPANY are spending the
stockholder's money toward DEVELOPMENT he knows we mean
BUSINESS, because he KNOWS the equipment we have purchased
and the aggressiv manner in which we ars pushing this proposition.
We Mean Business
Just as certain as we live, we are going down into the ground
after the oil. You can gamble your last dollar that the UNITED
CHINO OIL & REFINING COMPANY is going to prove, absolutely.,
whether or not there is oil to be had in commercial quantities on its
large acreage in the CHINO VALLEY.
Be a Pioneer for Big Profits
THE CHINO VALLEY has every indication for BIG OIL geol
ogists, including the representative of the UNIVERSFTY OF ARIZO
NA, state that the field certainly is worthy of development and it
is a conceded fact that there HAS BEEN OIL IN THE VALLEY, be
cause it was discovered there several years ago in a test well, which
was lost through improper handling. It certainly seems that it is only
necessary to DRILL to have oil reward tJs and that we are positively
going to do.
What more can any man or woman ask, who has an atom of the
"take a chance" spirit in his or her make-up. and where the profit pos
sibilities are so enormous? WHY LISTEN DO YOU REALIZE
THAT WHEN WE STRIKE OIL, a small Fifty or One Hundred Do!
Jar investment of your part, at the present price, WILL MEAN AN
LNDEPENDENCE FOR YCU?
Remember, it is in the unproven field that the great big profits
are always made by the moderate investor. A district that is already
proved up does not offer you a chance to make a lot of money from
advance in shares. AFTER THE FIELD IS PROVED, it takes lots
of money to buy shares and then there is a greater chance for them
to DECREASE in price, than for them to INCREASE.
Buy NOW-Right Today
The thing for every-blooded men and women in this state to
do., if they have a few dollars to spare, is to BUY SHARES NOW.
in the cleanest and most legitimate oil speculation ever offered to you
BUY NOW shares of the UNITED CHINO OIL- & REFINING
COMPANY.
DONT FORGET that the BIG MONEY that the small investor
has made in every oil field in the United States, was made by share
holders in the legitimate companies, BEFORE the field was developed
and proved. In these fields, shareholders who invested ONE HUN
DRED DOLLARS, have waked up some morning to find that they
were worth FORTY-ONE THOUSAND DOLLARS and in some in
stances even more.
You can bank, your last dollar on the men who are behind this
company they live in Arizona they have their entire interests here
they hold responsible political and economic positions which they
MUST uphold, by personally seeing to it that you get a CLEAN RUN
FOR YCUR MONEY." If we fail to get OIL, you can rest assured
that it won't be because we don't go down into the ground after it
because WE ARE GOING DOWN.
Shares Will Positively Advance in Price by Feb. 10th
YOU OWE IT TO YOURSELF, TO YOUR FAMILY, TO YOUR FUTURE, TO AT LEAST TAKE A SMALL CLOCK OF STOCK
IN THIS COMPANY, FOR THE POSSIBLE PROFITS THAT WILL MEAN SO MUCH TO YOU IF WE STR1 KE OIL. FRANKLY
WHAT IS WOR $100.00 TO YOU-IT DOESNT AMOUNT TO MUCH. BUT-HOW WOULDYOU LIKE JJHE SEV
ERAL THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS THAT SHOULD RESULT FROM THIS SMALL INVESTMENT F WE STRIKE OIL
WOULDNT IT DO YOU MORE GOOD THAN ALL THE MONEY YOU COULD SAVE BY YEARS iOF "PHONAL SAOOTtt?
THINK IT OVER-IT IS WORTH THINKING ABOUT AND IS IS WORTHY OF IMMEDIATE ACTION ON YOUR PART. RE
MEMBETOIS YOU CAN SAVE M YOUR LIFE, BUT YOU'LL NEVER MAKE A FORTUNE UNLESS YOU ARE WILLING
TO TAKE A CHANCE. . iCii
Place Your Order This Payday Sure-At 2V2c Per Share Now
THE PRICE OF THIS STOCK WILL BE RAISED ON OR BE FORE THE TENTH OF THIS MONTH. YOU CAN PLACE YOUR
ORDER NOW OTHER ROUGH OUR AGENTS OR WITH THE OFFICES OF THE COMPANY DIRECT, AND IF YOU CANT
PMI DEPTOU) THE STOCK FOR YOU AT THE PRESENT PRICE, AND THE REMAINDER MAY BE
PAID BSIPAYMENTS TO SUIT YOU, THE THING TO DO IS ACT NOW, BEFORE THE RAISE IN. PRICE.
United Chino Oil and
efining Company
GENERAL OFFICES, 15 North Second Avenue,
PHOENIX, ARIZONA.
Pate 1?1
rXITKO CHINO OIL. REFINING CO..
13 Xortli $n-oiiil Ave.. I'luwnix. Arizona.
I hrrrhv mako an arT'i'tin for and erp- to pnrc.'ms sarw of t .1
Capital S-ixk of the I ii'ImI Ch::n Oil A. Kerin.n .C nipanv at 4. cents per sitar
pava.:p 2', eer.ts p r share ea.-h and bai.inr of 2 cents per share when oil is pro
(!uiv,i '..1 r"in-menial .iu.iti'lries by 1 1-r- I n;;.rt t h:no Oi! A: Kc'intin Company be-.na
iir.Ur ro ol.Ucatit-n to pay baliime ot 2 in;s per ".mo until the Company produces
in ( orr.niercal quantities.
as part paynu nt for sin at 2lj edits per
BISBEE OFFICE, Opposite Post Office, No. 7 MAIN Street
I enclose herewith $
share. I'sluwe $
i-ijnvd
Address
Town and S'ate
All i hocks are to be made
payable as h".
payable to ti e l nite.1 Chino Ref-nin Company j" ' " ' "l M
SEARCH WARRANT IS
USED TO ENTER THE
VAULT OF ATTORNEY
(Fr Review I-ase1 Wire-)
CHICAGO, Kt. -6. Alined witli a
search warrant isued by Federal
Jiide Latidis. Francis J. Henney. at
torney Tor .lie feJeral traJe commis
sion, today miced the auit of Henry
Yeeder, general counsel for Swi:t a;
Co.. and seized hundreds of letters,
records and documents for use in the
federal investigation of the packics
industry. The search of the vault
continued until proceedings were
haited by a stay order issued by Judge
Landis at the request of Attorney
John J. Heaiy. counsel for Veeder.
Jude Land's will hear arguments
tomorrow moraine on Yeeders peti
tion to stay proceeilinss under the
P2i h warrant.
f wift 4- Co's counsel made, aa un
successful attenr.pt to -prevent the re
moval of a euiu-E.se filled with letters
from VeeUt-r's vault. Attorney Veedet
inM-ted that the documents be left
ia the vauit until an opportunity had
been tad to appear before Juise Lan
ds. Objection also was made to the
form of the receipt eiven by the fed
eral officials for the papers taken.
The letters were taken to United
Siates Cy.-trict Atoreey Charles F.
CUne's office, in the federal building,
but Judge Lsndis' temporary directed
lift no further examination be made
c the d.)cc:-nts until the hearing in
co'jrt is concluded.
tfeputy United States marshals are
in t-haree of the Swift & Co. vau.'ts
tor.:&rt.
Ftiiera! officials point out tcnUht
ti tat- sustaining or the stay order
would affect every activity of t; e
cc. f-rn.ijeat und-r tje tspionate pel.
I' ufs ur der this act that I. V. V.
doc-indents were seized h'ch resulteJ
in the arrest of lis. mea-bers of thai
oreaLizaiica. It a'sD h?s been invekeC
to cbtain evidence iri many cases cl
enemy alien activities asainst the
United States covemniert. The hear
ir.i on a niaiicn to n?ake the orler
rennantn: will be hr'd tetore iudee
Lnd.3 tomorrow norni3s.
MANY WOMEN WOULD I
WORK Ofi FARMS OF
I!y Rc-viw I-!3 Wirt,
V."SHi.vJTuX. Fc-ij. i. Women
throushoui the ccaniry ere expressing
their i!iir.!r-ie.-;s to work on farms, ac
cortiir. to a stale-jjeaf issued today fcy
the division on women's war work of
the cc-rn-ittee on public information.
The s-2tp-nect cites fifrares from 2
late csTicuIturai report showing that
tiiere are at present l.S".0i women
in the United States successfully en
(T3!?ed in t zriciix jre. Of this number
7;..i.(mm. are ar. ier Z' years of ase aaa
.''.'-': are n.cro. a large percen
tage of whom are in southern cotton
states.
T h p firsr r '" ' . n nf wnrk in u h -rh wnnt-
en will he lively to increase their farm f!
U15 a-ii'iiic. s.s :ne rei-cn. 1 in
vegetable gardenia;:, poultry . raisins,
butter mating, toe rivire anl the
cultivation of crops of fruits and vege
tables, and han-estinp ad picking.
The agricultural cer.artir.ent recom
mends that women be trained t-j mnn
Ege horses 30 tfcey can drive reapers,
binders ted cultivators. Women who
nn.-'eru.ad the opT?:i. n of a-itom
li!s. the department s-'ivs. with a lit
tle additional training can operate
fane tractors.
NO INDIGESTION, GAS,
OR STOMACH MISERY
IN FIVE MINUTES
Tape's Diapeprin" for sour:
acid stomach, heartburn,
dyspepsia. j
Time it! In five minute yot:r sour '
acid stomach fe-Is fine. No indices- j
tion, heartburn, or belcfcinz of pas. or
eructations of undigested food, no diz- '
"ziness, bioatinz. foul breath or bead-
ache.
Pape's Diapprin is noted for its
spd in sweeteninz upset stomachs. ;
It is the surest. quickest and most i
certain stnn.ai snt.-'cid in the whole
world, and besides, it is harmless.
Vi'lio-.s cf Kn and women now
eat tl:-ir faonf foois without far
they know Pete's IliaptT-sin will save
t'.em from s.irh nii?f-ry.
Fle?s. for ;our sake, set a large
fifty-cent ca3e of Pipe's Dia pepsin
from any drug; store and put your
stotnaci rirht. Don't keep on beine
miserable life Is too shorj you are
not here lose, so rr.ake your stay
ereeaWe. Eat what yoa like and ec
jny ir, -rithout dread of acid fermen
tation la the stoTja. h.
Pap-"s Di:pep?in bloni:s in your
h'lttie anywpy. Sriould ope of the
family cat sonieTfcins which don"t
i?rce with th"; i. or in case of an at
tack cf indirt-sihjn. dyspepsia, gas
tritis or stomach rennsemi-rt due to
frrnientvion a:d acidity, at daytime
or d-:rinz t. r;--ht. it is bandy to
g if tr.e ui. k-st. surest r-ii'f knon.
Advertisement.
How's This?
V7e oScr One Hundred Dollars
Reward for any case of Catarrh
that cannot be cure J by Hall's
Catarrh Care.
F. J. CHFVFT CO.. Toledo. O.
Wf, th unltrrsrTt-d. have known F. J.
CYuntej for the last 15 year, and bMe
tim perfectly hontrnble in all busint-s
transactions and financially able to carry
out arir obliratinns maoe tv his flrm.
KATIONAL. BANK OF COlIMEP.CE
Toledo. O.
Hall's Catarrh Cure fa taken Internally.
actiDC direcliy ttpon the, blood and mu
cous surfaces of trte srstem. Tesrimonrals
sent free. Prite 75 cents per bo t tie. old
fcr all Imiirnsts.
Taka Uau family Pills for contlpa'Joa,
keepip;g at it one way or another but keeping at rr that is what the story of the Arizona oil & refining company's career
SHOWS
' The First ell Spudding in Means
ivance on t ebraarv- 7th
100
Per
Cent
Ad
. (The date of advance was extended for a few days owing to a special report on the Chino
Valley oil fields by the Arizona Bureau of the University cf Arizona at Tucson a State
Institution.)
5c
ARIZ
GNAOIL
m COMPANY
-5c
PAY 5c MOW-UP TO AND INCLUDING FEBRUARY 7th AND PAY 5c
WHEN WE STRIKE OIL IN COMMERCIAL QUANTITIES
The 100 Per Cent Advance Means That on the Morning of February 8th You
Will Pay 20 Cents for Arizona Oil & Refining Company Shares
lCc DOWN AND 10c WHEN WE STRIKE OIL IN COM-f?
MERCIAL QUANTITIES
The ARIZONA OIL & REFINING COMPANY is of
success because it has everlastingly kept at it. It is
success because the company has actually started opera-
tions. -; iJiiil
a
The Company has the finest equipmf nt possible. It Lr
ail paid for. . It is estimated that it cannot be duplicated
under $20,000.
The Company has a substantial treasury and the nextL
few days will complete we believe the financing of tn's
The following geologists have reported on the Chino
.Valley oil fields: Dr. E. A, Edwards, Dr. Etienne A. Rit-5
ter, E. Ronald Sagsr, Alexander Roy, L. P. Morgan. H
i
At last comes a State Institution the Arizona Bu-
reau cf Mines, connected with th.2 University of Arizona'.
at Tucson. The report of this latter institution is con-
servabve. It isn t boostr.g ar.ybody, but it boosts the Cai-j
no Valley oil fields. i
Now it is only a matter of drilling and the ARIZONA li
OIL & REFINING COMPANY is drilling they are not
sroing to drill but thej are drilling and will continue to
drill.
We predict right now that on February 8 when we
take an account of stock of the actual sales made th.B
the entire balance of the capitalization of the ARIZONA
OIL & REFINING COMPANY will have been oversub
scribed we are in a position to judge we. have felt the
pulse of the buying public from Maine to California
they are buying ARIZONA OIL & REFINING COM-;
PANY shares, Vancouver bought 20,000 shares last week
and orders are coming from the Hawaiian Islands. ' '
On February 8th, Application Will Be Made to the New York Curb for Listing
This will make a wide market for the shares. We predict an advancing markat for the shares we predict a TREMENDOUS advancing market for the shares. Here is the one
argument tbe one point wnere tnis company is aiuereni mere is no promotion stock no pool stocK to De unioaaea on me puouc wneu
the stock is listed. The only source of supply for the shares will be from the stockholders themselves who on the shares who har
bought and paid for them. The public the stockholders in a company if they believe in an enterprise don't sell on an advancing mar
ket and an advancing market always accompanies an operating company especially an oil company that is actually drilling in a proven
field. If there is no one tc soil tlieir stares and there are plenty of buyers and buyers at the market will carry the stock to high fiaures
even before oil is actually struck.
We predict and believe we are conservative that ARIZONA OIL i REFINING COMPANY scares will sell on the streets of PHOENIX
at 40c to 50c a share within the next 30 days and perhaps sooaer
Then This Is the Last Opportunity to Buy Arizona
Oil & Refining Company Shares at 5c
Remember we deliver certificates upon payment of the first 5c. There is no charge in the management
Dr. E. A. Edwards, the noted geologist, is in charge of the company's operations; Honorable David F. Johnson,
the State Treasurer of Arizona, handles the finances, and we the GENERAL SECURITIES INVESTMENT
CORPORATION are completing the financing of the company and we will do it we believe on or before
February 7. '
Don't wait until the last day. This issue may be oversubscribed tomorrow.
75,000 "Arizona Industrial." iriving the story of the ARIZONA OIL & REFINING COMPANY have been
mailed all over the United States and applications for shires are coming by mail and by wire.
-v-mff 'cv.i; i - '&:?P .-
PHOTOGRAPHIC REPRODUCTION OF THE ARIZONA OIL & REFINING COMPANY'S STANDARD R13 AND EQUIPMENT.
JANUARY 27. 1918. FULLY 2C3 AUTOMOBILES WERE ON THE GROUND TO WITNESS THE SPUDDING IN OF THE
TAKEN
WELL.
t
- .1
. 4
t: i 1
it,
I
I
V f i f - I .
?r C C" M-'j: . .wT ;
J
a .
4
- X
General Securities
mestment
Corporation
PHOENIX, ARIZONA
LOWELL OFFICE O'MALLEY'S
GENERAL SECI RIT1ES INVESTMENT CORPORATION,
Box 744. Phoenix. Arizona.
Pate
-1S1
I hereby make application for and asree to purvhos
shares of the Capital Stock of Arizona Oil and Refining Company
ot 10 cents per share, payable S cents per share now and Valance
of 5c per share whn oil is discovered and produced In payins
quantities by the Company, being under no obligation to pay hal
ance of 5 cents per si:are until production condition has heen fcil
Mled. ;
I enclose herewith $ as (Full PsrO payment for same. .
, payahle as above. ;
Balance .
Signed .
Address
State
BISBEE OFnCE
MOOSE HOTEL
INTERIOR VIEW ARIZONA OIL 1 REFINING COMPANY STAND
ARD RIG AND EQUIPMENT. SHOWIMG THE 3000-POUND DRILL
THE DAY OF SPUDDING IN THE WELL
STRONACH & BARNARD, Agents. j Investment Corporation (RK
1
t
V (
Review Want Ads
Advertisements under this head at the rate of 1 cent per word (or each
Msae, with a iinmnm charge of 25 cents. Advertisements must reach Th
Review office, not later than 8 p. m. for insertion in the next morning paper
Male Help Wanted
WANTED Solicitor; must know how
to run Ford car. Inquire M. Levin
Tailoring Co, Lowell. 12
Female Help Wanted
WANTED Waitress, Raby boarding
house. 984
WANTED Competent maid. Apply
lira. E. E. Whitely. Warren.
WANTED Waitress at Copper Queen
Hotel. 6S2
Positions Wanted
WANTED Position in boarding house
or restaurant. Mrs. Charlotte Han
son, LowelL 976
WANTED Position by experienced
none. Phone 327. . 894
WANTED Place at once either in
boarding house or chambermaid,
colored lady. Mrs. E. M. Lewis, Re
view. 605
For Sale
FOR SALE 1 Billiard and 2 pool
tables. Write or see me at 744 11th
Street, Douglas, Ariz. Moreno. 3S
FOR SALE: Two room furnished
house; close in. Address J. S. Cave.
Review. 51
FOR SALE The Toledo grocers scale
cost $150. use 3 months, a bargain.
Everything bought, sold and ex
changed. Standard Furniture Co,
Allen Block. S34
FOR SALE Two Ford touring u.:s.
See Shideler on the jitney snut
831
FOR SALE: Second hand Ford tour
ing car. Apply Forum Cafe, Lowell.
S4S
FOR SALE New modern home, gar
age, 25 income month. Box 19S2.
804
FOR SALE: Five room house furnish
ed. Campbell SL, Warren. Hogan
Seed. 795
FOR SALE 2. 3, 4, S room houses,
soft drink stand. Upper Brewery
Gulch. D. P. Rossi. 757
FOR SALE Sixteen room furnished
rooming house next to City Park.
120 Opera Drive. 755
FOR SALE At sacrifice, account sick
ness, the Home industry Furniture
store rooming house. Inquire
Htme Industry .Furniture Store.
LowelL 783
FDR SALE Valley farm, .small pay
ment down, tune on Daiance. some
improvements. E. P. Grindell, Me
NeaL 4S0
BUT McNEAL BASIN LAND, shallow
water, small monthlv payments. E.
P. Grindell. McNeai 480
153 ACRES improved McNeai farm.
Owner away, must be sold. Two
-crops will pay It out. E. P. Grin
dell. McXeaL 4S0
FOR SALE 17 room furnished hotel.
Hogan & Seed. Phone 10. 9S5
FOR SALE Modern six room house
at cost. Charles Daume, Junction
mine. 896
FOR SALE Private auction, furnit
ure, hand painted china, bedding,
etc, flat for rent. Cunard Flats, be
tween high school and Baptist
Church- 878
FOR SALE Uncalled for suit?. M.
Levin Tailoring Co, LowelL Si 4
IF TOU WANT A HOME I will sell:
you th lot and. build you a house.;
Tenrs to suit purchaser. Wm. Mc-j
Do u gal. contractor and builder.:
Tombstone Canyon opp. Lincoln
School. ( 47?
FOR SALE Bargain if sold this week ;
completely furnished three room
house and two lots, $750 cash or $$00 ,
terms. Apply 127 Art HilL 16
FOR SALE: 320 acre ranch. 160 acres
fenced. 40 acres in cultivation, no
brush, good grass bind Terms given ;
if necessary. Address J. R. S, Re
view. 29 ,
LOST
LOST Packet containing money and
watch ticket. Return to Review.
Reward. Lost on January 24th. 32
LOST Bunch of keys, return to Re
view, reward. 974
PETEY DINK A Poor
For Sale
FOR SALE Three milk cows. Inquire
Arizona Grocerv store. 2S
i:
FOR SALE 4 four room houses. Mas
on Hill Hogan & Seed. . 660
FOR SALE Five room house with
pantry, sleeping porch and sll latest
improvements, in Warren 7 just fin
ished. Terms. Apply Wm JklcDou
gall, contractor and builder. Tjan
stone Canyon, opposite Lincoln
school.
To Exchange
FOR EXCHANGE San Diego proper
ty for Bis bee. 12 lots 25 x 150 feet
each 4150 x 30o corner, high and
sightly, fine garden soil, covered
with large bearing fruit trees. Im
proved with 2 houses, one new 5
rooms and one old but good 8 room
ed house, located adjoining San
Diegos choice residence section,
close in to business, schools and
churches. 1-2 block to Five Minute
Street Car Service. This property
was formerly held at $15,000 owing
to its choice location, superb view
and improvement possibilities, but I
will trade it at a valuation of JH:.'i
subject to $25"0 bank mortgage, for
city or country property. R. D. Lau?.
3640 Utah St, San Diego. Calif. 54
. Furnished Rooms
i
(FOR RENT 2 furnished housekeep
i ing rooms with large screen porch;
I No small children. 101 Higgins Hill.
33
: FOR RENT Two furnished rooms for
housekeeping; light, water and gas.
163 Opera Drive. 55
FOR RENT 2 light furnished rooms.
86 Upper LowelL Phone Red 542.
53
FOR RENT Furnished housekeeping
rooms, 31 O. K. Street. 979
; FOR RENT Furnished front bearoosa
97 Mason Hill on car line Mason Hill
stop, suitable for one or two people.
9S1
i FOR RENT Housekeeping rooms, 108
Upper LowelL 9S2
j MOOSE HOTEL Furnished rooms
j $2.00 per week and np. 377
i ,
' FOR RENT 2 furnished rooms for
' 1 , z . v:u tic Tli.k
Road. Anna Murphy.
779
Professional Cards
j If you intend to build or alterate your
I home it will pay you to communi-
! Mta with CI r Unr?ri-lr& rpnpntl
1 ritnt ra i-tnr ami hllilffer Rfix
213
' (MRS. J. W.) CLARA LONGAKER
j MORLEY. teacher of piano, student
j of the Northwestern Conservatory
: of Music Boston Flats. Phone Bliack
! 5S3. 315
For Rent
i FOR RENT Garage.
I Street, Warren.
!0S Blacknob
35
;FOR RENT 2 roons in South Eisbee.
1 Box 3S32. 36
FOR RENT 5 room
house. 236 Mason HilL
Higgins HilL
nn furnished
Apply No. 1
15
'FOR RENT A garage at 42 Oak Ave.
T
I
at $4 a month.
I FOR RENT or lease, storage room on
! O. K. street, apply Buxton-Smith Co.
! Brewery Gulch. 532
Wanted
WANTED To buy a 4 room house
close in. State terms. Address P.
O. Box 2419 Bisbee. 577
WANTED Will pay $1.50 for double
heeded hardwood barrels at our
markets in Brewery Gulch and in
Lowell, or at slaughter house in Don
Luis. Barrels must be in good con
tiitior Tovreas. 495
Miscellaneous
MADAME J. REA KEYS. St. Regis ho
tel. 1 owell. Ariz. Phone 62. Clair
voyant and crystal reader. Dead
trar.ee spirit medium born with a
double veil, without asking questions
gives von dates, facts and figures,
and wiil read your entire life. 527
OLD CLOTHES
739.
BOUGHT.
Phone
442
REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS
Day to Get Up an Appetite
BROTHERHOOD
OPERATORS INTENTIONALLY BELAY
TRAFFIC TO HURT ADAMSON BILL
j (By Review Leased Win-)
j WASHINGTON. Feb. . Inceffii -lent
operation of the railroads, resulting in
traffic congestion with its great at
Itendant evils was charged by union la
, bor leaders at a hearing today before
, the railroad wage commission to a de
' sire on the part of the managements
of the systems to discredit the eight
hcur law and to make a failure of gov
ernment control.
W. G. Lee, head of the trainmen. A
B. Garret son. head of the conductors
: and other witnesses told the commit
tee why they thought the transporta
tion system of the country including
such roads of splendid record as the
Pennsylvania, suddenly collapsed. The
brotherhood leaders used such vigor
ous expressions as "rotten railroading"
to convey their opinion of the may the
business has been carried on since the
government took charge and they of
fered to produce scores of instance
of delayed crews, changes in person
nel and misuse of rolling stock to
prove their statements.
Hearing Ruffled
The ordinarily quiet course of such
a bearing was ruffled from the outset.
Lee and Garretson. appearing to pre
sent the claims of their brotherhoods
for wage increases, found severe! rail
road representatives present and en
tered an immediate protest, declaring
they did not propose to deal with tvo
sets of employes. The commission ex
plained that the railroad men wet"
ihere by special invitation to supple
ment, not to antagonize, the informa
tion presented by the employes.
This question hardly had been
smoothed over before discussion of the
working of the eight hour law and the
eliect of government supervision ot
the roads precipitated charges by Lee
that the management were doing their
utnost to discredit them. He said over
line had been doubled and tripled to
make the effect of the Adamson law
more expensive and to represent that
the workers were obtaining large wase
increases. Furthermore, he declared
that every effort was being used to
nandicap transportation to create dis
satisfaction with the govenmivut's
part in the business.
"I would go back to about four
banks in New York if I wantsJ to find
out the real cause for this." he saiu.
"Train Delayers"
Asked how he thought the alleged
results had been accomplished, he
said he thought the -word had boon
ptssed down the line" that overtime
was to be increased greatly. He did
not think there had been a con-pitai-y
"from the presidents down to the dis
patchers" to delay trains under goxern
ment supervision, but insisted su:u
cient persons were interested io ;nt
end to obtain what they defied, lie
referred to train dispatchers us "train
delayers."
Secretary Lane, chairman of the ccm
mission. asked numerous questions
concerning the union leaders allega
tions and wanted to know if Us meant
that the railroads actually had run up
their operating costs in order : '.
credit the Adamson law. Mr.-Lee re
plied that was the case. adda? th;.l
it was "perfectly natural."
"I do not think it was nature?; I a;.:
not so cynical about human nature.'
the secretary replied.
Mr. Garretson supplemented nis col
league's statements. "The opera tin
employes are thoroughly aware of the
manner of clearing congestion wlu .-h
was in effect before the government
took over the roads," he sjij. "They
also are aware of the kind of transpor
tation now being given, but I want to
say there is one class of employes not
engaged in giving a demonstration ot
what a failure government operation
is."
Another Protest
D. W. Helt. grand chief of the Broth
erhood of Railway Signalmen, assert
ed that the work of the wage commis
sion was being "used as a cloak" by
some of the roads to discontinue nego
tiations with employes which were be
gun before the commission was ap
pointed. He 'said the signal men on
the New York. New Haven and Hart
ford were on the verge of quitting
Money to Loan
$50,000 TO LOAN-an improved city
property or for building, on easy
terms of payment. T. A. Hughes,
over Bank of Bisbee. 25
SMALL quick loans on your personal
note to salaried men and women, al
so on furniture. Cox Lona Co. Room
2. Lyric Theatre building. , 166
. - - - - , ,
1 fe - I . li)iur 0rW
r
CHARGE
their jobs because of inability to ob
tain satisfaction on demands made in
Discern her.
Requests for increased wages wer.
made by Lee. Garretson and Helt. ou
ehalf of their organizations, by E H.
Morton, representing the Order of Rail
way Station Agents and the Brother
lood of Railway Towernien and Signal
nen. and by P. J. Coyle. representing
the Brotherhood of Railroad Station
Employes. All of them told of in
creased living costs. The unions be
side the trainmen and conductors,
which obtained an eight hour day un
ler the Adamson law. requested a ba
sic eieht hour day and time and a half
for overtime.
Increases Asked
Increases asked by the trainmen
and conductors vary . from 20.6 pei
ent for conductors to 42-8 per cent
for yard helpers, in general the lowest
laid employees to receive the largest
"ncreases. Conductors who now get
:4.50 a day on passensrr trains would
-eceive $5.35 if the full increase were
allowed. Baggagemen would be in
rreased from $2.57 and- $2 90 a day.
iccording to territory, to $3.SS. Flas
nien would advance from $2 60 to
$3.61. and brakemen from $255 tn
$3.6L
On through freicht trains the con-
1 nc tors' pay would
advance
from
$.04 and $.0418 a mile to $.053. and
Gasmen and brakemen from $.0267 to
$.03S1. The pay of conductors on lo
al freights would be $.05S and flag
men and brakemen $.0129.
Yard foremen would be increased
from $3.80 to $5.30 and helpers from
$3.50 to $5-
Mr. Morton said station agents,
whom he characterized as the busi
ness representatives of the roads and
now of the government, received on
n average $22 a weok compared with
"he $34 paid the conductors and $4C
raid the engineers, whose standards
of living were similar. As represen
tatives now of the government, he
said, the agents should receive M
nv.ich as postmasters, although their
pay generally was about half.
Mr. Coyle snid the men he repre
sented were paid very low wa?es.
crossing watchmen, for instance, re
ceiving on some roads $1. 80 a day for
14 S hours' work. He declared the
iafety of the public demanded better
treatment for such men and urged
that wage increase for them, baggage
men, freicht handlers, delivery clerks
and other outside workers should
range from 40 per cent upward.
Mr.- Helt particularly asked that
signal men should not continue to be
paid on a monthly bais. irrespective
of hours of work, a basis which, he
said, applied only to them of all rail
road employees. Their pay runs from
$56 to $103 a month, snd he cited in
stances of men who have worked 16
to JS hours a day for 21 consecutive
days during recent bad weather with
out any extra compensation.
Legal Notices.
CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
OF ENGINEER DEVELOPMENT
COMPANY
We. the undersigned, nereby asso
ciate ourselves together, agree upon
and adopt the following certificates ot
incorporation, under the provisions ot
Chapter 58. of the Revised Laws of the
Slate of Minnesota, for the year 1Sh5,
Jand acts amendatory thereof and sup
plemental tnereto.
ARTICLE l
The name of this corporation t-hsll
be ENGINEERING DEVELOPMENT
COMPANY. The principal place ot
: transacting its business shall be DUL
! UTH. MINNESOTA. The general nat
' ure of its business shall be the mining.
: smelting, reducing, refining and work-
ing of iron ores, gold ores, silver ores.
! corper ores and other minerals, and
the manufacture of iron, steel, ccp
per and other metals.
ARTICLE II
The period of its duration shall be
thirty (30) years, and the date of the
commencement of this corporation
shall be Januarv lSth.. ISIS.
ARTICLE III
The names and places of residence
of the incorporators of this corpora
tion are as follows:
A. J. McLennan. Dultuh. ?.!irn.
Wm. P. Harrison. Duiuia. Vim.
A. Clark. Duluth. Minn.
V. H DeGroat. Du!uth, Minn.
Helen McNelis. Duluth. Minn.
ARTICLE IV
The management of this corporatron
'iuaiTCtf vested" in a'Lodiiri.-ciGijf'f
consisting of five (5 members. The
names and addresses of those compos-1
ing the iSourd of Directors until the
first election, are as follows: I
1 A. J. McLennan. Duluth. Minn.
Wm. P. Harrison. Duluth, Minn.
A. Ciark. Duluth. Minn.
F. 11. De Groat. Djluth. Minn.
Helen .k,'elis. Da'uih. Minn.
The annual meeting of tne stockhold
ers of ih.s corporation for the election '
of directors and the transaction of otn
er business snail be held on tbe third
Wednesday in January m each year.
at such place as the hoard ot Directors i
may from time to time determine by
by-law or resolution. The first meet
ing of the corporation shall be held on
the third Wednesday in January, m$. t
at ten
o clock a. ni, in Room Mil
ildins. Duluth. Minnesota, with
rev Bu
out notice.
ARTICLE V
The amount of the capital stock of
this corporation shall be One Hundred
Thousaiul Dollars t$100.tHv.00t. divid
ed into one hundred thousand (100.
0i) shares of the par value of One
Dollar $1.0 each, to be paid in as
the Board of Directors may determine.
This corporation may begin business
when Fiftv Thousand Dollars ($50.
Ho.oin jar value ot its capital is sub-,
scribed for and taken. Stock in thisi
corporation may be paid for either in
cash or In property.
ARTICLE VI
1 The highest amount of indebtedness
or liability which this corporation shall
at anv ti:ne be subject is One Hundred
Thousand Dollars t$l'H.OO0.00).
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, we have
hereunto set our hards and sea's this
tth day of January. 191S.
A. J. McLENNAX (Seal
Wm. P. HARRISON (Seal!
A.CLARK (Seal
F. H. De Groat (SeaD
II. McNELIS (Seal)
In Presence of:
C.F.O. RIPLEY.
E S. FORSELL.
STATE OF MINNESOTA
)ss.
COUNTY OF ST. LOUIS.
On this 4'.h day of January. 1918. be
fore me. a Notary Public within and
for said County, personally appeared
A. J. McLennan. Wm. P. Harrison. A.
Clark. F. H. De Groat and Helen Mc
Nelis. to me well known to be the per
sons described in and who executed
the foreoine instrument, and acknow
ledged that they executed the same as
-their free act and deed.
GEO. RIPLEY.
Notary Puhlic. St. Louis
County. Minn.
Mv Commission expires Jan. 2, 1921.
Adv.4
BISBEE COPPER MINING AND DE
VELOPMENT CO.
Bisbee, Arizona.
TO THE STOCKHOLDERS: .
Notice is hereby given that pursuant
to resolution of the directors, a special
meeting of the stockholders of the Cis
bee Copper Mining and Development
Company will be held in the office rt
the company In Fisbee, Cochise Conn
ty. Arizona, on Wednesday, the 6th
day of February. A. D. 1918. at "
o'clock p. m.
The business to be transacted at
said meeting will be:
First Election of Directors.
Second Consideration of a proposi
tion to dispose ot aproxlmately four
hundred thousand ( 400.000 shares ol
the capital stock now held in the
treasury, for the purpose of raising
funds with which to do further devel
opment work on the properties of the
company.
Third And to transact such fur her
business as may be proper.
Bv order of the Directors.
A. H. LIVINGSTON. Secretary
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of tSe Interior
U. S. LAND OFFICE at Phoenix. Ari
zona. January 12. 191S. '
NOTICE is hereby given that GeorceJ
W. Kechey. of T.isbee. Arizona, who. j
on July 7. 1915. made Homestead En-,
try. No. 030S67. for Township 22S.
Ranee 2"E. G- & S. R. H. Meridian.!
has filed notice of intention to make:
three year Proof, to establish .claia: ;
to the latid above described, before j
Jared D. Taylor. U. S. Commissioner ,
at Bisbee. Arizona, on 2th day of
Kernsry. 191S. ;
Claimant names as witnesses: Ed
vard E. Thomas, of Itisbee. Arizona;:
Charles N. Thomas, of Bisbee. Arizo-
na; August F. Bornego. of Lowell. Arl
zona; Keller Hogan. of Bisbee. Arizo
r.a.
JOHX L. IRTX. Retister.
First Publication January 19. 191S.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior
U. S. LAND OFFICE at Phoenix. Ari
zona. January 12. I91S.
NOTICE is hereby given that Clair
V. Bonrdman. of Garces. Arizona, w ho.
cn October 24. 1912. nia.ie Homesea1
Fntrv No. 019H.".0 for E3W',. W4
Lodge
BISBEE LODGE. NO. 718.
leeU every Frtd Moosa Hail.
Tor-JalUa broUfcrs cordliJ invited,
j v router.
KAY ROSS. Secretary.
-OYAi. ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OR AMERICA.
DREADNOUGHT.
L. O. L, NO. 21a
Meets in L O.
O. r. Hall tint
and tmlr
MONDAY
at 7:30 p. m.
Visiting broth
era cordiaU
tnvittd to ai
tend.
Wm. r. SMITHAN. W. M.
ROBERT KERULsi. Secretary
e. O. Box 426. Bisbe.
WEEK ENDING FEB. 9, 191S.
Monday
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday
V. W. GIDLEY. W. M.
i. T. W ATKINS. Secy. F. A A. M.
". W. TO LAND. E. II. P.
.:. F. PHILBROOK. T.LJL
E. BENNETT. E C,
?. S. DAVENPORT. Secretary Chap
ter and Cotnjiandery.
W. R BANKS, Secretary CouncO.
T. f. a.
J7-rtJlA FRATERKAL
r?S!tV.I BROTHERHOOC
irfirj 452 mls the 1
A J i K and 3rd Monday
tyf of each month w
'fj 7:M " Medigo
C? rich Hatt. Visit
ig members corviUHy rnvtted.
HIL. DAVIS, President
SIRS. C E. FINOTTL Treasure
Box 722. Tel. 236. Red.
CATHERINE SALHOLM. Secretary.
PYTHIAN SISTERS
Lily Temple No. 3 meets every 2nd
and 4th Thursday evening of each
month at Odd Fellows HalL Visiting
sisters are cordially invited.
MINNIE BLUM. M. E. C,
Phone Black 851.
IDA GLAZE. M. of R. C.
Phone Black 420
WARREN MINING DISTRICT
CHAPTER AMERICAN RED CROSS
Executive committee meets second
xd fourth Wednesdays of each nionth
U ". M. C. A. All members urged to
neet and confer with committee after
;ach regular meeting.
SEV and on May 13. 1914, made addi
ional Homester.d Entry. No. 025127.
or E'iXW., and WXE. Section
."9 Township 2.S. Ranee 21E. G. & S.
L B- & Meri'liau. has filed notice o!
intention to make three year Proof, to
stablish claim to the land above ce
-rribed. before W. A. Fowler. U. S.
Commissioner, at Tombstone. Arizona,
n the 19ih day of February. 191S
Claimant .natr.e as witneses: Floyd
'.V. Spe.-ow. Goorce J. McCabe. Milton
?lark. all thret? of Hereford. Arizona;
Horace W. ATlarkson. ct Garces. Ari
zona. JOHN L. IRVIX. Reeister.
?irst Publication January 19, 191$.
-NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior
U. S. LAND OFFICE at Thoenlx.
Arizona. Dec 13. 1917.
NOTICE is hereby given that Caleb
A. Newman, of Hereford. Arizona, who
rn Feb. 11. 1911. made Homestead En-
'rv No msrrofi for sn. .-. t
r. e.; and on Sept. t. 1915 made
. Additional Homestead Entry,
1O2S20S. for SE'.SWV. Sectioa -5.
' Township 22S Range 20 E. t;. i S. R.
I B. & Meridian, has filed notice o in
tention to make five-year Proof, to s
: tablish claim to the kinl aoove de
scribed, before Jared D. T. 'or. U. S.
Commissioner, at Bisbee. rijona. on
the 12th day of February. 191S.
Claimant names as witnesses: Rov
' A. Newman. James W. Ilaierty. Joe!
P. Steele. John F. Ashworth, sU of
farces, Arizona.
J. L. IRVIX. Resisted
First publication January 12. 1911
t
4
Notices
i JUNIOR ORDER UNITED
AMERI-
CAN MECHANICS.
Meets in MedigoviCD
Hall, second and fourth
Tuesdays each month.
Visiting wroth rs
CORM.
F. BENTON. Councillor.
L, BENTON. Recording Secretary.
LOOCE NO. 671.
Regular meeting first and third m
day of each month. Visiting brothers
cordially invited to attend. .
R- E. WARNER. Exalted Roler.
J. A. KELLY. Secretary.
FRATERNAL ORDER EAGLES.
BUhee Aerto, No. 17E. r. Q. c, meets
3rsi and third MONDAYS. . p. m,
E&gles H.JL Y 11 ten cordially w
-ome.
J. F. W1LMOTH. President
F. C, FENDERSON. Secretary.
C L. EDMONSON. Aens fhjalciao.
KNIGHTS AND LADIES OF SECUR
TY. BISBEE COUNCIL NO. 2113
Meets every Second and Fourth Sat
urdays in the mtmth at L O. O. F.
hatt. 7:30 p. m. Visiting members ar
cordially Invited.
ARNOLD SCHMIIX President. P. C
Box 34S3. Lowell. Ariz.
FREDERICK J. ATTAWAT.
Secretary. UbweU.
E. U.XDQCIST.
Financial Secretary, P. O. Box 1246.
LowtO.
BISBEE LODGE, No. 10, L O. O. F.
Meets evsry
1 WEDNESDAY
evening at Odd
Flwa Hill
Mala street at 7:0fl p. m. Vlaltjs
brothers cordially Invited 'jo attend.
Hall phone lis.
H. R. TAYLOR. X. O-
CARL V. NELSON. Secretary.
IMPROVED ORDER RED MEN.
Meets Brst and th!r4
Thursdays a: T:i p. m.
la Medlgovich HaU. All
visiting Red Uea irvlti
to attend.
SAM RYALL .Sachem.
W. D. CO HEX. Medicine Ma
F. C. FENDERSON, C of R.
MODERN WOODMEN OF AMtRiCA
Bisbe Camp No. 13411,
Meets Crst Tuesday a
Odd Fellows HalL
R. L MOTZ. CcnviL
H. F HATHEWSON.
Clark.
ORDER OF EASTERN STAR.
meets in Masonic Ha2
Pearl Chapter. No. , meets
in Masonic Hall second and
fourth Tuesday of sac
month at 7:0 u. tn
MRS. EMMA WOODS. W. M.
Phone 161. Box 43. Bisbee.
MRS. JESSIE BEVAN. Sec. P. O.
Box 2299. Chairman Relief Com.
Phona 161.
WOODMEN OF THE WOLD.
Lowell Camp No. 46 wiU
meet every e"resiay
at 7:30, Bropny HsU.
H.
a LAXDATI, C. C.
O. a THOMAS. Clerk.
All Woodmen invited.
BROTHERHOOD OF AMERICAN
YEOMAN
Richard I. Homestead S93. meets
Jsecont and fourth Tuesday at Odd
Fellows' halL Visiting Archers are
j cordially invited.
MRS. C C FINLATSON. Fbremaa
P. a Box 1526.
E. D. STINSON, Correspondent
Box 1496.
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS
Rathbone Lodre No. in.
Knights ot PythJ
meets each Thursday
except second) is Odl
Fellows' HaU at 7:30
p. m. Visiting brothers
cordially invited.
l.W"X H. RICE. C. C.
EARL SOBLEY. K. of R. S
By C A. VOIGHT
3Z -
i
- f
4
- i
Ci7 Briefs
Kas anyone visited you? Or
have yon entertained? If so. call
the Review after 6 p. m. and tell
the Society Editor, Phone 39.
MEETING POSTPONED.
Methodist Ladies Aid Society will
not meet at the V. W. C. A. today on
account of the quarantine.
ABLE TO BE OUT.
Judge W inters, of Lowell, ts able to
be out again after a siege of tse ,
mnmnc Vft ia fiirain if i;hursin? iustice
. I
in inai precmci. i
social POSTPONED.
The social that was to be given this
evening by the B. Y. r". L. oi tne Kap
tist' Church, has been postponed on
account of the Quarantine. J
SALE BRINGS GOOD RETURNS,
The nimmnee sale of the Red Cross
in the Hughes block continues tojng an assault on the person of Sam
bring in goo-1 retnrns. Last week the 'Bill. The case will come up for trial
sales amounted to $3S 0 The ladies' in Tombstone the latter part of this
wish to thank those who donated ! month or the Erst part of March.
clothes, etc.
I
WAS FINED. I
John Atwood was arrested Tuesday
night by Police Officer Joe Hardwics
on a charge of having intoxicating
liquor in his possession. He entered
a plea of giulty before Judge Thomas i
nd was fined f 1.00 and given ten diys
in jail.
CAUGHT WITH WHISKEY.
D. G. Crawford was caught last night
about seven o'clock with six boules of
whiskey in his car in the-vicinity of
the Lowell school house as he was
Business Locals
. v. ,. .v
The RIks dqnrc. which was to be i
- --:
given on Feb. 8. is postponed on ae-
couct of quarantine. Adv. 53 :
. i
MATERNITY HDMt ,
Call Black 573 for terms, etc
Advertisement 974
L. L. GOman sells tbe New Edison, j
"ihe phonograph with a souL
!
Phone 43 or 750 for prices on paint-
ing and paper hanging. New goods
Adv. 280
Cigars and tobacco all night can be
had at English Kitchen.
Adv 50
Passport pictures 75 cents per set;
post card photcs. 2 for 25 cents and
up. Broadway Studios, just off Brew
ery Gulch. Adr. S3
AXTBODT who rides on jitney bus
No. 13354 is protected against acci
dent indemnitr $5,000 bond.
W. E. MALCOMB.
Ad?. 862
' !
n'l T.QTWr r.,i.raIt
Paint Co. Phone 45 or 750. Adv. 2S0
Dont forget to see the Schweizer Im
ported embroidered dress goods oa dis
play at the home of Mrs. Edith Byrns.
Campbell St Warren, todav onlv.
Adv. 31
Expert paper caneer ana painter. C
S Brandt. Phone 4 Box 150.
Kvn 1
can be had after 1 a. m. at Enrfisa
Kifhen.
Air 537
ROCKHILL'S STAGE
Bishee-Tombstone, Leaves Bisbee
Bisbee Auto Co., 1 a. nu 1:30 p. m. 7
Phone Bisbee 5. Adr.
Dr. Playfalr, Osteopath, 98 Mason!
Hill, Mason car atop. Phone Bine (17
Aa. 231
Eugene Stevens has just received
the electric vacuum cleaners from the
factories and tbey are in first class
shape; also electric sewing machines.
They will be for renL Phone 120 or
253. Adv. 13
RoyalT&eatre
TONIGHT
Eva Tanguay
IN
The Wild Girl
tf
LYRIC THEATRE
Balcony
Reserved Seats
FRANK POWELL PRESENTS
Marjorie Rambeau in 'The Debt"
FIVE-ACT FEATURE.
Albert E. Smith Presents
WILLIAM DUNCAN and CAROL HOLLOWAL, In
"THE FIGHTING TRAIL"
Episode 11 "PARCHED TRAILS"
DAVID HORSLEY Presents GEORGE OVEY, In
THE RED, WHITE AND BLUE Comedy
Mutual Weekly News of the World in Moving Pictures
One Show Every Night Box Office Open 6:30 Show
Starts 7 o'Clock.
about to deliver the whiskey to a pur
' chaser. He was placed urldr arrest
by Deputy Sheriff William Brakeri id
and is now in the branch county jail.
He will be held pending action in the:
superior court.
WERE MARRIED.
William M. Keese. who is leasing
from the Copper Queen company, and
Mrs. A. Chamberlain, of Ralston. OkU-;
homa. were married in iomostone ve
terdav bv Justice of the Peace W. A. I
Fowler. They have returned here to
make their home.
HAVE KIT OF TOOLS.
I
Deputr Sheiff William Brakefield oti
f
. -
A
iwe!l has in his possession a kit
automobile tools that was taken awa
fwim Tarin hnr TtiM c
. " .
no doubt mat tney were sioieu auu me-
owner can have the same by calling !
t tho offW of the iustice of neare!
nii describing them.
piiT up CASH.
jrrr Korrich and Chris Tomich
vesterdav tut ut I1S00 cash for their'
appearance in Tombstone before the
superior
Superior Court on the charge o m.-.k-1
IS IN HOSPITAL
J. F. Ryan, who was conductor or
the Bisbee Stub for the past 7ear on-;
til about three weeks ago. is no- in
Mayo Brothers" Hospital in Rochester,
Minnesota, where he underwent an
operation or a gathering in his nrck.
He is reported as doing nicely and ex
pects to return to his home in Doug
las soon.
WAS HELD UP.
M. Doak. reported to the officers
late Tuesday night that he had been
held up on the railroad track near the
old Copper Queen hospital and that
two checks had been taken from him.
He shewed evidence of having been
beaten up but was unable to give any
description oi tne men ne suegeu iuii
held fcim tip. j
v
e-r-riou
FR. PL,CE s.TAT'ON- .
Boldness or tne tnieves wno oroKe.
Acm V. n in il f A V 1 i t CM O t, rt in I Vll f- I
v. . .
' las and stole thirty cases of booze is !
not a circumstance, the police say, to
the andacitv of the burglars who en-:
! tered the police station Tuesday night
there, sawed the staple off tbe lower
locker, and took six bottles of evidence
whisky. In their haste the thieves ot-
' erlooked $20 which was in an envelope
I beside the bottles, and a gun or two
. :.
, ally on duty at the station until four
o'clock in the morning.
tire THIEVES BUSY.
That there is an organized band of
auto tires thieves in the district is
evident from the number of tires that
are stolen almost every day or nighL
Tuesday night someone took two tires
off of the car of Paul Lorenzo while
it was standing in the subway. They
jacked the wheels up and took rims
rnd alL The car that was wrecked
over the Divide at the time that Otto
Johnson was killed was stripped of
two tires, before it
was brought to ;
iuu )"'"'.''
MUST SERVE TIME.
O- S- French will have to serve 22
months time on the county roads of
Cochise county and pay a fine of $300
according to the decision of Judge
Leckwood in the superior court at
Tombstone made yesterday. The
French case has been hanging fire
for nearly two months now. but yes-
' terday sufficient tesMmocy was given i
i before the' court to convince him that!night for Los Angeles. 1
French had violated his parole French
was given cntil Saturday to fix up his
hus!ness and report back to the sher
iffs office.
AN EXPLANATION.
Among those classed as slackers
and who have failed to return their
Questionnaires to tie draft boards are
found many men now in the army
while there are also cases where
papers have been mailed to men who
have died since those within the
draft age reeistered.
Percy Stanley Anstess, killed Nov.
2S. 1917. at the Junction has been
classed as a slacker and friends of
the dead man have asked that this
te explained. Anstess was drafted
and turned down by the examining
uociors and died before the cuesuon-
I naires were mailed.
; WILL BE ATTENDED TO.
There are a number of boys who
; live in the vicinity of Spring canyon,
' who are going to face serious charges
: if they do not mend their ways. For
' the past few weeks they have been
making a habit of bringing burros
down from the hills on Friday and
locking them np without food or wa
ter so that they could ride them on
Saturday and Sunday. The burros
both?r all the residents by the hee
haws, etc, but that is not a circum-
Lower Floor .
20e
-10
stance to what was done to two of, J 2lrl2J. 0 niri n
the burros. The boys attempted to;Xvffft tjOClcllf
per.crni a surgical operation iutiu
with the result that they have been
wondering around .that vicinity in a
bleeding disgraceful sicbt in the pre-
: sence of women and children, and one -
of the burros evidently died, while,
the other is in a dvine condition
; Steps are being taken to learn the
youths implicated in the acta and
i ,hey w be before the-
ts. It behooves parents in that
vicinity to make an investigation of
their bovs' actions in this matter.
FALSE ALARM.
The fire department was called out
'this morning a few minutes after two
loVlort to answer a rail sent in from
'hm "1 .hirh i I'nner Rnrr Onlch
-- -- .r r " ,
N fire "' found in that locality
nl hA alarm must have been turn-
ed in by some one as the glass was
broken and the door open. Whoever
turned in the alarm pulled the lever
down just a little at first and then
down the full length as the register!
(showed three four first which is the,
High school, and the next was two-1
four. The truck made the run to the
High school first and then up Brewery
liulch
Personal Items
C. C.
Pearce.
Sylvester left last night for
A. Ryan left for Pearce Wednesdav
morning.
. ,-,- . ,j , . , . i
A. aljean has returned from a trip
, T.., l
I
joe uennan len ior raoemx yester j
day morning.
Mrs. Zerado left on the Golden State!
for Phoenix. I
L. E. Cartwright left yesterday fot
' I
it - earce.
1
i . 4V
r. r. -o..ej, ,Ur
neSdaT Tl ! H f
r
W. E. Reeves was an out going pas-
senger for Miami last night.
Mrs. B. Carlton left on the Goulen '
State Limited for Blythe. CaL
M. R Howard left for Miami where'
he intecds to stay for some time. I
j
M. H. GeisekTe left on the east!
bound traiir for Washineton. D. C.
G. H. Dowell was a business visitoi
no Bisbee yesterday from Douglas.
James L. Gannon was in Tombstone; ,n ,ne constructing of several rail
yesterday as a witness in the superior! roa(l3-
court. j Vice presidents of the Arizona Lim-
it society will be named in each
A. W. Black left for Los Angeles j county by the state president, Mr. Sul
last niht on the Golden State Limit-j livan. ' It will be the duty of these
ed. I VK"P presidents to supervise the work
in their respective districts.
T. J. Jones of Phelps-Dodge store! Limit societies are bens appointed
left this morning for El Paso w here
ne will remain.
I
Mrs. R. C. Johnson of Bakerville!
left on the Golden State Limited for:
C. F. Knapp, the attorney, was ini
Tombstone yesterday on business fori
the superior court. I
Mi3S Kate Owens was an out going!
passenger on the Golden State last ,
I
S. H. Thierault. operator at West-!
criu luiuu, ini. u liui uu uic vjvj.u-,
en State Limited for Tucson.
!
W. G. Hubbard returned from I
: 1 . 1 ... ;t.. . K t .1
Phoenix yesterday morning, where heii tneir operations.
has been on a business trip.
Mrs. Luther Butler and daughter.
Mrs. Barbara Owen of Bisbee. are I
Tisitlng Mr. and Mrs. W. N. Mayo ot ;
Douglas. 1
T. O. Borrney. traveling passenger
inspector for the Southern Pacific
company, was in town yesterday from i
Los Angeles.
Perry Epstein of San Francisco was
in town yesterday on business. He is
with the Pacific Coast International
News Service.
Miss Winifred Coombs, stenoeraph-
er at the C A. offices, left on the;she was a Tesge, of 3000 tonsL -nere
Golden tSate for Santa Barbara on a
visit yesterday.
A. E. Blood, inspector for the U. S.
bureau of transportation of explosives
was in the city yesterday on business
connected with his position.
J. Black, a clerk at the Phelps-j
Dodge, left .yesterday 'morning for !
Colorado where he will accept a post-;
tion as a wholesale drummer. j
Eye Nerve Glasses
I give you a service that you can- i
not get elsew here west of Chicago. ' j
No optician (maker of' seller of !
glasses) or optometrist, (a legal
phrase) connected with me. Man?
Bisbee folks are finding that there is
difference and know that they are
more than buying glasses when they
have me fit their eyes. A report is 1
going the rounds that owing to the
inflamability of the "tortoise shell"
rims, tbey are not permitted to wear ' j
them in camp service. In the army
celluloid collars are also prohibited.
Dr. R. GLAZE
OPHTHALMOLOGIST. j
Fjione 156 Over Woolworth't Store
Is Organized to
Promote Thrift
Local workers on the tlirin cam
paign mis In do well to fellow the Ji-
tion taken in
i other parts of the state
:g a Limit society, a
hrnrh of the v.fi.-nni I in.it .'.'ierv
organization.
A story telling of this action print-
j ed in a northern paper will no doubt
prove of iuterest to local people. This'
fMlo-- '
An Arizona Limit sorietv. a branch
the National Limit society organize-
of
tion. has been formed for the promo
tion of the thrift campaign through
out the state and the Hon. J. W. Sulli
van, dean of Arizona cattlemen, has
teen earned president of the organiza-
tion by Secretary of the Treasury M
Adoo on recommeudation of H. R
Tritle. director of war savings in Ari
This organization will have for It,
purpose the supervision of individual!
efforts in all counties of the state. It
will be the society's duty to secure
; pledges from as many individuals as
possible that they will subscribe their
: limit to the thrift movement during
the present year.-
To become members of this organiz
ation, persons must pledge themselves
to purchase the prescribed limited
number of stamps during the year.
' i The treasury department at Washing-
ton has ruled that no individual shall
be permitted to purchase more than
. , , ' . , .
$100X worth of thrift stamps and baby
bends during the year. This limit
has been fixed because of the desire
to make tbe ,hrifl movenM?nt general
amon. ,ii .k- of the rnitwt
! States, rather than having a few of
.h- ...,,. w v. " .-.i5
re tU7 ti
purchase thousands of dollars worth
j of stamps and thus secure all the ben-
..
erits.
Mr. Sullivan
ridely known
is one of the most
cattlemen in Arizona
ir.d is recognized as an authority on
I . . ... ....
e SUDjecl or Blg cuness Hjs ac.
I iuaintance among the cattle and sheep
! men in all the counties of Arizona
makes him a valuable asset to the or-
Jfi1 is Prompting the thrift
"i f?nt mna- He ha,sceen
resident of this sUte since 1S6S and
can be called one of the real pioneers,
James A. Cashion. another promin-
ent cattleman and also known as a
mtT?c!.or' wI.U be
-,r- oumvan in mis big wora. Mr.
Cashion is recognized as one of the
constructive men of Arizona, having
teen prominent in the upbuildrhg o:
various sections and also prominent
in each state of the country. Hon.
tiinu Root is president of the New
York Limit society, and Hon. W. H.
Taft holds a similar position in the
Connecticut state organization.
FIGHT IS BEING WON
Py Review I --used TVIrel
WASHINGTON. Feb. 6. Secretary
Daniels said today the United States
and the allies were winning the fight
against Germany's submarines. -We
are having our ups and downs." he
uui me ugni is Deing won.
' The results of the anti-submarine
,Qmn;rM n. n V. , 1 .1 : 1 i
utigui utrscrnnti as pe li
ilulum-!ike. Mr. Daniels said. 1 it h the
return swing becoming shorter and
shorter as the allies gradually perfect-
The secretary expressed optimism
regarding the conditions at the ports
of debarkation in France. The conges-
uon inere at tirst bad been "awful, he
bt the conditions have been won
""fully improved and contiued irn-
piuveiuem u to De expected.
AMERICAN SHIP SUNK
By Review Leased Wire
XE WYORK, Feb. 6. Word of the
loss of the American steamship Ala-.
mance. owned by the Garland Steam- j
ship Company and the resultant loss
of 42 lives was received in shipping
circles here today. 1
The Alamance, which left New York J
January X7. was torpedoed yesterdav
I off the English coast, it was reported.
were no Americans lost.
Sulphur Stock Highest in theWorld
An offer of $10,000.00 rer share was recently of
fered for the stock of the UNION SULPHUR COM
PANY, in the state of Louisiana, according to an article
which appeared in the SATURDAY EVENING POST.
November 24, 1917, and not a share available.
The stock of the FREEPORT SULPHUR COM
PANY is held on a close market at $750.00 per share,
only two years old. The stock of the WARREN SUL
PHUR COMPANY is now selling at 1 5 cents per share,
with both OIL and SULPHUR ALREADY developed,
ready for the PLANT. The first derrick just completed,
and the machinery orj the way to the property. IF IT
LOOKS GOOD NOW. HOW WILL IT LOOK TO
YOU TWO YEARS HENCE. WITH A PLANT ON
THE PROPERTY PRODUCING TWO OR THREE
THOUSAND TONS OF PURE SULPHUR PER
DAY? ASK YOURSELF THIS QUESTION. CAN
YOU AFFORD TO MISf THIS OPPORTUNITY?
WHEN YOU WAKE UP. CALL AND SEE
F. BRIGGS
Phone 701 LOWELL, ARIZONA Box 3007
GET IN AT 15 CENTS NOW, OR WAIT UNTIL ITS
$15.00. SUIT
Ryan Wires In
His Resignation
As soon as Division Kncineer J. C.
Ryan, also County F.n-ineer leanied
of the i.jipointneiit yesterday of H.
M. Atwood s state eiisineer. he wir
ed that of filial his resignation and
him to it. in other words because
Kvsn had fired Atwood from the
ork over tne Iivi,le a tew years ao
on account of incapacity a.id he knew
that if Atwood had the chanoe he
culd re iiiest his resii
resicnation of hyan lea
open for someone else nu
resignation. The
ves a place ;
ay be. There'
auotlier pnase oi me ase mai .
blt to cause further friction, ro
s
or ;
the oast vear the county prisoners:
that have beeu working on the state:
highway under the direction of Kn j
gineer Ryan as a state official with;
the consent of the board of supervisor;
but now that Ryan has resi-rd there i
promises to be a cimailtneut of th
privilege. i
Yesterday as soon as Vance John-!
son. chainr.an of tie board of super-!
visors, learned of the appointment of'
Atwood and the steps that Ryan had1
taken sent the following telegram to J
the new State Engineer l. M. Atwood: j
"I l.ave been notified today that J.i
C. Ryan Las nnJered you his resigna-l
tion as division engineer for Cochisal
county, if same is accepted by you I
the board of supervisors of Cochise!
ccjnty will insist that county prison
ers at present working cn state high
way be under the direction and super
vision of the county engineer in the!
future. Sizned.
VANCE M. JOHNSON.
Chairman Ilosrd of Supervisors.
Cochise County.
1 V rtf ri its llin rii
I! i J
The United States military forces
have . suffered their lirst heavy loss
Irom the operations of the enemy's j
submarine arm. The British steam-
ship Tuscania. tarrying 2179 I'nitedi
States tro.ips. has been torpedoed and
sunk in the war zone. Eleven hun
dred survivors were landed at Irish
ports and it was feared by officials
in Washington that approximately
i10"0 men have been losL
The complexities of international j
politics affecting the great war havej
been added to by a virt.ial expression
of sympathy from Mexico for Ger-j
many. President enustiano larran
za sent to Emperor William a mes
sage of congratuiatiou and good
wishes of the occasion of the emper
or's fifty-seventh birthday which oc-j
curred January ..:u. according to ad ,
vices reaching Reuter's Limited from
Copenhagen. The Mexican president's
message was couched in flattering
terms, opening with the phrase:
-To your majesty, who celebrates
his anniversary today with just cause
for rejoicing." and .ending with best
wishes for "the prosperity of this
great friendly nation."
King George V. in his speech,
protuguing parliament Weduesday,
reiterated the determination of the
democracies of the worid to continue
warfare against the quadruple a!-,
liance until a just wnd enduring peace '.
could be obtained. The king named
his program as Britain's first aim and
endeavor and placed on Germany the
responsibility for provoking the war.
He also expressed his hope for 4
solution of the Irish problem, which
is a new evidence from the ruler that
the government is subordinating a'.l
internal jealousies and frictions to the
larger task of knitting every resource
of the empire for a successful mili
tary program.
Artillery activity continues on the
British. Frenc!. Italian and Ameri-.
can fronts, but aside from this the
Gyrations have been confined to pa-
r
DANCE
EAGLE HALL
EVERY
WEDNESDAY AND
SATURDAY
EVENING
8:30
(F. O. E. 175)
If
SHAWS ORCHESTRA
& COMPANY
YOURSELF.
Occupy Home
In Warren
G. H. Dowell. general manager of
the Copper Queen branch of the
i'helps-Iwdge corporation, was in lis
bee wt"rday where he went to confer
w ith Pres. Walter lKuzlas w ho arrived
with Mrs. Douglas yesterday from Cal
ifornia. Mr. lKieU expi-ts to remove
his honve from this city to Warren dur
ing the V.tier part of this month, occu
Vyinjf the Walter Douglas residence in
the ""city beautiful."' It was tirst stal
ed that Mr. liowell would build a houie
in Warren, but this was given up when
it was arranged tor mm 10 occupy tne;
home where .Mr. and Mrs. Douglas
have resided since it was bui'.l until
they went to make iheir home in New
York some two years ngo.
The citizens of Douglas will very
much regret to give up Mr. and Mrs.
Dowell as residents, as they have been
of real worth since coming here to re
side, active in all civic matters and
prominent in the advancement of the
Methodist church, of which they are
members. They will carry with them
to Warren the best wishes of this com-'
munity and they will always be wel
come on their visits here which it-is
hoped will be frequeut. IViuglas In
ternational. trol and aerial attacks. The French j
war announced -the destruction ofi
fourteen enemy airplanes during Feb-1
rarv 3 and 4. and three February
5. and Italian headquarters reports
the bringing down of five hostile wa-(
chines. Ilerlin says seven enemy air-;
planes and one captive balloon were'
shot down Tuesday. j
Entente merchantmen sunk by mine
cr submarine duriug the last week ,
totalled nineteen, of which fifteen
were British, three French and oni
Italian.
In Finland, government troops hav
won a victory over the revolutionary;
red guard in the taking of I'leabors.
cn the Gulf of Bothnit. the chief tr.lii-:
tary depot for the Rjsslans in north-'
era" Finland. Its loss, according to
military observers, means that the
whole of northern Finland soon will
be in the possession of the govern
ment troops.
R. Keller of this city is spending a
few days in Tucson.
Baptist Carretto was in Tombstone
yesterday on business.
Mrs. F. A. Hogue was in the city
yesterday or a visit to friends.
PEVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS
''cleaning, PRESSING
REPAIRING.
CENTRAL
TAILORS
NELSON A. JOHNSON, Prop.
SUITS MADE TO ORDER
Fourth Door Below Hillman'a Cigar
Stand.
Phone 1-2 3 Main St, Lowell J
s. y
Nobody's Hard to Fit in
Hart Schaffner &
Marx Clothes
For men who think they're hard to fit. we have a
way of showing you how easy it is. Hart Schaffner
& Marx have made a scientific study of the subject;
and have provided us with suits in sizes and dimen
sions to fit every man. Designed with perfect lines for
every figure.
Big men. tall men, short stout men. extra tall, slen
der men. tall, stout men; stoop - shouldered, sloping
shouldered, round or square shouldered; your size is
here. We have a big stock of these "odd sized" clothes;
the best you'll find.
NEXT CHALLENGER
iFv Review Leaved Wire
CHICAGO. Feb. 6. Robert L. Can
nefnx of St. Louis will be the next
challenger in a world's championship
three-cushion billiard match. He tiled
his challenge tonight ud as soon i
the IV Oro-Kieckhefer match has been
concluded definite dates will be set tor
Cannefax to play the winner. Pieni
Maupone, of Cleveland, will follow
Cannefax as challenger.
ITALIAN SHIPPING LOSSES
ROME. Feb. The Italian shipping
losses by mine or submarine in the
week ending February 2 were very
light, only one steamer under 1600 tons
being sunk.
THIS IS A STORE FOR THE
BUSY MAN.
who want to be waited on prompt
ly and served courteously and
gien full money's worth for mo
ney spent a store that means to
give the same attention whether
the purchase is large or small a
store always ready to take back
goods and hand hack money with
no cross looks. We want you to
judge this store by its services, not
by its promises. "Doing is " the
great t).nc.- JOE DICK STEIN
Men's Furnishers and Clothiers
Main next to Bisbee Review.
"The Store With a Conscience,"
.THE.
OF
MATERIAL
TOGETHER WITH THE
BEST OF SERVICE AND
TREATMENT AND OUR
PRICE IS NO MORE.
EVERYTHING. IN THE
BUILDING LINE
Gibson -Hines
Lumber Co.
J. W. F. SMITH
Phone 83 Manager
BEST
W. tS-