IS
OS
POTTO
WEATHER
Tuesday cloudy, with
snow, rain south, east
and south portions.
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 31, 1918.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOL. 21, NO. 199.
3
1i
i
COVENANT OF
ALLIES
raiT
itiii
Chief Executive Welcomed
Into Manchester by Crowds
Which Confer Freedom of
City on American Visitor
Audiences Absorb His Utter
ances Under s tandin gly ;
Party Inspects Inland Docks
Where Shipping Cheers
MANCHESTER, Dec. 30, (By the j
Associated Press.) The people o; ;
. . . . , . j a .
.wancnester maae iresiaeni iisun ai
ORB
freeman of their city today. They ( ,a!t xhursday wlu be paid President
did more than that; they made him at j Wilson when he sails from Dover for
home. Calais at 11 o'clock tomorrow morn-
It seemed as though all the men, wo-, Jng H,8 train -m be taken direct to
men and children of the town, ana j tne" admiralty pier and admiralty
many from Lancashire-at-large, cheer- J guards ill be waiting. The return
ed the president at some stage of the . trip across the channel will he made
crowded five hours in which he made ! on tne Brighton, the same steamer j
a sort of democratic royal progress on w hich the president came to Eng
from one point of interest to another, j ian j liritish destroyers will escort
which was strenuous enough and vast i tne president's ship to mid-channel, j
enougn to exnausi even me narnesi here it will be met. Dy t-Tencn ae
campaigners. j stroyers, which will accompany it to
The general atmosphere was mti- i
mate and friendly; often the people
got near enough to shake hands. Even
the ceremony of conferring the free
dom of the city had a tone of homely
simplicity and seemed more like a col
lege commencement than a formally
staged ritual. The assembly sang "For j
he s a jony uooa r euow, wmcn : palace. He was cneerea oy jmec
could hardly have occurred at a state j numbers of persons, who were pro
banquet in the Guild tall. j ceeding homeward from business.
Open Largest Hall Otherwise there was no demonstra-
It was a happy Inspiration that led j
the aldermen to throw open the larg-
est tall in the city, instead of follow-!
ing custom by holding the ceremony j
in the municipal chamber. This by ;
no means reduced the effect of the
important speech the president de-; jn (he Italian capital Friday. Kome
livered. I is to be the only city in Italy the
His most important pronouncement,' president will visit. He expects to be
perhaps, to Englishmen, which he has away from Paris a week, returning
made in England, that the United : there a w eek from pext Tuesday.
States would make no covenant with j Guest of Government
any powers except one with air the i While in Rome, the president will
powers, was not lost upon his hearers. ' be the guest of the Italian govern
No other audience during his Euro- ment. It seems certain now that he
pean appearances has absorbed the will visit Pope Benedict and also will
nrpsident's utterances so eaeerlv. so mil nt the Methodist college.
understandingly, and has so quickly By the time the president returns
responded to every point. No other to Paris from Italy, the British dele
audience has resembled so noticeably gation to the peace conference will
the character and types of people to have arrived, it is expected. The pre
whom the president has been ac- j liminary conferences may then be in
customed to speak at home. sight and the preliminary organiza-
Perhaps this was because Lancash-j ticn work of the American peace mis
Ire has contributed so many citizens i 6ion will have been completed.
to the United States and has such
close industrial connections and fol-
lows American affairs with keener In-!
terest than most English counties.
Greeted at Inland Docks
The first item in the day's program
,-as a drive to the famous docks which j
have made Manchester an inland port.
Here the shipping extended a beflag
ged and vociferous greeting to the
president, while the workmen from all
the big warehouses and factories
around hung from the windows and
stood on the roofs. Part of the drive
was through the poorer districts,
where a few of the children were too
poor even to have bought American I
flags to wave. j
Later the president made a brief
appreciative speech from the balcony j
of the Royal exchange.
Finally he took lunch with 200 1
nrnminent men in the Midland hotel. I
where he made an acknowledgment
of Manchester's hospitality.
Only the weather was unfriendly to
day. It was gray and thick, with in
tervals of rain, but that is typical of
the season in the midlands, and it
kept nobody indoors. Merchants,
workmen, farmers, soldiers, with
countless thousands of women and
children stood in the streets and rush
ed from point to point for-a glimpse
(Continued on Page Two)
BAN ON GERMAN WOMEN
COrLENZ, Sunday, Dec. 29 (By the Associated Press). An order
has been issued to the American soldiers trat an officer or soldier who
speaks to a German woman does so at the risk of court martial.
The dinner hour in Coblenz. and throughout the American zone of
occupation, has been advanced from one to two hours. In restaurants
and hotels the evening meal now Is eaten without music. These changes
are regarded as necessary, because of the recent American order that
the sale and gift of light wines be prohibited except within crtain hours
In the evening.
Several days of the operation of restricted regulations has produced
some mumbling by the Germans. There has been no open protest, but
many of the people appear to be mystified as to the reasons for the
chanre in the American attitude, as it seems they believed that the
Americans would not be so strict as the British or French. In addition,
propseandists huve been (MHgent in urging the people to be friendlr to
the Americans, in the apparent hope that an attitude of friendliness
might have some effect on the peace negotiations. The prohibition of
the sale of alcoholic Honors of any kind and the restrictions on light
w-ines has upset the ordinary routine of the Germans, and has resulted
in some cafes closing, in the discharge of restaurant orchestras and in
grocery stores withdrawing toks from their windows.
PRESIDENT vili
pi in QUI m IN
rLH,roFMPHf!flPTai
I iili.uii uni iint
: Leaves New Year' Night forj
i Itlay to Remain Ten Days; j
Plans Returning to United
! Stales About February 10
PARIS. Dec. 30 (By the Associated j
Press). Fresident Wilson plans tof
spend New Year's day in Paris and,
leave for Italy New Year's night. He
will return from Italy about January!
10, when the interallied conference;
will assemble.
It is generally understood that the
president will remain in Europe for
about a month after his return from!
Italy and that he will take passage lor
America about February 10.
pLAN ELABORATE FAREWELL
Ry Review t-easea wire)
DOVER. Dec. 30 Honors similar
- - - - :..!
Calais. An aerial escort has been ar-
ranged for the entire voyage.
ARRIVES IN LONDON
lEv Review Leased Wire)
LONDON, Dec. 30. President Wil
son arrived in London at 7:15 p. m.,
an(j immediately went to Buckingham
tj0Ili as the time of the arrival of the j
presidential train w as not known to .
the, public. j
President Wilson will go directly to !
itaiv ;rom paris. He will leave Paris ;
for Rome Wednesday night, arriving f
Farewell Dinner
The farewell dinner given in
the
state dining room at Buckingham pal
ace tonight by King George and King
Mary, in honor of President ilson
and Mrs. Wilson, was a private func
tion. There was no procession into
the dining room, which was decorated
with yellow, and there were no
speeches or toasts. The grenadier
guards band played during the dinner,
but no national anthems were ren
dered. Those who 6at down to dinner were
the king and queen, President Wilson
and Mrs. Wilson, Princess Mary.
Prince Henry, Prince George, the Duke
of Connaught. John W. Davis, the
American ambassador; the Duke and
Dutchess of Abercorn, Lord and Lady
Cavendish. Viscount and Viscountess
Acheson, Vicsount Astor, Admiral Sir
Stanley Colville and Lady Colville
Sir Ronald Graham and Lady Grahom,
Miss Edith Beiu'iam. Mrs. Wilson s sec
retary; Rear Admiral Grayson, U. S.
N.; Brigadier General William H.
Harts. U. S. A.; the Dutchess of Suth
erland, the Dowager Countess of Air
lie, Viscount Farquhar, lord steward
to the king, and Lord Stamfordham.,
private secretary to the king.
Plans for Departure
President Wilson and Mrs. Wilson
(Continued on I'age Two)
Warren District
Is Being Good
Bisbee. Lowell and Warren have
been on their good behavior since
December 19. On thit date Justice
of the Peace J. L. Winters of Lo
well, who during the absence of
Justice of the Peace M. E. High is
the only magistrate in the Warren
district, tried the last criminal
complaint to be brought before
him.
"Prior to and including Decern-
her 19, I tried 34 criminal cases,"
said Judge Winters. "On the llnh i
criminal infractions seemed to '
cease with a suddenness which can J
be termed surprising. I hope to
complete 1918 without trying an-
other criminal case."
To make the contrast between ,
existing conditions and former ;
times ever more marked, not a sin- J
gle arrest was made by the city j
police of Bisbee over Saturday
night and Sunday. The jail stood
j empty yesterday and Acting-Judge ,
? Barney Norton held no court.
Ml -WAR SPEECH
TO DEFEAT BONDS
Rev. Irwin St. John Tucker on
Stand, Declares He Wrote
Advertisement Aimed to
Defeat Government Plans
(By Review I-eaiied Wire)
CHICAGO, Dec. 30 In the trial of
the five socialist leaders charged with
conspiracy to violate the espionage i
law. Rev. Irwin St. Jonn lucner, a
defendant, occupied the stand the
greater pari of the day.
He admitted authorship of various
anti-war pamphlets which were dis
tributed by the millions by the social
ist tmrtv hut said he received no roy
alty fnr his work. He alsa admitted;
having delivered a large number of
anti-war speeches attributed -to him!
by the government. While being
cross-examined by District Attorne
Clyne in regard to radical statements
alleged to have been niatle at differ
ent times. Tucker said:
"I don't remember whether I said
that or not, but that is what I thought
and if I did not say It I wish I had."
Wrote Infamous Advertisements.
The witness admitted having writ
ten the advertisement published for
weeks in the Amercan Socialist in
which readers were advised not to
buy Liberty bonds.
"Were you opposed to the sale of
Liberty bonds?" asked District At
torney Clyne.
"1 most certainly was," replied
Tucker.
The witness admitted having stated
in a speech that men appealing for
army recruits were like the trained
steer at the stockyards that leads
cattle to slaughter.
Rev. A. II. W. Anderson, rector of
a Chicago Episcopal chprch, wan
(Continued on Pa Two)
GOVERNOR THOMAS E. CAMPBELL GIVES ARIZONA PRESS
FIRST PARTIAL LIST OF HIS STATE
Miss Elsie Toles, of Tomb
stone, and C F. Philbrook,
of Bisbee, Named to Places
on Board of Education
Citizens of Cochise county were
generously awarded places in the
personnel of officers to be named
soon by Gov Thomas E. Campbell,
: announcements of which were
maade yesterday. Miss Elsie
Toles of Tombstone, and C. F.
Philbrook of Bisbee, will be
named members of the state
board of education. Others named
by Governor Campbell for appoint
ments which will be made by the
state government follow:
Commisison of state institutions
Andrew Baumert, Phoenix; Lloyd B.
Christy, Flagstaff; third member
(democrat) not yet chosen.
Superintendent state prison G. G.
Powell, Florence.
State examiner Chas. W. Fairfield,
Win slow.
Inspector weights and measures
Chas. F. Price. Mesa.
Superintendent pioneers' home F.
S. Ingalls. Tuma.
Superintendent public health Dr.
Geo. B. Goodrich. Phoenix.
Superintendent Industrial school
J. H. Larsen. Thatcher.
State employment aent Jno. F.
White, Phoenix.
BOMBS DAMAGE SENATOR FLAYS
i - .
pESHCES Ur MUM il)K
HiGSi OFFICERS TAKING CABLES j
! .
Hater of "Soldiers, Judges,
Priests and Parasites"
Wrecks Homes Widely Sep
arated in Philadelphia
(By Keview Leased Wire)
PHILADELPHIA. Dec. 30. The
hoaies of Justice Robert von Mosch
zisker, of the state supreme court;
Judge James E. Gorman of the munici
pal court, and acting Superintendent
of Police Mills, located in widely sepa
rated sections of the city were dam
aged by bomb3 late tonight. In each
instance shrapnel bombs were used
and the force of the explosion was
so great that all the occupants of the
house were hurled from their beds,
No one was seriously injured.
The home of Justice, von Moschzis
ker was wrecked by the explosion
which shattered nearly every window
in the block. Mrs. William G. Knowles.
wife of Judge Knowles, of the munici
pal court, who live9 across the street
from Justice von Moshzisker, was In
jured by the- flying shrapnel. Mrs.
von Moschzisker was struck on the
head with fragments of the bomb but
was not badly hurt.
Acting Superintendent Mills, who
lives in an apartment in West Phila
delphia, was blown from his bed but
escaped with minor cuts and bruises.
Scraps of paper found in front of
the Mills home expressed hatred of
soldiers, judges, priests and parasites.
They declared that these classes of
men subsisted upon the "stealings
from brothels' and that their reign
was at an end.
The police were at a loss to explain
the explosions. Details of police were
hurried to the tomes of United States
Senator Penrose, Mayor Smith, the
judges of the federal courts and other
prominent citizens, for fear they also
might be attacked.
The police expressed the belief that
tombs had been set off by men who
came here from New York.
Justice von Moscbztsker estimated
tiie damage to his residence at about
$150,000.
The third explosion. It developed
later, was not at the home of Judge
Gorman, but at that of Ernest T.
Trigg, president of the Philadelphia
Chamber of Commerce, who lives next
door. The police are confident, tow
ever, that the bomb was intended for
the judge's residence.
COLORADO "LEGISLATURE
NOW RAPIDLY FORMING
Pv It "view I.ease-1 Wlr?)
DENVER. Colo., Dec. 30. Represen
tative Allyn Cole of Lamar, was given
the unanimous endorsement of the re
publican members for speaker of the
house of the Colorado legislature in a
conference of the republicans today.
The republicans control the house and
Mr. Cole's election is conceded.
In the state senate, which is con
trolled by the democrats, a contest is
anticipated for president pro tem be
tween Senator John J. Tobin of the
Seventeenth district and Senator Wil
liam H. Adams of Alamosa.
Three Governors51 p""? ?"ces
Of Southwest to
Take Seats Soon
Wilhin the next month, three gov
ernors of southwestern states will
take office, two of them for the first
time, one for the first elective term.
Next Wednesday, O. A. Larrazola
will take office as the governor of
New Mexico, and one of the most
elaborately punctillious celebrations
ever held iu the southwest will mark
his installation.
On the Monday following January
6 Thomas E. Campbell, the first re
publican governor in Arizona since
I statehood became a fact, will be
i sworn in.
' The governor of Texas will not be
j installed until January 21. W. P.
j Hobby, encumbent, will then be in
: stalled, succeeding himself, but taking
(Continued on Page Two)
Dairy commissioner W. A. Barr,
Phoenix.
State veterinarian Dr. R. J. Hight.
Tempe.
Sheep sanitary board W. F. Pur
cell. St. Johns; Chas. E. Burton, Ash
Fork; J. G. Hammons. Phoenix.
Honor Cochiie Resident
Members state board of education
Fisie Toles, Tombstone, superlnten-
Hitchcock of Nebraska Reads
Letter From Postmaster
General Defining Seizure of
. Marine Lines; Discussion
(Iiy Review Leased Wire)
. WASHINGTON, Deo. Mo. Criticism
of Postmaster General Burleson for
taking over the marine cables after
the signing of the armistice was re
newed today in the senate. Senator
Hitchcock of Nebraska, chairman of
the foreign relations committee, pre
cipitated the discussion after present
ing a letter from Mr. Burleson in
which the postmaster general denied
that he bad exceeded his authority
and asserted . that the order taking
over the cables had been signed by
the president November 2.
Senator Hitchcock said the postmas
ter general had come "very close to
breaking faith with congress" and
that he was not justified in taking
over the cables after hostilities
ceased. He also accused Mr. Burleson
of suppressing the order for some
time.
Senator Watson, republican, of Indi
ana, charged that the date on the or
der had originally been fixed at No
vember 14, but because of the signing
of the armistice sooner than expected,
it was changed to November 2.
Says Date Was Changed
"When the order was made," said
Senator Watson, "the date was first
put down as November 14, the armis
tice having been signed on the 11th
of that month. Afterwards, the date
was erased and November 2 was in
serted. I nave every reason to believe
that that fact is susceptible of proof.
The object of it is apparent without
comment."
Senator Kellogg of Minnesota, re
publican, said he had been informed
the order was Bigned by the president
on November 2, but it was not counter
signed by the secretary of state and it
waa "never published or exhibited to
any one until after the war had closed
and the armistice been signed.
"Even the date when it was exhibit
ed to one of the telegraph companies
was blank and the order was never
made before the signing of the armis
tice," Senator Kellogg declared.
In his letter to Senator Hitchcock,
Mr. Burleson sai'd:
Burleson Defends Action
"Of course, my dear senator, no one
knows better than you that a public
official is not called upon to notice
the mouthings of irresponsible blather
skites who may criticize or misrep
resent his official actions, but when a
critical statement is made by a a sen
ator of the United States, it not only
justifies but calls for response.
"Of course, it is not true that I have
of my own will ruthlessly seized and
taken possession of these cables; of
course it is not true that I have taken
possession of them Just to gratify my
personal convictions, personal opinion
and personal wishes; of course It js
not true that 1 have reached out to
control business activities the con
gress did not Intend to put into my
(Continued on Pae Two)
APPOINTMENTS
main to Be filled; Remain-
ing Appointments Antici
pated With Arrival of 1919
dent Cochise county schools; H. E.
Matthews, Mesa, superintendent Mesa
high school; C. F. Philbrook. Bisbee,
superintendent Bisbee city schools.
Appointments yet to be announced
Include the oftice of state engineer,
game warden, superintendent state
hospital for insane, commission of ag
riculture and horticulture, eight re
gents of the state university, Tempe,
and Northern Arizona normal school
boards, live stock sanitary board,
state fair commission, boards of den
tal and medical examiners, and the
members of the state council of de
fense. In his statement given to the press
today Campbell announced that he had
tendered the position of adjutant gen
eral to Col. E. P. GrinBtead. now with
the 15Sth Infantry in France. Camp
bell's statement contained the asser
tion that "it is understood that Col.
GrinBtead will accept and be assigned
to Arizona."
To Recommend Changes
Campbell announced that there
would be no appointments made to the
offices of state inspector of apiaries
and state historian, it being bis inten-
(Cont('iM on rje Two)
Twenty -Six Seek
Government Job
Twenty-six applications have been
filed with 1'nited States Marshal
Joe Dillon for the appointment as
deputy to fill the vacancy created
by the resignation cf James F. Mc-.
Dcna'd, sheriff-elect. So great has
been the flood of applications from
this district that Mr. Dillon will be
compelled to come to F.isbee short
ly after the New Year ti settle the
question on the ground.
Ever siive the November elec
tion, when McDonald's victory
made it certain that the deputyship
would be vacant, applications have
been showering upon the United
States marshal at the rate of one,
two or more each week until the
startling total of 26 had accumu
lated. Many of the candidates are
said to have endorsement of men
having more or less weight iiv
politics.
It was reported among friends of
the United States marshal yester
day that lie would arrive here
either toward the end of this week
or the first part of next week.
PEACE MEETINGS
French Diplomat Declares
Germany and Allies Will
Not Be Admitted; Peace
Talk Rife in Paris
(By Review Leased TV Ire)
PARIS, Dec. 30. The central pow
ers will not be admitted to the peace
congress early in the negotiations, ac
cording to an outline given the Midi
by a French diplomat who ia engaged
in framing the program of the pre
liminaries to the congress.
PEACE TALK ACTIVE. .
PARIS, Dec. 30. This has been the
most active day's discussion in peace
conference circles since the Ameri
can delegation arrived as the declara
tions of Premier Clemenceau and For
eign Minister Pichon in the chamber
of deputies last night gave a rallying
point in a form of the first official
announcement on the plans of the
French government.
The statements disclosed that
France had determined upon its line
of action on practically all the ques
tions involved, including a society of
nations, on which M. Pichon said the
details were being formulated.
British and French Agree.
Premier Clemenceau's statement on
the freedom of the seas was the first
announcement from a high authorita
tive source. This was accepted as
showing that the British and French
viewpoints were in accord. M. Clem
enceau's reference to his talks with
President Wilson Indicated that they
had tended to bring out the signifi
cance of the French premier's previ
ous conversations with the British
prime minister regarding the action
of the British fleet during the war.
without which he admitted France
could not have continued the war, as
well as his favorable attitude toward
the future British fleet.
The sentiment prevails in confer
ence circles here that the American
attitude will not become definite
until further knowledge is obtained
concerning the conversations between
President Wilson, Premier Clemen
ceau and Premier Lloyd George.
M. Clemenceau's overwhelming ma
jority on the vote of confidence in
the chamber of deputies makes him
a commanding figure in France, sim
ilar to that of Lloyd George as a re
sult of the British elections. It is ex
pected that the names of the French
peace delegates will soon be an
nounced as a result of the strong sup
port given to the cabinet.
BRITISH VISIT FRANCE.
PARIS, Dec. 30. American dele
gates to the peace congress received
word today that A. J. Balfour, the
(Continued on Pase Two)
CENTRAL POWERS
ARE BARRED FROM
COPPER OUTLOOK DARK
TUCSON. Ariz.. Dec. 30. Arizona mine operators, in meeting here
today, were inclined to belief that curtailment of operations would be
come necessary in the face of from eight hundred million to a billion
pounds of surplus copper, but decided, that In view of the vital interest of
employes, further time would be given to investigation of the situation.
Information from other copper states Indicated their operators are equally
uncertain as to steps to be taken.
Developments attending the early January action of the copper metal
market are expected to give light that will enable action along uca
lines as will best protect workmen and copper mine shareholders. Both
would suffer greatly from complete suspension of copper production, an
outcome that will probably only be averted by early curtailment of present
rate of output, which also means reduction in employment.
Federal administrators Davies and Meyera were here today, but
said they had no advices from Washington enabling them to adviae the
meeting as to government metal consumption probabilities, and therefore,
were unable to take any part in the meeting.
The approximate figures used in arriving at estimates of surplus
copper were gathered by Secretary J. E. Curry of the Arizona chapter of
th American Mining Congress from Washington and producers sourcea.
U. S. HEEDS
GREAT NM
IP TRIBUNAL
PLANS FAIL
Secretary Daniels Tells House
Naval Committee Unless
League Is Perfected, Incom
parable Fleet Is Inevitable
America Will Still Rank Sec
ond in Naval jStrength to
England With Completion
of Year's Building Program
(By Review Lased Wire)
WASHINGTON, Dec. 30. Unless a
league of nations or other tribunal
that will make certain the limitation
of international armament is estab
lished, the United States must build
the greatest navy in the world. Secre
tary Daniels today told the house
naval committee.
"It is my firm conviction." declared
the secretary, "that if the conference
at Versailles does not result in a gen
eral agreement to put an end to naval
building on tne part of all the na
tions, then the United States must
bend her will and bend her energies,
must give her men and give her money
to the task of the creation of incom
parably tne greatest navy ia the
world."
With the completion of the proposed
new three-year building program, add
ing ten dreadnaughts, six batle cruis
ers, ten scout cruisers and 130 smaller
craft to the fleet, America Btill will
rank second in naval strength to Great
Britain, said the secretary, who ap
peared before the committee to make
his final recommendations for the
1920 naval bill which the committee
is considering.
President Backs Policy.
"Does the president back the policy
to make us the first naval power in
the world V asked Representative
Kelley of Michigan.
"Yes, if competitive building is to
continue," said Mr. Daniels. "We are
easily the second naval power, but
this program will not make us the
first."
The naval secretary said that if a
league of nations is established.
America must provide a large part
of a world police force necessary to
enforce the league's decrees. He
added, however, that with such a
league formed it would not be neces
sary to carry out the full construction
program, and asked the committee to
include in the bill legislation em
powering the president to stop con
struction at his discretion if an in
ternational agreement should make
limitation of armament a certainty.
"I would like to let the world know
that we are tremendously interested
in the president's proposition for re
duction of armament." declared the
secretary.
Want More Wooden Vessels.
In reducing from 'J200.000.u00 to
$35,000,000, the amount asked for
work on the new building program
during the year beginning next July,
Secretary Daniels said that some
further construction was necessary
"because we want some more modern
vessels in our police force."
Mr. Daniels gave the committee a
report showing the relative strengths
of the navies of the leading nations
of the world. Figures Tor the Jap
anese navy were not available, it was
said.
Great Britain has in operation or
building 61 battleships. 13 battle cruis
ers. 31 heavy cruisers. 111 light cruis
ers, 216 patrol and gunboats. 409 de
stroyers, 219 submarines, 98 torpedo
(Continued on Pairs Two) TWO
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW. TUESDAY, DECEMBER 31, 1918.
U. S. NEEDS GREAT
NAVY IF TRIBUNAL
PLANS FAIL
(Continued Irom race One)
boats. 32 flotilla leaders. 220 airships
and 897 miscellaneous ships.
The United States, with the second
largest navy in the world, has built
or projected 39 battleships, 6 battle
cruisers, 8 armored cruisers, 40 light
cruisers, 342 destroyers, 181 subma
rines, 15 coast torpedo destroyers, 17
torpedo boats and 569 other vessels.
France has 29 battleships. 21 cruis
ers, 20 light cruisers, 92 destroyers,
121 torpedo boats, 70 submarines, 39
airships and 183 other craft.
Italy Has Small Craft.
Italy hag 18 battleships, 7 cruisers,
10 light cruisers, 5 monitors, 15 flo
tilla leaders, 64 destroyers, 83 torpedo
boats, 85 submarines, 30 airships and
442 miscellaneous ressels.
Russia, before quitting the wr, had
IS battleships. 30 battle cruisers, 13
heavy and 9 .light cruisers, 128 de
stroyers, 54 submarines, 13 torpedo
boats, 14 airships and 90 miscel
laneous vessels.
Before the armistice was signed
Germany had 47 battleships, 6 battle
cruisers, 51 otaer cruisers, 223 de
stroyers, 175 torpedo boats, 243 sub
marines and 564 miscellaneous ves
sels. Besides the reduction for the new
building program, the secretary sub
mitted new estimates reducing the
total asked for the navy during the
next year to $995,903,000. The original
estimates submitted to congress,
drawn while the war was in progress,
totalled J2.664.307.000. Pay Of the
navy under the new estimates will
amount to $211,000,000. The secretary
recommended no permanent increase
in personnel, but asked for a tempo
rary increase to 250.000 men until
after the peace conference, when a
definite policy as to the permanent
establishment cap be found. A huge
increase In personnel was contemplat
ed if the war had continued, the esti
mates originally calling for 579.946.
The principal reductions included
the elimination of the following items:
Many targe Reductions.
New batteries, $115,000,000; torpe
does and appliances. $125,000,000, and
reserve ordnance supplies, $77,609,442.
Reductions were made in all the items
remaining in the bill, the most im
portant being ordnance, $21,044,000;
provisions, $141,553,000; naval emerg
ency fund, $115,145,000; medical de
partment. $3,750,000: repairs. $37.-!
600.000; engineering, $35,000,000.
The principal amounts recommend
ed include aviation, $36,000,000; ord
nance, $53,955,000; provisions. $57.
790,000; emergency fund. $61,865,000;
medical department, $3,750,000; re
pair of ships, $37,500,000, and engi
neering, $35,000,000.
In urging the adoption by congress
of the new three-year building pro
gram. Secretary Daniels said the pro
gram was "conservative." He also
said that construction of big ships, de
layed during the war so that small
craft to fight submarines could be
SPANISH INEUENZA A NEW NAME
FOR AN OLD FAMILIAR DISEASE
Simply the Same Old Grip That Has Swept Over
World Time and Again. The Last Epidemic
in the United States Was in 1889-90
ORIGIN OF THE DISEASE
Spanish Influenza, which appeared
in Spain in May, has swept over the
world in numerous epidemics as rar
back as history runs. Hippocrates re
fers to an epidemic in 412 B. C, which
is regarded by many to have been in
fluenza. Every century hag had its at
tacks. Beginning with 1S31, this coun
try has had five epidemics, the last in
1SS9-90.
THE SYMPTOMS
Grip, or influenza, as it is now call
ed, usually begins with a chill, fol
lowed by aching, feverishness and
sometimes nausea ond dizziness, and a
general feeling of weakness and de
pression. The temperature is from
100 to 104, and the fever usually lasts
from three to five days. The germs at
tack the mucous membrane, or lining
of the air passages nose, throat and
bronchial tubes there is usually a
hard cough, especially bad at night,
often times a sore throat or tonsilitis,
and frequently all the appearances ot
a severe head cold.
THE TREATMENT
Go to bod at the first symptoms, not
only for your own sake, but to avoid
spreading the disease to others take
a purgativ, eat plenty of nourishing
food, remain perfectly quiet and don't
worry. Quinine, Aspirin or Dover's
Powder, etc., may be administered by
tbe physician's directions to relieve
the aching. But there is no cure oi
specific lor influenza the disease
must run its course. Nature herself
will throw off the attack if only you
keep up your strength. The chief
danger lie in the complications which !
may arise. Influenza so weakens the '
bodily resistance that there is danger j
of pneumonia or bronchitis develop-'
ins. and sometimes inflammation of
the ltii.lj'u ear, or heart affections.;
For thr,e reasons, it is very important
that the patient remain in bed until!
his strsngth returns stay in bed at
least two days or more alter the fever
lias left you, or if you are over 00 or ;
jjot strong, stay ia bed four days or
-Jtiore. according to the severity of the
attack. j
EXTERNAL APPLICATIONS
la order to stimulate the lining of
the air passages to throw off the j
trip germs, to aid in loosening the j
phlegm and keeping (he air passages
open, thus making the breathing eas- j
ier, Yick's Vapoitub will be found ef
fective. Hot, wet towels should lc
applied over the throat, chest and
hack bet ween the shoulder blades to
open the pores. Then Vapoitub should ,
ba rubbed in over the parts until the I
built, will be pushed as rapidly as
possible.
Must Have Police Force.
"It is our duty to consider the obli
gations Imposed upon America If the
peace conference now occupied at
Versailles completes its work con
structively and satisfactorily as we all
hope it will do." said Mr. Daniels.
"Let us assume that this conference
will give birth to some plan looking
toward a concert of the nations for
the maintenance of peace. It will be
some manner of body to which differ
ing nations will perforce submit their
differences for adjudication and
which will be sufficiently powerful to
induce acceptance of its decisions
when once they Bhall be made. Back
of that must lie a tremendous police
power, capable of compelling the dis
putants to accept the decisions of the
arbitrators.
"It seems self-evident that a world
police must be established to achieve
this purpose, no matter what the con
stitution or plan of operation of the
peace league may be. The world
police will be very largely naval. If
the United States is to "participate
in such a movement it must partici
pate upon a scale commensurate with
wealth, intelligence, great population
and scientific attainments. Any lesser
strength or any detail of perfection
than that of any other member of the
league would be undignified and un
worthy of a nation so generously en
dowed as the United States. "
Power to Protect.
Referring to the possible failure of
establishment of a league the secre
tary said that America, in protecting
small nations and preserving the free
dom of the seas, "must have a navy
as powerful as that of any nation in
the world.
"America is committed to the prom
ise of entering into a general and
genuine plan for the reduction of
armaments," concluded the secretary.
"If the outcome of the peaee confer
ence shall be that all nations will
concur in this' idea then the United
States will gladly join them in the
worthy plan. But if such an agree
ment cannot be shortly arranged then
we here in America must accept the
burden which the failure automatical
ly will thrust upon us and meet it by
adding such units to our navy as will
secure our own safety and aid in the
protection of the world."
CENTRAL POWERS
ARE BARRED FROM
PEACE MEETINGS
(Continued from Page One"
British foreign secretary, would pass
through Paris today on his way to
southern France for a fihort rest.
Premier Lloyd George, it was added,
also will go to Southern France in a
few days.
The statement made by Premier
Lloyd George iii London that the
inter-allied conference would assemble
in Paris at the end of the second week
in January is in accordance with the
plans of President Wilson who, it is
understood, will return from Italy for
the
skin is red, spread on thickly and
covered with two thicknesses of hot
flannel cloths. Leave the clothm
loose around the neck as the heat of
tbe body liberates the ingredients in
the form ot vapors. These vapors,
inhaled with each breath, carry the
medication directly to the parts affect
ed. At the same time, VapoRub is ab
sorbed through and stimulates the
skin, attracting t'ue blood to the sur
face, and thus aids in relieving the
congestion within.
NO OCCASION FOR PANIC
There is no leason for panic in
fluenza itself has a very low percent
age of fatalities not over one death
out of every four hundred cases, ac
cording to the N. C. Board of Health.
The chief danger lies in complications
arising, attacking principally patients
in a run down condition those who
don't go to bed soon enough, or those
who get up too early.
HOW TO AVOID . THE DISEASE
Evidence seems to prove that this is
a germ disease, spread principally by
human contact, chiefly through cough
ing, sneezing or spitting. So avoid
ing crowds common drinking cups,
roller towels, etc. Keep up your bod
ily strength by plenty of exercise in
the open air and good food.
KEEP FREE FROM COLDS.
Above all, keep free from colds, as
colds irritate the lining of the air pas
sages and render them much better
breeding 'places for the germs. Use
Vicks Vapoitub at the very first sign
of a cold. For a Jiead cold, melt a lit
tle VapoRub in a spoon and inhale the
vapors, or better still, use VapoRub in
a benzoin steam kettle. If this is not
available, use an ordinary teakettle,
rill half full of boiling water, put in
haif a teaspoon of VapoRub from time
to time keep the kettle just slowly
bulling and inhale the steam arising.
NOTE: Vlck's Vapoitub Is the diseov
ery of a North Carolina druggist, who
found how to combine, in salve form.
Menthol and Camphor with such vola
tile oils as Eucalyptus. Thyme. Cu
Im'Iis. etc., so that when Uic salve is
applied to the body licat, these Ingre
dients are liberated in the. form of
vapors.
VapoRub can be had in three sizes
at al! druggists. While comparatively
new in certain parts of the Ninth, it is
the standard home remedy in tbe
Soulh and West for all form:; of cold
troubles over hix million jars were
sold las! year. Vapoitub is particular
ly recommended fur children's croup
or olds, as it is externally applied
and i an. I hen-fore, be used freely and
often - without the slightest haniiiu!
effect.
the opening of the conference be
tween January 9 and January 14.
CHARGE DEPUTIES SEEK CLASH.
PARIS. Dec. 30. La Liberte, in an
editorial today, scores the opposition
for yesterday's debate in the chamber
of deputies, charging that it wag en
deavoring to arouse between Premier
Clenienceau and President Wilson an
artificial conflict, although it asserts
cordially, mutual esteem and agree
ment on general views exist between
the premier and the president.
Deputy Paul Mounier, director of
Verite, the socialist organ and mouth
piece of former Premier Caillaux, in
an editorial with regard to the views
of President Wilson and Premier
Clemenceau says:
"The two men have nothing in com
mon. On the one side is the old
policy of military alliances, ruinous
armaments, eternal war and secret
diplomacy; on the other side, democ
racy, mistress of herself, is imposing
a universal alliance of the ppoples on
out-of-date governments. There is
now an abyss between France and
America."
WANTS REPRESENTATION.
PARIS, Dec. 30. "Russia has been
granted a respectful hearing by the
allies in her request for representa
tion at the peace congress, and I am
hopeful that the sentiment of a ma
jority of the Russian nations will be
listened to and regarded by the con
gress," Boris A. Bakhmeteff, the am
bassador to the United States, said
to the Associated Press today.
"Russia will eventually right her
self even without allied assistance,
but she can recover more rapidly with
aid from her allies who need a united
Russia to oppose German machina
tions through the bolshevlki."
THREE GOVERNORS
OF SOUTHWEST TO
TAKE SEATS SOON
(Continued from Page One)
the office for his first elective term;
he is now filling out the term of form
er Gov. James E. Ferguson, who was
impeached while in office.
The states of Arizona and New
Mexico, no such formalities have to
be gone through prior to the installa
tion of the governor as are provided
for in Texas, where the law says the
legislature must first canvass the elec
tion. The legislature shall meet ou
the second Tuesday in January.
Elaborate plans have been made in
the capitals of all three states for the
inauguration ceremonies, including
balls on the evening of inauguration
day.
GOVERNOR CAMPBELL
MAKES PUBLIC HIS
STATE APPOINTMENTS
- (Continued from l'age Out? I
tion to recommend to the legislature
the consolidation of the former office
with the state commission of agricul
ture and horticulture and to ask for
the abolition of the office of historian
Campbell indicatedMir his statement
today that he expected to find the
resignations of all of Hunt's ap
pointees on file in the governor's of
fice when he takes charge on January
6. He announced that upon taking of
fice he would make a few short re
marks from the balcony of the state
house, which address would be a gen
eral declaration of the policies he will
pursue as governor. - Detailed recom
mendations will be reserved for his
message to the legislature a week
later.
Lloyd B. Christy, who is being re
tained on the commission of state in
stitutions, is at present republican
member of that body, having been ap
pointed by Hunt to succeed Chas. R.
Osborn. He was formerly engaged in
business at Phoenix.
Powell a Business Man
C. G. Powell, appointed superinten
dent of the prison, is a business man
of Florence, being the owner of a store
at that place. He was at one time a
deputy sheriff of Pinal county.
Chas. V. Fairfield, appointed state
examiner, is an accountant in the em
ploy of Babbitt Brothers, at Winslow.
He was formerly assistant auditor of
the territory of New Mexico, and was
the republican candidate for state
auditor at the last election.
Chas. F. Price of Mesa, the new in
spector of weights and measures, is
engaged in the real estate business
at Mesa, and is director oi a bans
there.
F. S. Ingulls, named to be superin
tendent of the pioneers' home, was for
merly surveyor general of Arizona. He
was superintendent of the state indus
trial school during Campbell's admini
stration as de tacto governor.
Dr. Geo. B. Goodrich, the new state
superintendent of public health is a
prominent physician of Phoenix. He
formerly lived ia Clifton.
J. H. Larson, namt-d to be superin
tendent of the industrial school, is
head of the commercial department
and secretary of me Thatcher aca
demy. Former Biebee Man Named
Jno. F. lute, appointed state em
ployment agent, was candidal!; on the
republican ticket at the recent elec
tion for state mine inspector.
YV. A. Uarr. dairy couuuisisoner,
was appointed by Hunt to that office
following its creation ly the legisla
ture at the special session last i-prit'g,
and i. licing tetaiiied at the rouuest
cf large percentage u;' the dairymen
ot the state.
Dr. K. J. Might, stale vjteriiuian.
served in that capacity uniii.r the p:e-l
viuus Campbell adiiiini-liiilien. 1
HARRIS WILL FIGHT i
i itv l;iv:. ;v '.viiii ' j
PHOENIX, Ari., Dec. - Ko.Iow
ins -.in aim JiiiU i'Uient by Governor-j
elect Caniplii II today that lie had ten
dered (In- position of adjutant gen- '
eral to Col. E. P. Glinifctead i oiniii itid-j
iug the 15Mh Infantry, the president's
guard of honor at Puiis. Adjutant Gcu- :
eral Harris slateil (hit this is a re
newal of the fight of IS months ago iu
which Governor Campbell, then do
facto governor, sought to displace him.
The adjutant general relies upon the
wording of the military code which
declares that the governor can appoint
an adjutant general only in case of a
vacancy and then only on the recom
mendation of the general staff.
SENATOR FLAYS
GOVERNMENT FOR
TAKING CABLES
(Continued from Pago C.e)
hands. I feel that a reply to all such
charges can be conclusively made by
quotations from a motion to dismiss
field by the representative of the law
department of our government made
by direction of the attorney general of
the United States to a silly suit re
cently instituted "for publicity pur
poses" in a court known to be with
out jurisdiction against the postmas
ter general in which these unfounded
charges are set forth."
Mr. Burleson in bis letter also
branded as "utterly without founda
tion" charges that much of the mail
addressed to soldiers overseas fails to
reach its destination. The department,
he said, had delivered to the various
military units in France "nearly sev
en million pieces of mail each month"
which had been done on an average
of "better than 30 days' time from the
average date of ' postmarking to the
delivery of mail abroad."
PREACHER ADMITS
ANTI-WAR SPEECH
TO DEFEAT BONDS
(Continued from Page One)
called as a character witness for
Tucker. He said that for two years
while be served as chairman of a
local draft board Tpcker had acted as
his assistant at the church, often con
ducting the principal services. He
said Tucker was a clergyman in good
standing in .the Protestant Episcopal
church. He said he had often talked
to Tucker about the causes of the war,
but had never, heard him express a
disloyal sentiment.
Reads Berger Editorials.
Attorney William A. Cunnea, for
the defense read a dozen editorials
from the Milwaukee Leader written
by Victor L. Berger. One ridiculed
the kaiser's claim that he ruled by
divine right und another urged the
overthrow of the German junker
dynasty. The government was criti
cized for refusing to give passports
to this country's delegates to the in
ternational socialistic congress at
Stockholm in another article.
Miss Elizabeth L. Thomas, president
of the corporation which publishes
the Milwaukee Leader, testified that
Berger was editor of the paper and
directed its policy. She said Berger
Lad always stood for coustructive
socialism. He believed in rational
progress of the movement by peaceful
legal means. She said he was op
posed to boliilievism or any other
kind of violence. She denied that
Berger was ever pro-German.
PRESIDENT WILL
GREET 1919 IN
FRENCH CAPITAL
(Continued from Page One)
will leave Buckingham Palace Tues
day morning at 9 o'clock on the first
stage of their return journey to
France. In the procession to the Vic
toria station, semi-state landaus will
be used. King George and President
Wilson win occupy the first; Queen
Mary, Mrs. Wilson and Princess Mary
the second, and members of the presi
dent's party and court officials the
third, fourth and fifth. No troops
will be stationed along the streets.
but the party will have a guard of
honor to the. i station. Sir Charles
Cust, the king's equerry, will accom
pany President Wilson to Calais.
The diners 'entered the dining hall
in paris. King George escorting Mrs.
Wilson and President Wilson giving
his arm to Queen Mary. The dinner
was served on one long table. The
king, with Mrs. Wilson on Jus right,
sat in the center on one side while
President Wilson, with the queen be
side him, sat opposite the king.
The dining rcoin is a handsome
apartment and contains many fine pic
tures. The table decorations were
daffodils. Some of the smaller pieces
of (he Windsor gold plate also were
used for decorative purposes.
After the dinner, other memhers of
the royal household, who had not at
tended the function, joined the party
informally in the diawing room.
COVENANr OF
ALLIES PLAN
' OF PRESIDENT
(( tiiicil from Pug" One)
of the president from another angle.
Shaking hands with the lord mayor
und the cnief constable on parting,
the president said:
Spends Happy Time
"Gcnih men, I congratulate you
both. In all my travels I have not
known arrangements to go on so
smoothly. You Irive given me a hap
py time. My-cniy regret is that it
was not Wmgert"
The last Manchester saw of the
president, he Klond on the platform ot
the roviil train, with his military aide
holding tin: dark iiiuc pi evident iul tlug
w hich i:n In ell presented by the peo
ple of France. Ih; band played "The
SI ir Spanned, limner.'' The red
ro!ed iniyor unci the blue and silNer
beilerk il chief iistalilo v. ei e ill the
fert'groi.n.t. with an American guard
cf honor ia the background, and there
came a i'i;i:l IritiU; of cheers, stirring
the flag.s wbic-j !i in; from llie nrches
ol llie stalicn.
The president was the ivripi-;it of
ovations .lung the luil-vav ippin .Man
'lest' T. The peoplu had .athenii
along the line mar the city und near
the suburbs and at various localities
Jon the route and cheered vigorously
as the train passed.
In a telegram regretting his inabil
ity to visit Southampton and receive
the freedom of the city, the presiden:
expressed his cordial thanks lor the
honor and said:
"It would have been a great plea
sure, but it is absolutely necessary
for me to return to France on Tues
day." Text of Address
The text of the president's address
to the Free Trade hall audience fol
lows:
"My Lord Mayor, Ladies and Gentle
men:
"Perhaps 1 may be permitted to aiiu.
fellow citizens:
"You have made me feel in a way
that is deeply delightful the generous
welcome which you have accorded me
and back of it I know there lies the
same sort of feeling for the great peo
ple whem I have the privilege of rep
resenting.
"There is a feeling of fraternity and
friendship between the two great na
tions, and as I have gone from place
to place and been made everywhere
to feel the pulse of sympathy that is
new beating between us, I have been
led to some very serious thoughts as
to what the basis of it all is.
"For I think you w ill agree with me
that friendship is not a mere senti
ment. Patriotism is not a mere senti
ment. It is based upon a principle.
upon the principle that leads a man to
give more than he demands. Similarly
friendship is based not merely upon
affection, but upon common service.
The man is not your friend who is not
willing to serve you, and you are not
his friend unless you are willing to
serve him. And out of that impulse
of common interest and desire ot com
mon service arises that noble feeling
which we consecrate as friendship.
Common Interest Dominant
"And so it does seem to me that
the theme that we must have in our
minds now in this great day of settle
ment is the theme of common interest
and the determination of what it Is
that is our common interest. You
know that heretofore, the world has
been governed, or at any rate the at
tempt has been made to govern it. by
partnership of interest, and that these
have broken down.
Interest does not bind men togeth
er. Interest separates men. For the
moment there i3 the slightest depar
ture from the nice adjustment of in
terests, the jealousies begin to spring
un. There is only the thing that can
bind peoples together and that is com
mon devotion to right.
"Ever since the history of liberty
began men have talked about their
rights and it has taken several hun
dred years to make them perceive that
the principal condition of right is duty
and that unless a man performs his
full duty he is entitled to no rignt.
It is a fine co-relation of the in
fluence of duty that right U the equi
poise and balance of society.
"And so when we analyze the pres
ent situation and the future that we
now have to mold aud control, it
seems to me there is no other thought
than that that can guide us. You
know that the United States has
always -felt from the very beginning
of our history that she must refrain
herself fiom any kind of connection
with European politics.
Broader Than Politics.
"I want to say very frankly to you
that she is not now interested in
European politics, but she is Inter
ested in the partnership of right be
tween America and Europe. If the
future had nothing for us but a new
attempt to keep the world at a right
poise by a balance of power, the
United States would take uo interest,
because she will join no combination
of power which is not a combination
of all of us. She is not interested
merely in the peace of Europe, but In
the peace of the world.
"Therefore, it seems to me that in
the settlement which is just ahead of
us something more delicate and diffi
cult than was ever attempted before
us something more delicate and ditfi-j
cult than was ever attempted before I
has to te accomplished a genuine!
concert of mind and of purpose. But
while it is difficult there is an ele
ment present that makes it easy.
Never before "iu the history of the
world I believe, has there been such ;
a keen interest consciousness as ,
there is now.
Voice of Humanity.
"There is a great voice of human-!
ity abroad in the world just now j
which he who cannot hear is deaf.
There is a gieat compulsion of the,
common conscience now in existence I
which, if any statesman resist, will;
gain for him the most unenviable oral-;
nence in history. We are not obeying
the mandate of parties or of politics. '
We are obeying the mandate of hu
manity: '
"That is the reason why it boems ,
to me that the things that are most
T F
I
I Musterole Works Easier, Quicker
and Without the Blister
There's no sense in mixing a mess of
j mustard, flour and water when you can '
I easily relieve pain, soreness or stiffness
I with a little clean, white Musterole.
Musterole is made of pure oil of mus
I tard and other helpful ingredients, com-
bined in the form cf the present white
ointment. It takes the place of out-of-
date mustard plasters, and will not blister.
I.Iuttcrole usually gives prompt relief
j from sore throat, bronchitis, tonsilitis,
I croup, stiff neck, asthma, neuralgia, head
! ache, congestioii, pleurisy, rheumatism,
i lumbago, pains and aches of the back or
joints, sprains, sore muscles, bruises, chit
' hbi:i3, frosted feet, colds of the chest
it often prevents pneumonia).
I CUc and 60c jars; hospital size $2.50.
i u r m i i - j t
often in our minds are the least sig
nificant. "I am not hopeful that the Indi
vidual items which we are discussing
will immediately be settled in a man
ner universally satisfactory.
"One has only to turn his mind to
any one of the questions of boundary
and altered sovereignty and racial
aspirations to do something more than
conjecture that there is no man and
no body of men who know just how
tliey ought to be settled, and yet. If
we are to make unsatisfactory settle
ments, we must see to it that they
are rendered more and more satisfac
tory by the subsequent adjustments
which arc made possible. We must
provide the machinery for readjust
ment in order that we have the ma
chinery of good will and friendship.
"Friendship must have machinery.
If I cannot correspond with you, if I
cannot learn your minds, if I cannot
co-operate with you, I cannot be your
friend, and if the world is to remain
a boJy of friends it must have the
means of friendship with the means
of constant friendly intercourse, the
means for constant watchfulness over
the common interests. That makes It
necessary to make some great effort
to have with one another an easy and
constant method of conference, so that
troubles may be taken when they are
little and not allowed to grow until
they are big. I never thought I had
a big difference with a man that 1
did not find when I came into con
ference with him that after all it was
rather a little difference, and that if
we were frank with one another and
did not too much stand upon that
great enemy of mankind, which is
called pride, we could come together.
"It is the wish to come together
that is more than half of the process,
it is a doctrine which ought to be
easy of comprehension in a great
commercial center like this. You can
not trado with a man who suspects
you. You cannot establish commercial
relations and industrial relations with
those who do not trust you. Good
will is the forerunner of trade. Good
will is the foundation of trade, and
trade is Hie great amicable instru
ment of the world on that account.
"I felt before I came here, at home
in Manchester because Manchester
hns so many characteristics of our
great American cities. I was remind
ed of an anecdote of a humorous fel
low ccuntryman of mine who " was
sitting at luncheon in his club one
day w hen a man whom he did not like
particularly came up and slapped him
on the shoulder and said:
" 'Hello. Olley, how are you?"
"He looked at the ruan and said:
" "I don't know your face, and I don't
know your name, but your maimers
are very familiar.'
"I don't kftow your name, but your
manners are very familiar and very
delightful familiar, so that I felt that
in the community Of interest and un
derstanding which is established in
great currents of trade we are enabled
to see International processes perhaps
better than they can be seen by oth
ers. I take it that I am not far from
right in supposing that that is the
reason why Manchester has been the
center of the great forward-looking
sentiments of men who had the in
stincts of large planning, not merely
for the city itself, but for the king
dom and the empire and the world.
And with that outlook we can be sure
we can go shoulder and shoulder to
gether. "I wish it were possible for us to
do something like some of my very
stern ancestors did. for among my
ancestors are those very determined
persons who were known as Cove
nanters. I wish we could, not for
Great Britain and the United States
alone, but for France, for Italy and
the world, enter into a great league
and covenant declaring ourselves, first
of all. friends of mankind and uniting
ourselves together for the mainte
nance of triumph of right."
! Bisbee
Feed Company
Phone 121
Office Below Copper Queen Hotel
COA
WOOD
Bisbee Fuel and
Feed Company
Phone 121
O Tice Bf low Copper Queea Hotel
Cits Of
PHONE 739
:-:
GOCDBY,
WOMEN'S
TROUBLES
The torrar and discomforts of
weak, lame and aching back, swollen
feet and limbs, weakness, dizziness,
nausea, as a rule hnve tlieir origin in
kidney trouble, not "female complaints."
These general symptoms cf kidney nJ
bladder disease ore veil knowa bo i
the remedy.
Kext time you feel a twinge cf pais
In the bark or are troubled with hfid
ache, indigestion, insomnia, irritation
in the bladder or pain in the loins and
lower abdomen, you will find quick and
sure relief ia GOLD MEDAL- IJaarlea
Oil Capsules. This old and tried rem
edy for kidney trouble and allied de
rangementa has stood the test for hun
dreds of year. It does the work,
l'ains and troubles vanish and new life
and heaith will come an yon continue
their use. When completely restored
to yonr usual vigor, continue taking a
capsule or two each day.
GOLD MEDAL Haarlem Oil Cap
ules are imported from the laborato
ries et Haarlem, Holland. Do not ac
cept a substitute. Ia sealed boxes,
three siztfS,
Annual
Dance
Fraternal Order of Eagles' New
Year's Eve Dance. Dance the Old
Year Out and New Year In.
Dancing 8:30 p. m.
LONG'S ORCHESTRA
K. of C.
DANCE
The Knights of Columbus will give
a Dance on Thursday evening, Jan
uary 2, at 8:30 p. m., at K. of C.
Hall. Everybody invited. Music by
LONG'S ORCHESTRA
ATTENTION!
SOLDIERS AND SAILOR
BOYS
Now is the time when you
are coming home. Let us
dress you up. The appear
once of a man is gauged by
his clothes.
We know how to make
them look right.
Style, Fit and Fabrics are
guaranteed or your money
back.
FRUITMAN'S
FASHION SHOP
Tailors for Men and Women
Phone 74 Main Street
Opposite Wells Fargo
Fuel and
9
i
J
CLEANING
e wons PRESSING
Opposite Y. W. C. A.
15.
I
V THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 31, 1918.
THREE
V
Captured Convicts
Make New Break
With Stolen Motor
CBr Review Leased TVlrs)
TUCSON'. Ariz.. Dec. ."io. Emmet
Mc-Daniels and "Jack" Wunder, the
convicts who escaped from the peni
tentiary at Florence a week ago and
who were captured while trying to
cross the line at Douslas, made a sec
ond escape this afternoon while being
taken back to the penitentiary.
The two men were on the rear seat
of the state car which they stole at
the time of their escape, while the two
guards were on the front seat.
The convicts attacked the guards
simultaneously, threw them out and
f'.ed In the car with their two com
panions, Laura Foreman and Grace
Barnes, another escaped convict,
Frederico Fernandez, and J. D. Mc
Danlels, brother of Emmett McDan
iels. The escape occurred 15 miles this
side of Florence.
The two guards in charse of the
vioen were Reuben Bonal, captain of
the guard at the penitentiary, and
Peter Avenente.
Battleships Will
BringYanks Home
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, Dec. 30. Two bat
tleships, the Kansas and the Georgia,
and the armored cruiser North Caro
lina, are among the 11 vessels which
the war department announced today
had sailed from France between De
cember 25 and 27 with returning sol
diers. The last of this fleet of troop
ships is due either at New York or
Newport News, January 13.
The 11 ships carry in all approxi
mately 16.375 officers and men. The
navy craft, especially fitted for this
work because of the shortage of ton
nage to get the army home, carries
the following quotas: Georgia, 967;
Kansas, 1428, and North Carolina.
1288. Other naval vessels being fit
ted out for transport work will give
a total carrying capacity for 20.000
men from this source.
Included in the units en route home
ward as announced today are five
complete field artillery regiments, the
12Sth, 127th, 145th. 301st and 33rd.
Each has in the neighborhood of 1500
men and more than 50 officers. There
are en route also two complete trench
mortar battalions, the 6th and 7th,
with about 30 officers and 700 men
each.
Palmer to Become
Deputy at Douglas
- ;
? That he had appointed A. E. Palmer
las his chief deputy in Douglas, was .
' i the statement made by Sheriff-elect J.
-F. McDonald, to local mends, just j
-''prior to his departure yesterday for j
Tombstone. He will remain in Tomb-1
stone from this time on, taking the
oath of office today and being ready
to take over the office Wednesday
morning.
It was learned also that Mr. McDon-1
. . 1 .1 : 1 1 A,4;r. T .1 n f Uam' RaffortT !
f. jim jriom i-j'ulj ,
- .or the present at least.
'' Although it had been reported that
Deputy Percy Bowden, who under
Sheriff Welch has had a sort of "rov
ing commission" with the special duty
of apprehending bootleggers, would
be reappointed by McDonald, no an
nouncement to this effect has been
made. However, it was stated yester
day he had appointed no one else,
holding the position open for the pres
ent Another local man going to the
county seat yesterday was M. I. Mc
Kelligon, who will take office Wednes
day as assistant county attorney, un
der R. N. French.
STRIKES THREATEN
(Ev Review Leased Wire)
CHICAGO, DeDc. 30. The reveille
of New Year's eve In Chicago prom
ises to be enlivened by a test of
strength between several of the large
downtown hostelries and members of
the cooks' and waiters' union now on
strike. The striking employes have
6
PAY CASH
OUR STORE
will be
CLOSED
on Wednesday, Jan. 1
(NEW YEAR'S DAY)
J.'B. ANGIUS
PURE FOOD GROCER
Phone 29
U. S
Food Administration
declared tltry would not assist in serv
ing patrons at three of the largest
hotels and that a state law would be
invoked if tlie hotel men kept their
promise to fill the places of the strik
ing waiters with women. This law
prohibits women from serving intoxi
cating drinks.
Lunn Holds Back
t-1 I
Iv fit TiOlipll IIP Til 1 1
Tr ill ilc(CJtl(t -fntv
(Ry Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, Dec. 30 Another
failure to send the war revenue till
to conference marked today's holiday
routine session of the house. Repre
sentative Lunn of New York, demo
crat, refused to give the necessary
unanimous consent for the conference
when Democratic Leader Kitchin de
clined to promise to report the sen
ate's second class mail zone amend
ment to the house for a vote regard
less of conference action.
The house adjourned until Thurs
day, when Mr. Kitchin may make an
other effort to obtain unanimous con
sent for the conference. He said,
however, that he did not expect a
quorum of the house to be present
until January 5, and doubted whether
the conference could be voted until
then. Mr. Kitchin said he doubted
whether the house would instruct its
conferees to agree to the senate
amendment, remarking that the postal
zone system, rlow applicable to second
class mail was adopted by a big ma
jority of the house and that the new
provisions of the senate amendment
radically changed the existing law.
CLUBMAN MARRIES
WAIF HE SAVED FROM
STREETS, EDUCATED
An Arabian Night's dream is the
story of Mr. Carey Lamed, wealthy
clubman, and Tessa Fayne, former in
nocent country girl, who have just
been married.
The romance of the two is the result
of a most thrilling event which flung
the two together.
Several years ago Mr. Larned was
alighting from his machine in front of
his apartment when a terror-stricken
little cirl clutched his hand and beg
ged him to gave her. It was night. Th
rain, coming down in torrents, had
soaked the fugitive. She was a most
pitiful little object. As Mr. Larned
looked into the large, scared eyes of
the queer little creature, she gaspec
that a man was pursuing her. Mr.
Larned took her into his warm apart
ment, had his friend, Mrs. Madeline
Carson, give the girl every care, and
then learned her story.
It was the story of thousands of
girls lured to the big city by the silver
tongue of faithless man. She was a
slavey in a New England village. A
dissolute actor played on her inno-!
cence and gulhbiiy. She came to him
in Xew York and fled. Harpies reach-'
e(j 01lt their talons to drag her down
jnt0 the abyss. In terror she fled be- I
fore the horrible things
aione, friendless, until .
of night,
innocents regress is tne name
of this heart-gripping, thrilling and
masieriui iriangie pnotopiay wnicn
j features self-like Pauline Starke, the
I fairy of the screen. She is supported
i by an able Triangle cast. "Innocent's
t- ., : 1 1 i . . 1 . . i i
rrugress w in i &uun ai uie ijrauu
theater today.
MME. PETROVA IN
"DAUGHTER OF DES
TINY," LYRIC TODAY
Madame Petrova's circle of ad
mirers is certain to be greatly
widened when "Daughter of Destiny"
is produced at the Lyric theater to
day. Manager Tammen saw the picture
at a private presentation given re
cently to the press and theatrical folk
and enthusiastically characterized the
star's first production under her own
management as being immeasurably
ahead of anything she has yet done.
The story deals with the temptations,
sorrows and triumphs of Marion Ash
ley, a brilliant and beautiful American
girl who is drawn into the vortex of
the plotting diplomacy of today.
The production teems with vital
moments and strikingly big scenes.
License No. C-16109
J
pMpWHMrl K:J'J i
PAY LESSl
Dr. Henry Tannery
Dies at San Diego:
Ty Review Teased Wire
SAN DIEGO. Cal.. Dec. 30. Dr.
Henry S. Tanner, aged 91 years, died
in this city Saturday at the county
i hospital, after an illness of nearly a
' 'ear 1 Tanner 8 practical appuca-j
! 'ion of tlle theory that health and long j
1;, j,,.,,,,,,, ,,ori,wi ,,r r...
ing attracted world wide attention a
number of years ago.
FASTED TO CURE ASTHMA
CHICAGO. Dec. 30. Dr. Henry S.
Tanner first came to notice in 1S77.
in Minneapolis, Minrt, when he ab-j
stained from food for forty-two days, .
vindicating his belief that abstinence
from food would relieve asthma, rheu-
mat ism and an ailment of the heart.
Owing to widespread doubt, especi
ally in medical circles, as to the genu
ineness of his exploit, Tanner offered
to repeat the performance under any
circumstances which might be named.
After long negotiation, the test was ar
ranged, and in the summer of 18S0, in
in New York he underwent a fast of
40 days. For fourteen days he was
confined in a bare room and was al
lowed neither water nor exercise. The
last 20 days of his fast he was per
mitted to take a short walk through
Central Park and to drink from a
spring. He suffered no ill effects from
the fast.
The press at that time devoted en
tire pages to the test and Tanner's
exploit was the subject for discussion
by medical men for many years.
Peruvians Escape
From Chile City
r.y Review Leased Wire)
BUENOS AIRES, Dec. 30 A large
ly attended mass meeting was held
yesterday at Antofagasta, Chile, at
which it was declared that Peruvian
residents were no longer welcome
there, according to reports from San
tiago today. The meeting demanded
the expulsion of 1S.0U0 Peruvian ni
trate workers in the district, to make
' places for Chileans. Many Peruvians,
the reports add. embarked on a Peru
vian steamer which called at Antofa
gasta yesterday. ,
Reports from Lima state that a dele
gation of prominent Peruvians in Lon
don will present a memorial to Presi
dent Wilson regarding the Tacna
Arica problem.
The Peruvian senate the advices
add, is endeavoring to force the for
eign office to hand over the docu
ments regarding the presen interna
tional situation, tne ioreign ouice nav
ing refused the senate's request for
i their submission.
Aviator Is Burned
ry ij rjr nr
JLl6Ct til 1 IS liaUe
irir Review Leased Wire)
ROCKVILLE CENTER, N. Y.,
Dec.
j 3rt Cuthbert Mills, aviator in the
I ae..iHl nlail servjCe. was burned to
death two miles north of this place
today when, just after leaving Min
eo!a, his airplane fell from a height
of 3000 feet and caught fire. The plane
was being tested before being turned
over to the postoffice department.
Lt. Peter Ungerland. an army avia
tor from Hazelhurst field, who saw
the accident, said Mills' machine
swerved to one side as one wing col
lapsed. Then it fell into some woods,
bringing down a tree.
The plane caught fire at once and
before Lieutenant Ungerland could
reach the spot, the machine was al
most consumed. A younger brother of
the dead aviator, also in the mail serv
ice, identified the body.
Mills was married and lived at Ar
rochar, Staten Island.
BUTTE BECOMES SALOONLESS
Ry Review leased WireJ
BUTTE, Mont. Dec. 30. The saloon
and Butte parted company tonight
after an intimate relationship extend
ing over a half-century, broken hither
to only by martial law, which three
times caused front doors to be locked.
The prohibition law closed 250 saloons
and three breweries in tliis city.
MAIL PLANE MAKES FLIGHT
Rv Revtew Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. Dec. 30. The air
plane in which Senator Jones left New
York t.'iis afternoon for his return trip
to Washington, arrived here at 5:30
o'clock. The only stop was at Phila
delphia, for a supply of fnel.
A Nation's Safety
depends upon more than i
wealth or the power of its j
mighty guns. It rests in its
robust children and in its strong, j
vigorous manhood. ,
SCOTT'S
emulsion
an ideal constructive tonic-food,
brings to the system elements
easily assimilated and
imparts siren gin ana pro
motes normal growth.
Scott' Emulsion build op the
weak and fortifiem tht strong. J)
GcoU & Bowoe. Bloom&cld, M.J. 10-20
A Health Builder
For Weakened Lungs
Whera a continued couh or cold
threatens the tunes, Kckman's Altera
tive will help to ntop tha ruuKh,
strengthen the. hmi; ami restore
health. S(t- find $1.50 bottles at drug
ptHtw. or from
ICCKMAN LAUORATOXtr, Philadelphia
ATHLETIC NIGHT AT
Y.M.G.A. SUCCESS
The first of a series trf athletic
nights, staged Saturday evening at the
Y. M. C. A. was highly successful,
furnishing fun and amusement for an
audience of several hundred people.
Every number on the program was
filled with "pep." the performers mak
ing an exceptional effort to amuse the
audience.
The basket ball game between the
Has Been and the Would Be teams,
resulted in victory for the former, by
the score of 24 to IS.
The lineup was:
Has Ileens Roy L. Benton, c: Law
rence Frasco and Nemo Debley. g.;
Verne 1 rooks and J. B. Porter, f.
Would Bes Ed Otson. c; Howard
Glendenning and A. II. Olsen. jr.; Ken
neth Kellum and Clyde Blgelow, f.
Bob Hale played a xylophone solo,
accompanied on the piano by Jiramie
Dawson.
Musso brothers, who appeared on
the program as "the midget boxers"
put on an amusing comedy stunt with
the gloves.
Dago Joe wrestled Johnnie Hughes
and John Meyer, putting both tils
opponents to the mat in short order.
Arthur Peterson and Nemo Debeley
wen such applause by their cornet
duet that they were called to respond
with an encore.
The "scream" of the evening was a
duet, sung by Jimmie Carretto and
Archie Kroloff. entitled, "Cowan Owes
Me Ninety-Seven Dollars."
A sparring match between Johnnie
Hughes and John Meyer, in which
both men displayed considerable
cleverness, concluded the program.
The "Y" social work committee an
nounces that it will stage similar
programs on alternate Saturdays,
throughout the winter and spring.
BILLIARD EXPERT IS
SHOWING IN DISTRICT
Bisbee is being introduced to a new
game of pocket billiards, known as
"Hazard," under the tutelage of Ed
ward DowJ of Chicago, who is making
his headquarters at the Brunswick
billiard parlors on Main street. In
order to make the game even more
popular than it would be otherwise,
Manager E. B. Wallace Is offering
prizes for high scores.
Mr. Dowd, who has been in the city
since Saturday, already has aroused
great interest among the men of Bis
bee. His ability as a cue artist is un
doubted as he has made runs of 50, 60
or 70 time after time on the unfa
miliar tables.
"You know, each table has a per
sonality and until you learn its indi
vidual pecularities you cannot play
your best ou it," remarked Mr. Dowd
yesterday, as he pocketed the 30th
ball in a long run. "It makes a man
nervous to go up against a new table
just as it makes him nervous to tackle
any new job."
During his stay here, Mr. Dowd will
instruct any aspirant for higher hon
ors in pocket billiards' In the proper
positions, cueing and other points
which count for "makes" or "misses"
in the game. This service will be free
to the public through the courtesy of
Mr. Wallace. Mr. Dowd has a na
tional reputation as a pocket billiard
player. '
M'GOVERN IN HOSPITAL
Bv Review Leased Wire)
BOSTON, Mass., Dec. 20 Terry Mc
Govern of Philadelphia, was taken to
a hospital after he had been knocked
out by Young Britt of New Bedford,
in the first round of a scheduled 12
round bout here tonight McGovern'a
head struck the floor and he lay un
conscious for 15 minutes.
GUNBOAT SMITH FALLS HARD
(By Review Leased Wire)
BUFFALO, N. Y., Dec. 30. Jack
Dempsey of Utah, knocked out Gun
boat Smith of New York, in the second
round of a scheduled ten round bout
here tonight. Dempsey weighed 190
pounds. Smith 178.
PROBE MEXICAN CLAIMS.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 30. The sec
retary of state was asked in a reso
lution introduced today by Senator
King of Utah to inform the senate
whether claims of Americans against
the Mexican government for personal
and property damages caused by dep
redations in that country have ever
been presented to the government of
Mexico and what steps are being
taken to prosecute the claims and
liquidate the settlements.
Better
Baking
follows the use of
Crescent
Baking
Powder
No danger of the
mixture failing to
raise, and less bak
ing powder is re
quired. All grocers sell it
25c lb.
CRESCENT MFG. CO.
Seattle, Wash.
Dago Joe Accepts
Match With Texan
"Dago Joe." the wrestler, has re
ceived a letter from a San Antonio,
Texas, promoter offering him a tempt
ing proposition to go on the mat with
Pat Browm. a well-known Texas mid
dleweight January L'G for the cham
pionship of the world, he stated last
night. Joe immediately wired his ac
ceptance of the offer and last night .
sent matter to be used in advertising :
the match.
The Dago is sure that he can take i
Brown's measure, being nothing if not
confident.
Joe is getting in splendid trim for '
his match in this city with Ernest '
Dixie, January 6. Every evening at 7 j
o'clock he is working out at the Y. M.
( A. and an increasingly large crowd
is on hand to witness the workouts, i
Dixie is expected to arrive in the
city today or tomorrow. It is under-'
stood he has been in training in
Jerome hnd will do little except light
work to keep in condition after his ar
rival in Bisbee.
GET AFTER THAT
COLD RIGHT HOW
Got right after it with a
bottle of Dr. King's -New
Discovery
She nrver let a cougb or cold or eise
of grippe go until it grew dingeroui.
She jutt nipped it when the began to
sniffle or cough before it developed
teriously.
Men, women, and children of every
age have uied this preparation for
fifty years ai a prompt reliever. All
age are uiing it today because of ita
poiitive remits.
Generout size bott!e.w 60c and $1.20.
Constipation Corrected
Dr. King's New Life Pill tonight
mean clear bowels, a clear bead, clear
thinking, a day well begun in the
' morning, good digestion, clearing skin.
Mild in action but sure and comfortable.
At drug stores everywhere.. 25c.
Richard Glaze, Oph. D.N.D.
Practice Limited to Eye and Nerve
Disorders
Phone 156. Office and residence
first house west Masonic Temple,
Main street, Bisbee, Arizona.
Glasses fitted by latest methods.
HENNESSY
Undertaking Parlors
PHONE 15.
O K ST.
Dr. Harriet I. Jo&nson
. OSTEOPATHIC PHYSICIAN
' Diseases of women and children a
specialty. Office over GilmaD's
Jewelry Store. Phone 768.
DR. EDWARD COLMAN
Chiropractor and Osteopath
NERVOUSNESS AND RHEUMA
TISM A SPECIALTY
Office in Johnson Block, opposite
Johnson Add. Car Stop.
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
Gas Fired Water
For Attaching
to Yow
Range Boiler
Bisbee
L
REGISTERED BONDS OF THE FOURTH
LIBERTY LOAN ARE NOW READY FOR
DELIVERY TO THOSE WHO PAID IN
FULL WITH THEIR SUBSCRIPTION.
BARRETT
Ever-lastic Roofing
See advertisement on inside cover of Saturday Evening
Post of August 3. We have a full car in stock-
Bisbee Lumber Go. inc.
EMIL MARKS, Mgr. Lowell Car Stop PHONE 25
Copper Queen Hotel and mgh-t3ass cafe
The best of everything at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 60c luncheon daily. Also $1.00 dinner from
5:30 to 7:30 p. m. Regular Board by the month, $45.00
HENRY POPPEN, MANAGER
L. J. OVERLOOK, Broker
Correspondents: Paine, Weber & Co., Boston, Duluth, Calumet.
LOGAN i. BRYAN, NEW YORK AND CHICAGO
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK
The Exciting Detective, Ginsberg, Was
Making Some More Startling Deductions.
"The motive for this man's murder was
not robbery. It was suicide! He was
stranded, out of work there are his
finger-prints made yesterday on the 'Help
Wanted' Section of The Review Classified
Col
umns
Provides abundant supply ol
hot water at reasonable cost
Call at our store and ask for
demonstration, or make re
quest for representative to call
upon you.
Improvement Co.
1
Heater
II i i3
hi i 1
iii j
Si! ! 1
1 I.
j jl FOUR
THE BLSBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 31, J918.
Bl SB EE DAILY REVIEW
Published Every Day Except Monday,
by the State Consolidated
Publishing Company
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
The Associated Press is exclusively
entitled to the use for re-publication
of all news dispatches credited to it
or not otherwise credited to this
paper, and also, the local news pub
lished therein.
All rights of re-publication of spe
cial dispatches herein are also re
served:
Entered as Second Class Mail Matter
at Bisbee, Arizona, Under Act of
March 8, 1879.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES, PAYABLE
IN ADVANCE
Per month .. $ .75
Three months 2.25
Six months
Twelve months
4.00
7.50
Sunday (our weekly) ner year 2.o0
Sunday (our weekly) per quarter .75
No Subscription Taken Less Than 75c
ALL'S WELL THAT ENDS WELL
The other night the editor of the
Citizen had occasion to go to Phoenix
and planned to leave on the Douglas
Phoenix sleeper, departing at 2:40 a.
m. On calling up the station, he
was advised that there were two No.
3's that night, that one would arrive
at 11:30 p. m. and the other at 5:30
a. m. and that the Douglas sleeper
would probably be on the first No. 3,
although definite information could
be obtained at the El Paso & South
western. Several calls over the tele
phone finally resulted in getting the
operator at the Southwestern, who
said that while they did not have posi
tive information, they thought that the
sleeper would be on the first No. 3
at 11:30 p. m. So the editor rushed
to the station for it was then near
train time, according to the bulletins.
After waiting an hour, first No. 3
finally came along, but there was no
Douglas-Phoenix sleeper. Neither the
Southern Pacific nor the Southwestern
had been advised as to which train
would carry it, but now, it would cer
tainly be on second No. 3, which was
due at 5:30 a. m.
On telephoning to the Southern Pa
cific at 5 a. in. the editor was ad
vised that the train would certainly
be in at 5:30 but on reaching the sta
tion and asking the dispatcher, he
was advised that it would not be in
until 6:30. When it had not come at
6:45 the agent at the Southern Pa
cific telephoned the Southwestern de
pot and was advised that the train
had left the junction about two miles
out. It did not arrive until 7:15.
The fact that the company officials
knew all along that It would not be in
until, about that hour was evidenced
hy the fact that the train crew was
called for 6:55 a. m.
This is only a single instance, and
is merely cited to show the kind of
Bervice that the railroads are render
ing these days. This is not finding
fault with the company because the
trains are late, due' to weather con
ditions, but certainly they know where
their trains are and can tell approxi
mately when they will arrive, but
they continue to give the public a lot
of misinformation as to the time of
arrival and the patrons of the roads
are wasting Iiour supon hours daily,
waiting for trains, when they might be
devoting the time to some useful oc
cupation. Mr. McAdoo's bureau of complaints
1s as inefficient as the railroads under
government direction. The situation
has been growing worse instead of
better and arrogant employes ho pur
sue the "public be damned" policy,
are becoming more intolerable.
Tucson Citizen.
C'Jieer up. Brother! It is just such
conduct on the part of "arrogant rail
road employes" that is going to pre
vent government ownership of the
railroads.
MAKE THRIFT PERMANENT
The impulse to save and lay up
money, so powerfully stimulated and
so productive during tiie war. must
bo made a permanent force in the na
tional life. We say must be, because
the need itself is imperative, it is
vital, and of the vital things that
should be done we are warranted in
saying that it must be done. The
thrift habit can be made universal
and permanent in this country, it will
be made so if men who understand
the need and know the way to meet it
will put their hands to tlie work.
What was the condition during the
war? The wage-earners of the coun
try were earning and receiving high t
pay, higher than ever before. That
was l he foundation. The government
liaii need 'of billions to carry on the
war. The money could be raised only
In part by taxation, for the rest re
course was had to the resources of
the people. The appeal was made.'
not alone by general exhortation, but I
by pernonal solicitation. Every man j
uid woman, every boy and girl in the
country was asked to subscribe for'
liberty bonds, to buy war savings
stamps. The appeal was made first,
of course, upon the ground of patriot
ism, of the duty to support the gov
ernment; but stress was everywhere
laid upon the virtue and the value of
the saving habit. Wage-earners were
urged to subscribe for bonds on the
basis of bank loans; it was pointed
out to them that they could pay off
the loans in installments out of their
savings and when paid for the bond
would not only yield an Income, but
it would be an insurance against need,
a provision to be dram upon in time
of illness or disability. The response
was wonderful. More than 20,000.000
of Americans subscribed for Liberty
bonds, and if war savings stamps be
reckoned into the account the total
of subscribers would be much greater.
Mr. Ingalls Kimball estimates that
the "sales of war savings stamps and
small payments on Liberty bonds are
proceeding at the rate of $3,000,000,000
a year."'
That is the habit that must be made
permanent, the habit of putting aside
small weekly or monthly sums out ol
earnings; in short, the habit of thrift.
The sure way to make the thrift habit
permanent and universal is to con
tinue to make the personal appeal,
actual solicitation, just as it was prac
ticed in the war by tens of thousands
of volunteer workers in behalf of the
Liberty loans and war savings stamps
sales. Depend upon it, somebody is
going to continue that solicitation. If
it is not done for saving, it will be
done for squandering. Hordes of
agents hawking all sorts of gewgaws,
cheap mining shares, low-priced specu
lative securities, innumerable articles
that wage-earners do not need, cannot
profit by but may be tempted to pur
chase, will get the ear and the money
of the millions who subscribed for Lib
erty bonds or bought war savings
stamps if, in their own interest, wage-
earners are not influenced by personal
appeals to continue the habit of sav
ing. Why should they be given over
to the tempters, why should they be
left to contract habits of extravagance
and improvident spending?
Thrift is a double protection for
wage-earners. It not only leads to in
dependence, but it produces those ac
cumulations of capital upon which.
husbanded and Invested by savings in
stitutions, the industries of the coun
try must depend. It will keep the
wheels turning, insure permanence of
employment, promote activity in busi
ness and national prosperity, add to
the country's wealth, and provide good
wages. Money circulating from hand
to hand is a convenience, a neces
sity, it sustains trade, but accumulated
wealth reproduces itself, and in that
process of reproduction labor must
always be employed. The little streams
that run down the sides of the valley
and through larger watercourses flow
unhindered to the sea, turn no wheels;
it is when they are impounded that
they constitute power, giving employ
ment to labor and producing goods.
That is the lesson that must be taught
to every man and women who, out of
current wages, is able to put aside
something against a rainy day, against
the disabilities of old age. It must
be on organized effort, undertaken by
men all over the country who are able
to see and feel the . need of making
the thrift habit permanent, who can
apply themselves to the task. The
point is illustrated by the difference
in the practice of savings banks and
insurance companies. The savings
bank depositor is moved by individual
Impulse; the insurance companies,
through their agents, personally so
licit men to take out policies. The
problem is this, "How is the volume
of savings to be kept up to its pres
ent rate?" It is a question of vital
importance to the nation, to its peo
ple. It should have the answer through
organized effort to continue and make
permanent the impulse to save, so
widely and profitably stimulated under
the stress of war. N. Y. Times.
That many farmers in the United
States have been making a living at
a loss, seems like a most anomalous
assertion, until the explanation is re
ceived. When land is cropped, year
after year, without any plant food be
ing restored, it gradually becomes so
impoverished that almost nothing will
grow on it. This may go on for years
and the farmer seem reasonably pros
perous. In the end, though, the farmer
has to move, as a matter of course,
and one more is added to the list of
run-down and abandoned farms. Most
often these are tenant farms, as re
ports, official and otherwise, show.
If the government, in providing for its
soldiers, can cause a larger proportion
of the farms of the country to be
owned by those who work them, a
momentous reform will have been set
under way.
After all. it Is to be hoped the allies
won't siuk the surrendered Germau
navy. A navy which for four years
showed sueli a genius iu keeping out
.of .the wet ought to lie preserved, if
only as a curiosity.
ELKS PAY TRIBUTEjPOSTOFFICE HAS
TO PAST BROTHERS NEV WAR STAMPS
Though the world war may have ;
cost the United States much in blood
and tears, yet it will prove of suffi
cient benefit to justify the thinker in
pronouncing it well worth-while for us.
in the view of James B. Ward, a Thoe
nix attorney, who delivered the ora
tion Sunday afternoon at the Elks'
memorial service, held in the lodge
room of the Elks club.
After dwelling at some length upon
the disorganization, which was mark
ing public feeling more and more bo
fore the outbreak of the war, particu
larly as affecting labor and capital,
Mr. Ward drew a comparison between
that day and this, with the lesson of
patriotism and co-operation taught by
the war, fresh in sight.
Health for the young men, training
in a sternly disciplined school which
will fit them better for the task of
living and an appreciation of their
duties as citizens, are among the qual
ities enumerated as having been gain
ed by the men of the army and navy,
who now are returning to civil life.
Thrift, better control of selfish habits
which prior to the war were marring
the national life have been inculcated
among the children. The older boy
and girl have lost their false pride,
which made them ashamed to do hon
est toil. The change in the parents is
just as great The fathers and moth
ers of the country learned during the
war, with its sacrifices needed to sup
port the men in the field and the al
lies, not to follow false standards set
up by someone else; they have ac
quired a pride of saving and invest
ment Foreigners have learned the
real meaning of American citizenship
and feel pride in being a member of
the one big family. They offer a less
fertile field for the anarchist and agi
tator than ever before.
Passing throughout the citizenship,
Mr. Ward indicated the analogy
throughout Employer and employe, he
said, now have a fuller understanding
of their duty toward one another;
that the employers' duty must not
end with furnishing employment and
paying for it, and the employes' duty
must not end when the 5 o'clock w his
tle blows."
The program, which was carried out
in impressive manner, was as follows:
Opening March Orchestra
Prother Fred R. Reynolds, Brother
J. G. Berlendis, Brother Harry Long,
Mr. John Bowden.
Opening Address James Allison
Exalted Ruler
Prayer Fred l reeman
Lodge Chaplain
Selection Orchestra
Roll Call of Departed Brothers
Quartette, "Crossing the Bar,
Schnecker
Miss Leonore Allen, Mr. J. P. Wil
liamson, Mr. E. L. Blair, Mr. Ridgely
Hooper.
Opening Cereraonies....Lodge Officers
Memorial Address :
Brother Charles B. Ward
Vocal Solo, "Now the Shades of Night
Are Gone" Marsell
Miss Leonore Allen
Closing Exercises Lodge Officers
"AULD LANG SYNE
(Entire audience joining.)
Should auld acquaintance be forgot
And never brought to minai
Should auld acquaintance be forgot.
And days of auld lang syne?
For days of auld lang syne, my dears.
For days of auld lang syne.
Well take a cup of kindness yet.
For days of auld lang syne.
Prayer Fred Freeman
Lodge Chaplain
Processional, March Orchestra
The list of the honored dead, which
was read during tne services, con
tained 91 names. Those who passed
away during 1918, were:
J. J. McGee, F. E. Sweeney, Patrick
Kernan, Geo. F. Roberts, J. L. Silver
thorn, R. J. Kelly, Fred C. Parrow,
John A. Shields, C. R. Dannemiller,
L. F. Bottoms, Harry T. Hartwell, John
M. Campbell.
Jitney Licences
And Canine Tags
Come in One Bag
City license tags for livery cars
were received yesterday by City Clerk
M. L. Butler and by him turned over
to City Marshal J. A. Kempton, who
will start the new year properly by
insisting upon every driver of a "jit
ney" being equipped w ith one, or ceas
ing to ply his vocation. The livery
car license in Bisbee is $13 per quar
ter. In the same package were received
several hundred dog license lags. It
is Mr. Kerapton's intention to sivc the
owners of canines a few weeks in
which to pay the anunual license of $1
for a male or $5 for a female dog.
About February 1 he will begin a cru
sade against unlicensed dogs.
When Mr. Kempton assumed office
last June, about 100 dog licenses had
been paid. Starting July 1, he inaujju
rated a crusade of killing w ith the re
sult that in the course of a few weeks
2r0 other dog owners had purchased
tags for their pets. He is confident
that even greater success will meet
his early spring drive agaiiibt home
less dogs.
SCORE HURT IN WRECK
(H- I .view IhmciI AVIn-i :
PEORIA. II!.. -Dec. ::o. A Jiead on
collision of a westbound Lake Erie & J
Western passenger train and a To-j
ledo, Peoria & Western stock train, j
resulted in the death of Engineer Pat-!
rick E. Haggerty. Tipton, Ind., and thei
Injury of a score or more of train-1
men and passengers in the east IV .
orla yards touight. The wreck was
due to a confusion of train orders.
FOR 1919 THRIFT
New war savings stamps of the se
ries of 1919, payable January 1, 1324,
smaller in size than those of the 191S
series and with more the appeaiance
of currency, have arrived at the Bis
bee postoftice and will be placed on
sale Wednesday, January 1. So far
as is known at the present time the
thrift stmps of the new- issue will be
Bold only from the money order win
dow at the postoffice.
With the opening of the new year
the authorized war savings headquar
ters of the district will be closed and
different societies for the selling of
thrift and war savings stamps will
cease to exist. Efforts will be made,
however, to continue the campaign for
investment in these securities
throughout the district, with a view to
encouraging the thrift idea already
given such stimulus through the cam
paigns of the past year.
The thrift stamp to be sold during
1919 is to be exactly the same as the
191S issue and is to be pasted in the
same type folder, but the new $5 ma
turity war stamp is but one-half the
size of the old issue and is blue in col
or, bearing the picture of Benjamin
Franklin, and made payable on Jan
uary 1, 1924. The certificate for the
new war stamps is to be reduced iu
size and will be more highly engraved
to more closely resemble currency.
Thrift stamps of the 1913 series, ac
cording to Postmaster L. R. Bailey,
purchased during the past year can be
traded for new 1919 war savings
stamps, at the same value as those of
the 1918 issue.
INAUGURATE THRIFT DRIVE
(Fiv Review L.eustt Wire)
WASHINGTON. Dec. 30. The 11U9
war savings campaign will be opened
actively by a nation-wide celebration
on January 17, the anniversary of the
birth of Benjamin Franklin, district
war savings directors in conference
here today were informed by Harold
Braddock. the new nationil director
of the war savings movement
That day will be devoted particular
ly, Mr. Braddock said, to the organiza
tion of thousands of war savings so
cieties in industries, of Lice j, business
houses, churches and communities, to
systematize the preaching of thrift
and promote the sale of $2,'Juu,U0u
worth of stamps during the year.
County News
Sheriff-elect James F. McDonald arrive-
n Tombstone yesterday Irom
'Jisbee to remain over the first of the
year when he will be sworn in.
The Touhey Construction company,
whioh has tne contract to build the
county road from Curtis flat to the
railroad track, about three miles from
Tombstone, are moving their camp to
a point nearer Tombstone.
Only an occasional mask is suen on
the streets of Douglas, the board of
health Saturday evening having decid
ed definitely to abandon thtm. It uas
a relief for everybody and everybody
seems to be enjoying the sensation of
showing his whole face again.
Kollin Grebe, son of Supt E. Grebe
of the Bunker Hill Mines company,
arrived in Tombstone Saturday Irom
St Louis, where he has bet n station
ed. Kollin was attached to the medi
cal corps and was just recently dis
charged. It was learned yesterday that Tom
Riggs of Bowie, president of the
bank in that town, has been chosen as
manager of the Riggs Cattle company,
one of the largest cattle and land
holding companies in this county with
herds and headquarters ranch near
Dos Cabezos. William Riggs is presi
dent of this company.
The state road camp is now located
in its new- home near the monument
west of Tombstone. They have in
stalled a pump in the old well where
Tombstone many years ago had its
faource of water supply, or most cor
rectly speaking, one of them for there
were three or four companies "at that
time. The water hole is known to old
timers as Waturvale. The bite for the
camp is an ideal one, and Foreman
Chad w ick has put it in good shape.
Officers Boozer, Valentine and Ross
raided an alleged gambling game in a
basement under the Arcade cold drink
parlor at 1 o'clock Sunday morning in
Douglas. K. Harris, E. Rhodes and J.
Jones were arrested on chrarges of
gambling. They furnished cash bond
of f25 each and asked for permission
to plead guilty uiul not appear in
court. Ed Smith, accuoid of running
the game, and Cleve Erby, charged
with allowing gambling in his place of
business underneath the culd drink
emporium furnished a bond of $T)t
each, also, according lo the police,
asked to plead guilty and not appear
in court.
N. W. Aylesworth, lia years old. a I
pioneer ot the city and state, and
widely known among sme'.termen. met
;uddcn death at 4 o'elok Sunday!
morning at the C. & A. smelter, w here j
he was employed. Stooping under a :
iiue shaft while putting on a belt. His
( lollies caught in the shall and he was '
picked 111) and beaten to ilealll. 1 1 IS .
iMidy, especially the lower part of lns
legs and his leet. was badly crush" d. 1
Coroner Dunlap summoned a jury i
consisting of Ollie Harris, Joe Sluppi, j
V. II. Tullv. Jess Scliultz, Jack Bain-'
hart and Hal Lippart, whic h viewed
the remains at the scene of the acei- '
dent Aylesw-orth was a single m m
and hid lived four veals at 'he home
'of Bob Powers, (.47 Twelfth ttrcet. He
Howltaly
Monument to the Doge Pietro.Mocenkjo-'
3,1- -
UWLi W-mil: 1 ; If &Saf V
y. y ;r, s r;:s.- f.j llpy t z V ':J
ONE OP THE- IVIOST CELEBRATED SCULPlUritS Of THE ITALIAN RENNAtSS ANCE
COMMEMORATING THtGRtAT tOGt OF VEh'.Ct. PiTRC MOCtNiGO SAVED FROM
DAMAGE. liY AM AUTSvtlAN BOMB.
As I said In my preceding article,
the interior of SS. John and Paul Is
the Pantheon of the Republic of Ven
ice, containing the graves of her most
celebrated doges and generals of the
armies and fleets which conquered the
orient and the powerful tyranny of
the Osman. Those graves, besides rep
resenting the glory of such men as
Moconlgo, Valier, Vendrnmin, Venier,
etc., are considered the most precious
examples of sculpture of the best peri
od of Venetian art.
The monument to the Doge Fletro
had lived in the city about 12 years,
having lieen at one time a foreman
at th) C. i A. smeller. He came to
Globe, this state, from California, in
1S7S. He was a foreman at the Domin
ion smelter at Globe for a long time.
Later he was a foreman at the Shan
non smelter in Clifton.
Judge D. T. Duulap, who for the last '
two years has . been justice of tne,
peace and police judge at Douglas. 1
holding court in the city hall, will pre-1
side for the last time today. W. C. '
Jack, elected to succeed him as justice !
of the peace aiid who will probably be j
appointed police judge also, is report- j
ed to have returned from his vaca
tion on the coast and will take charge
January 1. Judge Dunlap lias no plxns
for tho future. For the present he
will rtst, enjoying suicea.se trom the
worries, perplexities and occasional ;
unpleasantness of dispensing justice
lo friend and foe. The other county of
ficer of this district. Constable J. S.
Kerby, was re-elected.
F.
day
A. MuU'.en was in Doug'ab Satur-1
from l::s cattle ranch ten miles ,
north of I-ow iu and near the line of:
Graham tounty
home in this
.Mr. Mulken owns a
citv on Thirteenth
street but with his famiiy he is now '
residing at his ranch home. He came
here on business and for a visit with
hU daughter. .Miss. Iietta .Mulken.
cashier ci the Owl Drug company.
Speaking ol range conditions .Mr.
Mulken bind thai they were v i.v !
much improved now because of io-;who came to ta'e charge ol the Tuc
. pious rains and snow falling luring sen otii e ul cut a year ago, had
the past five weeks. Mr. Mulken has I previously been stationed in Nogalt s.
three sons in the service of their j He was a Maou and attainted, as well,
nnir.trv -- Flank Newton. F. and with the local lodge of Elks. The re-
Marion .MulUeii. the latter b"!'.g only 1
IS years old. The first named is in the
navy. Mr. Mulken said that Bowie, is '
now sho ving signs of growth and Im- j
proveuient. l onsiuerauie imii'iing i ,
being planned there and il was re-
cently announced that the railroad
shops there were to be materially e-ti-1
lurged. Also considerable road " oi'K , t.u;trist um t;:w universty staff,
is being planned for the near Jutme'xhis is iu lino with ti e rei-. t.tly adopt
in that vicinity. eu- porky uf the authorities of Egypt
About the State
. i which are .leveioji--J by mo University
Prescoit: E. IV Seaman ha., ar-1 ol Arizona. Dr. 1;. il. Forbes, former
, , , .., I.... t;1L,.,il!j dean of the mllege ot agrieuturists
I 1 lll'lll l.i ...... u..-a ......
charge of the local district of til
Mountain States Telephone
graph company, succeeding
littehle-r, deceased.
A. Tele
It M.
Florence: The board of pardons
anil paroles, consisting of the attorney
general, the supci intendent of public
instruction and Curt Miller of Tempo,
has pi-sti.oned its meeting, whi.h was
to have been held on Monday, to
Thursday, January 2.
vVendon: Hiram ordell, a Harqint
iiala miner, has started for a Texas
1'iistei.r inslit itte. seeking relief trom
the ellViis of the Lite ol a small Ciia
inon-ter that lit hvn on the Jian 1
while he w : is iv lining on a hillside.
Its heoi ha.l to be ml away hotore
the jaws could be unlocked. Wood
ell's band and arm were badly i-wol-len
and he rlltfered intense pain.
Tin on:
,killg the letisial lire to
ici og:iz
for bat k
not ser1
i!'e . I.'iilli oi i-ildoi- I'olndny
salary lor iiaie which lie did
it s an instructor at tiie tini
s a mora! oldigitl ion. the
ver.-it
board ol le-eiits at their session on
Arts Saved
V-- : -r - v . . - ... J
Mncenlpo Is a mnsferpfoce executed by
the family Lom'oarilo, who created si
many Jewels of the Renaissance In
Venice, such as the stairway of the
giants in the Does Palace, and the
Church of St Maria d'i Miraeoli in
Venice. Tlie several statues repre
sent the virtues of the man and the
saints to whom he was specially de
voted nnd It Is interesting to consider
how different was the fet-ilng and the
expression of the times two centuries
later for Instance, the munificent
monument to the Dose Valier in the
Saiiudjy, passred a resolution peti
tioning tie 1'i-isianire to tass a bill
for the r-j!'. f o; the erstwhile profes-'
sor. No ;:ti m;t a as made to make
an apprcpriaiion of tiie amount
claimeJ by ('oi')dny out of university
funds. The c.a ni is im-re tnun a year
, i ;';! and could not Le raid by the audi
j tor ia anv event.
Phoenix: Tie inmates of the Mari
copa county j.i.'l havv t !:joyoJ a Christ
mas trtat through the vow of a de-
; vout woman, Maria de Siquieros. w ho
rati prayed for peace, with an oiler
j ing of a dinner for tha imprisoned
1 ones if her pi avers w ere answered be
fore the Holy day. The usual turkey
' feast, served by trie Salvation army,
, was supplemented by a tamale sup
' per that I'.a.l been cckej by the Mex
ican woma.i. The uay was notable
tor charily eisf where and it is be
: licved that all t'.i-s hungry of t'.io com
i nmni;y were fed. The lodge of the
: Elks ltirni h. d baskets loaded
iwilh Christmas di.iner goodie-, whi'e
to ton the ai.ation army added lvS
more bankets uiij clothing in large
ouaiility.
Tucson :
11. Byron .Mock, head of
i.ite of the det-iutment uf
the
U.cal ol
justice, (lic.I r-atur-say nunt at sun
die
o'clock at hi., Louie in the Rinron
apartments, alter a long illness, cul -
niii'.ating iu h i at . a k of ial laenza-
pneumonia. S irvi.ing are a widow
aMi
t-.vo r-inuii chi'circn. .Mr. .Mock,
main. will he taken to -Mr. Mock's
tenner home, cjr.-enville. Tex., f"r iu
ternu-nt the lainily act om;-anying.
Tucson: Tiie Eg pii.in government
j,.,s ,ri.., a application with Dr. II. B.
Vtn Kl-'inSruid, pio-idcnt oj the I'ni-
4.; s; iy of Ari.ona. for an expert date
i to bring to tin.' a.-istance of tne auri
' e ullurisCi of that ioi:n!ry the experi
i er.ee of tlie exivrts in dry farming
ef that country the experience of the
experts In dry farming which are de
veloped bv t.e University of Arizona.
Ir. R. It. Fori-s, formerly doan of the
college of agriculture at the uni
versity, was reuiiii ioiie-.l last year by
the Khedovi.il Agric.iltur.-tl bureau,
and has been at his pot for the past
tls n:--:i;hs. his e: tor's bringing much
good to the arid regions of that coun
try. Tin son : Tin
Meeting of !i'e
Heme assi.ci.ii ion
u c. a p.u;o'i
December .'7. Ti
annual membership
Arizona Children's
w us !u Id iu I lie Y.
Friday altenio.oil,
i- fallowing directors
weie elei ted to -i-ive lor three ears.
i rein January 1. 11M9: Mr. Thomas
Davenport. .Mr? lieinlig W. Isaacson,
M'S l iaieiue C White. Mrs. 15. K.
rihehon, Mrs. Tiiot.i.is ll. Blair, Mrs.
J. I Mail hew... Mis. George. Keid.
Mr: W. I'. Gies.sin.fi- .f Flowing
Wells. The con plcie board of dl
leeioi... ineliidnu B! l.ohlovt r nn-m-iris,
n.piliei's j I. At I at close of the
memher-h p ti:'i-e- the hou I n.s.
setuMed .iiia i-'iiinl !l,e tollowing
oUicers lor the eliMUlti year: l'resi -
v. ' f k .,a.fC5-fJ.jrr
same church, whfch contains Ms
siatue and the s'atues of the different
members of his family. Instead of the
allegory of the man to '..horn tha me
morial was erected.
The second picture shows the mnni
ment efficiently protected, and the
place where the splinter of the bomb
hit the wall of sandhaj without dam
asinz the work. Nearby Is also the
precious monument . Vemlramln by
Lnmharilo, and the statue In bronze of
Sebastlano Venier, the hero of the bat
tle of Lepnnto. None of these monu
ments were damaged by the bomb.
t
dent. .Mrs. Thomas Davenport: vice
presdent. .Mrs. H. E. Heightoa; secre
tary, Mt.i. Thomas It Blair; treas
urer. Mrs. D. W. Isaacson: local
superintendent, Mrs. J. D. Matthews.
A brJ of trustees was chosen. con-
sisting of Mrs. Clarence G. White.
Mrs. J. 1). Uuchanan and Mrs. H. E.
Heighton.
Tne sou: The coming as ion of the V
legislature, which convenes riu
nix on January 13, will be asked for .
en additional dormitory for women at
the I'niveroity of Arizona, a new
dormitory tor men. a new science
buiiuine as an addition to the library
buiiding. These recommendations were
made public yesterday by a member
of the board of regents, after having
teen presented lo the regents by Dr. 1
K. li. oii KleinSmid. presdent of th
universty. The need of the addi
tional buildings is keenly felt owing V
to the crowded condition of the uni
versity at the present time and the
viemauds that are certain to be made
upon its facilities in the next two
y ears.
Phoenix: ' Claiming that the Ari
zona corporation commission did not
have juri.-diction in the matter, the
i'hoi uix Railway company of Arizona,
yesterday instituted court proceedings
jlo have the order of the commission
j that il reconstruct and operate its
j grand avenue line before January 15.
vacated. The traction
Company
charges that the order was unlawful,
unreasonable, unfair and unjust and
beyond the authority of "the commis
sion to make. The traction company
discontinued service on. the Grand
avenue line in April. ISIS. Accord
ing to the complaint, the plaintiff was
c impelled to abandon the use of its
tracks when they became disintegrat
ed as the result of paving north Sev
enth avenue. Tiie operations of 12
years ceased only when it became im
possible to operate, and shortly after
ward the corporation commission cited
the company lo tppear anj show
cause why servico should not be re
established, since it appeared to the
corporation commission that. pubMc
convenience and necessity reuqired It
Negates: First Lieut. Ralph O'Neill
of Nogales. Ariz., one if the American
aces iu Krance and a son of It L.
U'Neill, the Nogales editor, has been
awarded the distinguished service
cross for heroism in action. The offi
cial announcement trom General Per
shing follows: 'First Lieut. Ralph
O'Neill., air service pilot, H7th Aero
squadron, for the following act of ex
traordinary hercism in action ne-ar
Kr.sned. France. July L'l. 191S. A
bronze oak leaf is awarded to Lieut
O'Neill, lo be worn on the distin
guished sirvue cross awarded to hiru
on October VI, iy IS ; Lieut. O-Ncill.
with four other pilots, engaged 12
eiieiny planes discovered hiding in the
sun. Leading the way to an advan
tageous position by a series of bohl
ami skiillul maneuvers, Lieut. O'Neill
shot down the leader of the hostile
format ion. Ti.e other German planes
then closed ill on him. but he climbed
to a position of vantage above them
and returned lo the fight and drove
down another plane. In this encoun
ter he not oniy Jeieated his opponent
in spile ct overwhelming txMs against
him. hut h'so en 'Mod tho roconnaw
Mimr plane to carry on ito work a"
uieiieated.' THE BLSBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 31, 1918.
FIVE
- .
REVIEW WANT ADS
Advertisements under this head at the rate of 1 cent per word for each
Issue, with a minimum charge of 25 cents. Advertisements must reach
The Review office not later than S p. m. for insertion the next morning.
female Help V anted
ANTED Housekeeper to take care
of six children, good home for right
.party. Apply after 4 o'clock at Co
chise. Mike Lazovich'. 5S9
WANTED Girl to do general house
work in Bmall family. Apply No. 81
Cochise Kow, or phone 519. dh-tf
Wanted
WANTED Roomers.
Ross, S3 Jiggerville.
Apply to Mrs.
5S7
WANTED Room. Refined young man
desires room in private family. Ad
dress J. L. V., Review. 5S
WANTED Furnished room with or
...j-jut board with congenial lamily
-..sbee or Warren by young man.
.'. M., care Review. 535
VAXTED Room and board for two
small boys for month or six weeks.
Address O., care Review. dh-tf
FOR RENT Good furnished room.
Wilson, 17 Quality hill. 504
For Sale
FOR SALE) Dodge touring car in
first class condition, fully equipped
with standard and glassed-in winter
top, good tires and two extras. Own
er leaving town, bargain if taken at
once. Phone Red 477. 586
FOR SALE Large range, Hoosier '
cabine't and large round 'table and
enough furniture for two rooms. A.
B. Walker, 97-B Huachu,ca hill. 5SS
FOR SALE Modern four room house
in Warren, furnished. Terms very
reasonable. Phone 748. 604
FOR SALE 160 acres land, fine
shape for winter crop, genuine bot
tom land on river, near railroad and
highway of state. Artisan water.
Bargain to cash buyer. Give your
address. Box 1957, Bisbee. 591
FOR SALE OR TRADE 1915 special
H.-D. motorclcle, cheap, or trade on
Ford car. G. K., Review. 590
FOR SALE Three rooms of furni
ture, house for rent 57 Roberts
avenue, Mason hill. . 558
FOR SALE Four room house. In
quire Brown or Western, South
bisbee. 554
FOR SALE The Pressure cooker.
Phone 734 for cookers or demonstra
tion. Bisbee Mattress Works. 548
FOR SALE Furniture for four rooms.
Leaving town. Call South Bisbee
store. 574
FOR SALE Kitchen cabinet
Grace Williams, Clawson hill.
Mrs.
576
FOR SALE Lady's coat
avenue.
195 Temby
556
FOR SALE: New coal and wood
range. S. L. Duckett, South Bisbee.
5G1
FOR SALE Five room furnished
house. For particulars inquire 101
upper Lowell. 439
FOR SALE Large ice iKx. Broadway
rooms. D34
FOR SALE Six room furnished
house in South Bisbee, also garage.
P. L. Lunt. 532
FOR SALE Cheap, my home, orch
ard, well, garage, lot 150x100, by
Garfield school. Tombstone canyon.
O. G. Kirchner. , 503
FOR SALE Crescent rooming house,
rooms ail frll, good location for
right party. Want to leave town.
500
FOR SALE Twelve room apartment
house, completely furnished. For
particulars phone Blue 711. 527
FOR SALE Furniture of five room
house, bought new in August' Anglo
Persian rugs, leather chairs. Stick
ley living, dining and mahogany bed
room furniture; also Chickcriug
parlor Grand piano, optional. New
cement house lor rent to purchaser.
Second house from new hospital on
right side boulevard, Warren. Ken
nedy. 498
FOR SALE 1917 under-slung Ford
speedster, cheap. Inquire S. Mor
Sanstern, Lowell. 529
FOR SALE 40-acre ranch near Ram
sey canyon, especially adapted fruit
two year trees, bore 20 pounds last
year. No irrigation necessary,
ground ready to set 2500 trees, also
tine lor hogs and chickens. House,
barn, 330 rods farm fence, balance
barbed wire. Cow, chickens, bow,
plonty of water, for $1250. Samuel
Thomas Pyeatt, Garces, Ariz. 422
FOR SALE Two cement houses, one
, ei,;ru-room and one four-room, with
some furniture. Johnson avenue,
No. 3) John.son addition. 348
FOR SALE Mets two passenger car,
good running order. Stevens Elec
tric shop. 339
FOR SALE The Samson house, cor
ner G avenuu and Fourteenth-btreet,
Douglas. Ariz. For further informa
tion apply A. J. Applcii, IS I Tctr.by
avenue, or Box 638, Bisbee, Ariz. 283
FOR SALE rprixut piano, standard
make, nearly new, part on time. Ad
dress, P. O. Box 6C6, Warren. 6'W
FOR SALE Player piano, ouk case,
nearly new, at a bargain, easy pay
ments. A. Z. MegL'dc, jewelui, Lo
well. 598
FOR SALE I'ucalli-d for suits.
Levin, Lowell, Ariz.
M.
597
FOR SALE Bundles or oiil paper at
the Review office. Large buudlus,
price 25c.
Positions Wanted
WANTED By man and wife, job as
cooks or could take charge of kitch
en and dining room. Mining camp
preferred, or would take job on
ranch where man could do general
work and wife cook for hands. Write
giving full particulars, C. R., care
Review. 553
For Rent
FOR RENT Furnished house. Quarry
canyon. Mrs. Flannigan. Thone Blue
617. 5S3
FOR RENT Cabin furnished for
batching. 176 Naco road, Holbrook
stop. 585
jFOR RENT Furnished housekeeping
apartments. ISit Temby avenue, one
block north High school. 601
FOR RENT Two housekeeping
rooms. Apply next Hayes house.
Tombstone canyon. 602
FOR RENT Three rooms and bath in
warm concrete house, unfurnished.
Inquire L. R. Allen, Standard Furni-'
ture company. 603
FOR RENT One room with two beds
and gas heat Over Los Angeles
grocery, Brewery Gulch. 581
FOR RENT Three-room furnished
house. Apply Thomas Snell, 50
High road.
j PTTne fulshel room for
Laundry hill. 559
; FOR RENT Housekeeping
i 80 Upper Lowell.
rooms.
536
j FOR RENT Rooms, partly furnished,
in trie Kock house in South Bisbee.
472
FOR RENT Pasture for grazing cat
tle by month. Samuel Leiendecker,
Hereford, Ariz. 642
Lost
LOST Between Bisbee and Tovrea's
slaughter house, bill book contain
ing money and union card, name
Jean Marx. Finder return to Review
office and receive reward. 605
?OST White Angora cat, $5 reward
if returned to Victoria Rooming
louse. 508
Miscellaneous
GOSSARD CORSETS FOR SALE
From 2 up. All corsets carefully
fitted. Ines Warburton, next Art
zona Grocery store, upper Main. 433
PIANO LESSONS Mrs. B. S. Powell,
Ash apartments, 128 Opera Drive.
677
MADAME J. REA KEYS Next door
to Lowell Waiting Room, Lowell.
Ariz. Clarivoyant and crystal read
er. Dead trance spirit medium, born
with a double veil, without asking
questions gives you dates, facts and
figures, and will read your entire
lite. Hours 10 a. m. to 9 p. m.
Phone 62. Home Phone 559. 634
VISIT MADAM CLARK The well
known Clarivoyant and Palmist.
Are you in trouble of any kind, un
happy, dissatisfied with life, have
domestic, love, or business troubles?
You will be told how to overcome
thrm all. Whatever your trouble is,
I can help you. Hours 10 a. ni. to
8 pm. daily. Lowell Hotel, Rooms
1 and 2, Lowell, Ariz. 8S
WRITE TO "Y. M. C. A. School, Los
Angeles," about Auto, Radio, Com
mercial and Engineering courses.
Train for service. 268
SCECOND HAND CLOTHES Bought
Phone 739, City Dye Works. 604
BUNDLES OF OLD PAPERS At the
Review office. Large bundles, price
23c
Money to Loan
SMALL QUICK LOANS On your per
sonal note to salaried men and wo
men, also on furniture. Cox Loan
company. Room 7, Sparks Kline
building. 166
A NERVOUS WRECK
From Three Tears' Suffering-. Sara
Cardoi Made Her Well.
Texas City, Tex. In an interesting
statement, Mrs. G. H. Schiil, of this town,
says: "For three years I suffered untold
agony with my head. I was unable lb
do any cf my work.
I just wanted to sleep all the time, for
that was the only ease I could get, when
I was asleep. I became a nervous wreck
fust from the awful suffering with my
head.
I was so nervous that the least noise
would make me jump out pf my bed.
had no energy, and was unable to do
anything. My son, a young boy, bad to
do all my household duties.
I was not able to do anything until I
took Cardui. I took three bottles in all
and it surely cured me of those awful
headaches. That has been three years
ago, and I know the cure is permanent,
for 1 have never had any headache since
taking Cardui. . .
Nothing relieved me until ! took Cardui.
It did wonders for me."
Try Cardui for your troubles made
from medicinal ingredients recommended
In medical books as being of benefit in
female troubles, and 40 years of use has
proven that the books are right. Begin
taking Cardui today. - NC-134
1 S. HEALTH SERVICE
ISSUES WARNING
Increase in All Respiratory Dis
eases After the Influenza
Epidemic Probable.
Influenza Expected to Lurk for Month.
How to Guard Against Pneumonia.
Common Colds Highly Catching Im
portance of Suitable Clothing Could
Savt 100,000 Live.
Washington, D. C With the subsid
ence of the epldeaic of Influenza the
attention of health officers Is directed,
to pneumonia, bronchitis and other
diseases of the respiratory system
which regularly cause a large number
of deaths, especially during the winter,
season. According to Rupert Blue,
Surgeon General of the United States
Public Health Service, these diseases
will be especially prevalent this win
ter unless the people are particularly
careful to obey health instructions.
"The present epidemic," said Sur
geon General Blue, "has taught by bit
ter experience how readily a condition
beginning apparently ns a slight cold
mny go on to pneumonia and death.
Although the worst of the epidemic Is
over, there will continue to be a large
number of scattered cases, many of
them mild and unrecognized, which
will be danger spots to be guarded
against." The Surgeon General likened
the present situation to that after a
great fire, saying, "No fire chief who
understands his business stops playing
the hose on the charred debris as soon
ns the flames and visible fire have dis
appeared. On the contrary, he con
tinues the water for hours and even
days, for he knows that there Is dan
cer of the fire rekindling from smol
dering embers."
"Then you fear another outbreak of
I'lfliienza?" he was asked. "Not neces
sarily another large epidemic," said
the Surgeon General, "but unless the
people learn to realize the seriousness
of the danger they will be compelled to
pay a heavy death toll from pneumo
nia and other respiratory diseases.
Common Colds Highly Catching.
"It is encouraging to observe that
people are beginning to learn that or
dinary coughs and colds are highly
catching and are spread from person
to person by means of droplets of
germ laden mucus. Such droplets are
sprayed into the air when careless or
Ignorant people cough or sneeze with
out covering their mouth and nose. It
is also good to know that people have
learned something about the value of
fresh air. In summer, when people
are largely out of doors, the respira
tory diseases (coughs, colds, pneumo
nia, etc.) are infrequent; in the fall,
as people begin to remain indoors, the
respiratory diseases increase; In the
winter, when people are prone to stay
In badly ventilated, overheated rooms,
the respiratory diseases become very
prevalent
Suitable Clothing Important.
"Still another factor In the produc
tion of colds, pneumonia and other re
spiratory diseases is carelessness or Ig
norance of the people regarding suit
able clothing during the- seasons when
the weather suddenly changes, sitting
in warm rooms too heavily dressed or,
what is even more common, especially
among women, dressing so lightly that
windows are kept closed in order to be
comfortably warm. This is a jvory In
jurious practice.
Could Save 100,000 Lives.
"I believe we could easily save one
hundred thousand lives annually In
the United States If all the people
would adopt the system of fresh air
living followed, for example, in tuber
culosis sanatoria. There Is nothing
mysterious about It no specific medi
cine, no vaccine. The important thing
Is right living, good food and plenty of
fresh air.
Droplet Infection Explained In Pictures.
"The Bureau of Public Health,
Treasury Department, has just issued
a striking poster drawn by Berry man,
the well-known Washington cartoonist
The poster exemplifies the modern
method of health education. A few
years ag, under similar circumstances,
the health authorities would have is
sued an official dry but scientifically
accurate bulletin teaching the role of
droplet infection in the spread of re
spiratory diseases. The only ones who
would have understood ' the bulletin
would have 1een tlmse who -already
knew nil about the subject The man
in the street, the plain citizen and the
many millions who toil for their living
would hare had no time and no desire
to wade through the technical phrase
ology." 1 1 or
woe. Tuc
THE HANDKERCHIEF ! ,,
COLDS. INFLUENZA. PNF.UMONIA. AND
TUBERCULOSIS ARE SPREAD THIS WAV
Copies of tills pusrer ran be ob
tained five of charge by writing to the
SurgfM.n Cftienil, U. S. Public Health
Service, Washington, t. C.
REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS I
St
I
Mining and
BY REVIEW
NEW YORK, Dec. 30. Renewed (
liquidation of storks and bonds, the!
i laf.er in unprecedented volume, char-1
acterized the feverishly active trading
on the stock exchange today, several
important isues, including rails, re-
cording lowest quotations of the year.
In all probability, much of the sell
ing of rails was impelled by the many
adverse statements for November sub
mitted by the interstate commerce
commissoin, such systems as Pennsyl
vania, Reading, Baltimore & Ohio,
Canadian Pacific, Chicago & North
western, St. Paul, Rock Island and
New Haven reporting net losses rang
ing from $700,000 to almost $2,000,000.
Recessions among standard rails ran
from 1 to 2 points, but among Issues
of lesser importance losses were more
extensive. Industrials and equip
ments, coppers, motors and oils yield
ed 1 to 3 points and utilities 1 to 5.
The few conspicuous exceptions to
the downward trend were shippings,
Southern Pacific and United States
Steel, the latter losing only the small
est fraction on the moderate rally at
the close. Sales, 1,020,000 shares.
Losses among some of the more
speculative bond isues, including
Pennsylvania'Consolidated 5s, St. Paul
convertible 4V4s, Seaboard Air Line
Adjustment 5s and Interborough
Rapid Transit 5s extended from 2 to
5 per cent, but the heaviness of Lib
erty Issues, especially the fourth 4 "4s
at the new minimum of $94 was the
overshadowing feature.
Sales of bonds were estimated at
$45,000,000, par value, exceeding the
previous record by about $10,000,000.
The Liberty group contributed ap
proximately SO per cent to this total.
Old United States bonds were un
changed on call.
GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, Dec. 30. Corn ascended
today to new high price levels for the
season, owing chiefly to prospects that
stormy weather would further restrict
arrivals of supplies. The market
closed unsettled at the same Satur
day's finish to 2 '4 c higher, with Jan
uary $1.43 to $1.44 and May $1.3614
to $1.36s8. Oats gained a shade, 4c
to c net, and provisons 12c to 77c.
Offerings of corn proved scanty on
the way up, especially for' nearby de
liveries, but pround the top figures
of the day sellers became more nu
merous and there was realizing by
longs who had profits in sight. Shorts,
who feared the effects of a continued
lack of freedom in the crop move
ment, were the chief buyers.
Oats showed independent strength.
Eastern and southern buyers were
active.
Liberal foreign orders helped to lift
provisions. The price paid for meats
was well above a parity with rib
futures.
COTTON MARKET.
NEW YORK, Dec. 30. Cotton
closed steady at a net decline of 65
to 100 points.
METAL MARKET.
NEW YORK. Dec. 20. U-ad Spot,
December, offered at $6.
Spelter Easy, spot and December,
East St. Louis 'delivery offered at
$7.90.
Closing quotations December 30, 1198.
(L. J. Overlook. Broker)
NEW YORK.
Anaconda
Amn. Can
Amn. Car
Amn. Loco
Amn. Smelters
Amn. Sugar
Baldwin
Beth. B
C & O
C. F. &. I
59 K
46
92
6i
75
111
73
60
55 V4
364
Canadian Pacific 1
614
Central Leather
9
Crucible 56 Vi
Distillers 51
Erie 16
Goodrich 55
General Motors 129
Ind. Alcohol 102 V4
Lackawanna 65
Marine . . . '1V
Marine pfd 112
Midvale HVu
Mexican Petroleum 167 Vs
N. Y. C.
TO 1
Northern
Pacific
93
Reading 80
Rubber
79V
Republic Steel
74 '4
Studebaker 50 ',4
Steel
94
Steel pfd
St. Paul
Southern Pacific
Sinclair Oil
Texas Oil
Union Pacific ..,
United Motors . .
U. S. M
112
2S'i
101U
33
176 4
128U
33
44 Vi
DON'T NEGLECT A
RHEUMATIC PAffl
Go after It with Sloan's
Liniment boforo it get9
danjjerom
Apply a liUlf, don't ruh, let it pent'
trctr, and good-by twingt;! Same for
ritcrnal aches, pains, strains, stiiiness
of joints or muscles, lameness, bruises.
Instant relief without mussincss or
soiled clothing. Reliable the biggest
selling liniment year after year. Eco
nomical by reason of enormous sales.
Keep a big bottle ready at all times.
Ask your druggist for Sloan's Liniment.
Financial News
LEASED WIRE
Westinghouse 42
BOSTON,
Adventure 100
Allouez 42
; Az. Coml YlVt
Alaska 31
' Butte 16
C. & A 61
C. & H 430
Chino Zl
C. Range 40,
Chile
174
E. Butte .
Granby ...
G. Can. ...
Goldfield .,
Hancock . .
Indiana . . .
Inspiration
Kennecott
Keweenaw
Lake ...
La Salle .
Miami ...
Mohawk . .
9VI
80 I
30
6
. 75
46
31H
100
4
24
22H
52
3
Mayflower
Nevada 12?i
N. Butte
11 Vi
Nip
Old Doni. ..V
Osceola
Pond Ck
Quincy
Ray Con
Shattuck
Shannon
9
34
40
13
60
20
15
3
42
3i
72 H
8'4
11
5
100
14
Vi
16
1
6
7
5Vi
14
17
100
4
2Vi
3
St. Marys
Superior Boston
Utah Copper
Utah Con
CURBS.
A. & A
Ariz. King
Ariz. Sil. King
Big Ledge
Butte & London
Cal. & Jer
Cornelia
Con. Ariz
Con. Copper
Cosden
Cresson ...
Curtiss
Denn
Dundee
Emma
Federal Oil
Gadsden
Green Monster
Grand Island
Globe Dom
Hull
Howe Sound
Hecla
J. Verde
Magma Copper
Miami Con
Okmulgee
Porphyry
Ray Here
U. Eastern
Verde Ex
Verde Combn
Wol. Ariz
West End
M
11
4')
4
4
25
10
2'. 4
80
314
4'4
36
12
l'4
White Caps 15
Wright Martin
Tuolomne ... .
4
80
OATMAN.
(By Collir & Bretherton.)
Argo 05
Adams 03
Arizona
Ariz-Tom R 02
Big Jim Con 06
Boundary Ccne
Gold Ore 03
Gold Road Bon
Gold Cliff
.06
.04
.15
.04
.10
.02
.04
.02
.15
.06
.06
.13
.03
.20
3.00
.50
.14
1.00
.04
.12
.50
.12
.17
.13
.40
.25
2.1S
.75
.10
.52
.40
6.00
.SO
.50
.12
Lucky Boy 0a
Sunnyside
Telluride
United Western
.10
.02
Red Lion .'
OTHER CURBS.
Gadsden 2.81
Green Monster .37
Butte London 12
Dundee 87
Venture Hill 02
Pitts-Jerome 10
Jerome Verde 44
Ark-Arizona 10
Jerome Portland
Ins-Needles 06
Hull Copper 30
Magma Chief 12
Wolv-Arizona 2.00
Verde Combination 62
Miami Consolidated 02
Kay Copper
Nacozari Consolidated ...
Cou. Cop. Mines 5.87
Porphyry . . .- 50
Cal. & Jerome 44
Feather River
IRENE CASTLE IN !
"CONVICT 993" IS
EAGLE HEADUNER
In "Convict 993," at the Eagle the
ater, today only, Wallace Clifton, its
author, has given an exposition of the I
crook melodrama at its best. The es
sentials of such a picture, action, key
ed in rapid tempo, suspense, a touch
of mystery and a surprise ending that ,
quk't rightfully deserves such an ap- i
puliation have been expertly combined
in the story with results that can be:
imagined of the best. j
Nor has Irene Castle ever been :
awarded a vehicle of like power or one
better suited to her particular talent.
Her role calls largely for action, not
much lor acting, but in the few scenes
where a portrayal of emotional intens
ity is required she r'ses to the situa
tion more competently than ever be-
toie. General tone ol production quite
equals it it does not urpas the hich
siui'd-'tcl aluajs maintaind at the
Astra studio.
Additional vaiin: is claimed by "Con
vict 9'n through the. presence of
Warner, Olind, tho popular serial
heavy, whose past performances and
lypn el! fiiit him to interpret the
character of Mallory. leader of tho
crooks.
Convict 9:t:'," without hesitation
call be classed with the popular Pathe
crook plays that have komo before.
such as "Tho On the Square Girl,"
I'lie Angel Factory" and "Blind
Man's Luck."
LODGE NOTICES
Cards of every fraternal order in the Warren District; giving the es
sential facts of each, their meeting nights, their officers and the place of
gathering will be found under their respective headings in these columns.
BISBPE. LODGE NO. 718.
L. O. O. M.
Meets every Friday
night, Moose HalL
Visiting brothers cor
dially invited.
R. L GLEASON.
Dictator
BISBEE LODGE NO. 10. I. O. O. F.
meets every
Thursday
evening at Odd
Fellows' Hall
Subway street, at 7:30 o'clock. Visiting
brothers cordially invited to attend.
Hail phne 119.
G A. PLUNKETT, N. O.
LEoTER EUSTACE, Sec'v.
PYTHIAN SISTERS
Lilv Temple No. 3 meets every 2nd
and fourth Tuesday evening of each
month at Odd Fellows Hall. Visiting
sisters are cordially invited.
MINNIE BLUM, il. E. C
Phone Black 851.
IDA GLAZE. M. of R. C.
Box 147
FRATERNAL ORDER OF EAGLES
Bisbee Aerie
No. 175. F. O.
E., meets 1st
and 3d Tues
days, 8 p. m..
Eagles' Hall.
Visitors cor
d 1 a 1 1 y wel
come. J. F. WILMOTH. Presdnt
F. C. FENDERSON, Secretary.
C. L. EDMUNDSON, Aerie Physician.
BROTHERHOOD OF AMERICA
YEOMAN
Richard T. Homestead 89b, meet sec
ond and fourth Tuesdays at Medigo
Tich halL Visiting Archers are cor
dially Invited.
F. W. TURNER. Foreman,
Phone Black 463.
P. O. Box 9S1, Warren.
E. D. STINSON,
Correspondent, Box 1496.
WEEK
ENDING JANUARY 4,
1919
Monday 2nd Degree.
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday Blue Regular
Friday
Saturday
W. W. G ID LEY, W M.
B. T. W ATKINS. Sec'y. F. & A. M.
J. W. TOLAND, E. H. P.
C. T. PHILBHOOK, T. I. U.
F. E BENNETT. E C.
F. S. DAVENPORT. Secretary Chap
ter and Commandery.
W. It BANKS. Secretary Council.
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
DREAD NAUGHT
L. O. U NO. 210.
meets In I. O.
O. F. Hall first
and third
MONDAY at
7:30 p. m.
Visiting broth
era cordially
invited to at
tend. WM. T. SMITHAN. W. M.
ROBERT FERGUS, Secretary
P. O. Box 426. Bisbee.
Chicken Feed
Wood, Coal and Hay
INDEPENDENT
FUEL & FEED COJIP'Y
UPPER MAIN STREET
Phone 235
MONEY TO LOAN
Watches, Diamonds, Jewelry, Etc.
Reliable House 19 Branch Store.
United Loan Jewelry Co.
BISBEE .: BREWERY GULCH
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Solicit Your
Patronage
PHONE 58
A Trial Solicited Prompt Delivery
Standard Laundry
FOR "QUALITY AND SERVICE."
A. OWERS. Mgr., Bakerville
Phone 57
BISBEE TRANSFER,
STORAGE & COAL CO.
Warehouse & Office Opposite Depot
PHONES 640 and 50.
WW'
t WJ7 1 1 DiA V 24 Hours ;
' """l ul t-n the flip , i
1 Uvvwwwwvvvvww l
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS
Rathbona Lodge No. 1.
Knight of PythiiM
' meets each Tuesdaj
2 texcept second) in Ode
Fellows' Hall at 7:S
& p. m. Visiting brother
cordially Invited.
v
H. fc. WOOTON, C. C
W. E. McCALLUM. K. of R. 3
LODGE NO. 671
Regular meeting first and third Fri
day of each month. Visiting brother
cordially invited to attend.
JAS. ALLISON. Exalted Ruler
C. W. HICKS. Secretary.
WOODMEN Ol- THE WORLD
Lowell Camp No. 46 will meet every
second and fourth Tuesday at 7:30
p. m, Finnish HalL
D. C. SAXBY. C. C.
O. B. THOMAS, Clerk.
All Woodmen invited.
ORDER OF EASTERN STAR
jf meets in Masonic HaD
In Masonic Hall second and
fourth Tuesdav of eac
month at 7:30 p. m.
MRS. EMMA WOODS. W. M.
Phone 161. Box 43, Bisbee
MRS. JESSIE BEVAN. Sec"y. P. O.
Box 2299, Chairman Relief Com
Phone 16L
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED
AMERICAN MECHANICS
Meets In I. O. O P
flail First and Third
Saturdays. V i s i t it
brother welcome.
S. F. BENTON. Councillor
F. M. WILLIAMS. Rec. Secy.
FRATERNAL
iWrkl BR0THE
BROTHERHOOD
B.
Lodge No
452 meets the 1st
and 3rd Monday
of each month at
Q2s 7:30 94 Medi?o
3 vich HalL VUiv
ing membeis cordially invited.
B. F. MOSS, President
MRS. C. E. FINOTTI, Treasurer.
Box 722. Tel. 236, Red.
HONORA MUNCH. Secretary.
Box 1621.
MODERN WOODMEN CF AMERICA
Bisbee Camp No. 1341
Meets 1st Saturday
iledigovich Hall.
IL L. MOTZ. Consul
J. F. MATHEWSON.
Clerk.
r
CEHOGAN
Office Below
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
Phone 121
REAL ESTATE
RENTALS
FIRE INSURANCE
NOTARY
LEGAL BLANKS
Phone 121
Office Below
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
C H. HOGAN
COLLINS &
BRETHERTON
We Specialize In
JEROME
AND
OATMAN
STOCKS
Jack Bid;;., Main Street
Phone 26 Box 1129
THE REVIEW
Job Department
will furnish you an estimate
on that job on short notice J
THE BISBEE DAILY RLVIEW, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 31, 1918.
SIX
v I
i
i
City Briefs
Has any one visited you? Or have
you entertained? If so. call The
Review after 6 p. m. and tell the
Society Editor. Phone 39.
NEW BOY ARRIVES.
Born to Mr. and Mrs. C. F. Shields.
December 27, at the C. & A. hospital,
a son.
RETURNS FROM PHOENIX.
John True has returned from a brief
business visit to "phoenix.
FOR THE EAST.
Mr. and Mrs. C. V. Crowell and
daughter. Virginia, left yesterday to
visit in New York and Virginia.
STORK PAYS VISIT.
RirTi m Mr snd Mrs. W. T. Owen,
a daughter, Monday. Mother and i
child are doing nicely. j
WENT TO DOUGLAS. j
nonniv stare Mine InsDector Ed- '
ward Massey was in Itouslas yester-l
day on business connected with his
office.
FROM DOUGLAS.
Miss GoWie P.lumenthal and Miss
Lillian Slavin of Douglas are in the
city to spend New Years with friends.
BACK TO DUTY.
Lieut. V. C. Charlston left Sunday
night for Camp Kearny to resume his
post of duty after spending Christmas
here with his family.
PHIL TOVREA BACK.
Phil Tovrea has returned here from
Camp Kearny, Cal.. where he went on
the last draft. He has been die
charged from the service.
HAS RETURNED.
Mrs. E. O. Birgfeld, daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. G. M. Stoltz. has returned
from Kansas City, where she has been
visiting relatives for the past two
months.
TIRE MAN HERE.
A. E. Egley, traveling representative
for Arizona for the Savage Tire cor
poration, spent yesterday in the dis
trict on business. He left last evening
for Douglas.
BACK TO MOUNTAINS.
John Fyatt. a well known cattle
man of the Huachuca mountain sec
tion, has returned to his home ranch,
after spending several days in Bis
tee. VISITING RELATIVES.
Mrs. W. A. Scott, son and daughter
of Abilene, Tejias. have arrived here
to join Mr. Scott, who is employed in
the hardware department of the
Phelps Doge store.
IS DOING NICELY.
Attorney E. J. Flanigan, who was
operated on recently at the Copper
Queen hospital, is reported to be re
covering rapidly and soon ; will be
able to return home.
COLSON IS BETTER.
Frank E. Colson. who is operating
a lease near here, is recovering from
a strain which injured his side recent
ly. He was able to be out on the
streets yesterday. j
OVER FROM TOMBSTONE. i
Porter McDonald of Tombstone was j
in the city yesterday, accompanied ;
bv his step-son. Grant Warner. Mr. j
Warner recently returned to Tomb
stone, having been discharged from
the navy. j
ASSUMES NEW POSITION.
Effective yesterday, H. D. Ross, jr.,
formerly secretary of the Warren Dis
trict commercial club, and at one time
night editor of the Review, became
editor and general manager of the
Review.
HAS RETURNED.
William O. Elliott has returned from
the naval reserve station at New Or
leans and will again become a resi
dent of the Warren district. He en
listed in the naval reserve about three
months ago.
IS CIVILIAN AGAIN.
Dr. F. E. Shine, chief surgeon for
the Phelps Dodge corporation, who re
cently was properly addressed as
"major," has received his discharge
from the army and once more put on
"civil" attire.
ON A VISIT.
Miss Catherine Connolly, clerk of
the probate court of Sedalia, Mo., is
T1
APIT TiirATfD TODAY ONLY
HULL iriLHIi.
PATHE
E
iren
"CONVICT 993"
ACTION KEYED IN RAPID TEMPO, SUSPENSE, A TOUCH OF MYSTERY AND
A SURPRISE ENDING
HAROLD LLYOD COMEDY, "By the Sea Waves"
"ARIZONA REPUBLICAN TRAVEL SERIES"
Adm
Children,
ission:
spending a few days in the Warren
district and is the guest of her aunt
and uncle. Mr. and Mrs. J. J. McCrea
of the Van Horn hotel.
BACK TO MONTGOMERY.
Cpl. Francis Spauldine, who was
here for several days on furlough as
the guest of his parents, Mr. and Mrs. I
Thomas Spaulding. left yesterday for
Montgomery, Ala. He Is a mechanic
in tlie aviation section of the 6ig-
ual corps.
DOUGLAS MANAGER HERE.
Arthur A. Sundin, manager of the
Mountain States Telephone company
at Douglas, was a visitor in Bisbee
yesterday, consulting with Manager F.
S. Cuudiff of the local office on mat
ters related with handling of govern
ment accounts.
ON SHORT FURLOUGH.
Earl Francis, son of J. A. Francis
and wife of Johnson addition, is spend
ing the holidays here with his parents
from Florida, where he is stationed
with the United States navy. He ex
pects to return to his station soon aft
er the new year.
WAS IN CITY.
Miss. Elsie Toles. county school su
perintendent, was in the city yester
day on a short visit. She was accom
panied by her brother, who has just
returned from the university of Ari
zona, where he was taking the mili
tary training course.
DIRECTORY MAN HERE.
W. G. Shaw, representative of a
Denver printing house, publishers of
the Arizona State business Directory,
is new in the Warren district com
piling records for the 1919 issue. He
will remain several days.
UNDELIVERED MESSAGES.
There are undelivered telegrams at
the Western Union for the following:
Daniel Lopez, A. F. Greaves Walker,
Krist Mikarovich, Geo. Marshland,
Ned C. Guernsey, C. E. Smith. A. D.
Christian, Mrs. Louise Huek.
BACK IS HURT.
Ed Corrigan, an employe of the
Shattuck Arizona Mining company,
sustained injuries to his back Sunday
when caught by a small fall of rook
in the place where he was working
underground. He is confined to his
bed at his home in Bisbee.
OVER FROM HUACHUCA.
Lieutenant Waedock, exchange offi
cer at Fort Huachuca, accompanied
by Mr. Van Zant, a civilian employe
at the post, spent yesterday in Bisbee
purchasing supplies. The arrival of
the two was the first local intimation
that the quarantine against influenza
had been raised at the fort.
HAVE RETURNED.
Several Warren district teachers
have returned from Phoenix, where
they went to attend the teachers' in
stitute. Steps were taken there to
urge legislation for the betterment of
the schools. Committees were ap
pointed to prepare and secure tne i
presentation of bills before the legis
lature.
PAYS FINAL DIVIDEND.
Final dividend checks for the bank
rupt Overton Mercantile & Investment
company, whicl had a store m Garden
canyon, near Fort Huachuca. are be
ing mailed to creditors. They amount
to 36 per cent. Messrs. A. L. Heney
of Fairbanks; J. J. Sparks and Ber
tram L. Smith of this city, were trus
tees. BACK TO DUTY. j
The Bisbee young men from the
navy and army who have been spend- j
ing several days here visiting rela-1
tives, have begun to return to their re- j
6pective posts of duty. During tne
past few days the following have left:
Harry Gilespie to Mare Island. Oscar
Cook to San Pedro, Harry J. Cook to
Fort Sam Houston, Mack Long to San
Antonio, K. Kimbrough to Vallejo.
TRIP TO DOUGLAS.
City Marshal J. A. Kempton, Dep
uty Sheriff A. W. Howe and Lee Jo
vanovich spent several hours In
Douglas yesterday, making the trip
by automobile. A gale which, as Mr.
Kempton averred, was blowing "97
miles an hour by the speedometer,"
was encountered near the Smelter
City and made the Bisbeeites happy to
get back under the sheltering hills
when they returned.
METHODIST WATCH MEETING.
There will be a watch meeting at
the Methodist church tonight starting
at 7:30 o'clock. The social hour will
be from 7:30 to 8:30. From that timo
until 10 the congregation will occupy
itself with a musical and literary pro-
1 Continuous
x io xx p. m.
PRESENTS
CASTLE
1
10c; Adults, 15c;
gram. Refreshments will be served
during the next half hour. Religious
services are to start at 10:45 and last
until midnight. Practically all of the
churches of the city will join in the affair.
POSTPONED DANCE SCHEDULED.
The dunce for the benefit of the
fatherless children of Frauce fund,
which was scheduled to be held early
in November but postponed on ac
count of the renewal of the influenza
quarantine, will take place Thursday
night. January 9 at the Warren Dis
trict Country club, it is announced.
All those who purchased tickets for
the affair when it was announced orig
inally are entitled to admission. The
street car schedule in connection with
the affair will be announced later.
WILL BE BISBEE RESIDENT.
Maj. William M. Randolph, who has
been chief surgeon at Camp Harry
Jones for some time, has received his
discharge from the United " States
army and will again take up private
practice and will come to the Warren
district to be associated with the Cop
per Queen medical staff. He entereJ
the service early in the war but got
ti tc
Iirf(
Harrv Jones. IiFfore he entered the
war he was in charge of the Bunker
Hill Mines company hospital at Tomb
stone. He is an uncle of Maj. F. E.
Shine of the Phelps Dodge hospital
staff.
WAS IN CITY.
Deputy Sheriff rercy Bowden was
in the city yesterday on his way to
Tombstone with his "Hudson-Six," in
which he has been running down boot
leggers for the past year. He will
turn the machine over to the sheriff's
office to be delivered to the new sher
iff on January 2. Today he will re
liver his last load of whisky, consist
ing of an auto load captured a few
nights ago from a man named Elbert
of South Bisbee, apprehended near
the "double adobe" schoolhouse, about
16 miles from Bisbee. Mr. Bowden
does not know at present what he
will do after midnight tonight, but
has several positions offered him.
t .
LABOR SHIPMENT DELAYED.
L. B. Doane, special agent of the
government employment service, who
was expected to arrive in Bisbee Sun
day to take charge of a shipment of
laborers for Whipple Barracks, was
unable to come here at that time. In
stead, he will arrive Wednesday morn
ing and leave the same night with the
men who are being gathered for him
by W. R. Ashurst, local agent of the
United States employment service.
Mr. Ashurst is anxious to get more
men. The pay is $3 per day, trans
portation pa;l. Mr. Ashurst said also
that carpenters are needed. However,
carpenters being paid more than la
bor, no transportation is being paid
for them.
VISITOR MAY OPEN
BUSINESS COLLEGE
IN THIS DISTRICT
For the purpose of looking over this
field with a view to the opening in
the Warren district of a first class
business college, James L. Dee, man
ager of the Henryetta, Okla., business
college, arrived in Bisbee yesterday
morning, to remain several days. He
comes here through the activities of
the Warren District Commercial club.
Mr. Dee has been in the business of
promoting and operating business col
leges in the southwest for the past 15
years. In addition, he is one of the
officers of the Oklahoma Typewriter
exchange, and it is possible that with
his coming here a branch of this busi
ness also may be started in Bisbee.
During' the next week or ten days
Mr. Dee will look over the field to
determine if he can successfully ope
rate in the district. Meantime if he
meets with encouragement, he will
place before the citizens of the district
an opportunity to assist in launching
the school, through assuring him of a
certain number of enrollments on the
date of opening.
NAVY CASUALTY LIST
(Pv Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, Dec. 30. The navy
department today announced the
deaths of six enlisted men, who were
lost overboard from the vessels to
which they were attached. They in
clude: Fireman Iria R. Langston, Beorne,
Tex., from the U. S. S. Syckman, De
cember 14.
Arrirn - n w if rt Tiiiir i
-
T -
This includes War Tax
F.',- .? ' j. J ' - ' B
IN
E OFFICIALS
RECEIVE SILVERCLOSES TONIGHT
AS APPREClATIONiFOR 1918 ISSUE
At a banquet attended by the de
partment superintendents, foremen
and shift bosses of the Phelps Dodcc
corporation. Copper Queen branch,
Sunday :ii;ht at the Warren District
Country club, Cpt. J. P. Hodgson and
Gerald Sherman, both officials of the
Phelps Dodge corporation, were each
presented with" a chest of Tiffany sil
ver as a mark of good will from the
men who had worked with them in
the corporation organization.
The presentation was made by Ar
thur Not man, mining superintendent
of the Copper Queen branch. The din
ner was in honor of Captain Hodgson,
who recently departed for Morenci to
take the managership of the Morenci
branch of the Phelps Dodge corpora
tion, and" Mr. Sherman, who has as
sumed the duties of consulting engi
neer for the Phelps Dodge corpora
tion. '
.Mr. Notman, the toastmaster of the
evening, referred to the pleasant rela
tions maintained by the two with tno
men working under them in every ca
pacity and to the pleasure it gave
these men to show their liking for Mr.
Hodgson and Mr. Sherman by making
up a purse among themselves and buy
ing the silver services.
Brief responses were made by Mr.
Hodgson and Mr. Sherman, who ex
pressing their gratitude for the ten
dozen monogramed pieces contained
in each of the sets but more particu
larly for the feeling which had dic
tated their purchase.
Immediately after the formal pre
sentation and acceptance, moving pic
tures showing the New Cornelia's ope
rations at Ajo, were shown.
A pleasant feature of the evening
was the music of J. A. Rancourt. who
played and sang several selections.
Captain Hodgson left Sunday night
for Morenci. His family will join him
there in a short time.
READY TO VACATE
Chairman Vance Johnson of the
board of supervisors will leav this
morning for Tombstone to attend the
last meeting of the present board,
which will wind up its business be
fore vacating for the incoming board.
The present board is composed of Mr.
Johnson of this city, John Rock of
Turner and Jack M. Sparks of Doug
las. They have served for four years.
Under their guidance the business of
the county has j;one forward with sys
tem and efficiency. ' They have built
more miles of good, substantial roads
in the county than all the other
beards of supervisors combined. The
work under their direction has been
permanent.
Under their direction the $1,000,000
bond issue of road bonds was voted
and sold, the highvjy commission or
ganized and paved, graded and
drained roads started.
Messrs. Johnson and Rock are the
retiring members. Supervisor Sparks
will be the holdover and with C. M.
Roberts of Willcox and I. C. E. Adams
of Lowell will compose the new board.
The new board will hold its first
meeting on January 2, when it will be
organized. It is understood that Mr.
Adams will be elected chairman of
the board and that Mr. Roberts favors
his selection.
Fuel Supply for
District Is Low
While there is nothing to become
alarmed about, at present, Bisbee has
been wavering closely to the edge of
its fuel supply all this winter, accord
ing to C. H. Hogan.
"So far, the dealers have been able
to supply the local demand for coal
and wood, but the supply is not what
you would call plentiful," said Mr.
Hogan. "A little tie-up on the railroad
or similar delay might mean real
shortage of fuel in the district. How
ever, as long as we are able to meet
the demand, that is aside from the
question."
All of the fuel dealers of the district
are being kept exceedingly busy as a
result or the present cold snap,
coupled with the disposition on the
part or many householders to pur
chase fuel in small quantities, Mr.
Hogan said.
Former Resident
Dead In T acorn a
Mr. and Mrs. Stewart Hunt of this
district yesterday received news of
the death of their only child. Lois, In
Tacoma, Wash., from an attack of
pneumonia. Lois was a native of Bis
bee. She left here with her parents
about ten years and went to Cali
fornia, where she was afterward mar
ried to Clifford L Gibson and was
living with him at Tacoma at the
time of her death. She was taken 111
on Christmas day with influenza,
which resulted In pneumonia. She
had many friends in Bisbee who went
to srhool with her. i
The body will be brought from Ta
coma to Palo Alto for burial. Mr. and
Mrs. Hunt left here last night on the
Colden State Limited to attend the
funernl.
SUPERVISORS
HAKE
WAR STAMP SALE
'"If every man and wornan of the
Warren district will today purchase
one additional war savings stamp, Co
chise county and the Warren district
will be over the top and in the luO
per cent class." declared J. C. Ryan,
district chairman last evening in re
viewing the present status of the
county. "We must urge each person
to buy at least one more stamp if
possible two. three or four. We are
lagging at the three-quarter post, and
to come neck-to-neck with the leaders
at the finishing line, we must all as
sist," Mr. Ryan declared.
Sale of the stamps of the 191S series
through which the government has
raised many millions in loans and has
encouraged a new spirit of thrift in
every part of the United States, will
close at the end of business hours to
night. On Wednesday stamps of the j
1919 series will be placed on sale at
the postoffice. In the short hours of
today, this district must make up the
remainder of its assigned quota, ex
plained Mr. Ryan, or fall short for the
tirst time in a drive for funds for the
prosecution of the war.
On Saturday, Mr. Ryan explained,
the county was lagging in the cam
paign to raise its quota by approxi
mately $100,000, all of which must be
made up before the close of this year.
To accomplish this Mr. Ryan issued a
plea to all residents or the district to
buy again at least one certificate and
if possible more. The quota for the
county he asserted is $1,061,780, and
of this total there still remains to be
raised in excess or $100,000. As report
ed on December 27 from the state
headquarters at Phoenix, Cochise
county was seventh in standing in the
state with a ratio of but $14.34 per
capita, compared with a per capita re
quirement of $20 to reach 100 per cent.
ENTIRE STATE BEHIND
(Special t The KrvlfW)
PHOENIX, Ariz., Dec. 20. Figures
at the state war savings stamp bead
quarters up to December 27 show that
Arizona is $1,864,808 short of having
secured investors to the quota of the
state in W. S. S. Yavapai county is
still the only county which has reach
ed its quota. Gila county is second.
Coconino third and Maricopa has
climbed up into fourth place by means
of an intensive campaign just before
Christmas.
The quota is based upon $20 per
capital for all the people in the state.
The ratio is figured on that basis. It
Gila county can secure a per capital
investment of less than $2.25 in the
few remaining days of the year, it. too,
will have made a record of 100 per
cent. Coconino county needs a per
capita investment of less than $3 to
do the me but Maricopa must have
an investment of nearly $3.50 to ac
complish this result. Pinal is a little
over $4 per capita behind and Cochise
must secure nearly $6 as an invest
ment from each person, or in that pro
portion, to make a record of 100 per
cent Mohave is in eighth place, be
ing over $7.25 short of the per capita
investment required and the others all
have invested far less than half of the
sum set as goal.
DEFRAUDED FLU FICTIMS
(Bv Rfvlew tanPC TVirel
: NEW YORK, Dec. 30. Accused or
ljaving manufactured and sold to in
fluenza sufferers thousands of boxes of
aspirin tablets, principally composed
of talcum powder, Joseph M. G. Tur,
kay, head of the Verandah Chemical
company of Brooklyn, was found guilty
today of violation of the sanitary code
and sentenced to three years In the
penitentiary with a fine of $500. The
sentence was the most severe ever
imposed In the country for such an
offense.
To-Day
ONLY!
me
1
M
"Daughter of Destiny"
THE STORY OF A GREAT LOVE
The tory of an American guT two marriages first to a rascal who kills a man and
disappears the second, morgantic union, with a prince. Her gTeatness of soul saves her
prince "husband's" life and gains recognition of her rights as his wife. In scenes of
tremendous urge and power, her country our America saves his from annihilation by
the central powers, also
WILLIAM DUNCAN in the TnirdSEpisodc of "THE FIGHT
FOR MILLIONS," and
FATTY ARBUCKLE in "FATTY'S SUITLESS DAY"
lwpr floor. 13c war tax. 2c total 15c Balconv 9c war tax lc total 10c
04
I
. - - - - - F F r
Reserved
RED CROSS ROLL CALL
(Pv Review T.easHt Wire)
SAN FRANCISCO. Dec. 30. Cali
fornia, Nevada and Arizona, registered
723,43a members for the American Red
Cross Christmas roll call, it was an
nounced tcuay.
Business Locals
Private dancing lessons at all hours.
Mrs. Sales' Academy, O. K. street. 552
BLACKSMITH COAL
Just unloaded one car of Ajax
smithing coal. Bropby Carriage com
pany, Lowell. 562
NEW-BONE CORSETS
Will call for measurements. Phone
Black 5S3. 564
SPECIAL TURKEY DINNER .
Today. Cranberry sauce. Presto
Lunch. Musa Idris. 5Sd
NOTICE
NOTICE IS KtREBY GIVEN.
THAT THE CO-PARTNERSHIP OF
HOOD & BLEDSOE. CONSISTING
OF J. T. HOOD AND F. C. BLEDSOE.
DOING BUSINESS IN THE CITY OF
DOUGLAS, COCHISE COUNTY.
STATE OF ARIZONA, AND IN THE
TOWN OF LOWELL. SAID COUNTY
AND STATE, HAS BEEN DIS
SOLVED AND THAT THE SAID J. T.
HOOD IS NOW THE OWNER OF
THE BUSINESS HERETOFORE
CONDUCTED BY SAID PARTNER
SHIP IN SAID CITY OF DOUGLAS
AND WILL PAY ALL CLAIMS AND
Central Theater!
LOWELL Continnoas 1:00 to 11:00 p. m. TODAY
ALICE BRADY
in "Woman and Wife"
A Picture With Human Pathos
Also A GOOD COMEDY
Adults 18c, war tax 2c, total 20c
Children 9c, war tax lc, total 10c
Grand Theater!
TODAY Continuous, 1:00 to 11:00 TOr AY
THE TALONS OF NIGHT REACH OUT FOR HE
SOUL OF AN INNOCENT GIRL
PAUUNE STARK and JACK LIVINGSTON n
"innocent's Progress"
ALSO-
BILLIE RHODES
IN
"Up In The Air"
A Rollicking Comedy
Lower floor 9c, war tax lc, total .10c
Balcony 4c, war tax lc, total 5c
Mill i I. i i hi In I
1UVRIC
THEATER
YOU Have Never
TTMT
A
UNTIL YOU SEE
' - '
seats 22c, war tax 3c, total
i i u i ii ii
EILLS ACAINST SAID BT'SIXES
IN SAID CITY, AND THAT F. I .'
BLEDSOE IS NOW THE OV NER o!
THE BUSINESS HERETOFOH
CONDUCTED BY THE SAID PAR4
NERSHIP IN SAID TOWN OK LI.
WELL, AND WILL PAY AL
CLAIMS AND BILLS AGAINST SAir
BUSINESS ON AND AFTER w
18TH DAY OF DECEMBER. 1913
J. T. HOOD.
313 F. C. BLEDSCa
NOTICE ;
Don't forget the Eagle club dance i
Eagle hall, Saturday. December 3
S:30 p. m. Also New Year's eve dune
Tuesdav. December 31. Dame the ol
i year out ana new year in. Long
! orchestra. 5d
i Dr. Playfalr, Osteopath, 98 Maso
I Hill, Mason car atop. Plioue f lue 64'
Adv. 23
j L. L. Gflrcen sells the New EdiJou
'"The Phonograph With a Soul"
ROCKHILL'S STAGE
Bisbee-Tombstone. Leaves Bisbee:
Bisbee Auto company, 7:45 a. m.. 1:31
p. m. Phone Bisbee 5. Adv
Rosenbarger's Beauty Parlor
moved to Room 13 over S and 10
store. Main street 2U3,
i
The greatest song iT all. Be snrj
to get a copy of the latest song hit;
Mulr Music store. 4-S
Painter and Paper Hanging, Signs.,
C J. BRAND T !
Box 150. 27 Broadway. Phono 456.!
EE-
- ' "
If Continuous
VV J From
-5 1:00 to 11:00
p. M.
Seen
.
25c 1
w ii i T
ROY A
4
r
j
f
! 1
f v.
r