4
WPS
TWO 5
SECTIONS
"n Pages
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service
VOL 21, NO. 24.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JULY 7, 1918.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
ft BBC
t
Em
M V M
mil
Ar2 -
POLICY 1
Pill
BY
nn
OA ft
GEMS i
PREPARING TO
IT
GENERAL MARCH CAN SEE NOTH
ING ELSE IN THEIR PREPARA
TIONS ON FRENCH FRONT AND
SO INFORMS REPRESENTA
TIVES OF PRESS
RUSHING TROOPS OVER
SAYS EVERY. EFFORT BENDING
TOWARD GETTING SECOND MIL
LfON TO FRANCE; HUN PREPA
RATION INDICATES VASTNESS
OF SCOPE
(V.v Review J.ensel Wire)
WASHINGTON, July 6 Germany is
preparing for a renewal of the o!'
lensive on the western front which
may come at any time and with ter
rific force. This is the conclusion
reached by General March, chief of
staff, as indicated today in his weekly
conference w ith newspaper correspon
dents. No other construction is to ba
put upon the present lull he said, and
at the same time he sounded this new
American slogan:
"We have embarked a million men
and we are now going sifter the seeonl
million."
. To memlers of the senate military
committee during their weekly cont'd,
ence it wa3 revealed that more than
a quarter of a million American tioopp
were at various points on the battle
front on July 1. General March point i
ed out that General Koch w?s carry- j
ing out a campaign of nibbling at the 1
enemy front the capture of Vaux by
troops of the American second uivi-
sion. compassed the regular regiments !
having been a striking example vi the,
raid. in force. Other officers ha, e seen
in iiii'c auuiis c Junius ui
greater feasibility of the allied araiie3.
due to increased man power. The fact .
that 251,000 Americans were engaged,
on July 1 indicates the extent to which
American aid is responsible for having
eased the situation in that respect.
The delay of Germans indicates the
great preparations they ura making.
Some officers are inclined to ielieve
that the Italian situation is still tend
ing to hold up German operations in
the west. General Marca made it dear
that the Italians succeeded in tegain
ing all but one small salient and im
mediately improved their- oid posi
tions. There has been nothing to indi
cate the nature of steps Germany may
have taken to offset Austrian reverses.
There are some officers who antici-
pate the appearance of considerable
German reserves in the Austrian line
which would influence the situation in
the west
AMERICANS ARE VALLIANT
WITH THE LUITISH ARMY IN
FRANCE, July 5 (i!y the Associated
Press). All the tnditions of the
United States army for valor were
biiliiantly sustained yesterday in tha
s lecess-ful atta k made against the
Germans south of the river Somme
when for the first time American in
fantrymen took their stand beside
their Pritish cousins and fought shoul
der to shoulder with them against the
common foe.
It was a baptism of fire for the
Yankee soldiers on this front, stared
on Independence day and they came
through with flying colors fitting
comrades for the famous Australian
warriors whom they were assisting.
"The Americans fought like fiends,''
declared one British staff officer.
Thev did all of that. They .were
magnifi ent, and folks at home may be
proud o" the nart their bovs took In
Aul
this uni iue Fourth of Julv celebration ! American troops are coming in for the
in the shell torn vr-l'ey of the wind-' highest praise for the part they took in
ing Somme. They were fighting over) the fighting through Hamel.
grotvid which alrendv had been stain-! Details of the Americans' behavior
ed w ith the blood of thousands of indicate that in the fighting spirit and
brave soldiers.- but no better troops ; effectiveness in pushing back the en
ever charged across the rolling fields i my they were not excelled even by
than the pioneers from the American i
army. Along with this it is possible :
to mv.Mo the cheerful statement that .
(Continued on Vngf Fix!
LABOR DEPARTMENT
REFUSES TO ALLOW
MEXICANS IMPORTED
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. J 'y 6. The de
partment of labor today refused re
quests of bitiiTPinous coal operators
of Arizona that emigration restric
tions be so m iditied as to peimit
the importa'ion of Mexican labor
to work in the Arizona foal minci.
Mexicans wil: be admitted only lor
farmi-r:g. railropd laboring on "I
legnite ce!il mining os emigration
ofliciais hold that iu w'rki;)g i:i
other linen th;v wculd compete
with Ainerlcan labor.
5 1
:
ITALIAN ARMY
AGAIN PRESSING
ON -TO VICTORY
Further Successes Along Piave
and in Coastal Zone Noted !
By Official Statement From
Rome Saturday
" (Mr Review leaped Wire)
ROME, July G. "After five days of
uninterrupted struggle," says the late
official communication, "the enemy
was completely driven on to the left
bank of tlie Piave Saturday after
noon." The Italian statement reads:
"On the lower Piave our pressure Is
continuing firmly Yesterday having
broken up mostoif the stubborn enenjy
defense at every yard, we gained mote
giound, reaching the right bank of
the new Piave from Grisolo to the riv
er mouth. Slore than 400 prisoners. In-
eluding six officers, remained in our
hands.
"A violent counter offensive at
tempted by the enemy in the direction
of Chiesanova was arrested.
"Renewed violent attacks on our
positions on Porte Dl Salton and at
tempts to assault our patrols on Monte
Coroue failed.
"Our aviators were very active In
bombarding enemy troop centers be
yond the lower Piave. Two enemy air
planes were brought down.
"The recapture of all the costal zono
between Capo Sile and the Piave.
which the enemy had occupied and
held since November brilliantly
crowns the victory gained by us In the
fjr!t great battle of our recovery and
enlarges the zone of protection for
Venice.
"Altogether since the 15th of June
503 officers and 23,811 other ranks I
have been made prisoner. Wj also
taputred sixty-three guns, sixty-three
trench jnortars. 1234 machine guns.
3UU
iflles two airplanes, 5,000,000
si,eiis of all kinds and a large Quantity
of telpehone Instruments and recover
ed our artilleries and material, which
in the advanced zone had to be aband
oned during the first phase of the
struggle."
The Italians have succeeded in clear-
I ing the Austrians out of a very con
I siderable part of the terrain the enemy
i had been clinging to near the mouth
of the Piave. between the new and old
beds of the river.
In hard fighting the Austrian resist
ance was broken in the area close to
the Adriatic. General Diaz's troops f
moving the invaders across the new !
bed from Grisolera to the sea. approxi- i
mately five miles. Kour hundred were
taken nrwonera
Vienna admits a loss of ground here.
In the northern part of this low-ly
ing sector northeast of Capo Sile,
where the Austrians are still west of
the new stream they rallied their
forces and counter attacked. General
Diaz's troops stood their ground and
repulsed the enemy.
V.Ttrnt rn tha ftnttnn fpftnt tho flra- '
i- o , ii.I,,i ii,,io!were destroyed and one was driven
fighting of an Intensive nature any-'
where. For the moment the allied plan 1
of local thrusts in the Franco-Belgian
area, calculated to upset such disposi
tions for a new attack as the Germans
might be making on any of the numer-
ous fronts Involved, showed no devel-
opments.
There are nothing but compliments
for the Americans upon the occasion
of their first appearance in an attack
side by side with British troops. To
the Australians who formed the major
portion of the force which carried out
the brilliant Fourth of July attack on
the Amiens front northeast of Villers
Brettoneux is conceded the larger part
of the glory. The hitherto untrlea
the traditionally gallant seasoned vet-j
erans in whose company they received (
their baptism of fire. Their losses are
reported to have been extremely liht. I
I WASHINGTON, July 6. Austrian
losse in the recent unsuccessful of
fensive against Italy and during thj
Italian counter offensive are estimat
ed at between 200,000 and 250.000 In
cluding nt least 50.0o0 killed, in an
official dispatch today from Rome
based upon testimony of numerous
prisoners.
The message says the Austrians per
sist in beatiug the ground about rosi
tions captnred by the Italians with a
strong but Ineffectual artillery fire. It
adds:
"Prisoners taken at Monte Grapna
state the Austrians had no idea they
could be beaten from their strong po
sitions In 20 minutes. The enemy's
losses were very heavy, his rear ser-
vice was badly disorganized and the
troops feel the lack of baggage.
5 LIEUTENANT KILLED
AND STUDENT HURT
I WHEN PLANE FALLS
! LAWTON. Okla.. July G lieut.
! Charles I. Cone, pilot, wis Killed,
J and a student flier seriously in-
jured when their machine "iin
plane side-slipped Into a tail. spin
j from a height of 500 feet, over the
) machine sun target, eight miles
north of Post Field. Fort Sill today.
Cone's home address, the name of
i the injured student, and other de
; tails of the accident-were w ithheld.
ruKra HUMAN
MAYOR KILLED
BY PLANE FALL
John Purroy Mitchell Plunges
to Death 6C0 Feet Through"
Air for Unexplained Rea
son, While Practicing
LAKE CHARLES. La.. Ju'y fi
Maj, John Purroy Mitchell, killed to
day when he fell 600 feet from the
airplane in which he was riding, drop
ped from the pilot's sent and plunged
downward while his plane skimmed
on without a pilot for nearly half a
mile, according to statements tonight
by (Officers at Gerstner aviation field
near here.
An examination of the wrecked ma
chine developed tonight that the s'tfe
tv belt was unfastened at the time of
the accident, causing Maj. Mitchell
to fall from his seat as the plane
went into a nose dive.
M)3.ior Kirhy, commandant of the
fie'd declined tonight to speculate as
to the cause for the belt being un
fastened. It Is a rule that all fliers
frsten themselves in the plane with
the belt before ascending.
The bodv was 'shipped from here
tonirj't lo New Yfjrk where jr v. ill ar
rive Tiiedjiv morning. Mrs. Milchel
accompanied the body.
Major and Mrs. Mitclie came here
from pin Iliego, Oal., June 19. Major
Mi'ehe'l intended to eoienlete his
training in nursuit work while at th?;
Louisiana field. He was regarded)
pmong the officers and cadets as a !
daring and skillful pilot. I
Mijor Mitchel, in excellent spirits
went out to the field ear'y this
ins with his Instructor. Lieut. Johif
Mcraffery. also of New York. The ,
office's were discussing politics up j
until the t'me the former mivnr took
the air. The instructor rennined on j
the ground to observe the student's i
climbing operation. 'Vben abovt 600 !
feet up, Major Mitchell ell from nis'
sent rnd his body struck Mmost ?t I
the feet of Lieutenant McCaffery.
The nirolane. a single seater. scout i
ni.ine went skimming on without a ;
pint for h-Mf a m"e P"l tnen ten ami ;
feet, completely demolished. I
!
LITTLE AIR FIGHTING
-- h. -" ' f-' vi--
LOXDON. July 6. The official re. '
nort on aerial operations says: I
There was little fighting in the si.- ;
On JUly i. 1 WO UeriliaiJ IllUCniue-J
lown out of control,
chines is missing.
One of our ma-
SMALL LOCAL FIGHTS
j announcement 'from the w,r
... ihat nP.ompnta
took place west of Chateau Thierry."
Americans Game and Eager in
Advance Against German Trench
System With Australians July 4
mv Review I.rns'-d Wire)
LONDON, July 6 The Austral
Ian troops advanced their line
northeast of Vlllers-nretonneaux
last night on a front of 2'miO yards,
according to Field Marshal Haig's
report from British headquarters
in France.
AMERICANS GAME AND P 1
WITH THE BRITISH ARMY IN
FRANCE. July 6. (By the Associ
ated Press.) "Hey, Yankee, take
It a bit easy and wait for me.
You aint running no bloody hun
dred yard dash, you know." The
speaker was a giant Austrian,
loose of limb and with face
bronzed by years of constant ex
posure to the sun. His companion
was equally sturdy, his brawn ac
quired on his father's farm in a
far western state. It was dawn of
July 4th. and these two. with
many others from Australia mid
America were Just pushing out
across the still mist-shrouded
field that stretched away along
GREWSONE TASK
OF CRINGING UP
DEAD CONTINUES S
!i
Excursion Steamer's Toll of
Life Will Mount to Between
1C0 and 150 According to
Official Estimates
(I'.y Review I.'.nRI Wlij )
PKCRIA. ill.. July C With two go'v
ernm nt inspectors aboard the steam
er I :'!icasfer, a etui company boil,
careful watch was kept tonight over
the vre k"d f-te".iner Columbia and
its ar;-j of dead, during a storm
which struc k this vicinity. The storm
broke shMpy rfter 9 o'clock, sweep
ing with almost hurricane velocity
o fr I'eoria, and fears that the sunken
steamer would break up were ex
pressed, but communication with a
farm house near - the wreck brought
word that the wind there was not so
strong, although a heavy rain was fall
ing. At the waacn bridge at Pekln a
lockout was being kert for any hodi3s
that might come down the river.
Out of the first fifty-three bodies
checkri) at a Pekin morgue only seven
were men. Six were babies. Early
this evening chief of police Smith of
Pekin declared that the list o dead
will reach o0.
C.Tt. T. A. Cnl'ins of Camp Rradey,
In diut'ft of the rescue work at the
wreck said tonight that all bodies
had been cleared fom the dance floor
but that he rxnected to find more
in the lower floor where it was impos
sible for the divers to reach them
without the aid of wrecking tugs
(Continued 01 Tnge Four)
ASSASSINS SLAY
HON AM
niom-i'T'wo Unknown Persons Enter
Office, Engage in Alterca-
tions, Use Pistols and Bomb
and Then Escape
(P.y K'View L'-nsitl Wire)
rAi;it. Juiy o. uenerai i.ouni on
Mirbach, German ambassador to Uus-
sia, mm oeeu ua.wiimi m il(ii-u , '
according to a IJerlm report received
by the llavas agency. Two unknown
persons were involved in the crime.
Two unknown men asked for an au-
dience with the German ambassador
this morning then attacked him.
wounding him w ith shots from a revol-
1SSAD0R
-
THEN FLEE!
i
ver. They followed this by throwing riguez, Clint Thomas. Peter S hneller. I Interest In the recses, that as chair
grenades. Von Mirbach died almos t J. G. Payne. Scott Melville. J. W. ian of the ways and means committee
immediately. The men fled and have Eastburn. Frank Sakrasen, Gust Carl-' he expected to remain in Washingtcn
nnt been arrested , sen. Thos. Loncgran, Francis Maid- during the recess, to work on the rev-
. ,, . ! ment, Risto Tabakovich, John Ken- enue bill. Later Mr. Kitchin announced
' . J?ET,AI,LS ? f FA R , , nedv' R' XVoUe' Ge0- n'o. J. P. Mag- j that the wavs and means committee
BASEL. July 6. (By Associated . ner. L. F. Burgert. Chas. Tannehill would meet during next Wednesday to
Press. ) ceneral Count on Mirbach. ' John J. O'Donnell. Mike Paravina. Os- hein framlne the eieht billion .ln'll:,r
UL-iiiiuii uimaciMui iu vusi, noa
I
(Continued on Page Six)
the Somme valley toward the
strongholds of the Germans, whom
they were that day to vanquish in
the first Anglo-American attack of
history.
Just ahead of them was a cur
tain of breaking shells from hun
dreds of British guns in the rear,
clearing the way for' their ad
vance, and the Yankees were hav
ing their initial experience wiih
a barrage fire.
"That barrage," continued the
Australian as he cleared a shell
hole with a flying leap, landing be
side his companion, "that barrage
aint no blinking bar to be leaned
against, youngster."
Off on their right other men
from the United States were eag
cily pressing forward with rifles
grasped tensely and faces expect
ant. Out ahead there somewhere
they were to have their initiation
into real warfare. They did not
know exactly what it would be
like but they were running to It
with an Impetuous disregard for
4
MOHAMMED VI IS
PROCLAIMED RULER OF
TURKISH EMPIRE
AMSTFRDAM. July C Mohnpi
med VI wjs proclaimed sultan of
Turkey in th throne room of the
Top Kapu Palace y- terday morn
ing, according to a Consfvitlvople
dispatch received here. The burial
of Mohammed V occurred later,
the coffin being transported from
tiie palace to the mositie of Ejub
by motor boat. The new sultan
followed tli 3 burial pirty In his
steam yacl.t.
j
WOBBLES FILE
DAMAGE SUITS
AT TOMBSTONE
t
I ment until August 12 subject to an
! earlier call by the president.
Action Rronoht r.n Arrnunt nfi 1,1 sPlte of Prudent Wilson's re
action crougm on Account or j qupst empnati(.ally reiterated today
AWecrpA Dpnnriatinn in Inlv ! tnat the resolution authorizing him to
Aiiegea deportation in July take over and operate during the war
Of Last Year Against Min- telegraph telephone cable and radio
! systems be passed before recess, the
ing Companies and Citizens i senate was ready to begin its vacation
, I when the house suddenly blocked the
: plans of the leaders.
I Majority Leader Kitchin had asked
The long threatened "actions for j for immediate consideration of th;j
damages arising out of the denorfa-
tions of July 121 It of last year have
been filed in the superior court Rt
Tombstone, The first report was that
they were to be brought in the United
States court at Tucson. The papers
were received at the clerk's oflice in
Tombstone yesterday morning and the
foice of that office was busy yester-j Senate leaders. Indignant over Mr.
day in filing them. The county Is i Kitchin's action, said congress would
tltino better off thereby as in each be held indefinitely and that vact
case the plair.th'f was required to de- tions, even for a brief time, would not
posit the sum of $10 and as there were be taken. Arrangements were made
160 actions brought the county treas-! for consideration in the senate ot the
uy will be that much better off. It
is reported that the attorneys for th:
plaintiffs Messrs. Struckymer and W.
li. Cleary have received $25 each from
the defendants so that they have col
lected $40(M) in fees so far.
The action iu each histance is for
the sum of $10,000 damages and puni
tive damages in the sum of $10,000.
making each suit for $20,000 with the
i
exception of that of W. li. Cleary who I The house sprang its surprise as th)
asks for $50,000 damages and $20,000 : senates were awaiting wori that the
punitive damages, making a tctal ol concu.-ent resolution had been passed.
3,270.000 w hich they would like 10 i In spite of the president's insistence
recover from the mining companies that the telegraph-telephone legisla
and citizens of the district. 1 tion be enacted as quickly as possible.
John Repoez. Sam Maljkovich, rtich-!
Er1 -banner. Chris Johnson. John Ma-
kl. Ired Johnscn, Sherman Lindouist.
Ed Grant, M. W. Uagan, Andrew Kin-1
sit. H. A. Vauehan. Frank rnrlsim. J
Hunt. IHll Kozal, Perfecto A. Cortez,
riomer Cody, .Michael Hirka, I). Mat
cacci Wilfred Kempt home. Albert
Lh.dkvist. James J. White, J. L. Phil- i
lips. Joe L. King, John Sullivan, Joe !
Hdlman. Richard Langdon. Willian
R. Rogers, Thos. Fahey, Harry Hagan.
John Isaacson, Peter Toomey, John
Lehtimen. Geo. Rico, Dom Gassino,
fiugn Kouerholm
Stanley Stonis. Au
gust Otto, Frank Muhl. Leonard Wicl:,t
Gust Korhon, Angus Nicholson. H. K. I ' am satisfied now that the aitua
West, Louis Asich, llcnito Quintos. j tion in the house Is that a majority of
Fred Hofheins. Frances O'Connors, i the members are against this resolu-
Gnst t'dd, Joseph aBrnis. Nestor Sjo-1
teiii. junus L.eppa.
IV J- ItVmP. Rllht
lichlna. Manuel Fernandez. Tonv Rod- i
car -yianu, itooert .Nome, John I or-1
(Cuntlmied on Page Six)
the death that might be waiting
for them.
Suddenly one boy who had push
ed ahead of the others staggered
back clutching at one arm which
hung helpless by his side. "I was
Just telling you so," muttered the
Australian to his companion.
"Why why, its Tom!" stam
mered the other with a catch In
his voice. It was the first time
he had ever seen a man hit In bat
tle and this was one of his own
pals. 'Too bad. but those things
happen," remarked the veteran.,
tersely, "he can be glad he aint
dead. You fellows have got to
learn not to charge Into a bar
rage. It don't help to lick the
boche. I know how you feel you
want to get at 'em but there's
time, old son. there's time for it."
Thr American fell in beside the Au
stralian and pushed ahead thoughtful
ly. He had had his first vital lesson
in warfare as it is waged today. He
(Continued on Page Two)
VACATION PLAN
I OF CONGRESS IS
I RUDELY JARRED
i
jKitchin Tries to Force Vaca
tion Plan but Fails and Sen
ators Now Are Waxing
Angry and Stubborn
illy R-vl w T'nsil Vir-i
WASHIXGTOX, July C rians for
an immediate recess of congress were
upset late today when the house ad
journed until Monday without acting
upon a concurrent resolution adopted
by the senate providing for an adjourn-
senate resolution nut alter opposition
! developed he withdrew his request
i with the explanation that he believed
! a majority of the house would vota
, against the resolution,
The house adjourned immediately
afterward and upon receiving notice
I of its action the senate also adjourned
I until Monday.
telegraph-telephone resolution with ex
tensive hearings not later than July
13th.
The senate's decision by a margin of
but one vote twenty-sevea lo twenty
six to adjourn until August, which
the house actios forestalled, was said
by leaders to have been prompted by
belief that the wire control legislation
I would not be substantially delayed.
it was believed a majority of both
houses would be only too glad to tak
advantaee of extended hearings.
When the recess resolution was sent
! .-. tho hnnan Renresentntlve Kitchin
jiasked for immediate consideration.
I lleDresentative Hankhead of "Alabama.
asked for a half hour's debate, to
whVh Representative Garner of Tex.is
objected. A roll call for a quorum
followed and at its conclusion Mr.
Kitchin reviewed the executive situa
tion as it related to the recess. He
said he and Senators Martin and Sim
mons had conierred witn t'resioeni
Wilson and then declared:
tion, and I withdraw my request for its
...n.loi.llnn "
Mr tcitchin SnM ho hnd n nersnnnl
revenue bill.
The house was thrown Into an un
! roar when Mr. Kitchin, before with
drawing the request, asked for unan
imous consent to speak for ten min-
i utes.
Representative Sims arose to object
but members drowned out his voice by
calling to him to 'sit down." He fin
ally complied and Mr. Kitchin was
heard.
"This means," said Representative
( Kitchin after the house adjourned.
. "that the recess program is off for
! good unless the senate passes imme-
' riiatrtltt tfiA raanhttlnn r. I .-1 .. t . I
u..v v u v,,,, hiiik lilt; 'i rr-r
dent authority to tnke over the te.?
fraph and telephone lines."
STRIKE IS SETTLED
MANCHFSTKft. y. n. Julv fi The
strike of operatives in the Amoskea?
and Shark Colon Mills was settled to
day o nterms simll.tr fo thoe ar
raigned In the case of the Low "11
strike yesterday, the manufacturers
agreeing to pay the inrreiwe of 15 ner
rent in waces demanded by the strik
ers, he Increase will be paid from
June 17. Pnion leaders nrirnnteed
not to ca'l another strik edruing the
war.
VOTE TO ADJOURN
WASHINGTON. July 6 The senate
senate , '
twenty-
rurren' j
tonight adopted bv a vote of t
seven to twentv-sfx the concurre
resolution to adjourn until August 12
The resolution was offered while Sen-!
ator Sheppard of Texas, was endea-j
oring to call up for consideration the i
$11.0101.1)00 emergency agricultural ai-i
propriations with its amendment fori
war time prohibition. I
WiLSON ID
ADVISORS II
LONG TALK
NO ANNOUNCEMENT MADE EX
CEPT THAT DEFINITE DECISION
HAD BEEN REACHED BY PRESI
DENT AND HIS GROUP OF CAB
INET HEADS
URGENT ALLY APPEAL
WANT AMERICAN AID TO SUP
PRESS GERMAN MENACE IN DIS
TURBED COUNTRY, BUT EXACT
NATURE IS SECRET FOR PRES
ENT r.y Review I-easeO Wirj)
WASHINGTON. July 6. America's
waiting policy in regard- to military
action in Russia is understood to have
ended today at a conference at the
Wtite House between President Wil
son and Secretaries Lansine Raker
and Daniels. Admiral Benson, rhief r
natal operations, and General vre'h
chief of staff.
There was no announcement of :he
conference and probably will be ion
rer the present, but it was officially re
ported that an important decision" i,ad
been reached. Crsent appeal. from
theh allied government for Amr!rin
approval of and co-operation in joint
measures to meet the . German men
ace thro-Th Russia, have been before
President Wilson for several davs.
I'ntil now. however, there has been
no intimation that he hail changed his
posi'inn. based upon recommendations
of his military advisor that a sue
'ess'il mi'itarv peratinn effort in
Russia was not feasible.
For military reasons strictest sec
recv is observed concerning ta ex ict
nature of steps proposed by the aKies.
American and allied naval' forces nw
are guarding war supplies both at
Vladivostok, terminal of the Tran
Sibenan railroad, and Kola, terminal
of the railroad on the Arctic coast
which Is reported threatened by Ger
man forces in the interior.
Belief among the majority of Amer
ican military men that no expedition
- J
on an extended sca'o shou'd be under
taken in the east, apparently has un
dergone no change. An oificial inti
mated the decision did not mean the
sending of any great military f.irce.
The intimation was given that the
conference marked the end of the pe
riod of waiting.
Any military measures that may he
put into e!fect along the trail-- Siberi
an railroad or southward from Kola
will not interfere with the American
plans for lending material aid.
When news came that the Bolshe
vik were offering no resistance to the
efforts of the Finnish-Gernun troops
to cut the railroad to Archangel ind
Ko'a and seize the military stores
at these ploces an3 the whole Murman
(osst 33 well, the military advisors o."
the entente pointed out the great dan
ger that impeded to the closure of the
channel of communication between
the entente powers and the interior of
Russia except that in Siberia.
Yesterday's meeting in Paris of the
Supreme war council is believed to
h ive taken action which influenced the
p.dministhation here.
Lord Reading was an early caller
today upon Secretary of war Baker and
soon after, it became known President
Wilson had summoned the cabinet of
ficers and military chiefs to the White
House.
While the conference was in pro
gress naval oflicers brought maps, in
cluding one of the trans-Siberian rail
road, giving a key to the nature of
the conference. It was made evident
that the results of the conferem-e
would be known officially only throveh
the execution of the plans agreed
upon.
It is regarded as probable that fur
ther decisions must be made by the
simreme war council at Paris, for it
is believed that the conclusions
reached here touch rather the prin
ciples involved.
MINING COMPANIES IN
BUTTE GIVE MEN
SUBSTANTIAL RAISE
BCTTE. Mont.. July 6 The min
ing companies operating in Butte.
Anaconda and Great Falls late to
day announced an increase of fifty
cents a day in the wages of miners.
Under this scale miners will re
ceive $5.75 a day. The increase was
made liecause the war industries
board has raised the price of cop
per to 26 cents a pound. Salaried
employes will receive an Increase
of $15 a month.
Twenty thousand men in Mon
tana are affected. TWO
THE B1SBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JULY 7, 1918.
Milk and Water Analyses
For Distiict Is Given Out
By Bacteriologist Durfee
Analysfs of milk for week ending July 6th:
San Jose per cent of butter fat, 3 4 Total Solids, 11.58
Standard per cent of butter fat, 3.4 Total Solids, 12.3S
Itule per cent of butter fat, 3.9 Total Solids, 12.33
Fitch per cent of butter fat, 3.9 Total Solids, 13.06
F. Guerro per cent of butter fat, 2.3 Total Solids, 11.26
W. S. Hayes per cent of butter fat, 4 1 Total Solids, 13.20
J. Conley . per cent of .butter fat, 2.7 Total Solids, 11.17
W. R. Conley per cent of butter fat, 3.5 Total Solids. 11.83
A. M. Collins . per cent of butter fat, 3.8 Total Solids, 12.84
Note: Under the state law the butter fat requirement is 3.25 and the
solids, 12.
With the rem f rr r r mirta. cheek. It angered him. ' He had his
city and county bacteriologists from a! napusm of are; be had killed, and now
visit of several weeks in the east, re-tUere was no stopping Mm. He ae
sumption of tests of milk from local "Oerateiy charged the nest and hurled
oairies and the water suddIv of the dia- a ooniD among tne grey coais. An-
trict, has been made.
"Besides the analysis of the milk
samples, I analyzed samples of the
water supplied by the Bisbee-Naco
water company, taking my samples
from faucets ia private homes of the
city," said Dr. Durfee. "The result
showed the water to be up to stand
ard in every particular.
"1 expect to take sampues and an
alyze the water at least twice a week
during the summer, as a precaution
ary measure. I lnted also to ana
lyze milk samples at least once a
week. The results will be published
in the Review.
"My observation while in the east,
and I visited New York, Chicago,
Washington and' other important cit
ies, indicated that the country has
awakened to the importance of preven
tion of disease. All over the country
and' especially in the big military can
tonments, preventative measures are
being taken to forestall disease. This
other and still another hand grenade
went spinning into the midst of tne
enemy with tne precision of a baseoall
thrown by an expert. Little spouts of
earth shot up and the rapid firer was
silenced.
Two Germans appeared from the
nearby cover with their hands held
high. "Kamerade" they cried.
The American whirled and fixed
his bayonet.
"No, Yank, no" the Australian
shouted. "The blighters are trying to
surrender. Let 'em alone. We mill
turn 'em over to be sent back. Pretty
creatures, aint they? these cussed
sausage eaters!"
So the allied pair continued on their
adventurous journey and the story of
the early moments of their fighting
was the same as that at the end. They
fought gallantly, side by side; they
killed and they also took prisoners,
and always the American boy did bis
share of the bitter work. It was his
is going to have a beneficial effect! first journey into the land of death,
when the soldiers return home. The
nation will have learned the value of
hygiene and sanitation applied every
day in the year."
AMERICANS GAME
IN ATTACK ON
GERMAN TRENCHES
(Continued from Page One)
must not let his eagerness carry him
ahead too fast so that he would got
caught in that crashing line of steel.
Tom had just learned by burning his
lingers that fire was hot and othei
American boys were getting the same
hard fact driven home to them,
strange as it might seem, that there
was such a thing as too much speed in
rushing the enemy.
The Australian and the American
pushed forward through the lighten
ing gloom. From somewhere far
ahead the German machine gujas be
gan their barking and bullets came
singing,
The western boy fucked sharply as
a screaming bullet Ewished past ; his
ear. "You dodged that one all right:
good work, Yank, good work," the vet
eran said with a grin. "You fellows
are mighty quick."
The American bluBhed under his
tan and smile ruefully. "Oh, we are
good, all right, shorty!" he replied
through clenched teeth.
The bullets kept coming in waves,
but the American did not dodge again.
On they went down the shell-torn
slope that led to the Hamel Wood.
They had encountered no enemy . as
yet, but they were in the zone of
Darbed wire and that tore their legs
cruelly at times as they pushed' on
through the network of sharp spikes.
Then came the first German trench
defense and in a runway were several
gray coats firing with rifles at the
advancing troops.
"Hit them, Yank! At it!" yelled the
Australian, and he hurled himself over
the parapet.
There was no necessity to urge the
Yankee. He was down among the
Germans like a whirlwind, and then
there began a furious lunging and lar
rying with the bayonets. There were
lour Germans in that pit, great strap
ping fellows with pienty of fighl IB
them. The American was in a battle
rage and he fought furiously, but with
the same headwork that characterized
his veteran comrade's methods. It
was a!l over in a moment and the en
iut he did not flinch. They reached
ti:eir objectives a mile and a half
from the starting point and on their
right and left their comrades where
hoiidng positions which they, too, had
torn from the enemy.
'This is where we rest" the Austral
ian asserted as he wiped the sweat
from his brow and leaned against thn
breast work.
"But, why," the American demand
ed. "Why don't we continue? we
could get ahead easily now. We've
got the boche on the run."
"I. know, Yank, so we could," tht.
Australian replied, as he started spec
ulatively toward the east," but Haig
told nie, personally, yesterday that
he wanted me to stay right here. Me
and- Haig had quite a talk about it
and his idea was that if we went any
further we might catch Spanish influ
enza that the- boches have got. So we
better linger here for a while, I reck
on.
"All right." the Yankee said, disap
pointedly. CASUALTY LIST
(Bv Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, July 6. Today's
marine corps casualty list contained
114 names, divided as follows:
Killed in action, 6; died of wounds,
IS: wounded severely, 26; missing in
action, 18; wounded, degree undeter
mined, 62.
Corp. Warren Frund, Austin, Tex.,
and Priv. William R. Morgan, Emery,
Tex., were wounded severely.
Priv. James E. Clark, Bent county,
Colo., Earl W. Davis. Pueblo, Colo;,
and Joe H. Krus, Bryan, lex., were
listed as wounded, degree undeter
mined.
No other man from Colorado, Texas,
Arizona o New Mexico was ncniad in
the list.
The army casualty list contained
names divided as follows:
Killed in action. 15: died of wounis,
2; died of airplane accident, l; died
of disease. 5: died of accident and
other causes. 1; wounded severely, 17;
Missing in action, 2.
Priv. Ray W. Miner, lone, Cal., pre
viously reported severely wounded.
should have been listed as private Ray
W. Minor, Boerne, Tex.
No other man Irom Texas, New
Mexico, Arizona or Colorado was
nented in the list.
FRENCH TAKE PRISONERS
PARIS, July 6. The French war of-
emy lay crumpled in the ditch. The fce tonight Issued the following state-
American had accounted tor two oi ment
them; he had held his own. j "West of Chateau Thierry we made
"Good fellow, Yank, you certainly some progress in the region of bill
can tight!" The Australian said, - but, j No. 204 and took about thirty prld
hell man, don't never stab another i oners.
boche through the chest. You'll bust- "Aviation: From July 1 to 6 our
your steel and there'll be the devil to J aviators brought down or put down oui
pay. Get 'em in the throat!" of action eighteen enemy planes an1
Out of the Hamel Wood, the Ger- get on fire seven captive balloons."
mans were maintaining a wicked flri j
their machine guns but there was not
slackening of the advance fire of the I
Australian or the American. They j WASHINGTON, July 6 Nomina-1
surged forward with heads down and j tlons of eight brigadier generals to be
teeth set. j major generals in the national army
Just a little distanse ahead was 1 1 and of forty-one colonels to be briga
niachine gun nest and a bullet from j dier generals were confirmed tonlgnt
that direction grazed the American's by the senate.
SENATE CONFIRMS
GERMAN COMMERCIAL PROWESS
CHIEFLY OF NATION'S OWN
MANUFACTURE, NOT
llty Review A-Ai-y Wire
WASHINGTON. July 4. Penitent
stories of Germany's commercial
achievements in South and Central
America and the generally accepted
boast that German goods had com
pletely captured those markets under
the intense light of careful investiga
tlcn into merely German propaganda,
circulated with the id?a of scaring all
ether competitors out of the field.
William C. Wells, chief statistician
for the Pan-American Union is author
ity for the statement that for several
years before the wsr Germany actually
was losing ground in Sooth and Cen
tral America and that the greatest
gains were made by the United States.
"Just prior to the European war." j
says Mr. Wells. "German trade in most
of Latin America was in danger of
mmcdiate dissolution. For thirty or '
more years, it is true, German trade '
showed a large and progressive growth :
but this was almost entirely at t'ie j
expense of France. In 1911, German
trade reached Its apex. In Argentina
was centered the German efforts to
capture Iatin-American trade. In 1911 !
the percentages of imports from the ;
seven leading commercial countries to
Argentina were as follows: United i
Kingdom. 29.6; Germany. IS; United j
States. 14.3; Italy. 8; France. 10.4: 1
Belgium. 5.3; aud Spain. 3.1 And this
was Germany's best year. In thirty j
jears Germany has Inf reaped her pro
portion of the Argentine trade 94 per
cent. Italy gained 94 per cent, and the
United States gained 141 per cent. All
the other countries except Belgium
lost, France most heavily. Most of
the German gains were at her ex
pense. "In fourteen cf the Latin-American
countries, notwithstanding the strenu
ous efforts made by Germany to ac
quire or to preserve the trade, the re
sult had been practically failure. The
Imports from Germany in these coun
tries was only slightly over 11 per
cent of the whole and less than one
fourth cf the imports from the I'nited
States.
"Wonderful stories have been told
and are yet being told of German com
mercial success in Latin-America. The
spreading of such stories is and al
ways has been part of the German pro
gram. It creates an atmosphere which
Is supposed to have a depressing ef
fect upon rivals. The English, French,
' Italian, or American exporter is apt
to he reticlent about what he is doing
! in foreign countries. Not so the Ger
man. He claims everything and then
j some.
i "As illustrating that, some time ago
a story came from Buenos Aires to the
effect that agricultural machinery from
1 the I'nited States imported into Arg-
entina since the war was giving great
dissatisfaction; that German machln
I ery used prior to the war was much
j better made and more suitable to the
! country. This story, with much detail
I as to why the German machinery in
. general use in Argentina prior to the
war was better, was published extens
' ively in the United States wth no
. comment whatever. The facts are that
j Germany had no hold on Argentine
agricultural machinery imports. She
had been ousted from this field more
than twenty years ago horse, foot
and dragoons. American machinery
had done the ousting because it was
I better made and more suitable to tne
i country and as a consequence they
' secured It.
I "Beth Germany and the I'ni'.ed
' States are new entrants in the race
for over-sens trade in manufacture,
i but Germany was first in the field.
German manufacturers were pouring
Into the Latin-American field tior.i
; Merico to Argentina in competition
with British and French goods years
; before the United States was shipping
; anything to these countries, except
four, cod.'ish, lumber and the like.
, Yet in 1913. prior to the ou'break of
he war. the United States had passed
; Germany in fourteen of the twentv
countries of Latin-America that is
the United States exceeded Germany
in exports to these fourteen countries
l in the ratio of more than four to om
i $1S7.412)96 to $43,822,005.
I "In the remaining six countries, Ar
I gentina, Brazil. Chile, Paraguay. Bo
livia and Uruguay, the United States
Urade was pver 80 per cent of the Ger-
Illdll uauc Luiirru .-Mttira, f ni,irv
585. Germany, $175,744,271. For the
whole twenty countries the United
States trade exceeded the German ex
ports in the proportion of three to twu.
I "Figures arts sometimes eloquent i!
lone knows how to reaa them, bu: tfie
j never tell quite the whole story. The
point that the figures of trade witii
! Latin America do not tell is that the
I German trade was precarious. som:
i what artificial, and by no means we'l
I based. It bases long credit and creap
I goods. Long credits and cheapness
j are undoubtedly gnod bait with which
to fish for trade, but not necessarily
ior lue dcsi kimu oi iiaut-. runu-i-more.
long credits and cheapness ars
like boomerangs, having a return
curve often to the heart of the cer.
"It was notorious that Grman losses
in Uatin-America were much greater
than British or American losses. Many
well-informed persons believe them to
be greater than both combined. The
Germans had what amounted to al-
Imost a complete monopoly of the bad
risks On the contrary, American loss
es from bad credits were almost neg
ligible. The leading New York hoi
in the South American export fiell.
through one of its officials, has stat
I ed that its losses in South America,
i extending over a long period, atnount
j ed to a very small fraction of one
j per cent.
I "Germany treated Latin-Americans
as on a plane with Chinese and Cen
I tral Africans. It was thought that
' anything might be sold If only cher
enough. Price was everything; qual-
ity nothing. The result might have
It-en .oraeen. The flood of cheap
flimsy and guady Brummagem wares
that poured into Latin-America under
mined the German reputation. Tho
German stamp on an article was a
grave handicap even when the article
itself was not bad. Even the dis
honest subterfuge of placing American
and English labels on German goods
did not save the situation."
Headquarters for Standard Patterns Royal Society Embroidery Goods
Buy Thrift and War Savings' Stanps
Unless you have already bought United States gov
ernment War Savings Stamps to the thousand-dollar
limit, get busy and figure out the utmost you can
do. Thrift Stamps cost 25c, War Savings Stamps
cost $4.18. LEND your MONEfY to the cause for
which so many men are asked to GIVE their LIVES
STAMPS FOR SALE IN ALL DEPARTMENTS.
A Sale of Jewelry 25c
We will place or sale Monday 500 pieces of jewel
ry. Values to $2.00 at 25c your choice. This lot
consists of bar pins, ear rings, broches, chains,
laveliers, s:Ick pins, buttons and dozens of other
articles in the jewelry line. We are closing out
this department, which acocunts for this remarkable
good fortune to you.. (Main Floor
Another Great Underpriced Attraction in the Most
9. Trimmpd Hnf I Beautiful HIGH GRADE SILKS
ui filly ----- -
In Our (P7 nT
Stock pJ-.JO
'
The phenomenal response to our sale of lait week has
depleted the stock considerably, but there are a number
of pretty hats left. And you can alwaysf ind "use for
an extra hat and at this low price marks the call more
urgent. It is impossible to give a description of these
hats but a look will convince you that you must have
Hundred of yard3 of clever color combinations and the most
fashionable plain shades the most popular weaves in endless vari-
ety 36 to 40-inch widths priced fcr this sale at a great reduction.
You Have Choice From the Entire Assortment
MONO A Y
at the Yard
$1.49
Baroncf.e Satins 36-inch
Foulard Salins 36 and 40-inch
Fancy Taffetas 36-inch
Fancy Satins 36-inch'
Fancy Georgette 40-inch
Fancy Lining Satin 36-inch
Silk Ginghams 36-inch
Wash "Satin 36-inch
White Paplin 40-inch
White Faile 40-inch
Black Moire 36-inch
Black Taffeta 36-inch
one.
$1.98
Sale of Wash Skirts
New Lot Just in
Just thirty skirts in this lot in five styles. The mate
rials are gaberdine. This is a rare opportunity for the
woman that wants a serviceable wash skirt for a little
money.
Rain Coats at Special Prices
Exactly twenty coats in this sah? every one a good
style and just at the time they are needed. Materials are
silk, mohair, cravenett in plain colors and black and
white checks. Full length, convertable collars, can be
worn high or low.
One lot Values $6.00 to $7.50 on tale at $3.95
One lot Tan coats, rainproof $2.35
They are just such silks as every woman would be pleased to pur
chase the kind that fashion has favored for this and the coming
season. There are so many different weaves styles and colorings that
you will have to see them to learn just how beautiful they are and
how greatly they have been underpriced for this sale. You will secure
supreme silk satisfaction at $1.49 yard.
A Sale of NECKWEAR
at One-Half Price
Our semi-annual sale of neckwear from some of the most famous manufacturers begins
tomorrow. Neckwear in summer models for dressy wear, for wear with tailored suits, blouses
and dresses; also for sport wear. All at exactly, half the regular selling pi ices. An im
mense assortment, consisting of collars, ties and collar and cuff sets. (Main Isle, First Floor)
Beautiful Pocketbooks
One-Half Price
A large assortment of women's bags and pocketbooks in a great variety of styles and
leathers at this exceptionally low price. In rluded are genuine Walrus, Pin Seal. Russian
calf, etc., in black, tan, plum, khaki and grey, made with the best nickel frames, fitted with
mirror and Coin purse, lined with fancy silks and leather. All at exactly half the regular sell
ing price. (Main Isle. First Floor)
Clean-up of Silk Blouses QC
Georgette and Crepe de Chine tf)Cc?
Values from $5.95 to $12.50, one of a kind in most cases, but excellent
quality of silk. Many dark colors in Georgette crepe, Pussie Willows in
white. Some have fancy collars and cuffs others plain. Crepe de chine
in white, flesh and maze.
Bouses were never so popular as now. Avail yourself for present and
future needs at these unusual values. (Second Floor)
Women's Silk Dresses
Very Special
$9
.95
Practically anything and everything you could wish and all the FAIR
STORE quality better at their first prices than you will find in most
stores but it will take your own eyes to properly appreciate these
dresses. Crepe de chine, taffeta, foulards and George tt; crepe. Colors are
white with blue combinations, solid green, brown, old rose, tans, stripes
and plaids all sizes.
Sale of Women's and Misses' Gingham Dresses $4.95
Wonderful attractive gingham dresses are presented. Values to $8.50. These are our regular stock of extra good quality of ging
ham. The material alone would cost you more than the finished garment They come in large plaids and checks, in combination colors
of pink, blue and lavendar some real striking styles long and short waisted, belted effects some trimmed in contrasting colors
on sale, $4.95. ,
Women's Aprons
Have you secured one of these classy aprons so cool and comfy for home use? Made
of pretty percales in dainty stripes. .Many have contrasting colors on collar and belt and
such pretty pattern j in gingham. They are so different from the ordinary work apron.
Cut ample in size and are very attractive priced from $2.50 to $3.00.
PEGGY JEAN DRESSES
Will be found on display in cur ladies' furnishing goods department in such pretty
plaids and dainty stripes, with larsre pockets, three-quarters sleeves and neat collar, all
cut extra large. Priced from $3. CO to $3.50.
A Word About Corsets
Do you know that we are facing a possible corset
famine? m Materials, such as steel-rubber, are being
commanded for the army, so look ahead a little and
supply your wants before the prices are so high and
stocks so small that you may not be able to find your
special style. At present we have a complete line of
models and sizes in the popular Royal, Worcester, Bon
Ton, La Camille, rubber girdles and athletic corsets
front and back lace high, medium and low bust priced
ftom $1.25 to $12.50. THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JUNE 30, 1918.
THREE
FINE ADDRESS
IS DELIVERED
BY C. T. KNAPP
Local Man Outline, Duty of
America in War Before
I - A..J:- - .1 .. l ,
Large Audience Gathered at
Warren Park Thursday
In an eloquent address, delivered at
the Warren Park Thursday evening. J
Cleon T. Knapp struck the keynote of
America in the war for liberty and
democracy.
He said:
Today is the birthday of a mighty
nation. With the exception of the
birthday of our Savior, no other day
has ever been so universally observed.
In Italy, where centuries ago Caesar's
legions won victories, today is being
observed. In France, where Joan ot
Arc brought glory to the banners of
France; w here Napoleon stilled a mob
and built for himself an empire, today
is being honored. In Kngland, where
the divine rights of kings disappeared
with the head of Charles the Second
where the Magna Charta was born,
today is being revered. Kngland the
nation from whence we came the na
tion which gave us birth the nation
against whom we fought a war of in
dependence now honors this birthday
of our nation. Why do those peoples,
and other peoples so acknowledge us.
It is because this nation gave birth to
a new idea, a new thought in govern
mentbecause it gave birth to a real
democracy. And more it is because
through a century and a half it has j
struggled to perpetuate the ideals of
democracy and in this present world i
crisis, when democracy is on trial, lias !
so nobly responded. Those national
over there iionor and respect this day!
because that flag is in this hour wav- i
ing gloriously with the banners of the !
Allies on the slnnes ...r.d under ihoi,rjve alu ueiennmanon. and l nearo
shadows of the Alps, in the fcrcsts I tljc vr-'-es an tlie band join in "Where
along the Marne, a.:d through the ! I)o We C;' Krom Her- Hoys?" As I
marshes of Flanders. That flag, lion- watched the train fade into the dis
cred and resnected. speaks for a mi-.h-! lan,'p 1 remembered fiat moonlight
ty nation of over one hundred millions i nih; out i,! t!:e Atlantic wnen the
of people and carries a message of Transport Tuscania. Iiulened with tt.e
cheer and confidence to its Allies, j Precious freight of American bays, was
whicii sounds the death line!! of pnls. torpe-iced by one of ihoss Hun wasps
Bian military autecracv.' ; cf ,ho u?:ls- And I saw those boys.
That flag, to which thc-v pay tribute I f,rm Mal? California, from cur
todav. is the pvmbol of 'our national ! own p,a,e of Arizona, as they fulfilled
life. It represents our aspirations it i lht' 1'1'"'''-S of the past, and brayely
riictures our hr.iio.-lt I m!.i..i I waited their turn for the lnebr.ats.
of our national ideals our strength I
and purpose. It is what we make I!
It is glorified bv our lofty at tai.inu nti
it is sullied bv our failures. It waves
over us here as a guarantee of demo -
cratie richts it ca!U m the mrT,i,.a ,,f
otner nations. Its dreams are t.he
dreams of a mighty people. It lias npv
cr entered a con flit t except on the
side of right. It h?s never nown de
feat and through ihe living God who
made us, never will. It is greater than
the eagles under which the Roman
Kmnire fouirht irrnmlf-r Mirn hr f-"s. I
cenu of the Saracenic race-nobler I "u:" a s',ir'i,lal a aliening. I hav:
than the banners of the Crusaders of f 011 ,?"-vs frf"" ,hp sllini3 alul tllp
the Middle Ages, more beautiful iu har ,0s an(1 'Jt tf U"' '' Vw of the
mony of colors and what it represents !
than anv national emblem tht r.i !
I w ish that I might bring some mes-;
eage present seme thought idcture
some ideil that would tell the story
of the fiag, but I feel unequal to t'iei0" nls L,a'K a '""nded coairede. l'eth
task. Its story stretches from iTV-! v,'erf covf,red with bleed and the filth
mouth Rock to Flanders. Its storv is ' of ,he trenches. As I watched them I
the story of a million heart aches "aidif'HUId not ko011 ,,iK'k ,,Ie tears. Yet.
a million cheers of the thunder of bat 1 as he Pas,'1 MP- 'e looked up into my
tlefields and the quiet of humble fire-1 "f fi"'' si"llP(I- Such a smile as
sides of rich and poor, the storv oP.mlKht ,l:,vo I:,s;e,, the lips of our Sav
the millions of a r?ee whose efforts! ,r "r'ua rross- And when 1
through a century and mere have ni ide ' IIik of "le "eiermination. the brav-
real the dreams of the common nennle I
It is the growth of thought that
makes history. Autocratic i-nd demo-jj'"
cratic thought .'lave clashed, and w hen
Ihls Trent cnntlw-t fulo tot. 1.;.
onp nr rtt Iter u-iil K c,i,arnA T'n 1
less democracy represents the higher!
Ideals and loftier purpeses, and can
in a he us way more rueenvc It nius
bow to autoracv. The modern linn
is no better than the ancient Hun, led I
by Atilla through F:urope. who centu-j
ries ago threatenel civilization itself. ,
The mind of the German people, the
modern Hun, is obsessed with the
thought that military milit hhall be
supreme. That people, todav blind' d I """ " ll,dl s reicn irom the
by that false thought. 13 kneeling be-l 's!!.ows of ViilIe-v Forge to t.'ie mud and
neath the heel of a fanatical ruler lsilme of thp trenches of France. You
whose cruelties outrival even those of:"l2y never p,ay a P?rt in a Pallant
a Xero. The autocracy of Germanv : charpe aproi!s Xo ?,Ian'8 Land you
has obscured the vision and gagged the i "lay r!P.ver llMr tnp rear of cannon or
expression cf free thought in Germany ! , "ow the d'n ( f ,,a't'p- t P"n you may
There is no such thing as rule by the ! '1.'evf'.'r1 ,be P'"cd a cross of honor
people, in Germany. They are bound, ! ,0,,r f , of Iabor may bp in the Pen
body and soul to the wheels of the l?e .Iesprt: ln bowels of the
kaiser's military chariot and for four ' . ,n Jhe ofUre "r b.v a humble
years have been dragged from one I "rfs"'e. Still you are a part of this
battle field to another. Their self-flat-' 1rwit rmy of 'p'"" racy. I.e.t your
tered culture, if eaeed bv their atron-1 "t'"'rruI!latlcn onJ '""r patriotism call
ties in this present war, is no better
than the culture of the ancient slash
faced Hun, or the most ignerant sav-
aee in thp drknocc .r Afrii tia
military autocracy of Germany dreams!8. w(or'df'rfjl Pride and satisfaction, in
of a worbl ir.miMi,.n i ti, i,n. n,i,. Ilul '" played a part in preserving
it may impese its autocratic rule and l"?;s "a'V'n' ''r th! P""I1. fr the peo
culture uK,n all the peoples of tl.ejple and ,,y xhp P"0''10
earth. No indiciment of that .German "
military autocracy can be too severe.
Recent history proves that its diplo
matic relations have been built unon
deceit and lies. Long after you and I
are gone, when history rdiall carefully
record the happenings of these da vs.
it will tell the story of a blinded Ger
man people, led by a -half-crazv kMser.
attempting to impose upon the ( ivil-jof
lzeu world German Kultur and rule bv
jiiniLarv n jni ir ki ti.ii tun sf.T.
of a war greater than afl other war
the history of the world. It will tell
the story of loss of life that i-, meas-
ured in millions. It will also tell tho!di.i(p hurrh nl tlint T.hirp hv thn llav i
story of the downfall of a Hun peopk
and of a military climie from thi
ashes of whirh will arise a cleaner
German people, self ruled and se!f re
specting. I nt I will tell yci why C.ernirmy can
not win. God never fir its upon the
side t'a.t speaks Ti:h 9 lying t ineac;
that knows no honor, keeps no pie lg;
sacred. He never fights upon the side
that turns its soldiers hose to rape
and loot. That poisons wells and food
supplies; that destroys his churches j
and cathedrals; that torpedoes hosiii-i
ta! ships, filled with wounded men; 1
that bombs hospli-ls hark of the but
tle lines; that drives .hundreds and
thousands of girl:; ii in lhir homes
tml fureec tliein tt vwh-L- in tltn
under the supervision of lustful guards
He does not fight on the side that mut-
ilate
and kills lillle children for fun.
" Tl
as I presu.no
little Kill who
was it rribly maimc d in cue of the kai
ser's raids over I.rndon. One of bei
: little hands was gone at the wrist, and .
;tlie oUler was ,( u,tl,y sh!,(toreil tbat ,
it was useless. She was just a wan.
abbreviated fragment of humanity. She i
was lying with her head propped upon
a pillow, and there was a pitiable smile I
upon her little pinched fare as to her I
breast, with the bandaged stumps of
her arms, she' cuddled a little china
doll, to which she was singing. A trib-;
ute to the kaiser. Xo barbarian could j
have done a better j'.b. lint somehow
I feel that sometime God will make,
somebody pay for that. God does not j
fight upon the side ihat sinks ships!
fiiled with women and children; that:
mistreats, abuses and crucifies prison- j
ers of"war; that rewards brutality and j
greed; God has ever fought upon the i
side of decency and right through all
the centuries, and lie is there today,
waiting and watching until the fulness
of his purpose has been accomplished. '
The Hun today is being hcid in the
mud cf Flandprs by the courage and i
strength of the Allied armies. The j
dawn of the day is not very far distant j
when the grit, determination and brav
ery of the millions of American boys
will drive that Hun back to Periin. A
few days ago in the early .''ours of the
morning I was standing at a railroad
station in one of the small cities in this
great Southwest, and I saw the conch
es of the train being filled with hun
dreds cf boys on tlv ir way to an army
camp to be trained to fight this br'f.s?
cf a Hi-n. I saw about me girls and
women wiui mile children. 1 saw i
their tfars I heard the music of the
band I saw the .hand-shakes and the
go( dbye kisses, and as the train pulled
out a mighty shout went up. Hundreds
of wet handkerchiefs waved farewells
and those hundreds of boys shouted a
wud-bye through smiles that blended
r'w r ,ru' '-"'n' n. v- '"i Ms sorrow
;,or t!l0se Uul0'i lo r",d 8 P,a'
1 1"t'IJO;lts- an fpl a wonderful pride in
I ,,;lt ,-v-'p of American boyhood, wilo
iian s,alul rt he l cI sinking ves-
sel rtil'ca ls i-rrying mm tc a certain
death, and ytit with a cltjr voice sing: jj
I read a li tter the other day T.ritten i
by .. man identln'ed wth V. M. C. A.
w.jrk in France. He said: "1 wish I
could make you people of America mi
derUr.i.d and know bow our hoys have
',0f" transfigured. To some it has
w.orJ(l an,i from w',om t!,eir 'oii'iin.ni- j
u expectea no goo.t ciiange into mm
.f character and purpose. The o'her
; dav, after a battle. I
' ."l 1 u-'l"e. i :-a biaggeng
; I'-'wuru.i me a wouiiuen nay carrying
r UJeK'"pl ln(,i!e American
I h( yt. on the way to the training camp,
te d-cks cf the Tuscania. in the
1 ''ln"d r 'No SI!1"S Land - I ask myself
me question: "Win thev whin the
Hun
ind the nuswer comes from
Thev will!"
Vou men and women of America.
arry on. Those American. !)ov3 are
1 !;'"lnR 111 trenches of Flanders
,!'a,t denlt,r-y Tnight live. You must
"'lt ,'Pre to K,ve ,l!eI" ,hp strength to
la"y cn tllPlr ,,aUle. I'pon you as
well as upon those boys over there
falls the duty of perpetuating those
democratic institutions made possible
you to greater sacrifices, and though
your name may never be recorded up
on (.he pates of history, deep down
v.unin ycurseit yoi: wMl know and feel
MISS HUSSON AND
MR.TEMBYAREWED:
TIrf. fi tl n r.lincoTilon t r.f 41, ii'mLlinn I
James Leonard Tembv and Miss I
Khue H;:,m will he received with i
tre't interest in the district. Accord-1
ji;;., to mi aivitmt in a Coltoii. Cal., j
M'pcr the vouiic collide ware m irried I
totid.tv Jiflprpnin I J)v in llio ATt.tK.
P. Carroll.
IyCon.--.rd Tcmby Is well known here '
where he was employed at the liisbee i
Smoiie House. He left Itfibee several !
n onrh airo and went to Colten. Mi-;s ! snrface haillv. There still U time.
Husson who h 's ma:iy friend i here, ' thou :b. to sav. the road i" promet at
Is the (Trughter o." Mr. and Mrs. Thorn-, tention Is given It.
as I;iiH5cn end was for some time a; "Ijist Monday the beard telegraphed
cleik in the women's ready-to-wear de- j Mr. Atood iyl'ing his attention to
pnrtinent of the I'helps Dodge store, j the condition of th" roul and asked
Mr. and Mrs. Temby wil! make their j for immediate action. I'p io the pres.
lionie in C'olton. ent time, as far as I have been able
21 i
-J
ft
jj vv
1 For
B
TOMORROW NIGHT
M
EARNEST DIXIE,- of Bisbee
fiiGHWAY GOES
TO PIECES IN
SHORT ORDfe
Responsibility for Present
Condition of Bisbee-Tomb-stone
Road With State En
gineer, Says Johnson
Cochise county and the stp.te joint-1
iy have spent between $2UO,000 nud
$300,000 impioving the highway be- j
tween Iiisbce and Tombstone over the
divide. This road rapidly is going to
pKces and but one or two heavy rain.-,
netd 1 :11 to make it next to impossible
In parts. Responsibility for this con
dition was placed on the state engt
need, Ll. M. Aiwood. by Vance M.
Johnson, chairman of the board of
supervisors of Cochise county, in an 1
interview yesterday. The relusr.l ot ' Vr. Gror-sn .-oS at nno a Mn!die
Atwood to co-operate with the board in the K"g'ish armv. having serv I
of supervisors, his refusal to expend ' for several vars before pecurin? h's
Cochise county road funds now in his ' Htsrhnrre aid coming to Aierl"T. lie
keeping, and hi3 refusal even to an- "'Ps been eiPt loved lv the Conner
swer niessiges sent him calling atten- Oiieon at the Sacrrnen'- shafi or the
ticn to the urgent need, of the pren tSf s-- p yr-!rs. t'nt .Kncland Is c;l!
s;tuation combine. Johnson says, t a nr ' pr sons from :.!! larxls torn he-1
mena'e to all the past expenditures )v tv,o epven spt mvl shal' ti-ev not
made on the highway. ' limi ho- ml" As Grogpn said whe-i
Ke'.wfen $3)0,01111 Pnd $:!00.000 hps, he e:it nwav;
been :-.p nt In building and maintain-' "Yr- hp r."me is p l!tl. b't 'rfvi.
ing this road." said Mr. John-.on. "Its fi "(iMt. -
upneep cnarge against, ine rc.aa ilip.(
as very moderate. One or two men
j nnd teams, to drag the surface in
order to maintain the grade, and to
ke, the ditches clear, were al' that
u-i-rn rmmttwl tn l-nph it in u n ..ni 1
condition as on the day it was buii;;
belter in fact.
"Thi:; year, iiie state engineer. M'r.
Awuod. hating the road funds in iiii
charge, ha-! refused so far to take
n n elfin l-rl." In (r Intl'flpH tha, r.rncnpvi.
Inn r.f thla rnflit
"The road has begun to cet in bad
condition in severs 1 p'a-es. Ditches
rave been fiiled so that when reins
have come the water has washed the
Championship
onday,
July 8th
-a
" ' J
, I
.-J
to ksrn, he has not rei Ued to our
a'PM.'age.
1 'The bo;.rd of FUpervfntirs is rihicp;j
I in r oifficii't position ns p-ior to this
time -,ve alwavs have? acted joint';- in
I -d ivnttcrp w 'th the b(to ii"I'io-r i
(Mr. At wood appears to ve Ignoring;
j the board. In fac we have had it!
rcno'en to t;s ti.:u no mipnaefl to pur-
coi-rso cc!!s.-:toi'llv. I there -
1- nuh'"'- rhovhi kmv. -
here Mam lies in this nm( -
"i: n-it hr tho-.icti th. nr.ni"- r,
,p"l1p'' rc-a-VT no' rvniln;-r
At ih nr-v.m timo h' t- p-ob ibtv
t.rfvrpn fS.non f" oo in ihr
Kn,l : r,' i o cintr. p-H-ice- of t'ie
vene.- of 'iv-vn, of Co-b '
rri..ifv. -.I f-.), -lim-'d y t:is
-rd -n-1 ;hcrs -it'-- rnu"f-. I
fnpot fat'-om '.Tr. Mwivl'i -ttitude
nlr
he fq trvM- to 'sm-p the rf--
He's money' !rrl tn fs'" ft p
,,rp f pxp"l if o" ""ede.i work
i r"P n'ay- V p"inion " -
JOIN ALLIED FORCES I
Josenh Orozan of Warren b.ft lnsr.
night for Vancouver. Canada, to fiirhf
for the
Hies under the 1'nion lack,
v,r br.th Fn'Mand nnd Irfl'i'1
nut" the war Is won or the I'uns gt
m"
"Mr.. r
wil! remain
"t mi' ii-p- little
'n te df-tiict.
-.!rl
WILL VETO BILL
WARIMYGTON. ''"'v P..-rVviM'i-i
Wilson will veto the nnnual nsncil
tnral pr.nronri.it Ion hill liTv-nse of the
rider perecd to by both hvti-iM tedr.v
fiving the government mlnlrntipi rnp'
nntpod whpnt price at J'M a hn-'h'1'.
This Information was tr-.n -mi'ted to
Chairman I ever of the ho'ise nirrlcul
tnral committee todav 1'ist efre
SnpnVor Clark hrd signed the bil' urn.
I'mlnnry to ferd!ng it to the White
House.
.
''tll'ed v
tn -t-f-i.-
Vxtop-jin" i .lerorie
nr. ttip ir io n-i.l I7n r
foot 'pvcls 'n.l i i pner ted o OP" ! UP
millions of dollars' worth of ore.
"9
1 Lif U
o
il'ate
EETWEEN
PAT
CONOLLY
OF EUTTE AND
EARNEST
DIXIE
OF BISBEE
$500 Side Bet
for the best two out of
three falls, Police Gztta
rules. Tvo fast preiim
inaiics. Doors cpen ?.t 8
o'clock.
Ladi
if.ctl.
ics are mvi
ADMISSION
Ringside $2.C0
Reserve $1.50
TICKETS ON SALE AT
ALL CIGAR STANDS
C. S WILSON,
Referee
J. CROUCH,
Pfonioler
NOTE The theater vAV
be air couled. Core early.
GOWELL ENTKUSEO BY
Y'S PART IN WAR
cr.int II. Dowrll. genera! manager
of the Copper Queen, returned to iiis-
: bof) tiie ether da " n-.:m the gre'it Y.
.M. (. ,,,; , ... s toni-
; ii!hii,c! ..'.r wh t'be s.w .'. :r.i
!tiero of the ot i;!tio:i's great work
jand confident o: even vreater things
j ti e I. 'inc. ne kn:ws 01 his ov.11
know). Jge tf the j.r.-ftical t,,.0d the as-'
j :v-ia,i ju h:; ; :ie in iriz..m:. :.n.t tn-
: hai l !r,t ss i : 1 pre mot. d rong the 1
j w.rke:s. ami the comfort : nd aid it
it hu:- extea.l-d to tl.e-i:. Tae-j:.-e,
when the V turned its att -ntion to
: world war work. Mr. iMwell. holnc .
j familiar with its fundamentals ami i'':, :
'lil- actual ae orni.'i-h : a' -. .ii in a no
ii njsltion and n lr-e.ie i f mind nut to be
i ens! v Ktirfriscd at the ; vip and .aic-
U'?s c. its worK.
j "Hit," he said. "1 v.ai c-.tonihed
! at what I 'earned rt the ??.n Atit-n io
Latheiiii' of the brci-i'i snd e'e't of
lt:e ns .. iali'..:i v;ir work. Joi.n K.
Jlott, recently retaimd fr; in the vyest-
ic;n iiont. told us i" . M. C A. ac-,
tivities and o.'i anii'ition and heroism
a" the way from Switstarliind to the
1 sr". tllat thrilled cveryer.e ol the "nit)
"electees present with pride.
I cave always w.ougnt 01 wcik-
frs a 1 11011 comii.i! anl far behind Ihe
lines and out of the dan: cr ;:o.ie. but
after hearing John Moi's epics of
the great war. I see them crowding up
closer and closer to the fruit ime
In rai.ge of shell !i-e in serve hot
coffee to figl ting mc.i .'id i are for t!ie
A'ounded and cheer the reserve.?. In
the recent German of ei.sive over it.)
Y huts were canMir'-d, r.ral 111:1:7 Y
winders were taken i' i'U'.ers a ong
with th Pi. T!;ey l,ne a I'i.h'.t o
sMcking to their iieils. !'i"e Y men
in France. I wish every nan and
woman in the Y'nrrc:i district could
have beard Mr. Mott. He h 1 be-m
all al.ii- that battle line from Ypr-s
to the A mr ii ri'li h'-Id sec' or in To il.
A Ii.'. brand, carivst rn-.n. made bin
ter and more earner Ir. wat h" has
seen and done n the wcM in front."
AT THE CENTRAL
A frc,nti0r !.ot"l in the west of ye.i'-s
r.go. Is the repiie of tlivll'ing action -'n
the Metro r 1 1 t .a r fcties ti i -1 1 . "Tl:e
C'-'m." -firriim' t-M'th Stme-, which
will be the attraction nt the Central
theater on Morda". 'ri''- '. -f -e !' .
rcn '.er'ii n of the IJroadway success
rf :!: s.il e ni.me
; This hotel around which the life
cr 1 lie little mining town cf M li.iraiM
' enters, is dwelling pl.n e, !--'ii,ldiiu
house, silicon. i lage store, poslofifce,
and
vaudeville theater. In the midst
A V 2j 5 Ci
v. :i t-
4
rv
.
S
v. -
X
4
PAT CONOLLY, of Butte
If
.1' 'he shining glasses 0:1 it", bar
Tt ip.c's a Ft'.iri'ed puma, as eiiJ.mca of
the marksmanship of one of in pat
roar. K'k's horns i'.nl 1'k's head.i
aJ-irn the walls. Situs gh ing evi
de.iee of homely humor are p!,i v,l ai
:.riois angles, such as "Get a Girl
and H -," "We Start Cur Own
Tro ')le." and "'e Day 'Km to the
.'r),." Oil Iannis swing from the ceil
in v. i!:i:minat:ng 'he . -T.es cf j illity
bel.nv. A :i.i!:o in one corner is pre.
'.i'lid over bv "rag time artist " who
aco!i:n:uiie Il Tl Jones (Fdith Storey)
in her vocal selections. Through the
swinging doors one prss.'s to the on
er?' sfore. i? which h.inus the biard
ont:in'ii.; the keys to the rooms. On
one side of til! so d.icr-: are sob! lrv
g'r 's ;n th- other, "wet goods."
I"oi,r. notatoei and tin-ware crowd
t;:n:i c,;!. er for space, and the adver
tisements cf standard RO'His are ilauiit
ingly displayed.
AT THE EACLE
If you were r becrtifu! young v.om
ci5. and your first husband hail been
a ri'.ie.g privy officer who had died
a hero; nnd yaur seconil h hand wa-?
an old man of title and wealth, bu"
stupid and conceited, whom you had
ma Tied in - moment cf weakness;,
and you found vour love f: r yonr dead
husband growing stronger and strang
er, unti: yo;i cou'd not he.r the pres
ence of your set ond hushand: n-'d. to'
complicate matters, if your first hus-
u.iuu s mi iiit im M'ii mi iot. won
o I what woidd ycu do? These are
some of the problems that Klsie Fer
guson battles with in her fatest Art
( la't pi:'ure. llcse of the World." in
w-ii.-h the fovelv star does seme re
markable enioliciml acting, .tisi Fei
gr.son lias won incst of her laurels in
heavy roles, ,:nd as "Kosamond ," the
heroine of the fi;;;i story she ha a
port we' I suited to her talents. Th
j-left; re is coniii-g to tiie KaIe tl'.cato
t: 'lay.
HOTELWTllfE
THEIR SUGAR NEED
! The latest ruling of the food admin
Htraiii n rei'iires thai a:l rest urnts, j
holds, cl .hs. ciileu, and public eating
pauses cif every description must fil"
a statement of their re'iireiiicnts if
yusar. Food administrators will is
ne certificates against these stat"-
meths,
Pealers nre prohibited from selling
o any of the foregoing cI sjcs wl'li
i ut the presentation of a certlfi-ate.
Anv person or institution feeding
twenty five dt more persons regularly
comes under ttie foregoing classes,
, Hlaiiks and certificates p ay he so-
cured from K. C. Campbell, depaty
cenntv food administrator.
in
1A iri
5-1
u
LOCAL BOARD WANTS
MEN FOR SPECIAL
Government Sends Out SOS
for Skilled Labor; Time Is
Short for Enlistment for
Special War Service
In a communication reeevied fiom
AdjUtPiit Gereral Charles V. Harris,
at rtiot'nix. this morning, the local
draft hoard was notified that the en
Sine. ring department of the I'nired
Mates army is in immediate need, o"
skilled men. A call is issued to ail
iocal boards to secure volunteers and
ir a. sufficient number do not present
rhpmcp'ves for examination the nec 's-
sary shortage will be made up by in
Oiiction. V- fini'e al!itn:ents are not to b.
-I'lie ;i:i'ii orders are received when
mcbillation and entraniment will take
place. Volunteers will not be accept
ed from the navy or marine corps.
The fe' ewing classes of skilled men
ar), wa,pj at once: auto reparl men,
uMiien. blacksmiths, boatmen, bridge
'carpenters, cabinet makers, caulkers,
nitciete f3.-o.nen and workers, con
st: tior- lorcinen, cooks, draftsmen,
c'--trici -n-i. gas engine men. station
ery engineers, farriers, horseshoer:;.
iit .ogr. ihers. photographers, macnin
st:'. br' e s. dunibers. powder nun,
Mi i-ryn cn. ieamsters, shoemakers,
-dd ers. t .It-phone operators and ton
!. '-p:-bers.
Kiirthtr information will.be furn
ii'.c.l by cairn;; upon or wirting to thd
V rl be rd.
40 YEARS AGO.
-
OOD POISON WAS CONQUERED
CLD DOCTOR'S PRE
SCRIPTION WITHIN YOUR
REACH TODAY
4' vears ago "Number 40 For T!i-
I'.looJ" conquered many cases of spe
cific blood pedson in its worst forms,
which have not returned. This disease
Is manifested by mucous patches, cop
per olored spots, aching bones, ulcers
or running sores, falling hair, glamr
lar swellings, pimples vn the face, con-
stipatton and a form of dyspepsia.
Your health is important, insist on
Number 40." put up in a blue carton
bearing the signature of J. C. Menden
hall. 40 years a druggist. EvansvilK
Ind.
Sold by Central rharniary, Pisbee,
Ariz ; Lowell Prug Co., Iwell, Ari..
i 1
ulcnj
tfSCBM ainrUiTlWMr THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JULY 7, 1918.
FOUR
Elir gitalin Datht itemcnt
PU3LICHED EVERY DAY EXCEPT MONDAY BY THE
STATE CONSOLIDATED PUBLISHING COMPANY.
JL'LLEN A. CAIN-
....Editor and Gonvra! Manager
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
TJie Associated Press Is exclusively titled :o tin-
--3 for republication of all news dispatches credifed to
ft or not otherwise credited to ihis paper and also the
local news published herein.
All rights of republication of ?picia! dismantles here i.
ere also reserved.
Entered as Second Class Mail Wafer at Bisbee. Arizona.
Under Act of March 8. 1C7S.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES. PAYABLE IN ADVANCE:
PER MONTH ,s
Z.Zb
4 00"
7.50
2.60
.75
THREE MONTHS
BIX MONTHS
TWELVE MONTHS
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per year
SUNDAY (Oar-Weekly) per quarter
No Subscription Taken For Less fhan 75 Cents.
WHIST LIFE
Hour after hour the cards were fairly
shuffled
And fairly dealt, but still I got no hand;
The morning came, and with a mind un
ruffled I only said, "I do not understand."
Life is a game of whist. From unseen
sources
The cards are shuffled and the hands
are dealt;
Blind are our efforts to control the forces
That, though unseen, are no less strong
ly felt.
I do not like the way the cards are shuffled,
But yet I like the game and want to
play;
And through the long, long night will I.
unruffled,
Play whst ! get until the "area ot day
Ironquill (Eugene Ware). j
Pierrefonds
I
In recent dispatches and maps having to
do with the western battle front has ap
peared from time to time the name "Pierre
fonds." It is just a little hamlet situated
near Compeigne, and is one of the smaller
of the buttresses that bar the way of the
German further into France on the Com
peigne sector. But to this writer, and to a
many of those devotees who kneel at the
shrine of romance and idealism and senti
ment, Pierrefonds is a magic name, and its
appearance now in the vital part of a war .
map is like the flash of its old master's
rapier in the forefront of the fight. For
Pierrefonds, be it known, w:as the castle and
home of Porthos, one of Dumas' immortal
musketeers, and the giant of the beloved
quartette.
From time to time writers and lovers of
history have, since the beginning of the
great war, referred to the musketeers and
their glorious deeds of an earlier day in
many of the towns of France that have been
touched by the ebb and flow of this con
flict. In the first year of the war, Maes
tricht, a village up near the Holland-Belgium
border appeared often in the dis
patches. D'Artagnan was killed at Maes
tricht, leading Louis XIV's musketeers to
victory. Althos staged his famous drink
ing bout in -an inn at Amiens. Aramis was
wounded on the Picardy road and left at
Compeigne. D'Artagnan fought often all
through Flanders, and once took Bau
paume. Porthos shed his blood and killed
horses many times in mad rides from Paris
to Calais. t
Readers and lovers of the musketeers
romances number hundreds of thousands
in France, England and America, and their
fathers before them read and loved and
cherished in their heart of hearts the mem
cry of D'Artagnan, the indomitable Gas
con; and Athos, the great nobleman; and
Aramis, the subtle, skillful, terrible priest;
and Porthos, the giant of the great heart
and the hand that never failed his friends.
Poets have struck their harpstrings anew
since the great war to sing of the glory of
these four, and it has been declared time
and again by the Poilu that, out of the mists
of the Flanders and Picardy battle plains,
the gray forms of the famous four, swag
gering as of yore in silk and spur and lace
and steel, have arisen to lead the way in
some desperate charge. Those poets and
idealists ar.d . invincibles of the Foreign
Legions have sworn that the spirits of the
musketeers, who never lost a fight, haunt
the hottest fields of battle and hold the line
with their gleaming rapiers until the foe
has fled.
f And this column believes every good
word of these camfire stories and these
waking dreams and these muttered words
of delirium from the hot lips of heroes of
today of the heroes of yes'erd.iy.
Pierrefonds, a buttress against the in
vader! Home of the brave Porthos, whose
Titan deeds were the marvel of his tivre,
and whom the other three referred to much
as the old Grcekj referred to Ajax, or the
Northman to Thor. Porthos, whose only
religion was love of friends and love of
country. Ah, how Porthos would have
fought for Pierrefonds. No talf of valor
ever told would begin to describe his prodi
gies here. How proud he was of his pleas
ant little vineyard, and his gilded gates and
tall trees along the driveway. How glad he
was to entertain his three friends here and
sit in the park and talk of the old rides
and battles. .
There is something cryptic and fore
ordained to this column about this recur
rence of long forgotten Pierrefonds in the
fateful annals of France. This castle can
not fall. It is impregnable. Its approaches
are guarded by the shades of Porthos and
D'Artagnan and Athos and Aramis; one
for all, all for one. Romance is not dead.
Its nervous force in the sword arms of those
who fight for France is mightier than mere
muscle and physical strength. Pierrefonds
bars the way in the Compeigne sector.
Porthos' castle is again a rallying place for
the friends of France. The magic of old
days is here, more potent than gas against
the enemies of this land. A D'Artagnan
to the rescue! Ho, Porthos, hasten! The
noble face of Athos appears at the gate in
the purple shadows of the dawn. And here
is Aramis with his cold and terrible calm
of battle. Pierrefonds, home of P'jrthos,'
can never fall to the invader !
sS:tt9. or love, wrs Oi good wine,
Crave fighters ail, and great laJIe in
your pride;
Drea.uers of delicious dreams so fine,
Tread softly here for here D'Artagnan
died."
WHERE
W
By Edwin Davies Schoonmaker
YOU?
THE YANKS! '
The S-ars and Stripes, official publication
of the American army in France invariably
refers to the American troops as "Yanks.'
Copies of the paper show such headlines
as "The Yanks Are Here," "Tanks for the
Yanks" and "Yanks Take Village." And a
sergeant from somewhere in France writes
to his heme paper in old Mizzou, declaring
that, "We are to ourselves and our allies.
'The Yanks,' and ve like it. In fact, it
ha3 official sanction, so if you refer to us
by nicknames, please let it be 'Yank.' "
Wobbly "Bill" Cleary is as foxy as ever.
At one and the same time he poses as at
torney for the I. W. W. plaintiffs in a suit
brought against certain corporations and
individuals of Cochise County charged with
deporting himself and clients last July. If
the I. W. W. outfit on trial in Chicago go
to prison Bill should worry. His fee has
been subscribed by the rank and file and
their friends and sympathizers in advance.
If the case against the Warren district cit
izens falls to the ground, which it certainly
will. Bill should again worry; the afore
said fee has already been -subscribed by the
aforesaid rank and file. Bill's sympathies
proclivities and demagogery have always
been very profitable. Bill likes to talk, bet
ter than most men, whether from curbstone
or court, but he always talks for Bill and
Bill's pocketbook. Bill, by the way, is also
an appointee of Hunt, as well as general
counsel for the 1. W. W. Pretty soft for
Bill; work and play and profit and pleasure
walking hand in hand in this fashion. He
rode out of Bisbee in a stock car, but he's
been riding in Pullmans ever since. His old
stock car friends, however, are still riding
in stock cars. A lean night in a stock car
and a fat year in court.
This column has followed with interest
progresses of General Crowder s work
fiaht order in New York Citv. With
five millions of people herded together in
this narrow space, the idlers, pleasure seek
ers, grafters and bums number thousands,
as the proportionate result of a natural law,
hence it was to be expected that there
would be hurrying to and fro of these gent
ry to either dodge or accept the law. But
arrests were few the first week that the
order was in force. The authorities were
patient and conservative in their enforce
ment of the law. Theatres, amusements,
hotels, office buildings and stores were the
hardest hit. Their men employes must
give way to women. Ten thousand men
have applied to the authorities for jobs un
der the new order. Fourteen thousand were
supplied with work in the two weeks pre
vious to the order taking effect.
the
or
STRANGER THINGS HAVE HAPPENED
The' have made a streei in Paris "Ave
nue President Wilson." Overheated Ger
mans will resent the statement, but Arthur
Brisbane, the Washington editor, believes
the same thing will be done in Berlin, by
the Germans themselves, one of these days.
WHERE were you in the day of the tempest
When the thunders shook the world
And the cry went up through the heavens
And the solid hills were hurled?
Were you camped in tents of comfort?
Were you breast to breast with the, woe?
I write in the Took of the Ages?
That the World may see and know.
When the drums pealed out at midnight
And the bugles shrilled at dawn
And the stalwart brothers rose and sped
Where the darkening host rolled on.
When sharp from the tortured nations
Came the cry for brain and hand.
Did you march with the hurrying heroes
Did ycu answer the call of the Land?
When the days were big and stirring
And the thrill was in the air,
WJion the League of Man was rising
Though the clouds were everywhere.
Did you catch the beauteous Vision
Dawning through the sky of pain?
Did you watch the sea-lights beckoning
To your place along the Aisne?
Never more in all the ages
Will such royal summons come
As that call that woke the nations
At the rattle of the drum.
When the shrill alarm was sounded
That the foe was breaking through,
And the night was closing over.
Brother, sister, where were you?
Into your quiet chamber
When the bleeding horror came.
Did you clasp the Christ to your bosom
And venture the seething flame?
There are crosses on the hillsides
Where the grappling heroes fell.
Did you kneel above the wounded
In that storm of shot and shell?
When the Wprld of light and beauty
Paused and staggered from her gop.l.
Did you round the freeman'3 bcl'et
For that battle for the Soul?
Did you wind the needed linen?
Reach down deep and give and give?
Did you shout the passing thousands
That the dying lands might live?
I canvass the golden cities
Where the scatheless towers stand;
I silence the sounding places;
I srarch through the fruitfnl land.
Where the rising decks stained seaward
Did you labor, stript and brown?
In the double furrow round the hold
Did you watch the sun go down?
Granite shafts are over yonder
Soaring up t!ic peaceful blue;
Arch on arch with bronzed statues
Tell what clasped hands can dn.
Did you watch the ships returning.
Proud to knew he took his chance?
Dees your moistened eye go seaward
When you say "the soil of France"?
I am Jie that calls the nations
Up the heights since time benan;
I am She that holds the balance
For the pouring days of man;
And I write in the r.ook of Ages
Thaj the World may sec and knew.
Where were YOU when the Hun caniii gleaming
In the pride of hla terrible blow?
GREWSOME TASK
OF BRINGING UP
DEAD CONTINUES
(Continued from Page One)
which were on their way from Chi
cago. He said he thought that the
list of dead would be more than 100.
DETAILS OF HORROR
PEORIA, 111., July 6. With sixty
three bodies recovered and the total
number of dead tonight estimated at
100 to 150 persons, government, state
and county officials began searching
inquiries into the cause of the wreck
of the excursion steamer Columbia
Friday night. Survivors have charged
that the big steamer carrying 500
passengers on a return trip from Pe
er:! to Pekin, 111., yas driven against
a sand bank scarcely ten feet from
shore and about five miles south of
Peoria, during a heavy fog. First re
ports were that the craft had struck
a snag or submerged log.
While the orchestra continued to
play on the dance floor, that proved a
death trap to most of the 200 dancers,
the vessel, it was said, backed into
deep water, whore it suddenly broke
in two fnd settled on the bottom of
tre river with only the pilot house
and part of the superstructure appear
ing above t'.:e water.
Harry Smith, chief o police of Pe
kin said.
"Reports have come to me that the
drinking on board the Columbia the
night of the tragedy was carried to
extremes. This phase cf the case will
receive rigid attention after we have
buried our dead. The result may be
amazing."
The Columbia was condemned eight
years ago just before it was purchased
and repaired by Captain Mehl, accord
ing to R. V. Downes, federal inspector
of hulls of Ft. Louis, and his assistant.
G. R. Bowers, who have begun an in
vestigation. It was on the return trip to Pekin
from Peoria Friday night that a faint
jar extending from stem to stern, gave
the first Intimation of the onrushtng
tragedy.
The tragedy came without warning
! when the 500 merry makers aboard,
j after a night's outing at Alfresco Park
; in Peoria, were ending the evening's
' entertainment with dancing and con
' certs by the orchestra.
Alter the survivors had been cared
j for. It was impossible because of the
darkness to continue the search for
, bodies and this was halted until day
j light. At sun rise scores o" volun
j tcer workers iiacked at the wreck
: age while two divers began bringing
out the bodies.
MOB VIOLENCE FEARED
! PEKIN, 111.. July 6 After a day
'spent in collecting the 'dead from the
i wrecked excursion steamer Columbia
many citizens, excited by the harrow
ing "scenes, tonight gathered in sa
loons and other places and threatene-J
the wreck vengeance on any of the
ship's officers whom they should tind
in any at fault for the sinking of
the ship with the loss o: a hundred
or more lives.
Precautionary measures against any
mob violence were taken by the authorities.
SEA BATTLE FOUGHT
(; Review Leased Wire)
I AMSTERDAM, July 6. An Austrian
official statement received here says.
I "A detachment of our torpedo boats
i encountered a superior enemy torpedo
j force on July 2. A violent engage
I ment occurred at short range.- A large
i enemy destroyer was set afire; anoth
j er was severely damaged. The enetr.j
I retired swiftly.
, "Our vessels were little damaged;
i a few men were slightly wounded."
j CLARK WAS FAMER
Illy KiTitw Incased Win )
i PUEBLO. Colo., July 6 Private
i James E. Clark of Bent county Colo
ratio, whose name appears in the day's
marine casualty list was a homestead
1 cr previous to enlisting in the ma
I rines shortly before the registration
last year. He had a dry 'ami claim
: some seventeen miles .south 0f Las
j Animas. Nothing was learned of his
' parents or other relatives.
iMilteiill:
"By Gxllen A . Gam?
TWO LITTLE GIRLS
SxMASH THE POETS'
DEAD LINE
This new-spaper man has a dead line
for noeta and noetrv. Toe Doeni that
finds its way to the copy hook in this eloquent orations or perfect blank
Dear little girls, these words, pain
fully and patiently traced upon tie
paper in characters almost illegible,
and bravely rhymed in the face of all
meters to tne contrary, are worth more
to this nation than many armed ships
and factories making shells and mili
tary bands playing grand music, and
office must be worth its place; it must
have some tlasj to carry it thus far.
Occasionally Ned W hite or Randall,
down in Warren, ami ail unknown
poet or two, break the dead line and
adorn a page of the Review with a
pleasing bit of verse. But generally
verse. They are the strength of the
nation, for tney ccme from tiie nation's
deepest iieartoeat. Some day you, hi
your turn, will send a sweetheart, hus
Dand or son to war. Little girls like
you were born on Plymouth Rock an.i
the shore of the James river in Vircin-
the newspaper man s scrap book fur-, ia- riler 10 maKe Possible the revo
nishes the poems lor the Review. lution of the thirteen colonies. Little
However, the other dav. two little ' S'-rls like -vou ?rew to womanhood to
girls invaded the newspaper man s of-1 inspire and send Perry out on Lake
tlce, each with a poem that smashed trle Hnd Jai'kson aown to New U
all precedents in the matter of verse i lean and Taylor to Mexico and Stone
that must and must not be gixen a l Wlil Jackson to Chameliorsville and
nlMre TIipv wcr so small, these eirls Grant to Richmond and Custer to the
WARREN DISTRICT FERCENTAGE OF
STATEMENT, WAR SAVINGS STAMP CAMPAIGN
CALUMET & ARIZONA MINING CO.
Junction Shaft
Brigg3 Shaft
Cole Shaft
Oliver Shalt
Mechanical Department
TOTAL
PHELPS PODGE
Southwest Shaft
Czar SIihU
Hollirook Shaft
Gardner Shaft
Uwe!l Shaft
Sacramento Shaft
Miscellaneous
Incases
.Manganese Workings
Mechanical Dcpartmt
General Offices ...
Sacramento Hill
COR I. (Incomplete)
nt ....
TOTAL
Shattuck Arizona Mining Co
Dcnn Arizona Mining Co
lupins Mining Cc.
Phelps Dodge Merc. Co.
Fair Store
No. of Per
Amount Pledges Capiti
.. jj:.0!r..'i.) na $ o.on
21..r.fiO.O'i 277 77.0
.. 8.8rr.oo 121 73.f"
6.47r.oo ii7 55.no
4.7fio.oo 5a so.no
.. r.745.(.0 '- " 00
j r.:'.75.wi 7S ' ? r.o.no
i.370.00 154 41
JV.HH0.no 122 4fin0
X.OOXOO lfil 55.00
7.1''0.oo 117 o no
4.079. on 7S 52.00
N4.-i.00 18 47.no
1.5:t5.oi 15 lic.'.no
!,52.nt , :(! 42. nt)
fi.:!15.0n 120 41.i'0
1.5H0 0O 25 21.0
4.,VJO.0'i 74 fi2."0
.. $54,014 00 1010 $ :,Z.M
...$14.5.Vm 377 J :'!' "0
7.5!H o 11:: 5:;.oo
fi.255 on til 102 00
5.402 0M 24 4 22 on
... 5.5! 15 52 107.00
possessed with patriotic zeal, that they
broke through, clear to the third line.
Each carried her poem in her hand
and they were thrust forward at this
newspaper man like bayonets. An I yet
they were rather shy and diffident,
too, and only .''aif hopeful that their
effusions would see the light of thf
printed page.
And the poem are not so bad. eith- j
cr; well worth their place, if only for
the gay heart and shining eyes behind
them. Here is one by iieryl Pittman,
Fourth Grade 1!. Lincoln school:
LIBERTY TO WIN
Lit the hell of freedom ring
While we all may proudly sing.
The Star Spangled Banner,
Which is waving now
And which will wave fort ver.
When our boys come marching hoiin
with a cheer
Every one will ask at once for "motli-i
cr dear." j
And father will be so proud of h Is I
dear son
And the deeds that he has done.
And mother has a tear in her eve.
But still she could not cr.
It was just a tear of joy.
As she murmured low. "My hoy!-
Beryl wanted the newspaper man to
know and to understand, once and fur
all that s'ie had written this poem all
by her lonesome self, "and no one
helped me one bit."
Then came Lottie May Wat ck. aged
t ight, both artist and pot t, for sh.- had
drawn a flag upon the margin of the
sheet to Illuminate the poem. Lcttie's
delight over a promise to publish was
Little Big Horn and iH-wey to Manila
Bay and Pershing to France. This na
tion will grow stronger and never
weaker, as long as it has girls lik9
you.
This newspaper nun thanks you for
the poetry, and Jie thanks jou twice
over for your visit
THE GREATEST
THRIFT STAMP STORY
OF THEM ALL
Heie is the cnampiuu thrill stamp
itoiy of the year, as told to the news
paper man by a Warren district man
just Lack from a trip to the state cap-
! ital.
Tnis man was riding on the train
from Phoenix to Tucson when he nt
ticed one of the oitntals of ihe state
orphan aslum in the seat ahead with
a small boy in his charge. Engaging
this man in conversation, he was soon
struck with the appearance of the li
tie orphan boy. Alert, bright eyed an 1
eager, ytt modest ana manly in his
bearing, this waif was one to In
sympathy and kindliness if even if c.n
ditt not know ot his double bercave-
, ment.
The Warren district man produced
quarter and gave it to the boy, sav
ing: "This is for ice ream when tn
get to Tut son."
The boy took the quarter aril graTe
ly thanked the man. "Hut I'll not ns-
; it for ice ricain," be .--aid. "I'm rein.:
worth two or three dollars an inch.' to mv another thrift stamp witk it
This is what Lottie hint written
wild burst of patriotic zeal:
AMERICA. MY LAND
America, my bravest land.
To you I give my heart and hand.
With jcur banners wniing hij;h.
Reaching npuarti to the sky.
With a hip. hip. hurray!
America. I truly sa.
Ycu arc surely the braesi land.
in rtj a man In 1 noenlx gave me a quarter
aim got a stamp neiore i got on tn'
tram. See: And the boy pnnlucet
, a ltok with one toncMme stamp part
ed inside.
W hen a pour little kiddie on hi, wv
to an orphan asylum is thouchttul
enough and game enough to pass u;
candy and ice cream and iuxest au
I small change that conies ins way trimi
And I'm proud you have my heart a kind hand in thriit stamps, it makes
and ham!
Dear libertv wculd lie ino d m Ber
lin. '
It the Germans, the war should win
1 tre
averag.' man feel like a miser a:i
a -lacker on the t-tmip question, :ui
niutler how in it-ti he has done t "r th
uiiie ot the war. THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JULY 7, 1918.
FIVE
DAILY REVIEW WANT ADS
Advertisements under this head fit the rate of 1 cent per word each Issue, with a minimum charge of 25 cents
Advertisements must reach The Review office not later than S p. m. for insertion in next morning s paper.
Male Help Wanted
WHITE TO "Y. M. C. A. Sciiools, Los
Angeles," about Auto, Radio, Com
mercial and Engineering courses.
Train for service. 2G8
Female Help Wanted
WANTED Girl to do second worn
mornings in Warren. Phone 405.
7oS
WANTED-Waitress. Must be first
class. Copper Queen hotel. 535
WANTED Ten bright capable ladies
to travel, demonstrate and sell well
known goods to established dealers.
$25 to ?50 per week; railroad fare
:iiJ; weekly advance for traveling
l v.uses. Address at once Goodrich
i. j company. Dept. 131, Omaha,
1 . .r. 728
WANTED Situation, female. Busi
ness girl wishes to locate on small
well to do ranch or farm for climate
with plain folks, but loyal Amer
icans. Am willing to assist with
housework, be companion and help
go after cattle, etc. Reference to be
exchanged. Address K. Janiec. care
Joyce hotel, Colorado Springs, Colo
rado. 732
Positions Wanted
SITUATION WANTED Young man
desires position driving car. Expe
rienced chauffeur. G. W. X., care
Review. DH
Jror Sale
FOR SALE Belgian Hares, Newzaa
land reds, does and Email rabbits.
C. E. Drullard, Naco, Ariz. 642
CLOSING OUT SALE Going out oi
business; Sale Open June bin, 191b.
We want to close out in side of i0
days. Please call in and gee us.
New and Second Hand Furniture.
Chris Heikkinen, Furniture Store
Johnson Add. 2
FOR SALE All the fixtures of the
Waldorf Boarding house on Brew
ery avenue ana Broadway street.
Everything complete. Cheap. Call
lit ofiice ut Rod McDonald, room 14,
Allen block. 536
FOR SALE One silver Coon cornet,
cost J75. Will sell for $30. Arply
Room 11, Sparks Clyue Bldg. 272
FOR SALE Two heavy oak office
chairs at a bargain. Apply Room
11, Sparks Clyne Bldg. 'iVi
FOR SALE Upright piano, standard
make, nearly new, at a sacrifice.
Will give time on part. 14 Quality
bill. Phone 457. (22
FOR SALE Ford louring car. Casn
or terms. Phone 33. oo
FOR SALE Improved ranch of twen
ty acres under four wire fence,
fifteen acres has been cultivated
- three room frame house, garage and
other outouildings. two good wclis,
one gas engine and one hand pump,
farming utensils, twelve bearing
fruit trees and one Jersey cow and
dozen chickens. Located cue-half
mile east ot Osborn station. A small
cash payment and balance on terms.
See Gus Haigler. 562
FOR SALE Four room house and
cabin completely furnished, terms.
Van Dyke street. Warren. C. A.
Brandt.
61?
FOR SALE Foru, a bargain. Long
Trail garage. b'Ji
FOR SALE Studebaker Four, liuti
model, good condition. Long Trail
garage. 512
FOR SALE 1917 Ford. Phone Blue
745 or call at Stock's residence, first
house on right at end of Tombstone
car line. 59G
FOR SALE Two dozen young hens.
E. Dicks, Warren, top of .tfojave
trail. 67?
FOR SALE Crib, high chair, nursery
chair and go cart. 37 Oak avrauu.
Phone Red 240. 71
FOR SALE Building lots. S.-e Bruce
IVrlty, Copper Queen hotel building.
Bisbee, Ariz. ' 732
FOR SALE Furniture of three room
apartment, completely furnished,
two blocks south of Gieenway
school. Chiodo Flats, Warren. 7'il
FOR SALE Furnished house, laige
level lot. A bargain for cash. Close
in. Box 2367. 767
PETEY DINK You Never
f f?-- Wue-rTMEHv.tsMTM.A S ' ohc ., -1 mIMit ns TMfl SlHELP , ( c vrz- ) s V.
-ts aver Job oa Me. : vO' I OMcw'-J : ?BeTN iookiw hsisessi V Ait "TTaT &AVsisx ) Help! I
F0R' Ho ' J- 7i ' ' . V I HOfE SOMEoviP'H J roZ NOTHIMC!- J I I
jt f firv,v boxers- v,ha,t S. 77- l rWVj'VrS a Mamp-A Jf HtP
For Sale
FOR. SALE Furniture. S7
hill
School
625
TWO ACRES Four blocks from cen
ter of most prosperous tanning town
in Arizona. Six room house, city
water, telephone, plenty of shade;
ail kinds oi fruit; grapes and ber
ries. Chicken yanl, barn, Pag!
lencc all around. Cash $1000, bal
ance terms. Harry H. Smith, ow it
er, R. 1, Mesa, Ariz. 72J
FOR SALE Pen of Black Laugsbains,
good healthy stock. Cheap to make
room lor young chicks. lunsey,
North LocKliu, three houses lroi.i
car line. 74ti
FOR SALE Two lots t near Lincoln
school, road adjoining. ?210 cash or
ao ilowu and f-i monthly. Grisli
am's. Miller hill, by light post. 74S
FOR SALE Six room house com
pletely luruished- lor three apart
ments. Close in. Party leaving
town. Will sell at a bargain. Iluou
cash, balance easy lei ins. Apply
to M. C. Nigh. olio
FOR SALE Furniture three rooms,
complete lor housekeeping. Apart
ment for rent. Baili. Box 646, liis
bee. ' 7U
FUR SALE One fve room furnished
house, Tank hill. J1700, lirst pay
ment $500, balance like rent. Thw
Is a good buy. C. H. Hogan, be
low Copper Queen hotel. 721
FOR SALE Ford racer in first class
condition. Phone Green 817. 7 IS
FOR SALE Furniture. No. 1 Higgins
hill (old Morris place). 717
FOR SALE OR RENT Four room
well furnished house with bath.
Ballards, Holbrook. stop, Naco road.
722
FOR SALE One seven room furnish
ed apartment on Young Blood hill.
J400 cash, balance like rent, a goou
buy. See C. II. Hogan, below Copper
Oueen hotel. 712
FOR SALE One five room unfurnish
ed house on Young Blood hill. Will
take 1917 Ford as part payment. C.
H. Hogan, below Corper Queen ho
tel. 712
FOR SALE One fourteen room
boarding house. Present owner has
over loo boarders and all rooms full
A good buy for an experienced
party. See C. H. Kogan, below Cop
per Queen hotel. 712
For Rent
FOR RENT -rooms.
49 O.
- Two aouseeepiug
K. street. 202
FOR RENT Two story building, wita
lari;e basement, suitable for whole
sale bouse or Eiorage and warehouse
business. In center of Bisbee busi
ness district. Rent reasonable. Ap
ply bisbee Daily Review. 642
FOR RENT Four furnished rooms
for housekeeping to permanent
tenant. 51 Jiggerville. No chil
dren. 650
FOR RENT Two furnished house
keeping rooms. l(2 Higgins hill.
64'.
FOR RENT Three unfurnished
rooms with bath, screen porch, mod
ern. Apply Belts red house, end of
Tombstone can on car line. 6'Jti
FOR RENT Batching room. 115
Jiggerville. 67J
FOR REXT Unfurnished four room
flat, bath, modern. L. R. Allen,
Locklin avenue. 680
FUR REXT Two room furnished
j house with screened porch. Mrs. C.
T. WInwood, Win wood addition. 763
FOR REXT Two room furnished
apartment. Phone 812. Park hotel.
711
FOR RENT Three housekeeping
roams. 35 Montana avenue, John
son addition. No children. 715
FOR REXT One lark's housekeeping
! room over independent tiii'il store
I upper Alain street. 71 S
FUR Kt.X l Fuiuisned apartment.
Inquire Bisbee Furniture Co., O. K.
street. 721 j
: FOR REXT One three room furnis:i-
j ed apartment with piano to rfijht j
j party. 86 Upper Lowell. See Mrs.
Cunningham at McWhortcr's, fro.n
1 12 to 4. 76SI
Can Tell by the Yell They Give
For Rent
FOR RENT Two housekeepinpg
rooms, cement block house, back of
El Paso house. See lady next door.
710
J FOR REXT Nice cool front room,
j with bath and privilege of living
i room and piano. Suitable for two
teachers or gentleman. Price fl3.
I Call at 100 Higgms hill. 7G9
FOR REXT
dry hill.
-Apartment No. 4, Laun
754 Furnished Rooms
FOR REXT Furnlsnea room. Tomb
stone canyon, around Castle rock, j
Apply Miss Lewis, money order win-'
.1..... , thn n...-.nt';i 711 I
FOR REXT Furnished room, private
family. Separate entrance. Reason-
alita fMnak in rvnniuitf Cattta Rnrk.
46 Quality hill. 760 I
FOR RENT Nicely furnished front I
room, near Warren school. Well lo- j
cated for either gentleman or lady, j
Second house new hospital stop, i
Mrs. T. B. Cooke.
678
FOR RENT Bisbee Hotel, Furnished
rooiu3 with running wauer. 352
MOOSE HOTEL Furnished rooms
$2.00 per week and up. 377
Wanted
OLD CLOTHES bought.
Phone 733.
585
WANTED To purchase three room
house. Will pay $35 monthly. State
particulars. H. E., Review. 757
WANTED At once, two furnished
rooms for housekeeping or furnish
ed house four or five rooms. Musi
e clean and close in. P. A. M., Re-
view. 750
WANTED To rent, three room mod
ern house by three long renters. Not
destructive. S. X., Review. 749
WANTED to rent or sell, one four
room furnished house, arranged for
two families, price $7U0, with terms,
also high grade duck . tdnt 12x20,
7 foat wall. Apply 67 upper Lowell.
. 720
WANTED Four or five room furnisii
- ed house for the summer. . Must be
in good neighborhood and well furn
ished. Either Warren or Bisbee. Ad
dress X D, Review. 723
Salesmen
STOCK SALESMEN Financial house
has opening for five $ 1000 per monih
stock salesmen to follow up live
leads which cost us from $10 U$lo
apiece in small towns. Strong sell
ing issue. Have active endorsement
of many prominent men. 25 to 30
leads when salesman starts more
continually- Excellent references re
quired. Address, Sales Manager,
252 Chicago avenue, Chicago, ill.
731
Miscellaneous
PRIVATE BOARD AND
Castle hill.
ROOM1 59
674
MADAME J. REA KEYS, St. Regis ho
tel, Lowell, Ariz. Phone 62. Clair
voyant and crystal reader. Dead
trance spirit medium, born with a
double veil, without asking questions
gives you dales, facts and figures,
and will read your entire life. 535
CLAIRVOYANT HEALER Mrs.
Lumpkin. Advice, business, love,
mining, looks into anything, de
scribes people concerned, tell out
come, spiritual advice. Across creek
from gas tank, Cowin Ridge, John
son's Addition. 345
LEARN actual auto repairing, book
keeping, shorthand, radio engineer
ing. Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation, Los Angeles. Catalog free.
230
SEED Choice, re-cleaned, dwarf Milo
maize, also clean chicken feed. Call
tit the Bisbee- Mill, back of Tomb
stone Canyon fire bouse, fbr inspec
tion and prices.
Lost
LOST Canary bird. $5 reward for re
turn to Mrs. 11. M. Woods. Last
seen close to city park, opposite
Central school. 671
LOST Eye glasses and case, Sunday,
iu' Tombstone canyon. Return to
Review. 747
OE
Says It Stopped Nervous
Breakdown Which Had
Threatened Daughter's
Health
"This Tanlac put a stop to a nervous
breakdown that threatened my daugh
ter's health, and she is now as weil
and happy as she ever was," said Mrs.
J. L. Unangst, of 3237 Alcott street,
Denver, Colo.
"For the last twelve years," she con
tinued, "my daughter has held a tine
stenographic position with one of the
leading tirnts of the city and steady
application to her work for so long
was beginning to tell on her. Her ap
petite failed her, and she just had to
force down everything she ate and was
in misery for hours afterwards from
gas that formed from her sour undi
gested food. Her nerves were all on
edge, so she got little sleep, and would
get up in the mornings feeling as tired
and worn out as when she went to
bed. She wa3 under such a nervous
strain all the time that I became un
easy and felt if she didn't get relief
it would be but a question ot time un
til she would have a eollap.-e.
"She wasn't willing to stop work,
so I persuaded her to try Tanlac, and
actually from the way it took hold of
her troubles it acted like it was made
especially for her. She began to pick
up at once, and before she had finish
Money to Loan
SMALL quick loans on 7our personal
note to salaried men and women, al
so on furniture. Coz Loau Co. Room
2, Lyric Theatre building. 11)6
Political Announcements
FOR SHERIFF
I hereby announce myself as a can
didate for the nomination for the offict
of Sheriff of Cochise county, subject
to the will of the voterk at tho demo
cratic, primary to be held on Septem
ber 10, 1918.
W. S- BRAKFIELD.
FOR SHERIFF
I hereby announce myself as a can
didate "or the nomination for the office
o Sheriff of Cochise county, subject
to the will of the voters at tho demo
cratic primary to be held on Septem
ber 10, 191S.
C. E. CROSS.
FOR SHERIFF
I hereby announce myself as a can
didate for the nomination for the office
of sheriff of Cochise county, subject
to tiie will of the voters at the demo
cratic primary lo be held on Septem
ber 10, 1918.
james f. Mcdonald.
420 "Deputy U. S. Marshal.
FOR SHERIFF
I hereby announce myself as a can
didate for the nomination for the of
fice of sheriff of Cochise county, sub
ject to the will of the voters at the
republican primary to be held on Sep
tember 10, 1918.
5S3 LORENZO WRIGHT.
FOR SHERIFF
I hereby announce myself as a can
didate for the office of siiorut of Co
chise county, subject to the action r.f
the voters at the democratic prima
ries to be held September 10, UH8.
EARL V. SANDS,
C. Q. Smelter, Douglas, Arizona.
FOR TREASURER
I hereoy announce myself as a can
didate for tho nomination for the of
lico of Treasurer of Cochise county,
subject to the will of the voters at iho
democratic, primary to be held on
September 10. 1918.
GUY C. WELCH.
FOR SUPERVISOR
I hereby announce myself as a can
didate for the nomination for the of
fice ot supervisor of Cochise county,
subject to the will of the voters at the
democratic primary to be held on
September lo, 1U1S.
6S4 I. C. E. ADAMS.
FOR CLERK, SUPERIOR COURT
I hereby announce myself as a cun
didale for the nomination for the of
iice of Clerk, Superior Court of Co
chise county, subject to tbe will of the
voters at the democratic primary to be
held on September 10. 1918.
J. E. JAMES.
ed her first bottle her improvement.!
was so marked that everybody notices I
it. She has taken but two bottles so !
tar and it has built her up wonderfully, j
Her appetite is splendid aprt she eats
everything she wants and enjoys ev-j
ery meal, sne is neer iruumea uu
gas or indigestion, In any form; she
has lost that tired worn out feeling
and goes to her work every day fresii
and strong and full of life and energy.
I certainly am grateful for the good
Tanlac has done my daughter for I
positively believe it Baved her from a
serious illness.
Tanlac is sold in Bisbee by J. M.
Ball, in Douglas by Douglas Drug Co.,
in Paradise by G. A. Walker, in liowle
by Bowie Drug Store, in San Simon by
J. B. Cooke, in Willcox by A. A. Nichol
son, in Lowell by Lowell Drug Co., in
Renson Lv C. F. Moss Pharmacy, and
In Gleeson by B. A. Taylor. Adv.
Increased freight rates ordered by '
the govenrment will p'lt their heavi
est burden upon the s'.iipper of cus
tom ore, who is the small producer.
Old Man Harris
Editor of the Oil and Mineral Journal
of Billings, Mont., will give you
straight "tips" about oil and mining
companies free, and send you sample
copy of his l-page illustrated paper
for the asking. Scores of his sub
scribers have made $400 on a $100 in
vestment and upwards, by following
his advice. Don't buy in any company
until vnn writn Ji f in about it he
hn iu rpll.-ihlp nnrt those w ho
are not. Write Dunn's or Bradstreet's ;
agencies In Billing. as to what they i
think of Old Man Harris ana nis re
liable information to investors.
CHICHESTER S PILLS
V-X Lxllml Auk j-nr Bmi ( A
Mil in Ural in 4 4. old r.etil ic
hotci. Kkinl with hjm Ru-ton.
Tail 4rr. Ilur f ronr - v
1IAMT It It A II 11 LI. A, 6
Years knowiiute3t.Sarest,A1wayKeHi: te
SOLO BY OJIL'CQISTS EVERY 'riHLKE
FOR JUDGE, SUPERIOR COURT
'I hereby announce myself as a can
didate for the nomination for the of
fice of Judge, Superior Court cZ Co
chise county, BUliject to the will of tue
voters al tue democratic primary to bo
held on September 10, lli.
ALFRED C. LOCKWOOD.
FOf CONSTABLE
I hereby announce myself as a can
didate for tho nomination for the of
fice of constable for Lowell precinct
Xo. o, subject to the will of the voters
at the demociatic primary to be held
on September 10, I'Jli.
300 DENNIS ROCHE.
FOR CONSTABLE
I hereby announce myself as a can
didate for the nomination as Constable
for the Lowell Precinct, No. 3. Sub
ject to the action of the Democratic
voters of that preciucl in the primaries
on September loth.
167 II- H. BOH.MFALK.
FOR CONSTABLE
I herebj announce myself 3jra can-
HiilnrA for tliA nnminkt inn for th f-
j fice of Constable for Lowell Preciucl
No. 3, subject to the will of the voters
at the Democratic primary to oe held
on September 10, 191S.
200 JAMES BAKER.
FOR CONSTABLE
I hereby announce myself as a can
didate for the nomination as Constable
for the Lowell Precinct, No. 3. Sub
ject to the action of the Democratic
voters of that precinct in the primaries
on September loth.
207 CEO. D. CROWLEY.
FOR CONSTABLE
I hereby announce myself as a can
didate for the nomination as constable
for the Bisbee precinct. No. 2. Su'
ject to the action of tne democratic
voters of that precinct in the prima
ries on September 10.
920 A. E. SHEPPAPD.
FOR JUSTICE OF PEACE
: I hereby announce myself as a can
didate for the nomination as justice of:
the peace, for the Lowell precinct, Xo 1
! 3. Subject to the action of the demo- ;
i cratic voters of that precinct in the
! iiriiii:irif4 tin Sfltt nil lier loth. lillS.
714 GEO. 11. SMITH.
FOR JUSTICE OF PEACE
I herehy announce myself as a can-
ididate for the nomination as Justice of
the Peace, for the Lowell Precinct, Xo j
3 Subject to the action of the Dliiih
i cratic voters of tnut precinct in the
i primaries on September Hi.ii.
I J. L. W INTERS. :
I
t. ( li.vi
LODGE NOTICES
Cards of every fraternal order in the Warren District; giving the essential
facts or eadi. their meeting nights, th?ir officers and the place of gather
ing will be found under their respective headings in these columns.
CALEDONIAN SOCIETY
meets first and
1 third Thursdays
W f'st". ot Pah nnth In
' Methodist Hall,
t:$Sj:!&&f School Hill. Na-
s c w n d a nts of
of torutland cordi
ally United.
TIIOS. MUAT. President, box 136.
M. MAIXLAXD, Secretary.
BISBEE LODGE, NO. 718.
L. O. O. M.
'Meets every Friday
nicht. Moose Hall.
(Visiting brothers cor-
tiially invited.
K. 1. GLEASO.N,
Dictator.
KAY ROSS, Secy.
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTIOnJ
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA.
nDCAnuillftUT.
L. O. L. NO. 21X
mceta In L U.
O. F. Hall first
and third
MONDAY at
7:20 p. la
vishing broth
era cordially
Invited to at
tend. Win. T. SMITHAN, W. M.
ROBERT FERGUS, Secretary
P. O. Box 426, Bisbee.
BROTHERHOOD OF AMERICAN
fc YEOMAN
Richard 1, Homestead 896, meets
secouJ and fourth Tuesday at Odd
Follows' hall. Visiting Archera are
coidially Invitee".
AIRS. C C FINLAYSON. FWeniau
P. O. Box 156.
E. D. STINSON, Correspondent.
Box 14'JG.
NO.
10, I. O. O. f
meets ever)
Thursday
evening at Odd
Fellows' Hall,
Suoway street, at 7:30 o'clock. Visiting
browers corJiauy invited to atteou.
liall phone 119.
G. A. I'LUNKETT, X. G.
CARL V. NELSON. Secretary.
i ri i nin oia i ens
I Lily Temple -No. 3 meets every 2nd
i and 4th Thursday evening of each
' month at Odd Fellows HalL Visiting
i sisters are cordially invited,
i MINX IE BLUM, M. E. C.
Phone Black S51.
IDA GLAZE, M. of R. C.
Box 1475
NOTICE TO CANDIDATES
Any person who desires his name
placed on tue otlkial ballot for the
primary election, September 10, 191S,
ul a canuiJale tor any office, should
file on or before July 15, 1918, both hts
nomination paper and petition as re
quired by law. This Is made necessary
by reason of the enactment of the sol
diers' voting act passed by the recent
special session of the Arizona s'atc
legislature, which requires the ofiicial
laliot to be mailed to all soldiers, who
are residents of the state of Arizona
tony days before the day of the prim
ary election, in order to have said bal
lots printed and prepared for mailing
as required by law.
, It will be necessary for the nomina
tion paper and petitions above refer
red to, to be in tho hands of the clerk
of the board of supervisors by the 15th
day of July, 1'JIS.
A. C. KARGER.
Clerk Board of Supervises, Cochise
County, Aiizoua, July 2, It'lS. G5!
CARL'S CURE
OINTMENT
Trial Box 10c
A mixture of licaling sub
stances affording great relief in
cases of Eczema and Skin Irri
tations. FOR EXTERNAL USE RUB
IT IN
CARL'S CURE CO. .
. Box it-::;
Bi-ibee. Arizona
REVIEW WANT ADS BRING
RESULTS.
m t
BISBEE LODGE,
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED AMERW
CAN MECHANICS.
f?-?. Meets In MedigoTlci
Hf':fHall every Tuesday
rp fe;."! night- Visiting brother
S. F. BENTON, Councillor.
J. I. BENTON, Recording Secretary.
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS,
Rathbone Lodge No. 10.
Knights of Pythias,
meets each Thursdar
(except second) In Od
Fellows' Hall at 7: 9
p. m. Visiting brother
cordially invited.
V!'
v
-
LEON H. RICE, C. C
EARL SOBLEY. K. of B.
i. !' ?lJ ' Pi'- ' ' j
LODGE NO. 671.
Regular meeting first and third Fri
day of each month Visiting brothers
cordially invited to attend.
JAS. ALLISON, Exalted Euler.
R. J. KELLY, Secretary.
KNIGHTS AND LADIES OF SECURI
TY, BIS32E COUNCIL NO. 2115.
Meets every second and fourth Sat
urdays in the month at L O. O. T.
Hail. 7:30 p. in. Visiting members are
cordially invited.
ARNOLD SCHMID. President,
P. O. Box 34SJ. Lowell. Ana
FREDERICK J. ATTAWAY.
Secretary, LowelL
E. Li'iNDQUIST. Financial Secretary,
P. O. Box 3216, LowelL
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD.
Lowell Camp Xo. 48 will
meet every Wednesday
at 7:30, Bropby Nail
F. C. SAXBY. C. C;
O. B. THOMAS, Clerk.
All Woodmen invited.
ORDER OF EASTERN STAR,
meets in Masonic Hull
Pearl Cbapter, No. 6, meets
in Masonic Hall second antf
fourth. Tuesday of eaC
month at 7:30 p. m.
MRS. EMMA WOODS, W. M.
Phone 161. Box 43, Bisbee.
MRS. JESSIE BEVAN, Secy. P. O.
Box 2299, Chairman Relief Coia.
Phone 16L
FRATERNAL ORDER OF EAGLES.
Bisbee Aerie, No. 175. i C. K meeta
first and third TUESDAYS. 8 p. ua,
Eagle HalL Visitors cordially wel
come. J. F. WILMOTH. President
F. C. FENDERSON, Secretary.
C. u. EDMONDSON. Aerie Physic.aa.
FRATERNAL.
BROTHERHOOD
t. F. a
fe Bisbee Lodge No.
ul tr.1 mppli th 1st
and 3rd Mondays
of each month at
7:30 at Medigo
icn HalL Visa
ing members cordially invited.
B. F. MOSS. President
MRS. C. E. FINOTTL Treasurer.
Box 722. Tel. 236, Red.
HONORA MUNCH, Secretary,
Boa 1621.
MODERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA.
Bisbee Camp No. 1341 5.
Meets first Saturday at
Medigovich Hall.
R. L. MOTZ. ConsuL
1L F. MATH EW SON,
Clerk.
WEEK EXDIXG JULY 13. 1918
Monday
Tuesday
Wednesday 2nd Deere.
Thursday Chanter Rrg.
GV Friday-
Saturday 3rd Degree.
ajl' mm. W. v. M.
T. WAT KINS, Secy. F. & A. 31.
W. TOLAXD. E. H. P.
F. PHILBROOK. T. L 21.
E. BEXXETT. E. C.
S. DAVENPORT, Secretary Chap
ter and f'nmrnanderv.
c
F.
F.
W
'. R. BANKS, Secretary CouaclL
By C A. V01GHT
imp,
id SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JULY 7, 1918.
RED CROSS IS
ORGANIZED FOR
HOMEJSERVICE
Home Service Department
Headed By Mrs. Juliff Will
Look After Welfare of Fam
ilies of Soldiers Here
The apencies raarslinl'ed by the gov-;
eminent to attend to the wauls of the,
nation's soldiers in cantonments on
this side of the water, as we!l as on i
ttie battle front in France or Italy now !
are complete. The welfare of the.
wives, parents or lille ones of these ;
soldiers now is the cliie aim of the J
Red Cross. In the Warren district the j
organization of the Home Service de-
partment of the lied Cross society has ;
been completed with Mrs. frank ju
liff as chairman. She in turn has
nemed Mesdanies Henry Poppen,
George B. Wilcox and Gerald Sher
man as members of a board 10 assist
her.
Others probably will be .-tided lo
the board in the immediate future as
Mrs. Juliff plans to ask the ministers
of the district, the city attorney, a
number of physicians and others in
touch with those needing assistance,
to co-operate with her.
Families o Foldiers who are in
need of assistance, or persons who
know of families in need of assistance,
whether financial, medical attendance,
legal or business advice should report
them to Mrs. Jiff rr her assistant
:: tlie :tr:i:..!.v. It '.'-' t -n i-
c v.i others may rot be informed ofi
the relier which has been subscribed
for them by the people of this city.
Although the fact was not brought
out at the time, 25 per cent of the
funds raised in the second Red Cross
war fund drive, were intended for and
will be retained by the Bisbee chapter
for civilian relief at home. This will
amount to a considerable sunt of mon
ey. The chapter is well supplied with
funds for this purpose, but they will
be used for the relief of real neces
sities. V. Frank Persons, director general
of civilian relief of the Ameircan Red
Cross has just returned from France,
where he organized the bureau of
home service in the American Red
Cross organization in that country
He is more firmly convinced than
ever that proper conditions in the
homes of soldiers and sailors and 'he
maintenance of close and intimate con
tad between the men ond their fami
lies is of the stufr of which morale is
made. "We cannot assume a passive
attitude." said Mr. Parsons, "on the
part of the soldier or sailor, satisfied J
-t-i .11 1. ..,,.., Kl n.rll on I !
patiently waiting for things to rignt
themselves. The figMing man wants
to know all about what is going on at
home all the details about his fomily
end s bout the friends and his com
munity generally. He wants to be
kept in touch with the local civic af
fairs and what is going on in his town
and state. We are coming to see that
this interest is a powerful support to
a man's stamina. It keeps him sane
and healthy. It braces him up to
know that those with whom he has
lived and who mean so much to him
appreciate the sacrifice he is making.
BISBEE BOYS SAFELY
REACH "OVER THERE"
The 340th field artillery has arrived
safely over seas and now is in the
indefinite area of "over there." accord
ing to a telegram received last night
by William Dclbridge from his son.
Jack IX-lbridge. private first clais,
headquarters company. A number of
pther lads from this district are in
umm loir wcaiion
Jff .ViT Si?i
2i'Hr.irr:cEsEE?E
i
mmAmm Hotel Alexandria
m
700 Comfortable Rooms
ISO Rooms, Toilet and Lavatory -
150 Rooms wUh Bath
100 Rooms with Bath
100 Rooms with Bath - - - -100
Rooms with Bath En Suite.
Special Rates by the Week
tn's regiment, among them being ETan
Vile, Ferdinand Itzweir, Tony Car
ret to. Bob Apgert and Dushan Angius.
The te'egram gae no information
other than that the regiment had safe
ly landed on the other side of the
ouean.
PLEASANT PICNIC
Taking advantage of the opportunity
offered for a picnic at Sycamore grove
on July 4th, the men of the Motor
Truck club vf Douglas, gave an outing
which furnished much amusement for
the girls in whose honor it was given.
The day was spent in dancing and
games of various kinds were played.
Those who enjoyed the outing were
Misses Marie and Lena Kaminski, No
omi and Ruth Callison, Loretta Mc
Quillan, Enna Kelly, Matilda Wassee
Gertrude Sparks, May Powe. and Mary
Williams. Sergeants Bradshaw, Mich
aels. Frances and Cole; Corporals Wil
liams. Casson. Collier, Patterson. Mag
gis, Wallander. Mitchell and MeTier
ror. Privates Meigh, Diamond, Schaf
er and O'Hara. The picnic was chap
eroned by Mr .and Mrs. Kahinski, and
every one had a day of much fuh.
SUTTER CLUB
GROWS RAPIDLY
IN DISTRICT
The; proof of the pudding is in tho
eating and the proof of popularity is
the n.antier in which the mention of
a mail's name arouses enthusiasm. By
this taet "the Hon. Fred Sutter lacks
neither popularity or friends readv and
willing to hack him to the limit in his
(3TiP?tgn --r (I"- cVtvcruic n-uit-,
"..t ve-n"r-- !f f r?
. ,. , l'; ' ' ' ' "' - ' ' ' '. '.L-':;kJ'..tti
of the Warren district Sutter club,
last nipht, it was announced that the
membership had reached 1400.
The one complaint offered was not
that gren effort had to be expended
in bringing additional members into
the club membership list, but that
the secretary, Henry Aiken, was hav-'
ir.g all he could do in keeping up his
lists and attending to other purely
clerical duties attached to his of'ice.
The outlook at present is flattering
to the hope that not many days will
have passed before the club roll
reaches the total of 2500 active, work
ing members, while predictions of
3oo0 members and even higher, are
heard frequently.
TEAL COMPANY WILL
CLOSE HERE TONIGHT
Due to the placing of a two weeks'
engagament in El Paso the Raymond
Teal company have decided to cut,
their fctay at the Central theater in
t nwcU "short and will leave for El
Pus.i Monday. travelling overland.
opening there Thursday evening.
The closing bill to be played Sun
day night is "His Baby Girl," one of
the lunniest shows yet presented. It
marks the end of a successful two
weeks' stay. The Teal company has
on mi the road for about five weeks
and are booked for a return engage-j
ment ia Deming, N. M.. In three'
unci-, mnm. however, thev expect to,
play a return date in Lowell within
the next few months.
DEMPSEY K. O.'S FLYNN
(By Review Tens1 Wire)
ITT VT f o Tnlu A Tailr Dunin.
sey. Salt Lake City heavyweight.
knocked out Dan (Porky) Fiynn ot
Boston, in the first round of a sched
uled ten round bout here tonight. The
round was about half over when Demp
sey sent a left hook to the stomach
followed by a right cross to the Jaw
and Flynn took the count.
WILL DECIDE ACTION
A.A?iaAa ui L I, juiy o. w. uicfc-
erson president of the Western league
announced here today that a meeting
of club owners would be held in
Omaha tomorrow to decide whether
the league shall continue playing ,
throughout the season.
Z& T
nr
Combine Business With Pleasure
You will get more out of boili if you make tho
Hotel Alexandria headquarters centrally located,
just two blocks from the jjluat terminal of tho
Pacific Electric Interurban lines wlikli extend
throughout Southern California. -Headily accessible
to mountain and tiem li resorts.
Two thousand milea of good automobile road3
reacli out in every Uirectiou.
In line with Patriotic Oovernment Savlnor
plan, have Dintle nuuxtantlnl rrdnrr lonn in our
hotel lurlff and
Low Summer Rates Are
Nowirv Effect at
Our Hotel Ttepister shows every year many
vinitom from Arizona, New Mexico, Nevuda. Tesas.
Colorado. Imperial Valley and Southern California
points. Arrange la turrt your lrled bere. You
will till d h cordial welcome.
Write lor attractive folder.
Make yonr reservation XOtV,
Vernon Goodwin, AIce-Pre. and Managing Director
$2.00
2.50
3.00
4.00
Alexandria
or Month fifth axd spring
DICK HELD
FACES SERIOUS
COURT CHARGE
Meets Young Girl at Bowie,
Takes Hsr to Globe and
Then Brings Her Here as
Daughter
Dick Ilighfield, who is quite well
known in this district where he ha.s
lived off and on for the past ten years,
occupied a cell in the county jail at
Lowell and on Monday will appear be
fore Judge High to answer to a charge
of statutory rape, alleged to have been
committed on the person of a litti-i
11 year old girl, named Louis Belcti
er. According to the story told by the
little girl to the officers she was on
her way from Santa Monica. Califor
nia, on a Southern Pacific train bound
to some place in New Mexico to meet
her father. When she arrived at
Bowie, she was informed by the con
ductor that his train did not stop at
the place that she was to get off, and
for her to stop over at Howie and take
the next train out. While she was in
Bowie she was approached by High
field, who told her that he was her
father and he took her to Globe and
several other places and kept her
sleeping with him every night. She
stated that he brought her here abou'
four days ago and kept her at Lowell
until night before last when lie
brought her up to the Moose hotel in
this ctfy "-here he told her that she
wt:M h"vn to tiVe h'e r"me rnd then
i- us that it dawned on her that he
was not her father. She was afraid to
tell any one and if it had not been for
the fact that his actions and talk had
with the girl .In the room was over
heard by a roomer, it might not have
leaked out. The roomer was not satis
fied with the story that was told him
and he reported it to the police offic
ers and an investigation was started.
The girl was found and told her story
and then a search was started to
find him. He was located in Lowefl.
The girl at present is in the custody
of Miss Cummings, the probation of
ficer. Telegrams were sent last night
by the officers to try and locate the
girl's mother. The little girl did not
know the address of her mother in
Santa Monica but knew the address of
her sister at Ontario. . Telegrams were
sent to officers in both places so that
they could be communicated with and
also to try and get the location of the
father.
One peculiar feature of the girl's
story is that if he had been with her
for two weeks that no word had been
received by the officers of the disap
pearance of the young girl from the
train at Bowie and of her no arrival at
her father's address in New Mexico.
It is expected that some further de
velopments will be had today. No mat
ter whether the girl's story of the two
weeks' adventure is so or not the of
ficers have sufficient evidence to con
vict him of the offense on account of
his actigns on Friday night at the
Moose hotel.
Highfield at the time of the Oatman
boom was on was in the district Bell
ing stock in some claims there. He
was arrested at Douglas on a charge
of passing a bogus check about that
time but managed to fix the matter
up.
WOBBLIES FILE
DAMAGE SUITS
AT TOMBSTONE
(Continued from Pagp One)
ovich, Walter Parker, A. Marinello,
W. A, Befan, Isaac Conkey, Victor
Pajumen, P. Sullivan. John Wernshcy,
Marckus Shutte, Jack S. Norman. N.
Zoro, John B. Campbell, W. M. Nor
ris, Reina Medio, J. L. Deckery, Reist
Stojeich, Tom Vucinich, Jeremiah Mc
Carthy, L. E. Metz, Wallace Stephens,
Hotel Company
sts, los axgeles, calif.
J'
F. S. Moore, .lolin Pescevi. Wm. Black
burn, (Jus S lin. Dan (lormaii. Sam
Brooks, John t'ei t.tiiac, lii.-y Wil
liams. Amen Krall, John Krall. Wm.
WeilzenleH), J. O. McCoy. Charles
Nord, John McCormack, Koliert Hast
ings, ('has. C. Weiss, ('has. H. I!eni!ev.
J S. Smith, Julius l.anKe, Auti gold
en, John Hall.uan, John (Jury, l'ul
O'Ncil. K. W. Webb. John Lellue, 1 .
L. Delja. L. Parks. Matt K. Saari. ().-'
car Johnson, Oscar Alori:'., (iconic Zu
icli, W. S. liwrence. Kohl. K. Pas
tors, Timothy McKuery, Joseph Kin
kella, Tony Puhar, Mike Mukvac. T.
( uiwiiiiKhuin, Andrew Spacal, James
Casey, John Krcek. John Munich, C.
Linn, J. S. Woffoid, U. II. Stolliugs,
I L. Stollii.gs, Nick Marcetich. It. A.
Wathli'.l, Thomas Knglish, Jack Kinxo.
Harry Handley. Kiai.K McAleer. t'M
Vuksjn. T. 11. Loft us. Peter KundarU,
Michael Simnit us, Frank Vucich. L.
l'aiisor. Jacob Hill, Francisco Uarbii,
A. S. Kinbrec, 'PrttSr Air;;an, Alfred
G. Heinlrick. Selbal.vlaxwe.il, Kd Gran
diii, Frank Aldace, John McAiiKhey,
K. Isaacson, Wiii. li. Cleary, 1). F.
Shine, V. D. Carter.
Tho defendants in the ailii.n from
whom they wish to recover damages
are: The El Paso & Southwestern
Railroad company, Phelps Dodge Mer
cantile company. Copper Queen Con
solidated Mining company, Phelps
Dodge corpotation. Calumet & Arizona
Mining company, - Shattuck Arizona
Copper company, Walter Dauglas, M.
J. Cunningham, . Harry Wheeler,
Charles W. Allen'! James R. Hender
son, Hen Frankeiiberg. Sam Franken
berg, Mose Newman, Grant II. Dowel),
John Anglus, Arthur Notman, I.ei.i
Shattuck, J. E. Curry, and Florian li.
King.
The complaint as filed reads ad fol
lows: The plaintiff complaining of the
above-named defendants for cau.se of
ait ion against said defendant all'-ges:
1. That the El Paso & South ext
ern Railroad company is a corpora
tion organized and existing under th?
lows of the state of Arizona; that the
Phelps Dodge Mercantile company, the
;cpper Queen Consolidated Mining
a :jpai:y aud the Phelps Dodge cor
poration are corporations organized
and existing under the laws of the
state of New York; that the Calutet
& Arizona Mining company is a cor
poration organized and existing under
the laws of the state of Michigan; that
the Shattuck Arizona Copper company
is a corporation organized and exist
ing under the laws of the state of
Minnesota; that all of the above
mentioned corporations were at the
time of the grievances hereinafter
mentioned, and are now doing busi-,
ness in the state of Arizona, in Co
chlse county therein.
2. That heretofore, on. to-wit, the
12th day of July. 1917, the plaintiff
was, and had been for some time .prior
thereto, domiciled in and a resident of
the county of Cochise, state aforesaid,
and on the day aforesaid, the defend
ants, and other persons to the plajiftiff
unknown, at, to-wit, in the county
aforesaid, with force and arms, to-wit,
by and through the employment by
the defendants of a large force oi
about luuo armedmen, and with the
design to take him. the plaintiff, out of
this state, and without having estal)
lished any claim or right therefor, did
arrest and imprison the plaintiff, and
with forco and arms aforesaid did
thereupon carry "the plaintiff out of
said county of Cochise., state of Ari
zona, into another county and state,
to-wit, into the state of New Mexico.
3. That by the wrong and injury
aforesaid the plaintiff sustained dam
ages in this, that he, the said plaintiff,
was by the act of the defendants as
aforesaid, taken away from his usual
place of domicile and residence, busi
ness and vocation, and from his fam
ily, friends and relatives and prevent
ed from returning thereto, and there
by suffered severe mental and physi
cal pain and anguish, and was prevent
ed from carrying on and pursuing his
usual vocation and business, all to hi.t
damage in the sum of $10,000. That the
act of the defendants aforesaid was
wanton and wilfull and in violation of
the laws of the 'state of Arizona and
of the United States, and did deprive
the plaintiff of civil rights, privileges
and immunities guaranteed to him by
the laws of the state of Arizona and of
the United States.
Wherefore the plaintiff prays Judg
ment against the defendants in 'he
sum of 110,000 actual damages by him
sustained, and for the further sum of
$10,000 as and for punitive damages,
and for his costs herein sustained.
The papers in the action will not
be served by the sheriffs office and
the county will loose that amount in
fees as they intend ti have some one
of their own representatives servo ihe
papers. It is expected that service will
be made next week some time as the
work of completing the filing and the
attaching of the summons to the
copies of the complaint had not been
made at the close of tho clerk's of
fice in Tombstone last n'ghr.
ASSASSINS SLAY
HUN AMBASSADOR
AND THEN FLEE
(Continued from Pago One)
assassinated today at Moscow, accord
ing to a dispatch received here.
O'ltnining admittance under false
rretences. two unknown men entered
the private office of Count Von Mil
bach this morning. A short discus
sion ensued. Then revolver shots were
heard, followed by explosions of hand
grenades. The embassador died almost
instantly. The assassins escaped and
have not yet been arrested.
Count Von Mirbach formerly was
German minister to Greece. The bol
shefik government consented to his
nomination as ambassador to Russia
last April. In May a dispatch from
Moscow said that the demands pre
sented by the German ambassador
would virtually make Russia a Ger-!
man colony.
THE REVIEW
Job Department
will furnish you an estimate
on that job on short notice
GERMANS ARE
PREPARING TO
START AGAIN
(Continued frum Pago One)
li:eir casiialie were small, according
lo Ine latest reports. Virtually the en
tire bo.ly of A iueiii :ms came throug'i
unscaM'.e:!. T 1 1 i -t wa-t probably due to
the weak resistance which the Ger
mans offered to the Anf.l'J-American
onslaught.
Yesiei'iay's opera! 'oils "ie specifi
cally planned as a Fourth of July rele
1 ration which should bring the Ameri-
t ins into the I'rkish battle line for
the first time. American troops who
were to take part in this memorable
event were brigaded with their Aus
tralian Lilies, who, took the deept st
interest in the fort In timing welding of
the link of brotherhood. The plans
v re carefully rehears' d until every
American knew his role almost as well
as the h irdy vetemns from hU uinj
rstv's ally.
Few people nlou? the front knew of
the forthtoming event, but the Hrit
ish staff olfii-ers were watching every
move with the keenest attention.
Those oiii.ers todav were outspoken
ly delighted with what they had seen.
" The Americans went over the top
with the Australians behind big tanks
as though thev had been doing the
sime thing all their lives. Then came
the clash with the enemy infantry
among the shell ho'e defenses and
trenches under the ray liuht of the
early dawn.
There was no hesitation. For a week
n-st the pr'tish experts had been din
ning into the ears of the Americans
the words "kill! ki'I! kill." It Is the
cardinal slot-an of the fighting man
and while it is not pleasant to dwell
upon, yet that is what war is.
The Americans had .learned their
lesson well. The pritish officers
spoke or this after the affair was
over. No drill master ever got better
returns for his ta'ks than the one who
Might thse Americans tb.it hardest
lessen of -ill A preot number of Ger
mans raid the supreme price yester
day and the men from the United
States exacted a vry heavy toll.
The Americans were naturally hap
py last nieht over the success of the
operation in which thev had played a
creditable part, and the Australians
were no less pleased y ith their new
found pals.
The loeatien of a good showing of
mica was announced at Tucson by M.
E. Huff and Alford Roos.
At Tucson, the Socorro Smelter has
secured a ten-acre site.
MR. JAMES SENA
wishes to announce to the
public that he has bought
out his partner, W. T. Sim
mons and that the
MASON'S MARKET,
Brewery Gulch, will hence
forth be run under his pro
prietorship, serving the pub
lic with the best of meats at
all times. Phone 324.
ANNA EKOLA
Chiropodist
Last Day
Monday
COME EARLY AND AVOID THE
FINAL RUSH HOURS,
10 A. M. TO 9 P. M.
LOWELL DRUG STORE
The Famous Medium
PROF. JERRILL
is located at the
Lowell Hotel Room 2
SPECIAL
Reading $1.00, for a few day only
Th irratMt exponent el Hiniu WwfW
In America. The mm with woodarinl elilr
vorant power and the mot conscientious aeV
vter of anr in the profrtiion. He brine yoa
face t (ace wilh (act. Now la yoa rppot
ttanitT to consult true, gifted medium. He
oiitlrtly tells your name, what ia at t
you to do to be successful in bwJiness, lovw
affairs, what changes ts make. He tolls yeej
M th one you love is true or false and kosf
to (roTern and control your enemies astl
friend in fact, how to be successful ha ass
and all affairs o( life. Mr. Terrill haa a world
We renutatiwn and has the endorsement of
Ihe best ocop'e. He (narantesa saelsfaetUas
Everything ia kept confidential.
li iiiin.iiinwuiyjii aw i.ii m
NIP
, - .
pnanwiaBnanBaRnannn""""a""
REPORT OF THE CONDITION OF
The Bank of Bisbee
At Bisbee in the State of Arizona, at the close of business' June 29th, 191S.
RESOURCES
Iians and Discount:!, less due from Directors $l,73.r.0S4 ?.S
Overdrafts - - 2.210.74
United Slates Hondt - - 427.371)0".
Slate, County and Municipal IVmds 139.7i0.3S
Other I.onds, Stocks, Securities, etc 14U.221.65
Hanking House, Furniture and Fixtures 25.206 :!
Real Estate - 5.m 7
Spl ie ' 40,1508.55
Legal Tender and National Hank Notes 1H9.2.S8.UO
Exchanges for Clearing - 17,449.12
Due from State and National Kanks,
Approved Reserve Agents 532.887.33
Due from State and National Hanks,
not Hescrve Agents - 20.45S.2S 750.E91 .
Assets not included under above heads, viz:
Mexican Money, (dold Value) 28.94.34
Liberty Loan Installment Account 21o.47S.Cl
War Savings Stamps 4.SM) 4
Internal Revenue Stamps - 43 29
TOTAL - $3,570,138,415
LIABILITIES
Capital Stock paid in - 50.00O.O)
Surplus - - 5'I.OOOim)
Cndividei Prctits. Less Current Exp. & Taxes ft Interest paid 178.517.39
Individual Deposits subject to check $1,956,133.33
Savings Deposits 912.4S1.50
Demand Certificates of Deposit 2.345.00
Time Certificates of Deposit 104.701 .00
Certified Checks - 2.695.SS
Cashier's check outstanding 19.202.62
Due State and National Hanks 22,065.98 3.019. 6i5 29
Reserve for Taxes and Interest . 12.3ti0.78
Third Liberty Loan Int. Account - 259,575.00
TOTAL - $3,570138.46
State of Arizona, County of Cochise, ss.
I, M. J. Gunning ha in, Cashier of the above named bank, do solemnly swear
that the above statement is true to the best of my knowledge and belief.
M. J. CUNNINGHAM. Cashier.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 6th day of July, 1918.
(NOTORIAL SEAL) T. A. HUGHES. Notary Public.
Correct Attest:
M. J. CUNNINGHAM )
) Directors
E. E. ELU.WVOOD )
REPORT OF THE CONDITION OF
Miners and Merchants Bank
At Bisbee in the State of Arizona, at the close of business June 29th, 191S.
RESOURCES
Loans and Discounts, less due from Directors
Overdrafts -
United States Bonds - -
State, County and Muriicipa) Bonds
Other Bonds. Stocks, Securities, etc .'.
I anking House. Furniture and Fixtures .
Real Estate
Specie $
; Legal Tender and National Hank Notes
! Exchanges for Clearing
Other Cash Items r
Due from State and National Bunks.
Approved Reserve Agents
Due from'State and .National uanks.
; not Reserve Agents
' Assets not included under above heads,
j "VVar Stamps and Thrift Stamps
Mexican Money (Gold Value)
TOTAL
LIABILITIES
Capital Stock paid in
Surplus
Undivided Profits. Less Current Exp.
Individual Deposits subject to check
Time Deposits 1
Time Certificates of Deposit
Certified Checks
Cashier's check outstanding
Due State and National Banks
Reserve Tax Funds
Reserve Interest Account
Dividends Unpaid
TOTAL
State of Arizona. County of Cochise,
I, P. M. Bl'CKWALTKR. Cashier
swear that the ahpve statement U true
Subscribed and swern to before
(NOTARIAL SEAL)
V REPORT OF THE CONDITION OF
Citizens Bank & Trust Co.
At Risbee in the State of Arizona, at the close of business June 29th, 191 S.
RESOURCES
Loans and Discounts, less due from Directors J246.157.93
Due from Directors 450.00
Overdrafts - - 3.390 43
United States Bonds - 12.047.OO
State, County and Municipal Bonds 98.369 74
Other Bonds. Stocks. Securities, etc 22.272 94
Banking House, Furniture and Fixtures 34.104 62
Real Estate -52 40
Specie - 2.669 81
Legal Tender and National Bank Notes 10.759 00
Exchanges for Clearing 2,360.37
Due from State and National Banks.
Approved Reserve Agents 89.786. S2
Duo from State and National Banks.
not Reserve Agents - 3.047.26 10S.622 26
Assets not included under above heads, viz:
Courtland Ixt. Building & Fixtures 2.5ik) 00
Mexican Money (Gold Value) - 130.SI
War Savings and Thrift Stamp 1.992 63
TOTAL - - I531.S90.TS
LIABILITIES
Capital Stock paid in - $ 50.000.00
Undivided Profits. Less Current Hxp. & Taxes & Interest paid 2.1S5.44
Individual Deposits subject to check - $366,040 72
Savings Deposits 109.10S.3S
Time Certilicates of Deposit
Cashier's check outstanding
TOTAL
State of Arizona. County of Cochise,
I. C. A. McDonald. CaBhier of the
that the above statement is true to
Subscribed and sworn to before
(NOTARIAL SEAL)
Review Want Ads Bring Results
1.10740.67
2.609.43
161.756.25
150.100.00
4S4.250 IS
1.00
300
26.176.30
71.432.80
4.928.5.6
495.84
- 692.113.00
viz:
4.071.85
799.217.55
5.018 66
153 96
- $3,710,250 72
-
-
& Taxes & Interest paid
50.000 OA
100.000.00
1S2.57503
J2.G57.369.79
670.707. 03
14.970.02
463.C6
13.4d5.95 .
9.992.07 J.366.99S.52
- - - 6.i'0 PO
- - 100.00
- 4. 576.67
$3.710.2.r.iv.72
ss.
of the above named bank, do solemnly
to the best of my knowledge and belief.
P. M. BL'CK WALTER. Cashier.
me this 6th day of July. 1918.
P. H. F1TZPATRICK. Notary Public
My Commission expires Feb. 20. 1920
Correct Attest:
L. J. OVERLOCK )
) Directors
. GEO. HAXINGER. )
1.000.00
3,556.22 479.705.32
- $531,890.76
ss.
above named, bank, do solemnly swear
the best of iny knowledge and belief.
C. A. McDONALD. Cashier.
me this 6th day of July. 1918.
M. C. HIGH. Notary Public.
My commission expires Feb. IS. 1920.
Correct Attest:
WILL E. McKEE )
E. A. WATKINS ) Directors
c a. Mcdonald ) THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW. SUNDAY MORNING, JULY 7, 1918.
SEVEN
lfn r w n n ' nTiRrcnrrrrc
M M. . IUJ? f (WihW)
B - -J J I i ii ii i muni 1 In nil 11 11 " mmmmmmmm 11 w - B
s
Commi
OTTi
ssionea urncers.
Petty Officers
Warran
t Offi
icers
Ji IT
0
1C
M
Are Needed for the
(1
i J
vru
yj
LP
Ukt-i
11
J Liu U Li U
These Officers Will Be Selected From Among the
Who Enlist or Enroll in the Navy
M
en
This selection will be based upon merit. No amount of "drag" will get one nickel's
worth of advancement. The humblest American will have as great an Opportunity
as any other recruit. The United States is looking for men who can make good. If
you are the man, you cannot make a mistake by joining the Navy TODAY.
for
Jl
IL
h.
on me
w
ar
Registered Men
Attention
IF YOUR DRAFT BOARD DON'T NEED YOU FOR THEIR
CURRENT QUOTA, THEY'LL RELEASE YOU TO THE NAVY.
IF YOU'RE REGISTERED, LOOK UF YOUR POSITION ON THE
LIST.
Lowest Pay $35.90 Per Month
FOR INEXPERIENCED MEN WITHOUT A TRADE.
$145.70 Per Month
(in non-commissioned grades) TOR EXPERIENCED TRADESMEN
YOU NOT ONLY SERVE YOUR COUNTRY, BUT
YOU SERVE YOURSELF, EVEN BETTER THAN IF
YOU "STAYED AT HOME," BECAUSE: THE NAVY
IS THE BEST PAID SERVICE, ADVANCEMENT CER
TAIN TO THE DESERVING; THE LIFE IS CLEAN,
HEALTHFUL.
What Are Yoa Doing in the
World War, Anyway?
ASK YOURSELF, ANSWER TRUTHFULLY, AND IF
YOU DON'T LIKE THE ANSWER YOU'LL FIND
The Navy Recruting Station
COPPER QUEEN DISPENSARY - BISBEE
g EI Paso
Albuquerque
SUBSTATIONS
Deming
A Word to Women
IT IS YOUR SACRED DUTY TO ENCOURAGE YOUNG
MEN .TO ANSWER THEIR COUNTRY'S CALL.
AND YOU SHOULD INCLUDE H I M. DON'T ASK H I M
TO STAY AT HOME AND EXPECT OTHER HUSBANDS,
OTHER SONS, OTHER SWEETHEARTS TO FIGHT OUR
COUNTRY'S BATTLES FOR H I M.
HE WILL COME BACK FROM THE NAVY A BETTER
MAN. HE WILL BE STRONGER, FOR THE AVERAGE RE
CRLTr GAINS FIFTEEN POUNDS DURING THE SHORT
TRALNING PERIOD. HE WILL COME BACK NEATER, CLEAN
ER AND MORE REGULAR IN HABITS A HARDY, UPRIGHT,
MANLY BLUEJACKET.
TELL HIM TO ENLIST. DON'T HOLD HIM BACK WITH
TEARS AND MAKE A SLACKER OF HIM. SEND HIM AWAY
WITH A SMILE OR BRING HIM DOWN YOURSELF AND SEE
HIM SWORN IN AS MANY MOTHERS DO. EE A SPARTAN.
Roswell
Or ANY POSTMASTER
L. L. GILMAN
THE UNITED STATES NAVY IS INDEBTED TO THE FOLLOWING PATRIOTIC BISBEE FIRMS FOR THIS ADVERTISEMENT:
W ATKINS & BERGQUIST E. B. WALLACE SUNSET BARBER SHOP BISDEE DRUG CO
3 THE EISBEE DAILY REVIEW. SUNDAY MORNING, JULY 7, 1918.
EIGHT
City Briefs
Has anyone visited you? Or
have you entertained? If so, call
The Review after 6 p. m. and tell
the Society Kditor, phoue 39.
ON VACATION.
Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Applin and chil
dren spent three days of the week at
Kamsay canyon.
MEETING.
The Arizona Orphanage association
will meet July luth at 1:30 p. m. at
the home of Mrs. Tom Copplewaithe in
Warren.
he will take further examination and
will return to Tombstone to await fur
ther call.
TO AVIATION CORPS.
Euwll Hudson, son of Mr. and Mrs.
G. D. Hudson, left last night for San
Diego to enlist in the aviation corps.
ON WAY TO TOMBSTONE.
Albeit Sames, David Benshiraol and
Harry Pickett motored through yes
terday from Douglas on their way to
Tombstone on court matters.
RAINS.
So far there has been little or no
rain in the Huachuca mountains while
the flats and foothills of that moun
tain range have been well soaked.
HAVE RETURNED.
Mrs. Emma Neil and granddaughter
returned this morning from Ft. Hau
chucas, where she has been visiting
her son.
SAFE OVERSEAS.
Mr. and Mrs. A. F. Van Wye of
Naco, received word that their son.
Corp. T. Van Wye who was with th
340th field artillery. 8th division, Ar
rived safely overseas.
LEFT THE CITY.
Mrs. Albert C. Strack left last night
on the westbound train for Los An
geles, San Diego and San Francisco,
where she will visit for the remaining
summer months.
IN FRANCE.
Word has been received by Mr. and
Mrs. Harry Noel of this city, that their
son. Cole M Noel, has arrived safely
overseas Mr Noel left Bisbee with
the drafted boys and was stationed at
Camp Funston until going overseas.
NEW REVIEW MAILER.
Arthur Peterson, who attends th3
Bisbee high school, has accepted a po
sition in the mailing room of the Bis
bee Daily Review. 'Pete' workB morn
ings and goes to .school in the da
time.
DAUGHTER BORN
A
Mrs
tiie 4th at the home of Mrs. Mary Gili
in Warren. Mr. Whitley was formerly
with the C. & A. mine, but is now with
the Jerome Copper company.
fleer. United States navy, is home on
a fourteen day furlough and is visit
ing his parents in the Warren district.
Harper is stationed at Mare Island
MEET TUESDAY. 'and has been ou the U. S. S. Ward.
The ladies of the Christian church which holds the record for being built
meet every Tuesday at the church to : in the shortest length of time of any
sew for the Red Cross. Everyone Is
welcome to come and sew. Those who
were present last Tuesday were Mrs.
Welbourne, Mrs. Stewart, Mrs. Hollis,
Mrs. Moore, Mrs. Deacon, Mrs. Abies,
Mrs. Hennley, Mrs. Blunt and Mrs.
Hudson.
Y VOLLEY BALL DRAWS.
The semi-weekly volley ball games
at the Y. M. C. A. are the attraction of
the season for the business men. The
class meets on Tuesday and Friday
nights at 8 o'clock and play volley
ball till 9:30 o'clock when calisthenics
boat in the navy, having been built in
seventeen days. Before joining the j
navy Harper attended school in Bis-;
bee and worked at the Orpheum the-j
ater. He had acquired considerable,
reputation in the district for his clev-j
er cartoon work on and off the stage.
His many friends will be gratified to
earn of his rise to first class petty of-1
ficer.
tl
RIGHT SPIRIT.
The chairman of the entertainment
committee received the following let
ter from J. L. Clueston and a check for
and wrestling follow. The class is com-1 j5 from a member of the C. & A. band.
posed chiefly of business men who , j"hls donation to Red Cross is from I
have no way or keeping down tne sur-1 jjr LPm shell a member of the C. St
plus fat. ' ; a. band. We have a rule in the band
that no one can play In the band with-
HAS RETURNED. I cut a uniform, and as Mr. Shell is a
Capt. J. P. Hodgson has returned
from a trip to the coast where he vis
ited with ihs family, at Long Beach.
They went from there to the Ameri
can Lake, where they visited their
son, Lieut. Hodgson, before he left
lor over seas. The entire 198th di
vision that has been stationed at that
place has left for other quarters. They
left last Sunday.
TODAY-
CONTINUOUS 1 TO 11
er
TODAY 1
E
LS
E
ARTCRAFT PRESENTS
FERGUSON
IN THE SIX-ACT FILMIZATION OF THE WELL KNOWN BOOK. BY AGNES AND EDGERTON CASTLE,
raw
IS IN DISTRICT. .
A. S. Hawkins, candidate for attor
ney general, came in yesterday from
Tombstone and will remain in the dis
trict until Tuesday morning when he
will continue on to Nogales. Judge
Hawkins came over via stage and was
thoroughly impressed with the excel
lence of the new state highway. Haw
kins is a former Texan and is going to
round up" the Long Horns so he says.
THROUGH WITH PRISONERS.
Sheri.'f Guy Welch and deputy Har
ry Rafferty were in the city yester
day on their way to Douglas with
some prisoners. One of them was a
young man named Moon who was a
inserter. He had been in hiding In
the Huachuca mountains and was
caught by the representatives of the
Sheiiff's office on Jhe 3rd of July. He
has teen dodging the officers for a
number of months.
ROADS IN GOOD SHAPE.
According to reports from various
parts of the county, the county roads
are in good shape, due to the rains
or the past week. The soft and dusty
nlaces have been packed down nice
ly, while no bad washouts have been
reported. The rain or Friday night
considerably helped the new section
cn the Tombstone Bisbee highway, al
lowing better travel. .
LEAVES FOR TUCSON.
Dr. Wm. Johnson, one of the young
daughter was born to Mr anc " 'SlTBwi; 75
. A. H. Whitley on the morning of , ,eft tn,s
morning for Tucson where he will be
connected with Dr. Baker in the Santa
Rita hotel. The doctor is a graduate
of Northwestern Dental college and re
sMprt In the Warren district for some
RETURNS FROM SCHOOL. HmA - few vears ago. He is the son
Philip Dupen son of Mr. and Mrs. I of pr jjattie Johnson and his friends
L. Dupen of Warren, has returned to Jn ,hg warren district wilt be greatly
his home in the Warren district tjpieasej to learn of his success in th
spend the summer vacation. Young . pro(ession he has chosen.
Dupen has been attending college in
Kansas and says he likes it fine. j CIRCULATING PETITIONS.
Since the issuance or tne notice io
probable candidates to have their
petitions filed by Clerk of the Board
of Supervisors A. C. Karger, most of
the candidates have at once gotten
tusy and are having their petitions
circulated throughout the various pre
cincts of the county, in order that
they will be able to get on the bal
lot, which will be sent to the soldiers
from Arizona who are now in train
ing camp. This was made necessary
by the new soldier voting law passed
by the recent special session of thn
legislature.
GRAFTING SUCCESSFUL.
Proressor Biederman, the entimolog
ist and also known as the local Bur
bank, is making his "grafting" plant
extended over quite an area in Carr
canyon in the Huachuca mountain.
His particular success is in a large
number of varieties of English, French
and German thin shelled walnuts. He
has been particularly successful in
grafting the various varieties of wal
nuts of the domestic kind onto the
wild walnut trees of that locality. It
may be surprising but it Is a fact that
the professor has so far found twenty-two
distinct varieties of wild wal
nut trees in the Huachucas,
HAWKINS ARRIVES HERE.
A. S. Hawkins, candidate for the
democratic nomination for attorney
general of Arizona, arrived here yes
terday from his home in Phoenix and
began a strenuous local campaign. He
is making his headquarters at the Cop
per Queen hotel.
IS VISITING MOTHER.
Philip Dickinson who has been at
tending the University of Washington
at Seattle has arrived home to spend
the summer vacation with his moth
er, Mrs. Frank Wheeler of Warren.
While on his way home Dickinson
spent a month at the officers' training
camp A Presidio, near San Francisco.
PRIZES FOR ADS.
According to advices received here
from the Eleventh Federal Reserve
district at Dallas which includes Ari
zona, are that prizes are to be offer
ed for the best advertising copy for
page ads to be used during the cam
paign for the Fourth Liberty loan in
the fall.
TO JOIN NAVY.
Orin Preston of Tombstone, wag in
the city yesterday for the purpose of
entering the services of the United
States navy. He passed his examina
tion and has gone on to El Paso, where
HOME ON FURLOUGH.
Alger Harper, first class petty of-
new man here, he had no uniform,
therefore could not be at the Red
Cross dance on the Fourth. He feels
that as he could not come down and
play he would be only doing what was
right to make this donation."
SOLDIER MARRIES.
Sergt. Clifford H. Kirkland fit th
17th cavalry; Btationed at Douglas, and
Miss Frances Marshall of Warren, sur
prised many of their friends by being
quietly married at the home of Chap-;
Jain George R. Longbrake of Douglas, j
Brother officers of Sergeant Kirkland
had expected to attend the ceremon-:
ies and placed guards to watch for ',
them but the couple slipped away
while" their friends were dancing at
the Warren park.
Sergeant and Mrs. Kirkland will
leave for Vancouver barracks, Wash
ington, in a few days where Sergeant
Kirkland has been commissioned a
lieutenant In the aviation branch.
i
OF THE WO
In this subject Mis3 Ferguson will be seen in a role similar to those in which she won
her greatest triumps on the regular stage.
ONE OF ARTCRAFTS BEST OFFERINGS PONT MISS IT
PATHE WEEKLY
SHOWING ALL THE LATEST CURRENT EVENTS
MUTT AND JEFF COMEDY HAPPY HOOLIGAN COMEDY
ADMISSION CHILDREN 10c
ADULTS 15c
THIS INCLUDES WAR TAX
1
LIGHTNING CAUSES FIRE.
During the electrical storm Friday
night in tombstone, lightning struck
the Ben Cook residence on lower 4th
street, and a blaze started between
the ceiling and the roof, which would
have resulted disastrously, had not
Mrs. H. P. Johnson discovered thb !
smoke emerging from the roo" and
turned in the alarm. The bolt entered
through a gaspipe at the rool ig
niting the ceiling. The volunteer fire
fighters responded to tne can ana
it
Mitchell, Do.ig:as; John Sprac, to wed
Dorothea Ravlicich, Bisbee; J. Claro
to wed Lawra Gonzales, Bisbee; Lee
Sutter to wed Ida Clause, Douglas;
Antonio Duran to wed Rosa Reel, of;
Gleeson; Charles N. Smith to wed Fay ;
Kthelwen Wallace, Doug' is; F. Cas-j
sidy, of Douglas, to wed Laura Belle
L'aker, Enid, Okla; Frank Padia to
wed Josephine Ruiz, Benson; Jose.!
Hernandez, to wed Lucrecia Cordova,
Naco; Arthur Back to wed G'adys
Shannon, Bisbee; Francisco Moreno to '
wed Julia Barre'a. Bisbee; Cliiford
1 inn
U
HAL
h F
i . J. i J Girl
LAST TIME
TODAY
Curtain 8:20
LAST TIME
TODAY
1 I L klniia mi hflfnrfl
oread although some damage was Kirkland to wed France, Marshall.
Z hv water The piano and other Risbee; Frank Decham to wed Maria
furniture escaped injury, having been
moved out before the fighters arrived.
The house was unoccupied.
BROTHER PROMOTED.
Attorney J. T. Kingsbury was in the
city yesterday on a short business trip
from his home in Tombstone. He
stated that he had Just received a let
ter from his brother who is stationed
at Ft. Wrorth, Texas, advising him
that he had been appointed to the rank
of captain. Capt. H. B. Kingsbury
states that he was somewhat surprised
upon receiving his appointment as he
was chosen out of the entire number
of men at Ft. Worth. He has applied
for Immediate service and no doubt
will be sent over there in the near fu
ture. Captain Kingsbury is an expert
surgeon and physician, having been
connected with the leading hospitals
of Ft. Worth. It was from this source
that he was recommended so highly
for the position, being considered the
most capable man in the camp.
COMMISSION MEETS.
The Cochlso county highway coin
mission wis in session yesterday af
ternoon. Thev met for the purpose
of opening bids for the Installing of
the iron culverts on section 3 o.i
which the contract for grading ha
been let. There was but one bid and
the commission decided that it was
totf high, so that it was rejected. They
will re advertise and open bids agiin
on the 25th. when they meet to open
the bids for the grading of the o.hor
sections. The work will be started to
day by Contractor Johnson on tn?
section between Douglas and Forrest
Station. The travel to Douglas will
then be diverted down the valley rond
to the Central Highway and then Into
Dowlas through Oirtville. The mem
bers present at the meeting were Pres
ident J. J. Bowen. Secretary A. H.
Gardner. Capt. J. P. Hodgson and Hir
ry Clark of Douglas.
BLISS TICKETS.
The following marriage licenses
were issued last week through the of
fice of Clerk J. E. James of the Su
perior court:
Karl D. Higglns to wed. Gertrude
Martinez. Lowell: Aoros L. Mct.ras-
kin to wed Constance ti Wilkins;
Pimon Sanchez to wed Justa de La
Torrl, Douglas.
"HIS
ROAD CONDITIONS.
Road conditions over the county are
much the same as last week with th'--exception
of a few places where heavy
rains fell and washed the roads, but
in such instances the washouts are of
purely surface nature and in no plac-a
have the roads been washed so a;t to
make them untravelable. The new sec
tion of the state highway Hearing
Tombstone is now. opened permanent
ly and signs are posted directing the
traveler as to fhe right road. Then?
is one situation that will become acute
unless the state engineering depart
ment is advised as to the conditions
and that is the ditches along side
the road over the divide. They have
not been cleaned out as is usual each
year Just previous to the rains and in
event they are left in the present con
dition much longer the surface in
many places will be cross-washed but
this will nrobablv meet the eye of
Messrs. Whitney and Ladd of the in-.
stitutions committee as they journey I trict. These stamps will be sold in
to Tombstone today. Drags are being I any amount to the pupils of the sev
used freely all over the county where : eral rooms. They will then be ex
the rains have fallen sufficiently to; changed at the Fair Store for thrift
permit dragging. Generally speaking ; stamps. By this arrangement chil
the roads are in good going shape. j d,en will be enabled to save in very
j small amounts for the purpose of heip
i ine Uncle Samuel.
A little boy came into the scljool
office cn the morning of July 5 with
fifty cents to buy two thrift stamps
Ho said his uncle gave it to him to
i nn tlin Pfilirth hllf h HAltl lie
flC TUCI lC WCPyC1 thought he would keep It to buy
Ul I IILLiL 1 1 LL1C stamps and help his country.
. The report of the superintendent to
the state superintendent in the (laim
School opeued cn Monday for the i of the district for state aid, shov s the
summer term of twelve weeks, extend- j following: .
!, frnm Jnlv 1 to Sent. 27. with en I Manual training supplies ?2.8S0 .6
enrollment of about 90', of the usual
attendance. A number of the teachers
are taking vacations at the present
FAREWELL PERFORMANCE
aymond Teal's
Sons: Show
Bis;
PRESENTING THE GREAT MUSICAL FARCE,
JU
LAST TIME TONIGHT
ADMISSION Children, 25c; Adults, 50c; Reserved Seats, 75c. This Includes Tax
RESERVED TICKETS ON SALE AT BOX OFFICE ALL DAY
SUMMER SCHOOL IS
OPENED FOR TERM
Manual training teachers 4.RS0.00 i
Domestic science supplies 1,576.98 :
Domestic science teachers 2.840.00
time, and the rollowing Douglas teich-J Commercial supplies C29.20 j
ers are doing substitute work: Mi.-sea i Commercial teachers 1.680.00 ,
Dandoy, Allen, Curry. Millar and M'ss
today LYRIC THEATER today
CONTINUOUS: 1 to 11
WILLIAM A. BRADY Presents CARLYtE BLACKWELL and JUNE ELDRIDGE in
"THE WAY OUT"
IN FIVE PARTS
This story will give you a big sjjrprise. It takes an entirely differ
ent course from anything you would expect. To see it is to have a
splendid time.
MACK SENNETT KEYSTONE COMEDY
"The Betrayal of Maggie"
Just One Laugh After Another
Featuring CHARLES MURRAY, LOUISE FAZENDA AND CHESTER CONKLIN
IN TWO PARTS
Balcony 5c Main Floor 10c Reserved Seats 20c
PONT FAIL TO SEE 'THE DAUGHTER OF DESTINY," MONDAY, JULY 8TH
Plnlev and Mij Rohrer or Eve.rth
Minn., and Miss Setzer of Flagstaff.
Professor Foster's classes In School
Methods and Secondary Education-
I meet every evening at the
school, from 6:00 to 8:00.
Total ?14.2:'5.94
State aid to the amount of $2..r.00:
will be received on the above report. I
nilnh VdSrlilp. who had charge of i
Central the manual training work in the Mo-1
Twenty have County high school at Kingman. I
young ladies are enrolled, from the I arrived Monday to take the position
University of Arizona, and they arc j vacated by Harry Crockett, who enlist
ukim. in th innlnr hieh schools in , ed as a yoeman in the navy. Mr. Mc-
Bride has had several years' experi
ence as a manual training teacher, be
sides bring a practical carpenter by
trade.
TOO LATE TO CLASSIFY
WANTED Position. Thoroughly ex
perienced stenographer. Account
slightly out of practice would take
position at moderate wages. Would
make good in any line of work. Ad
dress, Stenographer, care Review.
771
the following subjects: English, math
iematics, social science, Spanish, ele-
'mentary science, household economics
. . ... . . rrtt
and physical training, iub iuuukius
young ladies are enrolled: Misses
Steger, Schwalen, Rae. Spain, McCoy,
Twedell. Jones, King, Muirhead. Ftrld,
j Saelid, McRoberts, Hildebrand. Vinson
jacome. Bird and Reed. They come
j from all parts of Arizona, and all ex
pressed themselves as delighted with
i the Bisbee climate.
I The University of Arizona hoys at-1
' tending summer school in Bisbee a"-e j
preparing to give a party In the near I ....
'future in8 hotfoL of the young ladies. ; FOR SALE Iluick ight .six. five pas-
Tom Wallace fa chairman of the com-; enger. 11, model Liberty six. 1918
I mj,tre i I model, run less than a thousand
' During the year there has been en- i mile.. P. J. Keogh Auto Upholstery
rolled in the Bisbee public schools and Paint Shop, Lovell. 7,
! 3.550 pupils in the grades. 192 in the I
! night school, 319 in the high school and ,
! 255 In the kindergarten, a total enroll-,
ment of 4.41G. Last year the total en-j
jrollment was 3.G84.
Miss Esther Friedell arrived Mon-,
'day from 1 rooklyn, N. Y., where she)
, has been tonnected with the children's !
HHrtru Qho la A crrnfltlflfp Of the
Centra! Theater
TOMORROW MONDAY
THE METRO SIX-ACT WONDERPLAY
WITH
Edith Storey
AND WHEELER OAKMAN
"THE
(Story from the famous stage play of same name by
Chas. Kenyon and Frank Dare)
A THRILLING QUICK ACTION PLAY OF THE
MINING CAMPS OF THE WEST
It's a Western
. AND A REAL ONE
Because It's a METRO
CLAIM"
IW153I
FOR RENT Furnished room, gentle
man preferred. Wm. Buckett. Phone
Green 573. 771
LOST A tan raincoat at depot, Fri
day evening. Return to Review of
fice or O. D. Rrown. Phone 165. Re
ward. 77.1
FOR RENT Two housekeeping
rooms, furnished. 10 Quality hill.
771
FOR RENT Two housekeeping
rooms, one single sleeping room.
Casson house, 35 School hill. 70
WANTED Two or three furnished
apartments. No children. Phone
Blac k 587. 769
LOST 34x4caseing and rim. Return
to Review office and receive reward.
753
first class restaurant to be known
the English Kitchen Annex. For th
present it will l op-n daily from tl
a .m. to 2:30 p. m. ami trom 5 to v.T
p. in. Your patronage is soli. itcd
613 WM. TiUWX.
Painter and Paper Harping
C. J. BRANDT
Box 150
Thone 4".
ROCKHILL'S STAGE
Blsbee-Tombstone. Leaves B1sbe
Bisbee Auto Co., 7 . ra.. 1:30 p. m. ?
Phon Bisbee S.
kJOC 1.1 M i , - -- - ' 11 ' j
rary school or the University or Wis- LOST In Naco. Arizona, or Bisbee,
! consin. and has had several years' e- j Saturday p. ni.. railroad ticket San j
Business Locals
L. U Oilman sells tha New Ki
"the phonograph Ith a soul."
Adv.
il;on.
Derlence. both a a teacher and a lib
rarian In a children's library. S'ie will '
lake charge or the library work in the
Bisbee public schools. j
The Fair Store has issued one-cent j
stamps to all the teachers of the dis-1
Or. Playtalr, Osteopath. 9S Mason
n rhWci. Vulnnh onlv i Hill. 11MOD car Slop. moMDirenv
to Miss ('.race M. Stevens, whsoe
name Is written thereon. If found in
Bisbee return to orfice Copper
queen hotel and receive reward. If
in Naco, care postmaster. 772
Adv. 231
NOTICE
I have purchased the Merchants
Lunch and have opened the same as lon ft) cent.
MATERNITY HOME.
Call Rlu'-t; 6T3 for terms,. to.
A'lvrtlerrer.t 97
DANCE.
C A A. Band Dance. Warren Park.
Wednesday and Saturday. Adntniln
Ladle free. Adv 741) X7
i SOCIETY
MINING
SECTION
SECTION
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
MINES. MINING, LOCAL S TOCKS AND COPPER
THE BIS BEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JULY 7, 1918.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
VOL. 21, NO. 24.
00jl MOT
m
mm
.4
7 1
Arizona Copper Miners
Score Splendid Record
In Red Metal Output
Despite Decrease in Output of Small Properties Owing to the
Failure of Industries Board to Recommend Higher Price in
une, Great Record is Shown by Reports From Smelters of
State- Local Output is Curtailed by Development Work
Arizona copper miners scored another great record in their June output
of the red metal. Approximate fipures gathered from the various producers
show the month's total to have reached 74.08S.023 pounds, as Compared with
approximate production of 77.07:5.507 pounds in May.
Some decrease in the output of fiinail mines of custom ore to the smelters,
due to the advance in freight rates and the discouragement which attended
failure of the Industries Board to recommend a higher metal price early in
June lowered the output of practically all or the smelters to some extent.
The bis mines held to tlu?ir swing cf the previous month and under the
pressure.of the need of the government for every pound of copper that can
be made they and their men made up for a considerable part of the loss
from the small shippers, despite the exceptional heat wave prevalent un
brokenly during three weeks of the month and which had attendance of a
rising percentage of temporary lay-ofrs until the men became accustomed
to the change to summer weather. The approximate June output of copper
made by the various producing companies in the state, follows:
June May
Arizona Copper Company ..'3.700.000 4.130.000
Phelps-Dodze Corporation (Douglas) 15.500.000 16.000.000
Shannon Ccppor Company - 672.000 802.000
Arizona Commercial Mining Company - 500,000
Iron Cap Copper Company - -. - 850.000 500.000
United Verde Copper Company 6.220.000 6.575.000
The Old Dominion Copper Company - 3,400.000 3.000,000
Consolidated Arizona Smelting Company 1,750,000 2.000,000
American Smelting & Refining" Company
((Arizona ores Sasco and El Paso) 2,10rtt00 2.800,000
Miami Copper Company 4.685.000 5.100.000
Phelps-Dodge Corporation (Morenci) 1,494.000 1,607.000
New Cornelia Copper Company ... 4,200,763 4,404,000
Inspiration Copper Company : 10,503.260 10.650.000
Magma Copper Company - 900.000 900.00
Ray Consolidated Copper Company 8,100.000 8,100,000
United Verde Extension Copper Company . 3,000.000 4,100,000
Shattuck-Arizona Copper Company 815.000 841.000
Denn-Arizona Copper Company 345.000 264.000
Calumet & Arizona Mining Company 4.250.000 4.800.000
Miscellaneous Custom Ore . - 400.000 500,000
Tolals 74.0S5.023 77.073,507
(Continued on Page Two)
THE DOCTOR DOUGLAS OF EARLY
DAYS DESCRIBED BY HIS FRIEND,
JOHN S. WILLIAMS OF B1SBEE
By W. T. Owen i
James Douglas, eminent scientist,
authority in metallurgy and one of the
men of America most noted for phil
anthropy, who died late last month in
New York, was the name James Doug
las who, when more youthful and vig
orous, aided so largely in the upbuild
ing of Arizona. The story of his later
success is known to the world. His
early struggles to bring order out of
chaos, here in the Warren District,
his herculean efforts to advance the
welfare of the community, largely de
pendent upon him. and properly to
represent the men who had tructed
in his integrity and judgement all
these things are best told by one who
knew him intimately in the early days,
John S. Williams, a pioneer of Arizona
and of Bisbee.
"I first met Dr. Douglas, though we
all called him 'professor' in those days,
in Lordsburg, N. M., in the spring of
18S2. . He was on his way from the
Copper Basin country to Clifton, where
his people afterward bought ground.
I never will forjt our meeting because
of a funny incident. Dr. Douglas had
Jual trniii'K V J'""""""!
Th f ,, -rL o Z ,i
broken down prospector sitting at the
table. When he got up he rammed his
hand down in his pocket and handed
the woman a dollar, remarking: "I'll
pay for the old fellow's dinner.' at the
same time indicating Dr. Douglas. Af
ter he had gone out the doctor laughed
"Isn't that the west all over?" he said
"I'll gamble with you that dollar was
the last cent that old chap had. Well.
I'll make It up to him later. I've got
several men prospecting for me out in
the hills and a job may look good to
liim."
"The doctor didn't look as prosper
ous a3 might have been, which was the
thing that made the incident funny.
He had been out in the hills for sever
al weeks and his face was covered
with whiokirs. His shirt was split
down the back and his back was tan
ned where the sun had struck it,
through that slit. He was with big
people and doubtless was getting a big
salary, but he was careless about his
dress. He used, to drive around be
hind a couple of wild mustang ponies
In a buckboard.
"I next met the doctor in Tomb
stone in the fall of the same year. He
was then on his way to Bisbee to look
over the Atlanta mine. He made tile
examination and bought it from the
locators, George Adkins and George
Kddleman. Almost at once he started
a tunnel directly over tho present Czar
shaft into the hill, but found no ore,
though it was run In about 300 feet. J
Then he sunk a shaft at the mouth of ;
the tunnel. Just about the time he was
starting this work he asked me to get
him a good man to take charge. We
met on that occasion in Dr. Rickett's
assay office. I recommended a man
by the name of George Prout and Dr.
Douglas hired him.
"A little later the doctor sent to me
and asked me to get him a second
hand whim. I did so. As the shaft
went down on the Atlanta I helped
sink it, being hired with my two-horse
team to work the whim. I remember
one day Prout was kicking to Profes
sor Douglas about continuing the work
on the shaft. He said he thought It
was sending good money after bad.
" 'Never you mind Prout. Just keep
on working like I tell you. That moun
tain is just solid ore whenever we can
get down into it.' said the doctor.
"When the shaft had gone down
about 200 feet it ran into a mighty
rich body of ore. Then Dr. Douglas
discovered that while it was on the
Atlanta ground, the Copper Queen peo-
pie had opened it up and this ore was
i' - hat they were running their smelter
i on. He went to the Copper yueen
people and said to them: 'Now, gen
tlemen, here is the situation we face.
You have a smelter and we have the
ore. It's either a law suit or a con
solidation; which do you choose?"
They consolidated and from that time
on the city of Bisbee began to Improve.
The new company moved the old 30-ton
furnace from the present Phelps
Dodge store site to a site near the
Czar shaft. Three larger furnaces of
a special type designed by Dr. Douglas
were built. Two years later the doc
tor put in a converter and roasting fur
nace of his cwn design. Shortly after
ward the company bought Mrs.
Crosse's store and put in its own store,
which was the beginning of the Phelps
Dodge Mercantile company. The first
railroad was built out of here to Fair
banks about 1888.
"The doctor always was liberal to
ward the public. He was constantly
donating to this school or that church
and up to the time I mentioned there
was not a school in the district that
had not been built with company mon
ey, and the churches were largely
built with his aid. I know I am speak
ing the truth because I was working
for the company and helped put up
most of them."
Mr. Williams also told an incident
illustrating the spirit of license per-
(Contlnm-d on Page Two)
RELIEF ASKED
FOR NINE
OPENERS
McGrath Suggests Means for
Making Easier the Part
Played by Those Pioneering
New Territory for Mineral
To encourage the development ot
new mining properties during the wai
period instead of maintaining a heavy
handicap on such work. Is Uie object
of suggestions which have been made,
to the Amerir.au Mining Congress by
T. O. McGrath. He proposes that in
promised revision of federal tax pro
visions it be provided that new mines
shall not be burdened with the taxes
imposed upon producers until the new
properties shall have reached perma
nent ore development and output es
tablishing their commercial value.
Unless this is done, McGrath points
out, the investment cannot be secured
that is necessary to the opening of
new properties. The latter must be
had in order that the industry can
offset the inroads being made upon
established mines under war emergen
cies pressure. Unless such offset can
be brought about, the nation will not
be In position at the end of the war
to seize the trade opportunities it must
avail itself of in greater -measure lhan
ever before in order to employ the
men coming back, from Europe and
those remaining at home In the supply
service of the country.
Mr. McGrath, auditor of the Shattuck-Arizona
Copper Co., has given a
great deal of study to the federal t.ix
laws and has advanced a number of
papers on the subject which have re
ceived wide recognition because of the
thoroughness and exceptional infor
mation with which the author deals
with his subject. His efforts in behalf
of developing properties Is of particu
lar interest at this time to the many
small operators lir the state who are
endeavoring to bring in new properties
as well as to some large Interests j
which have millions tied up in new
properties from which they are yet to I
begin receiving returns. Among these
may be cited Ray Hercules and Denn-1
Arizona. The latter Jias more
J4.000.000 invested upon w
v . . . . . . j .
vestors have had not even interest dur-
ing the period of more than 13 years
the property has been under develop- j
ment It is now beginning to make
paying shipments but is still to attain
the class of a proven mine of large
value. McGrath's letter o the Ameri
can Mining Congress follows:
Suggestions to be covered by the
proposed new tax law which I think
would be equitahle to the mining in
dustry are as follows:
"1. (a) (The Proposition) That net
returns from mines shall not be con
sidered income subject to insome tax
until the total earnings plus the total
net value of ore in sight shall be equal
to or greater than the investment in
property and equipment of property,
plus C,' interest figured annually on
the investment.
"(b) (The Procedure) At the ena
of any year when the net value of the
ore reserves pins the net earnings to
date shall be equal o or greater than
the total investment In property and
equipment plus 6', interest thereon.
then there shall be submitted to the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue a,
statement showing the total invest-1
ment in property and equipment, the '
total tonnage mined and developed,
the total net value of the developed
ore. and the total net earnings, or in-
Contlnued on Page Two)
,
Labor Performs Great Feat for U. S.
The newspapers are interesting read
lng these days, and particularly so to
an engineer, for they bring to his at
tention prospective plans, the working
out of large organizations, and the ac
complishment of construction work in
unprecedented time, gays the Engineer
ing and Mining Journal. The building
of ships, a structural engineering job,
commands first attention. On April
21 there was puhlished the record of
the Skinner & Kddy Corporation, of
Seattle. That firm built an SSOO-ton
Steel ship in 05 working days from the
date of the keel laying. On the same
date, at the Iethlehem Shipbuilding
Corporation, the erection of the steel
framework of five destroyers was re
ported as having been accomplished in
50 minutes after the laying of the keels
The freighter "Tu.-kahoe" was launch
I ed in 27 clays from the time the keel
jwas laid. The events in the progress
I of this rapid construction were given
by the New York Times as follows:
Keel laid April 8.
Four days later double hot tern was
completed.
Six days later frames and bulk
beads were erected and portion of shell
plating finished.
A KILLING BLOW
(From Mining & Scientific Press)
"Work or fight" was the decree
that dispelled the blissful dreams
of ihnt class of 'tramp' labor from
whirh the ranks of the I. W. W.
mostlv have leen recruited. The
? great mass of American labor has
nothing in common with those pa-
riahs of the industrial world. Now
l another blow has been struck at
the same shiftless sowern or tlis
sention. The 'tramp worker Is on
ly a degree above the hobo; they
are varieties of the same species,
and are for sale to any dealer In
Iniiuity. Thus, the revelations at
Chicago have shown how the 1. W.
W. were used as an instrument of
the most corrupt propaganda ever
kown to man the propaganda of
German kultur. The 'tramp' dis
guised as a workman has worn the
'grouch' as his most conspicuous
garment; he has disturbed the
peace of honst men who labor with
their hands to provide homes and
loving care for wives and children.
It is he, more than any other, who
has fought against dhe right of em
ployers to dischargi men from ser-
vice except under iiirrow rules es-
tahlished by the labir unions, while
S at the same time in isting upon the
i privilege of asking for his 'time'
whenever it might 'suit his whim,
regardless of the gap his sudden
departure might create in the ranks
of the miners, tiie millmen. or the
factory hands. The president has
now created a war-labor board, and
after August 1 the employment and
distribution of certain classes of
workmen will come under federal
direction.
OF TODAY GIVE
Drying Racks for Clothing
Supercede Old Type of
Stuffy Lockers; New House
Completed at Czar Shaft
Where are the change houses of yes-
CHANGE
HOUSES
COMFORT TO MEN
more than terday easuy "spotted" by visitors be
rhich the in- .. ..
(cause or the unpleasant aroma ui -.
11U
! clothing, sweaty human bodies and the
smells arising from too long occupan
cy of lockers by the working clothes
of the men who labor In the bowels of
the earth?
They are gone from the Warren dis
trict, or departing so rapidly )ne
would be justified in saying they al
ready had gone. In their place a new
type, equipped with.- modern drying
racks, concrete floors which can be
"hosed out" instead of swept, merely,
are rising.
The latest addition to the modern
type change houses of the district has
just beer completed by the P. D. com
pany at the Czar shaft. While others
of more expensive construction may
be built later. It would be hard to put
up a change house embodying to a
larger extent ideas for sanitation and
personal cleanliness, than does this
one. (
The new change house Is built of
corrugated iron, with a concrete floor.
Around the walls are built small
lockers with shelves on which shoes
or other small artic4?s can be placed,
Attached to the ceiling are sets of pul
leys, each with ropes leading into the
various lockers. A man going into
tiie change house to go on shift takes
off his street clothes, places them on
Continued on Page Two)
On seventh day stern frame was'ln
place.
On 14th day boilers were put on
board.
On 21st day stern post was bored and
stern tube put In place.
On 22nd day masts were stepped and
engine installation was begun.
On 24th day funnel was put in place.
On 2fith day machinery was all in
and engine completely installed.
From the 2fith day to launch, the
time was occupied in putting on fin
ishing touches.
We are reminded by these feats of
labor of some of the accounts given
by Klliot Lord in his fascinating his
tory of "Comstock Mining and Miners."
We take some of the stories from his
account as worthy of the attention of
our readers:
October 2fi. 1S7."i, a coal-oil lamp was
uuset in a little lodging house in Vir
ginia City, and flames filled the house
in a moment. Fanned by the wind,
the flames leaped from roof to roof,
until the whole quarter was on fire
and the imminent peril of the city was
seen. Hells rang out the alarm, with
their sharp, startling clangor, and
steam whistles blew ear piercing
on nni
mrrn to
'1LI11U IU
Fill
WASTE
FOR MANY FILLS
Great Mountain Will Be Dis
tributed Well Over District
as It Is Removed by Steam
Shovel Operations
When a mountain Is being blasted
and dug out ot existence for the sake
of the copper it contains, it is certain
to produce a vast amount cf waste
material. Where, asks the average
liisbee man, is the monstrous tonnage
of waste from Sacramento hill, which
Is being relieved of overburden by the
Phelps Dodge Fompany, as a prelimin
ary to steam shovel operations, to be
dumped?
Tho nnswpr was not hard to find.
The disposition of waste from the hill
already has begun to ne a promem anu
the company has set to work to find
a solution. It has built switch-backs
allowing waste to be dumped near the
Sprav Shaft. When that depression
has been filled, a switch-back from a
point near the Shattuck landing will
be installed. This will allow addition
al waste to, be dumped on top of the
other which already had been piled in
to the valley near the Spray, or "add
an upper layer."
When the thousands of tons of waste
necessary to accomplish this fill have
been thrown in anil it becomes physi
cally impossible to place more of it
around the Spray, still another switch
back will be laid, allowing trains to
go to a small basin above the Hoatson
shaft. This aa': will require a lot of
material to fill in.
More railway trackage then must be
laid to get another switch back over
the saddle toward the Dallas property
of the P. D. company, a prospecting
shaft, not now in operation.
With the latter fill, all of the waste
from above the level of the old ma
chine shop will have been disposed
of. according to the calculation of the
engineers. However, quite a good deal
will remain below that point to be got
ten rid of.
Just where this waste will be dump
ed has not been decided, though sev
eral plans are under cpntemplation.
One would call for the installation of
a Jre.stle from Sacramento hill, across
Naco read and into Copper King can
yon, just west of the old Copper King
shaft. Another plan tentatively pre
sented by the engineers would be to
make a vast fill near the residence of
Walter Douglas at Warren. Still an
other calls for a dump below the com
pany mill- site.
There will be plenty of time to de
cide, however, as the top layer of the
hill is proving stubborn and the ma-tor-inl
la harder than ordinarily Is at
tempted to be removed by steam shov-.
els. This means, or course, mat giant
loads of powder must be employed to
tironlr im th cunning.
It is the company's expectation that
within six weeks the top will have
been removed and work then will be
able to proceed more rapidly in the
softer material.
The overburden thus far removed
has not been mineralized to any great
extent. Some stringers of one which
had not been expected have been
found, but not in any considerable
quantity.
It will be several weeks, at the least
calculation, before sufficient quanti
ties of the upoer ledge have been re
moved to allow of removal of rock suf
ficiently -mineralized to run through
the company mill, to add Its quota of
copper to the metal being sent con
stantly to aid Uncle Sam in fighting
his war for democracy and civilization.
blasts, sounding above tne crackling of
the flames, the shouts of the firemen,
the cries of escaping women and chil
dren, and the rattling of engines and
cartwheels.
Thus the great fire of Virginia City
started, entailing a loss of $10,000,000
and 2000 buildings and many mining
plants.
On the morning after the fire, the
smoking limbers and debris were
cooled by buckets of water and
streams from the hydrants in hun
dreds of places, and the lumber which
came in by rail was placed on the
reeking ground. The work of building
went on continuously all day long and
far Into the night, in the midst of
storms as well as In fair weather. A
tornado blew down a large part of the
newly erected houses during the week
after the fire, but the wrecks were
cleared away as soon as fie storm
ceased, and building was resumed.
Sixty days after the fire, the principal
streets running through the burned
districts were lined with business
hiuses. the majority of which were
better built than those destroyed, and
(Continued on Page Two)
SI!
Anaconda Man Tells
Much of Interest in
Metal Mining Field
Tells Big Things Miners Can Do if Let Alone to Help, the
Nation in its Present Hour of Trial; Why Federal Regula
tion Retards Endeavor; Plenty of Metal and Acids for Nat-
ional Use Obtainable, Says Cornelius F. Kelly
Declaring his faith that the American miner will, under free conditions,
overcome any shortage there may be in war metals, and asserting that if
given opportunity the smelters of the country will save all and more than
enough sulphuric acid and arsenic to serve every need of the nation. Cor
nelius F. Kelly, vice-president of the Anaconda Copper Co., recently addressed
the Senate Committee on Mines and Mining in opposition to the War Minerals
bill in a manner setting forth most illuminatingly a number of facts of Inter
est to every mining community. Mr. Kelly's remarks likewise conveyed a
great deal of general information that the public at large should benefit from
having befcre it, inasmuch as, facts are set forth In an understandable way
for the layman that demonstrates the fallacy of doctrines that have been
preached by those who have made It a business to raise opposition to the
mining industry.
"I believe," said Mr. Kelley, "it is sound business, it is good economics,
it Is safe governmental policy, to permit, as far as possible, the industries of
the United States, by the natural inherent development and enterprise of the
American people to meet the situation, and I think you will do it a great deal
more satisfactorily and a great deal more rapidly than If you attempt to
violate every natural law that enters into the production, growth and devel
opment of industry.
"So far as any personal interests I may have are concerned, they would
be greatly augmented, and the interests of the corporations that I represent
would be augmented by the passage of the bill. I am opposing It absolutely
upon the basis that I do net think it is sound business; I do not think it Is
sound economics.
"As the bill stands, there is not a single copper smelter or lead smelter
in the United States that would not be guilty of violating this law every time
it operated. For Instance. In the plant at Anaconda there are thousands of
tons of sulphur being emitted daily as waste gases. There are tons cf arsenic
emitted, and large quantities of antimony and other substances. D you
mean to tell me that It Is going to stimulate production of metals to make
it a felony tor you to engage In a business where. Irrespective of economic or
market conditions, you are obliged to operate at what may be laid down in a
regulation as 100 per cent efficiency? Would you. as business men. consider
going into a business that was filled with as many pitfalls for the unwary
as the present act?
"I say. gentlemen, without Uie slightest equivocation, as a matter of
business Judgment, that I do not believe you could get men to invest a dollar
and take the hazard of committing a violation of the obligations of the bill
as it is drafted.
"The minimum price is going to be the price some day at which the minerals
should sell, regulated by supply aiid demand. The maximum price is purely
a theoretical proposition for tiie reason that it cannot be a scientific price
When you fix a maximum price, unless you fix every factor of cost that goes
into the production, and the ather elements of expense in order to maintain
a fixed margin of profit, you disturb the mathematical equation. You have
supply and you have demand and they are related, one to the other, and they
fix by the "third factor the price, and this third factor is variable. The
moment you take one factor and make it constant, leaving the other two
factors variable, you have got that situation that can only maintain as long
as the maximum price is so far In advance of the cost of production that it
does not crowd to the point of diminishing a reasonable profit. That means
that in nine cases out of ten the maximum price is already high and is never
reached. We have had maximum prices for lead and zinc established by the
War Industries l oard. They are paper prices, and they do not apply to the
business.
"With copper It Is not a maximum price; It is a fixed price at 23U cents.
That fixed price can be maintained at 23 cents as long as there is a deficit
in production.
"The capacity for making sulphuric acid is unlimited, practically. In thW
country. There is practically an unlimited amount of gas that 13 now being
wasted and going out in the air.
"There is no difficulty about the operation of an acid plant; there Is no
difficulty about manufacturing and laying the acid down at the plant- The
utilization of the acid, however, requires transportation for long distan'es.
We had the matter up in connection wlrt the Bureau of Mines and the War
Industries Board and the Bureau of Ordnance. For some reason or other
the proposition was turned down, I am advised, and I think it was because
of the transportation factor. It was purely a tank car proposition, as I
understood It. I suggest this alternative to the situation. You- need the
munitions factories in the East. The proposition of building munition fac
tories in the West, on account of the labor supply and one thing and another,
was not attractive. If we could bring about a condition, by regulation of the
industry, or otherwise, whereby the sulphuric acid that is now used in the
fertilizer business in the Fast could be released for munition purposes in the
East and you know we have within forty miles of this place a great phos
phate deposit, and within 200 miles the greatest phospate deposit in the
United States and we could establish that fertilizer business out there, the
whole situation would be solved. The fertilizer would require the legislation
that Senator Walsh referred to for opening up the phosphate lands in the
west. -I must confess that the tank tar situation, whila it was a very grave
one. did not appeal to me as an insuperable obstacle. However. I do not want
to go into it that far. because of certain confidential communications. The
demand for sulphuric is. and is going to be. a very serious one. A thousand
tons could be handled in 20 tank cars a day. I believe the tank cars can
be gotten. If not. they can be built. They can be run from the West througa
In train loads, and I do not think it would take over six or eight hundred
cars to handle that whole western acid situation. I think that could be done.
"I want to develop the arsenic situation, because it was commented upon
by Mr. Hoover, for whom I have a profound regard and the very sin-'erest
respect. Prior to the war we were producing a comparatively large quantity
of arsenic. We had been producing it for sixteen years or thereabouts. After
several years of the closest cooperation with the Bureau of Mines we en
tered upon a plan of spending approximately a million dollars and a quarter
in the contsruction of a new stack and new flues, and putting in Cottrell
treaters. That work is proceeding just as fast as it can be done. Now. we
will have a supply of arsenic sufficient, according to the figures, to take care
of the United States, and If we do not sell It, we will have to dig holes in the
ground and bury it and cover it up, and we intend to do it.
"A complaint was made because arsenic increased in price from 15 to "
cents a pound. It was cited as a profound case of profiteering before a
House committee. The fact of the matter is that for sixteen years we never
made a dollar on arsenic, and we never sold a pound that we did not sell it at
a loss, until a temporary increase in price came in the last year or two. I do
not know hew much was sold at 20 cents. We did not get any but a very
small amount. The price cuts no figure, because this arsenic has to be
taken out cf the fumes. You have to dig a bole and cover It up if you
cannot sell It. So it Is perfectly silly to talk about spending money to stim
ulate the production of arsenic. We will give it away.
"The increase In manganese has been enormous, and It is going to
Increase to the limit of potential output.
"Mr Hewett who has such a splendid knowledge of this, says that he
does not' think that the United States will ever become wholly independent
of imports, because of the very large demand. 1 do not know. I do know
that his figures are conservative, because I think Montana will, in 1318. ship
over 200.000 tons of manganese ore of a grade from 35 to 40 per cent, I know
that the Anaconda Copper Mining Company is shipping now about 250 tons
dailv. and we expect bv August to raise that production up to between 4 and
5 hundred tons, and that is a very large proportion of the entire amount ot
production up to last year.
"I cannot conceive of anything In this bill that will help the situation
greatly. You might get a few scattered deposits somewhere, but if there is
(Continued on Pairs Two)
r
4 TWO
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JULY 7, 1918.
ARIZONA COPPER
GOOD RECORD
'Continued from Pace One)
The Higher Metal Price
The advanced price announced for
metal until August 15 will have effect.
It is indicated, of enabling some re
sumption of operations among the
small properties thus far forced to
close down, but inasmuch as the period
covered by the new price extends over
so short a time, less than a month and
a half from the date of announcement
It is not reasonable to expect that
there will be important sain.
Take it From Big Mines
Among the large operators, the only
increase in output tbey can make is on
a metal price that will enable them to
ro into their low grade ore bodies
With their men, they are doing now all
that is humanly possible, restricted as
they are to the higher grades of their
ore. To open up into the lower grades
is a big and expensive task at all
times, and under present conditions of
high costs would be doubly expensive
Unless a long period of higher price
metal is guaranteed, it will be impos
sible for them to undertake to get into
these lower grade bodies. The 28c
figure "will not permit them to do it.
as the increase will all be taken up in
higher wages and increased freight
charges, the latter amounting to as
much as 100 . Blister copper charge
from Arizona to New York, with this
copper now being made at the rate of
nearly a billion pounds a year, was
formerly $3.05. Under the new rate
' it is $16.00.
Refiners May Take It All
These are some of the factors In the
situation. There is -another, bigger
than those mentioned. It is the, in
creased charge proposed by eastern
refineries, who assert that they have
been running at a severe loss and
whose representations in this regard
appear to have -provided the real ar
gument under which the War Indus
tries Board recommended the advance
in metal price. All Arizona copper
' goes to these refineries for final treat
ment. The small producer's metal
goes along with that of the western
smelter handling his ore. The smelter
has in the past included the freight
charge to the easi and the electrolytic
treatment charge in the smelting
charge it has made to the ore shipper.
The latter has had freight and electro
lytic treatment at cost under the con
tract of the large producers with the
eastern refineries. Of course the small
producer could have obtained no such
low figure as he has enjoyed for re
fining if he had gone direct to the re
finery with his small lots of bullion,
nor shipping the bullion on bis own
account he could not have obtained
the trainload freight, rate of which he
has had the benefit. '
All a Guess Right Now
Until it is determined how much of
the Increase in copper price the refin
eries are going to take under the ad
vance the government has allowed, it
is guess work at best and of littler avail
to try to figure just what Jhe higher
metal price is going to mean to the
copper producer in Arizona. On the
face it looks like 2V6 cents. Eastern
reports, however, vary as to what the
refineries expect to take, all the way
from one cent to the full 2&. The
producers, large and small, are pro
testing, demanding that the contracts
extant with the refineries be lived up
to. but the best they hope for is a com
promise. In Arizona some of the small
. er producers have already given it to
be understood that they will accede to
an advance. The producers referred
to are making around a million lbs.
of copper the month each. Below them
in site scale are more than one hun
dred with production running from a
few thousand pounds the mcnth to
200.000 and upward who will have to
accpet whatever figure the larger con
cerns may agree to.
As to Wage Increase
On top of the increase in refinery
charge is the increase in freight rate,
and on top of that is the increase n
wages which the producers desire to
make and with the men, have been
fighting for during the last year, and
during the last three months with the
conviction that advances in all coats
of living make it necessary that the
workmen have more profit on his lab
or than ho is now earning if he is to
be asked to remain in Arizona and help
with output of the war metal, instead
of going to government contracts on
the outside at higher , wages. Under
any ordinary conditions the 2 cent
advance in ' metal price would mean
without question the general advance
cf wages under the rate of advance
provided by the profit-sharing wage
schedule which was in full effect be
fore government regulation of price,
beginning a year ago. At that time,
however, upon the urgency of the op
erators, the government left wages at
the 26 cent rate when it reduced the
metal to Raise now would mean
that wages would be paid on the basis
of cent copper under the profit
haring flan. It is true that many of
the copper producers could pay this
rate of wages, provided the refiners do
not reach too high with their advance,
but it is also true that the far greater
number of all engaged in Arizona cop
per production could not pay it with
out further help being provided in
scmo way. For part to raise wages
and part not to could enly mean de
moralization of working forces and a
severe curtailment of metal output
Employers and employes are now busy
trying to work out a solution of tie
situation and if left alone a while will
dcubtless succeed.
The Labor Situation
It is true that at this time the labor
Miuation has itrown into shape under
the better understanding and larger
cooperat'on that has developed in the
last year bet wren employer and em
ploye as they have rubbed shoulders
in Liberty Lean. Red Cross and other
campaigns having foundation upon
loyalty to the nation, that e:iabis con
fidence such as never before existed
iu trie state that employer and employ
ee will iind a way out of difficulties
MINERS SCORE
III METAL OUTPUT
that may arise. They have given much
proof of this in the last six months of
high metal production in the face of a
valiety of discouragements. Wnert
ever outside Interference has been
tabooed in the state, efficiency and
confidence ere higher and stronger in
the mines, mills and smelters than ev
er before. For full proof of which the
production figures of the last three
months provide indisputable evidence.
Local Output Curtailed
Production in the Warren district
fR a 11 1 r In hphtnd in June. The Verde
and Clifton-Morenci districts were also
below the record made in May. Much
the same reasons prevailed in all of
thn (Harriets Thes were the carrying
ahead of more development, necessi
tated by Inroads upon reserves in tne
previous two high pressure months,
and the opening of the summer season
with exceptional heat, the latter caus
ing material Increase in temporary
lay-offs among working forces. Old
Dominion and Iron Cap in the Globe
district were exceptions, exceeding
May output.
Making New Mine
Denn Arizona showed In the Warren
district column with substantial Tn
rrcatlnvsr its nrndnctlon in Mav. This
ore is coming from the 1400 and 1500
levels and is mainly won from pursuit
of the development campaign the mine
Is under. On the 1600 level mere nas
been found what gives promise of
making a considerable body of com
narativelv medium erade ore. averag
ing between 6 and 6'c and correspond
ing with Junction sulphides in appear
ance and manner of occurrence. This
ore was entered soon after the drift
left the 1600 station and has no( been
exnlored far enough to provide a line
on its probable extent.
Rich Ore Expected
The development Is yet to reach a
nnlnt uhr-rn thpv are like! to Dick UP
the rich ore opened on the 1400 and
1500 levels. They are going out tnai
way with satisfactory conditions thus
foi attendant Th water is being
handled readily with the equipment
now installed and unless there should
ho mi unexpected and material in
crease of water there will be no inter
ference with progress from this cause.
Whether the real ore body Denn is ex
pected to develop, and for which the
upper levels show the way, will be ma-,-ai
WoH m thtk IfiOO remains of
course to be determined. There has
been much confidence that the, level
vtu mnn than nrovo 11 n the best that
has been anticipated, but .at the same
timo tt will not be cause for discour
agement if it shall be) fcund necessary
to go still deeper to reach the ultimate
determination which It sought.
New Mill to Start
. The Shattuck Arizona mill for the
k.nHiinr nf thp low erade lead-silver
ores of the Shattuck mine, exceeding
a mininn tnni a thim far demonstrat
ed, is expected o be in operation this
week. All equipment is in and it mere
ly remains to turn on the power. Thi
particular merely, however, is a bit
nvaralxA Arraneements for Dower
have heen broken into by a crippled
Independent plant, which is being de
layed in securing additional equipment
it reouires. Arrangements of tempor
ary character have been made, how
ever, with C & A. and it is expected
that power that company is able to
spare will be turned over to the mill
in a few days.
More Lead; Less Copper
Tt itt nrohabln that for a-time the
operation of the mill will have eifect
cf curtaining Shattuck copper produc
tion rather than increasing lt The
lonrl niitnnt nf Shattuck. however. Villi
jump up smartly. Meantime the cop
per output or Denn is growing ana
nrnmUpi tn nffaot thp decrease in the
total copper output of the district that
Shattuck's change would otherwise
bring. Last month s comDinoa copper
from Shattuck and Denn made a total
of more than 1,100,000 pounds. Shat-
tucK nas dui a single snail ana u u
hoists enough of its lead-silver ore to
boon thA mill enintr will have tn Cut
down some on its copper ore output.
rue latter course, nowever, m ena
ble more exploration and development
in the eonner ere area of the property
of which there is need.
Mill Construction
Chotfuflr'a mill Tnfl a ffttit mnrp than
$300,000. A test plant trial of the pro
cess the mill will cary out was suc
cessful and it is expected that the new
structure will turn over ana go aiieau
with its work with even better results
than the preliminary tests indicated as
nrnhahlfl Thia remains tn he seen.
however, and the first month of oper
ation win oe waienea wuu mucn impr
est. Capacity will call for 400 tons of
ore the day.
Cochise Shaft
Tim rnrliisio shuft In nnw hplnw the
1400 level and making rapidly to the
1500. It is as yet clear of ore and
thus far has been through rock of very
desirable character for working shaft
nnrnnflpft Water tn eYtent mifficlent
to supply the new Copper Queen con
centrator nas not been round dui u is
not despaired of. It is thought proba
ble, however, that they will have to go
oetow tnc xouu io get it. I ne worK in
the shaft is being done in a way that
will allow of extensive operations from
!ts levels whenever it may be under
'aken. RELIEF IS ASKED
FOR MINE OPENERS
(Continued from Page Ope)
come, not 'ncluding any depletion
charge against earnings. According
to this statement shall be determined
the amount nf depletion charge against
the earnings in the past years and
what amount of inccnie, if any, which
shall I e taxed. ,
"(c) ( IK-Iinition of Property Invcst
jiuent) The. investment in milling
I property i-'iall be tiie original purchase
i price plus all the operating aud admin
istrative expense up to the beginning
of initial continuous prodnction.
"2. That there shall be determined
a definite method of obtaining the net
value of ores In place for any specified
date.
"3. That, in case of an excess prof
Its tax on all earnings above a certain
percent of the original capital invested
that mines and oil wells, and all in
dustries whose production operations
are of an exhausting nature, shall be
allowed a double exemption over other
industries."
What It Would Accomplish
If the proposed new tax legislation
of the Treasury Department rulings
could be made to cover the points
brought out in suggestion No. 1. it
would settle the matters of income
taxes and depletion charges for pros
pect mines, and for mines whose total
net production returns upon exhaus
tion will be less than the investment
in property and equipment. Also it
would settle the matter of what Is
Mining Property Investment, which is
indefinitely defined in the present tax
laws and Treasury Department rulings
and the settling of which would be
very much to the interests of all
mines.
The points covered by suggestions
No. 2 and 3 are matters that are of
vital importance in determining in
come taxes for mines, especially to
the large and progressive mining com
panies who intend in the future to ac
quire and develop new properties, and
are points that no doubt will be well
presented.
However, as far as known, sugges
tion No. 1 is the only one that has been
made up to date for the protection
against unfair taxation of returns from
prospect mines, and mines whose as
sured returns from ores developed be
fore exhaustion are insufficient to off
set the original capital invested. Such
mines are the ones that need protec
tion against Income and Excess Profit
Taxes, otherwise ready capital for de
velopment of prospects will not be obtainable.
LABOR PERFORMS
GREAT FEAT FOR
UNITED STATES
(Continued from Page One)
habitable dwellings covered the inter
vening blocks.
From the official report cf S. T. Cur1
tis, superintendent of the Orphir Min
ing Company: i
On the day after the fire, competent
men were dispatched to the lumber
yards at Corson and Dutch Flat, Cal.,
to procure and ship timbers; machin
ery was telegraphed for; the new double-reel
hoisting-engine and cables just
completed for the combination shaft
of the Chollar-Pctosi, Hale and Nor
cross, and Savage were secured,; and,
through the heaviest storms which Vir
ginia had seen for years, the old en
gine foundations were torn out and
new ones to suit the combination en
gine were constructed; work was pro
secuted without cessation; supplies
were hauled a considerable distance,
on account of the destruction of the
railroad tunnel and bridges; the works
were rebuilt and work through the
shaft was resumed on Nov. 25, being
inside of 30 days from time of destruc
tion. While the reconstruction was
going on, a donkey engine, furnished
through the kindness of the Phil. Sher
idan Mining Co., was put in place, with
which we were enabled to retimber the
shaft where it had been burned to a
depth of 400 ft from the surface, be
sides hoisting considerable water en
tering on the 700-ft. level of the mine.
The buildings rebuilt have been made
much larger and more complete and
more convenient than formerly.
In 50 days the hoisting works of the
Con. Virginia Mining Co. were recon
structed and ere was raised at the
rate of 600 tons daily from the shaft.
In the early days of the Comstock.
there was a breed of men who could
accomplish things on a large Bcale
when the demand was critical. In our
day we are finding out that the same
spirit is alive and with. us. Great
emergencies develop men. The pres
ent day feats of labor are only. the be
ginning cf a period of effort and ac
complishment that will go down in his
tory as the vindication of the Ameri
can will to do well the task that the
war has brought to us.
CHANGE "HOUSES
OF TODAY GIVE
COMFORT TO MEN
(Continued from Pago One)
the hungers and draws them up to the
ceiling, safe from harm, or possibility
of contamination. Another point is
that it makes change house thievery
practically impossible, as a thief first
would have to break open the locker
in order to flower the clothing, work
ing in plain view of the watchman.
Upon coming off shift, fthe men
change from their wet, sweaty clothes,
place these upon the hangers and hoist
them up to the ceiling, where in the
circulation of air they . will dry out
quickly.
The difference between this type of
change house and the old one, in
which clothing was hung up in lock
ers, is the difference between going to
work in dry clothing and clothing
dampened by the sweat of the last
shift, clammy to the body and making
for physical discomfort as well as men
acing the health cf the wearer.
Attached to tl'e building is a bath
hcuse and modern toilet rora.
ANACONDA MAN
GIVES INTERESTING
TALK ON MINING
(Continued from I'neo One)
any manganese ore that is lying around
loose, the Congress does not need to
appropriate ten million to develop It
tiecause i ne money can i Rouen
while c are sitting around the table,
talking about it. If somebody knows
where the deposits are. ! can assure
them of that preposition. !
'There is no priority ho.ird Hint rani
hrim' frpii?lil nver lilies tli:il aro rnn-I
, gested t fso-.v and the ''ighest zero
temperatures. It cannot he done, and i
as far as embargoes and priorities are'
Arizona Making More Copper
Than Total Exported by Nation
Arizona smelters are shipping each
month more than the total of exports
of copper from the United States. They
are not far from producing as much
as represented in the average exports
in the first five months of 1917, which
reached 93,398.000 pounds the month.
Current government figures on ex
ports of copper in May account for
57,780.000 pounds, an increase of 13,
324.li00 over April exports. Arizona's
May output of copper therefore ex
ceeded the total exports for the month
by about 20,000,000 pounds. And the
pride of Arizona's copper miners in
their war work performances promises
to have still Increased justification thp
present month of June, the output for
which in red metal, is Indicated to be
likely to exceed the record figures of
May.
Decrease in copper exports this year
from a total of 467.172,000 pounds in
the first five months of 1918, is indi
cated by eastern advices to be due to
two, causes. The first is represented
in increased production within the
United States of finished war materi
als in which copper plays large part,
these taking the place of finished pro
ducts which were being made by the
Allies in Europe last year from the
raw copper shipped to them. The sec
TO FIGHT
IN BUTTE MINES
BUTTE, Mont., July 6. The Tram
way mine of the. Anaconda Copper
Mining company, one cf the chief pro
ducers of that company, lost two days
during the week because of engine
trouble. This property is producing
700 tons of ore daily, as compared with
about twice that tonnage two years
ago. this curtailment resulting from
the inroads made upon the ore bodies
by the fires in the depths of the Tram
way and the Leonard mines. ,
Up to the present time about the
only means of combating the spread of
the fires was bulkheading, that is, con
creting off -the burning zone and grad
ually narrowing the area until the
fires had reached a stage of exhaus
tion, this method entailing a sacrifice
of considerable stoping area. Prepar
ations have been under way for a num
ber of months looking to fighting this
fire evil by turning a stream of sand
into the smouldering mass of ore. The
sand, which is mixed with water,
serves to clog the fire channels and is
calculated ultimately to smottter the
fires. The opinion is expressed by the
engineers of the Anaconda company
that this method offers the first real
hope of successfully combating the
fire problem. In the event that the
sand system proves successful, the
Anaconda ultimately will be able to
reclaim a large area of ore ground, as
the fires are burning in half a dozen
mines. . '
Piping systems are being laid and
within 60 days it is hoped to have
streams of sand-laden water pouring
upon the fires in the Tramway and
Leonard mines. This sand will be
pumped from the slum pond of the
Rutte. & Superior, which lies but a
short distance from these two proper
ties. ,
DOCTOR DOUGLAS
OF EARLY DAYS
(Continued from Page One)
vadlng this country at that time. One
morning in the fall of 1883 Dr. Doug
las had been In Tombstone on busi
ness. He was coming home on the
stage coach' and in passing under a
tree in Tombstone canyon, near where
the new Catholic church now stands,
had to bend over considerably to save
himself from being knocked off the top
of the coach by the feet of a Mexican
who had been lynched the night be
fore, following a cutting scrape. The
body had been left hanging there be
cause no one seemed to think it worth
while to take it down. It remained
there until well toward noon.
"I worked for the old Queen Com
pany before the consolidation," said
Mr. Williams. "After I ran the whim
on the Atlanta shaft as I have told you,
I helped Install the boiler and put in
the foundation for the hoist at the
fzar shaft.
"Dr. Douglas always was strong for
his eld time friends here. The last
time I saw him was about three years
ago; the last time he was in Bisbec,
anyway. I was walking cn the high
sidewalk near the general office when
I heard someone yelling, 'Johnnie
Williams, Oh Johnnie.! 1" turned
around and there was the doctor fom
ing toward me with his hand out
stretched. 'Why don't you speak to
your old friends, Johnnie ?' he asked
me. 'If you ever pass me up that way
again I'll have you shot.'
"Yes sir, Dr. -Douglas was a good
man and a great one and charitable to
a fault. Bisbee and the Warren Dis
trict owe all that they are to him."
concerned, they are necessary to some
extent, but to the most limited extent,
possible, bf causo tho moment ycu give 1
a priority for enc thing you sidetrack 1
another, and there U not ar.y doubt!
that the traffic situation last winter,
was iiitcnscly aggravated by pricri'.ica
that wure issued in the beginning by
Fuel and Kooil Administrations, in my
Judgment." :
The valuable : s;'ts which Calumet
&. Ari-.onsi has in th' New Corn ilia,
properly is rapidly hen;; idemonstrat-!
cilb y tho steady increase in Hie pro-1
(l.u ti'in of t-ic l.iUi r. Tliu production i
is not only iiiv.casiiig but the com-!
I any tank:; among Hio lowest cost!
;.r. tliu ers. j
llonrge O'Neill, formerly a dcp-lty j
sheriff at Hay. was convicted at Klor '
t!!e of t -iking money from a woutaa i
and si. en scuteure of ireru three tc j
live jenr. J
IE
ond factor is the displacement of cop
per in cargoes to make room for the
men and camp supplies which have
been going forward under far greater
acceleration during the present year.
The fact that copper is now availa
ble only for war contracts, and with
Exception of comparatively small or
ders that have been permitted filled
for motor builders and olhers on pri
vate contracts has been available for
war contracts ojly during all the year,
tells of fine team work the workers in
copper and brass in the east are doing
in playing up with the increased metal
production from Arizona and other
copper producing divisions which have
made gains. That both the copper
miners and consumers have been able
to rise to war emergencies with all of
the increase in output fcr war needs
of which there has been requirement,
representes a higher testimonial to
their loyalty, effective organization
and ability to do things than is enjoy
ed by any other industry, although a
part of the entire piece of prepared
ness on the side of producers which
which alone has enabled the nation to
put men and supplies across to Europe
with effectiveness, and upon the con
tinuance of which her million sons
now in Europe are wholly dependent
for their lives.
MINING
PLAN WAR
WASHINGTON. D. C. July 6 Am
erican mining engineers want to do
mere war work. They have come to
Washington during the past v.eek to
find out what greater service they can
render either here or at their mines.
They are being told that almcst even
one of the many war work divisions of
the government can use their technical
training, and plans are now being con
sidered by the American Institute of
Mining Engineers for multiplying the
efforts that have already been made.
At a conference, which has just been
held with 200 of the leading mining
engineers, Herbert Hoover and other
beads of administration, all members
of the American Institute, told some
thing of the war service opportunities
today.
"Lack of labor, rather than transpor
tation difficulties. Is the cause of the
coal shortage," said It. V. Norris of
the fuel administration, to the mining
engineers. He said, in part: "We
have the coal shortage. The situation
is serious and it is gcing to continue
to be serious. We have pinned a bou
quet on the railroads, but lack of labor
at the mines is the principal trouble
However, with a shortage of labor
amounting to 30; we have increased
production 20'f. The zone system of
distribution has saved us 160.0"0.000
car miles a year. Then, too. our in
sistence upon clean coal has made 10' t
more coal available."
Lt.-Col. Raymond F. Bacon, head of
the gas service in the Ordnance De
partment, said: "We are of the opin
ion that gas will win the war. It is
more and more becoming something
of prime importance. We are finding
greater protection against pas and
better gases. In time we will he able
to hand the Bcche a little bit more
hellish gas than he has ever handed
us." William L. Saunders, chairman
of the Naval Consulting Board, and
former president of the American In
stitute of Mining Engineers, said that
his Board has already received, stud
ied and acted upon more than 65,000
plans and suggestions.
Pope Yeatman, in charge of non-ferrous
metals of the War Industries
Board, stated that there is hardly a
business in the country which can be
called non-essential, but nearly every
industry uses materials and labor
which are of a non-essential type in
time of war.
The American Institute of Mining
Engineers now has 6700 members and
some 700 are in active government
service.
GRADING MACHINE
ORDERED FOR VERDE
JEROME. July 6. Sometime next I
week a Marion steam shovel and ;
twelve dump cars will rattle t'iroupli j
the streets of Jerome and cn to the .
300-foot level, where Contractor Will
iam I!. Arndt will immediately there-
after start grading for the switchback j
railroad that is to be run up to the
I'nited Verde mine. i
Arndt placed Lis order about ten j
days ago and the shovel has already ,
been shipped from Marion, Ohio. Shov- J
el and cars, laid down in Clarkdale, I
will cost Arndt about $12,500. He fig-!
ures, however, that they" will well be j
worth the money for they will enable
him to finish hi grading contract in I
much less time than if he depended on
hand labor. j
The shovel has a capacity of from
COO to 10i0 yurds in eight hours, de
pending ca the character of material
to he moved. Arnut expects to get
better than 000 yards cut cf t;.e ma-,
china although most of his work will
ho in solid rock.
Steam shoveling is a new departure
for Arndt but 1.0 m es nil kinds of work
atuad fcr his M.irion ri:ht hero ii the;
Verde dis'i h t. In fact, lie has several
other rush contracts in view right now
and may plan an tnl.r at am e for a
second shcvcl.
Coiiii-' 'ens i:i tlx rnpn t iviuslrv
throughout the stale are in betcr cen
tra! coiuliiioii man sinci a :: a-,u.
Ari.:i na's wheat
: vei.KM', ;;s it is
now.
r Tv n. ny be aoove
in Kooii ni unli' ion
Vanadium ore asstd ;it Kirklaii.i by
experts tcuuU to contain uranium.
ENGINEERS
WORK
THE DOUGLAS ASSAY CO.
ASSAYERS CHEMISTS METALLURGISTS
AND ORE BUYERS
SPECIALTY RARE METALS AND ALKALIES
BOX 1031
1 103 a Ave. DOUGLAS, ARIZ.
Bisbee Lumber Company, im
EMIL MARKS. MGR.
5r yro lj r
When you pay by check, your funds are
safeguarded against loss you receive an
unquestioned receipt and you improve
your standing in the community. '
Make this your depositary by starting a
checking account.
Bank with us.
HOTEL RESORT and TRAVEL DEPARTMENT
Reliable information, suggestions, reservation, no ch.i.-3e. We espe
cially desire to hear from parties, lodges, societies, and organization
Auto stage tickets ant seat reservation secured. (Daily service. San
Francisco to Imperial Valley, Camp Kearny, Riverside Aviation Field,
etc.) Autos furnished for private use. reliable, competent drivers, go
anywhere. Write, phone, or call. LANE'S TRAVEL SERVICE BUREAU.
822 W. 6th St, LOS ANGELES, CALIF. Phones: Pico 1007, Home 10743.
LOS ANGELES
Hotel Lee
Sixth, and Figjeroa Streets.
Modern European. Rates, 75c to $3
Room with bath $1.00 up
Special Summer and Weekly Rates
All depot cars pass the doer.
Garage connected. Cafo next doer.
Wm. B. CLARK. Prop.
pie
Ma
Why use pine floors when maple
costs but a liLtle more ?
We have just received as nice a
car of maple as you ever saw.
Gibson-Hines Lumber Co.
J. W. F. SMITH
Manager
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
AND HIGH CLASS CAFE
1 bci,t of everything at rei:onab'r a la carte price.
A Special 60c Iunchen daily. Ak. Si 0 dinner from
5:30 to 7:30 p. in. Regular lioa.d Ly U.t; month, $4'J;
$10 by the w ck.
1 Heiiry I'oppen, iilanager.
L. J. OVERLOOK, BROKER
Correspondents: Psine, Wcbcr . Co.. Boston, Duluth, Calumet.
LOGAN & ERYAN. NEW YORK ANO CHltACO
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK
THE DAILY REVIEW VAflT ADS BRING RESULTS
The Body of
Our Paint
Is pure white lead. It is mixed with
turpentine or pure linsed oil ac
cording to whether It Is to be used
for In or outside work. There 1 no
grit In it; no adulterants to make
its manufacture cheaper. Paint ex
perts always get their supplies
here. Wouldn't It be wise for you
to follow th example.
LOWELL CAR STOP.
PHCNE 2
.5 -
'LOS ANGELES
Gates Hotel $1
Fireproof. Sixth and Figueroa Sts.
Cafe and Restaurant in Connection
Close to Stores, Theater and all
Car Lines. Los Angeles' Finest
Tourist and Family Hostelry
TAKE TAXI AT OUR EXPENSE.
Lee Holladay, Pres. and Mgr.
Geo. A. Collins, Sec'y.
Floorin;
Phone 88 THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JULY 7, 1918.
THREE
News of Social Circles
From far away France compa a let
ter to Mrs. M. R M. Frantzen, chair
man of the Bisbee A. V. K. W., frow
Isabel Stevens Iatlirop, president of
tiie A. F. F. V. iu 1'aiis, thanking the
people of this district for their gener
ous contributions on tag day, which
she says came riht in the nick of lline
during the last great German drive.
Her letter follows in part:
"The French people have never
been disappointed in the people of
America, when they made calls for
help, Always they answer with more
than asked for. A. volume could be
written upon the condition of the ref
ugees that poured into Care du Nord,
during the hectic days of March. They
came by the thousands, helpless, hun
gry and cold. Most of the children
without 6hoes or the proper clothing
to keep their little thin bodies warm.
And the weather was cold then, too.
All of the babies in desperate straits
after having been for days without
a change.
"The Red Cross took action at once
and phoned for all of the motors of the
A. F. F. W., contributing all they had
and all the workers that could possi
bly be mustered. Then the poor, -weary
refugees were taken to the nearest
canteen, given food and later baths
and a place to sleep. At first only one
change was given them but that took
thousands of articles a day. For the
first few days ?100 a day was spent
in shoes.
"Arranging the workers In shifts so
as to systematize things took very lit
tie time and before long marvelous re
sults were noticed. With care and gen
tle touch these brave girls go about
among the sick and wounded seeing
sights almost unbelievable. A number
of women have given birth to babies
in the station.
"The Americans who see these hor
rible sights are determined to "go
over the top" and settle the fiht on
German soil. It is hoped that they
will keep to this for some of the poor
allies are so tired that often times
they feel to drive the enemy out of
France and Belgium is enough.
"The small branch depots have prov
en the great success of the work. With
in the shops are the supplies arranged
on shelves, a delegate and an assistant
if necessary, a motor car and a driver
ready for any emergency call. In ma
ny cases a separate staff of volunteer
nurses is necessary to carry on the
hospital work, but it Is all. under one
head. There are three clinic days to
which the people crowd to be relieved
of their pain. Worn faces brighten
and drooping spirits rebound after
medical care and the common comforts
of life have been given them.
"Continue to send the same supplies
over. Some of those most needed are
bed linen (hospital) pajamas, shirts,
socks, underwear, blankets, slippers,
rubber goods (sheeting) hot water bot
tles, ice bags, tubing, air cushions,
gloves, pillows, mosquito netting, fly
paper, fans and surgical dressings.
Big colored aprons are needed greatly
for the women with which to cover up
their soiled and torn skirts.
"For three years the A. F. F. W. has
ministered to the wants of the French
wounded, and now the generous moth
ers of American men who .have work
ed for the French through this society
are to be repaid Thsir own sons may
be Qarried to these wards and the Am
ericans are welcomed as their very
own. The work of the A. F. F. W. has
attained a noble position and nothing
Is so gratifying as to be able to send
over the good word that by a chance
of fortune the American men are reap
ing the benefits of these donations."
5$ S? 55
Mr. and Mrs. Osier and John have
returned from a two weeks stay in the
mountains.
g g
Mr. and Mrs. Alvin have just return
ed from the Huachucas. They spent
a most pleasant vacation In the cool
ness of the hills.
jg g ye
Miss Southerland and her brother,
J. G. Southerland have returned to
Bisbee from a stay in the mountains
for some weeks.
A dance given at the Country Club
on Wednesday night was to celebrate
Of Interest
It has been said that every
woman in France is wearing mourning,
but not the mourning of old. Rarely
does one see the heavy crepe veils and
black bordered handkerchiefs. Now
women allow themselves the privilege
of being thoroughly individual in their
mourning. America ms had some
trouble as to what was proper and ex
pected. The President has requested
the women of this country to be as
cheery and happy as possible and to
refrain from such heavy black and for
such a lengthy penod. In England
one never sees the conspicuous woman
in widows weeds. There is nothing in
the conduct of these brave English
women to denote, their great sorrow.
They have resolved to smile and brace
the nerves of the soldiers that are left.
The modem idea is not to plunge those
about one in gloom. This must be the
American reason, too.
A young woman in mourning for a
parent might wear a turban of black
taffeta with an upturned plaited ruffle.
Over the entire hat hangs a veil of
black finely tucked along the edges.
Collars and cuffs of white organdie are
appropriate. A toque of black faille
with a tucked brim and draped crown.
A narrow chiffon veil edged with satin
is strung through a ring of black
threads at the top of the hat and bangs
at either side of the face.
After the young widow has discard
ed her toque and veil she may wear
this small bat of black Georgette
draped most effectively into what is
almost a Turkish turban, embroldere-l
attractively with dull beads. A simple
mesh veil with a narrow band of crepe
Is worn over the face and a strip of
net bordered with crepe hangs down
In the back. A turnover collar of sheer
handkerchief linen is finished with
French knots in linen thread, and a
the last frivolity of the season. The
ball room was decorated in Ameri "an
flags Mid flags of the allies, giving a
military note that was thrilling. Af
ter each dance and the music had
.'ceased the dancers sought coolness on
I the galleries. Here and there could
!be seen in the dim light pretty frocks
! witli a background of olive drab, a
number of military men being present
from Douglas. It was an ideal night
fcr an affair of this kind as the large
crowd proved.
ef iy
The Tied Cross Shop took In over
$200 this month. This -is a splendid
amount but could be bettAr but for the
lack of supplies to sell. Often there
comes a little slack in the business of
the hardest working map, but it
doesn't last long and business soon
picks up to be better than before. So
it is hoped that this will be the case
with the Red Cross Shop that business
will soon be booming. Workers are
needed, so many of them have gone
away for the summer that it is neces
sary to make an appeal for substitutes.
Just call up Mrs. Charles Hawiey and
offer your services to keep shop for
one day a week.
JS ?
Judge Loekwood of Tombstone will
be in Bisbee on Thursday at 7:30 p. m.
and will speak to the Parent-Teachers
Association nt Horace Mann high
school.
!5 !S
Howard Warren left for Tucson
where he will act as mechanical in
structor in the training camp.
3K
The Anona Club served refreshments
on Saturday night at the Warren park
dance.
J
Mrs. J. G. Cowan of Warren left
Friday nigh( on the Golden State for
California to spend the summer
months.
V iS !S
The C. and A. band deserves much
credit for its cooperation in making
the 4th of July a glorious one in the
Warren district. They not only donat
ed their harmonious music but sold
tickets and were floor managers,
helped generally towards making a fat
contribution to the Red Cross. During
the whole summer this loyal band has
given to the Red Cross the sole right
to sell refreshments at the dances.
This has been widely appreciated and
deserves notice, and they are still will
ing and ready to help in any way pos
sible, offering their services gladly
in any capacity needed. Bisbee is in
deed fortunate to have such a com
mendable organization in its midst and
the community at large are grateful.
ts S JS
At the very last moment on the
night of the 4th it was discovered,
much to the sorrow of the women who
were iu charge, that the men who had
been appointed to help with the en
tertainment were among the missing.
Lost, strayed or stolen were these
poor men and it is just whispered that
;ur sister state may have been the
cause for their delinquency.
Some men pat themselves on the
back with the consoling thought i
mind that their neighbor is working
hard for the Red Cross and that his
services will never be missed, but that
will never suffice when the honor roll
! is called, and the question is asked,
I what have you done?
I 'With the competent aid of Mr. C. W.
j Allen and his able assistants things
I turned out nicely. The men who Jielp
jed Mr. Allen were Messrs. Tom
Hughes, Foster. Cooper, Wertz, Olsen,
Bert Fenner, Wm. Gunn and Dr. Gon
zales. At the booth the sum of $265 was
taken in but the expenses for the even
j ing have not been taken out of that
as yet. At the dance pavilion $2!"i0
j was collected. There were 100 cases
! of soda disposed of during the after
I noon and evening.
I Mrs. I'hilip Wilson had charge of the
! tableaux that was suclr a success,
j The Warren Fire Department usual
ly have a dance at the park on the
4th. but this year they gave prece-.
! dence to the celebration of the day of
j independence which was remembered
by the Allied world.
to Women
black chiffon tie is draped under the
cellar to fasten at the back. The same
arrangement of French knots and
draped chiffon is repeated on the cuffs.
Many people no longer consider it
bad form to be seen at places of amuse
ment In black, but the rule remains
that it is not proper to appear at any
function in a long black veil; this is
still regarded as being extremely bad
taste. The wearing of much jewelry
is also poor taste. Although jet orna
ments are very popular. In Britain
one sees women dressed in their every
day clothine going quietly about their
duties as though the shadow of be
reavement had never fallen upon their
fair land.
A daytime gown of cashmere Is belt
ed loosely at the waist and worn with
cuffs and collar of organdie. A small
turban to wear with it has a brim of
woven bands of crepe and a shirred
crown of the same material. A net
( veil -is worn from the back of the hat
UlacK crepe le chine rorms the wine
front panel and the back yoke of an
afternoon frock, embroidered In dull
silk and belted with passementterie.
ithen finished off with Georgette crepe,
j Nothing could be slninler or more ef
fective than the all black dinner gown
with its slim lined foundation of char
meuse over which is draped Georgette
crepe. The long sleeves and loose
panel train give it the air of a tea
gown.
For summer afternoons or Informal
affairs a dress of black point d'esprlt
over blnck silk Is cool and becoming.
With it Is worn a large sun hat of fine
horsehair braid trimmed with black
flowers and picoted black tulle, which
hangs over the hat and is draped like a
scarf.
Bright Frocks
Marine blue serge made with a do-
mestic little apron of taffeta Is made
to look as business like as possible
during war time. A spangly collar is
a circular fringe of marine blue beads
and paillettes that twinkle enough to
serve a the only trimming.
A frock of tan chiffon and tan cloth
with gold embroidery on the chiffon
blouse and a stamped design in gold
on the wide tan belt above and below
which rows of tiny twinkling brass
rings carry suede stripes.
A Quaker like grey linen with only
straight and narrow tucks, a demure
white organdie collar and an ingenu
ous white organdie sash for trimming.
It is plainly simple but also smartly
simple and that Is the whole duty of
a summer frock.
A gown of pale biscuit colored chif
fon adornless of trimming, it is soft
and clinging. Quaint horse shoe loops
of frilly ruffles that cascade up and
down the skirt are of chiffon, picoted,
and the bodice with its high neckline
at the front and Its hood like draping
in the back, is chiffon too. The sash,
however, is of ribbon deep purple on
one side and pale blue on the other,
with a wide blue and purple fringe at
the bottom.
In spite of many other attractive,
thin materials the crisp, cool, floaty
organdy is selected by most women as !
the Ideal hot weather frock.
At present the most popular shades
for organdy frocks are yellow and lav
ender, a lavender which is lilac by
temperament. And one finds worn with
these girdles of narrow black velvet
ribbon. Sashes of organdy are also
used, and there is, of course, constant
employment of the grosgrain ribbon
which crops up in every field of clothes
A frock of organdy of burnt orange
tint, girdled with brown velvet. The
flounces which are so dear to the heart
of the thin maiden are given that de
sirable length of -line by the folds of
material extending from the shoulder.
There is smocking over the hips, those
tight short sleeves with the bell-like
flounce which are encountered now so
frequently and a little cluster of or
ange and red fruit accenting the ellip
tical neck line.
Y. W. C. A. Notes
Thursday afternoon, July 11th, from
3 to 6 will be "at home" day for the
members of the association and their
friends at the Y. W. C. A. Judge Lock
wood of Tombstone will talk to the
ladies at 3:30 upon community prob
lems and how to meet them. In the
evening at 7:30 he will speak at the
Parent-Teachers Association of the
Junior high school. This is a splendid
opportunity to hear some worth while
advice from a man who has had sever
al years experience in and near Bisbee.
It is hoped that the women of the dis
trict will come and hear one or ,boU.
of these talks. ,
The regular meeting of the board
of directors will be held Tuesday at
2:30 p. m.
The Pacific Coast Annual City Con
ference of the Young Womens Chris
tian Association will be held at A a no
mar, California, July 26th to August
f.tli. This conference is under the aus
pices of the National Board of the V.
V. C. A. for the women of California,
Arizona and Nevada. Some of the
most able leaders have been chosen
for this summer conference and there
will be councils for board and commit
tee members, for secretaries and for
the general membership of the Asso
ciations. It is hoped that it will be
possible for some of our Bisbee mem
bers to go to Asilomar as it will be
educational as well as inspirational to
those interested in Y work. .
Miss Eloise Setzer arrived from El
Paso this week and is stopping at the
Y.
Miss Bernice MeCurdy, girls secre
tary with the High Y girls served re
freshments at Warren park July 4th.
The torrent of raia did not frighten
them from their task and they re
mained until the crowd departed at a
late hour.
The Y girls in the "Home" have
formed a self government club which
Is proving quite helpful in many ways.
Miss Joyce Fiero is chairman of the
club, while two girls constitute a com
mittee on each floor. Misses Horton.
Lindsay, Avery. Lowe, Bird and Spain
are the members of the club commit
tee. Mrs. II. L. Herrick who has been
Cafeteria Director for the Y for over
a year, and office and house secretary
for a year and a half, recently tendered
her resignation as Cafeteria director.
We regret that Mrs. Herrick has de
cided to give up this work and to leave
Bisbee. She leaves a host of frlned3
behind who will miss her exceedingly.
T7
The Churches
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE
(Sunday, July 7)
Informal Christian Sclenre meetings
are held In Warren every Sunday in
the old Warren company building,
corner of Arizona and Tener avenue-i.
The meeting today will be 'held at
11.30 a. ni. Subject. "God." All are
most welcome.
Christian Science society of Bisbee
hold services In the new I. O. O. F.
Catarrh is a Real
and Requires Vigorous Treatment
Do Not Neglect It.
STien you so medicated sprays,
atomizers nd douches for your Ca
tarrh, you may succeed in unstopping
the choked-up air passages for the
time being, but this annoying condi
tion returns, and you have to do the
eame thing over and over again.
Catarrh has never yet been cured
by these local applications. Have
yti ever experienced any real benefit
1'rwTn cuch treatment?
hall on Subway St. Sunday services at
11 a. m. Wednesday evening testi
monkij meeting at 8 p. ni. The pub
lic is welcome and invited to attend.
Subject for Sunday July 7th, "God."
Please note the change In time and
place of services.
PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH
Sunday school. 9:45 a. ni.
Morning worship, 11 a. in.
Sermon topic, 'The Simplicity of
Life."
Evening worship, 8 p. m..
Sermon topic, "The Circuitous
Road."
ALLAN" KIHCHPAI B, Pastor.
ST. JOHN'S EPISCOPAL CHURCH
Sunilav cshool, S:45 a. m. Morning
service, 11 a. m.
Wednesday: choir pnir'iee, 7 p. ni.
JACOB M. WHITK. Pastor.
METHODIST EPISCOPAL
Sunday school. 9:45.
Kpworth league meeting. C:ri0 p. m.
Preaching by the pastor at 11 and
7:"0 o'clock.
I'rayfr meeting Wednesday evening
at 8 o'clock.
C. W. HARSHMAN.
BASE IS HEART
OF ARMY LIFE
' ATWAR FRONT
British Base in France Shows
Five Continents' Peoples
Jostling One Another in it3
Streets
BEHIND BRITISH LINES IN
FRANCE, June (Correspondence of
The Associated Press) As "General
Headquarters" is the brain of, the army
from which all 'orders emanate, o
"The Base" is In a veiy large measure
the hetrt, whence the blood circulates
to the remotest parts of the body.
A visit to a Base shows that It is
somethiug far bigger and more com
prehensive than a camp; it is a dis
trict. Its center is a town of size and
importance; a town whose church
spires and towers render it visible
from a long distance, while Its rail
, ways and street car lines present a
busy scene during all hours of the day
and night. There is a large civilian
population, carrying on business as
usual, though air-raids are fre.iuent.
and demolished houses ore constant
reminders cf ever-present danger. The
Town Hall has been badly damaged,
and a shot hole from a long range nav
al gun can be seen in the tower.
In the streets of the town people of
all five continents jostle each other.
There are the French, civilian and
military; there are British troops of
all ranks and descriptions; even the
khaki-clad women of the Auxiliary Ar
my Corps; there are Australians, Can
adians, Americans. Belgians, Chinese.
East Indians, and African negroes. The
latter make excellent transport drivers
while the Chinese are employed on or
dinary labor of various kinds.
The sight of two Chinamen bathing
in a small puddle in a busy square, us
ing their soap by turns and drying
themselves on strips of rag with true
oriental unconcern as to all that is go
ing on around them. Is becoming fa
miliar. Their camp is some distance
frcm the town, and their nearest neigh
bors are the inhabitants of a German
prisoner-of-war camp, who can be seen
daily at work In a leisurely manner on
a military railway. Their work in the
open has tanned them to an almost
African brown and the slender size of
their guard suggests that they are well
contented with their lot and not at all
anxious to attempt escape.
In the town itself can be seen guns
by the hundred, parked as close as
they can possibly be packed. Outside
the town are other parks of artillery
and wagons and dumps of munitions
and engineering materials. There are
camps everywhere some for men
waiting to go up the line, others for
those who are employed more or less
permanently at the Base on transport
and other duties. Hospitals are sit
uated here, too. always on the sites
most favorable for fresh air and sun
light. The quarters of the Base Com
mandant, the Base Cashier, the Ord
nance Officer and other important of
ficials are situated in the town Itself.
Notices In both French and English
are posted everywhere about the place
and polite military police are on duty
at cross roads and other points of Im
portance. Plans have been starter for a cotton
gin at Chandler.
Richard Glaze, Oph. D.N.D.
Practice Limited to Eye and Nerve
Disorder.
Phone 1S6. Office and residence
first houte west of Masonic Temple,
Main Street. Bisbee, Arizona.
Glasses fitted by the latest methods, i
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Solicit Your
Patronage
PHONE 53
Enemy '
throw these makeshift remedies to
the winds, and get on the right treat
ment. Go to your drug store to-day,
get a bottle of S. S. S., and commence
a treatment that has been praised by
sufferers for nearly half a century.
S. S. S. get 3 right at the source of
Catarrh, and forces from the blood
the germs which cause the disease.
You can obtain special medical advice
regarding your own case without
charjre by writing to Medical Direc
tor. Awut Luburatoi'v. Atlanta. Oa.
Henry Ford
Y. M. C. A.
Henry Ford, who has been deeply
interested in a variety of war wot";,
contributing large sums of nioivy to
the different campaign.;, recently un
dertook to follow up a (.ntriliuii in uf
$..uuu he made to the Y. M. C. A.,
with an investigation by his o.sn per
scnal staff to s e how the uoncv was
spent, i lie investigators v ent to tiie
thirty-two cantonments in the I'uited
States, mingled with the tie n aid care
fully wai. lied the Y M. c . n t'vit
and then retirrned a uetaiKd report tofall fel that t!ic V. .M. C. A. is a good
Mr. Kuril. 1 1 io. e second!"
The Y. M. C. A. has y,il issued a
statement in which exlra-ts fr.,r,i t !:0 f Nn.n-rc.iil.-nti and wantednne mer
Ford reports were pics, nteii, with iJieidmnis 1 In- business in Miami will
ronclusir.n that the "in ve-tfcat-irs i hP cuni ellt-d under a new ordinance
found an active, social, recreational, j ' Prl' i''! ,i,''nse per quarter.
educational, and religious jmi l'i am un
der way all for the bencjit of the sol-1
d'ers in each of the camps The re- j
port made to Mr. Ford states that "in
every military centra the funds con
tributed to Die Y. .M. C. A. war fund
are being efficiently administered.
"The principal olije.-tue of the Y.
M. C. A.," the investigators' report
continues, "is the morale of our men
dealine with them during their leisure
time in camps, furnishing wholesome
and constructive recreation, entertain
ment, and educational features. That
they are successfully accomplishing
this is brought out by the feeling of
the men toward the Y. M. C. A. and
the fact that they avail themselves ot
these privileges and features habitu
ally. They are unquestionably doling
wxnderful work, and the soldier ii
camp today would be lost v. iiliout them
"There seems to be no extravagant
expenditures of money on the build
ings. The privileges tre open to all
enlisted men at all hours of the da .
No evidence of discrimination was to
be found. The impression gathered
fffm observations and conversation-:
with a large number of tiie soldiers i-i
that the Y. M. C. A. organization well
merits hearty co-operation and Minpon.
"During the intervals of training on
the fields boys are taken in charge by
one of the Y. M. C. A. physical direc
tors, who puts them through a course
of stunts, such as banJoull or indi.or
baseball. This has been brought about
in this camp through the efforts of the
military men to keen the beys from
parti, ipuiiiig in blackjack or shaking
dice. Athletics are promoted by the
Y. At. C. A. under tiie supervision of
the Division Athletic Director, who is
an army appointee. The organization
of the Y. M. C. A. for this work, bow
ever, is so complete that the army ath
letic director relies almost exclusively
upon it for the conduct of these acini
ties, and exercises merely provisional
authority.
The report says that tiie religious
work cf the Y. M. C. A. "is sincere and
earnest, and is not beiui; thrust down
their throats."
A unique figure in the religious act
ivities is "Fighting Parson" Wedge, at
Camp Grant, who, in pugilistic cos
tume fights three spirited boxing bouts
with the amateurs and one profession
al, and then retires to a private room
and bodls a Bible class.
"I'-oth the administrative staff and
the staffs of each building are com
posed of men of a hi;h order of intel
ligence and temperamental qualifica
tions for this work. We were especial
ly impressed at practically all camps
visiied with the type and character oi'
these men. There is every evidence
that they are being Velectcd w ith an
unusual degree cf disc riminativo care.
They show a love for and a loyalty to
their work that far transcends the us
ui'l mental attitude of employes. Most
of them are devoting their entire time
to this work at a sacrifice, and are be- j
ing paid little more than r living ct-
peno.
The Y. M. C. A. is performing an in -
Gas Firei
3
For Attaching
to Your
Range Boiler
Sisbee
Praises
Ariny Work
di ,nrn.iMo work. Without it the
morals of our men would surelv suf
fer It acts as a sith-ttiinte for tin ir
home.; and becomes their evening oc
capaiii.n as well, inasmuch as it iur
nisiies instruction, music, reading, and
entertainment. All the men are most
outspoken in their praise ..f the work
tilut is
being done by the V. M. t . A.
words of a sailor boy with
In "h
hr,m ( lie of the investigators talked:
I "I'Lore is no place like home; I:ut w
tXfc.' .. . .'-y.i.i!W..-t,J
I ...-
- - J- " -':.' T. 3
"v
U '.!"'. ',.-44 jV' ;i
Ml
Kern yr.ur ?,kin from gr&winff old
hi looks with
MARIN ELLO
Irr'.aotutum BWackiu Imtmemtt
lurbuc Ufeur itvaiitttiu ly owe uinxti.
McDonald's Mari-
i liSEBY
V
-JSU
?.Ir?. Ccurtes v Tcil3 How She
1 t
-A
O !.!ror Iowa." For years I was
simply in misery from a weakness and
wiul pains ana
!' vV-.l-i-.v.-x ' xx-.'-.V ' I nothir.rr seemed to
x V,-.
'..'.'',- .s.v. .,'.'' .-,A A
i.-L-ii 1 all v bed me
t-j t-'.':o L;.-.!ia IL
I'inl.iiM.Va Vege
table Con.pcnnii. I
did so and fot re
lief ri'.it wry. I
can certainly ro
com:ncr.d '.Ms vuiu
tM medicine to
cth'.T voi::n who
8t;;.Vr, for it has
iio!e such ?co(!
,v, ,
, . - ' 1" .- -
Y7o': for mo tr.d I know iz vii! hoii-
olheri if the y wii! fcivo it : fair triul."
I Mrs. l.izzizCcvni-.i-Y, IJJfcta Ave.,
Wert, O. ':a osa, lova.
Yv'hy will v. cua nd. along from dr
to dny, year in cv.A year out, sutferinjr
cuch r-.Lery as cli i iir3. Courtney, vhe:i
such lultoH :ia this t-recontin Jaily beiirr
published. Every women who butters
from displacc'n-.er.ts, irregularities,
llir.tnr.tion, ulceration, backache, ner
vousness, c rwho is pa-infT through th j
Change of Life should trive this famous
root and h-.-rb remedy. Ly.'.ia E. l ink
h j..;'.; V-.Ca t:.l! Compound, a i::.d. For
f : c!c! ;.J ieo write I yiiia E. i i:.L'.ium
I..ci i.-.in-. Co., I .! n, Mas3. The result
1 tiils l-i-.j experience is at your service.
Water
M
y;S ne" Shop' Tel 305
Provides abundant supply of
hot water at reasonable cost.
Gill at oi?r store and ask for
demonstration, or make re
cjuest for representative to call
upon you.
Improvement Co.
COLLINS &
BRETHERTON
We Specialize In
JEROME
AND
OATMAN
STOCKS
Jack B!dg., Main Street
Phone 2G Box 1129
C. H. HOGMj
Office Below
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
Phone 121
REAL ESTATE
RENTALS
FIRE INSURANCE
NOTARY
Phone 121
Office Below
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
C H. HOGAN
INDEPENDENT
Contractor and Builder
Estimates and Plant Furnished
Wm. McDOUGALL
OPPOSITE LINCOLN SCHOOL
PHONE GREEN 723
HENNESSY
Undertaking Parlors
PHONE 15. OK ST.
BISBEE TRANSFER,
STORAGE & COAL CO.
Warehouse & Office Opposite Depot
PHONES &40 and 50.
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
Heater
I CATARRH
Z . -J -fS-A solo b.Ar-. tu ,WVl
! j ;
J:i 1
.!::!
i ! ? FOUR
Mining and Financial News
BY REVIEW LEASED WIRE
NEW YORK, July t. Opening nith
an uncertain tone, today g curtailed
bessiou of the stock market goon evi
denced firmer tendencies in a few in
stances developing marked strength.
Steels of the so-called independent
group, notably Crucible, Sloss Slier
neld and Superior, "oils, particularly
Mexican petroleum and Marine preler
red and minor war issues all retained
the greater part of their 1 to 2 point
advances, but standard rails kept with
in fractional limits. U. S. Steel made
a fractional advance to its best quo
tation of tile week but closed at a
slight loss. Metals moved sluggishly
and numerous other speculative favor
ites received scant attention.
Sales amounted to li)0,W0 shares.
Konds were lirni, most of the war
issues hardening w ith a gain of lt in'
Tokio. fives. Tne LLiberty group was
about steady.
Total sales, par value, were $1,S75,
000. U. S. bonds, old issues, were uli
changde on call during the week.
stocks daring the dull and irregular
week lost nane of its recent prole3
sional characteristics but a moderate
accession of investment buying follow
ed the advent of the new fiscal year.
Speculative interests derived much
encouraseuient from the further liber
ality suown- by tha government in its
policy of price fixing, the advance to
the copper producers exceeding the
most sanguine expectations.
Some uneasiness followed the publi
cation of the federal trade commis
sions arraignment of various indust
rial companies and the attitude of the
administration toward the country's
telegraph and telephone companies
provoked moderate liquidation of
these and allied utilities.
The money markta adapted them
selves more generally to the demands
created by war finance, time iunds
showing increasing paucity.
General trade conditions offer
ground for confidence because of the
greatly increased bank clearings for
June.
GRAIN
CHICAGO, July 6. Belie:' that ar
rivals of corn soon would fall below
immediate requirements strengthened"
the market today for July delivery, but
August 2nd September sagged, owing
to the auspicious crop outlook. I'rices
closed unsettled, half cent lower to
1 1-4 cent advance, with August $1,537
to $1.54 and September J1.55 1-4 to
Oats finished 's1 to 1
cent down and provisoins vtrying from
I cent decline to a rise of 2 cents.
Heavy sales against large purchases
to arrive here pi the oats market on
the down grade.
Provisions averaged higher with
hogs.
CLEARINGS SHOW DECREASE '
NEW YORK, July 6. The actual
condition of clearing house banks and
trust companies for the week (five
days) shows that they hold $2693,240
reserves in excess of leg3l require
ments. This is a decrease of 145,
478,440 from last week.
N'EW YORK METAL MARKET
NEW YORK. July 6 liar silver,
S9c.
PROFESSIONALS PREDOMINATE '
NEW YORK, July 6. Trading in
NEW YORK
L. J. OVERLOCK, Broker
Closing Quotations, July 6, 1913
Anaconda . 69
Amercan Can ! 47
American Car S44
American Locomotive S
American Smelter SO';. .
GATES
lalf-Sole Tires
Act now if you wish to save considerable on
your tire bill for we are still selling the ever
popular GATES HALF SOLE TIRE at the
old price, even though an increase ha3 been
made by the factory. And every tire is fresh
from stock and is guaranteed to give satisfac
tion. Gates- tires and tubes make a combina
tion which is unbeatable. Scores of local
motorists are saving half on their tire bills by
equipping their cars with Gates half sole3 and
inner tubes. And don't forget, the Gates tire
costs a great deal less than any other tire in
the first place. And they give wonderful mile
age on all kinds of Arizona roads. Give them
a trial.
owell Motor Co.
LOWELL
J. O. Main, Prop.
ARIZONA
Does
it
Pay
To Have Tires
Retreaded?
We say it will pay you and pay you well but we do
not ask you to take our word alone for it. Read what
these users of our retreads say then come in and watch
us do it we actually build them on the same as they
do at the factories:
"I never believed in retreads before but I do
now. Your modern way of vulcanizing has
made new tires for me at one-fourth the price
of a new one."
MR. PAT SMITH.
"The retreads you apply are certainly the
thing. I shall surely recommend them for they
represent the best investment in money I have
ever spent on tires. Your process is indeed
wonderful.".
MR. ROBERT REDONDO.
Bring Those Old Tires
In TOD A Y
HYDE & STRACK
EXPERTS IN TIREOLOGY
Johnson Addition
Phane 8o9 Next to Borderland Garage Phone 859
American Sugar 113
Baldwin ilSVa
Bethlehem Steel (U) 84?
Canadian Pacific 147 ' i
Crucible Steel 69
Distillers 5S"R
Erie 15 '.fc
General Motors 15s
Industrial Alcohol 24Ti
lackawanna S4-
Marine, pfd 102
Mexican Petroleum ltil
New York Central 73
Northern Pacific S7
Reading 92
R?p. Steel D3-
Studehaker 46H
Southern Pacific S3
Texas 153
Union Pacific 122V,
U. S. Marines 43:H
Westinghouse 47
BOSTON
Adventure 50
Allouez 51
Alaska 3
Ari7xma Com'l 14
Butte 30
Calumet & Arizona 6S
Calumet & Hetla 4G0
Calumet Ranse' 49
Cbino 41
Chile 17
East Butte 9'4
Granby 76
Goldfi"ld 20
Hancock G
Indians fiO
Inspiration 56
Kennecott 33
Keweenaw 1
Lake 64
LaRallft 2'i
Miami 29"
Mohawk 1
Nevadn 20'4
North Butte 14'
Nippising Sy2
Old Dominion 42
Osceo!'' 53
Pond Creek 18'i
Quinrv 7'
Ray Con 24
Shattuck lfi'3
Shannon 5
Sup. Boston 21',
St. Marys
rtah Con 91.
Winona 1
DIXIE TO MEET
PAT CONNOLLY
Wrestlers Prepared to Give
Public Clean Exhibition of
Mat Game at Their Match
at Star Athletic Club
Everything is in readiness for the
wrestling bout between Pat Connolly
and Ernest Dixie Monday night at 8
o'clock at the old Star Athletic club
on Brewery Gulch and from all indi
cations it will be the fastest, cleanest
and most thrilling exhibition of its
kind ever held in Arizona. Both men
are in the pink of condition and each
confident ot winning.
At their former match on June 27ih
which by the way was the cleanest,
fastest and most exciting exhibition of
catch-as-catch-cun wrestling ever wit
nessed in the district, Connolly failed
to throw Dixie once in one hour, while
he was supposed to throw him twice
in that time. However, those who saw
the former match w ill agree that Con
nolly several times had Dixie about
as near down as a man could be and
not have both shoulders on the in;1 1,
but "closes" don't count for much in
wrestling.
Dixie's wonderful showing at the
last match in quickness, strength, en
durance and the ability to wriggle out
of such holes as a double scissors and
a hammer-lock leaves him slightly the
favorite. Of course Pat, being an oid
timer at the game, may have another
card up his sleeve but Dixie and the
local fans will have to be shown.
Both men have been working out
every day at the Y. M. C. A. and will
be ready at the sound of the gong.
ninth and passed the first six men.
Regan then pitched to two batters, on
of whom singled while the other walk
ed. Toney relieved Regan and allow
ed two hits but got the sile after nine
runs had been scored.
R. H. E.
Philadelphia 000 OUD oo'j a 4 2
Cincinnati 000 013 OUx 10 10 4
Jacobs, Davis and Burns, Adams;
Schneider, Regan, Toney and Wiugo,
Cueto.
DODGERS WIN GAME
ST. LOUIS, July 6 Meadows held
Brooklyn to three hits in the seven in
nings he worked but these were bunch
ed with a sacrifice hit and an error
in the sixth, producing two runs, by
which margin the visitors bested St.
Louis.
R. H. E.
Brooklyn 000 002 0103 5 1
St. Louis 000 000 0101 7 1
Grimes and O. Miller; Meauows,
Sherdell and Gonzales.
leniblins Boston to win and move into
I first place. The other panne of a
j scheduled double header was post
poned Decause OI wei gruunus.
Innings R. H. E.
Cleveland 121 00H 000 4 9 4
Boston 011 003 00 x 5 12 1
Coumbe, Banby and O'Neill; Bush
and Agnew, Schang.
BROWNS BEAT SENATORS
WASHINGTON, July 6. St. Lou.s
defeated Washington In a loosly play
ed game. Washington knocked Gallia
out of the box in the third inning and
scored six runs, but cq'ild do nothing
with Rogers.
Innings R. H. E.
St. Louis 201 40O 100 S 12 2
Washington lOri 0o0 0"0 7 A 2
Galia. Rogers and Nuuamaker, Sev
ereid; Harper, Brenuau, Ayers and
Picinich.
PIRATES WIN TWICE
PITTSBURG, July 6. In the first
game Pittsburg put on the best bat
ting performance of the season. Ru
dolph was banished by Umpire Har
rison, after the fifth inning. Canavan
was hit harder than his predecessor.
The second game was more even.
First game: H. H. E.
Boston 000 loo 0001 3
Pittsburg 300 016 25x 17 21 1
Rudolph, Canavan and Wilson; May
er and Schmidt, W. Smith.
Second game: R. H. E.
Boston ..011 000 1104 7 1
Pittsburg 020 001 20. a 8 1
Eillingem and Henry, Wilson. Sand
ers, Comstock and Schmidt.
CURBS
Arizona Arkansas 7
Arizona Silver Kini; Ki
Big Ledge '. 1 V
Butte JC- London 17
Calumet Jerome 1
Cornell ia IS
Con. Arizona ' i
Con. Copper '4
Denn 21
nundee
Emm i '-ft
Federal Oil 2'i
Gadsden
Green Monster 4
Grand Island 12
Hull 45
"owe Sound 4
Hecla, ".
Jerome Verde v-
Jerome Victor 's .......... .
Magma Copper
Magma Chief 20
Okmulgee 4'
Pitts-Jerome 36
Porphvry 60
Ray Hercules 4
Tuolumne
United Eastern V
Verde Extension 40
Wolverine Arizona 1
White Caps 26
Wright Martin 10
OTHER CURBS
(By Collins &. Bretherton)
Green Monster .
Butte London ..
Dundee
Venture Hill ...
Pitts-Jerome
Jerome Verde . . .
Ark-Arizona
Jerome Portland
Ins-Needles "
Hull Copper . . .
Magma Chief ...
Verde Squaw
Verde Combination
Miami Con
Verde Apex
TVirphyry
Feather River
Bid Ask
2.50 2.75
.50 .62
.17 .20
.75 1.00
.04
.H6 .40
.50 .62
.OS .11
.15 .16
.06 .12
.45 .48
.20 .25
1.65 1.75
.50
.75 .81
.02 .05
.06
.00 .70
1.12 1.25
.15
IlllUlVld
OF-
Solid Comfort
Right Down Town
Stantcn & Overland Sts.
EL PASO, TEXAS
rate savoy
Seaman & Schaldach, Props.,
Operated on Merit Try It
Best Dollar Day House in the
Great Southwest
Baseball Scores
NATIONAL LEAGUE
AMERICAN ASSN.
At St. Paul, 11; Milwaukee. 4.
At Minneapolis, 2; Kansao City, 4.
At Columbus, 6; Toledo. 3.
At Indijn3poli3, 1; Louisville, 9.
AMERICAN LEAGUE
W. L.
W. L. Pet.
Chicago 4S 24 .667
New York 42 25 .627
Pittsburg 34 34 .500
Philadelphia 32 33 .402
Boston 32 36 .471
Brooklyn 29 38 .431
Cincinnati p5 42 .373
St. Louis 25 43 .36
CUBS BEAT GIANTS
CHICAGO, July 6. Jim Vaughn's
single to right in the twelfth inning of
today's New York-Chicago game end
ed a pitchers' battle between Vaughn
and Demaree and gave Chicago the
victory.
1 - ' n. h. e.
New York ..000 0o0 000 000 0 6 0
Chicago 000 000 000 0011 S 1
Demaree and McCarty; Vaughn and
Killifer.
REDS BETTER PHILLIES
CINCINNATI, July 6. Schneider,
after allowing one scratch hit in eight
innings, lost control of the ball in the
Pet.
Boston 42 St .575
Cleveland 43 33 .5BS
New York 39 31 .557
Washington 40 35 .533
Chicago 35 35 .50)
St. Louis 35 2$ .470
Detroit 29 41 .414
Philadelphia 26 41 .371
SPLIT DOUBLE HEADER
NEW YORK. July 6 New York
and Chicago broke even In a doublo
header here today, the Yankees tak
ing the first game and losing the sec
ond. First game R. H. E.
Chicago OOD 001 0001 5 2
New York 000 200 10s 3 6 0
Clcotte and Schalk; Love and Wal
ters. .
Second game R. II. K
Chicaso 010 020 00O 3 9 0
New York 000 000 0022 li 6
Russell and Jacobs; Robinson,
Shaw key and Hannah.
BOSTON IN LEAD
BOSTON, July 6. Ruth's three bag
ger to light, with two on bases, fol
lowed by Wambsganss' bad throw to
third to catch Ruth over running, scor
ed three runs in the sixth inning of
the first game of the Cleveland series.
BASEBALL
WARREN PARK
4:30 P. M.
TODAY
C. and A. vs. Junction-Brjggs;
Admission 35 Cents
Including War Tax
UHE DRINK 1717 HA X
W "if
Avoy. Perkins.
Second game R. H. E.
Detroit 100 000 Ooo 1 8 2
Philadelphia 000 004 30x 7 9 2
Bailey, Cunningham and Stanasa.
Yelle; Perry and Perkins.
COAST LEAGUE.
At Salt Ijike " H. II E.
?acram-nto 16 9 1
Salt Lake 6 13 3
I West, McNulty and Easterly; Mc
, Cahe, Conkwri.uht, Ewing and Kon
' nick, Dunn.
I At San Francisco R. II. E.
! Oakland 3 11 1
' San Franc isco 4 13 1
Ten innings. .
M trtin and Murray; Crespi, Katleh
! ner and Brooks.
ANOTHER SPLIT DUO
PHILADELPHIA, July 6 A bunt
by Gardner on his third strike upset
the Detroit infield and the Athletics
then bated out a victory, in the sec
ond game of today's double header,
after losing the first.
First game R. H. E.
Detroit 000 O0H 311 5 9 3
Philadelphia 100 010 i0i 2 6 2
Dauss and Stanage; Greg- and Mc-
I At Los Angeles R. H. E.
j Vernon . 1 3 4
: Los Angeles .3 7 0
' Del!. Rieger and Devormcr; Brown
, and Boles.
WESTERN LEAGUE.
At Omaha. 4; St. Joseph, 3.
At Des .Moines, 3; Sioux City, I.
REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS
If You Buya Used Car
If you buy a used car you probably buy a
used battery and you can't tell how it has
been used. Better come in and let us test it.
Such a battery may seriously affect the
operation of your car ; you can't tell whether
it does or not unless you put a really new
battery on it.
When you btry a Still Better WHlard with Threaded
Rubber Insulation you know it is new, because it Is
shipped and stored Bone Dry and begins its life for
your car,
Youll know the Still Better Willard by the Mark
branded onto the box. Get all the facts about this
remarkable battery in the booklet ; A Mark with a
Meaning for You."
LOHMAN & WRIGHT
Central Theatre Building - - Lowell
( Sold Everywhere, in Bottles Only
A SERIES OF
LITTLE TALKS ABOUT
YOUR
S9 & no.
MfrAcsi stJZ7 At wo J
A)
THERE will probably be a lot of folks
during the next year or two who
will not be able to get new Fords
because of the much decreased produc
tion. Which is surely the best reason in the
world for taking good care of the Ford
you have now. Don't abuse it.
Use it to the limit but don't expect it
to hit bumps and ruts and not get loose in
the joints.
Keep everything tight and shipshape.
Make- your little repairs immediately you
fird them to be necessary. Keep your
Void in good trim and you'll be more
than repaid for your efforts.
Hood & Bledsoe
Phone CSG Bisbce
Krivn 3 Cptm ruffd -! i' Ml Ph'iN H FIVE
THE BISBLE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JULY 7, 1918.
W. W. Inspired the Kaiser's
Agents in Outrages of Sabotage
Hun Emissaries Have Followed Identical I. W. W. Program to Obstruct U. S.
Pacifists Plan Defense; $50,000 Fund and Propaganda to Exonerate
Criminal Leaders a "Conspiracy," Says R. M. Easley
By RALPH M. EASLEY
In Acril. 1918, a pamphlet was issued
by a so-called National Civil Liberties t
. i . i. ; , 1 "Tli n Tnith '
Uureau, uieurr t.uts Line, -
About the I. V. W. ," claiming to give
tha "facts in relation to the trial in
Chicago by competent industrial inves-1
tigators and notea economists. me
"competent industrial investigators
and noted economists" who have un
dertaken this job prove, upon exami
nation, to be Robert W. Bruere. the
New York socialist and I. W. W. de
fender; Carlton H Parker (since de
ceased), who was described in an ap
preciation written by his intimate
friend. Robert W. Bruere and publish
ed in The New Republic, as being "a
compound of exuberant child, impa
tient dogmatist, sympathetic leader,
prophetic iconoclast"; George P. West,
associate editor of "The Public," the
radical organ of the Single Taxers and
a recognized defender of the I. W. W.
members; John A. Fitch, industrial
Editor of The Survey, the radical and
pacifist unofficial organ of the charity
workers; Trofessor Thorstein Veblen,
a socialist professor In the University
of Missouri, Harold Callender, a radi
cal writer on the Kansas City Star,
and the Detroit News; John Graham
Brooks, the one-time admirer, expound
er and defender of the I. W. W.; and
Walter Nelles. counsel for the Nation
al Civil Liberties Bureau.
The National Civil Liberties Bureau,
the sponsor for this remarkable de
fense of the I. W. W.. includes such
"good, fair, dispassionate, loyal-minded"
men and women as Crystal East
man, John Haynes Holmes. Agnes
1 rown Leach, Dr. James P. Warebasse
and Judah L. Magnea. It requires only
a glance through this pamphlet to dis
cover that."The Truth About the I. W.
W." is nothing more nor less than a
brazen and transparent attempt, under
the pretense of impartialism, to de
fend and excuse this most lawless and
seditious organization, whose leaders
are on trial in Chicago for disloyal and
infamous conduct aimed at the very
vitals of our government. It was
doubtless the hope of the socialists,
pacifists and pro-Germans of the Na
tional Civil Liberties Bureau that, by
the issuance of this pamphlet, they
might help break the force of the start
ling disclosures of the viciousness and
criminality of the I. W. W. which
were bound to be made by the govern
ment as the trial progressed.
That there is an organized attempt
to influence public opinion against the
government's efforts iu the trial now
in jrogress hi Chicago (of which the
issuance of this pamphlet is one step)
is now made apparent by an advertis
metit in The New Republic of June 22.
1918. This sheet has openly criticised
the Department of Justice for its pro
secution of Haywocd and his co-lncit-ers.
The advertisement, which is
cleverly written in a manner designed
to arouse sympathy, calls for a sub
scription of $50,000 as a contribution
to the I. W. W. Defense Fund. This
money, when collected, could, of course
be expended equally well in attempt
ing to bribe jurors as for such legiti
mate expenses as the payment of conn
sel. witnesses' fees, etc. Such an at
tempt was made at the time the jury
in this trial was being impanelled. The
advertisement in rjuestion is signed by
three of the "competent industrial in
vestigators and noted economists, con
tributing to the pamphlet issued by
the National Civil Liberties Bureau
and already described. - Additional
signers to this appeal for $50,000 are
Percy Stickney Grant, rector of the
Church of the Ascension, Professors
Jchn Dewey and James Harvey Robin-
bon. of Columbia University, waiter
K. Weyl. Carlton J. H. Hayes. Inez
Haynes Irwin and Helen Keller, all
known as members of one or more rad
ical groups. That these two moves
the issuance of the publication and
the raising of the fund are all part
of the same "conspiracy" to create
public sentiment in favor of the 110
I. W. V. defendants, which might wel!
become the subject of a federal grand
jury investigation, is made clear in an
article in The New York Times of
June 25, 1918, in which Roger N. Bald
win, director of the National Civil Lib
erties Bureau, is quoted as follows:
"Last winter a group of men. in
cluding Mr. West, Mr. Fitch, John
Graham P.rooks and Professor Cerl
ton II. Parker, prepared, in connec
tion with the arrest of t'le I. W.
W. workers, a pamphlet entitled
"The Truth Almut the I. W. V."
Subsequently a meeting was held
in this city and a fund was collect
ed to defray the expenses of a.n ad
vertising campaign in behalf of 'he
indicted prisoners. Mr. West.' Mr.
Fitch and myself then got together
and in our private capacities we
drew up a letter to about fifteen
persons, asking if they cared to al
low their names to be used in an
appeal to be published for funds for
the men on trial. The men whose
names appear on the advertisment,
consented. W'e expect to carry on
the advertising and to extend it to
other publications."
This intensely partisan, mushy and
grotesque attempt to paint this crimi
nal organization in the hues cf the lily,
utilizes, for the purpose, of contusing
the public mind, the names of persons
who, from their connection with insti
tutions, might be supposed to be ab
solutely opposed to anything tending
towards criminal conduct or disloyalty,
have been for a long time m-onounced
but who. as a matter of fact, are anu
sympathizers with and apologi.ers for
the I. W. W. movement and arc them
selves radicals and. some of them,
members of the Socialist Party.
The delicious frankness with whirh
tiie I W. W. refer to ther ability to
"bunko" the public is illustrated by
au appeal lor money, published in this
TO THE MANAGING EDITOR:
The organization cf a movement to create sympathy v.ith and to enrry
on a defense of the 110 I. W. W. leaders now being tried for seditious con
spiracy in Chicago represented by defensive propaganda issued by the
National Civil Liberties Bureau-. New York, and the raising of a $50,000
defense fund by a committee of radicals is the occasion for the issuance
of a brochure "by T. Everett Harrc, who lias made a cr.reful survey of
I. W. W. activities since the outbreak cf war and who has had access to
documents and records.
Mr. Harre shows, by a presentation of farts, thr.t the I. W. W. and
German agents have worked along parallel lines, employing identical
methods, in efforts to obstruct the United States in its conduct of the war
against Germany. In fact, it is shown that German agents and spies took
over the specific program of the I. W. W.
An introduction to Mr. Harre's brochure, by Ralph M. Easley. chairman
executive committee. National Civic Federation, analyzes the defense
made for the lawless acts of the I. W. W. and sheds light on the character
and personnel of the I. W. W. apologizers, who, it is tound, are composed
of ultra-radicals, pacifists and pro-Germans.
Mr. Easley's introduction and a digest of the brochure follow.
same official organ. Solidarity, at the
time of the alleged Free Speech con
troversy at Little Falls, N. Y. An ex
tract from this appeal, referring to the
strike, which was signed by J. S. Bis
cay, the organizer in charge of that
particular campaign, follows:
"In the meantime it is necessary
that demands be made all the time
on Governor Sulzer, Albany. N. Y.,
for an immediate grand jury inves
tigation of the Little Falls authori
ties. BE SURE TO SrJNIJ A
COPY, so I can get it into the local
papers; that will help some here.
I might add that a public meeting
for such resolutions consists cf a
chairman, secretary and. audience.
So, you see, three persons can be a
meeting. A tip to the wise should
be sufficient for a lot of action
along these lines. Be sure and use
all of the hack-worn expressions,
etc., that ycu can think of. Paper
is cheap and may do a little good
in this instance."
"But the most needed here are
funds. DON'T FORGET THIS."
The most idolatrous defenders of
the I. W. W. cannot deny facts which
stare them in the face sabotage, the
destruction of property and life, the
contemptuous repudiation cf all mor
als and decencies of conduct. What
they do attempt is to justify the most
revolting acts on the ground that the
nernetrators individually are not re-
nrtncililo I V W' fflav wrpctr tminu'the
dynamite factories, destroy supplies
vitally essential in the conduct of the
war, but, so these infatuated zealots
contend, a jury should not find them
i;uilty, nor held them accountable. be-J
cause social conditions inspire their .
acts and are responsible for all their
crimes. "The I. W. W., thus relieved j
of the responsibility of a free exercise I
of will, is exonerated of every offense
against society. A certain doctor and
his wife, noted I. W. W's, some time
ago defended a man who had violated
a little girl, on the ground that social
conditions were responsible for his
conduct. Those very people who are I
today endeavoring to raise a fund for
the indicted I. W. W. leaders announce
as their defense this same preposter
ous doctrine a doctrine by which, if
followed cut logically, all jails should
be opened and all murderers, thieves
thugs and degenerates loosed to work
their will on society.
This doctrine, relieving the individ
ual of all responsibility by placing the
blame for his acts upon society, had
its inception in the German-Marxian
Socialist philosophy. To the ignorant,
the weak, tha unfit, to scft sentimen
talists, and to the intellectually loose
and vicious. ;t has had a powerful ap
peal, and that appeal is to the lowest
of all human qualities, moral coward
ice. The I. W. W., by the law of nat
ural selection, took over this doctrine,
elaborated it, and carried it to the ex
treme, not only in theory but in prac
tice. Robert Bruere. one of the signers of
the nppeal for the $50.0"0 I. W. W.
defense fund, is quoted in the pam
phlet issued by the National Civil Lib
erties Bureau, as saying: "I feel very
strongly about this matter, because I
believe that the policy of uncomprom
ising hostility toward the 1. W. W.
workers which is being pushed by th?
Unitrd States Department of Justice,
is jeopardizing the success of our
aeroplane program, whose immediate
execution is absolutely essential for
the successful prosecution of our war
on the French front."
Let us examine Mr. Bruere's warn
ing. To win the war which the I.
W. W. have nought to prevent the De
partment of Justice should reverse its
attitude toward the indicted I. W. W.
leaden from cne of alleged "hostility"
to w hat? Does Mr. I mere mean that
the Department of Justice, instead of
conducting a prosecution as it would
against any other person or group of
persens accused of crime, should
adopt the viewpoint that the I. W. W.
as a special class, must not be held
for expressions and acts because exist-
ing soc ial conditions ar not ideal? a revolution in uotn countries, accuiu
Does Mr. Bruere imply that the prose- ing to evidence produced in the trb-l
c ution against the I. W. W. leaders ;of the I. W. W. lenders in Chicago and
should be dropped, and that action de-1 quoted by Mr. Harrc. Their avowed
manding punishment for expressed policy of opposing the war. and corn
opposition to the war, for strikes which ' mission of ac ts deliberately desizncrl
aimed to thwart the conduct of the I to thwart the progre ss of the war, car-u-ur
thrvnlil instead he taken asrainst 1 r'ed to an extreme realization, says
ber districts and munition plants in tons to that of Russia. In that t.ie
whic h these strikes oc curred as t "re 1 1. W. W. and German agents here
men primarily guilty because they rep- i work to the same end "
resent a svstc-m which is not Utopian i German Government Ordered Recruit
In the trial at Chicago the I. W. Ws ing of Anarchistic Malcontents
were stern I v reprimanded bv Judge! "Before the United States entered
K. M. Landis for trying to intimidate , the war, what was of utmost military
and practice sabotage upon the court importance to Germany was Hie dc
and jurv. In anv ge neral trial the im-; strnction of arms, muitnms. t.-od and
plication that the government was r;n-
ducting a biased, unfair and "hostile"
prosecution would not be tolerated.
Contempt of court is held a "Prions
crime Vd It seems that when 1. W.
W's or harebraine d radicals are called
to answer at the court of justice for
War;
in
their rash acts, aspersions may freely
and with impunity be cast upon the
courts, tho carriage of justice and the
agencies of government itself. What
is meant when the committee signing
the appeal for raising a defense fund
declares: "They (the indicted I. W.
W. leaders) are at least entitled to a
fair trial and an open-minded public
hearing?"
Do the signers imply that the De
partment of Justice w ill prevent "a fair
trial and an open-minded public hear
ing?" "It is for American liberals," the ap'
peal continues, "to make it financially
possible for the defense to present ful
ly the industrial evils underlying the
I. W. W. revolt against intolerable con-
dittens oi lanor.
These indicted I. W. W. leadars are
charged with specific disloyal if not
treasonable utterances and of acts
seeking tc impede the conduct of the
war. But. as the appeal for a fund
conveys, they are to ofter. defense on
the grcund that the underlying indus
trial evils absolve them of all personal
culpability and render them as virgin
ally innocent and guiltless as new-born
babes. When Mr. Bruere implies that
the "uncompromising hostility" of the
Department of Justice "is jeopardizing
the success of our aeroplane program''
it seems that he comes dangerously
near to what Judge Landis designated
as an "effort to practice sabotage on
court and jury." In fact, Mr.
Bruere's words may be read in the
light of a threat. To follow his Tne of
reasoning, the government must
change its attitude toward men ac-
r-u.-,cd of seditious conspiracy .to one
c' EVV cet sympathy and must """J ' t
lla pro-secuuuii wim raiBuu mum-
inating understanding of "the mtolera-,
b'e conditions" which inspire, and pre-,
sumamy jusuiy. ir.e commission ui
HCIS OL rctuu. uuill w isp Lite sm.-
cessful prosecution of our war on the
French front" may be jeopardized!
One is inclined to ask where the dar
ing of these eddities of intellenualism
radicalism and pacifism w ill stop.
It was 'intellectuals of the same
kidney who prepared the Russian peo
ple for the advent of Lenine and Trot
zky and brought Russia to her undo
ing. And 'the same species have gone
far toward undermining Italy and
France and in making menacing in
roads in England. One is inclined to
ask to what limits they will go in the
United States before the indignation
of an aroused citizenship, comprehend
ing what American Bolshevism means,
calls a halt.
Germany Enlisted AiC of Destructive
Forces From Beginning of World
Conflict
Mr. Harre, in his brochure, alleges
that the identical sabotage program of
the I. W. W. the organization which
the "intellectuals" referred to are now
defending was adopted and has been
assiduously carried out by agents of
the kaiser in the United States. Ac
cording to Mr. Harre. the methods and
acts of German spies and agents par
allel the methods and acts of I. W.
W'b, both of which have been designed
directly and Indirectly to hinder Am
erica's military preparations and ren
der the nation impotent in its war
against Germany.
Even before the European war broke
out. according to a German official
communication quoted by Mr. Harre,
the Imperial Government sought to i
learn the methods of sabotage employ
ed by anarchistic labor in this country,
and after the outbreak of the war in
Europe it instructed ("apt. von Papen
to enlist the aid of these same destrn;
tive forces to destroy munition pl.int.4
and prevent the sailing of ships. Since
the United States entered the war
both the I. W. W. and German agents
have worked along the same lines, us
ing the same methods, to the end cf
crippling of America in the war to the
advantage of Germany. Before the
Kerensky government was overthrown
in Russia the Russian BolshevikI en
eaced in a conspiracy with the I. W.
j W. in the United States to precipitat
I Mr. Harre. "would me an a fate anal')- i
military supplies ciesiiiii-u ier cut- .
lb s.
In a circular letter dated .Novem
ber IS. 1914. the Imperial Gentian Nav
al Headquarter onler'cl mobilized
"all c o;ilro!!l:ig agents and .ill v'stro -live
agents who are cnerseas in ports
win-re vessels carrying war materials
are loaded in England, France. Canada
thp United States anu uussia.- lie
organize expicsn us on si.ips s.in
ing to enemy ccuntnes, ana to produce
d,dU and contusion in the sailing and
i ,l ,t .i.pe shirs
""wiih h in Si we particu-
i.. .. -l.nH to vour att.ntinn th- '
-f . '
deck hands, among whom are to be I
found a great
number of anarchists
ant- escaped criminals,' the order con
tinued. ! "in a letter of instruction to n.'.litarv
;i agents in the I'nited States ilater Jan-1
J'uary 15, 1915, and signed by Dr. h.
'Fischer, Councillor General of the Im-
! :1 ....... .. A rmv Imv t nit ij.Tia uori
given concerning the destruction or
property in United States territory
'Agents to carry on destructive work,'
the order read. ..'can be recruited
ministers and consuls, stated
"There have been established
within the territory of the country
where you are special bureaus for
the organization of propaganda in
the countries that are in the war
coalition against Germany. The
propaganda will have for its object
the inception of social movements
accompanied by strikes, revolution
ary explosions, 'separation move
ments and civil war, as well as an
agitation in favor of disarmament
and the cessation of the present
bloody war.'
"The Berlin government, as reveai
ed in secret cablegrams, sent by the
German Foreign Office to von Bern
storff, instructed the Ambassador to
arrange for the destruction of Canad
ian railroads and for sabotage in the
United States. 'In the United States.'
the instructions read, 'sabotage can
be carried out in every kind of factory
for supplying munitions of war.'
"It was in line with these instruc
tions from Berlin, that on Paper.
and Boy-Ed from the very beginning
established' connections with anarch
ists and the revolutionary elements of
labor. Under Paul Koenig, Hamburg-
American Secret Service chief and j
aide to von Papen and Boy-Ed, were
organized agents to destroy munition
plants, blow up railroad bridges, fo
ment strikes, place bombs on ships,
commit all forms of sabotage, as well
, .trinir l in Itf lllJIMJrill HH I II H I Mil' ihai.iw ...... ......
onera-ions be conducted through the I murdered trainmen. Men wuo cannoi : hbery and American womannocu may
ai of third persons having no on produce the red .. W. W. card ar, j be -ale are ca.led-.a a mono.,
with the official agent of the govern-' Habitually thrown from moving trains j v.i a branch i. . . meeiaing at Au
ern'asenu llJZZ -! or carried to the end of the train and ! gusta. Kansas. May i'D. 1917-a Buna
' . ... ,. ., . , Li,.L..,l ,,ff uhil.. Il.u ti-nin ic moviiiL' : ,)l I'OlelHKU AlUruerers.
i eel "to
th, Uinfk i n OfTl Cfl' ft Union Which I ' . .... 1 n.ir..n...l, '.it,- In i.i.
,"" i inecoiiKiiuNi aim puii"tij - '- i MffPiiis and I W W fanatic-
-have anarchistic tendencies. ' bor Mlom.r than the standard leng'h t t S frightful explosion he
j -A circular letter dated February 2?, Thev vont the nMnK f try8 bv e" ' p',m r iV-rara h a nw
1915. from the Director of the Press at ,)rat:ticing 8abotage in planting. - "U"k"
the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in Ber- and reapillK by driving away work-; k8- " Can only ask-
lin to all the German ambassadors. c and by destroying crops in the 'J:, "Lies or
( ministers anu consuls, smieu: i .
as obtain information of military value J hindering the mining cf minerals, es
to Germany. Boy-Ed. according to e i- j pecially copper, essential for the con-
dence obtained by the Government, is
believed to have spent $750,000 an.i
von Piipen more than $2,000,000. The
von Igel papers seized by lite Deparr-1
ment of Justice revealed a fund of
$20,000,000 upon which,German agentj
and spies could draw.'
"While the publicity- branch of th-:
German propaganda instituted by Dr .
Bernhard Dernburg and directed sec
retly by William Bayard Hale en
deavored by covert and conning meth
ods, and through subsidized apparen
, American .organisations, to work
American sentiment up to such a pncii
that u wonl,i demand an embargo o-i
lne sn.:praents 0f arms and war sup-
pljes tQ tne Ames lne secret service
branch of Germftn activity under vo:i
Papen at the same time undertook .o
achieve the same result by the meth
ods of the I. W. W. Munition plants
were destroyed, ships- blown up and
numberless lives lost. Germany, em
ploying anarchistic malcontents,
waged war against us within the ecu
fines of our own shores.
"And that continues to this day.
Simultaneous with furthering pacifist
propaganda through radicals and t;i.
Socialist party. German agents, accord
ing to Federal authorities, since the.
United States entered the war hava
carried on a systematic campaign of
sabotage for the destruction of war
supplies and the hampering of the war
work of the uatiou. Among the I. W.
W., whose ultimate objects are pre
cisely the same as the Russian Bol
shevik!, and the dissatisfied and
vicious, German agents. Government
officials declare, have found conven
ient instruments for the continuance
of their fell work in the United Sattes.
Anticipated Germany in Acts of
Terrorism
"Uv their verv nhilosopry and avow -
ed purposes the I. W. W.. like the be-
desfened to fur -
ther the cause cf imperial Germany.! -Upon the Imperial German Gov
Long before Germany sought to para-! ei nmc nt w hich made this war the f
lvze the world with frightfulness. Hie W. W. leaders cast no blame. Thr
I. W. W. anticipated ninny of the metn
ods of the swine-hearted Iiuns. What
the I. W. W. have done, and brazenly
propose to continue, would hardly be
A. S. HAWKINS Democratic Candidate for Attorney General
I .im a candidate for Attorney General cf the State, subject to the
action of the Democratic Primary. As such candidate, 1 invite the
most careful inquiry as to my qualifications. I have practiced law
more than twenty-eiht yeais, about twenty-one years in Teas and
this is mv seventh year in I'lioetiix, Arizona.
If elected At'.c .rney General my opinions would be of a quasi judi
cial nature, free from" politic al bias cf any kind and uninfluenced by
the hope of reward or the fear of punishment. I wrt.ld be guided alone
bv mv understanding of the law as I saw lit ami woitl ! announce it
just like I would look at the clock and announce the time of day.
When requested, I would cheerfully and treely assist all ofti tals
in interpreting and enforcing the law of this state and 1 would en
deavor to see that my official utte rances were so carefully, s-obeily.
thoughtfully ami conscientiously considered and expn.-eil as to com
mand .the respe c t of the benc h and
I "t,l iiir!v for law and
laws, including prohibition. 1 have
Biographical
Mr. Hawkins was hern in Kan'li'i
County. Texas, in 1 .S. He is the
son of Reverend S. J. Hawkins, de
ceased, cf North Texas, and Mrs-.
K. M. Hawkins, nw- of Austin.
Texas, and is ; nephew of cx-Gev-ernor
Alt 'n liavkinx. of Tennesse e
His trot her. Win. K. liav, kiris. is
htrviui; his scco: el tinu as c judc
of tile Siipie :-.!" Court c-l TiNa.
Press Comments
The I'l-.o: ,t!x .Mov-eT-i-r
!;h. 1"!V sas:
.lud-p H i 1. !'i h -iroit i
introduction 1 1 the voter
of M.iy
Lelieveil of the most debased savages.
Thev have taKen possession of ra1'
. "
lu.n.l'uP II Cl.ridij inuir 1111 ri 1H
'... -- ......... , . ........ ,
gather .n overwhelming numbers to.,rom .Seattle. Washington. August -'.
overawe and lenity small eommuni. ; unT. James Rowan. lor -the Strike
Th.y have surrounded com ! to,,,,,,' declared: -We have the
houses and pat Ke.l court rooms to pr--! g00d will of the German people here,
t!'; rria8e f justie, or to force
11 1 ., '
; jo uiaciv.iiaii ui- f"" t-n.iin.-iu uii-t
I imperil its conduct ot ;he war. they
! have fomented strikes in industries:
vitally essential in the making and i
Mipply of war materials. They haw lrv ou the Pacific Coast. We did not
started forest fires, e: pe( ially in for- declare War and we have not cousent
ests of spruce, the wood of whic h is i ,(0 the working-man giving up his
especially useu in uie nianwB oi u.-.u-j
planes. They drive axes, pieces oi
steel and iron into logs with the pur
pose of breaking band saws and jeop
ardizing the lives of null employee-
lt'Ifl. in Hie HIirH, rnin. aitu
. . l I f ,w.Ir an.l t hum J I
The diabolic ingenu. ty pnu tlt-ed
tne laiiHiics is niu.iLmim j ...... ,
tine nhosporus
balls in snocKs oi
wheat, in bales of hay and in barns
containing these and other farm pro
ducts. While the nation is practicing
economy so that the armies in Europe
may be fed. these malcontents have
been engaged in destroying that which
is essential for victory in the war.
"They have destroyed harvesting
machinery by dropping sticks of woou.
tools, nails and pieces of metal into
the runn.ng parts and have jeopard
ized the lives of workers by placing
dvnainite in sheaves of wheat. The
brutal deviltry of the Germans in de
stroying, with no excuse of military
advantage, the orchards of northern
France has been paralleled in this
country by the I. W. W.'s Digging
away the earth at the base of fruit
trees, they drive copper nails into
the trunks. Throughout the west splen
did orchards of piinie, mature truit
bearing trees have thus been wanton
ly destroyed. They plant trees upside
down, shock grain with the heads
down, hoe ut potato vines instead of
weeds, and bruise apples and othr j
fruit in packing. Where- they fail to i
provoke strikes in mines, they endeav-
or to make operation impossible dv i
destroying mining machinery. They
hae been especially active to the di-1
rect advantage of Germany :n thns ,
duct ol the- war. I ney missenci t
freight, especially perishable gootU j
I misplace signal lights on railroads and j
put emery dust or sand in journal !
I boxes. They remove nuts from care-!
. fully adjusted machinery. In hotels '
and restaurants they put foreign sub-1
I stances in food. The country has re-'
' cently been stirred by the finding of
ground glass in candy and bread, and
it is a question whether this has been
done by German agents or the mem
bers of the 1. W. W.
Boasted of German Friendship
"In their opposition to the war the
I. W. W. have been daringly outspok-1
en. "Anyone with good sense, sa'd
the I. W. W. paper. Solidarity, in its
issue of August 25, 1917. "now objects
to being told that Czar Wilson is word
ing for the interests of the working
classes in trying to force them against
their wills into the bloody European t
slaughter test.' American troops are j
being sent to France, according to i
Haywood's paper, 'to collect Wall i
Street's war debts and to save the?
se-is for the tyrannical British Vm- j
P're-' . - .-
"In an article opposing conscription j
printed in Solidarity of May 12. 1917. j
the I. W. W. declared: j
"'We consider the bombast'c and I
far-fetching talk about Freedom and I
Democracy simply so much bunk. . . .
Had we the power we would stop ev-
ery ship, train, mine and mill, every
food and supply plant every wheel of j
industry, and thus paralyze the ma-j
chinery of murder and make it impos-1
sible for the ignorant man-killers of;
the bosses to gather their toll of the i
life" blood of foreign slavers. We would t
extend the hand of brotherhood to the
8o-cal!ed enemy and strangle the gur-1
ale for war in the fat white throats of :
, the
blood bloated money-tenaers oi ;
.. . .
j Wall
1 late.'
street before it became articu-
hosts which have been swept forward
by the German military machine in It.;
las toftensive constitute merely a 'scv
ci'lled enemy.' The American boys
bar ot nils Ma.e.
order, for tne cnlor-
m. nt of all
wcrked for prohibition all my
He,
state-, as his :.plenil!d tahnt lies
be.en utilized in be'ialf of Liberty
hi il ls and on tit tit r c e-e asions be
fore audit n.cs 'ti ne arly every patt
of tht! state. He is an able lawyer,
a man of clean habits and faultless
private lne. He came it) Ariz.e-c.i
about seven tears age from the
st ite of Texas, vv lie re lie w as know n
as one- of the foremost law vers of
tual staie. 'u, vim: i. iniel u i e-l many
notable rasi-s. lie- served it' b.t h
lu imhcs eq the Texas le-gtsl.itnre
ami has alw.tvs taken an active part
in polities, beit.j an tnrcmpi etmis-
i;r:
; I lemeicra t
t ai i'ld .'udne- li e" kins reretve
nc'iiMi.e'ioii. lo .v..u!e mike ;i
iei race, anil, vv hem electee!, the
who are going biavely forth to figii:,
ami make the utmost saeritloe it neeu-
homes, American
.,,.. I
t ritillW Irt VY 1 1 1 IM Til II li:iWUtllI
andwe tee I .ure that they are in synv
uul
inem uermaiis, However, uui reier to
.nenl the ..anU! a others, as Fellow
Workers. We are going to carry our
j..,inS if v.e have to stop every Indus-
hi,,., ties and being dratted."
"So identical are their acts and
methods, so parallel their diabolical
program, that it is impossible to dis
tinguish between the war acts of Ger-
- -
. . ... ... . ...
have brazenly declared their opposd-
tion to the war and have flagrantly
confessed their will and purpose to
hinder the war by every species of
sabotage and crime. The only differ
ence between the I. W. W. and Geiman
spies in their activities is one of im
mediate purpose. The I. W. W.'a would
take advantage of the time of war to
paralyze our activities, render us im
potent, cause revolution and destroy
the Government. The Immediate pur
pose of German agents and spies is to
hinder war work, destroy munitions
and transport ships in order to pre
vent our taking any effective part, in
the war so that Germany might be vic
torious. Carried to its extreme real
ization, the I. W. W. object of estab
lishing Bolshevikism in America
would mean a fate analogous to that1 Output xt Miami Copper company
of defeated, plundered German-ridden for May was 5.000 .000 pounds.
NOTICE
to conditions
- at lnrr
obliged to curtail our delivery service as per the follow
ing schedule, which will become effective Monday, July
8. 1918.
MONDAY, WEDNESDAY AND FRIDAY
AFTERNOONS
TO High Road on Mason Hill, Quality Hill, Clawson
Hill, Temby Avenue, School Hill. Tank Hill. Bro
chy Avenue, Castle Rock and Tombstone Canyon
to Castle Rock.
WEDNESDAY AND FRIDAY
MORNINGS
TO Brewery Gulch and O. K. Street.
TUESDAY, THURSDAY AND SATURDAY
MORNINGS
TO Laundry Hill. Bailey Hill, School Hill and High
Road on School Hill; Tombstone Canyon from
Laundry to Locklin Avenue; Opera Drive; Miller
Hill; Locklin Avenue; Wood Canyon; Upper
Tombstone Canyon.
TUESDAY, THURSDAY AND SATURDAY
AFTERNOONS
TO Higrins Hill, Ma3on Hill. Quarry Canyon and
C. & A. Hill.
TUESDAY AND THURSDAY
AFTERNOONS
TO Naco Road, Dubacher Canyon, Jones Hill and
Lower Naco Road.
DELIVERIES WILL ONLY BE MADE ON DAYS
SPECIFIED
I
I
and if elected Attorney General that office shall be bone ury w.iue
1 bold it. I do not and shall not use l:eiuor myself nor permit my
assistants to use it.
During war times, as well as durirg all other times, the lesal
advisors of a state should keep sober. I shall net violate the prc.'ubi
tieti law in any way myself, or ento.uage or patronize others who
violate It. but on the contrary, by txam"!e as well as hy precept. I
shall do my utmost te make this law a blessing to this great state.
If elec ted. 1 will use my best efforts at all times to secure and
preserve a better feeling be' ween lah.-r and capital, to the end that
each may rea-'t its maximum of efficiency in developing the wonderful
resources of this great state and in helping to win this great war wrged
in behalf of humanity. We can. we must, we shiill win this war at any
and all costs, and if necessary to win it. we will float the Amnrican
Hag over the imperial palace at l'.erl;n.
Respectfully.
A. S. HAWKINS.
stars would be sale under his le gal
guielatie-e.
"His life-time has been spent in
the study anil pine-tire cet law. and
he now has a good clientage
throughout the state. Juelce Haw
kins is about feel years of age. niar
rie el. ami makes his home- in Pho.'
nix. where he has considerable
property.
The Mohave County Miner saiel:
Kolhtw ing eauie the Klks' Hall
Jii'lite Paul C. Tnorpe presielinc.
who introduced the speaker of the
day. Judue A S. Hawkins, who
maile one- if the most stirring ael
dresses that wo have heard in re
cent veil-, .uui T t t noteiv ot f !i v
tae-t that following his remarks at
Russia. In that the I. W. W. and Ger
mans woik toward the same end.
"To consider the I. W. W. seriously
as a political power is preposterous
as well admit the possibility of sane
and reasonable American public opin
ion being Bolshevikized. As an agency
of destruction in time of war, how-
.vor i w w runst ituto mn.
.v. no i8H effective than
' ' f
tlle cou"fless mousaua secret agen.s
.'paredT'lne tZ ZZic"
rers tonipareu to tne great patriotic
-v-w .
power for hindering our part in tiie
war. and thus prolonging the agony
is incalculable. Both the I. Vi. W. s
and German malefactors in their belief
tnd acts are opposed to tha Govern
ment and people of the United States,
and are friendly to the world's fell
foe. As such both must be detected
and stamped out; made Impotent or ut
terly destroyed."
WHOLE FAMILY SICK
"Ail of my six brothers and sisters
as well as myself, have suffered
since childhood from stomach and
liver trouble and bloating. I thought
it ran in the family and that I could
never be cured, but, thanks to
Mayr's Wonderful Remedy, since
taking it nearly a year ago I have
been enjoying the best of health
and feel like a new person. I have
no trouble from anything I eat."
It is a simply, harmless preparation
that removes the catarrhal mucus
from the intestinal tract and allays
the inflammation which causes prac
tically all stomach, liver and intes
tinal ailments, including . appendi
citis. One dose will convince or
money refunded.
For sale by Bisbee Drug Co.. Lowell
Drug Co., in Lowell, and druggists ev
erywhere. Reported o.'fer of $50.0'0 has been,
made for lease North Star mine at
Tucson. it,
beyond our control we are
the c lose c f the nn-etins nearly all
present availed themselves of an
opportunity to suhsc rilee for a Lib
erty bend. In support of the ardent
manner iu which Judge Hawkins
appealed to the people we will
quote one of the prominent citii'ns
of Oatnian. at w hich place he siok
Satunlav evening. He said: 'That
if JueUe- Hawkins woulel make one
more speech in Oatman. be be
lieved that he could elouble the
amount ot the Liberty loan suh
scriptitin.' Such was this man's
opinion of Juelge Hawkins, ami we
are certain that it is the opinion of
all of the peonle of this section who
were fortunate enough to hear
lmn."
-Adv. SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JULY 7, 1918.
m
I li
S3
id
1:4
in.
Is.
, j
"2
1
us
1
5
W
E
Buy Thrift Stamps Now, Often
and Freely and Help
Win the War We Sell Them
124
U. S. Food Administration License Number G-13942
Save for Yourself Invest the
Savings in W. S. S.
For Your Government
Afternoon Dresses
Greatly Reduced
Their outstanding chaarcteristics are their
unusual becoming styles and their low prices
for this season of the year. . They are in the
daintiest colorings of peach, nile, maize and,.
KnrV Silver and eold laces add to the,
beauty of these dresses.
-V I
$28.50 Value
$33.50 Value
$35.00 Value
$45.00 Value
$50.00 Value
$65.00 Value
$21.50
24.50
26.25
33.75
.... .. 37.50
45.75
Wool and Fiber
Sleeveless Coats at
Special Reductions
These sleeveless fiber and wool sport coats
will prove among the most stylish and indis
pensable of summer wardrobe essentials.
They may be selected from an alluring array
of colors, in both open and closed front
styles.
$10.95 Value, special at ..$ 7.95
$11.95 Value, special at 8.95
$16.50 Value, special at 12.50
$20.00 Value, special at 14.85
.Jt.
fit
.1 it .,
July Sale of Feminine Wearing Apparel
This is the time of the year when new clothes are needed in every woman's wardrobe and the tempting
inducements we present in this generous list will appeal to the most economical. Qualities are surpris
ingly good. Assortments are remarkaby complete and pleasingly varied. Prices are so modest that no
one would think this merchandise was being offerred in strenuous war times. Every single item below
is worth your early attention. .
From France comes the report that Just before the terrific Ger
man drive on the West Front, every soldier was equipped with a
new uniform. This at a time when Germany's resources were
strained, to provide over a million uniforms! How well their
commanders knew the Incentive of new clothes! You who might
possibly believe that making old clothes do for this summer is a
THE PHYSICOLOGY OF CLOTHES
patriotic art, should consider how much more pleasing attire has
to do with personal ambition and courageousness. Attractive,
servicable summer clothes that make you feel more efficient and
more cheerful, capable of greater effort on behalf of our govern
ment, are patriotic clothes indeed. And the place to buy them
,is here at these special sale prices.
Evening Dresses
Specially Priced
Women will take particular delight in wear
ing such delightful dresses as these. Every
one made in the prevailing modes for sum
mer wear. Each trimmed in some dis
tinguished manner. These are points that
make them so desirable for every possible
summer requirement.
$25.00 Value - $14.50
$37.50 Value 19.50
A Sale of
Summer Coats
The prices quoted here offer the opportunity
to secure just the coat you want for a very
small price. They are tailored of fine serges,
wool velours, jerseys, and summer mixtures
in all the most wanted shades.
$15.00 Value, special $11.25
$20.00 Value, special 14.95
$21.50 Value, special 16.00
$22.50 Value, special 16.95
$24.50 Value, special 18.25
$13.50 Value, special 10.00
$17.50 Value, special 13.50
$35.00 Value, special 26.25
$37.50 Value, special 28.50
$53.50 Value, special. 39.95
Some Blouse Values
That Encourage Economy
So pronounced is the
.vogue of the blouse that
every woman will want
several models of each
,type; dressy, tailored and
for sports wear. To meet
this demand satisfactorily
as to style and quality and
at savings that are sure to
interest the thrifty, we
present a collection of
especially selected models
at remarkable prices.
Georgette crepe, wash and satins, and striped silks with
fillet lace edge and hand Embroidered.
$ 8.50 Values, special at: $ 4.25
.
The Most Stylish Summer
Suits for Women at One-Fourth OIF
They are desirable to you in every way and the only reason for our offering
them at reduced prices is that the assortments are broken. The sizes you want
are surely here in the qualities you usually buy, but you are not accustomed
to buying such splendid garments at present prices. Naturally the heavy sell
ing during the past few weeks has left us with many odd garments.
$18.50 Suit, special $13.95
$26.50 Suit, special 19.95
$32.50 Suit, special 24.00
$35.00 Suit, special 26.25
$40.00 Suit, special...... 29.95
$43.50 Suit, special 32.75
$46.50 .Suit, special.
$34.75
$52.00 Suit, special 39.00
$59.00 Suit, special 44.25
$63.00 Suit, special 47.75
$69.50 Suit, special 25.25
$85.00 Suit, special. 63.75
Special Lot of Trimmed Millinery
at One-Half Price
The extraordinarily low
prices we are quoting
make them bargains, so
exceptionally fine, that
women and misses cannot
seem to resist purchasing
them. However, the as
sortment we still have on
hand include styles and
shapes to meet the partic
ular tastes of all of you.
Get yours now at half
price.
MIL M .
NX, rSi y ivv7'
$ 8.95 Values at $4.50
$10.00 Values at 5.00
$ 9.00 Values at 4.50
$10.95 Values at 5.50
$12.50 Values at 6.25
$25.00 Values at 12.50
$ 4.50 Fashionable Blouses, special.-. 2.95
Specially Priced Silk Kimonas
Japanese silk kimonos with cap attached, values to
$6.50 for $2.95
Values to $8.95, special 4.50
Silk kimonos in floral patterns with elastic belts and
fancy lace collars a large variety of colors and designs in
sizes to 46.
$4.95 to $6.00 Values, special at. $2.95
$6.95 to $7.50 Values, special at .. 4.95
$ 9.00 Values, special at 5.95
$15.00 Values, special at 7.95
Some Very Interesting Specials From Our Dry Goods Department
FOULARD SILKS
These much wanted silks in fashion's
newest patterns can be had now at
these greatly reduced prices.
$1.50 Values, the yard..... $ .95
$2.00 Values, the yard.. 1.29
ELEGANT 36-INCH VOILES
69c A YARD
Make the daintiest summer dresses
they are the very best voiles we have
in stock in dark and light patterns that
sell regularly for $1.00 a yard now
on sale at 69c a yard.
WOMEN'S MUSLIN UNDERWEAR IN 8TOUTS
We are showing an exceptional line of women's
muslin undergarments In stout sizes including
gowns, petticoats, envelope chemises, drawers,
etc. The waist bands are ail fitted no excess
fullness or gathers.
FINE MADRAS SHIRTING,
, 45c A YARD
jAn extra good quality that will stand
good hard service, the patterns are ex
clusive in design the colors are fast.
If you make shirts for the family don't
fail to purchase from this assortment.
Special at the yard, 45c.
Tissue Ginghams
A beautiful assortment of
plaids, worth 75c a yard, to
close out at the yard.
Special 49c
Monday Neckwear Specials-- Off
Your choice of our entire stock of women's neckwear in
cluding silk, Georgette crepe and organdie collars, at one
fourth the regular price. .
Moderately Priced Ginghams
A visit to our 'gingham department will prove
interesting to anyone looking for inexpensive
materials for school dresses the choicest qual
ities at prices far below what they are really
worth. - We would suggest that you buy your
gingham supply now for they will surely cost
more in a short while.
Priced from 20c to 50c Yd.
mm
Surround Your Family With the Comforts of a Well-Furnished Home-Summer Furniture, Oil Stoves; Refrigerators
pine Showing of Summer Furniture
Our showing of summer furniture is at it's best now
every piece looks so new, fresh and bright. This furniture
will give the most cozy, cool appearance to any room or
stMriA.-w-'c. ' v-jw porch." All of it comes
- from well known deal-
"t -tii
i ... -,. .,r ' 1 h w
ers and is made of fibre,
reed and wicker. The
touch of color is given
them by the judicious
use of pretty cretonnes.
,This is an excellent
time to add to your
present collection or to
supply yourself with
complete suits, for
our prices are very
moderate for these
times.
Rich Looking
Summer Rugs
Rich looking ' rugs make rich lookinp
houses. If you want your home to
appear more handsome than it has ever
appeared before, decorate your floors
with one or two of our rugs. We have
them in colors and "designs from which
you can easily make a selection to se
cure any color scheme you have in
mind. Just come in and take a glance
at them.
EAT POTATOES
WHrAl Uf
Oil Cook Stoves
Make Comfortable Kitchens
Food crisp, fragrant and delicious
and without burning up your strength.
Perfect combustion and perfect flames
control that's the secret. The New
Perfection Long Blue Chimney gives
it to you. No soot, no odors, no fuss
ing, the different oil cook stove. The
flame is always visible, and it stays
where you put it. A new and exclusive feature,
the heversable glass reservoir, makes this stove
better than ever before. ,
FOOD MIL WIN
TUB
Refrigerators and Ice Boxes
Prices Range from $7.50 to $10.00
A good refrigerator is not a luxury it is as necessary as
good food it is a saver of food, time, labor and money
GOOD
In buvine a OUUU re
frigerator you are buying
the best in kitchen equip
ment. By keeping food
fresh you are not only
safeguarding your health,
but at the same time lend
ing your services to your
government in the conser
vation of food. Come
now, while our lines are
still complete. Our easy
terms make it convenient
to own one.
4; - ft A
1
2
m
m
mm
USX