mwb
WEATHER.
ARIZONA: S.mir!.iv
fair: cooler cs-t por
tion: Sundav fair.
MARKETS.
Government Price of
Copper, 3.50.
Associate! Press Special Leased Wire Service.
VOL 20. No. 180.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SATURDAY MORNING, JANUARY 5, 191&
PRICE FIVE CENTS
f .'
PRESIDENT ASKS
FDR GUARANTEES
UNDER FEDERAL
CONGRESS
TO ROADS !
MM
a w m m i i
"Victory Bun'9
(By Review Loased Wire.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 4 The
"Victory Bun- hkh la made aith
out sugar, requires but a small
percentage of vegetable oil and
which can be sold by bakers at a
profit of one cent each. U the lat
est medium for conserving iood to j
receive the consideration of the fed-
TV0 BILLION
1 1
nDAPDAM
r
eral food commission for Culifor- J:
uia.
The Inventor of the "Victory
Bun" is William E. Poty. a baker
of Miami. Ariz.. who conducted his i.
R-torjr nun experiments urnii-r !
the auspices of the Raisin Growers'
association of this state.
The "Victory Bun." according to
10
IUUIH1'I 10
PLANNED FOR
SHIPS 1 U. S.
Murder Suspect Apprehended
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 4. Barney Schiller was arrested in the
harbor district here today on telegraphic instruction from Tucson.
Arizona, which stated, act online to the police, that he was wanted In
connection iti a slaying that occurred there Peceniber 23rd. last.
TUCSON. Jan. 4. Burn. v. alia Blackie, Sihl'.W. i wanted here
by the police for alleged t-oenection alih the tnurdcr of CharW l.oeb,
proprietor of a pleasure resort un the tiutskirts of this city. Robbery
is bVlk-ved to have been the motive. The arrest of S. Ml'er bri'ifs In
to custody the last man wanted for tha crime. Butch Sunken. J.?
I'rjitt, a chauffeur, and Art Nelson, a policeman, beli? already iu cus
tody. Schiller had been sotght all ovrr the southwest.
PARLEY FOR
PEACE IS 10
Effort Will Be Made to Rush Legislation Through Congress.
Upposiuen as txpecled VTver rrovision vvnicn unim rea-; the formula submitted by Poty to p
.. . , ., i . t a Li 1 tne food commissioners' office, is ii
eralization of railroads to Any lime Agreeable to the Con- as foilows: ;
Enlarged Plans Revealed Be
fore
gress of the Nation. Wilson Speaks.
ij
House Committee I
When Shipping Organiza-I
lion Asks for Additional'
Appropriation.
Two pounds of water, one ounce i
of Rait, two pounds of wheat flour.
12 ounces of rye flour, four ounces
j of rice flour, two and one-halt t'
i ounces or yeast, one ar.d one-ha.f ;( , I
I pounds of seeded raisins, one ounce (By Review Leased Wire)
of etab:e oil and one-half tea- . NVASH:NUTON. Jan. 4.-Plans for'
spoon or cinnamon. K a to bi::icn do.lar government ship-;
i This recipe, according to Doty, v ,,,,,.,. r., rw..4 tn.i.-
wi!l make SO buns, the natu.al ' .. r i.. . . . I
Schiller's trail did not begin at Tucson, where he is alleged to have
been implicated in the murder of Charles l-oeb. Schiller was a resi
dent of Bisbee. during which time he worked at the Holbrook shaft.
With another man. some weeks ago, Sthilier stole a car. standing
in front of a residence in South Bisbee. The car and its occupants
were i raced along the Tucson road and the. men arrested near Vail
station, east of Tucson. When nearing Tucson Schiller jumped from
the car and made good his escape. The other man was returned to
Bis bee and is now awaiting the action of the superior court, having1
been he!a to answer to the charge of larceny.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
WASHINGTON, Jan. 4. Legislation to regulate the gov
ernment's operation of railroads and to guarantee the carriers
tr Ka:i of their p.verafe oreratin2 income
- - - - . ; mui Diane duds, me natu.ai '.. w; i i j
for the last three years was asked of congress today by Presi- sugar of the rasins lumping t:.e . authority fe6 i:ace j7tiot) !
..... , , ii .... ' dfrfM nmniM 1 . .... I ...
worth or aaarjjiai satp contracts.!
" - j m te same tinie art immediate appro-!
Ipriation of SS2.tKHk.4tu was asked ior
I the extension cf shipyards and for
providing housing facilities for work-!
j men. i
. Thus far the board has been au-!
I ON
DATE
3onDrD
it
OVERCOATS
BLOUSES STILL
NEEDED BY ARMY
dent Wilson in an address to both houses in joint session
Bills embodying his recommendations and carrying an ap
nrocriation of half a billion dollars as a "revolving fund"
were introduced immediately and an attempt will be made to .
rush them to prompt passage. ,
While the president's address met with general approval
anion? democrats and republicans alike, opposition is expect
ed to develop over a provision in the administration bill that
federal control shall continue after the war indefinitely or un-j
til consress orders, otherwise and over details of the compensa-1
tion basis.
Labor Problems Unsolved. c r i
rv " r i t a J .v- j, :ecretary Baker
tion of labor questions with the heads of the four railroad!
brotherhoods and finally decided to refer the brotherhoods j
pending demand for a general wage increase to an advisory j
board of four members to be appointed bv him in a few davs. i
This board will investigate all phases of the brotherhoods' de-1
rnands. ard recommend a course to Mr. McAdoo. His deci-l
tion will be effective as to wages from January 1 st.
SWEEPING POWER
VESTED IN HEADS
WATER POWER IS
I oiinirnT nr i mr
mm ur law
No Word is Received in En
tente Countries of Resump
tion of Peace Conference
Between Huns and Russ.
AND
OfARiY AND NAVY
URGED BY WILSON
i,
ISSSLS r,r tTm 5oV:R f AA" Hetcheri President Asks That Legisla-
j which have been awarded. Today's!
i request for a further authoriiation j
and an additional appropriation brings
the estimates of fucds needed fori
shipbilding to i:.PlS.t 00.000. If thej
additional funds are made available i
ithey will be put largely into fabrtcat j
ea sieei snip contracts, aunougn some;
and General Sibert Indicate
the Authority Had By
American Commanders !
Abroad.
KeportS to j contracts for ordinary steel ships will;
c . -r. f ; te let as will a. few for wooden snips,
senate Miuiiarjr vouui.iui-con ,he Pacinc coa,t.
( By Review Leased Wlrel
WASHINGTON. Jan. 4. Further
tion Which Would Further I
Development of Waste,
Power be Passed in Con-j
gress.
That Shortages Have Been
Greatly Reduced.
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. Jsn. 4. President 1
, uson laid before a conference of i
WASHINGTON. Jan. 4. Overcoat I ?ia on tne ,ask of Providing mater-
shortages at national guard and na-!'"1- '
. . The board s housing plans call for
KH).00.
tional army training camps were re-:
TU ..11 -f f- ImmoUulir nnlv K iArr. tmiimU m..i aa m t i',mn tic.nr.! the expenditure of about J35,'.
. . . . , . , , , , ' c,,t.r Ravr I The remainder of the S2.0W.W0 asked
1 1 . r
. . i i i j w nrwi Ul 1 v-v-utjiv luiilLirr ik
rh h.AsrH Teh fahricatinz vards have --,. . - v. ,u v.o uuu.-,... . ,ar,9 ivuim mo uraii ot a;
ccntu' Jr arwo shins now i ,a chief of lhe American naval and bill designed to establish definite leg-i
w?ich will ,0rCeS ,a EurP b'9 bn!,sIlve Volky to develop the national
Btoed into 719 hut he bard U disc,osed tn tn" re- water power. 35.000.000 horsepower of i
pioea into 1319. out ine ooaro is ,n ,,,, ,.! .k,tk i.. , v I
anxious to pmce more roniraccs ana , ,.-in. n.i,.i rnn,i. u- . ., . !
Head or tne navai department in result of the conference was a plan
French waters, and Major General to create a special committee of the
William L, Sibert. who commanded house to take over all Jurisdiction of!
the first American troops ent to waterpower problems now dealt with
P110- by various committees and to pass
Confirmation was given today to re- the president's bill promptly in the
ports that Admiral Fletcher had been house and send it to the senate with
replaced by Rear Admiral Wilson be- tDe administration's support behind It.
cause Vice Admiral Sims felt that the
ci uic urtuicinowjs, vix- i-tu iarus i in a further response today to thej"1 b us"' lo expana snipyaurs ai-
hy other classes of organized labor probablv will be handled senate military committee s resolution i rely built.
in the same way, Mn McAdoo reserving the right to makei"? Th seni?e mconTmittee in-
whatever decision he chooses without regard to recommenda- i Many of the camps are stia shcrt of ; vest;? at:ng the buil raiof ships tookj UttM. ofifr Ta better fitted for the
. c .u won' which me swr-rirj sum rn-' -k i parxiruMr outies imposea oy ine pot.
o , 1 , , , , , t i i i paftculariy hard to obtain. ; in letting contracts, wooden ships . Simi:i,r,v. it u understood, although
Such increases, both to the brotherhoods and to Other ran-! The report was based upon the wan construction and the subject of nous- t!,er, no formal announcement
WV labor, are generally considered certain. The direct or- i department's latest telegraphic ad-, ln - ; from the war department, that the re-
, ., . . .j vices from the division commanders, j Questioning ot Ttieooore ems. i ,nrn cf General Sibert was due to
general, m a Statement tomsrht. promised every employee that j Emergencv express shipments andj enief constructor for the emergency) Generai Pershing's conclusion that the
"his riehts and interests will be justly dealt with." and ap- local iurch.se, have been "hrid eet Witan. in n. " wduotu task of training a division in
llf . r i j r 'nd Mr- Bak1, expressed Use belief -a report by the cort-otaUou s district France could be performed better bv
pealed tor a hearty spirit Or enthusiasm and CO-operatlOn tromitaat by today "all the men are com-! of f iccr at Seattle, brought out that , tt,0jnpr oWcer. " I
rortame.- i""""- , Antlllea Sinkino the Causa.
n,V O-J f total rt "-SO OT-: of.N.w Yor' a,1?feJ 9 h; il The fact that Admiral Fletcher s re-
vutci vi uci i ercoats. t amp oeuregara neeaea lw.-i taineu proms uuuuniiui; iv ioj,w
every man.
Special orders were issued providing that 500 additional : S83- A deficiency of about 6S.o.o;on ship
contracts
, ill r . , 111 -r 11- uiu?r 9 wiriii-ri aiuuus 14 (iwis. ' uiuiiiu 1 wan uvi w f nf raw vara
and anthracite mines, mainly in Pennsylvania, for supplying:
New Eng'and.
Blame Placed.
I tiiame tor aeiay in lurnisning
1 garments waa placed by the secretary . Shipbuilding
1
THa m i.l ...1 V . t I
of his interest in water power legisla
tion and urent hope that both houses
would speedily enact the new measure
drawn by the Interior, war and ag
ricultural departments. He said tce
bill was designed to reconcile diver
gent views which have interfered with
necessary legialation.
Ferris Bill Followed. !
The bill follows closely the pro-:
visions of the Ferris bill which has
twice passed the house but hilled
when in fact the turn to await nBBnt duty, throueh opposition tn the senate.!
t pivi ma .um.uiuui.ui u u iiunK - tirTxcipauis in tne conrerence ex-
VI 1 . 1 I ... . . . . 1
cu-wciuea uo puoii- pressed tne view that with umned :
cation of reports that Investigation of house sunnort and with the stamn of !
favorable ac-i
was to be ex-;
ld.o.hevernmentat.of
1?";, lhhJ:h Pot Antilles with 7 Uvea foreshadow- iTthe senate'now'
n,M. .Ul ir . H-AJ-. ..:) . tmrf is'lv nnnn snnnlv hnt larrflv iirv-lm.-. hniliiinir fnr It. an,1 that it receiv-" . .5 .-, pectetli
1 iicc li! i.'viciro itntu mi. iiiuut iu i uAjnc: uiiLii i 1 ' r - -r - - i cosnPTiioa 01 laesp two uiciueuis. ( I
- tf rr- - 1 on tne transportation situation, snort- ed a ccmmission 01 kj,iw on cua- .TTia!nd rfflciallv todav how-
mnrrnw artion on eastern rviwnoyr rratfir rf final's rwnm- . . ..- was eiiainea cinciauy toaay. dow-
- jSKes snown in me report incrauea; lracis 11 omiuitM ironi mr i,m wir; wr tnat tnl dtion to replace
mrndations for curtailment of passeneer schedules, but he isf "ip Kearney. CaL, overcoats none: oration Tor 12 ships which the Sloan 1 FiWcher had been made by Admiral
. 1 . - j .1 r t 1 . r 1 t uiou!-s u.euj. c ui p do coreoraiion now is ouuuiut:.
exrrcted to issue orders then for abandonment of a number of : Mnila t-s- rmn xU vr- n-ni th.r k. h.d .nv
' Sims prior to the sinking of the trans-
- 1 a. AH.
it--.- r 1 it - . . . . . . . .. f"1 -
trams ana eiiminatisn OI parlor ana Sleeping cars to a great j uompnan. una., overcoats mouses , thing to do with tne contracts out sain; The qution reviewed by Admiral
extent
M
lr. Alc.-doo explained today that althoush no general i
prcvis'on can- be mad? under the law tor exempting railroad
none; vamp runsion. rvansas, over-ire .ntroouced oincers 01 me i. uncu-; Sins Jn aching his decision, it Is
, coats none; blouses 5.600. . f jJd company to Major General nBdrstood. had to do with the use
cmriloyees from the draft, he will not hesitate to appeal to
lrxal exemption boards to defer the calling of these workers
Bedding supplies were said to be
adqnate at all camps.
To meet the overcoat shortaee at
Camp BanrefSard. Syretary Baker
said. 22.300 had been expressed Pe- tion of wooden ships were outlined by
MmIA, l h III tf1.1 l.-n rf . MM,I T. . V. , ...k.ln. rt-f J
it the hoards ot their volition do not display a tendency to re- i shipment of 10.000 blouses to Camplcr r t, neet corporation and F.
rard the railroads as an essential industry from which em-1 ""l,., ' . w hAA " tn . i U Sanford. a member of the Southern
i i u . , , , ... J . Instructions have been sent to ! , pine emergence board. Mr. Bown ex-
pl03'ees Should not be taken tor military service. to obtain locally and immediately." pa'ned the fleet corporation's grant-
, - - - v ft . , ' u n :n. nimn inT nn rnnn nrmeni '
rv mi r.TM-iirivH 'ra,Ai . - - ' - -
1
n iiu auuj-oj i i icaiuciiL n uun. aniiuununu . mui one wnote nnuorm : in use sizes j
l 1TU IU
Ceorge W. Goethals, formerly general mnim ot tne limited number of dea-
manager cr the fleet corporaiain
Wood Ships Discussed.
Conditions affeetine the construc-
The president submitted to the con
ferees a report signed by Secretaries
Ijtne. Baker and Houston hich clos
ed with this statement:
"We believe that some such legisla
tion as is here proposed if enacted
would mean the early development of:
a considerable portion of our water
power resources with a resultant sav-!
tat. In fiivl and considerable lessen-'
irvjrra or raw cnu wsisom 10 con- lnc of y,. present demand on our,
voy work. The number has been great- transportation facilities caused bv the;
increased recently. j rao,in5 of ,nd other heavy fuels.- j
Pol rcy of Departments. i ... , . . . ..
Both the war and navy departments Wou,d L,"
face the necessity of framing a policy The bill provides for a commission,
to be followed with relation tn nubli- to be composed of the secretaries of
cation of the names of officers who war. interior and agriculture. It
may be relieved from responsible proposes tl lease the water power
Inr nf an increase in lumber prices . nosts for the nwl nf tho inlv TK '
a-htr.li w bKm. iM 1 . ; V. : ... . .... . .. i . ; ! . . . '
i - jj . r j T'-i ' .u umr, iii f-i.c -cu; and gja ne tnouKnt it was iuut jusw-i question Is said to be a delicate one
nis aaares to consress, resident Wilson, announcing man one whole uniform: to use sizes . ,k. f,t ni.t timber .k- nt i. -j
- 1 . tiT-ii au .-ftT w vi . i-riuor au7 uiui vi a luiuivTii iu
(Continued oh Page Three.)
his action in taking over the railroads, praised the way in ! f. , CDa I W , lnercmPs ! sizes were made larger. He said the, have proved unsatisfactory only tor Tr,f. TVnftno
whirr, ranroarl 4wt,V4.c wn f L 'C.l p"c,icab,f' nd to P1 garment sjzea werr. made so large that pine. very special and limited class of 2 (lllh6 1 TOOUS
wjuc.ii laniuau c.ciu;ivcs wtrni.io yvoik in an attempt to uniry makers to alter garments so as to fit' i. ...i.i , n.ske deliveries.: Hmu l
their li"es under private manasrement, but said the War emerz-: th(5T ml,1!oct necessary uniforms." hut thRt tne ocrtni ration expected to that it is hardly fair to announce that : Pin 1 F'FI i
.T J,JJ 1 . i t i S . Minor shortares of breeches and un-, hjive delivered from Oregon within they have been removed for ineflol-i MJUUjII IU
. v. 4.iii in iivn uvuiuo j 1 1 i y unuci viiv ui
vear at some rumps were report-1 j. t in rm-nish the - ;t n.i- urr vi:i,
ernment administration could absolutely unrestricted and un-1 ,nd "ith, th lnf"raa,ion ,hal hesvietimbers for 200 wooiien shirs, careers.
- Mmn MmmanitaM I. . a ku. ,nikA,. ... . i , ......... .
. u , rieivs in pine leiivenes were aiiri-i it is inaicaiea. nowever. tna wnere
j ed to secure garmerts from local mar-! butesl by Mr promn to some extent there is direct evidence of culpability
( kets. The sliort.ice or bouses at ; ot lhe ,hat huiiders. anxious to there will be no hesitation in publish
I Camp Kearney was said not to be ser- . ,, ,h. rornorations ad-. Inr names and such circumstances as
1 ious because of mild climate. . i.u .i m.nv keels milltsrv mni.lorti.-vn. win M.m
t 1 nnvTr iu"-i " u - . .- - ... . ......
instead of eoing aheid with the con-. There Is no case before either de-
embarrassed common use be mace of all lines and facilities.
He promised that "the common administration will be carried .
out with a little disturbance of the present operating oreani-
ZatlOn and personnel of the railwavs a rmaeiKU " r.A ..! Munitions Bill Intraduced.
, 1 ,1 1 . 1 . , ' , , Secretary Baker's report reached
K61" 3ui""-c S'vcn in n'S proclamation last Week that i the committee at the close of another,
owners of railroad securities should not suffer financial los!dy's 'nt of the army cloth-'
b t l . i r " : ing -situation, marked bv introduction
reuse of the rew plan of operation. . ;of bm8 tn both senate and house for
Business
After Holidays
WITH THE AMERICAN ARMY IN
FRANCE. Thursday. Jan. X. (By the
Associated Press With holiday div-
. 1 . iiM..iiftB .vtuiil it tan.
rrsiuas inn, m, nuinn.ii v .
etl Introduced.
When the president concluded the
administration Mil was introiucd in
the senate by Senator Smith of South
Carolina and in the ho'jye by Chair
man Sims of the in'Tstate commerce
committee. In addition to appropriat
ing $."i00.H.0.0o0 and providine for the
compensation basis under which th
leftabiisnment of a
rector-general to organize a corpora- of munitions with a
new department
cabinet .head to
tion for handling railroad securities centralize all government war supply
in accordance with a plan now under, operations.
consideration. J Woolen manufacturers and Colonel
Railroad officials are expected to : Elmer Lindsley. inspector and purcb
urge a number of modifications of the; asing head or the quartermaster's de
accounting method prescribed by the pot at Philadelphia, gave testimony
mil
struction of ships alreadv laid down. partment that warrants snch action.
Their contracts, be said, called tor it is said, so far as officers ot any im-' ary force by today had resumed train-!
the payment of monev advances when portant rank are concerned. ling, which is to be unrelaxed bere-j
reels "were laid id many builders The decisions of the commanders after unless unforeseen development
took advantage of this to get money abroad on all questions of the sending occur r. The newly landed divisions'
ouick'y. The fleet corporation, he home of officers under their command . 0f former national guardsmen began'
snid. flnwllv was forced to put a stop is absolute and will not be questioned
to the laying of keels. . here unless some gross miscarriage of
Mr. Saiiford ccntrsdicted the testi-, justice or misuse of power Is dis
mony of Rear Admiral Bowles or the closed.
rwt rorooration. who declared that.
Aithoutr'i the peace conference be
tween representatives of the Bisbee
viki government and ihw central po
wers aa due to re-onene Fridav,
no neaa has come through indicating
whether the meeting took place.
Neither have there been any advices
as to whether the difficulties tn the.
way or reaching aa agreement have
been surmounted or if concession by
either side msktuc possible further
negotiations, are intended.
Dissatisfaction with the proposals
of the central powers apparently does
not obtain solely on the side of the
Bolshevist government, but exists
among the delegates of the central
powers as well. Austria. Bi.ls.aria
and Turkey are asserted 10 have d.x
ajtred with the domineeiing attitude
of the Germans at the Pret-Litovsk
conference, where they posed as con
querers. while their allied delegates
evinced an eager desire for peace and
a disposition to compromise.
German Socialists Opposed.
The. attitude of the German social
ists against the demands or the cen
tral powers, especially those provid
ing for the retention of Poland, UUi
uania. Courland and other occupied
territory, has forced the Imperial chan
cellor to refer to the itu:kn before
the main committee of the relchstag.
The chancellor's statement, however,
waa merely a platitude and gave no
Inkling as to what Genuany's future
intentions la the premises were, and
even left to the under secretary for
ioreign affairs, the tak or outfinin
in the most perfunctory ' style the
trend of the negotiations up to the
time that the recess a as taken at
Brest-Litovsk.
"We can chcerfullj await tae
furtaer course of this incident. We
rely upon our strong po.-t.iou. our
loyal intentions and our Just rU'hts."
was virtually all the chancellor had
to say concerning Russia's rejection
of the peace proposals.
On Battle Fronts.
On the battle front the compara
tive c.il:n of the Ian Jew days con
tinues. aUho.iga the Germans in the
Cambrai sector, in local attacks, have
pushed back tour Ur.lish advanced
posts for short distances. The artil
lery duels along the western front in
Belgium and Frarce and also tn Italy
still are going on. but the infar.tr' is
virtually idle, except fvrbatrol engage
ments. Acain there has been considerable
fighting in the air on the western
front. The German war office as
serts that the German aviators during
the week have accounted for twenty
three allied airplanes and two captive
balloons. Frenhc aviators have
brought down eight German machines
and also carried out bombing opera
tions behind the enemy lines.
Attached to Army.
The American army In France is to
be reinforced by the American avia
tors who became famous as pilots lu
French escadrilles. Thitry-to men,'
mostly members of the Lafayette
estadrille. will be the first to be
sworn Into the American army. Oth
ers will join them as rapidly as pos
sible. The transfer of the aviators
from the French to the American col
ors was brought about through nogo
tlatlor.s between the French and Am
erican army authorities.
To the band of experienced men
shortly mill be added the first group
of young American pilots and observ
ers to take instructions near the bat
tle front. They already have finish
ed their first tests and are now to be
sent to the front to complete their
mork under actual battle conJUIons.
for reaching the standard return j criticizing the quality of army cloth-1 ,iveries-
pine producers had fallen down on de-
government guarantees an aggregate DasifJ- hnt officials expect the scheme ; ing made under the new specification
return or some $900.'O0.i'O0 a year,
the measure seta forth in detail the
conditions unler hih government
opera ti-in is to be carr'ed on. and in
addition to !T?v-ifje,f powers given
tbe president, world authorize him to
exercise o'lier powers neres.-ry to
maintain practical government opera-
as outlined in the bill probably will of the supplies committee of the conn
be followed in the main. Some dis-jcil of national defense providing for
cussion Is looked for over the bills" ; use of shoddy. They acreed that stan
prnvison that new federal taxes un- dards were lowered and garments and
der the war revenue act are not to bljnkets of less durability and wormth
"be ehareed against the revenue in!
computing the standard return, as are' OLD "FAN" QUITS.
ordinary taxes. The effect of this; CHICAGO. Jan. 4 Resignation of kimiKT pounds.
ANNUAL WOOL CANVAS.
(Bv Review Leased Wire.)
BOSTON. Jan. 4. The annual can
vas of unsold stocks of wool through
out the country made by the Com
mercial Bul'etin as of January If"
shows lotal stocks in dealers hands of con
j DEAL CALLED OF.
I NEW YORK. Jan. 4 Miller Hug
I eins. the new manacer of the New
j York Americans, announced today that
I all negotiations for the purchase of
; Petrel Pratt, the St. Louis American
second baseman, has been temporar
ily called off. Huggins said that the
active work in hand grenade training.
their Instruction going on despite thei
snow which today covered the ground
in some places to a depth of a root, j
Other rornier guardsmen who has been ;
round to be good marksmen were
picked ror sniping work and besan;
learning the finer points of that prac-j
tice. I
A division or regular army meni
which already has been at the front.
resumed today the carrying out of,
maneuvers during which airplanes
co-operated m ith the artillery. This I
FIRST REPORTS EXAGGERATED.
(Ttv Review lei Wire!
SAN SALVADOR, Jan. 4. The lat
est advices received here show that
the first reports of the Guatemala
earthquake were exaggerated. The
fatalities as a result of the disturb
ance aggregated 50. while only 100
persons were injured.
Earth shocks continue, but thty are
weak.
Yankees would start trainine at Ma
Ga.. on March Kit. The pitch- division is rapidly nearmg the point
HARDY RE NOMINATED.
compared with 7S.- cr will report a week before the ree- here it will be classed as expert m
tion. and to dclecate his authority to to require railroads to pay war Charles a. Williams, for thirty years S05.4S4 pounds of January 1. 1IT.; clirs. The club will take only thirty this co-operation ana tne ainai 00-'
t.ixos out cf their government com- rerretary of the Ch'cao National Tt-e Boston tocks In dealers' r-anils Movers to the training camp. servers are oeconung equanj -m-
pensation. , .eaeue tasehall. wa announced to- were 34.9SO.130 pounds in addition to The New York National leaeue club cient. Both Ta's and gun of larger
Broad Powers Warted. ; dar by President Charles Weechnian. i.54.596 pounds of tops and S.544.101 1 announced that it had received ISIS calibers are being used. Thewi.ther
I . . . ... . . .,..1. n I , . ... Am EVnlln.iil C? -.V. .. h I. f l m w . , r4 Jwvl.l Ind ATl-ftflt f fH 1 hfk
Th hm mi- vnir-t. tha adminis-1 will re succeenea oy vv ainrr v rij- pounds or nous luia ?, wviuiir.,ivin..ii3 i'" rriu.u.uu cuiu-. i -
ne omeq power wnicp me aommis-, bro,her-in-iaw of Mr. Weegh-i with total stotks last year of 44.093. Adam Swigler and Schepner. a re-1 snow on the ground condition are
(CoaUnued on F$e Two.) Jman s. '4S1 pounds. Icruit inflelder. ideal for instruction purposes.
any agency.
I'cder the last provision, the presi
dent is expected to issue an order
transferring to Director General Mc-'
Adoo a!l functions vested In the chief
executive. This will enable the il-
(By Review leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. Jan. 4. Charles E.
Hanly of Nogales. Aria., waa nominat
ed today by President Wilson as cus
toms collector t Nogales. Mrs. Maiy
Wolfe Darjin of Penver waa Dominat
ed register ot the Ind ffic at Qaa- TWO
THE BISREE DAILY REVIEW, SATURDAY MORNING, JANUARY 5, 1918.
r
B32
5
POfRlP
GOiJE!!!
7
Great
Auction
Sale
SHOP
OF HIGH-GRADE
JEWELRY
RETIRING FROM BUSINESS
LOWELL JEWELRY
LOWELL
"Nathanson & Marcelhisn
Every article in their large and up-to-date stock of Jewelry, Dia
monds, Cut Glass, Hand-painted China, Etc, must be sold to the
highest bidder.
Beginning Saturday, Jan. 5th, 1918
Sale -will be started at 1 :30 p. m. Evening sale starts at 7 o'clock
and continuous daily until everything is sold. Valuable souvenirs will
be given at each sale. Tickets will be given, to EVERY PERSON
attending our auction and you do not have to make a purchase to en
title you to the souvenirs, which will be selected daily from our High
Grade Stock.
On the last day of the sale a SPECIAL SOUVENIR valued at
$50.00 will be given to some lady or gentleman.
FRED ST. CLAIR, Auctioneer
SHOWCASES, CASH REGISTER AND
ALL FIXTURES FOR SALE.
Isportatlon facilities on the inland ind wuuld hare been a much greater. I i equitable and just alike to their ova
coastwise waterways and mv h the assumed the les responsibility rather) ers and to 'he general public. I
'acquisition, operation and use of the than the eishtier. I n sure that 1: mould sugsest the averace net rail-
faciltUos create or employ such agen- am speaking me mind of
cies and enter into such contracts and fuj Americans when 1 sa
all thought-j way operating income of I
y that it is pesrs ending June S' 1917.
the three
I earnest-
! agreement as he shall deem to bo in our duty as the representatives of the' ly recommend that these guarantees
the public interest. na'lon ta do everything that it is ne-i be given by appropriate lesislation
Aa to Finances. eessjry to do to secure their complete a"d given a pr.'-niptly a circimstuuces
To provide funds for maturing ob- mobilization of the whole resources of permit,
ligations or for other legal and proper America by as rapid and effective a' I need not point out that essential
expenditures or for reorganizing rail- means as can be found. Transports-'jus:U-e of such guarantees and their
reads in receivership carriers may. tion supplies all the arteries of mobil- treat influence as element in the pre
' during federal control issue such ization. Unless it be under a single sent financial and industrial situation
'bonds, notee. equipment trust certif- and unified direction, the whole pro-jof the country. Indeed oae of the
' icates, stock and other forms of se- cess of the nation s action is ecjbar-, strong arguments for assuming con-,
rurities secured or unsecured by assed. I trol of the railroads at this time is
Voluntary Action Failed.
the financial argument. It is neces-
, mortgage, as the president may ap
prove aa consistent with the public u was in the true spirit of America sary that the values of rail ay aeeur
lnterest. The same section author- and it was right that we should first ities should be justly and fairly pro
bes the president to purchase for the trv to effect the necessary unification : tectcd a.d that the lar?e financial
Vnlted States all or any part of these under the voluntary action of those operations every year necessary in -4
securities at prices not exceeding wto were In chcrge of the great rail-; ccunec. ion wi.h the n;a:ntenaoc' f
par Bd to sell these securities, when-. ay properties and we did try it. The ?rcrat:on enl development of the' I
'. ever in his judgment it is desirable at directors of the railroad responded to roads should, during the period of 1
prices not less then their cost. Any (the need promptly and generously. he war. be wisely related to the fin- 1
'sums available from the revolving ! The croup of railway executives who ancia! operations of the government.
fund which is provided in section 8ixjvere charged with the task of actual ', ur first duty is, of course, to coa
' may be used for such purposes. I coordination and general direction ; serve the common interest and the
' Section eight provides that the pres-' performed tnejr task with patriotic ' common safety and to make certain
ident may execute any of the powers' rtai tnj marked ability as was to have that nothing stands in the way of the
granted him through whatever agen-! been expected and did. I believe, ev-j successful prosecution of the great
cies re may determine and may fixlerytblng that it was possible for them' war for liberty and justice, but it is
reasonable compensation for service. to do in the circumstances. If I have' an obligation of public conscience and
! Section nine would authorize the; taken the task out of their hands, it Iff public honor that the private inter-
presldent to extend the federal work-has not been because of any derelic-: csts we disturb should be kept safe
men 'a compensation law to apply tojtj0n or failure on their pan but aly i from nnjust injury, and it is of the ut-
railroad employes on such terms and i because there were some things which most consequence to the government
condition. s will cive due considers- tn envernment can do and present itself that all great rtnanciai opera-!
tlon to remedies available under state J management cannot. We shall con-itions should be stabilized and cooor-J
compensation laws or otherwise. j tinue to value most highly the advice dinated with the financial operations
Section ten gives the president. In . n.l assistance of these gentlemen and of the government. No borrowing
r j.b.
ANG1US
PURE
FOOD
1
PHONE 29
Telephone 444
A Phone Call Will Bring Ua.
LOS ANGELES JUNK SHOP
Hiest Cash Prices Paid For
Metals. Rubber, Rags, Sacks, Bottles,
Bones. Iron, Hides. Pelts ate.
HOROWITZ BROTHERS. Proprietors
Lowell, Artaona.
addition to power specifically pre
scribed any other and further powers
necessary.
Hold Carriers Responsible.
I am sure we shall not find them, siou:d run atnwart tne Borrowings ot
withholding It, ' the federal treasury and no funda-
It bad become unmistakably plain t mental values should ny where be un
that only under government admin-' necessarily Impaired. In the hands of
Section eleven provides that while inflation can the entire equipment of small investors in the country as well
'under federal control, the roads are I the several systems of transportation ' as in national banks, in insurance
subject to all laws and liabilities as! be fully and unreservedly thrown In- companies, in savings banks, in trust
! enmmnn nrriAn and auits nlT be ' MtmmAn Arv1c without injurious companies, in financial agencies of
! brought by and acainst them and discrimination apainst particular prop-; every kind, railway securities, the sum j
judgments rendered as provided by erties. Cnly under government ad- ' total of which runs up to some ten or
law. Except with the president's' ministration can an absolute unre- eleven thousand millions, constitute a
i written aBsent. however, no attach-. stricted and unembarrassed common vital part of the structure of ereuit
- mem or execution is to oe raiuo ua
1 any property used by a road in per-
formance of Its common carrier du
ties. I Section twelve stipulates that any
ivrson or corporation acting for or
employed by a carrier or shipper or
'other person who shall fail to ob-J lsiration all these things will be pos-in this new field of governmental ae
THE REVIEW
Job Department
will furnish you an estimate
on that job on short notice
WaTKINS & BERGQUIST
Jewelers and Opticians
use be made of all tracks, terminals. ' and the unquestioned; sonaity oi mat
terminal facilities and equipment of '. structure must be maintained. The
every kind. Only under that authority 1 secretary of war and I easily agreed
can new terminals be constructed and ' that, in view of the many complex
rioTolnrMvt without recard to the re-. interests which must be safeguarded
nuireiuents or limitations of particular and harmonized as well as because of
roads. Bu' under government admin-' his exceptional experience and abili;yl
i
i2b
1 The
HALLMARK Storw
PPIMT URGES CONGRESS TO
PUSS LEGISLATION GUARANTEEING
RAILROADS SAFETY TOR FUTURE ig
(Continued From Fage One.)
tration would have over the roads is
be recoverable by the governnieal
with six percent interest.
Auditing Board Provided
Section three provides that any
claim for just compensation which is
j not adjusted under the terms provided
; in Beckon one will be submitted to a
i board of three auditors appointed by
the interstate Commerce Commission.
members and official force wifl
eligible for that service sit tout
any additional compensation. These
: auditors will give a full hearing to the
I road and to the government and will
i - . Hue th mu a iim nnt vffw4in provided tor shall continue for and
as compensation an income at an an-; aue lne roacs. a sum not exceeding ' . ... . . , .
. nual rate equivalent as nearly as may
, serve any of the provisions of tne
! proposed law or shall knowingly in
I terf ere with or impede possession.use.
! operation or control of any railroad
or transportation system taken ovei
by the president or shall violate any
order or regulation for carrying out
the law, shall be guilty of a mis
demeanor and punishable by a max
imum fine of $5000 or If a person by
Imprisonment for not more than two
years or both.
Federal as well as state criminal
statutes where applicable shall apply
to all officers, agents and employes.
Prosecutions will be in federal dis
trict courts.
Section thirteen, the last provides
for the indefinite continuance of the
law. It makes this brief general pro
vision: The federal control of transporta
tion systems heroin and heretofore
sible not instantly, but as fast as tion. tne Hon. Miuam u. .mcao.oo was
practical difficulties, ahich cannot be the richt man to assume direct ad
merely conjured away, give way be- j minisirative control of this new exe
fore the new manasemeuu jcutive task. At our request, he con-.
sented to assume the authority a3a
duties of organizer and director gen-
EYE NERVE GLASSES
I fit glasses without
drugs, drops or danc
er, and guarantee sat
isfaction. Phones: Offica 1H.
Residence Black 410.
DR. R. GLAZE. OphthalmoUiist.
Upstairs, Over Wool worth's Store.
6gt
Serving Public Interest
The common administration will be
carried out with as little disturbance of . the new railway admlnisUa
of the present operating organizations on. He has ass-imed those duties
and personnel of the railways as p
sible.. Nothing aill be altered or di
turbed which it U not necessary to
disturb. We are serving the public
interest and safeguarding the public
safety but we are also regardful of
the interest of those by whom these
great properties are oned and gUd
to avail ourselve ot tne exrenenc
and his work is in active prosress. It
is probably too much to expect that
even under the unifie-i railway ad
ministration which ;i sow be pa
sib'e sufficient cconomkv ran be af
fected in the operation of th rail,
nays to pinke it possible to add to
their ecfuipment and extend theit
operative facilities as much as the
BISBEE TRANSFER,
STORAGE & COAL CO.
Warehouse & Office Opposite Depot
PHONES 640 and 50.
; the amount so reported may be agreed : d"rtn the I1?0 of wr J"
m..- ,., J .v v.-Tiv .ridm in.r " w j ' tnnn hv th nrxiitcnt nri thm mail I 111 orucv
the president might order acr exten-! to the r&ad verage net railway ; F8ilins agreement, either the fe. Otherwise.
fon or improvements and advance operating income for the three years era? government or the road njaylUe!
fends necessary for these. The pro- d '? Jnn' 1917. This the bUl petition in the court of claims for fi- President Wilson's speech follows:
cedure in such cases would be for ",v "' nai ascenainment or tne amount or uentiemen or tne congress:
and trained ability of those who have resent extraordinary den,ac, u,H,n
been managing them. It is necessary tbe,r use W r'"der dfs'b'-'
that the transportation of troops and t to the national treasury
of war material, of food and of fuel, for the tunds. If it is not possible. ,t
andofeveothingthatisnc-essaryfor of be e-
tte full mobilization of the energies sort to congress for g.anta of money
and resources of the country, should r h!lt Purpose. The secretary ot
be first considered, but it is rleaily tn"v U edv'. mi'h,
VVWUiUi S "Ut 1 a. as ( 14 IU sn ivi;
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Solicits Yew
Patronage
PHONE 58
the public interest also that the or
dinary activities and the normal in
dividual and commercial life of the
country should be interfere! with and
dislocated as little as possible and the
standard return.
; the road to issue bonds to finance Kluu" pwue mi ice JU?t compensation and in the court off I hare asked the pnviiece of ad- publ?r niay rest assured that the in-
tne improvements, and these bonds u'wapm.uiig income ,to be com claims proceedings the report of the , dressing you in order to report that on tcrest and convenience of the private
j would be absorbed by the government putd rrom retnrns to th1.intera.u auditors will be considered prima fa-; the SSth of December last, during the 3vipper will be as carefallv served and
1 revolving fund. Director General Mc- TOmme conim'ttee, excluding debits cie evidence of the facte stated. The : recess of congress acting through safeguarded as it is possible to serve
Adoo already has indicated that he
will not hesitate to order new lines
built, or adequate terminal or other
facilities constructed wherever t&ey
are thought neressary.
Great significance was seen by con
gresisonal leaders in the section p ro
an d credits, arriving from the
counts which are called in the month
ly interstate commerce returns, leased
road rents and miscellaneous rents.
No federal taxes in excess of taxes
assessed during the year ending June
50. IS IT. are to be charged against the
revenue in computing the standard re-
practicnl aspect of the matter. Por
the present. I suggest the only guar
antees I have indicated and such ap
propriations as are necessary at te
outlet of this task. I take the liberty
of expressing the hope that the con
gress may grant these promptly and
'incnidgingly. We are dealing with
great matters and will. I am sure, dca"
wim them greatly.
viding for acquisition and operation ,nnls Any M nilwv operatin(t in
facilities.
come in excess of the standard return
innim retnrn - j j i . - " ... - -
transportation to te property of the r. s. The whiT; nnder r tmP hr th, i in Pnce of the great tasks me. risht and necessary that the own-
OCn ana 213 .mnnnt nr th tt.nH.nl ntnrn aiw-rn. . . . I '
the Erie canal and other in- " IZ2 T. ."l:CMTfr lrom V "P'r 'urT":a : ing.
of water transportation
Advocates of barre
on the MississppL Missouri and Ohio : of the standard accri . SSr'friS
nvers thn F.m canal anil nlhr in- . . - . . tmrrier iruw
. . - -- ine onrng ine xaree year penou is to
land rentes, have conferred with the deferaiinei by the Inu-rstale Corn
director general within the last week -Commission, whose certificates
and received his assurance that water; as t0 tt,e anlnnnt U to be Uken as fi
transpcrtation would be given attea-; Eai and conclusive for the purpose of
tion as soon as he has time to take up t-e agreement and guaranty. During
the question. ! tbe federal control adequate deprecia-
If congress pi3ses the bill ith a-tir.n and mir.ten?ne of te rrooer
1500 Ow.000 appropriation this sura j tie of the roads would be included as
wiU have to be raised by issue of ad-; a part of the operating expenses or
i:i-uui iim-ny ooras. unlets ,i enouia provided through a reserve fund, in
just compensation or any reaerai con-, tie secretary of war and under the au- and safeguard It in the present ex-
tronea road not making returns to tnei thority conferred upon me by the act" traordinary circumstances.
interstate wmmerte commission win . 0f congress approved August 19. 1916. Guarantees Urced. ,
be determined with accordance 1 took possession and assumed con- While the present authority of the CataiTIl Cannot lie CUfCU
vd proTisious. trol of the railway lines of the coun- executive suffices for all purposes of
Section Jour presides that the re-;try ,aa the systems of water tran- administration and while of course,
turn of any carrier will be increased ; ,portation under their control. This -n -r'are interests must for the pre-
by an amount reckoned at a rate to be jstep seemed to be imperatively neces- sent give wav to the public necessity
- .7. r 1 . "T:"rT in tbe interest of the public wel- it is, I am sure vou wfll asree with
;l cvMrii I BsEsnili
tVlvI IDTVV24 Hours; :
f war with which we are now deal-' ers and creditors of the railways, the
As our experience develops dif-i holders of their stocVs and bonds.
ficulties and makes it clear what they, should receive from the government'
are. 1 hare deemed it my duty to re- an uuoualitfed guarantee that tte!r
move those difficulties wherever I properties will be maintained trousV
have the legal power to do so. To as- cut the period of fed.. -a! control in es
and by an amount equal to the rate
accruing to the government upon anyj
advances made to the road for tbe .
cost ot the additions and ' improve-j
Section five prohibits any carrier ! 'nw" contro1 of the vast railway sys. oo rer-atr and as complete euuip
while under federal control and with-;tenls 01 tlls country. realize is a merit as at present. nd that the sev
out the president's prior approval ' veT T responsibility, but to fail cral roas will receive undor federal
from declaring or raving any dividend ; to do so in the existing circumstances management such compensation as is
with LOCA1. APPLICATIONS, as ttwy
cannot reach th at of the tias. Ca
tarrh is a blood or ontitiitonal disease,
and in orvVr to cur it you mut take in
ternal rvmMli. Hall's Catnrrh Cure is
takrn intvnwlly. and acts directly ni
the bkxwt and mucous surface Hall's
Catarrh Cur is not a quack medicine. It
a presi-rtbrd bv etw ot tho best r'y-SK-ians
tn this country for years and is ;
a rt-pular prrscripii.'-n. It is ctio-wrd of
the o-t tunn-s known, combined witU tle t
best blood punSers. actin dlrectlv on the i
mucous surfaces. The perfect rm6ina '.
tlon ot the to inirredients is wh.it pro
liuces such omKrful results In rurtnc i
catarrh Send for testimonials, free. '
r. J. CHENEY CO.. Props Toledo. O.
Sold by Ituccists r-W TV. j
Taks Hall l ainlly Ptlla for ronatlsatloa.
CHIRHESTR S PIUS
W-, Ttii ltaM BBUSBl a
Uiil A rw S.m.m a .
7-HMj la l4 J nU wwii
K wl, mirl S) SiH"w. 1
S0L9 BJ fSLuGCTS
HENESSEY
UNDERTAKING PARLORS
Robert Henessey, Prop.
Opposite Depot Ambulance
in excess of its regular rate during the
three years ending June 30. 1917
beco-iie apparent that economies un - accordance wirh princioles and rules tv;. ii.,, t,lr"e th.tl
tZ J, ? P?1?5 8J"8tem m h,cn toe P"dent will determine. the nilTOIiA that have paid no regu
V? - t SPCC"! FeCt,nn ,W ,J,at tf ni 8UCh lar dividend, or no dividend, during '
m p.ealuuref " to me Psi- agreement is made with a road, the mt period may. with, tre president's,
ble deficiency in this years earnings president may nevertheless pay or.-w-. .vrtw,i oar dividends at what-!
unuer tne stanoaru returns. . cause to be paid to any railroad while .P nttt . rnt rr,.e dter.!
; unatrr ic-utrru cuauvi cit c-cvLii; v
- -- -- --- wua. w. a uc JJVI VTlll Ul i UC DhlUua.U 1 liai UO. a. as .
railroad bill entitied "A BUI to Pro der this section the legal rights of the ,
-'te for Operation snd Transpcrtation , railroad for prosecution of its claim
systems while under federal control, ; for the balance before the court of
Tne lip l'-tt i-ni.c5iA. nr . . i . ; A . n . i .
J - . vl t Ll'.-I I1ALIUS IS UlUIIUni VUU 1 . . . . . 1 - . .
owners and for other purposes." . am0unt found due above the amount, olvs fund"- L oar exnen.e.i
Section one provides that the presi- that had been paid will bear interest lJ P nl .
ocnt u ti,nHj t .-sriT ...4 ' . c e.t . ,-.e .nt .nt i f federal control on any deficit;
:-l!jr ntM tn th marie swit-iwt niin tka vnvArnmpnt m i II
Could Not Eat or Sleep
Made Well By PER UNA
:1
, mine.
-Revolving Fund." .
Section six appropriates 1300.000
: 000 which with any funds available!
; 1 from any excess earnings of the rail-
ENTRANCE
ON
SUBWAY
STREET
REAR
OF
MAIN
BUILDINC
WE KNOW THE LONG WAIT has grown very tire
some for those who patronize the Saturday Morning Sale
cf Carnations.
The cause of this dflay is the lateness of the arrival
of tbe Golden Si ate Limited train at Osborne; if on time
the flowers would reach the station in Bisbee not later
than S:25 a. ni. (But it is so long ago that we can't re.
member ,ien this train was on time.)
Ev.au.-c of tl9 irregularity of train service, we have
d.-ciilcd to hold cur Carnation Sa'e in the afternoon. In
s'ead of ;he morning. So you will plvae call at "THE
ANNEX" at 2:K' p. m. today for Carnations at 10c a dozen.
I
J
railroad below the standard re
turn and to provide terminal improve-1
ments, engines, rolling- stock and otb-!
er necessary equipment. These term-,
ioal Improvements and equipment are
to be used and accounted for as the!
president may direct aad . tn be dis.'
posed of as congress may hereafter;
provide. The president may also, ac
cording to section seven, order any
road to male additions and improve
ments. He may front this revolving
fund advance to tbe road all or' any
part of tbe expense of the additions
and improvements so ordered and
constructed by the road or by the gov
ernment. These advances are to be
charged against the road and to bear
interest at such a rate and be pay.
tile on such terms as tbe president
may determine, so that the United
States may be fully reimbursed for
sny sums advanced.
Any loss claimed to accrue to any
road by reason of any of these ad
ditions or improvements may be de
termined by an agreemeut between
tbe president and tbe road. Failing
this agreement the aoiooot of the loss
will be ascertained under the terms
of section three. From the revolving
fund the president may expend what
ever amount be may deem necessary
cr desirable foe purchase construc
tion or utilization and operation 01
boat, barges tugy and other trau-
ilr. Wiutam E. lcnny. a-ara
Ave, Sprmgfield. Ohio, writes:
"I find great pleasure in writing
you and thanking you for what Pa
run a has already don for ma. I
have been troubled with catarrh for
ysars, and it had affected my head,
nose, throat and stomach, that 1
could not eat nor alasp with any sat
isfaction. "1 have Just taken three bottles. 1
can rat most anything and am greatly
relieed of nervousness, so that when '
I lis down I can sleep without the '.
lent trouble. I recommend it to all
those who are sufferer, of that dreac- j Thoae who cbject tj
ful disease, (starch." jeinca can prosy ro Perun
Catarrh
For Years
Can Now
Eat and
Sleep
To My
Satisfaction
U e-
JOHN G. WILSON
Contractor & Builder
Estimates furnished on all classes
Of Buildinjs.
SEE ME LAST
Phone Green 782.
RUCE PERlY
mSDRAH(IK.:,Sf
Fidelity
Liability
Bisbee, Aril
BONDS
Copper Queen Hotel
Bisbee Dye and Cleaning
PHONE 296 , WcrkS FHONE29S
Opposite Bisbee Auto Company, Upper Mun St
Who Does Your Cleaning?
Start the New Year right ano! send your work to
us. We have the best equipped plant in the county,
and can handle anything th.t can be cleaned. Phone us
and our machine will call, aad we will deliver your gar
ments when you want them.
There Is something of the opea-air freshness about every inter
garment cleansed by us. Throug our servl-e the now 8r-rviranre
of wearing spparel may be retairej Indefinitely. Proper cleansing
at regular intervals is th most intelligent economy that can be
practiced. Let us add usefulness to your winter garments hy keep
ing tbem new and fresh and attnethe. Let our slogan be yours.
Service. Sincerity and Quality.
TRY US AND HE CONVINCED
DANCE
EAGLE HALL
EVERY
SATURDAY
EVENING
8:30
(F. O. E. 175)
SHAWS ORCHESTRA
1
r
Oar Shop is New
i lef I
; aim jdiuidi
Wt will appreciate your patranag
and assure you of courteous treat
ment. SUNSET BARBER SHOP
(Woolwerth Bldj, Main Street)
I C Roienbarftr, Propr.
iv J
Bill
GOOD LUMBER IS
BOTTOM
AT THE
of o'ir success. Low prices may
help some, but it's the fine qual
ity of our lumber that brings
our customers back Urns and
again. U pays us to sell food
lumber. It will pay you better
to- buy it. It lasts longer and
Is more satisfactory to work up.
Try us . 1th an order and you'll
cvme back when you want mora.
Bisbee Lumber Company, nc
EMIL MARKS, MGR.
LOWELL CAR STOP.
PHONE
1 i THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SATURDAY MORNING, JANUARY 5, 1918.
THREE
i
I
a
1
.
2
i
4
I
.5
?
i
i
S
s
r
8
i
1
I
! Mining and Financial News
Y REVIEW LEASED WIRE
(By Review Leased Wire) G. Monster
NEW YORK. Jan. 4. Trading in Grand Island 12
stocks todav vras characteriied bv a ' Hal1 -
T T A 1 ' A.
succession of confusing reversals, wjuuu .-
4.
1-1 5
.. .. 13a
the list recording no les9 than half a
llecla
dozen advances and declines. Lower Inspiration Needles
quotations prevailed at the close, im
portant issues showinsr preponder-'
Jerome Verde
Jerome Vic'or
ance of losses, for the most part nom
inal.
fn settlement started with the Is-j
uance of the president's messaee
dealing with federal control of the rail-1
Toads. Although his recommendations
mi tM Imnnftant ,nfrarfin TMV In !
line with poimlur expectations. rails; Torn Keed
Immediatelv declined one to three n"edste
iwints. wiping out most jrains in that Ve Ete"s!on.
onsrter Verde Combination
Rallies, nrobahlv reultine from
MasTr.a Copper ..
Marina Chief .. .
Miami Con
Marnate
Pittsbnrg Jerome
Ray Here. ......
Santa Rita
short covering, effected partial im
provement, as much as two points in
a few instances, but this advance was
again lost in the final hour n re
newed offerings of industrials.
rnlted States steel which again
contributed heavily to the day"a fair
ly lanre turn over fluctuated between
9Vi and 9. closing a fraction oyer
its minimum and a n?t loss of a point.
Coalers and Pacifies were the strong
est features on the transportation di
vision, but extreme gains or two to
four points were materially reduced
or entirelv forfeited at the end.
Tools were again active in special
ties, notably motors, but failed to en
list outside support. Utilities wre
heavy throughout. American Tele
phone losing almost sU points, pre
sumably in connection with the new
note -issue. Total sales amounted to
saa"?-, OTHER CURES.
mas re r"' cdsdn LS7
m some junior rw:. luu- .- i ,,. e.
v J oii' Green Jlonster 62
at 57 to 9.s. ana w .
to SS.70. , rmM
Total sales, par value, aegregaieo,
. -i . j i .4- .u i venture
f 4.-;v.lMH-i- I nuu owtirTs
issues, unchanged on call.
Wolverine Arirona
White Caps
Wriffbt Martin ..
1-16
S2
ST.
33
11-16
$7
I'
7-16
0ATMAN
(By Collins & Emberton)
Arso 03
Adams 03
Arizona Rex
Arizona Tom R 02
Gold Ore 30
Gold Reed
Gold Cliff
Lucky Boy 02
Sunnyside .02
Telluride 06
Tom Reed .. .. S2
United Eastern 3.S7
United Northern . . .... .07
United Western 02
Red Uon ..
.03
.23
.05
.34
.05
.15
'.03
.10
412
.OS
"is
.50
V-ETAL MARKET.
(By Review Leased Wire)
" NEW YORK. Jan. 4. Lead firm;
spot 6.75 to 7.00. Spelter easy; spot
7.62 to 7.S7. liar silver 89V
ol)1 1 venture tun
I Pitts Jerome 37
Jerome Verde SI
Ark-Arizona 05
COTTON MARKET.
( Bv Review Leased Wire )
NEW YORK. Jan. 4. Cotton closed
steady at a net advance of 12 to 19
points.
NEW YORK.
Closing Quotations, January 4. 1917.
"iBy L. J- Overlook.
Anaconda
American Can
American Car . . . . "-
American Locomotive 56
American Smelter 7S4
American Sugar 100 W
Baldwin 59
Beth B.
Jerome Portland . .
Ins-Needles
Hull Copper
Magma Chief
Wolverine-Arizona . .
Miami Mother Lode
Verde Combination
Miami Consolidated
Ariz-Bisbee Copper ..
Butte Arizona .. ..
Jerome Daisy .. ..
Nacozari Con. .. ..
Verde Apex
Calumet Jerome
Feather River Gold
. . .38
.06
... .34
37
....1.55
". V." .69
. .. .03
. .82
..1.19
100
.75
.13
.62
.10
.62
.57
JO
.40
.12
.40
.50
1.75
.50
.SI
.OS
.50
.50
.43
.15
1.31
.25
Legal Notices.
79
C. and O
C. F. and I. .. 37'i
Canadian Pacific
Central Lather
Cruiibl- ... .. .
Distillers . .
Erie .. .-
Goodrich
66 .
56 li
34S
IS3
29
NOTICE OF MORTGAGE SALE
In Equity, No. E-26, Tucson.
In the United States District Court for
the District of Arizona.
Sims Ely. Receiver tf Arizona Mu
fua! Savings and Loan Association, a
Corporation, and Arizona, Mutual Sav
ines and Loan Association, a Corpora
tion. Complainants, vs. Ben C. Smith,
DREAMS GOME TRUE
AT ORPHEUM THEATRE
IN MUSICAL COMEDY :
"When Dreams Come True" is the
title of the show presented at the
i i
I than 10 cents er water power horse J
! iower iier annum.
All. receipts from these water
power licenses are lo be placed in the
federal treasury. The bill provide
that 50 per cent ft the proceed Irani
ational lorests shall he expended iu
construction of roads In those lorests;
5 per cent of the receipts from public
lands are to be placed in the reclam
ation funds; 5a) r cent of receipts
from navigable streams to be expend-
The Best
Orpheum last nisht and it also de-ld in the maintenance and operation
scribes the feelinss of several hun-of dams and other navigation strno
dred BIsbee people who filled thejtures of the United States and that
theatre. For this show was really a U proceeds from Indian reservations
rood dream come true to the many i shall be placed to the credit of the
lovers of clever and classy acting Indians.
who so seldom see such things in their i The bill embraces features of both
new home in the mountains. The mo- j the Ferris bill in the house and the
vies and the barnstormers must con-j Shields bill in the senate,
tent the Bisbeeites who have beenj Those attending the White House
frequenters of many famous show j conference were Representatives Fer
houscs in a hundred cities of the ris. Oklahoma. Chairman, and Raker,
north, east and Pacific coast But Hayden. Lenroot. and L Follctte of
Coutts and Tennis came along with' the public lands commission; Repre
their bevy of pretty and graceful girls' sentatlevs Sims chairman and Mon
and funny comedians and really eleven tague. Esch. Doremus. Hamilton and
actors and put over for the beneit of j Parker of the interstate commerce
these exiles from the orchestra circle commission; Representatives Pou.
that staving good show about the chairman and Garret and Foster "of
dreams that came true. j the rules committee and Representa-
Really Carrie TJlenn. the Norwegian tives LeTer. chairman and Haugen
girl that always had to speak French.' and Anderson of the agricultural corn
was the star. She was honest-to-! mittee.
goodness tunny and was wise enough! Asks New Committee. ,
not to overdo it. William Pruette. jrj A special rule creating a special
played the hero part and it did not 1 committee on water power, with a
suffer. He cannot sing, this Pruette. view to supplying its membership
but he can both dance and act. Lor-'from the regular committees now
aine Lester, his dream girl, is a dream, claiming jurisdiction. Chairman Pou
alright, and ber sweet voice and cute,! of the rules committee, thought the
innocent, child like charm won for herj plan feasible, although rather un
generous applause. I usual. It was then suggested the
Harlan BrUgs. the detective, and ; committee be created by a special
Guy Bartholomew twinkled along with j rule, eah of the regular committee;
the stars. They put over clever stun j members to b tasen rrom tneir per-i
in Biz Time style. But the scream fonnel and the speaker appointing'
of a funny and very pleasing musKstl i them on the new body. This plan was
omedy was the movie scene. ,A half i virtually agreed upon. i
dozen players sat on tne stage as ip. Sims. Mr. Maniaguc ana oiner.
auditors or a silent drama on the members of the interstate commerc j
screen and they brought down the i committee, while not opposing thej
house and set it up and brought It i presidents' plan, were inclined to feel
contractors in Bisbee buy
from US. They figure it
is WORTH WHILE to do
so. WHY DONT YOU
If you need them to
figure your work PHONE
US and we will see that
they get in touch with
you.
If your contractor has
NOT figured with us ask
him to do so; it will be to
your benefit.
Gibson-Hines
Lumber Co.
J.W.F Smitli.?Isr. PbancSS
down again. Harlan Bri-'gs bad to re
spond to five or six encores with his
"Bugs" song.
If you did not go to see an awful
rood "dream come true last nicht. you
had better go toniaht. Take the Re
view dramatic editors word for it
You'll like the show Immensely. The
best houses in the large cities of the
country put on worse ones right along
at $2 per head and win praise with
them.
Water Power Is
Subject of Law
Urged by Wilson
(Continued From Page One.)
that their committee should have full
jurisdiction. Mr. Ferris said it was
inconsequential what committee had
jurisdiction and he and Mr. Leroot
said the lands committee was willing
to surrender its jurisdiction. Mr.
Lever indicated tnat me agricultural
committee was a busy one and not in
clined to seek any new duties, but
that if desired it would name its mem
bers of the new committee.
Dinner's
Troop of Cavalry
Kill 4 Mexicans
(By Review Leased Wire)
DOUGLAS. Jan. 4. Three Mexicans
were killed and Tour captured by mem
bers of a troop of cavalry in a fight
two miles south of the Mexican bor-,
der which followed a raid yesterday;
by Mexicans who surprised two Amer-
cian soldiers at the Slaughter rancn
l THE BEST
nifinmii
iiAlAKUIU
r i rr--
m v
2-1
privileges on public, lands. Indian
lands, national forests and innavigable
when the project may be taken over"o iooa iurm
bv the United States, again leased to; line. :
the ori;r,al l.se. or leased to a When this word teacher army head
new All propertv owned and 'quarters the cavalrw men were dis
hed bv the licensee at the expiration i patched on their trail to rescue the
.w . oiki. ...i-HuuiK! American soiuwra. .r
General Motors 11 4
Industrial Alcohol 11S
Lackawanna . . . . 79
Marine 22,
Marine Pfd. .. , S55
Midvale 47 Vi
New York Central 72
Northern Pacific 6;
Reading 75
Rubber 53
Republican Steel ''TirOf sale. which said judgmen
Studebaker . . . . oOH and decree was entered on the 5:h day
Steel ' 4 iof December, 1917. in the office of the
Steel Pfd. 109'4 - Clerk of said Court at Globe. Arizona.
St. Paul - 4t. ; the undersigned. . Clifford R. McFall,
Southern Pacific S 4 Special Master in Chancery, duly
Sinclair 30
Texas OH.-.. .. 143i
Union Pacific 115s
17. S. M 46
Westinghouse 41
iuu r- i i mmn ; . , . , .
ftrF. Smith. John Doe. Richard Roe. (in the development or dsitribution of j or me noruer iue. i.u
raiaers. wno m
In
Jane Doe. and Mary Roe. Defendants. ; power, tneether with any locks or
By virtue of a decree of Foreclosure other ai'ls to navigation constructed
and Sale granted by this Court in the i t.v the lessee nwy be taken over by
above entitled action, wherein the j the government upon the payment of
above named complainants obtained a jtve f.-r talue. not to exceed the actual
judgment and decree of foreclosure i c0t of the property taken, plus such
against said defendants for the sum of j -.crnabie damages as may be caused
Ly e separation or tne property
from valuable property not taken.
Provision is made for regulation by
the federal water power commission
of interstate and power in any state
where no state regulations are in
force. It requires lessees "to pay rea
sonable annual charges of not less
One Thousand Two Hundred Twelve
and 56-100 ($1212.56) Dollar, with
interest. costs ot suit. attor
ney's fees and fees and expenses
BOSTON.
Adventure 1
Allouei . - 51
Alaska 14
Arizona Commercial '12
American Zinc 16
Butte ..
C. O H.
Chief Range.. v 47
Chino .. 43i
Chile .. .... .". 16'i
E. Butte 10
Granby .. ---.
Green Can .. .'... . . .'.
Goldfield i
Hancock . . .
Indiana . 4 . . . . . . - - .".
Inspiration
Kennecott' '. .
Keweer.a
Lake .. '-.
appointed in this action for such
purpose, will sell at public auction to
the highest and- best bidder, on the
12th day of January. A. D. 1918. at
?:30 o'clock p. mi of that day. at the
firjnt door of the County Court House
of Cochise County, at the City of
Tombstone. Arizona, the following de
scribed property, to-wit:
Lot Numbered Thirty (30) in Block
One Hundred Forty-five (145) per the
Howe map dated Jan. 12th, 1901. as
amended and filed in the office of the
64i J County Recorder of Cochise County,
" -.n i February 23rd, 190L said property be
ing situate ana lying in tne Town 01
Douglas, Cochise County. Arizona.
CLIFFORD R. McFALL.
Special Master in Chancery.
Dated at Phoenix. Arizona, this 10th
day of December, 1917. 247
39
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
3 I Department of the Interior.
47 U. S. LAND OFFICE at Thoenlx;
32Vt ; Arizona. Dec 15. 1917.
1 I NOTICE is hereby given that, as
; directed by the Commissioner of the
La Salle 24 General Land office, under provisions
Miami . . . V.-. 30 J I of Sec. 2455. R. S., pursuant to the ap-
Mofaawk .1 . r 64' ' plication of Ella C. Findlay. Serial No.
Nevada 1 8 ' ; 029777. we will offer at public sale.
North Bufte .. .." 1441 to the hirhest bidder, but at not less
Nip 8 ithan J2.50 per acre, at 10:00 o'clock
Old Dominion 441, ' A. M on the 29th day of January.
Osceola.. 60 1 1S1 8. next, at this office, the following
Pond Creek 19 'tract of land: NE 1-4 SE Sec 17. T.
Quincy -;tj I 23 St).. R. 21 E, G, and S. R. M.
i.- r-nit " This tract Is ordered into the market
Shattuck .. .. 17 cn a showing that the greater portion, t
Shannon .!"....".." 51-3 ' mountainous or too rough for cultlv-j J
nnened fire on their pursuers.
quick order three Mexicans were kill
ed and the other four captured, some ,
of the latter being wounded- No
Americans were killed or wounded in :
the engagement.
The American soldiers were sue-;
cessful in retrieving the two officers
of the command captured by the Mex-:
leans. An ambulance has been sent
to bring in the wounded Mexicans. 1
Conditions at an eariy hour this morn-,
lng were normaL
1
WRESTLE TO DRAW.
PEORLV, IU., Jan. 4. George Rou
mas of Peoria and Young Americus j
of Omaha, wrestled one hour and 15 1
I : n . .1 m w ! mnirllt Thet i
Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets Get s weighed 145 pounds. I
at the Cause and Remove It I
Dr. Edwards Olive Tablets, the substJ.
tate for calomel, act gently on the bowels
and positively do the work.
People afflicted with bad breath find
c-iick relief through Dr. Edwards'
Olive Tablets. The pleasant, sugar
coated tablets are taken for bad breath
by all who know them.
Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets act gently
but firmly on the bowels and liver.
stimulating them to natural action. ! late date in life I would not offer suf-
dearing the blood and gently puiifing feting humanity a medicine that I did
BAD BREATH
Ladies
For your Sunday dinner try
a nice
K. C Pork Roast 32c
Pot Roast 17c
Uulk Sausage 20c
Link Sausage 22V?c
Young Hen 2Sc
We handle all cuts of K. C.
Lamb, Beef and Pork.
Our poultry is home-raised.
Pay Cash and Save on Your
MEAT BILL.
Miners'
Meat Market
Phone 141
Naco Road
40 YEARS ON THE JOB
1 put 40 years in the study and prac
tice of medicine and pharmacy before
I was fortunate enough to secure and
perfect the wonderful prescription for
Number 40 For The Blood and at this
the entire system. They do that which
tlmperous calomel does without any
ct the bad after effects.
not believe better than any offered by
any doctor or druggist I have'observ-
All He benefit ri nast. eickennw. " eneci 01 u ,n luouswiu. i
rriping cathartics are derived from Dr. ' es and can safely recommend it in all
Edwards' Olive Tablets without griping. diseases of the blood such as specific
pain or any disagreeable effects. j blood poisoning, inchronic rheumatism
Dr. F. M. Edwards discovered the; catarrh, constipation, stomach and liv
formula after seventeen ycarsot prac-, er disea8e8, to cause sores and ulcers
Ewel2 IKpS d :
attendant bad breath. j scrofulous swellings. J. C. Menden-
Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets are purely . hall. Evansville. Ind.
a vegetable compound mixed with olive Sold exclusively in Bisbee at Central
oil; you will know them by their olive Pharmacy, opposite Orpheum. in Lo
cator. Take one or two every night fat well by Lowell Dru Col, Warren Drug
a week and note the effect. 10c and 25c Co, Warren, in Pouslaa by Owl Drug
per box. All druggists. 1 Cs. Adv.
ARIZONA
Biske Copper Co.
50c
PER SHARE
FOR SALE BY
COLLINS
BRETHERTON
We Specialize in Jerome
and Oatman Stocks.
P.O. BOX 1129
PHONE 28
Superior Boston 314
St. Mary's 54 j
t'tah Copper Sli !
Vtah Con 11 V;
CURBS.
Arkansas and Arizona 5
Austin Amazon li
Arizona Silver King 5-16
Eig Ledge IV
Butte r London 12 1
Calumet & Jerome 1 3 IS
Cornelia 16
Oon. Arizona .'. 1
Con. Copper 6'i !
Curtiss 25 1
Denn IS 1
Dundee i-
Emma .. l
Federal Oil -
Gadsden I7, j
arion.
The sale will not be kept open, but
will be declared closed when those
present at the hour named have ceas- j
ed biddine. The person mating tne
highest bid will be required to im-
mediately pay to the Receiver the
amount thereof. . j
Any perxons claiming adversely thej
above-d escribed land are advised to
file their claims, or objections, on or1
before the time desienated for sale, '
JOHN L. IRVIN. Register.
JOHN J. BJRDNO. Receiver.
Adv. 936
First Publication. Dec, 0. 1917.
Last Publication. January 59. 1918.
Need Glasses? Dr. Schell
vf TTTr'CfYrvr rTirrT?r riT7T?i?vr Tjr.rri?T
Sunday and Monday, January 6th and 7th
Weak Eyes, Headaches, Nervousness, etc, POSITIVELY RELIEVED.
REVIEW WANT AOS
BRING RESULTS
SPECIAL ATTENTION TO CHILDREN'S EYES.
1
Bargain Booth Specials
For Today
KNITTING PINS
Special 95c a Set
These wonaerfully gooJ
VV lookin? Knitting Pins were
-'" a DOU?nt tor our v-nristmas
trad-; but failed to arrive in
time, so we offer them at a
greatly reduced price. 95c a
set. 1 hey are made ot Ivory
and Coral, with a pretty
Clcrsemme Knob of Blue or
Roe, set in gold, they should
sell for $1.50 the set.
LAUNDRY BAGS
Only 49c Each
Made of good quality
Cretonne iri Pretty floral de
signs. Size 21x30 inches, on the Bargain Booth to
day .. 49c each
42 -Inch .Table Covers at $1.65
Made from round tables of linene, all white and
finished with cluney lace. On the Bargain Booth at
$1.65. each.
Huck Towel Special
Size 16x30, sold only by the dozen. An extra value
Special, $1.00 Per Dozen
f (if
I
M
BISBE FUR AND
FEED COMPANY
Phone 121
All who know themselves in
debeted to us are courteously asked
to call at our office and adjust same
during the month of January, for,
on and after this month, all unpaid
accounts will be placed in the hands
of an attorney for collection.
We are definitely closing our
books, hence this step. May we
have an immediate remittance from
you if you are indebeted to us?
We thank those who have fav
ored us with their patronage, and
wish each and all a happy, pros
perous New Year.
Phone 151
Bisbee Fuel and Feed Co.
Bisbee Decorating Co.
General Painting. Paper Hanging. Tinting and
Signs. Perfect Results. Moderate Prices.
HUGHES BLOCK, OPPOSITE Y. W. C A.
P. O. Box 1531 Phone 739
The Government Requires Flore Snlpnnr
The WARREN SULPHUR AND OIL COMPANY U tHiit out 190
tor, which they recently purchased. They hv both OIL and SUL
FHVR developed In one ell. Tor the purpose ot developing and
equipping on a larger scale, they will continue selling the shares at
IS cents for a short time only.
FOR FULL PARTICULARS, SEE
F. BRIGGS & CO.
E. B. Mason Bldg, Phon 701.
Lowell, P. O. Box 300?
L. J. OVERLOCK, BROKER
Correspondents: Paine, Weber A Co Boston, Dututh, CalumeL
LOGAN A BRYAN. NEW YORK AND CHICAGO.
SPE-JIAL ATTENTION GIVEN CCFPER STOCK.
THF DAILY REVIEW WANT ADS BRING RESULTS FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVF.W, SATURDAY MORNING, JANUARY 5, 1918.
Efyc iSisbtr Daily JHwifriu
Published Every Day Except Monday By the
State Consolidated Publishing Company.
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
The Associated Press is exclusively titled to the
use for republication of all news dispatches credited to
It or not otherwise credited to this paper and also the
local news published herein.
All rights rt republication of special dispatches herein
are also reserved.
Business Office Phone No. 39.
BRANCH CONNECTING ALL DEPARTMENTS.
Advertising Rates on Application.
Entered as Second Class Man Matter at Blebee, Arizona,
Under Act of March S, 187.
Subscription Rates, Payable In Advance:
PER MONTH -75
THREE MONTHS S-2S
SIX MONTHS 4-00
TWELVE MONTHS 7-58
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per year 2-50
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per quarter .76
No Subscription Taken For Less Than 75 Cents.
Review subscribers not receiving a copy of The Biebee
Daily Review before t a. m. will get one promptly by
special Western Union Messenger by telephoning the
Circulation Department . No. 39, The Review will con
sider it a favor if the irregularity of delivery is reported
to the Circulation Department. The Messenger Service
applies to Bisbee only.
Saturday Morning, January 5, 1918.
More and more the close political and military ob
servers of Europe are beginning to talk and write of
peace. The collapse of Russia disheartened them. They
are war weary. Peace'terms much more meek and lib
eral are expected soon from Germany. More and more
the fear looms before far-sighted men that the war is
to end in a draw with none of the problems that caused
it settled for good. Such a peace would be a mockery.
The United States, fighting for principles and ideals, will
doubtless oppose to the end any peace that does not In
clude both restoration and reparation. The great men
of Prance and England are opposing any peace talk with
might and main. It is the kaiser's laft card, and they
know It. Bat their people look.only to the present. On
the other band the political and military experts and
prophets hare gone wrong so many times during this
great war that their opinions are no better than those
of any man. The forces now in action are so vast that
it is impossible for mere man to estimate or conjecture
with any certainty regarding them. If no decision can
come this year, and the experts are agreed that it U
impossible, then strong peace sentiment is expected next
winter. But in the meantime. Germany will be millions
of men poorer next winter and the United States will be
almost ready then. Germany's only chance is peace now.
For the allies to consider peace at this time is as though
the United States government had opened peace negotia
tions with the confederacy at about the time of the bat
tles of Cold Harbor and the Wilderness. Peace propa
gandists in the north were not a few -at that time.
The only glimmer of good news that nas come from
Russia for a year is the report that the Bolshevik! have
refused the German peace terms and threaten a resump
tion of hostilities. But it is too soon yet to build upon
this hopeful sign. It cay well be a subterfuge and
strategy, dear to the Prussian heart, of proposing unac
ceptable peace terms for the purpose of bolstering up
Lenine and Trotzky with the wavering and distrustful
masses of the Russian people and then offering milder
terms that they can accept with an air of triumph. And
these things may hare been agreed upon from the start.
The Bolsheviki leaders are all either Prussian agents or
cowards and base traitors to their country, if one may
judge from their public acts so far. On the other hand,
considering the Prussian character by and for. it may
well be that these pea' terms, by which most of the
conquered Russian territory is retained by Germany, is
the Prussian idea of peace without annexation. This is
a natural interpretation of what the German Junker
means when he preaches peace without annexation.
Probably his peace without indemnity means that France
and England and America merely pay a lot of money to
Berlin, but for the sake of their feelings, it will not be
called indemnity. The full sense of the German peace
terms to poor, duped Russia should serve as a sinister
menace to those weak and shortsighted people who would
listen for an instant to the droning whine of the tiger
who seeks to hold the prey under bis paw.
"Fairplay- writes tr The Review to protest the edi
torial charge against British slackers in Bisbee. Since
that editorial was written some four or five British sub
jects have volunteered for service in the British army
and The Review announces this fart mith pride and pleas
ure -Kairplay" also declares that all British Mibject
here would welcome the draft proposed for them by the
British government. Good. Canada and England volun
teered for the Great War wiib a patriotism nequaled
in all history, and cow Canada has Cie draft. America,
to save time, started with the draft. The Review's
editorial charge against British slackers did not refer
to British subjects generally, but a as directed against
those, within the Warrea District. It vis merited then;
it is not the case now. England's supreme greatness for
many eeourics has rested solely upon the bold, brave,
loyal beans of her sons in all land washed by the seven
sea-s. And it is so to this day.
had been told npon Bible oath by a responsible friend.
A year ago I thought Warren was quite a town. Today I
see a town entirely. Why. it has double! in ruin her of
residences. Ton have built bare hiil-ides irto neigh
borhoods. Wherever then mas a cactus or niesquite a
year ago is a handsome house or bungalow today. I now
look confidently forward to seeing a large end beauti
ful city in the vista when I come next year."
The brilliant and easy victory of the French over
the Austrians on the Piave line at the beginning of the
new year mast be considered from a different angle
lhn as a mere military advantage. Morale Is involved
in this mere victory. It will be remembered that even
the Russians, beat the Austrians. and the Italians drove
them dear to their own .back door at Laibarh. Now the
French are infinitely superior to the Russians or the
Italians, and. for that matter, any soldiers in Europe,
according to shrewd military judges of affairs in the
Great War. This rout ot the Austrians at the hands of
the French poQu who are fighting in defense of Italy
may well lead to serious loss of morale in Mackensen's
army oa the Piave. A heavy blow there may well mean
annihilation, for the mountains are behind the invader,
and this la the time of storm and cold and snow in those
mountains. Bad weather, long delayed on the Italian
front, will surely be all the more severe when it does
come. These French and English soldiers now in Italy
have beaten the Prussian at his best. What they will do
to the Austrian will be good and plenty npon the battle
line and ten times more important and far-reaching in
moral effect upon the entire Austrian army of invasion.
Brief State Notes
Arizona farmers are planting more
wheat.
The Tejon mines at Gleeson are tc
be worked on a very large scale dur
ing the coming year.
The Arizona Silver Belt. Miami, has
just issued a special holiday edition.
The number was all merit.
County Briefs
Bob Robertson was arrested Thurs
day nifcht in Douglas and placed in
jail on a charge of bootlegging. It is
alleged that three witnesses saw
Robertson selling whisker.
Jerome has something of a muni
cipal scrap on and a threat has been
made to recall the city councilman.
The winter rains are a month past due in the canyon.
In the meantime local physicians ascribe the epidemic
of colds and grippe here to germs in the dust laden
air. While the northern and eastern sections of the
country are shivering in the grip of storms, this country,
favored by three months of continuous sunshine and air
of balm, is, strange to say. praying for a storm. Which
goes to show that storms have their benefits and bless
ings, as well as sunshine, to round out a perfect whole.
Storms clear the air of germs, and they also test the
human character and develop it to its highest attain
merit if it Is strong enough to withstand them.
Independent oil companies of the west are protest
ing vigorously against the passage of the Walsh bill, now
before con cress, which imposes a cost upon wildcatters
and small prospectors which' is prohibitive. The inde
pendents affirm that this bill is in the interest of stand
ard oiL Tuey have appealed personally to the Arizona
delegation in congress upon the ground that oil develop
ment has begun in this state. It would appear to the
average citizen and obrerrer that the Walsh bill, if
passed, would be a bad thing for the development of an
other great industry in Arizona.
Fire destroyed seven of Cotton
wood's business; houses. Arrange
ments are being made to rebuild the
burned district at once.
Mrs. Elizabeth Bannister, wife of a
prominent Phoenix physician, is in the
hospital, suffering from severe burns.
While bathing her infant son ber
clothing was ignited from an open gas
stove.
Gaining entrance by prying open a
rear door, robbers entered the De
Johns garage in Phoenix and made
away with the entire stock ot automo
bile tires and tubes. The loss is es
timated at $300.
The people of Oak Creek have been
begging Jerome for years to give them
a bridge that they may In turn give
Jerome their trade; but Jerome has
turned a deaf ear. Now comes Flag
staff offering good roads and a bridge
to Oak Creek and the trade will pass
to the Coconino metropolis.
W. A. Moody, former state land com
missioner, yesterday took formal pos
session of the office of superintendent
of the state industrial school at Fort
Grant, vice F. S. Ingalls, resigned.
Amon the new officials at the state
prison at Florence who took office on
Tuesday. January 1. was Thomas A.
French, as secretary of the prison. Mr.
French was formerly secretary of the
Arizona State Federation ot Labor.
George Gray, who has been a mem
ber of the night police force ot Dou
glas, has been promoted to night
sergeant. Gray succeeds G. Mervyn
Moore, who has resigned. Moore has
been on the police force three years.
I
Quite a number of farmers In the
Sulphur Spring valley are feeding
jackrabbits to laying bens and excel-1
lent results in increased eggs are
being secured. Eggs are selling from
6ft to 70 cents per dozen. Better pure
and standardized poaltry is being
nrged continuously.
There will be a rabbit hunt today
M Whitewater and everybody la the
Sulphur Springs valley is Invited to
participate in the drive. Take a gun
or a club. The drive will begin at
trie Whitewater school house, five
miles north ot McNeal at nine o'clock.
You've Been Earning
For Years?
Has it cost you every dollar of il to live?
These are pertinent questions, but the man who
answers them honestly to himself will feel the time
has come to start a Savings Account with this bank,
save for the future and get 4 per cent Interest.
Think it Over!
CITIZENS BANK & TRUST COMPANY
Main Street Bisbee, Arizona
The output of the Copper Queen
smelter in December was 10.100.000
pounds. The output of the C. & A.
smelter was not announced, but is
aid to have been about 10.000.000
pounds, making the combined output
it the two smelters the largest ot the
year.
Suits aggregating nearly $150,000
were filed in the federal court in Tuc
son Thursday against the Tucson
Nogales railroad and the New Mexico
Arizona railroad, as a result of the
decision giving Cornelius C.- Watts
and Dabney C. T. Davis. Jr.. title to
and possession of Baca Float No. 1.
Both complaints charge that the rail
roads had illegal rights ot way and
had damaged the plaintiffs.
Ninety-six soldiers in the Arizona
district, most of them non-commis-'
sioned officers, left Camp Jones last'
night for Leon Springs. Texas, havtng
been appointed to take the course at
the officers" training school there.;
Twenty-six of them are from the:
Eleventh artillery. !
Troops E. H. and M. comprising the
only squadron of the First cavalry
which has not yet arrived at Camp
Jones, is due to arrive from Palm'
City. California, this afternoon. Cape
R. C. Candee commands the squadron.
With the arrival of these troops, there
will be five full regiments, two artil
lery and five cavalry, stationed here.
Nineteen-seventeen. a year of rec
ords, did some remarkable stunts in
the weather line in the Salt River Val
ley, not the least of which was the
j setting of a new sunshine record
There were 291 days out of the 565
' during which there was not a material
I cloud in the sky, not even enough to
call the day a partly cloudy one. There
were only 23 completely cloudy days
in th year and only half a hundred
partly cloudy ones. On 35 days rain
fell in quantities which could be
measured.
The Review, having from time to time commented in
rather caustic fashion on portions of the city streets
between the depot and Johnson addition, wishes at
this time to bow to the keeper of the road and congratu
late him upon his efforts to make smooth and pleasing
the rough and rugged surfaces of that hill that slopes
down from the depot almost to the limits of Johnson
addition. His present methods meet with the cordial ap
proval of this amateur critic on road-buflding. If thi
column is quick to blame, it is also quirk to praise.
A recent date line. "Canadians advance near Lens."
reads like a message from the dead. Five long months
ago the Canadians advanced to the suburbs of Lens and
encompassed it on three sides, and since then not a word
has been wired to loyal and patient people who have
hoped every day since then to read of the capture of
the coal city.
Russia was a millstone about the neck ot the allies,
and she is well apt to be a torch in the midst of the
wooden houses of the war lords of Germany. Russia
is running amuck, and she will bite her owner and friend
as quickly as she will bite the stranger and the enemy
in her path. Therefore, let us not feel too badly over the
kaiser's gradual dominion over the Slav.
When the Bisbee boys who took part in the relay
race against Douglas the first day of the year grow to
man's estate they will surely be able to beat the Doug
las runners who took part in that event, for by that
time the young men who represented Douglas will lo
Fped with the spavins and altogether too old to indulge
in active out-door sports.
It is to be hoped that the allied nations will make
baste slowly in recognizing the Bolsheviki government
of Russia. Refusal of arrogant German peace terms
tartly entitles Messrs. Lenine and Trotzky to anything
but continued contempt and distrust.
inr Ylihe hnuMm ife win is. ' inclined In evrlaim
against the excessively high cost of living in this canyon
is herewith respectively referred to the fact that mifli is
selling in Los Angeles at sixteen cents per quart.
Charles L. Mitchell, president of the Chamber of Com
merce of Topeka. Kansas, who has visited the V'arres
District on bui-incf s every year for ten years past, looked
with amazement upon the vista at Warren yeferd :y and
declared to a frieud: "I would l 'nave IxHtevcd it it 1
sn Angeles papers point w ith considerable pride
to the fa-t that over eight thousand marriage li-enses
were issued in that city during the past year, 't'tnph!
Goo! many slai-kers in the city of the angels.
Of course everything is hih but our wives ami
sweethearts, bow could they be any dearer?
According to the EI Paso Herald.
Otto H. Goetx. formerly an architect
of Douglas, and a member of the Ari
zona National guard and more recent
ly a first lieutenant with the 15Sth in
tantry. at Camp Kearney, California,
was arrested last Fridav in El Paso
by Deputy United States Marshal J. B.J
Dobose, charged with being an alien
enemy. Goetx is well known here.'
About a year ago be married an El
Paso woman. II is reported here that
Goetx was discharged from the ISStb
infantry not long ago. What Goetz
may have done in El Iaso to get In'
bad with the federal authorities is not
known here.
Send Santa Claus to the Front
You and your neighbors together may win a battle
for Amenta you can SURELY help save the lives of
some of our boys.
Great guns and many of them will do it. Squadrons
of Tanks, moving steel forts, will do it. Help your
country to buy them.
Instead of giving gold pieces for Christmas, give
this year United States War-Savings Certificates. They
are little $5 Government Bonds bearing 4 per cent
COMPOUND interest. They cost $4. 1 2 during Decem
ber. They are better than gold, and when you buy them
you aid your country. Won't you give them instead of
gold pieces this Christmas?
After a hard struggle with Sheriff
Miles of Tucson and other officers at
the Southern Pacific station and in
the automobile on the way to the coun
ty jail. B. F. Fox. wanted by Arkan
sas authorities on a charge of bank
robbery, was landed behind the bars
of the city jail under special guard
Fox arrived on No. 1 and was met by
the sheriff. An officer is expected to
come for him.
Thomas D. Shaughnessy was last
evening chosen secretary of the Ari
zona state fair commission, a place
he formerly occupied. The newly nam
ed commission held a meeting last
evening at which the selection of a
secretary was the principal business
transacted. Mr. Shaughnessy will
formally .take over the duties of his
offica today and a joint meeting of the
old and the new commission will be
held at which the books of the outgo
ing commission will be audited and the
office which has been ocrupied by Sec
retary B. V. Zachaa will be turned
over.
F. W. Healh. inspector in churge,
of immigration and acting consul at
Douglas, and his force are being kept
busy at the immigration offices both
in the federal building and at the line.
Calls for passports are numerous and
hundreds of persons are asking for
identification cards. Subjects from,
everj, county are wanting permU-'
sion to cross back and forth and care
has to be taken in giving the privilege,
incomers and out-goers all have to be
carefully searched, too. ,'
W. O. W. DANCE
"Hard Tunes Dance"
BR O PHY HALL' LOWELL
Saturday Nijht, Jwiuary 5th, 8:30 P. M.
Prize Will Be Given for Best
Costume. :-: :-: t-: :-:
REYNOLD'S ORCHESTRA
LADIES CAH WEAR SHOES
after asimg Alton Foet-ZaM,
tka antuepbe powder tor Uaa trrC Saakrm fata
ttw ian aad aprinkfed ta tha fart-hark, AHra
Foot-Em awkt tisM or fcocs fcr! a ;
cvr taatml rrlW k coroa and bariona, f.mill
Floun, CmJtoua ua Sore Spot, h-jtafrratnt
Comfort dacovrrr of ta Try t to-tfaa,
Pod arenraherr. Ot. For FN EE tr-1 pacaga,
Addreca, A arm S. Cuaxei, Lc Koj, Y.
REVIEW WANT AOS
BRING RESULTS.
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
AND HIGH CLASS CAFE
The best of everything at reasonable a la carte price.
A Special 60c luncheon daily. Also $ 1 .00 dinner from
5:30 to 7:30 p, m. Regular Board by the month. $40:
$10 by the week.
Henry Poppen. Manager.
Review Want Ads Bring Results
The total expense of Thiel detec
tives in connection with the dyna
miting of Uie Aros home last spring
with the investigation of operations on
trains from Lordsburg and elsewhere
for liquor traffic and the cleaning ur
of bootlegging In Pima county was
JS.73S.13. it was announced at the
meeting of the board of supervisors in j
Tucson. The bills included railroad!
fares to many points in the state and
the fares of the detectives from their
headquarters in connection with the r
prosecutions.
Suit to test the validity of Ihe lam ,
giving the Arizona corporation com-'
mission power to regulate the sale Of;
stock of Anion a corporations, was'
begun yesterday morning at 1 oVlork I
at Los Angele. with PtstrV-t Judge
Sawtrlle. Circuit Judge John Ross and
District Judge Bledsoe as a full bencb i
to bear the case. The suit is brought
by the Arimna Motor Truck associa
tion aciinst the mrarai&sion. rharg
ing unlawful interference with its
business. Judge Stwtelle left Wed-j
neday afternoon for the coast, ac-j
companies by Moe Drachman. as
clerk of the court.
Wonder what lite kaicr pays Lenine? No matter
I what it is. it but enough.
Charmed to meet a genuine and ;
capable gunfighter in Sid Simpson.:
until recently deputy sheriff of inma
county. Douclas Fairbanks, wbo is in
Tucson, traded him a silver mounted
revolver with gold ornamentation for
the weapon us-ed by Simpoa in BjH
inc fie boittlegger. LarraguiheU in the
fight on Convent street in whH-h
S'mpson was severely mounded. Tbe
picture fighter and t!i fighter of real
lit beam chummy in the lobby ol
the Santa Rta hotel and Simpson
litok bis friend to the seeue of the
lKotlvpger fight. Fairbanks mill treas
ure the gun as a memento of the coun
try. Like other players he fo an ard
ent collector of objects miUi tntt'ret-t-Ins
asiociations. Tbe felf hat mhiib
be means mas acquired from an old
timer in the nurHi. since l-ad. mhisf
untiie ilMlutMty hiU-n.s.ttw tue star.
1
GAS
V
-ijMHK4im a--
For Heating
The portable gas neater will take the chill off quickly and make the
dining room comfortable at meal time, and it will be found conveni
ent, too, for heating tbe bed room and bath room. Any home with
out a central heating plant has use for a gas heater. We carry sev
eral different types prices $1.75 to $9.00... See them as well as
other gas appliances at our store.
Bisbee Improvement Co. THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SATURDAY MORNING, JANUARY 5, 1918.
FIVE
o - . -
-
'i
3
I
l
I
: !
i
4
j
I
- i
5
1
J
I
t
i
C
5
i
I
I
1
i
5
Review Want Ads
Advertisements under this bead
save, vtta a ntatmum charge of 26
Review office not later than 8 p. m.
Male Help Wanted
WANTED Dish washer Colorado
House, Jiggervtlle. Phone Black 764
. 173
LEARN actual ante repairing, book
keeping, shorthand, radio. engineer
Ins. T. It- a A, Los Angeles. Cat
alog tree.
WANTED Intelligent, industrious
man. capable of earning 1200 per
no, for Important position soon to
-be filled in Biabee. Apply in own
handwrtUsg. giving full information
of self, to P. S. Kantz. National
Bank of Arizona. Phoenix. 6
Female Help Wanted
WANTED Woman to come to house
to wash Tuesdays or Wednesdays
preerred. Phone 3 SO. 16S
WANTED A maid for general house
work and cooking. Phone (S3. (1381
WANTED Experienced cook
short order cook. Phone 393.
and
122
WANTED Woman to work in board
ing boose, married woman preferred.
Baby's boarding' noose.
Wanted
WANTED Two or more furnished
housekeeping rooms. Phone 63. (151)
WANTED To lease a four or five
hundred foot gasoline well drilling
machine. Address E C Bratton,
Bis bee, Arizona, General Delivery.
. 120
WANTED Horses and cattle to pa
tore. Millionaire Ranch. R. F. D. No.
L Box 25, McNeal Ariz. 118
WANTED Few gentlemen roomers.
with or without board. 8 SB on road
between Brewery Gulch and O. K.
street.. 86
For Sale.
FOR SALE CHEAP 5 room furnish
ed house. C13B Opera Drive. Call '
home after 4 w eek d ays a nd all j
day. Sundays.
174
FOR SALE One 1916 Hupmobile,
good condition. A bargain. Apply
C. H. Hogan. Bisbee Fuel Feed Co
office below Copper Queea IIocH.
1"
.1
FOR SALE Six room bouse all con -
venieacea." lot 70x100, one block
from car line. Price f 3,000. Box
615. Warren, Ariz. ISC
FOR SALE Chevrolet Car 1918 Model
New; Ui CCO dollars; including b
e,CnP-CSl1 reSt time PT"i
ments. Box 166a. 148,
FOR SALE On terms. 3 room hcnseA
chicken pen. rent IIZ.PO. Inquire
Cur HaU. Judge Frank Thomas.
. . ' (136)
X)R SALE Complete outfit of Lone
V star Grocery, Tombstone Canyon.
' , (137)
FOR SALE 1175.00
777.
Piano.
rhonej
U39J !
FOR SALE Furniture for five room
house: cheap if taken at once. House
for renL . Apply 210. Tombstone
Canyon. 155
FOR- SALE Doage roadster, model
1116; will demonstrate after 5:30 p.
m. First house back of Notman's.
Warren. L. V. Branch.
79-
HAVE 4 vacant lots in El Paso, to'
trade for light - automobile. Roy!
Benz, Newberry's barbershop. 23;
FOR SALE At sacrifice, account sick-
ness, the Home Industry Furniture
Company rooming house. Inquire j
Htnss Industry Furniture Store.!
LowelL 7S3
JtOR SALE Good paying, small busi-
N. aess. Suitable for twt ladies, or
man ana wiie. Aoaress oubinrr.s,
Box 132. Bisbee. 578!
FOR SALE Classy six cylinder road-;
ster. perfect condition; big bargain t
for cash. Ca U from 10 a. m. to 4 ;
p. m. yellow house, corner Masor 1
Ave and Tombstone Canyon. 102 .
FOR SALE Twelve stool lunch conn-;
ter. A money maker. Owner must j
seek lower altitude. Inquire ati
striped tent. LowelL 701
FOR SALE A No. 1 econd
,.-4
Ford tourins
Cafe. LowelL
Yi
PEITY DINK Right Away She Did.
SSar" f nLl N ' f hall S-wt it To . , vc Jc,- " T cu
I H I FROM FRa,uc- rrs a. w.-- M:i- V J ,' i4ZL Kuowi
MX,. 1 THE HATT TMt AVlATQgs) ) J X . Vi )
vJm tSa Mm UiyJmnr. y&fe 5 'm&'i sr. &m itv mm ""
J . . .ii - - . . 'v . . ij' . it i : '-j, "i ... . . . . ... . ... . v .
st the rate of 1 cent per word for each
cents, Advertisements must reach Th
for insertion in the next morning paper
For Sale
j
I
furnished '
FOR SALE Six -room
. house, also Jot. W chickens. Mike;"-"1; , TV
i.ZSZ v- r,.v.Hi,- ti-uo Fhelps. Lillie B. Phelps, John SchneU.
M Bakerrille, Pnce , EWnard R Jane IX) ud
' I J Mary Roe, Defendants.
v l. J t i By virtue of a decree of Foreclosure
rurnisheu Kooms land Sale granted by this Court in the
: j above entitled action, wherein the
FOR RENT 4 furnished housekeep- above named complainants obtained a
ing rooms with garage. Black 477. judgment and decree of foreclosure
173 against said defendants for the sum of
FOR RENT 2 furnished re-mis for
' housekeeping. 102 liq.ns Hill.
l?l
FOR RENT Tw
rooms. 14 Laundry
Shearer.
housekeeping
Hill. V. J.
169
FOR RENT Two nicely furnished
housekeeping rooms. No. 12 Jigger-
Tille 13;
! Z
FOR RENT 2 furnished rooms light
housekeeping. 2 S3
Temby Avenue.
1S1
nicely furnished
FOR RENT One
room with bath for one or two gent
lemen. 511 Hovland St Warren.
Arizona. 150
FOR RENT Batching room, light and
water. $S.00; pipe for gas. 67 Up
per Lowell. (62)
MisceHaneouj
GOSSARD GOODWIN AND LA CAM-'
ILLE CORSET SALE One fourth '
off on ail corsets. Ines Warburton, '
Expert Corsetiere. Call over Inde-'
pendent Feed Store. (153)
Board, and rooms. Colorado Hou.e.
Jiggerville. Phone Black 764. 178
FOR EXPERT piano tuning, work insa and in AssociaUon. a Corpora
guaranteed. Raymond Martmi. Red tioUt complainants, vs. Chesley Car-53-
937 Knter and Mauie Carpenter. John
BLACKSMITH. Horseshoeing. Re
paring of all kinds, also place for
automobiles to park: springs welded
a specialty. Mason Blacksmith, Low
eU. J. L. Strajick. 629
Money To Loan.
! SMALL quick loans on your personal
note to salaried men and women, al
so on furniture. Cox Lona Co. Room
2. Lyric Theatre building. 166
For Kent
1 FOR RET Two room horse
nUhed for light housekeeping,
Yonngblood Hill
iur
182
. I FOR RENT Batching quartern 176
Road. Holbrook op
YX)K RENT - New modern 3 room
house, furnished or unfurnished. J.
o Pra Drive.
134
-poR RENT Nicely
furnished house.
with garage, in Warren. Lawn and (14o) according to mcp entitled. JTai
trees, etc Inquire M. Moore. Phone of Douglas Townsite made by E. G.
437. 800 Howe. C. E, dated Jan. 12. 1901. as
FOR RENT OR SALE 3 room toe.
bathroom, sleeping porch. Wood
Canyon. Apply J. Reed.
Cochise.
157
FOR RENT Modern 5-ro.n i apart
ment; close in. Apply Joe Dicken-
stem, next to Review office, store.
SO
FOR RENT Three room
house, fur-
j nished. Joe Pharaoh. Jones Hill.
j (154)
I.OS1
; LOST A ladies brooch, maple leaf.
between Catholic church and 'His
cins mine. Return to naval recruit-
in office 17
j LOSXP,r fieid piaSses on rocd be-
tween Tombstone and Douglas..
Signal corps U. S. A. stamped on
tubes: cover black; fair sole leath
er case. Leave at Review
and receive 110 reward.
lOt Grav sweater somewhere on
tvui.i.. r.i.. mari vmrtor
Douglas or Gleason road, lender
return to Review office. C. 3t
FOITNTI
FYr NT OoTH mr.trh Tombstone Can -
yon, Sunday nighL
Schwartz Bros
125
.
PROFcSSIOKfcL CARDS
i pat ri T-mv n&intpr vmher
1 t. i j ,. r-, t. na-. u:
REVIEW WANT .DS r Ort RESULTS
Legal Notices.
NOTICE OF MORTGAGE SALE
In Equity No. E-23, Tucson.
In the United States District Court for
the District of Arizona.
Sims Ely. Receiver jf Arizona Ma-
tual Savings and Loan Association, a
Corporation, and Arizona Mutual iSav-
mss nd J0An Association, a Corpora-
Five Hundred Sixty-six and a-lLc
(1566.45) Dollars, with interest, costs
of suit, attorney's fees and fees anu
expenses of sale, which said judgment
and decree was entered on the 5th da
of December, 1917. in the office of tht
Cerk of said Court at Globe, Arizona
:lte undersismed. Clifford R. McFalL
Special Master in Chancery, duly
appointed in this action .or saw
purpose, will sell at public aucuon to
the highest and- best bidder, on the
12th day of January. A. D. 191$. at
3:30 o'clock p. m. of that day, at the
' n'jnt door or the county court House
of Cochise County, at the City ot
' Tombstone. Arizona, the following de
scribed property, to-wit:
Lots Numbered Forty-four (4) and
Forty-five (45) in Block Numbered
Nine (9) of the Townsite of Eisbee. C
ctise County, Territory, now Slate, of
Arizona.
CLIFFORD R- McFALL.
Special Master in Chancery.
Dated at Phoenix. Arizona, tiiis lt'th
day of December, 1917. 247
NOTICE OF MORTGAGE SALE
In Equity No.E-22, Tucson.
In the United States District Court for
the District of Arizona.
Sims Ely, Receiver tjf Arizona M
H:al Savings and Loan Association, a
Pnrnnratinn rd Arizona Vutual'Sav-
Doe. Richard Roe, Jane Doe and Mary
Koe. Defendants.
By virtue of a decree of Foreclosure
and Sale granted by this Conrt In the
above entitled action, wherein the
above named complainants obtained a
judgment and decree of foreclosure
against said defendants for the sum of
One Thousand Sixty-nine and 26-100
(S 1069.26- Dollars, with interest. cOsts
of suit, attorney's fees and fes and
expenses of sale, which said judgtuen;
and decree was entered on the 5'h da?
of December. 1917. in the oJiice ot the
Cierk of 6aid Court at Globe. Arizona,
the undersigned. Clifford R. McFiiII,
: a Special Master in Ctancery. duly
appointed in this action f jr such
pjrpose. will sell at public aucticn to
tte highest and- best bidder,
on tht
Uth day Of January. A D. l&iS. at
!0 o'clock p. m. of that ilay. at taelnct ce ot inter iion to cake three -ar
fi'jnt door of the Coun'y Cour; House
at Cochise Countr. at tr:e Ci:y !
Tombstone. Arizona, the following de
scribed property, to-wit:
Lost Numbered Twenty-seven (27).
Twentv-eicht (2S). and Twenty-nine
("9 in Block One Hundred Forty-fiv
amended" and filed in the office of the
County Recorder of said Cochise Coun
ry. Arizona.
CLIFFORD R. McFALL,
Special Master In Chancery.
Dated at Phoenix. Arizona, this 10;h
d;y of December, 191". 217
NOTICE OF MORTGAGE SALE
In Equity No. E-19. Tucson
In the United States District Court for
the District of Ariztraa.
Sims Ely. Receiver of Arizona Mu
tual Savings and Loan Association, a
Corporation, and Arizona Mutual Sav
ings and Loan Association, a Corpora
tion. Complainants, vs. Arthur J. Col
lins. Arthur J. Collins. Executcr Vf Es
tate of Margaretie E. Collins. John
Doe, Richard Roe, Jane Doe, and Mary
Rtv TWfpniiants
By virtue ot a decree of foreclosure i John S. Williams. Jr,
and sale granted by this Court in the ' Executor of the la?t Will and Testa -
above entitled action, wherein the'ment of Mary Morris, deceased.
office shove-named complainans obtained a ;
,,- judgment and decree of foreclosure :
"'.against said defendants for the sura'
oi une inousana uneen ana .o-ji".',
tJ1015.75) DoUars. with interest costs
(f luia-.s) uouars. wun interest, cosis
attorney s tees ana tees anc
expenses of sale, which said judgment .
'and decree was entered on the 5;h'
! day of December. 1917. in the office
! of tie Clerk of said Court at Globe.
' Arizona, tne unaersytnea. cimcra k.
: McFall. a Special Master in Chancerv-.
: duly appointed In this artion ;Vr such
; purpose, will seU at public auclion to
' 12th day of January. A. D. 191S. at
!-3:S0 o'clock p. m. of that day. at the
' . ri . . .V. .
Mouse ot . m 11150 1 ouui.s a l 1 n cr v 1 1
bf Tombstone. Arizona, the following
described property. to-wit:
Lots twenty-seven (27) twen'.y-etjht
(2S) aud twenty-a ne (25) in BRck
numbered Seventeen (17) of trie Town
of Benson, Cochise County. Arizona
Territory, new State, as per of.'icial
map cf said town, on record in tie of
fice jf the Count y Recorder of said
Cochise Countv. Arizona.
CLIFFORD R McFALL.
Special Master in Chancery.
Dated at Phoenix. Arizona, this 10;U
day of December. 1917. 217
NOTICE OF MOR GAGE SALE
In Equity. No. E-24. Tucson
In the United States District Court for
the District of Arizona.
Sims Fly. Receiver af Arizona Mu-
'ual Savings and Loan Association, a
Corporation, and Arizona Mutual Sav-
":ngs and Loan Association, a Corpora-
tion. Complainants, vs. The Stone-
house Company, incorporated. J. W.
Stonehouse, and Daisy Storehouse, De-
fendants.
By virtue of a decree of Foreclosure
and Sale granted by this Curt in the
above entitled action, wherein the
bove named complainants obtained a
judgment and decree cf foreclosure
against said defendants for the sum of
One Thousand One Hundred Eighty
six and 7S-100 (U1S6) Dollars, with
interest. costs cf suit, attor
ney's fees and fees and expenses;
tf sale. which said judgment
and decree was entered on the ":'i day
of December. 1917. in the of'i-.-e of the
Clerk of said Court at Glebe. Arizona.
the undersigned. Clifford IL McFjiL
a Special Master in Chancery, duly
appointed in this ac:ion for such
purpose, win sea at puonc auction to
the highest and- best bidder, on the
mh day of January. A. D. 191S. at
3:30 o'clock p. m. cf that day, at the
frtint door of the County Court Htout-e
of Cochise County, r.t the City of
Tombstone. Arizona, the fcliowin;
de-
scribed property, to-wit:
All t:jse carts of Lois numbered
one (1) two (2) and three (3) in ,
Block numbered forty-fire (45). de-!
scribed as fallows: Beginning st the
Southeast corn?r o said Block forty
five (45) and running thence North 48
feet: thence West seventy-five (75)
feet: thence South 48 feet, thence
East 75 feoL to the p'acc of beginning.
Town of Douglas, Cochise County, An
r.'nt, CLIFFORD R." McFALL.
Special .Msstcr in Chance:y. '
Dated at Phoenix. Arizona, this l'Vh
day of December. 1917., 2i7
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior. U. S.
Lard Office at Phienix, Arizona.
December 23. 1917.
Notice is hereby eiien that Charles
N. TUcmas of B.sl ee, Arizona, who on
August S. 1-.-17. made Horn Meal Kv.-
tn- No. for N. 1-2. NE. 1-4. Sec.
21. ".V. 12 NW. 1-4. SE. 1-4 NV. 1-4.
NE 1-4. SV. 1-4. NW. 1-4 S. 1-4. Sec-
j tion Tcwnhip 22 S.. Rane 23 E,
G. i S. R. B. and Meridian, ha filed
proof to establish claim to the land
hovp dcribed. before !. Tsy.
lor. U. S. Commissioner, at Bisbee.
Arizona, on the 4th day of February.
1918.
Claimant names as witnes-cs:
William F. Munch. Edward E.
Thomas George W. Keahey. George
F. Cobbe. all of Bisbee. Arizona.
JOHN L. IRViN.
Reciste-.
First publication. Jan. 3, 151S. 127
Last publication Feb. 4. 1!1S.
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT
In the County of Cochise. State of
Arizona
NOTICE TO CREDITORS
Estate of Mary Morris, decease!.
Notice is hereby givt-n by the under
signed. Executor of the last Will ar.d
Testament of Mary Morris deceased,
to the creditors of and all persons hsv
injr claims against the said deceased,
to exhibit them, with the necessary
vouchers within four months after the
first publication of this notice to the
said Executor at tne law cnices ot
r.uinw ooa a- koss. i:soee. Arizona.
the same being the place for the
tate. in sairt rontv of rvv-iise.
Dated Bisbee. Arizona, this 29th day
of December. 1917.
First publication January 5. 191S.
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT
in
tse County of Coch sc SUte cf
Arizona
NOTICE TO CREDITORS "
E--tate of Mary A. Sutherland, de-
ceas"d.
Notice is hereby given by the under -
signed. Admint?trator or tne t-staie ot
Marv A. Sutherland deceased.
tO the.
creditors of and all persons
nav .n
claims against the said deceased, to i
exhibit them, with the necessary
vouchers within foir months arter the.
firrt nuMicatieti of this notice f the
. J A . . t n. . .hn l,w AffiMi;
miu ,iuiMuisu.iui v . 'n- -- . 1. .
of EIHnwood & Ross, Bisbee. Arizona,
'the same being the plare for the
transaction of the business of said es-
tate, in saiJ County of Cochise.
John G. Sutherland.
Administrator or the Estate cf Mary
A. Sutherland. decea'd.
Dated I5i-t-ee. Arizona, this 29ih day
d December. 1917.
First publication January 5. 191 S.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior.
I. S. LAND OFFICE at Phoenix.
Arizona. Dec. 15, 1317. j
1 NOTICE is hereby given that'
Charles R. Hannon. of Bisbee. Arizona. ;
wno on May IS. 1917. made Home-.
siead Entry No. 02S444. for hE 1-4.'
Section 27. Township 22 S. Range 23'
EL. G. & S. R. Meridian, has filed not-,
;ce cr inenti;n to make five-year j
rroof. to establish claim to the land,
cboe described, before Jared D. 1
Taylor. I. S. Commissioner, at Bisbee,
Arizona, on the 23rd day of January,
191$.
claimant names as witnesses:
John A. Waliace. Peter B rane.
Reuben Fitter. Mack Cleveland, all of
Bisbee. Arizona.
J. L. IRVIN. Kesister."
Adv. 937!
First Publication. Dee. 20. 1917.
Last Publication. January 23. 1918.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION. I
Department of the Interior.
U. S. LAND OFFICE at Phoenix.,
Arizona. Dec 15. 1917.
NOTICE is herebv given that Julius
E. Haase. tf Hereford. Arizona, who.
cn March 4. 1914. made Homestead
Entry No.,024529 for SE 1-4 Sec 19. T.
S R. 22 E- and on March 1. 19la.
made Additional Homestead Entry,
No. 02it;S4. for IH 3 and E i-2 and E
1-2 SYV 1-4. Section 19. Township 23
S, Range E. C. S. R. B. and Meri
dian, has filed notice of intention to
make taree-year Proof, to establish
i claim to the land abtove described, be
fo:e Jared D. Taylor. U. S. Commis-
sioner. at Bisbee. Arizona, on the 23rd
dav of January. 1918.
Claimant names s witnesses:
Herman Hsase. Samuel C. Giles
Leslie Wilcox. Frank C Cobbe, all ol
Hereford. Arizona.
J. L. IRVIN. Register.
Adv. 935
First Publication. Dec 20. 1917.
Last Publication, January 23. 191$.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior.
U. S. LAND OFFICE at Phoenix.
Arizona. Dec. 13. 1917.
NOTICrl is hereby given that Joseph
Stoais. of HereSrd. who, on OcL 16.
1913. r.iai'e Homestead Entry Na
C23537 for V 1-2 SV 1-4. and S 12 NYV
1-4. Sec. 33. T. 2" R 21 F. and on
Oct. 23. 1915. nade" aJditional home-j
stead entry. No. OiSCii. for N. 1-2. and i
W. 1-2 NE 1-4. S-?cuoa C2..Tcwn?h:p j
23 S.. Kinge 21 E G. t S. R. n. and
Meridiia. has filed notice or irttentior
to makp t;irce-year Froof. to estabiis).
;!aini to the land aitve dsscribeu. be
fore Jared D. Tavlr. U. S. Co-anil
sioner. at Bisbee. Arizona, on the -2nd
i n-i
.i .ihM'
incoVh yjtiesti" navton E. Graham,
Jr both of Hereford. Arizona: Lewis
T. Wolfe. Ben Morgan, both of Garces.
Arizona.
J. L. inlN, Register
. .. . Vil" S3J
T Ti.Kli.nfi.in 1. nnarv lti
. - '
NOTICE OF APPLICATION
S. PATENT!
FOR U.
; Mineral Survey No. 337.
Serial No. 03635.
. United States Land Otnce. Phoenix.!
October 31. 1917-
Notice is herebv given that R. A
Rretherton and C. M. Henkel. co-own
: ers. whose postorhce address is Bisbee : aining a net area ot 12.860 acre. ex
Arizona, have made application foi ! pressly exoludins aera in onaict with
' iatcnt for the following named lode Survey No. 2412. Apache lode of O-iU
iiinics claims, situated in the Warren 1 crs.
Mining District. Cochise county. Aruo- S The location notices ot these claim
. nx sections 13 and 14. Tcwnship
. ,
Kaase 24-E. anapt roved. G. S. R.
I B. & M . Oescribed as t".llo. to-wit:
: "ROCKLAND" Eeginning at cbraer
i Na 1. the S, E. corner, whence the
1 Wl-4 cor. sec IS T. 23-S. R. 25-E. G.
, S. R. B. ft M. bears S.7S 5S' E. 32S3.9
foot: ttecce N. S3' 34 W, 115S.70 feet
to corner No. 2: thence N. 7S TO" W
v ,..Ir. v
2 14 W. 574 feet to comer Na 4:
c" ' w lu
' uvr d .lructr o. v c rvw irri
1 "O rtrner Na 1. the p!rce of beginning.
containing a net area of 18.65$ acres.
i evpressly excluding area la conflict
; wjt) Survey No. 315$, Rolls lode ot
i 155 acres.
,.rT iri' xir-v DA..ri.. .
1 . . . ...
I r.er iva 1. tn i corner, wr.rce lav
Wl-4 crr. of Sec. IS. T. 23-S. R. 25-E. G.
. m rm f b n
s. k. u. .m. Dears . - ua- r
177 feet: thence N. 7? 20 W. 115..
I Eft aama - XT
.n. n w ivmn . .uvuiv ... w
Lodge
BISBEE LODGE. NO. 713.
leU every Frutaj al. stoone HaU.
. Uitxjg brothers cordi -1 inrlud.
V. K. TONKIN, Dictator.
EAT ROSS. Secretary.
tOVAL. ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OR AMERICA,
OREADNOUGHT.
U O. l NO. 210.
Meets la L O.I
F. Hall nrst ,
MONDAY
at 7:30 P- m
Via! ting broth
re cordlailj
Invited to at
tend.
JKO
SLEEMAN. W. M.
ROBERT FERGUS. Secretary
P. O. Box 426. Bis be.
WEEK ENDING JAN. 10. 1918.
Monday
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday Blue Reg.
Friday
Sat. Red Cross and K. T.
v L.USOt. v .
- T. WATKIN'S. Secy. F A
v M. COLWELL. E. H. P.
' F. PHILBROOK, T. L U
I FRY K. C
' S. DAVENPORT. Secretary ChspU
and CbmmaAdery.
V R. BANKS. 8ecreUry Cowoefl.
T. F. B.
FRATERNAL
BROTH ERHOOt
Bisbee Lodge Nc
43 meets the 1r
and 3rd Mondayi
of each month t
7:30 at Medlgo
vich HaU. Visit
members cordially rovttew.
HIL. DAVT3. President
XRS. C. E. FINOTTI. Treasur
Box 722. TeL 236, Red.
KATHE5JNE SALHCLM. Socretaxj
PYTHIAN SISTERS.
Uly Templ6, No. Sheets every 2ns
usa 4th Thursday evening of eact
nonth at Odd FeUows' Ha'L Visluni
.stcr are corai&lly invited.
NNA KART. M. E. C.
JEET SViEENEY, M. of R. t
... v
. - . ti.e0 teet t comer No. 3
i i.n. S. 2 C4" W. frt o cor-
aer N. 4; thence S. 78 2V' E. 15'iO
i .eet to corner No. 5: thence S. 2 04
j . ji7.60 fee: to corner No. 1. the plac?
j ti beginning, cor.taiuinj a net area of
J -(J ji; acrvs expressly excluding area
! n coultict with Sunshine lod of thi
UTVey Ol acre.
-SUNSHINE". Et ginning at corner
i -O- 1. the S. 1 corner, whence the W
! 1-4 cur ot Sec IS. T. 23-., R. 25-E, G.
I i S. R. R i- M. bears S. 7S 51 E. .-
- J56 feet; tnxnee S. 82 04 W. 9.30
i ."eet to corner No. 2; thence N. 1 41
i 7
2. 600 teet to corner No. 3; thence N
' ;l s' E. 9'Via feet to corner Na 4;
' -hence S. 1,41 W. 601-M feet to cor
i ier No. 1. the place of besinnins. cou-
3. ; are recorded in the once 01 the coun-
ty Recorder ot Cochise county. Arixo
aa, as follows:
Rockland. Book 43. Record ot Mine.
page 137.
Black Ben. Book 49, Record of Mines
page 13
Sunshine.- 5c ok 49. Record ot Mines
pa 1J9.
The names tt the adjoining claims to
this survey are: on the north. Survey
No. 2412. Arache lode: Neglected and j
nn-. uasurveyed: owned by applicant
"lereia: Warren lode. unRurreytd; on
the East Survey Na 315S. KoUa lode;
an the Sou Ji Survey No. 1794. GrenteU
lode; Survey Na 2176, Cartuelita and
Comna ltdes: Survev Na 2221 Shat
tTI. V Vn - a-1.1 Ciirritv V 31.2 1. r.
j . j .v. - .
"'i.i i.iu vu.uus iuurw ra mfl
Survey Na 1794. Calumet loda
, V W WW V W S
j. i ii.vt.i. zvrKmivr.
First publication. Nov. 7. 1917.
T . . t miSTl.,t,Afk Tan V VS1S
- w.v.,- v .
, a
.mm
Notices
"JUNIOR ORDER LIMITED AMERl
CAN MECHANICS.
MeU tn sfedigovich
Hall, second and fourth
Tuesdays each month.
Vhdtlng krothers wai-
F. D. LANE. Councillor.
J- L BENTON, Rsoording Secretary
LODGE NO. rn.
Retalar meeting first and thlrt m
coniduy tovited to attend.
T. A. KELLT. Secrstary
FRATERNAL ORDER EAGLES.
Biabee Aerta. Na 17L f.aL meets
am and third MONDAYS. S.
Kaxles HalL Viattora cordially s4
oma.
41 CHARD DAVIS. President.
C L. EDMONSON. Aerie Physlcia.
KNIGHTS AND LADIES OF SECUR
rnr. bisbee council no. 2115
Meets every Second and Fourth Sat
urdays ia the Bftnta at L O. O. F.
baa. 7:30 . m. Vlsltimg aembsra ar
cordially invited.
ARNOLD SCHMID Pridnt. P. C
Box :4$3. Lowell. Aria.
FREDERICK J. ATTAWAT.
Secretary, Lbweil
E. UNDQUIST.
FlnancuU Secretary. P. O. Box 334.'
Lowell.
ISBEE LODGE. NiiLL&ap.
Meets every
WEDNESDAY
eveutnf at Odd
Fellows HalL
Main street at T:M p. m. VUlUnjt
brothers cordially invited "a attend.
Wall phone 119.
GEO. M UNSET. N. O.
C D. KTRBT. Secretary.
IMPROVED ODER RED MEN.
Meets Brst sou thlrn
Thsrsdsys at p. m.
tn MedUovtca HsJ. AU
rtaiung R4 Men invite
to attend.
SAM RTALL .Sachem.
W. D. COHEN. Medicine Mas
F. C. FENDERSON. C of H.
MODERN WOODMEN OF. AMERICA
zrfp- Bisbe Camr No 13416.
Meets am Twesaay j
Odd Fellows HalL
R, L MOTl Cons iL
H. V MATKEWSON.
UJriL
ORDER OF EASTERN STAR.
meets tn Masonic HaP
Peart Cnapter. Na C. meets
tn Masonic Hall second and
tcurth Tuesday of sac
month at 7: SO p. m.
MRS. ANNA C RICHARDS. W. M.
Phone 230. P. a Box S4L Bisbee
MRS JESSE BEVAN. SecT- P. a Box
2239, Chairman Relief Com. Phone 1SL
WOODMEN OF THE WOLD,
Lowell Camp Na 46 will
meet every Wednesday
at 7:30, Bropby Bst
,11. C LANDAU. C a
a B. THOMAS, aera
AU woodmen invited.
BROTHERHOOD OF AMERICAN
YEOMAN
Richard L Homestead meets
i second, and fourth Tuesday at Odd
Fellows' haU. Visiting Archer ar
: cordially invited.
MRS. C. C F1VLAYSON. It) reman
P. a Box 1526.
E. D. STINSON. Correspondent.
Box 149C
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS
Ratabone Lodge Na 10.
Knights ot Pythias
meets each Thursday
(except second) ia Odd
Fellows Uatt at 7:30
p. m. Vlalttag brothers
cordially invited.
FRANK BRCNING, C. C,
1. C KRIGnAOt. K. of R. S.
By CA. VOIGIiT
CD THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SATURDAY MORNING, JANUARY 5, 1918.
SIX
ORPHEUM THEATRE IJSSffi JAN. 4
NTRAL TIEATSE!
Theatrical Event Of the SeaSOn h j TONIGHT "Where Evcr-body Goes to See Good Shows' TONIGHT
Bit DAINTY MUSICAL COMEDY Of YOUTH
and Saturday
COMMENCING 6:15
and Saturday
PAYNE & HILL'S
"BP
i
ft
r
ONE YEAR- HEW YORK &CHICAG0
:''VStS-3'jSrON&PHILADLPl
A
A STORY OF LOVE, ROMANCE AND GAIETY,
SACCHARATED WITH HUMOR, SONG AND
DANCES GALORE BOOK AND LYRICS BY PHILIP
BARTHOLOMEW MUSIC BY SYLVO HELM.
THE SAME SPLENDID CAST, INCLUDING RAY
PRUETTE, JR., LORAIN LESTER, ABBOT ADAMS,
MAE FINCH, ROY BARTHOLOMEW, CARRIE
GLENN, F. C PALMER, CAROLIE CLIFTON AND
THE
YOUNGEST, DRESSIEST, DANGEST
PRETTIEST CHORUS III AMERICA
THE MOST EFFECTTVE MUSICAL COMEDY
YOUR SENSE OF FEELING BETTER "GROWS
THERE IS NOT A DULL MOMENT
PRICES $1.50 $1.00 75c and 50c Flus War Tax
MAIL AND TELEPHONE ORDERS NOW
J j? 11
f Mi It "A
20 PEOPLE-MOSTLY GILLS
In the 1-Act Farce
"BROWN'S AFFAIRS."
JULIETTE DAY
IN MUTUAL LATEST STAR PRODUCTION
"THE RAINBOW GIRL"
ADMISSION 20 AND 30 CENTS THIS INCLUDES WAR
,VAR TAX J
8
API C TOIL? A TDE
GREATER STARS
CONTINUOUS FROM 1 TO 11
GREATER PLAYS
JULIAN ELTINGE
IN
"The Countess Charming"
Another Great Paramount Art craft Success
By GARDNER HUNTING
When you see Julian Eltinge "all dolled up" in feminine finery you'll know why he is
called the greatest impersonator of women in the world.
As a Russian countess he surpasses anything he has ever done in his unique field.
Don't miss this play of fun and thrills... As "man to man or "woman to woman' Mr.
Eltinge will appeal to you immensely in this brilliant story... We guarantee that you
will see him again if you see this one.
Lower Floor
lic
tiesrve4 Seats
WOMAN IS CLEVER
IH FIRST PHOTOPLAY
ADMISSION: MATINEE 15 CENTS.
NIGHT, 15 CENTS AND 25 CENTS
City Briefs
Has anyone visited you? Or
have yon entertained ? If bo. call
the Eeview after p. m. and tell j
the Society Editor. Phone 33.
to the righL If the city of Tombstone j YOU CAN HELP.
wants him back it is probable that the j Any person who ever stamps a let-
Bisbee police force can be prevailed j ter has an opportunity to help make'
upon to send him back to the county j the postoffice more efficient by put- j
seat. uougias anew max tsisDee i ting the stamp on proper!. If a
was taking the traffic ccps they might three-cent stump is placed on the let
get suspicious that she was beginning ter it should be stuck in the unner
i to mow the county seat. I ritht band corner. If a two-cent and
i a one-cent stamp, or three one cent
Mr. Eltinge is 'appearing today and
Sunday in his first photoplay, "The
Ccuntess Charming. at the Eagle
theatre. This is the climax of a meteor
ic career during the course of which
Vr. Eltinge has appeared in most of
the larce cities of this country and at
tained a fame seldom equaled in the
theatrical world.
Few If any stars of stage or screen
can boast tbe popularity of Julian
Elrin.ee. foremost impersonator of
feminine roles and the fact that he is
s- well known is especially remark
able because he has never appeared
ir. any except the largest cities. There
have been many alluring offers from
managers in the smaller towns and
thousands of perple have been disap
pointed in not seeing him. But now
that Julian Eltinge has at last con
sorted to appear before the motion
picture camera, he ill travel to the
smallest and most remote village o'
the country as well as to the large
metropolis. His first picture, "The
C' untess Charming" which was writ
ten for him by Carolyn Wells and
Gelett Burgess wi!l be shown at
iba Eagle theater.
I'M LOOKirVCr FOR THE
QEST FILM
j pS HOW
I V
)
SAVE YOUR eyesight
ILUTcLL
To soinfrh
GO TO THE
LYRICS
THEATER j
"A Champion of
the Law"
A Further Adventure of
"STINGAREE"
Featuring TRUE BOARDMAN in his
original character of STINGAREE.
"His Old Fashioned
Dad"
A drama of sacrifice, heart interest and
Adventure, Featuring
Daniel Gilfathcr and
Mollie McConnell
"Professional Patient" Comedy
irCTenwrgMijiiwiiraaaBSdat
i
I DAVE PIERCE ILL. (stamps are nsed, they should he put
I Word was received In Bis bee last -in a. row heirinnin In hi Tinner risrit
evening by Mrs. Small that her son,;CsEd comer and estendirr to the left
TO FLORENCE. j I3Vld S. Pierce, a local boy who en-,t the top of the envelope, stamps'
C. Estes left yesterday for Tempe. listed la the army some months ago. running parallel with the address. If
where he goes on a visit to his famiiy Is seriously m in the naval hospital stamps are put up and down in a
for a few weeks. j rt Vt Snell, Virginia, following an j row or scattered over the letter orj
. operation. placed on the back it is an impedi-l
TO TOMBSTONE. ; ment to efficiency. Evenr letter on i
Atiprroy Alexander Murray went to PRELIMINARY POSTPONED. I which stamps are not placed properly.
Tombstone this morning to attend the : The preliminary examination of Carl ' t&a to be assorted, set aside and hand
superior court where he had two cases Stone, charged with the killing of Dan i stamped. Letters with stamps on'
that came op for hearing. j Mayber at Lowell on Christmas eTe, j them properly can be run through aa
I which was to haTe ben heard before . electric machine at a rapid rate, but
WAS IN DOUGLAS. j Judge Winters on yesterday was! ft takes manv times as long to 6tatnp
Rev. J. C, Krigbaum, of the Presby-r postponed on account of the iUnes of I lotto.-. h f .v
terian church in this city, has been " the judge, until next week. Judge j tir,e uken to assort them.
iu uuutas un -jl ish 10 inraus. ns . winters is Bulletin g rrom an attack ox
was formerly located ia that city. lagrippe.
Y GIVES BIG MOVIE
SHOW THIS EVENING
23 and 26. He will give lectures on
mine and social safety a the Y. M. C.
A.
A big educational rally will be hehL'
Ar.nouncpr.ients of courses wi'.i ye
made between the r'tls Saturday eAe
r.i.ie. and the se-rctary -i;i be there,
to see men durir.g the day.
L. L. Gilraan sells the New Edison.!
"the phonograph with a souL"
PRIVATE SANITARIUM.
Call Black 573 lor terms, etc
Advertisemeai 974
The Y. M. C. A. i given a big free
movie show tonieht in tie gymna
sium. There will be a comedy "Care-j
lessness." A travelog from Aiertica .
nd a -picture of vorkmen in action
will cocn-lete the rrognun. There j
will be five full reels. They are aili
just out and come from the govern-
meat Y. M. C. A. joist supply. j
Mr. Dickinson, of the state mine bur- j
eau. will be here next on January 24. ;
Easiness Locals
Or. Piayfilr. Osteopata. SS MastiB j
Hill. Mason car stop. Phohd Clue fit? '
(It. S73
DR. HELENE T. WEBB t
Has opened parlors for chiropody and j
manicures at the Posron Apirtmer-ts.
Adv. KS '
E-pert ppr ean?er an3 pai"!er. C
J Erndt- Thone :. Bex laiV 5i0
SULPHUR DIVIDENDS ENORMOUS
$100.00 invested in the Freepor: Sul
phur Company two Jars av. Ni"
WORTH $759.0(.
$lw.0O invested with the I'nion Sul
phur Co. twenty years a?o. .vA"
WOKTIl $13,400.00.
The WARREN SCLriU'R AVI Oil.
Co. is offering you tbe same oportunUy
t.-d iy. ineUsate at once.
Kor tall particulars SEE
K. FRUiClS CO.
E. B. Mason Hldg. lwe!I. Arit.
Phone 701 P. O. ltox :'il7
Adv. 147
ROCKHILL'S STAGE.
nisbee-ToT.bstne. Lcaes PUt-ee
' liislee Auto Co.. I a. m.. 1:0 p. uk 7
passenger cars. Capful drivrrs.
Phone. lUsbee 5. Adv
BUY YOUR COS5ARD CORSET
I NOW!
One-fourth off ra all 0Pr?(. Uses
WarWruiu. over Independent l J
' Store. Adv. 1"C
Need s"as.-e? See Dr. Srhc'.l tbe
well known optician ef Tucson at the
Copper Queen Hotel on his resulsr
visit, on Sund.iy of tl.is wee, and un
til Monday eenint only. Ienins
until eUht. A!v. 177
DO YOUR BIT.
That Bis bee and vicinity are the
harbor for many alien enemies and the
BACK FROM PHOENIX. I HAS BEEN TRANSFERRED.
E. A Tovrea. the butcher, has re-i F. G. Twitchell. well known here, ,, i, nr r.mrmnn evmr.
turned from a trip to Phoenix where' and formerly division engineer of thejtkj,er3 n indisputable fact, ac-i
he went to secure a shipment of beef1 ate highway system, stationed itijng to federal authorities of thisi
cattle for his markets here and at Tucson, and lately connected with the I cjty 0ae does not have to be , ,,1
Douglas. ! 15Sth infaatry. has been transferred ' xxxe to find out tnat ta certin lo. i
jto the 23rt enrineers on his own aalu!e3 prHrman propaganda is
FOR PHOENIX. -plication. He daily expertme ord-; pienUftt! and a man er.
The following passenrers left over ers to go from Camp Kearney to Camp on, around fcere re strojlc
tt p- &" s. for P&oenix yes- Lieutenant Twitchell attend- i German that they are anti United
terlay: E. Craig. W. A. Tucker. Hueh ed th first officers training camp at j Sute- tney My
Carlson Oscar Morris and Mr. and the Presidio, 'here he received his! For tne3e the rovernnient!
Mrs. J. R Smith. commiss.on and has been rery anx.ous ; officia,s afe kIn f in. -
'I V !Limr2f .thrf r"" formation and knowledge concerning!
TO LOS ANGELES. he has been trained In that line. j aUen enemies. German sympathizers
The following parties left Thnrs- i I and spies or the names of anyone who
day evening on the Golden State Limit AT THE Y TONIGHT. j i3 BUBpected of carrying on anythingT
ed. which was on time, for Los Anee-I There will be a big free moving pic-i w0irh might in any way interfere with '
les: Mrs. Elmer Glenn. W. P. Web- trre show and open house at the Y.tne 8UCCesSful prosecution or the war.;
ber. John Matteson. Louis Melzer.'M. C. A. this evening at 7:30. Aj xan,es of persons giving such in-f
Maria Vialia. comedy. "Carelessness." a film made . form8ltion kept in Hct con-
; by travelers m Anrennna. and several f;aence. Information shou'd be given '
SENDS GREETINGS. ; pictures or the Miami Inspiration mine. to tne Vnixed SUtes Deputv Marshal.!
A telegram was recently received will be reeled off. the offi-Pr. f th. nenntv'
from J?mes S. Douglas In France wish-: There will be announcements of the. sherjffg wk0 wji communicate with'
ing all his friends in Arizona a harpv educational V work between films, and! th j- ,, r j,,.,!. ,., .., ,K I
Ne- Year and damn the Boches. He an education rally. Do not fail to seefnatter tboronFh,v investigated.
Is with the American Red Cross In this. The films are the newest, up-1
France. , to-date things on the market, and are A KES A SUCCESS
.furnished by the government, the i.,i,M.i a t d-..v,h
ON BUS.NESS V,S.T. -nd the Y. M. C. A. ! of "1
Charles Holtzer distnctwmmerclal tocher. j to Fay recarding the success of Mrs.
agent for the Wes ern Tnloa Tele- On January 24. ;a and 26 Mr w & McKeehsn. wife of the saftv
graph comoany. is In the city for D1"kin-.on. state mine sarety engineer. ; dlppctor of .k. CoDner Oueen
few days on business connected with iU be in town and will give talks ! "JI -r rPPT Qun
the compary. He makes his head t the T. M. C. A.
quarters in Tucson.
f . - i i t. - - i . mt i mmmm mm
. . .- . ' 1
company
"Mrs. W. E. McKeehan. Leslie Can-
WELL KNOWN HERE. . ! TOn h," XV,Ut 8UTSS ltt Vf'
Otts H. Goetz. who has been ar-t"'-' k j - -
ie ii nuACaiiv
rnwtniA. E - w -uif .-r i - n,. nid ..1:
Harry Jennings, chairman of the rested !n El Paso on a charge of be-; T tm. ki
democratic central' committee of Co-i Ing a German spy. is well known in ,ne u,.Vlr i!i I ,
chle county, is Fpendine a few dthis city and while he was stationed wan!ted ,to r.(l.hens nd.'.T
in Phoenix. It is not known whether! at Naco wiih the First Arizona made," " ,m"st .TLT L",
he went there on mininr business or; rreuent visits to this city. One eve- I" ,orke" uh she
whether be hopes to get in on the pie! ning he was standing in Brewery "1- These turkeys are now tat.
that is being distributed by Governor j Gulch with several local officers and 'rf rMdT fT .""""V T 7
Hunt. I he remarked that "the kaiser was al- nRTe ben contracted for at 30 cents
I richt and so were all the German peo- 1r P"nd- Tne average weight will
IS STILL HERE. I P'e and that he would not fleht aeain-t j ODJ'-T be b-tween 15 and 17 poun1.
Tf fi Pmn th. Tnmh.tr.n. , ' the-i - The remark cansed him to he i Figuring at la pounds ecch the r--
wihes to gt his tnffic offi f r bat k called down by one of the loca' peace j t,:n,B UoTn,, IJ? ce"iS
on the iob he should s-nd over after 'officers who told him where he ought Puni ould be 9--0- ne
him. He has bn asleep along side; to go e.nd what hud ought to be done."3"- ""
of a bam In Tombstone Canvon since with him and that he was a disgrac.j Keehan states, in raising these tur
the first of the vear after he had snent to the ur.irorm that he was wearing. kes have been not more than ?-o. as
one nieht on d'jty at a narrow portion After this Goetz was promoted to be turtes secured most of their
of the road coming down th canyon a first lieutenant, and v In that poel-. h1 rpni rangine about the farm and
..a r..A .it .-itn. ..j m . tinn whon h w- Aimr-hmrrmA MfmiW range. Mrs. McKeehan also his 8
run out into the street car track in from th lith lnfsntry at Camp fine and healthy flock of pure bred
order to obey his commands to keep Kearney. , White Leghorn hens."
0:
4. V.J-
Facts, like rivels, hammered
home hold fast.
Wheirk th-3 body loses effici
ency, it is tkiae to remember
thai c - :'Zi o &i'iTiIiiQ does
Then, id the time to chaig'e to
It:. 7 " t
L'- i --r-r,
1 ; - cf.
1
cereal drisilv
V53 Z3 tV.
"There's a Reason"
UM
X, M S 1
f-.;1 - , . .