X '
WEATHER.
Tuesday and Wediies
t!ay partly cloudy; not
miuli thane in temp
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY MORNING, JUNE 4, 1918.
VOL 20, No. 307
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
P-l
fl
1
a 56 hi-J i
1
fcjr 1 1 r VI . Ijr . y ijr r ?
LURKING RAIDERS, FAILING OF BIG PREY, ATTACK SMALL VESSELS
II
y
H ft I M H P
SUB VISIT TO
ADMISSION BY
U-BOAT CAMPAIGN IS FAILURE
Washington, Advised of Sinking of Five Coalers and Ore
Tanker, Believes Kaiser Seeks to Attract 'American
Forces From North Sea; Fast Nets of Destroyers and
Chasers Protect Transports.
WASHINGTON, June 3. Germany at last has brought her submarine
warfare to the shores of the United States, apparently in a forlorn hope of
striking telling blows on this side of the Atlantic and of drawing home some
of the American naval forces from the war zones where the U-boat menace
is being slowly but surely strangled to death.
In the attcks upon coasting vessels almost within sight of the New Jer
sey shore reported today, navy officials see a frantic admission from Berlin
that the submarine has faiied-. American armed power is rolling overseas
in ever-increasing force, despite the utmost exertions of the undersea pirates
of the coasts of Europe.
TURN AGAINST DEFENSELESS COASTERS.
Now the raiders have crossed the seas and lurk for days near America's
greatest seaports... They no doubt were sent to sink transports, but here
again they faHed. Blocked off the troop ships by convoys of craft, they have
turned in fury against defenseless coasters. In all the record of destruction
they have written, the raiding party has struck at no vessel bound overseas
anc therefore, armed for a fight Only ships that could not hit back have
been attacked. The only one of half a score of vessels probably sent tto the
bottom that had any real military value in ship or cargo was an oil tanker.
Up to a late hour tonight the destruction of five sailing craft and the
tanker Herbert L. Pratt was the record of loss reported to the navy depart
ment The fate of the coastwise liner Caroline, which reported by wireless
yesterday she was being shelled, was still unknown.
HELD PRISONER ELEVEN DAYS.
The crews of some of the craft destroyed have been brought into port
with a story of eleven days' imprisonment aboard an enemy submarine.
During that period scores of troop arid supply ships have passed in and
out on the business of crushing the German army in France. . The U-boat
found no weak link in the chain of armed craft that guarded them.
4 Secretary Daniels went to the capitol during the day to tell members of
the house naval committee that the raid was designed to frighten the Ameri
. can people into demanding the return of war vessels from the other side.
He gave assurance that congress need have no apprehension as to protec
tion of the American coast, and that there will be no recall of forces from
ONLY ONE LIFE LOST.
the war zone.
"Navy department reports show that the following vessels have
been sunk:
"Jacob M. Haskell, schooner, 1362 tons, hailfhg from Boston,
ailing for Norfolk; 11 in crew, no passengers.
"Isabel B. Wiley, in ballast, net tonnage 611; crew of 8.
"Hattie Durn of Rocklanc'-, Me.; net tonnage 365; in ballast, sail
ing from Charleston.
"Edward H. Cole, Boston, tonnage 1395; in ballast, bound for Nor
folk, crew of 11.
"Herbert L. Pratt, steamship, oil tanker, sunk about five miles
south of Overfalls Lightship, off the Delaware coast; 38 on board 37
of the crew rescued and landed at Lewes; one lost
All the crews of the above named vessels, except the one man
lost from the Pratt were rescued.
"It appears that schooner Edna, which was found bottom up several days
go and- towed into Lewes, Del., was also a victim of the submarine. ..The
crew of the Edna have.been landed in New York. The master of the Winne
conne picked up the crew of the Hattie Dunn.
FATE OF CAROLINE UNKNOWN.
"Nothing further has been heard from the steamship Caroline, which
sent out S. O. S. calls Sunday afternoon, stating that she was being shelled
by a submarine. The Caroline at the time was reported in the same general
vicinity as that In which the schooners were sunk the same day."
Meanwhile departmental reports from naval districts along the Atlantic
coast showed feverish activity among the patrol fleets. Fro-n all along the
coast armed craft are converging on the spot where the enemy was last re
ported. Seaplanes are patrolling the air, seeking any trace. Every craft has
orc'-ers to fire on sight at any suspicious object. Already they pounded float
ing wreckage with shot and shell in search of the foe, leading to reports of
battles at sea from various points.
Persistent reports that one of the raiders reported had been sunk and
(Continued on Page Two)
T TTD t-1 rtr T MTmrT
fLUaatLljlj I til
EL. PASO, Texas, June 3. Argu
ments for a change of venue in
the trial of Wm. G. Russell, of
Lubbock, Texas, for the murder of
Charles Qualey oi -El Paso, Jan
uary 2, were continued at the
night session of the district court
here tonight. Attorneys for Rus
sell claimed he would not receive
PANAMA 'S PRESIDENT IS DEAD
PANAMA, June 3. Dr. Ramon
Valdez, president of the republic
of Panama, died today.
The cause of death has not been
made public. Dr. Valdez appar
ently was in good health just prior
to his death and it is thought
he was stricken with appoplexy.
First Designate Dr. Ciro Urriola
ARIZONA OFFICER CAPTURED
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON'. May 23. Thre-5
officers and twenty-three enlisted
men of the navy were reported
missing today trom the torperioeu
American transport President Lin
coln. One officer was ?ptured
by the submarine.
Lieutenant Eduardo V. Missaac3,
of Fort Huachuca, Ariz., was the
officer captured by the U-boat.
JERSEY SHORES
GERMANY THAT
t t n -r tt-v - j mTT.M
A I; hUtt HhjA I Hot embracing two wobblies now o.i trial
a fair trial in bis county.
Late tonight Judge W. D. Howe,
sitting in the 34th district court,
overruled the motion of Russell's
attorneys for a change of venue
and the murder trial will be re
qumed tomorrow. Russell's atr
torneys announced they would ask
for a continuance tomorrow.
will succeed to the office of presi
dent. Dr. Valdez. who in 1912 was Pan
aman minister iu tne United
States, was eelcted to the presi
dency of Panama In 1916. He had
previously held the office of sec
ond vice-president and minister of
government and justice.
Surgeon L!ndey C. Whiteside,
Letiiehton. Pa.; Assistant t"r
Master Andrew Mowat. Newport,
R. I., and Assistant Pay Master
J. EX Ardston are the missing.
Ardston's name does not appear
in the navy record and there prob
ably was an error in its trans
mission. Among the enlisted men
reported missing is Frederick W.
Wilson, Jr., Denison, Texas.
American Airman Wings, :. Teuton
Airplane in Thrilling Encounter
WITH THE AMERICAN" ARM V IN FRANTK. June 3. (By the Asso
ciated Press) Lieutenant Sumner Sewall, of Bath. Me., today shot down
an enemy two-seated airplane inside the American lines northwest of
Toul, after a t-'irilling fioht in which six German and three American
planes took part.
One of the American patrol flights was intercepted and attacked.
After fifteen minutes the machines guns rattled and mnny soldiers on the
ground stood and watched the maneuvers of the aircraft. They saw one
enemy leave the formation and an American pounce upon it. Both aviators
were firing. The American machine was hit twice, but was not damaged.
The American pilot is certain that he hit the German, which then started
to retreat.
It was here that Lieutenant Sewall dashed Into the fray. He fought
down the German from 5000 meters to two hundred meters and finallv
brought it down in a field
What remained of the plane was taken to Toul and set up in the
square for exhibition.
In three other flights today German machines were driven off. In this
fighting the American pilots believe they got at least one enemy biplane.
After long inactivity, an artillery due! broke out this morning north
east of Toul. It lasted several hours, both American and German batteries
letting loose everything they had. The Germans used gas and iiWh ex
plosives. The terrific roar of the explosions diminished until noon, when
quiet reigned asain.
GOVERNORS
ACCEPTED
S-oinl to The Review)
PHOENIX. Ariz., June 3. The gov
ernor's challenge of battle in his leg
islative message was taken up today
in the senate, and it is understood it
will be subjected to even heavier fire
tomorrow from Senator Fred Sutter, of
Cochise county.
There was a skirmish at the begin-
j ning over the Insertion by Robots in
the journal of a lengthy protest against
the passage of the anti-I. W. W. reso
lution of Saturday, which he c!a:i:iel,
was introduced td give the Plionix
Gazette a chance tto "take a,' fall out
of the governor."' lie attacked the
motives of Senator Camphe!!. of Coco
nino county, and told that the Copper
Queen company had "created a gospel
of its own and claims the right! -jf a
selfish rebel at all social control and
is guilty of ungodly profiteering."
The Inse'rt. which had not heen read
session, was expunged, with only seven
opposing Roberts, Winsor, Kinney,
Mahoney, Whipple. Colter and Clay
pool. Starts Direct Attack
A direct attack at the governor was
started in a motion by Goodell to
amend the Claypool coiiicll of defense
hill by striking the section giving the
governor power to appoint members
and vesting It in the supervisor of
the fourteen Arizona counties. Sutter
followed in a short peppery speech
that told how unsafe it would be to
place the large powers of the bill in
the hands of a governor who consorted
with I. W. W. and enemies of the
government. He read a statement by
the governor in 1915 protesting
against shipment of munitions to the
allies and denounced him as a pacifist.
Especial reference was made o the
governor's official appointment of W.
B. Cleary, an attorney for the wob
blies in Chicago, one of the Bisbee de
portees, and said to have an 1. V. W
card.
Sutter stated Cleary had -told him
he would send his sons to Mexico
rather than have them fight for the
United States. The speaker also made
reference to a photograph displayed
on the floor, of Hunt, taken in Ihi bet
in Chicago.
Defends Governor
i Winsor defended Hunt, with .la'hos.
! telling how he and others had failed
in trying to keep partisanship from
the floor and how political malice had
been injected, under due odium, from
a press known to be the enemy cf la
bor, humanity and democracy. He
claimed the governor had high patri
otic motives in calling a session that
might better not have been callod. He
declared the governor not on trial. He
was photographed at Columbus, where
he went as the president's representa
tive. The individuhls embraced had
not been convicted yet. If the gov-
iernor saw fit to be thus embraced and
photographed, it was nobody's business
but his own.
Colter Comes to Bat
Colter also rose for the defense with
the statement that "Christ, the bigt-est
democrat everknown spent his Mnie
with the criminal and distressed."
Senator Hall interjected that Christ
was between two thieves on one. oc
casion, but was not embracing them.
Roberts insisted that the photogriph
cast no reflection on the governor and
then, fighting back at the Cleary
charge, stirred up a hornet's nest by
referring to a newspaper talc of 8
client of Sutter's who had sent two
sons to Mexico to avoid the draft.
Sutter quickly branded the state
ment as a falsehood. He said it re
ferred to L. C. Shattuck of Bisbee. now
'a broken and crushed man due to thi
actions of sons for whom he had
searched, to bring them back to the
CHALLENGE OF BATTLE IS
BY SUTTER IN SENATE
'United States. Sutter dramatically
I stated, "that old man told me he had
rather, a thousand times over his sons
had fallen before Hun bullets than to
have acted as they did."
Whipple Attacks Hunt
Then followed even s larger and un
expected sensation in bittev remarks
! by Whipple, of Greenlee, who has bee:
considered rather a Hunt democrat, on
the subject of the Clifton-Morenel de
portations. He told how the governm
had deplored the Bisbee affair, but h.id
failed to speak of the deplorable out
rages, that had been, perpetrated 'lur
ing his own administration it Clifton,
where decent citizens had been drum
med out at night on foot by an alien
mob. The Carmichael statement of
the outrages, he declared all too mild.
In the afternoon tho governor's sup
porters took cover and the proceedings
(Continued on Page Two)
TWO HOURDAY AND
$6,1. W.W. DEMAND
(By Review Leased Wire)
CHICAGO. June 3--A two-hour work
day with a minimum wage of $6 a day
was the ultimate aim of the i. W. W.
in the western mining centers. This
was disclosed today by government
witnesses who testified at the trial of
110 I. W. W. leaders before Federal
Judge Landis.
Francis L Kirby. a ranker in the
Uni'ed States forestry service, at
Miami, Arizona, the first of seversl
witnesses caleld to show that the I.
W. W. was responsible for the strikes
in the copper mines of Arizona last
year which for a time threatened seii
4usly to embarrass the country's prep
arations for war. told of atrendin.4
numerous I. W. W. meetings in the
district prior to the strike which be
gan July 2.
He said Grover H. Perry, one of the
defendants, spoke at several meetings
of the mine workers' at Miami.
Step by Step
He said the I. W. W. leaders de
manded a six-hour day and $6 a day
pay and when they got that tlicy
would ask for a four-hour day with
the same waeep, said the witness.
Perry then said the I. W. W. would
never stop until they got a two-hour
day with a wa?e of $6. Perry also
said the miners should receive enounh
wages to buy ham and eggs before
being asked to buy Liberty bonds.
Frank H. Little, who later was
Ivik hed at Butte. Mont., also spoke at
this meeting and related a conversa
tion he had with Governor Campbell,
of Arizona, in which the I. W. W. lead
er said the organization would call
a general strike and tie up every war
industry unless the demands of the
j men were granted
Jesse F. Henderson, a special deputy
sheriT employed by a copper company,
testified to a speech delivered by H.
.1. Knne. another I. W. W. organir,
in which the statement was made that
the organization had 190.0(H) members
and rouU call a strike in 21 hoars
which would tie up every industry in
the county. He said the number of
guards at one copper mine was in
crease from twenty to 2"0 after ihe
strike hud been called. This action, he
said, was taken after there had been
several explosions and fire on tho
company's property.
Crowding On Steam
A letter was read from W. D. ll.iy-
(Continued on Page Eight
i mm nsnn m nanny mn nnn nunnninrnn
l no uHnuuifH unnniiHu u rmi ucno
vn f- r r n
REPOR
CAPTURED;
NEW YORK, June 3. Nine American vessels were known tonight to have been
sunk off the north Atlantic coast since May 25.
The largest to fall prey to the raiders, which are seeking to prevent the sailing of
transports with troops for the battlefields of France, was the New York and Porto Rico
liner Carolina of 8000 tons, which was attacked Sunday night about-125 miles southeast
of Sandy Hook.
The fate of her 220 passengers and crew of 130 who took to the boats when shells
began to fall about the vessel, was unknown late tonight, but there was hope they had been
picked up by some passing ship or would reach shore safely in the small boats. Not a
life was lost in the sinkings of the other ships, according to the late reports tonight.
Nine Other Victims.
Besides the Carolina, the known victims of the U-boats are the Atlantic Refining
company tanker Herbert L. Pratt, the steamship Winneconne, of 1800 tons, and six
schooners, the largest of which were the Hauppauge, a new ship of 1 000 tons, and the Ed
ward H. Cole.. The crews of these eight vessels have been landed at Atlantic ports.
Reports brought ashore by the survivors indicated that the Winneconne and nearly
all the schooners were sunk by the same U-boat, which had been lurking in the path of
shipping off the New Jersey coast and the Dlaware capes since late last month. The
stories told by the skippers of the schooners indicated that the commander of the subma
rine was unusually humane for a German submarine officer. In no instance, so far as
known was a life boat shelled and in all cases reported the crews were given opportunity
to escape or taken aboard the submarine where some of them were kept prisoners for eight
days before they were turned adrift to be picked up by a passing vessel
Destroyers Net One U-boat
;An ATLANTIC PORT, June 3. Hovering for two days over ihe sea wI:Vt the
American tanker William Rockefeller had been sunk by a German submarine, a flotilla
of destroyers and two seaplanes finally succeeded in capturing the U-boat, according to
naval officers and survivors of the disaster, wbo landed here today.
The sea for miles about the spot where the fatal blow struck the tanker was closely
watched by destroyers and their accompanying seaplanes. At last, the submarine, which
had stayed below the surface so long that its air tanks had become exhausted, rose to the
surface and was netted.
Steamer Texel Tenth Victim.
ATLANTIC CITY, N. J., J une 3. The steamer Texel was sunk by a German sub
marine Sunday afternoon, 60 miles off the coast. The crew of 36 men landed here to
night.
Trie Texel was an American steamer and bound from Porto Rico for New York,
with 42,000 bags of sugar when she fell in with the German submarine.
Patrick Huston, of Brooklyn, able seaman, was at the wheel when he was startled at
4:20 p. m. Sunday b' a shot corr irig close to the bow.
Three shots were fired, the second shot shattering No. 2 hatch and! scattering
splinters all around Huston, who. however, was not injured.
The commander of the submarine spoke perfect English, Huston said The Ger
man skipper came aboard the Texel at 4:45 with a detail of men" and ordered the crew to
leave the steamer at once, as he was going to bomb the ship.
They blew her up and she sank at 5:30 p. m.. 60 miles out of New York harbor.
The crew of the Texel. left to their own resources and without food or water struck
a course directly toward shore and landed here.
Forty-Eight Survivors Land.
NEW YORK. June 3. Forty-eight survivors of vessels sunk by German subma
rines, brought to pert today by a coastwise steamship were landed tonight. About half
BA TTLE REPORTS PESSIMISTIC
(Hy Review Leased Wire)
LONDON. June 3 "Tonight's report
is the niot hopeful since the beginning
o: the battle; for the first time since
last Monday it can be said that tho
eneiify gained no ground during the
day," says Renter's correspondent with
the French headquarters in Franca.
"On his westward-facing front in t'le
direction of Paris, where attacks and
i ounter-att'ick followed wiih quick suc
resMon until late in the afternoon, the
German gains were at least counter
balanced by French gains.
"In the center the enemy has ex
tended his front along the north bank
of the Manic which is still hounded
by the town of Chateau Thierry, whim
was evacuated ijome days ago. and
Vernueil."
GERMANS STILL PROGRESS
LONDON. June 3. The military cor
respondent of the British wireless serv
ice writes as follows concerning 1!m
operations of Ihe western front:
"The Cermans still show their great
est pressure on the western flank of
the Airnc salient, their efforts yester
day bcinu on the front between Sois
sons and Chcantau Thierry. T!i"ir
progress. howrcr. tins not been very
marked, and their advances have hen
morem the nature of local movements.
"During the last 4S hours, too. the
resistant e has heen of a severe and
piinisiiins nature. All the advances
TED LOST: 01 Sfl SER
SURVIVOR
5 TELL VIVID
(Continued on Page Six)
have been met by the hardest fighting,
and. beyond the local actions referr.'tl
to. were checked by the allies.
Offensive Slows Dawn
"The situation cannot yet be sail
to have reached a point of stability but
the evidence suggests that the first
impulse of the offensive which has car
ried the Cermans forwartl so far N
coming to an end. ami that they nnv
must enter i!"'i the phase of tho
fighting in which the full cost tvill
have to be paid for every mile o'. prog
ress. "In the advances on the Somme and
the I.ys the speed of the attacks was
checked and the great offensive move
ments forced to epand themselves in
expensive. nml. on the whole, useli s.
local rcoiinters. as the allied reserves
came more and more into action and
the Cermans advanced farther and
farther from their lines of s"pply. The
same rendition probably holds g-c.l in
FAIRBANKS MA
iKy Review Le.is,-,1 Wire)
INDIANAPOLIS. Ind.. June 3
Charles W. Fairbanks, former vice
president, who has been illat his
home here for the last few weeks,
this evening passed into a stare
of toiuplete coma and tonight was
s
TALES
the present case and the Cermans are
meeting the erorganized strength of
the allies at the time when their lirst
m t) ii nt u tn is diminishing."
BATTLE RESUMED
! PARIS. June 3 The battle
France was resumed with great
tensity during the night and in
course of the day. according to
in
thi
war office announcement this evening.
. The Cermans. with fresh troops, at
' tacked between the Oise and the Ourcq
with redoubled violence.
"The Cermans have been checked
.west of Sotssons," continues the state
ment. "We recaptured Faverol'.cs."
' "In the region south of Ville EnT-ir-,
denois the Franro-tiritish troops main
: tained all their gains north of Cham
plat" "For the fifth time we recapturei
i .
(Continued on Pac Two)
Y NOT SURVIVE
sinking rapidly. Dr. J. A. Mc
Donald, chief physician in attend
ance announced tonight. Mr. Fair
banks, he said, was much weaker
than this morning and there was
practically no chance for him to
rally. TWO
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY MORNING, JUNE 4, 1918.
LEGISLATURE MAY
ADJOURN SATURDAY
(Continued from Page One)
were made mild by Winsor's declara
tion that he would accept any amend
ments that Sutter might write into the
bill. Williamson made protest uiuvaii
ingly against any change of (he pres
ent tried and efficient council of de
fense that had served long without pay.
A new organization, he said, would
take at least six months get to work.
The bill finally was passed without ad
verse bote, with provision that the
members be appointed by the governor
with the advise and consent of the
boards of supervisors, not to servo
until such approval had been given.
The bill already has been in the hou-e
where it was well received.
A senate memorial asking immediate
constructcion of a diversion dam along
the Gila river above Fliorence, passed
both houses without opposition.
Proceedings in House
The house spent most of the day on
the soldiers' civil rights hill, which
was dropped in exhaustion. Vaughn's
moratorium bill failed to get a neces
sary two-thirds and went over. Cure
ton and Greene insisted that soldiers
home on furlough declare the camps
do not want the ballot.
The end of the legislature was indi
cated by the passage in :he senate ot
a Compbell resolution setting Saturday
as the last day for the introduction of
bills. A house bill by Johns furnished
the expense of the 15Sth infantry band
in touring the state. The Campbell
pay bill returns to the house tomor
row. End of Session Neart
PHOENIX, Ariz., June 3. The legis
lature made rapid progress today wilit
essential measures so that prediction
was warranted that the special session
might end with the week. The senate
ppssed the Claypool council of defense
bill, so amended as to curtail the gov
ernor's power of appointment of the
members. He may make appointments
of one member from each county but
it cannot be effective without the ad
vice and consent of the board of the
supervisors of the county in which
the appointtee lives.
The house made headway with the
bill extending the franchise to citizens
of Arizona in the military service out
side the state. It will probably be
passed tomorrow.
It was for these two purposes that
the special session was called. Vari
ous other so-called war measures are
pending, among them, bills guarding
the civil rights of soldiers. Oue of
them is now ready for final action. J
CONSIDER HUNT ATTACK
(Si.-cial iu The KuvufWJ
PHOENIX. June 3. It is an open
secret around the legislature that Gov
ernor Hunt's ten paes of denunciation
or "craven curs." who perpetrated the
"dastardly crime" at Bisbee last sum
mer will not be allowed to stand as
read by him and as printed on ex
pensive super-calendered book paper
at state expfcnse for circulation, UJtel
toia,- to me extent oi za.uw copies.
This part of the governor's message
was the only one that made no specific
recommendation and that had no ref
erence to any legislative committee.
Vet it is to be considered by the leg
islature Und the prospect is being
viewed with pleasure by those who
Beek entertainment in the galleries.
The administration legislators have
lugged the Bisbee affair into the con
sideration of bills and resolutions of
fered against the I. V. W., sabotage,
etc. Now it is probable the other side
will offer a bit of evidence in rebuttal
and that the attituae of the adminis
tration will be scrutinized by unfriend
ly eyes that see as much to criticize
in the deportations at Clifton as there
was to object to in the deportation at
Bisbee.
Schoul Military Law
The adjutant general is expected to
bring up some necessary extensions
of the high school military training
law, designed to secure a larger de
gree of general efficiency. There 's
to be recognition of especially good
work and possibly recommendation of
a small appropriation for prizes that
will go to individuals and schools.
As me legislature has concluded
that restoration of capital punishment
through its initiative is something not
l:gal under the governor's session call,
the work of getting the matter before
the people has been taken up hy a
'.ommittee in Phoenix, represented by
O. M. Matliews, whose address is post
office box 355. It is considered odd
that Dr. Hughes and other prominent
advocates of the change are not on thij
committee. Other efforts in the same
direction are to be started at onca
, Predict Quick Finish
There is much quiet talk among the
members ovr a date ijt ending the
session. 'A half dozen havs made af
lirniation they will not stay a day later
than the 30th of June, while a couple
Intimate they may be missed from
the end of this week. Every feature
'f the governor's call now has benn
cohered by legislation, offered and all
delays are being charged against the
'ommittees and the over-worked print
er. There is expectation that the coun
'il of defense will be settled this week.
At this writing it seems probable that
the Claypool composite bill will go to i
'he house without further amendment,)
hut what the house will do to it is
hard to tell. Strong objection iias
heen voiced by a number of represen
'ativos to placing such power in th"
hin1s of the governor as is proposed
Kv the H!l. 'The Republicans are mak
ing little objection, Wilkiuson in tnc
senate stating hU belief that the f,
leal head of the council is the gover
nor, even though there be a ire-chairman
0" whom the artual work mint
fall. Chairman Heard is making no
effort to perpetuate himself in oil ire
md Is undermood to biive favored ihc
Clarldse bill (not introduced I. o:i
hi,.i, ih Cbvuraii triMUKiirp has been
vised. Clavnool had another hill, hut picture is being distributed by Select
declared it only something on whl".land will be shown at the Eagle theater
to tack amendments. In the house is j tomorrow.
a strong feeling that the present conn-1
HI of defense has done good and patri- i About twelve iiie: are l..-m.; c:m
otic service and that it should be I ployed at the S,in Xavier EMcpmuii
continued In being, but no bill to tliat company near Tucson.
end has materialized. It is considered
logical inai me governor, wuose oiiite
appointed the membership of the pres
ent council, has power to do what he
would with the organization, even to
the extent of changing it to suit his
personal and political views. lint the
council now has no official standing
other than that reflected from the
council of national defense, has no
authority to enforce its patriotic rec
ommendations and no funds save thoe
contributed by the citizens of the
ctate.
Contempt Bill Dead
Representative Eddy's bill to j;!'."
each house authority to punish for
contempt any newspaper offending in
a report of legislative porceedings has
gone into the discard, but is promised
new life in a regular session,- when
not limited by the scope of the call.
Eddy franklv states that it was based
upon two articles in the Phoenix Ga
zette. The first was when that daily,
commentine on the passage of the
anti-I. W. W. resolution in the house,
aftirmed that it constituted a rebuke
of Governor Hunt. The second was
when the same paper, in consideration
of features of the Vaughn council of de
fense bill, in connection with prohi
bition of non-employment, made infer
ence that a provision that excepted
strikes had been left as a loophole
favorable to the I. W. V. At the last
session the Gazette was receipient of
similar courtesies from Representative
Walton, who claimed to have btien
misquoted with regard to observation
made by him on hero worship and
Abraham Lincoln's most intimate rai
ment and who sought to have passed
a bill under which every newspaper
article would have to be signed by its
author.
There is mutual complaint that the
legislature and dairy interests are
takiner little interest in the bill pro
posed for regulation of creameries and
milk production. This was brought
in at the request of a local associa
tion understood to represent 2.000 pro
ducers. Yet, at a late hearing, it is
told that only a half dozen actual pro
ducers met ten legislators, while only
seven legislators appeared at a hear
ine given the creamery men.
The Americanization bill now before
both houses is understood to have
been drawn by I. Colodny. who lately
was named by Governor Hunt as state
supervisor of vocational training.
Members generally have a very vague
idea of what can be done on the sub
ject, and the bill is considered merely
an extension of the present school
work among Mexican children already
covered by the school laws.
Battle Reports
Pessimistic
tl'ontjnoed from Page One)
Mouna Choisy. All the enemy s at-
temps between the Oise and the Aisne,
notably north of Moulin-Sous-Touvent
and Vingre failed.
"Between the Aisne and the Ourcrj
the Germans made desperate efforts to
penetrate the Villers-Cotterets front
from . the north and east. Our troops
heroically sustained the shock of th j
enemy attacks and broke their ad
vance, inflicting sanguinary losses on
them.".
MAKE VIOLENT ATTACKS
WITH THE FRENCH ARMY !V
FRANCE, June 3 (Hy The Associated
Press). In the center of the battle
line from Verneuil to Rheims the Ger
mans are still making the most violent
efforts to go forward, and the lighting
continued all yesterday to the south
of Ville-En-Tardenois, with give and
take results.
The position at Rheims, which had
become grave when !a Pomelle fort
was momentarily rushed by the Ger
mans, is somewhat improved, all hough
the. enemy is holding three sides of
the city.
GERMANS CLAIM GAINS
BERLIN" (ia London). June 3. To
day's German official statement reads:
"For the relief of French and Eng
lish army corps, which have been cut
dp by our attacks, and for the support
of divisions which up to the present
have been sent into the battle field as
quickly as possible from neighboring
armies, and which thus have been
strongly thinned out, fresh French
units from tar distant fronts have en
tered into the .battle.
"To' the north of the Aisne thfy
have tried in vain to hold the iosi
t'ons which had been assigned to th-m.
In hard trench fighting we drove thorn
back toward Moulin-Sous-Touvent, .St.
Christopher, and Vingre.
Chaudun Falli;
"Chaudun, southwest of .Soissnns,
has been captured. In an attack w?
pushed forward across the Savierres
territory as far as the eastern border
of the woods around Vfllets-Cotterets.
"South of th? Ourrq the enemy de
livered violent counter attacks. They
were repulsed with sanguinary losses.
We captured Iierlitfe beyond Coiir
thpmps und Monthiers. and took th
beichts to the west of Chateau Thierry.
"On the Marne between the Mame
and Rheims. the situation is un
changed. "Railwavs leading toward the bat
tlefield whi'-h were strongly congested
hy movements of troops, were miceess
fnlly attacked by a bombing squadron.
We shot down thirty-one enemy air
planes.' ,
NORMA TALMADGE IN
In her new Select picture. "The Se
cret of the; Storm Country." Norma
Talmadge touches the highest note
yet reached in her career. As the
reat!cr's ilsmubter. wronged and de--eried
bv her husband, left to rear
their child under a clodih, she rises o
great emotional heights, and her por
jt royal of Tess is one that will win th
sympathies of every audience. Th
HUN SEA WOLVES
SINK 9 AMERICAN
MERCHANTMEN
(Continued from rag One)
the other captuied were in circulation I
rearlv all day. The department had
nothing to confirm them.
Lurking Off Coast Two Miles
As the tale oi sinkings unfolded it
became probably that not more than
one or two raiders were at work and
that the operations for yesterday and
today were confined to a narrow zone
off the New Jersey shore, later came
the landing of the men held prisoners
for days on the U-boats and confirma
tion ot previous rumors that three
derelict schooners picked up off the
Virginia capes nearly a week ago had
been wrecked by an enemy subma
rine. That disclosed the fact that the
enemy had been lurking sixty or jov
enty "miles off the coast for probably
two weeks at least, hoping for a
chance at a troop ship.
' Th'e only detailed account of the
raiders' work reaching Washington
was that of the captain of the steamar
Bristol, which took the crew pr the
destroyed schooner Edward H. Coe.
to New York and which herself out
ran the U-boat. The navy department
issued the following report from the
master of the steamer:
Outruns Submarine
"On June 2. at 4:30 p. m., I sighted
a life boat ,with eleven men. the crew
of the American schooner Edward H.
Cole, the Cole having been sunk by
a submarine at 3:30 p. m., about 50
miles southeast of Barnegat Light. At
4:30 p. m. when about 3S miles south
east o" Barnegat I sighted the subma
rine at about 500 yards headed direct
for the Bristol. I managed to outrun
him and readied New York.
"The crew of the Edward H. Cole
say the submarine was about 200 feet
long and was armed with two rflles,
five or six inch. About 3 p. m., June
2, when 50 miles southeast of Barne
gat Light, the Cole sighted the sub
marine on the .starboard bow at 2.000.
yards. He circled around, came up
on the port side, and his commander
told the captain and crew of the Cole
to get in their boats, saying that he
was going to sink the vessel. He
then came aboard and examined the
ship's papers and at the same time
gave the captain seven and a half
minutes to leave the ship.
"He told the captain to get some
clothes, but the captain was too busy
getting boats ready. About 15 min
utes after the crew got away from
the Cole, it sank. Four bombs were
placed on the vessel, two on each
side, and some were placed about the
dec. The submarine stayed still until
the crew of the schooner rowed to the
northwest."
"'One hour later, when about lour
miles from the submarine anotiier
steamship appeared close up to the
submarine, which fired five times, be
fore she altered her course,' the men
of the cole reported.
Heard Frequent Firing
" 'The ship tiien changed her course,
directly opposite and, after running a
short distance, stopped. About V5
minutes afterward . we heard explo
sions like those that too place on the
Cole, and. the steamer., settler in., the
water. About 6.3U p.jin... we h'rd
firing a little more to the southward
arid about the same time heard firing
to the westward. About 8 p. m., we
were piced up by the Bristol, and
heard more firing to the southward.'"
Mr. Daniels pointed out to members
of the naval committee that the state
ment of the captain of the Cole that
he had seen the periscope of a second
U-boat was the only report indicating
that more than one raider was off the
coast. The close 'proximity of the
sinking ships to each other, with the
exeeptior of thc several days ago
off the Virginia capes, indicating the
activities of a single submarine, which
hns consistently saved it-, supply of
torpedoes and used only bombs anj
g!in fire so far as known.
Apparently the Germans took care
in each instance to give the crews ?
ci'.ance for Uieir lives. Holding men
aboar.i the raider under the ';'''JH
tions that surrounded her was an tin
usual c',:play of humanity. f. was
pointed out. which did not conform
to German practices in the war zones
abroad. The fac t that these prisoners
were later released and sent .ashore
lent color to the idea that once the
mask was off. the Germans wished to
advertise their doings off the coast to
the fullest possible extent.
British Issued Warning t
It now Is known that intimations oi
"the intentions of the German author
ities to raid Atlantic waters on this
side had reached the British officials
and through them, the Washington
government, some time ago. The ves-J
sel that brought Prince Arthur of i
Connauht to this country on rjute to,
Japan, it was learned, was warned by J
the British admiralty and followed :i
zig zag course to the United States
from Bermuda. This suggested thati
the real objective of t lie raider which
now has luriicci io iii'rruig
coastwise i.hipping might have been
to capture member of the British
royal family.
The i.rince readied the United
States about the time that Hi-: three
schooners wrecked off the Virginia
capes were attacked. As preiaulionj
r g.iiii'-t continued raiding on thn roast.!
the question of arming al! coastwise
shipping was taken up today. Secre-j
tary MeAdoo had the matter under
consideration for railroad vessels im-j
der his authority. Steps to pu' l--i:is
aboard all c raft may be taken without
delay. j
Today' news revived speculation ;
over the fi;1 of the missing n ival j
collier Cyclops, which has not b""n I
(heard from since the HI'"l licn:j
i Azores three months aco. Navy ofi'l
1 rials, however, saw no clue to ihe
I solution or the mystery in the appear
ance of the submarine raiders. li -h (
j probably were in Europe when the
I I oilier iisa;!"-:ired.
i LAW UNCONSTITUTIONAL
! (l: n l,'-;isc.I Will i
WAS'llNCTON. June ::. The lei
cral child labor law of l!IHi 1 -tt i I I rt
Interstate shipment of products of
t ii i i l.il ni- v. a-i ti.il.iy declared nn-
onstitutionul and in;i!id by the su-
pituie court.
PARIS FOSTERS HjSKR
P. D. WINDOW FORM! t?der1k
NEW
WAR
DISPLAY
From far awav France there comes
a personal message to Bisbee. This
is sent by W. H. Brophy who is with
the American Red Cross there. With
all his other work this bnsy man found
time to search Paris for posters and
sent them clear across the wide At
lantic to encourage,; enthuse and en
lighten the people of the Warren dis
trict upon certain phases of the war
from the French view point.
The1 window of the Phelps Dodge
store puts up a brave front this week
with these posters added to Ked Cross
and patriotic display. In gala attire
with the flags of our allies prominent
ly displayed, such songs as "The U. S.
A. Has Awakened," and pillow tops
with "our Hero" written across the top
vleing with each other for attention.
But these French posters are the
most realistic things possible. One
called "Journee de Poilu," which means
day of the soldier-rugged faceo shin
ing, honoring their Memorial 'Day, the
25th and 26th of October, 1915. which
was probably the day in which some
great battle was fought, many gay de
bonair, French giving their lives Tor
immortal France.
A picture or the Liberty Bell that
says the time has come to ring it
again. The statue of Liberty ever
beautiful and as strong as the Rock
of Gibraltar.
One poster that seems :t s:and out
from the rest is that of the American
soldiers in the trenches, abot to go
foe looking out into no man's land,
with sword unsheathed ready and
eager to charge at the command. Their
faces grim with determination, the re
solve to win in their hearts.
In direct contrast to this is a soldier
standing, is that off alone in the ntght
leaning on his gun with a far away
look in. his eyes, a week's growth of
beard on his face, meditating, tha
landscape illumined by an occasional
glare of the shell from the enemy. His
thoughts are with some loved one far
from the scared battle front. Wrftten
in big black letters across the top of
the poster is a French proverb, trans
lated means, "to be sure of victory
and find home."
The babes seem to plead, 80.000 of
them lean out with little hands up
lifted in supplication. Perishing from
poor nourishment and exposure. A
plea is sent out to save these babies
by motherly nursing. The cry that
strives for expression is "we want to
live; help us!"
The streets are thronged in the city
that used to be called gay Paree, but
no more, people marching and cheer
ing for the national defense. Women
are bowed in prayer with little chil
dren clclitering about their skirts
praying "that father may return on a
furlough."
A woman with an olive branch
stretched forth, the symbol of peaca
brings beautiful thoughts A child
cradled in her arms, and the father
pictured as an avenging Angel hover
ing near with a drawn sword ready to
strike for his home and fireside, with
the dauntless inscription which is like
a challenge, "Live to have peace
through victory."
Then there is a woman in the De
cember of life, bending over a table
peering into a sock. Her face is care
worn and her hands look roughened
with toil, there is no more money in
the sock, the bottom of it has been
reached. But her face shows the spir
it is as bright and clean as a flame,
those old worn hands are willing to
toil until they drop Trom sheer weari
ness. The unquenchable courage of
her race is reflected in this bent form.
It is like going to a lecture to take
a glance at this window. Full nf nn
utterable sorrow and woe' unspeakable!
but hope emitting rays of light from
each brave pictured (ace.
It is stated that by June lo. over
20,ooo cattle will be shipped j market
from the Gila valley ,
USe Gasoline
Quality
A continuous, uniform
chain of boiling points
makes "Red Crown
dependable. No "mix-tv-re"
can give the
same satisfactory re
sults. Look for the
Red Crown sign be
fore you fill, i
STANDARD OIL COMPANY
(California)
J. J. SPARK5,
Special Agent Standard Oil Co.
Bisbee : : : : Arizona
Members of the city council which
will retire from their tenure of office
this evening in caucus at the city ball
yesterday afternoon made final prepa
rations for turning over their thrusts
to the newly elected aldermen and
mayor. Following the meeting they
refused to give to the press an account
of what had transpired behind the
colsed doors of the council chambers.
Tonight the retiring councllmen will
meet with the newly eelcted council
men for the actual closing up of their
business. The keys to the city will be
turned over to the new aldermunic
board, the books and funds will be
assigned to them, and resignations of
appointees will probably be handed in
as soon as the new body is organized.
Appointment of the new city police
judge, the city marshal and the city
attorney will be features of the meet
ing tonight. In addition the announce
ment of the new committees of the
newly organized council will probably
be made. Nothing else of importance
is anticipated.
DoYou Know
The Fine Flavor
"POST
T0ASTIES
IS FOUND
IN NO OTHER
SFLAKES
COLLINS &
BRETHERTON
We Specialize In
JEROME
AND
OATMAN
STOCKS
Jack BIdg., Main Street
Phone 26 Box 1129
W4rWVWWtVVWr
rARRHc 1
CATARRH
CFTViE
BLADDER
it-jj itwiiaibu iu
in)W24 Hours
: - y n!o bsoin tti ii'invi
mm
Gas Fired Water
For Attaching
to Your
Range Boiler
Bisbee
L
THE EL PASO AND SOUTHWESTERN SYSTEM
Announces the following changes in passenger schedules effective
Sunday. June 2nd, 1918, at 12:01 A. M.
WESTBOUND.
Train No. 31 Connects with Main Line No. 7
Train No. 7 For Naco, Fairbanks, Tuscon and
Local Points
Train No. 50 Connects with Main Line No. 7
Train No.57 Connects with Main Line No. 3
Train No. 3 For Tucson, Fhoenix, Los Angeles
and Main Line Points
Train No.56 Connects with Main Line No. o
EASTBOUND.
Train No.53 Connects with Main Line No. 2
Train No. 2 For Douglas. El Paso. Kansas
City and Local Points
Train No. 52 Connects with Main Line Xo. 2
Train No. 55 Connects with Main Line No. 8
Train No S For Douglas, El Paso and Local
Points
Train No.54 Connects with Main Line No. 8
Trains Nos. 9, 10 between Bisbee and Douglas
Leaves Bisbee 8:25 A.M.
NOTE Douglas-Phoenix sleeper will be handled on Trains Nos 3 and
2. Through coaches will run on Trains Nos. 3 and 2 between Kansas City
and Los Angeles.
GARNETT KING,
General Passenger Agent.
When You Think of Building
Think of
GIBSON-HINES
LUMBER COMPANY
J. W. F. SMITH
Manager
SAMSON T
ARE THE BEST
They Are Cheaper, Too! i
A COMPLETE STOCK JUST ARRIVED
Welbourn and Dodds
Bisbee Phone 432 Jno. Addn. Phone 188
L. J. OVERLOOK, BROKER
Correspondents: Paine, Weber A Co, Boston, Ouluth, Calumet.
LOGAN A BRYAN, NEW YORK AND CHICAGO.
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK.
Piovides abundant supply of
hot water at reasonable cost.
Call at our store and ask for
demonstration, or make re
quest for representative to call
upon you.
improvement Co.
NOTICE
Change in
Schedules
Leaves Bisbee 8:25 A.M.
Leaves Osborn 9:15 A.M.
Arrives Bisbee 9:50 A.M.
Leaves Bisbee 10: 45 A.M.
Leaves Osborn 11:25 P.M.
Arrives Bisbee 11:55 P.M. -
Leaves Bisbee 11:45 A.M.
Leaves Osborn 12:25 P.M.
Arrives Bisbee 1:00 P.M.
Leaves Bisbee 5:30 P.M.
Leaves Osborn 6:20 P.M.
Arrives Bisbee '6:55 P.M.
3
Phone 88
1
Heater
I
RES
In, J :
1 1 1 '
'i ' :
. I '
In i
I1 Pn
s THREE
Arizona's Own Regimental Band Coming From Camp -Kearny for Concert
Buy Two-Horse Brand
Copper-Riveted, Genuine Indigo Dyed
Waist Overalls
if you want the best.
The standard of quality for 50 years. The
best fitting, strongest and longest wearing
overalls that are made.
A New
Pair
FREE
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY MORNING, JUNE 4, '.Z18.
j. , ' . v, - - "
r"f "vr, "f-tiv-'f-n'if nilmri f irirtnr rv. i n rnrmr it r rare- natm ir-r - "irirTii ri"'j"ag"LW;MM-"i:
The loSth Infantry regimental band i
from Camp Kearney, Arizona's Own
band, which in the two years it saw
service on tlie border played many ;
times in the Warren district, will sure- j
ly tour Arizona. Arrangements for j
the trip have been made ' with uie '
proper army officials by the Arizona '
Automobile Club, of Thoenix. The i
banl has secured a furlough, starting j
Friday last, and will remain in this ;
state- for 26 days.
Bisbee and the Warren District will
have their opportunity to see the Ari- j
zona regimental band on June 6. The i
organization will arrive in t'uis city
early on that day, and will remain
through the one full day. Full ar
rangements for the entertainment of
the band and for their entertainment
cf the citizens of this district, have
not yet been completed, but will soon
be announced.
The band was for two years on the
Mexican border, before going to Camp
Kearney. It was used on the border
by the people of Douglas and Bisbee
on state occasions and big dances.
Since it has been at Camp Kearney it
has been used by the people of San
Diego and I -a Jolla for similar pur-
Phoenix, June 9; Ray and Hayden,
June 10 and 11; Prescott. June 12;
Clarkdale, June 13; Jerome. June 14;
Williams, June 15; Flagstaff, June 1C;
Wlnslow, June 17; Kinsman, June 18,
and then back to Camp Kearney.
' Included In the personnel of the
band are several men from the War
ren district, who, on the occasion of
the band"s visit here will bep rivilegel
to see their lriends and relatives for
the band's visit here will be privileged
to the front. The members of the or
ganization, which is now In Phoenix,
have telegraphed The Review as follows:
Baseball Scores
NATIONAL LEAGUE
w
New York 2B
Chicago 25
Cincinnati 21
Pitsburgh 16
Boston 18
Philadelphia 17
St. Louis ..15
Brooklyn .' 13
L
12
12
20
19
22
20
23
Pet !
.681 !
.675 !
.512 i
.456 :
.450
.45S I
.31 '
.3 34 !
the bjows with bases on balls and er
rors. Ruth, sent to center field to re
place Shrunk, duplicated his home run
of yesterday by placing the lall ij
the right field bleacher?.
Innings ft. H. 12.
Boston 100 112 0005 8 0
Detroit 00O 000 000 0 0 S
Leonard and Schang; Dauss. Cun
ningham and Yelle.
poses. It is Arizona's honest to good
ness band. In 1914 it played at the
San Fraqcisco exposition and at the
San Diego exposition. For three con
secutive years it was the official band
of the Arizona state fair, playing each,
fall at the fair grounds. In order to
get the band for'this Arizona tour the
Automobile Club of Ariixma made ar
rangements for raising $S,000 to de
fray the band's expenses.
A tentative itinerary was arranged
for the band as follows: Yuma, May
!31; Phoenix, June 1, 2 and 3; Tucson,
June 4 and 5; F.isbee. June 6; Doug
!la9, June 7; Globe and Miami. June 8;
C.& A, ELECTRICIANS i BAD ROAD IS TO
ENTERTAIN RECRUITS! BE ELIMINATED
i
W. R. Wood and Gilbert Maston. ! Engineer Douglas, of the state en
former employes of the Calumet & Ari- j gineers office, has completed his work
zona Mining company on .the electrical , of making a surrey of the Empire
staff, were the recipients Saturday ranch section with a view of ellmin
night at a banquet and entertainment : ating that section of the road that has
of handsome wrist watches, the gifts j DCeil a cause of worry to all the motor-
of tneir former renow worKmen in .no . . . nn Wnmine flooded
"We." the undersigned members o?
the lCMh Infantry baud of the fighting
forteenth division, are all residents of
llisbee and would highly appreciate
your cooperation in arranging a fare-
well visit to our relatives and friends,
i We have been treated royally In Yuma
land Phoenix, but feel that our trip
I will be incomplete without seeing Bis
' bee.
"Sergeant J. W. Chambers, Clyde
Pommel, R. Cloudsdale, Sergeant R. A.
Sarper, William T. Osborne, Joseph
i Ilolden, Segundo Marro, R. Osborne,
.' D. H. Reitz. Tom E. Bags, Sergeant
: Allan G. Falby and E. L. Eldridge."
YESTERDAY'S GAMES
NEW YORK DROPS ONE
NEW YORK, June 2. New YorK
lost its first home game of the -sensor. :
Pittsburg scored th winning run ia !
the eighth when Flethr mane fi v.i'il !
throw attempting to complete a doubl?
play. After two New York runs wi'ie !
hi-orea on zu.ft in me m-. i on tnr i Ayers, Johnson and Picinich;
hits and a sacrifice fly, he did not per- SmiUs; Covelcskie and O'Neill.
urn. anuLiitr iiiiiu iu resell uase, reiir-1
ins? 26 men in order.
Innings r.. II. E.
Pittsburg' 110 000 0103 7 1
New, York 200 000 000 2 Tt 1
Miller and Scln.-iidt; Tesreaj, Dem
aree and McCarty.
NAPS LOSE TO SENATORS
CLEVELAND, O., vJune 3. Washing
ton overcome a two run lead and de
feated Cleveland. Coveleskie held
Washington Rafe uintil the eighth when
Miller's error allowed the visitors to
! tie the score. The winning run was
! scored in the ninth on Wambgann's
I PPTfif J n AlTlcmitti'a cirxrla oftar it-
'were out. Johnson, who Ditched eleven ! ,wenty electricians and their friends along the road to Sonolta for a dist-
; innings yesterday, pitched the last two
; innings today.
' Innings R. H E.
I Washington ..200 000 021 3 7 1
j r'lnnnl.inJ Ollft AAA AAA A W
1 - ' - 1 - . ' V V-JV V U I U I ., , w , (1-ir.. ... .1 . . ,
(ucaiucil uiaiinD. uui.n. auu v- OUt Ol in IOW 1UUU ttUU UUUgcl Ul
' fas mixologist lor the evening. Be3iJe fl00cj8 and only makes the road less
ithe banquet entertainment of various tnan two miles ionger.
"la,QVLt -r- ii ia expecieu mat a gang win ue
int- were present: Dut at WOrk on this section within a
W. R Cibson. C. J. Beezlc-y, W. R. Rhnrt ttnl and it win not take lone to
in X. A firpps trtven In hnnnr nf their
enlistment and immediate departure : and muddy at all times.
I fn cOrv-W'a In tlto TTntorl Qtflfps TIIIVV ( A AAAnlincr t f the SUrVeV AA COm-
The entertainment was held at the : pleted, it is now planned to have the
! home of P. J. Beezley, where some ! road run from the Empire Ranch house
. i gathered. ance of about two miles and then
W. R. Gibson made the presentation j turn east and follow a long ridge so
address giving the watches to the two . d8 to strike the old road about four
! departing guests. Ecto the gu2siSantj a naif miles from the ranch. By
replied in a lew brief "ords, with hisimai.:ing this change the road keeps
TIMELY HITTING SAVES DAY
ST. LOUIS. Mo., June 3. T.'n.rlv !
CH1CACO CATS BOSTON
BOSTON. Jur.e Chicago hit Nehf
oftem enough lo w in. Boston hit Ty
ler hard in the sixth. In the seventh
Hendrix, pinch hiitir.g for Tyler, sing
led and scored two runs. Weaver !in
ished the game. Zeii'.er's all around
play was excellent.
Inniags u. II. 3.
Chica?o 000 010 2205 12 1
Boston 0J0 I'll (i;U 3 Ii 2
Tyler, Weaver and Killifer; Neiif
ar.d Henry, Tragesstr.
biting combined with Gre;'? masterly
pitching enabled Philadelphia to vin
from St. Louis. Despite Gregg's hold
ing the locals to one hit, he would
have lost had not his team mates
bumped Schockr for four successive
l its in the eighth, as Sisler had sioien
third nnd home with the onl- run
scared up to that tima.
Philadelphia ..00'1 000 0202 9 0
St. Louis (KM) 000 100 1 1 2
Gregg and McAvoy; Shocker an l
Ntitianiaker.
Wood, Gilbert Maston,
Jack Armstrong, Roy
jacn u "Jra; complete the work, as there Is not
Hicks. Albert :, ,,! . ,in if .ni Kp n verv
FrPime. l)ouj Gilles. David Williams. ; t jmprovemellt over the present
G ffi2 llUams, Frank t rea3y, Andy .A fv,,,h , lanri in .h vi. tnt. '
Buy the Kind That
Requires Less
Smaller quantities of
this wholesome baking
powder are required to
raise perfectly even
the heavier war bread
doughs.
There are more bak
ings to the can.
All grocers.
Cresent
Double Act
Jig Baking
?owder.
(B-225)
Like all good things, Two-Horse Brand Over
alls have many imitators. If you want the best
the kind of which there can be no doubt of the
wearing quality because of our guarantee to give
a new pair free if they rip ask for Two-Horse
Brand with label as shown here and take no others.
Look for
iri IkitUbcL
Take no
substitute
MADE AND GUARANTEED BY v
Levi Strauss & Co.
San Francisco
AWARDED THE GRAND PRIZE AT P. P. I. E.
Sold by
All Dealer
Watch Your Blood Supply,
Don't Let Impurities Creep In
Fare Blood; Means Perfect
Health.
The average druggist ha handled
hundreds of medicines in bis day,
some of which have long since been
lorgotten.
But there 13 one that has been sold
Ly the druggists throughout this
country, for more than fifty years,
and that is S. S. S, the reliable blood
medicine, that ia nurelv vezetable.
Many druggists have seen wonderful
results accomplished among their
customers by this great old medicine,
and they know that S. S. S. is one of
the most reliable blood purifiers ever
made. Keep your blood free of im
purities by the use of this honest ol-l
medicine, and if you want medical
advice, you can obtain same without
cost by writing to Medical Director,
Swift Specific Co, 23 Swift I;bc;a
tory, Atlanta, Go.
WANTED WANTED
Fifty more men to take advantage of Free Military Instruc
tion, under United States Soldiers.
Fit yourself for service Join now Report Tuesday
night at 6:30 o'clock at Lowell Army Camp.
c r . ?.i;iicr,
V." i'.t:
G. J. Nicoll, and George;
:ty of the Empire Ranch.
i hospital at El Paso, May 23,otneu
I nionia. after a lingering illness, ilr.
WANTED
mm' r v ! muiliil, auci a tinseling, iuiicbo. i-u
ii VQ I I ft 111 P I I I f Davidson s nome was near lis fruces.
Ml & . U U WVll : N. M. Mr. Dowell attended the funeral ;
and Mrs. Dowell went from El Paso to .
Back From N.M.
SOUTHERN ASSN.
PROTEST GAME
BROOKLYN". June i Thp game be
tween St. Louis a;:-l Brooklyn lodiy
which the viuors won in twelve i:j
nings, was played undpr ns-oics; by
the home club. In tho sixth, with
Baird on second, Cruise hit a liner to
center whk-h Hickni:n stopped, but
could not hold.' !'.:i,rd reached third
and tb:nk!r.g tfc- hall was cau-. ht,
started back for second. After f.oins
back ahout fet, lie cut across the
diamond to the plate and scored. l',n
plre Rlgler ruled tiiat after a
runner had once torched third have
he was not compelled to re torch it
on his way home.
Olson protested the decision ::nd wn:--put
out of the game. .Manager Rob
inson then ordered his men to play
under protest.
O'Mara was hit by a hot grounder
from Meadow's bat in the second in
ning and his nose was split. Score:
Innings . H I-.
St. Louis
ZfO 001 020 00315 2.1
Brooklyn
. ... ..600 noi 001 000-12 13 2
Meadows, Packard and Gonzples
Grimes. Coombs. Griner. f " h en o ir tin I
.t 5l":!'ii, c,: Atlanta. 0.
M Nrtlivi'!f 3; w Orleans, 2.
At Cha'tanonca. 3; Mobil, 6.
At Little Rati:, 1; Birmingham. 0.
Two bright high school
boys, 14 or 15 years old, to
carry Review routes morn
ings. Hustlers willing to
work can make good money.
Humboldt renorts that the Consoli- Apply Review Circulation De-
ren district after an eight-weeks' ab-' dated Arizona Smelting company s to-' partment, after school,
sence. spent in attendance upon her j tal production of metal for la.it ;,'1'' '
brother, John Davidson, who died in a ' was 19,751, S42 pounds of copper. HaHBMmaMHHiHHMHaaM
the ranch home of her deceased
brother to spend a week, with the be
reaved family.
Mrs. Grant H. Dowell returned Sat
urday night to her home in the War-
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
AND HIGH CLASS CAFE
The best of everything at reasonable a la carte, prices .
A Special 60c luncheon daily. Also $1.00 dinner from
5:30 to 7:30 p. m. Regular Board by the month. $40:
$10 by the week.
Henry Poppen. Manager.
AMERICAN ASSN.
At Louisville, 3: Indianapolis, 6.
At T-!c.to. 2; Columbus. 5.
At MiH-aukee.5; Kansas City, 6.
At Minneapolis. St. Paul; rain.
QUEENS WALK AWAY
WITH ANOTHER GAME
ifPACKARD PIANOS)
i.
Miller.
1
AMERICAN LEAGUE
. w.
Boston , 26
New York '.!.'! 21
Et. Louis '.."20
Chicago '...".19
Cleveland 22
Washington
Philadelphia i,
Detroit . '. .11
L.
15
19
17
ir,
21
24
23
When the Copper Q.ieen nine scored
five t-Mlies in the second half or the
first inning of their game with the
JunctionDriggs nine Sunday afternoon,
'he J-B's tcok the slide regardless of
:heir score of two runs in the ilrst
half of the inning, and the game ended
In a score of 11 to 5 for the Queens.
The contest was long, tedious, and ex
cept at rare intervals was uninterest
ing. A fair crowd witnessed the slaught
er on the first really typical summer
baseball afternoon cf the season. How
ever, lack of pep in the teams and the
onesided aspect of the game failed to
hold the audiences a3 well as have
paet games of the league.
I The score bv innings follows:
Pet. Queens 520 103 OOx 11 10 4
.543 J.-Briggs 210 100 100 5 9 7,
ro-
i"i INCOME NOTICES TO
GOME FROM GAFITAL
.4S$
.42S
..i:i3
90
YESTERDAY'S GAMES
RUSSELL GOES INTO AIR
T!y Rt-visw I-.ia.l Wire)
CHICAGO., Jirne 3. Russell went to
pieces In the third and 1he local.)
scored six runs on three hits, one of
which Was a double by E. Collins, coup
led with four bases on halls and 0:1
error by H.innnh. Chicago added a
few more off Finneran' by bunching
hits.
Innings 'MI. E.
New York ...'.100 noi -i-m -2 s 2
All statements of Income tax due to
the government have been forwarded
to Washington from Arizona for audit!
and notices will be sent out from
Washington for the amount of the tax
as soon as the auditing has been com-1
pleted, according to a letter received
yesterday by T. A. Egan, Isecretary
of the Warren District Commercial
club, Irom Lewis A. Carpenter, collect- !
t r of internal revenue, at Phoenix. The ;
letter is in reply to a request of hun-
dreds of residents of this district who I
have inquired relative to their tax :
-mcago Wit; 1,10 2'JX !l 3 tl statement
Russell. Finneran and Hf-nnah; CI- Tlie letter follows:
cottc ai.d Folia;;:. . .,(( income tlx statements are for-
warded to Washington for audit. In
DETROIT HITLtSS due time notices will be sent out for
DETROIT. Mich . Juii" ?.. Holdii.s the amount of tax due.
Detroit hiticss. Leonard pi'chf-d I!os- "As to receipts not having been re
ton to victory thi afternoon. Cn!y 01:9 coived for the amount paid, owing to
Detroiter reached first bate, tti- re- the great pressure of business, there
suit of the only base on lhiIs Leonard was some delay in getting the re
issued, ceipts out, hut now all have been for-
Postnn hit Iais t"re-l, hunching worded.'
Save the Price of a $50 or $100
Liberty Bond on Your Piano Purchase
SAVE THE PRICE OF ALL YOUR WAR SAVINGS STAMPS
ON YOUR SHEET MUSIC AT W. MUIR'S.
PIANO FACTS
I EARNED THE MONEY TO BUY THE FIRST PIANOS I
SHIPPED TO BISBEE.
I SELL YOU A PIANO AT $50, $75 OR $100 LESS THAN
OTHERS, BECAUSE I PAID CASH FOR IT.
AN AGENT OF A LOS ANGELES STORE CHARGES YOU
$50, $75 OR $100 MORE TO PAY HIMSELF.
AN AGENT OF A CHICAGO FACTORY CHARGES YOU
$50. $75 OR $100 MORE TO PAY HIMSELF. WHY DONT
THEY GO TO WORK?
My Prices are Calculated to!Suit My Customers
Not to Suit the Agents
W. MUIR
Next Door to Well Fargo Express Office
Bfllr1lD)IHro
A Savings Account inspires confidence
quickens your energies gives you
firmer courage more stalwart thought
and hopes and carries you on to achieve
ment and success.
Have YOU opened an account here
yet?
SAFE DEPOSIT BOXES FOR RENT
The Body of
Our Paint
Is pure white lead. It Is mixed wlUi
turpentine or pure linseed til ac
cording to whether It U to be tued
for In or outside work. There is no
grit In It; no adulterants to make
Us manufacture cheaper. Paint ex
perts always (et their supplies
here. Wouldn't It be wise for 70a
to follow t example.
Bisbee Lumber Company, tnc
EMIL MARKS, MGR.
LOWELL CAR STOP.
PHONE t&
Main St.
THE DOUGLAS ASSAY CO,
ASSAYERS CHEMISTS METALLURGISTS
AND ORE BUYERS
SPECIALTY RARE METALS AND ALKALIES
BOX 1031
1 108 G. Ave. DOUGLAS, ARIZ. FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW. TUESDAY MORNING, JUNE 4, 1918.
UBLISHED EVERY DAY EXCEPT MONDAY BY THE
STATE CONSOLIDATED PUBLISHING COMPANY.
CULLEN A. CAIN-
-Editor and General Manager
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
The Associated Pres is exclusively entitled to the
ase for republication of all news dispatches credited to
It or not otherwise credited to this paper and also the
local news published herein.
A PROGRESSIVE AND WORTHY
MEASURE
SUBSCRIPTION RATES.
I-ER MONTH L
THREE MONTHS
BIX MONTHS
TWELVE MONTHS
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per year
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per quarter
PAYABLE IN ADVANCE:
.75
! 2.25
4.00
7.50
2.60
.75
No Subscription Taken For Less Than 75 Cents.
A Note of Optimism
On Mexican Muddle
along the
a decisive
Charles H. Newell, editor of the Dallas
Dispatch, after spending some weeks in
Mexico, writes a most interesting and
timely article on the Mexican situation in
which he declares that kaiserism is at last
on the defensive in Mexico. This is good
news, if true. Mexico's recent severance
of diplomatic relations with our protege
and ally, Cuba, was quite a shock. The
unrestricted spread of German propaganda
' in Mexico and the pro-German attitude
generally of those holding official positions
there have aroused disquietude if not dis
trust in America. But this trained news
paper editor has found that the counter of
fensive of American propaganda has more
than met and checked the work of German
agents. He views with optimism and con
fidence. In part he declares:
A declaration of war by Mexico against
Germany may be expected within a few
weeks six months at the most.
The only alternative apparent today is
another revolution by which President Car
ranza will be deposed by Mexican factions
eager to trade Mexican participation with
the allies for allied support of an anti-Car-ranza
revolt.
None of Carranza's friends
border believe he will dod?e
stand.
e There are .these three elements:
First The Carranza governmental fac
tion, which will aim to preserve its fower
in the way that seems most sure.
Second The pro-German element that
ignorantly hates and mistrusts America,
and that seeks to control Carranza.
Third The pro-ally sympathizers now
gaining strength, who are late in the field
but are fast gaining ground.
To the pro-ally diplomatic drive to
which I am permitted to give the first na
tional (publicity with official consent is
attributed the internationally significent
and happy shift in Mexican-American re
lations which has taken place in the last
few weeks.
Pro-ally propaganda has the following
purposes, which its sponsors frankly state:
First Complete suppression in Mexico
of German spy and propaganda wcrk.
Second Full co-operation between
Mexican and American troops all along
the border in stopping all bandit raiding
that has proved such a recent source of
grave international irritation at a time when
America is concentrating all her power
agains.t Germany abroad.
Third Prompt and full suppression of
anti-Carranza revolutionary junta activity
in the United States.
Fourth Mutual trade agreements and
resumption of exchange of labor and ma
terial between Mexico and the United
States.
Fifth Elimination of German officers
from advisory position in the Mexican
army.
Sixth Rapid crystalization of senti
ment among friends of the constitutional
government in Mexico both in and out
qf office for a flat declaration of war on
the central empires.
Seventh Ultimate rehabilitation of the
rich republic of Mexico with the co-operation,
both financial and military, and under
the absolute protection of the ALLIES.
This, in its large phases, is the situa
tion in Mexico and along the border today,
as I have learned from official sources of
unquestionable authority on both sides of
the Rio Grande.
Successful consummation of these am
bitious plan3 of the real friends of Mexican
independence and democracy, they admit,
depends largely upon the measure of co
operation extended by the United Stales
and her allies.
I am in a position to know that this co
operation has been cordially extended by
the Wilson administration, and that the
British ere fully in accord with the program.
Proposing state insurance for workmen,
with the employers paying for it, fixed
sums for compensation for all manner of
injury sustained at employment, settle
ments with injured persons or their bene
ficiaries without delay and in such manner
that lawyers fees and court expenses will
be done away with, petitions are now be
ing generally circulated for the purpose of
getting a proposed amendment on the bal
lot in November. If sufficient signatures are
secured on the petitions in the limited time
allowed between now and July, the pro
posed amendment will gc on the ballot and
be either accepted or rejected by the voters.
The proposed amendment directly con
cerns more people and is considered to be
of more importance than any other that has
been talked of a3 likely to go to the voters
this fall for their decision. It is claimed'
that if adopted it will reduce taxes through
taking a large present burden from the
courj costs of the state. Although the
benefits are higher than in any other state,
the death benefit being doublejbat provid
ed under the present Arizona law, the in
surance will cost the employer less than
charged by insurance companies. It will Le
optional with employer and employee
whether they work under the law, but
each is obliged to give notice if not wishing
to work under it. !n the latter event the
common law remains to each for protec
tion. The terms of the proposed amend
ment are so advantageous to both employ
er and employe, however, that each will
want to work under it. Important items of
advantage pointed to are that every work
man and his family will know that if acci
dent befalls him at work, payment wiil be
prompt and in amount guaranteed in ad
vance by the state, while every employer
will know just what he will have to pay
during the year, his assessment being based
upon his pa3'-roll during the preceding year
and according to the hazard connected with
the particular employment he gives.
While the sinking of American ships off
the American coast by German subma
rines will cause a tremendous flurry in this
country and a lot of talk and boasting in
Germany, yet it is only a drop in the
bucket as regards the losing or winning of
the war. It is simply a typical German '
stroke of ruthlessness to strike terror to her I
enemies. In other words, the idea of send
ing a submarine, or even a fleet of U-boats
across the ocean is to scare us to death; to
hamper and hinder and harass our ship
ping of men and food and munitions to
Europe as much as possible. The newest
type of German submarine cruiser has a
sailing radius of three or four thousand
miles, just enough to cross the Atlantic
and back. These boats, unless they have
a secret base on this side of the sea, must
do their work in a day or two and hasten
back for supplies of oil, etc. They can
only strike in spectacular fashion and get
away. If they have a base over here it will
soon be found and destroyed. If the object
was to frighten American sailors and troops
and authorities, it has failed already, for the
port of Boston was only closed an hour be
cause of the sinkings.
Those French troops battling so valiant
ly all along the southern end of the battle
line are fighting to save Peris. That is
what this present battle means. Either the
Germans must be checked at both wings of
the offensive and held or a general with
drawal must be made that will bring the
Prussians right up to the French capital.
The situation is serious. But French re
serves are arriving at critical points, and
French spirit is still indomitable, and no
one will believe for a moment that the Ger
mans can seriously threaten Paris. Many
thousands of American troops are in line at
points now threatened by the German ad
vance and it is expected they will take no
small share in future fighting, especially
if further advance is made.
We have our hardships to endure and
our sacrifices to make on account of the
war, but every once in awhile an item
comes through from some European capi
tal that makes us wonder if we are really
suffering at all, economically, from the ef
fects of the great conflict in comparison
with them. For instance, cotton thread is
selling at three dollars a spool in Vienna
and butter at nine dollars a pound in Con
stantinople. Douglas International: We advise all
candidates this year not to go into Bisbee
endorsing the I lunt legislative message or
I Iuntism if they expect to get many votes
in that district where votes will be plentiful
both at the primary and general election.
AN OPEN LETTER
TO THE PEOPLE
In a recent issue of the Phoenix
Gazette appears a letter to the editor,
written by some subscriber which
deals with state issues and affairs of
the present day so strongly, so truly
so logically and so well, that it is re
produced herewith in the hope that
every .good citizen or this state will
read it, not once, but many times, and
consider it with most serious thought:
EDITOR GAZETTE:
An open letter to the people of Ari
zena and to all officers of the state
who Jiave been elected by the suffrage
of the people Greetings:
Our state seems Jo be in somewhat
of a turmoil. A general feeling of ap
prehension and unrest throughout is
caused by the aftermath of what is
termed by some as the "Bisbee out
rage" of the 12th of last July. Conse
quently I will herewith offer a little
advice and make a few suggestions
pertaining to the situation as it ap
pears to me. one of the people, and a
voter. In the first place. 1 will ask
what is the government of Arizona,
and what is its status? Is it an auc-
tocracy, a bolshevik monstrosity, or
is it a democracy? Is it ruled by a
dictator, an emperor, a swashbuckler,
or is it ruled by the people? I have
believed, and do now, that it is a
democracy, and is ruled and governed
by the people exclusively. The fact
is the people are the court of last re
sort. They are the "big chief." They
are "it."
In order to run the business and
affairs of the state (or nation) easily
and properly the people appoint or
nominate and elect by a majority vote
certain citizens as their representa-j
tives, to act in different capacities for
and in place of their "boss" (the peo
ple) under pay. They are paid by the
people for their services; in fact, they
are to all intents and purposes the
people's hired servants. Now wc have
a chief executive called a governor, a
state's attorney and other officers of
state, also county officers, etc., all ap
pointed and elected by the people
(except some minor side appoint
ments) and they are all responsible
to the people, and to nobody else, for
what they say or do in an official
capacity. The people make laws, rules
and regulations through their legislat
ive representatives called statute
laws, to regulate and govern the af
fa'rs of state. And nobody tan make
a law but the people. And no one can
abrogate a law but the people, through
their representatives, and even their
action will not stand if the people ob
ject. The chief executive, the attor
ney general nor any judge upon the
bench can make no law, nor nullify
one. The great fact is that the gov
ernment of Arizona, as well as of the
whole nation, is of the pecple, by the
people and for the people, and "E.
Fluribus I'num" is our motto.
One may say that the chief execu
tive must sign an act of the legislature
to make a law operative legal. Very
good. You must know that when the
governor puts his official signature
to a legislative act or to any other
state paper or document it is just ex
actly the same as if a majority of all
the voters of the state had signed it.
and it is just the same with the state's
attorney or any other state official.
And whatsoever they "say," in an of
ficial capacity, is just the same as
though a majority of all the voters
had said it. l:ut the officers may. and
often do, 6ign and say things that the
people (their boss) do not like; and
sometimes, if they get the "big head"
(a kind of a disease) and go too far,
the people won't stand for it; then
there has to be a readjustment, a
straightening up, so to speak, or else
"out they go."
Very ''ell then; such Is the civil
government of Arizona, and of the
whole United States f America as
well, in a few words. The sovereign
prcple are the law. They govern.
They make and they unmake. They
enforce and they condone, as the ma
jority sees fit; and there is no superl
cr power or authority on earth to call
them to account, upon any cnarge
whatsoever, unjustly, f
Now we will look at the petty trou
bles that have occurred in our state
and see how they appear to some and
I think a large majority of the peo
Dle. We will take Bisbee as a fair
sample, because it went a step or two
farther than any other. What is good
for one town or county Is good for
any and all, under the same or similar
conditions, or, vice versa. Bisbee' is
a copper mining town in Cochise coun
ty, state of Arizona. It is composed
mostly of lionest, hard working citi
zens of the I'nited States of America,
and voters of Arizona.
A gang of lawless, niichief-making.
bulldozing, non-working vagabonds,
mostly foreigners, known as 1. W. W.'s
congregate in Blshce, where they de
fied the laws, rules and regulations of
a well ordered town and county, make
threats, stop the legitimate industry
of tiie place to the detriment of the
people, and even of the government.
This undesirable element became
very strong; great numbers gathered
in. and some old and new residents
were contaminated with their perni
cious sentiments. Work was stopped
for some time, and this seditious gath
ering seemed determined to keep the
community in idleness ad milium.
the law into their own hands and set of southern Ohio, Kentucky, the Caro
such a precedent. What balderdash! j liuas and Virginia.
I want to ask these wiseacres this!
question: When, since the fourth of I Mr. J. S. Cowan of the Ne York!
July, 1776. has the law ever been out Life Insurance company who Is well
School Notes
A competition has been in progress
." I U . , . 1, . rn. .1... r.w ......
"ecu mi, mi urn. uaj ui county, lert last Saturday Phoenix
one hour since, whose hands was it i fronl uhich i..fnt he i nin.ii.oii for Ke.
'attie and the Yukon to spend the sum-
in? Please answer. If the United
States was Prussionized once we
should very soon know the law was
out of the people's hands.
And again, it Is said and reiterated
by the I. W. W. sympathizers that a
"mob" gathered and committed the
"great outrage" at Bisbee. Again 1
want to ask can a sheriff's posse in
Cochise county, or in any other coun
ty in Arizona or in any state of the
United States, sworn in by law for
duty be called a mob? Or can any
United States marshal's posse be
called a mob? I think not. It would
be, and is, "Lese America" out and
out.
mer. Mr. Cowan is making this trip
on the special request of the Director
of Agencies of Vancouver. K. C
handle the work in the Yuk'-n duiliig
the open summer months. Mr. Cowan
is well acquainted with that trrritory,
ravins been a resident agent there for
a number of years In the early u'.- 'ory
of that gould region and the land of ice
and snow. Mr. Cowan will return l:
Arizona in the early fall am! continue
his insurance work in thin state where
he has made host of friend:.
The following pleas of guilty -vere
flntarAil Cuhirrlfiv ,. , ,n. i . f thf till-
Cochise county has had more than ior at Tombstone; Kafeal
,n 1 -1 n i vtilniia irnu-fi t it nisihmp I . ,
serve six
of the hands of the people? And lt'knmi.. I , n,,u. i ...n i'',.hic0 1 for the Pai4t si weeks among the chll
urcu in me ui. oin ana bin grades oi
the public schools, to see which boy
or girl in the whole district could pro
duce the best "War Saving Stamp"
poster for his or her grade. The best
,! posters were chosen according to
these merits: Originality, advertising
qualities and good work. The judges
were Miss Wilmer, Mrs. Moore. Sud-
' erintendent Philbrook and Miss Sloan.
Honor was given to the following pu
pils, and their posters are displayed
at the f)ix Studio. Several of which
received honorable mention are also
in the window.
Grade 4
1st prize, Wilfred Phillips, Lincoln
School.
2nd prize, Helen McRae, South Bis
bee School.
3rd prize. Maria Najar, Tintown
School. .
Grade 5
1st prize. Wilfred White, Lowell
School.
2nd prize. Clause Carlson, Lowell
School.
3rd prize, Herminia Reiffel, Central
School.
Grade 6
1st prize, Frank Corklsh. Lincoln
School.
2nd prize, Thelma Cox, Creenway
School. .
3rd prize, Robert Brereton, Central
School.
The board of school trustees adopt
ed the following salary schedule for
the grades. Teachers are divided in
to three classes according to efficien
cy. Salary Schedules for Grades.
1ST CLASS 1st year. $S5, $1020;
jna year ao. jioso; 3rd year $102
one lawless, vicious crowd to dispose
of in its time, but the law and order
people of that county have always
been equal to the occasion, dnd have
always done it effectually, and they
are able to do it again, and don't let
anybody forget it. We needed no
United States troops in Arizona then.
and never have needed any sinccthe
ii.u.a.i " " " - . - - - i nav
pie alone. Let them clean up all such :
lawless uprisings. They can and win
do it thoroughly. They will see that
the laws they have made for the gov
ernment of the state are duly respect
ed so that law-abiding working men
can do their legitimate work without
let or hindrance, and law and order
prevail. And the men w hom the peo-
Olivas was sentenced to
months and pay a fine of $23.00 for
transporting intoxicating liquor. ai.-
Clayton Johnson drew a like sente ;cQ
for the same offense. Ned Michettl, of
Courtland who was tried and convicted
last week for the crime of selling in
toxicating liquor, was sentenced to
serve 14 months at hard labor and to
a fine of 2"0.
The jury empaneled last Friday in
the trial of Roy Hoarn. of Willcnx,
charged with the murder of a M.
Arrowood. returned a verdict of not
guilty in the superior court Sunday.
The killing was the result of a con
troversy between, the two men over
word which Arrowood was cutting
nie nave pui mio uiulb iu iri"rcui ., ,.,A -Kinh
them, in the various ffainof state. n homestpa(le(1 ,Rw Arr0.
would do well to consult the people ; wooc, ha(, Bef.lirpd a rmit to c.., lhe
(their boss) before-they try to .go too , The first witnPS8 t0 he sworu
iar on ineir own uouk, au iu
! tn toatifv in hphalf rif th ufa'f .v.is I iooj. au
Each county of a I states has a , rherin - flf wicox wno tesli,u J J '7 r $138 $1656- 7
who is the ch.e executive officer of , nature and caue o - J1"" r - ". ?tn
his county. He is put in that position . ,Ja Stpwal, w hQ " d CLASS 1st vear JS5 tio'n-
hr the citizen voters of the county.! u ' . . . v.l.as m jear So. $10-0,
i
anu nis ousmess . r.r.i y,c row ood at the time of the killing. MrH.
people of that county in keeping order, gtewart lestifieU as to the C(jnversa
(also other duties), and if he can not ! anfJ tnc .r ln whj) h ,Jearn
keep order alon the people have made. had ArrowolMl atu.r wh,,.h bbe
statute laws authorizing him to depu-, was CO! roI)ratP(1 ,,v other testimor.v
lize every man in ii. tuu.u, lu ... iv. .... T r.nbhli, Alexander
him put down disturbances
tablish order again (if h needs so
many), and they are obliged by law
to help him with their life if neces
sary. Then if the unlawful, violent
element is too strong for him he must
call upon the governor. But suppose
the governor lias no militia to send to
his relief? Then he (the governor)
Monzineo and Jesse Moore, after
which the f-'tate rested its case. The
defendant was put on ' the witness
stand and testified that he on that day
met Mr. Arrowood with a load of wood
which belonged to him (tlearn) ar.i
upon so advising Mr. Arrowocu, an
argument took place, wherein .Mr. Ar
rowocd grabbed his 30-30 Winchester
year $90, $1080: 3rd vear S99.
$11SS; 4th year $108, $1296; 5th rear
$117. $1404; 6th year $126. $1512; 7th
year $135. $1620.
3RD CLASS 1st year $85, $1020;
2nd year $90. $1080; 3rd year $96.
$1152; 4th year $102. $1224; 5th year
$108, $1296. 6th year $114. $1368;
7th year $120. $1440.
Salary Schedule For High School
University Graduates
1ST CLASS 1st year $100. $1200;
2nd year $115, $13S0; 3rd year $130,
$1560; 4th year $145. $1740; 5th year
$160, $1920; 6th year $175, $2100.
2ND CLASS 1st year $100, $1200;
msteaa oi. caning upon me :.... ... . ,f . , f .. A ,... .
Normal School Graduates
1ST CLASS 1st year $85, $1020;
der the leadership of that county's
Khpriff. without the governor leads
h lin ulmn T r Mrirn urn lirtixl Vi i a n't'la i tlift ticon. ck ti?A r n a
th, nH.. of hia own state "".' " v, u. jwr iou, tauu.
l"c - - w-ith his it ft har.fl and at the same
to deputize their men and in an crae -it.iic ...uh his rf after which j
fecnw i Air Arrna-fifin rurnpr innsp nr in r''- Trtri voav Qn imwA. a tmn
sister county and put thewseho un-; . f wlkine several stens fell. "il2?4- 4th v.r mi iie.
$126. $1512; 6th year $138. 11657; 7th
S3. $1020;
ear $99.
5th year
$117. $1404; 6th year $126, $1521: 7th
them all, and make a thorough clean- IQyiof State NotCS 2ND CLASlst year $8
up. We need no United States help at L1 Iti OtUtC 1 OILS 2ND sb-m e.r $8
all in Arizona except it would be in 8?1SS- "h w.r 1108
invasion, and nerhaos 1 .- i 4.1.. :' 'los V-9.
case of foreign invasion, anu pernapb ; ArticIpS ,)f incorporation were fil
not even then. ,n tuc offices ol the state corporatioi
NUMA ANALYTICUS. i commission bv the El Paso Sash an.i
(One of the People). Dor company, the West Coast Ship-
; huildine company and tiie United Pa-
County Briefs
i ciiic Oil company.
The members of the commission oi
Judge W A Fowler at Tombstone ! state institutions went to Florence for
Saturday united In marriage Roderick a vLs.t of infection at the state peni
r,., :":y.. . !.,. nJn hfith I tertiary 1 he commission recently ad-
i .K. . n Z, v n7.,ni for tllc Purchase of a tract
of this city. The happy oung coup'e. I ..
lands oi" the prison. Many pieces of
land 'nave been offered the comiuio
slon for this purpese. and during 'ce
present visit the rcmniission v. ill in
spect these l.nds with a view nf select
ing the tract that is most desirable for
the purposes of the state.
have returned home.
Cattle are reported as dying from
lack of feed and water in many parts
of the county. The "iter situation
is becoming alarmingly serious. A
great many wells already are dried up.
The outlook for rain with the present
cold weather is mighty poor. There
are a few spots where there is both
good feed and water, but these are
mighty scarce.
John Zimmers waived pre! 'miliary
examination yesterday morning before
Justice W. A. Fowler, in Tombstone,
beins charged with the crime if per
jury. It appears that Zimmers told
other persons that he swore falsely to j in contempt
For having abandoned. Grand avenue
line, the Phoenix Street Railway com
pany of Phoenix has been called uoon
to answer to the state corporation com
mission. In an order issued late yes
terday afternoon by that commission,
the street railway company is com
manded to appear before the commis
sion at 1' o'clock on Monday, June lv,
and show why it should not be judged
in having violated an
ear $135, $1620.
in farmers' hands and storage we hat
at the beginning of May 73.o00.0u0
bushels of wheat to carry us approxi
mately three months, or with an early
hardest perhaps two weeks shorter.
Our normal consumption for three
months would be 120.000,000 bushels,
net alowing the allies anything.
certain testimony he gave in th
of the State vs. Ned Michetti, f-ir vio
lation of the dry amendment, and his
statements were further, corroborated
by other evidence in the case. Zim
mer3 appeared in the Michetti case in
behalf of the defendant.
Johnson and Cook bhipped about
3.hi head of cattle last week troni
Willcox to points in California. Colo
rado, Kansas and Texas. This ship
ment was made t'p from cattle furn
ished by John Greenwood, Wilson
Bros., Thomas 'Allaire. Wiley Margan,
John Gleeson, William Rice and Jelley.
The Riggs Cattle company snipped t
head to eastern points. Chi. icahti i
Cattle company shipped over 2imi:)
head to Denver. The Serra Bonit;'
shipped 300 head. The shipments wH
continue for two or three weeks yet
The cattle are in fair condition and
stood the winter better than was expected.
of the corporation commission
issued August 7, lii2. This order." is
sued neaily six years ago, set out in
detail lhe operating schedule of the
street railway company, the routes to
be observed and other matters con
cerning the relation of the company to
to public. It was stated at the office
of the corporation commission yester
day th it the abandonment of the
Grand svenue line apparently was a
violation of this order.
Two ! lf confe.sseil anarchi.-ts were
placed o-. trial at Tucson yesterday in
the federal court, when Peter Perru
chon and Thomas Martinez were ar
ranged on charges of violating Sec
tion 3 of the espionage act of J'mc
15, 1917. in having in their possession
literature designed to create mutiny
in the Limy and navy of the United
That movement of the Mountain
States Telephone and Telegraph Co.
now under headway in stringing an
other line from Prescott to Ash Fork
will serve a good purpose in tapping
a large section cf Big Chino valley
and outlying country, which has been
isolated In communication. The new
service will bring King brothers' ranch
the Puntenny place and the new oil
town of Heslet. and in all centers a
large number of people will be oene
fitt"d locate.) at places contiguous.
Commercial, official and industrial will
be more readily expended than In
the past.
A mock little man. wl.o looked about
50 years old, called at the office of
thu civil service secretary Friday a;
Tucson and told Mr. Garland that he
had a serious problem. "The govern
ment has been calling for mechanics."
lie bean. "Now. 1 am a mechanic, a
blacksmith foreman, but I am a little
old. I used to work at my trade, but
! Lave not done a stroke for several
years. You nee I retired. I do not
have to work. But the government
keeps ratlins, and I want to know
how to line up w ith that call. I admit
1 am ? little old. but I am tough and
i ran go n long way yet. Anyway. I
havo the tint.' ami the experience and
the knowledge and nothing holding
me." ' How old are you?" asked Gar
land.' "1 am 6S." he said, "but I don't
feel it. I can turn a bit of iron with
the young nif n yet." Secretary Gar
land gave him the addresses of th
public service bureau department 3f
laN:r in Washington, anil the proper
addresses -to write to at Pusct Sound
J. N. Xalis, has let the contract for
the, const ructicon of the building of
the new theater at Twelfth street and
G avenue, in Douglas, to J. M. Sparks,
anil work will begin tomorrow morn
ing. It is understood that the contract
amounts to more than $!'.". mo. Mr.
Sparks expects to have the building
Th..v .leflMil lhe officers of the county! finished befoie October 1. Including
and the city mavor to their faces, and the organ, interior decorations, seats
threntened destruction of life ami Mil other work, the theater will rcp-
propertv. The officers of the county resent an outlay oi more than $1imi.uuo dii,trict
and city had sent out to the governor when completed and will be one ol th ,
for help to stem the tide, but there nnesi in mo west anu oy iar mc unesi
w'as no help available, there, was no in Arizona.
state milttia at that time, and this -:
ribald crowd knew it and hooted at the The Rev. K. W. Simonson. rector ot
endeavors of the authorities to get j St. Stephen s F.piscopai church at
!...!, Th. n aft.. r the iimvor had been i Douglas left lor Davenport, low.i.
States. Perruchon is an Italian an
archist. Martinez is believed to be aia:id Mare Island navy yards
Mexicjn disciple. They were found to
be in possession of post cards on j For tiie purpose of compelling the
which A-eie printed a half tone reduc-1 state tax commission to recognize a,
tion of hp Italian anarchist newspaper, j right of appeal on a mine assessment,
denouncing the draft and objects and I a mandamus action was brought
DurDoso of tne I'nited States. It re-! agalnr.t the commission by Steinboer-
quired n magnifying glass to make the' tike & Co.. the arguments in the caso
print legible. The men were caught ) being heard before Judge Stanford Sat
mailing the cards to Italian workmen urday. The court took the matter un
throughout Arizona. Among their ef- j d"r advisement. The plaintiff own
fects wr- found corresuondence with : mining properties In Cochise connry
the hej.'s of the I. W. W.. thanking ! " ' claims was taxed excessively,
them f,.r their work of nromiKanda. I The tax commission reduced the tax
Both nun were picked up in the Globe
Positive denial of certain published
statements which have appeared in
Arizona papers, relative to the wheat
j conseria'ion sanation, is giien out in
the fol'owing telegram from , Her.x-rt ; itu. , appeals relative to the'assess
I Hoover, received by the fedrtral food;,,,..,,, r ,;., kv- ,i. . ..n;n,kj,.
but the reduction was still in excess
of the true cash value according 10
the owners, who gave notice of appeal
to the superior court of Cochise coun
ty. The tax commission declined tq
recognize tiie right of appeal and to
transmit the papers cm the ground
that the provision of the statutes relat-
i. ...i i .i..r;...i ... hia n.ce Ihe'Wi.TH his 1'iiM daughter sunn will I . . . . " i inein oi mines n
""" " I ... . . , , . i aumiuisiraior ior Arizona tm ay: 1 Uas rcnealed Judce Richard H
.... i.. . v uii.t liilil m-:i.ln:ite fi'inii a tmar.iintr sell. ml uliil .... . . . - was nptauu. Jims: iii.uaiu
iM..ic ... .- - - - -- - uepens nave neen circulated that m,,.,,, represented the nlaintiff aiH ar-
.....I- uiw,rirr uoUr Int.. service as i where Mrs. SniioiiKon is at l.resenl. 1 li r. . . ........ , . ... i Jyo.ui nprtMnuu nu pinmim an.i ar
" i , ,, , , . , noil uiiiiiiiiiMTH' ion ouuiais siiiie mat
many deputies as he wanted to do the: two weeks following the closing ot the. fur,her wheat conservation is n..t nec
wcrk right, and clean out the unde- school will be passed by the Rev. Mr. !0SS111V No statement of this character
siral.le. t'lreHteiiing element that in- j Siiiionoii with his wir.-and daughter j h.iA , .'Ver been issued The actual post
tested the i ity. (To clean the Augean, t points alxmt lile A.iclng.ia. he.i tjon s ,lr M,n,ills , .
stables, as it were). He did so. and j this period has passed. Mi. Simonson ,j llPXt harvest allows a Jmme . on
we all know 'lie result. land daughter. Mis. Maiga' ! i'l i-, .oniiptjcn ef ,iprnlm itr i.ne third
It has heen anl tli.it tlie.e was grea; iiii n to iHiugins. hiki I lie l.e. w. n.f normal, if x e nr to maintain i.li.il
guments for the tax commission was
made by Assisslant Attorney General
ll.'rlicn.
danger iuiolvud when the people took Simpson will go on a Ions, lo tour supplies. The actual position is ilut ' loan.
That Yava'pai county is both patri
otic and prosperous is linlisrmU'bl . evi
dent el lv lhe fact that it li'Ole lnat
doubled its quota t the Third Liberty THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY MORNING, JUNE 4, 1918.
FIVE
Mining and Financial News
BY REVIEW
NEW YORK. June 3. Divergent
war developments left their Impres
sion on today's stock market. Early
bulletins of a hopeful tenor sent lea-ling
issues considerably over last
week's final prices, but these were sur
rendered before midday on the news of
the presence of many submarines in
nearby waters.
The setback was very substantially
retrieved, in the final hour when short
covering, especially in speculative fa
vorites, resulted in rallies of 1 to 3
points.
Industrials and equipments led the
confident rise at the opening as well
as the rebound toward the close. Trail
ing along more moderately were the
motors, leathers, fertilizers and chem
ical issues. Rails for a time suggested
a revival of last week's inquiry, espe
cially Reading, Union Pacific, St. Paul
and New Haven, but strength in that
quarter proved of short duration.
Sales 740,000 shares.
Pressure against Liberty issues con
tinued, with new low records for the
first 4's at $93.40, the second 4's at
qi in onH 4V.'s at S93.80. The sen-
eral bond list was irregular. Total
sales, par value, Ja.SoO.Oon.
United States old issues, 4's gained
4 per cent on can.
RRAINS
CHICAGO. June 3. Submarine ac
tivities off the American coast brouj
about a rush of selling in the corn
market today and formed the chief
rnrtnr In a material setback to ihe
lowest price levels yet this season. Te
close was unsettled, 1 to 2l cents
net lower with June $1.28 and July
$1.31 to $1.31. Kames in pari
which subsequently took place were
ascribed to covering by shorts.
Oats were relatively firm as a re
sult of bidding from seaboard export
ers. Provisions advanced sharply with
hogs, but later reacted owing to re
vised figures on warehouse stocqs.
NEW YORK COTTON
NEW YORK. June 3 Cotton lost
steady at a net decline of 4 to 21
points.
NEW YORK METALS
NEW YORK. June 3. Lead firm,
scot 712Uff730. Spelter firm, spot
Tast St. Louis delivery 720 740. liar
silver 99.
Closing Quvtatioos, June 3, 1918
By L. J. OVERLOOK, Broker.
NEW YORK
Anaconda
American Can 43'
American Car 78'ls
American Locomotive 63
American Smelter 7lyg
American Sugar loS'.fc
Baldwin S5si.
Eethlehem (Bi 81
C & O ":"s
C F I iVi
Canadian Pacific US
Central Leather 6P-i
Crucible 86
Distillers ' 5tiTs
General Motors 120
Independent Alcohol 119
Lackawanna 83U
Marine 29
Marine Preferred 102 'i
Midvale 4S"4
Mexican Petroleum !3
New York Central 71 3
Heading 88
Republican Steel S6
Studebaker 4n3i
S'eel 98' 3
Steel, Preferred 109
St. Paul mi
Southern Pacific 82Vi
Sinclair Oil 27-ii
Texas Oil 145
Union Pacific 120 Vi
United States Marines 4
BOSTON
Adventure 75 '
A'touez 49
Alaska li
American Zinc , 13
Arizona Commercial 13
Butte 21
C & A 69
C & H 440
C Range 44Vi
Chino 41
Chile 15'4
E Butte 9Va
Granhi 7
Goldfield 2i
Grand Canadian 407i
Hancock 7V4
Indiana 80
Inspiration 49'ij
Kennecott 392U
Keweenaw ...... 1
Lake K'i
LaSalle '1
Mohawk GS'VA
Nevada 20
N Butte ir.i
Nip 8,
Old Iminon 40
fVsceola 51
Tond Creek IS1 2
CJuincv 72
Ray Consolidated 21 '4
Shattuck 17
Superior Boston 2Vi
Krginnon 2'Vi
St. Marys 2:i
Utah Copper 7S'4
Utah Consolidated 10
Winona '. . . 1 '
CURBS
Arkansas & Arizona
Austin
Arizona Silver King
Big Ledge
IV,
Butte & London 17
Calumet i- Jerome l's
Cornelia IS
Consolidated Arizona 17
Consolidated Copper 6U
Curtiss 32
Denn
Dundee
Kmma
Federal Oil . . .
Gadsden
Green Monster
Grand Island
Globe Dominion
Hull
Howe Soimd
Het.la
.lorome Yenl
Jerome Victor
Maeni Copper
Magma Chief . .'.
Miami Consolidated . . .
Okmulgee
21
4
24
12
45
1
LEASED WIRE.
Pitts Jerome 52
IVirpfliyry 60
Ray Hercules A
Tom Reed 1S
Tuolonine 90
United Eastern o',i
Verde Extension 37
Verde Combination
Wolverine Arizona IVi
West End 82
White Caps ':'
Wright Martin "
OATMAN
By Collins . Bretherton
Bid
Argo
Adams
Arizona Rex
Arizona Tom R 2
Big Jim Con 5
Boundary Cone
Goid Ore 12
Gold Road Bon 2
Gold Cliff
Lucky Boy
Sunnyside 2
Telluride 10
Tom Reed l.Sb"
United Eastern 3.50
United Northern
Red Lion
Other Curb
Gadsden
Green Monster
Butte London
Itundee
Venure Hill
Pitts- Jerome
Jerome Verde
Ark-Arizona
Jerome Portland
Ins-Needles
Hull Copper
Magma Chief
Wolv-Arizona
Verde Combination
Miami Consolidated
Verde Squaw
Nacozari Consolidated . . .
Verde Apex
Calumet & Jerome
Porphyry
Feather River
2.50
.62
.17
.S7
.50
.OS
.06
.45
.20
1.75
.50
-l5
1.12
.611
FORMER VVILLGOX BOY
GIVES VIVID ACCOUNT
OF GERMAN DRIVES
Tells of the Mass Formations:
and How They Follow Like
Waves on the Ocean. Ap-!
peals for Men and Supplies, j j
The following letter which was
written by Lieutenant Edward Joyce,
a former resident of Willcox to H. L.
Johnson of that city, dated April 28.
will be of particular interest now, us it
correctly gives an idea of what is be
ing done on the front at the present
time and discloses the mass forma
tions that the Germans are using:
American expeditionary Force,
France. April 28.1118.
H. L. Johnson
The Germans are still hammering
away at our lines on the British and
French front. The slaughter is some
thing awful. Germany is sacrificing
her men like so many flies. They start
their first over in a close formation.
They come like a herd of cattle, with
out any apparent realization of what is
in front of them. They must know
that they are simply breast works for
the succeeding waves and forge ahead
simply because they ar under an Iron
discipline, and perhaps with the silent
hope that they will ne wounded in
stead of killed. Following closely
comes the succeeding waves. The first
few waves are, of course mowed down
by our machine guns, the succeeding
ones crawl and trample over tne
mounds of bodies totally oblivious of
their existence until they reach a cer
tain objective where they halt and
open fire, and fight until the wave be
hind them passes. The wave that
passes goes torward until it conies to
its objective, then it halts and opens
fire and covering the advance of the
wave behind them until they pass, etc.
You can picture the slaughter caused
by our machine gunners as the Ger
man hordes advance in their herd-liko
formation. It is true that these tactics
are loun to advance their positions
but their death rate in attacks of that
kind is tremendous and require u
steady stream of reserves to be fed
into the maw. But all indications are
that the Germans have an abundan-e
of reserves right at the present time.
Many are young boys, but they fight
well. The Hun can keep up the pw
until ue loses a million ami a half men
as he can afford to lose them in thio
offensive. His killed- are rapidly near-
ing the million mark in the preseut
drive.
We hear strange rumors are being
circulated in the American press and
otherwise in the states that every
thing indicates that this war will be
over in two or three months. From
what I have learned of German prop-i-
At Jerome three headings are being
run on the '.Mi'i-foot anil two on the
aim-foot level of the Pittsburg-Jerome
3
15
2
3
16
l.e7l
3.75 1
.2 I
N. C. Booth of Santa Kita, M JS
is in Tucson seeping a leasers oril
was
operators for his
Silver King mine
group.
FOR WEAK LUNGS
r thmat troubl-n that tbr'.it-n bmw
rthronlc-. 1Mb Calcium rmnnoiinrt will tin
fnuiiff rfTff.ftv. T'm? Iinnji'-:t form T"t
dx iffi. Krofl from harmful nr habit
f"rmui ilrut. Try them today.
50 cent a box, including war lax
9 nr nl- hr all lrnlci! -
IXkaiaii laboratory, 1'luUUelphi
0alCETD5
ganda by copying their wireless, press,
etc., I would say that any rumor of
that nature sounds like the vilest kind
ot rumor propaganda to me. started
in the hopes of causing the American
people to construe semi-offiical an
nouncements that might affect the in
dustrial activities in the states and
cause the people in general to slacken
up. So I will tell you and you can pass
the word. It is going to take not less
than two years to do the job over here,
if we do what we started out to do.
And it's going to require not less than
five million good husky, aggressive
r
3.69 J .
i up
If ,
Was $600, Now
Was $450, Now
Was $350, Nov
1
Yo
to Get a High Grade Piano Cheap. These Pianos are All
New, coming from discontinued agencies throught the state.
Every one is fully warranted a lifetime, and a two years' free
exchange triai with each instrument.
Come to Our Store This Week, Get First Choice, or Write
for Complete List of Bargains
Phonography, Player Pianos . and Records
Included in This Monev-Saving Sale
Look
Fifteen Watches and Wrist Watches Given Away FREE to Girls and Boys
Come In and Let Us Tell You About It
Every One Entering Our Store Will Receive a Free Chance Ticket on a $22 Guitar to Be Given
EASY TERMS IF DESIRED
fkim
Philadelphia Hotel
Americans to do it, together with the
concentrated efforts of every human
being in America to keep the armies
In Europe supplied with food and the
necessary supplies. Ships are neces
sary now. and men, millions of them,
as quickly as they can get over here.
Don't forget to raise ail the beans
you can, and beef too. Europe reeds
the food and lots of it.
vwien I was in England officers
asked me: "When are you p.oing co be
able to place a few million men in
France? Why didn't you fellows come
before? We needed you." an-1 now
-
PIANO
nr upporamcy
1
1 ii M&iiiiU
Bldg. O.K. Street
the same thing is asked in Frantv.
w nen is A:::?rUa going to ?et a
coilple of million men here? Have
you ships yet? Are you buil'iing 'hem
rapidly. You fellows are a couple of
years late in getting here, out we are
glad you are here now to help us. Are
the Americans at home doing ai' .hey
can to win the war?" Of course, we
tell them we are building many ships
and sending many men to Fiance and
that the folks are doni.? all they can
and that we are glad to lit here am!
wili do all we can to help thorn. They
know that they would liae lost if
ON
For a
Few Days
Only
Iu3 Ff V
A'4S; Ik-
" m x m i txi . mm j v r jacr
.s ana oovs- i -
1
J
PODE L. BOYLAN
America had not entered into it v.heu
she did and they are quite frank in
telling us so. but they have been
staunch heroes for fonr years anil we
over here are in a position to appreci
ate what they have accomplished. 'ut
America must not make the mistake of
expecting the war iu rrnl too soen.
They must not slack uv. but instead
they must keep on increa-iin their ef
forts. The Germans must not i underesti
mated. They. are still very powerful
and the dangers of internnl disorder on
la scale large enough to menace the
i
ICi
Si
, progress oi the war will no; occu.- very
soon. The control of the nilita -y is
; too Strang. While it is tr:ii that their
best condition is bad enough, yet they
' feed their army substantially and the
1 army is doing the fighting. They
iuui mind if the prisoners and civii
( ian population starve to death, except
those working on war industrial work
I and they are not going to quit until
I they are a badly whipped natioii, and
greatly exhausted in man power. fxl,
Imuntions. supplies, etc., and that is a
long time hence.
1 EDWARD.
5ALE
on
Was $475
Now $86
Was $390
Now $192
Was $300
Now ?$120
Was $900
Now $475
ook
6
During This Sale.
Away June 20th
:
ii C !
Bisbee, Arizona j SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY MORNING, JUNE 4, 1913.
Red Cross
TJsts of the subscribers to the sec
ond Red Cross war fund which have
been published during the past veet
of the drive in The Review, will con
tinue to appear from (lay to day. until
' the final names have been published.
Following: is an additionnl list of
Honor Roll members:
Contributors
Concentrator
Jchn B. Murray -
Geo. Y. Gillaspy
Amount
Pedro Duaite
Guzman Leon
Rodolfo Hart-
Ernesto J. Xno
C. Q. Mechanical Deoartment
M. Frazier
3
3
10
6
3
E. C. Nelson -
Puce McKeen .
It. G. Applin
Win. Mcleod .
Charles Uibble
A. D. Cameron
A. J. Applin -
R. G. Pettillo,
C. Johnston -
Carl G. Fmith
Russell Hiedon
E. A. Graves -
All Soliday
Chas. Mieyr -
A. K. McDonnell
T. J. McNulty
Wm. H. Trolea.se
G. O. Rhodes -
B. W. Pernell
O. N. Alvin - ;
Lcuis Larson -
H. S. Pea roe
Ben Bowles
M. Pederson -
J. B. Donohue
Ralph Mayne -
L. C. Rascsdale
C. E. Wapef"
S. J. Pearce
Zacarios "Luoue
A. E. Lielrfoot .
Joe Henderson
Herbert Kei'ney
C. S. Heisler ..
Harry Parry -
J. P. Grant - .
J. E. Tibhetts
Max Wollman
J. A. Miller - -
A. M. Sinclair
"Win. Worov. Jr
C. O. Honscn
Jce Klnsella
Pan Twomey
Phillip Butler -
W. G. Cramer
J. H. Perry
C. V. Fisher
C. S. Bear ......
H. Horn
p L. Woodman
WTm. Gunn . -
G. Creasey
J. S. Bell -
J. L. Dusard -
H. Felsrud -
John Canaday
M. T. Frush
Chas. Forcade
Frank Atr.cll
E. O. Tludson
J. V. T. Walters
Fruman Kins
Geo. Rainsford
Ed. Foutz
P. R. Sullivan
R. C. McGregor
Lee Holle -
H. S. Robinson
L. L. Bain
James J. Powe -
flRobert J. Jones
T. D. Fitzpatrick.
D. R. Hancock .
L. H. Booking
F. Pen nock
Pat 0"Donnell
C. Wedle -
P. W. Black
R. McKim
Fred Lambert
W. A. Arthur
Robt. Norman
Fred Poscjjer
Pedro GhIIcro
P. F. Sanborn
L. F. Bottom
Frank Mieyr --
J. J. Brown
A. G. Ascher
E. A. Stodgfll -
H. G. Able
Ray Glanville
J. C. Nowlin
J. E. Conley
C. T. Johnson
John Forsber;?
T. H. Mallon
K. C. Doll
F. A. Miller
E. A. Wilson
Ernest Johnson
1
5
.... 3
...2.50
.... 5
...2.50
2
2
1
4
.... 1
.. 1
5
.... 5
5
.... 10
.... 5
.. 5
.. 2
..2.50
5
4
5
2
2.50
10
10
5
5
.... 5
.. 5
.. 5
5
.. 5
.. 8
2
3
3
.. 5
S
3
2
5
2
3
ZZZ'Z 5
2
5
2.50
8
2
1
2.50
5
4
4
3
2
1
5
5
2
2
2
5
5
. 5
5
5
o
5
5
2.50
5
- 2
5
,f.i.(.;ilVlVi7.!,
jaSKsaiia
f
r
delicious, invigorating the
drink for all. It is the nation's
best new beverage:
Alpha is a beverage of quality
it allays thirst easily, quick
ly and completely.
Every Home Should Have
Alpha
THE TEST IS IN THE TASTE"
Order a case of Alpha for your
home give it to your friends
drink it with your meals.
ALPHA BEVERAGE DEP AI&MENT, CHICAGO
Crystal Bottling Works, Distrs.
Tucton, Ariz.
mm m mm mny wy
,11 mm.
Honor Roll
A. M. S:nock
Jce Hall
C. F. Butler
R. C. Weber
R. F. Borden
Geo. E. Perry ..:
Chas. Haner
H. O. Harris
W." M. Brown
.las. Cameron
Frank Webb
W. R. Tonkin
Jack. Warren
Jno. Trczise
Geo. Ethel
Joe Marshal
J. G. Mills
C. A. Hines ..
James Cowling
Ed. Boyle
Francisco Limon
.loniulo Razura
S. Garcia
R. A. Millsap
Isaac Riggs
Arthur Sheppard
W. M. O Connell
Justus Gonzales
Granville Riley
George Nichols ..
Elmore Daniel
Leo Silvnrthorn .-
M. McQuilliam
Hilario Ramos
W. M. Pitts
Mike Hurley '.
J. H. Cunningham
Niels Kromann
W. H. Butterfield
R. E. Lalond -'
E. L. Cumbach
R. E. Steele
Geo. Bohmfalk
W. W. Aseltine
Manuel Limon
H. Borgatta
Mike Harmon
S. J. Wasser r.
R. R. Evans '.
George Lanphere
Frank Tuhey
Tcm Brown
W. C. Mains
Sacramento H
Abran Santa Cruz
5
... 6
... 5
... 5
... 5
... 5
... 5
... 3
I
... 5
... 10 I
... 6!
... 4 j
... 5!
:: !!
6
6
3
... 1
... 1
... 4
::: !
l
... 2
... 5
... 2
.50
... 1
... 5
... 1
... 4
... 4
... 15
. 5
... 10
... 3
... 5
r
... 2
... 5
... 5
... 5
ill
2
2
2
2
2
2
2
2
2
2
10
2
1
3
2
8
5
2
2
1
Salvador Leyva
Febronio Martinez
Manuel Zuniga
Pedro Uries
Albino Barbosa
Jesus Flores
Angel Flores
Maximiliano Feranco
Pablo Rodriguez
L. W. Comerford
A. D. Spence
F. W. Clark -
E. P. Rountree
C. K. Wangemann
J. H. Hart
J. A. La Rose
Ilrancisco Corte
Fidencia Renteria
Manuel Montane
Joaquin Ecudero
Ignacio Sanchez
Francisco Otero
1. Brassington
N. W. Pronger
C. O. Earp
A. B. Jewell
Geo. Mieyr :
L. M. Steen
Thoina3 Fsragher
Jas. Ryan
W. R. Lake
Gabno Garcia
Fuben Lopez
Gonzales Pisano
Lav.rence Hurley
A. S. Loe - -
... 2
.... 2
.... 20
... 10
10
4
.... 50?
.... 51
.... 2 1
.... 10 :
...2.50 j
.... 2 j
.... 2,
2
.... 5
War Summary
(Ry Review Leased Wire)
Germany's sea wolves are preying on
commerce in the Atlantic ocean Just
off the shores of the United States.
They are known to liave sunk at least
seven vessels, only a short distance
out of sight or land orr the southern
New Jersey shore. It is reared that
still other vessels have been sent to
the bottom as their movements have
been reported at various times during
the last fortnight by ships coming into
port rrom southern waters.
Thus rar only one lire is known to
have been lost in the sinkings. A ma
jority or the vessels were sunk with
bombs after their crews had been
forced to take to the ship's boats.
Offensive Slows Down
Although it cannot be said that the
Germans -in their new offensive hava
been definitely stopped there is, never
theless, a marked dimunition in the
speed with which they started out,
and their gains since Saturday have
Alpha is
sold
wherever
soft
drinks are
served.
'' TO C ml 1 WW . i.
WITHOUT eHwUM" li
hvrooRvriNa a
MbrflTMiTlOU (?
Atk Your Dealer
LoNACOHOuc
Hi
ft'1'.
boon relatively small when compiucd
with those or the previous days.
And. according to the account of
unofficial observers, wherever :ney
have been able since the stiffening of
the allied lines to attain new positions.
an exliorbitanf price in lives has been
CTHMoiI tx-nm tha.n Q o.nol tinvn
been the casualties suffered that the
nuMiiiiiifUiiriiii mvisiun uiu finiie ui
Hip r.ermnn ernnn nrinee-U .lee'nre.!
to have been withdrawn from the bat -
tie,
Particularly hard fithtine aeain has
been in progress between Soissons and
Chateau Thierry, where the Germans
are endeavoring to push forward to
ward Paris, but not alone have the
French troops almost everywhere sv--cessfully
withstood the onslaught, put
on several seUorB themselves, havr
taken the initiative and gained ground.
As a whole the situation along this
line is relatively unchanged.
German Lines Held
The German war office at last has
admitted that the allied line n fie
west has been reinforced by fresh
units but it asserts that thev have n'f
been hable to hold the positions to
which they were assigned. Neverthe
less tje fact is patent from an obser
vation of the war maps tnar e-rr.r
everywhere in this regian the eOrnnn
line, for the moment at Ieart. is beins
neiti.
From Chateau Thierrv eastward and
along the Marne and thence to Rheims and m 8 few "avs th?y wcre k,,lcI-
the situation is virtual? unchanged wood and thrown ana.
from that of Sunday. I "of conrae we had many experiences
The enemy now holds the northern ! an(1 1 shaI1 not forget .Monday. May
bank of the Marne for a distance of : " when we had our dinner, with the
about IS miles, but as yet he has mad. j submarine lying on th ! bottom in 28
no serious endeavor to cross tlio i fathoms cf water. The commander
stream. j told us it took 45 seconds to submerge
Little fighting aside from the usual! 'he boat, nnd there were times when
small affairs between raiding parties ; I could hear them using their wire
is taking place on the Flanders front, j less.
The British have carried out success-1 "One night the wireless transmitter
ful raids on several sectors here, and i was so loulit awakened us. They
taken nearly 300 prisoners jwere sending mcsasges either tc en-
Americans Active I other ship or to some shore station.
American aviators are giving sood j Every night the operators listened to
account of themselves over the bat- j press bulletins sent out from America,
tie line In France. Since April 14, j One of them told me or the battle
when they first took the air In offen- drive new on In France,
eive- operations they have shot down "They also said that the Whitehead
at least thirty-three enemy planes and I torpedo factory had been blown up in
themselves only lost seven. Austria last week. The engineer that
Volunteer recruits to the number of ' ran tne Diesel engine told me that he
50.000 for immediate service with the ha(, been an enKjneer of the passengr
Irish divisions are asked for by the ; 8t0amer, George Washington, or the
lord lieutenant of Ireland in a prDt la-, North German Lovd iine, which plied
matlon. After this, recruitment or , between New York antl Bremen be
2,000 to 3.000 men monthly are n skd fore tne war"
for to maintain the Irish divisions. Sais nto Trap
..V" . ,
fight for their country is promised
In the proclamation.
Work or Fight
Rules Provide
Local Report
washi.uton, jane 3. ituits tor
the enforcement of Prove
vost ' .v.ar.3
.llial
General Crowders "work or fight" res-! sheajt i 8aw a three masted schooner,
ulations announced today, call on alliw;,h Rna set. lvinp nearlv directly
citizens to report to the nearest local
draft
t board names of mn within draft
age
wno aie i.aumia:: . iu:e ur u.u
are employed non-productlvely.
E-.cli ocal board is created mi
what will be virtually a court to do
cide such cases as may be brought
berore it. Upon a case being pre
sented the board will serve a no'ico
on the registrant or not less than
nree days nor more than seven days,
directing him to present such e.idep.i f
as he may care to submit. In every
case the board must send the com
plete record to the district butird for
approval. If the district board ep-
Droves the findings adverse to a re:
istrant he will be given notice and if i side the submarine,
any vacancies exist will sent inine j Sink Both Vessels
diately to camp or placed at the top; "Just about the time we were ler.v
or the list next to go. ; ing our boat, the men on what proved
An appeal to the president may be ' to be the Isabel Wiley, were going over
made onl in the event or a di3sention ' the side into their gasoline yawl. Of
in the district board and with recom-i course, we obeyed and all went to the
mendation or the appeal agent or ad
jutant general.
LINER CAROLINA,
WITH PASSENGERS
REPORTED LOST
(Continued from Page One)
of them had been prisoners for several sea smooth," said M. B. Brewer of
days aboard the submarine. Booth Bay harbor, Maine, third ofricer
The survivors were from the steam- j or the Winneconne, In describing his
ship Winneconne and the Hattie Dunn experiences after he and his men left
and Edna. Twelve more survivors of the submarine in small boats,
the schooners Hauppaug and Isabel B. "I must saw that the German skip
Wiley who were making for shore in a per treated us decently. Tor he sent
motor yawl last night are believed to a supply or water ror the boats and
have landed somewhere lurther down ' also some cans or black bread. He
the coast. Captain Charles K. Hoi-! said the bread was baked in April, and
brook, commander or the Hattie Dunn, I tiid not eat it because we had plenty
said that his ves3el had been sunk
May 25 and he and his crew taken
prisoners by the submarine.
The vessel which brought in the 4S
survivors was an American steam-
shin which nicked them up at o'clock
this morning, 25 miles from Barnegat,
N. J. Captain Holbrook of the Hattie
Dunn, whose home is at Tenants Har
bor, Maine, told the following story
of how he and his men had bef n kept
prisoners ror eight days on the subma
rine: Start Shelling Vessel
"We were about 16 miles south of
Winter Quarter lightship,
shell pass near the vessel.
I henrd a
Then came
another shell, which fell perhapi a
quarter or a mile away.
"I was not taking much notice, be
cause I believed the vessel which I
saw about two miles awsy. -vas an j
American submarine at target rrac-1
tice. A third shell exploded close by
us and I knew that whoever it was
they wanted us to stop.
"The submarine, with her super
structure and conning tower showing
plainly above the water, came vtithia
200 yards and I saw that st;e was
flying the code letters "AB" moaninj
'stope immediately.'
"From a stafr fluttered a sm-ill flag
of the imperiol German .iavy. An or
ricer nnd three men came over i:i a
small boat. In perfect English .he f
ricer told us to get into our boats and
that we had but ten miiiLts to ret
clear or our vessel.
"They placed bombs along side of
our vessel and blew her u; Immedi
ately, In the meantime putting an
armed German sailer on board th'j
small boat In which were seven men
and myself. This did iv:t nn ;im
l ro-ci my ic. ! elfws and o
, I lost them all. .Mv men cly saved
whit th-v stood .
; Sights Another Vessel
1 -Perhaps I would have been given
more time if th- eommand-r of the
Sll I iPla 11110 M l!OI Seen t lie llrV.lp
puige .under full sail about 4 or i miles
" n-i..
lisht and. I understand. Ih'UIm! l.'Oin
1 PortHnd to New Port Nws.
i "They destroyed Captain rrw-eni-?-t
Uine new schooner. af:er crd.'iinT him
anu nis crew to take to ipeir n-.'ui
and within half an Aour b't'i crews was tue Bristol which reicueti t:ie
i were on board the submarine urni both ' rew f the sciiooner reward II. Cole,
the !;m-.iil boats placed oi th . suhma- j rftr'" the rlc's 'npn ,ial been adritt
.rms deck and were lashed down. I1" "ltir sma" boats for several boms.
I "We were kept below for several!, suspected 't ihe V bouts
incurs, until the sulnnari.u- pi.-ked u i trailed these small boats for the pur
it n,,..,;,, r.ii.,,,. ,.,i",v,n VM-.i .,t i Pos ? oestroviiig any ve.-.csl wnich
r.VWk in the r. fie. n., Til. 11 Icnrs-.
jthe co'.nm'Uider thought ho had done
I a good day's work, fcr ho w m in u.i j
excellent humor, and told usWapiains
. thal W(! c0ul K on !e(k nav ? a
to llle others that day. but later they
! (l l!llir chance once In l 'vlnle.
Submerge Many Times
"We submerged many time-; during
the first three days on boiiid. ami,
to a man like myself, who U not used
to it, it was an unpleasant expe'i
i en-e.
The pressure of submerging re
sulted In smashing our boats, which
we naa 'ashed to the submarine s (l-ck.,!
' The Winneconne sailed into a fine
nrma ,rnn nn Qllni.,v moPnine. ac-
I cording to Henry Walsh, of San Fran
Cisco, the first officer. Walsh said the
steamer was on her way to Protlivence,
I R. I., with a cargo of 2,800 tons of
j coal, loaded at Norfolk, Va.
I "Third mate Brewer called me up to
tha bridge about 10 o'clock Sunday
nornir.g," said Walsh. "He told mo
that he had heard shots somewhere
I ahead.
i . lna
time we were about CO
; mi'es east of Cane M.1T. and looking
,,,, Ti,r wa, .nnnrh winfl to
i m ne"r saK.; and , thought it strange
,., , .mhin.
"Then I saw what looked like a de -
o,, r cone t of ffom behind her.
- ' . , ,
could see it was a submarine and that
the men on deck were not dressed in
; white as they would be at this time cf
year on an American vessel. Then I
saw the German flag, and the subma
i 'nr sent a solid shot across our bow.
They lowered a small boat and a lieur
tenant came with some or the crew
alongside, telling us to get into the
boats and to row ever and lay along-
i side or the submarine and the German
icrew first sank the Winneconne and r smsing w. . r, tt. iu -r-:.
io.i -.i.. ;.h laii niarine fired at the British tanker
bombs. The winneconne went down
in rive minutes. Thev gave us onrcers
'......h.fiMMn:
lillic tiniih'i v fU'C muni j vm --
i Lbu5" fP,?
lien uiu ruuii-u.i: iu . i.vj suv
marine captain at 4 o'clock Sunday
afternoon the weather was fine and the
or our own rrom our ship.
Boats Get Together
The three boats or the Winneconne
and the gasoline launch or the Wiley
got together Sunday night, because I
: had a light in my boat. There were
I thirty men in my boat, which was
the biggest. With the men at the oars
we struck a course for Absoron Inlet
in the eJrscy coast.
"About 11 o'clock in the night we
had a north west thunder squall which
kicked up a nasty sea ror hair an hour.
Had it Jasted another half hour, we
all would have drowned. Our boats
1 were deep with the weight or the men
i and their dunnage and continually
shipped water during the squall.
"At daylight Captain Sweeney or the
alluppage and Captain Thomassen or
the Wiley said they would go on with
the gasoline launch and make toward
the Jersey shore. or course, they
could make two miles to our one and
we soon last sight of them, and I
don't understand why they have not
been heard from."
The steamer W5nneconne was a ves
sel of 1.809 tons gross register and was
owned by the American Trans-Atlantic
company of New York.
The Hauppauge, launched at Wil
mington. Del., in March of this year,
was owned by R. Lawrence Smith.
The vessel was 200 feet long and about
l.Oiio tons gross register.
The Edna was a three masted
schooner, 123 feet long and 325 tons
register, owned by the A. O. Anderson
shipping company.
MOHAWK REPORTTD SAFE
AN ATANTIC POUT. June .1 The
steamship Mohawk of the Clyde line.
whit h was reported to have left here
! yesterday nd thought to have been
I in the submarine operating area is I
'afe i:i port, aciording to officials of.
the line. I
roximity t" the New Jersey shore
ve'l the coal steamer Bristol, owned.
j '"V of
'iosto i. from destruction s-
Pursued lv tile two U-boat
, ,, ,,,,. - ., ,., ,,,.,. 1
I," ,BU ". '."I
hal o-v wai'T and escaped only bt
cause the submarines, dared not fol
low lier farther.
Rescues Cle Crew
i micht attempt
rescue of the sut-1
marines hovere;! near a.ter tne t. ol
r-'.v had been taken on board in the
Bristol.
Captain Frederick Hart, command-1
Ing tiie Bristol, said the U-boats were j
"b!g felolws' which could go six i
knots an hour. j
Haskell Crew Safe (
Tho Coastwise steamship Grecian
rescued the rew or tne scnoonei
Jacob M. Haskell, victim of a Germa.i
submarine, acrording to information
received here tonight. The Grecian
js due here early
tomorrow morning,
of the schooner Ed
p g. Samuelscn
ward H. Cole's crew and Robert L.
Alhiige. first luate telling the story of
the Cole's destruction paid a tribu'e
to II. C Newcomb, the captain for his
intrepidity in the moment whfti an
opportunity came for the Cole's crew,
eleven In numbed to be rescued by the
American collier Bristol.
Bravery of Captain
The Bristol Bighted the Cole's crew
in one open boat trying to reach shore
nearly five hours after their vessel
was sunk, the Bristol not noticing the
rubmarine in the distance. Captain
Newcomb of the Cole said to Captain
Frederick Hart or the Bristol:
"Don't stop to pick us up. Beat It
quick or that submarine will get you."
The U-boat meanwhile was moving
toward the Bristol but Captain Hart
declined to depart without first rescu
ing the Cole's crew.
Six of the latter, together with the
nine fireman on the Bristol, went to
tho Bristol's fire room and coal holds
and ror the first time in the voyagin
or the Bristol, she is said to have
made seventeen knots an hour, as com
pared with her normal nine knots.
Samuelson said that prior to the
appearance of the U-boat about 4 p.
ni., Sunday, the rcew had observed
so much floating wreckage that he
was not astonished when what he
thought at first to be an American de
stroyer proved to be a German sub
marine. Fires on Submarine
The Cole's crew, which had been
"iven time to escape, set a sun course
Tor New York, passed through fresh
wreckage which they took to be evi
dence of other- victims and were
nearly run down r.t dusk by an un
identified pteamship which failed to
obsprve them.
After proceeding another five miles,
they saw an armed steamship open
fire on the U-boat. whlcB naa not let:
; the vicinity of the Cole's crew. The
I submarine at once gave battlo and this
... . ,,, .Ifv A0ulr,,n,t nf
the merchantman, as the latter dis
appeared in a manner to Indicate she
was s"nk.
The Cole's crew continued to row,
with the U-boat still discernible and
rr--s.-"tlv teavv firing was heard and
another steamship was observed to be
the object or attack. This vessel, too.
was believed by the Cole's crew to
lim-e been sunk.
BRITISH STEAMER ESCAPFS
PHIT ADELPHU, June 3 T h e
!merlcrn tank steamer Herbert L.
Pratt. Mexico Tor Philadelphia witn
a careo of oil, was sunk by a German
U-boat todav on Cape Henlopen at the
' mouth or the Helaware.
! Arco but she was able to get away
: unh"rm. ' . .u.
Mtnin twenty minutes irnra i..e
time the Pratt was sunk naval ves
sels gave chase to th submarine and
in a very short time thereafter the
war ships opened fire on something
at sea, but it is impossible to say just
what occurred.
The crew or the Pratt was landed
t the fourth district naval station at
Cape Helopen and cared for during
the nleht. The Herbert L. Pratt was
owned bv the Atlantic Refining com
pany of Phfiadelphia, one the Standard
Oil group of corporation. She was
5,372 net tons.
FIVE U-BOATS ENGAGED
NORFOLK. Va., June 3. Naval offi
cers here said tonight their reports in
dicated five Oerman submarines had
been operating along the Atlantic
coast and that two had been sighted
off the Vireinla capes.
f Rear Admiral Fletcher, command-
Lpnt or the Norfolk Navy yard, said two
U-boats had been sighted off the A ir
ginia capes and Rear Admiral McLean,
commandant of the fifth naval district
said in addition to these, two others
were reported off the coast of New
Jersey and one off the coast of North
Carolina. Neither officers had been
ndvised of any engagement between
American warships and the I'boatR.
BATTLE IS REPORTED
NEW YORK. June 3. Officers of
t!'e naval intelligence bureau were un
derstood late today to be trying to con
firm reports that an engagement toon
; place between American destroyers
and German submarines off the ir
ginia coast this afternoon.
When you know
that you should
dismiss cof fee,try
InstantPostum
Tk
Drink that so many q
now are using. m
iSnwl.W.W.TESllWy
I
Is Given From Five to Terij
Years for Shooting at Mis
Mary Hughes in This City.
Will Be Taken to Florence
Mr3 Ernie James, who waj convict
ed on the cri:ao of an assault witii a
deadly weapon in the superior court
it Tenibstone on May liuth. was yes
terday sentenced to serve a tern: o"
r.ot less than five n"r more then ten them to undertake, just so :t was di
years in the str.te penitentiary at i-lor- rected against the owners of prop t
ence and will be takm to that lrU-" representatives of law a:ta govern-
tution today by a representative of ,.But wfcat , want to sr,ppk t
the sheriff's office. She was ronvieted . mos. js tne winning of rli- war. nnd
cn having made an assault on the not the efforts of any organizaMo-i to
22 year-old daughter or John Hughe.?, "lose the war. Looking from the car
when the latter came out of the J. C. i windows as I passed through the uv
Penny store on Main street on March I of Oklahoma, Kansas. M i.istmri. Io?.--.
11th." She fired three shots at her, all i and Illinois, I saw war gardens by the
of which barely missed hitting the ' hundred. Gardens that gr.j.v right up
young lady, who ran into the store as j to the street pavings of ;h. ;iti-'s and
Mrs. James drew the gun. The facts ; up to the doorways cf the firms R!id
leading up to the case are well known 1 suburban places, K'in?ai tvh' it
to The Review readers and need no j crop and the Iowa cot crop pre the
repetition here. The jury in the case greatest these state havr evrr known,
was held at Tombstone for nearly a 1 1 tell you It cheered me to se? the way
week because it was reported that j tne farmers of all these states have re
Mrs. James was in no condition to be:Bpon,ej to tne call of all the allied
brought into court. After Judge Lo- r- governments for food. The green flag
wood had three doctors examine heriof thw Krowing crops waVe over th. s
condition she was brought :;v court , stateg ,ike banners over a wi:;nirR
and the verdict of the Jury rendered, j army u ooked as tho.is.h everv f.,t
Since that time Mrs James has been , of m, ha., cn mni:i,.,, flir'veg
in the county hospital at Doug.as until ; b, A , .
Sunday when she was taken to Tomb-i
stone and was able to walk Into rourt f , , c h,e coja.v
yesterday morning and when the juog-, h fl year, A co)ouJ
ment of the court was pronounced it ' . . H r,.,rr ..,,
did not seem to make any pronounced
Impression upon her.
Mrs. James vill have as her travel
ing companion to the penitentiary to
day, a Mrs. A. Latfipkin or Douglas,
who entered a plea or guilty to passing i George Hushes, one or the original
forged checks in that city, and was ' locators of claims in the Big V-:t, t.i---sentenced
to serve a term of from trict or Yavapai county, is d-vid. He
one to five years. I died at a milling camp near V. iefcen-
This will make the third convictio t i burg.
Legal
i
United Chino Oil and Retiring j
Company !
At a special meeting cf the Board cf Directors of the
United Chino Oil and Refining Company, held .t the
General Office cf -the Company, at 15 Nr.nh Second
.Aver.ue, Phoenix, Arizona, at 3 P. M., "rriday, Mry
3 1st, the following resolution was adopted:
WHEREAS, THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS at
a previous meeting decided to give the stockholders of
the company an opportunity to pay the balance of two
cents per share on their stock, to clear it for trading on
the open exchanges, and
WHEREAS, at the same previous meeting it -was
decided to issu bonus stock to thibse who paid the two
cents per share now instead of waiting until the com
pany is producing oil in commercial quantities. FLR
THEREFORE, the Directors of this companv decided
to issue this stock on the basis of ONE SHARE FOR
EVERY TWO SHARES ON WHICH THE TWO
gENTS BALANCE WAS PAID, and
WHEREAS, it appears to the Board of Directors
that it will be necessary to close the books of the Com
pany on this two cent payment on the 15th of June,
1918, now therefore
BE IT RESOLVED, that this offer of bonus stock
to those who pay their balance of two cents per share
will be withdrawn at midnight, Monday, June 10th, and
after that date the Company reserves the right to refuse
any more payments of the two cents balance and to re
fuse to issue any more bonus stock.
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Company
does not in any way waive its right to collect from
holders of UNITED CHINO stock, who do not pay the
balance now, the balance of two cents per share as per
contract when. we are producing oil in commercial
quantities, at which time no bonus stock will be issued.
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that this do-, not
in any way affect stockholders who have made an in
itial payment on the balance of two cents per share, on
or before June 10th, 1918.
BT IT FURTHER RESOLVED that a copy of
these resolutions be published in prominent display for
ten consecutive days in the newspapers throughout the
State of Arizona.
BOARD OF DIRECTORS, UNITED CHINO OIL &
REFINING COMPANY.
(Signed) Geo. N. MacBean, Secretary.
ATTEST:
I (Signed) Geo. N. MacBean. Secretary.
(SEAL)
WILLAHS HEMS
F. L. Williams, local agent tor the
El Paso antl Southwestern, return, i
yesten'.ay from Chicago, wlure he w..
in attendance at the I. V. V. tnl at a
witness, iie retarne-1 dt r piy i:a;.:e
sed with thr; strength of the sover::
ment caie ag-inst t!K;.e eTi:e;
society.
"While there I heard rrcs.'niitiv
men from nearly every .; t it.u ol lli
couatry testify to almost -v -i v : p'- :-
of crime the I. W. W. hid oc-riniitt" 1
against law. order, society :u!ii im ius
try." declared Mr. Williams. '"Frui.l
this testimony it was plain .hat no
crime was too small or mo r-. t for
i . ,,,,.,.., f(, vf3r',;1
but was paroled out after b-
there
but a year.
Notice THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY MORNING, JUNE 4, 1918.
SEVEN
DAILY REVIEW WANT ADS
Advertisements under this head at the rate of 1 cent per word each Issue, with a minimum charge of 25 cents
Advertisements must reach The Review office not later than 8 p. m. for insertion In next morning s paper.
Male Help Wanted
WANTED Bookkeeper. Box C. V. B.,
Review. 933
WANTED Carpenter with tools. Ap
ply Tuesday. Celery Vig Bottling.
Co., Naco road. 9 4 )
WRITE TO "Y. M. C A. Schools, Los
Angeles," about Auto, Radio, Com
mercial and Engineering courses.
Traia lor service. 268
LEARN actual auto repairing, book
keeping, shorthand, .radio engineer
ing. Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation, Los Angeles. Catalog free.
230
r emale Help Wanted
D A young business woman
. . c-nd cigar and soft drink stand,
t,-jd pay. Orpheum Cigar Stand.
915
WANTED Girl to take care of two
small children during day. Apply
Lowell Bakery. 933
WANTED Woman lor mixed work.
Box 161. 8S2
WANTED Maid for general house
work. Apply phone 17. 750
WANTED Competent girl for gen
eral b i' tework. Phone green 853.
684
Male and FeinaleHelp Wanted
GOVERNMENT NEEDS 20,000
CLERKS at Washington. Examina
tions everywhere in June. Experi
ence unnecessary. Men and women
desiring government positions write
for free particulars to J. C. Leonard,
(former Civil Service Examiner.)
1025 Kcnois Bldg., Washington.
SS7
For Sale
FOR SALE Great sacrifice. Am
drafted and mufet sell my four-room
new house and furniture. J. Cragg
White. Opposite school house.
South Bisbee. 951
FOR SALE Parched corn for chick
ens. Orpheum Cigar Stand. 915
GOSSARD CORSETS FOR SALE
from $2.00 up. AH corsets fitted.
Inez Warburton, next Arizona Gro
cery, upper Main. Phone 841. 921
FOR SALE Ford car; cheap; phone
blue 588. 953
FOR SALE Modern house, six rooms.
Large lot, close in. Terms. Appiy
room 2, Lyric building. 032
FOR SALE Six room house, partly
furnished. Upper Lowell. Hogan &
Seed. 935
FOR SALE Sellers' Cabinet and Din
ing room set. Phone red 805. 844
FOR SALE OR TRADE 20 acres;
two wells, house, barn; for automo-
bile and cash. At Sheridan, Placer
county, Cal. Apply P. B., Review.
851
FOR SALE 4-room house and cabin;
camplettly furnished. Van Dyke St., I
Warren C. A. Brandt.
850 j
FOR SALE Two houses. 42-B, O. K.
street. 813
FOR SALE Ford touring car; cheap
Call or phone blue 588. 621
FOR SALE $60 Victrola, mahogany
case; bargain; party leaving town.
Phone Red 425. 911
FOR SALE 6-room house; furnished:
One year old. Tombstone canyon,
700.00 cash; balance easy terms.
Apply M. C. High. 704
FOR SA.'JS One five-room modern
bungalow at Warren. $2875.00;
terms. Box 3622, Lowell. 890
FOR SALE Wood and coal range
with hot water front; good condi
tion. fJS.00. Phone Red 810. 88'J
FOR SALE Seven-room house; in
Warren; furnished; all conveni
ences; close to car line and post
office. Frice $275. Address E. J.
Alexis, Lowell. 897
FOR SALE Ford five passenger tour
ing car. Apply Lyric Confectionery.
899
FOR SALE Fresh Jersey milk cow.
Apply Joe Diaz, behind Brophy Gar
age, Lowell. 912
PETEY DINK She'd Attract
i
Cr Om peaTmN f f wsDt tailed S" ivrs, out at " ' V"' ? That' s &?s?
So-r.KED ) I a Tiwic cop KzZB !43eAf ? xv ( mmah TVioocWT. )
i fir yfrn 1 I eic iM fti
"I"' r HAj . MA. ( "AFFIC ) if )M f kUOWTHA (74$ f HEVE. Mini
'AwW)i mimm pfic v;
-SmmmM i jsm mm fv iw i m j0
For Sale
FOR SALE 6-room, new house; com
pletely furnished; two lots, fruit
trees; yard fenced. A bargain. Co
chise. $500.00 cash; balance on very
easy payments. Apply to At. C. ijigh
867
jFOR SALE Large 4-room house; with
glass porcn; cement want around
house. 41 O. K. street. 746
FOR SALE Belgian Hares, Newzea
land reds, does and small rabbits.
C. E. Drullard, Naco Road. 642
RULED INDEX CARDS 5x3 Inches,
for sale at Review Job Department,
313
Furnished Rooms
FOR RENT Clean front room for
gentleman or lady. Close to high
school, 117 So. Hill. 92o
FOR RENT Pleasant front room. 46
Quality Hill. 870
FOR RENT Three furnished rooms.
Mrs. Grace Williams, Clawson Hill.
888
FOR RENT Bisbee Hotel. Furnished
rooms with running water. 352
MOOSE HOTEL Furnished rooms
(2.00 per week and up. 377
For Rent
FOR RENT Furnished cabin. New
Bropiiy Coal yard, Lowell. E. Erics
son. 847
FOR RENT 5-room house and furni
ture for sale. Inquire Busy Bee
Cafe, Brewery Gulch. 848
FOR RENT Three furnished house
keeping rooms. 17 Montana St.,
Johnson Addition. Inquire 23 lion
tana St. 852
FOR RENT 2 furnished housekeep
ing rooms; cheap to right party. In
quire upstairs 133, Opera Drive.
891
FOR RENT Three room furnished
flat. Maxwell Flats, Clawson Hill.
86G
FOR RENT Housekeeping rooms. Ap
ply at 115, Jiggerville. 913
FOR RENT Two furnished rooms for
housekeeping. No children. 218
High Road. Anna Murphy. 941
FOR RENT Terrace Rooming House,
O. K. St. Apply C. H. Hogan, be
low Copper Queen Hotel. 931
FOR RENT Two housekeeping
rooms. Broadway Rooming House.
Brewery Gulch. 929
FOR RENT Two furnished light
housekeeping rooms. 21 Curve St.,
east Loretto school. 928
FOR RENT Two nicely furnished
rooms. No. 12 Juggerville. 923 j
FOR RENT Clean, cozy, two and
three-room apartments. Also single
rooms. Three doors south of church
house. South Bisbee. 931
FOR RENT 4 room furnished house,
bath, garage, on level, Tombstone
Canyon. Box 2093.
91S
I FOR RENT 5-room furnished house.
Call at Ed. Harris. 36 Laundry Hill
or phone red 647. 952
I FOR RENT Two furnished hnuse-
! keeping Aoms; lights, water and
j gas. 120 Upper Lowell. 951 i
i
j FOR RENT Modern garage on paved j
road in W arren, to per month. Tel
ephone 836 or 3S3. 1919
FOR RENT 3 rooms furnished, John
son Ave., Johnson Addition. Phone
Green 696. 923
'FOR RENT Two rooms; furnished
j for housekeeping, to permanent ten
i nant. SI Jiggerville. No children.
854
FOR RENT 3-room, furnished house. !
237 School HilL 366
FOR RENT Two housekeeping rooms
furnished. L'rper Lowell. 863
FOR RENT 3-rooms ; furnished; '
lights and water. 224 Brophy Ave. '
846
. 1
FOR RENT Fine house; with garage.
No children. Box 1946, Bisbee. 825
FOR RENT Two furnished rooms
and cabin. No. 9 Jiggerville. t39
a Crowd in the Middle of the
For Rent
j FOR KENT Furnished; two 2 room
i apartments. Apply Hayes House,
j Tombstone Canyon. 840
FOR RENT Four rooms; furnished;
inquire 73 Jiggerville. 806
, FOR RENT Two housekeeping rooms
I 49 O K. street. 749
FOR RENT Housekeeping rooms;
also good place for bachelors. 56
Upper Lowell, across from Depot, j
8S3 j
FOR RENT Newly papered three-1
room house. 90 Chicago avenue. I
880
FOR RENT Furnished house or fur-1
niture for sale and house for rent;
newly repaired house beside C. & A.
Hospital. A. F. Louden. S38
FOR RENT 3-room furnished house. I
No. 3, Quality Hill. No children. :
902
FOR RENT Two rooms; furnished
for housekeeping. No children. 23
Montana St., Johnson Addition. 652
FOR RENT Nine room house; close i
in. Apply Collins and Bretherton.
656
FOR PJ3NT Two story building, with
lairo basement, suitable for whole
sale bouse or storage and warehouse
business. In center of Bisbee busi
ness district. Rent reasonable. Ap
ply Bisbee Daily Review. 642
FOR RENT 3-room furnished house;
also new, 3-room unfurnished house.
Mrs. Wlnwood, Winwood Addition.
720
FOR RENT Furnished housekeeping
rooms, 41 Johnson Add., Cement
house. 551
Wanted
WANTED To rent furnished house
with garage. No children. Box 1946,
Bisbee. 930
WANTED Second hand roll top desk.
Phone 379. 938
OLD CLOTHES bought. Phone 739.
585
Lost
LOST Friday; pocket book, contain
ing $15 in bills., card R. Avila. Re
turn to Review. Reward. 927
Agents
WANTED Live agents whole or part
time to handle a proposition backed
by banks and men of national re
putation. Have men making 3500
to $700 monthly. No capital required.
413 National Bank of Arizona Build
ing. Phoenix. 881
Money to Loan
350,000 TO LOAN an Improved city
property or for building, on easy
terms of payment. T. A. Hughes,
over Bank of Bisbee. 26
SMALL quick loans on your personal
noto to salaried men and women, al
so on furniture. Cox Loan Co. Room
2, Lyric Theatre building. 166
Miscellaneous
NOTICE The parties who got the
monogramed gold watch, and in
itialed watch fob, and stick pin from
man last Tuesday night, are known.
Return to Review office and save
serious trouble. 955
NOTICE M. Prieto will give Spanish
lessons, beginning the 3rd of June.
A class will he held each day. Good
attention and plenty of time. Call
at 59 Naco Road. 916
RAMSEY CANYON Big Dante. June
8, litis. Good music and good time
assured. Everybody invited.
SEED Choice, re-cleaned, dwarf Milo
maize, feterita and orange cane, also
clean chicken feed. Call at the Bis
bee Mill, back of Tombstone Can
yon fire house, for inspection and
prices.
INDEPENDENT
Contractor and Builder
Estimates and Plans Furnished
Wm. McDOUGALL
OPPOSITE LINCOLN SCHOOL
PHONE GREEN 728
Sahara Desert.
i
DRAFT BOARD CALLS
ON LIMITED SERVICE
MEN TO ENROLL NOW
Word has just been received by Riy
B. Krebs, secretary of local board that
the military aeronautics branch is in
need of certain skilled men. Men
qualified for special or limited military
service only will be accepted under
this call. Men qualified for general
military service are not desired for
this service.
Repeated requests have been re
ceived at his office for an opportunity
for limited service men to enter the
service. These men will be engaged in
spruce production work for aero
planes, which is interesting and help-;
ful work and if properly presented
should appeal strongly to qualified
registrants. The following types of
men are desired: Locomotive engi
neers firemen, railroad grade foren.en,
railroad track foremen, wooden bridge
carpenters, locomotive repair men,
telephone linemen, surveyors or rail
road instrument men, telegraphers,
draftsmen, piledriver foremen, station
ary engineers for donkey engines,
steamshovel operators, carpenters,
steam fitters, electricians, auto me
chanics, auto drivers, cooks, clerks,
railroad brakemen, railroad conductors .
and a large number of laborers j
"We wish to give the widest pal- '
licity to this matter, using tne '"Na
tion's want column" method, which
was recently so successful, and urge
technically qualified registrants to
present themselves to the local board
for listing." said Mr. Krebbs yesterday.
If a sufficient number of volunteers
are not secured involuntary induction
will be used.
Registrants are not to be induced
until orders are received, as :o allot
ments and that only white limited
service men are to be considered.
CAPITAL BUSY SAYS !
- EGAN ON RETURNING
Phoenix is cue of tho busiest cities '
lie has seen in many a day and affairs
at the state house are as warm as
they have been in the past several
ears, according to Thomas A. Egan,
si cretary of the Warren District Com
piercial club, who returned Sunday ,:
from a several day's visit in Ihe SaU
River valley. Whfle in Phoenix. Etjan ;
visited for a brief time with ti'.nst a
the Cochise county delegation in the j
state legislature. !
In the halls of the state house and ;
In the lobbies of the b -teis ti'iout all '
the talk heard is o' the sessions of
the legislature, of the possiMo candi
dates this fail, and of ihe possible
outcome of the legislative session?,
says Egan. Politics are humming nowi
if they ever were, and the opinion of j
the novice at the game seems about i
as weighty as the opinion of tnc old
tirier, ?o mucl'.ec is the stat5 situ-1
tion. I
Pl.oenix itself is healthy and busy, 1
says Egau, and is beginning to take ;
on the summer heat. Riverside park:
is the coolest spot In the valley, and ;
on Saturday night was crowded to j
hear the Arizona military band from
Phoenix in a special concert. j
DISTRICT RESIDENTS
JOIN NAVAL BRANCH
Enlistments of the local naval re
cruiting station for the past several
days have included the names of many
men from this district, who have en
tered one or another of the branches
in naval service open now to enlist-
; mcnt. Among those who have left
j the district in the past week for naval
stations through enlistment in the lo
cal station, are:
Harry Thomas, ship's cook.
Joseph Hayden Wilson, machinist.
Floyd Shelton Manning, machinist.
Frank Leonard Craig, ship's fitter.
Frederick A. Jenseri, carpenter.
Joe Pat Higgins, fireman.
Lorin Fuller, fireman.
Francis Willard Stone, machinist. " (
Heber Joseph Crawrnrd. fireman '
V. M. Crawford, fireman.
Seth Luther Marvin, pipe fitter.
Claud Flyun Klutts, electrician.
William Ccmo, fireman.
I Thomas Daugherty, fireman.
Wallace Charles Bubeau. r.eanian.
William Joseph Payne, hasp, app
James Arthur Williams, hasp. app.
The Chino Valley and the Home Oil
companies at Jerome are spudding in
wells.
Political
Announcements
FOR SHERIFF
I hereby announce mysert as a can
didate ".or the nomination for the office
of Sheriff of Cochise comity, subject
to the will of the voters at the demo
cratic primary to be held on Septem
ber 10, 1918.
C. E. CROSS.
FOR TREASURER
I hereoy announce myself as a can
didate for the nomination for the of
fice of Treasurer of Cochise county,
subject to the will of the voters at the
democratic primary to be hold on
September 10, 1918.
GUV C. WE!,C!I.
WJIh afaavs vresenLfe
; now possible for etc
" U.i woman through use of
MARINELLO
Phantom Powder
Immediately gives skin appear
ance of beauty then rfn.'.'v
beautifies it. Unrivali-d bcatitv bui j :r
for face, neck and hands. Dnesn'trub
orwalioff. Splendid io' evening rr.j'.e
up. Your minor will prove iis ivtrn.
McDonald's Marinello
Shop Phone 305
Mill mi m il"
GOLDEN HOTEL
Every room with running water
and outside windows.
Rates by the day, week or
month.
Richard Glaze, Oph. D.N.D.
Practice Limited to Eye and Nerve
Disorders.
Phone 156. Office and residence
first house west of Masonic Temple,
Main Street, Bisbee, Arizona.
Glasses fitted by the latest methods.
BISBEE TRANSFER,
STORAGE & COAL CO.
Warehouse & Office Opposite Depot
PHONES 640 and 50.
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Solicit Your
Patronage
PHONE 58
JOHN G. WILSON
Contractor
and Builder
ESTIMATES FURNISHED ON
ALL CLASSES OF BUILINGS
SEE ME LAST Phone Green 782
7 ' V. "
1,
HERBtrtT GRIBSLE PHONE 691
HENNESSY
Undertaking Parlors
PHONE 15. O K ST.
CHICHESTER S PILLS
llrnrrl-t- A.k f" II 1 J II KS.TFR
ant
IMA MONO I1KIM Cll.l ,.
yexnknownlsBet.Satit.Alwt.vsRei:iMa i
SOiaoYMLGGISTSEVEimVHDJE
aft
& a camDtexitm fi. ! 1
I.a4lrI A.k j.r unuw i
lil-rfc-trr IHmki S HrmadV
fill la Ur4 ml tioU mnilLicW
t"irs, gelid wita pine kttlioe.
Tak ather. But af Tani "
LODGE NOTICES
Cards of every 'fraternal order In the Warren District; giving the essential
fa:ts of each, their meeting nights, th-jir. officers and the place of gather
ing will be found under their respective headings In these columns.
CALEDONIAN SOCIETY
meets first and third Thursdays of
each month in. Methodist liall. School
Hill. Natives and descendants of
ScotlanJ cordially invited.
THOS. MAUT.
President, box 136.
M. MAINLAND.
Secretary.
j BISBEE LODGE, NO. 718.
j L. O. O. M.
; Meets every Friday nignt. Moose Hall
Visiting Drothers cordially Invited.
I R. R. GLEASON, Director.
I KAY ROSS, Secretary.
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA.
DREADN AUGHT.
L. O. L- NO. 210.
meets In L O.
O. F. Hall first
-J a -J ana uira
'-" TO MONDAY St
7:30 p. m.
litlng broth-
cordially
invitfcd to at
tend.
Win. T. SMITHAN, W. M.
ROBERT FERGUS, Secretary
! P. O. Box 436, Bisbee.
BROTHERHOOD OF AMERICAN
YEOMAN
Richard I, Homestead 895, meets
second and fourth Tuesday at Odd
Follows' hall. Visiting Archers are
cordially invitee.
MRS. C C. FINLAYSON, Foreman
P. C. Box 1526.
E. D. STINSON, Correspondent.
Box 149G.
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD.
o. Lowell Camp No. 46 will
meet every Wednesday
at 7:30, Bropby NalL
K. C. SAXtiV. C. C;
O. B. THOMAS, Clem.
All Woodmen invited.
1 PYTHIAN SISTERS
Lily Temple No. 3 meeu every 2nd
and 4th Thursday evening of each
month at Odd Fellows Hail. Visiting
sisters are cordially invited.
MINNIE BLUM, M. K. C.
Phone Black 851.
IDA GLAZE, M. ol R. C.
Box 1475
IN IMt SUPthlOKCOUHT
IN TliK COUNTY OF COCHISE,
STATU OF ARIZONA.
In the .Matter of tuo Estate and
Guardianship of ANNA AND ROY
iNOKTUN, M.nors.
On reauing ana filing the petition of
Mrs. VV. K 1 orK, nee Uustmbark, the
guardian of the persons una estates oi
Anna and Roy Morton, Minors, pray
ing for an uruor cl sale ot certain real
estate belonging to said wards for the
purposes therein pet forth;
IT IS HLIKEUY ORDERED. That
the next of km ot the said-wards and
all persons interested in the said es
tate, appear before this Court on Sal
uruay, lire lath aly of June, 1318, at
io:ou o clock A. M., at the Court Room
of this Court, at the City of Tomb
stone, in the said County ot Cochise,
then and there to show cause why an
oracr should not be granted for the
sale ot t.ucu estate.
AND THIS IS TO FURTHER OR
DER, That a copy of this ord'er be pub
lished at least three (3) successive
weeks before the said day of hearing
in the Bisbee Daily Review, a news
paper printed and published in said
County of Cochise.
Dated May 4, laiS.
ALFRED C. LOCKWOOD,
Judge of the Superior Court.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Uepartment of The Interior
U. S. I-and ui:i'-e at Phoeuix, Arizona,
April 27. I'll.:.
NOTICE is hereby given that
Charles A. Martin, ot Hereford, Ari
zona, who, on June 5. 1915, made
Homestead Entry, No. 027365, for Lots
3 and 4. E'i SW'Vi, Section 31, Town
ship 23-S, Range 23-E. G & S R B &
Meridian, has bk'd notice of Intention
to make Three Year Prooi, to estab
lish claim to the land above described,
before Jared D. Taylor, U.. S. Citu
liiissioner. at liiabee. Arizona, on the
4th day of June,.191S.
Claimant names as witnesses: Jo
seph Hammer, Frederick J. Murrell,
Jacob C. linker, George J. McCa.be,
all of Hereiord, Arizona.
JOHN L. IRVIN,
First publication 5-4. '
Last publication. 6 4.
i
I
i
mYJ- & m en
T" liurW
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED AMERt
CAN MECHANICS.
Meets In MedlgovlO
Hall every Tuesday
night. Visiting brothers
welcome.
S. F. BENTON, Councillor.
J. L. BENTON, Recording Secretar.
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS.
j"V nttihnnA T fA era 7n 1(1
Knights of Pythias,
meets each Thursday
"t - it Jf (except second) In Oda
r
Xs .9
Fellows' Hail at 7:3
p. m. Visiting brother
cordially invited.
... 9
LEON H. RICE. C. a
EARL SOBLEY, K. of R.
FRATERNAL ORDER OF EAGLES,
i Bisbee Aerie, No. 17S, F. O. meet
j first and third TUESDAYS. 8 p. rs
Eagle Halt Visitors cordially wef
come.
J. F. WILMOTH. President
F. C. FENDERSON, Secretary.
C. L. EDMONDSON, Aerie Phyeicia
LODGE NO. 671.
Regular meeting first and third Fri
day of each month Visiting brothers
cordially invited to attend.
JA3. ALLISON. Exalted Ruler.
R. J. KELLY. Secretary.
KNIGHTS AND LADIES OF SECURI
TY, BISBEE COUNCIL NO. 2115.
Meets every second and fourth Sat
urdays In the month at L O. O. F.
Hail. 7:30 p. to. Visiting members are
cordlaliy invited.
ARNOLD SCHMID, President.
P. O. Box 3483. Lowell. Aria
FREDERICK J. ATTAWAY.
Secretary, Lowell
E. LINDQUIST, Financial Secretary.
P. O. Box 3246. Lowell.
BISBEE LODGE, NO. 10, I. O. O. F
meets erer)
WEDNESDAY
evening at Odd
Fellow' Hall,
Main street, at 7:30 o'clock. Visitir
brothers cordially Invited to attead.
Hall phone ll9.
H. R. TAYLOR, N. G.
CARL V. NELSON. Secretary.
OROEH OF EASTERN STAR.
meets In Masonic Hai
I'eail Chapter, No. (, meeu
In Masonic Hall second an .
fourth Tuesday ot etc
month at 7: SO p. m.
MRS. EMMA WOODS. W. M.
Phone 161. Box 43. Bisbee.
MRS. JESSIE BEVAN, Sec'y. P. O.
Box 2299, Chairman Relief Com.,
Phone 1GL
WEEK ENDING JUNE 8, 1918.
Mox:da
Thursday Blue T.eg.
W. W. GIDLEY. W. M.
B. T. W ATKINS, Secy. F. fc A. M.
S. W. TOLAND. E. H. P.
C. F. PH1LBROOK. T. L M.
F. E. BENNETT. E. C.
F. S. DAVENPORT. Secretary Chap
ter and Commandery.
W. R. BANKS, Secretary CouncD.
FRATERNAL.
BROTHERHOOD
T. F. B.
Bisbee Lodge No.
m 4a2 meets tne 1st
ot each month at
7:30 at Medigo
vlch HalL Visit
ing members cordially invited.
B. F. MOSS. President .
. MRS. C. E. FINOTT1, Treasurer.
Box 722. Tel. 236, Red.
IIONORA MUNCH. Secretary. -Boa
162L
MODERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA.
Bisbee Camp No. 13415.
Meets first Tuesday at
Odd Fellows' Hall.
R. L. MOTZ. Consul.
H. F. MATHEWSON.
Clrk.
By C. A. VOIGHT EIGHT
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW. TUESDAY MORNING, JUNE 4, 1918.
r
AGLE THE AT
e"r
TODAY
CONTINUOUS 1 TO 11
-TODAY
mtmt i hiiwwiwm'ii nuiin m
N
. 1
SELECT PICTURES PRESENT
orma Tal, HIS.
IN THE SEVEN-ACT MELODRAMA
"m Secret 2 1 storm Country
NOOMA TALMADGE
Vb SECRET- STORrt COUNTRY
SEQUEL TO TESS OF THE STORM COUNTRY
From the Novel By Grace Miller White .
HERALDED AS ONE OF THE BIG HITS OF THE YEAR
L.VRIC THEATER
TODAY
TODAY
BLUEBIRD PRESENTS CARMEL MYERS IN
"THE GIRL IN THE DARK"
In Five Parts
W. H. PRODUCTION COMPANY PRESENTS. ;
WM. H. HART In "TAMING THE FOUR FLUSHER"
In Two Parts '
THE PATRIOTIC SERIAL
"A DAUGHTER OF UNCLE SAM"
Episode No. 12
MUTT AND JEFF
CURRENT EVENTS NEWS OF THE WORLD IN MOTION PICTURES
In This Picture Miss Talmadge Combines Pathos and Humor, Deep Emotions and the Joy of Living. Her Interpre
tation of the Little Squatter Girl Is the Finest Thing She Has Ever Done.
1
ADMISSION: MATINEE, CHILDREN, 10c; ADULTS, 15c
NIGHT, CHILDREN, 10c; ADULTS, 25c
Theda Bara
COMING THURSDAY
In the Fox Super Picture
One of the Greatest Portray
als of Her Entire Career.
"CAMILLE"
Y. M. C. A. FACES
I
SERIOUS
ii
PROUD
Orpheum Theatre
CONTINUOUS FROM 1 TO 11 ,
WHAT A MAN WILL DO FOR THE
LOVE OF A GIRL
IS TOLD IN
"Under Suspicion"
A FIVE ACT METRO SCREEN DRAMA OF
ADVENTURE AND ROMANCE,
STARRING
Francis X. Bushman
and Beverly
Admission: Matinee, 10c
ayne
Night, 10c and 15c
City Briefs
Has anyone visited you? Or
t have you entertained? If so, call
The Review after 6 p. m. and tell
'. the Society Editor, phone 39.
THROUGH TO DOUGLAS.
Allyan B. Janes, of the Tucson Cit
izen, was a passenger through Osbom
last evening on his way to Douglas.
I father of Warren for their donation of
! two dozen pasties and to Mr. It. J.
' Hart o Lowell for bis donation of
' fifty pounds ofsugar.
' FROM THE U. OF A.
Katherine McKean and Ruth Camp
. bell are home the University of Ari
j zona where they have been attending
j college for the past two yeas. The
: young ladies are alumnae of the B.
, H. S. of the class of 191.
PARENT-TEACHERS' MEET.
The Parent-Teachers' association of
tiie Lincoln school will meet at the
school today. All parents are urged to
attend.
; MEETING.
i The Parent-Teacher' association, of
' Lincoln school will hold their regular
meeting Tuesday evening, June 4. A
I large attendance is urged as a very
. interesting program has been arranged
and there is business of importance
j to be discussad. Miss Vinmie Macek
i will conduct the story hour for the
i children..
HERE ON VISIT.
Mrs. J. Thorson of Detroit, Mich.,
is in the city to spend the summer
mcnth3 and is the guest of Mrs.
Charles Joy of Clawson Hill.
WAS FINED $15.
F. II. Morales was fined $15 in
Judge High's court yesterday on a
charge of speeding. He was arrestej
by Motor Deputy Jack. Ryan.
i viol i inu oioicn.
Miss Lora Davis of Winklenian,
Arizona, is in the city for a few weeks
.in a visit to her sister, Mrs. J. C.
White, of O K street.
DOING NICELY.
j Miss Ida Ruggles, the Douglas school
j teacher, who was recently operated
on at a local hospital for an attack or
appendicitis, is reported as doing
nicely.
f Second Day of the Big Sale of
mmwiis ujais, ours, messes
and Undermuslins
rf ' ft
nN . . , . ,
Our force of salespeople was inadequate to attend to
the hundreds of customers that thronged our second
floor yesterday.
The big response to our Sunday advertisement in
regard 10 this big event was more than appreciated,
therefore we have made preparations to meet as large a
demand today.
Come early while the selection is still good. Mer
chandise and prices to meet the demands of the most
thrifty.
WAS IN DOUGLAS.
Ex-Governor Tom Campbell was in
Douglas last evening on a business
trip and is expected to pay a visit to
the Warren district before he returns
to the northern part of the state.
AS NAVAL STUDENT.
Wililam Sims, son of TJr. W. P. Sims
and wife, left yesterday for AnapolH.
j where he goes as an Arizona rcpresen
j tativo in that institution, to take th.i
j course of training thpre.
ON VISIT.
Miles Merrill and family have gone
to the Gila River where they will
spend a few weeks on a visit with
relatives. They went by auto via St.
Davis where thev spent Sunday with
Mrs. John Merrill.
PROMINENT VISITOR.
J. X. McNair, comptroller of the
Phelps Dodge Corporation, with head
quarters in New York City, spent last
week in Arizona on his annual tour
of inspection of the corporation prop
erties. In company with A. T. Thom
son, assistant to the president. He
drove over Saturday from Douglas and
spent the day in the Warren district,
going over the surface workings of the
Copper Queen mining properties here.
I (By Review Iasf-d Wire)
j NEW YORK. June 3. Losses inci
dental to tne derman push on tne
western front have made it imperative
that more than Jluo.ooo.U-" be su!
scribed during the coming campaign
for funds with which to maintain Y.
M. C. A. war service activities at home ;
and overseas, the annual meeting of :
the association's war council was told
here today by Dr. John R. Mott, gen
oral secretary, who returned recently
from France.
The association appropriated a half
million dollars with the eighty-nine
huts and dugouts lost by the" British
in Flanders and Picardy during the re-j
cent Hun drive. Within the last week '
more than 200 of these recreation j
centers back of the French lines have j
fallen into enemy hands. Dr. Mott de-,
clared. These also must be replaced. i
Securing an adequate supply of "man
power" is a matter as vital to the asso- j
tiation's work as a well supplied treas- j
ury, the secretary said. It is planned j
that expansion of the association's j
work may be kept apace with the d e
velopments of the array and navy, and
to do this it will be necessary to trans
port overseas by September 4,000 addi
tional workers, l.GOu of whom should
be women, he added. Enough men will
be recruited eventually, it is hoped, to
allot one secretary to each 3o fight
ing men. Dr. Mott stated. Workers
nmr are heine- enrolled at the rate of'
, n .in. ' Beverly
i.UUU JIJUIIIUIJ.
Central Theatre
TODAY-
COMMENCING 6:30
TODAY
METRO PICTURES CORPORATION PRESENTS
Ethel Barrymore
In the Five Act Drama
"The Eternal Mother"
Adapted From Sidney McCall's Novel "Red Horse Hill'
ADMISSION: CHILDREN, 15c
ADULTS, 25c
ALUMNI TO DANCE. 1
Invitations are out for an alumni
dance to be held Friday night, the
7th. at the Bisbee high school audi
torium. The committees in charge
promise a very delightful affair. All
the profits from the alumni dances go
to the alumni olan fund thatWias been
so valuable in educating manv of the
members who would not otherwise
have been able to attend higher insti
tutions of learning.
ON EASTERN TRIP.
E. E. Crawford and wife left yes'.er
day for New York where they will
visit with relatives. Mr. Crawford will
return in a few weeks but Mrs. Craw
ford will remain for a few months. Mr.
Crawford is in the employ of the
Phelps Dodge store.
VISITING IN DISTRICT.
Mrs. Parker Woodman and two son3.
Spencer and Thomas, are spending a
few weeks in the district on a visit
to friends and relatives. They former
ly lived here when Mr. Woodman was
in the employ of the Copper Queen
company. They have many friends
here who are glad to welcome them
back. They will enjoy the cool weath
er here in comparison to that they
have had in Phoenix the past week.
BACK TO DOUGLAS.
N A. Patterson was in the city yes
terday on his way back to Douglas
from Tombstone where he has been
serving as a trial juror in the superior
court for the past two weeks. He has
completed his service. He was one
nf the nanel that tried Roy Hearne of
; Willcox for murder and which resulted
in a verdict of not guilty.
FOR TOMBSTONE.
i Policeman Hill Ruff. City Police
i Judge Frank Thomas, and Deputy
I Sheriff A. W. Howe, left for Tombstone
j this morning where they go as wit
nesses In the superior court in the
case of the State vs. Bryant, a colored
I ninn of this city, who is charged with
j transporting intoxicating liquors.
RED CROSS.
The girls of the Red Cross wer
very successful with their sales at
Warren park Saturday. May the ISth.
They especially wish to express their
appreciation to Miss Sanders and her
WAS GIVEN TWO YEARS.
W. F. Walker, better known as
"Willie Walker," who has been in the
limelicht for a number of times and
who has alresdy served one term in
the countv jail for transporting intoxicating-
liquors, was yesterday sen
tenced to serve a term of two years
nt hard labor and to pay a fine -:.f
$300 and on another charee was given
a two-year suspended sentence. He
was convicted recently of selling whis
key at his joint on the Johnson Addition.
MONKEY PERFORMS IN
METRO ORPHEUM BILL
Business Locals
Art Beauty Parlors open; New Art
Store, Main street, phone 545. Adv.
F. W. Dannelley.
In "Under Suspicion," a Metro pic
ture starring Francis X. Bushman and ; hauling ind. gravel, dirt a
t i .. it none rM sis
Da v lit , niiii.il m iut: auiaL'
tion at the popular Orpheum theater
today, a monkey plays an important
brick contractor:
specialty.
628
TWO HOUR DAY AND
t nr tr irm tt bit in the development of the story.
$6, I. W. W. DEMAND , Thj9 monk h ,.Peppekin .. to the t
. of Mrs. Alice Woolworth (played by i
Eva Gordon), whose valuable jewel j
are stolen, and around which incident
1 of tht story much of the actcion re
volves. The monkey pulls a button off
Watch for the opening day of tb
Sycamore Grove Dance Pavillion; six
miles over the Divide. Adv.
(Continue from Page One)
In
wood to Don Sheridan at Spokano,
which Haywood said:
"We are crowding on team this year.
We want to get a real start before the
authorities begin to put their clamis
on us. When we have every other in
dustry as well organized as the lum
ber workers of western Washington
and Idaho then we won't care what
the law-makers do. If we make tha
wheels go round the ship of slate will
be sailing to our breeze
Box 150.
SIGNS
C. J. BRANDT
rhone i
DANCE.
C. & A. Band Dance. Warren Park.
'Wednesday and Saturday. Admmla-
Ladies free. Adr. 740
the coat of Gerry Simpson (Francis X.
Bushman) and thus seems to implicate 'sion F0 cenfa.
him in t" creat robberv.
The r.ionkey proved a very "tempers- KNOW THY SELF
mental" player and Miss Gordon, play-1 Worta thousands of dollars to under-
ing Mrs. Alice Woolworth, had her j stand thy S'fU and tatents. Get a
troubles with him. She and the mon- 'reading rr life chart from Mrs. Lump-
; key played in scenes in Alice's boudoir ; kin. Lisht on any subject by clalrvoy-
Tliat the I. W. W. did not want the. and everything started out well. Then iance. If sick, a free diognosia. It in
American flag displayed in any of their . the monkey became obstinate a,l Miss (trouble best advice. Locates mineral,
headquarters w-as disclosed by a letter, Miss Cordon, who has lived in Singa- First house south of bridge between
written by J. Ratti to Don Sheridan. pore, where she owned monkeys, tried Johnson .Addition and LowelL Adv.
I am up against a tough proposi-
! tion and was to get enlightened a lit-
,1a Kit A n-rrtra Plttl Tha 1 W
llC Ull Ull 11, ....i... .... .. .
in town
AS BOARD OF EQUALIZATION.
The board of sunervisors will sit as
a board of equalization for the next
six days. Beginning at 9 o'clock this
morning sessions will be held until and
inrltidine June 10. During this period
taxnaying nnblic will have the oooor
tunity to file complaints against their
assessments if they desire. It is only
nt this time that adjustments can be
made in assessments. The tax books
are ooen for inspection during this
period. The county budget and county
tax rate will not be drawn until after
the rolls are returned from the state
tax commission which will sit as a
board of equalization for final action.
BOY SCOUTS MEET.
I.ast night the Boy Scouts of Troop
No. 2 met at scout headquarters for
their regular weekly meeting. The
scouts are growing continually nnd
since the war they have become a
really important1 part of our national
life. There are two troons in Bisbee
and at the present rate that the boys
are joining it will be only a matter of
time before there will be several more
troops in the district. Almost every
one realizes the splendid work the
scouts are doing in building the char
acter of the next generation of cit
izens and it is to be honed that all
the boys in Bisbee will eventually
line un with the organization whose
motto is "Be Prepared."
1 all the tricks at her disposal to pacify
him. but to no avail. eBfore the de
sired scenes were securd both Mi-s
Gordon and Dirctor Davis received sev
eral scratches and bites.
Dr. James Douglas
W. hall is the only place
without a display or the flag, a symbol
which means slavery and upholding it.
"The last two night an American
flae was nailed in front of the door
and naturally it was taken down. I
am sianuiug pui anu win nui iiy i
flag of any one nation as we are in-T JYfl ft PY fill ?!
ternational in scope." IUUICI WMOtl L I
In reply Sheridan wrote:
Avoid Rumpus
"About the flag, rather than have a
rumpus, it will be better to let it stick.
I woud rather you kept it down
though."
The number of defendants on trial
was reduced to 110 today when Judge
Landis, at the request of the govern
ment, dismissed the cases against
Stanley Demlcki, who says that before
icining the I. W. W. he was employed
as a chauffeur by Count Von Berns
torff. former German ambassador to
the United States and J. J. Keenan.
formerly a sergeant in the British
army for nine years.
ROCKH ILL'S STAGE
Bisbee-Tombstone, Leave B la bee
Bta bee Anto Co., 7 s m 1:30 p. m. 7
Phone Bisbee S. Adv.
NOTICE
Sealed bids will be received for ti
completion of the basement cf thi
Gleeson school house up to 1 p. n .
May 31st, 1318. K certl'-ti! check cf .i
per cent in amount of bi t shall acrvm-
i pany sa ne. Plans and rpeiilicstions
I can be bad by calling upon John E.
Later advices from New York con-! Penberthy. Gleeson. A: won. l
cerning the condition of Dr. James ,
Douglas, reported last week as danger- j Dr. Piayfatr, Osteopath. SS Mason
ously ill. are to the effect that the Hill. Mason car stop. Phone Bine M7.
distinguished patient has shown no i n-: Adv. 231
provement In fact, his condition 's j ,
worse, if anyhing. than tt was a few i Expert paper hanger acd paln'er. C.
days ago. Dr. Douglas Is over eighty ; j. Brandt. Phone 456. Box 150. 5S0
years old. Many old friends and ad-
mirers of this noted pioneer of the .
southwest have called at the Review
office, either by telephone or in person :
to inquire anxiously as to his condi- '
tion since the article of last week an- :
MATERNITY HOME.
Call Black 573 for terms, etc.
Advertisement 974
nounced his serious
CHANGES ARE MADE
IN ROAD OFFICIALS
The boaVd of supervisors in Tomb
stone yesterday accepted the registra
tion of J. C. Ryan as county engineer
and appointed in his stead L. E. Baker,
who has been Mr. Ryan's assistant for
some time. Mr. Ryan resigned to be
come engineer for the Cochise county
highway commix don and will have his
hands full In attending to the work
that has been planned by that body, i
The bids for the grading of the road
between here and Douglas are now be- j
ing advertised for and will be open on j
the 22nd. The plans for the paving I
are being looked into and there Is a i
vast amount of work ahead of him.
The office of the county engineer
will be moved from this county to the i
county seat, while the office ot the I
Highway commission will be main
tained in this city. Mr. Bnker hai
Deen in mn engineer ouice lur buiiic
time and was one of the envlnoers
engaged in the construction of the
state road between here and Tomb
stone down the canyon. He is regard
ed as one of the most efficient road
building engineers in the state. Co
chise county is Indeed fortunate In
having two such good road men in
charge of the construction of its road
and highways as are "Dick" Ryan and
K. C. Baker.
' A fa'nlly of four, whose cges tntn:
311 yeirs. supports itself comfortably
on ton acres of ground In Coshocton
county, Ohio.
The operating conditions in the cop
per indwtry throughout Arizona are
in better general form than since a
year ago.
illness.
L. L. Gilman sells th New F.dlson.
1 "the phonograph with a souL"
Political
Announcements
The rates for political announcements in the Bisbee
Review have been increased, along with all other classes
of advertising. Of course this is necessary, owing to
changed industrial and commercial conditions. Candi
dates for state office will be charged $20 for formal an
nouncement card to run during the primary campaign;
county candidates, $15, and precinct candidates, $10.
All special announcements or statements will be charged
for at 35 cents per inch for display and 1 5 cents per line
for readers.