If
WEATHER.
ARIZONA: Tuesdav
nnd Wednesday part'j
cloudy.
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service.
, VOL. 20, No. 230.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY MORNING, MARCH 5, 1918.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
' j"
nicJi uuui
5
1
V
CASUALTIES If)
FR1CE0 LISTED
BY WASH NGTON
General Pershing Reports
Names of Those Killed in
Action With German Raid
ing Forces.
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON Mar. 4. General
Pershing reported to the war depart
Kent today the n-nnes of one lieuten
ant end nine privates killed in action,
of a captain, a lieutenant and eleven
men severely wouuded and ten men
slightly wounded, ill on March I, the
day of a German assault or.'an Ameri
can trench sect-jr. The name oi a
lieutenant and four men killed the
same day previously has been receiv
ed. The dead are
First Lieutenant Stewart W. Hoover
infai.try, Elackfoot. lilt. bo.
Privates:
Russell A. Murr, Napa. Calif.
Chris Busch. N;pa. Calif.
William Farr, M ian. Pa.
Fred Gard. friend Hans T. Larson,
Crcsliy. N. D.
Edward H. McXIty. St. Louis, Mo.
Mathews V. Sou -a, Sato, Azores Is
lands Claud W. KellT Glcnburn. N. D.
Lloyd S. Miller, Commerce, Mo.
Frank Midak. Uinot, X. D.
Corporal Hornet J. Wheaton, Syra
cuse N. Y. and Private Lawrence A.
Lacasse, Wobun;. Mass, were killed
February 27.
Phivate Alfred Ainnnziata, Brook-
lyn, has died of wounds received on j
March 1.
Captain John !. Von
,. . , i
Holtzendorf.
field artillery, Br laswick, Ga., and
? T;Vr.ZL 2d"e':
K " "" 7 a ,k.
vaLawere severely wounded on that '
day:
' vVUliam RichteT. Chicago. J
John L. Bray, Diuin, Ky.
Wiiiiam F. WoauM'ouFe, Conway, Ark
Jacob T. Lemmt ns, Newark. N. Y.
Warren M. Bowen, Morri3town, Ca. i
Kennard Hill. Bates, Ark.
Deuietnc G. Hatzidakis, San Fran
cisco.
Will C. L. Romine, Silva. N. D.
Theodore Wong, Sanibh, N. D.
lltl 0e:c5raonsviIie. Tenn
The slightly wounded were:
Corporal Thomas J. McCabe, Brook-
lvn ard Privates I
' Sheliie Moxley.'Laurel Springs, N. C -
Bruno Crban. St. Louis. Mo
Willim A Kenna Arance V Y
W :rertw:urn.AJouucU bTove.
Kansas -
Oscar P. Flasterer. St. Louis. Mo. j
Carl Larson, Raia Bonholm. Den-H
enry Kins't. St. Charles. I1L
Corporal Arthur C. Trayer of Free-;
port, N. Y.. and r'rivate John Lyons
of Cedar Hurst, N. Y were severely
wounded Februarv' 21 and Corporal ! V?
P.otert A. Eddie and Private Henry j, 10 Predent .ison Foreign Sec
.i u-nii..f.wi '. i,v..i 'retary Balfour sa-.d: "President Wil-
l.'.p. nt Willinfnv V oliVhllv !
i.v -
General Pershirr; also reported that
Private Cecil D. McHenry of George-
town, Texas, died of punsbot wounds
rM.lrnt Xtar-h 1 PrHvute Wallaee
Hatchard of Columbia Falls. Mont, 1
died March 3 of "traumatism by fire j
arms.
CARDS RELEASE LONG.
(By Review Leased Wire)
ST. LOOS, Mj, March 4. The re
lease of Tcmmy Lcng, outfielder last
season with the St luis Nationals
iu cmuu v-'uu w i
coast F?apue ias announced tonight
by Manager Jack Hendricks
Manager Fielder Jones of the St.
Louis Amencsns arrived here today
from lortland. Ore., and announced,
his entire squad of players will start j
for the sprine training camp at Shre-j
report next Sunday. j
AVIATORS PLUNGE TO DEA 7771
TBy Review Leased Wire)
LAWTON. Okla., Mar. 4.
Flight Lieutenants Paul and Whit
ney from the atrial school at Fort
Sill, were Killed this afternoon 10
miles north of the aviation field,
when the gascline tank on their
aeroplane explo-'.ed and the ma
chine craFhed to earth from a
great height.
Officers at aviation headquarters
missed Paul and Whitney tonight
when machines were checked in
for the day. They were located
MTfTTT?A7 T"!
V J111J1 X J UMJJ
NE WTORK. March 4. Women
born in the United S'atcs but
married tr aliens and who resfs
tered for the four special congres
ticcial fi-Chr.s in this cky will
be challneged at the polls tomor
row, according to statement is
sued tonifiht by Frederick L.
Marshall, s ate superintendent of
elections.
CELEBRATE RUSS
PEACE LN BERLIN
(Bt Review Leased Wire)
AMSTERDAM. Mar. 4 The Ger
man press greets the advent of
peace with Rm-sia as a master
stroke. The Gtiman emperor's tel
egram to Chancellor Von Hertling
is placarded throughout Berlin.
Flags are flying everywhere and
the schools will have a holiday to
morrow. The L'ipsig Neueste Nachrlch
ten's P.rrlin correspondent says ne
gotiations with Serbia and Monte
negro ars a nr. tter of a few weeks,
a both, like Lumanla. are om ;.f
the war and mast sign peace.
The Kolnis.-he Volks Zietung
ssys:
"Peace in the east gives ns one
free band ;.nd we now can turn
with all our urergth to the west
Should that not make the enem
peoples reflect?"
French Raid Is
Success; German
Soldiers Taken
CBv Review Leased Wire)
PARIS. March i. East of the Meuse
we carried out o surprise attack at the
calonne trenches and penetrated as
far as the fourth German line on a
front of L2"0 metres and to a depth of
GOO metres," the war oYfice announced
tonight..
"We capeurtd more than 150 prison
ers." Today's official statement says: .
""Two German attempts to attack our
lines north of the Chemiri des Dames
and near Malincourt wood were check
ed by the French fire. On the Chaume
wood sector was i lively bombardment
"In Lorraine artillery fire prevented
an attack which the GermanB were
preparing to make on our lines."
Americans Inactive
WITH THE AMERICAN ARMY IN
FRANCE, Sunday. March 3. It was
i an unusually inactive day along the
American front during the last 24
. . v,, j
uuui B. unit cuiiuii ouiun uiv)jiu6
over. The American artillery inflicted i
Severe punishment on the enemy by
heavUy shelling a large cantonment
, .r . w, .
' ,w hvre many troops were assembled.
Chinese rar invasion "
PEKING, Wednesday. February 27.
The governor of :ne province of Sin
Kiang, western China, from whicn
have come reports tnat Turks and Ger
mans are stirrine up the Mohamme-
; dans telegraphs that the Russians are
! massing on the froutier, evidently in
tending an invasio.i of Sin Kiang.
Panic tnd sis ri"e.s
a,m -
noZ.'. , ... ... ,
The Provlnce of in KianB Is ener-
"1?. ab ,:hin"e "L1
lurkestan It is w.unded on the north
by Mongolia, on the west by Russia
a"j Afghanistan
a d nortnern India.
. . .
, e" f Informed
question in the house of commons to-
t0 whher r7'tf ' "U treaties
anda of other n: eements to which
Great Britain has liecome a party since
TCtary
!8on is kePt MIT infoimed by the al
i Ues.'
Admit Pichon's Charges
COPENHAGEN, Mar. 4. According
" , . i ag. matt, ana ine tjenm
P01 Anzeiger. .pies of which have
made by the FrenTn foreign minister,
M. Pichon. last Fi:aay. that the Ger
man chancellor n-'J word to Paris in
July, 1914, that Germany would re
quire as a guarantee of the neutrality
of France the handing over for the
period of the war with Russia the
fortresse; 0? Toul and Verdulli
was a cc urate
BHtjlh stfamer Sunk
BOSTON-, Mar. ... The Britisa
8teamgnip Arrinos L)ne Jn thc
gtreet Naza,re serTice hag been
gunk b a Gerraan Rnbmarine while on
w
(Continued on Page Two)
late tonight in tre farming district
northwest of Fort Sill.
Farmers livi.ig in the neighbor
hood said appaiently nothing was
wrong with the uirplane up to the
moment of the accident. Suddenly
a loud report w.u heard and pieces
of the machine were seen flying in
all directions. The main part of
the plane with its two occupants
then went into a nose dive, strik
ing the ground with such force
that it was con.pletely demolished
and the two fligM lieutenants bod
ies were badly mangled.
TT?J?T7Q2T?n JTnrV17l
llLUL - UKJLJU Y J
He explained that many women
of this class had registered, ig
norant of the fact that "the United
States reised statute, dis'inctly
Ftntes that any An-erican omen
marrying a foreigners shall take
th' ciUzenship of her husband."
Tklli. he added, applies also
to women whose husbands have
merely obtained their'first papers.
STRAXGE IX DEED A
ALLIES,
Above Annamese troops from Indo
China climbing through Han
barbed wire. Below Chinese in
fantrymen with French Alpine
fighter . (left) and Holy Land
native, caterer to British Royal
Flying corps, killing a sheep.
WTi
It is indeed a motley &ggre?u)n of peopli, who are fighting for the cause of .hc alii aa'inst kaiserism
sud autoorasy. On the western front one mav see every ,ace !' men fightine uniiir the b:sn.;ers of rngland
and rrance. In the pboto..the Ar.naraesa w-.-iirvlinr thrmih the Hun u.;r ,ia,,i..,-.ni r .. i- k
colonyn Jid;-piina. fThe Chinr.men are of the Bi-t ui'H. m'r.t froi
is one "of u.e n-jves wno bikes care of the mess, for ths licyal Flvir
AMERICANS GIVEN
CROIX BE GUERRE
BYH.CLE.BEIU
French Premier Compliments
Soldiers for Heroism in
Action; 5an?my Blushes at while the Germans have ceased oper
1 . ations in Greater" Kussla following the
Praise; Forgets Salute. visaing cf the peace vompact with the
Bolsheviki. they now are striding
ar.ainst Finland, and that in the south
. the Austro-Hungarians are making in
WITH THE AMERICAN ARMY lN!roadg into Podolia in an endeavor to
FRANCE, SUNDAY, MARCH 3. ; drive out the Bolsheviki and thus se
(Bv the Associated Press) Premier' ture an untrammeied ho!d on the couij
Clemenccau who sjxnt today on the,"-? upon whch so much decadence
American front northwest of Toul, cei for tue eedtng oi the
decorated two lieutenants, two ser
geants and two privates with the crix
de guerre with the palm for heroism!
which they displayed in th3 recent i
. A , i
German raid in this sector. I
One of the lieutenrnts comes from .
Brooklyn and the other from Charles
ton. S. C.
Both men went out into No Man's
Land in broad daylight and got a
German prisoner.
M. Clemenccau. accompanied
y,
two French eenerals arrived at Amer- aloIg ,he G.jif o t.,uiand taken ln coa
lean headquarters al the front at aa junotion with the holdings of Germans
early hour and immediately went .c , n lhe 80Uthern shore to the region of
where ;he troops were drawn tip on ueval. would give the invaders abso
three 6ides of a square in t-on pames. , jute n,astery ovei the western ap
The names of the men to be decor ; proaches to the gulf and paralyze com
ated were ea'I-'d and they stepoed up. i pletoly the movement of Russian shins
the Frtnch premier pinning the dec-: 0f war or commerce into the Baltic.
orations on them and saying a word
to each. One he patted on the should
ed and said "that's the way to do
1?
I nil 1-1 ero wo"'
Tlie American blushej and retired
to the ranks.
One of the French penerals said to . ratified mm Thursday,
a lientenant newly decorated, 'W' In Podolia the Austro-Hungarian
have got the Boches down and wefores evidently re meeting with
shall put them down deeper if we lsight resistance as they overrun Little
keep wcrking as we have." Russia. A strong indication of this is
At the end cf the i-ereiiionv a yonnjthe Vienna statement that they alrea-
j private came running along hurriedly. ;
He siok3 for a mo-uent with his cap-1 and ltMH) machine guns, and In aldl
tain. fearing apparently that he was tion iarge quantities of war material,
going to lesa his medal. The captain ' In eastern Sileria the Bolsheviki
directed him to proceed to M. Clem- elements efidently are placing obsta
enceau's automobile which he did. ' cles in the way of a possible Japanese
The premier Btepped out and slapped infasion of that territory. Already
him on the back, handing him his thef have destroved bridges along the
war cross. One of the generals re-1 trans Siberian railway between Lake
nmrkfti nuhinrlv "
"Never mind about being late, you'
were on time the other morning. That
is enough."
Forgot tn Salute. '
The soHler. in the excitement and
glory of the moment, forgot to salute
but fcn Ameriian general came to his
rescue, whispering, "salute." Non
of the so-dicrs can wear their henorj
until authorized by congress.
Th? premier went far forward into
an fihiiorrst inn r.ni t t Avar nnl- inn V i.
Man s L.nd. the Gorman poUfons and .
(Continued on rage Two)
HE SOME OF THOSE WE CALL
BUT THEY'RE HELPING
roii China
corps
I War Summary
iBy Review Leased Wire)
J Although the miliary operations
I along the western front in France and
i Belgium daily are growing in r.iagr.i
tude until it seems apparent that fierce
: battles cannot much longer be delayed.
' tha situation in Kussla continues to
j hold an absorbing plai-e in public inter
est throughout tht; worm.
Scnt advices 'rem Pctrograd ara
coming, through, but those that are
finding their way oiit of the turmoil-
riduen capital of Itussia indicates that
Teutonic allies.
Invad; Finland
, " '"X."" ",.",
" Finland which are be'ns r-
ned out from bases in the Aland Is-
.,.
ins out of the Finnish revolutionists
and Bolsheviki Kcd . Guards from
! Southern Finland, it is probable Ger-
! many's ambitions in this region have
. in vie the securing of control of
southwestern Finland to as far as Hel-
singfors. This stretch of territory
The contents of the peace treaty be
tween the Germans and the Bolsheviki
have not yet been made public but
there is no room for doubt that the
Teuton representatives exacted from
the Russians a price in keeping with
I their f ill desires. The treaty is to be
dy have captured .nore than 770 guns
iJaifeal and the c u-nese irontler, in ad-
lthn to having mined for eventual
Destruction n necessary, otner por
tions of the railway line.
Since Sunday the Germans have left
the Americana in comparative peace
on their sector ne;ir Toul. Probably
finding that their attempted forays
were too costly, they have failed to
launch further a'ticks and even have
cut down materially their artillery fire
and gas shell bombardment. Again
the American gunuers have worked
b?V"C 'm"K I?!""8 ly. he"vily
shelling a large cantonment
where
i troops are assembled.
DRAG KAISER DOWN
si-
to the 're:i.-1 fioi-i The Vaterer
in Pale.t.rte.
ALLIES WILL ASK
JAPAN TO PROTECT
ST0RESJ SIBERIA
No Protest From America
Expected; Quick Action
Likely; London Frotests In
vasion of Prussia.
rtv Review Leased Wire)
LCNDU.N". March 4. The British.
French and !:ilian amoassadors in
Toki intended yesterday or today
jcintiy o a;-k Jaan to take the neces
sary steps to safeuird allied inter
ests in Siberia, according to the Daily
Mnil.
'Ite newspaper adds that the Amer
ican ambarsadr was not expected to
join tr? r."!;!-t, but that no discurb
iv.z coaclusicrs are to be drawn from
tl is fret r sno American opposition
is expected.
Will Act Socn.
(V.v Rfvh-w leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. March 4. Military
action by Japan in eastern Siberia to
check German influence and protect
tar states aJ Vladivostok is believed
here to be imminent. The Uniteo
States has not yet expressed its
views on the proposed step, but it
was said In diplomatic quarters that
the Japanese would prcbably move
quickly to meet emergency conditions,
leaving the pending diplomatic ex
change, development of an understand
ing wiih America hnd all the allies
upon the scope and purpose of the en
terprise. While it has io direct bearing upon
It, situation in Asia 1c Russia, the
news which came today to the Swed
ish location that Germany has given
notice of her intention to occupy the
whole of Finland will tend to hasten
an r:ree;nen'. upon Japan's plans.
The C.ctmaa explanation to the Swed
ish lorei.-n offii ?. which has protest
ed against the preceding that the pur
pose "is to restore order and without
intent to lake permanent possession"
is regarded as very clear indication
of what the Teutons may undertake
in any part of Russia now that the
Bolsheviki have been forced to ac
cep their hard peace demands.
Officials and diplomats hore pro
fess tuoomnce of what preparations
have been made by Japan for the oper
ations about to be undertaken.
Secrecy Observed.
As a matter of course secrecy ha '
been observed and strict censorship
in retard to the Siberian question is
in f.r.e at Tokio. rossibly the next
w rd to come out of Japan on the sub
jet will be an announcement of sorAe
thing accomplished.
In tills connection it Is recalled that
;i5-M A H-sv ...... tn
-" ---.--... L W . u I I .'111 , . I Llil II
(Continued on Pare Two)
HUNS COMMETT ON j
BALBOUR'S SPEECH 1
CBv Review Leased Wire)
AMSTERDAM. Mar. 4. The ;
i Frankfurter y.eitun? commenting j
! on the recent speech of A. J. Hal-
' frrm the llritisn foreign secretary, i
"'The c!e-isi'm as to whether the ,
wnr. with all i: hi.rrors. shhll con-
tinne or i.r.'liniiti u y discission re. ;
girding t!ie p'.licy of pejee shall J
begin, depends today more on Ire.s-
ident Wilson aan on the govern-
inents of the l!.iroxun entente.
The newspaper finds some parts t
of Mr. UalfiiLT's speech deserving
of consideration and regards Ks S
moderate tone as a welcome sign.
It contends that the demand for the t
evacuation of Belgium and re par-
tion in the case of that country '
should only be acceded to if the en- I
tente is able to force Germany out S
of Belgium. ' (
"Mr. Balfour ought to 'know." it
adds, "that the maximum conces- i
sions of both sides can only be
reached ty negotiations." '
Plan Compromise
On Rate Bill; War
Measure Held Up
(Bv Review leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. March 4 A com
promise on th rate making, authority
section prcbably will brine an agree
ment tomorrow between the B-na'e
and house conferees on the adminis
tiatinn railroad control bill.
Chairman Smith of the senate Inter
state commerce commission discussed
with President Wilson today ;his
piime point of dispute In the confer
ence and said later he had a com
promise to propose which he beli?ved
would be acceptable to both sidss.
The bill as it Dassed the house in
vests the president with final ra'e-!the line in the west will be settlel
making powers, while the sante mea-in the German Russian mixed com
sure provides that the president mar ! misplcn. The regions in q'leBticn will
initiate rates suDject to review oy
the interstate commerce commission
0n of the important differences in
the conference over the provision for
compensation to the carriers whibj
under federal operation was settled
today the house conferees acccptin?
the senate provision.
Hold Up War. B'll.
fHv Review Lened W!i)
WASHINGTON. Varcn 4. Oppo?!-
tlon to the ministration Mil for a
war finance corporation resulted to-
day in suspension of debate in te j artie'e ix does net e?lrt!'at other
senate until tomorrow to r-erralt con-, WK-e fhe districts of Erivan. Kars
ferences ' between Governor Hardin.! r(j pato'ini will likewise delay be
Rrd Vice Govrncr Warburg of th:;1;ruat',d by the Rnsslnn troops. Rns
federal reserve board with banking si wji net interfere intfc" reorganiza
committee members and other senat-tjon 0f the constifitional or Infrnal
ors who have led the fish: on rertai,i : eenditi'-ns of tMs (!is!ri'-t bu' Ieav
sections of the bill. It to tr-e pop'iHi'ens of fie -1'strfi s
Tomorrow Secretary McAdoo at the t0 carry out the reorganizati m in
reiuest of Senator Owen Cbiarman of ' agreement wh the neiiihboring
the basking comniit'ee ill meet the : )ratpj,i particularly Turkey,
opocsing faction. 'Tbere were indie-j '
ations tonight that attempts to make Rumania Accents Terms,
radicjil amendments in the bill aa it nv Review leaved wire
now stands would be abandoned. J HTCRl IN. via London. March 4
.'"The Rvmnnlans have accepted our
Lovett Named Chief.
B- Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. March 4. Robr;
S. Ioet. former chairman of the i Kals'r Praises Army,
board of the Union Pacific and prior; ! (Fly Review Leased Wire)
ties director of the war industries . ir'RUN. via London. March 4.
board, betterments and additions of Fr-ineror William, according to an of
the railroad administration it was an , fi ial announcement made today on
bounced today. He has resisned from' the roncluslm of peace betwean Gr
the Union Iacific and from the war mny and Russia sent a telesram to
industries board and has given up al. Count Yon Herding, the German Ini
his other corporate Interests. j p.'tial Chancellor wading as follows:
Judse Lovett will supervise the bis , "The German swerd wielded by the
program of extensions contemplated j great army leaders has brought piee
:or his year partioularlv relating to j w ith Russia. With deep gratitude to
terminal constructions and will de-1 God. who has been with us. I am fill
termine what imnrovemeats are es- j ?d with proud at the deds of my army
sential and what should be postponed
until the close of the war
Reports of railroads, now being tab
ulated by the interstate commerce
commission officials show the im
provements railroads had planned fori
this vear if nrivate ooeration had con-
tinued.
REPUBLICANS ELECTED.
(T!v Review leased Wire)
PORTLAND. Mina. March. 4 Re
publican ma vors were elected in seven
of the nine cities which voted In this
state today. Waterville and Bath,
which were democratic last year, went
republican.
ROAD CARRIES
(By Review Teased Wire)
PEKING. We.tnes.lay. February
27.- The trans-Siberian railroad is
carrying only soldiers, passengers
and fuel. No freight is being han
dled. Bolsheviki workmen control the
trans-Baikal line and refuse to
handle freight. All towns in that
territory. incluJ'ng Chita, are in
j the hands of the Bolsheviki.
i The Pctrograd government has
PREDICTS SMALL FOOD CROP
WASHINGTON. March 4 G.
F. Warren, professor of Farm
Manasement at Cornell university
tcs'ifvinr today before th? sen-
j ate agriculture comrr.it'ee investif-
aticn general food condition dec
lared food pro.luritnol nthe l nited
States this year from present in
dications, would tl less thau
three-fourths of normal.
Senator Wadswor'h questioned
RUSSIA SIGNS
PEAGETHEATY
WITH KAISER
Commission to Decide Upon
New Boundary Line; Slavs
Must Demobilize; Berlin
Predicts Rumanian Peace.
fPT Review Lea.ied Wit e)
AMSTERDAM. March 4. Tie pea-3
treaty slgnel between the f..ur cen
tral powers and Russia according '
a dispatch received from Berlin says
the pewer mentioned "have asreed to
terminate the state of war and brins
about p-?aee as quick as possible anil
that, therefore, t've plenipotentiaries
sii;n-d the following nricle:
"First The Central Powers and
P'.ssia declare the state" of war be
tween them to bi terminated and an
resolved henceforth to live in peaco
and friendship with one another.
"Second The contracting nations
will refrain from all asi;atkn or
provccatlr.n against other signatory
governments and undertake to spare
the pipnlations of the regions occu
pied by the powers of the quadruple
entente.
"Third The regions laying west o?
the line a creed upon by the con rant
ing pir'.fe. and formerly beiom: in .;
to Russia, shall no loneer he under
H'l.slan sov-reinv. The firms of
have no cblisation whatever towarl
Russia, arising fro mtheir former rel
ation thereto. Russia undertakes to
refrain r-ora all Interference in the in
ternal affairs of tlicse territories and
to let Germany and Austria determine
te future fate of these territories in
aeTeiieot with their populations.
"Fot'rth Germany and Austria
asrrei. when a sn-ral neare i con
cluded and Russian demobilization is
'nllv completed to evacuate the re
iens east of th,e line desk-rated In
articV three, number 1. insofar as
aj-nisMce condit'ons." says a German
.of.i- i:. communication issued today.
i and the tenactcus persevernnre of my
people. It is of esoeclal satisfaction.
to me Uiat German blcod and German
Kultur have be?n saved. Accept my
warmest thanks for your faithful and
strong co-cperaticn in
work."
the great
I
C'ase Hostilities.
4Ry Review Leaned Wire
PETROGRAD. March 4 Ensis.i
Krvlenko, commander in chief of the
army has ordered the field staff at
j Mchilev to cense hostilities according
to an official announcement touay.
The troops are instructed to remr-m
in their present positions.
ONLY SOLDIERS
sent Bolsheviki railroad employes
56.iliHl.OHO rubles
Railway expens of the Stevens
commission are .'.ue at Harbin Sat
urday to take charge of transpor
titlon on the ".istern end of the
trans-Siberian line. Railway offi
cials say present conditions In Si
beria will make it impossible for
them to do inmb without the sui
port of an armed force except on
the Chinese eastern railway which
is the section between Chita and
Vladivostok.
statement by Har.k Reid of Chi
cago, editor of a sheep raisers
paper, thaf retail meat dealers
who participate in the direct form
producers would be boycotted by
pa., Vers. Reld declared that with
the present prices of meat to the
producers, many engased in meat
production would send their pre
sent supplies to market and then
quit business.
--T- X
i
TWO
THE B1SBP DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY MORNING, MARCH 5, 1918.
r
Put Your Money Into
BIG FIVE OIL
And get interest in Fifty Oil Properties in Deven
Proven Fields. in Six Producing States. All oil in
vestments highly speculative, but you reduce your
risk and multiply your chancesof quick profits if
you get into a live large organization like Big Five
Oil Company, which has leases covering thousands
of acres in Big Muddy and Lost Soldiers Fields in
Wj'cming, in Seibert of Colorado, in Boynton Field
of Oklahoma, in Caddo and Pine Island Fields of
Louisiana, and in several shallow fields of Kentucky
and Tennessee. Your investment in Big Five Oil
gives you a share of all profits and interest in all
leases and producing wells. Big Five money now
ftoing into Five Wells, with two more to start this
month. Get your Big Five Stock now at Ten Cents
a Share. For detailed information ask any Big Five
Stockholder in Bisbee or JOHN BABALLS, Special
Represertative, Royal Confectionery, Brewery
Gulch.
Big Five Oil Co.
422 First Nat Bank Building, Denver, Cob.
ALLIES WILL ASK
JAPAN TO PROTECT
STORES IN SIBERIA
Continued from Page One)
I
J
FRENCH RAID IS
SUCCESS; GERMAN
SOLDIERS TAKEN
(Continued from Page One)
a voyage without cargo to an American
port, according to reports current In
shipping circles today. The crew was
saved. The Arrino registered 4.484
tons gross.
' schebeg line a big snow plow with
two engines was buried under an aval
l anche. At some :laces the snow is
eight to ten feet deep on the level.
Stables, bams and houses have 'been
, crushed by the snowslides at many
.' places and a number of persons have
been killed.
Huns Buy Platinum
WASHINGTON." Mar. 4. Germany
is taking advantage of the peace nego
tiations w ith Roesia 10 buy every avail
able ounce at platinum according to
advices received Unlay by the Ameri
can government. Oiflcials said today
that the Germans wepe badly in need
of the platinum but their intention was
to keep the United States and other
allies from obtaining the important
metal. '
Berlin Statement
BERLIN, via Lon-.lou. Mar. 4. To
day's German official says:
"Western theatre, fronts of Crown
Prince Rupprecht and the German
crown prince one of our storming de
tachments penetrated the enemy's line
and captured a number of Belgians. At
several points on Ine Flanders front
violent fighting was followed by Brit
ish attacks which nere repulsed."
Returns From Russia
A PACIFIC PORT. Mar. 4,Captain
J. G. Miller, who ha been la Petregrad
as military attache to the American
embassy, arrived hrre today on a liner
from the Orient.
He said there is inly one passenger
train a week operated on the trans
Siberian railroad. Harbin, he asserted
is overflowing wi'n wealthy Russians
who have fled from the districts con
trolled by the BoKneviki.
j - British Advance -
LONDON, Mar. 4.-A British offi-
cial statement on operations in Fa:es
j tine today says:
i "From Friday to Sunday several en
counters between Mounted patrols oc-
. curred east and north of Jericho. Be-
I tween Saturday ana Sunday our troops
advanced northward to a maximum
i depth of 3,000 yards on a frontage of
12 miles astride a. id west of the Jeru
salem Xablus road encountering little
: opposition.
"An enemy airplane was brought
' down in our lines east of Jaffa. The
pilot and observer ere wounded and
captured."
at the beginning or Russo-Japanese
war the Japanese acted without her
alding. Before there was any such
formality as a declaration of war a
Russian fleet had been smashed and
the war was half won. It has been
stated in o.'ficial quarters that this
is no concern pf the enteute allies of
America bow Japan goes about the
task once the question of policy is
settled. If the decision is reached to
give Japan a free hand in eastern
Siberia, H ts now conceded that no
other military or naval power Is In
position to render her any substan
tial aid owing to the lack of available
force.
In a diplomatic way. the situation
has remained unchanged since the
middle of last week. The state depart
ment has not indicated to the Japan
ese government what may be Its vkw
of the new situation created by the
signing of peace articles by the Bol
sheviki. The statement mad- recent
ly by Viscount Motono that Japan had
a working agreement wrth. the entente
allies -and America In regard to this
question, it isisaid has been- taken
too llfrally. Officials say what the
viscount probably meant was that
there existed a sympathetic under'
standing on the subject.
Would Like Underttanding.
In seeking an understanding as to
scope before going on record as snp
poiling the Japanese action the Amer
ican government is understood to hold
that while it has every confidence in
the proper intentions of Japan it
would be easier to convince neutral
nations and moreover would enable
America and the allies to defeat any
German design to organize the ele
ments in Russia on the German side,
were there some formal assurance
that Russian integrity was not to
suffer. A high official today expres
sed the opinion that very careful
treatment at the hands of the press
is needed to avoid embarrassing mis
understandings. Information Is wanted regarding the
exact terms of the peace signed at
Brest-l-itovsk and it is pointed out
that there is as yet no assurance that
the terms forced upon L-3nine and
Trotzky would be accepte-i by thi
Russian people. Should here be a
resumption of the Russian defense
against Germany, that fact would
bave an effect upon the situation in
Siberia, as it might easily make pos
sible a friendly agreement between
Russia and Japan, whereby the latter
government would - be authorize to
take any military actlco needed to
carry out. her guarantee of peace in
the far east.
Protests Invasion.
WASHINGTON. March 4. A Joint
resolution declaring against invasion
' of Russia by Japan and "that the
congress solemnly protests against
! any attempt to interfere with the
management by the Russian people of
, their own affairs and against U at-
I terupts to encourge any foreign power
to take - possession oi Russian ter
ritory" wss introduced by Representa-
i tive London of New York, socialist.
There was no debate.
Snow t i Alps Hope For Better Food
BERNE, Mar. 4 Extraordinary : AMSTERDAM. Mar. 4 Represent a
sno falls are causing avalanches ev-Mions have betm maJe to the command
erywhere in the A'ps. The mountain er in chief of the Marches by a corn
railways are blocked, and on the Loet- mittee of doctors jt Berlin, says a tel
egram from the German capital stat
I ing that great dai.ger might result
I from faulty food supply, inadequate
lighting, scarcity ! coal and failure
to remove house tcfuse. The com
mander in chief has replied that there
is hope of the food supply being improved.
i
LAST FEW DAYS OF
Miller's Big Clearance Sale
We wish to call your attention to our "BIG CLEARANCE SALE." This will be
your last chance to get Clothing and Furnishing at such low prices.
We have a big assortment of Suits on hand that will please you. We guarantee
Now is your chance to buy a suit at a Big Discount.
NOTE BELOW THE LOW PRICES WE OFFER YOU.
$1.50 Monarch and Merit 1 "Sweet-Orr Trousers
Shirts, in all the latest de- I $5 value. Sale price. .$3.65
signs. Sale price
95c
Come In Today.
to it you.
$20 All Wocl Suits with a
guarantee to fit or money
back. Sale price
$15.95
Just a Few Days More.
$7 value. Sale price..$4.95
$ 1 0 value. Sale price $7.45
Match Your Coat and
Vests.
Leather Suit Cases and Bags
Get ycurs today for the
coming trip and save from
$5.00 to $8.00 by buying
today.
"Your Latt Chance."
HATS. HATS. HATS.
New bonnets for men.
We have them in all shapes
and shades
$3.50 value $2.45
$4.00 value $2.95
How About One for Easter.
Arrow Collars
2 for 25c
All Styles All Sizes.
Buy Them Now.
CEps-Rea! Cl?ss.
$1.50 value. Sab price $1.15
$2.00 value. Sale price $1.35
$2.50 value. Sale price $1.95
The Famous Spear Line
Rain Trocf.
Th? Famous Shoe for MEN:
$5.00 value. Sale price $3.45
$6.50 value. Sale price $4.75
$7.50 value. Sale price $5.95
$8.00 value. Sale price $6.95
$ 1 0 value. Sale price ..$7.45
2 Shoes for the Price of One.
Neckwear.
We Hare Item in AH Shades
50c value. Sale price 35c
75c value. Sale price 45c
$1.00 value. Sale price. .75c
$150 value. Sale price.. 95c
$2.50 value. Sale price $1.85
IRELAND
OATS
N
ONE OF NATION'S
TRAINING CAMPS
United States Naval Station
Receives Recruits From
Every Part of the United
States for Service
A CHILD GETS CROSS, .
SICK AND FEVERISH
WHEN CONSTIPATED
Look Mother! If tongue is
Coated clean little liver
and bowels.
Work Pants.
$3.00 value $1.95
Khaki Pants $1.25
Raincoats.
Aervento Brand.
$20.00 value ...' $12.95
Work Sh;rts.
$1.00 value 65r
Work inoes.
$4.50 value.. $3.45
H.1U.AI
MAIN STRr-FT.
BISBEE.
J
BASE OF AMFTUCAN FLOTILLA
IN BRITISH WATERS. Feb. 20 (Cor
respondence of the Associated Press).
About as far uo the rver from here
as Yonkers.is from New York is the
first United States naval training sta
tion n Ireland. It is built along the
bank under cliffs and reminds the
Americans of the Palisades of the
Hudson. Here naval recruits from all
over the Vnited Stae are being
trained for te American deVroyer
he most recent arrivals belne 200
bovs from Pensaeoln. Fix
Thi naval burrnclr. whlrh -some of
the older men call Cob dock, after
nart of the Brooklvn navr yard. ws
formaliv commissioned with the ar
rival the other day frcm the Unite'
States cf its commanding officer, r
commander who came to the nvy
from Louisiana. He has a stnff of r
lieutenant, two ensigns, a paymaster
and reveral snreeons who ran tslce
care of several fionsar.e men. They
are instructing men still green to
thines of the sea in methods of fight
ing the submarines.
Recruits Arrive
To the station, which covers five
acres, come the recruits frr-m traininrj
nations in the United States There
are regulars, reserves an"? state mil"
tia. but their identity as such is lost
here, and they are all alike while
the t"r lasts. Most of them were
i civilian lfe a few months -ago.
Here and there is a colleee man: a
few were secretaries to railroad presi
dents, the paymaster himself being
the son of a railway tnaTrste wh
owns a 150-mile line of railroad in
North Carolina.
These wartime sailor? rre housed
in a big Aid granary which was the!
home of a famous Irish regiment.
When the AmerVans came along thei
soldiers cheerfully moved on. for the!
submarine still fis regarded as th
:ncst dangerous enemv over here and!
men who come to fight it are wel-
corned. The granary is really fcv.ir;
large buildings joined together. Theyj
-re of rough stone, which makes the:
barra?ks appear not unlike some)
mericn prions. The walls are three j
feet thick and tlrere are four floors, i
The Americans have whitewashed the
walls and made a wonderful transfer-',
mafion in the place. I
The men sleep tn hammocks swung
from the rafters in the ceiling. They;
cat at long mess tables from enam-j
eled dishes and get the same food as.
icse on the American ships, which J
is hard to beat nowadays in this par;
ticular part of the world. At first;
there Isn't much d'sclpllne In these j
e arrivals, bnt after a few davs:
hey know how to salute an officer and j
how to speak to him.
No Kickinq in Camo
Reveille Is sounded at 5:30 o'clock.!
while cuts'de it is still dark and cold.!
But these new war-time sailors rise;
without a murmur, dress, pack their)
hammocks out of the way and march
to breakfast below as if thev hadj
been born to it. AH the cooking !s
1one outside the barracks where the.
Americana have set up a few field
kitrhens. They also use trench stoves I
for cooking bean soup and stews. The
adaptability of these men s what j
first 'mpresses the visitor. Many havei
tiven up lives of comparative luxury j
ind ease to submit to naval'discioline;
whirh probably Is less comfortable,
here than in the United States. I
The station is shut in by a high
wall npon which armed sentries are;
posted. No liberty is permitted for(
visits in te village, which boasts 15 j
saloons and a shipyard. The only1
time the Americans are seen in the:
village streets is when a company of
thPm passes through from a 'cross-;
country hike, a part of their daily mu-
tine, and on Sundays when those who,
desire can attend services In the!
Protestant and Catholic churches. But;
;the men are always under guard onj
j ese occasions.
1 The only liberty eranted the recruits,
i is to the more pretentious village a j
; few miles down the r'ver. which is;
the base of the American destroyer,
I flotilla. A sea-going tug makes one!
: round trip a day with the liberty par-i
ty. At the base village the recruits
.are free to visit-the United States.
1 naval club hoiife, the British Y. M. C. ;
I A. hut or the two village movie shows.:
The liberty men leave the barracks
each afternoon at 5: the curfew rings
; for them at 11 at night, when thev,
board the tug for the return voyace. t
For these not on liberty taps re(
sounded at the usual hour of 9. :
Health Excellent !
The state of health of the men con-;
tinues excellent, despite the raw.
damp climate peculiar to this part of
Irelanl. and the sick-bay does a small
business. The drudgery of the daily
routine of training and the swabbing
down t.He decks of the harrarks over. (
the men retire to tlieT dormitories
fcr quiet reading or rehearsal of srrme
rf the la'est Broadway melodies. Once,
a wfk the hras band from the fllo-'
tills flagship rnnies up to entertain
the recruits and on Sundays and
Thursday the sr'i'or chaplain of the,
base ghes the men a talk on spiritual ,
welfare.
There is a f.iie spirit among the'
young.--trrs. who sn he-ome friend
Iv. and It 's not long before every
body Is "jniKie-- or "shipmate." All
eves are on the gial ahead, which is
!h- transfer to a destroyer for active
- J ilutv. This comes only with effi
t!. :; in tranin. nsiiore.
If your little one's tongue is coated 1
It is a sure sign the stomach, liver
and "oowels need a gentle, thorough j
cleansing at once. When your child
is crcos, peevish, listless, pale, doesn't
sleep, eat or act naturally: if breath
is bad. stomach sour, system full of
cold, throat sore, or If feverish, give
a teaspoonful of "California Syrup of
Figs." and in a few hours all the
clogged-up. constipated waste, sour
bile and undigested food will gently
move 'oat of the bowels, and you have
a well, playful child again.
Sick children needn't be coaxed to
take this harmless "fruit laxative."
Millions of mothers keep it hanly be
cause they know Its action on the
stomach, liver and bowels is prompt
and sure. They also know a little
given to-day saves a sick child tomor
row. Ask your druggist ftr a bot
tle of "California Syrup of Figs,"
which contains directions for babies,
children of all ages and for grown-ups
plainly on toe bottle. Beware of coun
terfcits sold here. Get the genuine
made by "California Fig Syrup Com
pany". Advertisement.
.1 - 4
You've Been Earning
For Years?
Has it cost you every dollar of it to live?
These are pertinent questions, but the man who
answers them honestly to himself will feel the time
has come to start a Savings Account with this bank,
save for the future and get 4 per cent Interest.
Thuik it Over!
CITIZENS BANK & TRUST COMPANY
Main Street Bisbee, Arizona
DONT SUFFER !
m NEURALGIA
i
Use Soothing Musterole
When those sharp pains go shooting !
through your bead, when your skull !
teems as if it would split, just rub a j
little Musterole on your temples and !
neck. It draws out the inflammation, 1
soothes away the pain, usually giving;
quick relief,
Musterole is a dean, white ointment, j
made with oil of mustard. Better than a
mustard plaster and does not blister.
Xlany doctors and nurses frankly rec
CT.mend Musterole for sore throat, bron
chitis, croup, stiff neck, asthma, neural
fjia, congestion, pleurisy, rheumatism,
lursbago, pains and aches of the back or
oir.ts, sprains, sore muscles, bruises,
chilblains, frosted feet colis of the
chest (it often prevents pneumonia). It
u always dependable,
20c and 60c jars; hospital size $150.
fSlrVCOOUNI
You may do business with some other
local Bank why not open. another ac
count and give us a portion of your
business? We extend you every courtesy.
Come in and get acquainted.
BANK WITH US.
AMERICANS GIVEN
.CROIX DE GUERRE
BY M. CLEMENCEAU
(Continued from Tags one)
!h? country In the distance, then hid
den in the br.ze. He entered several
lugoc's under the ruins of bouses
brought down since the arrival oi
the American troops. A few shells,
both frfendly and hostile. whiMlel
overhead while M. Clemenceau was
there, but none dropped near. The
premier seemed especially impressea
with the sturdy, healthy appearance
of the Americans, even those caked
In mud who had just returned roru
the front line. He spent the after
noon in inspecting the billets in many
towns back of the lines and also vis
ited a field hospital where he talked
with the men wounded in the recent
raid, telling all of them they had done
finely.
Killed Three Hunt.
One of the sergeants decora'ed Is
from Arkansas. While in a d'icout a
'letmn I'etitenant cllrd o;it "came
out Americans" and the sergeant l"d
out his men fighting. He personally
killed the lienienant and two sol
diers. The other came from Detroi:.
He was about to retire for a:e but
jsked to b? sent to France. He took
command of a detachment in front
if the wire when hU captain was
'tilled and continued the fish! inflict
ing losses on the enenry. One priv
i!e Troni the St. Louis artillery dls
tinguish'xl himself twie in running'
messages from the line to the artil
lery during the ess sua, k and dur
ing the raid throueh the barrage The
ther private decorated delivered im
rortant messages thronch the bar
rage after having said good bye to
his comrades.
Bisbee Decorating Co.
General Painting, Paper Hanging, Tinting and
Signs. Perfect Results. Moderate Prices.
HUGHES BLOCK, OPPOSITE Y.W.CA.
P. O. Box 1531 Fhone 739
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
AND HIGH CLASS CAFE :
The best of everything at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 60c luncheon daily. Also $ 1 .00 dinner from
5:30 to 7:30 p. m. Regular Board by the month, $40;
$ 1 0 by the w?ek.
Henry Poppen, Manager.
Do You Know the Best Meals in Bisbee?
Try our Social Merchants Lunch at noon, 'orty cents is the
total cost and it includes soup, bread and butter, relish, meat order,
vegetable, coffee and dessert.
$5.00 TICKET, $4.75 CASH. Short drdars a Specialty
MERCHANTS' LUNCH
MAIN ST. BISBEE.
SMIT HN0VV FLIER
CHiCAGO. .Mar. 4 "Pst" Smith,
former champion of the niversity of
Michigan football' eleven, will fight
from the air instead of in the navy. ,
Smith, who was at the Orcat Lakes
Xaval Training Station for seven
months was grame l his uonorahlu dis--harge
it became knnwi. tody, so he
duij join ine aviation corris.
PHONE 818
We will CALL and get your shoes that need repair
ing and DELIVER them to you.
Our delivery service will take in Bisbee, Lowell, Don
Luis, Naco and all suburbs between Bisbee and Naco.
Our Motto is SERVICE.
Goodyear Shoe Shop
Phone 818.
Allen Block
One itMM
the r.fzrl H I
few i .yr'V r i
that
need Ug I
sugar Ui2
i
? ? "& fe S
5
Y-'NB" ipnng lime g
:2:?fl ,s Coming
" S ' $ a 'rW!j& IT will really surprise
iur
P05TMSTIE5
Cc.inSwlIct
And Ready To Cat
Look for llie Emblem
Fii -r .
lg it is your gunr
antee of. Matter Service
W ;
altAl'V
fi5 ? ? !$ ? Tfc T? fe s rs fc,, k fc Ve, v
L .11 ...
wu nun ncu vc b.
can make your last
Spring suit look. E
There is a good reason
vrhv yoa should "Make
It Do.1
Fot kigK-claaa cleansing and f
repairing, telephone as
r
BISBEE DYE AND ,
CLEANING
WORKS.
PHONE 296. fe ti:e disbee daily review, Tuesday morning, march 5, 1918.
THREE
TOMBSTONE SCRIBE
TELLS OF B1SBEEITES
ON THE GRAND JURY
The con?en:ng of the fcrand jury at
Tombstone has liisi-losed ttie fact that
the THuubstone Iropector possesses ii
humorous scribe on it staff who is an
O. Henry and Irving Cobu rolled into
one. This writer of iuw.s humorous
sig.18 himself "The Observer." The
following from his irusi.v typewriter
about people well known in the War
ren District w hich was run under the
heading, "We Have With I s Today,"
is well worta re-printing.
"Among the notorious celebrities
now doing duty on the jury in Tomb
stojie may be mentioned several who
have gained distinction other than do
ing jury duty for various reasons, all
oi v, ftk-b we will not reiate. but here
are a few that are readable, to say the
least :
"George Jay. formerly vt Xaeo, now
of Warren, is not only a successful
businass man, but he will make a good
juror, for any man that cnn Slide
around in the Republican party and
jiLiy in both wings of the party and not
get shot is a thinking nwn and well
qualified for a juror.
"An old tiuie Toiubstoneite on the
jury is H. D. Madison now living in
"Sulphurville," but foriuc-ty proprietor
cf the Arlington Hotel and also lessee
of the gas and electric light plant here
Mr. .Vatiison is enjoying his two weeks
here on the jury and when not doing
duty he spins around Tombstone boule
vards In a big touring boggy of the
gasoline kind.
, "Col. T. D. Fa!s?iura is among those
present and .says he hasn't en.'oyed
hims?if so much since the .excitement
he hid a tew months ago in trying to
ft:
( ir I
CLAIMED El m
hi
W. M. Plaskr, Known as "Un ci?
Bl'L, Former Partner of
Bii; Green, Dies in Texas
Sanatorium.
V. M. Pir.Fter, f-9 year old. pioneer
resiJent of Cocjise county and cn?
3f the builders of '.he sr?at Sout'i
west, Ci'C at Sweetwater, Texas. Mon
day, according to ir.forn a-ion reach
ing Bisbee yeslerday. He had been
ill since three years ago when he was
stricken with paralysis, and taken by
fiiends to the Taxas city. He is
survived by one sail, now a resident
of Colorado. Texas. rut 'or manv
venrs a resident of this county with
his father.
Mr. Plaster was anions the bosi
known of the pioneers of this county.
Friends and acquaintances knew bin)
as "I'ncle Hill." and for many years
he lived in and about this district. He
was a veteran of the Mexican war
and of the war of the r:be'lion fipht
ing on the confederate side. He
active in all mat;ers pertaining to the
development of this district, was always-
intei?ste-l in politics of the.na
:io!; .'.r.d sta'.e. and was a builder of
'he i?Dneer tvpe.
'Tr-cle Tlaster came to Ari
;:'iiia in 1S:1. matins his home for
t!.e .irst year In what was then a
part of Cr:.ham county, but has since
l.iiots t reenlee county, tine year
figure out how and why the Douglas-! ;ater he lemoved to Cochise county.
itts double crossed him 00 the county j here at tne foot of the Huachuca
division game. "Never aain with that j mcun'ams in wh2t is known as the old
bunch.' says the "tall sveamore' from j Lowrcy ranch, he made his headquar-VilU-ox.
" ' trs. and started in the t-atile busi-
"Another former Toir.l.stoneite withj ns Later, wirl; ili'.l Green and R.
us for two weeks is Wm. Oimn-.ings of j M -Babe" Thompson, he entered Son
Gleeson. "Bill" is spending his spare 1 ora Mexico, and established headquar
time renewing acquaintances and last j ,ers at Hull springs. It was from this
night he had one cf hi former 'com-1 n.nve th,t famous and historic
paures in a comer ana tney w ere go-. T,,rlr Track CAttle cumc-uiy prew.
i-ears ths three partners were
Intr. mttii! In the raTtl husi-
puiiea on tneir rreat att in u.imon
and Pythias.' in the Shcflin theatre
some years liack. Biil says that they
played their parts in a ser:c:is vein but
... , . u. ..ci o.iu -...v. :Tu'key T
ing over the niht that the two Biils . f .
Bill Cumminzs and Bi" Hattich :!.jvelv
rmlteri off their rrpa? sft in 'IhnifiTi !
BASEBALL FAMS FLAW .
FOUR1 TEAM LEAGUE if
OSODTC "Ml nni'PI 0 1,11 "'"y. A number of players on
'0:JLL WtiLl lliiubL-J h oast navf' '"'c-1-1v' v-irt:en her,
'Ut,L ,n,U UvUl"J asking abon basrhail pans for ih.
coming ser.-ion and if tv.en of their cali-
, her are secured the class of ball will
1WO Nines From C iV: A., One he higher this season 'h.f t anv time
since the old Cactus league days
From Copper Queen and while on the subject of sports the
'question arises ar 10 ine possihillty
these t.vo holdings mar consoll- ril?n rt I ft 7M nUfrIITO
,i' nm uao cLUfYuuio:
tii.it
(!np nnd put a team in the field.
i-.iff definite has heen .-;on"
KIther a four-ieam local circuit op a
league composed of three Bisbee nin..w
and a club at Ho.iglas would f!ll the
on
INDICATION OF OIL
FOUND BY EXPERTS
! Car okivi't
: on the pr: n.r
'and A i:ia
r; rr.:t.i'. t !
ii clait
s l.ave fc:n discovered
v of t!:e I' lihd Chlno
t el llio Oil com:nn:es
' :-..:mi:ei:t s.ted. The
I' i-i ii'-li a:e- t'r it the
been in the panie too lung to lake any
lfncv Five hundred It n whs t-losu
enouefl for him.
"'This is the tMrd practicil man ir.i
tniled Ir. ;n Caii.omia by the I'nitf .l
Chino pejjile iM.'ing pa t unnth.
"Slanv impaiis. Includi.i the Ai
izma l:.'! Rio. II i-r.e Uil. Monitor nil,
and Aiizona Ok'a'r.oii:a ir
ir:-id prjgiess towa-.l ?c ml deve' n
nent of their pr.:priie-, in the Chino
Valley ::nd the well of the Anjoiu
Oil & !e:.ni.ie mnKiuy is now down
approximately 2im leet."
Tjit From -Smplter CiV. of Ktnirin? nmatejr boxin? exhiliiiioiis ' "
hre is l.eine.done in other cities f,;c!l will pro.e i:p witho i doub: an
PrnivMwl tnw Qoacnn 1Q1R ,k.,',k ih. nl ArW,,o V.'.tf t;iOTm as i res-:ure! nny be
VSWX.WV 1V wVVwwll A r A ' K III 1 14 . II 1 11 - - t k v '7 . .v. -
At Douclas the soldier boys are ran-; -"l:pd for at shallow dept.i.
Tiinp regular shows which inchi.le ! L-T.l:o:i Piper. Phoenix, cor
Baseball, and a high class article of
Ihe national pastime, is almost as
sured for Bisbee this summer. Con
siderable talking and planning is tid
ing done by those who had charge of
the sport last year and from all indi
cations a meeting will be held at an
early date and plans made for organiz
ing a league.
Douglas fans are saia to be anxious
to enter a team into a league in which
Bisbee clubs participate end it is like
ly that an effort he nade to place
a cl'ib there. Thove behind the move
ment assert that with the large num
ber of troops stationed at Douglas and
the merchants doing good business
little difficulty should be encountered
in securing a monthly subscription list
which, added to the sum that could be
secured by selling season tickets,
would guarantee enough money to
back a strong club. .
Douglas was one of th best cities
in the old Cactus league several years
Phoenix,
l.oan & r.r.ant. have
to !av nt-Mit oil prov;
field which U :ioa bo-i
' OFFICIALS APPRAISE
RAILROADS IN STATE
bouts of ten an dlifteen round sin the t i-"sprndt nt of
main even: This would not he nnssi ! t'l fullering
hie here neeanse the state law nro-' cects in the
hihit all except four-round amateur ex-j ins drilled: f special car in charge of F. W.
hiliitionr,. such is have been staged! "Mr. J.rnsrn. sine-1 his arrival from ! Smith, and with ten other member"
here by the Y. M. C. A. and the lodges j California on. February 24th. hid spent ; of an Interstate Commerce eommis
in the past, except where bouts are ' several days in thcrouuhly exp'orin , ;ti party bboard. is in Bisbee and
held on military reservatk-ns, as n 1 1' m; rounding eounTy, while the will be here the balance of the week
Douglas. Jlobe. Miami. Bay nd in large ."orc-e of mechanics at work were , while the men sttue data and arrive
other cities. . ' i o'l-pk'in? t'.if 'itt'Tig of tnachlnery at a correct valuation of hie K.1 Paso
Four - round amateur exhibitions .-r tho l"nit?d C :ino. He tame from
cold be staged in full accordance w ith 1 California as he says, uiu -nvir.ce l
the state law governing the subject .hat th?re wis oil in Arizona, end now
hy forming a club and with these con
tests open only to bona fide members
of the club.
There are a n imber of clever amn
teur boxers as wtil as wrestler here
and no dearth of talent fchould be cn
countered. Shows nvght be rir ai
often as once a week lad certainly
twice a month, and there l;'tr qu.i
tion but that a club stiglng rnch aina
te-jr exhibitions would soon have a
membership that woutd mt i' seal
ing capacity of its audi'onum
le fay l.e Is hre To stay, until he
Irina.j in what he belie-, is will be
cne cf the great -s; oil fields in Jhe
country.
"For forty years Johnson '.ia been
brineine in bic oil wells in ditferent
parts of the world, and he states mo t
emphatically tt.Dt In none of the:;o
fields has he seen cil l:idi. ntirn tha:
will e juil "hnse fcun.l bv him on the
Ritter anticline in the Chino valley.
"These gas blowouts appearing
Ai Southw ?s'ern Kuilroad lines near
here.
The headquarters of the party is In j
tan r raiK lseo-and nicst ot tue min
NAVY RECRUITING MAN
LEAVES FOR EL PASO:
SALADINO IN CHARGE
Naval R-H-ruitlng Offiier B. O.
Ilr.rts. with cffii f s hi" the C pp r
Jiie-n dipensary buildinK. yesterdav
r?c?ived orders to repott to Kl Pa-
and lef: on Unt nigi.t's train. John
S::)adiiio. chleT water tender U. S. N-.
' has replaced Harts ss recruiting of
fice,, for the navy in Bisbee.
Mr. Harts expressed regret yester
day when he received orders transfer
ring Mm from Bisbee and said that
re was very sorry to leave this city
that h? wi-hei to thank the peopl
for their assistance In helping secure
n'istments for the war. He also ex
pressed his appreciation to the Cop
per Cue?n for the free use of the re-
; cruiting ofilce.
I While here Mr. Harts trade manv
iftir:ds and these will be sorry
I to h 'in that he has been transferred.
Mr. Harts made a very excelknt rec
ord her" In th number cf enlistment
ago. . I
From ail indications tv.o teams will : SENDS RECRUITS,
be organized at the Calumet Ari-j Lerov and James Sunburg. re-,
zona shafts and it is confidently ex-1 cnljt3 for the quartermaster depart-1
pected that the Copper Queen will ment were forwarded yesterdav from
cme five Ijuncred teet Troni tne arui
iiis ri"r of to? I'ni'ed Cilno. the ,en
eral mcnaeer o' the latter company
rsked if it wculd not be tetter "o move
e diiil'end go down where the gas
again have a club in the field that will , Bisbee by Sergean, Blinman. locl re- tr"",!r!hw?8.? P''"- 1J,
make rival teams hustle to hold their oraiting. officer for the British and : ,eflipd at ,f ln'1. Y'Z p"ced
O'n. ! Canadian armies, to Vancouver. B. C. : one ,ofw thcse b,ow 0Ut3 the '-W
Employes of the Denn-Arizona and 'hv way of Phoenix and San Francisco, i 'ou,d ave 0fT.P ? wso,,'ctne l!!9
Shattuck mines have been talking Botn recruits have been residents of : to h-rd e the a- tecawe ther
baseball and there have been hints this district for some, time , was "h 1" te'ow- and ihat he fcad
teis of the r 'rtv aie Californians. I se -i rta wnirn spKs cigniy mr nis
T-eywork as ar ea t as Wisccnsin ! ,,i'-: nl al: is c-111 ' m-e.
where they win g0 aft?r completing showing the patriotism ofjhe people
estimates here of ,hijl community.
With berths, a diner and all living These desiring to en!in in the navy
accomodations contained In the spe- ,ln'1 :jr Sa!d"io the recniit
cial car the members or t.ie party Hv-; 'ns station In the Copper Queen d w
itca-d and find life comfortably. At fen-ary ready at rny and all times to
lines e ra- moves every dav while f,V! 8Uch Information nd advice a
a?nin it r-i'ains in a cltv"for a week wiU n,ake u possible to enlist in the
or a month, according to the amount ; n"1 branch of Uncle Sam's service.
cf railrcad property that is in a vicin
ity to be appraised.
"At any rate if the gDvernment does
take over the railrords and buys them
from their present owners they will
know what they are actually worth."
s3id Mr. Smith in commenting on the
work being done by hi.' pai.y ani
oilier similar organizations through
out the country.
The members pf the party include
besides Mr. Smith the Ic-Lowine: B.
W. Fcoker. R. Mxrkhsm. H T. Cuffy.
G. S. Yark. W. G. Scollard. W. M.
Meadcws. F. S. Hsckley. F C. Pendle
ton. T. Rounds and W. H. Hofer.
Tte runeral of Mrs. Robert Miller
wJ!l be held from the chapel of the
Palace Undertaking company at 4
o'clock this afternoon.
that the audience took both of the:r
i ness toeet'ier.
! Finally in 1910 "Uncle Bill" lef
Mexico and returned to Els lavorirfja
'. ' ' - i - - ........... ir a t.A i i c , 9
. f ..l. l" ; IJll l J . II'. I i " W iij: -r-.
...... ... ...... v.. .V. .... .. T,v
efforts to be comedy for at anv rate .' '
tlicy got a laugh " " ; -fiD
MEDICAL BOARD WILL
EXAMINE MEN TODAY I
on the San PeJro, in 1910, and
at tiiis ranch cntil three
vears :go wnen ne was sincuen. ies
Hall ai:d R. M. Then pson. his friends
fc- manv ",ars, tcsk charge of him
tien, and accompani?d him to Sweet-
( w-ier. w nere lie reniuiiitu um jeo.u
ea led him. He was born in Tennes
see. November 8. 13?7. cam? to Texas
t M ,.a4Pb nM rnA w.a f Vi mi 1 "
I out his life a resident of the gre?t
Sc.Te fif;e?n or eighteen men sub-! SauthvresU
ject to tbe seiscti". e drar; and rsi-l "
dents of this district wi!l be subject-1 POOPF!
rd to rj-eaniir.-tirn cr further exa-:
mination when tliey appear b"fore!
to? lr.f' n-edirl inifo board at tcej
r;iiteeY.ll 1. .A.-iIi ftenoo
i o'ilo;k. Mep who have been-in-
clud-d ia ihis eAi!iu!iu;i..n have tv:i,
notiric-d to appear. i
The examinations tav? teea ne-es-, . r,-iiiS t0 bc sn artjVe feature in
Bftiited ihrcich tnytake8 of the first York cuib trading tadtv. If
examining b03rd, thrai?h misi-ndsr-l r;g j,pi,(ar for the firt time o
Rtsridis? cr il.ro-i.-:. etoeils Iro.n treje curb thU morning. Many ordr.-
imdines of the firt b-ard. One or'
two additional crcses ' were now i as-'
. CURB MARKET TODAY!
I.
Porphyry Copper company of Globe I
1
i
F eel Weak, Sore
if :
Even Picture
Telia a Stor
sed -m by the fir'. bo. rd but wvre
referred to the advisory l.oard lor
furth?r consideration. These who ?re
to be examined are refinested hy the
board to appear ss e-arly after 2 o'clock
as possible. The board will remain n
session only long enough to a.n;p; te
exiiXir.?.tL".s sc'reduled.
MEN REGISTERED CAN
ENLIST IN SPECIAL
BRANCH OF SERVICE
1 n:v3 "o i ave be:n forwarded
from Arion?. yesterday for prrcl.ai;
at prevailing market price today. T. e
! s:.ui -:i were the fensr .icnril t'.-1 " r
of h:me tra:;:ig 'ast wek, when C
demand fcr the stork in lo:al mar
;les ol the s:ate resulted in Is go
ing !rrm M cents to $1.62. Porphyry
Copper property adjoins the !n ipira
l!: a in t!;e Mi; mi (iSstrict. It has
i ir.ig had a 'eat d?al of confidence
: in that cad the Giobe district. Davel-'--ri'.tat
hai t?ea done in through
J frshion to the 3''0 level, from where
i"frt'i is row being made to the 60o
!!?m1 to iurtr.er cpen ere wiicu pr j
vails above t the "DO level. Equip-'
: r.:cnt of te prop?rty is excellent os
e ;:u-ff-e atid equal to the require
, ments of the produt-ticn period. While
: i' is probably not a United Verde Ex
i tension or Magma. Porphyry Copper
1 extends more likelihood of quickly
renchins the production stage and
Ray P. Krebs, of Ton.bstone. in ,
charge of the draft fcoard announces i
11,1 M:lTa "as p receivea wat;makinR fxwileiit teturns to lnv9stors
young men of this district who de-!at ,his ,ime tnan ha6 nv o:her prop.
sire to enlist aud enter a sp;ial I ertr advanced in the state in quite a
branch of the army service instead . w) 'j!p .
of waiting, for the draft may now be I '
enlisted in th? folloK icg departments: f
Medic3l deparunen
cers training camp
lniantry, t. uowell. faltforrHa. i
Ppru;e production division, avia
tion section, signal corr-s, Vancouver
barracks. Vancouver. Wash.
Coast artillery coins. Ft. McDowell,
Cal.
Transportation will be fjrn!'..2d
from Tombstone to the dini'on.
KegMrasits of draft age w's'-mg to
enlist shcnld make remjest to the
local bard at once. Re-istrants hav
inti:! Greek,-Suitcases,
Much Liquor Are
A re In Custody
Tex Carton last night placed a
G-e:!,- nd?r arrest shoiily atter the
sr.ai had stepped orf from the night
rain and f. charge of bootlegiring will
ing dewndents must secure a v.a:vcr-be placed against him. He gave his
signed by the dnpcndtr.t.
WELL KNOWN WOMAN
DIES AT HOSPITAL
Mrs. Iaura Jane Itei1!ey L!oj-d.
widew cf the late Chries Piry L!ryd.
died y:iterday n:oriiinc at tc Copper
Queen hospital after an Llness of on ?
week.
The deceased was born in Han-ing
Reck. O: io. rid not el to Por.ii;:;:ith,
O.. with her parents when -?ight years
old. She came to Bisbee frou I'oi s
mouth ? Tew years aro aid sin: e re
sided with lier daughter Mrs. Albert
Shee'z.
Mrs. IJoyd leaves many kind friends
here who wre shocked yeste-day to
learn cf her desth. Her hripM pnd
chery disi-itioa made ber loved by
all ho knew her.
Funeral servltes will be held at the
Presbyterian church this evenin? at
6:30 o'clock. The body will be taken
to Porteiitou'h. O.. or in'iment.
(C?-rn.j as jocti Kolloskl.
t The Greek had two suitcases with.
i him wh?n he got off of the train
: t the F P. & S. W. depot and car-
' rit d these as though they contained
' JOMietl-ing, not only heavy but also
1 rrr?ious.
IV Con esfced him for a look nt the
. 'ontents cf the suitcases an 1 disi-ov-ered
that theso contained quart bot
tler, of whiskey. Kolloski didn't evea
l ae rcom left for a srare change of
T!. V. I.":'s or an extra collar so tight
ly did he have the beetles of liquor
packed in the suitcases.
Not satisfied with this arrest Dar
trn picked up a suspect and is hold
ing him for investigation. The young
min. Jack Davidson, hails from Gal
vcrton ar.d asserts thnt he was not
v.cn'.yone years of age until after
tYe draft law was passed. If this
tr?v?s to he the cap? he will be re
leased. Otherwise he will be detained
as slacker.
H. H. HotchkiH and P K. Vosse of
Phoenix are registered e the Copper
Queen hotel.
GREB BEATS DILLON
TCI. EDA. O.. Mar. 4 Jack Dillon
of Indianapolis took a heavy beating
. at the hands of Harry Greb of Pitts
burg in their 12 round no decision bout
, here tonight. Dillon fought on the de
: fensive with Greb showering almost
countless blows upon his opponent.
,The men fought at catch weights.
l
i ' i, H fmk f- -- -M Mi -
i "V- tiffin " rfc,
ill III I iPSM
and A
?
vait for worse troubles to seize you.
time-tried, world famous kidney remedy has helped your friends and
should help you.
ARE you lame every morning; dull
and tired all day? Tortured with
dull, throbbing backache or sudden
stabs of sharp pain? Perhaps you have
tried to get at it with plasters and
liniments; but they do little good if
your kidneys are weak. If you have
dizzy headaches, lameness, rheumatic
twinges, and kidney irregularities, don't
Get a box of Doan's Kidney Pills today. This
neighbors and
lead What Bisbee People
Say:
CHIHUAHUA HILL.
W. W. Grisly, retired miner. Chihuahua H'll,
say 3: -When a man gets to be "2 years old lie is
very cot to have some trouble with his kidneys.
Several yerrs ago my kidneys got out of order and
the muscles of my balk became lame and wk and
hurt me every time I bent over. My kiuneys becam"
weal: and inactive. The kidney secretions were highly '
coicr?d. I felt very much run down when I began
taking Doan's Kidney Tills, but two boxes fixed me
up in good shape. Since then I have used Doan's
off and on and they have kept my kidneys well and
my bark strong."
B. O. K. TRAIL.
Mrs. J. Critchlow. 70 B. O. K. Trail, says: "Doan's
Kidney Pills are the finest kidney remedy I know ci
and I am only too glad to recommend them. Several
yearn ago 1 vaj. feeling miserable with kidney
t rmi hie.. I suffered w'tli awful headaches and when
I tried ia pick up anything, sharp pains would catch
n.e in my back. Often black spots seemed to float
before my eyes and my sight was blurred. I felt
s!l run dou when 1 began using Doan's Kidney Tills,
b :t th relieved me immediately. Two boxes com
pletely and permanently cured me oi ail kidney
ir. u!:le"
HIGH ROAD.
Mrs. R, E. Covi-.Kton. 207 High Road, says:
"I was suffering awfully with my kidneys. My back
ached all the time, making my housework burden
some. Any wcrk. such as sweeping and ducting,
which made me bend ever was especially hard. My
kidneys were very v eak nnd caused mo a lot c
anncyaaca. I also was annoyed by nervous, dizzy
t-pelts and 1 feit all out of sorts. In almost no f.rae
Doan's Kidney Pills heloed me and I was soon cured
cf all kidney disorder."
TEM3Y AVENUE.
A. E. Crawford, tailor. 179 Temby Ave., says:
"I had severe pains in my back and sharp twinges
would : Tot up bot teen iny shouluers This made
my work very hard. 1 used Doan's Kid'.ey Pi'.ls as
iMi-cted and they were just what I needed. They
entirely cured my trouble and I felt better all over."
(Statement given May S. 191.1
(In febru.-.ry 14. 1917. Mr. Crawford said: "I rec
ommended Doan's K'dney Pills about four year? ago
and I am now glad to say that I think as much as ever
of ii.ein. Tl ey nut n.y kidneys in coed shape and
occasional uie since has kert my kidneys in god
onditira "
OPERA DRIVE.
John Woh'.schlegel. prop, of milk business. Opera
Drive. Box No. 9S2, says: "About eight years ago
my k'dneys were badly disordered. The muscles of
my back became weak and lame and !iarp. knife
like r";na would catch me eTery time I bent over.
The weak, irregular action of my x.aneys bothered
me a whole lot. too. 1 bought Doan's Kidney Fills
at the Central Pharmacy and in a short time they
cured me."
QUALITY HILL.
.tlrs. R, A. Phillips. 34 Quality HilL says: "My
kidneys- and back were bothering me awfully. When
I bent over I could hardly straighten aganand sharp
pains wculd shoot through my back. I was bothered
by diziy spells and black spots seemed to dance
before my eyes. I always felt tired and restless
and I didn't feel like doin, my housework. Doan's
Kidney Pills were recommended and 1 tried them.
Thev soon removed all the trouble. 1 have kept
my kidneys well and strong by using a few of Doan's
oteasiona'.ly since then."
"sis'
11
dney
'Pi IK
Every Druggist has Doan's, 60c a box. Foster-Milburn Co., Manufacturing Chemist, Buffalo, N. Y.
I
!
i FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY MORNING, MARCH 5, 1918.
Elfc Steins DaiUt Slrmriit
Published Every Day Except Monday By the
State Consolidated Publishing Company.
CULLEN A. CAIX.
.Editor and General Manager
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
The Associated Press is exclusively entitled to the
use for republication of all news dispatches credited to
It or not otherwise credited to this paper and also the
local news published herein.
All rights rf republication of special dispatches herein
are also reserved.
Entered as Second Class Mail Matter at Bisbee, Arizona,
Under Act of March 8, 1879.
Subscription Rates, Payable In Advance:
PER MONTH
THREE MONTHS
SIX MONTHS
TWELVE MONTHS
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per year
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per quarter.
.$ .71
2.25
. 4 00
. 7.60
. 2.50
. .75
No Subscription Taken For Less Than 75 Cents.,
Tuesday Morning, March 5, 1918.
GERMANY'S HOLLOW VICTORY.
Hun hordes are overrunning Russia.
Bolshevik leaders have been forced into a
disgraceful peace pact, which has availed
them nothing. Teuton armies have pressed
past Pskov, and are hulling their forces
forward upon Petrograd. Railroads to the
capital city are being torn up to starve out
the Bolshevik resistance. And Germany
bids fair to take that great slice of Russian
empire between Petrograd and the kaiser's
domain.
The Hun has accomplished a victory of
arms. He has beaten back demoralized
Bolshevik armies. He has stormed and cap
tured city after city. He has taken great
supplies of cannon,, small arms, ammuni
tion and motorized war material. He has
captured territory and extended his frontier.
But what has he gained? His reported
terms of peace offered to the Bolsheviki
confess two overpowering greeds: greed
for raw materials in a four billion dollar
indemnity; and a still rampant territorial
greed. His peace with Ukraine has con
firmed his need of grains and foodstuffs.
He has dealt with the Bolsheviki, repre
senting less than ten per cent of the popu
lation of Russia. He has bartered, bullied,
bruised, abused, and betrayed to rush his
armies up to Petrograd.
He has reckoned without the great mass
of Russia, however. The real Russia is 85
per cent living on the land, the peasant
proprietor, the peasant" communities whc
own communal lands, their vxm'. horses:,'
cattle, food. They have a stake in the
country to lose. With the advance of the
Huns they are realizing the real issues
preached by the Bolsheviki. They are
turning away from socialistic and anar
chistis theories. They have already refused
to let their stores of food stuffs go to the
Russian cities. Is it likely that they will
readily send them to Berlin and Vienna,
whence come those who would deprive
them of their dearly purchased freedom
and their lands?
And what of the reaction of this peasant
proprietor? They will not accept peace of
the Bolshevik type, or -submit. Thev have
already begun a guerilla warfare of obstruc
tion, fighting in defense of Petrograd.
Many of the nation's millions cre rising up
to harras the rear of advanced columns, or
block these columns marching toward their
capital. Always impervious, emerged from
a Hun autocracy to undergo an anarchistic
autocracy, swayed by crazy excesses and
unwholesome impulses, and suddenly
brought to a realization that they have been
duped by Bolshevik visionaries and cats
paws, they will remain impervious. Hun
generals and diplomats will have no easy
time in solidifying or securing the fruits ot
either peace pact or conquest.
Hun greed for raw materials and food '
stuffs will not be, slaked so long as the Rus
sian peasant remains awake to the danger
threatening. Greed of territory may be
slaked in spite of the Russian peasant, but
only through cruelty and excesses against
the peasant more drastic than those prac
ticed by the Hun in Belgium. And with
neither of these hungers satisfied. Teuton
victory in Russia, so dearly bought, must
be as hollow as those earlier victories of
arms.
And in Germany? Political flames of
unrest are given added material on which
to flare up. Teuton soldiers and workmen
have fraternized with Russians, have heard
of the Russian freedom, read Russian
propaganda, talked of Russian democracy.
How does a Teuton demarid for four bil
lions indemnity and rich Russian provinces
comfort with the principle of no annexa
tions and no indemnities and consent of
the governed? Can a surrender of Russia
agreed to by a Bolshevik minority, or the
exploitation of it, be easy or dependable.
To the world and the Allies. Germany
has revealed again in this hollow victory so
dearly purchased, her treachery, her de
bauchery, her brutality, her cruelty, and her
blood-stained, mail-fisted hand of greed.
She ha3 made more firm the Allied deter
mination to battle for a real victory and
genuine, lasting peace. She has given the
world an object lesson in tragedy, she has
placed in the balance Russian democracy,
and she has convinced the Allies that in the
end they must save the Slav empire to free
dom and democracy, by saving themselves.
THAT SNIPING AT EL PASO.
What El Paso and the immediate vicinity
needs is a General George Langhorne. The
military of the El Paso district have been
seeking a solution of the problem which
they confront because of the numerous in
stances of firing by Mexican federal troops
across the international line, the wounding
of many United States soldiers, and the
constant fear that even more daring atroci
ties'may at any moment be committed. A'
General George Langhorne would solve El
Paso's problem.
General Langhorne is a cavalry com
mander. Last fall, with his reglnient, he
was sent into the Big Bend district of
Texas, the wildest, roughest, most tortu
ous, most dangerous district ' along the
entire Mexican border. His duty was to
patrol the border, to guard against Mexican
raids, to protect the interests of American
ranchers, and cattlemen of Texas, and to
maintain a strict surveillance of affairs
Mexican along the Rio Bravo.
General Langhorne delivered the goods
in such manner that Mexicans along his
"watch of the Rio Grande have come to
look on the United States border patrol as
something to fear rather than something
to fire on in target practice. Mexican bands
crossed the river and raided an American
ranch. General Langhorne acted. Tne re-'
suit was that troop? of United States cav
alry rode through the turbulent waters of
the Rio Bravo, into Mexico, and exter
minated the first band of outlaws. Bandits
again raided on Christmas night at the Brite
ranch. Again General Langhorne acted
and another bandit organization -vtas com
pletely eliminated 'from the muddled poli
tics of Chihuahua. And now when General
Quien Sabe wishes to raid, he moves up or
down the nver and commits his depreda
tions far from the wide trail of General
Langhorne and his troops.
Action of this dispatch and thoroughness
would soon bring a halt to the promiscu
ous firing across the line above and below
El Paso. Parleys such as are now being
held between officers of the Mexican .gov
ernment at Juarez and American army
officers and government officials, will
likely have little effect. Demoralization is
the keynote of the Mexican federal army,
and even if their commanders do not sanc
tion sniping tactics, the federals will likely
continue their target practice in American
patrols.
One object lesson to a Mexican is worth
more than a dozen threats.
Elihu Root: "Let us be warned by poor
Russia's present position. Trie Bolsheviki
were very eloquent about peace, 'without
annexation or indemnities, and they filled
the minds of Russian soldiers and workmen
with the idea to such an extent that they
stepped fighting and tnaking munitions.
But when they go to Brest- Litovsk, they (
found what the leaders probably knew all
along that Germay had no intention of
making any such peace. She wanted the
Baltic provinces of Russia. She seized
and purposes to keep them, and Russia,
having stopped fighting in favor of the
kind of peace she admired, finds herself in
a position where for the present she has
nothing whatever to say about the kind of
peace there shall be. We must beware of
anything in the remotest degree approach
ing that."
According to Dr. Henry Noble Mc
Cracken, president of Vassar college,
American women "are wasting time and
effort in ineffectual forms of war work."
But we note that the Red Cross is lending
vital assistance at home and abroad, that
the women are the backbone of the war
stamp campaign, and that they have un
complainingly given their sons and hus
bands to the nation's army.
The action of Secretary of Labor Wilson
in ordering the wholesale arrest and de
portation of anarchists, agitators and I. W.
W. members, preachers of the doctrine of
unrest, indicates that the department is at
last coming to the realization that the
United States can best prosecute its war
without the heavy hand of the kaiser's
agents o retard its industries.
Political Gossip
Kittle politics ws contemplated
last Sa'urdav evening wnen th BIs
'ec oCr.e. No fi?l. H P O. E'ks. hell
their annutM celebration of lie found
atlon of the organization. But be
iore the evening closed at least one
political rally and argument had
eri?n, and one of the candidates for
eovenor cn the democratic ticket
had been led by local politicians to
disclosing his hand, making more or'
'ess frank statement, and aliening
himself with th? more, radical ele
ments ct the state.
Fred Colter, state senator from
Apache county, and candidate for the
democratic nomination, was tne only
state candidate who took advantage
of th? Elks annual celebration to do
politics in Bisbee. He had carried
here on the even preceedir.g the com
memoration exercises, and remained
over to be anions those attending. He
was introduced by friends to many
lcsl Klks and visiting Bills from
Tombstone. DourIbs. Naco. Iluachuca
and other points. He remained at the
e-elebraticn during most of the night.
Late in the evening Colter and His
tee residents became engaged in ar
guments including several plows of
the past administration of this state
under the present governor. Colter
expressed himself fre?ly . due
course to the excitement and other
contribu'.ing factors with which he
rad been furnished. He upheld the
Hunt administration, admitted that he
s relying to - large extent on the
friends of the governor for his sup
port, and In other manners indicafHl
i hat he will go before the people on
a platform of radicalism, lie did
net, however, state on what measure-i
r planks he will make his campaign.
SUHMAKIXKS OK () SU1JM AKINESr
Reports from Phoanix of the past ;
two days indicate that it is very prob
able a woman will be among those
seeking the nomination in the demo
cratic primaries for secretary of state,
to succeed Sidney P. Osbora, incum-l
bent, who has announced himself as
candidate for the gubernatorial norul
'.rticn. Polly Olivier, 'or-the past two
wars a member of the secretary!
-l?rical force, for the past ten years!
an active worker for the democraiic
patiy. and known to every democrat
in the state, is mentioned as this poa-;
.Mt'e candidate. ;
Miss Oliver is a native of this state.)
Sbs was reared at Fort Whipple, Ya-i
-rpai c"uny. near Prescott and spe.it j
her girlhood days in the pincclad;
hills of Arizona's most beautiful di-!
trict. She attended the schools at .
Prescott, and later worked in several!
eeal oftics in the Mile Hit!) city. )
For several years Miss Oliver has
been active in affairs political in the
state. She was among the workers,
for woman's suffrage, and assisted in I
large measure in securing this law 1
for Arizona. She has been-an attache;
of the state constitutional convention i
and of each succeeding legislature, Q p Henderson of Tombstone, who
ncce that date. Prior to statehood ; wag arpolnted 8late disbursing otficer
she was m attache la several of the h G w p Hunt lime ago
!e"" 6 .f w UtI 1 was in Tombstone yesterday, having
-Polly is well known to the politi-, cinie dc.wn f Phoenl3t. ,t ,s not
cians or ue w,j a oemocra., known wmU WM the na,urp of Hta.
who has been acUvelnthe prtyserv- aer50I1.8 vjsjt t3 Tonibstone although
' , ... ' 1 v ,;, , ... ;
State and County News Briefs
County Jiriefs
ice dui nas Deen accoraea me Pn-i w
his
Hjge oi meeuug mis woman iroiu id- ,, imer,11 hP.r4,
vapaL She is astute, clever in politic-j '
al management., and faithful to the.
party and party m-mbrs. She is Chas. A. Hrth. son of Mr. and Mrs.
recognized as one of the mot,t valuable' H. T. Firth or Aravaipa Anzona who
,n i iho r.r nH nn f t.h nlist3d in Company D. 20th Kngin-
best and most thorough workers the
eers i Fores" ry). aad sailed for France
i on ti:e Tuscauia, w hich was torpedoes
Cubs, saying that he could arrange to
bring the Cubs here April C or 7 for
an exhibition game, provided he
could be guaranteed $."(k and 50 r?r
cent, of the gross receipts. Mr. Vor-
Brief State Notes
A letter from Howar.l Smith at
Women of the state will rally to u " uclmaB uino wi n iu of wis community was a unit in
the cause of Miss Oliver strongly. It of Ireland, has landed safMy. Mrs. faVor of granting It. Altogether 6S
is reported from Phoenix that they are rJrtn- is visiting in .ew dtk
Mreadv urging her to enter the race. 'City, received ?. cablegram from
and that th?y will swing their full ' Charles announcing that he was alive
force to her banner. Men of theiand "e"- -m-tate
will support her freely and wil-j ,
linely, since hey have se"n her in' Johnnie Park, of.te Gadsden hotel,
party affairs and know wbers sle gave Percy Bowden, d"puty sheriff, a
stands and how she works. It is pos-jrun yetserday morning when the of-
rison said yesterday be believed thia Camp Kearney, Cal., brought the news
amount couM be raised. It is hoped lo "vingman or nis advancement to tne
to stsse the game here Sunday. April rank wr corporal
7. The plan is to organize a picked , ,'
team of soldiers and civilians to play Every resident of the Globe-Miami
the Cubs. district is urged to be vacvinated eltn-
; er by their individual vhysiciana or
The special elation held Tuesday ,bv the countT health oft.cer.
February 26lh. at Willcox. for the'
purpose of voting to grant a fran-! N'ogales buried its first war dead,
chise to the Mountain States Tela- being the body of Raymond Barnes,
phone Co., passed off without any wno d'ed at Camp Lewi. The serv
tippl? of excitement and the result ,c,f8 wer conducted atong military
,of the voting showed that practically lines n1 wfre unusually impressive.
sible that if she enters the rare men ; ?icer started to arrest him on a charge
contending for the honors will have of bootlegging. Park dodged in the
an even harder battle than were the! side dcor of the hotel, Bowden right
contest left to male entrants alone. I after him. Park had a bottle of
Others who have been mentioned j whiskey in his pocket when arrested
'n cccaeclion with the office are Mit i and scon paid a fine on a charge
Simms. of Graham county, and Dick j of having lipuor in his possession. The
McGillen. of Maricopa county. liothjdcpuy sheriff said Park hid a .38 call-
demo 1 ere automatic in the totei just be
j f:re he grabbed him, but Park would
rot claim possession of the gun.
are well
crais.
known,
constructive
Are Arrested
For Burglary
Now that the Arizona Gil and Relin-
vc.es were ca?t. 67 for and 1 against, inr Company hat Hpuddiu) in its first
The telephone company will now im-; well in Cbino valley, and the extensive
mediately proceed to reconstruct their drilling op-jration j are uaaer way. the
present system and instal an up-to- eyes of the count rv are on the new oil
date system which will be a credit to neias.
i.e City of Willcox. Nothing is more .
acgrevating than a troublesome photie Twenty small toys are under sen
system and this will be obviated in'tence for the robbery of a warehouse
ih3 future. in Kingman of :so bottles of "near
j beer," secured by the cutting of a hole
Articles of incorporation yesterday J,lst large enough to admit tha small,
were filed In the office of the state r their number,
corporation commission by the follow-. , -
ing: Casa Grande Farms and IV?vel-; Walter Travis, who admitted "fram
opment company, the McNeil Printing ; Ing up" a holdup at Midland City that
company. resulted in a fatal shooting was sen-
I tenced in the superior court of Gila
In conformance with the policy ' county to tiom one to fourteen years
adopted by the federal government the Jin the state penitentiary,
land department ot Arizona will pro-1 ' 1
tect the lights of soldiers who have Plans for mutual protection and to
acquired . ights in the public lands ot assist the government in carrying on
the state. Men in the --ervice wao i the w ar to a successful issue, were laid
have interests in any of Arizona's pub-, out at the eleventh annual conference
lie lands v ill not lose title to these j ot the Arizona Cattle Growers associa-
I Thcmas E. Campbell, who served
during last year as governor of the
! 3tate, arrived in Douulas yesterday
morning on business connected with
he state council of defense ors&niza-
hion. This organization was Xormd . lands because of inability to pay their tion at Nogales,
i by the acting governor last spring regular installments on such land. This
Four Mexicans are now in the cityje'en after this country joined our al-j policy has been adopted y the land
anil county jails .charged with the i lies in the war. The ex-governor is j department, following an opinion, hand
burglary of the Lage. room in the j noting mstiy of his friends :JJ!t :
stood that his visit at this time is in ! torney general
conniction with the organization of a
county deten.se council.
I orkie house and another room on
Orra drive. All of the stolen goods
have heen recovered with the excep
tion of a vett. Deputy Sheriff Howe
while in ClifUn and Morenci recov
ered the diamond rini cui'f buttons,
ornrroat and a part of two suits of
clothes that were taken from t.he tw.i
rooms. He also secured a confession
fiom Torres that lead to the arrest
of two other Mexicans. After he ar
rived last nistt Police Officers Kemp
The Willcox community was shock
ed at the announcement of the sud
den death of Vera Ellis, wife of Joe
W. Ellis, at their home on Woodland
ranch west of Willcox Saturday morn
ing. About a we"k betore she gave
birth to Baby girl, and mother anil
child were apparently doing well, but
ton. Huff and Hardwick. with Deputy ! cou-plicstions developed, septic poison
Sheriffs How-? and Gannon made aling set in causing death. She was
search of Chihuahua Hill and aires - burled in the Sunset cemetery Sunday,
cd ths ether Mexicans and found the 'be funeral being attended by a very
Within six months the Verde Tun
' ni l & Smelter railroad will be hand
, ling freight and local passengers be
tween Jerome and Clarkdale, accord
j ing to H. DeWItt Smith, superintend
ent of the I'nited Verde trine.
Kidney Sufferers Have Feel
ing of Security.
balance of the plunder that was taken
:ut oT tre rooms.
The officers so far have been un-tbl-
to locate any goods that were
stolen from other residences but have
hop?s of securing, some admissions
from some of the men under arres
large number of friends and relatives.
Kev.'J. C. lienn -tt officiated.
The Cot hise Graham Cattle Grow
ers' association w-t!l meet t Wiilf-ox
tor a two days session on .Yla'ch lith
I nrt Ifith CnmmittPBA have heen iin-
bt-fore they get through that will con-1 jointed bv 'he president. II. L. J;hn-
TTt them with the other burglaries Lyon, who ar now at work prepirtmrj
r.d mav !ad to the recovery of somei 'hs details of the celebration, and will 1
Announcement of the convening of
Mhe Federkl District court tor its regu
i lar Mrach session, to take place in
You naturally feel secure when yu i Pre on March l!. was announced
know that the medicine you are about ywterday. Irank H. P.ldkin. lulled
to take Is absolutely pure and contains , states district Judge of th eastern dis
no harmful or habit producing drugs. ' lT'ct-,N!,W ork "ute- U to icite-
Such a nwMiicine is Dr. Kilmer s The April term will open on the first
Swamp-Root, kldnev. liver and bladder I ot tnat n,,,ntn in this city
remedy. , I "
The sama Ktandard of purity, strength A judgment of JfiOOrt was given Col.
nf i.vn..tt..n A. i., jn ... ..... ( h M rUK V 1 1 H rri ii H (n( irtf rwnvnl nf
i. am.1 urn i i r, iiiaiiivatitcu iu 1 1 1.1 J i -- wuw.u... ....w. -
bottle of Swamp-Root. Arizona, against the Arizona Publish-
Swamp-Koot is scientifically coin-j ln8 company by a Jury which heard
pounded from vegetable herbs. j the libel case In Judge Stanford's di-
It is not a stimulant and is taken in l vision of the superior crurt. The ver
tesspoonful doses. diet, signed by nin of th? twelve Jury-
It Is not recommended for every- men. was reached afte deliberations
thing. j extending over a period 01 three hours.
Arcording to verifiwl testimony it Is The plaintitf souriit to '-H-jver daraag
nature s great helpxr in r lievin"g and j s to the extent of Hi).0i
overcoming kidney, liver and bladder i The action was based on an article
troubles.
Jublished in the .'rizor.t Republican
if
e stolen stuff.
Mexicans I spare no
will le given a preliminary within
next few davs.
he r cession.
i
pains to make this
The visitors
Sin!! cine mil's ire to be Installed
it the sial institutions where farni
irjr is an adjunct, according to an an
nouncement made yesteidny at tbe
commission of state instit it ions. Sor
ghum is to be Planted V the various
st te farms and a sugar substitute dustry of this e 'i-.in
man itactured for consumption at the
etate Institutions during the ctntlnua
tion of the war as a wartime economy
and an aid to the Hoover campaign. It
is stated.
i k, " ii, every bo'tlc of Dr. Kilmer s Swamp-! This story dealt with th effort of
in tie roaiij . . R(K)t ; Governor Campbell to r-move the ad-
If you need a medU inc, you should jutant general from office; of the send
have the het. ; ing of a letter bv 'he governor to the
on s events. If you are alrcudv convinced that : adjutant general reque;n:i his ret.tg-
A number of matters of Importance , o....,,.-,; w., ...... ,, .. .ni ; nation to tska ftr-t -ho fnllnnrinv
entertained. A Inrse attendance Is
xrect 'd pnd it will be one of the tea-
o te ,?ui.n;en it tnis sen on wi.i f,nd on saIo a, a dns hfor(!. ,n N,.. ; Av.g 1. In the publication It was stat
protect as well J advan-e this i:i- '
diistry, which is s'ill the lesdluz in-
tlea ot two siz. medium and large. ; ed that h resignation had been re
However. If you wish tirst to try I quested becttuse of a report "which
this grrst preparation sei l ten cents had been characterized cs seditious."
to Dr. Kilmer A Co.. Binrhamton. N. ' In the complaint. Adj. 'Jen. Harris al
Y.. for a amule Nittle. When writina '. leged that the PuVicatHj.i was malic-
M. It. Morrisein and C. R. Srctt of he stire and mention the Bisbee Dully ious wit Intent to .o h.i . personal In-
ine i oiiKia iisei!aii i mid yes;eruay KeTlew
lecelved leieknini from Waller
CraU.fc.-ad. mauauT o! Ihe Chicago. REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS gation
Adv. 629 ; jury. Efforts of the pt.Ontiff Were
chiefly directed to iuia! ;lng that ale- THE BiSBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY MORNING, MARCH 5, 1918.
FIVE
T'ON THE LEVEL" WILL
Startling Disclosures
E chino vai
jley
H. M. JOHNSON, CHIEF DRHJ-ER OF THE UNITED CHINO
OIL & REFINING COMPANY, DISCOVERS GAS BLOW OUTS
WHICH HE STATES POSITIVELY CAN ONLY BE CAUSED
FROM HEAVY GAS . PRESSURE FROM BELOW, DEMON-
STRATING. IN HIS OPINION, THE ACTUAL EXISTENCE OF
A LARGE OIL POOL IN THE CHINO VALLEY.
Driller H. M. Johnson, who arrived in the Chino Valley field one week ago
to take charge of the drilling operations of the UNITED CHINO OIL & REFIN
ING COMPANY, is one of the most enthusiastic men who has ever been in the
field and there have been dozens of oil experts there before him who have placed
their stamp of approval on the development of this Valley.
During this last week Driller Johnson, in company with the General Man
ager of the UNITED CHINO, made a thorough exploration of the property of
the UNITED CHINO and discovered two big gas blow-outs only a short distance
from where the standard drilling equipment of this company if set up ready to
start drilling, and gave as his opinion that not only would we bring in oil in the
CHINO VAI I FY, but that he believed beyond any doubt that the CHINO VAI..
LEY WOULD BECOME ONE OF THE GREATEST OIL PRODUCING DIS
TRICTS OF THE COUNTRY. f ...
These gas blow outs, which appear directly on the anticline so prominently
outlined in the geological reports of Dr. E. Ritter and Geologist Ronald Sager, are
connected by a crack in the anticline, this crack connecting the two blowouts
demonstrating, according to the theories of srreat oil men and geologists, that
THERE IS OIL BELOW IN LARGE QUANTITIES, and that it is not far below
the surface. Driller Johnson, in speaking of the indications, staed that in his
opinion we would get a flowing well at not more than ?,500 feet, because he did
not believe that any gas pressure could cause such prominent blow-out3 from a
depth much in excess of 1,500 feet.
What This Means to You and lo Arizona
You MUST realize what this most recent indication in the CHINO VALLEY
means to you, provided you answer the knock of opportunity and get in on the
most popular company in the CHINO FILD, THE UNITED CHINO OIL & . RE
FINING COMPANY. And you must realze what it is going to mean to ARIZONA
when we bring in an oil field in the CHINO FIELD. Furthermore, do you net
appreciate the fact that this latest opinion by Driller Johnson, a man who is recog
nized as one of the great oil drillers of the West, means much in support of the
theories of eminent geologists who have examined the CHINO VALLEY and stated
that the indications were favorable? ?
UNITED CHINO OIL AT 3c NOW
Should appeal to you as the most logical buy in the Chino Valley field today, for
reasons almost too numerous to mention. For instance:
CUR WELL WILL BE DRILLED DIRECTLY ON THE ANTICLINE DE
SCRIBED IN THE REPORT OF THE EMINENT FRENCH OIL GEOLOGIST.
DR. ETIENNE RITTER.
IT IS ON THIS ANTICLINE AND BUT A FEW HUNDRED FEET FROM
OUR DRILLING RIG, THAT THE BIG GAS BLOW OUT WERE DISCOV
ERED BY DRILLER JOHNSON.
WE ARE NOT GOING TO MOVE THE RIG CLOSER TO THE BLOW
OUTS. BECAUSE MR. JOHNSON BELIEVES THAT IT WOULD BE DAN
GEROUS TO DO SO, AND STATES THAT HE WOULD NOT TAKE
CHANCES BY DRILLING TOO CLOSE TO THE CAS BLOW OUTS.
OUR PROPERTY, WHERE OUR COMPLETE STANDARD DRILLING
EQUIPMENT AND STANDARD 84-FOOT DERRICK IS NOW SET UP, IS
CONCEDED BY EMINENT OIL MEN TO BE THE BEST LOCATED
GROUND IN THE FIELD. AND WITHOUT EXCEPTION THE OLD EXPERI
ENCED OIL MEN WE HAVE IMPORTED. FROM CALIFORNIA HAVE BE
COME SO ENTHUSIASTIC ABOUT THE POSSIBILITIES THAT THEY ARE
TAKING STOCK IN THE COMPANY FOR A LARGE PORTION OF THEIR
WAGES.
WE WILL POSITIVELY START DRILLING OUR WELL NEXT SATUR
DAY, MARCH 9th, and we could start earlier, but we want to have everything
in fine shape so that there wiii be no delays after starting want everything in
shape so that we can continually hammer away with three shifts, for 24 HOURS
EVERY DAY.
There is marked activity in the Chino Valley, and numerous companies are
making rapid progress toward active development, but we positively believe the
UNITED CHINO WILL BE THE FIRST TO PROVE UP THE FiLLD. BE
CAUSE OF THE MARKED SUPERIORITY OF OUR STANDARD EQUIP
MENT, AND THE FACT THAT WE WILL DRILL 24 HOURS DAILY.
The Chino Valley Certainly Looks Like It Is Going to
Mke Many People cf This Siate Independently Wealthy
The policy of this company, since its organization; has been one of conserv
atism. We have not made any promises that we have not kept we have only
promised to spend the money intrusted with us by you and your friends in a
straightforward, business-like manner and this we have done. This company has
just prepared and filed with the ARIZONA CORPORATION COMMISSION, a
financial report that we believe to be of one of the best, if not the best, ever filed
by a similar company operating in this stale. That is all that we have, promised.
BUT NOW, WITH THE RECENT DISCLOSURES MADE BY DRILLER
JOHNSON AND THE ENTHUSIASTIC WAY IN WHICH HE AND HIS ASSO
CIATES WHO ARE TO HELP HIM DRILL OUR FIRST WELL HAVE GONE
INTO THE PROPOSITION, WE ALMOST FEEL LIKE PROMISING THAT WE
WILL BRING IN OIL. IT LOOKS LIKE A WINNER. THERE IS NO QUES
TION ABOUT THAT. AND WE EARNESTLY BELIEVE. MORE FIRMLY
THAN EVER BEFORE, THAT IN LESS THAN SIX MONTHS TIME THE
UNITED CHINO OIL & REFINING COMPANY WILL BRING IN OIL IN COM
MERCIAL QUANTITIES IN THE CHINO VALLEY.
Remember, We Start Drilling Saturday, March 9th
The time in which you can buy this stock at 3 cents down and 2 cents more
when oil h being produced in commercial" quantities, is growing short very short.
When the drill starts we will be justified in raising the price and you certainly
owe it to yourself to GET IN ON THIS NOW, before you have to pay more for
it. TAKE ALL YOU CAN the main thing is to DO IT NOW THIS PAYDAY
at the present price. SEE OUR LOCAL REPRESENTATIVE, or write to the
office of the company direct. DO IT TODAY FOR BIG OIL PROFITS. .
UNITED CHINO OIL & REFINING CO.
PhnpniY Anmnn
BISBEE OFFICE Sasse Candy Store and No. 7 Main Street, Opposite P. O.
IS WESTERN PICTURE
From the canyonlike streets of the
largest city In the country to the real
canyons of Arlzonf and Mexico Is the
theatrically termed "Jump" taken by
Fannie Ward recently. Upon comple
tion of "The Crystal Gazer." which
was filmed in New York. Miss Ward
set out for the wst according to her
custom of filming a picture In what-
i ever location the script calls for. "On
the Level her most recent picture
i was filmed almost entirely among the
: mountains and in the plains of Mexico
I "On the Level" will be shown at the
i Eagle theatre today.
I This is a photoplay that will have
I an especially universal appeal because
i of the diversity cf characters ana piac
i es shown. From "cultured" .easterner
to western minar ana cowboy and the
! dance-hall girl they are all in the pic
j ture sooner or later and many more.
I Each character has been painted at
with the skilled brush of a famous ar
I tlst by director George H. Meiford
j who has been responsible tor many of
i Miss Ward's previous successes such
1 as "The Crystal Garer." which was
the very popular picture preceding
On the Level.
FIGHTING FARNUM IS
AT ORPHEUM TODAY
i
! All the world loves fighter. That
is why William Farnum. who is pre
i eminently the fighting man of the
screen, is one of the favorites of the
j silent drama. The distinguished Will
; lam Fox star has literally smashed
; and bruised his way to photoplay fame
i because of the. strength of his hard
l right arm.
j None of Farnum's battles has been
I "stagey." The famous player has bat
i tered his war to victorv each time.
i Now he is pitted against a roan still
more rugged and probably as powerful
as himself.
This man is Walter Law, who is
I cast for an important part in "The
Heart of a Lion, showing at the Or-
t fuuuui luuMy, iiiBunet) buq evening,
i Law has acted in many William Fox
j productions and is counted as one of
the most herculean members of the
film profession. Ke weighs 225 pounds
i stands 6 ft. 1 in. high, has a 37-in.
waist and a chest measurement of 41
in. His entire build is greater than
that of his adversary, but Farnum has
never quaked in the slightest before
superior size.
So if you want to see a real haru-
! mer-and-tones. ru-and-at-'em hnut.
! watch for the picture. The fight is I
sure to be the best in the history of :
I the photoplay because both cf the con-1
I testants have a hankering for the vig-1
I!
''DOUBLE GROSSED" AND
GEORGE COHAN FILM
AT CENTRAL THEATRE
i "Double Crossed ' is the nifty offer
j ing by Harry Bernard's Musical Merry
makers tonight at the Central theatre
1 in Lowell. The bill is an unusually
strong one and In addition to the fun
i ny one act farce comedy there will be
a George M. Cohan five act Artcraft
film entitled the "Seven Keys to Bald
1 pate." This film version cf the pop-
ular stage hit is unusually good,
j The Bernard Merrymagers will show
at the Central all this week and are
j expected to play (o capacity houses as
j their offerings were well received
there last week and were of a high
class character.
Bisbee Boy Shot
By Stranger;
Leaves Douglas
Frid Wollman of Bisbee regards
himself as extremely lucky and owes
his lfle to tht fact that a Dngias man
was a very pcor shot with a high,
powered rifle.
Through a case of mistaken identity
Wcllman was shot at ia Douelas by
a nan with a large caliber rifle Sun
day morning- The bullet cut a hole
tbrouph the sleeve of Wollman's niack
in but did not touca him.
According to Woolman's story hj
was walking down C street ia Dou
glas early Sunday when a man step
ted o'lt from behind a fence a short
distance away and fired at him. Wall
man says he was too surprised to run
and that the man walked up to him
anl shotetl a Ports' -five caliber r
volver into his midsection and then
after taking a good look at him turn
ed white and started down ti e street
saying be had mistaken Wollmaa for
someone els?.
"It wasn't until then that I noticed
that the shot which he had fired at
me had cut a hole irt the loose part
of the sleeve of my macUnaw oppo
site my wrist. I was well satisfied
to U". the nn go and believe me I i
didn't care to have him wait und ex-.
I 'fin hy he shot at me. About the
time he started walking down tho ,
strtt I Ftsitfd walkine the -'her way I
en1 didn't lose anv time about it. I
Furthermore I didu't linger lonn in
Douglas but returned to Bi.sbee where
people are a bit more soriable."
LYNCHING BEE FAILS
Kv K-view L-Hd Wlrn
NORMAN. Okla.. Alsr 4 A rao1) of
about fid persons attempted to take
'"hirles Holdrn. held h?i for murder,
from the county jail trwiay, aftr an
nouncing their intention of lynching
him. The mob overpowered the jailer
and reached Holden'a cell but failing
; to oien it with keys frm the jailer.
'ri"i to shoot the lin-k wlih revolver.
gl.incing bullet struck Holden in the
, he:d injuring him nlkhlly. The mob
then gradually dis-peix-d
AO
'AM
3 Pure Chewing Gum $
r j.b.
a Stick a da
1
seeps
Dyspepsia
away
ANGIUS
PURE
FOOD
GROCER
.PHONE, 29 I
Id
Hardly a Drugstore in the Land'
That Does Not Sell This Remedy
On the Market Half a Century.
When you are in perfect health,
and are enjoying a strong1 and vigor
ous vitality, it is then that your blood
is free from all impurities.
Yon should be very careful and
give heed to the slightest indication
of impure blood. A sluggish circula
tion is often indicated by an impaired
appetite, a feeling1 of lassitude and a
general weakening of the system. It
is then that you should promptly take
a few bottles of S. S. S., the great
blood pirifier and strengthener. It
will cleanse the blood thoroughly and
build up and strengthen the whole
system. S. S. S. is sold by all drug
gists. Valuable information about the
blood supply can be had free by writ,
ing to the Swift Specific Co., 21
Swift Laboratory, Atlanta, Ga.
Spring and Summer
FABRICS AND FASHIONS FOR THE NEW SEA
SON HAVE ARRIVED. YOU ARE INVITED TO
CALL AND INSPECT "OUR STOCK.
You should sec us, at least, before making your
selection of a spiing suit.
Here, you will receive custom tailored quality
fabrics, individually designed, at reasonable prices, from
$35 up.
FRUITMAN'S Tailnvc For Men
ashionable dllUl o and Women
Phone 74. ; Hughes Block, Opposite Central SchooL
We make up garments from your own materials.
Remodeling and rcHning.
Announcement
We take pleasure in an
nouncing that in keeping
with our policy of handling
nothing but the best we now
have a stock of
MURESCO
Wall Tints
Th ere is no better tint made
for beauty of color and dur
ability. See that your walls are
tinted with nothing but
MURESCO, it does not rub
off or fade.
Remember our ether stock
is of the same class and our
prices are no more.
Gibson -Hines
Lumber Co.
J. V. F. SMITH, Manager
Phone 88
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Solicit Your
Patronag
PHONE 53
EV2EA1
XEB iHI IA W 'Sr sv B
And tobacco ' now tastes much
better toasted.
You'll know this when you
smoke the famous Lucky Strike
cigarette, the real Burley cigarette.,
vteasted
It's toasted to develop and seal
in the Burley tobacco flavor.
a&jrr
ns
f D Guaranteed bv
BISBEE TRANSFER,
STORAGE & COAL CO.
Warehouse & Office Opposite Depot
PHONES 640 and 50.
T&3 Continental Casualty Co.
The largest Health and Acridem
Insuroiice I'ompauy in the world.
Investigate our liberal miners'
Policy.
JAS. C ASHMORE, Agt
P. O. Box 330. City.
ELECTRIC
DYE WORKS
Suits Cleaned, $1.50.
Suits Called for and Delivered.
Phone 386.
ELECTRIC DYE
WORKS
BREWERY GULCH.
WaTKLNS & BERGQUIST
Jewelers and Opticians
EYE NERVE GLASSES
v.-V
1 fit glasses without
drugs, drops or dang
er, and guarantee ku-Istaction.
v I'uonts: O.'fice 156,
Kealdence black 4-U.
OR. R. GLAZE, Ophthalmologist.
Upstairs, Over Woolworth's Store.
CJJL is ."hum u.a u i m w wi.V
I i" - Vt V. A..'7rir i!li-Ttl
I
a t
V U ynnujv.u Veil. Sr. Alt,A R
SCL3 r.RLCG:MS fVKVHLRf
!
! AAAAAAAWAMA
I szCATA RRH : ;
''Vl-'"' (myi) 7Z
: , Bnrarowmnm im i' SIX
THE B1SBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY MORNING, MARCH 5, 1918.
Shoes Shoes Shoes
I r i
Ladies Tan Lotus Military Shoes, made with the low
heel. Priced $4.98 '
Ladies' Tony Red and Khaki Shoes, style military low
heel. New, dressy, serviceable ..$7.50
Ladies' White Kid, a very good number for dress, made
with higher heel. Priced $7.90 and $3.90
Ladies White Canvass, a very stylish dress shoe....$3.98
Children's Barefoot 'Sandals, all sizes. Three runs
$1.49, $1.69, $1.98
Children's Elk Shoes, a good school shoe that will wear.
Two runs $2.49 and $2.98
Mej's Dress Shoes, button or lace. All iasts. Priced
$2.98, $3.50, $3.98, $4.50
Men's Work Shoes.... $2.25, $2.98, $3.50, $3.98, $4.50
Remember, We Have No Special Sales
Compare Our Every-Day Prices
With So-called Sales
Yellow Front
Main Street
'Where tou Do Better"
Mining and Financial News
BY REVIEW LEASED WIRE.
NEW YORK. March 4 Stocks wore
almost in state of deadlock today,
leaders moving within restricted lim
its, thoush mainly downward. The
enor of domestic and foreign advic-?s
afforded a pretext for furthers short
selling.
Investment rails, grangers and coal
ers yielded 1 to 2 points and indus
trials of the seasoned class averaged
one point recessions.
Shippings, oils, leathers and tho
more diversified of war shares made
: gross declines of 1 to 3 points anfl
! utilities lost 1 to-2 points. K?acUon
ary tendencies were partly neutraliz
icd by the relathe strength of Bald
win Locomotive, American Car, .Met
i lean Petroleum and Motors and Ac
i cessortes. Sales amounted to 315,000
! shares.
Call money opened at six per cent,
a natural rise of last week's adverse
b3nk statement, but soon fell to four.
Time loans held at six per cent with
a minimum of supply. lalian exchange
recorded another severe break.
Internationals and tractions were
heaviest of the bond list, liberty is
sues varying slightly. Total sales, par
value, aggregated 3.650.OO0. United
States bends, old issues, were
i cnangea on can.
souinern I'acitic
Texas Oil no
I'nion Pacific l"l"!t
V. S. M ' Jr,u.
Westinghouse . .
41
1 1
METAL MARKET.
NEW YORK, March 4- Lead. firm,
spot $7.50 to $7.75:- spelter steady,
spot East SC Louis delivery, offered
at $7.70. Rar silver, 85'.
GRAIN MARKET.
! CHICAGO. March 4. Corn prices
: hardened today, largely through scarc
!iiy of good grades and by reports
! tiiet the number of cars available was
i inadequate to meet rural needs. Fu-
tures closed firm at th3 same as Sat
i uiday's finish to He higher, with
j 11.27 and May I1.27M,. Oats gained
' to Vt to V to H- Provisions varied
i from 15 cents decline to 7 cents ad
i vance. Despite big receipts, demand
I for corn showed urgency for the bet
ter qualfties. One or the leading in
idustries which has been, out of the
j market ten days became a purchaser
i stain. Complaints of car shortage
I wer chiefly from Illinois and Iowa,
i Persistent buying of oats took place
i tnroueh the session. Gossip was cur
I rant that a better outlet east was like
ly. Packers' support rallied provisions
j front an early decline. The initial
I weakness was ascribed to a setback
in the value of hogs.
BOSTON.
Adventure
Alloucz
Alaska
Arizona Commercial '
Butte
C. & A
C. & H
Copper Range
Chino
East Butte .
Granbr
Goldfield
Hancock
Indiana
Inspiration -.
Knnecott
Keweenaw
Lake
La Salle
Miami j
Mohawk . . . .
Nevada
North Butte
Nip
Old Dominion
Osceola
Pcnd Creek
Quincy
Ray Con.
Sltattuck
Shannon
Superior Boston
St. Mary's
Utah Copper
Ctah Con -
Winona t? .
1'h
IS;
m4
07
42
44 V.
42?,
S'.i
74
S
85
6
.1
1918.
1
J
BOLD BOOZE BANDIT BROUGHT TO
BOOK BY BRAVE BUCKEYE BEAUTY
I ing half a mile. Ry that time the
suspicion expressed by Jones had
i grown to certainly with the rest of
NEW YORK.
I Closing Quotations, March 4,
! Ilty L J. Overlock.)
Anaconda 621
I Atchison S4
j American Can 39?4
I American Car .." 76H
I American Locomotive 65
! American Smelter SO'-s
Ealdwin 76
Peth B 7SH
C. i 0 54
Canadian Pacific , 1434
C. F. & I. .. . 38
Central Leather 70
Crucible 61 Vi
Distillers 3!?s
Erfe 14Mi
General Motors 121 ts
the party, so as soon as they could ! Indu8trlai Ajcohoj .". '.. 119
'Special to The Review.) Miss Stacy, her brother. Earl Stacy,
PHOLNXC. Ail?., March 4. Follow-i Hans Malambury and Jones, were go
Ins a thriliiBg- ride o'-er lha deiert ing from Buckeye last night to Arling
w ith a gun at her side ?nd a bold ' ten to attend a dance. On the bank
toctierner shcitinir to "sln or. her i cf Uie Has?ayamna river thev met a
and let h?r so." Miss Maud Stzrv of car- -b.irh turned a flash light full on ' petting the car out of the ditch and
Buc'.ieye. cr.ptjred r. carload of whis
turn around they did so.
When the occupants of the first car
saw that the others were trying to
catch them they speeded up and the
chase continued off on a side road
and ran into a ditch, where it stuck
in the mud. The two oceupants of the
car abandoned it and disappeared.
Jones and his party spent two hours
key and J. Jcnes, deputy sheriff, land
ed the boc- le'-;ger, William Heileman,
In Vie county jail cl Phc-nis thi3
morniiig. .
the Buckeyj party's car and refused , decided to let Miss Stacy and Malam
to give part or the road. tury bring the car in. Miss Stacy
Jcnes remarked that It looked to i took the wheel, and k was decided
him like a hootleggr's car. The road that as soon as they came to a place
was so sandy across the river that wfc-re she could pass, that she would
they could noi turn back before go-'take the leai and let the car contain-
For Heating
17
The portable gas heater will l&ke the chill off quickly and make the
dining room comfortable at meal time, and it will be found convent
ent, too, for heating the bed room and bath room. Any home with
out a centra! heating plant has use for a gas heater. We carry sev
eral different types prices $1.75 to $9.00... See them as well as
other gas appliances at our store.
Bisbee Improvement Co.
Lackawanna 781
Maxwell 29
Marine 28
Marine Pfd 97
Midvale 44:
Mexican Petroleum 94
New York Central 71
Northern Pacific 84
Reading 76?4
Rubber 57
Republic Steel 76
Studebaker 49Vi
Steel 90
Steel Pfd 110
St. Paul 40
Sinclair Oil 33 H
CURBS.
Arkansas Arizona .
Austin
Arizona Silver King
Big Ledge 1
Butte & London
Calumet & Jerome ..
New Cornelia
Con. Arizona
Con. Copper
Curtiss
Dcnn . '. ..
Dundee
Emma
Federal OH
Gadsden
G. Monster
G. Island
Hull
Howe Sound
Hecla
Inspiration Needl-?s
Jerome Verde
Jerome Victor
Magma Copper
Magma Chief
Miami Con
Piiisburgh Jerome
Ray Here
Santa Rita
Tom Reed
Tuolomne
United Eastern
Verde Extension
Verde Combination . . :
West End .
Wolverine-Arizona
White Caps.
Wright Martin : .. ..
31
61
19'.
15'.
S',
41
58
19'
71
24 4
16
5
2
51
80'',
10
1
5-16
. 5-16
11
5-16
16V,
2
5.
37
20
3;
'
z
2
11-16
15
40
4
4
1-16
11-16
35
3-15
3
90
4
1-32
170
1
4
38
11-16
76
1
-
NO INDIGESTION, GAS,
OR STOMACH MISERY '
IN FIVE MINUTES
'Tape's Diapepsin" for sour
acid stomach, heartburn,
dyspepsia.
Time it! In five minutes you sour
acid stomach fetls fine. No indiges
tion, heartburn, or beirhing of Ras, or'
eructations of unriifctsted food, no 'diz
ziness, bloating, foul breath or head-
ache. I
Pape's Diapepsin is ncted for its '
speed in sweetening upset stomachs.
It is the surest, quickest and most
certain stomach antacid la the whole
world, and besides. It is harmless.
Millions of men and women now
eat their favorite foo!s without fear
they know Pape's Diapepsin will save
them from such misery.
Please, for your sake, get a large
fifty-cent case of Pape's Diapepsin
from any drug store and put your
stomach right. Don't keep on being
miserable life is too short you are
not here long, so make your stay
agreeable. Eat what you like and en
joy it, without dread of acid fermen
tation in the stomach.
Pape's Diapepsin belongs in your
home anyway. Should one of the
family eat something which don't
agree with them, or in case of an at
tack of Indigestion, dyspepsia, gas
tritis or stomach derangement due to
fermentation and acidity; at daytime
or during the night, it is handy to
give the quickest, surest relief known.
Advertisement.
QUICK FRIEF
110
i
Miami Mother Lode .50
verae lomDtnation .. ... . .To
Miami Consolidated 03 . .0
Jerome Daisy .50
Nacozarl Consolidated 42
Verde Apex .12
Calumet & Jerome .. ..1.31 1.41
Feather River .. " 12
Legal Notices.
CORN May. $1 27; $1.27.
CATS May. 874: 88.
COTTON March, 31.82; 32.32.
i
tag the rest of the party bring up the
rear.
As agreed. Miss Stacy saw that the
first car was slowing down, and she
, speeded ut to pass 1L When the
i lights of Jones car were flashed on
the bootlegger's car. he was startled
! no see a man pulling himself from the
car track up to the front of the car
where the girl was.
Without waiting for the driver to
stop. Jones swung himself from one
car to the other, shouting to Miss
Stacy to stop the car. As she started
to do so the bootlegger poked a gua
in her side and said, "Step on her and
let her go." He then . be?an firing
bis gun.
Miss Stan did not hesitate to "step
pa her," and as she did so. Jones, who
was holding on the canvas, lost his
hold and fell, at the same time shoot
ing at the bootlegger.
Mr. Bootlegger did not see Jones
fall, but he heard the shot and turned
loose, falling to the ground. Miss
Stacy kept speeding up until she got
the car of whiskey to Arlington, where
she notified s posse to go for Jcnes,
fearing that be had been killed.
Early this morning Jones captured
ithe bootlegger, who made a full con
fession. He Is William Heileman and
is being held in the county jail.
Seven shots were exchanged before
Jones and the bootlegger dropped
from the car. One of the soots passed
through Miss Stacy's skirt, one
through the lower part of Malaui
bury's overcoat and one through the
crease In front of his trousers.
Willie Heileman, who Is nwntioned
in the above dispatch was raised in
Cisbee and was arrested here on a
charge of transporting whiskey and
while being taken back to jail from
the court room In Tombstone made
his escape. He has a father and
mother and sisters living In this city
at the present time.
T ORATIFY PROHIBITION
(By Review Ld Wlr
AUSTIN. Texas. Mar. 4.--The lower
house of the Texas legislature this
evening concurred in a mlror amend
ment by the senate to the resolution
for the ratification ot the. federal pro
hibition amendment. The resolution
now goes to the governor for approval.
OATMAN.
(By Collins & Bre'herton.)
Argo 02
Adams 02
Arizona Rex . . . .
Arizona Tom R '
Gold Ore
Gold Road Bonanza . .
Gold Reed
Gold Cliff
Lucky Boy
Sunnyside
Telluride .12
Tom Reed 1.55
United Eastern 4 50
United Northern 02
United Western 02
Red Lion
.40
.04
02
03
OTHER CURBS.
Gadsden 2.30
Ween Monster 69
Butte London 11
Dundee 75
Venture Hill
Pittsburgh Jerome .. ... .S7
Terome Verde C9
rkansas-Arizona OS
Jerome Portland
Inspiration Needles 06
Hull Copper 40
Magma Chief 18
Wolverine-Arizona .. ....1.62
.031
.05 j
.41!
.05 j
.051
.15 1
...I
.04
L60
4.73
.25
!62
.75
.13
.Si
.06
.90,
75
III
.23
.12
.45
i.87
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR
U. S. PATENT
Mineral Survey No. 3387
Serial No. 038239
United States Land Office, Phoenix,
Arizona, March 1. 1918.
Notice is hereby given: That R. A.
Bretherton and C. M. Henkel. whose
postoffice addresses is Bisbee, Cochise
County. Arizona, have made applica
tion for patent for the following named
lode mining claim, situated in the
Warren Mining District, Cochfse Coun
ty, Arizona, in Section 13. unao jii.xed.
T. 23-S. R. 24-E. G. & S. R. B. & M,
described as follows, to-wit:
SUCCESS: Beginning ul Corr.er
No. 1, the N. E. corner, whence the
W corner of Section IS, T. 23-S. R.
25-E. G. & S. R B. & M. bears N. $
11' E. 2943.8 feet; thence S 4 34' W.
326.40 feet to comer No. 2; thence N".
87 21' W. 1500 .eet to corner No. 3;
thence N. 4 34' E. 425.30 feet to !
ner No. 4; thence S. S3" 34 E. 1500
feet to corner No. 1, the place ot be
ginning, containing a net area of 7 351
acres, expressly excluding area in con
flict with Survey No. 3117. Bruce Lode
of 3.802 acres, and with Survey No.
3117. Baltic Lode, of 1.7S3 pcres.
The location notice of this claim Is
recorded in the t.ffice of the County
Recorder of Cochise County. Arizona,
as follows: ,
SUCCESS Book 4S. Records
of Mines. Page 118.
The names of the adjoiing claims
to this survey are: On tbc North Sur
vey No. 2176, Corona lode and Survey
No. 3158. Corona lode; on the East
Survey No. 3158. Rolla lode and Sur
vey No. 3117 Baltic lcnle; on the South
Survey No. 3117 Baltic lode and Sur
vey No. 3117 Bruce lode; on the West
Survey No. 2029 Horse Shoe lode.
J. U IHVIN. Register.
MOTHER'S FRIEfiD
Get Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets
That is the joyful cry of thousands
since Dr. Edward3 produced Olive Tablet
the substitute for calomcL
Dr. Edwards, a practicing physician for
17 years and calomel's old-time enemy,
discovered the formula for Olive Tsblats
while treating patients for chronic con
stipation and torpid livers.
Dr. Edward3 Olive Tablets do not
contain CilomeL but a healing, soothirg
Testable laxative.
No griping is the fceyaote" of these
little susar-coatsd. olive-colored tablet.
They cause the bowals and liver to act
cormauy. They never Ksrce tnem to
ur. natural action.
If you have a "dark brown month new
end then a bad breath a dull, fcrcJ
fp.eiin s-'ck headache torpid liver ar.d
are cor.stip-aicd, you'll Cnd qi.i., cuixs ccd
cr-.lv plertar.t K'ccu't: r: 3 cr.2 r r tv.T Ui
Via 'Dr. Edwjriar Olive Tatters ct bcdL:-n.
! czc cr i7!? ever r..i
j :t ro keep ;
mc per tii.
ul (iruics.
STIFF JOINTS
SOREMUSCLES
Umber Up Quickly Under the Sooth
ing:, Penetrating Application ef
Hamlin's Wizard Oil
In cases of rheumatism and lame
back it penetrates quickly, drives out
soreness, and limbers up stiff, aching
joints and muscles.
Wizard Oil is an absolutely reliable,
antiseptic application tor cuts, burns,
bites, and stings. Sprains and bruves
heal readily under its soothing, pen
etrating qualities.
Get it from druggists for 30 cents.
If not satisfied return the bottle and
get your money back.
Ever constipated or have sick head
ache? Just try Wizard Liver Whips,
pleasant little piak pills, SO cents,
Guaranteed.
alcsrbs
FOR WEAK L0M6S
or throat trouble that thrtn to twroru
ronle. thin Cftlrlum compound wui b
foam! lTN-tive. Th hamlx-st form yt
oVrtard. , Ftve front hrmrul or habit
forming drusa. Try them today.
50 cents a box, Including war tax
Far Ml bv all dnmMs
Ttlao Laboratory, fbibwiriithl
"ladies can wearmoes""
fat viae vnAller after inc Allen's Foot-EtMt
Um aotiaeptie powder for tb ft-vt Shakei. into
the fho- and pritiklrd !cthe foot-harfv, Alr-m'i
Fotx-Iu-M nwkt- tiht or mw pfco- tvi etwv ,
instant rvlrtf to mm and bun ion, prrrrru la
BiUrra, Cation aird Socr Spcu. I?" tlie (ttwm"
comfort d -twr of the a t. Try tt --,.
Sotd ercr)ciTt?, i'V. F.r rr: -l jk
Contractor and Builder
ESTIMATES AND PLANS FURN
ISHED. VM. McBOUGALL
Opposite Lincoln School
JOHN G. WILSON
Contractor & Builder
(Estimates furnished on alt classes
of Buildings.
SEE ME LAST
Phone Green 782.
FOR
An Inside Bath
Makes You Look
and Feel Fresh
Expectant f.laihsrs
RCLSEVCS TENSION
$100 Reward, $100
The reader of this paper will be
pleased to .dm that tbere is at least on
dreaded disease that science has been
Able to cure In all Its staitea. and that la
Catarrh. Hall Catarrh Cure Is tha only j
positive cure now known to the medical
fraternity. Catarrh being a constitutional
disease, requires a constitutional treat- i
ment. Rall s Catarrh Cure la taken In-
ternally. actlnc directly upon the blood
and mucous e'.irfaces of the system, there
by destroying- the foundation of the dls- j
esse, and giving the pai'cnt s'remrth by
building up the constitution and assisting
nature in doing Its work. The proprietors
have so much faith In Its curative
era that they oTe- On Hundred Dollars I
for any case thiu it talis lo -cure. Send I
for list of testimonials. !
Address: F J. CHEN ET CO.. Toledo, a '
bold by all Irocmsts. 7Se.
lake Hall's Famiu fills tor censtlpaUea
COLLINS &
BRETHERTON
We Specialize In
JEROME
AND
OATMAN
STOCKS
Jack BIdj., Main Street
Phone 25 Box 1129
Says a class ef hot water with
phosphate before breakfast
keeps Illness aay.
Physicians the world over recom
mend the Inside hath, claiming this is i
of vastly more importance than out-1
side cleanliness, because the skiu
pores do not absorb impurities into
the-blood, causing ill health, while the
pores in the ten yards of bowels do. -
Men and wn are urged to drink
each morning, before breakfast a glaas
of hot wa.tir wih a teaspoonful of
limestone phosphrte in it. as a harm
less means of helping to wash from
the stomach, liver, kidneys and bowels
the previous day's indigestible materi
al, poisons, sour bile and toxins; thus
cleansing, sweetening and purifying
the entire i.limentary cansl before put
ting more lood into the stomach.
Those who wake up with bad breath.
coated tongue, nasty tasie or have a
dull, aching head, sallow complexion,
acid stomach; others who are subject
to bilious attacks or constipation.
should obtain a quarter pound of lime
stone phosphato at the drug store.
This will cost very little but Is sutfi-1
cicnt to demons i ate the value ot in-'
side bathing. Adv.1
L. J. OVERLOCK, BROKER
Correspondents: Paine, Weber A Co, Boston, Dututh, Calumet.
LOGAN A BRYAN, NEW YORK AND CHICAGO.
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK.
The Body of
Our Paint
Is pure while lead. U is mixed with
turpentine or pn"e linseed oil ac
cording to whether it Is to be used
for in or outside work. There Is no
grit in it; r.o adulterants to wake
its manufacture cheaper. Paint ex
perts always get . their supplies
here. Wouldn't it be wise for you
to follow their example.
Bisbee Lumber Company, inc
EMIL MARKS, MGR.
LOWELL CAR 8T0P.
PHONE 2& THE BISBLE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY MORNING, MARCH 5, 1918.
SEVEN
-1
t
7
I
i
1
REVIEW WANT ADS
Advertisements under thia head at the rate of 1 cent per word for each
Issue, with a minimum charge of 25 cents. Advertisements must reach
The Review office not later than 8 p. m. for insertion the next morning.
Male Help Wanted
WANTED Bellboy.
Queen hotel.
Apply Copper
534
WANTED A truck gardener, a mar
ried man to work en shares, every
thing furnished. Apply Bert Mor
ton, Taylor fridge. Sulphur Springs
alley. 423
LEARN actual auto repairing, book
keeping, shorthand, radio engineer
ing. Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation, Los Angeles. Catalog free.
230
Female Help Wanted
WANTED Young lady bookkeeper
and cashier. Apply Box R, Lowell.
641
WANTED A lady to give lessons in
Spanish. Address S. L care Re
view. 598
WANTED Woman for general house
work. Must be good cook. Mrs. H.
M. Jacobs. Mason II11L 240
"
Positions Wanted
WANTED - Position by experienced
narse. Phone 327. 60S I
EXPERIENCED NURSE wants work. !
Phone 661. 636
WANTED By experienced bookkeep-;
er, permanent position with reliable 1
ffnn ma KAAVboanAf rr flflV if f t t !
work; an, TpermanentTy locV.ol :n J
T?i.- marHAd nH h.T drft ex-
omnrinn elans 4: am at nresent em-1
ployed, but can accept position on
.uarcu ivm, present employers ui-
continuing business: can furnish '
referenoa. Address P. O. Box 23S2.
Bisbee. 506 :
I
WANTED Position of taking care of j
children or doing light housekeepins
work. L. H. A., Review. 459
1
For Sale
FOR SALE: 4 room furnished house i
in Warren all modern conveniences. j
For terms. Phone Greeu 745. 604 j
vro o t c i t 1. .1
run OAkcr-i iwiu new ij tui uiducu
nouse, aiso z ioi, zuu casn, at ;
120 month. 245 High Koad.
6141.
FOR SALE 1916 Ford touring car;
"B" flat cornet; new violin. Joe
Kridel, Don Luis, Ariz. 504
. . . ... T,
FOR SALE-Cheap ranch with goW j
pumping plant. 12 horsepower en-;
gine. Apply J. E. Brophy. Lowell. ;
j
RULED INDEX CARDS 5x3 inches
for sale at Review Jos Department.
31 j.
t
FOR SALE Ford touring car. will ex
change for
Jerome-Portland stock
Box 1347.
308
T T '
TYPEWRITES PAPER, good bond
paper, 81-2x11. at $1.00 per 500
F(lR 6;LFTTw0 Fonl touring
See Shideler on the jitney service, j
' !
FOR SALE New modern home, gar-1
age, $25 income month. Box 1982. j
804,
FOR SALE 2. 3, 4, 5 room houses,!
soft drink stand, t pper Brewery 1
Gulch, D. P. Rossi. 757 '
IF YOU WANT A HOME I will sell;
yon the tot and build you a house. .
Terms to suit purchaser. Wm. Mc-j
Doueal. contractor and builder, j
Tombstone Canyon opp. . Lincoln 1
School 479
'
FOR SALE At a sacrifice on account !
of sickness the Home Industry Fur-'
tilt ure store and lodging house worth
$1500 and if taken at once $1650 will ,
buy this great money maker. It has j
a good cash trade and is doing a :
good business This great bargain
ought to be taken np at once at one-.
third its real value, at $16;1. Inquire j
at the Home Industry Furniture 1
store. Lowell. Arizona. 146
FOR SALE Furniture of five room
house; house for rent. Ayp!y ?10
Tombstone Canyon.
481 ;
FOR SALE 4-room house with bath
and toilet in Warren. Wm. M. Doug-;
alL opposite Lincoln school. 530 j
FOR SALE Kenney boarding house: :
ran business in same house for 13 '
years; cheap for cash and one 5-j
room house. $3s. Phone 4S7. 532
FOR SALE R. L. red and white Leg .
horn baby chicks with the lay, bred '
in them. Ask for price lii. . R. C. 1
Herald. R. 3. Phoenix, Ariz. " 38a
PETEY DINK Petey Agrees
1- S- NO OVtE CAN Z7 -LOOt AT CLAUSE . X
ei wsu im- im mwn - im mm
1 vV' - . v fEV;! ' II ! fth tl " I ' li-K r ,'..- I I S V
( 7y w m wn' m-J ipr: m
wtjt v r.i.mi wsf s ' r t r ruin ' - - u t n n -ba.u i m m m .rv - -. - i j i , t3 -.t. v m i
For Sale
FOR SALE One 6-hole steel range in
good condition. J. F. Walker, Bak
errille. 541
RELINQUISHMENT to good tract ol
land close to McNeal, 3U0. E. r
j Grlndell. McNeal. 61J
iFOR SALE 4 and 5 room house with
bcth and toilet in Warren. Wm.
i McDougall, opposite Lincoln school.
1 - 530
FOR SALE Pure bred white anc
brown leghorn cnicss, ji.iu pel
100. Send 3 per 100 with order
will ship C. O. D. Forester's Hai
chery. Route No. 3, Phoenix, Ariz
FOR SALE R. I. Reds, Barred Rockf
and White Leghorn baby chicks that
live, breeding stock and eggs. J
Albert Liggett, R2 Phoenix, Arix. 1(K
FOR SALE Motorcycle three ' speed
Harley Davidson, model 1917, good
condition. Call Black 728. 63s
IFOR SALE-rFord touring car at Lonf
Trail Garage. LowelL
54f
SJftm,hJjlJnff
complete, lot 70x140 garage 12x1 1
concrete cellar, fruit trees & shrubs
Address P. O. Box 963 or Phone 46tf
Warren. E. D. Mathews. 37:
FOR SALE Uncalled tor suit?. M
Levin Tailoring Co- Lowell. 904
"" "
FOR SALE! Two 3-4 beds, dresser, al
BO 6-rooiu house. 123 Quarry can
Ton-
59S
FoR SAL'S
Furniture three roonr
apartment, everything new, apart
ment rents for 30 a month and haf
just been completed. Warren, off at
new hospital station, walk due easi
about 100 yards, double house Name
Hollen. Don't investigate -unlesf
you appreciate nice things." Vers
reasonable. 537
FOR SALE Fresh milch cow. In
quire Arizona Grocery. 451
.. .
Furnished PvOOms
J
.FOR RENT-
3 nicely furnished rooms
j
H. Cunningham, 86 Upper Lowell
Phoiie Red 542. 62C
1 FOR RENT Room for one or two
i gentlemen, garage room for one car
' 67 Upper LowelL 60C
FOR RENT Two housekeeping
room8 jiggcrville. vsx
WANTED To rent furnished or un
furnished room. Address Box 1451
! Bisbee. stating particulars.
54:
FOR RENT Furnished front room fo)
one or two Dersons: two blocks frorr
car line, in Warren, just above Krug
er flats. Call Black 516 for particu
jar8
54E
FOR RENT Two furnished house
keeping rooms. 115; no chUdrer
Brewery Gulch, near City park
n!ione 548.
62:
FOR RENT Batching quarters. 17f
Naco Road. Holbrook stop. 53'
FOR RENT Two housekeeping
room. Phone Black 477. 541
RULED INDEX CARDS 5x3 inche
for sale at Review Jab Department
31F
MOOSE HOTEL Furnished
roomi
37'.
$2.00 per week and up.
TYPEWRITER PAPER, good bom"
paper. 8 1-2x11, at $1.00 per 5M
sheets. Review Job Dept.
FOR RENT Well furnished house
keeping rcoms; also a few ni
sleeping rooms, btarr ooming nouse
opposite City Park. 551
FOR RENT-Large furnished house
keeping room, no hills.
Custonr
House. Phone Green 696.
4"
FOR RENT Two furnished house
kpeiinB l00m8i 14 Laundry HilL V
j gnearer 553
for RENT Two housekeeping
rooms. 49 O. K. Street.
33S
rrR RENT Furnished room
closr
in; outside entrance.
709. G. O. Rhodes.
Phone BlacV
543
Money to Loan
$50,000 TO LOAN an improved cit?
property or for building, on eas
terms of payment T. A. Hughes
over Bank of Bisbee. 2Sf
SMALL quick loans on your personal
note to salaried men and women, al
ao on furniture. Cox Lona Co. Roorr
2, Lyric Theatre building. 16f
With Him for Once.
For Rent
fOR RENT 3 room house, call at
Vanderwalker house,. Moon Ave., be
tween 10 a. m. and 12 iu. 6CS
FOR RENT 5 room cement block
house in Warren. Hogan & Seed.
602
FOR RENT 1 newly papered 4 room
bouse partly furnished. 74 Kansas
Street. 603
FOR RENT 3-room house, furnished
237 School Hill. 549
FOR RENT One 2-roora house and
one 3-room house. Inquire at 207
High Road. 461
FOR RENT Garage. Inquire Tarn-J
many Hall, Brewery Guicn or 83
Youngblood Hill. 569
FOR RENT A batching room to man.
near high school. 0-127 School Hill.
570
Professional Cards
MADAME J. REA KEYS. SL Regis ho
tel. Lowell. Ariz. Phone 62. Clair
voyant and crystal reader. Dead 1
trance spirit medium born with a
double veil, without asking questions !
gives you dates, facta and figures,
and will read your entire life. 535
DRS. NEAL AND BARNET. Veterin
arians, treat all kinds of animals.
Prompt attention to calls, day or
night, Lowell. Ariz. Phones No.,
office No. 108. Neat's residence, 787.
Dr. Barnett, residence, 718 R-2. 427
WONDERFUL awakened medium.
Mrs. Lumpkin, Clairvoyant, gifts
seeing, hearing, spiritual discern
ment, describes friends, locates min
eral at distance, heals sick, diagnos
es disease. South of the bridge be
tween Johnson Addition and Lowell
250
Agents
FIVE bright, capable ladies to travel,
demonstrate and sell dealers; $75.00
to $150.00 per month; railroad are
paid. Go)drich Drug Company, lept
131, Omaha. Nebr. 54S
Wanted
V ANTED To rent five to eight room
furnished house. Address Box 1278
Bisbee, stating terms. 607
RAGS WANTED Good clean cottor
ra;s. Review office. 597
WANTED To buy lot. Give full par
ticulars. Address L-, care Review.
613
7ANTED To buy a 4 room house
close in. State terms. Address P.
O. Box 2419 Bisbee. 577
TYPEWRITER PAPER, good bond,
paper. 81-2x11. at $1.00 for 500
sheets. Review Job Dept.
.VANTED Lanudry work to take
home; seing or work by day
Phone Blue 805. ' 56S
WANTED Washing to do at home or
at house, a specialty of white
dresess, shirt waists, washable silks,
also house cleaning by day. Phone
852 Black or 150A Brewery Gulch.
596
Miscellaneous
WOULD THE LADY who took the lit
tle girl out of the Lyric theatre call
at 51A Chihuahua Hill at the first
opportunity. 640
OSSARD CORSETS FOR SAI C
ALL CORSETS FITTED Over
Independent Fuel Store. ITpner
Main. 231
tULED INDKX CARDS 5x3 inches-,
for sale at Review Job Department.
315
TYPEWRITER PAPER, good bond,
paper, 81-2x11, at $1.00 per 500
sheets. Review Job Dept.
LOST
J3ST Sunday, a gold watch and
chain with a to dollar and half
piece charm, between fereford and
Don Luis. Finder please leave at
Review olfice or Jas. . Bell. 43 O.
K. St. Phone 044. 599
AUSTIN'. Tex. Mar. 4 The lower
louse of the legislature passed the
Irought relief bill appropriating $2
KK).OO0 to buy seed and feed in west
Texas.
Legal Notices.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of Interior.
7. S. Land Office, Phoenix. Arizona,
February 25, 1918.
Notice is hereby given that George
.V. Keahey of Bisbee. Arizona, who. on
tuly 7. 1916. made Homestead Pnrrr
No. 030367. for S V. section 2. Town
ship 22-S, Range 25-E. G. & S !L B.
Medidlan. has filed notice of Intsrttor
to make three year proof, to establish
claim to the lan 1 above described, be
fore Jared D. Taylor. U. S. Commis
sioner, at Bisbee, Arizona, on the first
day of April. 11S.
Claimant namos as witnesses:
Edward E. Thomas, Charles N.
Thomas, both of Bisbee, Arizona; Aug
ust F. Bornego, of Lowell, Arizna;
Keller Hogan. of Bisbee, Arizona.
JOHN U IRVIN, Register.
First Publication March 2, 1918.
Last Publication April 1, 1918.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior
U. S. LAND OFFICE at PhoenU. Ar
izona. February 16. 1913.
NOTICE is hereby givn tl at William
A. Lyth. of Hereford, Arizota, who, on
April 12, 1913. made HoniestPiid Entry
No. 022128. for NSW4,
Sec. 23, SEV4SEH. Sec. 22, and on
April 17. 1916. made additioi.:il Hd. en
try No. 030078 for S!2SVU, SF.K
SWy, Sec 23 and NE'.iNW1',, Sec. 26
Township 22-S. itf.nij-j 21-E. G. i S R.
B. & Meridian. 11113 filed notice of In
tention to make thrje year Proof, to
establish claim to the land above ue
scribed. before Jar.?d C Taylor, ;. S.
Commissioner, :t Bir.l'ee, Arizona, on
the 27th day of March, lt
Claimant nanus as witnesses
John L. Parker, O. Perry, Columbus
T. Staltz, Moses W. t?nn.?, all of ller
ford, Arizona.
JOHV 1. IRVIN, Roaster.
First publication February ii.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior . -U.
S. LAND OFFICE at Phoenix. Ari
zona. February 9. 191&
NOTICE is hereby given that Thomas
D. Jackson, ol Hereford, Arizona, who.
on January 29, 1913. made Homestead
Entry No. 021012 for the SW4 of Sec
tion 35. and on Angust 17, 1917. made
additional Homestead Entry No.
0X6059. for SEVi, Section 35, Tpwnship
22 S, Rangs 21-E, Gila & Salt River
3ase A Meridian, has filed notice of
intention to make three year Proof, to
establish claim to the land above de
scribed, before W. A,' Fowler, U. S.
Commissioner, at Tombstone, Arizona,
on the 19th day of M-irch. 1318.
'Claimant names as ..witnesses:
flarry S. Ross, of Tombstone. Arizona.
George W. Allwood. Robert Reay, John
El Dinwiddie. all of Hereford. Arizona.
JOHN L. IRVIN, Register.
First publication February 16, 1C1S.
Adv. 204
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR.
U. S. Land Office. Phoenix. Arizona,
February 23, 1918.
Notice is hereby given that Joseph
Stonis of Hereford, Arirona, who on
October 16, 1913. made Homestead En
try No. 023537 for W H SW S hi
NW i. Sec. 33. Tp. 23-S. R. 21-E and
on October 23. 1519. made additional
homestead entry No. 02S636, for N H
NW V, and W '4 NE Section 33.
Township 23-S, Range 21-E, G. & S. R.
B. Meridian, has filed notice of inten
tion to make three year proof, to es
tablish claim to the land above de
scribed, before Jared D. Taylor, U. S.
Commissioner, at Bisbee. Arizona, On
the first day of April, 1918.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Joseph Zaleski. Dayton L. Grahab,
Jr., both of Hereford, Arizona; Lewis
T. Wolfe, eBn Morgan, both of Garces,
Arizona.
JOHN L. IRVIN. Register.
First Publication March 2. 1918.
Last Publication April 1, 1318.
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR U.
S. PATENT. '
Mineral Survey No. 3384.
U. S. Land Office. Phoenix. Arizona,
February 28, 1918. .
Notice is hereby given that Samuel
Sutcliffe. C. W. Rambo and Carl Smith
whose postoffice addresses are Bisbee,
Arizona, have made application for a
patent for the Winnebago lode mining
claim, situated in Warren Mining Dis
trict, Cochise County, State of Arizo
na, in Sec. Ion 7. (unapproved) Town
ship 23. south, range .24 east, G. & S.
R. B. & M., which claim is described
as follows, tc-wit.
Beginning at corner. No. 1, the S. E.
corner, whence the U, S. M. M. No. 1,
Warren Mining District bears S. -77
degrees 37 minutes east. 8754.1 feet,
thence S. 61 degrees 26 minutes W.
6rtn.oo fMt to corner No. 2. the S. W.
corner, thence N. 5 degrees 24 miputes
east, 1500.00 feet to corner No. 3, the
.N. W. corner, thence N. 61 degrees 26
minutes E. 6i.0- feet to corner No. 4,
the N. E. corner, thence S. 5 degrees
24 minutes 1500.00 feat to corner No.
1. the place of the beginning, contain
ing net area of 17.136 acres.
The location notice of this claim is
recorded In the County Recorder's of
fice.' Cochise County, State of Arizona,
as follows: Book 42, Record of Mines,
at page 43j.
Tho names of the adjoining claims
are: North. Blue Bird, unsurveyed,
owned by the Copper tiuecn Con. Mg.
Company; East. Bisbee Queen, unsur
veyed, owned by C. W. Ramho; South.
White Bird, unsurveyed. owned by H.
V. Clarkson and N. L. Hayden; West.
Silver Lead, unsurveyed, owned by C.
". Ram bo.
J. L. IRVIN. Register.
First publication Feb. 2S. 1918.
AMENDMENT TO THE ARTICLES
OF INCORPORATION
of
SIERRA CONSOLIDATED MINES
COMPANY.
KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE
PRESENTS. That at the regular an
nual meeting of the stockholders of
the Sierra Consolidated Mines Com
pany, a cor)Kiration organized and ex
isting undor the laws of Arizona, duly
held at the office of said corporation
in warren, Cochise county, Ariz, on the
17th day of Aug.. 1915. at 12 o'clock
noon, 213,930 shares of the outstanding
issue of 3"0.000 shares being present
and participating in the meeting, the
following resolution and amendment
of and to the Articles of Incorporation
of said Company were duly adopted.
213.930 shares voting in the affirma
tive and no shares voting iu the nega
tive: "RESOLVED, That Article V. Para
graph 9, of the Articles of Incorpora
tion of the Company be amended to
read as follows, to-wit:
"'Thereafter the annual meeting of
the stockholders of the corporation
stroll be held on the first Tuesday aft
er the first Monday in May of. each
year at 11 o'clock in the morning
thereof at its principal office in War
ren. Arizona.' "
IS WITNESS WHEREOF, the Pres
ident and the Secretary of said Com
vany. being duly authorized and di
rected so to do, have hereunto set
their hands and affixed hereto the
corporate seal of said Company this
22nd day of January. 1913.
(Signed) JOSEPH B. COTTON.
President.
Attest: '
(Signed) FREDERIC R. KENNEDY,
(Corporate Seal) ; Secretary.
NOTICE OF SALE
Notice is hereby given that the un
dersigned, guardian of the persons and
estates of Einar and El mar Saarela,
minors, will sell the undivided interest
of said minors in and to the property
hereiii3fter described, at private sale,
on or after Friday, March 4, 1918. The
place where offers or bids will be re
ceived is at the office of Williams &
Flanigan, in the Allen Block, Bisbee,
Arizona. All bids or offers must be
in writing and the sale will be for
cash; money to be deposited in the
Miners & Merchants Bank, Bisbee,
Arizona, to be paid to guardian upon
continuation of sale by the court. Said
sale to be made under the order of the
Superior Court of Cochise County, Ari
zona, duly given and made on the 9tb
day of February. 1918.
The property, the interest of said
minors in which Is to be sold, is the
following, to wit:
Lot 65, Block M. City of Bisbee, Co
chise County, and SUto of Arizona.
rid more particularly lies-riled as be
iag bounded on ths t;nst by O. A. Mc
Donald's property, on south side by
property of Joe Mnhoiin. and on north
by aid west by O. K. Road. toi:ethjr
vith 'a three-room hois. 3 thereon, and
the household furniture in said bouse.
Dated Bisbee, Arizona, tVbuary 11
191S.
MATT KOSKt.
Guardian es aforesiil
Adv.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior
U. S. LAND OFFICE at Phoenix, Ari
zona. February 9, 1918.
NOTICE is hereby given that Gilbert
J. Perry, of Lewis Springs, Arizona,
who, on March 9, 1913, made Home
stead Entry No. 021791 for SW'UXEU,
NWViSEU. ESW4 Sec. 12 and on
August 9, 1916, made additional Home
stead Entry, No. 030848, far WSW'i
Section 12. NWViNW'4 Sec. 13, NE14
NE',4. Section 14. Township 22 S,
Range 21-E. Gila & Salt River Base &
Meridian, has filed notice of intention
to make three year Proof, to establish
claim to the land above described, be
fore Jared D. Taylor. U. S. Commis
sioner, at Bisbee. Arizona, on the 19th
day of March. 1918.
Claimant names as witnesses:
William A. Lyth, Cornell Witvoet, Ger
rit Witvoet, Columbus T. Stoltz, all of
Hereford. Arizona.
JOHN L. IRVIN. Register.
First publication February 16. l'JIS.
Adv. 203
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Arizona,
IFobnury 2. 191S.
NOTICE Is hereby given that Cornel
ius N. Driscoll, of Hereford. Arizons.
wjo. on April 25, 1914. made Home
stead Entry, No. 024569. for NW4
Sec. 25 and on February 13. 1913. made
additional Hd. entry No. 026741 for the
INWUSWU. Sec. 25. N4SE'4 and
'SWHSE. Section 26. Township 23-S.
Range 22 E. G. & S. R. B & Meridian.
! has fiied notice of intention to make
LODGE NOTICES
Cards of every fraternal order In the Warren District; giving the essential
facts of each, their meetinii-nights, ttiir officers and the place of gather
ing will be found under their respective headings in these columns.
BISBEE LODGE, NO. 718.
Meets every Friday night. Moose Hall
Visiting brothers cordially invited.
V. R- TONKIN, Dictator.
KAY ROSS, Secretary.
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA.
, OREADN AUGHT.
U O. L. NO. 210.
meets In L O.
O. F. Hall first
and third
MONDAY at
7:30 p. m.
Visiting broth
era cordialiy
Invited to at
tend. Wm. T. SMITHAN. W. M.
ROBERT FERGUS, Secretary
P. O. Box 426, Bisbee.
BROTHERHOOD OF AMERICAN
YEOMAN
Richard I, Homestead 895, meets
second and fourth Tuesday at Odd
Fellows' ball. Visiting Archers are
cordially invited.
MRS. C C. F1NLAYSON, Foreman
P. O. Box 1526.
E. D. STINSON. Correspondent
Box 1490.
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD.
Lowell Camp No. 46 will
meet every Wednesday
at 7:30, Brophy NalL
H. C. LANDAU. C. C.
O. a THOMAS. Clerk.
All Woodmen invited.
IMPROVED ORDER RED MEN.
Meets first and third
Thursdays at 7:30 p. m.
in Medigovich Hall. All
visiting Red Men invited
to attend.
SAM RYALL. Sachem.
W. D. COHEN, Medicine Man.
F. C. FENDERSON. C. of R.
PYTHIAN SISTERS
Lily Temple No. 3. meets every 2nd
and 4th Thursday evening of each
month at Odd Fellow HalL Visiting
sisters are cordialiy invited.
MINNIE BLUM, M. E. C.
Phone Black 851.
IDA GLAZE, M. of R. C
Phone Black 420
WARREN MINING DISTRICT
CHAPTER AMERICAN RED CROSS
Executive committee meets second
.ad fourth Wednesdays of each month
it Y. M. C. A. All members urged to
neet and confer with committee after
?ach regular meeting.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior.
'J. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Arizona,
February 2. 191S.
N'OTICE is hereby given that Gottfried
W. Barsch. of Hereford. Arizona, who,
on August 7. 1913, made Homestead
:ntry. No. 02354, for N'SW'4 Sec.
!Z, NlzSEU Sec. 26. nd on Feb. 10.
1916, made additional Hd. Entry No.
)2?4::5 for EVjNK'h. Section 26. Town
ship 22 S. Range 2!-E. G. & S. R. B. &
Meridian, has filed notice of intention
to make three year Proof, to establish
claim to the land above described, be
fore Jared D. Taylor, U. S. Commis
sioner, at Bisbee. Arizona, on the 12th
day of March, 191S.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Chester A'. Nelson. Jacob J. Karlan.
"orniel Witnoet. Isaac J. French, all
"f Hereford. Arizona.
JOHN L. IRVIN. Register, j
"rst publication February 9, 1918.
uast publication, March 11, 1918.
AJv. 101
'hree year Proof, to establish claim to
he land above described, before Jared
D. Taylor, U. S. Commissioner, at Bis
bee. Arizona, on the 12th day of March
1918.
Claimant names as witnesses:
"nk Cobbe. of Hereford, Arizona,
Georce L. Dunn, of Stark. Arizona.
Jacob C. Baker. Robert Arborn. both
of Hereford. Arizona.
JOHN L. IRVIN. Register,
"rst publication. Fehruary 9. 191$.
T-iFt publication. March 11. 191S.
Adv. 100
mm
l -v
- r. i 1 - s
- i-
jJUNIOR ORDER UNITED AMERI
CAN MECHANICS.
Meets In Medigovich
Hall, second and fourth
Tuesdays each month.
Visiting brothers wel
come. S. F. BENTON. Councillor.
ij. L. BENTON, Recording Secretary.
j KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS.
V n.iLi t t. . n
Knights of Pythiaa,
meets each Thursday
(except second) in Odd
Fellows' Hall at 7:30
p. m. Visiting brothers
cordially invited.
LEON H. RICE. C. C.
EARL SOBLEY. K. of R. S.
FRATERNAL ORDER OF EAGLES.
Bisbee Aerie, No. 175, F. O. E., meets
first and third MONDAYS, 8 p. m..
Eagles Hall. Visitors cordially wel
come. J. F. WILMOTH. President
F. C. FENDERSON. Secretary.
C. L. EDMONDSON, Aerie Physician.
LODGE NO. 671.
Regular meeting first and third Fri
day of each month. Visiting brothers
cordially invited to attend.
R. E. WARNER, Exalted Ruler.
J. A. KELLY. Secretary.
KNIGHTS AND LADIES OF SECUrT
TY, BISBEE COUNCIL NO. 2115.
Meets every second and fourth Sat
urdays in the month at I. O. O. f.
Hall. 7:30 p. m. Visiting members are
cordially invited.
ARNOLD SCHMID. President.
P. O. Box 3483, Lowell. Arts.
FREDERICK J. ATTAWAY.
Secretary, LowelL
E. LINDQU1ST, Financial Secretary,
P. O. Box 3246. LowelL
BISBEE LODGE, NO. 10, I. O. O. F.
meets every
WEDNESDAY
evening at Odd
Fellows' Hall.
Main street at 7:00 o'clock. Visiting
brothers cordially Invited to attend.
Hall phone 119.
H. R. TAYLOR, N. G.
CARL V. NELSON, Secretary.
ORDER OF EASTERN STAR.
meets in Masonic Ha!'
Peal. Chapter,. No. 6. meets
In Masonic Hall second ana
fourth Tuesday of ear."
month at 7:30 o m.
MRS. EMMA WOODS, W. M.
Phone 161. Box 43. Bisbee.
MRS. JESSIE BEVAN. Secy. P. O.
Box 2299, Chairman Relief Com.,
Phone 161.
WEES ENDING MARCH D
Monday
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thiimilftv IlltiA Voir
U Friday-
Saturday
V. V. GIDLEY. W. M '
a T. W ATKINS. Sey. F. & A- M.
S. W. TOLAND. E. II. P.
C. F. PHILBROOK. T. I. M.
F. E BENNETT, E. C.
F. S. DAVENPORT, Secretary Chap
ter and Commandery.
W. It BANKS, Secretary Council.
T. F. B.
FRATERNAL
BROTHERHOOD
B!bee Lodge No.
the 1st
'TT-Hy and 3rd M
of each mc
T:30 at 3
on days
month at
Medio
vich Hall. Visit
ing members cordially Invited.
PHIL DAVIS. President
MRS. C. E. FINOTTI. Treasurer.
Box 722. Tel. 236, Red.
KATHERINE SALHOLM. Secretary.
MODERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA.
Bisbee Camp No. 13415.
Meets first Tuesday at
Odd Fellows' Hall.
R. L. MOTZ. ConsuL
H. F. MATHEWSON.
Clerk.
Bj C A. VOIGHT
VJWCU DAW6ER. il
The Corwer.
1
Nleu
r Sao it,
"Don !!
m4k --a
! V
I
I
- . k I ) EIGHT
TODAY
CONTINUOUS FROM
1 TO 11.
The sinner and his victim meet The result is a struggle to the death a spirited, a terrific, a William Farnum
struggle. Ail lovers of motion pictures know what that means.
William Fox Presents William Farnum
IN
A Fox Standard Picture in Eight Acts. The cleanup.
battles for the right, and wins over everyone.
ADMISSION Matinee, 15 Cents;
Orpheum Theatre
FOUR NIGHTS, STARTING
Thursday, March 7th
WITH MY PERSONAL GUARANTEE.
A. J. DETLOFF.
THE SUPREME MUSICAL SHOW OF THE SEASON
Mr. Lou Jacobs
(HIMSELF)
AND HIS OWN INCOMPARABLE
Iitsic
, COMPANY
INCLUDING
Eunice Oilman
AND THE MOST BEAUTIFUL CHORUS
EVER BROUGHT TO ARIZONA,
OPENING WITH
"Forward, larch"
A Ringing, Swinging, Singing Musical Oddity.
PRICES 25c, 50c, 75c, $1.00.
SEAT SALE STARTS Monday, March 4, 10 A. M.
Y.W.CA. CAFETERIA
OPEN TO THE PUBLIC
Prices Reasonable
Breakfast 6:50 to 8:30
LunchJ 11:30 to 1:20
Dinner 5:00 to 6:30
The
Beautiful
Balcony
Lower Floor
Reserved Seats
5c
.100
-20c
RUTH CLIFFORD and
MONROE SALISBURY
in
Rupert J.il;an Production
"The Door Between"
In Five Parts.
This attraction Is based on
Samuel Merwin's clever story,
"Anthony the Absolute," and
Rupert Julian has made one of
his most beautiful productions.
Oriental scenes Dd scenery
lend an added charm ot the
artistic presentation.
MUTT AND JEFF in
"Harps and Halos."
ANIMATED WEEKLY
News of the World in
Motion Picture.
LYRIC
REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS
PrIEUM
MAN TO
rp
kl .- L.T
I
SZ3
Business Locals
OR. EDWARD COLMAN
Chiropractor and Osteopath, ner
vousness and rheumatism a specialty.
Office Johnson Block, opposite John
son Addition car htop. Adv. 359
Phone 45 or 750 for prices on paint
ing and paper-hanging. New goods
now here. Guarantee Paint Co.
Adv. 280
Will boys who found purse on Baker
ville road Sundiy night with bank
You don't Lave .to wear a ready
made suit for Easter why will you
do it? Order your Easter suit now
and get It in time to be dressed
better than the best
JOE DICKSTEIN
Agsnt for The Royal Tailor.
Made to Measure Clothes.
Main St., Next to Daily Review.
DANCE
EAGLE HALL
EVERY
WEDNESDAY AND
SATURDAY
EVENING
8:30
fiaa,
al Comedy
1 (F. O.
I SHAW'S 0
1V
E. 175)
ORCHESTRA
THE BISBEE
THEATRE
MAN
A LION
All odds against him, he wades into the thick of the fight,
Night, 15 Cents and 25 Cents. .
! book of Eva Byruo in, leave same at
Dank of Lowell and receive reward?
' Adv. 643
j ROCKHILL'S STAGE
i Bisbee-Tombstone, Leaves Blsbee
Bisbee Anto Co., ? a. bl. 1:30 p. m. 7
Phone Bisbee 5. Adv.
For noon day lunca, go to the i
35c combinations;
combinations.
choice of three;XWENT)ETH CENTURY CLUB.
Adv. 317
For expert watch and jewelry re
pairing see A. Z. Megede. the Lowell
Jeweler. All work guaranteed.
Adv. 542
MATERNITY HOME
Call Black 573 for terms, etc.
Advertisement 974
For good, juicy broiled steak, etc.
the only place you can Ret them is at
the English Kitchen. Try a home
made Challenge Pastry.
Adv. ZM
NOTICE.
There will be a stockholders' meet-
!ing of the Two Nations Mining snd
' Development company held in Room
i 1. Muheim Bldg., for the election of
! officers on March 10th, at 7 p. m.
J. F. WALKER, Pres
I . Adv. 435
, SUIT CASES.
$2.00 suit cases .now $1.65. Kobey's,
opposite Eagle theater. Adv. 539
I
. NOTICE.
Any carpenters desiring ship wort
with the government would do wfII
i by applying to secretary of Local
( 1648, at Union HalL Meetings every
I Tuesdav evening at 7 o'clock.
! " Adv. 454
A. Z. Megede, the Lowell Jeweler,
has an up-to-date Jewelry Store. Call
and see him if in need of anything in
his line. Adv. 542
L. L Oilman sells the New Edison,
'the phonograph with a souL
Reduce the high cost of living by
bringing your shoes to our repair de
partment. Kobey's, opposite Eagle
theater. Adv. 538
See our new wall papers. Guarantee
Paint Co. Phone 45 or 750. Adv. 280
Expert paper Danger ana palntec C
(. Brandt. Phone 456. Box 150. 58t
Dr. Playfalr, Osteopath, 98 Mason
HilL Mason car atop. Phone Blue 647
Adv. 231
NOTICE.
The Warren Sulphur & Oil stock, 15
cents per share until March 10th. 1918.
See F. Brigg8 & Co., opposite Central
Theater, Lowell. 460
NOTICE.
There will be a stockholders' meet
ing of the Santa Cruz-Bisbeo Mining
company held in Room 1. Muheim
Bidg. for the election of officers and
other business on March 10th, at 2
p. m.
J. F. WALKER, Pres.
Adv. 431
Who's your jeweler? Why not try
A. Z. Megede. the Lowell Jeweler, for
your wants in watches, clocks, silver
ware and musical instruments? A. Z.
Megede, the Lowell Jeweler. Adv. 542
CARD OF THANKS
We wish to thank the friends and
relatives for their kindness during the
illness and death of our beloved hus
band and father, Joseph Tramposch.
also for the beautiful floral offerings.
Mrs. Joseph Tramposch,
Joseph Tramposch, Jr.,
William Tramposch,
Alma Tramposch.
Josephine Tramposch.
Adv. 637
DUAL WEDDING.
At the Presbyterian church, at
seven o'clock. Sunday evening. Lieut.
Ward Hale Maris, of the Tenth Field
artillery, stationed at Douelas, was
married to Miss Anna 1-ois Fisher,
and Lieut. Kenneth Htnry Pair, of
the same organization, was married
to Miss Willetta Madeline Sparks,
the R?v. Allan Kriohbaum officiating.
Both brides were from Douglas.
PHILADELPHIA. Mar. 4. "We will
not be a strictly free people until
lrt.000 German propagandists in this
state have been hanged to telegraph
poles and shot full of holes."
This statement was made today by
Howard Heinz, I(-deral food d:rints
trator for Penssenylvania.
DAILY REVIEW. TUESDAY
TODAY
CONTINUOUS FROM
1 TO 11.
sit
City Briefs
Has anyone visited yoa?
have you entertained? If so, call
the Review alter 6 p. m. and tell
the Society Editor, Phone 39.
The regulaf bi-monthly meeting ot
the Twentieth Century Club will take ,
place at the club room in the Y build- j
ing today at two thirty. ;
RETURN TO BISBEE. '
Mr. and Mrs. Williams returned yes
terday from Cedarville, N. M., whore
they attended the funeral of Mrs. Wii- j
Hams" father, E. S. Phillips. j
RUFFNER IN HOSPITAL.
E. G. Ruffner, head of the whole-
sale grocery department at the Phelps I
Dodge store, will be operated on this'
morning t.y Dr. Hunt at the CopperJ
Queen hospital for appendicitis. i
I WAS IN TOMBSTONE.
I Alexander Murray was
in Tomb-
I stone yesterday on
business before
i the superior court,
baring a case set
for trial.
DANCE TONIGHT.
Another one of the popular dances
is scheduled for tonight at Brophy
Hall in Lowell and the management i
promises to furnish some real music
for the occasion.
CORRECTS NAME.
The Review wishes to correct the'
name of a local young man who was I
sent to Ei Paso for enlistmsnt in tle j
navy last week. The correct name ts ! t
P. Dnlv instead of R Dalv as nrinred. If
ADDRESS TONIGHT.
Eider W. H. Mannering will speak
tonight on the interesting subject of
'The Millennium Near," at 7:30 p. m.,
at Women's Club house. Quality hill.
All welcome. Bring your , iriends.
LEAVES FOR COAST.
Among passengers last evening for
the Pacific coast was Mis. W. H. Bro
phy of Bisbee, prominent worker in
the Red Cross snd other patriotic
causes, who goes to. San Francisco for
an indefinite visit.
GOES TO LOS ANGELES.
Mrs. B. Bradley, of this city, left
last night on the Golden State limited
for Los Angeles, where she will visit
with friends and relatives.
CAUGHT WITH WHISKEY.
John Nolisky, who claims to be a
stranger in this locality, was caught
last nieht lust after the arrival of
the Golden State Limited by Officer
Tex Barton with two cases filled with
quart bottles of 'whiskey. It was
bootleg at that.
MAJOR SHINE RETURNS.
Major F. E. Shine is Lack in Bisbee
for a week from Phoenix while Mrs.
Shine returned last week from Santa
Barbara where she was called because
of an accident to their ton Raymond.
He is reported to be doii'g nicely and
bis mishap is reported as, not serious.
ACCEPTS NEW POSITION.
Oscar E. Bretx. for some time sales
man for the Phelps-Dodge Mercantile
company, yeterday accepted a position
with the Anderson Grocery company,
in Tombstone Canyon, fil'ing a vacan
cy caused when T. B. Dewrick who
leaves tonight for San Francisco
where be will join his fbinily.
ELKS ANNOUNCE DANCE.
Invitations for the regular monthly
dance of 3. P. O Elks. Vlsbee Lodge.
No. 671, to be held in the lodge dance
hall next Friday night, were issued
yesterday. All iocal Elk:, and visiting
members in the district, tire urged to
attend.
SOCCER GAME SUNDAY.
Following thMr deftat at the hands
of the Eleventh Field artillery, at
Douglas, last Sunday, the Bisbee Soc
cer football team has challenged the
army aggregation for a return game
Id b- played on the Warren field next
Sunday. The game last Sunday re
sulted in the defeat of the Bisbee i
team by the score of 5 to 2. The army
boys have a crack team, declare mem
bers of the BUbee eleven. Jack Gil
bert, captain of the Bisbee team. dc-.
lares that th? game of next Sunday j
will be tfie fastest ever witnessed on.'
he local field. Both teams, he states,
play good football, but the army out
fit has the speed to their advantage.
Lineups of roth teams ill be au
nouneed later this week.
MORNING, MARCH 5, 1918.
TODAY LAST TIME.
a n
A Thrilling Drama of Life on the Sheep Ranges of the Great Southwest
FROM THE STORY BY FRANK KENYON.
ADMISSION Matinee, 15 Certs; Night, 15 Cents and 25 Ccn's.
TONIGHT
HARRY (Irish) BERNARD'S
MUSICAL MERRYMAKERS
In the One-Act Comedy "DOUBLE CROSSED"
O
"7
CEYS
Personal Items
G. J. Germain of Los
the city for a few day3.
Angeies is in
Ed. Cohen of Chicago 5s a Bisbee
visitor.
L. T.Velasco of Los Angeles is here
on business.
H. Cuthbert oi Los Angeles is stop-1
ping at tle Copper Queen hotel.
' S. R. Jennings of El i"aso is spend
ing a few days here.
H. M. McLellan and wife of Phoenix
are at the Copper Queer hotel.
L. Campman of Phoenix Is here for
a short stay.
Justin 0. Daspi. of Douglas is here
on government business
S. H. Hoffman of Douglas is a Bisbee
visitor.
A. H. Child of PoupHs is stopping
at the Copper Queen hotel. i
Mr. and Mrs. W. W. PuMett of Doug
las arrived in Bisbee yesterday.
Jules F. Jacques of Douglas is visit- j
ing here. j
F. F. Best of Dooglas i here on bus
iness. C. R. Doniinguez of Douglas was a
Bisbee visitor yesterday.
A. F. Parker of l'hoems is here on a
business trip
II. I. Itimar of Chicago H a Bisbee
visitor.
Mrs. M. J. Elsing of Cnimrea arrived
in Bisbee yesterda.
Ed Mitchell and wife are registered
at the Cooper Q ieen hotel.
Mr. and Mrs. Ed Redmond are back
in 1 !ls bee
E. E. McKittrick of fananea regis
tered at the Copper Qu n hotel yes
terday. A cup to suit
vcur taste
R INSTANT
POSTUM
s
can be made nr.y
strsn?th dcsirea
-in the cup.
r. P
tl
No boi!in$-A su$ar saver.
Ids:
Continuous 1 to 11.
PARAMOUNT PRESENTS
n v.
AS THE DANCE HALL GIRL. .
JUG.
STARTING 6:15.
ART CRAFT PRESENTS
A V .10
M
IN THAT GREAT DRAMA OF
TO BALDPATE"
ADMiSSION 25 Cents and 35
Mrs. Paul
to Bisbee.
T. Murphy has returned
W. R. Buchanan of Cisco, Utah, ar
rived here yesterday.
Douglas Gray of Tombstone was a
I-.isbee guest yesterday.
REVIEW WANT ADS FGS RESULTS
American
Shoe Shining
Parlor
The onlv first-class shoe shining
parlor in town. For ladies, gentle
men and children. We also handle
Fresh Cut Flowers Daily
FOREST FLEMING, Prop.
ALLEN BLOCK.
AL
Cut Prices on Every Article in
the House.
SHOES $2.85 Up
SUIT CASES $1.45 Up
SHIRTS 33 1-3 Per Cent Off
KHAKI TROUSERS $1.03
All Other Articles 25 Off
We carry a Complete Line of Clothing, Gents' Fur
nishings, Hats, Caps, Gloves, Suit Cases and Notions.
SALE STARTS TUESDAY MORNING, MARCH 5th.
Golden Rule Store
LOWELL
"Let U Save You Money."
TODAY LAST TIME.
Ward
LEVEL
9?
THEATRE
TONIGHT
MYSTERY
Cents,
HENNESSY
Undertaking Parlors
PKONE 15.
O K ST.
10 -Cent Dance
Brophy Hall, Lowell
Every Tuesday and Satur
day Night.
Hannan's Orchestra
Four Fieces.
Dancing Lessons for Be
ginners between 6:30 and
8 P. M. at E0 CENTS per
Lesson.
.-si-.
COHAN