if
TWO SECTIONS
Sixteen Pages.
Associated Pre Special Leased Wire Service.
THE EISBEE DAILY REVIEW. SUNDAY MORNING, JUNE 9, 1918.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOL 20, No. 312.
r t1 ff
AMERICAN
SCAPES
IN LONG CHASE
Races at Full Speed for Week
to Evade German Subma
rines Off Atlantic Coast;
Arrives Safely
iV.y Review Leased Wire)
AN ATLANTIC PORT, June 8.
Racing at full speed for nearly a
week to escapa German submarines
an American steamship arrived to
day from the West Indies with 59
passengers, more than half of
whom were women and children.
With the first inkling that U
boats were at work, the captain,
ordered the engineers to get up
every pound of steam possible and
then ran far ofj the route usually
followed. Life boats were pre
pared for instant lowering and
passengers warned that if they ap
peared on deck they would be
thrown Into irons.
Both crew and passengers show
ed the tension under which they
had been. Frank P. Gilroy, a min
ing engineer from Denver, In re
lating his experiences, paid tribute
to the work of officers and men
and to the courage of the women
passengers.
REJOICE OVER DESTRUCTION
AMSTERDAM, June 8. News of
the German U-boats operations on the
American coast receives page head
lines in the latest German newspapers
reaching here and all details available
pre greedily seized upon. The pres0;,
moreover, takes the occasion once !
more to launch its tirade against the
United States and the president of the
United States and to endeavor to find
some offset and comfort for the stead
ily assembling American hosts in
France, which, despite the abuse by
the German papers of Premier Clem
enceau for the Inspiration tor France
he finds in the coming of the Ameri
cans, is evidently viewed with any
thing but equanimity in Germany.
The Cologne Gazette concludes a vio
lent diuiribrf a,ii.ust Aijcrlt.r:
Fist of War Lord
"It is therefore only right and fair
that we, too, 'make use of our war
means and show the friends of human
ity in their home land whata war
looks like and what it means. Our U
boats first visited the American coasts
for legitimate peaceful commerce. The
North Americans may now feel the
fist of the war lord.
"They need not be surprised. Hn
who sows the wind reaps the whilr
wind, even when he sits on the other
side of the great herring pond, where
he is under the delusion that he is safe
from the storm."
The Cologne Volkes Zeitung talks
about "those who are prosecuting a
starvation war against our wives and
children having revealed to them off
of their own coasts the seriousness of
war, when the new strategy of our U
boat war, which technically is becom
ing increasingly ferfectted, is also di
rected against the other shore of the
Atlantic ocean. This in view of the
character of our American opponents
evokes on all sides the liveliest satis
faction amongst the German peoples."'
CRITICS IN GERMANY
LONDON, June 8. A Reuter dis
patch from Amsterdam says the policy
of sending U-boats to raid shipping of
the American coast has critics in Ger-
(Contimied on Pape Five)
Apache Indian Shoots Two Squaws
And Flees to Gila County Hills
(T.y Review Leased Wire)
GLOBE. Ariz.. June 8 Mackay
C. H. 2. an Apache Indian, shot
and killed his wife and another
squaw. Mrs. Isaac Cutter, follow
ing a "tulapi" celebration at the
old Rock House on Ash Creek.
Wednesday afternoon. The only
witnesses to the killing are two
aged squaws and a small Indian
child. The child says the squaws
and Mackay were discussing the
killing of a chi!d at Cibecue, and
tbpt Mackay (old them if they
did not stop talking about the
killing he would kill all of them.
CI . Tir f if TT'II T Ti
oixiy muraerea
.
in uurango; bu.uuu resos otoleni wRn schools n.d oner s. hois where
ithe number of boys above H years
i exceeds fifty.
EL TASO, Teaxs, June 8 Sixty
train guards and passengers were
killed when bandits attacked a
pasenger train at Las Olas. Duran
go. near Tepbuanes. May 27. ac
cording to a delayed message
which was received here tonight
from Duranso City. A rail was
removed from the track and the
train wrecked, the train guard of
federal soldiers having been killed
during the attack which followed.
Three wounded passengers were
burned to death when the bandits
set fire to the train after robbing
SHIP iSCIEilTISTS FiiiD,
IffpOOD CCilWSI
iu mm mm
Definite Conclusions Obtain
able Only After Compari
son of Photographs; Den
ver Meets Disappointment
rty Review Leased Wire)
HAKER, Ore., June 8. Untimely
tw.!iig'!t fast folowc-d by a deeper
dullness, swept over a strip of tne j
northwest rifty miles wide today when j
(iie solar eclipse, predicted by astron-
i omers, came to pass. The phenomenon
i found noted scientists hecr to study
and photograph the suns corona and
I spectrum. Dtfiake conc lusions draw
from these observations will be avail-t
i able only after comparison of results
attained and deductions as to their
' significance. The boservaiions were j
declared to be successful, a sr.ght t
cloudiness being the only drawback. I
Scientist: Rewarded i
Those devoting their time to study
of the corona were amply rewarded j'
for the wonderful colored glow of the
! inner circle with its moving multi- j
i colored shafts of light. It was maxi
I mum biihspot type, with the g!owiig j
iand pulsating light nearly equally ci it- :
j fused about the sun surface, whose I
i prominences also were plainly visible, j
.Those watching for effects on nature I
were also rewarded, for crescent i
' -i 1 i - .. K r. .1 . i I
some lai'.ea aiiogetner oi resuus iu
this particular detail of study.
Scientificaly the ec lipse, as observed
by astronomers of Uie United Sta;e3
naval observatory, was successful.
While the sky was not entirely clear,
lipht hazy clouds prevailing are not
believed to have rcrious'.y hampered
observations.
Clouds Not Hinderance
"We secured fine results undoubted
ly," salu J. C. Hammond, head of the
naval observatory party. "The thin
clouds hindred little, if any."
That the photographK uid sprectres
copic work will produce most success
ful results, was the opinion of Dr. 3.
A. Mitchell, director of Ieander Me- i
Cormkk lobservatory. University cJL' I
Virginia. He has been to many for
eign land for similar study and in J
(ompi.rl.i.T oV!er atlon? cisc h ( r z j
with those today, he said:
"The conditions were better thnn (
during the Sumatra eclipse, but not I
quite so good as in Spain, where an
absolutely clear sky prevailed. H.)w
ever, we certainly will get excellent i
results from our work today and the ;
expedition was a success, and very
much worth while."
According to Dr. Mitchell the first
contact of eclipse in Spain was ten
seconds early, showing closer calcul
ations in the present instance than
then.
DISAPPOINTMENT AT DENVER
DENVER. Colo., .Tune 8. Astron
omers from the staff of the Yerkea
observatory of the University ot Chi
cago and other observatories who
observe the co'or effect on the" rlo-jd
of the approachln
darkness. Wren
the eclipse was total and a sepulchre
like pallor spread, deepening into such
darkness that automobile headlights
were lighted, a brilliant electrical
storm was visible in the mountains
many miles to the southwest.
When the turn finally broke through
the clouds at 6:05 p. ni., only the up
per left hand corner of the sun was
obscured by the moon and telescopic
photographs weer taken by the Dean
Herbert A. Howe of Denver university,
who declared the work here, and the
observations were of little Importance
Continued on Pane Five)
After shooting his squaw and the
other Indian woman, he started
after the child, but she made her
escape. "The other bucks were in
the hills hunting horses and did
not return until Friday nk-ht.
They notified the county author
ities here and Deputies Kilgore
and Tillman were sent to (he Ash
Creek district. The bodies were
so badly decomposed that the offi
cers buried them close to the
scene of the murder. All of the
reservation Indian plice are hunt
ing the murderer, who has so far
eluded bis pursuers.
oy vma vanaiisrj;:": mi rr
" , ., ... j : ,,.., ,i.... :
it of 60.000 pesos that was being
sent to pay the Durango troops.
The first information of a raid
made on the town of Valparaiso.
Zaratecas on May 29th, was also
received here tonight. One hun
dred members of the home guard
were killed and a number of girls
and women carried off by the
bandit b-ind which numbered Sort.
Six Villa followers were cap
tured and executed near Oiinaga,
Chihuahua, yesterday according to
information received here today
from Presidio, Texas.
PHESIDEXTS XEWEST PHOTO SU017S r
HOW HE RETAINS HEALTH A XI) 'ILP"
IfZTJrrl' " "...
$i (
i
U"'--A
Hi i P Ir.
.V
President Wilso as he looks today.
The remarkable manner in which President Wi'son retains his health
and "pep" under the constant strain of the war is the topic of conversa
tion whenever public officials pather and whenever the president apicars
in public. This photo of him, the latest one, shows that the lin-is of cr
and worry on his face are no deeper now than they were a few months
after the break with Germany. His close associates attribute this to tha
fact that he has developed a way of throwing oil his burdens an hour or
two each day fori walk, a spin into the country, a game of golf or jjst a
short visit with friends and Mrs. Wilson. r
ER PROVOKES
V
CALL
FOR RETURNiWlNNING WA
OF DEATH PENALTY
rtv Review Leased Wire)
PHOLN1X, Arh... June S. Late In
l!:e eftei-noon there was a joint reso
lution in the bouse of the legislature
icr a constitutional amendment to b'f
submitted to the people netx Novem
ber for the restoration of capital pun
ishment in tills stale. The reso'inion
was. provoked by the fiendish inuM;r
of a
clay.
Kinnll hnv neir Me-i cm Thurs- 1 ' '" ""i'"' - tacv snon. success u cm- iuci iuac in- n& i t
siuaii do near -icsa. on iimrs i i ,i,.( ... .1...11 i.i..,,. i n,iu .,. . . . . .... U...... .... t....i.:
The amendment will reserve to
lhe lopiplatiye department of the state
the power to restrict the governors
power of onioning paroles, commuta
tion and reprieves. The resolution
was placed on the calendar of the com
mittee of the whole on Monday.
A;most the whole of the half day
session of the senate was given over! over aga.n.
to a farewell to Senator Ernest Hall i "A fifty-fifty American is no Ameri
of Maricopa, who has enlisted in the ran at all." Mr. Roosevelt declared.
Twentv-third engineers and left the ; "Wo must have a nation all American.
city.
No business was completed in either
housrt. Preparations were mad-? to
take up other council of defense bills
early, next week in the hope that one
of them may be found acceptable to
a majority.
The bouse committee of the w'ao'e
recommended the passage of a bill for
the confiscation of automobiles or
I other vehicles taken while being used
to transport intoxicating liquors with
the state.
ANTI-LOAFING BILL
(SVi-ci.-il to Tho Review)
PHOENIX. Ariz.. June 8 eain the
t.iF.. vi uj ...... ..,....
house in considering the anti-loafinu;
bill, which the socialistic members are
trying to talk to death. It has gone ;
over to Monday, on successful block- i
ins of a vote in committee of the'
whole.
The radicals insist on an amend
ment that wealth also may be con
scripted, thouch the bill makes no
class distinction.
The balance of the day in the house
was spent in discussion of a bill which
would permit the confiscation of
chi'.les in Vhich booze is transporter
.. ."..... n' '
Americanization bills are held up in
the senate for the possible submis-
sion or the council of derense bills,
cm which p frrsh .start is to be made
Mondav.
Senator Hull, who has enlisted as a
private in the engineers, was given n
-ati-h and service kit. with much cere-
niony and many speeches of good will.
"
FIVE THOUSAND FOR WOOL
RENO. Nov., June S Nevada auc
tioned its two pounds of White House
wool tonight to the I nion Wool Com
pany for $;,ort.
i
4 i J) '
-. A
7
: v;... . , a
Mr
III
IIFVI
HPS'
S 11 fi,
UllS
jlllS -
COLONEL'S TOPICS
(i:y Review leased Wire)
OMAHA, Neb., June 8 Colonel The
odore Roosevelt delivered his address
here tonight on "Winning the War.
-,
ail
"I have two subjects tonight," s
Mr. Roosevelt. "One is our immediate I
dvty to win the war. The other I am
.o one..! v......
try notning dui Americanism. I snail
Kay a lew i.iua cuu uu nic ueni ul
preparedness as a part of our perma-
nent policy, because while America
may be excused for making a mistake
once, no man can be excused for ad
mitting a mistake and then making it
ja nation with one flag, a nation with !
'one language. Those who do not want j
to he ltiO percent Americans in a 100 .
, per cent America should, stay away.
"Further, I appeal to you that we
may never again be surprised in a
state of unprcparedness. I say to you.
don't fight .unless you have to, but if
you have to fight, fight. And to be
capable of fighting you mufct be pre
pared. Prepare in peace, not for war
but against war. Let us be in a posi
tion where other nations will know
that we do right because we believe
(i 'ontinueil on 1k' Ktvei
!. w.TpTotted
TO AVOID draft
I CHICAGO. June 8 Further evi
: dence that members of the I. W. W.
planned to resist the draft and to
''avoid service in the national army it
--''nrrn,r'r Z
i presented today In the trial of the
membeis of that organization.
Mrs. Helen Clumtland of Ashley.
Mich., a sister of Herman Reed, one
of the indicted men who has not been i
apprehended, identified as Reed's a let
j ier wri- cii io i , ,.,, ,ke,
; of bis determination to fight the sclcc-
jtivedrait.
Sheriff .1. II. Metcalfe of Kalispell,
! Mont., testified that Olin 15. Anderson.
one -if (he defendants had been ccrfi-
tied ly the draft board of Kalispell
I but bad failed (o appear.
Sheriff Metcalfe said he arretted
i Anderson after the indictment.; were
.returned and found in his possession
much I. W. W. literature advocating
' resistance to the draft regulations
V
uwmm
M OFFENSIVE
i PARIS ENDS if!
DEFENSE OF GAINS
Prussians in Chsteau Thierry
Sector Forced to Retreat
Several' Miles; Hun Artil
lery Opens Up Again
In the battl- field of the Marno
whee a week ao iho Germans were
hurling thir masses of troops against
the western side of the wedge they
i Will driven into the allied lines in ti.e
battle that began on May 2t. the Te.t
; ions are now standing virtually on the
j tl feusive in the Chateau Thierry sec
jti.r. American and French troops are
purtieipating in a reaction on the ex
't renin tip of the salient and are mak-
isre progress in I his important region,
jlhe Hritish are engaged on the other
! side ot the wed'e between the Marn.
! ami Kheims.
j Report Many Gains
While the operations take the nat
ure of local attacks, they have had
! their effe.ct in driving the Germans
jbr.ck from the points they reached o:'.
ithe crest of the wave that carried
I them far on the road to Paris. The
Attacks, which began just to the north
east of Chateau Thierry, are spreading
Ji.f.rthward along the line and every
where the allies leport ground recov
ered from the cntmy.
! The rash of the American marine.?
lend the French on Thursday afternoon
!bas not continued to gain ground is
fast os it did at the inception of th.j
novement but it is still going on. In
the meantime thev have withstood dent Marshall. Speaker Clark and
two violent attacks by the German j many high government officials were
rnd have repulsed the enemy In fie- gathered at American league park and
eisive fashion. ithev appeared to find keen enjovmcnt
rfeports from the whole battle liiiojjn baseball as played by the selected
iu France 'p to the effect tha thre (representatives of the peon'e. The
-.!s been renewed activity on the part players, too. enjoyed themselves until
r f the Oermav: artillerv in several sec- the novelty of running bases anil chas
ter? of the front. Notablp among th in the ball was supplanted bv v.-.nrv
r"gions under bombardment 5.5 the line muscles and shortening breath. Offi
hptvc'i N'ovorv and MonMidior. ! cirlly, the game was called on account
Strategic Value of Ground
It is rlone this line that a heavy
PTipmy offensive has been expected by
mili'arv experts since the momentum
r-i thf Oermnn nijvnnce fr.-m the Aisae
,iins c'ied awav.' When' ;iie German?
ntshed wet from St. Ouentln late in
I 'rlrcn an1 Par'v in April, the line from
.Novon to Montrtidier was almost enual
In importance to flint in fmnt of Am
I iens. The French forces were rushed
to ths front and fought savaeelv to
stop the German advance and retake
eronnd which was of strategic and tac
tical Imnortanre.
t the snm time, the Woerre sec
tntr. just to the pnuthenst of Verdun -
Is cialmin'r attention. Large1 move
ments of enomv troons in the direction
of ft. Mihiel have hern repulsed bv
laeria! observers and there nre indica-
! ,. ..... ... .... .
tion iint Tne pnsuions or tn Amen -
cans alone this part ot the front mav
jho in thf gtorn, rtPr of tprrifi(, nt.
, -j )1P ndvantares to oe trained hy th"!
Germans if they succeed in hreakimr j
i fh)-, lir,p j,rQ manifold Eighteen
I n,ilP9 vi-P.t of St. Mihiel is the town of
j rar r.r Due. and still further wesf-
nmini'M on r.-iir KIvo)
MERCHANT FLEET
SECOND IN WORLD
Vy Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. June S The steady
growth of the Ameriacn merchant ma
rine in all classes of vessels was re
vealed today fcr the first time since
war began in statistics from the de
partment of commerce, showing that
in the first five months of this year
there have been built in this country
and officially numbered by the bur
eau of navigation a total of B29 ves
sels of fiST.O.".") gross tons.
The merchant fleet of the United
States now amounts to approximately
lii.Oi'O.OuO gross tons, not including
merchant craft under control of the
army and navy as transports and sup
ply ships. At the beginning of Janu
ary "fi.742 merchant vessels of 9.:i4:t.-
224 gross tons were flying the stars j
and stripes.
Second to England
This fleet is second only to the
merchant tonnage of Great Britain.
There has been a steady increase in
new shins this year, the May tonnage
being three times ps great as the
January output. In the January there
were r.7 ships (if 6-1.7'.') tons gtvpn of-
f'ci.il numbers and in May ISi .ships j
of 194.4til tons.
In a single mouth this year t.hr
American merchant fleet has seen a,
growth almo-t i:s gnat as during the!
entire first year of the Europe in war. j
CONCRETE SHIPS SATISFACTORY '
WASHINGTON. June S. - Evidence!
that the rovcrnpieut regards the cor-!
crrte ship a- having passed beyond the'
st. mo of epcriinept to heeoMie a pr.ic-!
Heal and eilicient aid in (lie country!
transportation system, was given to-
(Continued on Pace I'l-r)
Globe Slacker
Didn't Enow
U. S. Was at War
CLOEE, Ariz., June 3. Twenty
three men are held in the county
jail awaiting induction into ' the
army service. The men are all
that remain from the round-up
conducted here Thursday night.
During the examination of one of
the prisoners at Miami last night,
one man, an American, giving his
age as. 27. tcld the investigator
he did not know he was compelled
to register for army service and
addaci that he did not know there
was any war between the United
States and Germany.
WILSON LAVS Off
11111 nm
!T0 JOIN ROOTERS
IN HOUSE'S CLASH
i!r Review Leasetl Wije
WASHINGTON", June 8. President
Wilson laid aside the cares of state
today to see the democrats and repubr
llcans of the Hoilse of Representatives
struggle through their annual baseball
game, which went for six and one-half
innings and was staged for the benefit
of the American Red Cross. For on-c
there was no debate as to the winner
The official scorer said the minority
representatives had 19 runs to 5 fi r
the majority party players, and noboc'y
disputed him
Besides the president. Vice Presi
I of darkness, though play ended long
(before the sun went into eclipse.
j The democrats were unahli -o solve
the delivery of Representative Mudd
of Maryland.
Representative Delaney of New
York started out as box man for the
democrats and was touched for hree
runs in the opening round. In the
third Representative MeCIitHi-' of Ok
lahoma, catcher and boss of the dem
ocratic nine, inserted himself into the
pitcher's position. ! German batteries, opening at S o'chn k
The republicans went ris;ht along this mornJng. continued "throughout
piling up runs and they sewd up the , the day in the Toul sector. There wa
contest in the fifth round. With 'he j no otiier activity, however, the I.une
bases full Pitcher Mudd came to th vilie sector was quiet,
bat. Delaney went over from bis po- 1
jsition at third base to give MeClintic
I some pointers on what to throw the
i republican pitcher. Mudd responded
'I... A 1, nnn Tkl . - ,
i l,v wwuni iii; ium t a
! shins, clearing the bases.
The republicans lay much of their
i in-ira .ui jrauumt inusn', n ine-
CCrorlnaKl on Pane Five)
DISCUSS DIVER PROBLEM
ll!v Review I.rasetl Wire)
WASHINGTON. June 8 The sub
marine situation 'was di.jcnssed at a
spe:-iil meeting today of fio naval
c.Miviliirfc- board.
Alter the session it was announced
hat more than fi.VOoO inventions des-'g-ri.ed
to assist in naval warfare
had been examined by the V;ir l in
tho three years since it was created.
Berlin Newspapers Belittle Benefits
Of American Military Aid in War
rtv Review Leased Wire)
AMSTERDAM. June 8 -Still fol
lowing the policy of belittling for
the benefit of the German people
the vaiue of American military
help in the war. the correspondent
of the Tages Zeitung. devotes the.
whole of his latest dispatch from
headquarters to n scornful depre
cation of the part played by the
Americans against the German of
fensive. Professing to summarize traces
of American assistance to the en
tente, which the German troops
came across in the captured re
gion, all h" thinks fit to iniwm
his readers ahout is 'the destruc
tion and rapture of throe Amer
ican armored motor cars, the un
til re of a number of new heavy
batteries o' American manufu"-
Canadian Premier
Spirit and Determination to Win
(Kv Review Leased Wire)
l.nfON. June S ( By The Asso
ciated Press i. Sir Robert I,.
Burden, premier of Canada, who
is here to attend the imperial con
ference, today made the following
statement in regard to the fight
ing men of the United States:
"I recently had the privl'ege of
observing lho quality of the
United S'ates troops who nre mov
ing rapidly toward the lighting
TEUTON REPORT
GIVES YANKEES
FIRST MENTION
Names American Regiment
in Picardy; Sammies Mow
.Down German Attackers in
Chateau Thierry District
iV.y Review I.ea.et Wlrel
BERLIN, (via London) J;ine 8. At
tacks by allied troops around t'hateaa
Thierry and counter attack on th
Adre river resulted in "unimportant
gains of territory." according to the
official report from general headquar
ter tcday.
The text of the statement reds:
"Army of Crown Prince Rupprech':
Artillery firing and reconnoitering en
gagements revived intermittentlv.
"Army of the German crown prince:
Renewed enemy attacks northwest of
Chateau Thierry and counter aita'
to recover line lost on the Ardre only
brought his unimportant gains of ter
ritory. Several a Park 4 by I'reT.rh.
Americans and British regiment
brcke down with heavy losses
"On the rest of t!ie front t's? sltn
atii.n is unchanged."
For the first time in the nra- Or
man headquarters has used the term
"American regiment" in its nfir.a! re
port on the operations on le western
front. Even In announcing th" loss of
; Can'uny. the efifeial cDt.iriunic.itiiti
men'ionedl merely "the enemy." as
having occupied that plnv
Several times, howeve. t'ie German
il.iT
Of
p officially nieniioned fr.e cptJ-e
mTican prisoner.
YANKEES HALT ASSAULT
WITH THE AMERICAN ARMY IN
FRANCE. June S (I y the Associated
Press). American troops on the front
northwest of Chateau Thierry mowel
down the enemy wih machine gun -xnd
rifle fi-e at miJniEht last ni"!it -vhei!
the Germans made an attack on their
I positions. They fought like d-mon
j anj at one point killed I'M) Germans.
Before they made their attai-k the
I Germans sent over a sraa'ce cloud.
supposedly or quick gas. I'uriun tne
fight the Americans wore gas mask.
ARTILLERY FIRE HEAVY
WITH THE AMERICAN ARMY IN
FRANCE Jl'NE S (Ry tie Assoc -kited
Press). Heavy artillery fire from the
BRITISH TAKE POSITIONS
WITH THE BRITISH ARMY IN
FRANCE,. June 8. I By the Aossia. teit
Press) British troops today carried
cut a well planned attack west of
Voormezeele and captured a strong
' position held by the enemy. The op
eration was a minor one. but the de
fenses secured greatly improved the
allied line in this sector, which had
' been the scene of continuel thrust
! and counter thrusts since Voa Hin
I denbure began his offensive in Flan-
cVrs. About 50 prisoners were taken.
The attack was launched at 5 o'clock
in the morning and was successfully
completed in a short time.
HUN ATTACKS FAIL
PARIS. June 8. Heavy counter at
tacks launched by the Germans around
(Continued on Pas Fl)
ture. American shells and Amer
ican rubber, rnd then concludes:
"We do not underestimate the
American or any other enemv. for
we know that we have to over
come everyone at the cost of Ger
man blood in order to attain peace
and free development of German
streneth. lint when we read what
the Paris and London press has
hitherto achieved in glorification
of American military help and
when we see what has come out
of this in one of the ententes
most fateful hours, we are. after
a great victory which has taken
us over all the American baterie.
ambulances, soldiers recuperation
homes and picture post cards t
t'ie Marne. justified in savins:
'We await events' and. with
Fritz Renter. 'I laugh over if."
Praises Yankee
line. They are of magnificent
physique and are strong in the de
termination that this war shall not
be fought in vain.
Their spirit is that of the neo
p'e of the United States as a
whole. The wonderful power that
this great sister commonwealth,
will be able fo exert in this etro
ule is not yet fully realized. Th
enemy will yet learn this to hi
cost." THE tJISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JUNE 9, 1918.
r
Afe you .buying your share of War
Saving ' Stamps? Every individual's
'share is $20 Worth. Buy more if ycu can
You can help defeat
the U-boats if YOU
buy War Saving Stamps
TWO
V r I H jJ
HATS
Monday Shoppers at "The Fair" Store Will Be Greeted With
A Sale Surprise in the Millinery Section
Read About These Pretty
...TRIMMED...
There are seventy-five of these stylish hats, every one an exclusive model ; beautiful cre
ations in the newest summer fashions, the assortment embraces the largest leghorns with the
floppy brim, large polk-shaped all- white Milans, and dashing sailors. You will also see many
laige models suitable to be worn with your suit or for street wear; these are shewn in a big va
riety of popular shades, and black. The trimmings are Georgette fancies, and flowers, rib
bon ornaments and feather fancies. They must be seen to fully appreciate their extra values
at these prices.
There Will Be Two Extra Special Sale Prices
. v,rv
j-r.-;
J
Regular Values $8.50 to
$12.50 Choice of Lot
Woolen
Pleasing Price Reductions
That Will Average
v ONE-FOURTH OFF
On These Popular
Coats for Women
The materials embodied in their making are better grades of Gaberdsen,
velour and tricotine, as well as serge in the popular weights and weaves.
Note these extraordinary price reductions for Monday and the coming week.
Regular Values $22.50
$25.00
$27.50
$32.50
$35.00
(
Now $16.90
" $18.75
" $20.65
" $24.35
" $26.25
Fancy Parasols NffiS&
One Special Lot
at Half Price
Now that the warmer days are really here, you are
sure to want one of these pretty parasols, which are
so attractive and so useful, our prices are reasonable,
too. The assortment includes plain and fancy silks,
in all the wanted shapes and sizes, plain and novelty,
lone or short handles. The color assortment is es
pecially attractive and you are sure to find just the pattern to appeal to your
particular individual fancy; all sizes
for women, misses and children, in a
wide and gradual price range from
25c to $9.00
Gabardine Suiting 39c
Regular values to $1.00 per yard. 36
inches wide, stripes, checks, plaids, plain col
ors and coin dots, in pink, light and copen
blue, white with green, lavender, old rose,
black and gold stripes, checks and dots of as
sorted sizes, especially adapted for the mak
ing of suits, skirts or dresses, an unusual value,
selling at, per yard, 39c.
Hawaiian Cloth 49c
On Sale Monday and Tuesday
Worth much more, 36 inches wide; has
the appearance of Shantung silk, but is heavier
arid wears better; very desirable for summer
skirts, suits or dresses. The assortment ein
braces such wanted colors as light and copen
blue, pink, khaki and brown.
This is an unusually good value, specially
reduced in price for Monday and Tuesday
selling. Only 49c per yard.
Fancy Silk Hose $1.50
In all wanted sizes, 8J2 to 10; high spliced
double heel, double sole and toe, gaiter top.
Chalk lines and stripes, in colors of green,
brown and gray, also some with while stripes,
white with stripes of black, rose or blue. Pure
dyed silk and exceptional values at the price.
See this assortment on display Monday. Right
aisle, giound floor.
.Toilet Articles ,
ORIENTAL Cream, lars-c jars
for fl.::a
COLGATES Talcum Powder, per
. can l.Sc
SQl'IHli'S Talcum Powder, per
ran 20c
U1VERIS' Talcum Powder, per
can "hf
-MARY GARDEN Talcum Pewd'-r.
a can 1c
ITTKX Manicure sets, two sm-s,
at 29c and Me
LEHX & HNK Poudre ue Riz In
two sizes, small box for 13c,
large size for oft
LA ISLACH12 Kate Powder, box
44c
'COLORITE-' Hat Dye for straw
hat.s. a bottle for "":
CARIiOLATED Vaseline, lame
jar 2:1c
WHITE Vaseline, a j.ir l!e
PETDOI.El'M, small jar uc, larae
jar 10c
NON'SPl. a preventative for per
spiring o9c
Ml'.M. per jar -lc
UP STICKS, each 21c
COLGATE'S Dental Paste, per
tube 2c
PKP.KCO Tooth Paste, tub: , ....".'Ji:
MEXNL'N'S Snaving Cream, a
tube 21'
COIvGATH'S SiiavinK Powder, a
can '
LISTHRINE :-ounce bottle lor lUc
LISTLRIM-; 7-ounce bet tie for ."ec
aiKNTHOLATC.M. small jar I'M-.
laiRu jar for I!9c
COlvGATE'S pig liatii Toilet Soaj)
lie, or two cakes lor 2.".c
STORK Cast iie Soap i:.c a cake,
or two for -jc
Cl'TICCRA Pacil Toilet Soap, p' r
cako 2lc
JAP ROSE Soap ltlc a cake, or
three for - '
POND'S Vanisliiim Creai.i per
tubf or j ir
Regular Values $15 to
$22.50 Choice of Lot
Imported Tri-Cotine
P. K. and Gabardine White
Wash Skirts
e-
Tlic woman who kncw3 cood styles, and is d
sirous of purchasing a wash skirt of unusual value will
be especially interested in this sale. The major part
of the styles are belted all arcund, saddle pockets and
seme with extra large pockets. The assortment offers
unusual opportunity for selection, as there are many
novel and attractive weaves and wanted weights in
the above named materials, very smart for summer
wear.
The Price Range Is $3.00, $5.00
$6.50, $7.50, $8.50 and $10.00
PI M J , X ,1 J
w y
lis 1 1
uJ if
A
Special
Price
Reduction
on Women's
Silk Dresses
A large and well selected assortment
from our regular stock, including all
wanted sizes, 1 6 to 44. There is a pleas
ing array of stylish new models for your
selection, embracing almost our entire
line. Dresses of crepe de chine, silk
taffeta and Georgette crepe in a wealth of
color combinations, as well as almost ev
ery conceivable solid color in either dark,
medium or' light shades. Note these rad
ical reductions:
Dresses Worth $25.00 at $18.75
Dresses Worth $29.75 at $22.15
Dresses Worth $32.50 at $24.35
Dresses Worth $35.00 at $26.25
Dresses Worth $37.50 at $27.95
Dresses Wcrth $39.50 at : $29.65
A Wonderful Sale of
louses
Children s Wash Dresses
On Sale Monday at
One-Fourth Off
Regular Prices
This is indeed a beautiful collection of dainty
wash dresses for little girls from 2 to 16 years of age;
the materials used in their making are sparkling
ginghams, clean and cool, in plaids and checks. Plain
chambrays, also many sheer, cool, figured voiles and
lawns, trimmed with piquet or embroidered collars
and cuffs; many have patent leather belts, some are
made with organdy guimps, others of the two-piece
Russian style. They
are all very extraor
dinary values; note
the following reduc-jv
tions:
Mondau at
This sale offers a large and varied assortment of popular new styles in
white, stripes and all the wanted summer shades, Georgette crepe, crepe
de 'chine, and tub silks, also pongee: some are hand embroidered and lace
trimmed, others are trimmed with pretty roll satin collars, and still others are'
strictly tailored models. You will find all wanted sizes from 36 to 46.
i :i' ,;.ri,' mi
A Sale of Bags and
Purses at $1.49
Pocketbooks and handbags in such
popular leathers as Morroco, walrus,
pressed calf, imitation pin seal, etc.;
some fitted with mirror and coin
purse, plain and fancy silk linings,
good steel frames and wanted sizes,
from the smallest envelope strap back
purse to the large week-end bags,
worth much more but specially re
duced to sell at $1.49.
Stamped Goods
1l Price
The lot carries a big assortment of
wanted pieces, such as table runners,
pillow tops, kimonos, aprons, skirts,
doilies, etc. The materials are linen,
crepe crash and other suited fabrics.
There are numerous other pieces of
interest to you, which space will not
permit mentioning. The values are
mcst unusual. Be sure to see this as
the "Kiddie Koop
Is an Ideal Summer Bed for the Baby.
1 Lk
J I I.
km
?s:- -y-T- v ;tK
IFinnrir
$1.15
$1.50
$1.50 Values ...
$2.C0 Values...
$2.50 Values $1.S8
$3.00 Values $2.25
$3.50 Values $2.63
$4.00 Values $3.00
$4.50 Values $3.33
$5.C0 Values.. $3.75
$6.00 Values $4.50
$7.50 Values $5.63
As shown in the illustration the frame
work is of just the proper size, made of strong,
light wood, white enameled, the panels are of
fly-proof, non-rust gauze wire, the bottom
which seaports the mattress may be raised o
lowered at will; when raised and half cf the'
side panel lowered, as shown in the illustration, the coupe makes an ideal
bed for baby; just the right height to be placed alongside of your own bed.
When the bottom of the coupe is lowered and sido panels raised and fastened
in place, it is an ideal playhouse for baby, which may be relied with ail ease
to any part of the house. The wheels aje fitted vilh rubber tires. Each
coupe is fitted with a silk floss mattress and a inaiquisctte covering, which
is cool and fly-proof. $22.50 and $23.50.
The Prices are $22.50 and $23.50
Don't Fail to Visit Our Infant's Dept. Everything for the Baby
stitched, lace
your special attention lc the splendid showing of sheer, dainty baby dresses
cr :ibr:.'n Iriirmed. some have "Charlie Chaplin pockets"; there is a big z
i
(
4i.tr-
r,
f
f -I
h 4b&
some are smocjiod, otlicrs are feather
sortment of all wanted colors and whitr.
Mothers will do well to view this wonder iul collection of pretty
dresses for the little tots, as they are so low in price, and the designs
are so attractie, the materials so sheer and cool, she is sure to be de
lighted. Don't miss seeing this display, on second floor.
In a Pleasing Range of Prices
$1.25, $1.50, $2.00 and $2.50 THE EISEEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING. JUNE 9, 1918.
I mi
m hip . n..
Ti
.... - . T ffni, m,! 4 -mtTl "' t 1 Ytiiii'i i i"ti i ' r -f- Tri 1 1
JN ACCOUNT of the increased
cost of chemicals and mater
ials used in cleaning, dyeing and
pressing clothes, we, the under
signed, are compelled to announce
a slight advance in prices effective
MONDAY, JUNE 10
The high cost of labor and materials as
a result of the var is responsible for this in-
crease, but we decided it would be better to
raise our prices rather than lower the qual
ity of materials used in bur business.
IPS
FOLLOWING ARE THE NEW PRICES:
Suits cleaned and pressed, plain $2.00
Suits cleaned and pressed, fancy or pleated, up from $2.50
Short coats cleaned and pressed, plain f $1.25
Skirts cleaned and pressed, plain .' $1.00
Skirts cleaned and pressed, pleated, up from $1.50
Coats, 3-4 length, cleaned and pressed, up from $1.50
Coats (long) cleaned and pressed, up from $2.00
Dresses (plain) cleaned and pressed $2.00
Dresses (pleated or fancy) cleaned and pressed, up from $2.50
Suits or dresses (plain) pressed, up from $1.00
Suits or dresses (pleated or fancy) pressed, up from $1.50
Coats or skirts (plain) pressed, up from $ .50
Coats or skirts (pleated or fancy) pressed, up from $ .75
Coats (long) pressed, up from $1.00
Sweaters cleaned and pressed, up from $1.00
Gloves cleaned, up from $ .25
Suits or dresses dyed any color, up from $5.00
Coats (short) dyed .". $3.00
Coats (long) dyed, up from $4.00
Sweaters dyed, up from $2.50
Skirts dyed, up from $2.50
Curtains or portiers cleaned and pressed, $1.00 per pair and up.
Coats relined (labor) :. $3.50 to $5.00
Hats cleaned and blocked, up from $1.50
Suits or coat and pants cleaned and pressed $2.00
Suit cr coat and pants pressed $1.00
Suits spotted and pressed $1.50
Coats cleaned and pressed ..." $1.00
Boys Suits cleaned and pressed, u? frctr. $1.C0
Pants cleaned and pressed $1.C0
Pans, white flannel, up from $1.C0
Coats or psnts pressed, each $ -50
Vcs.s cleaned "and pressed - $ 50
Sweaters cleaned end pressed, up from $1.00
Overcoats cleaned and pressed $2.00
jCyercoats pressed $1.00
Mackinaws cleaned and pressed $1.50
Mackinaws brushed and pressed $ .75
Suits, coats and pants or overcoats dyed any color, up from $5.C0
Suit coats dyed, up from $2.50
Pants dyed, up from. .'.....$2.50
Fancy vests dyed $1.00
Sweaters dyed any color, up from $2.50
Rugs cleaned, 4 cents per square foot and up according to quality.
Coats relined, labor $3.50 to $5.00
Coat sleeves, pants, waists or bottom alterations, each $ .50
Hats, felt or panama, cleaned and blocked, up from $1.50
BISBEE DYE & CLEANING WORKS, Main street, Bisbee.
THE QUALITY TAILORS, Main street, Bisbee.
OWENS CLEANING WORKS, next to Hughes' Elock, Bisbee.
FRUITMAN'S FASHION SHOP, Hughes Block, Bisbee.
ELECTRIC DYE WORKS, Brewery Gulch, Bisbee.
Cmr PARK TAILORS, Brewery Gulch, Bisbee.
THE O. K. TAILORS, O. K. street, Bisbee.
FRED C ALMON, O. K. street, Bisbee.
BLUNT & BLUNT, Brewery Gulch, Bisbee.
CENTRAL TAILORS, Main street, Lowell
LOWELL CLEANERS, Lowell.
TONY LOCKNOR, Lowell.
FHILLIP DOFFMAN, Brewery Gulch, Bisbee.
CITY DYE WORKS, Hughes' Block, Bisbee.
H. B. HUMESTON, Johnson Addition.
AL KOBEY SHOE AND TAILORING CO., Main street, Bisbee.
THREE
IP FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW. SUNDAY MORNING, JUNE 9, 1918.
UBLISHED EVERY DAY EXCEPT MONDAY BY THE
STATE CONSOLIDATED PUBLISHING COMPANY.
CULLEN A. CAIN..
.Editor and General Manager
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
The Associated Press is exclusively entitled to the
ase for republication of all news dispatches credited to
It or not otherwise credited to this paper and also the
local news published herein.
All rights of republication of special dispatches herein
re also reserved.
Entered as Second Class Mail Matter at Bisbee, Arizona,
Under Act of March 8. 1879.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES. PAYABLE IN ADVANCE:
t-ER MONTH ;
THREE MONTHS
SIX MONTHS
TWELVE MONTHS
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per year
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per quarter
2.25
4 00
7.50
2.50
.75
No Subscription Taken For Less rhan 75 Cents.
"A Pickled Pilgrim and a
Preposterous Governor
Last August an editorial under the above
heading appeared in the Los Angeles Times
which set forth a story about Gov. H. Hunt,
of Arizona, and a pickled I. W. W. jailbird
that was too sad to be called a comedy, and
too ridiculous to be ranked with the classics
of the drama. It was reiprinted in the Re
view and many other Arizona papers, even
though it revealed the shame of the state
in having elected such a man as the pre
posterous governor" to high office, for at
the same jime it set forth so strongly the ter
rible lesson of careless voting and petty
politics to the citizens of the state at large.
Briefly, the text of this editorial had to do
with a bedraggled, half-baked, dirty and
begrimed tramp, found dead drunk by the
side of the road in a town in California, by
the constable and taken to jail. Well, when
they came to search this outcast they found
that he was an I. W. W. by the name of
James O'Day, according to his red card, and
also that he was a bosom friend of Hunt,
then ex-governor of Arizona, according to
a letter from Hunt found on his person.
All the coast papers took the hide off
Hunt and stretched it from the seashore to
the Mohave desert. The incident and the
editorial and the letter are all referred to in
this column again for the reason that they
are most timely right now, in view of
Hunt's attack upon Bisbee, and his rather
round about and half-hearted and vague de
nials of being in close touch and s3Tnpathy ,
with the I. W. V. whose act in calling
and conducting the Bisbee strike, he has
consistently defended with most bitter par
tisanship. The episode of that "pickled pilgrim"
arises like ah unlaid ghost to make Hunt
tremble in his gubernatorial chair, yes, and
in his place as a citizen and a sworn defend
er of the government and society and law
and order. It joins hands with the Colum
bus departation camp photograph of Hunt
and that other Wobbly, Mr. Perry, taken
in close embrace. And many other inci
dents, declarations, letters and actions make
the circle of these dancing, whirling, gib
bering ghosts complete as they ring around
this posy of. a governor these stormy days
of war, when his I. W. W. friendi are under
indictment as traitors by a long suffering
government.
The letter found on this drunken I. W.
W. bum in that California jail that August
day, read as follows:
Glebe, Ariz., Aug. 5, 1917.
My Dear Friend:
Not knowing bow lone I shall remain or
whether I wi!) get the opportunity or set:ng you
soon.
1 want to express my appreciation In meet
ing you.
I am enclosing you two kodak pictures and the
negatives, so that if you tare you can have more
printed at any time. I sometimes tremble for the
future of my country, when such outrages as were
perpetrated as was pulled off in Bisbee on the
lth of July. Reason and justice seems to have
temporarily left her throne, but fiis morning the
lines of Tennyson came to piu and when he says:
"When the rnnnmn sense of most, will hold a
fretful realm in awe.
"And the kindly earth will slumber wrapted in
universal law."
Tne onward sweep of democracy, for it Is rag
iir.' the world over will sweep away the tangled
webs (Mat now beset us and the new day, the broth
erhood of man, will arrive, and we will live in the
sunshine of hope and the dark clouds that north-set
us will only he a disagreeable dream.
Faithfully vours,
GEO. W. I'. HUNT.
Mr. James O'Day. Globe, Airz..
Hunt did not deny it at the time, because
then the I. W. W. had not been outlawed
by the government for manifold acts of
treason. And today it is too late.
And again the camera plays its baleful
part in Hunt's destiny, for upon thii same
booze-soaked bum was found a negative
and a photograph sent to him by Hunt, of
the bum and Hunt posing together before
the camera's eye in affectionate comrade
ship. Hunts mania for having his picture
taken with the worst specimens of the
I. W. W. extant in this section of the
country last summer is something to con
template at this time.
One I. W. W. incident; one I. W. W.
letter; one I. W. W. photograph, will not
make a chain. But a collection of them,
assembled from different sections at dif
ferent times, does make a chain of evidence
that cannot be ignored by the slate that ex
pects to do its part by the government in
a great war for national existence, combat
ting at the same time foreign enemies and
German agents and I. W. W. enemies and
yellow pacifists and slackers at home.
Let us not be deceived or unduly elated
by the news of the exploits of our soldiers
in France. Only a few hundreds were en
gaged in these fine successes. Not until we
have be me alone the shock of a full
strength German offensive over a consid
erable section of front can we completely
gauge the ability of our fighting men in
Europe. But we have made a fine start.
If we outfought them' by hundreds, we
should be able to outfight them by thou
sands. And the battles of this week mean
that Americans will soon be called from
French and English training camps by the
thousand to get into the fray. Our boys
met the first real test in brilliant fashion.
Their work will be enlarged and made more
severe. Kitchener's English "mob ' met the
same test two years ago when Douglas
Haig sent them forward in the Somme cam
paign. And. when the final battle in de
fense of Paris ccmes it may be expected
that American troops will be in the front
ranks in much larger numbers than the
French generals would have dared to risk
a few weeks ago. Catigny and Chateau
Thierry proved American valor and steadiness.
The new C. & A. hospital that crowns
the hill just this aide of Warren will be for
mally opened today. It marks an import
ant epoch in the district's growth and de
velopment, for if a great mining company
has the faith and public spirit to build a
one hundred thousand dollar structure in
the district devoted alone to purposes of
healing and mercy, and not for mere gain,
then the average citizen may well cast aside
his doubts and dig in and build up and set
tle down upon a permanent basis. It is the
development and improvement of thij rich
and populous community that are needed
more than anything else now. We should
make every effort to beautify, to make our
mountain home a more pleasant place in
which to live. Trees, parks, streets, side
walks, lights, driveways, these may come
slowly, but they will surely come. The new
hospital stands on this hill a3 a show place.
It is the last word in building and in mod
ern convenience. And aside from its own
worth and benefit it will stimulate those
improvements that add to the beaut' and
the comfort and the happiness of the district.
Steadily this great nation is gathering
itself together and gaining fresh,, momen
tum every day in its war program. Delays,
blunders, inefficiency, confusion, these are
numbered with the past. Our factories are
now turning out munitions and rifles and
machine guns and cannon and airplanes
and tanks at a rate that will soon be felt
upon the western front. Our shipyards
have at last reached the stage of production
They launched seventy-five ships in the
past thirty days and bid fair to launch more
than one hundred in the next thirty. We
have two million men called to the colors
and a quarter of a million more on the way.
In fact, America has just found herself.
She is now justifying the fond hopes and
national pride of a year ago. This is the
kaiser's time. Let him make the most of
it, for the signs point to an American mili
tary and industrial host that will soon
change that western front forever and for
aye.
Hunt, having started the fight, is now
perfectly willing to cry enough. The legis
lature is against him, the press is against
him and public opinion generally is against
him. Only a few dyed in the wool politi
cians, his office holders, the wobblies and
the more radical of the labor element still
cling to the sadly battered hulk that tried to
batter through the reefs of good citizenship
and patriotism and wage bitter war upon
one of the most populous and productive
communities of the state. Hunt's radical
ism is out of date in war time, and even he
is beginning to glimpse the light ahead and
hunt for cover.
Predictions that the legislature will ad
journ next week are based upon the June
heat in Phoenix and not upon the fact that
the legislators will have exhausted their
powers of debate by that time.
OUR SOLDIER IS A TYPE
Pari THe f-IIrr lr Vlia Tnllr Mia Rmlrl I lia TaaVs art1 MnmM
j viid iiiu JJ m um a Muiiuj a u will aiiu m kUlllvl j
Although Our Fighters Are a Mixture of Ali Nation
alities, at the Front They Stand Out as
Americans
(Leonora Raines in the N. Y. Sun)
Just now in I'aris there is abundant
opportunity for the study of the inter
national type. One cannot walk a
block without brushing against so
diers representing many nationalities.
Sometimes It takes an expert to plctc
out the country of the soldier's birtn,
for since the beginning of the war an
uniforms have been modified and the
changes have wiped out many poin;s
of diiference. One is often at a loss
to spot a Portugese, Italian,' Seroian
or Montenegran man of arms, for these
men bear a close facial resemblance
to each other. The 'average Montena
gran is tall and well built, but so are
many Serbians, and that is what con
fuses one.
The Russian soldiers and their of
ficers continue to wear their uniforms
and while they don't appear as light
hearted and debonnaire as they used
to. they are in the service of the Allies
and their loyalty is unquestioned. The
common soldier stands out somewhat
from the rest because of his large
features. He is a big man generally
and his uniform is simpler than the
others.
The Italian no longer sports the hat
with the plumes, at least not in Paris.
The feather was very jaunty and co
quettish, but it did not take well to
wind and rain, and the hat has been
supplemented by a neat cap that gives
the soldier a clean cut and military
appearance. The officers still hold to
their long blue cape, and when they
saunter down the avenue all eyes are
turned in admiration, for the cloak is
certainly the most stunning thing in
the army, and it is no wonder coutur
les are continually copying it for wom
en. All Officers "English"
The American, English, Australian
and Canadian soldiers now dress bj
much alike and really bear such a
strcng resemblance to each other that
one has to look twice to make out
their nationalfty. This is particularly
the case with the officers, and many
French people class them all as "Eng
lish." It is mostly in restaurants that
these men congregate, and from 6
o'clock, when the Yankee appears on
ti e s'enc, trl 9, when the last Hritor.s
r"s'!i in r.clorc too doors ara closed,
the scene is one of khaki. The other
day we asked the waitresses in a mucn
frequented place in the Latin Quarter
how they could differentiate as to na
tionalities. One girl spoke up glibly,
answering: "I know American mca
and women because they show their
teeth so much." And another propt
ed: "Yes, and because the teeth are
so plugged with gold."
Another girl gave as her reason for
spotting the American the fact that he
spoke through his nose. Still another
waitress chimed in and said her Amer
ican soldier was always in a good hum
or, and she added that if she had an'
doubt about his nationality she had
only to cast her eyes at his well shod
feet; also, that the American was the
best built and straightest of all the
Allies. "He looks just as if he wore
corsets," she added with conviction.
The head waitress told us that she
could pick out a Yankee because of his
clean shaved face; that her American
clients had "the proud look," and that
they met the eyes of one calmly anu
fearlessly.
Wants Square Treatment
The proprietor of the establishment
became interested In the discussion,
and as It was early and there were
few diners on hand, he came over to
hear what the waitresses thought o:
the subject. Finally, when his tesi
for the American was asked, he gave
the time worn but true one: "Because
he speaks French with an English ac
cent" A moment later he added:
"My Americans all want to be treated
squarely, and everyone here knows
he won't take any foolinz. I say witn
out the least hesitation that of all our
soldiers he is the most reasonable, as
well as the most polite. He is not a
great talker. Other men meet ana
chat, but he only eats."
All this may suggest that America
has finally evolved a distinctive type
of .man, though there is no fixed rule
that may be applied. Those w hose an
cestors have been Americans fir many
generations bear the print of the coun
try. Savants who believe in the sci
ence of manners and physiognomy
might accord the above serious atten
tion. An American who has traveled
and observed the types of all coun
tries does not have great difficulty in
a foreign land picking out his com
patriot. The children who landed in
America and have become citizens anj
are now fighting for Uncle Sam may
be singled out almost at a glance,
though cften the soldiers of foreign
born parents strongly arry the iei
tures pnd generral air of their forefath
ers. "The American look" must after
all be the expression or the shaping
of features which climate and inde
pendence impart.
B4 By GillenA.CStln
nan
HE GOT OUT ON
THE LIMB AND
, ling. Crocker walks with a slight limp
; and there Is still no roof garden on
1 his castle.
SAWED IT OFF! A SOLDIER'S MOTHER
County Briefs
I w ho U paid by ths L'ouglas A 'its
' Lrivers' association. N
i. At tue monthly meeting cl the I
Miss Florence Morgan o Willcox i Stronghold Far bureau t enter hold
ha3 taken the civfl service examine-1 last Friday night, ft service tlag con
ticn and passed creditably. She hastaining twelve stars was unfarled, one
ten appointed to the position of as-iof them a gold star in, commemoration
sistant editor of bulletins in the divi-inf Samuel C. Havin. sen of .Mr. and
sion of publications at Washington, at j Mrs. A. J.' Havin. Claude, as he was
a salary of tlboo per year. She ex- known to everyone, enlisted in lh3
pects to leave in the near future to I ambulance corps early last summe:,
enter upon her new duties. 1 receiving hi3 training at iron Bliss,
I going ironi there direct to r ranee
The new home of the "road camp' where he passed away on the Ziln of
is now firmly established and in good January from pneumonia. The other
working order. More bunks are be- eleven names on the flag are for Allan
ing built to take care of the rapidly : Benedict , Virgil Scoheld, August
increasing population of the resort. Junge. Charlie Junge, Lloyd Burney.
FKtv or sixtv men, w hich are i:f sight, I Jay Furrey. Everett Furrey, Fred
will make a fine working force for the i Wain, Leslie Jack, Allen Wai'e add
big bridge that will be erected there 1 Pernell Uift'in. Pauline Penmck and
shortly. I Evelyn Wilson, the youngest members
i of the Red Cross at that place, un-
"Biliy" Schmidt, brakeman on tho j ,wa
Tombs one run of the E. P. & S. W. the wal where 1 Viwl" cpy ".'
le.'t yesterday for Los Angeles and."" I'"1 lhe T! "lU r f
other beach resorts where he will : Stronghold bureau, and I all members of
spend several weeks on a 30-day leave !" association are very proud of a
of absence. While in Los Angeles ; flag bearing Uehe stu.s fro..i
Hilly will look up Bill Hattich. and ! o small a community.
ether farmer Totnbstonites, who are '
familiar with the numerous sights! D Q'ai RfftfpQ
phout the city, since the Los Angeles. ttf Ot-tttt ll UIVj
thirst emporium went out of business.
This newspaper man has heard the
old story of the man that got out on
the limb and then saVed it off and
spent the next few weeks in arnica,
splints and reflection. But he never
met this man. It was an old story,
and shrouded in mist and legend until
it had become shopworn and the price
mark of truth pretty well obliterated.
Put along, comes circumstance and
brushes up this old story and sets it
in the front window with a fresh mark
of truth written upon its title page,
and now the newspaper man is in
clined to believe that there must have
been some foundation for the original
story, after all. There must have
been such a man, for the newspaper
man met his brother the other day.
And he is no less a personage than
E. A. Crocker of Warren, the Copper
Queen man who builded a castle on
tne highest hill on the townsite.
Crocker has had a rather eventful
career all the way from Canada down
to the Mexican border, and more than
held his own against man. beast and
misfortune until he climbed up on his
castle the other day to build a roof
garden or sleeping porch or some kind
of plaisance arouuu tne turiets ol
the aforesaid castle. Now Crocker,
be it understood, and his brothers,
built this castle from moat and dun
geon to the glittering point of the high
est vane, and all without mishap.
Crocker also submitted to the sur
geon's knife a short time ago and
emerged from an appendicitic opera
tion within a few days as fresh and
fine and frisky as a boy coming out of
a candy shop. But he went down and
out for the count on this simple roof
garden venture. It happened in this
way:
Crocker np-ended a ladder auainst
the end of a scantling somewhere up
about the topmost turret of his castle
and climbed the ladder with a big saw
and proceeded to saw off the scant
ling. Anyway, that is as near as
Crocker can figure it out. He is a bit
hazy about the entire affair, but his
friends are not. They are sure it was
a case of climbing out on the limb and
saw iiig eft the limb.
Anyway Crocker fell off the top of
his castle and over the watch tower
and the portcullis and through the
drawbridge, clear down to the moat.
The ladder and the big saw fell with
aim; also the end piece of the scant-
When the bulletins announcing the
sinking of ships off the American
coast by L'-boats were posted In front
of the Review office a day or two ago,
many people gathered quickly to read
them. Among these was a woman of
middle age with a strong, patient face,
black straw hat, white waist and
black skirt an average type of that
grandest of institutions, an American
mother. Pretty soon she left the bul
letin board and entered the Review
oftice. Walking straight up to the
newspaper man she asked him in a
low- calm voice if any transports bad
been sunk. Her face expressed noth
ing beyo.id the deep Interest any good
American man or woman would take
in this blow at life and property off
cur very shores.
The newspaper man told this wom
an who was looking at him so earnest
ly that there was as yet tio news of
the loss of a transport, but that the
tally of missing ships was not com
plete. "My boy expected to sail from an
Atlantic port a week ago," said the
woman, "and if he did his ship may
have been " and she stopped here as
her voi.e broke under her emotion.
Then sue gathered herself together
and bravely faced the worst. "He ex
pected to sail last Tuesday," she said.
"Do you think it possible his ship
could have been sunk?"
The newspaper man did not. His
ship should have landed in France by
this time, he thought, and told her so.
"Thank God!" exclaimed the moth
er, and her face relaxed a little from
its tense lines. But the set express
ion Instantly returned. "Ah, this is
only the beginning of his dangers,"
she said. "On sea and land he must
face them. And I come up town every
day to your bulletin board with a feel
ing I cannot describe."
The newspaper man tried to mum
ble a sentence of sympathy. "No.
mat's not it," instantly replied the
woman. "1 wanted my boy to go.
I'm glad he has gone. If I have my
distress of waiting and watching for
bad news, I also have my pride in my
boy who has gone to France. That is
li.e place for all real boys these days."
And. speaking of real boys, how is
this for a real mother? If there are
real American boys in France, there
are also real American mothers at
home. Big. strong, true women; the
essence of all that is fine and worth
while in the present and the hope of
tne future days of a nation.
membeis of the commotion of stato I in command of a firing squad'
institutions anc Mrs. C. M. Uolerts ut
illcox and Mrs. Hetty White ol Doug
las, meiKucrs oi the board of ragouts
of tile university, was in sess:ou al
most all of Tuesday examining' Uie
plans suLiniUea, of which tliera were
six complete sets. They w ere a Misl
ed by B. O. Wuiltiigford and A. j. G ii
ford, both architects oC this city, lhe
jury stated at the conclusion that It
cbld net couii.tntioiiMV ivccm.i'eai
any of the other plain suh.nii.ted lo.'
eitner second o.- third award.
I The eovernor's office has had just
George Schcerer. son of Mr. and two bills thus far and has signed botn
Mrs. Jacob Scheerer of Douglas, Iia3 the legislative apropriation bill ana
rcecived a commission as second lieu-; the Lowell observatory exemption bill,
tenant in the national army. Lieuten-! Beside the"se, there have been several
ant S' hetrer is stationed at Camp Gor-' resolutions that have been forwarder.
con, Va. Heiore his enlistment he
was employed by the government as a I , .. , , ; .,! in
.killed .farmer. iLving gradated trom j -or ng to , a M.
too Umersity of Arizona He is air , f 1 Mountain Indian
a graduate of the Douglas high school. "J,,; m, V,stri, UoIU; have ,.
Y'hat appears to hae been a forest
hre seemed to be raging in tue Coy
ote muntains, a part oi tu; Bjibo
quivari range, about seventy mile
south ironi Casa Grande, last Thurs
day and Friday nights. Tne ft-es could
plaiiw- seen trotn that point and
must hae been of huge proportions
to ye seen so lar a.ay. Many strange
tales were told by Indian.-, one ut
which that the Indians wore
looking f"i tie co:.:ing f Curl;: snd
were ouniing t i- - c big fire': r ligut
His putnway to their homes. Anotaer
was that they were signal tires of the
Villistus, and that the Germans ani
Mexicans were planning a demonstra
tion on tiie border. The mo.-t feasible
theory is tlu.t of forest lues.
If we riddled a 'few incendiaries the
industry would decline;
If we plugged a couple of profiteers
the rest would stand in line;.
And a lot of these devilish anarchists
would get in and carry the hod
If a few of their leaders went over the
range to the tune of a firing squad.
"Arrested." "Interned," or "Out on
Bail" it's ever the same old song.
And we lay the paper aside to remark,
"How long, oh God, how long!"
We've seen enough devilment this
past year to arouse the wrath ot
God!
Then what is it that we are waiting
for! Come cn with the firing
squad!
George Steunenberg, Capt. in the
1. S. -A., in the Army and Navy Journal.
Capt. W. H. McKittrick arrived from
Kakersfield Friday and wiil spend a
couple of weeks here. He .will ship
quite a bunch of cattle. He stated the
conditions on the coast wero not the
best and that the extremely cold
weatiier had retarded crops greatly.
He had planted quite an acreage of
corn, but the cold spring would nec
essitate replanting a good portion of
it. He felt that the conditions here
were considerably above what it was
on the coast.
placed on fishing on that re.-erve. and
that fishing permits wi;I be allowed
tun same as last season. No hunting
permits will be issued.
It is estimated that Willcox and vi
cinity will, during the year 191S, ship
cattle amounting to close to u million
dollars. The cattle industry is still
the leading enterprise in that section.
With the high prices production is be
ing stimulated and but few of the
stock is sold. More cattle wiil be the
result from year to year. Cattleuieii
have also found that by arranging for
pastures end raising forage crops for
an emergency their herds ran be in
creased and also be protected 'rom
The complaint of Lillie A. Edwards,
made to the corporation commission
against the Mountain States Telephone
and Telegraph company, was dis
missed yesterday by the commission.
The diflieulty arose over long distance
toils, following which the telephone
service to Lillie A. Edwards was dis
continued. A suit in regard to this
matter now is pending in the- Yavapai
county superior court at Prcscott.
The completing of "ignty abstracts
of title is the big piece ol work that
j now is dela;. lug tne closing up ot the
i loan of state money to Apaclie coim'.y
tanners, which is to be Used in the
finishing of the Lyman dam. Forty
five of thees abstracts are being com
pleted in Phoenix and are occupying
the attention of George W. Harben,
Ali a laborers impurtc-d into tho
I'nlted States unl r exceptions m ide
by the depai tmer.t of labor at Wash
ington, for spocilic employment, may
not chaiigc their status alter arriving
m the United States. This was brougn.
out yesterday at the I'nited States
immigration station, vh'ie lour ali ms.
Mexicans two men and two women
were ordered deported to Mexico for
violation of the terms ol th. contra I
under which they were brought lo
Arizona. The four Mexicans were im
ported by tho Agricultural Products
company, the Continental plantation
operators, as agricultural laborers
They remained at agruu'tural work a
short time, but apparently they saw
something they liked better, so they
quit working for the Continental plan
tation and secured othtr work. They
were arrested by Inspector Miller and
yesterday were sent to Nogales lo do
deprotcd.
THE KOMITADJI
(The KotuitaJji are old time tree
lance militiamen of Serbia)
i
May palsy strike me numb
j And lame my hand, if ever
' I write good words of war. and dumb
i Ere its Tightness I assever.
i
I Put this, my truthful son,
.Must laud the Komitadji
I'Who held the trenches that li along
! The Danube opposite Radchi.
j The Red Cross surgeon glared,
j That sixth night of October,
At the Serbian officers, who dared
' Break ward rules, drunk or sober.
i
I Hut the Komitadji ranged
I Among the maimed and dying
And summoned men to be exchanged
j For those in the trenches lying.
j "A regiment, full tale.
We manned on the fourth tho
! trenches;
i There, are thirty left by the iron hail,
And never a Scro that blenches.
j"l!;it tlilrty aro very few,
i When the Austrians cannonade us;
! Though wounded sore. I call on you
I To rise from your beds and aid us."
Poet's Corner
creaseu anu aiso ue iiuicuru -iuihi .,.,., . ,.,.! h,. Ii
losses in dry seasons. The cattle bus j J - "or
ness has come to slay and will always ! , '"- ' . ' , . .,, f
bo a great industry in Arizona.
j George H. Crosby of St. Johns, junge,
I of the superior court of Apache county.
Chief of Police James H. East of " i expected that all this preli miuary
Douglas has issued his report for the ; L'l k '" b.' U " "''s ' ,,"
month of Mav. this year ,, show j : int
that 134 arests were made and J1.I..0 '' " ' . . ,. .,,,;,,,,
j be JU'O.i'UO, which amount is wai'ing
in the Phoenix batiks.
collected in lines. Stolen property re
covered una reiuriiea 10 " nn
amoiin'eil to u cash value of $1!,jS'.).
Meals served lo prisoners during the' I.e.-i her and Kibhev. Phoenix arcl.i
month and charged to the city amount-! lect.-,. jesierd.iy were declared win
etl m S t 110. ihis Including lm meal . l'.eis in the lompetition in plan de-
! I"'"ii: h "l ted'ni! pt i one::-. Kk" ea signing tt-r th. new womtit' doritii
1 men were employed 011 the police loi e lory at ti.e stale university at Tin so.i.
'during May, iucludiug a traffic oflicer, . The jury ot avar!, totisisiing of tho
THE FIRING SQUAD
I wonder how long we il continue to
bo a health resort for spies
And other industrious gentlemen that
the papers criticize! .
The place for an agent of Kaiser Bill
is six feet under the sod
I want to hear sonio corporal yell,
"Full in, the firing squad!"
I
i Do we get cold feet at the thought of
! blood? Have we lost our o'.dtimc
j grit?
If we haven't the guts to kill a man
I we'd better lie down and quit.
1 II. ..... (....,.. t!..... -ittl.
11 .I'll IlltlllV .I'll HUM' lii'i
main lv tie- method "I ". p.r.e !';
red?"
Forget it! Come ou with the corpora!
i With a potent Serbian oath.'
I Like the swirl of a cyclone sweep-.
( ing.
! He lilted the wounded who little loth
I Limped out to the final reaping.
1
' A gruesome corporal's guard.
One-armed, one-eyed, one legged.
! Mere remnants of men. from the Red
Cross ward
j They followed, bandaged and ragged.
I When the sun of the seventh set.
i The trench, all day replying.
1 For graveyard ready, not laiarct,
j Had a full regiment lying.
! So tills, my truthful lay,
Musi laud th Komitadji
'ho held the trenches that glorious
d.iv
! (in ti e D.iiiill'e opposite U.idsi hi
WILLIAM HERBERT CARRL'TH. THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JUNE 9, 1918.
FIVE
SCIENTISTS FIND
GOOD CONDITION
TO STUDY ECLIPSE
BISBEE ALDERMEN
CONGRATULATE SUTTER
(Continued from Pace One)
as the principal data sought could b;
obtained by observations made only
when the eclipse was total.
As the shadow swept oft to the
southeast it could be traced in the
clouds; while in the northwest a grseu-
ish-purple pallor gradually brightened
into the light of full day.
EXPECT GOOD RESULTS
GOLDEN DALE, Wash., June 8 At
4 p. m., the point of totality. Professor
W. W. Campbell announced that the
conditions for observation has proved
pood and that excellent results were
assured.
4 CLOUDS CAUSE ANXIETY
f GREEN RIVER, Wyo June 8.
Clouds, appearing during the partial
phase when today's eclipse of the sun
neared totality, caused much anxiety
to the many astronomers gathered
here to make observations, but a
sketch of the corona and a number of
photographs were secured by two as
tronomers, who drove swiftly to a
point three and one-half miles north
west of the observing station and
these, it is thought, were the only
photographs secured.
The following announcement was
made tonight by 'idwin B. Frost, in
charge of the Verks rany of observ
ers: Clouds Hamper Obstivert
, "The extensive program of observa
tions planned by the parties from the
Yerkes observatory of the I'uiversyty
of Chicago and from the Mount Wilson
Solar Observatory of Pasadena were
seriously affected by casual clouds.
Valuable photographs have doubtUss
been secured. The corona could he
easily seen through the cloud and the
scarlet hydrogen flames around tha
edge of the sun were conspicuous. The
green coronal line was seen by one
observer and may perhaps befound on
fhe photographs when developed.
'-'ome spectators who escaped the
louds by speeding a few miles north
in tneir sutomoDiies naa a nne vie
of the spectacle.
The following telegram, sent hy
the mayor and aldermen of Bisbee,
to Fred Sutter, state senator from
Cochise county, now in Phoenix, is
selT-explanatory :
Hon. Fred Sutter.
State Senate. Phoenix. Ariz.
'On behalf of our citizenship we
congratulate you on your wonder
ful speech recently delivered in our
state senate. It had the ring of
true patriotism and met the ap
proval of all loyal Americans.
' JACOB ER1CKSON,
Mayor.
"I. A. ROSOK,
Alderman.
"C. V. HICKS.
Alderman.
"B. T. WATKINS.
Alderman.
DR. X. C- BLEDSOE.
Alderman.
"C. a. Mcdonald,
Alderman.
"LEE JAVANOVICH,
Alderman."
AMERICAN SHIP
ESCAPES DIVER
IN LONG CHASE
1 1 GERMAN OFFENSIVE
ON PARIS ENDS IN
DEFENSE OF GAINS
Review Advertising Brings
Results From Distant State
Continued from Page One)
cContlnued, from Page One)
many. This attitude is repealed in a
telegram from Berlin to the Cologne
Gazette in which the newspaper's cor
respondent b3lieves it necessary to
try to combat objections to this par
ticular submarine campaign. These
objections, he assumes are based on
the view that the war spirit and furT
of the Americans are likely to be in
creased by such raids.
SEND SDISTRESS 'MESSAGE
graphs will not be developed until the
astronomers return to their own ob
servatories and some of them will re
quire measurement and close study
before their entire value to science can
be stated. At Rock Springs, fifteen
miles east, excellent photographic re
sults were obtained by Professors
Stebbins and Kunz of the University
of Illinois."
.V ATLANTIC PCRT, June S. A
I'-r;'-h trans-Atlanti? steamer which
arrived tonight reioilcd that a wire-li'-.s
message ha-I lven receive from
an Ai-ciior Line s ranter SX mi'es off
the New England ooast last Wednes-
Most of the photo-j day that a submarine was close by.
TAKE EXCELLENT PHOTOS
SIMLA. Colo, June S. Some excel
lent photographs weer taken here to
day of the solar eclipse. While faint
clouds were in the sky' at the moment
of totality, the corona was visible, j
The steamer at once headed at full
speed for this port. Whether the An
chor liner was attacked was not
known.
AMERICANISM AND
WINNING WAR ARE
COLONEL'S TOPIC
(Continued from Page One)
I ill right not because we are afraid to
! do otherwise."
Turning to a direct discussion of the
'war, the colonel made an earnest plea
stars were noted and the observations : for a victorious peace.
were declared to be generally success- "Do not let anyone fool you by talk-
lul by the scientists gathered to ob-;jng about a patched up peace," ho
serve the event.
said, 'a peace that will be creditable
to everybody. There can be no peace
creditable to everybody. It is impos-
A peace creditable
MANY SEE PHENOMENUM
ORLANDO. Fla.. June 8 The solar tsji;ie jU this war.
eclipse was total heer at C.40 o'clock ito Germany would be like a peace you
tins evening ana visitors trom several 'lake with a blackmailer or a white
j-tates were here to witness the !ne-' sIaver in order to save his feelings."
iTomena. The eclipse began at o:44 ;
o'clock and ended at 7:2'" o'clock. Tho j
eclipse was visible over most of South I Baseball will be played in Wash
Florida, ington on Sunday hereafter. Is con
Xo attempt at scientific observation jsress oinsufficient to offer the proper
-was made. i amount of amusement?
ward is Vitry, which would be but a
stepping stone to a dash to Chalons
Sur Marue. If the line at St. Mihiel
could be broken or driven back very
, far the whole Verdun sector would be
in peril and might have to be aban
doned. Regain Locre Hospice
In the Flanders .sector, which has
! been quiet since the beginning of the
attack along the Aisne, the Germans
on Wednesday sought to improve their
i positions by capturing the hospice at
I Locre. This point would give them a
starting point for an attack on the vil
lage of Locre, which is considered one
of the keys to the allied positions
along the hills behind the line south
west of Ypres. The French forces in
this sector on Friday, however, at
tacked the enemy and drove him back
to his former positions and thi allied
line has been restored.
There have been no engagements
of a notable character on the Italian
front, but in Macedonia the allies, par
ticularly the Greeks, have been con
tinuing their aggressive operations
MERCHANT FLEET
SECOND IN WORLD
(Continued from Page One)
Topeka. Kansas,
June 5, 1918.
Cullen A. Cain,
co Bisbee Daily Review,
Bisbee, Arizona.
' Dear Sir:
I notice an ad In your paper for "Celery-Vig." Wish that you would
please advise me who makes this "Celery-Vig" and where it can be pur
chased. I will appreciate very much indeed your looking this information
up for me, and giving it to me. Will you do It?
Yours truly,
CRANK & COMPANY.
By C. L. MITCHELL.
Secretary and Sales Mgr.
DEMOCRATS EVADE ONE ARIZONAN IN
POLITICS FOR WAR U. S. HONOR ROLL
day in a statement by the shipping
board, showing that no less than five
different branches of the government
contemplate building concrete vessel.s.
Chairman Hurley soon will place
contracts for 24 more concrete vessels,
in addition to the 18 already let, mak
ing a total tonnage of 298.500 ordered
by the shipping board. Most of the
new ships will be 7500 ton tankers
and will be built In the five govern
ment yards announced several days
ago.
The Internal and waterways commit-1
tee is making bids of 21 concrete cargo
barges of 500 tons capacity, while the
navy department has let contracts for
12 concrete barges of 500 tons each for
harbor use and the quartermaster's
department has advertised for bids
on 22 tug boats of reinforced con
crete.
(By Review Leased Wire)
DENVER, Colo., June 8 The demo
cratic state central committee lit ses
sion here this afternoon decided to
hold the general assembly in Denver,
July 22. It had been planned origin
ally to hold the assembly July 16. but
it was postponed to the later date at
the request of tne rarmers wno saw
that July 16 was too early for them to
leave their work.
The committee also decided on the
assembly apportionment. Each coun
ty will be allowed three delegates at
large and one additional delegate for
every 200 population. This will mal-.e
a total of 952 delegates.
The present national and state ad
ministrations weer endorsed In resolu
tions adopted. In reference to the na
tional administration, the resolutioni
say
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. June 8. Todav's
casualty list contained 108 names di
vlded as follows.
Killed in action, 30; died of wounds.
10; died, of airp'are accident, 4; died
of accident and other causes, 6; diel
of disease, f; wounded severely, 35;
wounded, degree undetermined, 17.
Officers named were:
Killed in action: Captain Rufus V.
Montgall. Kansas Ciiy, Ma., and Lieu
tenant Hamlet P. Jones, Kaufman,
Texas
Died of airplane accident: Lieuen-
pnt Lester L. Meyer. Glendale, Calif.
Wounded severely: Lieutenants Har
ry L. Dunn. Santa Barbara, Calif.; Geo.
D. Jackson, Kingwood, W. V.; Chtester
F. Wright, Waterloo, la., and Thomas
H. Wyllie. Newport. R. I
WILSON LAYS OFF
TO JOIN ROOTERS
IN HOUSE CLASH
"'ontinued from Page One)
sentative from Montana, as their mascot.
The teams lined up 'as follows:
Republicans Lufkin (Mass) 2b; Ful
er (Ills) ss; Johnson (S. D.) c; Mudd
(Md) p: Snell (New York) cf; Morin
(Penna) lb; Waldo (X. Y.) 3b; Miller
(Minn.) and Farr (Penna) If; Deuisou
(Ills) rf.
Democrats Sterling (Penna) 3b c;
Gard (Ohio) rf-lf; Webb (X. C.) cf;
Rouse (Ky) lb; McCliutic (Oklai c-p;
Whaley (S. C.) 2b; Delaney (X Y.)
p-3b: Bankhead (Ala) rr; Lnnn (X. Y
rf; Nichols (S. C.) ss; Kincheloo .Ky'
If.
The only Issue of importance to the Private Charlie Winston of Call,
ople of the state and nation is thai Texas, died of disease
.MclMf r Mllill CIKCLI KTIdll unfile
Martin, of Longview, Texas died of
airplane accident.
Sergeant Thomas Arnr.t 1 of Prcs
cott. Ariz., was listed nvn-f those .vho
died of accident md o'her causes.
No other man from T?xas Arixins.
Colorado, or New Mex.r-, was named
in ''it- list.
peopl
of victory In . the world war and the
overthrow of autocratic government to
the end that a democratic form of gov
ernment may be possible for all peo
ples. The national administration un
der theg uidance of Woodrow Wilson
has conducted the affairs of the war
vigorously and efficiently and with
consistent regard for the rights of
Americans involved. The members of
democratic state central committee en
dorse and commend our president and I
the national administration." I
TEUTON REPORT
GIVES YANKEES
FIRST MENTION
(Cantinucd fioro Page One)
When Emeror Charles and the
kaiser meet, wonder what the latter
said about Charlie's mother-in-law?
44;ItCTTnfmTTlT
fWD TIRES
Chezy and Dammard. to the north
west of Chateau Thierry, broke down
under the French guns, according to
the war office announcement tonight
The enemy suffered serious losses.
The statenient says:
"There was quite lively artillery ac
tion in the neighborhood of Hangard
En Santerre, betwen the Oise and the
Aisne and south of the Aisne. We
continued our progress in the region
of Veuilly La Poterie and Bussiares
and penetrated the village to Eioup.
"The enemy tried to check the au
vance which we made yesterday to
Chezy and Dammard, launching viol
ent counter attacks in this region. Our
troops broke down all the attacks of
the enemy who suffered heavy losses.
We have maintained all our gains.
"Calm prevailed everywhere else.'
SOUEEGE
The Survival
Fittest
DIAMOND Squeegee Tread Tires are now the only
standard brand tires cn the market made with hand
some Black Tread and Red Sides.
Others, imitating Diamond in color combination, haye
failed to pass the strenuous tests of quality demanded by
actual service. They imitated color onZy Diamond quality
they could not duplicate.
Thus always with, imitations!
Motorists who drove on Diamonds in 1917 and previ
ous years demand Diamond mileage again in such num
bers that our factories are taxed to capacity.
For "Better Than Average Mileage at Less Than
Average Cost," see a Diamond Distributor.
The Superior quality of Diamond Inner
1 ubes has never been imitated
The diamond Rubber Ca
( wiTi;KfUlt J I
AKRON, OHIO
CARRY OVER RAIDS
LONDON. June 8. Field Marshal
Haia's report from British headquar
ters tonight follows:
"We raided the enemy's trenches
last night south of Arras and Inflicted
casualties on his garrison.
"Early this morning French troops
carried out a successful minor enter
prise east of Dickebusch Lake and cap
tured 47 prisoners."
SITUATION UNCHANGED
BERLIN, (via London June 8.
The supplementary ofifcial communi
cation issued by general headquar
ters tonight says that the situation is
unchanged on the battle front.
SOCIALISTS JAILED
Black Tread
Red. OioiesS
Lcccl Distributors I
a
(Hy Review Leased Wire)
CAMP DODGE, la.. June 8. Six St.
Paul, Minn., socialists who refused to
obey military commands wcro sen
tenced to 23 years at hard labor at
Fort Leavenworth, it was announced
late today.
Those sentenced wcro:
Gunnard Johnson, Carl W. Johnson,
Axel Carlson, Richard A. Carlson, Mor
ris Kamman and William Treseler.
Four of the men testified they left
I Sweden to escape military service.
WOLVERINES STAGE
ONE BACK
ab-
(Bv Review Leased Wire)
CHICAGO, June 8. After an
sence of twelve years, the University
of .Michigan staged a sensational
"come back" in the western conference
outdoor track and fiedl championships
decided on Stagg .Field this afternoon
and scored a triumph with a total of
37"A points. The Wolverines won first
place In five events and tied for the
premier honors in the grenade throw.
The University of Illinois was sec
ond with 26 points and Missouri, .re
garded as the favorite, third, with 24.
Chicago plied up 18, Wisconsin 13Vj.
Minnesota, 12i, Drake 12. and Notre
Dame 11 points. Other teams scored
as follows:
Purdue. 10: Northwestern. 5: De
Pauw, : Kansas, 44: Indiana, 4: Clio
state, 2: Ames. 1. and the American
School of Osteopathy, 1.
Carl Johnson of Michigan, was the
individual star with victories in the
i?0 and 220 yard hurdles and the run-
nine: broad jump. He shattered the
conference record in the jump with
a leap of 23 feet lli inches. This
broke the former mark of 23 leet 9:l
inches, madeby Stiles of Wisconsin in
1915.
Howard Drew, the negro sprinter
from Drake, caused a surprise by de
feating Scholz. the University of Mis
souri sprinter, in the ion ana 22U
yard dashes. Drew won the century
bv a scant yard and In the 220 yard
event breasted the tape three yards
ahead of Collier of Indiana, who ;;s
a vard ahead of Scholz.
THE DiWIf WITH A
life
Sold Everywhere, in Bottles Only
KAISER IS PROUD
DISAPPROVES PROMOTIONS
Distri
PHELPS-DODGE MERCANTILE CO.
Phone 550
(Hy Rovii-w Ijpased Wire)
WASHINGTON. June 8. Secretary
Daniels said today he had informed
.nembers of the house naval commit
tee that he does not approve the sen
ate amendment of the navy appropri
ation bill giving the rank of lieuten
ant general to the commandant of
the marine corps and that of major
general to the corps staff officers.
PERSHING'S NEPHEW WEDS
(Hy Review Leased Wire)
TCLEIK). ()., June 8. Lieutenant
George M. Pershing of Toledo, a
nephew of Commander John J. Persh
(Rv Review Leased Wire)
AMSTERDAM, June 8. "With pride
and thankfulness I daily watch the gi
ant deeds of my brave troops, which
will secure respect for the German
name for all time." This is one of f ie
striking phrases used by the German
emperor in sending a contribution -f
50,000 marks to the Ludendorf fund.
nitiated by the national committee
for the care of disabled soldiers.
The emperor added:
"I also see sufferings home by the
German soldier in a manly and reso
lute manner; I see him bleed and die
for the fatherland's greatest honor: I
gain an insight and knowledge M the
innermost life of the wounded warrior."
DISCUSS DIVER PROBLEM
()!v Review Leaseil Wire)
WASHINGTON, Julie 8 The sub
marine situation was discussed at a
special meeting today of the naval
consulting board.
After the session it was announced
that more than 5.ihm inventions do
signed to assist in naval warfare had
been examined by the hoard in The
three years since it was minted.
MAYOR DESIGNATES
WAR SAVINGS DAY
FOR THE DISTRICT
FRIDAY, June 28. has been desig
nated and set aside as War Savings
Day. and the entire time from June
10 to 2S has been declared the occa
sion for an intensive drive for the
sale of war savings stamps, in the
proclamation of Mayor Jacob Erlck-
son. of Bisbee. issued yesterday. The
entire nation will observe these occa
slons. and the Warren district will be
called on to take pare in the great
drive Incident to the dates.
The mayor's proclamation follows:
GREETINGS: To the Citizens
of the City of liisbee. Arizona.
Friday, June 2S. 191S. is official
ly designated War Savings Day,
and the period from june 10th to
June 2Mh as an occasion (or an
intensive drive by the secretary
of tlie treasury and the governor
of this state. All loa! citizens
of this community will accordingly
devote the afternoon of every day
in this period after 2 o'clock to
subscribing to war savings
stamps, and otherwise promoting
their sale in large amounts.
AH who are able should pledge
themselves to save and invest to
the limit allowed by law.
(Signed) JACOB ERICKSON.
Mayer.
Form Stamp Club
Employes of the Phelps Dode Mer
cantile company have formed one of
the most active and largest war sav
ings clubs of the entire district. Every
employe of the organization has bo
come a member of the club, and each
is pledged to the purchase of stamps
and to the sale of stamps outside the
organization. The aims of the ;lnb
are to purchase or secure the pur
chase of $20,000 worth of stamps be
fore the close or this year.
One of the features of the club,
which plans additional events in he
future, will be the war savings picric,
the annual outing of employes of the
Phelps Dodge store, which will be held
soon. War savings stamps win De
awarded as prizes for all the competi
tive events at the picnic, and numer
ous races and other events are
planned. Definite details of the pro
gram and date of the picnic will be
announced later.
GOAL DEALERS URGE
FILLING BINS NOW
I.rfal coal dealers are coopera'in
in requesting residents of the War
ren district to order their coal now In
RED CROSS SLACKER
RIQEN ON RADIATOR
AND ROLLED IN MUD
Angelo Perez. Spaniard, resident of
this district for the past ten years, and
property owner of this district, was
yesterday afternoon made the guest
of honor in a Red Cross parade
throuch the Warren district. Follow
ing the parade he was thrown into
the water tank at the Briggs shaft,
pulled out of the tank and rolled in
the mud. returned to the district on
the 'radiator of a motor truck and
forced to eat several pounds of "Lib
erty" sausage.
PWvenal times during the demon
stration Perez was forced. In th
presence of larce audiences, to kiss
a lars;e Red Cross flag which adonud
the motor truck. He was placed on
the radiator of the truck during the
parade. Across his breast was flung
a large banner bearing the inscription
"Red Cross S'aiker." In front of th-?
postonice at Hisbee he as made to
stand while n spokesman told the .
audience of his refusal to contribute
to the Red Cross. Then he was made
again to kiss the Red' Cross banuer
on the truck.
Half-dozen automobiles filled with.
men and women and bearing Sags in
scribed "Red Cross Slacker." made up
the parade when it started. Hy tho
time the parade reached the Urigss
shaft, there were half-hundred cars in
the procession. Cow bells, horns, mo
tor horns and other means of making
noise, aitracted the crowds to t.o
parade nnd told of Perez" punishment.
At the close of the demonstration
in Lowell, Perez was asked if he was
willing to contribute to the Red CroM
war fund. His reply was eager, anil
he dug down into his pockets and
handed over to the committee in
charge $2. as his share of the national
war fund.
Perez has been working in the
mines of this district for the past
seven or eight years, and during that
time has acquired several pieces ot
property in the district. I'ntil the
Red Cross drive recently he was work
ing at the Junction, where he pledgei
a small sum to the cause. Later h)
broke his pledge, left the Junction
mine and secured a place in the Denn.
For the past three days the committJ-j
which had been appointed to collect
from him knew of his new position.
He objected the other day when th-
Hniount of his pledge was deducted
from his pay check, and the money
a-. re. milled, men ine committee
laid plans for the parade and demon
stration of yesterday.
RECORDS BROKEN
OAKLAND. Cal.. June 8. Two
world's records for swimming events
were broken here today when Clax-
order to relieve the railroads during ! ence Lan? of Honolulu completed a 25
the winter months and to assist the'aiI dash in ten and two-fifths sev
government in rushing much needed . onl. cutting cin'-fifth of a second off
munitions and supplies to Atlantic ' the former record, established by John
ports from where they are shipped to
r'tance.
Cunha of S in Francisco, and rann
Morris, of San Francisco made 10'
TELEGRAPHERS LOYAL
WASHINGTON. June S. Seven!
ing of the Americ an forces in France, j thousand telegraphers employed uy
was married at the city hall here to
day to Miss Elsie Horchardt, a tele
phone operator.
EXPLOSION KILLS 400
Review I-asinl Wire-)
MOSCOW. June 8 ( Hy The Associ
ated Press). Four hundred persons
;re dead as the result of an explosion
of munitions near Jassy. May 30.
Ithn Western I'nion Telecraiih conmn-
ny in Chicago, Seattle and Spokane
wired President Wilson today that
they would not be parties to any
movement looking to a tlishriipt'o.t nf
the country's commercial telegraph
J service deling the war.
Since the first advertisement wn.i yards free style iu fifty-five and three
published in The Review recently, filths seconds. This was one second
hundreds of people have ordered coal 'less than the former record held by
and the local dealers are being kept Norman Ross. Duke Kahannamouki
busv fil'ing orders which have already .was second in the 10 yard race,
been filed. I li'udd Kruger. San Francisco, won
At the present time, the railroads j the yard thish in 1 :10 2-5. His time
ar abl. to make carload deliverie-c ; f,)r 73 yards was 50 2-5. whic h was a
without trot) bio and everyone is urged ir.ew Pacilic coast record.
to place his order now before tlie,
winter rush, when hundreds are liable I citirnT the summer months and you
to be disappointed. arc helping "cur boys" in France when
The government is behind the move-1 jc.;i give y-nir order now for your
nient to keep the coul mines busy I wlmrr supp y of toal.
FIRST WOMAN OFFICER j
CAMP GRANT. Uockfoid. III.. June,
S.- Dr. Isabelle Gray of St. Louis, said
1 'to be the first woniaa admitted t -
The aviators must fly or ciuit ttieiarmy service with th. slaHn of an .
service. hikI that is fair enough. The ofl iter, liportel ! r duly md ul! be j
flying game has been a bit of caiuou-1 asUtied as an aimc-Viet: at the basej
llage for a lot of folks. 'hospital.
The new Calumet & Arizona
Hospital will be open to visitors
Sunday, June 9, 1918, from 10
a. ;?2. 10 p. 772. Everybody is
invited. C -jut j
SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JUNE 9, 191S.
The Way It Looks When a Sammie's Broke
Write a letter home?
Dead easy.
Write your friends behind the lines.
Surest thing you know.
Write your sweetheart?
Couldn't possibly overlook It.
Write a thank-you for cigarettes and
knitted things?
Why, of course.
Write replies to ten girls who write
you letters that make you love the lot?
It's a cinch.
Writing is a pleasant job. We a!l
love to do it and our penmanship
grows better every week from prac
tice. But
Our pay is a dollar a day. Our in
surance is $6.70 a montfl.
The movies, carfare and the can
teen conspire to keep us broke. A
piece of cake or a dish of ice cream
to top ofT a meal after a morning's
hard drill is too great a temptation for
llll 1 II II IinUinn TICT trv' "oWler or civilian, the Plattsburg
W LL Aril nUWAnU I Ar 1 1 1(lea- The year before 0ie "attsburg
lllkfaimil liwnniiu im i camp wag formed he had lnduoed TOa.
EXPLAINS DISMISSAL Wss! a courso
GEN. LEONARD WOOD
So many Bisbee citizens have recent-
ly discussed and asked about the case j 'was personally direct
of Gen. Leonard Wood, deprived of ed by tne commander in chief, probab-the-
command of the Fort Funston Ii- J jy for the purpose of indicating dis
vision when it was sent over seas, pleasure at General Wood's criticism
(many Arizona boys went with this of tne policy of non-preparation. He
division) that the Review prints tne -
following statement of the case by
ex-President William Howard Taft, an
earnest and loyal supporter of Presi
dent Wilson all throush the war, and
also a friend of Gen. Wood. Ex-Presi- iedge of conditions of the war. On
dent Taft wrote the article below Tor I his retUrn be passed a physical evami
the Philadelphia Public Ledger upoa ' nation successfully. The division at
special request: . Camp ,Funston received orders to go
General Wood is one of the ablest
men of the army. He has renderea
long and effective service as a general
officer. A graduate of the Harvard
Medical school, he entered the army as
an assistant surgeon and became a
captain and regular surgeon. He re
ceived a Congressional medal of honor
for his service "as medical officer ana
in the line" in the Indian campaign.
He was Colonel of the Rough Riders,
ani was made a Brigadier General or
volunteers. He cleaned up Santiago,
and was made Governor General of
Cuba. He became Major General In
the regular army on Aug. 8, 1902.
Those who know him know that Gen
eral Wood Is a natural soldier; that,
though he entered the army as a sur
geon, his -whole life has been devoted
to military matters and their study.
He has given much attention to the
German systetm of military science.
Wherever he has been In command he
has earned the sincere respect of
those under him and stimulated hi
them an admirable esprit de corps.
He has been charged with undue am
bition and a willingness to secure ad
vancement at the expense of others....
but intense energy In the line of his
duty and highly efficient service were
the means by which he secured promo
tion. This was true of his service In
Cuba, in the Philippines, and as chief
of staff.
Just before the present war General
Wood was as much concerned as our strong lodgment in the minds of the
lack of preparation for possible war! people. The public properly has no
as Lord Roberts was over the lack or ' patience with a policy which would
preparation in England. Poth advo- deprive us of the services of a valu
cated conscription, both universal ser- able and able military leader at the
vice, and both have been vindicated by front merely because he has not re
the event. When General Wood was j strained himself as he should from
relieved as chief of staff in April. 1914. ; pointing out the military mistakes of
he was sent to command the Eastern j the Administration. The nubile will
Division at Governors Island, whlcn not approve his impropriety, if it was
gave him an opportunity at the most j such; but it will not think this a rea
conspicuous post in the country to , son for holding him unfit or for deny-
continue his propaganda or prepara-:
tion. He was not careful in his prop
aganda, however, to avoid the impres
sion that he was criticizing his superi
ors for failure to prepare. He stimu
lated more than any man in the coun-
HOW ALLIED RESERVES CHECKED GERMANS' DRIVE;
BAY BY DAY MOVEMENT OF TIIE MAIN BATTLE LINES
' . 5 IP 16 20 iS " 50- ' .
SCA1.1 ( MILti
rrogress of Germans in drive toward Paris.
About the time the Germans figured on walkinjr right through the allies lines to Paris General Foch ap
parency swung his reserves into action. The result of his action is shown in the above map. The vertical
shaded portion shows the Germans' gains up to Saturday night. The horizontal shaded part shows how the
progress was slowed down materially Sunday, and the black portion indicates how well the reserves checked
them Monday. The inset map in the upper right-hand corner shows the distance from the foremost point ia
the German line to Paris, their goal. -
The Stamp Act-Dope
(Prom Hardware Age.)
the average Sammie. Chocolate chokes
a fellow when he has to pass it up.
It's also a tough proposition to fore
go chewing gum on hot days.
Swimming suits cost money, and
Uncle Sam doesn't furnish them. Bath
houses are 50 cents a throw, and you
can't undress on the beach.
And don't get the idea that all our
smokes come from loving friends.
You can buy many things on tick,
but there's a ban on postage stamps.
Five letters on Sunday? Yes, a lot of
us average writing that many, but we
would write fifteen it we had the
stamps.
Soldiers ought to be granted the
privilege of mailing letters C. O. I).
Why don't we borrow the loose
change until pay day?
Say, it's a tough proposition to
squeeze blood out of a turnip. Our
friends are soldiers and when a com
I nen we enierea me war, in April,
1917, the public supposed that General
Wood would be consulted and given
an Important place In the organiza
tion of the army. Instead he was re
lieved from duty at Governors Island
onl eant (n Ohoplaotnii Tt la nnikr
wa8 fmaiy sent from Charleston to
Camp Funston, one of the National
Army camps, and from there went
abroad, with other commanding offic
ers. io gain a more intimate know-
to France and with It General vooa
as Its commander. On his way East
the orders were changed, and he was
directed to report to San Francisco
and take charge of the Western Divis-
Ion, at the Presidio a command not
for the training of troops, but a mere
administrative post. "
No official explanation is given ot
this change. Some who are supposed
to be in the confidence of the Admin
istration suggest that the change was
made at the instance of General
Pershing, but no official authority Is
given for this statement. General
Wood has now applied for activB com
mand in the training of troops rather
than a position on the ' shelf. The
country Is seriously disappointed that
General Wood has not been permitted
to go abroad with the division which
he has been training. The New YorK
World refers to the change of orders
in his case as likely to leave a bad
taste in the mouth of the friends ot
the Administration.
Those who are not thick-and-thin
followers of the President are even
more disturbed. The previous treat
ment of General Wood creates doubt
of the explanation that his shelving is
due to General Pershing's request.
The suspicion that it is but a contin
uation of the discipline of General
Wood, this time for his recent frank
evidence before the Senate Commit
tee on Military Affairs, will find
ing to tne cguntry tne oenent or nis
great military knowledge and ability
in this crisis.
One may well recall Lincoln's long
patience with McClellan's rude re
marks and insulting conduct toward
It Out
pany's broke. It's broke flat, dead, dis
mally busted.
Any other expenses? Yes, there's
one. We took it on gladly. It's our
Liberty Bonds. We bought them on
the installment plan and making good
our payments cuts into our stamp mon
ey to brat the band.
All of which supports the conten
tion that every Inter to a soldier
shmild begin:
"Dear Sammie: . Enclosed please
find one three-cent stamp for reply."
I Then, if the reply isn't forthcoming
J promptly you can give "I:uddi" hail
Columbia, but don't ride his carcass
J unless by ycur Stamp Act you have
j earned the right.
The boys can frank tieir letters
from cver-seas, but it takes stamps
I from the cantonments here at homo.
Being broke is too common a sin to
be censored. Ask any soldier.
him, and Lincoln's remark that he
would hold McClellan's horse for lilm
If RIcClellan would only render the
service the country needed. .With a
like spirit. Lincoln called Stanton to
the War Office in sp'te of Stanton s
previous bitter criticism of him and
his administration.
Is there not time to retrace the un
wise step?
LORETTA PUPILS TO
GIVE PAGEANT PLAY
A great patriotic war spirit has al
ways manifested itself throughout the
Warren district even in tile work of
the schools. "The Drawing of .he
Sword," a pageant play which is to be
given Tuesday night, .May 11, by the
pupils of Loretta School in St. Pat
rick's Hall, will be one of the greatest
patriotic demonstrations ever produc
ed in the city. The theme of the pag
eant is the action of the present war
revealing the facts from its commence
ment to the present time, setting forth
the careful and appealing plea of the
allied nations.
The pageant opens with the appear
ance of the Herald who announces to
the audience the purpose of the
masque and asks them to follow her
to the high court of the three Spirit,
Truth, Justice and Liberty, who are
throned above the world. Serbia is
the first of the nations, which comes
to plead her cause to the Spirits, stat
ing the bitter demands imposed upon
her by Austria. Liberty and Justice
answer her cause and bid her draw the
sword, hut Truth warns her of dan
gers to follow and how she will set
the world aflame. Yet Serbia may not
choose otherwise with honor, and
therefore draws the sword.
Belgium, with her orphaned children
and ravished cities, now makes her
plea, telling the Spirits how she held
the gateway of her sister state, France
for one fiery hour, thus forbidding the
entrance of the Black Eagle. England
and France came to her defense, Eng
land offering her fleets, and France
flaming forces of her famous land.
Then comes Russia, and then Cana
da. Australia and India, the jeweled
princess of the East respond's to the
call or England, while Japan pledges
to guard the long Pacific way against
the enemy. Italy, Rouinania; all the
allies come to the enthroned three,
and all are warned of the power of the
foe and inspired by the glory of their
cause.
The collapse of Russia Is sadly
shown and a promise made by the
three that she Bhall yet play a worthy
part.
Trumpets are heard in the distance
heralding America, who enters salut
ing the Nations and gives her sword
to their common cause.
The pageant terminates with the
singing of the Stsr Spangled Banner,
and then vanishes gradually.
This great pageant play shows the
careful trah'.ing giv?Ti to the individu
al character. I' is clear that such a
de'iu-.tistrathm, embodying over two
hundred persons, cannot he worked
successfully. ooopt by gifu-d training
'a fact which has been proven in nil
the displays under the supervision of
the Sisters nf Loretto School. It is
not possible to give a key to all this,
but see. the play and yon are able to
reeoenize that it is adequately acted.
This natinn.il pageant was also giv
en on the rta'e of Holand It. Conk
lin, Hur.tintnn. Long Island, and sub
:'C(uph:Iv nt the Metropolitan Opera
House, N'e v York, as well a1? at the
Rosemary nnon air theatre in which a
viniVr of pinii'cnt actors nod act
losses participated.
The following is the cist of charac
ters :
Herald (.. Amv Fennor
Truth Freda Suttcy
.Tiistice '.. Rose Sutley
I Liberty Kmiiia Kelly
: Serbia nugene Hicks
, Help ium Blanche Campbell
! F.ngland Harry Hill
France Margaret Marks
i Russia Edward Kelly
Canada Juliette P.rais
India Minnie Kelly
(Australia Anna McQuillian
'Japan Holly Coles
Armenia Nellie Kyan
Portugal Marlon Sole.-?
Italy Winnie Ryan
Rouinania Alice Kelly
i Xew Russia Eileen Brown
America Mary Hennessy
"Shoot, if you must, this old gra
head, but holp the Red Cross, sir,'
sno saiu.
If it were not for the low-norketf
dresses whore, would the movie ac
tresses hide thines?
i
Arizona Boys at Funston Leave
For Service Abroad; Colors Fly
And Bands Play As Men Depart
CA'IP Fl'N'STON. May 2.".. (Passed
by the censor) The Funston boys are
going goin- over, "over there."
Wher tliey go from here, or when and
how they leave, are points of informa
tion that cannot b made public. The
inen ' themselves know little about
that, and (are loss. Sufficient for
them there is action afoot at last, lots
of action, with tr:ins and loading and
pat-kin?, ni;ht and 'lay work. nod.
speed such as has never been seen
l'.-re before.
Surmises among the men as to what
the big step they are about to take
means cover a ranee that includes!
everything. Headquarter alone'
knows what Is taking place, and head
quarters is not telling. There's no
lack of enthusiasm, however, as a re-1
suit of lack of information, for good'
privates don't question orders from
higher up.
Eight Months' Training Ended !
Eight and a half months of strenu-!
ous training are at a close. For a few ,
it is less than a month. Squads right.1
and squads left, have been mastered
long ago: more intricate drills per
fected; rifle practice carried on stead-!
ily; muscles turned into iron, and
now the entire Sflth Division stands
as a perfect unit, ready to serve its
country and the countries that have
held the line. j
Details of the biggest ewnt the
Middle West has ever staged must he
sica.
km rr; ,r1 Bo " so ' m ' A Ik I
r-d -tw-.' j a 1 v
ON
P J Ik N' C3S
Mil
This is absolutely your last opportunity to purchase high grade
pianos on easy terms, at prices never before equaled in the Warren
district.
We have been ordered by the factory to sell every piano in the
house at before war prices and you can have one of these beautiful
instruments placed in your home for only a small payment down
and the balance on easy terms. PLAY WHILE YOU PAY and let
your family really enjoy the best kind of music. .
By purchasing your piano from a factory representative, you
save at least $1 00 in the dealer's profit and as we are reducing prices to
less than wholesale, one dollar will do double duty during this big sale.
Read These Remarkable Prices and Then Act
Special Beautiful $450
Piano, now
1
on easy terms.
Every piano in our store is absolutely warranted a life time, and
a two years' free exchange trial is given with each instrument.
Free
! Free!
FIFTEEN OPEN FACE AND WRIST WATCHES WILL BE GIVEN
AWAY. CALL IMMEDIATELY AT OUR STORE AND ASK FOR
PARTICULARS. EVERYONE WHO ENTERS OUR STORE
THIS WEEK WILL BE GIVEN ABSOLUTELY FREE ONE TICKET
ON A $22 GUITAR, WHICH WILL BE GIVEN TO THE WINNER
JUNE 20TH.
If you are planning to buy a piano this year, act now, and see
us before you buy, for we will save you at least half. This opportun
ity will not come again, so take advantage of it now.
Kimba
. m
Philadelphia Hotel Bid?.. O K
withheld. Censorships make it neces
sary, for although every officer ana
every private has written and tele
rrrapheil to one or more friends or rel
atives of his plans, the more intrioa
details must not be offered to those
who might use it to work h-inn.
C-.'t vl any rate, the Middle Wes:
may know its bos were wonderful in
their parts. And every mother with a
boy in the S!n"i Division may icio.:
he answered the call "Ready!" w itTi a
smile on iiis lips and in many cases
a tear of enthusiasm in his eyes.
With Colors Flying - -
And the few civilians who are sor
ing the sight of a lifetime can never
toll what thev saw. Words will noi
tell it.
A unit marching, led by a band blar
ing the strains of "Over There." Ftano.
ards and colors flying, bayonets glis
tening! Thousands of 'canvas clan
legs moving in perfect rythm. Curt
orders in low voices barely distin
guishable above the crunching of gra
vel. A step for good-hy to comrades;
more playing by the band f jazz
music; ragtime, and a finish on the
national anthem. Not a dry eye Is
left, but none from sorrow. There's
a patriotism and joy in the air and a
big man about to offer his life for bis
country feels no shame in shedding
a tear at such a time.
Confusion for a few minutes, and
the offering of Kansas, or Missouri.
mmm.
AND
Instrum
i
TO BOYS AND GIRLS
PODEL. BOYLAN
Street
or Nebraska, South Dakota. Colorado,
Arizona or New Mexico, is on its way.
A colonel, a real full-fledged colonel
with eagles on his shoulders, stood at
the head of such a line. Stiff and
erect lie stood with a cold look in his
eye, frowning while the bands played
and his thousands of men stood await
ing his command. A veteran of for
mer service, he was. with a compaign
ribbon spreading wide across his left
breast.
"No talkinc in lino." he announcea
when tiie column halted.
A Last Good by
The colonel watched the expression
of his men as they melted under tne
Tvti'-nnl anthem, saw the looks of
yearning in the fares of "Bunkies."
standing by. sa'A- his men look toward
Vm. but never speak, and he melted,
too.
"Hold the lines, hut talk if you want
to," he charred his order, and the
dozen or more fathers who knew some
how to be in ramp, rushed, into the
lines for one more word to tfuir boy3,
their "Liberty bond."
An olfker ranking so hiph It would
practically be naming him to give his
rank, stood back a distance and
watched.
"No man can ever know or realize,
unless he has seen it with his own
eyes." he soliloquized, "just a few
short months ago they were clerks
and office men, farmers and mechan
ics. Now to look at them! It is past
believing. They're wonderful. Thank
Cml. I am an American and a brother
of these men."
Have you noti:ed that the Panama
canal has not been indulging in any
sliding of late? It is possibly too
busy watching the progress cf tie
war.
ents
Guaranteed $475 Piano,
reduced to
Play as you pay.
Fre
mpany
Bisbee, Arizona
r THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JUNE 9, 1918.
SEVEN
4
DEFENDANT FAILS TO
SHOW UP FOR TRIAL
BUTISCONViCTED
Constable Lafe Gibson of
Glee son on Trial at Tomb
stone Jumps Bail and Leaves
With Jury Empannelled
(Sitec-ial to The Review)
TOMjBSTOXE, June S The crimin
al calendar for the May-June term of
this year ended with one of the most
sensational cases ever tried before a
jury in the superior court at Tomb-
stono. with the case of State of Ari-
4 - s. Late Gibson, constable at
t . :i, charged with selling intoxi
. liquors. The case took just
i . . ... twenty minutes to try, the stato
i . :.ig three witneses, the defense re
tusing to cross-examine.
Friday afternoon was taken up with
the empanelling of the jurymen wflo
were to try the defendant, counsel
having waived the presence of "the de
fendaut, Laie Gibson. The foLowin'?
nieu were chosen to tit as juryuea
after there uau been uine challenges
lor cause: John Farrell, R. W. North
ington, Robert McCartney, J. S. Stew
art, P. E. Andrews, Jas. H. Hart, Thos.
E. Baker, of Bisbee; A. T. Johnson of
Chiricahua; A. H. Nordstrum, R. C.
Wililams, O. J. Hurley, of Douglas;
and Dennis P. Carrier of Keiton; seven
of the jurymen being Bisbee residents.
On the opening of court this morn
ing, J. T. Kingsbury and W. G. Gil
niore, who represented Lafe Gibson
were present, but there was no de
fendant in court. On the refusal of
the defendant's counsel to waive hfi
presence during the proceedings of the
trial, a bench warrant was issued for
the defendant's arrest, and court ad
journed until 11 o'clock. Sheriff Guy
Welch immediately went to Gleeson,
but returned with the news that the
1 defendant has gone to parts unknown,
in the direction of New Mexico. The
tase then proceeded to be tried in the
absence of the defendant.
The state called only threb wit
nesses, Barney Bono, Jack Sherman,
and Bob Stone, all of whom testihe-i
that they had bought liquor from LaTe
Gibson, the period of such sales run
ning back as far as January, 1916, and
that total amount of such sales ran
up past $10,000. Barney Bono testi
fied that the defendant was running a
wholesale liquor business, which evi
dence was strongly corroborated by
the other witnesses for the state; that
Lafe Gibson, as constable, while in
trusted with four barrels of whiskey
which bad been Confiscated by the
state at Gleeson, instead of destroy
' ing it, as he had orders to do from
the sheriff's office, emptied the whis
key and filled the barrels with water
and sold the whiskey to the witness
Bono lor $l,S0O cash; and that then
the defendant emptied the barre's of
water in the streets of Gleeson wi'.h
the idea of making the people there
think that he was destroying the whis-
. key. The state had subpoenaed nu
merous witnesses to testify
"incident, but they were not
Ujlg J
to
called,
when County Attorney Ross was sat
isfied that the state's case could never
be shaken. The witness Jack Sher
man testified that Gibson had sold him
whiskey for the past year, almost
daily, and that sales amounted be
tween JS.000 and $10,000. Sherman
was one of the men recently convicted
of selling intoxicating liquors in this 1
United Chino
Stockholders
LAST CALL
The books of this company close June 1 5th
and tomorrow, Monday, the 1 0th, is the las
day in which the stockholders may lake ad
vantage of our special offer as contained in
our LEGAL NOTICE published elsewhere in
this issue.
Cur Special Representative, E. A. Burns,
will remain in Bisbee until Tuesday, June 1 I ih,
and those who have not already made their re
mittance should see him at Sacse's Confection
ery, where our branch office is located.
United Chino Oi
A. A A m
'ro.n l.t.t ........ tha '--,...,.1 o.wl
told a straightforward story of tne
transactions of his dealings with Gio-
sou. The state further introduced th.i
check of $150 paid by the witness Bob
Stone for whiskey bought from the
delendant, whom the Ueiendant. after
getting some liquor from bootleggers
whom he had caught, instead of turn
ing it over to the sheriff's office, sold
it to Stone. With the testimony of
Stone, the state rested, the delense
putting on no testimony. After the
instructions of the court, the jury
was advised that they could either go
into the jury room or remain in their
seats to deliberate, and it was unani
mously agreed among the jurymen
that they would remain in the court
room. After about thirty second they
chose their foreman, and at the end
of forty-one seconds, a verdict of guilty
had been turned into the court.
The defendant was thereupon sent
enced to two years at hard labor and
to pay a fine of $00 for which execu
tion was Issued.
The rase was the outgrowth of a
campaign by County Attorney John F.
Ross to clean out Courtland and Glee
son of bootleggers and other unde
sirables. The procuring of evidence
in the case against Gibson was begun
early last November and had contin
ued up to the .day of the trial. All
of those who had been buyers of liquor
lrom Gibson, and who were likewise
selling it, were convicted, and after the
county attorney had procured suffi
cient evidence showing their connec
tion with Gibson, they volunteered tc
testify on behalf of the state, the re
sult of which was the conviction of
Gibson. It is conceded by those who
heard the case, and those who have
been following the developments in
and around Gleeson and Courtland,
that the conviction of Gibson was one
of the neatest pieces of work ever
done by the county attorney's office,
and that the results of Gibson's con
viction has virtually wiped out the
source of all the bootlegging in Glee
son and vicinity.
Cornet Solo Is
Band's Feature
A cornet solo, "Le Seceret,v played
by J. Bowden, will be one of the fea
tures of the concert by the Calumet
Arizona band this evening at 7
o'clock at the Vista Park, Warren. A
tone poem, - Uncle Tom's Cabin." and
the national anthem will be additional
features. The program follows:
March Semper Fidelis
Overture La Eurlesque
Cornet Solo "Le Seceret"
Mr. J! Bowden
Waltz . ...Adeie.
Idyll "Glow Worm"
Selection "La Traviata"
Tone Poem "Uncle Tom's Cabin"
March High School Cadets
"Star Snangled Banner."
Win. Martin, Director
TWILIGHT GAMES ON COAST
il'v Review Leased Wire)
j SACRAMENTO, Cal.. June 8 Twi
i light baseball games will be played in
! the Pacific coast league here tcvery
; day except Saturday and Sunday, be
ginning June 18, according to an an-
nouncement made today. The games
will be started at 6:30 p. m.
UNDELIVERED TELEGRAMS
The following undelivered telegrams
are at the Western Union office: How
ard Kingaid. Mrs. A. L. McCloskey, M
Ohlander, C. T. Talbert, Carl Eanli
man, John Burke, Elizabeth Wi'liam.
Ed. H. Potter, Fred Wieland, Elizabeth
Williams.
44 Jm mk
JOHN HUGHES PLACED
UNDER ARREST ON
" ADULTERY CHARGE
Complaint Sworn Out by His
Wife, Who Has Also
Brought an Action for Di
vorce in Superior Court.
John Hughes, former shift boss at
the Czar shaft of the Copper Queen
company, was arrested yesterday af
ternoon by Deputy Sheriff James L.
Gannon on a charge of adultery. The
arrest came as the result of 'esciinony
given at the trial of Mrs. Kriiio .lames
in Tombstone last monui for assault
ing tue daughter of Hughes wii.li a t-ix-
shooter. She was convicted and alter
the jury had been excused from I he
case they had the following resolu
tions read in the court room:
"We, the jurors, having rendered out
verdict in the case of the Stale of Ari
zona versus Ernie James, fee! that it
is our duty as law abiding citizens to
go on record, before leaving this court
room, in expressing Just criticism of
John Hughes, a witness for the defend
ant. It would have been a Dl-sasure lor
us to render a verdict of guilt icgarnst
John Hughes were it possible. We
feel that a man who permuted him
self to testify against v.is clean, i expec
table family, trying tot prevent justice
being done, to one who attempted to
murder his daughter, is a criminal of
the lowest order and is unworthy to
associate with man or beast. There
should be no place in Cochise county
for such a wretch.
"Therefore, we recommend mat
John Hughes be arrested on charges
of adultery, and prosecuted to the full
extent of the law.
Signed,
C. J. WYNN,
Foreman of tha Jury."
"May ISth. 191S."
The complaint was sworn out by
Mrs. Winifred Hughes, the wife of tl-e
accused. At the same time that he
was served with the w an ant he w as
served with a copy of a complaint mid
summons in a divorce action tbr.t had
been filed against him by his wife
There was also served a copy cf an in
junction that will prevent him from
disposing of any of his property, con
sisting of stock certi?:catos in the P.
D. company and other local institu
tions, pending a trial of the case.
He was brought into court and bail
was fixed by Judge Huh in the sum
of $3,000, which was furnished by L.
J. Overlock and Joe Muheim going on
the bond. The date of. :he prBliminary
examination has not been set, as at the
time Mr. Hughes was in court he was
not represented by a lawyer.
CHiNO OIL FIELD
PROSPECTS BRIGHT
Development in the Chino valley
is being carried on twenty-four hours
per day, and the conditions generally
are becoming more and more favor
able as the various wells reach greater
depth. There are several companies
now dril'.ing, and the consensus of
opinion is that oil in commercial quan
tities will be brought in within thirty
dsys.
The United Chino Oil and Refining
company reports that their well has
reached a depth of over 800 feet with
considerable oil and gas already
i brought in. The exceptional showing
' m?de by this company at the present
; shallow depth is most gratifying and
I the company predicts a flowing well
j within less than thirty days,
f General Manager MeLellan of the
! United Chino who has been in the Salt
Lake the past week arranging for the
; iistin of the stock of the United Chiin
I cn the New York curb and exchanges,
has comp eted the necessary negotia
. t?-?ns with a large brokerage house
and reports that in all probability this
stock will be listed within the coming
week at around 25 cents per share,
j The many local stockholders ih this
;compp:iy will no doubt be greatly
' p!e?ert ti learn of this.
Oil is now the center of attraction
' so far as the investing public is con
' cem?d and the bringing in of commer
cial oil in the state of Arizona will
add "rcstly lo the present cut put
which is far short of the demand.
POSTMASTER BAILEY
BACK FROM CHICAGO
Postmaster L. I, Bailey has re
turned from Chicago where lie as
called as a witness in the trial o." the
110 I. W. W.'s. He st;ites that the
tri"l will not he completed until the
hr.t o' September or possibly l;U"r..
M" understands that tiie govermix nt
will not conclude its case un
ab'vit i
the middle of July.
Oil hs way here, Mr. Bailey stopp-d
at his firmer home at San Antonio on
' visit with reiati.es. lie also visited
the ai?tinii school there and -.vas
greatly impressed with the lar.;e num
l er of machines of all kinds that were
in use and the number of men that aro
there learning to be aviatoi 4. lie
.sk that the air is virtually ful' with
flv'115 nii"hin s end that they perform j
an sous of sunns anil re o
see how it is that there are n t any
more I1(, l,lei,i, tlo.n ii.r.. iu n.
ii Hcli in ;irt f ii mikI arm mil :ii-h
tin- like so mr.nv birds, lie was ores-!
f lit on tit.- held the day th.-t the stii
dent Webster lost his life and wit-
ne-ses the catastrophe.
lie liiates thai it was si. keiiing o
" the machine come down lrom
its high altitude and realize that tie -
man the rein was falling to his certain
death.
He 8t:iie thill the drought in Te.,i:i
i I.as been broken in some places by
Iieavy imiis and that It is a great ble-s-iren.
lug ta the cattleuieu.
Origin of Weapons of War
(From the Ontario Post)
The first standing army was formed
by Saul, 1093 B. C.
The catapult was invented by Dio
nysius, 393 B. C.
The sword came from ancient Egypt
and was used throughout Palestine,
Syria and Asia Minor, India anG
throughout the western world. It v.a:
in Egypt that the three shapes of the
sword blade originated, these being
the straight, the curved and the halt
curved. The Roman sword was larger
than tiiat of the Greeks and in the
days of the empire many of the
sheaths' were so covered with precious
stones as to be veritable art treasures.
Among the Moslems the highest title
given to a warrior of renown is ' the
sword of Allah." The Chinese mace
s'werds of iron as early' as 1879 B. C.
Bullets of stone were used in lol4, j
while bombs came Into general use In i
1634. Bomb vessels had their origin
in France in 1CS1. Fireships first ap-
peared in the early part of Uie Six
teenth Century.
Brass Artillery In 1835
The use of cannon dates back to the
year 1338. Artillery constructed 01
brass first appeared in 163o. Among
the cirfiosities of artillery odd inven
tions have a great place. Cannon have
been made of the most unlikely ma
terials. Leather was used as early as
Henry VM's day, at the siege of Bou
logne. The Scotch used leather giris
in 1640 to hatter Lord Conway's forti
fications at Xewbourne
In a tomo
cn the Island of Chinal
near Usum-
acinta, Mexico, was found cannon
four feet eleven inches long, of terra
cotta, with terra cotta bullets. It is
unvested that when Cortez retired
after his great fight at Ceuta, Tabasco,
NEW PRICE SCALES
OF BISBEE TAILORS
On account of additional increase in
the cost of chemicals and materials.
tailors and cleaners of the Warren
district announced yesterday that it
would be necessary to make a slight
increase in prices, the new schedule
o become effective tomorrow.
The scarcity of labor and the com
parative hieh prices which it demands
coupled with war conditions entered
into the decision to increase the price,
rather than lower the quality of mate
rials which are used in cleaning, press
ing and dyeing.
During the past four months prices
in all sections of the country have
been increased but the new schedule
which W8s adopted yesterday was not
announced until the local tailors and
leaners found it absolutely necessary
in order to remain in business.
HEW PASSENGER RATES
IN EFFECT MONDAY
With the new passenger rates,
which go into effect the. 10th of Jun.;.
no more round trip or excursion tick
ets will be sold. All one-way tickets,
partly used, sold prior to June 10, will
be honored through to their destina
tion for continuous passage, without
extra charge. Round trip tickets
partly used before June 10, will be
honored in accordance to the original
conditions under which purchased.
For example, a round trip ticket pur
chased June 1, limited to nine months
from date of sale, will be honored lor
passage up to the final return limit,
stop-over and other privileges being
allowed.
While there is no increase in Pull
man fares, those wishing to occupy
Pullman berths must purchase an ex
tra tare railway ticket, at a cost oi
16 2-3 per cent of the railway, fart;
applicable between points where the
Pullman service is required. This is
in addition to the regular Pullman
charges. To occupy tourist sleepars.
one must purchase the extra iare tick
et at cost of S 1-3 per cent of the fare
applicable between the points wh.-re
the tourist car is occupied.
Scrip books, sold prior to June 10,
will be void on and after that date
and holders of such books arc advised
to turn the books in and redeem them.
For the convenience of travelers,, rail
read companies will sell, commencing
.line lo, the same form of scrip books,
which w ill be honored for the purchase
o railway tickets in lieu Tf cash, and
no relund will be made on them. For
iiierly these scrip books were issuel
in the name of one individual pud
ivere not transferable. After June lot
they will be good for tbe bearer.
Railroad fares in the plate of Ari
zona wilL not be affected in any way.
fares between points in Arizona, and
California, Texts and New Mexico will
remain practically the same, with the
exception of the extra cost of Pull
man travel.
STORY OF NUMBER 40
40 V ars aeo an old doctor was nut-
ting Up a medicine for diseases of the
blood, that cured the worst cases of
specific blood poison, and time proved
that tha cures were permanent. After
many years I seemed the perscription
(being a druggist), and took each in
gredient separately and referred to my
U. S. Dispensatory and other books on
medicine and fo :n ! the med.'cal prop
erties set down as follows: "Employed
in diseases of the flmdular system. In
.(blood polm. sen. tula, constipation.
, . r Llr"""" s-
rheumatism, catarrh, in sores, ulcers.
! skin eruptions, mercurial and lead
poisoning. Vndcr its use
nodes, tu-
i mors and scrofulous swellings that
have withstood all other treatment
.disappear as if ly magic-. lo com-,
j inemoratc my fortieth year as a drug-
Igist I named Ibis medicine Number III ;
i For The Blood. J. C. Mendenhall,
EvansviMo. Ind.
I Hold exclusively in Bisbee. at fen-
i tral Pharmacy, opposite Orpheum; in
! Lowell, by Lowell Drug Co; in War-
by Warren Drug Co.; in Dougljs.
by Owl Diu.' Co.
Adv.
the natives copied the Spanish guns
in clay, hoping to produce the same i
results. Artillery was first used In ;
war by the Moors at Algeciras, Spam,
in 1341. Cannon were first used by;
the English, by direction of the gover-j
nor of Calais, in 13S3. j
Iron bullets were first mentioned in 1
the Foedera in loaO. Muskets were j
first usel in 1414. during the siege of
Arras, while chain shot was a device;
of a Dutch admiral, De Witt, in lfi'iti.
The bayonet was invented in Buy-i
onne. France, in D!70.
Pistols were first employed by the
British cavalry in 1"44. The revolving1
chambered breech of the pistol was j
patented by Colt in 1S33. j
Spain Used Muskets First
Muskets supplanted the bow and ar-
row among the British soldiery in
1521. Spain was the first nation to
equip foot soldiers with muskets.
I-oadeu bullets came into use shortly
J before the end of the sixteenth cei.
tury
The Minle rifle was invented about
1833 by M. Minie of Vincennes. The
battering ram had its beginning with
Artemones, 441 B. C. while the first
army arranged in regular line of bat
tle was that of Palamedes of Argas.
Palamedes is credited with devising
the idea of placing sentinels with pic
kets around a camp. The watchword
as used by sentinels is supposed to
have been his conception, also.
The most famous cavalrymen of an-
tinuity were the Partluans. Their in-
vasion of Judea, 40 B. C. resulted In
such ternoie devastations oi me coun-
try that one hundred years later tne
terrors of the rartnlun invasion gave
the Apostle John the idea for one of
his most vivid pictures.
Additional Oty Briefs
WILL MEET WEDNESDAY.
The ladies Arizona Orphan associa
tion will meet at the residence of
Mrs. 'Fruit, at Warren, on next Wed
nesday afternoon.
WARREN PARK.
The gross receipts from the dance
at the Warren Park made by the
Pythian Sisters was $30. This is for
the benefit of the Red Cross.
FOR THE NAVY.
The following pained were sent to
El Paso last evening for exaniinnt'on
to enter the navy: Alvin Browning.
Joe A. Wilson, Joseph Murphy, Her
bert Burrows, Fred Houston Trimble.
HAS RETURNED.
Miss Theodora Gregoviclil has so
far recovered from her recent oper
ation for appendicitis at the C. & A.
hospital, that she was able to return
to her home. This will be pleasing
news for her many friends.
WAS OPERATED UPON.
Mrs. S. X. Brue was taken to the
C. & A. hospital on .Friday where she
was operated on for an attack of ap
pendicitis. The operation was a suc
cess and she is now on the road to
recovery.
FROM TOMBSTONE.
W. G. Gilmore and J. M. I'hillipowski
were in the city yesterday from Tomb
stone. The former was here on legal
business and the latter, who is the
court reporter, was on a short busi
ness trip. They returned home late
last evening.
TO JOIN HUSBAND.
Mrs. Earl Murray left Thursday for
Indianapolis, Indiana, where she goes
to join her husband, who left here
about two months ago to enter the
aviation section of the army. Mr.
Murray was former pressfan to the
Review.
WANT RAZOR BLADES. 1 Oakland. California, where they will
The ladies of the Red Cross are I spend the summer months.
desirous of securing a number of saf
ety razor blades that are sharp on I Miss Helen Allvon left Friday night
one side. They have use for them j for San Bernardino. California, where
and anyone who has some that are oldjf.he will visit for a few weeks,
are requested to leave them at the
Elks club.
TO DOUGLAS.
County Attorney John F. Ross and
wife, Morris Blumenthal and Valen
tine Bravin were in the city last even
ing on their way from Tombstone to
Douglas, where they will remain over
Sunday. Bruce Stephenson. nsistant
county attorney accompanied t icm.
FOR CALIFORNIA.
Count v Assessor Edwin Hiiches.
clerk of the board of supervisors; A.!
C. Karger, county recorder; Ray i. j Miss Allie Blackburn, telephono op
Krehs. W. (',. Giimore. ail rf Toml- erator at the Copper Queen smelter at
stone and M. S. Krehs cf this city, j Douglas, was in the city yesterri iy cn
will leave by auto on Tuesday morn-'a visit to friends.
iiij for California where they will re-
main for a few weeks on a pleasure Miss Miytle Ewing returned last
trip. ;evening from Tempo, where she has
been attending the Normal school for
: FUNEHAL TODAY.
' Fnner:il servires for Tallin, the twen
! ty-cight-month old (laughter of Mr. ali i I D. II I.an- s of the IV D. store loft
Mrs. John Oliver, of 23 I'pper Lowell, this morning for New York where lie
who died at the home of her parents I will remain for a ie-.v weeks on a busi-
at 1 o'clock yesterday afternoon of i ness trip.
pneumonia, will he held from fh" f un-
. ily residence at 2 o'clock this after-; .1. P. Casey, the Tyronne lawyer, is
noon. Rev. Kirchhaum of the Presby- spending a few days here en a Imsi
'terian church will officiate. Inter-j ness trip and renewing old arqiiaint-
ntent will be in Evergreen cemetery, ances.
FOR SPEEDING.
h red llalderman was f -ied ia
Judge Winter's court at Lou el) yester
day, for sperdim:. W. A. Bverle was
Blso arre.-ted and reprimanded lv tne
couit for a similar olivine. Frank
Massingale was placed under arrest
for driving a car wliiie in an intoxi
cated condition and whs released on!
a $le0 bond for his appearance on
Monday. All arrests were made by1
Motor Deputy Jack Ryan. '
FROM McNEAL.
k. P. Grindell, the mayor cf Mi-
Neal. was in the city yesterday on a
short hii.-iness trip. He reniris lli.it
a slight shower of rain fell in tint
section on Friday, sufficient to h,y
the dust hut that ni'iia more is need-
cd lie htates that the tanner in thai
section have put iu much, larger uopo
LYRIC THEATRE
COMMENCING MONDAY, JUNE 10
"ALIMONY"
THE TIE THAT BURNS
(The story of an unwanted wife; in six parts)
"ALIMONY"
is a picture the whole family can see with profit
and remember with pleasure
Some women had rather see the man they
love dead, than give him up to another.
B
ASEBALL
4:30 Today
WARREN PARK
C. and A. vs. Copper Queen
Admission 35c, Including War Tax
than in the past years and are in
hopes cf raising tons of beans. Those
who liave pvatrr for lirriention are
making an excellent showing.
WEDDING.
The Baptist church was the scene oi
a quiet wedding yesterday at 7:20 p.
m., when E. O. Crittenden and Eleanor
Page were united in matrimony. The
wedding party consisted of Alessrs.
W. J. Page. Percy Page. Arthur
Strandberg. Mrs. Ada Page. Misses
Sylvia Crittenden, Marian Crittenden
and Zula Holden. Mr. Crittenden is
visiting his parents, Mr. and Mrs. (Jen.
Crittendou o? Warren, being home on
furlough from Camp Shelby, Miss:,
where be is a member of the 113th
mobile ordnance repair shop of Cuinp
Shelby.
F. D. Bledsoe is spending a few
days in Phoenix cn a business trip.
E. A. Tovrea was in Douglas yester
day on a short business trip.
Miss Jane Barnes left tliii irutn.'ng
for Philadelphia, where she will n:a
her future home.
Mrs. M. Kelly and children left last
evening for the Huachucas where they
will spend a few weeks camping out.
C. Martinalli left Friday night for
Los Angeles where he will remain for
a few weeks. m
Mrs. Anna Strange left this morning
for Denver where she will visit with
relatives for a few weeks.
I; Personal Items
. ' The same crirt-
J. J. Bowen left Friday night for j ral exan.lna
Los Aneeles where he will remain for tion for the
a few weeks on a visit to his wit'e.
i ting glasses,
Miss Florence Maddock left yester- taught and rec
dav for Los Anecles. where she will ; ommended by
spend her summer vacation.
Mrs. Howard Barkell and childre:i
have gone to Long Beach where they
will spend the summer months.
T. B. Bean and family have gone to
Mrs. F. W. Littlejohn left yeterdav
for Los Angeles where she will pend
the summer months.
Jesse Fox, engineer for the V. & A.,
has gone to Long Beach. California,
where he will enjoy the sea breezes for
a few weeks.
Mrs. Xettie Bledsoe, mother of Dr.
N'. C. Bledsoe. Is here from Los An
geles on a visit to her son and his
wife. 1
the past year.
MNs Edi'h B.ntch left yesterdav
for Ioiiis w here she w ill res--ne
her duties in the hospital there, where
she is training for u muse.
Mis. M. Cohlie. of Hereford, is in th
city for a few days on a visit to hei
son. Ceorge Cobbe. She is an tiii;i
siastic knitter for the Red t'ro.vi a:id
knits six pairs of socks a week.
Mrs It. W. Reunion was an outgoing
passenger for Iais Angeles last even
ing where she will spend the summer
mouths.
Harry Met'oy and family left yester
day by anio for lng Heach where
:in w il spend tin' MiMiucr month;.
They were accompanied i'v Leslie
Locketf. who will join his w ite. who is"
uow at that beach
ANNA EKOLA
Chiropodist
HERE FEW DAYS MORE
Treats all ailments of the feet
Satisfied customers are my best ad
vertisements. Ingrowing toe-nails
successfully cured while working.
Have also an agency for Ego Corn
Remedy. Wizard Bunion and Cal
ocs Removers and Arch Builders,
and Scholl's Bunion Reducers.
Private room for ladies and bash
ful men. Limp in and walkout.
Now at
ELECTRIC SHOE SHOP
BREWERY GULCH
Hours: 9:30 a. m. to 8:30 p. m.
DR. BAKER, Optometrist, now at
Hotel Victoria, on His Regular
Visit to Bisbee
r
' purple of iit-
the highest ac
knowledged au
thorities. PHOXE 54
COLLINS &
BRETHERTON
We Specialize In
JEROME
AND
OATMAN
STOCKS
Jack Bldg., Main Street
Phone 28 Box 1129
CHICHESTER S PILLS
4 M-kM-Irr lllwni HMA
I'll!, in Ur4 Ul WoU rii;..cV
I no, tr-.l .lh R.im R.U. Y
Tk MW. Bur jnmr V
1'r.rrt-t- A.kfrTrilM-lrtH.TFB
1I VOM KKIND HI LI. t Xi
T' k-ow i Bt. Safest Ai.in Kfl:' 1
SOtDBYWlGGISTSElERYMLRF
catarrh:
OF THE
BLADDER
:i i : man a
vTsir mie ban (be ni;Q'rl
Bnm ooovnlrrAms
THE REVIEW
Job Department
will furnish you an estimate
on that job on short notice
ViMS
1 EIGHT "
City Briefs
Has anyone visited you? Or
have you entertained? If so, call
The Review after fi p. tu. and tell
the Society l'diior, phone 39.
GIRL BORN.
IJcrn to .Mr. and Mrs. F. F. Kdwards,
SVa pound La by irl. Alui hi-r uiul bauy
doing nicely.
early fall and that the heiy snow that:
fr' 7.p kept the erouml :!inisi all winter j
He says that 1:1s homo town and sur ;
lcuiiUiii!; country ale ; einj; to lu:il
i Lilly help the eoun'ry i.i their wheal
crop. It is the hirpest that has ever
been known !n that Motion.
" lrM-X'SK.-ao -.gaffing ff ;y. . ' -- S?'?ZPS &.ZZ&ijrZ CSSXStiU3B2ZX&Wl&2j0
SPEND SUMMER.
Airs. (". At ;JvrMin End
left last niuht fur i .'it.
spend Uic suaitncr no: tas
VACATION.
Mrs. A. L. McCloskey and daughter
1-aura left Friday even ins; to spend
the summer months on the coast.
HOSPITAL OPENING.
The puhlir is invited to inspect the
new hosi.iinl w!.i h will he open to
day from 10 a. n until 10 p. in.
MAJOR SHINE LEAVES.
Va'-r Kiancis 'hine.
in fhart'e of the med
boards for Arizona, left e.-terd.iy lor
Chicago where he coes to attend a
'(inference in that i: y (n June rJ
and 14th of all medi'nl aiTvisory liemls ,?
of the for'y-ei.uht states. Tl;e conr'. y?
ence will in hide a discussion of m:t;- fcj
::s (Oii( einiai; the new draft, the ex- i
.urination ol the new r.i'-n j'.i:t re:;-
istered and alsj the proposed re cx.ro- l
itiatioa ot the n;c:i who wore iOjiv i'.' ii
in the oilw-r ex.:ir in?-i:ais Jie i x- '.t
P-Min to visl- New Vcrk and V. .. hin-
ton aUo before he returns. He vn:.j4
be pone for a couple of weeks.
I ii im r
urane
u
Ii
uivcs'!,"! Continuous 1 to 11
Shows, 1, 3:10, 5:20, 7:30 and 9:15 P. M.
Continuous 1 to 11
Vitagraph's Great American Photodrama
'tiirhter M:ie .urination ol tne new
.MontiMii, to
BOY ARRIVED.
Horn to Mr. and Mrs. G. U. Pa riser.
Iifc pound baby boy. born Friday at
Maternity Home on Mason HiM. Moth
er and baby doing nicely.
FROM TOMBSTONE
V. G. MeUreen, proprietor or tbe,u""e
REGISTRANTS ARE CLASSIFIED.'
Th local hoard of t'oehise county
ha.s completed the work of niakin the
Lii-sitiration :l tin1 youus men who
te-ustercd 0:1 June r.th. The work was
d h.yed by the n-..u-urriv:l ol the cards
irem yiilcox which were his1 in tin
mails. The report shows that there
wore 1'IS reL'istorii. Of this number
thre were 175 natural born citizens;
naturalized, 1 decarants, 3; aliens,
'.''; alin entmics, f.; whites, il6;
colored, none; Chinese. '1; Indians,
English, 3: Ureks. 1; Austria-1
row
mm
II
1 !: 'iv -iz.i
Sergeant Arthu
it
Featuring
Guy Einpey
(Mmself)
Arlington hotel in Tor.jbtoac. was in ' Hiir.sanaLs. 4; .wa... 1, ownt.ins. 1
the city vesu rdav on z bhon business 11: nussians. 1; Aiexieans. a; c r.ina-;
trin ' i men. 2: and three niisceluaeuus :
; which includes Fin'anders.
VISITING CITY. '
Mrs Harold McKnicht arried from I MARRIAGE J-ICENStS.
U;s Anctles yesterday for a montlTs j The following niBriau-e licenses have
visit with her sister, Mrs. A. M. Bush-1 been issued out of the clerk's office
at iomDSic.ne nuring me pusi ween.
Ernest William Kay of Douglas, to
Supported By
LOIS MEREDITH, JAMES MGRRISOM and ALL-STAR CAST
A marvelous picturization of Empey's world famous book. The greatest production in the
history of motion pictures. Here is the chance to get in the fight yourself
hell of Quality Hill.
ADJOURNED FOR SUMMER.
lnlin's pnild nrevioas to adiourn
itit fnr the nmmpr Trad very nleasan-1 Mis
'wed Mrs. Margaret Thompson cf lioug-
las; Uonny t'. Black of ruglas to we.l
ADMISSION 25 and 50c
Alice ones o!' Dcilas; Charles
ly entertained by Mrs. K. H. Wickem ' S. Hood of Douplas to wed Mae Cru
at her home in Tombstone canyon, this of Sorento. 111.: I red h. Wurth ol
Wednesday. Delightful Hoo.erized re- i rouglas to wed Flond-i pose fusiei
freshments were served.
of
er
ff Douglas; Hi' void Chimherlain Stull
iof Douglas to wed H:crriet Elizabeth
I Jones o. Uourlas; Georg(s H. Sir.ts of
I Bisbee to wed Dlanche Johnson of l;is-
hee; Chester James Jenkins of Mc
Xeal to wei Daisy Mary Mires of
RED CROSS SHOP.
The receipts from sales the last
week ct the Red Cross shop v.ere i
JC r.r. 4 ..onrn'lfi nmmint ff rlo'l-
wIt'in i,.,t i;i h-Ks :,mt!rUriua; IJenigra MurrieU of Sonora
about been depicted, so summer' nr-; Mexico, to wed Casimira Rodriguez of
nf wenrin- aur.arel are in de-i IouKlas : Rafael Gomez of Longlas to
- i-t ' - . . . i - . ... .- i ., . . : i
- v.cu renppa ?uiiiu im iijupuis, 11
lliain F. Chase of Douglas to wed Mary
jl5. Eddington of Dough's; Ernest Alex-
Mic xio,-iori M0rta,i,-h henrt nurse i anaer iiieasoe Ol L.ieu 10 1.1..1..V
.i.l r- "., hn-ni.,i i.iti V. Fountaine of IJishee: E. H. Thomp-
r-etrr, , r Ve- York- Ctv. where ! son to wed Sarah M. Snyder, both ot
"she will" visit with friends and rela- j Douglas.
mand. Across from Y. M. C. A.
TO VISIT NEW YORK.
fives for a number of weeks enjoyingj'
her summer vacation. She expects to
be gone for ?. month or six weeks. j
(Additional Local on Pae 7)
TOO LATE TO CLASSIFY
! . .
WAY GET SOME. I FOR RENT Pleasant room, opposite
The rain reported in El Paso and Castle Rock, 4G Quality Hill. 122
New Mexico and in a few places in
the northern part of the county this I FOR 11K.M 4 room iurmsnea nat in
week encourages the hope that gath
ering clouds in this vicinity during the
last few days may be the forerunner
of a good rain here. It is badly needed
in all parts of this section.
TO COLORADO.
Miss Emily Wilson, stenographer t
the Copper Queen hospital, left yes
terday for her former home in Colo
rado where she will spend, a few
w'eeks on a visit to relatives and
friends. She will return, in about a
month 4o resume her duties.
the green house at Bakerville. Phone
57 or 757. l'-l
FOR SALE Brand new 10-inch West- ;
.inghouse electric fan. $0.50. Write
P. O. Box 173G, Bisbee, and will call, i
11)
RAINING IN SPOTS.
According to parties coming in Ironj
the northern part of the county, local
showers have occurred there. Rain fell
in the Chiricahuas, the Dos Cabczas
range and in the section of the J. H.
ranch as well as in the mountains
north and west of Wi'.lcox. Several
places in the Sulphur Spring valley
have also been visited. At Douglas
Friday night there was a heavy show
er and the streets filled with running
water.
Business Locals
F. W. Dannelley, brlCic contractor;
hauling Etnd, gravel, dirt a specialty.
Fhone red 848. 62S
BIG WHEAT CROP.
Oscar Doyle, the Lowell druggist,
a few days atro received a paper from
his home town in Indiana, and the big
feature in the paper was the account
of the immense wheat crop that was to
bp harvested. The art!-'.e stated that
the cron was accounted for by the
DANCE
HIGHLAND PARK
TONIGHT
ROCKHILL'3 STAGE
Bisbee-Tombstone, L-eayes Blsbe
Bisbee Auto Co., 7 a. m., 1:30 p. m. 7
Phone Bisbee 6. AdT.
Dr. Playfair, Osteopath. 98 Manon i
Hill, Mason car stop. Phone Blue 647. i
Aav. za 1 1
11
IB
n lift" v . -.3 . .' r..x.. . ..- ii
ie s t h v" Y:
1 ' :i It ,
1 "fiM THE DA BAR A
1 fopMh DIRECTION WILLIAM FOX
PLUS WAR TAX
CP MTU A
ujamm mam v if am, stt
TODAY-
1
Ccnlinuous 1 to 11
THEATRE
-TODAY
V If A,
FOX PRESENTS THE 7-ACT TKEDA EAHA SUPER-FRODUCTION
WiLh
pi
FT
I
Li a Picliikizaticn of Alexandre Dumzs Famous Book
OPEN FOR BUSINESS AGAIN
Joseph Lippert, the Pioneer Barber !
Shop, on Main street, is again opered ,
after being closed on account of sick- j
ness. Adv.
ONE OF THE MOST SENSATIONAL AND ALLURING
PICTURES WM. FOX HAS YET FILMED AND
g TRULY A GREAT PICTURE
fefttrtboSBSI HNS
This Wm. Fox prcQucdo:: 1j iho newcsJ version cf CamUIe and combines lKrii!
romance, ?reat acting; magnificent scenic erf eels and wonderful photography.
ADMISSION:
CHILDREN, 15c;' ADULTS, 23c --
It. L. Oilman sells the New Kdison,
"the phonogTaph with a soul."
DANCE.
C & A. Band Dance, Warren Park,
Wednesday and Saturday. Admmis
sion FO centa. Ladies tree. Adv. 740
reading cr life chart from Mrs. Lump- !
kin. Laht on any subject by clairvoy
fince. If sick, a free diognosis. II in '
trouble best advice. Locates mineral.
First house south of bridge between
Johnson Addition and Lowell. Adv.
MATERNITY HOME.
Call Black 573 for terms, etc.
Adverti?en;ent-974
Painter and Paper Hanging
C. J. BRANDT
Box 150 Phone 456
k mj
TODAY and MONDAY-
a fir
n
Continuous 1 to 11
trel
-TODAY and MONDAY
KNOW THY SELF
Worth thousands of dollars to under
stand thy gifts and talents. Get a
$900 Kimball Player Piano, to trade'!
for Automobile of equal value. Kim
ball Tiano Co. Adv.
L.VRIC THEATE
o
"4k
ml- v
1 here s
Not
1L
m a
BUT YOU'LL THINK
mam
TODAY
TODAY
WILLIAM A. BRADY PRESENTS
KITTY GORDON
IN
66HP
1
HE WASP
(In 5 Parts)
Story by Willard Mack Directed by Lionel Belmore
Fast-moving! Exciting! Surprising! "The Wesp" is fiRed to overflowing with thrills,
unexpected happenings and ell the things that go to make supreme screen en
tertainment. This will please YOU. See it
PARAMONT MACK SENNETT COMEDY
"TAMING TARGET CENTER"
With
POLLY MORAN, BEN TURP1N AND TOM KENNEDY
(In 2 Parts)
3M1F
IS ONE C THE FUNNIEST THINGS THAT EVER HAPPENED, IF YOU SEE HIM IN
'-vJhTlK 1 V-i-'- ' Xt f---t-
A Thrilling, 6-act, Western Drama, Full of Pep, Staged on the Plains of New Mexico. A real Honest to Goodness
Picture that Will DcuLle You Up With Laughter
lay You Will E'ljoy
A
V
FROM START TO FINISH SO DON'T MISS IT
Also MUTT & JEFF Comedy. Admission: Matinee, Children, 10c; Adults, 15c Night, Children, 10c; Adults, 25c
I
J i
SOCIETY jj
SECTION
MINING
SECTION
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRE88
MINES, MINING, LOCAL STOCKS AND COPPER
VOL 20, No. 312.
THE BIS BEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JUNE 9, 1918.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
- 1
.I
ARIZONA RETAINS WHERE DOES HUN
EXCLUSIVE PLACE GET WAR COPPER
IN CUPPtK WUKLU S diu uUtdlluN!
GERMAN PLEASURE BOMBING FRENCH REST CAMP
The importance of the smaller cop-
per producers wa3 exemplified to some
extent by the preliminary report of
the copper production of the United
States for the year 1917 by the De
partment of Geology and Mines. In
cluding Alaska there were 25 states
which contributed to the country's
copper production and the total smel
ter production was 1,886.120,721 lbs.,
a decrease from the previous year of
2.S1,, or 41,729.827 lbs. Of this pro
duction 1,529,482,800 lbs. came from
six states, all of which, with the ex
ception of Alaska, produced more than
100.000,000 lbs.
The falling off of the production of
these six amounted to 94,343.452 lbs..
or 5.4'i ; this compares with a total
decrease or only 41.729.S27 lbs. of the
entire smelter output thus illustrating
that the smaller producers were Im
portant factors in making up part of
the falling off in the production of the
entire country;
Arizona in Lead
It is of interest to note that states
which are not in the 100,000,000-lbs.
class or better, fall far short of this
total. California is an exception
which showed an output of nearly
50.000.000 lbs., an increase of about
6,500,000 lbs. and Alaska produced
nearly 85,000.000 lbs. in 1917, or about
28,000,000 less than in 1916. Arizona
in 1917, not only retained its exclu
sive position of being by far the larg
est copper producer but also returned
an increase of 3A'r over 1916. ' The
record of the six largest producers by
smelter returns in the past two years
shows (in pounds):
1917 1916 Changes
Alaska 84.759.0S6 113.823.0G4 D. 25.6
Ariz. .".719.035,514- 694.847,307 I. 3.4
Mont. 276.225,977 352,139.768 D. 21.5
Nevada 115,028.161 100,816,724 I. 14.2
N. M. 107.593,615 79.863.439 I. 34.0
Utah ... 227,840.447 232.335,950 D. 12.9
"Where does Germany get her war
copper?" is a question frequently
asked. This continent produced 2,
392.000,000 pounds, of copper last year.
Total 1917 output for Teutonic nations
has been estimated at from 100.000.000
to 150.000,000 pounds. Present annu
al rate of war absorption of copper by j
the United States and allies is under- j
stood to be from C7 to 75 per cent of
the American production, or about 1- i
700,000,000 pounds. Allowing 125,000-j
000 for the war absorption of new I
metal by Germany, its ratio, opposed
to the war stock of the western coun-
tries, was less than 8 per cent. Less
disparity is shown, however, in the to
tal amount of war copper used by the
enemy during the four years of 1914-
1917.
England, France and Italy, 1910-1913
prodyiced altogther 131,304,400 pounds
Forl914-1917 the output would have
beeh 170,C95.000 pounds, at 30 per cent
increase, comparing with a corres
ponding increase of 37 per cent in
United States production. In 1917
England's output had become nominal
and Italy's unimportant. United States
exports for 1914-1917 were, to these
three countries. 2.487.416,000, and to
Canada, 139.SS9.000 pounds. Similar
exports from all other countries are
estimated at 305.000.000 pounds. These
exports, added to the estimated pro
duction of the allies, would make a
total gross supply of 3,103,000,000
pounds. If 80 per cent of this, or 2,
4S2,400,000 pounds, entered war uses
and were added to the 600,000,000
pounds currently believed to approxi
mate the 1917 war consumption by the
United States government, the four
years' absorption of war metal by the
United States and allies would pos
sibly aggregate about 3,000.000,000
pounds.
Combined production of Germany
and Austro-Hungary for 1910-1913 was
4S 4
French soldiers fighting fire in rest
ramp, and one of 'uns used to
down Hun planes
Hun aviators apparently get con
siderable pleasure out of soaring
over the rest camps, built behind the
lines by the French troops, and drop
ping: bombs on the buildings in which
the French boys are recuperating
from long" hours in the trenches.
Tk. .. .
umim pii.-i.ui e snows some oi &-izjg---
llOCrt P1fO-lU 1o1b fi.litinn a 11 K-fOKW.'.v.x-. i .
fire start3d in one of the camps h
a bomb from a German airplane
The other picture shows one of th
"Archies," the jjunj used by the
French to hnr.j down the air ra-d-crs
The uur.s are doinff pood work
f
2 '
5 V-?T
Totals 1.529.482.S00 1,623,826.252 D. 5.7 j 372.062.000 pounds. At United States
Including foreign conner. amounting i rate of Increase of 37 per cent the
tc 634.116,896 lbs., the total production ! Teutonic output for 1914-1917 would j
of refined copper in 1917 was 2,507,66b- have been 599.2o0,0U0 pounds. In 1914
1- V ,J : v,a
VERDE SQUAW PLANS
DEEPER EXPLORATION
due to consumption by the Nether
lands, and to se'zures by. England dur
ing the early days of the blockade,
German production and imports would j
on the above basis, total 858.025,000
667 lbs., an increase of about 144.000
000 lbs. over the previous year. De
spite the enormous demand for copper
last year it is surprising that the con
sumption, including exports, was 113
000,000 lbs. less than in 1916, the total
consumption being 1.316.000.000 lbs.,
of which 1,1,26.000,000 was exported.
The latter figure was 43't in excess
of the total of 1916.
Other States' Output
Of the total production of the coun
try, Maine contributed nearly 35.000
lbs. and Vermont over 102,000 lbs.
Like Maine, South Carolina was a
new cdmer in oepper with an output
of 210.000 lbs. Pennsylvania reported
115.000 lbs. as against 904 lbs. in 1916.
Vfia- Torco v irhw'h rnntrihiif ed
4.115 'lbs. in 1916,' produced nothing indeed 20.000.000 pounds, if it be assurn-; money ,ater on
COPPER D UDS
United States copper exports to Ger- JEROME, June 8. Plans for the
many were 176.C99.000 pounds, and to i sinking of a deep shaft that will de-
tne Netherlands lilb.ouo.uuo pounas. I veiop tne Boulder ledge at the Verde
German imports from all other neu-1 Squaw are rapidly rounding into shape
trals. are estimated at 45.600,000 A. E. Co'.ell and a party of several
pounds. Ignoring minor deductions : men will leave for the property within
FALL OFF SHARPLY
a day or two for the purpose of mak
ing a complete survey and topographi
cal map of the ground.
This survey will be made with a
view to the building of a new road up
pounds. Assuming that 85 per cent of tne Boulder workings, the location
the total was used for war. the quan- of a hoist nouse and ultimately, the
tity tnus consumed was tn&n.mv construction of an aerial tram to con
CAIMAN PROPERTIES
START DEVELOPMENT
A reflection of the increasing costs
in the production of copper and the ' properties.
regulation of the price at 23 cents
by the government is the reduction in
copper company dividends in the past
six months. While this has not affeet-
OATMAN, Ariz., June 8. Xew de
velopment work possessing great po
tentialities is now being carried for
ward at half a dozen different Oatman
At the Tom Reed, winzes
will be sunk immediately on both the
Bald Eagle and the Gray Eagle ore
bodies to prove, the depth of the ore
below the 52o foot level. StoDes will
ed all the companies, of twenty-nine.be extended upwards which will deter-
companies wnicl. have declared d.vi- mine the height of the ore above that
dends this year, only seven have held j level
to the rate established last year. These
are Anaconda, Inspiration. Green Can-
I
United Eastern
A new crosscut to the vein is being
pounds. vev nre to Hip Mpsa-ClarWlnl.. mirirnn.i I anea. Granby. Ray, Consolidated. Un-, .-., trnm ,lw ,..,,!, .,., i,- ,.
It was recently shown that atf the , les, tlian a lllile d0WD ,n the valley ited States Smelting and United Verde j below tne collar of thp oW shaft of
iiuat- ui ..Li, uc..ua..j i. ,.. o -- rrom tne nune. The management in-1 M'cu"uu- m,lc' ' v' 150 feet above the lowest, or eighth
cumulation of copper in preparation , tends t0 make no mistakpf t3le undo-rate slightly higher than last year's leve, A statlon wa8 Clt t at ,his
for actual war probably did not ex-i,ng of which wln cos,t the corapany
led that normal domestic consumption j
Industries i;V"T e.TL ". .T. .i.r' to afford easy access to the
Board in continuing the present price n Jn,e 0f the Teutonic arma-lPf The road 's r
OI ZJ'A CeniS IOr copper llliu uSum mm. irrt on nf n.t.t:il .l.l!,u "'-" 6iauca uicr
1917.
The action of the War
Only about half a mile of road is
nas Deeu a Bat "w""'1'"""- l" j actly equal to the apparent military
yruuuis, uU . n.a- - consumpticn 0f England and France,
sufficiently good case to bring about . . .. , , pstimate of 200.000.000
an advance in the price of the metal
Certainly, with the increases that are
being made in freight rates, wages,
etc., by the government, the copper
trade had reason to believe that it
would receive more consideration at
the hands of the government.
Amster's Opinion
Nathan L. Amster, well known as
an authority in the copper industry,
states that the present situation is
critioal, and that there is a shortage
of about 200,000.000 lbs. of copper,
which is increasing daily. He states
that the War Industries Board recog
nized this fact by its repeated inquir
ies whether the producers could not
increase their production, yet they
failed to encourage production through
an advance in price that would lead
to greater erforts and to production
by mines now idle. Mr. Amster fears
that a situation will develop in the
copper industry analagous to that in
the coal industry. Copper is a vital
necessity in the prosecution of the
war, and any action that would tend
to decrease the production would be a
serious mistake. The increased cost
of copper is nothing as compared to
the lack of munitions with which to
win the war.
Statistics issued by the U. S. Geolo
gical Survey give the total production
of copper in 1917 as 2,428.546.171 lbs.,
as compared with 2.259.387.315 lbs. In
1916. Of this 1,873.546.171 lbs. was
domestic, and 555.000,000 lbs. foreign
copper. With the supplies on hand at
the beginning of the year the availa
ble supply of copper last year was
2.556,546.171 lbs., as compared with
2,341,816.981 lbs. in 1916. Exports
were 1.126.082.417 lbs., as compared
with 784.006.486 lbs. in 1916, and storks
on hand at the close of 1917 amounted
to 114.000,000 lbs., as compared with
12S.055.229 lbs. at the close of 1916.
It is evident from these government
figures, therefore, that there was a
reduction of about 14.000.000 lbs. in
the stocks of copper during the year,
an amount that is not lare, as com-
(Continued on Fage Two)
which it would be difficult and expen
sive to haul heavy machinery.
The Boulder ledse. of schiet and
quartz, is approximately seventy feet
An adit drift
Vr,Vr oi, on the surface.
'"'Vr.";. .7Z..Y '' run in about 100 feet and a shal-
j . 1 n.in cm r.n rt J i U I IO "
WOUIU lOiai 3-0,C:i,VUU pUUllUH. Ill (Mil
er words, prior to 1918, Germany's ap-
k nn 4- ('am n (.anrnt ln.n nf 4fiut rtnnt
"-"- runs around four percent copper,
copper was in round numbers possibly; . ,onta T
1.000,000.000 pounds, as against a pos
sible 3,000.000.000 for . the United
States and allies.
The increment which Germany's
war copper derived from scrap metal
cannot be estimated. It is relevant,
however, that the total Teutonic nor-
point wJien the shaft was lowered to
total as the extra dividends were not
i its present level last winter. The
In view of the fact that some or the work of opening up the vein on this
companies have already declared two level will be prosecuted as rapidly as
quarterly dividends this year, notably possible, so that connections mav be
the Calumet and Hecla group, it may I niade from the eighth level up to the
be taken ror granted mat uie divinenu
distributions on such companies in the
second quarter probably mark the rate
for the full year provided there are no
present workings, thus providing im
proved ventilation.
New Midway Officers
A complete reorganization of the
radical changes from the present gen- Midwav MjniR a,1(, M11i ro.
era! conditions,
was
effected at the annual meeting of the
winze sunk, attaining a total depth w!ine t'a'u,"e.t an(l "l"!1 ,0,al i stockholders held here Monday.
from the surface of about fifty feet, dividends ot per snare last year
The winze is bottomed in tore tha I as high as $25 for three quartetrs.
i the rate was reduced to per quar-
It is tentatively planned to raise ter in the last quarter of last year ann
from the winze to U; surface, where last weeK was increased 10 ia. i nis
the new plant will be located. Then ! is the only company which has m
the shaft will be sunk to a depth of . creased the distribution this year, al
at least 500 feet right in the ore. From though Davis-Daly entered the divi
the bottom a crosscut will 1p run ! dend ranks for the first time. The last
and tne
Charles II. Burlock was elected pnsi
dent and gem ral manager. Bcnj. II.
Wilson, vice president, and M. N.
Kcmpley secretary and treasurer.
These with C. C. Kenipley. Will II. Ho!
comb, L. A. Burlock and I. M.- Pierce
oonstitute the board of directors. ?lr.
Kui'locK was tne original owner of Uie
claims of the company, which adjoin
Record May Production
Outstanding Feature In
Arizona Mining Circles
Figures for Month Just Ended, 76,711,507 Pounds, Are
Conclusive Proof to Nation That Miners, Operators
and Operatives Are Doing Best to Assist Government in
Gigantic Tasks Imposed by War.
, . . . , wiuuiuaiiuii Ul IIIC eicdi null 11,11 . ' I
real domestic consumption for 10 years . . .
.. ,,. ., , iron gossan so prinnnent on the hill
preceding 1914, allowing a rate of in- .,, K , .
crease equal to that of the United
States, as was recently pointed out,
would have amounted to 2,520.853.000
pounds. It has been stated that in
ordinary times public uervice compan
ies are responsible for two-thirds of
the consumption of copper. Germany
is said to .have collected copper roofs,
bells, statuary, utensils, doorknobs,
and other forms of scrap, but it may
be doubted that extensive wire plants
were dismantled, or that electric
equipment was demolished. The
above assumption would imply that
the gross supply of metal, exclusive
of that used for powe-- and light, which
had been absorbed in domestic chan
nels for 10 years prior to the war,
mieht aDDroximate 1.000,000.000
pounds. If this entire amount of met-j
companies is shown here:
Last Quar.
Rare
Ahmeck 2.00
Allouez1" 1.50
Anaconda 2.00
Arizona Commercial 50
side a short distance above the Boul
der ledge.
Driving of the Barter tunnel has
been discontinued thirty-one feet from
There it passed through the diorite
foot wall anil into the leilee. It ia hvi
no means certain that it has reached jC. and A, 2.00
the hanging wall but the formation be-Cal. and Hecla 13.00
came much tighter. Al the way from Centennial 1.00
the footwall to the face is mineralized,! hino 1:
lpdsn matter. Copper Range 1.50
A drift has just been started north
ward on the ore lying next to the foot
wall. Yesterday the drift had prog
ressed only five feet but in that dis
tance the good ore had widened. It is
several inche? wider in the floor of i
the drift than in the roof.
1.00
9.00
S5.00
1.00
11.00
10.00
Davis Daly 50
Granby 2.5;
Green Cananea 2.00
Inspiration 2.00
Isle Royale .' 50
Kennecott 100
Mohawk B OO
the total supply . thus augmented
would still figure 1.000,000,000 pounds,
or 33 per cent less thfn that of the
allies. A more difficult question from
the enpmy's standpoint would seem to
be, "Where will Germany got her fut
ure supply of war copper?"
United States senators will
elected by statf-wide popular vote In
seventeen otates this year. It is proD
able that pome unique situation will
be evolved. Miss Martin, who is a
candidate in Nevada, announces that
she is to make the race for the senate
strictly on the platform that she is a
woman.
westward to intersect the downward uiwuk.ius u.-.rt-u w , the Mos8Dack prpprty. isoth proper-
continuation of the great outcrop of! paid out of last years earnings of 29 ( , controlled bv the same
1Q17 interests. A complete working plant
1". was installed on the Midway in 1916
'v' and a shaft sunk nearly 200 feet deep.
10 00 11 is tne inten,ion of tlie new nianage
g00iment to carry on development work
111 i rniri uirpiii auu r.jiuic iiitr iuu,-n
vein which crosses the property.
Mossback
The new plant is now completely in
stalled and the work of unwaterins the
mine is under way. To celebrate this
! event, a flag raising and picnic will be
in on I held on the property next Sunday.
qq' Record Lode
jj'oo I A new and more powerful compress-
4 00 or nas heen installed at this property
5 70 and the work of pumping out the wat
0 50 I pr 's now' PrKrPSS- When this is
8 00 j completed, the shaft will be lowered
1400 !an atlditional 200 feet to the 500 foot
1S 00''CVP'- excellent showing was dis-
4 'o0 j closed in the drift cn the 300 foot level
4'j;5 I and many large eastern stockholders
who recently visited the property rec-
omniended the continuation of develop
ment. Big Jim
The new engine and compressor are
now completely installed and ready
for operation. Supt. Henderson's first
work will be to pumo the water out of
the shaft which will be completed In
a few days, when sinking to the 400
foot level will lo commenced.
Alcyone
Shaft sinking from the 200 to the
400 foot level is due to start today on
The new plant is ready
Old Dominion 100
Osoeola 2.00
Why would it not be a good idea Ouincv 2.50
al (only) were resmelted for war uses to place contribution boxes in theRav Consolidated 100
vestibules of the city churches. ; Shattuck-Arizona 50
After every patriotic sermon ana Tennessee Copper 1.00
there are many these excitine days '. s. Smelting J 25
there would be an opportunity Tor it. V. Evtension 75
those who were stirred to give some- rtah Consolidated 50
thing to the government. They : rtah Copper 2.50
would contribute some money to Wolverine 3.00
Uncle Sam on which he would not ue I
be compelled to pay interest. i The country will be glad to kne-.nr
: that there is to be a clearing out or
Why would it not be an excellent the desk warriors at Washington,
idea to stablizie the prices 'of cottton i Send them to an officers' trainins
5.00
2.75,
3.50
14.50
13.00
I
goods, woolens, manufactured clotn- ramp or the national army,
ing, hats, shoes, etc? Unless some-1
thfnp I, done thpv will nnnn hp lip-. Tl,.r. vnnnv mpmhprs nf ron-
yound the purses of persons of moo-! jrress who never did know just how tn's PrnPprty
erate means. i the apple got into the dumpling.
I
(Continued on Pago Two)
The outstanding feature of metal mining in the state is the record copper
output in May of 76,711.5"7 pounds. The figures put It straight up to the
nation that Arizona copper miners, operators and operatives are doing their
hit and allowing no discouragement from any cause. In the first week of
June general operating conditions have been such that it is indicated thathe
total output for the present month will exceed that of May. an outcome that
should he most impressive for Americans and highly discouraging to their
enemies.
BEAR OUT CLAIMS
The May figures are particularly gratifying to those who have held that
efforts at creation of disaffection have been reduced to the minimum in the
state through the watchfulness of loyal men and their determination that the
trouble period of 1917 be not repeated. It is admittedly true that German
agents of one sort and another are still doing their best to work in and bring
renewal of disaffection by hook or crook, but it is also true that so close an
eye Is kept upon these, and that that workingmen are now so well informed
as to the real purpose of the specious arguments advanced by those who
would have work slowed up, that they do not get far before they are obliged
to get out.
RAY MAKES NEW RECORD
Approximate estimate of the output of Ray Consolidated for the month
of May shows that .the property exceeded its best previous month's produc
tion of metal, safely crossing the 8.000.000 pound mark. This was better than
Ray was able to do in any month of last' year, although it was free from
strike troubles and operating at high efficiency. The May production of
thi3 year was with a lesser compliment of skilled men in several divisions, due
to draft and higher wages on government contract work, facts which hen
takpn in consideration express a great deal of praise for those who are on
the job at the property, from bottom to top. They are doing their part in the
war.
IN THE WARREN DISTRICT
Another producer has been added to the state list by the Warren district.
Denn-Arlzona Copper Co. appearing in the May production for the first time.
Its output of metal during the month was 264.507 pounds. This amount was
much higher than in any previous month of shipping from Denn since de
velopment resumed a year ago. Mining has practically been established on
the upper levels, where continued development in ore goes on. The water
has been cleared from the 1600 level and development has been started there.
Several drifts are to he run and the country thoroughly explored. It has been
demonstrated that the pumping facilities installed are equal to keeping the
level clear of the water from the single drift now extant and it is believed
they will be equal to whatever other water may develop.
SHATTUCK A PARTICIPANT
The fact that Denn is receiving the advantage of the skill and energy
of the Shattuck staff in the district and that U C. Shattuck is due in greatest
part the confidence in the property that brought about the resumption of its
development, has served to couple its endeavors in the public mind with
Shattuck. The production of the latter in May is therefore looked upon as
entitled to credit also for the Denn production, and figured that way Shattuck
was over the million pound mark, with 1.100.000 pounds of copper. It is now
-loped that the last of the equipment for Shattuck's new mill will have been
received and installed in time to permit of its going in operation in July,
when another gain to the production of the company is to be looked for..
SACRAMENTO HILL WORK
The steam shovels are making rapid headway on Sacramento Hill, where
the appearance of things changes daily. The gigantic task is beginning to
take form and to get down with permanent strides to where they will be
taking out ore. Preparations for mill construction for the handling of those
ores are moving ahead as speedily as war time conditions will permit.
Whether it will have part in finishing the war depends on how long the
latter lasts. The estimates of some experts as to the duration of the struggle
leave room for this enterprise to enter with large assistance upon the final
period.
PLANTS CHECK OUTPUT
United Verde Extension was some below its usual production in May.
This is accounted for by the fact that they have not only been producing, ore.
for shipping to smelter but also for the stock pile at their new smelter, which
it is now expected will be blown in in July. The stock pile at this plant has
already assumed proportions of satisfying character and by the time it is
attacked for supplies will represent an abundant reserve. In the Clifton-
Morcnci district Shannon was a little short of normal output by reason of
its converters being down following the twentieth of the month. Except for
this fact the showing ot the company in May would have been remarkably
good. At Morenci they are still experiencing some difficulty in restoring
plant operations to normal but are making excellent headway at this time.
IMPORTANT MEASURE
- In the mining districts of the state generally there is a great deal ot
comment with regard to the proposed Amendment to the Constitution of tha
state which would provide for compensation of injured workmen. The min
ing districts, where the large majority of the workingmen of the state are,
and where hazards of employment are greater, are considering the proposed
amendment as the most important matter that can possibly come before tbeni
in the November election. It deals with the welfare of their wives, children
and other dependents is a hearthstone matter. This is true with, all w
ployes in the state. If fair compensation comes to them as state insurance. TWO
THE BISBErJ DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JUNE 9, 1918.
RECORD MAY PRODUCTION OUTSTANDING
FEATURE IN ARIZONA MINING CIRCLES
which the proposed amendment prv
vides, without question and just as the
pay envelope does, half the terrors of
injury are removed. The injured man
knows that his credit will be good and
that his family will not suffer, because
it will be of knowledge with the grocer
and all others that his income is not
out off and will not be as long as he
is unable to work. If death results,
the family is protected. Its Income
continues. None of the uncertainties
of collection or of legal contests can
come in to cause worry or distress.
These features are very attractive to
the workman and his family, and are
making hhn a supporter of the meas
ure. The employer is reached no less
forcefully, because the proposed
amendment assures him that he is go
ing to be relieved of a great deal of
doubt and worry that one way and an
other costs him as much or more every
year as the cash that lie actually puts
out in meeting personal injury claims.
So far as he is concerned, the law is
to all intent and purpose compulsory.
. He cannot afford to take the risk
which remaining from under Its bejie
fits carries. In the case of the work
men, the benefits assured him are
such that he cannot afford to not ac
cept them.
Present activity in connection with
the amendment is in securing signat
ures to petitions asking that it be
placed on the ballot this fall. It will
then be up to the voters to accept or
reject the measure, as they may see
fit. The following points gleaned
from reading the measure, which is
remarkably simple in wording and def
inite in terms as compared with the
usual legal document, are of interest
as practically explaining the entire
proposal:
Points in Amendment
It is to replace the present inade-
MAYER COMPETES FOR
MINES RECOGNITION
(Bv P. R. Milnes)
PRESCOTT, June 8. The history
of Mayer district, which is setting up
a loud cry for recognition in competi
tion with" the Jerome district, is as
interesting as any part of the vast
mineral domain encompassed within
tiie confines of Yavapai county. Not
so many years ago it was a real west
ern cow town, and although there was
some mining in a desultory way, the
real money whict supported the sa
loons and gaming places came from
the owner of the festive bovine. Gold
was taken in quantity from shallow
workings and from the beds of streams
within sight of Mayer. Through
Mayer came ox teams from the south
laden down with high grade ore,
trundling on their way to the railway
at Ash Fork, more than 100 miles
northwestward. Here the ores were
carried by rail to the Colorado river,
and then transferred to crude boats
and freighted down the river from
where they were shipped to different
parts of the world for smelting. It
was only profitable to export high
grade copper, gold and 6ilver ore from
the country in this way, as some of
the ores were freighted across seas
as far as Wales for smelting. Many
pounds of silver ores cost the ship-j
pers as liish as 50 cents for transpor
tation. The early mining history of
the district proved the wonderful rich
ness of the country- Efforts are now
being centralized on the copper prop
erties, and little is heard of the gold
and silver mines, for copper is King.
Today there is a different story tn tell.
The cow man has been relegated to
a back seat, the nomadic miner and
typical prospector of other days Is no
more, and where once individual ef
fort counted for much, the magic of
dollars, otherwise capital, is wresting
hidden treasure from the ground in a
scientific way and on a business basis
And the treasure is there, and in abun-
Ana wie rHui c i& mt--i c, aiiu in
prospects into properties which now
supply the Consolidated Arizona
Smelting company with ores for its
big smelter at Humboldt. Had it not
been for the faith of the Consolidated
in these two mines the chances are
that the Mayer district would have
gone backward instead of forward, min
and De Soto were the alpha of the dis-
shewiues at the Ilinihampto'n and
Copper Queen give promise of devel
oping in large ore bodies. The Pent
land and the Pocahontas arc showine
up splendidly and besides there are
many excellent prospects which have
strong hopes of breaking into the pro
ducing class before long.
Several years ago the Great West
era smelter was bui t by the ircaaweii
people, about a half mile south of
Mayer. About a year ago. men inter-j
ested in the Big Ledge took over the
smelter, and for several months oper-
ated.
Eight months ago the smelter closed
down as the result of a Big Ledge row.
The optimistic insist that operations'
.... J V. . I ...1.,,.
. ii
win oe resumed neu wc uifi i sc
people have blocked out enough ore
in the Henrietta and Butternut mines
to assure them an adequate daily sup-
nlv of material. At any rate, the re-
.i!l U on.
not of cours;. be forecast, but that the 75 foot lev-! M,., from
section is being worked as never be- here averag ng fro, , 1 . , . IS prent
fore, and any day may witness tapper J, p
bringing ,n of even better mines than , I P J J
the two mentioned. The splendid tl.es art to ,
opening of the Great Western smelter Rowings made. Work at the main
is an event awaited in Mayor. Black G'ant property, near the Little
The Mayer Ore Purchasing Coinpa- (j;in)- )s .g done by cenlract dur
ny, however, located alwmt a inilr tnf, Mim.r montiis. running the
south of Mayer, is now in operation. : tunnel into the Black Giant
Part of the works is being operated as
a custom plant, thus affording the
small producers cf the district a mar-
ket for their ores. The sampling de-
partmeut is equipped with machinery
quale compensation law.
It provides insurance to the employ
er and guarantee of fair compensa
tion to the injured workman.
It provides state insurance to the
employee at no cost to himself and at
only actual cost to his employer.
The injured person entitled to eom-
j pensation win receive it direct trom
I the Industrial Accident Hoard of the
! state, promptly and without the as
I sistance of lawyers. It should meet
I no opposition from either employer or
j employee it is good for both. It con
tains no catches, come-backs or joker.
It protects the widow and orphan no
less than the-injured workman.
; It safe-guards these from the tricks
:and fees of a certain class of lawyers
land from the technicalities of courts
! by doing away with the need of law
I yers.
It provides payment of compensation
'at full rate during life and the contin
uance of permanent total disabilities.
The employee knows and his family
knows when he leaves home just what
will be received if misfortune befalls
him during the day. whether it is the
loss of a toe or any minor or maior
injury between that and life itself.
It comprises all that is best, clearest
and most unequivocal in the Wash
ington and New York compensation
laws, considered the foremost in the
country in liberality and protection,
and goes all of them one better in
clearness and in high payments.
In reality it is plain accident insur
ance, guaranteed by the state and
paid for by the employer. It is cheap
er for him than buying insurance
from a company operated for profit.
In cutting out litigation, it will reduce
court costs and taxes for both t'ie
employer and the employe and for all
other taxpayers.
which does that class of work automat
ically, and has a capacity of 120 tons
a day. In addition the company has a
custom concentrating mill with equip
ment for both table concentration and
flotation. A leaching department, to
gether with electrolytic precipitation
is planned.
The company will operate in connec
tion with its plant a modern custom
assay office and ore testing plant, spe
cial provisions having been made to
make flotation tests on ores in lots of
five pounds up to a car load. This
will enable mine owners to obtain the
necessary data in order to decide up
on a flow sheet best suited to their
ores.
The proposed short line from Phoe
nix to Jerome will give Mayer, an im
mense advantage in getting in touch
with the outside world. It will permit
a cheap and quick outlet for ores and
will insure getting iu supplies when
they are needed. Then practically ev
erything that the mines in the sur
rounding country nee'd will be obtain
ed in Mayer. This means that Mayer
will be a headquarters iu every sense
of the word for one of the big mining
districts in Arizona.
CUPRITE DISTRICT IS
SHOWING GOOD VALUE
The B;ack Giant jImes company at
Cuprite has completed the installation
of its power plant and machinery at
the Little Giant mine and last week
started to continue sinking the shaft
below the 115 foot level, where it has
opened up one of the longest shoots
cf high grace shipping ore yet found
in the Cuprite district. The new
equipment consists of a four drill In-gersoll-Rand
air compressor, belt driv
en by a Fairbanks Morse engine, a 23
H..P. Fairbanks engine and hoist,
blower engine and other equipment,
including new and larger gallows
frame, etc.
The main shaft is sunk on the in-
, . , n t iw.
a distance ol l.-u icei iroiu me snan,
or a total of 3i0 feet, showing a con
tinuous ore shoot all the way. averag
ing from twelve inches to about three
feet, much of the ore belli:; high 'grade
sulnhides. glance and cuprite. The
vein is still continuing strong in both
faces of the drift; particularly in the
he ore bod the N-M e cd UP-
LirillS liar ill.w urr.it iu:
will soon start sloping on the upper
levels. So far all the ore shipped lias
lieen taken out during development
work, sinking ami drifting, no sloping
having been done as yet. It is conser
vatively estimat.fi that over $1"0,000
worth of ore has been blocked out dur
ing the past sixty days. With the
1 1...... Iw.itzt utwl ln:u-hilll' I
r,lnnin ,e company expects to
e tQ a t lm,re work ,
. , f Illontlls.
' J ovpr , Jan.
;" 1 b j
A nmbcr of the larger stockholders i
an(j 0ffjf,,rs Df the company from Mo-1
b(le Aial,ama, have been visiting t lie j
n,ouerty recently, among them being:
V . ,. . 1
ithu iiiiu idi ii" ...- . .... -
q, 0 g i.eatJieroury. t api. i ai. u"a
m.,y0r of Mobile, Thos. Lyons, C. A.
siliPVi T. k. Jackson and others. All
themselves as being well
ua,jri,i jtli , work done and:
nimln, .,jn while the work at the Li'tle :
(;i;,nt is Imii-u- dine under l he super-,
vj..jn f ;j jL Conin. formerly of the
cittstmi g Jerome.
.Noelchcck and Hatch hue shipped j
1 u uuiin 11 j
six cars of high grade copper-gold ore
from the 3U0 foot level of the Critic
during May and are rapidly gettinz In
shape to make a much larger produc
tion as soou as the old workings are
cleaned out, chutes put in, etc. Some
of this ore is running over $40 gold
per ton iu addition to the copper val
ues. Frank Lucas and Wm. Raton
have just shipped a car from their
lease on the east end of the Critic
claim.
The Cuprite Investment Co. is going
rigJit ahead with tne development of
the Little Giant Kxtension property,
joining the Little Giant on the south.
This property was formerly known as
the AVilkinson property and covers
three thousandfeet in length of the
main Little Giant vein. Considerable
high grade copper-gold ore has already
been shipped from shallow tunnels on
the property, averaging about 15 ',;
copper and from $25 to H0 gold per
ton; six cars having been shipped
from one shallow grass root tunnel.
A Fairbanks-Morse hoist lias just buen
installed at the main shaft which is
now down Go feet and contract has
just been let to Wilson and Alexander
to sink 100 feet and start drifting
along the vein under the hill and old
tunnel workings. The bottom of the
shaft now shows over three feet of ore
averaging over $30 a ton in gold, with
the copper values commencing to
come in stronger every shift. By many
of the old timers this property is con
sidered to be the lest in the district.
Josephi and Wilkinson having shipped
ore running as high as $100 a ton in
gold during the days before the rail
road was built when copper ores could
not be shipped on account of the dis
tance freni transportation.
Olester and Fugatt have just shipp
ed one car of ore from their lease on
the west end of the Bullard and are
now taking out a car from the 125 foot
level of the shaft. A six horse power
hoist has just been installed and the
boys expect to crosscut to the vein
from the bottom of the shaft very soon
now. Considerable high grade ore
has already been shipped from the
tunnel level just above the shaft. Wal
cott and Kinnsar have recently shipp
ed several cars from their lease on the
east end of the Bullard.
Mrs. E. M. Cooper has just let con
tract for 100 feet of work on her lease
on the American Flag claim, joining
the west end of t'ie Little Giant and is
getting out some good ore. The Cob
rita Verde Copper Co, are working
two or three men on their lease on a
part of the Little Giant ground, about
five hundred feet west of the Little
Giant shaft, and are getting out some
good glance ore.
Willcox and Wintz are taking out j
high grade ore on their War Baby
claim, joining the Black Giant proper-1
ty and expeot to make a shipment
soon. Willcox is cne of the best pros-1
peetcts in the district and opened up
one of the best surface showings in I
the district on the ground that had
been walked over bymany others.!
The green dump at the War Baby is
now one of the features of the land
scape in that vicinity and cannot be
overlooked by anyone within a mile of
it.
It is rumored tJiat one of the large
copper companies is about ta take ov
er the Robinson, or Desert group, join
ing the Little Giant Extension and Bul
lard properties. Considerable work
has already been done on this proper
ty and it has been passed upon favor
ably by some of the best engineers in
the state.
The district Is more active at tins
time than at any time in its history
and a great deal of new work is being
started, both by old owners and r.ew
companies.
niXQ
i onunsftut ruio ,
X
CURB ON TOMBSTONE
TOMBSTONE. June 8. Owing to
lack of cars there is now about twen
ty cars of leasors' silver, lead, gold and
manganese ores awaiting shipment
from this camp.
The small mill bein-j erected on the
Winters claims is nearing completion.
It will be operated by John Kolilen.
Developing by the Phelps Dodge
people continues with reported good
result. A systematic constructive de
velopment pi. in of the now known big
bojy of silvcr-lead-manganese ores is
now going on with g"od headway bo
i:g made in eight fir nine drifts and
two shafts that are being sunk. Ac
cording to rumors, all the ore carries
copper up to two per cent and geolo
gists studying t'ie formation say the
chance of a gond copper body in the
wafer under the manganese is excel
lent. The company gives out no state
ments officially, any more than that
they are working out a practical solu
tion of tiie treatment of the lime man
ganese now developing here. Persist
ent rumor says they have the matler
solved.
ARIZONA RETAINS
EXCLUSIVE PLACE
IN COPPER WORLD
('"o.i'iiiu d fprn I'injo On'
pared with the production, but which
is sci ious w in n it is considered that
no decrease ill t'ie consumption is
prolianle for some time to come, while
there is a strong probability- that the
production will uecline. it would not
lake a great change to wipe out the
surplus of 114.0oo.000 lbs., which is on
ly uliout two or three weeks' supply.
Prcbubly if the surplus f-hould dis
appear the government would awake
I. tin. mir-ouctt i- of flwiillri : n ir Ilto-
duUion, but it can scarcely expect
that pioductrj will rush their plants
to produce at a loss. Of fours", there
are many c aipmr.Cj thai are making
gui d pn.li: i on t it; present puce ot
the metal icul t i.ii v ould make more
if the price r-hcilld be advanced, but
n it ii i he n.ioseil im re'u.e in 'axes
on excess pro'its tleso con panics
would n 1 s; i ii a l.-ir..v p:u ; oi ;lo-ir pro!
its to
the gen lliini-M. :-o t Ii : 1 litt'e
would -.f but i;: this
liiliCf:!.-. t iiniii;,li (!"
-i!
e i:t
outpal would he great
Mining and Financial News
BY REVIEW
NEW YORK. June 8 Traders rep
resenting pools and cliques were iu
complete procession of today's short
and unimportant stock market, direct
ing their energies mainly toward auto
mobile, tobacco and other special is
sues.
Early gains of one to lour points
in general motors, studebakcr, chand
ler. Maxwell Ilrst preferred. Pierce Ar
row Sumatra Tobacco, tobacco pro
ducts, hide and leather preferred, cen
tral ileather, .industrial alcohol and
distillers were mostly maintained at
the close.
I'nited States Steel and related
shares were sluggish at the outset
with rails, but both sections strength
ened visibly on short covering later,
accompanied by American smelling,
Atlantic Gulf, Baldwin Locomotive
and minor specialties.
Sales amounted to 1S5.000 shares.
The strength of Liberty issues, es
pecially the first fours, which rose 2
per cent over the low record of the
early week, was the noteworthy fea-
DIVIDEND PROBABLE
FROM NEW CORNELIA
With the declaration of the regular
quarterly dividend of $2 per share,
Calumet and Arizona continues the
rate which it has been paying since
the first quarter of 1916, except that
in that year an extra of $1 was paid
as a return of capital and last year 'i
extra paid for the same purpose.
On an $8 per annum basis the com
pany is well within earnings for de
spite the fact that last year was one
of difficulties for all the copper pro
ducers Calumet and Arizona finished
the period with just over $10 per share
earned. In the year 1916, $17.36 were
shown for the stock, and in 1915, $S.83
in the past three years the company
has paid a total of $23.25 per share out
of earnings of $26.52, leaving a balance
of $3.27 per share.
At the close of 1917 the company
showed net working assets of $S,064
000 as against $7,571,000 at the end of
the previous year and $6,938,000 at the
1915.
A big asset which is accruing to the
advantage of Calumet and Arizona is
the New Cornelia the future of which
is a very bright one. The property is
now producing at the rate of between
50,000,000 and 60,000,000 pounds of
copper per annum and it will not be a
great while before the rate will be up
to a 90,000,000-pound production.
Of the 1.404,900 shares of stock out
standing Calumet and Arizona owns
978,821 shares which cost It a very
olw figure. There has been some talk
that the parent company would dis
tribute this stock to the Calumet and
Arizona stockholders but there is very
little likelihood of this at least in the
near future. On 4,000,000 pounds pro
duction per month the company Is fig
ured to be earning at the rate of $7
200,000 per annum on 234 cent copper
or over $5 per share. This should re
sult in dividend action this year. A
$2 dividend would mean additional
earnings for Calumet and Arizona of
nearly $3 per share on its own stock.
HLL TEST FOR GOLD
AT GUNSIGHT MINES
TI CSON, June 8. What is believed
the beginning of a thorough mill test
for gold in the Gunsight district, 24
miles cast of Ajo and southwest of
Tucson, by the Bullion Bar Mining &
Development company, has been com
menced. A gasolene hoist Is now being In
stalled, and plans are being laid to put
in a 10-statnp mill for the treatment
of the ere. Detroit capital has been
interested in the venture, after a thor
ough investigation during which the
ore in the two shafts was sampled
three times and double-checked, then
checked the third time.
By means of pan amalgamation, the
first bar of gold was finished this
week. It contains, according to re
lrts, about $75 worth of gold.
The vein is from 3 to 7 feet wide, the
reported values in gold are from $2 to
$240 a ton, the ore I much of it being
highly decomposed) is soft enough to
be easily and cheaply mined, and the
mine is admirably situated for a mill
site c lose by: and. according to reports,
hut 40 leet to water.
Seven men are at work at the prop
erty. OATMAN PROPERTIES
START DEVELOPMENT
j for work and no time w ill be lost in
It ..nl . ...( fi-ntn Pum Cl,iu
exploring the vein at the lower level.
' Gold Ore
President Werden reports excellent
results being achieved in the west
drift on the 50 foot level as well as
in sloping above the aOO foot level.
The or body is widening out at both
points indicating a greater tonnage
than preliminary estimates anticipat
ed. .Maximum production of about 70
tons daily is being maintained at the
mill, mining and transportation keep
ing pace with this requirement. Al
to, ether President Werden is highly
gratilled with the progress being
made.
Thursday' was a holiday In the camp,
the principle ifiines being closed down
in crdt r to celebrate Memorial Day
and the vi.it of Gov. G. W. P. Hunt to
(l:ii;i!:i:j .is the guest of the local min
er;' iiii ;:-,. A serticp flag with 46
sliirs, shewing that many members of
the uni' u in w;ir service, was hoisted
to l'ie lop cf the civic flag pole. Gen
eral Sapl. .1. A. 1 urg 'ss or t'ie I'nited
Fa-ilern velnmud Gov. Hunt to the
cat.ip on behalf of t'ie mining compan
ies, ill" governor's speech dealt with
pii'm lii suhjeiis ami Arizona's acti
Mtics iu Hie war.
LEASED WIRE
ture of the bond market. Total sales
of bonds (par value) aggregated
$3,525,000.
United States bonds old issues were
unchanged on call during the week.
GRAINS
CHICAGO. June 8. Overbuying
based on anticipation of small receipts
and on increased cash demand led to
a setback in corn today after a lively
advance. The market closed unset
tled at the same as yesterday's finish
to U cent lower, with July $1.36i
to $1 37 and August $1.38. Oats fin
ished unchanged to cent down, and
provisions off 30 to 55 cents.
Until the last hour, corn values
moved briskly upward almost froia
the outset. Near the end of the day,
however, the market was unable o
withstand the weight of profit taki ig
less and of week-end adjustment of
trades.
Oats merely reflected changes in the
value of corn.
Lower quotations on hogs pulled
down provisions.
BANK CONDITIONS '
NEW YORK, June 8. The actual;
condition of clearing house hanks and ;
trust companies for the week shows
that they hold $44.11S.21( reserve iu !
excess of legal requirements. This
is an Increase of $11,165,2S0 from last I
week. ,
COTTON MARKET I
NEW YORK. June 8. The cotton
list closed steady at a net advance oi j
27 to 36 points. j
NEW YORK METALS
NEW YORK, June 8. Bar silver!
99 V4.
NEW YORK
By L. J. OVERLOOK, Broker.
Closing Quotations, June 8. 1918
Anaconda Ii2r
American Can -i l"
American Car 79
American Locomotive 62'3
American Smelter 74 n
Baldwin 8S';
Bethlehem (B) 81 -t
C & O
CPil 47V3
Central Leather 63-'s
Crucible 62 ft
Distillers 5S -j
Erie 15 i
Goodrich 44 -i
General Motors 127
Independent Alcohol 122
Lackawanna 85
Maxwell 85
Maxwell 26' ,
Marine, Preferred 102
Midvale i 4
Mexican Petroleum 93'i
New York Central 71 rt
Northern Pacific 86
Reading SS
Rubber 57
Republican Steel 84
Studebaker 45,i-
Steel 98 -t
Steel, Preferred 109;,
St. Paul 42 ! i
Southern Pacific 83
Sinclair Oil ; 2S
Union Pacific 120' t
United States Marines 39
BOSTON
;d,ven,ture 50
Allouez 48
Alaska I1,:
Arizona Commercial 13
American Zinc 151't
Butte Superior 21
C & A 7'.
C & H .. 435
C Range 4v4
Chino 36T'd
;hi"lo 13
E Butte 83
Granby 74
Grand Canadian -1
Goldfield 20
Hancock . . . . 6
Indiana 5')
Inspiration 4SVi
Kcnnecott 31'i
Keweenaw 1V
Lake 5'i
IiSalle 2
Miami 27 Vj
Mohawk 61 ''j
N Butte 15'i
Nip 8 it
Old Dominion 40
Osceola 46
Pond Creek 19 1 i
Quinry 70
Ray Consolidated 23',
Shattuek 16
Shannon 3"s
St. Marys IS
Utah Copper 793
Utah Consolidated D'd
Winona l'
CURBS
Arkansas and Arizona...
Austin
Arizona Silver King
Big Ledge
Butte & London
Calumet & Jerome
7 7
t !
1 Vh
IS
I'h
18,i :
1
6S i
39
21 ;
'.H
't ;
2;v
2'.
45 " !
37,
Cornelia
Consolidated Arizona ...
Consolidated Copper ...
Curtiss
I:nn
I Hindu::
Emma
Federal Oil
Gadsden
Hull
Howe Sound
Hecla
Jerome Verde
Jerome Vb.tr
Magma Copper
Magma Chief
Miami Consolidated ....
Porphyry
Pitts Jerome
Kay Hercules
Tom Reed
Tuolonine
United Eastern ..
Verde Extension
Verde Combination
Wi'verine Arizona
West End
White Caps
Wright Martin
60
52
48
1S5
95
3''4
38-'.
'i
l'i
S2
Hi
OATMAN
By Collins A. Bretherton
A run 2
Adams 2
Arizona Rex
Arizona Tom 11 2
Tig Jim Con 5
Boundary Cone
Gold Ore 10
Gold Itoarl Bon 3
Cold Clin
I.:.cky Boy 'I
Sunnysuie 2
Telltiride
Tom Reed 1.85
I'nited Eastern 3.40
I'nited Northern
Red Lion
Other Curbs
Gadsden 2.50
Green Monster 62
Butte London IS
Dundee 87
Venture Hill
Pitts Jerome 52
Jerome Verde 56
Ark-Arizona 08
Jerome Portland
Ins-Needles 06
Hull Copper 45
Magma Chief 22
10
15
!
3
16
1.S7
3 10
j. ij
t;9
1.00
.01
.51
.HZ
.11
.23
.12
.1.0
Legal Notice
United Chino Oil and Refining
Company
At a special meeting of the Board of Directors of the
United Chino Oil and Refining Company, held at the
General Office of the Company, at 1 5 North Second
Avenue, Phoenix, Arizona, at 3 P. M., Friday, May
31st, the following resolution was adopted:
WHEREAS, THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS at
a previous meeting decided to give the stockholders of
the company an opportunity to pay the balance of two
cents per share on their stock, to clear it for trading on
the open exchanges, and
WHEREAS, at the same previous meeting it was
decided to issue bonus stock to those who paid the two
cents per share now instead of waiting until the com
pany is producing oil in commercial quantities. FUR
THERMORE, the Directors of this company decided
to issue this stock on the basis of ONE SHARE FOR
EVERY TWO SHARES ON WHICH THE TWO
.CENTS BALANCE WAS PAID, and
WHEREAS, it appears to the Board of Directors
that it will be necessary tolose the books of the Com
pany on this two cent payment on the 1 5th of June,
1918, now therefore
BE IT RESOLVED, that this offer of bonus stock
to those who pay their balance of two cents per share
will be withdrawn at midnight, Monday, June 1 0th, and
after that date the Company reserves the right to refuse
any more payments of the two cents balance and to re
fuse to issue any more bonus stock.
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Company
does not in any way waive its right to collect from
holders of UNITED CHINO stock, who do not pay the
balance now, the balance of two cents per share as per
contract when we are producing oil in commercial
quantities, at which time no bonus stock will be issued.
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that this doe? not
in any way affect stockholders who have made an in
itial payment on the balance of two cents per share, on
or before June 10th, 1918.
BT IT FURTHER RESOLVED that a copy of
these resolutions be published in prominent display for
ten consecutive days in the newspapers throughout the
State of Arizona.
BOARD OF DIRECTORS, UNITED CHINO OIL &
REFINING COMPANY.
(Signed) Geo. N. MacBean, Secretary.
ATTEST:
i(Sigjicd) Geo. N. MacBean, Secretary.
(SEAL)
THE DOUGLAS ASSAY CO.
ASSAYERS CHEMISTS METALLURGISTS
AND ORE BUYERS
SPECIALTY RARE METALS AND ALKALIES
BOX 1031
1 103 a Ave. DOUGLAS, ARIZ.
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
AND HIGH CLASS CAFE
1 h brsi of every! hine at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 60c luncheon daily. Ako $1.00 dinner from
5:30 to 7:30 p. m. Regular Bord by the month, $4U;
$10 by the wreL.
Henry Poppen, Manager.
jw&lv-Aiiz na 1 T3 187
! Verde Combination 50 -62
! Miami Consolidated 05 -l'J
V.'p.rren Verde Sq.iaw . . . .50
I Nacozari Consolidated . . . -43
Verde Apex -06
i Porphyry 6') -70
, calumet & Jerome 1-12 118
! Feather River -15
! The youngest Red Cross member in
Cochise county was enrolled at Fort
i Huachuca last week, when Marian
1 Louise Peverly. born to Mr. and Mrs.
! John Peverly at the Fort was entered
upon the Red Cross membership lists
three hours after birth. The baby
! was born on Saturday, June 1. But
I the joy of her parents and their mny
j friends was of short duration, as she
I died June 3 at 8 p. ni. Uttle Marian
j was the youngest member of the Red
i Cross at Fort Huachuca. The men
jbers all extend heartfelt sympathy to
' the sorrowing parents In this sad houi THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JUNE 9, 191S.
nr-j XT-
THREE
News of Social Circles
Those present at the surgical dress
lng class at the Woman's Club on Mon
day with Mrs. Henry Poppen in charge
were Mesdames Wm. C. Todt. H. Aw
ard, Clinton Moon, Charles Baily, M.
C. High and Tregonning. Nine hun
dred compresses were made. The.
Adawana Camp Fire girls were also
present and Grade 90 of the Junior
high school. Irene Griffith, Jean Wat
ers. Ida Hutterman, Edith Hartley, Hel
en Okerstrom and Bertha Ojeda maae
1,000 compresses.
g jjj
The following women sewed for the
A. F. F. W. in the Garfield school
work room Thursday. Mesdames T.
K. Williams, Kellar. Hogan. Dally,
Blunt, Prather. C. E. Hatcher, David
Allen, Sowerbutts, McGeein. Bryan,
Wilson, Hays, Hughes, Russell, Cbas.
Hardin. Wartz. S. E. Wagner, John
Chain, Ross Griffith. B. W. Parnell.
Winstead, Williams, Cooper and Franr
zen. jg g jg
The Baptist Ladies Aid under the
auspices of the president. Mrs. M. I
Butler, meets every first Thursday in
the month to sew for the A. F. F. W.
at Garfield school. These are some of
the best workers of the district. They
made 100 slings with strings, wrapped
and tied away for shipping 5 suits of
pajamas, 5 comfort pillows, cut many
schedule each afternoon from 1 till 5:
Monday, Mrs. E. A. Crocker; Tuesday,
Mrs. J. G. Wilson: Wednesday, Mrs.
Robt. Fox; Thursday, Mrs. Roper;
Friday. Mrs. J. G. Wilson. Substitutes
Mrs. A. M. Col well, Mrs. Cert Smith,
Mrs. Dan MsAUister and Mrs. Henry
Hollis.
Mrs. George A. Bridee of Lowell has
given her large house and yard to tne
disposal of the children ot trie mothers
who will sew for the Red Cross in Lovr
ell. On Thursday Mrs. Wm. Todt will
be in charge from 1 until 4 p. m. Mrs.
land it is hoped that men from the vn- of the work of building, states that
rious camps will be able to come ro the sleeping porches will be ready for
I this party. occupancy the first of June. It will
j ! be very necessary that there be more
i The religious committee. Mrs. Bryan housing room as there are a number!
as chairman, held their regular montn- of young women teachers coming here ij
ly meeting Saturday to plan some spe- for the summer term. j
cial work in their department. (
The members of the Social Exten-
The membership committee has a sion Committee are discussing wnys!$
report of 1:1 new members. 22 renew- and means of helping towards thel
als and 22 junior members for the moral uplift of the community. They
month of May. They are hoping :o are earnestly asking the cooperation !
gradually increase the membership of the citizens who are anxious to as-i
WEEKLY NEWS LETTER YOUKG
MEN'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION
OF WARREN MINING DISTRICT
during the summer months, and in the slat in this work of caring for the girls
fall to put forth further efforts rn in our midst. Entertainment is to be
every campaign. offered to these uirls so that it will
be a help to them in after years. The
General Secretary A. B. Richardson class in swimming is free to all mem'
returned from Chicago Thursday bers-
morning. Mr. Richardson also visited
St. Louis and Kansas City where he
recently, as the new top floor of ITin nesdavs and Fridays, for the- mothers "' ,,""" ' 1 , '
building will be completed. The ladies to assist in Red Cross work. Mrs i.-T i, m
will make this occasion a "house warm Poppen has been a trained nurse so is
ing. Mr. McCartney who has charge 'well fitted for this sort of work.
The social and membership commit-i Y. W. C. A. is willing and glad to help
tees are planning a tea for July 11th; girls find amusement 'in all ways witn
and It is hoped that all members ot in their means.
t w k smith nf TnmWrm'o firv the association will come, partii ulariy Mrs. Henry Poppen will care for
v.ao nrroroH hup hnma frr iha cam-1 those who ha ve become members morn ' lit tie children at the Y. W. on Wed-
purpose in Bisbee. Mrs. Smith's
house is across from the Garfield
school. On Monday Mrs. Potter and
Mrs. Gill will be in charge. At the
Y. W. C. A. Mrs. Wm. Todt will take
care of any children who care to some
Mrs. Henry Poppen will give Wed
nesday and Friday towards the suc
cess of this splendid undertaking, from
1 until E.
28 5!
Forty couples enjoyed a very de
lightful party at the high school audi
torium Friday night in honor of the
members of the Alumni who are home
from school spending their vacations
in the Warren District. Parish's or
chestra rendered the music. A deli-
Likes Navy Fine
Says Phil Munch
$
$ Life in the T'nitcd Sate3 nava!
) training station at. San Pedro. Califor-
y nia. is not only enjoyable, but is about
as near livine as anv man could de
sire, according to Philip S. Munea.
Warren district resident for many
years, who recently enlisted and is
now in the California camp.
"As far a3 I have eone. I like It
fire," lie writes to Jay Wilmoth, of
Bisbee. "Going to bed by nine oVIock
The large service flag that was tak
en from the lobby some time aeo is
spent some time in search of a man to again in its place with one hundred
1 1 '.. 1 . C , 1 nm tii-Antv.f(vu . I A i t It ... 1 1 .tn... " -1 ...,!
mfilrfncr o t -. t 1 1 r.t twi himilra.l .1 I " - " J ' " ' - " "
twenty-five. Already other members !
of the association have enttred the
servire.
prospects are ill View.
Gns Caro of Caro & Co. is a new
member. Gns is a summer bachelor, j
I .iirs. . uro ami laimiy u-m; in i nicRSO i
II wise sum-1
It would be impossible to have a
getting used to it now. baying 1 en
c; I c : i. .. . . . v. .. . 1 ......
j cir uiiu -u nir is nui su u.iu vuu
might imagine.
"We have all kinds of music and
entertainment every evening. Last
night men from the Y. M. C. A. were
scraps of outing and gauze for ambu-1 cious Punch served throughout
lance pillows, the larger scraps of out
ing to be used for patch quilts. Ten
year eld Gladys Prather made 53 com
presses. Mrs. Dally has charge of the
making of an aviation coat which :s
being made from cast-off kid gloves.
Those who have any old 'kid gloves
might send them to Mrs. Prather at
her home or at the Garfield school, as
it takes a great many to make a coai.
!S fS ts
Mrs. John Chain has been highly
complimented by the workers head
quarters in France through Mrs. M.
E. M. Frantzen, state chairman, for
able manner in which the conduc:s
the wcrk rooms. The surgical sup
plies being np to standard in every re
spect and every work day a record
day. The finished work is sent to
New York and then overseas as soon
as it is ready. The Bisbee committee
of the A. F. F. W. just shipped for hos
pitals, 13 suits of pajamas, 2340 com
presses, 190 dressings, 125 flannel
bandages. 22 gauze metre. 3 eye ban
dages, 39 comforts, 31 picture books
made by the different school children
of the district, 9 girls petticoats, 4
cook aprons, 3 women's petticoats, 3
chemises and 15 tapis de proprete
(news paper pads).
S?
Mrs. Frantzen on behalf of head
quarters and the loCal committee of
the A. F. F. W. wishes to thank Mr.
John Chain for the use of his automo
bile in delivering finished work and
materials to shipping room in Central
school, and also for the benefit psr:y
given recently., To Mr. Ross GriffiUi
and all other men of the district who
have so generously contributed to the
entertainment and finances of the func by measurement, rather man by nu
thanks are extended. Their coopera- ber of stitches.
Of Interest to Women
When starting out on a shopping ,ly appropriate to he worn with more
tcur a little of everything is purchased, j elaborate evening dresses. Like a
after luncheon the shop girls know j breath from old Persia comes the tur
that beautiful things must be display-' ban. One is made from heavy cords
ed. Even though the news from the 'linked and tasseled with threads of
the evening. Many of the members
who have been attending college at
the U. of A., the Flagstaff Normal ana
other schools were there. Several ot
the young lady members will assume
positions in the Warren District
schools this summer, having complet
ed their pedagogical courses at the
various normals and colleges.
Thomas J. Finnerty, a mem per ot
the B. H. S. Alumni of the class or
1915. left Friday night lor El Paso
where he will take the preliminary
examinations for entrance to the naval
officers training camp in Chicago. Mr.
Finnerty has been attending the Uni
versity of Arizona for the past year
but could not resist the call of his
countrv to help make the world sate
I for dpmocracv.
JS tt
The latest report from our represen
tative in France states:
1. Mufflers would be even more ac
ceptable if knitted three (3) yards
long, instead of sixty-eight (68) inches
as given in A. R. C. 400.
2. Red Cross sweater is excellent.
3 Red Cross mittens are satisfac
tory.
The above may help you to answer
complaints on knitting.
Emphasize the following: All direc
tions as to yam, needles and lnc
measurements must be followed if re
sults are satisfactory. Gray and kha
ki are preferred, but other dark colors
are acceptable.
This division has found from experi
ence that because of the difference m
needle gauges and the variation in the
battle front is distressing one must
dress and have one's being as though
nothing had ever happened.
Bags! The latest is to have them
match the hats. They are made of
striped moire or quilted taffeta and
cost absurd sums when bought at the
shops but can be made v.ery much
cheaper. A bag of silk tricot that is
trimmed with straw is very appropri
ate with a summer gown. The most
Parisian thing is one cf pale gray silk
with f rinses and tassels of black silk.
Upon a model of black satin one finds
wheels of white silk cord laced with
ropes of black.
Sweaters
The days are now so warm that one
longs for the country nnd its atmos
phere of peacefulness. But the coun
try without the proper frocks is a
dreary place as any other place would
be. If women would only realize the
importance of looking their best at all
times. A game can be played just as
well in a pretty sweater as an ugly
one. There are some of the very
smartest made of chiffon, the most
feminine and yet appropriate things
imaginable. Of two tones, hydrangea
blue over cerise is an exquisite com
bination and upon the under shade
which is the cerise, are worked worst;
ed flowers of varied colors. Yarn be
longs to the soldiers so only enough
to embroider a few big roses may be
spared. How much prettier than the
everlastingly knitted sweaters that
one sees eternally.
It is a question of how to dress as
much as it is to have the clothes to
wear. At country clubs a great exhi
biticn is sometimes viewed. If a wom
an is not dressed frumpily she is very
often overdressed. The -really smart
grey. As the crowning note the top
of the turban is gray silk that is very
elaborately embroidered in old gold.
Encircle your head with gold brnid
and fashion your turban of malines in
puffs of harem style. A veil is worn
with tMs that is charming in its or
iginality. Beautifully carved pins and
combs are being worn. So brighten
up ycur heirlooms and shine forth to
be in the running.
mnr K-wl.olrv.-a lio 11 innLo liiu V hia I ! 1 i ! I"6l uiril Hum in
... . ... .. ..... ...... ,v. ... .' oruiLC lldR Willi mam iruiraruiiiiK . . . .
l,nmo ,lirinr the summer n.nnths writ '. .!, o., mw ,.f -V moh, 1 rtown h, re -"id gave a concert. Tner
iii e all his letters on stationery and
enjoying the showers and the swim
ming pool: a fine plare for all sum
mer bachelors.
J"., ,.1 ' ;;"liaJ a supreme judge with them ami
oiniiig the colors. The flag is placed . .. .. w ti-
in the lobby in honor of all men who BavealtPreS,iUg speech
Taylor McLean, our new swimming
instructor, is already getting results
teaching tiie boys to swim. Why not
get out of the old rut and learn to
swim this summer; rememlier that
swimming is a valuable accomplish
ment and that you never learn it by
waiting. In regard to particulars
ask the man at the desk.
have gone and who will go to light
for their country.
A new magazine rack has been
placed in the lobby making more room
have something of that character
about twice a week.
"They are shipping bunches out of
here quite often so I don't look to slay
here long and 1 hope when I am shlp-
for our many magazines. Several K " ' "as' coast.
new magazines have been added to' Munch left the Warren District
the list this vpar. and manv new mag-i about three weeks ago. joining tne
azine covers have been purchased ! "vy Prlor to the cal1 ' the las' draCt
and are now in use.
Suppose . two years ago, someone
! had proposed to clothe President
James McMillen. one of our old time : Wilson with the autocratic powers
members who left here about four j of the Overman bill. What would have
years since, returned today. Mac says become of him?
he has traveled over most of the V. S. '
since he left here, but found no place 1
like Bisbee and the Bisbee Y.
contingent.
Ought not the government gK-e
some symbol to discharged men? It
would distinguish them from slack
ers. They tried to serve the nation
and were sent home.
School Notes
Miss Hazelle Rowe has been absent
from her duties in the high school as
English teacher this week on account
of sickness.
Miss Irene Fitzgerald of the Horace
Mann junior high has been camping
with the junior high girls of Warren
at Miller Canyon. During the past
several weeks one teacher has been
detailed to camp with the girls who
are spending a week at Miller Canyon
to give instruction tn nature study,
English and composition. The girls'
camp is maintained by the Y. W. C. A.
and groups of twenty stay one week
each. In order that the girls may not
get behind in their school work, a
teacher is detailed to be with them
and give them instruction in their va
rious studies, but especially empha
sizing nature study.
On June 21, the spring term or
school will close and the summer term
will open July 1, after a week's vaca
tion. On June 21 the Horace Mann
junior high school w-ill be dedicated
with appropriate ceremonies. Dr. Von
Kleinsmid will make the address.
Mr. I. Colodnv, vocational director
C. E. Crew, representing the General
Securities Co. of Phoenix, is a new ar
rival in the district.
Mr. Crew expressed himself as much
pleased with the local Y and to show
the sincerity of his opinion took out ;
a membership the first day of his ar
rival. He intends to remain in Bisbee
during the summer looking after in
terests of the General Securities Co.
Baptist Gasser left for Los Angeles
on May 31. Ho will go to Santa Mon
ica thence to San Diego where he
hopes to join the navy.
The Y. M. C. A. was headquarters
last Wednesday for registering the
boys who became 21 years of age since
June 5th. 1917. The boys who regis
tered will soon be soldiers for Uncle
Sam and will help protect us and
make the "world safe for democracy."
The Body of
Our Paint
Is pure white lead. It la mixed with
turpentine or pure linseed oil ac
cording to whether it Is to be used
for in or outside work. There it no
grit in it; bo adulterants to make
its manufacture cheaper. Paint ex
perts always get their supplies
here. Wouldn't It be wise for you
to follow thi example.
Bisbee Lumber Company, inc
EM1L MARKS, MGR.
LOWELL CAR 8TOP.
PHONE S&.
The water is fine in the swimmini
pool these days and hundreds of men
and boys are taking advantage of the
cool plunge. There is also an oppor
tunity to learn to swim. The special
wcoi, ll is uesiraDie 10 lesi an yaiier-.a . . , , , imnle dressed
on tuiiorea lines, always wun a Dit or
embroidery, batiste, or lace to finish
cf Ari7ona under the Smith-HuEhes
wnmnn i nl A'nvd TintirAfl h thp nn-i Act vfeit the Rihep schtmls npxi !
propriater.ess of her costume, r,o when i week and will confer with Sitperin
tion has enabled the local committee Sweaters should measure twenty-
to do much more towards helping the three (23) inches in length and from
part of ITanee that has been allottee eighteen (18) to twenty (20) inches .-n
to the A. K. F. W. of America. For (width
the French and Beleian hospitals be
hind the line and the devastated dis
trict in Bleinencourt Aisne.
i ve ig
Les Jeune Club will meet with Mrs.
F. E. Williams, teacher monitor, at
her home in Tombstone Canyon Satur
day 3 p. m. All members are request-
j the neck in order that it may not be
I tco severe.
Veil.? and lots of them, for they are
Mufflers should measure eleven (II) SelIshtful in the grace that flutters in
inches in width and at least sixty-!11'1,1 lum3-
eight (6S) inches In length, noting the
oddest, most heavenly shades. And
desire from France to have them even hav iuares of lace inserted in
longer.
Wristlets should be twelve (12)
inches long, with an opening of two
(2) inches, having three (3) inches
ed to be present. There is business or sewed at the top, viz; seven (7) inches
vital interest to be discussed. Mrs. sewed up, two (2) inches open, three
Frantzen, s?ate chairman, will be n (3) inches sewed up.
attendance.
H
Old kid gloves, banners, table cov
ers, and all kinds of discarded kid can
be used for the lining of aviators
coats. Eighteen coats have been maae
to far in the Warren work rooms.
There are a freat many people who
have these worn articles in their pop-
session and would be very glad to dis
pose of them. Now the opportunity
has presented Itself; just leave theia
at the Warren work rooms.
. -
The Anona Club held a meeting
Tuesday night at the home of Mrs. M.
Lusa of Warren. Current topics were
discussed and sewing and knitting
made the evening a delightful one.
Those present were Misses Opal Core,
Elizabeth Stamper, Genevieve John,
Edith Kennedy. Evelyn Kennedy. Jo
sephine Clothier, Florence Bucket?.
Florence Chancy. Margaret Caretto,
Lucy Caretto, Mrs. C. W. Bosweil.
Miss Thompson, Mr. and Mrs. Brazil.
The next meeting will be at the hom
of Maud Brazil of Bisbee.
The ladies of Lincoln Parent Teach
ers association will serve refresh
nents at the Warren Park for the ben
efit of the Red Cross on Wednesday
evening.
The after school classes of Instru
mental music will give a recital on
Tuesday night. May 11. at 7:30 in the
high school gymnasium. There will
be about 50 entertainers upon the dif
ferent instruments such as mandolin,
guitar, violin and other Instruments ot
this sort. The recital is to show the
people how rapidly these pupils hate
advanced along these musical lines.
This is the first public recital and will
be free to the public.
a
The Parent-Teachers Association
had their last meeting Tuesday even
ing at the Lincoln school. A pleasing
program was given, the dancing pupils
of Miss Katheryn Hail being the
source of much enjoyment. Those
performing were Naomi Newman, Dol
ly Knowell and Francis Levain. The
Rev. White gave an address. The next
meeting will be held on September 1st.
iS
A number of women of the Warren
District have offered their services m
the capacity of devoting an afternoon
a week to the care of children whose
mothers wish to sew for the Red
Cross. The Warren Park has been
cnosen as ine must aesirnuie jii e cu
care for these children in Warren.
Socks should measure eleven (11)
inches from top of leg to division for
heel. Leg and foot should be four
(4) inches wide, and feet from ten ana
one half (10) to twelve (12) inches
long, with the larger number measur
ing eleven (11) and eleven and one-
half (11) inches.
Helmets Front and back piece
eight (8) inches wide by nine (9)
inches long. Ribbed piece six (6)
inches from plain part to face open
ing. Face opening at least one and
one-third (11-3) inches wide parallel
with ribbing. Do not bind off too tieat
ly. Ribbed part above opening two
and oneJialf (2) inches, plain part
on top three (3) inches.
"The attempt to standardize the
Red Cross knitting needles and so
avoid confusion which has previously
arisen because of the difference m
commercial sizes has not been under
stood. This is purely due to the fact
that the Red Cross needles are not on
hand in the various chapters, and peo
ple are trying to use commercial sizes
Nos. 1. 2 and 3 with disastrous results.
It was thought that the giving of the
circular to show the sizes would obvi
ate this difficulty, but apparently it
has not done bo. Number One. Red
Cross, is about Number Ten, steel;
Number Two. Red Cross, 1b about Num
ber Four amber; Number Three, Red
Cross, is about Number Six amber in
the average commercial sizes.
"People in general are using yarn
that is not heavy enough, as the direc
tions are based on a heavy grade. The
sock seems to be, giving the most
trouble, because women are observing
only the directions as to stitches ana
are not using tho heavy yarn and
larger needles.
Y. W. CA. Notes
The Silver Link club with Mrs.
Strailtor as guardian will leave for
Millers Canyon to enjoy the Y. W.
camp for the coming week.
tho center, which is most becoming.
Scmcstimes this lace is black and
sometimes white. But a veil is almost
indespensibla in this country. A little
veil that comes just below a prevoking
little nose and just above a cupid's
tendent Philbrook and Principal Sn;a
er in regard to the vocational worn
beins accomplished in the Bisbee
schools. The Bisbee schools havs
made application for funds to be ap
portioned under the Smith-Hughes
Act. This inspection must be made
by the state director before funds can
be apportioned.
A number of the children who gath
er at the several schools during even
ings have done more or loss damage
to the few trees nearby and to the
buildings. It has been suggested thai j
here is a place for the parents to co- J
operate with the teachers and caution
L. J. OVERLOOK, BROKER
Correspondents: Paine, Weber & Co, Boston, Ouluth, Calumet.
LOGAN & BRYAN, NEW YORK ANO CHICAGO.
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK.
ing c!d
bow lip one remembers the days of j the children about the care of public
chignons and little round hats. Then i property.
harem veils are the very newest
things. With a wide band of crepe
forming the bottom and a loose mesh
over the eyes, the mystery of the far
east is suggested.
Hats
Severe, smart shapes of rough glazed
straw in black marron or beige very
simply trimmed. Severe s these hats
are they are the very thing to wear
with the strictly tailored war-time cos
tume that is much in vogue at the
present time. A Georgette straw with
"Bob" Thomas, of the class of 191S,
of the Bisbee high school, enlisted in
the navy at the close of school, and
has been detailed to return to Bisbee
and act with the recruiting officer for
M;e navy. His training as second lieu
tenant with the high school cadets
stood him in good stead, as during the
short time "that he was in the bar
racks at 'Frisco he was detailed to
drill recruits.
Mias Laura Funkhouser, seconu j
grade teacher in the Greenway school, j
Has letl lor laramie, yoming, wnere
K ca vour skLi from trrcwii
MARINHLLO
Itftfaatastoas Ckacfcug Traahseats
fi'.pi.ca' ion liirhicns skin Lour or fiv h,
iti-no- trf d nrnw-M. Le:m skin ckri.r iruj
McDonald's Mari-
nello Shop, Tel 3C5
When You Think of Building
Think of
ON-HINES
LUMBER COMPANY
J. W. F. SMITH
Manager
Phone '88
I
1
Miss Bernice McCurdy, girls secre
tary, who has been in charge of the
Y. W. camp at Millers Canyon for the
past three weeks, will return for one
week in order to attend to affairs in
connection with her duties at the association.
At a meeting of the social commit
tee it was planned to entertain the
army men the evening of June 14tn
at the Y. W. C. A. The men look fo.-
WOMAN'S NERVES
MADE STRONG
- . tl n.j i "
m T iT-n . J; ,, T she will take a course in the summer
high in front has been a great sic-; university. Miss
do'ely reVembles suede such Ji Solomon, who has been teaching at
. V.i!I Lf.f ;,f rJ -i.hl Gleason the past year, will substitute
color of the Georgette, trimmed with , ilni.hoilspr.. n,ape
cream colored uncurled ostrich Dlumes in Wls9 nK"userB pIace.
The shapes possess an elusive some-)
thing which is almost impossible to !
describe. A hat of bright rose taffeta j
pins a rose to the front of the ovalj
crown and ties about it a narrow black I
volvot rihhnn wTiirh ia knotted cure-i
lessly in the back, the ends trailing
upon the brim. Another is made of J
very fi!3 straw the color of ripe corn, jgy Lyiha E inkham S
with daisies, ears of wheat, poppies Vegetable Compound.
and other small field vegetaDies. A
model of marron tulle has a crown
which resembles in shape the bee
hives of old fashioned picture books.
This crown is formed of white cords
covered with marron tulle, and the
moderately broad brim of transparent
tulle is finished with beige quille curv
ed edge-wise about the irim, to the
edge of which they are fastened by a
tulle covered cord..
A small Hamar turban of black
straw is adorned with a veil of black
lace and tulle, which falls Madonna
wise about the face. This veil takes
the place or the tulle which for the
last year has been swathed about hats
of all sorts. Subtly becoming as the
tulle scarf was the second wearing si-
ways reduced it to a draggled rag. so
that it had to be replaced almost aany
Winona, I! inn. " I sufTered for more
than a ysar iron nervousness, and was
i I. i
so ocu x couia not
rest at night
would lie awake and
get so nervoua I
would have to Ret
uandwulk around
and in the morning
would bo oil tired
out. I raij about
Lydla E. l inkhiim'B
Vegetable Com
pound and thought
1 would try it. My
net vou3!ies3 soon
left ma. I sleen
well and feci fine in the mcrning and
able to do my work. I frbc!!y recom-mc--
Lydia E. Pinkham'3 Vegetable
Compound to make weak nerves
The new veil is much more practical I strong." Mrs. Albert Sultzs, 6j3
If not quite so alluring. Olmstead St. Winona, Jlmn.
a - hot r M!..v inii.. How often da we hear the expression
clre woven with white straw the result among women, "1 at.i so nervous. I can- I
being a checked effect that Is very JVV"
, . V,. j i i,j f kioi- vol should fiy." Sush women should profit
chic A bd,nn ' by Mrg. 'sdtze's experience and give
vet ribbon encircles the cron and is J- rnot ' i h()rh ,.,.,:
:l!SWit!
I. ' v .'. ' 1 1
i
9
Gas Fired Water Heater
For Attaching
to Yow
Range Boiler
Provides abundant supply ofi
hot water at reasonable cost.
Call at our store and ask for
demonstration, or make re
quest for representative to call
upon you.
; j i ...
! 1 i '
J ; ' if
i t,
mi i
brought down and knotted on the brim
in the back.
A grrat many years have come and
gone since hair ornaments have been
worn. But history seems to repeat it- ments. inflammation, ulceration, irn c
self and is suggesting to the fashion; uarjt;c3. p0rio!ic nains. backache, diz-
world that charming hair ornaments zjness, and nervous prostration of i
are making their appearance, bonie ' women, end is now considered tuu slao
this famous root and herb remedy,
Lydia E. i'inkhaia'd Vegetable Com
pound, a trial.
For forty years it has been overcom
ing sucli ttiioua conditions a.H displace-
Bisbee Improvement Co.
The following is the Red Cross nursery ward with pleasure to these affairs of them are very extreme pnd are en- tar.l re;-.v.ly for such ailments. FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW. SUNDAY MORNING, JUNE 9, 1918.
UN
AM
AV
yrP 7 v v o
V T-wvY - Z'''' " -" - X"
Help the Nation and the Boy in the Trenches
ly Ordering Your Winter Supply of Coal NOW
Aid the Railroads in rushing supplies to the seaboard by placing
your coal order now, while shipments can be made without delay.
Don't wait until cold weather is here, for then dealers will be
swamped with orders. Prices will never be lower than they are now.
So help Uncle Sam and your pocket book at the same time by acting NOW. Local
dealers haue plenty of coal at the present time, but it is difficult to figure how many
additionaUlons will be shipped to the Warren District this winter. .. . .'.
The fuel admininistrator at Washington and the administrators of every Staete urge you to
"shop early" for coal if you do,you'll help keep war-time industries going at full "tilt" in winter
over the year.
The undersigned coal dealers can take care
of you place your order with them now with their GUARANTEE
of early delivery fair price, thorough satisfaction.
Rnvintr rnal nnw isn't hnnrAmo" it ishplnina"
j . . 5 i O
helping to spread the load of coal distribution evenly and properly
i
Bisbee Transfer, Storage & Coal Co. Phone 640
IMependentFudi& Feedp., Phone235 -
Do your share to banish the possibilities of
"heatless days." Don't run your coal bin on a "hand to mouth"
basis. Don't wait for a "cold snap" when there's a rush that may
leave you in the lurch.
- Brophy Carriage Co., Phone 284
Lowell Coal & Wood Yard, Phone 630 SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JUNE 9, 1918.
Star Spangled Banner
May Be Recognized as
U. S. National Anthem
WASHINGTON, June 4. After near
ly a century and a half of delay the
United States seems about to acquire
a national anthem.
"The Star Spangled Banner" would
be adopted as the officially recognized
hymn of the republic under a resolu
tion by Representative McFadden of
Pennsylvania, now pending in the
House. Little, if any, opposition is.
expected.
Army and navy regulations long
have designated the "Star Spangled
Banner" as the official anthem and
provide that officers and men shall
stand at attention while it is being
played or sung, but the country at
large has been left to its own tastes
in tbe matter of selecting an appro
priate hymn for patriotic occasions.
Thus the "Star Spangled Banner" has
been widely accepted by the Ameri-i
can public as the representative hymn I
of the nation and patriotic societies
for many years have been agitating
for its official adoption.
Every land has a national anthem
identified inseparably with its life.
The sonorous strains of the Marsail-
Doodle." although suue through all
the nation's wars, is thought too light,
and in the South, at least, is unfor
tunately believed to carry a note
sectionalism.
The majestic "Battle Hymn of the
Republic," musicians claim, falls short
of the standard, while "The Red
White and Blue," "Rally Round the
Flag," and others also are said to be
unsuitable.. "Dixie," although carry'
ing a powerful emotional appeal
acknowledged to be peculiarly the
song of the South.
The music of the "Star Spangled
Banner" has been adversely criticised
because its wide range makes its
singing difficult for the average
crowd. Yet, its appeal has increased
through a century to the point where
it would be difficult to displace it in
the affections of the American people
The words, written under the stress
of strong patriotic emotion, .express
sentiments that are the bulwark ot
the nation's pride.
Key, just before he wrote the
"Star Spangled Banner," had been ap-
laise breathe the indomitable spirit, ' pointed an emmissary from the town
th achievements and asnirations of I of Marlborough in Maryland to the
France. While going down in vessels, ! British commander to procure the re
England's sons have sung "God Save ! lease of a captured Marlborough phy-
the Kine" or "Rule Brittania." and "'.cian. mis missiou was successiui.
even the iron hand of Germany in
Belgium has been unable to silence
the melody of "trabanconne." Italians
sing Garibaldi's hymn while the Irish
and Scotch have a veritable treasure
trove of stirring war songs.
Attempts to find a suitable national
out Key was detained a few days un
til the enemy could launch the attack
on Baltimore. From the deck of the
British vessel, he watched shot and
shell rain on the ramparts of Fort
McHenry through the day and nfght.
and in the poem he expresses bis e la-
air for the United States have not tion when he saw the nag sun waving
heen few. Hundreds. nerhaDS thou- at dawn.
sands, of melodies have been written
in an effort to meet the demand. Yet,
the inspired lines written by Francis
Scott Key, while as a prisoner on
board a British frigate, he watched
the unsuccessful bombardment of
An effective musical vehicle for the
poem was found In the jovial old Brit-
is.'! song, "Anacreon in Heaven," the
authorship of which is in controversy.
Dr. Samuel Arnold, popularly is be
lieved to have composed "Anacreon
Fort McHenry, near Baltimore, in ' and the resolution now berore con
1814, are widely regarded as nearer gress provides that the music as writ
than anv other to meetine the aDDeal. ten by him shall be used. Anacreon,
"Amprifji" hK nowerfnl hold on to whom the song was inscribed, has
the people of this country, but it is ' been characterized as one of Greece's
considered by many unsuitable for of-. most brilliant, but bibulous Lyric
ficial recognition because its melody poets. His statue, erected in Athens
is identical w ith that of England's . after his death, represented him in a
"God Save the King." "Yankee state ot vinous Hilarity.
LEGISLATIVE GOSSIP
(Social to The Review) . JS240.70 "as said Thomas E. Campbe I
It is understood that the adminls- -a certify has been actually expeno
tration forces rather have been expect-1 ed b? lni and not paid by any other
ing a new attack-this time in the wa, for Mm. and l? case T."0?11
of impeachment proceedings, thougn -thereof shall have been paid for h.m
no one can be found willing to ac-ib' other person or persons, for sucn
knowledge that any such idaa has ba4 Picn thereof as the said Thomas E.
crystalization. Test votes taken lately , Campbell shall certify to the State Au
in the House, such as that on the rec-!d"or having been returned by him
ommendation that Governor Hunt re-1 to such contributing person or per
pay Tom Campbell for the time melons. It . remembered
latter spent in the governor's office, the main objection to the bill In tbe
indicate that the administration hasn t House was that Campbell s costs maln
exactly a strangle hold on the popular been paid by others than him-
chamber-being materially weaker, elf- This bill provides for that con
than at the last session. It isn't a mat-! Uugency and for the payment of the
ter of partisan politics, for the RepuD- j costs of both Campbell and Hunt, In-
licans are too few in number and
there doesn't appear to be any admix
ture of jealousy between partisans of
any of the numerous Democratic can
didates for governor. At the bottom
of the trouble appears to be the gov
ernor's pre-trial in his message of the
Bisbee cases. Impeachment could be
bad only at the request of a majority
of the members present at a House
session. It could succeed only in the
event of being sustained by two-thirds
of the legal strength of the Senate, in
which, -of members who might help
along, Getchell is ill in Chicago and
Hall will be in the army after Satur
day. This would appear to leave the
solid administration seven an effective
cidentally, the governor is understood
to favor this or any other bill that will
carry out the spirit of his recommen
dation on the subject to the legislature
House as far as the engrossing com
mittee, with general approval of the
main Idea. It cuts out all necessity
for nominating petitions. All that the
prospective candidate needs to do is
to file his declaration and "run" witn
a clear field before him. According
to Goodwin, petition carriers had mucn
better be hoeing cotton. Other mem
bers told, possibly after painful ex
perience, that it cost at least 10 cents
a name to fill up a petition and that
anybody would sign anything.
A number of the House members
are agitating a motion to adjourn sine
die tomorrow. They don't even want
to wait a week in their home going.
It is not the beat, for most of the mem
bers are standing it very well indeed,
save possibly the speaker, who falls
not to refer frequently to the piney
ozone of the Yavapai hills. There
seems to be an idea that nothing good
is coming out of the session.
i
The dairy interests of tbe Salt River
valley have had a hearing before the
agricultural committees of both hous
es, in joint session, and, led by Lina
ley H. Orme and Frank Stewart of
Phoenix the dairymen have pleaded
for the passage of their bill that gives
supervision over the creameries,
which, they claim, pay what and when
they please for the milk and have tlteir
own private standards for testing.
There is a strong inclination to turn
the whole matter over to the new
Council of Defense.
NAMES OF THOSE
WHO REGISTERED
LAST WEDNESDAY
Two Hundred . and Eighteen
Young Men, Who Will
Now Be Examined for Serv
ice in United States Army
Senator Sutter has discovered the
Minnesota law against sabotage ana
has introduced it as a substitute for
has own measure in tbe senate, it
starts with punishment set at from
five to twenty-five years. The crime
shall .constitute any advocation ot
methods of terrorism as a means oi
accomplishing industrial or political
ends, by mouth or in print or teaching
doctrine of the sort or justify any
such resort to force or becoming
member or voluntarily assembling
with any society or assemblage of per
sons formed to advocate such doc
trines of crime, sabotage, violence or
other unlawful means of terrorism.
Such assemblage may be of two or
more persons. Persons who rent or
permit such assemblages in quarters
owned, leased or occupied by them
selves shall be guilty of a misdemean
or. This being considered an emer
gency, tbe act is to take effect at
once.
Consideration of the bill for a state
orphanage by the House developed an
attack on the present Children's Home
at Tucson. This was led by Mrs. Goa-
dard. president of the Harmony Club
of Phoenix, an organization said to
have membership of 20. She was as
sisted by Mrs. I. Colodny, wife of state
supervisor of vocational training, for
merly a resident of Tucson. Evidence
was presented to the effect that tbe
conditions at the home were the worst
possible, that the beds were dirty ana
block in the upper house to anything the mattresses rotten in the center.
that might adversely affect the execu- Strong rebuttal testimony was given
live. Again, it is very doubtful if the ' by Rev. E. D. Raley of Phoenix, state
bare majority could be found in the superintendent of the Children's Home
House, for, as a prominent Democrat work, who rather questioned the keeu
put it, "An attack on a Democrat is interest of the Harmony Club by show
very likely to be considered an attack Ing that it had given the Home only
on the Democratic party." Then, as-; $35 in the past three years, while sub-
surances continue to come from those
close to the governor to the effect that
not for a minute has he reconsidered
his determination to not ask for an
other nomination to the office he holas
There is a fear the party would "De
split up the back" by any actively hos
tile movement and, in view of the
many leKislators who are out for ot
fice this fall, there might be lound dif
ficulty in the House in securing
enough strength "to boll the cat."
In Tom Campbell's absence the mt-
ter of salary and costs restitution has
scrintions from the Warren District
and Douglas Women's clubs in the
same time had exceeded J400 each.
Mr. Raley gave warm praise to tbe as
sistance extended the Home by the
women of Tucson and of the state gen
erally and summed up the testimony
of the offensive as generally of the
"given-to-understand" variety. The
discussion and the addresses took up
about the whole of a very sultry after
noon, Willi the fans stopped that the
speakers might better be heard. There
were many amendments to the original
been taken into the legislature again.! bill, which had provided $10,000 for a
Senator Wilkinson has offered a ne--Site, $40,000 for a building and $la.0oo
bill, carrving an appropriation of $ir, tor the first years maintenance, rin
861.73. Of this sum. $3617.03 is for ' almost in desperation, the House
salary, the balance to defray costs ot washed its hands in passing a bill for
thP rnntPKt Knit This halniw-P amnniir , selection of a commission of three
Is arrived at by simply doubling the
Hunt costs of $4122.33, for which tne
Supreme Court ordered judgment
against Campbell. The latter's court
costs, not including attorneys or wit
ness expense, were even greater than
Hunt's, but it is felt that there will he
full safety in estimating them the
members, that should look deeply into
the subject, investigate possible loca
tions, etc., and make report to the
next legislature, its total expense lim
ited to $800.
It's going to be easy to be a candi
date in Arizona if final approval is giv-
samc. It is stipulated in the bill, ho- en a bill that strikes out about all of
ever, that the auditor shall certify, to , the section on nominations in the pri
the payment of only that part of tlic'mary election law. It has passed the
All Traces of Scrofula
Cleansed from the Blood
Impurities Promptly Wiped
Out.
If there is nny trace of Scrofula, or
other impurities in your blood, you
cannot enjoy the full physical devel
opment that a healthy body is ca
pable of until your blood has been
thoroughly cleansed and purified of
all traces of impure matter.
S. S. S., the wonderful old purely
vegetable blood remedy, has no equal
for removing the last trace of Scrof
ula and other blood taints, and there
is no case that it does not promptly
reach. S. S. S. will thoroughly cleansa
and remove every disease germ that
infests the blood and jrive you new
life and vigor. It is sold by all druff
pists and you should pet a bottle and
beein it3 use to-day. Write a com
plete history of your case, and yon
an obtain expert medical advice free
by addressing Medical Director, 30
Swift Laboratory, Atlanta, Ga,
The Americanization bill is back In
the legislature again, on the basis oi
an amended bill that Dears senator
Whipple's name. It cuts out some or
the features of the other measure, ano
provides for an appropriation of $5U,
000 a year, with $6000 added for pur
poses of administration. Tbe national
administration has advised the gover
nor that such a measure is considered
most necessary as a war measure and
there is expectation that additional
funds will be provided by the govern
ment. The State Board of Education
will administter the funds and super
vise the work which, naturally, will
fall under direction of the state super
intendent of public instruction. About
fifty school districts are expected to
be beneficiaries, on the Basis of con
tributing quartters and 10 per cent of
the cost, the pupils, brought in by
compulsion, beine iliterates and foreign-language
aliens between the ages
of 16 and 21, they to have at least six
hours of schooling a week. Teachers
may have especial Instruction at stare
cost in this work, which Is expected
to be taken up by the present teaching
corps.
The Churches
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE
Infomal Christian Science meetings
are held in Warren every Sunday in
the Warren Company building, corner
Arizona and Tener avenues. The meet
ing today will be held at 11 a. m. Sub
ject: "God. the Only Cause and Crea
tor." All are most welcome.
PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH
Sunday school, 9:45 a. m. Morning
worship. 11 a. m. Sermon topic. 'Tne
Man with tbe Measuring Line." In
the evening at 8 o'clock Children's
Day exercises will be held, followed by
a lecture, ilustrated with many sterop
ticon sides, on the subject. "The Chil
dren of Many I-ands at their Sports
and Games." Everybody is invited.
Allan Krichbaum. pastor.
FIRST BAPTIST CHURCH
Sunday school, 9:43 a, ra. Morning
service, 11 o'clock. Theme: "The
Christian's Watchword." Divine serv
ices in City park at 5 p. m. Junior
and senior B. V. P. L'.. 6:45 p. m.
Group No. 2 will lead. Evening serv
ice, 7:45 p. m. Theme: "The Madness
of Sin." Prayer meeting, Wednesday
7:45 p. m. You are invited to join
us in these services. H. C. Compton,
pastor.
ST. JOHN'S EPISCOPAL CHURCH
Sunday school, 9:45 a. in. Morning
prayer and address, 11a. m. Wednes
day, choir practice, 7 p. m. Jacob M.
White, rector.
Rev. A. J. Irwin will conduct re
ligious services in Don Luis, Sunday,
June 9, at 11 a. ni. and in Warren
at 8 p. ni. A cordial invitation is ex
tended to all to attend thee services.
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE SOCIETY
'hristian Science society of Bisbee
holds services every Sunday morning
at 11:15 o'clock In the Woman's club
building on Quality hill. Wednesday
evening testimony meeting at 7:45.
The public is welcome and invited to
attend. Subject for Sunday, June 9.
"God. The Only Cause and Creator."
FIRST METHODIST CHURCH
Sunday school. 9:45 a. in. Kegulur
Fervices, 11 a. in. and 7:30 p. ni., by
Rev. A. W. Adkinson, mission super
intendent. Communion after morning
service. Epvvonn league. t:;i" p. m..
Mis Humphrey, leader. The quarter
ly conference will hold a short sessi in
followng the evening services. Charles
W. Harshman, pa6tor.
Tbe following list, issued by the
local board for Cochise county, con
tains the names of all the young men
who have become 21 years of age
sinee the registration of ast year:
Harold W. Gribble. Benson.
Ira Robert Beecroft, Douglas.
Robert Mares Cummins, Douglas.
Se'h Johnson, Douglas.
Elmer Lawrence Burnett, Douglas.
Samuel Franklyn Dubs, Jr., Douglas.
Leon Heard Thompson, Douglas.
Lewig Alexander Brown. Douglas.
Allen Richard Ridley, Douglas.
Franklin Arthur Wheeer, Douglas.
Jerry Edward Hauff. Doueas.
Bowman Crowley Stephens, Doug
las. Dwight Babcock. Douglas.
Paul Glnsburg, Chicago, 111.
David Forrest Taylor, Douglas.
Wingred W. Lockhart, Douglas.
Walter Taylor Hayniore. Douglaj.
Alta Haynes Roberts, Douglas.
Victor Gonpales Blake, Douglas.
Wm. Frederick Higgins, Dougas.
Douglas Wilson. Douglas.
Lloyd John Stevenson, Douglas.
Joe Redfield Hanson, Douglas.
David Edward Miler, Douglas.
Harold Fletcher Shepard, Douglas.
Harry Dave Bunting, Douglas.
Harry John Althaus, Warren.
Herbert Ernest Locke, Douglas.
William Bryan Betty, Douglas.
Charles Golding. Douglas.
Fdwin Morris Browder. Douglas.
Harry L. Mitchell, Douglas.
Otto John Bauman, Douglas.
Joe Lamed, Douglas.
John Ernest Kynest, Douglas.
Geo. Myer Gray, Douglas.
Albert Catalina, Douglas.
Frank Hunter Gwaltney, Douglas.
Harold Dunbar McCalmont. Doug
las.
Joe B. Bull, Rodeo. X. M.
Eddie Weher, Apache.
Clsrence Earl Marshall, Douglas.
Vivian Peikert, Bisbee.
John Vincent Lee, Paradise.
Peter Webster Eldridge, Apache.
Frank Ostering Wright, Rhodes,
New Mexico.
Wh. Jennings Reed, Paradise.
Charles Justice Gardner, McNeal.
Clarence Vernon Marshall, Douglas.
Geo. Z. Rogers, Douglas.
Albert Al Sperry, Douglas.
Ritchie Wm. Jones, Douglas.
Tony Saem. Douglas.
Granville D. Brunimett, Apache.
Wm. John Martins, Ackley. Iowa. ;
Fortunato B. Padilla, El Paso, Tex. i
Arthur Franklin Gardner, Douglas.!
Glenn Carr Hartley, Douglas.
Walter Freeman, Douglas.
Harroll Winsby Butler, Douglas.
Lloyd Laxon. St. David.
Alva Barnts, Douglas.
Francisco I'adia. Benson
Chester James Jenkins, McNeal.
Rcllin Buir Chambers, Tombstone.
Jose F. Q'ntuiz, Benson.
Jack Crews, Tombstone.
Columbus P. Giragi. Tombstone.
Franklyn C-. II. Key, Tombstone.
Elbert Tnu'stou Jones, Tombstone
John Frank Kreis, Gleeson.
Arthur Edw. Abbott, Gleeson.
Wm. Albert Conley, Douglas.
Enrique Collazo Caneva, Cananea.-j
Sonora, Mexico.
Steve Bertoglio, Tombstone.
Frank Lopez, Benson. I
Hardie Robinett, Bisbee.
Harry King, Bisbee.
Watt Bryant. Lowell.
Jack Lee Thompson, Bisbee.
Frank Grav l.audrum, Bisbee.
nurfrinn W Fnrlllsn. I .O well. 1
Flovd Cody, Lowell.
Daniel Thompson, Bisbee.
Claud Nard. Bisbta
Lawrence A. holmes. Bisbee.
Bart Danvenport. Lowell.
Eryl Lillard, Bisbee.
Ci.rlos Chausz, Don Luis.
Jack Landers Fenton, Bisbee.
Mae Thomas Greece, Bisbee.
Frank Zazier Suttey, Bisbee.
Geo. Homer Graham. Bisbee.
Dewitt Hudson, Bisbee.
Steen I Parker, Bisbee.
Henry Allen Shearer, Bisbee.
Geo. Wieland. Bisbee.
Geo. Curtis Halloway, Bisbee.
Geo. W. Gillaspy, Bisbee.
Parker LeRoy Woodman, Jr., Bis
bee.
L. Wlllard Whitt. Bisbee.
Hobart Harper, Lowell.
Wm. Enben Wood, Lowell.
Frank E. Fox. Bisbee.
Thomas L. Caculter, Lowell.
Antonio Pineda, Bisbee.
Lee Cecil Wheeler, Lowell.
Clarence G. Stetson, Loucll.
Pan Keating, Bisbee.
John Siv?rt. Bisbee.
Romera Boca, Bisbee.
Henry Perkinen, Lowell.
Sain Medin, Bisbee.
Yale S. . Robinero. Bisbes.
Thos. James Savice, Bisbee.
Tony Melles, Bisbee.
Joe Ducich. l,owell.
Michael Mirka. Lowell.
Umis Javanovich. Bisbee.
Marion P. Jack. Pearce.
John W. Koski. McNeal.
Albert Devote, Bisbee.
Tom P. Ros3, Jr., Bisbee.
Edward P. Nicholson, Hisbee.
Ignacio Sains, Lowell.
Howard Hall. Bisbee.
Herchel Boren. Bisbee.
Jonn Watscn Murray, Bisl.ee.
Paul RatclilT. Hereford.
l-.cwHrd A. Tininiont. ilisbee.
Paul Garcia de Alva. I(isb-e
Geo. Willi? Pierce, itisbc.
Cindy D';an. Itisbe;
Dean Win. Thompson. Don Liu.
Homer Floy I Guyer. P.i.'lii-r.
Slc!-T !ui tlt, Bish. ..
i'l.rschcl l.lstoli. ti-b ).
Edw. iavid Kicliar'i-. Hertfor'.
UuidcU Phillips Bull. VUbw.
Hiriin Frederick Grant, Lowell.
Geo. Rows, Lowell.
Alfred E. Nichils. B"i,soii
Paul Joyce. Hereford.
Wm. Byr.m Hinter. Bisbee
Francis Cocklut:. Bisbee.
Stanley R. Wright. Bisbee.
Harold A. Fay. Bisbee.
Ebben Ixiuis McMillan, Bisbee.
Seth Gurnsey Johnson, Lowell.
Thos. Jackson Fennerty, Don Luis.
Daniel Albert Lee, Bisbee.
Calgy Edw. Tate, Bisbee.
Denton Gray, Warren.
Alois Joseph Hesse, Bisbee.
James Maddern. Bisbee.
Glover Bryan Quails, Lowell.
Arthur H. Brietzke, Dutton, Mont.
Geo. B. Powell. Bisbee.
Charles Penn Hussey, Lowell.
Jos. Dunkerson, Lowell.
Wm. Fred Watson, Lowell.
Howard Hampston, Bisbee
' Gurnes Henry Simmons, Bisbee.
Bert Pletcher. Bisbee.
Thos. Conger, Bisbee.
Charles Hill. Bisbee.
Carl Garrison, San Simon.
Adolph Siek. Ft. Huachuca.
Wm. Jennings Doyle, Bisbee.
Alfred B. Jones, Bisbee.
Joseph Fred Horn, Bisbee.
Jake F. Dutzi, Bisbee.
Geo. Carl Holtane, Douglas.
Photis Geo. Statboulls, Douglas.
John A. Janijune, Lowell.
Wong Kim Jung. Tombstone.
Gilbert E. Valenzuela, Tombstone.
Rafael Farela, Douglas.
Carlos Lasos, Douglas.
Ignacio Rios, Douglas.
Fredeberto Jopez, Jr., Douglas.
Garces Hermosa,' Douglas.
Inocente Molino, Douglas.
Pedro Antillon, Jr.. Tucson.
Laueano Lazaro Moreno, Douglas.
Luis Ortiz, Douglas.
Jose Perez, Douglas.
Frank Martin Meehan, Bisbee.
Michael John Ferrick, Bisbee.
Fernando Del Rincon, Bisbee.
Carlos Rosalino, Bisbee.
Rafael Valdez, Bisbee.
Edwardo Rivera. Bisbee.
Gr. R. Diaz, Bisbee.
Faustino Carabes, Bisbee.
Santiago Juarez, Hisbee.
Manuel Gartan. Bisbee.
Patrick Harrington, Bisbee.
Paul B. Romero, Bisbee.
Manuel M. Gonzales, EI Paso, Tex.
James Arthur Walker, Dragoon.
John George Cox, Willcox.
Wesley Onier Nicholson, Dos Ca
bezas. Jesse Edw. Curtis, Bowie.
5eore Dean. San Simon.
Sam Alfred McLaughlin, Willcox.
Edward Lee Roach. Willcox.
O'B-ies a. Angle Bowie.
Willis Gardner, Douglas.
Huy T. Gobble. Wilicox.
Flimen Elvin Rice, Servoss.
Merlyn Oscar Ream. San Simon.
James Beaumont Craig, Willeoz.
William J. Hutchinson, Bowie.
1 ewis G. Adling. Willcox.
Yee Hong, Willcox.
AIRPLANE "CIRCUS"
FIXED FACTOR FOR
ORGANIZED ATTACKS
LONDON (Correspondence of The
Associated Press) The airplane "cir
cus," which was introduced by the
Germans two years ago. has taken a
notable part in the fighting on the
western front recently. The use of
the word "circus" in this connection
has now become recognized among
Doin British and French aviators. It
indicates virtually a specialty organ
ized troop of picked pilots whose jobs
are simply to destroy enemy airplanes.
inese circuses are complete units.
equipped with their own transport me
chanical shops, and all necessary ac
cessories. Wherever there is fiEhtine
to be done, the circuses move quickly
to the danger point. If a big attack
is to be made by either side, the rival
circuses are moved to aerodromes in
that district, and each endeavors to
prevent the other's reconnaissance
machines from operating. Tbe circus
performs, in fact, precisely the func
tions of destroyer flotillas in the navy
The first circus was formed by Cap
tain Boelke, one of the early German
air pilots. He collected a number of
picked pilots, including the Richtho
fens. Voss, and Schaefer. of whom
the two latter have been killed within
a year.
On the British side, the reply came
in a squadron organized by Major
Hawker, which the Germans called
the "Anti-Richtnofen Circus." L'ltt-
mately Hawker fell in a fight with
Kicnthoren.
During the lighting or the past few
weeks several circuses of picked pilots
have been in action on both sides.
They have reduced fighting in forma
tion to a fine art, each pilot manoeuv
ering as one of a team and refusing
to be drawn away from the formation
into single-banded fights.
KOB
THE PLACE
The egg settings have been in
creased from 15 to 20 eggs as a war
measure but it will require a wide
hen.
OPTHALMOLOGY
is the highest order of optic. No
drug, jewelry, department store, or
peddlers are opthalmologists, they
are opticians or optometrists. The
first is a seller of glasses, and the
second is only a legal term, or one
skilled in the use of optometer.
If you have nerve troubles oc any
kind, do you think you can have
your system adjusted - like you
would a watch.
Cross eyes straightened by my
system with glasses. Toric shaped
and colored lenses are given by ocu
list, optician or optometrist, be
cause they are ignorant of the phys
ical laws relating to optics, or they
need the-money. I have permanent
offices in Bisbee.
DR. RICHARD GLAZE
OPTH ALMOLOGIST
UPPER MAIN ST. PHONE 153
EXCEPTIONAL
S'H O E
OFFERING
235 Pairs of Men's Oxfords,
dress and work shoes,
valued at $5.50 to 6.50
a pair, ONE WEEK
ONLY.
sale price:
EY'
OPP. EAGLE theater
Just received a large shipment of the famous Good
rich white rubber mining shoe; height, 7 and 9 inches
Price $5.00 and $5.50
We will take care of your
Liberty Loan Bonds or
Baby Bonds without charge
- r-JDend lorn
in. Los Angeles
Sr.-
mi
4 . u
Combine Business Wil'i Pleasure
Yon ffrt nn:e o. .
FI(H'i AlrvuntlrU ht iu i
ju.tt tn, r!(M ks fr m i
1'iu liic Kin tru 1ih.: i: .
ttirounhout Southern Ca.i.
to t:nunt'iir: anl ha l
IJ m m.tke th
.iti at! v 1M tttei,
t"i rmi.al H" tlie
w lira i t'nl
. ;u.iy a. essiMo
v. u
faSS; IICCEEE k ti tl Es?SS
' . tt - - 1 i i -- l
li r .! tv
T I J r Two thousand ;' youI uu:.aouUo ruad3
t wij rciu a out in every Uiic
j la linp nitb tbe T'.?' riotU . rrnmrnt Sntlac
C-W-Wji flnN, wf tiatc niaur ijis.aal!i rtiuriivii km r
77 rr?--' hoirl turift
1
m
700 Comfortable Boora
130 Rooms, Toilet and Lavatory
130 Rooms with Bath .....
100 Rooms with Bath
100 Rooms with Bath
100 Rooms with Baih En Suite.
12.00
2.30
3.00
4.00
Special Kates by the Week or Month
Low Summer Kites Are
Now in E rftec t at
Hotel Alexandria
Our H.)ti rifcister show rvor- yenr many
visitors from Arizona. Nw .Mxlo. N'-xaiU. Tvxhs.
C'olorndo, lmpirlal Vallry arul SoutV'rn California
points. Arranup to mrrt your frlr.Ua here. You
will nnj a torjsal welcome.
VWHp for attrnrtitr folilrr.
MnUr your rrMrrtalloaa M1.
Virimn (ioolvin. Vl -li . ami Managing Iirei lor
Alexandria Hotel Company
FIFTH AMI M'KIM. I .. LOS A.tLi;s, t .lLIK.
ft D -
News
sunren
MOTOR ASSOCIATION
SEEKS FEDERAL LAW
TO HANDLE TRAFFIC
WASHINGTON. D. C, June 8. Be
cause of the enormous increase of
motor truck transportation and pas
senger car travel on account of war
through the maintenance of schools
for this specific purpose.
Reference was made to the some
what astounding lack of official recog
nition of the true importance of trav-
!
Walker or California. H. J. Clark of
Minnesota, Clifford Ireland of Illinois.
Dr. John H. Quayle of Ohio, Dr. R. R.
Elmore of Kentucky, and Preston Btl
vin of Virginia. H. A. I:onnell of New
elahle roads at this time, and the War Jersey was elected treasurer for the
(Industries Board was earnestly called tenth consecutive time, while John X.
upon to place roads materials and ma- Brooks of Connecticut continues as
Ichinery on priority lists, and the Cap- secretary, and A. G. Batchelder of
ital Issues C ommittee was importuned Washington, D. C, as executive chair-iew York
to approve bond issues in connection man. I I'cston ...
with the construction of main arteries i Among the cluhs admitted to mem-j Cincinnati
Baseball Scores
NATIONAL LEAGUE
Chif a?o
of communication.
Other subjects considered also re
lated mostly to war matters, with high
hership were the Dallas. Kl Pao and j :jhi'lp!ihia
Cook County clubs from Texas; the j Pittsburgh
'meeting the country's transportation
conditions, the directors of the Ameri-1 ways improvement work repeatedly
can Automobile Association in the an-1 emphasized as an essential adjunct in
nual meeting held at Atlantic City,
N. J., decided to urge Congress to pass
a Federal Uniform Traffic law whicn
will harmonize
several states
ence to weight of leads, regis
Xorthville and Ovid clubs from Mich
igan; the Tulsa club from Oklahoma;
the Greenville club from South Caro
lina; the McComb County. Richard
needs and offering substantial relief j County, and Krie County clubs from
to rail lines. The employment of war 1 Ohio; the Corning and Cincinnatus
e the relation, oT the prisoners and interned enemy aliens; clubs from New York; and the Macon.
, nartiVulflrtv in refer! '" a particularly dwelt upon, Moultrie and Vienna clubs from
it of leads, registration" of ' " was the sense of the meeting that Georgia 'IZiVlLlr
vehicles and operators, and tniles-per ,
at the conclusion of the war there
hour limitations. A measure now be.wouI1 a pronounced demand for a
Ing drafted will be introduced in Con-'8y8tem f national highways to sup
gress, and undoubtedly will be referr-! Plement the state systems gradually
ed to the committees of the two;ucl,l& "
branches having to do with inter-state Motor vehicle thievery, which has
commerce. become an unmitigated evil, was thor-
In recognition or the acute govern- j oughly discussed and plans made to
mental need Tor skilled automobile op-; cooperate with both federal and etate
erators and mechanics, a resolution police officials in meeting" a situation
passed calls upon the motoring public j which has assumed widespread pro
generally to drive their own cars, as , portions.
far as practical, and to equip their ve-j David Jameson, of Pennsylvania,
hides with such necessary supplies, was elected to the presidency, sue
that they may reduce their emergency j ceeding Dr. H. M. Rowe or Maryland,
needs to a minimum, thereby cooperat- j Mr. Jameson is a well known figure,
Ing with the automobile trade in re-1 not only in his own state, but through
ducing night and Sunday service. out the country, because or his parti
Furthermore, the automobile clubs are ' cipation in good roads matters. The
asked to formulate plans and assist in j vice-presidential list is made up or
the training or motor mechanics Ralph W. Smith or Colorado, P. J.
showed the admission or thousands or
individual members from all parts of
the country,
FORD FARM TRACTOR
TO BE SHOWN HERE
BY EL PASO DEALER
M. i.oui .
r-ri-3kl n
Cliieaso
PI ilacjr lnhiu
Tyler r.nd Killilf-r
i
W L. Pet.
2:1 12 .707
29 14 .ur.l
P) 24 .j'.S
2.1 22 .511
IS 21 42S
....17 2:! .42.".
IS 25 .418
1 27 .312
R H
. .?xa ooo 'o?.o s o
. .ouu ooo ooo 2 1
! MILITARY SURGEON IS
: UNSUNG HERO OF WAR
SOMEWHERE IX FRANCE. April
24. (Correspondence cf the Assoriat-
ed Press One of the unhung heroos
Hogg and Burns.
man has been h;irder worked in the
trf inen'fc-'us fighting cf the past few
weeks, and his work has been in most ,
cases far from pleasant.
There is not the same romance :
for the medical man that there is for
the Infantry or artillery officer. It is ;
one thing to dash about under fire in-1
tent on killing or being killed: it is'
another thing to dash about under fire ,
nA ..! ..... ... ......
, .. , - . ,,..(, , rtiiv lane mtr nauit? riHHH wnil'J dimly i
...... ..., ...... .... - attending to those with wounds from
which all other men as they pass avert
their heads. "Thank God. I am not a
doctor." said an officer who had been
detailed to inspect a number of im
provised casualty clearing stations
Cincinnati 000 000 000
I!o..toii 000 000 lOx
BROOKLYN. X. Y., June 8
First gama:
R
Pittsburgh (M 120 ofP 7
Brooklyn 000 000 100 1
01
G
I F. Miller and Schmidt: Cheney,
iGnnor (Crimes nnd O. Mil'cr.
I Second game:
: Pittsburgh ..000 100 000 0001
II
3
Brooklyn ...000 000 OOt 0012 10
EL PASO, Texas. June 8. Henry j Harmon. Cooper, Sanders and Arcn-
rJ .. . ii,i , the ;er: caaore. i.rn:.is, i ouiiius uuu
Miller.
TheChampion
OF THE ROAD
Mm
'Tha Tyre to Tie To"
N BEAENDER
Tubes and Tires
Of QUALITY equal to every emergency. Every test to
which they have been put has emphasized the depend
able service and wear-resisting qualities built into
BRAENDER products..
WRITE, PHONE OR CALL FOR DESCRIPTIVE
CIRCULAR
HYDE & STRACK
Distributors
Phone 859 JOHNSON ADDITION Auto Supplies
STANDARD MAKES
NEW, CLEAN, FRESH STOCK
NOTE THESE PRICES:
Sizes
30x3
30x3y2
32x312
31x4
33x4
34x4
35x4 Vz
36x42
37x5
Plain
$ 9.90
$15.00
$17.00
$18.00
$25.00
$24.50
$33.70
$35.91
$40.50
Non-skid
'-$11.80
$16.25
$19.00
$19.90
$2400
$26.00
$37.65
$40.25
$48.55
Grey
$2.45
$3.00
$3.05
$3.50
$3.90
$4.00
$5.00
$5.15
$5.30
Tubes
Red
$2.70
$3.30
$3.40
$3.20
$4.30
$4.45
$5.50
$5.55
$5.75
ITS REAL ECONOMY BUYING TIRES AT
Douglas Cut Rate Tire Depot
DOUGLAS, ARIZ.
1182 G Ave.
Phone 295
NEW YORK, June 8.
First game:
R H
St. Louis 000 100 0001 7
New York 100 01 OOx S 10
in order to stimulate the Ssri- i
cultural production of the United ,
States, Is putting out several thousand
"Fordson" farm tractors throughout
the country at factory cost, direct to
farmers, according to J. W. Kirkpat-
!rick, who has just returned to El Paso
1 from Detroit, where he was appointed
distributor for the states of Texas.
I New Mexico and Arizona.
I Mr. Kirkpatrick has received as his
first allotments, carload shipments of
the tractor for Albuquerque, N. M.t
Phoenix, Arizona, El Pa3o, San An
tonio, Austin, Houston, Fort Worth,
Dallas, and Texarkana. Texas. These
are to be sent immediately and will
be -distributed in time to serve in the
production of this year's crop.
Mr. Ford is only following a prece
dent set In England and Canada. At
the request of the British government I Cleveland
he delivered the first 6,000 tractors tO;St. Louis 20
E
Per
Sherdell. Tuero and Gonzales
ritt and McCnrty.
Second game:
R II
St. Louis 000 200 000 024 11
New York ...000 200 000 002 10 3
Doak and Fnyder; Salle and Mccarty.
AMERICAN LEAGUE
Boston
Chicago . . .
New York
W
.28
the British government at cost, in or
der to assist in the agricultural pro
'duction of that county, and he follow
ed this by delivering to the Canadian
! government, at its request. He offer
ed to do the same in the United
States and his offer was received with
kindness by the United States agricul
tural department. He irf therefore
making his first distribution in the
United States.
! The Fordson tractor is a 40-horse-j
power machine, manufactured in a
new plant erected by Mr. Ford and Ron
at Dearborn, Mich. It starts on gaso
lene, but operates on kerosine and is
said to be most economical.
According to Mr. Kirkpatrick, the
British government and Canadian gov-
Jernments have given Mr. Ford some
very mgii uuicmi emiuistriucmn in uir
tractors and high praise for his patri
otism In allowing those governments
to take and distribute the first output
of his factory.
Mr. Kirkpatrick will leave El Paso
in the next few days on his distribu
tion tour and expects to put out the
first shipments of tractors where they
will do the most good in a community
In order to place them where they
can be of most service in stimulating
crop production, he will confer with
chambers of commerce, agricultural
agents and councils of defense in the
various localities to which carload
consignments have been assigned.
In the state of Michigan the War
Preparedness board has taken upon
itself the task of placing the 1000 trac
tors apportioned to that state, so val
uable does it consider the machine to
the farm industry of Michigrn.
U as..ineton 22
Philadelphia 17
Detroit 12
Pet
.COS
.f.4
.555
.521
.475.1
along the front during a recent attack.
The regimental surgeon in the Brit
ish army has in his charge the well
being of more than a thousand men.
j j When there is no fishting on, he has I
piemy 10 do. lie nas to striKe a nap
py medium in discouraging the faint
hearted, who come to him as a means
of obtaining a fortnight's rest, and in
holding out a helping hand to those
who are in real distress. If he is too
lenient, the commanding officer be-
gins to ask whether he intends to iie
plete the whole regiment; if he is too
harsh the junior officers and men j
lose patience. (
j The doctor is the only officer In the
regiment, however, who is the fortu
E nate possessor of a cart, but this leads
to numerous complications. There!
are some thirty-odd officers in the j
regiment, and each one of them has j
some few trifles which must go in '
that cart. If he is weak enough to I
take them, the cart is overloaded and I
before long breaks down and precious
medical stores have to be abandoned. '
If he refuses to take them, his posi-j
tion in the otticers mess becomes ;
well nigh unbearable.
Tha doctor doesn't ride, but "foot
slogs" it with his regiment through
I the same mud, the same wind and rain,
i .i . . . : l Ti:.
303
R H E
Philadelphia ..000 000 200 13 10 2
Chicago 001 000 010 02 6 2
Greii? and McAvoy;--Williams, Dan
forth and Schak.
J
Poston
Cleveland ..
Mays and
Thomas.
R
...Oio 000 0001
. . . 000 ?,00 OOx 3
Schang; Morton
R
Washington 110 010 0115 11 2
Detroit 000 100 0203 5 4
Harper and Picinich; Kalio, Cun
ningham and Yelle, Spencer.
BATTERIES TESTED
BY WILLARD EXPERTS
.4G8
not confined to caring for the ill and
injured. He must supervise the sani-
tation of camps and billets, ensure
the purity of drinking water, keen a!
lookout for outbreaks and epidemics, j
maintain a continuous campaign of
inoculations and vaccinations, and fill
out a long series of records and army
7 lithe lieht of his special knowledge to)
5 ii', maintain the health of his unit, and!
nnd any remissness on his part may lead
'to a serious diminution in its strength,
j In billets he has the added duty of
H E I playing the role of medical attendant
to the villagers, as all the French doc
tors in the country districts have gone.
R H E
New York 002 200 0004 10 0
St. Louis 000 100 0203 6 0
Thormahlen and Hannah
pert. Sothoron and Hale.
COAST LEAGUE.
w
Salt Lake 35
I -os Angeles 3S
Sncraniento ...29
Vernon , 32
San Francisco 31
Oakland 30
L
19
29
30
33
3t
36
Sheep fehenring rabout W!lIcox is
pbout over for the season. J. P. Cuni-
mings' clip wlU run approximately I
40.000 pounds. J. L. Hancock's clip I
will go 20.000 pounds and Archie Wil-j
Daven-i son's will ship at least 25.000 pounds
Te nrice is ?cod. running about xo
cents. At least $50,000 will be brought
into thiss ectlon from the proceeds of
this year's wool clip. Added to this
th sale of mutton will run about an-
Pcr-! other $50,000. The sheep industry in
.C4S
.568
.491
.490
.4fi2
.151
that vicinity Is
factor.
becoming a leadins
San Francisco, 3; Sa't Lake, 7.
Los Angeles. 6; Oakland, 1.
Sacramento, 3; Vernon, 4.
AMERICAN ASSN.
At Columbus, 0; St. Paul, 16.
At Indianapolis. 6; Kansas City, 1.
At Toledo. 0; Minneapolis. S.
At Louisville, 8; Milwaukee. 1.
SOUTHERN ASSN.
At Little Kock. 2; Memphis, 4
game was caled in 6th, rain.)
At New Orleans, 0; Mobile. 1.
At Chattanooga, 7: Atlanta, 5.
At Nashville, 5; Birmingham, 7.
(The
The motorist can put water in his
radiator, oil in his crank case and air
in his tires, but if he wants to keep
out of trouble he will draw the line
at putting acid in his battery. If he
finds it necessary to put something
into his battery he should content
himself by using distilled water only.
Adding acid to the solution in the oar
tery is just as much the job for on
expert as filling a tooth neither of
them should be done by the motorist
himself.
The liquid you see In the battery is ,
a solution of distilled water and sul
phuric acid. In the proper proportion
to enable the battery to perform its
functions. If acid is added by the car ,
owner himself the proportion of acid
is very apt to be too great and the
result is that the plates are destroyed.
Distilled water may be added to brin?
the solution one-half inch above the
tons of the plates without harm, but
this is the only thing that should be
put into a battery by anyone except
a battery expert.
If you will visit te Willard service
station at Lowell every two weeks
thev will be very glad to put in tho :
distilled water without charge. They
will, also, be glad to test the specific
gravity of the battery solution, to
ascertain if it is in a healthy working
condition.
MOTORISTS GET SERVICE
Scores of local motorists are tak
ing advantage of Mr. Main's offer to
test all automobile wheels for align
ment free of charge at the Lowell
Motor Company garage, and numerous
wheels have been found which wera
far from being In line. All kinds of
free service is given the motorist by
Mr. Main, Including fro air, water
Come and see
THE STAR 6,000 MILE GUARANTEE TIRE
A First Class tire at a First Class price
REPUBLIC
Factory Seconds
At 20 per cent off list price;
no guarantee. Take your
choice. And of course
GATES' HALF-SOLE TIRES
are better than ever. : : : :
Lowell Motor
Company
F. O. MAIN, Proprietor
Opposite Central Theater Lowell, Arizona
You Can Fool Yourself
But Not Your Battery
You may think you added enough distilled
water, and still be mistaken.
You may waste current and never realize it.
You may be using the headlights too much
and charging the battery too little.
But your battery writes the real story as it
goes along.
That's why you ought to stop today and have
a test made to see whether you have been
fooling yourself or not. And ask about the Still
Eetter Willard with Threaded Rubber Insulation.
This is the only battery with the "Bone Dry"
principle that is your absolute assurance of get
ting a battery as new as the day it left the factory.
LOHMAN & WRIGHT
Central Theatre Building - - Lowell
mwm
Hi HWPI'
I
r -1 a n
'-71. .' -
m
I m
Cuts! Gashes! Exposed
Fabric! Blow-outs!
Prodium Process Rubber
minimizes this trouble
Prodium Process Rubber (the new tread used
exclusively on Republic tires) is so tough that
even newly crushed rock or sharp stones
doesn't cut and. gash it.
It wears down as evenly and smoothly as a piece of fine
steel. After miles of service it looks lite new. It keeps
water away from the fabric, prevents rotting of the carcass
of the tire, and makes premature blow-outs practically a
thing of the past.
Got a sample scrip of Prodium Process Rubber. Try to
break it. it's the toughest, stongest tread stock ever used
on a tire.
REPUBLIC ?P.822?J TIRES
STA6GARD,PLAIN. AND WM TREADS
Made in th Slutuh Click Triad
Western Vulcanizing Shop
Jcfcnjcn AddiV.cn
SPECIAL PRICES
for a short time on
ITT
SAMSON
RES
The QualUy is liiere. The price is Riht.
- TRY OxNE
Welbourn and Dodds
Bisbee Phone 432. Jno. Addn. Phone 1SS
and the testing of brakes. SEVEN
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JUNE 9, 1918.
Advertisements
Advertisements
Male Help Wanted
WRITE TO "Y. M. C. A. Schools, Los
x Angeles," about Auto, Radio, Com
mercial and Engineering courses.
Traia for service. 268
LEARN actual auto repairing, book
keeping, shorthand, radio engineer
ing. Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation, Los Angeles. Catalog free.
230
Female Help Wanted
WANTED First class laundress one
dav each week. Phone 7 IS 108
WANTED Woman for
Box 151.
mixed work.
8S2
WANTED Maid for general house
. .. Apply phone 17. 750
.....iED Competent girl for gen
utl b iptework. Phone green 853.
684
WANTED Ten bright, capable ladies
to travel, demonstrate and sell well
known goods to established dealers.
$25.00 to $50.00 per week; railroad
fare paid; weekly advance for travel
ing expenses. Address at once,
Goodrich Drug Company. Dept. 131.
Omaha, Nebr. 364
Male and Female Help Wanted
GOVERNMENT NEEDS 20,000
CLERKS at Washington. Examina
tions everywhere in June. Experi
ence unnecessary. Men and women
desiring government positions write
for free particulars to J. C. Leonard,
(former Civil Service Examiner,)
1025 Kenois Bldg., Washington.
SS7
Positions Wanted
WANTED Position in lunch counter
or cigar store; experienced. Ad
dress J. Review. 65 .'
WANTED To do housework; also
good cook. Box 3194, Lowell. 60
WANTED POSITION By experienced j
nurse. Phone blue 707.
YOUNG MAN having considerable
spare time, would like work of some
kind in the evening. Can operate
( any make car. Exempt from draft.
Bisbee, box 2202. 40
For Sale
FOR SALE Furniture of 18 rooms;
house for rent. Broadway Rooming
House, Brewery Gulch. 8
FOR SALE A calf one week old, for
sale. Jiggerville 76. 61
FOR SALE: Work horse.
Bisbee.
Box 2169
63
FOR SALE 4-room house; large cel
lar; chicken house; fruit trees. Cash
or terms. Box 689, Warren. 67
FOR SALE Two player pianos. $300
and $550. Easy payments. W.
Muir. 72
GOOD PIANO for sale; party leaving
town. Inquire at Independent Fuel
and Feed Co., Upper Main St. 78
FOR SALE Durham Jersey; conic
fresh. Joe Rivera, 229 High Road.
38
FOR SALE AND RENT
For Sale One 3-room, furnished house,
Tombstone Canyon.
On 7-room, paniy iurnisnea !
house. Tombstone canyon.
Fur Rent Terrace Rooming House, O. !
K. street. I
Twoofifce rooms, Medigo-FOR
vich Building. Howell Ave. j
C. H. HOGAN REAL ESTATE
Below Copper Queen Hotel
lo
FOR SALE OR
Phone 261.
RENT Restaurant
LARGEST STOCK of used automo
bile parts in the state of Arizona. W. i
C. Corey, P. O. box i. Douglas, Am.,
177 16th St. Phone 820. 999
OR SALE 7-room house and cabin;
completely furnished. Upper Low
ell. 50 Main St. 39
FOR SALE 4-room house and large
lot. with some fruit trees; a bargain
if taken at once. 25 Sim Addition,
Upper Tombstone canyon. 37
PETEY DINK Now Mabel
JmcotJ-
Makiuc Piuch-
. - ''V
i;J
I
i . . ....
'.' S L!j
DAILY REVIEW WANT ADS
under this head at the rate of 1 cent per word each issue, with a minimum charge of 25 cents
Must reach The Review office not later than 8 p. m. for insertion in next morning s paper.
For Sale
FOR SALE Cabbage plants; lots 25 I FOR RENT Two furnished house
to lot), delivered in Lowell or His-! keeping rooms, $13. Across from EI
bee. Warren Ranch. JGI I Paso House, phone 548. 35
FOR SALE litis Liberty Six; run lea.
than a thousand miles; a bargain
Fred Keogh, Auto Upholstery and
Taint Shop. Lowell. ioj
FOR SALE Span large, young mules
F. W. Donnelley, at Warren School.
Box 874, Warren. 967
FOR SALE House; five rooms and
bath; completely furnished; lot 135
by 4o; fenced. A bargain to quick
buyer. 1 block below new scnool.
Warren. Mrs. Miller. 96tf
CLOSING OUT SALE Going out of
business; Sale Open June 6th, 191s.
We want to close out in side of 40
days. Please call in and see us.
New and Second Hand Furniture.
Chris Heikkinen Furniture Store
Johnson Add. 2
FOR SALE Furniture five housekeep
ing suites and furniture sleeping
rooms; rooms full. Star rooming
House, opposite City Park. 1
FOR SALE Six room house, partly
iurnisnea. upper ixweu. nogan
Seed. 935
FOR SALE Ford touring car; cheap
Call or phone blue 588. . 621
FOR SALE Fresh Jersey milk cow.
Apply Joe Diaz, behind Brophy Gar
age, Lowell. 912
FOR SALE: Ford Touring car.
Roy
95i
Benz, Newberry's Barbershop.
FOR SALE 3-room house and furn
iture. South Bisbee. Chicken house;
yard all fenced. Price, $450.00 cash.
Will trade for automobile. Apply to
M. C. High. 55
FOR SALE Large 4-room house; with
glass porch; cement walk around
house. 41 O. K. street. 746
FOR SALE Belgian Hares, Newzea-
land reds, does and small rabbits.
C. E. Lrullard, Naco Road. 642
FOR SALE Speedometer; mounted
on wood board. Complete for FORD
CAR. Brand new; never been used.
Particulars,' address box 98, Warren
or phone 722. 110
FOR SALE 15 rooms; also piar.o;
price reasonable. Must sell at once,
on easy payments. Apply Mrs. D.
Schrellor, Miners Hotel. 11.")
FOR SALE Piaoo; almost new. A
real bargain. Phone black 709, G.
O. Rhodes. 86
j
SEED Choice, re-cleaned, dwarf Milo I
maize, also.elean chicken feed. Call I -
at the Bisbee Mill, back of Tomb- ;
stone Canyon fire house, for Inspec
tion and prices.
FOR SALE 4-room house and cabin;
completely furnished. Van Dyke St.,
Warren. C. A. Brandt. 83
FOR SALE 3 room house; with
screen porch. John Horan, Jones
Hill. 84
FOR SALE
W. Muir.
-Piano, $150.
Easy terms.
.85
FOR SALE 7-rocm bungalow; corner
lot; front rooms hardwood floora;
built-in features; electric light fix
tures; gas range; garage. Price,
$2000.00 cash. Apply E. Grebe.
Tombstone. Arizona. 100
FOR SALE OR RENT One 4-room
house; furnished; close in. Apply
at Copper Queen Dispensary. lo4
For Rent
RENT 5-room house; nicely
turnished. 59-B O. K. Street. 74
FOU RENT One 3-room house; newly
i papered. Apply f.t the upper Van
j dcrwalker hou:.o ia Moon Can von.
57
FOR RENT Housekeeping rooms;
summer rates. Two to six rooms.
56 Upper Lowell, across from depot.
59
FOR RENT Two rooms. 30 Johnson
Avenue, JohnsoD Addition. 62
FOR RENT 4-room, furnished house.
r M II,.rn VT X'.. 1.1 I IT.-II .r.
. . .... .."in. oi i uuuguunni inn. ui i
I
FOR RENT 2-ronm anil 4-rnnm fiirn. I
Ished houses. 37 Nevada avenue,
Johnson Addition. Call after 4:30.
68
Can Arrest Him for Assault
Label's
Swell.
- - v' - 'f' - fV?l'
Z cj At j
- u f J-rt'-
For Rent
i
i 'OR RENT 5-room house and bath;
close in.
Address K, care Review.
27
FOR RENT 4 room house; four roonib
new furniture tor sale. 63 Star Ave..
Tombstone canyon. 11
FOR RENT Store room, with lar;e
basement. New I. O. O. F. building
Apply Trustee E. A. Watkins, Secy.,
box 635. 12
FOR RENT Two furnished rooms for
housekeeping. No children. 218
High Road. Anna Murphy. 941
FOR RENT Terrace Rooming House,
O. K. St. Apply C. H. Hogan, be
low Copper Queen Hotel. 931
FOR RENT Two housekeeping
rooms. Broadway Rooming House,
Brewery Gulch. 929
FOR RENT Clean, cozy, two and
three-room apartments. Also single
rooms. Three doors south of church
house. South Bisbee. 931
FOR RENT 5-room furnished house.
Call at Ed. Harris. 36 Laundry Hill
or phone red 647. 952
FOR RENT Modern garage on paved
road in Warren, $5 per month. Tel
ephone 836 or 383. 1913
FOR RENT Two rooms; furnished
for housekeeping, to permanent ten
nant. 51 Jiggerville. No children.
854
FOR RENT Five room house; com
pletely furnished. No. 69, Mason
Hill 36
FOR RENT Two nicely furnished
housekeeping rooms; back of Hen
derson Lumber yard. Brewery Gulch.
FOR RENT 4-room house; nicely
furnished; convenient to car lin-?,
Warren. Call green 350. 87
FOR RENT One 3-room, modern,
partly furnished house. No children.
208 Blackknob view. Warren. 97
FOR RENT 3-rooms; well furnished.
' Rent $15, 102 Highroad. J. Brow.
102
FOR RENT Two story building, with
lari;e basement, suitable for whole
sale bouse or storage and warehouse
business. In center of Bisbee busi
ness district. Rent reasonable. Ap
ply bisbee Daily Review. 542
FOR RENT Housekeeping rooms;
three minutes from postoffice. oi
School Hill. 76
FOR RENT
Two
furnished house
:0 Upper Lowell.
77
keeping rooms. 1:
FOR RENT Unfurnished three-room
house. 89 School Hill, in front of
Methodist church. 80
Furnished Rooms
FOR RENT Bisbee Hotel, Furnished
rooms with running water. 352
MOOSE HOTEL Furnished
$2.00 per week and up.
rooms
377
FOR RENT Two furnished
216 Tombstone Canyon.
rooms.
75
FOR RENT Four furnished rooms.
Kelly House. Jones Hill. 985
!FOR RENT Two nicely furnished
rooms. No. 12 Juggerville. 925
FOR KENT Nicely furnished room
in Warren; close in. Apply Warren
Drug Co. 98
FOR RENT Three cool,
rooms. 4 Quality Hill.
furnished
32 i
FOR RENT Two furnished rooms. 31
Montana St., Johnson Add. 114
rOK RENT Two cool, furnished
rooms, with large screen porch. No
small children. 101 Higgins Hill.
99
Agents
AMERICA AND THE GREAT WAIL
Greatest seller in years. Every
American wants it. Lavishly illus
trated. Low price. We will pay you
$225.00 to distribute it. Sample free.
International Press, Philadelphia.
82
REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS
and Battery.
VOjS STAWOIVlf, ow J 4 g$Q
1Te: cogHg r J k
Wanted
WANTED Auto passage to Los Ange
les, by lady, 2u2 Naco Road. 66
WANTED To rent a furnished or un
furnished room by a single man;
close to the C. & A. office, Warre-.i.
Address box 816, Warren, stating
rent asked. ll'i
WANTED Six roomers and boarders,
59-B O. K. Street. 73
j WANTED To buy bed
complete.
Phone 156.
54
dresser, smaii gas rauge.
WANTED Sewing by the day.
825. Mrs. McQuade.
Call
988
WANTED To
with garage.
Bisbee.
rent furnished house
No children. Box 1946,
930
OLD CLOTHES bought. Phone
739.
5S5
Lost
LOST Registered top off of radiator
to Jcffery car. Reward. Leave at
Review office. 105
; with
64
LOST One pair nose glasses
chain. Return to Review.
STRAYED From ranch on May 1
from Mrs. John Clinton. Hereford, j acn WOuld knot up in great ridges and
One bay mare branded $--3; honbled j tne pain wa3 perfectly awful. Noth
when last seen. Any information lng i WOuld eat agreed with me. I had
win De giaaiy received. rucnara
Gillette, Cananea, care C. C. C. C.
Smelter, Cananea, or Warren llancn.
box 8S9, city.
962
Found
FOUND Two War Sa vines Stamns:
owner may have same by calling at
Review. 33
Money to Loan
SMALL quick loans on your personal
noto to salaried men and women, al-
so on furniture. Cox Loan Co. Room
. i i rr U..n ji i n
, L)T1C I UVmi V UUUUlUg. XOO
Miscellaneous
MADAME J. REA KEYS, St. Regis ho- iS UP & I f"nu mv stomach was
tel. Lowell, Ariz. Phone 62. Clair-: beginning to digest my food. W hen I
voyant and crystal reader. Dead ; finished my first bottle that tired feel
trance spirit medium, born with a , iS had left me. I felt stronger and
double veil, without asking questions ' could walk without my logs giving out
gives you dates, facts and figures. ; Well, when I first began on Tanlac I
and will read your entire life. 535 weighed 130 pounds. I now weigh 14.-.
. ;
COLORED HAND LAUNDRY Who ,
does washing, ironing and darns '
men's finthoc Phn hiaok sv :ti
.
RAMSEY CANYON Big Dance, June
15, 1918. Good music and good time:
assured. Everybody invited.
Political
Announcements
FOR SHERIFF
I hereby announce myself as a can
didate -or the nomination for the office
of Sheriff of Cochise county, subject !
tn fin u-.tl Af tha vnAia o .Via i.inm I
cratic primary to be held on Septem
ber 10, 1918.
C. E. CROSS.
FOR TREASURER
I hereoy announce myself as a can-:
didate for the nomination for the of- j
fice of Treasurer of Cochise county,
subject to the will of the voters at the
democratic primary to be held on
September 10, 1918.
GUY C. WET.CII.
FOR CLERK, SUPERIOR COURT
I hereby announce myself as a can
didate for the nomination for the of
fice of Clerk, Superior Court of Co
chise county, subject to the will of the
voters at the democratic primary to be
held on September 10. 1918.
J. E. JAMES.
Richard Glaze, Oph. D.N.D.
Practice Limited to Eye and Nerve
Disorders.
Phone 156. Office and residence
first house west of Masonic Temple,
Main Street, Bisbee, Arizona.
Glasses fitted by the latest methods.
JOHN G. WILSON
Contractor
and Builder
ESTIMATES FURNISHED ON
ALL CLASSES OF BUILINGS
SEE ME LAST Phone Green 782
Woo oocvcTe: kwov
TfHT
ApdfCT
vmituouT
tVI DEVICE
T5eew "BREAKIHO-
1HE LAW
'it J'AttA'J ,
W. R. WATSON SAYS
HE HAS SUFFERED
FOR TWENTY YEARS
Takes Tanlac and Now Feels
Like New Man; Gains
Fifteen Pounds.
1 am just now on my third bottle
of Tanlac, and have actually gained
tifteeu pounds," was the remarkable
I statement mane by W. it. Watson in
1 un inlprvipu' rrpnllv :f Ina rt.iwL'm .
- - - ..... - - - 1
4J8 West Fifty Soutn street, Salt lako
City, Utah. Mr. Watson, who was a
railroad man tor a long time, has tor
the past two years been employed by
tne city in the bridge department.
"For twenty years, that is, until I
began taking Tanlac," continued Mr.
Watson, "I suffered more than I can
tell from gas and pains in my stm:-
' ach. These attacks wouid come quick
and sharp, and in ten minutes I woulc
' e compelled to give up whatever I i
!was do'n8- r I've vears 1 suiiered I
I tne greatest
agony. About tifteen
I years ago my condition became so sen-
! ous that I had to have an operation.
' and after this 1 seemed to get oct-
ter, but in about a year the pains re- j
i lurneu just us uau us cricri. .w sium-
i no appetite, and all my food would
j gour an make gas and misery for mo.
I ly nerves were so shattered that I
could hardly sleep at all. many a day I
could not go to my work at all. My
color was bad and my strength was j
cetting away from me rapidiy. I fell i
of(r some fifty pounds in weight, and
nobody will ever know how I suffered
because I can only partially describe
I it.
I "But my relief has come at last.
InanKS lO lailiuc. I saw mien: il
1 was proving oi sucn neneiu 10 peopie
nere, ana as i nau ineu eieiimnn
else withoiJt getting any results I con-
t . . .1 .1 A Vint- it iinn 11 Ait frW iha
VlUUfU IU bcc wua. ii. ..-,
and wondonui is me oniy wuru wiai
expresses it After taking about half I
n flmn Hncoa in v am f itp IiPr:i n nick- I
an aciuu gain oi imeeu pouinio aim
I " beginning to feel like a brand new
man. My nerves are greatly improved
and I sleep netior eery nigni. i noi-
ice that my kidneys and bladder are
more regular and natural, too end so ;
I have gotten good results all over. I j
lam fully convinced by what those two
nouies nave uoiie lur iiic inai iu ui
three more will put me in good health
as I never was in my life. Im simply
feeling altogether different m every
way. and I can t praise Tanlac too
highly for the good it has done me.
Ball, in Douglas by Douglas Drug Co., i
in Paradise by G. A. Walker, fn Bowie
' Bo'ie, DtutS.,re S n f "i-'.'l'? '
J- D- yooke, In illcox by A. A. NichnI- ;
II
in Lowell by Lowell Drug Co., in
Benson l y C. F. Moss Pharmacy, and
in Gleeson by B. A. Taylor. Adv
HENNESSY
Undertaking Parlors
PHONE 15. O K ST.
BISBEE TRANSFER,
STORAGE & COAL CO.
Warehouse & Office Opposite Depot
PHONES 640 and 50.
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Solicits Your
Patronage
PHONE 58
GOLDEN HOTEL
Every room with running water
and outside windows.
Rates by tho day, week or
month.
VKM 10U CAwT
AuNoue Os
Some.
MAT ME 5
'V!. t
5 , ti ,(
wm
LODGE NOTICES
Cards of every fraternal order in the Warren District; giving the essential
fai ts of each, their meeting nights. th?ir officers and the place of gather
ing will be found under their respective headings in these columns.
CALEDONIAN SOCIETY
meets first and third Thursdays of
each moiitli in Methodist i : all. School
Hill. Natives and demandants of
Scotland cordially invited.
TIIOS. MUAT,
President, box 136.
M. MAINLAND,
Secretary.
BISBEE LODGE. NO. 718.
i n n m
v v. i.
! Meets every Friday nignt. Moose Hall
Visiting brothers cordially invited.
I k. It. GLEASON, Director.
I WAV nriCQ CitMtar.
- I . A W U JJ- Ul.l J -
I
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA.
DREAON AUGHT.
L. O. L- NO. 210.
meets In L O.
O. F. Hall first'
and third
MONDAY at
7:30 p. m.
Visiting broth
era cordially
Invited to at
tend. ym
T. SMITHAN. W. M.
ROBERT FERGUS, Secretary
P. O. Box 426, BUbee.
BROTHERHOOD OF AMERICAN
YEOMAN
Richard I, Homestead 895, meets
i second and fourth Tuesday at Odd
Follows hall, v islting Archers are
.-uiauy m.iiec.
AIRS. C C. F1NLAYSON, Foreman
P. G. Box 152 6.
E. D. STINSON, Correspondent.
Box 149G.
i
j BISBEE LODGE, NO,
i
10, I. O. O. F
meets e v e r
W LDNESDA1
eveninir at odd
, xp- ss Fellows' Hall,
i.m street, at o'clock. Visitir,
orothers coruially Invited to aueuu.
' . . . ...
i linn pOOQO IIJ.
Ii. R. TAYLOR, N. G.
CAUL V. NELSON. Secretary.
PYTHIAN S.STER3
Lily Temple No. 3 aieets every 2nd
and 4th iliarsday evening of each
month at Odd Feiiows Hull Visiting
bisters are cordially invited.
AHNN1E BLUM, M. K C.
Phone Black 851.
IDA GLAZE, M. of K. C.
Box 1475
Irvine surthiUM tdUKi
IN TllK CULNTV OK COCHISK.
staiE OK RlZOW
ju ijatter 0(
tne
Estate and
AND ROY
GuaruiuMf n.p of ANNA
iujtTUS' M.uors
, uu re;a',g' and fiiingthe petition of
;:ilrs. u. K lorK nte iiUbubark, tne
!guarulau o lne perstma aml eata:e ot
Anua and Koy ylonoa jimors, pray.
' ,or ar oruer Jt 8a,e o certam
estate belonging to said wards for the
purposes ttiore.n &et turth;
.... Ivl ... ,li;,,t.n Tha.
next of km of the said wards ana
al, persons jUlerestt;a iu the said es-
j late, appear Uetore this Court on Sat-
unlay, the 15th aiy of June, 1918, at
Jl0:uu o'clock A. M., at the Court Room
of thia Court, at the City of Tomb
bluue, in tbo said County of Cochise,
then and there to show cause why an
order should not be granted for the
bale of euch estate.
AND THIS IS TO FURTHER OR
DER, That a copy of this order be pub
lished at least three (3) successive
, weeks Lcloi e the said day of hearing
' iu the Bisbee Daily Review, a news
paper printed and published in said
' County of Cochise.
Dated May 4, 1918.
ALFRED C. LOCKWOOD,
Judge of the Superior Court.
HERBtK r GRIBBLE PHONE 691
INDEPENDENT
Contractor and Builder
Estimates and Plans Furnished
Wm. McDOUGALL
OPPOSITE LINCOLN SCHOOL
PHONE GREEN 728
i
! M
MPT
I r, ..w -. X
. IHA so -v.
MELL. CO miCHT ) ($
lj '
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED AMERI
CAN MECHANICS.
Meets la
Med!goric
Hall every
Tuesday
fiVH night Visiting brothers
LJWjJxJ welcome.
S. F. BENTON, Councillor.
J. L. BENTON, Recording Secretary.
KNIGHT8 OF PYTHIAS.
niuiDooa ixxige no. iut
Kfaighta of Pythias,
meets each Thursday
(except second) In Odd
Fellows' Hall at 7:3
p. m. Visiting brother
cordially invited.
LEON H. RICE. C C-
FARL SOBLEY, K. of R.
4mm
LODGE NO. 671.
Regular meeting first and third Fri
day of each month Visiting brothers
cordially invited to attend.
JAS. ALLISON, Exalted Ruler.
R. J. KELLY. Secretary.
KNIGHTS AND LADIES OF SECURI
TY, BISBEE COUNCIL NO. 2115.
Meets every second and fourth Sat
urdays in the month at L O. O. F.
Hail, 7:30 p. to. Visiting members are
cordialiy Invited.
ARNOLD SCHMID, President.
P. O. Box 34S3. LowelL Aria.
FREDERICK J. ATTAWAY.
Secretary, Lowell.
E. LINDQCIST. Financial Secretary.
P. O. Box 3246, LowelL
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD.
Lowell Camp No. 46 win
meet every Wednesday
at 7:30, Brophy NaU.
F. C. SAXBY, C. C;
O. a THOMAS, ClerK.
All Woodmen invited.
ORDER OF EASTERN STAR.
meets in Masonic 111'.
Pearl Chapter, No. S, meets
in Masonic Hall second ana
fourth Tuesday of ecj
month at 7:30 p. m.
MRd. EMMA WOODS, W. M.
Phone 161. Box 43, Bisbee.
MRS. JESSIE BEVAN, Sec'y. P. a
Box 2299, Chairman Relief Com..
Phone 1G1.
FRATERNAL ORDER OF EAGLES.
Bisbee Aerie, No. 175. F. O. E meet
rirst and third TUESDAYS. 8 p. in.
Eagle. HalL Visitors cordially wet
come. - J. F. 'WILMOTH, Presldent.
F. C. FENDERSON, Secretary.
C. L. EDMONDSON. Aerie Physic.aa
FRATERNAL
BROTHERHOOD
T. F. 8.
. - i
E Bisbee Lodge No.
" i n . . . .
meets uits xu
and 3rd Mondays
of each month at
7:30 at Medigo
rich HalL Visit
ing members cordially invited.
B. F. MOSS. President
MRS. C. E. FINOTTL Treasurer.
Box 722. Tel. 236, Red.
HONORA MUNCH. Secretary.
Vox 1621.
-MOuERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA.
Bisbee Camp No. 13415.
Meets first Tuesday at
Odd Fellows' Ha.
R. L. MOTZ. ConsuL
IL F. MATH EWSON,
Clerk.
WEEK ENDING JUNE 15. 131
Moi:da
Tuesday
Wednesday 1st Degree.
Thursday Chapter Reg.
W. W. CIDLEY. W. M.
j B. T. WATKINS. Secy. F. & A. M.
I S. W. TOLAND. E. II. P.
C. F. PHILBROOK, T. L M.
F. E. BENNETT. E. C
F. S. DAVENPORT. Secretary Chap
ter and Commandery.
W. R. BANKS, Secretary CounclL
By C A. VOIGHT
i 'am
.'I ii i: r
EIGHT
THE EISBEE DAILY REVIEW. SUNDAY MORNING, JUNE 9, 1918.
U. S. Food Administration License Number G-13942
3
It
Starting Another Week of Big Value-Giving in Women's Summer
Coats, Suits and Dresses at One-Fourth Off the Regular Prices
Every New Style Creation, Every Shade and Every Fashionable Material Is Represented
Here are some of the best values in women's and misses' coats, suits and dresses that we have had the good fortune to
offer at this season of the year. Every garmert can boast of up-tc-the-minute style, the most popular-cf fabrics, striking and be
coming colors and quality that is unsurpassed for garments at these prices.
All the popular shades of the season are included in the lot, and the styles you will find are the best this year.
Ju
The Most Stylish Summer j
Suits for Women, One-Fourth Off j
Low as may be the price of these suits, the selection, j
nevertheless, embraces models whose character and mak
ing would at the present market prices of material cost
almost twice these figures. They are in all the best sum
mer styles and shades; the materials are all wool serges,
wool poplin, delki, poriet twill, silvertone, velour, tricotine,
wool jersey, Fisher-Kennedy tweed, taffeta silk, faille silk,
Roshanara crepe, silk poplin, satin and crepe de chine.
Make your selection now, while the range is complete.
$18.50 Suit, Special $13.95
$26.50 Suit, Special $19.95
$32.50 Suit, Special $24.00
$35.00 Suit, Special $26.25
$40.00 Suit, Special $29.95
$43.50 Suit, Special $32.75
$46.50 Suit, Special $34.75
$52.00 Suit, Special $39.00
$59.00 Suit, Special $44.25
$63.00 Suit, Special $47.75
$69.50 Suit, Special $52.25
$85.00 Suit, Special $63.75
These Fashionable
Summer Coats
at One-Fourth Off .:
For every occasion from sports wear to
dress times, there's a coat in the lot suit
able. This is to give you some inkling of
velour, poriet twill, Fischer-Kennedy
velcur, pariet twill, Fischer-Kennedy
tweed, taffeta, suede, novelty plaids and
checks in the latest Summer styles and
rr at the following reduced prices:
$11.50 Coat for :....$ 8.65
13.50 Coat for 10.00
15.00 Coat for 11.25
18.50 Coat for I. 13.75
19.50 Coat for 14.75
24.50 Coat for 18.25
32.50 Coat for 24.00
40.00 Coat for 29.95
The Loveliest
Evening Dresses
at One-Fourth Off
It's a lovely and distinctive lot of the
newest creations that we direct attention
to. Crispy, fresh, new dresses, thorough
ly embodied with the high fashion ideas
of the foremost designers.
The materials are satins with nets,
crepe de chines, gros de laundra, chiffon
taffeta, metalic cloth, etc., with a wonder
full variotion of trimmings. These are
splendid values.
$25.00 Dress at $18.75
$30.00 Dress at $22.50
$35.00 Dress at $26.25
$39.50 Dress at :. ...$29.75
$50.00 Dress at $37.50
$65.00 Dress at $48.75
Some Very Beautiful Afternoon
DressesforWomen,One-FourthOff
Beauty, style, value, smartness, goodness, are all em
bodied in this display and sale of summer dresses for wo
men. Many, many women are coming here this week to
add one or more of these pretty dresses to their wardrobe,
and well can they afford to do so at the small prices shown
below. Crepe do chine, foulard, chiffon, taffeta. Georg
ette crepe, wool jersey, combinations of Georgette and
taffetas, indestructable silk printed voiles, etc., in all the
most wanted shades and styles for summer afternoon wear.
$16.00 Dress, Spec'l $12.25
$19.50 Dress. Spec'l $14.85
$25.00 Dress, Spec'l $18.25
$29.50 Dress, Spec'l $22.25
$30.00 Dress, Spec'l $22.50
$32.50 Dress, Spec'l $24.50
$36.50 Dress, Spec'l $27.50
$39.50 Dress, Spec'l $29.75
$43.50 Dress, Spec'l $32.50
$51.00 Dress, Spec'l $38.25
$56.50 Dress, Spec'l $42.35
$82.50 Dress. Spec'l $6l'.95
Silk Messaline 95c Yd. j Tissue Ginghams 49c Yd.
A 26-inch all silk messaline, in s 32-inch tissue ginghams. A splen
all the season's most wanted colors, did assortment of pretty plaids, a
-a regular $1.25 value. Special for I 75c value, fine quality, for Monday
Monday, at 95 yard. I only at 49c a yard.
Dress Ginghams, 20c j Pussy Willow Silks
A splendid quality dress
gingham in plaids, checks,
stripes and plain colors. If
bought in the regular way
on today's market we would
be compelled to pay much
more thatn we are offering
these. Special at 20c yard.
This 40 inch pussy wil
low silk is in the very new
est foulard patterns and sells
regularly at $4.00 a yard.
Special for Monday at, the
3'ara
At $2.39 Yd.
The New Perfection Oil Cook Stoves and Ranges
Make Summer Cooking a Real Pleasure
There's no need to burn up your strength when you're doing your
1 I. . 1 . 1 f 1 1 i -x. u.
own coo King, it taicesenergy to cook rooa, out it ougm
to be heat ejieregy, not human energy.
Get a New Perfection the Long Blue Chimney
Stove. It makes you mistress of you own kitchen not
the slave of a stove.
No soot, no odors, no constant fussing. Visible
flame that stays put the different oil stove. In more
than 2,500,000 homes.
Come in and see the reversible reservoir, a new and
exclusive feature that makes the New Perfection better than ever before.
The Greatest Home Convenience
A Hoosier Kitchen Cabinet
Pay Only $1.00, Then
$1.00 Weekly
If you think that you do not
need the Hoosier Cabinet be
cause you have plenty of built
in shelves, you have noxoncep
tion of what the Hoosier is and
does! We know of no other in
vention in all the world that
saves the housewife so much
time, so many steps, and so
much energy every day in the
week.
It is first of all a labor-saving
machine. It brings you 40 work
reducing, time-saving inven
tions each like a willing hand
to assist you.
A Mid-Summer Clearance of
Pattern Hats at One-Fouth
to One-Half Off
We have arranged this early clearance of
stylish pattern hat3 to give our patrons the advan
tage of an extra month's wearing.
These hats are the most desirable of established
summer millinery modes and the straws and trim
mings employed- are the most dependable and se
lect obtainable. Remarkable values every one of
them. Repriced at one-fourth to one half price.
A special group of Tokio Panamas for school
girls at $1.95.
We are also showing the newest ideas in
Auto Caps, at 75c tot $1.50.
See the new mid-summer millinery, with
stunning velvet crowns.
White Goods 20c Yd. 1 Khaki Kool, $2.59 Yd.
27-inch sheer voiles and lawns in 36-inch khaki cool, a very popu-
stripes and plaids that are worth, if lar ?.ummr sPort material that ordi-
- i nanly sells everywhere ror $4.3U
sold in a regular way, 35c a yard. ) the yaT
Special on the Bargain Booth Mon- j Ve are offering this as a Mon
day, at the yard, 20c. ' day special at, the yard, $2.59.
Women's Neckwear
Specials
This is our 35c c.nd 30c
lines of neckwecr in a
very attractive assort
ment, which includes
lawns, organdie and pique
collars in plain, embroid
ered and lace effects.
Special at 25c and 39c
.''VJT"i?. chasable at a price so low
'i'Jfj ! n comparison to their
I real value. They are in 5
29c Ribbon Sale
iot orten. even in
times when ribbons have
been plentiful, are rib
bons such as these pur-
to 7 inch widths, in a
beautiful color assort
ment of plain and fancy
designs. Regular 50c values. On
the Bargain Booth Monday at 29c
Beautiful "Genuine Cedar" Chests
Preserve your furs, Woolens and 1 inens by the
use of a cedar chest.
An ideal gift for the June bride.
f
IIS'
" u .
Buy a "Vudor" Hammock j
And Get the Full Comfort Out of j
Your Porch or Lawn This Summer
A complete range of prices to please everyone.
Mm
The Leonard Cleanable Refrigerators
Surpass All Others
The most sanitary, economical, most beautiful, and reasonably priced
of all GOOD refrigerators.
Food chambers of seamless porcelain are so constructed as to come
through the door frame without a scratch. Porcelain door linings close
up tight against the Tood compartments, leaving no wood parts exposed
in food chambers to absorb, retain and continually emit bad odors.
Prices Range From $1.00 to $150.00
We have Just Received Full Car Load of
Combination Coal and Gas Ranges
If you are really inter-
ested in getting the most
practical, durable and eco
nomical Coal and Gas
Combination Range to be
had, you should by all
means see our compre
hensive showing notice
the many features, and
then only will you realize
and appreciate their many
conveniences. They will
cook perfectly with either
coal or gas. Unequaley
in design, construction
and practical value.
"1 W-siia