,0
TWO SECTIONS
Sixteen Pages.
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, APRIL 28, 1918.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOL. 20. No. 277.
Mmln
t
J
s
1
t
t
f
J
5
t
i
I 4
BERLIN
CLAMS
ALLIES UNABLE
TO
Attacks on Locre, Dickebusch
and Locre Beaten Off by
Teutons; Battle Now Prob
lem of Staying Power.
BERLIN "(via London). April 27.
The official communication from gen
eral headquarters on the operations
against the French and British says:
"To the north of Wytschaete we
advanced as far as the southern bor
der of t ooi'i' izeele. French and Brit
ish divisions vainly atenipted to wrest
Mount Kemmel away from us. Their
attacks, delivered in the morning on a ;
front from Dickebusch to Locre. pnd J
during the evening from the regiou I
of Icre as far an west of Dranontre. j
broke down under our fire with heavy '
losses. I
"Where the enemy reached our lines
he was defeated in hand-to-hnd fight-!
ing. Northwest of Merville, on the
southern bank of the Lys and near j
Glvenchy. enemy advances failed. Bp- j
tween the Scarpe and the Somme, j
enemy reconnoitring engagements also
failed.
French Drive Fails '
"South of the Somme the French j
bled themselves to death in repeated
assaults, as well as south of Villers-
Bretonneux. After the failure of strong i
attacks in the early morning at the '
northern en dof Hansard wood, the j
enemy in the afternoon again gath-1
ered his forces, consisting chiefly off
Morrocans for renewed advances I
against Hangard wood and to the i
north of Luce brook. These repeated
attempts which were accompanied hy
the strongest artillery, preparing to-
pierce our lines, failed.
"On their own initiative, our in-1
fantry detachments advanced to the
attack on both sides of Luce brook.
They cleared several machine gun
nests and took a number of French
prisoners." '
CORPSES STREW GROUND I
LONDON. April 27. The Renter!
correspondent at British headquarters!
in France sends the following on the
battle now under way:
"When Nogi reduced Port Arthur, i
we were told by military critics that
it had been in terms of life which '
no western general would have dared
face. The Cerman high "Command ob
viously ridicules the idea; it. strews
the slopes of Kemmel with German
corpses as thick as autumn leaves in
Valombrosa and points triumphantly i
to the comparatively handful of sur
vivors who have rsached the top.
"It. is a simple problem of staying
power. The enemy is taxing the Mrit
ifh as heavily as he can, but, in so
doing, he is taxing his own strength;
relatively even more heavily. He Is '
fiddling for positions which would give
him greater advantage in the use of
his numerical superiority. The ques
tion Is whether, f he eventually gained
these positions, he would have any
numerical superiority left. We no,
are fighting a war of exhaustion, in
which the first principle is to weigi j
a mile lost against the thousands of ;
enemy casutlaties paid for it. i
Annihilate Garrion
"The general (Foch) is dealing with '.
the situation with characteristic en-i
ergy, although as to what counter I
(Continued on Page Six)
MAKE CAINS
BRITISH RETIRE IN SALONIKI
LONDON, April 27. A retire
ment by the British troops on the
Saloniki front from villages which
were recently captured is reported
in an official statement issued by
the war office on operations in
the Macedonian theater of war.
The statement reads:
"During the night of April li
HAIGREPOR TS
LONDON. April 27. Field Mar
shal Haig's report from head
quarters in France tonight says:
"During the night the enemy at
tacked one of on rposts In the
neighborhood of Festubert and
succeeded in capturing it. An
other local attack against our po
sition west of Merville was brokon
up by our machine gun and rifle
NEWRUSS REVOLT REPORTED
LONDON. April 27. A dispatch
from Copenhaeen to the Exchange
Telegraph company, says that a
counter revolution has broken out
in Petrograd. It reports that while
no telegrams have been received
from Petrograd for several days,
there are rumors from Finland
that the rumor is persistent thnt
Grand Duke Alexis Nikolaivitch
has been proclaimed emporer and
that Grand Duke and Michael Al
exandrovitch is the real leader in
Russian affairs.
Croaff Rescinds
Call for Strike
To State Unions
(T.v Review'I.enscd Wlrei
Phoenix, Ariz, April 27 Thom
as J. Croaff, president of the Ari
zona Federation of Labor, tonight
withdrew the call upon organized
labor in this state for a May Day
strike ir. protest against the exe
cution of Thomas J. Mooney. In
his statement Mr. Croaff says, that
other processes are at work to
bring about the end aimed at by
the strike.
BUTTE RESCINDS ACTION
BUTTE, Mont, April 27. The
Workingmen's Union of Butte,
which last week voted to strike
May 1 as a protest against the
Mooney death sentence today re
scinded its action after it had been
called to the members' attention
that May 1, the German labor day
and that a strike at that time
would be interpreted by the Prus
sian press as an antt-war move.
HELD AS BOLD SPY
(By Review leased Wire!
NEW YORK. April 27. Madame
Marie K. Be Victorica, believed by
officers of tlve department of justice
to be one of the most active of Ger
many's agents in this country for U;e
last 15 months, was arrested at a
fashionable long Island hotel today
and brought to this city as a danger
ous enemy alien.
Madame De Victorica' was in a higu
ly nervous condition and was sent to
the prison ward at Bellvue Hospital,
Margaret Sullivan, her maid, was held
as a material witness.
Madame De Victorica, who also has
been known as Madame De Vusslere
is said to have come to the United
States, through Norway, as a passen
ger on the steamship Bergensfjord.
She is 3.1 years old and a handsome
woman of the German type.
She explained her presence In this
country by saying she came here to
look for her husband.
V'cdeiHi buimoi'kIps believe ner real
mission in this country was to spread
German propaganda among the Irish.
She is reported to have been the chi.-'f
pide to a lieutenant commander of the
German navy who readied here in
December. 1916, and who has been
working in the British navy in order
to plant bombs on warships.
The naval officer disappeared a few
days ago when he discovered that the
department of justice agents were
trailing him.
Madame De Victorica is said to have
been acquainted with Madame Char
lotte Elizabeth Nix, who is awaiting
deportation because of her alleged pro
German activities; and with Madame
Despina Davidovltch Stortch, the
young Turkish woman, who, arrested
with Madame Nix, died later at Ellh
Island.
Madame De Victorica is quoted as
describing Madame Nix as a personal
friend of the kaiser. A recent letter,
addressed to the maid, Margaret Sul
livan, is said to have contained an
enclosure from Berlin for her mis
tress. TO GGRAB BRITISH SLACKERS
BOSTON. April 27 Wholesale ar
rests for desertion from the British
and Canadian army will be made ir.
this country' within a short time, ac
cording to John P. Trant, British vice
consul here.
British troops withdrew from ad
vanced villages In the Struma
sector, which they had occupiel
on April 16.
"The villages were later shelled
by the enemy.
"On April 20 and April 22 the
British carried out raids on the
Dorian-Vardar front.
BEAUTIFUL
WOMAN
MINOR INJURIES
fire and
failed to reach our
trenches.
"Except for miiyngagements
In the battle sectoP!; and artillery
activity on both sides, the dny
passed comparatively quietly -m
the British Jront. Bodies of hos
tile infantry assembling east of
Villers-Bretonneux were effective
ly shelled by our batteries."
When Emporer Nicholas abdi
cated the Russian throne at mid
night. March ir,, 1917. he also
renounced succession to the crown
f his son. Grand Duke Alexis,
in favor of Grand Duke Michael
Alexandrovttch. The next after
noon Grand Duke Michael him
self abdicated, thus bringing tin
Romanoff dynasty to an end.
Where the proclamatio nreferred
to in the foregoing report was
issued is not apparent from the
Copenhagen dispatch.
F
EDERALS
MASS
TROOPS ALONG
TEXAS BORDER
Ojinaga District Becomes Hive
of Activity; Many Soldiers
Starve; Raids on U. S. Soil
Increase.
(Bv Review Leaned. Wire
MAR FA. Texas, April 27. Mexican
federal troops continued to arrive In
Vie Ojinaga district, opposite the Big
Bend today, reports to military head
quarters here showed. Four regiments
of federal infantry arrived at San
Antonio Viejo, near the American bor
der. A cavalry force in command of
General Pablo Gonzales reached Ojin
aga. opposite Presidio, Texas, late
yesterday and General Gonzales has
assumed command of the Ojinaga ois
trict. He is not the same general Pab
lo Gonzales who has been active in
western Chihuahua are also reported
today to be moving into the district
opposite the Big Bend and forces
from Juarez are known to have been
ordered east toward Ojinaga.
AH of these troops are practicallv
without food supplies and there is
much suffering reported among the
soldiers and their women camp fol
lowers. The troops arriving in San
Antonio Viejo were reported to be in
a starving condition. A federal com
mander opposite La Jitas, Texas, sent
a message to the American authorities
in La Jitas that unless food was per
mitted to be crossed to feed the sol
diers, he feared his men would raid
across the border to get it.
Five beef cattle were killed on the
White Ranch, near the border last
night and the carcasses dragged to
Mexico to be used for food. Reports
received here from scouts indicated
this raid was made by Mexican fed
eral troops. A horse equipped with a
federal saddle with a sabre, a car
bine and ammunition of the kind used
by the Mexican cavalry, was found
today on the ; Everett ranch. This
ranch was raidejfl Thursday night.
The horse was identified as one
taken from the White ranch which was
raided last Sunday and again last
night.
All military patrols and outposts
have again been strengthened along
the American river front to prevent
further raids by these irresponsible
raiding parties from the Mexican slue.
i - i
! War Summary
i -i
(By Review Leased Wire)
T v one of those back-to-the-wa!l
stands for which they have been fa
mous in this war, the Franco-British
for:-es have saved the situation in
the Ypres sector from turning into
an immediate big success for the
Germans after the loss hy the allied
forces of the dominating peak of Kem
mel. Had the enemy been able at once to
develop his success In the Kemmel
sector as he attempted to do the result
probably would have been disastrous
to the allied troops in the Ypres sa
lient. The British, however, held firm
against the attacks which lasted all
day south in the neighborhood of Vor
mezeele two miles south of Ypres.
and the French were equally firm in
defending the lines in the sector of
Locore, west of Kemmel, protected by
the heights of Mont Rouge and Seher
penberg. Enemy Is Halted
Thus the enemy was brought to a
standstill for the time being and Sat
urday morning did not bring with It
the resumption of his infantry attacks.
He was assuem to be preparing for a
renewal of the assault, however, while
the Anglo-French forces weres estab
lishing themselves more firmly for
the defense of the hill positions lying
back of Mount Kemmel at which it is
said General Von Arnim commanding
the German army in the Ypres sector
will next (take. The (next May r
two will probably decide whether the
allied command will attempt to cling
to Ypres and the salient which en
circles it in the face of the threat to
the Immediate rear of the Ypres po
sitions. A B ritish withdrawal from
the salient has .been predicted by
many of the military observers al
though the British war office has de
clared such a move was not necessar
ily forced by the loss of Mount Kem
mel. Allies Hold Firm
The military situation in Flanders
as a whole does not seem to be a
particularly happy one from the allied
viewpoint. The scheme of the entente
high command, however, it Is pointed
out, does not appear to be particularly
regardful of the map except where vi
tal positions are threatened and con
fidence is expected in the ability of
the allies undr their unified leader
ship to keep the situation well within
thir grasp on th northrn. as nil as
the southern battle front.
In the south, indeed, below the
Somme, new evidenre has been given
of the Mrengtti of the allied posTtion
through the continued progress the
British have been able to make be-
(Cnntimi'-d on Tiige Tlirv)
, . : s-l
. , ..risAf N, - nil
m s . 01
II': k --.J J i cn
"XXPr'( f ! '( lffi U
ly- 7 - V
WAR S IRITINAIS PROGRAMS
OF THIS YEAR'S CHAUTAUQUA
i
I
Attractions Coming to District Last Day of April Bear
Approval of President Wilson; Many
Purchase Season Tickets
Bearing the stamp of approval of
President Wilson, and bringing to the
Warren district many lessons and
words of the war direct from the
front, the Whrren district chautauqua
this year, which opens on Tuesday
evenins:, April 30, for seven days' en
tertainment, holds much of especial
interest to the residents of this com
munity. The spirit of war has in
vaded the chautauqua. The numbers
all have a martial tone. Many of them
are devoted exclusively 'to the war
and among the speakers and lecturers
are some of the best known war au
thorities of the world.
The president's stamp of approval
of the chautauqua follows:
"It has been on my mind for
some time to thank your organiza
tion for the very real help it has
given to America in the struggle
that is concerned with every ele
ment of national life. Your speak
ers going from community to com
munity, meeting the people .in a
friendly spirit engendered by years
of intimate and understanding
contact, have been effective mes
sengers for the delivery and in
terpretation of democracy's mail
ing and imperative needs. The
work that the Chautauqua is doing
has not lost importance because
of the war, but rather has gained
new opportunities for service.
"Let me express the hope that
you will let no discouragement
weaken your activities, and that
the people will not fail in the
support of a patriotic institution
that may be said to be an integral
part of the national defense."
Ticket Sale Started
The campaign for the placing of
season tickets to the chautauqua has
alrea.lv hepuii nnd euarnntnrs of the
entertainment reKrt that they are counsel, filed notice with Judge Frank- j
meeting with succession every hand..lin A. Griffin that on next Thursday
Residents of this district, they state, he w ill move that all previous pro- j
are welcoming the week's diversion cecdings in Moi.ney s case b set aside .
and educational advantage whli open
arms. It is anticipated that seats in on the ground or wfllul fraud ami;
toe big chautauqua will be at a pre- malfeasance in office of the prosecu-i
in in ii i for every attraction. lion. . ,
In urging the purchase of season: The notice was so unusual thati;
tickets sponsors of the attraction are Judge Griffin declared he roqtl not at
calling ;, Mention to the money saving om-c decide w hether he had jurisdic-:
of sin h purchase at this lime. If The tj,,n jn tnn np. He set the case over !
tickets are purchased before the open- until Thursday when McNutt will,
ing night, they are much less in price make his motion and Judge C.rittin '
than if purchased on the opening will decide liis jurisdiction. Mean-j
night, w'lile the tickets at either cost while Mooney who was to have been!'
are representative of about one-thinl resentenced today gained a short ,
the total costs of all entertainments respite j
if they are paid for at the door. McNutt explained that his motion j
Location of Grounds will he based on Kngjish common law;
Location of the grounds this year Which established that any judgment j
will be between the Junction mine could be aitucked where fraud had
"SALOME CIIAilLES" jj
and the Ben spur, near the Phelps,
Dodge mercantile store in Lowell.
Here is ample room for the parking!
of automobiles and other vehicles, for!
the erection of the large tent and1
for the staging of attractions. It is!
half-way in the center of population.!
on the street car lines and handy tc
every resident of the district. And. I
the climbing of hills to former loca-;
tions. will be done away with.
During the past week cards and dis
plays have been placed along Naco
road to l-owcll showing the direction
of the grounds. The cards bear an ar
row in red. and across the arrow,
poininu toward Lowell is the inscrip-'
tion, "To Chautauqua Grounds."
War Programs
Nearly every day one of the pro
grams will present a lecture on some
phase of the great war. These lectures
d'ontimjcil on Three) i
MOONEY CHARGES FRAUD INATTEMPT
10 ESCAPE PAYING DEATH PENALTY-
iP.v lieview i.eiiseil Wlrel
SAN FRANCISCO. April 27. A mw
tnoal Kittlo u'liff'tt nmlr taL-A tho pjqil
if Thnin.is I trwinev Au-nitlnr re.
eontoiina ir, .tenth n o " n, n i-H ,.r ,.i,r
to the Cnited States supreme court! , a murder charge which grew out t Press reports ; received here tmlay say
was opened here today after it was ; the preparedness day parade bomb e-1 ,neI Bolh'vlK forces mine l rl-nei
(thought that all possible legal serv-!
I,. M.u.tievV hh,.lf ho. I l.i.on
exhausted. ,
Maxwell Mi Nutt. Mooney s t hi 'f
and that he be granted a new trial;
Holland Adopts
"They Shall Not
Pass" As Slogan
(Hy Review I.eicd Wlr
AMSTKRDAM. April 27 A
' cording to The Hague Vaderlan l,
the prospect of an agreement be
tween Holland and Germany has
slightly improved since yesterday.
While it has been agreed to re
open the limburg railway, thera
still a difference regarding the
nature and extent of the trans
port over the road and by water
way. The Telegraaf under the head
ing, "If If must be." recalls th-?
German atiaek on Belgium anl
says:
"If Holland now is to be placed
at the same cross roads as Bel
gium, then the government may
be certain that the nation will
rally around It in the hour of
dfnger. Kveryone will ardently
hope that this cup may be spared
us. and it is not almost unthink
able that the crime which has
been branded 'Cain's mark on the
forehead of the violator should
be repeated against us'3 but if it
must be. our motto will be it hey
shall not pass' neither they nor
their necessities. We want peace,
but we fear dishonor more than
war. Holland will remain her
self." i been committed and could be shown
He said the defense would offer.
prooi oi irwuu in me jiroceruiugs 1
! which ended in Nioonev's convictioil on
plosion here July 22. 191.5. I
1 tl.o nl thf hi- ,(!, ,n I- .!..
-
d'ontinmtl on Threel
ri T SIT TCyTT 4 CTT 4 T fPrPO JJ O 4 T7"lr
j l jrLjlSjll C j U A Lj 1 1 EtJ llFjJV 1
LONIHIN. April 27 -Ihitisli
casualties reported this week to
talled 1S.:U'.'1. divided as follows:
Killed or died of wounds: Offi
cers 40S. men 2.fifil.
Wounded or missing; Officers
2.071; men ir,.22!
Despite the heavy fighting for
nmre than a month past the Brit
ish casualties reported are only
now beginning to approach the
high figures for week after week
last year, when the British were
on the offensive on the western
front. The Increase recently has
ben on the average of per cent
IN ATTACK
MM
Oil FAILS
More Than 120,000 Prussian
Troops Used on Two Mile
Sector; Enemy Losses Are
Very Excessive.
Itv R.'vif-w T .:sHt lre
WITH THE I RITISH ARMY IN
FRANl'K. April 27. An intense bom
bardment of the Allied positions in the
Kemmel sector has been continued by
the German gunners, but up to noon
today . the enemy had made no furfTier
attacks in this region.
General Von Arnim was busy con
solidating the positions won yester
day and reorganizing his forces for a
new drive against the other hills held
I by the allies west of Kemmel.
The German commander wilt" have
to bring up fresh troops Tor further
I operations, for the casualties suffered
by tne enemy yesterday were exceeu
ingly heavy. Proof of this was given
hy the distressing sight on the battle
field over which the contending arm
ies struggled. During yesterday's at
tacks by the enemy one British bri
gade inflicted four times as many
losses as they themselves suffered.
Hun Losses Excessive
The proportion mfght not hold good
for the whole sector, but certainly the
Germanjosses were excessive at many
points. At Iocore which the French
j recaptured last ni:hf and where the
ifighting raged most of the day. the
number of German dead was very
i large.
General Von Arnim employed about
ten divisions in yesterday's assaults,
five of which were fresh trocps. This
j meant that on a front of about H).om
j yards, between Dranoutre and the
I Ypres-omines canal, the Allies had a
j total of 120.000 troops against them,
i One of (,'ie new German divisions nr
j rived at Kemmel from Verduni April
24.
tions not only drove the Germans
from liocore, but took Hospice and Lo
(ore farm, both strong points lying to
the southeast of the villace. Iicore
was cne of the mostly hotly contested
points along tiie front.
Take 900 Prisoners
The Allied attack south of Villers
Hretonneux yesterday eave rise to
very heavy fighting. Some progress
was made toward reclaiming this po-
Isition which the enemy held as a re
t suit of the German push on Wednes
day. The enemy, in a counter aftai k.
threw themselves agii"st one French
division seven times without being
able to go forward.
The British today had nearly nine
hundred German prisoners in the
i cages as a result of other counter op
I erations which began Wednesdav
j night. The British yesterday also
I took several hundred in Ihe fighting
I north of Kemmel.
FRENCH INACTIVE
! PARIS. April 27. "There was no
infantry action during the course of
i the day," says t'ie war office an
' nounceinent tonight,
j "The artillery fighting was main
tained in a spirited fashion south of
the Somme and on both sides of the
Avre. There were violent bombard
, ments in the recion of l.affaux and
the front of Caurieres wood and
Chambrettes."
PRAISE BROWNING GUN
CAMP KF.ARNY. San Diego. Calif .
April 27 -The Browning light machine
gun. with which American troops are
to be equipped, was given its first
test todav on the range here. "It's
a beauty" was the commend of one
officer, who expresses generally the
sentiment of machine gun school stu
dents and instructors who fired it.
REDS GIVE BATTLE
! WASHINGTON. April 2
-Swedi-ih
"",. .s -,,, "---'' -
"Ill lire iui-iiuK kimi'ikm ...-.....
.They are beina reinforced by sailors
I from the Black Sea fleet.
each week oer tho week pre
ceding. Last week the aggregate
was 12.nt;.S and the week previous
S.12!
MX BOX. Vpril 27 The to'al
British casutlaties in the opera
tions on Tuesday against Zee
brngge and Ostend were 5S8. ac
cording to an official announce
ment tonight. These were divided
as follows:
Officer killed. 16: died of
.wounds, 3; missing, 2; wounded,
29.
Men killed, 144: died of wounds,
' 25; missing, 14; wounded, 355.
... TWO
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, APRIL 21, 1918.
O 9 L
. "I U
ivi
Announcing Our Semi-Annual Clearance Sale of Stylish
and Misses This Sale of Stunning Spring Suits Merits
Your Most Careful Consideration Noteworthy Because of the Unusual Oppor
tunities it Affords in the Way of Varied and Comprehensive Individual Style
Assortments, and Especially on Account of the Drastic PRICE REDUCTIONS
Which Means a Saving to You of One-Fourth and in
Many Instances ONE-THIRD of the Original Price
Women
The Boys Over There
Are giving their all to win
the war.
What are you giving?
Have you subscribed to the
Third Liberty Loan?
Don't let Monday go by
without attending to this,
your great privilege and pa
atriotic duty.
rrv A BOND BY ALL
MEAN'S.
This is in keeping with our regular policy, of a semi-annual Clearance
Sale in this Department, in order to properly adjust our stocks to conform
with the season. However, this does not mean your time is limited in which
to wear these suits, as this sale with few exceptions includes every suit in
stock. The assortments are so complete and so varied, you are sure to find
just the suit to appeal to your individual taste, and a suit which will meet
your requirements for any and all occasions. Rest assured you
will have ample time in which to enjoy the wearing this season.
Note these liberal price reductions which mean a saving to
you of from one-fourth to one-third their regular values.
Suits that sell regularly from $25.00 to JQ fCZ
$29.50. Now on sale at pZ,UD
Suits that sell regularly from $35.00 to OC
$37.50. . Now on sale at p6I.UO
Suits that sell regularly from $39.50 to C90 OC
$42.50. Nov on sale at P&Zr.ZiJ
A Wonderful Sale of New Spring Blauses
Especially attractive new models in women's blouses for spring
and summer wear. Never before have we been able to offer such a
special bargain in this department. The materials are Georgette
crepe, crepe de chine, pongee and fancy striped tub silks, specially rc-
duced fcr Monday's selling, choice of this entire lot at only
IV
$2.95.
Some highly tailored effects
with choke collars, others
have the baby neck collar-
less idea, while still others are of the slipover style, with trills,
bertha and jabot effects, in a wide range of colors and styles.
ram
mJ
Remember, this is not a special lot of suits bought for this sale, but our
regular stock, including nearly every suit in the house, which doubly assures
you of their unquestionable authentic style and unparalleled values. The
materials used in the making of these suits are mannish all wool serge,
high quality Tricotine, Poiret twills, gabardines, wool jersey, poplin and
fancy mixtures.
It would require entirely too much space to attempt to give
you a complete description of hese wonderful suits, but we call
... .1 t . .mm
your attention to the illustrations on this page, which will
give you a partial conception of the many smart styles shown in
this assortment.
Suits that sell regularly from $45.00 to
$49.50. Now cn sale at
Suits that sell regularly
$55.00. Now on sale at
from $52.50 to
$34.95
$39.95
Brassieres
I STANDARD PATTERNS FOR MAY NOW READY
A Notable Display of Stylish
New Skirt Models
$27.50, $15, $12.50, $10, $8.50
This wide and varied assortment embraces airiest every
conceivable new fabric now being showp in model skirti, this
collection is so complete and so varied it will be absolutely
necessary for you to view the entire assortment to fully appre
ciate its worth and magnitude. The materials represented are Foulards,
Moonglow, Silk, P. & M. fancy stripes and plaids, Rep. Faille and Baronett?
Satin silver drip, plain and fancy Taffetas in solid colors and a big assort
ment of fancy patterns.
This is without exception, we believe, the largest and best selected as
sortments of Skirts to be found anywhere in this section of the country.
t)oift miss viewing this wonderful assortment.
War Savings Stamps
Are a badge of honor. Do
you possess any of these
stamp. You ran buy one
for 25c and every time you
lick a Thrift Stamp you help
to lick the kaiser.
Do without that extra dish
of ice cream, that pack of
gum or some other trifle, and
buy a W. S. S. It is a safe
and sane investment. I'ncle
Sam will pay you well for the
use of your money.
Some trimmed with neat
embroidery edges, others elab-
i i i l
orately trimmed with wide
cluny lace and embroidery, all sizes 34 to 48, good assort
ment of styles, regular values 65c and 75c. Spe- ACZf
cial Monday, choice of the lot for rrcC
Red Cross Aprons $2.00
We are just in receipt of a special shipment of Red
Cross aprons, made of a heavy white drill, with high
rounded neck and belt at waistline, with long sleeves, two
large pockets; these are special values selling at $2.00.
Striking New Models in WOOLEN SKIRTS .
$18.50, $12.50, $10.00 and $8.50
This lot embraces all the season's latest and mos t approved styles. ' Wool serge .poplin, mohair, gab
ardine and fancy mixtures; the colors are black, navy, tan and gr?.y mixtures, black and white checks, fancy
stripes and plaid combinations, solid stripes and solid white.
Colgates and
Other Wanted
Toilet Articles
ORIENTAL
for
COLGATE'S
can
SQl'IBB'S Talcum
can
RIVERIS' Talcum
can
('reap.!, large jars
$1.39
Talcum Powder, per
18c
Powder, per
20c
Powder, per
20c
MARY GARDEN
a can
CUTEX Manicure
at 29c. and
Talcum Powder.
75c
sets, two sizes.
93c
LEHN k KINK Poudre de Riz in
two sizes, small box for 19c, large
size for 39c
LA BLACHE Face Powder, box 44c
"COLORITE" Hat Dye for straw
hals, a bottle for 23c
CARBOLATED Vaseline, large
jar IKe
WHITE Vaseline, a jar 19c
PETROLEIM, small jar 5c, large
- jar 10c
NONSPI. a preventative for per
spiring 39c
M I'M. per jar 21c
LIP STICKS, each 21c
COLGATE'S Dental Paste, per
tube 20c
PEHECO Tooih Paste, tube. 39c
MENNEN'S Shaving Cream, a
tube 21c
COLGATE'S Shaving Powder, a
cart 23c
LISTERINE. 3-ounce bottle for 19c
LISTERINE. "-ounce bottle for 50e
MENTHOLATl'M, small jar 19c.
lar jar t ir 39c
COLGATE'S -Big Math Toilet Soap
l."c. or t o cakes f r 25c
STORK Castile Soap 15c a cake, or
two for 25c
C V T I C C R A Facil Toilet Soap.
per cake 21c
JAP ROSE Soap 10c. a cake, or
three fcr 25c
POND'S Vanishing Cream per tube
or jar 21c
Extra Specials
Monday and Tuesday
In Our
Dress Goods
Section
54 inch all wool Jersey, colors
green, yellow, chartreuse and dark
red. This material is guaranteed
all wool. It is one of the most
popular fabrics just now for suits,
dresses and separate skirits in the
big cities. . It sells regularly at
$4.50 to $5.00 the yard. Our spe
cially reduced price Monday, per
yard $1.69
27 inch Dress Lawns, in stripes,
checks, plaids and floral designs;
a very sheer fabric for that sum
mer frock; fast colors in tpink.
light blue, lavender, green and
white. Regular values 20c and 25c
per yard. Extra special Monday
and Tuesday, per yard ...15c
36 inch Gabardine, in slrjpes,
checks, dots and plaids, in tan.
green, pink, yellowvrcd and blue,
solid shades of light and copeu
blue, Joffre, navy, pink and flesh,
etc. This is one of, the season's
most fabored fabric s for skirts and
one piece dresses; the colors are
fast 39c
32 inch Zephyr Ginghams, in all
wanted colors and combinations,
stripes, checks and plaids, fine
weave and fast colors, especially
adaptable for house dresses, chil
dren's school dresses, men's shirts,
Ikivs' and childrens blouses and
play suits 35c yd.
liiblMin Special. Monday and 1
Tuesday we place on sale a special
lot of Fancy Ribbons, 3' to 8
inches wide, taffetas, satin, moire
and grosgrain, plaids, stripes,
checks and floral designs, specially
suitted feir hair bows, liat trim
mings and all kinds of fancy work,
egiilarl prices 75c- and 85c per
yard, Monday and Tuesday, special,
per yard 49c
The New Military Capes
In keeping with the times, we are showing
these military capes, the newest and most pop
ular wrap for sunvmei wear. They are made
of a good grade of all wool serge, in navy blue:
the prices range $27.50 to $29.50.
Slip-Over Sweaters
We are showing a complete line of the
new sleeveless and collarless styles in Ice
land wool and zephyr yarns, a good assort
ment of popular colors and color combin
ations; the prices range from (?9
$7.50, $6.50, $4.95 and PO.Z7kJ
The New Silk Sweaters
Dear to the heart of every woman are these
stunning new sweaters, regulation and slipover
styles, in pure thread silk, and organdie pure fibre,
myrids of beautiful solid shades and varied color com
binations Including rainbow tints; this assortment of
fers a wide range for your selection, embodying the
season's newest and most favored models, hardly any
two alike; the prices rae most at- - r rf
tractive, starting at $32.50, $20.00, Vk I rl
$18.50, $15.00 and JJ-KJ.KSJ
Infants' and Children's Creepers and Rompers
Big new assortment just received, now on display for your selection, in ail wanted sizes
and styles, all white madras, dainty scersuckc r gingham, overall styles, Toodle Kids, and th
clever little Copperfield suits for boys. There is a pleasing assortment of all wanted colors
and color combinations as well as all white; all sizes 6 months to 5 years.
The prices range 85c, $1.00, $1.50, $2.00 and $3.00.
. THIS IS THE "KIDDIE KOUPE"
A Boon to the Mothers A Source of Delight to the Little Tats
As shown in the illustration the frame work is of just the
proper size, made of strong, light wood, white enameled, the
panels are of fly proof, non-rust gauze wire, the botton which
supports the mattress may be raised or lowered at will, when
raised and half of the side panel lowered, as shown in the illus
tration, the coupe makes an idea bed for baby; just the right
height ot be placed along side of your own bed. When the bot
torn of the coupe is lowered and side panels raised and fastened
in place, it is an ideal playhouse for baby which may be rolled
with all ease to any part of the house. The running gear is or strong metal construction, the
wheels are fitted with rubber tires, which make them noiseless as well as easy to roll, each
coupe is fitted with a silk floss mattress and a marquisette covering, which is cool and fly
proof. Mothers who have the care of small ch ildren owe it to themselves to see these Kiddie
Koups, which afford conveniences almost too numerous to mention. They come in two sizes.
The price complete, $20.00 and $23.50. .
Dainty New Summer Neckwear
Attractively Priced - 35c to $6.00
Wc call your special attention to our wopderful showing in this department, no irattcr
what your particular fancy may be you aie sure to find just the neckpiece in this assortment
to strike your particular fancy at a price you will be glad to pay.
Roll collars in wash satin, organdy, silk rep anil
lawn, lace and embroidery trimmed; all the new
designs and materials in collar and cuff set.-.
..... ..-t
1
Extraordinary Values in
TRIMMED
HATS
at
j-" - - -"j ( ,-rt
V XL
$5.95
usually smart
Entire new assortment now bein
shown for the first time. This new
shipment has jut reached us from
New York bv express, and we are
especially anxious for you to view
this wonderful collection, of what
we conside r oi.e of the biugest values ever hrousht
.to this city, in the way of Tritium i Hats ready to
v. ear. We are especially proud of this show ing, on
vtvunt of the wide ami varied assortments, te
many Individual st le features, w hich place these
.hats far above the ordinary, and the usual styles you
are able to purchase nt such a low price. We feel
that we could hardly place too much emphasis upon
this special showing, as wc consider the styies un
the values almost, if not entirely, utimatc -liable.
Vei.ces. in one. two and three button styles, with flat and
ic II collars, lace jabot, slin k shawl and sailor collars, the new
Gipsy tie, in all popular shades, made be tied in many cliftereiit
v. ays. very popular now.
In this lot you will find Hats suitable for dress, semi-dress, street,
afternoon or sport wear. Lar;e mushr.-om. sailor, medium and small
shapes. While Milan and hemps, faced with Geor.ette crepe and satin,
trimmed with da.-ies. field flowers, grape and assorted fruts. saiicv
'1 u-Ils and wiiiys and faucy ribbon ro.-ctti s. Le sure you see these hats
Monday, on sale at If 5 95.
See the New Knitting Bags
and Shopping Bags
Priced $1.50 to $15.00
1 his varied assortment embodies many new and novel
designs, both practical and useful, as well as smart in ap
pearance. The materials consist of cretonne, Oriental
silks. Rep and chintz, mescaline and taffeta silk, in popular
solid shades and changeable colors, trimmed with patent
and suede leathers or harmonizing and contrasting shades;
this lot includes shopping bags, beautifully silk lined and
fitted with coin purse and mirror.
nM&SanSSk Got Any Foot Troubles? See Our Specialist Monday in Shoe Dept.
mW M -S mWm
J THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING. APRIL 2S. 1918.
THREE
1
r
Additional Gty Briefs
MAKING USUAL VISIT.
Sam Kitehner, the ripar drummer,
who make his headquarters la Los
Angeles, and travels for the firm of
M. Gunst & Co., Tan In the city yes
terday makrhfr one of his usual trips.
He has been making this section of
the country for a number of years.
HERE FROM DOUGLAS.
Campbell Hardy, advertising man
ager of the Daily International, of
rouglas, and a newspaper man who
has spent most of his past 20 years
in the southwest and west, was a
visitor in P.isbee yesterday for a brief
time. Tie as enroute "to Naoo, where
he will spend today visiting with
friends.
BISBEE WINS AGAIN.
Bisbee first and secon dteams met
the first and second teams of Doug
l?a on the T. M. C. A. courts last
nlsht. In the fifth tame or the shield
tournament. Bisbee won bv a score
of t9 pins. High scones were made
b vLee Blair. 228: Carrier, 20S: Amos.
m2. This gives nisbee a lead of 517
pins. The last eame of the tourna
ment will be held in Douglas nest
Saturday night
GGUSS HICKEY STRICKEN.
Cuss Hickey. for many years a res
ident of this district and one of the
best known of this county's pioneers,
was suddenly stricken ill at the borne
of his familv in San Diego. California,
on Wednesday, as he was prenaring
to leave for Bisbee and" the Warren
District. Word of the Fudden stroke
was received in this district yester
day by a son. but it was not stated
hew serious is Mr. Hickey's' condition
br the manner of the stroke.
CALLED TO CANON CITY.
.T. W. F. Smith, manager of the
Gibrin-Hines lumber company, ye.-v
terdav received word that his sister
In Canon City, Colorado, was verv
ill and not cxnected to live. Mr. Smith
left last nisht for Canon City. 'Dur
ing his absent? W. B. Brenion of
Deming. Xew Mexico, and also con
nected with the fCibson-Hinos com
pany, will be in charge of the com
pany's interests here.
IS ACROSS THE SEAS i
Mrs. S. A. Titus has received a let-'
tpr from her hrnther I. T Ceott ?n
which he states that' lie had arrived ;
snfelv nt Wincbpster rTitnnrt Tto
left Jersey City on March 16th, and
arrived there in just 11 dayts. He
stated that they had a pleasant trip
across. He was better known here
as "Seotty,"' and also at Cananea. He
has another sister. Mrs. E. Palveson,
at Obaysi, New Mexico, and two
brothers in the district, R. C. and lien
Scott.
ANNOUNCEMENT.
The following announcement will '
be of interest to the many friends of
Mrs. Helen Ofhs. Lieut. Colonel and ,
Of
That will ifit you, or we
will make them fit
Priced! $20 to $30
THE
Hughes Block
Mrs. Frank Porter Amos, nnnoiinoe
! the marriaa? of their sister Helen
1 Amos
j Ness.
Orhs to Captain John Hnrrv,tlie trail went up the face of the hill
V. S army, on Saturday, Vay
fl. 1!S. at Canp Statsbnre. Phl'ippine
Islands. At liu-.ne. Ft. Win. McKin -
ley, riiilippine.5.
GPIPPE EPIDEMIC.
Arcordins te parties who are in the
ritv from Oananea. there's nn enidemic
of la Ennpe prevailing n that camp
pmone the Mexicans that is rrovine I Two prisoneis were sent out to the!
fatal in a nnmher of cases. Th vie-! state road canm yesterday afternoon
tini is attacked with one case and i to assist in completing another lint;
when he is partially recovered if he;in that hit-hwav and to do their hit I
does not take extreme care of himself jn completing the road to Tombstone '
suffers from another atteck which in , so that when the surveyors -Mid other ;
most instances causes cleat It. It is ' representatives of the lt.mkliepd com-
said that tiearlv a hundred have died
there in the past month from
he dis-
ease.
Bt'YS LIBERTY BONDS.
There is a woman in the Warren
Dfrtrict who has a son It) the navv.
He has signed an order that she
should receive a certain amount each
month from his pav. The woman has
merried again, so that the hoy has a
stepfather that is keeping his mother.
The little woman, as soon as she
rets the pav check, turns and h'lys
I.ihertv bonds so that when her hoy
returns she will be able to make him
a present of a good investment. This
Is hut' ono Instance where patriotic
mothers all over the country are do
ing for the sake of the government.
GOVERNMENT WANTS TEACHERS.
Miss Annie Hamnton. secretary of
the Jocal 'civil rrviro commission,
has reerived a renuest that an an
nouncement be made that the govern
ment is in need of the service of a
number of teachers In the Philipnine
Islnnds. The salaries ranee from I
Jl.u'K) to SI 500 with a chance of pro-1
motion un ti S1.000 to $2.f00. Addi-
tiona! particulars can be secured fromThcs refused to buy a Liberty bond and
her at the postofrice or bv writing to ; tnat ills brotner is in me city suii"--the
secretary of the twelfth civil ser.-' ing from consumption ami that he has
ice district, at San Francisco. Appli-1 refused to help h!s brother, and that
cations may be filed any time . the colored men in the city have had
to do it. The brother is trying to
WAS BROKEN INTO
One of tlie local freight cars on the j
house track at the E. P. & S. W.
depot was broken into on Friday j
night between nine and ten thirty j
o'clock and a quantity of boiled hams. (
butter and other stuff taken. A part :
tne 'oot was f""nd yesterday morn-
!nK wnpre il na(1 he ,pft in the s,lh' I
Vay just across from the depot EVi-1
dently the thieves had more than they
could carry. The officers are work-
ing on a due and hope to make an
?rrest befcre long.
,WON BET
A couple of traveling men were
standing on the Copper Queen Hotel
stens last evenine and were looking
nn at. the Bae Dole on Buckv O'Xeill
I Peak. They beean discussing about i
1 i9i 3 tnan in vn I
up there and back. One word led to
another until the younger spoke tin ;
and said. "I can go up there and back
in less than an hour." A bet was ;
Uncalled For
I
F. MILLARD
LEADING TAILOR
made of $4.00 that he couM not. lie
started up the hMl jind hot knowing
i and made it 'o the fine no'e in 2".
' minutes. He e:i:ne dow.i in fifteen
1 miTinfes sr that he m his no'iev.
j Quite a number of peotde cn the s!de-
j walk and plaza watched biin climb
'the hill. The re'ord for rllmhiii;? the
, hill is twelve minutes.
I
TO THE ROAD CAMP I
'mission come this wav they will have
the pleasure of traveling over one of
the best roads in the State of Arizona.'
If the Douglas bunch did as much fori The whole incident, as described to j of German and Austrian war prison
good roads in Cochise Countv as the 'the Associated Press, shows the no-! ers. Eventually his command inerens
balance of the countv do and won'. I ! cessity lor an airman to develop an ! ed to one thousand men. Semenoff
not oppose such measures there would , almost supernauinil . ability M deal j is a Huri.it Cossack,
be many another mile completed be-, with unexpected siiuations. It Is gen- His method ()f anni'ig and f!nar-ing
fore that commjssjcn arrives here. , erally believed that one of the chief ; his force was to make sudden raids
There are now between ten and fi'- reasons for the present German in-j on snvill Bolshevik strongholds. The
teen men that eould be put to work
on the road and there are needed, hut
Douglas and its Purity Suuad snv No
and they ask "Why Not Have a Little
Unity in Cochise County?"
WERE INDIGNANT.
The colored citizens of nfsbee ire
of Bisbee
very Indignant over the actions of o ie
of their number a min named Rro-vn
v-ho runs a shoe shining stand in
Brewery Gulch near the pool hall. All
of the colored men observed the La'ior
Day proclamation and closed on othT
places of business. He told thm he
would not do so and that there wns
no law. to make him. The matter v.-as
reported to the officers at:d Brovn
was given a few moments to close up
when tcld to do so. They also cl iim
that he has a sood bank account and
j secure funds to return to the old home
In Texas but the bootblack refuses to
I assist in any way. Brown now has
j virtually become an outcast nmon?
i his own people. ' "
WAR SUMMARY
(Continued from Page One)
tween Villers-Bretonneux and Hangard
and the success of the French in again
forcing their way into Hangard Mi
lage and possessing themselves of oth
ed valuable ground in this section.
No Nearer Amiens
The Germans, as the week closed.
were virtaully no nearer their ohjec
tive. the allied base at Amiens, than
they were before their smashing st-1
tack on Wednesday between the
Somme and the Avre, while several.
of their divisions have teen badlf
smashed iu the fighting cg-siti'-t it'.
British and 1 raaco-American defer.se.
Bisbee
iRSTISH MACHfNESEMENOFF FORCES
OLISHES RUS
HOSTILE AIRSHIP
I
j
REMIND THK BRITISH LINES IX
FHAXCR. March 2S (Correspondence
of The Associated. Press). A British'
ma' hine rammed a German airplane ;
in an aerial battle it few davs ago. 1
: The British machine afterwards made
a successful landing, but the lierman
machine was demolished.
m
feiiority in the air is that the average , arms and supplies which he thus cap
(ieruiail pilot, is iucapah'io of adjust ii.i; I turo'l enabled him to gradual!-,' ir.-
his menial balance as quickly as the
young British pilot, in performing or
anticipating the unexpected.
in t'.iis particular contest, the Ger-
! man airman got his g;n to bear at
point blank range on the I'ritish pilot possible for him to secure larger cuan
in mid-air. the Britisher's gun being! tities of arms and ammunition, but
temporarily out of action owing to a having secured all the slocks in his
jam. district he had to cease rerruittng
TJie British machine was one of a until such times as the authorities in
souadnm engauea in a long-distance
J frui;iiain,ur c iniinm uri i.iuii
lines. They had been heavily attack -
ed bv a German patrol, but by splen -
did gunnery and superb airmanship
had driven off the Cermans after
downing four of them.
It was while pursuing one of the
fleeing German machines that the pi
lot's gun jammed, and ho was forced
to break off his pursuit and climb up
to the shelter of his souadron until
his gun could be got. into action again. : were being armed by the Polshevihi.
Before ho could regain his altitude, 1 became a menace to the podtiou of
the German dived down on him. The j the Entent Allies in this part of the
enemy plane came out of the heart ! world and they be'jan to consider the
of the sun straight at him, so that ; advisability of giving Semenoff the
he did not see the approach of his 1 assistance he had as'ted for. P.: A
antagonist until the latter's bullets ; polities intervened, and as happened
icamo whizzing through his wings, i in other pl ues whore ihe allies have
i Glancing up, he say his enemy only j had to taVe joint action. Prolonged
ia few yards away. negotiations between Harbin and Pe
lt was impossible for the British ! :lnK, and Peking and the foreign cap
pilot to dive or sideslip. The German 1 itals ensued. While these were going
, would simply have fololwed him down
and continued to pump in bullets at
point-blank range. Neither could he
remain on his course or a German
bullet weuld surely reach him. vanceu beme::oir sunr lent money ior
In a flash he summed up tiie sit, j current expenses, he would have hern
nation, saw the only c hance open to forced to disband his men. and the
him. and snatthed at it instantly. only real movement in Siberia work
Drawing back his control lever, he, his for Allied inter; sts would have
sent his machine shooting upward to j vanished.
meet the oncoming German. Before 1 Neco-.iations are still going on. but
the latter realized what was happen-, it ia hoped here that, now tlict th
ing. tho two airplanes were in colli- j Russians in Harbin, headed by Gen
sion. i Pral Horvath. have, given Semenoff
But the British Pilot had so judged ! their undivided support, '.iie- Allies
things more by luck than sood man -
airement. he afterwards declared
, that his undercarriage cra.siieu into;
; the enemy's uppt r plane, tearing It 1
. clear of the main structure.
I Both tnaihines turned turtle as ai
result of the tremendous i:nua t. and ;
ciose-dived earthward, a dive from
I which the German never recovered.!
He went crashing com.ileidy out of J
control. I
The British pilot flattened out his i
machine after falling 500 feet and !
was able to rejoin his squadron minus
' his undercarriage, but with his ma
I
ch'ne otherwise almost undamaged.
But he had yet to land his machine
in safety, and landing an airplane
without an undercarriage is no easy j
task. His comrades ail got down be-,
fore him and gathered in a silent j
group at one corner of the squadron j
to watch, him come down. His com-
mander was so certain that disaster j
impended, that he ordered an amhu-1
lance to be gotten ready. I
But the pilot confounded all their j
fears, and thereby added greatly to (
his professional reputation. He stalled
his airplane when only a few feet 1
from the ground that is. he pointed
its nose upward tvntil tho forward !
ly the tail sank downward. The rear
;"kid touched earth and dragged along
the surface for a few yards. Then
the airplane fell forward and stopped
with a jerk.
SUB SURRENDERS WHEN
1
LIGHTSHIP TRAILS!
LOXDOX, April 2 (Correspondence,
cf the Associated Press). One Ger- j
man submarine commander surren- '
dered his vessel to a British destroy
er in the Mediterranean merely be-j
cause he was pursued by a lightship. I
asserts a British official eye-witness
writing from Italy.
"Tlu U-boat has just torpedoed a
merchantman." he writes. "Sighting
a British destroyer coming up at full
speed, the German made off as fast
as she could below the surface, taking
her bearings from a lightship before
submerging. Depth charges dropped
by tho destroyer exploded in unpleas-
nut proximity, but the Germans were
lucky, and after a time they seemed :
to have real lied safety. The cap-j
tain, however, held on submerged on
the same course for some time. Then j
he came up again, hoping to find him
self without a sail in sight. I
To bis horror, he found the samel
lightship ami the same destroyer as j
near h'm as ever. Asain taking his'
bearings fr.mi the lightship, he suh-
merged with all speed and set -out I
once more on the same course. Again
tlie destroyer made herself unpleas-j
i ant. and again tlie U-boat was lucky.
Once more the German came up to!
see where be was. and again hej
found the lightship in the self-same i
position, whOe (the same destroyer
'was after him again. How long this
I tragic comedy continued historw does
not relate, but when at last, after try-i
ing his utmost, the German command I
! er found that he could not pet away'
from the lightship and had inhans-i
ted his accumulators, he surrendered.!
; conduced that there was magic in it.!
: Only then did he learn the truth.!
The lightship was bi ina towed from j
her station foi overhaul and refit un-'
der escort of a destroyer.
GREW FROM SILL
BAND TO GOP
n.Rf IX. M.ini huria.
((,.irrps (1(1.)r(l - Tll
' '. '
Pre-s .! lve ( ossni ks
the original forci with
March ?M
Assoi iatc.l
roiistituied
whicii f'en-
. eral Semrnoff began his task of op-
; posing Bolshevik rule in Siberia and
! of preventing the arming of thousands
crease his force. In a short spam of
time he had established his authority
over the railway from the Chinese
border to Crita. His force would
have grown more rapidly had it been
: llaroin sont r'ttv limitary supplies,
i t-re w ru- in lu I-'! uier" kty
j many of the higher military officers
l With the scantiest stock of ammu-
Uition3 he continued to fight and to
mointaino rdcr en the railway, un'il
General Horvath. the Russian military
commander in Harbin who, in the
beginrnig had opposed h'm. agr'Td to
give Semenoff his support.
. By this time, the position of the
German and Austrian prisoner?, who
on L-,emenorr s ammunition was giv
ing out and his men were in want of
food and clothing. But for th fact
that two of the Allied countries ad-
! w'H see their way eiar to render such
assistance as will emrde him to coc-
tinue fighting.
. i -
. r
li
ft ItVjv - "
"Linear Miles, 1,044,686. Tire Miles, 4,178,744."
Thus runs the log: of the SIX FLEETS as ii sums up the leagues on
leagues traveled by the Goodrich Test Cars in their nation wide tire-testing
cruise of 1917. That grand total marks the mileage high tide of tire making.
Read in it the dawn cf a new understanding cf tire service, the rise cf a
new tire standard which includes all other standards Th2 TESTED of
i)
3
The cola fiffores of the loj underwrite the
lactin,- strength of Goodrich Tires; fcr no
tire could hlxlj a v.-ea!iness in that mul
tiplied rrJ
Those
tirts stand surety forG jodrich Tires of 1318.
-..-. Fcr 1518 Goodrich
iVi'j' Tires ioo!i at their
li i gi.-nTcus, masterful size
I, Pr.-kvh.sn:r.t at any Gocirich dcol:r
It rr?,r:?Ter!S -took the bulk Of th3
r -n to -"in. c
T i R I F T
I- T A M P S . S
revf-h
i
if
ti;e
mi
CITY
Upper Main St.
Bisbee
MGOKEY CHARGES
FRAUD FN ATTEMPT
TO ESCAPE DEATH
(fiirtlnnul from P.iee On.)
r!ed VcXntf sttid h' won'd at,pe;l and
declared that the case rouU be rar
riej to the fnitd S'ates supreme
court on the ground that Mooney was
being deprived of his life without d.ie
process of law. An appeal to the
hv.'Mesf court jas Cf.nstilered a remote
contingency bv Mc.Xult. who cnnteid
cd thHt iie h:id ample evidence to sup
port his ihrrae (,f fraud, tmd that l is
n o'irn v.onhl allowed i;i the lower
courts.
The prosecution objected strenu
ously to McXntt's proposed motion.
District Attorney Charirs M. Fickert,
wno war ciiPp-e,, v.itli fraud in tne
nonce, sai'l mat II .Mooney ums not
seritereej to death when the case
was ci.lh'd Thursday he would apnea!
to the rtyte supreme court for a writ
of mandate to compel Jnd.re GritTin
to reseti'e-ice hii, to hfng.
Thn nffidavits to suuport th
charne of fraud were filed by McX'ilt
with his 'notice, 'i iiv were made .y
Mooney himself, William H. Smith,
acting inspector of the Oakland, t'al
i'on)i:, j.idi(e department, and F. J:.
Itiyill of Gr.ivville. Illinois, who de
dared that efforts to imliice him to
tc-tify falsely auairst Mooney had
heen made bv F. C. Oxmnn of Oregon.
Oxmtia was a n ats-ria! witners against
Mooney and w.is acquitted later of
i attempted suhon.at Ion o" i eriurv
in
connecti n with RI-:al!'s charaes.
WAR SPIPJT
MARKS CHAUTAU
QUA PROGRAM
(Continued frcin Fare One)
are by men who have been at th"
, front, who have ?ecn er.nd'tions v.'.
I t'ey actually exist, and who know
of the thincs they describe. These lcc
! tares will reach the people, will offer
something to everyone of h'e district.
ami win nmi a people readied in no
ether way and through r.o other
1 means.
On the first nidit the attractions
will begin at 7:.0 o'clock, when the
Old Soldier Fiulers will give a pa
triotic "progm4,. This .will be fol
lowed at S:"0 o'clock by a lecture,
fr to the entire district, by Colonel
i E. D. Swinton. inventor of tlie British
tank, and cne of
the greatest war
authorit'es of the world. His address
h::s been arranged through the Lib -
ertv Loan committee for this district
and will be without charge. The f iiau.
FRENCH BUILD SHIP
Tiy Iteylew r.ense.t Wire)
TMBI?, April rS. The larg.ru
"roighter ':i the French mercantile
r iarii.e sen ice was launched at Dun
kirk ycterdi'y r.nd now Is safe in a
Fie:ici ,-..rt remote from the fighting
:.one. it is 4."" fpet !cn,r and is of
.13,100 tos li -placement.
v .-. r f v n a
k fit-1 p KSi te: y
oftiie-Test Car Fleet
fej t-si tnsytef),0.
TESTEOHtijKTI&tgS
BLACK SAFETY TIiEAI?, acJ
S1L ER1X)T.T CCrJ?5,ilia:!snsei awry
handicap cf r.-cJ r.r..' weather, unj
records ar.J the
f:tst deper-Jabi:: u..
durcbllif.'.
You ttjJ 2 the yy:r
guarantee of rv:r. f i ur.d
pure gold. i.Ciz- u ,-cr
guarantee for t:rc a-:d
gsin economy, corr.."cr and
freedom from tire crJshaps.
Demand "A m c r i -j a'3
Tested Tires."
ninfj. The
ir.f-jjLTstl up ;o C:l tbi
c:vl added new virtues.
d. f. c-oodrich rubber compa::
OF GOODRICH.- AKRON, OHIO. : :- ' 1, '
Auto Company
AGENTS
tauMiia has consented to the use of
its tent for the occasion.
Many other great attmctions will
be provided, including the following:
. Fenwiek Xewell Concert company;
"Meaning of ihe Great V;ir." lecture
by Dr. ('. J. Bushn"!l: "Remaking the
Kentucky Mountains'" lecture by
James A. Burns; lecture. "Xecds of
the Hour." ' Judge George D. Allen;
Plays of Our Allies, bv Lucerne Plav
er; Zedder Symphonic Quintet: Il
lustrated lecture, Charles Crawford
I Gorst, the bird man: lecture extraordi
nary, bv C.iptrin J. M. de Beaufort;
1 Musi" P;y. when the Cliautauuua
band and f-.rand oner-i artists will ilo
livir so'veial concerts; special Sun
day services and vespers, followed by
, Lincoln U Wirt. I). !.. government
. accredited lecturer who will speak on
"With Our Armies in Europe;" go
: erpment fix id di monstniticn. Mother
Goose fi,sjivill for t;ir
'kiddies." and
many other tonally Interesting and
i valuable at'rr.ctions.
1 Guarantors of the chautauiiua in
this district are exerting every influ
ence to make h occasion cue of the
: most successful in the history of the
J community. Their names follow:
, C. F. Pilbrool;. G. E. Kelloeg. R. E.
Warner, Geo. H. Cobbe. L. J. Overlock.
Arthur Xotman. Thos. A. Egan. Char-
lotta Meyer. Julius .1. Dugal. C. S.
, Thrmpson. F. K. Bennett. W. Dd
i bridge. A. B. Richardson. Jessie Yoak
um. J. C. Ryan. M. W. Tverrill. J. F.
i Currv. O. W. Brandon. Henry Poppen.
jW. P. Sime. L. R. Bail-v. Sam Kyle.
H. W. Theme. B. T. Va1kin3 Roht.
. Henne.ssy. X. . Bledsce. J. R. Hender
ison. A. !t. M'ller. J. A. Ranrourt, E.
Marks. F. S. Cuidiff. F. W. Bitter. J.
! M. Lyons. H. Hathens'jn, C. Marcellus,
i Tl:eo. A. pil'her, Brophy Garage.
IQfJM
Number 40 Is Safe
Dr. Fritz Iesser. of Berlin, C Tmany.
reports the death of 16 patients out
i0f
18 who received injections of a
nostni'ti known as salversan or 006.
Post-mortem revealed arsenic poison
ing. If you valivs your life do not
submit to injections of arsenic and
mercury when you can secure a safe
remedy like Number 40 For The Blood,
the ingredients of which are s?t down
In the V. S. Dispensatory and other
medical works as follows: "Em-ployed
in diseases of the glandular system, in
blood noison. mercurial and lead nois-
' oning. scrofula, chronic rheumatism
. am- catarrh, constipation, stomach and
, liy-r troubles. Under its use nodes,
' tumors, glandular swellings, sores, ul
cers and skin eruptions that have with-
stood ail other treatment disappear as
if by magic. Made by J. C. Menuen
hall. Evans ville. Ind.. 40 years a durg
gist. Sold exclusively in Bistre at cen
tral Pharmacy, opposite Orpheum; in
Lowell, by Lowell Drug Co.; in War
ren, by Warren Drug Co.; in Douglas,
by Owl Drug Co. Adv.
ig i.J. , - .1.1-
i j4 i y,
u
Urn
I
, t
rm
li
:
1
fl
:
14
1 .)r Yen 3- Tr.U
Ru (ram Coxlhctl Dwkf I .
Phone 5 FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, APRIL 28, 1918.
KJBLISHED EVERY DAY EXCEPT MONDAY BY THE
STATE CONSOLIDATED PUBLISHING COMPANY.
Cl'LLEN A. CAIN Editor ana oeiur.il Manager
MEM3ER ASSOCIATED PfiESS
Tiie Associated ITess is exclusively entitled to the
use for republication of all news dispatches credited 1o
it or not otherwise credited to this paper and aiso the
local news published herein.
All rights of republication of special dispatches herein
are also reserved.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES, PAYABLE IN ADVANCE:
PER MONTH .75
THREE MONTHS ....
SIX MONTHS
TWELVE MONTHS
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per year
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per quarter
2.25
4.00
7.50
2.50
.75
No Subscription Taken For Less Than 75 Cents.
Newspapers have been very patriotic
since this country entered the war; in fact
too much so for their own good. The re
sult is that they are being ridden to death,
especially by the government. Publicity
men by the hundred have been hired to get
up and send out special and many brands of
publicity. Carloads of this stuff are sent to
the papers every day. It is all to be printed
free. Every one of a score of boards and
councils and organizations engaged in gov
ernmental work are asking and receiving
free space to advertise everything the gov
ernment ha3 for sale and to ask for every
thing the government wants to use. 1 hat
is alright. A newspaper that won't help
its government gladly in time of war ought
to be suspended. But still, it is not well to
ride a free horse to death. The govern
ment is paying for everything it uses in
the war except publicity. In fact, it is pay
ing more and more for these things every
day. Paying more for labor; more for
freight; more for food; more for steel;
more for powder ; more for ships ; more for
wood; more for paper. Ah, there's the
rub. So are the newspapers paying more
for paper. It costs a newspaper to produce
publicity, just as it costs a dealer to provide
steel or wood or food or transportation.
Every government agent in the country or
head of a board or council, leans upon the
newspapers of his town or district like a
man upon a stout staff, and they fail him
not. Space worth millions has been given
free and gladly, and millions more will be
given. But they are riding this horse to
death. The last blow was when the gov
ernment, controlling the railways, ordered
them to cease spending money for news
paper advertisements. What will the gov
ernment do for a publicity horse after it
, has ridden the newspaper horse to death ?
Tuesday night of this coming week will
witness the opening of a big chautauqua
program in the Warren district. Advance
sale of tickets for the course has been light.
Now the business men cf the district have
signed a contract with the chautauqua peo
ple guaranteeing a certain seat sale. Much
less than half of this guaranty has been
met. Many people have been found who
oppose a chautauqua this year on account
of the war. But the chautauqua, like ev
erything else in the nation, industry,
amusement and society, has been turned
to war work. This Warren district chau
tauqua program is a war program. Most
of the speakers have great war messages to
relate to us. They are men who have
viewed and studied the war at first hand.
Chosen men. Strong and forceful men.
Aligned with great singers and entertain
ers; backed by a fine military band, they
come to us to spur us on to greater resolu
tion and more supreme effort in carrying
on this war. President Wilson himself has
written to the lyceum bureaus commend
ing their war program:? and urging them to
go on with their useful work in stirring the
nation to combat the Hun with all its force.
Upon every moving picture screen and
from every theatre stage and public plat
form and pulpit, grand service has been
done in behalf of our war work; practical
service as well as the inspiration of picture
and story.. The gay entertainers of the land
are doing their full part with parable and
purse. It is estimated that movie actors
have sold and themselves subscribed war
bonds away up in the millions. Harry Lau
der, the vaudeville performer, has been a
tower of strength for the allies in this war.
And so it is with the chautauqua. Calling
the people together to amuse them, it also
heartens and stirs and impels them to a
supreme patriotism. This chautauqua pro
gram, therefore,' should have the hearty
and united support of the district during
the next week.
B.id news continues to come from the
Flanders fighting front. Nothing but bad
news. We have lost Mt. Kemmel, one of
the most important posts along the line. A
regiment of French tried to hold it against
an aimy, and, ?js was perfectly natural,
they succumbed, after the most gallant de
fense in the annata of heroic deeds in all
the world. As to why thu regiment was
not reinforced this deponent saith not, for
he knows not. Kemmel was a vital point
It has withstood ten assaults already. It had
been known for weeks that it was a Ger
man objective. Doubtless if the allies had
had the men they would have held it.
Foch's strategy is as yet unrevealed. His
cards are still in his hand. A mere fringe
of French and English troops are holding
the front lines against hordes of German
soldiers. Not even at points that have been
under overwhelming pressure for weeks
have the allies massed troops in large num
bers to hold these positions. High ground
as well as low has been given up day after
day before superior numbers. In modern
war no high ground can be taken except
by thousands over hundreds. In spite of
continued reverses and a monotous dirge
of bad news and the steady German ad
vance up to and past danger points, this
column steadfastly believes that Foch
holds the trump card still in his strong,
swift, skilled hand, and then when he plays
it he will sweep the board.
I County Briefs Brief State Notes
I lesident A. G. Smith of the Cochise, Th0 thrift stamp committee com-!
i County state bank of Benson, was in j pc3Cj o women of tr. j Presbyterian!
, I or.-L-,tono Thursday. f church of Phoenix selling stamps in)
I ithe vicinity of the Adams hotel went j
; i a .e Adams and party left W'iilcox ; over the top Wednesday reaching the1
lor Texas Wednesday where they will ; r-niarkable total of J3.SG145 for the j
lccr.imei.;e drilling for oil in earnest i jay. Tne WOik has been going on for!
! - n the property of Mr. Adams. They
expert to bring in flowing wells with-
'l a short time.
)!r?. i:). Nevin, and daughter, Mrs.
E. K. Springer, have gone to Doug
las, from Tombstone where they will
make their future home Mr. Springer
having seeure demployment there, for
the present. Their many friends In
Tombstone regret to see them leave.
At the Liberty Day celebration Friday
the pupils of the Loretto school of Bisbce
sang "Joan of Arc, They Are Calling You."
This was the finest moment of the entire
day. The trained voices and inspired faces
of these children who sang with eyes up
lifted to the skies as though to seek to see
the gfeat saint of their church whom they
besought, thrilled the audience in City Park
to inspiration. It is a beautiful song, both
in music and the appeal of the verse. And
it is dedicated to the warrior maid cf
France, the most noble and the most lovely
that ages have produced. Joan of Arc
saved France more than a thousand years
ago, and her spirit lives on, worth more
than an army today in the war to save
France from her foe. Sentiment is as much
stronger than brute force as the Lewis gun
is stronger than the club of the cave man.
Five weeks ago today the great battls
began in France. Five weeks of almost
ceaseless slaughter with the Germans bear
ing the bulk of it. And yet not a peep from
Germany in protest. We see the real Ger
many now. It is a nation dazzled by con
quest, lustful of power and counting no
cost against a complete victory. We have
heard much of the loss of German morale
the past three years, but it was never high
er or better than right now. In the zenith
of her strength Germany is charging the
western nations with a bull rush. Appar
ently untouched in strength and undrained
in resources by the blockade, she presses
on. Only the supreme of resolution, unity
and courage can break this rush and wound
the blonde beast in a vital spot.
The German general staff announced
that the attack upon and capture of Seiche
prey was made "to terrify the Americans."
But the German general staff has made rio
public comment or announcement regard
ing the recapture of this same village by
the Americans the next day and the res
toration of their lines to original positions.
German odds took the village; American
courage re-took it. And they say that an
American cook, knocked senseless by a
shell explosion in the midst of his own pots
and kettles, recovered and fought with a
rifle until he was killed. Vive le cook!
Talk about your knights of old! That
cook's family should have a coat of arms
upon which should be emblazoned a round
white cap and apron and a frying pan ram
pant, like a lion, and crossed with a rifle.
No famous shield of a fighting house of old
France or England was braver or better
won.
A Socialist paper circulated from Globe
has for its slogan the repudiation of our
war debt. This stand is identical with the
action of the Bolsheviki of Russia who re
pudiated their war debts to their allies,
both moral and financial, as soon as they
gained control of the government. By
these wild eyed and irresponsible methods
a great nation was wrecked and lost to the
cause of humanity. It is likely that this
Socialist organ will be suppressed by the
government on a charge of hampering and
hindering war activities.
And now comes forward the bishop of
London and urges the clergy of Eng'and
to enlist in the army. 'Tis a holy war and
the church militant is as strong today a3 it
was when the knights of the temple fought
to save the holy sepulchre from the hea
then. From almost every pulpit in Ameri
ca preachers, regardless cf creed, , have
thundered against the ! Inn and urged
vigorous prosecution of the war to the end.
Mrs. A. X. Whlsler has purchased
ti e W. F. Nichols lumber yard at VVill
ccs and is now sole owner and pro
prietor thereof. This is the oldest
lar.Xer yard In Willcox: in fact the
only one until about eight years ago.
It was established in 1SS1.
C. A. Overlock of Douglas has been
notified that hi3 sons, Alton and Low
rll. are in Europe, the former in Lou
den and the latter somewhere in
Fiance. Alton Overlock is an -aviation
mechanic and Lowell is with the
infantry. I!oth boys are well known
in this city.
According to word received in
Tombstone by Judge W. A. Fowler
'lid broth t Frank Fowler their moth
er. vt,o resides in San Jacinto. Calif.,
whirh was visited by earthquake on
Sundry, lost her home and almost
rll her belongings in the tremor.
. ud?c Wt::. Monmoner of Pearce was
In Tombstone yesterday having busi
ness b?f're the superior court. Judge
Mcnmonier is one of Cochise county's
p;oneers. and has many old time
friends in TombstonJ He reports
that P-rarce and the valley will over
rubscribe thcii quotas, and that
I'earce will have at least two stars
fn their honor flag.
two weeks and will continue until May
1.
Articles of incorporation were filed
yesterday in the office of the Mate cor
poration commission by the following:
Pima Wrecking and Salvage company.
Consumers Coal and Mining company.
Ideal Mining and Milling company.
New Buckeye Oil and Refining com
pany. Apache Oil and Development
company, Arizona Sunshine Gold and
Copper company.
4 By GJllenA.Cgrin,l
The Soldier Man
and the Fretty
M. T. Grelp, state chairman of the
hotel and restaurant division sent a
telegram to the food administration at
Washington yesterday showing the fol
lowing savings reported by the hotels
and restaurants of Arizona for the
month of March: Mat, 42.366 pounds;
flour, 63,221 pounds; sugar, 21.C33
pounds; butter, 623 pounds; lard 2.424
pounds.
! disturbed at such an hour in such a
i w ay."
1 he citizen talked like a man who
blue Lyed Baby ' quiet, patient men are the worst of all
I men when aroused to the danger
Coming ba-k from Tucson the other ! polnt:, S the "wnpaper man ha. a
day on an Kl Paso Southwestern I Penc.l sharpened and ready to write
train, the newspaper man saw a big' le bltua,ry ' na in nd f?
bronzed soldier man in the seat across Phonograph player in case he should
the aisle sitting by his wife and held-r ,raoived a,ln b w ' d and
ing his baby in his arms. And it was wi,ked deslrQe hls machine bo
t!,e cutest little baby that ever this ' early on a 3bbatn .
newspaper man did see. Milk whfte ' T
with big blue eyes and a tow head 1 WnO Planted
and a dimpled smile. And it formed
such a contrast to its brawny dad.
For this soldier man had evidently
been on guard duty down on the bor
der through at least a season of win-
One Glebe woman was a victim of ! !er ind aml "ummer sun. His skin
naa oeen aone to a perfect ox blood
This Tree in
the Desert to Die?
the earthquake which rocked Southern ""? J" " ao,le lo a iwriect ox D
California, according to a telegram re- ff""sn nd " made ,n8 naturally h
Mivl in C.lnhe Mrs I. K Curt. 'lur "' "arsjier sua.
wright, sister of Robert McBroom and
niece of B. F. Crawford, died as a
result of the tremblor. Mr. McBroom
In the desert down below Bisbee
near the Mexican boundary- line,
where the mesquite fighta a draw
arsh battle with the red sand, is a tree
! fenced in four snnare hv nnats and
They made quite a picture, this sol-1 barbed wire. This newspaper man
dier man and his baby. He
large, the haby so small:
was
he
received the message". According to ! br and rough and stern, the baby
Vinton Hays of Willcox is now on
the Pittsburg, a second class cruiser,
snd stationed somewhere on the
South American coast. The steamer
which carried him from Norfolk to
Mi destination was the transport
C r'ops which is now reported lost.
I He writes that there are two other
j'Arior.?. boys on the Pittsburg, one
."r:m Thoc-nix and the othr from Mis-bee.
J:rs. John Rock of Tombstone last
ruin? entertained a number of
iriemla ct a dinner narty at her cozy
rome on Fyunh street in honrr of J.
D"zcant. one of Tombstone's boys,
who departs soon for the aviation
'orr.:-. of the army. Those present
ver: Miss Dlle Gandy. Miss EtfiMa
Candy, .1. C. Dugeaut and Jas. Gia
'fnn Mr. Ditgeaut left today for
Washington, Inuring received orders
yes-terday to depart at once.
A construction crew of the Moun
tain Slates Telephone & Telegraph,
company are at Willcox and will re
r.inin for about six weeks. They will
n.Tke a number of new installations in
t'nis section as well as a number vi
i:-. pr-jvernonts at Willcox.
Jes McComb, who has been sta
tioned at Camp Funston during the
winter, passed through Willcox Sun
day going west. No one seemed to
i:now his dentination. He has for the
laFt four months been attending the
officers' Training school.
The state road department, with Col.
Cy Perkins in command, is running a
line of tanks between the narrows
and Tombstone. They have taksn
trench pt'ter trench and their outposts
r.ra neariv to the San Diego smelter
the meagre advices, Mrs. Curtwright
was In her home at 1021 Lincoln
street, Los Angeles, when the Bhock
occurred. She fainted and never re
covered consciousness.
An indictment was returned by the
federal grand Jury sitting in Phoenix
on Wednesday against Gus A. Streitz
and Richard F. Parthuni, charging
them with violating Section 8 of the
immigration laws, by harboring and
concealing an alien enemy in the per
son of Alfred Titterman, a German, in
Phoenix, last December. Boh are in
the county Jail, as the amount of their
bonds have not yet been fixed by the
court.
so wake and smooth and mild. His
khaki suit was duntv and showed
does not know of what variety is this
tree. He is not yersed upon trees.
It is of peculiar growth, shape, bark
and twig. But there the shrub stands
protected by a fence, the only one
signs of hard wear. The baby's dress ) visible from this spot though one
of fluffy white linen and lace sprayed ' sweep the horizon with the naked eye.
over the khaki sleeve like the foam j There Js no mound within this lit
of a water fall upon a mountain rock, tie enclosure that might suggest a
War and Peace sat here together. The grave or hallowed spot. The tree was
hard bitten fighting man and the soft, evidently transplanted here by some
sweet little baby. Yes, they made I careful hand and given protection ol
quite a picture, and the newspaper I a kind against any cattle that might
man could not keep his eye off the j stray this way.
pair. Beside them sat the wife and The little shrub Is only a few steps
mother, a pleasant faced, attractive ! from the road and is bound to at
looking little lady, and she divided tract the attention of any driver pass
lier adulation, if a newspaper man ing that way. But whoever planted
might judge, between her soldier and ' It left no sign or token by which one
her baby. j might know why he took such pains
And it was also noticeable that this j and trouble to plant and protect a
young soldier, who had been drilled 1 tree In a spot where soil and climate
for months in digging trenches and ! had ordained before hand that it
jcaia,. ... !,.,, , j;
quiet and peaceful, again have taken ' -
I Kuvntuh uatiK tiivic luau vuvo v
Arizona Indians, for a score of years
i it'is for the enforce-! ha,ld,,ed F1'1' of J u-
pea and not for "inRly and deftly as any flres.de
father with a half dozen children
up warfare but
ment of world peac?
numbers in the armv and navv and are ! m.'Bllt "a,v,e dolf : ' e c"dled " n
" ... . .. .., ,.-. ... , i his arm like a bird in a bough. He
sailors. Many stalwart lads from the
the spt, the newspaper man was
moved to much reflection upon this
strange circumstance. In the old, old
days pious people were wont to erect
Phoenix Indian industrial tc'.iool now
are afloat, finding the life v -ry attrac
tive, according to their letters home.
A number of them have secured added
grade and pay through detail to trades
tfc'ey learned at the school. Possibly
it may seem strange to see an Apache
in a sailor's blue uniform, but it merely
shows that he has become an Amer
ican and has passed the tribal age.
The M -xican portion of the popu
lation of Christmas has been threaten-
ing the shooting of Deputy Sheriff
Frank, of that place on April 9. Mr.
Cree, manager of the company store,
received a letter signed "A Mexican."
giving the names of eleven other Mex
icans who were plotting to burn the
honvw of the four men who took the
most prominent part in the pursuit of
Sanchez. The authorities of Winkel
man and Hayden were notified and
several armed deputies spent the night
in Christmas guarding the place. The
following day the plotters were round
ed up and driven out of camp.
manouverd the long dress with rare shrin by the roadside, and at these.
craft and nestled and cuddled and i other pious pilgrims stopped to medi
shifted that little one wVh most ad-j tate and to pray. But the world to
minihle skill. j day is too busy and too matter of
And it was aiso to be notked that' fact for these little things that make
the harsh and forbidding face became: men step and think about the dark
very gentle as it looki d down a the ' mystery out of which they came and
soft fair little face, and the keen, I of the impenetrable veil behind which
bold glance became most mild as it tney soon must pass,
locked into the blue d-pt';3 of the i Of course, the newspaper man may
La! ''"- laughing eyes. j be tryina to weave sentiment and
Some soldier man he was. hie and : mystery about some plain matter of
rough and strong, with a leather face, fact thing, but fce prefers to have it
that way.
BENSON ITEMS
lSMi-ial In The Iit-vii-w)
and a weather-worn khaki outfit. Some j
baby it was, white and fair and soft '
constant gurgle and
coo. just to show its dimples. ( lose i j
together, these two faces, and yet ash
far apart ss the winter blast of death 'j
in the mountain gorges and the sum-;'
nier softness in the sunkissed dells, j
Stern force in one glance and wonder- ;
Int innocence in the other. Hut j in the sunlight and the moonlight,
strangely alike at times, with the in the low hung oesert starlight,
same love liht in Iwitn when the sol-j stands an old forsaken 'dobe,
dier bent low over the little tow head Like a grim, distorted dream;
anil forgot all about ramps and courts i And its lidless eyes look westward,
and battles. Arid so it is the world j its low ceiling seeus. and crumbles.
Poet's Corner
THE RUINED 'DOBE
I
over, and always has been and always
will be, a real soldier's arm will nat
urally cradle for a hah's head; a real
soldier's eye will soften with love be
fore a babys laugh, and a real sol
dier's strength and sternness turn to
water before a kiddie's compelling
rail.
M.n'.l.nH that 1 11C uensil
-1, . "5 .-.w-n The ' sn lly Purchased a car of cement and they
U1 j ."";'. . .. are mitt n?
The Benson Canal company recent-
are putting in a cement dam.
A Most Unseem-
l)!og(i wash and Alex Met argo s resi
dence. The tanks that Cy runs arc
rot the Knglish battle kind but are
tanks for the hauling of Huaehuaea
water for use in concrete culverts on
the new state highway and for tne
...,.,.,..t,; .ho tiling of man and beast.
' ' It is rumored that I!ens?n is soon
i x. .. L-,,rt!, rf Jnlv! It to have a n?w $250.0'i0 smelter. If
i . r I T n l . itmn nt-nl'Ou rt kn n i t i ill
may be a little early to start entering. .7",CV L, .
hut v.e have heard that there Is eo
be a grand and glorious celebration
I in Cochise Stronghold this year on
itne Fourth, given under the auspivs
r,f the K' d Cross and Cochise coumy
Some of the farmers under the
Benson canal are cutting their hay.
The main crop won't be cut till alter
the first of May.
be a great boon to this section.
ly Hour for a
Phonograph Concert
The Benson Canning company hava
arranged for quite an acreage of toma
toes. It Is the intention o.' the ,-o:;i-
ai m bureau. All of the net proceeds pany to put as much canned g30ds
rre to go to the Red Cros s, l nere
will be a barbecue and nports of all
kinds, with a good time assured to
all. The Stronghold is a beautiful and
historic place and it will be a pleas
ure to all to spend a day among the
oaks and sycamores.
as pe(ssthle on the market, tninklu;
in this way to help food conservation.
The farmers in the Point rcne dis
This newspaper man found a Pis
bee citizen, the otiier day, who was
full of wrath. This citizen above re
ferred to is usually a most mild and
amiable gentleman, and the
anger that bubbled from him like
water from a spring aroused both the
astonishment and curiosity of the
newspaper man. The citizen was not
lcath to explain.
"1 room in the Copper Q;ieen An
nex," he said, "and last Sunday morn
ing, about four o'clock, I was aroused
by loud and angry voices raised In
bitter altercation. Wishing to plav
trict have in about 3.(0 acres of w heat ' 1,10 Pn peacemaker, if possible. I
Albert Conwell, a well knewn Doug
las boy. for some time an engineer at
the C. Q. smelter power plant hero,
under former Master Mechanic A. K.
Adamoii, has been made superin
tendent o' the Pachaca electric power
plant of the Cerro de Paseoe Mining
company, Oroya. Peru, S. A. His
mother, Mrs. S. A. Conwell of 16
Kighth street, is a resident of Do'.ig-
l:s and has lately returneu irm
which is looking fine. .Most of I.
wheat which is looking fine. Most
jof this wheat is being raised for thj
l.ugic .Mining company 01 i ucsou.
I'rof. II. Q. Robertson, principal of
the Henson I'nion high school, has
been re -employed. His contract runs
for two years and bis salary was in
creased and he is employed for the
entire year instead of ten months as
heretofore.
irose nastily una slipping on my j
trousers and. bathrobe hurried out'
into the hallway.
"Imagine my surprise', if you can,
when, after a hasty leok around, I
could see no one in bight. There did
not appear to be a soul stirring in
that hotel, not etn a mouse, except
myself. I was jusi hi cintiing to (Yon
der if 1 had not been a victim of a
nightmare, when suddenly, from a
nearby room there came pouring
! through tile transom the metallic
' notes of a bold and bra.en throated
While the bats hang down like dusty
rags
From one long rafter beam.
In the old, forsaken 'dobe.
Lizards dart, all green and golden.
And the rattier trails its diamond
length
Along the earthen fIoorv
And an old. blind, limping pinto.
Fumbling 'mong the rocks and rubble,
In the fury of the sand storm
Stumbles through the gaping door.
In the old forsaken 'dobe
Coyotes slink and barn ow ls slither,
And the swoop of seeking buzzard
Haunts the pinon scented air;
On the hearth a ruby cactus
Bloom a strangely twisted candle,
When the wind from off the mesa
Makes its petals flame and flare.
On a shelf within the 'dobe,""
There are cirps of clay, soft colored.
In a nook, a cedar cradle.
And a thimble, and a glove.
While around the ruins, mountains,
Purpled with the w ine of shadow,
Cast a wistful benediction
On the broken dream of love.
Jennie Harris Oliver in Contempor
ary Verse.
The Topeka Bridge conipanv have
eral months' stay in I.es Angeles and large force of men working on the phonograph. It was playing what i.-,
I Ocean Park. His sister 'Mrs. iite ; new concrete oruige wuicp is oein, caneu a taiKing record, ine words
tliot,, foil- I hnilr jtrriiss the San Pedro river east ,f thi mntinlm-nUt u-prp th wimU
.MiircniMdi, aiso iciucs ... -- - i ---- - - - - -- ----- : -
., ii iu wpn known memner oi f.ieioi ueiisou. much i-iiniii-iri mi ni;i nan nearu wnen i rouseu irom
Masonic lodge.
i.i v c.rti; fill ttH Slates inspec
.... ' r ii.o f,wwi ,iministration. spent M- I". Cosby, who purchased I'.t acr
... "' . .i..'. ... i-iii,.nY lie slated :ol land a short time ayo Irom H. W.
.V.. . rn....,t h..d made a sur 'Ktz on the Benson side ot ihe river.
I Ml nit - . , ., Kn, ., ,,, ,.,u ,, rj.r HMrt
t:imi rve in r in "i ....
be one of the most up-to-date wauon , Mumbt-r to stop a finht. Listening
bridges in the county. j a moment. I could readily understand
,the deception. Ttie fellow on The
THE BLUE AND THE GRAY.
Heief to the Blue of the wind-swept
North.
When we meet on the fields of
France,
May the spirit of Grant be with you
all
As the Sons of the North advance.
Here's to the Gray of thu sunkissed
South
WLeu we meet on the fields of
France,
May the. spirit of Lee be with you all
Ai tht Sons of the South advance.
ey of the wrea
will irrigate it from the Benson canal.
This Is one of the finest tracts of land
In the distrlit and is all cleared ready
. i,,,,l utirwirl ioned the
amount tier .Zita to the population This Is one of the finest tracts of land , rUh, tlmUflU lt. ,.arly n()urs (t ,ha( j
Luseri .n the tiuota of six pounds peri
The surplus sunn
And here's to the Blue and Gray at
one.
Wher. we meet on the fields of
on rhe France.
machine was laying it off like thelMav the snirit of God be with us alt
barker for a rough house. J s tbe Sons of the Flag advance.
"In disgust I went back to bed F.OKGK MORROW MAYO. Gua
but not to sleep. The paranoiac in I ner's mate in the C S. navy.
Unit room kept that ' machine going'
miiiit'i fit-r nersou
j that is Ihe amount over anil above
jthis has been taken charge of by the
I government and Is being shipped out.
Tli.w.fore. when the orders now in
i.:ivi. f.nlved Arizona will have'
tto depend on tint present supply
for the plow. Mr. Cosby will
it to corn, melons and alfalfa .
THE RIVER
nthiruisi liiHi-i't'lll Sahhiilli m.irn I i... t.tiiv L' L'Vl lUlfk' II lYi-C
i'1"11 1 Talk about your vespers ami your J Life's like a river broad to me
Anu-lus. That fellow played every-1 That flows forever toward the sea.
The spun conm mv for sevt-,,1 ' ,lli,u-' from a l"rm M u r"s ''' Ntw culm as any tranquil sky
iron nJ nail have had J 1 . go or."' Whv " ,, d sm " an ",,l,r ("r That neve, gla.l.Hned mortal eye.
i, mi iivinwiir, mm ,. ,,..i n ( it Hangers tiarK aim lerrioie;
know. I don't. But I know on.- tlmig. Yet through the stress of troublous
micJi an hour in
rorjpay car curve. This was one of tne
.m,-t i.niii'iiriiiii: (t.iitttu ,,ti I in. vim. 111.
ii ... , in. His until the new wheat cr.ms i , . .His net concert at
; replenish the store's. will he trolu ,.., ,,,. svvr., w.Hr, agi',he ,,,orn""1 ''' hls '',st- 1 am ' As through the p-Mce of joyous days
' Low nc.essarv it t. to live up " 1 pKy (ar was wrecked here since il l"'a' ",a"- "'lining all violent e ; Korever on its wat'-rs roll
: teaiil-tHim to 'he letter or else ;,. tnil. wneral wreck, li.iw oVctirei! : " 'i-l.H i"i "' u""1,1 , S'rvieht o the everlasting goal -
iwiil to wit limit wheal Hour towaitl the jn hilllM, ,,iM,. yn, hject Is ti P'-'KUe. But Job linnsHl would l"-..s you ami I. our Journey run.
v:id ol the live moiitli period. 'eliminate the curve. 'e hanged into a netail catamount it . Will come ut last into our own. 7
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, APRIL 28, 1918.
FIVE
Helping the Folks Behind the Fighters
v jr i jr 1
2?cd Cross Home Service and What It Means to the Army
they had their uniforms! Drilted sol-
idlers now Some straw was
: brought into their barracks, after their
I bedding rolls were packed, and they
snatched a few hours' sleep on that.
I ' Before dawn a quiet order was giv
en to be at the station at such a time.
'Their barracks were on a hill some
jwhat apart from the rest; still, it was
necessary to go quietly their move
ments were not to be known to the
i rest of the camp. And these new sol-
' 1 : 1 1 1 wmi V. I i .
uifrs ui uuid "i"ui lutru luriougii,
so young In military ways, yet so su
perb in spirit, started to the station
in the blackness of the night, on their
way to France, to offer themselves
sinuing as they marched; very low, so
as not to be heard over the hill; and
yet one of their captains and the Red
Cross field director said it was the
most thrilling singing they had ever
heard, low but exultant gay songs,
wistful and triumphant at the same
time, in the quietness and the dark
ness. And so they entrained.
At the dock, before they went aboard
their transport, a card was given to
each one, giving the assurance that
the home service of the Red Cross
with all its resources was behind them
and their families to be a friend in
any kind of need and so they
had a farewell more glorious than
music and flying banners.
Cities, towns, villages, isolated
farms and cabins are learning about
the home service of the Red Cross.
To all kinds of people it comes as a
revelation of the possibilities of life
as the beginning of one of the su
preme undertakings of the world.
ASKS LAWYERS TO
AID CLAIMANTS
TO FILE CLAIMS
CHAUTAUQUA MANAGER
! LIKES THIS DISTRICT
The advance representative of Ellison-White
Chautauqua, Ralph W. An
derson, has been in the Warren Dis
trict several days making arrange
ments for the chautauqua which opens
on the chautauqua grounds at Lowell
on Tuesday evening.
"Our programs are going splendiJly
so far through Louisiana, Texas, and
New Mexico, and our audiences .are
approving of the war spirit which r.ur
speakers bring them," remarked Mr.
Anderson. 'I am from the Coeur d'
Alene mining district of Idaho, where
By MARION BONSALL DAVIS
Wherever our soldiers or sailors
are in training they are seeing or are
shortly to see a statement like this
Natice to Members of the Nation
al Army.
The American Red Cross is
prepared to be cf service to the
families of enli.'f:ed men. Scf
diers are invited to communicate
with the Red Cross field director
at Red Cross headquarters upon
any problem which may confront
their families at home. The home
service of the Red Cross is
equipped to aid In any emergency
that may arise in the home of
soldiers.
geon. He said he could help the boyja kind of dignity of patriotic observ-j
by an operation. The child was eager i ance; there was something new in
at the prospect of being like other everything an unexpected flash of '
children and he is that now, running j meaning here and there in things that;
and jumping. And the big brother in;. had just been words. They began to;
camp thinks of that every time he sees . realize new possibilities in living, new j
the si?n of the Red Cross. I possibilities in themselves. And quite
Private B at Camp seemed ! naturally there came to the man the ;
to his officers willfully stupid. The , blessed miracle of response to his '
thrilling things of the new life re j own uniform.
only terrible to him. Worry about his j Xo two famiiie8 are alike and everv
family kept taking on new fears. -If j home service storv is different from1
her allotment did not come promptly , everv otner story Tne undertaking
what would his wife do? Who would j cf safeguarding the homes of our sol
take care of her in her approaching djors and saiiors ls so vast ag Sl.areelv i
confinement? Who would take care t0 seem c.retiihle. Vet it is already so1
of the children? Would the grocer re-' al,lzed that . ,rv KOi,ii,.r' Mid sail-'
fuse credit? As the others seemed to j ors familv- may have access to home:
Red Cross might have influence with
the landlord. But the Red Cross
workers did more than bridge the fi
nancial crisis, they brought friendship
and a new sense of life to that home.
In another soldier's home the little
brother eleven years old who hau
walked on crutches all his life, fell
Ven- ouietlv. now to this soldier, catch the spirit 01 me camp, to re-' sprvjOP Anri i mn sprvirp which
now to that sailor, now to this canton- spond to the bugle and the drums and put!J the otfer of tnese resources be
ment. now to that camp, now to this i the military ceremonies when battal-1 foie everv 1Iian jn tanlPi and D- which
family, now to that community, the ions of new soldiers swung cleanly jhe tan b'r!ng his prjvate worries to
realization of what this notice means into the traditional formations to sa-, his Red cros3 f jeld director, who
has come as a great revelation as a , lute the colors he who saw new j forms brigade with home service,
new strength; as a new hold on life. ; souls born in some of them felt him-has heen established already in the
It means, briefly, that the home ser-j self outcast, reoemous. desperate,
vice and the camp service of the Red ' When the notice went up in the
Cross are charged with the duty ol j camp he saw his Red Cross field di
safeguardins the homes of the men rector. Its assurance that the Red
called to the colors safeguarding : Cross was ready to help meant, In his
them as literally, as humanly as this: case, that the young wife, who had
Several weeks after a certain sol- been so lonely and so frightened when
dier had enlisted it happened that his her allotment was delayed, had expert
wife and children were threatened ' care in that happy maternity ward in
with ejection from their home for New York always bright with kind-non-payment
of rent. A neighbor sug- ness which is the greatest profession
eested that the home service of the al pride of a group oi distinguished
pnysicians wno are proua to oner
their skill to the home service section
of the Red Cross; that the children
were tenderly cared for, meanwhile,
and money difficulties settled. But,
again, it meant much more than this.
Fcr the Red Cross home service
friends did not let that family drop,
and broke them. The family did not but continually brought new pleasures ( 0Usiness and property, home service
have enough money to buy new ones, and interest into their lives so that I has heen of j.aicuiaDie helo to thou-
and went to the home service section they came to have the invigorating , Rands of pe0ple.
of the Red Cross. The workers there sense of their part in the community, i But its supreme SPrvice is knowing
took the child to an orthopedic sur- New economics took on an interest , wnat to do wuen there is loneliness
. jn the home w here nobody conies
home at night. Home service means
' friends.
This is building the strength of an
army that cannot be broken an army
of men with their homes protected.
It is creating a new social sense in
the communities at home communi
ties that are finding themselves and
their possibilities, even as families
and individuals do.
Cue afternoon, at one of our new
cantonments, a battalion was ordered
to pack all equipment and be ready to
entrain in the night. They and their
officers had expected that they would
have a furlough before leaving, but
this could only mean one thing over
seas. They were all new soldiers. Oh.
how raggedy, how awkward, how out
of step they had been just a few
months ago in those first days before
majority of our camps and canton
ments, and soon will be in every one.
This assurance is given to every man
as he leaves for France. It is to be
in recreation huts, in headquarters, in
the hospital wards "over there."
These resources which are offered
to our defenders are the resources of
the American Red Crossv With its
tremendous force generated by 22
000,000 people; the co-operation of
great agencies of public welfare; the
voluntary services of highly skilled
professional men and women. Expert
leal advice, expert medical advice,
expert, business advice these things
are back of our men. In the matter
of information alone, in affairs ofal
lotments and war risk and other in
surance, details in connection with
'--'1 -iw. '' y
fi -V
1 I
Jf
Official Bulletin Tells Benefi
ciaries Under War Risk In
surance Law How They
Should Proceed
RALPH W. ANDERSON,
Advance Man For Chautaqua.
I reside when at home, and have of
ten heard of the famous Warren iJis
trkt of Arizona; and am more than
pleased with the prosperity which
your camps show here. Our prob
lems there are similar to your own,
and I would say that our officials have
taken valuable lessons from your
spirit and methods. We feel that con
ditions are improving there and the
entire communities of that section
are getting behii'd our government in
the war as never before. Your dis
trict is to be congratulated on your
achievements.'.
SERBIAN RESIDENTS
TO PRESENT DRAMA
r
' "
A Fortune!
Has often been made from a small investment because
it was invested in the Right Place,, at the Right Time,
in the Right Way. You can make
BIG MONEY
by investing your savings now invthe stock of The
INSPIRATION
COPPER
An investigation will prove to you that such is the
fact, and will give you indisputable evidence that ycu
cannot dodge. Engineers, geologists and mining men
that have visited the property all agree that this ij the
making of
Another Big Copper Mine
Your money invested here is in the right place. The
best chance you ever had to pile up a fortune is right
now in the shares of the Inspiration Central Mining com
pany. Investigate and let us prove it to you.
See us for full information at the
QUICK SERVICE CAFE, LOW ELL. ARIZ.
5f-jf MARINE ILO Jik !
Tr. Tonic "i !
T. . .. .. I
t. :
mi
Serbian residents of this district,
members of the Serbian National De
fense leaque. Local No. 100. will pre
vent in the near future, the drama,
Tas j Present and Future." Deci
sion to present the play was readied
at the last meeting of the local. The
proceeds wii! be devoted to the relief
of Serbian orphans and children.
A committee composed of I R. Ros
coe. chairman. Chris Vavich and John
Chukovich, will have charge of the
production and are making arrange
ments tor its presentation. The efforts
of the society along this line are sim
ilar to other movements which they
have organized In the district. Their
meetings are held in Dabovich hall.
Nearly every member of the organ
ization purchased one or more Liberty
bonds at the conclusion of the meet
ing, when a member from the door
called attention to the "stand ih
I'nlted States has taken in defense of
the oppressed." and stated he believed
Serbians should "in appreciation sub-;-cribe
to their fulest ability." The
ar.ies of subscuoers and amoun.s
will be published later by Miss Pon
iti Aumiis. who received the stib-!-
ripiions.
According to the Official liulletin
the official government newspaper, the
American Har association has written
to the permanent legal advisory
boards attached to local draft boards,
calling upon lawyers of the country to
volunteer their services wherever
beneficiaries ark assistance in pre
senting claims to the government.
The permanent legal advisory board
of Cochise county is composed cf
Judge Alfred C. Lockwood. chairman;
Attorneys W. G. GHmore, J. T. Kings
bury and Lee O. Woolery. of Tomb
stone; Pickett and Boyle of Douglas;
John Gungle of Wlllcox; and Ed Haa
igan of this city.
All of the lawyers of the county
are -volunteer members of the advis
ory board and with the exception of a
very few, have already been of great
assistance to the men in drawing up
their questionnaires. There are a few
who have been slackers in this re
spect In this city and and in different
parts of the county.
A government official who has been
approached by beneficiaries for infor
mation as to how to present claims for
Insuranre. bark pay. etc., suggests that
the Review give the public the fol
lowing Information with the sugges
tion that It be preserved for future
reference. This iR from the Official
Iluleltin:
"The Councils of De'ense, state
councils section, has addressed the
following circular letter to the several
state councils of defense:
'The secretary of the treasury has
recently condemned certain claim
agents and other persons who have
icharged an dreceived compensation
for services to beneficiaries under the
war-risk insurance law. The war inJ
npvy departments and the council of
national defense also regard this prac
ti; as unpatriotic.
Ask Lawyers' Help
"Steps have been taken to stop, these
highly reprehensible, activities. The
treasury department has drafted an
amendment which will strengthen the
law. The American Bar association
has recently written a letter to the
permanent legal advisory board, call
ing upon the lawyers oi the country
to volunteer their services wherever
beneficiaries ask for assistance in pre
senting claims to the government..
"The state councils of defense can
be of great assistance at this time by
making known to the community 'he
fact that gratuitious service is avail
able; and they should give the widest
publicity o this service.
"The council of national defense fur
ther urges upon state councils the
desir?bility of providing, through the
legal committee, voluntary aid for the'
dependents of men in the service In !
collecting allotments of pay and fam
ily allowances, arrears of pay, extra
pay. travel pay, and other moneys due
the estates of deceased soldiers jind
.-ailor;. Kinaily, the state councils if
defense should endeavor to secure the
hearty co-operation of their own leal
committees and ail oilier orjr.mi.H
tions which are undertaking to supply
free service to soldiers and sailors
and their dependents. ,
How To Proceed j
"Allotments and allowances undor
the war-risk insurance law are paid di
rectly by the treasury department to
the persons entitled theerto; .claims
for insuranre taken nt under the
law should be addressed to Bureau of
War-lUk Insurance, Trtsaury Depart
ment. Washington, D. C, claims for
arrears of pay. extra pay and travel
pay of deceased soldiers and sailors,
and all other claims, should be ad
dressed to Auditor for the War De
partment, Washington. D. C. The de
partments involved will give to ?11
such claims as prompt attention as the
activities of the bureau will permit."
Newbro's Herpicide
SAVES AND
BEAUTIFIES
THE
HAIR
Bright, lustrous, snappy
hair adds more to personal
appearance than anything
else.
The naost
Decisive
Results
follow the use of
Newbro's
Herpicide
Even the first appli
cation is convincing
MEN
with shaggy hair and dandruff
covered shoulders are always
discounted. Your appearance
has a money value. Djn't let it
it prciate.
Use Herpicide
DO IT NOW
'f. , - i-
Send 1C.5 cents for sample and
booklet today. Address. The
erpicide Co., Dept. 1633. De
troit, Michigan.
Sold by Drug and Dep't Stores
Refuse Substitutes
Applications at the better bar
ber shops.
Guaranteed by The Herpicide Company, Detroit, Mich.
7 i VS.
f.J'S .t 4 9 , II ' Mil 3 l:E
ss!immi:'niii:;: Lii'iiifiiiiiidltlithiTrin
w
Aft
TIEES
MARINE LL0
irw freparation.
Amazing results.
Clranses sc.itp anti'
n plfCtiily. Mops tall
inn hair. Khminates
and prevenlsdanriruff.
Krducrs oily condition.
Knlivei.3 Krowih. ln
fturoa abundance of
lust rous, healthy. heavy
hiur.
McDonald's
Phone 305
m
m
111
QUALIFY AS OFFICERS
The Survival of The Fittest
DIAMOND Squeegee Tread Tires are now the only
standard brand tires on the market made with hand
some Black Tread and Red Sides.
Others, imitating Diamond in color combination, have
failed to pass the strenuous tests of quality demanded by
actual service. They imitated color only Diamond quality
they could not duplicate.
Thus always ivilh imitations!
Motorists who drove on Diamonds in 1917 and previ
ous 3'ears demand Diamond mileage again in such num
bers that our factories are taxed to capacity.
For "Better Than Average Mileage at Less Than
Average Cost," see a Diamond Distributor.
The Superior quality of Diamond Inner
1 ubea has never been imitated
ThcJMamond Rubber
AKRON. OHIO
L
Lccal-Distributcrs
1 PHELPS-DODGE MERCANTILE CO.
I Phone 550 J
a
'ilMi
LiiLw'uaiiiiL
' t I i 1 1 i ; t M i t i I ( ! ' I I-
(l!v Heview I.rnSPit Wire)
WAKIMNi: TON. April 7. Anio.iK .
several men frdin west of the Missouri
tiwr at the third oiriierx' traiuinu I
uni at ('aiii Zai hery Tayliir. near
l.nniM iile. Ky.. aiilHiiinced today by
Hie Hilintant Kenernl olTice as havin : I
riuiiilii d us Kermd lieiltenHllts were: j
lnl'::niry: Alexander. Fred ('.: V.'1-I
H'lihur. Cold.: and Strmib, Otto T..
Ainarillo Trxix. '
Field arlilleiv: Wood. Charles t'..'
t l iil If Creek. Coin. ;
REVIEW WANT AOS
BRING RESULTS - 1
LIBERTY BOND HONOR ROLL j SUPERIOR COURT
tp tr t y
HELPING HALT HUN HORDES
Especial attention is called by J. ' Clarence Hobsou 100.00
X. Gaines, chairman of the Liberty 1 J. G. Jacobs
loan drive for this county, to a meet-! James K. Fraser
ins of the general committees of thejGus (.'reasey
Warren District In the Commercial ( John Heed ,
acting ! divorce, (.it the i;roJ!ids of
lovri U:n '
Jos do la Lit- lto:r.ero vs. Alexander,
IK:ii?Ih.-. iii tinii i'ir tltimafK. in which
ithe plaintiff alleges that the defendant
while intoxicated and driving an auto-1
mobile, ran into the plaintiffs auto- j
mobi'-? and damaged it. together with
the loss of plaintiffs use of same for
' .considerable time, which he used as
o f r- TV A' 8 ' for n'IP" car. to the damage of
ocycii xBases I or Livurtc mc, about $45.00
r:i-J f- - T J i C I Hassjiyampa Creamery Co.. vs. A. T.
A 1-V4. vaOC 1 llvU I W
HEARS NUMBER OF
CIVIL ACTIONS
NEXT TRAINING CAMP
OPEN ONLY TO TiiOSE
WITH MILITARY PAST
club rooms at 8 o'clock Monday eve
ning. This will be the moit import
ant meeting of the campaign and a
full attendance of committee chair
men and committeemen, is urged.
The nurpose of the meeting, as ex-
Hen l'embertoii
Mr. and Mrs. Joe Haan
Kdith lJimbert
George Mieyr
Clarence K. Wittig ...
Elizabeth S. Wittig ...
Case Tried to
Aside Deeds. Damage Case
Against Western Union
plained by Mr. Gaines, is to check i William Onle
up the work already accomplished,
determine what is to be done, out
line the five-day final lightning cam
paign, prepare lists of slackers an-l
persons upon whom it will be neces
sary to make a second call, appoint
a vigilance committee to handle the
slackers and others bordering on near
slackers, to prepare for the clean-'tp
drive in the district, and to make as
near as possible the burden in the
district proportionate to population
and ability to purchase. The work will
require the attention and close co
operation of every committee mem
ber. Naeo Over Top
With the filing of their second list
of subscribers with Mr. Gaines yes
terday the border city of Xaco lias
gone over the top, and added to its
possessions a federal Honor Flag. Mr.
Gaines telegraphed to Dallas yester
day for the flag, and it will be de
livered with the names and amounts
lof purchases will be published not
later than Thursday of next week. In
making the announcement the chair
man expressly stated that should any
individual who purchased through the
banks wish to maintain his pledge se
cret, he may present his case to Mr.
Gaines at the Commercial club rooms.
Mr. Gaines even hinted that he wishes
to meet those who have reason for
suppressing the amounts of their bond
purchases.
' All American Unit
Another of the units attached to the
local mines reported itself yesterdiy
as 100 per cent American in the pur
chase of Liberty bonds, whan the Cop
per Queen McCartney's carpenter shop
registered one or more bonds for every
man in the plane This included one
Mexican laborer on the job. who pur
chased willingly and freely.
Reports from those who have been
In charge of the campaign among the
Mexicans a,rei encouraging. In the
past the Mexican citizens and non
citizens did not purchase heavily. On
This occasion it is reported that they
are buying frequently and often In
three figures.
Additional residents of the district
who have gained places on the Honor
Roll, follow:
George C. King $ ."0.00
J. H. King 100.00
Mrs J. H. King 100.00
Tex Barton 200.00
Margaret Malley
Clarence Mallev
C. W. Hull 100.00
W. O. Jennings 300.00
Mary J. Kearney .100.00
Edna Kelly 100.00
J. C. Walsh 100.00
R. J. Clow . 100.00
Mrs. June Carter
Kindred Glove, N'o. 14, Wood
man Circle-
John Hobbs 100.00
John Edwards 100.00
Fred Myers 100.00
Thomas H. Mallon 100.00
H. Rudell 100.00
J. J. Jones
Ruth Tonkin
Mrs. H. Housen ....
Mrs. H. Pierce
Robert Blair
John Russell
Charles H. Wilkins
Mrs. M. I5ertrand .
Angela Hook
10.1.00
200.00 j
200.00
100.00
r,o.oo j
100.00 j
50.00 I
500.00 !
60.00 I
50.00 I
100.00 I
100.110;
200.00 I
100.00 !
Emma Pratt vs. Leon F. Cook, et at. to the W
r.o 00 1
I Daltnn. action for a debt of !f.2.oi. for
the delivery of products and irTchon
dise to the defendant.
j In the case of Mary Ella Fountain
.vs. Lee Fountain, the plaintiff was
j granted a divorce on the grounds of
j desertion and non-support.
TOMBSTONE, April 27. The en- ! Tl -re was no court yesterday, a
tire day, Thursday, was occupied in ' holiday having been observed for the
NACO
Sam Felger
John Lowner
C. Purdy
Lee Hall
I C. D. Newton , . . .
G. M. McCarty
R. Enriqnez
j C. Bonorand
IB. Beckham
F. C. Fenderson 100.00
' 100.00
.iO.OO
6.000.00
1.000.00
1,000.00
200 00
100.00
50.00
50.00
100.00
100.00
Russell
Carlos Villar
John W. Sheldon
Mrs. E. E. Burrou
100.00
50.00
50.00 J
50.00
tha superior court trying the case of Liberty loan, but today the court heard
Merthana Arnet Cook, by her guardian, i before a iurv. the case of Fleischer vs.
V. Tel Co.. an action for dam-
set aside two deeds, each conveying , ages, for the non-delivrrv of a tele-
160 acres executed and delivered to gram by the defendant company.
me neienaanis oy nerinana Arnei j
Cook, an alleged incompetent. T he
evidence showed that immediately af
ter the filing of a petition in the su
perior court of Los Angeles county. ;
Cal., for the appointment of a guardian j
for Berthana Arnet Cook, alleged in- :
competent, she deeded the two deeds J
in question to the defendants, and 1 Hundreds of children of the War
subsequently was declared an incompe-! re" District are taking advantage of
CONTEST IN DRAWING
ATTRACTS CHILDREN
i Because of the numerous inquiries
, from residents of this district who
ape ineligible to the fourth series of
. :f!'i-ers' training camps, and because
:f the number of eiigibles iu this dis
trict who through their coll"ge tram-
ing have established fiemseives in
.position to -nter the camps and who
have expressed much interest in the
I opening of the next series of camps,
f.'ie following .statement of the war
department regarding entrance and
: eligible, will prove of interest in the
1 Warrrn district:
j A fourth series of officers' training
.schools will be held beginning May 15.
1918. The only civilians eligible for
.admission to these schools are those
; who have received military instruc
! I Ion at reognizf-d educational institu
' lions where ofiieers l" the army
.were detailed. No application:; will
i be considered from any civilian unless
! so qualified.
PLAY OF NORTHLAND
APPEARS AT CENTRAL
James Oliver Curwood's powerful
story of the northland, "Her Fighting
Chance," will be presented in picture
form as a vehicle for the clever little
star, Jane Grey, at the Central the
atre today and tonight. Produced by
Arthur H. Jacobs, with the well
known director, Edwin Carewe, re
sponsible for the staging, Mr. Cur
wood's red blooded story makes a
screen drama of unusual excellence.
In the very opening scene the kill
ing of Breault the carrier of his ma
jesty's mail, in a pistol duel with a
i mysterious somebody whose identity
is not revealed to the audiece gives
an immediate "punch" to the picture
and furnishes "suspense which
holds" to the final curtain.
Jane Grey's acting is magnificcenl
in the powerful emotional scenes
which follow her decision to save her
husband from death, and the sudden
discovery of his innocence furnishes a
surprise finish to the drama which is
destined to make it one of the most
discussed pictures of the season.
rsnt by the California court, and a
guardian appointed. The day after the
deeds were delivered, she married
Leon F. Cook, one of the defendants
in California, and on her return to this
state the above action was brought to
annul the execution of the deeds. The
court held that the Judgment of the tickets, and many are
California court, declaring Berthana J ,ae? f the contest.
Arnet Cook an incompetent, was con- I Yesterday all manner of solutions
elusive evidence as tc her incompe-! of the drawing which has been ap
the offer of the Ornhetim theatre to
t-ive away 'ree tickets to the attrac
tion. 'The Katzenjammer Kids." which
appears in this district Wedn"sday
and Thursday, May 1 and 2. Every
boy and girl reader o The Review
has a chance to share In the free
taking advan-
50.00
50.00
100.00
tency from the date of judgment, but
that it was only presumative evidence
from the date of filing the petition for
guardianship, until the judgment was
filed.
The case was tried before a jury,
and it developed that the defendant
Leon F. Cook had, on the same day ;
that Berthana Arnet Cook delivered
th- deed to him, executed and re-delivered
the property consisting of 160
acres, back to her. The court then de
clared that this deed would be sur
rendered to the courts, and that lver
guardian would be held responsible for
it. As to the second deed, the jury
declared that Berthana Arnet Cook
was competent at the time she de-,
livered to Alfred Cook, the co-defend- j
ant, his deed, namely, 160 acres. The
jury were given special interroga-1
tories, and were out only about 20
minutes, when they brought in their
verdict. Pruce Stephanson represent
ed the plaintiff, while J. T. Kingsbury ! Lina
representee, me aeienuanis.
Civil Suits Filed
peanng in The Review to be filled
out. were received over the counter
of The Review business offic. Sone
were colored completely with cravon.
Others contained only the markings
of reproduction showing the features
of the two inimitable boys, Hans and
Fritz.
The contest lias already started and
will conclude on Monday night. April
29, at midnight. Winners names will
be published in The Review of Tues
day, April 30, and Winners may call
at the Review office at any time on
Wednesday, May 1. and receive the
tickets.
ETERNAL TEMPTRESS
SHOWING AT EAGLE
50.00
200.00
Mike Harmon 50.00
Thelma L. Bishop 100.00
S. J. Wasser 50.00
Mrs. John Canady 50.00
W. A. Richards 100.00
Carl Carlson 500.00
Ben Bowles 100 00
Joe KJnsella 100.00
John Kinsella 100.00
J. Canady 50.00
George Heller 50.00
Leonard Sinclair 50.00
H. Rhodes 100.05
A. S. Sinclair 200.00
W. J. Stacks 100.00
T. J. Jones 50.00
A. J. Hesse 50.00
A. LeBrand 50.00
Arthur Stadiile 50.00
Thomas J. Tonurson 50.00
W. H. Butterfield 100.00
Nells Kromann 100.00
Mrs. R. E. Thomas 100.00
Susano Garcia 100.00
PIONEER RESIDENT
IS DEAD AT DOUGLAS
"The Eternal Temptress." featuring
Cavalieri, and presented by
Adolph Zukor, a Paramount picture, in
which tlK. famous actress proves her
Tony Kirk vs. Charlie Kirk, for di-1 fitness for the screen, will be the at
Henry Olin, pioneer resident ot
this district and for nineteen years a
business man in Bisbee, passed away
yesterday afternoon in a Douglas hos
pital following an illness of the past
apvprat weeks. Deceased was 66 vears
old. and had resided in the southwest j sertkm.
most of his life.
For many years he made this city
his home, and at the time of his death
he was a heavy property holder in the
city of Bisbee. He had been active
in the business and civic life of the
district and had taken a large interest
in anything and everything which was
for the welfare of Bisbee or Cochise
county.
Deceased is survived by two daugh
ters. Mrs. Rred Ross, of a city in
Idaho, and Mrs. E. Nystrom, of Bis
bee. Funeral arrangements have not
yet been made.
vorce, oa the grounds of desertion and
non-support.
Central lAnk of Willcox ys. Gara
vanza Investment Co., action for debt
and attachment, the defendant com
pany having made checks, amounting
to about $4000.00, which were ' en
dorsed to the plaintiff "bank, drawn on
a bank in Hollywood, and. which were
dishonorer1 for payment when precent
ed by the Central Bank of Willcox.
Graes Grider vs. William W. Grider,
action for divorce, on the grounds of
desertion and non-support.
Olga Koch vs. Frederick J. Koch, ac
tion for divorce, on the grounds of de
sertion and non-support.
Olga Koch vs. Frederick J. Koch, ac
tion for divorce, on the grounds of de-
THAW ADDS TO AIR EXPLOITS
Bv Hevlew Leased Wlre
WASHINGTON, April 27. Maj. Wil
liam Tham, commander of the Lafay
ette squadron, brought down two Ger
man airplane, April 20, a dispatch
from Paris announced today.
An earlier dispatch said Major Thaw
had become one ot the aviation "aces"
in France, having brought down his
Chauncey W. Moftet vs. Mary F.
Moffet, action for divorce, on the
grounds of desertion.
Queepie Wilcox vs. Thomas A. Wil
cox, action for divorce, on the grounds
of failure to provide.
Dorothy McCrody vs. Felix McCrody,
CIVIL WAR CHAPLIN DEAD
traction at the Eagle theater this after
noon and night. The play is by lime,
Fred de Gresac, the sewnairo is di
rected by Emil Chautard and was writ
ten by Eve Unsell.
The picture is one which will start
a whole town talking, and the longer
it is shown the more will the people
talk. Miss Cavalieri presents her play
in such a manner that in the future
otlfer temptress- of the screen must
look to their laulrels. The drama is
full of interest and appeal, and has
been one of the most successful pro
ductions shown during recent months
Those who are eligible should sub
mit applications direct to the presi
dent or to the professor of military
science and tactics of the institution
attended.
Three classes of citizens will be se
lected to attend these schools:
(a) Graduates of the course pre
scribed for the Reserve Officers'
Training Corps.
(b) Members of the advanced
course, Reset.e Officers' Training
Corps, who have completed one year's
i'ourse of same, and also have corn
pleted not less than 300 hours of mil
itary instruction and training since
January 1. 1917.
(c( Graduates other than those
: specified above who are between the
' ages of 20 years 9 months and
I years, and who have had at least one
year of military instruction at an ed
ucational Institution under the super
vision of an officer of the army while
attending same.
Men Under Class C
Men under class (c) should apply
in writing to the professor of military
science and tactics of the institution
from which they graduated including
the following in format ion:
a. Full name.
b. Years attending the institution.
c. Iegal residence.
cr. Date and place of birth.
e. 'Citizenship.
f. Weight and height.
g. A detailed statement of all mili
tary service and training.
h. A detailed statement of all ex
perience and opportunities for leader
ship. i. That it is thoroughly understood
and agreed that if applicant is sele t
ed to attend a training school he will
enlist for the period of the war; that
if not found eligible to be listed, will
serve in the ranks, and if listed as
eligibl". will remain on duty as an en
listed n'.Tti ii'iiil such time as iie may
Ik? appointed second lieutenant.
j. There-s'loiild be suhmiffd with,
application a ii'tailed report of phy
sical condition made by a well known
doctor or surgeon; the s( ope of this
physical examination to be equivalent!
to that prescribed in regulations for j
.1 commission in the O. filers' lies -rve
Corps, the requirements of which can j
be obtained from the officer on re-;
cruiting du'y in the locality in :iih
the applicant resides.
k. At the time applic ttii.n Is mn:e:l
applicant should .' ave tip-ee letters,
written by tltreo welkcoun and re
putable citizens, none of whom should
be related to Ip:ii. tcs-ifMi to hi
character ami standing in the 'oni
munity in k h he lives, ami giving
their opinion as to the fitness of tiie
applicant for a commission as an of-!
ficer. These letters 4iouM be mailed ;
separately and directly by the writers
to the authorities of Hie educational
institution, and should not be inclosed
wit'i application.
Must Apply Befors May 1 j
All applications must lie. in the hands
of the offic'als of the educational in
stitutions not later than May 1. No
applications will be received or con
sidered by the War Department.
The selection of the quota assigned
to each educational institution will be
made only by the authorities of the
Institution themselves and not by the
War Department. All inquiries re
parding the sfle tion of candidates
should be made to the authorities of
th institution and not to the War
Ik partme'it.
BERLIN CLAIMS ALLIES UNABLE
TO GAIN GROUND
(Continued fiom P.ige Ore)
ti'oves :e nay contemplate there is
no knowledge. The re-taking of Uocre
by the French troops was a very dash
ing evploit. It had cost the enem
hreeSieavv attacks to force his wav
into tiie Ittle village, which stands in
I tin fork of the liailleul and Nenve
Ki'lNe roads, and what an unsuccess
ful heavy attack implies in losses is
known. Situated between Mount Kem
mel r.nd Mount Rouge the place is an
essential poirt to any further advance
rlnrig 'the hill svstem. For this rea
son, doubtless, it was determined not
to let the Germans keep it, notwiiii
stamling the satisfactory casualty1
:':-ers lie had raid for it. ,
"So, lust night the lads in horizon
blue, who are the quickest troops in
attack ever seen, levelled their bay
onets and followed the" lift of the bar
rage. Only a few of them came blck.
These were escorting prisoners, what
remained of the German garrison. who
had bem rolling back toward Dra-noutre."
For your Soldier Boy in camp
or at the front; for your Sailor
Lad patrolling the high seas"
from you to him to make hi3
heart light and to keep tight the
home ties
your photograph.
D
I
X
"The Photographer in Your Town'
REAL CAMP SCENES
PART OF BIG PLAY
Mony of the most vital scenes of
the Metre picture. "Her Boy," star
ring Effic Shannon and Niles Welch.
which will be the attraction at the
Orpheu n theater today, were staged
at Camp Joseph Johnson, near Jack
sonville, Florida, where scenes of real
fT?v WovIbw f..l Wlr.1 -uiiiijr camp mo no bcuicu.
SAN ANTONIO. Tex.. April 27. The j At one of the most picturesque spots
Rev. A. J. Emerson of Denver. Colo., I in the cantonment, on th-a banks of the
formerly a prominent Missouri edu-1 st- John's River, these scenes were
cator and for many years president j staged. About the tents, real soldier
ot the Howard-Payne College of actors swapped stories, sang lusty
Brownwood, Tex., di-?d here last night, , songs, or assumed thr roles of re
aged 83. His body was sent to Liberty, , emits. They played their roles well.
Mo., for burial. During the war be- Ktoo, fo rthey were playing to their dear
t ween the states he wast a chaplain ' bnes, who might later on see the pic
in Lee's army. ' ture.
Prank Webb Io0.00 fifth adversary and a captive bolloon
Romulo Razeara
50.00 th same day.
Chicken
Dinner
AT THE
English
Kitchen
T O DAY
Consisting of chicken soup, combination salad,
sugar corn, your choice of fricasee chicken
with new potatoes, K. C. prime ribs, pie,
pie, pudding, ice cream and drink.
P
IAN
Are Going Fast
If you are after a real bargain examine every
piano for sale in Bisbee, then come here and I will
show you why no one has any chance when they
have to compete with real pianos.
You Save
$50 to $100
And PAY NO INTEREST
There is not now or ever was a line as strong as
I am showing. I can chop the prices because they
are mine. My dray works every day.
w.
MUIR
MAIN STREET
Largest Piano t actory
in the World .
mum ohm Hcmaa : W. W. KIMBALL CO- CHICAGO, ILL.U. S.A. t tusm is
it tj Li k.i
WHERE
iano
ARE MADE
AND SHIPPED TO BISBEE FOR THE
BIG ROUND-UP SALE
We have sold a good many of our bargains, but even then wc
have a store full of them yet. You can't imagine what a real piano
bargain is. till you have seen this wonderful assortment of Fine
Kimball Pianos.
Every Piano Fully Warranted, and a Two Year Exchange Trial.
A little down and a little a week buys any instrument in the
store. Better come in and see what we have.
Buy Direct From the Factory Save, the Dealers1 Profit
Used Pianos
$76 Up
New Player
Was $675 0 1 Q 1
Reduced to P 1 1
New Pianos
$279 Up
Kimball Plan Company
PODE L. BOYLAN
10 O. K. Street, Philadelphia Hotel Bldg., Bisbee, Ariz. THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, APRIL 28, 1918.
SEVEN
Second Oldest Mission in Arizona
V: ;vcr : h.W fill :PrvuA
NiV Vfc; 44.::-, .. 44 ? lf . ! .;. gJ 1
-' ""J '-- Vfr -S w . ' ' w4,'i W -?5XS - ;
.Vr., .f M 9 titi&Si:.. , . . . ; . , -. - 'a
.Hickman. Duiibln play. Sclininndt
j DaubPrr. Tasea on bii!l3. Anderson. 1;
jfhint-y. :. Hit by idicher. by Andor
' son. 1 ( I i.iubt'rt ; by I'l.t-iH y, J i:lur,i).
j Siolcn b;ise, Anderson. 1; Cliom-y.
' Iiai!lTt. Jutinson. !htriiie hi is.
Kail!!, M.ver, JcniiBton. Sacriiicy,
CUBS CLEAN UP CARDS
C'HICAGD. April 27. ChicnKo made
'a clocn sweep of tlie scries with St.
Uiuis by winning the final game :i
! tcr twelve innings. St ore:
n. ii. f
St. Louis "00 MO 00 Otiu-4 8
Chicago 020 ('00 110 0015 8 6
Ilorstmnn. .Meadows and Gonzales;
Tyler amf Elliott.
HIGH SCHOOL ALUMNI
AID GRADUATES WITH
FUNDS FROM BENEFIT
REDS STAGE RALLY
riSSTi.l'KCH, I'a.. April J7. San
ders pitching for ritttsltnrgliM held Cin
cinnati to 4 scattered hits and no runs
for eight innings, but In the n'nih'the
visitors staged a batting rally and
scored four runs. The Cincinnati
batsmen in the closing inning gath
ered in three singles, a double nad a
triple.
Score by innings: R. II. K.
Cincinnati ..000 000 0044 9 1
Pittsburgh 0i0 002 0002 S :5
I.ressler and Wingo; Sanders
Schmidt.
and
"Young Mrs. Winthrop," ths r.isbce
I High Scnool Alumni play.w liich will
be presented .Monday, A)ril -!t, at the
iiigti school auditoi mill promises to be
cue oi thi! most interesting plays ot
,i tlie yeai. The c:it, is us follows:
.tirs. ivuui till in ui, .ianiLe iviauit; iu
.Mr. Duublaa Winthrop (her son)..
Kuewel Iluilsoli '15
Heriicrt (his nephew)
licri-eit Uurrows '1G
I'oiiManco Winthrop (wile of Doug-
las) Anna Davis '17
John (a lootnian) ..Gillie Williams '17
r.u.;ton Scott (a lawyer)
Harry Crockett '14
Mrs. Did: Chewyn Yda I'atf 12
KJ.lh (sii ter of Constaiu
Jennie Warren 13
Dr. Mcliiunke
N. Bradford Trenhain '16
STAFF
Business manager
l Mrs. Clareut Wittig '11
Advertising manager
Madge Chapman '16
Stage manager
Bradford Trenham '16
I Properties Uoswell Champion '11
Synopsis of Play
The scene is laid in Douglas Win
! Ihrop's home, in New York city. The
i story is that of a young husband and
wife who drift apart, not through lack
of Mrs. Winthrop, affords a pleasing
relief from the iuoi3 serious features.
This is ar. exceptionally moral play,
and its literary quality is excellent.
The pn ceeds of the play will be ad
ded to ice. Aiumni beuent fund, a loan
ing organisation, which is devoted to
the assistance of r.iii u.i i en of tlie )iiih
! school-who wish to aftend a normal
school of college. To Caie, in spite of
the fact mat ttij Iuiiu i.i less than
$10)t), a considerable s iui, tcu students
I have b ii able to luie a ! vantage of
the oTt 'i ii g. Three have attended and
I graduau a iroui a scm.oi and paid up
i in full t'n ii borrowings. Three others
are no'., pjyjn with interest the sums
advanceu i: tnem, while four ai"j re
lying on the land to measure for their
support in schools.
The aims of the Alumni association
are to nuild up the funds to at least
$10o0 ami to maintain this as a low
mark, special eitort will be devoted
to this tn I in the next few monins and
it is hoped taat the minimum will have
been reached wheu the schools open
their lall terms.
(TOO LATE TO CLASSIFY.)
Party in Goodrich-equipped Overland visits Interesting landmark.
"Few Arizonans know that the two
oldest missions in the country are lo
cated within the confines of their own
state," said J. J. Bowen of the Bisbee
Auto Company, local Goodrich Tire
dealer.
"The new state highway between
Tucson and Xogales. which passes
near both of them, will undoubtedly
arouse a new interest in the histori
cal landmarks. r
"Nine miles out of Tucson, one ;
comes on San Xavier del Bac, the old :
est of the two. About forty miles :
farther, (three miles south of Tubac) '
is the Mission of Tumacaroi. ,'
"So definite information regarding
the history of Tumacaroi mission has
ever been found. As far as can be ,
learned, it was founded by a Father
Kino and associates sometime be-1
tween 1700 and 1732. Mention has
ueen found of the fact that Fray Gil ( high wails, in which there are numer
De Bernave was the priest in charge ous loop holes.
during 1758. There is also evidence j "Large bullet holes in the walls are
of numerous Apache attacks on tho explained by stories of the executions
i mission from 1752 to 1770. 'of rebellious Indians. Tumacaroi too,
"Although not as pretentious as San j has its familiar legend of buried treas
, Xavier. Tumacaroi mission is also a . ure, but repeated excavations have
splendid example of Moorish architec- failed to locate any signs of the $200,
ture. 000 in gold which was purported to
"The walls are of adobe, with brick have been hidden under the walls of
facings on all cornices. A little stuc- ( the church.
co still clings to the walls of the "A party of friends tourine Arizona
structure, but the whole building is j recently visited the two missions on
rapidly deteriorating into a shapeless , the Tucson-Xogales road. They are
mass of ruins. Unless Arizonans wake as enthusiastic in their report of the
to fie fact and take steps to preserve !new highway as in the performance
it, the second finest mission of the i of Goodrich tires on the wheels of
Spanish period will soon be nothing j their Overland. Only opce did they
but a memory. find it necessary to stop on account
"The building seems to have been of their tires, and that was when a ten
a combined fortress and church, as penny nail became a little too friend
three sides of it are surrounded by , ly."
PHILS BEAT BRAVES
t-U- Hrview 1,phs-1 Vire
BOSTON. April 27. Philadelphia
made it three out of four by bea'in?
Boston. Base on balls off Hagon and
errors entered largely in the scoring of ! of d ,or h h t
all the vis ors runs. Hoeg gave BoS-tne hushalld in hu Illad na8te to get
on five hits, no two in the same inn- r h uncr,Ilscl(hlslv neg!ect3 his wlfe
ng and was given good support. lm ,and ghe to f t nor ,
n ! thP ' ' L ,f St ?"M"-.to the sociai whirl. The death of
m.' ca':ed 1 tbeir only child serves to widen the
strike and ordered several other Bos- , w , ,
, , , ireach. A final separation seems m-
ton players off the bench. .. i . . .u .
Tv,' f,, ,,.... , ,t I.evitable when, by the clever efforts of
The Boston players borrht $7,500 ,Un , . . . , , , , .,
In hir,l l.ihnrtv l.n-.n h. . the lawyjr. who is also c.n old family
the ca:i:e
Score by innings:
Philadelphia 120 000 0014 7 1
Boston 000 100 0001 5 ::
Hogg and Brims; Rayon and Henry.
Tragesser.
friend, a reconciliation is affected. The
R H F ,is'lter anil ""fighter vein is not lack-
ins i" in" !'iaj, lor me jiresmiaute re
marks of Mrs. Dick Chetwyn, a dash
ing young widow, are sure to amus-:
everyone. The very charming love af
fair between Edith, the blind sister
AMERICAN LEAGUE
W I, Pet.
Boston io
Cleveland C 2 .7.".0
f'bicaeo ". 2 2 .500
New York ...v 5 7 .417
TJetrnit 2 r, .400
Washington 4 6 .400
St. Luuis 2 5 .2X0
Philadelphia 3 7 .300
YESTERDAY'S GAMES
At ?t. Louis: Chicago, gamp post
poned; rain.
BUSH BEATS A's
PHILADELPHIA. April 27. Four
Inrmcr Athletics defeated Philadelphia
.mainstay in the box, held the locals
1 safe in his lirst appearance against
i them. Score by innings. R H E
! IXston 000 2n2 0004 5 1
j Philadelphia 000 000 1001 7 1
J Lush ami A enow; Meyers, Adams,
!..'eary and McAvoy.
FOR SALE New Sewing Machine and
Yictorol! in first-class condition.
Thone 74S. 202
WOULD WALK FLOOR
! HALF OFTHE NIGHT
In Misery Two Years But Tan
lac brings Relief After
Everything Else Failed.
, "Tanlac brought me relief after er
; erything else failed to do me any good,
I and I am a stronger and healthier
I woman today than I have been in a
long time." recently declared Mrs. Wll
; liam R. Whitaiter. ot 1712 New York
' avenue. Ft. Worth, Texas.
"My health was fine up to two years
ago," she continued, "then my diges-
I tion failed. Everything 1 ate soured
'and felt like lead in my stomach, gas
rose and pressed on my heart so I
. was afraid something was wrong with
it. My liver was out of order, too, and
I aftcn had spells of dizziness. My
head ached awiully and I would walk
! the floor half t.vi night, too nervous to
- sleep. I had rheumatic pains in all
my joints and my shoulders and hips
' would ache so 1 could hardly stand
it, and I became so despondent that
I I came near breaking down.
INVEST IN BONDS
Buy Liberty bonds and buy liberally,
when you feel that you have done
"your bit " your next thought should
be of the loved ones that depend upon
your labor, be it physical or mental,
lor their livlihood. Do they own the
roof that sheds them? or do (hey mere
yl own the scrap of paper they get
trom the landlord every month?
Next to a Liberty Bond the best and
prettiest piece of paper you could pos
sibly own is a "Home Bond," the deed
to your domicile.
SEE l"S for bargains in homes, cash
or easy payments.
WINTERS AND BORREGO, LOWELL
Phone 4!1
REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS
lieved by Tanlac and advised me to
try it. so I started on it, also taking
the Tanlac tablets and I soon felt the
medicine was straightening me cut.
My appetite is now better than ever,
my system is regular and the rheu
matism is nearly all gone. My nerves
are quieter, I sleep like a child and
get up it the mornings feeling splen
did. 1 car. go on with my housework
without tiring out and am better in
every way than I have been in two
years."
Tanlac is sold in Bisbee by J. II
Ball, in Douglas by Douglas Drug Co.,
in Paradise by G. A. Walker, in Bowie
by Bowie Drug Store, in San Simon
by J. B. Cooke, in Willco'x by A. A.
Nicholson, in owell by owell Drn Co.,
in Gleeson by B. A. Taylor. Adv.
COPPER OH AND
TIRE FIRM RISES TO
nn con tin cdom
OHIO 'MfiVIF Y i C- & A. CLASH TODAY; j
Wtaiw 1 W mm w h
COAST LEAGUE
YESTERDAY'S GAMES
I
HOW THEY STAND
V. L. Pet.
1 .67
To boost the War Savings Stamps.
i.i.i. v. 1 1 :u .1.. . : . 1
;uv'i scuuoi ciuiuieu rei emiv ucu I JumjtitU Brig ''S 9
the streets of Canton, O. The com-: Queen '.1
inutee in cnarge, appreciating me " 1 1 C & A 1 " """
which could be Riven the government's t ' The (. ' " '( ' ' 't'e'am. "which
thrift scheme through the moving pic- ,.,,,. ,h lllh ,...,,eri hv
(By Review Leased Wire)
W. L. Tct.
ernon 15 11 .577
Salt Lake 13 11 .512
Oaklanl 13 13
Sacramento 11 12
Los Angeles 11 14
San Francisco 10 14
.500
.4!s0
.440
417
500 ;
ture, telephoned the morning of the
parade to a moving picture news
weekly in Cleveland, suggesting the
possibility of taking a film of the parade.
ANGELS TOP SEALS
! At Ssn Francisco R. II. E.
Los Anpvies
YANKS EEAT SENATORS
NEW YORK, April 27. N"w York
Americans broke even with Washing
ton in their four-came series. Today's
tame v.as 3 pitching duel between
Russell and Slaw an derrors by Wash
ington fielders enabled the local pitch
?r to win in the. ninth.
SOUTHERN ASSN.
At At'nnta. 2; Mobile, 8.
At Memphis, 3; Nashville, 0.
At Little Rock. 5; Chattanooga, 3.
At Birmingham. 3; New Orleans,
Washington '.no 100 HOO-
New York 010 0O0 001-
NEBRASKA WINS
; LINCOLN, Nebr., April 27. The an-
' nual du?l track meet between the uni-
R H F, ers:ty of Nebraska and the Amies Ag-
-1 o J t gies was won by Nebraska, 79 to 35.
-2 5-4
I EAKING COMPANY CLOSED
; PU-.lII.O. (Colo.), April 27 The
-A . Ilesst nier Baking company of Pueblo
INDIANS TRIM TIGERS
I CTROiT. (Mich.), April
hon-.e run bv Channian in the 12th i was ordered closed todav bv the Col
iiinkig gave Cleveland victory. De-Jnrado food administration, following
troit took the lead in the third wh ; charges that the company was not
tw oriins resulted from three bases t:sin tho proper amount of whent
: a 5 to 4 score in 10 innings, will tackle
; the Copper Queen nine this afternoon
i start at 4:30.
1 Manager Youngr.ian of the C. & A.
outfit, has added a number of players
The director found no way. even the . to his club during the past ten davs
automobile, to get his camera man to and believes that the team as it now ' Sacramento
Canton in time for the riararie. Then ' lines im will he able to holil ils r.wn Salt Lake .
he thought of the film work of the against the other two league nines
San Francisco 2 5 3
Cran lal! and Boles; Kantlehuer and
McKee.
BEES BEAT SENATORS
At Salt Lake II. H. E.
2 'J J
4 ! 0
Lake ant! Fisher; Levercnz and Kon-
Firestone Tire and Rubber Co.. at Vum.tr has not decided whether to nick.
Akron, O., midway between tlie two work Jounson or Bidwell in todrty's
cities, and telephoned the tire coin-' clash, but believes that cither flinger TIGERS TRIM OAKS
pany to see if it could help him out. can best tte Queen team. In addition At H Angules- - K. H. rJ.
li "You bet." was the terse reply, and to these two chuckers. Younirman has OaUIani 2 8 3
in ten minutes the. comnanv's film Kchpllenbi-irer ( nrlev Camnhell Kn- 1 V ernon
director and a camera man were on ; son and several other mound artitts, J
the way to Canton. The "story was , sj is well fortified in nuinl.r-is.
cevercd," the Firestone expert arrang-i Bill Lcerett will work for the Queen
ing many incidents to help carry over j team, and judging from the way he
ttl.e message of "Save for the Sam-1 has been going in workouts, the C. &
lines. ; A. Bwatsmiths are likfely to receive a
One feature w'.Uh proved especial-, Blumn in lht;ir batting averages. Lever
ly striking resulted from the woe-be-iV" U a cr,ack fllnKer when nls throw"
t-.-ne .Tl.r.dmK r f .llw. liltln crin. I '"S rm Shape alld billCC It i
ides' and some tots who couldn't t.ar- r'Kht- .Onager Carnes expects him to
ade. Immediately, a track was fur
nished by the local Firestone tire
in b"!lii, a force out an da single
R H E
!( vc!a:i.J . .0 0 Of :) 020 foil-3 8 2
L-!troif 002'bO0O(iO(,iiO2 8 2
Covelskie and O'Neill, James and
Stanae.
s-:il-s? itutes in i's bread. Previously
the bukrry w;-3 ordered closed for tv.o
n-eeks and permitted to reopen at the
end of tho time on promise to obey
:?uiati)ns. Today's order closes the
trncern permanently.
ti !) 2
R. Ar'.ctl and Murray; Froiui!ic and !
Devormer. '
happy at having
the war.
DENVER U WINS
COLOR.1 DO SPRINGS, Colo.. Ai HI
27. In a fast and exciting game here
this afternoon, Denver L'niversiiy de
leated Colorado College, 5 to 4. scoring
the winning run in tho ninth inning,
with two down.
inuingi U. II. L".
Denver 11 010 B'l tii2--r. 7 i
Colo. College . .002 0"0 020 i fi 4
Graves. Anderson and Liggett;
! Hughes and Hughes.
NATIONAL LEAGUE
b: ;e:e home an easy winner.
Carnes has not decided for certain
agents, derorat.-d with flags and bunt-'on his lineuP for tola-v- He "'-' use
ing. and the kiddies led the parade, 1 ".s:'(;..al flr "f"-- 7S!to$
chance to help win. ,so" "'ial-ni; at fwom base, witu
j Hesse a: first, himwlf on short and
. .lake W'ihdii on short unci then again
1 he may send .Lebrandt to second and
put Bob Whaling in the outfield to as-
' sist Tonneson and Stadelli w ith the fly ,
1 patroling job. 1 New
The C. Al- A. will have Mvachem be- ' Philadelphia
hind the plate with .Morris or Bidwell Cincinnati 5
at first. Nnonau on -(:ond. Janssen Chicago .1 5
short and Youngnian third, with Kin- Pittsburgh 4
fail. Gal, and Brown in the patsurcs. St. lyiuis 2
I Kitty Lrashear will umpire and he Boston 2
. proinixcg to make Ih gamefas t and Brooklyn 1
During all m-xt week the Standard snappy. l Yesterday's Games
Oil company will contribute all the Both clubs have been practicing all
space that would otherwise be used week and an exciting conflict should
for advertising Zeruline lubricating result.
oil to pushing the Third Liberty Loan.
U . J 1, -V-' v-r,
1 iA-'fiM
Have I Tested Your Battery
this Month?
Twice a month is not too often to get inside
facts to find out whether enough water ha3
been addad whether the charge has been kept
up to the proper point whether avoidable
losses have occurred.
A test takes only a few minutes.
Just a little precaution now may save you later from
the inconvenience of a motor that refuses to turn over
from lights that are dim when they should be brilliant
from actual damaga to your battery.
When you come in be sure to remind us that you want
to look at the Still Better Willard Battery which is the
only battery with the "Bone Dry" princple that is your
absolute assurance of getting a battery as new -ie day
it left the factory.
LOHMAN WRIGHT
Central Theatre Building - - Lowell
I 'I
mm
V
CwviWt KtMRd. !
GIVES THEIR SPACE
TO LIBERTY LOAN
YESTERDAY'S GAMES
W. L.
York !t 1
S 2
iXTR A! DODGERS WIN!
,V... j
.mio :
.2."!
.f2."
..".0
.250 ,
.2nd i
.100!
t
i
Beginning next Monday the l.nal drive
to sell Liberty Bonds will n on anil
everybody will work 10 the utmost to
help the government make tiie loan
a.'i overt heimins; success.
No pains will be spared by cither
individuals or lunin"ss firms and tne
Standard Oil company is in the fore
front in the patriotic move to concen
trate every elfnrt to give the Pacific
coast the lead over other se tions of
tin. country.
All contracts for advertising Zero
lrne in the press will be turned to
pushing the sale of Third Lib rly
Loan Bonds.
HONORS DIVIDED
ft;; Heviiw Lnaseil Wire
PHILADELPHIA. April 27 -The Na-rcl-iy
championship of America,
th'' bhie tibiion events of the l"ni
v rsi y of Pchiiylvi-nia annual carniv
fl of snorts, weie wull distributed
around the country todav. Pittsburgh . passes
iSim-' i'. to Tl' Krvi.'W . I
BROOKLYN, N. Y., April 27. ;
Biooklvn finally went into tlie win
ning col;:mn by defeating New York,1
alter losing nine straight tames. It
1 was the first game I'ist by the Gian's;
: tins season. Cheney was hit lor a
I triple and two singles and g.ive two
in the first but New wrl;
ii
II.
Cuts! Gashes! Exposed
Fabric! Blow-ouis!
Proit'nm Process Rubhcr
minimizes thic trouble
Prodi 11 in Pi-oct.--? RuM)?r (tlie new trtiul used
exclusively on Republic tires) is so touh t!i;ic
even newly crushed rock or ciiarp stones
dcesn't cut and gash it.
I: w ears dow n n? evenly and smoothly as 2 piece of fine
steel. After mil of service it looks like new. It keeps
water a-vay from th:; fi'jiic, prevent. tottin..r of the carca..i
of the tire, and mokes prcnaturc blow-outi poetically
thiiitr tl'.e pasf.
f
'i.ii . t : sity winning the one mile til. j was heid to two runs through a fast
iv e.ik :
c.i a 'i:
(r
it : :he t.jni;riCf.t, iOijcst ticuj .to.:
1 i )' I.O
fi.. 11-;!
NOTICE.
BROTHER-
FRATERNAL
HCCD
A'l nie!i:l-?rs and viriting incni'iers
nro refine: ted to be presi'iit at a special
meeting Tuesday, April
Si is-a'-l . 1 -sets lnstitiiti of T'M-hnol-
tho two mile race, and ijt ite Col
lege ti e four mile run.
HARVARD WINS REGETTA
PiilNCKTuN. N. J -April 27 -Harvard
oarsmen won a iinttble victory
ver I'i iiici'toii in their dual reueti.i
over the mile mid sevet..-hts course
o?i ( :!'. :c;.i- t'niay. the rrlnisi li vars-i;;-
( rev, win;. in- y a boi't Icii-t'i
in s niinnt'-s a'.d '" secoiv's ami ilie
li kIiiccii fcjglit b twi) lenulbs in 10
OHi.
Adv '. j minutes and ti seconds.
1
double play. Cheney then sWtlid
down and held the visitors to three
hits and one run in the r maiiiinu
eight innings. The Superbas kept pep-f
pcring away at Amlersoii and linalh .
forged ahead in ths seventh, ( lieney's;
1 1 i 1 1 sending home the winning run.,
Score by 1 iniiigs- li. II. II.
New Yoik 201 oeo (ion- :: 0 1
P.ro-ikiyii 0 10 n 1 1 x .". ! 2
Aiidcr.-.iii am! .ViCarty: Cheney and
Miller !
2 b.ise hits. .Miller. base hits. :
Kaulf, Cheuyy. Stolen bates, Burns, j
t k ni'4 a. -T K V-
Jul - k : l ..-,k nrxirrcp ( W : ..1
:Li 'jL.'iV'W PROCESS -i iiVVIv
3J: ! p, PLAI N . AND W M TREADS
i'V ..".i "";., i'- t.lmis ill tlie StjUih black Tread
h
Weski"'- Vulcanizing Shop
Jcrrfcn Ad dilicn
Standard , Makes
Ntw, Clecn, Fresh Stork
NOTE THESE PRICES
Tu'oes
Sires Plain No;:-s!iid Ccy Red
3Cx3 $10X0 $31.30 $2.-?5 $2.70
3Cx31. $1420 c!5,5Q $3."0 $3.33
32x3 !2 $16.20 S 13.30 $3.G5 $3.40
31jU $18.00 ?!D.0U ' $3.50 $4.20
' - A o ti" irn " 'V" A "30
3x4 $22.25 $26.C0 $M5
35x412 $35 35 $29.C5 $5.00 $5 50
3Cx4:' llzti S-;0.2S $3.15 $5.53
37x5 $42.03 $51.00 $3.30 $5.75
It's Real Econcrr.y Buying Tua at
Douglas Cut Kate Tire Depot
DOUGLAS, ARiZ.
11.12 G Ave
Thone 25
i EIGHT
THE BiSBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, APRIL 28, 1918.
J who were the guests of Mrs. James
1 L. fi.ninon w hile tliey wore in tlm city.
Thev r-t ii rtiPd home hist nit-'-it after
(he show.
E'-THEATRE
SEATS
FOR THE EAST
A'tvrt Shaw, wife and daughter,
jAlihea. will leave Monday morning for
1 Milwaukee, where they expect to mnkp
their future homp. Mr. Shaw and
TODAY
CONTINUOUS 1 TO 11
CONTINUOUS 1 TO 11
TODAY
ARTCRAFT PRESENTS
The World's Most Noted Beauty and Actress
JACOBS PHOTOPLAYS PRESENT
his daughter have both Iippii in thei
employ of the Phelps-Dodge store for
; some time. The, family have many j
friends in the District who wish lliem
well in thPir new home.
EAGL
n m m a
TODAY
JANE GREY
IN
A Wonderful Drama of the North
w p y j. ,
X Jl
Chance
A Picturizaticn of James Oliver Curwocd's Widely Discussed Novel, "The Fiddling
Man. A LIVE, RED-BLOODED STORY OF THE LAND OF DEEP
SNOWS, ROUGH AND FREE MANNERED PEOPLE,
SLEDGES AND HUSKIES
A Play Abounding in Action
A PICTURE WE DO NOT HESITATE TO RECOMMEND .
ADMISSION 15 AND 25c
1 Stpwart Hunt, the Copppr Queen
1 shift boss, who has been nt the Mu-1
1 rietta Hoi Springs for a number of J
1 wppKs. will return here cn Monday
morning. He's been spending the past
'week at Ocean Park taking salt water
baths. He is returning much improved
' in health, which will be ple.ising news
i to his many friends.
urn r.onac cwod
This has ircionnly been railed the I
niminnce sale. Tint ttio proper name
for it is Red Cros Shop and will lirfi
iftpr lio QiifiL-.m rt aj otih The u'rim-
en who are in charge wish to thank
the people for the generous donations, j
when iie rail was made a short tune
tor rh ililreu'd flfithftiw nre iti11 In .
demand. The rooms of the I?ed Cross
Shop are across from the Y. M. ('. A.
CAPD PARTY.
The card party for the benefit of j
the Permanent Itlind. Saturday at the
I Country club, was a complete sncoes9.
iThe day was ideal and a preat niim-j
i ber of women were present. This looks
! very encouraging and the sincere hope
'that it will continue was expressed.
N'cx' Saturday afternoon at 2 p. m.
i another card party will be held nt the
Woman's club. - '
UNA
IN
ffl trsss
Through the ages nature has from time to time created certain types of wemen to
create havoc amongst nations and make fools of the greatest and wisest of men... Such
is the trend of one of the most unusual and interesting Ar 'craft dramas a drama cf
exceptional merit.
ADMISSION MATINEE, 15c
NIGHT, 15 AND 25c
01PI1EUM
THEATRE
TODAY
CONTINUOUS FROM 1 TO 11
TODAY
THE METRO PICTURES CORPORATION PRESENTS
Effie Shannon and Niles Welsh
66 HE
IN
OY
99
The devotion of America's manhood is told in this six-act Metro wonderplay with
all the camp scenes taken in Camp Joseph Johnson, Florida.
ALSO
BY A MISTAKE"-A Keystone Comedy in 2 Acts
ADMISSION 5 AND 10 CTS.
66
WAS FINED FIFTY
Mrs. C. W. Allen of Brewery Gulch,
who Ins been before the police court
a number of times during the past
few weeks, was fined V0 by Judge
Thomas. The case was heard by mm
Thursday and was taken under ad
visement until yesterday. Her attor-'
ney, S. K. Williams, gave notice of
appeal to the Superior court.
CASE DISMISSED. !
Word was received from DouqUs
yesterday that the case against John
Hart, formerly oj this city and well
known in this district, now proprietor
ef a Pw-ilaK retaurant who was
charged with purchasing government
uronerty. has been dismissed before ,
United States Commissioner Heumler.
The case as dismissed for lack of
evidence.
t
Tomorrow Night
a;
Young Mrs. Winthrop"
In which a young husband and wife drift apart, because the husband in his mad haste
to get rich unconsciously neglects his wife, and she, to forget her sorrow, plunges
into the Social Whirl. See this comedy-drama, by Bronson Howard, at
igh School Auditorium
Seats on Sale at H. S. Auditorium After 7 P. M. Monday
1SZ
MOVE QUARTERS
Winters & Eorrego have changed
their quarters from the old Mason
bu'lding in Lowell to the new Long
Trail garage building across from the
Lowell post office.- They have added
considerable new equipment to their
cifice, necessitated by the increase of
; business in fheir line, and now have
an office capable of handling their
business in a very satisfactory man-
rons and assure them that the resort
will be conducted in a respectable and
orderly manner.
Your putronage is respectfully so-
I licited.
LESLIE WILCOX.
! WILLIAM PRYOR.
j L. L. Oilman sells the New Efilson.
, "the phonograph with a soul."
I
Guarantee Paint Co., Phone 750.
Adv. 609
OYAL THEATRE
TODAY CONTINUOUS 1 TO 10:30 TODAY
Thomas A. Edison Presents MABLE TRUNNELLE
and MARC MAC DERMOTT in
estroying Angel"
A Five Part Drama Founded on the Novel by
Louis Joseph Vance
Also a Good Two-Reel Comedy
If You Like Good Music Hear the Royal Orchestra
"T lis 0
BALCONY 5c
ADMISSION:
LOWER FLOOR 10c
SPECIAL MONDAY
Thomas A. Ediscn Presents VIOLA' DANA in
"The Innocence of Ruth"
In Five Big Acts
Also a Comedy in One Reel
A Good Scenic of California
' tees at Cananea. totaled to date ovr-r
! $60,000. this being in addition to ap
i proximately 11.00 sent direct by sub
I scribers to banks in the United states.
Business Locals
MADAM CAGNEY
Lifts the dark vci: of the past, reads
the destiny of the f :ture. Across from
theatre, Lowell. Adr. 653
HAVE RETURNED
W. H. Sabin and wife have returned
from a two weeks' visit to various
points of interest in Southern Califor
nia. They were accompanied by Mrs.
Sabin's father. They report having
had a most enjoyable time.
ATTENTION. MOOSE
Installation of officers, at regular
meeting, Friday, April 26. Refresh
ments. Adv. W. R. TONKIN.
3t Dictator.
DANCE.
C. & A. Band Dance, Warren Park,
Wednesday and Saturday. Admmis
sion fO cents. Ladies free. Adv. 740,
; WAS IN CITY
i Attorney Noble of Douglas was in
' the city yesterday on a short business
trip. He stopped over here while on
his way from Tombstone to Doug
las. He bad been in Tombstone on
business before the Superior court.
Kxpert parser hanger and pain'er. C.
J. r.randt. Phone 456. Rox 150. 5S0
UNDER NEW MANAGEMENT
The Ozark boarding and rooming
house, 71 Brewery Gulch. Adv. 1C1
STRAWBERRY SHORT CAKE
i with whip cream. English Kitchen,
i Adv. 711
Dr. Playfair, Osteopath. 9S Mason
Hill, Mason car stop. Phone Blue M7.
Adv. 231
i SET FOR MONDAY.
j A number of the cfty police officers.'
: City Police Judge Frank Thomas, and
' City Attorney Sam Kyle, will go to
j Tombstone tomorrow to be present
I when a number of appeal cases will
; bo tried in the superior court.
ROCK HILL'S STAGE
BIsbee-Tombstone, Leaves Blsbee
Bisbee Auto Co., Hin, 1:30 p. m. 7
Phone Bisbee 5. Adv.
j For noon day tunc a, go to the
j English Kitchen and rv one of their
I 35c combinations; choice . of thrwe
: combinations. Adv. 3 17
iFROM HEREFORD
! WSHiam McDonald, tjie Hreford-
Garces stage man, was In the city
! yesterday on a short business trip.
1 He reports that the Roquillas Cattle
company has shipped a number ol
tra-n loads of cattle from Hereford
, during the past week.
MATERNITY HOME.
Call Black 573 for terms, etc.
Advertisement-974
' THE JIP BLOCK CO. OF DOUGLAS
; will pay $5.00 to the man who tooK
i the work bench from the rear of Cun
i ningham house, if he will return the
Jip Block sign to A. Parker, Warren.
Adv. 2
REOPENING OF THE BERNER
RESORT
Ramsey Canon, with a Red Cross
Benefit danos, Saturday, May 11. 1918.
Under th management of Messrs Wil
cox and Pryor, both of whom are well
known to the patrons of this famous
resort.
We shall endeavor to please our pat-
JOHN G. WILSON
Contractor
and Builder
ESTIMATES FURNISHED ON
ALL CLASSES OF BUILINGS
SEE ME LAST Phone Green 782
City Briefs
Has anyone visited you? l)r.
have you entertained? If so. call
the Review after 6 p. m. and tell
the Society Editor.Phone 39.
FROM PHOENIX.
W. C. Floyd and wife are In the
city from Phoenix for a few days and
are registered at the Copper Queen
hotel.
THROUGH TO DOUGLAS
Attorney Frank Itoau was in the
city yesterday on his way to Douglas
from Tombstone where he had been on
business before the Superior court.
FROM NEW MEXICO.
George K. Noe of Soccorro, New
Mexico, is in the city for a few days
on a business trip and is registered
at the Copper Queen Hotel.
weeks with her at her home In Ram
sey canyon in the mountains.
TO SHIPYARDS.
John Hawley, who has been work
ing for the Copper Queen company
for some time, has gone to San Diego,
where he expects to enter the employ
ment of one of the shipyards. 1
FROM CANANEA.
Among the citizens of Cananea who
were In the city last evening and will ;
remain over today were C. K. Wis
wnll, Casey Stites, J. T. Martin and '
J. H. Reynolds. They report the cop- j
per camps being quite prosperous at j
the present time.
! I
BIRTH.
Mrs. John Conally gave birth to a
KVfc pound baby boy at the Copper
Queen hospital. Mother and baby are
doing nicely. Mr. John Conally is
ith lie'Standard Oil company.
EXPECTED HOME.
Dr. George Bridge of the Copper
Queen Medical staff is expected to
return here within the next few days
from Battle Creek, Michigan, where
he has been for a number of weeks.
HAVE RETURNED.
Dr. N. C. Bledsoe and wife have i
returned from Phoenix, where the doc-!
tor went to attend the meeting of the j
Arizona State Medical association. ;
He reports that the meeting was well '
attended and a number of interesting
papers read and discussions Jiad.
Orpheum Theatre
Two Nights Commencing Wednesday, May 1
The World's Greatest Fun Show!
A Big, Happy, Snappy Cartoon Musical Comedy
Lyric Theatre
TODAY
WILLIAM A BRADY PRESENTS
Kitty Gordon
IN
iamonds-dPearls"
In Five Parts
Directed by GEORGE ARCHAINBAUD
Diamonds and pearls, silks and satin3. smart gowns, high society
people all these are found in this glittering photoplay. You never
saw sucii gowns before! You never saw life so vividly portrayed on
the screen. See this picture.
PARAMOUNT MACK SENNET COMEDY
"An International Sneak"
With CHESTER CONKLIN, BILLY ARMSTRONG
and ETHEL TEARE
In 2 Parts
DONT FAIL TO SEE, MONDAY, APRIL 29,
Norma Talmadge
IN
"POPPY"
ON SHOPPING TRIP.
Mrs. Hugh Fletcher of the Hua-'
chucas, wag in the city yesterday n
H shopping trfr She was pccom-i
panied by her sister, Mrs. J. Butler!
of California, who is spending a fewj
WAS GIVEN VERICT
In the case of Mrs. Fleshier vs.
the Western Union Telegraph com
pany, which was tried in the Superior
court yesterday at Tombstone, the
jury brou ill in a verdict for damages
in the sum of seventy-five cents.
INSANE MAN.
Lowell officers were called up about
ten o'clock last evening to arrest a
man in Upper Lowell, who had either
gone insane, or was suffering from
the effects of imbibing too much boot
legg. He was reported to be running
around in that section with but a
few clothes on.
MORE TRICKS THAN A THREE-RING CIRCUS
Singing Dancing Laughs
Setting the Pace for the Twenty-First Century
THE ORIGINAL
NJAMMER
KATZE
CANANEA.
Advised that the Liberty bond sun
scrip! ion secured by the local commit
MINING MEN MEET
At a recent meeting of the Ixiwell
Gold Mining company an executive
committee was formed and they de
cided to push their development work
to the utmost. Their properties are
located in the Ajo district nad the com
pany is made up almost entirely of j
local men. j
ON SHORT VISIT
Acting Sheriff Ouy Welch was In
the city last evening on business con-1
nected with his office. He was ac-!
BASED ON
THE FAMOUS
FUNNY
CARTOONS
KIDS
HANS AND FRrrZ
A SHOW FULL
OF
NOVELTY AND
SURPRISES
A Treat for Young and Old, Big and Little
WITH A REAL FASHION PLATE CHORUS
eotnpanied by his wife and daughters.
Exquisite Gowns and Beautiful Girls
LYRIC THEATRE
MONDAY, APRIL 29
Norma Talmadge
in "POPPY"
A Photodrama That Tells of a Road to Happiness
' Through Blood and Tears
From the Famous Novel by Cynthia Stockley
Direction Edward Jose
ANOTHER OF THOSE SELZNICK PICTURES
Always First Quality In 8 Parts
Big, Dazzling, Outshines Them All
PRICES 25, 50, 75, $1.00 PLUS WAR TAX
J
BASEBALL SSSS& WARREN PARK
' Copper Queen vs. C. & A.
Admission 35c, Including War Tax
t 4 MINING
SECTION
SOCIETY 5
5 - '6
SECTION
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
VOL 20. No. 277.
THE BISIJEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, APRIL 28, 1918.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
MINES, MINING, LOCAL STOCKS AND COPPER
Arizona Copper Output,
May Pass Record Mark,
During Coming Months
Pro-German Reports of Low Production in State During the
Pasji Weeks, Nailed as Falsehoods When Figures Show
Normal Tonnage; Increase in Copper Price With Conse
quent Wae Raises, Seems Certain
Copper production in Arizona is at this time going at normal in point
of, tonnage output as compared with a year ago. Statements which have boen
circulated inat production was only around 50 per cent correspond witii other
German propaganda finding currency in different parts of the country for
purposes of discouragement. Even during the height of the strike period of
last year, Arizona production did not fall to 50 per cent of normal, or any
where near it. At no time during the present year has it been below 9rt per
cent of the normal of the first months of 1917. in which the state scored the
top records in its copper production career. Present outlook is that by the
middle of the year, barring unforseen difficulties in securing fuel or other
supplies. tJie copper producers of the state will have reached materially
above the best performances in production. of records in 1917.
HIGHER METAL AND WAGES
This promise of bigger things than ever before in production of course
contemplates a higher metal price and the higher wages which copper pro
ducers will gladly pay the minute they are enabled to do po'. With a higher
wage scale they will be able to get back some of the skilled men whom they
have lost in competition with the government for labor on government con
tracts. They will also profit from the easier situation all of their men will
feel with more money In their pockets to meet the higher costs of living, and
the attendant higher efficiency that goes with larger ease of mind. These
things will help with increase in output, as will also, and very materially, the
return of many small mines to production, and the enabling of many more
of the smaller properties to get back to full forces from the reduced shifts
with which they have been working simply in order to keep going until the
price should advance.
INCREASE SEEMS CERTAIN
Little doubt is at present expressed from any quarter but that the War
Industries Foard will increase the price of copper to at least 25 cts., and
possibly higher. Entering into the -matter are the representations as to
living costs in the mining districts by both operators and operatives, the
high cost of supplies of all kinds for the conduct of mining, milling and
smelting, additional cost that daily accrues in various ways through delays
in transportation, higher interest charges, etc., and the fact that both copper
refineries and smelters are operating at a loss on most of their contracts.
Should they annul these and substitute new treatment prices which would
enable them to make a profit, the producers could not meet the increased
cost in most Instances and would be obliged to close down. Relief for Uie
smelters and refineries in this matter will enable a general readjustment of
prices from which small shippers will benefit more largely than any other
class. The small shipper is as a rule without a contract and obliged to pay
current prices. The smelters and refineries have been obliged to make up
losses at his expense that they have sustained through carrying out long
term contracts with the large producers, many of these contracts having
from ten to twenty years life and practically all of Uiem entered into during
or prior to 1914 under conditions of normal costs throughout the country.
MORE SMALL PRODUCTION
With the lower smelting charges that the small producer will confront
on a higher copper price, following the readjustment of long time contract
prices, the small producers will be encouraged to the highest activity that '
lias ever come their way and should bring about a big increase In the output
of ore for the smelters. This ore will come from many leasers who are at
present out of production and from practically every mineralized district In
the state. In most of the Isolated districts copper ore production has ceased,
or been greatly decreased, but with higher metal price and changed smelter
charges all of these districts will go to unprecedented output. Incidentally
they will carry much new prospecting and development work that will be of
large value in establishing new resources, some of which might readilv show
the way to great new mines.
LABOR ATM0SPH5RE CLEARER
further assisting the present brighter aspect of things In the mining
country of the state generally is the fact that developments of the last few
weeks have much cleared the air as to the" real purposes of radical agitators
and organizers. These have been shown plainly before the workingmen of
the state as engaged in a determined campaign to bring about misunder
standing and trouble and to have used rumors, and suspicions without foun
dation in lieu of facts. Exposure of this phase in the Council of Defense
executive committee conference last week Instead of occassioning caution
appeared only to cause the radicals in charge of state propaganda to lose
their heads entirely, as much being indicated in their' immediate endeavor
to bring about a statewide strike, notwithstanding denials which they had
been reiterating for several months of sympathy whatsoever with such a
movement during the war period. TJie double disclosures of covert and
unreliable dealing, smacking with I. W. W. pro-German characteristics,
brought the loyal union men of the state to their feet with their eyes open,
as indicated best in the prompt repudiation made of the strike cull by union
organizations all over the state. Nothing of previous occurrence In the state
ever had as immediate effect in advancing conservatism among its working
men and divorcing them from radical leadership, nor had anything previous!
occurred which had afforded as strong a line on the growth of understanding
of the need of loyalty during the war period and of the patriotic, determined
sentiment which has come about in support of this understanding. lu face
of it the possibility of trouble being stirred up in Arizona by radical. pro
German agitators this year is greatly reduced and it is not likely that strike
TOMMIES UESCUE
1
V (. 2 , , . . , V'l'. .1 n ? . ' ' - . ' . .- ..... .
- 1
dm
British Tommies, led by priest, rescuing sacred statues from the Arm?nlicres cathedral. :
This unusual photograph illustrates a striking contrast in the attitude of the allies nn the foe toward
sacred edifices. To prevent further damage to the statues of the saints that have esir.pcil destruction i" the:
German bombardments of Armentieres before it was evacuated by the British forces tlite Tommies, led by the.
priest, removed the statues to a safe place. '
rumors will count for much more from j termittently for a number of years,
now on in crippling efficiency and iu-iThe present situation at the property
terfering "with the labor supply. j is indicated to be highly encouraging
Sabotage Being Watched ; to the belief that it will make a very
Watchfulness for sabotage of this j valuable mine and that it can profit
sort will be redoubled under the new! ably enter upon regular production on
condition, for many loyal men will dollar silver,
now have their ears open for t.'iej Most Promising of All
strike rumors for the purpose of trac-j The Monte Cristo mine at V.'ic ken
ing them to their sources, whereas in : berg claims the largest attention ac
the past they were merely concerned corded any silver property in the state
listeners. They will also be alert for j when silver mining comes under dis
any other manner of sabotage that cussion among mining men. The Mon-
may be attempted. It is present to
some extent everywhere in the coun !
try and Arizona provides no exception I
Despite best endeavors on the part of
industrial operators of the state to
keep I. W. W. out of employment
they manage to slip in under assumed j Monte Cristo ground is both rich and
names and to get work, and until they extensive. Whenever produc tion is
disclose their identity in attempt to'ensaced in the mine will be found
carry out disloyal propaganda, are not .
likely to le detected, babotage tltey
have attempted in some known in-:
stances has extended to effort at as .
sassinations through knots tied in
fuse. Tampering with machinery
without regard to injury that might
befall attendants has been more com
mon. Citation Is made of these in
stances in order that the loyal worker
may not feel that there is less occas
ion for him to keep eyes and ears op
en and promptly report the presence
of an I. W. W. in one part of the coun
try than in any other. The munition
factory workers understand the need
of watching for them through hitler I
experience, and in the copper mines !
u-ith their mltimt of raw munitions
there is no less need for alertness as I
to their presence and prompt steps
to let it be known in order that they
can be gotten rid of.
Silver Mining Activities
Passage of the silver measure and
its signature by the president during
lha a-unlr Hulurminau f hut uttiol- u ill I
...c -v. . ...... . ,, r I
UUI loi irss man a iiiMlrtl nil i '
considerable time to come. Those are!
not lacking who believe that the pies-
f II I aU taut C II I'Ul llHIIFllMlllir- " I
i i.li.... : !...-.. I.a
.i.anu a mu... cusi r , r..e .,.-.. r ,.hiIlpe ,l,.spi. ,l,e fact that thev have
end of the year. World needs of the;. r . ,, ..,,
metal "are unquestionably growing day
by day. with the maximum require
ment not yet in sight. The situation
continues to bring baout new activi
ties in Arizona silver districts. The
research and development which is
underway will be much augmented by ;
the price fixed for the metal.
Promising Operations
!ood news conies from the
Old
Peck mine in the Uradshaw country.
where considerable investment is be-,
ing made in development and in new
equ.pme.il .accj. ' '- i
: . rr-1. I.. .. . I .l
UP ."1 UllU-llil 1111 (1 11 tl IU--II.U 11. t 11.7
property, thus overcoming the near
impossibility of getting deliveries
from manufacturers in any reasonable
time. It is stated that old workings ,
of the Peck which have been reopened j
will turn out lliucll Silver anil mat
new development being carried out
promises to produc e bodies of ore th.it ' labor lead"rs are hinting, is in the
may rival the best in its past. With hands of the I. W. W. and at the ir in
depth they are finding cupper coming stigation trying to disrupt the Arizona
in much stronger in this mine. At the Federation of Labor, of whic h he is
Ash Peak mine in the Punean country president. Prior to election as presi
the Foldfield Consolidated staff is un- dent of the Federation. Croaff was a
derstood to be much pleased with the postal c lerk and looked upon as corn
showing thatias been secured there, parati-ely tame. Since at the head of
IThis organization has had the proper
ty under bond and development for
more than a year and for sometime
has employed more than fifty men.
The first ore was shipped last week
and will be given thorough test. .Ash
Peak has been under development in-
STATUES I'HOM AUMESTIEULS CUUUCU
2 i vr.
ti t- tst-
te Cristn bus linrl more than : dozen
years of careful development. There
has never been any hurry, nor have
any bets been overlooked as they ,
went along. Everything has been in-;
vestigated and carefully followed out. j
equal to standing up to heavy output
anrt tJiere are none who know the j
property who do not believe that it
will make a record second to none in j
the historv of silver production in t lie
i i
state.
Mines Carrv Burden
An extra burden the copper Indus-
try is carrying under the control of
the metal as exercised by the govern
ment is the tidy little matter of rust
ling around SSO.OOO.OOn and carrying
the interest thereon for our months
periods, these figures representing
the Arizona requirements only.
I'nder open market conditions the
PIt producers sold their copper as
it was made and had the use of the
money irom us saies. i ucier ...e ar
sales
rangement since price nxation aim
'government direction of sales, pay
ment lias come upon
(Cciuhi iiicihi. i n in ueia i-iiiu-i
, , , , ,
bined with refinerv delays have made
, ,. j k . i. -
actual metal. Traffic
.1 .. .
. ... I
a iiiui iii.iiiur. p. I'.u .ii mm i L
and delivery dates. I hiring this four
.
months the copper
producers are i
without returns and must carry their
tiitl- r.klls imnlv ffwtd iili.l '.ill ittli.'r
n(MluY,;s wi;,10t receipts from
tiit ll,..l
In consequence copper
"M"". .
scant on
in advance, wUh all of their copper,
indeed, spoken for months ahead.
Arizona output is running in t.he
j neighborhood of Tii.oou.uoo pounds the
I month which is up to the normal. This
n..i oca ...in imci lumniid ,.r ........if in
four A( 2,,.2r . ..
ernmen. fixed nrice. it renresents
close to 5Mi.CHM.onti. It n prolialiie
that in the next price fixing confer
ence change will be made in the meth
od of payments to relieve the copper
producers of unnecessarily carrying
1 i M enormous load of quarterly financ
ing.
May Probe Labor Heads
Current rumor in Tucson has
it
mat tne next investigation put up u
the Executive Committee of the Coun-
en oi i.eiense win lie oi i. j. roan.
chairman of the labor committee.
"
the Fed-.-ralion he has chanced to ex-
treme radicalism in ins utterances,
The charge which he put before the
Arizona Counc il of Defense that I. W.
W. were being knowingly employed
by mines resulted so disastrously lor
the radical labor element, in utterly
J
1
3
4
discrediting the statements of their
leaders, followed by the recent blun
der contained in the call for a state-
nuiu (iii-il-h n i ci in T ni in 9 umr..
........ .... ....v . -
rjrcit-n. is ?Hiil i limji iinrii m
plenty (if ground for suspicion that
the German money of the I. . .
propagandists has either found 'ro -
affs ratice or that he is mentally uti -
balanced.
Coupled with the name of Croaff in
the bitter comment going about are
those of Dwight B. Heard. who
I hrmnft the rpnnri nt I " W em-
j pioyment before the Council of Ie -
fense originally. T. J. McCluskey,
Western Federation organizer, and
Sec retary Smith of the Federation of
to produc e evidence to sustain the re -
j ports, but had nothing to deliver when
cornered in the course of the investi-
IJinor. I lie latter two were e.pccieu
gafion. Smith's appearanc e in the
matter at the behest of Croaff had the
further damaging effec t of reviving
memory of the fac t that Smith, as
president of the Globe .Miners I'nion
a vrar ago. refused to permit tne lias
...... t
to be raised over the union hall at
I i i . f ............ . I . . . 1 i T ni.ii.it
' "' - " "rV"e
IlllllT-IS. Ill 1 HI'. "... ..v...
and which they have always connect-;
cd with Wohblyism. despite repeated,
declarations from Smith that he does
not carry the red card. Blame at- j
tadied to Heard is based on the as-'
scrtion that whether unwittingly or,
wittingly, he opened the way for Cro-1
al'f and" McCluskey. both apparently j
in his favor, to walk into the trap in !
which they were so badly squeezed
along with Smith. I
That while this blunder was still hot
delivery of the'""" . "
. et ..1 1. 1 ...nil.. I.... tl... ...Mil muni i
Serious I last O III lilt- nmirn mc l m.
. . , - i ,i ... i i w
isviupathv with an acsnowledged I.
,-. 1 - . . ,. . ., ..,,..,;,
W. tnovcnieiit. ami that in violatioi
it ion
i of the laws of his own organization.
I an.l in contempt of the orders of its
national head, is considered unex
plninnble in any straight way.
Silver Bill
The silver bill as passed by con-
press and signed ny tne presicienc
and which means much to the mining
districts of this state, is as follows:
A.N ACT to conserve the gold sup
ply of the 1'nitcd States; to permit
the settlement in silver of trade bal-jis
ances adverse to the I nited States;
to provide silver for subsidiary coin-i
.
ace atnl tor commercial use; in assiM
foreign governments at war with the
enemies of the. rr.ited States; and
ICir l lie a ocivf pill pt-st-s III itiAinur uir
nriee unit encourage the nroduction of
silver.
I .. it ..ii:h-iimI In- the Senate and
House oi nepresentaiives oi me in
tted States III .nierica ill Ollgress, HS-i
sembled. that the Secretary of the I
Treasury is hereby authorized from j
time to time to melt or break up and
to sell as bullion dot in excess of three j
hundred and fifty million standard .
silver dollars now or hereafter held i
. , ,..,., I
. ... ..11 ll.l w t- i
Miv silver c-riiiicate wnicii mav nein. i ni unm aim i - on j. .......
outstanding against suc h standard sil-, del and l.ee rami ot l lie Arizona .vioss
ver dollars so melted or broken up, back Mines Co. are on the ground su ;
shall be retired at the rate of $1 face j pervising the construc tion of a com- f
amount of such certificate for each plete cmap and the installation of a.
standard silver dollar so melted or ! compete plant or machinery. Direc-j
broken up. Sales of such bullion shall ' tors Speidel and Paul! are from Wheel ,
he made at stii h prices not less than ing. West Virginia, in which place!
Jl per ounce of silver one thousand most of the stock has been placed.
nne and upon su. n terms as snan - - ,
es.al.lished Tom time to time bv ,he,er,y whh is aho.it t.ve n.Hes fron
Se.retatv of the Treasury. .Oat man. half a rio7on hmldincs ','
SKC 2. That upon every such sale be built, a powerful plan, will be in-:
of bullion from time to time the Sec- stsalled and the main shaft sunk from j
(i ntimiM on race Two)
WEB OPEN UPRUMOR PREDICTS
ROCK IN
HIGGINS DISTRICT
(By Hilly Delbridge)
A body of ore as rich as ever dis
' covered in the Warren district, has
i hen finened nn in Itip HipiiTi m'np f
by leasers and it has the appearance
! of belna; a very large deposit.
Three rounds of holes have been
blasted in the hiL'h grade and the
fourth round is being drilled as this;
article is being written," in a Full'
breast of solid cuprite ore. which is I
the highest grade of copper ore in the I
camp. i
The ore was struck on a fault run- j
ning nort'i and south, about 150 feet j
from the boundary line of the Copper j
Queen, in a portion of the Hie-jins I
grniind hitherto undeveloped.
1 he story of the find is stranger i
than fiction. Ed. Stoltz, a resident ot j
the district for seventeen years, had
worked for a long time in the South
west mine of the Queen and was fa
miliar with the formation. When he i
BONANZA
went to work In the H:gsins.'lie be-1 ports reached the Wurren district ia
came convinced that this section of j many channels during the past several
the mine was the same formation and 'days.
with his partner. Dan Lvy. made a j The belief that the price of the
careful inspection of the surface nidi-, metal will be raised to 23 cents ia
cations which resulted in the decision based on the sharp increase in the
to take a chance of striking the ore cost of production. A large number
zone by crosscutting from the Hig-iof the copper companies have issued
gins tunnel. f i their annual reports for last year and
A lease was secured for a year and they all reveal a very much higher
the drift started in the hardest ot i cost over the previous years and ex
lime formations. Many rounds had to J coedingly higher than in normal times,
he blasted the second time to break j Taking the cost of construc tion
the ground. Requiring financial as-'and the excess profits taxes it cost
sistance. Albert Hergnulst. of Wat-j the Calumet & Heda Company last
kins & Bercpiist. and Wm. Robinson I year over 17 cents per pound to pro
acquired a quarter interest each. Rob-1 duce its copper as aeain.;t about l'l
inson is an old timer in the camp, com jcents in 1J 1 S and between lrt and 11
ing here fifteen years ago and he lias cents in normal years. Other Lake
had opportunity to study t'le forma- j companies show t!ie same relativ es in
tion in even.- part of the district. He creases and the porphyries have been
ia n tireless nrnsnectfir anri nne nf the! ills! as arivprselv nfferteil
.nest practical miners in the camp..
.
Hergquist has worked In the mines,
although now in business, and he has
a L-'cn i.f.ni't.ntinn if nrp vnlnps ld
jtne .-hanicter of ore deposits found in
,,hp Warrn district.
It was necessary to drive 123 feet
before reac hing the ground which
: hm been leased to them by the Hie -
e;ns Hnd herein lies t'ie part that
........... .,!,,. -...m.l., vix-o font in.
jside their own line they struc k green
, caiiwu'.ate ore in the lime; thev turned
j to the right and in about fifteen fee!
i struck .the immense boclv of cuprite
Whic h will doubtless put tlieni all on
!,.asy street" a
: Cncie Sam wit
j number of ni'n
and incidentally furnish
it li lots of copper, put a
miners to work and benefit
-ovorv business enterprise in the dis-j
trict.
These no n deserve no small anAuint i
j 0f re,iit for their demonstration ofi1
I w hat true crit and intelligence can do !
jn Bisbce and the best wishes of the
' ruimnumt v are being extended on ev-j
. .
er ,,,,n"
MINING ACTIVITY IN
OATMAN DISTRICT IS
GIVEN BIG IMPETUS
! the strike started in Julv and opera
OAT.MAX. Ariz.. April 2S. -Mining XW1 w,,rp rsUmed Khoptlv before
activity in the Oat man Pistrict has I (hf, fjrs, ((f s,.pU.,nlt.r normal con
received a decided impetus within the (Iiti(II,s. however, did not prevail un
pa'st two weeks. The openenig of the j (i, ril(.ti,.,,iv ,i,e close of the vear.
Cold Hoad mill by the Gold Ore Mm-. tna. j.!lt six months earnings
ing Company has resulted in the em-1 .,.r( ,.nljrev unsatisfactory,
pioyment of a largely increased force! N(.t before deducing the
of men. (excess profits tax for which the rom-
Tlie daily tonnage at the mill is be-pallv rerv,.( $-J!.t;4:t. amounted to
ing gradually brought up nearer to the jlt;i --j as ..omiiared with 34S.TS
KM) ton bojective. Milling operations i ,n njvalcnt to 11.73 per share
are proceeciiag wittiout a single ue -
j lay or niisnap anu ine resuus so iar
j achieved are extremely -satisfactory.
Gold Road Mill
At the Une Road section of the : f a Re(I 4ross dividend. Thus be
Ciold Road property a forc e of men f aiewjne fr depreciation and tax-
employed preparing for the install-1
. ing of tne new crusiiing plant. llls,dends amoutiting
work lias also involved the employ-
t .. i i.. ..r .. I
nunc oi i.iiki-i iu n m in.-n.
Big Jim Con
1 nder the direction of Superintend-j
riu ninmi ...........
ed with the lorn need, a new-
III. P. engine has been installed at the
. i i. i f i ,h
I Jim Consolidated, formerly the
, ...ue .... ... ' ""''
is luni-u inn oi mr i:i n.... imuu ;
sinking will commence. The new en-
gine assures ample power to handle,
any possible flow of water, and will,
be operated as an auxiliary to the,
rgular power plant,
Arizona Mossback
f,..si.l..nt C W hii. r Ser relarv W
(Continued on Page Two)
PRICE ADVANCES
FOR FALL METAL
Authentic Reports Declare
Copper Will Be Fixed at
Twenty-Five Cents When
Board Meets in May.
Rumors are being circulated
throughout the east from very good
quarters to the effect that when the
copper interests meet the Government
authorities in May to discuss the
price of copper there is a very good
chance that the price of the' metal
will be increased to 25 cents. It is
also said that in addition to raising
the official price the conference will
also settle the differences which have
arisen between the producers and tiie
refiners in regard to tJie charges for
the refining of the metal. These re-
i ...
Aitliouen the Anaoni!a costs
are
j not published it is understood Miat
j the increase In the cost of that com-
I lus l.nr U'.'id sr-n-nit fivo runrt
per pound. As these hluher expenses
were brought about chWly by forces
i entirely outside the control of the
producers, and in some cases the was-
! es of the miners liave been increased
! bv activities of the Government rep-
! nKun'itivix h !..... ..,,,,,1 ru.
j son to expect that the War Board will
l take such action as will encourage the
I producers to make strenuous efforts
to increase the output of t.'ieir prop-
i erties. it is rranzec mat notntns
would bring this abo-ir better than
; an inc rease in the pric e of the metal
I to 23 cents a pound.
IJ
irilil
PROSPECT IS BRIGHT
Arizona Commercial Mining Com
pany's showing for , the year ended
Dec-ember last was all that stockhold
ers could wish for. when it is taken
into consideration that operations
were seriouslv interrupted in the last
half of the year, owing to the strike
of miners. But for this strike it is
apparent that much larger earnings
would have been realized. Although
jnElli
ilnst 07 in the nrevions vear. Out
()f t!li:, tolaI Arizona omniercial pai.i
, m ,ivi,,.n(s $1.0 of which ten cents
W;ls Daj(I , stoc kholders in the form
es there was a surplus after divi-
to $40.73!.
l-at vear
A 1 1 ' i:iia ( n mere la 1
,i,i !-.. tmw nf nr. from whuh
! ;rt0.f4!t pounds of copper were pro-
as compared with 4S.S.9tons
.(:iii the previous year from which was
i rA" ;' , 'I .. ' a .,.',. .',,,
' would seem that the company is run
ning Into a much better grade of ore.
with favorable conditions ofr the rest
of the current year indications point
to the best twelve months ni the com
pany"s history. Another factor which
hurt earnings was the substantial de
cline in silver which totaled only
3 20S ounces. This low production
came at a most inopportune time as
I tlif price for silver was substantially
higher in 1917 than existed in 1U16.
In order to reach a fairer basis to
compute the excess profit taxes the
company marked up the value of its
mine and plant from $t.703.i'2 in 1!U6
to $ :.7::2.073 last year.
Present indications appear most fa
vorable for Arizona Commercial. With
a better grade of ore being enconn-
, js apparrt that copper pro
establish a new high reo
. a(,oition th r(mipanv oucht
' J 'n; ,rErot from
'fj 0f
the metal set at the dollar mark. TWO
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, APRIL 28, 1918.
ARIZONA COPPER OUTPUT MAY PASS
RECORD DURING COMING MONTHS
(Continued from Page One)
retary cf the Treasury shall immedi
ately direct the Director of the Mint
to purchase in the I'nited States, of
the product of mines situated in the
I'nited States and of reduction works
so located, an amount of silver equal
to three hundred and seventy-one and
....o 6..uo poses" aIld the powers conferred up-
si ver in respect of every standard ' D . . . , . . ,, ... ,
. ,, , . , i on the President by subsection (b) or
silver dollar so melted or broken up approved Octob-
and sold as bullion. Such Purchases
shall be made ,n accordance with the e "Trading With the
tr.cn existing regulat.ons of the Mmt
and at the f.xed price of $1 per ounce ! exportation from or ship-
of silver one thousand fine, delivered ,, , tbi ., .k
... .. , ' . ment from or taking out of the United
at the option of the Director of the , , , ,
Mint at New lork. Plnladelph a Den
ver or San Francisco. Such silver so
purchased may be resold for any of, J he" purcUased as therein
the -purposes hereinafter specified in nrnvj(jp(j
section three of -this Act, under rules p " m ah v
fSrrolTai SecretaryMMcA0doo. n'7 letter to
over and above the requirements, for;
such purposes, shall be coined into ;
standard silver dollars or held for the!
purpose of such coinage, and silver
certificates shall be issued to the
amount of such coinage. The net ;
amount of silver so purchased, after
making allowance for all resales, shall ;
not exceed at anv one time the amount ,
needed to coin an aggregate number !
of standard silver dollars equal to the ; '""J. V nnn nAn
.I, 160.000.000 ounces to 266,000,000
aggregate of standard silver dollars' ' iU -uu.vuwvuu
, , j ounces per annum according to the
theretoiore melted or broken up and ., , ' ... ,u . , f. ... .
sold as bullion under the provisions l"'1 '1 otf tn Wrector of the Mint,
of this Act, but such purchases of sit-; "fi0" !? he year 1916 L afmoU"t;
ver shall continue until the netled J.800'00" ThI' u iOT f
amount of silver so purchased, after t t19l t0 be rX
making allowance for all resales, shall . 'uate,' 160 000.000 ounces. Apart
he sufficient to coin therefrom an ae-lfrom industrial requirements, estimat-
r.a.P number nf ctrri ilvpr do . 1
lars equal to the aggregate number of funura "1,ver is used W na,Uns
standard silver dollars theretofore so j f01 subsidiary coinage and by India
melted or broken up and sold as bul-l?nd ner Oriental countries for ma
jj . ! jor coinage. In China uncoined silver
' , ... ,,, 'circulates as money. There are now
hhC. 3. That sales of silver bullion the TreasUry of the United states
under authority of this Act may be j approximatelv 490.000,000 of Standard
made for the purpose of conserving! silver DonarS( containing " approxi
the existing stock of gold in the I nit-; D1&te, y 375.000,000 ounces of fine
ed States, of facilitating the settle-' :,..- AainKt thpsp standard Silver
ment in silver of trade balances ad
verse to the United States, of provid
ing silver for subsidiary coinage andver certificates r3main outstanding, a
for commercial use, and of assisting!
lureisn gmenmei i, i r "a u.olar8 niust be he(j for tneir redemp
enemies of the Inited States. The . c, moara. ; n.
allocation of any silver to the Dfrec-
t?'f,t ie v.lnt fr subs'd'ar' c,nae
shall, for the purpose of tins Act, be 1
regarded as a sale or resale. !
SEC. 4. That the Secretary of the
Treasury is authorized from any mon
eys in the Treasury not otherwise ap
propriated, to reimburse the Treasury1
of the United States for the difference '
between the nominal or face value of:
all standard silver dollars so melted ,
1 or broken up and the value of the sil-
ver bullion, at $1 per ounce of silver j
one thousand fine, resulting' fronKtie,
melting or breaking up of such stand
ard silver dollars.
SEC. 5. That in order to prevent : the present 300 foot level at a depth
contraction cf the currency, the Fed-'0f 500-or 600 feet,
eral reserve banks may be either per-! United Eastern Results
initted or required by the Federal Ue-I During March the United Eastern
serve Board, at the request of the j miu treated 7930 tons of ore having
Secretary of the Treasury, to issue . a total value of lao,065 or $19.56 per
Federal reserve bank notes. In any ; ton. Extraction was 96.65 per cent
denominations t including denomina-; and net profits realized were $91,692.
tk.ns of $1 and ?2) authorized by thej Average values were lower than usual
Federal Reserve Board, in an aggre- because most of the ore mined during
gate amount not exceeding the ' the month came frcm the south por
amount of standard silver dollars ! tion of the ore body, wher the ore is
melted cr broken up and sold as bul- j not so rich as it is further to the
lion under authority of this Act, upon ' porth.
deposit as -provided by law with thej The . tenth monthly dividend of 5
Treasurer of the United States as 6e- cents per share will be mailed ta stock
curity therefore, of United States cer- holders on April 26. This makes a
tificates of indebtedness, or of United total of. $681,500 that has been dis
States one-year gold notes. The Sec-jtrib uted among United Eastern stock
retary of the Treasury may, at his op- holders since last July,
lion, extend the time of payment ofj Tom Reed
any maturing United States certili-! Connection has been made between
cates of indebtedness deposited as j the Bald Eagle and the Gray Eagle
security for such Federal reserve bank
notes for any period not exceeding one
year at any one extension and may
at his option, pay such certificates of
indebtedness prior to maturity, wheth
er or not so extended. The deposit
of United States certificates of in
debtedness by Federal reserve banks
as security for Federal reserve bank
nriis under authority of this Act shall
be deemed to constitute an agreement
on the part of the Federal reserve was disclosed. In order to enable the
hank making such deposit that the ' mill to properly treat the higher grade'
Sec retary of the Treasury may so ex-! ore the- Bald Eagle, three new thick
tend the time of payment of such cer-! ener tanks are being installed. Four
tifi(.a;es of indebtedness beyond thej old discarded Pachuca tanks are be
original maturity date or beyond any i ing taken out to make room for the
maturity date to which such certifi-! new ones.
cates of indebtedness may have been' Cross cutting is fetill progressing in
extended, and that the Secretary of the eastern portion of the Bald Eagle
the Treasury may pay sucJi certifi- claim for the purpose of locating the
rates in advance of maturity, whether vein north of the fault. One narrow
or. not so extended. I vein about three feet wide was en-
SEC. 6. That as ami 'when stand-! countered about 60 feet from the drift,
ard silver dollars shall be coined out! but it is believed the true vein is still
of bullion purchased under authority further north.
of this At, the Federal reserve banks
.shall be required by tlx: Federal Ke-'nnilrn I lOCHOCO
serve Board to retire Fidvr.il reserve : PI I WPK MLltllULO
bank nKs issued under authority of t W
section five of this At if then out! Ill 1 D fll IT TUCM
standing in an amount equal to thej ALL ADUU I I flLiM
amount of standard silver dollars so!
coined, and the Secretary of the;
Treasury shall pa- off and cancel any j A war measure, the intent and pur
United States ccrtifr.ates of indebted- pcse ot the federal explosives act is
noss deposited as security for Federal ..t prevrnt disloyal persons from pro
repprve bank notes so retired. curing explosives and tehir ingredi-
SEC. t. That tne Tax on any Fe:i-,tnts an(1 l0 kep explosives and in
cra! reserve1 bnnk notes issued under erpriipnta nut n the hands of nersans
auii'ority of this Act, secured by
- mi
deposit of I'nited States cpfUfHafs
)' .:' ii' ilni or i 'hi led States one
;ar nol'-s hi. ;.!! be ko adjusted that
iln- !!( ri'!urn en hucb c orlif ii at -s ot
iiiiit'liiodncsM. or !i h Oiif-ycar iold
notes, calculated on t'i- face value
tlierefur. sliall lie enua! to the net rc -
- -
turn on I'nited Stales two per cent
bonds, used to secure Federal reserve
bar.,: noies. after deduct inn t lie
amount of the tax upon such Federal
reserve bank notes so secured.
tKf. S. That except as herein pro-
vided. Federal reserve bank notes i -
sui'd unilcr authority of this Act. shall
b? subje t to al! exi.-tina provisions
of ln-.- relatine to
Federal
j es'i Vi
bank .iutes.
EC. 9. That the
provisions ol
Title VII of an Act approved June
fifteenth, nineteen hundred and seven
teen, entitled, "An Act to Punish Acts
of Interference With the Foreign Re.
la'.ions, the Neutrality, and the For
eign Commerce of the United States,
to Punish Espionage, and Better to
Enforce the Criminal Laws of the
United States, and For Other Pur-
! suments in favor of immediate enact
; ment of this legislation. He is quoted
'as follows:
"I have examined the draft of the
bill and venture to recapitulate briefly
il"B "c
lue rea!,',s ""-n' JuUBeuieut.
re,'u,re,. it9 The annual
Production of silver has varied in re-
c at aDOUt 100.000.000 ounces per
"i Dollars there are outstanding silver
' certificates, and io long as these sit
corresponding amount of Silver Dol-
egtIonaMy in tne interegt cf a coun-
try as a whole for the prosecution of
War"
'
MINING ACTIVITY IN
OATMAN DISTRICT IS
GIVEN BIG IMPETUS
( CoTi! i rr H"l from Page One)
workings on the 525 foot level. The
two drifts came together on Thurs-
day. This provides ventilation for the
miners on this level, bupt. Phelps
will now bet his entire three shifts
at work thoroughly cross cutting the
Bald Eagle ore body every 50 feet
for its entire 550 feet of length.
As this work progresses prepara
tions will be made to begin stoping
along the drift where the best ore
I wno win not protect mem careiunj
. ... .i ..ii..
enough to trevent them from be'ng
stolon or us 'd for unlawful purpo
Miinutacliirers. venders, purchasers,;
importers, exporters, analysts ana ,
foreman are the cliisses of licen ies. I
In Arizona th? majority of licenses
. i . ... ....i1.JU.c . n
OH. III jlUIVNBdVI.. MU
; alysts and foremen.
j "proprietors of hardware, general!
;.,,. handise and ilma stores, and on-!
j tractors reiiiio vendor's licenses i nd
j addition a licensed foreman who
j Ufiidles the explosives and issues them
from the magazine,
! Farmers and contractors, who ll ;e
explnsixes, prospiM tors, mining and
; custruetmn companies, require jur
i liiiser's lieeiiM-s mid also a licuswl
loreuiau except where the original
purchaser acts also in the capacity of
foreman, handling all the explosives
and remaining on the ground to issue
the powder and see that unused por
tions are returned to the magazine.
With large concerns this is obviously
impossible for the original purchaser
j to act as foreman also.
Thetts of powder are to be reported
'to th lkensots, state inspector and
i the director, bureau of mines, Wash
ington, D. C. Thefts of ore do not
come under the jurisdiction of tho
state inspector of explosives unless
stolen powder be involved or powler
is used unlawfully and without a li
cense, in which case it Is reported to
him but in any case all thefts of ma
chinery and ores -should be reported
to the local officers.
County clerks, clerks of boards of
supervisors, justices of the peace, and
notaries public are usually appointed
licensing officers, Arizona hawng
about 1,116 licensors.
Besides the licensors and state in
spector, the director, bureau of mines
may, for enforcing the law, utilize all
federal, state and county police such
as the U. S. Marshall, county sheriffs,
and their deputies, and municipal po
lice officers.
Unlawful using, selling or possess
ing explosives is punishable by a fine
not exceeding $5,000 or by Imprison
ing not more than one year or both
such fine and imprisonment.
U. S. Explosives Licensor Cochie Co.
A. C. Karger. Tombstone.
D. T. Dunlap, Douglas
J. L. Powell, Bisbee.
John G. Gungl. Willcox.
M. J. Sullivan, Gleeson.
Wm. D. Monmonier, Pearce .
J. C. Hancock, Paradise
A Hines, Johnson.
W .L- Crawford, Dos Cabezos.
J. J. Thompson, Bowel
Carlos E. Bolton, Courtland.
Sam Haldeman. Light.
F. L. Holt, McNeal.
H. S. Chamberlain, San Simon.
Mm. Shillian, Benson.
Herman Precht, Apache
Thomas Robinson, Turner.
PHELPS DODGE SHOWS
SLIGHT DECREASE IN
1917 ANNUAL REPORT
The Phelps Dodge report c6mpares
asfo Hows:
1917
Sales of copper $48,978,772
Sale of coal and mdse 12,182,687
Other income 1.100,727
Total income $62.2G2,186
Expenses ., 39,805.280
Net earnings $22,456,906
Dividends $10,800,000
Surplus 11.656,906
Res. for mine depletion 5.516.526
Surplus $6,140,280
Previous surplus 15,687.126
Total surplus $21,827,506
Inc. in valuation of mine 110.069,341
Final surplus $131,896,847
1916
Net earnings $24,030,904
Dividends 14,625,000
Surplus - 9,405.904
lies, for mine depletion 2,056,642
Surplus $7,349,262
Previous surplus 8.337.S64
Total surplus 15,687.126
Final surplus $15,687426
The annual report says in part:
"During the early part of the year
the market price for copper reached
a record figure, which acted as an
incentive to push production to the
maximum. The output for the first six
months from your properties reached
the large figure of 80,497,835 lbs. In
June and July labor troubles, fomented
at Bisbee by the I. W. W. and at Mo
renci by the local Mexican union,
served in the case of the Copper
Queen Branch to seriously affect the
ore production and in the case of the
Morenci Branch to cause complete
suspension of operations for a period
of four months. In September the
United States government fixed an
arbitrary market price for copper at
23 l-2c per pound, which obtained
through the balance of the year. Ow
ing to the greatly increased produc
tion costs, due to the high cost of lab
or and supplies, and the seriously de
creased efficiency of labor, this price
caused a certain reduction of output
because of the inability to work prof
itably low-grade ore which previously
had allowed a small margin of profit.
"The metal produced from the ores
of the branches and subsidiaries of
the Phelps Dodge Corporation was
153,974.692 pounds of copper; 8.136
356 pounds of lead; 1.524.632 ounces
of silver, and 24,423 ounces of gold;
and. in addition, there was purchased
or smelted on toll at the reduction
works ores yielding 51.907,525 pounds
of copper; 946,921 ounces of silver and
10,957 ounces of gold.
"Including copper received from
other sources. 29n.522.5H9 pounds were
sold and delivered to buyers at a price
of 26.67c per pound, net cash f. o. b.
New York. To domestic trade 185,131.
891 pounds and to foreign trade 105
390.678 pounds.
"The company sold of their own
mine product 156.1 14.518 pounds of
copper; from ores purchased 16.681
572 pounds of copper; on commission
117.726,579 pounds.
"The above consisted of C. Q. elec
trolytic copper 274,994.140 pounds,
and P. D. ingot copper 15,528.429
pounds."
Some arc giving 'their
lives
The least YOi' c;m !'
Buy Liberty Dcids
THE REVIEW
Job Department
will furnish you an estimate
on that job on short notice
BROAD COMMERCIAL
GERMANY TO WAR, DECLARE EXPERTS
I Getmuny went to war to f.ain greater
control ever markets for her "i:mu
' i;:c:urtd Mods and over the sources
j r f raw materials that enter into the
I making o ' such goods, an1 the gir.ntic
i failure of these uiumrrri::l niais is
I already apparent. Such is the definite
conclusion reached by Chaunccy I).
i n,iu- aur:tnt fiaf tf the hnrJtl f)f
foreign and domestic commerce, and
his collaborator. Mr. J. J. Krai, in a
report issued today by the depart ment
of commerce. The report is tha result
of months of investigation of German
political, industrial, and commercial
activities before and after the out
break of the war, the valus of which j
is enrancea Dy me fact tnai mt. f.uo
was engaged in an industrial stu.ly in
Germany at the time hostilities com
menced. Germany's problem as viewed by
her rulers was, in the words of Dr.
Kari Helfferich, to overcome "the limi
tation of German territory and the re
strictions imposed by our climatic con
ditions, in connection with the growth
of our population and its increasing
and more refined requirements." 'i
report adds that "Germany also con
fidently expected as a result of this
war to get huge indemnities, which,
like the great indemnity exacted from
France in 1871. would pay the bill ol
the war, and would likewise clear the
way for uninterrupted, unparalleled
strides, leaps, and bounds in industry
and trade. Germany unqu?stionably
counted on crippling the resources and
competitive power of her chief Euro
pean commercial competitors."
Failure of Aims
"The gigantic failure of the.-e com
mercial aims of Germany in going to
war is already apparent," assert the
authors. "President Wilson has stated
the attitude of the United States on
the subject of the aims of annexation
and indemnity. England and France
have most effectively demonstrated
the mettle of their competitive pow?r
power in industry and resources. When
Germany attempts to resume trade, it
will be with at least eighteen coun
tries that have actually been in a
state of war against her, and at least
nine that have sevred ditjniatic re
lations with her. German commercial
policy and German traders and invest
ors will henceforth have to face gov-j
ernments ana commercial puuiK' in
every community of the world which
are enlightened as to the German
way of doing things. Commercial
treaties withythe advantages all on
the German side will be hard to nego
tiate. It will be a rare country v here
Germany may dominate trade, indus
try, shipping, and finance without lo
cal realization fnd opposition.'' !
The primary object of the rport Is j
to throw light on Germany's prepared-!
ness for trade after the war. a subject I
that has been anxiously discussod in !
this and the allied countries. To aid
in reaching an intelligent conclusion
on this subject a great many pages
are devoted to such subjects as Ger
many's war-time industries, trade or
ganizations, money and banks, raw ma
terials, labor conditions, land and
water transportation, war loans, taxa
tion, and proposed monopolies. We j
learn from these that obstacles lae
not melted away so readily before Ger
man ?fficiency as many Americans
have supposed that there has been seri
ous bungling in high places, profiteer
ing, gross mismanagement, and in
tense dissatisfaction among the work
ing classes. Stocks of materials have
been used up, substitutes have tailed
to satis 'y. equipment has deteriorated,
some industries have profited greatly
by the war at the expense of efficiency ;
for peace times. i
"Owing to the uncertainties cf war."
says Mr. Snow and Mr. Krai, "most.
of the measures for re-entering foreign !
trade are still in the stage of discus-;
sion, only a few having receivd leg-:
islative sanction. Many of the indus
tries have been syndicated or consDli-1
dated; an Imperial Ministry of Eco-i
filmtr A f 'aire line Kfif.li frpatntl. -iiili. !
sidies have been voted to rehabilitate j
the merchant marine; steps have b.'eni
taken to promote the exportation of'
German goods under the guise of neu !
tral products. . I
Obstacles to Overcome
' The loss of capital during the war. j
the hick of ship space, and the o'ifli-,
culty in obtaining foreign credits and ;
means of payment for the imports of
raw materials and loodstuffs are re
garded in Gtimutiy as the principal
obstacles to a speedy rebuilding ol
the foreign trade. The low exenango
value of tl.e mark will enforce econ
omy in importation, and the state will
be obliged to interfere 'not beri,usu
L. J. OVERLOOK, BROKER
Correspondent!: Paine, Weber & Co, Boston, Duluth, Calumet.
LOGAN & BRYAN, NEW YORK AND CHICAGO.
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCI-
When You Think of Buildi
Think of
LUMBER
J. W. P. S3HTH
Manager
AIMS PROMPTED
i. h;:s bci cm- socialistic hut hi'e'ii.s."
it will hac no other choice.
"In spite of ;n t ie )OMml-s i':;at
will confront the Germans, however,
it will be well to hear in mini tr.y
l :ct. as pointed out by ihcs c;nin":i
Italian lawyer, Eucardio Miii!li.iii3.
that there is need of preparing for
detens in order that German busi
ness may not continue its old methods
of epiiet penetration in one country
after another. People everywhere
are nowawal ' to the German meth
ods, "but the mistake must not be made
ofunderestimsting the recuperthe
power c.i the Germans and of ovtr
stimating the effects of the burden
o" billions resting on Germany as a
result of the war. There is dinger
thta even in defeat this 'economic
reality of seventy million Germans' in
the middle of Europe Is going to con
tinue to dream the dreams of middle
EtiroDe. followed by the dreams of
middle Africa, and also the dreams
o: a German world.
"President Wilson .has stated a pol
icy of the removal, so far as possible,
of all economic barriers and the es
tablishment of an equality of trade
conditions among all the nations con
senting to the peace and associiting
themselves for its maintenance. He
has further advocated the formation
of an association of nations to make
Hie world safe, but in doing so he
has stated that it may be necessary
io leave Germany without the bone
fits of the free economic intercourse
wlik-h must inevitably spring out o!
t!-e partnerships of real peace. Apart
from questions of governmental pol
icy, there is a clear duty resting on
American business men Individually
to keep their eyes open to German
competition in whatever form it :may
come. The American government, in
concert with the governments of the
other great nations, will see to it
that Germany, as a government. ! luiU
r.encefovth operate in the open. Aiiier
ican business men. like business men
in the other great countries. tuu:-t
likewise see to it that all operations
of German trade enterprises shall take
place in the open and bear a ilear
indication of having been "male in
Gf rmany." "
Supplementing the report proper
there is an exhaustive statistical an
alysis of Germany's import trade,
which makes clear the dependence ol
German Industries upon Imported rav
i.ip'.ei ials. and also a number of per
tinent translations from German and
ether foreign publications. Under the
tit ie "German Trade and the War,"
.Viscollaneous Series No. 65. this re
port is sold at the nominal price of
25 cents by the superintendent o
documents. Government Printing
Office. Washington. D. C. and by all
the district and cooperative offices of
the bureau of foreign and domestic
commerce.
REVIEW WANT AOS BRING
RESULTS.
BISBEE TRANSFER,
STORAGE & COAL CO.
Warehouse & Office OpiiOaite Depot
PHONES 640 and 50.
Contractor and Builder
ESTIMATES AND PLANS
FURNISHED
Wm. McDOUG ALL
OPPOSITE LINCOLN SCHOOL
PHONE GREEN 728
CHICHESTER S PILLS
W'jr TIIK IUAMOM HR4VK A
tomrriwt. Ask fm II 1-4 II H
IHAlToM ItKAMft I'll.l.H, f .
years k nn Best. Safeit. Alwiv Krliil la
SOLD BY DfiLGQISTS EVERVWHERf
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Sollciti Your
Patronage
PHONE 58
iiifr
COMPANY
Phone 88
I
uaiMi au fair vrucciill-f x
11 1 is in Kr4 aaJ 4iol4 nctailtAW
rwr. seaiM with Itlu kit. V
T.L. . tk. ... .r u V
.TFD1
You Can't Rub It Away; ,
Rheumatism is in the Blood
Liniments Will Never Cure.
If you are afflicted -with Rheuma-li!-m,
why waste time with liniments,
lotions and other local applications
that never did cure Rheumatism, and
never will?
Do not try to rub the pain away,
for you will never succeed. Try the
sensible plan of finding the cause of
the pain, and go after that. Remove
the cause, and there can be no pain.
You will never be rid cf r.heuma-
A Bank which has grown to importance
through its policy of giving the most sat
isfactory service to its patrons that s our
Bank.
With every modern convenience we
are at your service.
Checking Accounts welcomed.
Bank with us.
VftfffFffffTfTfTff
COPPER
AND HIGH CLASS CAFE
I he Leet or cvcryihine at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 60c lurjtheon daily. Also $1.00 dinner from
5:30 to 7:30 p. m. Regular Board by the month, $40;
$10 by the wek.
Henry Poppea, Manager.
Bisbee Decorating Co.
General Painting, Paper Hanging, Tinting and
Signs. Perfect Kesults. Moderate Prices.
HUGHES BLOCK, OFTOSITE Y. W. C A.
P. O. Box 1531
Bisbee Lumber Company. in
EMIL MARKS, MGR.
r -H-
E-
Ir-i
Loo': :j ill" i.lr.;l;Vm
Ti -it is your ;,"'.r
anlcc of Mds:crSc:v;c.c
?C-'-.-:'!fc-'--'rr ;
- -v- . - v-v ?
Fs5 V. .-y.
fct; X r . : -
,
mi
i i
One Hundred Million Americans
Must Enlist to Win the War
i".-. n .v !i: - . -
..!. i h.s
i 1 i,
i.j i'
Cclinloihsfishl! Join the co;vd! Do ii New!
1NVCCT IN
LIBERTY BONDS
SPACE DONATED B
ARIZONA INSURANCE AGENCY
T. A. HUGH to, fvAN ACER
tism tintil you cleanse your blood cf
the germs that cause the disease?.
S. S. S. has never had an equal as a
blood purifier and scores of sufferers
say that it ha3 cleansed their blood of
Rheumatism, and removed all traca
of the disease from their system.
Get a bottle of S. S. S. at your
druff store, and get on the right
treatment to-day. If you want spe
cial medical advice, you can obtain it
free by addressing Medical Director;
23 Swift Laboratory. Atlanta, Ga.
rtf'fF'f'f'i'fTf' f
QUEEN HOTEL
Fhone 739
The Body off.
Our Paint
is pure white lead. It U mixed with
terpentine or pure liaseed oil ac
cording to whether it i$ to be used
for in or outside work. There is no
ght in It; no adulterants to make
its manufacture cheaper. Paint ex
perts always get their supplies
fere. Wouldn't it be wise for you
to follow their example.
C
2&
LOWELL CAR STOP.
PHONE
: E- tfs I?;: I W-i Ci rl iP; 6 rJ
ric-
Snrinar Time
i --o to.
Is Coming g
IT will really surprise
you how well we &
can make your last
Spring suit look.
There is a good reason j?
why you should "Make
It Do.
For HKHc!afts ciensing and
npairuig, e:!cpKiue us
BISFEE DYE AND 5g
CLEANING . g
WORKS. E
PHONF 296. JjJ
ez Ifs
" fi t e
-i f fis Fi f-is
!ii a:.;, t I'-i;1 win t' e wr-r. Plan
i ; j :r ji.-i. ai.a tu. one tl. e t un THE EISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, APRIL 23, 1918.
THREE
News of Social Circles
RED CROSS NEWS
To soot lie people .who call every
single- day, asking questions, demand
ing ?auze, tables, sewing machines
and oilier countless necessities that
are, needed for the Red Cross work
rooms, is enough work to keep one
capable woman busy all the time.
Why every one doesn't put their
shoulder to the wheel and work under
difficulties that would have daunted
Job. is a mystery. There are some,
both men and women, In the Warren
distric t who are giving every moment
of their time, not their spare, time,
but neglecting other things to put
forth every effort to work at anything
that they may be asked to do. It is a
business the name as running a shop
or regulating an office. A great de
gree of accuracy must be reached.
The smallest detail must be thought
of. the least money used to the best
advantage, the forming of committees,
doling out material, raising funds, are
a few of the items that must be con
sidered by the executive committee.
When these men and wpmen are will
ing and glad to give tueir time and
wide experience towards the promot
ing of this worthy work. Is it very
much to ask that all of the women ol
the Warren district give a day each
week to keep the "home fires burn
ing?" With never a complaint if con
ditions are not all they should be m
jiRut the more the merrier, and crowds
( denote a successful party and makes
filhe hostesses feel well rewarded. !
(I This is an admirable scheme, to
M give good refined enjoyment to ourj
soldiers. They have very lift!" tn:e
Of Interest to Women
THE ART OF DRESS
Tuesday had as guests at the Kca f(p sorja, fft af a lrain,nff r8n)p nd , I
Cross Tea Room Mrs. I.ca on Mrs. , bl(,tns aml onl,.als ar maDV -.at I York women are viewing whlii
Hugh Halhimer, Mrs. Kunii-ll Hatcher , mniJt bp fjr.p(, an(J dpat ,v1)l ,,,,,, keen interest and favor the new and!
and Miss Ruth lleney fitting isn't done at the front. Prom revolutionary solution of the dressl
Mis. II. U. Kiph and Mrs. Hugh n)orrv ,s of ,., ,iPr rillinK problem. The basis of tnis solution is :
Rallinuer are entertaining for Mrs. I . . " v... .,,...., ,. r the fac t that the entire wardrobe I
Iicaton on Monday afternoon it the , ,ttn.inn ihm . "ay and evening, Indoor and outdoor
the studio of liertiia Hollev, orig
inator of the wardrobe in New York.
home of the former. N. Stone avenue.
On Tuesday, Mrs. Beaton will be the
compnmen,,-. K i p.ve,. work up wfls tl.p hopp of ov(.ry
IM .Mrs. 1'. . jhf,iii .n in. i lulu ti , -
i by the charming matrons and maids
of Bisbee. That we keep the
wear-
has been planned as a single
nan i nits a definite practical as well as art-!
Dresent. . '. . .. . . " . ,'i
PmlP- , , ,r . Dancing on the tennis courts with '" p,"n,uT,n v 5 ",,rr;,SPU
Mrs. Gouley Burcbam of East Fifth ,,, gaIlant an( av w. n pi.cUv decree of economy I
street was hostess at four tables ot lrue mn Weal for Th(' ",ore nm Kments are: i
bridge Thursday afternoon, entertain- "' d TTh-ough all the long ! T''" a ne-PTe 'ss of a design ;
ing in honor of Mrs. Beaton. The at- Pry man thTca. perfect simplicity, yet the,
trartive home was beautifully decor- s"mTr.T,.,. ""iT T J? T." ,. 1"S. unt.roken lines artists demand in i
mod. roses heins used in urofaslon. wm 7 " """" dress: the undertunic, the combination
- - - - nr D 1 H BP Till TI t
pair of silver knit
The first prize, a
ting needles, was won by Mrs. D. B
Tait, who is the euest of her sister,
Mrs. Lautaro Roca. Mrs. Charles F.
Solomon carried off the guest prize,
a card of thrift stamps. Following the
game, tea was served.
g g '
Madame Grieselda who won a great
deal of fame abroad, and is a singer
of renown, 13 residing in Bisbee at the
present time attended the concert giv
en by the Bisbee talent Wednesday
afternoon. Madame Grieselda is now
married to an oil man and living in
the Warren District. She has given
up her professional life, but enjoys
music no matter where she hears it
ess nouse par. ics. . ,i-i- t!, nv-.TtnniV nn.l l,o r.
This program was given and each ! versiI)lo rn'at
number was greeted with clue applause 'T"ho slip' is niade without sleeves.
Solo by Miss Horton. solo hv Miss I in matcrial. The undertunic is of
yuiiin, rauniK i.y wcui aim self-material, chiffon or georgette, j
the work rooms, and with a sacrifice ; and was so moved with the recital
each day if demanded. that she wrote the following letter to
The "junk drive" was successful as i the Review:
far as it went. Only about one-fifth ofj "I attended the concert Wednesday
the district was covered. Forty boys ' afternoon, given in the gymnasium of
worked hard but that isn't enough: the high school by Bisbee talent, and
ISO good reliable boys who can be de- j enjoyed a program which would do
penned upon are needed. 'credit to any larger musical centers o!
Now, boys, this is a splendid way'. the world, and which far exceeded
to help fncle Sam. Every one of you my anticipations, both forlhe artistic
would like to wear a uniform, but you 1 merits and the scholarly manner in
can't, so you can do the next best j which each participant acquitted him
thing; make the "junk drive"' history, self.
When you grow up and look back and j "The numbers rendered from begin
know that you did your bit by raising ning to end were a source of great
$100 a month for the Red Cross, it i pleasure to the large audience, and
will be something to be proud of. j called forth enthusiastic responses.
The negro' population of Fort Hua-I "Bisbee may indeed feel Itself hon
cliuca'wish to start a surgical dress-jojed and fortunate in being able to
ing class. In order to do this an aux-i produce such an array of talent. Each
iliary will have to be formed. participant gave his best and highest
Miss Fitzgerald and Miss Hade have ! in artistic and musical merit, and it
offered their services to do typing for
the Red Cross: Miss .Fitzgerald will
be in the library rooms on Friday af
ternoons and Miss Hade will get
work that is left at the Y. W. C. A.
and take it home with her.
A cutting machine has been donated
by Mr. Myers, mgr. of the p. I), store.
It will save time and labor. Over
would seem unfair to lay stress on
any particular aspirant. a3 each one
in himself stood out in his own partic
ular line of endeavor with a clearness,
distinctiveness and artistic beauty of
tone and coloring, that made the con
cert as a whole the success it proved
itself to be, and once more I reiterate
that Bisbee has every reason to feel
half the afternoon is spent in cutting j itself proud of this production of art
gauze. Ttiis is a splendid donation as and artistes that one usually only
it would he quite expensive if the Red I only looks for in the larger cities in
Cross had to buy one. , the world.
Mrs. Trees at Mason stop has given I "Tte magnificent concert pianist I
a sewing machine to the Red Cross, j found in Mrs. Sam Frankenberg to
Nothiug could be needed worse. There get he with the splendid singing ol
solo by Edward Porter.
This week has been a musical fes
tival indeed. It has excelled the wild
est hopes of every one in the Warren
District. It was appreciated by youne
and old and upon every side one hears
the desire expressed that this will
only be the beginning of these elevat
ing recitals.
Local talent and foreign were en
joyed the same. It isn't necessary to
leave home in order to hear nrtists.
has been discovered. Skill and won
derful incenuity abound in the War
ren District.
The entertainers that came from
afar need no introduction. But praise
is given and the proper estimate of
their worth is sincerely felt.
Miss Sallie McCall, music supervis
or of public schools, deserves much
credit for managing and introducing
this splendid week of music. It has
been an education in itself. And only
a well trained musician could have
planned it.
as ti
A very pleasant surprise was held
at the heme of Mrs. Sam Cowan on
Wednesday evening in honor of H. F.
Grant's birthday. The house was
tastily decorated in pink and white
and whist furnished the amusement
for the evening. The following guests
This convenient garment supplies':
yoke and sleeves, anil being separate
is not only easily cleaned, but can be
exchanged for other undertunic to be
worn with the same slip. The com
bination undertunicr is the same gar
ment lengthened so as to serve alsl)
for corset ccver and petticoat. The
cvertunic, made in several different
forms, goes on easily over the head
and when combined with the slip gives i
it an entirely new effect. !
A favorite material for the slip is j
blue siik crepe, as this can be worn i
both for clay and evening. The crepe I
slip is worn witK a long sleeved un-
dertnnie of dark shade for morning j
street use; with a long sleeved under-,
tunic of lighter shade for afternoon I
and luncheons, while for tea and in
formal dinners a plain chiffon over
tunic may be added. In the evening,
the crepe slip is worn by itself, as low
neck, or with a short sleeved under
tunic of sheer chiffon, and sometimes
also an elaborate hand-painted over
tunic is put on.
The reversible coat is often made up
of velvet lined with gold or silver 1
satin. By a clever arrangement of the
collar, the coat can be worn with high
cellar 'n the morning, wide, low col
lar and apnliqued lapels in the af
ternoon, while in the evening the vel
vet side is turned in and the satin
outside. These garments are not dis-
WATS
The more military spirit in hats Is
yi"!diiig to thu more frivilous fancies,
as rosei and trailing arbutus appear.
Wide brimmed hats wiih all their
witchery are worn. A rose and ma
dona tine rcmliinutioii is iis-d upon
the same I at. ritra'v of line niilan
just the shade of :;n Americ an Beauty
ro;-cb!id. and a band of rose ribbon,
em'-oic'.ered v.ir'a ,tiny blue si f ays
and euged with a narrow strip of
Lrown squirrel encircles the crown
and forms a looped bow in the back.
Tiiis hat is only worn correctly when
worn with an afternoon dress.
In this day of the I.iherty Loan and
the Savings Stamp campaign which
every good American is interested in,
a hat 'ias bee n designed that is called
a "War Scamp Hat." It is made of
alternating squares of silver and bine
feather stitching. The soft crown is
swathed with blue satin and the brim
is faced with the same fabric as gold
cloth is too harsh to he worn against
the fa. e.
Organdie which has been so favor
ably accepted for gowns is equally de
lightful for hats entire hats are made
of it as well as being used for trim
ming, in white, shades of rose, blue
and yellow. Leghorn bats are cov
ered with tiny fi-'lls of organdie with
a pretty trimming of a natural col
ored lemon resting among gloosy
leaves.
There is a certain misty charm
about tulle that is very becoming to
the modem woman as in an evening
hat of soft cloudy tulle with a hiish
crown, transparent, and a finely shir
red brim. It is finished with a heavy!
roll of electflic thlun sat in, and to I
add the finishing touch there is a!
gay wreath of hand made flowers in
vivid colorings.
An aeroplane hat which follows the
military spirit. It is wide from side
to .side arid; marrow . from back o
front. The crown follows the line of
the hat and is a tarn O'shantc-r a1uir
c.f" bin r k satin, then the surprise, there
Pie opening at the sides wit), ai" o;d-!
ic :i pl"a:cd inserts of black s;;'i:i. (
Till!" worn floating or dose alwiit
the bat is very charming and new.;
More women should realize its elusive i
altie and fragile worth. .
A lovely effect is given by veiling
a Delft blue satin crown and brim or :
a hat with blue tulle that covers even
the velvet flowers, wirh w.Mch til. ha r 1
is trimmed. l"niler'ic?i!i is a brim '
of black milan straw.
There is a soft grey straw that i
lc:oks like chenille, and a close up-
standing brim is made of it. "Ihej
crewn is made of gray tulle', whic h
covers the tiny gray flowers on it.;
Veiling the hat : t ' i tulie is decidedly!
the newest thing; it transforms a1
plain hat c omplettiy into a gracious :
pince of art. tnat masquerades as a
hat. j
School Notes
The trustees held a regular meeting
on Friday evening and dec ided on a
matter of improvements about the
schools. A lunch room will be pro
vided in the Central sc hool, and the .
superintendent was instructed to in
vestigate about paving the Central
school yard.
The dedication of the Steinway pia
no in the high school gymnasium was1
a marked success and large audiences'
were present each evening during the
past. week.
The records of the county clerk of
Maricopa county show that Miss Ag
nes Pe-rry. the fifth erade teacher at
Lincoln, was married to Mr. Fred
Anderson on December 27, 1917. Mr.
Anderson is at present in Camp Funs
ton. His hom is .n Tempe. Arizona,
where he- was assistant cashier of a
bank. This is another case of a sur
prise to the teachers of B:sbee, and it
is now in order to extend congratu
lations. Tiie contractor expects to turn over
the Horace Mann junior high school
to the trustees in about ten days, and
on May lo it will be dedicated. Dr.
Von K!e:nS:nid will deliver the ad
dress. On May 9. the annual commenre-nionceni'-nt
exercise s of the hifch
school will he hld. Dr. Fic'iui of the
F!asst aff Normal wiil deliver the
commencement, address.
The m.r'iU of toe liisbeo schools
are eont.ibiiiiiig small sums to buv
a Third Liberty Ijian bond, which will
be presented to the Alumni associa
tion for their loan fund. This will
help two causes at once and cultivate
the habit of saving among the pupils.
During the past week, the Lincoln
school reports that the pupils have
bought 72S Thrift Stamps, while the
Lowell school bought 249 stamps, and
the little Warren school away up on
the lull bought 20S. The sales at the
Central-have been running about
per ilay.
ANOTHER NITRATE PLANT j
The War Department announced to
day that nitrate plant No. 3. com
posed of two units, would be located
at Toledo. O.. and Elizabethtown, O.
The two half units will equal in ca
pacity the full unit now under cont
struetion at Sheffield, Ala. j
BOYS
AND G
rere present: Messrs. Grant, Doepke! carded until actually worn out The
Becker. Mesdaines Becker, Rose,
Doepke. Miss Effie Alexander and
Miss Vinita Rose.
?
The Civic and Home Economics de
partment of the Twentieth Century
Club held a meeting at the Y. W. C.
A. Mrs. D. A. Parish presided. The
department unanimously voted to
donate $40 to buy two used sewing
machines for the Red Cross. The
members were so enthusiast!? that
T ru Rir-horH TTvile Hnnnteil the nrice
!of a third machine to be eiven.
!S JS
The Women's leasue of the Preshy-
tcrian church will hold their regular
is a great shortage. The 20th Cen-1 Miss Helen Treu, a vocalist of operat
tury Club has donated two machines, j ic ability and the violinist, Mr. Fer
Mrs. Hide, one machine. Dr. Craig a ; lindes, was a combination tiuly ex-
typewriter, ana iienut-rson & vv aiKins ; ceptional. me singing oi me i no i monthly nicotine Wednesday May 1st
have given a cutting table. Through : deserves praise, as also the arduout at 2;3 p. m.. at the home of Mrs. E.
the generosity of these people a great work of the accompanist, Mr. Rev-; y j j(),)1)Pr at' Warren,
deal of conf'.isi-m and inconvenience j nobis, noon whom the burden of the '
will be eliminated. ; afternoon fell, for seldom is it realized
The Copper Queen mine has prom-! the amount or labor and time and un-1 l. F. E. Shine will entertain the
ised to give all of the old rubber hose j tiring patience that the task of ac-! ladies or the St. John's Guild of the
to the boys who gather the junk. This :ompanying involves. i Episcopal church at her home in War-
will bring quite a sum. A ware house "Betore concluding I feel that 1; on Wednesday, May 1.
may be necessary if the drive comes must give special mention to those
woman merely adds a new slip and
tunics from time to time. After a
season or two, thanks to the scientific
treatment of the problem, she has a
wardrobe which combines in nearly
twenty ways, meeting every need and
every mood. The entire cost is less
than for the "ordinary dress of equal
quality which is thrown away as soon
as the stylo is changed.
The wardrobe has been elaborately
illustrated by the Paramount Company
in a nhoto-film, "The New Art of
Dres3." now showing throughout the
X'nited States. The film was taken in
The Churches
A Chance to See "The Katzenjammer Kids" FREE
As Guests of the Bisbee Daily Review
At the Orpheum Theatre
Wednesday and Thursday, May 1 and 2
SPECIAL MATINEE THURSDAY
The Katzenjammer Kids and forty other musical comedy stars will act for The Re
view and the Bisbee public at the Orpheum Theatre. Every reader of The Review
will be interested in seeing Hans and Fritz and all the characters from the funny car
toon supplements, act in real life for the first time in Bisbee.
up to expectations. j who made it possible for Bisbee to en- 'IMP
A Qi:ricnt elrps:siTlP' clnss Is to lie inv oiinh a mnuicM nmt nrtintic Irent lisl
opened in the V. M. C. A. and the Y. ! and I can honestly state that I have :
w. C. A. A great amount of work not for a long time enjoyed such 3
could be clone in these places. The ; splendid musicale. The higii schoeJl .
men will have to be absolutely asep- itself a structure of beauty in design
tic and wear caps and aprons the same and architecture, was a surprise to
as the women. i me, built so uniquely in the mountains
At the Woman's Club Monday af-jor this wonderful mining district, and
ternoon the surgical dressing class I cannot dose without a word from
under the auspic es cf Mrs. Henry Pop-j this pen regarding the magnificent
pen made 1025 compresses. The fol-' Steinway piano with its silvery and
mellow tone, which must have ben
a joy to all the performers.
The local chapter Red Cross has
j been offered by the C. & A. band the
I exclusive rfeht to serve refreshments
lowing were present: Mesdaines Ak-
ard, T. E. Williams. W. A. Arthur. J.
V. Busch. Clinton Moon, Henry Pop
pen and Miss Gibson.
The Adawana Camp Fire Girls were
present and mde 4S9 compresses.
Those present w ere Alina Beam. Jan j at the dances at Warren Park thruogh
TO GIVE EXHIBITION
DRILLS ON THURSDAY
Walters. Mary Serkovich, Florence
Lambert and Grace Mitchell.
"The lights shone on fair women
and brave men." But not very long.
In the midst of a most
squab at the dinner dance at
Country Club Saturday night
the season. The matter was thorough
ly discussed in the executive meeting
and it was decided to accept this of
fer, and the entertainment committee
was instructed to make the necessa-
delectable ry arrangements to carry this out to
the
the!
liphts went out, not to come on asain
during the entire evening. Through
no fault of the management but just
one of those accidents that will hap-i
the best interests of the Red Cross.
So we are asking everybody or so
ciety of women in the Warren District
to give a helping hand and take their
turn in serving at the park on Satur
day nights beginning the first Satur-
penand disarrange the best of plans, j day in May. In this way no one will
mnemg m uie nttui canaie ngnt to j have to take more than two turns ana
dreamy waltzes, was romantic and i we hope to make a good showing to
unique. The knitters were a little sad wards the support of the Red Cross.
hut only they, as the dancers found
it charming. Elec tricity isn't very
kind to peop'e; it never flatters. In
its absene the flickering shadows
threw a soft and elusivo light that re
minded one of fairyland.
The frocks were lovely and it was
For any further information, you
can communicate with Mrs. C. H.
Hunt. Phone 225.
This is a splendid opportunity to
make some money for the Red Cross.
If all of the different societies in town
take turns, each will only have to pre-
very hard to believe that the shadow pare refreshments about twice during
of war had ever touched this fair land the season. The women are not asked
President Wilson has requested that to donate but to buy things as cheap
life, and gaiety even though it be as possible and sell them for a profit
forced, continue t.'ie same as before ; and take the cost from the proceeds,
our men donned the khaki. i The Catholic women attempted to
There were about CO guests present serve refreshments one night but the
and joy was u neon fined, which made ' elements were against them. Now
a successful affair. j that summer time Is almost here more
Vz iS ! success will be assured.
Thev Anona Club met at the V. W. ! The Lowell Red Cross surgical dress
C. A. Tr.esdnv evening. Miss Ellen ing department under the direction or
Avery entertained. A very enjoyable j Mrs. Paul S. Bell made 1C05 compress
hour w as spent l:i knitting and con-j es this week. The following are the
versation on current topics. Delicious women who attended the work room
refreshments were served. The next t during the week: Misses Abbe Dugan
meeting will be hejd 'with Miss Jennie i Duffy, Megede, Mesdames Taylor, Ro
Warren. My 7th. at her home on land. Whitehead. Williams. Dodd. El-
Warren Ilill.
e eg
Mrs. Robert Beaton, of this city,
has returned from Tucson, where she
dridce. Winfleld. Callison, Larson.
J.mes, Turner.- Bridge, Tregonning,
Smith. Elliott, Morgenstern, Hender
son. Johnson. Costert, Fraser. Lee,
was the guest of Mrs. Albert Mont-1 Kimbrough, McCutcbeon, Huffman,
gomery for the pnt fortnight, and ' Perry, Landers, Amstein. Shilliam,
was the puest of a number of charm-, Windbiirn, Warner. Wilson, Sincufr,
ing affairs (riven in her honor. The'Kirkman, McCallister, Farlsh. Robin
Tucson Star bs the following reeard- son. Spaul ling. Br'nson. Bannelly.
ing her visit there; j
"As Mi s Fln-cnre Woodell. Mrs.) Y. W. C. A.
Peaton w. a vc ii know n 1'niverslty The women of fie Eastern Star en
and Sorority ' i:l in Tucson until her , tertcined the soldiers w ith a Hostess
marriase, few yrars aeo. took her
to P.isbee to live.
Mrs. Montgomery entertained with
an Informal knitting party for her
guest, on Monday afternoon and on
House party Friday nitiit.
The corridors were bo congested
with men in khaki and girls In pretty
frocks that It was almost impossible
to pass. It might be called a crush.
The first exhibition drill given by
the Bisbee high school cadets will
take place next Thursday afternoon
at 3 o'clock on the tennis courts in
back of the new Pishee junior high
on Qaulity Hill. This event wjll be
in the nature of an annual inspection
as well. The military law provides
that the cadet organizations shall be
inspected at least once a year and
the board of education will be on hand
at this time to give the boys a thor
ough examination.
After the inspection a review will
be held for the benefit of the visitors.
Fallowing (the review ihe different
squads will have a competitive squad
drill in movements taken from the
"school of the soldier" and the
"school of the squad." The following
corporals will have charge of squads
in the competition: Corporals Ralph
Powell. King. Krolorr, Sutcliffe, Visalia
and Ojeda. The squad putting up the
classiest exhibition will be presented
with a large loving cup which has
been donated for the ocacsion by Wat
kins & Bergquist, the local jewelers.
Following the squad drill a compet
itive drill in the manual of arms will
be held for all the cadets wishing to
enter the event. The regular rifles
that are to be Issued by the adjutant
general to the cadets have not yet ar
rived, but the boys have been learning
the manual of arms with old Spring
field rifles. Krag-Jorgensens. carbines
or whatever type of firearms they
could get their hands on. and this
event promises to be a lively one in
spite of the lack of uniform afins.
This contest will be what is some
times known as a knock-out drill;
that is, a boy Is eliminated from the
contest as soon as bo makes a mis
take, and the cadet remaining after
all the rest have been "knocked out"
is the winner. The winner of this
event will receive a sterling silver
cup that has been engraved and do
nated by L. L. Oilman of the Gilman
jewelry store.
The Judges of the military contests
will be Captain Goode and Lieut.
Zewadski, officers attached to Com
pany U Thirty-Fifth Infantry, sta
tioned at Lowell.
This Is the first opportunity that
the public has had to see the local
cadets' drill, and it is expected thit a
large number of parents and others
interested in the boys will turn out
to see what they have learned during
the year. Admission will be free.
The cups to be given as prizes will
be on exhibition in the windows of the
jewelry stores in a few days.
Rev. Grovr-r C. Linn, recently from
Jerome, will preach at the Christian
church today at 11 a. m. and 7:30 p.
m. At the morning hour the topic for
his sermon will be: "I Am Not
Ashamed of the Gospel of Jesus
Christ."
Rev. Linn is a young man who has
had considerable success in the gos
pel ministry. He is a newspaper man
by profession, but employs all his
spare time in Christian work. While
at Jercme he organized the Gospel
Mission, holding services in the Min
ers Union Hall. In this way he
reached the men of the mines and
was able to do much good.
It is particularly desired that all
members of the church be present at
the morning worship. A meeting of
the congregation will he held immedi
ately following the service.
FIRST BAPTIST CHURCH
Sunday School 9:45 a. m. Address
by Judge S. W. White of Douglas, 11
a. m. Theme: "Consecrated Homes,
the Foundation of Good Citizenship."
Junior and Senior B. Y. I. V. 6:45
p. m. Theme: "Parable of the Leav
en." Prayer meeting Wednesday.
7:45 p. in. Sunday evening service at
the Tresbyterian Mission. Johnson Ad
dition 8:00 p. m. by Mr. J. F. Mat
thews. Prayer meeting Wednesday
7:45 p. m.
You are cordially Invited to attend
these services.
H. C. COPTO.V, Pastor.
Rev. Mr. Henderson will preach in
Warren Sunday, April 28, at 8 o'clock.
Rev. A. J. Irwin will preach in So.
Bisbee Sunday, April 2S, at 11 a. m.
Rev. A. J. Irwin will preach at Don
Luis Sunday, April 28, at 8 p. m.
FILL OUT COUPON
Write name very plainly.
Name ..
Age
Address
.School
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE
Informal Christian Science meetings
are held in Warren every Sunday at
11:00 a. m. at first cottage south of
the 'Y'. All are most welcome. Sub
ject for todav: "Probation After
IVath."
PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH
Sunday School 9:45 a. m. Morning
worship. 11:00 a. m. Sermon Topic:
"The Other Seventy." Evening wor
ship 8:00 p. m. Sermon Topic: "The
Impotence of Man's Wrath." Prayet
meeting Wednesday. May 1st, 8:00 p.
m.
ALLAN KRICHBAUM, Pastor.
METHODIST EPISCOPAL
Sunday School 9:45. Public worship
11:00 a. m. and 7:30 p. m. Epworth
League meeting C:30. "The Ruin of a
Masterpiece," Miss Maud Chapman,
leader.
CHARLES W. HARSHMAN.
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE SOCIETY
Christian Science Society of Bisbee
holds services every Sunday morninc
at 11:15 o'clock in the Woman's club
buildii:;; o:i Quality Ilill. Wednesday
evening testimony meeting at 7:4.t
The public is welcome and invited to
r..H U..n... A .fit ou
Ilil-FIM. l"l .-mum,, ll - '
'Trebati'.ui Alter Death." j
FREE! 50 Orpheum Theatre Tickets for Boy and Girl Readers
Every boy and girl reader of THE REVIEW has an opportunity to share in this
interesting event and receive FREE THEATRE TICKETS for the best renovation of
Hans' and Fritz's faces will receive the tickets. You all know Hans and Fritz have met
with an accident parts of their faces are gone, and you must help fix them up to reap
the reward. As you see by the drawings Han's and Fritz's noses and mouths are gone
take your pencil, pen or school crayons, but do your best to provide them with new
features. The Katzenjammer Kids based on the famous colored comics will be the
attraction for three performances at the Orpheum and repdirs must be made before then.
Don't Fail to Get the Review, Tuesday, April 30th
This is a contest of skill open to all boys and girls under 1 6 years.
THE DAILY REVIEW WILL GIVE 50 SEATS FOR THE MATINEE THURS
DAY, MAY 2ND, FOR THE FIRST 50 BEST DRAWINGS.
Get busy at once and send in your drawings to The Review Katzenjammer Kids
Contest Editor.
Contest starts today and closes Monday , April 29, at midnight. Winners' names
will be published in The Daily Review, Tuesday. April 30 and winners can call at The
Review office any time Wednesday, May 1st. Tickets are for the Special School Chil
dren's Matinee Thursday.
Everybody will send in a drawing so get busy, as this is the greatest of all cartoon
musical comedies. All the characters appear in real life. For face and features see the
Billboards. FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, APRIL 28, 1918.
DYING SAILORS CHEER ATTACKERS
WHEN IICIE'S COMMANDERS
LEAD FORCES AGAINST
'across the narrow gangway to the;
jmole and then with a shout beckoned
I us to full;v him toward the cuter'
'end with the object of storminir a
i German battery of 11 inch guns. He
had not gone many feet, however, he
i tore he was hit, evidently by a machine
I gun bullet."
HuN
HORDES
(! Iteview Leased Vi:e
LONDON, April 27 (To Keuter Ot
tawa Agency). The admiralty has is
sued the following official narrative
on the Zeebruggee affair:
"Those who recall high wood upon
the Sonime as it was alter the bat
tles of 1916 may easily figure to them
selves the decks of H. M. S. Vindictive
as she lies today in stark, black pro
file against the sea haze of the .har
bor. "That wilderness of debris, that lit
ter of used and broken tools of war,
that lavish ruin, that prodigal evidence
of death and battle, are as obvious
and plentiful here as there.
"Looking aft from the chaos of her
wrecked bridge, one sees something
against the wharf, the heroic bour
Keoise shapes of the two Liverpool
boats, Uie Iris and Daffodil, whicli every gangway
yet been given when both leaders
were killed. Colonel Elliott by a shell
and Captain Hallahan by machine gun
firty which swept the decks. The
same shell that killed Colonel Elliott
FOOD ADMINISTRATOR
SEEKS NEW BREAD OF
WHEAT SUBSTITUTES
WEEKLY HEWS LETTER YOUNG
MEN'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION
OF WARREN HUONG DISTRICT
MARINE CASUALTIES
MEN'S DEPARTMENT (Walter Lanford, Lyel Ormiston, S. M.
Membership in the association is Williams, Ted It. Sal in. Clay Davis,
more attractive than ever before in : Tom M. Johnson, R. G. I'attilo, L. N.
the .history of the organization. More'Baher. C. W. Moon, Jim II. Atkinson,
people know about It more men be-: Roy McAllister, Jack C. Pinkerton.
lieve In it. Men at the front are say-IWallis Criswell, T. DeContreras. K.
mg: I am lor the Y. M. C. a. lor t isicnoison, i nos. A. Tonticsen, a.
ever." Men at home are saying: "I Stadille. Henry Romero, Claud Sulli-
In order to enable as many .Motels, never appreciated the association be-! van, I . F. Chapman, R. C. Sheward, !
also did fearful execution in the for-; restaurants, eiuos anu aining-car ser- fore." Membership in the association : jolin trogua, John ratusis. A. lee
ward stokes mortar battery. j vices as possible to 20 upon an ab- ghould be practically unanimous. It, Brand, J. K. Wilson, O. B. Watson, R.
"The men were magnificent; every ' seiutcly wheatless basis, and to insure js so in the army camp. It should be' L. Thompson, S. S. Slack. John Beher
officer hears the same testimony. i lnal '"ose "'cn nave already laKen so n the home association. V. ny 'Kube s. ftlattln, Pmctnirck, M. J
(j ll'-v llfvirw I.t:tsM Wire)
j WA.lli.(JTO. April 27. Twelve
( casualties anions the Americ an 1.1.1-
Hiies in Irani - were aim )uncea M
nuht by Ma.ior (leneral Barnett, com
n:snd;int of the corps, as follows:
Killed in action 2. Died of wounds
1. Severely wounded 1. Sligli'ly
wounded 8.
Corpcr Allen W. Stone and Private
Trry I,. Fisthr were killed in ac
tio; Private Stanis J. Cullerot died
of wounds; Corporal Thomas it-van
was severely wounded and the slight
ly wounded were:
Corporals Krnest K. Smitiison. Al
fred J. Schneggtnburger and Claude A.
I Miller and Privates Walter Klanim.
Raymond J. I less, Ross J. Turner, til
don L. Kreeland. James P. Scroggs.
CAMP DODGE CANDIDATES
lThe mere landing on the mole was
a perilous business. It involved a
passage across the crashing and splin
tering gangways, a drop over the par
aphet into the field of fire of the
German machine guns which swept
its length and a further drop of some
16
the "no wheat" pledge may carry it shouldn't every nian, every boy in the , Brophy. Floyd S. Davenport. Robt. 1 vi isi'lVi'TOV Anril '" Craiil
out with the least possible hardship. Warren district be identified with the McCartney, Wm. Brocks. Richard 1 " f!' .Jl ,h.. h ..... .rini
John McE. Bowman, who Js a practi-; association? Coupland, Henry XhnlU. B. Brown. ; f' '!, L , 'wa a n-
cal hotel man. now associated with; There must be no retrenching In the E. F. Olney. Peter T. Holm, Chas. L ' nounred bv the adjutant cental's -the
United States Food Administra- work 0f the association now. There Richard. ! " A th men waL
tion. has offered prizes, totalling should be substantial enlargement.! j ZUn lnlibte tmnw
$1,000, for the best wheatless and rve- There must be to meet the increasing We are more than pleased to state " J " ..' !i ;'".. !
1 A. .'Davis. .'Knulewood, Solo., of an-
feet to the surface of the mole;,es3 sandwich bread that ran be pro- demands. In spite of mounting cost j that last month, March, we ran our
n( nnj m.A uuLTn dv a. noiei or restaurant Daner. r.r nnrratimm nnri Hivortintr rni a unnn rttv mpinriprsmn iwiar t ip rn.11 apt nv
Jiseii. iuauy tir i 11 anu muii; - 1,1 - - n ....... -1 . J 1 e fnntrv
u-ere wnunripri as thev crowned un to: wkioiuh ui mc nuci me aisirtci s weatlll. noining s:iori ui , air. uiciiaruson, anu tins inuiuu s
tha gangways, but nothing hindred ' Five hundred dollars is offered for previous standards can be considered,
the orderly and speedy landing by, the loaf that is adjudged the whitest. There are three ways to help:
the most palatable, and the best look-; 1. ContriDute by cliecK or pledge
ing. and which can be produced at a as a sustaining member.
shared with the Vindictive the honors "Lieutenant Walker, who hid his
of the arduous fight. arm carried away by a shell on the:
Well Laid Plans j upper deck, lay in the darkness while :
"Their objectives were the canal at I tne forming parties trod him under
Zeebruggee and the harbor at Ostend. : foot He was recognized and dragged '
Three of the cruisers, the Intrepid. I aside bv the commander. He raised I
the Iphegenia and the Thetis, each 1 hjs arm in greeting. 'Good luck to , to hotel and restaurant bakers.
you,' he called as the rest of the storm
ers hastened by.
Dying Men Cheer
"The lower deck was a shambles as
the commander made the rounds of
packed with concrete and with mines
attached to her bottom for the pur
pose cf sinking her. Merrimac-fashion,
in the neck of the canal, were aimed
at Zeebruggee. Two others, similarly
prepared, were directed at Ostend.
"Ttio fiir..tinu rf 1hn Vinrl iff I VP. !
with - her ferryboats, was to attack : rafpa "iemse,eS 10 t a ; in u,3 present position for at ,,,ast Fix
the great half-moon mole which guards m.ad9 fcis t.c'r- Tne tre' of the ho- months pre.e,iing the date of tie con.
the Zeebruggee canal, to land blue-! w iUer- . hlrh. . as mounted forward. test and hag oripinated and ha8
ja kets and marines upon it to destroy "ad pe Klllea a econa cre baked U)e bread entered bv ,linl ,,, th1
'contestant must produce a certificate
j from the proprietor or manager of
j his .Motel or restaurant, guaranteeing
1 that the contestant is an American
citizen: Is a hotel or restaurant baker
in orrrl tt on1 in tr an si iu twt ontnlrkvcrl
his ship, yet those wounded and dying . olllsi(Ip haksllnn. hs worked
will do the same with the miners mem
bershlp. This leads all past records. )"
The Sunday progtam will begin as
moderate price. A second prize of 2. Continue your membership. .usual with the song service at 4:0;
$300. a third of $150. and a fourth of, 3. Enlist another fellow to take the ; p. m. The address of the afternoon
550 will also be given. Neither wheat place of the member gone to the front j will be given by Rod McDonald. At !
nor rye in any form may be used. to fight for you. (More than 200 have: 5:30 the Fellowship club will meet in.
The competition will be open only already gone.) ! the lounge room. The leader will be,s,
Each ; James A. Henderson. 1 ;
Henry Zweurchke had the misfort-
tine of having his left hand Injured j The "Y" volley ball team left for j
at the Sacramento the other day. He, Tucson Saturday morning with theJ
is taking things easy around the "Y" j Intention of winning first place in the
lobby for a few days, but will probab
ly be at work in another wek.
state volley ball tournament to be
held in Tucson that evening. Five
teams are in the tournament. Phoenix,
Walter Freeman. Bisbee star boxer, Miami, Douglas, Tucson and Bijhee.
and an old "Y" member, has entered
" t 1 . 9 txi.
..1,.,. H -.n nf jI.p r.prnians fiesiroeu nivBniac
tw ..,,,,1,!' fi,i nd frencrallv create was taking over the gun.
the service of the United Stales and
left Thursday morning.
a diversion wnne ine hiocr snips mu
in and sank themselves in M;e ap
pointed places.
"Vice Admiral Keyes, in the destroy
er Warwick, commanded the opera
tion. "There had been two previous at
tempts to attack, capable of being
pushed home, if weather and other
condition served. The night of the
22nd of April offered nearly all the
required conditions and some fifteen
miles off Zeebruggee the ships took
up the formation for attack.
"The Vindictive, which had been
towinE the Iris and Daffodil, cast off.
The lntrepd, Iphecenia and Thetis
slowed down to give the first three
time to get alongside the moie.
Destroyers Start Work
"The Sirius and the Brilliant shifted
their course for Ostend and a great
swarm of destroyers and motor:raft
spread themselves abroad upon their
multifarious and particular duties.
"The night was overcast and there
was a drifting haze. Down the coast
a ereat searchlight swung its beam
to and fro. From the Vindictive bridge ;
as she headed in toward the moie.
with the faithful ferry boats at her j
heels there w as scarcely a glimmer ol
light to be seen shoreward. Aneaa,
as she drove through the water, rolled
the smoke screen, her cloak of invis
ibiHtv wrapped about her by small
craft. This was the device of Com-1
mander Brock, without which, ac-
knowledges the admiral in command, ;
the operation could not have been con
ducted. "A northeast wind moved the vol
ume of it shoreward ahead of the
ships. It was not until the Vindictive,
with bluejackets and marines stand
ing ready for landing, was close upon
the mole that the wind lulled, and
came away again from tiie southeast
sweeping back the smcke screen and
laying her bare.
"There was a moment immediately
afterward when it seemed to those
on the ships as if the harbor exploa-,
ed into light. A star shell soared )
aloft, then a score of star shells. The j
wavering beams of the searchlights .
swung around and settled into a glare, j
A wild fire of gun flashes leaped j
against the sky. springs of luminous
green beads shot aloft, hung and sank, j
The darkness from Ohe ;night was j
supplemented by a night-mare day
light cf battle fired guns and machine
guns along the mole. The batteries
ashore awoke to lite.
"It was in a gaie of shelling that
the Vindictive laid her nose against
the. thirty foot high concrete side
of the mole, let go her anclier and
signalled to the Daffodil to shove her
stern in.
Fire Intense
"The Iris went ahead and endeav
ored to get alongside likewise. The j
fire was intense while the ships .
plunged and rolled beside the mole j
in the seas, tne 1nu1cue wnu
greater draught jarring against the (
foundations of the mole with every
plunge. They were swept diagonally
by machine gun fire from both ends
of the mole and by the heavy bat
teries on shore.
"Commander (new Captain) Carpen
ter conned the Vindictive from the
open bridge until her sterin was laid
in, when he took up his position in
the flame thrower hut on the port
side. It is marvelous that any occu
pant should have survived a minute,
so riddled and shattered is it.
"The offi'-ers of the Iris, which was
In trouble head of the Vindictive, tie
scribe Captain Carpenter as handling
her like a pk-knt boat. The Vin
dictive was fitted altns her port side
with a bgh false h, fieri whih
ran Is brows or ;;:t.ngways by v. : i: '1
the stomriig and c molil Ion pe.riies
were to laud.
"The men gathered in reudinc.s on
the main lower deeks while Coloi.-i
Elliott, w ho aa.- t" h ad the matin, s.
wailed en Ihe ftiise deck just a';aft
the. bridge. Captain liaihihaii. who
commanded the bluejackets. was
amidships The gangways were low
ered, ami they serapeil and rebounded
upon the high par..pet cf the mile,
as the Vindictive rolled in the sea
w a y .
Bofi Commanders Killed
"The word for the assault had not
Ben Keeper, one of our old time
members, and one of our first team
bowlers, left Thursday morning to en
ter the service of I'ncle Sam.
contest.
Cnm 1 naf A o CatnnU
in uie stern caoin a nreworKs ex-j Eat.,, contegtatlt ,)lust origilla!e and
pert, who had never been at sea be-ihalr 1fi ,,,. ir f ...wiu i,.!,
1 fore-one of Captain Brock's employes 1 brea(L Thi(. raust he g0 kpd as to
1 An4i ir rimner orao t 1 iimintii. 1 .... ...
n,u"J " 6' -. ireach Washington in the best possible,
ing rockets cut of the scuttle to show , condi,ion It 8nould be sent bv parcel! Swimming classes will begin Mon
up the lighthouse on the end of the , d uuder a sDecial-delivery 1 day. April 29. Regular instruction will
stamp. The bread should be accom- be given by Taylor McLean on Mon
panied by two typewritten copies ot day, Wednesday and Friday of each
the recipe. In which every step should ' week from 8:00 to 9:00 p. m. Mr. Mc
be briefly but accurately described Lan is an old time swimmer.
and the general appearance of the fin-
mole to the block ships and their es
corts."
COMMANDER BROCK KILLED
'By Review Lensed Wire.
BOYS' DEPARTMENT ,
On last Monday the Hi-Y Club held i
its usual meeting and dinner. The j
dinner was served by Mrs. J. E. Cain
and Mrs. C. C. Mitchell. The regular ,
election of officers for the ensuing
year took place at this meeting. Clark i
Core, president. Arthur Peterson, vlce 'i
president. Cecil Powell, second viceij
president. Arthur Sutcliff. secretary.'?
Robt. Becker, treasurer. The new ot- )
ficcrs will begin their duties at the
first regular meeting next fall. f
1;
FREE
TO YOU
l.y way of introduction we
will present to every woman ask
ing for it at the pattern counter
a copy of the
Fictorial Review Fasluon
Book F-ee of Charge
until the supply is exhausted.
The selling price of the book
is 25 cents. It contains illustra
tions of over 1.000 up-to-date
garments. It is full of valuable
information for every woman.
DOX'T FAIL TO GET YOl'RS
NEW ART STORE
Main Street
OF-
Solid Comfort
Right Down Town
Stanton & Overland Sts.
EL PASO, TEXAS
liQiel Savoy
Seaman & Schaldach, Props.,
Operated on Merit Try It
Best Dollar Day House in the
Great Southwest
HENNESSY
Undertaking Parlors
PHONE 15.
OK ST.
DOVER, England, April 27. It was j isned product noted. All bread and
while charging along the Zeebruggee
mole at the head of a party of 15 sea
men that Acting Wing Commander
Frank A. Brock, who developed the
smoke screen for the attar k on Zee
bruegee and Ostend. was killed, ac
cording tc an account given today
aboard the cruiser Vindictive by one
of the Brock party.
"Commanuer. Brock." said the sea
man, "was among the first to leave
the Vindictive. Armed with a Win
chester and a truncheon, he led us
recipes entered must reach the Hotel, ;
Restaurant, Dining Car and Steamship:
Division of the' Food Administration
not later than May 15.
For the information of nossihle con
testants whose l:read will I-ave to
make a long journey, it is especially
stated that the loaf alone will not be
the scle basis of award. The recipe
accompanying it must ra.-s a thorough
test.
The older boys' state conference at
We are in receipt of n card from 1 Tucson held last week was attended
Earl Wittig. "Toots," under date of I by Lester Ferrell, Arnold Baldwin.
April 21, Camp Funston, Kansas. He j Russell Thomas and William Stack,
says he has gained nine pounds since The boys report a splendid conference
he left here, and is feeling fine. Wish- j and a eood attendance. The purpose
es to be remembered to all hl3 old . of the conference was to help the boys
::;tnds. Mo be of more service during the war)
REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS
I'oliov'ng is a list of new members
and renewals who have joined the
association during the past week: E.
C. Andrews. T. E. Reavis, C. E. Wool
pert, Sam Riesser, T. W. Armit, Wm.
Row land, J. H. Casey, J. R. Langford,
and to prepare them for a very need
ed service- after the war.
Isadore Jacobs has proven tc be one
cf the star basket ball players in thej
employed boys gymnasium class.
is some guard.
Iz-
Next to Muir's I
'
, c
! HERBe.nl GP.IBBLE ?Mfc'N 691 :
1 ! '
Y. W. C A. CAFETERIA
OPEN TO THE PUBLIC
Prices Reasonable
Breakfast 6:50 to 8:30
Lunch 11:30 t9 1:30
Dinner 5:00 to 6:30
Richard Glaze, Oph. D.N.D.
Pract ce Limited to Eye and Nerve
Disorders.
Phone 136. Office and residence
first house west of Masonic Temple,
Main Street. Bisbee, Arizona.
Classes fitted by the latest methods.
K f
Sinmmer
3
chooi 01 Patriotism
This Chautauqua program is built for national service. The overriment has recognized the great value of the Chautauqua in this war
year and is sending lecturers tc speak on vital war problems. Inspiring music is a war-time necessity and this musical, program sounds a
strong patriotic note. throughout the week. There is splendid entertainment, also, to lighten and brighten war-worried minds.
Lincoln L. Wirt
Sent to the Wcctern Front by the Government, Spring
of 1 91 8, to secure information on actual conditions in
the war zone. Will bring Chautauqua audiences the last
word from Pershing and the American section of the
line.
U. S. Food Demonstration
A food demonstrator direct from Hoover's depart
ment. Bringing new methods of conserving food and
practical government recipes as worked out by the Food
Administration. Morning of the last day at Chautau
qua. No admission charge.
26 BIG EVENTS 26
Thaviu's Exposition Barid
The great Band which was honored with the opening
and closing engagements at the San Francisco Exposi
tion. These concerts will be worth more than the price
of your season ticket.
Grand Opera Singers
Three grand opera soloists with voices of unusual
power and brilliance will accompany the Band at night.
These three artists are members of a prominent Chicago
grand opera organization and will render a program long
to be remembered.
President Wilson Endorses
Chautauqua
THE WHITE HOUSE
WASHINGTON
11 December, 1917.
My Dear Mr. Flowers:
It has been on my mind for some time to thank
your organization for the very real help it hasTfiveii to
America in the struggle that is concerned with every
fundamental element of national life. Your speakers,
ui.iiiK from community to community, meeting people in
the friendly spirit engendered by years of Intimate and
understanding contact, have been effective messengers
for the delivery and interpretation of democracy's
meaning and imperative needs the work that the
Chautamiua is doing has not lost importance because of
war, but rather has gained new opportunities for service.
Let me express the hope that you will let no
discouragement weaken your activities, and that the
people will not fail in the support of a patriotic
institution that may be said to be an integral part of the
national defense.
Cordially and sincerely yours,
WOODHOW WILSON'.
Mr. Mnniaville ('lowers,
President, International Lyceum
and Chautauqua Association,
Hotel I-aSalle. Chicago, Illinois.
Old Soldier Fiddlers
Rousing patriotic attraction for the opening night of
Chautauqua. Four veterans of the Civil War bring old
war-time tunes and camp-fire songs. Leadership of Col.
John A. Pattee, 24lh Regiment Michigan Volunteers.
Dr. C. J. Bushnell
Special accredited lecturer presenting war problems
at home. Dr. Bushnell will be in constant touch with
the Bureau of Information in Washington and will bring
a message every person should hear.
26 BIG EVENTS 26
"Plays of Our Allies"
Short plays of great European dramatists by the
Luzerne Players under the personal direction of Luzerne
Westcott Crandail. " Group of plays will include "In the
War Zone," a drama of strong patriotic appeal.
"An Evening in Hawaii"
Illustrated travelogue, "Rambling through Paradise,"
by Mildred Lecn Clemens, cousin of Mark Twain. Show
ing motion pictures of Mt. Kilauea, Hawaii's active vol
cano. Accompanied by Royal Hawaiian Qujntet in a
concert of charming Hawaiian melodies.
BISBEE
Buy on thu
Season Ticket
Plan
Single Admissions Amount to
Wore Than $8.00
wk 0 e i i fi a a m to
Apni
May 6
Season
Adulls
Students
Children
Ticket
Prices.
$2.50
, $1.50
$1.C0
War Tax Not Included.
1
r THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, APRIL 28, 1918.
FIVE
Mining and Financial News
BY REVIEW
NEW YORK. April 27 Further
German agressions on the western
front resulted in a heavy and dull
stock market today. Dividend paying
rails and industrials registered ex
treme reversals of 1 to 2 points at
the outset of the session, but in sev
eral noteworthy instances half way
rallies and eevn more substantial re
coveries set in before the close.
United States Steel was a case in
point making a gross decline of 1U
points, but regaining; all but a small
fraction. Shorts extended their com
mittments at the opening but in the
main covered before the finish.
Reversals of 1 to 2 points in such
rails as Reading, -Union Pacific and
Canadian Pacific were largely re
trieved, and similar reactions in equip
ments. Similar reactions in equip
ments and higher priced specialties,
including industrial alcohol, were
wholly regained. Sales amounted to
145,000 shares.
Bonds were irregular, trading be
ing largely confined to Uberty issue3,
which were slightly variable. Total
sales, par value, aggregated $4,725,0(10.
United States bonds, old issues,
were unchanged on call during the
week.
GRAINS
CHICAGO, April 27. Official notice
that speculating in "hedges" would be
considered a violation of the anti
hoarding law gave a severe jolt to
oay to bullish sentimenf on 'change.
Ltrgely as a result, corn prices under
went a decided setback, and closed
heavy, ' to 4?i cents net lower, with
May $1.27 and July 1.4S to 1.4S.
Oats lost l's to 3 cents net. Pro
visions finished unchanged to 30 cents
down.
Word from the food administration
that the anti-hoarding law applied
more strictly to some varieties of
"hedging" than many traders seemed
10 be aware of came at a time when
the corn market was naturally sensl-
tive to news likely to bring about a re-:
action sharp advances due to talk of
decreased acreage.
The bears had an advantage also
from sympathy with decline in cotton
and stocks.
Oats gave way with corn. In pro
visions the effect of weakness in grain
and cotton more than counterbalanced
the influence of higher quotations on
bogs.
HOLD REVERSE EXCESS
NEW YORK. April 27. The actual
condition of clearing house banks and
Monday, April 29 th
' V'-:'i: . i1.'"'-'' ' "m '"'t : V't) ''''Vi'.:';!' .' l":i ' '' t'c '": ) ' 'i
Foot -Oil!
Expert
A specialist from Chicago
loaned to this store by
Dr. Wm.
the recognized foot
now. He will be
so foot bothered
time in comir.jj to
N Examination
II 1.1
Dsoiuteiy r rvee
This expert knows all about feet.
He knows the famous Dr. Scholl
methods of correction and he
knows that
u Louisa
Dl Scholl
Let him examine your foot and
tell yoj what is the trouble, the
cause and the way to quickly
correct it Let him demonstrate
on your own foot that you can
gain
Foot Comfort
Immediately. You
wear "freaky"
The Dr. Scholl
loot comiort while
the stylish, vwrll
you like.
All Wslcoms.
Coma
r
LEASED WIRE.
trust companies fur the week show
that they hold $71.75,9U0 reserve in
excess of legal requirements. This is
an increase of $30,033,370, from last
week.
NEW YORK COTTON
NEW YORK. April 27. Cotton
closed weak at a net loss of 120 to
140 points.
NEW YORK SILVER
NEW YORK, April 27. liar silver
99V
NEW YORK
Closing Quotations, April 27, 1918
Anaconda C3fi
American Can 43'i
American Car 78M:
American Locomotive 6Z
American Sugar 103-,-i
Baldwin SOV
Bethlehem (B) 7SA
C & O 55V4
Canadian Pacific 13S
Central Leather 65'i
Crucible
Distillers
Erie .;.
Goodrich
General Motors
Ind Alch
Lackawanna
Maxwell
Midvale
Mexican Petroleum
6414
50 V.
14 U
44's
117
123s4
80
254
45,
23l4
Marine Preferred S6"rs
New York Central 6S7s
Northern Pacific S3
Reading SO
Rubber 57V4
Republican Steel SO
Studebaker 357
Steel 94
Steel. Preferred 110'S
St. Paul . .
37'i
82
114
tlS'g
Southern Pacific
j Texas Oil
j Union Pacific ..
United States Marine 37
j Wcstinghouse - 40
I BOSTON
! Adventure 1
Allouez 50
Alaska m
American Zinc 13
Butte 19
C & A S44
C & H 433
C Range 45
Chino 42
Chile 16
E Butte 9
Cranbv .- 74
Gold field 30
Here
M. Scholl
authority, is here ,
here only
people should lose no
see him.
and Advice
TTtr'T
don't have to
or loose shoes.
plan is to give
you wear
titling shoes .
la.
X n"? T
mm
1 :::.;!! v4
HnnctK'k 7'6
! Indiana SO
Inspiration 51 V
Kennecolt ll4
Lake 5's
LaSalle 2 :i j
Miami 21,3!
Mohawk 62
Nevada 19
N Butte 14 1 1
;Nip : S'4
Old Dominion 402
OscCola 53
Pond Creek IS
Quiney 71
iiay Consolidated 24's
phat 16'2
Shan Pi
Superior I'.oston 252
St. Marys 46
Utah Copper 79 4
Utah Consolidated 9 4
Winona 114
CURBS
Arkansas & Arizona ..
Austin
Arizona Silver King ..
Big Ledge
Butte & London
u
20
Calumet & Jerome
lis
Corntiia 17
Consolidated Arizona
Consolidated Copper
Curtiss .
Denn
Dundee
Emma
Federal Oil
Gadsden
Green Monster
Grand Island
Globe Dominion
Hull
Howe Sound
Hecla
Jerome Verde . .
Jerome Victor
Magma Copper
Mcama Chief
Miami Consolidated
.kmulgee
29.
21
13
37
4
Pi
34 '2
Pitts Jerome 65
Porphyry
Rav Hercules .
Tom Reed
Tiiiilonine
I'tiitec4 Eastern . . .
Veirle Ex
VoiiK! Coiiibi..a':oii
'.volveriii's Arizona
White Cai,s
West l-::id . . . .
Wii-;lit. Martin
50
4'i
210
! 99
o 's
3S
14
4
79
OATMAN
By Cllins A Bretherton
Argo C
Adams 2
- (
5
3 4
5
15 I
2 5 i
4 5
i
2.10 2.1; i
3.S7 UK)'
I
25
2.75 3.00
.62 .69
.20 .22
.87 l.'H)
.04
.65 .75
.62 .6J
.OS .111
.25
.or, :i2 1
.37 .43
Arizona Rex
Arizona Tom It
Gold Ore
Boundary Cone
Gold Road Bon
Gold Reed
Gold Cliff
Lucky Boy
; Sunnysitle
; Tellurid"
Tern Reed
, United Eastern
i United Northern
United Western
Red Lion
Other Curbs
Gadsden
Green Monster ,
Butte London
.Dundee
Venture Hill
Pitts-Jerome
Jerome Verde
Ark-Arizona
Jerome Portland
i Inspiration-Needles
Hull Copper
Magma Chief
i Wolverine-Arizona
Verde Combination
Miami Consolidated
Nacozarl Consolidated . . .
; Verde Apex
Porphyry
Calumet & Jerome
Feather River
1.75
.r,
.05
.45
.50
1.12
2.00
.62
.10
.10
.60
IIS
.15
STUDENT OFFICERS GO
ON WAITING LIST FOR
EARNED COMMISSIONS
WASHINGTON, April 27 Ten thou
sand or more student officers who
today have completed their course of
training at national army cantonments !
and national guard camps, will not be
graduated and given commissions, but
will be placed on an eligibility list,
from which in order of their ratings,
they will be commissioned and called
to service as the army needs them.
The men are exclusively non-com-missionert
officers and privates of the
national army, national guard and reg
ular army or students from colleges
having military courses in the curric
ulum. I'ntil called to duty as officers these
men will wear white brassards on
t'leir arms as an insignia of their
status. They will bo called to the
service in small groups. Consequent
ly it is impossible tn presen' today
any list of "graduates" as was done
when the tvo previous series of camps them in t.'ie active army. Besides
closed. I these 5,(I0' pupils of various high
Any man w i.o has remained in the! rti hools who were already serving
camps until today is assured of a ! fcr.ve been taken from the ranks-and
place on the eligible list. j given temporary iiiimissjoiis after
Late reports to the War Department' passing examinations at centers of in
bear out the estimate that sixty per ! f ruction i.t the interior. Numbers
cent of the men admitted v ill i-oin- i f other high school pupils a:id stu
plete the course. !.:! 's of scientific m bonis also have
Elimination 01 unfit snub m-; tins ; been put through a special course ol
b"f n proceeding praiti ally since the instruction on reaching military age
nj.cping of the caii'ps. l'hs;al ex-ia:vl tlieiihatids of ihem have j;aineil
amfnaiicus of t;,o.-e who passed all ; comtnis.-ior.s in thi't way. Altogether
crlier tests began on April 9. j the totsl second lieutenant -' comiuis
In cac'i division ;cliool. Mudem?
(!nr,:i from the division organizations , amount to nearly 2i.uen s'lice the be
v ill be placed in nn "eligible .list for J i innin of the v ar.
Milantrv. or eligible list for field ar i American offi ers when 1 hey iirrh ed
tiilery," aceorditig to n war depart
ment iiiemerandum. Student from
othr sunn es will b placed 011 s-ep-Hiate
lists for the same arms. It i.
!lie pnrpi se of be War Department tc
niiiin the new ofiicers. mi far as is
;,aetieable to the uail.-t from wliirli
thev were taken.
REVIEW WANT,ADS
BRING RESULTS
TEUTONS W0KSTED3
IN GAS ARGUMENT
LONDON. April 27. The German
government is back of the move to in
duce all the belligerent nations to
agree to stop the use of poison gas, ;
declares the National War Aims com-:
mittee. "Having let loose this pest of :
modern w arfare, they wish, when they j
see it about to devour them, to cry
peace," adds the committee. This ex-!
planation is given for the movement
set on foot by the International Red i
Cross Society of Geneva to abandon J
the use of gas in fighting. It is as-'i
serted that the influence of neutral
powers is being enlisted to briug about .
this end. German pacifists in Swit-1
zerland are strongly supporting the :
movement to save the Germans from
receiving payment in their own coin.
"When the Germans introduced this
new and deadly means of warfare,"
says the National War Aims Commit
tee, "they put into the hands of their
enemies a weapon which could be used
against themselves with terrible effect.
The use of poison gas in clouds is en
tirely dependent on the direction of the
wind. "A study of the meteorological
records of Northeastern France for a
period of ten years previous to 1915
would have shown them that for every
day on whidi the wind blows from the
east or northeast, the directions neces
sary to allow the Germans to use gas.
there are at least six days on which it
blows from the west or southwest, the
quarter favorable to the Allies. .
"In not more than two months in the
whole year are the prevailing winds
favorable to the enemy and their pre
ponderance even in those months is
net so great as the preponderance of
westerly winds in some of the remain
ing months. The Allies were, of course,
not slow to avail themselves of this
natural advantage with results that
must by now made made the German
higher command bitterly rue the day
tha tthey committed what was not only
a crime, bu ta blunder.
"The development of gas warfare
became a conflict between the scien
tific brains and manufacturing capac
ities of the two sets of combatants.
Time and superior industrial resources
have assisted the British and the
French in catching up on the original
handicap and the participation of the
United States in the war is about to
throw the balance overwhelmingly on
the Allies' side. At the present mo
ment the respirator worn by the
German troops is markedly inferior
in protective power to those with
which the British. French and Am
erican lirni'es are equipped, cases
hW-h penetrate the German respira
tor tut not those of Ihft Allies, have
n!rcady been employed by the Allies
with marked effect.
"On the other .hand the respirators
I of our troops give a complete pro
tection to the luiws and eyes against
all gases hitherto used by the enemy
and unremitting investigation and
foresight are at work preparing for
the adoption of new forms of protec
tion to meet any further developments
that may arise.
It is at this stase that the German
government is exploiting a movement
for the abandonment on. humanitarian
grounds of gas warfare."
PLAN OF PROMOTION
FRENCH FRONT, March 21. (Cor
respondence of The Associated Press)
American army officers have adopt
ted the French army methods of se-He-c4mg,
training ami promoting of
ficers for artillery service. In recent
operations, it is asserted this plan has
produced efficient artillery command
ers. Immence increases in the artillery
units of the French army made nec
essary the provision of new sources
whence officers of that scientific arm
might be recruited.
In peace times two-thirds of the gun
ner commissions were distributed
among the pupils of the great Poly
technic School, the other third being
lei't open to non-com missioned ana
warrant officers rising from the ranks
and passing through a special course
of study. WJien it was found that
more ofiicers would be needed to fill
up gaps in the various units, the commander-in-chief
was authorized to pro
moter officers of any rank to higher
grades by selection and without re
gard to length of service. He was
authorized also to confer temporary
commissions on capable non-commissioned
officers. These were not com
pelled to submit to any formal paper
examination, but were sent to centers
where they could, compete their prac
tical knowledge.
.The results of this system of selec
tion of aspirant officers from the low
er ranks are declared to have been
excellent. Since it was introducer the
cormnamler-in-c hief has promoted
li.Oun non-commissioned officers to
t'limorarv commissions, 2.i"0 of
moiih granted in me artillery aionei
in France found the system so good
' that they at once established a similar
ItieMixl
for providing el'licirs lor the
A'lierii an ar
illery.
POWDER PLANTS BLOWN UP
y.l'KK II. April 27. -Tun laige Alls-;
Irian powder factories at (iluzeubach 1
were blown up with iiiiinvrous casual !
ties, according to reports reaching
here today.
COLLINS &
BRETHERTON
We Specialize In
JEROME
AND
OATMAN
STOCKS
Jack BIdg., Main Street
Phone 26 Box 1129
CATARRH
BLADDER
24 Hours
Each Ctv s
ale bean the (Minv)
Legal Notices
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR
U. S.LAND OFFICE, AT PHOENIX,
ARIZONA, APRIL 13, 1918.
Notice is hereby given that AKiert
E. Oldham, of Bisbee, Arizona, who on
Aprii 9, 1915. made Homestead Entry
No. 027120, for SE'4, Sec. 13, E'NEU.
NE'i SEVi. Section 24, Township 22 S,
Range 25-E, G & S R B & Meridian,
has filed notice of intention to make
threu year proof, to establish claim
to the land above described, before
.Tnro-I 11 Tuvlnr IT R Cnmniiwsinnpr
at Bisbee, Arizona, on the 22nd day of
May. 1918.
Claimant names as witnesses: Wil
liam H. Withercll, Andrew M. Maxam,
Henry Ash. James E. Kenney, all of
Bisbee, Arizona.
J01INL.IRVIN.
Register.
First publication, April 20, 191S;last
publication May 22, 191S.
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR
U. S. LAND OFFICE AT PHOE.MX,
ARIZONA, APRIL 13. 1918.
Notice is hereby given that George
L. Dunn, of Stark, Arizona who, on silver Lead, uusurveyed, owned by C.
April 17, 1913, made Homestead En- Uy. Rambo.
try. No. 022187. for WXEU. WViSEl J. L IRVIN. Register.
4, Sec. So, and on February 17,. 191:,
matte rdditional Homestead Entry. No.!
0267S5 for SE'NW'i, E1,iSV', SW'4
SW, Section 35, Township 23-S
Range 22-E, G & S R B & Meridian,
has filed notice of intention to make
three year Proof, to establish claim
to the land above described, before
Jared D. Taylor, I. S. Commissioner,
at Bisbee, Arizona, on the 23rd day
of May. 1918
Claimant names as witnesses: Joel
H. Alien, Cornelius N. Driscoll, Charles the l&ws of the State of Arizona, w ith
A. Martin, all 3 of Hereford. Arizona, its principal office at the city of Bis
JOHN L. IRVINE. . bee, by its president and secretary.
Register
First
ublication April 20 1918; last
tion May 23, 1918." ' '
publication May
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR the Warren Mining District of Cochise da. Sunshine and Nancy Hanks lodes.
U. S. PATENT ! Coonty. State of Arizona, approximate- Survey No. 3137. Jack Tot No. 1, and
Mineral Survey No. 3387 I ly in Section 13. Township 23 S., Range Jack Pot No. 3 lodes. Survey No. 3158,
Serial No. 038239 '21 E., (unapproved) and Section 18, Ruila lode. Survey No. 3374. Rockland
United States Land Office, Thoenix, j Township 23 S., Range 25 E., described lode. West. Surrey Xo. 3374, Rock
Arizona, March 1, 1918. 'as follows: lnd lode. Anna lode unsurveyed.
Notice is hereby given: That R. A. V. ARREN "Beginning at Cor. No. owned by R. A. Bretherton and C. M.
Bretherton and C. M. Henkel. whose 1. the S. E. Cor., whence the W. i Heukel."
postoffice addresses is Bisbee, Cochise '. Cor. of Sec. IS, T 23 S.. R 25 E.. G. & J. L. IRVIX. Register.
County, Arizona, have made applica-' S. R. B. & M.. brs. S. 72 4Z' E. 2425.1 First Publication March S. IMS.
tion for patent for the follow ing named , ft. thence N. 77 57' W. llilG.o feet to Lust Publication May 17, IMS.
Gas Fired Water
For Attaching
to Your
Range Boiler
Bisbee
lode mining claim, situated in the
Warren Mining District, CocLise Coun
ty, Arizona, in Section 13. nnaiirv.ed.
T. 23 S. K. 24-E. G. & S. P. B. & M,
described as. follows, to-wit:
SUCCESS: Beginning at Corner
No. 1, the N. E. corner, whence tne
W4 corner of Section IS, T. 23 S. '..
25-E. G. & S. R. B. fc M. bears N. 89
11' E. 2948.8 feet; thence S 4 34' W.
326.40 feet to corner No. 2; thence N.
87 21' W. 1500 feet to corner No. 3;
thence N. 4 34' E. 425.30 feet to cor
ner No. 4; thence S. 83 34' E. 1500
feet to corner No. 1, the place of be
ginning, containing a net area rt 7.351
acres, expressly excluding area in con-
flict with Survey No. 3117, Bruce Lrndo;
of 3.802 acres, and with Survey No.
3117, Baltic Lode, of 1.7S3 acres.
The location notice of this claim is
recorded in the office of the County
Recorder of Cochise County, Arizona,
as follows:
1 SUCCESS Book 49, Records
!of Mines, Page 138.
The names of the adjoining claim
, to this survey are: On the North Sur-
vey No. 2176, Corona lode and Survey;
No. 3158. Corona lode; on the East
Survey No. 3158, Rolla lode and Sur
vey No. 3117 Baltic lode; on the South
Survey No. 3117 Baltic lode and Sur
vey No. 3117 Bruce lode; on the West
Survey No. 2029 Horse Shoe lode.
J. L. IRVIN, Register.
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR U.
S. LATENT.
Mineral Survey No. 3384.
S. Land Office. Phoenix. Arizona,
February 28. 191S.
I?.
Notice is hereby given that Samuel
Sutcliffe, C. W. Rambo and Carl Smith
whose postoffice addresses are Bisbee,
Arizona, have made application for a:
patent for the Winnebago lode mining
claim, situated in Warren Mining Dis -
trict, Cochise County, State of Arizo -
na, in Section 7. (unapproved) Town-
ship 23, south, range 24 east, G. & S.
R. B. &. M., w hich claim is described
as follows, to-wit:
Beginning at corner No. 1, the S. E.
corner, whence the U. S. al. M. No. 1.
Warren Mining District bears S. 77
degrees 37 minutes east, 8754.1 feet,
thence S. 61 degrees 26 minutes W.
6f O.'m fet to corner No. 2. the S. W.
corner, thence N. 5 degrees 24 minutes
east. 1500.00 feet to coiner , the
N. V. coxer. thence N. 61 degrees 26
minutes B. Cno.O-.i feet to corner No. 4,
:,ne -N- E coiner, thence S. 5 degrees
24 minxes 1500.0U feet tt? corner No.
1. the place of the beginning, contain- 5D7 feet to Cor. No. 5, thence S. 86 34'
ing net area of 17.13a acres. E 833 feet to Cor. No. 6, the X. E.
The location notice of this claim is't'or, thence S. 2 21' W. 559.90 feet
recorded in the County Recorder's of- j to Cor. No. 1, the place of the begin
fice, Cochise County. State ot Arizona, j ning, containing a net area of 18.456
as follows: Book 42, Record of Mines, jacies.
at page 43. j COPPER WEDGE Beginning at
The names of the adjoining claims Cor No. 1, whence the W. i Cor. ot
are: North, Biue Bird, unsurveyed, Sec. IS. T. 23 S.. R. 25 E., G. & S. R, B.
owned by the Copper Queen Con. Mg. i m., brs. X. SI 55' W. 157.9 feet.
Company; East, Bisbee Queen, unsur- thtnee S. 66 17' W. SS2.30 feet to
veyed, owned by C. W. Rambo: South. : (i No. 2. the S. W. Cor., thence N.
White Bird, unsurveyed. owned l y it.
W. Clarkson und X. L. Hayden; West.
First publication Feb. 2S, lim
NOTICE OF THE APPLICATION OFl4.t;i)l acres, expressly excluding area
THE BISBEE-WARREN COPPER i In conflict with Sulphide lode, this sur
COMPANY FOR A UNITED STATES 1 vey of 3.257 acres."
PATENT The location notices of these claims
Mineral Survey No. 3389. "lare recorded in the County Recorder's
V. S. Land Oftice, Phoenix, Ariz., ! oflice. Cochise County as follows:
March. 4. 191S.
T otice is hereby given that the Bis-bee-Warren
Copper Company, a cor-
Deration organized "and existing under
ithereuuto duly authorized by resolu-
'ion of its board ot directoishas made
' aprdication for patent for the following
named lone nnning ciauns. suuaieu in
Provides abundant supply of
hot water ot reasonable cost.
Call at our store and ask fcr
demonstration, or make re
quest for representative to tall
upon you.
Improvement Co.
Cc. No. 2, the S. W. Cor., thence N.
11' 02' E. 6uo feet to Cor. No. 3, tha
N W Cor., thence S. 77 57' E. 1496
leet to Cor, No. 4. the N. E. Con,
tLi-nre S. ll 02' W. Ju0 feet to Cor.
No. 1, the place of the bogisaing. con
taining a net area of 11.47! acres ex
pressly excluding area in couflict with
i Survey No. 315s, Kolla. lode of 7.511
iut its. and with Survey No. 3374, Rock-
land lodw of 1.C1J acres."
BISBEE "Beginning at Cor. No. 1.
the S. E. Cor., whence the VV K Cor.
of Sec. 18. T. 23 S., R. 25 E., G. & S.
R B. & M. brs. S. 64 20' E. 943.4 ft.,
thence N. 77 57' W. 1418 feet to Cor.
No 2, the S. W. Cor., thence N. 11'
J2' E. 6uo feet to Cor. No. 3, the N. W.
Cor., theace S. 77 57' E. 1498 feet to
Ccr. No. 4, the N. E. Cor., thence S. 11
02' W. 600 feet to Cor. No. 1. the
i place oi the beginniug, containing a
; u'-t area of 2.0.63m acres.
:tKD ROCK "Beginning at Cor. No.
! 1 tht S. E. Cor., thence N. 7 53' W.
J4C'j iu feet to Cor. No. 2, the S. W.
Cor., thence N. 14' 32' W. 406.70 feet
'c Cor. No. 3, the N'. W. Cor., thence S.
' &' E. 14fa.i0 leet to Cor. No. 4,
the N. E. Cor., thence S. 21 32' E.
345.30 feet to Cor. No. 1, the pUce of
th beginning, a net area of 7.504
acres, expressly excluding area la con
flict with Survey No. 3137 Jack Pot
No. 3.
CARBONATE "Beginning at Cor.
No. 1, the N. E. Cor., whence the W
I Cor. of Sec. IS, 1. 23 S., R. 25 E., G. t
S R. B. ti M. brs. S. 5a 54' E. 717.3
feel, thence S. 2" 24' W. 14Sa.o0 feet
j to Cor. No. 2, the S. E. Cor., thence N
7Z 57' W. 532.30 feet to Cor. No. 3,
the S. W. Cor., thence N. 0 52' E. 600
' feet to Cor. No. 4, thence S. 73 09' E.
' 27 30 feet to Cor. No. 5, thence N. 13
47' E. 597.80 feet to Cor. No. 6, thence
; N. 73 o'J' W. 40 feet to Cor. No. 7,
1 thtnee N. 24 32' W. 345.30 feet to
! Cor. No. 8, the N. W. Cor., thence S.
77 57' E. 600 feet to Cor. No. 1, the
! place of the beginning, net area of
! 'J.6V1 acres, expressly excluding area
'in couflict with Sulphide lode of this
". survey of 1.532 acres and with. Surrey
1 No S390 Nancy Hanks lode ot 5.744
'acres.
j SL LPHIDE beginning at Cor. No.
' 1. the S. E. Cor., whence the W.
Cor. of Sec. 18, T. 23 S., R. 25 E., G.
j S It ii. i M. brs. N. 87 04' W. 594.7
i feet, theuce N. o4 32' W. 1463.50 feet
: tc Cor. No. 2, thd S. W. Cor., thence N.
!2' L't' E. 3ui feet to Cor. No. 3, thence
j ir o2' E. 300 feet to Cor. No. 4.
i the X. W. Cor., thence S. 77 57' E.
4- k. 4.54.1 teet to Cor. Xo. 3, the
! x. for., thence X. Sf 46' E.
. 12W.SO feet to Cor. No. 4. the X. E.
( 01. thence S. 2 24' W. to Cor. Xo. 5,
: ttv s. E. Cor., thence .". 8S 55' W.
j 437.7b feet to Cor. No. 1, the place ot
me oegiuuing. cuuiuunng a uei area 01
Warren Book 53, Page 423.
Bisbee Book 53. Page 426.
lied Rock Book 53, Page 423.
Sulphide Book 53. Page 425.
Copper Wedge Book 53, Page 421.
C i.ibonate Book 53, Page 422.
The names ot the adjoining claims
are:
Xorth Survey, No. 2113 Mayflow-
er. Golden Gate. Juniper and Wedge
loc.es. East Survey Xo. 2425, Delta
win-. iu suite; tu. umtuu-
5
Heater
I
k
t
1
I Six
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, APRIL 28, 1918.
Buy
.Ukriy
You Can't Make
an Omelet With
out Breaking Eggs
3?
TO win the war it is unavoidable
that the rights of the individual
be infringed. It is unavoidable that
his personal comfort be temporarily
ignored, his personal property tem
porarily conscripted, his personal
fortunes temporarily impaired.
I We Must Make Haste
We Must Strike Hard
There is no time to weigh too care
fully the questions of individual
equity. The big job, the one job, is to
win the war. There will be plenty of
time to talk about it and adjust
grievances afterward.
All arguments aside, we've got one big job on)at the moment to
Invest in
LIBERTY BONDS
1
W III I
TF4
This Space Paid for and Contributed by
Bisbee Lumber Company Gibson-Hines Lumber Company
Cochise Lumber Company
H. E. Wootton x
t . . ... m
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, APRIL 28, 1918.
FIVE
A
s
V.
'i
i
1
i
4
DAILY REVIEW WANT ADS
Advertisements under this head at the rate of 1 cent per word each Issue, with a minimum charge of 23 ci'uts
Advertisements must reach The Review office not later than S p. ni. for insertion in next morning s paper.
Male Help Wanted
WANTED Bellboy. Copper Queen
Hotel. 766
-
WANTED Young man as helper on
v.h r.rc. ,.h,n n ir-arn irvn'e:
must be bus'kv apply foreman press
room, Monday, 3 o'clock. !
LEARN actual auto repairing, book-
kepninir shorthand, radio engineer-
ing. Voung Men's Christian Asso
ciation, Los Angeles. Catalog free. I
230 j
female Help Wanted
WANTED A waitress; must be tirst
c.ihs, Coppjr Queen Hotel. 131
.. '.".ZD Ten bright, capable wo
. . . io travel, demonstrate and sell
.-rs. $2a.UU to fau.uu per ween.
once Goodrich Drug Company, Dept.
131, Omaha, Nebr.
571
WANTED Girl for
work, phone 599.
geenral house
164
WANTED Experienced waitress;
married woman preferred, box 161.
196
WANTED First class white cook;
small private family. Telephone i7.
134;
WANTED Woman dinner cook;
French kitchen. Brewery Gulch. 87
WANTED Girl for general
work. Phone gTeen 260.
house
61)
For Sale
FOi: SALE 5-room furnished house;
74 A Brewery Gulch. 135
FOR SALE Six hole steel range; Just
like new; Mrs. J. D. Burleson, Frank-j
lin house, Bakerville. 132 j
t'mti o i c tnnAn Tponcfor trnrk
and business; cheap for cash; phone!
65- 150 1
FOR SALE Household furniture for
two rooms; complete; ready to live;
groceries included; cheap for quick
sale; phone 862. 153 j
FOR SALE Six-room house in Co- j
chise; small cash down; balance l'ke
rent. Box 1781. Bisbt.e. 151 :
i
motor-!
FOR SALE
cvcle. 17;
Hotel.
-Harley Davidson
creap for cash;
Moose ;
loS
FOR SALE Furniture of 14 rooms, ,
Boarding and rooming house, 23 !
boarders, doing good business, house ;
for rem must be sold at oace; part-;
ies going away. Apply to M. C. High, j
28 !
TYPEWRITER PAPER, good Dond,
paper, 8 1-2x11, at tl.Oo per 500
sheets. Review Job Dept.
FOR SALE Uncalled for suit?.
Levia Tailoring Co., Lowell.
M.
904
FOR SALE Floor lamp, ?J.00; phone
Green 260. 6S
FOR SALE Nice furniture of three-
room apartment. Boston Apts., No. 1
8. 74 1
RULED INDt-X. CAltS ox3 lliclies, j
for sale at Review Job Department,
a 15 1
FOU SALE Furniture, 111A Tomb
stone Canyon, phone Blue 849.
I ld fa"re paidT Weekly advance , FCK SALE-4-room, modern, fu: n
,PnSM. Address at buse. arrsn. lor terms,
FOR SALE Furniture; privilege of j WANTED To sell boarding and room
1 renting 5-room house in Warren; ing house, on account of sickness
call, 783. 194 j R.. Review. 11
FOR SALE 2-room house and lot; "
furnished; terms, ?550; cash, $5"0.
n.r it u- t, -,...i iii i -
- -
FOIl SALE 3-room, modern
.ui..-:
ish-ed house; Mason Hill, Mclz car
stop, back of Porters. 105
FOR SALE Buck s six hole range; iu ;
good condition; 207 Block Knob i
VIcu. Warren. 10
FOR SALE Well improved ranch; I
close to town; see the owner, Forum !
inie. i
FOR SALE 4-rooiu furnished house;
screen porch, cellar, yard fenced; i
uerrity, 14 iaim tiiu.
FOR SALE Ford car, 1917 model;
cheap for cash; Wm. Hughes, ln
front of Copper Queen hospital, on
Cowan Bridge, house 3. 14
TYPEWRITER PAPER, good bond,
paper, 8 1-2x11, at ?1.00 per 500
sheets. Review Job Dept.
PSTEY DINK A Better Use
I 1 W-'
' ' ' TOLE.-T MIS CHICKENS COMEi V UI CO OVEE. Y J-ril!
lY MCV- W N I )VER AMD ROU ND MAKE AtAkZ1
CLOCK. (I tC fiMSmMk - - A CMA!KIEJ EM T7?"v
For Sale
FOR SALE A bicycle, cheap; in good
condition; apply Laurie Harris, off:
Broiv.y Ave., or Box 102S. 102
'
FOR SALE One four-cy linder L'vMc
baker tourir.g car; like iew, phone
71S; 1 ring, or inquire of L. Bootr.
DonLutb Z
FOR SALE 4-cylinder, 4-passcnger
Cole automobile; in first class
shape; price, $ 460.00; Slag Dump
lo6
Garage.
FOR RENT 4-rooiu furnished house,
inquire Victor Rooms, Brewrey
Guich. 73
FOR TRADE Two good lots In El
Paso for mining stock. What have
you': Koy Benz, Bisbee. 733
call Green 745.
M
FOR SALE 1300 buys, 600 Associ
ated pharmacists stock. P. O. Box
722, Warren. 99
FOR SALE One 12-room apartment
house, completely furnished, on Op
era Drive. A good buy. C. H. Hogan,
below Copper Queen Hotel.
FOR SALE One 6-room apartment
houso, furnished, modern, close in. A
bargain. C. H. Hogan, next Copper
Queen Hotel. 92
! Furnished Rooms
MOOSE HOTEL Furnished
12.00 per week and up.
rooms
377
I OR RENT Furnished rooms
rent. 120 Upper Lowell.
for
1S9
I FOR RENT Delifhtful front room.
furnished, prefer lady or gentleman
on day shift. 12S Quarry Canyon.
1S1
" 11 A-- - - ...
KENT-Three furnished rooms;
apply Dan Gernty, Jones Hill. 24!j,'0i;
FOR RENT Three nice, furnished
rooms for rent. No. S Upper Lowell.
Neliie Lange. 41
FOR RENT Furnished room, fl.50
per week and up, 69 Brewery Gulch.
90 '
RULED INDEX CaRDS 5x3 luche,!
for sale at Review Jab Department, j
sia 1
I
FOR RENT Two furnished light !
housekeeping rooms 163 Opera Drive
8S8
Wanted
WANTED Four or five room nous;
furnisheu or unfurnished, with gar
age. Pox 1946, Bisbee. 169
WANTED Sewing machines, for the
Rud Cioss. Singers preferred; must
be in cood condition and cheap. Call
Mrs. C S. Thompson, 53. Iu7
WANTED Miners with personal ac
quaintance throughout Warren Dis
trict; can more tnan double present
earnings, without interference witn
regular work. Answer with address i
to box 2331.
156
WANTED Two business men can
have room and board with private
family; "first class"; centrally lo
cated. Address D. E. F., care Re
view. 103
Personal
' H a j I VIII. (u, 'm M fr,'.i...-lr...rll
- " - "ul uumtriiaiu 1
1 IKItt. 1! tlOl. 1 tail Ket Vim lanu Worm I
several inousana dollars, J. t.. .Mart-1
in, box 2543, Bisbee, Ariz. 1661
Miscellaneous
I IF YOU IXTEXD TO BUILD or alter-;
a.c vour home it will pav you to sec
Gus C. Hendrick, Box 3S23 Lowell.!
us i
m
iViVDney to Loan
$.riO ftOn T( 1 n V ,n - m Tr,..m.t ..llu I
urencrtv "r for buildinr?. .isv I
terms of payment. T. A. Hughes, 1
over Bank of Bisbee. ' ::5iFOR RENT Two light housekeeping
! I rooms, furnished; IS Tombstone can-
SMALL quick loans on your personal 1 yon, opposite Gibson Mines Lumber
noto to salaried men and women, al-1 Co.. phone Mrs. Duff at 5Vi. 126
o on furniture. Cox Loan Co. Room
2, Lyric Theatre building.
166 !
of the Space
4 ' . . II - d. '- IV r Ml 1 I YT V NX' C . II
.. , - v - 1 .;,vr, s 1
For Rent
' FOR RENT Sn
ill
apartment for
light housekeeping.
I i.. l.t
water
and fuel included Trie- J 1( 0 ,i( r
week- Vo lt o !: KireeP r.i
; FOR RENT Three room furnished
apartment. Iiernard Flats. Apply
Hogan and Seed. 105
FOR REXT Two housekeeping
rooms. 71 Upper Lowell.
Is.!
FOR RENT Two housekeeping rooms
ior fio, iik"l iiuu water luroisiieu
16 School Hill
Third house fro.u
lb' i
Brophy.
.
rOR KEN 1 Housekeeping room back'
if Hpnflfrv:nn T.imihor Vmvl 1? .
Walsh aveniiB " i!m!
FOR RENT Two large furnished :
rooms for light house keeping, 16', 2 '
Tate Hill, Johnson Ad.; gas, lights j
and water; no children. 199 !
!
FOR RENT May 1, 5-room house; j
partly furnished; no children; com-1
bination kitchen; cold storage; bath.;
eas and water: screen Dorch: 169
Art Hill, lombstone Canyon. 20U ,
FOR RENT Anartment. lichts. water.
paid; call cement block house, back
of lumber yard. 19S
FOR RENT Two furnished rooms,
with bath, for housekeeping, free
water. E. G. Limprecht, Tombstone
Canyon.hct ween Mason and Lock
lin car stops. 197
FOR RENT 3 room house in Don
Luis; inquire of Mrs. Fred Sweeney,
11 Montana St., Johnson Add. 2ol
FOR RENT Two well furnished
rooms for housekeeping; Johnson
Addition; house 30, Johnson avenue.
No children. 132
FOR RENT Two nicely furnished
rooms for light housekeeping. 1-1
Jiggerville. 149
RENT 2 furnished rooms; water
and lights furnished; also for sale,
3-rooms with large porch, Winwood
Addition. A. Hamrick. 923
FOR RENT Two story building, with
lun;e basement, suitable
said house or storage and w
business. In center of Bii
nes3 district. Rent reasonal
ply Bisbee Daily Review.
FOR RENT Two housekeeping rooms
49 ti K. street.
4j ;
FOR RENT For the summer; nicely
furnished bungalow, including piano,
5 rooms and oath, in Warren. Fcr
particulars, phono 331. 77
FOR RENT Five room furnished
house,' near C. tc A. office, Marren;
Phone Warren otfice, 463. 15
FOR RkNT One 3-room furnished
house, 207 High Road. 91
FOR RENT Two nice clean house
keeping rooms, 20; with 1'glits and
water included; Warren Hill, up city
bteps, across from Lincoln school;
Brown house. O. Mathews.
KOR RENToffice rooms,' Alien bldg..
apply to M. C. High.
1
FOR RENT 4-room house, untuni-
asnea. witn Datn, large yara. no. 1
Bauer Hill, Lowell. 98 ;
FOR RENT Three furnished house-1
keeping rooms,
rtn.
John Ceron, War-
Jto
!
FO-1 RENT 5-room house, 83 Upper
Lowell.
964!
1 FOK REXT Front room with three
. . . . ..- ... .
wiuuows ana ciosct. ureaKiasi auu-1
1 iv mnra ('l At iu,,,. III I tii.-ir
tlil- top
963
j
hou:.e-.
! FOR iiENT Two furnished
keeping rooms, in Warren,
237.
phone
48
FOR RENT 011 FOR SALE 4 rooia, '
ncw cement house, Spring canyon.!
1n7!I'
i"-.
FOR REXT Furnished housekeeping
iv.t nu i iu.u.,i.i. uiiuoi.B'., j'lui, i
rooms; modern: yellow hous;:. one
rooms; modern; yellow hous:;, one
block from Bakerville Hotel, linker
vill.,- inmitrn nv.'iiinirM nr Siinnl:iv
1!5 !
I
REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RtbULT5!c,j;Jnly, State of Arizona, in Section IS
SCHOOL GIRL WRITES
LIBERTY LOAN F0lSi?J
The following poem was written by
a "co-ed" in the Crestou high -school,
alld nas bie" wm,!,J' printed thrcugn-
out tue state.
, zonans lo pumice unt riy i.onus.
'Tlie name of the gin author has not
lietn made puiiiic, out ine lines aie
sipned oy "Co-ed.
: UlU UP !
! Think of our sons, lat ins the Huns, '
I inking a wurior's chance;
Would vcu and 1 be vmiIiuk to dio
Like tnose
gallant leliows
in
'u js a shornian was ri(,llt 1
France?
li v i. .,11 niw there Vrmi th iwiml :
ue a 8,obi Kel on Ule job
i.,ri,am. a. Libertv l!nd
IThcwi'i r- litl In liu uiimiI l.v.- tlii-
?,." ' ' 1
liaft.
"'' it trail in the mud;
Moiliers and dads, back up the lads
Who are buying your freedom withi
blood.
DiK up the coin, everyone join.
NOW is the time to' respond;
Vive Uncle Sam, the kaiser be dam',
purchase a Liberty Bond.
Do vour duty by your country, and!
vnr fi.f itnv r I.ihertv (..mi ..f ihei
bond of the
irivin ' arv-
it m it"
third issue. You are not
1 I fhintr v,,ti nrp iitilriv invout
1 Ll i
;
otOCK Dalesmen ;
. - . 1
STOCK SALESMEN Big money now
being made in Arkansas and Okla-1
homa, selling Piedmont Motor Slock,
nf I .vnrhlmry Virginia f'rmiti:nv
turning out twelve cars dailv. Leads i
fnTnised; liberal commissions; no
advances. T. H. ENNIS. 431 South-
ern Trust Bldg., Little Rock, Ark. '
U-2
cn.,.. ,i
o 1 tv o.iLir.o.nr.. r iiiitiiciui iiuuf-t;
has onened for Sl.uoo ner moiuh
stock balesmen to tollow up uv.:
leads which cost us from $!0 to i
?15 a piece in small towns. Strong '
selling issue. Have active enthu se-:
ment of mar.y -promiuent men. 2j
to 30 leatlswh en salesman starts i
more continually. Excellent refer- i
ences required. Address Sales Man-
ager, (121 Otis Bldg., Chicago, 111. I
I6i !
1
Butte claims.
Candy store.
rroesional Carets
.MADAME J. RE A KEYS, St. Regis ho
tel. Lo-ell, Ariz. Phone 62. Clair -
v;yant and crystal reader. Dea-i
trance spirit medium born with a
double veil, without asking questions
g.ves you dates., facts and figures
atid will read Jour entire life. 720
Legal Notices.
IN THE DISTRICT COURT OF THE
UNITED STATES, FOR THE
DISTRICT OF ARIZONA
In the Matter of KIMBALL F. HINDS,
Bankrupt.
In Bankruptcy, No. B-32 (Tucson 1.
To the creditors of Kimball F. Hinds
f. ln '. ot Ctlh1'0' ,
intuit -iu .,!, . i,uun..url.
XOTiCI. is hereby given that on the
I ...... ""D l,L " -31 -; mnnth at llf!.l Kelluwa 1 all. Visiting
1 it liriiieinal oli.ee at the Cltv Ok Bis-1 , ,, ........ ,
for whole- iLOST-Largo brown envelope, eon- " a" ,-, KP,.tarv. ?lsl"3.ilr.cla" 1"ileu'
areuous.il tainiii' a nuiuber of letters. Iteiurn ''.- d..,v authorized by rtsolu-! -
sbee bus.- to Review. Rc-vrd. 1S tio of jts bo:ird ot ttjrectors. has made ' IM t . c"no
able. Ap-' ..,,:. ,,,., ti.v ,..,( for th follow. : ,u- GhAltu. M. of R. C.
54JILOST-IU Wtimii.; ma;, f C.P!er - - lodo iun:u cla:.us. bearing! 14-
i'4'h day of April, nas. ine said imiu-;w
ball F. Hinds, was adjudicated Bank -
rupi ana mat ine nrsi nieeium oi tu.- .
creditor. will be held at the office of
the undersigned. Room 4, OKI Post-
oflice Building, in the ( lty of Tucson,
Arizona, on the l.'.th day of May, 191S. 1
at 10 o'clock A. M.; at which time the
said creditors may attend, prove their
claims, examine the Bankrupt antl
transact such other business as may;
properly
come before said nieelmg
Datetl ai Tucson, Arizona, this 20th :
day of April, 1918.
F. II. BERNARD.
Rilv. Releree in Bankruptcy.
NOTICE CF APPLICATION FOR U.
S. PATENT
Mineral Survey No. 3383.
R l.nml Dffirp. I'lioenix. Ariz..
: ' -i.
MITCH i-, 1U1S.
.-fY. .1.. i-3 urnpnv rn'L'v ,k..t
.Miiivr. jir.iir.ii i ui i iiuu I
tho Bisbee-Warren Copper Company
the Bisbee-Warren Copper Company.
corporation organized and existing
I under the laws of the state of Arizona,
with its lunicin.il oflice at the city ot.tln.uce X. 81'
111:. - bee. by its president and secretary, I Ccr. No. 1. the place --f the beKiunin,
j then unto duly authorized hy resolu- j ciu.taining a net area of 5.279 acres
j'tioi, ot its Board of Directors, has expressly excluding area in conflict
ini tio application for a patent for thclv.iih Horse Shoe lode of this survey
: Wildfiower lode mining claim, situat -.t G.364 acres and ith Sunshine lode
etl in Wam-n Mining District. Cochise
- , 1 s m r, s A 11 1 1 1- 11 1,
SMITM IU TLie ljoE L1TTCE OMT PIM IS V fe-l h
Township 2:!. South. Range 23 East.
G S. K. H. & M.. which claim is de-
scrlbed as fullo.vs. tow it:
ft., th-nce S. SS' f,.V S. 413.5 feet lo
!fi,r No. 2. thence X. 2" 24' E. M2.3
i ,,., to Cor No 3 thcnce s. 73 vy B.
, ,f , n foot In IVr Nn 4 th V V. Cnr.
fWM s. 2' 24' W. GOO feet to Cor.
y. foet to Cor. No. K. the S. W.
, ther.ee X. 2' 24' K. 37S.S feet to
( in. No. l. t n-t place ot tee beginning, i
o.-i'l:i:nine net area of 17.S39 acres. :
The location notice or this claim 13
n o,i ded in the County Recorder's of-1
r:(. p. Cochise County. State of Arizona. I
a $ follows: Boo!t 37 Record of Mines. I
at page 431.
the names or the adjoining claims
;,r, :: North Sur. No. 2424. IMta lode.
.i.ir. NO. 2'MiJ. Golden l:.ra, NO. I lode.
, Kat Sur. No. 2062. Little Era lodo.
lAnerican lode, unsurveyed. owned by
John Fiizputrick. South. Anvil lode
.insurveyed. owned by John Fitzpat-
West, Goieonda lode. Sur. No.
J. L. IRVIX. Register.
! First Publication March 8. ?918.
Last Publication May 17, 1918.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the Interior.
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix. Ariz.,
. . . Jiarcn t. iJa.
I .m'i., " 6".u
H. Stoltz, of Hereford. Arizona, who. j
'" APril 17 1'r'3- UVAile Homestead I
; Entry, No. 0221M. for SEU. Section
NOllCk is nereiy given mai jodd
Entry
15, Township -2-b, Range G. r
s. II. B Meridian, has filed notice of
!.,, 1 r n , hre-vpar I'rnof. to
establish claim to the land above de-
scribed, before Jared D. Taylor, United
States commissioner, at Bisbee. Ari-
v,ifi rn th firt tinv of MlV. 191S.
Claimant names as witnesses:
bcrt J. Perry. William A. Lyth. Cc'-
umbus T. Stoltz, all 3. of Hereforu.
Arizona; Ira E. Loomis, of Lewis
Springs, Arizona.
JOI1X L. IR IN
Anb.v,.,
First nublica'.ion. March 30, 191S. I
Last publication, .May 1,
NOTICE OF THE APPLICATION'OF
THh BI3EEE-WARREN COPPER
COMPANY FOR A UNITED STATES
Mineral Survey No. 3390
PATENT
U. S. Luud Office, Phoenix, March 4,
1913.
Notice is hereby given that the Bis-
bee-Warren Conner Company, a cor-
poration organized and existing under !
' copper, goitf mil silver, situated in tne
. WuiTen :.:i;.iai; iustrict of Cochise
County, StHte ! ' riz::aa, approxi
uiaieiy i;i Scti'm Is, Town.saip 23
South. Lurrjo J3 E., anj Set:'.ioa 13,
Tr.wnshin ti South, llanee 21 East
unapproved) ui icnijed as follows: :
GOLCONDA "iieg'.uxiing at Cor. No. :
1. mo X. W. Cor., whence the W. U 1
Cor.. of Sec. IS. T. 23 S., U. 24 E., G. & 1
S. it. li. : M., bisj. X. 81 35' W. 157.S
,,,.1. thence S. s' 55' E. 1434.20 feet i
to Cor. No. 2, the N. E. Ccr, thence
S. 2' 24' W. 6n0 Ieet to Cor. No. 3, the
S. E. Cor., thence N. 8S3 55' W. LL4.2o :
fen to Cor. No. 4, the S. W. Cor.,
thtrce N. 2' 24' E. 600 feet to Cor. No. j
L tne place of the beginning, contain-!
,ing a net area of 20.576 acres." !
! H'LD oy'Eii-"Beginniug at Cor.
No. l. tue N. vv . cor, wnence ine .
!Coi. of Section IS. T. 23 S., R. 25 E , '
U: a- m if it a- m 1,1 x 11" :.."i' W. 1
. '.. !........ o twJ rr i.- 1 I'll 9.1
(eet to Cor. No. 2, the N. E. Cor.,
;Ihl.m.H s. 24' W. 600 feet to Cor.
No 3. the S. E. Cor., thence X. 88 55'j.Mco:o lode c.f 0.153 acres, and with
Uji 2y Ieet w Cor No 4 th)J & w.!Suivev No. 3137 Jacic Pot No. 2 lode
; cJr thence N 2 2-t' E. 600 feet to jot 0.958 acres."
c )r o. 1, the place of the beginning)
containing a net area of 20.5.0 acres.";
HORSE SHOE "Beginning at Cor. i
v 1. the S. W. Cor., whence the Cor.
for lh(1 s V. Cor. of Sec. 18 and the
v V (jor ot sec. u 23 s n 2; k
y y jj jj. brs., S. 8J 25' '.
jj 2 feet, thence N. 2' 24' E.. 6u0 feet, I
to Cor. Xo. 2, the N. W. Cor., thence
E. 14J4.20 feet to Cor. No. 3,
the N. E. Cor., thence S. 2' 24' W. '
1 49-' .51- feet to Cor. No. 4, the S. E. Cor., '
: thence S. 87' 03' W. 1500.30 feet to
jCct. No. 1, the place of the beginning,'
! containing a net trea of 18.767 acres." i
APEX "Beginning at Cor. No. 1,
the S. V. Cor., whence the Cor. for the j arc: North Survey Xo. 3389, Carhon
S W. Cor., of Sec. 18 and tho X. W. ate. Copper V.'crtc and Sulphide lodes,
Coi. of Sec. 19, T. 23 S., i! 25 E., G. & ', Sui vey No. 21. '5, Delta lode. East,
S. K. 11. & M. brs. S. 19 29' E. S70.9 t
. .. .. ..w - ... ......
lee:, lUeiiCC ... ii lj. uJi.W ieet
lin i v,, v 1 Vi tt v c i.r i hini t
,u ...w ... ... . .
IS. T IS' E. 15nS.fiO feet to Cor. No. :
... n:i n. r.. - or., inenco a. i .
-niO.70 feet to Cor. No. 4. the S. E. Cor.,
W. 1497.90 feet to
t this survey of 0.784 acres
SUNSHINE "Beginning at Cor. No.
LODGE NOTICES
Cards of every fraternal order in the Warren District; giving the essential
fact j ol e::c.'i, their meeting nights. th?ir ofiictrs and the place of gather
ins wiil 1 ; found under their respective headings in these columns.
BISBEE LODGE, NO. 718.
Meets every Friday night. Moose Hall
Visiting Drothers cordially invited.
V. K. TONKIN, Dictator. 1
KAY ROSS, Secretary.;
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION!
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, j
DREADNAUGHT. !
l O. L. NO. 210.
meets In I. O.i
O. F. Hall first ;
and third
V.-y MONDAY at
7:30 p. m.
'k Visiting broth
$ - e r s cordially
invited to at
ltn tend.
-
w
T. SMITH AN, W. M.
ROBERT FERGUS, Secretary
P. O. Box 426, Bisbee.
BROTHERHOOD OF AMERICAN
YEOMAN
Richard I, Homestead 895, meets
Gil-i360"!1'1 an'i tonrth Tuesday at Odd
Fellows' Lall. VisitJng Archer are
cordially Invited.
j MRS. C C. FINLvVYSON, Foreman
p. c. Box 1526.
E. D. STINSON, Correspondent.
Px 1493.
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD.
Lowell Camp No. 46 will
meet every Wednesday
at 7:30, Brophy NalL
H. C. LANDAU. C. C.
O. B. THOMAS, ClerK.
All Woodmen invited.
PYTHIAN SISTERS
I.ily Temple No. 3 meets every
!ud
and 4th Thursday evening
each
1, u
.. k. i u.', whence the V. U
Cor. of Sec. li i. 23 S., R. 23 E., G. tc
S. it. li. .M. brs. X. 61 55' W. Ij7.a
feet, t:.cn;-e ri. 'J.' 21' W. 1500 feet to
Co:. No. 2. tn- S. E. Cor., thence S.
t;6- i7' W. ti-jS.2 1 feet to Cor. No. 3.
iho s. ,. ( or., thence .. J4 Z..
i- 'e't to Cor. No. 4, the N. W. Cor.,
thence X. 66' 17' E. SGS.20 ieet to Cor.
iNo. 1, the place of the beginning, con
tainmg a net area of 20.060 acres.'
NANCY liAMvb "Beginning at
Cor No. 1. the N. E. Cor., whence the
W ; Cor. of Sec. IS, T. 23 S., R. 25 E..
G. z S. R. B. & M. brs. N. a.' - E.
54'. .4 feet, thence S. 2' 24' W. Ij'JO
fet t to Cor. No. 2. the S. E. Cor.,
thence S. 6u' 17' W. 668.20 feet to Cor.
Nj 8, the S W Cor., thence N 2; 24'
u. j-wi met m c ui. .w. 1, mo .
Cor., thence N. TO" 17' E. 66.2 ) feet
to Cor. No. 1. the nlace of the begin-
ntmr ..if 1 , ti i r- it tt n,.r nrp.i nf I 'I
acres, expre.iy excluding area in con-
flic with Survey No. 2454. William is.
The location notices of these claims
are recorded la ttie County uecoraer s
Office, Cocl.iso County, a j follows:
Goieonda
Boo:i 57, Record of Mines
Pajre 105.
Hold Over
Hook
S, Record of
10, Record of
'. Mines, Page 463.
Horse Shoe Book
Mir.es. Page 330.
Apex Book 57, Record of Mines,
Pa;e 4S1.
Sunshine Book 30, Record of Mines
Page 332.
Nancy Hanks Book 30, Record of
Mines, Page 331.
The names of the adjoining claims
survey No. :;..s, wuutlow er lode. An-
...;ii. - 1. i...i.. ..a.
u ruifi; nun 1 ii)iri r.i iinira, uii.-
vp e.i tiwnoil hv .Tiihn Kitznatrick.
, -. j
South. Copper Era lode, unsurveyed
owi.ed by John Fitzp.itrick. Survey
No. 2454 Vic Roy and William H.
Mt.ore lodes. West Survey No. 3137.
Jack Pot Xo. 2 lode. Survey Xo. 3389
Car Ponate lode.
'I he official survey of said mining
claim being Minerr.l Survey No. 3390.
J. L. IKV1N". Register.
I First Publication MRich S. 1918.
Ijirt Publication May 17, 1918.
is -
TVlEY
Vaxl opportunity To usk TJis
5TACC To IsEMiwd OU
BUrUBERLTfBamS
IF VODB0MT, rr
"by, by: mmxH
i JUNIOR ORDER UNITED AMERI
l CAN MECHANICS.
to-tef-ZX Meets
Tiy?".fHall ev
Meets In Medigovic
ery Tuesday
Visiting brothers
j S. F. BENTON, Councillor.
I J. L. BENTON', Recording Secretari
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS.
,a Rathoone Lodge No. 10,
hvJ Knights of Pythias,
SiAyj meets each Thursday
"K jr,Z' (except second) in Odd
f -j? Fellows' Hall at 7:30
P- m- Visiting brothers
ig3 cordiahy invited.
LEON H. RICE, C, a
EARL SOBLEY. K. of R. S
FRATERNAL ORDER OF EAGLES.
Bisbee Aerie, No. 175. F. O. E., meets
first and third TUESDAYS. 8 p. m.
Eagle HalL Visitors cordially wel
come. J. F. WILMOTH. President
F. C. FENDERSON, Secretary.
C. L. EDMONDSON, Aerie Physician.
5.
LODGE NO. 671.
ResuZar meeting first and third Fri
day of each month. Visiting brothers
cordially invited to attend. Box 1322.
JAS. A. ALLISON. Exalted Ruler.
R. J. KELLY, Secretary.
KNIGHTS AND LADIES OF SECURI
TY, BISBEE COUNCIL NO. 2115.
Meets every second and fourth Sat- ,
urdays in the month at I. O. O. F...
Hall. 7' 30 p. in. Visiting members are -cordially
invited.
ARNOLD SCHMID, President. !'
P. O. Box 34S3, Lowell, Ariz.
FREDERICK J. ATT A WAY,
Secretary, Lowell.''
E. LINDQUIST. Financial Secretary, "
P. O. Box 3246, Lowell.
BISBEE LODGE, NO. 10, I. O. O. F
-j- meets every'
' T WEDNESDAY ;
',-' rov. evening at Odd '
w? 7 Fellows' Hall..
Main ttreet. at 7:30 o'clock. Visit.r
tirotheri cordially invited to atteod.
Hall phone 119.
H. It. TAYLOR. N. G.
CARL V. NELSON. Secretary.
ORDER OF EASTcSN STAR.
meets in Masonic Hal'
Pearl Ctaptr, No. 6, meets .
In Masonic Hall second and
fourth Tuesday of eacrt
muutb at 7:30 p. m.
MRS. EMMA WOODS. W. M.
Phone 161. Box 43, Bisbee. ,.
MRS. JESSIE BEVAN, Sec y. P. O. .
Box 2299, Chairman Relief Com.,
Phone 161.
WEEK ENDING. MAY 4. 191s.
Mor.ee) 2nd Degree.
Thursday Blue r.eg.
W. GII'LUY. W. M.
B. T. W ATKINS, Secy. F. &. A. M.
j. W. TO LAND. E. II. P.
C. F. PH1LBROOK. T. I. M.
F. E. BENNETT. E. C.
F. S. DAVENPORT. Secretary Chap
ter and Comaiaadery.
W. R. BANKS, Secretary Council.
T. F. B.
FRATERNAL
.z . Jt
BROTHERHOOD
r.- ... .
oeo ioace .o.
meets the 1st
and 3rd Mondays
j . )A. ' f u cacu iiiuntii at
V r vlth Hall. Visit
ing members coriiaily invitei.
B. F MOSS, President
MRS. C. E. FINOTTL Treasurer.
Box 722. Tel. 236, Red.
HONORA MUNCH, Secretarv.
Box 1621. .
MOlERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA.
Bisbea Camp No. 13415.
.Meets first Tuesday at
Odd Fellows' Hall.
R. L MOTZ. ConsuL
II. F. MATHEWSON,
Clerk.
By C A. VOIGHT
MlSSEX) EACH
I
0
VWICH GtVE5 OS EIGHT
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW. SUNDAY MORNING, APRIL 28, 1918.
r
I
i
Artistic Rugs and Floor Covering j The Demands of Spring! g?5tS2S
Add a Springtime Cheeriness to Every Home
1 hey . need not
be elaborate, for
there is a certain
elegance in sim
plicity. But they
must harmonize
with surroundings
to give that restful
and artistic ap
pearance. Our stocks of
Spring and Sum
mer floor coverings are wonderfully complete with just
the sort of patterns, designs, colors and weaves that you
would expect to see in any well equipped and beautiful
home.
Women, Children and Homes are, After All, Just a Part of Nature
Spring ii here the question of new attire is uppermsot in your mind. And this season, more than
ever, economy is considered.
But be sure your economy is practical. Study the styles carefully; choose garments that are becom
ing and stylish, yet serviceable. Buy good garments. The slight additionad cost is outweighed by the
longer service they give, and their continued pleasing appearance.
At this store, you 11 find the "Quality" standard upheld, because we know that "satisfaction" is of
far greater importance than a slight saving in price.
Moderately Priced Are These
New Spring Dresses at $19.50
Correct styles in all the diversity which the pres
ent fashion demands, will be found here in garments
adapted to all ages and types. The materials are taf
feta and Georgette combinalions, crepe de chine and
foulards in all the best spring shades, braids, buttons
and collars and cuffs of contrasting colors constitute
Special a $35.00 9x12 Axminster Rug for $27.50 the trimmings, priced at $19.50.
Every Patriotic Housewife Can Save Food and Fuel By Using One of
These Good Refrigerators and Combination Coal and Gas Ranges
Patriotic economy is the watchword of every true American housewife who wishes to do her bit to help
feed our allies and the boys over there. There is no" better way to conserve the nation's resources than by the
use of a Good Refrigerator or Range. s
I,... ...
i J ' - :Srrr - '.A
Combination Coal
and Gas Ranges
Add to the com
fort and economy of
your kitchen this
Summer by buying
one of these combin
ation coal and gas
ranges, a cool kitch
en in summer and a
warm kitchen in win
ter. This range takes
up no more floor .
space than any ordi
nary range.
Some Specially Priced
Women's Smart Spring Suits
At $26.50 and $27.50
There are so many new style ndtes to this showing
that one would have to see them to appreciate their quaint
distinctiveness. They are made of the smartest material,
including wool poplin, all wool serge, silk and wool chud
da, deihi, men's wear, serge, jersey, fancy weaves -and
black and white checks, flare, belted and pleated models
among others, with braids, buttons and light silk collars ar.
trimmings; priced at $26.50 and $27.50, sizes to 44.
Among the colors are greys, Peking blue, navy, tan, black,
gold and black and white checks.
Remarkable Variety of
Save-Guard I Your Health-Buy a Refrigerator j Women's and Misses'Spring Coats
Priced f rom wjw to $to.UU
$7.50 to $75.00
During the warm
months food soon
spoils if it is not kept
in a refrigerator
which maintains a
steady, low tempera
ture. Food costs money.
If it spoils before you
can eat it you throw
it away. Don't let it
spoil. Buy a refrigerator.
3- -.-
as
I
0
Mi
i. !
mm
fji mr i
Every conceivable style of coat is represented in
this assortment. Materials are satins, taffetas, suedes,
wool velour, wool poplin, wool jerseys, men's wear
serge, delhi, Fisher and Kennedy mixtures, etc. This
showing reveals coats for every Springtime require
ment. The New Sleeveless Jackets
Are the Newest of Spring Novelties
Made of black satin and velvet, lined with white satin
another of white novelty cloth, priced from'$l 3.50 to $25.00
Excellent Qualities in Women's and Children's Knit Underwear for Summer
It will be difficult indeed to find better qualities than are represented in our present showing of Knit Under
wear. The -models fit well because they are proportioned correctly. They are made of the best of yarns with dif
ferent lengths of sleeves, in various weights just for this time of the year. Today we especially feature the following
I
representative number that are remarkable values at thei r price :
Children's Vest3, sizes 4 to 5 and 6 to 7 15c
Children's Vests, low neck, no sleeves, 2 to 1 4 years.. ..25 and 35c
Children's Vests, Avith high neck & long sleeves, 4 to 14 yrs., 35c
Children's Pants with lace and tight knee, 4 to 12 years 35c
Odd lot Children's Union Suits, sizes 8 to 9 and 1 0 to 11, 50c, 65c
Children's Union Suits, all sizes 75c and 85c
Boys' Union Suits, athletic style, 8 to 14 years 85c
Women's Silk Bloomers, with tight knee and flowing ruffle
skirt effect.
. ;
i . .mi ....
I A v
Women's Vesls, low neck and no sleeves, plain, all sizes, 1 5 to 50c
Women's Vests, low neck, no sleeves, fancy yokes, all sizes, 35c
Women's Vests, low neck and short sleeves, all sizes 35c
Women's Vests, low neck and no sleeves, out sizes.. ..25 to 50c
Women's Pants, lace trimmed, tight knee, 50c
Women's Union Suits, low neck, no sleeves, tight knee, 75c to $2
Women's Union Suits, low neck, no sleeves, lace trim'd. $ I -$2.25
Women's Union Suits, closed, loose knee $I.X)0 to $1.25
Women's Union Suits, lisle with silk top, low neck, no sleeves
and tight knee $1.50 and $1.75
A Wonderfully Complete Showing of All the Latest Creations in Spring Blouses
They cover a large and comprehensive range everything from the simple
business blouse to the overwhelmingly beautiful creations exhibiting the most ex
quisite of needle work. Some are of Georgette crepe in all the best spring shades,
others are crepe de chine, while a large assortment of tub silk blouses are shown in
stripes of all colors on white ground.
Georgette Crepe Blouses From $4.50 to $80.00
Crepe de Chine Blouses From $3.95 to $10.00
Tub Silk Blouses, Stripes and Checks, $2.95 to $4.!
v mr .
95 im.
Silk Specials Lace and Embroidery
Km)
Sport, Khaki Kool and Pussy Willow
Silks, all new Spring patterns and
shades. Regular $4.50 value. Special,
the yard, $2.60.
26 inch All Silk Mes-'
saline, worth $1.25 a
yard. Special at, the
yard, 95c
40 inch Pee Wee
Silk, similar to Pussy
Willow. A beautiful
line of new shades, un
equaled for wear. Reg
ular $2.50 grade. Spe
cial at, the yard, $1.95.
cm
Make a special effort to view
this collection.
Normandy Val Laces and Inser
tions, 2 to 6 inch width. Special,
10c a yard.
Net Top Laces, with Venice
edge in white and
cream, 2 1-2 to 6
inch widths, 25c
and 35c values.
Special, 19c a yd.
Embroidery f&
Flouncing, 27 in. tf
wide, a regular 50c
value, priced at
39c a yard.
of Happiness
a VICTROLA
and
A New Display of
Spirited Spring Hats
Rarely have hats displayed such infinite variety
both as to size, shape or style. Nor have hats held such
a conspicuous place in the costume ensemble as they do
this season.
Trimmings are not used lavishly but every bit of
it is used so cleverly nad placed in such interesting fash
ions, that they produce very spirited effects, which bring
admiration from everyone. They are indeed hats of
character with decided lines and charming piquancy. All
made of fashionable straws radiating with Springtime
freshness. Not a woman in town who could not find
several becoming hats in this noteworthy assemblage.
Mothers, Here Are
Wash Suits for Boys
Boys that are real boys
have got to play, and a
playing boy is a good boy,
but he must be dressed
in proper clothes. These
wash suits meet all re
quirements for they are
good looking, they will
stand the rough and tum
ble service and they were
made for and will stand
the frequent schedule to
the tub.
Made of the very best
of wash matterials. Pat
terns are plain, just what
boys want. Prices low
considering their quality.
VIEW OVR SHOWWINDOWS-YOU WILL FIND SOMETHING NEW and DIFFERENT MOST EVERYDAY
Every Minute Brings Its Sum
Pleasure When You Have
in Your Home
Home, an Easy Chair and a Victrola!
What a combination for comfort and
enjoyment after a day's work's done!
You can sit enraptured with the sing
ing of the noblest masterpieces played M
byjhe worlds greatest artists; you can
feel the thrill of soul-stirring music by
the finest bands and orchestras ; or you
can forget your worries in side-splitting
laughter at the merriment of leading en
tertainers all in your own home.
WtoeWl 111
U. S. Food Administration License Number G-13942 Vi
v y
FIFTH!
Victors
and Victro
las from
$20.00 tojhg-.,,
Easy terms. 3&