t
I -v- -k -ir
I -fr I
1
TWO SECTIONS
M
Fourteen Pages
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service,
VOL 21, NO. 72. ,
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 1, 1918.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
If
f I J
Hffl
afihy l iWiilirol)? MLUw ffilllliid UUWit! kUIUlu I ilwoii
jr , 1 jr 5 ly", . -J5 7 .
liCS Oluil I P p IOI 1 I0J IFOfi! PliylO "i! 1 IllLF 1 II
HUNS F1CHT FURIOUSLY TO HOLD OUR '
HEN UNTIL GERMANS CAN GET BEHIND
OLD HlNDEiUl LINE IP SAFETY
PARTIAL SUCCESS CROWNED EF
FORT AS AT ONLY ONE PLACE
DID ALLIES MAKE REAL GAIN
UNTIL LATE IN DAY, ACCORD
ING TO REPORTS
CONTINUE PRESSURE
ALLIES CONTINUE TO HOLD UP
PER HAND AND RETIREMENT
OF FOE CONTINUES IN FACE OF
PERSISTENCY OF FOCH'S
DRIVING
Mont St. Quentin hat been takQ
by the Australians, together with
Feuilaucourt. In this surpise attack
more than 1500 prisoner were taken.
The way now is prepared for the
occupation of Peronne and a further
important advance to the east.
Simultaneously the French have
broken down the resistance of heavy
German forces along the canal Du
Nord and south of Soissons. In the
Soissons area they are in complete
possession of Juvigny and Crouy and
have reached the western outskirts of
Leury.
Notwithstanding the fact that the
allied progress has slowed down some
what, owing to the reinforcements
rushed in an endeavor to hold the vital
points on their line, there has been
no cessation of the allied thrusts
along the entire eighty mile front and
with minor exceptions these thrusts
have been successful. A gain of great
importance in the Lyt sector has been
made by the British who now are in
possession of that much fought over
ground Kemmel hill.
UNDATED WAR LEAD, BY THE
ASSOCIATED PRESS. Fighting to
delay the allied forces until the re
treating Cerninrs ?an be extricated
from the -Somme and Santerre battle
fields and placed behind the Hinden
burg line, General Ludendorff's arm
ies seem for the tlmn being to have al
n:ost chocked the allied advance.
At orly one point in Picartiy have
the Germans been forced to give
ground during the day. This is Just
north of Peronne where the Somme
turns west. Here the British have
advanced a considerable distance, ac
cording to advices from the field, but
they have not continued the victorious
sweep that marked their progress aft
er the German line naa given may
southwest of Bapaume.
In the south, near Soissons, French
and Americans are keeping up their
pressure against the German lines,
which threatens to outflank the ene
my positions along the Aisne and
Vesle. Further north the French have
ir.4de only local gains In their effort
to reach Coucy-Le-Chateau and cap
ture tbn heights which dominate the
eld German positions along the Che
min Des Dames.
Westward from the Allett. along
the Oise and northward to the Somme
river, west of Ham. the French are
fighting hard, but their advance Is
slow.
North of the Somme battlefield prop
er, the Germans, seeing the danger to
their entite army in farther inroads of
the British across the Hlndenburg
,. ' (Continued on Page Four)'
Review Will Receive Alt
Returns From Big Series;
Starts Wednesday P. M.
In line with Its established policy of
progressiveness The Review will re
ceive and bulletin at its office the in
teresting features of the world's se
ries for the baseball championship.
The first game is scheduled to Btart
Wednesday at 2 o'clock, Chicago time,
or 1 o'clock Bisbee time. F. H. Scow,
the Review's Associated Press opera
tor, will receive the returns over the
Review's leased wire direct from the
ball park.
The service this year, on account of
war necessities cutting down wire ser
vice, will not be so extended as In the
ITALIANS DROP LEAFLETS
FOR INFORMATION OF
SLOVAKS IN AUSTRIA
WASHINGTON, Aug. 31 Slovak
subjects of Austria-Hungary were
informed of the progress and alms
of the allies by escadrille of Italian
seaplanes which flew over Zara.
dropping 100,000 printed leaflets.
All of the planes and their destroy
er escort returned safely.
WORK OR FIGHT
FAILEDJO PUSS
Crowder's Order Supported by
Ruling of Secretary of War
and Will Be Put in Force
Here
t (By Review Leased Wire)
PHOENIX, Aug. 31. The depart
ment of labor has Issued a warning to
workers in non-essential industries
that they must not confuse hc recent
ly (ideated strike clause in the new
draft bill with the work or fight order
Issued by Crowder. The work or fight
ordei still sticks, and in this connec
tion Secretary '"tekep has. issued the
following statement.
"A man who gets an Industrial ex
emption by reason of his being an in
dispensable operative in an indispen
sable industry ceases to have that ex
emption as soon as he ceases to be an
operative in that industry. The boards
have never applied that in cases of
bonafide disputes between labor as
an aggregate and employers as an ag
gregate, but they have always pre
vented the man taking refuge behind
industrial exemption and then discon
tinuing the work for which he re
ceived exemption. Thus the apparent
purpose of the senate amendment is
already in operation. The reason for
exemption of married men Is depend
encv and not status.
"The point to bring out Is that men
who have been granted exemption on
dependency grounds now employed in
non-essential industries should lose no
time in getting into essential Indus-
, trips and staying there in spite of the
: fact that the strike clause has been
stricken from the bill. If thev do not
do this they run the risk of having
: dependency exemntion cancelled at
any time. But their first cue is to
1 get in touch with the nearest office
; of the United States employment serv
j ice or write Croaff at Phoenix" and
' see what openings there are in the
' nearest essential industries. Put this
across good and nab the slackers."
ON BISBEE END
I While a large number of men re
j ported yesterday at O. S. French's
j soft drink stand on Main street to reg
ister, and there were several applica
tions for work In the Astoria,. Ore.,
past. The complete tally of balls and
strikes, formerly sent, will not be in
cluded. Only the main features will
be covered, but In such a way that
every fan can easily follow the pro
gress of his favorites.
Not believing that baseball is a ne-
i cessity at a time like this. The Review
debated for a time whether to obtain
this service, but as the public has
become accustomed to It and demands
It, we decided to give it what it want
ed. In addition to the bulletin service,
a complete account of each game will
be published in the regular edition.
APPLIES
THOUGH
GERMANS HOLD
OH BY SLENDER
THREAD TO LINE
To Remain in -Peronne Will
Render Large Number of
Huns Liable to Capture by
British Soldiers N
WITH THE BRITISH ARMY IN
FRANCE. Aug. 31. (By The As
sociated Press.) With Mont St.
Quentin in British possession, the
Germans are In a precarious con
dition. Peronne must be evacu
ated Or the enemy may lose many
more men.
Starring from east of Clerylhis
morning the : Australians fooght
forward despite the heavy machine
gun. fire and swarmed into Feuil
laumourt, capturing 200 prisoners.
Another body of Australians un
aided by artillery, attacked Mont
St. Quentin. The Germans had no
.Idea that the Australians would
dare attempt such a feat. By 8
o'clock the Australians had fought
. their way to the top and soon
' after that signaled its capture.
Mont St. Quentin was alive with
Germans, wbw came from everywhere,
crying "Kamerad."
Those who did not were driven from
their retreats or killed. Hundreds of
prisoners were captured.
.While the hill was being mopped
up, British guns cut loose and began
pounding a torrent of steel back of
Mont St. Quentin as a reminder to the
Germans that they had better start
moving quickly. The Australians
must have worked with great swift
ness to make so much progress in so
short a time.
- At various points between Kemmel
and Bethune, the Germans have been
retiring and the British have gained
back a very considerable amount of
ground.
Several counter attacks delivered
during the day east of Bapaume
astride the road to Cambral literally
withered away before the fire of the
British machine guns. The road to
Cambrai and the ground on either side
for some distance was dotted with
the bodies of Germans, who dashed
against the British in useless at
tempts to drive them from the posi
tions they had captuted.
About the same time the Germans
were being beaten here, the Canadi
ans launched a fresh attack just south
of th Arras-Cambral road and drove
Into the enemy lines for some distance.
Heavy fighting is reported to be still
In progress between th Arras-Cambral
and the Bapaume-Cambral roads.
British troops have come close up
to the Procourt-Queant line and are
holding on while the Boche is trying
to' dislodg? them. Counter attacks
have been launched here and the bat
tle bus beMi raeing constantly. Neith
er side gives the other a chance to
-et the slightest rest The instant
rsprmnn counter attacks are beaten off,
the British reattack and gain a little
more eround. If the British fall back
s'Uhtlv before powerful Boche strokes
as soon as thev have quieted down
little the British attack aealn and hurl
the Germans out, not only gaining
ground, but Improving their positions.
The Germans have fought well in
this locality, but have gained nothing
and have suffered enormously.
It is noted in the fighting here the
enemy seems to have abandoned the
rifle and Is doing nearly all his fight
ing with light and heavy machine
guns.
Further advances have been made
during the along the Bapaume
Peronne road.
Longatte and Ecoust, from which
the British retired yesterday, were re
taken and the number of prisoners in
creased. Hullecourt is being mopped up.
South of Bapaume the British have
captured Riencourt-Les-Bapauiue.
'AMERICA'S LBERKIGEX1RXOSSDIO OF
t -TT '
This French official photograph
is the .'latest picture of Marshal
Ferdinand Foch, commander of the
mily&M :s ' ifyyj
..Iwmr .inrarri w ' - ibi.-1 - I " in-iiiniMiiiii ,.m -
WARREN DISTRICT SALES OF W. S. S.
ARE RUNNING HIGH, WITH GRAND
TOTAL UP TO DATE OF $210,469.63
Sales of War Savings Stamps and Baby Bonds In the Warren district
continue to increase and August was one of the banner months. The
August sales at the Eisbee postoffice totaled $52.06.1.64.
The sales Friday amounted to J14.747.S1 while yesterday they amounted
to $13,535.79. The sales for the first six months of the year were 1110,
930.82. For the month of July $37,475.17. The total amount of sales up
to this morning is $210,469.63. These totals do not include the sales of
the postoffice at Warren and Don Luis, which go through the Douglas
office. The showing of the Bisbee office is an excellent one. The sales
reported from Douglas up to and including August 29, for the year amount
to $139,430.76. Keep the Good Work Up. It still requires consistent
heavy buying to bring the Warren district up to its quota.
YAQUI
REVOLT
IS ADMITTED BY
GENERAL CALLES
Sonora Government Mini
mizes Gravity of Reports
Reaching Border as to the
Trouble Extent
fRy Review Leased Wire)
NOG ALES, Aril., Aug. 31. Gen.
Plutarco F.lias Calles, military gover
nor of Sonora, admitted tonight that
Yaqui Indians near Torres had revolt
ed Monday and that they are now in
the mountains. The general was in
clined to minimize the importance of
the revolt, and said he bad not beard
of the Culiacan revolt, news of which
reached the border today.
General Calles said that fifty Ya
quls were killed and wounded in the
battle fought near Ortii Monday, fol
lowing the revolt and that five fed
erals were killed and six wounded. He ,
also confirmed the capture and wreck-j
ing of a passenger train near Torres .
by Yaquis. General Calles denied
that there was any connection between
the Indian revolt and the Juan Cahral
movement, adding, that Cabral had re
crossed to the American side and was
now in the vicinity of San Fernando,
Ariz., and that his revolution was a
failure.
Sitting In his private car. parked in
front of the customs house in Nogales,
(Continued on Tags Three)
Marshal Foch and General Pershing.
allied forces in the war and Gen- I It waa taken at the American head- ,
eral John J. Pershing-, commander I quarters in France where . th i
of the American forces in Europleadrsdjsx;us9ei .newwarmovea.
RUSSIAN
ADR
E
ALLIEDJROOPS
President of New Republic
Gives His Views; Japanese
Issue Official on First Battle
in the North
ARCHANGEL, Thtirs.. Aug-. 29.
(By the Asosciated Tress). More
entente allied troops are needed in
forming a screen behind which a
new Russia may be formed to
join Russia's allies In the war on
Germany. Nicholas Vasilovitch
Tschalkovsky, president of the
new "sovereign government of
the northern region of Russia,"
tcld the Associated PresB.
It was the first interview accord- ;
ed by the. president to a. repre-.
sentative of the foreign press and
M. Tschaikovsky frankly discussed
the position, history and aims of
the new government.
"We want to restore the eastern
front aKainst Germany, together with
our allies." M. Tschaikovsky said. We
thouEht the only way to do so. in a
j.
ditk-n to the acitation of our own
people, would he to iiave a firm mili
tary basis and screen to work behind
and to protect us from immediate at
tacks by the Germans and I'olshevikl.
"We understood perfectly well under
tCot.tlmied on I'age Five)
ASKS
OR
OR
ALLIED TROOPS
x .
' . 1;.
r
REGARDLESS OF
ii
u
WITH THE AMERICAN ARMY ON
i THE VESLE FRONT, Aug. 31 (By the
j Associated Press.) The Americans
made a slight advance in their line!-'
'straightening progress east of Bazo-
ches earlv todav. the Germans not
learning of the maneuver until it was
nearly completed.
The enemy started a barrage and
with machine guns endeavored to
drive out the Americans who dug in
before dav light and held a position
north of the Vesle along the railroad,
Later the Germans turned their artil-
lery on the Americans but did not use
their infantry at this place.
The Americans early Saturday gave
the Germans in Flsmette and its vicin
ity the heaviest dose of gas sent over
since the Americans and Germans
took foothold along the Vesle. The
Americans used mustard gas and ob
servers after daylight reported that
Germans, individually and in small
groups were leaving the lowlands
where the gas fumes clung
YANKS
HOLD
HEAVY
SHELLING
The Germans answered with I All men within the new ages, wheth
mustard gas, firing about a thousand ' er citizens of the United States or
shells before settling down to the usu- j
al artillery firing,
There was no in-'
fantry action.
!
PLEASED WITH LAW
WITH THE AEKICAN Ait MY IN I
(Continued on PaK Thr
Muscovite Leaders Confer
With Allied Ambassadors
Seeking to Get War Loan
(By Review I.ensed Wire)
ARCHANGEL. Sunday, Aug. 23
(By The Associated Press.) A dele
gation of members of the "sovereign
KoveiT.ment of the northern reeion ol
Russia." headed by President Tschai-
kovsky, conferred with David R. Fran
els. the American ambassador, and the
other ambassadors, here as to the
probability of the allies aiding the new
government financially.
The government has been handicap
ped considerably by the last act of the
late soviet government, which was the
I mi
HEN OF
TO 45 TO
MLL
IS
BE INCLUDED
MACHINERY OF PROVOST MAR
SHAL GENERAL'S OFFICE SET
IN MOTION TO CARRY OUT DE
TAILS OF NEW ENROLLMENT
OF QUOTA OF FIGHTING MEN
FROM 7 A. M. TO 9 P. M.
EVERYONE MUST REGISTER OR
BE PUNISHED; PROVOST MAR
SHAL TO APPLY EXISTING REG
ULATIONS VIGOROUSLY
AGAINST INDUSTRIAL SLACKER
tFy Ttvirw Lens?d Wire)
WASHINGTON, Aug. 31. All men
from 18 to 45 years of age in the con
tinental United States, except those in
the army or navy or already register
ed were summoned by President Wil
son today to register for military ser
vice on Thursday. September 12.
Machinery of the provost marshal
general "a office! was set in motion to
carry out the second great enrollment
under, a -presidential proclamation Is
sue soon after- the president had
signed the new man power act extend
ing the draft ages. The bill, completed
in congress yesterday had been sent
to the White House for the president's
signature today soon after the house
and senate convened.
It is estimated that at least 12.778.
750 will enroll, compared with nearly
10,000.000 at the first registration
June 5. 1917. Of those it is estimated
that 2.300.000 will be called for gen
eral military service, probably two
thirds of the number coming from
among the 3.500.00O or more between
the ages of IS and 21.
General March has said all regis
trants called into the army will be in
France before next June 30, swelling
the Ajnerican expeditionary force to
more than the 4.000.000 men expected
to win the war in 1919. The last to be
called will be the youths in their
eighteenth year, but those of that age
j sary quaIlfications may be inducted
. into serviSe on October 1. for special
'technical or vocational training,
Registration will be conducted by
me local aran miaras. au leuerm.
state, county and municipal officers
I are called upon to aid the boards in
their work, to preserve order and to
round up evaders. All registrants will
be classified as quickly as possible un
der the questioanalre system and a
drawing will be held at the capitol to
the order of registrants in their re-
I spective classes.
The provost marshal general's estl
i mate today places the number of men
! under 21 in the army now at about
245.000. and the number of those from
132 to 45 at 165.000. .
' The hours of registration will be
from 7 a. m. to 9 p. m. and all state
. and local officials are called on to
' make Immediate arrangements for
i maintenance of registration places on
that day.
not must register unless they are dip-
lomatlc or consular representatives of
foreign nations.
In case of illness on the registration
day. arrangements for tardy enroil-
ment may be made with local boards
rPnnffnned on Pum Thr
-emoval of all the available currency
n the banks. The delegation report
ed considerable progress had been
made politically by its envoys sent to
viMages within the territory now o
ennied by its troops and those of the
allies.
At a point about seventy-five miles
south of Archangel there h considera
ble military resistance facing the Rus
sian allied forces. This hostile forc
is composed mostly of Ittlsh mer
cenaries of the soviet government and
Is equipped with artillery. THE BISBEE DAlLY REVIEW, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 1, 1918.
TWO
r
EXTRA SPECIAL
Fancy Silk Skirts at SS.95
Made extra heavy quality silk, in fancy plaids and
stripes. Regular price $1 0.50 and $1 2.50. Special for
Tuesday selling, $5.95. Second floor.
Let Us be Willing and Ready to Serve
and Sacrifice for All Humanity in
This Appalling Hour
Buy War Savings Stamps
A Feast of Modern Creations of This Season's Smart Styles, Overflowing
With Beauty, Now Ready for Your Inspection
A Beautiful Line of
New Fall and Winter Coats
Of the season's newest styles and smart effects, a large assor
tment to select from, made up in good weight materials. Some
with large collars of the same materials and others with Plush or
Fur. In the popular shades of navy, brown, burgandy, taupe and
black made on very graceful lines and beautiful styles. Come in
Tuesday and make your selection and be fitted in a new fall and
winter coat. Prices start at $20.00, $25.00, $29.50, $32.50,
$35.00 and up to $75.00. Second floor.
New Fall Blouse Creations
We have just received many beautiful new fall models, in
materials of Crepe de Chine, Georgette Crepe and many in satin
and Taffeta models. They're a very pretty blouse and made up
on very graceful lines. ' Some are beautiful hand embroidered in
beads and some are the new collarless models while others have
pretty roll collars with round and square necks, with alaborate
combination of colors.
We are also showing a big line of high neck blouse which are
strictly tailored models and very smart, at popular prices, $3.95,
$7.50, $3.50, $10.00, $12.50, and up to $37.50.
Just a look at these pretty blouses, will convince
you we are showing the season's newest creations.
See them on display in our blouse section, second floor
Extra Special for Tuesday Selling
In Our Blouse Section
At 98c
A pretty line of Sheer Voile and fancy Striped Batiste Blouse.
With collars and cuffs trimmed in fine lace, with touches of hand
embroidery, and some, aid plain tailored. A dainty assortment
to pick from and each one a real value. All sizes, 36 to 46.
. Blouse Section, Second Floor
Separate Skirts for Fall
We are showing a complete line of pretty plaids and stripes,
in materials of silk and wool, also showing silk and wool skirts in
plain colors and most correct styles. Prices starting at $10.00,
$12.50, $15.00, $16.50 and up to $25.00. Second floor.
Pumps and Oxfords
For early fall wear we are showin g a complete line of the season's new
est and most correct styles in Patents a nd Plain Kids colors of tan, rubber
grey, champagne, brown, white and black, with high French heels, Cuban heels
and low heels. Each shoe is master-made by skillful shoemakers. For style,
comfort and wear they can not be beat. Prices $5.00, $5.50, $6.00, $6.50,
$7.00 and $7.50, in all sizes and widths.
We also call your invited attention to several new numbers in high shoes for
fall, in plain kid and
and with cloth tops.
And the prevailing
shades of rubber
grey, tan, brown and
black. See them on
display in window.
Pick out your style
and come and be fit
ted into a new pair of
fall shoes. Prices,
$6.50, $7.00 and
$7.50. Main floor,
Shoe Section.
-
i Iff ' I
You will see for yourself one of the largest and m ost complete lines of FALL SUITS ever shown in
your city in allthe popular shades and materials, made up on both extreme and conservative lines, with
all the latest effects. Some are loose fitting and others are medium, with straight lines, strictly Tailored,
others Fancy. Made and designed by the world's most renowned tailors, you will find each suit a beauty
and right up to the minute in style and workmanship. See these beautiful models on display Thursday in
our ready to wear section, second floor.
Prices, $25.00, $27.50 $3 5.00, $37.50, $45.00, $50.00
New Fall Dresses Now Ready for Your Approval
In our store you will find an overflowing assortment of beautiful DRESSES. Any kind of a dress you
are looking for, in materials of Satin and Silks and the prevailing shades of the season. With pretty trim
mings of fringe, beads, braids and buttons, while others are hand embroidered effects, thus making each
garment very stunning and graceful. Prices starting at $18.50, $22.50, $25.00, $30.00 and up to $65.00.
Also are featuring for early fall new WOOL JE RSEY DRESSES. Just the proper dress for now, and
also the ideal dress for traveling. We have them in all colors, both plain and fancy effects. They're very
beautifully styled and at prices to suit all.
$20.00, $25.00 $27 .50, $32.50 and $35.00
'-i
New Fall Millinery
Dame Fashion hag put nothing aside in
the making of smart styles for this season.
We take the pleasure of showing you the
biggest line ever, of the most elaborate
styles designed by original millinery creat
ors of the most popular New York creations.
Each express brings us a big shipment of
beautiful Millinery, thus making it very
easy to select your hat this fall we have
them in large, medium and small shapes and
also many smart close fitting tailored street
hats. They're made up in materials of
ranne Velvets, V'elours and Beavers also
combipations of Beaver and fVelvet crowns
of every contracting colors that will match
any dress, suit or coat. They're trimmed
with tailored bands of Gros Grain Ribbon
some with Ostrich Tips which are being
used very much this season on more dres
sery models.
Come in Tuesday and make an early
selection, it will pay you to do so.
Prices, $4.95, $8.00, $S.50, $7.50, $8.50,
$10.00 and $12.50.
Second floor Millinery Section.
Pretty New Veils
For Autumn wear will be In
great evidence on many of the
small and medium size hats we
arc featuring a very beautiful
assortment to select from at
75 cents, $1.50 and up to $5.00
in all colors.
See them on
display In our mil
linery section on
the second floor.
Special Showing of
Ladies' and Misses' New Fall Sweaters
A dandy line of all wool Shetland and zephyr yarn sweaters. In slip
over and coat styles with beautiful rich combination of colors, and made
up with large contrasting collars, cu f f s and pockets of angora, while oth
ers are pretty knit of the same weave, some are slipovers and sleeveless,
while others have sleeves. In the predominating colors of the season.
Rose, Coral, Kelly, Navy, Buff, Grey, Maize, Turquoise, China Blue,
Furpls and Pink.
See them on display Tuesday on second floor. Prices, $4.95, $7.50
$8.50, $10.00, $12.50, and up to $25.00.
WE CLOSE ALL DAY TOMORROW, LABOR DAY, OPEN TUES-
1 DAY MORNING.
X F
mmmi
"In
i ,
V 1
1 A
La Camille Corsets
Madam, have
tV. V.Nvv
Corset problem
a deep thought
and are you
right sure you
are wearing the
best Corset
adopted for your
figure? It is a
problem that ev
ery woman
should atend to
both for one's
health and ap
pearence by
wearing the
proper Corset
adopted for you.
We are featur
ing the La Ca
mille Corset as
we have found
them to be the
best corset made and the proper corset to wear
Made front lace only, and ventilated back, of the
very best materials, piain and brocaded. If you value
your health and beauty you can not overlook this
one big problem. Come in Tuesday and talk it
over with our expert Corsetiere and be fitted in a
La Camille Model, best adopted for your figure at
popular prices from $3.50 and up to $7.50.
rfi ik ',' !
1 :i ; f, ' ' '
.';-
Still another item NEW SERGE DRESSES made up in many beautiful styles and trimmings, some are
tunic effects. In colors of navy, brown, wine and b lack. Prices run from $20.00, $22.50, $27.50 and up
to $35.00.
In Our Dress Goods Section
W eare showing a big line NEW TOILS for fall
in the rich shades cf turquoise blue, maize, pink,
olive green, black and whit'. For making up party
and evening dresses. Twcnty-atvcn inches wide,
at $1.75 yard.
New Crede de Chines in pop ii:.r :hades of Ros
Blue, Maize, Navy, Brown, Tan. F ink. Green, Black
and white. Forty inches '.vide, ; . ? 1 .65 to $2.00 yd.
Also new shades of Charm c use. Forty inches
wide, at $2.50 and $3.CG yard.
FOURTH OF JULY IN
PARIS AIM TO BE
SHOWNHERE SOON
RED CROSS BENEFIT TO TAKE
PLACE IN BISBEE SEPTEMBER 3
BUT NAME, OF THEATER AT
WHICH IT WILL APPEAR NOT
YET WADE PUBLIC
The American Red Cross society,
through the General Film company,
bas booked fur appearance in Bi.;bee,
September 5. the picmriration of the
"Historic Fourth, of July in Paris.
1913." Th name of the theater u:
w hich it will appear has not jet been
announced. In fict, for some unknown
reason, a rule laid down by the head
quarters at Washington, Is that the
name of the theater should not be
mentioned in any publicity matter put
out by the Red Cross. This is one rule,
however, that the Review will take
pleasure in violating, so worthy is the
I object, ence the booking: has been an-
, uounced.
Everyene has read in current publi
cations of the manner in which the
French Joined the Americans in cele-
! orating their ntUlonal birthday. Those
attending tho show will see the scenes
las they transpired in the capital of
' Franre'just two months before, almost
i to a day.
Here is a chance for everyone to gee
the picture and at the same time help
the Red Cross. Few will miss the op-
jpoitunity, we fepl certain.
A.'- Th' new cuiu'eiitratin; plant
t'::o ? t'V i uineli will turn out
SO.Ot'0.000 I'ouuds (f ccrP'sr annually.
Marriage License j
Record Broken
Nevarrez. to wed Maria Grijalva, Para
dise; Miguel Mat7, to wed Fclecita
Famos. Lowell: Manuel Guerra, to
wed Mariana Valenzuela, Lowell; Rb-j
ert E. Gu in m. Ft. Huachuca, to wed :
Armelia B. Murphy, Columbus, Ga.; :
That th record for the issuance of Yaabel Corona, to wed Victoria Esco-j
marriage licenses in Cochise county bosa, Douglas; Robert A. Renfrew, to'
has been broken during the month of ' wed Mary E. Alexander, fiisbee; Msau-j
August was shown on examination of 1 ro L. Garcra. to wed Mercedes Avilrs.j
the marriage record in th. offici! of Douglas; Samuel T. Williams, to wed I
Clerk J. E. James of the superior . Amelia Coprland, Douglas; Fr-d Mel-
court. During the month cluing i ton. to wed Mary Ella Devitt. Douglas :
Deputies Shot
By Mexicans
with today an even ninety-eight mar
riage licenses have been issued by
Cupid Jos. Ivey, who hands out the
bliss tickets and with the tiling of the
ninety-eighth license this afternoon
the record which heretofore stood at
ninety-three had been hroken. In many
cases the licenses have been secured
by soldiers, and most of the other
cases the men are leaving for the
army. The following were issued (lur
ing the week:
Vincent Scolio. Ft. Si!!. Ok:a
wed Fannie Watson. Douglas
Harry Rothesay, to wed Mary Evelyn
Wilson. Hishee; Augustine Yeary, to
wed Zucie F. Cotton, Elgin; Isaac L.
Moore, Ft. Hunchtica. to wed Mattie
Welch.' Hlshee; Komulo Leyvas to
wed FrancisK Soto. Hisbee; Juan Al
vallo, to wed Porfira Tagamante, Hisbee.
Jerome Ccod proaress is bein
made on the Calumet Jerome, in
th" diamond dilllinc. Thre holes are
to bt'.nsj drilled, the deepest ot which is
Jules i down about 300 leet.
County Eneinecr Harker returned
yr-,tcrda from a trip to the northern
rar: of the cont.ty, where lie liRd bee;:
on hiisiness (ciinected with the roads
In that section. He visited Dosca-
bcias, Wilcox and San Simon. He
hrouaht back word of a shooting
scrape that occurred at San Simon
last Thursday between two otfieers
from New Mexico and two Mexican
roct'eggcrs.
It seems that the Mexicans went i
into Stein's on Wednesday night and j
purchased tour cases of whisky and i
1 en managed to -teal two more. The'
theft was discovered the next morn-'
and H-rt Daniels and GeorKe Whit-!
lev !c-u to try and follow up the Mex
icans. Tbty trailed them for fouie dis
tance and then lost the trail. They
I had started back toward Stein's alons
I tho railroad track when they were ,
J opened up on by the Mexicans. Mert 1
Laniels was siiot through the right
i arm and the rUht leg. and George
i Whitley was shot through the left lea.
The men managed to Ke.t away and stop j
a passing auto and were taken to San
I Simon, where there wound were !
I d!' sseil.
j Otficeis iroi.i San Simon and Stci'is '
Iwfre soon out and took the frail ot I
the Mexicans, and after several hours' j
I search succeeded in capturing them i
I after firing a number of shots in their!
direction.
As the uflair took place tn New !
Mexico the cases w ill te handled in i
'hat state. I
HOLLYWOOD SCHOOL
OPENING IN REVIEW
Prescott: The Imwya Pileta Miiiiotr
company held a meeting of stockhc1'!
ers It was decided to organize i new
company, transfer the property and
issue, stock cf the new company for nl!
llie ktock now held whuh was issued
by the old compauy.
t : .ci,-; V i.ii:e of The Review will
le f -'.ind the fa!! opening announce
ment if flic i:i ilvcod Sc'iool for GirK
one c: t lie In ,;t educational institutions
in California.
During the past year this Bchoo! has
been "accredited'' to the state I'ni vers
ify so that graduates may enter tt
latter school cn certificate without ex
amination. In three years the Holn
wood school has grown from an insti
tution wilh twenty five pupils to one
with over a hundred.
. Located at Hollywood, halt wav bt
twen l.os Angeles and rile sej shore,
it is ideally situated, wiih the ni.nin
Uius clots bv T'ae till term will
commence September 13, 13;S t
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 1, 1918.
THREE
American Artilleryman
Given Autograph Letter
From British Monarch
Mrs. Harry E. Noel of iBsbee, is the
proud possessor of a copy of that
famous autograph letter of King
George of England, sent to each mem
ber of the American field artillery,
now stationed in England. And yet
it is to be doubted if the king's kind
ly greeting to the American boy is
treasured as highly by Mrs. Noel as
the note written on the back of it by
Claude Noel before he forwarded it
to the old home back in Bisbee.
I Claude lar.edd safely and declared
that the first Thing he received in
j England was the king's message.
i Claude urges friends and kin to write
to him. declaring that a letter from
home is the finest thing to cheer a
soldier's heart.
, Fac simila of letter sent by King
George of England to the American
soldiers landed in Britain. It was for-
i warded to Bisbee by Claude Noel:
ill
WINDSOR CASTLE.
SidU. UzX Sj&ztr
Le4 tv, Vcaxu '
'ft
U. S. War Correspondent Hero
Praises, Fighting of Americans
Floyd Gibbons, American war corre
spondent, has arived back home, hon
ored by the French government. Gib
bons lost the sight of his left eye when
he went to the aid of Major John Porry
when he went over the top with Bar
ry and Barry's command at Belleau
wood, near Chateau-Thierry, July 16.
General Foch sent him a personal mes
sage praising his conduct, but Gibbons
had left for America before the croix
de guerre was awarded him, so was
not aware of this honor until after he
reached America.
Foch's word to Gibbons also sold: ,
"The American army has proved Its
real worth and in vigor. It has con
tributed largely to our successes."
Gibbons will tour the United States
to tell the home folk about our boys
abroad.
"Don't get the idea that it's an easy
job over there. We'll win eventually,
but not with one hand tied behind the
back. We'll have to throw every iota
of man power and every atom of me
chanical strength into the allied of
fensive," says Gibbons.
Gibbons tells an Interesting story of
how the friction existing between the
New York Sixty-ninth and the Ala
bama regiment at Camp Mills. Mine
ola. has increased in France, with the
result that these units, brigaded to
gether in the Forty-second (Rainbow)
division, would rather fight each other
than anybody in the world except the
Germans. In fighting the Germans
they bury their grudge and unite in
rival onslaughts against the enemy.
Won't Recognize Order
"In the recent fighting a French
general ordered the Americans in a
certain locality to yield their ground
to the enemy," said Gibbons on his ar
rivaL "These Americans happened to
be the Irishmen of New York and the
Alabama soldiers. They wouldn't back
an Inch, though the French general's
purpose was to withdraw them to a
main line to be established four kilo
meters to the rear. They held the po
sition three days despite heavy losses,
and to the despair of the French com
mander, whose plan of defense had
been upset . He remarked to a mem
ber of his stall. I suppose we'll have
to fight this war the way the privates
want to fight it.'
"The American soldier has met the
German and has his number. He can
lick the Boche every time. Cut that
is not licking the German military ma
chine," says Gibbons. "The war Isn't
half won yet. We've got to strike,
when the big allied offensive comes
next spring, with every piece of me
chanical device we can make by that
time, with a super-abundance of tanks,
for tanks protect lives of men who go
' forward against machine guns."
American Surprise Allies
Declaring the American troops have
amazed their French and British com
rades with their great enthusiasm.
Gibbons continued: "The French and
Eritish had the same enthusiasm at
first. But after four years of war it
has become a dirty, dying, bloody busi
ness, and they have slowed up, as has
the Boche for the same reason.
"But to the American soldier it Is
his gTeot adventure. He is full of
pep and eager to do battle. He is
ready to go forward to clemn up any
thing and anybody. When an Ameri
can unit happens to be flanked by
British and French, the British and
French have. hard work. keeping pace
with the Americans. The part played
by the Americans at the second battle
of the Marne was a tremendous factor.
Their terrific dash opened the eyes of
the French and British."
. . v
vx -' -'.A 1
i-x . ....... , . r .- ' r
')) x
FJ.iyd Gibbons.
YAQUl REVOLT
' IS ADMITTED BY
GENERAL CALLES
(Continued from Page On.)
Sonora. tonight General Calles made
the following statement to the Associ
ated Press regarding the recent trou
ble on the border here:
"There Is no bad feeling between
Mexico and the I'nlted States, but
there is bad feeling between the cus
toms guards and this was respons
ible for all the trouble Tuesday.
"No German agents bad anv pa'i
in the affair, but I do believe that it
wa3 caused benemies of the Mexican
government in the Tnlted States, and
in proof of this, two men were seen
to flee to the American side after the
shooting Wednesday night.
I came to the border at the order
of President Carranza to stop the trou
ble and 1 brought 2000 troops with me,
including three battalions oi iuiiu.d.
The result is to be yeen tonight, for
everything is quiet and peaceable
here, is it not?"
General Calles also denied that cus
nffi, inl xpiv resiion.sible for the
shooting Tuesday and said that Judgt
. . i ....ibin.r Mil in- i
buivauor r.anuuiii man.-.o ---vestigation
with a view to li.xing the
responsibility.
REPORT REACHES BORDER
NOGALES. Ariz.. Aug. 31 Yaqui In
dians have revolted at Ortiz, Sonora,
and Culiacau, in the state of Sinaoloa.
Mexico. An American traveling man
arrived here today by auto from Tor
res and reported Sou Indians at Ortiz
on Monday iought an engagement
with the federal garrison at Torres
and had taken to the hills. This -was
officially confirmed today.
Three hundred Yaquis of another
command near Culiacan were al.o re
ported to have revolted on the same
day and attempted to loot the city,
but were driven off.
The Altar district of Sonora, where
a small Yaqui force is stationed has
been placed under martial law and an
outbreak is feared there.
The Yaquis have been returning to
Sonora through this port for the past
month from farms and mines in the
United States and are reported to have
joined the revolt. At the fight near
Torres Monday, six Yaquis were kill
ed and the passenger train wrecked.
This was confirmed by Hermosillo pa
pers received here tonight.
Reports persist here that tne l aquis
under Chief Matos will join the new ;
revolution led by Juan G. Cabral and j
Julian Medina, who are said to be in
the Ajo mountains south of the border !
with a force of men. These reports
have been denied by Mexican officials
i,Q i la Dctitmntpd that 90 ner cent
of the Sonora federal troops are Yaqui
Indians.
nan Alvarn Obreeon. former mini
ster of the war in th Carranza cabinet
and commander of the constitutional
ist armies, composed largely of Yaqui
Indians, arrived here today from Los
Angeles, but denied his trip had any
nolitical significance. He is living in
Nogales, Sonora.
While the Yaqui revolt nas no uireci
connection with the shooting here
Tuesday, it became known here to
night that Gen. P. Ellas Calles held his
political enemies responsible lor the
trouble.
The board of army officers complet
ed its investigation here late today
but the findings were not made pub
lic.
However, it is understood, no new
tvnta vers lpvp!frhed excent that the
Mexican casualties were much heavier
than rpnnrted bv Mexican consul
7.ertnohe to Washineton. A
wounded Mexican died In Nogales, So
nora, today, maKing ine loiai aiexjcan
dead fourteen and tne wounded fif
teen, according to Mexican official
count.
railroading and shi:buiU!iriz alt pur
suit aio c.'ld to te non-essential if
net connected actively with ar work,
it is the province of t,le community
Loard to say which are the least es
sential. The board has been lenient
and scheduled only a few businesses
to start, but this list will be addtd to
from time to time until Cochise coun
ty's allotment of 52a workers lias been
secured, If there is no other way to
do it.
'! "iade c peisjr.r.l investlsatlo-: or
r.o: -i sseiitial in lrst'-i - included in tlie
15st is-ued by the community board
tcday. I found that right here in Bis
bee there are lots of men in non-essential
pursuits capable of taking up war
work. If they will do their patriotic
1'ity th! county shoult be ub'm to meet
its quota without trouble."
Mr. Doane said he had made ar
laiiKements for a man to be at Mr.
FiencYa place of business all day to
register men or expiain the situation
to them.
It was learned yesterday from R.
J. Wiibert, member of the Eisbee
Doufilas community board, represent
tiiii labor, that any industry or busi
ness thinking it has been dealt with
unfaiily, can appeal to the community
beard at its next sitting. However,
such appeal must be made to the
board as a whole.
X!r. Wiibert has made arrangemnets
for L. M. Purcell to be at union hall
on O. K. street to register men each
evening from 5 to 7:30 o'cl.ick each
day, whi!e he, Wiibert, will be on
hand each day from 12 to 2:30 p. m.
! Mr. Doane will spend part of today
in Tc inb: tone, lemming here this
: evening. It is probable be w ill be i"
j Hi.-.Lee several days.
ALL MEN OF 18 TO
45 TO BE INCLUDED
(Continued from Page On)
and nien who expect to be absent from
their homes may register by mail,
sufficiently in advance that the regis
tration record reaches the board by
September 12. If a man has no perma
nent residence he is to register st the
place he is on September 12 and those
out of the country on that d'iy ::re re
quired to enroll within five days after
their return.
Although the "work -irfishf' clause
which would have affected s'riking
workmen was taken out of the bill
before parage yesterday. Provost
Marshal General V'rowder has ljhn-ned
to apply vigorously7 existing regula
tions relating to idle men or those en
gaged in non-'-ssential employment to
the newly registered men.
After citing the law and stating the
regulations tor registration the presi
dent's proclamation reads as follows:
"Fifteen months ago the men of
the country from 21 to30 years of age
were registered. Three months ago
and again this month those who had
Just reached the age of 21 were added.
It now remains to include all men be
tween the ages of 18 and 45.
"This is not a new policy. A century
and a quarter ago it was deliberately
ordained by those who were then re- upon honorable records in civil and in
sponsible for the safety and defense of dusfrial life, they will realize as per
the nation tiiat the duly of military haps no others could, how entirely
service should rest upon all able their own fortunes and the fortunes of
bodied men between the ages of IS all whom they love are put at stake
and 45. We now accept and fulfill the, in this war for right and will now
obligation which they established, an , that the very records they have made
obligation expressed in our national render this new duty the commanding
statutes from that time until now. We ' duty of their lives. They know how
solemnly purpose a decisive victory surely this is the nation's war, how
of arms and deliberately to devote the 1 imperatively it demands the mobiliza
larcrr nart of the military man cower tion and massing cf all our resources
: of tiin nation to the accomplishment of every kind. They will regard this
of that parpose. : vail as the supreme call ct their day
j ' Tiie younger men have from the , al wiil.atiswer it according
1 first been ready to go. They have fur- "Only a portion of those who regi
' rishej voluntary enlistments out of sfer will be calied upon to bear arms.
. all proportions to tbeir numbers. Our , Those who are not physically fit w ill
military authorities regard them a ' be excused; those exempted by alieu
, havii.g the highest combatant quali-; allegia-'.ce. those w ho should not be
tien. Tluir youihi u! enthusiasm, theii ; relieved of their present responsibili
viril" pagemcv-'s, their gallant spirits ties; above all. those who cannot be
cf dating i.;ake them the admiration j spared from the civil and industrial
of all who see th in in action. They i tasks at home upon which the success
covet not only the distinction of serv-of our armies depends as much as
ing in this great war but also ihe in-: upon the fighting at the front. But
spiring memories w hich hundreds of ell must be registered in order that
thousands of them w ill cherish ! the selection far military service may
i through the .years to come, of a great ; be made intelligently and with full in
day and a great service for their coun- formation. This will be our final dem
1 try and Tcr mankind. onstration of loyalty, democracy and
i "I!y the men oi the older group now 1 the will to win our solemn notice to
called upon, the opportunity now op- j the world that we stand absolutely ti
entd to them will be accepted withjgether in a common resolution and
the calm resolution of those who real- purpose. It is the call to duty to whi h
Ize to the full the deep and solemn sig-j every true man In the country will
nificar.ee of what they do. Having j respond with pride and with the con
made a place for themselves in their i sciousness that in doing so he plays
respective communities, having assum-lhis part in vindication of a great cause
ed at home the graver responsibilities j at whose summons everytrue heart
of life in many spheres, looking back; offers its supreme service."
r
YANKS HOLD ON
REGARDLESS OF
HEAVY SHELLING
(Continued from Page On)
FRANCE, Aug. 31, (By the Associated
Press.) The enactment of the new
American man power measure.
brought expressions of satisfaction
from the American army.
The high command is interested in
the moral effect the measure will have
upon the enemy. His man power now
is concededly at its weakest and his
replacement sources limited. Military
authorities count upon a reaction in
the morale in Germany as a strong
factor in the winter situation.
It may be said that from the com
mander in chief to the rank and file,
everyone is encouraged by the act. '
ROOSEVELT TO SPEAK.
fSpeclal to Tha Review?
NEWBURGH. N. . Aug. 31. Col.
Theodore Roosevelt will be the princi
pal speaker here on Labor day at the
launching of the first ocean-going
cargo carrier ever built on the Hudson
river.
WILL SAVE GAS
fTlv Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, Aug. 31. From
each of the states east of the Missis
sippi assurances have been received.
the fuel administration announced to
night, that the request for conserva
tion of gasoline on Sundays through
elimination of pleasure riding in auto
mobiles wyi be respected tomorrow,
the first day covered by the request.
Taxlcab services in a number of
cities have agreed to use their auto
mobiles only for trips of necessity.
WORK OR FIGHT
APPLIES THOUGH
FAILED TO PASS
(Continued on Page Three)
ship yard, yet the outpouring of local
men was not nearly as great as bad '
been hoped or expected by II. L. '
Doane, examiner for tne department
of labor in the southeastern section
of Arizona, who now is here. .
"A number of men were out to reg
ister, but not as many as we had the
right to expect," said Mr. Doane. "I
have been informed that some men
are lying back In the belief that they
are secure, as the 'work or fight
amendment failed to be passed by
congress. They are badly mistaken.
The power rests with the county
board to close up the non-essential
businesses, if necessary to get men
for essential war work. But the board
members do not believe this will be
necessary. They want o disrupt busi
ness as little as possible. They have
the power If they care to exercise it.
"Again it may be that many men
do not appreciate the urgent necessity
of war work recruiting. Neither do
thev understand that aside from four
basic industries mining, farming,
Every time a man changes jobs
the country may , lose
(in money value)
5 Rifles
or 1,000 Cartridges
or 10 E L Shells
or 10 pair Shoes
or 8 Uniforms .
or 50 Hand Grenades
T is loss that can never be made up: For it re
. presents time lost in a man's moving, if he goes
to another city. It represents time lost in breaking
the man on his new job. It represents time lost in
finding a man for the job left open and in training him. It repre
sents idle time for a machine. It makes a gap in the steady flow of
supplies that the boys in France must have to thrash the Kaiser.
On the average it costs from. $20 to $200 for every man who
changes his job.
' When you need more men, don't let this loss fall on the plant
that is engaged in essential war work. Let the Government find
men for you men who are not engaged on essential war work.
It is for this purpose that the United States Employment Service
has been organized, with 500 branch offices through the country
and 20,000 U. S. Public Service Reserve agents to find men for
manufacturers who need them.
Write the Director General at Washington
United (S) States
U&Bcpt of Later, WBWilcriS
V
This advertisement prepared for ust
of th DeJrtment cf Labor
AMI Jnlj
by the Division of Advertising if I
CrttmuHet on Public Information.
Contributed for the Winning of the War by
"2
M.
Bisbee Improvement Company
Buxton-Smith Co. Hood & Bledsoe
i
J FOUR
PUBLISHED EVERY DAY EXCEPT 'MONDAY BY THE
STATE CONSOLIDATED PUBLISHING COMPANY.
I
CULLEN A. CAIN Editor and Ce::cral Manager j
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
jThe associated Tress is exclusively entitled to the use
fqr republication of all r.ews dispatches credited to it or
not tir.ervise credited to this paper and also the local
news published herein.
All rights of republication of special dispatches herein
-are also reserved.
Entered as Second Class Mail Matter at Bisbee,' Arizona,
Under Act of March 8, 1379.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES, PAYABLE IN ADVANCE:
Per Montn ' ''5
Three Months 2.25
Six Months : 7 4.00
Twelve Months - 7-6
Sunday (Our Weekly) per year 2.50
Sunday (Our Weekly) per uuarter -5
No Subscription Taken for Less Than 75 Cents
ressure.
Foch!
Constant, unceasing, unend
ing pressure! That has been Foch's strat
egy against the German for six solid weeks
with never a let up for a single day. It was
pressure that wiped out the Marne salient.
It is presure that is wiping out the Amiens
salient. It is pressure that is breaking the
Hindenburg line just above the Queant
switch northeast of Arras. Foch has used
no great bodies of men and, save far the
first attack on the left leg of the Mamt
salient and the first dash against the Amiens
salient, both surprises, ne rics employed no
strategy but his cold, calculating, craft,
relent'ess pressure. He drives t' e German
back to a last ditch stand, and then when
Fritz is all set with his masses of machine
guns and his mortars and his men, Foch
slips around to the right and around to 'he
left and flanks him and then pinches out
that strong position with but little cost.
Twenty times has he won such local victor
ies in the past six weks. Where will it
all end? No one has the slightest inkling
as to Foch's real purpose. He may strike
a great blow tomorrow and he may just
merely keep up the pressure until fall.
No such master strategy has been dis
played in the entire war. The Germans
are dazed and dazzled and dumfounded by
these lightning strokes and this sliding and
slipping around the ends and this 'shift of
battle front and this uncertain, unknown,
uncanny menace that hangs over their
cracking line every day. And through it
all ; through six weeks of uninterrupted vic
tor', with the entire world raving about his
success and proclaiming his geniu3, there
is never a word from Ferdinand Foch. Sil-.'
ent, serene, inscrutable, he sits behind his
board and moves the pawns in this mighty
chess game with the world as a stake.
His deep set eye never glitters and his
immobile face never changes and his delib
erate movement never varies and his in
trospective glance is neither glad nor sad.
Immutable he sits, a man more apt to move
the world than to be moved by the world.
Asked a thousand questions by eager and
worshipful correspondents, he merely re
plied that "all is going well." Pressed for
something further he said: "We have be
gun our action and shall continue." Asked
about his glorious French troops he uttered
this simple masterpiece of praise : "You can
say what you like about them; whatever
you say will never be too much."
Study these brief, hard, dry, pointed
phrases. They say everything that could
be said and yet they say nothing. Disap
pointing to the thoughtless seeking for
sounding periods and sonorous exclama
tions, but to the German staff they will
sound as mysterious and as terrible and as
menacing as the trumpets John heard on
the isle of Patmos just before the angel
opened the seven vials of wrath.
Do you remember Napoleon's florid, fer
vent, fluent phrases of victory? How he
electrified his army with those daily bul
letins. All great French leaders have used
them. Most leaders of all time and all na
tions have indulged . in paens of victory.
But here is a new school, and in France
and taught by a Frenchman, of all nation
alities ! We used to smile a little at the ef
fervesence and effulgence of those gallant,
loquacious, debonaire Frenchmen. But now
we bow in wonder and in awe before this
silent, singular, supreme Frenchman who
has changed the fate of the world's great
est battle line in a day and who has baffled
and beaten the entire German staff and who
neither smiles nor frowns nor speaks in the
full flush of the "rainbow gleam of victory
that arches the clouds of the world war to
day. At last a MAN has appeared in this war.
Many have been called by all the warring
nations but none has been chosen. They
come with millions of men and, thousands
of guns and they hold the stage of the war
for a single campaign and then they either
break under the strain or they fall short of
the supreme and disappear.
But this Basque from the south of
Franco, this stocky, silent, masterful man
with the deep lined face and the logician's
brain and the soldier's heart and the mind
supreme over all ! He was destined by fate
for his great task. Else why was he chosen
to be removed from his beloved Basque
mountains to the lost province of Alsace
and there learn the deep hatred and fierce,
bitter, undying resentment against all
things Prussian, that only the people of a
conquered province can know? Why was
he selected to teach strategy in the French
military schools, this man with a flame in
his blood and the daring of the man of ac
tion in his soul? And then, after years of
logic and analysis and thought and study as
a mentor, he is called to lead a division, an
army in the greatest war of all. A Murat
and a Massena in one. A Custer and a Sher
man. A brain of ice to conceive and a heart
of fire to carry out. .For three years did he
serve a3 an under chieftain all along the bat
tle line from Verdun to Ypres. And then
when he had grown to his full stature and
ripened to his full greatness and secured
the complete mastery over all his emotions,
he was chosen to lead the all and all in the
supreme struggle between two civiliza
tions. ',
And this is Ferdinand Foch. Study him
yourself. Hi3 whole character shines in
that sentence with which he described his
poilu, the men wh6 won for him his glory.
"You may say whatever you like about
them; whatever you say will never be too
much." Do you think he should have said
more ? Stop and think a minute. COULD
rre have' said more? These simple words
are the acme and zenith of human praise.
Their great earnestness and their depth and
directness make them immortal. Do they
remind you of the simple sentences of Lin
coln when he undertook to pay tribute to
the Union soldiers who had died at Gettys
burg? Foch, the soldier, strategist, patriot,
sphinx and man of destiny, revealed his
character, his heart and his soul when he
spoke of his children of that flaming bat
tle line.
Poet's Corner
ONE RAINY DAY
(W. H. rtajdall. Warren, Ariz.)
The. Landis Sentence
, "The mills of the gods grind slowly
But they grind exceeding fine."
It was the mill of the U. S. government,
and not the gods, that ground so fine in the
case of the upstart I. W. W. leaders sen
tenced Friday in Chicago to twenty and ten
year terms in federal prison. The I. W. W.
had a long leash of crime and outrage and
a most patient government to offend, but
in the end the mill started grinding and only
powder emerged from cogs and cams.
Judge Landis stern sentence upon these
wild, proud men, marks the end of wobbly
ism and lawlessness on any large or orga
nized scale in the great industrial fields and
centers of the west.
The leaders were marked for especial
punishment. With unerring instinct the
government selected them to pay, knowing
full well that their misguided followers
would soon collapse from sheer terror at the
fate of their chiefs.
Judge and jury did a clean cut, thorough
job in Chicago. They gave the wobblies a
fair and long trial. The verdict is backed
by public sentiment the country over. The
friends and sympathizers of these men may
well hide and tremble. Among them are
many wild eyed anarchists and brainstorm
socialists and f eanut politicians and the
small fry of mere thugs and terrorists and
soapbox orators and discontented, improvi
dent, restless, homeless, reckless men, scat
tered over the mining camps and factory
centers and state capitals of the western
states. The Landis sentence will come to
them with the same effect as a mustard ga3
shell. It will stop for a time at least their
pernicious activity and their aid and sympa
thy expressed by word of mouth and public
prints to encourage unrest and class hatred
and feud and even violence in this and other
states where the wobbly held forth with
more or less power and influence in days
gone by.
No better man in the country could have
been found than Judge Landis, before
whom to try this case. Fearless, forceful
and firm, he won fame by his Standard
Oil fine. The wildest wobbly of them all
can hardly call him the friend of capital
and the enemy of the poor.
Landis1 sentence wa3 the storming party
that destroyed the I. W. W. citadel. The
"mopping up" process will neither be hard
or long sustained. The skulkers and, snipers
and shouters will be gathered in their turn
and compelled to support instead of tear
down society and industry, at least during
the period of the war.
Arizona nolitirs and industrv will mark
.i 1 j r ,i i j j Of inspiration. Will they come
new iuccus ana new progress iruin ins ujiiuis : again?
sentence I ' i
t jScme cf them will, although it be with
I scars.
Jtos;:n,e ftriqsit liht -within their
jevc'cd eyes;
Seme of t'uia r.iU not, and eternal
stars
Will tell the story of their sacrifice.
I like to sit. and listen.
And my eyes are all agliten
when the rain
Beats on the roof and rafter
It sounds to me like laughter
At the pane.
It takes me back in fancy
To the day when witii my Nancy
Sitting near;
Shall I tell It to you mister
Ho 1 just sloped down and
ki.-;ed he;-.
Pretty iiea.
How I tcok within my arms
All litr young endearing charms.
Then I said:
"Xanoy dear, you know I love you
True as heaven is above you,
Wiil yoi wed?"
Siu r-fti;!: "I know I'm silly.
But I truly love you Willie;
Looking down.
Why, you horrid bear,
Ycu have mussed ail up my hair
And my gown."
Thus we plighted trot'i together
In a day of rainy weather
Long ago;
The rain it kept a spraying,
It seemed that it was saying,
"Yes, I know."
For year we've lived together
We've seen all kinds of weather.
But it's plain.
There is nothing draws us nearer
Makes us love each other dearer
Than the ja.'n
As it dances and it prances
At tht- pane.
THE VISION;
1 1 have teLeid no v Ll(;;i"iike to this
Liuo upju ii:i the surge of march.
j iu.se wen,
il'pn tlui: UUod browj the chrismul
kiss
Too bad about Grover Perry, one of the
I. W. W. defendants at Chicago. Judge
Landis sentenced him to ten years in prison
and added a fine of ten thousand dollars
for good measure. Very inconsiderate of
the jude. Doubtless he knew nothing of
the close friendship between Perry and our
own Governor Hunt. If he had been shown
that kodak picture of Perry and Hunt in
close embrace he might have been moved
to mercy, just to save the feelings cf the
distinguished Arizona friend of the profes
sional agitator and enemy of the U. S. government.
Vnt I have seen them, splendid, virile,
j strong;
Yea. I have seen them while my
cheeks grew wet,
And though Tin ve.tr. the uncertain
. years. be long.
Oner h.ivng seen theiu. I shall not
forge'!
i t Cliatoa Scollaj-J
I
The primary election returns from Mis
sissipi upon the, defeat of Senator Varda
man, one of the wilfull senators whose pro
German prejudices defied public opinion at
the outbreak of the war, make interesting
reading and are worthy of contemplation
at this time. They show that Vardaman
was defeated in his home county by a vote
of 1 000 to 1 82. In Vadaman's own ward
he was beaten by his opponent 1 2 1 to 88.
Kin T.iap Tin! shaft of the Moss
baci in do.vn :! fiet and ores that
: v in $!0i) i" sold a ton have been en
1 corntered. The vein is immense and
I the .haft is bi !ng c arried down as
I (st a? ji3--'ible and no drifting or
cross cuts are being run until the 500
-1 ..; reached.
J? m i iS, K lilliil " r ?;l
LB' If; ' : JmtlfkWkk . : Wf
f.zA In jv. -f --Kv 'V vKP;si'lf'J!-y-hi-'-'Vtr-, -' just' y . - - ... . tv4Vifl fi .'-. X h . -v. ,-,-v- v;-'..--i-i-.' ;. ..r--'; ,-, . - .-3
Kingman An option has been taken
0:1 the Tuckabo mine. An engine ad
air drills have been sent out to the
mines. ,
No.sa!ej The Huachnoa Tungsten
Mining company, which Is located
about eight miles from Cannile has
:art d operations.
Hdbrook Oil is appearing in great
er quantities in the Glanniaan well.
It will likely be a small producer.
' Mm I
;.tr.
0-
y..f
.3
r I . r.
i
a. r
"iKaVj
IS
: , f 1 r . -1
-1'
1 THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 1, 1918.
FIVE
A New
When one sees the dirty, sweaty andj
grimy group of men going into a mad-'
em chango house and .coming out!
clean, refreshed and respectable look
ing, he wonders that change houses;
were not instituted long before they j
were, and that their development has
not been ivuch more rapid. It was not i
so very long ago ihat a mining camp I
consisted largely of men going back j
and forth from work in their overalls !
and jumpers, black if the mine, cotfc-j
tained manganese, red if Iron were j
present and gray if there was a quartz !
angue. Now ihoy go to work with
WIT' ..V
7'-' ; :
! f-Mv
Shower Room and Change House, Copper Queen Branch, Bisbee, Arizona.
icllars sr.il rla ctoths. feeling and
locking as resectabTe as the bosses.
The first change houses were mere
shacks where the workmen could hang
his clothes; it was some time after
this that it was thought the workman
would appreciate a bath after his day's
work. Then came the idea that the
IK .. -;? i A
,y y--t it- u
11 i
Change House, Phelps Dodge Corp., Copper Queen Branch, Bisbee, Arizona.
working clothes might as well be left t galvanized iron, floor of concrete,
u a Hrv and 1 drained and base boards forming a con-
over night and hung up to dry, and ; of floor nn,sh thu8 pre.
from the rermemem 01 iue iuc ,
come the modem change house.
The change houses of yesterday
were probably the most easily spot
ted house arotfnd a mine, because of
the unpleasant odor of wet clothing
and sweaty human bodies arising from :
RUSSIAN LEADER ASKS
FOR MORE ALLIED MEN
(Continued from Pate One)
the circumstances and demoralization
that it would be impossible to restore
our own army in a short space of
time without having the neuclua of a
disciplined force upon which we could
rely in case of necessity.
"Therefore we required screen in
in the shape of at least some allied
forces.
"We have some but we need to
move quickly and, therefore, we cer
tainly need immediately a number of
allied troops."
M. Tschaikovsky explained that
' the government does not rely exclus
ively on the troops of the allies. "We
have our own forces," he said. "In
the short space of a few diiys, with
' the aid of allies we recruited in Arch
aneel alone over a thousand men.
What we want is allied assistance and
with that we are confident of success.
We naturally expect American aid
We need soldiers, food and agriculture
machinery from America and if the
Japanese finally decide to come from
the east they are welcome, too. We
should like the Americans to come
with them."
Hi. pvniitinpri t.'iut the government
plans to extend its authority as its
troops progress, joining ail the ele
ments opposing fiermany. "We decid
ed to begin the government in the
north, because we felt the allies could
best held us there.
"As at present formed, our govern
ment includes the provinces of Arch
angel, Murman, Vologda, Vyatka and
the northern part of Novgorod. Per
haps Varosluv and Kostroma will join
us," M. Ts:haikoky continued. "The
idea was born at Moscow. We in
clude all groups except the extreme
left, and the mmiarc'ii.Kts. Siberia has
a similar government and soon our
groups will form regional governments
in central, eastern and southern Hus
tda. We are ready to Join in some sort
.f federal iun and then call a consti
tuent as.ciiiliiy.
"All the members of our government
were members of the former consti
tuent assembly, elected by the people.
We call eursi Ives a sovereign, instead
of provisional government because
believe in the nee d of firm authority.
We have no personal ambitions."
M. Tst haikovsky said he lelt the
Russian people were capable of a re
publiertn form of government, despite
the ffcneral illiteracy, and cited the
Rii'css of the villa;:'' government.
"The leaders cf our group, including
myself, were in constant danger of ar
rest and had many narrow escapes
Development in Change
the too long occupied lockers. W'ith
or.t a doubt this type of change house,
or the lack of any has been at least
partly responsible for many of the ill
nesses and epidemics of mining camps.
It does not take any stretch of the ixt
magination to see an eppidemic of
grippe caused by working all day in
a hot stope and then walking home
in a cool evening breeze, nor does
one have to be very far-seeing to see
a decreased efficiency of the workman
going to work in imperfectly dried
clothes, clothea. stiH wet ''with th1
sweat of yesterday.
'. i .5
m
: -
' :'.
Change houses representing the
most advanced ideas in equipment, in
sanitation, in ease of up keep and in
the encouragement of personal clean
liness, yet comparatively inexpensive
in construction, have been erected at
the Copper Queen branch of the Phelps
change house is built of corrugated
-
iv.
venting corners where dirt could ao
cumulate. Bench and locker supports
are of Improved sanitary construction,
entirely in steel, and again no dark
corners where dirt may be overlooked.
Dodge corporation at Bisbee, Ariz., and
as rapidly as possible all of the old
before the allies came to our aid,' he
said.
"I cut short my usually long beard
and remained in hiding. We raised
about six hundred soldiers with offi
cers and struck on the night of Aug
ust 1. The allies,' came the next
day."
M. Tschaikovsky was born in Vyatka
province in 1850. His father was a
land owner and he is a distant rela
tive of the composer of the same
name. As a student in Petrograd be
engaged in revolutionary propaganda.
i He fled to America where he lived
from 1875 to 1879 and then to England
where lie was a refugee for twenty
eight years. He returned to Russia
in 1907 and was arrested. He was
tried with Catherine Breshkovskaya,
"grandmother of the Russian revolu
tion and was acquitted. She was con
victed. M. Tschaikovsky later visited
America on a lecture tour. Since he
has been In Russia he has been di
recting co-operative societies, which
he believes will prove the real basis
of a new commercial Russia.
SEMENOFF IS ACTIVE
PEKIN", Thursday, August 29 (Reut
ers). General Semenoff, the anti-Bol-
! sheviki leader, yesterday captured
I Borzia station. The Bolshevik forces j
'urn retiring ulofiir ikn f In ni rivc.i- knpn.
' ing vilages apd destroying bridges.
JAPANESE OFFICIAL
TOKYO, Sunday, Aug. 25 (By the
Associated Press). Entente . allied
forces on the Ussuri front in Siberia
took the offensive against the Bolshe
vik! Red Guard at dawn on August
24 and drove the enemy to the north,
according to an allied official state
ment issued today by the Japanese
war office. The allies, following up
their advantage pushed forward to the
high ground north of Shimakofka and
launched another attack against the
enemy positions. Tho text of the state
ment reads:
"On August 22 the enemy-still re
mained on our front. His airplane
was observed in the afternoon. Other
v. Ise there was no change. The en
emy's strength was about, eight thou
sand infantry. The field guns actu
ally observed numbered fourteen and
he also had some other heavy guns.
"On August 21! our right wing, now
guarded by the Japanese, was twice
ata ked by the enemy, numbering 1000.
witu field pieces and machine guns,
j The enemy was completely repulsed,
j "In the evening the left wing also
i was atacked by 2000 enemy infantry
with six machine guns. Czei.ho-SIo-:
vaks stubomb resisted but were
obliged to retreat. The twelfth in
; fautry division, arriving there covered
i . i : w
'J c . : ;.;
urn
; I .... J
w " --'""J
type will be replaced by the more
modern. Construction of changq
houses of similar type are planned for
the Burro Mountain branch of the
same corporation.
The new Copper Queen type of
Around the walls and in double col
umns down the length of the room
are small lockers with shelves on
which shoes or other small articles
can be placed; these lockers are venti
lated and provided with locks. At
tached to the room are sets of pulleys.
with ropes leading into the lockers,!
the other end being hangers on which.
ixjf.-r,Rf - '1.1
v V--' :;t-
Lockers- and Change House, Coppe
the working clothes while off shift and
the street clothes while on shift may
be placed, and where they may be
dried. Sheets of galvanized iron keep
the clothes thus hung up from touch
ing each other. The locking of the
ropes inside the locker prevents thiev
ing, althoug a watchman is in attend-
I - v. - - : -
Change House, Showing - Relation
ance ait all times.
A steam plant provides the room
with an even, warm temperature, suf
ficient heat being maintained that the
clothes may be perfectly dry before
needed again. The heated room also
serves to lessen the abrupt change in
temperature from the mine to the out
of doors. The house is easily main
tained spotless for the hose can be
the retreat of the Czecho-Slovaks and
repulsed the enemy.
"The twelfth division gradually con
centrating In the direction of Suiy
agina assumed the ofensive at dawn
on August 24. After severe fighting
the enemy was driven to the north
ward. We then advanced to the bluff
north of Shhnakofka and are now at
tacking. "Our booty includes one field piece,
three machine guns and two armed
locomotives. The casualties on both
sides are unknown."
ATTEMPTED ASSASSINATION
LONDON, Aug. 31. An attempt otj
the life of a British general has been
made at Murman, according to a dis
patch to the Exchange Telegraph from
Copenhagen, quoting a Moscow tele
gram. KUNS FltHT SAVAGELY
UNTIL GERMANS CAN
GET BEHIND OLD LINE
Continued from Page One)
line tcutheast and east of Arras, have
massed men and guns to hold that
position. British forces have nearly
broken through and the danger is not
over.
In Flanders the Germans are rap
idly retiring to their lines running
near Armentieres, which they storm
ed 'nte in April.
Mont Kemmel, southwest of Vpres,
has been taken, while Itallleul. Where
there was terrific fighting when the
Germans were striving to resell the
channel ports, is again in British
hands.
Further south the Germans arc east
of the Lawe and the British h ive laken
mere (-round to the northeast of Betli
une. At nearly as it is possible to
measure the extent of the Germn re
tirement it seems the enemy has
abandoned a strip from mi- to two
ciles !cep over what would be equal
to a front of about twelve nii'es.
From Bapaume to the Oise th': I',:'it
i.'b are wHhin ten or luclve u.J.:-. id
the Hintfenburg line.
Imperial Chancellor Vo:j Hernias;,
wb) Iks held his difficult post nin,-.:
!aht November, is said to be hh-iut to
resign because of his advanced ae;
It is reported that ltr. W. S. Soir, tlio
German colonial secretary, will suc
ceed him. Pr. Solf lacoiuly made an
Important announcement fat the dis-pes-tion
of Germany's colcmes after
iiie URr is of the utiuo-.t importance,
find that Germany Y po'kv nust be so
shaped that sh wili retain them. Parts
ol his address w:e liokfil ui.nn as a
veiled suggestion that peacp tenia lives
ou the basis of colonial possessions
might be made Nikolai Ienine. the
bolshevik! premier, is reported to have
MS
Houses
used regularly instead of the broom
and duster, which merely raise the
dirt to have it fall more evenly all
ever the room, thus spreading germs
rather than leaving them concentrat
ed. The shower room, directly next to
the change room, is a model of clean
liness and sanitary convenience, with
hot and cold water available at all
times. The toilet roc.m as well offers
every facility for spatlc-ssness. It Is
very well to issue orders that change
houses must be kept spotless, but un
less they are constructed so that this
' ' ' vi '-
- - ..A. ,
r Queen Branch, Bisbee, Arizona.
is easily and quickly done, it is likely
to be negiepted. The new change
houses or the Copper Queen are really
easier to keep clean than to conceal
the dfrt that wo-.'.d accumulate.
Few companies in the country have
the lead of the Copper Queen in im
proving the coaditions of their work-
;' : .
to Queen , Tunnel and" Shaft, Bisbee.
men; their mine is now complete with
every convenience and safeguard that
can possibly be provided. Underground
latrines, city drinking water at regur
lar and frequent intervals and well
ventilated stopes are a few of the
many things that the Copper Queen
has offered to make underground work
safe, healthy and comfortable. Salt
Lake Mining Review.
been wounded by a Would-be assassin.
No details are. as yet known.
Delayed reports from the far east
state the Bolshevik! forces have been
defeated by the allies along the Us
suri river.
BRITISH OFFICIAL.
"(By Review Leased Wire)
LONDON, Aug. 31. In the capture
of Mont St. Quentin, north of Peronne,
and Feuillecout, more -than 1,500 pris
oners were taken by the British, ac
cording to Field Marshal Haig's re
port tonight. The British losses were
small.
The statement says:
' By a daring and brilliantly-executed
night operation, carried out w-ith
great dash and enterprise, the Aus
tralians seized the hill and village of
Mont St. Quentin. north of Peronne,
thereby gaining possession of an im
portant tactical feature commanding
peronne and the angle of the Soinme
river. '
"The same operatiem captured the
village of Fcuillaucoort. Over 1,500
prisoners were takeni Our casualties
were exceptionally light.
"This morning English troops at
tacked on the left of,-the Australians
with complete success and captured
Marrieres Wood and the high ground
cast and north of thl, with a consid
erate number of prisoners.
"Dm Ing the day hostile counter at
tacks launched against the Australi
ans and English were successfully re
pulsed. "Attacks this morning by ' strong
hostile forces astride the Bapaume
( air.brai road, were' driven off with
heavy losses. In this neighborhood
the :r.glish completed tne capture of
Kiencourt-Lez-Bapaume, taking a num
ber of prisoners and few guns. A'
certain points between Vaulx-Verau-court
and Bullecourt, prisoners were
taken and our positions were im
prove! slightly. Strong counter at
t3"ks in this sector aeain led to hard
flehtfng. The situation has not
changed materially.
"Fun her north Canadian troops
carried out successfully a local op
eration immediately across and south
rJr the ArrasCBinbrai road. Inflicting
many 'iisiiallies and capturing ma
chine guns."
"Hctwei the Senree and Scarne
rivers thf" English troops pushed their
line forward 15oo yards toward the
Tringuige river.
"The Increasing demand upon the
enemy reserves, due firstly to the en
ormotit casualties in his massed at
tacks in the first part of the year, and
secondly, to heavy casualties in killed,
wounded, anil prisoners by a series of
successful attacks by the allies since
July IS. has compelled the enemy to
withdraw fiom the Lys salieut and
yield without a blow positiotftt of high
OVER THE TOP FOR
ARIZONA'S PROGRAM OF
LABOR IS SLOGAN.
"Arizona has gone over the top
fcr the Liberty Loan, in war sav
ings stamps and the Red Cross
funds, as well as every other fea
ture of war work ever put up to our
people," said L. B. Doane, govern
ment examiner, who Is here on
business connected with Installing
the employment service. "It isn't
pcsbible that the state is going to
lad down on the labor program.
We have been called upon to fur
nish 2.C40 unskilled workers, and
it is necessary that every man in
the non-essential businesses should
register. They should not lose any
time, for Cochise county may be
culled on any day to furnish her
quota of 525 men. Remember the
stale's record and get busy."
tactical importance won at great
cost.
"Our troops have regained posses
sion of Kemmel hill. We have reach
ed the general line of Voormezeele
and Lindenhoek, Lacreche and Doulieu
and the approaching Estaircs."
FRENCH OFFICIAL.
(Special to The Review
PARIS, Aug. 31. Heavy fighting
north of Soissons and along the canaJ
Du Nord is reported by the war office
tonight. The French have succeeded
in overcoming powerful resistance at
various points and have taken Cam
pagne on the east bank of the canal,
now hold the village of Chevilly and
have advanced their llne as far as
Lrury, northeast of Soissons.
The statement says:
"In the course of the day the battle
continued with extreme v!olence In
the region of the Canal Du Nord and
north of Soissons. Our troops ad
vanced foot by foot, occupying suc
cessively centers of resistance which
the enemy defended with stubborn
ness. "We occupied Campagne, on the
east bank of the canal. The enemy
effort was particularly violent against
the village of Chevilly, which remain
ed finally in our possession after hav
ing been retaken twice by the Ger
mans. We captured 200 prisoner and
have en'arged our gains north of Hap
plincourt and Morlincourt.
"We have conquered Juvigny ana
Crouy In a bitter struggle and reached
the western outskirts of Leury."
HIKH HONORS PAID
ARCHANGEL, Tues.. Aug. 27 (By
fie Associated Press). Impressive
honors were paid today to the first
soldiers of the allied forces killed In
the occupation of the territory south
of Archangel.
Joseph J. B. E. Noulens, French am
bassador to Russia and other diplo
mats, together with President Tschai
kovsky and members of the new gov
ernment, marched in the funeral cor
tege behind a white open hearse In
which lay the bodies of a lieutenant
and a sergeant. Troops representing
the allied governments and a de
tachment of Russian ofifcers were in
line. To-the Russians was given the
honor of the last salute over the
graves.
President Tschaikovsky, in an ad
dress in the little Cacholic chapel at
the cemetery, paid tribute to "'the
first allied soldiers to die in the
cause cf new Russian Liberty."
POLICE SI R1KE OVER
(By Review Leased Wlrei
LONDON, Aug. 31. The strike of
the London police force composed of
more than 22,0n0 men In the Metro
politan district and the "city" has been
settled. Agreement between the gov
ernment and the strikers was reached
this afternoon at a conference at
which the demands of the policemen
were met by the government. The po
lice will receive a minimum wage of
43 shillings ($10.32) weekly and a
maximum wage of 53 shillings ($12.72)
plus a war bonus of 12 shillings
($2.S8), and also an allowance of 10
shillings for children of school age
and 2 shillings and 6 pence for other
children. Alter 26 years of service the
policeman will be entitled to retire on
a pension of 35 shillings ($8.40).
CREW REACHES SHORE
fBv Review Leasee Wire)
WASHINGTON, Aug. 31 Twenty
members of the armed naval guard of j
the American cargo steamer Joseph i
Cudahy torpedoed and sunk off the .
English coast August 17, have arrived !
safely at an Atlantic port, the navy
department tonight announced. Only
two of the naval guards were reported ;
saved in previous dispatches to the
navy department.
Arrival at another Atlantic port of
sixteen members of the merchant crew
also was reported tonight to the navy
department. Only thirteen of the
sixty-two persons aboard the Cudahy i
remain unaccounted for. The survi-1
vors landed today were picked up by
slow sailing westbound vessels.
WIRELESS MEN HELD
(Itv Review leased Wlrft
N LAV YORK , Aug. 31 George Fer
gal and Guldo Gassa, wireless oper
ators were taken into custody today
by ageuts of the naval intelligence
bureau.
It is alleged the two men, enemy
aliens, are familiar with the confiden-1
tial code of the Austrian government,
and papers fouud in Fergal's posses- j
sion indicated he belongs to the Im
perial and Royal wireless departments
of the Austrian nay.
LENINE SHOT TWICE
BY A WOULDBE
ASSASSIN AND WOUNDED
li-vew I.e.isod Wire)
.
LONDON. Aug. 31 An official I
iiiinnuiii uiT-i nun in niii ii.a.i ni;.-
patch says Lenine was wounded
twice by a would be assassin. One
Imllet penetrated above the
shoulder blade, touching the up
per part of the lung.
Another bullet penetrated the.
left shoulder blade and split tho
bone It stopped directly under
the skin. The dispatch says that
the patieut Is conscious.
The "Kamerad" GameOur
Marines Decline to Play It
According to German Rules
An article written for the official publication of the United State Ma
rines, now winning glory in France, says:
"There are some things about the boche mode of warfare which the ma
rines haven't as yet learned and probably never will. On more than one
occasion the 'squareheads,' as the Germans are affectionately called, have
attempted to teach and to play what is popularly known as the game of
'Kamerad,' but with poor success. Somehow the marines don't takt to It
as they should. For the benefit of the uninitiated it might be explained
that the game originated with the bocstamped all over it. It can be playe
he. It has the 'made in Germany' markd by any number of persons and con
sists in, say, eight or ten boches coming across No Man's Land on a run, with
hands upraised and shouting 'Kamerad.' (That's where this form of
amusement derives its name).
"When they shout 'Kamerad' it means that they're playing the game and
you mustn't shoot at them, but allow them to come quite close. If you shoot
at them it spoils the whole game, and besides it's strictly against the rules,
boche rules of course. Anyway, you're not to do any shooting. They will
then come up and each boche picks out the marine that he likes the best. To
show that you're his kamerad and that he means it, he places his arms
about y9ur neck, almost as if he were going to kiss you. At the same time
he draws a knife, of the long trench variety, and stabs you in the back. Then
the first part of the game is over. Sometimes they don't come so close,
and instead of using the knife they use a grenade, with practically the same
results. This process can be repeated until either one side or the other
tires of playing. It's a game of black treachery which betrays the Ger
mans' evil ingenuity.
"The bJche picked out a particularly dark night to play this game with
some marines who were doing patrol duty, but for some reason or other the
latter didn't feel like playing, hadn't thoroughly learned the rules of the
game, or else from what they had heard just simply didn't like the game or
the way it was being played. Anyway, when four boche came running
across No Man's Land the other night and shouted 'kamerad,' one of the
marines yelled, 'Sure. I'm the guy.' and let go. It was dark, and he couldn't
quite see whether he'd made a good hit. There were a few other shouts of
'kamerad.' and he fired some more. Next morning they found two boche just
beyond the wire and also some equipment evidently belonging to the ones
that had managed to get back to their lines and had discarded haversacks,
gas masks, and belts, and lost their caps in their hurry. The bloodstained
belt and a gas mask with a whole shot in it testified that the marine had
made a hit."
REVIEW ADVERTISING BRINGS RESULTS
As one result of a small display advertisement placed In The Bisbee
Daily Review a few days ago, Mr. A. J. Carroll, manager of the Yuba
Copper company, received an inquiry from a reader of The Review, who
lives at 117 May street, Buffalo, New York, ia regard to the stock.
. Naturally Mr. Carroll ia pleased with the result obtained by consistent
advertising in The Review for he has sold hundreds of dollars worth of
stock by using The Review exclusively.
H
ere
ID) O
The Drink Supreme
BRAVO, a pure, cereal, non-intoxicating beverage fills
the need for a non-intoxicating drink. It quenches thirst,
relieves fatigue and puts vim into work and pleasure.
BRAVO is a drink for everybody.
In Bottles and on Draught
BUXTON-SMITH COMPANY
Local Distributors
Feed Company
Phone 121
Office Below Copper Queen Hotel
We have to offer and for sale to the
public COAL and WOOD as follows
AMERICAN BLOCK COAL, per ton $17.00
COLORADO NUT COAL, per ton $18.50
WOOD, Juniper and Oak, long cord '....$14.50
WCCD, Juniper and Oak, sawed .... $16.00
i And we urge that you buy and store your winter's
sicply NOW and not take chances on a shortage
which is possible. Our government urges it too.
Bisbee Fuel and
Feed Company
Phone
Office Below Copper Queen Hotel
Review Want Ads Bring Resuts
it Is
U UWUT
121
i
J
AV
4 THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW. SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 1, 1918.
y . hi
The Art
of Dress
SIX
Toques of plumage, blue, beise.
white or black and white are being
shown this winter. This plumage is
not the flat short feathered variety,
but a more fluffy sort the feathers
being at least an inch and a half long.
Kats of tulle are worn, also broad
picturesque shanks with flat brims
and moderately square crowns made
of several thicKnenses cf tulle. Occas
ionally as in a Marie-Ixmise model of
maron tulle wreathed about with a
spray of exquisije pink roses, the
crown is made tailed than any tulle
crcwn EJiould be, and then crushed
down to the modish height.
Hats of -velvet appeared very early
this season. Very smart is one in
the form cf a, sort of glorified beret of
mauve, blue, black or dull rose vel
vet, which fits the head rather close
ly and is adorned with a butterfly bow
In velvet posed low over the right ear.
Often this bow is of some contrasting
color, particularly if the hat is black
velvet, when the bow may be beige,
dull blue, yellow or rose. Rather
larger is a new beret made entirely
cf groRgrain ribon, knitted or crochet
ed. In mauve, rose and yellow this
hat is dainty and smalir'particularly
above a frock of some light color. One
may run a motor at reckless speed,
when wearing a lose tricot turban
that wind cannot budge. . Of the same
fabric Is a scarf with its ends tucked
under the belt.
Crown your September hat with
black satin and brim it with a plum
age of teteMe negre and you will be
quite snwrL); T!f? satin sailor be
speaks the approach of autumn by rne
brownness of its hue. A brown ribbon
crossed about the crown and then ties
under the chin with a small and perky
bow. A chic hat whose ostrich cha
peau is decorated with a large rosette
of real Valenciennes, dyed the color 1
of butter.
Seal brown, velvet topped with a
sweep of owl's feathers forms a smart
little hat. A little flat affair trimmed
with a long pheasant feather placed
at a most daring angle. A hat of dull
toned striped silk, with cut steel beads
ovtliniug the stripes is good.
Weil Dressed Man
A suit of flannel or of lipht tropical
worsted with double breasted jacket
which fellows the outlines of the figr
ure. It is buttoned with soft roll and
has but three pockets, two at the sides,
with flap and breast pocket without.
The trousers fit well down over the
shoes, without any cuffs and the shoes
themselves are cf stout brown leather .
and laced with a single lace.
If the contrasts between the good
and the bad in clothes are apparent
in the daylight they are even accentu
ated by the night lights.- At first it
seems a little strange that this should
be so, because the lack of color in ev
ening makes it impossible to use the
garish combinations v.hich the man
lacking in taste-finds so ready to his
hand in the daytime. But as a matter
cf fact this Is more than counterbal
" anced by the requirements of evening
clothes which make each exagcration
superfluity particularly conspicuous.
Tlia vaistcrtat for evCting 'wear
must be simple, both in design and
material. One to be worn with even
ing dress is either of white piquet or
dull with silk entirely without deco
ration in the way of flowers or con
ventional design. In its lines it will
not be exaggerated, the points will
not be too long or the V at the bot
tom' too flaring or too pronounced.
Waistcoat and coat will jiot protrude
in an ugly white line below the latter.
Much the same distinction applies to
the waistcoat for use with a dinner
coat. A quiet and suitable costume
for evening wear at this time of year
consists of a simple dinner coat, with
one or two butons and a shawl collar;
the Jacket banging easily; a black
bow tie; a comfortable and conserva
tive wing collar, and a straw hat goes
to make up 'the apparel of a well
groomed man.
Some exceedingly bad neckties are
chosen for wear. Why such material
should ever be made into neckwear is
difficult to understand, except on the
warlike theory of camouflage which
is based on the plan of making every
thing look like what it is not. By an
extention of the theory a buffalo robe
would make a very nice bathing suit,
or a blazer would make a good coat for
an afternoon wedding. The man that
wears neckties of this gay and pecu
liar type lias evidently forgotten the
truth that civilization reverses nature
when evolution reaches the stage of
man. The peacock is far more re
splendent than his sober mate.
ME NORMAL
The school year of the Tempe Nor
mal school will be gin Monday, Sep
tember 9, with every prospect of a
very large attendance. The school is
equipped not only for regular and spe
cial teacher training, but for courses
In all lines of vocational training and
high school work.
There has never been a time in the
history of our nation when the neces
sity for general and special education
was so manifest as at present. It is
urged by our President, the national
congress, and all departments of ad
ministration Ps of vital importance In
the present emergency and in the re
adjustment of national affairs' during
and after the war, and parents of
young women, and of young men not
subject to draft, are asking themselves
the question. "w.iat shall we do to
educate our children and prepare
themselves for the fmpnrtant affairs ot
life with which they will be confront
ed?" The state of Arizona hag always
taken an advanced stand on all mat
ters pertaining to education, and
though her public school system and
state educational institutions is thor
oughly prepared to meet the special
demand. of the present emergency.
TO THE AUTOIOBM PUBLIC
On and a'fter Sentember 1. 1918. garasres of the
Warren District will be closed all day Sunday and
week-day evenings at 7 o'clock except Saturdays
when they will be open until E4-G-H-T P. M.
We have enlisted to help win the war. The government needs MEN,
expert mechanics especially.
Will you, MR. AUTO OWNER, help to release them.?
Complying with the request of the War Economy. Board of the Council
of National Defense, and in accordance with resolution adopted by the
Board of the. National Auto at St. Louis, May
18th, 1918, the following war-time policy will be enforced by local garages
for the purpose of releasing men for government work effective Septem
ber 1st, 1918. r
Office, shop, stockroom and garage and gasoline and oil station will
open at 7:30 a. m. and close at 7:00 p. m. except Saturday wlfcn they will close at. 8:00 p. m.
and remain closed all day Sunday thus releasing extra shifts of employees.
It will be the patriotic duty of every Auto Owner to assist in this
matter as well as in every possible way to conserve gasoline, oil, grease, tires and other sup
plies: to use his car only when necessary and to drive carefully -and sensibly at all times; to cut
out useless joy-riding and limit pleasure trips to necessary recreation.
; It is impossible at this day and time to eliminate the use of auto
mobiles and trucks but it isn't impossible to curtail your expenses.
Let's all jump in and win this war in a hurry and get back to normal.
Will you do your part?
Brophy Garage & Supply Co. - Bisbee Auto Co.
- Cochise Motor Co - Western Vulcanizing Co.
Hood & Bledsoe - Long Trail Garage
Borderland Garage - Slag Dump Garage
Hyde & Strack - Lowell Motor Co. - Lohman & Wright
We Wi!l Close on LABOR DAY at 1:00 P. M. THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 1, 1918.
SEVEN
WORLD'S SERIES .
PLAYERS ARE MADE
PUBLICJY BOARD
NATIONAL COMMISSION NAMES
MEN WHO CAN TAKE PART IN
CONTESTS FOR PENNANT
WHICH OPEN AT CHICAGO
EARLY THIS WEEK
Nea!e and S. Magee
r.ttack. Si-ore.
Cincinnati 400 020 0028 13 1
Chicago 100 000 201 4 7 2
Luque and Wingo; Douglas, Barber
and Killifer.
leading in thq i row night and not go to St. Louis for ;
R. H. E. ! a ohnr dav double-header. '
CINCINNATI, Aug. 31. The follow
ing is the list of eligible players for
the 1918 world's series, as announced
today by the national baseball cvinniis
sion: Chicago National League Club Fred
Mitchell, manager;; Barber, Carter,
v . i;eal, Douglas, Flack, Hendrix,
J: :: Martin Merkle, O'Farrell, Pas
. rick, Tyler, Vaughn, Walker,
', i r.mau, Zeider.
Boston American League Club E.
G. Barrow, manager; Agnew, bush, j
SPLIT DOUBLE-HEADER.
NEW YORK, Aug. 31 New York
and Brooklyn today broke even In a
double-header. Scores.
First game; R. H. E.
Brooklyn 100 000 0001 4 1
New York 100 000 02x 3 11 1
Grimes. Cheney and Wheat; Toney
nd McCarty.
Second game: R. H. E.
P.iocklvn 000 200 0002 5 0
New York 000 100 0001 6 2
Smith and Miller. Perritt and Rari-den.
DIVIDE TWO GAMES.
PHILADELPHIA, Aug. . 3L Phila
delphia and Boston divided todays
double-header, the Braves winning the
first in the eleventh inning. Scores:
First game: R. H. E.
Boston 000 020 000 03 5 9 3
Philadelphia .000 000 020 002 8 4
Nehf and Wagner, Prenderga and
Adams. '
Second game: R. H. E.
Boston 000 100 0102 10 1
Philadelphia ....110 001 30x 6 14 2
The Cleveland players are anxious
to tart essential work Tuesday, Duun
explained.
The score: R. H. E.
Cleveland 100 010 0002 5 0
Chicago 000 U00 Ool 1 11 0
Enzmann and O'Neill, Russell and
Schalk.
SENATORS WIN AGAIN.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 31. A triple
by Lavin with the bases filled in the
first inning gave Washington a lead
which New York was unable to over
come. Score: R. H. E.
New York 002 000 0013 7 1
Washington 4rt0 002 OOx 6 8 1
lxve, Sanders and Hannah; Shaw
and Picinich.
MURRAY IN FINALS
(Hy Kevirw lasvd W'lrrJ
FOREST HILLS, N. Y. Aug. 31.
R. Lindley Murray, California tennis
BROWNS EARN VICTORY.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 31. Hard and
i......., ' r 'j - 1 ' - . :.. ... 1 1 .,
Smith enabled St. Louis to beat De- player represeim-B me
troit. Score: R. H. E. ! Tennis club, won his way into the
Petroit . 200 000 0013 9 0 ! final round of the thirty-seventh an-
St Louis 012 010 lOx 5 10 1 i nual turf court championship here to-
Kallio and Spencer, Rogers and 1 day and next Tuesday will meet either
Severeid W. T. Tilden, Jr., of Philadelphia, or
Ccchran, Coffey, Dubuc, Hooper, Jones, i Crandall and Wagner, Hogg and
Kinney, Mclnnis, May, Mayer, Miller, ' Adams.
Pertica, Ruth Schaiig, Scott, Shean,
ii'trunk Thomas, Wager, Whiteman.
JUNGTI0N-BRI6GS VS.
C. & A. TEAM TODAY
GAME IS POSTPONED.
At Pittsburg St. Louis; rain.
AMERICAN LEAGUE j
w.
Bostou "6
Cleveland "4
Washington 69
St. Louis 58
New York 56
Chicago 55
j Detroit 55
L.
51
53
54
68
63
63
68
77
Pet.
.598
.583
.561
.460
.466
.466
.447
.379
The game between the Junction
Briggs and C. A. teams will . be
calltd at 4 o'clock this afternoon with
Curley and Oswalt pitching for their
aU set for their game with the Tenth Philadelphia 47
cavairy team at Fort Huachuca today,!
but this was necessarily postponed on CLINCH LEAGUE PENNANT,
account of the fact that a great part BOSTON, Aug. 31. Boston clinched
of the regiment was sent to Nogales I the American league penuant by wiu
the first of the week. They were pre-1 nin the first game from Philadel
pared for a hard game and are sure pbia. Watson, who was hit freely
that the C. & A,'s have no chance j throughout the opener, pitched all the
with them. Goss, the new receiver i leccnd game, and held Boston to one
for the C. & A.'s, will probably catch, nit t nd Philadelphia won. Ruth's al!
and the C. & A. rooters will be well around play, including his double to
represented. They are determined that I deep center field, which just missed
the Cnleshaft shall lose no more games i ordering the bleachers, feature the
this season. If rooting will help.
Baseball Scores
NATIONAL LEAGUE
W. L. Pet.
Chicago 80 44 .645
New York 70 51 .57S
Cincinnati 64 fio .516
Pittsburg 56 56 .5"H
Philadelphia 47 49 .490
Brooklyn 56 69 .44S
St. Louis - 51 64 .443
Boston 50 67 .427
lust game. Scores:
First game. R. H. E.
! Philadelphia ...100 000 0001 3 1
! Boston .011 130 OOx 12 1
I Watson and Perkins, Ruth and
Schang.
j Second ame; R. H. E.
I Philadelphia 000 001 00 1 8 1
I Boston 000 005 0000 1 3
11'... 1 n 1. i .. . I J . , .. 1. L'lt.natf
and Agnew. 3yer.
" reds win (Same.
CHICAGO, Aug. 31. Cincinnati got
an even break on the series with Chi
cago by batting out a victory in the
final game. Douglas was hit hard.
INOIANS BEAT CHICAGO. I
CHICAGO, Aug. 31-C!eveland beat!
Chiiago in :i listless game. Two bases ,
on balls and n sacrif'ce by Speaker j
scored a r:::i ir, the iirst Inning and :
the t:'th O'Neill's triple behind Evans'
pintle account d for tlie other.
Chicago outfc': the winners, but poor
La.-e iynni.it; let three Men be caught
;it the plate, and the locals did rot
b'.v!j untii the nirtn, v.hen Collins
doub'ed and a single brought him in.
President James Dunn announced to
day that his team will disband tomor-
August Sales
' Break All Records
FOR
Gates Half-Sole Tires
IN THE ;i
Warren District
During the past month we have sold more
Gates Half Sole Tires to. local motorists than
we ever did in any previous month.
The reason is because motorists are tired of
paying high prices for standard tires when they
can purchase Gates Half Soles for half the
price.
Sccores of local drivers are securing over
5000 miles with Gates Half Sole Tires. Why
don't you call and let us explain this wonderful
tire? v .
Lowell
Motor Company
J. O. MAIN, Proprietor
Lowell, Arizona
HOW ABOUT YOUR OLD
T
ES?
We Rebuild Your
Wornout
TIRES
A Hyde & Strack Retread
on a wornout tire saves you
at least one-third the price
of a new tire, and w ill make
the tire repeat Its original
mileage. We absolutely
guarantee all the work.
the Beet Ma-Workmanship
HYDE & STRACK
Expert in Tireology
Johnson Addition
PHONE
R59
0
i
Khiya Kumagae for titular honors.
Murray won his place in the finals
by defeating S. Howard Voshell. in
door champion, who entered from the
Terrace club of Brooklyn 5 4, 6 3,
86.
Kumagae advanced from the fifth
round to the semi-final at the expense
of Lyle E. Mahan, winning at 46,
63, 60, 6 1. Th Jap will play
Tilden on Monday and the winner will
be bracketed with Murray.
9
MISS ROSENTHAL WINS
(liy Review Leased Wire)
CHICAGO. Aug. 31 Supreme golf
ing ' honors of the woman's western
golf association today went to Miss
Elaine Rosenthal of Chicago for the
second time when she defeated Miss
Frances Hadfield of Milwaukee, four
and three in the final round, at Indian
Hill club. The champion won the title
in 1915. but' was eliminated at the next
two tournaments.
mmmmmm
J n i' mtt Hi mm n - -J
READVILLE TRACK QUIET
(Hy Review Leased Wire)
READVILLE. Mass., Aug. 31. Bay
State Circuit and Driving club horses
had the track to themselves this after
noon when the final day's meeting of
the grand circuit was held here.. 1n
order to reach Hartford for the grand
circuit opening Monday and the big
Labor day stakes the "Big Line" trot
ters and pacers had, to be shipped this
morning.
i
J
r
BISBEE LODGE TO
EQUIP RED CROSS
AMBULANCE SOON
LILY TEMPLE OF PYTHIAN SIS
TERS BUSY PREPARING TO
SEND FULLY EQUIPPED UNIT
FROM BISBEE TO FRANCE AS
SOON AS POSSIBLE
What's a Battery Expert?
Expert: "One who has special skill, ex
perience or knowledge."
Every Willard expert mut have all three
when it comes to handling batteries.
Our experience immediately tells us where
your battery troubles lie; our knowledge tells
you what need3 to be done; and our skill
insures a workmanlike job.
We're at your service.
We want to tell you about Threaded Rub
ber, too, and give you a copy of the booklet,
'A Mark wit!h a Meaning for You.'
LOHMAN & WRIGHT
Central Theatre Building - - Lowell
DO YOU-HAVE
Til?!? TKWIRII??
We have just received a factory shipment of the Famous
Rose Tire Pumps. Before taking a trip stop and purchase
one of these, and save time O-S ' (5Q
nnrl lnhnr on t.hp rrH IT I IMS ipO Ej&L,
and labor, on the road-
In accordance with the request, of the Warren District Auto
mobile Mens Association, we close all day Sunday Sept., 1st,
AND At 1 P. M. MONDAY, LABOR DAY
Erophy
Supply-
Garage
ompa
ixy
INCORPORATED)
PHONE 199
Lowell, Arizona
PKONE 199
f
The women of the Bishee Lily Tem
ple of I'ythian Sisters are busy mak
ing preparations to furnish an ambu
lance to ue sent to France from Co
chise county. The Pytiiian Sisters of
Arizona have received word from the
grand temple at Tempe, urging them
to carry out the work of furnishing
and equippiug ambulances for the use
of the government in the war zone.
I This work is handled directly by the
grand lodge, through the Ked Cross
, association of Arizona.
I The co-operation of all the Knights
. of Pythias lodge of the state has been
asked and many have responded.
: Kach county is to be represented and
the ambulance furnished will receive
, the name of the county by which it is
j furnished.
j The government prefers Ford anibu
i lunces to any other and these ainbu
i lances set up ami equipped ready for
i use on the batlle field, cost $475 each.
I But since this is a state-wide plan
: and every county is to be represented
, it is desired that ail help to raise
; $650 so as to be able to place an itnbu-
lance in France named for each of
the fourteen counties of the state. The
material and labor used to furnish
these ambulances will be given by the
Pythian Sisters.
There will also be a dance, given at
fhe Warren park on election night,
September 10, for the ambulance bene
fit and the election returns will be
given from the band stand direct from
the Warren district Sutter club head-
i quarters. The women are confident
that there will be no diffeculty in se-
curing the help of every one. Pap.
ticularly when there are so many pos-l
I sibilties of almost any kind of an
l emergency, it will be comforting to
know that ambulances are being"
; bought, equipped an l sent overseas as
soon as possible in order to be of
ready service to the country.
-. MV)
SCHOOL TEACHER NEEDED
EHJiNS
i
send'
!f VCi
rornj
ha vo !'vi h a 'do'l
I t l ie as when I t'(ik the
1'lVt (1'lse ( I ;i v; S llMU.rlUl it'TlledV.
I was nir.ii't I v: nM h ive to give up
my si-hoi.! bec.iii;e el severe stomach,
liver HW'A Ii ()' e! !r.;ill)ie whi'-t call-led
such a pre.-sim ci pM.-t that I could
not use my i,;.ii i ,u tii.i. s. aa I my
In ail wmnd palpitate awfully. Siiic!
lal liirf a lie. ii :iciil ;1 hi's VVendi-rf ill
Keinedy a ye.u- :yj, ti 1 1 this has dis
appeared." II is a simple, nannies.;
preparation t'u l reimnis the citar
ih.il nim-.i- fiiin the intestinal tract
and allays the inllaimnation which
cjiiscs firai tu ally all si niai h, hvt
i and Intesliiial aiiim nts. iiiiiinliiiK a
pendieilis. One dose v ill convince
, i.r money reluiuli d.
j Suid by Iitsliee Din,; company. Hi:,
'bee; Lowell Drug company, m Lowell,
laud druggists .everywhere.
A SERIES OF
LITTLE TALKS ABOUT
YOUR
.C7 li
1 I'
y r
t Nine;
spend
OME Ford owners spend a terrific lot
of money fcr tires. Some
very little.
The same thing applies to tires as to
all the rest of your Ford equipments it's
just a matter of reasonable care.
Of course, some tirci are better than
others. But there are mighty- few tirrs
that will fail to give satisfactory service
if you treat them right.
. Drop around anytime lo talk, ab-nt
the care of your tires if you happen not to
know, just what to do to keep them in
good trim.
Air is free here and everywhere you
go. More tires gc bad from under infla
tion than any other one caue. It's poor
ecoi.omy. too, to run a tire till it falls
apart. Get more mileage for jour money'
--We'll gladly help you.
Hcod & .kiledsoc
j rhor.e 6S6 - - Bkbee
" 1 , ' 1
Mii-TTM hi torn ii r ill ii a r -1 ' n ' - ' '-' - --"i 'i..Vva-..UMinLi .fc A- A
Review Want Ads Bring Resul
l-3
to SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 1, 1918.
City Briefs
,
Has anyone visited you? Or
" have you entertained? If so, call
The Review after 6 p. m. and tell
the Society Editor, phone 39.
CHRISTIAN CHURCH.
Bible school, 10 a. in.; preaching ser
vice, 11 a. m.; evening service, ":SU
o'clock. All cordially invited.
: formerly of Bisbee. was left to make also be a reading entitled
"War Stor
repairs and will follow at a later date.
ies Hot From the Front." and "War
Poems." A hearty invitation Is ex
tended to all. i
CENTRAL THEATRE
, BUY WINTERS COAL NOW.
Elsewhere in our columns will be
found the advertisement of the BiS- WITH RAINBOW DIVISION.
BEE FUEL & FEEL) COMPANY urg- Walter S. Pringle, who was a resi
ling that you buy and store your win-'dent of the Wairen district for a num
! ter's supply of coal and wood now. ! ber of years. Is in the Rainbow divi-
Look it up. 970 ! sion in France and was with them in
TODAY ONLY-
CONTINUOUS 1 TO 11
TODAY ONLY
THOMAS H. INCE Presents FIRST TIME IN THE DISTRICT
ON COURT BUSINESS.
E. J. Flanigan, Alexander Murry,
and Cliflord Mathews were in the coun
ty seat on business before the superior
court.
s
LITTLE DAUGHTER ARRIVES.
Advices have bei;n received here to
the effect that the home of Mr. and
Mrs. Fred Gardner of Piedmont. S. D.,
had been Messed by the aniv:;! of a
baby daughter on Friday.- The family
were former R'sick'ilts of Warren.
UNDELIVERED MESSAGES.
j biilet behind the lines. This news was
received in Tombstone yesterday by
Walter Thomas, his uncle.
WILL MEET NEXT TUESDAY.
The Twentieth Century club wi 1
meet on Tuesdav afternoon at the Y.
W. C. A. at 2:30. The new preside'-t j f
will preside, Mrs. W. J. Spalding. 'VISITOR DEPARTING.
I .Mrs. Ft. E. Kohl'T is leavint
PATENTS ISSUED. 1
Harzaid & Miller, pioneer patent j
i agency of Los Angeles, have receive 1 j
I ward that patents have been awarded '
,' at Washington to the following Ari- ;
There are undelivered telegrams at ' zona mveniors: Miguei l ascaie ui
the Western Union office for the fol- Jucsan. bolt; Curtain Ligon, Warren;
lnwinir named nersons Mis I.ni M iwrencn; james m. anu jas n. ueene..
Wilson. Mrs. Clint Hudspeth and J. ti. i Douglas
Riiley.-
latch.
i
FOR EL PASO.
Miss Catherine Marutte left last
evening for El Paso. Texas, where she
ill accept a position as a kindergar
ten teaeher In the schools of that city.
(JURY DRAWING.
I The names of the citizens of Cochise
today ! county who will serve for the Septem-
i'cr her !ome in El Paso. She has been i ber team will be drawn in Tombstone
spending the ;--iinincr at the Copper ' on next Tuesday morning. The draw
Queen hotel, am! yisi'.ing her mother, I ing will be had in the presence of the.
Mrs. Ackard. Mr. Kohler is a travel! county recorder, the sheriff and the
man mid anemia a ureal deal of , juagft. aevemy-iive names win vi
WILL HOLD MEETING.
- The St. John's Guild of the Episco
pal church will meet at the home of
Mrs. J. D. Blair on Mason hill, Wed
nesday afternoon.
WILL ENTERTAIN SATURDAY.
-The Mesdames Frank Duval. It.
Thomas and R, X. Alvin will enter
tain next Saturday afternoon at the
Country club for the permanant Blind
association.
t'ice in Bishee.
SAFELY OVER THERE.
"A message received late yesterday
by Mr. and Mrs. I. C. E. Adams from
r., C. E. Adams, j., stated that he had
arrived safely in France.
RETURNED HOME.
Miss Kathelen McClellan. who has
been in the city for several days on
a visit to her schoolmate, Miss Myrtle
Ewing, has returned to her home in
Tombstone.
VISITING SON.
lMrs. M. A. Ivey'of Tombstone, is
in the district for a few days on a
visit to her son, Ernest Ivey, who Is
connected with the Lowell Drug com
pany. She is accompanied by her son,
Frank. .
TO THE COAST.
"Miss Edith Hudson and Marguerite
Shilliam. who are employed at the C.
A. offices, left last night on the
Colden State Limited for Los Angeles,
where they will spend a month's vacation.
TAKEN TO HOSPITAL.
Mrs. E. J. Kirwin, who fell recently
at the Warren ranch and injured her
hip, was taken yesterday to the Cop
per Queen hospital for treatment. Mrs.
Kirwin is the mother of David Foster
of this city. .
AS A NURSE.
Miss Carol Hosmer, daughter of W.
B. Hosmer and wife, left last evening
for New York city, where she will
enter the City hospital at Blackwell
Island, which Is used as a school for
nurses.
HARD LUCK.
Mrs. W. H. Hubbard and Mrs. Vance
R. Thralls of Webb City. Mo., are vis
king with their uncle. E. D. Stinson,
of Upper Lowell, haying made the trip
overland via Grand Canyon, to. within
ninety miles of Phoenix, when their
car became disabled. Mr. R. E. Varner,
PARTY IS GIVEN.
A dinner party was given last night
at the home Mr. and Mrs. Twook of
Higgins hill. Those present were, the
Mesdames Thayer, Thain and Drydon;
Messrs. Winstead. Black, Thain, Thay
er and Drydon; and Miss F. Thain and
little Loretto Lee Thain.
THROUGH TO TOMBSTONE.
Fletcher M. Doan, Frank M. Doan,
11. E. Pickett, J. P. Boyle, R. X.
French, S. W. White and David Ben
shimol, all Douglas attorneys, were
in the city yesterday on their way to
Tombstone, where they had business
before the superior court.
i drawn. For the first time in the hi-
tory of the county there is not a mur-
aer case on me aocnei, oui mere m
one cr two assault cases. The trial
jury will report on Monday, the 16th. i
RED CROSS SEWING.
Those who attended the Red Cross
sewing meetings at Don Luis, held in
the Presbyterian church for the week
ending Friday, Aug. 30, are: The
Mesdames Kennedy, McLeary, Robin
son, Kirkland, Zeasy, Mort, Earl,
Shears, Beckman, Mitchner, jacobson
and Hodges.
LORETTO SCHOOL OPENS.
The Loretto school will open tomor
row morning Lt 9 o'clock. The children
will be Immediately dismissed after
enrollment. A very large attendance
is expected and reservations have al
ready been made by many parents for
their daughters, from all parts of the
state. Owing to the increase in the
attendance, two new teaching sisters
have arrived in the city. Sisters Rose
Teresa and Millicent .the latter having
taught in the public schools at St.
Paul, Kansas. These schools are under
the supervision of the Sisters of Loret
to. Full information concerning the
training of the individual will be giv
en on request by the Sister Superior.
READY TO SHOOT.
The forms are completed for the
big Luton arch bridge and the ce
ment pourers are ready to shoot as
soon as the mixer gets here from Bis
bee. Delay in its arrival has been
occasioned by the difficulty of get
ting parts for repairs.
TEN DAYS MORE.
In ten days more the agony so far
as the primaries are concerned then
conies the tug of war and it's going
to be some tug this year because all
candidates are going to be scrutiniz
ed as never before.
FROM DOUGLAS.
N. A. Patterson and wife and daugh
ter Nellie May will arrive here today
from Douglas to spend a few days on
a visit to friends. From here they will
go to Tombstone. Mr. Patterson was
formerly connected with the Review
and has many friends in the city who
win be glad to see mm.
FOR TRANSPORTING.
Tom Calwell, who was engaged in
the auto business in this city for some
time, is at the present time an occu
pant of the county jail on a charge of
transporting Intoxicating liquors. ' He
was caught about three miles out of
Willcox -with a Hudson Super-Six load
ed with ten cases of whiskey. With
him was T. R. Ashby of this city. The
latter was released on bond of $500
which was furnished on Friday night.
The men were caught on Thursday by
Jesse Moore and F. Reece. Calwell
was being watched while he was ope
rating the car for hire here Just after
he purchased it and just barely missed
being caught with a load on two occasions.
.
? I iir.0
AND HIS PINTO PONY, FRITZ, AS
The 2 - Gun Man
-in
"The Bargain
! ni l' T7"";. '-:s'" if
tk. -bV-T-- -w.,,,.,.i...... ..a.
(In Six Acts)
BIG BILL BACK ON THE JOB, AS THE GOODBAD MAN OF THE WEST ONE OF THE MOST REMARK
ABLE PORTRAYALS OF HIS ENTIRE CAREER STAGED AT THE GRAND CANYON OF ARIZONA
MUTT and JEFF COMEDY
, -AI
Selborn Comedy "LOVE and LUNATICS'
ADMISSION 15 AND 25c
TOMORROW ONLY
Francis X. Bushman and Beverly Bayiie
IN THE 6-ACT METRO WONDERPLAY
66
CYCLONE HIGGINS'
9
The Story of how a fighting parson tames Yellville, a southwestern town of the rough kind. A young cyclone in action
with hi s fists.
SOCIAL TIME.
On Tuesday, September 3, at S p.
ni., there will be a social and enter
tainment at the Christian church. The
many friends of the church who at
tended the last social remember the
dandy time had by all. This next affair
will tend to surpass even the last so
cial. The program will be a varied
one, containing numerous vocal selec
tions, games and readings. There will
B
'A
S
EBALU
WARREN PARK
4:00 P.M.
TODAY
G. & A. vs. Junction-Briggs
Admission 35 Cents
Including War Tax
COMMITTED TO ASYLUM.
Examined by Drs, H. H. Hughart
and R. J. Stroud before Judge Lock;
wood in the superior court yesterday!
S. H. Whilcox, who was picked up at
Douglas was ordered committed to
the state hospital at Phoenix. Tho
unfortunate patient Is believed to be
ailing from sickness which has left
his mind in a deranged condition and
when arrested was trying to procure
poison to commit suicide. He be
lieves some one is trying to shoot him
and continually bears his breast and
yells: "All right, just so you shoot
me In the heart." He also does not
recognize his daughter, whom he says
is dead. He will be taken to Phoenix
tomorrow by a member of the Sheri
iff's office. '
BACK FROM COAST.
Charles Schulke, manager of the
Ctly Dye works, has returned from a
month's trip to Murietta Springs and
the beaches. After seeing California
show places, Mr. Schulke says Bfsbee
looks better than ever to him. While
on the coast he met a number of
former Bisbee residents. w-Jio express
ed a desire to return whenever they
were able to do so. Mr. Schulke feels
certain that much good will be ac
complished by the governmental su
pervision of distribution of skilled and
unskilled labor, with plain statements
as to rate of pay,. etc. He came across
a few men formerly employed in the
mines here who had gone to California
to work in the ship yards. They had
gone there expecting to get much high
er wages than they made here but in
the main had been disappointed. Oth
ers, who followed will o' the wisp ad
vertisements for certain classes of la
bor, before the government took hold
of recruiting, arrived there only to find
that the places open for the particu-
TODAY
LYRIC
THEATER today
CONTINUOUS: 1 to 11
WORLD FILM CO. PRESENTS
KITTY GORDON in
'"INTERLOPER"' '
(In Five Parts)
The story told in this production is of a wife who finds that she is dearer to her
husband by far than his first wife ever was, and in making this discovery sh'e is buoyed up
by the satisfaction of not having destroyed her husband's faith in his first wife's mem
ory as she had the opportunity of doing.
L. K. O. COMEDY IN 2 PARTS
lar sort of labor they knew how to
do were filled and nothing but com- j
mon labor at lower wages than they
had calculated upon, remained. '
HART AT THE CENTRAL.
William S. Hart as the two-gun man
in "The Bargain" at the Central thea
ter today, a big. human Hart photo
play, breathless with Interest, pulsat
ing with action, it will grip you and
thr'll you and entertain yet. It was '
prr-dnced by the famous Thomas, H.
Irce. the greatest, living producer of
the west as It really wa3 L: "ihe good
old days." Mr. Hart J.; conceded ev-1
erywhere to be the greatest of all i
exponents of western roles. In fact. '
his unbounded vigor, his Oaring and 1
cournge, make his un'qu.'1 personality,
thriil us with the very soint of the
et. The big scenes descriptive of!
Arizona mining towns, a ratt ot 300
strong and a story whose atmosphere
is free and wild, .carries you breath
'slv along by its. faithful realism. 1
Lovers of the west and of western
stories cannot fail to be interested and
thrilled by "The Bargain." The scene
is laid in he Grand Canyon of Arizo-;
na in the days of the old west. Any ,
picture In which Hart appears is sure
to abound in thrilling scenes, but one
of the most hair-raising and dangerous 1
stunts which he has ever attempted. '
will be seen in "The Bargain." 1
In the character of "Two-gun" I
Stokes, r notorious outlaw, Mr. Hurt, i
v.-iih a sheriffs posse at his. heels,
rides out upon a high cliff. Every i
avenue of escape cut off, he has no '
choice but to make the leap from the j
ton of the precipice into the gorge
r-elow. Without hesitation, and while )
th rosse is gasping in horror, he t
drives his spurs into his horse and :
takes the plunge. .Together they go j
crat;hine down into the canyon. -. It Is I
on ot the finest pieces of work in the j
field of photography, and Thomas
Ince, who directed the picture, Is just- j
ly proud of his achievement.
EAGLE
TODAY LAST TIME
THEATER
Continuous, 1 to 11
LAST TIME TODAY
M
liilOBS O
eople
XL
Have Read
WALLACE IRWIN'S CELEBRATED JAPANESE SCHOOL DOY STORIES
lift i ftilfluuft
Band Concert
The regular bi-weekly concert, given
by the C. fc'A. band, will be held this
evening at the Warren park at 8 ,p.
m. The following program has been
arranged, and will no doubt prove of
interest:
March, "Konig's Hussars". .R. Leonard
Ovrrture. "Crown Diamonds".. .Auber
Valse. "Ceeile" McKee
Ballet Music From. "William Tell"
.. Rosinl
Descriptive, "The (Ambuscade". . .
Alexander
March. "Horse Show" Alxandder
The Star-Spangled Banner"
W. H. Martin, Director.
BALCONY, 5c
MAIN FLOOR, 10c
RESERVED SEATS, 20c
Don't Fail to See MME. PETROVA in Her third PETROVA PICTURE, "THE LIFE
.MASK," in 7 Parts, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 2ND
Cases Called
For Setting
There were many matters, civil and
probate and criminal up before Judge
Lock wood of the .superior court yes.
terday, occupying most of the day,
with almost every attorney in the
county present. One insanity case
was also heard, while County Attorney
Ross asked that citations be issued
for the' appearance for arraignment
and setting of their cases on Satur
day, Srpt. 7.
R. D. Tennlngton, charged with in
troducing liquor.
T. WiWiamson, transporting.
Maria Dunn, selling.
Ramon Rlos, rape.
1 .Trim Getmele, transporting,
j Frank Martin, transporting.
Ko'ofl Chavez, transporting.
! Philip Garcia, buying Btolen prop
' erty.
T. , C.easlin. introducing.
R. S. HUh field, rapa.
! Klmo Wilson, assault with deadly
! weapon.
I Marls J. F. rv Rr.cha and Anastaclo
I Llorgeris, adultery)
j Hetlinda Cruz, selling. i
Wiley Golden, transporting. I
THE GREAT JAPANESE ACTOR WILL APPEAR IN
THE SCREAMINGLY FUNNY ANTICS OF
Mmnralofi'o
TT IL . ' HP 99
il Ji
If you have the blues come out to the Eagle and forget it, as we guaranteed this to be one 1
cf the most entertaining plays presented here in many days I
THE PICTURE THAT IS DIFFERENT
PATHE WEEKLY
LONESOME LUKE COMEDY
in two parts, "Love, Laughter and Lather" ajid Pathe Colored Scenic
15c; RESERVED SEATS 25 CENTS
ADMISSION: CHILDREN, 10c; ADULTS
: :
TOMORROW
Wm. S. Hart as the Two-Gun Man in "The Bargain"
See BIG BILL as the "GOOD BAD MAN OF THE WEST' Staged at the Grand Canyon
Schmidt, running confi-
William Boyle, transporting.
James E. Kelly, assault with deadly
weapon.
Mry FrCd
dence game.
Will Boyle, grand larceny.
Ignacio Cordova and Gonzalo Lopez,
transporting.
Isals Peres, rape.
A. J. Cleveland, non-support chil
dren. Antonio Aguirre, grand larceny.
Bob Paige, transporting
Alfred W. Bedford, grand larceny.
Cabino Ornelas, transporting.
Cleve Irby, "ransDoting.
Enle Johnson anjj F. R. Kdwards,
transporting.
T. M. Colwell and T. A. Ashbey,
transporting.
A number of defendants lu appeal
esses from the justice coirrt and police
courst of Bisbee and Douglas, were
also cited for Saturday.
LABOR IS PLEASED.
' (Spec-tat to Tho Revicwj
CLEVELAND. Ohio. Aug. 31 "It !
a pleasure to note the fart that on the
approach of Labor day we find or
ganized labor everywhere in earnest
sympathy and hearty co-operation with
the aims and objects of our national
government," today said Warren S.
Stone, grand chief engineer of the
Brotherhood of locomotive Knglneers.
in a message to Labor on the eve of
Labor day.
WEEKLY REPORT OH
LOCAL MILK SUPPLY
The following are the analyses of
milk samples .for the week endlng'Aig.
?1, issued by Dr. Durfee, county and
statebacteriologist :
Dairy Pet. Fat.
San Jose 3.6
Fike 4 5
Jcvanovlch 3.1
Standard, 3 6
Bisb Fruit Mkt 3.5
Blsbre Creamery 3 3
F. Guerrero 4.4
W. S. Hayes 4.0
John Conley (A 4 2
John Conley (B) 3 6
Business Locals
STANDARD LAUNDRY
For service Phone 57. McConneti '
Bros. 574
Pet. Water.
S9.58
S7.45
85.73
87.63
S7.42
S7.71
SS 10
S6.S7
86.73
S7.93
L. L. Oilman sells tn New Edison,
"the phonograph with a soul."
ROCKH ILL'S STAGE
Blsbee-Tombstone, Leave Blbe
Bisbee Auto Co., 7 ft. bl. 1:30 p. m. ?
Phone Bisbee B. a dr.
DANCE.
C A A. Band Dance. Warren Park.
Wednesday and Saturday. Adramls
lon F0 centa. Ladle tree. Adv. 744
Beautv parlor, shamnoolr.r hair
The law requires not less than 3.25 j dressing, manicuring, scalp treatment.
facials. New Art store. Phone 545. 570
per cent fat and not more than 88 per
cent water.
TOO LATE TO CLASSIFY
MATERNITY HOME.
Call Black 573 for terms, etc.
Advertisement J7
WANTED Position by man and wife.
experienced cooks and waiters, ho-1 BISBEE SCHOOL OF MUSIC
tel or eating hcuse in small mining I Private lessons given on the
camps preferred. Address. CoJk. 1 stringed and band instruments by eom
Keview office. 5 j petent instructors. Satisfaction guar-
! anteed. Phone 335.
FOR SALK-Iirge rash reRjster. coal j 437 E. M. BROWN. Director,
range, gas range, coffee urn, water)
cooler, electric fan. See ( has. Reif j Dr. Playfahr. Osteopath. 9.1 Maioi
tel. Lowell, Arhuckle s Place, op-1 Hill. Mason car stop. Phone Blue 47.
Adf. S31
posite graveyard gate. 0 SOCIETY
1 SECTION I
$ Edited by 5
LEE BROWN ;
MINING
SECTION
Edited by
WILLIAM T. OWEN
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 1, 1918.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
VOL 21, NO. 72.
MINES, MINING, LOCAL STOCKS AND COPPER
(or
BUILT BY MASTERS, C. & A.
SHELTER IS IDEAL IN ALL
OF ITS MANY FICTIONK
SOMETHING OF THE WORK AND HIGH RESULTS IN EFFICIENCY OF
ONE OF THE COUNTRY'S MOST IMPORTANT WAR METAL MAKERS
BESIDES THE ORES FROM BISBEE MINES OF C. 4 A. AND SHAT
TUCK THE SMELTER HANDLES A CONSIDERABLE AMOUNT OF
CUSTOM BUSINESS FROM DIFFERENT PARTS OF THE STATE,
THEREBY LIFTING ARIZONA'S MONTHLY OUTPUT OF COPPER.
The following comprehensive, and at this time particularly interesting de
scriptive article of the Calumet & Arizona smeiter. through which the output
of the Warren district mines of the company and those of Shattuck & Arizona
and of Denn Arizona in the district are handled, is taken from the Mining
& Scientiffic Press, for which it was written by Courtney de Kalb, prominent
The smelter of the Calumet & Arizona Mining company is not a custom
plant, vet the exigencies of fluxing and of the development of other enterprises
have led to an extension of its zone of attraction as far as to Lordsburg. N. M..
in an easterlv direction, to Ajo in the west and to Jerome in the north. The
higher grade New Cornelia ore, which is very silicious, contains approximately
4 per cent copper, present mainly as carbonate and silicate, and this is used
as reverberatory fettling and as a flux for the converter charges. The daily
consumption of this material is 150 tons. An equal quantity of a similar ore
from the 85 Mining company at LordsTmrg is used for the same purpose. The
main supply of ore, however, is from the company's great mines at Bisbee, or.
more specifically, at Warren, 25 miles to the northwest. The daily deliveries
rrom this source nominally amount to about 2400 tons, averaging about 5 per
cent copper, 18 per cent silica, and 28 per cent sulphur. The Shattuck mine
above Bisbee. of which it may be said with more truth than fiction that half
hearted commendation given by economic geologists and engineers, with con
sequent hesitation on the part of possible buyers, forced the owner to de
velop the property himself and to scramble through hard times to financial
affluence, contributes 500 tons per diem of sulphide ore assaying 5 per cent
copper. In September, at the time of my visit, the smelter was treating about
1500 tons of ore daily, which is less than half its capaciey. This deficiency
cf ore was due to the shortage of labor at the mines. The labor-problem, how
ever does not now embarrass operations as it did at the time when pro-German
propaganda was concentrated so strongly upon producing disaffection in the
ranks of the miners.
The Calumet & Arizona ore is vari
able in character, as are all the other
ores of the Win-en district, in depth
there is an abundance sulphide ore,
there are also large bodies of carbon
' ate and other oxidized ores, somet imes
not conformable to the usual and sup
VpoMdly logical position of w oxidized
ore above the sulphides; in places
that order is reversed at Warren and
at Bisbee. This explanation will serve
to accentuate the fact that deliveries
of mixed high-copper ores of both
classes are made to the smelter. The
ratio between them is about 1 of ox-Jde-ore
to 2.5 of sulphide. The thing,
however, that it does not reveal is the
interesting fact' that, in the develop
ment of the large reserves of hish-p-ade
ore, that is, ore containing over
5 per cent copper, a much greater ton
nage of low-grade sulphide ore has
been put into sight. For such ore there
1? an extremely limited market at pres
ent, although its composition is favor
able for the manufacture of sulphuric
acid. The sulphur cantent exceeds
45 per cent, and it assays about 2 per
cent in copper. The Calumet & Ari
zona smelter is one of the few West
ern plants that has a sulphuric-acid
annex. This has a capacity of 200 tons
of acid per day, and if it be essential
for purposes of war to produce more
of this commodity it is plain that it
would be no extra over-head expense,
and but little extra labor-cost. It
would be possible, under properly co
ordinated transportation systems to
take acid from such a plant to Missis
sippi valley points, if not farther east.
at least to the extent Involving the
duplication of the Calumet & Arizona
works. With lead at moderate prices.
this would seem to be a favorable mo
ment to undertake such a duplication
if required as an emergency measure.
It is Interesting to note that the plant
now has a large battery of Herreshoff
hoasters. if which nineteen are dis
charging their sulphorous fume Into
the atmosphere, while only five are
onnected to the acid-making plant;
therefore no delay would be occasion
ed for the manufacture and erection
of this part of the plant. Neither
w juld it be necessary to draw upon the
low-copper pyrite ore, which would
still remain cheaply available for acid
making in the east if the government
can arrange for its transportation. Too
much stress cannot be laid upon the
fact that, while officials In Washing
ton are calling for pyrite and more
sulphur to make good the deficiency of
Spanish pyrite, here are resources al
most untouched, that need no more
than suitable management of the
transportation of the country to be
come available for the general good.
The Douglas smelter of the Calu
met and Arizona company lies about a
half-mile north-northwest from the
Copper Queen smelter of the Phelps
Dodge corporation. It represents a
completely re-built plant, new from
end to end, replacing the old works
erected some years ago. The design
ing was done by the Calumet & Ari
zona staff under the immediate care of
A. G. McGregor and C. H. Repath,
with the advice and assistance of U D.
Ricketts, bringing his ripe experience
to the problem as consulting engineer,
and under the energetic direction of
the general manager. Captain, now
Lieutenant Colonel John Greenway. to
whom each enterprise in the better
ment and development of the plants
of his company becomes a pet on
which he bestows an enthusiasm that
Imparts inspiration to his associates
The plant as it stands today contains
receiving bins having a total capacity
of 10.000 tons, a belt-conveying system
for the same capacity per diem, a
crushing, screening, and automatic
sampling-plant of the most approved
design, a bedding-yard operated on
the Messiter-system. which first at
tracted well-deserved attention some
ten years ago at Cananea, a great coke
handling and storage department for
10,000 tons, a battery of 24 Herres
hoff roasting furnaces, an automatic
in the feeding of ore, the discharging
of calcine, and its conveyance to the
reverberatories as such a plant can
be; four 20 by 100-ft. oil-fired rever
beratories, and two blast-furnaces of
the Mathewson type. 40 ft. long by
4 ft. wide at the tuyere-section- also
a converter department having six
converter-stands, a McGregor skull
breaker, casting machine, and the
other accessories pertaining to a
smelter. The power-house, as is char
acteristic of every plant upon which
Dr. Ricketts lays his hand, is a model
of efficiency, with no modern device
omitted for ensuring the highest de
gree of economy. The steam is de
rived entirely from the reverberatory
waste-heat boilers, and as there is a
surplus of power over that needed for
the smelter; this Is transmitted as
high-tension current for use In. the
mines at Warren. The power is de
veloped with turbine alternating cur
rent generators, taking steam at 80 lb.
pressure, superheated by 60. TheBe
turbine engines generate 3000 kw. at
80 per cent power-factor, and 480 volts.
Four No. 10 Connersville blowers "are
also direct-connected to steam tur
bines developing 240 hp. each. These
furnish air for the blast-furnaces. In
addition there are tftiree Nordberg
blowers having capacity in free air
per minute respectively of 10,000, 1Z,
000, and 15.000 u. ft. These supply
the converters, two turbines, three,
pumps, three Ingersoll-Rand compress
ors, and some minor apparatus. The
machine shop is adequate for all re
pairs to a plant of this magnitude.
Fuel oil coming by train" from Cali
fornia is pumped to five well protected
storage tanks having a capacity of 10,
000 bbl. each. From these it is pump
ed, according to proper methods of
safety-supply, to a measuring tank for
general distribution throughout the
works where needed. The water sup
ply Is abundant, the great Sulphur
Springs valley being filled with des
ert "wash" that is saturated by the
precipitation from a large mountain
ous water-shed, go that two wells. 350
feet deep, suffice for the needs of the
entire plant. This water contains a
large amount of sodium carbonate in
solution, so that it Is excessively
"soft" and deposits no scale in the
boilers.
The steel ore-bins. 24 in number, are
37 feet high, and the. ore is delivered
to them in 50-ton side-dump cars that
are drawn on a 1V4 Per cent grade
from a spur of the EI Paso & South
western railway. The width of the
bins is 24 feet, and it will be seen
from the plan that they are long and
narrow, facilitating a side-discharge
at the bottom, where the ore is de
livered through arc-gates and fed by
a traveling roller-fed hopper car to
either of the 30 in. conveyor belts.
These carry their burden to a feed
hopper placed between two 24 by 36
In. Blake crushers net front to front,
having a capacity of 100 tons per hour
each, crushing to -incn siae. i m-j
were made by Chalmers & Williams.!
The crushers are cross connecteu ny
chutes, are provided with grizzlies and
deliver the ore to a pair of 20 in. conveyor-belts
that take it to the top of
the sampling and screening-plant. A
new set of bins has just been installed
parallel to the older series, and a No
8 gyratory, built by the Allis-Cham-bers
Manufacturing company, has
been erected at the end of the line of
bins. The crushed ore from this ma
chine will be handled by a new unit
of the sampling works. This addi
tion to the mill is at present only
equipped" for handling the samples as
they are cut from the main stream
of reject, and for screening sulphides,
the coarser sulphide being sent to the
mixing beds for the blast furnaces,
while the remainder is brought down
to approximately in. size for the
reverberatory furnaces. The sulphides
go to the Herreshoff furnaces to be
roasted, and the oxide ores go direct
to the charging bins.
The handling of the ore through the
mill is on a 2-belt system, each belt
being caapable of carrying the entire
product of each unit. The arrange
ment is in parallel, so that no delay
can ever occur on account of needed
repairs. The 4-in. ore from the pri
mary crushers is first delivered to a
pair of Snyder samplers, consisting
of a shallow cone, like a bowl set on
edge, the ore chute delivering to the
lower inside rim which is protected
hv renewable cast-iron liners. At one
point in the rim is an open segment
the width of the ore-chute. The bowl
revolves and during nine-tenths of the
rpvnlll tion the machine is discharging
reject to the main ore-stream, while
for the remaining one-tenth of the rev
olution the whole stream is diverted
tr the umn In it unit of the mill. The
Snyder sampler, which is excessive-1
ly simple and efficient, cuts one-tentn
of the stream and by such successive
reriuftinna the entire volume of 2400
tons per day is accurately sampled.
each variety or .ore being separately
treated and for every 100 tons there
results a sanrnle of 100 lbs., which is
sent to the bucking room. It is re
duced there to a proper size for the
assay ofifce hy the usual series of gy-
ratories, coffee-mill crushers, and disc-
grinders. Although every ton of ore
entering the smelter passes through
the mill and is samDled. there is a by
pass after the first sampler by means
of which ore suitable for bedding can
go direct to the beds. The' coarser
crushing is done by four 10 by 20-in.
Blake crushers made by the Power
& Mining Machinery company, lne
final reduction of the ore to V inch
size Is effected in two Symons vertical
disc-crushers, each of which has a ca
pacity of 50 tons per hour. Through
out the plant trommels are used for
screening.
From the sampling wqrks conveyor
belts take the coarse ore to the Mea
slier beds, the fine silicious ore to
bins in the reverberatory department.
the fine sulphide ore to tne roasters,
while the calcine from the roasters
in transported bv electrically-CDerated
trains of larries to the reverberatory
charging bins. The roasting practice
has been dwelt upon in a previous
article describing the sulphuric-acid
plant. The furnace used is the latest
design of the Herreshoff, built by the
Pacific boundary company of San
Francisco. Each furnace has six
hearths, exclusive of the drying-pan.
20 feet, 2 inches inside diameter, and
21 feet. 7 1-4 inches over all. It may
be well to recall the fact that, of the
24 Herreshoff furnaces, only 5 are
running "closed." that is, with the gas
riisrharee muffled by being sent
through flues into the dust-chamber
and thence through the nitre house.
Glover tower and acid chambers. The
remaining 19 are running "open." the
gasses. which carry from 1 to 1.8 per
cent of the weight of the charge, pass
ing through a dust chamber 140 feet
long and 60 by 29V4 feet in vertical
section, on their way to the stack
Th walls of the dust-chamber are built
of hollow tile. A baffle-wall Is placed
near the front and rear of the cham
ber. The ore for roasting does not
need to be reduced to Vt inch, since
disintegration on the hearths brings
It down to proper size. About 25 to 30
per cent or the ore for the "open" fur
nace will remain on a y, inch screen.
In the ore roasted In the "closed"
furnaces the sulphur content is main
tained a little hieher. although the
difference usually does not exceed 3
to 5 per cent The average is about
29 per cent sulphur. Owing to the
coarseness of the material a consider
able amount of "kernel roasting" is
done. The calcine issues from the
"open" furnaces with about 10 per
cent sulphur as against 13 per cent
from those connected to the acid
plant. The capacities of the "open"
and the "closed" furnaces are respect
ively 90 and 70 tons each per diem, al-
ihmiirh the "onen" furnaces can be
driven to the extent of handling 125
tons.
The official figures regarding the
blast furnaces are also given. As
previously stated, there are two furn
aces of the long pattern rirst develop
ed in practice by E. P. Matthewson.
though it had long been pointed out
by metalurglsts that there was no
necessary limit to the length or a rect
angular furnace for copper smelting.
At the Calumet & Arizona plant they
are 40 feet long by 48 inches wide at
fie tuyeres. There are 64 tuyeres. 4Vfc
Inches diameter, and the elevation
rrom the tuyere line to the feed floor
(Continued on Page Two)
SILVER-LEAD
GREAT DEMAND
AT IS TIME
Famine in Two Metals Exists,
Making Camps . Possessing
These Attractive Paces for
Miners
The great need today for silver,
lead, gold and other precious metals
is unprecedented In the history of the
world.
Never before has there been such a
demand for these metals as prevails
at this 'time.
The need for these metals, by the
allies, to carry the war to a success
ful conclusion means added produc
tion; it means increased effort on the
part of the producer; it means that
the search for these metals will go
on with greater zeal than ever in the
history of mining.
The government has just announced
the set price lor silver, namely $1.01
per ounce. There are predictions that
the price of silver will even be
greater.
Today there exists a famine in the
lead market. Eastern dealers are
clamouring to secure lead. The gov
ernment is about to set a market
price for lead and there is every rea
son to believe that the price will be
the highest ever quoted.
Silver mines are coming Into their
own. The development or silver and
lead properties is going on with great
vigor.
Arizona has some or the most won
derrul silver mines in the country,
Oklahoma has lately cpme to the rront
with some valuable silver lead mines.
Nevada has always been known as the
"Silver State." For fifty-seven years
Nevada has produced vast amounts of
silver and gold.
Right close to the Nevada line, but
on the California side, there is a sil
ver aild lead deposit that is immense
ly rich with pay ore and if the word of
the California miner counts for any
thing, what is known as the White
Mountain Silver Camp will soon be
heralded as one of the greatest silver
lead camps in the west.
The White Mountain Silver camp is
located in the White mountains a
country famous ror its producers of
lead and silver.
Due to the crying need for these
metals number of the old producers
in the White mountain camp have
been re-opened.
The famous Bunker Hill mine, in
this camp, has been fully financed by
private capital and shipments are
being made as fast as the ore can be
extracted.
The development or the Bunker Hill
mine led to the discovery or the Jum
bo mine, with its rich vein or silver
lead.
The White Mountain Silver Mining
company is developing the Jumbo
mine, and through the interests asso
ciated with that company the White
Mountain Silver camp has received
recognition ana eyes nre mnicu uu
that field to add to the production so,
sorely needed at this time.
No other than the noted Capt. Geo.
D. Stonestreet. M. E., the mining engi
neer chosen by the British govern
ment to act as inspector or the mines
in the Transvaal, is president or the
White Mountain Silver Mining com
pany. The name or Captain Stonestreet is
known to every mining man or note.
Captain Stonestreet has made a
caretul report and analysis on the
property or die White Mountain Sil
ver Mining company and it is his
(Continued on I-ace Two)
The Cost
The mind of the ordinary lnyman
meant by the more or less indefinite
of copper, for to the average person
, . i,Aon
Bents a larBe uuiic uyC1 mmu mi., ......... ...
. . ww.. n.i. IK., i.. .nin,ni n lh dinner mines tf- i
price oi copper, mo wimniuu "i i vum. --" ;
day, however, is reflected in a report recently Issued by the Utah Copper
company where they show a cost of fifteen and a fourth cents per pound
to pe 92.000.000ypounds of copper the first half of 1918. The Utah
Copper company probably has as cheap working costs as any company In
the country and has conditions which make their costs very low. They
Tn In o nn ft vprv
large scale, khu
However, in 1916 the company produced 187.000.Ooo pounds of copper
at a cost or 6.95 cents per pound. Here is an increase or over 100 per cent,
the result of war taxes, higher wages, and increased cost of materials of
all kinds The report just issued for the second quarter of this year
states that when the full effect or the higher freight rates, the 60 per cent
raise in refining tolls, and the July 1st wage increase is felt, there will be
another Jump of more than two cents a pound, which w ill increase the cost
to about seventeen and a half cents. The Utah Copper company finds it
necessary to set aside for taxes 3.231 cents for each pound of copper
mined. . ..
The margin of profit of the Utah Copper company for 191S was 19.22
ceuts per pound, which dropped to 13.23 cents in 1917 and to 8.50 cents per
pound, estimated, in 1918.
While the situation as it refers to the Utah company is not serious, as
it shows a considerable margin of profit, it can be readily seen that the
situation in many of the copper mines Is serious, mines without the favor
able conditions enjoyed at Utah, for present high wages, increased
freight rates, and heavier tolls for smelting and refining will eat heavily
into their pre-war surplus.
GOMPERS SAYS
EXAMINATION
IS NECESSARY
Recommends to Secretary of
Labor Medical Inspection
for All Men Hired by the
Nation
Samuel Gompers. chairman or the
committee on labor, has recommended
to Secy. William B. Wilson or the de
partment or labor, that medical ex
amination of applicants be made one
of the functions or the government
labor recruiting agency, reports the
government official bulletin of August
13th. This recommendation was the
outcome of a conference held in New
York July lath, and embodies the con
sensus or opinion by experts on the
subject representing the laborers, in
dustrial physicians, and public health
workers. The resolution stated that it
was the sense of the conference that
a physical examination of workers is
primarily a measure of health conser
vation and also essential to maximum
production, a war necessity, in that
the purpose of a medical examination
is not to eliminate the worker from in
dustrial service, but to adapt him to
the work for which he is physically
fitted.
The standard examiantion card ap
pears to conform closely with the ex
amination card that has been in use
for some years by some of the mining
companies or Arizona, including the
Copper Queen branch of the Phelps
Dodge corporation, the Calumet &
Arizona Mining company and the Shat
tuck Mining company, all operating in
the Warren district. It deals with
such subjects as laboratory diagnosis,
general deformities, malnutrition and
glands, diseases or the eye, ear, nose,
throat, lungs, heart, nerves and such
general matters as hernia, hemor
rhoids and evidences or acute venereal
diseases.
Without a doubt a general physical
examination would prove extremely
beneficial to industry. Indicating the
possibilities in the plan, Mr. Gompers
said :
"There can be no question as to the
wonderful effects such a movement as
! here proposed will bring about. It isjehased back toward the Somme and
only a matter of time and education i now some of the peaceful residents
before employers throughout the coun- j who had been refugees for months are
try will come under the rule that the j creeping back. Today street after
people generally should be examined ; street throughout the city was entlre
physically, and that the examination i ly deserted but here and there the in
should be standardized. evitable little old woman who would
The experience of the companies of j not lave her home would come to her
the Warren district with the physical j bomb or shell splintered doorway r.s
examination is that it has without a
doubt led to very improved conditions
of health, fewer accidents, and a gen
eral improvement in the physical
calibre of workmen, due to the fact
that curative methods are maintained I years in the hsadow of a city, on their
and applicants for work can be made I way to mass in the great cathedral
physically better men by doing work j0f Notre Dame which, despite the dam
suited to their physical condition. The i age from German guns and bom&s. re
purpose of the examination of these I tain the title of the most beautiful in
companies, as stated by Gompers to'an France.
be the right ore, is not the elimina-1 The service was to celebrate the de
tion of the unht, but the placing or Uverance ort he city rrom the Germans
men In occupations where they can do
Wt . ,ho,.oKn nH fnr ih.
fc f h h c Queen
branch has rejected but sixty-eight
men out or 2300 applicants during the
last six months, indicates this very
clearly.
The policies or the companies or the
Warren district In roreseeing commun
ity needs and improvements has work
ed out well in the case or the physical
examination of employees, and while
there is some opposition to it, it is gen
erally conceded by the men at the
present time to be beneficial to them.
The move of the federal government in
making the physical examination uni
versal is to be commended.
of Copper
does not fully appreciate what is
statements made of the rising cost
copper at twenty-six cents repre-
, -hwYi fa i.nnulilprpil the normal
pn-nm pu,t-, itmniit,
PATAGONIA
M PRO
AFTER SILVER AND LEAD
NUMEROUS PROPERTIES AT WORK WHILE MINING AND MILLING
MACHINERY IS STREAMING INTO DISTRICT TO INCREASE OUT
PUT OF TWO METALS GREATLY NEEDED BY WORLD FLUX
PROPERTY IN WHICH BISBEE CAPITAL IS INTERESTED WORKING
GOOD FORCE MUCH MANGAN ESE BEING MINED IN DISTRICT
Silver, lead and manganese, all metals vital to the country at the pres
ent time, are being mined on a more extensive scale in the districts sur
rounding Patagonia than ever before in their history, according to John M.
McGregor of this city, who has returned from a visit to the Flux mine, in
which Bisbee capital is interested. Many prospectors are in the hills sur
rounding Patagonia, while almost every property offering merit leading
to belief that it can be successfully developed, either is at work now. or
soon will be opened.
M. J. Elsing left Bisbee during the week for the Flux mine ror the pur
pose or making an extensive examination or its ore bodies in conjunction
with the new 200 ton mill on the property, to see what should be done to
guarantee the mill fu'.l capacity run. The water situation in the district has
been bad and in operating the Flux mill as well as others in the district,
this has occasioned some trouble. However, two heavy rains that fell re
cently have relieved this situation to such extent that streams are running.
Another deterrent feature in operation or the Flux mill to capacity was
the drafting for military service or four of the men employed in it. who are
hard to replace at present. Miner troubles in adjustment of mill machinery
meet the needs of the ore have cropped up from time to time In the little
more than a month since its operation started. For instance the oil first
shipped in proved too light for operation or the flotation process necessary
to extract high percentage of values from ores. This has been corrected
in great measure, though. In every other way the mill is operating nicely.
Because of running short handed it has been running twelve hours instead
of the full twenty-four, but the output has been maintained around 125
tons per day.
City of Amiens
Repopulated
WITH THE ERITISH ARMY IN
FRANCE. Aug. 16 (By the Associated
Press). -Amiens, which has been the
"dead city cf Picardy" since its popu
lation of about 150.000 including 40,000
refugees, fled before the crest of the
German offensive last spring, is com
ing to life again.
- The menace of the invader has gone
for the invader himself has been
vehicles passed.
These vehicles carried men. some
times officers and soldiers of Great
Britain. France or the United States.
sometimes civilians who have lived for
ana thanks were given to the allied
arms which accomplished the delivery.
But the group gathered in the cathe
dral itself showed that Amiens was
coming back to life, for in addition to
the khaki and the horizon blue of the
wounded British and French soldiers,
there was quite a sprinkling of the
darker shades of civilian clothes. Most
of those wearing the latter had re
turned to the city since the enemy was
thrown back.
Before the altar, surrounded with
red. white and blue flags of Great Bri
tain, France and the United States,
and with the assistance or a choir
formed or French soldiers, mass was
celebrated. From the pulpit a priest
eloquently told his parish, sitting
among sand bags and debris, the hls-
jtory of the cathedral.
The voices of the choir, accompanied
'by the soft strains of the organ and of
violins played by soldiers, carried not
'only throughout the cathedral, but well
into the streets of the maimed city
Uhrnnph th nnen window snacea and
holes torn in the walls by explosives
, firrmans
nuneo. vy 1-1H lit riiwiis.
Th , broken here dated bark to
I Jb fjl6
the fourteenth century "u"a,e'V
:JYhew?n5
from the w indows i n tl rne to , .aw U
,T " ' e ono rful
statuary,
of bishops dating back to the thir
teenth century and the laree number
or priceless paintings and interior dec
orations. One of the famous paintlnz?
was damaged. That was cut across
the center by debris sent flying
through the splendid roof. Pieces of
the projectile chipped the columns of
the edifice and also the old marble
group of the Holy Family, which for
Isonie reason had not been removed
In the city itself the houses every -
where show signs of the German bom
bardment. Seme windows are without
glass. Some houses are merely marked
by shell contact, while others bear
great, gaping holes in their sides,
through which are revealed the inter
iors in some of which the covers are
still on the tables, pictures on the
FIELD FILLED
P CTORS GONG
At the Mowrey mine extensive de
velopments is underway. This prop
erty, which is the most historic one
in that section, having been used to
produce lead for the Confederate
army during the Civil war. recent
ly was bonded to a group of capitalists
in Montana. The amount of the bond
is not made public but it is known
that one clause of the contract was
that a 40 foot double compartment
shaft must be sunk in the course of
developments as the first step. This
working is going down rapidly, the
sump having reached a depth of about
340 feet.
The World Fair mine is installing a
mill reported to be of 150 tons capac
ity, and getting ready to go to work
on a large scale.
The Duquesne mine also Is install
ing machinery, but with the intention
of more fully developing its ore bod
ies. Among machinery received and
in course of installation are a double
drum hoist and a large compressor.
The Three R people are making
about 300 tons of concentrates every
month. This property has developed
its new water supply, a three inch line
bringing water from the Sonoita river
to the mill traversing a distance or
four and a half miles. The water
supply is plentiful for all present
needs of the plant.
A large amount of manganese ore is
being produced in the vicinity of Pa
tagonia. About five carloads a week
is the total now shipped out rrom Pa
tagonia station. Most of it is concen
trated in the mills of the Hardshell
and Harshaw districts, both of which
adjoin the town.
walls, and curtains flapping in the
breeze.
Amjens is still "the dead city of
Picardy." and the temptiness of its
shops, buildings, dwellings, streets and
markets has a depressing effect But
Amiens is coming to life again. That
was evident at mass in the cathedral
today.
Tuf son Five Mexican laborers, four
men and a woman, who have been
imported from Mexico by the Southern
Pacific railroad for construction work,
went on a strike a'ter they had been
at work for three hours and refused
to work any more. They were brouif.it
to the city and locked irp at the ci:y
jail for tonight. They will be deported
to Mexico today.
The railroad gives bond for every
Mexican imported under the usp?n
sion of the immigration laws and is re
sponsible for their return to Mexico.
Tills is the second group of imported
laborers that has refused to work af
ter having been brought over the line.
Imported labor from Mexico baa not
provfn very satisfactory, either in in
dustrial or agricultural work. Many
have been dertorted bv the immigration
sen ice here for violating th terms of
(be eontrart under which they were
Imported.
Pilot nix Prof. Iiper is coing to
Gila Band Tuesday to arrange for tho
establishment of a Red Cross canteen
there. !fe will confer with the Gila
Bend auxiliary in regard to the order
recently issued from the Red Cross
hed'iuartcrs in San Francisco to the
1 effect that a canteen must be arranced
at this point on the Southern Pacific
to Five some sort of attention rnd
service to the soldier boys passing
throush, as the distance from the can
teen at Yuma to that at Tucson is
too far for them to go without reciv
ine some attention from the Red
Cross. THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 1, 1918.
Mining and Financial News
BY REVIEW LEASED WIRE
NEW YORK, Aug. 31. Contrary ta tlicate a month's shrinkage of 405,000.
pYiiM tuiimm haseri mi the imnending i 000 bushels.
holiday, today's short session of the Much of the trading was to even up
stock market developed considerable;' accounts over the double holiday Sun-
activity and strength after its leth-1 day and Labor day. Oats were firm
areic opening. early with corn, but declined later on
United States Steel was hesitant at ! a private estimate that the crop at
the outset, but got into its stride later, present indicates 72.0C0J3OO bushels in
rising to 111$4, a net gain of 1 excess of the government's August
points. Allowing for the recent reg
ular and extra dividends of 4Vi per
cent, Stee! approximated its maximum
of the year.
Specialties and related stocks of
pool origin were less in evidence.
Sales amounted to 170,000 shares.
Aside from another marked contrac
tion of actual loans, the third succes
sive reduction, the weekly bank state
ment disclosed no unusual shifting of
money in connection ith September
interest and divided payments.
There was an extensive inquiry for
calculations. No. 3 white oats at 2Vi
and standard at 1 under October.
Provisions were dull and worked a
Iittie lower, despite higher hogs. Pork
closed 25 to 27c under yesterday
lard, 2hz to 7c down, and rigs 5c
lower.
(L. J. OVERLOOK, Broker)
Closing Quotations, Aug. 31, 1918
NEW YORK.
Anaconda 6S
American Can 47
American Car 85
bonds, mainly the international group, ! American Locomotive 66
which again reflected the strength of
foreign exchange. Tctal sales, par
value, aggregated $3,925,000. Od
I'nited States bonds were unaltered
on call for the week.
WEEKLY FINANCE REVIEW.
(Ey Review Leased Wire)
NEW YORK, Aug. 31. Pronounced
American Sugar Ill
American Beet Sugar 70
Baldwin 93
BUhleheni Steel (B) 85
C. & O 58
Canadian Pacific 164
Central Leather 70
Crucible Steel 68 &
Distil iers' Securities 58
Erie
15
increase of activity, accompanied in j Manne 28?g
the main by rising quotations, char-1 Marine, Pfd 1034
acterized the week In the securities Midvale 534
market. Dealers In all high grade : Mexican Petroleum 100
issues reported a decided accession j New York Central 74
of demand from investors. j Northern Pacific 9014
The advance, it was generally be-.Reading 91
lieved, would have attained very sub-1 Rubber 63
stantial dimensions but for the further j Rep. steel 92"
earnest admonitions issued by those 'Steel 111
in control of the money market.
St. Paul 611
One of the most impressive devel- Southern Pacific 87Vs
cpments of the week, sharing in im-J Texas Oil 153
portance with the stirring war news, jlmoa Pacific 129
was the remarkable financial showing
of many leading railway systems for
July.
Another interesting development
which measured the progress of mili
tary events along the western front
was the strength of exchange to all
the allied countries, notably France.
There was an insistent inquiry for
bills on Paris, the rate mounting to
the highest figure in over three years.
The new political attitude of neutral
European countries was the subject
of optimistic comment in internation
al banking circles.
CLEARING HOUSE REPORT.
NEW YORK. Aug. 31. The actual
condition of clearing house banks and
trust companies for the week shows
they hold $55,327,750 in excess of legal ' Keweenaw
United Motors 324
U. S. Smelters 42
BOSTON.
Adventure 60
AUouez 50
Alaska 314
American Zinc 1714
Arizona Com 15
C. & A 68
Calumet & Heda 460
Calumet Range 46
Chino 39
East Butte 10
Granby 80
G. Can 45
Goldfield 20
Hancock 6
Indiana 50)
Inspiration 53
80
requirements. This is a decrease of
$4,C27.4S0 from last week.
CAS H RESERVE INCREASE.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 31. Increase
cf $34,500,000 in holding of discounted
bills and of $11,700,000 in cash re
serves, accompanied by increase of ' old Dominion
about $60,000,000 in federal reserve nseeola 51
Lake j 5
La Salle 2V4
Miami ,. 2814
Mohawk 61
Mayflower 214
North Butte 144
Nipissing 8
Nevada 20
39
note circulation, are shown by the
federal reserve board's weekly finan
cial statement showing .the condition
of the twelve banks at the close of
business last night.
GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO. Aug. 31. A bullish erop
report by the expert of a big broker
ice nouse injected a bit of variety into
the day's news as affecting the corn
market today, and while it boosted
the price for a brief period, it was
inadequate to stem the tide of bear
ishni ss and the bulk of the moderate
business was done at prices under
yesterday's close. The net loss for
he day was , with October closing
at $l.55Ms- The private report made
the crop condition 64.8, as compared
with 7a a month ago. This would hv
Pond Creek 18
Quincy '. 68
Ray Con 246
Shattuck 15
Shannon 3
Sup. Boston
St. Marys 50
Utah Copper 8314
Utah Con
CURBS.
Arkansas & Arizona 7
Arizona Bing 514
Arizona Silver King '4
Big Ledge
Butte & London 15
Calumet & Jerome
Ccrnelia 18
Con. Arizona 1
Con. Copper 514
Curtiss 36
Denn 1814
Dundee
Emma 5
Federal Oil I'-i
Gadsden 2
Green Monster ?
Grand Island 12
Globe Dom U
Hull 55
Howe Sound 4 '4
Hecla 47s
Jerome Verde 4
Jerome Victor 'a
Magma Copper 32
Magma Chief 3-16
Miami Con 2
Okmulgee 2
Pitts-Jerome 36
Porphyry 50
Ray Hercules 4
Tom Reed 146V4
Tuolumne . . 1
United Eastern 3
Verde Extension 37
Verde Com 14
Wolverine Arizona 1
West End 1
White 24
Wright Martin 814
NEBRASKA JUDGE
Hon. B. F. Whittington Has
Gained Twenty Pounds
By Taking Tanlac
OATMAN
(By Colli" and Brrtnerton)
Bid
Argo 414
Adams
Arizona Rex -
Arizona Tom R 02
Big Jim. Con 05
Boundary Cone
Gold Ore 05
Gold Reed
Gold Cliff
Lucky Boy
Sunnyside 02
Telluride 05
Tom Reed 1.46
United Eastern 03
United Western 14
rm drum with a J
IIIMIIIIIIIIWIIIIIIHM J
Sold Everywhere, in Bottles Only
i
L. J. OVERLOOK, BROKER
Correspondents: Paine, Weber 4. Co., Boston, Duluth, Calumet.
LOGAN A BRYAN. NEW YORK AND CHICAGO
SPECIAL ATTENTION GiVEN COPPER STOCK
OTHER CURBS
Gadsden
Green Monster
Butte London
Dundee
Venture Hill
Pitts-Jerome
Jerome Verde
Ark-Arizona
Jerome Portland
Ins-Needle
Hull Copper
Magma Chief
Wolv.-Arizona
Miami Mother Lode . . .
Verde Combination . . .
Bisbee Copper
Miami Consolidated . .
Great Ray
Nacrzari Cor.sob.-'ated
Jerome Daisy
Con. Copper
Porp'-yry
Cal. & Jerome
Feather River
2.62
.37
.15
.75
.36
.50
.07
.06
.55
.18
1.65
14 U
.50
.02
5.12
.60
.94
Ask
.05
.0
.15
.05
.07
.02
.06
.05
.15
.03
.03
.06
1.48
037i
.10
2.7
.50
.17
1.00
.04
.40
.56
.08
.17
.12
.57
.25
1.75
.50
.62
.25
.05
.45
35
.50
5.25
.65
1.00
12
BUILT BY MASTERS
C & A. SMELTER IDEAL
IN ALL FUNCTIONS
(Continued from Pare On)
is 16 feet, 414 Inches. Exclusive of
coke, the charge fed per furnace
amounts to 996 tons per day, requir
ing 44,169 cubic feet of free air per
minute, equivalent- to 68,645 cubic
feet per dry ton, the blast being sup
plied at a pressure of 27 ounces. The
coke used is 12.7 per cent and the dry
tons of ore on the charge amounts to
89.7 per cent. The flue-dust produced
Is 3.4 per cent of the total dry charge.
There are four all being 100 feet
long, and 19 feet wide. The furnace
erected upon a deep foundation ot
Doured slag. On this comes a 4 in
layer of tamped fire clay, followed by
12 inches of crushed quartz under the
matte-bay, and 21 inches under the re
mainder of the furnace , hearth, the
matte-bay being 20 feet long. The 21
inch I-beams, to take up the thrust
at the rear of the furnace, are anchor
ed securely by 2 Inch rods with 10
inch plates at the end. laid in the
poured slag. The expansion joints,
which are three in number, and are
spaced about 18 feet center to center,
are breaks in the arch 7 inches wide
at the key line, and tapering to a
fraction of an inch at the walls. There
are 42 fettle holes on each side, 6 by
6 inches in size and spaced 2 feet
apart from center to center, open
through the arch close to the inner
wall. The advantage of fettle-feeding,
with details have already ben dis
cussed in connection with the smelting
ing practice at the plant of the Kansas
City Smelting & Refining company at
EI Paso, in the Mining and Scientific
Press of May 25, 1918. The protec
tion given to the walls is better than
when fettling is employed in the old
way, and the limits of the bath are
more flexible. Thus a better adjust
ment to smelting conditions is pos
sible than when the bath is held to
rigid lines.
The matte-bay is an interesting de
tail, especially with regard to the ex
pansion of the bath when side-charging
is employed. It hints at condi
tions not unlike that would obtain
by the enclosure of what is essentally
a fore-hearth within the reverberutory
itself. This has been the subject of
direct experiment elsewhere. The out
ccme of these experiments will be
watched with interest. The object is
to grade the matte, and to permit of
a continuous discharge of slag, Irom
which the matte may be settled more
perfectly than under the old system.
One problem, however, is the invari
ability of the arch-temperature. Pe
riodic cooling, at the tisnrs of sir.;
skimming and of charging, tend to pro
long the life of the arch. Indeed, in
side charging much of that advantage
is sacrificed, and even the. ford gen
erally contributes heat slii'e the cus
tom prevails, at most, plant where
side-charging is practiced, ot bringing
the calcine from the roasting furnace?
to the revcrberatories as tiot a; pos
sible. The idea of including the set
tler within the furnace suggests the
probability of greater fuel-economy. It
must be understord that l'ie reference
here is merely t" t'ie tendency of the
bath to widen, forming a on jm u
ous vir.ha ynien; , ,is as explained
r.ure fully in discussing the revet her
tscry piartice at tiie F.I Paso s!i.eer.
At Gre4t Falls a foi e-heai f h is jpp'.iel
to tht ie erbel i!i y. jilj-eJ citbi'Ie as
is doue at the blast furnace; this
gives nearly the same advantage In f
restricting heat losses. With side'
charging a much more uniform state
of the bath can be maintained, as I MRU CHnODCTO IT
there is no periodic disturbance frcinl, hUll LTlLIUriwuO II
urawing uown anu aaaing cnarges oi
fresh ore. Side charging naturally
suggests taking fuller advantage ol
uninterrupted smelting, and that
leads to a consideration of the benefits
that may accrue from a continuous
discharge of the products of fusion.
There is probably no great difference
between the total heat loss in the two
methods. It will be interesting, when
sufficient definite figures from a num
ber of plants become available for the
purpose, to work out the balance of
cost between the two systems, taking
into account the Bmeltiug capacity per
campaign, giving proper credit for
the larger heat recovery per unit of
copper produced by side charging.
At the Calumet & Arizona the charge
going to the reverberatories Is cold,
consisting of silicious ores. As the
revcrberatories are new operated ai
this plant high sulphur ore is used as
a cleaner preparatory to skimming. It
has been proposed by some metallurg
ists to employ super-heating at the
slag end of the furnace before skim
ming, for which purpose auxiliary
burners on the side would be requisite.
At the time of my visit each of the
furnaces ' in the plant was treating
400 tons per day, exclusive of con
verter slag, but recent charges have
increased this to 700 tons. At El Paso
also the smelting capacity was great
ly augmented with altering the struc
tural details of the furnace. This in
crease in smelting capacity is the re
sult of a more perfect combustion of
the fuel oil close to the firing end,
which in turn limits the smelting zone
to approximately the same limits. The
charging accordingly is not carried so
far toward the front of the furnace,
leaving the remainder of the hearth to
constitute a pool in which the matte
separates more perfectly from the
slag. The distribution of heat under
this system is satisfactory as under
the old system where a longer flanu.
was used, and the more perfect com
bustion results in securing the requis
ite heat with a reduced quantity of
fuel. The advantage is conspicuous
when firing is done with oil, but it
appears to be even greater when pow
dered coal Is employed.
The converter slag returned to the
reverberatories, at the Calumet & Ari
zona plant, averages about 500 tons
per day; it is poured into the furnaces
in a molten condition and assays about
3.25 per cent copper.
The copper in the reverberator
charge is from 5:16 to 5.40 per cent.
The official statement of the com
pany gives the consumption of fuel oil
per ton of total charge as 0.752 bbl.
Steam recovered frcm the waste-heat
runs a credit to the reverberatory of
0.29S bbl. per ton of charge, leaving
434 chargeable exclusively to smelting.
These figures have been reduced to an
average of 0.719 bbl. of oil burned per
ton of total charge; a steam-credit of
0.303, and a net consumption, charge
able against the ore smelted, of 0.416
bbl. A Californian asphalt-base oil. of
23 degrees Baume. having a heating
value of 19,000 B. t. u., is used. The
elimination ., of sulphur from the
charge by volatilization during smelt
ing is about 27 per cent of the total
in the ore fed. The reverberatories
and the blast-furnaces are at the op
posite ends of the same structure, and
are parallel to the converter building,
so that the matte from both is deliver
ed into ladles within the adjacent con
verter plant, and within reach of the
cranes.
There are six converter stands,
mounting 12 feet basic lined convert
ers of the Great Falls type. Two ex
tra shells are kept on hand'to facili
tate repairs. The silica is fed into
the converters through pipes leading
from overhead bins. The matte is
blown to blister containing on an aver
age 99.1a per cent copper, it is cast
Into ingots of 300 lb. each, being
poured from 160 cu. fet. cast steel lad
les into molds in a straight line cast
ing machine. The ingots are shipped
to the Nichols Copper company at
Laurel Hill, New York. The conver
ter-scrap is handled back to the con
verters, with the exception of the
skulls. These are broken in a Mc
Gregor skull-breakjer, and are then
sent to the blast turnace beds. The
amount of broken skulls is about 150
tons per day, and assays 10 per cent
copper.
The roaster stack is separated from
all others. It is 20 feet in diamater
und 279 feet high. The dust recovered
in the roaster dust-chamber amounts
to 22 tons daily and contains about
5.6 per cent copper, 0.3 per cent lead,
3.3 per cent; zinc, 3 ounces silver and
0.06 ounces .gold per ton. From the
dust chamber in the flow line of the
acid plant tjwo tons per day of sim
ilar product are collected. The con
verter gases, amounting to 240.000
cubic feet per minute sJiow a moder
ate stack loss in dust containing ap
proximately 'IS per cent copper 34 per
cent lead, 9.5 per cent zinc with 11.5
oz. silver and 0.0S6 oz. gold per ton.
it is probable that a Cottrell treater
will be installed to recover this dust.
The general superintendent of the Ci'l
umet & Arizona smelter is H. A.
Clark, and the metallurgist in charge
cf smelting operations is Carl It. Cole.
One of the distinguishing features of
the introduction of Tanlac throughout
the country is the large number of
prominent men who have feit it their
duty to disregard precedent and come
forward with their unqualified en
dorsements of the medicine because of
the benefits they have derived from
its use.
The latest addition to the list of
prominent endorsers is the name of
Hon. Benjamin F. Whittington. judge
of the Rolston court. South Omaha,
Neb. In relating his experience with
Tanlac Judge Whittington said:
"The results of Tanlac 1n my case
certainly seems wonderful to me. Be
fore I began taking it my health was
broken in many ways, and I did not
know which way to turn for relief. My
liver was all out cf fix, I was habitu
ally constipated, and bilious. I was so
frightfully dizzy most of the time that
I could not stoop over for fear of fall
ing, y kidneys were all out of order, '
and in bad shape, and I had fearful ;
pains in the small of my back. My
appetite seemed to b efairly good,
that is I could eat, but my food did :
not Seem to be properly assimilated. !
Sleep failed to rest me, and I felt tired
languid and wornout all the time. 1 :
was pale, and not only felt badly but
looked that way. I had been in this ,
condition for a year, and was becom-;
lng badly worried because nothing
seemed to reach my case. i
"I had fallen off twenty pounds in ,
weight, as a result of my troubles, biu
I have gained it all back by using Tan-;
lac and have never felt better in my
life. I decided ftom what I read in
the papers about it to try it. and 1 felt
a new man before I finished my first
bottle. So I went right back for an-1
other and so on until I took five bot- i
ties, and now 1 haven't an ache or pain
and am feeling great. Ami eat, my
gracious! I eat like a farm hand, all I j
can get. I never saw anything like
it. I sleep like a log, and get up la :
the mornings thoroughly refreshed !
and feel brim full of energy all ady
long. All the time I was taking Tan
lac I was doing three men's work, and
improving at the same time. Now this
is just what Tanlac has done for me, :
and I gladly give this statement for ;
what it may be worth to others who j
are trying to find relief."
Tanlac is sold in Bisbee by J. M. '
Ball, in Douglas by Douglas Drug com-!
pany, in Paradise by G. A. Walker. i;i
Bowie by Bowie Drug company, in Sun
Simon by J. B. Cooke, in Willcox by
A. A. Nicholson, in"I.ovvell by Loweh
Drug company, in Biiou by C. F
Moss Pharmacy, :n Gleeson by B. A.
Taylor, and in Warren by Warren
Drug company.
Registered Bonds
Third Liberty Loan Are
Now Ready for
Delivery
1 iiMW
"StL -MS W V? i .'- -..r-."W'5..
PAINTS
Cf A GOOD paint is worth what you have to pay for
it and a POOR PAINT is worth nothing at any price.
Mountain and Plain Paint
is the best that is made and every gallon of it is abso
lutely guaranteed by US, and the price is no more.
CJ Also SPENCER KELLOG Pure Linseed oil, none
better.
Gibson-Hines Lumber Co.
J. W.F.SMITH DL QQ
Manager Thone 55
KEEP OFF PARALYSIS
" ANO HARDENED ARTERIES
"Alteratives which change by some
inexplicable manner certain morbid
conditions of the system are of great
benefit in nervous diseases, in paraly
sis, arteriosclerosis, glandular tuber
cles, lupus, fistulous pnd carious
ulcers." Dr. Mason, in V. S. Dispen
satory. "Number 40 For The Blood"
contains all the alteratives alluded to
in the above and is therefore indicated
in paralysis, arterio-sclerosis, scrofula,
chronic rheumatism, nodes, tumors,
lupus and all diseases of the blcod.
Also in constipation, hepatic conges
tions, dyspepsia and stomach troubles. I
Try it. !
Sold by Central Pharmacy. Bisbee, 1
Ariz.; Lowell Drug Co., Lowell, Ariz. 1
BARRETT
Ever-Lastic
OOlill
See advertisement on inside cover of Si
Post of August 3. We have a full
ituriiay Lvenmg
car in stock.
Bisbee Lumber Co. inc.
EMIL MARKS, Mgr. Lowell Car Stop PHONE 25
Attention Cattlemen
WANTED
Fat Cattle for Slaughtering
GIVE CLASS, LOCATlONar.d TIME OF DELIVERY
Address
E. A. TOVREA & CO., Bisbee, Ariz.
Gas Fired Water Heater
For Attaching
:to Yout
Range Boiler
SILVER LEAD IN
GREAT DEMAND j
AT THIS TIME
'Continued from Fae On.)
one of the richest 1
opinion that it is
mines in the wrsf.
Chemically pure lead ij figured at !
S4 per cent This means thai M per j
cent lead ore is 1"" per cent load. In
this connection it is iintewnrihy that
77 per cent lead per ton was samp!":! I
ftom the Jumbo uitiio on the White
.Mountain Silver Mining company's
property and silver values as h if; li as
Y. per ton were clitaiti'il.
i i ( ;n - - I ' ii it d K.t:;lern has dec lar-:
ill Ihi H-iil:r monthly it i v )1 -li l ol ."
i iMil.i )ier : hare. It is pei teil thdl
ti e (arniims July will he the s.inii
-: ito-fc thoso oT J':a, fceiduse the j
vtt't.iu. ale ctn'iuu.n :u the same)
11- h tudy of ore.
Picvides abundant supply of
hot water at reasonable cost.
Call at our store and aslc for
demonstration, or make re
iurst f-r representative to call
upon you.
I': t
?
r
v ; fx
hi : i fc-a .
Bisbee imorovement Co.
i THREE
News of Social Circles
A very pleasant outing was enjoyed
Friday by the sisters of Loretto school
and the boarders. Tbey left in the
morning in automobiles for Sycamore
Grove and returned in the early part
cf the evening. The occasion was in
honor of Sisters Hose, Teresa and Mil-
licent. who have just arrived in this
city from the east to teach at Loretto
the coming year.
tt? i
Mrs. M. E. T. English returned to
Bisbee Saturday from Pan Antonio,
Texas, where she has been for the
summer and will resume her duties
here, opening her studio in a few
Mrs. J. A. Berner, owner of the Ber-
tier resort in the Huachuea mountains
has as his guests his daughter, Mrs
Lillie Hood, and family, of Sedalia,
Mo. They expect to remain with him
for the winter. Mr. Berner has been
ill for the past year, but he says the
arrival of his daughter and her family
have added ten years to his life.
8? iS: !S
The Presbyterian league will meet
in the church parlors Wednesday aft
ernoon at 2:30. Mrs. Thomas and Mrs.
Alvin will be hostesses.
Mr. TV. F. Cowan and Miss Venitia
Pose, school teacher in the Bisbee
schools, were quietly married Wednes
day at the home of Miss Rose fn Tomb
stone Canyon. Rev. Father Mandin
officiated. Only the families of the
bride and bridegroom were present,
and a few close friends. Miss Frances
Cowan and Miss Effie Alexander and
Mr. C. Stetacket were witnesses, Mr.
Frank Cobbe acting as best man. The
bridal couple will live with Mr. Cow
an's people, as he expects to be call
ed to a training camp in the very near
future.
The following workers sewed at the
Red Cross rooms in Warren during
the week. Mesdames Hyde, Lynn, Mc
Nally, Owens, Bohmfaik. Arntz, Jas.
Baker, Yoakum, Small. Randall, Rat
terree. Earhart, Roberts, Baker, Sny
der, Chapman Rawlings, Hobbs, Reid,
Cook, Perry, Phillips, Clark. C. S.
Wilson, Eskridge, Fox, Hcisler, E.
Johnson, Weidencaaip, Sheppard, Mit
chell, Wheeler, Grey, Toland. Rothen
berger, Stafford. Craig, Cox, Carnahan,
Burns. Misses H. Hobbs, Collins, Cain
and McErozer.
All wool taken from the Warren
rooms previous to Aug. 15 must be re
turned this week.
5 53?
Mr. Meade Powell has brought his
bride to Bisbee and they will reside
on Quality Hiil. ...
!S US
The Bisbee Red Cross' rooms have
a splendid record this week, for a
great many women sewed in spite of
the warm weather. A list of the work
ers are Mesdames Tibbits, Butterfield,
J. E. Cain, H. A. Stewart, S. Kyle,.C.
11. Hardin. John, P. M. Horn. Ascher,
Trees, Mills, Blair, P O. Donneil, G.
D. Hudson, H. D. Lockling, T. Johnson,
Mathews, R. S. Hunt, A. M. Smock,
Duval, L. G. Jackson, V. Hughes, A.
Solomon, Dora Rjoin, J. Terrell. W.
Watkins, William Reese, Y. B. laud
rum, A. Sheetz, R. Polchage, E. Lan
nev, R. Thomas, J. Henderson, Clarir
ville, J. T. Tufert, R, Berry. E. Wat
kins, Maddock. Richler, Benton, Sr.;
Erickson, Saunders, Holden, Ken
nnaugh. Albright. Thayer, Gunderey,
Sr.; Cook, Rundal OMalley. White, J. I
Ashby, C. W. Allen. X. Muran,
W. Knowles, Hancock, M. Beck-'
er, Pressley, Tagood, W. E. Grant,
B. Chase, X. A. Arthur. Solgave, Hurst, '
Pemberton, L. E. Williams. G. Harper,
Cochran, H. Pierce and Miss Shurman.
Mf
The Knights of Pythias and Pythian
Sisters will give a party and social
in Odd Fellows hall Tuesday night.
All members and friends are cordially
Invited. This is the second of these
enjoyable affairs, as one was given in !
July, and will be had once a month j
during the winter. j
Sfc 3fc 3fi j
The Anona club met at the home of i
Florence1 Linderman of Mason Hill
Tuesday, the 27th. Sewing and knit
ting and playing cards made the time
f'y. Lucille Watkins and Josaphine
Clouthier entertained with some vocal
selections. The next meeting will be
with Jennaveve John of Warren, Sept.
10. All members are urged to be pres-1
ent, as there will be an election of of-1
ficers. Those present Tuesday night !
were: Misses Maud Brazil, Josephine :
Clou'hier. Opal Core. Jennaveve John,!
Edith Kennedy, Edna Thompson,!
Jennie Warren. Lucy Caretto, Myrtle 1
Brown, H. M. Winz, 5. A. M. Vouk,
Syncopated Jazz
DANCE
At Warren-Park
Thursday Night, Sept., 5
m m hmhhmmmmhmb sssssssssissssssssssssssaisss""","B"BB
the music to be furnished by the famous rag time or
chestra of the First Cavalry now stationed in Douglas.
SAXAPHONE, TROMBONE, BANJO ,
ZYLOPHONE. PIANO AND DRUMS
TICKETS, 50 CENTS.
Remember the Dale, NEXT THURSDAY NIGHT
! Ross Griffith, and F. E. Pennett.
.Misses Florence Messner, Anah Mon
roe. Philbrook, Julia Blair, Minuie
Henley and Anna Wilmer.
tS &
Those who sewed at the Garfiold
Red Cross last week were: Mesdames
F. E. Baldwin. M. A. Dalley, J. L. Hen
Itv, J. W. F. Smith. H K. Morgan, E.
.V Whitaker, F. Webster. A. Finity.
E. A. Graves, Frank Munkers, W. C.
jones. Frank AitdJ! o.i, James Parr.
W. A. Arthur, Thomas E. Williams,
B. Chance, C. F. PhilVrook, Alar&attt
I'liwn. H, M.'V;.-z. J. A M Vouk,
i. Kilborn. P. .M Mrciw. E l'Urr..
Hon Griflith. J. I "r-pir am! F
E. Bennett. Misses Flo-eme Messner.
Philbrook, Julia Blair, Minnie Henley,
and Anna Wilmer.
J iS
Those who sewed at the Garfield
school on Thursday for the A. F. F.
W were Mesdames Daly, Pennepack
er, P. M. Williams, Hayes, John Chain,
M. E. M. Frantzen, C. E. Winstead. J.
F. Parr, Sowerbutts. C. H. Hardin and
Genevieve Frantzen. Five auBts of
pajamas, twelve pairs of war booties,
102 Carrel dressings, 253 eye com
presses and fifty-eight eye Owa"os were
completed.
Mrs. P. R. Lord is a guest of Mrs.
C. F. Philbrook of Tombstone Canyon.
Mrs. Lord is a former resident of Bis
bee, and numbers of her friends have
cilled. and many have greeted her
with informal afternoon entertain
ments. The uniform for the members of
the .American Fund for French Wound
ed is composed of the new French
blue smock veil and peasant cap. The
French government ha? .vquested its
curapaicn committee to adopt lais uni
form when working in this ccunir for
the French benefit. Ta j A. F. F. W.
vears the same smock as t".e. A. C. D.
F., but use the long French blue veil,
with blue, .white and red band with A.
"r. F W. in gold thereo'i "While the
'. C D. F. wear he peasant cap with
r.r.if.-id for arm, with Americar. uul
Fr-m h fif.f. this bet i,s their emblem
for campaigners in both France and
Vwerira
Master J. D. Dixon was given a de
lightful birthday party on Monday aft
ernoon. Many of his little friends
gathered at his parents' home in War
ren to celebrate his third birthday.
Numerous presents were presented to
him and simple little prize games were
played. Dainty refreshments were
served to the following youngsters:
Eunice Barnum, Pauline Stevens,
Esther and Irene Roberts, Heber Vol-
cher, Benjamin Davie, J. D. Dixon and
Allen and Bert Roberts. Mesdames
iolin Roberts, Charles I Barnum, Per
ry Dixon, Tom Volcher and Stevens
were also present.
Those who registered at the Jigger-
ville Red Cross rooms for sewing dur-1
ing the past five days were: Mes- j
dames Butler, J. F. Sinclair, McKeen, j
Sherett, Hobbs, Birdino, C. B. '
Fisher, Camady, ' Gannon, Rudolphe,
Creasey, Sehuller. Sinclair, Scofie'.d,
Buchanan, Black, Crowley, Alvin and
Hassinger.
The Ladies' Aid of the Christian
church met at the church on Tuesday
hiiu pui in me wnuie uay iiuui m a.
m. to 5 p. m. sewing for the Red
Cross. Those present were Mesdames
C. E. Winstead, F. D. Buscher, H. B.
Xalley, J. M. We'.bourne. H. G. Abies, i
G. W. Stewart. J. L. Henley, C. M.
Deacon, F. K. Moores, W. P. Smith, G.
D. Hudson, John F. Chain and Alice j
A. Bell.
ME &
i
A social dinner was given by Sergts.
Verna D. Wotherholt, John J. Orth,
Ralph W. Nicholson, George A.
O'Lcary and Corp- William P. Looney
of company A. Twenty-second Bn. U.
S. Guards, at Ixwell, Sunday, Aug. 25,
1918, for the Misses Margaret and
Delia Carney, Venetia Lewis, Beaula
Barnard and Louis Hampston. Mess
Sergt. Orth had a delicious dinner
served at 1 p. m. and after dinner all
enjoyed a very sociable afternoon.
Y. W. C. A. Notes
Y. W. C. A. NOTES
Many earnest and Interested women
and girls visited the Recruiting Sta
tion for the United States Student Re
serve at the Young Women's Christian
Association Monday and Tuesday.
Mrs. Alexander Murray, who was In
LADIES FREE
charge of the work at this Station, re
ported ten registrations.
The "House Girls" Club" held a very
interesting meeting Tuesday evening
when it was decided to devote one ev
ening each week doing Red Cross
work. A committee will be appointed
by the chairman. Miss Joyce Fiere, to
take charge of the devotional half
hour during the evening..
About 100 people attended a very
enjoyable party Thursday evening,
August 23, when the ladies of the Bap
tist church entertained at the Y. W.
C. A. Music, readings and games
were the order of the evening. Several
of the ladies recited some very clever
verses telling of their experiences
while earning the dollars for their new
church fund.
Everyone voted tire Baptist ladies
royal entertainers and it is hoped that
many other affairs may be planned by
them for the young people.
There will be a Membership Tea
given by the Social and Membership
committees of the Young Women's
Christian Association upon the after
noon of September 13, from 3 to 6. The
general secretary, who was a delegate
from the Bisbee association to the
Pacific Coast Field Conference, Asilo
mar, California, will give a report of
the conference. The members extend
a very cordial invitation to all friends
of the association as well as strangers
in our midst to couie and get acquaint
ed. The "House Girls" entertained a
number of of the army men at an in
formal party in the Recreation room
Thursday evening.
A letter has recently been received
from iss Carlota Moyer, who for six
years was tne general secretary of the
Bisbee association and has been for
eight months in the Dormitory for
Girls at the Dupont Powder Works in
Virginia. Miss Moyer writes that the
Dupont people are to spend three mil
lion dollars in additional welfare
work, which will include seven hun
dred new houses, churches, parks,
clubs, Y. M. C. A., swimming pools
and dormitories for both white and
colored women. The Dupont people
are accomplishing wonderful things
and Miss Moyer finds the work ex
tremely interesting and worth while.
The Young Women's Christian As
sociation closed a very successful sum
mer conference at Asilomar, Califor
nia, August 5. A feature of this con
ference which was held the last two
days was the educational conference.
National war workers besides fifty or
more women representatives came to
this meeting from Arizona, Nevada,
Utah, Wyoming and California. The
co-operative campaign was discussed.
Miss Cora L. Tatham is to be the di
rector of the western division which
comprises the states of Utah, Wyom
ing, .Montana, Idaho, Washington, Ore
gon. Nevada. California and the Ha
waiian islands. Miss Julia T. Lee is to
be the director of the southern di
vision comprising the states of Arkan
sas, Oklahoma, Louisiana, Texas, New
exico and Arizona.
The amount to be raised in the co
operative campaign, Y. M. C. A. and Y.
W. C. A, in October is to be I115.Q00.
0UO. One hundred million for the Y.
M. C. A. and $15,000,000 for the Y. W.
C. A. Allotment as quoted from na
tional headquarters being 30 per cent
for the southern division.
The Churches
THE PRESBYTERIAN
Sunday. April 1, 1918.
Sunday school, 9:45 a. m.
Morning worship, 11 o'clock. Ser
mon topic, "Ashamed of Christ."
Evening worship, 8 o'clock. Sermon
topic, "Forces Contributing to Char
acter." Allan Krichbaum, pastor.
SEVENTH DAY ADVENTISTS
Sabbath school, 11 a. m. Bible study,
12 m.
Services held In church, front Cop
per Queen hospital .back of gas plant.
Prayer meeting, Wednesday. 7:30
p. m., which everybody is cordially In
vited to attend.
For further Information call Red
853. ' .
METHODIST EPISCOPAL
Sunday school, 9:45 a. m.
Public worship, 11 a. ni. "False and
True Discipleship."
Epworth League meeting at 6:30 p.
m. "Stewardship."
Evening service, 7:30. "Tempta
tion." Prayer meeting, Wednesday, 7:30
p. m.
C. W. Harshman, pastor.
Y. M. C. A.
There will be moving pictures, vo
cal and instrumental music at the Y. 1
M. C. A. at 8 p. m. The public is in-j
vited, but children who are not mem-.
bers of the boys' department will not i
be admitted unless accompanied by '
parents. !
FIRST BAPTIST
Sunday school, 9:45 a. m. We have
a class for you.
Morning service, 11 a. m.
Divine service in City park at 5
p. m.
Junior and Senior B. Y. P. IT. at 6:45
p. m. Groupe No. 1 will lead.
j Evening service, 7:45.
; Prayer meeting Wednesday, 7:45 p.
m. You are requested to join us in
these services. We have no strangers.
i Theme 11 a. m., "God's Expectation
of His Vineyard."
Theme 7:45 p. m., "God's Disap
pointment of His Vineyard."
H. C. Compton, pastor.
ST. JOHN'S EPISCOPAL
Sunday school, 9:45 a. m.
Morning prayer and address. 11
o'clock, followed by celebration of the
GOD'S TOMORROW
(By ALLICE TIERNEY, Lowell, Ariz.)
A little crippled girl I know. Her undistinguished name
would mean, I m sure, no more to you than to the hails of
fame; but cheerily she'd always say, with patient smile to
me, "O, better better than today, tomorrow's sure to be!"
Her piteous body from the rack all surcease was denied.
She'd turn upon a tortured back to rest a tortured side. "So
hard to bear," I'd gently say. She'd smilingly answer me,
"Yes dear, but better than today, tomorrow's sure to be!"
And po, at last, one shining May, this little Martyr died.
I kissed with love, the bessed clay that pain had crucified.
The last brave words her lips could say, she whicpred low
to me "How brighter than this world's today must God's
tomorrow be!'
O, deathless courage that could face her daily torments
so! Could I but bear with such a grace the pain that I must
know! Help me remember, Lord, I pray, the truth she left
with me how brighter than this world's today, must God's
tomorrow be.
WEEKLY NEWS LETTER YOUNG
MEN'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION
OF WARREN I3INING DISTRICT
Con. C. Flynn will conduct the af
ternoon and evening classes at 2 and
7 Tuesday in the naturalization pro
gram, given by the association. Dr. V.
P. Sims will conduct the classes on
Thursday.
Both teachers report a majority of
the men taking advantage of this
course to assist them in passing their
examination for citizenship at Tomb
stone, Sept. 11 as studying hard and
those who are not would do well to
remember as whether or not they
will become citizens depends a great
deal on the amount of time they put in
studying as the examination is very
rigid.
J. H. Hatton, science teacher at the
Bisbee senior high school and former
ly of Los Angeles, is one of the latest
additions to the local association's
membership list.
H. E. Ross, also of the Los Ange
les schools and now teaching in Bis
bee, is one of the new members of
the Y and is rooming at the associa
tion. Henry Perkins, well known In local
mining circles and for his work with
the association left Tuesday for New
York to prepare for overseas work
with the Y. M. C. A. forces. Mr. Perk
ins was a member of the educational
committee of the "Y" and has always
been an enthusiastic booster for the
association.
Henry Aikens writes from New York
that he expects to return to Bisbee
soon and will be glad to get back to
Simonson, of St. Stephen's church,
Douglas, will officiate.
Wednesday, choir practice, 7 p. m.
Jacob M. White, rector.
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE
Christian Science society of Bisbee.
holds services in the Odd Fellows' hall
on Subway every Sunday morning at
11 o'clock. Wednesday evening testi
mony meeting at 8 o'clock. The public
is welcome. Subject for Sunday, Sep
tember 1, "Christ Jesus."
WARREN CHRISTIAN SCIENCE
Christian Science services are held
every Sunday in the old Warren coun
ty building, Renner and Arizona i
streets. Services Sunday, September
1, at 8 o'clock in the evening. Subject,
"Christ Jesus." All are welcome. I
chool
M
ADVISORY BOARD
J. E. Ransford, chairman; Wm. T. Hopper. Dr. Jesse Mill
spaugh. C. E. Toberman, vice-chairman; Mrs. Iuise Knappen
Woollett, secretary, C. B. deMille, E. G. Sherman. J. II. Parsons.
C. H. Llppincott. j. H. Moulton, J. F. Kent. Edmund Locke, V.
C. Kennedy, William Lee Wollett, Mrs. C. H. Lippincott.
For Information and Catalogue, Address
LOUIS KNAPPEN WOOLLETT
1 749 La Brea Ave., Hollywood
Phone 57504
School Opening Sept. 19th
the mining center. It is rumored
that he will not come home alone.
The association is very fortunate In
securing C. H. Hardin as industrial
secretary and membership man to suc
ceed C. M. Buck, who ieft Tuesday
for Butte Mont., wher he will con
tinue "Y" work.
Mr. Hardin came to Bisbee last Oc
tober and since then has been engaged
in the insurance business. He has
made many friends both among local
miners and business men of the city
and is well adapted for his present
position. He has also had consider
able newspaper experience on the Pa
cific coast.
Keeping the association membership
up to the mark despite the continual
calls of the draft and enlistments of
members is no small task but Mr.
Hardin hopes with the assistance of
the "Y" members and friends to do
this. 'Mr. Hardin will divide his time
between Uie mines, business district
and lobby of the association and will
be glad to meet all members of the
"Y" as well as other friends of the
institution.
The boys are getting very anxious
to get their daily plunge in the pool.
Seve.ral boys will be added to the de
partment as soon as the pool is
opened.
Some repairs were made in the
boys department this week which im
prcved the looks of the department.
The boys have had some exciting
baseball games in the gym the past
few weeks.
Patagonia The shaft of the Flux
mine is now in operation to capacity,
and there is ore enough in sight to
ke'n the mill uoin indefinitely.
The Hardshell mine has added some
new jigs to the mill, and concentrates
are being turned out at a rapid rate.
A large tonnage is being shipped.
The El Paso group of mines are
being operated. The shaft is down to
a depth of 106 feet and good ore is
being taken out.
Jerome It has been rumored that
a very rich deposit of silver has been
opened up in the United Verde Exten
sion. The ore is all being shipped to
Verde smelter now. IP Is expected that
the copper production will be brought
up to the 5.000,000-pound mark as soon
asthe smelter is running smoothly.
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
1
Jlvwood.
(iff
Political Announcements
FOR STATE REPRESENTATIVE
I hereby announce myself as candi
date tor the Domination as state rep
resentative of Cochise county, subject
to the will of the democratic voters to
be held on September 10. my
J. X. Cl ftTIS, JR.
St. David. SCS
FOR SHERIFF
I hereby announce myself as an in
dependent candidate for the office of
sheriff of Cochise county, subject to
the will of the voters at the fall elec
tion, to be held on November the Olh,
1918.
FRANK BRIGCS.
I promise if elected an efficient and
impartial administration. 755
FOR SHERIFF
1 nereDV announce mysen as a can
didate tor tne nominancn tor me omcc
ot snerur 01 uocnise county, suoject
to tne win or tne voien at tne demo
cratic primary 10 De neia on sepiem
ner to,
W. S. BKAKF1ELD.
rUH SHERIFF
1 nereoy announce myseir as a can
didate -or tne nomination ior tne otuce
01 snerur or Cocmse county, suoject
10 ma wiu 01 me voters at me demo
cratic primary to De neiu on aeptem
oer iu, uis
U. E. CROSS.
FOR SHERIFF
I nereoy announce mysei' as a can
didate ior tne nomination tor me otuce
ol snerur ot cocnise county, suoject
to tne win ot tne voters at tue demo
cratic primary to De neia on Septem
ber 10,
JAMES F. MCDONALD,
420 ueputy u. S. Marsnal.
FOR SHERIFF
I nereoy announce myseu as a can
didate Tor the nomination for tne ot
rice or shertrr or Cochise county, suo
ject to tne win or tne voters at me
republican primary to be held on Sep
tember 10, 1915.
5S5 LORENZO WRIGHT
FOR SHERIFF
I berefy announce myseir as a can
didate ror the otiice vt shcrut or Co
cblse county, suDject to the ac'lon r.I
the voters at the democratic prima
ries to be held Septemher 10. 1918.
EARL V. SANDS,
C. Q. Smelter, Douglas, Arizona
FOR STATE SENATOR
I hereby announce myself as candi
date for the nomination as state sen
ator of Cochise county, subject to the
will of the democratic voters to be
held on September 10, 1918.
555 T. B. GRACE.
FOR TREASURER j FOR CONSTABLE
I hereby announce myseir as a can-1 1 hereby announce mvseir as a can
didate for the nomination for the or-: didate for the nomination as constabio
flee of Treasurer of Cochise county. 1 for the Bisbee precinct. No. 2. Sui
subject to the will of the voters at the ; Ject to the action or the democratic
democratic primary to be held on : voters ot that precinct' la the prlma
September 10, 1918. rles on September 10.
GUY C. WELCH. '620 A. E. SHEPPAPD.
FOR SUPERVISOR ' FOR JUSTICE OF PEACE
I hereby announce myself as a can- I hereby announce myseir as a can
didate for the nomination for the of-1 didate for the nomination as justice of
fice ot supervisor of Cochise county, ! the peace, for the Lowell pi-ecinct. No.
subject to the will of the voters at the j 3. Subject to the action of the demo
democratic primary to be held on cratic voters of that precinct In tne
September 10, 1918.
S97
V. M. JOHNSON.
FOR SUPERVISOR
I hereby announce myself as a can
didate for the nomination for the of
fice of supervisor of Cochise county,
subject to the will of the voters at the
democratic primary to be held on
September 10, 1918.
I. C. E. ADAMS,
684 Ex-Mayor.
FOR CLERK. SUPERIOR COURT
I hereby announce myself as a can
didate for the nomination for the of
fice of Clerk, Superior Court of Co
chise county, subject to the will of the
voters at the democratic primary to be
held on September 10, 1318.
. J. a JAMES.
FOR STATE REPRESENTATIVE
Upon the earnest solicitation of
many friends in Cochise county and
throughout the state. I hereby an
nounce myself as a candidate for the
nomination of Btate representati73.
subject to the action of the demo
cratic party at the primary elcticn
to be held September 10, 1918. I
feel grateful to my many supcrters
and feel competent to administer he
office without fear or favor. I solicit
the support of all the good men end
women interested in the cause o.' suf
frage. 553 NELLIE A. HAYWARD.
r
LANE'S TRAVEL SERVICE BUREAU.
Travel-hotel information, ROOM RESERVATIONS, accommodations
secured for Individuals, parties, lodges, societies, associations, organiza
tions, during celebrations and conventions NO CHARGE.
Auto stage tickets and seat reservations secired. (Daily service,
San Francisco to Imperial Valley, Camp Kearny, Riverside Aviation
Field, etc.) Autos furnished for private use. reliable, competent drivers,
go everywhere. Write, phone, or call. LANE'S TRAVEL SERVICE BU
REAU. 822 WEST 6th STREET, LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA. Phones:
Pico 1007; Home 10743
LOS ANGELES
Gates Hotel $1
FIREPROOF
Sixth and Figueroa Streets
Cafe and Restautrant Garage In
Connection Close to Stores, The
aters and All Car Lines. Los An
geles' Finest Tourist and Family
Hostelry. TAKE TAXI AT OUR
EXPENSE. Lee Holladay. Pres. and
Mgr. Geo. A. Collins, Sec'y.
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
AND HIGH CLASS CAFE
The best of every thin a at reasonable a la carte pricea.
A Special 60c luncheon daily. Also $ 1 .00 dinner from
5:30 to 7:30 p. m. Regular Board by the month, $45.00
Henry F oppen, Manager.
FOR TREASURER
1 hereby announce myself as a can
didate for the nomination for the of-
: fii-e i t treasurer of Cochise county,
subject to the will of the voters at tie
j democratic primary to be held on
I September 10, 1913.
! JOE PARVIN.
("Canteen Joe").
FOR JUPGE, SUPERIOR COURT
! I hereby announce myself as a can-
didate for the nomination for the ot
; f ice ot Judge. Superior Court or Co
! chise county, subject to the w ill of the
I voter3 at the democratic primary to ba
j held on September 10, 1918.
I ALFRED C. LOCKWOOD.
t
FOR CONSTABLE
1 nereoy announce niyseit as a can
didate tor tne nomination tor me or
tice ot constanie tor ivowen precinct
No. 3, suDject to tne win 01 tne roiem
at ne democratic primary to oe neia
t on Senteiuher in.
1 ---- -
937
JOHN (JACK) RYAN.
FOR CONSTABLE
I nereoy announce myseir as a caa
diaate ior tne nomination ror me or-
ince or constaDte ior Loweu precinct
No. 3. suoject to me win 01 me voter
at me democratic primary to De neia
on scptemoer iu, mis.
'350 DfcNNIS ROCHE.
FOR CONSTABLE
1 nereny announce myseir as a can
didate ior the nomination as ConstaOle
tor tne Lowell Precinct. No. 3. Sub
ject to tne action or ma Democratic
.voters or mat precinct In the primaries
on September loin.
1R7
H. H. BOHMFALK.
I FOR CONSTABLE
j 1 nerebT announce myseir as a can
didate ror the nomination Tor me or
i nee or Constable for Lowell Prec.nct
j No. 3. subject to the will or the voters
.at me Democratic primary to be held
on September 10, 1915.
! ZOO JAMES BAKER.
FOR CONSTABLE
I hereby announce myseir as a can
didate ror the nomination an Constable
for the Lowell Precinct. Xo s snh.
I ject to the action of the Democratic
voters 01 mat precinct in me primaries
on September 10fn.
207 GEO. D. CROWLEY.
FOR CONSTABLE
I hereby announce myself as a can
didate for the nomination as constahU
: for the Bisbee precinct. No. 2. sub
I Ject to the action of the democratic
voters of that precinct In the primar
i ies September 10. 191S.
; 411 BERT CLEMENT.
j 714 GEO. R. SMITH
I FOR JUSTICE OF THF PEACE
I I nereny announce myseir as a can-
didate for the nomination as justice of
; the tieace. for the Lowell precinct. No.
i 3. Subject to the action of th-i demo
cratic voters of that precinct In tha
primaries on September 10th. 1918.
823 J. B. HODGES.
FOR JUSTICE OF THE PEACE
I hereby announce myself as a can
didate for the nomination as justice of
I the peace, for Bisbee precinct. No. 2.
subject to the action of the republican
voters of that precinct In the pri
maries on September 10. 1918.
772 GRIFFITH J. WILLIAMS.
FOR JUSTICE OF PEACE
I hereby announce myself as a can
didate for the nomination as Justice of
the Peace, for th Lowell Precinct. Nn
3 Subject to the action of the Demo
cratic voters ot that precinct In tha
primaries on September 10th
J. L. WINTERS.
FOR JUSTICE OF PEACE
I hereby announce myself as a can
didate for the nomination as justice ot
the peace, for the Bisbee precinct. No.
2. Subject to the action of the repub
lican voters of that precinct In tha
primaries on September 10. 1913.
M. C. HIGH.
LOS ANGELES
Hotel Lee $1
Wittt Bath.
Sixth and Figueroa Streets.
Modern Rates, 75c to $3.00
Special Summer and Weekly Rates
All depot cars pass the door. Gar
age connected. Cafe next door.
WM. B. CLARK, Prop.
i Holy Communion. The Rev. F. W i
FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 1, 1918.
HARD BOILED GUYS TURNED
INTO HEROES
OF SELF BY
(By Clarence Budginpton Kelland)
Xney were coming back out of the
hot blast of the great battle those
boys of a certain division now famous
throughout France and one day to be
famous throughout the world. They
were not coming back because Uiey
wanted to, nor because they had had
enough of It; they were being brought
on stretchers, wounded, gassed, shell
shocked, to an advanced dressing sta
tion. Some of them seemed just boys.
One could see them grit their teeth
to hold back the moan of pain.
"Hard luck pal?" said a doctor in
terrogatively, as the bearers set down
a stretchier in the courtyard.
The boy shrugged his shoulders, ac
tually shrugged them as well as he
could, bundled up in that stretcher,
and grinned wanly.
"C'omin' fine if I can get you fellers
to save that f'Kt. She's smashed
jlenty. If you can't all the same."
"We'll run you right in."
"Xix. bo, not tne. I'm gettin past
all right, nothin' but my foot. Yon
just lenmie be here and get busy with
them guys that's hurt. I'm on the
waitiu' list."
Tl'at was one bey. He belonged to
an outfit that bears a name far and
wide for being boiled hard. Tough
birds, you hear them called, rough
talking boys with the crust outer
most. If you had seen them a month
before or two months before when
they had not had their purifying in
bleod and fire, wou would not have
prophesied that t.liey would hold back
in suffering to wait for one in greater
suffering to be cared for first. It was
an attribute that was not apparent to
the casual eye. Hard-boiled, you
would have agreed, and you niinht
have felt a trifle sorry for the enemy
that had to encounter them. But you
would not have stood by with tears in
your ecs not in our eyes but roll
ing down your checks i'nd have mut
tered again and again. "Here are men."
Hut now '.hoy Ii.hI felt the scorching
breath of war. J-uddenly !' had
been dropped into the furnace and
had cnni" out with dross burned away.
SoriiPthing had happened. They were
still hard-boiled. Thiir language was
.madi" up of the same words, but the
words had taken on a ;ev meaning,
-their very faces had takru on a new
aspect. In '-;;ite cf blood and grime,
nvA the discoloration and burn of gas,
you could see that something was pres
ent there v'ui.ii had been ab:-ent be-
i
FRUITMAN'S WE'RE MOVING ,T, .,, , f
MONDAY, FASHION SHOP Next Door to L. L. j, a" on THE QUALITY
LABOR DAY The J. C PENNY at 3 p GilnW8 JX Day! : - TAILORS The PHELPS DODGE
We will remain open COMPANY STORE m. Monday, La- Open for business on will close in honor MERCANTILE CO.
until 3:00 P. m. bar Day. Tuesday Sept 3rd. Ptaor of Labor Day will be closed all day
THE BISBEE DYE & ffmeTl5Sj Our Big Removal Closed all day Labor 7" Monday, Septem- Monday, Labor Day.
CLEANING WORKS Monday, Labor DaV Sale Is Still KOBEY'S Brunswick Btlhard ber. 2nd.
Going on. -Men's outiftters" rarlors
I
- . .
I - THE ARIZONA
THE SUNSET The Citizen's Bank and The Miners and THE BANK OF rPv MILLER'S SHIRT
BwnfASnc?P F.W.WOOLWORTH Trust Company Merchants Bank . BlSBEEVILL JM ! AND HAT SHOP
MONDAY N I WILL REMAI N Wffl Observe be closed all REMAIN CLOSED ihtor Gf t W1LL BE CLOSED
R o? I CLOSED LABOR Labor Day as day, Monday be- MONDAY, LABOR borDay ALL DAY
iTbOR DAY ! DAY A -Legal Holiday ing Labor Day. DAY T. A. HUGHES. LABOR DAY
! . Manager.
J 1
' ' I " ij :
I
e will be orn rom Smoke House We The Fair Store The JOHNSON MEAT cruuADT7 none TUP TrurnrR
in ?? mi 1 Will Remain Will Be Closed rnMP amy SCHWARTZ BROS. THE JEU ELER
M .elVennSOn w.ll be open as Closed All Day Labor Day COMPANY COMPANY will keep his store
Monday, Labor Day. usual on Monday . r . n , .1IL t vir-n n r m j . 1 1 1
IR, nAII LaborDay T' l But will be open for U ill Be Open Monday. will close all day. Mon- closed. Monday in
J. M. BALL LaDor ay- Watkins and Business Tuesday Labor Day. Until 12 , . , L. imnor r 1 .u.-
1 111 d vi 1 v day, Labor Day. nonor or iaDor
The Rexall Druggist ! C W,h,te' Bergqu.st Morning o Clock. Noon. Day.
c 1 Proprietor
jl I
! I ! !
i7 a t BUXTON - SMITI I THE J. B. ANG1US THE MINER'S MEAT The Bisbee Drug B p MILLARD, We Wi? Re.ma',n ? en
E. A Tovrea GROCERY MARKET Company- as usual on Labor Day.
and Company will , ... , , , u . , f a Bisbee s Leading I auor tuv moodic
close at 12 o'clock w.ll be closed all will close at 1 2 wil be open from 8 mprSv
noon, Monday, day Monday on I! Ya o'clock, noon, on to I and from 6 un- will remain closed CONFECTIONARY
Labor Day. "rcounl ?f day. Monday. La- of ; alI d y Lbor "Try a dish of our
Day. iy borDay. Day, Monday. LaborDay. Day Ice Cream."
j
!i . i il ti
OF SACRIFICE
BATTLE FIELDS
I frre until you could not see at all
I for the flooding of your eyes.
"I got mine . . . No use sport
;. . . I'an't do nothin' for no . . .
Get busy with some of them boys
you can help."
j That was the spirit That was the
thing that had been burned into their
souls by the hot breath of war. . They
i had forgotten themselves. Jim was
: not thinking of Jim but of Mike. Mike
wjis not thinking of Mike but of Jack.
' Each passed it on.
I The dressing station was small and
I many must lie outside until the men
who were taken in first could be evac
; uated. You hear groans, but amid the
groans you hear cheery, gritty, words.
; (low, that damn leg .... How's
, Charlie makin' it? Anybody know?
: I seen him get it . . . Oow . . . !
"They just took Charlie in. He
I wasn't sayin' much."
"Say, them stretcher bearers ought
! to git the Croy de Gerr. them birds
ought to. See 'em fetch me back with
i them shells bustin' like it was rainin'?
I And would they hurry? Not a damn
' bit. I hollers to them to git a move on
' or they'd get busted one on the dome,
i but that little shrimp says for me to
j mind my own business, he w as car-
ryin' that stretcher . . . Afraid if he
: hustled he'd shake me up and burt
me some. Can you beat that? . . .
i Grow!"
! "Two of them stretcher oe-arers was
1 Y. Jr. C. A. guy a. What they doin'
' in that game?"
"Volunteered, one of them told me.
I asked him. He's been working up
in that dressin' station right where
she's happenin' ever since this bust
ed out. I seen him there. Hain't
had J is clothes off for a week. Looks
to me like he's about ready to crack.
But he's always there with a cigaret
te or a cup of coffee, or a cake of
choc-date. Now he's totin' stretcher.
Needs a stretcher himself, seems as
though."
"You're next, son." said a lieutenant
t'crtor. "Where 'd you get it?"
"Leg and a chunk some where in
the chest."
"Dill c:f luck."
"Out cf H:ck not hiu'. Didn't I bay
.::( t ll'ree of tlx ni Germans before
thoy got me? Kh? . . . Luck."
T:;e stcry gc.es that this division
was called upon to stop the rush of
fic times its number. The story goes
further and says they not only stop
ped the rush but caused a movement
in the ether direction. It was not an
ala'ir of hours but cf days,.days of con
Bisbee Stores and Merchants Will Observe the Following Hours
Monday September 2, 1918
stant, bitter, hand to hand fighting!
with horrors added by the Hun that
i no American scldier Jias ever been j
called upon to face. But they had
I dammed the flood; had even swept it. (
: back for a little, and they were proud, i
j But their achievement on the field j
' was not the great tiling that came ;
into view in those days it was the i
spirit that flamed up in their hearts
not merely a spirit of courage, of j
daring, of heroism against odds, but j
a spirit cf altruism, of love for the
other fellow. Somewhere in that holo
caust thoso hard-boiled boys had got-1
ten it, and the manifestations of it i
that night in the little courtyard be-,
fore the dressing station made the J
spot one never to be forgotten by j
those who witnessed it.
A hurry call was sent to the distant
Y. M. C. A.
"Can't you do something for these
boys that are being brought in here?"
the officer in ciiarge demanded.
"What can we do?"
"Something to eat and smokes.
Coffee. A bite ana a smoke do a
wounded man more good than any
thing else. Do you know some of
those boys have been out there in
that for two days with nothing to eat
but hardtack!"
So the "Y" sent its men and its
trucks; it made coffee, it brought
such fruits as it could; it carired
chocolate bars. i
"Here you are, sport." said one of I
them, coming into the courtyard.
"Here's a cup of chocolate."
The boy raised .himself painfully I
on his elbow and reac ked for the cup
t then he motioned it away.
j "I hain't hurt much and there's
! lots of buys here that's messed bad. !
I You hain't got enough to go around, i
j Get busy." j
j "I've got smokes and hot chocolate ;
! for every man. Go ahead."
"Honest? I won't be robbin' none I
of them birds?" j
"Honest." ;
The boy drank and was trans- j
formed. He lay back with a cigarette j
between Jiis lips, with his eyes closed, t
and the expression on his dirty face j
was such a reward as few men ever ;
earn. I
"That's livin," he said softly.
One boy was brought in with a
j broken leg. It had been an accident '
! nu iiuc a wuuuu in uacue. nv jiau
gotten in the way of a motor truck.
"Just fix me up out here what you I
can." he said. i
I "Ycu get to the hospital, son." j
"Nix. Hospital's for those fellows :
that's hurt. I just got a busted pin. !
j You fix me here and leave me here, j
I WJien you get a chance."
S mcwhere, sometime, they had all!
gotten this thing. It had come to
; tl.eni out of the flame and crash of
battle; it had been carried to them on
clouds of seating, wxious gas; it had
1 awakened in them through suffering t
and through the sight of suffering.
t Uiey were t'-e same, yet they were1
not the-same. They were not gentle, j
yet cue fancied he could detect a gen- !
tleness in their voices. But -out of the :
' battle and the suffering, something .
better than t'aey hau ever known came '
1 .. : v. .. . . i .. ii. v. A
to thm. There was utter ignoring
rf self, and it was a thing wonderful
to witness.
"We've got to have a new word in
the language," said a Captain-surgeon
"Game won't do. These boys are
something more than game. I've never
seen anything like it. I don't know
what it is." Kven he, inured to suffer
ing and to scenes of bloodshed, wiped
his eyes. They're, they're why.
damn it all, they're something. Nobody
was ever like them."
One man lay inside on a mattress
on the floor. His chest was rising
and fating as he was struggling for
breath.
"He's on his way said the doctor
to a Y' man who was acting as order
ly nurse, assistant, anything.
The "Y" man went over and touched
tlie boy's forehead.
"How abcut it, old man?" he said.
"Kind of lonesome . . . Maybe you
. . . could sit . . . here still
The "Y" man sat down and a hand
struggled toward him. He took it and
held it in his own, and he whispered
to the boy a moment. Maybe it was
a prayer. Whatever the words, it was
a prayer. The wounded man lay still,
his .hand in the hand of the friend
who had come to him in his last dark
moment his last glorious moment.
He was giving his utmost for his coun
try. The "Y" man sat still until the
hand grew limp and lifeless in his
own, and then he moved away to other
errants, for it was a night demanding
much of men.
The courage of the battlefield seems
to be a common commodity; but the
courage to bear pain without flinch
ing; to realize the approach of death
without crying out; to reach a moment
when you know you must face life
maimed, without arm, leg, eye and
not to curse with black rage or cry
out with despair that is another kind
of courage. But it was there. Not one
man had it. but it seemed as if all
those wounded had it it was not the
gameness of the bulldog.
It was something that had to do
with the soul. It was greatness, it
was fineness, it was a thing that com
pelled the watcher to uncover his head
and stand in its presence.
They were Americans. Perhaps it
was their birthright. More likely it
was a new thing, newly born of the
day and the business of the day. What
ever it was, whenever and however it
came, it was present. This had been
written with represion, with a striving
for understatement, with a wish to tell
the truth. The thing was there. They
brought it back with them.
"How are you making it, sport? . . .
Here's a cup of coffee."
"You come around to me after
ycu've given some to the boys over
t'.c re. They need it."
Thai is what was there. It has read
si 'in-tiling new into the meaning of
the wi;rds American Soldier. As the
doctor said, some new word must be
coined ta designate it. It was born
of battle and agony.
Nogales: Capital is being raised to
promote the El Paso group of mines at
Mowry.
U. S. Army and Marine
Casualty List Day by Day
The Review is In receipt of casualty lists as they are Issued by the !
war department to The Associated Press. Owing to a lack of space, it has V
JntnnlnAJ ....Lit. ..I. hA nstmnlotA li.it rf tttr.ua Irillurl r.l inlua. )'
lOCU UCICI UI1UCU IUUI1U Mill. V 11 U i.uiiiivlg ll.'l w . muoa jwii.K v 111".-'
ing and a regional list of wounded, Including Arizona, New Mexico and
Texas.
Total number of casualties to date:'
Killed in action (including
291 at sea) 4715
Died of wounds 1424
Died of disease 162a
Died of accident and other
causes 73.1
Wounded in action 12t)3:i
Missing in action (including
prisoners 2516
Total 23070
KILLED IN ACTION
Lt. Thomas V. Stillwell, New York.
Sgt. Jerry Clayton, New York.
Cpl. Vincent Matthews Bowes, Syra
cuse, N. Y.
' Privates
Tony W. Bear, Clearmont, Mo.
Frank L. Brooks, Keene, N. H.
Carl Knudson Finstad, Washburn,
Wis.
Joseph Gallant, New Bedford. Mass.
Wasil Kovaswick, Grondo, Russia.
William Martel. Salmon Falls. N. H.
Charles E. Sherman, Boothbay Har
bor, Maine.
DIED OF WOUNDS RECEIVED IN
ACTON
Musician Fred J. Slager, Rochester,
N. Y.
Privates
Howard E. Board, Bedford, Va.
Marvin E. Hanson, Grafton, N. D. '
William V. cCaffery, Washington,
Pa.
John E. Meyers, Philadelphia.
DIED OF DISEASE
Lt. Gerrett A. Cochran, Williams
port, Pa.
WOUNDED SEVERELY IN ACTION
Privates
Brigido Pana, Rodeo, N. M.
WOUNDED IN ACTION
DEGREE UNDETERMINED
Privates
Alvy R. Owen, Elgin, Tex.
KILLED IN ACTION
Lt. Egbert F. Tetley, Chelmsford,
Mass.
Sgt. Joseph Geiger, New York.
Sgt. Richard Johnson, Eauclaire,
Wis.
Sgt. M. L. Lang, adison. Wis.
Sgt. Harry James Leonard, Alma,
Mich.
Sgt. Arthur Clifford Patterson, Owe
so, Mich.
Cpl. Geo. W. Chapman, Edgar. Wis.
Cpl. Glenn G. Dahlem. Morris, Ii'3.
Cpl. Svrus John English, Rudyfrd,
Mich.
Cpl. Ward Montgomery Harding. Co
runna, Mich.
Cpl. Gaylord Platte Leach, Manis
teque, Mich.
Cpl. John Wicklun, Eauclaire, Wis.
Privates
Edward Bobbs, Scotthaven, Pa.
Martin Oliver Brown, Tleasant
Plains, N. Y.
Joe Burns, Alamo, Ga.
Earl Harrison Campbell, Poplar
Bluff, Mo.
Christ W. Christensen. Gillette. Wis.
Andres P. Dadizon, Leyte, Philip
pine I.
Abner F. Dahlberg, Rhynelander,
Wis.
Morris Dick. Chelsea. Mass.
Allesandro Dimassa, Detroit, Mich.
John Aloyious Dougherty, Philadel
phia. Anthony John Dreps, Shebovgan,
Wis.
Chas. R. Ellis, Brookline, Mass.
Wallace II. Farris, Fort Morgan,
Colo.
Mario Figlloli. Winchester, Mass.
Everett M. Finkbinder, Huron, Ind.
John Finveym, Superior, Wis.
Morie Hansford. Blackwell, Mo.
! Alfred R. Hinkle, Mountainview,
Ark.
Edward A. Hooper, Newtonville,
.Mass.
Raymond L. Howland, Swampscott,
Mass.
Christen V. Jensen. Luck. Wis.
John Segfreid Joiinson. Helsivborg,
Sweden.
John Kern, Syracuse, X. Y.
John Krause, Gillett, Wis.
Albert Lang, Mikado, Mich.
Lea F. Leary, Gratiot, Wis.
Sandy Levi, South Saginaw, Mich.
Wm. C. Littleton. Salem, S. C.
Thomas Lynch. Andover. X. Y.
I Hugh Allan Maccinnes, Newbury,
i Mich.
Henry Mason, Otter River, Mass.
Enil Louis Oertel, Dancy. Wis.
Harry John Olhrich, Mt. Clemens,
Mich.
Fred Polovina. Flint. Mich.
Chas. T. Ritzert, Chicora, Pa.
Joseph Simboli, Aqulla, Italy.
John A. Sky. Odanah, Wis.
Julius Williams, Manistique, Mich.
Lonnie Yancey, Arlington, Ky.
You Can't Rub It Away; ,
Rheumatism is in the Blood
Liniments Will Never Cure.
If you are afflicted with Rheuma
tism, why waste time with liniments,
lotions and other local applications
that never did cure Rheumatism, and
sever will?
Do not try to rub the pain away,
for you will never succeed. Try the
sensible plan of finding1 the cause of
the pain, and go after that. Remove
the cause, and there can be no pain.
You will never be rid of Rheuma
Charles John Sauvola, Chassell,
Mich.
Elmer F. Shanks, Miami, Fla.
Adolph Timra, Centuria, Wis.
Antonio Joseph Truckey, Detroit.
Mich.
rt J. TTnnv
JTOlUilClS UtjOll
'
New Ruling
FLAGSTAFF, Aug. 3L In response
to a communication from C. El Ad
dams, vice chairman of the Arizona
council of defense, asking for aa ex
pression of opinion regarding recent
resolutions adopted by the council or
dering all merchants to mark the cost
and selling price on every article,
Timothy A. Riordan, the federal food
administrator for Arizona, has sent
the following wire:
"Referring ta your letter enclosing
resolutions requiring merchants to
mark cost and sale price of each arti
cle offered for sale, have to inform
you that we are working under a defi
nite program and therefore cannot co
operate with you in such a rule. The
expense attached to the plan propos
ed by you would no doubt Increase
cost of commodities to consumer and
would be a serious drain upon man
power, which the government is at
tempting to conserve at this time."
In explanation the food administra
tor stated that this telegram should
not be construed as showing lack of
a willingness to co-operate with the
Arizona council of defense in all mat
ters which are not in conflict with the
national program of the food adminis
tration. Holbrook The Hopi Oil company
will hae its derrick installed In the
early part of next week.
The rig and casings for the first
well of the Adamana Land anl Oil
company has been taken to the well
site.
The Santa Fe railroad is arranging
to drill on this field. Geologists have
visited the field and it is said that
the field manager will soon arrive to
arrange for the drilling.
REVIEW WANT ADS BRING
RESULTS,
tism until you cleanse your blood of
the germs that cause the disease
S. S. S. has never had au equal as a
blood purifier and scores of sufferers
say that it has cleansed their blood of
Rheumatism, and removed all traca
of the disease from their system.
Get a bottle of S. S. S. at your
drug store, and get on, the right
treatment to-day. If you want spe
cial medical advice, 'you can obtain it
free by addressing Medical Director;
23 Swift Laboratory, Atlanta, Ga,
DAY THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 1, 1918.
FIVE
DAILY REVIEW WAM ADS
Advertisements under this head at the rate of 1 eent p er word each issue, -with a minimum charge o 2a cents.
Advertisements must reach The Review office not late r than 8 p. m. for insertion in next morning's paper.
Male Help WanW
1 C1J w.-
Apply E. A. Tovrc-a &. Co.,
y76
i
Market.
WANTED Steady boy to learn trade, j
fall Monday,
Works.
8 o'clock, City
Dye
WANTED bookkeeper, accountant,
employed during day, would like set
cf books to keep during spare time
of evenings. First class references
and price reasonable. Address
Bookkeeper, care Review. ' SiO
VtlU'lU lO "V. M. C. A. ocnooi, bus
Aiigeics,' aooui auio, nucuo, turn
lueiciai ana cngiueeruig cuuiwo.
. iruiii lor service.
. .male Help Wanted
. . : Z III) A competent woman for
i. vi.al housework. Phone Ureen
hit. t
WANTEIi Two girls to work as ush- j WANTED Clean rags. Review of
ers Annlv Lvnc theater. 956 , fice. dh-tf
WANTED Experienced waitress at
French Kitchen, gooa salary. 9o7
WANTED Cook. Apply at San Jose
Dairy, Naco. Box 12. S99
WANTED Woman to help with work
in private boarding house. Call 740.
9u2
Position Wanted
WANTED Sewing, home lauudry.
W 1-2 Ttate hill. Phone Blue 434. j
923
WANTED Work by hour or day and
washing to take home. Phone 274.
S!s5
r'cr bale
port SALE Ford truck, a bargain if
taken at once. Brophy Garage A:
Supply Co. 95S
FOR SALE Peaches and tomatoes. !
Dan Deoo, Douglas road, new Low-j
ell cemetery. 941
FOR SALE Ford touring car, 1917
model, first class condition, seat
covers. Price ?4j0, terms arranged.
Hood &. Bledsoe. Phone US6. 955
a t
FOR SALE Ford touring car, good 1
tires and machine, a snap $175 cash. '
H. Nimitz, 25 12 Quality hill. 90 .
FOR SALE Choice freestone peaches.
George li. CobUe, end of Tomb
stone cany-jii car lino.
9;o
-Four room
Phone JIjc
922
FOR SALE OR UENT
house. Lauudry lail.
434.
FOR SALE descent hotel. Brewery
Gulch. Wilbur A. McLean. y-it ,
FOR BALE Jiaiwtii touring car, .
1917 model, run C5(K miles, first
class .condition... 1150.,. Liioue Wil-.
"son, 2u9. 913 (
FOR SALE Combination iunch room
and soft drink stand. Fully equip-)
ped. Living room in connection.
Kent $20 per month. New sidewalk j
going in trout of building. A fine
business proposition for a man and
wife. Half block from Lowell car j
stop. Warren Dairy Kuncn room.
Call at place or write Box 3074,
. Lowell, for full particulars. 877
FOR SALE Nine room house, com
pletely furnished, lormerly used as
maternity heme. Terms if desired.
Mason hill. Cll 573 Black lor par
ticulars. S3!)
. i
FOR SALE Four room house in War-1
ren at a bargain. ' Box 664, Warren, j
843
FOR SALE A three apaitment fi
nished house in Warren. Splendid
investment. Liberal terms. E. A.
Crocker. Phone Black 681, after 6
p. ra.
747
FOR SALL r.coming house, 17
rooms, best location in Douglas;
good lease. 934 G avenue. Phone
121. 433
FOR SALE Bunuies ot old papers at
ttie Review office. Large bundles,
price 25c.
FOR SALE Modern house, good loca
tion, close in. cheap for cash, fine
investment. Box 504, City. !'-
FOR SALE Teaches and honey. E.
H. Rolfs, Wood canyon. Pl'one
Green 595. S54
FOR SALE-IMS .Model iiasuci.. al
laost new. Five passenger, $55".
Slag Dump gaiage. 512
FOR SALE -1917 Model seven-passenger
Sludebaker lour, $150. Slag
Dump garage. 511
FOit SALE One Studebukcr four,
seven pa-senger, 1917 model, almost
new, $6'j. Slag Dump garage. 513
FOR SAL!. Car.c-ry Ui..T. :ic-ibro..k
house, Naco reus'.. 417
I'U.'l SALE iiuii'l.o., o: olii l upers at
tiio Jtevivw cft.ee Lare bundles,
irice 15c.
I'OR KAi.E S.x room fun.ished
house, r.ew i'r.d cl'-aii, wi:n furn
i. l-.ftl ra'iin in rear. This is a bar
;:jin for one wV.: v ur.ts h home a:n!
an inrnrie t.f i '-" a muil.. 'iirn:s
W. K .Jf.ii ii n. 97:t
FOU SALE Nearly ne baby inipri'y.
heap. 1'lionc (iicen li.ni. 92
FOR SALE-Buirk liliit six. 1917
model, in first ela-s condition. F.
J Kcogh Auto 1'i'hol (cry & Paine
Shnii. Lowell. 971
FOR SALE Two mm ki:ig lord cages.
Cemetery. :1Z
FOR SALE - ( lose in, moeern, nicely
furnished four room house wi'li mil
side .-kcfiing room ai.d baeU serei n-ed-in
porch Te:a.., lesonahle.
Phone Black S. 11. 971
For Sale
Three
cement
,.t...M ..- ....
lot large enough for another house.
Terms. Apply back C. & A. office.
W. K. Johnson. 9hu
Wanted
WANTED One room for light house
keeping, for bachelor lady working
out, close in. Address Review 7. 957
WANTED Lady partner in good
business. Small amount money re
quired. 56 Upper Lowell, across
from depot. 94S
WANTED To rent, two nicely furn
ished bed rooms, or three house
keeping rooms. Phone 543. 925
WANTED A four room house in Bis
bee or Warren, furnished, about Sep
tember 1. Phone Lieutenant Bled
soe. Phone 553. 274
WANTED TO RENT September 15.
i lour room lurnisnea nouse in jjisoee
j or Warren. White E. J. Cary, Wat
j ren. 975
! WANTED To rent, from three to five
room Unfurnished house, close in
Box 5S0, Bisbee.
ST
WANTED To rent, a six room unfur
I nished modern house in Warren.
Phone 479. dh-tf
WANTED To buy, a tent and two
army folding cots. Phone 16G. 510
For Rent
FOR RENT One four rooin unfur
nished house. 57 Jiggerville. In
quire 52 Upper Lowell. 944
FOR RENT Two housekeeping
rooms. 49 O. K. street. - 959
FOR RENT Two furnished house
keeping rooms. 14 Laundry hill.
Mrs. V. J. Shearer. 96t.
FOR RENT Two unfurnished rooms.
221 Brophy avenue. 977
FOR RENT Three furnished room
apartment. Close iu. Elliott house.
981
FOR RENT Three furnished room
apartment with screen porch, mod
ern new hr.use. Call Sunday, al.
dav, Loma 39. Laundry canyon.
942
FOR RENT Furnished room for
light housekeeping. Good place foi
butch iag or boarders. 56 Uppei
Lowell depot. 949
FOR KENT Three furnished house
keeping rooms. 110 School hill. 9U9
FOR RENT Two housekeeping
i rooms, furnished. 91 Jiggerville.
934
FOR RENT Very desirable suite,
furnished, no children. Inquire
Standard Furniture company. 936
FOR RENT Garage in Warren
Phone Black 475. Call after 5 p. m.
93S
FOR RENT Two rooms furnished for
housekeeping, no children preferred
28 Montana street, Johnson addi
tion. 921
FOR RENT Nicely furnished room,
outside entrance, both adjoining
I Rhodes house, Castle. Rock, just
above Baptist church. Phone S29.
901
FOR RENT Nice room for one or
two gentlemen. 28 Johnson avenue,
Johnson addition. 898
FOR RENT Three furnished rooms
and sleeping porch. John Ceron.
Warren. 859
FOR RENT Three room house. In
quire S3 Youngblood hill. 758
Lost
LOST Black and brown Aeruale ter
rior dog. Collar marked II. C. Hen
rie. Return to 80 Quality hill. Re
ward. 913
' LOST Gold hunting case watch, Wal
' tliam movement. Letters engraved
I on one lid and coat of arms on oth
j er. Lost at Lowell. Liberal reward,
; leave at Review office or at Copper
' Queen hotel. 918
LOST Diamond ring anil war stamp
; card with name, between Fair store
I and postoflice. Return to Review
office. Reward. 903
Miscellaneous
MARTIN'S MINERAL BATHS AND
MASSAGE SPECIALIST For rheu
iiiatism, lumbago, jilurisy, head
aches, nervousness, manipulations
ana curviture of spir.u treated scien
tifically. Office third floor Maze
buiiding. Opn 9 a. m. to 9 p. ni.
Nurse in attendance. 7u5
HOTEL LETSON Main street. Phone
l-i'.i. Ch an airy outside rooms. Run
ning water. Rates to permanent
guest.;. t33
Money to Loan
S.MALI, c,::;ci; loans. on 7our personal
note co sauru u men ana women, ai-:
to on furniture. I ox l-oau uo. ltoora
z. iync meatre Dunning. ibt '
Salesmen
SALESMEN - We have an unusual
pi oposi' ion in a new patented patrio
tic novelty lor men that see (lie
jev.ciry, halierilasheey, novelty and
department store trade There is
no better side line on the market.'
Sells like wild fire. Samples ar
sin, ill. Liberal commissions. For
particulars inquire Liberty Frafern-i
al F.-mblai company, f.l.J ehofieli'
Building, Cleveland, Ohio. SS4
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Ariz.,
August 15, 1913.
Notice is hereby given that Richard
K. Haverty, of Garces, Arizona, who,
on March 23, 1912, made Homestead
application Serial No. 017012, for YV. hit
N. E. hi and E. h N. W. 4 of Section
35. Township 22 South, Range 20-E., G.
& S. R. Meridian, has filed notice of
intention to make five year proof, to
establish claims to the land above de
scribed, before Jared D. Taylor, U. S.
Commissioner, at Bisbee, Arizona, on
the 17th day of September, 1918.
Claimant names as witnesses:
John L. Parker, of Hereford, Ari
zona. Frank B. Moson, of Hereford. Ari
zona. Okley P. Haverty, of Garces. Ari
zona. Richard M. Johnson, of Garces, Ari
zona. 607 J. L. IRVIN, Register.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Ariz
July 27, 1918.
Notice is hereby given that Charles
Kuehme, of Stark, Arizona, who, ou
May 10, 1917, made Homestead entry,
No. 028602, for N. E. 'i N. W. , W. hit
N. E. hi, S. E. hi N. E. hi. Section 7.
Township 24-S., Range 23-E.. G. & S.
R. li. Meridian, has filed notice of in
tention to make" three year proof, to
establish claim to the land above de
scribed, before Jared D. Taylor, U. S.
Commissioner, at Bisbee, Arizona, on
the 20th day of September, 1918..
Claimant names as witnesses:
Mary Brown.
Cormal M. Goins.
Lee W. Comerford.
John M. Ottmer, all of Stark, Ari
zona. 595 JOHN L. IRVIN, Register.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior
U. S Land Office at Phoenix, Ariz.,
June 22. 191S.
Notice is hereby given that Charles
Lee Simpson, of Rodeo, Grant County,
New Mexico, who, on May 29, 191:1,
made Homestead Entry, No. 039712,
for NV Vt SE i, SV hi NE E'-i
NW hi. Section 34, Township 1G S,
Range 32 E, G. & S. R. Meridian, has
filed notice of intention to make three
year proof, to establish claim to the
land above descilhed. before Henry C.
Beumler, United States Comnii.ssicr.er,
it Douglas, Arizona, on the l'Uh day of
September, 1918.
Claimant names a3 witnesses:
David C. Banda, of Rodeo, New
Mexico.
William C. Hale, of Douglas, Ari
zona. James Houston, of Douglas, Arizona.
Robert L. Herrell, of Rodeo. New
Mexico. J. L. IRVIN,
436 Register.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
. - ' . - - - - '
Department of the Interior
U. S. Land OfXice at Phoenix, Ariz
August 15, 191S.
July 20, 1918.
Notice is hereby given that George
L. Dunn, of Stark, Arizona, who, on
April 17, 1913, made Homestead entry.
No. 022187, for W. hk N. E. hi, W. hi
3. E. hi. Section 35 and on Feb. 17,
1915, made additional Homestead
entry. No. 026765, for S. E. V, N. W. hi,
E. Vs S. W. hi. S. W. hi S. W. hi. Sec
tion 35, Township 23 S., Range 22 E.,
G. &. S. R. B. Meridian, has filed no
tice of intention to make three year
proof, to establish claim to the land
above described, before Jared D. Tay
lor, U. S. Commissioner, at Bisbee,
Arizona, on the 19th day of Septem
ber. 1918.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Joel H. Allen.
Cornelius N. Driscoll.
Charles A. Martin, all three of Here
ford, Arizona.
Charles H. Miller, of Lowell, Ari
zona. 594 JOHN L. IRVIN, Register.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Ariz.,
July 17. 191S.
Notice is hereby given that William
E. Davis, of Garces, Arizona, who, on
August 3, 1914. made Homestead entry
No. 025540, for Lots 6, 7, E. '-i S. W.
4, Section 6, Township 23-S., Range
21-E.. G. & S R. B. Meridian, has filed
notice of intention to make three year
proof, to establish claim to the land
above described, before Jared D. Tay
lor, U. S. Commissioner, at Bisbee,
Arizona, on the 19th day of September,
1918.
Claimant names as witnesses:
II. Vincent Davis.
Robert K. Todd.
John Ashwortii.
Lee Aston, all of Garrrs, Arizona.
D97 JOHN L. IRVIN. Register.
CHRISTIAN SCIENTISTS"
. AID ALL IN SERVICE
Christian Science camp welfare
work is now being carried on in fer:y
fivo army and navy ramps in tsc
I'm'ted states under direction of the
Christian Science war relief and ramp
welfare committee of The First Chur' l:
of Christ. Scientist, in Boston. Tia re
are at present about seventy men and
fifteen women engaged in this work,
tile women serving mainly as welfare
rcnii' attendants.
Conducted at lirst independently, the
rarnp welfare work has been merged
with t!i" war relief work which t.'io
Christian Scientists were doing in for
eign countries bctore tiiited States
entered Hie war. For both these pur
poses about one million dollars have
been raised.
The aim of the Christian Science
camp workers is to be as helpful as
possible to all the men in the camps,
whether or not they are Christian Sci
entists, and particularly to give assis
tance which may not bo aulaMe at
the time or place through any ot the
other camp welfare agencies. A fea-
ELEVEN RECRUITS
OUT FOR DRILL AS
RESULTOF STORY
Further Accession to Training
Squad at Lowell Hoped for
Within Next Few Weeks;
Akward Squad for New
Men
As the result of a small local story
ot the Lowell training camp for civil
ians made in Thursday morning's Re
view eleven new men appeared on the
grounds that night to learn the rudi
ments of military drill. They were put
in an awkward squad to get the funda
mentals down and when they have be
come sufficiently proficient they will
be transferred to the regular com
pany for advanced drill. As new men
are added from time to time they will
be placed in the squad for beginners
(awkward sounds too discouraging)
until they have the rudiments. No
matter how green you are about mili
tary matters you have the same
chance as the others because you can
start at the bottom the same as the
rest and the sergeant won't cuss you
if you make a mistake. If you are
physically fit and between 18 and 45
the training you can get down there
in a few weeks will be of inestimable
value when you get In the service.
Several of the boys who have gone
to the front already have written
back that the short training they got
before they left has helped them Im
mensely in getting ahead and given
them a tremendous advantage over
those who have had no training at
all. Some men are reluctant to go the
first time but there is absolutely no
reason to feel that way about it; just
hop on the car and ride down to Low
ell. Then get off at the Lowell stop
and follow the car track along the
Junction fence until you come iu
Sight of the camp. There is a trail
going right to the camp and besides
there will be a bunch of other fellows
going there at the same time. Fol
low the crowd and you will come right
to the camp.
Don't put off coming down any long
er and kick ycursell when you get
in the army for not taking advantage
of something that you had a chance
to. The more men that come down
the better the drill. Mr. Broughton.
the instructor, has been through two
terms of the officers' training camp
and is thoroughly qualified to drill the
company. The men ail appreciate Mr.
Broughton's work for their benefit
and the work he is doing surely is a
valuable piece of war work. Some of
the older men who are too old for ser
vice are attending the meetings to
help out, espectallynhose who have
had military training in their younger
days. Cut out the movies for a few
nights a week and devote them to
something that will da you some good.
After a little drill you will begin to
walk straighter, to feel more self con
fident, and to feel that you are a real
ly valuable member of society. You
realize the benefit. All you have to
do is to overcome the inertia. Make
up your mind to come down Monday
night on the 6 o'clock car and don't
fail for we will be expecting you.
j lure or this phase of the work is an
j arrangement for keeping soldiers and
j sailors in close touch with their rela
tives.
Cooperating with the committee in
Boston, there is a Christian Science
jcamp welfare.cominittee in each state.
I The committee in the home state of a
. soldier or sailor cooperates by mail
and telegraph with the committee of
the state in which he is camped or
Btationed to form a o:;reci and con
stant link between the soldier or sailor
j and bis relatives. Thereby the rela
tives are quickly made acquainted with
j needs of their boy in the service, and
! Jie is provided with an avenue of quick
j communication with his home.
I This linking of home ami ramp, com
I bined with tho personal attention of
j tn e Christian Science workers in the
I camps, has frequently been the means
j of changing a soldier's outlook from
' one of gloom to one of joy, and not
; infrequently it lias proved to be the
I means of relieving relatives of fiiian
, cial embarrassment, the committee in
.the home state making leans for use
I by the relatives until tJ'.eir boy 111
j camp should be prepared to forward
j money to them.
Healings Recorded
1 The net result, for which the Chris
tian Science committees and camp
workers have received many commen
! d. it ions, lias been a noticeable raising
of the morale of many men in the serv-
ice and the development cf a be"er
j tee-ling at home regarding the partici-
pation of their beys In the service.
The camp workers ,-iay there is an
increased w iliinrness a.nim; l'c com
man lirig officers and .surgeons to allow
Christian feciene e trei.:ment fer those
men who ask tcr it, m-ny Chris
tian Science he.'l'nss have been re-((.rd-il.
Recently, two requests f"T
Chrsiian Science services in hospital
wards were received by ramp werkers
lr m medical inr. rs who had observed
tho In neficial effects of Christian Science-
treatment.
In or near irimc runs ramps, tin:
Christian Science- roainettees have
en-'-ted substantial buildings, with
quiet places for reading and writin?.
and other buildiiiir-c are i:i course ol
construction. A light tearing car h:is
I eeii addeil to t'u; equipment of the
Christian Science camp workers at
e n h rau.p t be used w herever and
whe.necr possitle in ..assisting the
aieu.
I Jerome: Win k is bt ing done mi the
I Insu i.ve at tik- Verde Combination.
: Some good copper ore running ti to is
; p'r rent has been uncovered in drift
I No. 1.
LODGE NOTICES
Cards of every fraternal order in the Warren district; giving the essential
facts of each, their meeting nights, their officers and the place of
gathering will be found under their respective headings in these columns.
BISBEE LODGE NO. 718.
L. O. O. M.
cneets every Tia.ay
uignt. Moose Man.
visiting urotners cur
dially inviieu.
K. I. GLKASLl.N,
Uictaior.
KAY ROSS, i-ecj.
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
DREAD NAUGHT
U O. U NO. 210.
meets in I. O.
O. F. Hall tirst
and third
MONDAY at
7:30 p. m.
Visiting broth
ers cordially
invited to at
tend. VM. T. SMITHAN. W. M.
ROBERT FERGUS, Secretary
P. O. Pox 426, Bisbee.
BISBEE LODGE, NO. 10, I. O. O. F.
metric A v o r V
I . ' ''4k. 'I- 1. .1 ...
evening at Odd
Fellows' Hall
Subway street, at 7:30 o'clock. Visiting
brothers cordially invited to attend.
Hall phone 119.
G. A. PLUNKETT, N. G.
LESTER EUSTACE, Sec'y.
PYTHIAN SISTERS
Lily Temple No. 3 meets every 2na
and fourth Tuesday evening cf each
month at Odd Fellows Hall. Visiting
sisters are cordially invited.
MINNIE BLUM, M. E. C
Phone Black 851.
IDA GLAZE, M. of R. C.
Box 1475
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED
AMERICAN MECHANICS
Meets in I. O. O. F.
Hull First and Third
Saturdays. Visit ing
In others welcome.
S. F. BENTON, Councilor.
F. M. WILLIAMS, Rec. Secy.
BROTHERHOOD Or AinERICA
YEOMAN
Richard I, Ho.neteiid S95, meet sec
ond and fourth Tuesdays at Medigo
vun nail. isiting Ai chord are cui
uiaily invited.
MitS. C. C. F1NLAYSON,
Foieman, P. O. Box 1526.
E. D. STINSON,
Correspondent, Box 149G.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Ariz.,
.... t July 13, 19 IS.
Notice is hereby given that Dayton
L. Graham, sr., o Bisbee, Arizona,
who, ou August 14, 1912, made Home
stead entry, No. 01S933, for E. hs
N. W. hi. K. Vi S. W. t. Section 6,
Township 24-S., Range 22-E., G. &. S.
R. B. Meridian, has filed notice of
intention to make five year proof, to
establish claim to the laud above de
scribed, before Jared D. Taylor, U. S.
Commissioner, at Bisbee, Arizona, on
the 17th day of September, 1918.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Dan McGowan.
William Ryan, both of Hereford,
Arizona.
J. Bostick Williams, of Bisbee, Ari
zona. Ben Morgan, of Hereford, Arizona.
596 JOHN L. IRVIN. Register.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Am.,
June 2' 1!1S
v-,.,Vn iu l,er..hv riven thnt liernice
r.h..,ov f,r.,,..riv'lt,ri,ie M Davis, of
j
Hereford. Arizona, who, on March 26 ' 1:1 Cochise County, state of Arizoi.a.
1915, made Homestead Entry, No. particularly uescnoed as follows: Lut
027079. for South Half (S hit). Section PJS. uiutk I6 u Townsite of War
10 Township 24-S, Range 22-E. G. & j ren, according to the map of the l,wn
S.'lt. B. Meridian, has filed notice oi site ot Warren tiled lor record in the
fnt...,ii(.n to mk Three Year Proof. I ouice of the County Recoi'ucr ol said
to establish claim to the land above
described, before Henry C. Beumler,
U. S. Commissioner, at Douglas, An-
zona, on the loth day of September.
191S.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Frank C. Cobb.
Angus Gillis.
Charles Martin.
William Ryan, all of Hi reford, Ari-
joiia.
JOHN L. IRVIN.
Register.
NOTICE OF GUARDIAN'S SALE OF I
REAL ESTATE. i
i
In the Superior Court of the S'ate of ,
Arizona in and for the County of
( 'ocliise.
In tho matter of the Estate of Jaiue.;
Butler, un Incompetent.
Notice is h"reby g:eri, that in pur
suance of au order of the Superior
Court of the Statu of Arizona in and
for the Couti'.y of (':;, '.!!. e, i..ade o:i
the 2 Hit day .t' .'.u;, i-r, 19!:-., in the
matter of the estate of ,hi;-.i.-s Bailor,
an incompetent, th undersigned,
guardian i f the esttili: ot said James
IlutltT, wi'.l sell, at private ale. in
t n ; parcel, to tip. light- t hidd. r upon
'.he terms stnil c-ri'tit ion ; h"re:iiafier
mention d. aul subject to the confir
mation of sail! -o':r;, nr. or alter Mon
day, the 9ih i iv ui September. P.ilS.
:.ll of the ri.:.t t. n;-e;est a::d es-
t lie ot sai l James ii-.tller. all Incom
petent, in ami to the hereinafter lie-M-rilied
real estate. to.it:
The surface t nly with a depth of
Foi'y tli'l et-t rumediatcly beneath
the sulfate ot I'll that certain lot.
REVItW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS
. Rathbone Lodge No. 19
Knights of Pythias,
meets each Tuesday
(except seconii) in Odd
Fellows' Hull at 7:30
p. m. Visiting brothers
cordially invited.
H. E. WOOTON. C. C
W. E. McCALLUM. K. of R. S.
LODGE-NO. o71
Regular meeting first and third Fr.
day of each month. Visiting brotherb
cordially invited to attend.
JAS. ALLISON, Exalted Ruler.
R. J. KELLY, Secretary.
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD.
LoweJl Camp No. 4b will
meet every 2nd and
4th Tuesday at 7:30
7:30. Finish Hall.
II. C. LANDAU. C. C
O. U. THOMAS, Clerk.
All Woodmen Invited.
ORDER OF EASTERN STAR
meets in .1a301uc iiao
Pearl Chapter, No. 6, meets
(Li2Jf in Masonic Hall second and
fourth Tuesday of each
month at 7:3u p. m.
MRS. 5TMMA WOODS, W. M.
Phone 161, Box 43, Bisbee
MRS. JESSIE BEVAN, Sec'y, P. O.
Box 2299, Chairman Relief Coin.,
Phone 161.
FRATERNAL ORDER OF EAGLES
Bisbee Aerie, No. 175, F. O. E., meets
first and third TUESDAYS, S p. m.
Eagles Hall. Visitors cordially wel
come.
J. F. W1I.MOTH. Presdciit.
F. C. FKNDERSON, Secretary.
C. L. EDMUNDSON, Aerie Physician.
FRATERNAL
BROTHERHOOD
T. F. B.
I mm
Bisbee- Lod'e No.
452 meets the 1st
and 3rd Monday?
of each month at
7:3U at Medigo
vich lla'.l. Visit
ing members cordialU invited.
B. F. MOSS. President.
MRS. C. E. FINOTTI. Treasurer.
Box 722. Tel. 236. Red.
HONORA MUNCH, Secretarv.
Box 1621.
MODERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA
Bisbee Camp No. 13415.
Meets 1st Saturd;
jledigovich Hall,
i. L. MOTZ, Consu;.
A. p. mathewso:-:.
Clerk.
WEEK ENDING SEPTEMBER 7, 1918
Monuay
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday Blue Regular
Friday 3rd Degree.
Saturday
W. W. GIDLEY, W M.
B. T. W ATKINS, Sjc'y, F. &. A. M.
J. W. TOLAND, E. H. P.
C. F. PHILIIROOK. T. I. M.
F. E. BENNETT, E. C.
i' S. DAVENPORT. Secretary Chap
ter and Comniandery.
W. R. BANKS, Secretary Council.
I Plet e or parcel of land, situate, lyin
li'nl "'8 ltie Town.-ite ot Uarrcn,
; Cochise County on the 11th uay o: '
January, 19u7, at 1:30 o'clock I'. .M ,
iu uok One of Maps at pages lu j i i
; HO.
Tho terms alii conditions of sale: !
it.a.-h, iu lawful money ot the Unilt d ,
j States; 10 per cent of which is to be j
' paid at the Lime of the making of said !
I sale, and tho balance thereof to be
i paid upon confirmation of said saie
1 o cue until, au uias uuu ciiiers niusi
. ho in writing, ami may be lett at the
fifl'ii-e of Flan iiraal .V- Mm-rv. Iiihi-e.
Arizona. attorneys for said guardian.
may be delivered to sid guardian iu
said County cf Cochise, or may be
filed in the ouice of the Clerk of tue
Superior Court at any limu after the
Lrsi publication of this notice and be
tore making of the sale.
NELLIE BL'TLER.
Guardian as Aforca-d.
Dated. August 2 1915. Jj1
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT
the County of Cochise, State
Rrizona
In
of
NOTICE TO CREDITORS
Estate of Uo".' C. Jacobs, deceased
Notice is her h,- given by the under
signed, Nora I'liM.wi. administratrix de
bonis non. of the estate of Roy C.
Jacobs, decease d. to the c reditors of
and all persons having claims agam.-f
the said dec-ease !. to t xliib.t tin iu
with the necessary v.mtinis wub.in
four ( II mom lis ;. :i er the first pub In i
tion ol this nolle. I the said adminis
tratrix lie bonis inn at the culue e"
Flamgan Muny. attorneys at law.
Bisbee. Aii:on.i. the same being tin
place for the tiitn.-ae ion of the bu. i
ness tit said estate, in said County of
Coc hi.-c.
NORA UKOWN
Administratrix C" bonis mm. of the
estate cf Rov C. Jecobs, Deceased.
COLLINS &
BRETHERTON
We Specialize In
JEROME
AND
OATMAN
STOCKS
Jack Bldg., Main Street
Phone 26 Box 1129
C. H. HOGAN
Office Below
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
Phone 121
REAL ESTATE
RENTALS
FIRE INSURANCE
NOTARY
Phone 121
Office Below
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
C IL HOGAN
I
Removal Sale
Nov on for One Week at
Fruibnan's Fashion Shop.
Special Bargain on
Waists, Skirts, Dresses and
Underwear
25 Per Cent Discount on
All Orders for Tailor Made
GariT-er.ts Received This
Week.
FRUITMAN'S
FASHIONABLE
LADIES' TAILOR AN J FURRIER
Hughes Block
Phone 74
cpp. Y. M. C. A.
Bisuee, Ariz
GRAPES
By the Ton, $S7.50
First Class
E. M. STEPHENS
South Bisbee Pool Hall
Richard Glaze, Oph. D.N.D.
Practice Limited to Eye and Nerve
Disorders.
Phone 156. Otfice and residence
first house west cf Masonic Temple,
Main Street. Bisbee, Arizona
Glasses fitted by the latest methods.
BISBEE TRANSFER,
STORAGE & COAL CO.
Warehouse & Office Opposite Dept
PHONES 640 and 50.
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Solicits Your
Patronags
PHONE 58
City Dye Works
Cleaning and Pressing
Phone 739
Opp. Y. W. C. A.
HENNESSY
Undertaking Parian
it
FHON'E 15.
O K ST.
I rSx CATARRH
i TvtU;.,,
THE REVIEW
job Department
will furntoh you a : t-stttna'c
on that iob on c! ort nittc
A te .na .
I 2LADDER
u.jt- t
F'Warw Cef-tf-rfru t
WVN'AVXVWVVWSftMfi X '
SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 1, 1918.
m
hich Is More Important
If we are to win the war, all of us must
sacrifice our personal comfort to a certain
extent. Loaning your money to the Govern
ment means personal sacrifice.
13
Your Personal Comfort, or the
Winning of the War?
AN-U
Cm Cm ?
United State Food Administration License No. G-13942
AUGUST CLE
i
r5
US
9mm m
In All Ready -to -Wear Departments
This Sale brings to you the Lest bargain news of 1918 offering ycu all the remaining warm weather merchandise at much lower prices than we have quoted before. Let us remind you that while
cost of goods arc advancing steadily much of the merchandise offered in this sale can be used next year, when such prices as these will be impossible. Therefore we invite you to take full ad
vantage of the best bargains we have offered this season. fotVit!;-
SUITS
Less Than 2 Price
Women's Suits of fine
silk, also wool serges, woel
following big reductions.
$ 1 9.50 value, special $ 8.50
$26.50 value, special $12.50
$32.50 value, special $14.75
$35.00 value, special $15.75
$36.00 value, special $16.00
taffeta, faille and gros grain
jersey and poiret twill, at the
$39.50 value, special $17.50
$4 1 .50 value, special $18.50
$34.50 value, special $19.75
$48.00 value, special $22.50
$65.00 value, special $23.50
SILK DRESSES
At y2 off
Women's elegant Silk Dresses of crepe de chine, fou
lards, veiled with georgette taffeta and all georgette. There
are about twenty-five of these spring models to clean up
at one-half price.
$16.25 value, special $ 8.25 j $30.00 value, special $15.00
$1 8.75 value, special $ 9.35 $49.50 value, special $24.75
$19.50 value, special $ 9.75 $59.50 value, special $29.75
$2k50 value, special $10.75 j $61 .50 value, special $30.75
$25.00 value, special $12.50 I $72.50 value, special $36.25
Wool Skirts
Women's fancy wool Skirts, in
checks, plaids and palm beach, to
close out at one-half price :
$ 6.50 value, special $3.25
$ 7.50 value, special $3.75
$10.50 value, special $5.25
$ 1 0.95 value, special $5.45
Middies and Smocks
This is an offering you will ap
preciate, Women's and Misse3
Smocks and Fancy Middies in good
colors, values to $1.75, for 95c; val
ues to $3.50, for $1.75; values to
$4.95, for $2.50.
Sleeveless Jackets
Just a few of these Sleeveless
Jalkets remain in wool, jersey and
fibre, and will be closed out at one
half price:
$16.50 value, special $ 8.25
$19.50 value, special $ 9.75
$20 value, special $10.00
Veilings
Veils will be an important acces
sory this fall, being worn with every
style hat. See our large assortment.
Wash Skirts
Women's white wash Skirts of
cotton gaberdine, cotton corduroy,
and pique. Values to $4.50, special
$1.95.
Corsets
. In corsets it is true economy to
buy one that ('tis well and insures
good style and healthful comfort. By
purchasing a Redfern Corset you
combine all these qualities. We have .
them in front and back-lace pink
and white brocaded, $3.50 to $10.00.
BLOUSES
A clean up lot of Blouses in voile
and tub silks, with values to $3.95,
clcse out prices, $1.50.
Women's White Dresses
A wonderfully pretty line of Women's Was h Dresses, made of fine voiles, organdies and
batistes, to close out at one-half price and less than half.
$ 7.95 value, special $3.50 $19.50 value, special $9.75
$1 1.95 value, special $5.75 $22.50 value, special $11.25
$26.50 value, special $13.25
$13.50 value, special , $6.75 $29 00 value, special $13.75
$15.00 value, special $7.50 $33.50 value, special $14.95
$17.50 value, special $8.75 j $45.00 value, special $19.75
Women's Wash Dresses
Women's colored Wash Dresses, in cotton voiles, linens, fancy ginghams. There are about
seventy-five dresses; in all, to be closed out at one-half price and less:
$ 6.50 value, special ....$2.95 j $13.50 value, special....$ 6.75 j $25.00 value, special....$12.50
$ 7.50 value, special ..$3.50 $16.00 value, special $ 8.25 $26.50 value, special ... $12.95
$10.95 value, special ....$4.95 $18.00 value, special....$ 8.95 j $35.00 value, special....$17.50
$1 1.50 value, special ....$5.75 j $20.00 value, special....$ 9.95 $36.50 value, special....$18.25
$12.50 value, special ....$6.25 $24.00 value, special....$11.75 I $38.00 value, special....$18.75
ON OUR BARGAIN BOOTH
" An attractive showing of cotton foulards, 32
inches wide, in blue, green and grey, with white
' designs. These are wonderful values at 75c, yd.
special, 50c yd.
S tamped Nainsook
Sheer Nainsook, "Bucella Brand" Night Gowns
for women, stamped in many different dainty de
signs and are very easy to make up. They are
worth a great deal more than we are asking, special
$1.50 each.
BUNTING
We offer a lot cf Colored Cotton Bunting, 24
inches wide, in pink, light blue, green, red and yel
low, which will be placed on booth for sale tomor
row at 10c yd worth double special, 10c yd.
Scrim for Curtains
Tomorrow only colored bordered Scrims in
many pretty colorings, 36 inches wide, special
19c yd.
The new shipment of Bucella packages for em
broidering have arirved and are for sale tomorrow
in our Art Needlework Department. Comprising
Children's and Women's Night Gowns, Combing
Jackets, Aprons, Baby Dresses, Rompers, Boys' one
piece Suits, Ladies' Pajamas, Dressing Sacques and
Boudoir Caps.
Visit Our Silk Section
You will find silks on sale tomorrow that you
did not expect to see again for a long time. Hun
dreds of yards of the prettiest silks, in plaids and
stripes, in messaline and taffeta, 36-inches wide,
bought especially for this sale at low prices. Good
silks are scarce and high priced, but they are here
priced low that's what's of interest to you.
$2.50 to $3.00 values, special $1.95
Women Want Stylish Shoes
They must be comfortable, too but first of
all, they must be stylish. We have selected our
fall stock of footwear most carefully, we wanted
to be sure of quality as well as style. You .will
have no trouble in buying correctly fitted and
prices are reasonable, too.
MILLINERY !
The well-dressed woman of today expresses
much of her personality in her millinery. At this
store tomorrow you will find a pretty showing of
street hats that are as becoming as if they had
been designed especially for you. Be sure and
visit our 2nd floor tomorrqw.
Fibre Reed Furniture
This is the last opportunity to secure a complete selection of beautiful fibre reed
furniture, suitable for living rooms, bed rooms and general use, you have the choice of
fumed oak, frosted brown and old ivory. It would be great economy to avail yourself
of any porch furniture you may need at th 3 present prices. Our furniture department
is in a position to supply all your needs in furnishing your house at
Prices That Are Reasonable
5i cr
a
" V V ?!
I
THIS STORE WILL BE CLOSED ALL DAY MONDAY (LABOR DAY) SEPTEMBER TWO
tAA,RZJdAJU lllllxMjJXi LTMlUAI lUJ)Uf:uZ
r7 iTTTO ;i'A'Tm vrmnnr&mmffrtt'j
rtn
6