A
TWO SECTIONS
it it
Sixteen Pages.
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service.
VOL 21, NO. 99.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 6, 1918.
PRICE FIVE C2NTS.
TO
FIGHTING
FIERCE ON
JUL
French Gain Northwest of
Rheims and in Champagne;
Americans Push Ahead
Slightly; British and Bel
gians Held
TNDATED WAR LEAD, (By the
Associated Press). American and
French trooDs are crushing in the
southern wall of the German defenses j
withheavy blows along the front from
west of Rbeims to the Meuse.
In the north, under the menace of
' ,
the Rritish pressure from Flanders to
H . . .x. ,.!
VE75. and
FRONTS
.w . Mnt vln nrpr Tl eighteen miles from the nearest point
villages in that area, evidently inr P"P- on the ,mp0rtant railway. General
aration for retirement to the French
frontier. Heavy explosions have also! that 6tiffenin(, Gereman
been heard. resistance the American forces are
With the French covering the weit-j w onward and a distance t0
ern out let of the Grand Pre gap Ue R0(U bein? cut do rapId,y
inrougn ine Ai6mmc ,u.cl, .... To DacJ UJ tQat Amerlcan efforti
leans in an advance of three miles Genera, Marcn Bnowed that the flow
between the Meuse and Uie Aire areof Amerlcan troop to France contin-
rapiaiy closing up me eastern cu
trance to the pass. General Pershing's
men in smashing blows Saturday, rea
lized a. considerable advance all along
the front and took additional villages!
and heights from the Germans. The
enemy resitsance was most stubborn
as on this front the Germans are stand
ing on the Kriemhilde line, the last
of their prepared defenses.
The Americans are advancing to
ward Sedan and the great -communication
line upon which German secur
ity on the present front depends. This
important railway' is only 18 miles
from the American front.
On both sides of the Suippe the
American and French trops under
General Gouraud rapidly are drivinR
the Germans from the heights domi-(
nating the Champagne region aest or
Rheims. The Germans are retiring to
the river Arnes, but the Americans
already have reached the stream at
St. Etienne. Northwest of 'Rheims
the French have forced several cross
ings of the Aisne canal, endangering
the German rear in Champagne. A
German retirement on a considerable
front to a depth of at least five miles
in Champagne is not unlikely as a
result of the successes of General
XJouraud and BertheloL
From St. QQuentin north to the Lys,
on the front before the important
bases of Cambral, Douai and Lille,
the British are exerting strong pres
sure. The Germans are endeavorine
to hold on to their positions until
the work of devastation in their rear
is completed. North of St. Quentin
the British have driven further east
ward to the apex of the salient at
Beaurevoir and on Saturday captured
1090 prisoners.
Tn Belgium the forces under King
Albert maintained their pressure.
Since September 28, the Belgian,
French and British have advanced
nine miles on a 25 mile front and have
taken 10.500 prisoners and 350 guns.
GERMANS STILL CRY PEACE
A nowerful movement is apparently
people four miles north of Morgan,
(Continued on Page Elx)
VMS PLANT
TKv Review T.es-eJ Wire)
PERTH AM BOY, N. J.. Oct. 5.
Maj. Gen. C. C. Williams, chief of ord
nance of the United States army, ar
rived here tonight to conduct a rigid
investigation into the. explosions and
fire which demolished the shell load
ing plant of T. A. Gillespie & Co. at
Morgan, with the probable loss of fifty
lives and injury to 150 more work-
men. 1
uenerai iiiiaing . accumpanieit .
by. Captain Wilson, also of the ord
nance department, and Lieutenant De
N'ufiliso. a French ordnance- expert.
l pon tneir arrival iney weni into con-;
ference with the army officers already ,
here. General Williams declined to
make any statement until he had gone
more deeply into the circumstances
surrounding the disaster.
Late ton I eh t the flames which have
been sweeping the buildings of the Gil
AH EXPLOSION
lesnie plant appeared under control ithat tTie reference Belgium attrih
and there seems no danger they will ptnrf to Maximilian involves navment
reach the trinitrotuloul stores remain
ing untouched. There have been no
serious explosions since early in the
afternoon and no additional damage
has been done since then. Army offi
cers declare that the danger is virtu
ally over and they hope tomorrow to
begin a systematic search of the ruins
for the bodies.
Soldier guards with fixed bayonets
and with loaded rifles patrolled the
deserted streets with strict orders to
prevent looting or disorders of any
kind.
South Amboy, a town of about 10,000
(Continued on Page Six)
GOING GOOD!"
ACCORDING TO
GEN. MARCH
His Summary of War Events
of Past Week Most Opti
mistic, but Allied Gains
Since Last Monday Are
Small, According to Map
(By Review leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, Oct. 5 The great
trunk railway system near the German
border, which feeds the whole central
ah of the German lines .n France,
the goal of the first American army
j l""'u "c"c'al ',' el 01
'staff afli.1 torfav th Ampr rnna nro
8taf': 8a m y 6 T
making rapid progress. Official dis-
8h, he Americans to be
ues at a rate of more than a quarter
of a million a month. A total of
1.850,000 men have been embarked, he
said.
The chief of staff plainly made evi
dent his great pride in the deeds of
the American army in France, now a
vital factor In the stirring events
which he described. ,
"The news during the last week
from all fronts has been excellent," he
said.
"The three drives begun by the al
lies on Thursday, Friday and Satur
day have moved our line forward on
a front wider than ever, affecting
practically the entire line from the
sea to Verdun.
"Between the Argonne forest and
the Meuse river, the American army
has not only held the enemy's rein
forcements to that sector, but has
driven its way forward on its entire I
front to the Kriemhilde, a position j
wtiere the enemy is standing. The!
American divisions at that point
i . 4 v .. : n 3 11 '
lurcnicu me uiuiu rauruaa line 01
communications from Germany to the
west front, the railroad coming
through from Germany and passing
(Contlnned on Pag Six)
saheWstory
hun peace plea
WASHINGTON, Oct. 5 An Austri
an appeal for an armistice for discus
sion of peace on President Wilson's
own terms, is reearded here as the
logical sequel of the president's recent
summary rejection of the proposal
that hostilities be suspended for secret
and non-binding peace discussions.
What the American government's
answer to such an appeal would be is
indicated by the statement authorized
when the Austro-Hungarlan foreign
minister complained that his accent
npee Of President Wilson's principles
had not been noticed that peace could
not be talked of upon anv terms so
long as Germany and Austria occu
pied a single foot of conquered terri
tory. OfflfinlR TlPfP will ho surnricaH 1
neither by tha Austrian armistice plen.
which Bern press dispatches throueh
Paris tonight say is coming, nor bv
a similar move by Germany herself,
whih the new chancellor, Prince Max
tmilinn of Baden, is .said to have pro
TtoJ0d. or to he aoout to pmnose. in th
reichstag. There is no disposition to
believe, however, that an early end of!
the wr is in sight, in spite of the fart
that the Germans are known to be
desperately ansxious to halt hy diplo
macy the steady advance of their ene
mii toward the German border.
The proposal to send plenipotentiar
In e ne'Ural place to disrnss ones-
tlina r9 m laaviiB trtr Intnrnntlnnal '
blfration 8d disarmament, is regard
ed as a transparent effort to antici
pate the peace council nd probably
would not he entertained for a mo-!
mpilt fr fhat rpBSnn. The sam m.
iw.Mon n 8eBit discussion of the
federalization of Austria, the rtsht of j
se'f-determlnation. of the Russian bor.
der states, restitution and indemnifi
cation of RelKium, "ntonomy for Al-1
paee-Lorrain and the return of the
German colonies. It l not douhted
of an indemnity by joint contribution
of all the powers, an idea slreadv
scornfully relerted bv the entente in.l
utnn"my for Alsac Trraine in the
German scheme nroably means a
plebiscite, which wo'ild not return
tno provinces to France now that
nearly p'1 the adu't male French pop
ulation has been driven out.
T" rennrted Intention "t Germany
An"trT4 and TurVev to peV President
Wll'nn'a rod office to arranee an
armlstl'-e lilr the other moves aiH
to be impending, would be received
here as nothing more than a continu-
(Continued on Page Six)
THE WRITING ON THE WALL SCARE AT OLD KING BELSHAZZAR'S
. FEAST HAD NOTHING ON THIS
j . ' 1 1 1 1 1 ,)'-
Iiltl!lSlllIi;V' Msmmmm:
Women's War Parade Great Success
The spirit of freedom and democra
cy and no peace but a victory peace,
flamed as brightly in IMsbee last night
in honor of "Wome5 War Work
Day" as a beacon light.
"Buy Liberty bonds until it pinches;
load up to the limit and then some,"
was the rallying cry of the hundreds of
enthusiastic lion workers, who partic
ipated in the great patriotic demon
stration of the Liberty loan parade.
There was never such a spectacular
appeal in the Warren district in fos
tering the spirit of patriotism as this,
and the cry in the soliciting of bonds
instead of being "buy a bond." as it
was in the former campaigns, was
"buy as many bonds as possible."
It was an inspiring example of emu
lation to see all Bisbee turn out in its
array and the crowds of people who
did not take part in the parade gath
ered along the sidewalks and cheered
the serried ranks of women who mov
ed along down M;Un street, up to tho
City nark. The crowds were not out
to celebrate with any hilarity and fri
Health Officers Take Drastic Steps
The city and county health officers
yesterday at a meeting held in the of
flee of the Warren District Commer
cial club, took decided steps to try and
prevent the spread of influenza in thi?
district. The matter was thoroughly
discussed and as a result orders were
Issued last night to close all the thea
ters, public schools and churches; thit
no lodge meetings be held; that all
dances and other public meetings be
discontinued, and that all places be
fumiaated. Street cars will be allowed
to carry only seating capacity. The
mines will also endeavor to assist. Th
change rooms are to be fumigated
daily and Instead of nine men going
down in th'e cases only five will be
allowed and they will be required to
stand back to back 'so that none of
them will be breathing in the other's
face. The soft drink places will be
allowed tn remain open but no on1
is allowed to be spated. Drink and
move on is the order.
Wliile there has been no deaths from
the diseaso so far. there are one or
two rases where congestion of the
lungs has been noticed Hue case, that
of a man named McMillan, who is
rooming at the Park hotel, is siid
to be by the physicians as quite dan
gerous. From investigations made bv th"
authorities it has been discovered that
the disease came Into the ditrlrt from
three d'rections. Three fmiilies that
returned from California Inst Wednes
day on the same trai', r.re all now
confined to their homes with the dis
ease. A vonng ladv came from Tpxas
and went to a ranch near Oshorn
and she was taken down, as were nil
the members of the family that she
came to visit. The rase at the Park
hotel was also traced to Texas. Mc
Millan recently came to Bisbee from
there. The Mexican woman on Chi
huahua hill came from Sonora.
There has been no iiuarantine placed
atainst the town and parties are al
lowed to come and jto at will. There
l no use of a quarantine being placed
against the district, as the disease is
volity, but were out to arouse the
spirit of the Liberty iw in order to
carry Hisbee's quota ''over the top."
The C. & A. band, playing national
airs, led the great parade to the City
park, where hundreds of people assem
bled to hear the address of Mr. Ingles,
who was sent here from Phoenix for
the occasion.
The background of the platform
from which Mr. Ingles delivered his
oratorical address was most impres
sively set with the flags of the allied
nations, together with Liberty loan
banners bearing the many newly coin
ed war slogans. Mr. Gaines, county
chairman for the Liberty loan, intro
duced Mr. Ingles.
Every power of oratorical deliver
ance was manifest in the address of
the evening, and ever holding before
the public the meaning of the great
spirit of American freedom.
"Doing your bit for the war in a
common, simple, every day expres
sion," stated Mr Ingles in the open
ing of his address, "but remember,"
to be found In all of the cities of the
west.
I'p to last night there had been
forty cases reported to the health of
ficers, but it is expected by morning
that the number will be greatly in
creased. There is no need of the citi
rens of the district becoming unduly
excited and it is up to them to try
and assist the health officers in stamn-
i ign out the disease.
At tho meeting yesterday morning
I Dr. C. H. Hunt, county health officer,
outlined conditions as the- now exist,
j He explained that to date he had via
I ited about twelve cases of influenza,
j In every rase, he declared, the patient
jwas young and healthy. With Only a
1 few hours of illness, they appeared to
have been very sick for several days,
' and some showed markedly the effects
of the disease. He explained the ease
with which the disease is spread, and
the rapidity with which it finds its
way about a community, and the ex
treme necessity of taking immediate
SECRETARY LANE
SUFFERS TEMPORARY
COLLAPSE AT RICHMOND
(By Review Leased Wire!
RICHMOND. Vt., Oct. 5. Secre
tary of the Interior luine collapsed
while making an address here to
niuht in thf interest of the Liberty
lonn. Physicans rushed to attend
him, but after five minutes Mr.
Lanr struggled to his feet, inter
runted an announcement by the
(hai:man to the effect that hi3
speech would not be concluded und
insi:tcd upon resuming. Cheers
g-retcd hi'ii as he arose, and he
finished his address, though with
a weakened voice.
Acute indigestion was given as
tMe cause or the secretary's illness.
He was able to return tonight to
Washington.
he continued, "that the one who is
really doing his oit, in the full senss
of the work, is the soldier on the
battle front, and not the ones here at
home. It is the soldier that does ev
erything when he gives his life for
the ones at home."
Mr. Ingles next outlined the his
tory of Germany 200 years prior to
the war, and traced it down to the
present time, showing how through
the long course of those years the
German people -have, always been for
bidden to be taught anything in re
gard to civilization, pointing out clear
ly why America's forebearance and
patience for which she is world noted,
could no longer endure the touch of
Germany's hand of destruction.
"Germany has branded America as
a coward," declared Mr. Ingles, "and
it was not until America's . flaming
torch of Liberty was set aflame that
that ruthless nation has found it oth
erwise. No matter what we do, but
(Continued on Fa Tn)
preventative steps. He recommended
the closing of every school and of all
the other non-essential places of gath
ine. the fumisation of street cars and
carrying of only capacity loads, that
is the seating capacity of the cars, and
plenty of fresh air and light and sun
shine in places which must be Vept
open and in the homes. No crow Is
will be permitted to gather on th
streets and it is urged that no gath
erings be had In private homes.
Dr. N. C. Bledsoe, member of the
city health board, concurred with Dr.
Hunt in his outline of condition in
the district, but added that he believed
the preventative measures should be
carried into the mines and suggested
that the companies be requested to
load cages to half capacity during the
prevalence of the contacion. He read
reports of Surgeon General Blue of
the United States army, defining the
disease and givine preventative meas
ures, and. told additional details of
cases which he has seen in the dis
trict Dr. D. Brown, city -henlth officer.
t.pok brieflv. adrlliig that in cases
wh'ch he had seen in this district one
of the marked characteristics Is a
congestion of the lungs. He empha
sized the admonition of the preceding
speakers that preventative measures
should b taken immediately, not onlv
hero in Bisbee. but everywhere In the
county.
They called attention to the fact that
the drain of physicians from the dN
trict for the army has left the dis
trict Insufficient medical men to cope
with a drastic epidemic.
Precautionary measures for Indi
viduals were discussed, and the health
officers agreed that they will give
vide publicity to means which each
person should adont to prevent con
taeinn. Plenty of fresh air. plenty of
sunshine, avoklance of crowds, o?
similar exposures, were the principal
preventative measures suuEested bv
the health officers. Later they will
give wide publicity to means of In
dividual effort to assist in checking
the spread of tho disease.
INFLUENZA
IS GAINING;
ARIZONA HIT
Were 17,383 New Cases in
Army Camps Alone EI
Paso, Phoenix and Jerome
Close All Public Places
Oiy Review I.ea..l Wirf)
WASHINGTON. Oct. 5 Spanish In
fluenza increased more rapidly during
the twenty-four hours ending today
noon than in any similar period since
I the disease became epidemic. Reports
! to the office of the surgeon general
I of the army showed 17,.'is:5 new cases
in army camps.
Ths new cases represented an in-
crease of 44U8 in comparison with the
j number reported for the preceding
twenty-four hour period. A total of
2141 new pneumonia cases were re
' ported, an increase of 2S7. Deaths at
camps totaled 653, an increase of 390.
500 CASES AT WINSLOW
WINSLOW. Ariz., Oct. 5. Five hun
dred cases of Spanish influenza have
i made their appearance here. An ap
i peal was sent to Phoenix. Ariz., to-
; nignt ior doctors to assist in caring
ior me sunerere.
EL PASO CLOSED TIGHT
EL. PASO, Texas. Oct. 5. All social
and amifsement activities were sus-
: pended here today because of the
1 Spanish influenza epidemic. Theaters,
j churches, dance halls and cabarets
were closed today by the city board
(Continued on Page Six)
!S DELIVERED
WITH THE FRENCH ARMY IN
FRANCE. Oct. 5. (Hy the Associated
Press.) The deliverance of the mar
tyred city of Rheims appears to ba
final tonight. Fort Belmont and the
height on which it stands fell into the
hands of the French troops this morn
ing and the heights eastward from the
city, including the Teton, Mont Cornil
iet, Mont Sans Nom. Mont Haut. the
Casgne and Mont P.lanc are clear of
the enemy. These advances leava the
Germans east of Rheims in only a
sharp pointed salient, of which the
apex to the south is- St. Leonard, from
which in all probability they are re
tiring as fast as possible. It is hardly
possible for them to remain there in
thP face of rapid concentrated march
of the two French armies.
Take Fort Brimont.
PARIS. Oct. 5. Fort Brimont ha
been captured by the French troops,
the war office announces tonight. The
massif of Moronvillers has been take:i
and the massif of Nogent L' Abbesse
encircled. The statement adds:
"We hold the whole course of the
Arnes river. We have crossed tho
Suippe river at Orainville and tho
Arnes at several points.
"In victorious attacks our troops in
collaboration with the Americans oa
the Vesle front and In Champagne,
compelled the enemy to make a gen
eral retreat toward the Suippe an 1
the Arnes. He abandoned strongly
fortified positions held since 1914."
Gain in New Sector.
PARIS. Oct. 5. The German re
treat before Gouraud's army, which
is supported by the Americans on the
right. is quickening perceptibly.
French troops this, afternoon reached
Bethenville, lying about three miles
north of Moeronvillers.
WITH THE BRITISH ARMY IN
FRANCE. Oct. 5 t By the Associated
Press) The British are on the canal
bank from Don in the nofth to Tont-A-Vendinl
in the south. The Germans
are evacuating Lille.
Along the Scheldt canal the Pritish
launched an attack this morning which
carried them over the waterway from
Bantouzelle to a point three miles to
the scuth. A terrific British barrage
now is falling over the ground three
miles to the east of this point upon
the Wallincourt line which is the last
of the Hindenburg system in this liv
cality. and from it the Germans arc
now fleeing.
Immediately to the south the Hin
denburg system has been already
pierced and there has been desperate
fighting here all day long, in which
the British have been signally victor!"
ous
The Germans delivered counter at
tacks but these were smashed and
(Continued on Page Fix)
FROM MARTYRDOM
BRITISH BEAT
HUNS TO LILLE
LOAN
PASSES
A BILLION IN
SLOW DRIVE
Not Encouraging, Say Offici
als; Must Excel This Rate
in (Twelve Working Days
That Remain
iP.y Review Leael Wire)
WASHINGTON, Oct. 5. Official re
ports of Liberty loan subscriptions
gathered by banks up to the close of
business last night and compiled late
today by the treasury, showed a total
of 11.097.611.650.
"While the actual sales through air
agencies probably is somewhat in ex
cess of this figure," said the headquar
ters review, "the results obtained In
the drive thus far are not highly en
couraging. The campaign now has
gone through seven working days and
only twelve more working days re
main. Approvimately $5,000,000,000 in
subscriptions still must b raised if the
total amount asked by Secretary Mc
Adoo is obtained. The daily average
which must be achieved between now
and October 19 in order to put the
loan over the top is about $416.000.0(0.
Late ofifcial reparts show that only
two districts, St. Louis and Boston are
maintaiuing the pace that must be set
if the loan is to be subscribed.
District Subscription Per Cent
of Quota
47.3
St. Louis $123,219,700
Boston 167.477,750
Minneapolis 63.977.950
San Francisco 93.3S5.600
Chicago 173,297.750
Dallas 19.074.050
New York 266.098.000
Richmond 40.532,100
Cleveland 76.326.700
Philadelphia .... 57.40S.600
Atlanta 9.543.450
33.3
31 4
23.2
204
15 1
14.7
14.4
12.;
11.4
50
Kansas City No report.
The opening of New York's drive
among wealthy men and organlrs
tions today resulted in a subscription
of $6,000,000 from the John Hancock
Life Insurance company, an addition
al $1,000,000 from John D. Rockefeller.
$1,400,000 from the International N'ck
el company and $1,000,000 each from
the Delaware and Lackawanna rail
road and the Lehigh Coal sale com
pany. In the New England district 14S
communities have gone over the top.
BOLSHEVIK VERSUS TURK.
(Hy Review I.eantl Wire)
AMSTFRDAM. Oct. 5 The Russian
note to Turkey published by Vor
waerts concludes, according to a Ber
lin dispatch:
"The Russian government is oblig
ed to state that' in consequence of the
action of fhe Turkish government. the
treaty of Urest-Litovsk. which waj to
have established peaceful relafimu be
tween Russia and Turkey, is null and
void."
It is understood that this applies
only to the clauses in the treaty con
cerning the relations between Russia
and Turkey.
WITH THE AMERICAN ARMY
NORTHWEST OF VER1UN. Friday
Oct. 4 (By the Associated Press).
The late hours of today's fighting ac
companying the American advance
witnessed a notable increase in the
heaviness of the German artillery fire
and the activity of the German AvI
ators. The ferocity of the fighting a
the liours progressed indicated the
desperate earnestness of the enemy.
As one means of holding up the
Americans push the Germans had cut
down trees in the Argonne and inter
laced wire nmong thiese obstacles.
Behind the barricades thus formed,
the enemy machine guns contested
the advance.
Tho effect of the American artillery
bombardment is known to have been
considerable. It left one battalion of
the enemy with only two machine
guns.
It also has been learned that two
of the seven guard divisions on thi
front have been badly cut up sine
September 26." One battalion had only
150 men left. -One of the guard di
visions has been taken out of the
fighting altogether-while another has
had its ranks filled in with Land
wehr. AMERICANS STILL H ELD UP
WITH THE AMERICAN ARMY
NORTHWEST OF VERDUN. Oct. 5,
11 p. m.. (By the Associated Press.)
The Americans again met with des
perate resistance all day long and had
(Continued oa Pag Six
AMERICANS
FIGHTING HARD THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 6, 1918.
THREE PIONEER OFFER OF PRIZE
MINING MEN DIE . r FOR PRESERVES
DURING WEEK! AT STATE FAIR
"BEGIN CHRISTMAS SHOFPING NOW" This is therequest of our government. This year it is urgent that the great congestion of
stores and transportation facilities during the latter part of december be avoided. Begin your X'mas shopping now confine your gifts to
useful articles except those for small children.
TWO
i
t
MOHAVE COUNTY LOSSES TRIO
OF MEN WHO DID MUCH TO
DEVELOP THAT SECTION OF
THE STATE ALL ARE WELL
KNOWN
PRIZE IS OFFERED. TO HOUSE
WIVES FOR BEST PINT JARS OF
PRESERVES WHICH WILL BE
LATER DISPLAYED IN WINDOW
AT PHILADELPHIA
KLVGMAK, Oct. 5. During the past
week three pioneer mining men ol
this section have died in different,
parts of the ' country. All of them
have contributed to the discovery and
development ol the northwestern part
of the state.-. In . a recording of the
death of them the Mohave Miner has
the following fo'say:
Col. Tohmas Ewing, one of the best
known mining operators on the coast,
was found dead in bed in a San
Francisco hotel a few days ago. A cor
oner's inquest found that death was
from natural causes. He was ovei
SO years of age.
Colonel Ewing had been operating
mining property in the Forest section,
of Humboldt county, Nt.
There are few old time miners on!
the Pacific coast who do not knowj
Col. Tom Ewing. He has operated
from Alaska to Mexico. He helped:
build the first mill on the McCracken;
mine in this county and was also thej
the builder of the mill at Providence,
mountain, in San Bernardino county,'
California. Haiso built the Pyramind'
mill, the Leland mill and the Victorj
mm, in can r ramiscu uimiiui, nn
county.
Dies on Witness Stand
W. H. Smith, one of the we.il kr.own
mining men of this county, but who!
has been maintaining his residence in
Los Angeies, died on the witness stand,
while testifying in a mining suit, at;
San Bernardino, on we 1Mb. of this
month. Mr. Smith had recently Bold
a manganesite mine to a group of men
and after the sale the property was
jumped. Suit was brought to establish
title and it was while testifying In the
case that death came to Mr. Smith.
- The body was taken to Minersville.
Utah, where burial took place on the
24th day of the month. Mrs. Smith
nas at that place at the time of his
death and all the daughters, nine in
number were present at the funeral.
One of the daughters, Mrs. Harry Le
llair, lives in Oat man.
Mr. Smith formerly lived in King
man and owned property in the Me
Cracken country. He was one of the
discoerers of the Gold Springs mine?
and sold them to the present owners.
He made several fortunes, but like all I
men who engaged in the mining game,
he spent freely. He was an active
spirit in the mining world of Ne-.
vada, Utah, Arizona and California. '
and lie will be greatly misfed by all
the old timers who knew him well and j
liked him for his many good Quaii-;
ties.
Dies in San Diego
Robert G. Paterson, one of the pio
neers of this county, died Monday last!
at his home in . San Diego, aged 92
years. ... . j
Robert Patterson came to Mohave
county in the early scetenties, when
the boom was on at Mineral Par!;.!
During 6is early days in the county;
he followed teaming, later going into
the business of mining, which occu-''
pation he followed until the late nine-'
ties. Mr. Patterson was the discoverer',
of the Prince Albert mine, at White :
Hills, from which he emassed a for
tune, finally selling It to the White
Mills company. During the Klondike
excitement he went into Alaska, but
failed to land anything good. He hid
made his home in San Diego the past,
twenty .years. In 1880 he built the
mill at Grass Springs, which was op
erated for about a year on ores from
the old Eldorado mine, in Gold Basin, !
which he then owned. j
Mr. Patterson had many friends in :
this county who will learn of his de
mise with regret. ... !
Iucreased interest In canning by the
cold pack method has prompted the
offer of J. B. Lippincott company, pub
lishers, of a copy of Miss Ola Pow-:
ell's book "Successful Canning and
Perserving" as a prize for canned pro
ducts at the Arizona State Fair. The1
prize is offered to the housewives who '
exhibit the best pint jar of preserved
figs and the best pint jar of sweet po
tatoes. This two-Jar exhibit will be
sent, after the prize Is awarded, to
Philadelphia to become a part of a
permanent window display that is be
ing used as a means of stimulating
an interest in canning fruits and vege
tables. This permanent exhibit will
represent the varieties of fruits ot
the different states from which they
come.
Miss Powell's book which is offered
as the prize, contains 371 pages and
164 illustrations. It Is regarded as
the authoritative work on the preser
vation of food. 1Mlss Powell has
learned the very best methods from
wide experience and has been able to
impart this knowledge so that every
one who follows her instructions may
perform the work successfully. Of
the twenty chapters in the book, some
cf the subjects treated are: History
of the development ot scientific can
ning, preparation and equipment, can
ningin tin, canning in glass, jelly mak
ing, drying fruits, vegetables and
herbs, use of fruits and vegetable-s ini
diet and the business side or can-j
ning.
Those competing for ;:ie prize:
should enter 'the two-jar exhibit at Ihe
I'niversity of Arizona, home econom-;
ics booth, at the State Fair not later
than November 10th. The exhibit is ;
in charge of Mrs. Mary Printer Lock-;
wood, state leader of home demonstra-i
tion agents to whom Lippincotts are
sending the prize book to be award-j
ed at the close of the fair. Compe-j
tent judges will be chosen to decide,
on the jars for which, the prize is toi
be awarded. !
This contest will make a double ap 1
peal to the Arizona housewife and it ;
offers an opportunity to win the prize:
that is well worth having, and also:
affords an opportunity, to place iu aj
permanent exhibit . Arizona products ;
that will reflect credit upon the state.:
Any one desiring further informa-i
tion will receive it by writing to:
Louise. Sporleder. county home demon-1
stration agent, 354 Tenth street. Food j
Administration building, Douglas, Ari- j
zona. ' !
WOMEN'S WAR PARADE i
WAS GREAT SUCCESS )
'Continued from Paire On)
Fourth Liberty I.oan Bonds ready
for delivery. Pav cash and get yours
now at the MINERS AND MER
CHANTS BANK. 88
when we do the thing before us, let
us first ask ourselves this question.
'Is what I am going to do to be a
means of helpiftg to win this war, or
is it goina; to make it harder?' If the
conclusion to which you come will be
cf help to win the war, I say do that
thing! But, on the other hand, if it
will make it harder, I say do not
do it."
After, dilating upon the purpose of
the Liberty loan drives, Mr. Ingles fur
ther added that we must make ever:;
sacrifice that may come before us, and
buy Liberty bonds to the utmost of
Qiir means for in this war money is
not the thing for which we are flcht
lng, but it is human liberty that is
at 6take, and must be boiiek't. In
speaking on the various conditions of
the war and the hardships through
which many of the nations involved
had to go. Sir. Ingles stated that we
must not despair, but rather "look
toward the ray of hope; that ray of
hope which Is "America'. American peo-
pt?.: and the American spirit wtiicn
was raised in '76 with the flaming
torch of Liberty, and givln? to Ameri
ca the name it bears today, the cra
dle of human Liberty."
HANDS ACROSS THE SE.4
Marshall oir Douglas Haii;, at l It, and Major (icn.-rnl !!. !!.
The brotherly feclins existii.t U tween Fnulnl ami Anu i j, ,( nnii
air.or.c: ail of the allies as well is sfcovn v. the above picture. Mijor Gen
eral Cell of the L'. si. A. is shaking bands wivh Jlarshai. Sir Douglas Haig,
XMAS. GIFTS FOR SOLDIERS
You know, of course, that you Christmas package to
the beys "over there" must be mailed before October
31st. This mean3 you must secure the gifts for your
boy very soon. Here you may obtain little comforts and
necessities for him, whether he is in cantonment, on a
transport or in the trenches.
Lead Them
-Buy Liberty Bonds!!
The Government
Asks Us
to Save
all peach, plum and prune
stones, also shells from wal
nuts, hickory nuts and butter
nuts. Carbon or charcoal made
from the above materials con
stitutes one of the best absorb
ents of poisonous gases and is,
therefore, a vital part of the
gas masks manufactured for
our soldiers in France.
Will you dry your stones
and deposit them in the red,
white and blue barrels at th?
entrances of this store?
HELP TO SAVE
LIVES
The Biggest Bargain
the World Has Ever
Known
THE GREATEST BARGAIN EVENT IN HISTORY is now in
' full progress. You have the opportunity to buy safety for a demo
cratic world, you can pay for the breaking of the power of the German
menace, you can buy peace with VICTORY, you can buy the guar
antee that your children may live in security you can buy Liberty
Bonds! "!
i".r s
Any money price you pay for all these things is cheap dirt cheap.
The splendid men who fight for us on the many battle fronts pay an
immeasurably higher price.
And 3rou get your bargain and you get your money back with in
terest, unless, God forbid, you should fail to do your duty and make
it possible for the kaiser to get it and you and your all.
But you will not fail. No fear of inability to meet payments, no'
inclination to let others do your share, will prevent your buying to
your limit and beyond. Buy liberally and EARLY !
PETTICOATS ALL OF SILK
The Patriotic Fabric for Autumn
Straight . lines, clinging fabrics to achieve the narrow-in-at-the-'
ankles silhouette.
Jerseys, taffetos, satins, trimmed with ribbon and fancy silks, hem
stitching, pin tucks and sherrings. Priced, $3.95 to $12.50. Colors
that harmonize or contrast prettily with suit or dress shades.
New Fall Frocks and New Fall Coats
Your buying time is now, and one has only to see the garments that
have come to be part of this presentation, at the prices, to appreciate our
shewing.
The beautiful new frocks, many of which have a war-time atmosphere
in their simplicity, are prettier than you could imagine frocks to be at the
prices we are asking. This comes as a direct result of our efforts to bring
ior your approval, the very smartest styles of the season, at prices in
keeping with the desire of this department. The best for the least.
THE DRESSES
Are embellished with fringes,
beading and clever touches of em
broidery, in self contrasting colors.
Panel tunic and Cossack effects, ir
regular tunics, surplice and straight
models. Fine lustrous satins.
French wool serges and jersey
cloth are the materials most in demand.
THE NEW COATS
With their graceful straight line
effects, smartly belted, in styles
that are approved by fashion and
perfect tailoring. These "may be
had in velours, kersey, novelty coat
ings and silvertones.
Some have kit coney collars, oth
ers plush and self trimmed.
Choice of navy, brown,, tan,
plum, burgandy and etc.
Robing and Blankets
Probably the best robing that ever has
been brought out in any country is the Bea
con brand, made in Rhode Island. Beacon
robes are soft; warmer than wool; comes in
beautiful designs and colors and are very
durable. We show about 50 different pat
terns, including baby motifs, Indian effects
and conventional figures, and we have cords
to match every shade.
You Prefer
Blouses that are
Unlike the
Usual
It would be a fairly safe ven
ture that The FAIR blouses
are your choice. 1 he Fair
blouses ARE They do not
simply aim to be they are
I he rair blouses arc oifferent
ARE just a little bit more
distinctive than the usual run,
because there is a certain con
centration of blouses .t The
Fair a certain joy in seeing
and finding the new the in
dividual 1 trrUiii! pledge
v'iih ourselves to reach higher
standards. Blon n lover
. !kuM view purlu'iiitirly soui'
of !.( ncuv.st modi" Is row !
imj shown --grorgHU- (rcf,
rep" d rhino .r-d lam v laf
fe'-is. A f.isi. in1; o!l"i I i' in
it !5 5i (o J12 50. .
Fashion and Autumn are Recommending
the New Plaid and Serge Silks, $2.50-$3.00
For fashion and autumn know of the richness of these silks.
They are 36 inches wide and they are now claiming particular attention in the
sill: department, that is splendidly ready with the new fall weaves. 1 hese are priced
at $2.50, $2.73 and $3.00 yard.
CREPE DE CHINE AT $1.65
500 yards of 40 inch crepe de chine, and the color assortment is unusual to say
the L"st. Choice of black, white, navy and light blue, maize, tan, sand, French
grey, Belgian, Russian pink, flesh and etc. '
50-in. ALL WOOL FRENCH SERGE $3.00 yd.
Jus! to say ail wool serge is quite an achievement these days, but when yen
couple it with a price such as $3.00 per yard, it is a double achievement; colors
navy, Belgium, cope, wine, plum and black.
NEW BROADCLOTH COATINGS $5.00 yd.
AncWhis is the time when these rnateiij should he claiming your attention. The
now auMipin shades are very beautiful and V.r price is within reason.
36-in. DRESS SA TIN $2.50 yd.
-;u '-ti vi-ii iustroiis satin. The wev.r .ivoi.'-d above all others, shown in the
V"-.i '. lor shades for street and afternoon wo.u and hat is very important, the
Nal'.t .??.j0 is more than surprising. L i. rstraoidmary.
26-in. MESS ALINES $1.35
-'r. j.-l th' sh.idos of the rainbow for timniu; n.id d.eoo mileriil.
it Mm. J
I,
7.S
- I 4 H
Big Lot of
New Pattern
Hats
fu! Arrived
frond designers now es
tab'ished in this country, visit
Paris frequently to secure ideas
and examples. They return to
Nov York and develope mod
elf lhat plese cur most par
ticular patrons fetter than
mc:! !3 designed in foreign
lai'dr, whevc there is less un
derstanding of our American
womri' an.l our types of beau
t ineri-311 made millinery
will 1 - foatured this week in
our ni'linery department
second floor.
k ti ' THE BIS bet A1LY REVIEW, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 6, 1918.
thre
WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO SAY
WHEN THE BOYS COME BA CK?
THE PEOPLE OVERRULED
J APS SALUTE AMERICAN TROOPS PARADING IN VLADIVOSTOK
The Story of How Tom Campbell Was Deprived of the Governorship
After Having Been Elected by the Feopie. Not Only
Counted Out But Forced to Pay $4122.25 to j:
Hunt as Costs c !
5 i
"The opinions of th court are pub- facts gave Covcrnor Canijjbell a ma-j
lished to the world, and remain upon jorily of sixty-seven votes.
its archives for all time, and their! George V. 1'. Hunt, the contestant,!
errors anc injustice, if any, may be! could have drought t lie case before1
detected and exposed." ?ny if the fifteen superior judprs in1
Chief Justice Alfred Franklin. j the state of Arizona, but he chose j
This is a brief story cf the pro- Judge Stanford, one of the presiding
J
:"'
V
j 5 f -.
c -
4 vs-
ceedm.es by which Tom Campbell was judges f Maricopa t-ounjfy, and a
deprived of his office as governor of Democrat.
Arizona, to which he was honestly,' Following the decision of the trial
and fairly elected by the people of crurt against tiiem, attorneys foi
the state in 1916. ! Hunt appealed to the supreme court.
Following the general election held' August 6. 1917. F. C. Struckmeyer,
on NovemberTth, 1916. a canvass of one of the attorneys for Hunt con-
the returns of the election judges of testant, field an abstract of record andj
every precinct in the state with the brief in the supreme court. The ab-
exception of Wilgus in Cochise county strart was incomplete and Tom Cainp-
and Camp Ten in Coconino county was bell's attorneys were compelled by f
made by the supervisors of every conn- the supreme court to file nearly four;
ty and was sent to the Secretary ot hundred pages of an abstract to ever;
State after a. substitution was made supplement and correct the record.'
in Coconino county at the request or causing an extra expense for Governor
Campbell. The answer and abstract!
were field in the supreme court. j
Supreme Court Seats Hunt I
The case was argued in the supreme!
court on the ISth day of October, and!
lasted three davs. The court ren-1
V "!
the secretary of state.
Campbell Declared Elected
The secretary of state made a decla
ration of the result of the canvass
showing that Campbell had been elec
ted by a majority of thirty votes
George V.
-i' J . i 1 ' --rj A'- w SpT
.'?A :i ' V
American expeditionary forces in Vladivostok.
P' Hnnt the defeited ere' "s decision two days later, on
-ted a contest, his at- lumber 22. 1917. Governor Camp-!
American troops in Vladivostok
"re shown in the photo parading
before the building occupied by the
staff of the Czecho-Slovaks. The
American boys are being saluted
by the Japanese marines who are
standing at attention as the U. S
soldiers inarch by. The troops ar
bound for the interior.
tornevs filing and serving papers on h('n was lsent from fie eapitol. but thir.sj wrong being done, yet the unim- given out at 6:22 p. m., and cast at'cou!d not stan1 IoT tnis barefaced in-
Tiiomas E. Campbell on Wednesday,
December Cth, 1916, at
charging fraud and irregular!
evprv nreeeinrt in evprv rnnnlv
state. The next morning at 9:30. at- Attorney General Wiley K. Jones, or-'snW! hits of rubber and paper still
tcrnevs for Hunt demanded immediate dfred Governor Campbell to vacate adhering to the ballots where they
production and inspection of sixty odd ,be cUu immediately, despite the us. i,ad been erased.
thousand ballots of the state. , ,ia f:!",et',1 da-vs in wh,"h ,,lp ,0SPr :n. Watcher Was Intimidated
n r ..: the sut)reme court is irranted. as ani
usiram nciuKl vnnitiie 1 .... ' . . Tim nnr co-- that nn narlr
The thirteen hundred of them who have left Cochise
county, these boys you knew, these boys who left your own
town, your neighbor's home, maybe, to fight in blood and
dirt that you may be secure.
What are you going to say to them?
And what are you going to say to their mothers and
fathers, your friends and neighbors, who have given flesh
i and bone of their bone to stand between you and the Ger
iman fiends that threaten you?
What are you going to say to them?
, When the boys heard the call, "Your Country Needs
You" they did not begin to argue about crco or trade con
ditions; not one of them said, "I can't afford to go." Thev
' gave up home, loved ones, income and wages, went into
! hard training, braved submarines, lived in trenches, and whtn
j the time came they went against those Germans and covered
j themselves with glorv that has added a new lustre to the
I American name and flag.
They did not do it complainingly, grudaringly, as though
i they were doing someone a favor. No! They went with
I a smile; they marched with a song on their lips, they bled
with a grin, and some God rest their souls died like heroes.
Friends and neighbors! Can't you see that we have to
support these boys of Cochise county, these boys of Ours,
even if we have to starve ourselves to do it? Argument
about this Liberty loan business is out of the .question. Our
Hunt's secretary, who had already re- neached testimony of DeDutv Sheriff i (1:2.1 n. m.. under threat of Bill Clearvi justice, and dissented.
4:30 p m'., turned to Phcenix and had made ar- Cross says that after hearing com- to blow up the pells, and where I. W.' Three supreme court judges, all of ( very sense of deeency alone compels US to lend to the utf'T
rularities In rangement:to lease a house demanded points of Irregularities he inspected W." and an ex-convict wire permitted , onB party, reversed Stanford's decl-t J . .. J r
ounty of the possession of the office at once, and the ballots being counted and found to come and go with voters as they!sicn- after rumors cf their decision ; most dollar.
chose, and solicit votes .within the!naa Deen auoeu to lea out lor two, j-or Us to talk about our dollars as though they were
w.,s,M3.P,Ce". HUn!'S majrity herejn,onthV crowina Injurtice j .acred, when the boys of Cochise county are giving their
Numerous Irregularities Exposed To. add to the injustice. Governor! fresh and blood, is impossible.
In Miami precinct No. 3 the voters I Campbeirs salary for 1917 was given! We are to be pitied that we can do SO little let US at
compared their ballots and opinions, to Hunt, who had acted as and re- . , , . . r
on candidates, and no secrecy was en- reived a salary as United States medi-Uast do that little gladly.
Let us lend as the boys of Cochise county have given.
ual ntteen days in whfh the loser m
the supreme court is granted, as an
n, rrofarv nt tao rcfnco.1 m ' rpportutiitv to seek for a new hear-
f V r" V P.-.vrmnr r.m,..e11 ,rrrn.lere,l rns. rcCtTd is that Mr. C. W. RedlinS was
CAre or election on nemann. nirnouirn - . , ,
these certificates had been earlier is-
watcher made any complaint. The
The court itself, in its decision, de-
. scribes the marked ballots in Doug
las No. 1 as being mutilated. The
session of the office to Hunt on Christ- l ,n tu- lo 've "e p.a-e unue-i
m;s n'nrninu'. at 10 c dock. ",f" 1 ' l '
On January Tth a request for a re.
hearing was made by Governor Camp
bell's attorney.
Tfvntert r.nt rminv error? in tlie Qll
preme court's decision. This request !av lhat mutilated ballots shall
was denied without any explanation ' not be counted, but the supreme court
bv the supreme court on Monday. "ei over seventy mutilated ballots
January 14. 1918 , 1 Ftoujr'as c. 1 for Hunt.
1, ,. I The sworn inspection notes made
Hunt Dechnes Challenge !by Hunt., insportors and subnll,ted
The more not.ible errors in the case tn9 supreme court in the manda
are now pointed out in Governor raso troue-M by Tom Campbell
Campbell's final appeal to the high- (0 obtain possession of his office, ad
est court in the state of Arizona. the,,ted osg cf sixteen votes from
Will Of the people. Governor Camp-! :l,0 fifr ial rslnrna nf IVimrlns Pro.
retary of State Osborn forty minutes bavinc publicly challenged Hunt cinct 0 i There were more bal
after the signing of the agreement : to uut tliis ouestion un to Hie neoDle w ,y,a n hi, Tiio
f f the state in the coming election. J ballots, after beins changed, did not
, 0"s Fraud in Douglas Precinct j a?ree with the count, hut the supreme
0; tC the scjisations of the trial COurt held that the ofircial returns
of cot test case was the exposure 0f ,, election board were correct. '
f the rrcss fraud practiced in the p d. s Jud stan.J
frst lire-inct of Douglas, where forty . 3
v.ii... j r iord
lU UilliUIS Writ- VllilJlJiU IIUlll V i!IllJ-
bell to Hunt by the election ofifcers
cf that prec'net. The lower court
which examined these ballols was con
vinced, and any school boy could teli
upon examination of them . that th"
cress oppos;te Campbell s name had
sueu luiiuwiug previous eif-uuiis. -
On December 18th, I1G, Judgr
St'anford threw the contcM case out
cf court because Governor Campbell
bad no certificate of election. On De
cember 21st. 191 G, an agreement was
signed at 9:00 o'clock in th morning,
on which Governor Campbell's attcr
neys, In order to liurry the case,
waiv- d a jury trial. They also allowed
the contest case to be resumed in the'
superior court in exrhanee for the cer
tificate cf election to whih Governor
Campbell was entitled.
The certificate was issued bv Sec
forced. Hunt's majority was 292. ; ator auing tne same time. Governor;
In Cottonwood, Yavapai county, an lamppen was also fined In addition
1 1IJ -.i t r fl -ltrt. tiUll IMiai u Jltrl nr -- !,,oo- i .
complained of the method of counting I election official, one Willard. brothel -122.2o as a judgment to Hunt for,
" . 1 ... . . a -ftihnl rimer tha nnutttn t n. trklnh kA w .
of the state game warden, prepared I holding the position to which he was
sample ballots for the voters to copy;e,ected by the people, and to which!
from in the booth. Hunt's majority j 0'is same supreme court said he was
here was 19. . entitled. ;
In Swansea precinct, Yuma county.1 Was This a Square Deal
residents of California were allowed
ANOTHER AUSTRIAN ON THE
SKIDS
to vote, drunken persons were assist'! bell was elected governor by the peo
ed to vote by a deputy sheriff.. voters pie.
could see each other's ballots, and 14 boards of supervisors said Tom
twelve ballots were opened out and Campbell was elected governor by the
attached to certificates by officers of people.
the election board and over the ob-! 1 election certificate said Tom
ffty Ttovlew lxiwl W!r)
' LONDON, Oct. 5, 6 p. m Baron von
I Hiissflrek the Ansfrian nrimp minhifpi
8774 election judges said Tom Camp-, has resigned, according to a dispatch
connected with the foreign office here,
even though this for many reasons
may net be thoroughly demonstrated
in his statement before the reichstag.
TURK PRISONERS TOTAL 79.CTO
from Zurich, Switzerland, to the Ex
change Telegraph company.
PRINCE MA XIS NOT PROUD
mv Review Leased Wire)
LONDON. Oct. 5. 6:30 p. m. SeT-enty-one
thousand Turks have been
taken prisoner by General Allenby's
forces since the commencement of the
British operations in Palestine and
Syria, according to an official state-
On Monday. January 1st. 1917, Gov
ernor Campbell went to the state capi
tol to be ' inaugurated. Notice was
given that only twenty of his friends
would be permitted to enter the capi
tol building. Gunmen barred the en
trance to the executive ofifce. assist
ed by deputy sheriffs of Mark-op
county, who stated that Governor
Campbell could not tuVe office because
January 1st was a holiday, although
the sheriff and his deputies had taken
office on that date.
Supreme Court Seats Campbell
On January 2nd
again endeavored to
uui "aa luu.-m u? ii-iul. theory
io aays arterwaro proceedings were ballots, when as a matter of fact no
brought by Governor Campbell in the detectives were employed in the cr-.s"
supreme court. Twenty-three day uutf tlse ballots were in the pors-
later the court suggested that it would ;on Dr he sut)eiior court at Phoenix,
be well for Governor Hunt to soon Tse inRp(ction in the court at Phoen!-.
vacate the office of governor because f!rst d;scios,.d that thev had been
Governor Campbell-had been eletted. n;u, Hated, and the inspector of the
had a certificate of election, and was election precinct had fled the state,
qualified. Record Contradicts High Court
Campbell Takes Office The supreme court says that Vail
Governor Campbell was admitted to of the effieirs who officiated were'
his office on January 29, 1917. residents and electors of Douglas pre-
The inspection of the ballots, whieh cinct," but the record shows they left
was started the early part of Decern- this precinct to vote in the adjoin-!
ber,' was completed and the contest ir.g ones where their names fwere
trial began before Judge Stanfor , written on the prscinct reeister. as
January 25, 1917. The trial was fin prcvided by law in Par. 2S91. The
The supreme court would net con
sUlcr 'he confession of H. H. Hart,
the rler-ticn judge, made to Bruce
S'cl-.oisrn, assistant countv attorney
r CocMse county, in the hearing of
o.uot'-er reputable attorney, nor the
rr.nfcsioUMi cr Hart, made to v. .
fBv Review t-easeri Wire)
jection of the voters. The vote here, Campbell was elected governor by thei STOCKHOLM, Oct. 5. Prince Max
was 50 ror Hunt and nine lor camp-! people. Imilian ot Baden, the new Imperial; ment issued tonight by the war office,
bell but onlv 48 ballots were received! 1 superior judge, after five months i German chancellor, is willing to ac 1 This is in addition to 8'tOO prisoners
in the official package from this pre- hearing of all evidence, consisting of 'cept President Wilson's fourteen peace claimed by the Arab army. Three hun
clnct. : five volumes and 3389 pages, said thn conditions, according to reparts re-'lred and fifty Turkish tf.ins were
In Curtis precinct. Cochise county. Tom Campbell was elected governor 1 celved from Qerlin by circles closely . taken.
the election board cbaneed the poll-l by the people. ; I
ing place from where the board of! All election returns and records ballets counted for Hunt and ballots A HERO PASSES,
supervisors designated. One of the, then and now said Tom Campbell was thrown out. which should have been! Pv Review Leased wire)
election ofifcials instructed his daueh- elected governor by the people. , counted for Campbell, will be sent! WINNIPEG Man Oct Col C
eat Camnhell I. , , i j , rr.iilcsoUMl cr Hart, made 10 W. . -
seais vampoen been erased and another placed afl'T ui v i. i,.i .t r; . legi
Governor Campbell Ti1Infs name ' i Hol'hpr,n tl,e bearing of five wit,
to take hi office 1 , . A ,u nrss.-s. one an ex-l'nited States mar- " '
,ahe nls 01 1 lie. i-j,e supreme court adopted th" , , , ,, ,t, . f 1 voti
iv Gnvemrr Hunt . j . , . sl-al. and another the city attorney or
iy ooverncr num. theory that detectives changed the , .,.... . i cmr
ter in the polling place to vote the, But one exception three supreme I oostDald on aDDlication to
straieht Democrat! ticket, to avoid , Judges, Franklin. Ross and Cunning-! AMPBELL VICTORY LEAGUE.
j niHK'ni; a iniisminr.- a ii tuic iiaivi, aiu ; u. Box S9T,
fee Hunt and one for Campbell. A copy of pamphlet, "The People)' Tucson, Arizona,
In Eagle precinct electors voted be . Overruled," containing specimens of '. Advertisement,
j fore the polls were open, one Wilt-'
ttnnlr n tlnmnrroMn ennrltrlntA tnw the
I J. T. Stewart, officer commanding the
I famous' Princess Pat lieht infantry
regiment, was killed in action last Sat
urday, according to word received
here.
islature. electioneered in and out
the polls all day, and procured the
oting of electors from other tr-
This evidence was never hout the transfer required
uv law, uy uuermiiiiiiK vh uitr inter
phone that they were on the registei
of adjoining precincts. Here the
voters could see each other's ballots.
Douglas.
itr neached.
Ji'dfe Stanford, in ruling on this
nrrcinct, pf;er listening to all the evi-
committed in Douglas precinct No. 1," Tha Democratic National Committee- j
nnd found the ballots were taken from .. I
Campbell and given to Hunt at some;
time during the count or shortly aT
terward.
"Carry
i present and took part in the discus
sion I f ho- the votes srrould oe
courvd. Hunt received .113 votes
ani Campbell 37.
In short, the supreme court did not
decide that anything was a violation
of the election law in Arizona. As
shed on May 2, with the decision t'
Thomas E. Campbell aj elected and
entitled to the ofifce of governor.
Campbell's Majority Increased
TBo court's supplemental finding oi
Tf Judge Stanford was correct in his
finding that the election officers stole
eipbtv-seven votes for Hunt in Doug
inn V 1 1 . i 1 1 ,ACt f t- rgmtihAll
" ' " ,',!, , A-t 'i the result of the work of over two
the sunreme court of the state of AN-; ,
zona, in decidine ngainst Campbell.)
gave mm me rawest aeai ever given
a man in the history of American
thousand election judges and officials.
' the review of forty-two supervisors
and the recount of their work by the
i
comno'ed of Republicans and Demn- cs' . , .. ,. ..
r - . . . , . The record shows tha? the supreme
lata. i hi; inriu ui iiiif u mi nniinB. . , , .... i
that no Republicans served. The court 0,0 SUnfort stating in his decision!
Tsaja kut-k 111 u .-1 ia;iui i UkTitu an-
ALLIED MJUTAKY A1ND CIVILIAN LEADERS
MEET AT AMIENS, DISCUSS WAR PROGRESS
countv re-convened within the six-day
1 pericd and duly canvassed the returns
of Camp Ten. which had not been re-!
'I
1
1
i l -kJ ' :v U .', " I
k cVi T
a ;- -w- --v - . ..3 i
i ; ' A
f t ; - ' I f
: 1 V - : I
! t i i-
t ( t: v' 1-1
A ? t '.4 j
. ' , . i:i i t . J A : V"":
,V i i ' ; . h j
- - : - i,- ;ti . i
b -r . a . u ' -t
these words, found on page 33SG, line
10. of the court record:
Hunt Beneficiary cf Every Doubt
"And further, I feel as though that
: but which the supreme court counted during the time of the counting of bal
' frr Hunt. lots and Passing on them, although 1
1 tv sunrrme court, in its decision. ma' be wrong in that regard, why, I
cTis'rueH the mark (X) as the word njvo rather resolved every doubt.
Vrs" as set fort in Section 291. ' where cr in any case where there is
Notice to Voters. They then loi Ued a dubt. in favor cf the contestant.
in the word "cross" in the Century Hunt."
Die'icnary. and urder the definition Wilgus precinct which gave Tom
of the word "cross" fennd four otfcer Campbell a majority and was on all
kind cf "crosses' whld thev snbsti-1 fours with Camp Ten, the returns
,t, im-ii- iyi in rvr.io- tr not having been received in time, was
.,ntv twentv-ei"ht ballots for Hunt.' nut counted, and" even Judge Ross J
while shortly before this in their do-'
On" S
mm
sunreme court or Maricopa county. iSt.s i &
j after five months' time, Tom Campbell! gp59lt
I was declared elected governor, even ; ?iStJif?rT--(f vis.
Allied leaders at Amiens.
Tliio picture cf an unusual prroup ot .-ni'itarv and civilian leaders of the
il. it-il r.iuiitri.i v.-jr tai;en at the railron ' s'ltiun at Amiens. From left
V . -.U.u tr. t'..c pitccre are: I.nr.I Deri.y, MritiVh ambassador to
1 1 ri.r.,f; Manual Io.h, add Marshal Haig of the JJritish forces. General
M oi (lain anj I'remier Clcmetu eau of France.
ci.lon vev held ':at a voter musi(
, f-ut stantiplly crnu.lv with the law. ,
Blind to Distinouishing Marks
Th" s'.ipn me court rays, in regard
to d'siinfirshine marks, in order to
coiinl a nuiinrlty of eight such votes
frr Hunt: "There is not a particle
of evidence H'-.tt ai.y of the ballots (
.'-ad tl.e murks new appearing on them
v.Ie-' i hey ver found in the ballot:
box." TI:ey might have said the same
thir.c about the voting marks frr can
didates, but Mils would have precluded
r.nv recLunt at all.
The siiprs r.ie court m.'.de no decision !
for fti'uaiice if the electorate in pre-'
I serving tli- sanctity of the ballot, but j
::llow(d Hunt's maierity to stand in
rree: iris in which bis supporters had
,'viol't d the laws tias-uvl to protect,
i ;!;e ballot, as in Douglas, where !! '.
' 'I'liniiieached evidence showed, be j
j i les cVinging some of the ballots, t' j
I I oaril bet on the election and coun' j
, i ldiilgc' in strong drink, usurped thr
I diities nf residents of the prec'net, left!
;t:iQ ballots alone with one individc !
r.:id v, ent into the booths with voter' j
"o'lf-ry to law.
1 Wohbiv Leader Intimidated Officials !
In P-l-'bre prerlncf No. 1 n"n-resl-
j dints served as ele-tjon officers, coun
ity and city officiaU were allowed to
I r mi'iii n' will, decide oii"s'ions atid
! b:'.li'-'e election offi'lals and even to !
i.:'t ihemsi-lves. People not on the:
j register ii or possessed with proper;
i ertil i ates were permitted to vote.!
n nfusion was perniitted, and the j)rlls,
k( pt npfii until t l,o last ballot wasj
r .
? .?r...
!
(' U.l.
t.Ra.w&e&ot-Cil
mm
liiiillniiiiiiiiii
'THE fighting slogan in France, gathering inspiration and signifi
cance as the conflict grows more violent and more desperate, is
"Carry On." On land, on sea, in the air, it rings sharp and clear.
Into the front line trenches comes the signal to charge. The
company commander swings "over the top." At his heels, pushing
and stumbling through the hell of "No Man's Land," come the boys.
They gain a yard, five, ten, and the machine guns speak. The com
mander falls, but over his shoulder, above the din of battle, he shouts,
"Carry On, Lieutenant!" So on and on, till every officer falls, and
the grizzled old Sergeant sets his teeth and takes what's left of
them on to victory.
"Carry On" mutt b our slogan here at home.
We must "Carry On" to the utmott limit cur
ability, to the last dollar of our resources till
Victory it won. Let us stand shoulder to
shoulder buy all the Liberty Bonds we Cin.
Let us Ateep our Bonds and sate to buy tno.e
ic
Carry On!" Buy Liberty Bonds!
space sucscKir.nD to wi:c.::;a t:iz war by
AL KOBEY THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 6, 1918.
PUBLISHED EVERY DAY EXCEPT MONDAY BY THE
STATE CONSOLIDATED PUBLISHING COMPANY.
CULLEN A. CAIN Editor and General Manage.'
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
The Associated Press is exclusively entitled to the
use tor re-publication of all news dispatches credited to
ii or not otherwise credited to this paper and also the
local news published herein.
All rights of re-publication of special dispatches .here
in are also reserved.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES, PAYABLE IN ADVANCE:
PER MONTH - -75
THREE MONTHS - 2.1!5
SIX MONTHS -
TWELVE MONTHS 7.50
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per year - 2.50
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per Quarter 75
No Subscription Taken Fop Less Than 75 Cents
A Vision
Friends, the mountain is in labor; soon
will appear an heir whose countenance will
shine around the earth. This is the dark
and heavy hour of the nation's prepara
tion for the great event. We sow and do
not reap; we weave and do not wear; our
toil is without recompense and our tear3
all in vain. Our boys leave home, not for
war, but for training camp. y Our railroads
strain with their burdens and our workmen
strive and sweat and our money is poured
forth in a flood, not for cannon and shells to
strike at the foe, but for a place and a ma
chine to make them; not for implements
and engines and agents of war, but for
the mould and roof and site out of which
these shall be born.
This is the hard time. But wait! The
hour draws near. Our cantonments and
factories and shipyards, both here and in
France, are being finished. Every day
marks a completed cradle for some mighty
child of war to be refeked in for a day be
fore it toddles to Flanders fields. Our ways
have been laid for ships, and soon keels
will grind their wooden sides. Our boys,
who went from home to camp by the hun
dreds of thousands are just going now
from camp to war. Nearly two million
over there, they say but patience! soon
there will be three, and then we shall see.
Three bond issues have gone before -and
the Marne and St. Mihiel and the Argonne
have been written as a balance against the
account. We are writing six billions more
on the debit side of the national book. Yes,
but when the June roses bloom in France,
the moving hand will write again on the
credit side and Valenciennes, Metz, Saar
brucken, Karlsrhue, the Rhine,, these will
shine upon -that page and their light will
dazzle the eye so that the figures upon the
debit side cannot be seen for their glory.
Patience, yet a little while. October,
November, December, dark, heavy, slow
months all, with our millions and money
and men and munitions and might all bur
ied under the motionless winter mountain
of snow. January, February, cold months
still, with tKe cruel, cunning Prussian bend
ing every mental effort and every depraved
strategem to escape his punishment in full.
Spiritual as well as physical courage will be
needed then; moral stamina as well as
mere gameness will be needed also. Wait !
Lift up thy heads, oh, ye everlasting gates!
Here are the winds of March blowing the
winter away. At last the mountain moves!
from its bottomless depths wherein we bur
ied our dollars and our men and our efforts
and our faith and our all so long ago comes
forth a flower of flame that shall bloom
and never die. In the springtime comes
the resurrection of every planted. flower of
hope and tree of life. Look at that western
battle front now, and you shall see.
Ah, what a spectacle! Line upon line
of moving men, and their columns shall
never end. And behind them are the gun3 !
Oh, the guns; thousands upon thousands
of them. Guns you have been making for
two years. Guns that had to be made be
fore those men could move. Look again
at these men. Do you recognize them?
Of course not. They are the boys you
used to know in the shops and offices and
stores and on the farms at home. But see
them now. Fighting men, finished and
fine. Wise and calm and tireless and skill
ful and resourceful and polished and feather-edged
and steel-tipped and copper-rimmed
and indomitable and invincible legion
nares of the new" republic of the west, come
to save the free peoples of the old world.
Nothing can stop or stay them and their
guns. What a picture of that coming hour!
And a picture as true and as sure as any
vision any prophet of the school of Ramah
in old Israel ever foretold.
This is the heavy hour. The winter of
preparation is not vet overpast. There is
yet much to do. The seed is only being
sown. Not for months will come the har
vest. We rrfust still buy bonds and give for
war work and charities and build and mould
and fashion and hammer and haul and
train and toil and sacrifice and talk and
stand steadfast and pray.
The blows being struck now upon the
western front are hard enough to turn the
tide of the war but not hard enough to end
it. Not this year, but next, will the stroke
go home. A million Americans were
enough to enable the allies to stop the Hun
and turn him back. Three million will
"carry on" to the Brandenburg Gate. Only
a little while, friends. Yet another hour;
a season of toil and waiting in the shadows
of preparation and sacrifice before the
dawning of fulfillment. Brave heart to do
and steadfast soul to endure to the end.
Must!
Local workers on the fourth Liberty loan
report lack of interest and enthusiasm. A
fairly good start has been made, but the
hard ground in the drive, is the second line
intrenchments, the second phases, after the
first burst of enthusiasm of the charge has
passed. This loan MUST be achieved.
America is pledged to it. In the Warren
district, as in every community in the re
public, public sentiment is overwhelming in
its unshakable resolution to its full quota
and over. The doubt and apprehension
and speculation regarding the first loans are
absent in the public mind today. Our peo- .
pie are settled definitely in their course to
wards a certain goal. The raw steel of the
lancepoint we directed towards the heart
of our enemies at the beginning has now
been tempered and stained with blood and
tried and not found wanting. Doing the
impossible has now become as common as ,
doing the difficult thing a year ago. Our
engineers in French harbors; our builders
on French roads ; our soldiers on French
battlefields, all have been doing the impos
sible for months past. And we are doing
it at home. Our conservation of food, our
transportation of materials, our assembly
and training of fighters, our building of fac
tories and shipyards, all these loomed as im- .
possiblities at the beginning of the year.
But we have achieved them. .We have
passed these objectives and still press on.
Our first and second loans were mountains
and we shook our heads over them and
wondered if we could ever surmount these
peaks. They are behind us now, mere hills,
and the Alpine height just ahead we know
' full well that we can climb and pass, too.
The eagle's unfilmed glance i3 fixed ahead
and above all obstacles. Just as well come
through now as later. For you and I and
all of us must come. Oregon, Iowa and
Montana have passed beyond every heighth
ahead, and Arizona, too, must pass that
way. Faith moves mountains, .they say,
and MUST passes over them. Our quota
must be raised, and the more quickly the
Warren district realizes this fact, the more
quickly will its task be accomplished. There
is no way around; no way under; no way
to avoid; no other way; we must simply
arise and gird our loins and buckle our
sandals and set our teeth and brace our
sinews and cut our purse strings and press
on, up, OVER THE TOP!
More Peace Yawp
T-r.w- Ju- J-- -r.-- . nsUW . jj
Beaten all along the western front and
Bulgaria lost to his cause and Turkey in the
last stages, the Prussian again cries for
peace. And as he cries with his lips and
protests his honest aims with his mouth he
leaves a fringe of machine gunners to de
lay the allied advance until his hand can ap
ply the torch and dynamite to the fairest
and mast famous towns and cities he is be
ing forced from in Belgium and France.
For the allies to listen to this whine or heed
for a moment this peace bait would be to
commit sacrilege. This is the most critical
period of the war for the allied cause. The
squirming, cringing Hun is trying to get
away under the smoke screen of the cities
he laid waste with the torch even while his
agents were crying peace. There is only
one road to peace and that is the path the
Bulgarian feet pressed the other day when
they threw down their arms and crouched
low as they passed under the portals of the
arch that guards the way. The allied prc3s
that play up these peace overtures in glar
ing headlines and the allied peoples who
discuss them are doing exactly what Ger
many wants them to do.
The kaiser's last call upon Germany to
"Stake blood and treasure to the last,' is
consistent, if nothing else. That has been
his call for four years and Germany has
heeded it as no nation ever heeded the call
of a ruler before. But has the kaiser stakrd
any of the blood and treasure of his family
upon the war?
Beaten But Not Broken j
Again this column would urge a cold,
calm, careful consideration of all bulletins
on the battles and allied victories on the
western front and the collapse and confus
ion of our enemies in the near and far east.
Our victories are local. The German is
being beaten and pushed back, but he is
fighting too well and with too much resolu
tion and skill to suffer disaster as long as
his spirit and organization hold to their
present tense state. With disaster threat
ening him on four separate and far flung
battle fronts since last Sunday, the German
has staved it off for a week by plain, hard,
desperate fighting and the sacrifice of re
serves. He has lost St. Quentin and given
up Lens and Armentieres, but so far he has
been able to withdraw in some order, tak
ing most of his stores and heavy guns with
him. He is fighting to save his armies from
rout and consequent disaster and he has
succeeded up to this time, thanks to his ma
chine gun defense and the men who are
willing to give their lives to maintain this
plan of retreat. The main accomplish
ment of the allies in the fighting of the past
two weeks has been the occupation of the
Hindenburg line as a winter quarters. That
they will gain Cambrai is certain, and Douai .
and Laon and LaFere as well. The Rheim3
salient is also being wiped out, and the
gains in the Argonne are causing the Ger
man staff much concern and many sacri
fices to hold up. Back to Valenciennes the
foe must go, ten miles from the Hinden
burg line, and whether he will retire in
disorder verging on rout or draw back in
order, depends upon the battle of the next
forty-eight hours. To sum up, the enemy
is retiring pretty well all along the line
under fierce hammer strokes, but is no
where broken or demoralized and is still
capable of a strong defense.
(Nina Larrey Duryea in Harper's
Magazine.)
In the evacuated region or France
one beard of a woman of education
who, eight months before America de
clared war, had lost her mind from too
much suffering. It was said she pos- -sensed
the gift of prophecy. One even
ing this -distraught creature appeared
in our garden where kultur had cut
down trees, uprooted currant and rose
bushes, and polluted the well. The
woman wandered to and fro unmolest
ed,, as though searching for some
thing, until she reached n American
soldier who had neither moved nor
spoken. Becoming aware of his pres
ence, she asked, "Who are you?"
He sauted and replied, "An Amer
ican soldier fighting for France."
"Perhaps you can help me," she
said. "I had four sons. One lies, be
neath the snows of the Vosges; one
rots on the bed of the seas; one fell
from heaven, I know not where, and
one lay here, on my breast, soft and
warm, and mine. But strange saen
came with spikes on their heads.
There were great noises, raging and
cruel happenings. At last there was a
vast noise and blackness. When it
i nose men Kicneu loo pieces uu
laughed and then put them in a box
and took them away. Can yon tell me
where they are?"
Without waiting for a reply, the
woman walked on. peering about for
A ROUGH COOK SEEKS ,a yearuins to change the skilkt for, gro regiment, going to the war. Erect that box which held the baby she had
A Dniipurn pjiip ,, 1 """Iu " S""' Vi and lithe, with no slouching or shamb- asaui sa ipproacaea u. wi-
A KUUtiHLK GAME He wants to go to war. Behind his . 'dier, and as though for the first time.
- Iswaggcr and his frewn lies hidden a'""6' "" -"-
.... , 'sense of humor and kindliness that es-: elusions because, for the most part.
When the telegraph editor went off o,i f,m ,v, r i,io ,., .,,.. .,, , -,. ...... ...... ..
a n n .4 A A U,. . j , , , i'uuJ wiu vuii, v. iiiJ F 1 uumi v L1IT lilt IIIBC I Ttr3 llrtU t I1U9CI1 Ilia I 11
"A GREAT HOST
SHALL COT
,mFtk 1 OS AH !
llt4V fi i nrEMIi tin U i'M la il tl U I ilKfi 8 B I'll?
Dy Oillen A Gun. r j
it
(From the Atlantic Monthly) .
wa3 the Sth Illinois, Chicago's ne
bttray him. And for all his rough ' sloud e to
became inevitable that the newspaper! n0uSe mamier "aiul his heavy hand he
man snouid sit in on the night tricki,, ,u ni, . .... I
in his place. Well, the other night!, u'f v,r.,,i
1 .LI. I "
KiiBii mis newspaper man went over
to the restaurant to get his midnight
lunch he was more Impressed with
two types of the night crew on this
provision ship than he was with the
WHO KNOWS!
Clap a broad brimmed black hat on
pies and the steak. The waiter who!" head and drape a flowing cloak
came to take his order was only aiaD0Ul nlm na ne coma nave posea
boy and he had an ingenious, smil- for a picture of one of the old Span
ing. youthful face that had as yet lostlsn paares of Seville. His bulky form,
but little of its fresh innnronro And! Bray beard, clam, strong face and
the cook, to whom this order was
conveyed, while not old by any means,
had lost the look of youthful Innocence
from his face. If a man might judge
from outward limbs and flourishes.
In fact this cook looked "Hard!" He
had a rough face: rough as a duck's
foot. A scowl, a frown and a menace
chased each other across this face like
shadows on a summer day across a I
ploughed field. I
'.Two eggs, turned over easy
earnest glance all fitted well the part.
Hut he was no Spaniard, on the con
trary, he was a Prussian, and had car
ried a needie rifle in the Franco-Prussian
war and for the past forty years
had lived and tolled and loved and
lost in the deserts and mountain
ranges of Cochise county and Sonora,
Mexico. He came to the newspaper
man's don in search of an encyclo
pedia, in the course of the conver-
I sation that followed the finding of
aS.fho infnrtnntfnn thin atrani'ti visitor
sought, it developed that the old Prus
sian is an American citizen now and
lias a ton in the U. S. army, of whom
he is very proud. Ho had written a
letter to tnls boy and It Is one of the
strangest, the saddest, the sweetest
missives this newspaper man has seen
since the war began.
ihe old man who came from Berlin
, Suddenly, at the far end of the car,
voices rose above the rumole demand
ing "Babe." The whole car echoed the
demand: everyone wanted "Babe."
In response, a huge tobacco colored
fellow, big of girth and over six feet in
height, struggled into a space before
the door. Those nearby jugled bags
and cases to make room for his feet, so
that he might plant them wide apart
for balance.
Like a Colossus, like a Hindoo Idol,
like a bronze statue of Liberty, he
waited, his wide mouth puckered, his
head held high, the eyes alert like
those of a hound listening for the start
er's whistle.
"Show -us de way. Babe," urged the
car. "It's all dark. Show us de way."
Babe's mouth smoothed out and
curved into a jack-o'lantern smile.
Someone called down the aisle. "Whar
yo gwine. Babe?"
A voice flared through the car a
voice trained to camp meeting elo
quence. "Whar we-all gwine? We's gwine to
France! Whuffur is we-all gwine to
France? We'se gwine to France to
fight to fight for Libbutty; to fight
for de women an' do III chillen: to
fight fo' de honnah ob de I'nitum
States, and fur de Glory! Ebery one
on us bieeged to bring somepin' back
the newspaper .man's order to the
youthful waKer. It was duly forward
ed to the cook, In a mild, soft tone.
at his range further up the counter
Have, them turned over artistically."
added the newxpaper man with a grin,
after noting the cook's rucged face
and swashbuckling air. The waiter
boy smiled and tacked this gay and!
I ! taill,1,ece n t0 lhe er- westward. Is sending a boy hack alon; bome wM us fur to ma5te de , out
spluttered like the backfire of a de- wnile he is on his way thither the
fective exhaust, just as the newspaper' father sent him a message for a token,
man knew he would do when the after- tie told the hoy tha at a certain
thought was added to the order. That place along the Rhine he would find a
cook! he was a joy and delight. He, certain village, and beyond that vil-
rumbied in half restrained convulsions lage on a hill overlooking the great
like a young volcano. He grabbed, river he would find a little burying
hi3 frying pan like a doughboy grabs ground. "My mother lies ouried there,
a bayonet. His scowl nearly exUngu-! my son; your grandmother, isring me
lied the blue gas flame under the! a flower from her grave and a piece
eggs. N hen he advanced to the: or clay irom the mouna aou ner.
counter with a plate It was as though ) That is all I want, or ever shall want
he stormed a trench. When he called from Germany again."
to the waiter the paint on the ceiling! This man. wrinkled and gray, b it
Curled up and the street car trolley in i strong still, who has lived for forty
she said, "Who are you?" and again he
made the same reply. Then a dawning
comprehension seemed to pierce her
brain and she touched his sleeve and
groped over the national Insignia of
bis rank as she reiterated the word
"American." Then she stepped back
ward and with upraised arms burst
into a sort of Biblical rhapsody:
"A great host shall come in num
bers like the stars of heaven. The sea
shall bear theiu. Justice snail be upon
their banners and liberty shall be
their cry. Their tread shall shake the
fortresses of the proud. The great
king shall hide his face In fear and
shell seek for safety and find none,
for the curses of his people shall rise
like flames about him and he shall
walk in the blood of his children.
Hasten the coming of that mighty
host, O Lord God! Make clear their
way. Let the shining presence of our
glorious dead be about them, for they
shall bring peace!"
She moved away, searching for her
dead baby. It is to be remembered
that she could have had no knowledge
of America's entry into the war.
Poet's Corner
front of the restaurant jumped the
wire.
But the eggs were turned over ar
tistically all right. The cook had af
fected to despise the finer arts, and
yet he practiced them.
While the newspaper man absorbed
his eggs and coffee another customer
and guest at this inn of the Lion's
Head engaged the rook in conversa
tion. It was about the war of course.
and right here. the cook had a griev
ance.
I tried to get in the marines," he
complained, "and -they turned me
down. Then I tried the navy and
they shoved me back. I tried the
army and they gassed me and threw
me in the ditch. But maybe I'll get
in on the next draft."
The customer said something sar
castic about th cook's prowess and the
good luck, of the t". S. service in es
caping the handicap of the cook's pres
ence in its midst. It was hot repartee,
alright and barbed and poisoned at
the pciut, and the newspaper man ex
pected another explosion like unto the
one that destroyed Messines Kidge.
But instead, the cook smiled. And
such a smile, on such a face. The
miracle of such a product from such
a soil. That ferocious face broke up
into pleasant little wrinkles like sun
shine on a battle ground. I
This cook was pleased, impossible
as such a phenomena might seem,
when one contemplated his awful
frown and apparently deep seated
grouch against the world.
"Ah, g'wan!" said the cook in growl
ing tones while the smile deepened
and broadened. "Quit yer ki'ldin', I'm
serious about it. 1 want to git into
dis war. An' I'm gonna do it too;
watch my starshells when I set out.
If theyd taken me in the navy I'd b-on
a commodfire by the end of the war.
but now, in the bloody infantry. I'm
gonna try for to be a buck sergeant
and boss and boot such fellers as you
all over the cantonment and that
there place in I'lcK-arfl-er.
The newspaper man paid fr his,
eggs and went away, and as Jie lelt.j
the smile had not yot retreated from
the cook's rough and rugged face and
Ms debate with the -sarcistir tnd
scornful customer was still in full
swine, but he stood iu a different liIil
I from that in which ho appeared before
I A coon with a scowl and
years in the mountains engaged in
heavy toil, is a reader and a writer,
too. Sitting alone at ltiglit under the
peaks with the desert at his feet, he
has written smooth, flowing and sweet
verses and wise treatises and learned
essays upon many things.
This desert and these mountains!
Who knows of their people? They
come from far places and from many
lands, and some bear implements and
tools of toil, and others bring books
A TIMELY WARNING
. By REX BISON. Bisbee
Oh! the wobbly politician says if you
will Tote for him.
He will give yon a position that will
e. u.ory u ae l nuum Bues. cause nead ,
Me? What I gwine do? hen I But promi8, is ,ike . bahb
gets to France I se gwine walk right: kkl yanUhing from 8ignl
out UNO No Mans land 'and I se And . t y0UMcIf ln lroubIe u
K u ?,-, i I' Ka!sah! you don't stamp your ballot right.
Mistah Bill Kaisah. you come yer! 1
An" when he comes yer. I's gwine put; If vou-re tireil o( Uwr aad ordar
my hand on his shoulder an I s gwine j and eBtty anil all the brats
scrooch down and look iu his lil facei And you're all a mind to risk it. you
and I s gwine say. 'Mistah Kaisah. yo', can Tote with tne waumpas Cats;
day am come! You se been ermessin j But your ideas are Bol-heviki and so
round long enough, spokin de wheels; ciety will be a fright,
in de factory an' pullin' up tie gyarden.An(i you-u De getting mighty hungry
sass. an rattlin" on de palin's ob de: jf you don t Btamp your ballot
fence, an' an hurtin' lil chillunms! 1 right.
Mistah President Wilson, he done sont,
de black floks ob de I'nitum States! Keep in your mind poor old Russia
way ober yet to France to tote a mes-; wita the winter coming on:
sage to you. You aint de boss of dej Can't you se her peoeple suffering
yarf an' we-all ain't gwine be your. from the Bolsheviki wrong?
slaves. Git dat? No, sah!' Dat'sjThen keep your own head level, be
w hat-all I's gwine take home for to, brave and loyal in the tight, '
make de glory ou'n. Bigger dan lfckin'i Or you'll find you've played the devil
de whole German army. I's gw ine j and your ballot wasn't stamped
let daylight into de nut ob de kaisah. right
You jus' wait. Mistah Kaisah. You;
ain't seed anyone fight yet. You wait; FOURTH LIBERTY LOAN BONDS
icois or ion, ana oiuers Dring dooks i . -..- -.j...... j.- . ...... . . & uw.-i.
find manuscripts and diplomas from till us Angry-Saxyums git to France can now be had at the MLNKRd AND
famous universities, and others still i Yo' day am come!"" .MERCHANTS BANK. 89S
come from the highest places and the
lowest, from center of influence to
rim of obscurity and bury their mys
teries and their greatness and their
poverty and their woe and their ceni
us in our canyons, and we know them
not and will never know.
A man camo down from the moun
tains only the oilier ctay to work In a
Bisbee pool room. bri.iKing with him
a bo'-k of Omar Kahyj am's verses,
and some verse-; of bis .own worthy
to be named with those of Hie urea,
Persian poet.
Jude not rashly, saith the scrip
tures. The ragged piii:nin wlio inmu
down the Huachiicas trail with his
burro and his put k may niave been
prince, pauper or priest. We do not
know. Almost every land upon which
the sin sliines is represented in Bis
bee and her nearby canyons and val
leys, and more olten than wp dream
tli scholar of other lands wields the
pick today and th, toller's son holds
a high place in our councils and pron-ress.
GOOD READING FOR GERMANY.
tUv l:evi-w ,Vnt')
AMSTERI A M. Oct. ."i The semi
official Wolff bureau of Berlin has
civep to the (' rman press the text
of president Wilson's recent speech.
Several til the newspapers of western
(i r.Muny ti.day published long reports
of the spi ech without comment.
SLA VE AND EMPEROR
"Our cavalry have rescued Nazareth from the enemy- whose super
men described Christianity as a creed for slaves."
The Emperor mocked at Nazareth
In his almighty hour.
The Slave that bowed himself to dtath
And walked with slaves In Nazareth.
What were His words but wasted breath
Before that "Hill to power."
Yet, in the darkest hour of all.
When black defeat began.
The Emperor heard the mountains quake.
He felt the graves beneath him shake.
He watched his legions rally and break.
And he wtiimoered as they ran.
BfcRLIN STILL'" REPULSING" THEM
It'.v K' it'W L':tstl WlM'J I
IIKIM.IN. via London, del. o. - The j
war t f t ii t statement issued this even-1
in; says:
"North of t (J'lentiii and in the
Champa .-'le .icoioiis tn -my attacks
were repolseil.
"Between the Argonne and the',
a skillet ts, Mtiist- continued d.--aiilts by the
one thing and a took with a bmile and American! with strong tones tailed "'
"I hear a shout that moves the earth,
A cry that wakes the dead!
Will no one tell me whence they coma,
For all my messengers are dumb?
What power is this that comes to birth
And breaks my power?" he said.
Then, all around his foundering guns.
Though dawn was new not far.
The darkness filled with a living fear
That whisp-,red at the Emperor's ear.
"The armies of the dead draw near
Beneath an eastern star."
The trumpet blows in Nasareth.
Ihe Slave is risen again!
Across (he hitter wastes of death, '
The horsemen ride from Nazareth.
And the Power we mocked as wasted breath
li turns, in power, to reign;
Kiiles on. ill white, through Nazareth.
To save His world again.
ALFRED NOYE3 THE BI5BEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 6, 1918.
) LAJiL
x
0
(. US )
Is
YOUR Protection
Anaiest Infected Meata
WHEN you buy meats, make the butcher show you the government inspector's stamp and rest assured you are
not eating a steer that had tuberculosis or a hog that died of cholera.
AT this time of the year especially, ranchers are in the habit of killing a few cattle or hogs and peddling them
NOW, the average rancher is not a veterinary surgeon and is not posted on the method of telling if an animal is
diseased possibly the old cow is not giving as much milk and it i3 decided to kill her and get the money
for the meat the hog seems to be putting on no more fat and it will be best to turn her into money before
she dies in any event the animals are slaughtered and sold.
THE owner would not for a moment peddle this meat to his neighbors if he KNEW it contained the germs of
tuberculosis or cholera, but DOES HE KNOW?
WE have a U. S. government inspector at our slaughter house an expert veterinary who carefully exam
ines every animal killed and who only puts the U. S. stamp of approval on those found to be sound, healthy
and fit for human food. '
SAFETY FIRST! Your health is the best asset you .have Don't take a chance on it for the sake of saving a
few pennies.
REMEMBER that we are the only markets in the Warren district that handle U. S. inspected meats exclusively
at all times.
United States Food Administration License Number G-07681 v
Johnson Meat Company
United States Food Administration License Number G-33340
FIVE SIX
ON WAY TO BISBEE
WITH STOLEN GAR
IS BADLY INJURED
ROOSEVELT M'BRIDE, COCHISE
COUNTY YOUTH WITH VARIED
CAREER, SUSTAINS BROKEN
SHOULDERS IN ACCIDENT
Local officers yesterday were ad
vised that the Hudson Super six that
had been reported to them as stolen
on Wednesday night fror Tucson, had
been found on the road between here
and there near Vail station, and the
thief, Hoosevelt Jit-Bride, severely in
jured when the, car wag turned over by
his reckless driving. McBride was a
former resident of "Cochise county,
and was sent from Douglas to the re
form school arid' a few months ago
made Iiis escape from that institution.
His parents live in the vicinity of
Courtland. The Tucson Star of yes
terday has the following account of
accident and the injury to Mc
Bride: .-liter being discharged by City Re
corder Cowan Wednesday afternoon,
ioliowing arrest on the charge of rid
ing on a Southern Pacific train with
out transportation, Roosevelt McBride,
It is believed, with others stole an
futoniobile from in front of the office
of A. Roos on South Stone avenue
Wednesday evening and were driving
i. away when the car turned turtle
eight miles from the city on the Vail
road, and severely injured JIcBride.
Who MfRride's romDanions were is
not known, as they fled following the
wrecking of the car, but one'of them
Is believed to have been William Rus
sell, who was McBrlde's companion
when arrested by railroad officers for
"riding the rods."
After their discharge in police court
McBride asked if there were many
tourists cars traveling over the high
way between Tucson and Bisbee.
McBride was found underneath the
wrecked car by a Mexican and taken
to a ranch, where local officers were
notified. He was brought to the city
late yesterday afternoon and taken to
the police station, where he was at
tended by a physician. Both shoul
ders were dislocated and he was other
wise injured.
McBride and Russell told Judge
Cowan of the police court that they
were en route to Bisbee to secure em
ployment in the mines. McBride
claimed to be a college student.
AN EXPLOSION
WRECKS PLANT
(Continued from Pace One)
was virtually wrecked by the series or
blasts. Scarcely a building in it re
mains habitable. Many were unroof
ed and the walls of others blown in,
while every pane of glass was broken.
More than 4u0 citizens decided to
spend the night there, however.
The Atlantic division of the Red
Cross established headquarters at
Perth Amboy this afternoon. Fifty am
bulances from New York and Newark,
with corps of doctors and nurses, ar
rived to take charge of the situation.
Eight central depots were opened in'
churches, schools and other publil
buildings. Commandeered automobiles
and cars driven by members of wo
men's motor corps from New York
and new Jersey were sent out to pick
up fleeing refugees and bring them
back to the depots for shelter. The
Red Cross brought in from New York
fiev motor trucks loaded with six ton:i
of supplies. The city and all the ter
ritory around Morgan was under mili
tary control with the state guard In
charge under the personal direction
of Governor Edge.
J. W. Faust, assistant director of
civilian relief of the Red Cross, esti
mated that more than 7000 persons
bad been made homeless by the hail
of shells and the force of the explo
sions. He believed between 40,000 and
60,000 more had fled from their homes
fearing disaster and would not return
until all danger is over. They present
almost as much of a problem as those
who are actually homeless.
Worker Game to the Core.
The cause of the first explosion has
not been definitely determined and
probatly will not be until the army
completes Its investigation, which al
ready is under way. Officers do not
believe, however, that it resulted from
overheated T. N. T. They are equal
ly positive it could not have been
the work of German spies, for they
declare the plant was the best guard
ed In the United St;;lr. All employes
had been carefully investigated by the
secret service and they have been
constantly supervised.
Promptly upon hparing that the
plant would be rebuilt at once, women
employed in it and who crm here to
escape danger, held a meeting and
decided unanimously to return to work
as soon as the call comes.
"Many of us have boys over there."
said the chairman, "and we fire a'
anxious to do our part to aid in brine
ing the war to a speedy close. All of
us know the danger to which we are
almost constantly exposed, but It i
nothing in comparison to that of our
boys at the front. We want them
to know that there will be no delay
as far as we are concerned."
SAME OLD STORY
HUN PEACE PLEA
(Continued from Page One)
a"cn of the efforts Instituted bv Count
Bnrian as far back as last January,
and repeated several times since, to
trap the entente into concessions by a
professed acceptance by the Central
powers of the terms of settlement
laid down by President Wilson.
NE WKING'S FIRST DECREE
(By Review leaned Wire)
AMSTERDAM. Oct. 5. The first de
cree signed by King Boris, was one
demobilizing the Bulgarian army, ac
cording to a dispatch from Sofia.
"GOING GCODI"
ACCORDING TO
GENERAL MARCH
Continued from Page On)
through Sedan and other places of his
toric military interest. It is the most
important single artery of supply of
their army.
"The Americans have reached a
point eighteen miles in a direct line
from that railroad and as soon as the
direction of the drive became evident
Uermanv threw in its path a great
j many divisions, withdrawing them
from other points in tne Hue. unu they
have been he-Id there by U:e Ameri
cans when they are badly needed
elsewhere.
"Jut west of the Argonne forest.
General Gouraud's French army, with
the second American division, has
likewise fought its way northwnrd
eight to ten miles to the enemy's line
of defense east of Ciialleranee. Hills
have been captured which command
the enemy's supply lines south of Vou
zieres. "The British drive on Cambrai and
St. Quentin developed into a battle
for the entire Hindenburg line be
tween those points ami the eieniy h.is
r-v Pon fprred back to or beyond
this line along its entire length from
Flonders to the Ailette. The British,
aided by the 27th and 30th American
a vfeos. directed their assaults par
ticularly against the hills five to ten
miles north of St. Quentin, where
they have swept entirely across the
enemy's zone of defenses and have
on"ned cups in bis l'nes which he has
closed with great difficulty. In spite
cf the opposition of the enemy, Cam
era ' hin enveloped by the ad
vance of the British, who have crossed
the Escant canal on a wide front soutH
of the city and have reached the hills
beyond.
"The drive in Flanders rapidlv
ont-PBd t-e vine Into a semi-circle sali
ent ten miles deep. By this advance
the alTes have taken back more than
seventy-five snuare miles of Be'gian
territory and threaten the enemy's pos
session of Ostend and Zeebrugge and
of the coal fields behind Lens. In
cnseouence the enemy Is reported to
be evacuating the two ports, and is
withdrawing from the entire sector j
fron Lens to Armentieres.
"The enemy has come down off the i
Vesles-Aisne plateau northwest - of
Rheims, and has been followed by "the
""-h o t Aisne canal.
"In the Balkans, while the Bulgar
ian army is retiring from Serbia, the
Serbian army has advanced rapidly
northward end Is in contact with the
Austrians near Vranve. half way be
tween Usktib and Nish. In Albania
the Austrians are retiring and the
Italians have reoccupied Berat. cross
ing the Semen! river and moving In
the direction of Durazzo, the naval
base which we attacked the other
day."
Of the embarkation of American
trr"s. General March said:
"The shipping of American troops
during the last month has continued
over 250,000, in spite of the general
epidemic of Influenza all over thi
country. In military camps as well as
In civil life. In sending men abroad
we are selecting men who have neith
er had the disease nor been exposed
to it. This has made ncessary some
readjustment, but the flow of frooos
Is as I have stated it, over 230,000 for
the last month.
"The entire number of troops em
barked from the United States is over
1,850,000."
BRITISH BEAT
HUNS BACK TO LILLE
(Continued from Page One)
then the British reattacked with great
vigor and as a consequence nave re
gained possession' of the important
villages of Beaurevoir and Montbre
hain and the railroad between the two.
Pouchaux, nearly a mile to the east,
also has been . taken. The fighting
here also was very heavy and every
where the British advanced only after
killing many of the Germans. The en
emy threw in every available man
Servants, cooks, hostlers and motor
drivers, but in a vain effort.
In this section the Germans are
greatly disorganized. In the thirty
miles "of front there are 29 divisions,
or what is left of them. There areio
si?r.s this ever.ing that the British are
being held up anywhere; but the
weather is ecld and hazy and their a'r
contact patrols have had difficulty in
definitely locating from the air the
rapidly advancing troops. It was re
ported by the planes, however, that
the British have been observed clean
ing up some distances .In advance of
lh points named.
The Australians and the famous 4Gth
division participated Jn this fighting.
More fires have sprung up, and vir
tually the whole Gorman rear area
east and southeast of Douai and Cam
brai. as well as in the north, is aflame
The whole of Douai-is a seething
mass of fire, from which the autumn
wind Is blowing great billows of smoke
and streams of sparks. Cambrai Is
burning and so are various towns
throurhout the whole art a. There have
been explosions and fires generally
along the Lille front.
The French just south of the Brit
ish armies made Important gains also
today and at last reports were several
thousand yards cast of St. Quentin.
Late advices say they have stormed
and passed beyond Remaucourt, north
east cf St. Quentin.
AMERICANS ARE
FIGHTING HARD
(Continued from Page Ona)
to resist a series of counter attacks.
The machine gun and artillery fire
was particularly violent most of the
day.
FIGHTING IS FEROCIOUS
WITH THE AMERICAN ARMY i
NORTHWEST OF VERDUN. Oct. 5, ;
(Bv the Associated Press, 7 p. in.)
Ff-'hting with all the ferocity of the
early days of the war the Germans
did their utmost today to bring to a
halt the American offensive.
Early this morning aud iu the fore-
1 1
j noon the Americans pushed forward'
Ithiough a blanket of fog a yard at a
rtime, and later in the day when the
mists lifted they drove forward a
further distance against, the German
line. '
Almost no change has been made on
the right near the Meuse, but on the
left the operations of the French west
of the Argonne forest and the Amer
ican of .the east defined more clearly
the salient in which the enemy still
has a considerable force opposing the
An-ericans, who have been steadily
clearing the forest of machine gun
nests.
I Again the Germans concentrated
! their greatest efforts on the center in
un effort to prevent the swinging up-
ward of their line, to a point which
would endanger yet further that part
I of the army left in the Argonne ooJs.
! Although Xhe artillery action of the
! Germans today was terrific the vol
' 11m a was greater than yesterday
; th.-!re was a notable reduction ef aerial
jeXfort. Only occasioually did the Ger
i ma nuviators accept the ihalK nge of
the Americans today aud even a dumb
ing expedition to Lundres-Kt-isi.
Georges, where more than two tuns;
1 of bo'i'.bs were diopped, did not tie-
velop resistance.
TUo contrast in the forenoon wat
not surprising because of low visibil
ity, but conditions in the afternoon
were excellent and full advantage was
taken of thein by the French and
Americans who carried out a hundred
missions, ranging from simple obser
vation to bombing the back areas. The
theory of the aviators is that the Ger
mans have adopted a policy of con
serving "theier airplanes, using them
to a great extent only on cloudy days,
such as yesterday. On cloudy days
they can fly by compas above the
clouds, swooping below them when
occasion demands then disappearing
above almost immediately, and so es
caping all but momentary observa
tion. Th.-j American planes were an active
factor until late tonight. Before the
fog actually had lifted, they were
over the German' lines, machine gun
ning the men in the trencher and har
rassing the transports and artillery.
Time and again the roads behind the
lines were choked by flyers, who with
their machines guns dropped the sol
diers and horses dragging guns and
transports. This choking of the roads
was accomplished without the loss of
a single plane. Of the few enemy
planes that did fly over the American
lines one was brought down by an
anti-tank gun captured a few hours
before.
A Day of Artillery
Tanks were used again by the Amer
icans but somewhat less extensively
than on the first day. It was a day
of artillery action more than anything
else. Each side sent hundreds of
thousands of shells, both high explo
sive, shrapnel and gas, into the others
territory. Repeatedly the Germans
gathered in force to launch counter
attacks, but always with negative re
sults. The Americans, most of whom
now have had experience on battle
fields stood like veterans, he.e and
there changing their defense to of
fensive aud grouping in another tiny
bit of ground between them and the
tvriemhilde positions.
1'he Americans threvy a flood of ar
tillery fire in la the German lines and
moved infantry up with machine guns.
Through the woods around them and
up to the crest of the high hill line
they slowly edged their way for hours.
When the top of the hill and ridge
were attained there stretched before
them the narrow valleys on whose
further slopes are the defenses the
Germans have fought so hard to re
tain. Miles deep in wire and a laby
rnth of newly made trenches, it obvi
ously was intended as the Germans'
next slop.
Much fighting for possession of the
hill centered about a farm on the
southern slope. The Americans had
taken the outhern part cf the farm
with a rush and from there the opera
tions that resulted in the occupation
of the higher ground were directed.
The Germans were forced to pay dear
ly for their resistance there as well as
in the woods to the west and at other
places along the line.
It had been learned by American
headquarters that a large part of the
caFualties inflicted on the first day of
the battle were due to tanks. Wound
ed Germans treated at the hospitals
told of their terrible effectiveness.
Get your FOURTH LIBERTY LOAN
BOND NOW at the MIXERS AND
MERCHANTS BANK. S98
HONOR PENNANT
FOIi Ft"UTH LOAN
','A
. II. Burton displaying- Fourth
Liberty Loan industrial honor
; pennant.
The industrial honor pennant for
II Li ,L Y !1 t f ..ki..V ilrafl
me r ourin Liwriy ixjan, wmw "
designed by J. II. Burton of New
York, has a red border and four blue
fif piruia ' TKa nnniint g irfl 1R in Ted-
It is a new development from the
community honor flair, by means of
which it is hoped there will be a
preatly increased number of indiviuV
ual subscribers t9tburthjarkj
: ipq Jf
i
i
AMENDMENT 100
BIG HELP TO THE
SMALL OPERATORS
(Special to Tlio Review)
TUCSON, Ariz., Oct. 5. State insur
ance covering their employees will
cost mine operators in Arizona 2 1-2
per cent as compared with lu.40 per
c;-nt paid at the present time to some
casualty insurance companies. The
2 1-2 per'ecnt paid by the mine operator.--
will cover all the cost, no charge
for tlie insurance falling on the em
ploye. This will come about at the
end of this year provided amenJinetit
No. 100 is adopted dy the voters in
the November election.
To get these and other important
advantages of tha amendment to both
the employers, and jemployees before
the mining operators of the state who
are developing new properties and
those who are shipping ores a state
meeting of these has been called for
Phoenix on Saturday, October 12. At
this meeting amendment No. 100 will
be gone into fully. Other matters o:
general character with regard to min
ing but having particular interest for
the smaller mine operators of the
state will also be taken up in the meet
ing. Call for the meeting was issued
from this city at, the instance of oper
ators cf mining and development prop
erties who feel it to be very important
that the amendment be thoroughly un
derstood and earnestly worked for by
all in the state, both for the benefit
of the industry and its employes and
because of the lowering of general
taxes and improvement of all condi
tions that will be brought about.
Charles P. Reiniger, of the Reiniger
Freeman mines, signed the- call with
the association of Ed Bush, of the
Glance Mining company, W. R. Rams
dell of the Sam Xavier mines, Murray
G. Day of the Luquesne mines, Pata
gonia, J. J. Flannigan of the Higgins
Mining company, Bisbee, A. L. Gra
ham of the Superior & Boston, Globe,
Cleveland W. Van Dyke of the Van
Dyke Mining company, Miami, and 2.
K. Harper of the Jerome Verde, Je
rome. Urgent call is made upon all en
gaged in the -ilevelopment of mining
properties or in the shipment of ores
to custom smelters to attend the
Phoenix meeting, whether their prop
erties be large or small.
INFLUENZA IS GAIN-
ING; ARIZONA HIT
(Continued from Page One)
of health. The Red Cross festival ot
the allies was permitted to continue
tonight because it is out of doors. At
Fort Bliss 102 new cases were admit
ted today but no deaths occurred since
last night when three enlisted men
died from influenza. There have been
four deaths in the city from the di
sease. TEN CASES AT JEROME
JEROME, Ariz., Oct. 5. The health
officers here have ordered the isola
tion of ten persons whose illness has
been diagnosed as Spanish influenza
and has ordered all theaters closed
until further notetaoihrdluaetoain oa
an public gatherings discontinued
until further notice, to prevent the
spread of the- disease.
PHOENIX PREPARES FOR WORS
PHOENIX. Ariz.. Oct. 5. In a vig
orous effort to forestall the possible
invasion of the state of Arizona by in
fluenza, the superintendent of public
health, Dr. O. H. Brown, through the
state coluncil of defense, has issued
ironclad rules to all public eating
places in the state. These require the
sterilization of all dishes and utensils
used in cooking and serving food, be
fore again being served. Cleanliness
on the part of employes and all kitch
en utensils, the immediate discharge
of those who are sick aud immaculate
sanitation of every place where food
Is prepared and served is also en
joined. RAGING IN NORMAL SCHOOL
FLAGSTAFF, Ariz.. Oct. 5. One
hundred and thirty cases of Spanish
influenza have developed at the north
ern Arizona normal school here, it
was announced tonight. There are
seventy cases of the disease in Flag
staff. All churches and schools were
ordered closed under orders from the
county health authorities.
FIGHTING IS FIERCE
ON ALL FRONTS
'" 'ontinued f-om Pat On)
under way In Germany for a general
armistice and peace. The new Ger
man chancellor. Prince Maximilian ot
Paden, is reported to have proposed
or to be on the eve of proposing a
general suspension of hostilities, the
appointment of plenipotentarles to
to meet at a neutral place for the dis
cussion of a league for arbitration and
disarmament and the forwarding of a
request to the entente allies ofr their
terms. It is furthermore reported that
the German chancellor has expressed
his willingness to accept President
Wilson's fourteen peace conditions.
And, finally, from Berne comes the
announcement that Germany, Austria
Hungary an dTurkey intend simultane
ously to approach President Wilson
with the object of having him make
representations to U'.e other entente
allies for a general armistice and nego
tiations looking to peace.
The American troops In the sector
between Rheims and the Meuse are
engaged In extremely heavy fighting.
Joined up with Gouraud's nrmy they
are driving the eGrmans before them
at a quickening pace. French troops
are reported to have reached Bethen
vil'.e. which Is several miles beyond
the former line.
BRITISH MAKE IMPORTANT GAINS
WITH THE BRITISH ARMY IN
FACTS ABOUT
COST OT LIVING!
i
ueporis emanating irom vvusuiim-j
ton have been telling us of the riotous
ramblings of the cost of living, the d
crease in the size of the dollar, how
little a dollar will buy, and they have
been giving us a bewildering array
of figures, which would tend to make
one believe how much worse off he
Is now than he was In 1914.
One report states that a dollar has
shrunk to 54 cents In Washington and
Baltimore, to 75 cents In Philadelphia,
to f9 cents in New York and to 65
cents in San Francisco. A report is
sued by the national industrial confer-
ence board shows that tiiere has been
an Increase of from 50 to 55 per cent I
in the cost of living since 1914, Item
ized as follows:
per cent.
Food 52
Rent 15-
Clothing 77
Fuel and light 45
Sundries 50
This gives- the average increase,
based upon an apportionment of these
respective items in the family budgt
of 50 to 55 pr cnt.
Nearly Half the Income for Food
All these ftigures are given, how
ever, without consideration of the iu
croas'd size of the dollar. To be ac
curate, this should be measured by the
n: mber of days that a man has to
work to pay his bills. Statistics based
on the study of 12.0U0 families by the
United States department of labor sta
tistics show that 43 per cent of the
family income goes for food, 18 per
cent for rent. 13 per cent for clothing
and 6 per cent for fuel and light. This
leaves a balance of 20. per cent for in
surance, savings, taxes, doctors' bills,
gifts and charity, lodge and club dues,
vacations, recreations and invest
ments. It must be remembered that this
balance of 20 per cent has risen in the
same proportion that wages have in
creased insofar as income is concern
ed, but not where expenditures are
concerned. Taxes have gone up in but
few instances, and, as a matter of fact,
n m"iv instances the curtailment of
expenditure has brought taxes down
Insurance earned in less than two
fhlrd nf thf, time will now buy just
as much Insurance as it would in 1914,
which insurance, when it becomes due,
will pay a normal dollar at the valua
tion of a normal dollar. The unfor
tunate man is he who collects hte in
surance now.
Outside of war charities, there has
been a general curtailment of charita
ble enterprises, and while the amount
expended for this purpose may be
larger than usual, it is being expended
in one direction and does not represent
the same percentage Increase as does
the cost of living. Th economy move
ment has reached the giving of pres
ents, and much less of this is being
don, or useful gifts given, which
merely represent something that will
not have to be included in the family
expenditures. Club dues and recrea
tion have maintained their normal
standard, and if more is spent for
these things, it is to secure more of
them.
Size of a Dollar.
The size of a dollar in its compari
son to the value ofa dollar is the
all-important thing in the analysis of
the financial situation of the working
man. In the mining camps the cost
of living has risen in about the same
proportion as elsewhere, but the size
of the dollar has enormously' increas
ed. In Bisbee, for instance, the rec
ords of the Copper Queen show that
the average wage for underground
men in 1914 was $3.79 per day. This
rose to $4.11 in 1915. to $5.32 in 1916,
o $5.43 in 1917 and to $5.53 the first
half of 1918. Vf ith the 50-cent increase
of July 1 and the later 25-cent Increase
of Aug. 1, the average per shift for
the last half of 1918 will be $6.23.
The rise from $3.79 in 1914 to $6.23
In 191S makes a wage Increase of 64
per cent. This Is a 64 per cent in
crease on the 80 per cent of a man's
earnings, which make up his real liv
ing costs and also the same Increase
on the 20 per cent balance which
makes up his savings. Investments and
rxtras. Investments are as good now
as at any time. Bonds and mortgages
can be obtained on as good terms as
five vears ago. Many standard stocks
are higher because tney are paying
higher rates, but many are lower. Sav
ings represent the greatest difference.
A dollar earn'd in two-thirds the time,
rut away now when It will buy half
as much, will Tn later years under
normal conditions, b worth it full
value or twice as much as now.
FRANCE. Oct 5. 5 p. m. By 1he As
sociated Press.) Wide gains of great
Importance have been mad etoday
v the fighting British armies. In the
north the line of the Haut,. Deule
canal has been reached and th Ger
mans ere hurriedly evacuating Lille.
BRITISH OFFICIAL
IH Review T.eruwM Wire)
LONDON. Oct. 5. Field Marshal
Halg reports some progress by Brit
ish troops around Montbrehain and
Beaurevolr In the St. Quentin sector
His statement tonight adds that the
Germans have begun to withdraw from
the high ground between Le Catelete
and Crevecoeur.
"Operations of a minor character
were continued successfully by us
north of St. Quentin. Australian and
English trops accompanied by tanks
made progress In the neighborhood ol
the villages of Montbrehain and Beau
revoir and on the spur northwest of
the latter village. A number of pris
oners have been taken.
"As a result of our continued pres
sure along the whole front the enemy
has begun to withdraw from the high
ground known as LaTerriere plateau
in the bend of the Scheldt canal be-j
tween Lacatelet and Crevocoeur. j
"On the whole front between these;
two villages our troops now are east
of the canal. Driving In the German
covering detachments, they have gain-,
ed possesion of Laterriere and a Bee-!
tion of the Hindenburg system In this
neighborhood.
The unearned increment on savings
will be.
The "Piute" of the Future.
The man who can see that he is get
ing $2 worth for every $1 saved now
will be the plutocrat of tomorrow, but
hp who Insists on spending his all
when it will buy the minimum amount
will be living the same hand-to-mouth
existence ten years from now.
Much has been said of this cost of
living problem, but let us not deceive
ourselves. If we saved $10 a month
before the war we should now be sav
ing 64 per cent more, or $16.40. With
t!ie cost of living but from 50 to 56 per
cent higher, and the wages in mining
camps 64 per cent higher than in 1914,
the opportunities for collecting the un
earned increment should not be over-locked.
County News
C. C. Langston. special agent of the
department of agriculture, is a visitor
in Douglas for a few days on official
business. He will leave on Monday
for Tombstone to investigate certain
land entries of record at the county
seat.
Yesterday Alejandro Quintano. Jose
Lopez and Manuel Mendez were held
In Douglas to answer in superior
court on charges of unnatural prac
tices. They were arrested in the 600
block on Eighth street Wednesday
by Officer Ross and a provost guard.
It is said that they have admitted
their guilt.
H. W. Hall, formerly city engineer
of Douglas, and a resident of El Paso
for the year, arrived in that city yes
terday for a brief visit with his fam
ily. Mr. Hall has been commlsiBoned
a captain In the engineering corps and
will leave shortly for Camp Humph
ries, Virginia, where he will report for
duty.
Mrs. George Bravin returned to
Tombstone yesterday from Douglas,
where she accompanied her husbana
to the1 hospital there, where he will
remain for several weeks. She reports
the doctors stated that he is at pres
ent in a critical condition, but with
rest and treatment It is expected he
will recuperate.
Jake Kerner was bound over to
await the action of the federal court
yesterday by United States Commis
sioner H. C. Beumler in Douglas, on
the charge of having government
property in his possession. Bond was
fixed at $1000. He is alleged to have
agreed to pay a certain soldier $50
for sixteen automatic pistols, which, it
is reported, were found on his prem
ises. Mr. and Mrs. W. A. Sherwood were
in Douglas yesterday, arriving from
their home in Courtland. en route to
Kansas City, where they will make
an extended visit. Both Mr. and Mrs.
Sherwood were among the early set
tlers of Douglas, during which time
Mr. Sherwood was engaged In the
plumbing business, later moving to
Courtland, where he launched the
Courtland Arizonan, a weekly news
paper. C. M. Hadden has disposed of his
half interest in the Avenue hotel in
Douglas to Mr. and Mrs. J. E. Miller
of Comanche, Texas, who will take
charge next Monday. Mr. Hadden has
been engaged in the hotel business
In this city tor a number of years past,
and will leave in a short time for
Texas, where he will engage in ranch
ing. The sale of Mr. Hadden's inter
est was consummated through the
firm of Dixon and company.
Gen. DeR. C. Cabell, who recently
left Douglas to take command of the
southern department, the headquar
ters of which are at San Antonio, has
been named by President Wilson for
promotion to the rank ot major gen
eral. Others similarly chosen or pro
motion who are known in the south
west are Gen, F. L. Winn and Gen.
Anson E. Ely, Gen. Ely was adjutant
under General Pershing when the
American punitive expedition was in
Mexico. Eleven brigadier generals
were selected for promotion, the oth
ers being Gens. W. H. Hay, Edmund
Wittenmyer, Mark L. Hersey, Henry
Jervey, C. A. F. Flagler, C. L. Rhodes
and J. D. Leich.
A Tombstone girl. Miss Vera Smith,
daughter of Mrs. L. A. Smith, and sis
ter of Postmaster Paul Smith of
Tombstone, yesterday received official
instructions from headquarters to be
ready to leave as soon as orders are
received for Mobile, Ala., to enter the
Bondurant sanitarium. Miss Smith
along with Frances Staniger, Minnie
Sanders. Nellie Ciochetti and Olive
Smith, enrolled in the student nurse
training corps when the call was
made several months ago. but the
other girls expect their order at any
time now. Miss Smith will prepare to
leave when called.
Cashier II. C. Almy of the Fjrst Na
tional bank, returned home to Tomb
stone from Camp Perry, Ohio, where
he went as one of the representatives
of the Tombstone Rifle club at the
rifle meet there during the past
month. Like the other Tombstone rep
resentatives, Mr. Almy is high in his
praise of the treatment received while
there, and says he has gained much
valuable information in regard to the
use of the small firearm, which he
will impart to the other members of
the Tombstone club at the first oppor
tunity, which was the purpose ot the
government in holding the meet.
Virgil Woodfork, one of the prison
ers who escaped from the county jail
at the same time as Frank Wilson and
five others broke Jail, was yesterday
taken out to the county road camp
near Tombstone and wjll work out his
sentence of six months at hard labor,
having pleaded guilty yesterday to a
charge of battery, on which he was
awaiting trial, when he sudderly loft
jail. To the charge of Jail breaking
he also pleaded guilty and was given
a suspended sentence of five years,
provided he leaves the state when he
completes his term at the road camp.
School Notes
At a teachers' meeting held Friday
evening 100 per cent of the teachers
of the district ubscribed for fourth
Liberty bonds. Over $6,000 was sub
scribed and a number of the teachers
expect to increase their subscriptions
before the end of the week. The Bis
bee teachers as 100 per cent patriotic.
Some of them are beginning to object
to the word "kindergarten," as used
j in our schools, n account of its Ger
man origin. no nas a name to sug
gest? Thp new series of singing books re-
education have a large percentage of
'German songs and German music.
Wnat are you going to do about it,
i Superintendent Case? One critic, who
has investigated the books very care
fully, has made an estimate that out
of 846 songs in the series, 237 are of
German origin. The books are pub;
lished by Ginn & Co., and were adopt
ed by the state board last spring. Mr.
I Ctnta Cnnurlnfunrlont uhat aro o n.
....... - - -
ing to do about it? Are we to cut out
the songs, paste them up, or go on and
us them? It is up to you, Mr. Case.
On account of the crowded condition
in the Lowell school, a new room had
to be opened to accommodate the in
crease in attendance.
The new furniture for the domestic
science and science departmnets of
the Greenway school arrivel this week
and was set up on Saturday. The fur
niture came from the Sheldon School
Furniture companv. Grand Ripids.
Mich.
A contract was let by the board of
school trustees to pave the Central
school grounds. This will be done im
mediately, and will do away with the
dust which has been a nuisance for
years. The improvement will have a
tendency to improve the health of
the children.
Dr. Johnson, the school dentist, has
examined about half of the school
children of the district, and finds that
a large per cent of them need to have
their teeth treated.
Miss Coon, representing the voca
tional education board of the United
States, visited the schools Wednes
day, Thursday and Friday, and held a
conference with the domestic science
teachers on Wednesday evening. She
outlined the work necessary to be
done in order that the Bisbee schools
could come under the Smith-Hughs
act. Immediate "steps will he taken
to modify the course of study so that
Bisbee may receive the benefit of this
law.
The class In auto repairing will
start Monday evening with Mr. Staf
ford in charge, who comes to Bisbee
from Phoenix, recommended by Mr
Colodny, the vocational director of the
state of Arizona.
All young men of draft age who ex
pect to go into th aervlce are recom-.
mended by the government to take a
course in auto repairing, as the gov
ernment requires vast number of
men who are able to handle automo
biles. He says Arizona will never see him
again when he gets out.
Mrs. V. A. Wood, wife of Deputy
County Treasurer V. A. Wood, left
hurriedly yesterday morning for Ne
vada. Mo., where she was called owing
to the illness with pneumonia of her
sister, Mrs. Mary Hughes. She left on
the morning train and was accom
panied as far as Fairbanks by Mr.
Wood. When Mr. Wood returned on
the noon train, he received a telegram
stating that Mrs. Hughes had passed
away. He will notify his wife ot the
sad news when she arrives at Kansas
City. This la the second sister of Mrs.
Wood to pass away within four
months, another sister, Mrs. A. V.
Peaerson. having succumbed to illness
during Mrs. Wood's last visit at the
old home.
About the State
Phoenix: Applications for incorpor
ation papers were filed yesterday with
the corporation commission as fol
lows: Anglo-Saxon Salvage company
of Prescott. W. & B. Minerals Devel
opment company of Miami, Illinois Ex
ploration company of Delaware, Shaw's
Meani Vulcanizing company of Doug
las. Phoenix: The state food adminis
trator has moved back to Phoenix, af
ter r summer's stay in Flagstaff. Its
first action locally as the announce
ment of an agreement on cotton seed
prices, that the mills would buy at
once on the basis of $66 a ton In car
loads and $63 on smaller quantities.
Th price of cotton meal was set at
$51 end of hulls at $10.
Clou?: ' Fire of unknown origin has
destroyed the greater part of a 354
f ot trestle, thirty ft high, on the
Copper Hill spur of the Arizona East
ern railroad near Gtobe.
W!nlow: C. M. Payne, creator of
the '"S'niafter. Pop?" cartoons, with
his wife and daughters, are doing Ari
zona, at present visiting on an Indian
reservation in Navajo county.
Clifton. S. C. Redd, county engineer,
expect to receive a call within the
next thirty days to Join the engineer
ing corps at Camp Humphries. Va..
where an officers' training school for
this branch of the service is maintain
ed. Mr. Redd was recommended a
short time ago for a commission as
captain after undergoing an examina
tion before Maj. Williams at lming
on Sept. 17.
Yuma: Farmerettes are Invading
the peaceful domain of the cotton plan
tations surrounding Yuma. H. B. Nell
son is responsible for the Invasion.
He applied to the Los Angeles bureau
of labor for help for his cotton fields
and the farmerettes have been coming
Into town for the past two weeks. An
entire unit is to be sent here. A unit
consists of thirty. They are in regula
tion uniform and are good workers - -.-.-Site.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 6, 1918.
SEVEN
- f
r
INDIVIDUALISM VERSUS PATERNALISM WILL BE THE
. PARAMOUNT ISSUE IN ALL AMERICA AFTER THE WAR
again and again asked In vain to be
. m r J r r A I permitted to do only more so. Freight
Otto kahn, Business Man, Orator and Great German-Amen-: rates were raised 25 per cent, passen-
r; . 1 tin c 1 i xrrr - r r , hi v. ,
; niilsonr im Dosed were done awav with. U"L,-CU
Have Been a Feature of the Great War, in an Address in The whole theory under which inteni-1
KtriH. tflltrcuTt? ituu Hvnitjuiauc t.oiu-
I care of In case the government wer
I definitely to acquire the railroads.
! Nor do I speak as one who belleres
that the railroad situation can be re
; stored Just as It was before the war.
' The function, responsibility and obil
j gation of the railroad as a whole are
primarily 10 serve me interests ana
economic requirements of the nation.
The disjointed operation of the rail
roads, sach one considering merely Its
own system nd being under the law
practically prevented from doing oth-
jerwise), will, I am sure, not be per-
Chicago Recently Marks and Defines Vital Issues That Will eration between the different railways The relinquishment of certain
.. ' had been made Impossible formerly, ' tures of our existing legislation.
Mr
THE AMERICAN SYSTEM.
fea-nie
Affect This Nation Mightily for Good Or 111. An Address ! was thrown Into the scrap heap. addition of others, a more clearly de-
f The question of the disposition to be j fined and purposeful relationship of
Every American Should Read and Study and Talk About! made of the railroads after the war is the nation to the railroads, involving
uiiu ul 1410 muni iiiifui lam mm lai- auiuii umci bujiis yifan ui Bumts 1 1"
reaching of the post-bellum questions nancial interest of the government In
which will confront us. the results of railroad operations, are
My concern is not for thp stock and certain to come from our experiences
bond holders. They will, I have no under government operation and from
doubt, be properly and fairly taken J a fresh study of the subject. In case
to His Friends and Neighbors
in :
. K'thii said:
: qualities.conduet and achieve
: i f our army are the just adinir
jf our comrades in arms, as they
. ... Just pride of America. Wher
ever American troops have fought thus
far they have either held the line or
advanced, but never gone back. Our
young army has been tested in many
a battle, and wherever it has fouglit
it has proved itself a worthy custo
dian of American honor and a zealous
artisan of American glory.
New, gentlemen, what is the under
lying tause for tne phenomenon that
our ooys, taken from the most diver
silied wajks of life, brought up in
surroundings and in a spirit whicii
are the very negation of martial uispo
fcition, became m an incredibly short
space 01 time soldiers of first rate ef
ficiency; that our business men, farm
ers, nicchuiucs, college boys are mak
, lng competent, iiideed excellent oil i
cers; that our West Pointers, taken
from small army posts or office posi
tions i;i WasniniUun, were found qual
ified generally not only to command
laiM- mid.es of troops, but that among
-them were discovered men fitted, when
ine emtrgency arose, to plan and exe
cuie the business undertakings of v.ar
on a stupendous scale with a high de
cree ot organizing and administrative
ability (even though these men would
be the last to dispute that a consid
erable share of the credit for the re
sults accomplished is due to those
who, at the very start of the war,
cageny .volunteered, from civil ;ife)?
I have heard this debated a good
many times lately both in Knglaud and
France, and the consensus of replies
is this. ''Yon in America have always
been a nation of private enterprise and
and individual initiative. You havts
had no caste, or fixed class, either aris
tocratic or bureaucratic. You have
given almost unlimited, perhaps too
unlimited scope to ambition, ability,
force, imagination, hard work. You
had a. healthy skepticism of govern
nitntal capacity to do tilings well.
"Under the stimulus of these condi
tions you have produced a race dar
ing, keen, quick witted, adaptable, self
reliant, '1 ne American ot today, as
we see him in the officers and men
of your forip nn-i irr the b-uTneKs men
we have met, is the product of genera
tions of siurdy inalv lduaiism."
The Frenchman would point "out Cat
" France has had experience of bureau
cracy, governmental centralization and
paternalism for several generations.
Tuat system had lamed enterprise,
atroi.hied commercial daring. larded
the development of the country.
In Russia, bureaucracy and patern
alism, plus weak, corrupt and ineili
cl. nt autocracy, had led to revolution,
chaos and anarchy.
In Germany, bureaucracy and pa
ternalism pius militarism and junker
isin had resulted la bringing untul.i
misery upon the world at large an J
inevitable disaster in the end to the
German people.
In short, my French Interlocutors
would coincide that whenever, wher
ever and however the system of gov
ernmental omnipotence had been trifd
it had failed in a j;ater or lesser de
gree; that France had given it a suf
ficiently long test to be weary of it,
and that after the war the tendency
of the French people would be to turn
more towards individual el fort and
to stimulate personal initiative.
On the other haud. it cannot be gain
said that there are a good many per
sons in France, as in Great Iditain
and America, who linuly believe that
the era ot individualism, or as they
piefer to tall it, capitalism", has come
to; an end, and that an entirely sew
.kind of social h'tiucluie will be reared
after the war.
Tliey are very active, zealous and
eager, there militant preachers of a
new day. They possess the irvc.r o '
the prophet allied often to tae plausi-i
l.ilitv and wnmiiii; of the uemagoyue.
They pour the vials of hcora and I
contempt upon those benighted ones I
who st ll tie thi'ir bout to the old moor-:
inus of the teachings of" history and
Of common sense appraisal of human 1
those fallacies. It invariably does in
the end, but meanwhile the fallacies
on their long start and rapid flight
may have wrought cast harm, as we
have recently seen exemplified In Rus
sia. We hear a good deal nowadays of
"The War After the War." That dis
cussion, to an extent, it seems to me.
is premature.
individualism frankly dejiies that
the world can be run on a theory which
presupposes the existence of mental.
moral and physical equality between I
men. JJquality before the law, equal
ity of political rights yes, equality of
opportunity, as far as humanly possi
ble yes. But, an Inscrutable Provi
dence has bestowed upon His creat
ures, animate as well as inanimate,
inequality of natural endowment, and
lion that tpringss and must necessarl--ly
spi ing ir.enuality of results.
"Do you realize that If all incomes
above $lvO,Ot'0 were confiscated, as
has been urged by some, the resulting
turn would barely cover our war ex
penditures ior one moni?. Do you
Know that it all incomer above even
1 10,000 "Were taken and distributed
anions those earning less than 10,000
the nsuli. ;.s far as 1 cu? figure out,
would bo that the aggregate income of
those rece.vhig that distribution would
c increas-l'l hi.'dy 10 V"r tor.t "'
the railroads, as I hope, are returned
to private management.
Personally, 1 believe that In fts un
derlying principle, the system gradual
ly evolved In America but never as
yet given a fair chance for adequate
translation into practical execution, is
u almost ideal one. It preserves for
the country, in the conduct of its rail
roads, the inestimable advantage of
private Initiative, efficiency, resource
fulness and financial responsibility,
while at the same time through gov
ernmental regulations and supervision
it emphasizes the Bomi-public charac
ter and duties of railroads, protects
the community's rights and Just claims
and guards against those evils and ex
cesses of unrestrained Individualism
which experience has indicated.
It Is, I am profoundly convinced, a
far better system than government
ownership of railroads, which, wher
ever tested, has proved its Inferiority
except, to an extent. In the Germany
on which the Prussian Junker planted
his heel and of which he made a
scourge and a horrible example to the
world; and the very reasons which
have made state railways measurably
successful in that Germany are the
reasons which would make govern
ment ownership and operation In Am
erica a menace to our free institutions
a detriment to our racial characteris
tics and a grave economic disservice.
The Distribution of Incomes
Of our total national income, esti
mated at, say $40,000,000,000 annually,
it is safe to say that not more than
$2,000,000,000 goe8 to those with in
comes of. say $15,000 and above, whilst
$iS,0OO,O(!O.0'.'O goes to those with low
er Income -. Yot, we decline to employ
one of the most effective means to
compel saving. 1. e., consumption and
similar taxes such as every other bel
ligerant nation without exception has
Imposed.
I know it is not popular to 'ay
things in criticism of war burdens of
a financial nature. One's motives are
liable to be misunderstood or misin
terpreted, and he is very apt to have
it scornfully pointed out to him how
small relatively is the sacrifice asked
of him. compared with the sacrifice of
position, prospects, and life itself, so
willingly and proudly offered by the
young manhood of the land. It is a
natural and efctive rejoinder, but it
is not a sound or logic one.
Heavens knows, my heart goes out
to our splendid boys, and my admira
tion for their conduct and achieve
ments and my reverence for the spirit
which animates them knows no
bounds. But I am acquainted with hun
dreds ot busines smen who bemoan
their gray hair and their responsibili
ties, which prevent them from having
the privilege of fighting our foe arms
in hand. And I know no American
business man worthy of the name,
who would not willingly give his life
and all his possessions if the coun
try's safety and honor required that
sacrifice.
But to win the war and to deal with
the problems Incident to. and resulting
from it, bravery and patriotic devotion
alone are sufficient. Reason must
(Continued on Page Eight.)
THE PEOPLE WILL DECIDE COR
RECTLY. I huve complete confidence. In the
sobei common sense ot the American
people. X believe that when they nave
Dttn placed in possession of adequate
information, ,when the pros and cons
of a proposition have been fully dis
cussed before thani and by them, they
can always be relied upon to reacn
sound conclusions. . i
The menace which I see Is not in j
the deliberate will of the people, but i
in the fact that under the emotional
stress of war, uuder the patriotic im-j
pulse of the time, under the actual or;
fancied necessity of the war situation I
tendencies' are tolerated and modes of I
thought and acion permitted to gain
a looting unopposed, which are apt !
to create very aerious problems upon
tht return of normal conditions.
h.. ,' then, sliouid' a people which;
rightly discountenances monopoly and !
rightly believes in the principles oi
competition, 'enlarge the operations'of I
governmental agencies further than j
is required for the recognized purposes !
which a free government is meant to I
l-erve? j
I do not fail to recognize that cer-'
tainly during the period of reconstruc-j
lion, and probably more or less per-;
inancP-ily, both here and in Europe, the
scope of state activities is bouuv1 to ;
increase and must concern itself with i
and intercede in, matters which here-
tofore were left entirely to private I
enterprise. Hut this concern and in- i
tt.rcissmn should be such as not to I
eliminate, or lame, private enterprise, j
hut to inul;e it more effective. Nor!
do 1 fail to recognize, but, on tne I
contrary, I, welcome unreservedly as
I am sure we all do the prospect that j
in the times which will follow tho
profound upheaval of the war, the
smndard by which men will be judged j
and rewarded will be, more strlctiy, j
exactingly and far-reachingly than
here toiore', that of work aloue, duty j
performed, service rendered. ,
The world will have no place for
idlers, and social slackers. Rank will j
reside not in birth or wealth neither.
I tiust, will it reside in an office hold
ing t aste but in useful achievement.
Frcm governmental paternalism to
socialism is not a very long step. j
The menace, however, of bureau-1
cratism . and socialistic patiyualism
with' their insidious effect upon the
very liher and marrow of the race,
confronts us now.
Wr.il,. bureaucracy and efficiency
can go togrther under an autocratic
regime, it Ui impossible in the very
nature of ttiirms for bureaucracy to
go together with efficiency in u de
mocracy. Nor, indeed, can paternal
ism and liberty exist side by hide.
I'tirfl'jiiAT'Jtr 1m oitrin wai;f ofiil it-i.
nature. adi Dting v. iterous and ! ant all(l fneificitpt or it U. as in Ccr-
rliniHble, they are unquestionably fany ruthless in its methods, oppres
mal:ir.4 ouvert.. They are otftrmg H;,. in j)s M,irit and poisonous in its
the vista of a catching program to the I elfect. It resents progress, vision and
p il.ulanty-scekina politician. I innovation because these are dMurb-
Th.y arc perturbing the minds of a jni. alld antagonistic to the vorv es
g;.od many who honestly seek-as cv- st.ni.e of its being routine. .
iv right uiiiidr.l man should to hrim 1
about p bfttcr and moro. juMlv ordain
ed world. 1 hey h ive not been without
producing a t rf. iiv effect even in high
JTa( CR.
Nothing is easier llian to start, noth
ing moves fa.stcr when on re started,
ti an "(onomic fallacies. Nothing is
harder thun ior sober unvarnished
truth, loaded down with the weight of
rra'itics of existence,' to cat' h up with
THE, RAILROADS.
'Ihr; f:ovrrnnieut, in the emergency ;
of war. probably wisely aud, in view ;
of th prevailing circumstances, ne-
cpssarily.i has assumed the operation i
of tlie railroads. Tho director general
ol iail-oad.s, rightly and courageously,
proceeded to do immediately that
whhh the railroads lor years had
Hardly a Drugstore in the Land
That Does Not Sell This Remedy
On the Market Half a Century.
"When you are in perfert hcaWi,
and are enjoying: a strong and vigor
ous vitality, it is then that jour blood
is free from all impurities.
You shouM l'C very careful and"
five heed to the slightest indication
of impure blood. A slupcrish circula
tion is often indicated by an impaired
appetite, a feeling of lassitude and a
(eneral weakening of the system. It
is then that you should promptly take
a few bottles of S. S. S.. the great
!Ionl purifier and strenfrthener. It
will clean.se the blood thoroughly and
build up and ftrengthen the whole
?yrtem. S. S. S. is sold hy all drug
gists. Valuable information about the
blood supply can ' e had free by writ
ing to th5 Sv.ift Specific Co.,21
Swift Laboratory, Atlanta, Ga.
F. W. Woolworth Go. 5c, 10c, 15c Store
I
1 - -
' Week
MILLIONS KNOW US-DO YOU ?
SECOND ANNUAL OCTOBER
of October 7 to 12
i 4. Si
7
Regardless of the advancing cost, all lines of merchandise are offered at
our policy of BIGGER AND BETTER VALUES.
ISc-REMEMBER THERE IS NOTHING OVER-15c
Woolworth's Motto': "Give the Public the Best Money Can Buy."
Here are a Few of Our ECONOMY SPECIALS for Sale Week:
Ivory Soap : cake .05
Fels Naptha Soap' .... cake .05
Wide Flower Ribbon--.-. Vi yard .10
Large Glass Water Pitchers ; each .15
Large Whit Crockery Bowls each .15
Steel Fry Pans each .15
Heavy White Water Pitchers each .15
White Hall Boy Jugs each .15
Brown and Black Stone Tea Pots each .15
Lighthouse Cleaner 3 cans for .10
Coats Spool Cotton 3 spools for .10
Carnation Milk can .15
Red Raven Syrup 2's can .15
Royal Baking Powder, 6 oz can .15
Wisconsin Early June Peas can .15
Van Camps Pork and Beans l's can .10
Campbell's Soups can .10
Lava Soap, large size 2 cakes for .15
Luxu Washing Powder pkg. .10
Extra Fine Curtain Goods (75c yd. values) Vi yd. .15
Large White Crockery Baking Dishes and Platters each .15
Clark's O N T Spool Cotton 3 spools for .10
J. & P. COATS MERCERIZED CROCHET COTTON
Buy it by the box ball .10
MAKE YOUR HOLIDAY GIFTS NOW
SILKINE MERCERIZED CROCHET COTTON
Buy it by the box 2 balls
MAKE YOUR HOLIDAY GIFTS NOW
.15
WATCH OUR WINDOWS DAILY FOR ADDITIONAL SPECIALS AND TIME OF SALES!
1
Practice Economy, Fill Your Wants
From Our Money Saving
Departments
HAIR PIN CABINETS. EACH .05
PEARL BUTTONS 2 CARDS .05
BASTING THREAD 2 SPOOLS .05
SHOE LACES . 2 PAIRS J05
COMMON TOILET PINS 2 PAPERS .09
HAIR NETS, ALL COLORS J. EACH .05
SAFETY MATCHES . 6 BOXES .00
TOILET PAPER ..ROLL .05
TOOTHPICKS BOX .05
CREPE PAPER NAPKINS 100 FOR .15
WRITING TABLETS EACH .05
ENVELOPES PKG. .05
TOILET SOAPS CAKE .05
SHOE TACKS BOX .05
WAX PAPER PKG. .05
GOOD LEAD PENCILS 2 FOR .05
BONE HAIR PINS CARD .05
HAND BRUSHES ..EACH .OS
COLGATES & WILLIAMS SHAVING
SOAP CAKE .f.5
COLGATES TOOTH PASTE TUBE .-"O
COLGATES TALC POWDER : CAN .10
POWDER PUFFS EACH .:0
SNAP FASTENERS CARD .C5
TEASPOONS 2 FOR .C5
SHOPPING BAGS ,. EACH .1
INK TA3LETS (Big Values) EACH .05
TALKING MACHINE RECORDS .EACH C'J
GAS TOASTERS . . EACH .15
DELICIOUS CANDY PECCIVEO
DAILY
GUARANTEED ABSOLUTLuY PURE
RED TAG SPECIALS
Make it a point to look for these RED TAG
SPECIALS on our counters each day during the
ECONOMY SALE.
Take full advantage of the opportunity to
SAV EMONEY on these every day necessities.
Here are a few of the items that will b3
the sign of REAL ECONOMY the RED TAG.
Men's Heavy Hose pair .15
Ladies' High Grade Hose pair .10
Children's Klnit Waists each .10
Embroidery Flannellette yard .15
Chewing Gum 3 pkgs. for .10
Fresh Salted Peanuts 2 lb. .10
Men's Bandana Handkerchiefs each .10
Heavy Leather Shoe Soles pair .15
Spool Silk, all colors spool .05
Palm Olive Soap calce .10
Special Lot Pipes each .15
Snrinc Clothes Pins 12 for .05
B Extra Quality Towelinr Vl yd- 10
rt "Old Dutch Cleanser" ". 2 cans for .15
1 MANY MORE ITEMS ADDED DAILY
Save This Advertisement and Use It as
Your Shopping List Mark the
Items You Want
HUCK TOWELS EACH
BATH TOWELS , EACH
LADIES' SCISORS . EACH
POCKET COMBS EACH
DRESSING COMBS EACH
LADIES VESTS EACH
HOSE SUPPORTERS PAIR
CURLING IRONS EACH
CHILDREN'S BIBBED HOSE PAIR
SCRUBBING BRUSHES EACH
SALT & PEPPER SHAKERS EACH
TOOTH BRUSHES 25c values) . EACH
BUTCHER KNIVES EACH
BRASS PLATED CURTAIN RODS ...EACH
DUST CAPS "EVERY DAY
NECESSITIES" EACH
CURTAIN SCRIM YARD
PICTURES AND FRAMES -EACH
PADLOCKS :.. :.. EACH
PAINT BRUSHES (Good Values EACH
B OZ. PEROXIDE ? BOTTLE
PLAYING CARDS, HIGH GHAOE ; PKG.
BOX STATIONERY (Special Latl ... .. BOX
MEN'S SOFT FINISH HANO-
J
KERCHIEFS
STOVE BRUSHES (Good)
HOUSEHOLD PAINTS
EACH
EACH
CAN
.15
.15
.15
.13
.10
.15
.10
.10
.15
.10
.05
.15
.15
.10
.10
.15
.15
.15
.15
.'5
.15
.15
.05
.13
.3
Trim Voi'
MILLINERY
We Can Cave Yon Money.
Own Hats See Our Line of Hat Shape3
ard Trimmings
BEAUTIFUL RIBBONS
La-gs Assortment of Dainty Pat':rns in Ail W-ats
Soecial Value This We k
WE CARRY A COMPLETE LINE GF NOTIONS, HARDWARE. STATIONERY, RIBBON, LACES, HANDKERCHIEFS, ART
GOODS, TOYS, HOSIERY, TOWELS, GLASSWARE, CROCKERY, TINWARE, ENAMELWARE, BRUSHES, WOCL'ENS, TOILET
ARTICLES AND CANDIES. SIX DAYS OF VALUE-GIVING THAT WILL APPEAL TO ALL.
-
fF.W.
WOOLWORTH CO.
5c-10c-!5c STORE
BISBEE, ARIZONA, j V
THE B1SBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 6, 1918.
r
EIGHT
City Briefs
Has anyone visited you? Or
have you entertained? If bo. call
The Review after 6 p. m. and tell
the Society Editor, phone 39.
HAVE RETURNED.
Mrs. G. M. l'orter and children have
returned from California, where they
have been for the summer months.
TO VISIT RELATIVES.
Mrs. Tuell, wife of Dr. Tuell. will
leave tomorrow morning for Phoenix,
where she will visit relatives for sev
eral weeks.
NO CONCERT TONIGHT.
The concert that was to have been
given tonight by the C. & A. band
at Warren has been postponed until af
ter the quarantine is lifted.
RETURNS FROM CALIFORNIA.
Mrs. John Coneliy and children have
returned from California. Where they
have been for the summer months.
DAUGHTER IMPROVING.
Mrs. F. A. Butler, mother of Bernice
Butler of Flagstaff, received a wire
today stating that her case of the
Spanish influenza was much improved.
HAS RETURNED.
Mis. William Hughes, proprietor of
the Hughes block, has returned from
Los Angeles, where she has been for
the past two months on a visit to rel
atives. HAS RECOVERED.
J. W. Scott, foreman at the Czar
shaft, who lives in Warren, who has
been suffering from an attack of la
grippe, is reported as doing nicely
and will be able to be about shortly.
FROM TOMBSTONE.
E. A. Hughes, county assessor, was
in the city yesterday on a short busi
ness visit. He reports the county seat
as being quite lively at the present
time.
HOME NEARING COMPLETION.
The new borne of George Lusa, a
local leaser, which is being built in
Warren, is nearing completion. Mr.
Lusa and family expect to move to
Warren soon.
UNDELIVERED MESSAGES.
The following undelivered telegrams
are at the Western Tnion: Dienleio
Iopez, Frank Thesen. A. L. Ross, Mrs.
Gallagher, Mrs. Bessie Rooney, Alex
Chisholm and Ben Purcell.
SPENT EVENING.
Ray B. Krebs, secretary of the local
draft board, accompanied by his wife
and three of the young lady clerks in
his office in Tombstone, were in the
city last evening. Mr. Krebs and Dr.
Hunt of the board were in the Liberty
parade.
VISIT IN DOUGLAS.
Miss Winnie Ryan and Misc. Isabell
Clark of the women's ready to wear
department, will leave for Douglas this
morning with Mr. and Mrs. T. B. Dean.
Thev will spend the day with Mrs.
McNally.
BABY BOY ARRIVES.
The home of W. H. Hughes and wife
cf Warren has been blessed by the
arrival of a nine-pound boy. Mother
and son are both doing nicely, and
papa has about recovered from the
shock. Mr. Huihes is a shift bos3 at
the Gardner shaft.
W. S. STAMP SALE.
According to the report of Postmas
ter U R. Bailey, the sale of war sav
ing stamps for the month, of Septem
ber was J20.547.83. The sales are hot
up to the average and it is going to
take some extra efforts for the War
ren district to obtain its quota by the
1st of January.
RETURNS TO TOMBSTONE.
Joe Best returned to his home in
Tombstone yesterday, after being call
ed here to attend the late illness and
death of his father, Robert Best. Joe
expects to go to Gleeson, where he has
secured employment.
TO KANSAS CITY.
County Treasurer II. S. Ross, who
returned from Phoenix yestrday, left
this morning for Kansas City, where
he will deiiver the $500,000 highway
improvement bonds to buyers there.
which were sold several weeks ago
He will return as soon as possible.
ANNIVERSARY IS CELEBRATED.
Mr. and Mrs. John McDonnell were
honored with a dinner party Friday
night at their home in Don Luis, the
occasion being their twenty-fifth wed
ding anniversary. Mr. and Mrs. Mc
Donnell were presented with a set of
sterling teaspoons. Mr. McDonnell is
section boss for the E. P. & S. W.
WILL RESIGN POSITION.
Mrs. J. L. Atchison of the women's
ready to wear department of the
Phelps Dodge store, will resign her
position with the local store Wednes
day. Mrs. Atchison expects to leave
for Ramsey canyon about the latter
part of the mon'h for a camping out
ing with friends, where she will re
main for several weeks.
TAKE NEW ROUTt.
All motorists going to Fairbank or
Benson are cautioned to take the Fre
mont street exit in Tombstone as the
road on Allen street is closed from
the railroad trark to the east end of
the cemetery. Fremont street picks
up the highway again about the cen
ter of the cemetery and all persons
coming from the west should turn at
that point and enter Tombstone via
Fremont street.
CHINESE WAR ON. .
Trouble Is reported among the
Chinese vegetable . farmers at Fair -
bank. according to one of the mem-j dividual rights, which was handed
bers who wa? in'Risbep yesterday. It j down to all Americans should be in
seems that one cf the men, Wong Ah I vaded by that most insidious foe of
Fook, has been suspected of cheating
the others during fcig trips to Bisbee,
and the others, headed by Wong Him,
"who is ohe of the partners, have re
quested Wong Ah Fook to leave the
partnership and will not allow him to
make any more trips. Fock, it seems,
refuses to leave and threatens to kill
Wong Him on the highway if he Is
made to leave. Since Kook is reputed
to be a bad man, it is reported Wong
Him fears for his life as he travels to
and from Tombstone to the ranch, and
has reported the case to Sheriff
Welch, who will investigate and see
that Wong Ah Fook does not carry oiu
his threat. In the meantime. Him is
a scared Chinaman.
FROM TUCSON.
L. D. Clark, editor and proprietor
of the Tucson Star, accompanied by
his wife, arrived iu the city yesterday
and will remain until this evening.
Mr. Clark, who is. better known in the
Warren district as "Brick," was con
nected with the Review for a number
of years and has hosts of friends
throughout the district, who were glad
to welcome him here again. He re
ports Tucson as being quite lively at
the present time.
HAS RESIGNED.
J. P. Connolly, who has filled the
position as assistant cashier of the
Bank of Bisbee for the past fifteen
years, has resigned and expects to en
gage in some otaer business in the dis
trict. His resignation was to have
taken effect on the first of October
but he w ill remain with the bank until
C. S. Thompson is able to assume his
duties as cashier. He has been un
able to complete his duties with the
B. I. company so far but expect3 to
be able to go to the bank during the
coming week.
ONLY EIGHT DAYS MORE.
There are only eight remaining days
in which to register for the general
state and county election in Novem
ber. Registration closes October 15,
in keeping with provisions of the Ari
zona statutes. All persons who have
not qualified to vote on or before that
date must necessarily forfeit their
franchise this fall. It is not necessary
lor persons who registered for the
state primary election to re-register
for the general election, but it " is
necessary for Bisbee citizens who reg
istered for the city election to re-regls-ter
before being eligible to vote in
November.
MARRIED IN CALIFORNIA.
The manv friends of Miss Mary
Shea, until recently employed at the
Conner Oueen hospital, will be inter
ested to learn of her marriage to Ed
ward McMonigle on Thursday. Sept.
26, at St. Mary's church, Oakland, Cal.,
by Rev. Father Demsey. The bride
was for many years conneciea wun
the Copper Queen hospital, and was
very popular with the younger set.
The groom, who Is a mining man, is
well known in southern Arizona, com-
ine hero from Alaska two years ago.
and spent several months of that time
in Bisbee. The happy couple will for
the. present make their home in San
Francisco.
FOR EXAMINATION. ,
H. L. Htuchison. chief clerk and
member of the local board for Cochise
county, went to Tucson yesieruay,
having been ordered to report there to
Captain Exall for examination to enter
the officers' training camp wnicn
starts at Leon Springs soon. This is
tho third time Mr. Hutchison has Ap
plied for admission to camp, having
been turned down twice on account of
physical disability. He has previously
served as lieutenant In the army, hav
ing served several years. His brother
Lieut. Robt. Hutchison, was recently
killed in action in France, and the lo
cal man hopes to be able to enter the
army and be sent over to avenge hw
brother's death.
INDIVIDUALISMS VS.
PATERNALISM WILL
BE ISSUE AFTER WAR
(Continued from Page Seven)
check emotion, reflection must curb
impulse. The effort of sober thought
is called for and the moral courage
to speak one's convictions, provided
they are those of a loyal American. It
is easy to float with the prevailing
surface currents of the day, and tempt
ing to attune one's utterances to sen
timents which are sure to meet with
popular applause. But the value of an
exchange of view8 lies in the differ
ence of views honestly held and pre
sented. It is through free discussion.
through the meeting of conflicting op
inions in the public forum, that the
truth is sought and ascertained In a
republic.
Paternalism a Real Danger
Paternalism, under a variety of
names and disguises, will have the
support of the vast army of those who
live or hope to live on its huge pa
tronage. It will have tne support 01
the popularity-seeker, the opportunist
arrd the demagogue, and of many who
are rightly desirous to further social
justice, but do not go to the effort
of painstakingly studying and critical
ly examining in the light of reason
and experience, the ways and means
which are available to that end "with
out doing more harm than good."
The movement will be countenanced
by many who do not -sufficiently ap
preciate, in th face of the lessons of
all history, ancient and modern, that
the only free government which ever
hag lasted, or ever can last, was and
is a government which gives the broad
est scope to the individual, limited
only by equblly hroad but wisely con
ceived regard for the general welfare.
Liberty means neither uniformity
nor the rule of mediocrity. Liberty is
strong enough and conscious enough
of its strength not to fear but to foster
individual capacity. If political liberty
is not the sum of Individual liberties,
fairly ordered and reasonably restrain
ed, lt Is fiot liberty at all.
It would be a tragedy, if it were to
be permitted that whilst our boys are
fighting for liberty, the great and
i splendid structure of ordered and en-
1 liehtened freedom and covenanted In-
liberty, paternalism, with its allies
and close relatives, bureaucracy and
socialism.
lt would be a grievlous affliction if
under the emotional stress and tur
TEST IS MADE OF
BUILDING BLOCK
AT JUNCTION MINE
NEW INVENTION OF J. N. TUR
NEY, THE WELL KNOWN BUILD
ER, IS GIVEN SEVERE TEST AND
SHOWS GREAT STRENGTH
CAN BE PRODUCED CHEAPLY
A representative of the Review had j
the privilege of witnessing a series
of tests on a new type of artificial
stone building block at the C. & A.
company's Junction plant on Friday,
that is of vital importance to every
prospective householder Iu Hie War
ren district. k
Jas. A. Turney, one of the best
known builders in the southwest, and
who by the way built the Johnson
Heiininger building, The Bank of Bis
bee, Cavin block, Costello building,
Johnson-Cull building, Bisbee Auto
building, Greenway residence. C. & A.
general offices. Warren school. Coun
try club and the new C. & A. hospital,
all in the Warren district, and the
Gadsden hotel in Douglas, is the or
iginator and patentee of the new
block. The block itself is novel, in that it
is laid dry, by common labor, the mor
tar, which is really a waterproofing
compound, being poured in grooves or
slots completely surrounding and per
meating each block, not only doing
away with high prices of labor bu
forming a solid way of concrete,
which has not only the strength of
poured concrete, but is water tight.
The breaking strength of the block
was the test witnessed Friday morn
ing. Five blocks were set together
last Monday and allowed to temper.
Friday they were suspended at each
end and weights piled promiscuously
in the center until 750 pounds had
been so placed with no apparent dam
age to the blocks or joints. It was
then decided to find the exact break
ing Btrength at the joints, under what
is known as a concentrated load. This
was done by stacking fifty pound pails
of white, lead one on the other on a
joint in the center of the block. It
took twelve pails or 600 pofends to
break this joint, which demonstrates
beyond a doubt the feasibility of the
new idea on laying as well as the
practical worth of the block itself.
In order to establish the water
proofing qualities of the block and
Joint, one of the blocks with a per
fected joint was placed in a tub of
water and will be left for three days
and then broken to find how far the
water has soaked in.
The block had previously been
placed in water and only soaked up
two ounces in twenty-four hours,
which is considered remarkable.
Mr. Turney is of the opinion that
he can show a saving of at least one
third in the cost of construction under
present riiethods.
Among the many interested spec
tators at the test was Mr. Holden,
architect of the Copper Queen branch
of the P. D. company, who is in charge
of the employees homes now being
constructed on the new townsite at
Warren.
COMMUNITY BOARD
RECEIVES LETTER
OF INSTRUCTIONS
CALLS ATTENTION TO THE NE
CESSITY FOR THE USE OF WO
MEN IN ALL PLACES WHERE
THEY CN FILL POSITIONS OF
MEN
R. J. Wilbert, of the local commun
ity board, has received the following
letter from the assistant director gen
eral, N. A. Smyth, which contains In
structions to the board and advise
them as to action to be taken iu the
survey of the industries of the War
ren district.
There will shortly be sent to you
through the federal director for your
state a description of the Junctions
and duties of community labor boards.
In general, communications between
the director general and the commun
ity labor boards will be through the
federal directors for the several
states.
Occasional specific Instances will
arise, however, as in the present case,
where it is desired by direct communi
cation to call your attention immedi
ately and forcibly to particular mat
ters. It can not be too strongly empha-
moil produced by war, our people were
to tolerate doctrines to take a fcotins
on our soil, which their sober wisdom
heretofore has scornfully rejected as
will-o'-the-wisps and as un-American.
It would be bitter irony of fate if
whilst democracy triumphed on the
bloody fields of war that arch repre
sentative of the paternalistic system
and split, Germany, our own govern
mental and social conceptions and
practices were to be infected with the
poison of paternalism and bureau
cracy. We must stand together, counsel
with each other and work together. We
must give voice to our convictions.
We must become a militant phalanx
in the cause of that which we pro
foundly believe to be right and wise
and Just and ntaking for the great
ness of America and the happiness and
welfare of her people. The problems
of the immediate future loom large
before us. That nation which will best
know how to combine the dictates of
social justice with Incentive and pro
tection to Individual effort will secure
the prize of world leadership no less
than of opportunity, well being and
contentment for the masses of Us ow n
people.
PATRIOT
HERE FOR WEEK
Lt. Col. Peter Peninovich. Serbian .
officer, arrived here last night from ,
Los Angeles and fxpects to remain
here for a week. Captain Peninovich
has been sent cut as a recruiting of
ficer with t.'ie Serbian war mission in
America and during his slay here, he
will n.ster a spirit of loyalty and duty ;
among the Serbians in regard to the.
attitude they should bear toward the!
SER
I'nited States and urge tin in to buy , ihe dance g:vt-n at the Warren park i
Liberty bonds to the utmost of their : Monday night, September 2H. for the!
ability, a fact which lie made known : benefit cf the American fund for the
last night at the City park before French wounded and the American,
the loan workers. His main object :oi:i.::ittce lor uevstated France, will
in traveling among the Serbian pur-, be turned over t-j the headquarters
tion of the country is to Impress the; office in New York City. This money!
people of his nationality how they w ill be used to purchase an emerg
sliould regard the situation of the warjency camionette-i.nbuianee to be used (
and all who are citizens of this coun-i 1.1 France not only for the French;
try should give their service to the wounded unl sick but for any foldier
government while those who are not on tne battlefront and w ill receive the
citizens should enlist in the Serbian j name uf : "Bisbee."
army thrwug'i him, at work for which! This new mniel ambulance is equip-
he has been sent out here to carry
through. The meetings which will be.
held for the Serbian population m this
city will be conducted under the
pii es of the Serbian council of de-j
fense.
sized that our country is facing a most
serious situation with regard to labor j
supply.
.As you know, our whole war pro
gram has been moved ahead. Adequate
measures are being taken to piace an
enormous army in- France earty nexi
vear. This means that the industrial
program required to supply and equip
it must be hurried at a pace which
today seems well high impossible.
The war department has projected
an enormous program; apparently
reckless of the fact that there is rot
enough labor available to carry it out;
in reality relying cn the -will or the
American people to drop everything
else and put it through.
At this moment this program is se-
riously retarded for lack of man power
in war industry.
If we can have shells enough in
France next year, we can blast a path
to Berlin. To tEe extent that v.e fall
behind in the supply or material we
shall have to make up the deficit from
the living bodies of our young men.
This is not ihetorie. It is cold, precise,
military calculation.
As Boon as the' facts are realized,
Americans are going to cease carry
ing on "business as usual" and swarm
into war work; making possible that
which now stynis imposisble.
One of the fundamental processes
which is going to save our war pro
gram will be the introduction of wo
men Into some phase of war work,
and the use of women in non-war work
so as to enable men to go into war
work.
This process can not begin too soon.
On the other hand, to carry out such
a shift too impetuously, without prop
er direction and control would result
in great harm. If men are released
too quickly they will suffer from un
employment while they are finding
their new positions. If women go
into industry too rapidly they will
suffer from undertaking jobs for
which they are not fit, or from labor
ing under conditions which are not lit
for women.
To stimulate, and at the same time
supervise and steady these movements
of labor into war industry and of wo
men into non-war industry, is one of
the chief duties of the community
labor boards.
The Immediate procedure i3 to be as
follows:
From the federal director for your
state you will soon receive, if they
are not already at hand, instructions
to add two women to your number in
accordance with general order B-8, to
act with you on questions concerning
the use of women in industry.
Subject to instructions from the
federal director for yuur state you
should then proceed to study the in
dustries in your community vith a
view to determining those in which
women can be used in war work and
in what nor.-war industries women
should replace men so that such men
may go into war work.
All your decisions with relation to
the use of women in industry should
be in accordance with the resolutions
of the war labor policies Dcard. cur
lined in the inclosed leaflet entitled
"Women in Industry Service."
When you have determined upon a
list of industries in which women
shall be used, it should be submitted
for approval to the federal director
and advisory board in your state. Ad
ditional lists may be required from
time lit t "me
As r.iich li.sts are made and approved
you should give then, widespread local
publicity.
la face of such publicity employers
In non-war industry w ill hesitate to street and from the west should turn
use men where you have indicated i into Fremont street via the old roa
that they sh mid use. women. Men who that makes the detour possible, from
are working, at . w hat a board t.iu h as 1 a point near the middle of the cenie
yours shall determine to be a woman's l tery.
job during war times, will of their I
own accord bo prompted to take u
other work.
It will be the task of the V. S. em
ployment service to place women iu
positions where you determine they
should be at work. In performing this
task the federal director f"r your state
wiil. doubtless, require pour active co
operation and assistance.
U. A. Smyth,
Assistant Director General.
ONE CF VILLA'S GENERALS
HANCED
Ffv Review J.disod Wliel
Jl'ARF.Z. Mex. Oct. 5. Jose Se-
dano, a Villa general, was captured;
and hanged by a federal patrol at ,
Satevo, Chihuahua. Thursday, accord-1
ing to Information received here to-i
nigM. Scdano was unOer arrest here,'
forfeited his bond and returned to
Chihua'iua to rejoin Villt. Ho was
identified by liis 'gold teeth. The
Villa column Is reported to be on the
ColTnenos river road between hanta
Rosalia and Oiinin.i. opposite Presidio
Tex.
AMBULANCE TO BE
PURCHASED AND
NAMED "BISBEE"
PROCEEDS FROM THE DANCE
GIVEN FOR THE BENEFIT OF
THE A. F. F. W. AND A. C. D. F.
TO PURCHASE BISBEE AMBU
LANCE TO BE SENT TO FRANCE
.
The grand total of $.1HS.4.1 made at
ipt'd with every medical convenience!
and is piovideit with all the necessary.
medical appliances for the care of tne
aus-'sick and wounded until they are taken
to the hospital where they lecc-ive full
medical attention. x ne main oujeci
ot the camionette anibulance is to ren-
jer first aid to the wounded and sick
troops, giving them ever," possible
medical aid
It will also serve to perform the
work of numerous errands on the bat- j
tlefield, carrying hot soups, tea and i
coffee, ec, to tne soldiers who may
have been taken sick on their march
and are unable to continue. The same)
attention is given to the wounded by
those in fcharge of the ambulance, j
while being conveyed without delay I
to the hospitals to w hich they have j
been apportioned.
This ambulance will be sent direct
to France fiom New York and placed,
into immediate service and will like-1
wise play a great part in regard to the I
general leiugee dispensaries and be j
0r ile'p to the French hospitals in per-
forming numerous errands. Think how-
fine it will be to have the name of
"Bisbee" blazoned iu shining letters
on the vehicle ol mercy as it moves
across the stricken fields of France.
Mrs. Franuen, state chairman, for
the A. F. F. W. and A. C. D. F., w ishes
to thank thy Warren district for its
willing and generous rfspur.se to the
noble cause tn wliich the proceeds o:
the dance will be devoted, thus help
ing to bring relief to the sick and
wounded in France.
GRADING IS COMPLETED
ON HIGHWAY BETWEEN
HERE AND TOMBSTONE;
i
STATE ENGINEER'S OFFICE AF-j
TER MIXER TO BE USED IN:
POURING CONCRETE WORK j
STARTED WtST ' OF COUNTY j
SEAT
(Special to Tha Iteviewj
TOMBS I'ON'JC, Ariz., Oct. 5. Assist-j
aut State Engineer C. W. Douglas lett 1
today for Continental where he will ;
see to getting a concrete mixer sent .
immediately to Tombstone to be used ;
in pouring the Luton arch bridge ever
Emerald gulch, the only thing that re-j
mains to be done on the Bisbee-Tomb-stone
link of the state highway. The,,'
grading was all finished yesterday,
and this morning all the teams and!
men who handle them were transfer- j
red to the first section of the next
link, that of Tombstone to Fairbanks,
Work was commenced this morning at
the western Tombstone limits and the
road closed as far as the cemetery
and now motorists and other vehicles
are using the Fremont street route
which intersects the highway about 1
the middle of the cemetery. All the
material is' ordered and arranged for j
and state engineer aiwoou siaies
that work will be pushed with all due
force so that tne link between Tomb
stone and the eastern end of the al
ready completed section of the high
way from Florence through Tucson
and an anu over tne aania una
mountains will be finished with the
best possible speed. Foreman Chad-
wick has transferred his tock and
Im.n wi10 work on the grading end of
. the work to the old county hospital
site and this morning commenced tear
ing up the road at the western city i
.-.:. a rr ..,...,., !
UI.l'.lS in 1 uruuMwue nil mini aucci.
I Djriug the time it takes to improve
j the fiist half mile the road on Allen
street will.be closed and parties go-
i jug west should go out on Fremont
The wrestling match between Cou
st ant in uuid Dago tJo which wns
scheduled for tomorrow night, has
been postponed owing to the quaran
tiiie which has been placed on the
city.
(TOO LATE TO CLASSIFY.)
FOR SALE Reo Six In splendid con
dition. Will demonstrate Monday.
A real bargain. Lowell Motor com
pany. 915
FOR SALE One player-piano, music
camnet anu iiny-six runs, cneap.
Phone 273. 933
FOR HIRE Bonded cars, reliable
drivers. Will make trips night or
day. Phone Black 730. Brook
oil
Apartments. O. K. street.
WANTKI
-To buy invalids wheel I
chair. Must le In good second hand
condition. Address Box
Phone lull, Bisbee.
599, or
9S6
FOR RENT
Three room house furn-
ihed.
Bob Elliott, house. 9S2
-PAY
We Have CHANGED
our Deliveries
in Bisbee proper to EVERY DAY, instead of Monday.
Wednesday and Friday, as announced.
ORDERS MUST BE IN BY 9 A. M.
JB. ANGIUS
PURE FOOD GROCER
j
Phone 29
U. S. Food Administration license No. G-16109
Aim
Repair and
D
Of Warren District
HOOVERIZE ON YOUR OLD CLOTHES
. Let us mend, repair and clean
your suits so they will look like new.
THE QUALITY TAILORS
Main Street Satisfaction guaranteed
GATES HALF SOLE TIRES
Will give you 500 more miles when your original
tires are worn out. Let us show you these mileage savers.
J. O. Main, Prop. LOWELL MOTOR CO. Lowell
ALTERATIONS
If you have garments that you wish altered to meet
the new styles, bring them to me, now. Repairing, clean
ing and pressing.
FRUITMAN'S FASHION SHOP
Opposite Eagle Theater Bisbee, Ariz.
m WE REBUILD YOUR WORNOUT TIRES
A Hyde & Strack Retread on a worn out tire saves
you at least one-third the price of a new tire, and will
make the tire repeat its original mileage. We absolutely
guarantee all the work. Nothing but the best material
and workmanship.
HYDE AND STRACK
Johnson Addition Experts in Tireology Phone 859
Everything New OPPOSITE
U.S. A.
The Most Centrally Located Hotel in Bisbee. Phone Green 468 I
ROOMS DY DAY. WEEK OR MONTH
Business Locals
DANCING
Dancing every Monday and Friday
evening at Pythian hall on O. K. street.
Lucky spot dancing and prize waltx.
652 MRS. SALES.
Dr. Cauthitt, veterinary surgeon.
j pnone ot;o. 143 Brewery Gulch. 90tS
j
j Men ; gave a dollar on your
next pair of shoes and buy them at
Kobey's, opposite postoftice.
shoe 8ecial starts Monday.
$5.95
925 I-
ATTENTION
Knights and Ladies of Security will j
hereafter meet on the first and third
Mondays of each month. 931
First consignment of Liberty Loan
. - - . , i : t m..
tfonus oi lourtn issue . .ru. .
your today at the M1NKKS AMJ .vtr.K-1
CHANTS BANK. 898;
BrtoiruM i Tirt I
ROCKHILL'S 3TAGE
Blsbee-Tombstone. LeaTes imoow-
Btsbee Auto Co.. 7 a. nu 1:30 p. m. 7
Phone Bisbee 5. Adv.
I Phone CSO, day or night, for Dr. A. J.
Douthitt.
6"1
NOTICE
No more pianos will be sold for $10
per month after October 15. If you
want on?, set it now. or deposit to
hold lt till October 21. After October i
1 15 pianos will be sold like houses.
' ... n- 'in
j S97
FOR SALE
. . - ".vu
completely luimsiiru, ioi ,
Warren. A bargain. C. H. . Hogan,
! phone 121, office below Copper Queen ,
uoiei.
Dr. Playtalr. Osteopacn. 18 Maaoe
Hill, Mason car stop. Phone Blue 4?
Adv -231
The Copper Queen library being un
der quarantine patrons w ill please i
II lit. ! minili
so
fa
LESS!
Renovating
Bisbee
DEPOT Everything First Class
HOTEL
hold all books in their possession till
further notice. No fines will be
charged.
C O. VAIL, Librarian.
L. L. Gil man sells tne Now Kelson,
"Ui phonograph with a tool."
C. A. Band Dance, Warren Pari.
Wednesday and Saturday. Admoila
lon f O cents. Ladles fre. Adv. 740
Our $3.95 shoe special starts Mon
day. October 7. Kobey's. opposite
postoffice. 9:s
Painter and Paper Hanging
C. J. BRANDT
Bos 150
Phone 456
FOR SHERIFF
I hereby announce myself as an In
dependent candidate for the office of
sheriff of Cochise county, subject to
the will ot the voters at the fall elec-
tQ be he, Noember the 5th.
....
FRANK BKIGGS.
1 Promise if elected an efficient and
impartial administration. 7&
NOTICE TO MINERS AND OTHERS
I have bought the cigar 6tand In the
English Kitchen and will sell cigar
and tobacco, etc, at all tiours day or
1 night.
109
VM. TRUAX. SR.
DAIRY STOCK
For Sale
29 head choice milch cows
! HOLSTEIN
I They can be seeu at the Warren
' ranch, 2 miles south of Bisbee. Mr.
: Holmes, living on the ranch, will
th .tock to
nyone interested.
Call or phone 146. 490
Richard Glaze, Oph. D.N.D.
Practice Limited to Eye and Nerve
Disorders.
Phone 156. Office and residence
first house west of Masonic Temple,
Main Street Bisbee, Arizona.
Glasses fitted by the latest methods.
TORY A AAA V
I SECTION
Edited by
5 WILLIAM T. OWEN
SOCIETY I
i SECTION i
,i Edited by
LEE BROWN
i r
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
VOL. 21, NO. 99.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 6, 1918.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
MINES, MINING, LOCAL STOCKS AND COPPER
A
SPOKANE GOLD PLAN FINDS
SOME FAVOR HERE WITH ITS
, AMERICAN AVIATORS PREPARE FOR BOMBING RAID ON METZ .
ifl FACE OF EVERY OBSTACLE
PRODUCERS SEEK TO SUPPPLY
COPPER NECESSARY FOR W
PROPOSED METALS BOUNTY
Rose Resolution, Based Upon Long Time Experience of Prom
inent Mining Man of Northwest, Seems Feasible to Some
Local Mining Men; Rose's Speech Before Recent Confer
ence was Masterpiece of Brevity and Clear Cut Analysis of
the Situation Among Yellow Metal Miners
r.. V
' V. s 'I
-4 -V
What to do about the gold situation in tbe United States, in fact through
out the world, is a question interesting alone the producers of the yellow
metal but the business world as well. Upon increased gold production will de
pend the credit extentions of the world following the war, when rapid ex
pansion of trade and the' need for revival of the manufacturing interests of Eu
rope will require billions of dollars credit for their financing. t
Instead of having an increasing supply of gold on hand, the world is
faced by a growing shortage, which makes the recent Spokane conference and
its actions doubly interesting. The following account of the conference doubt
less will be read with interest here:
Constructive resolutions, advocating governmental action on concrete sug
getions for improvement of the gold production situation, featured the three
day international gold conference which recently was concluded in Spokane
and which drew an attendance from seven western states and the province
of British Columbia. The conference was held under the auspices of the
Northwestern Mining association with former United States Senator George
Turner presiding.
The most important action of the conference was the adoption ' of a
resolution favoring the payment of a bounty on all new gold produced in the
country, was advocated by Frank A. Rose of Spokane.
The resolution asks for an enforcement ofhe grant of priority rights
given in the purchase and transportation of materials, machinery and gen
eral mining supplies. It asks that the labor necessary to the operation of
mines producing gold-bearing ores be assigned to them! that the main
line of motor truck roads be built from railroad points into the distributing
centers of promising but commercially inacessible gold fields; that trails
and wagon roads concerning with main roads be opened to promising camps;
that financial aid or credit be extended to those properties aa may be 'ad
Judged capable of producing appreciable quantities of gold and other essentia
war metals; that a bounty be paid upon every ounce of new gold, the amount
to be determined from time to time by the proper authorities.
v Tlie bounty would be sufficient to encourage the mining of gold-bearing
ores by by insuring a reasonable profit therein, and would be considered a
permissible war expedient, and expense that in no way affects the Inter,
national standard value of gold.
"Some people get the wrong idea of the bounty plan," Mr. Ross ex
plained. "Some are of the opinion that it means an Increase in the value
of gold coin. Such is not the case. It Is merely a bounty paid to the pao.
ducer of raw gold, and will In no way affect the value of a piece of minted
metal. The bounty paid on predatory animals does not Increase the value of
their hides or fur, and this gold bounty is on the same plan. No certain
amount has been set per ounce for this bounty, but it will be, If accepted, as
a permissible war expedient."
Anbther resolution 'adopted favors the extentlon of exemption from the
assessment work on mining claims until the end of the calendar year fol
lowing the year In which the war ends. The convention also went on record
in favor of the establishment of training camps for soldiers near the great
mining centers and the employment of the men in the production of war ores
as has been done In the production of spruce for airplane stock.
Frank A. Ross, of Spokane,, mining engineer and former president of the
Ivorthwest Mining association, delivered an address beofre the recent gold
conference, taking as his subject, "The Gold Situation and Its Remedies."
He said in part:
"All new gold is obtained either from bona fide gold mines and placers
or else from the ores of other metals in which gold Is a by-product; and any
Donnty mat is ottered must apply equally to both classes, an arrangement
that is easily made. There is a vast difference between granting a bounty for
me production or gold and decreeing an increase in the standard value of an
ounce or gold. The former is a national affair and the latter an international
one which which wetere in no way concerned at this time. Moreover, the
former is thoroughly practicable while the latter Is fraught with dangerous
financial complications too vast for contemplation if used as an expedient
"Our business, then, is to show that a bounty on gold, granted purely as
a war measure in emergency, is perfectly feasible, and practically certain
to produce desired results if granted in connection with remedies similar to
the other four suggestions above.
"The objection is offered by many that any bounty on new gold would
immediately operate to cause the melting of old gold, in the form of plate,
jewelry and coin, for the sake of obtaining the premium. In my opinion,
this objection is practically groundless. In the first place, workmanship and
successive profits accruing from manufacture and sale give to gold plate and
jewelry a market value considerably in excess of the value or the gold con
tained in the alloys from which they are made. It is, therefore, scarcely
probable that any bounty would be Hxed at so high a rate as to tempt owners
or such articles to melt them down and then take the chance or disposing of
them as bullion, contrary to such laws as may quickly be enacted to cover
the case, if they do not already exist.
"Again, as to the melting of coins there is practically nothing to fear
for two reasons; first that the practice of hoarding gold coins is by no
means general in this country or Canada, as it is in other countries, for
Instance, in India. Consequently the total amount of gold to be offered in
the shape of new bullion from this source is doubtless very small, compara
tively speaking. But granting that it might possibly reach considerable por
tions, there is still another reason why this contingency is not to be feared.
nameiy. me existence or laws so drastic that few would care to run the risk
or mutilating or melting coins for the sake or the bounty, even were
sible through connivance to incorporate them in new bullion.
"Another groundless objection is that foreign countries would send
bullion and claim the bounty. Gold bullion does not enter a foreign country
except in excnange lor commodities and subject to the surveillance
x-v."'
i
-
A
-.4
t
A;
A
r -
'4 f
Vi.iWj f,TWni.-.-.. " i i
...
4:
U. S. fliers consulting map of Hetz.
While alLed guns are bombard
in? Metz American aviators are
statin? bombing expeditions over
the city, aiming at the fortifica
tions and enemy railroads. This
French official photo shows Amer
ican aviators consulting war maps
before starting on one of their
raids.
0. D. PRODUCTION IS
LESS THAN THAT OF
2 PREVIOUS MONTHS
AUGUST OUTPUT OF 2,084,500
POUNDS IS ALMOST HALF MIL
LION SHY OF JULY AND MORfc
THAN MILLION AND QUARTER
BELOW FIGURES FOR JUNE
WIDENS ITS "
RESEARCHES
MANGANESE ORE MUCH SOUGHT
AFTER THROUGHOUT COUNTRY
WHEREVER THERE ARE INDICA
TIONS OF DEPOSITS IN ORDER
TO FILL GROWING SHORTAGE
Old Dominion reports' output in Au
gust of 2,064,500 pounds of copper, a
decrease of 468,500 pounds as com
pared with July, and 1,303,500 wounds
below the June figures. In the first
six months of the current year pro
duction averaged over 3.000,000
pounds each month, but the decrease
of S35.00O pounds in July as compared
with June, was attributed to the fact
that United Verda Vvtenatnn wMh I
formerlvhinnprf it, n tn nu ivmin. i THIS OR ITS EQUIVALENT OF ORE
800,000 TONS NEEDED
BAfiNIE MINE LETS
CONTRACT FOR TOTAL
DEPTHOF 500 FEET
STATIONS WILL BE CUT AT EACH
LEVEL 100 FEET APART AND
DRIFTING IS TO STARTSOON;
OTHER PROPERTIES NOW ARE
BUSY
PRESCOTT. Ariz., Oct. 4 The
Labor Shortage Principal Handicap, but Thorough Organi
zation and Intelligent, Determined Effort Are Doing Won
dersWashington Rulings Can Help Spirit and Class of
Employes Growing Better Quality Making Up for Lack
of Quantity
. ,Th 'asf fUarltPr of ,he -vear find the motal producing mines of Arizona
time omZlT 83 "eVer b"f0re' t0 f maintaini"K maximum war
Discouragements in labor shortage, large war sacrifices, cause, for h!ch
have developed cne aftor the other in a seemingly unending procession !i
couragements brought through constantly advancing prices for all ma'nne,
of supphes. for refining of metal, for labor, for railroad transportation and
which have taken from the producer, the increases made In metal price faster
than they have been made-all these things have been contended with and
overcome insofar as maintaining record metal output is concerned Only th
needs of war and the determination of the loval men of th ,
operators to fill these can be credited with responsibility. Under any other
conditions the sacrifices of high grade ore, of curtailed development and of
crowding plants faster than the maintenance divisions can travel conld not
have been contemplated, much less executed.
Ion for smelting, did not shin in Julv
the coranany having placed its own
smelter in operation. Arizona Com
mercial, which hns been shinning its
re to Old Dominion ror smelting will
probably increase these shipments ma
terfcilly, if developments in the Ari
zt.na property which are said to show
bright prospects pan out well.
In the eisrbt months just ended Old
Dominion has produced over 23.0fn,on
pounds, an average monthly output of
2891.000 pounds. It is oiilte likelv
that, with possible Increased shin-
ments from Arizona Commercial, this
veraee will be maintained for the re
mainine four months or the current
vesr The total production in 1917 was
30,653.000 pounds and 40.342.000
pounds in 1916. labor troubles last year
accounting- for the decrease as com
pared with 1916.
In the event that Arizona Commer.
cial's shipments to Old Dominion ar?
not radica'Iv Increased. Old Domini
ion's output for the rmsinins four
months of 1918 will probably not ex
ceed the average of 2.298.000 pounds
shown in July and August, and It is
Possible that this figure will be re
duced through the acute shortagn of
efficient underground men. N'ew
draft calls will tend not to ameliorate
but rather to intensify this condition,
unless miners are placed in deferred
classes as beine essential to a speedy
termination of the war
50 PER CENT FINE NEEDED AND
GOOD PART MUST BE FOUND IN
THE UNITED STATES, DESPITE
IMPORTS
WASHINGTON. Oct. 4 The Unit
ed States must have the equivalent
of SOO.Oon tons of manganese ore con
taining 50 per cent maneanese for use
in 1918. Although much of the hih
trad? manganese ore used In this
country is now imported from Brazil,
a considerable part of our supply for
this year, a? least, must come from our
own doporits. The quantity of man-
Mining l Different
Labor shortage has prevailed since the opening of the war. T.V most acut
stage has been experienced during the last few months, with exception of the
strike period in the last half of 1917. when the Bolshevik! succeeded in halt-
v.. uullJUl OI copper wim wnich to keep up the munitions of American
engineers and soldiers and the men of their allies. In Europe and on the seas
The peak of the present shortage came with the registration or more than
two thousand men in the state through the Federal Employment service for
transportation to West Virginia work and to the Pacific" coast shipyard.
These men in the larger number of instances quit jobs to declare themselves
unemployed and register with the Service agents. Those who were actually
without jobs were nevertheless needed in the state. Mining is different
from manufacturing in this resnect. The manufacturer deliberately increase.,
capacity and requirement for.labor, knowing well in advanrp tn- H.tit;.i
amount he will require. The mine comes Into its requirement for more labor
overnight, or with a new round of shots. The emergency simply is at hand
and must be met within the hour. It is for thin reason that surplus labor has
always been necessary in the metal producing, districts of Arizona There
is no time to send for it over the several hundrt d miles that m-. ir...ii
to reach the large labor centers. The morninr shirt mT . . .rai ,
muckers and with the noon round of shots in the Ma min rnT,H;n.,n-
"CM:uu luu"lr aianaser uar-1 veicp mat win take up every available mucker and leave unfilled demand for
rtlt rt-io lot a rrl t fj n) rn ( T7 DlAiint manv mflPa TVta m n . 1 : . t .
to sink the Bannie shaft 300 feet, divisions of r. ork.
which will carry it to the 500 level.
Stations will be cut at the 300, 400 and
500. Expectations are that the 5u0
level. will be reached in the next sixty
day3. , One thousand feet or cable has
'been ordered to take the place or the
500 Teet or cable now at the camp,
which would indicate that flie sinking
will not stop at the 500 level.
Keep your eye on the Bannie mine,
which has the making ot a great prop
erty, with better showing right along
as work progresses, and it is progress
ing riht along. It is one or the best
managed piopects in this section. Ev
ery available dollar raised by Manager
Garret to develop thiB property has j
been expended for that purpose. He 1
r.s may create a temporary surplus in other
Need Understanding Administration
Recent Washington rulings give hope that the situation of the mining dis
tricts as to labor requirements has become clearer in point of their require
ment or an intelligent individual manner or treatment and that from now on
they will rare differently. In the meantime mine operators have not been
idle and have given a great deal of application to the overcoming of labor
shortage through the installation of new labor saving devices, gome or these
temporary and mere expedients born of the necessity of the hour but mary
representing permanent installations of which use will become enral Mm
and smelters' have benefited more largely from this line or endeavor than have
the mines, but the latter are now In the way or deriving nossihlv lare-er .
suits rrom new efficiency installations that have been going through the ex
perimental period than the total gains of some years past might represent.
Have Left Nothing Go Neglected
Mention or these things has its value in that it gives somewhat clearer
ideas or the pressure under which mine operators and owners have put them
selves to over come the difficulties with which they have been beset, and
which must be looked upon as far from any nrobable earlv ending tn
nas certainly sei a line example ioinat iney Keep up their end in the conduct of the war with more than cred
mine managers in his handling of this ; ible results. All or it has gone rorward with no word nf mni,i . .
I the compelling conditions and with no claim through publicity ror apprecl
nune, . ,;.. .i, .... - . . . . - . . .
v.. ,. ur is uriug acme, me raci remains nevertheless that
ganeso ore containing 40 per cent or! Johnson & Strohm are that gold " no war ,ni1us,rV has there been bigger things done by way of
more or manj;an.se mined in the Uni-. corner ore is beins; shipped to Hum- re " er"-',,n"y and decreased call upon the country's lesser manpower
property.
Reports rrom
Walker district.
the Eureka
being operated by j
ed States in 1!H7 was 114.216 tons. boIdt sn.ter.
tor vnun tne liatesville region or Ar- Report comes from Rich Hill that
kansas produced 8.734 tons. That re-1 a miner named Gus Rcissman recent
cirn produced also 9,479 tons of fer-Uv picked up n nugset in that famous
ruinous manganese ore in 1917. This nlneer irnl.l nrnflnrins- Wnlitv vali.n.I
year the output must be increased and j at $lt;5. whi(.h was purchased hv the
ALL PURCHASERS OF GOLD
FROM THE UNITED STATES
MUST HAVE LICENSES
The government has placed a
on the purchase of gold from
ban
the
the promise of a considerable increase
not onlv In Arkansas but in other
rmrts of the United States is excellent.
for the Octave Mining
storekeeper
company.
Reports from the Big Dome silver
property, near Walker, operated bv C.
in onier to stimulate production the j B. Hays, are that a carload of assort
dnmesttc deposits are being examined ed ore giving assav returns of nearly
bv ger.loyists of the United States go-j S0O ounces silver per ton. with some
oloqical survey, department of the in-1 lead has been shipped to El Paso. The
terior. whot will obtain all available property is well equipped with de
Informnhon as to the c haracter, size velopment machinery. A heavy inflow
snd occurrence of the deposits a"-' of water at a depth of ninety feet, has
rrerare for publication brief reports , necessitated the putting in of a new
jiivirT i:i results ol meir studies.
A detailed examination of the man
ganese deposits of th P.atesville re
gion was recently completed by H. D
Miser of the pcoloHoal survey. In
pump.
I Senator William H. Reynolds, presl
l dent of the Arizona Binghamton Coo
per company, arrived in Prescott this
a week from N'ew fork City to attend a
United States mints or assav offices dPVf 'oped manpn"ie deposits lie in
report on the ,rvey he says that the j meeting of the stockholders of the
another
authorities of that country, or when specially ordered thereby. Certainly no
bounty would be paid on smuggled bullion under any plan similar to the one
that follows:
-Let a bounty be granted on all new gold produced, but under these, or
similar conditions:
1. That the bounty shall be paid only upon Identification of the possessor
of bullion and after satisfactory explanation of its origin, payment to be made
at such places as shall be designated by branches.
' 2. That, in lieu of bullion, the applicant for bounty shall present certifl-i
caies irom tne Mint that bought his bullion, or rrom the public mill or
smelters that bought his ores.
3. That all such certificates from public mills or smelters shall be offici
ally endorsed by a government inspector of ore shipments.
"Even a brief consideration of the above outlines will show that when
these fundamentals are carefully worked out in detail they must necessarily
cover every conceivable case that may arise."
i win i,fiii v . I'it.m ri. V O It.
it pos-lwunout license tiierefor. The cause:" , , , V, 1 ni? njr Im,r lo company official. oanw in from El
of this order Is the growing necessity r,L'n; miles wide, which extends nnrih-1 Paso fnr ,he samp pllrpns(v Tho rinK.
their " 0ltI f0r """""y winitlon.:",7w'1 ,Mro"?' in'iepPiianrenBrp , hamton properties hae large ore -bod-
i uv u is Keiung scarce inr min ni. onH " - win.,,-, m m, iiuiiutM.i u, ,, ,,., i .... ,,,
even- ounce nmat ho mt..!.,..! . .!,rtn rart of the state, but are mainly Ln -
w -i . , vt ii, iwi- . . ... niuuiM-i!. Ill wie UUMUHHIU SuieiTCr. 1
Oi tnhlk. u .1.. n. . in Independence rnnntv iinMnnuo ... .
-
financial world.
is not likely to be roune in every part
of this belt, hut the deposits, which
diTT greatly In size, are extensive.
SEVEN SACKS HIGH I The production from nearly everv
GRADE NET $119 nin been small. Tu fact onlv 11
mines have produred more than 1.000
KINGMAN. Oct. 4. Sam Myers, one' ,rnq rr "re- of this numhor the mines
of the old time miners of Chloride. fha havp p-odi;ce1 mainlv or entirely
lant week shipped seven sacks of ore bich-crade manganese ore are the
to the smelter that netted him $119. Sn""'crn mine. H-. miles northeast of
a rather good remrn for that amount r";sl-n'an: the Montrnnifrv mine. 7
of rock. Myers lias been prospe-ting "li s '"'t northeast of Cushmnn; the
the country from Chloride to Utah 1 'f ';!;c mine, one-half n.ile north
and down toward
found many good th
and we hope that
one big property tha
U n i 1 1 i....n 1 ..
,than the copper producers of Arizona have brought about and use of which has
i""' ."j' cAiemu-u 10 oiner copper producing regions.
Many Things Working Out for Permanent Good
Oi the general labor situation In the state other than the shortage in
manpower it is to be said that there has been a great gain since a year ago.
Stabilization has made considerable strides, assisted by introduction or serv
ice bonuses, improved housing racilities. with encouragement in a number
or the districts to men to build and own their own homes, money being ad
vanced to enable this, and the constant endeavor on the part or managements
to cut down and keep down all manner or barriers that Ole exiglencies of
handling large forces had helped build and get back on the old time man to
man basis of the days of small operating forces. More married men are
employed in the districts than ever before and have their families with them.
This class of employe will grow steadily in the future and his contented re
tention be assisted by constantly Improving physical conditions on the surface
as well as underground. Nor is he being overlooked in matters of legisla
tion. For his benefit as well as that of the emnli.ver and nit .f tha. v,n
state Insurance, paid by the employer, has been put on the ballot In Amend
ment H0 to be voted on in November. Operation of Amendment 100 will
solve the problem of personal injury settlements and remove one of the
biggest underlying causes of misunderstanding leading up to strikes in the
past. The amendment is a compilation or the best that was round In the
compensation laws of thirty-one states now operating under these, topped
with a schedule providing higher pay ror injuries than any of them and in
cluding a provision new to all of them lu providing life payment in the event
of permanent totl disability. Throughout it Is the broadest piece of liberal
justice ever offered the workmen of any state.
The Army Nw a Quick Factor
Government surveilance and draft dodging caused the greater part of th
has taken ovr the old Bedford group rank and file of I. W. W. to seize opportunity to. register for work in orher
nntes. in me Mayer section, i p to parts or the country and get out of the state during last month Left behind is
date mine development machinery hasja dangerous element from which sabotage is to be expected, but surveilance
p8oTnt o; o'er;" """'f 'ff'rt'- ' " '
tion being half mile from Mayer rail-1 L" un,rr C0VrP brln a,'"t ,rouble t,,roUKh lm-i,lnS foreigner, to violence,
road station. The taking over of this ! Thcre was "'"'umstantlal evidence of this in the recent tragic trouble at
groun follows an examination and fav-j J,ronlP' hi, n as followed by such rrompt and forceful action on the part
orable report by A. L. Blunienauer, of J of t'ononel Biegler in sending United States troops to the district that it is
Montana. ( (not likely that repititlon will now be tried in other district in the state.
r,. j. niie. manager or the Arizona jl olonel lilegler s retlectiop of the present attitude of the United States army
panv. com
nosed of Wni. A. Davidson and others.
Mexico and has 1 """'fn ' tn "rooks Hfll mine. I : ; .'" ' ' -'.".,, . B,,eii,,.i in (iisttiro condition among tne war Industries of the
lugs in his (lav,0" ninp cast-southeast of I''iim". .u k ' I!' ! "a"' 18 ln,,,'" "", """" '"'''"iratliif .If velflptnent In a N(t time md in itront
he now has tho ne umm.ns Hollow mine. UH mile r Yavapai countv ore exhibit lroll,rnst "'"I' ,hp mtltude of the department a year ago and with the fruitless
t will put him in '"-"" ""t f inters Bluff staf.on, and UhVJ,?! " 'policies of more or less placating character pursued bv the rmnIovm.M
luo (Continued on Fag Four)
' the state fair at Phoenix
(Continued on Pag Two) '"" i Hn ii ii i . . ... ,-m ri rr . . ., . . . ' ... - - ,- , , . ,u u -Vr :-
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW.SUNDAY, OCTOBER 6, 1918.
TWO
COPPER
Ld
i
Will
MUST WORK TO
FULL CAPACITY
Production Must Be Main
tained at Top Speed in Or
der to Fill Requirements for
the Great War
la its monthly circular the National
Conduit & Cable company, says: -
"Remarkable firmness and a steady
maintained demand of huge magnitude
characterized the copper market. Di
rect and indirect war requirements are
absorbing the bulk of all the metal
produced Compared with the pre-war
period consumption has greatly
eclipsed the best records or peace
years.
"Judging from available data recent
domestic melting may be estimated at
approximately 130,000,000 pounds a
month, or at the rate of 1.560,000,000
pounds annually, The apparent United
States consumption in 1917 was 1,316,
463,754 pounds, and that for 1916 was
1,429,755,266 pounds. Current needs
for copper are therefore seen to be
of record breaking dimensions, and to
meet the great expansion in demand It
will be necessary to maintain aggre
gate production at top speed.
"American capacity to produce cop
per would probably be equal to all de
mands coming to this market if It
were possible to operate mines and re
fineries full handed. A serious short
age of labor, however, has been a great
handicap to the output of both crude
and refined copper. The facilities for
the production and treatment of cop
per in this country were never so great
as at present, and if utilized at full ca
pacity, and at maximum efficiency
there should be no scarcity to com
plain of.
"The supreme importance of having
every plant fully manned is becoming
more 'and more evident and further
more it is being realized that the less
stringent price restrictions' are the
brighter the prospects for a large pro
duction. Rising wages and high prices
for equipment are pushing costs up to
exorbitant levels. A number of copper
properties are making an output much
below normal, but with proper incen
tives they could no doubt become more
important factors in materially ex
panding production.
"Manufacturers are concentrating
their' activities chiefly upon war orr
ders but leading mills and factories .are
also suffering from a shortage of man
power and skilled workers so that full
capacity operations in all departments
are Impossible. Developments reveal
the necessity for a steadily expanding I
production ot orass ana various- essen
tial products. Demand on the brans
and copper industries is pheaumeual,
and the urgent call for 'output on a
va3t scale is expected to gain impetus
as enlarged plans are formulated. Ad
ditional copper and more labor will be
necessary to fill orders and perform
all esesntial work considered indis
pensable during the next twelve
months.
"There Is no parallel in the past his
tory of the copper and brass industries
with present conditions, and how to
secure the maximum output of both
raw and manufactured metal is the
principal problem engaging the atten
tion of experts, in each of these indus
tries. The copper resources of the
country. ' and those controlled by
American companies, are fortunately
fully adequate for all requirements.
That is to say, the ore deposits, and
blocked out reserves, are amply suf
ficient to meet the wide scope of de
mand coming to this market. The
important task i8 to effectively carry
on the recovery and treatment of these
vast deposits to an extent that will
provide enough metal for the increas
ing and persistent demand as it looms
up with new force and intensity. But
notwithstanding the bountifulness of
the copper resources, it is well to re
member that they are not self propa-1
gating, and depleted values cannot be
replaced again. It may also be found
expedient to allow a profit that will
compensate for producing the commod
ity on the largest possible scale
ins and writing room together with
other attractions whk'U will give the
men of the distrigt soni-j place else
other than the streets and business
places to spend their leisure hours
This building is about ready to throw
open, increasea scnooi ounuuis'j ana
equipment, inclusive of playgrounds
and a number of other town improve
ments will be reached just as fast as
they can be got to. In the Warren dis
trict more than 200 house's have been
tiuilt at Warren during the year and
several hundred more aro to follow us
quickly as their erection can be made
These houses are owned by their oc
cupants, who have received such ad
vances of money as they have needed
In order to attain their own homes
through a building and loan organ
ization operated without profit except
to its shareholders, who are lUe bor
rowing home builders. Other districts
in the state are moving along these
same lines and fast building up a com
munity of home owners and well
housed employes' who will be able to
point to their situation as the best
prevailing in any industrial state in
the Union.
Living Costs Are Held Down
The cash basis, abolishment of de
ductions from pay rolls for stores,
close supervision urged and gained
over store prices and the making of
reductions from former prices where
cash and carry systems have supplant
ed the former credit,- soliciting and
free delivery systems have been at
tended by much in general benefit in
the various mining districts. Employes
find that they have much more left in
cash from the pay check at the end of
the month than they formerly had and
are realizing through the enforced
greater Individual attention to their
expenditures that a substantial part of
their former discontent with the cost
of living was due not so much to the
cost as to the rate of living they were
permitting themselves and their fam
ilies. The merchants have less volume
of trade but are better satisfied be
cause they get pay for all they sell in
stead of part and have more in bank.
What the Copper Mines Are Doing
The copper mines of Arizona are fur
nishing something in excess of 25,000,
000 pounds of copper the month over
and above the total shipments made
to the allies in Europe in recent
months. The balance of the Arizona
copper goes to American concerns
making up munitions and the variety
ot supplies for armies and navies re
quiring copper. These concerns dur
ing the-last six months have taken
over a great deal of the manufacture
that the allies were previously con
ducting at home. Finished products,
in other words, are being made on this
side of the water and shipped across
to the allies and to our own men in
stead of the raw material. Of the lat
ter there is still going abroad each
month for strictly war usages some
thing over 50,000,000 pounds. For more
than a year every pound of American
copper has been going into war
usages; domestic consumers wanting
copper for other purposes have been
unable to get it from the producers
distributing board, operating under j
federal direction. Some recent as-1
sertion that less than 5 per cent of the
American copper had been going to
non-essentials is not tounded
August Production and
That of Eight Past Months
Shows Big Gain Over 1917
ore that are being mined with the
u .. . U : . . I. ....... .,...,.,..,,.) Alan
. . . , ... , .1
It nas exienuea ltseu to unuergruunu
mining in view of war needs that it
was not originally intended should be
undertaken until sometime later. This
underground mining is In the Consoli
dated property which Cornelia took
over last fall and which is proving up
better than then anticipated. At
Jerome C. & A. Is crowding the devel
opment of Gadsden with every ounce
of energy that can be commanded.
The 1200 station has been cut and
drifting is In progress to the fault.
There has been no ore found as yet
none was expected but the condi
tions encountered as they go along
are understood to be more promising
than it was expected to find until a
Copper production of the leading mines of America during August made
a slight gain In output over the previous month of approximately 431,000
pounds, the total running close to 132,000.000- pounds. While this gain Is
nothing extraordinary it is gratifying nevertheless to see any increases In
view of the unsettled labor conditions.
In no mean measure was Utah's production of 19,920.847 pounds respon
sible for the eain. This total represented an increase of more than 3,899,000
pounds over that of July, and was the highest reported by the company since goo(J degj more country haa been op.
October, 1916. Other mines which showed improvements were Calumet &. enej. The ground softened much al
Arizona, Miami, Cerro de Pasco and Granby, while Anaconda, Phelps Dodge 'most with' the starting of the work
and Calumet & Hecla dropped below July. . from the station and looks highly
For the eight months' production this year exceeds that of last year by j pleasing. C. & A. so equipped this
about 45,500,000 pounds. It will be recalled that last year starting with June j property when it tarted the Pro"P
a number of the leading mines were either shut down entirely or operating Z;:,"in,n reduction
isted at that time, in me case oi seerai tumijauiva uuipm um iuv . vq..j
back to normal until the beginning of the present year, while some of the
mining companies were making satisfactory progress by November.
looks to have a great deal ahead that
will be very Important. Superior is
also making unceasing endeavor and
coming into reward. New Dominion
has been financed and is looked to
for the next results.
Inspiration's Game Fight
Inspiration has put up the big
fight in the Miami district during the i
last several months to regain the pro-.
duction which was broken into by lajt l
year's strikes. It has had adverse :
ciicum3tances after circumstaonces to
contend with but with a splendidly i
loyal force and management imbued j
with patriotic purposes to give the j
war eevry pound of metal support that
can be mustered there has been steady i
overcoming of the obstacles which bol- j
shevism, has put in the way. Septem
ber operations were interfered with j
by with withdrawal of a good many
men, particularly from the train ser- ,
vice, for West iVrglnia work, but this ;
has been about overcome and the ;
mine and its mill are now set upon a :
month's work that should show con-:
age of labor aud necessary readjust
ments in mine, mill and smelter prac
tice consequent upon mine, interfer
ence brought by the strikes of last
suiomer and tall have caused a great
deal of hardship in getting back to
normal and maintaining the latter.
This period now appears about at its
end and unless the unforeseen occurs
there things will soon be back where
they were. The operators in this dis
trict have great credit due as well as
the loyal Operatives who have stood
with them.
REPRIEVE ARRIVES TOO LATE.
iConilnued from Pao On
COLUMBUS, O.. Oct. 4. Pasquale
Eicndl of Akron. O. convicted for
murder of an Akron policeman, was
electrocuted in the Ohio penitentiary
hre todav Just a few hours before
papers granting a stay of execution
reached the prison.
Slowness of the mails was blamed
for the incident.
AIRPLANE FALLS, ONE DEAD
siderable gain in production. .Miami
the minute it Copper has been making an excellent
rsa.i,o. th nn hnriv All work under- record and it is Indicated will De aDie ,in- Review I-al wire)
j noHHor. ) hoirnr rarricd on in maintain Its eait. The International HOUSTON. Tex., Oct. 4. Sec.
in conformity with the surtace equip- smelter, a year ago ai me iop ui mo : jng ueier
Lt.
Arkansas City, Ark,
of Elkins, W.
. .! .,.ji,ni!n fri. 1019 murtit in ho ... i. -.in k a mina ronriv for nriv i Hot in Arizona monthly output, has a land Cadet R. J. Leader,
L mess some uuiorseen ccui uvtu a, y wuu. mm lv - - " " e - uicm n. i "v ...... . - -- - , ... , . in i ;..
. .... : . . 1 1 n ant ns,ur than ctVOT A " - f. , 1 1 I A n gimlDtltl Rf I . 1 1 1 Ti
II Ik 11, M ...
.1 .K .V. l.l.rnnni ntnnnntn ' ituntinn In ovorv VKV tthntl it rl lll'S , tlinTW PffirifTlt Dlailt WW than CVST i Vs..
i the ore. and with pick-up in ore production can I field this afternoon. Lieutenant Belzer
Ray District Doing Big Work be looked to go over me toy .m receivea injuries --
n7 I -.... T aaHap wa n nf nonons T hurt.
j, . . . , , , a U 1 1.3. ' LdUCl ij. uvli i '.- "
in me uay uimnci iiric is bim- t
substantially ahead of last year.
to 1,230,042-,S96 pounds.
Appended are the production figures of the leading mines in America for
August and July also the total for the ight months of 191S and the corre
sponding period of last year.
August
Anaconda 24.900,000
Phelps Dodge 17,101,261
Utah 19,920,947
C. & H. and Sub. 10,718,520
Kennecott U2.000.000
Inspiration 9,000.000
Ray Consolidated 6,625,00
Chile Copper .7.500.000
Nevada 6,500,000
Chino - - 5,065,818
Cerro de Tasco 5,786.000
Greene Cananea 5,000,000
Miami 5,379,198
Cal. & Ariz 4,376,000
New Cornelia - 3,928,000
Granby 2,820,207
Old Dominion 2.064,500
East Butte 1,714,358
Sliattuck Arizona 682,681
Shannon 708,000
Totals 151,790,490
Operations curtailed on account of labor troubles.
f Production started June, 1917.
Estimated.
July 8 mos. 1918
, 25,400,000 . 208,084,000
18,733,071 148.521,621
16.021.766 131.113,546
11,118.426 96,217,799
12,126,000 90,972,000
9,000,000 67,750,000
7,300,000 59,147,559
7,556.000 64.4S8.512
6.400,000 52.860,000
6,310,396 51.6V.6.420
5,33S,,000 48,212,000
5,000,000 34,050,000
4,793,082 39,265,5S5
4.214,000 33.998,000
3,900.000 3.490.000
2,167.077 27,884,651
2.533,000 23.131,000
2,076,460 , 17.104,364
672,024 6.560,839
794.000 6,525,000
151,339,302 1,230,042,836
8 mos. 1911
53,919,599
45.489.000
28.610,000
30.151.611
40,933,211
5,766,314
26,368,171
21,816.000
11,822,040
9,010,647
5,541,000
1,184,605,846
down under the prevailing conditions
as understood by mining men in Ari
zona would be a grievous error.
Among the Big Producers
While compelled to give the great
part of their attention to production,
the big mines of the state have with
out exception striven in every possible
way, and are keeping on at striving,
to, advance their ore reserves. To this
end there have been some great en
terprises hastened underway and ev
ery available short cut taken to get to
results. One of these enterprises will
since the beginning of war, exceed
ing the most sanguine expectations en
tertained by. its friends when it waa
entered in production a little more
than a year ago. Cornelia is perma
nently around 4,000,0t)0 pounds of cop
per output the month, with little
chance that it will fall below that fig'
did situation as to mining efficiency
and the satisfaction of employes and j
185 225 000 their loyally 10 management auu
1fi'-71'lsf ; work they are on. Ray Consolidated i
iiola n(ler thi9 BP,rlt moves M a wel1 es"!
, 'o i tabllshed industrial plant might in any
108.632.048 j blg manufacturing line. Constantly j
95,716,000 slnce tne declaration of war it has ;
67,400,000 j been lifting output a little higher and
60.723.273 in Its mill has been getting better
59 204 00Q and better results. Both mine and'
54 ,343,79s j mill results reflect unceasing applica-1
lion Ot patient, enueavur iu aiiaiiimiriii.
of improved practice. . Ray Hercules
has now entered in the Ray district ,
production and henceforward will add .
a material tonnage to the monthly out
put. Hercules mill has started off with
efficiency and Is a promising plant
In the mine the ore reserves estab-;
lished through several years of devel
opment are yielding tonnage that
meets all expectations both as to
quantity and quality.
Globe-Minami Activities
Deep mining and higher grade ores
was the call put upon the Glode dis
trict with the beginning of war and
the necessity for getting there with
increased reserves as quickly as pos
sible. But for strike interference last
year the situation there now as to re
serves would be very different. As it
is. Old Dominion is straining every
effort to get in on the 1900 level and
open up an ore body that is indicated
to be there by the findings on the
1S00 and the 1700 and which there is
reason to expect will develop one
r.liftnn-Morenei District -
In the Clifton-Morencl district short- ' REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS
1
I
ure and almost certainly that it will
maintain itself above IL. as comparea i of the finest bodies of good grade cop-
the operative standpoint, in that it
will take it out of the class of direct
smelting districts, where it has al
I ways been, and make it both a great
1 Hironl Dmottine. unrl . a Mvnt vnillfnr'
upon."""" " r . .
t ... ; ,i,i ; caiiiu. uit.;iueuviii7 tUC CUdllc will
fact, except that in the making of in-1 . r . TT ..... .
' !,,., , j 1 bring into availability, through the
with a maximum output of 3,500,000
pounds the month figured for it when
start was made with tn? reduction' of
Its ores. Cornelia lias extended itself
revolutionize the Warren district from j in its steam shovel operations, and has the making of a splendid prop-1
nas louna ireaics oi aireci Biueiung lerty. Arizona Lommencai nas striven; i
per in the state. Iron Cap in this
district ha3 done phenomenal things
during the year in jumping its output
up to a million pounds the month and i
Here it Is
B R
AVO
The Drink Supreme
BRAVO, a pure, cereal, non-intoxicating beverage fills
the need for a non-intoxicating drink. It quenches thirst,
relieves fatigue and puts vim into work and pleasure.
BRAVO is a drink for everybody.
In Bottles and on Draught
BUXTON-SMITH COMPANY
Local Distributors
r
hospitals and
some of the federal departments there
has be.-n a diversion of a very little
copper to industries that while classed
as nonessential are nevertheless in
some department employed on work
that is essential to keeping things up
at home so that-efficiency can be
maintained in providing ' for those
abroad.
Incentive for Top Endeavor
It is the knowledge that all of their
output is going into use to win the war
at the earliest possible moment, and
to prevent any possible shortage of
the metal and its products at a vital
moment that might deveiop, that keeps
the Arizona operative and operator
going at top speed and always striv-
establishment of milling facilities, of
possibly considerable bodies of low
grade ore in and about the Warren
district which have not before been
possible of handling with profit. Mil
lions of dollars now being expended
in stripping Sacramento hill of over- j
burden and preparing it for steam ,
shovel mining of its upwards of j
12,000,000 tons of low grade ore. and j
in erecting a great concentrator and j
other plants for the treatment of this I
ore, is one item among enormous ex- j
penditures being carried ahead in the
state to th end of increasing reserves '
that will stand up to the finish of the j
war, no matter how long it may go,
and that will be available after the
war to aid the nation In holding for-;
ward for the new and greater share
ine for a little more: the same know
ledge explains the deep antipathy cf i in world commerce which it must
both toward interference with the I have under - the order of vastly
ways of work which they know better changed commercial and industrial
than can any outsider will get the i conditions which the end of the war
biggest results. - It is- why they look will bring about,
with alarm, upon the taking away of Another Great Enterprise
labor, and the imposition upon small I In the north. United Verde has
producers of costs of supplies, trans-j seized upon the steam shovel to make
portation and labor which make it quickly available a great tonnage of
imnoRHihln fnr thpm tn nrndiir wiih direct smelting Ore. To handle this
profit and which in the case of devel- i ore Verde smelter capacity is being j
oping properties makes it impossible ! lifted several notches and by the time,
for them to go juieaii with the estal)- j deliveries from the steam shovel can .
lisbment of new resources in ore with '-e made it will be ready to handle
whirh tn kp.n thp stntp'x nrndnctinn I the product. Also there is a large I
Vast i at maximum when the present out nut amount of money being put into lift-.
sums have been spent to develop rich ! of present producers begins to wane ins the railroad irom tiarKciait. to an-
.... . ' . i . i i .... .. V. 1 Vi i 1 1 i ftrl-
in the proauction of copper will always
be its niaritet selling price.
mineral-area, and an important factor I as the available supplies are exhaust- sist with the steam shovel hill work.
ed and thev are obliged to turn from Meantime both Lnuea einc nu
all mining to seasons of near all devel-! Verde Extension are exerting thein
opment. This dot not apply to selves to the fullest possible extent
all small producers or to all de-1 to make openings into greater ore re
veloping roncerus. Some of both are j serves underground and have had
sufficiently financed and imbued with ' some splendid success. United Verde
ii.,. -iiiH ih.. Vnirit t ,.rr n 1 smelter has been pushed steadily
IN FACE OF OBSTACLES
PRODUCERS SUPPLY
NECESSARY COPPER
Coiitinued from Page On)
in the stale la
. W. evil. Rulings
ice representatives
dealing with the I. W
made by the head of the Arizona er
vie in s'une of the districts indeed
have th;rtn down bars which had
been raised to present these enemies I shop, and turn
o fthe nation from getting employ
ment In the mines, mills and 6melters
where they could tarry out berious
damage undetected.
Vast Home Building Enterprises
Every copper producing distric t in
the stale iias carried on more vigor
ously this year than ever before with
endeavors to make their camps more
Inviting to permanent residence The
Verde district 1n the north and the
Warren district iu the extreme south
have made the most notable strides,
but but all the rest have progress c;f
material kind to their credit. In the
Verde district the I'nitcd Verde's ac
tivities nave entirely changed th" cp
peerace and the environment of Je
rome. S:ihstar.tiHl concrete apart
ment houses in which all m-'dern ap
pointments are found have been erect
ed to-relieve the cmiuestio which pre
vailed and ate housing iimny laiiiti
ius. More ol t.H'.xe :pai tnu'lit house ,
are under ccii..'i-i t: .i inid a:ir ii ti. .
dwe'.lll.g-. ar.j 'o fo!'.o v I:: ir,'.;.:'.ei
Other bt'T:eri:.tr.:.-i include tiio tstuu
lishuieut of a club house, library, read-
war
regardless of excessive costs, trusting
to the future for amends. But they
are the minority.
On the Anxious Seat
But eveiy developing property in
the state iH on the anxious se;t be
causu of implications, that have been
conveyed in various manners that
they may be called upon to close ifp
heir men and possi
bly their equipment over to producers
until after the war in order to con
serve materials and on the theory
t hut a great many men will thus be
released for work in the larger mines.
Some of theoe men would go to the
larger mines and be useful, but tho
greater numlier Hre not men adapted
to work in the larger mines and their
usefulness wouid be negligible. In gen
eral the o;-s occasioned by closing
the developing properties would many '
iiiues outweigh possilil.' gains. Some:
of these propei ties are in the way of'
making big producers, I be. need of;
which may be vital at any thin
higher each month and unless laDor
shortage grips the plant it will con
tinue gain through the remaining
months of the year. United Verde Ex
tension smelter, designed by A. G. Mc
Gregor ami representing the very last
word in elficient smelter construction
and eouipment anywhere In the world.
has been the show place of the state i
for visiting smelternien ana iuuiiug
men since its completion -a lew
months ago. lt is now in splendid run
ning order so far as made ready for
operation and is delivering high re
sults. This smelter by the end ot the
year will be giving output that will
add very highly to the liberal cstcetu
In which Extension is now held.
New Cornelia Extending Itself
The Calumet & Arizona division
among Arizona mining ciHct iu Lies b is
splendid credit due because of the
successful eiuleav;.r it has waged
against o ids of labor shortage a.;d .V.
fendant setbacks. In the Warren (in
to itrici it has kept tne ore going out
and at the same tune nas managed
nick no the production of ! linin
There are Jerome Verde. I to crowd rapiuiy 11110 moie iuimimoim
and Verde Combination iu ; areas of its country wi. h exploi ation.
il. Kill the Junction l!Mo iev i mi
rrote
Arisoe
CmOSH
T7
T1
.1
em
Is offered by the Workmen's Compensation Law, on the ballot as
Number 100 at the November tlectioon. Injured workmen are only
partially protected under the present law, and it is essential that all
classes be protected.
The Man Who
is a Profiteer
His Fellow
Fights Amendment' 100
in the Misfortunes of
Working Men .
Big Employers and their Employes united in the preparation of hr
proposed law. It embodies the best features of all laws in effect in
the various states and has no "jokers." It provides a higher schedvle
of payment than any other law in existence. It eliminates personal
injury litigation and clears the court calendars. It is a money saving
proposition for the taxpayer. Its benefits go direct to the injured per
son, and are not divided between the workmen, his attorney and ihe
necessary court costs.
AMENDMENT 100 IS PROGRESSIVE LEGISLATION
BENEFITING THE WORMAN, THE EMPLOYER
AND THE TAX PAYER
mines.
Gadsden
the Verdi
district, the Kay mine.
Veager canoii mine cf the Shannon,
the Ueiniger Kre man proM:rties in
the Tucson district, and a number i.f
others in dilferent puis of the Male
wliii h may reasonably be looked to for
the satli!.hiuent within (oiaj.aia
tiveiy bhijr; tune of new ore resources
of large iuipoi uuce. To close tUeaw
gives some very lugli proinis" oei 01
ward the Ieiin line and where there
is the likelihood ol a great M' r
body being picked up scon that vill
help much under any "inergeiicy con
ditions that mnv are. The Ne' Coi
uelia. ill whuh C. di A olio the con
trol, has eMeudcd itselt snleuuidly
INf OfiMAI ION
M .!. uinie senator Moh.i.e county. Out man. An. -na
,:, ,:,,-..r 'i ,in!iu Manistee Lumber company. William-;. Ari.ona:
i: m . ivocoresJiM. genera manager v onsju.i.n.-u
Directors: W P
II. A. Nickerson.
; una :
A merle j;;
BUREAU, APION WORKMEN'S COMPENSATION L AW-Folscm Moore, president: J. F Curr . ecretrv.
V''"'". " .. . . ....i.
I. 'in l. Doniu'llv. e President Arizona Male reueranon hi
l'!iullur
Arizona Sim Pins company. I UmiiHoI.u. Arizona; j. r.. inrr. sc. rcia.j ...o..- v
Vor. Tucson TypographR-il I mon. 1 uc-'oti. .i uonu.
'. !!i::S CeuiJtc
L'.l--bee. Ari::iuj: Kclsoi-! THE EISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, OCTOBER C, 1318.
THREE
News of Social Circle
u
torials; perhaps merely to induce a I tricot de laine, a knitted wool very
change by way of freshening up ones j pretty for dress niHterials.
spirits as well as ones wardrobes. At Certain dressmakers are using a
anv rate skirts have returned to the i braid made of jersey, having an ail-
slushed hems of some half a decade ' :ora
The American woman will have no! hold anoth-r wu-U of cooi.'n; school,
time for anything the next two weeks' j Also the dopaMrier.t will assist .i:ss
that does not concern Liberty bonds. ; Si'orle-J.T. the uvinoniraiiiig at-' nt
The very name has a thrill. Liberty. sent cut by th.' government etns:oii
how very much that has e;me to mean b::ard, w.th a free demonstration of
in the last year. If we were growing canning fruit and vegetable and jrt- a.
a little stagnant, that day is in the , narina miners' and school lunches.
dim vistas of the past and the desire The next regular meeting of the club
to work shines ahead and lights us will be a social session,
our pathway. j
For every name on the roll of honor, ' The Lowell Parcn: -Teachers' asso
there will be a million dollars raised. . nation held their ivualar nu-etins
Our brave allies are looking towards j Thursday evening at the Junior hih.
Arizona and Nemo Tbly the Univer
sity of California, l'.y the loss of Ar
thur and Nemo our boys' department
jazz hand is broken up. We are very
finish and tricollete made of I sorry to lose all four of these hoys as
aKo. witn an improvement on the hit- 1 wuul Tiber silK is used for smart 'tliev ar,, all jolly good fellows.
ter in the shape of panels that ion- j looking little frocks in combination!
ceal the hem openings and which at-j with serge or with satin. In many 1 There has been a great many in
ford relief to the straight line with-j instance) such frocks are touched up ' qniries as to why we did not have a
out in the least distuibing the lead 1 with embroidery silk or worsted or I camera club In our boys' department,
pencil silhouette. 1 with a spi inkling of wooden bcado. I e have been very su'"'-sm'uI in aet
Several of the models are gathered i Knibroideries are conspicuous lv c:n- ting I'r Mathes of Gill'iiuns to help
the top while others introduce ' ployed on all manner of ureases. : us in thP organization of our camera
plaits down the front and back and
tuck or fold bord-'red siJes. Lcngihs
vary.
It is difficult lo say wli'eiher the
American woman will decide tu v.ear
1 ho lengthened skirts or insist on the
Satin has not been neglected. Onelcl'ib. Dr. Mailies is a i dly good fel
notes its employment in daytime . low, and has had considerable experl
dre si r :'s well as those for evening nee with chemicals in the making
wear. Sometimes Hit; satin is bii;h- of pictures. Under his leadership the
tened or its lusti." intensified by as- club should be a bi. success.
soctatiiig it wnn cioui 01 gol'l or a
schoolgiil style which has prevailed ' novel cloth w hich ihiityies monkey Saturday evening all the hoys who
America, utterly confident that we 1 After the meeting a very instructive fo;. ,liai,y seasons. i3uth types are of- fur. For eveaing dresses and wraps , wore at the V camp, which was chirin ,
will not fail them, and we never have ' and enjoyable program was giver
and surely we never will. Such a Three musical numbers were rendered
lot of money must be had that it is too ! by Miss Ilorton and Miss Kennett. .".c-
much for the human nuna to conceive ' comiinnieu tiy .vis .viicnaets. .-Mrs. ta;ry a greater degree of distinction
for that sum or six billion sr.ver dol-, Potter gave a short t.u ; on motion pic
lars must bo commandeered in Amer- tures and Professor Philnrook tae
ica and all her possessions. jau address on Int. ire education of the
In the parade Saturday night when American child,
the women passed with their heads
uncovered and their white dre??es .urs. James Laniey or J ombstone , inches of the skirt. In some instances
gleaming in th dusk, it made one in-: canyon, left last week for Pittsburg, there are is evidenced an inclination
stinctively straighten up and take a Pa., where she will visit friends for a t0 return to fitted lines and cutaway
new lease on life, and wonder why few weeks. Before returning home hems, sometimes with a pronounced
they In congress do not see fit to pass Mrs. Lamey will also spend a month flare and sometimes in fiat redingote
the national bill of woman suffrage, j visiting with relatives 111 New 101k
Women carrying banners with service City.
stars gleaning, some two and three.
Red Cross an emblem of mercy, the j tsisbee as usual came to the front in
Y. W. C. A., help and kindness, the the Belgian relief work this week, rect appeal.
knitters with the needles twniKling in j Kaaht hundred and thirteen pieces 01
and out of their deft fingers, the per- j clothing were sent; most of which
manent blind relief, A. F. F. W., Camp ! were very ood and warm shoes.
hire 01ns, ttoy scouts and all the rest 1 quilts, wcol caps and sweaters, a'so heiaht and matched by the deep cm is. . siderod the most popular,
eager and glad to be marching, with 'the wool quiVs which were made from j Iliany instances other than fur on some loose lines are found.
feied. The individual must choose ac-' satin brocades w hich duplicate taues- i t ho past vacation, enjovi d a good turn
curding to personal inclinations. Un- i try weaves and patterns tf lenx ano!""'1 '"'"I' tcr,'- ("apt. J- P. Hudson, .1
iuestionably the new, or longer skirts! are shown. They ate elaboiatcd with,'5- Totter. T. L. Houston, in roe mem
fur. tors of the boys advisory board, wen
' Caat lengths indicate great vjiie-: Prow ;i is again a prime fa vorke for I'resent They ate olf tin pans an t
ties. Forty inches is considered a ' th? tall. And ninny of the wine shades j drank their cocoa in tin cups. anJ
suiart length aiid the Frenc h courtiers 'are advanced fiir suits and dresses for i,,pmp'1 to Pn-"-v u vpr-v mli(h- :,r
have sent over suit coats that are the early season. It is proper now Tutman. Matter and MeCcn.ie of tlr
i even longer, snowing but live or six; to refer to the erstwhile IwrttunUy swwtarial frw, were also present.
and kindred tones as henna" the I
name now being used to things sartor-'
ial, if the shades are not. Black ii
exceedingly modish again and the
black anil white combination's of
which one never tires, comes well to
ward the top of tiie color list. Dark
blue, eggplant, dahlia, blonde, tortoi.se
shtll. vanilla (also a biscuit tjne,
like the tortoise) atid daik rich freeu
Jacket 'Collars have retrogressed. 1 are used by the most fashionable 1110
That is to say that the funnel type disies.
is back, much exaggerated as to' The normal waistline has been con-
Although
Necks are
suggestions. For these who have a !
fondness for the short jacket, there ;
are models in pony effect or of mili
tary persuasion, that will make a di-,
me Dana playing stirr ng music, it 'tne Koa 1 ross smip scraps ny .irs. the collar and cuffs is us"d. Kvident- collarless, the exception being in fa
was great, women from all walks of : Hurley and her willing workers, e-pe- Jy the designer believes that fur Uim- vor of a sort of cow l dranerv across
life walking, side by side, friendly and , cially for tho Belgians.
cordial to each other, considering that j The Red Cross shop also co.itribu
one bond, "Americanism," that has ted a good sized box of heavy clothing,
made the whole world akin. So the The Phelps Dodge and Fair store ten
parade was a success, and the en thus- dozen spools of thread which is much
iaEin to buy more, sell more and work needed, as over there thread is one
every minute of the long days of the dollar a spool. As Belgian women are ;n fabrics. Rich weaves of last sea
son are duplicated, such as wool vel
ours, heavy gabardine, soft cheviots,
and the velvets and veleteens which
Paris deiiihts in and which are pre
sented as a wool conservation this
ming na3 neon overuoue or is 11 mat , itie nacK. me ironi oeing piped or
the great advance in prices of good corded in lieu of a collar. Sleeves may
peltries" has influenced this praise- be any length according to the 3tyle
is not thought to be compatible with I characteristic of the HLodel. Girdles
patriotism. in sash effects are in evidence and
Little that is really novel is offered j on evening dresses, tulle panels and
coming two weeks 111 the Liberty
bond drive was manifest.
The . ladies who sewed at the
A. F. F. W. work room, in Garfield
school Wednesday and Thursday wc.e
Mesdames Hardin, Dally, Goldie, Leis
nian, Doyle, Frantzen, Whitaker. Me
Carney, Butler, Rooney, Bean, Chain,
Sweinleim, Sowerbutts, Ruff and Bra
naman. Two hundred and twenty bar
rels of dressings, four pajrmas, two
bed pad3, two pairs var bootties,
twenty-four compresses, and six sur
prise bags were made.
Mrs. Charles H. Hardin is the new
ly appointed chairman r,f Bisbee-Lia-
coln A. F. F. V. and will have charge
very expert with the needle they can
do much to relieve the suffering if
they have materials to work wi'h.
scarfs are effected. Most of the ev
ening dresses have some sort of
sleeve suggestion. The necks are cut
in deep V's at the back and may be
round, V, or square in front, but rath
er high as contrasted with the back. A
year. And one must n t forget to men- good deal of lace, metallic tissue and
tion the various jersey weaves. They ; rich brocades are the approved niod-
Girls' devotional ser- embrace most of the novelties, par- els. Trains may be said to be optional.
ue.iiarly in new metallic effect known since some of the new models are
as "cotte de inaille" (frequently asso- shown with thorn but just as many
elated with satin, velvet or cloth) and j without.
Y. W. C. A. Notes
The House
vises will be led at 10 a. in. this morn
ing by Miss Kdith Lowe. Subjec:
"Loyalty."
Miss Beulah Coon, who is connected
with the Smith-Hughes vocutioi
w crk for the state in home economies
has been stopping at the Y this week.
1 -
-T4 f,
Employ the services of Marinello
Beauty Specialises. Enjoy the satisfac
tion of knowing you look your best
There is a Marinello Preparation
and a MrtrinHlo Treatment especially
adapted ta your specutl nct-ds rtlxallt
prrfxtratians scuyrtifie trrltmems that
will develop the lull degree ot beauty
Jo long tor.
McDonald's Marinelo Shop
Phone 305
mXJ f -
I
M
Mrs. Arthur C. Fox, who has been
of the surgical dressings. Mrs. Hardin tolne in Canailea yes,erdav.
will be lad to teach any one xho
wishes to learn m the absence of Mrs.
Frantzen just ho' they are made.
Mrs. Frantzen, state chairman, is leav
Tuesday to tour the state overland
with the war film that s.he recent'y
showed here in the interest of French
relief work.
Mrs. M. E. M. Frantzen. on' leave
of absence from the Warren district.
will visit New York Citv where she1 t-v .. , ,
has teen called to national hesdquar-' f,' nTv w r T n't
ters for a meeting as she has recently ;rJ "? f ' ' ' C' wl11 lje
been appointed to a much more re- Id Tuesday at 2.30 p. m.
sponsible office of the. funds of both 1
00m m tl tefic Qho n-ni lc r,,..,n .-.p
Kir wb Vint f, ' o, operation at the Copper Queen
turn in 'about ten days to resume his ,i,aI Wedn,l'or of last weeK, Nslow
duties am Sacramento hili. 1 y ''-'P'OMng.
-Mrs. B. T. Vial of Tyrone
who has been here taking iiijiary (
work under Mrs. Vail, returned to her I
home recently. ' '
About thirty-five women having '
men in the service, met at the Y. W. ;
(",. A. to complete plans for the Lib- j
erty loan parade. j
:j WEEKLY NEWS LETTER YOURG
MSirS CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION
OF WARREN MINING DISTRICT
The Hi-Y night s;hoc;l is now at reg-; member of the Y for several years in
ular systeiaatii. work. It is managed , both the boys' and men's departments,
by a f' r !' board, representing the I left for Tucson, where he will attend
pvbWc schools, the V. M. C. A. and the j t S A. T. C. We feel certain that
V. . . C. 'A. The principal, Mr. John j Bradford will make good, and inas
It. experience as a teacher. He pre- j much as he will be greatly missed at
pared for his job early in rite, and ha.?! y. w wish him success, and will
ir it in touch with the best from the he glad to welcome him home again
!ir.--. Ho i- r.n expert and an enthua-! after the war.
oat r n. t-ie thorongh education and j
An-.c-iLini.aiion of ail adult foreign-;
is rnd for the last few years
lias Trig following arrangements of ses-
The pupils of the Loretta academy
sold $30.50 worth of tickets, at the
dance given by the A. F. F. W. and
should be mentioned for these chil
dren worked faithfully. And their help
will go far towards purchasing an
ambulance for the wounded in Fiance.
The Twentieth Century club re
sumed active work, beginning a new-
club year. A member generously do-1
nated a substantial rocking chair to i
be sent to the base hospital at Camp
HarrT Jones. A committee from the !
club visited the base hospital to ai$or- j
iaiu iuriner ineir neeas, and round the
Miss Mae Lyon, who underwent an' been 'at that work exclusively in the I"'0"3 of Masses has been definitely
h:s- Lcs Angeles Y. M. C. A. u ;1' """ " s: yj"'s".
1 : ginners, lounge room. Monday an?
Thursday evenings, with two sessions
I V. E. Ross, a much valued volun-, in c.rd"r to accommodate thP large
' teer worker in the ranks of the asso-' registration at 6:30 to JT:20, 7:20 to
. ciati. n membership, has been called 8:10. Instructor. Mr. Cunningham.
to rrport for examination in connec-; Advanced class in Spanish, Tuesday
tion with service at Port McDowell, ; and Ftlday; Tuesday in lounge room.
Angel Island. The best wishes of the i Fridav in board room, two sessions.
Removal Sale
Now on for One Week at
Fruitman's Fashion Shop.
Special Bargain on
Waists, Skirts, Dresses and
Underwear
25 Per Cent Discount on
All Orders for Tailor Made
Garments Received This
W
1
reex.
FRUITMAN'S
FASHIONABLE
LADIES' TAILOR AND FURRIER
Hughes Block cpp. Y. M. C. A.
Phone 74 Bisbee, Ariz
WE BRIM WITH A f
1 KICK' A A
Sold Everywhere, in Bottles Only
The millinery class unde r -the direc
tion of Mrs. C. S. Wilson, win meet
every Monday and Friday fnrrn 2 to 4
p. m. All those wishing to join the
class are requested to join not later
than Mondav.
association goes with Mr. Koss.
fi:30 to 7 20. 7:20 to 8:20.
accounting, S. P. Safford.
Advanced
instructor,
Mrs Frnii r,in,.nin i. 1 - F. HOUtwell. one et tne mucn w eunesuay anu i nursciay evenings, in
in the office of the Y during the a I TV mlb: rf,t' aoctatlon joom. trom , ,:M to 9 Genera.
lell Aiisuetj iasi wuetv 10 emei ihl- . ini., iu.miihiui, i- 1 1-
army. His examination has not yet j day evening only. 7:20 to 9, educatioii
been definitely announced. We wish'al director's office. Convorsatianal
him all scrcess in this departure from 1 Front-he Mr. Feuchere. instructor,
his ordinary routine of life, and after ; Tuesday and Thursday In educational
isence of Miss McCurdy.
For Woman's Eye
THE ART OF DRESS
At first dance there sems tn ho
only thing really needed, to be a wheel nothing absolutely new about the fall
chair. The club is going to see that fashions. And because cf this one
they get the chair. ' docs not know w hether to feel re-
A local woman gave the club the;!''"ed or disapoointed. However, a
means to adopt another orphan for a ' little study of the models that have
year. Several interesting letters have ; been sent us from 1'aris proves be
been received fio:n the first orphan yond a doubt that there is consider
also his picture. j able difference in the models that are
The home economic department of . and those that have teen,
the club is in correspondence with ' Kvery thing is alarmingly narrow.
C i i - . t ' I T I i . ...
1,J cit:i8 era expects tci'ernaps me net tor to conserve
ma-
the successful assurance of the war.
hope to see hi'.n back again irf our
ranks.
director's office, from 7:20 to 9. Ra
dio buzzer work, Mr. Powell instruc
tor, Wednesday and Friday, 6:20 to 9. r
Arrold n.ildwin. one of the enthusi- Industrial Secretary C. H. Hardin,
astic members cf the older boys of the th-i-f'i tp aid of his mar.y friends
bows' department, left for Columbia, 1 end his own efforts. r?ports the fol-
Mo.. where h0 goes to prepare for on-
lowing new members between the lit'
trance into Annanolis. Arnold will anc tne close or heptemoer. a total
be Ti-iich n:issed by his mny members ' cf 12" for the month:
MONEY TO LOAN
Watches, Diamonds, Jewelry, Etc.
Reliable House 19 Branch Store.
United Loan Jewelry Co.
BISBEE :: BREWERY GULCH
City Dye Works
(Cleaning and Pressing
Phone 739
Opp. Y. W. C. A.
isbee Fuel and
Feed Company
Phone 121
Office Below Copper Queen Hotel
OOcQ.lI
Have you stored your winter's
supply of coal yet? If not it's
time to get busy! A shortage
is possible. BUY NOW!
IMS bee r uel and
Feed Company
Phone 121
' O. fice Below Copper Queen Hotel
of the Y, and we all wish him succes?
in his new adventure.
Hradford Trenhom, an cnthusiastb
GOVERNMENT TRAINS WOMEN TO HELP HANDLE RAILROADS
-
fv 7
- - --. -
i
' : i . --iv , ' ' -
The extent to which the jovern
fflent is expecting women to re
place men during the war is shown
by the fart that Irtrector General
WcAdoo of the railroads has open
ed a school in Washington for the
instruction of wooaca to.t them
Training women for railroad jobs.
for railroad positions. Capable
women with a desire to fit them
selves for positions of responsibil
ity are being sought for the school.
They will be taught to act as pas
senger agents and freight agents
and to take other positions . cow
filled by men. The women are paid
by the government while attending
the sthool. When they, complete
their course they are given posi
tions paying from $150 a month
up. Tiie photo shows one group
receiving truLcius:.
A. O .To'inson. Ym. Dowry Walker
r?n MVKenzie. T T. Brayfield. M. S
fo-"srsn. J. T. 'now-lei, W M. Kn-t-r'i"".
P. t r-rnconier. C. C. Thom
as. E. A. Timmons. -Dffiiel Shirok
)'aiv- "nn"T A"'inio M:iriinoz. John
"T in. Mnr'ln VTIlalohos. John Wil-
' liams, J. It. rage, Leo II. Hays. Rob:.
. -nnn. i-jip r. tpv, K. P. lirowu.
. Sam Mv1in, Caleb K"nnani;h. Wiiitam
Wilson. K. W. Ouden. R. L. Itav. G"o
Push"anin. Jas. Carr. C. D. lyind, Rio'i-
J rrd Donaldson, (l"o. Molntvre. J. K
i n yiH'hls R. K. McCarty, .T. C. Nations.
; -. K-n.. r .. H-i -ev. rtKi-. Chubh.
J. E. MoCulloch, J. O. IC-oon. R. R. R.
i--v-T. Hinilr-i,; Vorduimo. p. Ricel.
E. L. Johnson, I D. Anderson, P
jl'ustire. T. J. Quldv. J. N. l.ogan
('. Fraser, A. R. McMohan. P. T. Ma
i o-e- . A. R. Krrnnn. A Hedbor.G-o
.'cst-i- a. Topuis. R. Revna. A. O-'.
donotto, N. N'ieto. K. J E:.-hbi;r. V.
Y. Wrlcht. S. I'etcTson. IX Hooker. 3.
! Fs -Mi -rrer. H. )l rr!s. J. J. Trom-
' ' -:h. J. p. H int. M. P. .:izc
j , . - i
j Tl-e r-iht-dav camp which the boys'
, d'p::rtme:it held at Lewis Springs dur
: -,'n Ih" 1-ist si'hool vacation was en
I ioyod by 21 hoys. The boys hiked out
j tr. die op nip. hi't either came b-iok by
, f eric l:ines or th train. Kvory
i r -i-i-m n ror 1 thne. Sunburn was
, very popular and a great manv cf the
boy! ro v hnv,. a eood co:it of tan to
. prove it. J. It. Potter, Porov Yane
an ! John 1'rownlie ore the ones the
. hoyi hrn to thnr.k for not having to
; earn.- their camp enuipnient. as they
hauled it to the springs in their ma
. chine.' Everyone at camp Is looklne
; forward to the next camp, which will
j more than likely be during the sprint
varntion.
V 1 II If -r B 1lf
XJ R. JUL ? 7
4T f
dm
neaier
For Attaching
to Yoin
Range Boiler
Th" hovs' department r'urlnc th
l-;t w eek has lost four of its members,
fjnrd-n Wnllaoe went to Lone Heaoh
with his toother. Gordon told everyone
rat he would hav rather staid riuht
) here in Risbee. Miiton Morioe moved
j with his ii'irenU to Phoenix. Arthur
Peterson cnti-rtj the I'niver.-ity of
-; ! srurd-rt supply of
v.. ''r ?.t reasonable coat.
.! ur store ar.J ask for
iviMiation, or make re
f lor tepreentative to call
ifit j on.
h i ;
r; L
) i i rh i
Bisbee Improvement Co.
J I
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 6, 1918.
FOUR
Mining and Financial News
BY REVIEW
NEW VOUK. Oil. 5. Lowest prices
lor the present movement were made
in the course of today's short sessioi.
by settle oi the iron and steel stocks
associated in the popular mind with
the war division.
The movement extended to such re
ef nt favorites as shippings, motors,
oils, tobaccos and specialties of the
character represented by industrial al
cohol and distillers, at extremerece3
sions of 1 to2 Vi points.
United States Steel manifested all
the heaviness of the preceding days o
the week, although closing at a nom
inal loss. Rails wre irregular at the
outset, but improvement later on Can
adian Paeiiic's jump of 2 1-4 poiuts al
most hall of which was soon cau
ctlled. Coppers and numerous secondary
spe.i-kies, as well as miscellaneous
iss..es inilueuced by pools, declined
iraciioually to two points, heaviness
prevai.ing at the active close. Sales
amounted to 235,000 shares.
Hie enormous credit demands re
sulting from tue Liberty loan drove,
were reflected in the weekly bank
statement, leaving iotal excess re
serves at the low level of $36,700,000.
lunula as a whole were , unattected
bv the moderate unsetiliment in the
stm t market. Liberty issues being
ayf.ii extremely active and decidedly
stringer for tiie most part. Total
sales, par value, aggregated J4.450,
0"0. Old United tstaies bonds were
uualtered on' call during the week.
WEEK'S FINANCIAL REVIEW.
NSW. YORK, Oct. Z Military and
political deve.ojments in the eastern
art a cf the w ar zone, coupled with
tiie further successes of tiie allied
forces along the western from', consti
tuted t!ie governing influences of the
week in the securities market, causing
genual heaviness to munition and
ordnance shares.
Tl.eie was a contrary movement of
considerable proportions in shippings,
motors, oils and half a score of less
distinct live issues, which are expect
ed to benefit by a cessation of hostili
ties. Many other stocks recently extreme
ly inactive participated in the advance,
notably utilities of the gas and electric
power" variety and transact tons, al
though the movement in those war
divisions could hardly be said to bear
any relation to latest war conditions.
Transportations were disappointing,
lalling back after an early hhow of
strength, regardless of ti:e publication
of many additional favorable state
nier.ts of earnings by the interstate
commerce commission.
The course of United States Steel,
which fluctuated in something like a
four point radius, was narrowly watch
ed by traders, who regarded that issue
as the barometer of general market
conditions.
Local money rales held at the lo:ig
prevailing 6 per cent for time and call
lunds, with the former at a minimum.
CLEARING HCUSE REPORT.
NEW YORK. Oct. 5. The actual
condition of clearing house banks and
trust companies for the week shows
that they hold $36,704,010 reserve in
excess of legal requirements. This is
a decrease of $10,121,720 from last
week.
GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, Oct. 5. Progress in the
smashing of German defense lines
made corn today average lower, and
so likewise did a renewal of peace
talk. The close was heavy, 14 c to IVic
dewn, wi'h November $1.29 to
$1.29 "ii and December $1.28-.
Oats gained '4c to c. Provisions
finished irregular, 5c off to 12c ad
vance. Sharp watch of war developments
especially in France and Belgium, shut
A SERIES OF
LITTLE TALKS ABOUT
YOUR
WHENEVER a Ford owner makes a
practice of racing his engine un
mercifully when he starts his car or while
his car is standing, it may be figured pret
ty certainly that he is going to have un
necessary repair bills.
Why this useless practice should be
continued is a mystery. It cannot do any
thing but harm.
If your Ford doesn't start with a reason
able amount of gas and a slightly ad
vanced spark, it isn't the fault of the car
there's some adjustment necessary.
Ar.d if your Ford needs such adjust
ment bring it around. A few minutes
work by a skilled Ford mechanic will fix
the trouble. Anyway don't race your
engine it doesn't pay.
Hood & Bledsoe
Fhor.e CS6
3
LEASED WIRE
out all other factors in the corn niar
ke'. except peace tactics, and the need
A ek end adjustment of trades. As
i whole, business wag light, and any
disposition to plunge on either side
oi me market appeared to be lacking.
Uncertainty caused by peace gossip,
was just piquant enough to give the
bears the advantage in connection -with
the sttady field successes of the en
tente. Few dealers, however, took the
latest Teutonic peace moves very ser
iously as promising genuine results.
On the other hand, all upturns in
values proved transient and were as
cribed to shorts covering for the week
end.
Scantiness of offerings seemed to be
chiefly responsible for the firmness
o: oats. Seaboard call was. slow, but
industrial demand quite keen.
Liberty shipments sent provisions
up grade most of We session. At the
end pork sagged, owing to weakness of
nogs.
COTTON MARKET.
NiCYV YORK, Oct. 6 The cotton
market closed at a net decline of IS to
23 points.
NEW YORK.
(L. J. OVERLOOK, Broker)
Clcsing Quotations, Oct 5, 1
Anaconda
American Car
American Locomotive
American Smelters
Baldwin
918
84
65 ;4
. 78
73
170
6S
5S
48
15Vi
521-4
121
1054
2SV4
lOSvs
49?;
118
74H
, SSVi
64V
. 90
. 58
108 as
46
. 87
. 32vs
1S0V4
126
.31
43
. 43
Uetiileliem Steel (B)
Canadian Pacific
Central Leather
Crucible Steel
Distillers' Securities
Erie
G-drich
Genera! Motors
Indiana Alcohol
"narine
Marine, I'fd
Midvale
Mexican Petroleum
New York Central
Reading
Rubber
Rep. Steel
Studebaker
Steel
St. Paul
Southern Pacific
Sinclair Oil
Texas Oil
Union Pacific
United Motors
U. S. Marines
Westinghouse
BOSTON.
Adventure 60
Ailouez 4SU
Alaska 3k
Arizona Com 15
C. A. 66 '2
Calumet & Hecla 450
Calumet Range 467i
Chino Mx
Chile 19
East Butte 10 V
Granby 80
Goldfield 20
Green Can 50i
Hancock . 5
Indiana 60
Inspiration 55
Kennecott 34
Keweenaw 1
take 5
I-a Salle ..... 2Vi
Miami 28,i
Mohawk 55
Mayflower -2V4
Nevada 20
North Butte 13
Nipissing 8
Old Dominion 39
Osceola 54
Pond Creek 16
Quincy . . 65
Ray Con 24
Sliattuck 15
Ti
h
1
Ml
Bisbee
LEADING COPPER PRODUCERS
HAVE DISCUSSED METAL
PRICES AT WASHINGTON
It is understood that representa- j
tires of the Anaconda Copper Co.,
and other leading copper men have ,
been in Washington and worked
over with the government officials
f. a new copper price to date from
Nov. 1. The final decision wiU ba !
I reached October is. topper pro
ducers in general are optimistic
over the outlook for a higher price
(! than the 26 cents now being paid.
Shannon . . .
St. Marys ..
Sup, lloston
3-,
46
4
Ltah Con.
9
jl'tih Supper ' 84 4
Winona 1
CURBS.
i Arkansas & Arizona 7
Arizona Silver King
I Arizona Bing 5
I'.ig Ledge "
Butte & London 5
Calumet & Jerome Ti
Cornelia 1?
Con. Arizona ls
Ccn. Copper 5
Curtiss 33
Dundee
Denn. IS1
tmraa 3
;"e-rteral Oil 2
Gadsden 3
Grand Island 12
Hull n
li we Sound
Hecla
Jerome Verde
i '
Jerome victor b
Magma Copper . . . .- 3-
Viir.utii Con
ikruUge,. - - -
Pi-JeivniP
rorp'iyy
K;iy Uer'-iil s
i'cin Met. L'.T'i
'.' uolumne '
United Eastern H
Verde Kxtension 37
Vrde Com
Wolv-Arizona 1-
West End ' 1
White Caps
9
Wright Martin 6
OATMAN.
(By Cllins and Bretherton)
Argo
.04
.06
.02
.15
.05
.07
.02
.06
.02
.15
M-
.6:;
.07
1.39
Adams
Arizona Rex
Aiiz- T. R
.02
.05
.05
Big Jim Con
Boundary Cone
Gold Ore
Go'd Road Bon
Gold Cliff
Lucky Boy
.Sunnyside
.02
Tolluride
Tom Reed 1-37
United 'Eastern 3.75
:ied Lion
OTHER CURBS-
Gadsden 3 00
Green Monster 37
Butte London 13
Dundee
Venture Hill
Pitts-Jerome 35
Jerome Verde 41
Ark-Arizona '. 08
Jerome Portland
Ins-Needles 06
Hull Copper 47
Magma Chief 12
Wolv-Arizor.a 1-65
Verde Com 50
Miami Con. 03
Great Ray
Nacozari Con
4 00
V,
312
.44
.17
.81
.04
.40
.50
.11
.17
.121
Con. Cop. Mines 5.00
Porphyry 60
Calumet & Jerome 87
Feather River
1
.1,
r
s
GOVERNMENT
WIDENS ITS
RESEARCHES
(Continued from Page Ont)
the Searcy mine, 3 miles northwest of
Pfeif.'er. The Southern mine has made
an rut put of 36.000 tons of high-r-rade
ore mor than hr.lf the output of
high-grade ore from the region. The
mines that have produced mainly or
I entirely ferruginous manganese ore
are the Cason mine, 3 miles nortneasi
of Batesville; the Blue Ridge mine,
1 miles northeast of Cushman. and
the Ball mine, 5 miles northeast .
l-o!.'ler. Of those the Cason mine
,:as produced by far the greater part
of th . ferruginous manganese ore rain-N
t d in the region.
The cre-bearing clays of the region
that are now mined contain ore in
.-atics ranging from 3 of clay to 1 of
. r .:. to about 35 of clay to 1 of ore. ex
clusive of the overburden. The rec
ords at the Ball mine show a ratio of
3 to 1. and 4 to 1. and the records ,
of the Montgomery mine show ratios j
of 3 to 1 and 6 to 1. and an average j
of 5 to 1. Other deposits where wash-
ing has been done, as w ell as a num-1
ber where no washing has been done, 1
contain ores that will yield as much
rnlrentratn nq thnso af the two mines
; . I. named, but at many miires and '
prospects the ratio of ore-bearing clay
to concentrate is between 10 to 1 and
hO to 1. In the mines where only the
larger masses of ore are saved the
ratio of ore-bearing clay to the ore j
recovered runs much lower and min-1
ing Is generally not profitable where .
it is lower than 35 to 1.
The manganese has been derived
from the Cason shale, in which it has
Leen concentrated in the form of ox
ides into deposits of mineable size by
ordinary groundwater perhaps recent
ly. Much of the ore has been con
centrated in shale itself, but most of
It Is now in the residual clays of the j
limestones below the shale. The ore j
rmnllv r-nr- '
ried downward in solution by ground
water from the shale and deposited in
the Fernvale limestone. As this lime
stone has been carried away in solu
tion boulders and fine particles of ore
have been freed, and as erosion in the J
i a ion has preceded the ore has set-j
tied by gravity or has been carried by r
streams down the hillslopes until
much .of it now rests upon limestones j
that are lower than the Fernvale.
The high-grade manganese ores gen- j
erauy contain 43 10 oj per crut ui
manganese though some of the ore
shipped contains as much as 61) per
cent of manganese. Most of the ores
rc .uain trcm 3 to 8 per cent of iron,
0.13 to 0.30 per cent of phosphorus,
and 2 to 8 per cent of silica. Some
of the ore shipped contains more than
0.30 po-r cent of phosphorus and a very
little contains 0.40 to 0.30 per cent of
i phospnorus. Phospfrsrus in excess of
1 0.25 percent is usually considered
harmiui ana a nigner content win ma
terial? injure the market value of the
ere, but the excess of phosphorous,
which may be due to the large content
of phosphorous In the material asso- j
ciated w ith the ore, can largely be re
moved by properly preparing the ore
for market.
Most of the ferruginous manganese
ores contain 20 to 40 per cent of man
ganese, 8 to 20 per cent of iron and"
. to 20 rer cent or silica. 1 ne pnos-
.50 phr-ras content is aDout me same as
.IS that of the higher grade ores.
1.75 ! Somu mines ship two or even three
.62 ! diffi rent grades of ore, which "are sep
.05 ! arated by hand picking. The highest
.35 ' or first grade ore at some of the mines
.35 I is hard and compact and contains 50
5.25 per cent or more of manganese; the
.65 i second grade is porous, light and soft,
.94 ' though firm and contains 30 to 35
.12 ; per cent of manganese; and the low-
SEEING THE LIGHT!
est or third grade Is light, earthly and'
s--.it and contains 20 to 25 per cent of
manganese. At some places there Is
as much of the second grad's as of the
first grade and twice as math of the
third grade as the other two grades
cunibiued, but the character and rela
tive propt riiiins of the seera! grades
of ore differ In dlffereut deposits.
zThe crts from the Batesville region
are used for making ferromanganese,
splegeleisen and high manganese pig
Iron. Utile, If any, has been found
suitable for chemical uses.
The consumers of ore from this re
gion are: Tennessee Coal, Iron &
Railroad company, Birmingham, Ala ;
Miar. i Metals, Tower Building. Chi
cago, 111.; American Steel Foundries,
McCrmick building, Chicago, 111.;
So.utiicrn Manganese corporation, An
i.lston, Ala.; Mississippi Valley Iron
company, 6500 Rroadway, St. Louis,
Mo.: Sloss-Sheffield Steel & Iron com-.
pany, Birmingham, Ala.; Central Iron
& Coal company. Holt, Ala.; SUgo Fur-
nace company, 915 Olive street, St.
Louis, Mo. !
The larger producers In the region
are: W. H. Denison, Cushman; R. S.
Handford, Cushman; Eureka Mangan-i
ost & Mining company, Curhman;
Manila Mining company .Cushman;
Cushman Manganese company, Cush
m:.n; Man;;inese Development com
pany. Cushman: N. A. Adler. Bates
ville; Independence Mining company.
Batesville; Ozark Mining company.
Bat. svMe; Vance Mining company,
I alisW le. and J. F. Barksdale, Ander
son. Besides these there are many j
small operators, who work on their
own or on leased land, or on con
tracts with the larger operators, and :
win sell their ore to the larger opera
tors.
,An estimate of the quantity of
Available manganese ore of all grades ;
in this region, where mining is not
preceded by systematic prospecting, is I
difficult to make. Of the 18 deposits
examined about half contain an esti
mated available reserve of 200 tons or
less. Only about one-third contains
about 1.000 or more tons and only a
few contain more than 5.000 tons. .
though certain of these contain many
thousand tnn. A number of nrosDects
I
and mines, however, were not visited, ;
and these and the unexpiorea aepos-.
Its may Increase considerably the re-;
serve. The deposits of the region per-
haps include at least 250.000 tons of
satiable o'ro rontainlirg 40 per cent'
cr more manganese pnd 170.000 ton
of available ore containing less than j
40 per ter.t manganese.
AIRMAN PLAY BIG PART.
I).. Da. .law t i aA Wlrai
LONDON, Oct. 5. The British air-:
men have played a big part in the ,
successes on the western front.
In the air fighting over northern
France and Belgium in the last week
124 enemy machines were brought!
down and forty-six driven down out of !
condition. Ninety British machines 1
are missing. , j
Woman's Faith Kelps Husband
"I owe my good health to my wife
who had faith in a newspaper ad she
saw of Mayr's Wonderful Remedy. 1
was down so badly with stomach and
liver trouble after 15 years of suffer
ing and trying every knawn remedy
that I had no faith in anything. This
medicine has certainly been a 'God
send' to me." It is a simple, harm
less preparation that removes the
catarrhal mucus from the intestinal
tract and allays the inflammation
which causes practically all stomach,
liver and intestinal ailments, includ
ing appendicitis. One dose wiil con
vince or money refunded.
Sold by Bisgee Drug company, Lo
well Drug company in Lowell, and
druggists everywhere.
BARRETT
Iver-Lastic Roofing
See advertisement on inside cover of Saturday Evening
Post of August 3. We have a full car in stock.
Bisbee Lumber Co. inc.
EMIL MARKS, Mgr. Lowell Car Stop PHONE 25
ig Economy
SAI F
ressesj bkirts
and Waists
We make this special offer as an inducement tor you to
call at our new store.
Our move to Main street has not affected our prices,
which are as low as ever.
DRESSES, consisting of SERGES, SATINS
AND GEORGETTE CREPE, regular price
$20.00 to $45.00. Special $16.00 to $29.50.
SKIRTS, silk, serge and all the new fabrics.
Regular price $10.00 to' $22.00. Special,
$5.00 to $12.50.
WAISTS, Georgette and Crepe de Chine.
Regular price, $8.00 to $15.00. Special,
$4.95 to $8.50.
SPECIAL INDUCEMENTS ON SILK UNDERWEAR
These are ail the latent fall styles. Call and be con
vinced. Compare our prices with others and save
money.
CUR MOTTO: BETTER GOODS FOR LESS MONEY
FRUIT
"FASHION SHOP"
Main St. OPPOSITE EAGLE THEATER Phone 74
A little out of the way, but it pays to walk.
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
AND UIGH GLASS CAFE
The best of everything at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 60c luncheon daily. Also $1.00 dinner from
Z :'! to 7:30 p. m. Repular Board by the month, $45.0Q
Henry Poppea, Manager.
S YOUR
LIT OF
If so, don't worry, we employ two master workmen,
who are qualified to work on the highest grades of
watches and put them in as good shape as the day they
left the factory, and in many cases better, your highgrade
watch is safe with us.
Watkins & Bergquist
JEWELERS AND OPTICIANS
The Hallmark Store Main Street
WATCH
ORDER?
s 5
it- THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 6, 1918.
FIVE
BONANZA
ORE
0TDIIf!
0 IUU 1
M CH
Cft
lil Oil
. SHAFTJREPORTED
Runs 500 Ounces Sliver, $50
Gold and 17 per Cent Cop
per; Soon to Ship to U. .V.
Extention Smelter
gressed. Mining men are of the opin
ion that the drift is merely passing
ui.nig the top ot a big body, coming
:rui;i tii-j north are a number tf
cross veins six or eight feet wide;
ail inese curry Lionite. chalccprite, ,
slimr a'ld fc.:id. Any ci tliem would j
be wi n worth e.ploiing but opera-j
lions aiu being coi.teuiiated in that
weit dial, which is now gaiiiia
depth. For a time the drilt lost
uepui as it passed under a draw out
it is now biting under a mountain. 1
Anoluer dint ius been extended i
156 teel eastward iruiu the oll-luoi
station and it opened a little g.ty
copper cr tetrahedr:te, as rieii as any
ore ever lound iu ue Verdo oistticl.
'l'nere is not much of tins leuaneu
rit, nowever, anu liouiius' lias been
aone in mat drift lor some time, !
merely because the showing is a little
UCllCI IU V t . ! L UIIU u V ' . w n .....
instead of lost tnere.
. Everything from the surface down
to the iJo-n-ot level shows leacinng,
anotner evidence that &i eater depth
is needed. But it would haidly Oe
praclicaoie to a.uk the shaft a.iy ueep-
A3IANLESS PAPER
IS RUN BY WOMAN
JEROME, Aria., Oct. 4 ore running
around 5U0 ounces of silver to the ton,
better than ot) in gold and arcund li
per cent copper is now being sac ked at
the property of the tehta Copper com
pany, just across the gulch lroui the er with tue pieseut equipment.
Copper Chief, and a substantial ship- ; The ( hea has no compressor and
iueut will shortly be uiaue to lue t. v . j only a twenty-live horsepower hoist.
Extension Mueller at Verde. j Air for dulling and pumping is piped
Kecent developments on the Sii-1 over irom the Copper Chief and ail the
foot level of the telioa have been ot ' surplus from that piant is used. More
a most encouraging character. '1 here over, the flow of water seems tj be
i., nnw pvwt rnsiin tn tielievp that . constantly inceasing on the 32o and
('ft':-:-;:-):;:-':.-
PREPARATIONS FOR
IMPORTANT TRIALS
ON WAR STATUTES
JEREMIAH O'LEARY AND HIS Six!
ASSOCIATES WILL GO ON TRIAL I
I
SOON FOR CONSPIRACY TO
COMMIT TREASON ; OTHER
CASES AL60
THIS WOMAN ONLY
nnniTn nc nniifcinn
una) ou ruuiiua
Sirs. Mary. Norton Cheneweth.
Mrs. Mary Norton Chenoweth is
editor in chief of the Evening Union,
an Atlantic City daily. The paper
only a few hundred feet of addition-; the No. 5 Camel on has about all it) is operated entirely by women and it
is the first paper in the united Mates
to have an entirely feminine staff.
From managing editor down throuph
the ranks every attache of the
paper is a woman or a girl. Even
to the printers, engravers, and ad
vertising solicitors. The office boys
are girls. The former men employ
ees are either in the service or work'
ing for the morning paper which ia
run cyjeameompany
al depth is needed to make the Shea) can do to litt it to the tunnel level, 11a
one of the biggest and nchest mines i feet below tae collar,
in the country. ! But, before this, millions of dol-
The entire Shea dump runs six or lars have been spent in developing
eight ounces to the ton in silver. ; showings far less encouraging than
Shortly aiter the west drift was start-'. the Shea has today. The necessary
ed on the 32o-foot level, high-grade i development is sure to come in time
silver ore was encountered. i'ow the and then another big highgiade pro-
drift has advanced about 450 feet.
There has always been ore in the
face, though at times the streak was
thin. In the last fifty feet or so,
however, bigger bunches of ore have J
been found and recently the company
began to sack the ore instead of
throwing it over the dump. Values!
ducer will be brought iu.
SUFFERED TWO YEARS
For about two years I suffered with
malaria fever and bad blood, trying
have also been getting better and : everytning mat. was recommeiiueu .
with a short time a half
carload or
so of the high grade will be sent
down to Verde.
Because of its silicious character
the Shea ore is practically all quarts
the product will be more than wel
come at the Verde plant and the re
turns to the company should be hand
some. On the surface of the Shea prop
erty, is a broad mineralized zone
trending generally from east to west.
Everything picked up on the surface
of this zone carries gold and silver
me without benefit.
"Finally someone told me about
'Number 40 For The Blood" and I pur
chased a bottle from our merchant,
Mr. Walter Page, and It did mo so
much good that I kept on taking it,
using in all 3M- bottles. Today I am
feeling ftne and do not hesitate ;.o
recommend it for any troutle for
which it is recommended. .
"You are at liberty to use this letter
any way you desire for 1 know what
Number 40 is." ' 1
II. L. BURNETT, Waku'U, Via.
"Number 40 For The Blood" is coin-
down in
vaiues. Apparently me zone is a hou11liei fr0Ta jCfn-edients set.
series of white quartz ledges with j lne Lt g pit;pensary and other author-quartz-schist
between. The shaft ltative medical books as fm'ows:
passed throu?h one ledge of quartz Enmloved in diseases of tlia trland-
forty feet wide.
Curiously enough,
the formation
j ular system, in blood poison, ajtiof'ila,
constipation, sioinacn uua uer uuu-
here does. not pitch to the north, as i j,eSi chronic rheumatism and catarrh,
it does at the Copper Chief, less than' mercurial and lead poisoning. I'i'der
half a mile away, but to the south. , jts use nodes, tumors and scrofulous
When a permanent shaft is sunk it swellings that have withstood all oth
will probably be some distance south ; tr treatment disappear . as If by
of the present prospecting shaft. j magic."
As stated before, the high-grade ore I Sold by Central I'ourmacy, Bisb.ee,
was in and out as the west drift pro- Ariz.; Lowell Drug Cj., Lowell, A:iz.
NEAR NOTED SCENES
PARIS, Aug. 30 (Correspondence of
the Associated Press) The American
Red Cross warehouse in Paris, at 80
Rue de Chemiu Vert, is located on the
scene of a good part of the action in
Victor Hugo's novel "Les Aliserables."
The author gives the street its full
name, now discarded, of "rue du
Chemin Vert St. Anionic" It was up
this "long and narrow street," that
Jean Valjean and the child Fantine
turned when pursued by the police.
At the end of this street is Bipus,
where Jean Valjean took refuge in a
convent. At the other end is the
Place des Vosgcs, where Victor Hugo
lived while writing "Les Miserables."
Safford: J. H. Lowthian of Thatch
er was arrested yesterday morning bf
Deputy Sheriff Layton on a charge of
a lascivious act against the person of
a young girl, aged 10 years, commit
ted Wednesday afternoon in an auto
truck on Solomonville road. Lowthian
was brought before Justice Paxton
yesterdny forenor.n, who fixed his bond
at $1,500. Lowthian secured bond ye3
tprdav. afternoon. His preliminary
! examination will be held next week.
NEW YORK, Sept. 30. Preparation
of important prosecutions growing out
of violations of war time statutes is
nearing completion, according to fed
eral attorneys, who announced here
today that Jeremiah A. O'Leary and
other alleged obstructors of the na
tion's military progress wilt be placed
on trial this month and next.
The case iigaiiist O Leaiy and dx
associates indicted on charges of con
spiracy to commit treason and espion-.
age will be one of the last heard, said
olficials of the department of justice,
because one of the defendants, John
T. Ryan, a Buffalo, N. Y., lawyer, still
is at large.
Others involved in the case, includ
ing Willard Robinson, Emil Kipper
and Albert Paul Fricke, all of New
York; Lt. Com: Hermann Wessels of
the German navy, generally known in
this country as Carl Rodiger, and the
Baroness Maria Von Kretschmann,
who posed here under the name of
Mine, de Victorica, are in jail here.
O'Leary who was captured on the
Pacific coast after a sensational flight
ca the even of his trial for espionage
as a writer in the anti-British maga
zine BULL, also is in the Tombs.
The lesser charge against O'Leary,
in which his co-defendant with pub
lishers of BULL and officers of the
American Truth society, charged
with attempting to interfere with con
scription, is scheduled for trial Octo
ber 14.
The first case on the "espionage cal
endar" is that Max Eastman anQ the
staff of MASSES, set for September
23. Hearing last spring of charges
against this socialist magazine and
Its makers, indicted for alleged anti
enlistment agitation, resulted in a dis
agreement of the jury.
Trials likely to be moved in Octo
ber, officials stated, are those of Ed
ward Rumely, charged with having
bought the New York Evening Mail
for the German government, and
Scott Nearing, former college proies
sor, indicted for conspiracy to ob
struct recruiting and enlistment.
Rumely is under bail on an indictment
accusing him of perjury in conceal
ing from the alient property custodian
the alleged fact that the Mail w-as
enemy owned. Nearing's speeches and
writing last spring caused his indictment.
0
21 C&iUi bJ?&Lli
GOLDEN RULE STORE
MAIN STREET
Q -
LOWELL, ARIZONA
Buy Now! Buy Now! Buy Now!
An opportunity to fill your fall and winter clothing supply at a HUGE SAVING.
Don't hesitate in buying, as merchandise is rapidly increasing in price. Our line of Men's
Heavy Underwear, Heavy Flannel Shirts, Sweaters, Mackinaws and other Winter Ap
parel will be put on sale, for a few days only
Beginning Saturday, October 5
G'cbe: County Attorney Foster
it turned from- Black river last night.
where he went, to investigate the find
ing of two bodies Thursday afternoon.
According to the statement of Mr.
j-oster, the murder was one of the
i most atrocious committed in recent
yta.'-r. The two men., whose bodies
j were found in the river, weighted
: down with a large stone, were appar
ently murdered while asleep. One of
I the bodies was badly mutilated, the
j back of the head being entirely crusii-
I I d in. The head of the other bore evi
i dence of being struck with a blunt
j instrument anu was also crushed. A
, hole about four inches In diameter
, exposed tne brain of the dead man.
jThu bedies had been dragged about 20
I let t to Hh side f the river 'and
weighted down. The stone attached to
; the bc-dies wa3 fastened around each
! neck with a piece of balling wire. The
j boaies were partially clothed when
tiiscovered by Torn Carrigan, a state
I .. lue.-r. Thirty-five cents and a
trade check on "Dad's Piace," a Wiu
Kieiiiun cigar stand, was found In the
clothes of one of the dead men. One
cf the men wore a gold ring with a
rubv setting. The other had a plain
silver ring, with initials which the
officers were unahle to decipher. Both
men were about 19 years of age.
Men's heavy, wool Mackin
aws, in fancy colors, worth
$15.00
Sale Price $8.75
Men's Heavy Flannel Shirts,
O. D. gray, tan and blue.
Special .....$2.25
Cooper's Men's all wool
shirts and drawers.
Sale price $1.95
NOTE THESE PRICES: "
Men's Heavy Rcpe Woven j Special Men's Wool Mixed
Wool Sweaters, in tan and pleece Lined Drawers.
Be the early bird. Get your Fourth
Lioerty Loan Bond now at the Miners
and Merchants Bank. &'.&
ALLIED LEADER
IN THE FAR EAST
v r .1 a i n fr
gray, worm jiu.uu.
Sale price J...! $4.95
Men's High Grade,' Heavy
Ribbed Glove Fitting Union
Suits. Worth $2.50.
Sale price $1.65
Best English Corduroy Pants
Worth $7.00.
Sale price $3.75
Sale price .75c
Athens Wool Ribbed Union
Suits. Worth $6.00.
Sale price .....$3.45
Iron Clad Whip Cord Pants.
Worth $4.00.
Sale price $2.25
LAVA SOAF 7 BARS FOR 25c, WFTH EVERY $2 PURCHASE, OR MORE
Men's Arm Bands, all col
ors, worth 1 0c.
Sal
e price .......oc
Men's Standard make Gar
ters. Worth 25c.
Sale price 15c
Men's Gray Chambry Work
Shirts. Worth $1.25.
Sal
e price
.75c
THE ABOVE MENTIONED ARE MERELY A FEW OF THE MANY VALUES
WHICH YOU WILL FIND IN THIS STORE
w'fja: . - .-j ' v ..'" .
& r - 1
: " . -)
W 4
' - 4 v'V- I
Mrr Buibank Takes Tahlac
and Now Weigh 127
. Pounds
One of the most noteworthy fea
tures, and one that stands out more
prominently than any other perhaps,
in connection with Tanlac is the very
lar-'e number of men and women who
have reported an astonishing rapid in
crease in weight as a result of its
USi.
One cf the latest to testify to the
reinaikab'e reconstructive powers 01
the medicine is Mrs. Anna Burbank.
who resides atS2S2 Second avenue.
West, Seattle, Wash. Mrs. Burbanu
came in the Bartell Drug store in
company with her husband recently
and male the following statement,
stating that she had actually gained
thirty-two pounds.
"I can't say," stated Mrs. Burbank
in describing her case, "that I had any
special ailment, but for the last four
years I have been gradually losing
weight and strength, and going down
hill. My appetite was so poor, that I
never cared for anything to eat. I
was dreadfully constipated, and suf
fered a great deal with headaches and
pains in my back. I was completely
rundown and tired out all the time,
and hardly had energy enough to drag
myself around. Nothing did me any
good, and I fell off in weight until I
was hardly more than a frame.
"When I began taking Taniac. I
weighed only ninety-five pounds. I had
been reading so much how others ha.
been benefited, and were gaining in
weight by taking Tanlac, that I made
up my mind to see what it would do
for me and the results have been far
more thrni I ever expected. I now
weigh 127 pounds having actually
gained thirty-two pounds in a little
more than a month and am still gain
ing. I am always ready for my meals
now with a fine appetite, and have
gotten rid ot all the headaches and
pains in my back, and my tired worn
out feelines are gone, too. I get up
in the mornings now feeling thorough
ly rested and strong, and full of lire
and energy. I can recommend Tanlac
to anyone in a run-down condition, tot
it certainly has built me up wonder
fully." Tanlac Is sold in Bisbee by J. M.
Ball, iu Douglas by Douglas Drug com
pany, in Paradise by G. A. Walker, ia
Bowie by Bowie Drug company. In San
Simon by J. B. Cooke, In Willcox by
A. A. Nicholson, in Lowell by Lowell
Drug company, in Benson by C. F
Moss Pharmacy, in Gleeson by B. A.
Taylor, and in Warren by Warrsa
Drug company.
DAGO JOE
jrj Champion middlewdgbt
of the Pacific Coast
Vs.
The Greek
Demon
Geo. Constan
POSTPONED
Until Further Notice.
ArlwiKJcmv RINGSIDE, $1.50
Admission, general, $1.00
Ladies Are Especially Invited
J. D. HENSLEY, Promoter
Phoenix. The republican state tick
et has been completed by the noniiu
tion for secretary of state of Harry
Kay of Phoenix, a priminent cattleman
.nd real estate dealer.
Registered Bonds .
Third Liberty Loan Are
Now Ready for
Delivery
HENNESSY
Undertaking Parlors
PHONE 15.
O K ST.
L. J. OVERLOOK, BROKER
Correspondents: Paine, Weber & Co., Boston, Duluth, Calumet.
LOGAN A BRYAN, NEW YORK AND CHICAGO
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK
.1
uolicieim Mill
BUY MORE LIBERTY BONDS. (Main St., Lowell)
Si
n ;
I
D. PHILLIFS, Sales Manager
d'eni'ral Semanoff.
General Semenoff. fammn Cosark
leader, is at the head of the allied
rmies in biuna nnl .Mancnuria
operating ngainst t!ie Bulsheviki.
The allies forced tleneral Ilorvath to
resipn when it was learned that he
favored the restoration of, the
monarchy in Russia,
r
6
Buy Your
usiness Stationery
In Bulk
U riy pay extra money for fancy
boxes and wrappings? Get it with
out the frills, cut to any size you
wish, made up into packages, pads
or tablets to suit your needs.
We have a very good grade ot
TYPEWRITER PAPER which
we are selling at $1.35 per ream
(82x11 inches)
Also a good assortment of
Envelopesall sizes
Ruled Index Cards
Mailing Tubes assorted
Carbon Paper
Blotting Paper, Etc
Review Job Printing
Phone 39
Department
Upstairs
1
J SIX
THE EISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 6 1918.
j WltS II HSlli iMli(0)M I j
4
I
ii
I
We come to another big tasK. This time we need not call for helpers.
The volunteer worKers stream in myriad hosts qilong the main highway
leading to victory and vindication.
All patriots, by confession.
The grumblers are awed into silence. If the taint of disloyalty re
mains anywhere it is hidden as a shameful secret. The heads are wagging
and we hear many bold assurances:
Til do all I can."
Til go as far as the next fellow" ; :
Til' taKe all I can afford to taKe."
We are speaKing, of course, of the Fourth Liberty Loan and the will
ingness of the war-bacKers to subscribe.
This time we do not explain a Liberty Loan and how it worKs, or
why we battle with Germany or that a war costs money. It will just about
require a search-warrant to find a man who does not say that he will taKe
all of the bonds he can "afford" to taKe.
But, O my countrymen, we need night schools and correspondence
schools, private tutors and Chautauquas and special information bureaus to
enlighten Mr. A. and Mr. B. and Mr. C. as to the real meaning of the word "afford."
Are you penciling around to find out how much money you can set
asid without the slightest inconvenience to any of your pet private projects?
Are you trying to decide how many bonds you will have to taKe
in order to escape the charge of being a slacKer?;
Are you' getting ready to answer in hundreds a country that has
endowed you with thousands?
As you squint your eyes and try to decide upon the sum which
will fairly represent your individual quota, are you acting as attorney for
the United States of America or have you gone in for technicalities in
order to protect special interests?
In reasoning with your conscience, are you trying to be generous
or trying to play safe?
It is up to you. ;
The bucK cannot be passed.
It is for each man to decide whether he is going to be a thorough
bred or a squeezer of 50-cent pieces.
For the saKe of your own self-respect, come through to the limit
If you live to be a thousand years old you never will have another
chance to start your iron dollars upon such a noble mission.
Do you wish to deepen the wrinKles upon the brows in Potsdam?
Would you fortify the courage of every soldier in France?
Shall we set in such a stacK that the Kaiser can't see over the top of it?
All right! You are appointed a Special Agent.
Don't wait for a committee to hunt you up or run you down.
Hurry to the banK and breaK through the line and order so many
Liberty Bonds that the man inside will be dazed and all of the neighbors
surprised and all of your relatives proud.
Buy Liberty Bonds - Wholesale, Riot Eetail
This Space Contributed to Winning the War by
lisbe'e Transfer, Storage & loal lo.
2l
Vjw4 III
. M. Ball.
ogan.
Welbourn & Dodds. THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 6, 1918.
SEVEN
WAN NEITHER LICK NOR
LODGE NOTICES
Cards of every fraternal order in the Warren District; giving the essential
facts of each, their meeting nights, their officers and the place of gather
lng will be found under their respective headings in these columns.
DAILY REVIEW WAN! ADS
Advertisements under this head at the rate of 1 cent per word each issue, -with a minim... charge of 25 cents.
Advertisements must reach The Review office not later than 8 p. m. for insertion in next morning's paper.'
OUTR UN AMERICANS, SA YS
CROWN PRINCE TO "PAPA
ff
1
Male Help Wanted
WANTED A pipe fitter at Tovrea's
slaughter house. One that under
stands amonia work. E. A. Tovrea
& Co. 92s
WANTED A steady boy.
City Dye Works.
Apply at
895
WANTED Laborers. Government
works at Norfolk, Va. White, color
ed and Mevicans for U. S. housing
corporation. .Good board and work
ing conditions. Ship Monday, trans
portation free. No miners will be
accepted. For information see O. S.
French, or G. J. Wilbert, Bisbee. 834
. , i
WANTED Handy man who can do
some blacksmith work and keep
iurui utensils in shape, good wages, j
i. .ren ranch. 841
V. -iXTED Bell boy, Copper
.told.
Queen
6S1
. Female Hejp Wanted
WANTED A waitress, girl or woman.
Apply French Kitchen. 876
WANTED Girl for general house
work, half day, small family. Phone
Red 75S. 922
WANTED A laundress. Phone Black
475. 845
Positions Wanted
WANTED Toung refined woman
wants work in bisbee as house
keeper, small family Only best of
references. Review, M. C. I. 891
WANTED Middle aged man would
like a room in private place, where
he could feel at home. Must be
reasonable. Address Stranger J. F.,
Review. 851
For Sale
FOR SALE Nine room nouse, com
pletely furnished. Terms it desired.
Mason hill. Address Box 11S9, City.
1 763
FOR , SALE Two Brunswick-lilake-Collender
bowling alleys, latest im
provements, pin setters, etc. Bruce
Perley, Copper Queen hotel, Bisbee,
Arizona. 89y
FOR SALE Good building lots, five
minntes walk from Denn mine. Mrs.
Winwood, Winwood . addition, $50
and up. 849
FOR SALE 'Ford roaGster. iiust be
sold at once. Loweli Motor com
pany. 871
FOR SALE Seven room dwelling in
Jiggerville. See Bruce Perley, Cop
per Queen hotel. 8S7
FOR SALE Pair full blooded aire
dale dogs, cheap, five months old.
TjHiggins hill. Phone Bktck 702.
i; 892
FOR SALE Furniture of twenty
four rooms, twelve sleeping rooms,
twelve light housekeeping rooms.
Cheap if taken at once. Address
Bisbee P. O. Box 1S96. 873
FOR SALE Bed, dresser- and
rocking chairs. Phone 464.
two
888
TOR SALE Fresh, ripe tomatoes for
canning. Delivered to any part of
Warren district, five cents per
pound. Mail orders will receive
prompt attention.
Bisbee or Naco.
Chase L. Purdy,
760
FQR SALE Modern house close in. A
bargain. Room two. Lyric bldg. 844
FOR SALE New 303 Savage rifio, 300
shells. J. E. Steel, 49 O. K. street.
83S j
FOR SALE Five room furnished
house. Tombstone canyon, not on
hill, $500 cash, balance monthly pay
ments. Apply to M. C. High. 797
FOR SALE Two work horses. Bisbee
Improvement company. ' 772
FOR SALE Second
Broadway rooms.
hand
range.
, 763
FOR SALE One four room house,
part down, balance easy payments.
Harry Robinson, 65-A Brewery ave
nue. 867
FOR SALE
a venue.
-C'rescenL hotel. Brewery
8."2
Money to Loan
SMALL quick loans on your personal
note) to saianeu men ana women, al
so on lurniture. ucx ixan Co. Koom
2, Lyric theatre building. lbb
PETEY DINK War Is No
f& St) hrT ) ter A s
I ',-1p J V IRA. Hfttx. J 1 GOT (T "S cut-Ths WOU'J v,!S3i 1
I iBoY, j V 11!A 7 ouKikjc Tas;WicuT I
;1 ".Vi hHSD i'm W A x r K j
W&g'- (mt . 4W J
For Rent
FOR RENT Store room at the
, Hughes block. 927
FOR RENT Furnished apartlnehts
with bath. No children. Across
from Lincoln gchool. 926
FOR RENT Furnished sleeping room
! in adobe house, opposite City park.
Heated with gas. 50-A brewery
avenue. 900
I : :
IFOR RENT three furnished rooms
! for housekeeoine. close in. Inauire
! 110 Opera Drive, opposite Central
. school. 872
FOR RENT Two large rooms fur
nished for housekeeping. Oregon
Rooms, 19 O. K. street. 890
i FOR RENT Two rooms furnished for
housekeeping. 153 Temby avenue,
Balgay house. 894
iFOI RENT Two furnished rooms for
! housekeeping. Lights and Water
furnished. 93-C Youngblood
hill
8
FOR RENT New three room furnish-
j ed house. Mrs. Winwood, Winwood
I addition. 874
FOR RENT Furnished rooms for
light housekeeping, across from the
Lowell depot, 56 Upper Lowell. 866
FOR RENT Rooms, Hotel Letson
i Main street. Fhone 559. Centrally
located, clean, airy, newly renovated
rooms. Running water. Reason
able rates to permanent guests. 82C
j FOR RENT Dead storage for cars for
the term of the war, reasonable.
Brooks Apartments. Phone Black
730. ' 800
FOR RENT Batching cabin for two,
also nice, clean, well ventilated,
sleeping room. 49 O. K. street. 316
FOR RENT Five room aouse. 206-B
Opera Drive, Close in, above lum
. ber yard. . 818
IFOR RENT Nice clean rooms. Ar:
i ington rooming house. Prices rea-
i sanable. Opposite City park. 770
FOR RENT Nicely ;furnisbd front
room, separate entrance, suitable for
gentleman or two school teachers.
Apply first house north of Brooks
Apartments, O. K. street. dh-tf
FOR RENT Adult desirnig 4hree
room furnished apartment for one
month with possibility $t renting
indefinitely. Pnone alack G81. 73i
FOR RENT oarage
Phone Black 475.
in Wiirren.
422
FOR RENT Two rooms furnished
for housekeeping, no children. 26
Montana street, Johnson addition.
251
Miscellaneous
HAVE SEVERAL AUTOMOBILES
Taken in trade. Will geli cheap,
terms to responsible parties. If you
have a good car to sell see me. W.
L. Smart, the Chevrolet man. 921
MATERNITY HOME Homelike ana
pleasant, professional nurSe". Mason
hill. Phone Black 537. Mrs. JCah
ler. " 905
NEW PROCESS LAUNDRY Just op
ened at 215 Opera Drive, having the
Big Giant washer. Washes silks,
lace curtains, flanels, blankets with
out wear or tear. -Expert ironers,
can iron anything first class, dry
cleaning and pressing done, gent's,
and lady's clothes. Patronize us and
get the best. Proprietors, Mrs.
Hayes, Mrs. Lundgreen. 76S
j A itl 1 j TO TC. Al. c. a. ecnooi, IA
I Augeies," aooui Auto, naaio, (join
j iut-ici.il ana engineering course
j irain ior service. 4t-
!GOSSARD CORSETS FOR SALE $2
up. All corsets carefully fitted.
Ines Warburton, over Independent
Feed store, upper Main street. 349
MRS. BOYLE Clarivoyant, card
reading. Hours 10 a. m. to 2:30 p. m.
17 Montana street, first street back
of Lowell bakery. 312
MARTIN'S MINERAL BATHS AND
.MASSAGE SPECIALIST For rheu
matism, lumbago, plurisy, head
aches, nervousness, maniputations
and curviture of spine treated scien
tifically. Office third floor ., Maze
building. Open 9 a. in. to 9 p. m.
Nurse in attendance. 705
Place for a Subway Guard
Wanted
WANTED To buy, second hand furni
ture at once. Up to noon phone 103.
j 930
WANTED Four men to room and
board. Mrs. B. F. Wootten, Cochise,
l or Box 3446, Lowell. 901
WANTED To buy, six or seven room
house In arren. Apply 1. L. Cagle
Mason hotel, after 4 o'clock. 923
WANTED House, four rooms or more
unfurnished, Bisbee or Warren. Ad
dress, "G.," care Review. tf-dh
Lost
LOST About a month ago, a blue
wool jersey Jacket, white collar and
cuffs. Phone Blue 665 or Review
Reward. 889
LOST Red leather book containing
two passports and registration card
Return to Review. 848
mmm
R.Sit.pntNSw'se
w&iud (nut uhfl?
Jim
Unfurnished House of 4
rooms or more. Give par
ticulars, as to conveni
ences and location. Ad
dress N. E. Greer, box 608
or care Review.
k5
3
BISBEE TRANSFER,
STORAGE & COAL CO.
Warehouse & Office Opposite Depot
PHONES 640 and 50.
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Solicits Your
Patronage
PHONE 58
CATARRH
cr twe
2LADDER
Hours
Pis
mm
fwJ-OVJ r IH
The comic side of life is seen by the,
i American solditr in France amid the
smoke of battle, a letter received in 'to tell you vat aa olfel thing he said
Bisbee from "somewhere in Frence" but 1 can't help it: he said, "To Hell
by a Yank, states that the writer mit der Kaiser!" Did you ever hear
picked up a missive from the crownjany thing so offel? I didnt think any
Drlnce 10 his father, the German em- body would say such a offel thing. It
peror in which the c. p. bemoaned the, mekes me so mad. I couldn't standi
fact that he was unable to outrun the: and hear such a ot'fel thing so I turned:
Americans. Here is what the crown1 round and run mit der odder boys.j
prince Is represented as having writ-! Was 1 right? And, oh, l'apa. you know
ton u-hilo ho u.-n rpRtlnp- a feu nirw!ri,m hrpaflt nlates vnt vim sent us
ments on his dash toward home:
"Dear Papa I am writing on dei,
run, as der brave and glorious soldiers!
under my command have not seen der j
Rhine for so long dat they have start-
ed back dat vay and of course 1 am
going mit dem. Oil, Papa, dere has
been seme olfel doings happened here
in France. First, 1 started in- my big
offensive, which was to crush de fool,
American, but dey know so very little!
about military tactics dat dey vill not'
becrusned just use i vane em. i sent
my men in der fight in big waves, and
ven dey. got to de Americans dey all!
said 'Boo' as loud as they could holler.
Veil, according to vat you half always
told me, de Americans half turned and! of dot? Cant you send detn some ot
run like blazes. But vot do you tink? your speeches right away? Dey don't
Dem fool Americans don't know any know how terrible ve are. Can't you
thing about war. Instead of running de move my army back to Belgium vere
odder vay, dey come right back toward ve von our glory? My men can vip
us. Some of dem vas singing some all der vimmen and children vot dem
thing about 'Ve Vont Come Back Till I-elgians can bring us. But dese Amer
It's Over, Over Dere, or some oder icans are so rough and ignorant.. Ve
foolish song, and same of them ver can't make dem understand dot ve are
laffing like fools. Dey are so ignorant, de greatest soldiers on earth, and ven
I:ut dey are offel reckless mit der ve try to sing 'Deutschland I'eber
guns, and ven dey come toward us it Alles.' dey laugh like a lot of monkeys.
va3 dat my men took a notion dat But ve are getting de best of the
they wanted to go back to de dear old Americans. We can outrun dem. Papa,
Rhine. Ve don't like de little dirty if ve are not de best fighters on earth,
Marne river, anyhow. And, oh. Papa, ve are sure de best runners. Nobody
dem Americans can use such offel lan- can kep up mit us ven ve think of der
guage. Dey know notting of Kultur, dear old Rhine, and my army never
and say such offel dings right before did tink so much of dot dear old river,
us. Let me know right away vot to do, by
"And dey talk blasphemy, too. Vot return post office,
you tink dey said, right in front of my "CROWN PRINCE WILLIE."
BARBED WIRE FLAYS
TRICKS UPON MEN
ACTINUEHTRIES
RATS AND ALL OTHER SMALL
THINGS MAKE THIS NEUTRAL
AREA BETWEEN LINES THEIR
RUNWAY, OFTEN STARTING
RIFLE FIRE IN NIGHT
WITH THE . AMERICAN ARMIES'
i
IN UtANCE, (Correspondence of the'
Associated Press) Barbed wire which1
protects the trenches plays odd tricks
on the soldier senlVies. I
The ground under the wire becomes
a runway for all small things of the,
night. Rats make trapezes out of the'
tout stands", weazels follow them and ;
the fight which ensues may set danc-!
ing all the empty jam tins strung I
along the wire as alarms so that sen
tries ot-r a long stretch of front will
fire repeatedly Into the night, bring
ing the guards to their posts and
awakening soldiers over a wide area.
At night the wire takes on a ghastly!
aspect. The cool, dews settle on the
picket posts and the wires contract,
straining with litle rustling and creep
ing noises or chafing and chattering
like a living thing. The muffled sen
tries prick their tars to listen and peer
anxiously through the darkness, now,
and then discharging a shot in the
black night, for it is sometimes diffi-1
cult to tell whether the noise is that
of the wire or that of enemy Meddlers i
in no man's land, secretly cutting at
pat'.i through the defenses. . j
When the barbed wire is new and
freshly erected, and secured to its
stout scaffoldings and stakes It looks
like some carefully planned work of;
engineering, the skeleton perhaps ofl
some concrete rampart or breakwater.'
Time weathers it at first to an ugly
thing of red rust and sullen neutral
tints, but later it may blossom in
amazing beauty at the rich weeds and
undtrgrowth climb through its meshes,
I leaving corn-llowers and blazing pop-y-iei
to cloak its ugliness.
The wire has a voice of its own.
: It sings and drones in the wind, car
rying back the memories of ilie men
j who sit behind it to the dusty roads
'of Connecticut and Miscuri or Alabama
where the tall telegraph, poles sing
a similar song and lazy insects re-echo
the chorus.
face? One big husky from a place dey
call Arizona, he said oh. Papa, I hate
can you send some more to put on
our backs? You know we are going
de odder vay now, and breast plates
are no good, for de cowardly Ameri- ,
cans are shooting us right in de back..
Some of our boys took off der breast
plates and put aem Denmu, out ae
tool Americans are piaymg uer atari
Spangled Banner' mit machine gunsi
on dem plates.
"Cant you help us? You remembet
in your speech you said nothing could
stanu ueiure u "'i
diers? Oh, Papa, I don t believe dese
ignorant Americans ever read your
speech, for dey run after us just like
ve vas a lot of rabbits. ot you think
KILLED BY ROBBERS
(By Review fceased Win-) -LONDON,
Oct. 4 Alexander J.
Guchkoff, former Russian minister of
war and leader of the Octoberist party,
has been murdered by robbers. This
information was received today by the
Central News, in a dispatch from Am
sterdam, quoting Moscow advices.
Alexander J. Guchkoff was minister"
of war and. marine in the first revolu- j
tionary cabinet and speaker of the i
third duma.
HEADS FILM CLUB, !
UNIQUE IN IT. S. !
i Mis. Elmer G. Derr.
i
The Cleveland Cinema club whicl I
was founded and organized by Mrs.
Elmer G. Derr of Cleveland, Ohio, is
ifhe only 'cub of i kind in the coun
u if, nhiprt is to promote better
jfimg Bnd jt aims to introduce films
into j,e spools as part 0f the rou-
tine work It. has already donated a
card index of approved films to the j
;puhlic library and a motion picture j
section probably will be opened at i
.the main branch for the benefit of
jthe exchanjre men, exhibitors and the j
:pubhc. One of the best things it has I
"done is to choose the programs for !
the Dicture theater at Cleveland's
best amusement park.
. 'Vr r "s'v: - A
ANO IT WAS MECeSSAN To
MAIMTAIVJ AB40UJTE. blLEVJCe. J
I VCCC ,VJEu VAIER CCEEP1V4C- N - '
V ALOWG "RIGMT MEA.TMEIR. t-IWES
I rr, j wpfe vui-x duto whu i ii x
I x" j ( OE5 ToBE A SUCW WARD
i "v. r v . i mm
HOLE-7- Ej tf
BISBEE LODGE NO. 718.
L O. O. ivi.
aieeu eery tnaj
mgni, 3ioose Hun.
visiting tromers tor
dlally invueu.
It. 1. GLiiASU.N,
Dictator.
meets every
Thursday
evening at Odd
Fellows' Hall
gisBEE LODGE, NO. 10, I. O. O. F.
sai;way street, at 7: 30 o'clock. Visiting
brothels c.nl.ally invited to attend.
;Iali n;i;.,.e
: ,. x" pLUNKETT, N. G.
i.SSTER EUSTACE, Sec'y. i
PYTHIAN SISTERS
Lily Temple No. 3 meets every 2nd
r A fr H 4h Tnnd(i AVArltnV f f Alftl
onth at odd feu0W8 jiai). Viaiting
sisters are cordially inv..eu.
Mjj;jjE BLUM, M. E. C
phone Black 85L
m, ,U.,E M o R. C
Box 1475
AMERICAN MECHANICS
Meets in I. O- O. F.
Hall First and Third
Saturdays. Visiting
brothers welcome.
S. f. BENTON. Councillor.
F. M. WILLIAMS, Rec. Secy.
BROTHERHOOD OF AMERICA
YEOMAN
Richard I, Homestead 895. meet sec
ond and fourth Tuesdays at Medigo
vieh hall. Visiting Archers are cor
dially invited.
MRS. C. C. FLNLAYSON.
Foreman, P. O. Box 152G.
E. D. STINSON,
Correspondent, Box 1496.
COLLINS &
BRETHERTON
We Specialize In
JEROME
AND
OATMAN
STOCKS
Jack BIdg., Main Street
Phone 23 Box 1129
C. H. HOGAR
Office Below
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
Phone 121
REAL ESTATE
RENTALS
FIRE INSURANCE
NOTARY
Phone 121
Office Below
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
C E HOGAN
THE REVIEW
Job Department
will furnish you an estimate
on that job on short notice
AMD ME,
Hollers out
L. sVajaTCK
1 "N
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS
Rathboce Lodge No. H
Knight3 of Pythias,
me-its each Tuesday
(except second) in Odd
Fellows' Hall at 7:30
p. ni. Visiting brothers
cordlaily invited.
H. E. WOOTON. C. C
W. E. McCALLUM, K. of R. S.
LODGE NO. 71
Regular meeting first an.I third Fr".
day of eacli month. Visiting brother
cordially invited to attend.
JS- ALLISON. Esalted Ruler.
R. J. KELLY, Secretary.
WOOOMEN OF THE WORLD.
- Lowol! Camp No. 4t will
meet every 2nd and
4th Tuesday at 7:3')
7:30, Finish Hall.
D. C. SAXBY, C. C.
V. B. THOMAS, Clerk.
All Woudmea invited.
OaDES OP EASTERN STAR
meets In Masonic Hall
Pearl Chapter, No. 6, meets
in Masonic Hall seoond and
fourth Tuesday of each
month at 7:30 p. m.
MRS. EMMA WOODS, W. M.
Phone 161, Box 43, Eisbee
MRS. JESSIE BEVAN. Seo'y, P. O.
Box 22S9. Chairman Relief Com..
Phone 16L
FRATERNAL ORDER OF EAGLES
Bisbee Aerie, No. 175. F. O. E., meets
first and third TUESDAYS. S p. m.
Eagler Hall. Visitors cordially wel
come. J. F. WfLMOTH. Presdeut.
F. C. FKNDL'RSON. Secretary.
C. L. ED.MUNDbON. Aerie Physician.
FRATERNAL
BROTHERHOOD
t. f. a.
2 faf-J f
Bisbee Lodge No.
m jiV i meets the 1st
0- r:'XK and 3rd Mondays
of eattl month at
7:30 at Medino
"Ojr Tlch Hal! Vl3;t.
ing msmbis cordially iavited.
B. F. MOSS, President.
MRS. C. E. FINOTTI, Treasurer.
Box 722. Tel. 23G, Ri.
HONOUA MUNCH, Secretary.
Box 1C21.
MODERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA
Pij'jee Camp No. 13415.
Ueets lt Saturday
iljdigovith IU!I.
X L. MOTZ. CoasuL
A.- F. MATIIEWSON.
Clrk.
WEEK ENDING SEPT. 23. lilS
Monoty 2nd Degree.
Tuesday
WednesJay
Thursday Blue r.eg.
Frl. lav
Saturday Royal Arch.
Y. W. GIDLEY. W M.
B. T. W ATKINS. Sec'y. F. Si A. M.
J. W. TOLAND. E. H. if.
C. F. riULBKOOK. T. I. M.
F. E. BENNETT. E. C.
F. S. DAVENPORT. Secretary Chap
ter and Commandery.
W. R. BANKS, Secretary Council.
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
DREADN AUGHT
U O. L. NO. 210.
meets In t. O.
O. F. Hall first
and third
MONDAY at
7::;o p. m.
Visiting broth
ers cordially
invited to at-
m tend.
VYM. T. P-VlliiAN. W. M.
ROUEUT FERGUS. Socretary
P. O. Cox 426. Bisbee.
By C A. VOIGHT
I-
K-il"'
0 M
J .. . i 3 r
Captor of Jerusalem Keeps
Pace With Western Leaders
General Allenby, Head of the British Forces in Palestine,
Matches Allied Advances in Europe With One Against the
Turks As Effective, if Not As Spectacular
(From the Baltimore Evening Sun.)
The British general who drove the
Turks from Jerusalem, not to be out
done by his fellow penerals of the
western front, recently has made an
other substantial advance in Palestine,
driving the Teutonized Moslems be
fore him and taking thousands of them
pr5 toners.
It was shortly before last Christmas
that Jerusalem capitulated to General
Allenby's forces.
Ce:it;iries had passed" since a con
queror had entered the Holy City. Nev
er one had done so except with all the
pomp and pride of a conqueror. Brit
ain's" victorious but reverent knight
wf-nt in on foot, with not a ruined
church, nor a desecrated shrine to ac
cuse him.
Not a Destroye1".
A few weeks before word came that
Allenby was making his task of cap
turing Jerusalem the harder because
he refused to fire on the sacred
shriaes of even the Mohammedans.
And this when the guns and bombs of
the modern Attila were destroying,
out of pure wantonness, many beauti
ful temples of God in Italy, France and
even England.
Later from Allenby came a beautiful
and inspiring Christmas greeting from
the "British troops in Eethlehnin."
birthplace of the Christ, at last in
Christian hands, to their "American
comrades" undo Pershing iu France.
Sr Edmund Allenby was born a
commoner in 1861 and has risen to his
' rscswt high rank and baronetcy by1
hfir.1 fighting anJ ability. He was in
thf- thick nf the righting in France
from the beginning of the war until
July, 1917, when he was transferred
to the command of the British forces
in Palestine. Previous to that time he
had been, a lieutenant general in com
mand of one of the armies that were
hammering away at 'the Hindenbnrg
line.
promotion His Reward.
Shortly before he was sent east he
was created a baronet and promoted to
a full generalship
!t was G-er.era.1 Allenby who com
manded tl.e p.r'.-ish cava'.ry is the ter
rible retreat from Mons, anT whose
admirable handling of the cavalrj
probably saved the Infantry from be
ing overwhelmed by Von Kluck's five
fast moving army corps. For his serv
ices at Mons, General Allenby was
created s Knight Commander of the
Bath and was awarded the grand cross
of the Legion of Honor.
General Allenby joined the Innls
killer dragoons as a young man and
was a cavalryman until the command
of an army was given him. He saw
hard service in Bechuanaland in 1SS4
and 1S85. fought in Zululand in 1888
and was all through the Boer war.
where he won many honors. He was
in command of the Royal Irish Lan
cers from 1902 to 1905, and then of
the Fourth cavalry brigade until 1910.
In November, 1914, he was made a
major general and put in command of
a division and the next year became
a lieutenant general.
UNITY OF INTEREST
AID TO PRODUCTION
Tucscn Citizen: Every producing
copper company in the state maintains
a safety first organization and much
interest has been centered in improv
ing any and all conditions which af
fect the safety of their men. All em
ployes who desire it are given thor
oueh training in first aid work, and
ell men are encouraged to become in
terested. 'Past experience among min
ing men has demonstrated the Im
portance of having men know how to
protect themselves and at the same
time how to rescue their fellow work
ers. Many of the companies maintain
central stations, where all apparatus
for mine rescue work is kept in readi
ness for immediate action.
Unity in Interests.
Never before in Arizona has there
been more unity between employer
and employe. The flannel-mouth
orator and the soap box agitator have
had their day in this state. The
working man of today in Arizona is
a loyal American working hand in
hand with his employer. Where
there was doubt in the past there is
now confidence. The working man
has found by bitter experience that
the agitator has been a menace to h
own interests, to his government, and
an undesirable citizen wherever be
has shewn hU presence.
Today the workingman in Arizona
Is getting a high wage for his labor.
His employer has provided him with
every comfort for his mental and
physical wellbeing. He is becoming
a part of the community in which he
lives. Industrial peace means as
much to him as it does to the operator.
The elimination of the I. W. W. and
the malcontent has brought this about
and the evil element has been rele
gated to the chamber of horrors. Cap
ital and labor are now working to
gether for their mutual interests, and
both are being amply rewarded.
We are now selling Fourth Liberty
Loan Bonds over our counter. Go
ing like hot cakes. Get yours yet?
Miners and- Merchants Bank. 89S
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
What You Should Pay
In Local Market for Food
Administrator's Weekly Report on Fair Price In Piabee, Lowell, Warren and
Naco, for Week Ending October 12, 1918.
Commodity: Retaiier Pays Consumer Should Pay
Low High Low High
Price Price Price Price
Wheat flour, per 1-16 bbl. bag
(12 y lbs.) -76 $ .79 $ .85 S .85
Wheat flour (bulk) per lb 06 .06 -07'A .07
Earley flour, per 1-16 bbl. bag
(12 lbs.) 90 .93 1.00 1.10
Barley flour, (bulk) per lb .07 .07 .09 .09
Rve flour, per 1-8 bbl. bag (24 lbs.) .... 1.60 1.62 1.70 1.S0
Rve flour, (bulk) per lb. 06 .06 .07 .07
Rice flour, (bulk) per lb .10 .10 .11 .12
Cornmeal. (bulk) per lb .06 .06 .07 .08
Corn flour, per lb .07 .07 .08 .08
Victory Bread (price per loaf) 16 or. .10 .10 .12 .12
Victory bread, 16 oz. .. .10 .10 .13 .13
Oatmeal or Rolled Oats, (package)
per lb. .09 .09 -12 .12
Rice, unbroken, standard quality,
per lb - .12 .12 .15 - .17
Hominy or Hominy Grits, per lb 12 .12 .14 -.16
Sugar, granulated, (bulk) per lb 10 .10 .11 , .11
Beans, (pink) per lb 10 .10 .12 .12
Beans, (navy) per lb 15 .15 .20 .20
Beans, (lima) per lb 16 .16 .20 .20
Potatoes (white or IriBh) per lb '.. .03 .03 .04 .05
Onions, per lb 03 .03 .04 .OF.
Raisins, (seeded) per 16 oz. pkg 10 .11 .15 .16
Prunes, (60-70s). per lb 10 .10 .14 .15
Canned Tomatoes, (standard grade)
' per 20 oz. (No. 2) can ... .03 , .09 .12 .12
Canned Tomatoes, (standard grade) . , 1 . . :
per (No. 2) can . .11 .13 " .14 .17
Canned Corn (standard grade) per . .
20 oz. (No. 2) can 12 .15 .15 ::17
Canned Peas (standard grade) per
20 oz. (No. 2) can 12 .15 .15 .17
Canned Salmon (tall pink Alaska)
per 16 oz. (No. 1) can 14 .14 .17 ' .20
Canned Salmon, (tall red Alaska)
per 16 oz. (No. 1) can .. .25 .27 .30 .35
Evaporated Milk (unsweetened)
per 6 oz. can . .05 .06 .06 .07
per 16 oz. can 13 .14 ' .15 .16
per 16 oz. can .11 .12 .14 .15
Butter, per lb 60 .65 .65 .72
Eggs (fresh ranch) per doz 65 .73 .70 .80
Cheese, (New York or local) per lb 34 .35 .40 .40
Lard, (pure Leaf) bulk, per lb. ..30 .31 .32 .34
Lard, (pure Leaf in tins) per 3-lb. pall .80 .85 .95 .95
Lard, (pure Leaf in tins) per 5-lb. pail 1.S4 1.49 1.55 1.65
Lard Substitute, (bulk) per lb 26 .27 .29 .30
Bacon, (sliced) fancy grade per lb 50 .52 .70 70
Ham. (smoked, sliced) fancy grade
per lb 34 .35. .50 .50
Round Steak, per lb 27 .28 .30 .35
Hens, (dressed, not drawn) per lb 33 .34 .38 .39
Fish, per lb 18 .13 .25 .25
J B. ANGICS, P. M. El'CKWALTER, E. G. RUFFNER,
SAM VERRAN, R. J. HART, E. C CAMPBELL,
Price Interpreting Bosrd.
w. s. s.
Every man, woman and
child should buy war savings
stamps and keep buying
them. Save regularly and
watch your savings grow.
UNITED STATES FOOD ADMINISTRATION LICENSE NO. G-13942
:
w. s. s.
Each stamp bought is a
loan to the U. S. government
and a direct help to every
soldier and sailor risking his
life in this war for you.
Women Will Admire These Stunning New Styles
THE READY-TO-WEAR DEPARTMENT was never so complete as now in all the latest and
most up-to-date models. No garments find a place in our selections that do not bear the
mark of fashions approval in every line. Our Coats, Suits, Waists, Dresses and Skirts can be
accepted by the most ardent lovers of. fashion with confidence that style and fabrics are correct.
Women's Suits l
ATTRACTIVE VELVET SUITS, plain
tailored, in all the rich dark shades, navy,
green, burgandy and black, $39.50 to $45.
WOOL POPLIN SUITS navy black and
burgundy, prettily trimmed in braid ?.nd
buttons $27.50, $29.50, $32.50
WOOL POPLIN SUITS plush and fur
trimmed at $40.00 to $45.00
BROADCLOTH SUITS trimmed with
braid and some with large shawl collars
G3&
"V ft-
Mo- ! b
VELVET COATS
These velvet coats are among the smartest
models for fall. Some are plain tailored,
others trimmed with furette, $20.00 and
$22.50.
of seal plush
.$49.
WOMEN'S
SKIRTS
Just the skirts wo
men are looking for
at this season of the
year. There are plen
ty of styles to select
from in the new fall
plaids and stripes,
also a big variety of
staple serges in nevy
and black, ranging in
price from $6.50 to
$15.00.
I MISSES SWEATEES
Here are good sweaters in a number of
styles and all sizes, knit of fine woolen
yarns, in all the wanted colors.
Priced $3.00 to $10.00
Glove Time is, Here
Our kid, silk and fabric gloves
are priced so moderately that you
should get your supply at once, for
the reason that the war situation is
almost certain to cause a furthei
increase in prices, and a further de
crease in the supply.
Winter Underwear
It is time now to think about
your winter underwear, the cool
days with their chilling evenings
will soon be upon us. Our knit
wear department is very complete,
with fall and winter weights, de
spite the fact the market is short of
all kinds of knit-wear. It will pay'
xrnn f-k -nm in anr spa rmr ctrirlf
and make your season's purchase, i
m V I mm
I ftp
Nov'.ha Ware i
BLOUSES
Crepe de chine waists in a variety of
pretty new fall modeU are here in
white and flesh, 34 to 46 $4.95
DRESS FORMS
We are closing out our Acme dress form, we wish the
floor space for other merchandise. They are adjustable
to any figure by just turning the wheels. Now is your
opportunity,
$16.50 for $13.50
$18.00 for .A $14.50
Women's Neckwear Fall Styles
CLOTH COATS
All new fall colors, handsomely trimmed
in plush $19.50
SERGE DRESSES
The Mandarin style straight lines, in
combination of satin and serge, hand
somely embroidered, in braids, silks and
satins, also combination satin and georg
ette trimmed, with fringes $19.50
NEW AND POPULAR SERGE AND
SATIN COMBINATION DRESSES.
Embroidered with beads and silk, with
wide sashes and belts. Priced $25.00 to
$75.00.
SHOES
The season has
brought out new
beauties in shoes.
There are stunning
effects, never be
fore thought of
color harmonies to
please the eye and
artistic lines to
make more charm
ing the choices',
frocks.
WINTER MILLINERY
i n
Included in our showing, you will find narrow and
) large collars, fichus, guimpes, vests, in such fabrics as
organdy, georgette, net and others in fact, everything
that is new.
" These hats are the re
flection of the season's
best styles, with many lit
tle refinements and inno
vations that make them
unusually attractive. You
will like to choose from
this large assortment, and
you'll also like our prices,
for they give you splendid '
values.
Costume Velvets
Very fine qualit)', one yard wide, the season's ideal
fabric for suits, coats and dresses. Actual value, $4.00.
Special $2.95
Bargain Booth Specials
Percales, dark colors, standard
quality. 36 inches wide, yd..x...35c j
JAPANESE CREPE, 29 INCHES WIDE
fast colors, in a large assortment of stripes,
yard 35c
CHALLIES 36 INCHES WIDE, a very soft
material, in floral paterns very desirable for
winter comforts, yard 35c
Bed Sheets
Sheets for double beds, made of regular
grade muslin, owing to the scarcity of sheets
this is a bargain at ,eac
Val Lace
A special lot of val lace to choose from, in
a great number of designs. Sold in dozen
yards only, special, doz 50c
In the Music Department
You are no doubt figuring on the coming winter's
evening amusement; and as a suggestion we would say
a phonograph would be one of the best, not only for
your own pleasure, but in entertaining your friends.
We have a large variety of Victor and Sonora ma
chines at prices to suit everyone, and the terms are ex
ceptionally liberal.
A big selection of records can be had here all the
time, including the latest.
. . .,. " -T-t-ya
-. ; J.-.-.i,..jm 4- -;
t . -.' r
Ml M. tt ' - "I T Tj J
the scarcity of sheets t, ? ' I i !'-ii
h ' I ! v i fe
mmm
Crepe de Chine
; 40 inch crepe de chine in all pure silk, a wonderful line
of shades to select from; the heavy quality, yd $1.69
Velour Velvets
This is a splendid quality in black, 36 inches wide,
worth $6.00 yard. Special, yd $4.53
Furniture Bargains
We wish to call your attention to the fact we have
everything in the furniture line that is necessary to
make a home, it will be to your advantage to call and
3ee us and get our terrtis, our low prices are due to cur
early purchasing of two carloads in the spring. Re
member, this is the home of the Hoosier Kitchen Cab
inet. Can be purchased $1.00 down and 1 .00 per
week.
Go-Carts, Sulkys and Carriages
Beautiful new assortment of these vehicles. You
can save money by purchasing now exceptional values
are offered tomorrow.
HEATERS
Our fall line of heaters are in. a big assortment to
select from. If you are in need of one see us at once,
while our prices are the lowest.
3
1