-05
IS PAGES
Three Sections
i
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service.
VOL 20. No. 282.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MAY 5, 1918.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
22
GERMANS DEGLAREI
FRENCH ASSAULTS
ON KEI'IMEL FAIL
Assert Losses of Attacking
Force Heavy; Sammies in
Raid Fenelrate to Third
Line Trenches.
BERLIN', (via London). May 4. The ';
rf!ii ial report from general headuar- i
ters tonight says: j
"French counter attacks a sain it !
Kemmel pnd Baill-euL failed under)
heavy losses."
BERLIN, (via London), May 4.
There was much artillery activity op i
the battle front In France, but, ,ic-1
cording to the official report from sen-!
oral headquarters today the situation j
was without change.
The statement says:
"The situation is unchanged on the ,
battle fronts. The artillery activity j
was spirited on various sectors
throughout the night. In the Kemmel
region and on both sides of the Avre '
it increased this morning to greater .
Intensity. j
"A British patrol attack southeast!
of Arras was repulsed. The artillery
activity revived before Verdun.
"Aft?r unsuccessful reconnoitering
thrusts by the enemy on the Lorrain
front, the fighting activity during the
forenoon was slight. At Parroy Wood
and west of Blamont the firing revived
during the afternoon but died down
again at nightfall.
' Aviator-. Active
"Yesterday we shot down 25 enemy
airplanes and two raptive baloons.
aeriarevtory "and' Ueulenan PuUer
hi "nd
"Finland has been cleared of enomr
units. German troops in cooperation
with Finnish battalions attacked the
enemy between Lakhtl and Tevasthns
in sn encircling movement and- In a
five days battle, in spite of a bitter
defense and desperate attempts to
break through we have overwhelming
ly defeated him. The Finnish force
cut off his retreat in a northerly di
rection. T-e enon-v Is c!od in on
very bide." and after the heaviest l
i.,vin anwn hi. arms u- I
tnnlr ft OOO Tirisnnprn Tlinnsfl nd of
vehicles and horses were captured."
BATTLE IN SOUTHWEST
VIENNA (via London), May 4 The
official report from Austrian' head
quarters today says:
"In the southwest livejy fighting
continues."
BRITISH TAKE PRISONERS
LONDON. May 4. The statement
issued this evening by the British war
office says:
"The enemy's bombardments this
morning south an dsouthwest of Vpres
was vigorously replied to by our own
and the French artillery. No attacks
developed.
"The lnfantry fighting during the
day was confined to local engagements
at different points. In successful minor
operations carried out by us last night
in the Hinges sector, we captured over
40 prisoners.
"A local attack attempted by the
enemy early this morning south of
oeon under cover of a heavy artillery
barrage was completely repulsed.
"In their operations early this morn
ing in the Locre sector, French troops
made progress and captured over SO
prisoners. British troops, acting on j
the right of our allies, also made
progress in the neighborhood of Met
eren. "On the remainder of the front there
is nothing of special interest to re
port." SAMMIES IN RAID
WITH THE1 AMERICAN ARMY INThe said
VD1VPP XT.- J ' .. TkA InBtoUJ
Press). American troops in the Lor-i
raine sector yesterday morning car-1
ried out a raid on the Cerman lines
fouth of Halloville. on a 600 yard
front. After an intense but brief ar
tillery preparation the infantry ac
companied by pioneers, went over the
top and penetrated the German posi-
(Continued on Tage 8lx
CUR TAIL COAST SER VICE
(By Review Leased Wire)
CHICAGO, May 4. One third of Ml
th passenger trains between Chicago
and the Pacific coast will be elimin
ated afttr June 1, according to word
received from Washington by railway
officials tonight. This step, ii wa
said, would save approximate! $1.- To Portland and junction points, by
000.000 a year and cut off 11,728.000 Northern Pacific.
miles of train haul. The cut In service would t.'ke t-ff
R. II. Aishton. general director rf . three thiough trains from Chicngo to
the western railroads and assistant to Los Angeles, two to San Francisco and
W. G. McAdoo. director of railroad, j three to Seattle and Portland. More
said that such a plan had been under i than forty local trains would lie tiis
consideration and has been worked pensed with also.
out. H: added that he had not been
officially informed that it was to be
put into effect on any certain dale
No Choice in Routes
Under the revolutionized plan cf
handling traffic, passengers would no
longer have a choice of routes. Tivf -
lice to the west coast and intennedi-Ithe
n !,r!
Bombing Cannon
Ftv Review Leased Wire)
PKIS, May 4 Deputy Charles
LRboueq returned to Paris from
the battle front last evening and
confirmed the report that one of
the German super - cannon had
been destroyed. He said:
"I was with the battery yester
day which fired the lucky shot.
The fog which had interferred
with observations during the last
few days had cleared, our fire
could be rectified and the targ-st
was hit.
I "One of these guns exploded
fiomis three weeks ago. Another
was hit ten days ago. It is im
possible to say yet if this latter
gun was the one destroyed yester
day. Photographs taken of the
gun positions have not yet been
developed.
"This success shows the great
skill of our gunners as the odds
against a direct hit are enormous.
It shows also the great courage
and etlurance of our men as they
remain night and day beside their
guns and suffer severs losses."
FEDERAL WITNESS
IN WOBBLY TRIAL
iHAS DISAPPEARED
(Br Review Leased Wire)
CHICAGO. May 4. Laying of the
foundation in the government's case
against 112 leaders of the Industrial
I Workers of the World, accused of vio-
completed today admission Uuo
records of statements covering
exp.end,tUre8 t0J. ""!if.ediU"8
the war.
Representatives of publishing con
cerns that contracted to print pact of
the literature prepared by I. W. W.
writers testified today that the volume
of business increased more than 100
per cent from early in the spring of
1917 to the following September when
j the government's nation-wide raid took
T, , ,
The prosecution saw in the line of
Questioning
an attempt by tne de
fense to place on the publishing firms
responsibility for the printing of any
maiter that may be held to be sedi
1 tioua, it was stated.
An attempt will be made to show
that the entire auti-war activities from
coast to coast were directed by the
general secretary-treasurer William D.
Haywood, .and his associates. Follow
ing circulation in the courtroom and
corriders today of leaflets calling a
mass meeting for defense funds May
19, the department of justice stated
that any attempt to criticise the gov
ernment would be vigorously dealt
with. A. H. Bird, said to be one of
the government's important witnesses,
because of his knowledge of I. W. W.
activities in the publishing line, dis
oo.H T& rfov. o o..,! nil eflWc I
"I'l"1 -"v " 6" '
to locate hinf have been unsuccessful.
SWEDES NEED FOOD
STOCKHOLM, May 4 The Swedish
government is striving to the utmost
to obtain food for the Swedish peo
ple "who literally are fighting against
starvation," F. W. Thorsen, minister
of finance, declared in a speech Friday
at Nystad. He outlined the agree-1
ment with the entente powers for the !
supply of foodstuffs and other vital
necessities against Swedish tonnage,
and complained that certain interested
pprties in Sweden were opposing the
Hgreemeiu inus increasing ine aini
culties of the government.
"The main thing Is to get bread, the
nrice is secondary consideration,"
MARINE CORPS LOSSS
WASHINGTON, May 4 A marine
corps casualty list today contains the
names of one man killed in action;
three dead from shell wounds, and five
slightly wounded.
Private Alfred Grover Beyer of El
linger, Texas, who was slightly wound
ed, is the only man named from the
southwest.
!te point. would be divided between
four lines as follows:
To Los Angeles and juneMjii pointr
by Santa Fe.
To San Francisco and junction
points, by Union Pacific.
To Seattle and junction points uy
Chicago, Milwaukee and St. Pai:.
To Cut Texas Service
It wai expected that the Chicago
Kansas City, St. Louis-Kansas Ciy
and Chicago-Omaha traffic would be
given consideration next week, when
officials take up reductclon of service
) from the Missouri River to Texa. and
southwest.
AMERICAN TROOPS
GIVEN
HIGH
PRAISE
BY LLOYD GEORGE
British Premier Says French
Credit Sammies With Be
ing First Class Fighting
Material; Prove Bravery.
London May 4. Tremor Llovd
George ,who has returned from his
visit to France in which he attended j
the sessions of the supreme war coun-1
I cil and went to the front, spokr en
. theuastically today of the American.
: troops.
"A good number are already there" i
said Mr. Lloyd George. " Many more '
will pour in stedily during this month. !
The French who saw tlr?ir fighting '
in the battle lower down the line said 1
that they were first class fighting
material, full of courage and resource :
and all very keen" ,
"The Germans have rendered at j
least two great services to the allied
cause" continued th-3 premier. "They j
have" accelerated the advent of the
American troops and they have made
unity of command at last a reality.
The French and British are fighting
in close comradeship, isach with fu'Jl
appreciation of the qualities of the j
'other." '
' "Have you any message to bring i
form the armv to the neonlp?" the '
premier was asked.To this he r-plied: I composite empire which have always j vote of IS to 26. Th- house is expect
"The message I bring from the Brit-1 been the weak timbers of its structure, cd to agree to the report next week,
ish army to the people at home ls:ihave been inflamed Into unusual bit-1 Opponents of the measure who have
"Ua nt wnirl ptipur V irp u lrie-ht "
Of the great battH now going on.the distribution.
premier said: I The ."ises amV hve rea,hed
"I saw general Foch. Sir Douglas culmination today in the govern
Haig, General Pershing and other nients decision to prorogue parliament
officers of the higher command, and d""" t!:e pre"?n,f V,'
thev were all verv confident I also 1 for the reason tha h could not hell,
they ere an very comment, l aisoibut n, hinder, in the solving or econ
saw a very larg3 number of regimen al mlc robJeulg ' whlch everything de
officers and soldiers, who had actually g ,n wmJs of a 8em,K,frk.ia,
been the fighting line during the last ,anation Beforc lIs Bunoun(.p.
sis weeks of eery strenuous work and mm vag made Premiel. Von Seydler
their confidence also was amazing. : mot ,.artv am. imnressed nnon
"Imet no pessimests among them."
War Summary
(By Review Leaser! Wire)
Austria-Hungary supplies some
of
tne most important iiems oi me cm- suppressed indelinitelv and an auto
rent news, with a critical economic j oratjc government will try to hold the
and political situation officially con- j,elm.
ceded to be developng at home justj -w-hat straits Austria has reached
as her finiies at the front are appar-1 were partly revealed by the premier's
tntly about to be launched in a new I speech and also by the German offl
attack on Italy. icial statement that all food supplies
The crisis in Vienna is marked by from Ukraine this month will be given
the disu.itsal of the Austrian parlia-jto Austria on account of her greatest
ment by the emperor's ord'ar and the i need. The Hague correspondent of
declaration that forcible measures j the Times, discussing the Cerman food
would bo taken to make a resumption
of its sessions impossible. A state
ment issued makes it clear that thi
government was embarassed by the
divisions in the legislature body over
the grave situation and the various
radical trievances in the Austrian
l.n.l ..nlii ttf, ami l.-iroa a fi-0O ll!infl til
"""J '""wv "
h npxt few months
the nexl 1w luonlns-
Latins Expel Drive
SHuch drastic action, taken in the
face of the unrest throughout Aiis-tria-Huntrary
as the result of the war's
privations, and the ever-recurring rac
ial differences, will cause the develop
ment of the situation in the dual raon
"J archy to be followed with the keenest
interest-
Meanwhile, Vienna dispatches have
reported Emperor Charles leaving for
the front and have announced greatly
Innraactrt livitv nlnnfr I hi AllStTO-
i, ..h,,- nno hprp a renewal of theiarv majoritv consisting of Slavs,
Teutonic offensive has long be-on ;
threatened. The Rome official state-1
ment does not give a like picture of I
tha front ui-tivities' but iecords
intensive aerial operations with the j
entente airmen evidently having the
better of the encounters and bring
ing down fourteen enemy machines.
Hun Oggensive Held Up
The German offensive iu Flanders
has been held tip now for virtually
five days since the enemy waves last
dashed against the rock-ribbed defense
of the British and French early last
wer?k. and the Ynres line stood !irm I
under the attack. General Von Arnim Saxony.
evdently lias been forced.into this in- This concession, the dispatch adds,
activity by the severity of his losses was wrested from him by leaders of
and the time necessarv to marshal I 'he German parties after a conference
lvsw forces for a fresh blow. j lasting six hours. The, Austrian gov-
Concededlv, however, the enemy has ! eminent yielded with the greatest re
fresh troops" for a thrust of even iluctance for the political consequen-es
.r if ho think, it n.ivi. lof this concession may be far ream-
able to employ them here, and there I
have been indications for the last day ;
or two that that he was preparing to j
do so.
One such hind of an impending
thrust developed Saturday morning
when the German artillery began vio
lently to pound the Franco-British
line from Locre to the south of Ypn-s,
where his main effort of April 29 vtis
made. The bombardment was not
especially followed up by an att.-'.ck.
however, as was the case last Mond iv. i
Allied Line Stronger
Meanwhile there has beien a
strengthening of the allied defense at :
important points along both the noi til- j
em and southern sides of the Ly t
salient. Tin French have thus coop
erated successfully in the I.vr; le
gion, wnich is one of the nriln ob
jective points of the Germans as on
(Continued on Tago Six)
! Thousands of Doctors and Surgeons
Throughout Country Urged to Enter
Service for Dutg in Army or Navg
(By Review Leaned Wire
WASHINGTON", May 4 Thou
sands of doctors and surgeons
throuiK.ut the country will be
urged t;j enroll for service to meet
the growing demands of the army
and navy under a plan decided
upon ti day at a meeting lr?re of
slate committees of the general
medical board of the council of
national defense. It is expected
that sven thousand will respond
to th call by uly 1 and 5.0O0
more before the end of the year.
Medical men who decline commis
sions v ill be called on by the Btate
committees for an explanation.
Major John D. McLean, secre
tary of the general board in an
nouncing the state quotas which
are to be apportioned among coun
ties by the state committees said
TRIANEMPE
AUS
IS FACING CRISISlPASSED BY SENATE
j ,y.v r, view I.enswi wire)
j ' LONDON. May 4. "There are at
least a dozen different crises in Aus-
r tria today wrote one of the best :n-
formed English correspondents yes-
terday.'' All these crises appear to I
concentrate on the problem of food.
Even th? racial animosities of the ,
temess by Sectional jealousy over 1 OOU i
i them the necessity of the ituation, of
fered vague promises of reforms for
the discontented race's demands and
i issued warning Ihi t any agitation
! would he dealt th by all lawful
To Eni Debates
Parliamentary government, or rath
er parliamentary aenaies, are lo-oe
shortage yesterday, remarked:
"Even the ordinary German public
realizes that something worse thin
food scarcity threatens Austria."
For two months the exesperating
conditions between the Slavonic sec
tions of the Austrian population and
the other races has been at the high
est point of tension. The Germans
have been bullying Premier Von Seyd
ler with insolence which reached its
climax in the request that the Austrian
frontier populations of German race
should, for food supply purposes, be
annexed to Germany.
LONPON. May 4. The Holland
news bureau says, according to an
Amsterdam aisparcn to tne f,xcnaiiK
Telegraph that the resignation of the
Austrian premier, Pr. Von Seydler, as
soon as the emperor returns is un
avoidable. It adds that the parlimcnt-
Czechs and Poles, has decided not to
listen
o him as premier any more.
CANNOT
FEED GERMANS
LONDON. May 4 The straits to
which Austria has been driven by the
food situation is indicated in a dis
patch from Vienna via Zurch. which
says that lr. Von Seydler. the Aus
tiiiin premier, has been compelled to
admit tiiat Austria is unable to feed
the peoples of northern Tyrol and
northern Hohemia, and that he has,
therefore, consented that the former
be attached for the provisioning p'.i
noses to Bavaria and the latter to
lug. It is pointer out that if will ac
centuate the feud between the Ger
man and non-German races in Aus
tria Hungary, since both the provin-PR
affected are German-speaking and will
. . . . I. .. .un noti'ilion tf iKa Ini'nr-
' .? ,.,.,,., t f..m, fn.w.
(ion.
WASHINGTON INTERESTED
WASHINGTON. May 4 Press dis
patches from Amsterdam saying the
Emperor Charles was about to pro
rogue the Austrian parliament were
jrepd with deep interest today by offi
cials ncre. who uhu t-rrit-ii Mfmr
sm.n ,j rastlcr action since the news
leaked out from Vienna of the storm
sessions of the Rel' hsralh and of the
open defiance of the government by
the elements in opposition.
The debates connected with the
Bret Litovsk peace treaty were par-
(Contimii'd on Tage HI::)
that the cities must provide most
of the doctors, as the eotfntry corn
unit i-?s could not spare many.
Th quotas for western states
inclu-le Arizona, IS; California. 2imi.
Colorado. 100; Kansas, loo; New
Mexico, 50; Oklahoma, luo; Texas
150.
Senator Owens of Oklahoma,
addressing the meeting, regarding
his bill to increase appointments
of officers in the military medical
service, declared that the general
staff of the army "is always op
posed tc giving 4iddiiionaI dignity
to the medical men." The bill
provides for 20,oiiO offhrs in the
medical corps. He said these
men should have equal rank with
line officers, because without such
authority the medical corps can
not enforce its regulations.
ROR SEDITION MEASURE
iltv ltovlew I.easwl Wire)
WASHINGTON. May 4 Protracted
controversy in the senate over the
sedition bill to penalize disloyal acts
and utterances and interferences with
Liberty lo;ns sales and the army draft.
ended late today in adoption of the
conference report on the measure by a
COIl lenueu mill nn-uum ui Biimii ni.. i
the press would be curtailed lost their
fight to strike out a clause giving tne
postmaster general authority to with
hold mail believed to violate the
espionage lairs and to restore the
France amendment excepting from the
law truthful statements made with
good motives.
Penalties Severe
The bill was initiated a year ago
and provides maximum penalties of
20 years imprisonment and a $10.00o
fine or both for a wide variety of
disloyal acts. It amends the espionage
act an dwith the "woman spy" biil
recently passed, completes the cycle
of legislation urged by the department
of jut't'ee as necessary to clothe th
government wltfi power to deal with
sedition and disloyalty and prevent
mob violence, which has resulted from
the department's inability to securely ..probabIv the n0sf striking feature
convictions of persons making disloynl
utterances.
That the legislation is unnecessary
unconstitutional, too trastic and con
kers too wide discretion upon admins-
trative officials have been the prin
ciple arguments of those opposing it.
The final vote today was along non
partisan lines, many republicans join
ing a majority of the democrats in
supporting the legislation. Two demo
crats. Senators Hardwick of Georgia,
and Reed of Missouri, joined with 24
republicans in opposition.
British Losses
During Drive in
Picardy 250,000
(Ttv Hi-view l.eH.-od Wire)
WASHINGTON, May 4. Brit
ish losses in men killed, wounded,
captured and missing on the west
ern front since the German offen
sive began March 21 are esti
mated by the British military mis
sion here at nearly 250,030. The
mission said everything indicate
the offensive will be continued al
most immediately and that if the
brunt of the attack is borne again
by the British, the situation will
become serious unless the British
are supported by sufficient re
serves. ALLIED FLIERS DO
EXECUTION TO HUNS
(Ttv Review Leased Wire)
AMSTERHAM. May 4 BjThe effec
tive work of allied airmen in harass
ing the Cerman supply service is de
scribed by the newspaper Les Nouvel
les of The Hague, which says that
allied aviators recently sank in
one !
day 21 Belgian boats laden with gravel
and road material for the German
front in Picardy. The vessels at the
time were 12 kilometers from th-
enemy rear line.
SOLDIERS PARDONED BY
illy lifvti w l.i ii.s.'.i w in ) were 'he men pardoned. In reaching '
WASHINGTON. May 4. President
Wilson's i.ction today, in pardoning
two sollicrs of the American expedi
tionary forcu who had been con
demned to death by a court-martial in
France fi;r sleeping while on sentry
duty and commuting to nominal prison
terms t,ie death sentences imposed on
two others for disobeying orders, was
vi"wed by many army officials as ap-
proval by the president of secretary
aRker's stand against the imposition
of the cUath penalty in the army, fx-
cept in -i.pecial cases.
Privat-.-s Forest I. Sebastln of Eldo-
ado. Ill , and Jeff Cook of Lut ie, Okla.,
THIRD LIBERTY LOAN EXPECTED
TO PASS $4,000,000,000 MARK
WHEN ALL PLEDGES ARE IN
WASHINGTON Way 4. For the
third time within a year the American
people have heavily oer-subsrribed a
war credit. As the third Liberty
loan a closing tonight the treasury
announced the canipafsn had been "an
overwhelming su cess." Although
$rntiit.ono.noo was the formal goal of
the campaign, official reports includ
ing onlv a small proportion of today's
avalanche of pledges showed the total
as :!,20".C.r5.4(lO. and there were Indi
cations that the aggregate would be in
creased to nearly $4,000,000.0000 next
week when the banks have time to
tabulate the multitude of lat minute
applications.
The exact result of the campaign
probably not will be known until late
in the week.
15 Million Purchasers
Official estimates placed the num
ber of subscribers at between 12.000.
0'i0 and 15.000.000 far above the in.
000.000 of the second loan or 4,S0O.n0rt
0 fthe first and some officials ex
pressed the belief that the roll of bond
buyers would be even greater. To them
this was one of the most encouraging
features of the loan.
All twelve federal reserve districts,
which were the largest campaign units
oversubscribed, and a majoritv of the
states made the same record. Dela
ware doubled its quota.
Bond selling continued actively in
many cities up to a late hour tonight
ai'd banks stayed open in a final effort
to roll up more subscriptions than the
4 filfi.000.ooo.noo of the second Liberty
1 i?n last October.
Messaces reaching Washington to-ni-tht
iii.-Hcated. however, that the big
subscirtions from corporations and
btsin-0. Interests which weer fea
tures of the last hours of the second
rnmnai';'!. v.-ere lacking owing to the
Imn inence of Income and exces profits
tax payinsr iime in June, when more
than $.1,000 000.000 in war levies will
have to be paid to the government.
H.e nieces? of the campaign, even
wi-hout big ndividual subsc-iptions.
demonstrated that the loan was "pop
ular" and that bonds would be wide
ly ;f--.tributed among al' classes and
' cations.
New Yorker-j Loyal
The headquarters revie wtonight de-
si-rib-d the final roundun In New York
of the last day's campaign " Within
a few hours 129.0OO.00O subscription
were recorded, sending the rity and
state of New York over their quotas
The figure of $1,201,655,000 officially
recorded by the treasury, covered
business tip to 3 o'clock yesterday if
ternoon for all districts except New
York, which reported at 4 orlock this
pfternoon and Boston and Philadelphia
which reported at 11 o'clock this morn
ing. "It Is Impossible to, estimate the
amount of subscriptions taken in the
various districts no to the close cf
business tonight. ' said the headqupr
ters statement, "but the volume doubt-
less will bow substantial increase
over these latest official figures
The treasurv did not venture anv
guess concerning tire eventful propor
tions of the loan.
Official Figure
Official figures by districts Ineont
tiie and failing to show the Rich
mond. Cleveland and Atlanta districts
over the top. were announced as fol
lows: Minneanolis. $14O.02.SnO. 1:11: St.
Louis. $171.47:'.50O. Ill; Kansas Ci;.
162.765.100. 125: Boston. $-'S4.24S 30-'.
Ill: Philadelphia. 275.S06.40O. 110;
iChtvaso. $471,251,100. 110: PalUa.
! $84,242,100. 10": San Francisco. J2H.
I 451.60O. 102; New York. $912,500,100,
1 101: Richmond. H2S.111.950. 9S: Cleve
ibmd. J2S4.712.750, 94; Atlanta. J72.01S.
jTOO. SO
I The Atlanta district, which hss been
j :t the bottom of the percentage cr.l
: iiinn since the campaign started. April
jt'ih sent this word tonight:
I "Siaies renorieu irom an parts oi tne
iflttrlor 1nr1w-i:f rim thu nllrkla mntr
he exceeded by more than 25 ner cent.
We believe that practically every conn-,
tv anc! community will go ovef the i
top." j
On the streets of Washington to-1
night, bon dselling continued actively.:
although the citv had already gone far dispatches to the state department to
over its quota. Scores of motor trucks day said the first trains ith Ukrain-
were pressed Into service as platforms
for speakers. ;
:
NEW YORK OVER TOP j
NEW YORK. Mav 4- With the New
'York district's minimum quota left far -
his d-vi. lon the president took into !
considerution their extreme youth-
the former being 20 years old and the!
lattrr Vj and concluded that they did
not realize the seriousness of their of-,
fense and its possible disastrous ve
sults u,x.i the unit to which thev were
attached
Privates Olon Ledoyen. of Atlanta,
Ga.. and Stanley G. Fishback of Crn-
nolton. Ino.. were the men convicted
for dis-)b( ylng orders. Their sentemv
was con. muted to three years in th-i
fed-eral itison at Ft. Leavenwoih.
Kans.. ri d they will be brought to
this coin-try for imprisonment. De-
I behind and tabulators swamped with
a literal flood of eleven l'n hour sub
scriptions, the federal reserve bank
ar. Mounted at f o'clock tonight that
the official total of IJberty loan aeb
scriplipns at that hour was $926,000.
000 with every indication that it would
leach $l.ooo.tioo.000 when returns of
the district were complete.
ALL STATES OVER
DALAS. Texas. May 4 Every state
In the eleventh federal reserve dis
trict was "over the top" today and the
district's minimum quota of $SI.""0.
ioo had been over subscribed by $10.
j3.0."0. according to the official fig
ures on subscriptions to the third
Ijberty loan, tubulated up to noon.
The total stood at $90.65.1.050 and sub-.-criptionn
continued to pour in.
TOPEKA HAS RECORD
KANSAS CITY. Mo.. May 4. With
official reports In at the close of busi
ness today showing $170,321,250 in Lib
erty bonds, of the third issue, taken in
the tenth federa lreserve district, it
was announced at bond headquarters
the district had subscribed 131 per
cent of it sbond quota. Every state
in the district was "over the top." but
offi ials estimated reports of subscrip
tions yet to come in until May 9. would
Increase the grand total att leas
$10,000,000.
Topeka, Kansas, with a subscription
of $2,212,450, was 191.8 subscribed and
it ft a sbelieved stands a good chanci
of doubling its quota, obtaining a star
for its honor flag.
ARIZONA DOUBLES QUOTA
PHOENIX. Arizona, May 4 That
part of Arizona In the fourth distric.
as nearly as can be estimated, ha
subscribed $6,000,000 to the third Lib
erty loan against a quota of $3,000,000.
It is estimated that there have been
22.000 subscribers. The campaign
closed in Phoenix tonight with a pa
rade in which 5.500 people too kpari.
54 FLAGS FOR ARIZONA
SAN FRANCISCO. May 4. With the
subscription campaign closed tonight,
for tb third Liberty loan but returns
not conmleted from banks either m
tiis Hty or the twelfth federal reserve
district, a substantial excess over
quotas assigned In both instances was
assured, members of the campam
committees said. The figures for the
city were placed at approximately
$5S ooo.noo as against r. quota of $51,
970.000. Honor flags awarded up today for
this district totalled 1.109. of which
54 weer awarded in Arizona.
HUNS DEAL BLOW
, TO RUSSIAN FLEET
(B Review T-et-jed xvir
AMSTERDAM. May 4. The K;el-
nische Zeitung makes it clear that the
Germans hope the capture of Sebasto-
nol will prove a mortal blow to the
Russian Black Sea fleet which seems
to have been causing them anxiety.
It says:
"The fleet now is .without a ba-.
and therefore unable to renew its
sto ks of coal and ammunition or ef
fect repair?.
IRELA
NOW QUIET
Rv Review Leaned vir)
IUBLIN, May 9. (By The Associ
ated. Press!. Although Ireland is
quieter than before, the announcement
of conscription heer is still causing
great tension of public feeling and
much discussion of future prospects.
The. appointment as chief secretary
for Ireland of Edward Shortt. radical
and home ruler, followed by the ap
point ment of William Archer Red
mond, member of parliament for Eat
Tyrone, as intelligence officer on I,ord
French's staff, created for a few days,
the impression that the government
had abandoned its intention of enforc-
conscription,
HUNS GET GRAINS
WASHINGTON. May 4 Stockholm
ian grains had arrived in Germany
and that the planned reduction, of
bread rations had been postponed, al-
though the quantities reecived were
negliblgle and the situation was un-
certain.
PRESIDENT
tails in these cases bAve not been
made public. The soldiers ar l
years old.
All four of the men w?re volunteer
in the regular army.
The president's action was is I'ne
with re-.-ommendations made to nim
by Seoietary aBker, who made a fall
investigation of the cases after h
sentence- of the court bad been re
viewed and approved by the judg ad-
vocate's nepartiwnt
Sevntary Baker previously tail
gone or record against the adoption ct
any general rule for the Imposition ct
the death penalty for military of-
tenses. TWO
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MAY 5, 1918.
Sale of Nobby Suits g
A sale of such wonderful values for women and misses, coming at thi
particular time, offers you one of the biggest opportunities you have . had foi
many a day to practice true economy.
Please note carefully this is our regular stock, comprising suits of the
very highest character, suits that have an air of individu
ality with authoritative style features not to be found in
the ordinary'. Their charm and beauty will surpass your
ivery expectation", it will be absolutely necessary for J"
you to view this beautiful assortment of stylish Spring f jSQiA
buits, to tuny appreciate their exceptional values as well
as their many advantages as to style and beauty.
Without exception every suit in the lot is style
right and price right At the great reduction in price AJj N
mere is a suDSianuai saving 10 you or one-rounn, ana in
many instances one-third of the original price. The
amount you will be able to save on the price or one or jf,
these suits, will buy you a beautiful hat.
Another great advantage you have, if you avail yourself of this, the j j
greatest sale event of the season, you not only make a great saving in the
purchase price of your suit, but you have the further assurance that
every suit in this sale is absolutely correct in style, and the best that
mcr.ey can buy as to material workmanship, fit and finish, these facts
S3
fr Women and Misses)
5
i
are worthy of your careful consideration. Furthermore, when you consider
the fact that the government continues to take over factories and com
mandeer woolen fabrics to meet the enormous demand of our great army
and navy, you can readily appreciate the well known fact that worth while
garment materials are becoming more and more scarce
every day, hence it is to your special interest to take
advantage of thi3 sale. The materials in these stylish
suits are mannish Wool Serge, high quality Tricotine.
i ) Poiret Twills, Gabardine Poplins, Wool Jersey and
fancy mixtures.
Suits, regularly priced $25.00 to $29.50, (T1Q EE
Now on sale at pJ.Z.jO
7V K- Suits, regularly priced $35.00 to $37.50, O Z n CT
-lvU'zP Now on sale at & JO
Suits, regularly priced $39.50 to $42.50, O OQ QT
Now on sale at spS.JJ
Suits, regularly priced $45.00 to $49.50. QK
Now on sale at 4 p(jtZ0
Suits, regularly priced $52.50 to $55.00. LQQ OT
Now on sale at pKJSJJ
Ki- I,
mm -s
1 W' fashior
VxfecAM7- The
Lingerie Blouses AQ
MONDAY SPECIAL
These dainty Lingerie Blouses of fine Sheer Voile,
fancy Striped Organdy, and Batiste, attain the uttermost
in values as to Style and Quality. Some are White, others
are White ground with fine Stripes of contrasting shades.
The big Sailor Collars, and the new Roll Collars are both
represented, pretty sleeves, dainty buttons of good qual
ity ; some are trimmed with Fine Lace and Sheer Embroid
ery, and there are other tailored models finished with pretty
P. K. Collars and Cuffs; all wanted sizes, 36 to 48. You
never have loo many blouses for the Summer, and now
at this low price you should replenish your supply, buy
several while the savings are so liberal. Priced at $ 1 .49.
New Smocks and Middies
We are just in receipt of a new shipment of these
popular Summer Middies and Smocks, many clever styles,
the lot embodying the seasons newest and most popular
colors and White, such shades as Corn, Green, Rose and
Blue as well as many color combinations. Especially at
tractive are the new "Joan of Arc" models. Pretty Belts,
Collars and Pockets, and neat hand Smocking. The
sleeves are trimmed to match. There are also many smart
"Jack Tar" Middie3 and Smocks, all wanted sizes. The
prices are especially attractive $1.00 to $3.95
Bon Ton Corsets
That individuality of style re
finement which characterizes
the attire of the well dressed
woman, is only possible where
her gown has been correctly
fitted ovor the proDer founda
tion so" necessary to obtain
the much desired grace-
ines in keeping with the
ions now in vogue.
Bon Ton Corset meets all
of the above -requirements, as
well as having many other ad
vantages, which our corsetierer
would be glad to explain. We
guarantee you a correct fit.
Come in and see the. hew models
at $6.50 to $15.00
La Camille Corsets
You will be especially interested too in the La Camille
Corset which is famous for its "VENTILO" back, & front
shield, the specially 'designed back affording ventilation to
the body which increases the comfort of the wearer. The
front shield prevents the flesh from protruding through
the laces, insures proper and perfect ventilation and ad
mitting of a greater range of adjustments. The prices
range from $3.50 to $6.50
"LIKLY" LUGGAGE
We Are Showing a Complete Line of
Bags and Suit Cases at Popular Prices
Wliy not have a Suit Case or
Hand BaR you are proud to rarry,
one that lias an air or refinement
as wfll ax being constructed aloiiR
ih: proper lines, and of the best
mux rials, affording you all the
pleasure and conveniences you are
entitled to.
Yes, we have the "LIKLY" lue
gago. and many other well known
ma'ies in neat small Hand Vac,
and trim Suit. Cases for women.
Also the medium solid leather,
leather and linen lined, well made
a:ni nr:itly finished Itas in light
;d dark tan, o. d. and black.
All bather I'aes for men or women
in a price rane $27.50 to $9
All leather Suit Cases for men anrt
women, price ranj;e. $27.5C. to $10
l ilicr Suit Cases, special valin-s.
$6.50 to $5.75
Crass Yattlng Cases, special
values $2.50 to $1.50
91
f-. f . , , ... .
SPECIAL CLEARANCE SALE OF
WOMEN'S SILK COATS
This assortment comprises all the seasons latest and most approved styles in Silk Coats
for women.
The fabrics are heavy Silk Taffetas and Silk Gros de Londres. The colors are Navy,
Black, Mouse Grey, Green. These Coats are extremely full, which gives them a beautiful
and graceful flare; some have over-collars of Silk in contrasting shades. There are sizes
from 1 6 to 44.
There is nothing like having one of thes- extra coats to slip on these cool eveneings;
their comfort and convenience are almost indescribable. With few exceptions, every woman
who does not possess one of these stylish and serviceable coats will have a longing for one.
Here's your opportunity,
$27.50 to $29.50 values on sale at $22.50
$32.50 to $35.00 values on sale at $25.45
Surprise Sale of Millinery
4l Monday :
In this Special Surprise Sale for Monday there will be 50 mcdel Hats at greatly
reduced prices, 50 exclusive model Hats, priced at surprisingly low figures.
In thi3 wonderful collection of beautiful Hats, you will be especially surprised at
the wonderful values we are offering at such low prices, Hats that are ready to wear,
for dress or semi-dress occasion.
The new large sloppy Leghorn Hats, 'with Ribbon Crowns, Polks with Flower
Crowns, and Hats of ne Lisere straw, faced with Silk or Satin. Some are faced with
Georgette Crepe, trimmed with pretty Flowers and Ribbons, or the daintiest Fancy
Feathers. There is a wonderfully large and varied assortment of staple and novel
shapes and sizes, all wanted colors and color combinations in the Surprise Sale Mon
day. Model Hats, ready to wear, worth up to $20.00, on sale at $14.50
Model Hats, ready to wear, worth up to $27.50, on sale at $16.50
Popular Silk Fabrics at Liberal Reductions
Note These Special Price-Reductions for Monday andTuesday
You owe it to yourself to visit our big
Silk Department on the ground floor. We
are showing o:ie of the biggest assortments
in the city, almost every known weave, color
and color combination for every conceivable
purpose.
36-inch, Foulard Gingham Silks in all the
new shades, patterns, figures and fast
washable colors, priced at, per yard..$1.19
36-inch Silk Gingham Silks in nil the beauti
ful light Plaids. Special values, priced at,
per yard $1.89 and $2.25
36 to 40-inch Satin Foulards in popular dark
shades, dots and figures. Special values,
per yard $2.25 lo $2.98
36-inch Washable Silk Tricotine in all the de
sirable plain colors adaptable for suits and
dresses, looks like Silk Jer3cy but wears
much better. Special value, priced at, per
yard $1.98
36 to 40-inch Fancy Taffeta and Satin Silks
suitable for skirts and dresses. Many
beautiful colors and pattersn in Stripe-:.
Checks ?nd Plaids. Extra values ranins
in price, per yard 551.98 to $3.98
40-inch Georgette Silk Crepe in nil wanted
shades, per yard $2.00
26-inch Silk Messaline in all wanted shades
best grade, per yard ". $1.00
33 lo 36-inch Silk Shirting, good as?oit;rt?rt
of colors and stripes, extra values at, per
yard $1.35 to $2.00
.36-inch Heavy Quality Satin in all wanted
shades, per yard $1.93
36-inch Taffetas, best quality, in all wanted
i shades, per yard $1.98
26-inch Jap Silk in all wanted shades. Special
value, per yard 65c
36-inch Skinners Satin, all wanted shades,
per yard $2.00
36-inch Lining Satin in all wanted shades,
per yard ....$1.00
36-irch Italian Silk Jersey in all wanted
shades, per yard $2.50
40-inch Stewart's Crepe de Chine, all wanted
shades, per yard $1.75
Imported Pongees, special valuer, per yard
,.$1.C0 to $2.50
36-inch Foundation Silk, all wanted shades,
per yard 39c
36-inch Tiffany, all wanted shades, per yard
39c
36-inch Silk Shirting, all wanted colors, per
yard i)8c
40-inch Georgette Crepe in plain and fancy
rulers, dainty little designs in Black and
While Stripes. Black with Gold figures:
a'so pLin colors. Special, Monday and
Tuesday, per yard $1.49
36-inch Fancy Silk Shantung, imported direct
from the Orient, Old Rose, Tan, White.
Green and Copen with dots and figures of
last washable ccclrs. Monday and Tues
day special, per yard 57c
0
, Ging-yi :
vith thef. ;jidAW;ii'::;vi
belt all llr :VltiaS:1
well i'-V' i r"ti i ' 1
Girls' and Children's
TUB DRESSES
A wide and varied assortment of cunning styles,
made of Gingham and Shambry, Plain Colors, Stripes and
attractive Plaids. Some are hand embroidered and hand
smocked, with pretty White Collars and Cuffs of Linen or
P. K. Others with Collars, Cuffs, Pockets and Belts of
plain materials of contrasting and harmonizing shades. AH
wanted sizes, 2 to 16 years. Prices range $5.00, $4.00,
$11.50, $2.50, $2.00" and $1.50
Bungalow
Aprons $1.29
One hundred of these
big Aprons added to our Mon-, V
vju r VI 1 1 CIO V 11111IU IV-i
They are made of an exce
quality of Shambry,
1 K f 1 1 .1
nam, Middy styles, wi
Kimono sleeves, and
around, and big pockets. They' f
are full long, cut full.
made and neatly finished,' ;
1.1 a1J '
piped with a material or a
contrasting color. The colors
are Tan, Pink and Blue. These
are unusual values on sale
Monday at only $1.29
Sale of Purses and Bags
Which Are Now in Vogue QQn
to $4.00 Values ..... Z?OL
Monday and Tuesday in this department we place on
special sale women's Purses and Bags worth up to $4.00
at 98c, bags made of all silk, Purses and Pocketbooks in
a big assortment of all the popular leathers, all wanted
sizes, shapes and colors; some fitted with coin purse and
mirror, envelope shaped purses with strap back, bags with
handles, best steel frames, pen seal. Sea lion. Walrus,
Russa, Calf and many other popular leathers.
Fancy Silk Hose $1.50
Woman's Fancy Silk Hose with double toe and double
high spliced heel in all wanted sizes, to 10, in colorj
of Pink and Sport Stripes, White ground with Stripes of
Black, Green, Old Rose, Purnle. etc., color combinations
of Black and White, and Green and White. There are
few items of wearing apparel which mylady appreciates
more than a pair of pretty Silk Hose. This, assortment is
of special inteerst as the values are unusual, te colors are
good, and the patterns very ncpular. You cannot have
too many pairs of pretty Hose. See this lot Monday
at :. $1.50
Hartman Wardrobe Trunks
The many features of great convenience which are
individual with THE "HARTMAN," characterizes thi?
wonderful Wardrobe Trunk as preeminently the best that
money can buy. There are many Wardrobe Trucks, but
there is only one "HARTMAN."
This trunk represents a
very unusual value, giving
the maxim of service as it
is constructed of the very
best materials obtainable.
The patented ui-hion top which
is found only in tiie "HAKTMAV
Trunks locks your garments per
fectly at the end of the trunk, antj
a simple retaining bar locks them
at the center.
There are immv exclusive fea
tures in fie "MAICTM AN" n. to f iJ"
he found in trunks of any other """
make. (Vino in ami let our sales- 9.
man demonstrate them to on. The
. ill, mm r iii.iii yim IKH?
to pay for any ordinary warJrobc
trunk.
J3
t. .'-
i
j THREE
"WOMEN CAN HOLD U. S. STEADFAST,"
SAYS WIDOW OF GKOVEK CLEVELAND
News of Social Circles
Tv777l
The surgical dressing class under
the auspices of Mrs. Henry Poppen
which met at the Woman's club Mon
day afternoon, made a great number
of compresses. The following were
present: Mesdames Clinton Moon,
Treponnin'g, P. E. Williams, J. F.
Burch, H. Akard. M. C. High, James
Senna, Blanche Lindquist, Henry Bop
pen and Gertrude Sherman. They
made 1212 compresses. The Adawana
Camp Fire girls and grade 9C of the
new Junior high school also contribut
ed their services. The following were
present: Jean Waters, Florence
Lambert, Alma Eeatn, Ida Hutterman,
Mary Serpovich, Edna Chain, Edith
Hanley, Helen O. Kerstrom, Helen
Doynes, Edward Porter, Charlie Mad
den, Teddy Kovey and Bertha Ojeda.
900 compresses were turned out.
XXX
The Y. W. C. A. Camp will be op
ened about the 18th of May. Adawa
na Camp Fire girls will be the first
to spend a vacation there. The young
ladles anticipate a perfectly delight
ful time in beautiful Miller Canyon,
beside the babbling brook and under
the whispering trees. They have been
vacationing there for three years past
for Miller Canyoa is indeed a garden
spot of Arizona.
The domestic science class enter
tained the teachers of the high school
with a delectable luncheon, Thursday
afternoon. The .proof of the pudding
is in the eating, and some things look
very good but when one 'attempts to
eat them indigestion is the outcome.
But not so with the domestic science
class as every teacher present will
surely tell you.
3K a Si
Mrs. M. E. M. Prantzen, state chair
man of the American Fund for French
Wounded, on behalf of the Bisbee-Lin-coln
Committee, wishes to thank
most heartily Miss Sloan, the teach
ers and children of the different
schools cf the Warren district Jor
their hearty cooperation in contribut
ing patch and knitted quilts and pic
ture books for the children of devas
tated France. The ' Central schoo
contributed 31 picture bookst 13 patch I
and knitted quilts; Tin Town school
2 quilts; Lincoln school 7 quilts; Lee
mcnt school 2 quilts. 8 picture books;
Lowell school 5 quilts; Jefferson
school 1 quilt; Warren school 1 quilt
They were all on display recently
in Angles' store. Mrs. Frantzen
through the BIsbee-Lincoln committee
will ship these to Blerancourt (Aisne)
France, that part of France alloted to
the American Fund for French Wound
ed by the French government for the
establishing of a community center
where supplies are distributed to the
very needy of that war stricken coun
try. The articles show that fine instruc
tion by the teachers was given and
the best of workmanship on the part
of the children. ....
X X
Les Jeune Club, which means the
young, has been' organized and forms
an auxiliary of the A. F. F. W. with
.Mrs. F. E. Williams in charge, in the
capacity of teacher-monitor. President
Edna Chain, vice president, Muriel
O'Neil, treasurer, Pauline McGeein,
secretary. jGene Waters. This club
will meet every Saturday' at 2:30 p.
m. at the Garfield school.
They are very enthusiastic over
knitting chin bands for French sol- i
diers. A little boy became so enthu-j
plastic that he insisted upon being al
lowed to knit a chin band.. He is on
ly six years of age.
XXX
The women who have so generous
ly offered to serve refreshments at
the Warren Park on Saturday night
at the C. & A. dance, regret to state
that on account of the inclemency of
the weather and the Chautauqua it
was impossible to do so this Saturday
But if the weather permits this com
ing Saturday they will be there in all
" their glory and make lots of money
for the Red Cross. The different so
cieties are responding nicely to the
request that has been made, to belp
all they can in this manner.
The Anona Club will meet Tuesday
May 17th, at the home of Miss Jennie
Warren of Tombstone Canyon.
XXX
A dramatic recital will be given by
the following pupils of Mrs. Maye
Esther Thcmason English at the high
school gymnasium Friday, May 17th,
at 8 p. m. The following will take
part: Naomi Newman, Crystal Wat
ers, Dorpthy Lenner, Frieda Suttey,
Amy Fenner. Mary Caretto, Blanche
Campbell, Mary Hennessy, Irene
Brown, Rose Suttey, Jeanette New
man, and Mrs. C. M. Bradley. '
The proceeds will go to the" Red
Cross. Watch for program. ,
XXX
The party at the Woman's Club for
the benefit of the Permanent Blind
was attended as well as could be ex
pected, under the conditions, as so
many people went to the Chautauqua.
But next Saturday a large crowd will
be expected at the Country Club.
Y. W. C. A. NOTES
The V. W. C. A. membership "Tea
planned for last week in honor of the
wives and mothers of the men in the
service will be given later. Owing to
the various activities in the city, the
committee could not arrange for an
afternoon at this time.
XXX
The Girls' Vesper service Sunday
afternoon. April 21st, was well at
tended. Miss Moore talked of girls
ideals and of the importance of keep
ing up the high standards of living aS
a patriotic service.
XXX
A very enjoyable tea was given in
'honor of Miss Alice Moore, girls civic
secretary Pacific field, by the Y. W.
C. A. member at the association last
week. Miss Moore talked to the lad
les about girl problems after whlrh
questions were asked and our own-
local situation discussed. Miss Moore
gave some very helpful suggestions
along the lines of possible methods
of procedure in solving our problems.
H is the aim of the Y. W. C! A. to be
of real servke to others and we ear
nestly ask the co-operation of every
one interested in the welfare of our
girls to aid us in holding before them
the higher standards of living.
The committee in charge of the Y.
W. C. A. membership campaign in the
three sections of the Warren district
are busily working and so far have
made ,a splendid record. The ladies
are not ready with their reports as
they are planning a longer period of
time for the work. The goal for the
year is 1000 members and we expect
to make a big .start for that number
during this campaign. The three
chairmen in charge are Mrs. R. M.
Fox, Warren, South BisTjee, Baker
ville and Cochise; Mrs. Frank Sin
clair, Lowell, Upper Lowell, Jigger
ville, Naco Road and Brewery Gulch;
MVs. James D. Blair, all of Bisbee
from Brewery Gulch up Tombstone
Canyon. If you are not already a
member call one of these ladies or a
member of the committee and give
them your membership. Each Y. W.
C. A. member is requested to please
do her bit by bringing in others, turn
ing over the names to chairmen or
committee members in your section
of the district
XXX
Miss Rosalind Keating arrived re
cently from Chicago and is stopping
at the Y. W. C. A. Miss Keating is a
teacher at the junior high school.
XXX
Miss Lois J. Lindsay, from Denver,
and employed by the Bisbee Improve
ment Company, is stopping at the Y.
W. C. A.
XXX
The new addition to the association
building is progressing quite rapidly.
It Is hoped that it will be ready for
occupancy in June.
XX
Monday evening, April 22nd, there
were 12 business girls at a dinner
given in honor' of Miss Alice
Moore, the field secretary for girls'
work. . She presented a plan for the
organization of a club which the girls
adopted; and; rjie following officers
were-elected : Miss Anna Davis, cap
tain, Miss Dorothy Muat, 1st lieuten
ant. Miss Bernice Butler, 2nd lieuten
ant Miss Letha Porter, quartermas
ter. This club has great plans for the
future which will interest all the
business girls. After supper we had
a jolly time singing and Miss Moore
told several stories. There will be a
meeting of the club next Tuesday
evening and all of the members are
requested to be present.
XXX
Miss Alice Moore gave a splendid
talk to the high school girls while in
the city. She emphasized the fact
that' all the girls must ''count" and
hold up their ideals in this war time.
XXX
The Owaissa Camp Fire held an
election of officers Thursday evening
April 25th, the following being the re
sult: Mabel Sullivan, president; Em
ma Haldermon, vice president; Mil
dred Smith, Secretary; Katie Caretto,
treasurer.
About sixteen Camp Fire girls
marched in the Liberty parade.
The Churches
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE
Informal Christian Science meet
ings are held in Warren every Sunday
at 11:00 a. m. at first. cottage south
of the "Y". All are most welcome.
Subject for today: "Everlasting Pun
ishment" PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH
Sunday School 9:43 a. m. Morning
worship 11:00 a. m. Sermon topic,
"The Cruch and the World Crisis."
Members of the Session are request
ed to meet in the pastor's study at
the church at 10:50 a. m.
The evening services .will be omitted
on account of the Chautauqua.
ALLAN KRICHBAUM, Pastor.
METHODIST EPISCOPAL
Sunday School 9:45 a. m. Public
worship 11:00 a. m. "The Home the
Greatest School." No service tonight
fitllDT PO ITT TTT-r.iir..r
vriAnLico w. ii Atlon.il A.i.
FIRST BAPTIST CHURCH
Sunday School 9:45 a. m. Morning
service 11:00 a. m. Theme: "Import
ance of Regular Communion." Jun
ior and Senior B. Y. P. U. 6:45 p. m.
Group No 1 win lead.
Evening service 7:45 p. m. Theme:
"God the Refuge of His People."
Prayer meeting Wednesday 7:45 p.
m. Presbyterian Mission; Johnson
Addition. Sunday evening service 8:00
Prayer meeting Wednesday 8:00 p.
m. You are invited to join us in
these services.
H. C. COMPTON. Pastor.
Rev. A. J. Irvin will preach in War
ren Sunday, May 5, at 11 a. m. and in
South Bisbee at 8 p. m. on same date.
ST. JOHN'S EPISCOPAL CHURCH
Sunday School 9:45 a. m. Mornfng
prayer and address 11:00 a. m. fol
lowed by celebration of the Holy
Communion. Wednesday choir prac
tice 7:00 p. m.
JACOB M. WHITE. Rector.
CHRI8TIAN SCIENCE SOCIETY
Christian Science Society of Bisbee
holds services every Sunday morning
at 11:15 o'clock in the Woman's club
building on Quality Hill. Wednesday
evening testimony meeting at 7:45.
The l-ubllc is welcome and invited
to attend Subject for-today, "Ever
lasting Punishment."
H. B. Brandt, eon of Mrs. Lily
Brar.dt and until recently assistant
cashier o fthe First National Bank of
Tombstone, left there Wednesday
morning for Los Angeles, where lie
experts to locate. He will take a
position in one of the banks there,
and will remain until the end of the
year, when he will enter school.
: 'jrS-X V,' :,. A: ., - i- : f - v, ,'; ...? . : Ij .?"
IS
3V
' & -r ' . 'r ' .-x-:o ;
i
Mrs. T. J. Preston, Jr.
"We can win if America can bo held steadfast and unsvrarvinr, and
tha v.-o;cr. of America can hold her steadfast. Ajrainst all temptations to
cor.ip-.cn-.isc tha women of America should stand firm -r.J i;.i.'.;J." says
i!-s." T'iotcs J. J'reston, formerly Mrs. Grover Clavoianu.
Of Interest
k By Lee Brown
The women all over America have
done themselves proud by their splen
did enthusiasm and desire to help and
by giving all their time and using end
less patience they have put the third
Liberty Loan over the top.
Isn't it a nice feeling to know that
the women of, Cochise county have
rallied and done more than their
share. There will be stars in their
crowns. Every one responded to th
call that Secretary McAdoo made to Lthe Pwn b background, and to put
the women of America. He began by!n,er ilefas ch f smartness into
appointing a woman, his wife, as pres-! tne uff and collar arrangements she
ident of the Third.Wbej-ty.Loan. He ; ha leJarnel one "f, the, secrets of
then asked each woman to do her ! dressing. This is something
share and this direct appeal from such,' wLlth e learned by the women
a source did much to spur women to Lwho, re dressing on a war income,
do their more than best. Mr. McAdoo lfor il is very true that some twist or
realizes that for this all important ; ' make collar and cuff ar
thing the cooperation of the women I fangement smart and unusual. 'One
of America is imperative. This is not I is Quite unconscious of the back-H.-.-.
tn wnmen-s suffraee but to the ! ground. It may be a simple frock of
ceaseless labor and sacrifice that they
have put forth to give food and cloth
ing to the men over the sea.
The national president of the Liber
ty Loan drive appoints a chairman for
each state in the Union and she in
turn appoints a chairman for each
ceunty. v. ho then selects a chairman
for each town. The state chairman
Miss Alice Birdsall, attorney and coun
sellor at law from Phoenix, is r.ow in
Bisbee. Jler message is one of chesr
and encouragement to the Bisbe worn
B
en.
Mrs. Sam Kyle is county chairman,
and she and her steady bunch of work
ers deserve praise and congratulation
upon their fruitful efforts for subscrip
tions in the Warren district. Mrs.
Kyle has engineered these workers
wonderfully well. She has things bo
systematized .that a daily report is
tunrsd in to .her each day so that she
will knrr exactly what each member
of her force is doing. It is not easy
work to climb these hills in' the hot
sun from early morn till the night
comes, every single .day. But they
feel well rewarded when they learm
ha 438 950 has been subscribed up to
date. The workers are very enthusi
astic and glad to give their services
which is much to their credit and with
Mrs. Kyle's splendid executive ability
and management it looks as though
the Third Liberty Loan was to stand
at the top in Arizona the saime as
this state does in the second. If we
retain the honor it is entirely due to
the suprsmeacy of the women.
Naco has taken S12.000 worth or
...wrfntintw linger the minervlsion of
Mrs R W Stratton. They have re -
ceived the Honor Flag. The women
have done the entire work.
. . . .
I lie l vi wi0f
1 There is a verv slight change in t'ie
sllouotte, all evidences of fullness
and drapery are drawn to the front ol
tne costume wnu vanmi u-ukmhui
elaborations, and barks are left plain;
this plan is often .accentuated (with
novelties.
Some of the new trimmings are
really remarkable: for instance, mir
rors and ostrich feather appear as
ernaments on some of the most for
mal gowns, and white piqua trims
taffeta dresses, just as bright jet
trims waist coats of white linen; and
then there are trimmings of tulle,
much tulle appearing even on seree
costumes. Linen tunics are embroid
ered with angora wool which is more
charging than one can Imagine when
applied to the right sort of frock.
Lace trims cloth dresses which has
never before been dreamed of. Some
of the new fashions are amusing: one
Is the use of big silk handkerchiefs
such as the peasants wear ns anrons
on dresses of black silk and fashions
strange sleeves cut in separate sec
tions of similar handkerchiefs. Other
frcks are made entirely of
these!
square silk hnudkerrhlefs, and hive
m
mm
i 7
U
. ' . . ;
I; V !t ';: ... ,:
""" ';:,r'i '"
.:v:-.
to Women r
the front of the skirt longer than the
back. Many violently colored waist
coats which ' appeared early in the
spring will defy the humidity of the
July mornings with white or black
skirts. There are clouds of organdie
muslin in lovely fresh tints; these
are strangely reminescent of other
years. 0 .
Dressing on a War Income
When a woman begins to think of
serge or it may be of satin or char-
meuse In a dark color, but if the neck
and sleeves are charmingly finished,
the effect is one of true chic. Of
course one must have a number of
these arrangements to attain variety.
Some are so simple that they can eas
ily be made at home.
A piece of handkerchief linen finish
ed with a band of dotted swiss bound
in turn with the linen is one to make
a flat collar and cuffs look French.
j r summer, organu.e n panel
(shades is the smartest of all. Chiffon,
marquisette. Georgette crepe, satin,
and crepe de chine are also excellent
materials for this purpose. One or
two summer dresses shown in white
pongee or rajah silk are finished at
the neok with a clever arrangement
of silk gingham in colored checks and
stripes. The effect while very odd is
unusually smart.
K There are unlimited possibilities for
these color combinations. French blue
chiffon is used with pale grey ehar
meuse. One of the most stylish ef
fects is dying the lace to match the
frock. Old fashioned peppermint
j Gripes of handkerchief linen can be
arranged in simple charming lines.
hen printed chiffon is bound with
narrow bands of satin or silk in black
or colors, the heaviest fabric gives
jHst the right accent to chiffon.
Waistcoats
When the American woman censor
ed the wool sweater, she was imme
diately presented with the waistcoat;
It is now considered essential. In viv
id and pastel shades, stripes and in
' checks and of various materials.
'These waistcoats will appear under
th tailored suit or top-coat, over a
I sports skirt, or with a light frock. It
sups on over me neaa, ouitons at
both sides, and Is belted in a long
waisted line. Some button up the
front like little vests. A white waist
j ro;lt i,i0Uf:e 0r fibre silk jersey piped
In navy blue broad cloth, has a broad
cloth lined scarf attached at the back.
Blue buttons trhn the front and fas
ten the long tight sleeves. One of
the newest fashions for summer will
be these separate walstcoast designed
to release a sweater for a soldier. It
may be worn not only as a substitute
for a sweater, but as a vest with a
suit.
14 GERMANS DOWNED
rtv RpvIpw lnd V.'lrel
LONDON. May 4. The British offi
cial communication dealing with avi
aticn Issued today says:
"A thick haze Thursday Interfered
witli'the work of our airplanes. Three
and a half tons of bombs were drop
ped on Bapaume and other targets in
the battle arears. At times the fight
ing in the air was severe.
"Fourteen hostile machines were
downed and four were driven down
nut of contri'l. KWe cf ours are miss-
ing.
m
APPROXIMATE FRENCH PRO
NUNCIATION OF NAMES If
THE WAR NEWS.
. i
Places
Aire Air
Amicus Aiiiiiyi'K
Armentieres Ar-moiit-yayr
Arras Ah-rass
Ballleul Byyul
Bothune .Bay-tune
Boulogne ' Boo-lon
Boyelles I wall-yell
Calais Cal-lav
Calonne .('ah-kiri
Castel . ( a vtell
Dfxmude Iiix-myood
Dranoutre Drah-nootr
Festubert Fest-you bayr
Ghqluveiq Say-ioo-velt
Civenchy .'.!i e-von-slice
Hangard On-gar
Hazebrouck Ahz-brork
Hollebeke Ol-bek
La Basse ..i La -l.as-say
Langemarek Lonj-mark
Lavt'iitia ij-.-vor.tre
Lillers Lee-layr
Locon Lo-crm
Lys Ixess
Mai'ly Rameval ... My-y. e-rom val
Merris - May rcess
Mervillo Mare-veel
Messlnes Mes-seen
Meteren May-ter-an
Montdidier Mon-deed-yay
Moreuil -Mo-ruh-yee
Neuve 'Eylise Nuhv-ay-gleez
Xieppe -. Nee-ep
Noyon Nwah-ycn
Passchendaele Pash-en-dal
Pioegsteert Plog-stayrt
Poelcappelle P(.leap pell
Queant Kay-yon
Rcbecq Ro-bek
St. Eloi Sant-ei-wah
St. Venant San-vay-non
Vimy -Vee-mee
Warneton Varn-ton
Wulverghcro. Vool-verg-em
Wytschaeta Vit-shayrt
Ypres Eepr
Zonnebeke Zon-bek
Men ,
Caillaux Ky-yo '
Clemenceau Clem-raon-so
Fayolle Fy-yoll
Foch Fosh ,
Petaln Pay -tan
Pcincare' Pwan-cah-ray
DENIES MAN HUNG
SAN FRANCISCO, May 4. Knights
ol Liberty, reported active in San Jose
and Oakland in suppressing allegeJ
sedition, must not attempt to extend
t')cir operations to San Francisco, ac
cording to Police Chief IX A. White.
The statement was made after the
receipt of annoymous letters by the
police department indicates that the
Knights were planning to operate
here.
Chief White denied empha'loally re
ports that tie San Jose "Knights"
operated in this city last Friday night
ar.d hanged an alleged disloyal resi
dent until he apologized for seditious
utterances and promised to buy Lib
erty bonds. He said nothing or the
son could have happened in San Fran
cisco.4 ENGLISH SLOOP LOST
vONDON, .May 4 The officers and
13 men are missing as the result of
the naval disasters reported tonight
by the British admiralty. The Sloop
Cowslip was torpedoed and sink April
25 'and five officers and one man are
missing, and torpedo boat number 90
foundered and from her one officer
and 12 nren are missing.
COLLINS &
BRETHERTON
We Specialize In
JEROME
AND
OATMAN
STOCKS
Jack Bldg., Main Street
Phone 26 Box 1129
HERBERT GRSBBLE PHONE 691
Contractor and Builder
ESTIMATES AND PLANS
FURNISHED
Wm. McDOUG ALL
OPPOSITE LINCOLN SCHOOL
PHONE GREEN 728
CHICHESTER S PILLS
W TIIK 1IAMUM BRAN.. A
1MAMUND HKA.NU Pll.l.M, t A
rftr know H BeM. Siftst Alwavi kelial la
SOLD BY DRLGGIS1S VERinhTRE
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully 8ollclt Your
Patronag
PHONE S3
w
Large wages all spent do not represent
as good a condition as a smaller income
and part of it saved.
In other words It's what ycu save that
counts.
Open a Savings Account here. 4 per
cent -interest paid.
Bank with us.
You've Been Earning forj Years?
Has it cost you every dollar of it to live?
- " These are pertinent questions, but the man who
answers them honestly to himself will feel the time
has come to start .a Savings Account with this bank,
save for the future and get 4 per cent Interest.. .,.,-
ITriinkltOver!-
CITIZENS BANK & TRUST COMPANY
Main Street ' - Bisbee, Arizona
When You Think of Building
Think of
LUMBER
J. W. F. SMITH
Manager
Bisbee Lumber Company, inc
EMIL MARKS, .MGR.
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
AND HIGH CLASS CAFE
The, best of everything at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 60c luncheon daily. Also $1.00 dinner from
5:30 to 7:30 p. m. Regular Board by the month, $4U;
$10 by the week.
Henry Poppen, Manager.
One Hundred Million Americans
Must Enlist to Win the War
He one of the hundred million Americans to help win the war. Plan
to buy all the bonds you can. This is your part and no one else can
do it for you.
Get into the fight! Join the crowd ! Do it Now!
INVEST IN
LIBERTY BONDS
SPACE DONATED BY
ARIZONA INSURANCE AGENCY
T. A. HUGHES,
THE DAILY REVIEW WANT ADS BRING RESULTS
ON-HINES
COMPANY
Phone 88
The Body of
Our Paint
is pure white lead. It is mixed with
turpentine or pure linseed oil so
cording to whether it is to be used
for in or outside work. There Is no
grit in it; no adulterants to make
its manufacture cheaper. Paint ex
perts, always get their supplies
here. Wouldn't it be wise tor you
to follow their example.
LOWELL CAR' STOP.
PHONE a.
MANAGER
i JP-IW FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MAY 5, 1918.
tor-
Pis
M
Arizona, to Spend $3,000,000 on Good Roads
TIRE TROUBLE TABLE
AN AID TO MOTORISTS
f":-uw'.n, ' -vVfi .?v.-' "'1fW-f Z?-i WV.-it,.i.,.
In order that motorists, regardless
cf what kind of tires they use, way
be chip U: diarnoso the cause of their
particular ti-e 'rouble, with some de
gree of precision, Hyde & Strack the
local agency lor United fetates and
Fisk tires, have just issued an inter
esting table. By referring to it own
ers can in most cases spot the cause
and take means of preventing future
trouble of like character:
(1) Unsatisfactory tread wear
caused by:
Wheels out of alignment.
Poor road surface conditions.
Too much power.
In-proper use of brakes.
Disintegration from oil.
Skidding.
Under-inflation.
Cutting of tread rubber from sharp
stones.
(2) Seperation between the plies of
fabric, and separation of the tread
from the carcass caused by:
Riding flat.
Rirtinc; under inflated. "
Punishment on rough roads.
Water soaked. '
Overloading.
Heating from speeding.
Started by cuts.
(3) Fabric breaks and carcass blow
outs caused hy:
Overload.
Under-inflation.
Stone bruise.
Flexing of the carcass fabric (after
long service).
(4) Bead troubles caused by:
Under-inflation.
Overloading.
Bent rims.
Injured in applying.
Riding flat.
BUICK LIGHT SIXES
ARRIVE IN DISTRICT
i rieavoring to secure more cars for tbi.-
j territory. Although he can not tell
; whether he will get them, those who.
; are on the market for a new motor
j car had better place their order in the
j immediate future in oruVr to be sure
of receiving delivery.
WRIGHT VISITS DOUGLAS
Manager Wright of tht Willard
Storage Battery "Service Station at
Uowell, is no dividing Lis time e-
tween the local branch and his Doug-
las service station. Hunuredsof local
I motorists now make it a rule to have
j the Willard experts inspect the bat
Iteries of their respective cars each
month and only by this way can Ion;;
battery life be expected.
CHANDLER IS A BEAUTY
Manager Ed Plumb of the local
branch of the Southern Arizona Auta
company is justly proud of a Chandler
six cylinder sportster model which ar
iticu at the local salesroom recently.
The car is a beauty and dozens of In
torcrtfd people have inspected the car.
REPUBLIC TIRES ARRIVE
The Southern Arizona Auto com
pany received a carload ot the popular
valve-in-the-head Huick Light Six and
four cylinder cars during the past
week and Managed Ed Plumb has al
ready sold and delivered one five-passenger
model. Plumb advises every
one to call and inspect these bpauti
ful cars, for It will be months before
the factory win be able to ship any
more, as it istworking on war orders
for the govenitnent.
George E. Jackson, president of the
ccmpany, is now in Los Angeles en-
The Western Vulcanizing Shop ro
(eived anoth'-r blj; shipment of Ra-
: public tires during the past week and
is now able to fill orders for any size,
la addition to building up a big tire
business, this progressive concern ba
one of the best equipped vulcanizing
shops In the Warren District.
Fair Motorists in Goodrich-equipped Siudebaker Delighted with Arizona Scenery
"From $750,000.
spent in 1917 to $
be spent this year on good roads, is
an Indication of the state's awakened
Interest in this vital issue," said J. J.
Towen of the Bisnee Auto Company,
local Goodrich tire dealer.
"In line with the policy .all over the
nation, figures just disclosed show
that the amazing total of $233,0!)5.010
will be spent this year on good roads
by the combined forces of government i
state and counties.
the sum Arizona "Yet, in spite of this staggering. pro
,000,000, which will 1 poriion, it is better than half of the
:amunt Secretary McAdoo announced
! a3 necessary for the relieving' of the
over-taxed American railroad system
er publicity, they can do the same for
Arizona.
"The work of the Goodrich National
Touring Bureau in the' good roads
In addition to the industrial advan-i cause of the state is particularly to be
tages, Arizona would derive another
benefit from her good roads. No oth
er state in the Union offers the scenic
and historical attractions to the mot
orist "See what good roads have done
j for California in this line. Wiih prop-
commended. For months, Seth Hud'
gins, th6 Road Scout for this division,
has been routing the highways. This
information is now being printed on :
cards, and will soon be available free j
for' the asking from any Goodrich tire j
dealer." , ''I
FRENCH OFFICIAL!?
PRAISES YANKEES
LOWELL MOTOR MAN
WILL TEST WHEELS
WASHINGTON, May 4. "Send at
once as many men as you can; build
as many ships as your shipyards can
turn out, and we will, all together,
win the war."
Edouard De Billy, deputy French
high commissioner just back from
France, said today "was the the mes
sage he brought to the American peo-
officers of lower ranks, ncighoors of
your battalions on the battle line and I
am very happy to bring you this;
message from France." !
putting American forces at the com- j Motor company, announced yesterday
mand of General Foch and toe part i be had received an instrument with i
plaved bv the representatives of the, wh'ch to test motor car wheels to as
United States In obtaining the agree- f certain if they were running true. Mr.
ment to coordinate which led to the
appointment of General Foch as Gen
eralissimo, ihe deputy commissioner
declared, went to the very heart of
every Frenchman. Regarding the fut- j
ure, he said: i
"I will answer frankly that I look j
orward to the future with absolute j
confidence, notwithstanding the enor
mous difficulties of the moment and I
provided everyone understands his'
pie from the front. Materially as well ! duty towards our common cause. Ana
as morallv, M. De Bily said, the I your duty, Americans, is to make
lYench army is in splendid condition ! haste.
flam will give this service free of
charse to all mctcrltts and as wheel !
oat cf alifTr.ruent jiickly ruins tires, 1
every motorist should have the wheels :
of his car tested immediately.
Afthough the price of standard tires I
has increased 10 per cent during the !
past week, Mr. Main received a wire j
yesterday from the Gates Half Solo i
Tire factory that it, would not increase i
present prices until forced to do so,
snd therefore the Gates Half Sole
Tire is still selling at the old prices.
and the long war, with its great losses
and trying periods, has affected neith
er quality.
"I want to tell you," he said, "what
a high opinion all the French officers
who have seen your boys in the
trenches, have expressed of the Amer
ican men and soldiers. I heard this
unanimous praise from the command
ers of our armies as well as from the
"The collapse of Russia has allowed i
Germany to bring new troops to the
western front. They are now outnum
bering the allies. The question of
man power on our side Is-thus becom
ing the vital point Consequently,
the training ot American troops and
their transportation to the ether side
must be carried out on a scale unfor
seen a few months ago."
RIFLES ARRIVE
The rifles- for thf use of the his;h
" ! school cadets have just arrived. There
I are 70 of tnem ana tney are an ex.ici
j model of the Springfield rifle now be
, ing used by the army. As 4he mil
i itary year has just ended they will not
' te used until the fall semester start3
I in October. There w ill be no military
at the high school during the summer
' months.
C Although Standard Tire Prices Have Increased 10 Per
THE FAMOUS
Gates Half-Sole Tire
Is Still Selling at the
Same Low Price
WHICH MAKES IT THE CHEAPEST QUALITY
. TIRE ON THE MARKET.
Scores ot local motorists have forgotten tire troubles
by having us equip their cars with the GATES HALF
SOLE. Why delay? You will eventually use them,
so why not call and let us explain how you can double
your tire mileage and cut your tire bill for the year in
half. '
We have just received an instrument with
which to test your wheels. Call and let us .
tests the wheels on your car. It will cost you
nothing, for this 'u only one feature of our
free service.
Lowell Motor Co.
Opposite Central Theater
Lowell
r
Now Is the Time to Purchase a New
' Motor Car -
AS WE ARE ABLE TO MAKE IMMEDIATE DELIVERY ON
BUICK LIGHT SIX
AND FOUR CYLINDER MODELS,
... , i
Oldsmobile, Chandler
and Cadillac Eight
We have just received a carload of the famous valve-in-the-head
Bmcks, direct from the factory. You had better place your order
now as these cars will soon be sold (and 'we do not know when we
will receive another shipment.
- No matter what kind of a motor car you want, we can fill your
order, for we distribute America's best automobiles, manufactured
by the leading factories. From the Buick Light Four .Cylinder car to
the Cadillac Eight Cylinder motor car, you can take your choice.
We Demonstrate With Pleasure
Southern Arizona Auto Co.
Main Street
Warren District Branch
ED PLUMB, Manager.
Lowell
United States
TIKES .
THE BEST TIRE, BRAINS AND SKILL
CAN CONCEIVE THE BEST TIRE
MONEY CAN BUY. NOTHING BUT
QUALITY MILES PILED CN MILES TO
THE POINT OF LOWEST MILEAGE
COST COULD POSSIBLY ACCOUNT
FOR THIS GREAT FACT.
1
THE FIVE
Royal Cord, Nobby, Chain, Usco, Plain.
Plain Usco Chain
30x3 $15.20 $15.95 $18.05
30x32 19.75 20.70 23.50
32x3J2 22.90 24.05 27.00
31 x 4 30.20 31.70 36.85
33x4 32.25 ' 33.90 ' 39.50
34x4 33.05 36,85 42.85
"Royal Cords"
Have no equal, no rival,
about them,
Let us tell you more
yde & St acl
i
Sales and Service Station
Johnson Addition
Next to Borderland Garage
Phone 859
W:
ft
Mm
il
V
V
Have I Tested Your Battery
this Month?
Twice a month isSiot too often to get inside
facts to find out whether enough water has
been added whether the charge has been kept
up to the proper point whether avoidable
losses have occurred. '
A test takes only a few minutes.
ju,t a little precaution now may save you later from
the inconvenience of a motor that refutes to turn over
from lights that are dim when they should be brilliant
from actual damage to your battery.
When you come in be sure to remind us that you want
. to look at the Still Better Willard Battery which is the
only battery with the -Bone Dry" principle that is your
absolute assurance of setting a battery as new 68 tut flay
, it left the factory.
LOHMAN &3WRIGHT
Central Theatre Buildingil-
Lowell
III.!. I. I. .1! . Ill ..111
CooviWfci nkcaid. 191
'''''
Cuts! Gashes! Exposed
Fabric! Blow-outs!
Pr odium Voces Rubber
minimize this trouble
Prodium Process RuhW"(the new tread used
. exclusively on Republic tires) is so tough that
even newly crushed rock or sharp stones
doesn't cut and gash it.
It wears down as evenly and smoothly a a piece of fine
steel. After miles of service it looks like new. It keep
water away from the fabric, prevents rottins of the carcavi
of the tire, and mates premature blow-outs practically a
thing of the past.
Gt a sample strip of Prodium Process Rubber. Try to
break it. It's the toughest, stonjest tread stock ever used
on a tire. . . ,
REPUBLIC TIRES
?tgGaRd,plain. and wmt.reads
Made In Ih Styluk BUck Tid
Western Vulcanizing Shop
Johnson Addition THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MAY 5, 1918.
FIVE
REVISED LIST" MEM
GALLED TO REPORT
ON NEXT SUNDAY
Names of Those Who Will
Report on Next Sunday in
Tombstone for Entrain
ment to Camp McDowell.
Klnvig, Robe N., Douglas.
Daly, Patrick, lxwell.
Eravin, John Ellery, Tombstone.
Byle, Chas., Bisbee.
Manila, Charles, Port Riehey, Fla.
Mulroc, Michael, Erie, Venn.
Georgepoolos, A., Settle, Wash.
Crane, Oscar V., Bisbee.
Beener, Fred, Douglas.
Washburn, G. M., 13isbee.
Aniada, Jose, Pearce.
Orton, A. S., Itisbee.
Greenwade, T. E., Clifton.
Johnson, Harpson, Bisbee.
Langerin, Francis L., Uisbee.
Miller, Jas. Albert, St. David.
Thomas, Alex, Uisbee.
'Wolconib, J., Globe.
Hampton, Hulsey, Yuma.
Jackson, Lester II., Garlield, Utah.
Following is the revised list of
drafted men completed yesterday by j
Chief Clerk H. L. Hutchinson of the i
local board, who will leave from Tomb
stone on Monday the 13th, for Camp j
McDowell, Calif. There were a large j
number of transfers out of the 55 meu
called to report here which will cut j
the number of men actually leaving .
from here down to 52, Including sev-,
eral transfers from other boards. Kol i
lowing Is the revised list of those who
will go:
Lindsey, W. C, Douglas.
McGee, Fred Homer, Douglas.
Blancas, Frank, Douglas.
Lyons, J. M., Los Angeles.
Lee, Wm. Powell, Paradise.
Hernandez, Toribio, Chiricahua.
Nichols, Johnston, Lowell.
Sanders, W. V, Paradise.
Aston, Zeno, Garces.
Richards, Prentiss, Douglas.
Metsopoulos, Theo., Douglas.
Garcia, Ernest E., Bisbee.
Goodman, Wm., St. David.
James, H. S-, Bisbee.
Beeman, W. S., Bisbee.
Dermody, J. H., Bisbee.
Fourr, Roy 0 Dragoon.
Thomas, Oscar M., Mascot, Ariz.
Thorn, Martin L-, Willcox.
Boggs, J. B., Lowell.
Miller, Frank, Bisbee.
Bryor, W. B., Bisbee.
Stico, M. A, San Antonio, Tex.
Engle, Edgar E.. Bisbee.
Collins, Lawrence, Cananca.
Gibson, Jay, Phoenix.
Reed, Jas. R.r Durango, Cal.
Worthing, R. W, Douglas.
Ashman, W. G.. Bisbee.
Peeler, L. L, Douglas.
Patterson, T. L., Navascota, Tey.
Kozal, Vadeniar, Chicago, 111.
BETWEEN DOCTORS
Disagreements between doctors ai3
proverbial. One will tell you that
serum injections for blood disease
is the proper treatment and uses about
25 cents worth of med'cina and
charges you $25.00. Another will mak?
the statement through the column.-: of
a medical journal that injections of
arsenic and mercury known as salver
san. non-salversan and the like cause
risk of life but they all agree that
thsy treated the disease successfully
before the discovery of sal versa n and
other nostrum serum injections that
are administered at almost prohibitive
prices. Alteratives entering into Num
ber 40 For The Blood, change in some
inexplicable manner certain morbid
conditions of the system and are indi
cated in. specific blood poison, scrof
ula, chronic rheumatism and catarrh.
nervouB diseases, paralysis, arterio
sclerosis, glandular tubercles, lumps,
tumors, fistulous and carious ulcers,
copper colored spots, mucous patches,
etc. No. 40 is made by J. C. Menden
tall, Evansville, lnd.
Sold exclusively in Bisbee. at Cen
tral Pharmacy, opposite Orpheum: in
Lowell, by Ixwell Drug Co.; in War
ren, by Barron Drug Co.; in Douglas,
by Owl Drug Co. Adv.
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
FRUITMAN'S T ADIES' TAILOR
ashionable and IMPORTER
Tailors and Dressmakers' Supplies
Pleating and Hemstitching Buttons and Buttonhohs
Woolens and Linings
HUGHES BLOCK Phone 74 BISBEE
YOUNG MRS. WINTHROP
ALUMNI PLAY, SCORES
HIGH WITH AUDIENCE
Monday night at the high school
auditorium the alumni association
presented what was termed the best
Jiome talent play ever presented in
Bisbee. "Young Mrs. Winthrop" was
a complete success from every stand
point. The acting was far above the
ordinary and many were there who
commented upon the professional
technique of the players. The re
ceipts were larger than anticipated
and showed that the good people of
Bisbee apprtviate worth while shows.
It is now assured that the alumni
members who are attending higher
institutions of learning and depending
on the association, in part or in full,
for support, will be kept in school
and permitted to finish their courses.
The play itself was different from
anything before presented in the dis
trict. It deals with a sociological
problem, wherein a wife neglected by
her husband for his business serks
sclace in the whirl of fashionable life
and they drift farther and farther
apart until tJie death of their only
child breaks the last link that held
them and they separate. The title
role was played by Miss Anna Davis.
It is scarcely necessary to comment
upon the work of Miss Davis so well
known is her talent. Her part was
an extremely difficult one to play and
she played it with all the skill and
unconsciousness of a star. Douglas
Winthrop, the husband, was portray
ed by Euwell Hudson. His acting
was excellent. Mr. Hudson has ap
peared several times in the field of
local dramatics and was seen to best
advantage in this play where he was
best able to display .his dramatic abil
ity. Herbert. Douglas's nephew, was
played by Herbert J. Burrows. Mr.
Burrows' voice is excellent for stage
work and although this was his first
appearance on the stage his acting
was of a high order. Opposite him
Jennie Warren played the part of
Edith, the blind sister of Constance..
Miss Warren's acting had no louch of
the amateur in it and many were the
complimentary remarks heard about
the young lady's portrayal cf her dif
ficult role. It is a tribute to the abil
itv cf both Miss Davis and .Miss War
ren that the audience shed real tears
during the act in which occurs the
death of the little one. Harry Croc
kett played the part of Buxton Scott
the lawyer and friend of the Winthrop
family. His efforts to win back the
two wrong headed young people who
had strayed from each other won t-':e
hearts of Uie autiicnce to the old law
yer for his kindly words and unsel
fish love for both of the young people.
Mr. Crockett is an actor of considera
ble ability and has appeared In a
great many school and other amateur
productions. His part contained con
siderable humor and judging from the
applause he rt-eived his acting was
appreciated by the entire audience.
Mrs. Ruth Winthrop, played by Ma
mie Riddle, was an especially strong
part and vlie was very Rood indeed.
As the mother of Douglas Winthrop
she was placed in a trying position
by the separation of her son and
daughter-in-law both of whom she
loved dearly. Her part was somewhat
difficult to play and filled with heart
interest as she tries to solve the prob
lem that confronts her children. Grif
fith Williams, Jr., as the butler in the
Winthrop household, was fine. A bet
ter butler could not be imagined. Stiff
and formal, he was the typical butler
of the fashionable household. ' Yda
I'aff created more merriment with
her philosophy on the matter of men
than a box of monkeys. She was Mrs.
Dick Chetwyn who has seen lots of
men in love and married two of them.
She had had a doctor and a lawyer
for husbands at different times and
consequently, In her own words, knew
all that one woman needs to know on
the subject of men. Miss Paff got a
laugh every time she scuttled across
the stage and her entrances were the
signal for a general outburst of
laughter on the part of the audience.
Miss Paff is especially fitted for such
a part with her ever present humor
and happy frame of mind. Dr. Mell
banks, the family physician, was play
ed by Bradford Trenham.
Although the players all did excel
lent work the real credit for the suc
cess of the play belongs to Mr. Snider.
His ability to pick players for the
parts they fit is one of the factors for
the success of all his plays. His In
terest In alumni theatricals is sin
cerely appreciated by the association.
Miss Madge Chapman was advertis
ing manager and it is said this was
the best advertised local production
that has ever been presented in Bis
bee. Roswell Champion, as property man
was a very valuable man. This is a
part of the executive staff of a show
that seldom ever receives the credit
it should. Mr. Champion was very ef
ficient in his duties and the job of ob
taining the necessary properties for
a show is no easy one. I radford
Trenham was stage manager.
Mrs. Clarence E. Wittig as business
manager was a most valuable mem
ber of the staff. Her business ability
is well realized by the other members
of the alumni and they appreciate
her untiring efforts in keeping the
accounts of the association in apple
pie order.
LIST OF THOSE WHO
DID NOT RETURN
QUESTIONNAIRE
Will Be Listed as Deserters if
No Report Is Made on Their
Names Within Five Days
From Tomorrow.
reported by Casey Stites, chief clerk
for the Cananea Consolidated Copper
company. Two hundred and eighty
nine individuals, including several
.Mexican and Chinese, contributed to
the total.
Many of the subscriptions were se
cured througn the efforts of Mrs. Lu
cille G. Stidger, of this city, who wrote
personal, letters to nearly every resi
dent of the Four C camp. Subscrip
tions accredited to her totaled $3,100
at the close of the drive.
NORTH TIGRE WILL
BEGIN DEVELOPMENT
Following is a list of delinquents of
men who have failed to return their
questionnaires, but on which no re
turn has yet been made to the adjutant
general, pending investigation by the
local board, since when the question
naires were sent out they were re
turned to the board marked "in the
service." The board has been investi
gating but has been unable to locale
any of them iu the service, hence they
have been reported as delinquents, and
after the required time has expired
they will be certified to the adjutant
general as deserters if they fail to
show up for service before that time.
Following is the list:
Alverez, Francisco, Tombstone.
Humphrey, Jasper Lee, Lowell.
Austess, Percy Stanley, Lowell.
Harvey. Wm. Smith, Douglas.
Lane, John O-. Douglas.
Adams, Felly Albert. Central Bridga.
Smith, Harry H., Douglas.
Molinar, Jesus. Courtland.
Coble, Albert G., Douglas.
Cole, Albert. Paradise.
Wiles, Geo. Edward, Bisbee.
Harper, Wm. Jacob. Escondido, Cal.
Molinar, Victor, Courtland.
McQueen, H. P.. Lakeport, Colo.
Martinez. Jose. Courtland.
Nixon, J.. Bisbee.
Jones, E. D.. Bisbee.
Crackas, C. E., Douglas.
Stockton, Lex. Bisbee.
Liggett, Wm.. Bisbee.
Johnson, Ivan, Bisbee.
Whalev, Henry, Detroit.
Bird. W. H., Uisbee.
Lopez. Isidro, Bisbee.
Androda, Pastor, Turner. Arizona.
With the coming of higher prices
lor silver and precious metals, the new
management of the North Tigre, lo
cated In Sonora, have, started work
and will soon be shipping. The old
workings are being cleaned out and
a new milling plant is being installed.
The North Tigre mine has been
operated from time to time, and a
large amount of high grade ore has
been shipped from the property, b-it
there has been little or nothing dona
on the property for the past several
years.
The new management will do ex
tensive development work, which will
carry them directly toward the El
Tigre property and Into the same for
mation in which the El Tigre has
found its rich oil bodies.
DIRECTORS TO MEET
(fiy Review Leased Wire)
OMAHA, May -f-War Savings di
rectors from 15 states west of the
Mississippi river will meet in Omaha
Mo::day with Frank A. Vanderlip,
'hair!ir:n of the National War Savings
committee to adopt a uniform plan of
War Savings work for the central anl
western states.
CANANEA SUBSCRIBES
FOR LIBERTY ISSUE
Total subscriptions for the .third
Liberty loan by residents of Cananea
as reported last night to J. N. Gaines,
chairman for this county, had mounted
on the final day to 70,500, of which
more than S50,m0 was subscribed
through Bisbee banks, to be accredited
to this district. One week ago the
Sonora camp reported $6.0'0 sub
seibed. No company subscriptions are in
cluded in these figures, which were
INSPIRATION CENTRAL
HAS PROMISING LAND
Inspiration central mining company
is working in a new, but undeveloped
field, in the Turnbull mountains in
Graham county. They have been at
work since November, 1916, opening
up the property.
According to engineers" report the
property can be developed to a depth
of some 1.5O0 feet before shaft sink
ing will be necessary. The showing
nade to date has IVen very good and
officials are optimistic In their hope
that soon they will have a producing
and paying mine.
LITTLE GIRL WOULD
DRESS STORE DOLLS
Since the publication a week ago in
the Review of a story of dolls at the
Phelps Dodge store, letters from the
small girl residents of the district to
the manager of tnu toy department
have oetn numerous. None of the
dolls sold iu this department are Ger
man toys but the letters have inquired
tor all s.orts of information.
Yesterday tlra most original and
brightest letter of the lot was received
from a tot of the Warren District, who
applied for a 'job' dressing dolls. She
gave references, and proved her abil
ity, too, in applying.
WHITE FLOWERS TO
SIGNAL CELEBRATION
OF "MOTHER'S DAY"
Just a little white flower, a carna
tion in the button hole, will carry a
world of sentiment and meaning with
its fragrance and beauty on next Sun
day. Throughout the nation, on this
day of days, sons will remember their
mothers. Mothers' Day, this Sunday
will be called for the mothers.
A world of interest is centered in
Mothers' Day this year. Perhaps it
will be the most auspicious Mothers'
day in the history of the tradition. At
any rate, on the battlefields of France
in the army cantonments of the Unit
ed States, everywhere, will men in
the khaki of Uncle Sam's army don
the white flower in remembrance of
a mother somewhere in the U. S. A.
In Arizona the day will be officially
recognized. White carnations will be
worn throughout the Warren district.
The following proclamation of the
governor has brought the occasion to
the attention of men throughout the
state:
"Since our country has entered up
on the war for the freedom ot the
world, I have made many calls upon
the people of this state appealing to
their patriotism and often to their
generosity. The response has always
been immediate and spontaneous.
And so in making this proclamation
it is with the feeling and the hope
that the answer will come from every
corner, from every home, and from
every heart in the state.
"The second Sunday in May has for
the past few years come to be accept
ed as Mothers' Day. This year it
seems that every day Is Mothers Day.
The soldier goes to his duty tuned to
the excitement of the .hour and the
companionship of his fellow-soldiers;
the wage-earner goes to his work with
the firm determination to do his ut
most but the mother must stay at
heme with her many duties, to be
sure out always with the solitary
thought that the lives she has brought
into the world are somewhere on the
field of battle. Hers is the real, the
greatest sacrifice. All that can sus
tain her is the belief, the surety, that
the sacrifice she makes will insure
for the mothers of tomorrow a world
made free for the bearing of their
children.
"Therefore, with a prayer in our
hearts and a smile of comfort on our
lips. I ask the people of Arizona to
dedicate the 12th day of May to the
mothers. May God bless them and
keep them.
"IN WITNESS WHEREOF. I have
hereunto set my hand and caused the
Great Seal of Arizona to be affixed.
"Done at Phoenix, the Capital, this
6th day of March. A. D. 191S.
(Seal) "GEO. W. P. HUNT.
Governor of Arizona.
v - . . m
Capitalization, 2,000,000 Shares; Par Value, 10 Cents, Fully Paid and non-assessable.
400,000 Shares Outstanding, All of Which Is Pooled with the Corporation Commission
Arizona - Verde
Oil
C
ompaiiy
(ORGANIZED UNDER THE LAWS OF ARIZONA)
TREASURY, 1,600,000 SHARES
A Plain Statement of Facts and Conditions
Without Camouflage
PROPERTY AND LOCATION
The Company owns by deed to the Company SS0 acres and control an addi
itional 3,000 acres; all of this land 1s located in the VERDE VALLEY,
ARIZONA. The holdings of the Company are considered by GEOLOGISTS
and PRACTICAL OILmen to be the choice "PROSPECTIVE" OlLrll EAR
ING LAND of this District.
GEOLOGISTS
Many Geologists of note have niiide examinations of tiis di:.tn t. Such men
as DR. ET1ENNE A. RITTEU. E. RONALD SAGER. DR. .1. S. TEM PLIN,
LESTER SCOTT and MILTON A. ALLEN, State Mineral Technologist. The
State of Arizona has published a bulletin on the report of MR. MILTON A.
.ALLEN, MR. E. RONALD SAGER. in his conclusions in his report, says: "1
HAVE NEVER SEEN ANY OTHER UNTESTED LOCATION THAT PRE
SENTED SO MANY FAVORABLE FEATURES AS THIS ONE. THE GEO
LOGICAL CONDITIONS ARE CORRECT."
FORMER WORK
In this district some years ago. a well was bored (not cased) to a depth of
1.650 feet. The log of this well is now in the possession of this Company.
This bore failed to reach a depth where oil in commercial quantities could
be expe'-ted to be found, due to inexperience, but chiefly to lack of proper
financing. However, OIL SAND and OIL SHALE were found and there are
many reliable citizens in the Verde Valley as well as In Prescott that will
vouch for this fact, as they saw the oil at the time the well was being bored.
Nothing lias since been done in this field.
INTENTIONS .'
It has been claimed by many laymen, that there is "NO OIL IN ARIZONA."
We know this is not a fan. as OIL has been found in the CHINO VALLEY
and VERDE VALLEY. But Oil in COMMERCIAL quantities is a different
matter. There have been attempts to prove this fact but they ha"ve been
attempted only. It is now the INTENTION" of the ARIZONA-VERDE OIL
COMPANY to prove, if possible, this very fact and they fully realize that
t'ere is but cue way and that is by the DRILL. To this end they have or
ganized this Company. They know as far as it is possible to know, that they
hae the choice of the "prospective" oil land in that district, the manage
ment of the Company is in efficient hands, and they are going to prove, if
possible, that OIL IN COMMERCIAL QUANTITIES exists in this field.
PROPOSITION
This is a "GAMBLE" taken by the COMPANY ami YOU if you become a
stockholder in thi.-i Company. The organizer of the Company have goiio
into the nutter as carefully as possible, weighing the chances of success or
failure and h3ve concluded that the chancer for success are GOOD, there
fore they are asking the public to Join them in this venture. OIL today is
one of the great needs of the Government in the carrying on of the great
world war. and If success comes in Uiis venture it means the enriching of
our Country and State and it means a fortune to the stockholders.
OFFERING
The ARIZONA-VERDE OIL COMPANY through their agent. THE COLE
' MAN BROKERAGE COMPANY, of Prescott. Ariz., are offering for sub
scription and purchase SOo.000 shares of their TREASURY STOCK at FIVE
CENTS (5c) PER SHARE! Seventy five CmU (T5ct of each Dollar goes
Into the Treasury of the Company for Development and Treasury purposes.
The balance is to cover the commission expense of selling the stock.
OUR TERMS '
Slock in blocks of over One Thousand Shares cm be bought on the partial
payment plan One-quarter down and the balance in t'iree equal payments
of thirty, sixty ami ninety days. From One Thousand shares down. cash.
You are assured of an honest administration cf the Company affairs and
you are aiso assured of an "honest run" tor the money invested Prospe.tus
and application blanks will ul.ully be mailed upon application to the Corn
application blanks will glauly be mailed upon application to the Company"
Brokerage Company and make it. The books for sunsenption are now open.
ARIZONA-VERDE OIL COMPANY
Prescott, Arizona
You will please enter my subscription for
shares of the Treasury Stock of the ARIZONA-VERDE OIL CO., at 5 cents
per share, fully paid and non-assessable.
Enclosed you will find remittance of J
in full payment of same.
Name
( Siii name in full.)
Address
City or Town
Cut out, fill in and mail. III. ID
ARIZONA-VERDE
01
COMPANY
By Coleman Brokerage Company Agent
Prescott, Arizona
OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS
HARRY V. HEAP, President Business man and May.- of Prescott, Ari
zona. GEO. V. JOHNSON. Vice-President Heavy stockh, Mcr and l'.i snaser of the
Binghampton mine.
E. A. KAS1NER. TreasurerMerchant and business niau of Prescott, Ari
zona. II. C. STOREY. Secretary Superintendent S. F. I' i P. Uy.. Prescott.
Arizona.
C. C. CALLAWAY, Director ranker and Farmer, Camp Verde. Arizona.
CHARLES H. HOOKER. Director Capitalist and cattleman. Los Angeles,
California.
T. F. SHEA. Director Merchant and mine owner. Jerome, Ariz. THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MAY 5, 1918.
SIX
ViNDICTIVE'S CAPTAf
MB
ES
ATTACK ON ZEEBRUGGEE DEFENSES
ABOARD H. M. S. VINDICTIVE IX i this expedition was that we could not
DOVER-HARBOR. Mav 4. A corres- have open practice of what we con
pondent of The Associated Press vis-l templated doing for fear the enemy
ited the cruiser Vindictive todav a.sltuiglit get infcrmation of the plan.
lish took more than "iiO prisoners.
J Dispatches from Paris"1 announce
Ithat another of ihe German long range j
guns enpageu in ooinharrting tiie
French capital has benn put out of :ic-;
tlon through a direct hit by the French
artillery.
the guest of Captain Alfred F. B. Car
penter, who commanded her in the
expedition last Tuesday against the
German submarine base at Zeebrug
gee on . the Belgian coast.
Captain Carpenter received the cor
respondent with his arm in a sling
frcm a shell splinter wound. The ship
showed inumerable signs of conflict.
The commander, during the attack,
was at the end of the bridge in a
small steel box or cabin which hod
AH the men were tuned up to, a
hiph pitch and it was with very anx
ious hearts that we waited for a suit
able time to strike, knowing that ev
ery day we waited there was a great
er chance of our secret leaking out.
Viaduct Blown Up
"Fifteen minutes after the Vindic-
GERMANS DECLARE
FRENCH ASSAULTS
ON KEMMEL FAIL
(Continued from Page On)
They founj
tions to the third line.
not a single German.
The attvtk was on a Gorman salient.
The artillery completely levelled the
German positions and the pioneers fin
ished the job by blowing all the enenw
works, thus eliminating the salient.
A German raid, which it was ex
pected would be carried out on tn
Nogafes Mayor
Fines Autoist
InWar Stamps
tive arrived alongside the mole. our8P,.tor s,mtn f Verdun, failed to ns.r
submarine exploded under the viaduct
connecting the mcle with the mam-
I land. The Germans had sent a con
been especially constructed to house sidpi.auje force to this viaduct as soon
a flame thrower. Captain Carpenter. as t!ie submarine arrived and these
in his account of the part taken by , n)on werp gathered cn the viaduct at
th Vindictive in the raid, said to ! .-..i, ;r ollr cniimarine with machine
The Associated Press:
. "Our chief purpose in the fxpedi
tion was to distract the attention ot
guns. When tie explosion occurred
the viaduct and Germans were blown
inn together. The crew of the sub-
the battery while the block ships ran marine consisting of six men, es
in, especially the battery of 11 inch capej 0n board a dingy motor launch,
guns w hich occupied a commanding Kariy jn tne fighting a German
position at the tip of the mole. Ourjsheu flecked out our howitzer which
ship was elaborately prepared for the ; nad DPen getting in some good shots
terialize.
business of landing soldiers on the
ion a big German seaplane stationed
mole which was of stone forty feet : on ,he moie naK miie away. This
high and fifteen feet above the Vin
dictive's top deck at the state of the
tide when the attack tcok place.
Followed Out Plans
"W!e had a special superstructure
is the largest seaplane station in Bel
gium. Unfortunately, our other guns
could not be brought to bear on It.
""The shell which disabled the how
itzer killed all the members of the
over the upper deck and three long ; gun crew. Many men also were killed
gang ways of 'brows' which were des- by a German shell which hit the mole
ignated to take the men up to the clcse to our ship and scattered frag-
level of the mole as soon as we got ments of steel and stone among the
alongside. Exactly according to the
plans, we ran alongside the mole, ap
proaching it on the port side where
we were equipped with specially built
buffers of wood two feet wide.
"As there was nothing for us to tie
up to we merely dropped anchor there
while the Daffodil kept us against
the mole with her nose against the
opposite side of our ship. In the
lairly heavy sea two of our three
gangways were smashed but the ihird
held and five hundred men swarmed
up this onto the mole. This gangway
was two feet wide and thirty feet long
"The men who went up it included
three hundred marines and one hun
dred and fifty storming seamen from
the Vindictive and fifty or so from
the Daffodil. They swarmed up the
steel gangway carrying hand gren
ades and Lewis guns. No Germans
succeeded In approaching the gang
way, but a hard hand to hand fight
took place about 200, yards up the
mole toward the shore.
"The Vindictive's bow was pointed
toward the shore so the bridge got
the full effect of enemy fire from the
shore batteries. One shell exploded
against the pilot house, killing nearly
all of its ten occupants. Another
burst In the fighting top, killing a
lieutenant and eight men who were
doing excellent work with two pom
poms and four machine guns.
Batteries Diligent
"The battery of 11-inch guns at the
end of the mole was only 300 yards
away and it kept trying to reach us.
The shore batteries also were diligent
Only a few German shells hit our hull
because it was well protected by the
wall of the mole, but the upper struc
ture, masts, stacks and ventilators
showed above the wall and were rid
dled. A considerable portion of our
casualties were caused by splinters
from these upper works.
"Meanwhile, the Daffodil continued
to push us against the wall as If no
battle was on and if the Daffodil had
failed to do this none of the members
of the landing party would have been
able to return to the ship.
"Twenty-five minutes after the Vin
dictive had reached the wall thA first
block ship passed in and headed for
the canal. Two others followed in
leisurely fashion while we kept up
the fight on the mole. One of the
Mock ships stranded outside of the
ranal, but the two others got two or
three hundred yards inside where
they were successfully sunk
the entrance
AMERICANS PRAISED
WITH THE FRENCH ARMY IX
FRANCE, May 4 (By The Associated
Press). An official note says:
"On May 3. 300 American soldiers,
after careful artillery preparation,
raided the German lines at Itog's
Wood In the Lorraine sector. pene
trating through the Germans first, sec
ond and third lines.
'The raid constituted the first time
that American infantry In this section
have appeared under the protection of
their on artillery."
INFANTRY ACTIVE
PARIS. May 4. The official state
ment Issued by the war office tonight
reads:
"There was no Infantry fighting dur
ing the course of the day. There were
reciprocal bombardments north and
south of the Avre river and also alopn
the Ailette river."
AUSTRIAN EMPEROR
(Continued from Page One)
ticularly acrimonious and appeared
that the government virtually had lost
marines assembling on the deck
around the gangway.
"The German fire was very hot all
the time we lay alongside the mole.
At times the German guns reached as
high as 40 shots a minute. During
the hottest part of the fighting I left
.y m .u. - j s majority when the Polish delegates,
went all around the ship to seehow desperately resisting the secession of
things were go ng The Dint of the tfc provice t0 ukrania,
men was excellent All they asked d wUh the Csech and Bohemjans
was, "Are we winning? who had ,onR persjstentIv oppoSpd the
"Half an hour after the block ships government because of the refusal to
went in we received the signal to i grand them neutrality,
withdraw. The Vindictive's siren was Ever since the convocation of the
then blown and the men returned j Reichsrath a year ago the Slav depu-
XOGALES, Ariz., May 4. Fines
for violation of traffic laws, with
the receipts therefore given in
thrift stamps, is a feature of traf
fic edupatipn and thrift stamp
campaigning here.
The town marshal recently took
his stand on a corner, where the
traffic is heavy, and began to halt
drivers of automobiles and other
vehicles, whenever Jie detected a
violation of traffic ordinance.
Given the ordinary traffic ordi
nance and the ordinary motorist,
the marshal said, he could always
find something to "Jiang on them"
and his thc,ry proved correct.
As every technical violator drove
up the marshal brought him to a
halt, assessed a fine, told the of
fender that the fine should be
paid on the spot and then offer
ed thrift stamps in the amount of
the fine by way of a receipt.
The plan worked, as the mar
shal turned in 216 to the thrift
stamp cemmittee after spending
only a few hours at his task.
HART LIKES TO PLAY
PART OF BADMAN IN
PHOTOPLAYS OF WEST
William S. Hart, who stars in "The
Apostle of Vengeance" at the Central
theater today, was raised on the plains
of North Dakota among the Sioux In-
l i i n a en Via 1mun cmaf hlntr I) Kfkll t
IS FACING CRISIS i making them rt-ue to life. Butwulle
! liis delineations constitute a wide gal-
from all parts of the mole and
thronged down the gangway. We put
off after having laid alongside just
about an hour. The Germans made
no effort to interfere with our geta
way other than to continue their hea
vy firing."
The heaviest casualties of the ex
pedition appeared to have been Inflict
ed on the personnel of the Iris, mUhy
on board being killed by a shell which
burst on deck. Of the casualties on
this vessel more than a third were
killed.
Funeral service for the men who
were lost will be held here tomorrow.
A memorial service for Captain H. C.
Hallihan, who commanded the sea
men's storming tarty, was held today.
WAR SUMMARY
(Continued from Page Ona)
approach to Mount Rouge, and the
British on Friday night strengthened
tlrei rlines in the vicinity of Hingc3,
northwest of Bethune.
The Somme front has been threat
ening to break out Into Its former
futrious activity for several days past,
but aside from the recent thrust by
the French which gained them com
manding ground In the Avre sector,
southeast of Amiens, and similar op
erations by the British around Villers
Bretonneux, just to the north" the
fighting has been left almost entirely
to ths artillery? The big guns nre
still booming threateningly in the
Avre region and elsewhere around the
great Montdldier salient, however.
British Defeat Turks
In Palestine the British have again
met and defeated the Turks in en
gagement In the vicinity of the river
ties have shown decided opposition
to the government's policies hamper
ing it in increasing tiie army and rais
ing loans. United action, however, was
lacking, and the government was able
to retain a majority in parliament.
Information reaching here now, how
ever, is that the Czech Jugo-Slav and
Polish deputies have formed a com
pact block to oppose the policies of
the Germanic Austrians. The adhesion
pf the three elements into a cohesive
group would give them a majority and
fear of this is believed to he the real
reason why Emperor Charles .has or
dered parliament dissolved.
lery of western figures, he prefers one
special type. This is the western
"bad man."
"I like him best," says Mr. Hart
"because he is the most maligned per
son west of the Mississippi, and 1 en
joy presenting him from the angle
that shows him for what he really Is.
I knew some famous western bad men
in the early days of the Dakotas, but
I never met one whose badness was
indicative of the real man. . .
A Billy West comedy feature will
help enliven the bill.
standing and confidence between em
ployer and employe, safeguarding tiie
rishts of each.
"Destroying the influence of th I.
W. W.
"Promoting efficiency and economy
in the state government and all the
departments thereof.
"At this tiiii when our government
is emplorlng lis citizens to invest
every dollar yes, every cent possible
in Liberty loans, and thrift stamps;
when the need is so Imperative; whu
the Red Cross, Y. M. C. A. and kindred
organizations must be supplied, bv
voluntary contribution, with funds to
carry on the great and necessary work
to vhlc'i 'hey are dedicated, it seems
to n:e to l- the part, at least of
!shnes! to expend any lare sum of
motif y ff-r campaign purposes, or to
even ctpend what would, in ordinarv
times, be deemed a reasonable aniounr.
Kirm in the beli.-r that the citizenship
f;f .Arizona competent to select its
public? servant without the advice ?
p.iid personal representatives of can
didate and Prni in the belief that any
one who ncy fo conduct his rainpaUi
will be rc-.nker ar the polls. I submit
my ciiiif'idacv.
"s:icerelv yours.
"SIDNKY P. OSBORN."
WENT DOWN HILL
'TIL GAVE OUT
Lost 28 Pounds and Could
Hardly Walk Tanlac
Restores Health
and Weight
REVIEW GIVES FREE
ALUMINUM WARE FOR
NEW SUBSCRIBERS
As a means to stimulate the pay
roent'of yearly subscriptions, thereby
cutting down office expense, the Mis
bee Daily Review is giving with each
yearly paid in advance subscription a
valuable kitchen utensil. The premium
is a solid aluminum double -boiler.
These boilers are sold in the local
stores at $2.23 each, but owing to our
having purchased a considerable quan
tity some time aeo. we are able to
offer this very desirable piece of kitch
enware absolutely free of charge.
This should appeal to every house
wife. They know well the value of
aluminum, its long life, durability, and
excellent cooking qualities. The "ease
with which it can be kept clean and
bright is another factor in Its popular
ity. On each paid in advance subscrip
tion for one year a saving of $1.!'
Is made besides the useful premium.
"A medicine that will get a man up
out ot bed anil increase his weight
twenty-six pounds in a few weeks
time, is certainly well worth talking
about and I'm willing fur the whole
world t'o know that this is what Tan
lac ha done for me," was the char
acteristic statement made by Christo
pher P. Jones, a grading foreman for
the Missouri. Kansas & Texas railroad,
living at l."22 MuKec strr -t. Dallas!
Texas, recently. Mr. Jones is a promi
nent member of the Fraternal Order
of Eagles, also an active Yeoman, and
is well known throughout thi.s section.
"l'p to a year and a half ago," con
tinued Mr. Jones, "my health was al
ways good, I weighed one hundred and
seventy pounds and hardly knew my
strength. But my stomach got in such
a bad fix that my food would sour
and I commenced to have bilious spells
and headaches. Then I developed
sciatic rheumatism and the pain in my
left hip and leg was frightful. Some
times at night, when I turned over in
bed, the, pain would almost make me
cry. and at times my head felt like
it would split it ached so bad. I was
also. badly constipated and had that
sluggish, tired feeling all the,time. I
tried numbers of treatments, lini
ments, ointments and every kind of
medicine I read of or heard about. I
even resorted to mineral baths, but
kept on getting worse until I had to
lie on the bed most of my time.
"When I took my first dose of Tan
lac I weighed only one hmdred and
twenty-eight pounds and when I f:n
ished my fifth bottfc? of Tanlac I had
gained it all back except two pounds.
I now weigh one hundred and sixty
eight pounds and Tanlac has relieved
my pain and limbered me up until I
can climb the tallest'ladder ever built
could work on a scafford if neces
sary and can walk any distance I
please and feel full of "ginger" all the
time. My stomach feels fine and I
can eat anything and as much as 1
want without it hurting me in the
least. It was last May when I began
on Tanlac and after taking my firt
bottle my pains t-?gan to leave me and
I commenced to feel stronger and bet
ter. Soon I felt so good I started back
to work and have kept it up ever
since aini I'm still feelin? fine and
in my opinion there's nothing equal to
Tanlac."
Tanlac Is sold in Iiisbee by J. M
Ball, in Douglas by Douglas Drug Co..
in Paradise by G. A. Walker, in liowio
by l!o.vie Drug Store, in San Si:u':i
by J. B. Cooke, in Willcox by A. A.
Nicholson, in Lowell, by Lowell Drug
Co., in Gleeson by B. A. Taylor. An--.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of The Interior
1. S. I.and Office at Phoenix. Arizona.
April 7. :':.:.
.OTKK is hereby piven tint
(.'h.'.rifs A. Martin, of Hertford. ri
7r'.:a,T ho, on June 5, 1&1.", rnnii"
Homestead Entry, No. 027:W"i. fur Lots
and 4. E' SW4. Section 31. Town
ship 2.:-S, Kanse 22 E. G & S R P. .
Meridian, has tild notice of intention
to make Three Year Proof, to estab
lish claim to the land above described,
r.efore j;ired D. Taylcr. r. S Cim-miss-ioner,
at I'.isbee, Arizona, on the
4th day of June, lt'18.
Claimant names as witnesses; Jo
seph Hammer. Frederick J. Murrt-ll.
Jacob C. Baker, George J. McCabe. .
all of Hereford, Arizona.
JOHN L
First publication 5-4.
Las: publication, 6-4.
1RVIN.
Register.
Richard Glaze, Oph. D.N.D.
Practice Limited to Eye and Nerve
Disorders.
Phone 156. Office and residence
first house wt of Masonic Temple,
Main Street. Bisbee, Arizona.
Glasses fitted by the latest methods.
BISSEE TRANSFER.
STORAGE & COAL CO.
Warehouse & Office' Opposite Depot
PHONES 640 and 50.
SIDNEY P. OSBORN
. BECOMES CANDIDATE
FOR GOVERNORSHIP
On a platform of speeding up war
work, promoting the spirit of under
standing between employer and em-
nlnve Hostrnrttnn nf the I V' V. nnil
REOPENING OF THE BERNER promotion of efficiency and economy,
RESORT ; Sidney P. Osborn. secretary of state
Ramsey Canon, with a Red Cross 1 since Arizona was admitted to the
Uenafit dance, Saturday, May 11, 1918. uni0n, has announced his candidacy
Under the management of Messrs Wil- ( for tne democratic nomination for gov
cox and Pryor, both of whom are well i ernor In the primaries' this fall. In a
known to the patrons of this famous (iong letter addressed to George Jay,
resort. Lof Warren, Osborn sets down his
Wo shall endeavor to please our pat- claims for support and his platform
rons and assure them that tho resort ' planks. In part his declaration of
will be conducted in a respectable and candidacy follows:
orderly manner. "In gneral, I pledge myself, if elect-
Your patronage is respectfully so-: cd governor, to "devote my time and
llcited. whatever of ability I ijiay possess, to:
LESLIE WILCOX. "Speeding up war work.
WILLIAM PRYOR. "Promoting a spirit of mutual under-
Jordan. Attacks by the Ottoman
across I trooDS on two successive days were
I beatisn off with heavy losses to the ;
One difficulty we had in preparing enemy and In the fighting the Brit-
.
TO THE
Working Man
Pictures of home folks
inspire our Soldiers of
Democracy with the cour
age that wins.
Your photograph for
your soldier.
BIX
"The Photographer in Your Town"
MAIN STREET . BISBEE
Good, Dependable
WORK SHOES
PRICED
$225
$2.98, $3.98, $4.98
Overalls, Waist or Bib $1.49
Men's Blue and Gray Chambray Shirts.. .69
Men's Blue and Tan ISport Shirts . for
work, short sleeves 69
Men's Two-Piece Underwear,
the garment 69
M en's Khaki Pants 1.49
Canvas Gloves 2 for .25
Canvas Gloves, pair 15
Canvas Glove Gauntlet, leather face 35
Mixed Color Work Socks, pair 10
Miners Lamps, Just Rite, 98c and 1.49
Miners Caps 19
"Where You Do Better"
Qfr OTri If
rr o
n 0
The Secret of Malting Big and Clean
Money is to Invest Your Money
1 Y U .
' i'
Savings in the Right Place, at the Right
Time, in the Right Way. That
Combination
. .'
"V".'..,
YOU WILL' FIND IN THE SHARES OF THE
Inspiration Central lining Co.
Not much has been said or noise made about this concern, but we have been going
ahead steadily with the work and made every lick count. Let me state right here! And
remember what I am telling you, that a lot of people with small means will be piling
up a fortune from a small investment in its shares, which is absolutely
THE
BEST INVESTMENT GOING
i
Why should not you ? Be Wise! Investigate for yourself and learn something worth
knowing. Read the Engineers' reports, and the Geologists arguments, why and where
it is so. See the men right here. Practical men that have visited the property, investigat
ed thoroughly, and invested to the limit of their ability. The Engineers. Geologists and
Mining Men that have visited the property, they all agree that INSPIRATION CEN
tral is the making of
Another Big Copper Mine
That is why men and women are investing every dollar obtainable. There is yet a little
stock to be had at the low price of 50c per share about one-fourth of what it is worth,
and a lot of people are realizing their opportunity and taking advantage of it. There
it is going fast, but if you hurry, you may get some of it.
Put your dollars to work where they can accomplish something worth while for you.
Come in and let us talk it over and give you some indisputable facts that you can not
dodge. An investigation will prove to you. that we are not guessing or gambling, but
are working on a firm and sound basis. That it is a straight, clean, square business
proposition. Therefore! You have now, right before you, the BEST OPPORTUNITY
you ever had in your life to pile up a fortune from a small investment in the shares of the
Inspiration Central Mining Co.
W. E. Tester, Pres. Chas. B. Yett, Vice Pres. J. A. Karlson, SecTres.
Main Office, Phoenix, Ariz. Temporary Office at Branch Office, Safford, Ariz.
QUICK SERIVE CAFE, LOWELL, ARIZONA
It means gold dollars in your pocket to come early. Investigate thoroughly and you
will not hesitate about investing. But you owe it to yourself to investigate.
FULL PARTICULARS AT THE QUICK SERVICE CAFE, LOWELL, ARIZONA THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MAY 5, 1918.
SEVEN
, 1
v!
4
i
r s
WEEKLY NEWS LETTER YOUNG
HEN'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION
OF WARREN MINING DISTRICT
I morning. Mr. Hill expects to take up
Y. M. C. A. work and came to a good
, live Y. M. C. A. to get his training
; He will begin work at once with the
cnani . l,w.al association
The membership May 1 was ISO'
which is undoubtedly the high water
mark for the association in the entire
southwest.
The Y. M. C. A. volley ball team
went to Tucson List week and cap
tured the loving cup given by the
Tucson association for the state
pionship. Phoenix, Miami, Douglas,
Tucson and Bisbee were supposed to
have been represented, but Miami,
Tucson and Bisbee were the only
trams represented. The first series
cf games were played between the
Miami and Bisbee association at 3:30 j jas Henderson recently employ
in the afternoon. TJie Bisbee team ed n ,he hardware department of the
won the first three games out cf five. : copper Queen Mercantile company, Is
The finals between I ucson ana lis- , another new Y. M. C. A. secretary
bee were played at iciu ana me nesi i wno will leave for San Antonio in
team had to win four out of seven few- days.
!,. ir.C3. The games were neck and,
.-HQ uie lull seven games .iau co , j Hae an oI(j tme niember of
. ayea 10 ae.iue uie wmner. . , ,he Bjsbee y M c A and a miner jn
'.ast game with three games won : th(j dJgtrict for m
t... each team Tucson led off with , for bis mail from Patagonia Hale
live points and reached eleven points . nnn nf ,h .. . mo . .
! the Irish Mag shaft when the Irish
by the time Bisbee had five. The Bis-
bee six took a sudden spurt and won
with a score of 15 to 12.
The games lasted for two and one
half Jiours. At six-thirty o'clock the
Tucson association served a splendid
dinner to the visiting teams.
The regular first team of the Y. M.
C. A. consists of Geo. Cobb, M. Krebbs
R. O. Owen, X. A. Bushnell, J.
Berry and R. It. Metcalf. Come in
and see the beautiful loving cup won
by the local team.
Mag was only a prospect. He is now-
employed at the Trench Mine at Pat
agonia.
W. S. Freeman, an enthusiastic
niember of the 'Y" and a miner in the
district for the past two years, ex-
army
pecis 10 leave tor one oi tne
' ran nnmnra In fi tout nova
A letter came to one of the secre
taries from Arthur Hill, one time
. member of the local "Y" and a wrest
ler and volley ball player. Arthur
left here sometime ago for El Paso
to join the medical corps. His friend
Dutzie, also a member of the "Y",
went jvith him. They were both
turned down for the medical corps so
Arthur joined the .coast artillery and
.is located at Ft. Crockett. Dutzie
joined the light artillery and remain
ed at Ft, I liss. Hill reports that he
holds the wrestling championship of
Camp Crockett.
Word has been received from Gen
eral Secretary A. B. Richardson that
he is now taking electrical treatments
and he expects to be back on the job
before long fully recovered and full
of his old time pep.
The A. C. Club held a special meet
ing last Tuesday evening. Hereafter
the club will meet every other Thurs
day evening, beginning Thursday,
May 9. The business session is to
be limited to one half hour followed
by a program and light refreshments.
Mr. and Mrs. P. F. HilJ arrived in
Bisbee from Los Angeles Wednesday
WOMEN Will CONDUCT
TAG DAY MONDAY FOR
' RELIEF OF WOUNDED
Alonzo Crittendoa expects to leave
Saturday night for El Paso and from
there for France. He will be one of
the army Y. M. C. A. secretaries.
Mr. Crittendon is one of the best
known members of the local Y" and
he leaves behind him a host of friends
With the sanction of the Warren
district commercial club and with the
national organization backing them,
members of the Warren District Am
erican Fund for French Wounded will
inaugurate Monday, May 6. a cam
paign in this district for the purpose
qf raising additional money to be de
voted to their work. The caninaian
will start on Monday with a "Tag
Day." The time alloted the women
for their 'work in the commercial
club sanction 'concludes May 12. Dur
ing the week ether means for raising
funds will be announced.
The work of the committees has
been well outlined and defined in the
following statement from Mrs. M. TZ.
M. Frantzen. chairman for the district
who will be in direct charge of tuis
work:
"For raising funds to aid the
French hospitals behind the firing
line and tho French ambulance corps,
this drive has been started. Since the
b'? battle began on March 20. the
French hospitals behind the firing
line have sent urgent anneals to the
funds committees in the I'nitcd States
for millions cf bandages and Dniamas
for the wounded. Their hospitals are
filled to overflowing, with not only
French wounded, but the wounded of
other allied armies. They are taken
care of until able to be removed to
their respective base hespitals.
"Often manv American mothers
sons are taken care of in these
French hosnitals until' removed to
their own Ited Cross base unH hospi
tals. So it is the wish of the Bisbee
committee A. F. F. W. f'at each and
every person buy a tac be as liberal
ps possible in this worthy cause.
"This committee was established in
Hisbre last September, and has made
rne of the finest of records, shipping
over two tons of clothing and shoes to
the women and children of devastated
Fnmce. During the nast 'hree weeks
the women f ive ni;ile dree larre ho
es of hospital and surgical supplies at
he two veirimms in Central and
Garfield s'hoels. They wish t.- ko"T
shipping hespital nnd snrgical snp
fitie bchnl the firing lin" as lone
as pee led "
Jim foilowire wjincn will a-sist in
the tag ddv wo'k:
Mrs. John ''hiti "ml Mrs. M K. M.
Frnn'Ton will ditril"e the tags
the p,;ink of Bisbee.
Mrs. T K. Williams. Mrs Mary
Pierre. Mrs. Arthur. Mrs. P- W. Per
n'H. and Mrs. .1. 1' T'ully. will '-(indue
the taninaivn in the business district.
Mrs. J F 1 nrc h unci Mrs. John
IT ''liev. i he Bank of Lowell.
Purvis of Miss Pi'ev's school "ill
ernd'ict the drive in .Usgervil'o.
I.oretta school minils will han'!"
the eamti'iicn in their school
All women eii'-Peil in the drive will
lm ilrrusfr (., white with French onus.
The smnll French flng will adorn the
arm. wli'le the stn:ill Ant.'iic;in flac
win 5 Low on the . The are
numbered, da'ri. and fie price is
printed on each one.
J!M DOUGLAS SENDS
MESSAGE TO FRIENDS
BY CHAUTAUQUA MAN
A personal message to his friends
and acquaintances and to every man
and women in Arizona from James
Douglas, formerly an Arizonan and
well known in this district, now in
France, will be read at the Chautau
qua this evening when Lincoln I.
Wirt, D. D., a government-accredited
lecturer, speaks on "With Our Annies
in Europe." Dr. Wirt met Mr. Doug
las while in France and at that time
took the message which he is to deliv
er to the residents of this district.
Dr. Wirt carries in addition to the
personal message from Mr. Douglas,
a pair of field shoes which have been
worn in France by the former Arizon
an. The shoes are worn and battered.
Mud stains cover them. The uppers
are almost as far gone as the soles.
The work of the men in France is tes
tified to by their appearance. They
are silent testimony of hardships and
tedious days. Dr. Wirt carries a mes
sage of the shoes with the mesage
from Mr. Douglas.
"Tell them in Arizona," said Mr.
Douglas to the lecturer, "that I wish
they could all see this country and
the work we are accomplishing. Then
they would realize the vastness of the
task we have undertaken. They
would then know what this war
means. I only wish I could show ev
ery resident of my state just what I
have seen since landing on these
stricken shores. I cannot. I must tell
them, and I take every opportunity of
sending them a message. They are
loyal, patriotic citizens, and will do
their share in the war; but I would
that they could have a full realization
of the war to enable them better to
carry their burden."
Dr.. Wirt was sent to Europe along
willi the Chautauqua lecturers from
a half-dozen other circuits by the Un
ited Slates government with the ex
press purpose of showing the lectur
ers what is being done in Europe in
crder that they may tell their audl
tnces from actual experience. He
sailed early in the present year on
what made his third trip to the war
zones. He was absent from this coun
try several months. During that time
he made a study under the guidance
of I'nited States and allied army of
ficers of conditions abroad, of the
problems which we must meet and
surmount, of the atrocities of the
Prussian, and of war as it Is fought
between the Hun and the armies of
the allies.
He returned to the United States
in the first week in April. Three days
after he landed in New York he be
gan his tour of the country on the
Ellison White chautauqua circuit. He
has now been away from the battle
fronts a little more than one month,
so that the material on which be will
speak is practically first hand and
authentic. It was a short time before
he sailed for the United States that
he nut Mr. Douglas, had a long chat
with him. and received the shoes and
perioral message to Arizonans, which
he will deliver Sunday evening.
Before Dr. Wirt speaks the Treble
Clef orchestra will pive a sacred prel
ude. In the afternoon the same or
chestra will play other sacred num
bers preceding the inspirational lec
ture by Ned Woodman. The program
in detail follows:
SUNDAY
Morning -Usual services in all the
churches
Afternoon Sacred Prelude
Treble Clef Orchestra
Inspirational lecture ...Ned Woodman,
K. W C. S. Vesper Services. All in
vited Evening Sac red Prelude
Treble Clef Orchestra
Government-Accredited Lecture
"With Our Armies in Europe"
.. , Lincoln I Wirt. D. D.
.Member Bed Cross Official Obser
vation Party sent under military
cs ovt to the trenches, spring. MIS.
MERCHANTS LUNCH
GERALDINE FARRAR
IN THE WOMAN GOD
FORGOT AT EAGLE
When the massive sets were built
for the production of ''Intolerance," it
wag thought the last word in the con
struction of photodramatic sets had
been reached, but Cecil B. deMIlle, the
famous producer, who is responsible
for the Artcraft production, "The
Woman God Forgot," in which Ger
aldine Farrar will be seen at the Eagle
theater today has gone even that fa
mous set one better.
In order to build the pyramid and
the city, a force of 300 carpenters and
stone masons were busy nearly two
weeks, working night and day.
In the photodrama the fighting Span
iards and Azetc warriors are seen
grappling with each other, and rolling
down the long sloping sides of the edi
fice, or being hurled from the top to
the ground below.
KAISER, FEATURE AT
ORPHEUM THEATER
Crowded houses greeted the open
ing of the great production, "The
Kaiser, the Beast of Berlin," at the
Orpheum theater last night and yes
terday afternoon, and the audiences
cheered and hissed as the dramatic
incidents of the play were unfolded.
It unanimously declared the greatest
war picture which has yet shown in
the district. It will show again today,
matinee and evening, and on Monday,
Tuesday and Wednesday.
CENTRAL THEATRE
TODAY AND MONDAY
CONTINUOUS 1 TO 11
TODAY AND MONDAY
- , t:. 4;; :rM WW HI
DIG DOUBLE BILL-
TRIANGLE PRESENTS RETURN SHOWING
" ;W ' ' 4 t;, : .
WRITER GETS CROSS
By Review leased Wire)
PARIS. May 3. Robert Berry who
for two years has been correspondent
of The Associated Press at French
army headquarters has been decorated
on the battle field with the cross of
the Legion of Honor by General An
thoine, acting on behalf of the com
mander in chief. General Petain,
whose urgent duties prevented him
from bestowing the decoration in per
son. The other American and four
Pritish correspondents also were decorated.
General Anthoine spoke of the un-
cbmparable work 'pf the American
nd Pritish press and said the decora
tions were awarded as coming from
soldiers for soldiers.
5 : r-
.0 ?JO
IN THE 6-ACT TYPICAL HART PLAY
"The Apestle of
Vengeance"
WM il. HART Uf SCENr. FROM TKIAN7.LE PLAY.
Apcsn. of vl::gea::c::
THE
RESUME PEACE PARLEYS
(Ky Review Loaaed Wire)
AMSTERDAM, May 4. The dele
gates of Rumania and the Central
Powers have resumed peace negotia
tions a Bucharest dispatch reports.
Several of the outsanding questions
have been settled and the conclusion
of the negotiations is being ap
proached rapidly.
A THRILLING DRAMA THE KIND THAT MADE
BILL FAMOUS
SHOWING HART AS, THE HERCULEAN YOUNG MINISTER, SON OF A FEUDIST, WHO IN A SHOW
DOWN KNOWS HOW TO USE HIS FISTS
ALSO
BILL.V WEST in "The Fly Cop"
A TWO-ACT COMEDY THAT'S REALLY FUNNY
I
ADMISSION CHILDREN, 15c; ADULTS, 25c.
I
J
AdditionaKity Briefs
FROM TOMBSTONE.
O. Gibson of the Gibson Abstract
company was in the city last evening
on a short business trip connected
with his company.
ON SHORT VISIT.
Sheldon jjams and Leo Hill were in
the city last evening on a short busi
ness trip 'from Tombstone. They re
turned late last night
VISITING SISTER.
Mrs. H. Holmes, wife of Lieut.
Holme's of the 10th field artillery, is
spending a few days here on a visit
to her sister, Mrs. W. F. Kelly.
HAVE RETURNED.
Frank Ariza and bride have returned
from a honeymoon trip to various
points of interest in the state. They
will make their future home in this
city.
IS IMPROVING.
Ruber Rae, who was operated on lor
appendicitis several days ago in El
Paso is reported to be very much im
proved and will be able to return to
his home in Douglas within the nixl
few days. This will be pleasing news
to his many friends in this locality.
ARE IN FRANCE.
Cards have been reecived here an
nouncing the fact of the safe arrival
in France of Ray Ryan, brother of
County Engineer Ryan, and Thomas
Cowen of Warren. Both young men
are well known here and went with
the first contingent from Cochis-j
county to Camp Funston.
ROYAL THEATRE
TODAY CONTINUOUS 1 TO 10:30 TODAY
IVAN FILM CO. Presents
CHRYSTINE MAYO, PAULA SHAY and JOSEPH
BURKE in
"A FOOL'S PARADISE"
A Society Drama in Six Parts
ALSO A TWO REEL M and R COMEDY
"MIDNIGHT FOLLY"
PICTURES CHANGE DAILY ,
ADMISSION:
BALCONY 5c LOWER FLOOR 10c
COMING TOMORROW GEORGE KLINE Presents
"BETWEEN SAVAGE AND TIGER"
Spectacle in Six Acts
ploy of the C. & A. mining company
for a number of years, was taken to
Tombstone yesterday where he will
be examined as to his sanity. He was
found "yesterday carrying around a
pair of brass knuckles and was' claim
ing that he was being pursued by men
who had threatened his life. Friends
have been noticing for the past few
weeks that his mind was failing him.
by the officers and taken to Tomb
stone. He was released on a 4000
bond and Dalphin held, not being able
to .'urnish tiie bond. It is claimed by
the arresting oliicers that Whitely
was standing on the road talking to
Dalphin and others who were with him
when they came up and that he tried
to make his escape. Two other men
with Dalpbiu made their escape.
DANGEROUS ALIEN ENEMY.
The local oftieei;s have been potine-l
to be on the lookout for Oswald Quans,
a Ssxcn. who was held in the Phoenix
iail and who escaped a few nights aso :
by removing about 100 bricks and mak-j
mg bis escape. He is reported to be;
a very dangerous alien enemy. He is J
wanted by tho feJeral authorities.
WARNING TO MORTORISTS.
Word has reached Tucson froia
Tombstone that an enterprising Mex
ican in the Vicinity of the Empire
ranch on the Tucson-Bisbee highway
has unlocked the dykes and fioodod
the road, making it impossible for a
car to cross cver without assistance.
However, the Mexican is always on
the spot and perfectly willing to ferry
the tars across for the modest sum
of 35 simeleons, thrift stamps not ac
cepted. Motorists Tucson-bound are
warned to carry 35 in currency or a
pontoon bridge.
TO CALIFORNIA.
J. L Temby, of the Bisbee Smoke
House, has resigned his position, and
left this morning .or Colton, ( Mi
iornia, where he has accepted a posi
tion with the Edison Electric com
pany. Hi has been a resident of Uie !
clistiict for th past 19 years and has'
hosts of friends here who wish him
the best of success in his new field.
SHORT VISIT.
Johnny Bravin of Tombstone was in j
the city yesterday on a short visit to
friends. He was formerly employed
in the Phelps-Dodge store here for a
number of years. He has been called!
to leave for Camp McDowell on next ;
Monday with the contingent from'
Cochise county and came over here to;
say farewell to his many friends.
Chicl.eu d'liuer today. Merchants'
L'Uich iloom. Adv. 1
BLANKS ARE HERE.
Miss Anna Hampton, secretary of
the loenl civil f -Tvlc-e examining board
has received the necessary application
blanks for those who wish to take the
coming government examinations for
stenographer and typewriter: clerk
and laxilikeper and typewriier. She
has also received some hooks of in
struction bearing on the subjects.
Thoso interested arc; requested to call
at the postoffiee.
FOR HIS SANITY.
II. MtCill. who has beeu in the em-
AS A SLACKER.
Andreas Torres, who has been work
ing at the Junction .Mine of the C t
A. has bee n an 3stcd as a slacker Mid
will be delivered to the military au
thorities at Douglas. He was born in
Bisbee and had received a jc.ticT to
report to the Adjutant Ceivr.il at
Phoenix. According to his own state
ment In paid no attention' to this not
ice. Last week ho was notified by the
local lioard to appear in Tombstone
and again failed to heed tho not if..
He was i.i rested Friday unci taken he
foti th local board who ordered him
to be delivered i;wjr to the military
authorities.
WAS IN TOMBSTONE.
Deputy I". S. Marshal James McDonald
was in Tombstone yesterday, where
he w vnt to serve a subpoena on County
P.ecorcier Krebs. According to i:d
vices reecived from Tomhstc.no. the
subpoena notified IM county recorder
to apponr in Tucson and bring witn
him the duplicate of the appointments
of all the deputy sherifis appointed by
Sheriff Wheeler during the strike
trouble in tins distric t last .1 ly. It is
understood here that a number of the
members of the I. W. W's. have also
been subpoenaed to appear before the
i:rand Jury which meet. 4 cm Monday
next.
CAUGHT WITH BEER.
lieoige Dtiplilin was caught by Cm
eminent Oliicers Houston and ol.ls in
the trinity or Sin Simon with a
-iu- )n ! t'".l witli barrel-, of beer.
He s plac ed under arrest mi. I taken
to Tombstone. I onstable Hank lu'
lt'v of Sau Siuiou was also arr'.ed
FINED FOR VAGRANCY.
Tommio Graves, who admits that Iw
is an organizer of fte I. W. W's., and
who has been distributing that class
of reading matter about the district
for a number of weeks was arrested
on a charge of vagrancy and tried be
fore Judge Thomas and was found
guilty. H-? was fined $75. Notice of
appeal was given to the superior court
at Tombstone and he was released on
bond pending the appeal. He was de
fended by J.awyer Ahranis of Douglas.
It is understood that the immigration
authorities are now making an investi
gation of his entry into the United
State sand that the department of just
ice agents are also investigating some
other alleged acts of his.
LYRIC THEATRE
:TODAY:
WILLIAM A BRADY Presents
CARLYLE BLACKWELL, JUNE ELVIDGE, EV
ELYN GREELEY and ARTHUR ASHLEY in
"The Beautiful Mrs. Reynolds"
In Six Parts "
Story by Samuel M. Weller
Directed by Arthur Ashley
Four big stars in a really big play. A play that every
patriotic American should see because it shows one of
the most dramatic and intensely interesting incidents in
American history A splendid picture done in a master
ful manner.
WM. SELIG PRESENTS JAMES HARRIS, WM.
FABLES and AMY DENNIS in
"A Dog in the Manger"
THE MOST POPULAR AMERICAN COMEDY
In Two Paris
mett Castle, to wed Anna Maria Pre
alta. both of Douglas; Robert P. Hale,
to wed Evelyn Greyson, both of Bis
bee; William B. Spitrir, to wed Bettie
Bayley, both of Douglas; Eugene E.
Slaughter, to wed Helen Conley. both
of Douglas
I WILL MEET MONDAY.
I The regular monthly session of
I board of supervisors will be he I ;i;
Tombstone on Monday. There i re a
'number cf important matters to come
(before the board The iiutfi or ac
cepting tho offer of the Ph.'i;.s Io !i.fc
, conipauv will bo accepted for the pur
' chase if the f.uo.OUO of the road bonds
ami th-j ( ounty Highway commission
' will be notified that the bonds to that
! extent ba been wild, o that they can
ake sep; o begiuing vo'rk on the vari
cu. roads The matter of appointing
a (.accessor to Sheriff Harry C. Wheel
r will also be acted upon. So far as
known there is now no other applicant
for the position other than Guy Welch,
who has been acting sheriff since
She;itf Wheeler left for the east and
was commissioned about two months
ago-
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Tho lolliiu ing inarriiFi licenses
have been issued out of the Clerk's cf
lice at Tombstone daring the past
w-erk: Jack C. Trout to wed Ruth
Hudson, both of this city: Fred T.
Gregg, to wed Bessie W. Hicks, both
of ' San Simon; Gerharl M. Keis
schne'iler of IHmulas to wed Alyce J.
IVlnasck of Ft. Huachuca; William A.
1 itrainim of Douglas to wed llaltic
Summons of Dallas; Ollis (). Barney
to we lla:-el D. Owens. Iioth of Ben
son: .lames Alh"il Miller to wed lieat
ric -t May Goodwin, both of St. David;
. Dublin ev Calleuder of Douglas, to wed
,Ki'fugio 1'ovc.ra oi A,.ga Piicta; J. Em-
lined completed on each road. The
board o" supervisors and the commis
sion, now that the government ap
proved the tssu- hope to sell the other
bonds as the money is needed, so that
when the work is started it can b
completed.
WARNING ISSUED.
The immigration officers at N'aco
have issued a warning to all Ameri
cans that none of them will be allowed
to cross into N'aco. Sonora, today to
witness tho festivities there unless
they have provided themselves with
a regular possport. The Mexican of
ficers will allow any one to pass over.
but thev cannot return to the Ameri- .
can side of the line unless they have
a possport. The fact that they wish
to go over to witness the bull fight
is not sufficient to warrant the issu
ing of a passport. The government re
quires that the party seeking the poss
port must swpar that they have urgent j
and important business in Mexico be- '
tore it can be secured. Warren Dis- '
trict citizens are warned that to cross .
the line without the passport may I
mean some serious consequences and '
result in the party, if caught, being
arrested and prosecuted by the gov- I
ernmet officials.
TOO LATE TO CLASSIFY
FOR KKNT-Two furnished house
keeping rooms, cement block house,
back of K Paso 1 loose. "-"
FOR RKN'T One batching room, suit
able f ir two men and also one sleep
ing room close in, near high school.
O 121 School Hill. 2'J4
FOIt KENT Furnished room, suitable
for one or two. with bjth. apply at
Mrs. Ilaiiarhan, 4J C, Cochise train.
3:
KOK K'r.NT - Two hmsckc ping
rcoi;:s, lfH I'pper I-oweil. J'.2
WILL MEET SOON.
Chiirmar. J. J. Bcsvvcn of the County
Highway commission expects to have
a meetiiif of the commission the lat
ter part of this week for thv pur
pose of arranging matters for the com
mencuit; ol work on tho paved road be
tween here and Douglas and the other
roads f the county. The commis
sion ha-, never been ulfirially notified
that any of the bonds have been sold,
and until they are they can make no
definite plans tor the commencing "f
the work The work us ontliiv-.d will
be according to the estimates as pro
vidi'd f o ' at ill" lime of the bond elec
tion and as only half of the bonds
have beep sold so far. there can only
be fifty ir cent of the work as out-
FOit UK.NT Six-wMim. modern to i.-;
rartly lurnis-r.ed; on vista in Vr
reu. Mrs. Butler. o'.'l
FOR RF.T-Tw large room, pantiy
and lath. Furni.-hed for light
housek eping. Quality Hill, opio
j site V'c, man's Club. ;'-
i FOR KK.NT Single rooms and lard.
Johnson Add.. Harney liiH'k; u:,ier
I new ni;iag;ineul. ol'S
FOR I? r. NT -One room apartment. '.o
O. K. Si. ".-''i
FOli KcCXT 3-room flat, Barnard
Fla's. Warren. Arizona. 4'M
WANTK! A good cook. Call Mr II.
M. Jacobs, on Mason Hill. J
FOIt SAL.K At a bargain, the Home
Indus!. y IrfHlgir.R House: 4 Intls
and ci i!1: are in firs! class shaoe;
uerth tU'K. If t;ik'-n at once. JJ."
will t-k it. In.iutre at the Home
Induslrv F'imitnre S'vre. lwe!i.
Ariz. 3..S F EIGHT
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MAY S, ISIS.
f7
J. JJiiJ
THE
SJ rl
f :-i
11 III IIIB j
roadway's Latest Sensation Extraordinary
Sweeping the Country on a Wave of Unparalleled Success A Riot in New York; a Sensation
in Boston; S. R. 0. in Chicago; Jataroing Them In to Suffocation and Turning
Thousands Away in Scores of Cities All Over the United States
Blase New York, Long Used to Thrills, Stood Up and Cheered Like Mad
Pro-Germans Claim This Photoplay Is a Vile Libel on the Kaiser IS IT?
Picture In the
The Most Timely and Wonder
Last Ten Years
Orpheum
Tli e a. t. re
Continuous From 1 to 1 1
Admission Matinee 25c, Night 25c and 50c
J
City Briefs
Has anyone visited you? Or
have you entertained? If so. call
-- ie Review after G p. m. and tell
the Society Editor, Phone 39.
was advised by physicians that .he had
j better seek a lower altitude and, get
I out of the mines for a while. He has
! no recollection of anything that trans-
j pired and broke down and cried when
informed of what he had done. Friends '
are looking after him until he leaves.
!
:
, GUILD.
Mrs. Griffith of Tombstone canyon
will entertain St. John's guild of the
SUFFERS RELAPSE. ' Episcopal church at her residenoe
H. B. IJeach, of Warren, who has ' Wednesday afternoon,
been on the sick list for the past six ;
weeks, has suffered a relapse and is
now confined to his home and is in a
serious condition. .
H E A
TCDAY AND MONDAY
BABY BOY.
Mr. and Mrs. C. O. Matthews are re
ceiving congratulations upon the birtn
ef a 7' pound boy. Born at the Cop
per Queen hospital. Both mother and
son are doing nicely.
ABLE TO BE ABOUT.
Bert Harding, the eager at the Sac
ramento Mine, is abte to be about
again afier being confined to his
home with an attack of la grippe for
a number of weeks.
THROUGH TO DOUGLAS.
Assistant County Attorney Bruce
Stephenson and Attorney Frank Doan
were in the city yesterday on their
way from Tombstone to Douglas. They
had been In the county seat on busi
ness before the superior court.
BASEBALL
Junction-Briggs
vs.
C. and A.
WARREN PARK
SUNDAY
Game Called 2:30 P. M..
Attraction Extraordinary
ARTCRAFT PRESENTS
I'
TO TOMBSTONE. I
Miss Lizzie Bravin was in the city!
yesterday on her way to Tombstone '
from Douglas on a visit to her par
ents for a few days. She expects to I
leave soon for Atlanta, Georgia, where
she will enter the service of the gov
ernment as a nurse.
Business Locals
RECEIVES PROMOTION
Will Chritchley, a native of this'
state and for many years a resident I
of the warren district, now at Camp I
DANCE.
C. & A. Band Dance, Warren Park, j
Wednesday and Saturday. Admmis-
i sion f 0 cents. Ladles free. Adv. 740 :
NOTICE
Owing to rumors having been cir-
1
I Ii 7 a . w
I V 13 f jCa AST ri w fcl
I T T3 A VS M. )K
TODAY AND MONDAY CONTINUOUS 1. TO II
i fea,':'
IB . . : - -- I I VVI Ihll (ilMI VJVJt I UHWI I
I mil" Willi I
Ketrney, Cal., has recently been com- culated through the city that certain
missioned as sergeant in his company. candidates on the Citiiens' Non-partis-
He went to the army as a member of I ian cjty ticket, were intending to re-
TheU'oman That6od Tokgot
An Artcraft Picture jgg
1 n 3 fj
AND AN ALL-S7AF CAST
IN
A GIGANTIC CINEMA SPECTACLE IN 7 ACTS
A MOTION PICTURE SPECTACLE THAT CRE
ATED A SENSATION WHEREVER SHOWN
the Cochise county draft contingent.
RECEIVED PATENT.
Hazard & Miller, the pioneer patent
agents of Los Angeles, have received an appointive office in the city f Bis
Dy wire notice ot me issuance or pai- Lee under any conditions
sign it elected and seek appoiutlve
offices in the city, we desire to an
nounce, that none of the undersigned I
are d'asirous of, and will not accept I
ents to Aaron V. Lee of Bisboe for a
puller; to John A. Adams and Frank
H. Weimer of No?ales. for valves; to
William L. Boyd of Hayden, for a
purifier.
11 lie
"Brass
a
God.
r orsrot
LEE
!
SMALL GIRL DIES.
Mona Powe, ight years old, daugh
ter of Mr. and Mrs. Edward Powe,
died today at the home of her parents
on Higgins Hill. Funeral arrange
ments will be announced later, upon
the arrival of a son. Thomas, who is ;
serving in the aviation corps In Indi- j
ana. i
JACOB ER1CKSOX.
Mayor.
JOVAXOVICH,
Councilman.
c. a. Mcdonald,
Councilman.
C. W. HICKS,
Councilman.
J. A. ROSOK.
Councilman.
N. C. BLEDSOE,
Councilman.
B. T. WATKIN'S.
Councilman.
!L
f vt m
mJc mlEi mm
THIS NEW FILM DE LUXE OFFERS THE BIGGEST PHOTO-PRODUCTION OF THE YEAR
NO ADVANCE IN ADMISSION MATINEE, 15c; NIGHT, 15 AND 23-
WILL RETURN HOME.
Henry Haslin, who was picked up
bv officers Friday night, was released
NORTH TIGRE MINING STOCK
25 CENTS PER SHARE j
Special offering of this stock ;
I vance in the prion of silver, makes ; "fie phonograph iili a fdu!." ; MERCHANTS LUNCH
this offer especially attractive. This i ; Chick 'ii hinnrr today. Merchants
lis a proven mine and a former ship- j for n'vm "ay ii.ncn. to o the I Lunch Lrom. Adv.
1 per. The property is now being openod Rneii.o, K:t"lif:i am! 'rv one nf their
! up anew. Orders for this stock will : p,f, rpt.ibi:mt:i;ii.-.: !''i. c or ttir'
be filled in ordfr received to the : t-oinhii'n!)ins Vlv.!'.? Call
amount of this allotment. F. D. Hub- ,
i bell, 514 10th St., Douglas, Ariz. Phone j ROCKHILL'S STAGE 1
RlahnA-Tumliiilrain I nnrps Itlsbw
theatre, Lowell.
Adv 653
MATERNITY HOME,
lack .'T:! lor terms, eto.
Ailveriisement-974
Export paper hanger anil puin'er. C
J f'.raii.l;. Phone 4.'.K. Uox lail. 5St
Cu:i:antee Taint Co., Phone T.rrt.
Adv. 609
STRAWBERRY SHORT CAKE
w:in whip cream. English Kitchen.
Adv. 7U
UNDER NEW MANAGEMENT
The Onrk boarding and rooming
house, 71 Brewery Craloh. Adv. Iti".
MERCHANTS LUNCH
- : . ... . m j . r nnn ....... i .... uiBiieo auio i;o i a. m.. o. m. i
Testerday ana win leave luesaay iwjmuuui.in i 'Hiv ouaic-B, io n- - - - - - - . . i
jiis former home in Minnesota. He javailabli for subscription. Kecentad-1 U U Cilman sells the New Eoison, Phone BIsbce C. aut.:
MADAM CAGNEY
Lirt3 the dark veil of the past, reads ChWken dinner today,
iho destiny of the f ture. Across from . Lunch Koom.
Dr. PlayLvtr, Osteopntn. 98 Manott
Merchants' Hill, Mason car stop. Phone Blue 47
Adv.. Adv 231 Mmim
I MINING
i SECTION
I SOCIETY
jj SECTION 3
MEMBR ASSOCIATED PRE88
IN1NG, LOCAL STOCKS AND COPPER
VOL.' 20. No. 283.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MAY 5, 1918.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
9
MINES,
M
RAY CON PRODUCES
RECORD TONNAGE IN
FACE OF HIGH COST
President Aldrich of Ray Consoli
dated Copper company, in his remarks
to stockholders, says in part:
The important features of opera
tions for 1917 are; First, a record
output of 92,207,356 pounds, an in
crease of 18 per cent over the largest
preceding year.
Second, the attainment of uniformi
ty of production and operations which
has long been expected by your man
agement, and which is one of the most
pleasing assurances for the future.
Third, a marked increase in operat
ing costs of all kinds and a great in
crease in charges for federal, state
and county taxes. These costs repre
sent an increase of 2.93 cents ' per
nnnnd over costs for- the calendar
year preceding the war, and these tax
charges represent ten times the tax
payments for 1913. and more uian
three times those for 1913.
Purchase Coal Mine
Fourth, the purchase, in conjunction
with two other large fuel-consuming
comDanies. of a very extensive coal
property in active operation and with
in reasonable transportation distance
to assure your company its fuel re
quirements. The large copper output has come
1 through considerable improvement in
milling operation, as well as from a
moderate increase in tonnage mined
and treated. It is probable thab with
betterments and additions now in pro
cess of construction at the mill," there
will be a further improvement, in mill
ing results, as well as an increase of
milling capacity.
With 123 miles of underground
workings, there have resulted enor
mous stoping areas, very carefully
mapped out, to insure extraction ol
the entire known , ore body. These
widely distributed 'stopes and an effi
cient underground transportation sys
tem have brought to satisfactory ac
complishment the plan originally laid
out by the managing director and gen
eral manager, and yield an uninter
rupted and even volume of mine out
put, which is readily handled by our
surface transportation system. . and
which passes smoothly through the
mill.
Increased Efficiency
D. C. Jackling, managing director,
in his remarks, emphasizes that in
creased production was brouaht about
by a very substantial improvement in
metallurgy, which, being reflected in
higher recoveries, accomplished the
increase in production on an increase
of tonnage amounting to less than
7 per cent as compared to the tonnage
of the previous year and on a grade
of ore which was substantially the
same.
Constantly increasing tonnage min
ed and milled from year to year has
called for quite heavy expenditures
covering extensions and improve
ments at both mine and mill, more
especially so during the last two
years, but assuming an ultimate and
economical capacity of about 10,000
tons per day it may be said that the
necessity for stfch extraordinary ex
penditures has nearly ceased to exist.
There still remains to be completed
the installation of fine grinding
equipment throughout the mill.
From whatever angle viewed it
would seem that conditions surround
ing or pertaining to this company's
property and operations could scarce
ly be more satisfactory in any partic
ular than they are at this time.
The development and equipment of
the properties, both at the mines and
mills, have been substantially com
pleted to a scope reasonably commen
surate as regards producing capacity
with the total tonnage of developed
ore. This has been accomplished in
considerable measure by the use of
earnings while the company has con
tinued to pay substantial dividends
and at the same time add satisfac
torily to the surplus necessary for
working capital.
It is interesting to note that this
has been accomplished by the extrac
tion to date of only about one-sixth of
the total developed tonnage in the
property and it must be remembered
in this connection that further ton
nages are known to be available (or
development whenever such action is
warranted or desirable.
Total development since beginning
of operations to end of 1917 was 649,
303 feet or approximately 123 miles,
of which mining operations have de
Ftroyed. to date, 332.852 feet, leaving
still intact 316,451 feet, or approxi
mately 60 miles. There was no at
tempt during the year to develop ad
ditional ore reserves.
During the year 3,560,704 tons of
ore were mined, leaving ore reserves
of 89,812.522 tons, averaging 2.04S
per cent copper.
Gross production of copper was 92
207.356 pounds. There was produced
from the ores delivered without con
centrating direct to the smelter, a
total of a.409.770 pounds.
Actual copper output for the year,
after smelter dediirticns, left net pro
duction of S8.5S2.649 pounds.
A L,uten Arch bridge is "some class"
for the west end of the Bisboe-Tomb-
"I
stone drive.
STRIKE ON FENTLAND
GROUP ADDS TO HOPE
OF MINES IN YAVAPAI
MAYER, Arl., May 4. Ten feet or
shipping ore has been encountered in
the west crosscut at the 500-foot level
in the Arizona Copper mine, locally
known as the Pentland mine. This
sounds like a simple statement but in
realitv it is without dcubt the most
impcrtant ore discovery made in the j
Mayer district for many a day. The
Arizona Copper & Mining corporation
was started locally about a year ago I
on a group of mining claims owned by J'
El B. Pentland, of this place. The j
first sto:k was subscribed for in May-
er.- It was later financed in tne east
to the extent of about $100,000.
The company has done actual min
ing. A 2-ccmpartment shaft was put
down to the 500-foot level which depth j
it reached last week. Crosscutting j
was commenced east and west, the ex-1
pectation being that ore would be j
found on each side of the shaft. The j
first vein to be encountered came in ,
about 30 feet west of ttie shaft. The;
vein so far has been ,cut through for
ten feet showing an excellent grade
of smelting ore in copper and silver, i
l-ha.., ta xAOan " haliflllA ! a f thai
1 1 1 V l ,q tcaowM l u i ..... . v. ...... . . .
vein will be much wider.
Fine Grain Ore
The ore occurs in the schist, the
copper values being in the form of
cbalcopyrite which is closely dissem
inated in the schist. Mining men who
have examined the strike are particu
larly well pleased with the fineness
of the grain of the ore. :
A meeting of the directors of the
company has been called to consider
whether to continue the shaft 500 feet
deeper, to the 1.000-foot level, or to
explore the present 500-foot level first
So strike of ore in the Mayer dis
trict has had such a "lifting" effect
for many months as this Pentland
strike. Considerable of the stock Is (
held locally and everybody is holding
onto it at double the price of last
week before the strike was made.
They are expecting to hear of some-
thing sensational before the width of
the vein is fully determined. Then,
the mine is so close to Mayer, about
two miles northwest, that it means
a payroll that will come directly to
the town. Most of the miners live in
Mayer and go back and forth. to work
each day.
Opens New District
Outside of the worth of the strike
to the stockholders of the company
and its effect on the business of May
er, it means a great deal to the dis
trict for the mine is located in an en
tirely new camp, off from the Blue
Bell and Binghampton strikes. The
mine adjoins the old Hackberry mine
on the north and is about one mile
south of the old Boggs mine. The ore
system runs parallel to the Blue Bell
belt, about one mile west and it can
be easily traced northward through
the Iron Queen, Boggs, Swindler, Lone
Pine -and the property that has just
been taken over by the Humboldt Con
solidated .Copper company. No prop
erties have been developed to the
south of the Pentland mine, to any
great extent although the ground is
all staked for several miles in that
direction.
The Pentland strike has again prov
en up the Yavapai schist. The depth
of the shaft, 500 feet, is sufficient to
find permanent ore bodies as has been I
proven in the Blue Bell, Binghampton
and other deep mines, of the district. 1
Another vein of ore is known to exist j
east of the shaft, and it is expected
to be encountered at any time.
This mine undoubtedly has u great
future. It is well managed, and re
sults have come just about as planned
at the beginning of things a year ago.
There need be no experiments either
in the mining of the ore or in the mill
ing for there are now in the Mayer
district a number of successes on the
same class of ore. There is as yet no
talk of the ccmpany putting up its
own mill at the mine. The most im
portant tiling, in the planning by the
.company, is to "find a mine" first
which is considered good business.
Custom Ore Plant
Mayer is soon to have a custom ore
plant. The Mayer Ore Purchasing
company has leased the old Gray Ea
gle mill a mile below town and 1n a
few days will be ready to buy custom
ore. The. capacity will be about 100
tons for the oil flotation process and
60 tons coarse concentration. Iater
on. the company will be ready to han
dle oxidized copper ore in the leach
ing department. The mill is in charge
of H. A. Wagner, who was the original
inventor of the electrolitic process for
which the mill was built. The whole
plant is now under lease to .the Mayer
Ore Purchasing company.
A custom mill has been grea'ly
needed In the Mayer district. Anv
sized ore shipment will be handled,
from a carload to a sack. It will be
possible for the Bmall mine owner to
find an outlet for his ore in small lots.
The company also acts as purchas
ing agent for ores which will be sam
pled and shipped to the outside reduc
tirn works. A complete sampling de
partment has been established in
which to make tests on ores to deter
mine the best methods for treatment
and there is also a custom assay of
flre at the plant. The mill will start
off with plenty of ore for a steady run.
About fifty tons daily have been se
cured to begin with.
SEE, MY FRIEXD,
V
! - I
I
GOLD ORE OPENS UP
BATTERY OF STAMPS
TO HANDLE ITS ORE
OATMAX, Ariz.. May 4. Gratifying
progress in all directions, sums up the
situation In the Oatman district. The
Gold Ore has started an additional
battery of five stamps at the Tni'.l,
thus increasing- the daily production
to 80 tons. On the 650 fcot level of
the mine the .east drift is now being
advanced for the purpose of develop
ing the ore body to its furthermpst
limit in that direction. Mining and
transportation of ore are now keeping
pace with the demands of the mill.
Big Jim Preparations
The installation of the new engine
to operate the pumping plant is all
that prevents the commencement of
actual development at the Pig Jim
Consolidated. When the mine has
been unwatered. it is expected to
make exceptional speed in sinking to
the 400 foot level and exploring the
vein at that depth. Great interest Is
being displayed in this property on
account of its location.
Tom Reed High Grade
In order to put a stop to the report
ed "Jiigh grading" said to be in prog-
Ipaca at tha HaM Kflflo P.llll Knwpl.
hoist operator at the Aztec, was ar
rested this week, charged with larce
ny. Several pounds of ore was found
j in his possession worth $5 a pound,
j He was released on bail but failed to
snow up ior inai.
The annual meeting of the company
was held here April 29, and definite
plans for the future policy ofhe com
pany were adopted. At present the
Bald Eagle ore body is being thorougli-
! ly crosscut and this work will deter
mine the width of the ore on the pres
ent level.
Gold Road Mill
Work on the new Gold Road crush
ing manner. The foundations for the
ingm anner. The foundations for the
heavy mill machinery will form thei
principal feature of the plant, as the
installation of the various units
should be comparatively easy. The
.'mill will be almost an exact duplicate
of the I'nited Eastern as far as the
'crushing process is concerned.
I Arizona Moss Back
Work is progressing rapidly toward
jthe installation of the new plant at
me .moss nacK mine. .iw duikiimkx
are being erected and the concrete
foundations for the engines are being
prepared.
Oatman Leads State
Oatman is nficially credited with
being the first city or town in Arizona
to subscribe for its full quota of Lib
erty Ponds. This was done the first
day of the drive. Then the quota was
j I 111 I I ill" 1 1 . I' i i .. i, , int. ,',''.
case in the I'nitcd States where this
was done. With a quotn of JiS.oiw,
subscriptions now total nenrly 14n,
WHAT THE GOOD GERMAN SWORD HAS
DONE FOR YOU!"
MINERS TO REQUEST
WAGE ADVANCE FROM
FEDERAL RATE SOARD
GLOBE, Ariz., May 4. Higher wag
es for all employees of the copper
companies in this district are- to be
asked of the government as a result
cf a mass meeting of men working for
the mining companies in the Globe
Miami district last night. The meet
ing was. held at Carpenter's Hall. The
next assembly of the employees will
be held at the Elks' hall Monday
evening.
The following resolutions were
adopted at last night's meeting:
"TO ALIi EMPLOYEES OP THE
GLOBE-MIAMI COPPER COMPAN
IES: "We are asking your cooperation in
raising funds to send representatives
to Washington, O. C, in an effort to
cbtain a wage increase. We are .ot
the opinion that the best way to place
this increase before the government
would be on the percentage basis. As
for instance in yie miners" scale to
ask for an inrresse of 16 1-2 per cent.
This amounts to practically 85 cents
whi:4i added to the $3.1"), makes a
wage of $6.00. We should also try to
get the government to establish this
new wage In all camps so as to avoid
the endless frictiob caused through
having different scales in all different
camps. .
"We are to ask the Government for
an increase in wages and li-t the eov
crnment raise the price of copper to
what they consider necessary to cover
this increase in wages. Therefore, we
do not ask the government to raise
the price of copper to p.ny certain fic
ure. This is to be foucht out between
the government and the copper com
panies. "We feel that .we are justified in
asking for this increase in wages, as
our wages will averpee considerably
less, since the national gpvernment
has set the rrie of conper, than be
fore cr would have had the price not
been set. and at the same time the
cost of living has advanced and con
tinues to advance upward.
. "We would "figure that It would
cost about $iio0 fur each man sent to
Washington, counting on fare, ex
penses and time. We ask you to act
on this matter without delay as there
is very little time between now and
when our representative starts for
Washington."
0(io. Oatman also was the first place
in Arizona to subscribe double its quo
I ta and win a blue star.
I Tlic honor Hue with the blue starj
'attached now floats from a steel flag i
j staff on Main street. The etithusias-'
i tic- citizens hope to add a second blue
! star. Alrc idy nearly 90 percent ofj
I the employed miners Jiavo bought
Imi'.ilu Sin lisrrinf ions nvir:iL'M more
than $100. per inhabitant of the camp. I
r .
OPERATING EXPENSES
i AT MAGMA INCREASED
OVER COSTS IN 1916
The Magma (lper Company re
ports for the year ending Dec. 31 last
as follows in comparison with the
previous year:
, 1917
Cress revenue $3,235,071
Operating expenses 2.0S3.948
i alance $1,151,123
Other income 11,136
Total , income $1,162,259
Depreciation 94.273
Ba!ancefor dividends $1.067.9S6
Dividends 504,000
Surplus .. $ 563.9S6
Previous surplus 1.023.130
. Total surplus $1.5S7,116
1916
Gross revenue $2,555,936
Operating expenses 1.376,968
Balance $1,11S,96S
Other income 796
Total income $1,179,764
Depreciation S2.431
Balance for dividends $1.P7,333
Dividends 4M1.000
Surplus $ 617.333
Previous surplus 405.797
Total surplus '. $1,023,130
The report states that the net pro
duction after deducting concentrating
smelting and refining losses was 10
148.632 lbs. of copper. 537.994.84 ozs.
of silver, and 5.97S.699 ozs. of gold.
The net cost of prodnclns copper,
including depreciation and all other
charges and deducting the revenue
from the silver and gold was 16.01c.
per pound and the average selling
pric e was 26 423c. per pound. The
rcrrt'sponding costs and averaue sell
ing price for the preceding years were
11.77c. nud 25.433c, respectively.
RAY HERCULES TO
START PLANT SOON
RAY. Arz., May 4 The Ray Her
cules Copper company will have at
least one of the three ."0o toll units of
the new flotation lant completed by
the middle of June, possibly earlier.
I'niil the mill is oncralinc all de
velopment work at the mine has. been
snipped. It U reported, the niaunae
ntent ccncciitraiing all 'work on the
completion of the mill at the earliest
possible moment.
TV mine is in a position to supply
the mill with all of the tonnage re
quired for a considerable time.
Arrangements hae been made for
smcltins concentrates with the Amer
ican Smelting Kefming company.
When operating at capacity it is
said the new Kay Hercules mill will
be capable of producing 10.000.dOO
pounds of copper annually. According
to the cc.mp.uiy's official statement,
there l.uve been developed 9.50O.0OO
tons ot ore, averaging i i ier cent
Metal Miners9 Interest
Centers in Copper and
Wage Increase in June
Advance of Three or Four Cents Promises to Bring About
Heavy Increase in Production; Workmen Benefit in
Proportion to Rise Permitted by War Industries Board;
April Production in State High.
The attention of metal m'ners In the state now centers largely upon
what the War Industries Eoard will do with regard to the price of copper
following its meeting with the producers and representatives of employees
of the Industry on the 22nd of this month at Washington. Increase of the
price to 25 cts. will not help mucn, but advance to 26 cts., whi.h now seems
the more likely period if advance is made at all, would materially clear the
atmosphere. A price of 27 cts. would bring about a heavy increase of both
production and development.
HIGHER PRICE NECESSARY
Recently it was considered that 25 ,cts. would provide a return for copper
that would serve the needs extant. That estimate, however, did not contem
plate the advance in the price for refining blister copper which the refineries
have lately asked of the Industries Board and whkh it is considered proba-
ble that it will grant. All Arizona
electrolytic plants before it is ready for the market. Therefore, any ad
vanced charge that the refineries may be permitted to make will come back
on the Arizona producer. The refineries have been operating at a loss on
most of their contracts, the latter having been made during normal times
to cover periods of years. They are much in need of privilege to increase
their charges. The 25 ct, estimate did not include an increase in wages to
employees of the mine and smelter industries, but should the refiners get
an increase and the wages also be raised, which is expected, the producers
would be i worse case than on a 23 1-2 ct. market, under which a good
many of ihem are not earning profit from their operations. These things
make it questionable whether a 26 ct. price would really accomplish the
stimulation cf the industry and give to employees of the copper industry
the confidence which it is so desirable under war conditions to attain.
WISH TO INCREASE WAGES
There has been no secret about the wish of the copper producers during
the last, several months to increase the pay of their employees. It has been
recognized that living costs have gone up and still are going up. Just a ar-?
the cos.s of mine, mill and smelter supplies of all kinds, and that the em
ployee had need of more pay. particularly so as the number of married men
with families has increased in the various districts. The sincerity of the
attitude of the producers in this respect has had excellent expression lately
in endorsement that has been given to proposals of the employees to send
! representatives on to Washington to appear before the Industries Board and
advance their arguments. Some of these men have gone to Washington anu
ethers will fellow.
Approxiiuarfc figures gathered from the copper producers cf Arizona show
that the aggregate of their production of metal in the' month of April was in
the neighborhood of 76.0iW.000 pounds, or at the rate of 900,l0o.0tn pounds
the year. v
t Arizona's April production was therefore not far from one-half c5T the
total output of all the copper mines of the United States during the month.
The total output of these mines as measured by refinery output Is expected
to be about 160.000,000 pounds, and the total refinery output between 1S0.
000.000 and 190,000,000 pounds, the difference between" these latter figures
and the total of. I'nited States production belnir made' up from Canadian.
South American. Alaskan and other outside copper sent here for refining and
marketing.
APPROXIMATE FIGURES
Approximate production of the various companies as gathered by the
Review for the month of April follows:
Phelps Dodge (Douglas) 16.So0.0'H lbs.
Calumet & Arizona .. 4.200.00c) lbs.
Phelps-Dodge (Morenoil 1.744.000 lbs.
Shattuck Arizona .... S50.000 lbs.
Old Dominion (Globe) 2.S00.00O lbs.
Xew Cornelia 3.600.0m) lbs.
Miami Copper (Miami) 4.900,000 lbs.
Inspiration (Miami) 9.250.0'0 lbs.
Shannon (Clifton) 9OS.00O lbs.
Arizona Copper Co 4.576.0O0 lbs.
Consolidated Arizona Smelting Co. (Humboldt) 2.OO0.000 lbs.
A. S. & R. (Sasco) 1.500.000 lbs.
I I'nited Verde :
Ray Copper
I'nited Verde Extension ,
Miscellaneous
Total ..76.22S.0OO lbs.
While approximate, complete a counting of output not vet having been
made by all of the companies for the month of April, the above figures can be
accepted as conservative. Such changes as may occur in the total w.:ll be
upward rather than downward.
EQUALS BEST RECORD
The total shows the Arizona production of copper as a hole to be up
to the best attainment in any month of lust year, the first half of which
represented its banner attainment, and puts a quietus to rumors which have
been circulated as a part of pro-German propaganda, to the effect that pro
duction was going at only ahout 5o per cent of normal, for ftie purpose of
causing unrest, uncertainty and disaffection and with the idea of bolstering
reports sprend in different districts that the producers of the other districts
were keeping down their output of metal for the purpose of forcing an ad
vance in price from the government. All of these falsehoods are run to
x.wCr.t!nued on Ps Two)
copper has to be refined in the eastern
7,600.000 lbs.
; 7.500. 00 lb.
S.OOO.Om) lbs.
l.OOO.OOrt lbs. TWO
THE B1SBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MAY 5, 1918.
METAL MINERS' INTEREST CENTERS
IN TI JUNE INCREASE IN WAGES
are denied in very reliable quarters.
The origin of this report probably
comes from the constant buying of
Inspiration by tbe Anaconda, the lat
ter having added to its holdings for
the past few years. At the close ol
1916 tbe Anaconda reported an own
ership of 200,000 shares of Inspiration
and it is understood that during 1917
at least an additional 50,000 shares
i were purehased'and the amount may
cover by
output.
the cold figures of April's them that on one day of heavy action; have been even larger.
on the west front J20.000.000 worth i It is confidently stated that Inspir-
Sesregation of the figures shows of ammunition was fired for which 'ation can maintain its 8 -per annum
that the Clifton-Morenci district has they provided the essential basic met- j dividend for an indefinite period for
regained its normal and a little better, al requirement, and that in 'six days j In spite of the shut down last year
7.000.000 pounds having been about of artillerying in one preparatory ac-iand the slow recovery in production
the normal monthly output during the tion $03,000,000 worth of ammunition , the company earned in 1917 over $9
first half of last year. This district was used. iper share.
has recently been assailed by pro- Tne modest Scotchman, responsible' In the PaKt tw0 'ears Inspiration
German agitators more than any oth-, for tne creation of the Tank as the'earned I26.S2 per share and out of
er because of alleged restriction of(W-ar-s most effective new fighting de-'118 were Paid dividends amounting
output. ' It's April output' neverthe- vice needed go no further in pointing i to $13.25 per share, thus leaving a bal
less. totals 7.2o0,000 pounds. The 1 to tne niine mjil and smeltermen of I anc of earnings for the two years of
Clobe-Miami district, next to the Mcr-.tne COpper industry the great part over $13.50 per share. After the pay-enci-Clifton
district, subjected to the I tney are playing in the war and the ' ment of all charges last year the sur
severest fire of the pro-German prop-J responsibility resting upon them to!P'us as of December 31, 1917, amount
agandists, shows with a total of 16,950 keep up their maximum endeavors. id t $14,000,000.
000 pounds, exrlusive of probably. Cf nasons why, as men, they are In spite of the troubles in operation
more than 2.000,000 pounds of copper j vjtany jn tbe war, General Swintonilast year the costs for the twelve
produced by Iron Cap, Boston Com-1,! h"js bearers in convincing straight months were but 10.44 cents per
mercial and a number of other small-j forwar(j soldierly way of some of the 1 Pound, which was one of the lowest
er shippers "of custom ore from the horrors perpetrated in the name of j costs of the country,
district to International and El raso!Hun frightfulness, its policy of terror-! The current strength in the stock
aud other smelters. The records ofjlsm He recounted of personal know-s probably due to the fact that the
the Clifton-Morenci and the Globe-jiedpe from tne iips 0f a dying officer production has now got back to about
Miami districts abundantly give the I the st0ry of how he had seen more ! nrmal. or around 10,000,000 pounds
lie to the charges of retarded produc- tnan for"ty of his comrades shot and i Per month. Operating at capacity the
tion. With its two million pounds of bayonetted repeatedly by Germans as -costs should be running much lower
copper from customs ores. Globe- Mi- they lay WOunded upon the battlefield than they did last year and as it is
ami readily will have made 19,000,000 j how the cfficer was bayonetted as he ' unlikely that there will be any further
pounds of copper in April, which is lay prostEate, dving in. a field hospi- labor trouble during the war, aud as
close to its high month output of 1917.
Al! of the other districts are .either
close up to or ahead of 1917 produc
tion. Grip Detract Some
In contemplating the April produc
tion there is to be considered the fact
that during the month every mining
district in the state suffered material
tal soon after 'whispering the story the company has arranged for full
of the fate of his comrades, how their suPPes or fuel oil, the results for
bodies were examined and from three the current year should show a decld-
lo five bayonet wounds found in eaeh;!a improvement over muse ui n.
how Germans had put up white flags ,
DRIVF AFFECTS MARKETS
(Hy Review I -en Bed Wire)
NEW YORK, May 4. Stocks were
emphasis the patriotic determination
that mine, null and smelter manage
moTita and nneratives in all divisions
of olants are giving t6 the job oflfi'ed in and out Of
serving the government and its allies
in the most efective way in their pow
er through getting out the metal that
is needed above all other things in
the conduct of the gigantic artillery
operations on the west front, where
as mucn as s.'O.uuu.uuu worm or gun
BANKS HOLD BIG RESERVE
(Bv Review Leased Wire)
NEW YORK. May 4. The actual
Tnis is
from iast
Mining and Financial News
BY REVIEW LEASED WIRE.
before inexperienced troops in the
course of engagements, come out
from their trenches, advanced with
thiir u-hltA fln? of surrender Aid
loss of time from the wave of grip when the inexperienced soldiers of i aoiy muueiicea inis . ween oy w.
loss ci ume iroin me oe ui 6' , . fhi t h i Liberty Loan drive, better industrial
which swept over Arizona and which he AU 1 s rose up f 7 th conditions as denoted by the United
is still in effect. In most of the dis- to greet . them had fallen flat, to we
tricts notably Clifton-Morenci, Globe- grouna in oraer , "1 toward8 the
M.arai and I.isbee. a heavy percent- e .r ad 'railroads and the war situation. Pro-
age of men failed of ability to work I wipe out the nrave men no naa o. ... .,,. ln HI)W.iai stocks
rn om davs fered them life; how with his own fessionai operations in special mocks
C Themrandeavor given by men he had seen Maked upon the comp Very large partof the
,heene?at.y XT earn ZyVha "0 .Ihei arnfs strSd insignificant portion of the who,,
wie generai.y strong lenin piny . nikPS the bodies of a Earnings of railroads offered hope cf
TZTFpSZ'SH wi j nfVye .and She? Uo substantial improvement.
aaugjuers, x& anu 10, ueau,. auu uuw
a frightened boy hidden in the house
told of the procession of Huns who
the room and
1 utpbLpH wnrsa than death tinon moth-
ler and daughters while one of their condition or clearing nouse nanus enc
Lnmhcr Kat at tho ninno nlavine Cer- trust companies for the woek thow
I man airs ! that thsy hold $37,199,580 reserve in;
To the industrial activities of Amerlf ""J '11
!.- .k.m, , 1,,,, fi, fi decrease of $34,506,410 fi
i the essential necessary 'to ending i week-
munitiens have hern used upon a sin-j Hun frightfulness forever, General! neflDA"i-A
gle day and in one six days action Swinton paid high compliment. Ev- MINNESOTA BEATS NEsRAoKA
'$63,000,000 worth. j erywhere. he declared, marvelous
. ... 'n. t-.i j . (V. Review Leu sed Wire)
Use of Copper in War a rc.;.B une. -.BEATRICE. Neb., May l.-iMe uiii-
To the copper operators and opera- Anaconda Inspiration versity of Minnesota tr.i-; team d
tives cf Arizona, Major General E. D. Reports circulated in New York to: feated the university of Nebraska in a
Ewintcn, of the British .army, con- the effect that the Anaconda directors , dual track meet here today, 6' ;o 47.
veyed a special message in addresses are contemplating the purchase of In-i
iu Douglas and Bisbee.: when h tola, spiratioa on a share for share basis REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS
NEW YORK, May 4 The culmin
ation of the Liberty loan drive was
marked by duil and irregular dealing-s
during the two hours of today's stock
market. Trading lacked especial fea
tures, aside from moderate activity in
a few speculative Issues.
Investment stocks fluctuated for the
most part within fractional limits.
United States Steel for example, vary
ing only half a point and closing at a
slight loss. Rails were utterly neglect
ed until toward the finish when mod
erate pressure caused nominal reac
tions. St. Paul preferred recorded an
extreme loss of 2r points.
Aside from United States Steel a
large part of today's operations cen
large pert of the day'B operations
centered in Marine preferred. Distill
ers securities. Willys-Overland, Sumat
ra Tobacco and tobacco products,
these issues scoring net grains rang
ins from fractions to 114 points.
Mexican Petroleum, General Motors,
Atlantic Gulf and International paper
averaged one point reaction on light
offerings. Sales amounted to 155.000
shares.
Liberty issues again contributed
overwhelmingly to the trade in bomU,
evincing . further ' regularity. Total
sales, par value, aggregated $2,950,000.
United States bonds, old issues, wera
unchanged on call during the week.
GRAINS
CHICAGO, May Corn prices took
a downward swing today,' influenced
mainly by fine weather and by peace
gossip. The .market closed weak, M
to cent net lower, with May $1.27Vi
pnd July $1.48 to $1.48. Oats lost
to 1 cent. In provisions, there
were gains of 15 to 50 cents.
Official announcement that temper
atures would remain above normal un
til at least Monday gave the bears in
corn an advantage from the start.
Moreover, hopes of export business
had flattened out and fresh evidence
was at hand that liberal supplies still
remained in lirst hands and in country
elevators. Besides, favorable condi
tions for plowing and seeding were
expected to keep primary receipts well
in excess of last year's figures.
Absence of any Important export
for demand and the slowness of do
mestic call weakened oats. Excellent
crop reportb tended further to make
prices descend. -
Provisions rose with hogs. Packers
sold on the bulge and caused a little
reaction.
NEW YORK METALS
NEW YXJRK,: May 4. Bar silver
99-
NEW YORK COTTON
NEW YORK. May 4. Cotton closed
steady, net five points higher to 11
points lower.
NEW YORK
Cloi"g Quotations, May 4, 1918
Anaconda iUV4
An erican Can . 43 .
American Car .' '. '77:
American Locomotive 644
Aniesican Smelter 77',-s
American Sugar
Baldwin 79
Bethlehem (B) 79'i
C i O 561
C F & I 4J'4
Canadian Pacitic 140
Central Leather 68
Crucible ij-ii
Distillers j 52Vi
Erie 144
General Motors 115
Indiana Alcohol 124 Vi
Lackawanna 82
Marine 24 'j
Marine, Preferred 87
Midvale 46
Mexican Petroleum 93
New York Central 63"
Reading 79 7
Republican Steel K.1?8
studpbaker 36 '4
Steel 97Va
Steel. Preferred 11 Hi
St. Paul 38 i
Southern Pacific N. 824
Sinclair Oil 274
Uninn Pacific 118
United States Marine 39
Westinghouse 40
BOSTON
Adventure ; 1
Allouez 19,
Alaska l'i
Arizona Commercial 124
Butte 18;y,
C & A t 6Svk
C & H 430
C Range 40 Vi
Chino 42 )g
Chile 16 -
E Butte 9
Granby 74
Greene Cananea 43
Goldfleld 30
Hancock .. 7',i
Indiana 80
Inspiration 52Vi
Kennecott 32 H
Keweeuaw 1V4
Lake 5
LaSalle 24
Miami Copper 28
Mohawk '. 62
Nevada 19"s
N Butte 15
Nip S-'S
Old Dominion 3y'i
Osceola 50
Pond Creek lSi
Quincy 70
Ray Consolidated ... 24-54
Shattuck 16
Shannon 4
Superior Boston 2g
SL Marys 45
Utah Consolidated 94
Winona IVi
Calumet & Jerome . .
Cornelia
1 Consolidated Arizona
Consolidated Copper .
Curtiss
Denn
Dundee
Emma
Federal Oil
Gadsden
Green Monster
Grand Island
Globe Dominion
I Hull ,
! Howe Sound
Hecla
Jerome Verde ,
Jerome Victor
Magma Copper
Magma Chief
Miami Consolidated .,
Okmulgee ,
Porphyry
Ray Hercules
Santa Rita
Tom Reed
Tuolomne ,
United Eastern
Verde Extension
Verde Combination ..
White Caps
Wolverine Arizona . . ,
Wright, Martin ,
West End
IV
164
5 I
34 4 '
21 I
7 i
U
2:;4
24 !
as ,
3-i
344 !
:i i
74,
60
44
4
213
93
34
J8
14
9
SO
v OATMAN
By Collins 4. Bretherton
Argo
Adams
Arizona Kex
Ariz-Tom
Gold Ore
Boundary Cone
Gold Road Hon
Gold Reed
Gold Clin
Lucky Boy
Sunnyside
Tellurlde
Tom Reed
United Eastern
United Northern
United Western
Red Lion
Other Curbs'
Oadsdcn
Green Monster
Butte London
Dundee
Venture Hill
Pitts-Jerome
Jerome Verde
Ark-Arizona .'
Jerome Portland i,.
Inspiration-Needles
J Hull Copper
.Magma enter
Wolverine-Arizona
Verde Combination
'Miami Consolidated
JNacozari Consolidated ...
' Verde Apex
' Porphyry
Calumet & Jerome ......
Feather River
PENNSY CREW WINS
6 7
25
6
26 2
3
3 4
G
15
2 3
3 4
16
2.15 2.17
3.87 4.12
2
3
25
2.50 2.62
.62 .69
.24 .25
.87 1.12
.04
.70 .75 !
.62 .69 1
.CS .11
.25
.06 .12
SS .45
.25 .27
1.75 2.00
.62 .75!
.05 .10
.45
.10
' .60 .U5
1.06 112
.15
HARCUVARBOOMIS
GROWING EACH DAY
PARKER, Ariz., May 4. Bringing
reports of still greater prosperity in
the Harcuvare, A. B. Colwell, consult
ing engineer for the Jerome Wenden
Copper company. 'is back from a trip
to Wenden and the new high-grade
copper camp called Cuprite, in Cun
ningham pass.
"Never did I see so much activity
down in that country," declared Col
well today. "In that section, more
over, increased activity means in
creased shipments. The ore platform
at Wenden is constantly piled high
with high-grade ore, most of . which
nets the shippers $75 a ton or more."
Colwell's primary object in making
the trip was to conduct a party of Cal- -U'ornia
capitalists over the Jerome
Wenden, which is located in the Har
qua Hala range south of Wenden. He
found all progressing smoothly and
satisfactorily there. The principal
work is being done in a drift that is
following a stringer of rich copper
gold ore varying from six to eighteen
inches in width at a vertical depth of
approximately 100 feeL
While Colwell was at Cuprite the
Black Giant Mines company made
another carload shipment from the
Little Giant property. Preparations
were being made to sink the Little
Giant shaft, now down 120 feet, to
greater depth aa soon as a 2 5-horse-power
hoist could be installed. H. M.
Cronin. formerly foreman and con
sulting engineer at the Pittsburg Je
rronie,' is now superintendent at the
Black Giant, and is very enthusiastic
over the prospects.
COMMISSION ISSUES
MONTHLY STATEMENT
CURBS
Arkansas & Arizona
Austin
Arizona Silver King
Big Ledge
Butte & London
Pv Review I,iw"l Wire)
PRINCETON, N. J.. May 4 ennsyl
vania won the Child's cup crew race
on Carnegie Lake today. Columbia
was second and Princeton third. Pen
nsylvania defeated Princeton in the
Freshman race.
A monthly statement of the activi
ties and accomplishments cf the com
mission of state institutions, entitled
"The Bulletin," and devoted to the in
terests of the people of the state, will
be issued in the future by the com
mission. The first bulletin has al
ready come from the press and is in
the hands cf the public.
. The publication will in the future
be devoted to giving the public a par
tial report of accomplishments of the
commission, their policies and their
findings. The first issue is devoted
to ah explanation of the commission,
what it is and how it works, its pow
ers and duties, its reports, the neces
sity' for the commission, institutional
conditions, construction and policies
of tbe commission.
Included in the policies outlined
are economy of conduct In state af
fairs, efficiency, . road construction,
other construction including state
buildings, purchasing' and .free em
ployment service. Suggestions for riie
improvement of the commission's pub
lie service are Invited at the conclu
sion of the bulletin. -
Come One
Come All
suby:
ji
so no
We
5 .krt
fcifrMti rm
MAY 6th to Oth
of t!
TV
Days
me
For the Sale of Stamps
Ol
T 9
Feature Dancing and Cabaret Entertainment Every Night
ELKS' CLUB
7:30 Every Night
PUBLIC INVITED
Positively No Profit
for Elks' Club
1
J
f THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MAY 5, 1918.
THREE
AFTER
HONEY
LONG TIME
ORDER IS
aud advices. If. however, the re-issued
j advice is not received within tlie next
'three days the postmaster will
' promptly make application therefor
j to the exchange, uliiie at Laredo, Tex.,
using for the purpose Form No. 67a2.
A. M. DOCKERY,
Third Asst. Postma.-utr General.
GOOD IN MEXICO
After a lapse which ha9 extended,
from October, 1909, until the first day
of this month, the money order busi
ness between this country and Mexico
was resumed on May 1, and postmas
ters throughout the southwest have
received instructions and orders rela
tive to the issuance of orders. The lo
cal postoffice will make out orders in
accordance with these instructions.
Following is the official notice au
thorizing money orders to Mexico and
designating the manner of purchase
and payment :
Office of Third Assistant
Postmaster General,
Washington. April 22, 1918.
The attention of postmasters at in
ternational money-order offices is di
rected to the fact that beginning May
1, 1918, the exchange of international
money orders w-ill be resumed be
tween the United States and Mexico
as conducted prior to October, 1909.
Issue of Orders
On and after May 1, therefore, post-j
masters will accept the applications
of intending remitters for money or
ders drawn on Mexico and will issue
such orders in accordance with the
"model of international money order
drawn for payment in Costa Rica''
given on page 22 of the "International
List." They will not designate the
place of payment, but be careful to
obtain the full address of the payee
and transcribe every detail thereof in
the advice.
The receipt form will be handed to
the remitter; the order will be mark
ed canceled and sent with the advice
and coupon to the exchange office at
Laredo, Tex., which will list and certi
fy all advices received to the ex
change office of Xuevo Laredo, Mexi
co. Payment will be made in that
country by means of orders re-issued
at the Mexican exchange office from
the particulars furnished in these de
scriptive advice lists.
Payment of Orders
Payment of orders purchased in
Mexico will be made in this country
on orders re-issued at Laredo, Tex.,
from descriptive advice lists received
there from the Nuevo Laredo ex
change office. The orders will be
mailed from Laredo, Tex., to the pay
ees, the advices to the paying offices.
Should the original orders purchas
ed in Mexico be presented at a post
office in the United States for pay
ment, the postmaster will explain to
the payees that these documents are
of value only as receipts, and that
payment must bo deferred pending
the arrival of the re issued orders
LI3ERTY LOAN DRIVE
GOMES TO QUIET END
With (he Warren district wll over
the minimum of one million dollars,
set by the committee, whenthe $7.r0,
(:00 allotment had been passed, the
third Liberty Loan drive came to a
quiet but eggpssive end last night in
this district. Committees throughout
the day spent thcirvtime in rounding
up the final subscriptions. The day
was on of the largest for ndividual
subscriptions since the opening of the
drive.
Estimates last night by J. X. Gaines,
county chairman, wre that the sub
scriptions in the county will reach two
million, -700.000 more than the allott
ment. Douglas pledged approximately
$S0O,O00. Definate figures for the
county vere not available last night,
and it will probably be several days
before the final data will be in th
hands of officials.
Hefor-3 the close of business lost
night the membership of the "Back-Up-Wilson"
club had mounted to more
than 100. with many of the most promi
nent men of the district enrolled in
the organization. Th club had its in
ception on Thursday afternoon, and
memberships, which pledged the pur
chase of a small bond on the monthly
nayment plan, were accredited to thej
Bov scouts.
Elsewhere in th Review this morn
ing is ruMished the list of subscrib
ers for this district through the banks
up to May 1. Subsequent lists of sub
scribers since May 1. will be published
later as will also lists of purchasers
through the mining companies.
FORMER ESSBEE GIRL
SELLS LIBERTY BONDS
Robert St. Clair, former Bisbee
high school girl and daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. Frank St. Clair, of this dis
trict, has lent the Liberty Loan tom
mittee of New York city valuable aid
in their work. She is now a student in
Columbia university.
Miss St Clair was reared in this
district and graduated from the Bisbee
high school. She has many friends
here who will be pleased to learn of
her work. In one day she disposed of
$47,000 worth of bonds, according to
word received here yesterday. Her
father is an assistant superintendent
at the V. M. C. A.
LIFE IN CAMP IS
NO! SO BAD, SMS
FORMER JTOli
Earl C. Murray Much Satis
fied with New Berth in
Aerial Service; Finds Three
Bisbee Boys.
we do only small work such as lettet
heatU and cards. . j
"We nil get up at 5:45 o'clock now j
every morning and at 6 we assemble
outside for reveille and then at 6:H0
we have our breakfast. Speaking of
eats- we have the best that can be
bought. About 8 o'clock we go out
for drill and are put through a rigid
pcnro for about two or three hours.
Then we come back and lay around
quarters until dinner time. In the af
ternoon we have two or three hours
more drill just enouth to Work up
an appetite for supp -r. so you can see
that we are not overworked here."
UCRENT CALL IS
ISSUED
MO.
Ll
Life in the Unite- States aerial
camp at Speedway, Indianapolis,
where are located large aerial median
ical shops and several squadrons of
mechanics, is not so bad as might be
expected, declared Earl C. Murray,
former pressman for the Review, but
now a soldier in the mechanical nerial
service. Murray left this district six
weeks ago for his home in Marion,
Illinois. Later he enlisted at Indian
apolis. "Here I am in the uniform of Uncle
Sam," he declares in one of his char
acteristic letters to a friend in fiis
district. "I'm getting along fine. Ev
erything I figured on ha.? turned out
O. K. I received my papers alright,
came to the camp here, and was as
signed to the 821st squadron.
"I fcund three Bisbee boys here
when I arrived. They are Fritz Spaul
ding, Tom Powell and John Feder.
Fritz is in the Sloth squadrcn. Tom
is in the 809th, while Feder is in the
same outfit as am I.
"We have fine quarters, heated with
steam heat, and with plenty of hot
water for shaving and bathing, fine
washrooms and shower baths, and
no one wants ffor anything. Most ev
ery night one of the squadrons gives
an entertainment. Last ni?ht the
809th had one and the barracks were
crowded to the doors with the boys
from the post and many persons from
the city. All the program was fur
nished by the boy?- of the rquadron.
including several minstrel numbers
and comedy sketches. It was two
hours of solid amusement.
"We have all been issued perma
nent passes as long as we are in good
standing and we can go to the city
about two to four nights a week.
"I was sent for yesterday by Cap
tain Webb, the commanding officer
of the post, and when I reported to
bim he told me that I have been rec
ommended by Lieutenant Mahan for
the printing department of the posf.
He told me he would first put roe
through a course of drilling before as
signing me to the presses. So yon
see, I have practically1 assured my
first advance, and to a dandy job, too.
They have a mulitgraph machine, and
Baseball Scores
COAST LEAGUE
TIGERS BUMP BEES
At Salt Lake R H B
tvrmm 12 17 1
P:ilt Lake 8 12 2
Kie?er. Chech and Dervoriner;
Evans, i'enner and Konnick.
SEALS SLAMMED
At San Francisco R H E
f.ctamento S 11
Pan Fri'Ticisco 5 10 1
Gardner. Bromley and Earley;
rautii. Smith and .McKee.
ANGELS ON TOP
At I.rs Anccles R H E
"oklnnd 0 6 2
Los Angeles 4 9 1
Kraemer, R. Alett and Murray;
Standridge and Lapan.
AMERICAN LEAGUE
JOHNSON OUTLUCKED
Harper wrenched his ankle in the
fifth. Score: RUB
Washington .000 000 000 000 3 1
Philadelphia .000 000 000 001 ! 1
Harper. Johnson and Ainsmith
Terrv and Perkins.
R H E
Cleveland 000 030 0003 8 2
St. Louis 1"0 101 Olx 4 12 3
Morton and O'Neill; Gallia and
Nunamaker.
R H K
Ttnton 000 oni 2014 S
New York 112 000 01 x 5 8 0
Ruth and Agnew; Russell and Han
nah. ' "
WWvV;ssst'in the long run !av;
word in Tires M
at Vt&1- V
Sn3F
it -
HEILMAN WINS GAME
: R II E
Chicago 000 010 000 001 9 2
Detroit OHO 001 000 012 6
Cicotte an dSchalk, Lynn; Uolau1!
and Yeile.
NATIONAL LEAGUE
DODGCRS COP AGAIN
i R II E
Philadelphia 000 000 0000 3 1
I'rcoklvn 000 300 0003 S 0
Prendergast and Hums; Grimes and
Rueuer.
clinching quality of proven strength
Cccc'n:!: . tAo tires, means a lot to tire users. It
o cirviee a long me lor trie tire, ana
durcbiliiy vhercver the motorist takes it, with no
long stops for repairs because it is proven service.
True to i;c creed never to market an uptried product, Goodrich
last year roce beyond he !cng established Test Car work around
Akron, an-i cc;:t frtli six Teet Car Fleets to put the road test to
Goodrich Tiroi, After months of mauling them through mud and
frozen sluh, agalnct sand, rock and gravd, the Goodrich Test Cars
brought back the last word for tires, TESTED in
rr vlwMMMiM
1
TESTED ESIlTS RES
Hre nre t:rc2 truly tested, for the Test Car Fleets grand total
mileage cf 4,17?,' M ' ir r.il'jj, hr.vc tested them and proved their
strength ..z:'...z Lcyoi-.d the faith of the maker.
SILVERTO vVN CORDS, and BLACK SAFETY
TREADS, cro tnumphar.t through the test, and vindi
cated Goodrich's Ici.h in ti c cpirtT-wrapped, cable-cord
rjfLiFrl lL- Led . cr.cl the touch, cross-barred,
a Zi'w jjjT- ' -KJiL'-' j , l, K'n-! ccifot-.r trnfl
Get sure tire service in the tires
that won from the roads of America,
the title "America's Tested Tires."
Every W.-.r Cv-
TKE B. I'. GOODRICH RUBBER COMPANY
Wiirrc To See Tfcu Sign ft ;
Goodrich Tim arc Sucktd
PIRATES W'N JN TENTH
R II K
St. Iouis 001 0.10 000 04 1
I'iltsburj; 400 000 000 13 10 4
Packard, Sherdell and Snyder; Coop
er and Schmidt, Archer.
CUBS MAKE IT EIGHT
n h e
Cincinnati 000 000 OHO 0 4 2
Chicano 000 001 0001 5 0
Kller and Allen; Tyler and Killifer.
GIANTS WIN ANOTHER
K II E
New York 000 210 0014 12 0
Host on 000 000 0011 2 3
Tesreau. Sallee and McCarty; lleirn
;md Wilson.
CHAMPS IN 'FRISCO
(Bv Review Ifut' A1re
RAN KRAXCISCO. May 4. The
lirhtweieht boxing ichampion and a
former title holder are both in this
city to pive their services next Fri
day nitiht at a great exhibition box
im: tournament. Its objects is to raise
iiKiney for the purchase of athletic
parapornalia for the use of soldiers at
Camps Kearny, Lewis and Ftcniont.
Champion rennv Leonard arrived to
day from New York. Former cham
pion Willie Ritchie is here from Camp
Lewis where he is the boxing instruc
tor. Each. will be matched against a
local boxer.
Bit fro Goodrich Dkn - "
Ltted Lfcrywbcr
1
L 1 .Ji
.-V'-s . - ? CXTV OF GOODRICH A'C.iCN, OHIO. ;? ,-"
isbee Auto Company
JUNCTION BRIGGS TO
BATTLE G. & A. TODAY
Cal Earthman, new manager of the
Junction lriggs baseball team, an
nounces that he has signed two army
players from Ikmglas for today's panie
with the C. iz A. team at Warren
park. Myers, pitcher, and Wolgamot,
catcher, are the pastimers secured.
Earthman also hopes to have Deke
Lebrandt out in iiniform and if he se
cures permission to borrow the Queen
backstopper, will use him behind the
plate in the game.
Miller will plav first base for the
Junctions with Earthman on second,
IMrkel on phort and Johnson on third
base. Bijohn. Jennings and Stewart
wIM play in the pardens for the Junc
tion club.
Today's gnnto will start at 2:0.
MEDICO
ARMY
More Than Seven Thousand
Are Needed Immediately;
Advisory Commission Re
quests Immediate Response
More than 7000 men are wanted im
tiicdiatijly in the niudicai ix-ser.e corps
l.'nited Mates army, according to the
information receiveo by the Review
yesterday from Krmikli:i Martin, mem
her of the advisory committee, of
Washington. Daily ti:e members of
the reserve are bting called to duty
and the fortes now in reserve are fat
decreasing. It is imperative that the
strength of this body he built up and
maintained at standard, says .Mr.
:viartin. To this end immediate actiun
is urged. Mr. Martin's letter follows:
"1. New appeals from Surgeon
General (lorgas for 5000 medical men,
and from Surgecn General Braisted
for 2000, have been received. We ur
gently ask your cooperation in meet
ing these requests. The daily increas
ing numbers of members of the Medi
cal Reserve Corps who are being
called active service lead us to ask;
that you issue an early call for a meet
ing of the men in your territory who
are eligible for enrollment, in order
that you may impress upon them the
great need.
"2. At the meeting have your best
speakers on hand to make the appeal.
Wo are reaching all we can from
Washington, but yours will be the
face-to-lace, heart-to-heart appeal. Un
der separate cover we send blinks,
so that any who may have mislaid
theirs may be supplied. Have them
fill them out on the spot and send to
the examiner for their district, with
a request that they be advised when
to appear for examination.
"3. Also please send to us the
names and addresses of available men
who are eligible to membership in the
Medical Reserve Corps, additional to
those previously sent to us.
"4. Time is precious. Our boys in
the service must be assured the very,
best attention. They are getting it,
and will continue to receive it if we
get the best men into the Reserve
Corps and keep at all times on the
roll an available number of the reput
able men of the profession.
' "5. Please give this letter publicity
in your local papers, and kindly ad
vise this office what steps you have
taken toward complying with this re
quest. "FRANKLIN MARTIN,
Mert.ber of the Advisory Commission"
MEXiGAN RESIDENTS
CELEBRATE HOLIDAY
Opening with a grand ball at the
Knight of Pythias hall last night. Mex
ican residents of the Warren district
began the celebration of the Mexican
national holiday, the Cinco de Mayo
(fifth of May). The holiday commem-
.nrat-js the defeat of the troops of
.3Doleon the third at Puebla, May 5,
1802.
The battle of Tuebla was one of
the great triumphs of the Mexican
army In their national history and
was won against a superior force of
French by General Inarius Laragozv'.
The French troops had been sent to
intervene in Mexican affairs by Na
poleon the Third, the autoTacv over
thrown afterwards by the present
French government with which the
United States is now allied. Benito
Juarez was the Mexican president it
he time and he maintained cor.lial
relations with Abraham Lincoln, pres
ident of the United States.
The celebration will continue
throughout the district and southern
Arizona. In Tin Town today many-
special festive programs have been
arranged. In N'aco and Acua PrU'ta
government officials have ordered cel
ebration of the day. Naco will stage
a bull fight, Feveral horse races and
will indulge in other Mexican sports,
while special dispensation has been
made whereby a big supply of her
will be permitted opened and sold.
AGGIES BEAT DENVER
r.- rtfviow wi"
FORT COLLINS, Colo.. May 4.
The Colorado agricultural college
track team today defeated the Uni
versity of Denver in the annual dual
track meet. Soli o 2fi4. '
Clay Hughes, brother of Coach
Huches of the Aggies established a
rocky mountain conference record in
the hr kid jump doing 22 feet 5-T4
inches, raising the mark bv s4 of an
in.-h.
SCHOOL OF MINES WINS
Upper Main St.
AGENTS
Ph
one
j DENVER. Colo.. M.ny 4 Smith's
i 1 one r;in in the ninth was the only
js;iro iiiad by the University of Den
ver In the annual laseball came with
! I n Cidorado School of Mines here
tod;i. Iii; Cnldcn team won 7 to 1.
NEW COMPANY WILL
BORE DEEP FOR OIL
PRESCOTT. May 4. If there is oil
in the Verde Valley the Arizona Verd-J i
Oil company will find it. Such is the
declaration of the men back of the
company just organized to test out
that district for the precious fluid,
which when found in commercial !
ouantiti;s makes millionaires and pon
ulou scities overnight. J
H. W. Heap, mayor of Prescoti. E.
A. Kastner. one of its leading bntdnc-is I
men; George W. Johnson, manager of!
the Biughanion mine; II. ('. Storey.:
superintendent of the S. P. P. .t P.
railroad company; C. C. Callaway, a1
hanker of Camp Verde; Charles H.
Hooker. wealthy cattleman; and T. I
F. Shea, a prominent merchant and '
mine owner of Jerome, are the men j
tack of the new venture. 1
PLUM WINS AT TRAPS j
PELHAM MANOR. N. Y.. May 4
Fred Blum, of Atlantic City, a mm-'
her of the Independent Gun club, of,
Philadelphia, won the thirteenth aV'
nual amateur trapshootlng champion
ship of America at Travcrs Island
traps of the New York Athletic iln.)
heer today, with a record sccre of
197 out of a possible 209 targets. Sec
ond pri.-.e went to Leon i. Davis of
the Boston A. A. with 19t! targets.
Plum also set a new long run m irk '
for the shoot by breaking l."4 stmiulit
targets.
Eye Nerve Glasses
I examine children's eyes with the
same degree of care and expertness
which enters into the examination of
older people. It eye defects are not
corrected in early life, old age and
even middle age will find the nervcu3 system so weak
ened by the continued strain as to deprive those in later
years of much of their comfort and cheer. It requires
the services of a competent specialist who can look into
the depth of the eye, study the condition end then pre
scribe the proper lenses to suit each 'individual case.
i
It Requires Knowledge
and Experience
I give ycu a service that is based on constant practice
since 1892.
DR. R. GLAZE
Main St., Next Deer io Maconic Temple, Phone 56
We Are "Going Over the Top"
of High Prices Again
FECIAL SALE
OF A NEW SHIPMENT OF
Distinctive
Blouses
GEORGETTE CREPE and PUSSY WILLOW
$10 and $!2 waists reducec"; to $5.95
$6 and 8 waists reduced to $3.95
$5 waists specially priced at $2.45
Attractive gingham dresses on sale this week only $10
and $12 dresses cut to $3.50. Big reductions on
.silk underwear and petticoat3.
We buy: the best and sell for less. Prove it yourself.
Fruitman's Fashion Shop
Hughes Block Phone 74 Bisbee
FOR THIS WEEK AT
PIANO STORE
10 O. K. ST.
GENUINE KIMBALL, $475 style, case slightly marred
in shipping, for this week only,
$327
PATHE PHONOGRAPH, latest style, original all rec
ord maqjiine and the very best on the market, cabinet
machine and 24 "pieces, for this week only,
EXTRA SPECIAL
PLAYER ROLLS, best made and brand new, latest hits,
patriotic airs and operatic selections, regular A C
price up to $1.00, for this week only TTJi
YOU NOW HAVE A MUSIC STORE IN YOUR
TOWN WITH PRICES REASONABLE.
BUY. FROM MAKER SAVE DEALERS PROFITS
EASY TERMS
KimbaUPiano Co.
PCDE L. BOYLAN
FI iladelphia Hotel BId2., 10 O. K. St., IJiibce, Arizona
f FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MAY 5, 1918.
UBLISHED EVERY DAY EXCEPT MONDAY BY THE
STATE CONSOLIDATED PUBLISHING COMPANY.
MULLEN A. CAIN.
Editor and Lienor! Manager
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
The Associated Press is exclusively entitled to the
use for republication of all news dispatches credited to
It or not otherwise credited to this paper and also the
local news published herein.
All rights of republication of special dispatches herein
are also reserved.
Entered as Second Class Mail Matter at Bisbee, Arizona,
Under Act of March 8, 1879.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES, PAYABLE IN ADVANv,-.
PER MONTH : -?B
THREE MONTHS 2.25
BIX MONTHS . 00
TWELVE3 MONTHS ., 7.50
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per year 2.60
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per quarter
No Subscription Taken For Less Than 75 Cents.
Bisbee j
4
(From the El Paso Herald)
War's far reaching effects work out
strangecontradictions. For instance, a big
mining town in northeastern France is de
stroyed by war and its mines temporarily
ruined. At the same time, Bisbee, Arizona,
thousands of miles from the battle zone but
affected by the war nevertheless, is being
virtually made over. Incidentally, one of
the big mine operators of Bisbee is now in
the town in France, not making over that
town but restoring its mines to usability.
Transformations near home' hold great
local interest over and above their national
and even international significance. Bis
bee is being made a great new copper
camp. It is being made over to mine and
treat at a profit copper of such low grade as
never before was handled in the Warren
district.
Heretofore, Bisbee mines never have
given attention to copper ore running less
than four per cent. Only when the mar
ket reached the very top was ore of less
than five per cent grade mined. Since the
government fixed the price at 2Vi cents,
notwithstanding mounting costs of produc
tion and treatment, the companies have
been obliged to mine only their high grade
ores in order to make a profit. Obviously
this could not continue. The mines would
strip themselves of all their high grade and
medium grade ore and then fail. Even the
medium grade ores could not pay a profit
under general methods of treatment. Most
of the small mines of Pima and Cochise
counties have been forced to discontinue
mining copper ores because they could
make no profit and in some instances only
the presence of silver-lead ores U keeing
them open.
So the Copper Queen and the Shattuck
Arizona companies at Bisbee, both well
equipped with capital, have turned to the
task of making low grade ores pay. To do
that required an investment of millions in
new plants, new machinery and new de
velopment work both above ground and be
low. Much of this work has been accom
plished and all the capital involved in mak
ing the change remains tied up until the low
grade ore actually is mined, treated and
sold.
Even as recently a3 1913, the average
Bisbee resident would have scoffed the idea
that his camp ever would be a low grade
producer." He would have believed it al
ways would be turning out the high grade
and medium grades of ore. Not so the
mine manager, however. He could see the
day when the low grade must be handled
along with the high grade, but this war has
hastened decisions long ago reached. Not
only will the Bisbee mines handle ore run
ning below 5'r, but a considerable part
of it will run down as low as .08 per cent.
The Copper Queen plans to take out of
Sacramento hill about 1 2,000,000 pounds
of copper by the steam shovel process. A
few years ago Sacramento hill was just a
hill and nothing more, little more consid
ered than any other mass of rock and earth.
Now it is a field of mining operations. It
has been drilled through and blown up and .
now is being torn away. Eighty feet of
over burden are being removed before the
steam shovels can get at the low grade cop
per underneath. Then the treatment of.
low grade by this big company will com
mence, i
At the same time, in its underground
workings, the Copper Queen is preparing
to mine some 2,000,000 tons of low grade
silver-lead ore. This same kind of ore will
also be mined by the Shattuck company,
that company having proved silver-lead low
grade amenable of treatment at a profit.
The Shattuck company has more than
1 .000,000 tons of low grade ore to handle
at a profit of about $4 a ton. Thi3 com
pany has been delayed, however, by freight
embargoes which have held back the ar
rival of new equipment. The mill build
ing is completed and concrete bases have
been constructed for the machinery. Be
sides the lead-silver ore, the Shattuck will
treat a considerable amount of low grade
copper.
The Copper Queen mill, near Warren,
will be a big factor in the district. It is not
yet ready to open, but when it does open,
Bisbee will see sure enough ore production
and an enlargement of the working forces
in the district. Work will not be concen
trated entirely on the low grade ore, but will
be carried on in Conjunction with the min
ing of medium and high grades so that all
may pay a profit.
Perhaps Bisbee does not yet realize
what this departure means. It means the
life of the camp has been extended 25 years
at least.
It is a fact, undeniable, that the stage
and the picture screen are not jnconsider
able factors in stirring loyalty and promot
ing patriotism. In "The Beast of Berlin,"
showing here in pictures, the cruelty, arro
gance and pride of the kaiser and the blood
and iron of his court are shown so power
fully that they make the blood boil. Ah,
what a contrast between the ranting noble
who strut in lace and gilt and steel up and
down marble halls and tapestried rooms and
the quiet, sweet, pleasant streets . of the
ancient city of Louvain! Laughing maid
and bashful swain and burgher with pipe in
mouth and spectacle on nose. Green trees,
homely cobble stones and church spires
that cut the sky. And then like a blight
from hell come the kaiser's legions and joy
dies in the land of Belgium and all beauty is
changed to ashes and laughter to weeping
and woe. The pictures show these things
stronger than words can tell. Such a pic
ture as this, shown all over the land, will
tend greatly to make all German propagan
da worthless. It is a flame and a lash to
every American man and woman to do
and give and fight to the end.
An American military expert, in po3
ession of unusual channels of information,
has estimated that the German staff had
available, at the beginning of the big drive
March 21, about 220 divisions of actual
fighting men, or three million soldiers in
all. Also about one and one-half million
soldiers in reserve, a total strength cf four
and one-half million. He estimates the
British strength at one million men actually
under arms in France and a half million in
reserve; the Portuguese at 75,000 on the'
firing line; the Americans at 225,000 on
the fighting line or available; the French
at 900,000 on the fighting line and 400,000
in reserve. This would be a grand allied
total of only three million one hundred
thousand men against Germany's four and
one half million. But he estimates that
fresh reserves from England, America and
Canada will add considerably over a mil
lion to the allied strength by mid-summer,
thus equalling the total available German
strength in the field. Thus deducing that
the war will be won next year by reserves
from America.
Bisbee worked yesterday selling bonds,
just as though Arizona had not scored 127
per cent in the third bond issue, and Co
chise county had not gone over 100 per
cent some days ago. Said a member of a
bond committee yesterday: "It is my
opinion that there will be no solicitation for
the next Liberty Bond issue. Citizens will
be called over, the telephone and told what
to buy and when to buy. This drive has
resulted in the compilation of a complete
list of all men and women in the district;
and their financial standing. The dread
ful earnestness of war is upon us, and we
must all face our obligations as one man.
I do not think it ought to be necessary to
solicit for a Liberty Bond. It is an obliga
tidn and should be met by something of the
same system as an income tax is collected
or a special war tax."
The third Liberty Loan drive ended at
midnight last night. Cochise county can
sleep the sleep of the just until the morn
ing dawns, for she has sowed her seed and
reaped her harvest; yea she has garnered
it in Uncle Sam's granaries against all
needs. Great is the faith and pride of a free
people in their own institutions and the
righteousness of their pledged cause.
Austria's parliament wanted peace, and
so Austria dissolved this parliament, upon
the eve of a great offensive against Italy.
Which shows for the fiftieth time since
the war started that Austria is ruled from
Berlin.
"Shekels for freedom or shackles for,
slaves," is the latest Libert' Bond watchword.
GLEESON WINS SUIT
BEGUN 10 YEARS AGO
IN FEDERAL COURT
Involved Mining Property at
Glees on, This County;
Plaintiffs Nonsuited.
IT'S CONGRESSIONAL HOUSE CLEANING TIME
The suit of Arthur L. Schwartz
against John Gleeson of Gleeson, Ar
izona. Jcpp Ryan, Thomas C. Ryan
and Ethan BpRyan was non-suited
Wednesday by Judge Sawtelle In the
federal district court, at Tucson, the
court granting a motion of the defen
dants on the ground that the plaintiff
had failed to show he had been in
jured, that he had 'ailed to establish
grounds for a charge of fraud, and
further, that the plaintiff had not
showed he had tried to collect.
The suit originated ten years ago,
when the Ryans brought suit against
W. L. Tevis and W. H. McKittrick of
Bakersfleld, upon allegations of
breach of contract in connection with
the old Torquois Mining & Smelting
onipany of Gleeson.
Pcfore the suit, which was for
about $100,000 damages, had gone far
the Ryans were about broke and un
able to continue pressing the claim.
Meeting Gleeson upon the streets in
Los Angeles, one, of the Ryans told
him the story and offered Gleeson 50
per cent of the damage recovered,
should anything be recovered, if Glee
son would finance the litigation. Glee
sen consented to this, according to
the record, and the contract was
assigned to him and he fought the
rase to a settlement for $90,000, after
it had been to the supreme court of
the United States. The settlement
took place in 1914. Gleeson collected
on the assignment of the contract.
At this point Schwartz entered the
ase with a bunch of notes assigned
to him by one Rosenblum of Chicago,
and a judgment obtained against the
Ryans in Kansas City in 1905, when
they operated the Ryan Brothers Cat
tle company. The judgment was
against the corporation and each in
dividual member of it.
He began suit against Gleeson and
the Ryans, charging fraud to evade
the operation of the Kansas judgment
and sought to collect against Gleeson,
as well as from the Ryans, some of
the money received in the verdict
against Tevis and McKittrick.
The case began before the federal
court Tuesday. During the proceed
ings the plaintiff admitted that Jeff
Ryan had paid $5,000 to the plaintiff
and had been released from the oper
ation of the judgment in so far as he
was concerned, thereby reducing the
actual amount due to $35,000, as
aeainst the other Ryans. It was fur
ther admitted that -no claim had been
set up against the Ryans from 1905
until two years ago and after the Tev
is and McKittrick verdict bad been
rendered.
The plaintiff closed his case and
rested. Thereupon the defendants en
tered the motion for non-suit, alleg
ing that no case of fraud had been
made and that the plaintiff had not
been injured in any way by the split
ling of damages with Gleeson, that
Gleeson knew nothing of the judg
ment and was not a party to any ef
fort to suppress assets.
The plaintiff was represented by
New, Miller, Samack & Wagner of
Chicago, with Frank E. Curley as lo
cal attorney. The defendants were
represented by Edward M. Selby and
Charles R. Morfoot, both of Los Angeles.
!
- - .
r - :
r THE 5IXTY-5IXTH "H-' - :'.-
jT I CONGRESS MUST SL' '
X I BE MADE. SAP XtlV : "
X fm CLEAN POR - ;
Z democracy r7
u- Jtc? -.
mm,, in mi
I
Mm ft
r i
ELKS TO STAGE WAR STAMP CARNIVAL
jr 2? ? 5 , 1
Wild West Features Predominate Big Show Card for This Week j
, r jr ijr ijr r . ijr j
GAMES, DANCES AND CABARET CALL CROWD
HIGH SCHOOL CADETS
GIVE EXHIBIT DRILL
To place in the hands of residents
of the Warren distria $25,000 worth
of F:aby Bonds in the form of war
savings stamps and thrift stamps, the
Bisbee Lodge, B. P. O. Elks, will op
en in their lodge rooms on Monday
night a "Wild West" carnival, featur
ing all the pioneer games and habits. ;
The spree will begin at 7:C0 o'clock'
on Monday night, and will continue
until . Sttturda alight. leach evening .
seeing additional and new features.
Every devise of the early days in Bis
bee and the wide-open southwest will
be in evidence and the entire affair
will smack of the time when red
blooded men first broke the crust of
the Mule Mountains in search of
wealth.
Details of the entire affair have
been worked out in the past two
weeks by several committees wiiou
have prepared and planned while the A
(
who in days of '49 financed with the
g gat. but the pattern which fi
nanced with the cool bean. F. E. Coles
and Hugh Gallagher will guide the
Rancourt Sings lz
4:
IXP1I1 li71".S5IJ7 iff 'destinies of the finance broucho, and
iMViv ir ui kjuuy uy u each ,s ueU known for his bugln,
a A i I abilities, complete subjugation of all
JWYlZOnCl 1 MllOf visitors, players and entertainers is
j assured.
n More Entertainment
A new war song by an Arizona S "Don't like to dance, ch? Well, by
author has just been published by jjgum. I'll say you're the particular rat-
a I'noenix music nouse. rrom j tier. batmen do you like.
Cabaret entertainment will be af-
:. in-
spring song, and Mrs. H. 0. Ross, j
wife of Justice Henry D. Ross, of !
the state supreme court, is the au- j
thor. The song will be heard for
the first time this week during the !; the.i
i songs
, win sing ana piay, ana a mil prosraia
? 1 of attractive musical entertainment
The first annual military day of the
Bisbee high school cadets was held
last Thursday on the tennis courts on
Quality Hill. A small crowd was pres
ent to witness the contests, but every
body was well pleased with the ex
cellent drills put up by the various
squads. The squad contest as so close
that it took a second exhibition by two
of them be.'ore the judges could de
cide which should get the loving cup
presented by Watkins &. Hurnuist.
Corporal Kroloff and Corporal Powell
were the commanders of the two
squads that had to repeat, and in the
rubber it was decided to give the hon
or to the former's squad. KrolotT's
squad consisted of Raymond Fonter,
Will C7Killjnn, I ..i.i. 1u,.lrt;s,n lilhn '
111 tiiiiiaiii, ii'iiio gm.n.iuu, "u,
Hankin, John Brownlie, Henry King,
Everett Mayne, and Howard Blum.
The contest in the manual of arms
was a hotly contested one and the boys j
did exceptionally well, considering
that they have never had official in
struction on the subject. This was
won by Joyce Ralph? George King
was second, Raymond Foster third,
and Cecil Powell fourth. A large cup
is given by L.L . Oilman for the win
ner r.f this event, and it is now on
display in his window. j
It is planned to have a military day i
at the end of eahc school yenr in which ,
a sort of exhibition drill will be given
so that the public will have a chance
to see what their high school boys are
doing.
The judges for the military contests
were Captain Good and Lieut. Zew ad
ski, both of whom are stationed at
Lowell.
dance or play or just sit around and
bask in the pleasure others get from
the wheel of dame fortune. J. A. Ran
court will be one of the features ot
cabaret. He will sing several
Elks' war stamp carnival, when J. , songs each evening. In addition ota-
A. Rancourt. local vocalist of more er talented residents of the district
"B'v Kv !'. - ' - ; inau iacoiun ' . ..... ,j
Liberty Loan campaign was in prog-j it. Let us hum the chorus, all to-
ress. Now that the district has done;) aether: will be staged at each evening's shi
its share in the Liberty Bonds, and'! From somewhere in France to old jj Among the songs which Mr. lid n court
now that the campaign is over, atten-j' Berlin, jwill introduce will be a new war song
tlon will be turned to the sale of war j J Our men are marchina gladly: bv Mrs. H. D. Ross, wife of Ju.-tice
savings stamps, and this carnival ofli They wanted to go badly; i Henry D. Ross, of the state supreme
the Elks will be the first feature of, And though they look in the face J; court.
the intensive drive to put in tne c 0f death,
hands of every resident his or her! 'Twill be the ame old story.
quota of these smaller savings invest- They'll march right on to glory.
merits. Everyone is invited, in factjj From somewhere in France to old
Berlin
The U. S. men go whistling.
Thro' paths with danger brist-
Tk. c, ' m,,k r.u iiand threw two worn dice for the pen
Trie Sammies all march to Persn- j.
ing's call J nies of a day s earnings? -
From somewhere in France to old ; The Elks know the failure of many
Berlin. ! men. Panituincee is a disease, and
It's as lively and catching as ifor this reason It is not included in
George Cohan's famous "Over jlhe attractions of the '49 days. rut
There" son:;, and it is sure to be Scraps is a habit, a failure, and has
sung generally by Arizona. ;been placed as one of the headline
Mrs. Ross used the pen name or ! cards of the entire occasion. Six
"Peggy Price" on the cover sheet ?! tables will echo with the slang of the
of the music, but the words and ( snapping finger and bounding bones.
nmsif n h.r own The author is ?! tome you little 1'hoebe. "1'air o
the former president of the Arizo
na Federation of Woman s clubs,
everyone is urged to attend the Elks
blow-out.
Who Deals Roulette ,
Is the little ivory ball controlled by.)
an elertric current? In Ye Olden ji
Days, when U'e click of the ivory ball J
was heard nightly on the partition- J (
bars of th wheel, tradition popularly';
had it that the game was rontrolledj;
by the dealer, who, by pressing a but-o
ton, could dictate practically where j,
the ball should stop. That was one,;
of the interesting features of the ; ;
game when a man placed his coin on''
the red he was making in reality two ;
bets; one on the red, and the other j;
that the dealer couldn't control the ,
L-lt k. . I ..,..1 Ka I
Dan. Al mo rina tuiiutai, c
Bones Rattle Raucous'
"Hear them bones, hear them
bones" well, hear 'em. listen at em
hard. Don't it bring back the times
when you used to. sell newspapers,
and with the rest of the gang you
gathered in the alley back of the shop
box-cars." "Nice little Joe. come liltie
be making three bets, and when hei and is well known in the Warren
district where she has frequently
visited. She is among the fore
most women of the state.
The song will be put on sale at
a local music house this week.
wishes he will have real roulette odds
eiht to one. The third bet will be j
with himself, when he has the pre-!
sumption to believe he can out-luck j
the other seven players about the
wheel.
The heel forbid that the real
western house should boast only one '
wheel. Six wheels will form only the!
smallest part of the gamins attract
ions in the Elks' blow-out. "Three1
Fingered" Jack, and five of his most ,s drunk on ,he lat nljtht
'I Joe," and the other expressions which
!; have made the game famous, will tell
j of the sale of one more war savings
seven out of eight players.
"I ain't made a pass tonight, wails
s one crapper.
"Take your hat off and turn around
twice, says the winner, "that's how
niiv ..f '49 Stampede. KvervthiiiK i 1 -nanKeu my nirn, just now.
but the Hooiiiy an4 the Soul Kiss
dances will have a place, and even a
modified form of Texas Tommy will
be permitted at 11 o'clock when the
trustv con men w ill be in charge ot
the battery or ivory balls and the I
electric current which will control.
them, and the six wheels will be in
The dances will be run on the jitne
pian except tnat one uime. a silver
And Whpn iTnrw vpla vni-.r frnt
and roulette provokes you to distrac
tion, take a whirl at the wheel of for
tune. It will be the last resort the
last solace.
Committees in Charge
The executive committee in charge
t. n cent piece, will be chanced for j of the entire affair is composed of K.
each reel or real. All money received Warner. T. A. Euan. J. C. Kyan.
EXPLOSION IN JAIL
I constant operation from the opening af hp dam.e (lonae(1 to the ' ." M. Smm k and'
(I'.v 1lrvtw Leiiscl Wix-V
CHICAGO. May 4 The explosion
of a percussion cap placed in a bottle
which contained a tluld that looked
like nitroglycerin, caused a panic
among hundreds of prisoners in the
county jail this afteriHM.n. The ex
plosion gave rise to reports of an at
tempted jail delivery and score of
patrolmen were rushed to the jail in
aiitomohilHS. only to find that all pris
oners, including four condemned mur
derers were safely in their cells. A
number of 1 W " member.-. mw u
Ilia I are being held in the jail but
were in court at the time.
of the show until Its final hour,
Other Attractions
"Hut. 1 don't like that variety of
play and entertainment." says some
patrioiic citizen who would enjoy buy
ing thrift stamps in some other man
ner.
L. G. J.i kson.
j Red Cross, after the expenses of the j The. committee on games is George
orchestra and other small items have
been deducted.
Elks Make Nothing
One of the facts which committees
in charge of the entertainment havei
Humm, Autoiae Kline auj George
lavidson.
The dance committee is lu-rt Fan
ner. Tom Blair. K. B. Matthews.
And lonesome James Allison.
Fine." replies one of the commit-1 expressly reiterated and w ish under-' himself, composes the committee
I tees. "We've inado arrangements tot 'stood, is mat Hie r.lKs louse win entertainment, on, poor Jiuu
i . i. :.. .. ihl niLu u lwil n I K- tin nrnfit frtn thti
jJOU, IIW. r it l luicnrtu t ...... - ....
by
objection, and prepared to entertain ! week's fun.
everyone in the district." 1 penses will
Everv cent above the ex
I he devoted to the Red
For that reason another of the reat-t ross. wiuie tne mam idea in tlie en
ures of Hie six nights in the Klks ! tertainnient will he the sale of thrift
clul. ill be the dance. Each night stamps and war stamps,
feature dances will be stafd In the! Details of the l!'.i.Mices line been
hall room
BRAVES TRADE PLAYERS
ill Kevtew Leased vtre
TOi.KlHV O. May 4 I'iuiier lv.u.H
Killtngim of the Indianapolis Am-ri-iiin
:-so(i:' (!(." cliiH has Nn tri lei
On uii;lit will he a i ama ' placed ui tl:e hands of a Wild West io t! e 1'o-ton Natiou.i!s .'or First lUise-
Vaiua affair. Later will be ttaged a'tiiiauce committee, not the pattern m.'u Covington and Pitcher Crum. t o
BUY THRIFT
STAMPS
BUY THRIFT
i STAMPS
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
VOL 20. No. 283.
THE BIS BEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MAY 5, 1918.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
MET T
WARREN
a :
Following is the complete list of
names of purchasers of the third Lib
erty loan, through the banks of the
district. The list includes all pur
chasers prior to May 1. A later list
of subscribe! s since May 1. will be
published durir. the next week.
Put chasers c bond? through the
mining companies ar: not included in
this list. Their names will n(so be
published in a subfenuent statement.
A cory of (bis lint is in the hands
of J. N. Gaines. cc.i'i.ty chairman, at
the commercial club, where it may
be s?en tv any Invested.
LIST' OR SUBSCRIPTIONS
THROUGH BANKS
Abies. Hermina $ 100
Adams. O. L. - 100
Adler. M. G 50
Adler, Mrs. M. G 50
Akard. M - 50
Albright. Rena V 50
Alexander. Mary 50
Alexander Zac - 100
Allard, Irving D 100
Allen, Carlos 10
Allen. Mrs. C. W 1000
Allen. C. W. .. 1000
Allen. F. F 50
Allen. George 50
Allen. L. R 100
Allen. R. T 100
Allen. W. W. 100
Allison. James 100
Althaus. Mary E. 50
Alvin. O. X 1000
Amell, Frank : 100
Anderson. Albrerht 50
Anderson. Adolf 50
Anderson, John 100
Anderson. W. H '. 100
Andrea, Lola - 1"0
Andrews, Mrs. Frank '. - 50
Andrews, Frank J 50
Andrews. P. C .. 50
Andrews, P. E 100
Andrews. S. G. E 50
Angius. J. B - - 600
Anthony, C. R. - 100
Araiza, Ernest 50
Araiza. Ygnacio 100
Arizona Ins. Agency 1000
Ark. J. B. - 100
Arnold, James W. 100
Arnold, Laura E.- 200
Arntz. P - - 50
Art, D. W 100
Ascher, A. G 100
Ash by, Mrs. John A .. 50
Ashman. Giles 50
Ash, Frank 100
Aiihton, J. X 100
Pacca, Fred : 50
Bailey. Tail 5tt
Bailey, E 50
Bailey, Harriet i 50
Bailey, Marc - 500
Bailev, Ray 50
Baird, W. A 100
Baker. A. S. 50
Faker. Mrs. A. S -.. 50
Baker. B. C. 50
Baker. C. J , 50
Baker. Xettie '. - 50
Baker, Mrs. Xettie 50
Baker, W. D 50
Baker, W. W - - 100
Ball. J. M 400
Bank of Bisbee 73.000
Banks. J. M 100
Barker. E. H '. 100
Parker. L. E. , 200
Barksell, Howard 200
Barnard, Beulah 100
Barnes, Jack 100
Barnes, Jennie 50
Barnes, Joseph 100
Barnes, Mary E 50
Barnum, C. K 100
Barnum, J. K , 50
Bartlett, Marie L. 100
Barton. Tex - 200
Barton. WW. .: 100
Partree, Ray 50
Bashforth, C. J 50
Bauer, Mable 50
Baugh, W. E 100
Baughan, C. F. 50
Baxter, Angus 50
Beach, John 100
Beatty, A. S 50
Becker, Robert A 100
Becket, J. M 50
Bedilion, Ray L. 50
Peier, Earnest 100
B5J1, Ceo. 100
PelL John 50
Bennett, Dorothy 50
Bennett, F. E - 100
Benston. R. W 100
Benton, M. C 100
Benton. R. W ... 50
Berlendes, J. G 50
Bernheim, Max 200
Bernstein, A 50
Bernstein. Chester 50
Bergquist, Albert R 100
Bergquist. Miss Bertha 50
Bergquist, Claude Chester 50
Berry, Ceo. B 50
Berry, J. W ... 50
Berry, L. Roberta 50
Berry, Morris 200
Bertrand, Mrs. W 100
Bethnale, Buthold . 100
Bice. Wm. John 100
Bickle, Mrs. Mary 400
F.lederman. C. R 100
Biggs. J. W , , 100
Figlow, H. S 50
Billman. C. A 100
Bishop. J. S 100
Bishop, Thelma L 100
Blackmore, F. P 60
Blackmore, J. F 50
Blair, Mrs. C. A 50
Blair, Lois 50
Blair, Robert C 50
Blair, Tom 200
Blake. V. H 100
BlazJevich. Jazer 50
Bledsoe. Dr. Xclso Chas 10.000
Plock. John 100
Blohm. Lee Ross 50
Blum. F. C 100
Blunt, Mrs. H 50
Bohmfalk, Mrs. C. L. 100
Bohmfalk. Georgia H 50
Boland, Gussie J.
100
Booth, P. R
Ucren, Hershel
Borick. John Thos
Borough, Mrs. E. B
Boston. Mary J. & John L. ..
CO
50
300
60
.. 100
- 100
100
500
200
50
100
v 50
- 150
- 100
- 200
100
200
.. 100
50
50
Bos well. C. W. ..
Bottom, L. F
Bowen, Charles G.
Bowen. J. J
Rowland. J. G.
Bowles, Ben
Bowman. Walter
Boyce. Wm
Boyd. E. W.
Boyd, James
Boyd. P. M
Rrndv. Mrs. Jennie
Bragonier, Fred T
Brakefieid. W. S
Branch, J. J
Branson, G. O
Brazonier, Fred B
Brewer, L. P
Brewster, E. P.
Bridge. Dr. Geo. A.
Bridge. Jeane H
Fridge, John H
Bridge, Mrs. J. H
Bridge, John X -
Briggs, Mrs. Elizabeth
Briggs. Frank
Brinson. G. W.
Brojovich, Spiro
Brooks, Xina .'. -
Brophy, Hugh J
Brophy, M. J.
Brophy, W. H
200
.. 100
50
- 100
8000
100
100
100
100
. 100
100
100
- 100
100
- 500
. 2000
12,000
. 100
200
.. 100
.. 200
..' 100
100
- 50
.. 100
. 200
.. 500
. 100
. 60
. 200
. 200
. 50
. 100
. 500
. 50
. 100
Brostrotn, Mabel
Brostrom, William .
Brostrotn. William, Jr
Brown. A. D
Brown, Dr. D. C.
Rmwn. Mrs. Geo. B.
Brown, Mrs. Geo. E
Brown. J. J.
Brown, Mrs. J. L.
Brown, Louis .
Brown, L. X.
Brown, Major Lee
Brown, M. E.
Brown. Margaret L.
Brown, O. W
Brown, R. C.
Rrown. Willis G.
Brown. W. J.
Brownlea, Mrs. A. B.
Brozichewich, Steve
50
50
Brunn, W. D
Bryan. Mrs. Viola 250
Bryan. Dr. W. G.
25U
Bryant. Watts
60
500
100
100
100
50
50
Bryden. James
Buchanan, R. B
Buck. C. M.
Rurkascovish, C
Buckett, Florence ...
Buckwalter, Alice ...
Buckwalter. Harman
50
250
Buckwalter P. M
Rnenn John
50
Bujan, John 50
Bull. Frank zou
Bullard. J. W 100
Bullard, Susie M 100
Bunker, Geo. W - 200
Burgess. I. F - 100
Burmingham, J. P loo
Furrow. Eva 50
Burrows. Herb J 100
Burrows, Mrs. Xora 50
Burt. G. L. -- 50
Buscher, Augustine E 100
Bush. J. D --- 50
Butler, Mary 100
Butler, M. L. 100
Riuler. Thos. E 100
Butow, Johanna 50
Butterfield. W. H 100
Ruxton Smith Co 500
Bverly. James Robert 100
C.aid. T. A 100
Cain. Mrs. Claud F; 200
Cain. C. A.
150
50
100
60
50
50
50
50
500
50
Cain, Mrs. John
Cater, Mrs. June
Callahan. Genevieve
Cameron, Jas
Camolli. C. A
Camolli. Mrs. C. A
Campbell, Browney
Campbell, E. C
Canadv. J
fnnnriv. Mrs. J
50
Carcia, Qusand 100
Caretto, Baptlsto i
Caretto, John 1
'aretto. Mrs. John 500
Caretto. Madelena 100
Caretto, Sandelena 100
Carlson, A. E. - 50
Carlson, Carl - - 500
Carlson. C. X 100
Caro & Co - 100
Carr, B. H 50
Carr, Thos. H 50
arpenter, A; J w
Caslin. J. A 50
Carver, Henry 50
Cecce, Marie J"
Chambers, Clara K. 50
Chapman, F. A 1000
'harlton. Mrs. Maua i
'hase. B. S - 50
Chase. E. S - 100
hiado iw
Phlnnprfiplrt A. W 50
X K ff -
Chriss. Henry P.
100
50
500
50
100
5000
50
100
100
50
50
50
50
50
50
100
10
100
Christiansen, A
Christinson, E.
Christinson. W. B
Churchill. F. C
Citizens Bank & Trust Co.
Clark. H
Clark. J. F
Clark. W. F
CUrk. W. L.
Clarke, Mrs. Minnie
Clason. Gilbert
Clothier. Arthur A
Clothier, Arthur L.
Clothier, Josephine
Clow, R. J
Cobhe, Frank C
Cobbe, George H
"Buy
Cause
'A
Frank A. Vanderlip, Chairman National War Savings Comnltlee, Yh&ak
One of the most active of the Na
tion's "dollar a year" men is Frank
A. Vanderlip, President of the Na
tional City Bank of New Nork.
So strenuous have been his duties
at Washington that he was forced Lo
take a rest, and made a journey to
Southern California.
While here, he took occasion to
thank the U. S. Marines for their
Thrift Stamp activities.
The "Soldiers of the Sea" are do-
injr their best to encourage the sale
Cobet, Al - 60
Cochran, Hamp. Sr. - 100
Cokley, Harry A 50
Coles, F. E 500
Colford, T. E 50
Collins, Josephine 50
Col well. T. B 50
Compton. C. H 50
Compton, Rev. H. C 50
Compton, Mrs. H. C. 50
Compton, Joseph J 209
Cone, H. F 50
Cone, Max M. - 100
Conley, John E '. 100
Conley. J. C - 100
Connell, Mrs. J. T. 200
Connell, -Mrs. T. X. M 50
Connolly. Florence 60
Connolly. J. Pi 500
Connolly, Patricia - 50
Constable, Thos 400
Cook, H. G. E 100
Cook. Thos. P. 50
Corbett, D. CJias - 100
Corbin, Mrs. J. M 50
Corkish, Mrs. Anna 100
Corrigan, M. J 100
Cothran. D. T 50
Coughran, Rober.t 100
Cowan. J. G 200
Cowan, J. S 200
Cowan. W. F 100
Craig. W. H 50
Crawford, E. E 100
Crawford, E. H 50
Crawford. G. D 100
Crawford,, Harry G. 50
Creasey, Gus - 50
Crelling. John 100
Critchlow. Joe 50
Crocker. E. A - 100
Crockett, Harry 50
Cromwell. C. W 500
Croslin. J. B 50
Crowley. G. D 100
Crowling, G. E. 100
Crube, Ida - 100
Culbert, D. F 100
Cumniings, Mrs. Frances 50
Cumniings. J. A 100
Cummings. Lester 100
Cunningham, Jas. II 100
Cunningham, Mrs. J. R 50
Cunningham, Lizzie 1"0
Cunningham, M. J 5000
Curry, J. E 500
Curtis. S. W 50
Dalgleish, Hazel 50
Dalgleish. Mary 50
Darragh. Dr. Kdmiston 10fi0
Daume, Maude E 100
Davenport. D. S 200
Davenport. F. S 200
Davis, Richard 100
Davison, R. A 2
Davey. James R "00
Day. Well ha P 50
Dearborn. F. M 1"0
Debely. K 60
Debeley, (i 50
DoBorra, A. F 50
Delbridge, Win. 1'0
Thrift Stamps"
aided by U. S.
of the little Thrift symbols that buy
for tbcm and the other firrhters for
democracy, clothing, shoes, arms, am -
munition, etc.
The Thrift Stamp plan provides
Uncle Sam with a'Voiihtanl source oi
revenue, and at the same time
teaches the lesson of thrift to mil
lions. As veil as beins a patriotic duty,
it is to the personal advantage of
every American to buy Thrift
Stamps.
, ZfV-Q&j r GOODRICH RU88ERC0.c I
NEWS BUREAU w
DeMooy, Frank 100
Denfee, Rafael B 100
Deniuan, Ada 50
Denman. W. Ross 100
Demi. Maurice 1"00
Dennison, Katherine 500
Deno, Mrs. J. E - 200
Deprost, Emil 100
Detloff. A. J. 100
Detloff. Hurbert 50
Detloff. Lucille 50
Diaz. G. R 60
Dickinson, John 50
Dinkstine. Elizabeth G50
DickensUin. Elizabeth 50
Didlaha. Francis 50
Dill. R. A 50
Dillaway, D. V 50
Dingle, John 10'i
Dingle, Mrs. John 100
Dix. Geo. C 100
Dixon, Dorothv M 50
Dobhs. J. R 50
Dockcry. Thos 10
Dodd. ('has. 1000
Dodils, Clara 1 100
Doepke, Fredk. Louis 50
Doney, J. A 50
Donovan, Dan 100
Doran. Fred 50
Doreder. Bruce 50
Dorrington. J. E 100
Dortch. J. D 100
Douglas. Eliza 50
Douglas. James 75.000
Douglas, Waller 10,000
Douglas, W. A 100
Douglas. W. E 100
Downing. Mrs. Cora 150
Downs, Joe 50
Downs. J 10O
Downs. J. P 50
Dowrv, J. A 50
Doyle, Harry A 100
Dovle. Miss Margaret 100
Doyle. Michael 100
Doyle. Muriet E 100
Duffy. Theresa M 100
Dugan. Hugh 1 5o
Diigan, Hugh I.. Jr 50
Dugan. Mrs. Hugh S 100
Dugan. Mary K 50
Dugan. Mrs. May 100
Duggan. Anna 1"0
Dunlap. ('.lis (' 50
Dupeii. Catherine T 50
Dmfee. R. R II 100
Duval. Mrs. Mary C 100
Durlev. Mrs. Charlotte 50
Hurley. E. M 50
Durl.y. Mrs. K. M 5l
Eason. H. M 50
Edwards. Mrs. II. V 50
Edwards. John l'"
Edmii: Ison. Charles II loo
Euan. Thus A 500
Eitilig. George 00
Eldreitge. I). F 50
Ellinwood. E. E l'Om
Ellis. C. J 50
Enead. Elw 50
Engclder. A. W 4f0
Marines
'. 6. Marines tor Ihr.tt Stamp ww.
They pay four por cent compound
interest: are backed by tha greatest
j security in the vor!!; and the habit
ri" s.ivir odd coins soon results in a
very tulvt&ntial balance that would
u:iiiubUadly hr.t'i: bceii missed if it
were not for the Tnr'ft Stumps.
For those who would bear arms in
the defense of democracy no more
attractive branch of the service of
fers itself than the U. S. Marine
Corps for the others:
"Euy Thrift Stumps."
' Engelder, Charles
j Engelder, Theodore
'Enocks, T. M
En right. Wm. J
I Erickson, Alice
j Erickson, Jacob
i Erickson, Jacob
j Escolado. Simon
Esobeda, Simon
Ettlinger. James W.
j Evans, J. W
j Ewing, W. J
Fabey, Wm
Fair, A. D
FairclougJi, A. J
! Flake. Thomas
Farrell. Mary
' Fearon, George
j Fclsrad. Harold
Fenwick, Mrs. Donald
Fenwick. D. A
j Fernandez, Emelia
Fernandez, Eniilo
Ferrell, James
Ferrell. J.. J
Fiiidal, Fred ..
Finney. Jaims.
Finney, J. A. ..
Fisher. ('. H. ..
Fisher. Mrs. C.
Jr.
I!.
Fisher, James I.
Fisher, Mrs. Sam
Filch, Kaleigh ....
Fitzgerald. Dr. (5.
H.
Fitzpatrick, J. R
Fitz Patrick. P. II
Flanagan, .las. J
Flanfgan. Edw. .1
Fletcher. Itert
Flock, John
Floyd. Mrs. Helen
Foley, .Mrs. Ellen
Foley, Mrs. Maurice .
Fotsoni. E. A
Forcade. ("has
Ford. Ida F
Foreman. S. II
Forkner. A. L
Forword. W. W
Foster, John
Foster. Lewis
Fox. Frank
I-lox. Itolit. M
Fox. Mrs. Itolit. M
Frankenberg, Alex. G.
250 !
50 j
r.o
50 '
50 !
100
100
50 J
100
100 i
100;
250
40oo .
SO
50
2IH '
200 ;
loo ;
50
50 '
50:
50
100
100
.SO;
10lj
500 '
Frankenherg. Italielte
M.
Frankenberg llros. &
Xei
Franl7.cn. Christopher
A.
Krantzen. Mrs. M. E. M
Eraser. James E.
Eraser. Simon
Fraternal r.reiherliood Lodge
Freeman. Fred
French. CO.
French. 11 S
Fruitman, Chas. M
Fry, Mrs. John ('. K
Fry. Susan Xida
Cage, Mrs. Mary E
Cage. Walter II
Gaines. J X
Callather. II. M
Galuslta Mrs. Frank
Garcia. I!
Gardner. Mr. ii Mrs. D. A
Gardner. S. A
Gardner. W. J
Gates, L. E
Germain. II. A
Ghaemali. Bert
Gibson. Hinds Lumber Co.
Gibson. Mrs. J. G. .'.
Gibson. Mary J
Gilhion. Roht
Gilbert. W. M
Gill. IT. R
Gillespie. Mrs. M.
Gillespie. XMlie
Gilman. George E
Gilman. Hazel
Gilman. L. I
Gilmer. W. M
Glanvllle. W. J
Glanville. Mrs. W. R
Glaze. Dr. Richard
Gobring. L. H
Gohring. W. B
Golden. John
Gonzwales & Tuell
Gonzales. Valentine
Gardner. W. J
Grace. M. T
Grado. M. M -
,Graham. Tom
Grant. J. Duncan
Granville, W. G
Grasham. I ertha
Craves, Mrs. Gertrude
Graves, Gift'ord A
Graves. S. R
Gray. J. M
Greasey. Gus
Green. B. E
Greenwood. R.
Gregg. Dorothy I
Gregory, Mrs. Wm
Grellan, Thomas
Grehbin. Joseph .
Gregory. Mrs. Wm
Gribhle, Herbert'
Griffiths. Ross
Gristy. Alexina B
Grooms, L. E
C.uerro. Frank
Gundry, Cora
Gundry, John
Gundry, John R. Jr
Haagensen. Lars
Haan. Mr. & Mrs. Joe
Haas, Joe & Wife
Haas. W. F
Hadsell. W. D
Haigler. Frieda V
Haigler, Gus
Halbert. Miss Creelie
Halcoiiib. Roy
Hulleck. Philo
Hampston, Anna J
Hampston, Mrs. Quinn .
Haninger. Geo
Haninger. II. R
Hankin. W. E
Ilanley. ('has
llanley, Dan
Ilanley, Gilbert
Hannahan. .Mrs. K
Hanner, Martin
Hanraha'n. Mrs. Catberyn
Hansen. Mrs.- Harry
Hardin. C. II
Harley. C. M
Harmon. Elizabeth
Harmon. Mike
Heroldson. Elof
Harper, Geo
50
50
50
100
50
50
400
50
50 i
200 !
100 j
100 I
100
100 I
100 i
50 I
100 J
100
100 '
100 I
100
50!
50 1
100
Harper, W. J
Harrick, John
Harris, Chas
Harris. E. M
Harris. H
Harris. Miss II
Harshaw. O. W
Hart. Jas. H
Hart. Jas.. Jr
1 1 arl man. Joseph
Harvey. Daniel Thos
Harkins, ('. P
Harkins. Mrs. C. P
Ilassinger, Mrs. Annie
Hawiey. Dr. ('has. F
Hawbecker. A. T
Heikkinen, Chris
Hayes. M. J
Iloinkinen. Chris
Ileisler, C. S
Heller. George
llenherg. Morris W
Henderson, ("has. W
Henderson, Fred G
Henderson. Mrs. Fred i. .
Henderson, F. C
Henderson. J. ('
Henderson. J. It. Jr
Hendersou. J. R
Henderson, Ita
Henderson. Mrs. Nellie
Henderson, Matt
Henniger. Geo
Heniiiger. H. R
Henley. Minnie
Hennessy. Robert
Ilennessy. Robt
Henry. Thos
Henson. ('. E
Herman. II
Hern, Jas
Hern. Mary J
Herri. James
Herri. Mrs. James
Herring. Edward X
Hersey. Roy V
Hesse. A. J
Hickey, Gus
Hicks. Chas. E
II i ks, Mrs. ( has. E
Hicks. C. J
Hicks. C. W
Hicks. Wm. R
Himlen. John B
High. Margaret
High. M. C
Hiclibce. Theresa M
Highsniith. C. C
Hill. John J
Ilillman. II. II
Hinson, Mr
llohhs. Addie
100
100
100
200
500
5n0
200
100
50
500
100
100
600
inn
50
ion
50
50
UK)
50
50
300
60
100
100
101)0
500
50
500
200
50
50
100
50
50
50
50
ion
100
50
Dm mi
100
100
liio
100
100
50
200
::no
850
50
100
P'O
50
100
1110
1000
50 J
50 j
50 '
100
100
100
50 Hobson, Clarence
50. Hock. John G
50 Hodges. Henry
50 Hodgson. Mr. i Mrs. J. P.
50 Hodgson. Gladvs
200 Hodson. Marshall
50 Hodgson. Waller .
100 Hoffmeyer. R. J
loo Hoffman. Eugene .
50 Hogan. C. H
50 Hogan. John
500
100
50
50
ion
50
250
Hogan, John W
Hogan. Kellie ?
Hogan. Keller ?
Holland, Thos
Hollis. H. S
Holmes. C. W
Holmes. Robert Watson
Holston. ('has .
100 I Holt. W. E.
200
Holwig. John
Holz. C. H .
Hondrum. Olaf .
Hood & Bledsoe
Hook. Angela .
Hook. A. J
Hooks. Andy
Hooper, C. G
Hooper. Ieila C
Hope. Joseph
Horton. J. J
Hostman. E. H
Houle. Arthur
Houle. Mrs. B. Y
Houston. T. U
Houston. Mrs. T. L.
Howe. A W
Hoy, Asa Theo
Hoy. Nellie
Hubbard. Clora G
Hubbard. W. G
Huekleby. Mrs. Frank
Hudson. Edith
Huffer. Louise D
Hughes. T. A
Hughes. W. II
Hull. C. W
Humphries. E. G
Hunt. Dr. C. II
Hunt. Joe
Hunt. Samuel L.
Hunter. J. L.
Hurst. Fred C -..
Hvde. Mrs. Sarah H
I. A. T. S. E. No. 353 . .
Irwin. Rev
Irvin. Rev. A. J
Irving. Mrs. Dorothy B
Irwin. John
Itule. A
Itule, John
Itule. Mrs. Mary
Itule. Rosie .-.
Itvl.' Sam ......
Jackson, Catherine H
Jackson. F. G
Jacobs. Harry
Jacobs. Mrs. Harry
Jacobs. H. M
Jacobs. Mrs. II. V.
Jacobs. J. T
Jacobson. J
James. C. K
James. Thos. E.
Javisch. Henry
Jay. Geo
Jenkins. J. L.
Jennings. W. O
Jenson. Myrtle
John. Mrs. Mark P
Johnson. Alma
Johnson, ('has. E
Johnson, Mrs. Cora B.
Johnson. C. A
Johnson. F. M
Johnson. Grace
Johnson. Hannah
Johnson, John M
Johnson. Leona D
Johnson. I
Johnson. Mila
Johnson. M. G
Johnson. O. J
Johnson, Robt. K
Johnson. R. A
Jctiinson. S. W
Johnson. Vance M
Johnson. V. R. I-
Judson. Hazel
Juliff. Mrs. Fred
Joiner. May
Jones. Allen ('.
Jones, Hat tie
Jones. II. M
Jones. J. J
Jones. Mrs. Pern ilia E
Jones. Roy W. & Co
Jones. T. J
Junttola. John
Jones. W. W
Joussan. Gust
50
200
100
100O
50
T.00
100
50
100
50
100
100
200
100
100
300
50
100
200
mo
100
150
.o
50
100
50
100
50
50
50
50
50
100
50
1000
100
100
300
50
100
loo
50
100
250
100
10O
1000
500
100
200
200
50
50
50
50
200
50
100
50
50
50
50
50
100
50
200
100
50
50
100
100
200
100
100
100
250
200
100
50
50
50
100
50
Ikaske. Geo. W
Karan. A
Kasum. G-o. W
Keagan. Miss
Keating. Miss K. C
Keating, lionise K
Keating, Rose
Kearney. Mary J. .,
Keefer, John
Koeney. Mrs. F. R
Kegris. Floyd D
Kesris. Miss F. D
KHly. Bertha
Kelly. Edna
Kelly. J. A
Kelly. I.oi
Kelly. Olivia J
Kelly. Wm. II
Kempton. J. A
Kernen, Miss Ma M
Keuger. J
' Kennedy. John
Kenneth. Virtue G
KensIla. Katherine
Kensey. O. II : -
Kindred. Mrs. Adelaide P. ......
Kindred, ( lore. Xo. H. Woodmar
Circle
King. George C
King. J. Ed
King. J. H
King. Mrs. J. II
Kinr I.. A
100
.. 50
..- 100
20oi
.... 100
. lOO
.. lOH
.... 100
...10.000
5u
.... 100
ltX)
50
ion
100
2'K
2li'
100
50
50
100
1000
20O
54)0
50
5o
50
50
50
Pm
li'O
200
2500
100
100
50
100
30
50
150
100
100
50
100
200
50
100
10tl
400
100
10o
150
100
100
100
200
100
100
50
100
50
50
50
5fM
50
10O
100
100
100
100
100
50
5o
50
30
100
400
100
50
imt
llMl
100
loo
loo
100
50
50
2300
50
50
50
ino
100
50
50
50
100
10O
50
100
10o
50
50
500
2oo
50
50
50
100
10O
100
50
100
100
50
Hi
50
10O
loo
100
50
10O
100
50
100
50
100
100
100
50
100
100
600
100
100
100
lot)
50
50
100
ion
100
6I
100
! King. Mrs. Martin
Ilobhs. John
Ilobhs. John B
. 250
(Continued on Tage Two) ' TWO
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MAY 5, 1918.
THIRD LIBERTY
(Continued from Page On)
King, Samuel
King, Thos
Kinsella. Joe
Kinsella, John
Kins-ellav Katherine . .
Kinsey, C. F
Kinsey, O. H
Kirkman, H. E
Kite, D. A
Klein, Anton
Klein. Mrs. A
Knowles, Frances M.
Knowles, Maud
Knowles. Walter
Kobey, Al
Kobev, Joe
Kobey. M G
Kobler. R E
Kotfnig, Louise
Krrbs, Mr. and Mrs. M
Krichbaum, Allen
Kroloff Morris
Kroloff, Sarah
Kromann, Neils
Krowman. J. Leon . . .
Kroyel, Mm X.
Krueger, J
Kyle, Sam H
Kyle, Mr; Sani H.
Lackner, J C
Lambert, Miss ivti.h A.
Lambert, Fred Sr. ..
Lambert, .'Tarsaret . . .
La More, Mrs. Kate . . .
Landes, D. H
Landes. Nell K
Lanford. Y. S
Lanhom, W. A
Larson, Karry
Larson, J. R
Larson, Louis
Lassiter, J. W
Lann, Harry B
Learny. Mrs. Annie . .
LeBrand, A
LeCuyer. L
Leggett, Robert
Lemin. Mrs. Evangeline
Lreroy, W. M
Leskinen, Miss Tyne
Lerin, Frances
Liein, Mrs. A
Lightroot. A. E
Linden. K G
Linn, Grover C
Lippert, Frances
Lippert, Helen
Lippert. .Mrs. Hulda .
Lisman, C. V
Lisman, II. B
Lisman. N. F
Little, H. B
Livingston, Addison S
Livingston, A. H
Livingston, R. L
Loe, August
Lodge. Mrs. L. S
Long, Arthur B
Lolande, R. E.. Jr. . . .
Lorenzen, Paul P
Louis. Mrs. Catherine
Louis, Venita K
Lowe. Eo'ith t
Loval Order of Moose
Ludford, Mrs. Elizabeth
Ludwig. Geo. V
Luke, William
Lukezie, Roman
Lusa, Mrs. M. G
Lutley, iola M
Lutle, W. S
Luvin, Manuel
Lynn, Mrs. Clara M. .
Lynn. CM
Lynton. Edw B
Mackay. W. E
Madden, Fred
Madden. Ed
Maddock, Lulu M.
Mahar. H. W
Mainz, Wm. C
Malley, Clarence
Malley, Margaret . . . .
Mallon, Thomas II.
Mandin, Rev. C
Manson, Jas
Mariatte, Pierre F. ..
Marken. John
Marks. Mrs. Maggie .
Marks. Max
Martin, Mabel
Martin, Virginia E. .. .
Martiney. C. M
Martin, A. F
Marusich. Rod
Marshall. Mrs. Chris. .
Masco, ('has
Mason, l iny
Mathws, Clifton ....
Mathews, Harold L. . .
Mathewson. II. T. ...
Mathlioi, Geo
Mai well. Mrs. Hattic .
McAboy. W. E
McAllister, Frances .
McBrayer. G. H
McCall. Margarite . . .
McCallister. C. L
McCarthy. Geo
McClea.y, W. V
McCollum. W. E. ...
McColluin. W. L
McConnell, Mrs. F. N.
Met ormick, C H
McCourt, Robert
McCrea. Mrs. J. J
McDonald, C. A
.McDonald, Duncan ...
McDonald. J
McDonald. Mae
McCarry, Jos
McG?ein. Cyril
Mc.Geein. Leslie
MrGeouglc. Johsep . .
McGuire, J. C
McGuire, Mrs. J. C.
McKean, Chas
McKee. Will E
McKeen. Bruce
McKenna. Fonton ....
McKnsie, Florence ..
McKinney. F. A
MrKinney Mrs. F. A. .
MoU'Mon. K lith F. . . .
M-L"l!on. F. F
MrNeUn. J. S
McQueen. Donald . . . .
MrQuillinm, Iretto .
McWhortcr, Ijeonard .
McWillinim. J. H
Meeede. A. Z
Melborne. Mrs. J. M.
Melhagen. . H
M-lhagen. (). W
Merrill. Mrs. G. H.
Merrill. Mile
Messenger. Florence .
Met calf. Bradley
Metz. TI:eo. F
M'vrr, Airs. Florence
Meyers. Krauk
Meyer, J. E
LOAN HONOR ROLL!!
Meyer, J C
Meyer, Wm. A
Michaels, Carmeliut . .
Michaels, Frank
Michaels. H
Mieyr, Chas. .
Mieyr, Geo
Mieyr, Madelien-9 ....
Millard. B. F
Miller. A. R
Miller, Beatrice
Miller. Chancey
Miller, Chas
Miller. John
Miller, J. Andy
Miller, Morris
50
. . 2,500
.. 60
.. 150
.. 50
.. 100
. . 500
.. 100
.. 60
.. 100
.. 50
.. 50
.. 50
.. 60
.. 60
.. 50
.50.000
.. 60
.. 50
.. 100
. . 200
. . 200
. . 150
. . 250
.. 50
. . 100
. . 2O0
. . 300
.. r.o
. . 100
.. 60
.. 50
.. 100
.. 50
SO
.. 60
. . 100
.. 100
.. 100
.. 60
. . 100
.. 60
.. 50
.. 50
. . 500
.. 200
.. 100
.. 100
.. 50
.. 100
.. 100
.. 300
.. 100
. . 1.000
. . 100
. . 100
. . 100
.. 100
.. 100
. . 150
.. 250
. . 100
.. 300
.. 100
.. 100
.. 60
.. 100
.. 50
.. 50
. . 2,050
.. 500
.. 40D
.. 50
.. 50
..' 50
.. 50
.. 1,150
.. 500
.. 50
. . 100
.. 50
.. 50
... 50
.. 500
.. 500
.. 500
.. 100
.. 1,000
.. 1,500
.. 100
.. 50
59
.. 100
. . 100
.. 100
.. 50
.. 50
.. 50
.. 100
. . 100
.. 50
.. 500
.. 100
.. 50
. . 100
.. 50
.. 100
.. 50
.. 50
.. 100
50
.. SOO
. . 100
. . 50
. . . 50
.. 50
.. 50
60
.. 600
. . 500
.. 200
.. 50
50
.. 100
.50.000
175.000
.. 100
50
.. 100
. . 100
50
50
50
.. 100
50
i'.O
. . 100
.. 100
.. CO
. . ioo
.. 50
50
100
100
100
100
50
. 50
50
50
100
50
60
50
200
50
50
50
250
50
100
200
50
50
100
50
50
100
200
100
i' V
So
100
i0
100
200
100
100
100
50
50
200
100
100
100
Miners & Merchant Bank
Mingus. S. W
Mitchel, Jos. B
Mitchell, Joe
Mitchel, William
Mitchell. Mrs. Wm. ..
Mitke. Chas
Moffes. Mrs. Mary
Melensky, John
Molli. C. A
Moon, C W
Moon. C W.
Moore. Andrew
Moore, Mae Anabell . .
Moore, Winston C
Moore. W. L
Morganstern, Sol. J. . . .
Morganstern, W
Morris, Miller
Morrison, J. R. ....
Mosco. Chas
Moser, P A
Moster. Louise L.
Moss. S. F
Mosier, M. Henry
Moss, Sandy
Muatt, Dorothy
Muatt, Henrietta
Muheln. Jos. M
Muir, Robert
Muir. W.
Muirhead. J. Virgin. ..
Munoz, A
Munsey, George
Murray, Alex
Murtagh. Marjorie L. . .
Myers, Fred
Nelson. Carl V
Nielson. C S
Nelson, Hjahu-er
Nelson, John E
Nelson, O. J
Newmann, Amos
Newman, Edna B
Newman, Mrs. Hattie .
Newton. C
Neyland, E. E
Neyland, Mrs. E. E.
Nicholls, Fred B
Noonan. M. D
Norton, John
Norton, John
Norton, Ruth
Notman. Arthur
Notman. Mrs. Arthur .
Novls, C. A
Newell, Elizabeth
Xowell, Margaret
Nowell, Louise
O'Brien, Wm
O'Hare, Martin, Estate
50;
50
100
50
50
so!
SO
50
100
50
500
50
50 I
200 j
50
50 I
50 J
100 i
200 I
100
69
50
50
100 I
50 l
100 I
100 ;
100 I
100 i
200
i
50
300
100
50 I
100 j
50 1
100
50
200
200 !
50 I
50
100
100 j
50 I
Okersterm, Mrs. Hannah
Okersterm, Helen M. .
Okersterm, Ray E. . . .
Olsen, Clara E
Olson, Olaf
O'Rourke, R. T
Osborn. Arthur
Osier, John N
Osier, John X
Ostel. Wm
Ovens, Jos. M.
Overlock. L. J
Owens, A. E
Owen, Ira E
Owen, R. C
Owers, A. C
Oxsheer, W. E
Pace, D. C
Paff. Yda M
Page. Fred G
Palmer. Emma J
Parker, Mrs
Parker, Betty
Parish, Dwighl A
Palmer, James W. ..
Paschal, T. E
Pattison. L. T
Patton. Amy
Paul. A. R
Pearce, Henry
Pearson, J. Frank . . .
Peccolo, Peter
Pcderson, Martin ....
Pelton. Elizabeth
Pelton, Rogr T
Pelton. Mrs. Roger T.
50
100
50 i
50 I
100 I
ioo !
500 '
100
1,000 i
100 !
500 '
50
50
100
100
so;
ioo ;
ioo !
ioo
500
50
50
100
50
50
50
50
100
300
Petlon, Virginia Jewell . ,
Pemberton. Ben
Pcrley, Bruce
Perry. Mrs. K. K
Perry, Miss Iva It. ...
Perrv, J. D
Perry. J. H
Person, Mrs. Wm. H.
Petchner, Mrs. Mary .
Peverly. Walter W. .
Pfouffle, John
100
100 j
50 I
100 1
50 (
60 1
100 ,
200 :
250 ;
250
ioo !
100 !
300 !
50!
300 1
loo ;
ioo j
ioo ;
200 i
500
200 !
r.o
no
ioo '
ioo
fiii
rn
loO ,
100
50 J
r.on ,
no
no :
MO
no i
loo ,
loo
loo i
no
100 (
I'OO '
no
no
Phelps Dodne Corporation...
Phelps Dodnc Corporation ..,
Phillips, Mrs
Phillips, Floyd W. ...
Phillips, Mrs. L. B. ..
Phipps, J. M
Pickett. H. W
Pickett. H. W. .'
Pickick. J. F
Pierce. Mrs. II
Pinkerton, C
Pinkerton, Mrs. C. ...
Play fair, Mrs
Playialr. Mrs. Grace .
Pletcher, Bert
Plumb. E. B
Polley, J. Bert
Polri. ("hps
Poole, (;en. T
Pt.1i', M rs. Julia . . . .
!'-.!. "I )
Porter. Delta M
Potter. J. I!
Powell. H S
Powell. J;is. L
Piatl. Wm
..
. .
..
. .
Presbyterian Women's League
..
. .
. .
. .
. .
Crossly, D. A
PietrnsccnH, Alexandria
Prim. Roy
Pronser. Mrs. Elizabeth
Pronser. NT. VV
Proiiger, K. C
Plitoier. OMo J
Purely, ( has. j
Pvoe. Henry
Pythian Sister
Dun k. Mrs. Amu
imii k. Mrs j t
KadclilT. Mrs. Jack
Rainey, E. J
50 1
400
150 1
100 !
r:.. so!
50
50
200
;o
100
Ralph, Walter H.
Ranibs. Chas. V.
Ramsey, A. J. ...
Ramsy, C E
Ramsey, C. F.
Rancourt. J. D. . .
Rawlings. J. B.
Razeaea, Rowniv
Reed, John
. 200
. ;o
. 100
. 200
. 50
. 50
. 50
. 50
. 100
. 100
. 100
. 100
. 200
. 100
. 500
. 100
. 50
. 200
. 100
. 50
. 50
50
. 100
. 50
. 100
. 100!
. 50
. 50
. 50
. 50
. 100
. 50
. 50
. 200
. 100
. 50
. tO
. 400
. 100
. 50
. 250
. 100
. 100
. 50
. 50
. 50
. 100
. 50
. 50
. 100
. 100
. 50
: 200
. 100
. 100
. 50
. 2000
. 100
. 50
50
. 100
. 200
. 100
. 50
. r.o,
. 1000
. 100
. 100
. 100
. 100
. 100
. 100
. 100
50
. 50
. 50
. 50
. 500
. 100
. 100
. 300
. 500
. 1O0
. 500
. 50
. 100
. 100
. 50
. 1000
. 100
. 100
. ioo
. 100
. r.o
. 100
. 50
. 200
. 50
. 100
. 100
. 50
. 50
. 50
. 3O0
50
50
. 50
. 100
. l'lO
. 100
. 50
. 50
. 100
50
. 100
. 100
50
.7.".noo
.20.000
. 50
no
no
. 130
. 50
. 50
. 2.-.00
no
no
. r.o
. 2000
. nooo
. 100
50
no
. 100
50
50
50
. 1.V1
, 100
. 100
. 50
. 50
. 100
. 1D0
no
r.o
r.n
. 2ort
. 100
. 200
. 2200
. ' no
r.o
loo
. ioo
. ioo
. ioo
r.o
. ioo
. ioo
r.o
no
r.o
;.o
'. r.o
. loo
Ree6e, Dr. & Mrs. Harry
Reese, V. A. C.
Reese, Mrs. W. M.
Resan. Hannah, ..
Reiser. Sara
Rendletnan. Chas
Reynolds, F. R. ...
Rhodes, H
Rich. Richard
Rich. Walter H. . . .
Richard, Mrs. Annie . . .
Richard, Wm
Richards, Wm. Alfred .
Riddle, Mrs. Albert ...
Rider, E. B
A 200
Reimer. Peter
Rigg. M. A
Rlggs. John
Riddle, Mrs. Albert.
Riley, D. B
Riley, Edw. G
Riley, Katherine L.
Ritter, F. W
Roane. M. F.
Roberts, Guy
Robertson, H. E
Robertson, Paul
Robinow, Yale S
Robinson, Elizabeth E. .
Robinson, Harry E
Robinson, Thoma9
Robinson. W. A
Robson. Tbos
Rockhill, Geo. W
Rodcliff. Mrs. Jack
Rodemeyer, Miss
Rodemyer, Olga
Rogers, E. G
Rogers, J. C
Rogers. R. H. ..
Rollings. H. T
Romas. G. L.
Roper, T. E
Roscoe, L. R
Rose, Estelline
Rose. Vinita
Rosenbarger, Mrs. C. ..
Rosenbarger, C . .
Ross, Anna
Ross, Arnolde
Ross, Charlie
Ross, E. E.
Ross, H. D., Jr
Ross. John Mason
Rossmussen, E. S
Rossok, I. A
Rothenberger, J. M. ...
Rotbery, William
Roundtree Furniture Co.
Rowe. Henry
Royal, J.
Ruben,. John
Rudell, H ,
Rudolp, Audrey
Rudolf. L. B
Ruff, Mrs. Francis
Ruff. Mark
Rufner, Eugene
Rupert, Geo
Rupert. Mrs. Sue
Rupp, Louis C
Ruppert, Nick
Russell. J. D
Russell, J. J
Ruth, C M
Ryan, Mrs. J. C
Ryan, M. C
Ryan, M. F
Ryan, M. F
Rylance, Fred P
S. B. S. Nova Serbia ..
Sabin. J. P
Saelid. O. M
Safford, S. S ,
Salmon, Margaret
Sassy, Robt
Sanborn, B. T
Sanders, Allen
Sanders, John
Sanders. Matilda
Sandtner, Mrs. Hilda ..
Sanitary Bakery
Saritz, Edward
Saxby. H. C
Schanderluier. Carl
Schmid, Rudolf
Schmitt, Geo. II
Schneebeli, Adolf
Schoening, Hans
Schroder. C. C
Schwartz, W. A.
Scott. A
Scott. J. I-
Scott. J. S
Sewley. Harry
Seed. Dan
Seed. Diin 15.. Jr.-
Seed. S Mary
Senilis. Calvin K
Sieffert. Theresa B
Sena, John J
Sertic, Geo
Shackle, Katherine ....
Shannon, Wm. C
Shatturk-Arizotia Copper
Shattuck. L. C
Shaw, W. C
Shea, Bridpet
Shea Julia
Sheldon. John W
Sliepard, Jas. A
Sherman, Gertrude
Sherman, Gerald
Shields, C. F
Shields. Hazel
Shilliam. Minnie It
Shine, Mrs. A. B
Shine. Dr. F. K
Shirfk. Daniel
Shilliam. Minnie B
Short. Klla R
Show. W. I).
Shocning. Hans
Sliroyer. Chas. T
Sherman. Gertrude
Shtirtli!T. Win
Shurtliff. W. J
Sieffert. Therera 1!
Silor, Tony
Silverthorn. J. L
Simmons. A. J
'Simons, Edward
"Imps-otis. n:n
Sims, L. B
Sims. Mrs L. !
Situs, W. P
Siips. Mrs. W. P
s'incl-iir. A S
Sinclair, .T. F
Sinclair. Leonard
s't"U Clndvs
M.-i-r "1 Inetto
Slack. E E
Slacker. F. D
Sleeter. F. II
Siviirt. R
Smith. Carl G
Smith, .1 II
Smllli. .1. V. I"
Sliced. Edward
Sliced. Edward D
Sneed. hll.i CI
Suody. c. C
Snodgrass. 11
Co.
50 j
50
Mo I
ioo;
."'
no
rOO
50 '
no
no
ioo
r.o
no
100
ioo
r.o
1OO0
J"n
no
400 1
Southerland, J. J
Sluverbutts, Fred Edmund
Siuverbutts, Mrs. Wm. E.
Soule. A. T '.
Spaulding. W. J
Stacks, V
Stacks. W. j
Stadille. Arthur
Stanfkld, Albert .'
Steffes, Geo. I'
Stepp, Anna
Sterling, Howard
Stevens, Mrs. Anna
Stevens. Eugene
Stevens, Paul
Stevenson. A. G
Stewart, Geo. W
Stewart, Jas. E
Shilliam, Marguerite B. . .
Stamper, Jako
Stoner, J. H .
Stout, George Roy ........
Stratton. R. W
Stratton. W. II
Strandberg, Arthur
1000
500
50
200
50
1O0
50
50
500
100
no
1000
50
100
200
50
lt'O
50
50
50
50
250
1(";0
500
Stringan. J. A.
Stringfellow, Mrs. W.
.V. R.
Strong, A. I
Strunn. A. W
Sullivan, C. H
Sullivan,
Eugene . .
Mrs. Tat ..
P. J
Mrs. P. R.
O. H
Sullivan,
Sullivan,
Sullivan,
Sullivan.
Sindui,
E. W
Sitcliffe. S
Sutherland. John G
Sutherland. V. U
Sutter, Fred
Sutter. Henry S
Swanson, August
Swanson. J. A.
Swartz, Jt
Sweeney, Mrs. Jessie . .
Sweeney, Mrs. Mary H.
Sweeney, Mrs. Mattie . .
Sweeney. W. M
Swiney, Mrs. Mary H. .
Sword, A. F
Swyers, Wm. H
Sunder, Ben F
Szentick, John '. . .
Thorine, Mrs. A
Thornton, Mrs. Carrie ..
Threlkell. Willis
Tindol. Fred
Toland, J. T
Toland, Mrs. J. W
Toland. Mrs. Hilda
Tomlinson, J. J
Tompson, Thomas J.
Tonhey, Ambrose
Tonkin, Mary Ruth
Tonley, Ambrose
Tovera & Co., E. A. ...
Tovcra, John
Towner, John
Traun, Wm. E
Trelease, Wm. H
Treu, John
Treu, John
Treu, Mrs. John
Treu's Lowell Market . .
Tievakis, John
Trizise, John P
Trischka, Carl
Tratman, Charles C
Troxell, J. W
Tniopeii, Leo y . .
Tucker. Marie Ruth . . .
Tucker, Maude May ...
Tober, C. F
Tober, Mrs. Myrtle M. .
Tarbell, B. C
Taylor, Dorothy
Taylor, J. D
Taylor, Leila
Taylor, Ray
Taylor, Roy C
Tea, Chas
Temby, James
Temby, Jas. C
Temple, Jos
1000
500
1000
200
50
200
1000
100
100
lo
50
100
Teufert, J. T.
Teufert, Mabel
L. K.
Teufert, Dr
Thayer, J. Frank
Thayer, Mrs. Jtscphine ..
Thielman. Carl
Thomas, Mrs. Barvara W.
Thomas, Edward J
Thomas, John
Thomas, Leonard
Thomas, Richard
Thompson, -Edna
Thompson, C. S
Thompson, J. L
Thompson. N. C
Turner, Miss Mary
Turner, O. L
Tuslin, Mrs. Barnes
Tustin, Mrs. Barnes
Tut tie. S. C
Tweedle, C
Twoomey, Dan
Twoomey, Mrs. Dan
Twoomey, John
rni;emach, Chas. F
I'nited Verde Ex. Mining
Van Horn. H. II
Van Riper, Robt
Van WriHe. V. I
Valentine, John
Vf.il. Mrs. C. II
50
100
10)
50
100
100
300
i.000
100
loo
Co... 12
Vail. C. H
Vance. Josephine
Van Sant. G. N
Vasgreen. Con
Men We'cczns
Better's Friend
A Doty IrJit Erery Man Oves to Tta.-.c
who Perpetuus tna Race.
Tt i- jit ci Important t!: :t Lien sh-i! ! i
Inow of pr.pcr mct!io:N in arvarv.e of of! :
crhocj. S :.-r'rr, pj;n and dlstrco9 inci
dent to c'tllU'-IriU c i.i be avUUcd by h.iv;i
p.t hind a b-l'.'s t .o ;:m-:i:i:r : 1 re. :
r-.ti in. ?I-r:.:r'i . Tr'ond. 'i'-'' i; a ; r
'ral'tx c! .:pr. --Vr,:i t; at re'iv
'xr.ri i t' ; M-rl.') an I cna:.:.--:
'- r ;:: ir. i v 'i..- r.-. r.:i.r.f-I r'riia '.::r
'-I'.rx.i'.i a:.J icrvc.
"i !: 1T: !(?- ei' U-T1 1; . (
' v:. :-1;. i Mrtl.ir'; I-f i I r
I... o.rj' e-.ttr -l.- ;ivi:.!c I n--rv .-i-;
. .-I n -:i a., i pri . . .. -.1 a !.r. :!.t. h .-)
-..-i.r : i'; t ''-'-. -...i0 'I'.- o;:.:; '
.!:.ir-;( iv-r ; -ni i. .--.fu.-i n el' i':-. !t! i
'. r-. ; . e.J ;..L . t il:'
V of : s .rili. 1.
V? Tr---r.! :.r ! r ';'"-,l !": -! .vrr:-'-;
" i; M.. ; .. r . n- ,,. ;t',. 1.. p..
i.i .l it ": ii-v .- r. ! . .!'.-r v.: .:i
'V rrii .r. i ! an.' .l.ii.i-r at l;.c vri. i
- natura:ir Ic.-J.
iki rsa !-u; : or s Fri.-ml n! env
l-t'f p;...'. jl. ;.; 1 .r rli'rl)..t II. o ''liv. Ic
.i'-.M'llt''-, s- t" .ml v.n'i'UT.itrv ...
. ::'.o ! tlm li: l.Iheid Uc-,ul :!)'' C-..
'.:i:t'-r Bide.. Atl;ml.i. I :.-.. f-r -
I.ll.lM ittl'l ii.stl'l'-tlM- "MntlMTi. :.! .i'.--. J." .
:l..l.uHO fr r nr. Vmt .iii.Hi.-ri. tn.( iti.:-
T t' 2.- ! r :ihr-a Kr ' r.
lr'l..-!.tV t.vliv. i ,, f.:-i ctiV-i '. '
500 j Veazey, G.
K,
JO
. 100
. 50
5o
. V")
no
. loo
bOO
. 2''00
. 100
"0
. 150
. 500
. 500
. 100
. 5o0
no
no
. ioo
. loo
r.o
no
. 100
. loo
no
r.o
. ioo
. 1"0
. ioo
. MO
. ioo
. ioo
. loo
50
50
. 100
. 1000
50
no
no
. 50
. ioo
100
. loo
. ' lo0
50
. 200
no
. 500
50 : Vehisco, L. J.
100 'Wiser, J. L. .
100 j Vicker. Lillian
100' Virtue, Kenneth
r.O Vidian, Herbert and Bertie .
100 I Vucovit h. Jerry
50 I Vulsovich, Spiro
lOOlVuJacosh. Velika .'.
100 IvukasoUeh. Chris
50 i Wagner, Grace
no Walker,
r.0 'Walker,
loo Walker.
Ed
Dr. K. B
Mrs. E. B
Mr. and Mrs. J. F..
Joe
Wnllier,
Walker.
Walker. W. D
Wallace, Fred E
Wallace. Helen
Wallace. Mary Jane ..
Wallace. W. F. C. ...
Waller, Carl
Walsh, J. C
Walters. Mrs. E. G...
Ward. Jas. H
Ward. John
WaMop. Mrs. 'Mary ..
Warlop, Mary A
Warlop, Theophilde .
Warniinston. Henry .
Warne. Jus. H
Warn t. Bert
Warner, R. E
Warr.ick, M. A
Wiuren, Jennie
Warren, John S ,
Warren I-aundry
Co.
Warren, Nellie . .
100 Washington, Sam,.
j00 ' asscr. s. J
50 i Wasser. Mrs. S. J.
-OOiw.-iters. Henry ...
50
Waters. Mrs. Henry .
Waters, Mrs. K. G. ..
Watfcin-., Karnnra W.
Watkins, nnssctt T. .
WiMkfns. Brewster J.
tO
50
100
no
50
Watkins. Miss Ellen
10O Watkins, E. A.
;0 Watkins. Florence E. ...
11,0 Watkins, ..Ellen I.
l,l( Watkins. Mabel
50 Watkins, Mrs. Mahcline .
50: watkins, R. F
50 watkins. Waldo
100 watkins, Walter W
50 Webster. Francis
l0Webb. Frank
200 Weimer. Fred
2' '0 weir. Laura '. . .
50 I Welbourn. Mrs. J. M. ...
50 I Welch. Frai.k M
1000 Welch. Mary M
. 400
no
. ioo
. ioo
. no
. loO
. 101
. loll
. mo
. 1"0
. lt)0
. 100
. 5o0
. 5oo
. 100
. 200
. 100
.20,000
no
r.o
no
. loo
r.o
. loo
no
. 10
. ioo
. loo
, . ioo
.. IOO
50
r.o
. . 1"0
, . 1"0
. . 400
, . 100
, . 100
.. 103
. . 100
no
, . 100
.. lo t
. . 50
50
. . 1"0
. . 50
.. 50
5.)
. . no
.. 30
. . 100
.. 50
. . 2"0
50
.. lot
no
. . 1'0
.. 100
.. 101
. . 50
. . 100
.. ioo
too i Welter Cno II
Welsh. John
Wesler, Frances
Western Investment Co.
Wetzels. P. J
Wetzels. Mrs. P.-J
Wha'en. George
Whslen, W. H
Whalen. Mrs. Mary
White, Mrs. Bertie
White,
White.
White.
K. P
Florence .
Rev. Jacob
John II. .
John J. . .
J. W
Ned
M.
500 j white,
150 l White,
50 White.
50 . White.
r.o j White, Mrs. Ned ...
50 I Whte. Rov R
50 j White, W. J
50 Whitehead, Chas. A
0 Whitehead. George
300
100
300
1"0
100
100
100
0
100
50
no
50
200
50
10O
100
10O
50
50
100
50
500
50
100
50
50
100
Whitehead. George H. ...
Whitney, C. W
Whitteg, Albert
Wilcox. Ed
Wilcox. (J. H
Wilcox, Mrs. Gej. .......
Willtings, Charles II
Wilkins, Charles H
Wilkins, J. W
Wiliey. Norm fin T
Williams, A. 1!
Williams. Mr-. Catherine
Williams, Geo. L
Williams, Ceroid
Williams, H. B
Williams,
Williums.
Williams.
Williams.
Williams,
Williams.
Williams.
J. P.
J. P
Lillian
P. M.. Mrs
Shirley
S. M. '
S. W
Williams. Tiionuis
Williams. Tho.;. E.
Williams, Anna E.
Wil.-on. A. Glen .
v-lm.j.L".T1iii TwiitTlT'wnmn"rT-Tmiiii-ini'inT'iii
50
10:1 W
no
o
100 :
loo
100 (j
isbee
9 ?
Wilson, A. L
Wilson, C. S
Wilson, Mrs. Edw
Wilson, Emily ("
Wilson. Erick F.dard
Wilson. E. S
Wilso'.i. John Cl' :i
Wilson. J. E
Wilson, .Ma it
Wilson, Mrs. .Minnie ..
Instead, C. L.
instead, K. R
Winter, Mrs. Alice
iseni.iu, Frautw
Wiswall. Chas
Witt, Carl F
Wittig. Clarence E.
Wittig. Elizabeyi S. . ,
Wittig, E. A
Wiuig, Howard
Wclf. lien
Wolf, lien II
Wolf. G. C
Wollioan, Ethel
Wolschlagel, John ...
250
1UJ
50
li.'i
aO
60
lU'l
li"
IOO
no
loo
10' I
ioo
ioo
500
loo
100
loO
IOO
50
loJ
:.0
20
30
loo
loo
50
7"0
Wood, W. W.
Wooilnury, M:.J
Helen X.
Jr
WooduMii, P. L.,
Wood, H. M. ...
Wood. Win. i. .
Woods. Bert
Woods. B. H. ..
Woods. W. D.
Woolworth ic Co.
Wooten. II. E. .
Wray, F. F
Wright. Arthur F
F. W.
II.
Wright, .Mrs. H. ...
Wrvulit. James W. .
Wright, Mrs. Jcanet
Wylie, Bert
Yellaud. Thos
Yoakum. Jesse ....
Yoakum. Einilic
Yorke. Martha E- .
York, Thomas U. .
York. Thorn. P
Young. Robt. It.
Young, Josephine .
Yusuwa, Kuniinatsn
.iVs:-s. I'eter
Zicsemer. R. A
Zinser. A .J
Y. VV. C. A. CAFETERIA
OPEN TO THE PUBLIC
Prices Reasonable
Breakfast 6:50 to 8:30
Lunch. 11:30 to 1:30
Dinner 5:00 to 6:30
CATARRH i
oft;. "
,3LADDER
V ' t . A - . .
ZC Hours
Lara Cno-
3
Legal Notices.
f Harris
i L
NOTICE OF THE APPLICATION OF
THE BISBEE-WARREN COPPER
COMPANY FOR A UNITED STATES
PATENT
Mineral Survey No. 33S9.
U. S. Land Office, Phoenix, Ariz..
. !:irch 4. 1918.
I I otice is hereby given that tha Bis
I Lve-Warrcn Copper Company, a cor
:pr.;tion orpanized and existing under
the laws of the State of Arizona, with
it principal office at the city of Bis
I bee. by its president end secretary.
I thereunto duly authorized by resolu
i tion of its board of directors, has made
! application for patent for the following
' n;un.i lode mining claims, situated in
'the Warren Miring District of Cochise
i County. State of Arizona, approximate-
ly in Section 13. Township 23 S., Range
2t E.. (unapproved) and Section IS,
j 1 owiis!-.!p 23 S., Range 25 E., described
;as follows:
WARREN "Beginning at Cor. Xo.
1. the S. E. Cor, whence the W. M
, Cor. of Sec. IS, T 23 S.. R 25 E., G. &
S. R. B. & M.. brs. S. 72 42' E. 2425.1
ft., thenca X. 77 57' W. 14'J6.0 feet to
s Fired Water
For Attaching
to Your
Ranae Boiler
Frcvicles abundant supply of
hot water at reasonable cost.
C'-iI! ,.i ov.r L.U.ri' ;::.c ask for
clrrnonr.l; aiion, or nuke rr
.jur?.' f"r rcprcst illative to call
upon you.
Improvement Co.
for. No. 2. the S. W. Cor., thence N.
11 ' ('2' E. 6:0 feet to Cor. No. 3, the
N W Cor., thence S. 77" 57' E. 14J6
ff..i to Cor. No. I. the N. E. Cor
th-.-nce S. 11 u2' W. Hot) faet to Cor.
N'o 1, Ihe place of the Ixsg-'joing, con
taining a net area of 11.471 acres ex
pressly excluding area in conflict with
Survey No. ol5S. P.olla lode of 7.511
ai res, and with Survey No. 3374, Rock
Inn. 1 iode of 1.61J acre."
l:ISU I'li "Beginning at Cor. No. 1.
the S. E. Cor., whence the W M Cor.
of Sec. IS, T. 23 S . 1L 25 E . G. A S.
H I; & M. brs. S. 64 20' E. 943.4 fU
2oo thence X. 77" 57' W. 1458 feet to Cor.
50 Na 2, the S. W. Cor., thence N. 11"
u0 "'2' L 6u0 feet to Cor. No. 3, the N. W.
Go Cor., thence S. 77 57' E. 14!S feet to
ioo ! Cor. No. 4. the X. E. Cor., thence S. 11
ioo ! 02' W. 600 feet to Cor. No. 1, the
place ol the beginning, containing a
uet area of 20.630 acres.
llt'D ROCK "Beginning at Cor. No.
1 the S. E. Cor., thence X. 7S'' 53' W.
146O.&0 feet to Cor. Xo. 3. the S. W.
Ccr.. thrinco X. 21 32' W. 4o6.70 feet
tc Cor. No. 3, the X. W. Cor., thence S.
(7' 57' L. 14Iit.70 feet to Cor. Xo. 4,
the X. E. Cor., thence S. 24 32' K
Hi 5'J feet to Cor. No. 1. the place of
Uib bctiinuiug. a net area of 7.604
acips, expressly excluding area in con-
I ti.tt w itn Survey Xo. 3137 Jack Pot
50 -NO- -
r0 CARBON' ATE "Beginning at Cor.
loo
I No. 1. the X. h t or., whence the V M
I i t ic n S ! IT II k.
li. B. ic M. brs. S. 50" 54' E. 717.3
r)l( I feet, thence
S. 2- 24' W. US5.50 feet
50
no
loO
r.o
"o
loo
to i. or. .no. .
!. the S. E. Cor., thence N.
532.30 feet to Cor. Xo. 3,
57' W.
tho S. W. Cor., thence X. 0 52' E. 60'i
feet to Cor. Xo. 1, thence S. 733 09' E.
27 3i. feet to Cor. Xo. 5, thence N. 13
47' E. 5'J7.S0 feet to Cor. Xo. 6, thence
X. 73' oil' W. 40 feet to Cor. Xo. 7.
loo
-rtlthtnce X. 243 32' W. 345.Su feet to
no
10')
ioo
500
r.o
Cor. Xo. S, the X. W. Cor., thence S.
77' 57' E. 600 feet to Cor. Xo. 1. the
place of the beginning, net area of
J 6:'l acres, expressly excluding area
in conflict with Sulphide lode of this
suivty of 1.532 acres and with Survey
Xo cZ'Ji) Xancy Hanks lode of 5.741
acres.
SULPHIDE treginning at Cor. No.
1, the S. E. Cor., whence the V.
Ccr. of Sec. IS, T. 23 S., R. 25 E., G. tc
S R B. 4c M. brs. N. S7 04' W. 534.7
feci, thence X. o4 32' W. 1463.50 feet
tc Cor. Xo. 2, thd S. W. Cor., thence X.
2" 24' E. 3oo fe to Cor. Xo. 3, thence
X W 02' E. JoO feet to Cor. Xo. 4.
the X. W. Cor., thenoo S. 77 57' E.
5:'7 feet to Cor. Xo. 5. thence S. 6" 31
E t3S feet to Cor. Xo. 6, the N. E.
Cor. thence S. 2 24' W. 559.90 feet
to Cor. Xo. 1, the place of the begin
u.ng, containing a net area of 1S.4C6
ac:es.
j COPPER WEDGE Boginn.ns at
' Ccr Xo. 1, whence tho W. '4 Cor. of
I Se. IS. T. 23 S . K. 25 E.. G. Ac S. R. B.
&. M , brs. X. M 55 W. 1J7.0 feet.
I thence S. 60' 17' W. SS2.30 feet to
i Cci Xo. 2, the S. W. Cor., tfcei.ee X.
2" 24' E. 464 30 U-t to Cor. Xo. 3, the
j N. W. Cor., thence N. S4J 46' E.
jl2lo.S0 feet to Cor. Xo. 4, the N. E.
ICoi.. thence S. 2 24' W. to Cor. No. 5.
th" S. E. Cor., thence X. Ss- 55' W.
j 437.70 feet to Cor. Xo. 1, the place of
; the beginning, containing a net area of
4.691 acres, expressly excludicg area
in conflict with Sulphide lode, this sur
vey of 3.257 acres."
The location notices of these claims
are recorded in the County Recorder
of'.ice, Cocaise County as follows:
Warren Book 53, Page 423.
Bisbee Book 53, Page 426.
Red Rock Book 53, Page 425.
Sulphide Book 53. Page 425.
t opper Wedge Book 53. Pai;e 42L
Csa Donate Book 53. Page 422.
The names of the adjoining claims
ure: Xorth Survey. Xo. 2413 Mayflow
er. Golden Gate, Juniper and Wedge
loces. East Survey Xo. 2425, Delta
lode South Survey Xo. 3390, Golcon
da, Sunshine and Xancy Hanks lodes.
Survey No. 3137. Jack Pot No. 1. and
Jack Pot Xo. 3 lodes. Survey Xo. 215$.
Roila lode. Survey Xo. 3374. Rockland
loae. West. Survey Xo. 3374. Rock-1-ind
lode, Anna lode ununreyed.
owned by R. A. Brethertoa and C. M.
HoLkel.
J. L. IRVIN. Register.
First Publication March S. 191S.
Last Publication May 17, 191S.
i mmm minimi iih mtiimwi
Heate
V
1
it i
I I''
i J
fit
..: n mature la I'm jI-jI.1 ui ..:; .
pi;rfonued.
r THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MAY 5, 1918.
THREE
1
5
V
i
I
i
PROSAIC
STATEMEN
CARRES
WEALTH
E
ABOVE
PSODES
Associated Press Correspondent Discovers Lair of British
Airmen, Watches Preparation for Flight, Departure, Bom
bardment and Return of Pilots; Supreme Daring Marks
Entire Evening.
WITH THIi I5IUT1SH ARM V IX
11 V-WE, March 2). (Corresjton-
i of the Associated Tress) "'In
,iy part ot the night, before the
... ot in our nifcht-flying squadrons
live tons of bombs on two
i.-..is aerodromes," Olficial Com
u. unique.
A most prosaic statement and one
from which the average reader would
tail to get much thrill. "Our l'ight
ll.ing squadrons dropped five tons of
bombs." A mere commonplace; au
incident in the daily routine. So far
as color goes it might have road:
"Our motor transport brought up live
tons of biscuits."
And yet, behind that brief announce
ment, shorn of all heroics, and behind
''ery similar announcement, lies- a
wealth of supreme daring ,of dangers,
seen and unseen, of hair-breath es
capes and nerve-racking episodes.
The correspondent of The Associ
ated Press witnessed the start and the
return of the airmen who "dropp9d
five tons of bombs," and the story of
this very ordinary night may serve to
give the reader some idea of the daily
lift of the airmen who, as it were,
continually battles on the edge of a
precipice while the many hands of
war reach out to drag him djwn.
Arrived at Evening
We arrived at a great British aero
drome just as the evening shades were
falling and the mechanics were leak
ing their final inspection ot the huge
bombarding machines which shortly
were to wheel their way across he
fighting lines with their treight of ex
plosives. Some day-flyers were re
turning from their trips, winging their
way straight and true towards the
aeiodroii-e from all -directions lik3
mighty homing pigeons. A few pilots
were circling in picturesque curves
above the grounds, occasionally swoop
ing down in lightning charges towarl
stationer targets wliile their machine
guns ppat s. steady Ftreaui of livid
tire to the accompaniment of that !
wicked staccato chatter which spells !
one of the greatest terrors of the
front.
The night-flyers were to go out as
scon as darkness had settled, and we
found them all in the mess hall over
their early dinners. Twelve machines
were to engage in the raid in lipnd,
which meant that twenty-four of these
clean-cut boys would soon be risking
their lives over the inhospitable ione
where the Germans watch and wait
for, the appearance of enemy aircraft.
"We joined them at mess and list
ened to their conversation. It gave
one a sensation of witnessing a drama
which could have no basis in fa--t, to
look into their youthful faces with
the realization that within a short
space they might all be called upon '
to pay the great price in defence of
king and country.
Avoid Raid Tack
They were not discussing the raid.
In fact, they seemed to be avoiding it.
Their talk was largely made up of in
coussquental chaff, and it seemed at
moments that there was just a sus
picion ot "aevers" in their outbursts
of laughter. From time to time :-onie
one of them would fall into hilente
and thoughtfulness, only to be re
called from his reverie by the quip
of a comrade. They watched one an
other like brothers, and we wondered
if tker ere not some method in
this badinage of jests, but we asktd
no questions,
A table just back of the correspon
dent was filled with a jolly party.
A newcomer came in and took his
seat, a big broadshoiildered chap with
clear eyes and engaging smile. He
was the pilot of one of the raiding
mat iiinos. He w as pounced upo'i im
mediately. "Your family is very wealthy, wc
hear. Yank."
"Wealthy; I should say it was,"
fcouined a great voice. "I don't work
because I have to. I'm doing this
because I like it."
The speaker Vas a Iiost'.n boy who
had been flying wi'h the ISritish .since.
131j. A few- minutes later he crossed
and touched the correspondent on the
sl.ouMt-r.
' Come over to our table and w; will
iill you up o:i heal color and cham
pagne." he in iied.
There was local color, and i.ium
pagnn, too. for somebody had just re
tched a promotion and was rH'hrat-
Before applying powder give your
6kin a protecting coat of
MARINELLO
Motor Cream
ShicMsskinacainstwind and weather.
Pi event tan aid sunburn. Keeps skin sift
and veivetv. hliminates cause of most com-p'exv-n
deject. Absoluttlv essential to
proper care of facial beauty. Try it.
McDonald's Martnello
Shop Phone S05
T OF WAR OFFICE
OF NERVE-RACKING
HUN BATTLE LINES
lng very mildly with a quart of wine.
We chatted for a few minutes and
the Massachusetts man told a little of
how he had deserted exhibition Hying
in America to join the British forces.
"This bombing business isn't war,"
he volunteered, "I am a chauffeur;
my car is my plane, and my passen
gers are bombs. 1 take my passengers
iover the line and discharge them,
safe and sound, and then come home,"
His eyes twinkled as he said it, brave
fellow.
Start Away Silently
A siren began its uncanny wailing
somewhere outside, and a silenca fell
over the hall. It was the "call to
arms." One by one twenty-four men
separated themselves from their com
rades and stole quietly from the room.
They said nothing; nothing was. said
to them; but scores of friendly, anx
ious eyes looked "bonne chance." We
followed shortly, for we had come to
see the "getaway" and the return.
It was dark. A pale crescent moon
struggled bravely but ineffectively to
clear away the gloom below. Strange,
shadowy figures were flitting noise
lessly about the grounds, and against
the skyline could be . seen the blots
which represented the great machines
that stood waiting for their pilots s.nd
observers. Off toward the east the
sky quivered and glowed fitfully with
the crimson flashes from a myriad
of guns, while the shrapnel hurled
vicious flashes all along the line. It
was toward these ominous beacons
that the flight was going.
There was no delay. Time was
valuable for there were signs that
mists might come at any time. With
in live minutes the throbbing of a
powerful engine began, a machine gun
baikcd as the observer tested the
weapon, and then the plane gljd?d
swiftly away across 'the field and
swept into the air. its little signal
lights gleaming like stars. Another
followed, and another, until the 12
had ail embarked on their perilous
voyage whose ending no one could pro
phesy. Gradually the blinking eyes of the
planes disappeared, and we stood and
counted the minutes as we str.iined
R I
n
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW is givi.ig vln c:.rh paid in advuncc yearly suijscription n aluminum
riouble bo-lcr. This ware is ih- genuine "Quality Brc.nd" and thi;; p:oce retails for $2.25 ;ii the. local stores.
This is sometl.ing that should appeal lo every hc-ucviie. i he ir.eritj ot aluminum v.vue eve- too well known
to need explaining here. The price of lhe "Review' p.-; year in adysncc is $7.30. 1 his makes a saving of
$1.30 besides the valuable premium. A saving of $1. 50 rn an investment of $7.50 amounts to twenty per
cent, which should not be overlooked in this day of rapid!' rising cos-Is. When the subscription is paid
in advance the subscriber is not bothered wit!) collector-; and a great deal of accounting is saved the oiiice. It
is for this reason that we are able to offer this great value absolutely fiee. Simply cut the coupon in the
corner of the page and mail it in to us, with your check for $7.50, and the useful utensil will be delivered
postpaid anywhere in the district or you may call at the office and get it. Either renewal or new subscrip
tion will le accepted. Call in and see them whether ou intend subscribing or not.
cur eyes toward the battle lines where
he nii'lils wnnhl r-riiK.4. Suddenlv a
stream of balls of fire began to mounf
high into the air over the trenches.
The airmen had reached the land of
hate, and their punistmient began in
earnest.
The deluge continued, 'and the shrap
nel flashed in ever increasing num
bers. German searchlights went peer
ing through the clouds, and we learned
later that one ray rested squarely on
a Britisli plane. It vas a heartbreai.
fng moment for the pilot and observer.
Their chances were small, but the
light moved on and upward and the
plane was again enveloped in d;!rk
ness.
One Plane Returns
All the planes but one were across
the line at last. The one machine
ctme wheeling back, flashing its pi r
sonal signal as it felt its way toward
home. A signal from the ground an
swered and the plane circled :knly
down and came bobbing across the
field. Engine trouble had forced a
return, but there had been no acci -
dent.
It neared the hour for the other I dy bears." But what a change in their
planes to be coming back. The rquad-' demeanor. They were no longor the
ron commander was pacing ty r.nd laughing, jesting crowd of two hours
down the field like a caged tiger. His j telore. They were pale and hag ;ard.
nerves were strained almost to the and their eyes were strained and hril
breaking point, and he made no effort I li;:nt. No need for tr.m to say v hat
to conceal it. His boys, the lads they hud been through. Their ftices
whom he loved like a brother, wera told the story.
out there over the boche guns. He i One by or.e they told briefly whnt
himself had spent many bitter days j they had done. They had. or they
and nights in a fighting plane, and had not. reached their objective. The
he knew the hell the flight was going Hun hate? Very bad, ftuleed. but not
through at the moment. And so he
stamped about unhappily, with l is
peering eyes ever on the eastern hori
zon, watching for the twin stars which
would herald the return of at least o:;e
of the wanderers.
Finally a set of lights appeared and
swung swiftly towards the west. 'I);:sh,
dot. dash, dash" went the code.
"It's Brown and Little." sighed the
Commander, and he was off post hp.ste
towards the landing place.' The ma
chine circled and perched.
"That you. Brown?'' the commander
demanded anxiously. "Everything all
right?"
He didn't ask whether they had
reached their objective, or whether
they had dropped their bombs. Were
his boys all right?
"Brown anl Little, are all right,
sir," came the reply.
Ten times more the same thing
happened, the planes sometimes ar
riving in groups. One pilot and his
observer were still out. We wailed a
long time and they did not appear.
The commander took himself off to lie
' alone, and the other officers whi.;per.-d 1 question in the house of commons
j quietly among themselves. There was j this afternoon. Andrew Bonar Uiw,
tragedy in the air. Two of the linrst the government spokesman, said that
! n en in the service were still urac-an important post had been offered to
: counted for. j Admiral Jellicoe, former first sea lord,
' Take Desperate Chance ( which "for reasons which I consider
Merntjme this pilot and observer highly creditable to him. he was tin
were struggling to win a hundred to-j able to accept."
en'? chance against them with cK-nth i
jas the penalty for failure. Out over! It is a very poor mine which will
the German lines their engine went j not assay 'steen lawsuits to the ton
'dead while they were at a height of j and a very barren tract of agricul
I perhaps four thousand feet. They tural ground which will not grow the
Tropped a thousand feet and then the I same.
With Each
Q
.1
mm
for One Year, We Will Give, Absolutely
FREE OF CHARGE
Almninum
J rflot u-ot his ermine working tpain
rpasmodically. I'p they ctawled to
their former altitude with their mve
toward home, and then the engine
gave a final gasp and died.
All the probabilities were that they
would crash and be smashed to pieces.
There -aa only one thing which could
possibly prevent it, and that was an
iron nerve in the pilot's box. He cool
ly started to coast westwards. On he
came until his signal" lights Hlioed
clearly to the watchers in the avro
dr.inie. It was like the flight M a
pli.inioiu machine, with its soundless
engine. The pilot got near the aero
droi it-, and then hesitated. He was
h.st and was coming down rapidly.
sweiing lights flashed back. He swerv
ed anil came swooping down imo the
aerodrome, saved by a f"W yards.
The men were all back and we went
to the commander's office to hear
tin give their reports. Th-y en
tered in twos and threes, their hel
mets pushed back, but still wearing
1 ll.vir bulky garments that made them
look like Arctic explorers, or ted-
a subject for discussion. Their re-l-nts
were taken and they moved
quie.ily away. They wanted to bo
alor.e. '
The llostonian paused for a nio
meni by the Associated I'ress corre
spondent. The big youth still wore
'a smile, but he was subdued. The
"chauff?ur" had had a hard trip that
night. He pulled out his pipe and
iiiied it reflectively.
"This business of bombing is all
habit," he remarked philosophically,
as he crammed the tobacco down.
"The I'ritish army l:as a habit of
fencing us out. ami we have a habit
of &o:u,g and bombing the Hun. All
a htluf, just iike smoking .though per
;';t;v; not quite so pleasant."
Ve shook hands and he went uway
to hi.; bill; t. his great frame com
pletely lilling the office dour as he
stopped cut.
JELLICOE OFPERED POST
(l:y Review leased Wire)
I.OMiU.V, May 4. Replying to a
Paid-in-Advance Subscription to
Ti .
(Ab W
Une
Life inFrance What Soldier
Makes It, ay District Boys
-m -r ' r T"? A. T Plans have been completed to assist
Now bervina in rront LinesW- ent in r and
to niil thp envprnmenf when rasea are
Life in France is just what a soldier
makes it, and is good or bad, accord
ing to the manner in which he ac
cepts the hardships of the war, ac
cording to letters received by George
Boole, of Bisbee, from two former
Warren district residents, now serv
ing their country in the front line
trenches. The one letter is from Pri
vate W. H. Syme and thp other from
Private W. H. McLean, both of whom
are well known in this district.
"I got home October 6, and tffey
had me up for examination on Octob
er 8," says Syme in his 'letter. "1
passed O. K., and left home for Camp
Lewis on October 17. Stayed there
three weeks, and then on to Camp
Mills. Long Island, X. Y. Went In the
machine gun company there, and af
ter one month's training we boarded
a transport off for France. It was
sure some trip. We had Christmas
dinner aboard the boat. I have been
very lucky, as I have been in the best
of health all the time. I ate three
times a day on the boat and kept them
all down.
"We have had some fierce weather.
It was very rold at Long Island, and
we have had two months' of snow
over here. Some weather for a native
of California. The snow Is all gone
now and it is more like our winters
in California.
"After leaving the boat we boarded
box cars and rode for three days and
four nights. We were billited here at
first, but are in tents now. I wish 1
could tell you where I am and what
I am doing hut I can't. I can't say
that I like this country. It may be
alright, but everything is so different;
I think they are about one hundred
years behind the times. These towns
remind me of Bisbee, that is, in the
way they are laid out little narrow
winding streets and sidewalks, but
the buildings are nothing like any
thing in the states. They are all
stone with tile roofs, and very old.
The church here in this town is over
2'0 years old. We have Sundays off,
and we generally go sight-seeing.
"This life is just what you make it,
and you can get by if you are in good
health."
McLean assures residents of the
Warren district that the men of the
I'niled States will give a good account
of themselves with the Germans. He
states: "George. Old Boy, I remem
ber the argument I had with Dannie
Mills very well, and any old time he
tl'.inks we can't whip old kaiser Bill
and his whole' tribe he has another
think coming to him. Any old time
that the Tommies or Sammies get a'
those daned Fritzes. they will know
about it, and will realize that some
thing has .hit them hard. We are in
the best of spirits and never worry
lira
bie:
II
about the final outcome of thU war. ed John G. Brown, of Helena, its spe
Any time the combined forces of the j cially appointed prosecutor, to see
allies make a break, you will hear all ; that its orders rigidly are enforced,
about it in the Bisbee Review." i Governor Sam V. Stewart, chair-
McLean refers to strike reports j man ex-offieio of thes tate council of
which be has heard all the way across j defense, gave this statement to the
the Atlantic, and to conditions in the ( Associated Press:
Warren district. He refers also to' "There shall be no temporizing with
the affairs of last summer. j treason in Montana. Every copper-
"I heard of the strike talk you have , head who lifts his head will lose it."
been liaving out there," he says, "and'
I guess Germans and other Hun !,,-,.,, . 1f
agents of the Teuton tribe were the, ANIA VII! I IM
forerunners of it all. I'm sure glad! lUWUnllln I IU I I III
they were put out, but they didn't de
serve the privilege of box cars when i
they left last summer. They should!
have made them hit the ties for strik-
ing at a time when the country was
in dire need of all the copper it could
et .,
' , . .. . .
Both former Bisbee residents sent
their best regards to their friends 01
this district, and assured them they
will write as often as they have time
and as long as they are in condition
10 wieia a pen.
IDLENESS IS CRIME
UNDER MONTANA LAW
HELENA, Mont.. May 4. Wliat is
considered in this region to be the
most sweeping order yet issued by a
state council of defense, became ef
fective In Montana this morning.
The order abolishes the use of the
German language in pulpits and in
public and private schools. German
txt books have been ordered out of
the schools and public libraries. Oth
er specified books have been placed
under the ban.
Every man in Montana, who is phy
sically able, must find work. He must
keep busy at least five days a week
no matter whether he is a millionaire
or a pauper.
Persons who refuse to work will be
Do Not Get Careless
With
Imparities Invite Disease.
You should pay particular heed to
any indication that your blood supply
is becoming sluggish, or that there is
a lessening in its strong and vital
force.
By keeping: your blood purified,
your system more easily wards off
disease" that is ever present, waiting
toattack wherever there is an open
on
COUPON
iQOl
1 enclose $7.50 in payment for one
j arrested and charged with ragraney.
Sedition, disloyalty, sabotage, failure
I to observe conservation orders and
anti-war activities generally will be
vigorously prosecuted, officials assert.
to be handled by federal officials.
The council of defense has instruct-
SENDS BRIEF WILL
i ,..., . . . . . , ,.
PHOEM.X. May 4.-A few brief ines
to his sister. Bertha Pharr, written
before Wallace Simpson did his last
,t for hjs t.ountry was nied in the
office of tne c,erk of lhe
court as the
j wi of the man who ,ost his fe when
jU)e Tll!iCania was sunk off tite coast
I of jreian(j
The tiny note attached to a legal
blank was filed yesterday. There was
I no word to indicate from where it had
I been sent ncr was there any date on
! the scrap of paper which read:
"Hear Sister:
"Am leaving here within the hour,
i Am sending those deeds, etc. Take
, care of them and if anything happens
. everything is yours. Love.
"Wallie.
"Preparedness is best."
The probate of will will be up for
, hearing in Judge Lyman's court at
1:30 o'clock May 6. The sister of the
man. who was a victim of the Tus
ranla, estimates his back pay from
the navy at approximately $200. a pro
, bable claim due from the bureau of
war risk for aVath is mentioned In a
' petition for letters of administration
and lots in Oakland of unknown value
owned by the decedent are also men
' tinned. 'ilJ
, Besides his sister, the only other
I heir of Simpson is his father, Thomas
Simpson of Denver.
Your Blood Supply
ing. A few bottles of S. S. S, the
great vegetable bkood medicine, will
revitalize your blood and give yoj.
new strength and a healthy, vigorous
vitality. Everyone needs it just now
to keep the system in perfect condi
tion. Go to your drug store and gt
a bottle to-day, and if you need any
medical advice, you can obtain it
without cost by writing to Medical
Director, Swift Specific Co., 23 Swift
Laboratory, Atlanta. Ga,
ew
ler
1918
year's subscription
i
4 I FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW. SUNDAY MORNING, MAY 5, 1918.
I
I
White Goods for Summer Frocks
White Dimity and Voilss, a splendid assort
ment of 27 inch width in checks and stripes at
20c a yard.
Fancy White Voiles, many different pat
terns to choose from at 35c i yard.
Plain White Voiles, 36 tc 44 inches wide.
Excellent values at 35c to 9Cc a yard.
Sheer Flaxons and Shenvttes, 36 to 40
inches wide, in plain, also checks and stripes,
attractively priced from 25c to 65c a yard.
Fine Lingerie Cloth, 36 inch's wide, suitable
for infants' dresses or underwear, etc., 25c yd.
Very Sheer Organdie, wide widths, at 65c,
85c and $ 1 .00 a yard.
White Suiting and Skirting, 36 inches wide,
in a variety of checks and stripes, in good pat
terns. Priced at 35c a yard.
36 inch Mercerized Batiste, very sheer and
soft, 35c, 50c and 75c a yard.
g-v-'v... Yksi.s j-7Mi-i-r-:-Vt-. . er .o- r-.--. . :
v.t '?r .'r r-.'.-i rrrr JU i.- llU
'avs
- A
IS
A Summer White Goods'5 Event ThatTOffers a Substantial!
Saving on Future Prices-Buy Now and Get the Benefit of Quality and Price I
Nineteen-eighteen promises to be a very popular season for white; the Fashion magazine so proclaims it.
These are the days for replenishing the wardrobe and the household for the summer season. ;
The items displayed in this event are much under the present market price and the quality is much higher; j
therefore we suggest an early selection. '
Bargain Booth Specials
Good Quality Seamless Bed Sheets, size
81x90, $1.25 each.
Good Quality Seamless Bed Sheets, size
72x90, $1.15 each.
Good Quality Pillow Cases, size 42x36, 28c.
each.
Extra Good Pillow Cases, size 45x3S2
35c each.
A Big Showing on Huck Toweh
Medium Size Huck Towels, red border,
10c each.
Large Size Huck Towels, red border. 20c ea.
Linen Huck Towels, extra size and extra
heavy, 29c each. .
Women's Plain White Handk erchiefj with
1-4 inch hem, extra value; buy your summer
supply now, 1 0c each.
Nainsook Flouncing, 27 inch, regular 50c
value at 39c a yard.
These Yard-Wide Bleached Muslins Are Moderately Priced
The high price of Muslins is known by everyone who has bought them in the last year and they
are hard to find at any price on the market at present. We were very fortunate to purchase before
advances and our prices are very low while this supply lasts, and the qualities are of the very best,
priced at 20c, 25c and 30c a yard.
Good Quality Ready-Made Sheets and Pillow Cases .
Save a good bit by purchasing your summer supply of Sheets and Pillow Cases from cur un
usually large stock. You can do it easily; simply come in and pick out the sizes you want. All sizes
and prices are represented and the prices are exceedingly low considering the high quality.
Bed Sheetings, Double Width 2 yds. wide, standard grade, 65c a yard.
The New Sport Dresses for
Spring at $19.50
Every Woman Will Like
There is a youthful charm and daring in
these newly arrived models that will lift them
to new heights in feminine preference. Some
are of white crepe de chine in combinations
with silk jersey sleeveless jackets in Kelly
green, turquoise, blues, etc. Others are of
plaid silk ginghams, foulards, crepe de chine,
jerseys and combinations of taffeta and Georg
ette crepe.
No one who sees them but will feel their su
perior attraction, for they are distinctive dress
es of spring time. To think that such dresses
sell for only $19.50.
Beautiful Dresses at-$25.00!
You ought to see them if you are thinking
of buying a new frock for yourself.
The materials are Georgette crepe, crepe de
chine, foulards, pussy willow, meteor, and in
destructible silk voile in foulard patterns,
beads, laces and gold and silver embroideries
are the trimmings, priced at $25.00.
Youthful Sweaters
For Misses and Juniors from 6 to
19 Years
- For commencement and gradu
ation. This is an appropriate time
to start outfitting the girl graduate.
Dresses of organdies, voiles and
nets with lace and ribbqn trimmings.
Girls' Gingham Dresses
New arrivals in Misses' Ging
ham Dresses from 14 to 17 years
in one-piece straight Jine effect,
bustle effect and two-piece coat ef
fect in stripes and Scotch plaids,
$5.95 to $13.50.
Silk Gingham Dresses 6 to 14
years, 3,l.v: to 5l.3U.
We Are Showing Many New Designs in Birges
Quality Wall Paper
To Brighten Up the Home
And the most important factor in the
beauty and attractiveness of the home,
which tends to give that cozy, home feeling
we so dearly relish.
Our carefully selected stock comprises the
newest, the most beautiful and attractive
wall paper.
Nothing is more pleasing than a well ar-
f-lcj ranged home with well selected wall paper.
New Displays of Complete Home Furnishings
Before deciding on the refurnishing of
the home for the Summer, step into this
store and at least look at the complete as
sortments we are now displaying, for they
will give you a good insight as to the new
YArll 1 rVh O 1A S TAT Via inflf
SCI V IVvOUtV llLVIlJgS TT 1U.I1 Ul W JAVS ff g
sought by the better informed housefur- Rfl
j
mmmtmi
HB1
nis
hers
! 1
Whittall
Ohio Vacuum Cleaners
Lighten your housework by the
use of a good Vacuum Cleaner
that does not raise a particle of
dust.
Put All Your Loose Change in
War Savings Stamps. It's the
Patriotic Thing to Do.
Oil Cook Stoves
You can do all your work, cook
ing, washing, ironing and baking
on an Oil Cook Store. A more sub
stantial stove could not be built
Simple in operation. Perfectly
safe. The best help you could pos
sibly put in your kitchen. Use Oil
Cook Stove and enjoy a cool kitch
en this summer. Prices range from
$5.00 to $55.00.
Coats ThatAre" Particularly Smart
At $17.50; $18.50, $21.50, $22.50
The coats this spring are right' in tune with the spirit
of the times with the deft touches of L'Militaire, and
their strim-straight line silhouette. Collars are convert
ible. All the best colors are represented in the favored
weaves as wool velour, wool poplin, all wood serge and
tweed mixtures.
We are also showing an exceptional line of higher
priced coats for Spring and Summer.
J
New Season Millinery
F 7m& - 7.
These New Spring Suits
At $27.50
Are Notably Stylish
Women are going to spend much of their
time this season in Suits, for they are so at
tractive, and always so serviceable.
The woman who is economizing will find
these suits "ready" for every occasion at all
times. The strictly tailored effects and the
moditied waist coats help to give that military ' I j ,
note now so popular. The fabrics used are oforvj
I I 1 1 . II . .1 l i
unusual quamy ana are so aoapcaDie to me
Peking blue, navy, tan, black, gold and black
and white checks.
A Hat for Every Occasion
Trimmed Hats of all shapes and models to please
the taste of every woman that wishes to be dressed in
strict accordance with the new season s fashions.
The New Black and White Sailor for Spring
White Black. This practically tells the story of
these new sailors. It is either all-white, all-black or a
few in black trimmed with white.
A Special Lot of Smart Trimmed Hats at $5.00
for Monday that are worth much more.
. Cute Little Panama Hats for the Kiddies, in sizes
from 1 to 2 years, from $1.75 up. Marvelously pret-
"ty in novel shapes.
Summer Wash Frocks
Priced From $7.60 to $34
Pleasantly light and airy are the charming
Summer Frocks of nets, organdies and voiles,
in many colors, the trimmings are of fine laces
and colored embroidery aplique in the best
style creations of the season.
mite Wash Skirts
We can hardly remember any
such vogue as there is at this mo
ment for washable skirts, piques,
cotton, gabardines, Belgian linens,
cotton corduroy, etc., with wide
Babies and Luxury
Every baby may now enjoy the luxury of the most
beautiful and comfortable carriage ever made. A
wonderful new machine the Lloyd "Loom"
for weaving the bodies and
hood of baby buggies has
recently been invented. It
greatly reduces retail prices.
The Lloyd
"Loom-Woven"
Baby Carriages
The Daintiest and
Most Beautiful
of All Made
Novelty Skirts
These skirts are in exquisite
models for sports and dress wear,
beautifully tailored and finished.
Made of striped and fancy silks in
all colors and black and white. It's
11 1 . a.
girdles and large patch pockets at s a gathering you won t want to
$2.75 to $10.00. j miss. Priced from $7.50 to $25.
Shoes for All the Family Can Be Secured Here
All members of the household will enter
tain no difficulty in securing shoes here to
please them. Our Spring stocks are com
plete with styles to cater to the whims and
fancies of masculine as well as feminine
tastes of all ages.
These styles are in high and low cuts
button and lace; moulded with pliable, but
tough, leathers upon lasts heaped high with
foot ease.
CcHEY surpass in beauty the very
most expensive old-stvle hand-vov
finest and
:pensive old-style hand-woven buggies,
because of the symmetry and fineness of the new
"Loom-Weave." The great saving in labor per
mits the use of the finest materials. Made in
many entirely new and dainty colors. Best
upholsterings.
7
'2k
Comfort and Style in the New Corsets
Corsets that will add immeasurably to the personal ap
pearance of the wearer, provided you select the model suited
to your figure. Corsets that have always proved most sat
isfactory in fit, in lines and service in all that goes to make
up corset quality.
Warner "Rust Proof' Front Lace Corsets from $2.50
to $4.50.
Modart Corsets, made of coutil and broche in cotton and
silk, priced at $3.50 to $10.00.
Many Beautiful Kimonos for Spring
A wonderfully diversified collection of kimonos in Japan
ese crepe and wash materials. Many floral and Japanese
patterns and designs are here.
Wash Kimonos from $1.25 up.
Japanese Crepe Kimonos from $2.95 up.
U. S. FOOD ADMINISTRATION LICENSE NUMBER G-13942
Slip-Over and Open Style
SWEATERS
A sweater for every purpose can
be found in this large showing;
there are riber, Shetland and ice
wool -sweaters in colors as rose, sal
mon, nile, jade, purple, coral, tur
quoise and combinations of same
in open and slipover styles at most
any price you wish to pay.
New Smocks and Middies
There are Japanese crepe, new
ginghamis, white silks, etc., in the
plain and slipover styles.
Every Thrift Stamp you
Gives the Hun a black eye.
4 Shots for a Dollar.
buy
THE ONE BRIGHT SPOTiin BISBEElIsJOUR SHOW WINDOWS-WHERE the SMARTEST STYLES ARE ALWA YS SHOW
rxr THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MAY 5, 1918.
FIVE
Advertisements
Advertisements
Male Help Wanted
WRITE TO "Y. M. C. A. Schools, Los
Angeles," about Auto, Radio, Com
mercial and Engineering courses.
Train for service. 268
V AN T E D W ringer boy; apply City
Dye Works. 387
WANTED Soda dispenser. Warren
Drug Co. 320
MEN WANTED To learn Aeroplane
and automobile business in Detroit.
Good advancement. Address by let
ter only. National Training Corp.,
702 Woodward Ave., Detroit. Mich.
361
i.caRN actual auto repairing, book-i.i-Bping,
shorthand, radio engineer
...... oung Men's Christian Asso-
i.i..ou, Los Angeles. Catalog tree.
230
female Help Wanted
WANTED Girl for general house
work, E. Marks, Tank Hill. 314
WANTED Housekeeper on ranch. Ap
ply P. L. Savage, general delivery,
Bisbee. 34S
THREE BRIGHT CAPABLE Women
to travel. $25.00 to $50.00 per week.
Weekly advanca for traveling ex
penses. Goodrich Drug Co., Dept.
131, Omaha. Nebr. 358
WANTED Registered high school
teacher to teach certain four sub
jects evenings. Write P. O. box 248,
Bisbee. 317
WANTED Woman dinner cook;
French kitchen. Brewery Gulch. 87
For Sale
FOR SALE 5-room furnished house;
74-A Brewery Gulch. 135
TYPEWRITER PAPER, good bond,
paper, 81-2x11. at $1.0u per BOO
Btieets. Review Job Dept.
FOR SALE Uncalled for Butt?.
Levin Tailoring Co., Lowell.'
M.
904
RULED INDEX CARDS 5x3 inches,
for sale at, Review Jos Department,
315
FOR "SALE Furnished cottage, in
Warren, easy terms and a bargain
if soH at once. 217 tiazzard St., or
box 1919, Bisbee.. 366
FOR SALE JOne twelve-room Apart
ment House on Opera Drive, rea..i
ably closra in. A good buy for an
experienced party. C. H. Hogan. be-
low Copper Queen Hotel. 275
TYPEWRITER PAPER, good bond,
paper. 81-2x11, at "fl-'oo per- 600
sheets. Review Job Dept. -
FOR SALE 20 Acres for Chickens;
close to McNeal; shallow water; pay
$20.00 down and $20.00 per month.
E. P. Grindell, McNeal, at Lowell on
Saturdays. 240
FOR SALE Furniture for 4-rooms;
last house Kansas St., Johnson Ad
dition. 246
FOR SALE New furniture of two
rooms cheap; for quick sale; Co
chise row, phona 862. 325
FOR SALE Furniture of 23-room
rooming house, 14 sleeping rooms, 10
housekeeping rooms, clear $100 a
month, address P. O. Box'lS96, Bis
bee. 323
FOR SALE Day-old chicks that live;
Barred Rocks, R. I. Reds, White
Leghorns. Guaranteed Delivery. J.
A. Liggett, Phoenix, Ariz., R. No. 2.
321
For SALE Two- choice lots,
Geo. Waldsn, Don Luis.
inquire
207
FOR SALE House in Warren; five
rooms, bath and sleeping porch;
with lurniture, gas stove, ice box,
rugs, extra tine piano. Price $2600.00.
Address K., Review. 2'JO
FOR SALE 4-room furnished house in
South Bisbee; cheap; owner leaving
town. M. C. High. 314
FOR SALE Good-paying, well estab
lished business on Main St.; party
leaving town. M. C. High. 314
FOR SALE Large Carey office safe;
cheap; apply at rooms 5 and 6, Allen
Block. 310
FOR SALE One new lire-ioom h'.ur-e.
with bath and gara'j; Tombstone
Canyon, or box 1883, Bisbes. 68
PETEY DINIC Let Petey Worry
A'Bo.VT
Time Woo
Biu.- Hows
IT coikicf
DAILY REVIEW WANT ADS
under this head at the rate of 1 cent per word each lBsue, with a minimum charge of 25 cents
must reach The Review -office not later than 8 p. m. for Insertion In next morning s paper..
For Sale
FOR SALE Furnished house, in War--
rt-n; 6 rooms; all conveniences; one
block iroiu car line and postotfice;
lot 7OMO0; Bargain. Call at War
ren poet off ice. 351
FOR SALE 3-room, furnished, mod
i ern house, Mason Hill, back of Port-
er Hor.fg, Mratz car stop. 377
jFOR SALE One four-roan completely
furnished house; also, una Vive room
unfurnished house. Both rWd l.uys.
C. H. Hogan, below Copper Quten
Hotel. 269
Furnished Rooms
FOR RENT Three furnished rooms,
76 Jiggervllle. '309
FOR RENT Bisbee Hotel, Furnished
rooms with running water. 352
MOOSE HOTEL Furnished rooms
$2.00 per week and up. 377
FOR RENT Two furnished rooms;
gas and lights in; no children. 31
Montana St., Johnson Addition. 381
FOR RENT Three rooms; furnished;
237 School Hill. 346
FOR RENT Two furnished rooms;
man and wife; no children; 218
Highroad, School Hill, Anna Mur
phy. 318
FOR RENT Three furnished rooms;
apply Dan Gerrity, Jones Hill. 24
FOR RENT Two furnished light
housekeeping rooms 163 Opera Drive
SS8
For Rent
FOR RENT 2 furnished rooms; water
and lights furnished; also for sale,
3-rooms with large porch, Winwood
Aduitlon. A. Hamrick. 923
FOR RENT Two story building, with
la.r' basement, suitable for whole
sale bouse or storage and warehouse
business. In center of Bisbee busi
ness district. Rent reasonable. Ap
. ply bisbee Daily Review. 542
FOR RENT Front room with three
winaows and closet. Breakfast Sun
day mornings, 99 Mason Hill, near
cut- stop. . 963
FOR RENT Two light housekeeping
rooms; Alaska itooms, next to Coun
ty Jail 245
FOR RENT One or two furnished
housekeeping or batching rooms;
cheap; 67 Upper Lowell. 322
FOR RENT Furnished house. 207
Highroad. ' 324
FOR RENT One 4-room bouse with
bath; in Warren; call Brophy Black
smith 'shop for information.. - 326
FOR RENT One sleeping and hatch
ing room at the Gasson House, 35
School Hill. 327
FOR RENT Completely furnished 5
,room bungalow, in Warren; call at
Mrs. Albert E. Wittig's, opposite the
Greenway School. 349
FOR RENT Four housekeeping
rooms; good location for boarding
house; State Highway Hotel, Low
ell; next Brophy Garage. 274
FOR RENT Two nice housekeeping
rooms, 35 Montana Ave., Johnson Ad
dition. One sleeping room, good for
two men, 35 Montana Ave, Johnson
Addition. 312
FOR RENT Rooms, batching or
housekeeping, 176 Naco Road, Hol
brook stop.
FOR RENT Two furnished house
keeping rooms, light and water furn
ished; cement block house, back of
El Paoo House. 313
FOR RENT 3-room house, 97, B,
Young Blood HilL 314
'FOR RENT Two housekeeping rooms
49 v K. street. 749 ;
FOR HfcJNT One 5-room, modern
houss, with garage. On carline,
Tombstone Canyon. Apply to A. G.
Ascber, Mason Ave. car stop. 353
FOR RENT Large garage, across
subway from laundry stop, call 645.
363
FOR RENT Two furnished housi
keeping rooms, back of Henderson
Lumbe.' yard, 61 Walsh Ave. 388 I
FOR KENT 3 room, unfurnished
house, William Sllnoy, Locklin Ave.
356
ME MASMT A CHAMCE.
ViTh
TO 6ETA DecElVT JOB.
TfHAT
For Rent
FOR R3NT- Furnished housekeeping
rooms, 41-B, O. K. Street. 359
FOR RENT Two large, desirable
rooms; complete for housekeeping;
no children. 30 Johnson Ave., John
son Addition. 376
FOR RENT Two large, light house
keepiit rooms; gas, lights and
water. 16 Tate Hill, Johnson Ad
dition, phone 522 Red, Mrs. Calli-i
son. It
Wanted
WANT WASHING and lroamj; by da.
Ring iVi. 273
WANTED Roadster, in good condi
tion; no Fords. Phone 110. 386
WANTED To buy 5-room house;
furnished or unfurnished; close in.
Bert Ctement, Red 728. 364
WANTED Miners with personal ac
quaintance throughout Warren Dis
trict; can more than double present
earnings, without interference with
regular work. Answer with address
to box 2331. . 156
WANTED To sell boarding and room
ing house, on account of sickness
R.. Review; 11
Personal
GOSSA.RD CORSETS for sale, from.
$2.00 up All corsets fitted. Call
after 1 p. m., over Independent Fuel
Store, Upper Main. 241
Money' to Loan
$50,000 TO LOAN an improved city
property or for building, 0:1 easy
terms of payment. T. A. Hughes,
over Bonk of Bisbee. 2SS
SMALL quick loans on your personal
noto to salaried men and women, al
ii o on :'urniture. Cox Loan Co. Room
2, Lyric Theatre building. 166
Lost
LOST Small Bible. India paper, lap
corner, with snap fastner. Might
have been left in jitney. Return to
Revieiv 350
LOST On Chautauqua .grounds, last
Monday afternoon a $10 bill tied
in ladies handkerchief. Please leave
with superintendent of Chautauqua
or at this office. ' 363
LOST Between depot and Orpiieum,
or at the Orpheum; a brown and
blue silk bag, trimmed with beads
and blue balls. Return to Review
and ec3i,-e re-.vr.t,. 185
LOST On street, 3-4 C. ladies dia
mond ring, platinum setting. Liberal
reward for return.. Dr. R. Claza.
347
LOST A pair of large gold rim nose
glass 33. Finder return to Review
and rsceive reward. 2S9
Positions Wanted
EXPERIENCED STENOGRAPHER,
capable of taking charge of corie
sponJeuce, desires position. Phon
242. 311
Miscellaneous
INES WARBURTON, GOSSARD COR
SETS, will be at home to her cus
tomers in the future, up stairs, ovsr
Independent Feed Store. Phone 841.
386
AMERICA AND THE GREAT WAR
for humanity and freedom. Just
the information "every American
wants. Profusely illustrated. Low
price. Big profit. $225.00 guaran
teed. Sample free. International
Pres.i, Philadelphia. 353
PATRIOTIC PICTURES"" "America,
We Love You." "Pershing in France".
"Duty Calls," "Love of Freedom."
one by mail. 25 cents. Frank Mc
Cormick. 150 North Main St., Los
Angeles, Cal. 328
Stock Salesmen
STOCK SALESMEN Financial housa
has opening for five $1.oom per
month Ftock salesmen to follow up
live K'iids, which cost us from $10
to $15 a piece in small towns. Strong
selling issue. Have active endorse
ment of many prominent men; 25
to 30 leads when salesman Ftarts;
more continually. Excellent- refer
ences leouired. Address Sales Man
ager, (;24 Otis Bldg., Chicago, 111.
i 360
A HoRrz DiGkiitcD J
look '-ihe: T5AvLj
VRCSIDEMTS JR. SOMETMIW6 W
,
fig
Salesmen
WANTED Men and women SALES
MANAGERS, for great Fuel Conser
vation device; cuts fuel bills in half;
helps jour government; bigniouey
maker - Simplex Mfg. Co., Seaboard
Bank Mdg., Seattle. ;sh. 3ii2
Professional Cards
MADAME J. REA KEYS, St. Rets ho
tel. Loell, Ariz. Phone 62. Clair
voyant and crystal reader. Dead
trance spirit medium born with a
double veil, without asking questions
gives you dates, facts and figures
aud will read jour entire life. 720
. USE ALLEN'S F00TEASE,
Tbe antiseptic powder to be shaken Into the sboef
and sprinkled in the foot-baih. If 700 viol rest
and comfort for tired, acbiag, swollen, sweating
feet, nee Aliens Foot Eae. It Instantly relieves
soreneM, and prerrnts blisters aud callous spots.
Just the thine for Dancing Parties, Patent Leather
Shoes, and for Breaking in New hoes. Try it
ta-iai. Sold everywhere, SSe. Don't aectpt an
titftitvtr. For FKEg trial package, address
Allen 8. Olmsted, Le Koy.K. V.
Legal Notices
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR
U. S.LAND OFFICE, AT PHOENIX.
AL1ZOXA. APRIL 13, 191S.
Not'co is hereby given that Albert
Ii.-Uldham, of Bisbee, Arizona, who on
April 9, 1915, made Homesteatl Entry
No. 027120, for SE'i. Sec. 13, EViXE'i,
NEVlSE'4, Section 24, Township 22-S.
Range 25-E, G & S R B & Meridian,
has filed notice of intention to make
threw year proof, to establish claim
to the land above described, before
Jarca D. Taylor, U. S. Commissioner,
at Bisbee, Arizona, on the 22nd day of
May. J 918.
Claimant names as witnesses: Wil
liam H. Witherell, Andrew M. Maxuui,
Henry Ash, James E. Kenney, all of
Bisbee, Arizona.
x: JOHNL.IRVIN,
Register.
Piret publication, April 2V, 1918; last
publication May 22, 1918.
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR
U. S. PATENT
Mineral Survey No. 3387
. Serial No. 038239
United Stated Laud Oliice, Phoenix,
Arizona, March 1, 1918.
Notice is hereby given: That R. A.
Bretherton and C. Al. Ilenkel, whose
postoifice addresses is Bisbee, Cochise
County, Arizona, have made applica
tion for patent for the following named
lode 'mining claim, situated m the
Warren Mining District, Cochise Couu
ty, Arizona, In Section 13, unaudited,
T. 23-S. H. 24-E. G. & S. P. B. & M,
described as follows, to-wit:
fclUCCESS: Beginning at Corner
No. 1, the Nv E. corner, wheuce me
Wi corner of Section 18, T. 23-S. tt.
2b-E. G. & S. R. B. & M. bears N. 89
11' E. 2948.8 feet; thenca S 4" 34' W.
326.40 feet to corner No. 2; thence N.
87" 21' W. 1500 ieet to corner No. 3;
thence N. 4 34' E. 425.30 feet to -r-ner
No. 4; thence S. 83 34' E. 1500
feet to corner No. 1, the place of be
ginning, containing a net area cf 7.351
acres, expressly excluding area in con
flict with Survey No. 3117, Bruce Dodo
ot U.S02 acres, and with Survey .No.
3117, Baltic Lode, of 17s3 acre..
The .location notice of this claim is
recorded inithe of lice of tUo County
Recorder of Cochibe County, Arizona,
as follows: , .
SUCCESS Book 49. Records
of Mines, Puge 138.
The names of the adjoining claims
to this survey are: On the North Sur
vey No. 2176, Corona lode and Survey
No. 3158, Corona lode; on the East
Survey No. 315, Roil lode and Sur
vey No. 3117 Baltic lode; on tno Soutu
Survey No. 3117 Baltic lode and Sur
vey No. 3117 liruce lode; on tne West
Survey No. t'029 Horse Shoe ioUe.
J. L. 1RV1N, Renter.
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR U.
S. PATENT'
Mineral Survey No. 3333.
U. S. Land Office, Phoenix, Ariz.,
March 6, 1918.
. NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that
the' Bisbee-Warren Copper Company,
a corporation organizod and existing
under the laws ot the state of Arizona,
with its principal office at the city of
Bifboe, by its prepMent and secretary,
thucunto duly authorized by resolu
tioi. of its Board of Directors, has
m;.de application foi a patent for the
Wildflower lode mining claim, sifuat
ed in Warren .Mininn District, Cochise
County, State of Arizona, in Section IS
Township 23, South. Range 25 East,
G. S. R. B! ac M.. which claim is 'de
scribed as follows, to-wit:
Beginning at Cor. No. 1, th W. U
Cor. of Sec. IS, T. 23 S.. R. 23 E.. G &
S. R. B. & M, 'r3. N. 88" 15' W. 1651
ft., thence S. 83" 55' E. 443.5 feet to
Cor No. 2. thence N. 2 24' E. 102.3
feet to Cor. No. 3, thence S. 73" 49' E.
inoo.0 feet to Cor. No. 4. the N. E. Cor,
theice S. 2" 24' W. 600 feet to Cor.
No 5, the S. E. Cor., thence N. 73 49'
W. 1456.5 feet to Cor. No. 6, the S. W.
Cor., thence N. 2" 24' E. 378.8 feet to
Cor. No. 1. the place of the beginning,
containing net area of 17.839 acres.
The location notice of this claim Is
recorded in the County Recorder's of
fice. Cochise County, State of Arisona.
as follows: Book 57 Record of Mines.
I at page 43 T.
The names of the adjoining claims
'are: North Sur. No. 2124. Delta lode,
ISur. No. 2062. Golden Era, No. 1 lode.
East Sur. No. Z002, Little Era lode,
American lode, unsurveyed, owned by
I John Fitzpatrick. South, Anvil lode,
I unsurveyed. owned by John Fitzpat
rick. West, Golconda lode, Sur. No.
339C.
I J. L. IRVIN, Register,
i First Publication March 8. 1918.
Lat Publication May 17, 1318.
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR
U. S. LAND OFFICE AT PHOENIX,
ARIZONA, APRIL 13, 1918.
Notice is hereby given that George
L. Dunn, of Stark, Arizona who, on
April 17, 1913. made Homestead En
try, No. 022187, for WNEVi. W'SE
U. Sec. 35, and on February 17, 1915,
mads rdditional Homestead Entry. No.
026 7G5 for SEUNWi. ESW4. SW'4
SWU, Section 35, Township 23-S,
Rano 22-E, G & S R B & Meridian,
has filed notice of intention to make
three year Proof, to establish claim
to, tl'.e land above described, before
Jared D. Taylor, U. S. Commissioner,
at Iisbeo, Arizona, on the 23rd day
of May, 1918.
Claimant names as witnesses? Joel
H. Alien, Cornelius N. Driscoll, Charles
A. Martin, all 3 of Hereford, Arizona.
JOHN L. IRVINE,
Register.
First Publication, April 20, 1918; last
publication May 23, 1913.
NOTICE OF THE APPLICATION OF
THfc BISBEE-WARREN COPPER
COMPANY FOR A UNITED STATES
i . Mineral Survey No. 3390
PATENT
iU. S. LanJ Office, Pnoeuix, March 4,
I 1918.
I Nxtice is hereby given that the Bls
j bee-Warren Coppor Company, a cor
poration organized and existing under
the laws of the State of Arizona, with
its principal ofiice at the city ol Bis
be;. by its president and- secretary,
, thereunto duly authorized by resolu
! ticii of its board of directors, has made
jai.piic.iUun for patent for the follow
i lng named lode mining claims, bearing
' copper, sold and silver, situated in the
i Warren Mining District ot Cochise
iCounty, Stata of Arizona, approxl
imatcly in Section is, Township 23
! South, Range 25 E., and Section 13,
j Township 23 South, Range 24 East
i (unapproved) described as follows:
GOLCON'DA "Beginniug at Cor. No.
! 1, the N. W. Cor., whence the W. M
Cor. of Sec. 18, T. 23 S., R. 24 E., G. &
Is. K. B. & M., bis. N. SI" 55' W. 157.9
Ifeet, thence S. SS" 55'. E. 1494.20 feet
i to Cor. Mo. 2, the N. E. Cor, thence
S. 2 24' W. 6u0 feet to Cor. No. 3, the
is. E. Cor., thence N. 8b" 65' W. 1494.20
feet to Cor. No. 4, the S. W. Cor.,
tthtrce N. 2 24' E. 6U0 feet to Cor. No.
1, tne place of the beginning, contain
iiiiK a net area of 20.576 acres."
j HOLD OVER-i-' Beginning at Cor.
I No. 1, the N. W. Cor, whence the W. M
i Cor. of Section 18, T. 23 S., R. 25 E.,
G. ci S. R. B. & M. brs. N 11 55' W.
1 035.4 feet, thence S. 88 55' E. 1434.20
feet to Cor. No. 2, the N. E. Cor.,
(thence S. 2 2i' W. CuO feet to Cor.
'No 3, the S. E. Cor., thence N. 88 55'
iW. 14'J4.20 feet to Cor. No. 4, the S. W.
jCor., thence N. 2 24' E. 600 feet to
i Cor. No. 1, the place of the beginning
containing a net area of 20.576 acres."
HORSE SHOE "Befcinning at Cor.
N; 1, the S. W. Cor., whence the Cor.
'for the S. W. Cor. of Sec 18 and the
IN. W. Cor. ot Sec. 19 T. 23 S., R. '25 E.,
G. & S. R. U. &. M. brs., S. 8" 25' W.
:S3o.2 feet, thence N. 2" 24' E., 600 feet,
(to Cor. No. 2, the X. W. Cor., thence
iS 83" 55' E. 1491.20 feet to Cor. No. 3,
jthe X. E. Co.v, thence S. 2" 24' W.
j 4JJ.30 feet to Cor. No. 4, the S. E. Cor.,
thence S. 87 03' W. 1500.30 feet to
Cci. No. 1, the place of the beginning,
containing a net trea ot 18.767 acres."
APEX-"Beginning at Cor. No. 1,
the S. W. Cor., whence the Cor. for the
S V. Cor., of Sec. 18 and the X. W.
Cor. of Sec. 19. T. 23 &. R. 25 E., G. &
IS. R. II. & M. brs. S. 19" 29' E. 870.9
ifect, thor.ee X. 12' 27' E. 327.40 feet
to Cor. No. 2, the N. W. Cor., thence
S. 87 18' E. 15'iS.60 feet to Cor. No.
3. the N. E. Cor., thence S. 12" 27' W.
I 00.7 feet to ( or. No. 4. the S. E. Cor.,
!thr.iice X. 81" 32' V.'. 1497.90 feet to
Ccr. No. 1, the placa sf tho nngtnning.
containing a net area of 5.279 acres
expressly excluding area in conflict
with Hore Shoo lode of this survey
cf 6.3C4 acres and with Sunshine lode
of this survey of 0.784 acres."
SUNSHINE "Beginning at Cor. No.
i 1. tho N. E. Cor., whence the W. 4
i Cor. of Sec. 13 T. 23 S R. J5 E., G. &
S. II. B. & M. brs. N. 81 55' W. 157.9
feet, thence S. i" 24' W. 1500 feet to
LODGE NOTICES
Cards of every fraternal order In the Warren District; giving the essential
facts of earii, their meeting nights, tb?ir officers and the place of gather
ing will be found under their respective headings In these columns.
BISBEE LODGE, NO. 718.
Meets every Friday night. Moose Hall
Visiting brothers cordially invited.
V. K. TONKIN, Dictator.
KAY ROSS, Secretary.
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA.
DREADNAUGHT.
I O. L- NO. 210.
meets In L O.
O. F. Hall first
and third
MONDAY at
7:30 p. m.
Visiting broth
ers cordially
invited to at
tend. Win. T. SM1THAN. W. M.
ROBERT FERGUS, Secretary
P. O. Box 426, Bisbee.
BROTHERHOOD OF AMERICAN
. YEOMAN
Richard I, Homestead . 895, meets
second and fourth Tuesday at Odd
Fellows' hall. Visiting Archers are
cordially invited.
MRS. C C. FINLAYSOX, Fbreman
P, C. Box 1526.
E. D. STLNSOX, Correspondent
Box 1490.
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD.
Lowell Camp No. 46 will
meet every Wednesday
at 7:30, Brophy NaU.
H. C. LANDAU. C C,
O. B. THOMAS, Clerk,
All Woodmen invited.
PYTHIAN SISTERS
Lily Temple No. 3 meets every 2nd
and 4th Thursday evening of each
month at Odd Fellows HalL Visiting
Bisters are cordially invited.
MINNIE BLUM, M. E. C.
Phone Black 851.
IDA GLAZE, M. of R. C.
Box 147
Coi. No. 2, the S. E. Cor., thence S.
66' 17' W. 668.20 feet to Cor. No. 8.
t"hfi S.-V7. Cor., thence N. 2 24' E.
1500 feet to Cor. No. 4, the N. W. Cor.,
thence X. 66 17' E. 668.20 feet to Cor.
No. 1, the place of the beginning, con
'taiaing a net area of 20.6'io acres."
XAXCY HANKS "beginning at
Ccr No. 1. the N. E. Cor4 whence the
V J.i Cor. of Sec. 18, T. 23 S.. R. 25 E.,
G. & S. R. B. & M. brs. X. 57" 26' E.
54C.4 feet, thence S. 2 24' W. 1500
feet to Cor. No. 2, the S. E. Cor.,
thence S. 66" 17' W. 668.20 feet to Cor.
No. 2, the S. W. Cor., thence X. 2 24'
E 1500 feet to Cor. Xo. 4, the X. W.
Cor., thence X. '6" 17' E. 66S.20 feet
to Cor. No. 1, the place of the begin
ning, containing a net area of 19.550
acres, expressly excluding area in con
flic' with Survey No. 2454, William B.
Mot. re lode ot t' 152 acres, and with
Survey Xo. 3137 Jack Pot Xo. 2 lode
ot 0.958 acres."
The location notices ot these claims
are recorded in the County Recorder's
Office, Cochise County, as follows:
Golconda Book 57, Record cf Mines
Page 105.
Hold Over Book 3S, Record of
Mines, Page 463.
Horse Shoe Book 30, Record of
Mines, PagC 330.
Apex Book 57, Record of Mines,
Page 481.
Sunshine Book 30, Record of Mines
Pago 332.
Nancy Hank3 Book 30, Record of
Mines, Page 331.
The names ot the adjoining claims
arc: North Survey No. 3.JS9, Carbon
ate. Copper Wedge and Sulphide lodes,
Sutvey No. 2425. Delta lode. East,
Survey No. 338S. Wildflower lode. An
vil Forge and Copper Era lodes, unsur
veed, owned by John Fitzpatrick.
South, -Coppor Era lode, unsurveyed,
owtied by John Fitzpatrick, Survey
No. 2454 Vic Roy and William B.
Moore lodes. West Survey No. 3137,
Jack Pot No. 2 lode, Survey No. 338'J
Carbonate lodo.
Ihe official survey ot said mining
claim being Mineral Stirvev No. 3390.
J. L. IRVIN. Register.
First Publication March 8. 1918.
Lnn Publication May 17. 1918.
REVIEW WANT ADS BRING I
RESULTS.
n. sW wa
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED AMERI
CAN MECHANICS.
Meets In Medlgoric
Hall every Tuesday
night. Visiting brothers
welcome.
S. F. BENTON. Councillor.
J. U BENTON, Recording Secretary.
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS.
Rathbone Lodge No. 10.
Knights of Pythias,
meets each Thursday
(except second) in Odd
Fellows' Hall at 7:3
p. m. Visiting brother
cordially invited.
LEON H. RICE, C C.
EARL. SOBLEY. K. of R. 8
FRATERNAL ORDER OF EAGLE.
Bisbee Aerie, No. 175, F. O. E meet
first and third TUESDAYS. 8 p. is.
Eagle. Halt Visitors cordially wi
come.
J. F. WILMOTH. President.
I F. C. FENDERSOX, Secretary,
a L. EDMONDSON, Aerie Physicias.
LODGE NO. 671.
Regular meeting first and third Fri
day of each month. Visiting brothers
cordially invited to attend. Box 1322.
JAS. A. ALLISON, Exalted Ruler.
R. J. KELLY, Secretary.
KNIGHTS AND LADIES OF SECURI
TY, BISBEE COUNCIL NO. 2115.
Meets every second and fourth Sat
urdays in the month at L O. O. f.
Hall. 7:30 p. to. Visiting members are
cordialiy invited.
ARNOLD SCHMID. President,
P. O. Box 3483, LowelL Ari.
FREDERICK J. ATTAWAY.
Secretary, LowelL
E. LIXDQUIST. Financial Secretary.
P. O. Box 3246. LowelL
BISBEE LODGE. NO. 10, I. O. O. F
meets every
'.Si. J-'"
svpninc at Cid
rr-rf? Fellows' HaiL
Main street, at 7:30 o'clock. Visiting
brothers cordially Invited to sue ad.
Hall phone 119.
H. R. TAYLOR, X. G.
CARL V. NELSOX. Secretary.
ORDER OF EASTERN STAR.
meets in Masonic Hal'
Peail Chapter. No. 6, meets
m Masonic Hall second an4
fourth Tuesday of eac
month at 7:30 p. m.
MRS. EMMA WOODS, W. M.
Phone 161, Box 43. Bisbee.
MRS. JESSIE BEVAN. Secy. P. O.
Box 2299.. Chairman Relief Com .
Phone 16L
WESiCVEXDING. MAY 11. l'.'ls
Mont-sy 2nd Degree.
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday Chapter Reg.
I Friday
Saturday W. W. GIDLEY, W. M.
B. T. W ATKINS, Secy. F. & A. M.
J. W. TOLAXD. E. H. P.
C. F. PHILBROOK. T. L M.
F. E. BENNETT, E. C.
F. S. DAVENPORT. Secretary Chap
ter and Commandery.
W. R. BANKS. Secretary CounclL
""NV FRATERNAL
i 77 BROTHERHOOD
FSZ'VVr Bisbea Lod?e xo.
i'-l-tafea 2 meets the 1st
aTT I and 3rd Mondays
ot each month at
7:30 at Medigo-
vich HalL Visit-
; members cordially invited.
B. F. MOSS. President
MRS. C. E. FINOTTL Treasurer.
Box 722. Tel. 236. Red.
HOXORA MUNCH. Secretary.
Box 1S21
MOuERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA.
tr--rrt Bisbea Camp No. 13415.
Meets first Tuesday at
fN- Odd Fellows' HalL
rrf R. L, MOTZ. Consul
4d H. F. MATH EWSOX,
tiern.
By C A. VOIGHT
3
S0Y fTa
i-r
ft :i THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MAY 5, 1918.
Arizona Military Band
To Tour Baby State In
Bid Red Cross Benefit
iam T. Bridges, Roy Byerly
Whitehead, Georpe Rya
Joseph Stephens, W. L. Miller. Jolin
Sweeping Terms of Sabotage Act as
pSSSS o'prf by Department of Justice
James McKenzie, W. V. Austin, E. i
Anderson, Fred Meyers, Joseph Har-j
per, James Nolan, George Harvey, W. j
H. Faust,
dees not. however, effect the teaching
force in the Los Ant-les V. M. C. A.
s; hools. which are training stenogra
phers, engineers, automobile and wire
less operators . in large numbers for
I'ncle Sam's service at home and
a 1-road.
The art of Congress entitled "An
George Long, William Pct-a:t to punish the willful Injury or de-
;erscn, Otton Giesberg, Johu J. Con-! gtructlon
'nors. Julius Weinberg. Frederick Ls
Musical Organization Now at Camp Funston, Kansas, Is
Preparing for Twenty Day Concert Trip Through Cities
from Which Members Were Drafted; Thomas Egan
Prepares to Receive Soldiers in District.
of war material, or of war
nremises or utilities used fn connec-
mond, Dan Murray, Louis Tori. Felix tion wj,n war material, and for other
Cedno, Frank Johnson, Charles Koe- purposes" (popularly known as the
nig. J. Devrics, Steele Farmer, Torn j sabotage bill) approved April 20. 191S,
Mason and Murphy. The lat , is . tne most iniDortant and sweeping
ter three have not "been arrested.
The 340th Field Artillery band, an 340th F. A., Camp Funston, Kansas,
organisation compose,! of Arizonaj in which he states that their band,
men w ho have been drafted and have j composed of Arizona men, has been
entered the service at Camp Funston, granted permission to make a tour
Fort Riley, Kansas, will tour Arizona j through their home state, providing
cities and play for Arizona audiences I financial arrangements can be made,
in a gigantic Red Cross benefit, be-jlfe states that the 340th band is rated
tw een May 20 and June 10, if arrange-1 as one of the best in the camp, and
ments now on foot are completed. carries in addition several soloists.
Secretary Thomas A. Egan of the War . both vocal and instrumental, as well
ren district eommerc'al club, assisted as an excellent orchestra.
by secretaries of other commercial or
ganizations, of the state, is making
the arrangements for the tour.
The band Is strictly an Arizona or
ganization, made up of. the bofs from
this state. Several of its members
were formerly of this district, and
many of the men who are playing in
the band are well known to the resi-
dents of the district. It is rated as
one of the best bands in Camp Funs-1
ton, and carries several soloists, both
vocal and instrumental, as well as an
excellent orchestra. The plans as
they are now outlined are for dances
and concerts to which an admission
shall be charged. From fhe proceeds
the expenses of the tour are to be de
ducted, and the remainder turned over
to the' Red Cross, which is conducting
a campaign at that time.
Letter From Funston
The matter was brought to the at
tention of Mr. Egan by E. W. Gaugler,
sergeant-bualer of the 340Ui field ar
S tillery, whose letter was received yes
terday. Mr. Egan immediately began
corresponding with the other cities ol
the state to assure the appearance of
the band here, replying to the band
leader that he will do his utmost to
assist in the trip. Following is the
correspondence in the matter, first
Sergeant Gaugler's letter, second Mr.
Egan's letter to Sergeant Gaugler, and
finally Mr. Egan's letter to ajl com
mercial organizations of the state:
"Headquarters Company
"Three Hundred Fortieth
"Field Artillery
"Camp Funston, Kansas,
"April 27, 1918.
"Mr. Thomas A. Egan, Secretary
"Warren District Commercial Club,
"Bisbee, Arizona. !
"Dear Sir:
"The 340th Field Artillery band,
composed of Arizona men, has been
granted permission to take a tour
through their, home state, providing
financial arrangements can be made.
Rated as Good Band
"The 340th band is rated as one of
the best in camp and carries in addi
tion, several soloists, both vocal and
instrumental, as well as an excellent!
orchestra.
"All other bands have toured their
respective states, gfvingi concerts and
dances, charging an admission fee of
one dollar. The proceeds after deduct
ing transportation and necessary trav
eling expenses, have been donated to
the Red Cross, and it might be added
that this has, in each case, been a tidy
sum.
"The chambers of commerce In co
operation with the Red Cross societies
in the various cities, have promoted
the thing locally; secured the halls,
made the bookings; advertised and ad
vanced the traveling expenses. There
must be, of course, a general head, so
that dates of engagements, etc., do
not conflict.
"If you and your 'home town are
Interested in this, please get in touch
with the other principle cities of Ari
zona and see if you cannot arrange a
schedule. We might suggest Tucson,
Phoenix, Douglas, Prescott. Globe, Je
rome, Ray and Bisbee as a possible
schedule. We will be granted twenty
davs leave. Suit your own conven
ience as to dates, as we can leave at
any time prior to May 20.
Last Leave at Home
"These tours are greatly appreciat-
ed by the public, are of material ben
efit to the Red Cross, inspire enthusi
asm and patriotism among the people,
and at the same time afford the boys
a last short visit among friends and
relatives, so we know you will en
counter no difficulty in making ar
rangements in the time allotted.
"Respectfully,
"E. W. Gaugler,
"Sergeant Bugler, 3"40th F. A."
Secretary Egan's answer to Sergeant
Gaugler follows:
"I am in receipt of your letter of
April 27th. with reference to the 340th
Field Artillery band composed of Ari
zona men. I think this Is a splendid
proposition you are submitting, and
will do everything within my power
to immediately take this matter up
with the various chambers of. com
merce throughout the state in the
hope of obtaining their cooperation to
map out an itinerary and arrange a
schedule for this band.
Will Inspire People
"It is my idea that, owing to the fact
that the band is .composed of Arizona
boys, it will greatly help to stimulate
interest in the various war proposi
tions and help the people of the state,
especially to grasp the seriousness of
the present war.
"I am today taking this matter up
with the various chambers and will
advise you immediately as to the ac
tion that will be taken by them.
"Yours very truly, '
"Thomas A. Egan,
"Secretary."
Mr. Egan's letter to the various
chambers of commerce of the state in
which he urges immediate action to
insure the appearance of the band in
Arizona, follows:
"I am this day in receipt of a letter
from E. W. Gaugler, Sergeant Bugler
'The proposition is that this band
will make a tour of this state, putting
on concerts and entertainments for
which they will charge an admission
fee of $1.00. The proceeds, after de
ducting the transportation and other
necessary traveling expenses, will be
donated to the Red Cross.
Chambers Must Act
"This band will tour the state if the
various chambers of commerce
throughout the state can arrange to
promote the proposition In their re
spective communities. This will ne
cessitate the local chamber securing
the hall, arranging the bookings' and
the advertising, and advancing the
traveling expenses.
"This, in my carnation, is a splen
did proposition and will allow these
boys, all from our state, to see their
home folks one last time before they
leave for' France. It will also help to
stimulate enthusiasm and patriotism
throughout the state. I feel that if we
can get together on this proposition,
I would suggest that we include Phoe
nix, Tucson, Douglas, Preeeott, Globe,
Jerome, Ray and Bisbee in the sched
ule. It will be up to us to set our own
dates. The band, as -I understand it,
will be granted 20 days leave, ana
they can leave at any time prior to
May 20th. I am writing this letter to
above mentioned chambers of com
merce. It is necessary that we take
quick action in this matter in order
to put the proposition over. j
, "Vours very truly,
"Thomas A. Egan,
"Secretary."
. W. W. Members
In Toils of Law
For Bomb Plots
SACRAM0NTO, CaliT., May 4. The
arrest and indictment of the fifty-five
alleged Industrial Workers of the
World, who were brought to trial in
the United States district court here
today grew out of the Investigation of
the dynamite explosion which wreck
ed a portion of the home of Governor
William D. Stephens here on the night
of December 17, 1917. No person was
injured. The governor, who had just
returned from a tour of the state on
which he had made a number of ad
dresses urging co-operation with the
national government in the prosecu
tion of the war, was in the executive
mansion at the time. No person has
been arrested and charged with re
sponsibility for the blast
Subsequently the Sacramento police
received information of an alleged
plot to blow up the plant of the Pacif
ic Gas and Electric Company here. A
few days later Chief of Police Ira
Conran arrested William Hood and
George F. Voetter, two of the fifty-five
defendants named in the indictment,
carrying a box, which, the police said,
contained nine sticks of dynamite.
Simultaneously the police raided the
local headquarters of the Industrial
Workers of the World, arrested about
thirty alleged members of the organi
zation, seized the records of the Sac
ramento branch, a large amount of
private correspondence and propagan
da literature. Other arrests were
made later. Much of the evidence
seized in the raid was presented to
the grand Jury. ,
Forty-five alleged overt acts are
contained in the indictment which
charged the defendants as members
of the Industrial Workers of- the
World with a conspiracy to violate the
constitution of the United States, the
espionage act, the draft act, the ene
my alien regulations. '
It further alleged that they con
spired to obstruct the eovemment's
war program by propagating Indus
trial Workers of the World principles
and by circulating literature exhort
ing members of the organization to
acts of sabotage, to oppose the draft
and to use "direct and violent action."
Hood and Voetter were charged with
violation of the law governing the
transportation of explosives.
Other overt acts included quota
tions from letters exchanged between
the men in custody here and those
who were brought to trial in Chicago
on charges of a similar nature. The
indictment charged that the man on
trial here conspired with William D.
Haywood, secretary of the organiza
tion, Frank H. Little, who wa lynch
ed at Putte, Montana, Vincent St.
John and a dozen others, among them
a number of defendants in the Chica
go trial.
The following were named In the
Indictment: William Hood, George
F. Voetter, Miss Theodora Pollak.
John Grave, Joseph Carroll. Henry
Evans, Vincente Santelli. Edward S.
Carey, Robert Blaine. William Grove,
A. L. Fox, James Price, Basile Saf
fores, Frank Reilley, N. S. Sherman.
W. O. Kelly, Albert H. Diamond, John
O'Brien, James H. Mulrooney, Will-
FRIENDLY RELATION.
BETWEEN JAPAN AND
U.S. IS PREDICTED
of all war statutes relating to hostile
or antiwar activities, as analyzed by
the department of justice in a bulletin
just issued.
Provisions of the. Act
It provides a punishment of a fine
not to exceed $10.0)O or imprisonment
for not more than 30 years, or both,
for the willful Injury or destruction
of war material, war industries, or
war utilities. The definition of "war
materials" Is so comprehensive as to
TOKIO. March 21 (Correspondence include net only all munitions ana
of The Associated Press) Friendly : supplies intended for the use or tne
o-ODeration between Janan and the military or naval forces of the United
United States was the spirit of the 'States or of the allies, but all muni
SDeeches delivered last night at a. din- tions, supplies, and articles of every
ner given by the American-Japan So
ciety in honor of Viscount Ishii, the
new ambassador to Washington, the
former ambassador, Aimaro Sato, and
Baron Megata, the chief of the Japan
ese financial mission which recently
visited America.
Besides the guests, the speakers in
cluded Roland S. Morris, the Ameri
can ambassador. Viscount Kaneko,
the president of the society. Dr. H.
Blake, of Yokohama, member of the
executive committee, and Dr. J. Tak
amine, of New York.
Viscount Ishii expressed his convic
tion that, among the many changes
which are fated to be brought about
by this great war, the most fundamen
tal one should be in the field of diplo
macy. To his mind the German way
of international dealing land Pan-Germanism
should be eradicated. The
ambassador was convinced that jus
tice and. fairness as well as frankness
and sincerity should be their sole
guidance in all dealings between civil
ized nations.
An especial cause of satisfaction
and gratification was found in the
excellent relations actually existing
between Japan and the United States.
Today there were no disturbing clouds
on the horizon of the Pacific and, in
fact, the relations between Japan and
America had never been so cordial
and friendly as at this moment. He
warned his hearers, however, that a
vigilant watch must ever be main
tained lest the ever active enemy
should again slip "in and renew his at
tempts to sow the seeds of discord
as he had done with no small success
in the past.
Baron Megata voiced his thanks for
the sympathy, consideration and help
with which his mission was received
in the United States. He believed the
visit would tend to a clearer and bet
ter understanding between the two
nations. He said his visit had brought
the Japanese into closer touch with
American leaders in industry and fi
nance and had suggested more oppor
tunities and possibilities for coopera
tive endeavor, between 'the two na
tions, especially in the Far East. He
urged more exchange visits between
the countries in the future.
Ambassador Morris praised the ac
complishments of Viscount Ishii and
said that the United States was to be
congratulated on bis selection as am
bassador to Washington.
Viscount Kaneko declared that at I
mis crurjai moment oi me war uiey i
should send a message to the soldiers 1
and sailors of the allies urging them
to fight to the end and declaring fhat
all the men and resources of the Unit-1
ed States and Japan are ready for 1
their support.
description adapted to or suitable for
the use of the United States or any
of the allies. It is not restricted.
'therefore, to munit-ons or supplies;
j which areb eing manufactured for the
! United States government by contract
j or subcontract.
I Sweeping in its Scope
I It includes every possible kind of,
I supplies of a nature w hich could be
! used by the United States government
i cr any cfth e allies in the prosecution
cr tne war. it includes not only tne
finished articles, but all parts and in
gredients. As almost everything that
is beiny grown or made today is eith
er for the use of the United States
or the allies or suitable for such use,
this bill practically protects articles
and supplips of every character, the
whole product of agriculture and in-
j dustry in the United States. Whoev
er willfully destrovs or iniures or
makes in a defeictive manner or caus
es to be made In 'a defective manner
any of such supplies, materials, parts
rr ingredients, can be punished under
this act.
Protects all War Premises
. The art protects in the same way
all war premises, which Is defined to
mean all buildings, grounds, mines cr
other places wherein any war materi
al, as defined inthe act, is produced,
manufactured, repaired, stored, mined
extracted, distributed, loaded, nnload
ed, or transported and all machinery
and appliances, that is, all the equip
ment engaged in the production or dis
tribution of war material;, also all
forts, arsenals, navy yards, camps,
persons or other military or naval
stations of the United States or of
anv of the allies. It also, includes war
utilities, which means all railroads,
electric lines, canals, wharves, ves
sels, engines, eai;s, aircraft or any
other means .of transportation over
which or on which war material or
troops may he transported. It is not
restricted to railroads or vessels or
ttlier transportation facilities upon
which war materials or troops are be
im? transported, but includes alt those
which may he used in the transporta
tion of war material or trocps.
Includes all Public Utilities
ThU practically means any part of
the transportation system or trans
portation facilities of the United
States. It also includes public utili
ties, which supply war industry plants
such as the water, iight. telephone,
and telegraph service to war Industry
plants or to forts, camps, and other
military and naval sta'.loni. -
In short, practically speaking, tie
whole industrial and agricultural re
sources of ti' Un'led States, all of its
transportation and shipping failitie.
all of it.; public utilities and all parts
thereof end all products of industry
end agriculture and ail cam thereof
suitable for war ;:se fall within the
protection of't'iis act. Nor H it ne
cessary in a prosecution under tiiis
act to prove that the person guilty of
iijuring or destroying any war materi
al or war premises f.p wrr utilities in
tended to interfere with the prosecu
tion of the war. It Is sufficient to
prove that he had reason to believe
that his act micht injure, interfere
ARIZONA STANDS HIGH
IN WAR STAMP SALES
Arizona stands in sixth place in per
capita sales of War and T.'irift stamps
for March and in thirteenth place in
I per capita sales sttice the campaign
began, according to the federal report
just Issued, w hich contains all sales ,
I recorded by post ofiees and federal
i reserve banks. Nebraska is leading
all states in per capita sales for both
the month and the period of cainpaifn
with the District of Columbia second
. in both summaries,
j Arizona's sales during "March to
! tai"d I235.1 19.93. or an averaee of VJ
cents for each man, woman and chile'
', in the state. This compares with an
'average o S1.64 per capifa for Ne
' hraska. $1.3:1 for the District of Co
lumbia. J1.16 for South Dakoti.. the
' three lead'n? states, and with ! cents
j for South Carolina. 10 cents for Ala
! Imma and 13 cents for Georgia, the
three lowest states.
In total sales for the period since
JOHN-G. WILSON
Contractor
and Builder
ESTIMATES FURNI5HSD CN
ALL CLASSES OF 3U1LINGS
SEE ME LAST Phone Green 782
HENNESSY
Undertaking Parlors
o K ST.
PHONE 15
with cr obstruct the I'nited States or i
the campaign opened for Arizona have
.for or
one of the allies In preparin
carrying on the war.
As- the entire material resources-of
the United States are engpned. direct
ly or Indirectly, in the prosecution of
the war, everyone has reason to be
lieve that any injury or destruction
of any of these resources may injure
interfere with or obstruct the prepar
ations for or the carrying 6n of the
war. T'le fa't that the act of injury
or destruction, therefore, was not coin
mined to benefit the euemy or for the
purposes of hampering the prosecu
tion of the war, will furnish no ex
cuse in a prosecution under this ac.i.
For the first time, the United States
through its Department cf Justice, is j
by this act furnished with an effective I
weapon against all w illful acts ol de-)
struction or injury w hich directly or I
1 1 1 u 1 1 1. 1 1 y v, caivrii ui inaiu ill; yiy-
arations for the war or the actual con
dnot of the war.
been $484,070.37. an average of $1.83
per capita. This compares with a per
capita sale of $11.06 in Nebraska.
$3.73 in the District of Columbia, and
$3.14 ire Missouri, the three leading
states, and with 20 cents, in South
Carolina, 30 cents in Alabama, and 3".
cents in Georgia, the three lowest
states. ,
In the statement of the government
Arizona is shown leading all states of
I the southwest, including New Mexico,
which standsf orty-second, ' Nevada.
Colorado. Texas. California, and. all
states of the Pacific division except
Oregon.- ' .
Call ? the Miners Heat
. Market Today
if Yoy Wa.-staCroice
red
CfilCEEN
for Your Sunday Dinner?
In addition to fire poul
try ve have all kinds of
roasts nd ste.ks. You are
sure of choice Kansas City
meats at the Icwesi prices at
the
Miners'
Meat Market
Naco Road, Bisbee
Y. M. C. A. NEEDS MEN
Over a thousand men a month are
now needed by the National War
Work Committee of the Young Men's
Christian Association to carry on its
activities in the army camps of the
United States and Europe.
To meet these demands the Asso
ciations throughout the country are
being drawn upon heavily. Twenty
secretaries have already gone from
the Los Angeles Association and oth
ers will leave soon for the home can
tonments and European camps. This
Bisbee Decorating Co.
General Painting, Peper Hanging, Tinting and
Signs. Perfect Results. Moderate Prices.
HUGHES BLOCK, OPPOSITE Y. W. C A.
P. O. Box 1531 , Phone 739
l: j. overlockv broker
6orre$pondentt: Paine, Weber & Co, Boston, Dulirth, Calumet.
LOGAN & BRYAN, NEW YORK AND CHICAGO.
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK-
FRENCHMAN GIVES
AMERICANS PRAISE
I
Chautauqua Week is almost over. . Don't miss attending at least one
of the big programs.
By Review Iued Wire) !
PARiS, May 4. "The end will show i
which weighed most in the balance, i
Austrian cannon as reinforcements to ,
the enemy, or the battalions which j
crossed the Atlantic to support the de
fenders of right," says a special dis- J
patch, to tlw Temps, describing a visit '
to the American troops at the front.
"The French-British liason has been
rightly described as intimate; the j
Franco-American is, if possible, still
closer. It Is real fusion. Every docu-
ment of one of the French divisions
touching the Americans is immediately
translated and communicated to the
allies. Tbena are two uniforms, two
languages, but one army."
The correspondent asked a French
artillery colonel, who is well known in
Washington, what he thought of his
American allies. Tire colonel replied:
"We alue them highly of course.
There are lots of tricks which we
learedn at what cost which we can
hand on, but I am astonished at their
faculty of assimilation.
"Take my arm of the service. One
of the greatest difficulties in artillery
is the utilization of observation points.
You can hardly imagine the work in
volved In properly using the informa
tion collected at thesq posts. Our Am
erican comrades have succeeded splen
didly in this delicate work."
CLOSING NIGHT
"An
nveoing in
awaii
URGES FOOD SAVING
I
(Bv Review Leuetf Wire) '
HOT SPRINGS, Ark.. May 4. Mrs.
Herbert C. Hoover, wife of the fed- j
eral food administrator this afternoon :
addressed the fourteenth biennial con- j
vention of the Ceneral Federation of .
Women's clubs. I
She raid the women of America
must ever be mindful of the obligation 1
before them, three points of which j
were most Important: !
Theer must always be enough food
In the home storehouse; there must l
be food for the American boys who ,
have gone across the sea, and there
must be enough food to supply the t
soldiers of the other nations who are
fighting against Germany. j
Illustrated lecture by Mildred Leo Clemens, showing remarkable
motion pictures of Hawaii. The Royal Hawaiian Quintet, native
singers and players in a great program cf Hawaiian melodies.
Single admissions, afternoon 55c, evening 83c.
-A Few of the 26 Big Events-
Thaviu's Exposition Band
Ned Woodman
"Plays of Our Allies"
Lincoln L. Wirt
Gov't Food Demonstration
Morrison-Smith Co.
Old Soldier Fiddlers
Gorst, "The Bird Man"
Zedeler Symphonic Quintet
Mother Goose Festival
Treble Clef Club
Fenwick Newell Concert Co.
BISBEE
priding Monday Night
BIG TENT AT LOWELL
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
1