X
ft
WEATHER
Tuesday anil Wed
nesday fair; not mmh
change ill temperature.
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service.
VOL. 20. No. 289.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY MORNING, MAY 14, 1918.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
i
1
A
4.
v
4
t
I
i
i
FLOTATION PATENT
OF ENGLISH FIRM
HELD NOT BINDING
Superior Court Judge Ross
Rules Copper Company Is
Entitled to Extra Cop
per by Flotation Machine.
MILLIONS ARE INVOLVED
Butte & Superior Copper Co.
Gaimed They Used Great-
er Per Cent of Oil; Many j'
Companies Use Process. .
(Bv RpvIpw leased Wlre
SAN FRANCISCO, May 13. The oil
flotation process of extracting metal
from ore, patent rights to which have
been claimed by a British corporation
is free to general use within the Unit
ed States. und-sr a decision of the
United Plates circuit court of appeals
here today, provided that a proportion
ot more than one-half of one per cent
of oil is maintained.
The corrt reserved the dicisicta of
the United States district court of
Montana, in which Judge Ceorge M.
Hourquin and a jury awarded $10,000,
000 damages to the Minerals Separa
tion, Limited, from the Butte and Su
perior Mining company of Butte, Mon
tana, for alleged infringement of pat
ent. As $60,000,000 is pending and con
templated infingement suits is in
templated infringement suits is in
tion, which has been paramount in
tlrs mininp world for ten years, it is
expected that the United States su
preme court will be called upon to re
view today's decision. The litigation
culminating in today's decision was
begun fve years ago.
Th-s decision held that the Minerals
Separation patent rights were limited
to the use of a fraction ot one per
cent of oil, not in excess of one 'half
of one po- cent. The Butte and Su
perior mining company, the decision
held, did not infringe through the use
of more than one-half of one per -jnt,
"under th"? court's interpretation of the
decision or the United States suprvnie
court in the case of the British com
pany against James M. Hyde, hich
decided against Hyde.
The decision was written by Jude
Erskine M Ross and concurred in bv
Judgs Wiu. Hunt. Judge W. W. Mor
row concurred iri the reversal a the Santa Fe Re-Issues Tariffs Al-
.uumaiia coun, uui wrote a sepjUTt?
opinion, holding that the British com
pany had the exclusive right to use oil
in the process up to 1 per cent.
The Butte and Superior mining com
pany was one of the defendants in the
James M Hyde case. All the d
fendants were enjoined from infringe
ment of the British mjireral's patent,
but the Butte and Superior company
continued the use of a flotation pri
cess with more than one per cent of
oil.
The present litigation followed.
WASHINGTON, May 13. Plans for
the settlement o' local industrial dis
putes which might interfere with the
?i.tl0nif w'?rPrPJranl were announced
today by the national war labor board
in compliance with President Wilson's
labor proclamation of last April 8.
The plan provides for the appoint
ment of local arbitration committees
in industrial cities and of two mem
ber subcommittees of the board itself
to act in controversies which the local
committee cannot settle.
These commitees will be assisted
by trained field agents sent out from
Washington to investigate each dis
pute. The war labor board will act as the
supreme court and will hear cases
only when its sub-committees are un
able to settle & controversy or when
one side or another makes an appeal
from their decisions or those of the
local committees.
The board announced that It would
hear nppeals in the following cases:
1. Where the principles establisned
by the president's proclamation have
been violated.
"2. Where an award made by a
board Iras not been put into effect
or where the employes have refused
to accept or abide by the award.
"3. To determine questions of juris
diction by government board."
The sub-committee of the board will
be composed of one from the em
plovers' side and one from the em
ployes' side and will be named by
the joint chairman 8t the instance of
respective groups of fhe board.
Provision is made for the selection 1
of an umpire who will render an award 1
in case the board finds it impossible
to reach a unanimous conclusion con
cerning a case whih has been re
ferred by the regular committees.
WAR LABOR BOARD
ANNOUNCES PLAN
Register Today
RsistT today.
' All good citizens of bisbee are
are uigcd to place their names on
the i ni.stration books of the -ity
', at onto. Registration for the city
', election will close Friday night,
J .May 17. Those who have not
; placed their names on the rolls at
that lime will not be eligible to
' vote for th'3 citizens' non-partisan
'. ticket in the city election later this
month.
It is imperative that every right
; thinking, conscientious citizen take
patt in this election. The citizens"
; non-partisan ticket, which is eoni
J posed of democrats and repuhli
j cans, and" which is running on a
) platform of wartime issues includ
i ing good government, efficiency,
! economy, abolition of the pie count
f eh, and conservatism as opposed to
; radicalism, will come up for elec
; tion.
1 Ristration can be made at the
office of the city clerk in the city
building at any time during the day.
Register today.
All Soldiers of
Alien Birth Will
Soon Be Citizens
I
WASHINGTON'. May 13. In
co-operation with the army gen
eral staff, the naturalization bu
reau of the department of labor
set in motion today carefully pre
pared plana to secure the speedy
enforcement of the act approved
by President Wilson, which al
most immediately will confer
American citizenship upon 123.277
aliens now in the national army,
in addition to many thousands in
civil life.
Through neglect or ignorance
of the terms of the old naturaliza
tion law many aliens now classed
as enemies failed to complete ap
plications before the court closed
their doors to further proceeding
that law. Now those who meet
the tests of the government will
be permitted to acquire their cit
izenship papers.
EXCURISIONI RATES
lowing Reduced Fares forj
Summer; Other Roads Ex-
pect Similar Action. j
That bummer rates to California
coast points and that th-2 intrastate
Arizona excurison rates, which have
prevailed for the past many years and
which nave permitted residents of th?
hottest prt of the stat? to obtain
breathing spells in cooler climes, will
not be cancelled and will be granted
on all roads, is indicated by an order
withdrawing former cancellations of
the Santa Fe railroad and directing
jthe continuance of special tariffs pro
, viding the Summer rates. T!;e order
was se;;t to the Arizon.i copora' ion
commission at Phoenix by John J.
Byrne, assistant traffic manager for
tb.3 Santa Fe. as follows:
"Arizona Corporation Commission,
"Phoenix, Arizona.
"I hereby withdraw my request of
May 4. o cancel summer tourist fares
contalm,d ln L C- c. tariff 10l n,,
lout-tariff E-1500 and I. C. C. 2008. and
out-tariff Ii-1565."
The El Paso & Southwestern rail
road has not as yet received similpr
revocation of tlrs orders canceling the
summer ratea, but officials in this cis
trict werre confident yesterday that
if the reduced fares are permitted on
the SanU Fe they will be extended to
the other roads of the state. The tar
iffs providing the reduced rates have
been returned to gen-sral offices from
the Bisbee offices, but it is expected
they will soon be received here
again.
Officials of the EI Paso & South
western are at a loss as to how the
coast traffic will be handled after June
1. when it is anticipated the new regu
lations on all roads will be invokr?d
by the national administration and at
least fifty per cent of the passenger
trains east and west bound rill be
withdrawn from service. As near as
plans are now known Uie Santa Fe
will handle n-arly all of the passenger
and freight business into and out of
Los Angeles under the new plans, and
it is possible that with the new sched
ules passengers to the coast rii-y be
routed by way of Phoenix, over the
Santa Fe short-cut. Announcement of
how traffic will be handled to the
; coast ind of further details of th
manner in which the El Paso & SouMi-
western will be effected will hv to I
await the action of the administra
tion. Mr. Byrne, of the Santa Fe. had pre
viously wired the corporation commis-
T0 COAST points;
FOR VACATIONISTS
(Continned on Pace Two)
GERMANY, OX II Eli XX EES, MUST BE A
SVPPLIAXT ECU MKilCY. SA YS CEX. BELL
M M '-' L L ,
-v.
f t
V 3 R
ft
s
f
t
4 Z
p.
General J. Franklin Bell.
"Nothing on the face of the earth but unconditional surrender wilj
convince the German today that he is not only unable but unfit to tlominate
the earth." recently declared Gen. J. Franklin Bell, commander at Fort
Upton. "The German has got to be conquered; he has jrot to be broutrht to
his knees as a suppliant for mercy. Olhenvl.ss he will clf.im th-t lie has
been successful, and there i- 5 telling what the result wiil Le."
Sammies Have Excitina Adventures
And Slay Teutons
(By Review Leased Wire)
WITH THE AMERICAN ARMY
IN FRANCE. May 13 (By The
Associated Press). Details of the
fiehting in the Liineville sector
on Sunday tell oft an encounter
between American and German
forces in No Man's Land.
Three American snipers,
dressed in camouflage suits, set
out to discover a nest of sharp
shooters who had been opemtinp:
with much success and h:L killed
one American officer and one
private.
They penetrated the enemy po
sition and suddenly encountetered
a number ot Germans, with an
officer, standing a few feet away.
The Americans quickly opened
fire, kiling the officer and three
men before they were obliged to
withdraw.
During their return one man be
came lost and three scout onieers
and four men returned in sear'li
of him. They again penetrated
the enemy position where they
v - - - - - '- ' '
r : - v - - - i
; -OVR THERE - : S ... r ;
V, , - Til ! I II flMiMlH ii" I - - - " ' V
.. , t- .- c r c
M , SKI
,! ,.?t
4
V
4'
'-J.'' - , r.t R
in No Man's Laid?m;r.
had another encounter with the
Germans, without casualties to
t!:e Americans. The missincr man
came in while the second party
wps looking for him.
Wnen the iercfr,-W!jretumed
they lound that one of their men
was missing. He was last seen
.-ettiaa up a machine pun in a
shc'.l hole. Two- officers went
back to look for him an dencouiu
ereri a German outpost. In the
fifiht that ensued c ne enemy was
killed and his body was brcuulit
b.n k to the Airerican trenches.
AVIATORS ACTIVE
irtv Review Trf'ws".! Vrfl
WITH THE .AMERICAN ARMY
IX FRANCE. May 1.5 (By The
Associated Press). Improved
weether tends to increase air ac
tivity in the Toul sector today.
Many American planes were
working over the enemy lines and
observation balloons were up for
the first time in manv days.
WAR TILL VICTORY8
SLOGAN TO GOVERN
COMING JLECTIONS
Parties Will Unite on Candi
dates Who Are Loyal to
Beat Anti-Americans Run
ning for Congress. j
I II!v Ri'Virw t.tn.-ol W'iiM
Washington. May 13. American
ivotf-rs are called upon eo elect only
j loyal and "war till victory" men to
I congress next election, in an appeal
IpresentPd to ronsressional leaders to
day by a delegation representing The
League for National I'nity. The two
i great political parties are asked to
Ijoin forces in doubtful districts to
j insure the choice of congressmen who
j will be unswerving in their support
of 'the government in the conduct ot
j the war.
j In the party which received the del
legation were Representative Ferris
!of Oklahoma and Woods of Iowa.
iliairmen respectively of the demorca-1
ic and republican campaign commit-,
tees: Representative Kitchin of North j
Carolina, democratic floor leader in
the house, and Ri'Dresentative Gillett '
cf Massachusetts, acting republican j tillery action continued in connection
leader. .with local infantry engagements. On
The appeal savs in part: j other fighting sectors it also revived
Must Beat Pro-Huns i several times during the evening.
"The nation must be able to count I "In the Ancre valley southwest of
upon both parties nominating men at j Albert a British patrol attack was re
the fonthf m.1ng congressional! pri-1 pulsed. Af various points on the front
H ! the enemv continued his reconnoiter-
unequWal supporters of Hhe war j lg thrusts. In repulsing them we took used as the supr-Tnie commundo.-. Gen
aims of our government and its pur-1 some prisoners on several occasions. era FoX deemed best Incifry at the
pose to prosfcute the war to a success-
lf... !...!,. .
"In the interest of the nation we! April amounted to fifteen captive hal -
ask for more. If in any district it be- loens and 271 airplanes. Of which 122
comes likelv th.it an anti-war candi-j Ml behind our lines, while others
date be successful, it is the impera-iwere seen to fall beyond the enemy's
' i: .1.... e . l. - ... t ..;
n order to make certain his uefeat.
An equitable arrangement should be!
effected between the two parties cov-1
erin? all suc.'i districts as reouire the i
expedient of coalition in order tc avert
. . . . . i - . .
tne election oi a aisiuyai canuiuate.
"If in anv congressional or senator-
mgressional or senator-'
?r irove to he danger
o' disloval candidates".'
ial election there
of tli election
it will become the duty" cf Americans. 1 Hve during the day oa the southern lines in Flanders and Pieardy. i.f'.i
regarilless of party affiliations, to de- portion of the BritisJi front and fa the cials here were icnlined to find ih-
feat such candidates and to set loyal-1 sector north of Kemmel. There H tone of the announcement now attri
t yto the nation above personal loyal- nothing further of special interest." buted to the war cabinet distasteful.
ty" to the party. I 1"ne w'ho,p American program in
No Peace Platform ' SAMMIES ACTIVE , France lias been subject to revision by
"Let no party nominate or elect to j '"'V'IT.pp.M v'Trm v ,v:reason ot" ,nal Jision- w-t of
congress any candidate cn a so-called! . V L1 1 whilh was to set asi,le nati""aI Pri'lP
m-ace nlatfc.rm. The American na- TRANCE May 13.-A g ganuc enem? ,, th Illbirions ()f Am-rioan offi-
tion under the leadenship of the pres-'
ident of the I'nited States, commander
in chief of the army and navy is for
peace; but a righteous and euduring;
peace cannot be secured until America ;
and fhe iijiied powers tjsall have j
achieved victory over the armies and i
'
governments of the central powers.
or the'r peoples, having repudiated
those who have been guilty of the
(Continued on Page Two)
VON HINDENBURG
DEAD PRISONERS
CAPTURED CLAIM
(By Review Lensl Wire)
LONDON, May 13. Ail German
prisoners captured in France say
that Field Marshal von Hindenburg
i rirari. letter 'mm British nK
ficcs cn the western front repo-t,
according to the Daily Express. At
the same time the name of von
Mackensen is brought into promi-
nence as that of a great man who is '.
to brinj Germans victory. The E- ,
press assumes that the vor. Hin-
denburg story is circulated to rx- )
plain the failure of the pr-at of- ;
tensive.
21 ALLIED FLIERS
APRIL
(Rv Review T.asPl Wire)
r.KRLIN. via London. May 13.
The text of the official communica
tion from general Jieadquartrrs to
day reads:
"In the Kemmel region lively ar-
DOWNED
DECLARE TEUTONS
"me losses to tne enemy aerial!'-"""- r ..ri.au-
! forces on the Herman dront dnrine , nient showed that the expedited wave-
' nnai t inna In aort'tl fichtltlcr vo
lost
hal.
and fapt,ve
i i
HAIG'S REPORT
fPy Review Law1 vviie
LOXIK)X. May 13. Field Marshal
; Haig's report from headuuarters
I L m.A tnnlol.. poll.
i. .! t
ne nosuie aninery
devf Hoped
1 "c .crui'c .... ..K..-. . ...... uuu
considerable activity early this mOrinish and Frenc-fc g.iverur.ir.nta w h' i. J
ing north of Serre nad has been ac-ieGrman onslaught was bat'erir.g i
. nmittuni inn itu.iitt f I .inriir.lv u u
fired by the American artillery this
morning. At the same time two fires
were started at Montdidier. fololwed
by numerous explosions.
The weather continues misty ami
rainy. There was no infantry action
todav and only intermittent machine
, gun and rifle fire. The position of,
the Germans is becoming more and i ,
more intolerable, while the Americans
'are entrenching their positions more
I fi.n,K. 1 in hnnos I'm pnpmv ..iif-!it
have had of breaking through in this
sector are diminishing.
! The Americans take nothing for;
! granted, but return fire two to one.;
! which is believed to set a new pace ,1
j in this sector. What appears to trou
I ble the Germans post, is that the Ani-
; erii-ans never turn back when the;
'enemv uses gas. They give him a
! double dose of the same, with every-.
1 thing else the enemy tries.
; REDS QUIT UKRAINE Fr,'", h Rrj,ish, ic. Men who.
I ,.n- r.-vi.-w t..-as.-i Wir.-. , are m'Mt imstsent on this point f
I MOSCOW, Mav 13. The command- view believe trench warfare has pro
j er in chief of ihe German troops in , duced nothing which justifies the ahan
'the east, replying to the Russian re-' don men t of all other theories of mili
i quest for the cessation of hostilities tary operations for high specialization
ion the 1'krainian front, says that C.er-, in trm.-h actions.
,111811 troops, in accordance with the If America Is to contribute largeiy
terms of the Brest-Litovsk treaty, havjto the ultimate defeat of the eGrman
! cleared the I'kraine of red guards and 1 army, they hold she must contaribute
'that it should be possible to do so ' something more than manpower: sh
everywhere along the 1'krainian land . must contribute to the working out of
j frontier. a new trtory of operations which will
I Tlie commander in chief said he bring victory as trench warfare has
j could only agree to the cessation of not tlon. For that reason they feel
I naval operations against the Black it wuld be a mistake to lose tire dash
Sea fleet provided all ships returned and ini'iative of the American army in
I to Sebastopol nad were retained there, over-training for trench action.
j Then the port of Novorossisk would
! be opened free to navigation. He CLAIM REPORT ERROR
claimed thai the Black sea fleet more LONDON. May 13. The Associated
(Continued on Page Two)
AMERICAN OUT -
WITH THE AMERICAN ARMY
IN FRANCE. May 13 (By the As
sociated Press). How an Ameri
can alarm clock kept the whole
German line guessing and causing
the Germans useless expenditure
of large quantities of machine gun
and rifle ammunition all one night
was r lated today. Th Ameri
cans had leen trying to draw the
fire of certain enemy units.
"Leave Fritz to me." said a hap
py face! young American, who.
putting an alarm clock under his
arm. disappeared into No Man's
Land under cover of darkness and
fastened the clock to a wire.
"Soon the alarm rang, where
upon th. Germans opened fire.
The wire had been so arrange.)
that the clock continued to ring
intermittently and ea. h time drew
AMERICANS MAY
nriirri nrn iiita
IDLWLLULU iniU
MB! i p a
SEPARATE ARMY
Ottawa Report Declares Sam
mies May Be Kept in Re
Reserve Until Completely
Trained for Warfare.
rtr Review I.e!i.1 Wirt)
WASHINGTON. .May 13 American
officers were inclined tonight to char
acterize report from London, via Ot
tawa, tha' American troops would not
he used until a complete powerful
Anieric i:i army had been developed m
France, as an echo of the political con
troversy pneipitated in England by
the incident of eGneral Maurice.
They could see no other explana
tion, since the statement atribute! .o
the "war committee" of the Brii v
war cabinet was promptly repudiate
by Lord Reading. liritish ambassador
here. anI later declared by Secretary
Itaker in a formel statement to be rn
absolufs variance with the fncs as
known hre.
Lord Leading's statement said he
was confident no such announcement
had be;ii issued with the knowledge
of Premier Lloyd George, adding that
th- views of the British govern :i-ni.
which n? was transmitting, were x
actly opposite. Secretary Bak-?r sa.d
American troops were being- used In
battle ami would be continued to be
imPnt of llv"n France u pr.k-e.Hiin?
Planned after announcem,:!!: that
-America., units would be brigaded
with French and British divisions for
' IIIIIlirUialc uriaiuu as wen us i.ir
j training.
Await British Report
In vi.w of these developments it
was felt that an explanation must
come i'rom the British capital.
Since the decision to scatter Amer-
in ican battalions or regiments in ar.;?J
force ws) made only t-vause oT the
,cry for n.rnpower from both, the Crir-
t-e
he
cers of hph rank in order to provide
immedaie aid. Such HHcrifices are not
to be vieweil lightly it is held, or to
be accepted or rejected as the whim of
monvmt , in London or elsewhere.
There .re some other qfestions agitat
ing officials here which the Ottr.wa
report served to bring to light. For
one thing. American army olficers for
the most part are convinced that the
American army will never reach i:s
ihghest efficiency under either the
; ,ation, between the officers and men
In each army are things peculiar to
! each army. Tehy cannot be trans
posed from one to the other.
New Plan Needed
In the opinion of many officers here.
I tire tim- is fast approaching w hen
j American officers from the other side
should be relied upon for the training
of the American army, rather than
veterans of trench warfare from the
(Continued on Paice Two)
WITS TEUTONS
a violent fire from the enemy.
Meanwhile, the Americans rest
ed in thlr trenches and enjoyed
a hearty laugh.
An American officer turned the
tables nicely on the enemy recent
ly. The Germans had retired dur
ing a bombardment to concrete
dugouts behind their trenches,
leaving the first three lines to one
man. who went around setting off
flares, so as to create the impres
tion that thn whole front was
alive with Germans.
An American patrol leader went
over and discovered the ruse. H
killed the one German, invaded
the tranches and gathered dozens
of street signs which the Germans
had posted, returning to his own
lines with the signs tucked under
his arm. r TWO
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW. TUESDAY MORNING, MAY 14, 1918.
JURY IS SECURED
IN JAMES CASE
AT TOMBSTONE
GERMANS EXPECTED TO STRIKE AGAIN IN THE NORTH
Mrs. Ernie James Is on Trial!
in Superior Court on Charge
of Attempting to Murder j
Mary Hughes in This City j
(SiK-cial to The Itivii'iv;
TO.Mb&iU.Nt:, May li. ine trial of
Mrs. Kruie James, charged with an iis
satut with intent to murder
Aiiss Mary Hughes in Bisbse, on the
afternoon of March 25, was started in
the superior court this morning. It
was the opinion of the attorneys yes
terday that the jury could not be se
cured fo- a couple of days and that
there would not be sufficient nren in
the box to begin the empannelment ot
the jury, so that th-? oificers in Kis
bee were notified yesterday to sto;:
the witnesses for a day or so, but th:s
morning the return of the sheriff dis
played the fact that there had not only
ieen enough secured to fill the pane! j
but that iu their examination it vas I
found thai there w,ald be but httlj I
trouble in securing Inp inrv A hmi-v '
call was then sent to the representa
tives of the sheriffs office to locate
the witnesses and have them come
over as soon as possible. By the time
that the jury was selected to try the
case about twenty-five witnesses had
reported in Tombstone. The follow
ing are the members of the jury v. ho
will try the case:
Joe I. rice. Light; Frank Flanders
Servoss; John C. Shook. Pearce: C. J.
Wynn, Tombstone; ITenry Ash, Mc
Xeal, C. C. Fineout. Pirtleville; Jest
Amalou,?. Dos Cabezas; William Jen
nings, and V. B. Jones, Douglas; Clar
ence Lynn, Warren; H. A. Carlyle anj
Frank Windebrg, Lowell.
After the jury had been sworn and
the information rad to the jury and
the plea of the defendant stated, W.
G. Gilmore who is associated v.ith th;
prosecuticn made a statement to rfce
jury of what the state expected to
prove. For the defense, J. IV. Koss
made a tatement. The only witness
placed on the stand was Deputy Sher
iff A. .V. Howe of Bisbe, who was
sworn to draw a diagram of the ::ur-roundimv-s
in the Penny Store as they
were on the afternoon of th-3 shooting.
He was on the stand for about an
hour and was not cross examined. He
will be colled later to tes'ifv in regard
to othr matters connected v.ith the
case, it is expected1 . at tho case will
occupy at least three irayr of liie at
tention of tire court if not longer.
When t'.K' statements are made by the
counsel c-n both sides of what they ex
pect to prove, there promises to be
some rather racy testimony intro
duced. One of the peculiar circumstances '
of the case developed yesterday. " Mrs.
James was on trial for the above
charge in the superior court whirs, if
she had looked out from the court
room window, she could have seen her
AmXCMX Laverrtie f fMvS.
7sec"n
DRAFT EVADERS WHO
SHOT OFFICERS ARE
BROUGHT TO TRIAL
This map shows the northern part of the battle line, where the Germans are expected soon to launch an
other heavy offensive. The position of the armies before the recent German advance and today u indicated.
The principal railroads, wagon roads, rivers and hills are also shown. . ..
WAR TILL VICTORY I
SLOGAN TO GOVERN
COMING ELECTIONS
i
(Continued from Pagre One!
O'.y Itevicw Leased Wire)
r?j-.rli t li v'c ruviminlinti I tho iriuan.
no onenxive against me amcs on ma
wet front has not yet materialized.
crime of willingly initiating and car- ( in various sectors there have bee.i
rying'on the war. shall, in the intent local operations which have no bear
of a just peace, have recovered their ! jnR on the situation as a w hole. Hut
right to control their own destiny." 'along the entire front there is a quiet
In a personal letter to Representa-; that mialit be encouraging were it
ijt 0 j ! AMERICANS MAY
War Summary ; Be welded into
SEPARATE ARMY
Press was officially informed tonight
that the statement sent out from Ot
tawa la.it night attributing to the war
cominitte of the British cabinet the
announcement that it had been decided
tive voods, Llihu Root, one of the not for the fact, that the Germans are' not to iih the American army on tne
ipners of the appeal, wrote: i known to be moving up men and mate- western front Until it became a com
(Continued from Page One)
i do net believe theer is a single j rials for a new move in the mighty
congressional district but which has , drive launched March 21.
a staunch loyal majority but I under-' r'itld Marshal Halts report makes
stand there are probably from twen-' special note of activity by the German
ty to thirty districts in which there j artillery north of Serre. This littl-;
are enough pro-German and pacifist j town is situatod behind the teutonic
and extreme socialist votes to make it ! lines north of Albert and marks the
pcssiMe for a disloyal candidate to i apex of a triangle, the base'in which
be returned by a plurarity if the loy-!s the line between Hebuterne and
al vote is divided pretty evenly be-' Bucquoy.
tween. the republican and democratic' Await Arras Attack
panics. Such men would do infinite' Several weeks military experts have
harm in congress to our count ry ; ' been watching developments in this
their election would hrinz aid and particular region because it is the
comfort to the enemv. would disheart- logical point froni which the Germans
en all loyal citizens, and would be dis-1 may be expected to launch a great
creditable to both political parties. turning movement agHinst ine Arras
Parties Must Continue sector, where the country is moder-
"Of 'course, parties must continue; j ately level, with long undulating ridges
their organization must be maintained. wl;ic is:ht be stormed readily by
nniv enn loavlnix nn tho mr,mit tru; and either one oueht to make the na- Denvy masses ot troops
with a or.tineent from Cochise county I triotism of the other a means of ob-
for Cam,i McDowell. Cal. He hai been ! tainiiig an advantage for the future
subnoonad as a witness in the case. I but, alter all. the difference between
1'ut the government
, e"1- aa ne remainea ne ; '" ' " I On the rest of the western front
wouiu nave oeen isea as a witness ny j ' "mi" i"' ui h-l- ic
both sides. He had not been on v-rv rublic v. hi:h depends upon winning i
intimate terms with his mother for : this v-ar- If in any district there is
- . . ... .1... ,-. ,.iw.n..A .1... n
sometime. Her lormer nusnanu. jonn i luat a. Saturday niorning the Austrian have
H. Jam.s. has been subpoeimd as a "ay .he sent o congress then tnere ,d , aj , re , th, comra,uo.
witness tgainst her. on ly cue issue in that district; j fc h f ABfa ,)Ut have
that is the Issue of loyalty. j l,,1,,, bv Blern resistance.
EXCURSION RATES T p,:a,1tK,aIlan'1 ptnouc course j British Defeat Turk8
TTrTi CTirMMTC jscenw plainly to he for jxiur two com- , Mesopotamia the British forces
IO COAST POINIS mittees to agree upon w.'.at districts , rorPMSli frther i.n the Tigris
The southern portion of the British
I front has been under heavy fire and
this may indicate that the Gern..in
has the first call 'parties are of trifling consequence, as are fettin read-v for a new' en'ort . ,J
he remained he ' compared with the overwhelming is-' re' ;lnJw"b- . .ol:tnrn frnnf
sue of life or death for our free re-' . . . ,, V.l .
( ine rcporis leu iiuuuui; ui muritri a
revealing the true situation. Since
I the Italians captured Mont C'orno on
FOR VACATIONISTS
(Continued from Page One)
three cornered fight, and in such dis-
! tricts where
and have captured Kirkut. pursuing
the Turks for 20 miles to the nortn-
plete and powerful force, was dua to
an error, w hich has been corrected.
On Sunday night a report received
from London and given out at Ottawa
by the director of public information
for Canada through the Canadian
Press, Limited, stated that the entente
allies were so confident of their abil
ity to withstand any drive that might
be launched by the eGrmans it had
been dm-ided not to use the American
army no.v in Francs until it becomes
a complete and powerful force.
This information was credited to a
summary of operations on the western
front by the war committee of the
British cabinet.
DENY REPORT CHANGED
OTTAWA, May 13. Nothing further
has reached Ottawa officially as to the
disposition of the United States troops
in France The statement contained
in the cable from the British war cab
inet and issued by the director of pub
lic information here, that the Ameri
cans were not to be utilized in the
fighting line until they had a com
plete seltsupporting army, has not
been changed or modified in any
way.
Director of pubicl information, Nich
ols, said tonight he had received noth
ing further in regard to the Americana
and that the story was issued as it
came to him through the regular of
ficial channels. There is a possibility
of a mistake occuring in transmis-
CLIFTON. Ariz.. May 13. The trial
of Tom and John I'owers, brothers,
and Tom Sissons. a former soldier, for
the murder of Sheriff R. F. Mi-Bride,
of Graham county, Under Sheriff M. R.
Kemp ton and Deputy Kane Wootni.
while th Powers boys were resisting
arrest hs draft evaders last February,
opened here today.
The trial of the Powers boys and
Sissons was transferred to Clif'-M.
Greenlee county, owing to the senti
ment against them in Graham county,
where rhe killing occurred.
Count Attorney W. R. Chambers
and Deputy Sheriff Joe Layton of Gra
ham, wont to Hachita. N. M., a wec
ago to arrang-i for the attendance of
two of the soldiers wfcd participated
in the a:rest of the outlaws as wit
nesses at the trial.
They expect Lieutenant Mays and
Corporal Rogers to be present. Hays
was in charge of th-3 detachment.
The case will be tried before Judge
La ine.
Resisted the Draft
The only armed resistance in Ari
zona to th-s nwlitary draft, occurred
Sunday morning. February 10. when
Sheriff K. F. McBride of Gruham
county, I'ndersheriff M. R. Kemptou
and Deputy Kane Wootan were shot
and kill id by the Powers brothers and
Tom Sissons. an ex-soldier at the
Powers mine in th"? Galiuro mountains.
30 miles from Klondyke. The county
officers had gone to the powers camp
in company with Deputy United States
Marshal Haynes who held warrants for
the arrest of the two Powers boys on
cahrges of failure to register.
The Powers family is said to have
given it out that they would shoot the
officers who tried to put them in the
army.
There was no parley between the
mountaineers and the officers. The
latter advanced boldly Into the open
ing towarc. the cabin. Jeff Powers,
father if the boys, came out of the
cabin with a gun. He was told to hold
up his hi.nds and was almost immedi
ately shot. Haynes declares that he
attempted to use his gun. Jeff Powers
died a few hours later.
Firing from the cabin followed at
once. Haynes was not seen by the
outlaws and was the only member of
the officers' party to escape. The two
Powers boys wre wounded in the face
by splinters, but this was not known
until their arrest a month later.
Then began the most remarkable
man hunt yet contacted in Arizona.
The three hunted men came across
the divid-3 of the Galiuros Into the
San Pedro valley. Sheriffs and dep
uties from every southern county; in
cluding Pima, attempted to head them
off and track them, and four compan
ies of United States cavalrymen from
Douglas and negro cavalrymen from
New Mexico joind in the hunt wht-n
it reached the Chiricahua mountains in
southe intern Cm hist? county.
Lost in Mountains
The outlaws w.ri- tracked into
those mountains. They chang.il th-.-ir
horses once ami later abandoned their
mounts. A thousand men participated
ii the h nil at one time. Owing to tho
rugged nature of th mountains and
the failure of th bloodhounds to pick
up a hat trail, the fugitives escaped
into Mexico, but so exhausted and dis
couraged wi re they by their hardships
of a months flight and hiding, they
were on the point ot giving themselves
up wh-.-n tracked and captured by .a
detachment of soldiers from Hachita.
The ou'laws were returned to Safford
and later transferred to the jail at
Ciiftim.
Rewards totalling $6."00 were of
fered by the statf. counties, govern
ment and cattlemen, for their appre
hension. These have not yet been
paid, so far as reported.
sociated with the schools of Yucsoa
thpy ha.-e reached a high statd of ef
ficiency. He is t. graduate cf the Albion,
Michigan, high school, class 1S97, and
of the Albion college iu VJiVl. He was
I made bachelor of science in the Uni
versity of Michigan in 1&05 and took
a post graduate course in the Kala
mazoo normal. Later he took master's
' work in education at the University of
Wisconsin
COMPLETE APACHE
RAILROAD GRADING
HAROLD STEELE IS
SUPERINTENDENT OF
DOUGLAS SCHOOLS
Grading on the new Apache rail
road has oeen completed to a point 4a
miles south of Holbrook, opposite
Snow low. Track laying has been
started across the recently completed
bridge over the Little Colorado river.
It is expected that the road will be
ready for operation November 1. At
this tenuinus will be a town named
Coolrsy, after a famous pioneer who
lived in this vicinity about 40 years.
A portabie mill already is at work
at Cool?, for the building of what is
to be one of the largest mills in the
southwest.
HarolJ Steele of Tucson has leii
appointed superintendent of the Doug
las schools to succeed K. K Souer.
who resigned to enter war work, and
will arrive here Monday to !:);?
charge, taking the last we'ek of Fihool
in order to familiarize himself with
local school conditioi.. before the term
ends.
Mr. Steile has been superintendent
of schools in Tucson for the last two
years, an 1 previous to that a princi
pal of the high school in th it city for
eight v-iars in which he has b. eii as-
HOBBY- IS LIEUTENANT
(By Review Leaaed Wire)
BOSTON. Mass, May 13. Richard
Hoblitzel, first baseman and captain of
the Boston American League basbell
team has been nominated by Prct-i-d.
nt Wilson to be a first lieutenant in
the arms dental corps, according to
word received from Washington to
night, iloblitzel has teen anx'ous to
gut into the service and recently un
derwent m major surgical operation to
remove a physical disability which
was a bar to his entering tire crmy.
Sil Power mid
W: - ,
1 C TV .42 e m I
The full series of h
boilir.g points in ''Red
Crown" makes power
and mileage sure. Look
for the Red Crown sign.
STANDARD OIL COMPAN
(California)
vU
31
JA - COX I
SAMSON TIRES
WHEN WEAK
OR RUN DOWN
by rfirralo e Brut thrnnt and lnnr
troubles which often dvcrcuM ellicicncy
and menace lito liselt. try
ECKMAJTS ALTERATIVE
Tfila g Calrlnm t)Ttamtlon twss
d ot marked tonic vaiua in addition lo
Its remedial nualitle. contain no Al
cohol, Narcotic or Uaolt-Fornung lru?.
$2 size, bow $130. $1 tiia, nw 83c
Prlca includes War tax. All druggist-
TVma-n T.-lVrntnrr. PrjjlTVTnMH.
ARE THE BEST
They Are Cheaper, Too!
A COMPLETE STOCK JUST ARRIVED
WELBOURN AND DODDS
Bisbee Phone 432 Jno. Addn. Phone 188
die republicans seer? to urH Tho HH-ish are now fin miles
. i have tlie best pruspect for votes urce ' ast f . ...tv nf Mosul, the site oflsion. and investieation may clear this
sion to tt, effect that the regional di- uen.ocr.tiH 10 get oeninu a loyai tlle anciCnt city of Ninevah and the point
republican candidate and in districts , rsiP!? r i.uii.proii?. caravan routes. In a statement tonieht. Sir Robert
where the democrats seem to have j fkranian reports tell of the capture Borden, prime minlter, said:
the nest prospect for votes, urge the i,y tne Germans of Dowager Kmprees j "The story reached Ottawa through
republicans to get behind a loyal dem- Maria Fcodorovna and Grand Dukes j the ordinary channels and as it was
ocratic candidate." i icbolas Niecolaievitch and Alexander i nut murVcri rnnti.li.nlial it whs eiv-n
CASUALTY REPORT
Michaelovitch. who have been living to the i-rt-ss."
in stralgntencfi iirciiinstanceH in lire
sicli!s!on of their estates in Crimea,
m:v itcvii-w l..-:isil Wiif) whi ".i now is overrun bv the Germans.
J.SHI.GTM.. May Today's Fniperor Charles of Austria, ac-
di-i i iinipanied .by his foreign minister
laud military leaders, lias called on
ki!llfl in :ii-!iiili 1ii dii.il ..f umiil 1.' ... ll'illl-,m
Tbo report of the mefllim says that ; nati national league said tonight tnal
thero w as coniplt te accord" us lo j President John K. Tener of the Nation
th present mtd future relalitms of : al League, had allowed the pdotest of
the countries. i the St. Louis club and orderc the
The I'krainii.ns are said lo be very I game of April 29, played over on the
next visit of the St. Louis team to
rector of railroads, western division.
had requested the consent of the com
mission to the cancellation of these
rates to tin coast and also from point
to point in Arizona to take effect nor
later than May 6. '
The corporation commission lost no
time in replying in a vigorous telegram I
to Mr. Byrne and also to William G. !
McAdm. director teneral of railroads. !
protesting in strongest terms against i ti,K":'"y contained ! names.
anv sitteniiit to cano intrastate sum-'""'1' as follows:
mer tourist rates in Ari.ona and also
like r-At to roust noints II w:.s noint '": '""'l "ccid"iit, 2: ili'-d yf (iisea
:d out that climatic conditions In this )5: of ,l,,K'r causes.
state made it Imperative that the peo
ple, especially women, children and
the many halthseekers in this state,
be given every aid in leaving the cen
ttal and soi-jhem part of Arizona for
cooler refions during the hottest part
of the summer.
The eaily reconsideration and :r.'; i
prompt 1-liaiidoniuent of the plan iU
cancel these rates is proof that tlie
protest of the corporation commivi i'-n
carried much weight. Il is a fine vic
tory fo- the commission and means
much to the .-.;ople of Ar'i.-na.
"The tc lcgruin receivt d l'd:'y ends
any aiteinpt at this time to cut o:i
summer ti.urists rates in Arizona s;?'u
A. A. Belts, a member of the cummis-
ItlDl nielli. . iiiv . .. . i....,! -;,.,
usual summar rates will be in force lo J s;:w VOKK. jfav :. i'art of the tured uninjured
Iron Springs, rlagstair. urana i ?.nou i $ 000 Uj ,(1 ralSi.d bv thu wvr
and other northern points in the s-ate j..;in j;,.a cro;iS j its Sl.,.,;,i iii.ti.ui tl
tnd also to coast points." 'campaign for funds, which will start
-y L"t. v.ill be iisi-d in purchasinH
A fool's voice is known by tnulti- suilii ient lood and cloiliinar for Am -r-
tude of words. King soiomon. 1 1: an soidi'-rs lodged 1:1 German prison
TO PLAY CAME OVER
(Bv It'-vicw Lonred Wire)
CINCINNATI. O.. May IS. I'rcsi-
i dent August Herrmann of the Cincin-
dii-d of other causes, ; wounded
j severely. 12; wounded slightly, 1J,
! niis.-dn? in action,
j l.ictiteuant ;i;y Itaymoiid Forbes of
Minneapolis, Minn., died of disease; J cool toward the new rovernnieiit set
Lieutenant Walter T. O'Donohue, Hart- up hy the Germans while the Lithu
ford, 4'nnn., was slightly wounded ;; anians are demanding the absolute In
Lieutenant Jo.Hi ph I'. Burker, I'ltson, : d-i'endence of their country, with a
I'a., ir. ininsini! in at tion. Captain l. ! monarch chosen from some neutr.1T
Cincinnati Cincinnati had been cred
ted with winning the game by a score
of 4 to 3
In this game Roush stumbled as he
vioualy reported mi-sin
a prisoner
rri:ite Henry G. Black. Montezuma.
Colorado, died of disease.
No otiicr men from Solorado. Ww
M"xic. Ariz:)im or Texas was nani' d;
in the list.
tired for a long tly but eventually
is reported l w hich has been said to be the program I caUght the ball white lying on the
there.
ground. Niehoff on third. left hN base
While th; ball was in th! air. after
I hitting ltoush's glove, and Umpire
O'Day allowed a double play and ro
i fused to permit Niehoffs run to
county.
RED CROSS PLANS
HARVARD LOSES PLAYERS
AUSTRIAN BASE BOMBED
IHv Kt'lli'W itt-JINed WllTI
AMSTKltDAM, May Six air-
pi-.infH Jbonrbt'd the Austrian navI
base in Ihe (lulf of Cattaro Saturday j
nftvrnoon according to Vienna advices.
There was no loss or damage. One
machine fell, the occupants being cap-'
i (Bv Review Leased Wire)
! CAMBRIDGE, Mass., May 13. The
AVIATOR DIES Harvard varsity baseball team today
IIOt'STON. Texas. .May 13. Lieu- lost Its captain. Robert Gross, and
tenant Benjamin V. Maurice cf "sew'onp of its pitchers. Hank Pierson,
York, died at Ellington Field. Hous both of Wioni entered the fourth of
ton, today, of injuries sustained when; fleers' training school at Camp De-
'iu;s, assorted F.llioit Wadsworth. of bis airplane fell on April 16. vens.
a or X--.
j MOST
S0AS7SSS
I FOR WHEflTLESS
' MEflLS- says r
'Boston, ai tiiig cliitir;;,an ol the ext-cn-i
live committte of the Bed Cross, In
:ui ;uidp .-.4 I t'll- t'inii;lil before. '.''
trci l -., -iters lio arc prcparini; lo
e .;.",tioO.'nti) ot the fund in New
k. i
r;u
Yo
Ugly, Unsightly Pimples
Are Signals of Bad Blood
'Ka 2 EATS MAILS
'.il
I I Yf : Tacimiii. W.i! 11.. .M:-y
::. -T't-t, 1," i'l-u' ! i-r.' fo-in-Tly pitc'i-
v. v!i tii" ('i:iiim;'li tint) ol the
Nalicin i i iue. iiii in a piti-lie;-s'
duel ,"i nil Waller Vail-., termer Bt K-
lyn piltlier in a '-:ini'- lie'feeu soldier
te:im. T ." s: ore :is :t to ". It.-uiher
.:: tv v i'. : hi. r-n'
,.11111 K (iM. I'lfl' t'l' Cl'":' -' A il.l'l ie'"i
' pitcher, i!ii 'iret: t he ua me.
Cive Heed lo ihe Warninpr.
Timples on the face and other
parts of the body are warnings from
Nature that your blood is " sluggish
and impoverished. Sometimes they
foretell eczenia, boils, blisters, scaly
eruptions and other Fkin disorders
thnt burn like flames of fire.
They mean that your blood needs
S. S. S. to purify it and cleanse it of
thoe impure acnimu'.itio!'-. that cau
cause unlimited trouble. This remedy
j-; the greatest vegetable blood puri
fier known, and contains no minerals
or chemicals to injure the most deli
cate skin.
Go to your idrufrslore, and pet
bottle of S. S. S. today, and get rid
of those unsightly and disfiguring
pimples, and other skin irritations.
And it will cleanse youpMood thor
oughly. If you wish special medical
advice, you can obtain it without
charge by writing to Medical Direc
tor, 2. Swift Laboratory, Atlanta,
Georgia.
r
Buy Your
Business Stationery
ln Bulk
Why pay extra money for fancy
boxes and v.'rappings? Get it with
out the frill?, cut to any size you
wish, made up into packages, pads
or tablets to suit your needs.
We have a very good grade of
TYPEWRITER PAPER which
we are selling at $1.00 per ream
(8xll inches)
Also a good assortment of
Envelopesall sizes
Ruled Index Cards
Mailing Tubes assorted
Carbon Paper
Blotting Paper, Etc.
Keview Job rrmtmg
9 Department
Upstairs
J Tun BISREE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY MORNING, MAY 14, 1918.
THREE
(
4'
NEW
SUGAR
EFFECT MERCHANTS
OF THIS DISTRICTS
DIFQDISTei8T RESIDENTS
llULLUj Tft ft-iFiT ri!iT ror
IU 0! Afil Uittl Cr
MILITARY TRAINING
New plans, effective May 15, for
Organization 0f a unit for military
drill, preparatory to service in tiie
I'nited S:atc-s cr other army. a?d :or
the knowldse, exercise and military
training to be acouired from the -work
the rationing of Arizona manufactur-1 under 1'nited States officers, wit! be
ers using suear, and affecting the bus-1 undertaken in th next few days
iness of all Warren district merchants among men of this district. Men v. no
who use sugar ,for the making of are registered for the draft especially
candy, ice cream or other similar will be uired to join the unit. Armv
sweets, have been announced by the. officers wi'l assist in the organization,
state food administration. The plans and details will be worked out aft.r
have been worked out by the Unitetf a list of members has been obtain'. 1.
States food administration with the' M. W. Powell, who has been active
greatest possible care .and with the in all local war work, will undertake
LEADERS OF BRITISH ARMIES IN
FLANDERS HAVE ALLIES' CONFIDENCE
desire to disturb business as little as
possible consistent with the attain
ment of the conservation of sugar,
whieh is vitally needed at this time
fcr manning purposes.
f nder this plan, both the manufac
turers of the essential food products
and those of less essential food prod
ucts, with the exception of public
eating places and bakeries, are
classed in Arizona, the program will
effect, particularly, all drug stores and
soda water dispensers making their
own syrups and soda water manufac
turers. No Cards; No Sugar
No Arizona manufacturers using su
gar for manufacturing will be per
mitted after May 15 to purchase sugar
without surrender of an authorized
sugar distribution certificate issued by
the federal food administration for
Arizona through the county food ad
ministrators. Where a company has several man
ufacturing plants located In different !
states. It will be necessary for that
company to file a statement with the
food administrator of each state in
which its plants may be located. Each
administrator will take care of the
plants owned within or without the
state. This, however, does not pre
vent the sellers of sugar located in
one state from making deliveries in
another on receipt of a certificate.
Manufacturers may obtain certificates
upon delivery of the required sworn
statement which shows the amount
of sugar to which he is entitled.
Wholesalers Notified
All wholesalers and retailers have
been notified that they must not sell
sugar after May 15 to any manufac
turer using sugar unless the manufac
turer delivers the necessary certifi
cate. Refiners and sugar brokers have
te preliminary work of oreanization
Under the plans as now formulated,
the unit will meet on stated nishts at
some central point. Captain Good, in
command of company I. Sf.th United
States infantry, at Lowell, will detail
an officer from his command to riil
the unit. The manual of arms and
regular drill formations will first be
tackled, and later additional work mav
be added. Enrollment for the course
is open to everyone.
The idea of oreanizlng the unit came
from a group of men who have been
rejected for military duty by Unitej
States army officials. They asreed
that the drill would offer them exer
cise and give them an opportunity to
learn what they Vould not obtain
through the army. When the broachej
the subject to Captain Good he readily
sirreed to detail one of his men to the
duty of drilling the squads as they
are organized. Later, because mi'i
tary training or knowledge is of espe
cial value to the new soldier in a na
tional army camp, it was decided ti
asV all men under draft age to enroll.
The value of the work to be done
and the training to be had from the
special drill to the drafted man, is
large. One of the first questions asked
of the new soldier is if he has had
previous experience. An affirmative
reply frequently wins for him in the
first weeks of camp life promotion to
corporal or sergeant. It is for this
reason that registrants are especially
invited to join the unit.
Those who are interested in the
organization and who will enroll their
names for drilling, may communicate
by telephone with Mr. Powell at the
Calumet & Arizona Mining company
warehouse at any time during the
day. Tie will receive their names, ci;. e
further details of the plan, and later
announce the first meeting when cot
been notified to the same effect. Con-iplete or?anization will be undertaken.
tracts prior to May 15 may be filled
by sellers of sugar without surrender
of certificates, but no contracts made
after May 15 shall be filled unless "the
buyer delivers the requisite certifi
cate. (Manufacturers may obtain state
ment blanks and certificates over the
state from their respective county fond
administrators, their names and ad
dresses being as follows:
Gustav Becker, Springerville, for
Apache county: Robert Rae, Douglas.
for Cochise; Alex. A. Johnson, Flag-;
sttiff. for Coconino; B. V. von Senden,
Globe, for Gila: R. K. Minson. Clifton,
for Greenlee; T. T. Swift. Safford for
Mohave; Guy E. Cornelius, Winslow, i
Evervone in the district is invited to
become a member of the unit.
23,080 LEAGUES UNDER
THE SEA. EAGLE BILL
Jules Verne's 20.000 Leagues Under
the Sea" will be shown at the Eagle
theatre today.- The management an
nounces the following in retard to
the picture:
You will see' the death grapple be
tween a giant octopus and a pear'
1ii'n- itho nntv mnvinir nirturp of its
for Navajo; A. B. Min. luma, frkind in he worid). showing (in octo
Juma county; H. D. Aitkin, Prescott, , an(J mi jn ferocious baUla or.
for -iavapat: LeHe C Hardy; No ccean's bottom,
gales for Santa (mz; L. H Hofmeis-1 y wm oe tlie Mrange fur.erd
ter. Tucson for Pima: . E. Muhen, ; ocession wending its way to the
Ray. for Pinal. For Maricopa county. avevard of caotain Nemo.
mey snouia apply io uie ieaerai iooa You v.in see CaI)!ain Nemo's party
$ ' '"Hi
"'J
' ' - IA
lit
s v
-
i
' .
I
f- - 5 - ? V1-' : "i" '
-
V; .U V
?A
f x
jBISBEE RESIDENT
IS COMMISSIONED
lien. Herbert riumer (left) and Gen. II. S. Heme.
fill IflTO i'A J" A 1 ' recruitin" district. Until yesterday
P ftl I IV 3 V fill f" BR if 1 tt,is district stood at third and fourth
I til In In l!!Si r'ace a KOO', part of ihP time- Now
Lil Li 1 O I J a J 11. ncccrding to tie recruiting officers.
NAVAL SERVICES
administration at Phoenix.
pvnloring the ocean's bed with the
t-l . : . i : . l
xue cerunca es are 5 lin.u ujneI aivi ,,,,, re(uirin
In tha npnnminallnna rf frAm Rfl ' ...
pounds to 60,000 pounds. They are
engraved after the manner cf bank
notes and are non-transferable. The
food administration hopes to be able
to provide manufacturers sufficient
quantities of sugar to prevent further
curtailment of their business but con
ditions after July 1 will determine
what can be done.
Ice cream manufacturers have been
allotted 100 per cent of their require
ments but no sugar is to be used in
the manufacture of ices and sherbets.
The reason i?e cream manufacturers
are given 100 per cent is to help the
dairy interests to take care of the
surplus of milk during the summer.
neith
er air hose nor life line.
You will see the fascinating Ufa
in the raighty deep, that for thousands
of centuries has been denied to the
sight of the peoples of the earth.
MISS STIMSON TO
CARRY LETTERS BY
PLANE TO GOTHAM
CHICAGO. May 13. Miss Katheritie
Stimson. aviatrix, was STvorn in today
as a postal clerk and Monday morning
will start for New York in her air
nlane, carrying a number of especially
addressed letters for delivery in that
Manufacturers affected by the ruling city.
include preservers and packers of j In connection with the flight, word
vegetables, catsup and chile sauce, was received from Washington an
fruit and milk; manufacturers orinouncing that a new stamp of the 24
caody, confections, jelly and pre- cent denomination is to be issued for
serves; meat packers, ice cream man-1 aviation mail. It can also be used on
facturers, druggists, honey producers j other matter for which the charge
and manufacturers of condiments and j amounts tc that sum. The new stamp
soda water. j will carry the picture of an airplnae
Buy Two-Horse Brand
Copper-Riveted, Genuine Indigo Dyed
Waist Overalls
if you want the best.
The standard of quality for 50 years. The
best fitting, strongest and longest wearin;'
1! .1 ,
overalls mat are made.
A Ney
Pair
FREE "Sf
Like all good things, Two-Hore Brand Over
alls have many imitators. If you want the best
the kind cf which there can be no doubt of the
wearing quality because of our guarantee to pive
a new pair free if they rip ask. for Two-Horse
Brand with Libel as shown here and take no others.
xT5
v.-V .-"-TV
Look fr
IhL laid.
Take no
ubttituts
MAFE AXD GUARANTEED BY
.Levi Strauss &. Co.
San Francisco
AWARDED THE GRAND PRIZE AT P. P. I. E.
L f J if V,
V, "; l.r j
Sold by
All Dealers
Nearly forty residents of 'he War
ren district, you'hs who have lived j
here for several years, some cf tbei;i
all of their lives, many of them we!! j
known to everyone, marched through
t.'ie street:-, of Disbce yesterday af-,
ternoon at 5 o'clock, accompanied bv
the Calumet & Arizona hand and .
bearing the flag of the United States i
F:freen minutes la'tr thev were ,
alrtrd an El Tafo & So'.ihwest"rn j
train. enTute to Fl Paso, where thyj
will K" ryap'ined for rdmiss-on to the j
T"ii!fe-i S';es nn' y. Th" crlcbr?tion ;
of 'I'rir (?P'i?rtTtrs was impressive p.nd '
pntl!'ir;!c?tic. and huid-cds cf nrein !
"r t 'r r p:rpct clitfet.'i the boys fls !
'I;.--.- rrr'i'ec! to the tr.in r.nd briard
t.J I ii'.-ir 'ta '!.
'the v !ia! been c!i':;,',. in this
Wri" .' rt I".- Srtur-M nisht.
wh-r. ('. S. Steffes. chief master at
I'm'. tr-Ti-ning tiie sn;itli-,vr.-.t in t!'.o
I'uc 7' st of the navnl cnl!::mfnts. rr--ivel
'r. Pisbce. Tvt-nty-tvc cf h2
tin tr-ilTs rol!!':"f-'fi! frllnwins a
'civ Pe!.' til- Warren fark
r.n.rrdv n:uht. S.:nby and Men-j
lp.v :te othe"s " ri-'. c'.:t the rval i
"erru'.tine sta'ion end entered tl'eirl
iwnisi cr '"" !!:- (f CTort'n l;i?-'
ee's. iiff-r-, U :::( -oir.npriicd on '
M? tovr cf t'ie sn'uh.vest by S. C
Haas. eV. 'rievn first ''a.-?, and W. ,
O. Wiliirmpcn. elertricinn second
elnss, who are assisting him in en-;
rollim? men for I'ncle Sam's fleets. ;
Kac'i cf for'v ipn living th's '
-Tc-rlrt veer-3'v r f i noon wore on
hp lrrl of I)"': eynl r ST)''.!! white
tVnn l-e-.r1"-- '1; ins-T:'if :,,n : i
"Naval 'olir.te . :3V , Ari
7ona." j
Rihhcn for the deeoraiii.na 1-'
"aeH r the r'Trvi'is'ir orf"'eers by'
the Flirlnr, IV. due Merrpntilo com-!
"any. Tie T'.:;,re 1'i'lv Iteviow lob:
shop donated the t rlminT work and i
supplied t'- - recri'i'int? o'f'i'rrs with !
t!:e finished rbbons ii record time.;
Knl'smi'MH of the forty inrn for this ;
district !u the navv puts tiie His'oee j
recru'tinfi sfatiou at t'.:e bead of the j
list for stations in t'ie K! Paso naval;
the district stands in condition to re
tain its place at the top of the lists.
Following are the recruits w.'io left
yesterday:
T. C. Wright
W. O. Thomas
C I 'd urn nd son
J. W. Mellenry
IT. Griggs
H. A. liledsoe
II. R IJoherty
E. Kvans, Jr.
J. W. Weaver
J. Williams
It. C. Johnson
A. II. Nichols
('. V. Smiih
n. A. Maston
J. V. Muirhoad.
W. I- Dawson
W. IT. Hardin
II. IT. William
J. 0. F-md
If. Potter -
J. Dinsmore
It. t!. Dalagleish '
K. A. Hutii'lton
H. Stowe.
J. Flint
W. E. Davis, Jr.
It. A. Stevenson
A. S. Thomas
O. Simmons
A. J. Dames
D. A. Hutchinson
V.'. A. Arnold. t
i One reside r:t of Disbee, one of Doug
las and one of I'earce. now in the
; -.iiuiy at ( aiiip Kcariiy. t a!ilo:r ia, ar-jj
included in the adjutant f,c n:-rul'.
I authorized list of names and addrenses j
i of Tiio:'. who have r'a!ir;"l in th-; ;
I California camp in the t!:ird series nfj
I officers' training camps to he li ited m:
eligible for appointment as s.lond )
I lieutenants and to be turned on tnt
lists of eligible officers and commis
jsioned at such time as vao:tncie oc
: cur. Included in the list a.,f? twp'.v?
r?tideiits ol Arizona, comi:ig from
I every district in the state,
j Lawrence R. Jackson, of Hisbee, is
I the one local man to be irel'idhij it
' the new officers. Jackson was a for.
mer student of the Fniversily of Ari
I zona, coming to this city to make bi-1
home soon after completing Ms studies
1 in the university. While in tnis cit ,
:he married .Miss Kathorine Hoy,
! daughter of Mrs. A. T. Hoy. Later
I he left the district as a member of
! the Cochise county first draft unit,
j Since, he has been winning promotion
' rapidly. He i t well known in the dis
trict, especially among the younger
jmen and women.
I Charles L. Renaud, of Pearce. in
cluded in the lists, also was a former
I student at the I'niversity of Arlzon i.
j where he specialized in aericulMral
work. Alter leaving tne university ne
worked in several localities in the
state, leaving with the drafted con
tingent in which Jackson was in
cluded. The complete list for the state fol
lows: Jackson. Lawrence R.. P. O. Box
3GS, Hisbee, Arizona: field artillery.
Koch, Robert I, Flagstaff, Arizona;
infantry.
Le Karon, James E., Mesa, Arizona;
infantry.
Meyer Richard E.. 61 Tool-? avenue,
Tucson, Arizona: tield artillery.
Paul, William fl., Wickenburg, Ari
zona; field artillery.
Peprt. D. T., Casa Grande, Arixna: I
infantry. j
Pomeroy Franklin I.. Mesa, Arizona: :
infantry. I
Renaud. Tharles ;L., Pearce, Ari- !
zona; field artillery. '
Rice. Thomas R., Douglas, Arizona;
I field artillery. ;
i Eads. Clark, 1314 North T'lird
street. Phoenix, Arizona: Infantry.
Garcia. Ramon. 720 North Twelfth j
avenue, Tucson, Arizona; infantry.
Gilbert. Ira X.. 745 North Stone ave-
nue, Tucson Arizona; infantry. i
STOLEN HONOR, FILM
AT CENTRAL TODAY
Queens of f;.Mnn hail better beware
of their laurels. Miss Virginia Pearson
in her latest William Fox photoplay,
"Stolen Honor," wear. some extinisi
gowns. She will be sp(.n 4t the Cen
tral theatre today.
Resides these beautiful gowns,
"Stolen Honor" has ir.ar.y points to
reconinif nd it to all motion picture
followers. The story ii go.d atid is
laid in U'a.-hingtc.n, D. ('. It has some
thrilling scenes and the sfs are rich
ly made.
It will add to Miss Pcar-nn's popu
larity l.e-aiis" .Miss Pearson is above
everything eise a fine HCtrex end in
this play she needed much dramatic
ability.
Te stcrv revoives nrotind a stolen
paintirg which finally finds it way
into the National An Gullerv in
Washington. Virginia Ijke (Miss
Pearson) is a sc iety girl urti?;t, and
after she makes a copy of the p.Mnt
ing. she is accused of stealing ihe
orieinal and substituting the. cony.
The accusation is made by a woman
who is in love with a man who loves
Virsinia IaKe. llieli socieiy is en
tangled in the conspiracy, including
an ambassador. j
It is a stirring photcplay and one i
that will give splendid entertainment.:
I
tythe drink without a
' fault. Ee sure to order a
case fcr your hcre today.
Tne Test U in t! Taste1'
Ahha is pure, refresh ins
the nrtinn's beit niv b-jv.-rave
Lini'k it cc'.c, you will say it is Brc:it. .
X)ahi is a beveraao cf quilitv 3
srvtd whrraver coft drlil.3 a:e s.id. J
Alba Bavercgo Dcpa: t-2cnt
CbicAtfOb ill. 3
Ash Your Dealer
Crjsiil Bottlks Yo:U Dhtrs
"ucton, AHz.
CHICHESTER S PILLS
0
t R HkM-lrr Willi J BrMdi
I'llUlu K-4 -tni fcot4 Bie.iiiA
N its, MOd tUl h-jc RtU-oo.
TsL a tihff. Buy r jmr
MAMM It KA N i PILL r t
yerjHM.wuasBrst.Silt-it.A:a-k-tii.
SOLD SY DRLGOISTS VEOHLRE
who are conducting the services. Dr.
II. C. Com p. on. of the Rapthit church,
and Rev. Grovfr ". Linn addressed
the audience Sunday.
Services will be held next Sunday
and each Satcth of the summer
months. The public is invited to ir
tend and participate in making th
services a success.
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Solicits Your
Patronage
PHONE 53
OPEN AIR SERVICES
DRAW BIG AUDIENCE
Large crowds are gathering each '
; Sunday aiteii.oii in tre ut.;uee city
! i ai l; wl.ore open air undenominational
'servif?s ere being held each Pahatn i
ul i o'clock. Yesterday afternon aii- j
; proximately 75 persons took advantage i
'of the opportunity to worship und.r !
the blue sky. Ideal weather nude I
; the services an entire success.
j Regular churc h services of undenom- j
inational character are held on each of j
these occasions. A piano is supplied, j
' hymn books are distributed and a good '
progiam of staging accompanies the I
words from ministers of the district ;
perfectly leavened, thoroughly whoie
- some breads and biscuits always re
sult when this splendid baking pow
der is used.
ti-S:"'!rr:"--'-,
Cornmeal Rolls
l'3 cups flour
1 tablespoon sugar
V? teaspoon salt
cups cornmeal
2 teaspoons Crescent Bakinf
Powder
2 tablespoons shortening
(butter or lard)
1 egg '2 CUP milk
Sift together dry inCrrdirnu. Cut in
thortrning. AddtheetUtwellbeatPnand
thr milk. Roll oat and cut into rounds.
Butter each round and fold over. Bake
io quick oveo.
No increase in price or re
duction in can size sold
by all grocers, 25c a pound.
(E-241)
SICK WOMAN
ii
W WELL
Took Lydia E. PinkhairTs
Vegetable Compound.
Read Her Letter.
Potterville, Pa." For a long- time
I was bothered with pains in my side,
and was so weas
from tny trouble
that I could not t.t
any lifting or ha:-'.
wnir: of any kind.
It I tricti tottraiirh
ten out when lyii.rr
i'i;?.n it scimeti
tnoiiuh scracthiag
wotiM tour loose.
Ly.iia E. Pinkhai.i s
V'ceetable (Vm
poun 1 lias restore
tny health at"J I a:n
rntite myi;'if enrt-
more." Mi.-s IIazll Cuucbuck,
IVttervillo, Penn.
Thousands of women drap- alonn: from
day to day in just sm-h a miserable con
dition 33 wbj Mt-s. Ch'.ili'.mck. crsiitfer
r.a from displacements, irrerularitis's.
in lamm-i'.ior. tilceri! t ion, huckachr. side
;i 'i t- : pull
! ii'1! lii'jl
L. J. OVERLOOK, BROKER
Correspondent: Paine, Weber & Co, Boston, Duluth, Calumet.
LOGAN A BRYAN, NEW YORK AND CHICAGO.
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK.
FRUITMAN'S T ADIES' TAILOR
ashionable and IMPORTER
Tailors' and Dressmakers' Supplies
Woolens, Linings and Trimmings Pleating and Hemstitching
Buttons and Buttonholes
HUGHES BLOCK (Opposite Central School) Phone 274 BISBEE
. ii.
n .-rv
Ml
or
i.h!
I aeh
Mi"?"
Su ti '-T.rtrn f'luld pr'.vTi. iy Uri.
Chubimck's esjx-i icn-e a:. I tc? thi ;
famotis r') t :n:l hcrS r: .n."!y, Lytiiu
r,inMmT'.,r. Vctfetaii!-.' '.ir.iuml, ..!
tirid l'l !'. '' 1ii.nl tht'ii s-.;t! c! iii'js u- tlif
.id.
Fcr six cial s'ltrrstions io recar.l to
your ailment writ-! I.ytiia I- I'inkh.im
Medicine Co.. Lynn, Miiss. 1 .-' resist
ofits l'jiigcx.criutx'i: ;s at your scrviu-j.
The Body of
Our Paint
Is pure white lead. It Is mixed with
turpentine or pure linseed oil ac
cording to whether it is to be used
for In or outside work. There is no
grit In lt; no adulterants to make
its manufacture cheaper. Paint ex
perts always ket their supplies
here. Wouldn't it be wise for yon
to follow their examp'e.
Bisbee Lumber Company. n
EM IL MARKS. MGR.
LOWELL CAR 8TOP.
PHONE &
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
When pay day comes do you put a
portion of your wages in the Bank?
You can open a Savings Account here
with one Dollar or more.
Make the start on your next pay day.
Bank with us.
Safe deposit boxes for rent.
-4
You've Been Earning for Years?
Has it cost you every dollar of it to live?
These are pertinent questions, but the man who
answers them honestly to himself will feel the time
has come to start a Sayings Account with this bank,
save for the future and get 4 per cent Interest.
Think It Over!
CITIZENS BANK; & TRUST COMPANY
Main Street Bisbee, Arizona
When You Think of Building
Think of
GIBSON-MINES
LUMBER COMPANY
J. W. F. SMITH
Manager
Phone 88
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
AND HIGH CLASS CAFE
The best of everything at reasonable a la carte prices
A Special 60c luncheon daily. Also $1.00 dinner from
5:30 to 7:30 p. m. Regular Board by the month, $40;
$10 by the wrck.
Henry Poppen. Manager.
Review Want Ads Bring Results r
FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY MORNING, MAY 14, 1918.
UBLISHED EVERY DAY EXCEPT MONDAY BY THE
STATE CONSOLIDATED PUBLISHING COMPANY.
MULLEN A. CAIN.
.Editor and General Manager
TJie Associated Press is exclusively entitled to the
use for republication of all news dispatches credited to
It or not otherwise credited to this paper and alsb the
local news published herein.
All rights of republication of special dispatches herein
are also reserved.
Entered aa Second Class Mail Matter at Bisbee, Arizona,
Under Act of March 8. 1879.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES. PAYABLE IN ADVANCE:
l-Eli MONTH 75
THREE .MONTHS 2.25
SIX MONTHS 00
7.50
2.60
.75
TWELVE MONTHS
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per year
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per quarter
No Subscription Taken For Less Than 75 Cents.
. A grain of good news : They are going
to put the summer round trip rates to the
coast back on the schedule. Won't the
wives and the kiddies be glad !
Arizona, the baby state, has doubled her
quota in the third Liberty, bond drive. In
recognition the state has been awarded the
first blue star in her flag. Yes, and Co
chise county ranks with any county in
these United States in her third loan rec
ord, when her proportion of wealth and
population are considered.
A German chemist, ambitious to emu
late the German politician who offered that
awful dose to the Russian provinces which
is calculated to make them think they are
free when in reality they are German sub
jects, has placed on the market a capsule
that he claims will make the user think he
is not hungry. German science and Ger
man politics keep side by side in their fan
tastic race. And to top it all a Prussian
duke is running for King of Finland on the
Hohenzollern ticket. The odds favor his
election, for the Prussian bayonets have
cleared away all opposition up to the time
of going to press.
Most significant is the announcement
that Italy has furnished a quarter of a mil
lion men for Foch's reserve army. Italy
has always had these men. Her trouble
has been artillery, food and munitions.
France has the artillery, England can fur
nish the shells and America the food. This
Italian acquisition makes that reserve army
of the four nations most formidable. And
.each nation will strive with might and
main to uphold its own traditions when
the blow is struck. A most formidable
army, this strategic reserve, in both num
bers and in power, and surely a nightmare,
menacing, mysterious and terrible to the
German general staff.
Testimony for the government in the I.
W. W. trial at Chicago continues to pile up
in concrete form to show positive destruc
tion of property, hampering of government
work by means of strikes and 'active opposi
tion to the selective draft law. Already a
stronger case has been made against this
organization than had been expected by
those who were convinced of the danger
and harm of outlaw body. Efforts to try
to intimidate the court were met by Judge
Kenesaw Mountain Landis with an iron
resolution that quickly put a stop to the
practice of the well known form of sabotage
even in a U. S. court.
Did you hear that band playing "Over
There" as it swung down the canyon yes
terday evening to the depot, leading the
way for forty Bisbee jack tars soon to be? It
thrilled like a battle call. And the district
responded with fine enthusiasm. No use
talking, the brazen call of the bugles when
the boys entrain from the old home town
to go to war, stirs the average citizen like a
firebell does an old fire horse. Ever since
the minute men went out to defend the
Lexington road, American men and women
have, from time to time, s'tood by their
doors and gates and watched with high
pride and patriotism their children go forth
to the stern work of war, and always with
a just and great cause of a free people to
brighten their eye and strengthen their
hearts and give inspiration to their fond
farewells.
News on submarine sinkings for the
year is the most encouraging report that
has come from the seat of war since Gen.
Byng drove forward against Cambrai last
year. Sinkings arc about one-third what
they were last year. And even better news
is expected. Shipbuilding in America alone
now really under way will meet the present
rate cf destruction. And after all, the men
ace of the submarine is greater than the
menace of the German army. Unless
American troops and food and munitions
can be shipped in an unbroken stream to
France all sujmmer the peril behind the
allied lines may well cause a break that will
be nothing short of a disaster. The sub
marine is not conquered; no one claims
that ; but it is being met this year in a man
ner that gives rise to the highest hopes for
the future. American and British destroy
ers and allied seaplanes have contributed
largely to this happy result. It is positive
ly declared that destruction now excels the
output of the U-boats. And the destruc
tion of the Zeebrugge and Ostend harbors
has helped in the general work of depres
sion of German piracy on the high seas.
Still the Germans hesitate to resume the
slaughter on the western front. It 13 just
two weeks since Von Arnim met with that
disastrous repulse before Ypres and he
crouches but does not spring. He will get
stiff and sore if he remains much longer
in this threatening position and yet doe3
not move. Experts are inclined to believe
that the British will hold Ypres at any cost.
To them it is what Verdun was to the
French. Thousands upon thousands of
the flower of British manhood have died in
the taking and in the defense of the Ypres
salient in a dozen battles during the three
and one-half years of the war. It 13 holy
ground to Britain. That Haig could have
safely withdrawn from this salient after
the Von Arnim repulse of two weeks ago
is certain now. But he did not withdraw.
He elected to stay, and it is fondly hoped
that he will stay. For to hold this salient
is to menace any German advance to the
channel in the north or upon Amiens in
the south. It is Von Hindenburg's move,
and he seems to be worried and uncertain.
'MEN, GET BUSY!"
Thus the Los Angeles Times heads the
following editorial on the condidacy of
Campbell for governor of Arizona:
"Tom Campbell is again a candidate for
Governor of Arizona on the Republican
ticket. A plank in his platform sets forth
his belief that every able-bodied man
should be employed in some lawful and
useful calling also that the Industrial
Workers, who won't work except with
their lungs, should be officially placed out
of existence. This sentiment is neither
new nor sensational, but a few years back
a statesman would be held impolitic who
made it. Now it is in accord with the trend
of the times. The idea that every man
should do something is, indeed, becoming
really popular, and several states have in
corporated it in their legislation. Playing
seven-up, rustling cattle or picketing smel
ter plants cannot be classed as useful call
ings and if Campbell should carry his ideas
to the uttermost some of the activities of
Arizona spirits might be diverted into lines
more advantageous to the public good.
Concerning his attitude toward the I. W.
W., there is now but one, patriotic view.
This gang is a foe to law and order and
therefore traitorous to organized govern
ment. It can have no proper place in the
framework of the nation. It merely needs
stiff doses of its own medicine and this a
Gov. Campbell would purpose to adminis
ter. More power to his elbow.
SABOTAGE
The Christian Science Monitor, pub
lished in Boston, and maintaining a con
servative and powerful editorial policy that
is fast gaining weight and influence in cir
cles of thought the country over, in a long
editorial flays the I. W. W. organization,
its friends and sympathizers, yes, and its
first cousins, the agitators and radicals, un
mercifully. In part the Monitor says:
"No less than fifty different cases of
sabotage have been reported in one of the
great camps near Aberdeen, Wash., with
in the last three months, and concerted
action has now been taken to hunt down
and drive out of the community all mem
bers of the I. W. W. If in the driving of
them violence shall be resorted to, it will
be regrettable, but in the light of the
known facts it can hardly be surprising.
"But the most regrettable thing about
the whole matter is that, owing to the fail
ure of the state and federal courts to deal
adequately with the problem, private citi
zens are left, in self-protection, to take the
law into their own hands. The proceed
ings in the I. W. W. case at Chicago are
having a tendency rather to provoke the
violence complained of than to give out
raged citizenship confidence in established
authority. The I. W. W. is quite as deter
minedly hostile to the United State3 as arc
the Germans or the Austrians, and, if re
sort to lynch law is to be avoided in the
defensive against this enemy, the I. W. W.
will have to be brought under some other
than the ordinary processes of law."
RAILROAD IS HELD
RESPONSIBLE FOR
WILLIAMS DEATHS
CASA GKANDE. May 13. Holding
the Southern Purlflo railroad comoanv
Its employes and agents, responsible
ror the accident which resulted in the
death of John S. Williams, a prom
inent Bisbee attorney, last Sunday
night, and three of bis family, the
coroners jury rendered its findings
this alternoon at a late hour. The
delay in the finding of a verdict was
caused by the fact that the reporter's
notes were taken to Phoenix and tran
scribed before the findings were de
cided upon.
Charles F. Bennett of Casa Grand
and justice of the peace and coroner
for that precinct of Pinal county, con
ducted the case. The jury was com
posed of the following: George Bur
gess, foreman: A- T. McKlnlay, Dave
Cummings, s. O. Chapman, Gordon
McMurray, Howard Snyder, Jack
Cnarleton, H. M. Miner and Charles
Randolph.
The verdict follows:
"We, the jury, duly impaneled,
swotn and charged by Charles F. Ben
nett, justice of the peace In the above
named precinct, acting as coroner, to
inquire into the cause of the death
,f tour persons killed at a grade cross
ing on the Southern Pacific railroad
in the town of Casa Grande. Pinai
county, Arizona, on the evening oi
May 5. 1918, having- Inspected th
bodies of said four persons, immediate
ly after they were killed, and at tne
place they were killed, and having
heard the testimony of witnesses as
to the circumstances leading up to
the death of said four persons, hereby
certify on our oaths that the four
persons killed at said time and'place.
as aforesaid, were John S. Williams,
age 46 years; his wife, Edith V. Wil
liams, age 42 years; Dorothy Williams,
age '14 years; and Maurine Williams,
age 7 years; the last two named Dem
daughters of the said John S. Williams
and his said wife, Edith V. William-;
that the place of residence of the said
deceased was Casa Grande, Arizona:
at a" of said persons were killed on
the railroad crossing next east irom
the railroad pump house within the
corporate limits of the town of Casa
Grande at about the hour of 8:26 p.
I m. on Sunday, the 5th day of May,
191S; mat me saia jonn s. v imams,
his said wife and two children, with
son Paul, who was not instantly killed,
were crossing the track of the South
ern Pacific railroad company at the
regular public crossing in the said
town of -Casa Grand, above) men
tioned, riding in an automobile driven
by said John S. Williams, and thai
the said John S. Williams, his wifj
and two daughters, firRt herein named,
weie all killed at the same time and
that the cause of death was that the
automobile In which they were riding
was struck on said crossing by the
engine of Southern Pacific train No.
1, westbound; that at the time said
automobile was struck and the said
four persons killed, as aforesaid, the
said train No. 1 was running at n
excessive and reckless rate of speed,
and, as shown by the evidence sub
mitted to this jury, the said train was
running, at the time of said killing, at
Irom 40 to 50 miles an hour; that at
the time of tfie killing of said per
sons, the said train was about two
hours behind its schedule time; that
no whistle was blown or bell rung on
said engine SO rods before reaching
said crossing, and that no whistle was
Mown or bell rung until at the
moment of striking said automobile,
and that, although it was past sun
down, no headlight was burning on
said engine at the time of said kill
ing, and for the foregoing reasons, we
"Therefore find that the death of
said John S. Williams, Edith V. Wil
liams, his wife, Dorothy Williams aud
Maurine Williams, was caused by th-j
gross carelessness and negligence of
the (Southern .Pacific Tailroad com
pany and its agents and employes in
charge of said train, and, especially
because of the excessive and danger
ous rate of speed at which said trai.i
was being run through the corpora!-?
limits of said town of Casa Grande.
"Witness our hands this 11th day
of May, 1918.
I Signed) "GEO. W. BURGESS.
Foreman.
"A. T. McKlXLAY,
"H. M. SNYDER,
"S. O. CHAPMAN.
"J. K. CHARLTON.
"H. M. MIX EAR.
"CHAS. RA.MX)! PH.
GORDON' McMURRAY.
B. W. CUMMINS."
vitx sm
f i
, IJ- M -S'x ?'
WORLD
t 1 1
I State and County News Briefs
County Briefs
PERSHING REPORTS
SAMMIES KILLED
ON BATTLEFIELD
(By Review Leased 'Wi.-el
"WASHINGTON, May 13. Toihiy's
casualty list contained G9 names di
vided as follows:
Killed in action 8: died or wounds
4; died of accident 7; died of disease
4; died other causes 3; wounded se
verely 4; wounded slightly 34; pris
oners, previously reported missing 5.
Eleven officers were included. Lieu
tenants Adrian C. Edwards, Carroll
ton, 111., and Walter Cecil Flato, New
York City, were killed in action. Col
onel George E. Leach. Minneapolis,
and Lieutenant Mortimer E. L. Stein
hardt. New York, were slightly
wunded.
Listed as prisners are:
Captain Jno. F. Hardest.". WiuficM.
Mo., and Lieutenants Win. H. Gordon.
New York City; Thomas Benjamin
Kern. Bethlehem. Pa.. Frank K. Mil
ler. Madera. Pa., and Janus E. Quig
ley. Adrian. Pa. 1
Lieutenant Alton P. Wood of llosum
jvas among tlioso who died "of other
causes."
I Private Ernest O. I'oss. Puelilo. Col ,
,was listed as wounded slightly.
I No other men from Ciiniiio. x'i
I zona. New Mexico of Tejwus wcic
nuaicd iu tliu list.
In the casualty lists arriving yes
terday Irom the battle fronts the name
of u ( ocliise boy, Wm. G. Burk. of
Dougian, appears. Ho was slightly
wouudett.
The Forest Service has arranced to
place a phone in connection with the
iluachuta line from Tombstcne for
r.i(i in Are protection of the north
site of the Huachucas.
with ."our cases of whiskey. John
iiosuick fell a victim in PirtleiHe
atou: me same time, charged wit ti
selling liquor. He is cut on JSi'O
bond. James Parker, a trooper,
luri.ei, turned over to officers of tbt
Seventeenth, had a sack so heavy vit,i
lni!t.r Hint he could hardly lift It when
he got off tne train from Rodeo V.'ecl
besctay night in civilian attire aud
walked into Bowden'g arm's.
C. R. Adamson, county agricultur
al agent for Cochise county, is mating
the rounds in the various parts o:
the county, holding agricultural uitct
ings and planning work among tin:
farmers.
According to the report of Postm.'is
;r M. C. Ilankins of Douglas, the
sales of war savings stamps in April
amounted to f'7,31S.20. This breaks
the record and exceeds the sales tor
March by approximately $7,000.
The Mountain State Telephone com
pany has a large crew of men cm
ployed in overhauling the telephone
in the town of Willcox and vicinitv.
They are making a number of needed
improvements which will be appre
ciated by their patrons in this section
of tiie countr.
D. C. Thierman of Lompoc, Ari
zona, who has a ranch in the R:ley
ca.ion. was at Wiiicux last Friday.
He states that he has two acres it
watermelons, 20 acres of corn and 20
acres of milo maize planted and whicu
was now well above the ground aud
looking fine. He also staled tliat he
was preparing another 50 acre3 on
which he will pant kaft'ir. He ii quite
enthusiastic over the outlook and
states that if the ground is properly
prepared he can Bee no reason why
people cannot grow good crops eacn
j ear. He also stated Mrs. Tnierman
had about 3.VJ chicks from which
number she had only lost 7 and he
believes this to be one of the finest
poultry sections in the United States.
poses in Yuma, Mohave and Yaraoai
counties. The annual inspection tour
of the commission is not yet complet
ed and another trip shortly will be
made, when the Jerome district in
Yavapai and the counties of Coconino,
Navajo and Apach will be Ttsited.
The committee went first to Yuma,
where a hearing was given to the
Swansea Mining company. This com
pany has just installed a concentra
tion plant with a capacity of handling
200 tons ot ore a day and gives prom
ise of becoming one of the big pro
ducers of the state. .
Tombstone went over the top to the
tune ot 454 per rent in the Thir i
Liberty loan. Tombstone's quota w-n
5.::3 and sh? placed $39,650 in the
bonds, thHs getting an honor flag with
three stars. Tombstone had one bond
slaiker and one "near" slacker.
Clean-up of ugrants and suspicion
characters of all kinds is th.; word
passed by polh-e authorities of tlu
city of Douglas, it is the consequence
o! continued holdups and petty thiev
ing, of which there has recently ap
peared to be an epidemic, not only in
louglas. but in several other cities of
the state.
Mrs. A. Y. Smith, chairman of lha
Sulphur Sprinso valley branch of th.'
American Kcd Cns, has returned to
her home in Pearee from a few we :k
visit in Los Angeles. San Francisco
and other coi'st cities. While ;;one
jhe vi.-ited h'T son Lewis, wiio is at
tending Stanford university. Mr.i.
Smith is also chairman of the wcUaro
committee of the council of defense
lor Cochise county and writes thi't
they are planning n busy summer
both in the lied Cross and council ot
defense.
Development work at the Phelps
Dcdse properties is progressing favor
ably and reports are to the effect thai
a very large manganese-silver ote body
is beng developed. Two shafts are
being sunk by contract, one on the
Escondido property and one on the
Prompter. It is reported that a drill
or tunnels being driven by the com
pany will connect up all that ground
and that the two sr.afts being sunk
will cut into the tunnels connecting
on the same level so that the Oregou.
Prompter, Escondido and Lucky Cvss
will all be connected by the under
ground workings. Many old-timers
there are of the opinion that copper
will be developed in the water at these
claims, but not a word comes as to
what the management thinks of tie
ground. The lessors over the district
continue to send out regular ship
ments of silver-lead ores to the smelters.
A motion to continue the case of the
Stan vs Jose Leon was denied in the
superior court at Tucson Friday when
made by Leon's attorney. Haynes o
Willcox. Thereupon Leon changed
his plea from not guilty to guilty of
the crime of bootlegging, and he was
sentenced to pay a fine of $50 and
t ?rve three months in jail. A charge
of assault with intent to murder Coun
ty Ranger Hugh Bryan of Pima coun
ty is pending in the superior court of
PiiVU county.
Bert Alexander, a porter in the
i.vrii theater in Douglas, was arrested
Friday morning on the charge of dis
turbing the peace, when police offi
cers entered the building to discover
why smoke was issuing from the back
doors. Within they found the negro
almost dazed, and the stage filled with
smoke, while his bed was in flames.
Alexander sleeps in the teater and
Alexander sleeps in the theater and
a cigarette.
Brief State Notes
Harry SpiouU a:i electrician tin
ployed i t the Old Dominion, Globe,
was se-.iously burned by coming in
contact with a 2300-voIt circuit on
the switchboard at the '"K" shaft.
Only through the presence of mind of
one ot the operators, who started a
large motor and "kicked out" the cir
cuit breaker, thereby releasing Sprout,
was the latter saved from a horrible
death.
All able-bodied men in Phoenix will
soon be compelled to aid Uncle Sam
in. successfully prosecuting the war
against Germany, if present plans of
members of the city commission do
not miscarry. Adoption of an anti-vagrancy
act in that city is imminent. U
is beleved. as a result- of overture
made before the cty commission W1
nesday Morning by Col. James H. Ms
Clintock. on behalf of the councjl of
defense. Action to be taken here is
in keeping with a widespread move
ment to compel men in all walks of
life to devote a given number ot hour
each week to some kind of remuner
ative work. The prince and the
pauper will come under the scope ot
this action is "expected.
Word was received in Douglb ol
Ih'j death or Samuel T. Cross, foreman
cf pattern makers of the E. P. Ac S
J W. shops in El Paso, in that city
ThiTsday. r'ross was well known ni
Itliis city and throughout the entire
I system. Death was due to excessive
I Mood pressure, attended by heart
jlerkace. He had just returned, Irom
, California, where he had splint hejuer
I ,i! months i,i the hope ol bettering
'his health. He is survived by a widow
two sisters ami a brother.
I Masquerading as a patent medicine
I ruh I", Jamc leiilc has been la-
, miliar about lijiulas with a Ford car.
I ; t SI.i l lil !;iw leli gut il 1 1 ii "i liltie-
'lUj v cuius ucar the New Mexico line
i A chusc which extended from .Mor
end to Jerome, through Globe and
Miami, ei.ded in Jerome when Dei uiy
U. S. Maishal Harry Carlson ar.esl jd
i'ietro .v'ardi. au Italian alleged to be
be a slacker. Nardi registered at Mor
encl and is alleged to have tied to
Globe to avoid service. He was lo
cated in Globe biit before he could be
taken he had dodged to Miami. When,
located there he made his way to Jer
ome. Carlson took him to lrescott
to the proper authorities.
The federal food administration for
Arizona announced Wednesday night
the fixin-; of a maximum profit on hay
for th slate of Arizona ot $2 per ton
for nal-.'s within the slate, and $3 a
loq on hay t,lored fur more tlvin sixty
days for shipment outside the slate.
These figures were, determined upon
Hi a conl'erem-' which lasted tor sev
eral hours Wcdcsnday afternoon ut
the Water Users' building, ami at
which every phase of the hay industry
was thoroughly threshed out.
The sfMe tax commission has re
lumed 1'liLJiiix from a loin ot ..t -ciul
days of inspection tor lax pur-
Of thirteen applicants who took the
semi-annual examination on Monday
and Tuesday at the state house for
admission to practieo law in Arizona,
twelve were successful and were ad
mitted to the bar. The twelve suc
cessful ones are: William V. Ander
son. Phoenix; Robert Wwton BabcocW.
Phoenix; Arthur G. Baker. Prescott;
Maurice Blumenthal. Tombstone;
I-nwell C. Bodev. Tucson: Arthur J.
j Eddy. Yuma; Thomas R. Greer. Su
Johns; Carl J. Hellerstedt. Tucson;
James Miller. Jr.. Phoenix; Robert W.
Smith. Safford; Harry C. Westover,
Yuma; Edward Wilder. Phoenix; Ar
thur G. Baker of Prescott had Iuh
honor f securing the highest standing
of the twelve candidates. Willia.n C.
Anderson of Phcanix was second, and
James Y.il'.er. Jr.. was a clo'ie third.
! That Arthur Behringer who placed
'a dictograph in room 400 of the Hotel
' Adams, that he might learn wha! the
Rav Hercules Mining company uai on
their minds was guilty of a reprchens
ibli act, but not of a crime, v-s IQ
opinion el the supreme court, which
designates it is a more reliaeU but
none tha less contemptible kind ct
eavesdropping than gluing ones ear
against i keyhota. The court held thai
no offense "committed by Behr'nger
comes under the prohibition of ihe
statute. ThouRh he might have heard
a message being poured into tire r-
oeiver. he could not have intercept fl
it in transmission. The statuto. the
court holds, was intended :o bat the
practice of wir tapping ntnl 'net was
licit doae or attempted by (Jehrint'er.
As a mailer of fact, he was probably
, not expecting 'o overheur any tele
phone conversation at all but to over
hear thJ conversation of the men who
were In the mom. But it was not .jih
(hat probability that the opinio:) dealt
tor itehrii ger had been i hanged wi'h
tin! only ffense of which it v.as pos
sible to convict him. THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY MORNING, MAY 14, 1918.
FIVE
Mining and Financial News
i
BY REVIEW
NEW YORK. May 13 Last week's
bull campaign in stocks was promptly
resumed with greater vigor fat the
opening of today's market, extreme
gains in a wide variety of issuer
tanging from 2 to almost 10 points.
The rise encompassed virtually all
the popular war issues, shippings, mo
tors and their accessories.
Rails were slow, but made gross
gains of 1 to 2 points during the
intermediate period. These were ma
terially reduced in the extensive sell
ing for profit that marked the final
hour.
United States Steel's 'leadership
was again undisputed, rising 2 to
1 but closing 1U under its maxi
mum, a net gain of l?g. Steel con
tributed 275.0(Y) to the day's total
turnover of 1,235.000 shares.
Enlarged offerings forced the Lib
erty 48 down to the new low of $97.80
and the second 4's made a new min
imum at $94.60, first .'s and 3's
also denoting renewed pressure. Total
Rales (par value) $8,850,000. Old U.
S. issues unchanged on call.
GRAINS
CHICAGO, May 13. Corn bulged in
value today oving more or less to a
good sized decrease of the visible sup
ply total. Prices closed strong at .
shade 1o 2 net higher, with May
121 to 127 and July 145li
to 145 Oats advanced 1 to 2Vi.
Provisions finished unchanged to 45
cents lower.
It became i-pi arent almost from
the cutset that the market was in an
oversol.1 com: H ion. Evidence that the
hi rnmti issii.n houses were buvina
ehorts cover freely brought about a
decided upturn in quotations soon
after the opening. Some of the buy -
ing was based on reports that poor
seed had reiWered crop prospects un -
certain auu mm piuuieu aLieasc
would show a reduction.
Besides, field work was said to be
hampering the crop movement. De
mand due to such causes, however,
failed to last, and the market had
undergone a material setback when
toward the end of the session a fall
ing off in the visible supply figures
attracted notice. The close was at
virtually the top figure of the day
Oats were bullishly affected by ab
normally cold weather northwest and
by excessive rains elsewhere.
Weakness of the hog market car
ried down provisions and so, too, did
disappointing exports. Grain strengtn
though led afterward to rallies.
NEW YORK METALS
NEW YORK. May 13. lead firm.
spot 700 h 712; Spelter firm East
St. Louis delivery 725. liar silver 99.
NEW YORK COTTON
NEW YORK, May 13 Cotton closed
steady at a net advance of 40 to 51
points.
NEW YORK
Closing Quotations, May 13, 1918
Anaconda
63
American Car
American Locomotive
American Smelter . .
American Sugar ....
Baldwin
Bethlehem (B)
C & O
C F & I
Canadian Pacific ...
Central Leather ....
Crucible
Distillers ,
Erie
Goodrich
General Motors
Ind Alcohol
Lackawanna
Marwell ,
Marine
Marine, Preferred . .
Midvale
Mexican Petroleum .
45!,
81
1127
86
86 Vs
58
44
147
68
7U
6-1
15
46
123
131
88
26
25i
95
5014
97
LIFT OFF CORNS
FREEZONE IS MAGIC
Costs few cents! Sore, touchy
corns lift right off with
fingers. No painl
rJt - MXI'IL' ' I
vjs.:'.wW,7 u: '--.iii
1 1Ju-' i'"f.wi;
Drop a little Freezone on an aching
corn, instantly that corn stops hurting,
then you lift it right out. It doesn't
hurt cne bit. Yes, magic!. t
s
by waif? Your druggist sells a
tiny Ixillie of Free-zone for a few cents,
sufficient to rid your feel of every
ImmI ii-rn, soft corn, or corn between
tho toes, and calluses, without soic
ne:L or irritation. Free zone the
much talked of ether discovery of u
Cincinnati genius. Adv.
M
T
LEASED WIRE.
Xew York Central .". 72 vs
Northern Pacific 87
Reading S7,
Rubber SSg
Republican Steel 89,
Studebaker 38
Steel 110
Steel, preferred 110
St. Paul 42
Southern Pacific 85
Sinclair 28
Texas Oil 151
Union Pacific 123 &
United States Marine 42
Westinghouse 42
BOSTON
Adventure
Allouez
Alaska
American Zinc
Arizona Commercial ...
Butte Superior
C & A
C & H
C Range
Chino
Chile
E Butte
1
49
l'i
17
15
25
70
440
47'i
16s
9
74
42
30
7'i
SO
54
32
1U
2V
62 "
13
8
42
51
194
71
Granby
Grand Canadian
Goldfield
Hancock
Indiana
Inspiration
Kennecott
Keweenaw .
!-ake
i La Salle
Mohawk
i N liutte
Nip"
Old Dominion
Osceola
' Pond Creek
'Quincy
I Ray Consolidated
1 Shattuck
23vi
17
4
2'i
50
82
10
l'i
onauiniii
Superior Boston . .
St. Marys
Utah Copper
Utch Consolidated
Winona
CURBS
Arkansas and Arizona..
Austin
Arizona Silver King
Butte 4: Yondon
Calumet & Jerome
Cornelia
Consolidated Arizona ..
Coi.Fclidatcd Copper . . .
Curtiss
Denn
26
1
16
2
C
34
21
' Dundee
j Enma
Federal Oil
'Gadsden
Greei Monster .
i Grand Island . . .
j Globe Dominion
Hull
Howe Sound . . .
Heela
! Jerome Verde . .
13
39
4
v,
33 "
! Jerome Victor . .
J Maema Copper .
I Magma Chief . . .
! Okmulgee
i ruts-Jerome
6-
52
50
4
205
95
3
40
1
80
10
Pcrphvry
Ray Hercules
Tom Reed
luolemne
United Eastern
Verde Extension . .
Verde "'imhination
Wolverine Arizona
White tsps
West End
Wright Martin ....
OATMAN
By Collins & Bretherton
Argo 6
Adams 2
Arizona Rex
Ariz-Tom
Gold Ore
Boundary Cone
Gold Road Bon
Gold Reed
Gold Cliff
Lucky P.oy
25
5
22 25
y
2 3
5
15
2 3
3 4 I
16
2.09 2.I2!
3.50 362
2
25
2.75 3.00
.62 X9
.26 .28
.87 1.00
.04
.52 .5o
.62 .09
.08 .11
.25
.(' .12
.::s .42
.23 .30
1.75 . 2.011
.62 .73
.05 .10
.43
.10
.50 .70 !
1.00 1.12 1
.131
Telluride
Tom Reed
United Eastern
United Northern
United Western
Red Lion
Other Curbs
Gadsden
Green Monster
Hutte London
Dundee
Venture Hill
Pitts Jerome
Jerome Verde
Ark-Arizona
Jerome Portland
Inspiration-Needles
Hull Copper
Magma Chief
Wolverine-Arizona
Verde Combination
Miami Consolidated
Nacozari Consolidated . . .
Verde Apex
Porphyry
Calumet &. Jerome
Feather River
Women Sufferers May
Need Swamp-Root
Thousands upon thousands of wom
en have kidney and bladder trouble
and never suspect it.
Women's complaints often prove to
be nothing else but kidney trouble, or
the result of kidney or bladder disease.
If He kidneys are not in a healthy
coiiil it ion. they may cause the other
organs to become diseased.
I'., in in (hi. Inn k lieMihu lie. loss of
- w
ambition, nervousness, are otleli times
symptoms of kidney trouble.
Hunt delay starting treatment. Dr.
Kilmer's Swamp-Root, a physician's
prescript ion. obtained at any drug
Mure, may be just the remedy needed
to overcome Mich conditions.
tirt a medium or large, size buttle
immediately from any drug store.
I low ever, if you whdi first to test
'his ei eiit iH'epai at inn send tell cents
to Dr. Kilmer v Co., Biiighauiton. N.
Y. fura liiinple bottle Win 11 writing
im; sure and mention The Bisbco Daily
Kcvicw. Adv. 723
Baseball Scores
"national league
REOS BEAT DODGERS
CINCINNATI, May 13. Grimes was
so wild in the first two innings that
Cincinnati secured seven runs on two
hits, a double by ISlaekburne and a
triple by S. Magee.
Brooklyn 110 noi 0205 15 2
Cincinnati .320 000 OOx 7 . 7 0
Grimes, Marquard, Cheney and
Krucger; Touey, Bressler, Eller and
Wingo, Allen.
TIE GAME CALLED
ST. LOUIS, Mo., May 13. An inter
mittent rain throughout today's game
between Philadelphia and St. Louis
caused a halt at the end of the tenth
inning with the score tied. It was a
pitchers' duel between Oeschger and
May, the former allowing but two hits.
These came in the first inning, one
of which, a home run by Cruise with
two men on, gave the locals their
runs.
R II E
Philadelphia ... 200 001 000 03 4 0
St. Louis 300 000 000 03 2 3
(Ten innings, called end tenth, wet
grounds).
Oeschger and Burns; May and Syn-
der.
CUBS WIN AGAIN
CHICAGO, 111., May 13. Chicago
batted Boston's pitchers freely. Mer-
kle and Kilduff led the attack for the
locals, the former having a perfect
batting average. He drove in three
runs, while Kilduff. with his four hits
drove in five of the local runs.
R II E
Boston 020 000 000 2 6 2
Chicago 021 020 32x 10 15 0
Nehf, Canavan and Wilson; Tyler
and Killil'er.
AMERICAN LEAGUE
A'S DEFEAT CHAMPS
PHILADELPHIA, May 13. Chicago
Knocked Myers out of the box in the
first inning but Adams and Geary, re
cruit pitchers, held the world's cham
pions safe thereafter and the Athletics
batter Danforth for a victory.
Walker's hitting featured. He drove
a home run into the bleachers in the
first inning and .hit safely his other
three times up. Adams held Chicago
hitless until J. Collins drove a home
run into the bleachers in the sixth,
scoring a runner ahead of Jiiiu.
Eddie Collins returned to the game
and walked the first three times up.
R H E
Chicago 200 002 0004 8 3
Philadelphia 101 210 ldx 6 10 1
Danforth, Benz and Sctialk; Myers.
Adams. Geary and McAvoy.
RED SOX COP
BOSTON. May 13. St. Louis used
seventeen men but Boston won. In
the first inning Boston made three
runs off Sothoron when Shean,
Strunk, Whitcmjan, Mt.Innis and
Thomas hit safely in succession. The
visitors used four other pitchers,
whose work was better than Sotho
ron's. Scott's playing was sensational.
R H E
St. Louis 000 120 1025 10 3
Loston ....300 220 OOx 7 14 1
NEW YORK, May 13. A two-base
pinch hit by Caldwell enabled New
Vork to defeat Detroit. With New
York a run behind and the bases full
in the sixth, Caldwell's double drove
in the winning runs. A double error
by Pipp in the first enabled the Tigers
to score their two runs.
R II E
Detroit 200 000 0002 7 2
New York ... O'tO 0u3 OOx 3 8 2
Hrickson and Yelle; Russell, Mo-
gridge and Hannah.
WESTERN LEAGUE.
It H K
Wiihita 000 056 0:'. 14 10- 3
Joplin 400 000 100 5 7 3
Hovllk and Yarj'an; Uoehler. Hub
ble and Collins.
II H E
Omaha 000 H'O 10x 2 9 2
Des Moines 000 000 00O 0 5 3
Kopp und Pratt; Delburn and Bretu.
11 H E
Sioux City 000 loo oiy2 5 1
St. Joseph 310 000 02x 7 0
Fletcher and Lych; Curtis and
Bacliant.
U 11 E
..211 00" lo:t S 13 8
010 O'lO 000 1 7 1
Tcpeka . ...
Hutchinson
AMERICAN ASSN.
At Indianapolis. 2; Toledo, 1.
At Minneapolis. 1; Milwaukee, C.
At St. Paul. 10; Kansas City. 7.
SUNDAY GAMES
American League
At Cleveland, 0; Chiia-o, 1. (Five
innings, rain.)
Southern Association
At New Orleans, 2; Chattanooga, 5.
At Chattanooga. 4; Atlanta, 1.
At Mobile. 5; Nashville, 1.
At New Orleans, 11; Little Rock,
42.
j American Association
' At Minneapolis. '.; .Milwaukee, S (10
innings. )
j At St. Paul. 1; Kansas City. 2.
I
I Western League
! At llin:ili:i 7: Iks Miiines. 2
At Hutchinson. 1 ; Topekii. !t.
At Joplin. 1 : Wichita, o.
At SI. Joseph. 4; i-.i,.ii ( id . ii.
Coast League
At San Fraiieisco, 1; Sail like. !
1-5. j
At I (is .Vligili . Ii ii, Verimti. I - I. I
At Sacramento. 4; Oakland, ,V (Ten
innings.)
SOLDEERS TO STAGE
HELD DAY PROGRAM
FOR DISTRICT FANS
A baseball carnival and field day,
the proceeds of which will go towaTd
the purchase of baseball uniforms,
hats and other supplies for Company
L, Thlrty-nrtli infantry, stationed at
Low ell. is the sports program for next
Sunday afternoon at Uie Warren park.
Two baseball games, a concert by the
Calumet & Arizona band, and an ex
hibition field day in which members
of Company L will participate, are on
the bill. The sorts program will be
gin soon after the noon hour and
continue throughout the afternoon.
Arrangements for the field day
events and for the entire sports pro
gram were completed at a meeting
last night of the Warren district base
ball league, officers of Company L.
and others interested in the carnival.
The C. & A. band also was present
and offered to donate its services for
the occasion. It was agreed that the
entire proceeds of the day will go to
the benefit fund of the soldiers, and
that it may be expended by the sol
diers for the completing of their ath
letic outfits.
The first ginae of the day will be
played between the Copper Queen and
the Calumet & Arizona teams. This
w ill be, followed immediately by a
field day exhibition in which the sol
diers will participate. After the field
day sports are completed the Junc
tion Iriggs nine will clash with a nine
picked from the Company L personnel.
Bomb throwing, wall scaling an'd
similar events of the soldier's every
day life, of which the civilian knows
little but would know more, are in
cluded in the events which will be
staged by the boys in khaki. The
fuil program, including races and
other sports cards, will be issued at
a later date.
COPPER QUEEN TEAM
BEATS J-B NINE, 9-5
Backed up by almost perfect sup
port, Campbell. Copper Queen pitcher,
held the Junction Brigus safe in Sun
day's baseball battle and defeate 1
them 9 to 5 in an interesting game.
Kason. for the losers, a!f.o pitched nice
tall but numerous errors in ilie
pinches and a couple of ' misjudged
fly balls permitted the Queen players
to score irore lur.n enough runs to
ice the contest.
Campbell had g..od .stun" and while
let showing as good control as he
v.ii! when he gets going regular, his
v. ork was ital class throughout. Sev
eral .'tat plays featured the contest,
on ; running catch by liijohn. left
fielder for the Junctions, and another a
fast ilcuble play by, the Queen, Carnes
to Krigbaum to'. Whaling.
Whaling Goes Good
Boh Whaling operated at first for
the Queen and looked natural at that
position, handling eleven chances
faultlessly. The Queen infield showed
real class in Sunday's game and
Hesse, w ho is considerable first bast
nien. is developing into a clever fly
"naser. He covers a lot of ground,
lu-s good han-is a.;d a great thriwiiij;
i.rm whii-; his Mt ing and position at
tie p'.ute -n above reproach.
Juunny Ite-ke' at .-.'ort fi- t lie J-B
club ji - ' ." J :i!."-e ;-:.ime wlir - i1
grmot taught like a big leaguer. T'.iere
was considerable class to the catch
in: department of both clubs villi
Le bra licit working for the Queen.
j he Queon scored in the first fram.'
a-i! i'.'.e Ju'u-'ions evcr.ei matter ii
ti second, "i '-e winners tallied three
ii 'irr in tiie fourth with two dow n, cut
sl oudl not hue had a Jen. The Junc
tions had taken the lead in the pre
vious frame but lost it through mis
plays. In the filth the Queen added
two more, making the count 6 to 2.
The Junctions scored three in the
'i;h and all but tied the score, but
the Queen ch'ised ovtr two runs in
their half and another in t:ie seventh,
holding the J-it club runk-ss the rest
kf the game.
Lebrandt Batting Star
Birkel was the only J-B piayor to
hit safely twite while Deke Lebrandt
with a triple and two singles and
Hesse with three hits starred. Carnes
slammed out a Ihree-lly clout and stole
two bases. Campbell hit two doubles
besides turning in a nicely pitched
game whiie Wulgamol and Eason also
hit lor two bases.
Local fans are certainly fortunate
to witness sucn good inipiring as th
indicator work has been of big league
caliber. Brashear and Tor.nesou aie
both experienced men ami are heif.Liw
to make the games faster. Sundaj'-sj
contest was played iu less than tw
hinirs and the umpires hail the players
M'stllng in and off the Held and ready
to take their place at bat without
delay.
As soon as the Junctions and C. &
A. secure players they arc alter and
the Queen sign another pitcher, the
plajing should show marked improve
ment .
Sunday's score It 11 E
Junctions 5 7 0
Copper Queen Si 13 1
Eason and Wolgainot; Campbell and
Lebrandt.
JOE JACKSON LEAVES
SOX; IS SHIPBUILDER
(l:v licvirw I.iaw.1 Wire)
I'l 1 1 !,. 1 ikl.A I'l 1 1 A. May II. .!;'
.J.ic!. .on. st;ir t'l't licidcr n t!ie Chic.iKJ
American !eam:e Imm-IihII club, nnti
heil .,.n.i: cr Knulaiiil timi.ht tiiat he
ii.'il :ici i pled position u illi lii" J l.i r
i.. n ;iml llulliiisxMiiili shipbuilding
i iiii ain ;ii ilii'iimloii, Del., a smIim
diary nl the I 'el hlelniii Slei i curl;'.:
aiiun. und tl.a: lie i 1 1 i I ikii pla
tile While Sn n:i ;noie this season.
Jacksi n reeelith id i m il wold that
lir Ii id In i n 1 . il in i l;is 1 . h In
itial! board at (riecin (lie. S. C, his
home low;i. lie as nolUicd on Sa'-
urday to appear before the nearest
draft board lor examination, the no
tice stating that he probably would
be called between May 25 nud June 1
Jackson said tonight that he would
start work at the shipbuilding plant
,oinc rrow.' but d-clined to state wheth
er he would seek exemption oil the
ground that he is employed in a war
industry. He played his last game
with Chicago here on Saturday.
JUNCTION BRIGGS TO
PLAY C.&A. OUTFIT
Hasty Bidwell, crack C. & A. pitch
er, who held the hard-hitting Copper
(Jueent team to four hits recently, will
pitch for Manager George Meat-hem'.
club tomorrow afternoon at Warren
Park when it battles the Junction
Briggg nine, piloted by Cal Earthuian,
in a game called at 5:30 o'clock.
Bidwell turned in the best game
that has been pitched here this sea
son and not only did he have blinding
speed and sharp breaking curves, but
his control in the pinches was ex
cellent. Also Bidwell and Catcher
Meachem did some nice work in forc
ing the batters to hit what tiiey did
not like.
Manager Earthman of the Junctions
may spring a surprise pitcher on the
C. & A. as he has signed two young
twirlers and is working them both out
in the hopes that one or both will
show him enough to warrant his work
ing them in tomorrow's contest.
The two teams will probably take
the field with practically the same
lineups in the other positions as they
used in their last games.
BENNY LEONARD WILL
BOX THREE IN NIGHT
(llv Review I.eawd Wire)
OAKLAND. Calif.. May 13. Benny
Ltonard, lightweight boxing champion
of the world, and athletic instructor at
Camp I'pton. N, Y., will spar six min
utes tomorrow night at the Municinal
Auditorium on the program arranged
lcr the benefit of the war camp com
munity service and defender's club.
Leonard will take on in turn for two
n.inute rounds Jimmy Ford. Jne l.e
pold and .loanny Arrousez. light
veiAts well known localy.
Willie Ritchie, former lightweight
champion, wss forced to cancel his en
gagement to appear tomorrow night
eec "e of a sprained wrist. Ritchie
is athletic instructor at Camp Lewh
Wash. '
GENERAL MAURICE
OUT OF ARMY FOR
STATEMENTS MADE
(By Review Leased Wire)
LONDON. Mav 13. The army coun
cil, having considered the explanations
tendered by General Fredk. B. Mau
rice, has decided that he shall be
placed forthwith upon retired pay. The
r etirement of General Maurice was
made known tonight by a statement
from the war office. It reads as fol
lows: j
"The army council, having consid-:
ered the explanations tendered by Ma- j
Jor General Maurice of a breach of
regulations committed by him in writ- j
ing and causing to be published a let
ter which appeared in the press on
the seventh instant, have decided that
he be placed forthwith on retired
pay."
Legal Notices.
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR
U. S.LAND OFFICE. AT PHOENIX.
AK1ZONA, APRIL 13. 1918.
Not'ce is hereby given that Albert
Gas Fired Water
For Attaching
to Your
Range Boiler
rfit
Bisbee
B. Oldham, of Bisbee, Arizona, who on Cor. No. 2, the S. W. Cor., thenc N.
April 9, 1915, made Homestead Entry 11 02' E. 600 feet to Cor. No. 3, th
No. 027120, for SEV4, Sec. 13. ENE4. N W Cor. ttaeuce S. 77 67' E. 1496
XE4SE?4, Section 24. Township 22-S, fet to Cor. No. 4. the N. E. Cor.
Range 25-E, G & S R B & Meridian, thence S. 11 02' W. 600 feet to Cor.
has filed notice of intention to make No. 1, the place of the beginning, eoa
tire., year proof, to establish claim taining a net area of 11.479 acre ei
to the land above described, before pressly excluding area is conflict wita
Jarei D. Taylor, U. S. Commissioner. Survey No. 315S. Rolla lode of 7.511
at Bisbee, Arizona, on the 22nd day of atres. and with Survey No. 3374, Rock
Mav 1918 lanJ lode ' 1-l'i acre."
" Claimant names as witnesses: Wil- BISBEE "Beginning at Cor. No. 1.
Ham H. Witherell. Andrew M. Maxam. S- Cr V.whenc p-
Henry Ash, James E. Kenney, all
Bisbee, Arizona.
JOHNL.IRVIN,
Register.
First publication April 20. 1918;last
publication May 22, 1918.
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT
IN THE COUNTY OF
COCHISE,
STATE OF ARIZONA.
In the Matter of the Estate and
Guardianship of ANNA AND ROY
NORTON. Minors.
On reading and filing the petition of
Mrs. W. R York, nee Busienbark, the
guardian of the persons and estates of
Anna and Roy Morton, Minors, pray
ing for an order of sale of certain real
estate belonging to said wards for the
purposes therein et forth;
IT IS HEREBY ORDERED. That
the nezt of kin of the said wards and
all persons interested in the said es
tate, appear before this Court on Sat
urday, the 15th aly of June, 1918. at
10:00 o'clock A. M.. at the Court Room
of this Court, at the City of Tomb
stone, in the said County of Cochise,
then and there to show cause why an
order should not be granted for the
sale of ruth estate.
AND THIS IS TO FURTHER OR
DER, That a copy of this oriter be pub
lished at least three (3) successive
weeks before the said day of hearing
in the Fisbee Daily Review, a news-
paper printed and published in said
County of Cochise.
Dated May 4. 1!US. i
ALFRED C. LOCKWOOD,
Judge of the Superior Court.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of The Interior
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Arizona,
April 27. 202.:.
NOTICE is herebv given that
Charles A. Martin, of Hereford, Ari
zona, who, on June 5. 1915. made
Homestead Entry. No. 027365. for Lots
3 and 4. E' SWJi. Section 31. Town
ship 23-S, Range 22-E. G & S R B &
Meridian, has filed notice of intention
to make Three Year Proof, to estab-
lish claim to the land above described.
before Jared D. Taylor, U. S. Cini-
missioner. at Fisbee. Arizona, on tne
4th day of June. 1918.
Claimant names as witnesses: Jo -
seph Hammer. Frederick J. Murrell.
Jacob C. Baker, George J. McCabe,
all of Hereford, Arizona.
JOHN L. IRVIN.
Register.
First publication 5-4.
Last publication. 6-4.
NOTICE OF THE APPLICATION OF
THE BISBEE-WARREN COPPER
COMPANY FOR A UNITED STATES
PATENT
Mineral Survey No. 3389.
U. S. Land Office, Phoenix, Ariz,;
March 4. 1918.
I 'of ice is hereby given that the Bisbee-Warren
Copper Company, a cor-i
p.'iation organized and existing under j
the laws of the State of Arizona, with
its principal office at the city of Bis-
bee. bv its oresident and secretary.
thereunto duly authorized by resolu-
tion of its board of directors, has made
anDlication for patent for the following
named lode mining claims, situated in
the Warren Mining District of Cochise
County, State of Arizona, approximate
ly in Section 13, Tow nship 23 S, Range
21 E, (unapproved) and Section 18.
TownsMp 23 S, Range 25 E, described
as follows:
WARREN "Baginning at Cor. No.
1. the S. E. Cor, whence the W. hi
Cot. of Sec. IS. T 23 S, R 25 E . G. &
S. R. B. & M, brs. S. 72 42' E. 2425.1
ft, thence N. 77 57 W. 1496.0 feet to
Provides abundant supply of
hot water at reasonable cost.
Call at our store and ask for
demonstration, or make re
quest for representative to call
upon you.
Improvement Co.
ui ooc. is, i. n a., k. 2a u. a.
R Ii. ft M. brs. S. 64 20' E. 943.4 ft,
thence N. 77 67' W. 1498 feet to Cor.
No 2, the S. W. Cor., thence N. 11
rt to
Cor. No. 4. the N. E. Cor, thence S. 11
02' W. 600 feet to Cor. No. 1. the
place of the beginning, containing a
net area of 20.630 acres.
ItED ROCK "Beginning at Cor. No.
1 the a E. Cor, thence N. 79 63' W.
1460.90 feet to Cor. No. 2, the S. W.
Cor, thence N. W 32' W. 406.70 feet
to Cor. No. 3. the N. W. Cor, thence S.
".7' 67' E. 1496.70 feet to Cor. No. 4.
the N. E. Cor, thence S. 24 32' E.
345.30 feet to Cor. No. 1. the place of
the beginning, a net area of 7.604
scies. expressly excluding area In con
flict with Surrey No. 3137 Jack Pot
No. 3.
CARBONATE "Beginning at Cor.
No. 1, the N. E. Cor, whence the W hi
Cor. of Sec. 18. T. 23 S, R. 25 E, G. A
S R. B. ft M. bra. S. 59 54 E. 717.3
feet, thence S. 2- 24' W. 14S5.50 feet
to Cor. No. 2. the S. E. Cor, thence N.
77 57' W. 532.30 feet to Cor. No. 3.
the S. W. Cor, thence N. 0 52' E. 600
feet to Cor. No. 4, thence S. 73 09 E.
27 30 feet to Cor. No. 6. thence N. 13
47 E. 597.80 feet to Cor. No. 6, thence
N. 73' 09' W. 40 feet to Cor. No. 7.
thence N. 24 32' W. 345.30 feet to
Cor. No. 8. the N. W. Cor, thence S.
77 57' E. 600 feet to Cor. No. 1. the
place of the beginning, net area of
9.691 acres, expressly excluding area
n conflict with bulphide lode of thia
jsutvey of 1 532 acres and with Surrey
1 2390 Nancy Hank lode of 6.744
i acres.
SULPHIDE Beginning at Cor. No.
1. the S. E. Cor, whence the W. hi
Cor. of Sec. 18. T. 23 S, R. 25 E, G. &
S R B. & M. brs. N. 87 04 W. 694.7
feet, thence N. 34 32' W. 1463.50 feet
tc Cor. No. 2, the S. W. Cor., thence N.
2 24' E. 300 feet to Cor. No. 3. thence
N 11 02' E. 300 feet to Cor. No. 4.
the N. W. Cor, thence S. 77 57' E.
597 feet to Cor. No. 5. thence S. 86 34'
E 83S feet to Cor. No. 6. the N. E.
Cor. thence S. 2 24 W. 559 90 feet
to Cor. No. 1. the place of the begin
ning, containing a net area of 18.45S
lacies.
COPPER WEDGE Beginn.ng at
Cor No. 1. whence the W. 4 Cor. of
sec. IS. T. 23. S.. R. 25 E, G. & S. R. B.
& M, brs. N. 81" 55' W. 157.9 feet.
1 thence S. 66' 17' W. 882.30 feet to
j Coi No. 2. the S. W. Cor, thei.ee N.
2 24' E. 484.30 feet to Cor. No. 3, the
N W. Cor, thence N. 84 46' E.
1210.80 feet to Cor. No. 4. the N. E.
! Cor., thence S. 2' 24' W. to Cor. No. 5,
j the S. E. Cor, thence M. 83 55 W.
437.70 feet to Cor. No. 1. the place of
the beginning, containing a net area of
i 4.694 acres, expressly excluding area
in conflict with Sulphide lode, this sur
vey of 3 257 acres."
The location notices of these claims
are recorded in the County Recorder's
office, Cochise County as follows:
. Warren Book 53, Page 423.
Bisbee Book 53, Page 426.
Red Rock Book 53, Page 425.
Sulphide Book 53. Page 425.
Copper Wedge Book 53. Page 42L
Carbonate Book 53. Page 422.
The names of the adjoining claims
are: North Survey, No. 2413 Mayflow-
j er. Golden Gate. Juniper and Wedge
I lodes. East Surrey No. 2425. Delta
lode. South Survey No. 3390. Golcon-
da. Sunshine and Nancy Hanks lodes.
Survey No. 3137. Jack Pot No. 1, and
Jack Pot No. 3 lodes. Surrey No. 3153.
Roila lode. Surrey No. 3374. Rockland
loae. West. Surrey No. 3374, Rock
land lode, Anna lode unsurreyed.
owned by R. A. Bretherton and C. M.
HenkeL
J. L. IRVIN. Register.
First Publication March 8. 1918.
'Last Publication May 17. 191S.
Heater
ill
"An
$ i i j-L.
AT SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY MORNING, MAY 14, 1918.
TrilTrtllft fI 111 1 1 r"1 1 1 ' Hons, and each will carry added value
BrlllllJV US II FUMV $15,000. t!ie Maryland Jockey cluh
iLUiunoruin nur
STYLE SUBMARINES
(Bv Review Leased Yvlrel v
WASHINGTON, May 13. Realizing
that America and tlie ai'ies have
gained mastery over the prebent type
cf submarine, Germany now Is said
to be planning a new series of hie U
.rgaob.... VcETAOIX NT NT MTU
There are four moneys to the race.
the second horse getting $25000. the
third $l.r00 and the fourth $1000. Willi
wo sections there would be eight di-
isions of the spoils. Figuring on
i twenty starters the race would be
; worth $35,000 jand each winner's
! share would be $12,500.
CREEL IS CRITICISED
iRv Review LenseJ Wire)
WASHINGTON', .May 13. Repre-
boat cruisers with which Rhe hopes to scntative Gillette of Mass., acting re-
again assume the aivam.ge in her un- puhiica.i leader directed liv attention
restricted underwater warfare. An- of the house today to a published ne-
nouncement of the new German count of r. speech delivered in New
scheme is made by Georges Ijevguss. York last r.ight by George C'rei-I, chair-
the French minister of marine, in an man of tlw com:iI:tc on puHie in'or-
interview received here today in an mation. cuo'ing Mr. Creel as saying
official dispaU h from France. No de- ;n reply t;, a quest ion from h-. am'.i-
tails regarding the new I'-boats were ence as to whether all mf'-ilers of
fiven.by M. Leygues but from iufor- congress have loyal hearts." I do not
mation "from other sources it appears slumming, so I will not explore
that the cruiser submarines will be jnIO tn-, jiParts of congress."
nOV VETEItAXS OF FIFST V. S. CLASH WITH EXEMY IX FHAXCE- KETUItX;
voir' tufvri: sei.uxu iaheiity noxur,: "ameiuca will -wis." say they
heavily armed and armored and will i
be designed especially to meet the
miace of the torpedo boat destroyers
whicjh have proved so effective in
hunting down the smaller submarines!
now in operation.
"What do you thin:; of a I'tthlta of
ficial who woi.-id make a statement cf
that kind?" asked Mr. Gillette, addres
sing Democratic Leader Kitchen.
"I would rather see it verified by
Will Clean Up Sea accept it as the truth," Mr. Kitchen
M. Leygues oeclared that the allies ,ied. ..l ut if Mr Cre , nlnie ,,u.h a
are read yto meet Germany s new ef-, B,atemnt he is not worthv of lfce re
forts an dthat they will not rest on .he , . m(.myr nf thi. hn,, nr
any patriotic citizen of the United
States. '
"fine results obtained" in the past.
til we have cleaned up the sea as
as one cleans up a trench.
Just Jiow effective has been the
war against the U-boats is shown by
figures on destruction of allied ship
ping given to the naval committee of
the French chamber of deputies Sat
urday by Minister Leygues. They re
veal that sinkings of merchantmen
have fallen off to the point where new
RAILROAD TO PAY BILLS
fWv Review leased Wlre
OMAHA, Neb., May 13. Federal
Judges Sanborn and Lewis, in special
session here today ordered Receiver
Baldwin of the Denver and Rio
Grande railroad, to sell $1.!00,000 se-
oonstruction exceeds the destruction : curities held by that road, take $600,-
even now before American yards are ; 000 cash in its banks and $1,500,000 re
in full swing. j ceived from the government as pay-
The monthlv average of destructions , ment on the first three months ol
r fr V vJv;' f tj,il ?yr: V
RETHERTON
We Specialize In
JEROME
AND
OATMAN
STOCKS
Jack B!dg., Main Street
Phone 26 Box 1129
Fifty young veterans of General Pershing's army who have returned to the I nitcd States to sell Liberty bonus.
Ri-ht from the front line t.enches, with the mud of Flr.nders, Kcardy and Lorraino still on their equipment, fifty American war heroes have
come home to 11 the United State what our army is doirs on the oth,r mJc and wh:t we must do to back that army, they are lu0- thu we-,k
ing Liberty bonds. "America will win," is the message they have brought home.
Richard Glaze, Oph. D.N.D.
Pract'ce Limited to Eye and Nerve
Disorders.
Phone 1S6. Office and residence
first house west of Masonic Temple,
Main Street, Bisbee, Arizona.
Glasses fitted by the latest method.
27! ALLIED FLIERS
! ing,
this year, as given by M. Leygues Is
315,000 compared with more than
500.000 tons monthly in 1917. In April
of last year, ft.e first month of Ger
many's unrestricted submarine war
fare, the tonnage sunk was 871.000. In
April of this year it had dwindled to
aobut 2G8.000 tons.
Desthov Many St:bs
On the other hand the d rst ruction j tf!n' the bills were not paid.
of submarines is exeeeamg meir con
struction by the enemy and the margin
is expected to increase as pdditional
American destroyers which now are
being turned out rapidly t?ke their
place operating in the war zone.
The total of allied shipping de
stroyed in the first four months of
191S was placed by Minister Leygues
at 1,262,345 tons and even if the sub
marines are able to maintain" this rate.
government operation of the proper
ty tend pay $3,600,000 worth of out
standing indebtedness including over
due Interest. A development of the
hearing was that a large block of
bonds of the Denver and Rio Grande
were last heard from In Germany. At
torneys for the receiver told the court
they feared disintegration o fthe sys-
DRAFT BILL SIGNED
CRr 'Review leased TV! re
WASHINGTON. May 13. The hill
changing the hassi of draft quotas
from state population to the number
of men in class one was signed late
today by Vice President Marshal and
Snesker Clark and sent to President
Wilson for hiR approval. Thsl meas
ure had been before congress for sev
DOWNED
APRIL
Austria, to the VoRskhe Zeitunj'
of Berlin. The resolution urges a i
closer military ami economic union i
and the establishment in Austria ofj
German state institutions and co.istl-j
tutional law. ,
(Continued from rage One)
than once had participated in the
fighting against German troops in the (
Ukraine.
AMERICAN DECORATED
WITH THE AMERICAN .ARMY IN
fRy Review Leased Wire)
FRANCE, May 13 Major Ralph
Royce of Hancock. Mich.. First Lieu
tenant Herbert Garside of New York,
and Lieutenant Paul Meyers of Mil
waukee, Wis., were decorated wifh
The Austro-Hung'.rian foreign min
ister. Itaron Uurian, has gone to Ger- j
man great headquarters in connect! n I
with ,-;egotiat:oi'4 wMch will de-i'le I
ih-; fntii'o relations o' 0 ?rnany and
. :itiia If . : r-ry. A m !'. and cm-1
'.i ins 1'nkr. is contempid v 1 i't i-'i
tli" r.ir"oine if uncertali
TO RAISE FREIGHT,
PASSENGER RATES
WILL TRY BIP.KNER
(Kv Rvliw I easeil Wlre
SANTA FE, N. M., . May 13. Fol
j lc i:ig three hours of argument. Jud'-ie
' -"Dim D. Neblctt. in the federal court
: here today sustained three counts ot
the demurrer tiled in behal fof form -r
Major John F. F'.irkner of Lincoln.
Nebr., and ordered that the defendant
ro to trial early tomorrow morning
on the fourth count, which ctrirees
that he made false statements tending
JOHN G. WILSON
Contractor
and Builder
ESTIMATES FURNISHED ON
ALL CLASSES OF BUILINGS
SEE ME LAST Phone Green 782
'M t
(Bv Review T,eae-rt Wlrel
WASHINGTON, May 13. Estimates
made today by railroad administration : to interfere -sv:th the operations pud
officials indicate that an increase of success of the military and naval
BISBEE TRANSFER.
STORAGE & COAL CO.
Warehouse & Office Opposite Depot
PHONES 640 and 50.
roVtirn! do prevailing i-t .utr;.. j at teast 2." per cent In freight and pas-
I senger rates will be necessary this
1 forces of the United States.
LYNCHERS ON TRIAL
PLAN BEER RATION
the first american army aviator to ac-.
which officials doubt, the year's total
would be something like 3.700.000 tons mnntha It .., hff ,,. ,n1n complish a reconnaissance flight over
itoH o mnun r r.f ' " t" - v - ! V.rt ITnnc T lAiifnnmt r.-ciMo
the war cross "by a French general to-j r, ot eleven men charged with mur-
day.
year to meet the higher cost of fuel,
wages, equipment and other operat-
EDWARDSV1LLE. 111.. May 13. Ing expenses, onw set at between $600.-
Tv entv-five talesmen weer examined 000.000 anci J750.000.000 more than last : that t,:U cU' nia' be Put on a "beer
this afternoon at the opening of the: 1 ration is contained in notices posted
iV' r-''vi' t.r.iso'' T''rei
NEW YORK. May 13. Intimation
year.
or less than the estimat
tonnage which the shipping board be-1
lieves America will produce during the
year . I
Adding to American production the
output in Great Pritain, France and
Japan, the allies would gain for the
year something like 2.W0.000 tons, not
counting the 1.000,000 or more tons or
as scon as sjened by the president as
,imff rnrwiv nt..fl h n fiuccessfully completing an infan
basis.
der in connection with the lynching! Recommendation that rates
Vaior Rcvce who is a craduate of f Robert Paul Prr'Per at Collingsville. raised by approximately this percent- ments say
vx-r! i!!,1 April 5. Three were tentatively ac- ag9 has been made to Director Gen- rUiros a 3(
Vest Point, was decorated for being '. t . ., .. . , ,.,, v qj(, t, 1 ,,in
CeieU Oy lim bLctLC clIIU lllC UVl ril .Tr .u nui;u u; auimiria. i i-z la
decided on none. expected to act within the next six
The selection of a jury is not ex- weeks, and to put increases into ef
pected to be completed until tomor- feet immediately. Shippers will be
row night. permttt.rl to appeal to the Interstate
The defendants, each wearing a red Commerce Commission under the rail
white an dblue roseate in their lapels, roads' act. and final decision will be
i the enemy lines. Lieutenant Garside
I and Lieutenant Meyers were honored
try liason mission ver Apremont
I today in saloons by the Retail Liquor
be Dealers' association. The announce-:
that the governm-ent re-
0 per cent reduction in beer
He is production and that unless saloon
owners adopted drastic measures to
reduce consumption, brewers wiil b?
forced to limit their supplies. '
HENNESSY
Undertaking Parlors
PHONE 15. O K ST.
TO USE BREAD TICKETS
April 12 at an altitude of 300 meters j nnd ,okP(, fl.iendB wne wlth President Wilson. Such an in-
SCHUPP Y!iTS DONE SETTER i
I where they were undrV constant and
I heavy machine gune fire from the
fRv Review laset Wire) I ground.
CHICAGO. May 13 P.read tickets! Major Royce was especially men-
11-
chartered Japanese and Norwegian j aR a war.time . n,easure n Chicaco j ticned in the citation ofr the success
ships and requisitioned Dutch vessels. 1 bfl necessarv aro,-rdinr to senti-iful direction cf the sir s;i-adron he
PLAY RAISES S18.C00
AFTER "LOUNGE LIZARDS"
"ment among 1.000 master bakers of : commands at the front.
I this city in session here today. Harry I
!A. Wheeler, Rtate food administrator. I FINNS STILL OBDURATE-
(By 57iPwafl"w'cnsus of ! announcPd that the S0 per cent of! HELSINGFORS, May 13. The
NEW ORh May li. A "nsns " : -heat flour allowed bakers between ; Finnish flag today was raised with
male idlers was begun 1 by. he n an(J ,w viu be reduced ceremonies ever the fortrer.s
xouiy iu. a .: i , for the month of June to 70 per cent ; of Sveaborg. in JTeUinrfors harbor!
der the anti-loafing bill signed by
Governor Whitman.
"Tango and lounge lizards," pool
room loafers, tramps and other Idlers j
between the ages of 18 and 50 will
he haled to court and fined or Im-1
prisoned unless they can show that
they
tion or
going into the court house and during crease aa is proposed would be the hig- j yorXCSTCWN" O' io M iv
me sev.-rai missis. oesi in tne nistory ol American rail- F.id Schupn. star snuti-pr.-v o' the
r ways and the percrmtnge in larger than ! y?v, York Giii':-. ame hore today to
any ever sougnx oy me ra iwavs unuer j ,.r.rs!i)t e tn-.. c ;ter pbo-u h! nitrb
private mnnflpement. and would app!y ! arU v.-hk'j has kept him out if
fv,. itvi y v.'ire alike to the entire country. Roth class . t;ic Mnim t i's season extent for a
WASHINGTON, May 13. President an commodities schedules would bo j v.,, i xliiM';.-n .i:m Schuo triJl
Wil-n, members of the cabinet, dip- affected. ; h:s arn. Sr.i'il-v lin ' i it :i t
inmr.ts and other hih officials tonight Rat-3 experts cf the interstate com- ; 'orm. He wns ordered to keep away
witnessed the first performance of merce commission and railroad admin- i from a bnsetall gr.me for two weeks.
"Out There, a patriotic plav given istration are now at work at New
! by an all star cast for the benefit of schedules. Any increases to he or-
HEKE-RT GT.IE3LE PHONE 691
ARMY BALLOON SAFE
Contractor and Builder
ESTIMATES AND PLANS
FURNISHED
Wm. McDOUGALL
OPPOSITE LINCOLN- SCHOOL
PHONE GREEN 723
j for the period of the amount allowed ; where, 110 years ago. It. made
j for the same month last year. ! for the Russian banner.
t.e American Red Cross. The com- dered will be arranged in a manner to
GRID STAR WOUNDED
niv "Review Lewwrt xvire
MINNEAPOLIS. May 13. Major
are engaged in a useful occupa-;john u Haskins of this city, former ! VoTt ot m
,r intend to seek employment. ni e ity f Minnesota football and . JioT oi "rSatloM long Z
BANGTAILS TO RACE
i track star, has br?en slightly wounded
! In action in France, according to a
" " . i nijnv ri i 1 1 mgka n threo w-oeuct rnur . . .... : : l i .
ine jortress i : .), interest of he Red Cross. Re-
:was renamed "Huomcnlinna," a Fin-1 fn,,. .mVht tntnlleit itsof.n inclml- .-.i .u. .:"..:.''.
....... ' - - - . LtlllUV. Kli lllitl I I (Ml -lt IT"
l.nni naid for a souvenir pro-'einl interests will he snhiVvr tn Inn
gram autographed by President ani 8nme joeree of rate competition as
"'rs. Wilson and members of the com-;at present.
aa- Passenger fares would be raised 1
! under tiro plan suggested to about
three cents a mile, from the existing
fRv rtevlew T-ease "XI re'
BALTIMORE. Md.. May 13. The i
Harkness, w.hich will be run Wed-1
nesday at Pimlico, will be the largest
added monev race in America
7BYSZK0 WINNER
KNOXVILLE, Tenn.. May 13.
and , Wladek Zbyszko tonight threw Yus-
prcbably in any other country, provid- i s'f Hussane two out of three falls.
ed theer are twenty or more entries, j Hussane won the first in 27 minutes
Reports of the rcsumplicn of diplo
matic relations between Finland and
Russia are officially denied. It is d
e
s
j Russian warships remain in Finnish
. IX-oterc 1 1 ii Pinnich foholj anil tlietr
teiegra.a receivea nere lonigni ny mo ; booty are piv(.n rpfafw , iotrPRrad.
ii irui.i tne war uepannieiu. ; or ,f ,,,e authoritie, of Kast Karelia
continue to support enemy
BROKER MUST WORK
against Finland.
fRv Tfevlew T.eji.ei Tlre
BALTIMORE. Mav 13. James Mad
I . rr . . , 11 1.nAn.n ! rr 7 llH (fi I H I in finivht ninl
mtn and tormer stocK nroKer, ai a
heering today in the police court. W9S
general rate of less than 2 1-2 cents. ;
The proposed increases it is esti- j
mated, would yield about $noo.ooo.noo j
$200,000.- !
000 in passenger revenues. This would
leave a margin above the estimated '
iTv Tvterv T en-vf1 TVtr,
OLD POINT COMFORT. Va., May
1" An ?rmy obaervation balloon
v-Mrh Iirnke from its moorings at
Fortres s ?'onroe this morning, landed
undamaged at Craddock's Wharf nt
he head of Che-sapeake Pay. fort of-
, finals were advised tonicht by tele
phone. The bag descended when the
inflation gave out. The balloon was
no, manned.
Y. W. C A. CAFETERIA
OPEN TO THE PUBLIC
Prices Reasonable
6:50 to 8:30
Breakfast
Lunch
Dinner
.11:30 to 1:30
.5:00 to 6:30
AIRMEN EOMB OSTEND
LONDON. Mav 13 The admiralty
fined $25 and costs for having failed Increases in operating expenses event- announces tlat d'iring the period Mav
KJ2 inclusive, nir force contingents
work'r" fi-im 11'inkirk carr'ei out
km
HUN'S CEMENT UNION I to recister under the Maryland com-, ually. but sine: the new rates would
AMSTERDAM. Mav 13 Resolutions nulsorv work law: 1 not go into effect until this year is
If the score or more of thoroughbreds : with a flying mare. Zbyszko won the ; in favor of the extension of Austria" ' Mr. Thompson paid his fine and de- half over, their yield would fall sev
are entered, when the entry closes at 1 second in nine minutes with a toe alliance with Germany were adopted parted from the station, with the eral hundred million dollars short of
11 o'clock tomorrow morning The j hold and the third in three minutes, ! at a congress of Germans In tlie Aus- court's admonition that he obtain em- . meeting the anticipated deficit this
Preakness will be run in two sec-; also with a toe hold. i trian tyrol, says a dispatch from Sterz-1 ployment at once. ;year.
successful bombing operations against
the Osle'id docks and senlane ba ,
the Zeebrugse mole and lock gates
and enemy shipping in the vk-initv.
CATARRH
OF THE
BLADDER
IZ.zrA la
? 24. Hours
Each C-. j-
&! beam the (MiriYI
7 rim
n
WITH
EACH
D
AID
ADVANCE
SOBSCR PT ON
YEAR
Ihe
isbee Daily
eview
WILL GIVE
AiBSOLUTE
LY
F R
A valuable and useful Aluminum Double Boiler valued at $2.25. This applies to
new or old subscribers. You get THIS PREMIUM AND A WHOLE YEAR'S
SUBSCRIPTION for only $7.50.
Yf?
Q A W F
i
id
fa THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY MORNING, MAY 14, 1918.
SEVEN
1 f
ri
Advertisements
Advertisements
Male Helo Wanted
WANTFD Two men to work on
ranch, Miners' Meat Market. 420
WANTED Young boy. must know
how to run Ford machine. Inquire
M. Levin Tailoring Co., Lowell. .
38 !
WRITE TO "Y. M. C. A. Schools, Los j
Angeles,' about Auto, Radio, Com-! .
morclal and Engineering courses.
Train for service. 268
book-
LEARN actual auto repairing.
Vanning ahArthanil rnriin pr P"i n PPT"
Ing. Young Men's Christian Asso-
elation, Los Angeles.
Catalog free.
230 ;
female Help Wanted
Y.V.XTLD Without children, middle-
td American woman, to do house
work. One who is not afraid of j
work. Good home for the right
party Naco Grocery. t 455
WANTED A good cook. Call Mrs. H.
M. Jacobs, on Mason Hill. 395
Positions Wanted
POSITION WANTED Middle aged
man, sales experience. Address box
2306. 454
. .
EXPERIENCED NURSE wants work. I
Phone 661. 529
For Sale
FOR SALE Uncalled for sultp.
Levin Tailoring .Co., Lowell.
M.
904
RULED INDEX CARDS 5x3 inches,)
for sale, at Review Jo!j Department, j
313
FOR SALE 20 Acres for chickens ;
close to McNeal; shallow water; pay
$20.00 down and $20.00 per month.
E. P. Grindell. McNeal. at Lowell on
Saturdays. 240 i
FOR SALE Furniture ot ten rooms;
good for boarders or light house-1
keening. Close to car stop. 17 Ohara '
Ave, Higg stop.. 427 (
votj sji.v nn. a.rnnm hnn fnrn-i
ished. Bailey Hill. A good buy. C.
H. Hogan. below Copper Queen Ho-
tel. 426 j
i
Pnt fiAl V fit Tnnrinp- r- in I
good condition, $250. Inquire Rock ,
house. South Bisbee. 467 i
. i
VflR S1I.E S-room furnished house. I
Inquiia B, Review.
4G9 I;
o o . t c s ,. j
Jn Warren. Blod stop, $1000 willv0R RENT First class bedroom,!
handle it: would consider Ford car i
in good condition, address box 903 j
or phone green iiz. n
FOR SALE One 12-room apartniant
house on Opera Drive. A good buy
for an experienced party. C. H. Ho
gan, below Copper Queen Hotel. 474
FOR SALE: Well established room
ing ana boarding house; rooms all
full; furniture and business, good
cow 8T.g 36 laying bens; a money
maker; rent $25.00; will sell at a
brrgaiu; party leaving town,
to M. C. High.
Apply '
457
FOR SALE Ford roadster; run less
than five hundred iuih-s. 'nqii.tt: of
Tony Lockner, Tailor, lynvei! 4 i
FOR SALE Seven passenger Stude
bake1 iu good condition; cheap for
cash. Brook's, back of Kruger flats,
Warreu Call after 4:30. 422
FOR SALE Large 4-room house, with
large glass porch, cement walk
around house, 41 O. K. street. 424
FOR SALE 4-room, modern house in
Warren; furnished or unfurnished;
a bargain. For terms, phone green
745. 448
FOR SALE Vista street. Warren, a
modern seven room house. Lot 55
feet by 160 feet, faces on the vista;
one of the best locations in Warren;
the house is new; to appreciate lo
cation and house, you should take a
look it house; also a modern house
of four rooms on Black Knob View
street, price actual cost of improve
ments and lot, part cash, balance
on monthly payments. Phone 465 or
see Jesse Yoakum. TlK:se houses
are new and modern and very few,
if an such locations, left in War
ren. 496
FOR SALE 6-room house, furnis hed.
No. 10 Garden Hill, Lowsll. Below
ice plant. 549
PETEY DINK Yes, Petey, It's
f mmm ' "i f"' wt mm
- .. j !:
DAILY REVIEW WANT ADS
under this head at the rate of 1 cent per word each Issue, with a minimum charge of 25 cents
must reach The Review office not later than 8 p. m. for insertion in next mornings paper.
I For Sale
FOR SALE Rifle, with aiumounitlon
i inquire Mrs. E. H. Schmidt, Williams
stop, Tombstone canyon. 49j
, FOR SALE Large house in Warren;
I five rooms, bath, sleeping porch;
complete with rugs, furniture, piano,
gas stove, ice box. etc. Price, f 2600.
Address "K" Review. 531
FOR SALE FLVniture complete for
, two rooms, with privilego of renting
Cochise row two story house, phone
Sfi2 533
FOR SALE S-?eds; choice, recleaned
dwarf Milo maize, feterita and
orange cane. Call at Bisbee Mill,
back of Tombstone canyon fire
house for inspection, and prices, 'or
call blue 595. 550
FOR SALE Fcsd ; fine clear Milo'
maize und feterita chicken feed, $5 I
per hundred, delivered. Bisbee I
Mills, Tombstone canyon or call blue
595.
650
FOR SALE One 5-room house, furn
ished. Tank Hill. A good buy. C. H.
Hogan, below Copper Queen Hotel.
526
FOR SALE 12-room house. 1140000;
One block off Naco Road; level lot;
, no hill. Rent for $50.00 per month,
! i s a t n t-..
wner ieaiiig iou. tau in uu-
bacher canon.
534
FOR SALE 6-room house, lot 70x100;
I completely furnished, near Camp-
bell St , Warren, $3150.
4-Room house, sleeping porch, Karage,
furnished $2300 Warren.
5-Room bouse. Bailey Hill. $12)0; $200
down, rr.iance f-J moiiiu, a uur ccui.
WALTER O'MALLEV
Phone 862
4S4
Furnished Rooms
TrVrp T;nl.nA vl Vwnt,lniA
room3 ,vUa running water. 352
FOR RENT Two furnish rooms,
with sleeping porch, 100 High road I
12
FOR RENT Excellently furnished
room in Warren, near car line; con-
necting bath; private family. Phone
blue 810. 539 j
OR RENT For the summer, three
room,; furnished complete and bath ,
Brown s New Apartments. Back of j
K. C. Hall. ' 5Ci ,
' FOR RENT Two furnished
rooms.
120 Upper Lowell.
403 !
with bathroom, suitable for eentle-
mSin McDougall, opposite Lincoln !
j school, i-hone green 728.
468 !
rooms I
463 '
FOR RENT Three furnished
Dan Garrity, June Hill.
FOR RENT-Furnished single and1"0 RENT-Apartment in Warren;
double rooms, 86-B, Brewrey Gulch. J Three largo turnisher rmwr.i. with
bath. No children. Phone black CM
MOOSE HOTEL Furnished
$2.00 per week and up.
rrvm a
077 !
" I
FOR RENT Two furnished light
housekeeping rooms 165 Opera Drive
8SS ;
For Rent
FOR RENT Rooms; . Hotel Letson,
j Main St., under new management.
Thoroughly renovated, clear airy
rooms, running water, reasonable
rates. 423
j FOR RENT Furnished rooms for
light housekeeping; suitable for
bachelors. 56 Upper Lowell across
from lxjwell Depot.
447
FORR EN T 5-room house, with bath;
close in. Inquire Miss Riley's school
534
FOR RENT 3-room furnished .'toiii-fc.
Curve street, opposite convent. T.22
FOR RENT 3-roonis for liht house
keeping. No. 20 C'urvj street, oppo
site convent. ."22
FOR RENT 5-rooms, 83 Upper Low
ell. 470
FOR RENT 3-room furnished apart
ment, Trou House. Bakerville. Phone
57. 5u5
FOR Ri NT Furnished room; fori
batchiiig; in good condition. 59'
N:.eo I'o.l. ir.O varrts from Hisbee
ilpi.ot 4l."Ji
Easy to Advise Henrietta, but
I For Rent
'FOR RENT
j High Road.
-Furnished houra.
207
421
FOR RENT 3-room furnished house
237 : School Hill. 473
FOR RENT New 3-room house; will
be ready for occupancy May 21at.
Electric lights. Mrs. C. T. Winwood,
Winwood Addition. 4S5
7TT 7 T
t OR RENT Cabin, with screen porch.
suitable for batching.
Enquire 45
4S7
High Road.
FOR RENT Nice little store room
with two rooms in buck. Good place
for ousiness next to Brophy Garage.
4S3
FOR RENT Two story building, with
laire basement, suitable for whole
sale bouse or storage and warehouse
business. In center of Bisbee busi
ness district. Rent reasonable. Ap
ply fcisbee Daily Review. 642
FOR RENT Two light housekeeping
rooms; Alaska Rooms, next to Coun
ty Jail. 245
FOR RENT 3-room, well furnished
hmup ?fi .TnhiiRnn avenue. Johnson
j Addition. 494
jFOrt itiSN'T Furnished apartments
j tor housekeeping, 189 Tern by Ave-
1 .
ue Diock north of High Scnool.
483
FOR RENT t-roora house, partly
furnished, South Bisbee, apply Stan
ley Ruse, phone 674. 465
FOR RENT 3-furnished housekeep
ing rooms, 14 Montana St., Johnson
Addition. 534
FO RRENT Three furnished rooms
for housekeeping, 106 Mason Hill.
530
FOR RiNT Elegant suite rooms, for
two. Bath. L. A. Allen, Lockliti
Ave. 523
1 OR.hfc-.T Two room apartment ln-
quire 64 Roberts Aye.,
r.rss
FOR KEXT-Two room furnished
house, Mrs. C. T. Winwood, Win-
wood Addition.
536
FOR RENT Furnished housekeeping
rooms, 41 Johnson Add., Cement
house. 551
reVT-Two light housekeeping
FOR RENT To "h"AB
rooms, .-so. i aho visia, lenioj
"
FOR RENT 3-room house; furnished.
Apply No. 1 Bauer Hill.
fetalis ior automomie.
Inquire at 21 Tate Hill, Mrs. 1 res
ton Fletcher.
455
. FOR RKN'T S-room fmrnitihed house.
Johnston Addition. Phone green 696.
453
FOR RENT Two splendid office
rooms, corner Brewrey Gulch and
Howell Avenue, $35.00 per month.
C. H. Hogan, below Copper
Queen
Hotel.
466
FOR RENT One small room; house
98-C O. K. St. 462
FOR RENT One unfurnished. 5-room
residence on tank ttilL C. II. Hogan,
below Copper Queen Hotel. 474
FOR KENT 3-room unfurnished
I hous?, William Sliney, Locklin Ave.
j 501
I
IFOR RENT Two nice largo house
! keeping rooms, 16Vs Tate Hill, John
i sou Add. Call red 022. 503
i FOR RENT Large sheet iron ware
j house at Lowell, belonging to the
Uisbee Fuel and Feed Co. . H.
Hogan, below Copper Queen Hotel.
I 474
FOR RENT Two housekeeping rooms
49 O K. street.
749
toti f.fc.M Two good rooms; com
plete tor housekeeping, cement
house, 30 Johnson Ave., Johnson Ad
dition. 4:m
FOR RENT Housekeeping rooms;
j inocl ,:n; yellow house, back Baker-
ville Hotel. 491
-
TYPEWRITER PAPER, good bond,
paper, 8 1-2x11, at $!.' "or
sheets. Review Job Dept.
Lost
LOST Mexican boys who louirl rhino
Oil Stock near Bistwe Depot Sunday
morning, return same to Thos.
Flake, Agent. 7 Main St., Risbee, ami
receive reward. Stock is of no valiu
to you. j"2
I LOS MtCHACHOS MEX1CANOS que
encontraron acciones de la Ch.ii)
i Oil, cerca del depot, z domingo en
I la manana, devuelvan las ml3ma.s a
j Thos. Fiage agente, Main St., No. 7
i y reciban la recompensa. L?. ac-
cicnes uo son de ningua valor para
ustedos. 552
LOST Three keys; two posto.Ticc
keys and or.e office key. Finder
please leave at Review office. 521
LOST Small diamond. Phelps Dodne
store Lowell or on street. Suitable
reward. Phone 49. 520
Jhrofessional Cards
MADAME J. REA KEYS. St. Regis ho
tel. Lowell. Ariz. Phone 62. Clair
voyant and crystal reader. Dead
trance spirit medium born with a
double veil, without asking questions
gives you dates, facts and figures
auu will read jour entire life. 720
Money to Loan
$50,000 TO LOAN an Improved city
property r for building, on easy
terms of payment. T. A. Hughes,
over Bank of Bisbee. 26
SMALL quick loans on your personal
note to salaried men and women, al
so on furniture. Cox Loan Co. Room
2. Lyric Theatre building. 166
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
Legal Notices
NOTICE
OF APPLICATION
U. S. PATENT
FOR
Mineral Survey No. 3387
Serial No. 038239
United States Land Office, Phoenix,
Arizona, March 1. 1918.
Notice Is hereby given: That A. A.
Bretherton and C. M. Henkel, whose
postoffice addresses is Bisbee, Cochise
County, Arianna, have made applica
tion for patent for the following named
lode mining claim, situated in the
Warren Mining District, Cochise Couu
ty, Arizona, in Section 13, unaourcved,
T. 23-S. R. 24 E. G. & S. P. B & M,
described as follows, to-wit:
SUCCESS: Beginning at Corner
No. 1, the N. E. corner, whence tne
WVi corner of Section 18. T. 23-S. H.
25-E. G. & S. R. B. & M. bears N. 89
11' E. 2948.8 feet; thenca S 4' 34' W.
326.40 feet to coruerNo. 2; .thence N.
87 21' W. 1500 Jeet to corner No. 3;
thence N. 4" 34' E. 425.30 feet to wr
ner No. 4; thence S. 83 34' E. 1500
feet to corner No. 1, the place of be
ginning, coulaining a net area -t 7 3ol
acres, expressly excluding area in con
flict with Survey No. 3117, Bruce Lodo
of 3.802 acres, and with Survey No.
J117, Baltic Lode, of 17&3 acres.
The location notice of this claim is
recorded in the ofrice of the County
Recorder of Cochise County, Arizona,
as follows:
SUCCESS Book 40. Records
of Mines, Page 138.
The names of the adjoining claims
to this survey are: On the North Sur
vey No. 2176, Corona lode and Survey
No. 3158, Corona lode; on the East
Survey No. 3158. Rolla lode and Sur
vey No. 3117 Baltic lode; on the South
Survey No. 3117 Baltic lode and Sur
vey No. 3117 Bruce lode; on the West
Survev No. 2029 Horse Shoe lode.
J. L. IRVIN. Register.'
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR U.
S. PATENT
Mineral Survey No. 3383.
U. S. Iand Office, Phoenix, Ariz.,
March f, 1918.
NOT!CE IS HEREDY GIVEN' that
Uhe Bisbee-Warrcn Copper Company,
j a corporation organized and existing
under the laws of the state ot Arizona,
with Its principal office at the city of
Bisbee, by its president and secretary,
thr.it unto duly authorized by resolu
tion ot its Board of Directors, has
mr.de application foi a patent for the
Wildflowcr lode mining claim, situat
ed in Warren Mining District. Cochise
County, State of Arizona, in Section IS
Township 21. South. Rango 25 East.
G. S. R. B. & M.. which claim Is do
scribed as follows, to-wit:
Beginning at Cor. No. 1, the W.
Cor. of Sec. 18, T. 23 S.. R. 25 E.. G.
S. II. B. & M , '-rs. N 88 15' W. 1G51
lit thence S. 83 55' E. 443.5 feet to
Cor No. 2, tneuce N. 2" 24' E. 102.3
feel to Cor. No. 4, thence S. 73" 49' E.
1000.0 feet to Cor. No. 4, the N. E. Cor.,
thence S. 2' 24' V. G0U feet to Cor.
No. 5, the S. E. Cor., thence N. 73" 49'
. 1456.5 feet to Cor. No. 6. the K. V.
Cor., thence N. 2' 24' E. 37S.8 feet to
Cor. No. 1, the place of the beginning,
containing net area of 17.839 acres. !
The location notice of this claim is
recorded in the County Recorder's of-
I. co, Cochise CoLCly, Stat6 of Arizona, j
as follows: Book 57 Record of Mines,
at page 431. j
The names of the adjoining Claims
ar: North Uur. No. "U2t, Delta lode,
Sur. No. 2062, Golden Era, No. 1 lode.
East Sur. No. 2u62, Little Era lode.
American lode, uusurveyed, owned by
Jonn Fitzpamck. South, Anvil lode,
unsurveyed, owued uy John Fitzpat
r.ck. West, GoiconiU iode, Sur. No.
3390.
J. L. IRVIN. Register,
r'n-t Publication March1 8, 191
L.aot Puulication May 17, 1918.
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR
U. S. LAND OFFiCE AT PHOENIX,
ARIZONA, APRIL 13, 1918.
Notice is hereby given that George
L. Dunn, of Stark-, Arizona who, on
Apill 17, 1913, made Homestead En
try, No. 022187, for WNE'4. WSE
H, Sec. 35, and on February 17, 1915,
made additional Homestead Entry, No.
026765 for SEViNWU. E&SW'Vi, SW4
SWi, Section 35, Township 23 S,
Range 22-E, G & S R B & Meridian,
has filed notice of intention to make
three year Proof, to establish claim
to the land above described, before
Jared D. Taylor, U. S. Commissioner,
at Ptsbee, Arizona, on the 23rd day
ot May, 1918.
Claimant names as witnesses: Joel
H. Alien, Cornelius N. Driscoll, Charles
A. Martin, all 3 of Hereford, Arizona.
JOHN L. IRVINE.
Register.
First Publication, April 20, 1918; last
publication May 23, 1918.
NOTICE OF THE APPLICATION OF
THk BISBEE-WARREN COPPER
COMPANY FOR A UNITED STATES
Mineral Survey No. 3390
PATENT !
U. S. Land Office, Phoenix, March 4,
1918.
Notice is hereby given that the Bis-bee-Warren
Copper Company, a cor
poration organized and existing under
the laws of the State of Arizona, with
i
I
i
its principal oftice at the city ol Bis
be.. by its president and secretary,
thereunto duly authorized by resolu
tion ot its board of directors, has made
application for patent for the follow
ing named lode mining claims, bearing
copper, gold and silver, situated in the
Warren Mining District of Cochise
Couuty, State of rizona, approxi
mately in Section Is, Township 23
South, Range 25 E., and Section 13,
Township 23 South, Range 24 East
(unapproved) described as follows:
GOLCONDA " Beginning at Cor. No.
1. the N. W. Cor., whence the W. 4
Cor. of Sec. 18, T. 23 3., R. 24 E., G. &.
S. K. B. & M.. brs. N. 81" 55' W. 157.9
feet, thence S. 88 55' E. 1494.20 feet
to Cor. No. 2, the N. E. Cor, thence
S. 2 21' W. 600 feet to Cor. No. 3, the
S. E. Cor., thence N. 88" 65' W. 1494.20
feel to Cor. No. 4, the S. W. Cor.,
thtnee N. 2 24' E. 600 feet to Cor. No.
1, tne place of the beginning, contain
ing a net area of 20.576 acres."
HOLD OVER "Beginning at Cor.
No. 1, the N. W. Cor, whence the W. i
Cor. of Section 18, T. 23 S.. R. 25 E.,
G. Ac S. R. B. & M. brs. N. 11 55' W.
635.4 feet, thence S. 88" 55' E. 1494.20
reel to Cor. No. 2, the N. E. Cor
thence S. 2 24' W. 600 feet to Cor.
No 3, the S. E. Cor., thence N. 88 65'
W. 1494.20 feet to Cor. No. 4, the S. W.
Cor., thence N. 2 2' E. 600 feet to
Cor. No. 1. the place of the beginning
containing a net area of 20.576 acres."
HORSE SHOE "Beginning at Cor.
Nj 1, the S. W. Cor., whence the Cor.
for the S. W. Cor. of Sec. IS and the
N. W. Cor. of Sec. 19 T. 23 S.. XL Is E.,
G. & S. R. U. & M. brs., S. 8 25' W.
833.2 feet, thence N. 2 24' E., 600 feet,
to Cor. No. 2, the N. W. Cor., thence
S 8S 55' E. 1494.20 feet to Cor. No. 3,
the N. E. Cor., thence S. 2 24' W.
494.50 feet to Cor. No. 4, the S. E. Cor.,
thtnee S. 87 03' W. 150U.30 feet to
Coi. No. 1, the place of the beginning,
containing a net trea of 18.767 acres."
APEX "Beginning at Cor. No. 1,
the S. W. Cor., whence the Cor. for the
S W". Cor., of Sec. 18 and the N. W.
Coi. of Sec. 19, T. 23 S., R. 25 E., G. &
S. R. B. & M. brs. S. 19 29' E. 870.9
feet, thence N. 12 27' E. 327.40 feet
to Cor. No. 2. the N. W. Cor., thence
S. 87 18 E. 1508.60 feet to Cor. No.
3. tl:o N. E. Cor., thence S. 12 27' W.
400.70 feet to Cor. No. 4, the S. E. Cor..
thence N. 84 32' W. 1497.90 feet to
Ccr. No. 1. the place of the beginning,
containing a net area of 5.279 acres
expressly excluding area in conflict
with Horse Shoe lode of this survey
cf 6.3C4 acres and with Sunshine lode
of this survey of 0.784 acres."
SUNSHINE "Beginning at Cor. No.
1, the N. E. Cor., whence the W. Vi
Ccr of Sec. IS T. 23 S.. R. 25 E.. G &
S. R. B. & M. brs. N. 81' 55' W. 157.9
feet, theme S. 2 24' W. 1500 feet to
1
' 7 , I .lt,l!jttll--il'i-' I
. i-V ' Iff i' ;, i ' it '
xt-;i!- 1UUK V.1U
r--
.it xr -7
LODGE NOTICES
Cards of every fraternal order in the Warren District; giving the essential
facts of each, their meeting nights, thMr officers and the place of gather
ing will be found under their respective headings in these columns.
BISBEE LODGE. NO. 718.
Meets every Friua uignt, Moose Hall
Visiting brother cordially Invited.
V. K. TONKIN, Dictator.
KAY ROSS, Secretary.
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA.
OREADN AUGHT.
L. O. L- NO. 210.
meets in L O.
O. F. Hall first
and third
MONDAY at
7:30 p. m.
Visiting broth
ers cordially
invited to at
tend. VVm. T. SMITHAN, W. M.
ROBERT FERGUS, Secretary
P. O. Box 426, Bisbee.
BROTHERHOOD OF AMERXN
YEOMAN
KicLard 1, Homestead 895, meeu
secou.1 and fourth Tuesday at Odd
Fellows' halL Visiting Archers are
cordially invited.
MRS. C C. F1NLAYSON, Foreman
P. O. Box 1526.
E. D. STINSON, Correspondent
Box 149U.
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD.
sTA., Lowell Camp No. 46 will
meet every Wednesday
at 7:30, Brophy NaU.
H. C. LANDAU. C. C.
O. B. THOMAS, Clerit.
All Woodmen invited.
PYTHIAN SISTERS
Lily Temple No. 3 meets every 2nd
and 4th Thursday evening of each
month at Odd Fellows HalL Visiting
sisters are cordially inviied.
MINNIE BLUM, M. E. C.
Phone Clack 851.
IDA GLAZE, M. of R. C.
Box 147o
coi. No. 2, tne S. E. Cor., thence s.
tt- It Yv. toa.:i feet to Cor. No. 3,
me S. V. Cor., thence N. 2" Zi' E.
lioi' leet to Cor. No. 4, the N. W. Cor.,
thence N. (j6" 1' E. bus. 20 teet to Cor.
No. 1, the place of the beginning, con
luiu.ug a net area ot 2u.nO acres."
A.nCY HANKS "Deginning at
Coi No. 1, the N. E. Cor., wneuce tne
V Cor. ot Sec. 18, T. 23 S.. R. 2o K.,
G. l S. K. B. Ac M. brs. N. 57" 26' E.
54C.4 feet, laeuce S. t' 24' W. 1500
feet to Cor. No. 2, the S. E. Cor.,
thence S. 66 17' W. 663.20 feet to Cor.
No. , tne S. W. Cor., thence N. 2 24
E 1;0U feet to Cor. No. 4. the N. W.
Cor., thence N. fb 17' E. 668.20 feel
to Cor. No. 1, the place of the begin
ning, containing a net area of 19.u5u
acres, expressly excluding area in con
flic with Survey No. 2454, William B.
.Uixre lode of 0.152 acres, and with
buivey No. 3137 Jacn Pot No. 2 lode
of o.SoS acres."
The location notices of these claims
are recorded in the County Recorder's
Of lice. L'ocbisa County, as follows:
Golconda Book 57, Record of Mines
Patre 105.
Hold Over Book 33,
Record of
Mines, Page 463.
Horse Shoe Book 30, Record of
Miues, Page 330.
Apex Book 57, Record of Mines,
Page 4S1.
Sunshine Book 30, Record of Mines
Pago 332.
Nancy Hanks Book 30, Record ot
Mines, Page 331.
The names of the adjoining claims
arc: North Survey No. 3:'.S9, Carbon
ate, Copper Wedge and Sulphide lodes,
Suivey No. 2425, Delta lode. East,
Survey No. 33SS. Wildflower lode. An
vil Forge and Copper Era lodes, unsur
vejed, owned by John Fitzpatrick.
South, Copper Era lode, unsurveyed,
owtied by John Fitzpatrick. Survey
No. 2454 Vic Roy and William B.
Moore lodes. West Survey No. 3137.
Jack Tot No. 2 lode, Survey No. 33S9
Carbonate lode.
The official survey of said mining
claim being Mineral Survey No. 3390.
J. L. IRVIN, Register.
First Publication March 8. 1918.
Laci Publication May 17. 191S.
REVIEW WANT ADS BRING
RESULTS.
J-J!', ;',,
"if, il
mm.
');
i
s Ik V
r WOW viHKE ' M If
Vcvc is') T M
TSAliJx S (f 7 Vi ill
-Ssj- Jiy
I JUNIOR ORDER UNITED AMERI
CAN MECHANICS.
Meets in Medlgovlc)
Hall every Tuesday
night. Visiting brothers
welcome.
S. F. BENTON. Councillor,
i J. I BENTON, Recording Secretary
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS.
Rathbone Lodge No. 10.
Knights of Pythias
meets each Thursday
(except second) in Od
Fellows' Hall at 7:3
p. m. Visiting brother
cordially invited.
LEON H. RICE, C C
EARL SOBLEY, K. of R. F
FRATERNAL ORDER OF EAGLE"
1 Bisbee Aerie, No. 175. F. O. E meet-
rirst and third TUESDAYS. 8 p. n
Eagle," Halt Visitors cordially ws
come.
J. F. WILMOTH. President
F. C. FENDERSON, Secretary.
C. L. EDMONDSON. Aerie Physicia
LODGE NO. 671.
Regular meeting first and third Fri
day of each month. Visiting brothers
cordially invited to attend. Box 1322.
JAS. A. ALLISON, Exalted Ruler.
R J. KELLY', Secretary.
KNIGHTS AND LADIES OF SECURI
TY, BISBEE COUNCIL NO. 2115.
Meets every second and fourth Sat
urdays in the month at I. O. O. F.
Hail, 7:30 p. in. Visiting members are
cordial; y invited.
ARNOLD SCHMID, President,
P. O. Box 34S3. Lowell, Am
FREDERICK J. ATTAWAY.
Secretary, LowelL
E. LINDQUIST. Financial Secretary,
P. O. Box 3246, LowelL
SISBEE LODGE, NO. 10, I. O. O. F
meets every
WEDNESDAY
evening at Odd
Fellows' HalL
Main street, at 7:30 o'clock. Visitirs
brothers cordially invited to attend.
Hall phone 119.
H. R. TAYLOR, N. G.
CARL V. NELSON. Secretary.
OKDfcH OF EASTERN STAR.
meets in Masoaic Hal
Peail Chapter, No. S, meets
in Masonic Hall second ana
fourth Tuesday of eac
nioutn at 7:30 p. m.
MRS. EMMA WOODS, W. M.
Phone 161. Box 43. Bisbee.
MRS. JESSIE BEVAN. Sec y. P. O.
Box 2299. Chairman Relief Com,
Phone 161.
WESK ENDING, MAY 11, 191S
Monisy 2nd Degree.
Tuesday
Wednesday 3rd. Degree.
Th-irsday Commandery.
Friday 3rd Degree.
Saturday
V. W. GIDLEY, W. M.
J. T. WATKINS. Secy. F. & A. M.
j. w. l ula.ni'. t n. r.
C. F. PIIILBROOK, T. L M.
F. E. BENNETT. E. C.
F. S. DAVENPORT, Secretary Chap
ter and Commandery.
W. R. BANKS, Secretary CounciL
1
T. F. B.
FRATERNAL
BROTHERHOOD
Bisbee Lodge No.
452 meets the 1st
m ana ora uvuuaji
S of each month at
7:30 at Medigo-
V vi
ich HalL Visit
ing members cordially invited.
B. F. MOSS. President
MRS. C. E. FINOTTL Treasurer.
Box 722. Tel, 236. Red.
HONORA MUNCH. Secretary.
Vox 1621.
MOlERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA.
Bisbee Camp No. 13415.
Meets first Tuesday at
O-ld Fellows' Hall.
R. L. MOTZ. Consul.
H. F. MATHEWSON.
Clerk.
By C A. VOIGHT
0 THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW. TUESDAY MORNING, MAY 14, 1913.
EIGHT
E
AGLE TH'EAI
RE
S
3 DAYS
TODAY AND WEDNESDAY
CONTINUOUS 1 TO 11
TODAY AND WEDNESDAY
THE UNIVERSALE STUPENDOUS, SPECTACULAR, UNDER-THE-SEA PRODUCTION
NOTHING LIKE IT ON EARTH
JULES VERNE'S
"20,000 Leagues Under The
asrle 1 hea
COMING THURSDAY, MAY 16TH
2 DAYS gj
Sea"
I ATTRACTION EXTRAORDINARY
WM. FOX PRESENTS
NOTHING LIKE IT ON EARTH
THE SWIFTEST DRAMATIC ACTION HAIR
RAISING BATTLES THRILLING ESCAPES
FEARLESS ATTACKS ALL ON THE BOTTOM
OF THE OCEAN.
YOU WILL SEE JULES VERNE'S DREAM SURPASSED. YOU WILL WITNESS SIGHTS UP TO THE
PRESENT DAY NO MAN HAS SET EYES UPON.
mi mm
mi ?
Ylii
See
Wm. FARNUM
IN HIS GREATEST PLAY
? r
The .Conqueror
99
MUSIC BY ORCHESTRA
ADMISSION MATINEE, 15c; NIGHT, 15 AND 25c
COMING THURSDAY
WM. FARNUM IN HIS GREATEST PLAY
"THE CONQUEROR"
AN ATTRACTION EXTRAORDINARY
ova! The
A Siudendous, Soc-c lcular Production in 10 Acts. A Gripp-ng D.cir.a Flcii'.rin?;
the Career of Gene.rt! San Houston.
SU.gtd Ly R. A. Walsh, Who Directed "The Honor System" and Use Dig BaUle
Scenes of "The Birth of a Nation."
Another Big Attraction with No Advance in Admission.
ADMISSION MATINEE AND NIGHT CHILDREN, 15c; ADULTS, 25c
I
aire
Central Th
TODAY 1 TO 10:30 -TODAY
TONIGHT
COMMENCING 6:30
aire
TONIGHT
EXTRA
66
S
EXTRA i SPECIAL
IVAN FILM CO. PRESENTS ITS CROWNING CREATION
Ins of Ambitiion
A SUPER-PRODUCTION IN EIGHT WONDERFUL PARTS
A TWO-PART M AND R COMEDY
"MR. AND MY DOG"
A LAUGH IN EVERY FOOT
WM. FOX PRESENTS
VIRGINIA PEARSON
IN
0N0
PICTURES CHANGE DAILY
ADMISSION:
BALCONY, 5c
LOWER FLOOR, 10c
City Briefs
,
Baa anyone visited you? Or
have you entertained? II so, call
.he Review after 6 p. m. anu leu
the Society Editor, rhone 39.
FOUND THE CACHE.
Yesterday morning the local officers
received word that a machine loaded
with booze ha been unloaded at the
house of J. H. Bryant, a colored man,
in Upper Erewrey tlulch. A search
warrant was issued and Police Officer
Hill Raif and Deputy Sheriff Howe
proceed;! to the house and in a short
time they returned down the Gullcli
with three sacks filler with the il
legal stutf One sack was found in a
toilet and the other had been scat
tered underneath the house through a
trap door that opened up under th!
bed with a carpet nailed own over it.
Bryant was then placed under arrest
and a charge or having liquor in his
possession on the street was filed
against him by the city officers while
a charge of transporting intoxicating
liquor wa. filed against him in the
superior court. He was held under
$250 in the city court and $500 cash
in the superior court.
with the work that has been acconi
lished there and with the plans of
the future work. He states that the
work will not be completed int
Tombstone for about three months
but that the traveling public will be
abie to use a part of the new road
hn1 ennn nnrl that the ft! rirrmtl is he-
1 owvru
ing prepared so that a part of It can
j be used and whic h will do away with
the tig hill just coming out from
I Tombstone.
for fort Mcdowell.
Forty-seven men left Tombstone
yesterday for FL McDowell, California,
where they will enter the servico of
the United States government as mem
bers of the national army. The men
reported in Tombstone Sunday after
noon and left that city at 9:43 yester
day morning. The men were enter
tained by the patriotic ladies of Tomb
stone and were given boxes of lunches
and plenty of smokes to use on the
mad. There was a large crowd at
the depot when the train pulled out.
Th men were in a special Pullman
which will carry them through to Ft.
McDowell.
Copper Queen Hotel. He registered
from "Nowhere," but he could not fool
;he general public by that. He is too
well known to the public in t-'iis sec
tion of thu country as well as al lover
Arizona. He is in the city from a trip
to Cananea. He reports matters pro
gressing nicely there. He is one of
the prominent mining men of the
state.
Charles Cross were in the city Sunday
on their way to Tombstone with a
load of prisoners. They had two held
to await the action of the superior
court and two th.it were left at tlie
road camp for work on the state high
way. Six prisoners have bcea deliv
ered at that camp during the na'st low
dn vs.
WEST BOUND.
The Golden State limited last even
ing had the following passengers list
ed: F. A. Brown, for Prescott; E. J
Vatkin3, for Los Angetes; Mrs. Wil-j
liam Glasstner, for Grass Valley; K. i
Evelin, for Phoenix; T. Bandramore, I
for Lou Angeles; V. G. Lenient, for
Los Angeles; John Fornke, for Los
Angeles; Miss M. Hogan, for Los j
Angeles. j
TO TOMBSTONE.
Porno 25 residents of the Warren
distri-t are in Tombstone as witnesses
in the case of the State vs. Mrs. Ernie
James. Soire five machines fillet!
with whnwes went over yesterday
&nd others will leave this morning. It
Is c x;r-( ied mat -the case will take at
Imn throe or four days to try.
WANT ENGINEERS.
The local board ft Cochise county
yesterd.iy i3ceived Call No. 503 for
five engineers or firemen for the engineering-corps
to be sent to Fort Leav
enworth, Kansas, June 1st. This call
will be or.n until May 20 for volun
tary induction, when after that time,
it the c-oll has not been filled, the
board has been instructed to draft
men for the service. If cone in Class
1, men in Class 2D, 3K and 3L will
be called.
Men for this service must be physi
cally qualified and if they have de
pendents the dependent must waive
classification, also must be within
draft age The applicant must be a
registrar of Cochise county.
These are exceptional opportunitiel
for energetic and ambitious men. All
applications will be addressed to the
local boara at Tombstone, Arizona.
ON MAY 26TH.
Tbo Local Board of Cochise county
has issued notices that all white men
left in class one are expected to re
port in Douglas on Sunday afternoon
at 3 p. n;. for entrainment to Camp
Cody. The men will frave Douglas on
Monday at 8 a. m. on a special train
and will be taken direct to Camp Cody
without a change of cars. It was the
intention of the board to send the men
from Bisbee but the railroad company
objected to making the extra haul of
the equipment. There will be no ex
cuses allowed to any one called and
they will all be requrred to report in
Douglas on that date. There will be
about 250 men called on that date the
names will he ready for publication
within a few days. "
A LITTLE CAL.
Mr. and Mrs. Cal Messner are the
proud parents of a 10-pound son, bom
at the family home this morning. The
newcomer has been named Cal, Jr.,
and will be raised to be a soldier, the
father declares. Messner is the well
known Hudson representative in this
district. U was their first child.
Phoenix Gazette. Cal was a resident
of the Warrent District for a number
of years, and has a number of friends
who send congratulations. He has a
sister teaching school In this district.
AS WITNESSES. I
A number of the employes of the j
Warren Street railway company left i
last evening on the Golden State lim-1
ited for Tucson where they go as wit
nesses before the U. S. grand Jury in !
the case of the motorman, G. W. !
Stroed. vho has been held to answer
to that loy on a charge of making
seditious remarks.
TO TUCSON.
Special Agent McFarland of the de
partment of justice le.'t last evening
lor Tucson where he was called as n
witness before tho United S:ats
grand jury to testify in a number of
rases that have originated in this
district since he came here.
TAKEN UNDER ADVISEMENT.
T T..n U(..t,' .fin ontinir 1 t, TT
111 JUUC IligU D liru b "1 ll"h " -
S. Commissioner, the case of the gov
ernment vs. George Fafoutis. the mat
ter was taken under advisement by
the court until next Tuesday. Fa
: foutis is under arrest 6n a charge of
making teditious remarks. He is out
on bond.
GRANTED PENSION.
Anion persons of this state granted
pensions by the United States during
the past week is Lysa B. S. HaA-tey,
of Douglas, according to word received
last evening from Washington.
NOW IN HAITI.
Russell Trevis, former resident of
the Warren district, where he was con
nected with the supply department of
the Calumet & Arizona mining com
pany, writes to friends in this city
from Port Au Prince, Haiti, where he
is stationed with the United Stas
Marines lu the general headquarters.
Trevis volunteered soon after the Unit
ed States entered the war, and has
been wih the marines since. H-3 was
of draft age, but secured the release
of his board upon enlisting.
FROM PENITENTIARY.
William Truman, who looks after
the guests of Hotel de Hunt, on the
banks of Gila river, when they stray
away from that resort, is In the city
for a few days on business connected
vth tha institution. We will take
11am Harris back with n'm to Flor
ence.' H" will secure a statement
from Officer Hill Ruff -vho made the
a- est and alpr a copy of the com
plaint that as sworn out against
him in ludo High's court.
GOLD MINES.
Jud;?e J. L. Winters, I. H. William
son xnd Sol. Morgnstern, left this
morning for Ajo district, to look over
property of the Lowell Gold Miring
company.
Y. W. C. A.
There will be a membership tea at
the Y. W. C. A. Wednesday afternoon
from 3 until 5. All members of the
association are cordially invited, and
mothers, wives and sisters of men in
the service. Those recently becoming
members of the association are In
vited. The report from the member
ship campaign will be glvn from the
three sections of the district to date,
and a good time is being planned.
BACK TO PHOENIX.
L. R Whitney, ppcrpfiry of the rom
mipsiirf of state institutions, ban re
turned to bis home In Phoenix after
spending several days on legal busi
ness. He also paid a visit to the
state road camp between here and
' Tombstone and was greatly pleased
WIFE IS SOUGHT.
Frank Varner, of Gleeson, a raillOad
man. died Friday in Douglas' at the C.
ft A. horpital and the body is being
held pending the location of his wife.
The deceased was a member of thfl
IV of TL T. and carried insurance in
his wife's name and the offiicals of
the Brotherhood nre making an at
tempt to locate his wife. Th couple
had been separated. Anvone knowing
tr-e address of Mr. Varner shi'iH
notify rhf brotherhood secretary at
Douglas.
SUIT IS DISMISSED.
The suit of Elmer Thompson, forticr
miner, egainst the Phelps Dodge cor
poration, FPt for trial In the United
, States district court in Tucson this
I week, was yesterday dismissed at the
request cf attorneys for the plaintiff,
according to information received in
the district last evening. The suit
I had bsen pending for many months.
FROM PHOENIX
C. C. Thompson, the Phoenix insur
ance man, is in the city for a few
days on a business trip. He came
from Tombstone. He was at one time
a resident of the Warren District snd
was engaged in business here. He
reports that the Phoenix Valley is
quite lively at the present time.
EXCUSED FROM JURY.
C. M. Wheeler, of this dis'rk-t. vho
was called yesterday to Tombstone
for jury duty, has been excused until
Wednesday. He returned to ilia home
here last evening.
AFTER BEEF CATTLE.
E. A. Tovera und John True, th?
Pisbee butchers, are In the Salt River
valley on a beef purchasing tour. Thev
will purchase several car loads of
beef cattle for their markets here.
FOR GRAND RAPIDS
Miss Hattie Malam, the school
teacher, loft this morning for Grand
Rapids. Michigan, where she will
spend t'lo summer months on a visit
to relatives.
VISITING DAUGHTER
Mrs. M. II. Wilson, of this city, is
spending several v weeks in Los An-
geles on a visit tt her daugh
C. J. Hummel.
iter, Mrs.
FROM CANANEA
George Kingdon is a guest at the
AT ORPHEUM.
Viola Pana In "Th- Winding Trail."
a picturesque and attractive drama of
love and adventtrre. Is the offering at
the Ornheum theater today. The pic
ture is one of Intense actcion nnd
thrilling episodes, and has ntfrr.rled
wide comment from the piess of 'he
nation.
UNDELIVERED TELEGRAMS
The following telegrams are at the
Western Union office for want of bet
ter addresses: Martin Ruppe, Dan
Browning; J. H. I'owen and Mark
Rovls'sli.
MEMORIAL DAY SERVICE
WERE IN CITY.
Deputy Sheriff's Percy Itowden and
Pursuant to the eall of the president
that rtlieinus services should be held
In evprv 'cnnninity on May HO. the
Cliristini Workers' assoclntlon of Bis-l-e
at tlroir mneting Motidav morning
to- v steps toward orranrln? for such
service.
All lodges and o'her organizations
desiring to participate will nlense
send a representative to meet with
others nt the Y. M. C. A. Saturday
8
A Thrilling Drama of Love, Adventure and Intrigue in Diplomatic Life at Washington
ADMISSION 15 AND 25c
night. May 18. at 8 o'clock, to make
arrangements therefore.
CHARLES W. HARSHMAN,
A. J. IRWIN.
H. C. COMPTON,
Committee.
FORMER BISBEE MAN
WEDS NEW MEXICAN
Announcement of the marriage in
Filer City N. M., t' Truman H. Wi,;
s'ins, formerly of this city, and Miss
Judith Belle White, of Silver City,
was received by friends of Wiggins in
liisbee yesterday. The wedding was
solemnized on Sunday, May 5, at the
home of the bride's parents.
Wiggins iformerty 'resided in the '
Warren district. He was a member I
cf the Copper Queen engineering staff!
and has many friends in the district.!
At rreent he is living at Silver Citv
and is operating lvased ground in the I
Trone district where he has acquired '!
quite extensive holdings.
Orpheum Theatre
CONTINUOUS FROM 1 TO 11
Metro Pictures Corporation Presents the Winsome Star,
VIOLA DANA
-in
"TheWmin
g Trail"
Business Locals
A Metro Wonderplay in Six Ac's
ADMISSION 10 AND 15 CTS.
rOAAISR!
Cut Flowers and floral decorations
for sale ?t Magede's, beginning Tues
day. Adv.
Dr. Playfalr, Osteopath. 98 Mason I
Hill, Mason car stop. Phone Blue R47 1
Adv. 2C1 ,
UNDER NEW MANAGEMENT j
The Ozark boarding and rooming '
house, 71 Brewery Gulch. Adv. 161 '
Beginning Tuesday, May 14. Ma
gede's will have cut flowers for sale
al all times. Adv.
NOTICE
Owing to rumors having been cir
culated through the city that certain
candidates on the Citizens' Non-partis-ian
city ticket, were intending to re
sign if elected and seek appointlva
offices in the city, we desire to an
nounce, that none of the undersigned
are desirous of. and will not 'accept
an appointive office in the city of Bis
bee under any conditions.
JACOB ERICKSON.
Mayor.
LEE JOVANOVICH.
Councilman.
c a. Mcdonald.
Councilman.
C. W. HICKS.
Councilman.
A. ROSOK,
Councilman.
C. BLEDSOE.
Councilman.
B. T. WATKINS.
Councilman.
LYRIC THEATRE
TODAY
BLUEBIRD Presents SALISBURY and RUTH
CLIFFORD in
" HANDS DOWN "
In 5 Parts
The Patriotic Serial
" A Daughter of Uncle Sam "
EPISODE No. 9
" MUTT AND JEFF "
ANIMATED WEEKLY
News of the World in Motion Pictures
Balcony, 5c; Lower Floor, 10c; Reserved Seats, 20:
1.
N.
STRAWBERRY SHORT CAKE
with whip cream. Fnnllsh Kitchen.
Adv. 711
Expert paner hnncer and -painter, f.
J. Brand'. Phone 4".. Box 130. 5S0
j Cut flowers for all occasions will
, be cnund nt Magede's. beginning Tues
day. May 14. Adv
English Kitchen atid rr one of their that are contracted by her in my
"5c combinations; choice of three name.
combinations.
Adv.JIT (signed)
O. F. SMITH.
Adv.
DANCE.
C A A. Band Dance, Warren Park,
Wednesday and Saturday. Admmis-!
sion fO cents. Ladles free. Adv. 740
MATERNITY HOME.
Call Blnck 573 for terms, etc.
Advertisement 974
For noon - day nincn. go 10 the
TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN
Bisbee. Ariz.. May 9. 191S
My wife. Nellie M. Smith, having Phone BIsbee 5
left my bed and board and refusing to
return. i hereby give public notice that
I will not be responsible for any debts
ROCKHILL'S 3TAGE
BIsbee-Tombstone. Leares BIsbee
BIsbee Auto Co.. 7 a. ni.. 1:30 p. m. 7
Adv.
X,. L. Ciiiran sells fie New Fdison,
the phonograph with a soul."
1
I