4
TWO SECTIONS
Sixteen Pages.
2?
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service.
VOL.20. No. 259.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW,; SUNDAY MORNING, APRIL 7, 1918.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
tt
ARIZONA HOST
SEND 470 IN
IN NEXT DRAFT
Three Times Original Number
Will Leave for Training
Camps in Five Day Period
Commencing April 26.
(Ey Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. April 6. Approxi
mately 150,000 men will be sent to
training camps during the five day
ceriod beginning April 26. under or
ders gent to state governors today by
Provost Marshal General Crowder for
mobilization of the April call of the
second draft. This is three times thv!
number it was originally planned to
call and is nearly twice the monthly
quota, as based on the calling of
SO'J.000 men over a period of nine
months.
Calling out of the increased num
ber was made necessary by the de
cision of President Wilson to respond
without delay to the need of France
end Great Britain for reinforcements
in the Rreat battle in Picardy.
Vacancies in national army divisions
resulting from withdrawal of men to
complete national guard and regular
army 'units and for the formation of
special technical units askd by Gen
eral Pershing, will be made good by
the April draft. 'Those divisions
furthest advanced in training are to
receive first attention in order that
the maximum number of complete
units may be sent abroad soon.
Failure of congress to pass the
amendment to the selective service
act, which would permit the fixing of
state quotas on the number of men in
class one. necessitated temporary ad
herence to the old system. Local
boards have been officially advised
however, that they are to ignore
"quotas" for the time being and to
simply continue calling up men until
they have obtained the number they
have been Instructed to forward. '
When a basis for establishing state
quotas has been found, due credit;
against . future increments will be;
given for those already called. Among
the men to be called will b"? approxi
mately 116,700 whites and 33.700 ne
groes. Pennsylvania leads with 10,
965 called; Ohio is second with 10.
502 and New York third with, 10.171.
The assessment for other states in
cludes: Arizona, 470; California, 4.363, Colo
rado. 1,029; Kansas. 1.921; New Mex
ico,40.r.; Texas 7,817.
i ... y
$jff jffBAP$j$MhM i L. U r! l- J
PRESIDENT FORMALLY OPENS
THIRD LIBERTY LOAN DRIVE
WITH RINGING WAR ADDRESS
Accepts Germany's Challenge to Conclude Issues by Force;
Pifteen Thousand (Loyal Americans Cheer Executive;
Reviews Camp Meade Regiments in Morning; Aero
" plane Scatters Literature.
GERMAN DRIVE:
NEARS ANIENS!
Prussians' Thrust Is Cause of
Anxiety By Washington
(By Review Leased Wire)
BALTIMORE. April 6. President Wilson, at Baltimore today, formally
opened the third Liberty loan drive with a review of 12.000 troops of the na
tional army from Camp Meade, and a speech in the evening in the hall In
Military Officials As Allied which ,le was nominated for his first term as president.
The soldiers mrached by the reviewing stand for nearly two hours, in
Statements Are Vague. ; formation that showed the effects of intensive training. The men were from
: Pennsylvania. Maryland and the district of Columbia.
j In the stand with the president were Mrs. Wilson. Cardinal Gibbon,
l.usil wiif) .Major General .losepn rc. rvunn. commanding me seveniy-ninui aivision at
April 6. Repeated"' Camp Meade, and others.
' An aeroplane, piloted by O. M. Bounds and carrying as a passenger,
George Creel, which was bringing Liberty loan pamphlets to be scattered
during the parade, was smashed when it attempted a landing, but neither
of its occupants were hurt.
President Wilson's acceptance of Germany's challenge that the is?ue
IMMENSE TOTALIS SZ'SREPORT ENEMY
WASHINGTON.
assurances from allied leaders that
j Amiens, objective of the renewed Ger-',
(man or.flaught in Picardy. will not be
j captured, did hot lessen today the i
j anx-ety with which officials here ex-'
lamincd brief and unsatisfactory orti-'
jcial statements from I-oiidon and Paris 1 between the central powers and her enemies be settle,, by force brought 15.
j for citar knowledge of the progress of ; 000 persons cheering- to their feet.
(the battle. jn president's audience was plainlv wit'i him in his denunciation of
..len-bers of the senate military com-; G ..s niintarv masters. It applauded his declaration that he is readv
mittee. who were given their weeklv i . j, " , . . , .
repo.l on war preparations 'the ! at ,ln,e to discuss a just peace s.ncerely proposed.
United States bv the war department.; The President's declaration that nothing is proposed for Germany but
again studied the battle situation on I justice was warmly applauded as was his statement that Germany's conrse
I official maps. They were impressed in Russia is a cheap triumph. At the conclusion of the president's address
j by thi nearness of the German lines subscriptions were opened for Liberty bonds. The Savings Bank of Baltimore
to Amiens and were not inclined to Immediatelv took one million dollars worth. Other large amounts were suh
regaro the menace in that region ! .rrjt,P,i
j definitely checked. i
command Mpproacn : -
As the lines laid early today, it ; President Wilson was given a great demonstration on his arrival at the
seemed probable th;it heavy artillery I ha which was packed with abtmt 13.000 people,
brought up by the Germans com-, xoanAs were at the doM unable to gain entrance,
manned the eastern approach to the .... j .... .u
town and the railwav junctions a lMn linea f,,rn,ed in front of ,hp armor3r a8 ea,r,y. " ,X "C,OC M
that direction. If so the conimunka- ' Former Governor Phillip I- Goldsborough. introducing the President, de
clared that out of the war would come a new world. dedi?atel to Liberty.
said that all parties in the country must
SEDITION BILL HELD
ISy TtevW'w Teasod WIre
WASHINGTON. April 6. Adminis
tration leaders of the senate failed to
day to realize hopes of the passing,
on the first anniversary of the na
tion's entry into the war, the' sedition
bill with its drastic penalties for dis
loyal utterances an dabstructions of
the Liberty loan and army draft. The
bill was before the senate again all
day. no progress was made and dis
cussion will be retimed Monday.
LAUNCH WOOD SKIP
(By Review Leased Wire)
HOUSTON. Tex.. April 6. The first
launching of wooden ships being built
here for the government shipping
board was marre dtoday when th
keel stuck in the mud before the ves
sel bad gotten clear of the ways. Ef
forts of tugs to release her were un
availing, but those In charge declared
the ship was not damaged and would
soon be floated.
OF BONDS SOLD;
New York Bells $102,000,000
Worth While Chicago Has
Fine Record; Sioux City
Wins Service Flag.
Army at Junction
Of Allied Forced
LOSSES. HEAVY
Bv Review Leased Wire?
NEW YORK. April 6. Subscriptions
of $102,000,000 were reported ta the
Liberty loan committee Jf the New
York federal reserve district for the
first day of the campaign for 'the third
loan. Official subscriptions received
at the federal reserve bank amounted
to 174.000,000. The returns exceeded
those for the first day in the pre
ceding loans.
The largest subscription received at
the fed-eral reserve bank was that of
the Bankers' Trust company r $25,
000.000. . Other large subscriptions
were: National Park Bank. $20,000,
000: Corn Exchange bank. $15,547,600;
Metropolitan Trust company, $7.5'H).
000; Pacific Bank, $1,500,000; and the
Union Trust company $1,000,000.
Managers of the leading theaters In
this sity subscribed $1,000,000 today'
and other large salqs were made at1
rallies held by organizations repre-
(Continued on Page Six)
WITH THE FRENCH ARMY
IN FRANCE. April 6., (By the as
sociated Press) The artillery
alone made war during the night
aid early this morning, but made
It with great vigor, chiefly in the
vicinity o fthe pitnetion of the
French and British, where strong
enemy concentrations are visible.
The infantry scarcely came into
action, seemingly marking time,
while taking a rest, perhaps for
another front push here or else
where, i
The present fighting Is progress
ing ov?r a rather broken country.
and the Germans are meeting with
the fiercest resistance on every
inch of it, and they are open
to counter attacks that are peril
ous for them. The slight flucta
tions in the lines in 'the last few
days shon,- how the French and
British are taking advantage of
the natural formation of the
ground, while they are strengthen
ing their defensive lines and their
artillery.
Paris Declares All Prussian
j Assaults Repelled Except
On Left Bank of Oise; Ber
! lin Claims Successes.
I tion lines radiating from Amiens on
ithat front must be virtually useless to 'Mr. Goldshorou'jh. a Republican,
I the British army, the official state-, rany behind the executive.
jinents failed, however, to disclose the! '""T'lis is no time," said Mr. Goldshorough. "to criticize the government,
j situation in this regard. j Th,s ,8 he thnp f()r everybody to pet ,,4 onr naR.-
I laid sTpl thecal' tC Wilson gave America's answer to the German drive on the
1 the Germans have been unable to western battle front: to the renewed propaganda for a German made pare.
j widen the saliwit they have projected i to all. proposals to end th war before Germany is awakened from her drean
I into the allied lines where the Hritisn of world dominion. J
land - French overlap. Official h-r j The president's answer wan; - - - -
agree that as long as the Hanks of this 1 "Force force to the utmost. fore without stint or limit, the righteous
!ma-ii operation are checked it is high-, am, frilmphant forcp whuh snaU niall risht thP pvr of th(, worid KnA r,st
the two armies apart can meet with ! pvery selfish dominion don in the dust
any success i A few h"llr! before the president spoke, he had reviewed a division cf
Try "Pincer" Movement. I citizen soldiers, called only a few months ago from the pursuits r peace;
The enterprise in the Albert region j now transformed into fighting men to carry the Ideals of America 'o the
is boiieved to he designed to inaugur- j battle fields of Europe. At one moment a million more of their kind rlt over
ate a "pincer" movement through ap-1 tlip ,, .-. fPi,.bratine the oiiening of the third Liberty loan; srd the
proaching Amiens from another direc-
tion. If successful the British line to
the south would he undermined and
! the niiiin salient of attack widened to
orders for mobilizing the first of the great army of a second million wfre.
going out to the country.
Those were some of the physical facts which backed his words, when
I PARIS. April IHeavy fighting has I K've room for a possible turning move-( after reviewing briefly the evidence that Germany seeks a peace fr her
I taker place in the Oise and Sommejlwent in either direction. j world dominion, the president aeciareu:
: regions but all the powerful German The general situation as to Amer j Demands That Justice and Peace Reign.
I. fL" l , 1 Tier,! "I accept the challenge. I know that you accept it. All the world shall
of the Oise. whern the Frpnch worp I was distinct evidence. It was saitl or
fnri'p.i tn withlrau.- in nnuiti.m. nrpvi.ithe ihcieasing nroluction. The avia-
WOBBLE CHARGED
WITH ATTEMPT TO
EXPECT ATTACK NEAR CORBIE
INFLUENCE
JURORS
WITH THE BRITISH ARMY
IX FRANCE. April 6.. (By the As
sociated Press) The enemy In
fantry continued its mass attack
just east of Corbie, on the Somme
during the early hours today and
there was every indication that
a heavy assault would be made.
At noon, however, it was stated
that the storm had not broken.
In the meantime the British ar
tillery was maintaining a terrible
bombardment of the enemy's as-f
sembiing places and it is possible
that thi may have delayed the
onslaught.
North of the Somme the most Im
portant event thus far reported
was a British counter attack
southwest of Aveluy Wood, in
which some ground was regained
after a sharp engagement.
ousiy prepared, according to tne war
office announcement tonight.
I The text of the statement reads:
! - "The artillery action was violent on
the front of the Oise and the Somme.
j The enemy this morning delivered a
j strong attack on our positions be
; tween Mesnil-St. Georges and Mon
j chel. The attack, broken by our art II
, lery fire failed completely. Numerous
i dead remained before our lines.
I "Further' to the north our batteries
dispersed enemy concentrations in the
wood south of Hangard, and in the
region of Demuin.
Maintain Position.
"In the Noyon sector, after a boin
1 batdment with heavy shells, the Gvr-
mans attempted to wrest from us our
, gains r.orth of Mount Renaud but in a
very spirited engagement our troops
held their advantage and maintained
ithe conquered ground.
"On the left bank of the Oise. the
day was marked by a series of violent
tion situation was described by Sena
tor Hitchcock, however, as very bad.
Piesident Wilson gave new impetus
to the war work during the day by the
appointment of Edward R. Stettinius
as' second assistant secretary of war
in charge of all industrial and com
mercial asnects of the department. In
illy Ki'Vit'W Li'awil Wiro
Judge Landis Dismisses En-! attacks launched by the Germans on 1 plunging tactics in the Amienshat-
tle area, with their operation rapicuy
TEN HUN DIVISIONS REPULSED
Trial Week; Vanderver
Admits Views Sought.
thr Ahrrtiirt front ftmtth rf fhuiinv
tire Venire and Postpones and tt Barisis. our troops resisted
on tne lines of tne advanced posts,
and after having inflicted heavy losses
of the enemy, proceeded to occupy, in
conformity with orders received, pre
pared positions.
"In the Argonne, in the region of St.
Michel and Bande Sapt. considerable
activity was displayed by both artil
(Hy Review leased Wire)
LONDON. April 6. "Today the
Infantry action on the battle front
has been confined to local fight
ing in the neighborhood of the
Aveluy Wood, orth of Albert, with
out change in the situation and
engagements between email bodies
of troops at different points." .says
Field Marshal Haig's report from
France tonight.
"Th? hostile artillery continues
activity.
"At least ten German divisions
are known to have been engaged
in the enemy's attacks yesterday
north of the Somme and the fight
ing was "very servere on many
points of this front as far north
as Bucnuoy."
Uy Rovlcw Leased Wire)
CH.'CAGO. April 6. Federal Judge
Landis tonight dismissed the entire
venire in the trial of 112 Industrial
Woikers of the World, charged with
violating, the espionage act. after a
j number of prospective jurors har testi
fied that they had been approached by
agents of the organization relative to
I their views on socialism and the I
know vou accept it. It shall appear in the utter sacrifice an dseIf-for?etrul
ness with whit h we shal give all that we love and all that we have to redeem
the world and make it fit for freedom like ourselves to live in. This i the
meaning of what we do. Let everything that we say. my fellow countrymen:
everything that we henceforth plan and accomplish, ring true to this r
sponse till the maiesty and might of our concerted power shall fill the thought
and utterly defeat the. force of those who flot and misprize what we honor
and hold dear.
"C.ermanv has once more said that force and force alone shalt decide
egect Mr. Stettinius becomes a direc-. wne,her justice and peace shall reign in the affairs of men: whether right
tor of munitions with full authority j a Anieri,.a conceives it or dominion as she conceives it shall determine the
to act. . , 1 .-,, 1 destinies of mankind.
,aA, MSl I "There, is therefore but one response possible for us. force force ,0 th
charge of the non-military aspects of; utmost; force without stint or limit, the righteous force which shall make
army life. He will supervise all mat-; right the law of the world, and cast every selfish dominion in the dust."
ters relating to vocational training and j Warning anew that a triumph of arms for Germany means ruin for all
recreation in the service. ; ine ideals America has won. and lived for. the president reiterated he was
willing to discuss at any time a fair. Just and honest peace sincerely pro-
. 1 . j posed 'n peace in which the strong and weak shall fare alike."
"But the answer." he said. " hen I proposed such a peace came from
the German commanders In Russia and I cannot mistake t'ie meaning of
the'answer.
"They are enjoying in Russia." the president declared. ' 'a cheap triumpl
in which no brave or gallant nation can long take pride. A great people,
helpless by their own act. lives for the time at their mercy. Their fair pro
fessions are forgotten. They nowhere set up Justice, but everywhere im
pose their power and exploit everything for their own use and aggrandize
ment; and the peoples of conquered provinces are invited to be free nndr
War Summary
Into a greatly magnified
SAY FRENC REPULSED.
BERLIN. Via London. April 6. Tha
communication from general headquar
ters this evening says:
"Frcm the battle field on both sides
of lb? Somme there is nothing new to
developin
VprHnn
The similarity with which the classic 1 their dominion.
example of a German attempt to beat! Must Give A), We Possess t oWin.
down an enemy bv sheer force is daily j ..Arp w(, nof JtIMtf nFd tlI i)Pijovinic that thev would do the sa.i-e things at
area Involved in the alack and the 1 tl''"" countlpss divisions cannot overcome?
masses of i In full, the president s speech was as follows"
a narrowl FELLOW CITIZENS This Is the annlvenary of our acceptance of Ger
many's challenge to fight for our right to 'W. ar-1 be free, and lor the
I Saturday the main atark was ile-, rod rights to free men everywhere. T'ic nation is awike. There is nJ
mcm-u nn 111c wimu 01. i nPp,i cat lto t. Wp know what the ir must cost. Oiir utmost saennce.
the lives of onr fittest men. and. if need b all th.it we possess. The loan
we are met to discuss is one of the least parts of what we aie called upon
to give and to do. though in itself linperativr The people of the whole
i practice of burling great
j troops at Hip iWenedcrs of a
1 front, regardless of sacrifice.
iv " report, rrencn anacKS on rne wesi-1
I The trial was postponed until a weel;lPrn 1)ank -r tne Avre ,ail,,,, Soutn of 1 ,,avP n"1 ,,s ,i,r,ins
from next Monday and another party i "" '" ' -- t-m-.i.,
RUSSIA TO RESIST INVASION
MOSCOW, April .. (By the As
sociated Press! The British, as
well as the Japanese, landed
forces at Vladivostok yesterday.
The local authorities had no warn
ing of this action.
(Br Review Leased Wire)
LONDON. April 6 According
to a semi-official dispatch from
Moscow, the following official
statem-nt has been issued th-re:
"In reference to th landing of
Japanese at Vladivostok, the Coun
cil of Peoples' commissaries is
undertaking political steps and at
the same tlm- orders all the Sov
iets in Siberia to offer armed re
sibtance to an enemy incursion
into Russian territory."
blnw launched south of the Somme oil
Thursday and that driven in the north'
of the river on Friday, had spent
Ihpmwplvps I
Saturday's big plunge appears to ' country are alive to the necessity of it. and ar ready to lend to the utmost.
point just to the: even where it involves a daily sacrifire to !nd out of meazre earnings. 1 ney
sonfli of the Somme. Apparently , will look with reprobation and contemn! on th.n ? who can snd will not. upon
of 100 veniremen called for that time. I powitsons near Amigny." j aiming at the Alhert-Ainiens railwav. those who demand a higher rate of Interest, up. in thos who think of it as
The climax of a week of legal de- Tue official statement Issued by the j in the l. initv of CorhK abnut ten , a niorP commercial transaction,
bate ever the selection of jurors came war, department says: miles east of Amines, the enemy threw 1 , hlve no( (,)in)tl ,nprfHrPt , urf:(. ;n ,rt. 1 ,MV rorue only to give
when George F. Vailderver. counsei :""n Theatre: Local enter- heavy mnsses or trooi.s toward )0, 1f , ,n. a more vivid conception of -vhat it Is for.
for the defense, suddenly arose ami ' PT ""'uoy ami Wth of Helm- opposing line from aire tt, Mid east
asked that the first four jurors ac-i,P!,,e resimen in nringing in some 1 or rornie. rue nanie snien ""iy - - - - ---- - - - -- - "- .
10 neveiop lino one 01 importance as; - - - -
effo-ting the tenure of wh remained '" disclosed now ban ever before. I is easy o see just what this particular
to the entente allies of the wedge- loan means because the cause we are fighting for sancls more sharply re-
crounil in the nngl vcaled than at any previous crisis of the momentous struggle.
the Sninme and the Tnp mjin nowg i0i,st can now see plainly how the cause of Justice
I stands and what the imperishable thing Is he Is asked to Invest In. Men
in America may be more sure than they ever were before that the cause i
1 -..; A n A . 1. .. . it 1 . . . 1 . .... i j 1 1... . i. n ! ... i
Somme Frid;iv night. The attack 1 """" " " "" ",!-- iimre no
launched against the liritish In the mission In the world would be lost with It.
roilon of Albert and northward on Fri- ' rall you to witness, my fellow countrymen, that at no stage of this
day. however, whs kept up nell Into terrible business have I judged the purposes of Germany Interperately. I
cept"!1. by both sides be sworn in
Cline Asks Dismissal.
j Charles F. Cline, district attorney
i who had some time previously asked
, that the jurors be sworn, immediately
jasked the court to dismiss the twelve
J men in the box and the one hundred
awnting examination.
"Four of these Jurors have testified
'that they were approached, directly or! were shelled.
indirectly, and asked whether th?yjRectors
i . . 1
1
in bringing in some 1
j lriMi':t r ami numerous guns.
r,nr,"hn inrust against ruistex tatien.
"On the western bank of the Ancv
we extended our bridge head positions shaped niece of
by mciins of an attack. On both sides rnrmed here by
of AlVert and south of the Somme i p, re
there were lively engagements and The Germans did not renew tlrlr
minor successful infantry fighting. intacks ug'inst the From h south of the,
Amiens Is Shelled.
''UaMway establishments in
Amiens
rench attacks on wida
between Moreuil and Monl
(Continued on Page Six)
(Continued on Tage Six)
(t'untinued on Tage fix)
(Continued on rage Plx) THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, APRIL 7, 1918.
TWO
r.
ummnKn cars are mounts for
FRENCH GUNS BOMB A RDING ENEMY
Women's white wash doe in gloves, specially
priced for Monday at $1.45
Sizes 5U to 7'.i, one clasp, pequoed back; this
Is one of the most popular gloves of the season for
general wear.
All Wool Knitting Yams
Big shipment junt arrived, in the regulation colors
of olive drab and gray, we also carry an assortment
of all popular colors.
A Wealth of Style and Beauty as Well as Substantial
Savings in Price Await You Here Monday
We
Direct Your Special Attention to Our READY-TO-WEAR SECTION
V;;:, . a , V&jSJfc
A of giant French guns mounted on armored eara and within range
of the German trenches.
A "specially constructed Tailway within rang of the German lines car-nv-
the large armored French trains whose piant Runs hammer the foe and
t!ear their trenches. The first photograph of such a train to arrive in this
country shows the cars with their powerful puns ready for action. The
puns and cars are skillfully camouflaged and are manned by French marine
cunners.
WRONG IMPRESSION
' MADE REGARDING
HIGHWAY FUNDS
Commissioners Deny That All
Money Now Available to
Be Used On BUbee-Doug-las
raved Koad.
An editorial appe&:u:g in tlie Doug
.as ii.teriiativ.ni, wuii-h snow-si toe
li-disc.e.mess of the wri.er is repons
io.e tor a lot ol unwarranted tain.
tht is go.ng over the county and
waich shoula be suppiessed at once,
a.s It is entirely wituout foundation,
utner ti.an tne edito.ia.1 in tue Inter
national, whica, in 8ubstnce
iw that $o00,C00.00 is available.
v.or will i,e started on toe Doug.s
Bisbee" paved road, and the Test ' of
ine comity raur." Innocent words,
but tney siar.ed a lot of unfair taik.'
The fact of the matter is the voUjis
u-ieg-ied U.e bUper.Lors to issue one
Jl.in dul.ars of bonus for tne par
pose of doing hece is wnat the ejec
tion cail sola: -
"One million ($1,0(H000) Doilar
for me purpose of acquiring fuuus to
construct properly graded and drained
ioas, wiili permanent waterways,
frcm the New Mexico state Hn3 at or
te r Rojeo, New Mexico, to Douglas,
Arizona; to construct a propeily
oia-';d drained, and paved road, with
permanent waterways, from Douglas,
Aiizona, to Bisbee, Arizona; to con
struct a properly graded and drained
road. with, permanent waterways, trom
nnibit.ne, Arizona, through tensun,
Aiizna; to ti-e Pin.a county .Ue uea.i
Mescal Arizuna; to cousuuet a prop
erly graded and drained roaJ, witu
permanent waterways, trom Willcox.
Arizona, through Cochise, Pearce, and
vou.t.a.id, Arizona, to Gleeson, Ari
joua, all of such roads and work con
ien.plated being in Cocnise county,
Arizona."
That budgeted th- ork, absolutely;
-11 work must be done on the roads
nienLioned and no others. The High
way commission had their engineer
budiet by estimate, the vairous roads,
and that tied the distribution of tho
fund, and it is positive that they must
spend this inoney on these pro rata
i-u.. on these roads. In rough figUies
and for illustration, six hundred thous
and dolla.s was set aside by estimate
for paving the Bisbee-Douglas road,
pnd four hundred thousand dollars
for the other work in various propor
tions. Then, owing to the fact that
the board sold only half the issue, it
but follows that only thrae hundred
th u and 's available for the Douglas
Bisbee highway, until the balance of
t..e road bonds are sold. Just why
the International thought this Jive
hundred thousand dollars was to be
i.s-od on any one piece of highway is
unexplainable, but the fact is that the
Highway commission is not officially
aware, as yet, as to exactly how much
of the bond issue was disposed of by
the board of supervisors, and they
have not met to take up the matter,
and will not meet until the latter part
ot April.
Ciiairman Bowen, of the eommis
i ion, ye-te day r.tated that no one bail
any right to assume or to state tow
t-e 000,000.00 would b? expended, as
the commission had not as yet held a
meeting to pass up?n it. Harry Clarke
member from Douglas, was very in
dignant to think that rumor should
connu t .i!e commission with - play
ing favorites, and he let it be most
emphatically known that a squar' dt-at
in the distribution of the fund was
riren; and he further deplored the
iact that the entire issue was not
sold, which wonld have Ki'.iminated
any such misleading rumors. Capta'n
.i. i'. H d son. of I'.isboe, who is not
in the state at present, it is safe to
; cs.inip, ould not stand fV znY
foritism" In the matter. He dil stite,
a few days ai,o, that as soon as the
gradiiig was done on the BiKbee-Du-las
stretch that th? outfits should be
put right on to other work, 6n the
highway. A. H. Gardner, of Tomb-
-e "- fr'iv), -omml-glo'-e-. st" ted
ihat f e enly way he could see wa3
that having sold half of the bonds,
t-t Luit t-e wr couid ue unuertaen,
and that i-s was in favor of pro
ceeding unaer that plan. Mrt An
derson, of Douglas, the fifth mera
utr ot te cammisfcion, could not be
Reached, but it is known that his
views conform to the plan of the other
commissioners, that is, using ihe avail
able money ia propoitioii, on all tne
highways designated.
The Highway commission of Co
chise county is a body of business men
wiio are gi.ing tneir time eDsoiutely
wituout compensation to see that the
wishes of me taxpayers a.e carried
out in this matter,, and will not be
parties to any untair dealing as indi
cated by Ue Iu.ern-t!n-l, waicii may
have meant no reflection, bat which,
in its inuisc.eJon, overstepped the ine
iui seif restraint.
VULCANIZING SHOP
IS WELL EQUIPPED
" Ulcf Western Vulcanizing Shop has
one ci the best equipped tire repair
enoi a in tne district and scores, of lo
cal . iuOlorist8 are having ther tires
replied at comparatively small cost.
Kvea ures whicn seemingly are vorn
completely out are often retreaded to
that they give hundreds ot .'tales ot
extra wear. -
Tne management reports ft brisk de
mand for Republic, tires, and as re
placements, when there are any, are
made right here, the motorist is as
sured that he will not have to wait a
month or so to hear from an eastern
factoiy, when he asks for an adjustment.
COTTON CITY MANAGER
VISITS COMPANY PLANT
R. S Cook, manager of the Cotton
City Land and Building company of
I'hott.ix, who has been making his
headquarters in Bisbee for the past
week, leaves this morning for Casa
GrauJs with a party of local mer
chants and business men who are
anxiouf to investigate and inspect the
project.
Tentative plans have been complet
ed for the immediate development of
320 acres ot land which the company
wlli equip for a modern hog ranch. At
the same time it is planned to plant
320 additional acres ot cotton.
FREE TO
ASTHMA SUFFERERS
A New Home Cure That Anyone Can
Use Without Dicomfort or
Lost of Time
We have a New Method that cures
Asthma, and we want you to try it at
our expense. No matter whether your
case is of long-standing or recent de
velopment, whether it is present as
occasional or chronic Asthma, you
sroild send for a free trial of our
method. No matter in what climate
you live, no matter what age or oc
i upation, if you are troubled with
act dil our method should relieve you
promptly.
V. e especially want to send it to
those apparently hopeless cases, where
all fo:nis of inhalers, douches, opium
penetrations, fumes, "patent smokes,',
etc.. have failed. We want to show
? erjone at our own expense that
this new method is designated to end
:,11 oiriiiult breathing all wheezing,
and nli those terrible paroxysms at
once and for all time.
This frei o."fT is too important to
ncUect a single day. Write now and
then beTln the method at once. Sfnd
no nlor.ey. Simply mail coupon. Do
It Today.
FRHE ASTHVA COUPON
FRONTIKK ASH 'MA CO.. Room
59 F, Niagara and Hudson Sts.,
Buffalo. N. Y.
Send fres triiil of your method lo:
Sale of. Women's
Wool Dresses
Regular values ranging from $32.50 to $33.59
$21.95
Lot No. 1 Consists of beautiful models in women's wool
serge, dresses, wool jersey, and serge and silk combinations,
the styles predominating are eton effects, mi.ltary styles,
long waist sytles or normal waist lines to suit the wearer.
The pleasing color range is especially attractive, navy,
berge. turquoise blue, rookie, clay and gray. There are just
eleven garments in this assortment.
- Lot No. 2 There is just thirteen dresses in this lot, the
styles, colors and materials are the same as mentioned in
Lot No. 1. The regular prices range up. to $29.50. Extra
special for Monday's selling, choice of this lot
r
V.-nv ATM..
S 17.95
Specially Priced
Hats at
$6.95
Incvv Hat and Face Veils
Beautiful conceits in floral designs,
scroll effects, etc., in black, navy, wJiite and
purple; these are extra good values selling
at 75c, $1.00, $1.50 to $5.00.
Monday and Tuesday
This is a very choice line of attractive models in all
the wanted shapes, colors and sizes, embracing; both tail
ored, sireet and dress hats, large shapes, medium shapes,
sailors, polk styles and plain tailored, while others are
prettily trimmed in fancy ribbons, flowers and wings.
EVERY HAT A BARGAIN
Unusual values selling Monday and Tuesday at $6.95
Childien's and Misses' Hats Shown in a Big
Variety, ranging in price 75c to $5.50
Jaunty little models in misses' and children's hats of
leghorn, lisere and hemp, also P. K. wash hats, with at
tractive hand embroidered effects, in white and colors.
New Auto Hats, $2.50 to $3.95
These hats may also be used for sport wear,
they are made of silk poplin in the popular
sailor and polk styles.
The colors are white, purple, tan, rose,
gray and mustard.
Women's
erie Waists
Ling
fsnortnlhi Prirprl nt
.4y
$1
Many new and attractive models in voile and fancy striped
batiste, some are beautifully trimmed in dainty lace and fine em
broidery, others finished with hand embroidered efefcts and fine
lace, still others are tailored and semi-tailored, having pretty col
lars ar.d cuffs; unusual values sellins at - $1.49
A 34v :C-t
A Notable Showing of Women's
Silk Dresses
Worth up to $22.50; specially reduced to sell at
$1 6.50
Especially attractive models in both high and normal
waist line effects. We are just in receipt of these charming
dresses, which are equally adapted to street or afternoon
wear; foulards, georgette crepe, crepe de chine, taffeta and
silk ginghams, in plain colors, fancy stripes and camoflauge
effects. A wide range of colors and styles to select from, well
worth up to $-2.50, choice'
$16.50
The New
Coats
Late Arrivals
We are now offering for your selection a com
plete line of women's and misses' new spring coats,
in serge, gabardine, velours, tricotine and Scotch
mixtures in such popular shades as clay, navy,
rookie, French blue, tan mixtures and black and
white checks. The contrasting effects in the trim
mings are usually attractive, large self collars, some
wltJi over collars of silk, in contrasting or harmon
izing shades. ,
These are all popular models aud very stylish
with high or normal waist line as you like.
There is a pleasing range of prices, too, starting
at $18.50, $22.50, $29.50 and up to $42.50.
$18.50 f?S3$S?? $42.50
Women's Muslin Underwear
Underpriced
$1.00, $1.50 and $2.00
We are now showing many dainyt models In women's muslin underwear. Gowns,
envelope chemise and petticoats, made ot a fine quality of muslin and nainsook, well
made, neatly finished and handsomely trimmed with fine sheer embroidery and lace
and ribbon.
Children's Wash Dresses
$2.50, $1.50, $1.25, 98c
'c are now showing a large and attractive new line of chil
dren's wash dresses in ginghams and percales, especially adapted
for school wear; many new and attractive styles; smocking and
braid trimmed, sortie with collar, cuffs and belts of P. K. and other
wash materials in contrasting or harmonizing shades; these are
unusual values at the price.
Annex" Prices on Apparel
for Women
'Women's Silk Dresses
In a Price Range $12.45 to $16.50
"Latest stvles and wanted models in colors of gray, light tan, navy,
copen. old rose, navy ground witJi -white coin dots, flowered and strip
ed patterns, exceptionally go(l values; in a price range $12.45 to $16.5t
WOMEN'S SILK SKIRTS
$4.95 to $6.95
An unusually attractive assortment of
the season's most popular colors and color
combinations, belt and belted effects, plain
and gathered; special values selling at $4.95
to $6.95.
Women's New Spring Waists
Triced at 65c and yac
model
od
Unmatched values nnd stylish new
in plain, self striped and self cnecK-
r.... Lrt.lnnd litlfimd nrpttv rol-
t ii ami ...ii, j i-n 'i ...... .
lars and cutis, lace trimmed and embroid
ery trimmed; prirca at woe ana aac.
Women's and Misses Plain and
Trimmed Hats, $2.45 to $7.45
A Inrgo i:id vari'M n.;sortmcrt to select
from, embracing nil tho wanted and new
models, colors and color runibiniitions, for
sport, strict cr dress wear.
ENTRANCE
ON
SUBWAY
STREET
REA1?
MAIN
BUILDIMC
(Economy Prices on
Toilet Articles
COLGATE'S Big Bath Toilet Soap
15c or two cakes for 25c
STORK Castile Soap 15c a cake, or
two for 25c
Cl'TlCCIlA Toilet Soap per cake 22c
WOODBURY'S Fac.i Toilet Soap, per
cake .'. 21c
JAP ROSE Soap 10c a cake or three
for 25c
UAGGKTT and Rarasdells Face
Cream in three sizes, small jars at
10c, medium jars 21c and large jars
for 47c
POND'S Vanishing Cream per tube or
j;ii 21c
MIND'S Honey and Almond Cream,
per bottle 49c
POMPKIAN Massage Cream, per large
... sizo jar 9."o
POMPEIAN Night Cream, per jar 31c
MU.KWEKD Cream in two sizes,
small jars 47c, and large jars for 9-ic
ORIF.NTAL Cream, large jars $1.29
COI.ti ATK'S Talcum Powder, cn ISc
RIVKRIS. Tali urn Powder, can 20c
MARY GARDBN Talcum Powder
can : 75c
Cl.'TKX Manicure Sets, two sizes, at
;i9c and 9;ic
LKHN' & FINK Poudre de Rlz In two
sixes, small box for 19c, lurce size
for - 39c
I .A I I.ACHK Face Powder, box 44c
"COLOItlTK" Mat Jye for straw hats,
Vassellne,
5e,
21c
large
... 25c
..19c
larce
10c
a bottle for
C A R BO LA T K l
jar
WH1T1C Vassellne, a jnr .
PKTROLE I'M, snMll jar
jar
NONSP1, a preventative for perspir
ing 39c
M I'M. per jar : - 21c
LIP STICKS, each
COI.GATK'S Dental Paste, tube ..
PF.HKCO Tooth Paste, per tube
KOLY.VOS Dental Paste, tube .
V.h'NXtN'S Shaving Cream tube
2lc
2'c
!c
21c
In Our Dress Goods Section
Extra Special Price Concessions
for Monday and Tuesday Only
54-In. All Wool Jersey
Per Yard, $1.98
This popular material is well
worth from $3.50 to $4.50 per
yard; it is especially adapted for
the making of suits, sport coau,
dresses and skirts; the range ot
colors, in green, vellow maroon
and gold.
36-In. Silk Foulard
Gingham, $1.19 yd.
36-inch silk foulard gingham,
this is one of the new sheer silks
for summer dresses, washable
fast colors, in checks, plaids and
broken figures, all wanted shades
special value, per yard $1.19
New Hawaiian Cloth
36 inches wide, per yd. 65c
This is one of the season's new
fabrics, very desirable for skirts,
one piece dresses or suits, the
colors are light and Jeffre blue,
olive drab, tan and white; it has
a silk finish much resembling
that of shantung, and is one of
the leading fabrics for summer
wear.
New Zephyr Ginghams,
ped yard 35c
'Si Inches wide, in a large and
varied assortment tor your selec
tion; fast washable colors in all
the desirahle shades, plaids,
checks, stripes and broken figures
Royal Society Package Goods, 35c to $2.00
Children's Imts, cups, drosses, aprons, rompers, coats, slips and
suits all nipde. With floss to embroidery, all sizes. 6 months to 6 ears.
Women's waists, gowns, envelope combinations, aprons, corset cov
ers, drawers, table runners, pillow tops, center pieces. 1' bags,
etc. ASK TO SKK TDK MODF.LS.
Women s Spring
Neckwear 69c
Big shipment just received, regular values to
$1-50, specially priced at 69c
In the lot are all the season's neest styles,
roll collars. Buster Brown sailors an 1 dor.ens of
otlitr wanted shapes. In georgette. wasJi silk,
fatin. organdy, tare and Ian; these are excep
tional values at 69c THREE
v
Gen. Foch Master Strategist
4
Twice Beats Huns Through Application of Military Science;
Slashing Man of Action Now Opposes German's Hordes
at Head of Allied Armies; Marshal Joffre Praises
Commander.
ihe V. W. C. A. building. The building and their contents were destroyed '
ha.-, been crowded during the nast l The rMile of th nr-.-iJ o.l. ' I
with the addition of the i Telenhnne mirnnnv k.h ' ......
year and
story It is thought that sufficient
rooms will he provided to rare for th
young Indies during the coming year.
aged a they hung just over one of the
hou-es. Service in the Tower portion
of the district was disabled there hut
for a short time. .Fireman Hicks was
slightly injured as the truck left the
noue Dy neing thrown against the
"The greatest strategist la Europo : staff at the head of the Saint Cyr Ca
and tho humblest." , dets in Longchamp on Bastille Day,
That Is Marshal Joffre's estimate of and so France knew him not. But Ger
Ferdinand Foch, now in supreme com-'many knew him even before her ar
mand of all the allied troops In the cm- mies met him at the Marne and Y;;res.
cial move to smother the. staggering i The Militar-Woehenblatt. organ of the
offensive Hindenburg, Germany"s cap- German general staff, some years ago
tain of death, under the eyes of the : ranked him as one of the greatest of
kaiser himself, is driving against the strategists.
British and French on the plains of I General Foch was born in Mctz, but
Picardy. the general, like Marshal Joffre, Is of
Twice before the Germans have j Basque parentage, his forbears for ma
stormed with Teutonic fury against an ! ny generations having lived in the
army commanded by Foch. Both times j mountains of Southern France. Like
the attackers greatly outnumbered Joffre, he has blue eyes and a fair com
Foch's command and both times the ! plexlon. but. except for that and for
onslaught was crushed before the elan i his guttural name, he is French
of the French troops, managed by his , through and through. He is 67 years
master hand. It was after those two. old.
tests ol his generalship first at the I Foch has long, we read, been sneered
Marne, where, with 120,000 men, he I at as a "professor," one who read and
ARE IN CITY.
W K Patterson and wife, of Canv
nea, are in the city for a few days and side ci the door.
win remain over tonnv Thev rormn
! the Smelter City as being about the ' HERE FROM GLOBE.
"u,l,r ! Charles Fraser and wife, of Globe,
, are in the city for a few days. Mr.
TAKEN TO HOSPITAL. , Fraser states that there was consider-
Mrs. Dave Foster was taken to the j able excitement in that city on Thurs
Copper Queen hospital yesterday day when Ludwlg Uerendt, a Globe
where she will undergo a minor opera-1 baker, was visiting by a committee of
tion that will.keep her there for four j citizers and forced to apologize pub
or jive (lays. j licly for an alleged insult of the Ameri-
i can Hag. He was also required to kiss
FCR LOS ANGELES. tn'; twice the' presence of a
Ahver Stanley and Matt Bano were 'nrnng on the mam street of Globe.
BENEFITED BY !T
'Tanlac Is Regular Stand-by
at Our House Now' Says
Mrs. Lankford.
7 f -
outgoing passengers on Friday night
for Lop Angeles on the Golden State
Limited, where they will remain for
soma time.
WOMAN'S LEAGUE.
The proceeds from the saH o re
freshments by the Woman's league of
the Presbyterian church at the-Warren
Park dance Saturday night were $2S.
This sum will go to the Red Cros3.
Lter n member of the committee
tacke'i an American flag on Uerendt'n
hom and at the same time informed
him that if the emblem was removed
during the period of the war, or if he
was ever accused of another insult to
the lap a coat of tar and feathers
awaited him.
18 ASSISTING.
Mrs William C. Luke is assisting in
the Third Liberty Loan drive in Up
per Lowell with Mrs. Hassinger and
Mrs. I'ailey. The three ladies promise
to maku an excellent showing from
that vicinity. 1
DID GOOD BUSINESS.
Tun Winton Stage line between here
and Douglas yesterday carried be
tween 125 and 130 passengers to Doug
las. All the regular stages carried a
full lead and four extra machines
were run to handle the crowds.
T i I J ' t
MAKING RATINGS.
R. A. Whitlock. of the Arizona In
surance rating office of Phoenix, is in
the city making ratings on the new
buildings that have been erected in
the uiatrict during the past few weeks.
He will be here for several days.
SPECIAL BOYS' MEETING.
A special meeting will be held In
the boys' department of the Y. M. C. A.
this afternoon for all the boys of the
Warren District. Song service at 3
p. m. An address by Jas. A. Hender
son at 3:30. Refreshments will be
setved.
PASSED EXAMINATION.
R C. Gesswein has returned frrm
El Paso where he went to take the ex-' Lee tc- wed Georgia Lee Walker, both
WAS IN CITY.
State Explosive Agent Ed. Shaw
was Jn the city yesterday on a short
visit on busipess connected with his
official position. He came over from
Tombstone with County Agent A. C.
Karger. and after conferring with the
locil representative. James Powell,
continued on to Douglas to confer with
W. U.W. G. Dunlap, the agent there.
It is the intention of the government
to put much stricter embargo on the
sales oi explosives, etc., than has been
done in the past. A new circular has
recently been issued that gives an
additional list of chemicals, etc., that
are not to be sold without a permit.
Mr. Shaw is making a trip to every
county in the state. Deputy Sherig
Harry Rafferty was with them on their
way o Douglas.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses
were issued out of the clerk's office at
Toinhi-ione during the past week: Al
vin 11. Hall to wed Charlotte E. Har
men, both of Douglas; George A.
Armstrong to wed Marie O. Cabell,
both tt Douglas; Allen R. Cidley to
wed Annabell Meadows, both of Doug
las; Elonzo Collins to wed Zida Moore,
both of Ft. Huachuca; George H. Mil
ler to wed Elizabeth Xeilsen, both of
Douglas; Joe Oliver to wed Mamie
Ezell. both of Buena; James Ferguson
to wed Ethel Schrimscher, both of
Bisbee; Carl ' Fletcher to wed Anna
Kinsey, both of Bisbee; Barney T.
"Yes, Tanlae Is a regular stand by at
my house now, for every member of
my family of six is taking it and im-
proving right along, while I myself
nave gained ten pounds, on two bot
tles," said Mrs. Elizabeth A. lank
ford. of 2811 Carolina street, Dallas,
Texas recently..
"Ever since I had that severe at
tack of grippe seven years ago," con
tinued Mrs. I .a nk ford. "I have beni in
mighty b&d shape. My stomach was
weak and after eating- nnvlliin? pas
would form from my undigested food
and swell me up till ! could hardly
breathe and kept me In misery nearly
all day. I fell off in weight and
strength, was badly constipated and
my kidneys worried me a whole lot.
My nerves wer- in such a wretched
state that I could hardly sleep at
night and I thought at times I would
just cough myself to death. My leet
would swell and ache from my stand
ing long at a time and when over I
stooped over my back hurt like it
wculd break in two.
"Hearing so imi Ji altout Tanlac' I
decided to et n b ti1e and I becan!
to improve right from the start. My
appetite grew til I can now eat and
digest anything I want, my kidney
don't bother me any more, my consti- j
pation tins been rcJieAed and that .
cough, nearly gone. sleep like a
child and get up- In the mornings feel-!
ing fresh as a daisy and I am well ;
and strong enonsh to look a:'ter the
welfare of niy family of Tanlac boo.--,
ers."
Tanlae is sold in Bisbee by J. Af.
Pall, in Douglas by Douglas Drug Co..
in Paradise by O. A. Walker, in Bowie
by Bowie Drug Store, in San Simon by
J. B. Cooke, in Willcox by A. A. Nichol
son, in Lowell by Loweil Drug Co., in
Benson by C. F. Moss Phcy., and in
Gleeson by B. A. Taylor. Adv.
r
M
ii DM'JU
PLAY DOUGLAS TODAY
amination for entrance into the hos
pital corps of the Navy. He passed
the examination and will now remain
here until called to report at the Mare
Island Navy Yard at San Francisco.
ROOMING HOUSE ROBBED.
The small rooming house at 111
Opera Drive was entered some time
Friday night and a number of the
rooms robbed. There was nothing
taken hut money from the pockets of
the various roomers. About $150 was
secured. There is no clue to the robber.
General Foch.
HAS RECOVERED. -
Mis Walter Melgren of Tombstone,
who has been at the Copper Queen
hospital for about two weens, nas sot;
j ficiently recovered so as to be able to
jlea'-c for her home at Tombstone to
! day. She underwent an operation for
j appeurtieities. Her husband Is Capt.
I Walter Melgren, who is nqw with the
j U. S Engineers in France.
stopped two hundred thousand Pms-1 read acain the campaigns of Caesar j r 7 A k ,'' p,i
iana inpiuiiino- fh icai.n n- r R- A. Kirfk, from Phoenix, is spend
and then at Ynres sir v.eeka Intor Un.t cU.crW l,uf, , inS few afly8 ,n district on a
w nero ne tnrew back the Germans : euvers. says Current Opinion.
With a Slashing Charce anl flDCTied the i tnnpht Ktratepv nt Iho irir nonil,-imv !
sluices upon them that Marshal Jof-! for years, being rated there a pedant,
fre named him as Europe's greatest ! slightly fantastical, with an obsession
Strategist. ! on the subject of Nanoieon. His active
years were thought to be over, for he
saw ten-ice In the campaign of 1870
and he has been troubled with rheuma
tism. Every ten years or so Foch
would bring out a new volume on some
technical aspect of strategy his spe
cialty. He does not seem to have giv
en himself forth as a tactician, despite
his minute study of artillery. Foch
went about the Creusot works for a
"Find the weak place and deliver
your blow there." .
Over and over agrun, Foch. when a
professor of tactics in a French war
college, used to drum that into his
classes. '
"But," a young officer once ventured. '
"what if there Is no weak spot?" I
"Then make one," the general thun- j
dered. i
Making a Weak Point i long time in a workman's blouse, for
And so far Foch always has been 1 he had been commissioned to make the
able to make a weak point. At the i official report on the gun that has
Marne, for instance, he saw that a gap t since done so much to the Germans
must be made between the Prussian j along the Marne and the Aisne.
Guard and the Saxon army, and even I Latin In Temperament
while his flanks were being driven : "Foch seems to impress all students
back he was able to bring up artillery of his character as nervous, not to say
enough to pound the flower of Prus- i impetuous, out of touch with all reali-
sia s army into the marshes of St. ty, apart from armv life, and a tyDical-
ly sojthern Latin in temperament. He
thinks much more of the essentially
Gallic qualities," says the Rome Tribu
i:a, "than docs the cool, careful Joffre.
Foch will go in for grand charges, tre-
strategical
know in
friends who are glad to see him. He
states that Phoenix is enjoying a pros
perous spring and that the valley this
year will produce considerably more
cotton than it did last year.
Gond and mal:e possible victory for
, France.
In the early days of the war Foch
was such a stranger to the French pub
lic that the Paris Temps had to correc t
tne rear that be was of German origin i mendous surprise, daring
because of bis Teutonic sounding name eoncentions what thev
His life had been spent studying and France asihe NaDoIeonic gesture. He
teaching military tactics, ile did not I thinks the French genius lends itself
even ride with the gayly bedecked to this, and Napoleon thought so, too."
SUNDAY PROGRAM AT Y.
Son service at 5:30 p. m.
Address. 5:00 p. m., by County At
torney J. W. Robs.
Fellowship Bible Sunday Club, 5:30,
Jas A. Henderson, leader.
Current Events Club, 7:00 p. ra., led
by Henry W. Aiken.
Subject: "Government Operation of
the Railroads.
All men of the Warren District are
invited to attend these meetings.
Additional Gty Briefs
j past two months. The McRaes wilt
! make their future home in El Paso,
'where Mr. Mcltae has a position with
GONE TO DENVER ' '" J,'"e and Smelter Supply Co. Mr.
A Mackenzie has' gone to Denver ; Mcn:!" was r(rinerly "h employe of
for b few days where he was calW tne C & A
on business matters. !
GRANTED A PENSION.
Peter Pitz. of Warren, has been
granted a pension cf ?21 per month
by t: U. S. pension bureau.
TO TOMBSTONE.
Manaper Kelly, of the Brophy Gar-
FOR PHOENIX.
Henry Myers and A. O. Boeves. oj
Phoenix, are in the city for a few days
on business and are registered at the
Copper Queen Hotel.
TRIAL POSTPONED.
The trial of Edward McMullan, who
was arrested by Deputy Sheriff James
u. uarnon on I nursnay night, was
postponed in Judge High's court yes
terday until next Wednesday. He en
tered e. plea of not guilty to driving
an auto while in an intoxicated con
dition The car he was driving was
badly damaged by running against the
street car bridge across the Warren
Hill gulch. He is a resident of Doug
las. Empty bottles that had contained
whiskey were found in the car.
TO COLORADO SPRINGS.
Mrs. E. Wills left yesterday morning
age ara Supply company, made a bust- 'or Colorado Springs. Colorado, wher3
sne. iMii spend the summer months on
a visit, to relatives.
WILL MEET IN TUCSON. t
The directors of the Arizona Mining
Congress will meet in Tucson begin
ning Monday and continuing for tirree
days They have been invited to meet
there by the Chamber of Commerce
at that place. The subjects to be dis
cussed will be along the line of pro
duction of copper at a maximum rate
so that the government can have the
uso of the metal to carry on the war.
Secretary Joe Curry and the other
members of the chapter in this city
will leave for Tucson on Sunday night.
of Paradise; Parel Kempik to wed
Katie Wells, both of Douglas; John W.
Epley to wed Josephine Arytirm. both
of Douglas; W. S. Kela to wed Lor
raine Plumley, both of. Douglas; Ercill
Daniel Mahar to wed Mildred Marie
Bahyer. both of Lowell.
A POOR EXHIBITION.
The ball game yesterday at Douglas
between the Douglas team composed
of members of the Douglas team and
a number of soldiers lined up against
a lot of players wearing the Cub uni
forms but there was but one or two of
the regular Chicago team in the line
up. Myers, who started to pitch tor
Douglas, pitched a good game for the
first four innings but received very
poor support and became diseouraged.
Weavei pitched for Chicago. Most ot
the crt-wd that was out to see the
game left about the seventh inning.
The final score as 15 to 9 in favor of
the Cubs. The largest portion of the
crowd that turned out to see the game
was made up of the soldiers from the
various regiments. Bisbee had about
200 representatives there. Errors were
numerous on both sides. The local
tean.i. put up a much better brand of
ball than was played there yesterday.
COPPER QUEEN TEAM
PLAYS THIS MORNING
Playing Manage,. Fred Carnes of the t
Copper Queen baseball team will lead
his hired bands onto the ball diamond j
at Warren this morning at io:so to
do battle with the Canyon Tigers of
this city in an exhibition clash which
will serve as a workout for the Queen
players for the league season.
Manager II. C. Heni3 last sent
transportation to Jake Wilson. Los
Angeles Coast league third baseman,
ard expects this player to arrive In
a few days to join the Copper Queen
tam. He is also after two outfielders
and a substitute fielder. With the ad
dition of these four men Carnes' team
shduld offer a lineup which will be
able to hold its own in the league.
The Quen players will hold regular
practice Monday afternoon, Wednes
day and Friday, to prepare for their
initial clash of the year Wednesday
afternoon, April 17, against the C. &
A. club.
Playing Manager Ed. Cowan of the
C. & A. nine is now in Texas sign
ing up some fast men for tha club
and with these players in fine con
dition from exhibition contests with
major league teams training in Texas
cities, should be ready to jump right
into harness when they arrive.
ness trip to Tombstone yesterday.
RETURNING TO BISSEt
Mx. and Mrs. M. J,
returned to lay from
where tliey have bfeu
days.
Ctuin:nsl:rm
Ixis Aiit'i'le;
ppenJing ten
FOP RIVERSIDE.
Joe McDomie left Friday night on
tne Golden State Limited for River-
WiLL APPEAR MONDAY.
Peail Starr, alias Rose Reed, and
her daughter, Billie Anderson, will ap
pear in the city court before Judge
Thomas on Monday afternoon to ans
wer charges involving a violation of
the city ordnance. The former la
charged with running a disorderly
house and the latter with being an in-
Calif,ornla'- whe he wUI remaln mate thereof. Both women were
VISITING SISTER.
Mrs. L. E. Miller, of
for a number of months.
Goldthwaite. ' ATTENDED GROCERS MEETING.
Texas, is in the district for a few Peter Kemier and E. G. Ruffner,
weeks and is the guest of her sister, "ccery salesmen for the Phelps Dodge diBtr!ct before
.is. a. i. iioy. : i "'"i "i , nufniieii me county grocers
; meeting in Douglas yesterday.
MPS H'cPAF LEAVES.
G. S. .Mcflae and little dauebter ' ADDING NEW STOnv
rested by police officers on Thursday
night after they had been watching
the house for some time. They were
both fotmer residents of the Red Light
it was closed.
left yesterday morning on the Golden i Carpenters have been busy the past
State Limited for El Paso to join .Mr. 'week in starting the work that will
Mcltae, who has b.een there rtr n,,- moi". the erection of another story to
SMALL BLAZE.
The fre department was called out
yesterday morning a little after eight
o'clock to put out a fire in a lot of
Mexican shacks on the east side of
Dubacher Canyon. Two small houses
RED GROSS VESPER
AT Y. W. BUILDING
Special music and several special
talks will be features of the regular
weekly vesper service at the Young
u omens Christian association build
ing this afternon from 4:30 to 5:30
n'clock. The public is cordially in
vited to att?nd the services.
Dr. C. H. Harshraan will speak to
the audience on the general work of1
the Red Cross. He will be followed 1
by Miss Charlotte jDavis who will j
speak of the association's work and j
its relations to the Red Cross. Mies'
McConoughy will give a piano solo
and other special music has been ar- j
ranged. j
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
Local baseball fans are promised a
real treat this afternoon at th War
ren baseball park, when the Doug
las team, which yesterday played the
Chicago Cubs, will hook up with the
Junction Briggs team of Bisbee. The
local nlayers have not been able to
get off to practice as much as they
should have done, yet expect to give
a good account of themselves.
Manager Oscar Oilman's c lub boasts
of some clever players and with the
proper amount of work at the dia
mond should give the other two clubs
of th Warren District baseball league
a hot battle this season.
Oill Pitman, playing pilot of the
Junction Briggs club, will hav? Tonne
man, coast leaguer, behind the plate
today with Red Toner and Lefty Har
ris, two crack flingers, alternating on
the slab.
Pitman will cavort at hassock num
ber one, while Johnny Blrkel at sec
ond and Harry McArdle at short, both
coast leaguers, will care for the key
stone station duties. Johnson, a prom
ising young coast pastimer, will hold
down the hat corner while Jennings,
Stewart. Bijohn and Barnhill are to
corral the tall ones in the outer pas
tures. The Douglas team claim to hav- a
strong aggregation, with Fred Brainer,
former Ne- York Giant, lcadiug the '
club. Stabler, formerly in the Amer-j
lean association, Morehead of the N-w
England league and Armstrong, will ;
comprise the Douglas infield with i
Milan. Backus, Ramsey, Stacy, Wilson j
and Morrison in the outfield. Wolga-
mot will catch with Meyer3 and Far
well pitching.
Play will start 'at ZfSO aad an ad
mission of thirty-five cents will b?
charged. A week from today will
mark the grand opening of the War
ren District baseball league, when the
C. & A. and Junction Briggs teams
tangle.
liter oavs
Don't Spend Money
Like a Sailor Ashore
Be careful what you buy,
HOOVERIZE from every
standpoint. You'll do your
self the best "turn" you
ever did, if thij spring you
buy one of our
Stadium
AND
Gold Bond
SUITS
The result will be that you'll
look well dressed and keep
on looking that way all of
the season.
The reason is quality in
materials, high - class tailor
ing and smartly designed
styles.
We also carry a large as
sortment of Stetson hats, a
complete line of dress shirts
and fancy cravats. Come in
and learn the economy in
buying these high - grade
lines of merchandise.
SOLE AGENTS FOR THE "JUST WRIGHT
FAMOUS SHOE FOR MEN.
1 Jf
1 1 e ji
d ma is
Iran
Ins DzsxJAhrays,
)
Wholesale P
This Is Your Last Chance
TO BUY
Shoes at Less Than
rices
FOR THIS BIG SACRIFICE SALE MUST END THIS WEEK AS
OUR BIG SHIPMENT OF NEW STOCK WILL
ARRIVE IN A FEW DAYS.
You must act NOW if you wish to take advantage of this wonderful
opportunity as we must clear our shelves of the remaining shoes be
fore the end of the week in order to make way for our new stoc.
Work Shoes Dress Shoes Hand Made Shoes
Shoes of all descriptions are included in this great sals. Absolutely
nothing h reserved and you may select any shoes from our big stock
at less than wholesale prices during the rest of the week.
Those who come early will secure the best bargains, S3 make ar
rangements to attend this big closing out sale. It will mean a big sav
ing in dollars to you as well as securing a fine pair of serviceable shoes.
ELECTRIC SHOE
BREWERY GULCH BISBEE
SHOP THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, APRIL 7, 1918.
FOUR
Elf? Sister DatUt 2R?ufcui.
PUBLISHED EVERY DAY EXCEPT MONDAY BY THE
STATE CONSOLIDATED PUBLISHING COMPANY.
THE HUN AT HOME-
MULLEN A. CAIN..
..Editor and General Manager
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
The Associated Press is exclusively entitled to the
use for republication of all news dispatches credited 10
it or not otherwise credited to this paper and also the
local news published herein.
All rights of republication of special dispatches herein
are also reserved.
Entered as Second Class Mail Matter at Bisbee, Arizona,
Under Act of March 8, '879.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES, PAYABLE IN ADVANCE:
i-ER MONTH
z.-a
4.00
" 7.50
2.60
.75
THREE MONTHS !
SIX MONTHS
TWELVE MONTHS
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per year
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per quarter
No Subscription Taken For Less Than 75 Cents.
Wilson Picks Up
The Gauntlet
President Wilson's Baltimore speech is
more epochal than any of his famous war
documents and messages. It picks up the
gauntlet thrown down by Germany in her
moment of lustful pride over the collapse
of Russia. She has laid her actual war aims
bare. Her evil face now looks forth with
brazen effrontery from the respectable
house builded by her former words of
peace and propiation. !n words from which
there can be no drawing back, our president
at Baltimore, a year after entering the
war, pledges his great nation to a decision
by force and not by peace sessions and
compromises.
France and England, sore stricken, but
glorious still in, their hour of trial, listen
with eager ear and shining eye to these
great words of faith and courage. Yes,
there is no doubt of.it, President Wilson at
Baltimore stands stronger and speaks more
enduring and fateful words than ever he
has spoken before.
It is life and death with America now.
Whatever fate may befall others, we must
go on until a final decision is reached. W e
must go on like France, which a French
man pledged the other day to fight until
all her men were gone ; and then until her
wemen were gone; and her children; and
then, declared this dauntless Gaul, "The
dead will arise and fight again!"
President Wilson at Baltimore spoke
like another Pitt when he committed Eng
land to the cause against Bonaparte until
Bonaparte should fall. Li'xe Washington
at Valley Forge; Like Grant at Appomat
tox. His words will give the nation a new
courage and a firey resolution. It will
strength every allied soldier's arm and
it will nerve every patriot to new sacrifice
and every loyal man to a supreme confi
dence in the final result.
The sublime confidence and inflexible
resolution of these words in raising the iron
glove of the Prussian from soil consecrated
by heroes and martyrs comes like a bugle
call at dawn to dissipate the mists of the
Austrian perfidy in trying to palliate
against the force and effect of the recent
allied union by talking peace while Aus
train and German soldiers pressed on in
war and conquest.
But the patience and forbearance and
kindness of the American spirit, long im
posed upon by sneering and dishonorable
enemies, has hardened to granite; Ameri
can meekness, heated white hot, has
broken into flame. And, as is always the
case with those ,of this type and reed,
when aroused they never turn back until
they have accomplished their terrible pur
pose. Germany may well shudder and grow
sick at heart at the Baltimore speech. It
spells her doom. To France it will come
like another white plume of Henry of
Navarre. And to Engalnd like a staunch
brother's call and sword across the stricken
field.
We have been in the war for a year,
now, and are just beginning to get ready
to fight in earnest, still depending upon the
allies for artillery and airplanes. Looks a
little bit discouraging, but the nex t six
months will begin to show real results of
all the preparation and organization and
assembling and building and training and
spending we have done. The hardest and
most trying period is over. The things that
do not shew upon the surface have been
done. We have a million and a half of
men under arms, and that is more than
were in arms on both sides in our great
Civil war after the third year. Judged by
the past we ruive done wonders; judged by
the present speed and scale of war we have
only done fairly well.
Thursday night on the streets of Bisbee,
city patrolmen arrested a man who admits
he is a German. In his possession the of
ficers found a large, heavy calibre pistol.
An American in Germany found in poj
session of arms of any character would be
facing the firing squad inside a few hours.
In Bisbee, this pistol-armed German was
tried before a city magistrate, fined fifty
dollars and sentenced to ten days in jail.
Friday, at Collinsville, Illinois, a Ger
man was hanged by a mob cf citizens, be
caused he was supposed to be a disloyalist.
The leniency with which disloyalists had
been handled in , the past prompted the
deed, according to the mayor of Collins
ville. "We arrested a man charged with disloyalty last
Sunday," he said. "But because of insufficient evi
dence under the present law we were unable to hold
him. The crowd last night evidently believed that an
other disloyalist was about to escape and took, the
matter into their own hands. This deplorable act
merely emphasizes the necessity for a drastic law to
apply in such cases."
In every state in the union disloyalists
have been disposed of in one way or an
other by citizens' leagues in the past week.
In Arizona several instances have been
cited. Friday a pro-German in Globe was
forced publicly to kiss the flag which he
had slandered. In Jerome last -week one
pro-German was lashed with a wet rope,
and another was given a coat of tar and
feathers. Warren district citizens, tired of
waiting on the government authorities to
lead to justice a Hun agent, and he left the
district in extreme haste to report to his
superiors in Phoenix.
Lack of severe laws whereby pro-Germans,
alien enemies, propagandists, I. W.
W., pacifists and agitators may be dealt
with severely, has led in every instance to
these acts of violence, deplorable as they
are.
Consider the man arrested at Bisbee,
sentenced to fifty dollars fine and ten days
in jail ! He may be a spy there are many
thousands of them at liberty in the country.
We do not seek' to convict him of this
crime. We do not pry into his past, or his
personal affairs. We admit he may have
connections with the German underground,
through which information is carried 'by
. the way of Mexico to the kaiser. We realize
Prussian espionage is rampant in America
and recognize the Mexican route. We have
seen and felt the power of. pro-Germaniim,
of the agitator, propagandist, 1. W. W. and
disgruntled pacifist. We know German
propaganda is an odorless, tasteless, color
less, subtle poison which slowly eats it way
to the heart of society. . We may even
think that an armed German in this coun
try must surely carry a potion of propa
gandist poison.
Arizona is helpless to pursue other than
the course already taken with this German.
The state has no law for action against
alien enemies save where, as did this Ger
man, alien enemies lay themselves open to
old statutes. The United States, unless
the secret service can pry up facts to war
rant trial for espionage, will not prosecute
the men.
Every instance of this character is added
testimony to the ned of drastic remedy.
Conditions should be adjusted to the ex
igencies of the day. An armed German in
Arizona to jail for ten days! An armed
American in Germany goes to the grave!
The balance of justice is far from equita
ble, in either case. The one is a travesty on
justice; the other a crime on humanity.
The one is needless carelesness; the other
needless severity. An even, equitable jus
tice should be provided to apply in such
cases.
When Arizona has a law which will per
mit the state to prosecute alien enemie;.
pro-German, propagandists, 1. W. W., agi
tators and pacifists; which will permit the
state to intern such rabid, injurious, perfi
dious characters until the end of the war
makes them valuless to the enemy; which
will provide an arm of defense to society,
industry, production, capital and labor
when such a statute is provided, then and
not until then, will an absolute guarantee
against deplorable violence be assured..
The governor of the state may pave the way
to such an equitable ground when he calls
the special session of the legislature, by in
cluding an anti-alien enemy provision in
his message. The Review believes the
governor should provide this safeguard to
state and nation.
Gen. Ferdinand Foch: "An army con
quers, not with material, but by sheer force
of will."
Early spring days witness increased
building activity in the district, but the sup
ply of houses avdilable an hi bight is far be
low the demand.
A TERRIBLE INSTANCE
OF GERMAN CRUELTY
A Bisbee lady brought to the editor
of the Review yesterday a statement
furnished by a friend in England to
the Whitehaven paper in Cumberland
regard-ng first hand knowledge of
German cruelty and murder that is
past belief. Yet it is true, just the
same. This man, W. H. Chapman, is
a most reputable and reliable gentle
man, known for years by this Bisbee
lady. In his statement be says:
' The following facts may be useful
to pacifists, conscientious objectors,
and- lovers of Germany. A certain
t.u L,lisii lady was recently confined
in Brussels.
"When the child was three weeks
old she obtained au order from Von
Hssing, the governor, to return to
England. During the railway journey
to the sea coast some German offic
ers entered the compartment. The
child cried and could not be quited,
and the officers expressed their an
noyance. The crying continued, when
one of the olficers said to tne moin
er: "If you cannot quiet the child,
I will."
"He then seized the child and
threw it from the carriage window,
the train at the time traveling at full
speed. The mother is now in England
but is insane. If any one of your read
ers doubts this story, I am prepared
to satisfy them with its accuracy."
SiiftfM
THERE'S A FASCINATION
IN WATCHING THE
WORKERS ON "SAC HILL
County Briefs
Kctert I). Richardson has been ap
pointed postmaster at Cochise, vice
ltobert L. Suney resigned.
A. E. Merriman, formerly at Tomb
stone and employed with the Bun
ker Hil! company, has gone to Doug
las, where he has taken the place as
cashier of the municipal water depart
ment. Mrs. Merriman will leave with
in a few days.
formal M. Goin at Stark. Cochise
c:uuty. vice Solomon F. Pyle, resigned.
Tre post office at Menzora, Cochise
county, has been discontinued; mail
to Cochise.
Edward I. Perind has been appointed
mail, 1 -tier carrier at Tucson and
Frank E. Quimby at Cochise.
Tl-e pmrtlovps of the Conn?,. Oueen
i s-ni: Itrr hve formed six societies for
the pun haze of baby bonds and the
! competition between thera promises
I to be keen. J. N. Gaines, southern
Cochise director of sales, announce'..
The employes of the C. & A. smelter
ere expected to follow suit.
George Ivey, formerly master me
chanic for the. Bunker Hill company,
yesterday received at Tombstone
word from the ship yards to bold him
self ready to report on short notice.
Mr. Ivey registered as a volunteer
when the registration was being con-
' duct el over a month ago, and expects
to be called at any time. He expects
to be called to the Pacific coast.
Thomas Masilko, who lives six miles
f-?8t of illcox, has caught more than
V!:i rabbits since November 1st, by
actual count. Tees? were mostly cot
tontails and were caught with the aH
of eight steel traps. The rabbits have
teen fed to the hogs and chickens.
Such a campaign by every fanner
would soon bring a decrease in the
number of rabbits.
Tuesday R. E. Souers, superintend
ent of the Douglas schools, received
notification that he bad been given a
post as secretary in the war camp com
niunify service, the activities of which
are In both war and navy departments
Mr. Souers bas been expecting the
place, and bad told some of bis close
friends that he probably would be as
signed to the community work.
Senator C. M. Hoberts has sold hi
hanches and catt'.e to J. Lv Misen
himer and Gordon Page. The ranches
include about iOoo acres of patented
land and about 8000 or more acres oi
e.is.i lanH tocether with about 700
or more head of cattle. It is one of
tne test of the smaller cattle out
fits in this section of. the country.
The consideration has not been made
public. Mr. Roberts will make his
home at VVillcox for a while at least.
Acceding to advices received in
Douglas from the Associated Press,
Brig. Gen. W. "L. Kxnly, favorably
knowu in Douglas, and at one time sta
tioued here as lieutenant colonel of
the Sixth field artillery, is now as
signe.l to the aerial division of the ar
my. The dispatch bays that Gen. Ken
ly, in company with Major C. K. Rhine
hard', flying in a 200-horse-powtr
bombing airplane from San Antonio to
an unmuned destination, had, on Tues
day, landed in Kansas City, .Mo.
A meeting of the directors of the
Douglas Texas society has been called
for nex.' Monday afternoon at two
o'clock in the office of S. W White,
president of the society, to arrange for
Texas Day, which will le observed at
McXeal to commemorate the indepen
dence of the Lone Star state from Mex
ican rule. On account of San Jacinto I
I)av talline on Sunday, this year, the I
! celebration w ill be held on April 20, j
I instead of April 21, as heretofore. (
! There w ill be a big barbecue and a i
I program of events to keep the Long
! horns entertained throughout the day,
' and one or two prominent speakers
;wiU be on hand to make patriotic ad
. dresses
B. O. Payne was appointed fair com
missioner aualn for Cochise comity
Tor HIS. Cochise county is to be
c Humiliated upon b 'ing able to se
cure Mr. Payne's services for another
year. He can hardly afford to do
ihis work, as lie owns a nice bunch 'f
stock and his own work must neces
sarily lie neglected, but in ' super
visors would not let him say v. No
butter man can be found for this wo. k
and no man will work harder for hii I
boost the agricultural iuterests ol C;
ihtso county than Mr. Payii". The
tnwrH of supervisors as well .is the
leui'ie of Cochise county are fortunate
la being able to retain UiuJ lor this
important position.
Gerald Sherman, superintendent of'
the topper Queen mines, took the
novspaper man up on Sacraaiento Hill
tne otner day, and thereby hangs a
tale, it only tins writer could tell it.
but the scope of the work is too vast
and the mining man talked to the
newspaper man in a language of his
own anu his blueprints of tne future
were mysteries to the layman's eye.
But one or two things on that hill '
stood out so strongly that tne news-
paper man cannot well help but write 1
cf them.
"Sac" hill does not look so very big '
from the roadway down in the canyon '
The lone point remaining upon the ;
crest of the hill looks like a frail '
house of cards ready to fall at a blow 1
But when one goes on foot to climb '
this hill it is as high as a cat's back.
And that little point, so weak and ;
linn trom the roadway, is, when you
get up close to it, a colossal mass of
apparently unassailable rock; the
core of tne hill, so to speak, and, like ;
all cores, twisted and gnarled until j
its stratas look like the muscles of
an athlete's arm. :
They are cutting into that hill from
four levels, each one sixty feet apart. ;
Climbing to the first level over loose
rocks and rubbish and dirt, one is
not so impressed with the. difficulty
of the task as with its size. But up
close to the top the rock walls of that
hill stand out as stubborn and unyield ;
ing as the British armies in their
present lines. Those great rocks are
so hard that they actually look blue in
their terrible resistance to the high
explosive that had split their faces ,
without dislodging them. 1
Down at the foot of these sixty foot,
stone walls were little and puny look-'
ing drills, appearing not unlike ma
chine gtins set at twenty foot intervals
to conquer the armies of a mighty
nation.
Ana these little drills sting deep in
to, the rock, twenty feet on au aver-'
age, and 'ugh explosive is the poison
at the end of the stinger. Thus is the
giant overcome, as giants have always
been by small and intelligent and res- '
olute foes since the world began.
The newspaper man looked with an
astonishment that grew to wonder at '
the tremendous difficulties of the task ;
before these men who would move a !
mountain, piece by piece and rock by
rock, from its base. He thought of
the old saying in Islam, "1 he moun- '
tain would not come to Mohamet so j
Mohamet had to come to the moun
ta.n." and he quoted it to. Mr. Slier-!
man and asked him if he w as not fly-1
ing in the face of Islam. j
"Yes, replied the mine superin
tendent, but not in the face of the
holy scriptures: "Faith will move
mountains," you knoV, it says in the
bible."
Faith! Yes, that was it. That is
the weight in the scales that decided
the Copper Queen men to move ,
"Sac" lull, and that is the motive be
hind the moving and the delays and
the obstacles and the accidents and
the difficulties.
They had just fired seven shots on
the next level and the fumes of the j
high explosive lingered still in the i
air. Against the side of the shattered j
cliff lay rocks larger than the one that I
crushed Porthos at Belle Isle. No gi-1
ant could lift them, and so they were
being; cut with small hand drills so
they could be blown to smaller pieces j
and transported down the mountain
by the ore trains ,to the dump. The
men with the drills standing on these
fragments of the mountain looked
like ants on these massive pieces of
stone. One of these rocks had fallen
on the railroad track and broken the
ties and bent a steel rail as though it
were a knitting needle.
Walking around the corner of the
hill the newspaper man came upon a
giant steam shovel. A littlo further
on was another one; and still another.
On the next level there were two or
three more. Scorpions nestling
against the giant's cheek. Puny and
weak they looked upon that massive
shelf of rock, but the power of ten
thousand horses lurked in their wire
ropes and steel shells and beams and
furnace smoke.
Walking around the rock .sidre that
still surmounts the crest of "Sac" hill,
standing out against the onslaught ol
drill and explosive and steam shovel
like a machine gun battery on a
stricken field, the newspaper man
looked down almost sheer upon the
Naco road, fringed with houses, and
the El Paso and Southwestern rail
road tracks one-third of the way up
the hill. Ah, here was the knot and
vortex and stubbore heart of.tlie trou
ble of tearing down "Sac" hill. Even
rliu t-nnructif-Mfl pvp unit fi'hlp under
standing of a writer for engineering
problems could see the great difficul-!
IV I
"SAC" HILL MI ST BE TORN' A N I ) j
CLAWED AND BLASTED DOWN:
AND YET ALL THE ROCKS AND
FLYLVG PARTICLES MUST FALL
THE OTHER WAY!
That crest of rock must be blown
off the mountain and all of it must
fall on the one side, so that life and
property and the flow of traffic up
and down the canyon will not be en
dangered. Shots placed within these,
rock walls must be weighted aud
timed and balance,) so that they will
lift to the foot and to tlio pound and
no more.
Only one rock has rolled down upon
the danger side of the hill and that
rue. smashed a, chicken coop. The
workmen may well be proud of this
record
print and tne duuuetions of the" geol
ogist, impressed the newspaper man
as a battle with nature. These work
men were ants with steel pincers, and
their machines were liaboncal in their
strength and endurance, and their
high explosives were more deadly
than a. volcano's wratu. Honestly, to
the lav man's eye it looKs impossible,
even now. With so much of the work
done, to tear down this mountain. Its
ircn and granite sides have only been
scratched and scarred. What a con
flict! Irresistable force against an
immovable body. The ore trains with
thtir steam engines winding around
and around the switchbacks that gir
dle the hills like threads on a Bpool,
look like a child's toys. They carry
rock aud dirt away by the thousands
of tous and yet that mountain stands
there as massive and as mocking and
as immovable as the mountain to
which Mohamet came so many centur
ies ago.
But faith will move this mountain.
Faith, with her dauntless children;
Courage, Resolution, Labor, Skill, Pa
tience and Endurance.
During all of the visit to "Sac" hill,
and the long walk and hard climb, Mr.
Sherman indulged In no vain boasting
about what had been done upon this
mountain or what he was going to do.
Facing a gigantic task, be was con
fident and hopeful and determined.
Cautious in his claims, facing his dif
ficulties, considering everything but
defeat.
Turning hack for a last look from
the base of the hill, the newspaper
man saw tne great walls of rock and
the buttresses of loose stones and the
frowning battlements, and here and
there appeared a workman, a mere
speck on the face of the mountain,
and he saw also the rows of little ma
chine gun drills under the ledges of
rock, and the steam shovels that are
the Jack the Giant Killers in this bat
tla against tremendous odds. And the
scene impressed him deeply. Here
were the forces of nature In all their
grandeur, stronc; and disdainful as the
Hun, and opposing them was mere
man, looking so puny and frail and
insignificant upon the vast screen of
the mountain in the spotlight of the
sun and engulfed by the depths and
the distar.oes. But the brain spark
lights his way and the heart beat
nerves him and the glow of his soul
inspires him, and his intelligence and
bis organization and his persistance
wll carry him through to a victory
over all this dull and inanimate rock.
Consider, friends, these workmen
on "Sac" hill are engaged upon one
of the seven industrial wonders of the
world. It ranks in magnitude with
the building of the pyramids. How
many mountains have been removed
by man since God made the mountains?.
help in a great cause. Their decision
means Just that much mora material
available for uniforms for the men
in battle. With every man, woman
and boy in America showing just this
same spirit the output of the country
in all essentials for American and al
lied fighters would be doubled.
This newspaper man congratulates
these boys upon their unselfish decis
ion. These overalls are a uniform as
fine as any blue and braid ever worn
by a major general upon a stricken
field.
A BOY, A BUGLE.
AND A THRILLED
SPANISH WAR VET.
Brief State Notes
Articles of incorpc ration were filed
Wednesday by the Unwonta I .And &
Zinc company and the Purity Soda
works.
An avrage of nine arrests daily
were made during the month of March
in t;.o tity of Phoenix. During the
period of 31 days of the month exact
police docket, and it wasn't a very
busy month at tlfrf. As in other
recent months, traffic violations com
prised the bulk of business, although
there were 81 arrests for investiga
tion aud SO on charges of being drunk
and disorderly.
Dr. C. F. Norman, forme rsnperin
tendent of the state hospital for the
Insane, was arrested in Phoenix Tues
day, charged with rape, and arranged
before Judge Wheeler in the justice
court. The offense with which Nor
man is charged is alleged to have
been committed last fall, about fair
week, at the county hospital, upon the
person of Ethel E. Murphy, a trained
nurse.
With a majority of 10.314 votes
Frank M. Wilkinson won over Frank
H. Parker as president of the Water
Users' association of the Salt River
valley at the election held in the ten
districts Tuesday. The proposal to
build the Verde Dam 'oT the benefit of
the project land was carried by over
four to one. With the second pre
cinct from the fifth district yet to be
heard from, the vote stands 56,2il for
and 12.171 against.
A family feud in the Pay son dist
rict was brought to a close in the
just'ea court at Pine Saturday after
noon, when Mrs. Mollie Pyeatt, wife
of a w ill known cattleman, was put
uuder $3C0 peace bond and her son-in-law.
V. H. Anderson, was fined $40
or carrying a concealed weapon.
This information was brought back to
olobe last Sunday evening by Sherif"
Tcm Arnier an1 Assistant County At
torney John M. Feiir of Gila county,
who straightened out the trouble.
A Bisbee man who had seen service
in the Spanish American war came to
the newspaper man's den the other
day with a little story he was glud to
tell, and it surely fell upon apprecia
tive and listening ears. "I'p on the
hill near my house." went on this
Spanish war veteran, "lives a boy
who is a member of the high school
cadets, and not long ago be got hold
of a bugle and made life a burden for
me while he was learning to blow it.
I ut now it thrills me to hear hiin
sound the ejd army calls in a silver
peal.
"He has mastered that bugle, has
this boy, aud he sounds the daylight
reveille and the mess call and taps
like a real soldier man. I'm for that
boy strong, and I wish you'd tell the
district about him."
So Is the newspaper man for that
boy, and surely he will tell as best he
can. That little old bugle call brought
into being by those boyish lips and
that eager young heart echoes against
the mountains and goes on aud on
across the land. It is the call of a
brave and free race to the tyrant and
the bully the world over.
The Spanish war veteran admired j
the boy's skill with the biis-le. The
newspaper man admires the spirit be
hind that bugle call. In t.iis boys;
heart burns the same flame that sent 1
the scores of W arren district men to !
war and that animates the Red Cross
work and the Liberty Loan subscrlp-'
tic.ns and that commits this district i
to the var to the end.
Here's to the little cadet boy with,
ti e big huUe. Of cour.-.c he can blow j
that bugle well; his heart is in his ef
fort to be able to sound the long call ;
that will summon America in a solid
front to tame the Prussian beast.
Judge Oscar Pease, grand exalted
ruler, installed the following officers
of the Elks' lodg-j Tuesday night: Ex
alted iuter, Samuel G. Bailey; leading
knight, Frank B. Kendall; loyal knight
Dan R. Brewster; lecturiug knight. W.
C. D'dge; secretary. Julian Johnson:
treasurer, Shelton MacK'miie; repre
sentative to the grand lodge, Giad
t;ne MacKenzie; trustee, J. Cress
Myers; Tyler, Major I. Neustatt-:r.
Halo Clippe rwas appointed esquire
by Exalted Ruler Bailey, who an
nounced that he wold make the other
appointments later.
Capt. Thomas Ryning has resigned
his position as chief o fthe police re
serves of Phoenix, and leaves shortly
for Snn Diego to resume bis work
there as a conti actor. Captain Ryn
ing came to Arizona a year ago and
organized the police reserves, of whicn
he has been commander for the past
year. His successor has not yet been
appointed, but will doubtless be chosen
from the ranks of the police reserves
and will not be asked to give his
whole time to the work as Captain
Ryning has been doing.
Twelve men were released on Reir
ow n recognizance by Judge Stanford in
the superior court of Maricopa county
on charges of gambling. The court
said the cases against them would
eith:-r be dismlsser or the men given
suspended sentences, giving as bis
reason that the state acquiesced in
gambling when it permi'ted slot ma
chinos to be used in the county. The r
slot machines upon hich the men
played were placed in business places
throughout the county by Lou E.
Hoeye, said County Attorney Laney.
Hoeye was fined $-00.
By the organization of the National
Association of Securities commission
ers in Chicago last week, state cor
poration commissions will discourage
all promotions which do not directly
assist the government on its present
war fco:ing, according to Mark Dun
bar, who has just returned to Phoe
nix from Chicago, where he repre
sented the Arizona corporation com
mission at a meeting of blue sky of
ficials They organized the National
Association of Securities Commission
ers upon advice of Secretary McAdoo.
wr.o asked that corporation commis
sions assist in the conservation of the
loanable wealth of the country
THESE BISBEE BOYS
SHOW THE SPIRT THAT
WILL WIN THE WAR
Somehow, this whole al work on
tiiis mountain with its soft ami stub-:
born Ktrat is of rock and i's ut vv d'f
flcultles aud problems art.-ing ver (
day set at naught the lines of the blue-
'ritii.g in t lie Paris Matin, a fam
ous French authority declares that
the spirit of the peoples of England.
Frauce and America will win the war
and not alone guns and carnage on
the battlefields. An example of this
spirit oi which the Frenchman wrote
s i wumli-riully was sluiwn here in
Bisbee last week by the Ixiys of the
eighth grade of the new high school
up Tombstone Canyon. They begin
work in their handsome new school
building this coming week. And In
order that there might be no mistake
as to where they stand in regard to
the war. these youngsters met the
other dav and det ided to we.tr over
alls to school during the remainder
of the war.
This is culy u drp in tiie bucket of
war. but it i the drops that 'fill the
b.nktt to tin- brim The t-puit
llii'ie Tlitne luixs ate w illiuj to sac
rifice pride iu order to do a little to
Jerry Hanlcy. well known miner,
was killed at 10 o'clock this morn
ing, when timbers in the tunnel of
a lease which he was working near
the Gibson Consolidated Copper com
pany property caved in and burled hiiu
fneath the muck.
When the rescuing party from sur
rounding properties succeeded fh
r--ac!iln g the bedy, they found bis head
hent over hiB cheat and Jiis neck
broken. Hanlcy lived in Globe and
Miami for the past twenty-years, but
etiorts to discover his relatives so
far have been unavailing.
Because tlr-re is no provision under
the laws of Arizona for the organiza
tion and maintenance o." home guards
the I' uited Slates government has
ordered the return of guns and am
munition now in possession of the
Globe home guards, according to 1 W.
Lowenthal. private secretary to Gov
erncr Hunt . Iiwenthal referred to a
published acuoiint of a meeting held
In tilobe .Monday nitlht. at which time
a protest to the war department was
divMi up Tlnee hundred citizens met
wit Uthe Globe home guards, accord
piotented "over the action of Governor
G. W. P. Huut." i
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, APRIL 7, 1918.
FIVE
v
WEEKLY NEWS LETTER YOUNG
HHPS CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION
OF WARREN MINING DISTRICT
Bringing Up Father Abroad at Orpheum WednesdauSTVDmvsUA:vzrmz I coast boxer will
' 1 J TIME AT CADET HOP, BOX LOCAL Mil
1IDDLE
A. Mather Hilburn, another number ! Poppe, Ernest Beier, Frank L. Worth-
of the association's lyceum and en
tertainment course, made his appear-
ance at the Y. M. C. A. gymnasium
bn Tuesday night at 8 o'clock. He
played to a full house. His big stunt
was "The Bachelor's Romance," in
which he talked to all his former
sweethearts, and you could almost im
agine them replying to him. His wig
and paint make-un is excellent: One
minute, he seems a very old, decripit,
doddering man; the next minute, he is
young and spry as a boy.
, ington, S. P. Jewell, L. T. Pattinscn.
it. L. mompuon. e. L. Uiair, Henry
Wm. Aiken, Angeles Rogokis, George
Nickols C. W. Lynn, Jesus Rodrl
quez. Dr. C. G. Gould, H. W. Eason,
Dr. C. H. Tuell, Leonard Koch, j. J.
Whire, A. F. Deborra, H. Clerk, Jesus
Villarial, Geo. C. Dix, L. H. Bovee.
Arthur Strandberg, W. G. Reagan,
John Corkeh. N. A. Brown, Wm.
Greene, Geo. C. Cromartie, E. V
Johns, A. J. Hesse, Chas. Sawyer.
On last wheatless Wednesday even
ing, Mrs. Wilkam Tonkin on the "Y"
alleys made two excellent scores 236
and 241. Mrs. Tonklin has been
placed on the men's first team for the
present We consider her a very valu
able asset to the team.
The Electric club meeting this Tues
day discussed principles al electricity.
G. S. Horton, an enthusiastic mem
ber of the "Y". for the last four months
left for his home at Comptoa, Cal.
Mr. Horton waa employed by the
Wootton Hardware & Plumbing company.
The ping pong tournament prog
resses slowly. George Gregovich de
feated Carl Bresler. 6to 0. Eddie
Clement won from Phil Nowlan, 6 to
west on March 30, is getting better
rapidly. Meanwhile he is enjoying the
easy chairs in the lobby.
We are receiving encouraging leters
from General Secretary Richardson al
most daily He is slowly improving,
and has overcome that tired, sleepy
feeling that almost overwhelmed him
for the first eight or ten days after
his arrival in Los Angeles. He is con
stantly under the care of Dr. Lyman
B. Perry, and several specialists.
The mining club met Thursday at
1:30 and 7:70 p. m. Mr. Gidley, of
the Southwest mine and the vice-presi
dent of this institution, spoke on the
square set method of timbering. He
not only detailed fully the nature of
the system, but gave its history, il
lustrating his remarks. Exceptionally
interesting were his descriptions of
the Home Stake mine in the Black
hills, an dof th-J Iron Country hi Michi
gan. His illustrations, prepared with
with great care for the baJopticon.
were first rank and w-ell worth keep
ing as a permanent record.
Arthur Hill, employed at the Jun
tion and Col? shafts for the last four
months, left last Monday for El Paso
to take the naval examination for
the medical corps. If he passes he
will proceed to San Francisco to take
Boys' Department
The gymnasium classes in the boys'
department for March showed the
largest attendance of any month dur
ing the session. Five different gr .
hold three classy per week, with a
12, and Eugene Cary defeated Bert
Morse, 6 to 0. Three sets n the first
series are yet to be played. James
Mullen vs. Joe Cain, Joe Williams vs.
Howard Cain, and Arthur Ojeda vs.
Arthur Peterson.
I Ti:e high school
night entertained the
ipiiiiiii.
0 " -'- -w. p . J
A li3w!iug success 1 "Bringing tin Fan?s that lilt, dances that keep the have no more right to sell than they
Father Abroad,', the latest coition" vt ft et tupping and comedians and girls j would to give someone the Brooklyn
All boys who have made subscrip
tions to the war work are again urged
to make their payments as early as
possible, either to Harry Hershman,
chairman of the collection committee.
or Lester Farrell, treasurer All sub
scriptions were due April 1.
The Hi-Y club held its regular meet
ing last Monday evening, with a large
attendance. The dinner was prepared
by Mrs. Parish and Mrs. Williams.
Many of the boys remained for the
bible study, chich followed the regular
club meeting . Mr. Alonzo Crittenden
will be the speaker for the next meet
ing which will be held Monday April
8 . Mr. Crittenden will take the club
bovs through Old Mexico with the
balopticon.
HUNDREDS WOULD SEE
FARNUM IN THE SPY'
the famous George McManus musical
comedy seiies fashioned from the
world renown comic cartoons.
Every theater-gixr in the land has
roared over the original production.)
with side-splitting "Jiggs M;ihony,"
as the Father and the Mahonoy fam
ily, just as every realer of the comic
cartoons of the newspapers of the
country .have laughed uproariously at
th? newspaper iun of the family as
shown in the caricatures.
Interspersed with incident il co;r.i-.
tha neer norniit a dull
V. .' , I
moment, I U""BV- t
cverywnere along me line so far
I!r!,i..i.. L'allw.. K-,,-,.1 1 !
nt,u:u ed the funniest of all the scream-inrpsent-rt th hilaritv ,r- .h0l'ra"K a opi wattle Ma lam.
cadets Friday
girls of the ,
scncol at a cadet hop in the audi-!
I torium. which was well attended. This I
! event marks the tirst annual cadet!
!
hop. The hall was tastily decorated '
with American tlags and those of the ;
allies while Hallstrom's orchestra,
jlurnished the music. Punch was serv-1
ed during the evening an dall cadets
I attended in uniform,
i Captain and Mrs. Frank A. Kopf
j l-d tne grand marcn and John Hobbs
, acted as floor manager. The program
I open d at S o'clock sharp, when "f.ist
(Call" was biuwn by Trumpeter Arthur
j Peterson. At 8:45 "as!embly was
i Llown and copies took their places
ror tne grand march. Everyone pres
ent voted the affalr a great suoc?ss,
when "retre-if was blown at 11 oclock.
Those who wtre presen tincluded
the Misses Alberta Houle. Mildred
Robinson, Pearl Lanphere. May Pow3,
Orkan Landrum, Mary K. Salmon,
Ruth P. McNeal Madeline Meyer,
Georgia Meyer, Carol Hosmer, Mar
garet Sealey, Marie Hurlbut. Effie
Anderson, Alice Wilson, Helen Mo
Donald, Frances Smith, Ruth Adams,
Blanche Powell, Ruth Wilcox. Elanche
Scott, Erna Spaulding, lassie Camp
bell, Viola Bussee. Hazelle Rowe, Mrs.
Ethel
' n:?nts.
Everyone
in se:us. The new production comes' high-water mark
to the Orpi c-um on Wednesday, April
ICtli.
It's a castle In Ireland. "Jiggs"' and
Mrs. Ji;i?s. after deciding to py a
visit to thcrir home in the "Old liart,"
(crcrn? the prey of a pair of smart
tharpf-rs on the wa7 ov?r. cne of the
n stilt.? of w hich is that "Jiggs" buys
a castle ia Ireland that the sharpers
c l, .;,. v ci.mi
with the effect that n-v.., , . . .
standing room at every performance is ' K't r"'Z ri K
the invariable rule of all engage- j. piTLK
Thomas, Sergeant Harry Crockett,
. K j
(
1;:
who recalls the former i
presentations of the "Bringing
Sergeant Will Shilliani, Sergeant Am-
Ahio.i,l " vprnn i Trfen,i.i i ? rol". Ccrporal Arthur Ojeda,
".torporal C-cil Powell
au4A yi 1(IC 1 JUI I c .
THEDA BARA PAYS STAGGERING SUM FOii
WARDROBE WORN IN STAGING CLEOPATRA
presentin
" ' 'nprnM 1 ..11 . ' .. .
Ralph. Corporal Albert Sutclifle. Cor
real Cleopatra is the predominant fea-j lfV'' Trumpeter Arthur
ture oi the William Fox Theda Bara i f ! e!Son' Jrun.pe er karl Bressler,
Suptrpicture. "Cleopatra." in which I 5 "OD6n. t eener, ( rauit ui-
Miss Theda Bara, world-famed screen
usha, Eugene Andreas, Ernie John-
V i'""r"- i "I '' "", "- " TJ"
m m i w i " v' - -i3m
F :. .:;. .. -
j The numerous patrons
bowlers, who has b?en away en de-
tached service. The sergeant has hal
a splendid time, and a successful trip.
and expects to be with us again on or
about April 15.
. - v j v. v. ! " .
me necessary irairmiB, a.r vuun : get into the Central theatre last night
hopes to gee real action. &ri pr(or oL tne popularity of the lar-
est William Fox picture, "The Spy,
The Current Events club today will j jn wnich Dustin Farnura is the star,
be led by J. B. Aiken. Government ani which shows continuoutely today
control of railroads and its conse-iafternoon an(j night. Proof positive
quences w ill be his subjecL j 0f t!ie production s excellence is the
i satisfied expression on the face of
We are in receipt of a letter from j every person who leaves the theatre.
Sergeant Miller, one of our first team j William Fox has given a photoplay
which in every manner gains the ap
proval of those who see it.
"The Spy" is a war play which gets
away from the usual empty noise and
blatant melodrama so commonly asso
ciated with productions of this kind.
In the entire length of the picture not
a single battle scene is flashed on the
screen. The thread of the story is
conceined more with the intricacies of
international relations and the revela
tion c f diplomatic Episodes with which
the public is unfamiliar.
Dustin Farnum takes the role of an
indolent young American, who goes to
Germany in order to obtain a list of
the Imperial Government's spies in the
United States. He runs into every
sort of danger and takes his life into
his hands more than once. In the
end, however, be gains the list he has
wanted.
Mr. Philbrook concluded his series
of lectures on tho constitution Mon
day evening. His attendance has been
enthusiastic, and have received an in
side knowledge of American institu
tions, hard to get.
The Spanish club wishes another
banquet soon. In order to get it more
members must be secured.
The association regrets to report
the death at Camp Funston of one of
its members, Cecil Thompson, form
erly of this city. Mr. Thompson until
being called into the army was em
ployed at the Phelps Dodge Mercantile
company as clerk.
That volley ball game with Doug
las Saturday, March 30, was a surprise
to our sextet of ball players. They
expected to have an easy time at
Douglas, but the Douglas floor is much
larger than the Bisbee floor and- the
Douglas team has improved 100 per
cent. Bisbee took the first game,
Douglas the next two and Bisbee won
the last two. The only thing that
gave victory to the Bisbee six wa
the agreement between the Bisbee and
Douglas coaches to play five games.
star, plays the title role of the en- . ' e"ry -"Js. ttaiuia veazey. toen
chai.tinir Kirmi nr th viio -ne. wunam fcims. uerard Down,
shov s at the Eagle theafte today and ' Em";v. J,aek9on, hn McKean. Ken-
v M
neth Kellum, John I'.rownlie. Joseph
Kcbey, Jack Eason. Kline Abies, Leon
Kronman. Earl Twomey, John Hobbs,
Jobn.McRea, R. BL Salmon. V Q.
8 V f
Xxv -Fiji S
'V 4
f3
J1
. : y.
- A '
2
y-f ! :
i
The Mining club is now on the tim
bering section. All men interested are
invited to take this in. Fred Juliff
will take Thursday on C. & A. st"pc
limbering methods.
E. C. Crockett employed at the
Shattuck for home time past, left on
Monday night for Phoenix, where he i Fox Hollywood
intends to join the marin?3.
Mr. Philbrook, to our deep regret,
has finished his excellent lectures on
the constitution. The attendance took
a brace at the last, and finished strong.
Monday next, at seven o'clock, there
will be r session on the da uses of
th-2 war. Secretary Donaldson will
lead the meeting, and will start a
discussion. The information from the
official committee at Washington head
ed by George Creel, will be usd, and
there will be a free and open dis
cussing. All are invited. The placv
will be, as usual, in the diuing loom.
W. H. Hoffman is a new arrival in
the district from El Paso . Mr. Hoff
man spent 23 years in Mexico, most
in the mines of western Chihuahua,
WILIAM FARNUM IS
UGH MARRIED ACTOR
Once more William Farnum and
Jewel Carman are married. In u;e
two photoplays they have previously
made, the noted pair had off-stage
weddings, one of which was suppose!
to occur after the production wa3
ended. But in thi newest William
Fox super de luxe phatodrama. "Amer
ican Methods." the star and Miss
Cameron have an honest-to-goodness
wedding before th eyes of a large
and fashionable audience.
This film is ts be shown today at
the orpheum theater, aftcrnoa and
night.
The -svent took place ' prosaically
enough on stage So. 3 of the William
Cal., studio. There
an enormous cnurcn " set nau Leeu
erected, and Titted up with all the
fineness which charactet izes French
cathedrals. Altar boys Trom a I
Angeles church weie employed lor the
day to give every appearance of thi
truth, and tho pries.t employed was a
man famous for his interpretations of
clerical roles. He had been the orig
inal Frey Junipero Serra in San Gab
riel's noted mission play.
x As
wsswii i
- x.
p
AMERICAN OIL WILL
BEGIN EXPLORATION
ft?:-
4
1MIIM fAfiA AJ CLLOfATILA
A riot of gorgeousness and Egyptian splendor that outrivals the time of the play of decorations.
Monday.
I The costumes" worn by Miss Bara
I throm:liol this spectacle are won-
j spared bantam Fox ToL iE i Snider JrooKendall.
puotouiama ine greatest ever pro
Iduopil end thrown upon a screen. The!
j entire 'world was combed by his as-'
, sistantt, to embody in this master-i
; piece eery accurate historical detail
which history describes as haviri, i
graced the court of the famous Cleo-1
patra. Detail, the keynote to an artis- j
'. tic pi ccuction. has been the point up-1
pern.osi in the minds at everyone hav-'
ing ai.ything to do with the filming, j
I In addition to the decorative crea-1
tioiis embracing the various periods in
! which Cleopatra reigned, there have
i bear, used more than ten thousand
I people to add color and life to the
; phou.drama. These periods embrace
the Reman and Egyptian, giving the
director an opportunity to picturize
; the rtrious barbaric types prevalent in
I those times.
I In the interior te;;t scene more than
j J50.00C worth of decorations were
I used to give it the barbaric appear
'anca ol splendor accredited to the time
j of the great Siren of the Nile. There
I were used alone, in this -wonderful set,
i two rugs valued at 130.000. In addi
tion, the various tapestries, silks and
furniture amounted to more than $20,
000. oo valuable were the furnishings,
that it was necessary for .the Fox
Film Corporation to insure every ar
ticle contained therein against fire and
theft during the entire time this set
I was being used.
1 Never before in the history of pho
i todramatic production has there ever
I been seen such a lavish and costly dis-
cyciane wniiams, ciever boast' ama
teur boxer, who will meet Walter
Freeman, of thi city, Friday night
at the Star Athletic club's amateur
smoker for club members.
erating in .this district, has begun, and
announcement of the company's plans
to begin the erection of a refinery soon
has been made. The company own
among its present holdings the fol
lowing: in Wyoming, 5760 acres;
Kansas, 50"0 acres; Oklahoma, 120
acres and California. 160 acres.
Op;ions are being sought and negotiations-
are pending on a tract includ
ing several thousands of acres in the
Tampico district in Mexico, the bi
gusher field. The operations of the
company aie not con.ined to any state
or f;eld and the oil scouts of the cor
poration are continuously In the field
for new and proven territory where
w'.il-known companies are operating.
j Leases of the company are perpetual.
I una arming is pr-jgressing on several
tracts. The company will probably
Actual exploration for oil in vari jus I erect its refinery In or near Bishop
fields owned and leased by the An:ci 1 i'.eld i:t Wyoming, on the Chicago,
can Oil Exploration company, now op- Burlington & Quincy railroad.
RED NECKTIE GENTLEMEN TO
RAVE O VER STRANGE FREAK
After .vainly trying the present
antiquated methods of optometrist,
optician and oculist, many of the
cases that come to me are restored in
a few days to a normal condition.
Are your troubles of this kind?
I can fully guarantee results, a3 I devote my entire time
to this work and am permanently located in Bisbee.
Eye-Nerve-Glasses
Office and Residence First House Wetl Masonic Temple
On Main St. Phone 156. Bisbee, Arizona
DR. R. GLAZE
OPTHALMOLOGIST
LIBFRTY LOAN TEAM
WILL MEET MONDAY
Mis. Gerald Sherman and Jesse
Yoakum. r:iptains of the Liberty Loan
and Sonora. At the tini of Santa i team in the sixteenth district, have I
Ysabel mass'icxe. he was in Cusihuir-' called a meeting of all members of j
iachic. waiting for the arrival of theith'iir team lor Monday morning at i
Americans who were mudered en j the Schwartz store on Main street.!
route. ' They are out to set the pace for thej
I bond drive in the Warren district.
"Arizona orporation Commission Supplement Permit Xo. 1145.
"The Arizona Corporation Commission does not recommend the
stock, bonds or other securities offered for sale by this company."
Progress at New Mine
Timbering the, shaft, crectinp th ,rai!ni frame, and pultins in
the foundations lor the 50 horse power air compressor and hoist at
Central Butte is progressing satisfactorily. 1
You want to make money ,buy t'enlral Butte while you can at 75
cents.
MAGAW & WARD
OVER 5 AND 1C. CENT STORE
ROOM 8
PHONE 498
5P PS ?l- ??- T- z 5?-. ff? F:- 5? t H ? : c;sit: e
J. L Zachary, who was badly
squeezed by a mule train at the South
total addeudanre for the month of
1083. The next largest month was
January, with an attendance of UT0.
In the Number One side show of t't"
Sells Floto Circus tiiere are a let tt
FcilowiiiK Is a list of new' members
and renewals who have joined the as
sociation during the past we-k: Chas.
b Aiidernuu. B"ii Gold, Llmer D.
Hariis. A. Peters Kebbing, Alotizo
Ciit'enden, Romau A. Vazguez, J. A.
I'hnir flflrift f.nii.riui.ii ull (if thp 1
south side of Main stret in the city j things, which the obliging gentlemen
Of Bisbee. That they have a live j in the red neckties w ill desci tl-e to
and efficient team oes without say- you most lonviiicii.iy. Of course.
iiiE when one considers tho fedlow-1 (here are i-iimts and pygmies, the ''
iuk meuibers of that team: .M-stl-jmes 1 f(h)l python, the fat fiirl ii::d ail of
Arthur Notuian, K. L. Blair. K. B 1 ,,ur hi fiii'inls of the weird nil p.m. I
Coover. (.'hallos Allen, C. M. liibou. (". j ,.,i hanners which i'l.uik the hi un 111-
tie-i have 'Vatiire atir.ictiou about lias double brain power, for it must
which the. v ill fairly rave. It is no l' stated, he has a narrow gauge
other, as they used to say in the dime
m
m
m
m
m
SI5-
ri ri fi '
' -AAMf: Spring Time I
c :A'"-ttWV is coming
" s;A. A v '"jSHv TT wiI1 really surprise
ir 'ou now we"
11. Moore and Jeau ISoyd and .Messrs.
L. n. Bailey. C. U. Vail. W A.
Schwartz, Dau Angius aud Huyer Pcl-tou.
trance lo the liii; show.
B:it, when tho SIls-rioto ivciis
comes to this district 011 April 1!. t-''e
obliging t'Utleineu iu tho red ucck-
thriiltrs, than Carles Traerno. a Mex
i it i). who carries the usual head oil
t'li' i.su.i I ne k, anil on tup of this hea(
t'ailus, an itciiii.il ive cuss, has an
ull.er in 1 1.. and another head. In fait
Carlo.-, .s a tuo-heuded ciirluslty, a
wonder lreak. and both his heads
h.i eye::. e,n. a note aud mouth
each, and cvei tliiiij!. However, the
cirtua luuu do not tlaiui that Carlos
single track mind. He is just a sim
pie peon, normal in every way except
for the etra head crowing out of his
forehead He is every bit as intelli
gent as the ot fee colored sombrero
bo one sees uluuu the border iu the
humble walks of life.
Carlos will nut he seen in the two
mile parade, nor will he take part tn
the bU hhow. He in considered the
greatest side show attraction of all
time and hu sticks close to Lib woru.
ii; r -V
1
,1V-
can make
Jl : V SDrinar suit look.
your
we
last
There is a good reason
why you should 'Make
It Do.
or hitfh-cldfts cirooiing and
repainng, telcphotie u
Si
: T "fe: ?: fc c Jp, fc.. Jp, te. . tsT &:
Ltxi!: -t '.ir. i'lublrm
T.if: -i' io your guar,
anirc MisterSorvice
BISBEE DYE AND
CLEANING
WORKS.
PHONE 296. SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, APRIL 7, 1918.
REPORT ENEMY
LOSSES HEAVY
(?ontlnued from Paw One)
IMdier. made to wrest from us gains j torg and j,romjsed to reward them for
that we secured on Thurtday, broke : thelr C00Vheaded courage in the face
down with heaviest losses to the I Df tne enemy's fire.
French. Mont Didier was subjectew! Tne pnSOner talked freely and dl
to French fire. Ivulped considerable valuable informa-
"There was lively artillery firing be- 'tion
fore Verdun which increased during I General Pershing arrived at the
the day. headquarters at the front as the pris
on the other theatres of the war , oners were ofljnp brought in. In an
there is nothing new." otner part of the 8ector an enemy
j patrol earlier today attacked an Amer-
Germans Captured jcan party carrying food to a listen-
WITH THF, AMFWTf t' A11MV rv.ingpost The American sergeant com
FRANCE. April 6.. (Rv the Associated j manding the food carriers shot a Cer
Press) The Germans attemnted a j man sergeant throu.ch the head. The
reid this morning on the American po-jloss of their commander demoralized
siMnn. northwest of Toul. after a ' the remainder of the patrol, which re
violent artillery nrerarsHon. Ttiey treated, the American machin-j gun
were driven off bv the American ar-iners helping them on their way.
t'l'e'v and machine Tn fire an-1 snf-
fered comparativelv heavv oaF-ualties. Raj(j QritiK Lina
leaving two prisoners in the hands WJTH THR BRmsH ARMV T1
of tne Americans. JmAvrv inii e p th i.iai
From the German ' point of vlew.
the raid way a complete failure, not a
single American was captured.
As soon as the German barrage
fire lifted, the American outnosts saw
the enemy infantry sdanc'ng and
7, ,L, f cou"' . ""7-
fell within two minutes, just in front
ond enemy, i ne -Da sciu-cra
The Oern'ns scattered
infantrymen
mu ...... li.i
An American corporal in a usiem.w
TO ww i di? Ufruun msim -
ing the iron cross, passing close bv.
H leaned out and hit him with his
rifle butt and then throttled him and
hauled him into' one of the American
trenches. Another German was cap
tured in No Man's Land by a cor
poral whose souad covered the Ger
man while the corporal advanced and
demanded his surrender. The Ger-
Famous Medium Here
as the American infantrymen cameknew - more of the impending
from their underground shelters and j pperaUons. That there would be an
began pouring machine and automate , th drlve Bnort,yt however, seemed
W
rt-h sit :rntini T Limited dispatcn rrcra vasa, aatea
1 KUrt jEjKKtLL,Thuraday My Guard head
quarters statement, reports that Tam
CLAIP.VOYANT ASTROLOGER merfors has been taken by them, after
At Golden Hotel, Room 14 severe fighting In the streets, in which
Reduced Prices Low Fee have fought the,r vajr foot by
SPECIAL FOR THIS WEEK ,! A Copenhagen dispatch to the Ex
To .11 vrho cb.:n i mi .dinj will be give, change Telegraph company says it is
ATcrx .- VTrT v ttdt?T? I officially reported that in the capture
iiSb-o'L. U i JiL, X 1 KJii- of Tammerfors the White Guards lost
an AStRO!.0(;il".. IIOROSCOfE prrrar- 9 Ma -i.ii- 19 fton of th BaH
.l tt... .... 7V.-r- in fhV
were bcm. t'- the characteristic, fault,
dieaes tli :.re inclined to. fortim-te and
inforr-.iraie p-Hoit -. lu-irr atu! finrrc. in-t-
-tirtent ai l sr-eculationf , ir-hitance and
lanu'.ti. jo::rney at:d t--ave's. friends, ene
mic . lev--, cov.rt-hip r.p.l marriajre. an in-;iration-l
lcir. . tion ard the j-rnba.Ie yearlr
forecasts. Tl'- r.3u!ar -.rice of tUi Horoscope
hat been f:.i 0.
It will hr zivrn TRF.K to all who get a full
Taiiir.g du.'irf thi wct-k.
N JUm '
,7fti ! tain perfect shape
ITirn and follow the
y movement of your
ut M body-havc thcm
rwrta tailored to your in-
rEiMti dividuai der by
tqiy l our famous Chicago
PS? At whatever price
4 tiW&$& woolens you select,
n-lM 5T ill fr the C0St wiU be
d llp n many dollars below
?3 hrfq EiJ what the average'
if y-':?jalJfea Mf tailor would ask you
Rl f3 equal quality.
f -P Be measured now.
;tnan throw up his hands and yelW,
Pershing on Scene
The American general commsndin?
the troops In this sector ha3 person
flllv roneratnlnteri the American ran-
I Press) The enemy today continued
I to make raids along the northern sec-
I tion of the battle front for the pur
pose of learning what British troops
vwere oDPOrng them. German prison-
latest orders were to be ready to push
- lV,,. . , . .
nn further, but. so well . was the sec
rv of the Dla. nrp6erTed. thev
to be the general opinion.
Tne German casualties Ta the fight.
... in tB4, Ajheif .w-tor vesterdav
were very heavy. At numerous places
ft was possible with the naked eye to
see them forming for the attack and
in every case the British artillery and
machine guns played havoc among the
assembled troops.
Ntear Hebuterne, German concentra
tions were caught in machine gun bar
rages on three occasions and badly
smashed.
Tbe British artillery continue to
round the Germans all along the hat
tie front.
Casualties Small
LONDON', April 6. British casual
ties reported In the week ended today
aggregated 3.743 divided, as follows: .
Killed or died of wounds Officers,
135; men, 624.
Wounded or missing Officers, 62S;
men, 2,338.
This total is onl yslightly in ex
cess of la.st week's, which was 3,618.
Apparently the reports of casualties in
the Somme battle have not begun to
come in.
WHITE GUARDS NOW
HOLDING TAMMERFORS
(Br Review Ixesed Wire)
LONDON, April 6. A Renter's
. . . - . .
Guards were either killed or wounded
LAFAYETTE MEN MISSING.
Py Review Leased Wire!
PARIS, April 6. Charles Kerwood
of Bryn Mawr, Pa., and Houston Wood
ward, of Philadelphia, both members
of the Lafayette escadrllle, bare been
missing since April 1. -
HUNS HAVE REAL JOB .V "l )
THESE ALLY COX CRETE-STEEL FIRST LI Ah DhULAM
h -vyi f if r tv "tf, .Li I It
ill Kit, v -A i i H Mi
A close-up
Just h8w large a job the Huns
front can be Gathered irom
- - .
ern iront can no gainereu
bio German driv- Concrete iatcrwoven w
PRESIDENT FORMALLY if forM upu wh,ca tliey fanc)r they
ADric ruion nDlvricI,n then erect an emPire r &ln and
VJrtJi J inml LTVl V C i commercial supremacy an empire as
(Continued from Pagre One)
should be ashamed in the presence of i
axairs so grave, so fraught with the
.i o. nonbinj thrnnphniit all
the world to speak with truculence. to i
use the weak language of hatred or I
vindicive. We must judge as we would i
he iuaeed. I have souKht to learn the j
objecU Germany has in this war from j can play no part. They are rejectei
the mouths of her own spokesmen, and , for the ideals of power; for the prin
to deal as frankly wifh them as I wish- iple that th? strong must rule the
ed them to deal with me. 1 have laid j weak, that trade must follow the flag,
bare our own ideals, our own pur-j whether these to whom it is taken
poses without reserve o r doubtful j welcome it or not, that the peoples
phrase, and have asked them to say as j of the world are to to made sub
plainly what it is that they seek. jject to the patronage and overlord-
We have ourselves proposed no in-;
justice. no aggression. We are ready ;
whenever the final reckoning is maae,
to be just to the German people, deal
fairly with the German power as witn ;
all others. There can be no difference
between peoples in the final judgment, j
if it is indeed to be a righteous judg-;
ment. To propose anything but justice
to Germany, at any time, whatever the !
outcome of the war, would be to re-;
nouuee and dishonor our own cause. :
For we ask nothing that we are not
willing to accord. :
It has been with this thougnt tnai ;
I have, sought to learn from those who ( love(j an(j pro'vm erat to vindl-t
spoke for Germany whether it wasioate br(- f0 a el-r!ou9 j-eallza- i
Justice or dominion ana me execuuuu
of their own will upon the other na-i
tions of the world that the German
leaders were seeking. They have ans
wered, answered in unmistakable:
. arii . . .1 i - r a
not justice, but dominion and the un-
hindered execution o their own will.,
The avowal has no come from Ger-,
many's statesmen It has ' come from
her military leaders, who are her real
.... onM that '
rUlcrS. XI Cl BlttlCBUlCIl uavc omu vuuv f
v. V. n.l nAo,n ami a-.ro rAaHv In
ponenu wiling 1' dwn at the I re e,on thev have touched,
conference table with them. Her then pre we to do?
present chancellor has said-in in-1 For mvelf. I am readv. redv st.ll
definite and uncertain terms, indeed. ; i i now. to discuss a fsir pnd
and in phrases that often seem to deny 1 1"st end honest peace at anv Fme
their own meanine. but with as muchl'h't it is sinoerelv proposed a peacfl
thoucht nrudent !
plainness as he
. hiiov thnt iPra should beifrre nliVe. hut the answer, wen I :
based upon the priciples which we had
declared would be our own in the final
settlement. At Brest-Litovsk her civl-;
Han delegates spoke in similar terms;
nrofested their desire to conclude s.
tair peace and accord to the peoples;
with whose fortunes they were dealing j
the right to choose their own allegi-1
ances. But action accompanied and j
followed the profession. Their military
mar:tnrs. the men who act for. Ger-!
many and exhibit her purpose In exe-'
cution. proclaimed a very dierent con-!nd
elusion. We cannot mistake what they i
have done in Russia, in Finland, in !
.ha riralna In Rumania Tho real 1
test of their Justice and fair play has
come. From this we may judge the e henee'-h nlan P.nd accomnllsh.
rest. They are enjoying in Russia a ' ring- true tr this resrons-. until the
cheap triumph in which no brave orisiptv and mleht of our concerted
rallaut nation can long take pride. A I
great people, helpless by their own
set Hee for the time at their mercy.
Their fair professions are forgotten, j
They, however, set up Justice, but Crmnv hs one mor said that
everywhere impose their power and j fre. and foive alone ,sh-,il derMe
exploit everything for their own use -"-hethT intee and neace sholi relp-n
and aggregandizement; and the peo-,tn the affirs of men. whether, rleht
pies of conquered provinces are invlt- jas America conceives it. Of dnmlna
ed to be free under their dominion. lion es she conceives it. shall de
Says Nation Justified. j temine the destlnls of mankind.
Are we not justified in believing thst Thre is. therefore, bu on re
they would do the same things at i snonse possible from us:
their western front If they were not j F"rre, force to the utmost, force
there face to face with armies whom i without stint or limit the rishteons
even their countless divisions cannot
overcome If, when they have felt
their check to be final, they should
prorose favorable and equitable terms
with regard to Belgium and Franco
and Italy, could they blame us if we j
concluded that they did so onlv to as-.
sure themselves of a free hand in j
Russia and the east? j
Their purpose undoubtedly, is to!
make all the Slavic peoples, all the
free and ambitious nations of tho Bal
tic peninsula, all the lands that Turk
ey has dominated and misruled, stib-
lect to their will and ambition and
build upon that rominion an empire
view of the Crst line defenses of the allies In France.
xv-: v. j. : trvin tlrpnk
have on
llltir iii.v..- ... - - - -
... w.jw.k -
'
. . f a . rst 11Tie aeiense 01 mi-
- . , - the material
I hostile to the American as to the
J Europe which it will overawe an m
Pfe, which will ultimately master Per-
'sa. muia aim me pv'" "
Kast. in sucn a program our mens
the ideals of, justice, and humanity
nnd liberty. th principle of the free,
Felf-determination of nations t:pon
which all the modern world insists.
snip oi tnose wno nave tne powe-
to enforce it.
Aqe Lonq Struaaie
That prom-am. once carried out.
Airerxa and all wiio care to dare to
stand with her must arm and prepare
themselves to contest the mastery of
tt,P WOrld. mastery in whih the
rights 0f common men. the rights of
onien. and of toll who are wrvik.
1URt for the time beine. be trodden
nner f00t and disreerarded and the old
ae.ione Btni?ele for fr-edro sn 1
ri-ht eein aeain at its belnnlnsr. Ev-
...i,,,, funt ira has live-! for
,,An j,ave falen jn
A t .
utter ruin 1
once more 1
oltiiosgtv shut no on mankind. !
Tie thine- l rrersteroui sml Im-1
P"sihle. And yet Is not tat what j
nnn whewe-
m
ovpn
b h,
... . ... ..
riiriiuy.
I jtide onlv whnt the Ger-
prs have ecompliohed with
thoroughness thrmtrboiit
'n whih the stronif and week shall i
n-cposed s-r h a reare. rsm" fr-m te i
i German w lenders In Russia, and I
r-nnot mistake the meaning of the an- j
;swer.
I accrnt the challenee.
- Accents Hun CHallenqe
T know that you scent it. All te
world shall know that vou accept it.
It sv!l nr.wr in vter sncifice
-d spif-fTffniness whih which we
"v a 11 rlre s'l that we love and nil
that we have to redeem the world
make it fit for fre men like onr-
selves to live in. This now is tho
meanlnsr of sll that we do.
T et flr-ervthlns- that we av. mv
e1lnw ro"n"T'en. evrvthinsr that i
ower shall fill the .thought, nhd
tcr!v fle'ent the frrr of those who .
'"t "nt misprize what we honor and i
hoM dear.
and triumphant force which shall!
make rieh the law of the world, and
cast every selfish dominion down in
the dust.
YANKS BUMP BRAVES
rRv Pvln l"d VCIrP)
CREFNEVII.I.E. S. C, April 6
Score R. H. E.
Boston Nationals 3 3 7
New York Americans 7 10 3
Tnnnevnn. Raman. Hughes and
Henry; Monroe, McGraw and Hannah.
REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS
J
through the allied laie en iam yresv-
- - . .
U.
v.i. j..-
used to a&vd protection
IMMENSE TOTAL .
OF BONDS SOLD
(Continued from Page One)
j Benting varj0U8 industries and pro- j
fessions
The quota for the New York fed- j
eral reserve district is $900,000,000.
hut tbe loan committee is determined
to raise $1,500,000,000 or half the total j
otfering.
Sioux City Wins
CHICAGO, April 6 Sioux City.
Iowa, today won the distinction of be
ing awarded .the first service flasr
given to cities in the seventh federal
reserve district for reaching its allot
ment of the third Liberty loan, hav
ing taken subscriptions for $2,532,100
r-?frre noon today as against its quota
of $2,4i)O,00O.
Mrtlion Dollar Check
CHICAGO, April 6. More than
$16,000,000 was subscribed by Chicago
today at the opening of the third Lib
erty loan campaien. A giant military
parade and scores of patriotic cele
brations marked the opening of the
drive.
At one meeting Billy Sunday, the
evangelist, headed the subscrintion
lift with $23,000. The largest sinele
suhscriotion wps from the Continental
f"d Commercial lwionBi nsnk. crji-
""nrai i;ommi'mi i rum ana
Savines bank and Hibernian Rankin
a?siciition. which took $1,000,000 of
tne new bonds.
Tn-9 first bond aoniication re?eiveu
r-y the lows committee was from the
mer of CnptPin Hirrv McHcnry of
Des Moines, recently killed in action
in France.
Nearly Half Total
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal.. April 6
TJnofficisl fleiires bsed on partial re
turns from communities throughout
the seven slates of the twelfth fed
rrl resei-ve district. It was announced
tonight, indicated thst the dis'rict h"d
subscribed on the first day of the
fti'rd Liberty loan at least $75,000.0,H)
of its quota of $210.000.0M).
Offi-i l returns, it was seid possiblv
would brinrr the day's total closer t1
$100,000,000. .
:
War Summary
(Contlnued from Page One)
the orening. but its contlnualon rave
the ?nemy little. f any adJItional
advantage.
The weather on tbe battle front was
reported irep'ovlne Saturday, but the
vlstnVg were still handicapped by low
visibility.
Premier Clemencnu had added to
French confidence In the outcome oi
ut-lthe grst battle by an explanation of
the situa'ion to the pnrliirrentsrv
rni'itarv committee in which he told i
them the situation P'l"ht safelv he eight He has been offensive throueh
left in the hnds of France's admir-'out the proceedings and I ask the
able army. His statement snpnle-: court to reivew his statements in the
mnts general Fo"h's "all is eoin
we'l" in Ms remarks on th- state of
affairs in the battle area.
The anniversary of the entry of the
United States into the war was made
between the occasion abroad of cele
bratlve funcrtlons in Ixindon, Paris
and Rome and the sending of numer
ous messages of felicitation by allied
leaders. A notable utterance was
that of Premier Lloyd George, in
which he predicted that during "the
next few weeks" the TJnlted States
would "give the . Prussian military
junta the surprise of thoir lives."
INCREASE RESERVE NOTES
Tlv Ttovlfiv I.i-ni.'l Wirr)
WASHINGTON. April 6 Increase
of $23,000,000 in earning assets and of
$27,000,000 in federal reserve notes In
circulation are shown by this week's
federal reserve board's financial summary.
L L L JffT PARADE I0-3CAKU
Nl 600-PEOPLE--600 EjTBTtrn
fA. A IV PRWENT1NC Al L NATIONS B 'Ai 13
7t.. YV 2bffC, J-HEP.DS IttPHASTS-J riTviTiiXr
, '"TtWT SPLENDID MNAGFKIt ' ti4J.a.'i.l.'T 'LJ. 1
Lt U, ) iC 425-HORSKS 4i$ v Mmj ifS-i. ! t V
PsU. TRAINS-J SV.fTfT-!
JTUcQtL ' ' - H-ACRE3 OF TENTS-II C.5fi 'L 1 3? -tjll?
C-V VfrT I0.00O-SEATS 10.000 S-PjTi'MTiVi
I.C01 WONDERS 1.00! ftl'tVW'jJ
A MI7D TP A 9 sublime, SUPREP.E, stupendous
lVlCiliW PROCESSIONAL SPECTACLE
RAIN or
SHINE
2 PERFORMANCES
BISBEE A
Saturday
HOME INDUSTRY FURNITURE
STORE AND LODGING HOUSE
James Barrett, Proprietor, LowelL Arizona
GOING OUT OF BUSINESS
SLAUGHTER SALE!
All new goods at wholesale prices, regardless of cost
FURNITURE AND HOUSEHOLD GOODS
Greatest Bargains Ever Offered to the Public
51 BEDS AND COTS MUST EE SOLD AT ONCE
CHEAP. SALE IS NOW ON.
BASEBALL WARREN PARK
Junction -Briggs vs. Douglas
ADMISSION 35c
WOBBUES CHARGED !
WITH ATTEMPT TO !
INFLUENCE JURORS'
(Continued from Page One)
sympathized with the socialist party
or the I. V. W. just before the elec
tion last week," Mr. Cline said.
"I now ask an adjournment until
Monday so that the government may
j concuct an investigatidn. We will
iajiu-. mui every venireman summoned
was rpproached immediately after the
nan cs were drawn from the box."
Mr Vanderver made a statement to
the court in which he admitted thnt
the organization had made an attempt
to ascertain the views of veniremen,
but ucDied that there was any inten
tion cl Influencing their views.
"We were in trouble and we turned
to our nearest friend, the socialists."
he eaid. "We prepared mays and
divided the district into sections and
it was not secret that several hundred
workers looked up the records of the
veniremen.
"If some of these foolish friends be
camo too active it was not at our
direction. I take exception to Mr.
Clirc s statement that we were violat
ing the law and attempting to corrupt
jurors."
Seven Approached.
Seven out of eleven testified that
they had been approached by mem
bers of the Industrial workers of the
world.
Judge Landis declared "I don't want
a Jury of this kind. It Is perfectly
proper for tbe litigant to make an in
vestigation of the jurors but this is be
yond the limit. For an agent of tho
defendant to approach the juror, di
rectly or indirectly is the same as the
defendant himself trying to inyuence
the juror. In view of the evidence I
musi dismiss the entire panel."
A groan came from the prisoners,
who h.ive shown unrest over the long
proceedings. j
It is merely a trick by the prose- i
cution."
declared Mr. Vanderver.
"Clin,? has used three of his six pe
emntory challenees while Ve still have
record.
"If I had gone so far outside the
law as Mr. Vanderver has in permit
ting tampering with Jurors. I would
resign from the bar," Mr. Cline said.
Klves Threatened.
"Wives of veniremen have been an
proached by these agents and some be
came so frightened they asked for pro
tection, declaring they feared they
wero being taken for spies." .
Later Mr. Vanderver and Mr. Cline
nearly came to blows.
"Yoj can get as nasty as you like
with me outside the court room. Van
derver said.
"I will meet you any time and any
place." Cline replied.
Pi.ring the next week the depart
ment of justice will innuire into the
activities of the socialists and others
who questioned veniremen as
whether they wnuld vote the socialist
ticket last week and whether they
favored the policies of the 1. W. W.
dco-is era 1
KCU?. EARU3
-
SURGICAL
DRESSING
CLASS TO CONVENE
Members of the ur;ical drssine
;cl;i?s are aske 1 lo meet at the Red
' Cross ro m tomorrow nisht Florence
Puckett. Florence A. Lindeman. Elizs
j leth Ftarr.pe On! -Ci--?, Mrs. IT.
Pcaro. 'Winifrei r.-r!r.v Minnie Hen
ley. KaU.er'ne Frlshie. .Agnes Prrv.
Mr. P. H McAsker Mrs. G. W. Read
man. Anna HiMcr. Maui!" Perry. .Ter.i
Oiiinn. Mrs II (. Ji-nninss. Helen M.
, VoJbu'n Florence K. Watkins. Mary
Cadrn McLennan and Effie Kenley.
CONTINUE BOMBARDMENT
(Hy Rv't'W Lenx?,l Wire)
PARIS, April S The long range
bowbnrdment of the Paris district
continued throughout the day. Three
persons were wounded.
Richard Glaze, Oph. D.N.D.
Practice Limited to Eye and Nerve
Disorders.
Phone 156. Office and retidenc
first house west of Masonic Temple,
Main Street, Bisbee, Arizona.
Glasses fittd bv the latest methods.
Closing Out Odds and
Ends In
Douglas Shoes
and other makes, values
up to $5.C0, now
$2.50
CARO & COMPANY
20 Brewery Gulch
COLLINS &
BRETHERTON
V e Specialize In
JEROME
AND
OATMAN
STOCKS
Jack BIdg., Main Street
Phone 26 Box 1129
D A I L T
2:15 f. a.
8:15 Mn.
pnll3 THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, . SUNDAY MORNING, APRIL 7, 1918.
SEVEN
Mining and Financial News
3Y REVJEW
NEW YORK. April 6 Ind.r the
influence of simulating udwices from;
the tattle front and tee impetus gien j
to the third Liberty loan, today's stock ;
maiket, strengtneusd in all quarters,
leauers attaining highest levels of the
vopk. Trauine- was broader and more
active, the total of the two hours far
exceeding yesteriiay's five hour ses
sion. Extreme gains in important is
sues extended from 1 to 2Vt points and
among speculative shares tne advance
ranged irom 3 to 5 points.
United States Steel asserted its
former leadership, gaining ls points.
Rails made up in strength wiiai tney
lacked in activity. Canadian Pacific,
Union Pacific, Reading and other in-,
. v ,t. 1 Ol i
esimeuis snares eauiiug x w -riints.
Sales, 195.000 shares.
A decrease" of about $16,750,000 in
: " i at reserves reduced excess re--j
to slightly less than $ 15.000,000
. ..-.1 loans also contracting by al
;...st $44,00,000.
uond were strong, French issue
supplementing yesterday's gains. Total
sales (par value) $2,600,000.
United States bonds told issues)
were unchanged on call during the
week.
Hold Large Reserve
NEW YORK. April 6 The actual
condition of clearing house banks and
trust companies for he week shows
that they hold $44,647,650 reserve in
excess of legal requirements. This
is a decrease of $16,751,480 from last
week.
GRAIN
CHICAGO, April 6. Opinions that
new style trading, which, was expected
to be soon in vogue, would lift prices
to the present allowable maximum,
had a bullish effect today on corn.
The market closed steady at a quarter
cent advance, with May $1.26. Oats
gi-'ned cents to at cents and
provisions, 15 cents to 30 cents.
Corn was influenced through the
as a result of balloting which took
place today the directors would im
mediately authorize pit dealings in
the July delivery and that the option
would command i.bout $1.40 a bushel.
On their btfsis, it was figured that
many would rise to $li28, the highest
ligures which the rules permit.
Oats were unsettled.
A rise in the value of hogs lifted
provisions.
NEW YORK METALS
NEW YORK. April 6. Bar Filver,
Sl'isc
OATMAN
(By Collins & Brethcrton)
Argo 4
Adams 2
Arizona Rex
Arir-Tom R. 4
Gold Ore .?9
Boundary Cone 2
Gold Road Ben 4
Gold Reed
Gold Cliff .'
7
3
25
a
41
3
6
5
15
r
t
WHAT OIL MEN OF INTERNATIONAL NOTE SAY OF Dr. E. A.
UNION OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA
Security Building
'LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA
LYMAN STEWART, President
To Whom It May Concern:
We tj'te pleasure in saying that we have known Mr.
E. A. Edwards for many years, that he is an experienced
oil man, is a capable judge of oil formations, and is compet
ent to successfully locate oil wells thereon.
Yours truly.
IMON OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA,
Lyman Stewart, President.
The following public officials of Ari- j
zona have been and are now connected I
with com panics operating in the field: j
i
1 ION. DAVID F. JOHNSON
STATK TUKASl.'KKR OF ARIZONA
H. G. RICHARDSON j
CO'i NTV ATTORNEY OF PINAL COL'NTY i
HON. JACK BOLIN j
STATK MINERAL INSPECTOR
HON. FRANK BROWN ;
IMMIGRATION COMMISSIONER
GEORGE MacBEAN
CITY COMMISSIONER OF ARIZONA
LEASED WIRE.
Lucky Boy 2 3
Sunnyside 3 4
leiluride 12
Tom Reed 1.97 2.02
United Eastern 4.37 4.62
United Northern 2 3
United Western 2
Red Lion ; 25
. OTHER CURBS
Gadsden 3-00 3.06
Green Monster 69 .75
Butte London 19 -2J
Dundee ,. . . 1.18 1.31
Pitts-Jerome ..50 1.00
Jerome Verde 62 .69
Ark-Arizona 08 .11
Jerome Portland 25
Hull Copper 35 .40
Magma Chief 25 .50
Wolverine-Arizona 1.75
Verde Combwiation ' 56 .62
Miami Consolidated 05 .10
Naoozari Consolidated ... .45
Verde Apex 09 .10
STUNT EVENTS AT Y
DRAWS LARGE CROWD
Many members of the Y. M. C. A
last night enjoyed stunt night at the
association when a volley ball game,
basketball game and numerous ath
letic events between teams composed
of boys from the employed boys' class
and the intermediates.
In tne volley ball game the eight
o'clock team won from the noon team
in two out of three games. The line
ups: Eight o'clock, six Owen, captain;
Krebs, Bushnell, Berry, Wneeler and
Jacot. Noon- class Schuppe, McFar
land, Klein, Graves and Morley.
The basketball game between the
employed boys and the intermediates
resulted in a victory for the former
quintet, 19 to 5.
The lineup of the teams follow :
Employed Leslie Stables, Joe Car
reto, Isadore Jacobs, Howard Kane
and William Kamanski; Charles Nab
dern, substitute. Intermediates Ed.
Kelly, Ed. Clements, Joe Senna, and
Gordon Wallace.
In the athletic 6tunts program the
one lap relay race was won by the
intermediates, Joe Senna, Stanley
Novis, Gordon Wallace, Maurice Kelly,
Ed. Kelly, Milton Morse Tony Carreta
and Maik Ruff ran for the winners.
The tn re 2 lap relay was also won
by the intermediates with Joe Senna
Miltcn Morse, Mark Ruff and Ed. Kel
ly, carrying off the honors.
A Wheelbarrow race was captured
by the Intermediates. Joe Senna,
Mark Ruff and Milton More were on
the winning team. t
In a cavalry duel the employed boys
won with Janus Fyre and Will Kanian
ski the victors.
The crab race was taken by the
intermediates with Mark Ruff and Jce
Senna the winning duo.
CI hiaince to
C
I enclose
Big Map of the
Baseball Scores
COAST LEAGUE
SENATORS SLAM
At Sacramento
Vernou
Sacramento
Rciger and Moore;
Easterly.
TIGERS.
R. H. E.
0 4 0
1 9 0
Brenton and
OAKS SWAMP SEALS.
At San Francisco R. H. E
Oakland 1 7 l
San Francisco 0 4 1
Arlttt and Mltze; Chief Johnson and
McKee.
BEES BEST ANGELS
At Los Angeles R. H. E.
Salt Lake 3 5 0
Los Angeles 0 7 2
Levtrenz and Konnick; Fittery and
Boles.
EXHIBITIONS
CUBS BEAT 8ANTA RITA.
CAMP CODY, N. M., April 6
R. H. !J.
Santa Rita 0 7 4
Chicago Nationals 7 7 0
Kcetfc, Burns and Robertson; Tyler,
Vaughn and Killifer.
FORT WORTH WINS.
FORT WORTH, Texas, April 6.
R. H. E
Ft. Worth Texas League 10 16 2
Chic? go Americans 2 10 3
Pate and Woodall; Benz and Lynn.
TIGERS TRIM REDS.
OKLAHOMA CITY, Okla., April 6
R. H. K.
Cinc.nnati Nationals ...7 7 2
Detroit Americans ...8 11 3
Schneider, Jacobs and Allen; Erick
son, Kallio and Stanage.
DALLAS BEATS SOX."
DALLAS; Tex,, April 6. R. H. E.
Dallas Texas League 6 12 3
Chicago Americans (regulars) 5 9 1
Kinney, Lewis, Wilson and Dowie;
Cicotte, Faber and Schalk.
CUBS WALLOP DOUGLAS
(By Review Leased Wire)
DOUGLAS, Ariz.. April 6.
Score R. H. E.
Chicago Nationals 16 10 5
rinticrlfla 8 14 6
Weaver and Johnson; Myers and j
Fnrwell.
BOSTON BEATS ARMY
(Special to The Review;
WEST POINT, N. Y., April 6.
Score K- H. E.
Atmy 2 6 2
Boston College 6 2 7
Murrill, Jones and Wicks; Fitzpat
rick and Wilson.
HOLY CROSS ON TOP
(By Review Leased Wire)
NEW YORK, April 6.
Holy Cross 10
Columbia . 1
ompaey
MASCOT OIL COMPANY
412-13-14-15 CITIZENS NAT. BANK BLDC.
Cor. Third pmd Main Streets
To Whom It May Concern:
This will introduce Mr. E.- A. Klwards, a gentleman with whom I liuve been
acquainted for the last twenty odd ythrs. Mr. Edwards is thorouir'i r.nd practical ' in
every branch of the oil business, having had many years of experience, lie constructed
the first refinery that successfully refined western Ohio, or commonly called. Lima.
Ohio, oil. He was also the originator of the construction of the pipe line from Lima,
Ohio, to Whiting, where the Standard Oil Company now have one of their largest
eastern refineries.
Mr. Edw ards Is ii reliable business man, r.nd I clieerf'iil : ' ret onuiiend him to the
consideration of anyone needing a ;entleimin who is thoroughly caprhle of j'ldg'iio oil
territory.
Yours truly.
T. SI'I.U.Al'Y.
1c E. A. EDWARDS OIL & REFINING COMPANV - !c ,
E. A. EDWARDS OIL & REFINING CO. x
P. O. Box 22SG. Bisbee. Arizona -
I hereby make application and agree to purchase shares
stock of the E. A. EDWARDS OIL & REFININO COMPANY, at lc per si.ar.- ij .r v::k:e 1. ). I buy t! is upon the umlers'aniiintr
no promotion or pool stock and that the shares are fully paid and nou n s -c- ;a hie.
herewith $ as full payment for same. Ple: -c
All checks are to be made payable to the E. A. EDWARDS OIL K'JHMNt; COMPANY. No agreement are alid unless t'ny are in writ
ing. Tlie presentations made In the printed literature of the company n re tiie n!:d eiily ri.isoi: tliat intue', me to give this order and sre
the only representations made by the E. A. EDWARDS OIL fi KKFINIMS COMPANY or their representatives.
BISBEE OFFICES ROYAL CONFECTIONERY
BREWERY GULCH AND 05 UPPER MAIN STREET.
Chino District on Display at the Royal Confectionery for the Information of those interested in the. CHINO V A L
CUBA CELEBRATES
Ei'
HAVANA. Cuba. April 6. On the
evo ot the first anniversary of Cuba's
decoration of war against Germany.
Havana presents today a festive ap
pearance and, as Sunday is a day of
celebration in all Latin-American coun
tries, txtenslve preparations have been
made for a demonstration of loyalty
to the entente allies tomorrow.
Since Cuba's war declaration, many
activities, some military and naval,
others economic, have been pat in mo
tion here to aid the United States.
From the time when the German and
Ausinan steamships seized in Cuban
waters were turned over outright as
a gilt tc the United States Shipping
board, until the present, when Cuba is
mobilizing her military resources to
send a force of from 10,000 to 20.000
men to France, the whole policy of the
republic has been to subordinate other
matters to those obligations of alliance
which her declaration of war entailed.
The Cuban army and navy have been
reorganized and experts from the Un
ited States army staff have estimated
that Cuba's military force could be en
larged to a maximum of 100,000 men
and maintained at that figure indefi
nitely. The Cuban navy has assumed patrol
duty not only in Cuban territorial wat
ers, but also far out in the Caribbean
and it has been augmented by a fleet
of submarine chasers, while other
craft are under construction, ra addi
tion to these military and naval meas
ures, many young Cubans are now in
the French battle lines as infantrymen
and aviators. As instructors for th?
Cuban Escadrille, which is intending
to tail shortly for the French front,
tne allies detailed two of their leading
airmen to avand, and that both these
flyers were native Cubans.
Economically. Cuba's service has
conspicuous. Cuba's crop of sugar this
year totals 3.600,000 long tons, which
is said to be the greatest sugar crop
ever raised by one country in the
world's hi4ory. The entire crop has
been turned ow to agencies of the
United States Food Administration
and is being marketed at a figure that,
while it brings a diminished profit to
its patriotic producers, at the same
time has tended to safeguard the
world from profiteering and extortion
in this essential food commodity.
Besides this, Cuba is developing her
agricultural resources in other lines io
a great degree; so it is hoped that the
necessity for insisting this year on the
usual importations of foodstuffs from
the United States will be diminished
in th months to come.
Ths Cuban Red Cross headed by
Madame Mariana Seva de Menocal,
wife of President Menocal, has raised
$1,000,000 for its work, and is now
equipping a hospital unit exclusively
' of Cuban physicians and nurses for
service in France.
, REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS
1
MCE
WAR
Join
Sit
C
.sue ertiiie:ites in my mini
Sii-ned
Address .
SI i e
MILLIONS SECURED I
IN LIBERTY DRIVE i
(By Review Leased Wire)
WAriii..NL.UlCK. Al.nl t, 'i'l.is
! was a u:.y o. emUusiaotic patriot c
! ce.eoialiiiiis Decked by su:s.riptioi.B
j I j government bonus of the tnint Liu-
e.ty loon. 1 nruiihouL t.iu Limed,
'Stat 2s communities observed tne a:i
I niversary of the nation's entrance into
j t..e wi, hUd ave material evidence
oi their support by pledging millions
I of dollars to insure aucces.-iJl co.i-
iiniunce ol tne struggle against Ciji
many. v hile parades and public meeungs
were in progress i;i norly evtry city,
telegrams were pouring into u.rty
loan headquarters at ine treasury,
idling ot towns which had exceeded
tncii quota in tne uiit uay of tne
fuur-v, t.-ks campaign, or even within
ti.e lirst hour. More than lot" hau
icported when the headquarters closea
tonight and more still were coining
in. Sioux City, Iowa, and Lynn, Mas-,
were tne larg -st ci.l.'s exceeding tneir
allotments and thereby winning tne-
t lietit tri flv the honor tue ni thii
third Liberty loan.
The lact tltat most others wer?.
small towns, prompted an announce
ment by the treasury that their ag-
1 gregate suLSiTiptions were '"in.'initesi
jmal" compared with the $3.0ti0,00,uo
! campaign go:il, and that tuday's BUb-
) reports "should not be conducive to
undue optimism regarding the final
! result."
It was impossible tonight to esti
mate the day's subscriptions nince
workers in most cities reportcd they
were too busy celebrating to tabu
late their lists.
RUSSIANS ARE NOT
PARTICIPATING IN
FIGHT WITH FINS
MOSCOW, Friday, April 5.. (By the
Associated Press) It is reported that
the commissioners of the Baltic fleet
have decided to sell all transports aiiA
auxiliary warships to Russian firms tr
citizens, on condition that the gov
ernment retain control. This means
that their disposal to aliens would
net be permitted. This measure was
deemed necessary' in view of th Ger
man landing in Finland, which creates
a precarious situation.
Authentic information has been re-cc-ived
that the Germans have landed
12.000 men from thirty war ships and
transports. It apparently is con
siderel that Russia is not conrerned.
and this action has been protested
thus far.
No Russian troops ar? participiting
in the fiuhtin in Finland according
to an o.'f'ciJl statement, all these
troops having bee nremoved after the
Brest-Li'.ovsfc treaty. Any Russians
remaining are considered volunteers
who ma ybe attached to either camp.
Post cards and letters received in
Douglas were to the effect that the
Fiftecenth cavalry had arrived safely
in France, and it is now on the way
to join the American forces on the bat
tle fronts of Europe.
owaro s
i
Per
COURT HOLDS NOT
NECESSARY FOR
EXAMINATIONS
Contention of County Attor
ney Ross Upheld By Deci
sion cf the Supreme Court
in Birch Case.
The contention of County Attorney
Inhtn V 1 -' . i j anil lha riilinir r, I I ... 1 .
LrfjcK'.Moti mat it. was not necessary
for a preliminary examination be giv
en to parties charged with a violation
of the. prohibition law. has been up-
i held by a decision rendered a few
days fcgo in the Case of the State vs.
Bob Birch from Yavapai couuty, by
j the Supreme Court.
The decision upholds that in prose
. cutious tor the disposition of intoxicat
' ing liquor a preliminary before a com
I muting magistrate is not necessary.
Attorneys of Cochise county have
I beei: much interested in the outcome
of ti.e appeal in the Birch case, as sev
't tral mooted points were raised in the
I appeal.
I The supreme court held, further,
' that th admissinta of a bottle in evi
dence after it had been traced from
I the hands of the bootlegger into the
j court room, was not objectionable. It
I was contended in the Birch case that
''this was not proper identification.
Another Interesting point settled by
the court's decision was that relating
! to the admissibility of evidence con
; cernin . other previous and similar
eales by the defendant. It was held
that evidence ot other sales of a simi
lar nature to that charged in the in
formation is admissible when it is for
1 the i-urpose of showing a desire for
I secrecy and it is disposed of surrep
tiousiy and in a roundabout way cal
culatea to evade detection and where
the evidence is limited to showing a
plan, or scheme.
i . Regarding the testimony of detec
; tiv'ts the court holds that such evi
. delice is not unworthy of belief merely
becaase of the detective's employment
i arid liis interest in the case.
, The opinion was written by Justice
Frank.in. Justices Ross and.Cunning-
hant concurring. Judge John II. Camp
bell, of Tucson, was associated with
counsel for the stale in this case and
, he cxpress-ed th.? opinion that the
.court's decision definitely decides the
'mooted question of whether or not in
formations, njay be filed direct in the
superior court without the formality
of a i.reliminary hearing in the Justice
court.
PRUSSIAN ARMIES
NOW NEAR KHARKOV
Mt'SCCW, .'.p-i'. 6.. 1 1 t the Ass m i
nted Press) Adolrh wC.ffe. who was
chairman of the K'issian peace dele-
.!K9
o
ear
THE AMERICAN OIL FIELDS COMPANY
General Offices Security Building
LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA
To Vi:om it .May Concern:
Tiiis wiii certify ti.at 1 have known Mr. E. A. Edwards
as an oil refiner, and as having general experience in the
.!! hu-i:u;s. lor a pi riod o:' about 17 years. a:id I know
tlia' his experience a; that time was great, both as a rf
fiiier umj a manipulator of petroleum in its various furms.
I.) a niv.ir.i! wj.y. I know that he has had considerable c
ps :?"" e it; !h ijevciopmrr.t if o l lands.
K. J. DOHKNY.
The following Oil Experts and Geolo
gists have reportcd favorably on the
CHINO VALLEY Oil Fields:
DR. E. A. EDWARDS
E. RONALD SAGER
DR. ETIENNE A RI7TER
ALEXANDER ROY
L. P. MORGAN
1:,,i
of the capi at
tlwt there is
MILTCN A. ALLEN
.MINERAL Tt-VH01.0;iST OF THE ARIZONA
STATK P.l RKAi OK MINES. OK THE
PNIYKRSITY OK ARIZONA
VINCENT iVicDERMOTT
I "V KN'i't" ii A M.U "
H. M. JOHNSON
OK CALIFORNIA
LEY LANDS
gation at Brest-Litvsk. has been ap
pointed ambassador to Berlin. Leo
Kamencff. who was a member of the
peace delegation, has been named as
ambassador to Vienna.
The Germans are thirty-five versts
from Kharkov, the evacuation of whicli
city is nearly complete.
Mrs. Jesse Jackson, of Tombstone,
wife of Major Jesse Jackson, with the
! U. S. Signal Corps in France, yester
day received from her husband who is
at the front several copies of the offi
cial newspaper, 'The Stars and Stripes'
l ot the American Expeditionary Forces
; in France. The paper is a weekly an-1
has a staff made up of men from the
; American forces now there. It is an
interesting publication. Major Jack
son has been in the service a number
of years and hails originally from
Washington state. He saw service ia
Lower California before going over
seas. Mrs. Jackson and child are here
to obtain the benefit of Tombstone's
climr.te during the major's absence.
Y. W. C A- CAFETERIA
OPEN TO THE PUBLIC
Prices Reasonable
Breakfast 6:50 to 8:30
Lunch 11:30 to 1:30
Dinner 5:00 to :30
A Drop On a
Touchy Corn
Instant relief! Then corn or
callus lifts off with fingers.
Just think! You can lift
off any corn or callus
without one twinge of
pain.
A Cincinnati man dis
covered this ether cora
pV'und and named it freex
one. Any druggist will
sell a tiny bottle of frecz
one for very little cost.
You apply a few drops dir
ectly upon a tender corn
or callus. Instantly the
soreness disappears, then
shortly you will find the
corn or callus sA loose that
you can lift it right off.
Freezone is wonderful.
It dries instantly. It does
not eat away the corn or
callus, but shrivels it up
..-:..... A..Kn t ....I.... iWa
I ILkin.
Hard corns, soft corns.
or corns between the toes, as well s
painful calluses, lift right off. There
ia no pain before or afterwards. No
soreness or smarting. Women should
keep a tiny bottle on the dresser and
never let a corn ache twice. Adv.
wn
EDWARDS
ft r EIGHT
IRA
nno
IT TT
1YAL
d Z! Blfir bet Ml Ilii
1 liL-
G I
Today and Monday
shows today start i:00, 3:15, 6:45 and 9:00 O'clock Today and Monday
30,000 PEOPLE
3000 HORSES
COST
$10,000
It took months to make
Showing the massive of
scenes of Ancient Rome
and Alexandria. Eighty
ships, especially constructed
for the naval battle scenes
and later burned.
m$$k WILLIAM r OX PRESENT
The New York American
says:
"Cleopatria is the most
spectacular photo - drama
Mr. Fox has ever made. The
scenes were so gorgeous
they brought continued applause."
The New York Evening
Telegram says:
"As a spectacle this new
film surpasses the 'Birth of
a Nation "
V ednesday 1 f
APRIL . . . IU
GUSS HILL OFFERS
The World-Famous Car
toon Musical Comedy
BRINGING
UP
FATHER
ABROAD
A Fot-Pcurri of Pretty
Girls.
PRICES 25c, 50c, 75c, $1
SEATS NOW ON SALE
THEATRE
TODAY
1 TO 10:30
Ruth Clifford
anc
RupeitluJian
In a WonJerfd Pctray&l of !
F. Hopkinson .Srnh's Grip
ping Stcry
J
km
66
SI DFW
The Above is Just a Few cf the Many Sights of Eewilderment That Will Be Seen In
covery of the sulphur, when the stock
, will be put on the market at an ad-
I, vonce of several times the present
'' price. For full particulars, see F. j
BRIGGS & CO.. opposile Central thea- :
tre, Lowell. Ariz. Adv. 478
i
1 Dr. Playfalr, Osteopath. SS iiauu I
Hill, Mason car stop. Phono Blue 647
1 Adv. 231 I
RA
I j. im 1 oitr-" - - ' - -' "- ' ' i. nn .on 1 mini Hfni.i.m in m i lllium mm mm MUrilW
Li ii iiii ii ii i iimm.i ! mnn impipni.il i hi i n.wmmmir. 'ji'mvHummmiimMH a ixi n i,miimwiyu, i 'w I in i. I w 1
'.L... .... - ---.'i:. -r-:'--Vt---- - - - ' . m. '-'l i a
ROCK HILL'S 3TAGE
Bfsbee-Tombstone, Leaves Bisbee
Blgbee Auto Co., 7 a, 1:30 p. in. 7
Phone Bisbee 5. Adv.
MATERNITY HOME.
Call Tibck 573 for terms, etc.
Adverti?emer.t-974
MADAM CAGNEY
I Lifts the dark vf i: of the past, reads
the destiny of the f -ture. Across from
theatre, Lowell. Adv. C53
"A
Kentucky
Cinderella"
A Bluebird Photoplay in
tive Massive Acts. Als
A Two Reel
Comedy
Prices 5c and 10c
ine of the Greatest Photoplays of the
Day
, For nooh day luncn. co to the . rltv all. Bisbee. Ariz . on Wnniiav pv.
j English Kitchen and rv one of their nin.pril 8th. 11S. at 7:C p. m.
35c combinations; choice of three! Business of importance. All stocl'.
! combinations. Adv. 1 17 holders urged to be present.
! Adv. 55.1
FREE
i Green Turtle at the English Kitchen
i today. Turtle soup, potted turtle will
be served free with our Sunday din
ner today. Adv. 574
Special Music By Orchestra
MAT1NTEE ...Children 25 Cents; Adults 50 Cents
NIGHT Children 25 Cents; Adults 75 Cents
A Few Seats at $1.00. All Prices Plus War Tax.
, Reduce the hish cost of living by
bringing: yonr shoes to our repair de
partment. Kobey's, opposite Eafcle
theater. Adv. 53S
L. L. Oilman sells the Nev EOison,
"the phenopraph with a soul."
vy Mi &
T
TODAY
CONTINUOUS, 1 TO 11
i
HP A TOP
TODAY
WM. FOX PRESeJTS
DUST!
IN THE EIGHT-ACT FOX SPECIAL
SPY"
By GEORGE BRONSON HOWARD
THE SECRETS OF AN EMPIRE Involving the Peace and Happiness of Every Home
in the United States Are Brought Into the Broad Light of Day.
ADMISSION: CHILDREN 15 CENTS
ADULTS 25 CENTS
Ihe Golden State Limited tonight to
Monroe City, Mo., accompanied by the
husband and son. They will be joined
at aKnsas City by Megan Elliott, the
son, who is In training there.
Business Locals
(TOO LATE TO CLASSIFY.)
KOh t.ALE 1917 Ford Chassis. al
stiiulely A-l condition. Price $325.,
only f liu cash, balance monthly pay
ments. Hcod & Bledsoe. Johnson
Addition. i;i
WANTED One furnished room ' in
private family, within walking dist
ance of the Copper Queen Hotel to
r..cals Answer 11. Review.
WAS BISBEE VISITOR.
Mrs. T. K. Brandt, widow of the late
Tombstone banker, was in the city yes
terday on a short visit to friends. The Ozark boarding and room in
while on her way to Donglas to visit, 'house, 71 Brewery Gulch. Adv. liJl '
Expert paper hanger and painer.
J. Brandt, phone 456. Box 150. I
UNDER NEW MANAGEMENT
The Ozark boarding and room
f. '
so ,
; SPECIAL TODAY ONLY.
' Ri'.vs extra well made hih overalls
ages 4 to 14. Today only, 65c. '
KOBEY'S. opp. Eagle Theatre.
FOB. RENT Nice sleeping room for
one or two gentlemen. Apt. 4 Brok4
Apartments, t). K. St. 613
Sui' Cases $2.50 values for $1.B5.
KOBEY'S. opp. Eagle Theatre.
FOR SALE Furniture of three rooms
:it a bargain. Call Black 7S. 61-'
WANTED Maid for general house
work Phone 17. 61"
FOR LOS ANGELES.-.
J. J Bowen left last night on the
Golden State Limited for Los Angeles
where he will spend a few weeks on
a visit to his wife, who Is in that city
on Account of her health.
HAVE RETURNED.
Dr. C. H. Hunt. M. E. Cassidy.
Jame Brophy and others who have
been pt Silver City for the past week,
have returned. They report that city
as kmr, quite lively at the present
time.
CLOS
SUL-
ITJG SALE OF WARREN
PHUR 4 OIL STOCK
The present 20-cent allotment la just
about sold out. this will be the last al
lotment for sale until the company is
ready to Install their plant for the re-
NOTICE. ;FO!'. SALE -10 room boarding and
Th!!-o will lie a meeting of the old rooming bouse complete ouilit: a
members of the Copper Q'leen Ban I b.!rruin if taken at once. Cowan
at Y. M. C. A.. 2 p. m. Sunday. 561 Uide. 21. Lowell. 6s
FUIi KENT 3 rooms, partly furnish
ed: lights and water; gas stove. 5S
Jiggeiville. 6'7
ARIZONA AUTOMATIC AIR AS
SOCIATION. The adjourned meeting of the
stockholders of the Arizona Automat
ic Air association will be held in the
Guarantee Paint Co.. Phone 750.
Adv. 6o!
WAS IN CITY,
Mm. M. Abell, of the Gobson Ab-!
stract Company of Tombstone, was in
the city yesterday on a short visit to 1
friciiils and then continued on to Naco 1
on a visit to her brother, E. A. Folsum
and hie family. She will return to
Tombstone tomorrow. I
PURCHASED CARS. v
The Bisbee Auto company reports;
sale3 ouring the past week of the fo!-;
lowing: StiKlebaker Six to Gus Haig-:
ler; two Hudson Sixes to Keay & j
Johnscu. at Douglas; Studebaker Four
to Ali S. Mann; Studebaker Four to '
A. G. Stevenson, the cattleman.
FROM PEARCE.
Mrs. A. Y. Smith, the energetic
worker for the Red Cross, and who
has done more for that organization
than liny other woman in the north
ern part of the county, was in the
city esterday. vonferring with the
members of the Bisbee branch.
City Briefs
who enjoyed the music provided by
the band. More successful dances are
planned as the summer advances.
stone expect to be over to attend the
services.
ON WAY TO DOUGLAS.
Arthur Heney. the merchant prince
of Fairbank and Tombstone, was in
the city yesterday on a short visit
whi'e on his way to Douglas to attend
the meeting of the wholesale grocers.
: He also stopped over a short while last
eveninp on his way to Fairbank. Ha
i state that the meeting at Douglas
, was well attended.
0RPHEUM
i oca i ke
CONTINUOUS FROM 1 TO 11
CONTINUOUS FROM 1 TO 11
WILLIAM FOX Presents WILLIAM FARNUM
IN
Fun
Methods
encan
0 A Special Super de Luxe Photoplay Showing the Eminent Screen Star in a Picturiration
H of an Absorbing Drama of Love and Business. A Vehicle Which well Illustrates the
C'i .. . - . 1 i I . I
Versatility of This Worlc hamous-Portrayer ot Human Interest Koies. A pnotopiay
Teeming With a Human Interest Thrill. ,
"COURTS AND CABARETS"
A Two-Reel Keystone Comedy With Gales of Laughter.
ADMISSION 5 AND 10 CENTS
ADMISSION 5 AND 10 CENTS
(LYRIC THEATRE
Balcony 5c
Lower floor 10c
Rrserwed seats 20c
Has anyone visited you? Or
have you entertained? If bo. call
the Review after 6 p. m. and tell
the Society Editor, Pbone 39. ;
WERE IN CITY,
John J. McCourt and family, of
Douglas, were in the city yesterday on
a visit and registered at the Copper
Queen Hotel.
WEFiE INTOMBSTONE,
Ailf-rneys Hod McDonald, S. K. Wil
liams and Alexander Murray were in
Tombstone yesterday on business be
fore the Superior Court. They each
had actions for divorce before the
court j
HAVE RETURNED.
C. W. Boswell and bride, nee Ruth
Wade, have returned from a honey
moon trip to various places of interest
in Cii'itornia and have taken up their
residence in Warren. Mr. Boswell has
resumed his duties in the Citizens
Bank.
MANY ATTEND DANCE.
The C. & A. band boys' dance at
Vista Park, Warren, last night was
attended by more thai 2iK couples
FUNERAL SERVICES TODAY,
The funeral services over the body
! of the late Scotty McDonald will be
held this afternoon at two o'clock
from the thapel of the Palace Under
taking Parlors. Rev. Kriihhaum will
officiate and interment will be had at
ithe Evergreen cemetery. A number of
of tne deceased's friends from Tomb-
' MRS. ELLIOT DIES.
I M Robert Elliott, aged 4S years,
died yesterday morning at her home
on C lawson Hill. She is survived by
' her husband and two sons, one of
I whom is at Camp Funston. two hr
j thers, J. W. and Thos. Jlogan, resident
' here, and a sister. Miss Francis Hogan.
of Globe. The body will be shipped on
, WENTTO DOUGLAS.
United States Deputy Marshal James
i McDonald went 1o Douglas yesterday
'afternoon to place under arrest S. L. I
etri.l in thfll nitv u-tin hrwl lipon in.
; dieted by the U. S. Grand Jury of a ,
violation orf the President's prolama-!
tion regarding the shipping of goods j
i int.") Mexico. It is alleged that Mulsh ,
: smug;;".ed a quantity of condensed '
milk rtross the border. Bail was fixed j
in the sum of $500, which he furnished.
FREE
Href n Turtle at the English Kitchen
today. Turtle soup, potted turtle will '
: be served free with our Sunday din-
uer today Adv. 074
I
WILLIAM A. BRADY PRESENTS
KITTY GORDON in "fler flour"
In five parts. What happened to a poor working girl who finally got to the position
where she could make the man who had wronged her, pay for what he had done... A
story of modern life in home and cabaret.
PARAMOUNT MACK SENNETT COMEDY
"That N is-hi
In Two Parts, With Chat lie Murray, Way land Trask and M a r y Thurman
99 It
1
MINING
SOCIETY
SECTION
', SECTION
MEMBER A880CIATED PRE88
VOL. 20. No. 259.
THE BIS BEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, APRIL 7, 1918.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
MINES, MINING, LOCAL STOCKS AND COPPER
X
ill H H E
III III B 9 EC3 caa
v
111!'-
.ill, .
xsrv ess
13
A
e
mill
I : v .
1 - ' A New National
. 's. rr ...:-,..-wx .111 k
Arizona Mines Show
Pafriotic Zeal When
Government Appeals
) In Copper Division, Metal Production Forced With Tremen
j dously Expensive Betterments And Increases; Patriot
ism of Men in Plants R anks High; Compares Highly
With Workers in Shipy ards; Higher Prices Needed.
Navy
5 k)"OREATEST5"TREN0TH
5, r "
UE5TI20YEB.S
...
t -i '
4 .
1
' i..'C!i CE-N'ivtAL John ). Pl-csh.ng
I On the sixth day of April. 1917, j funds for participation in the greatest war against Austria-Hungary and a
INP11
AND
All
Willi'
OPERATING
President Wilson proclaimed the ex- of
wee
and
, ui nai Tuuuua uicanuiiril uric uin itrw ziunii lau csjiiun ncie tluucu. IU uc
istence of a state of war between the .cussed and approved by congress. Lib- spoils of war. Last month this nation
1 nitea states or America
CAPACITY
mm
I UllUL
the.erty loans, savings stamps, and in- acting in concert with Great Britain
German empire? creased income taxes have brought announced its intention, in accord-
That was one ?ear ago. Twelve' home to every American the know-ance with a recognized right of inter
months have passed, and the Ameri-' ledge that the nation that fights must ' national law. to seize all Dutch ship
can people cannot yet appreciate thejpay. and that the national obligation , ping within its jurisdiction. Holland,
prodigious significance of the action cannot be shirked by any individual. ! overawed by Germany, had practically
then taken. In twelve months Ameri- U. S. Army Now Factor in War j withdrawn tts shipping from interna-
;ca has felt the war. It has been! vw 1.,, , ... .. ,onal commerce, and could offer no
brought home in many ways. But
HIGHER COSTS ITEM
CUTS U.S. SMELTING
COMPANY'S PROFITS
Former Declares Usual Divi
dend of $2 a Share; Labor
Supply Better; Power
House Extension Finished.
Uleven yet the nation is in Europe s sea
I (t xnnA nn tnnrp than dtiL-Ia itopn
I " " u
The story of the past year Is a story
of steadily growing understanding.
Inspiration Consolidated Copper Co.
has declared the usual dividend of $2
a share for the quarter, payable April
28 to holders of record April 12.
Inspiration' dividend record to date
follows :
1918 $4.00
1917 r.... 8.00
1916 5.25
Includes current declaration.
Operations at the property at pres
ent are at nearly 100 per cent capacity,
19 1-2 of the 20 sections of the concen
trating plant working.
Rapid progress toward normal oper
ations were made in . the past few
weeks. The labor supply is satisfac
tory and everything is favorable.
CAPACITY AT MIAMI
Capacity operations have again been
resurneu by the Miami Copper Co. and
present conditions point to a March
copper yield of 6,000.000 pounds.
The payroll contains the normal
number of names, although efficiency
has not come up to the earlier stand-
x-... - . . ,, . , ,, . i.viia. .wiii mi 1 v. r , aim iiiuiu unci ...
. i , " ,0V?r the:e' ! logical objection to the decision o
aj!"my,! 'n;:?'mn& OV: the allies. Very recently an aaree
er here." The building of the military
ery
ment has been reached
an aaTee-
with Japan
n.ln).h..lin.nl.l 1. .. - n ; 1 ,
7 'u . j , Vr "! whereby a fleet of Japanese vessels is
through without spriniM dislocation nt i . .
i to be placed in American service for
Little bv little the meanine of warl. -r. . .1 'the period of the war.
has been impressed on the people's "0 me expres,ior o good will It W,,h ,,,ese
mind. By the selective service law. "Je Ire than a IS of ub , "rfs and larRe addition8 ,he blWlnK
by food and fuel regulation, by gov- 'a , "X ,"0 Us numbers ( problem remains one of ,he niost dif'
ernment control of railroads, by the Tfli uTnLn" 'h 7f ? I "W. nieh .." nation tnust face. In
' - niKfltl.in Tfi I IP prt ripf or rrana.
In no other division of war industry in the country has there been shown
the patriotic zeal, regardless of purse, to the end of supplying present as
well as future needs of the nation and its allies that has been ind is in evi
dence) in the Arizona copper industry.
In steel, gun. ship, ammunition, cotton and agricultural divisions there
has been demand for contracts at figures assuring profit on the construc
tion of new plants to meet tha contract requirements and of price fixations
by the government in the agricultural division that would assure agricul
turists of liberal profits.
Betterment of Plant.
In the copper division, in Arizona In particular, the metal producers
have gone ahead with tremendously expensive betterments and increases
to plants in the face of lowered price for tlieir output, price that is many
per cent below the figure that ,oen market conditions would have unques
tionably maintained. The patriotism of the mnn in the mines, mills and
smelters under the circumstances has been nd less than that of the owners
of the properties, numbering hundreds of thousands of small investors through
out the country, and marks up for the copper mining industry workers a
credit score in patriotism that" is in remarkable contrast with the records
of men in the shipyards and in all other war industries in the country. Both
mining industry workers and share holders know that with federal hand off
and an open market for the metal their returns would be greatly increased,
but in neither instance has there ben a murmur of complaint from those in
command of the operation of copper properties in Arizona. An increase in
the price of the metal and the increase in wages and in returns to investors,
would be welcome, but no one has threatened to balk if It should not be
forthcoming. - . , ;
. . . .-. Denn NoUbU Example.
Penn-Arizona. rushed into production since the declaration of war. is one
of the notable Arizona copper endeavors to increase copper output on a low
metal price regardless of the exorbitant costs of all material and supplies,
and of labor as compared with costs of normal times. These costs, it is 10
be said, are such as to compel the negation of business judgment and oblige
the substitution of strictly patriotic motives. Nobody would open a mine.
I build a mill or a smelter under present costs on a strictly business diagnosis.
! That is. considering the copper metal price fixed by the government and in
force practically since war was declared. But Denn is now shipping two cars
of high grade the day. whereas it was an abandoned property until June
j last, when $1,500,000 ws voted to make it an auxiliary ot the nation s neeas.
Shattuck-Arizona. with a mill in course of construction wmcn win anil 10
its output of copper, is another instance of large Investment In underground
development and surface construction of Inception since the declaration
of war and under conditions such as set forih. Both these properties are
Although output of minerals for 1917
with the exception of gold and zinc,
was greater in the preceding year, net
earnings cf United States Smelting af
ter depreciation were only $4,197,815. ,n th(f Warren district, as are also Copper Queen activities involving the
imposition of income taxes, bv the 1 1. 1 1 .i.'. ... :
calls for popular loans, the govern-! lifl fjVhting At this critical period ' '",rts wnirn constantly carrying sol
u- 1 j. i .." . Hie Ilgniinif. At mis Critical periOU j , Kranro thpro must ho an fv.
ment has made clear that "business nf Hip war hnndrpda nf fi.n..an,i f
as usual" in time of war is scarcely Americans are headed toward Kuropei
an accurate pnrase. American dusi- an(1 on tlleiP arrjvai thev win i)P
euiiinnnd to ficht at nnrp without nnv
ner the strain, but It Is not mute as! frii,or niimiiir ir.jinin,, tv. nun J
en greater fleet to carry food and
other supplies to our own soldiers, to
ness has. Indeed, stood sfanrhlv nn- . a :... "r allies and to ine neutral nations.
. . j r-u.1 tlllli:U L(I I I! 11 MI II. 111-. Willi. Ill I HI , I m. . .. .
, ,, . ' . , ' " - mat mere 11
Secretary Baker laid before congress
an army bill prepared by the general
staff and approved by the president.
It provided for the selective draft and
the nationalization of the militia. Not
until June 3 did the bill become a law.
The machinery of the draft was at
once set in motion and the selection
and organization of the great national
army was begun. The United States
thug became for the first time in Its
history a truly military nation.
Demands For War Measures Crow
The next important step was to pro
vide protection from the. German
agents whose activities in the United
States both before and after the dec
laration of belligerency bad wrought
much havoc and endangered essential
industries. The espionage act. which
ards. This has made it necessary to!"cover multitude of sins." was
usual, inaivmuai comrons nave neen ; praI Fo..., thp ,!.. nan.pH
diminished, non-essential activities issmo of ali tlie aIiied for,.os
have dwindled. luxuries have been ta-ern Europe. General Pershing has
booed, the private citizen has as never tendered the eutire American estab
before been made to realize his re- j lament to be used in the great de
sponsibility as a part of the republic, j fenye against Hindenburg.
It was on April 5. one day before 1 For two months Americans have
the formal declaration of war. that hppii fithtin in tli front lino troni-h.
es. 1 lie nrst mention or Americans
actuallv in battle came at the time of
the German counterstroke. which
largely nullified Byng's brilliant vic
tory in front of Cambrai. American
las as yet been no paralyz-
inn 1 'i f Lr rf ttt i.ilitiia iu rtriA tt t a
general-j j t proofs of American resourceful
in west- .. ' .1
I .It "J, Pill. .11.114.1.
The. American navy has played no
important part in the war, hut its
presence both in Kuropean waters and
elsewhere has greatly added to the
confidence of the allies. Destroyers
under Admiral Sims have actively co
operated with the British in the sport
of hunting U-Boats. and have done
well.
One year ago America entered the
! expenditure of millions of dollars to make available large low grade ueposit
confine mining operations very largely
to cnvin gag sufficient men to handle
the "slicing" system have not been
found. '
Enlargement of power house facili
ties should be completed within short
time, adding two units each with 4000
kilowat capacity. This will permit of
reserve power always available and
will also enable the company to elimi
nate present arrangements whereby
the Inspiration Consolidated Copper
Co. supplies some power to Miami.
made a law May 31. Judged by Amer
ican traditions Its provisions are
stringent, but it has failed to curb
the activities of spies, of propacan- )nK as tne neHd of men
war against Germany: eight months
engineers were caught in the German j iater war was declared against Aus-
surprlse, and America had her first tria: on April 20 Turkey severed dip
battle casualty lists, blnce then Am- lomatic relations with the
ericans have taken over a considera-1 states, but neither Turkey nor the
ble sector in French Lorraine. It Is a United States has declared war. Our
"quiet" part of the front, and the ap-l relations with Bulgaria remain pre
pearance of the Americans has not dsely as thev were before the war.
encouraged the Germans to make any, nulgari.i has "full diplomatic and con
unusual demonstrations. Except foi ; siar representation in America,
the usual raids the Americans have as ! while the American minister to Rou-
vpt not hppn in hattlp Thov liavp i ....;., i.. a,;n , l..i, i.-o 1 1 a,.,.,.pilit.rl
however, had a fine experience of ! ,0 Bulgaria as well. The presence of hampered y he unsettled conditions
Hun war methods, and are prepared ! a Bulgarian legation In Washington : Prevailing that country Only one
for more serious work at any time. : seems an interestim: manifestation of: mil cnul.l be partly operated, and op
ci.;ir, D-hi.n, i. R.,;. i . - , ;eratioiis were conducted at a loss up
wvorp...)! . .ww.w... . Allien, uii iwi .n c.
1 t . : , J . . ." ) li.tii V.a ...... I (tin u-or 1 1 !) u
r.vfn neiorr Amen h s m .r.... i....... w. . r' "t however Ix.th mills
ot neiiigerency me snipping proniem . come .o niiu ni.. .l tons ueainst rale.l capucitv of r.o.ortO
had become acute. With America at' wheatlcss days and meatless days. It ' '"s ' f" " . riMP" '"'""J
as compared with $8,893,463 in 1916. a
dpcrpssp of t4 Tllll 64S Parllv ari .iirnt-
able for this sharp drop In profits, is J t the earliest time, work which has had rush orders since the dec laration
that the amount set aside for depre- of war. and Calumet & Arizona endeavors in the extension of research at
ciation last year was $732.3'6 greater depth as well as on the surface, where particular attention has been paid to
than in ihe previous twelve months. man:i,ne(e witll resull!, that nave (ee very helpful to the government.
The true reason, however, was due to I
. . ... I Verde Extension Smelter,
the sharp advance in mining costs. '
These inc reased ccsts are directly At Jerome the United Verde Extension is putting up a smelter that will
IhTm'anT, I ' " to T" a,ten,in ,0
higher prices paid for custom ores. ut of small shippers, as well as in enabling Extension to turn -out more
dert make ',1 Zr. This construction was conceived and ordered carried out only when
same conditions with that of 1!U6. it became apparent that grips witll Germanv was inevitable. Other equally
'"".rwr" AHerTr:" important work, from the commercial viewpoint, which Extension interests
ing war excess taxes, the balanc e avail j ilad in contemplation, mainly railroad building, but non-essential except from
able for the 371.1 17 shares of common I , . , ., . , , .ijiri,i
stock vas equivalent to $.V13. the standpoint of increased revenue for those interests. sidetra.ked
Hecrease in zinc production was J utit f I after the war simply because of the exorbitant costs of materials and
sharp, declining lO.Mll.'t.r.ri.l pounds ' ....... , . ....
when compared with that of l'llfi. 1-hor under existing conditions. nited er.le provides another example.
while gold dropped from 129.273 ozs. 1 h vin ellEaf,,.d since the declaration of war on smelter increases and mine
United i lu 1";T.' J- wuisme inese iwo an mn'r
metals showed substantial increases.
In addition to the marked falling off in
zinc on put . was the decline in the av
eraga price to 9.3"i rents per pound or
almost " cents under the average 1916
price.
Mexican operation during the earlv
months of last year were seriously
'until June. During the last six months
average 54.60.)
1 war the need ot ships became as press j has brought susar famines and fuel(
I in? as the need of men The shinnine famines. It has brought increased I
dists. o fincendiaries. Little by little hoard had been created in the fall of' taxes and increased postal rates. It
tons t lonthly.
there has grown the demand for real, jgjg antj after the declaration of Am-! has brought popular loans and de-j
war measures against the insidious en
emies who are fighting Uie kaiser's
battles in America.
Not until August 10 was It possible
for the administration to get enaxtcd
a food control bill. The need was im
perative, but the playing of politics
The plant was originally built to fur- and the selfish opposition of special
nisa power for a mill handling 30n.O interests caus-ed a delay which sore
ton of ore daily; today the conceo- ly tried the patience of the American
trator treats 6000 tons of ore per day. I people. As finally enacted the food
Miami has some metallurgical prob- J bill placed food control in the hands
lems to solve. These have to do with of one man. and Mr. Hoover's policies
the treatment of some 6.000.000 tons j and suggestions have met with hearty
of oxidized ores and ujiout 7.000.000 approval and commanded general co
tona of tailings. Progress along this 1 operation.
line has been made. I Meanwhile to raise the needful
NORMAL OPERATIONS
AT GREEN CANANEA
erican belligerency its scope and pow-! mands for contributions to war phil-
ers were greatly extended. By Ocv i anthropies. But it has brought no .
tober. 1917. congress had authorized ! fleets of Zeppelin baby-killers: it has I
the expenditure of $1,934,000,000 for; brought no devastating Hunnlsii
the construction and purchase of ships j horde. Americans know that of all,
The Emergency Fleet Corporation, a the greater allies they are the most NEW VOUK -Officials of the Greene
subsidiary organization of the shin- fortunate. Thev know that their sac-, ranar.ea Copper Company slate that
i ping board, has commandeered all rifices are small In comparison lin the company is hack to near normal.
vessels nf 2500 tons and over building; tne sacrifices ot tne peoples no are i i,annr i ripntuui ann tne ouiiook at
in the United States. On May 12 the 1 their war-brothers. In faring another j present is belter than it has been at
president as authorized to seize all and MUerer year. Ihe American pco-j any lime since Ihe shutdown of last
ships in the jurisdiction of the United ; pie are cheerful, confident and deter- June. Production figures for March
States owned by any corporation or j mined. The period of prepaialion Is I will be made public in the next ten
citizen of a nation at war with the: almost past. One year from today. If days or two weeks, and from daily re
United States. German ships were Im i tho Hun is not crushed by that time, j port, received officials are looking for
mediately seized. On IW-ember 3 ! America will he the real leader of j a tol;-l output of copper something in
congress sanctioned a declaration ot the world's democracies. excels of 4.ono,ooo lbs.
extensions costing millions which have government aid as their onl yexcuse
under existing cost conditions. Otherwise they had much better delayed
these expenditures Miitil a normal costs period.
Cornelia Make Extension.
At Ajo, rush work on. plans for extensions by New Cornelia can be ex
plained only in the same way. They do not know how long the war will
last and they propose doing all they can In making ready for any eventuality,
regardless of high costs. If the government is still at war a year "or two
from now. New Cornelia will be there with the Increase in copper output of
which humanity may stand in direst need. So will Inspiration, which ha
been far from idle in matters of extension of resources and of plans of in
creasing its already gTeat capacity. So also will Old Dominion, Miami. Arizo
no Commercial. Iron Cap and other Globe-Miami properties which have been
carrying on new development regardless of the metal price, but with an eye
all the time on the needs of the nation and its allies. Neither has any other
copper district in Arizona been negligent in this matter. Each and all has
been alert and at work, regardless of the mercenary side entirely.
Dividends Effected.
Mining share dividends earned in the quarter which ended with March
will probably he the least that owners of the stocks of Arizona producing com
panics have experienced in a long time. Supplies of all kinds advanced In
price during the quarter, to which was added additional expense through
deloyed shipments and attendant loss of time at properties. Delay In trans
portation of metal to the eastern refineries also cut a figure in the last TWO
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, APRIL 7, 1918.
AR O A
MINES
SH0
PATRIOTIC
If
ZEAL WHEN GOVERNMENT APPEALS
quarter, lieing up a vast amount ot
money in the aggregate and compell
ing heavy interest charges.
In the two previous quarters divi
dend disbursements were aided by
contributions from surplus accounts tn
considerable extent. Surplus accounts,
accumulated prior to 234 cent cop
per, are no longer to be looked to lor
help, however. They are needed as
a reserve against federal taxation and
to take care of Liberty loan subscrip
tions. The latter will probably also
encroach upon dividend funds, it being
likely that some of the companies will
divert a part of former dividend dls-
bursements to the purchase of bonds.
Liberty Loan Figures.
In the previous Liberty loan cam
paigns tl(e mining companies have
carried the bulk of Arizona subscriptions,-while
employes of mining eom
panie in the state have carried more
than 80 per cent of the total indivi
dual subscriptions. To what extent
shareholders in the dividend earning
mining properties have participated in
the loans is not known, except within
the state, where the shareholders are
nearly all either mining company em
ployes or associated with mining dis
trict communities in a business way.
These were all generous contributors,
and are ready to more duplicate in the
new loan. Every mining community
in the state has its active organiza
tion ready to plunge into the sale of
bonds with more vigor than ever, a
spirit which is fully backed by the
people of those communities and the
companies. I
Smelter Make Increase. '
Arizona smelters made some im
provement in March over the Feb
ruary output of copper, but a material
gap remains to be closed before out
put reaches the maximum figure which
the refineries and marketing agencies
in the east are now setting up as es
sential to as free supply of govern
ment needs, at home and for its al
lies abroad, as war conditions make
demand for.
The refineries continue under 200,-1
000.000 pounds the month, as com
pared with a maximum in early 1917
of above 225,000,000 pounds. Advices
liore are that the refineries hope with
increased output from the smelters to
make 200,000,000 pounds in May or
June, and to maintain that figure. ,
However, 200,000,000 pounds the
month will not supply the needs of
the government for use on home con
tracts and for export, as these de
mands are now running. Best infor
mation is that shortage in present
and recent output, which must be
made up later, leaves the copper sup
ply situation a minus proposition for
some months to come even under the
most favorable conditions that can be
figured as possit-le ot realization. The
copper producers distributing commit
tee is at this time bearing the brunt
of the hardships attendent on short
supply and is having much to do in
maintaining anything approaching an
equilibrium in. distributing its avail
able supplies so as to Jumble priority
oraers inextricably.
Ore Shipments Rich.
Increase in mine shipments to Ari
zona smelters in March showed in
crease in richness of ore, but not in
tonnage of receipts. The miner will
readily analyze this as continuance of
an unfortunate situation, inasmuch as
to him it can only have its correct
meaning depletion of the highet
grade ores of the mines with no pos
sibility of adequate offset in increas
ed resources developed in high grade.
Theferore the increase In output par
takes considerably of camouflage. The
only correction that can be viewed as
possible from the practical side rests
in a higher price of the metal, so as
to enable the mining and smelting of
low grade ores as well as of the high
grade. This would mean the employ
ment of more men as well as higher
wages. The latter are not possible
on the present price of copper, a fact
that also has a part in the lower ef
ficiency and lower output of the
mines, for the reaosn that much of
the highly competent labor formerly
engaged in the mining districts' is
new finding more remunerative em
ployment on government contracts
which iay higher wages than the min
ing districts can afford. I
, Need More Mines. i
"Fine is the theory but likely to do
much more harm in practice than
good" is the comment contained in a
letter received here from the Arizona
Chapter A. M. C. with reference to
the tentative decision reached in the
recent Chicago conference of corpora
tion commissioners of the various
states as to stopping the sale ol
shares of new companies formed to
develop mining properties during the
remainder of the war. i
"In theory," says the letter, "this
would throw the burden, as well as
the profit, of opening up new mines
upon the shoulders of the large min
ing companies now in the field and
sufficiently financed for the conduct
of such work without making call up
on the money of the public. As a mat
ter of fact, however, these companies
are pushed to the limit of their capa
rity to keep up output from their
their mine,- and are going to con
tinue to be crowded as long as the
war lasts. They have had but scant
time for development and are behind
with the work of this kind which it
is absolutely necessary to conduct in
their operating, made mines. In order
to Veep output up. If they could spare
time to do development anywhere in
excess of that they have been doing,
it would be in these properties. Even
a hleher pri.cs for copper and ability j
O turn mor lareely to their lower'
grade ores will not greatly alter their
situation.
Must Continue Search. !
Meantime it is necessry that there
be no let u; In the search, for new
mines and the brinrfn of these under
development. The time and money of
others than the present large produc
ers will have to carry the (treat part
of this endeavor In the Initial stages,
and this cannot be done unless they
are able to Interest the money of the
investors in mining. If the war runs
along a year or two more, the coun
try will have need of all the progress
that may have been made in hunting
for and developing new mines, and
the present producing mines will have
necessity of purchasing these and com
pleting their equipment while they
ease up production and expand on de
velopment in their , old properties.
There is another phase as well, that
being the necessity in which the coun
try will stand at the end of the w&t
to go ahead with metals production
at maximum in order to hold the trade
of the world which will crowd upon
us then as never before. Certainly
the plans for all new mining enter
prise should be thoroughly investigat
ed, capitalization held within needs
and legitimacy of property establish
ed for the protection of the public, the
eyes of which should be kept con
stantly open to the costs of mining,
but hindrances to honest new develop
ment need be avoided."
Mining Congress Meets
To discuss various problems of the
war period as affecting the mining in
dustr) , inclusive of endeavors to make
the subscriptions to the present Liber
ty Loan the largest from the mining
districts that they have yet made, di
rectors of the Arizona Chapter Ameri
can Mining Congress will meet in Tuc
son on Monday and Tuesday. The
meeting is one of the bi-monthly ses
seions conducted by the directors
since the war and to be continued dur-
its rencd. The main purposes of the
meetings are to keep in touch v.uh
government needs from the met?l dis
tricts and to work out means to give
maximum assistance. The meetiLgs
are held in various mining centers ot
the stste, thus enabling touch with the
varying conditions which prevail. In
vitatiou to meet in Tucson was receiv
ed in the Douglas gathering of the di
rectors and their guests from the Tuc
son chamber of commerce. Follow'uil
the mle with board meetings, the ses
sions are confined to directors and in-;
vited guests.
Gold Gains Encouraging
The gains in gold ore reserves in
this district during the last year a'foi-1
one of the most encouraging war peri
od features in development in the
state, looking to the end of the war or
to the increased necessities of the gov
ernment and its allies for new gold
even before the end of war. In the
Boutiiern part ot the slate the large
increases made in silver-lead ora re
sources, and in equfpment for the hand
ling of these ores, is another highlv
encouraging feature along the sam
lines. In both gold and sliver divw
ions in the state expansion is steadily
continuing, although necessarily re
strained to some extent by high costs.
creasin? development activity on this
property.
Douglas Ships Ore
Ftank Douglas, who owns a proper
ty across the canyon and narrow val
ley from the Nippers has recently
shipped two or throe cars of ore and
recent reports say that a new ore
body has been encountered by Mr.
Douglas which insures a continuation
of operations by him.
Hall Sells a Property
J. M. Hall, who is a cattleman and
has an extensive range in the White
Tail canyon, at the bottom of the hill
from the Hilltop camp, is reported to
have recently made a sale of mining
property in that vicinity. Mr. Loom
is confirms this report anj will go
from here to Tombstone on business
connected with this deal.
The Hilltop Mine
Work is continuing at the Hilltop
property and President J. O. Fife, of
the company along with the secretary
from Kansas City, have been at the
camp several times during the past
month. Work on the lower tunnel is
making excellent progress . with a
force of about fifty men employed.
This camp may be regarded as one of
the high class in the state, so far as
the quality of labor employed is con
cerned. Only Americans are employ
ed and the only cheap labor ever em
ployed were Mexicans hired to work
on the road which was built by the
company, from the mining camp to
Rodeo.
Ajax and Other Properties
James Reay, general manager of the
Ajax company, Is now developing
what was formerly known as the Doan
& Gallagher group. This property Is
not far from the Nippers on the north
side of White Tail canyon, down to
ward its mouth. Mr. Reay Is now
sortlnp ore and shipments from this
property may be expected soon.
The King mine, formerly known as
the Cochise, is still the scene of act
ivity and good progress has been
made in the construction of the new
mill which is expected to be in opera
tion during the coming summer.
IRON CAP ESTIMATES
JANUARY RETURNS AT
FLATTERING FIGURES
The Iron Cap Ccpper Company's
March bulletin says:
"During January 79 cars of ore were
shipped to El Paso smeltery, which
cairied from .65 to .086 ozs. gold: 1.20
to 8.9 ozs. sliver and 4.21 to 12.06 pet
cent copper Fifty-six cars were ship
ped to the concentrating mill, which
carried a trace of gold; .62 to 6.8 ozs.
silver and 3.C to 8.8 per cent copper.
Returns rroni El Paso jrave $121. 1D2;
returns from the mill $2S,256; total
returns $149,448: expends $47,610;
approximate profit for January $101,!
S?S. Returns so far received indicate .
a profit for February of about one-half
that of January. j
"The directors recently met in Flor-
Ida because some of them could not i
come to ttoston to consider methods ;
lor caring: for the rapid growth of the'
dtpiX The plant which was installed !
about a year ago was thought then to
be good for from three to five years j
but we reached its capasity during the
latter part of last year. While that :
wj gratifying because of the large in- S
crease of earnings which came with it,
we are obliged to make several chang
es and it wa? decided to install addi
tional equipment which should double
the capacity of the plant, and to ask
the Arizona Eastern Railroad to ex
tend its track to the Iron Cap shaft
The general conditions of the property
under.eround are better than ever in
it3 history-"'
TAX COMMISSION IS
ON ANNUAL TOUR OF
ARIZONA PRODUCERS
With more than 600 men working
in the mine and not one employed at '
is me unique plan unuer which i
the Silver Bell mining property north-!
west of Tucson is being operated, ac
cording to members of the state tax
commission who visited the property
last week in their regular tour of in
spection. Every mrher working in the Silver
Bell mine is laboring under contract
nr luicp tho inon hoincr rlivirlri
into groups of two to seven and oper
ating some 140 different faces of the!
workings.
"The Silver Bell mine, through fav
orable market conditions, has been re
vived," declared C. M. Zander, chair
man of the state tax commission, yes
terday after the return of the commis
sion from their visit. "It will be one
of thi producing mines of Arizona."'
added Mr. Zander, "and It will be so
considered by the tax commission this
year.
"G. W. Dietz is in charge of the prop
erty and is working about 140 different
faces of the mine, taking out ore which
is being mixed with sulphide ores to
be sent to the Sasco smelter. The
mine is producing 10,000 totis of ore a
month, all mined by contract and lease
There are no daily wages paid. The
men work in parties of two to seven.
Some of them are making considerably
more in this manner than by day labor.
"Th tax commission Monday went
to A jo to inspect the New Cornelia
mine," added Mr. Zander. "This prop
erty will show a substantial net for
1917 and will be added to the list of
producing mines for Arizona this year.
This mine, which is located 140 miles
from the county seat, Tucson, will
greatly Increase the assessed valua
tion of the entire county. Pima coun
ty will undoubtedly use some of this
money to construct a first class auto
mobile highway from Tucson to Ajo.
"The tax commissioners last week
also visited the Mineral Hill mine," :
said Mr. Zander. "This mine is in
Pima county south of Tucson and is j
continuing some very extensive devel-,
opment work which has been going on j
for more than a year. It gives prom- j
isH "f becoming a splendid producer.
The company contemplates erecting a
concentrator on the ground.
MINING LECTURE AT -Y,M.
C. A. THURSDAY
A mining expert connected with the
C. & A. Mining company will lectura
next Thursday at the Y. M. C. A. on
the stoping methods of that company
He will examine the subject as it haa
come under his notice here from a
strictly practical point of view. The
exact way in which to lay timbers will
be the starting point of the lecture.
He w ill then go on to examine the va
rious kinds of stopes and the best way
to shore each up. Their use In con
nection with timbering and the dan
gers attending improper placing of the
limheis will al3o be explained at
length.
The peculiar rroblems of the C. &
A., its differences and its resemblance
to other mines in this district and else
where will receive attention, and ways
of fetting away in badly placed sec
lions will be given some attention.
Ordinary mistakes of 'new-comers,
their liability to set up timbers in a
way that will not hold ground, and
practical ways of telling exactly where
ihe timber should be placed and how
it should be set up will be of great in
terest to the newer men in the district.
Safe methods of removing timbers
that can be saved for another time,
methods of saving expense and getting
the most out of each log, will be ex
plained. This is of personal and vital
interest to each man working under
ground, for it not only saves expense
and useless labor, but also makes the
mines safer in case of fire. .The less
timber there is underground the safer
the place will be in case of fire.
The name of the speaker will be an
nounced later. He will be a man whom
everyone is anxious to hear.
TOM REED FOLLOWS
RICH GOLD STRATA
MINE REPORTS FROM
CHIRICAHUA DISTRICT
DOUGLAS, April 6. Mr. and Mrs.
H. W. Locmib, of the Nippers mining
ramp, are in the city today. Mr.
Loomis is suffering with rheumatism
but fortunately for him Mrs. Loomis
is able to negotiate the Ford car in
which they traxel to and from th
mine. The Nippers group is now
working a small development force
under the direction cf Mr. Loom is.
Hhe said thU morning that arrange
ments are now well under way lor in-
OAT.MAN. Ariz.. March 30. The
west drift on the Bald Eagle ore bod
of the Tom Reed Gold Mines Co. is
still in good ore at a distance of nearly
300 feet from the crosscut. The cast
drift encountered a faulted or broken
condition about 200 feet from the cross
cut, the vein having, been abruptly cut
off. Crosscuts were run both ways at
this point to relocate the vein and now
the drift has been again advanced '
along the same strike in the belief thai
the ere will be found on the other side ;
of this break in the vein.
Nearly 500 feet of commercial ore
has been developed by the work oa '
this level of the Bald Eagle, averaging j
about $40 per ton for the entire dis- j
tance. t
For the past week the values have
been much lower in the west drift, the :
high grade streak having given way to j
a solid face of quartz, w hich Is evident
ly much wider than the drift. This,
has been averaging between $20 and i
$30 per ton by repeated and caretul
assays. i
The west drift is stUl over 200 feet
away froui the point where connection
will be made with the winze now being
sunk trom the 400 foot level of the ;
Grav Eagle.! ThU winze is now down
over 50 teet iu good ore all the way,
values running iroin $15 to $25.
It is estimated that the ore body ill
ready developed by the Bald Eai;!o
workings contains at least 50,000 toi'.-i
with an average value of $25 per ton.
A width of from 7 to 10 feet and a vei
tical depth of 200 feet is used in arriv
ing at this estimate. This means that.,
the ore reserves of I he company have
been doubled In tonnaso and nior-i
than tiipled in value during the part
thirty days.
Development v. t,rk is progressing en
tho Oatiiian. United, where the east
crosscut has opened up the ledge tor a
width ot over 75 feet. More quartz is
be'.n? found as the crosscut progresses
with some very encouraging values.
Drilling operations are bein pioso
c.ted on the Mohawk Central j. nl ill.!
Tclluride. though on mil her proper;)-,
have they reached a conclusive st ir.
Improved conditions and fin rcas.-J
valuer aro now l ir.g found in lo
west drift on the 550 foot level of thy
Gold Road Bonanza, which has now
JEROME-PORTLAND TO
BORROW $15,000 FOR
'COME BACK' EFFORTS
FRESCOTT. March 30. The receiv
er of the Jerome-Portland Copper com
pany was yesterday granted permis
sion to borrow $15,000 on securities
issued by th3 organization, the funds
to be used in rehabilitating the some
what dilapidated affairs of the big
corporation. According to the order
issued by Judge Lyman, the money
Is to be borrowed on certificates is
sued by the receiver, the certificates
to constitute a first lien against the
isscts :of the company. The money is
to be used to pay the charges inciden
tal to the administration of the receiv
ership, for the collection and preser
vation of the assets of the corporation
and to pay such other debts as may
frcm time to time be allowed by the
received, subject to tie sanction of tn
court.
The Jerome-Portland was thrown
into the receivership shortly aiter the
hasty departure of Manager A. B.
Frame in January. ..The company's
financial affairs were supposed to be
on a sound basis, but since the de
parture of Frame and the subsequent
shutting down of the property, it has
been found that a good deal of care
ful management will have to be used
to put the big organization back on a
safe and sound foundation.
been advanced for more than 200 feet.
One ot the most graphic and strik
ing stories in all the annals of western
mining is told in the letter addressed
to the stockholders of the Tom Reed
Minf s Co. by the directors of that com
pany, giving notice of the annual meet
ing April 29.
When the present administration
took over the management last August
the company was without financial re
sources and $23,000 in debt. Only a
few months' profitable ore reserves
were in sight, and these were being
minod and milled at a very slight mar
gin. The present situation of the compa
ny presents a vivid contrast to the out
look last August. .First the Gray Ea
gle ore body, along the course of the
original Tom Reed vein was opened
up last November on the 400 foot level
where at least 20.000 tons of ore aver
aging from $12. to $15. per ton has al
ready been proven.
Then In February the sensational
discovery on the Bald Eagle claim was
made, from the 525 foot level of the
Aztec. This ore body has now been
proven for a total length of over 550
feet, averaging nearly $40 per ton for
the width of the drift. While no esti
mate of tonnage is made in the letter
to the stock holders, unofficial esti
mates run all the way from 100,000
tons up to five times that amount. A
width of 31 feet averaging $26 per ton
was proven in the only cross cut yet
run through the vein.
The west face of this drift is still
in ore averaging daily from $15 to $25
per ton across the width. The vein
consists of solid quartz and calcite,
and t-liows no evidence of pinching out
It is still nearly 250 feet to the Gray
Eagle ore body, but a drift Is now be
ing advanced from the Gray Eagle
winre on tho same level in order to
hasten connection and provide better
ventnation.
Financially the Tom Reed Company
has a balance of $50,000 on hand and
it in tated in the letter to stock hold
ers that as soon as it Is possible to
mine ore from (he Bald Eagle, divi
dends' should be resumed.
The largest single shipment of bul
lion in the past three years was made
by the company last Thursday, when
$15,000. the result of the first bi-weekly
clean up in March, went to the San
Francisco mint.
Pvi.uiiclion frr the Oalman district
in Maic:i should exceed all recent rec
ord Tho United Eastern Is maintain
ing Its usual rate, and the Tom Reel
slioai'l e:;cerd $lnu.imo. making a total
of rt'out $2"r,(lon for the two proper
ties Development work on the 400 foot
level i Ihe (,atuu.n United has
reached a conclusive stage, and in or-d'-r
to form a decision as to fifiuro
.v oi!,. J. K. Turner, of Colilfield, eon
s'.iliia' engineer for the company, has
been called to make a thorough exam
maiiiui and uiivU.e with the manage
ment The east ledge has been cptued
up for u width of over loo teet. i
American Oil Exploration Co.
CAPITAL STOCK, $2,000,000
PAR VALUE $1 PER SHARE
Full Paid and Non-Assessable No Preferred Stock NoBonds
Officers and Directors
GEORGE D. STO'N'ESTREET, M. E. and Geologist, President Former
Manager Cecil Rhodes interests, South Africa; later Inspector of
mines for the British Government, Fifteen years consulting en
gineer New York, Colorado and Arizona.
C. H. BEGGES, .Vice-President Vice-President and General 'Manager
California Southern Railroad. Former Vice-President St. Louis
and San Francisco Railroad.
IVAN JACOBSON. Secretary and Treasurer Formerly with Burrough
Adding Machine Company, Detroit, Mich.
JAMES E. BERRY, Director For many years in mercantile business
in East, now retired.
JOHN H. GABB1EL. Conusel and Director One . of Denver's most
prominent attorneys.
E. RICHARD SHIPP, Counsel, Casper, Wyoming.
DEPOSITORIES
GUARDIAN TRUST COMPANY
Denver, Colorado
STOCKMAN NATIONAL BANK
Casper, Wyoming.
Company Holdings Now Over 11,000 Acre&
in Four Oil States
Negotiating for Large Acreage in Mexico
We have what we believe to be the best proposi-
tion ever presented or offered to the investing pub
lic. Our salesmen are enthusiastic over it because
' they find the people over the country intensely in
terested in knowing about It.
The public is buying because it is the best and
safest offering ever made by any oil company in the
history of the oil industry.
We make the buyer safe because we sell oil leases
and give stock as a bonus worth double the amount
of his investment. For each $100.00 Invested in these
leases we give free as a bonus $200.00 worth of stock
in the oil company which makes the investor part
owner In all the Company's property now owned or
hereafter acquired by the company.
All the big money in the oil business haa been
made from oil leases. The Standard OH Company,
the Prairie Oil, the Union Oil of California, the Mid
west of Wyoming and all big oil companies buy
leases and make millions.
Now, our plan Is buying land and leases and let
ting the public in on our small investments, selling
as little as one-half acre, one acre or ten acres and
giving stock as a bonus.
This gives the small Investor a chance to get in
on the same basis as the big operators and make
large profits from a small investment.
One thousand dollars invested in this way In oil
leases has made a million; of course, these cases
are rare, but five thousand, fen thousand, twenty
five or even fifty thousand are common.
$100 Invested in Union Oil Made $150,000
$100 Invested in Home Oil Made $42,000
$100 Invested in N. Y. Oil Made $40,000
For safety and a chance to make big profits this
is the greatest mutual co-operative plan ever devised
and offered to investors.
Don't class this with the lot schemes where the
investor gets a lot 20x20, 400 square feet for $50.00.
There are 109 of these lots in one acre and at $50.00
a lot the buyer is paying $5,450 an acre. We sell
an acre for $100.00 and give 200 shares of stock par
value $100.00 a share.
It is neither impossible nor improbable for the
stock to sell at $25.00 a share and pay big dividends.
The company expects it and is working for it.
There is another thing we want you to consider
and that is about stock. Some buyers of stock never
think about the par value. Please understand that
the par value of our stock is $1.00 per share; many
companies have a par value of 10 cents, one cent,
and some-one mill a share (one-tenth of a cent);
100 shares of a par value of $1.00, is equal to 1.000
shares at ten cents, 10.000 at one cent and 100,000
shares at one mill a share. It isn't the number of
shares that count, it's the par value.
Then again, thia cheap stock cannot be listed on
the exchanges or New York curb, hence there never
is a market for it. The company intends later to
list this stock on exchanges and New York curb at
$1.00 per share, hence there will be a market for it
and the bonus stock given on leases can be sold for
more than the entire investment
We Are Not Selling Stock
You ran buj stock for a mill a share, a cent a
share, five cents a share any old price and its
hard to pick a winner.
People have made fortunes buying oil stocks.
Fifty times as many people have made fortunes
In buying oil land and leases; by getting in at the
bottom with others. And listen investigate our
offer, study it and see if you want to risk a dollar
to make a hundred.
No such remarkable, profitable and safe invest
ment has ever been presented to the public
$10.00 starts you if that is all you have to invest
now. Buy all you can it may mean a fortune to you.
Properties of the American Oil
Exploration Company
WYOMING Big Muddy Field, 320 acres; in Rich
ards Field, 2560 acres; in Salt Creek Field, 320 acres;
In Iishop's Dome, 1920 acres; in Cody Field, 640
acres.
OKLAHOMA 120 acres in Healdton Field. Heald-
ton Field produces 60,000 barrels dally at the pres
ent time.
KANSAS -5000 acres in Jewel County, which has
been favorably reported upon by two of the best
know n geologists of Texas and Kansas. The Prairie
Oil Company is now drilling in this field and they
are worth following.
CALIFORNIA 160 acres ot oil land in Lost Hills
Field which produces hich gravity oil at a depth or
700 to 1500 feet.
MEXICO We are negotiating for a very large
tract of proven oil land in the great gusher field ot
Mexico. Our expert who has spent seven years ic
this field, says 25,000 to 100.000-barrel wells will be
found on this tract and that no difficulty will be had
la securing title, free from interference.
A 25-Barrel Well Has
Been Struck
In the same identical formation as the holdings
or the AMERICAN OIL EXPLORATION COMPANY
HOLDINGS in RICHARDS FIELD.
This well showed a great deal of oil in the shale
at COO feet and when the drill penetrated the oil
sand at 350 teet there came a flow of 25 barrels a
day.
The above is a report from the RICHARDS
FIELD. This is only the first sand or shale and
indicates a big well at depth. There are four oil
sands in Richards Field.
SECTION WHERE WB ARB SELLING LEASES
IS IN SAME FORMATION.
We shall soon begin drilling on section 22. where
we are Helling leases and believe we will get a btg
well. To get the choice of location of lease you
should order at ouce.
Price of acre leases will be $200 an acre Instead
of $100 in 30 days.
BETTER ORDER TODAY AND MAKE THAT
MUCH NOW.
The American Oil Exploration Company is solid,
substantial, trustworthy we vouch for that. Read
the list of directors the men behind the gum
then act!
Orders are pouring in. Let us have yours today.
NOW!
We accept Liberty Bonds at par in payments. We
own some already.
Call at our Bisbee office and make your applica
tion without delay and secure one or more of these
valuable leases and your "stock .bonus while our
present price obtains.
Write, call or phone for further Information. It'
pert of our business to answer questions.
UNDERWRITING AND FISCAL AGENTS
National Bond and Securities Company
1536 Welton Street, Guardian Trust Building
Denver, Colorado
Bisbee Branch, No. '7 Main Street. Opposite Copper Queen Library. Telephone 49 THREE '
1:
News of Social Circles
WE ARE COM IX G, MR. PRESIDENT'
On Saturday of last week at 3 p. m.
the Polly Anna Club of the Lincoln
School, gave a delightful entertain
ment to their parents. The little girls
were prettily dressed In Kaster colors
of rose, blue and pink that made tbem
look like flowers. A veritable rain
bow. ,
A pleasing little program was ren
dered by the girls. The club song
was followed by a Bible reading by
Winifred Marshal, and Edith Cobb,
Phoebe Haas, Emma Warren and Lot
tie Mae W'acek gave recitations. Kath
erine Ashley and Adalaide Walman
recited Easter verses. An interesting:
feature of the program was the award
ing of the Polly Anna rings. These
rings were presented by Miss McCur-
dy, girls secretary of the Y. W. C A.
The girls who received them were
Ruth Moore, Edith Cobb and Wini
fred Marshall. ,
At the close of the program light
refreshments were served by the lit
tle girls and Easter souvenirs distrib
uted.
The Tolly Annas are real live little
workers making the world brighter by
their presence and they carry out
their motto very well, which is "look
up, lighht up, play te glad game and
teach it to others.
S 9S
Vivian Robinson and Lena Young's
pupils from Miss1 Riley's school made
and wrapped bandages Friday after
noon.
Sf
The manual training class under
Mr. Shirk contributed their labor in
making shipping boxes to send surgi
cal supplies to France for the A. T.
T.. V. which show much skill in work
manship.
K?
The Owaissa Camp Fire Girls wrap
ped and closed with surgical stitch
550 compresses for trench first aid in
France, under Mrs. Frantzen's super
vision. This work iB becoming very
popular with the many junior clubs
as well as home work for the moth
ers. iS
The Eisbee Lincoln committee A.
F. F. W. are very thankful for the do
nation cf a set of Red Cross stamps
from M. Snodgrass, the kind that are
used in the United States and France
with which to stamp surgical dress
ings. I! g Mf
Mrs. Frantzen Is one American worn
an who has time with all her other
duties, to write on. an average of 50
letters a week to her many godsons
of war. She Is "marraine" to soldiers
i nlO camps, and base unit iiospitals
in America. The Belgian army and
two hospitals Istck of the firing line
in France. Also soldiers in the Can
adian army. The boys serving in
France are so eager for letters to
keep them from getting "blue" that
they write a letter each week. Many
soldiers in the Belgian army are
adept at reading and writing English
and usually the best of letter writers.
The past three weeks Mrs. Frantzen
has secured 367 godmothers and go-
fathers to the Belgian blesse, in Ari
zona. Clubs of both men and women
are adopting groups of these lovely
boys. The soldier gives his life, and
any man or woman could spare a few
moments to write a few cheerful lines
to the soldiers of our allies in the
trenches and hospitals behind the fir
ing line. Mrs. Frantzen would like to
secure the aid of a few more god
mothers and godfathers in the War
ren district
IS 5S
The Woman's League of the Pres
byterian church met at the home of
Mrs. Sam Kyle on Quality Hill Wed
nesday afternoon. A very interesting
missionary program was given by
Mrs. Bridge and Mrs. Not man. Re
ports were given by the different
chairmen which showed each depart
being very active.
The League, voted to buy a Liberty
bond and then refreshments were serv
ed to the following: Mesdames El
linwood. Bridge, Kvle, Hunt, Houston
Osier, Maddox, Thomas, Notman.
Hooper, Landes. Sinclair, Alvin, Has
linger, Webster, Durley, Mitchell,
Hawley, Jackson, Wright and Gilman.
ft'
The Anona Club will meet at the
home of Mrs. W. R. Tonkin, Tuesday
evening. April 9th.
Miss Mary Butler was in charge of
tie surgical dressing class at the
Women's Club Friday afternoon. 10S9,
compresses were made. The follow
ing were present: Mesdames D. H.
Landis. H. Sterling, C. H. Hunt, J.
High, T. Hohston, J. Silverthorn, Geo.
Poole, C. H. Moore,-Howard Earkell,
T. O. Friedel, J. hurchill, Harry Reese
A. M. Smock. W. F. Hess. C. Connell
J. Murray, B. Warner, S. H. Kvle. T.
H. Wright, J. Gannon. W. E. Tonkin,
Hankin, C. Trlschka. C. C. Mitchell. B.
Norton, Sam Frankenberg, F. Kapf,
R. Glanville and E. L. Blair.
SS '
The Lincoln committee A. F. F. W.
will meet at the Garfield school house
in Tombstone Canyon, every Thurs
day at 10:30 a. m. to 4:30 p. m. for the
Little Frankie Kopf celebrated hPr
third birthday last Tuesday afternoon
from 2 to 5. The Kaster suggestions
were carried out in decorations, and j
each kiddie took home a tiny basket
of candy eggs for a memento. Covers
were laid for the following little tots:
Bobbie Blom. Jane Potter, Betty Nan
Morley, Lyle Blom, Dwain Limprecht
and Francis Kopf.
g
Monday it is expected that great num
bers of people will attend. This place
is very convenient and there isn't
any reason why it shouldn't rank with
and even excel all other Red Cross
rooms in the Warren District.
Y. W. C. A. Notes
Miss Charlotte Davis, Pacific coast
Y. W. C. A. field secretary, arrived in
this city Tuesday afternoon, Apr" 2,
to council with and advise the work
era in this place.
Friday afternoon Mrs. C. S. Thomp
son gave an informal tea in honor of
Miss Davis, to which the board mem
bers were invited to meet the guest
of honor.
Wednesday afternoon at a tea given
by the Y. W. C. A. Miss Davis gave
a talk on war work. Miss Medie O.
Hamilton, interpretator of literature,
did not arrive in time to give her ad
dress but expects to come later if
possible.
The Bluebird Club in Warren spent
the afternoon in giving a program.
Nearly all of the. girls participated.
Refreshments were served.
The Hi-Y girls held a meeting at
the high school Thursday where Miss
Charlotte Davis talked to the girls.
An invitation was read from the Tuc
son girls asking our girls to a high
school conference at which there will
be representatives from different
parts of Arizona and also three field
secretaries, who will gladly give their
time to special work among the girls.
We are anxious to have a large dele
gation go from Bisbee to this confer
ence which will be held Monday and
Tuesday of University Week, April
lo and 16.
111
l - - H
You've Been Earning
For Years?
Ha it cosi vou every dollar of it to live?
These are pertinent questions, but the man who
answers them honestly to himself will feel the time
has come to start a Savings Account with this bank,
save for the future and get 4 per cent Interest.
Think it Over!
CITIZENS BANK & TRUST COMPANY
Main Street Bisbee, Arizona
The Wapo Camp Fire Girls of War
ren came up to the Y. W. C. A. Thurs
day to have a "get-to-gether" and s
rial time. There was an informal
program,- then all the girls entered
into lively games. 'Refreshments add
ed to the occasion..
Those present at the Hostess House
Welcome" on Thursday night were
as follows:
Alex Shannler, Chicago; Joseph No-
vark, Chicago; Edward uunderson,
Ethro Curtis, S. Balecaz, Geo. W. For
rest, Muskegon, Mich; Erick Robin
son, ciaaago; Alex HanieKo, ise-i
York; Geo. O. Gardner, Penn; Frank
Cunningham, Oregon; Thomas Frire, !
N. Y; Frank M. Skinned, N. Y; John
Dallor, Arizona: Alex L. Whitaker. j
Arizona; James D. Whitaker, Arizona;
George R. Hearn, Minnr Marcus L.
:ncrirj's new "Soldiers of Freedom" marching in review hi mass formation.
Th:? -.;:otoriap!i, mudc at one of the many cantonmer.tr- of the national army, shows how well America
har r iv.,o;i-e-.l in devu'oping an army of power and force and indicates something of what she is yet to do.
Tiii.-- cf America's military program has been conducted in a way that has won the greatest praise of visit
U)z cUiccrs and the Anun.-an spirit will perform as ve'l the far irroater task that lies ahead.
Of Interest to Women
V each nail to an ovaL then soak each
finger in warm, soapy water until the
One touch of Spring makes all the fected the art, quite as well as our
world akin. Spring sees the birth and enemies on the Rhine ever did it. The
death of many fads, and fancies in looms of the world are turning out as
clothing. "And she who wears wool . beautiful things as ever before and
Is indeed a wolf in sheep's clothing," the colors are praised by even the ,
Vanity Fair says. The magazines, niost fastidious,
leading dressmakers and modistes of I The Younger Generation
the day, and manufacturers hav1 a small coat of rose peranium Jer-
formed an organization to eliminate SCv, with gray jersey collar and cuffs I
skin has softened, then it is much
easier to push back the cuticle cr out !
it away with a cuticle knife. Rosaline
is a very good polish used moderately.
A polish that is too bright doesn't
show good taste and has gone out of
style. Badly manicured nails or rath
er nails that are not manicured at all
are unpardonable in good society.
And after all criticisms from one's
own sex count the most.
wsmM.
There is a spirit of hospitality to be
found at this Bank.
Security Hospitality Genuine Serv
ice are the causes of this Bank's success.
Is your account here? if not, we wel
come it.
Bank with us.
the whims of women from fashion
ahd insist upon them being sensTDle.
It might be called a 'patriotic compact'
Wearing apparel must adhere to the
rules of conservation, common sense
inspired by loyalty, in the matters ot
fabric. The rare quality of originali
ty may always be used, and the scope
in the details of a frock is broad. In
dividuality may be expressed, but on
ly in a sensible way it seems rather
The Churches
century, alas we must make sacriuces
not by doing our bit, but by doing our
utmost.
11'. ... 1. . .. t .1 .fnn
5 . uLtl V,, . 1 commanded to wear silks. It used to
?ur:., :,t t"vZ n-eVJ be that lovely woman was clothed and
kla. Ill: D. Milankee. Wis; Santo Cer-
a a 111 INivinlo IViWnA 111 romn
uciif in, nana ucniii, aiil, r. u
Lewis, Ark; J. M. Gold. Iowa; R.I
Browning, Maryland; J. W. Brown,;
passe to use that word in this modern , r.'iildish figure look very sweet. White
and little straps with steel buckles is
quite cunning for a little miss. A
dress that takes her mothers for a
copy is scant, slim and straight, of
dark blue crepe de chine, embroider
ed in brick red wool A school girl METHODIST EPISCOPAL
dress of tan linen made with a coatee gundjv Scnool 9;45 pubUc wor.
effect and worn with a wide patent. gh, n:00 .Tne Kalser Modenl
leather belt is very serviceable. Rose . SennarneriD - Epworth League meet
and white checked gingham combined ; , 6.30 -Knowing and Doins
iiu Bonn rose KiiiKimui . makra a -u. -,n i-B, i t-,,i.
SCHOOL OF MUSIC
ROOM 1, JACOB SCHMID BUILDING
Private Instruction on Piano, Violin and Other Instrument.
INSTRUMENTS LOANED FREE TO BEGINNERS
Phone Blue 650.
N. Y; Chas. Comerly. N. Y; Harry T.
Crist, N. Y; Jerome L. l eatty, N. Y;
Ross H. Fuquay, N. Y; John Murry,
Ky; D. U Dooper, 111; Israel Wild
stein, N. Y; Mack Long, N. Y; Poli
towicz. Ill; G. B. Zedwski. Florida:
L. P. Good, U. S. army, and J. B. Blair
U. S. army.
School Notes
Mrs. Nora F.udd, who has been act
ing as truant officer for the past year,
resigned Friday to take a position in
the dispensary at Douglas.
The Central Junlon High were
again disappointed this week in not
being able to move into the Quality
Hill junior high. Moving day is now
set for Wednesday.
E. E. Whiteley was sworn in as a
new member of the school board on
Friday. His active duties begin the
first Saturday of April.
The boys of the military company
at the high school gave a Military
Hop to their friends Friday evening
in the high school auditorium.
Miss Sallle McCall, music supervis
or of the Bisbee schools, has been
asked to teach music during the sum
mer quarter of the Flagstaff Normal.!
Dur'ng the past month, 48 boys and
45 girls entered the grades. 3122 pu-i
pils are now enrolled in the grades ofj
the Bisbee schools.
In entral. Miss Bihler's room is now
seated in the upper hall. The tower
room, teachers' room, office and base
ment room are occupied as school
rooms. It is therefore no wonder mat
I whatever happened to be left was giv-
1 en to man, but now that man is the
first consideration must l)e
given to him that he may be kept
warm and dry. Woman takes what
ever may be left. So goes the eternal
law of compensation. Woman must
take a back seat in the using of ma
terials, while man takes the things
that protect him from the elements.
But various and lovely are the sub
stitutes, voiles of every color in the
rainbow, chiffons that almost take
one's breath away with their last but
not least calico. Only the most ex
clusive stores carry this unique fab
ric, not in the old drab, dull shades,
but in pretty, quaint prints with a
white background.
Dyeing in America was for some
time a question, as no two shades
were the same. But perserverance
wins in the end, so now we have per-
calico stitched in old blue makes a
dress that is a pleasure to wear and
makes some little heart beat with
envy. Guimpe dresses of chambray
and white organdie collar and cuffs
are used for summer vacations so well
does chambray wear. And it is neces
sary that a good durable goods be
used as the wear and tear of play days
ier.
CHARLES W. HARSIIMAN.
Pastor.
FIRST BAPTIST CHURCH
Sunday School 9:45 a, m. Morning
service 11:00 a. ra. Theme: "Our
Obligations to Missions."
j Junior and Senior B. Y. P. TJ. 6:45
demands it. Organdie dresses and : P-m- uroup io. i win ieaa. evening i
rinintv nv w.nnni0 iij- hvo ta irv. . services, 7:30 . Theme: "The Know-,
lann so ethereal and transnarent do i lease
, little girls look in them.
uverbiouses
It used to be tn the dim, distant
past that women changed their cos
tume almost every hour of the day.
But war now finds them in the same
frock the whole day through, and it
has been truthfully said that if a large
amount of money isn't spent on cloth
ing a lot of time must be. So be it.
Sometime nn mav use snhtprfnee
lhnnsrh as with a tniinred frock. i prayer and address 11:00 a. m.
woman may throw gracefully around j Easter music will be repeated at the
of Christ." Mr. J. F. Mat
thews will preach at the Presbyterian (
Mission in Johnson Addition at 7:30.
The people of this vicinity are cor-'
dially invited to attend this service.
Prayer meeting Wednesday, 7:45 p.
m. You are invited to attend these :
services. I
H. C. COMPTON, Pastor.
ST. JOHN'S EPISCOPAL CHURCH
Sunday School 9:45 a. ni. Morning
The
When You Think of Building
Think of
N-HINES
LUMBER COMPANY
BBS
J. W. F. SMITH
Manager
Phone 88
the children are anxious to move into;
purpose of making surgical dressings ; the Junior High on Quality Hill,
by the French method, to be shipped j During the past month, the Lincoln
to the French and Belgian hospitals, school had the highest per cent or at-
& tendance, 98 per cent. Mrs. Safford's
Mrs. M. E. M. Frantzen, state chair- j r0om in the Warren school stood high
Tian for the American Fund for; est, with an average of 98.1 per cent.
French Wounded, wishes with pro-! The class in English for foreigners
profound sincerity to thank the War-; composed of soldiers at the army
rn District Red Cross chapter and camp In Lowell, now has an enroll-
htarty cooperation allowing A. F. F.
W. committees of the Parent Teach
ers Association of the Lincoln school
the use of the Red Cross work room
cne day a week at the Garfield school
houie.
Al women who can give an hour or
the vbole day are requested to be at j m,
the workroom Thursday until further
notice. Mrs. Frantzen will te present !
with materials and instructions for !
carryiig on the French roller work. !
ment of twenty. It meets regularly
twice a week.
Several new students enrolled last
week in the beginning FTench class
recently organized at the night school
This class meets regularly on Tues-
iday at 7:20 and Wednesday at 6:30 p.
BROWNS SIGN KELLY
The Red Cross room in the Garfield
school in upper Tombstone Canyon
was optned for work and its commit
tees wop orepnizd Friday afternoon.
Mrs. F. . Bennett wis e'e ti'd c'!a:r
man. Different womon iro to take
(Hv Review I.rasW! Wlrol
ST. LOUS. April 6 William Kelly
catcher, who w?nt to the Pittrburg na
tional several years aco in the famous
deal for Marty O'Toole. has signed ?
(onfart to t'l'iy with the St .Loui
Americans tMs spason.
last sonso.i Kellv was with the Tor-
charge. Mrs. V. H. Read will have: onto club of the International league
charge Mjnday, Mrs. Finity Tuesday. When that league distiandl, Kelly be
Mrs. Georte Cobb Wednesday. Next 'came a fro agent.
FASHION HINT.
her shoulders a scarf of black satin
and ermine and be transformed into a
dressed up person. Or she slips, a bit
of BJtin and silver fringe over' her
charming head, knots her sash softly
and looks like an angel. A green silk
cape collar embroidered in black
n H
; - - j vri
I - w
f '
. I
f j
SI.- !
S rl
morning service. Wednesday, choir
practice 7:00 p. m.
JACOB M. WHITE. Rector.
Rev. A. J. Irwin will preach in War
ren at 11:00 a. m. Sunday, April 7th,
and in South Bisbee at 7:30 p. ra. on
gives color to the theory that a blouse the same date. All are invited to at-
may be converted into a corsage with
a little thought and originality. To
the woman tired from the strenuous
day at the Red Cross rooms, these are
very handy and can be done while
one's guests are waiting. There is
something in the psychology dress, of
ten with a change of costume, the
weariness is lessened and the tea hour
is thoroughly enjoyed. Then a little
tea cap can be worn hiding the fact
that a great deal of time hasn't been
spent on the coiffure. Tea caps and
overblouses seem to have gained a
great popularity. She pulls a Chinese
jaclet over her head of white crepe
j de chine with a stenciled design in
midnight blue an over it. ana iooks
as thouch she had made a careful toilet.
tend these services.
Beauty Secrets
Christian Science Society of Bisbee
holds services every Sunday morning
at 11:15 in the Woman's Club bldg.
on Quality Hill. Wednesday evening
testimony meetine at 7:40. The pub
lic is welcome and invited to attend.
Subject for Sunday, April 7th: "Un
reality." CHRISTIAN SCIENCE
Informal Christian Science services
are h-ld in Warren every Sunday at
11 a. m., at first cottage south of the
"Y." All ars most welcome. Subject
for today: "Unreality."
The Body of
Our Paint
is pure white lead. It is mixed with
turpentine or pure linseed oil ac
cording to whether it is to be used
for in or outside work. There Is no
grit in it; no adulterants to make
its manufacture cheaper. Paint ex
perts always get their supplies
here. Wouldn't it be wise for you
to follow their example.
Bisbee Lumber Company. inc
EM1L MARKS, MGR.
LOWELL CAR STOP.
PHONE tX
PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH
(Sunday, April 7. 191S)
Sunday school. 9:45 a. m.; Morning j
worship. 11 a. m. Sermon topic. "The
Fellowship of Faith." Young people's
meeting. 7 p. m.; Eveuing worship, 8i
p. m. S-rnion topic: "Experience as'
a Mora! Guide. Allan Krioiibaum
pastor.
GRIND SOAPWEED TO
FEED RANGE CATTLE
(By Lee M.. Brown)
i THE NAILS
The difference between nails that'
are well kept and nails that are not :
Is most startling. Especially in the
care of the cuticle. A professional
manicurist either clips or cuts thej
cuticle away frcm the nail and leaves
a smooth even edge imbedded in soft
flesh. While the amateur pulls orj
tears the delicate flesh, leaving nn: MESQUITE. N. M.. Auril W. C.
uglv Jagced appearance which Is also; Mossman has had a machine 'nstrlled
very painful in time. It is said that on his ranch to grind up soapwe-vl
a lady may be distinguished at once for stock feed. This soip weed grows
bv her hands, and well kept nails help! in abundance all over the hills and is
a" great deal to make a hand pretty, j being gathered in quantities for fe d
Even thnneh the fingers do not taper; ing purposes. The -.:adiln3 used for
to the desired point, if the nailR are ' . viaitiiig t!.- sfiff Kiirn wn u re-icm-polished
and pink much is forgotten, bles a lios and is called "Little llos.'
After washing the hands push the A road. l:nlin; I'mn V 'si;iiu Ma
cuticle back. The half moon should tloj out to the -rmol pit oast, is 1 e
p'iow cn each finger. Powdered pum- ing graded up and graveled. When
ice may be used to soften the dead ; complete, it will L a lino pice ct
skin so that it may be more easily roac' work.
snipped off. Peroxide will take the C. F. Merrill is liav-n n uovl sized
stains from beneath the finger nails. acreage planted in At:stra'' in sage, a
A careful going over of the nails each crop which promises to do we'.l in
day makes a world'of difference. Kilo thih oil and cUm-i'C".
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
AND HIGH CLASS CAFE
The best of everything at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 60c luncheon daily. ALo $1.00 dinner from
5:30 to 7:30 p. m. Regular Board by the month, $40;
$10 by the w-ck.
Henry Poppea Manager.
L. J: OVERLOOK, BROKER
Correspondents: Paine, Weber A Co.. Boston, Duluth, Calumet.
LOGAN & BRYAN, NEW YORK AND CHICAGO.
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK.
Bisbee Decorating Co.
General I'aintinp, Paper Hanging, Tinting and
Signs. Perfect Results. Moderate Prices.
HUGHES BLOCK, OFPOSITE Y. W. C A.
P. O. Box 1531 Fhone 739 FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY TiVIEVV, SUNDAY MORNING, APRIL 7, 1918.
First Anniversary
Finds Nation Ready
With Full Sfrength
Achievements of First Year Divided Between Army, Navy,
Shipping Board and Treasury; In All Other Departments
Strenuous Effort Has Been Made to Assemble Entire
Country's Resources.
Harry Lauder Praises
U. S. Marines .
(Bv Review Learod Vire)
WASHINGTON. April 6. The first
anniversary of the entrance of the
United tSates into the war finds the
great sources of the country just com
ing into the struggle but rapidly be
ing prepared.
Th nrhivempnts of the first Tear
are chiefly divided between the army,
which has been supplying and train
ing fighting forces; the navy, which
has been hunting the submarine and
convoying troops and supplies to Eu
rope, the shipping board, which has
been building a merchant marine and
the treasury, whch has been advanc
ing credits to the allies.
In oil other departments of the gov
ernment there has been a tremendous
nffnrt to hrinp all the force of the
country's resources and power to the
aid of the actual righting machine. .
For military reasons it is not per
missible to state the exact number of
American troops in France with Gen
ernal Pershing's expedition, but Sec
retary Baker, in recent testimony be
for the senate military committee, pre
dicted half a million men would be
there early this year and that another
million would be ready to go during
the year.
: American troops have taken up sev
eral positions on the fighting line in
France. They have occupied a sector
of their own northwest of Toul. and
have had numerous encounters with
the Germans. Official statements
British and German army headquart
ers have shown that certain American
fighting forces were thrown into the
battle brought on by the great Ger
man offensive this spring, the' British
war office first reporting them as
fighting shoulder to shoulder with the
British and French troops in the vici
nity of Roye.
By referring to the combined forces
of the regular army and national
guard a year ago,, and comparing the
strength of the regular army now, the
national guard mustered into federal
service, and the men of the first draft
in cantonments, it is apparent that
the total number of ready fighting
men has been increased from a meag
re two hundred thousand to something
like a million and a half, with about
ten million men registered under the
draft still available for calls to the
colors.
Military experts have estimated that
should the war be prolonged and ft
became necessary for the United
States to assume the burden of carry
ing on the conflict an army of five
million men would not be improbable.
The immense and sudden expansion
of the army has not been without
criticism, but id is declared this was
expected in the conversion of a
fighting force of a nation traditional
ly welded to the pursuits of peace.
The expansion of the naval forces
has been characterized in congress by
many as praiseworthy. The exact de
tails, here too, are shrouded in secrecy
as a military measure, but it is well
known that n emergency war build
ing program has been pushed w:th
such rapidity that the United States
is well on the way to a place second
only to Great Britain as a naval force,
and that in destroyers alone roost
proved and deadly weapon of the sub
marine the navy by next year will
have the greatset fleet on the seven
seas. Since the United tSates went
to war, the navy has placed contracts
for practically a thousand vessels, and
besides that took charge pf repairing
the seized German and Austrian ships
damaged by their crews at the orders
of the German government.,
. The case of the great liner Vater
land, now the United States ship Levi
athan' is a fair example of the effici
ency and speed with which the naval
enginers conducted that work. When
the Germans fainished their work of
destruction the Vaterland's command
er remarked he would take his hat off
to the Americans who could put the
ship in shape in time to be of any
service.
Within six months from the time
his words er spoken the Vaterland
was in running order and since, the
navy has announced, has carriid num
bers of American troops and great
quantities of supplies to the fighting
lines in France.
Fy taking the ships and men of the
coast guard into its fleets, by the
morging of naval volunteers and naval
militia, and with the growth of the
marine corps, the navy has expanded
its forces practically five times since
the country went to war. i
In its immense task of convoying!
troops there have been some losses,
notably the Tuscania and the Antilles,
but the loises of life have been for
tunately small in comparison with the
numbers of troops transported. At
the same time the American destroy
ers, working with the British in the
submarine zone, hvae made themselves
a terror to the undersea boats, flow
many of these craft they have ac
counted for remains a military secret.
The treasury, concerned with financ
ing the war. has raised from Liberty
bonds and war savings stomp sales
more than $8.00(i.iion,(io) and on this,
the first anniversary of the declara
tion of the war on Germany, Is launch
ing the third Liberty loan. Treasury
estimates put the expense of the first
vpr of the war at about $12.OO0.U0li.-
000 exclusive of the advances to the
alies.
These advances to all the allies
have totalled, up to the close of
March, $4.96u.6O0.0. The United
States has been secured with the
bonds or obligations ot the countries
to wUiih the uiouey was aiUaiicwJ.
More than $i:0,000,OUO of the bum
i went to Russia before the debacle put
I the country out of the war. What re
. turn the United States will get, if any.
is considered doubtful.
Chairman Hurley of the shipping
j board, in a recent speech in New York
at which he outlined the shipbuilding
I program fully for the first time, de-
' clared the treat building program
I which is to make the bridge of ships
to France is 28 per cent toward com
pletion. He pointed out the magni
tude of the task by recalling tiat the
shipping board is building in a yeai
a greater organization than the Steel
corporation has been able to build up
in more than 20 years. The recent
disclosure by the British admiralty
that German submarines actually arc
destroying the world's shipping twice
as fast as it is being built is the spur
which is expected to put the full
force of the country at this vital task.'
Besides the work of the executive
departments of the government, the
year has seen tremendous strides in
the mobilization of labor . industry,
science and invention with the sole
aim of winning the war. Hundreds of
business and professional men have
given up private interests to serve the
government at nominal pay. Business
and manufacture has given the best
of its secrets. Whatever criticism ha?
been made of the lack of co-ordination
of all these tremendous resources and
power, none ever has charged that
private interests has withheld taeni.
What is expected to be one of the
mightiest weapons toward winning the
war is the war trade board, created
for the purpose of cutting off supplies
to Germany through the adjacent neu
trals. As the war goes on, officials
say, the work of this organization can
not be underestimated.
A year of war, all officials concede,
finds shortcomings and defects, but it
is contended no more than might have
been expected from a peaceful nation
suddenly reorganized to a war basis.
President Wilson in a recent decla
ration prnounced the present year the
vital one in the winning of the war.
As the resources of America now be
ing gathered, get to the battle fronts
with a mighty rush, they are fully ex
pected to carry the allies through to
victory.
ARIZONA RESORTS TO
CONTINUE AS USUAL
Resorts in Arizona and the summer
hotels at these resorts will continue
to operate this summer in the si:me
manner as in the past seasons, ac
cording to information reaching this
city yesterday. Rumors had been
spread throughout the state that be
cause of food shotage the resorts
would be forced to close down their
hotels and dining rooms and boarding
houses, and consequently would not
open their other attractions.
This rumor has been brought to the
attention of the United States food
administration, and in an order re
ceived in the district yesterday the
administration announces that there
is no foundation for the reports. They
are so at variance with other reports
and so opposed to facts that they are
regarded as a result of German propa
ganda designed to undermine the con
fidence of the American people in the
Food Administration. If any hotels
fail to open, it will not be because
they cannot feed their patrons.
Summer Resort Hotels
Resort hotels will operate under no
greater handicap than those in the
cities. Certainly they will be under
no greater strain than inhabitants of
the communities in which they are
located. In fact, the summer hotels
will be at a lesser disadvantage than
those which operated this winter, be
ing able to supplement their staples
with seasonal perishables. All down
the line, however, all hotels are being
encouraged to purchase only necessa
ry supplies. Like individual homes,
they are being asked to conserve the
staples needed abroad and to elimi
nate all waste. Although the expens
es of the commissary have increased
at a rate with which dining room re
ceipts have not kept pace, this has
not proved such a hardship as was an
ticipated. One big winter hotel in
North Carolina, operated on the Am
erican plan, has reported that last
year it fed 80 hogs on the refuse from
tables and kitchen. This year there
is not sufficient waste to feed even
one hog and a year ago the manager
of that establishment was under the
impression that there was no avoida
ble waste in his commissary depart
ment. Although the cost of food has
increased, he has been able to main
tain his service with reduced pur
chases. Same Number of People to Be Fed
Whether these resorts open or re
main closed, the aggregate number ot
people to be fed in this country
would remain unchanged. It is even
doubtful if there would be any mark
ed shift in population, as many people
from the higher altitudes would go to
the seashore while many from the
coast would go to the mountains.
Their patrons should be able to main
tain the same standard of living they
would follow at home.
In no part of the country Is a meat
shortage anticipated. The use of
flour aud especially in the Kast. of
sugar, will he restricted. In general,
however, t!ere is no prospect that
there will not be enough to supply all
needs, if not all desires.
v i
MINING BOOM STIRS j
HARGUVARS DISTRICT!
Let Him Live
5
1
I
I.'
Famous Scot' Wa:
ft - S li
- "i. i h.'sj a
1 jhFjj
?rfc?r GOODRICH RU3BER C0.jfo
Talk on Southwestern Tour Net Thousand
Dollar for War Fund.
CUPRITE, Ariz., March 30. Cuprite
is a real town and Cunningham Pass. '
down in the Harcuvars, has a real 1
boom, according to A. B. Colwell. the
mineral surveyor and engineer, who .
has Just returned from a trip Into the'S
V enden country.
Colwell went primarily to make a j 1
survey and examination of the Jerome i
Wenden Copper company's property.
south of Wendsn In the Harqua Hal.iii
range. Like everyone else who hasj
teen to that property, he believes that )
jenly development is needed to makej)
it a real his- mine.
The Jerome Wenden is the only ac-:
live mine in that immediate vicinity, j
but Colwell faund a different c audition i
at Cunningham Pass, in th" Harcuvat I
range north of Wenden. Dick Wicic '
Halls success with the Little Giant,!
formerly the Vindicator, has s'arttfd !
il kinds of excitement there. A new i
town, named Cupritj, has been iound-;
ed and the day Colwell was there ten ;
or a dozen autos were constantly In l
sight I
which Is being operated undT Hall's !j
direction for the Black Gianr Mines I
ccmpany, is one of the richest little
mines in the countrv. He was down j
the sha't and in both the drifts from I J
which Hall has taken sora" four car-,
loads of high grade gold-copper ore.
Hall was just getting a compressor!
installed and Colwell looks for big !
things as soon as the air drills begin
! to pound away. I
The Cobrita Verde company has i
taken a lease on the west end of the
Little Giant ground and plans to put ;
down a shaft Immediately on the same;
I stringer that led Hall to wealth. In!
all nrohahilitv the fohrit.i Verde will i
also be shipping ore soon.
Colwell expecf? to return to the HarjJ
cuvar country shortly to do seme surj
veying for Hall.
Dog Poisoner j
At Work Here
The Hun has no more bitter enemy Ih.in Harry Lauder.
Since the death in action of his enly son, Captain John Lander of ' t.
Argyle and Sutherland Highlanders, the celebrated' Scotch comedian ha
been more indefatigable than ever in his efforts ngcinst the enemy.
Powder and shot are not his w eapons. A vivid portrayal of the Boche's
trail of desolation touches the hearts of his auditors and brings innumer
able silver dollars for the comfort and good cheer of the laddies "over
there."
When Mr. Lauder recently spoke in Los Angeles, thousands were
turned away and those who were fortunate enough to find entrance sat
spellbound for over an hour end a half us he related his experiences at the
front
The famous Scot has a warm spot in his heart for the U. S. Marines.
After his 6peech, he cordial!; greeted Sergeant Fachman from headquarters
of the recruiting force in Los Angeles and expressed his heartfelt hope
that the "First to Fight" boys would continue to bt successful in '.heir v
rmitirtr caifwim thro'irbri; the ?o:3hv.-o:t.
"Zip." the pet puppy of Chauncey j
Mitchell, Jr., resident of Quality Hill,
has been killed. After he had suffered j
most cf an afternoon from pcison ad-'
ministered him by unknown parties.
the father of the pup's owner and an
office-! were forced to put the animal
out ol his misery. Now, a little boy's
heart bleeds for a dead little dog.
Chaucy junior is out gunning for the I
norDin vhn nnjannarl hiu null t h . Imiv's !
j . v 1 .ili.l 1. V. p.. ....... .... ...u 1' J' . ...w j
I father reported yesterday. The little i
I fellow is vindictive in his chase, and
he has been keeping close watch on j
other dogs and all strangers in the i
neighborhood. i
Residents of Quality Hill, since the
poisoning of "Zip" have been at a loss
to attribute motive for the poisoner's
work, or to guess as to who is doing
the work. However, they are keeping
pets closely curbed pending the pass-
ing of the poisoner and his cruel
ground glass administration. I
COMPLETE ADDRESSES
TO INSURE DELIVERY
OF MAILS IN FRANCE
KAY COPPER GROUP
BRINGS BIG PRICE
FROM MOHAVE MEN
REPORTED KILLED.
R. A. Dorame, who was the leader
nf Vn Mnvl.m n ctaniont Hiirinfr 1 1 1 0 I '
troubio here last summer, is reported
to have been shot by a firing squad
south of Agua Prieta between there
and Nogales. Perhaps he was shot for
the same reason that Governor Hunt's I
friend, De Lara, war. An official in
vestigation by the governor's office
might develop the details the sanns as
did iu the De Lara case.
As long as the flowers their prefume give,
So long I'd let the kaiser live
Live and live for a million years,
With nothing to drink but Belgian tears,
With nothing to quench his awful thrist
But the salted brine of a Scotchman's curse.
I would let him live on a dinner each day,
Served from silver on a golden tray
Served with things both dainty and sweet
Served with everything but things to eat.
And I'd make him a bed of silken sheen,
With costly linens to lie between,
With covers of down and fillets of lace,
And downy pillows piled in place ;
Yet when to its comfort he would yield.
It would stink with the rot of th battlefield,
And blood and bones and brains of men
Should cover him, smother him and then
His pillows should cling with the rotten cloy
Cloy from the grave of a soldier boy.
And while God's stars their vigils keep,
And while the waves the white sands sweep,
He should never, never, never sleep.
And through all the days, through oil the years.
There should be an anthem in his ears.
Ringing and singing and never done
From the edge of the light to the set of the sun.
Moaning and moaning and moaning wild -A
ravaged French girl's bastard child!
And 1 would build him a castle by the sea.
As lovely a castle as ever could be ;
Then I'd show him a ship from over the sea,
As fine a ship as ever could be,
Laden with water cold and sweet,
Laden with everything good to eat;
Yet scarce does she touch the silvered sands,
Scarce may he reach his eager hands.
Then a hot and hellish molten shell,
Should change his heaven into hell,
And though he'd watch on the wave-swept shore,
Our Lusitania would rise no more!
In "No Man's Land," where the Irish fell,
I'd start the kaiser a private hell,
I d jab him, stab him, give him gas.
In every wound I'd pour ground glass.
I'd march him out where the brave boys died
Out past the lads they crucified.
In the fearful gloom of his living tomb,
There is one thing I'd do before I was through,
I'd make him sing in a stirring manner,
The wonderful words of "The Star-Spangled
Banner."
From January "Silent Partner."
WITH THE AMERICAN ARMY IN f
FRANCE. February 24. (Correspon-,
dence of the Associated Press) More ,
complete addresses on mail for sol-:
diers will insure prompt delivery, a:-;
cording to a statement issued today on j
behalf of John Clark, postal agent who
has charge of the handling in Franc"?
ot mcil for the American EiiPcMicn-1
ary Fcrces. There have been com- j
plaints from ofneers and men atiii;i
the time it takes for letters and pack I
ages from home to reach them. ;
The greatest catise of delay is sai.l ! .
to be improper or insufficient addre-ss- j
es. All letters to American troops in:
France should be legibly addresses
and the addresses sho'ilii contain the
rank, full name and initials ol the ad- j
drest-ee as well as his organization.!
regiment and company. j
it should be remembered that there j
are im.nv men 01 me saic: name mi
a letter impropeitly or insiHVicirn'ly
addiesred will reach the uan for
PRESCOTT, March 30. One of the
largest mining deals closed in thia
county in rscent years is thai wherein
Messrs. Mclver and Long and their
as.-ociates in the United Eastern Co.
at Ontman have purchased outright
all interests of the Kay Copper Com
pany, in Black Canyon dis'rict, tha
consideration being over $150,(00, it is
reported.
This transaction wa3 consummated
last week, and immediately after pos
session was given the new operators
arted to operate with a large force
'if miners. The Kay- is an old-operated
c?ppcr-:rold property, r. ad has been
a heavy shipper to Ghndah; on tt.e S.
F. P. P. road, by wagon freighting.
its ore ccntent being unusually high
to withstand the haul or over 60 miles !
Development shows a shaft of over ,
o50 feet in d'-'pth and other working
It is sit-J
HENNESSY
Undertaking Parlors
PHONE 15. O K ST.
BISSEE TRANSFER,
STORAGE & COAL CO.
Warehouse & Office Opposite Depot
PHONES 640 and 50.
Spring Shoes That Will Win in a Walk
me
and come up a-smiling at
the end of the dressy
man's race for popular
favor. The feel and the
fit are as fine as can be
we've worn them ourselves
and know this is so. Our
prices are right, too
$4.50 to $10
MAIN STREET
JOE DICKSTEIN
NEXT TO REVIEW BUILDING
Contractor and Builder
ESTIMATES AND PLANS FURN
ISH ED.
WM. McDOUGALL
Opposite Lincoln School
v o.l th, ,'U n.. f.inr.iifn lh:tt ' ucn-watlllg u.f.T . wu I.-l-L,
district, and has been active at inter-;
whom it is Intended, even it it p-i,i- j " .'"r ' "?' V .
tbrourh the military statistic..: divis-! I- ts fLjued that th? new investors,
ion. The delay is bound to bc great if j are bringing la some of the heaviest;
nuantities of letters constantly are " uiumviy uu
ra iii tr Ihrmiph the Ktatistical divis-
thi, ru-nnli liciiip- iten n-lu'H fur ' COmlV'j'Jat ? a
each cue.
already a camp is being built to ac-
large number of employ-
Tiie early building of the Prescctt
and l'hcenix short line railway is oee
of the inducements for this big dca.
to be closed up. and after cons' ruction
begins it is abo assured a reductir.n
pl-.iiU will bo built. Water is abundant
lrom th? Agua I ria river, which cours
es through the group, while timber is
also available in inexhaustible quan
tities from the Brsdshuus close by.
The Kay also is ideally located for
all-year operations, being some dis-
LO:. DON", FcbruaVy, 27. Some idea tance from the snowshed. The fact
of the work which rationing has en- f the United Eastern entering t!iat
tailed in London may be gathered ' field has occasioned other mining men
fr-jri the fact that in the borotich of to appear, and more deals are pending.
Islington, the most populous of the
thirty-odd Ixjndon subdivisions, M'ie
thatt' t'fi6.ooi rationing cards we.v is
sued. These provide for -i opul:iiio!i
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Solicits Your
Patronage
PHONE 58
A: Utters and packages als'i slioul 1 1
havr upon them a return address. j
It ii, explained that there i.-. certain t
to bt some delay in mail del vm.. be-1
cause of disturbed sea and land traf
fic conditions, but proper a -Idreiisin?, :
it is s; id. will eliminate mil h cause
for complaint in the future. j
LONDON RATIONING WORK I
JOHN G. WILSON
Contractor & Builder
Estimates furnished on alt classes
of Buildings.
SEE ME LAST
Phone Green 723.
of ::i,IHMl, including S:.mmi separate
households living in Eio.mm hom.'V.
The 1'0 butchers f the horu-jt;l, havn
been organized into a single compact
association for co-operative luii..
HAVE A SON.
Mrs. Angelo Hayes has presented
her hiiKhand with a nine pound liahy
Ixiy. The youngster arrived last Mon
day at the Copper Queen hospit il
Mother atid ton are lioth doing r.icetv
Mr. Vayes is a lumvr employed at the
Cm? thalt.
Tht familiar sight of Deputy Sheriff
I'ctcy Itovwlen driving through the
city with his yellow Paige loaded
down with whiskey, lieer. etc.. for
Tombstone from Douglas, will he no
more.. Percy has sold 'the "Yellow
Peril" to parties who are now usins
the car for hire in Douglas and he has
secured for himself a gray liuick
roadster, lie will use that to chase
hoot'egbcrs with but will hire cars
hei culler to carry the booze away
from Douglas so that the thirsty citi
zens there cannot steal it and have
th- I'i rity squad rave about the vay
iu which the morals cf the towu are
beiufe corrupted.
w
I
I
CATARRH
CF THE
a LADDER
24 Hours
CHICHESTER S PILLS
.dir.! A.k j... Urav IM .
Mil. I. K4 'l t.U .-t.H..V
I. 1 itk li;- K.u.-a. y
Take fbr. Ri V
Arizona Corporation Commission, Permit No. 1275, Investment No. 90L
"The Arizona Corporation Commission does not recommend the stock,
bonds or other securities offered for sale by this company."
(The above statement has been ordered by the Arizona Corporation
Commission placed on all advertising, owing, we understand, to misrep
resentation on the part of certain companies in the past.)
LAST CHANCE ON
E. A. EDWARDS OIL
(A
lnin.'-t. A-k'T Ml Clf.Tn
MAVOVO BHiMI Hl.l, (-.V
Voo a n be.t.5 ileal. AN vi K j
SOLO BY DRLGGISIS VLRMHLK
Dr. Edwards' Own Company Snares Are
Now Selling at lc To Be Advanced to 2c
100 Per Cent Advance.
At a recent nicetins; of the Directors of the E. A. EDWARDS OIL t
REFINING COMPANY, the Directors voted that the Company should
start drilling as soon as possible in the Chino Valley where the Com
pany owns, by quit-claim deed, three (3) full sections 1920 acres.
Also the Company voted to commence operations on two (2) full
sections, owned by quit-claim deed, in the Muddy Creek District of
Wyoming total 12S0 acres.
This doesn't represent, by any means, the company's entire hold
ings, as the company lias valuable leases.
DR. E. A. EDWARDS, the fouider of the E. A. EDWARDS OIL t
HE KIN INC COMPANY, is the greatest oil discoverer the world has ever
known, having discovered the WH1TTIEU OIL FIELDS, the VENTURA
OIL FIELDS, and the LIMA FIELDS OF OHIO. He has letters of en
dorsement from Lyman Stewart of the Union Oil Company, from E. L.
Doheny and T. Spellacy of the Mascot Oil Company.
Dr. Edwards is vice president of the ARIZONA OIL t REFINING
COMPANY, whnse shares were formerly offered at 3c now selling at
20c and drilling 24 hours a day.
THE EDWARDS CCVPANY plan to list their shares on the DEN-
vr.ii eo.wi.iiitu siLn.tv tALiiAMJE, thus giving a ready mar
ket for the shares.
Buy Today Before the 100 Per Cent Advance
GENERAL INVESTMENT SECURITIES
CORPORATION
Come in and see the big map of the Chino Valley Oil Fields on
display at
ROYAL CONFECTIONERY COMPANY
Brewery Gulch, Bisbee, Arizona, or Box 744, Phoenix, Ariiota
THE DAILY REVIEW WANT ADS BRING RESULTS THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW. SUNDAY MORNING, APRIL 7, 1918.
FIVE
Vin Spires on the Needles-Parker Road
Vf - "-C r : .r- v
Seth Hudgint, Goodrich Road Scout
"fma nf iha mrttt f narinnHnp srpnes
on that road ot many wonders, tbe
Apache Trail, is the view from the top
of Fish Creek Hill, looking down the
canyon," said J. J. Bowen of the Bis
bee Auto Company, local Goodrich tire
dealer.
"The first thing that strikes the eye
is the huge Balanced Rock. This riv
als tne famous boulder in the Colorado
'Garden of the Gods" for size and inter
est. -Two thousand feet below, through
the canyon, flows turbulent Fish Creek
on its way to join Salt River. Sheer
cliffo of the most fantastic hues rise
on every side. The dark green of the
sycamore and cottonwood trees lining
the crrek presents a striking contrast
against the dark red of the cliff for
mations. "Dimly in the distance, 'Four Peaks'
mountain thrusts its snow-capped
; "There are fully a score of 'ultra- j
attractions' for the motorist in Arizo-i
i na. ThHe good roads policy which the
state is energetically putting into ac
tion, will make them easily accessible
But they should be advertised. Cali
i fornia's lesson should be learned and
I applied to our own state.
"The B. F. Goodrich Rubber Compa
ny has the hearty commendation of
every bood Arizona citizen for the ef
forts it is making in behalf of the good ;
roads cause. Its reliable road data, '
printed on cards, and distributed free, '
is a great stimulant to travel. ;
"The company is also conducting a
vigorous publicity campaign to awaken
Arizonans to the possibilities of their
state. Pictures and articles are run
from time to time in the leading news
papers. These have already proved of j
great benefit."
..FV"N.
spires into the sky. Below y.ytt,,4iariy
a half mile closer to sealev'el.'is a pan
orama of striking beauty. More than
ten miles of the trail, as it winds Its
way through the canyon, can be seen
from here. The clear atmosphere
makes It appear almost at your feet,
and you are tempted to throw a stone
right down on it.
"Directly below you is Fish Creek
otel. Descending to the famous can
yon hostelry,- you' Tjjarvel at the road
over xbich you t$ifel. For three miles
it is cut out of 'solid granite, as hard
and perfect a highway as any motorist
could wish for.
"Few states can offer such scenes
to the motorist," continued Mr. Bowen.
"Herb is a natural vista which, in the
opinion of some people, rivals the
Grand Canyon. Yet how many know
about it?
;
How Long Will a Battery Last?
That depends to a tremen
dous extent on thequality of the
insulation between the plates.
It is the insulation that pro
tects the plates from contact
with one another from short
circuiting and perhaps niin
ng the battery.
In perfecting Threaded Rub
vc: Insulation, Willard Las c!c
. lopH the sturdiest, most
durable battery insulation
made one which greatly re
duces the chances of "broken
down" insulation.
And this important factor in long
battery life is backed up by Willard
Service, which will test pr.d fill your
battery regularly, give you good ad
vice ii battery care,- and offers
expert work when you need repairs
or recharging.
Is Willard Service working foryou?
Investigate Two
Insane Suspects
Representatives ot the Immigration
Office at Naco were in the city yester
day making an investigation of tb
cases ot two Mexican women who are
alleged insane. The women have
been held at the home ot L. J. Acosta,
since his arrival in the city some time
ago. He brought them out of Mex
ico over five years ago, he claims, and
had them in El Paso before coming
here. The women are insane, of tht
fact there is no doubt, and they have
been held by Acosta. They are now
allowed to come to town and are not
paid anything, and, according to the
neighlmrs.they are subjected to mis
treatment at the hands of the Acosta
family. In Mexico it is the, custom to
give women that are insane out to
families and let them use them the
same as slaves and thereby the gov
ernment is saved the cost of keeping
them. Acosta secured them in this
manner and brought them acrods the
line. The women do not realize their
condition and seem to think that Acos
ta has the right to keep them. The
officers will make a report of their in
vestigation to the head office. Undsr
the la" if a Mexican insane has been
in the country for over three years
they cannot be deported, but this case
is an entirely new one and it may take
a different course. The women are
virtually in servitude.
"There is no half-way house between
victory and defeat." Lloyd George.
Nothing is as usual; why eat as
usual?
Legal Notices.
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR
U. S. PATENT
- Mineral Survey No. 3387
Serial No. 038239
United States Land Office, Phoenix,
Arizona, March 1, 1918.
Notice is hereby given: That R. A.
Bretherton and C. M. Henkel, whose
postoffice addresses is Bisbee, Cochise
County, Arizona, have made applica
tion for patent for the following named
lode mining claim, situated in the
Warren Mining District, Cochise Coun
ty, Arizona, in Section 13, unaourcved,
T. 23-S. R. 24-E. G. & S. R. B. & M,
described as follows, to-wit:
SUCCESS: Beginning at Corner
No. 1, the N. E. corner, whence the
W corner of Section 18. T. 23-S. R.
25-E. G. & S. R. B. & M. bears N. 89
11 E. 2948.8 feet; thence S 4 34' W.
326.40 feet to corner No. 2; thence N.
87" 21' W. 1500 feet to corner No. 3;
thence N. 4 34' E. 425.30 feet to nr
ner No. 4; thence S. 83 34' E. 1500
feet to corner No. 1, the place of be
ginning, containing a net area rt 7.351
acres, expressly excluding area in con
flict with Survey No. 3117, Bruce Lodd
of 3.802 acres, and with Survey No.
3117, Baltic Ixxle, of 1.783 acres.
The location notice of this claim is
recorded in the office of the County
Recorder of Cochise County, Arizona,
as follows:
SUCCESS Book 49, Records
of Mines, Page 138.
The names of tbe adjoining claims
to tWs survey are: On the North Sur
vey No. 2176, Corona iode and Survey
No. 3158, Corona lode; on the East
Survey No. 3158, Rolla lode and Sur
vey No. 3117 Baltic lode; on the South
Survey No. 3117 Baltic lode and Sur
vey No. 3117 Bruce lode; on the West
Survey No. 2029 Horse Shoe lode.
. J. L. IRVIN, Register.
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR U.
S. PATENT.
oilman & Wright
Central Theater Building - - - LOWELL
vi lira m avfl
Mineral Survey No. 3384.
U. S. Land Office, Phoenix, Arizona,
February 28, 191S.
Notice i hereby given that Samuel
Sutcliffe, C. W. Ram bo and Carl Smith
whose postoffice addresses are Bisbee,
Arizona, have made application for a
patent for the Winnebago lode mining
claim, situated in Warren Mining Dis
trict, Cochise County, State ot Arizo
na, in Section 7. (unapproved) Town
ship 23, south, range 24 east, G. & S.
R. B. & M., which claim is described
as follows, to-wit:
Beginning at corner Na 1, the S. E.
corner, whence the U. S. M. M. No. 1,
Warren Mining District bears S. 77
degrees 37 minutes east, 8754.1 feet.
thence S. 61 degrees 26 minutes W.
600.00 feet to corner No. 2, the S. W.
corner, thence N. 5 degrees 24 minutes
east, 1500.00 feet to corner no. . the
N. W. coraer, thence N. 61 degrees 26
minutes E. 600.00 feet to corner No. 4,
the N. E, corner, thence S. 5 degrees
24 minxes 1500.00 feet to corner No.
1, the place of the beginning, contain
ing net area ot 17.136 acres.
The location notice of this claim is
recorded in the County Recorder's of
fice, Cochise Couuty, State of Arizona,
as follows: Book 42, Record ot Mines,
at page 435.
Tbe names ot the adjoining claims
are: North. Blue Bird, unsurveyed, j
owned by the Copper Queen Con. Mg. (
Company; East, Bisbee Queen, unsur- j
veyed, owned by C. W. Rambo; South.
White Bird, unsurveyed, owned by II.
W. Clarkson and N. L. Ilayden; West,
Silver Lead, unsurveyed, owned by C. I
W. Rambo. i
J. L. IRVIN, Register.
First publication Feb. 28, 1918. i
Cor. No. 2, the S. W. Cor., thence N.
llc 02' E. 6uo.feet to Cor. No. 3, the
N. W Cor., thence S. 77 67' E. 14!)tt
fett to Cor. No. 4. the N. E. Cor,
.htnee S. 11 02' W. 600 feet to Cor.
No. 1, the place of the beginning, con
taining a net area of 11.479 acres ex-prt-ssly
excluding area in conflict with
Survey No. 3158, Holla lode of 7.611
acres, and with Survey No. 3374, Rock
land lode of 1.61J acres."
BISBEE "Beginning at Cor. No. 1,
the S. E. Cor., whence the W 4 Cor.
ot Sec. 18, T. 23 S., R. 25 E, G. & S.
R 11. M. brs. S. 64' 20' E. 943.4 ft,
thence N. 77 67' W. 1498 feet to Cor.
No 2, the S. W. Cor, thence N. 11
02' E. 600 feet to Cor. No. 3, the N. W.
Cor., thence S. 77 57' E. 1498 feet to
Cur. No. 4, the N. E. Cor, thence 8. 11
02' W. 6u0 feet to Cor. No. 1. the
place ot the beginning, containing a
not area of 20.630 acres.
itED ROCK "Beginning at Cor. No.
i the S. E. Cor, thence N. 79 53' W.
1460.90 feet to Cor. No. 2, the S. W.
Cos., thence N. 24 32' W. 406.70 feet
tc Cor. No. 3, the N. W. Cor, thence S.
i7' 67 E. 1496.70 feet to Cor. No. 4,
the N. E. Cor, thence S. 24 32' E.
345 30 feet to Cor. No. 1, the place ot
thtj beginning, a net area ot 7.504
acies, expressly excluding area In con
flict with Survey No. 3137 Jack Pot
No. 3.
CARBONATE "Beginning at Cor.
No. 1, the N. E. Cor, whence the W
Cor. of Sec. 18, 1. 23 S, R. 25 E, G. tc
S. R. B. & M. brs. S. 69 54' E. 717.3
feet, thence 8. 3- 24' W. 1485.60 feet
to Cor. No. 2, the S. E. Cor, thence N.
77 67' W. 532.30 feet to Cor. No. 3,
the 8. W. Cor, thence N. 0 52' E. 600
fot to Cor. No. 4, thence S. 73 09' E.
27.30 feet to Cor. No. 5, thence N. 13
47' E. 597.80 feet to Cor. No. 6, thence
N. 73 09' W. 40 feet to Cor. No. 7,
thence N. 24 32' W. 345.30 feet to
Cor. No. 8, the N. W. Cor, thence S.
77 57' E. 600 feet to Cor. No. 1, the
place ot the beginning, net area ot
9.691 acres, expressly excluding area
jln conflict with Sulphide Iode of this
survey oi l.osz acres ana who Durvey
No 3390 Nancy Hanks lode of 5.744
acres.
SULPHIDE Beginning at Cor. Nc.
1, the S. E. Cor, whence the W.
Cor. of Sec. 18, T. 23 S, R. 25 E, G. &
S. R. B. & M. brs. N. 87 04' W. 594.7
feel, thence N. Si' 32' W. 1463.50 feet
to Cor. No. 2, the S. W. Cor, thence N.
2 24' E. 300 feet to Cor. No. 3. thence
N 11 02' E. 300 feet to Cor. No. 4,
the N. W. Cor, thence S. 77 57' E.
597 feet to Cor. No. 5, thence S. 86 34'
E 838 feet to Cor. No. 6, the N. E.
Cor, thence S. 2 24' W. 559.90 feet
to Cor. No. 1. the place of the begin
ning, containing a net area of 18.456
acies.
COPPER WEDGE Beginning at
Cor No. 1, whence the W. Cor. ot
Sec. 18, T. 23 S, R. 25 E, G. & S. R. B.
& M, brs. N. 1 55' W. 157.9 feet,
thence S. 66 17' W. 882.30 feet to
Coi No. 2, the S. W. Cor, thence N.
2" 24' E. 464.30 feet to Cor. No. 3, the
N. W. Cor, thence N. 84 46' E.
12M.S0 feet to Cor. No. 4. the N. E.
Coi.. thence S. 2 24' W. to Cor. Na 5,
th S. E. Cor, thence M. 88 55' W.
437.70 feet to Cor. No. 1, the place ot
the beginning, containing a net area of
4.694 acres, expressly excluding area
in conflict with Sulphide lode, this sur
vey of 3.257 acres."
The location notices of these claims
are recorded in the County Recorder's
oft'.ce, Cochise County as follows:
Warren Book. 53, Page 423.
Bisbee Book 53, Page 426.
Red Rock Book 53, Page 423.
Sulphide Book 53, Page 425.
Copper Wedge Book 53, Page 421.
Carbonate Book 53, Page 422.
The names of the adjoining claims
ure: North Survey, No. 2413 Mayflow
er. Golden Gate, Juniper and Wedge
lodes. East Survey No. 2425, Delta
lodft. South Survey No. 3390, Golcon
da, Sunshine anl Nancy Hanks lodes.
Survey No. 3137, Jack Pot No. 1, and
Jack Pot No. 3 lodes. Survey No. 6158,
Jioila lode. Survey No. 3374, Rockland
lode. West, Survey No. 3374, Rock
land lode, Anna lode unsurveyed,
owned by R. A. Bretherton and C. M.
HenkeL
J. L. IRVIN, Register.
First Publication March 8, 1918.
Lat Publication May 17, 1918.
STATE OF ARIZONA
j Office Of The
I ARIZONA CORPORATION COMMIS
SION
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA,
ss.
STATE OF ARIZONA,
The Arizona Corporation Commis
sion does hereby certify that the an
nexed is a true and complete tran
script of tbe
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
' OF
"LOWELL GOLD MINING CO."
whicn were filed in the office ot said
the 12tb day of March A. D. 1918, at
3:00 o'clock p. m, as provided by law.
TESTIMONY WHEREOF, The Ari
zona Corporation Commission, by its !
Chairman, has hereunto set its bund j
and affixed its Official Seal. Dote at
tbe City of Phoenix, the Car ital, this j
12th day ot March A. D. lalS.
Attest: ARIZONA CORPORATION I
COMMISSION
SAMUEL PROCTOR, F. A. JONES,
Secretary. Chairman.
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION.
KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRES
ENTS: That we. A. F. BORREGO, JOHN
P. WILLIAMSON, and J. L. Winters,
do hereby associate ourselves for the
purpose of forming a corporation under
the laws of the State of Arizona, and
for this purpose we hereby adopt the
following ARTICLES OF INCOPI'OR
ATION: I
The names and addressee ot the in
corporators are: A. F. Borrego, whose
residence and postoffice address is
Lowell, Arizona; John P. Williamson,
whose residence is South Bisbee, Ari
zona, and whoso postoffice address is
Warren, Arizona; and J. L. Winteis,
whose residence and postoffice ad
dress is Warren, Arizona.
And the name of the corporation
shall be "LOWELL COLD M'.MNG
COMPANY. And the principal place
ot transacting the business of this coi
po rat ion shall be Lowell. Cochise
Coun'y, Arizona; and the principal
places of transacting business outside
ot Arizona shall be such places as the
Board ot Directors may from tiive to
time by resolution designate; and this
corporation shall have such other
places ot business, within or without
the State of Arizona, as the Board of
Directors may from time to time by re
solution designate, and at such places
meetings ot the Board of Directors
may be had.
II
Tha general nature oC the buines?
proposed to be trans-iced by this cor
poration is as follows, to wit: To ac
quire, own, develop, operate, sell,
lease, mortgage, hypothecate, convey
and dial in mines, mining claims, loc
ations, minerals, mineral lands, rail!
sites, real estate, both mineral und
non-mineral, mining property, ttth
real and personal, stamp mills, con
centrating and smelting plants and
works, water and water rights for
power, domestic, mining and other pur
poses, and easements and rights of
way for ditches, flumes, pipa lines, res
ervoirt, dams, tramways, roads, fraa
chises and railroads, electric, teleg
raph and telephone lines and roads;
also to buy and sell ores, bullion and
mineral substances, machinery, tools,
implements and all kinds ct persoual
properties; also to engage in general
merchandising and commercial busi
ness; to own, lease, and opercm hotels
and restaurants; to dra-v, make. f
cept, discount, execute anl issua rrom
isory notes, bills of exchange and oth
er negotiable and transferal!', instru
ments; to purchase, hold, sell, issue
and re issue the shares ot capital
stock of this corporation, and to pur
chase, hold, vote, and tram-'er the cap
ital stock of other corporation.
Ill
The amount of capital stock of this
corporation shall be Fifty Thousand
$50,000) Dollars, divided Into Two
Hundred Thousand (200.000)- shares,
of the par value of twenty-five cents
per share, and said stock shall be is
sued full paid, and non-assessable, at
such time or times as the Board of
Directors may designate, in exchange
for cash, property, services, or other
valuf 'ole rights or things, and the judg
ment ot tbe said Board of Director a
to tne value thereof shall be conclu
sive. IV
The time of the commencement of
this corporation shall be the date of
the issue of the certificate ot incor
poration by the Arizona Corporation
coiuuiisbion. and the corporation snail
endure tor tne full term ot twenty
five (25) years thereafter, with the
privilege of perpetual succession, as
provided by tne statutes.
V
The affairs of this corporation shall
be conducted by a board ot seven di
rectors, and those named herein, hold
ing tbe respective otticea named, shall
constitute the Board of Directors until
tne second Monday ot June, A. IK.
119, and until their successor are
elected and qualitied.
VI
The highest amount of liability,
direct or contingent to which this cor
poration snail at any time subject it
self is t hirty-three Tnousand 03,000)
Dollars.
VII
The first annual meeting ot the
stocknolders of this corporation shall
oe held at its offices in Lowell, Ari
zona, on the second Monday la Jund,
islS, at the hour ot 7:30 p. m, and the
regular annual meeting of stockhold
ers snail be held thereafter at the
same piac on the second Monday in
June of each year. At stockholders'
uieeuuga votes may be cast la person
or by proxy. The officers ot this cor
poration shall be a President, a Vic
president, a Secretary, a Treasurer,
and such other officers as may be des
ignated by the board of Directors; and
until their successors shall have been
elected and qualitied, the following
named persons thall be the director
and officers of this corporation:
J. U WINTERS, Warren.
Arizona, President and Director.
J. P. WILLIAMSON, Warren,
Arizona, Vice President and Director.
A. F. BOKREGO. Lowell.
Arizona, Secretary-Treasurer.
DlC W. P. SIMS, Bisbee,
Arizona, Director.
L. U. NAYLOR, Lowell,
Arizona. Director.
SOL J. MORGANSTERN, Lowell,
Arizona, Director.
B. J. FINCH. LowelL
Arizona, Director.
P. H. WILLIAMSON. Lowell.
Arizona. Director.
The by-laws ot the corporation shall
be such as are adopted at the first
meeting ot the incorporators, but the
Board of Directors shall have the
power to adopt additional by-laws not
inconsistent therewith.
V1U
The private property of the stock
holders ot this corporation shall be ex
empt from all corporate debts ot every
kind whatsoever.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, we have
hereunto set our hands this 7th day
of March, 1918.
A. F. BORREGO,
JOHN P. WILLIAMSON.
J. L. WINTERS.
STATE OF ARIZONA
ss.
COUNTY OF COCHISE
Before me. Edw. J. Flanigan, a notr
ary public In and for Cochise County.
Arizona, personally appeared A. F.
Bon-ego, John P. Williamson, and J. L.
Winters, known to me to be the per
sons whose names are subscribed to
the foregoing instrument and ac
knowledged to me that they executed
the same for the purposes and con
sideration therein expressed.
Given under my hand and seal of of
fice this 7th day of March. 1918.
EDW. J. FLANIGAN.
Notary Public. Cochise County, Aria.
(My commission expires February 20,
1920.)
(Notarial Seal)
Filed in the office of the Arizona
Corporation Commission this 12 day
of March. A. D. 1918 at 3:00 p. m, at
request of EDWARD J. FLANIGAN.
whose postoffice address is Bisbee.
Arizona.
ARIZONA CORPORATION C O M
MISSION. By F. A. JONES.
Chairman.
394
CKTtfcJUcsaund, Ul
NOTICE OF THE APPLICATION OF
THE BISBEE-WARREN COPPER ,
COMPANY FOR A UNITED STATES '
PATENT i
Mineral Survey No. 3389.
U. S. Land Office, Phoenix. Ariz,
March 4. 1918.
I otice is hereby given that the Bisbee-Warren
Copper Company, a cor-1
pi'iition organized and existing under ,
the laws of the State of Arizona, with
its principal office at the city of Bis-1
bee, by its president and secretary, ,
thereunto duly authorized by resolu-
fion of its Ixtard ot directors, has made j
implication for patent for the following
mimed lode mining claims, situated in
the Warren Mining District of Cochise j
County, State of Arizona, approximate- ;
ly in Section 13, Towuship 23 S.. Range ,
2t E, (unapproved) and Section IS,
TowtisMp 23 S, Range 25 E, described
us follows:
WARREN "Beginning at Cor. No.
t. the S. E. Cor, whence the W. hi
Cor. of Sec. IS. T 23 S . R 23 E, G. &
8. R. B. ft M, brs. S. 72 43' E. 2425.1
ft, thence N. 77 57' W. 1196.0 feet to
Gas Fired Water Heater
For Attaching
to Your
Range Boiler
Provides abundant supply of
hot water at reasonable cost.
Call at our store and ask for
demonstration, or make re
quest for representative to call
upon you.
pi '
1 I
.5! 'i
ri
H !
S ,1
l l d ri. -" ;
Bisbee Improvement Co. SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, APRIL 7, 1918.
tor
District
Warren
OFFICERS FACE
DANGERS WITH
HEN JN FRANCE
Generals and Staffs Do Not
Enjoy Mansions and Lead
Troops From Behind Lines
In Great Conflicts.
BEHIND THE BRITISH LINES IN
FRANCE, March 7. (Correspondence
of The Associated Press) The idea
that generals and staff officers live
in mansions and "lead their regiments
from behind" does not apply to the
British army, as anyone can testify
who has spent any considerable time
In the war zone in France. Staff
rank Is no passport to safety, l3ast
of all iu these days, when the belt
of the danger area Is many miles
wide and over vast areas of shelterless
and desolated countryside the best
cover that can be hoped for is the
ruins of an old rusout or the crumb
ling cup of a shell hole.
A concrete illustration of the fact
that the senior officers are as ready
to face the dansers of the battlefield
as their comrade sof the rank an''
file, is four.d in the recent award of
the Victoria Crrsi to an officer who
holds a hiirh command in the field.
Brigadier General Clifford Coffin of
th Rov.-l Engineers General Coffin
was already the holder of the prized
Distinguished Service Order, but the
award of the V. C. is made specifi
cally "as a bright example of how a
commander, by his own fearlessness
and devotion to duty, can inspire his
men to face the nest trying: situa
tion." Risk of Runners
One of the chief difficulties in any
attack is the maintenance of com
munications. As soon as an attack
commences, the enemy drops a curf.ir
of shells between tve advancing troops
snd their supporters, to prevent mes
sages getting back or rifles coming
up. Telephone wires are cut by shell
fire and runners trVe tr-nv?n'.loi)'
risks while making their way through
the barrage.
Knowing this. General Coffin de
cided that it was his duty to be in
such a position as would enable liin.
to get very quick and accurate In
formation of the way in which the at
tack progressed With this object, he
established his headquarters in a shell
hole, which, although exposed to
heavy 6n!ping fin d?rtil!ery fire, had
tbe advantage of being close to the
front lines.
Later, hearintr that the advance of
his men had been checked hy verv
heavy machine-gun and rifle fire from
the front and right flank, and that
they weie digging themselves in an
a shell-hole line on the. forward Glape
of a ridze, b'e determined to ga for
ward prsoa.tlly tn dinstv:-t his posts.
Accompanied by a orderly he went
up the new line. wher he found that
win; to serious casualties among the
officers, and the deadly fire that was
being cmceitn-ted upon the positions,
the ground that had been won was in
grave danger cf being lost
Thouph under the heaviest fire from
both machine guns an drifles, and in
full view of ti e enemy, he fearlessly
walked quietly from shell hole to shell
liole, giving advice to officers and
cheering the men by his presence.
He was the most conspicuous figure
there as he made his way from ore
end of the line to the other. Men
were falling all around him. but the
general appeared to be unperturoea.
A company commander who was
present said that when the men saw
their general walking calmly cround
the posts in the face of the e.ieniy's
fire, they were encouraged by his ex
ample to work all the harder at their
task of digging themselves in. "The
general," he said, 'has gained the
confidence of every man, not only of
mv company, but other companies I
h?ve never seen a braver or cooler
officer than Wn fo rhe cannot know
what fear is.'.
His very gallant conduct had the
greatest effect upon all ranks, and it
was largely owirig to his persjuul
courage and example that his com
mand held on to the shellhole line in
spite of the heaviest fire. It was
generally agreed that by his presence
in the front line at such a criri?al
time. General Coffin saved the situation.
AMERICAN TROOPS
IN FRANCE ENJOV
I VACATIONS
SHOR
Between Three and Five Hun
dred Daily Depart on Gen
eral Leave in Department
of Savoie.
AIX-LES-BAINS. March 1. (Corres
pondence of Th Associated Press)
Between 300 and 500 American sol
diers arc arriving or leaving here each
day on special trains. Smaller num
bers are entering and leaving the
towns of Chambrey, Challes-les-Faux
r.nj other places in the Deptifmeni of
Savoie, which has been selectee? rs the
first great leave center of the Ameri
can army. These soldiers ar3 Ameri
ca's first "permissionaires" on general
leav. All of the first arrivals have
been members of the first expedition
to reach France and likewise tae first
to see &ctive service in the trenches.
The question of taking care of mon
on Its vi has been one of the most om
portant problems with which thj Lust
ed states army has had to deal. After
consulting with representatives of the
Young Men's Christian Association
and ether welfare organizations it was
deafdtd to experiment with the plan
of selecting in turn various inerestiog
places in France to which the mer
coulri be sent. General orders werj
then Issued granting each officer and
man in France a leave of seven days,
exclusive of travel time, once every
four months. Free transportation Is
provided to men who spend their leave
in centers selected by the army. Leave
to Paris and other cities In France,
outside the leave area, is only provid-
j cd in exceptional cases.
j Y. M. C. A. Assists
I ' When the army selected the Depart
ment of Savoie as the first leave area,
the YcAing Men's Christian Association
Immediately began to make plans for
the reception of the men. Arrange
ments were first made with hotel pro
prietors whereby they would open
their hotels earlier than usual and r3
scrve & certain percentage of their
rooms for sildiers. All hotels in the
department, which contracted with the
Youne Men's Christian Association to
provide the necessary accommodation
were divided into three classes accord
ing to the rates to be charged. These,
rat.?s were fixed at 11, 13 and 17 francs
a day for room and board with the un
derstanding that no tips were to be giv
en by the men. Each hotel also agreed
to furnish the men with a hot bath up
on their arrival.
At Aix-les-Bains the Young Men's
Christian Association leased the big
casino for the exclusive use of the sol
diers. This includes a large theatre,
assembly hall, nid reading, writing,
billiard and game rooms. Afternoon
and evening concerts and theatricals
are given in the theatre with both pro
fessional and amateur talent as at
tractions. The soldiers have made full
use of the handsome casino which is
In operation from nine o'clock in the
morning until late'at night. The Young
Men's Christian Association has also
leased the casino at Charles-les-Eaux
and theatres in that town and Cham
ber. Tee famous thermal baths at Aix-les-
Bains have also been thrown open to
the soldiers for a nominal fee and they
I are proving very popular, especially
among those men who arrive in Aix
among those men who arrive in Aix
fresh from the trenches of northeast
ern France. A number of playgrounds
I and fields have also been leased where
baseball diamonds, football gridirons
and outdoor gasketball and tennis
couris are being laid out.
Lake Excursions I
A small steam launch on Lake Bour
get has been engaged for the season
and used to take soldiers on excursions
about the lake, including visits to the
noted Hautecombe Abbey, where 43
princes of the Italian reigning house
cf Savoy are buried.
Automobile drives have been begun
end each morning hiking parties start
cn tripe to the summits of neighbor
mountains. Good use Is also being
made of the mountain railway which
climbs to the summit of Mont Revard
from which one gets a splendid view
of the famous Mont Blanc.
No attempt has been made to distate
what the men should do on leave. Thov
have been given liberty of action with
in the necessary limitations of military
rule3 t.nd regulations. French police
authorities are cooperating with Am
erican array officers to protect the mor
ala of the men. Stringent orders have,
been if.sued to hotel and cafe keepers .
about the sale of spirituous liquors a
men on leave. All suspicious resorts
have been closed or declared "out of
bounds,' but there have been very tew
places of this nature.
A committee of women Young Men's '
Christian Association workers has un
dertaken the task of having th-?
clothe!, of the soldiers laundered and
mended. This service is highly appre
ciated because trenches are hard on
, clothes and but few of the soldiers are
j adept with a needle and thread,
i The cosmopolitan nature of Ameri
; ca's p.rmy is indicated by the fact that
30 states and 12 nationalities were rep
resented in the first two contingents
ol soldiers to arrive on leave,
i
WILLARD STORAGE MAN
VISITS IN BORDER CITY
Manager Wright, of the Willard
' Storage Battery Service Station at
Lowell, left last night for Douglas. He
is expected back the first of the week.
MANY MOTOR OWNERS
ASK FOR CARBAREOR
The Cochise Motor company has re
cehed numerous inquiries about the
famous Rayfiold corburetor which it
is now distributing in this territory.
The Rayfield carburetor has made a
great reputation for itself in all parts
of the country and is gaining in popu
lari'v every day.
Moisture Carburetor was received by
Mr. Main and he is now prepared to
demonstrate this wonderful instru
ment which adds water vapor to the
gas According to Mr. Main, the H-A
carburetor actually enables you to
burn one third hot water vapor and
save one third to one half of your
gasoline. The manufacturers sell the
instrument on a money back guarantee
and the device will probably prove ex
tremely popular among local motorists
SECOND-HAND CARS MANY F1SK TIRES
FOR LOWELL SALE TO ARRIVE TODAY
I A big shipment of Fisk tires is
Manager Main, of the Lowell Motor i scheduled to arrive today destined for
company, has placed a number of used j Hydo and Strack, who have secured
cars on sale for this week and the cars j the agency for Fisk and United States
are in fine mechanical shape. Each tires. Business is increasing every
car is guaranteed to be in good condi-! day vitb this hustling concern and
tion aild the prices are especially at-1 now it is able to deliver almost every
tractive. 'kind of an accessory in addition to ail
A shipment of the famous H-A j kinds ct oils and greases.
The Man That Looks Ahead
WINS
Anticipating Another Rise in "FORDS" These People Purchased
Cars Last Week:
Harry H. Owings, Jiggerville,
Geo.. Allen, Lowell
Chas. Bennett, Bakerville
W. L. Armstrong, Osborne
John Thomas, Warren
John Edwards, Lowell
Sef lbs, Bisbee
C. German, Warren
Geo. C. Dix, Bisbee
R. L. Haverty, Lowell
A. R. Borough, Bisbee Geo. Burrows, Lowell
'
IT IS THE ONLY CAR for the man that has to figure on the expenses.
ASK ANY FORD OWNER what HE thinks of a "FORD," then you
will know why we sell 12 a week.
Come and See the 1918 Model
f.
I
PHONE 636
iOO
Easy Terms Arranged
1EDSOE
JOHNSON ADDmON
Lowell Motor Co.
Has the Following Good Things
To Offer This Week .
The free service of a first-class tire man and vulcanizer
in the inspection of your tires.
The famous Gates Half-Sole tires. Guaranteed for
3,500 miles; practically puncture-proof and ordinarily
give from five to six thousand miles of service.
"Never-Leak" stops the leak in your radiator almost
instantly.
Wagner Motor Renovator removes the carbon .from
your motor in 45 minutes, at a trifling cost.
The Affinity Spark Plug. They are guaranteed t:
start a motor where other plugs fail. Sold on money
back guarantee.
SPECIAL FOR THIS WEEK ONLY
We have a number of Overlands and Studebakers in
good mechanical condition which we are offering for
sale at bargain prices if they are taken at once. Gafl at
our garage and inspect these cars before purchasing. It
will save you many dollars.
Lowell Motor Co.
PHONE 738
LOWELL'
r
United States
TIRES
The Best Tire Brains and
Skill Can Conceive The
Best Tire Money Can Buy.
Nothing but Quality-Miles
Piled on Miles to the Point
of Lowest Mileage Cost
Could Possibly Account for
This Great-Fact.
THE FIVE
ROYAL CORD, NOBBY, CHAIN, USCO, PLAIN
Plain Usco Chain
30x3 $13.80 $14.50 $16.40
30x3 17.95 18.80 21.35
32 x 3 '- 20.80 21.85 24.55
31 x4 27.45 28.80 33.50
33x4 .'. 29.30 30.80 35.90
34 x 4 30.05 31.50 36.65
1
ffyde $ S
SALES AND SERVICE STATION
JOHNSON ADDITION
Next to Borderland Garage.
PHONE 859
Tires, Tubes, Supplies
PHONE 859
Cut Your Gasoline
ill in Half
By Letting Us Place a
Rayfield Carburetor
On Your
AUTOMOBILE
The Rayfield is one of the most popu
lar carburetors in America today, and
it always will be, for it makes a gal
lon of gas go twice as far.
The Rayfield carburetor will give
your motor more power, quicker
starts and more mileage. It will soon
pay for itself. Why bother with car
buretor trouble, big gasoline bills and
charges for removing carbon? Call
at our garage now and let us equip
your car with a Rayfield. It will cost
you nothing if you are not satisfied,
except for installing it.
Cochise Motor Co.
PHONE
MAIN STREET
BISBEE
We Have Just
Received
A Big Shipment of the
Famous
g --:-2-L-lMMtM.ii II- I - - -- I
Had tn (h Stylish Black Trtad
Republic tires are made by the wonderful Pro
dium Process which reduces friction to a mini
mum. Republic tires are constructed to give
thousands of miles of real service to owners,
over all kinds of roads.
Call at our shop and let us show you the
rugged thread and its great tensile strength
and then let us equip your car with Republic
tires.
' Western
Vulcanizing
Shop
JOHNSON ADDITION
Our Vulcanizing and Retreading Facilities are the Best
In the Warren District
Review Want Ads Bring Results THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, APRIL 7, 1918.
SEVEN
Male Help Wanted
WANTED Boy for stock clerk,
dreus Box 547.
Ad
487 WANTED Licensed chauffeur wishes
position driving private car or serv
ice car on paying basis. Will give
refeiences. Address C. E. S., Care Re
view. 5'6
WANTED At once, salesman and
sales ladies; good salary guaranteed.
B. S RevieuL Give when and where
ell 583
WAN TED 15 men to take 'up hides;
Y 60c per hour; 10 days' work. Be at
our Lowell market at 8:00 a, m. Mon
de y. E. A. Tovrea. 679
4.1. a UN actual auto repairing, book-
,.ing, shorthand, radio engineer-i.-.j.
Young Men's Christian Asso-k.-v.on.
Los Angeles. Catalog free.
230
female Help Wanted
WANTED A seamstress by the day.
Spokane Boarding House. 568
WANTED Ten bright, capable wo
men to travel, demonstrate and sell
dealers. $25.00 to $50.00 per week.
Railroad fare paid. Weekly advance
for traveling expenses. Address at
onco Goodrich Drug Company, Dept.
131, Omaha, Nebr. 671
WANTED A woman to do mixed
work in a boarding houfie. Mrs.
Raby. 664
WANTED Housekeeper on ranch. P.
L. Savage, Gen. Del. 352
For Sale
FO!t SALE OR TRADE Two lots in
El Paso, what have you . Koy Benz,
Bisbee. 409
FOR SALE 4 room house and 5 room
house all improvements, Warren
Apply McDougall, contractor, oppo
site Lincoln School, Tombstone Can
you. Phone Green 728. 15
FOR SALE 5000 shares of Arikona
Oil &. Refining, at 8c, or any part.
G. R.. care Review. 543
FOR SALE Old papers are just the
thing for putting under carpets after
that spring housecleaning. They
make good cheap wrapping paper or
are ecellent for starting fires, pick
in homemade tireless coo!:e:s or
covering rough walls before paper
ing them. 25c per bundle at tho Ra
viev office. Cheaper in quantities.
541
FOR SALE Five room modern house
blvd. stop in Warren. Part cash, bal
ance like rent. P. O. Box 903 Bisbee
or Phone Green 712. 53"
FOR SALE 5 rooms and bath, large
. lot. fuces, $500 cash, bal. monthly.
payments, Bakerville.
& room new house and furniture, $700
cash. bal. easy payments. Adams
addition.
13 room house and furniture, price
$1700, $1000 cash, bal. monthly pay
ments. Johnson Addition. Apply
to M C. High. 046
TYPEWRITER PAPER, good bond,
paper, 81-2x11, at $1.00 per 500
sheets. Review Job Dept.
TYPEWRITER PAPER, good bond,
paper, 81-2x11, at $1.00 per 500
sheets. Review Job Dept.
FOR SALE OR RENT Small
restaurant in good location. Ad
dress Chas. Reiffel, City. 562
FOR SALE Fu-niture of 4 rooms 16
Bakerville. Phone 283. 188
FOR SALE Pure bred white anc
brown leghorn chicks, $12.50 per
100. Send t2 ner 100 with order.
will ship C. O. D. Foresters Hat-!
chery. Route No. 3, Phoenix, Aw.
277
FOR SALE Ranch 3 miles north of
Tombstone, 320 acres patented land ;
60 acres cultivated; milk dairy, milk
cowb, milk dairy stock cattle, work
horses, farm implements, 1000-foot
well drilling machine in good condi
tion. Address Jas. A. Lamb, Tomb
stone, Arizona. 33'.;
FOR SALE Portable house or ex
change for Ford car. Box 1347. 759
FOR SALE t'nc&lled for suit?. M.
Levin Tailoring Co.. Lowell. 904
RULED INDEX CARDS 5x3 inches,
for sale at Review Jo! Department.
315'
FOR SALE House in Warren 6 rooms
all convenient, large lot, one block
from car line. Sec me for great bar
gain. Box 695 Warren, Ariz. 477
PETEY DINK This Mustn't Get to the Burglars
j , rc ' : 1
K f BUMCtVRlES COIWO OU- GOSU. Wf 5AV. MABFLHETVJ - ., '
V. I'M 6lAt) HABa'5 FRitMD Mas AT?T "lOO GKT
JktD MERfoMlW0MEt?O06 I THA'T D06 OP MlS.
: i HElLiURE,coME 7 fr -i te Cil i inv. 7 S t S
DAILY REVIEW WANT ADS
Advertisement under this head at the rate of 1 cent per word each issue, with a minimum charre of 2j cents
Advertisements must reach The Review office not later than 8 p. ni. for insertion in next morning s paper.
For Sale
FOR SALE Bargain, best cafe in the
Warren District, must sell, am leav
ing city. Address Box 1429 Bisbee,
Arizona. 513.
FOR SALE Small transient house, 21
O. K. Street, next to Bisbee Improve
' merit Co. 452
Fern SAifci Old papers 25 cents per
uunjle. Keview otlice.
FOR SALE Fresh milk cow.
Arizona Grocery.
Inuuire
41a
FOR1 SALE Modern home, 4 rooms
and bath, Warren, terms. C. H. M ,
Review. 267
IF YOU WANT A HOME I will sell
you the lot and build you a house.
Terms to suit purcnaser. W'm. Mc
Dougal, contractor and builder
Tombstone Canyon opp. Linco.n
School. Phone Green 728. 479
FOR SALE 6 room house, Cochise,
all improvements suitable for 2 fani
ll'es, $500 can handle this, balance
like rent. Apply McDougall, con
tractor, opposite Lincoln School,
Tombstone Canyon. Phone Green
728 672
Wanted
WANTED Double headed hardwood
barsels in good condition. We will
pay $1.50 each delivered at our mar
kets in Bisbee or Lowell or at our
slaughter house. E. A. Tovrea & Co.
WANTED Private family of 3 will
board, room and care for girl be
tween age of 7 and 16 years. Re
ferences; terms reasonable. Call
Biack 46S. 575
WANTED To rent by couple with
out children 4 room house or apart
ment in Warren; furnished 'or un
furnished. Address Box 775, War
ren, Ariz. 596
WANTED Bright intelligent boys be
tween the ages of 12 and 16 to make
applications for Review routes.
256
WANT To rent three or four room
unfurnished or partly furnished
house up the Canyon by April 10th.
Call 112. 55S
WANTED Place to care for Ameri
. can boy, 3 V4 old, prefer place witn
othei children near his age. B. B.
Review. 554
WANTED To rent furnished or
unfurnished house or apartment,
goob location, no hills. See Mr.
Little, Citizens' Bank.
WANTED To rent good small room
ing house furnished- or would take
charge of rooming house on salary
or commission. Can give reference.
Bo 1S47, Bisbee, Ariz. . 552
WANTED House, furnished or partly
furnihhed, three or more rooms Low
ell, upper Lowell, or Johnson Addi
tion preferred. Answer postoffice
Box 2120, Bisbee, Ariz. 490
Salesmen
SALESMAN For general mercantile
trade in Arizona to sell a NEW pro
position of MERIT. Vacancy now.
Attractive commission contract. 35
weekly for expenses. Miles F. Bix
ler Co., Wholesale Jewelers, 714 Car
lin Eldg., Cleveland, O. 670
WANTED Salesmen. We pay J200
monthly salary. We offer the most
remarkable opportunity ever pre
sented to clean-cut, reliable produc
ers: we want men in every city and
town in Arizona. Salary or liberal
commission. Apply to National
B.:nd & Securities Co., 7 Main street
orrcoite postoffice. 581
Money to Loan
$50,000 TO LOAN an improved city
property or for building, on easy
terms of payment. T. A. Hughes,
over Bank of Bisbee. 2S6
CMlf T n . . ..1. 1 iin mi n .'niip nara.mat !
noto to salaried men and women, al
so on furniture. Cox Loan Co. Room
2, Lyric Theatre building. 166
Professional Cards
FEET TREATING, manicuring, sham
pooing, scalp treatment, hair made
and sold. Ring 492. 446
LOST
LOST Gold fountain pen with chain
initial M. return to Reyiew office
5 reward. 451
XshJzS J Loud uvjcie: ) VJA MV
- " i , IU . I 1 .'-r
For Rent
FOR KENT Rooms furnished or un
furnished, no children. The Mascot
upper Brewery Gale, h 41;
FOR RENT Two rooms famished for
housekeeping, no children. 28 Men
tana St., Johnson Addition. 431
FOR RENT Two furnished rooms for
light housekeeping, number 3,
Curve St., opposite Convent St. 563
FOR RENT Furnished housekeeping
rooms; good place for bachelors. 56
Upper Lowell. 577
FOR RENT Two furnished house
I keeping rooms. First house on
Mam road, below Lowell mine.
567
FOK KENT Two furnished room.
All improvements, opposite Lincoln
school. McDougall. phone Green
28.
560
FOK RENT Two nice clean .house
keeping rooms over Los Angeles
grocery Los Angeles Grocery. No
Children. 551
FOR RENT 3 completely furnished
housekeeping rooms, close in. I hone
Black 79S. ,416
- I
FOIi RENT Two rooms for
housekeeping, 42 Jiggerville.
light
550
FOR RENT Two room and thiee'
room furnished house, 207 Highroad. '
407
FOR RENT Cabin furnished for
batching, Holbrook stop, 176 Nao
Roid 541
FOR KENT Two story building, with
larite basement, suitable for whole
sale house or storage and warehouse
business. In center of Bisbee bui
nesa district. Rent reasonable. Ap
ply Bisbee Dally Review. 542;
FOR RENT 5 room furnished houso
in Warren. Phone Black 316. 539
FOR RENT Housekeeping rooms,
ligLt and water, 41B O. K. Street.
53S
FOR RENT 2 housekeeping rooms, :
no children, 67 Jiggerville. 535
FOR RENT Two housekeeping rooms
49 O. K. St. 534
FOR RENT 2 unfurnished rooms, 221
Brophy Ave. . 545
TYPEWRITER PAPER, good bond,
paper, 81-2x11, at 11.00 'or 50u
sbeets. Review Job Dept.
FOR RENT Two nice rocms well
furnished for light housekeeping, no
cats or dogs, 80 Moon avenue. Ph.
645, J. W. Glover. 296
FOR RENT Room suitable for photo
graph gallery pr tailor shop. Phone
10. I 884
FOR RENT Two furnished rooms
with oij stove, also water and light.
Mr. Hamrick, Winwood Addition.
FOR RENT Two room house, fur
nished. W. R. Johnson, Warren.
FOI RENT 2 furnished rooms for
housekeeping. 102 lliggins Hill.
573
FOR RENT Five room unfurnished
house and pantry, and wash house.
20 dollars a month. Apply James
Gilbert, 50 Laundry Hill. 60 J
FOR RENT 6 room furnished house
Cochise Row. Apply 85 Main. Cot
tage house. 597
FOR KENT 3 one-room apartments,
98C O. K. St., Phone Red 530. 51:8
FOR RENT After April 12, 4 room
cement house, partly furnished, next
to fire house. McRae, Tombstone
Canyon. 601
FOR RENT or For sale 2 Room
house. E. II. Rolfs, Wood Canyon.
580
FOR LENT Garage at Laundry
Stop. Phone 465.
Car
5S2
FOK SALE Five room house. Iick
ling avenue, gray house above, Mrs.
Philbrook, Tombstone Canyon. . 599
Miscellaneous
OLD CLOTHES BOUGHT. Phone 739.
SEE MISTRESS DUFF McBRIDE at
Nov,' Art Store for fancy dress mak
ing, all work guaranteed. Phone 545
779
RULED INDEX CARDS-5x3 in. he.-,
for sale at Review Job Dnpartmei't.
3t3
Furnished Rooms
FOR KENT 2 furnished rooms for
light housekeeping, 163 Opera Drive.
3;:
FOR RENT Furnished room for one
of two gentlemen. 12 Johnson fiats.
a;-u-ss from post ollice. Lowell. 6'2
FOit KENT 3 furnished rooms, Jones
Iim, Dan Garrity. vj
FOR KENT Two furnished rooms
wim water and light. Apply Mrs.
J. D. McBryde, 105 School Hill. 537
FOR RENT Nicely furnished rooms,
ten and twelve dollars per month,
2J5 Opera Orive. 553
FOR M..NT One large room for one
or two gentlemen close to the Low
ell mine and machine shop, 51 Jig
gerville. 511
FOR RENT Two furnished rooms
with water for man and wife, $21.00.
J. E. Cain, Metz stop. 261
FOR RENT Four rooms furnished
tnoroughly modern, also three rooms
20S Tombstone Canyon. 236
RULED INDEX CaRDS 5x3 inches,
for snle at Review Job Department.
MOOiSE HOTEL Furnished
$2.00 per week and up.
rooms
377
Montana Ranch Lands
i MONTANA RANCH 12.557.80 acres.
South Miles City, $8 acre. Sell part.
(,'atlle, horses, market prices. Farm,
160 acres. Wheatland County, $10.
OciO. Write owner. Box 644. Miles
City. Mont., for particulars. 56!l
SHAKE INTO YOUR SHOES
AiIcd routEiK, tin antiarptic ponder to be
shaken iuio ibe tboe nd jnnkled in the foot
bath,. It relieve painful, cwollrn, amartirx fret
nil takes the stioR ont of corns and bi n.
Aotliiog gires sucb qui. k and permanent rtlief for
aweaiiiig, callous, lirod, aciiinj; feet as Allen-
root-J-je, the standard remedy for 83 jtoars.
Hold by Druggists everywhere, Hie Alwdyj nse
it lo Hreak in new shoes. Trial parka e f itEK.
Address, Allen & diluted, Le liuy,H. Y.
Legal Notices
NOTICE
TO PAVING CONTRACTORS
1'uti.uant to the request and direc
tion of the Common Council of the
jCity ot Bisbee, Cochise County, Ari
zona, mat advertisement ue made lor
bids for the paving and improvement
of tl.bi portion of Naco Road, as shown
by I he plan and specifications, prepar
ed by J. S. McNeish, City Engineer,
and on file in the oilice of the City
Clerk of the City of Bisbee, Arizona,
I hereby request bids for suth im
provement. Said bids shall be scaled, and will
be received at the oflice of the City
Clerk, up to 7:00 o'clock, P. M., on the
ISth day of April. 191S.
Each bid shall be accompanied by
check payable to the order of the
Mayor of the City of Bisbee, for an
amount of not less than ten 10) per
ce itum of the agpregatc proposal.
The successful bidder to be required
to enter into a contract, to be approv
ed by the Mayor. and the Common
Council, to make said improvement,
according to said plans and specifica
tions, at the prices specified in his
said bin, also a bond for proper main
tenance and holding the City of Bis
bee harmless against any loss or dam
age, either by virtue of said improve
ment, notwithstanding propor travel
janoVusjiRe or accident or less from in
i jury to any person employed in tho
construction thereof.
The Mayor and the Common Coun
cil reserves the right to reject any or
all bids.
C. A. BAILEY,
Superintendent of Streets.
Adv. 5S4.
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR U.
S. PATENT
Mineral Survey No. 33S8.
U. S Ind Office, Phoenix, Ariz.,
March 5. 1918.
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that
the Bisbee-Warren Copper Company,
a corporation organize'! and existing
ur.der the laws of the state of Arizona,
wit! its principal office at the city of
llie bee. by its president and secretary,
th'.iiunto duly authorized by resolu
tion of its Board of Directors, has
iiu.de application for a patent for tho
Wiltlflower lode minim? claim, situat
ed in Warren Mining District. Cochise
County, State ot Arizona, in Section IS
Township 2?., South. Rano 2:. East,
G. S. It. II. & M., which claim is de
scrilied as' follows, to-wit:
Beginnim; t Cor. No. 1. the V. Vi
Cor. of Sec. IS. T. 2:: S.. R. E.. (J. Ai
S. U. II. & M., bra. X. 1:V W. K;r.l
ft thence S. So" 55' E. 413.5 feet to
SAUE SON1E Of1
M16HT HeAV NOU-
voi. No. 2, tneuce N. 2" 24' E. lu2.J
itul to Cor. o, luiuce o. 16' i'J' i..
loi i'.l' led lo Cor. -No. 4, Ike N. L. Cor.,
..uc ice c. 2' i-i' U. oou tett lo Cor.
.o. o, lue t. L. Cor., tuence N. io" i'J'
. iuo.K icei lo cor. .no. t, tne . .
vol., lUeuce iS. 2' 24' h.. Si&.S leet lo
oi. No. 1, ine place ot llie uegiuiiiug,
ooi'iaiiunt; net urea ot li.boJ acres.
l no location liullco ol luis claim is
recoiueu iu lue cuuuty itecoruer a ci
uw, e ocuine county, elate ol Aruoua,
us lonuvtit: looil Ol liecoru oi Mineb,
al pac 441.
luu names of the adjoining claims
jit; .Nuiin i.ur. .u. in, Delia loue,
our. .No. ZuoZ, Ool.ioii fc.ru, -no. 1 loue. I
BU .NO. illti, CUlle .14 lOUe, I
.-ini'i lc.ui loue, uusurnycu, o"svneu iy !
ju.iu ruzpuilictt. Suuiu, Auvil loUe, i
ausui Ve eu, ovtiie.l uy junn t lupai
. .e.. titsi, uoicouua loue, bur. ino.
J. L. liiAiN, Register,
i-list Puulicalioa .vi.irea , lsio.
ul l'mauaiiou ,uay li, IU15.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the Interior.
U. S. Land uuice at I'nueinx, iriz.,
.Muicu 24, IjiS.
NOTICE is hereby given mat John
il. iilouz, ot iiei eiuru, Arizona, who, ,
on April it, ijl-i, maae lluiuesteau
entry, iu. u.-ii, lor Sia., bocnou
in, lowusnip b, iaiibe Zi-E, U. ec
S. it. li. .Wer.diciu, has Hied notice ot
imciuion to make luree-year froot, to
esiauusn ciium to lie laud aoove ue-1
scriuuu, DLiore jareu u. layior, cuiieu
st:itcH roiniiiisHimit'r. at Liisoee. An-
jzoua, on tne urst uay of .May, 1J1S.
Claimant names as witnesses: Uil-j
bcrt J. 1'erry, William A. Lyth, Col-
! 'I Vi..!t? ..il '! rt lt.n.rirH (
Arizona; Ira K. Loumis, of Lewis
bpriugs, Arizona. i
JOHN L. IRVIN.
Register,
First publication, March 30, l-jis.
Last pu Plication, May 1, lsijL
NOTICE OF THE APPLICATION OF
THt BISB EE-WAR REN COPPES
COMPANY FOR A UNITED STATES;
PATENT j
Mineral Survey No. oJsiO j
Li. S. Land entice, l iiociiix, March 4, ;
1&18. !
Ncuce U hereby given that tho Bis-;
ote-Warren copper Company, a cor- j
poalion organized and existing under
the laws ot the biato of Arizona, with i
lid principal oilice at the city of Bis- i -oe
:. by us presideul and secretary,
thereunto duly authorized by resolu-I
jtiou of its board of directors, has made J
lai pncation tor patent tor tne ioiiow- , month at Odd Fellows HalL Visiting
I nig named lode u.in.r.g claims, bearing sisters are cordially invited,
j copper, goid ana silver, situated in the ; MINNIE BLUM, M. E. C.
Warren Mining District of Cochise . Phone Black $51.
County, State of ruona, approxi- i jp GLAZE, M. of R, C. . -,'."
mately in Section Is, Township' 23; , , .0r yMX jj-j
'South, Range 2j E., aud Section 13, j
Township 23 South. Range 21 East j WARREN MINING DISTRICT
( Unapprove,i) i described as follo'.vs: : CHAPTER AMERICAN RED CROSS
v w A7 ilc:iluln8 at -or No Executive committee meets second
1. the N. U. Cor., wnence the W. U ' , .,.,u ,,. ., , ... , .
I Cor. of Sec. IS. T. 23 S, li. 24 E.. G. and fourth W ednesdays of each mooth
,S. K. IS. M.. bis. N. 81' 55' W. 157.9 ,at ' ' M members urged to
I feet, thence S. SS 55' E. 1491.20 feet mcet and coufer witn committee after
to cor. No. 2, the N. E. Cor, thence ; eactt regular meeting.
Is. 2 21' W. 600 feet to Cor. No. 3, the :-
S. K. Cor., thence N. 88 55' W. 14J4.20 ' i0.jyl leet to Cor. No. 4, the N. W. Cor.,
feci to Cor. No. 4, the S. W. Cor., ' thence N. 66" 17' E. 668.20 feet to Cor.
; thence N. 2" 24 ' E. 600 feet to Cor. No. .o. 1. the place of the beginning, con
1, tne place of the beginning, contain-! taimng a net area of 20.660 acres."
jing a net area of 20.576 acres." j 4vaaCY HANKS "Beginning at
! iiOLD OVER "Beginning at' Cor. cor No. 1, the N. E. Cor., whence the
No. 1, the N. W. Cor, w hence the W. 4 I - 14 Cor. of Sec. IS. T. 23 S., R. 25 E.,
1 Co:, of Section 18, T. 23 S., R. 25 E., ! q. Ac S. R B. & M. brs. N. 57 26' E.
G. Ac S. R. B. & M. brs. N. 11 55' W. t 541 .4 feet, thence S. 2 24' W. 1500
63V1 feet, thence S. 88' 55' E. 1194.20 ; fei;t to Cor. Nit.. 2, the S. E. Cor.,
feet to Cor. No. 2, the N. E. Cor.,: thence s 6t;. 1?, w 66S 2tf feet t0 Cor
j them e S. 2 24' W. 6u0 feet to Cor. So. S, the S. W. Cor., thence N. 2' 24
' . '.. l' l - ,u X ' I 1' o - -
i . o, iii't o. r.. vol., iiiiuci! 03 ao e ii(hj rcet t0 v-or j,0 4 the N. W.
1 W. 1494.20 feet to Cor. No. 4, the S. W. i (,.., thence N. 66" 17' E. 668.20 feet
Cor., thence N. 2 2' E. 600 feet to to Cor. No. 1. the place of the brgin-
Co.. No. 1, the place of the beginning 1 ning, containing a net area of 19.a50
.containing a net area of 20.576 acres." i acres, expressly excluding area in con
' HOUSE SHOE "Beginning at Cor. j flic' with Survey No. 2454, William B.
N; 1, the S. W. Cor., whence the Cor. ; 0. ro i0,je cf n.152 acres, and with
for the S. W. Cor. of Sec. 18 aud the ; Survev No. 3137 Jacs Pot No. 2 lode
X. W. Cor. of Sec. 19 T. 23 S., R. E., 1 0f o.9.iS acres."
Li. ic S. R. B. & M. brs.. S. S 25' W. ' The locat.on notices cf these claims
boJ.2 feet, thence N". 2" 24' E., 600 feet, are recorded in the County Recorder's
'to Cor. No. 2, the N. W. Cor., thenca Office. Cochise County, as follows:
S &SJ o5' E. 1494.20 feet to Cor. No. 3. j Uolconda Boot 57. Record of Mines
1 the N. E. Cor., thence S. 2" 24' W. pa?e 105.
49J .50 feet to Cor. No. 4, the S. E. Cor... liold Over Book CS, Record of
thence S. 87 03' W. 1500.30 feet to Mines, iape 463.
jCci. No. 1. the place of the beginning.!" lior'se Shoo Book 30, Record of
containing a net trca of 18.767 acres." j M;r,es, Page 330.
' , A 'IX "'Sinning at Cor. Xo. 1, ' pex Book 57, Record ot Mines.
I the S. W. Cor., whence the Cor. for the iagg.
! S W. Cor., of Sec. 18 and the X. W. 'sunshine Book 30. Record of Mines
Cor. of Sec. 19, T. 23 S., R 25 E., G. & ; iac 333.
S. R. B. 4: M brs S. 19 29' E. 870.9 Nancy" Hanks Book 30, Record of
; feet, thence N. 12 27' E. 327.40 feet , Mines, Page 331.
:t. ffj- 2 the X. W Cor thence i" The' names of ' the adjoining claims
S. 87 IS' E. I5i8.C; feet to Cor. No.
:3. t!.t N. E. Cor., thence S. 12" 27' W.
i 400.70 feet to Cor. No. 4, the S. E. Cor.,
j thence X. SI' 32' W. 1197.90 feet to
I C'tr. No. 1. the place of the beginning,
1 containing a net area cf 5.279 acres
! expressly excluding area in conflict Soulht Copper Era lode, unsurveyed.
iwith Horse Shoe lode of this survey 1 0XVI,e( bv John Fitzpatrick. Survev
I of fi.36 1 acres and with Sunshine lode j Xo. 2454 Vic Rov and William B.
of this survey of 0.781 acres." I.Meore lodes. West Survey No. 3127.
! i l.NSHINE--"Beginnins at Cor. No.jJark Pot No o lo,,e Ty No 33S9
;1. tl.' N. L. Cor., whence the W. V, ica lonate I..de.
iCor of Sr-c. IS T. 23 S.. R. 23 E.. G. &
S. K. It. & M. brs. N. 81 55' W. 157.9 .
f.-el. thenre S. 2 21' U lf.O.t feet to
('ot. No. 2. th" S. E Cor., thence S.
ti 17' W. 6G8.2'I feet to Cor. No. 3,
the S W ( or. thence X. 2 24' K.
3f
I i -. ..; v
mm
t I IDEE MoT j ''''AY
x
LODGE NOTICES
Cards of every fraternal order in the Warren District; giving the essential
facts of each, their meeting nights, th-jir officers and the place of gather
ing will be found under their respective headings in these columns.
BISBEE LODGE, NO. 713.
Meets every Fnua night, Moose Hall
Visiting brothers cordially invited.
V. R. TONKIN, Dictator.
KAY ROSS. Secretary.
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA.
DREADN AUGHT.
U O. L. NO. 210.
meets iu L O.
O. F. Kail first
and third
MONDAY at
7:30 p. m.
Visiting broth
ers cordially
Invited to at
tend. M.
!Win. T. SMITHAN, W
ROBERT FERGUS, Secretary
P. O. Box 426, Bisbee.
BROTHERHOOD OF AMERICAN
YEOMAN
Richard I, Homestead 895, meets
second and fourth Tuesday at Odd
Fellows' hall. Visiting Archer are
cordially invited.
MRS. C. C. FINLAYSON. Foreman
P. O. Box 1526.
E. D. STINSON, Correspondent.
Box 149S.
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD.
Lowell Camp No. 46 will
meet every Wednesday
at 7:30, Bropny Nail.
H. C LANDAU. C. C.
O. B. THOMAS, Clerk.
All Woodmen invited.
PYTHIAN SISTERS
Olv Temnle No. 3 meet! fverr 2nd
and 4th Thursday evening of each
North Survey No. 33S9. Carbon-
ato. Copper Wedge and Sulphide lodes,
Sutvey No. 2125, Delta lode. East,
Survey No. 33S8. Wiidflower lode. An
vil Foriy? and Copper Era lodes, unsur-
vejert. owned by John Fitzpatrick.
t h (rti.--.-il Mirvev nf sairl mini
ning
cl;l,m Doir,, Mineral Survey Xo. 33i
j Xnvls. Kegister.
390.
First Publication March 8, 1918.
La -i Publication May 17, 1918.
That
WWCWTX V40USAWO J
4H
MT4
V
W i
I! s
'i
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED AMERI
CAN MECHANICS.
Meets in Medlgoiic
Hall every Tuesday
night. Visiting brothers
welcome.
S. F. BENTON, Councillor.
J. I BENTON, Recording Secretary.
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS.
Rathbone Lodge No. 10,
Knights of Pythias,
meets each Thursday
(except second) in Odd
Fellows' Hall at 7:30
p. m. Visiting brothers
cordially invited.
LEON H. RICE, C C.
EARL SOBLEY. K. of R. S.
FRATERNAL ORDER OF EAGLES.
Bisbee Aerie, No., 175, F. O. E meets
first and third MONDAYS, 8 p. el,
Eagle HalL Visitors cordially wel
come. J. F. W1LMOTH, President.
F. C. FENDERSON, Secretary.
C. L. EDMONDSON. Aerie Physician.
-LODGE NO. 671.
Regular meeting first and third Fri
day of each month. Visiting brothers
cordially invited to attend.
R. E. WARNER, Exalted Ruler.
J. A. KELLY, Secretary.
KNIGHTS AND LADIES OF SECURI
TY, BISBEE COUNCIL NO. 2115.
Meets every second and fourth Sat
urdays in the month at L O. O. F.
Hall. 730 p. iu. Visiting members are
cordially invited.
ARNOLD SCHMID, President,
P. O. Box 34S3, Lowell. Am.
FREDERICK J. ATT A WAY.
Secretary, Lowell.
E. LINDQUIST. Financial Secretary,
P. O. Box 3246, LowelL
BIS3EE LODGE, NO. 10. I. O. O. F.
meets every
WEDNESDAY
evening at Odd
Fellows HalL
Main street, at 7:30 o'clock. Visitir
brothers cordially invited to attend.
Hall phone 119.
H. R. TAYLOR, N. G.
CARL V. NELSON, Secretary.
ORDER OF EASTERN STAR.
- meets in Masonic Hal'
Pearl Chapter, No. . meets
in Masonic Hall second and
fourth Tuesday ot eac
month at 7:30 p. m.
MRS. EMMA WOODS, W. M.
Phone 161, Box 43, Bisbee.
MRS. JESSIE BEVAN. Sec'y. P. O.
Box 2299, Chairman Relief Com..
Phone 161.
WEEK ENDING APRIL 13. 191S.
Moncsy 2nd Degree.
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday Chapter.
Fridav 1st degree.
Saturday
A W. GIDLEY. W. M.
3. T. W ATKINS, Secy. F. t A. M.
I. W. TO LAND. E. H. P.
a F. PHILBROOK, T. L M.
F. E. BENNETT. E. C.
F. S. DAVENPORT. Secretary Chan
ter and Commandery.
W. R. BANKS, Secretary CounciL
slC3i: T. F. B.
Sb- " -VX FRATERNAL
4 V tt-ZZZ. FT'S BROTHERHOOD
rWffcmfW r Bisbee Lodge No.
? tti' Wll B 452 meets the 1st
rVijiSis S nd 3rd Mondays
rv3?T7i jf of each month at
j 7:30 at Medigo-
Tit
vich Halt
Visit-
ing members cordially invited.
B. F. MOSS, President
MRS. C. E. FIXOTTL Treasurer.
Box 722. Tel. 236, Red.
HONORA MUNCH. Secretary,
Box 1621.
MODERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA.
Bisbee Camp Xo. 13415.
Meets first Tuesday at
Odd Fellows' Hall.
R. L. MOTZ. Consul.
H. F. MATHEWSOX,
Clerk.
B C A. VOIGHT
'
t m s EIGHT
THE BiSEEE DAILY REVIEW. SUNDAY MORNING, APRIL 7, 1918.
Britons and Irish Join In
Yankee Anniversary With
Messages of Felicitation
Inspiration and Confidence A rising From United States En
trance Into War and From Her Wholehearted Action
to Assist Allies, Express ed By Well Known Statesmen
of Island Empire.
(Pv Review l.ensed Wire)
BELFAST. Ireland. April 6. In
spiration and confidence arising from
America's entrance into the world war
ami from the effort to exert her whole
power in the entente cause were ex
prssed by noted Britons and Irishmen
today in a series of messages to the
people of the United States on the
first anniversary of American partici
pation. -
"It has Inspired us." writes Sir Ig
natius O'Brien, lord chancellor of Ire
land. "It is the salvation of human
ity." says Viscount Mersey, formerly
b-ad ot the commission which inj
vestipated the destruction of the I.usi
tania. "We understand one another,"
declares Sir Arthur Conan Doyle.
These messages, gathered by the
Belfast Telegraph, were pive nto the
Associated Press. They represent
many shades of political and religious
belief. Excerpts from the most not
able o ftfcem follow:
Sir Ignatius O'Hrien, lord chancel
lor of Ireland "Th splendid way in
which the people of the United States
have thrown themselves wholehearted
ly into the prosecution St the war on
behalf of right and freedom has in
spired us all with the hope that the
world may soon, in the words of their
great president, be made safe for dem
ocracy." Walter Hume I-ond, British secre
tary of state for the colonies "I hope
that the United efforts of th- great
Anglo-Saxon races and their allies m
soon put an end to the curse of mili
tarism." The Most Iteverened Dr. John B.
Crozier. primal-? of all Ireland "May
God bless our kinsfolk across tho
seas who are now cementing the Ions
continued friendship of Ameriia and
Great Britain."
Lord Tennveon, a son of the famous
noet, sent this extract from one of his
fother's poems: '
Gigantic dautghter of the West.
We drink to thee across the flood.
We know thee most, we love the best.
For art not thou of British blood?
Hands all 'round! .
God tie tyrant's cause confound.
To our great kinsmeri of the west, my
friend.
And the great cause of freedom
Hound and roundA
Sir Arthur Conan Doyle :"AmerI
cn and we understand one another.
There is no more to say. Just one
hand-grip nd to work!"
George II. Roberta. British minister
of labor "Patriotic labor here reiolces
that its instinct finds such splendid
response In the heart of American
labor . We go forward unitedly to the
achievement of a peace based upon
universal justice."
John Hodse. British pensions min
ister "We lcok to the coming year
for such a manifestation of America's
power as will heln forward the allied
aim in making the world 'saf? for
democracy,"
The Right Reverend' Jr. Ingram,
bishon of London "The entrance of
America into the war was the great
est event in th- history of the Anelo
Saxon race and will. I hope, pssure
victory for our righteous cause."
Father Bernard Vaughan "We con
gratulate with all our hearts the
champions of the rights of mankind,'
the American people."
Viscount Mersey "I regard the ad
vent of America as the salvation of
humanity."
Fir William frooks "I have been
chepred by notlrlng the whole-hearted
manner In which America is taking
her place in the fight for right and
liberty."
Marie Corelli, novelist "Old dis
sensions are dead old prejudices have
ceased to exist and not only 'hands
across the sea' have met to defend
the mother country but hearts too,
are united in a bulwark of safety for
the world."
Max Pemberton "The war aims of
America are justice. - truth and the
survival of civilization She is pur
suing them in a manner worthy of
her people and her history."
Sir Edward H. Seymour, admiral of
the fleet "N'othing can be more en
souraging for the future peace and
happiness of all countries, than the
present alliance of the two great Anglo-Saxon
nations."
Admiral Sir CyprTan Bridge "Pres
ident Wilson's affirmation that the
fight is 'Tor the ultimate peace of the
world, for the liberation of its peo
ples. Is now the war cry of the Ameri
can nation Those who know and ad
mire It are confident that that ration
will not stop until its Ispiring ob
ject Is attained..
The Duke of Montrose "Ships of
a new type, but manned by the old
Mayflower SDirit, bring the sons of
New England back to fight sid? by
side with old England In a common
cause." ' '
Baron Desborough "With the rest
of our fellow countrymen I rejoice
to think that the two great portions
of th- English-speaking people have,
after many years, rejoined to fight in
the common couse of justice and lib
erty." I-ord Mayor of "Liverpool "Liver
pool continues to rejoice in the great
part the United States is taking In
the great war for liberty, justice and
civilization."
J. P. Mahaffy Provost of Trinity
college, Dublin. "We hailed this mag
nificent exposition of America's poiicv
and world aims (President Wilson's
"Jtn the de?oest emotion sn dare con
fident that the unavoidable delays in
their realization are signs of that care
an ddeliberation which are character
istic of every ereat undertaking."
lit. Rev. J. Irwin, D- D. Moderator
of the Irish Presbyterian general as
sembly "We are amazed at the com
pleteness and magnitude of our sacri
fice Nothing finer? more chivalrous,
more Christian has ever been done by
any nation."
LOCAL DRAFT BOARD
ORDERED TO GIVE
AIDTO SOLDIERS
Directed to Protect Interests
Soldiers Unable to Pay In
debtedness and Have
Courts Act in Their Behalf.
ant. at '.lie cuiiip.) T!ie government,
on lenaiii c.-imlii ions, v.j'i tiisranteti
'he onif-nt of Hie premium, so that
the policy or membership will not he
forfait) d duiiim the soldier's or sail
or's absence: he will then have a yearj
after his return in which to pay up
and save his policy or membership.
This r'Alet does not apply to all pol
icies and memberships, and Uthils
cannot be given here, but on filling
out the application and sending ii to
t'ie war risk insurance bureau it will
be duly taken care of, if it is tho
kind of Insurance that I protected by
this act
FREE
Grc-f n Turtle at the English Kitchen
today. Turtle soup, potted turtle will
be served free with our Sunday din
ner today. Adv. 574
Copies of the recent soldiers' and
sailors, act passed by congress, which
aims to protect the men in the serv
ice from undue hardships by reason
nf their inability to defend or bring
lawsuits, have been received by the
local exemption board Special atten
tion of the board is called to the fact
that soldiers and sailors are exempt
from certain indebtedness for the dur
ation of the war
Copies of this act are being sent to
about 200.0WI lawyers, to all superior
courts an dto all local boards. The
boards have been asked to hand a
copy of the act to the nearest magis
trate Thus, it Is stated, the courts
ought to be already well Informed
as to the provisions of the new act.
Following Is the order:
"A soldier or sailor may owe money
on a note Or he may have bought or
leased land or tools or furniture on
which an installment is yet due. Or
he may have mortgaged his home and
be liable to foreclosure for non-payment.
Or he may have started a
homestead or mining claim and he un
able to continue the necessary occu
pation 'In the required period of time.
Or he may have carried life insur
ance for several years and now be
unable to keep up the premium pay
ments. Or he may have a money
claim against some one and during
his absence the lapse of time may
raise a legal bar against suing for
It when he returns. Or he may be
sued on some claim in his absence
and may be unable to defend the suit
effectively while absent.
"In these and other ways he may
puffer undue hardship. The object of
his act is to give relief from such
hardship.
"The provisions of the act are too
numerous to be set forth accurately
here. Enough to point out that its
main principle Is as follows:
"(1) Let some one on behalf of the
soldier or sailor, notify the court that
the party concerned is a soldier or
sailor. Then the court will make
I prompt inquiries into the merits of
I the case; if the case merits it, the
! court has power to stay the other
j party from further proceedings or to
I eive other remedy that may be ap
' prcpriate The court may also aopoint
! an attorney to represent the soldier
! or sailor in the lawsuit.
I "(2) If a lawsuit has been begun al
i ready In some court against the sol
1 dier or sailor, go to that same court
and give the notice abov mentioned,
i If some landlord or other person is
! preparing to sell out or to take bos
i session of property in vhieh soldier
'or snilor is Interested eo to the court
' in whose jurisdiction the property is.
j notify the court as above and ask the
i court to summon the other partr. All
' such persons are forbidden by law to
take property In that way without
! first apnlyine to court for an ord?r;
j but some persons may attempt to
j take possession without doing so, in
'. ignorance of the new law.
i - Law Affects Insurance
(3) If the soldier or sailor had an
HDDCAN
EADERS
L
COME FROM SOIL
NOTICE.
Tha Knights of Columbus smoker
scheduled for Sunday evening has
been postponed on account of the
death of Mrs. Robt. Elliott, wife of
Brother Elliott. Adv. 573
JUAREZ. April 6. Revolutionary
war in Mexico has been conducte.l
largely by civilians during recent
years. Since the downfall of the Huer
"ta government, few trained military
men have participated in the revolu
tionary movements or have held com
missions in the federal army.
General Carranza, president of the
Republic, was a planter in Coahuila
before the Madero revolution began
and he was made provisional governor
of that state. While he holds the rank
of general. President Carranza's mili
tary experience Is limited to reviews
and observations of battles from bv
hind the lines. He prefers to wear
civilian clothes to uniforms.
The late president Francisco Made
ro was an overseer on his father's ha
ciendas in Coahuila before he -started
the revolution. He was a student and
preferred the accounting part of the i
work to active life in the field, as he I
never was strong physically. lie dis
liked the title of general and frequent
ly reproved correspondents attached
to his headquarters for calling him
General Madero.
Francisco Villa was never schooled
in the art of war except as he learned
it at first hand by dodging Diaz' rural- j
es as a bandit or in combating the fore
es of Diaz and Huerta as a revolution
ist. Villa was a vaquero (cowboy) on
the Chihuahua llanos and was a butch
er for a short time. He never wears
a uniform if he can avoid it.
General Francisco Muirguia, who
has defeated Villa more times than
any other Mexican commander, and
who is now commander of the states
of Chihuahua, Durango, Coahuila md
Zacatecas, was a commercial photos-1
rapher before he joined the Carrarzn
army. He worked at his trade in the
United States at one time and always
carries a number of expensive cameras
with him in the field, making his own j
pictures of the campaigns. j
General Alvero Obregon, former min !
ister of war, is a planter in the state of '
Sonora, having a large ranch at Nava-1
joa. where he raises large crops of
garbanzos. a kind of native pea, which j
sells in the Mexican, Cuban and Span-I
ish markets. He prefers the farm to j
the lield or cabinet office and retirei
to resume charga ot bis haciendas. ,
Generai Gabrial Gavira, the new com j
mander assigned to this district, was ;
a carpenter in Vera Cruz before he en-
tered the army. i
General Francisco Gonzales, com-!
mander at Parral. was a barber when ,
a young man and worked in Laredo,!
Ter.. at one time.
General Candido Aguilar, secretary!
of foreign relations, was a professor j
before he entered the army with his j
father in law. President Carranz?. i
General Manuel Dieguez, commando; I
of the eastern division of the army,
was a smelterman employed at Cana-
Insurance polky or a fraternal frne- nea. Sonora, before the outbreak of .h i
fit membership, before Sept. -. 1917, evolution.
and fears that he may not be able to General Pluarco Elias Calle. mili
keep up his payments he should write tary commander of Sonora. was a
: to the war risk insurance bureau at school teacher. e has established
! Washington and ask them for a form schools throughout the state since be-,
I or application (or ask his post adjut- coming governor-general.
GERMANY'S MONSTER GUN NOT IMPOSSIBLE, SAYS HUDSON MAXIM
Hudson Maxim, one of America's
highest authorities on ordnance,
holds that the report of shell fire di
rected on Paris from a distance of
seventy-five miles is not necessarily
a fabric of imagination, but that the
construction of a gun capable of that
feat is possible. He has made the
Accompanying Sketch to illustrate
the construction of the gun.
Total length of jfjn. 100 feet.
Calibre, 20 inches.
Powder chamber, 30 feet long.
Diameter of powder chamber, 7'
inches." . ..
' Diameter of projectiles, 9 inches.
Length of p-oj?ctile. 27 inches
NEW YORK. April 6. Speculation!
about the monster gun said to be used
by Jh Germans in their bombardment
of Parih from the St. Gobain forest,
seventy-five miles away, continues. At
the fame time a continually increas
ing number of inventors are laying
claim to the discovery of the principle
upon vhich it is thought to be operat
ed. George F. Russell of Hoboken has
given out a statement announcing him
self at its inventor. Like other inven
tors who have claimed the gun, he as
serts that he offered his invention to
the United States government and that
it was rejected. He adds that its prin
ciple was that of an aerial torpedo, and
that he communicated with Secretary
of the Navy Daniels.
He also communicated with Count
von lierr.Btorff, former German ambas
sador, and thinks bis secret was stolen
by the Germans.
Nexon Believes Report
Lewis Nixon, ship builder and au
thority on guns and explosives, was ! proximately 4.000 feet a second would I gaseous state throirgh the use and de
quotel recently as saying that the re- call for pressures, temperatures and j velopment of intense heat,
ports of the existence of the big gun Lore lengths far beyond anything bo j "The shell presents many difficui
were so persistent that it seemed im- far attempted while the walls of the ties in the matter of obtaining proper
possible to doubt it. bursting charge correspondingly re-' bursting. It is liable to become very
"Tho first impression an ordnance duced. j hot In its passage through the air at
expert would have," he said, "Is that "Doubtless a large mass of iron could terriric speed, yet the same ingenuity
the report of a gun firing a nine and be given an unheard of velocity by jthat could harness the power of liquid
one-sixteenth 'shell over seventy miles , some solenoidal contrivance, but there) gas could doubtless provide for the ex
is a mistake, but such delivery of shell are mtny difficulties in adaptation to : udatiwi of enough liquid gas to cool
has been so persistently reported that shell fire. And I can see in like man-j the mpss of the shell while a landing
we must assume that such shells are , ner no promise in a centrifugal projec- pressutj could be obtained to cause
being projected.
"We have worked up to power pres
aures .end sustained push on the shell
against the handicap of tremendous
tion from an artillerist standpoint. (bursting, or a layer of non-conducting
Suggests Use of Liquid Air material might protect the interior
"Is there, however, a propellant that from z hurtful rise in temperature,
can exert great pressures without in-1 "The gun can be developed unques-
! temperatures and engineering difficui-1 tense heat? Every one who read the i tionabiy. and if ranges of seventv
ties in gun fabrication. (papers a few years ago has heard ol nines are now actually mailing u
! "A thin walled gun might be carried j liquid olr. This will eventually re- would seem simpler to use a liquid gas
on a dirigible, but even at great height ' place powder as a propellant, and than t. r.owder."
!sueh a craft would be sighted. shells can be fired with it from rifled ; Hudson Maxim, one of America's
I "A projectile with rocket impulse af-1 guns. It is perfectly safe when not greatest authorities on ordnance, has
ter leavine a eun is possible, but I ! subject to pressure, and can be ladled ' declared that the reported German
like water. Its action could De con- monster gun is not ai an an impossi
bility rml has drawn a sketch to su;;
eesl how such a gun might be con
structed. I
Up - to - the - Moment Styles in . Women's
Ready-to-Wear for Spring
The latest styles in women's apparel in our present displays arc
the most favored for the spring and summer season. A coTjste.m
effort is in progress to give our patrons the best values for the least
money that we can possibly secure. In our stocks are all sizes zt
modest prices.
The Now Spring Coats .
$15.00 to $39.50
Charming is the word that beoi ccscribcj th
styles of the new spring coats. Thi:. z.$ier.
blage features many materials as well poplin?,
tweed mixtures, cut bolivia, wool elour.
French serges, black and white check vclour
and deihi. The colors are sand, Pekin hi-?,
navy, Copenhagen, apple green, rein deer ?.nd
black. Thimmed with cuffs and, collars of
if
harmonizing shades. Some
low prices are presented.
very interesting
f ;
Women's Dressy Suits That Are Popular
Priced Front $27.50 to $35.00
These stunning garments are at the present time playing the
leading role on the stage of fashion. Distributed wuhin the gather
ing are clusters of smart eton, pony, ripple back, plaited, sport and
tailored effects in coats, poiret twill, gaberdine, French serge, wool
poplin, Fisher Kennedy tweed, wool jersey and black and whit
checks comprise the materials.
Special Sale of Rich Lustrous Silks
" Sparkling with their lustre of richness of quality, in weaves chosen by fash
ion censors as most appropriate for the coming season these beautiful silks, in a
most attractive ranjie of effective colorings, "at these . reduced prict-s." will at
tract an unusually large crowd here tomorrow. Home sewers and dressmakers
will profit by making note of these savings which are most extraordinary.
4'
.r". 'JAM i
r.-v.: ,'... ,-- -
i
$2.50 PEE WEE TAFFETA SPECIAL $1.95 Yd.
40-inch pee wee taffeta that sells regularly at $2.50 a yard.
Positively the best wearing silk to be had. In all colors, special at
the yard $1.95
$4.00 Pussy Willow Taffeta At $2.95 Yard
40-inch pussy willow taffeta in navy, black, tan, ground
printed in the new tailored patterns; special at the yard ....$2.95
THE NEW RUFF-A-MJFF SILK $2.95 YARD
A regular $4.50 value, ruff-a-nuff silk, spring's newest fabric
for skirtj and suits, in plain colors and sport patterns ; special at
$2.95
e yarc
CREPE DE CHINE $1.45 Yd.
40-inch crepe de chine in almost every
shade imaginable, our regular $1.75 sel
ler; special at the yard $1.45
Messaline and Taffeta $1.95 Yard
An extra good quality of messaline and
taffeta in black only, a regular $2.50
grade. Every woman can use black silk
at this special price, $1.75 a yard.
5
Washable
Shirts
Maybe it is the way the entire
shirt is cut. or the new shape
of the pockets. Possibly the
girdle Is different and a later
style than those usually seen.
Hut no matter which of these
shirts a woman may fancy most,
she can be well assured that the
tailoring is all that it should be.
arid that the skirt itself is un
mistakably new and correct in
its style, peque. gaberdine. Bel
glum lenins and cotton cordu
roy, priced from J2.73 to $10..r0
Georgette Crepe $1.85 Yaard
$2.25 georgette crepe in ' a good assort
ment of colors, very special at yd. $1.85
Foulards and Taffetas at $1.39 Yd.
36-inch foulards and taffetas, all the
season's newest novelties in values up to
$2.00. On sale at the yard $1.39
Satin de Luxe at $1.95 Yard
40-inch satin de luxe in all shades;
special $1.95 yard
Oil Cook Stoves
Cook in a cool, comfortable kitchen
this summer An oil cook stove is com
paratively inexpensive to buy and-it will
soon pay for itself in comfort and lower
fuel expense. Meals in a jiffy, and a cool
kitchen in cummer. "
Basks, broils, roasts, toasts. Better
cooking because of the steady, evenly
distributed heat.
The lonr; blue chimneys prevent all
smoke and smell. We have the New
Perfection in I, 2. 3 and 4 burner sizes,
with and without ovens.
Leonard
Cleanable
Refrigerator
a Clean China Dish'
Help conserve the Na
tions Resources with
A LEONARD Clean
able Refrigerator.'. ..
have built three small three-inch aerial
torpedoes with good success, but the
raiiR-) was small.
"To obtain a muzzle velocity of ap-
trolled and pressures secured far be
yond that possible with any substance
which must pass from the solid to the
Ik
Take a Look at Our Show Windows If You Want to See What is New for Sprirg and
Summer.