TWO SECTIONS
Fourteen Page
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service
VOL 21, NO. 81.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 1918.
PRICE FIVE CJNTS.
Diririnriii
g"fr I
YAn!i ulbiul.
mm
PURSUE
111)
POLICy OF GIVING ENEMY
REST PERIOD TO RECUPERATE HIS
AFTER THESE SUCCESSIVE
FORCES
BLOWS
Stroke Takes Immediate Effect, Forcing JHuns Back From
One to Two Miles at Points Where It Is Vital That They
Hold Ground If They Hope to Retain Much of Northern ;
France During Coming Winter; Pershing's Great Coup.j
at St Mihiel Resulted in Capture of More Than 20,000
Prisoners and immense Stores of Guns and Munitions
INFLUENZA OUTBREAK IN
CAMP DEVENS; HAS ONE
THOUSAND VICTIMS
AVER, Mas?.. Sept. 14. One
thousand cases of influenza were
repcrted at Camp Devon s today by
the division surgeon. Lieut. Col.
McCornack. Dath has occurred in
only cne case, and In that pneu
monia complications were present.
PARIS, Sept. 14. The prisoners taken by the Americans in the St.
Mihiel operations number nearly 20.000. according to Mariel Hutin, editor
of the Echo De Paris, among them being 5.320 Austrians
Premier Clemenceau, who paid a brief visit to Marshal Foch Friday,
informed M. Hutin that, 20,000 inhabitants were still in St. Mihiel when the
Franco-American troops entered that tewn, and that the Germans had only
taken away seventy-six of the French, for the most part young persons, the
night before they evacuated. r
"I absolutely refuse to give you any other information but this things
will go very welL said the premier, j j
UNDATED WAR LEAD (By the Associated Press). Marshal Foch, pur-!
suing his policy of giving the German never a minute's rest, followed up !
the incisive stroke of the Americans which i wiped out the St. Mihiel Salient in
two days time, by launching an offensive Saturday morning on the French
front, along the bend in the line around Laon.
The blow took immediate effect on the German lines, pushing them back
from one to two miles at points in this important sector, where it is well
nigh vital for the Germans to hold fast if they hope to retain control of any
considerable part of northern France during the coming witer.
Meawhile the process of cleaning up the St. Mihiel salient was being
continued by General Pershing's troops, who so far are reported to have
effected the capture of more than 20.C00 Germans as the result o .fthe clean
cut drive of the American first army.
There were indications in the reports from the front that the American
successes might have done somewhat more than straighten out the line
about the former St. Mihiel bend, for the Germans were said to be retiring
near Chatillon along a front five or six miles to the northwest of the clean
westerly lip of the salient. They were forced to this in the readjustment of
their lines to meet the altered conditions.
With the lessening of the tension on' i -
the St. Mihiel front, interest is cen-'aisne the advance has taken the
tered at present In tile French assault ; French some distance further toward
tne cast, and
BRITISH
JUBILANT
OVER
YANK
VICTORY
The King, Lloyd George and
the Press Vie With One
Another in Praising Feat of
. Arms1
LONDON, Sept. 14. (By The Asso
ciated Press.) Premier Lloyd George
has sent the following message froi
Slant tester to General Pershing at
the American front:
"I desire to offer to you and your
brave armies heartiest congratulations
cn ycur great victory-'-
"The enemy has. made many mls
iakes in this war, but none 'greater
than when he underrated the valor,
and intrepid spirit of
on the Ailette-Aisne front. General east, ana uiey were early re-1 determination
Petain's troops here were gaining 1 ported to have reached Vailley on thej tue Lrdve soldiers of the great deinoc
ground were every yard was extreme-j north bank of the Aisne, pushing the racy cf the United States.- Now that
ly valuable, as the German positions Germans back from the river as they i he has testtd the mettle of the Ameri-
aavancea. : can armies, the enemy knows wnai
The British front has held intact Ms in store for him.
against a series of -German assaults in ln "BWS rame l " "'-v
along the Aisne and the Vesle to the
east have been under an increasing
threat for some time by the French
advance on their left flank. The ad
vance will not have to be pressed
much further before -a German retreat
on a wide front in this sector will be
compelled.
what aDDears to be a fit of desDer-;bed; It was better and infinitely more
ation over the inroads made in the de-1 palatable than any physic."
tenses of Cambrai by Field Marshal l
Kaig's forces in their recent progress, j
the British successfully- beat off sev-
LONDON. Sept. 14. (By-Th-i Asso-1
elated Press.) King1 George has sent!
Py driving in sharply in his present eral such attacks at Havrincourt a.d!a message of congratulation to Presl
move. Marshal Foch probably intends ' Gouzeacourt. holding their valuable i dent Wilson on the victory won by
to make untenable even the Chemin
Des Dames, the former German hold
ing ground north of the Aisne. He has
made marked progress already in this
by taking Mont De8 Singes, south of
thejAilette. It is but a short distance
thence to the Anizy-Pinon line, the
capture of which by Petain test fall
positions on the high ground in this
sector.
HAVE MANY PRISONERS
WITH THE AMERICAN ARMY ON
Genera! Per3hiug in the St. Mihiel sa
lient.
(Ity Review leased Wliej
LONDON, Sept. 14.-rChlef place
Is
THE LORRAINE FRONT. Sept. 14 S11 lnl8 morning s a
iy the Associated Press).-Aslde i nwBpapers to the Ame nca achle ve-)
frnm tliA vtvatnsrf value t tha r.
compelled the German crown prince ducti0n of the St. Mihiel salient, the
to fall back from the Chemin Des operations by the Americans has net
Dames to the Ailette line to the north. ,a ,
liie rrencn progress Here likewise ,1URe quantities of guns, ammunition i i . . i a
represents a renewal of the drive at .,,i No surprise is implied that the Am-
me est. vxvium umssu. ana mereiore
ments -la the St. Mihiel sector. Uotn
1 in the news and the editorial columns j
i hearty tributes are given to the thor-:
oyghness with which the operation !
AMSTERDAM, SEPT. 14. THE AUSTRO-HUNGARIAN GOVERNMENT.TODAY INVITED ALL BELLIGER
ENT GOVERNMENTS TO ENTER INTO NON-BINDING DISCUSSIONS AT SOME NEUTRAL MEETING
PLACE WITH A VIEW TO BRINGING ABOUT PEACE. THE HOLY SEE AND ALL NEUTRAL NATIONS
ALSO WILL BE NOTIFIED. AN OFFICIAL STATEMENT FROM VIENNA MAKING THE ABOVE AN
NOUNCEMENT HAS BEEN RECEIVED HERE. " " 1
WASHINGTON SEPT. U. NEWS OF THE AUSTRO-HUNGARIAN GOVERNMENT'S PEACE PROPOSI
TION REACHED WASHINGTON TOO LATE TO OBTAIN FROM OFFICIALS AN EXPRESSION AS TO HOW
IT MIGHT BE RECEIVED. THERE HAD BEEN SOME HINTS LATELY THAT AN OFFER OF THIS KIND
MIGHT COME FROM AUSTRIA AFTER THE VICTORY AT ARMS IN FRANCE.
r
ALLIES FOUND AT VITAL CITIC:! fcUi'PORTING mNDENBUUo ?
.--FC foil LfeSCA ----- .
' . afciSC!c?ijict '$?t' "STgc'sa'h lit''.' .. '
V"",i twsph-- ...--e
t hi ml siil3 ,--ViLLtR&rWi- vtW.tn. .Jt'?i
WAes....... j yf f 0' lyy
battle uMt vesttwAV ' W....'; f: .
m fflu
RESULTS OF
I
SHOULD LA FERE AND LAON
FALL, WASHINGTON BELIEVES
FCCHS NEXT MOVE WOULD BE
TO MAKE ENCIRCLING DRIVE
AGAINST FORTRESS CF METZ
DESTROY ENEMY FORCES
OFFICIALLY REPORTED PRISON
ERS NUMBER 13,300 BUT THESE
THOUGHT TO BE BUT SMALL
PART OF HUNS CAUGHT IN NET
DRAWN AT ST. MIHIEL SALIENT
AMERICAN HEADQUARTERS
IN FRANCE. Sept. 14. (Reu
ters When the St. Mihiel op
eration began there were from 90,
000 to loo.ooo Germans inside the
sa'ifnt. They escaped at the rate
of 1,000 hourly! but the pincer
clewed and trapped a hitherto un
known number. The 13.300 al
ready taken prisoner dees not in
clude the buik of those believed to
fc,c trarptd in the salient.
I
Four vital cities support the
Hindenburg line. If the allies
capture any one of them the whole
line is likely to fall.
1 The first city U Cambrai.
Traffic against the Arras sector
starts from this rail center. The
Lritish sre now within sight of it.
S The second important city is
c:. Qacatin. It stands near the
head of the Somr.ie valley ard is
the center Jbastion of the Hinden
burg line. The French and Brit
ish are less than four miles away.
3 La Fere, on the Oic, appears
to ' be doomed to fall. Tcrnier,
one of the suburbs, is already in
French hand.-). When this strong
city is captured, the St. Gobain
massif will be turned from the
north. This hill is regarded as th
key to the German pu&iiions.
i 'llie French hold their old
trenches facing the Hinfienburg
line on St. Gobain hill, and are
able to bombard Leon, which is
within plain sight less than ten
miles away. Laon is a groat rail
center, and its capture wouid
break the German resistance is
this cart of France.
THREATEN WOTAN LINE.
iF.v R I..-ismI Vu -
WASHINGTON. Sept. 14. With the
F rench now taking up the fighting in
the center oi the great arc which crun,
I'li.f::: the v.estern front from Arras
j t( V.'rduu. the brief official announce
, r.n'i.t icdav uid they attacked on the
Olsc-Alleue sector south of the Asine.
i i coiiMc'crf ,1 enMrely probable that
the next move cf the American army
is depvndeni i.jxm the results of this
ptrenwe. An advance of any impor
tance by thu French will threaten the
stabi'ity of the fsmoiw Cheraln Ds
Iirnies H.!:-c uni. to a le-s extent. oo
sibly, will affect the St. Gobain massif,
pesition upc?: vulcil the new do
fensos of the G'.-iiii.-T. - ceni to b
ba?et. So.ie cbservn -xpressed the
lirf t'.iat tcdi : 's t ttack mii;ht ba.e
the primary rb.ect i rutting behind
S. t'-Ol:.!!!: l'jlf-t
Collapse of the German position at
I.n Fere and Laon would mean a con
Idti.ihie nt'.rciuent and there is ev
erv rcn-oii to x;iect. offi'.-ers say, that
.".i;"-s4il rtn U wri.'d take tjulcl-. aOvan
tir.c .f the if-.'.::i:iit conf.islon t-.
i ress r-i p'lt Ir-.-li-'is rnmpair1 again T
:etr itself, employing both Generat
Prrhir2's nrriy and the French forces
at Verdun in development of the move
ment. Tn that evrnt. a double Ameri-
! can thrust is anticipated, one in cc
o"eratl'n wit1 the French e.st of Ver
I dun andthe other aimed to'pas3 Mets
'on the opposite flank.
ericans should have succeeded so well.
at the citadel of Laon,' which that bas-! . The desPerte e"orts ,1;e enemy. Qn the contrary, the newspapers con
tion defends. Moving directly into the' ?, e8Cf,pe Ulro,uEh V forest near , rr tnat what happened was only
massif further north, above the Ailette "--" -!nai migiu .nave peen expeciea irom
the French are renorted tn h nr( ; o weu as to aetract irom me orniiant , ,he fighting qualities the America
greasing satisfactoritly. Along the h,i ... ; disnlayed when they fought as
; ; under French and Uritish comman
I Nothing like a first hand technical ac-;
I count of the flattening of the salient ;
hti repelled' I.ondon up to this morn-j
i ing and the inadequate detailed sto-;
I ries at hand do not carry the opera-;
j Hons further than Thursday evening, j
I The Daily Telegraph, after consrat-:
j ulating the Americans on their "feat
, of arni8--a real triumph accomplish-,
! ed in masterly style," says.
"The full story will be awaited with
the deepest interest. It seems really
clear that the great majoritv of Ger-
Bolshevick Heads of Judas Typeyi,
JL it'i-st American
HUNS BELIEVE WOTAN LSI
HAS BECOME QUITE
UNTENABLE
H: LARGER CITIES
FALLING BELOW
FIRST ESTIMATE
BANDITS SOUGHT IHOST AUG
COLORADO ; DISCLOSURES
AND ILLINOIS: BY STATE DEPT.
LORRAINE, Sept. 14 (By the Assocl-'
ated Press) 12:30 p. ni. The enemy'
counter attacked against part of the
American lines Friday evening and
again during the night, but with an In
Mihiel salient. They cleared the for
est of lurking Germans.
'Revisions in Lists May Bring; Part of Suspected Train Rob-. Actual Documents Showing
man troops holding the salient were
Prisoners make conflicting state- cut off bv the rapidity of the Ameri-
ments respecting German prepared-j can advance, and hat the opposition j
ness for an attack In this sctor. Some;on the other side of the wedge col-!
Total Registered About to
tense and accurate artillery fire and say it was unexpected; others declare lapsed on the second morning. It w!!l j
recoiled.
The Americans took a fe wprisotvers
in these attacks.
Hard fighting has taken place In the
quarries northeast of Fey-En-Haye.
wtiere the Germans bad placed one
big gun and many machine guns In a
. 1 1 j r 1 . : . i
Additional Austrian prisoners have therefore was caught unawares in thei
been taken; native civilians said that barrage. This apparently explains t lie J
they came in only a few days ago. 1 light counter artillery fire Thursday
Artillery fire and gas shells were morning.
they had advance Information of the,
hour and' place of the attack. Still ;
; others expected it would take place 1
; on the 15th and say that the artillery I
'had been ordered to withdraw on thel
night of the attack.
! The post's cemmand was being
moved when the attack began and
Original
mate
13,000,000 Esti-j
i
bers Caught in
Convicts Break
Chicago
Denver;
Prison
in
i
(lly Rvlw I.enl Wire)
WASHINGTON. Sept. 14 Provost ;
(lly Kevifw In 'I Vli)
DENVER. Colo., Sept. 14 -
Whlle
sent against certain American posi-i
tlons during the night but they did!
little damage.
The Americans are organizing their
newly taken positions rapidly and are
pushing forward exploitation parties.!
Prisoners and supplies are being col
lected and roads are being con?4'jeted
in no man's land. Much booty and
ammunition have fallen to the Franco
American allies. !
Prisoners and refugees alike ar
greatly impressed by the fact tha!
the Americans are eating white bread,
regarding It as a particularly ominous
sign for Germany. j
Throughout the night and early to-:
day Pershing's men continued to ad-
A German prisoner officer Is quoted
as saying:
"The Hindenburg line In its present
state is untenable."
WITH THE AMERICAN ARMY ON
THE LORRAINE FRONT. Friday.
Sept. 13 (By the Associated Press)
Midnight. The total number
oners taken up to date by the
cans, officially given out as is.aw
represents only those . tallied at the
pens. Those taken by the French
have not been tctalled, while it is be
lieved many Germans remain hidden in
the forests and small woods within
(he pouch, the mouth of which was
be a great tale when it Is told. The'
explanations of the reverse offered
in the German communique are child- j
ish."
The Daily Mail, under the headline, i
America n w ' Marshal General Crowder tonight had : the Denver police prepared tonight to
the value of the removal of the sail-1 i , ,
en. The newspaper says: I not received complete figures f rom j cope with another possihle outbreak
"Genera! Pershing is breaking into ', my state on the registration- Thurs-! of terrorism by the automobile band
n rerfect web of railways, which has ' day of men between 18 and 45, but I its who engaged the police of Colorado
been of priceless Importance to C,;n- partial returns were rerelved during : Springs and Denver in five gun
eral Ludendorff for maneuvering. Here i the day from draft cfirclnls compiling, fights, killing two officers and wound
'f nnvwhoro is the enemy's AchU'es' i the district reports. ling four yesterday afternoon and last
,pl ' , Reports coming to the provost mar-, night, Supt. Frank Adams of the state
"The Americans have not yet reach- shal general today from the more poi-. constabulary arranged a drag net to
ed this heel, but by threatening It they ulous centers of the country led mem- cover the eastern half of the state
have forced the Germans to con cen- j bcr. of his staff here to revise down- and prevent the escape of the bandits.
Treachery of Lenine and
Trotzky to Russians in U. S.
Possession
mi' RpvIpt Lcafvl Wire
WASHINGTON. Sept. 14 !
Proofs removing any doubt thst
Lenine and Trotzky. the Holshevikl ;
leaders, are paid German agents j
if indeed any doubts remain are
laid before the world today by the (
I'nited States government in the ;
first installment of an amazing se
ries of official documents dis
closed through the committee cn
public information.
(eontlnued on Page Thivl
fCnntlniirvl on page Tlir
(( 'ontinueil on Vnge Three)
j Secured In
I agents, these
l&AUTOLESS SUNDAY MA Y EXTEND OVER NATION-,
closed when the two forces made a
vance and finished clearing up the St. j Junction at Vinneulles.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 14. The
f;cl administration announced to
day that there Is a possibility that
its autoless Sunday request tiny
be extended to cover the entire
couvtrv. This will depend, the
administration said, upon the ubil
ity of mid-conUneutal refiners to
pi'T ni v the territory west of the
Mississippi !:nd at the Fame time
furnish the gasoline they have
rpn-rd to deliver at the Atlantic
sept-otrd. Hcfiners are canvass
Iiil' the situation .vifh a view to
d' .'terminins if they can provide
for !th demands.
AU1 ough the xuct airount of
gasoline sacd in the territory
east cf the Mirslsippl In the two
Sundays since the re'i'irst was
made cannot be determined, the
administration estimated it at
4l".00i barrels, which has added
iii.iterlal'v to the reserve availa
ble lor hhipiuert ovciea.
Russia by
documents
the German government j
s Imperial bank paid its ,
gold to Lenine. Trotzky and their 1m-
FIRST ARMY STAFF.
TON. Sept. 14 General
organized a staff for the
army separate from his
I personal staff, which remains at een
I ,i Ku)):nligrters of the Amencaa
I expeditionary force. General March.
I i-l' ief of staff, announced today,
j. LltUT. COL. HUGH A. DRUM. Is
i the chief of stajf oi i'.ie new armv.
i'tH hia assi-tanl chiefs of staff are
CO' . ROBERT MCLEAVE.. and
LIE JT. COLS. JENS BUCGE. WIL
LEY HOWELL. JOHN . L. . DEWITT
cmlLEWIS H. W ATKINS.
MAJ. GEN. EDWARD F. M CLACM
LIN 1- chief of arti'lery and the heads
cf tt-c ndministratios and technical
service are:
A"M'TAMT GENERAL. COL. JOS.
F. BARNES. ; : .
INSPECTOR GENERAL. COL. JA
COB C. JOHNSON.
JUDGE ADVOCATE, LIEUT. COL.
Bl ANTON WINSHlP.
CHIEF .QUARTERMASTER, MAJ.
GEORGE LUBEROFF.
CHIEF SURGEON, COL.
DER N. STARK.
CHIEF ENGINEER, BRIG. GEN. J.
J. MORROW.
CHIEF SIGNAL OFFICER. LIEUT.
COL. PARKER HITT.
I CHIEF ORDNANCE C-FlCtR. COL.
I EDWARD P. O'HERN.
! CHIEF OF MOTOR TR AN SPORT A
TION CORPS, COL. WM. H. WIN-
' i TER?.
! CH'EF OF .AIR .SERVICE. COL.
j WM. MITCHELL.
j: It v thU st.:ff nicli handled the
j;i.u vt nirnt t St. Mihiel under General
' - . . . . . w .. .. I 1 II..
i-rrrsning, iienerai .iarcn .uu. n?
'i polled that the chiefs of the chemical
' warfare service and additional admin
American ; istratlve and technical service had not
not only: bet n designated at the time General
Pershing reported the other members
of the new staff.
ALEX A N-
into deserting her allies, but give
added proofs, if any le necessary that
Germany had perfected her plans for
a war of world conquest long before
the assassinations at Sarevejo, which
WASHINGTON REVIEW.
iHv Roytfw Leased Wire
WASHINGTON. Sept. 14 Military
observers here believe General Focn
plans each phas of the offensive to
reach some limited tactical position,
while collectively the series of blows
(Continued on Fage Three)
(Continued on Tage Thr) TW
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 1918.
LENirE, TROTZKY AND THE SIX BILLION RUBLES
Why Germany Is Willing That the Bclsheviki Should
Control Russia
r
(By Frank Bohn) power by the war. Is worth probably
The regime which the Lenine and 'not more than $15,000,000,000. So
Trotsky outfit have conducted in that!these distinguished statesmen of "rev-
i clutionary Russia have promised to
blind and crippled part of Russia j
pay one-third of the wealth of their
which the German cheese knife, has peopie to the kaiser. That means that
left to the "revolutionists" has now they are bound themselves to deliver
run cn long enough to permit us to jone-ihird of the national income to
size it up pretty accurately. Some 0fjUerinan agents. Compare these fig
us several mor.ths aso based tentative .ures with those representing the
cc3clu.sicns.UP0u the following fact.: 1 w-aHa of France and draw similar
Lenine. Trcttzliy, et al. are honest men .conclusions. France was worth $50.-
that. is. honest in the sense that thev : 000.000,000 before Uhe war. If a Bel-
set out to serve ideal purposes. , Gus-
tave Kerve, editor of La Victoire in
Tariti,. calls them "rats of.the libra
ries" men who spend their lives eat
ing masses ci literature and plnlosq
jshevist regime in France could be es
tablished and make peace with the
I kaiser tomorrow as their fellow s have
in. Russia, and the kaiser's agents
should demand the same as they did of
phy as rats eat garbage. Had they tue nushian isoibuiviki, an mat rrante;
been crlured and lived in trees in Cen-.; would nave to pay would- be Jla.000,
tral Africa, Herve goes on to say, "we000 i;0- 'I hat is- the French workers
t..ouM l:uv. hnowu what to exp'ect rf! would be assed to turn over $750,000,
tiicro.". '-As they are white and have uju worth of their product annually,
lived so. Ions ia Ventral Europe, it wpf 1 To return to Russia, the interest on
quite rr.',LTai Icr us to he disappointed :4.5w0.0o).0 at 5 per cent is $225,000;
in them. ' . annually. But ven Kuhlmann is
, V.'Uv did the russian Junkers com'- known to have been a very kindly, gen,
promise will them at all? Why erous, moderate and liberal statesman,
weren'r thev simnlv driven out. as in At Brest-Litovsk lie probably did net
the Ukraine, or stood up and shot, as:dtmiind the whole amount on the spot!
m inland we now. nave the an-;1" Lau- mmsiue mmi
swer, viz. 6,000,000,00 rubies. If weaving the Bolshiviki live years in
would understand the German policy which to. pay the principal; $900,000- j
in Russia at the present time we must : -at the end of the first year plus
view it entirely from the point of view. ?-'25,000,O00 of interest is $1,125,000
ot wheat, meat, wool and hides. The;000- Of bourse, not a dollar of gold
question wbkh the German General j v,11) 60 from Russia to Germany. They j
Start' and the Foreign Department ; wouldn't take it if it were offered to:
asked at Brest-Litovsk was' simply them, as they would rather iiave its!
Xhis: "How can we secure from Rus- weight in irn. zinc, and rubber. They!
sia, this season and next, the largest m lake their pay in the only com-j
possible ' amount of these four com-'. modilies Russia has to pay with j
modifies-without jeopardizing our fut-1 wueat meat, wool and hides. That i
ure political and economic hold uponjtney will get, or out gp the Bolshiviki;
Russia?" For fhem to go into Russia ;and ln wil1 come some one who will
and literally , confiscate from 30 per Pay promptly. Meanwhile, If there Is
cent to 50 per cent of the Russian a revolution in Great Russia it will
crop is physically impossible. It would . not De a revolution against a Marshal
require a troop of cavalry ln every vil-jvon Eichhorn it must be a revolution
lage. Indeed, it has been tried in thejaBamst the revolutionists, and the one
Ukraine, where regiments of Polish thing in which Lenine and Trotzky are
cavalry were sent tr gather wheat, (efficient, indeed the one Job in which j
The result was that hundreds of the ; they are highly skilled specialists, s f
cavalrymen were killed and wounded j dealing with counter-revolutionary'
-rtiiauy of them being later dragged . forces. They will live and grow fat I
from tire hospitals and torn limb from J w here men like Count Mirbach and
limb by the .infuriated peasantry. An Marshal Eichhorn die. They will del
infinitely better itrtuhod is that pur-! liver the $4,500,000,000 plus every ko ,
aued in conjunction with Lenine andPeck of interest, while the German
Troti-ky.' aeei.ts in (he 'kraine and Finland are
The fi.f00,0i0,000 rubles which tie ; sending back the bedies of their as
rLl.'hcviki have promised to pay Grr- sassinated leaders,
many is equal to $4.50(t.0G0,000. Now ; Let the social revolutionists of Rus
the entire national wealth of Russia' sia, who have made such a splendid
immediately before the war was only beginning on Mirbach and Eichhorn,
f 40.000.000,000. The territory over, continue their good work and make no
which the Bol.sheviki hold sway at j distinction between the slave buyers
present drained of its wealth and man and the slave traders.
STORE CLOSED MONDAY, HOLIDAY-
LOTS OF TALENT IS AIRPLANES WILL BE
. BURIED AMONG MEN : USED WIDELY TO
IN U. S. UNIFORM ;1 EXPLORE AND SURVEY
i
WHEN PUT TO IT TO AMU3E
THEMSELVES MEN CAN DIG t)P;
MUSICIANS, ACTORS, ACROBATS '
A,ND ALL SORTS OF VAUDE- i
VILLE PERFORMERS I
I
WAR DEVELOPMENT OF FLYING
WILL MEAN MUCH TO WORLD
OF SCIENCE WHEN FIGHTING
SHALL HAVE ENDED, SAYS
BRIGHOUSE
AX IRISH FOivT, Sept. 14. (Cor
rependtnee of The Associated Tress.)
Iho taonsands of American sailers
LONDON. Aug. 1. (Correspondence
1 cf the Associated Press). Airplanes
j will be widely used, after the war, "for
s'.aticacd ut the destroyer base hi Brit-1 purposes of exploration and .servev. i
iih waters have been forced to pro-1 said Harold Brighousc, of the Royal;
de their own entertainment to whi:e ' Geographical Socity, to a representa-j
'.va' "li'r-v" hours 'in. tho small i tive of tbe Associated Press, com-,
" " meriting on the announcement that
1 i Captain Amundsen's Arctic expedition,
Gr.o cf tl.c- chief icatuiis of the j which -has just sailed, has taken three
"Mcr.'j Club" is tho theater, which ( airplanes as part of the equipment,
v i'i ?' u'fctul il.Oii persons, and "Captain Amundsen will use these
v hi re there is something going on airplanes for geographical and mete
ires ci .rv night. Aside troni the oroligal research in the Arctic," said
ircvi'nr r.r.ure t!a--s. all the enter-i air. brighousc, " and they tjiculd
t:.:.r.:e..t ... produced by the sailers. ! prove very useful in this connection.
v nn peace win come a large exten-.
sion ot the use of the airplane in exploration.
mere is no reason wny the re
motest parts oi Africa or the upper
waters of the Amazon should remain j
tiuinup,)fcd. Aerial photography has'
leached a stage when all that is neies '
sev-'sary for exact man-drawing is a con-;
Sood I tinuous series of air photographs!
Tracts of Portuguese East Africa,!
n average Saturday nu;hl which had never before been charted,!
O oiio-rtel comedy, seven i'ere, in fact mapped by means of the,
air photography of British aviators. ;
"The undiscovered natural resources
cf a new country can be observed
iroia airpiuncs. The eye of the ob-1
Eervcr reveals much; the air camera,,
even now, will be of greater utility'
still as the development of aerial color i
ihit ,;rap'iy progresses. j
Railway surveys through savage;
lands, which, both in life and monty.l
has been a tremendously costly pre-
Inn.r.ary to construction, will become j
sate, and so cheap as to present no .
1'C5:C of t e scenery tor the stage
vjS obtained in London, but some
of it v,:'s ; fenced risiit here at tu
buf e
Tne ta'e-.t jr.co--jrrd has rc.-.ultei
in a r.r:--;- band of 27 ritces, an or
thestrj; t i.i-g.?, an acrobat, several
vi rt t ; (5. c voaicr, n?u a ccz.n
l lai V:t t: c- init'rii':iir . a (juar'.et
f.-il pit;:'." players aid or.oach
voic3 to state a minsirel si.ow.
Her., i?
I :;:; ,:rn :
f onecri
reel lc.'.!i:r
y Itr
l?r :!.
' v. ords ih:o
Tl.o 'K.
I'ko t:..' !
v. ant ti r'
rra! cr.- inr
troifi t:-"
;r.:in i '.-'.
t'.-.I:-.- :,h-v
i- !'
t'-'- rwf :.
and over.
! !. I-
t'.if.u-.h ti;'
sc r. z ' !
for r.n ir.-.t
.ev o:-!:
the pictrie
r-i!::s hy ina or.n::, a lour
; li'm, half a dozf'ii sonss
'.et, the yodler and popu
ty "all har.ds." with the
n on to the picture strecn.
; u:vre is what the saiiors
:,t. as they all seem to
t in th" show. Tbry put
lasra it'to so.nae about witi
ar and "fictting" the Gr
:.u, i.en the scmo
' heme, tiie sunny so'::h,
't bthind. t'i:y fairly rfiis
d zlv.s tho citor.1313 over I r
their navigable channels
' I can bo ascertained, and the combined 1
! discovery made of valuable, natural1
! products, together with the best means :
of transporting them by river. . j
I "Water, then as now, will probably :
l-e the explorer's chief guide and nifi'
, vey which uses aerial photography,
cr tue of otic feature aVj Xct 01lly ran the course of rivers
Ui' '. 1 1 . i j..! ... . traced, but
v, :;.i ir.e nouso uam
irt. a curtain s'.io-c;:!- t
t!'j ill o 1' dropped. A
.lint l'.iht ri'tnly out'mcs
the nr-hestra starts, to
Vrt: Tov.t.," a;'d c-'eryonc
ended p cf' the r.e.i l:rt-,k int, I,!ac"'"(? 's f
rbers cntl throw t:,c,r wl.l:o 1 :s in'- , I ' a" V.pe: !, h.u "tT hB hc ".
I ciu.i ii. Mini n -.13. ) n e ni.i
iiv nign. ani siiouiil lie have to niaKc
:. forced landing, will bteer for lakr
and river rather than frr the rare
onen spaces of a tropical forest.
"Kcr the air explorer, the romance
cf flying will persist; tiie value of
i trie ttorl: ho will do is obvious; and.
lli ic are m.ttty pilotu in the allied ,i
the air.
"I ain't from 'c- Vor'f." r.ai'i a
trinj r.ff nn ct nidl-w. ft rn votjn-z
nrmhord ' . e r.iiht. "Iutt thai r.!:y i:;r
'r-r v )'' tiiinc ! nw in the caod
Vil 1. A -.-c. that pictiirp vifj th :
civics " i '.!' ir.i.i F"n: j.n' i-.?t i
tirr'ly n .- i rs a f; 11-jv v r.it to sir.a
I'. T f - "! ".i.i s h CMU'C-'.ii.M..
s-"ii'i'i-.., ;i,ru r. li'llc h'-'-i" ,', vn.. armies fonay wr.o win una in aeriai i
rce j ". sanoi.-., nnrv -t i a-m nierj '' " '.'i""j
vontu.: ?-ri .,r. alatl thi v ; n in Hi- "I11"" ,f lvnture.
a i. i . , i r !! Mm ft:li.r ..C uviMtinti tltot-c U
IliHK CI ,li! liKlll.k ()I I 1 " -
?-3vs Kail Cat lit!? !jtr th' v s:e ol ciucv; room tor an, trie sportsaia
Save Our Soldiers
From German Gas
By Saving PeachxStones - I
Save all peach stones dty them, and
bring to our store first.floor department.
Two hundred of these stones will make
enough carbon for gas mask and one gas
mask will, save an American soldier's life,
flat peaches and save the stones; this store
is designated depository. Bring diied peach
stones. :
'save apricot, cherry, plum,
prune and olive pits. ;
Date seeds, Walnuts, Hickory nuts, But-.
t:r nuts, and shells of those nuts.
LIBERTY PEACH STONE BARREL
AT-MAIN ENTRANCE THE FAIR
STORE
THIS ADVERTISEMENT FOR TUESDAY
INTRODUCING
NE W FA SHIONS fo rA V TUMR
Conservative Individuality Variety Quality
This expositions of the fashions, marking the opening of the season of Autumn fcnd
Winter is, of course, of unusual interest this year. The fashions created to date, are so varied
that their name is legion, and yet, the ultra the extreme has been frowned upon, and con
servationism is queen of the season. Tuesday we present a gathering of fashions in coats,
wraps, suits, frocks, millinry, blouses, hosiery and bags and the many accessories that contrib
ute the styles for the immediate months ahead. Distinctive modes from the most enthusiastic
sources portray worth while and enduring innovations that are entirely in Keeping with the
spirit of the times.
liar Saving
STAMPS
are helping to
Build Ships,
Build Aeroplanes,
Outfit Soldiers and
Sailors
Provide food and
supplies
Build Hospitals.
Do you realize
that every dollarr
you invest in war
savings stamps is
loaned to govern-
' . r .
ment ror tne ex
press purpose of
. winning the war.
1'Buy War Savings.
Stamps Every.
Week.' ' '
Some Exquisite Blouses of
Crepe Georgette
Specially Priced at . $5.95
These blouses just arrived and were bought to sell at $7.50, will be on sale
Tuesday at $5.95. You will find here blouses for afternoon, for theater and
restaurant wear with the semi-tailored suit and plenty, too, that are plainer, for
less auspicious occasions.
Colors range from the lovely shades for evening, to those in flesh-white,
navy blue, tan and berge. .
Some are heavily embroidered, some are V neck, with the new ruffled col
lars. ,
These are made of a good weight georgette and the embroidery combination's
are beautiful and to be shown for the first time, Tuesday Second floor.
New Plaid Silks
JUST IN BY EXPRESS
In this assortment are the newest chscks and plaids in a beautiful combi- '
nation of colors that will be so popular this fall for jkirts, waists and dresses.
Colors are brown, navy, taupe, black, cherry red,. French blue, etc., 36-in. wide,
$2.50 to $3.00 yd.," in satin and taffetas. New coatings for fall, too, are here.
.!i!Iiiti)Ies
A WONDERFUL
SHOWING OF jlj f
NEW MODELS j yj
I
I
i
1
-In the new millinery styles for fall in originality and charm a breaking away from old styles which
vers of the entirely new will like. There'll be a smart collection to greet you in our millinery depart-
WE
WILL
t
lovers
ment Tuesday.
Our showing of new Fall Styles, we think, you could find no prettier in Arizona.
THERE ARE NO DUPLICATES AMONG THESE NEW FALL STYLES
SHOW-YOU AT $10.00
There may be variations, but even these are raie. Among them are the beautiful black picture hats,
turbans and velcurcs, of all the new fall shades to match j'our fall suit or coat. Pretty dress hats of satins
and velvets in them is the art of simplicity the graceful lines of a well designed shape. A little touch
of coloran ornament that is original in conception and a ribbon, but that ribbon, sometimes a mere sug
gestion. The hats are wonderfully pretty, and for thi3 fall we've prepared for you the greatest surprise of
the season. .
' New Shoes fJI
Such Things As
These Milady Wears
and News of Them is
Always Interesting
Such things as
fine underwear yffYt-
in silk and cot- JrWjfcX W
ICJI1 SllK SLOCH- pT-; r (Tt
mes. j i'i o
New., neck- ft A
ii .L. A a
wear in dn uic y- n
latest shapes and
materials, too, (
come in this -
week for a bit of . -
attention.
When buying stich things at the Fair Stfre
den't you always have that feeling of "Se
curity" regarding quality, and don't ?ou rea
lize that the Fair's prices are never higher,
but utten lower? We're mentioning just a
handful" of seme of the things we would
like to have you see on Tuesday.
Silk Stockings 75c to $3.50 pair
Full fashioned stockings of pure silk may
be had Jiere -in the " popular shoe shades
at ....1..'..'..'.....'. $75c to $3.50 pair
Kayser's Silk underwear ....$2.00 to $730
Pure Italian silk vests, unions, bloomer
and combination suits with French band
tops or bodice style, some plain others
embroidered.
New neckwear 25c to $5.C0
This dainty new neckwear has just ar
rived and we are rbowing all the newest
styles and materials.
Knitting bags $2.00 to $5.00
Twenty different styles and color combi
nations to choose from in repp, cretonne
and silks.
Brassiers 75c to $2.50
New numbers in silk-satin, crepe de c hine,
in flesh and white, trimmed with pretty
lace. Sizes 32 to OS.
New belts 35o. to $1.50
Pattern leathers, in- red-black, white, and
blue, in a'l widths,, from I inch to 6 inches
wide. New gweater bolts in ail shades.
Rcyal Society Package Goods.
All the new fall numbers in children's
dresses, caps, aprons, coveralls, etc.. as well
a3 new gowns, waists, comb suits, pajajnas.
etc.
Faacy ribbons 35s to $2.506.
In all the pretty new patterns for ha'.i
bows, and fancy work, for which they arn
so popular
New Rufflings.
Showing a bearaiul new lino of pretty
new rutflu.g. in widths irc.n 2 Inch p.- to Vi
inc ties wide in net, organdies and pilk.
Kar Rings 50c to 75c.
New Car Rings in cut jet the new cherry
red. pearls, etc, m all sizrs in the button
and drop styles.
Now Fall S ve;ci, $4.00 to $25.00
In a big ccmi.ir ai:c a i .' rev fall shades,
plain and beltfj. v. ith .ire brush col. ars.
New Veila 50c to $3.00
New sport r.n.! 'imcian. vei!s in all th
new patterns I'. Mac... ' Lite, taupe, navy
and brown.
eir P res tine
Fall Newness A re Here
Doubtless most Bisbee women know what the name Fair Store
Quality stands for and represents, and will enjoy looking at and be
ing fitted with a pair of these beautiful shoes lor years this store
has had the name of showing the bigge3t and best line of ladies
shoes in Bisbec, and we can truthfully say that, despite adverse con
ditions "all along the line," we "have never had a better or more com
plete stock to show at popular prices.
Such grace of line, of arch, of heel!
Snch color richness!
Dark end medium gray, or mouse and
black.
Dark chocolate brown, snuff brown.
liouae.
Iter ; ;
1 1 i lot will !i::d hi exploration by
I au enterprise tuade to Lii taste."
iu,J
HP1
Buy War Saving Stamps
at "The FAIR STORE"
Things for Street ani School Wear
at "THE FAIR ANNEX''
All of the boys and girlj
the wee kindergarteners, the juniors and the nearly grown ups to be
outfitted for school; hats, shoes, underwear, hose, coats and dresses
and school supplies to consider and to buy for them 3uch depart
ments as these at the Fair Annex are just "bulging" with new fall togs.
500 Boys Blouses. 6 to IS years, dark
and light stripes, special 45c
Beys Khaki nickers, 6 to 15 years
all fclzc3 65c to $1.25
Boys Wool Pans, 6 to 16 years, in
nilxturi 75c to $1.25
B )9 Kah Hah hats, all sizes 75c to $1.23
Hoy Suspenders 25t
Toys Bells, all Bizes 25e
I oyj Caps, all sliea 25c
Hi Blark But'on. 2 lace Shoes
al! birci $2.50 to $3.50
i!"V ; Bicyt !e S'aoe. all cizes $2.75 to $2.95
Po.v'..' ai'd C.nh'.' t'nlons. long and
shit! t Ick. i-h'x-t sleeve 45c
Girls' Ginghant V-r-.
Girl's Giiibam
years
Giris' Flush Hats
; :o G ycar;:
C5c to $1.25
'l.'vie.S 3 t-. 1.1
v tn V? 71
assorted shade .
$1.45 to $3.25
Girls' 'Black Gun .Metal Si.ne.i. all
sizes $2.50 to $2.75
Gills' Patent Leather Shoes, all
sizes $2.45 to 2.95
Girls' Patent Le;Uhr cloth tous, all
size $2.45
Girls' Patent Leather Kelts, red.
Mack, white 35c to 65c
Children's Hose, all tlses 15c- pr.
fhilili en's heavy rib ho.--e. blark and
white, 1! sizes 20 and 25o THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 1918.
THREE
PRICELESS RELICS OF
HISTORIC FRANCE
CARPET HUN HUTS
j
i
TAPESTRIES DESCENDING TO ,
PRESENT DAY FROM MEDIEVAL
TIMES CARRIED AWAY FROM
CHATEAU THIERRY TO CARPET
DUGOUTS IN TRENCHES
BEHIND THE FRANCO-AMERICAN
LINES. August 20. iCorresponJ
ence of The Associated Press.) Price
less tapestries, furniture of the Louis
XIV. period, grand pianos and rich
portieres found by the Hun in Chateau
Thierrv. were carried away by him in
his retreat, and used to furnish dug
outs. Following the German retreat Amer
ican units inspecting the enemy dug
outs for concealed boches found the
elaborately furnished subterranean
apartments. The care and design of
the; furniture varied with the rank of
the' officer, it was discovered. At one
of the quarters that of a German
general the sides of the dugout were
lined first with lumber looted from
the town, and over the lumber were
placed embroidered portieres. To pre
vent dust from falling from the roof,
which had been first protected by cor
rugated sheetiron, several artistic tap
estries had been attached.
The grand piano was found in the
headquarters of a regiment. It was
thought by the Americans that here
the regimental staff reveled over their
first successes and the use of German
artists to play the Instrument was re
sorted to. Finely carved tables and
chairs were found In profusion in this
rendezvous. Other dugouts were fur
nished also in elaborate style varying
in degree with the rank of the occu
pant
Beds from Chateau Thierry took up
much of the space in some of the hish-1
er officers' quarters. Down under I tions with which Russia was allied or
twenty to thirty feet of earth could I at peace, how they effectually have
be found handsome bedroom suites, j directed the Bolshevik! foreign, do
In some cases, due to the haste which , mestic and economic policy wholly in
the retreating Huns were forced to
exercise, the beds had not been used
since they had been made in - the
morning and were ready for occupan
cy. Models of comfort, they were
mute evidence that the retreat of the
Germans had been a hasty one.
LONDON. Aug. 20 The test of av-
erage intelligence proposed by a pro- originals ana typewritten circulars,
fessor of Leland Stanford university, some of them marked very secret
based on ability to define 100 words "private" and many of them bear
taken by prescribed order from the ' inB the annotations of the Bolsheviki
dictionary, is being tried in Englisii . leaders themselves; some of them
schools, with varving results. In one staining references to "Comrade
school the prize contestant got 90 per ! Trotzky" or "Comrade Lenine" corn
cent, two other bovs 85, six 80 and the I Prlse the damning record. Some of
remainder from 80 down to 49. tQe originals, it is shown, although de-
1 posited in the secret archives of the
LARGER CITIES
FALLING BELOW
FIRST ESTIMATE'
fContlnued from Pace One)
ward their estimate vesterdav that ' that the GerlDan government had re
ThY ,;. f Lmw f nf .tutird ; nuired the return of the order of the
Jiht rlh w SSnnLi reglStered! German imperial bank depositing
nnght reach 14.000.000. 50.000,000 gold rubles in a Stockholm
Returns from some New York dis- bank for Leine and Trotzky. and that
tricts Indicated that the enrollment! the game tfme tne accounts of the
there might produce only 96 per centjbank had been "audited" to conceal
cf the estimate before registration day j the payments.
and it also was said that Chicago, De-
troit and other large cities were run-i WAR REVENUE BILL,
nlng slightly below the totals expect- WASHINGTON, Sept. 14. General
ed. Officials said this falling off inj debate in the house on the war reve
the figures might offset the excess in!nue Djn ended today, and the way was
incomplete returns yesterday from ten i cleared for taking the measure up
states, where registration was runnlngj Monday section by section for debate
8.5 per cent over the estimate. The on amendments under the five-minute
final results, officials concluded, might! rule. Passage of the bill by Friday
show a registration not very far above! was predicted by Democratic Leader
or below the first estimate of 13,000.- j Kitchin.
000. The calculations were watched j Hearings by the senate finance com
closely by General Crowder's staff, j mittee will continue next week, but
since the total registration available; they are expected to be brought to a
is one of the factors influencing sharp-! close as soon as the bill is disposed
ly their work of mobilizing the army's j of by the house.
new accretions.
REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS'
Sold Everywhere,
VIE DRimWIW Ajf
Wit
MOST AMAZING
DISCLOSURES
BY STATE DERT.
(Continued from Page On)
' as the world is now convinced con-
I veniently furnished her pretext. These
documents further show that before
the world war was four months old,
anJ more thall two year3 bpfore the
United States drawn into it, Germany
already was setting afoot her plans to
"mobilize destructive agents and ob
servers" to cause explosions, strikes
and outrages in this country and plan
ned the employment of "anarchists
and escaped criminals" for the pur
pose. Almost ranking in their sensational
nature with the notorious Zimmerman
note proposing war by Mexico and
Japan upon the United States, which
was first given to the world through
the Associated Press, these docu
ments lay bare a new stratum of
Prussian intrigue, a new view of the
workings of kultur to disrupt the al
lies, standing between the world and
kaiserism. They disclose a new story
of human treachery for gold .which
might, almost well be described with
out sacrilege as placing its perpetra
tors on a pedestal with Judas and his
thirty pieces of silver.
The intrigue appears to have been
carried down to the last detail of ar
rangement with typical German sys
tem. It will be revealed completely
in a series of seven articles furnished
by the committee on public informa
tion for publication each morning un
til the series is completed.
Not only do the disclosures prove
that Lenine, Trotzky and their band
are paid German agents, they show
that the Bolshevik! revolution which
threw Russia into such an orgy of
murder and excesses as the world sel
dom has seen, actually was arranged
by the German general staff. They
show how the paid agents of Germany
betrayed Russia at tlje Brest Litovsk
"peace" conference; how German
staff officers secretly have been re
ceived by the Boilshevikl as military
advisors; how they have acted as
spies upon the embassies of the na-
the interest of Germany and to the
shame and degradation of Russia.
They 'show how 'a picked German
commander was detailed to "defend"
Petrograd against the German army
and an extent of German intrigue and
domination almost beyond the realm
of imagination.
unginais 01 oocumenis, pnuiograpua
Bolsheviki, were required to be re
turned later to representatives of the
German general staff in Petrograd
that thev mieht be destroyed. But evi-
dence of them remained in the fabric
of rougery and into the vacancies they
fit perfectly. The Bolsheviki leaders
themselves informed their '"comrades"
REV EW
WANT ADS
RESULTS.
BRING
in Bottles Only
BANDITS SOUGHT
IN COLORADO
AND ILLINOIS
(Continued from Pace One)
who are sought in connection with the
robbery on July 10 of a MisRiiri, Kan-
j sas & Texas train at Koch, aKs.
In Denver a guard of detectives was
maintained about the house o nCapitol
hill, believed to he the rendezvous of
the bandits while special details were
scattered throughout the city. At po
lice headquarters four automobile
loads of policemen armed with rigles
were held m readiness for any emerg
ncy. Superintendent Adams ordered two
companies of constabulary, one sta
tioned on the Colorado-Wyoming
border and the other on the New Mexico-Colorado
border, to begin an en
circling movement of Denver so as
to prevent the alleged train robbers
who still are believed to be In this
vicinity from escaping.
Four of the alleged bandits still are
believed to be at liberty in the vicin
ity of Denver and Chief of Police Haim
ilton Armstrong expressed the belief
that with the coming of darkness they
would emerge from their hiding places
and resume their mad automobile
dashes which terrorized the city last
inght
Seven persons, four men and three
women, are in custody as a result of
last night's clashes with the police.
They are:
Frank Lewis, . arrested early today
while speeding toward Colorado
Springs in a taxicab.
Roy Sherrill, captured early today
after a gun fight with a posse south
of Denver.
Eva De Morris, sister of Lewis, ar
rested with Sherrill.
Lloyd Dale, arrested today at Se
dalia. John Babb, stepfather of Lewis, ar
rested last night in a raid of a house
on Capitol hill, Denver.
Mrs. Babb, mother of Lewis, arrest
ed with Babb.
Mrs. Frank Lawis, arrested with the
Babbs.
Dale, according to the police, was
released this summer from, the Mis
sorl penitentiary where he was known
under the name of Erdway.
DESPERATE JAIL BREAKERS
CHICAGO, Sept. 14. With the four
criminals who cut their way from the
county Jail Thursday night reported
fleeing toward the Illinois-Iowa line by
way of Rock Island, John Kempter,
the guard, who is held responsible
for their escape, gave himself up to
day and will be held pending an in
vestigation of alleged discrepancy in
the stories he has told of the affair.
The four desperate fugitives. Earl
Dear and Lloyd Bopp, both convicted
murderers, under sentence of death,
"Big Joe" Moran, nationally known as
a safe blower, and Frank McErlane,
who was facing trial as an accessory
in a slaying, are expected to put up a
hard battle, if surrounded.
James L. Mooney, chief of detec
tives tonight prepared to send a squad
of picked riflemen to Rock Island to
take up the' chase in - case the men
abandoned 4hir automobile aid took
to the woods adjoining the Missis
sippi bottom 'lands. The latest reports
Indicated that the men were leeing
in this direction after an attempt this
mcrning to rob a bank at Mount Mor
ris, 111.
WORE AUTO BANDITS
PEORIA, 111.. Sept. 14. Police and
sheriffs' posses of Peoria and Taze
well counties tonight were scouring
the surrunding country in a search
for three automobile bandits who late
this afternoon attempted to rob mine
officials of $26,000 pay roll of the
Groveland Mining company, and who
shot and seriously wounded Detective
E. J. Gustine of Peoria, and Walter
Off, manager of the company.
The attempter hold-up was staged
on a lonely part of the road near the
mine about eight biles south of here.
Detective Gustine and Off were on
the way to the mine in an automobile
with the pay roll and found several
railroad ties placed across the road.
Gustine alighted. There was a shot
from the bushes nearby and he fell
with several buckshot wounds In his
body. Off Jumped out of the car and
as he did so other shots yere fired
from the brush along the roadside.
One shot took effect in Offs eye and
an dhe probably will lose it. Off es
caped to the mine office, a half mile
away and. notified the police here.
After the shooting the robbers fled,
making no attempt to secure the
satchel or money left unguarder in
the machine.
YANKS AWAIT
RESULTS OF
FRENCH BLOW
(Continued from Pare One)
will serve to keep tnt entire enemy
defensive line in a state of perpetual
unrest.
Many officers believe the purpose
will be shown more clearly as the win
ter stts in by continued pressure
against the German lines all along the
front, to keep the enemy from stabi
lizing his position and to keep his men
from getting any rest. There' is no
question in the minds cf these off
cers that the supreme commander is
aiming at the morale of the German
ary by these harassing tactics as much
as he is at advancement of his own
battle front. Destruction of the tne
my army after all. they say, is the
only certain way to military victory.
Genera! March, chief of staff, hint
ed today at a continued offensive by
Gtneral Pershing on the St. Mlhlel
front. At his weekly conference with
newspaper correspondents, he said
elimination of the salient furnished a
bitter base "for future offensive op
eration." No official reports had come,
however, to show the course General
Pershing Is following since the two
wines of his attack formed a junction
and closed the mouth of the St. Mihiel
trap on the enemy.
Berlin reported officially that Per
shlne's men were feeling their way
toward "our new lines" east of Com
brcs and northwest of Thiaucourt. Just
what time this referred to was not
clear. It appeared probable tonight,
l - - -
- -v ---r -'.:.'-. -.v.v.- '::-j-r::.- - k
5 - : .;,;, - ;;a vV.vi C : j :--V:'-V: -;-'?- '
m ' , . - .-:.'. v . C
'I I ' i
' 'J . i i
.t i -v.v . .'t.
BISBEE DYE AND CLEANING
Upper Main St. We Call For and Deliver.
however, that the line of defense upon
which the Germans have fixed will be
found well to thp north and east of
the positions held by Pershing's out
posts at last authentic reports.
It is not believed here, howover, that
the enemy will yield control of the
Eriey iron fields without a stubborn
fiprht. and Pershing is advancing di
rectly toward that important region.
Discussing the American operations
of the last two days, General March
said:
"The old Ft. Mihiel salient was the
first one that was established iHong
the western front, in September. 1914.
and is the last one to go; the narrow
est and most angular of all salients,
projecting twelve miles into the
Frent h line and having Important mili
tary bearing because it Is across the
railway of the Meuse valley, cutting
off Verdun from Commercy and Toul
and leaving only one supply line, the
'" that goes out to the west toward
Rheims. This salient was cut off by
the American army in less than two
days.- parts of Thursday and Friday,
by quick, sharp blows on both flanks.
"On the south flank our troops ad
vnnce'd along a ten-mile front between
Xlavray and Fey-En-Haye, up through
the undulating plain of the W'oevre.
On the north flank on an right-mile
front, thoy advanced across the
heights cf the Meuse, a ridge which is
six miles 'wide, and broken by deep,
branching ravines. Hy the evening of
thr. first dnv. the south flank had
been driven in five- miles and the north
flank three miles. By evening of the
second day the salient had been wiped
out.
"Tho removal of the salient short
ens the l'ne 22 miles, restores rail
communication between Verdun anJ
St. Mihiel and Toul and gives a very
much better base for future offensive
operations than existed before this
drive began.
"It is to te noted that the German
connnninue says they withdrew quiet
ly from this sector in accordance with
a carefully arranged plan, but this
does not cover the 13,300 men they
left behind. They constitute the com
batant strength of an entire German
division.
"AH reports from the fighting sec
tions in France Indicate the same high
spirit, the lack of pessimism with
which has always characterized our
troops in France, and everyone gets
I Into the swing of It the minute he
I gets there. The quickness and rapid-j
itv with which thev handled the fight
at St. Mihlt'l 1h attribiKed not only to j
the line staff work which brought it
The Government has commandeered
the Country's entire supply of Wool must have it
for our boys "over there."
This means economy'in woolens heretofore unknown.
Here is where the Master Cleaner can perform a real
service. Thorough cleansing at proper intervals almost
doubles the life and usefulness of any woolen garment.
Call the nearest Master Cleaner. He can keep your
new garment new or make your old ones do.
Be sure' you call a cleaner who displays the Master Cleaner emblem.
It is your guarantee of master service the service that is the need
of the hour.
Tkit advertisement is one of series being published nationally under the auspices of
this association, in the interest of better cleaning under sanitary conditions.
Th firms whose names appear below are Master
Cleanert. We urge you to give them your patronage.
National Association of i Dyers
Fullerton Building
il jm
off, but the Individual soldier himself.
It Is hot stuff."
Lacking official news of further ad
vpnres by General Pershing's troops
within the salient, the opinion that
this movement has already reached
the immediate limits It was planned
to attain gained strength among mili
tary officers.
BRITISH PRESS
JUBILANT OVER
YANK VICTORY
(Continued from Page One)
trate for its defense. While the stroke
menaces the enemy's communications
It opens the wav for other American
attacks on a still larger scale. The
enemy 'also has lost the equivalent
of two divisions in prisoners killed and
wounded."
The Dally Chronicle. says:
"General Pershing's brave troops de
serve congratulations an their very,
skillful and efficient piece of fork.'.
The United States may well be proud
of the manner in which Its ' -young-'
army comported itself In the first In
dependent offensive."
The Times records the belief that i
'be finnl return of prisoners will con-1
slderably exceed the number given In .
the official statement and says: i
"For all the allied nations the deep 1
interest in the American victory lies
not so much in its results, which are
valuable and extensive, but the fact
that a great American force has gone
Into tattle acting separately. The
Oernian nation now will begin to real
ize as !t has never yet, the overwhelm
ing and decisive character of the new
! factor which is emerging in the war.
' More was destroyed at St. Mihiel
than a German salient. General
Pershing shattered at a blow the mon
jstroua web of lies which sustained the
i pretense that the Immense weieht and
pnost illimitable resources of the
! United States would be of little or no
Isocount on the European field of war.
j He bas shown that the Americans are
! as qtick and apt to learn the art of
: n-ar ns they have been to develop thtf
I Dursuits of a peace."
POINCARE FELICITATES US.
Hy ItcvlfW I-nwil Wire
PARIS. Sept. 14 President Poin
care today telegraphed to President
Wilson his felicitations on the Amerl
nn victory at St. Mihiel. which had
freed towns and villages in Lorraine
after 'our years under enemy bond
age. The president expressed to the
and Cleaner
Saint Louis
people of the United States the ardent
thanks of France and added an expres
sion of his profound personal feelings.
WOBBLY STRIKERS FACE
PRESIDENTIAL WRATH
(By Pevlew longed Wlie)
BUTTE, Mont, Sept. 14. Striking
Industrial Workers of the World mine
workers and labor agitators of Butte
may face the same ultimatum which
President Wilson issued to strikers of
Bridgeport. Conn., and may be com
pelled to find work with an essential
war industry or be barred from em
ployment for one year, according to
federal agents here today.
More than 50 per cent of the 7f0
men who obeyed the I. W. W. order
resumed their labor this morning,
mine officials declared.
Soldiers are guarding the offices of
the Butte Bulletin, the publication al
leged by authorities to have given aid
to the I. W. W. in their attempt to
stop copper production. W. F. Dunn,
chief editorial writer and last year's
strike leader !n Butte, charged with
sedition is at liberty on $1000 bonds.
He was arraigned before iudge John
W. Doran In Justice court today, and
ontered a plea of not guilty and his
trial was set for September 20.
R. B. Smith, managing editor of the
Bulletin is (in the county. Jail, to
gether with other members of his staff,
printers and compositors.
WOOL FOR PUBLIC.
(By Review leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. Sept. 14. Stocks
of wool yarn for knitting, now in the
hands of manufacturers, wholesalers
and retailers, were released today by i
the war Industries board for sale to
the public generally .
Last month because of war demands
the sale for public use was prohib
ited, but the war demands. Including
those of the Red Cross, are now be
ing met.
INTER ALLIED MEETING
(By Review Leitced Wire)
PARIS. Sept. 14. (Havas.) The inter-allied
naval council assembled at
the ministry of marine yesterday un
der the presidency of Georges Ley
gues, the French minister of marine.
Great Britain, the United States, Italy
and Japan were represented at the
conference and the naval attaches of
the allied nations accredited to Lon
don, Paris- and Home were present.
v-2r
-a
:
n
I
-I
a
r
. ..
life Imssi m 1
WORKS
Phone 296.
INFLUENZA AT CAMP LEE
(By Review Leased Wire)
PETERSBURG, Va.. Sept. 14. Ap
pearance of an acute respiratory in
fection, similar to influenza, among
Boldlers at Camp Lee resulted today
In an order from the commandant
prohibiting any gatherings in the
camp, including those for religious
service.
CELEBRATE OUR ANTHEM
(By Review Leaned Wire)
NEW YORK. Sept. 14 While
vendors of newspaper extras cried out
tidings of the American advance in
Lorraine, 20.000 people aag the "Star
Spangled Banner" in city hall park
this afternoon. The exercises com
memorated the 104th anniversary of
the writing of the national anthem.
LAVAN IS NAMED.
(By r.rview Lvuik-4 Wire)
GREAT LAKES. III.. Sept. 14. As-
tnit Snrrpon John l.avan. known to
baseball as "Johnny" Lavan. shortstop
iviiD tne waxi-wMi-a American. n
.'i.'av '.as nnpcintei' ncnager of. the
Grcat. Lakes naval training station
team. sucoed Phil Chounlard.
fiimerly vkh the rhicaga Americans.
. v.uo. however. iU continue to rUy
witii the Jat kits' nine.
imfnnnn'i',n'
1
(J
MARINELLO
I
isexo preparation.
Amazing results.
Clrne cj!p tfw.v-
trpttoaiif. Stop fail
ing hair. Eliminates
and prevents dandruff.
Reduce oiiy condition.
Enliven growth, in
sure abundance of
lust roua. hcaithjr . heavy
hair.
McDonald's ,
Phone 305 1
i
..V
A
ti
mm
1 1 1 1 1 1 1 ' i.
uLuLuisLiitiLi
uatL
lit
I
V
: Milium
i -Ti. ?; i H: : a
1
w Ci u J I
FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 1918.
Sljc i&x&hw Daily Skus-ntt
UBLISHED EVERY DAY EXCEPT 'MONDAY BY THE
6TATE CONSOLIDATED PUBLISHING COMPANY.
CULLEN A. CAIN.....
Editor and Gciuril Manager
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
The Associated Press is exclusively entitled to the use
or republication of all news dispatches credited to 1t or
not otherwise credited to this paper and also the local
pws published herein.
All rights of republication of special dispatches herein
,ire aiso reserved.
Entered as Second Class Mail Matter at Bisbee, Arizona.
Under Act of March 8, 1879.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES, PAYABLE IN ADVANCE:
Per MontU
Three Month3 225
Six Months - n
Twelve Months
Knnriav Onr Weeklvl uer year 2.50
Sunday (Our Week!) per uuarter
75
No Subscriptions Taken for Less Than 75 Cents
At That and At That!
At that, and at that, it all lies in the
viewpoint. Some people seem to think it
is necessary to this district's further growth,
happiness and prosperity to promote class
hatred and incite feud and brew bitterness
in both politics and society. On the other
hand there are many workers and business
men and employers of labor who believe
that none of these are necessary to the dis
trict's welfare; in fact, they go further
than this, and contend that feud and fac
tion are a detriment. The late democratic
primary did not go to suit this column.
But still this column does net hold and con
tend that only horsethieves and wobblies
and anarchists arid Qerman agents voted
against , its candidates. Many readers of
this paper and pleasant acquaintences of
this column and perfectly good citizens
voted for the more radical of the candidates
cn the primarj' ballot. This column tries to
be a game, if not a graceful and happy
loser.
It is much more interested in the devel
opment and improvement of the district
than it is in politics and those who seek and
hold office for gain and. fame. It believes
that the news item that records the erec
tion of a house or the improvement of a
road or the coming of a new business firm
or the digging of a well or the development
of a mine or an increase on a payroll is a
more important item than an editorial for
or against the ambitions of a certain pilgrim
for a fat office or a robe of, vanity placed on
his shoulders by the state, On the other
hand, while this column does not pretend
to know' o-the doctrines and practices and
intentions of all the rank and file whoVoted
against its candidates last Tuesday, yet it
does know something of some of the lead
ers for whom they voted. Some of them
seem to think, according to their declara
tions, that this district would be richer and
more populous and happier and better off
in every way if every mine were shut down
and every employer of labor were driven
away and every shop door closed and bolt
ed from both the inside and the out. And
they have even pledged themselves to un
dertake, in a general way, to bring these
things to pass..
Sounds pretty raw, doesn't it, when pre
sented in thi3 way? You didn't mean it
in that way? Well, maybe not, but from
the way you talked to the more radical of
your friends before election these were the
natural conclusions to be drawn. This
comes from radicalism. These dangers to
a community emerge from the broth of an
intense and bitter political feud heated
under the (ire of a class hatred that is fann
ed by both thoughtless and vicious men of
the leaders and the rank and file. Thus are
the bad results of a too intense partisianship
engendered and nurtured, and the district
as a whole must suffer the most. The in
dividual who talks the most and who has
most to do with stirring up trouble gener
ally ha3 the least to lose. His followers
must suffer as well as his opponents, even
in the event of his victory at the polls. If
all who voted for Colter are not wobblies.
neither are all who voted for Sutter1 im
placable enemies of labor and union labor.
The trouble is, we get all worked up over
a political campaign and go to extremes.
To the man who clings to the happy me
dium the extremist always looks either
silly or dangerous, and often he is a com
bination of both. The real friends of labor
who have the good of labor at heart seek
not to make war on all things except labor,
and the real friends of progress and devel
opment and humanity in general desire
good and net evil for the workman whose
arm must be depended upon to make these
things possible. But there must also be
fteam, cranes and shovels and railroads and
vast expenditures of money and great or
ganizations to multiply the might of the
workman's arm. And yet to hear some
radical rave, there is more money for the
district in wolf pelts and mesquite blossoms
than there is in mining copper. No, he may
not mean it, but that's the way he talks,
and his words promote strife and do the
disitrct harm.
This column has no quarrel with any
man who ha3 the welfare of the district
and its growth and prosperity at heart. In
dustry, and not politics, builds states and
makes them great. And faction and feud
are the greatest enemies industry has in the
world today. The men who promote them,
whether employer or employe or politician,
should have neither listeners, readers or followers.
It is impossible right now to estimate
the advantages and future strategic value
I of the cutting off of the St. Mihiel salient
by Pershing's army. A glance at the map
shows that this terrible thrust right into the
allied lines enveloped the famous fortress
of Verdun in its shadows. As long as the
Germans held St. Mihiel the allies must be
compelled to hold immense bodies of picked
troops between it and their priceless Ver
dun. But now, with friends from across
the sea holding ithis rockbound: bristling
height, the flower of the French armies,
divisions numbering more than one hun
dred thousand men, are free to turn and
strike in full force and with light hearts at
the Hun north of Verdun and all the way
northeast to Rheims. It means also that
now the hardpressed German command has
vno so-called quiet sectors along the three
hundred miles of line. He has the Ameri
cans along seventy miles of the southern
sector to fear as much as he has the British
at Arras or the French t St. Quentin. It
means that he must send reserves to the
southern end of the line instead of draw
ing reserves from there to save his hard
pressed positions to the northward. With
St. Mihiel torn from his line and leaving
a bloody, gaping wound, the German must
face the next ten days of the struggle in
desperation bordering on despair. He must
either retreat to the Meuse line or stand and
fight the greatest battle of the war. And he
cannot afford to do either right now. He
is between the devil of the allies wrath and
the deep sea of his own people's waning
morale.
While rejoicing over St. Mihiel and the
victories before Cambrai and LaFere, let u
not expect too much. The German is still
full of fisht. If defeat has broker, the Ger
man soldier's morale, ' as claimed on all
hands, it i3 not noticeable to any extent on
the battle line. The Hun is fighting desper
ately and skillfully in retreat. The unend
ing succession of defeats has hurt his mor
ale and lowered it, but it is not yet broken.
In taking St. Mihiel the Americans took a
position that threatened .the allies, not j
position from which they can threaten the
Germans. Not until we take Metz will we
really threaten the German lines in Lor
raine with disaster. Not until the English
have taken Douai and Lens and Cambrai
will they have really delivered a staggering
blow in the north. Not until the French
take LaFere and Laon will they have struck
home against their bloody enemies. We
have just reached the point all along the line
from which to deliver the punch that will
bring real results. Up to this time Foch
has maneuvered and feinted and poked and
jammed and dazzled and walloped and up
per cut the Prussian until he is in a bad
way. But he has not yet let loose that sav
age punch for the jaw that carries the
weight cf the body behind it and lands sol
idly and dazes the opponent and makes him
hold on to avoid punishment and sends him
to his corner groggy and helpless with most
of the fight knocked out of him-. It is the
real beginning that we face now, not even
the middle cf the bout, to say nothing of the
end.
President Wilson spoke yesterday regard
ing strikes and piffling, in .a voice loud
enough for both labor and capital to hear
and plain enough for them to understand.
The president's patience with the selfish
and unpatriotic striker and the employer
who places greed and pride above his coun
try's welfare is exhausted. He has issued
an ultimatum to both of them, and public
sentiment will back him to the limit in the
matter.
"We withdrew from the salient unmo
lested," announces Berlin, in telling the
German people of the disaster at St. Mihiel.
What docs Berlin mean, "unmolested?"
The Germans lost thirteen thousand pris
oners and hundreds of cannon and count
less machine guns and stores and muni
tions and war plunder when they rushed
pell mcll out of that death trap that the
Americans sprung so quickly on them.
What You Should Pay
In Local Market for Food
Administrator's Weekly Report on Fair Prices in Warren District far Week;
Ending September 21, 1918
Commodity:
Low
Price
i Wheat flour, per 116 bhl. bag
! ii ?i,: ihu i ' t 7
Wheat flour (hulk) per lb US
Barley flrur, per 1-16 bbl. bag
(12U lbs.) 90
Barley flour, ibulk) per lb 07
Rye flour, per 1-16 bbl. bag
(12VI lbs.) SO
Rye flour, (bulk) per lb 06
Rice flour, (bulk) per lb 10'i
Cornnieal, (bulk) per lb 06'4
Victory Bread (price per loaf) 16 oz. .10
Victory Dread (twin loaf) 24 oz 16
Oatmeal or Rolled Oats, (package)
per lb . o'JV
Rice, unbroken, standard quality,
per lb 12V4
Hominy cr Hominy Grits, per lb 12
Sugar, Granulated, (bulk) per lb OK'i
Deans, (pink) per lb 10
P.eans, (navy) per lb 15'4
Peans. (lima) per lb 16
Potatoes, (white or Irish) per lb 04
Onions, per lb 03
Raisins, (seeded) per 16 oz. pkg 10
Prunes. (60-70s), per lb V 10'Si
Canned Tomatoes, (standard gj-ade)
per 20 oz. i No. 2) ran '. 08
Canned Tomatoes, (standard grade)
per (No. 2!4)-can 11
Canned Corn (standard grade) per
20 oz. (No. 2) can .12'
Canned Peas (standard grade) per
20 oz. I No. 2) can 12
Canned Salmon (tall pink Alaska)
per 16 oz. (No. 1) can 14 Vs
Canned Salmon, (tall red Alaska)
per 16 oz. (No. 1) can .25
Evaporated Milk (unsweetened)
per fi oz. can p03
Evaporated Milk, (unsweetened)
per 16 oz. can 11
Butter, per ,1b 52
Eggs, (fresh ranch) per doz 60
Cheese, (New York or local) per lb 3:5
Lard, (pure Leaf) bulk, per lb. .30
Lard, (pure Leaf in tins) per 3-lb. pail .SO
Lard, (pure Leaf in tins) per 5-lb. pail 1.34
Lard Substitute, (bulk) per lb 26
Bacon, (sliced) fanc,y grade, per lb.. .50
Ham, (smoked, sliced) fancy grade
per ib 34
Round Steak, per lb 274
Hens, (dressed, not drawn) per lb 33
Fish, per lb is
Pays Consumer Should Pay
Uifh Low High
Price Pries Price
$ .79 $ .sr. .S3
.06 '4. .07 'i .07',i
.93 1.00 1.10
.07 Vi .09 , .09
.81 .S3 .90
.06 .07 .07
.10 .114 .12
.06' .07 Vi .08
.10 .124 .12V4
.16 .20 ' .20
.09 .12 .12
.12-4 .15 .17
.12 .14 " .16
.OS .09 .09 4
lOMs .12 .124
.15 .20 .20
.16 .20 .20
.04 U .04 .05
.03 j .05 .06'i
.ll'i .15 .16
.10 .14 .15
.09 .UM .12
13 .14 .nv2
.15 .15 .17Vi
.15 .15 .nv.
.14 .17 .20
.27 .30 .23
.06 .06 'i .07'
.12 .14 .15
.58 .58 .64
.67 .63 .75
.34 .40 .40
.31 .32 .34
.S3 .93 .95
14 1.53 1.65
.27 .29 .30
.51 .70 , .70
.35 .50 .50
.28 .30 .35
.34 .38 .39
. .18 .25 .25
$ By GillenAV(aingS
A LITTLE LINE OF MEN
Just a body of some fifty to sixty War
ren district business and working men
went' assembled to sign for war. Never a
1 iiiougni or suggestion 01 even pru
; test could the newspaper man detect
in any face he studied in the arren
drug store that morning.
1 Here we are: use us if you will: if
In each
When the newspaper man
over to the Wbrren Drug store the
other day to register for the new
dralt, he found about fifty citizens of.
his home town lined up waiting to get
their green cards. Looking at the nQt we wm t(j
Doys cr eigmeen a.m to and eye could be read these word,
line, the newspaper man leu 01a; iook- f minted natre
! In the center of the semi-circle, sit-
i tin? at e. aoda table were two llrtla
these latter looked as though they,,. , . ,.., ,,
might have fought under Sherman and uj,'a rjbbon , her IonR b Jock3
Grant and Stonewall Jackson and Lee,; Th Hor.t little .
ing at the men from thirty-two
forty-five, he felt young. Some
in '61. And so he hailed this line
i could hope to see. Their gay and smil-
m.u.e. u.u a;;" i--F' -. Ing faces were turned eagerly and
ing te a friend to ask him If he had , curiously towards the llne of waltta.
fought In the battle of Gettysburg.
"No," was fie reply, "but 1 fought
men. These were apples of gold in a
stern frame. And the men looked at
at Huii Run, and 111 fight there againthe(le babygirl8 with aoftened gaxe
if they take you in this draft.
' and a breaking of the set lines at the
K. C. CAMPPKLI
Deputy County Food Administrator.
1 Vi npvrananpr man trtrttr hta ntfif ... ...
'-""k-k- " corners 01 me mourn, nut mere were
in the line without further comment. no mock nerolcs; no sighg or a ming
But he could not retrain from study- ot the eye8 tol nad a rather ,n
Ins the faces of the men in the deep the line but that fac, made no dirfer.
semi-circle that pressed forward to the ence eilher ,oihe lot or father. To
itsinirais. ncie s tte little girls it was a funny show.
of the reserves that Uncle Sam is call
lag now to end the war. Here was t'le
all these big men waiting so loDg in
this line. And to the father it was
material to form tlie hammer head fot 1 glmpiy a cati duty mtfBt be an.
tne last sitokc 01 ine war. uniy our, swered m tha interest cf all things
or two beys stood in the line. Most good and dear to the pre8ent an)i lne
of the men were close to and beyond futUre also. No one in tbe line seem
the forties. No adventurers here, or, ed to be Uiinking of the price or the
hct bloods or eager young apprentices.; sacrifice; on the contrary, all seemed
to the splendid trade of war. But seri-: t0 have pretty well accepted the whole
ous. middle aged men deeply engross-, lhing a a necefl.ty and were resolved
cd in their trad, profession and work, t0 KO cn tnrough wttA it , a regUiar,
after long years cf preparation andireB0iuo way without playing to the
struggle. Men of family and fireside. , grandstand or without underestimat
Men with lined faces and firm mouths, inK the seriousness of it alL
and serious eyes. How do they take Just a line of men in a drug gtore
this call from the government to reg-: waiting to sign a card. Just two laugh
ister subject to call to active service in lng kiddies in the middle of the line;
a foreign war? Men of Irish, German. ju8t the streaming sunlight on the
Swedish. Finnish. French and Ev.g-1 street and tha clang of a street cat
lish descent were all represented iniand thf gutter of a passing auto
tile line. Men In white collars and mobile. But this little scene was a
well fitting serge coats and ccllarless part of the massing of the entire re-
und ccatless men.
And the newspaper
man saw the
public for a death struggle in a world
war. These fifty men were onlv a
strength and glory of the Republic in Dart 0f thirteen million men Thu l-
this line: net in its mere presence to tie line was only a section of a line
answer tne summons, bu, 111 tlie lace, jve thousand mile long and two
, gesture, speech, glance, demeanor, tem- thousand miles wide.
per of the liue. These men were neith- ncy diddle, diddle. If only the
y.vr sullen nor doubtful nor defiant nor kaiser and hi8 ferret faced son in Ber-
ji flippant, nor boastful. They wore thejr in could have been given tfl see all of
j ordinary, everyday expression. They tlal line! f fierce old Von Hindy an1
tmirht ':avo been waiting their turn L,uiv. the crafty one. could only have
at a box ofti.e ar a store counter cr a scen it. Thus thought the newspaper
pay window or a state fair gate. For man as he ambled up to the man with
fjthrni it was all in the day's work, the card and the questions and the
I lnpy na" nppn vuiva Dy tneir own bottle of Ink and the pen. Ah. that
government and they were here. That Den! A little thine beside th kaiser
The top sergeant of a field hospital' '! LaHIJ?0 t "'"f !" i biR ?wonl- .But il 8ned thir-
was tenderly straightening out the pa ! k" . " .C: u L Til. . lt l n . "."on men. m one oa3r to Pur'
He will plant hinwelf upon a mortal's pers-clipplJ)Ps. letters, photographs-! J" V hesitation no hif fV.;;' F.V . 0Ug" l "
.that hart hrnn fnnnrl ir tha nnlrof, nt . " o w a nwu. ...
, - , ... .v- " nwva
Fragments From the Front
FRCM THE STARTS AND STRIPES
Published "Somewhere in France''
(From the Stars and Stripes, pub- mask bag as a mail bag any more.
itsiieu somewhere in FTance.
With a manner quite invidious
And an attitude insidious
frame.
And with light gimlet, pike and augur a marine, from lliiladelphia who had ' exigencies . of war w.il permit. He-ly if they are of peculiar shano make
two-mark note.
-no.
And the canthock of a logger.
He will do his best to viscerate on
maim.
Since the days of ancient Rony?,
The human body's been liis home,
A sort of perennial sacred niche;
And he chuckles with great pleasure
As you dance the cootie measure.
To the gleeful time of his eternal itch.
He dotes on Yank'nlid French.
And the FJnglish in the trench;
He cares not for the permanent
location: f
Put when he finds a human
All his friends and he start roomin'
And establish a splendid habitation.
And when it seems that coals of fira
And that flaming darts aspire
To seek an inlet to your vry heart,
Stop your scratrhln just to reason
That this is cootie season..
And your body's now a busy ccotie A batch of German prisoners was
mart. I being marched along the road under
. convoy of a sergeant. They swung
"Say," said an infantryman, "do you ' VZ?A little audience of Yanks,
want to hear about the worst piece of", Hcl10, bo'' eMo "? f. lc s'eP:
ouUMM.ick that ever happened in the ful captives in regular hngl.sh And
A K P? A t.al nf mine went Inln I1"" lu ""3 ""- " J""
the fight wth 2000 francs in his
pocket you know.
"Now he's reported missing."
aieu irem nis wouncis on nis way toaniwas one of those "sleek-hes.tpd inra:,-j i.,,i,.i, k v.i
evacuation hos pi a! I see ie got; and such as sleep o' nights." and . which shows up well in the moonlight
his man first, said the op. and show-; straightway Jie began to look around can bye quickly identified on th. map.
ed among the papers there a muddy; for a bed. In a barn he found the Durine the liirht neriorf most of the
village hearse, which by some over , long raids of the squadron are car
sight had not been evacuated. And ' ried out. The Dark period, the moon
there he lies nightly. . j less nights, i8 a much less active time.
Somebody else liked the idea and 1 Flying is then done chiefly by the aid
tried to bunk on the roof. Hut the 'of a compass, but on clear starlit
hearse wouldn't stand it. It threat- nights on targets such as factories
ened to collapse all over the sergeant,1 with chimneys or - blast furnaces
for
ay be carried out satisfactor-
"Major. eri I mean Colonel!
pardon nie, major
You really can't tell the difference
after the major or the lieutenant col
onel has been hiking a few kilometers
along the dusty roads away np be-j and after a council of war it was de-: whose glow lights op the sky
yond the sprinkling cart zone. Thejcided the hearse had been constructed miles, may be carried out satisfac
gold leaves and the silver leaves lose Ion a one-man basis and ought to stayiily. On a still night a compass course
that way. can be flown quite accurately, but
Ill's very comfortable." said tiie , unfortunately there are comparatively
sergeant, ""And if they ever shell the1 few nights on which the wind remains
barn, here I am, all ready for 'em."
al! their glint and glamour beneath a
coat of gray-brown dust. So It is per
fectly permissible to make mistakes.
If yen are wise you will say colonel.
If it is a lieutenant colonel, you're
right, and if it's a major it makes
hitn feel good.
as gleefully, "It's hell up there!"
An ancient French schoolhouse, de
serted in the flight of the villagers.
A lean young infantryman hurried
across France with his regiment, was
flung into a fight near Chateau Thier
MOON IN CONTROL
OF AERIAL RAIDS
constant. It either changes In veloc
ity or direction, and In the air It is
diffirult to distinguish these changes.
A machine is very likIy to be blown
.cut of its course several miles with-
out the pilot's knowledge. Therefore
thus the risk of pilots completely los
ing their bearings'is minimized. Often
two or three short raids are carrit-d
out in one night.
ry with scanty, sleep and short ra- attended by fine .ather, great aerial
BEHIND BRITISH LINKS IN
FRANCE. Aug. 30 (Correspondence of i
th! Associated Press.) The working I
month of a Night Bombing Squadron i
in France is divided into two periods
which are known as the Light and
The Light period covers the moon- UAVF nKTRflYFIl MIIHU
lit half of the month. Should it be jniL UkWIIIVmU lilWUII
AIR RAID SHOWN TO
ii.M.o. wi-iii nri .nu in..- in activity nrevai s. I'ractica v anv
i uavp nf assnnl, pmpr?pri from a mix- -..t.i .C... i ... .i '.
.t, i...,i.,,,.,ri.,, . ,.r rl,.i,l .,m ' ." ' - mm iiiai is puMiiun- i uav. iaii i
was taken over by the Americans as
. uri with ft flprniMn havnnpt nn.ip tliel .... ,1 ii ... 1 : u . j .: . . ..
Ipsunn ii-fiiiit-u uui tiiuttuy at mui uur- wiu umiruciivt; t iirivi.r 01 ine nn
(Hv Review Ij-hspiI Wire)
LONDON. Sept. 14. Evidence of
could be read upon the bulletin board X 3 , B li T. c",ain tiih ",r raids upon Thionville. C.er-
hv iho Vol1, n.in,irH f-irrinri ' p miracle ev j ing t!ns penrtt fr although certain many is afforded by aerial photo-
..7, i, H,.t ,i -In ,'eTi' b,ast ih(k mururous crossfire details are not clearly visible, the es-1 graphs which have just arrived from
tl.n.ugh. and a Daudet among tl.em ()f Gcrman machiM gua and finally 1 ,.ntial features of the ground stand I France
couui rae vsoicn a ma rpce irom . ,.amp ()Ut onp of thp fpw nscratrhed) IJllt ,;iCHrly and can easily be followed.! The fir-t photograph, which was
n',..,ir.r,w JuL 11 i 1H1 ic ' Iw!'0"01 in hU P1"0011- He PIpi Th-case with which targets can be i taken during the raid on ThionviMe
' ,' "1- I ,n - dernierc the Kround doubIy tnankful lor thefound depends v,y largely on their j July 16 shows the starting of a big
. . ... , , (promise of a few moments' rest, but j geographical position. Water is th (ire caused by b.mihs, among the roll-
I
j a in;, i .i,n, i.-ni v. lwiuiKlpri lin neain in nil thp fliront i n,.ii ...;... ..- .....hi, r:..i.. ...i .... -
, ... ... ' i filial fiuiuv- li'l infill I1JIIIK. mil u.l m
... ,o i,. j- of his tirst wound. Mts race nau
And the phrase set before the pupils : UmXx,A in a bllnrn 0f nettles.
lor tneir composition exercise mat aay
the date was written on the board.
29 Mai. 191S was:
"In jour do grand vent."
They might have written it
day of the big wind."
A marine confided to the sergeant
who was dressing his wound that his
jbe J company had. at one point, swarmed
i up 10 ui i.erman ariiuery ana ibkch
!
clear moonlight night it tan Jie seen
from a great distance. Hence targ?to
situated near a river, canal or lake
present no difficulty whatever as re
gards their being found.
Railways, too, if they are in use,
ing stock to the east of the freight sta
tion. The second photograph, taken
by British airmen over te same place
on the following day shows charred
remains of several trains visible upon
the track. The freight station and
neaiby buildings have been burned
the guns. "Were you able to brinir
' ithrm back?" the doctor wanted tol easily be followed.
Don't carrv anvlhine In your cas know. -
li ask bag that doesn't belong there.! "Bring them bark? Hell, we're
That, isn't a general order, but the . cani4ng there." .
fruit of at least one man's experience.-
He had gone over the top on a pa l Vp at thp front you hear v in rouge
trol. Scmebody smelled gas; on went called by the nickname by which ev
tho masks. lie bit into it. clamped rry poilu knows it. The word pinard
his nose on tit;lit, and started to is now the best Americanese.
breathe. That is, he tried to. For,
several agonizing minutes he strug ! Two marines on the outskirts of
gled to get wind through it. , And Chateau Thierry made a dnsh at a
then he found it was a false alarm . Cerman machine gun that was com-
Thanking his stars that it .hadn't ! ing into play on their hunch. Tie
been a real attack to be endured with j first, a private, grabbed the mouth
a tafety appliance thai wa as dancer of the gun with bis hand and shoved
ous as the (jerii'an phion itself, bet it up in the air. It almost blew his
went to his lieutenant at the first op- hand into hits, but the thing he re
poriunily and toid him that the thing meineis lvt was the way his pal,
didn't, work. the cerpnral. hi'ig!ie, as he jabbed his
The lieutenant looked at it. bayonet through th lour Germans
"What's this?" he asked. 1 who were behind the gun.
I n m the siit at the base of the res
I pinitnr ho drew a postcard that had When tie division moved up to a
stin k there. , new headquarters it took along th
"Now try ii." hn sa'J it a sergeant in the Q M C. who be-
' It wotked. That mau isu't using uis iieves in being as comfortable as the
prove excellent guides, for ihe rails The original fire developed into a
shine clearly in the moonlight and can huge conflagration, which was only
Woods espec.ai-1 arrested ultimately on the river, bank.
Notice!
Willett Clark, from the Douglas'Music Co., will be
in Bisbee Monday, 15th. If your piano needs tuning,
voicing, regulating or rebuilding, this is your opportun
ity to get the highest class work obtainable. Either
phone or sec me at the Copper Queen Hotel not later
than Tuesday evening for date to look your piano over.
No charge? for that. H Hi in,?""'
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 1918.
FIVE
J " ' l!t- .,.1
it: J
frffioPi feAfl
r ii m rv "tvty l,. ., - II Ml I-'-"' r -- nr - .
r J"
TT is one thing to walk into a dependable shoe store, ask
1 for the BUCKHECHT Army Shoe, get what you ask
for, and walk out foot-happy and price-contented.
It is quite another thing to walk into a store, ask
blissfully for a pair of Army Shoes (hoping to get out
of them the comfort and wear you know are m tn.e BUCK
HECHT Army Shoe) and walk out with a pair of shoes
that are Army Shoes only in name.
All the difference in the world, isn't there? Yet
there's nothing mysterious about it. You know that
there are any number of Munspn'.Last5 Army . Shoes on
the market that no one manufacturer has the exclusive
right to the use of this famous Mast. But in one in
stance you think enough of your foot-and -body com
fort your sense of sensible economy to name the veiy
AVmy Shoe -you want. While in the other- you thr"
caution to the winds and just trust to hick..
As we say there's no midnight or invtety ijWv,
it. It's simple everything hinges upon one woul, np.r.
name: BUCKHECHT. Hence this ord ol (autirr
when you go buying your next pair of Aim-
j yr . x -y r r-r yr y; : v tt
CP'-)': : f f W?rrM Eyl.!-'
Zr- Xll X li li 11 VSn ii JUL VZ JLIZZZ
I-'-;!
ONLY in this way can you be sure of get
ting the pennymost return from your in
vestment in lasting comfort, in prac
tical, everyday wear.
You'll admit won't you? that it is Some
achievement to equip over 400,000 soldiers with
Army Shoes that stand the gaff that are
ground down by maneuver, march and counter
march and still come up smiling?
And you'll admit won't you? that it is
some achievement to equip more than a quarter
million men in civil life with Army Shoes that
have given them a new understanding of shoe
comfort that have given them more foot-ease
and mind-ease than they ever thought possible?
Yet this is the record of the BUCK
HECHT Army Shoe. It is a record of accom
plishment 'of which we are justly proud. It is
an achievement that assures the sturdy quality
of the BUCKHECHT Army Shoe-that ren
ders impossible any lowering or lessening of
quality-standards. It means that despite ris
ing costs and unprecedented conditions wrought
by the war-the BUCKHECHT Army Shoe
must measure up to its name and to the acclaim
it has received at the hands (and feet) of sol
idiers and civilians whose number is legion.
Needless to say, the specifications of the
United States Army are rigidly followed in the
making of the BUCKHECHT Army Shoe.
You- get the sturdy, prime oak outsole of the
best California tanned leather; -the soft In
dian Tan calfskin upper; the famous Munson
Last and patterns all carefully selected and in
spected and properly constructed.
That means a lot doesn't it? Perhaps more
than you think. After making over 600,000
pairs our workmen have had. the training and
experience under strict Government inspection
that are absolutely essential for the proper con
slruction of the Army Shoe.
The natural result is that thousands of men
in all walks of life business men, farmers,1
sportsmen, outdoor workers, carmen, hikers, etc
have been 'quick to recognize the vast differ
ence between the ordinary Army Shoe and the
BUCKHECHT Army Shoe. They have
come to look to the BUCKHECHT Army.
Shoe for its yielding comfort its velvety feel
its wear-resisting qualities; and, incidentally,
for the freedom from foot troubles which it en
ables them to enjoy.
Look for our trade name BUCKHECHT
woven into the pull-strap of every BUCK
HECHT Army Shoe. It is more than a mere
trademark. It is a guarantee of quality a sym
bol of service a pledge that the BUCK
HECHT Army Shoe will give you the service
and comfort and satisfaction you have a right
to expect
Your dealer has it or can get it for you. If
not order direct from us.
UCKINGHAM
HECHT
Established in the early fifties
Manufacturers San Francisco
Get in line NOW for the Fourth Liberty Loan. Uncle Sam needt money to "carry on" to press on to Vic
tory And he looks to every one of u for the help we can and must give! See that you do your share and
more. See that you help furnish the sinews of war. See that you buy all the Liberty Bonds you can.
BUCKHECHT Shoes are sold by principal dealers in Bisbee and elsewhere in
Arizona. If your dealer is not supplied, send his name and your order to
Buckingham & Hecht direct.
EVERY man who demands comfort. and serv
ice' from his shoes will find that this is the
shoe for him. Bear in mind that there h a Mun
ion Last Shoe for every purpose. For example:
the business man can have as"dressy'a shoe as
he would wish for. t . The miner will find a
"trench" model built to meet his special needs.
The farmer will find just the acid-and-wear-.roofshoe
he needs 'round the farm; and so on!
A model shoe for every man that's what the
BUCKHECHT A rmyShoe offers business men,
professional men, hirers, miners, farmers, carmen,
railroad men and men in every wal of life!
MEN'S SIXES
m
I
7:: v '-y-.isjl l
' ' -. .. :".. -fife
BLACK
GM-METAL
and
INDIAN
TAN
F
J-
I -
L--: .. ,j . v
. . . S.
''' ' jr." . ',,'11 Jt
tA; ' :-; V ., ; .. . ;'t r,:- J
TO
00.
AT DEALERS
POSTPAID
. 1
-
. .- a.t-v- -
t - vfiv! Miff l ..
SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 1918.
U. S. Army and Marine
Casualty List Day by Day
The Review is in receipt of casualty list as they are issued by the
war department to The Associated Press. Owing to a lack of space, it has
been determined to' publish only the complete list of those killed or miss
ing and a regional list of wounded, Including Arizona, New Mexico and
Texas.
KILLED IN ACTION
Lieutenants
James D. D. Burns, New York.
Harry Augustus Kroeger, Atlanta,
Ga.
Sgt, Carl S. Carlson, Bristol, Conn.
Corporals
Ernest A. Demuerre, Toronto, Can
ada. Stanley Moroiik, Detroit, Mich.
Morris L. Payne, Maringo. Va.
' William F. Fountain, Manchester,
N. H.
Private
Luciano Billanueza, Brownsville,
Texas. "
Henry S. Campbell, Osage, Iowa.
Adolph Coolack, Providence, R. I.
Jno. Docrr, Barnes, Kaa.
Oliver Hall, Turner, Mich.
John Hawks, Snohomish. Wash.
Herman J. Kolkana, Portland, Ore.
Joseph B. Libertas, Detroit, Mich.
John Mavfos, Boston, Mass.
Jinlio Merlini, South Poriti, Italy.
Nicolia Pagnani, Campoli Appem-
merlo, Casterta, Italy.
Elmer L. Parker, Kalispell, Mont.
William Conrad Schleiger, New Bri
tain, Conn.
James Seir, Augustine, Genoa, Italy.
Earnest G. Sherman, Wilbur, Mich.
X. M. Tomlinson, South Portland,
Ore.
Frank Peter Glenn, Philadelphia.
Clifford C. Glover, Keenan, W. Va.
Russell S. Moore, Emaus, Pa.
Ralph Oepen, Chicago.
Nick T. Tasson, Delright, Mich.
Benedick Wiecha, Fitchburg, Mass.
DIED OF WOUNDS
Lieutenants
Harry W. Fenlon, Rhinelander,
Wis.
Harry C. Hill. Pittstown, Pa.
, Corporals
John H. Johansen, Davenport, la.
Robert Race, Pittsburg, Pa.
Privates
Felix Dinkin, Meyers Mills, S. C.
John J. Dublinskie, Sbamokin, Pa.
Henry S. Fisher, Hastings, Neb.
Clark Hall, Harlan, Ky.
Harry A. Keltz, Latrobe. Pa.
Ma,cacej Kowalski. TJhicopee, Mass.
Tilden Parks, Danville, Ky.
Howard A. VanWagner, Locust
Tille, N. Y.
DIED OF DISEASE
Privates
John T. McCoy, Cumberland, Md.
Oravil H. Merrill, Evanlake, Idaho.
Ernest L. Simpson, Guthie, Okla.
John W. Stanley, Sontag, Va.
Walter Nix, Monticello, Ga.
DIEO FROM ACCIDENTS AND
OTHER CAUSES
CpL Alva Olson, Hartington, Neb.
WOUNDED SEVERELY IN ACTION
Sergeant
Thomas H. Strong, Pontotoc, Tex.
. Joe Shamard, Thrall, Tex.
MISSING IN ACTION
Lieutenants
Lyman E. Case, Lamoni, Iowa.
John P. Gaines, Bay City, Tex.
Corporals
John A. Aulback, New York.
Ruel M. Bond, Corvallis, Ore.
Alphonse F. Harter, Bellsport, Wis.
Edwin Luti, Reading, Pa."
. Thos C. Reed, Philadelphia.
Arch C. Wright, Montevideo, Minn.
Jno. H. Dalton, South oBston, Mass.
Louis P. Nelson, Philadelphia.
Buglers
William Wayne D. Selvey, Harris
burg. Pa.
James Lynch, New Haven, Conn.
Frank Rossell, Melfi, Italy.
Wagoner Michael Francis Lucey,
Philadelphia.
1 Privates
Velmer Aaron, Columbia, Ky.
Ralph Anderson, Seattle, Wash.
Jacob B. Baker, Eastman, Ga.
Tobias S. Bartch, Columbia, Pa.
Fred Bauer, Unionville, Conn. t
Announcing
Another concert by the popular
First Cavalry
"JAZZ" Orchestra
E3
at
"The Palms"
this evening, commencing at
7:30.
For superior ice cream, thirst
quenching drinks and quality
candies, always visit "THE
PALMS."
3
"The Palms"
r 1 k.
Main Street Bisbee -
Donald A. Bennett, Ida Falls, Idaho.
James W. Bentley, Gadsden, Ala.
Richard S. Blackburn, Deeville,
Tenn.
Vincent Bomente, Bristol, Pa.
Peter Bourgett, Seattle, Wash.
Eugene F. Boyle, Fargo. N. D.
Walter J. Brown, Lansdale, Pa.
Michael Chicka, Westmoreland Co.,
Pa.
Christian W. Christiansen, Epplng,
N. D.
Leary Clifton, Freepoint, Fla.
Herman L. Coffman, Providence,
S. C.
Tillet Crawford, Denaud, Fla.
Herchell K. Crosby. Stark. Fla.
. Reid S. Crump, Berlin, Wis.
Frank Cullen, New Bedford, Mass.
James J. Daly, Philadelphia.
Paul Melvin Donson. Carlyle, Pa.
Stanley N. Duscoy, Moosiech, Pa.
Joseph C. Durso. Cambridge, Mass.
Jno. Fraso, Southington, Conn.
Leo J. Adams, Parrisville, N. D.
NElroy H. Barton, Center, Queens
Co., New Brunswick, Canada.
Henry L. Beaucbesne, Lowell, Mass.
William H. Bellows. Sacramento,
Cal.
Hugo W. Boettcher, Monroe, Wash.
David W. Brattstrom, Seattle,
Wash.
Jno. J. Collins, New Haven. Conn.
Edward Como, Seattle, Wash.
Dominick Conti, New York.
Howard J. Dailey, Scottsburg, Ind.
Sam Dickinson, OakhilL Fla.
Albert A. Edwards, Qulncy,' Fla.
Donald G. Freeman, Mulberry, Fla.
George Genneraad, Tyl Onde, Bredt
Tyl Vriesland, Neth.
William Golden, Pittstown, Pa.
Leon L. Hanson, Salem, Ore.
Grover C. Inlow, Iuka, Miss.
Stephen Jona, Jr., Hartford, Conn.
Irvin J. Kaiser, Louisville, Ky.
John F. Kennedy, South Boston,
Mass.
Benjamin F. Kinnon, Mil wood, Ga.
John McCoach, Minersville, Pa.
Paul Jesse Manross, Butler, P4.
Joe Marlow, Herrin, 111.
Michele Martone, New Haven,
Conn.
Harry Martin Mattson, San Fran
cisco, Calif.
Frank Maturas, Tariffville, Conn.
Hurts Myers, Chicago.
Augusta A. Mitchon, Schulenberg,
Text
Lee R. Labors, Caddo, Okla.
Nathan Theodore Nesselson, Brad
ford, Pa.
Edward JI- O'Conner, Farnace, Fay
ette Co.. Pa.
Thomas Odea, Boston, Mass.
William Powers, Bertrand, Neb.
John Rici, Milford, Conn.
Grover C. Root, Clam Falls, Wis.
George F. Scbloetzer, Detroit, Mich.
Russell L. Shannon, Lansford, Pa.
Richard R. Siewert, Brant, Mich.
Frank Sieninskie, Portcarbon, Pa.
Charles F. Sciser, Deep River,
Conn.
Ronie M. Stacks, College Park. Ga.
Alexander C. .Stone, Columbia. Pa.
Howard E. Sweeney, Richmond, VL
Edward J. Weber, Syracuse, N. Y.
Lauren W. Weller, San Francisco,
Calit
Thomas White, jr.. New Haven,
Conn. .
Abner G. English, Tallahassee, Fla.
Thomas R. Fowler, Rainier, Ore.
Ercell F. Girard, Seattle, Wash.
Augustus C. Goodwin. Philadelphia.
Edward Hoffman, Sandy, Ore,
Carl Josephon. Ambrose, N. D.
Willard S. King, Iliad,- Mont;
Ward O. Lawrence, Carrsville, Ky.
William J. Men ten, McKeesport, Pa.
Henry J. Menten, McKeesport, Pa.
Henry, J. Millwood, Flowery Branch,
Ga.
Edgar G. Jloulton, Conrad, Mont.
Joseph Mullen, Marshall, 111.
Krebs Issues Call
For Volunteers to
Work Upon Cards
. I would like to have about 150
ladles and men who are good pen
men and can spare the time, to
meet me at the Y. M. C. A. Wed
nesday at 1 p. m., to assist in
copying and comparing registra
tion cards. With a force of 150
this work can be done in ten
hours, but with' the force of four
that I now have this will take
about 3S0 hours.
RAY B. KREBS.
JERRY CAMPBELL
FOUND DEAD IN HIS
ROOM AT HOTEL
Cerry Campbell, the popular mixolo
gist, who has been holding forth at
the Copper Queen hotel for a number
of years, and who has been a resident
of Cochise county for about twenty
years, was found dead in his room at
the Copper Queen hotel 'yesterday
morning about 10 o'clock.
Jerry has not been in the best of
health for the past year, and during
that past week has been suffering con
siderably. He went to bed Friday
night about 12 o'clock and was not
seen again alive by anyone. Yester
day moruing when lie was called there
was no response, and the door was
forced open, and Jerry was found ly
ing crossways of the bed. Dr. Nason
was called and made an examination
and it wu his theory that he had been
dead for several hours. He gave the
cause of his death as apoplexy.
He was about 60 years of age and
was quite well known in Cochise coun
ty and throughout the state. He was
a great friend of the traveling men
and will -fee missed by them on their
visits to ,the Copper Queen hotel.
Jerry was a good, wholesouled fel
low and was well liked by all who
knew him, and was his own worse en
emy. He has relatives living in Penn
sylvania, who have been notified of
his death, and pending word from
them no arrangements have been
made for his funeral. The remains
are being held at the Hennessey un
dertaking parlors.
ASKED TO HOLD UP
SOLDIERS' BUNDLES
(Rr Bp view teased virwj
DALLAS, Tex., Sept. 14. A strange
procession of canvas-covered wagons,
drawn by mules, for more than a
month has been creeping out of west
Texas with farmers and ranchers who
have despaired of trying to make a
livlihood on the land that has been
parched under a blazing sun and has
seen virtually no rain for thirty-six
months.
The emigrants from this particular
section have turned their faces to
ward the cotton fields of eastern Tex
as and Oklahoma, where work 'for all
can easily be obtained. In some parts
of thew"est Texas district, dusk finds
as many as a dozen of these emigrant
camps in a single mile.
From the Panhandle and the north
ern section of the state come reports
that similar caravans, reminiscent of
half a century ago, mark the exodus
of farmers from those districts who
are moving toward Colorado and
farther 'West.
The war, has played Its part with
the departing homesteader, but lack
of rain has been the real factor. Most
of the settlers have been on land rent
ed from the state. Some have spent
years of labor building up their herds
and others have been - working the
land into a profitable state of culti
vation. But the drought came and the cattle
died in numbers and those that did
not die were too weak to bear young.
Livestock men . said the calf crop in
west Texas this year was a failure.
Some settlers had accumulated
enough money to travel while others
borrowed money with which to make
their departure. In many cases the
war added to the tragedy by taking
away young men whose strength
might have made it possible for farm
ers to hold on until rain came.
The country which the settlers are
leaving is that west and north of
Fort Worth and Dallas, ranging as
far west as the state boundary and
south of the Panhandle counties. In
the Panhandle there were rains in
the spring and occasional shower
later that kept grass with which to
feed the cattle.
NOTES OF-INTEREST
FROM CITY SCHOOLS
Miss Ethel Shtlliam. who has
been clerk In the oflce of the school
superintendent for the past four years
resigned her position to take effect
September 15, and Miss Lucille Wat
kins has been appointed to ber posi
tion. Miss Shllliam has been very
efficient in her work, and her resigna
tion was deeply regretted by the teach
ers. Miss Shilliam expects to go to
Douglas wfthin the next ten days and
has accepted, a position as house
keeper and home-maker for a very
worthy young man.
Crowded conditions in the Powell
school at Tintown will necessitate an
addition to that school in the very near
future. The present enrollment is
more than three teachers can take
care of with efficiency.
Block 100 of the new townslte of
Warren has been reserved for school
purposes, and no doubt a new build-j
ing will be erected there in time to
take care of the children who will,
be located in that part of Warren.
Quite a delegation of Bisbee young
people will leave for the University
of Arizona, this week. Among them
are Charles Kdmundson, John McKean,
Clark Core, Nemo Debley and Alfred
Trusctt.
Many of the teachers assisted Mr
Krebs on Thursday on the enrollment
under the draft. The teachers aro
always willing to assist in govern
ment worn.
A circular received from the depart
ment of war asks that all school
children assist in gathering peach pits
for the use cf that department. Peach
pits and the pits of other stone fruits
are emnloved in the manufacture of!
(carbon, which is used in gas masks to
neutralize the effect of mustard and
other "kulture" gasses devised by the
Germans. Everybody is urged to save
their peach pits and give them to some'
small boy to bring to the schools.
The Kedpath Lecture course will
open September 2.1 in the high school
gymnasium. The first number will
bej "A Musical Guardsman,'" TWs
course is under the auspices of the
COth Century Club, the public schools
and other organizations of the War
ren district. The price of the tickets
for the five numbers is $2.50. plus war
: tax. Committees will be out canvass
ing for the sale of tickets this week,
and it is hoped that the citizens or
the Warren district will libertlly pat
ronize the course.
Ralph Mcl ride, assistant manual
training teacher, left Saturday for
Portlands Ore., where he will enter
the employ of the ship yards. This
leaves two vacancies in the manual
training department. '
On Monday evening at C:30 o'clock
alf persons interested in night school
work are requested to meet at the
high school study room for the pur
pose of assignment to classes.
WARNS OF PEACE
fRv Review Leased Wire!
WASHINGTON, Sept. 14 Warning
against a peace that will leave Ger
many's military machine intact was
voiced in the house late today by
Representative Fess of Ohio, republi
can, who declared "we must not stop
until Germany takes her heel off the
liberties of the world wherever it Is."
The kindness of the American heirt
is to be feared, he said, adding that
his words were "without criticism of
any one."
"Four peace proposals have been
made by the Central Powers in the
last four weeks," said Mr. Fess. "Ger
many, I fear, seeing her borders aubut
to be invaded and to save herself from
Internal revolution, will throw beiself
on the mercy of the allies. My fear is
that we, in our desire for fairnass and
cut of kindness of heart, might be
willing to accept a condition that will
not reduce this autocracy." .
PROTEST TO PRESIDENT.
fPy Mevlew Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, Sept. 14 Senators
and representatives from the southern
cctton growing state, at conferences
today, named a joint committee to,
protest to President Wilson against
the fixing of prices for raw cotton. An
effort will be made to arrange for a
conference at the White house Mon
day. The meeting of the members of
congress resulted from the formal an
nouncement yesterday by the presi
dent that basio prices for the vartious
crades of cotton will be fixed if this
should be found nec;:sary r.fter the
committee to -be named by the war
industries board has completed Its in
vestigation into the general cotton
situation.
Cotton broke sharply on the ex
changes today, as a result of the pres
ident's announcement, but later there
was a considerable recovery.
BRITISH CASUALTIES
(By Review Leased Wire)
LONDON. Sept 14. Casualties
among the British forces reported for
the week ending today totalled 21,445
compared with an aggregate of 20.640
in the previous week. The casualties
were divided as follows:
Killed or died of wounds:
Officers, 563. men, 3,514.
Wounded or missing:
Officers, 1,702; men, 15.666.
GUNBOAT AT FU-CHOW.
PFKING, Monday, Sept. 9. (By The
Associated ' Press.) A Japanese de
stroyer has arrived off FurChow and
British marines have been landed at
Amcy to allay panic in those cities
due to the approach of the southern
rebel forces.
FRENCH STRIKE HARD
AT LAON FOLLOWING
GREAT YANK VICTORY
(Continued from Page Ona)
result. Before the American line
stretched across the edge of the woods
tightened it Is estimated that thou
sands escaped from the trap. Those
who did not escape were small units,
rarely greater than companies, and
never offered to fight unless encount
ered by some patrol, and even then
their resistance was slight.
The spirit of retreat had entered
that part of the German army, and
there were scores of instances where
the men, and even officers, professed
satisfaction at their capture.
Among the war- materials captured
was a long train of box cars contain'
ing a complete equipment of gas pro
jectors, and this may have had a
bearing on the failure of the Germans
to carry out a gas attack shortly be
fore the Americans Began their oper
ation. It is known that the Germans
planned such an attack at one point,
but a prisoner said ffiat the equipment
was delayed and it was decided to
postpone the attack.
BRITISH OFFICIAL
(By Review Leased Wire)
LONDON. Sept. 14. Further pro
gress has been made by the British In
the Havrincourt battle area and new
posts have been established east and
north of the village. Field Marshal
Halg reports tonight.
The statement reads:
"A hostile raid was successfully re
pulsed this morning in the Gouzeau-
court sector. In the Havrincourt sec
tor our troops have pushed forward
everywhere and established new posts
Ml J I- J
It '
Opposite Eagle
in the trench lines east and north of
the village.
"Local fighting has taken place on
both sides of La I assee canal. Out
troops have made progress and have
taken some prisoners.
"The hostile artillery has been act
ive with gas shells in the neighbor
hood of Neuvecbapelle. A raid at
tempted by the enemy last night in
this sector was driven off."
FRENCH OFFICIAL.
(By Review I -eased Wire) .
PARIS. Sept. 13 (Friday). To
night's war office statement says:
In the course of the day we mada
progiess between Savy and the Ham-
Si. Oucrtln road.
Sou'h of the AUetle river we ad-
m . .w.i f 11111 0 f tkfl TIArth ftf
am 1 u ' j 1 '.1.1 i'.i t 1 1- . -
Nnt.teiul-La-I'cssc.
"Two German cji'i.te:- at'at'ks in the
rf.gion of La Farfau and Moissy farm
were repulsed
"Near East, Sert. 12. there was live -
GOV
ly artillery actions and patrol activ- in tne meantime some Englishmen j to do-any kind of work. Six weeks
ity at numerous points fciong the front. 1 an(j Frenchmen were released and ago I took the first dose of Mayr's
' West of the Vardar rtver an enemy : others were arrested. j Wonderful Remedy and am now
at:trk :eainst -he nex rcsitioiis of MInister Tchitcherin then agreed doing all my housework besides
the British was repulsed with heavy j to Jet the entente 0fficIai8 and citizens ' looking after my chickens and milk
losses. A number of prisoners weredppart lr Maxin Litvinoff. the Bolshe-jing two cows every day. Mine has
captured. vikJ representative in London was .been a wonderful recovery." It is a
"Aviation: Br tisli nlrplanes bom- , rnviorf hi h H. ! slranle. harmless nreDaration that re
barded enemy
works in the valley 0fM
the Struma river.
ENTIRE REGIMENT TAKEN
AMERICAN HEADQUARTERS IN i diplomats. , including appendlcitia. One dose will
FRANCE. Sept. 15. An entire Ger- .orman Armour, secretary in convince or money refunded,
man regiment with its commander and; charge of the American legation at Sold by Bisbee Drug company. Lo
all the staff were captured. Vologda was arrested there and taken : well Drug company in Lowell, and
Prisoners taken were from sevon to Moscow under guard. Roger E. druggists everywhere.
divisions, namely the 13th Landwehr, Simmons, a forester connected with
the 35th Austro-Hungarion, the 10th. the American bureau of forestry and DONT FORGET
the 192nd, the 77th. the 255th and the
307th, while there were
from Landsturm units.
also some
CANADIAN CASUALTIES
Hv Review Leased Wire)
OTTAWA. Sept. 14 Today's
Can-
adian casualty list includes:
Previously reported missing, believ
ed now kilted in action: B. Eastman,
Trent. S. D.
Wounded: . ,
A. Ryan, Cotton. Texas.-
J. Slater, Fort Collins, Colo.
HOW BREAK CAME
STOCKHOLM, Sept. 13. Friday, (By
the Associated Press) Events in Rus
sia which immediately preceded the
surrender of entente allied Interests
in soviet Russia to the ministers of
neutral countries were presented to
the outside world chiefly through Hoi
shevlkl and German mediums. The
entente consuls were without com
munication with their government and
consequently, their side of the case
was not fully stated during the crucial
days of early August when conditions
became so unsettled that they decided
It was necessary to place the lives and
property of their nationals under the
protection of neutrals. The real break
began July 29, when Premier Lenlne
declared in a Moscow speech:
"We are at war with the Anglo
French imperialists."
The entente consuls asked Foreign
Minister Tchitcherin if the soviet re
gadded Itself at wr with the entintt
Announcing
THE FORMAL OPENING OF .
FRUITMANS
Fashion Shop
In its new location on Mair street, opposite the
Eagle Theater
LATEST SHOWING OF NEW FALL STYLES
Exclusive Models in
Suits, Coats, Dresses and Skirts
We are making special prices on our sample
dresses. Georgette Crepe, Jerseys, Serges and
Satins, priced from $18 to $25, regular price
from $25 to $38.
Rich textures and fabrics; wonderful shades of color.
Made to your order to meet your individual style.
Resulting in an exclusiveness nowhere else to be obtained.
Order now, when you may seiect from the entire choice
assortment. Also compare my prices with the ready-made
garments before buying.
ALTERATIONS
If you have garments that you wl$h altered to
meet the new styles, bring them to me now, as
later I probably will be too busy to do the work.
FRUITMAN'S FASHION SHOP
Theater
Main
allies and told him that Prem'er Len
ine's statement must necessarily be
regarded as a declaration of war un
less it was officially denied. After
considerable delay Tchitcherin re
plied: "The soviet government is not mak
ing war on the peoples of the allied
countries and does not recognize in
ternational law;"
On August 6 the French and British
consuls and their staffs and many,ty Ue Witt L. rooie. tne American
members of the military missions of j consul general, but were given an op
the two countries were arrested with! portunlty to leave.
about 200 British and French civilians i
including many women. On August I mTP UCD PflllO I IIP
7 the consuls and other officers were LUl LU flLll UUllU Alt U
Being unable to communicate with
their home governments and being un-
. .tint f .-.i.. A .1.11 , A onlalltal
tc.vl"11 kll 1: 1 1 11 ccuuiu liiu tuicuivj
consuls Immediately turned their af-
fairs over to the representatives off
j neutral countries and asked for their I
I passports. Later, they also asked per-j
; mission for their nationals to leave. ,
. . nmniueil now onrwIiHnnx
Finally he refused flatly to permit ' intestinal tract and allays the inflam
the British and French to ko. notwith-1 mation which causes practically all
atnnriinir tho Insistence of the neutral
carrying an American diplomatic pass-
port, was arrested in Vologda an
Don't Let Catarrh
You
Avoid Its Dangerous Stage.
There is a more serious stage of
Catarrh than the annoyance caused
by the stopped-up air passages, and
the hawking' and spitting and other
distasteful features.
The real danger comes from the
tendency of the disease to continue
its course downward until the lungs
become affected, and then dreaded
consumption is on your path. Your
own experience has taught you that
the disease cannot Le cured by
IF YOR CAR
IS FOR SALE
-List It
GWYANNE
ODOM MOTOR COMPANY, GARAGE
NACO ROAD
Small Commission Quick Results
LP
Street, Bisbee
gJQ
transferred to a Moscow prison where
he was held incommunicado two
weeks before being released. These
were the only Americans arrested be
fore the American, and Belgian party
left Moscow on August 26. Xo more
than fifty native born Americans are
left in soviet Russia. Most of these
have resided there for many years
1 and are unwilling to leave the country.
! The Americans were not ordered out
CHICKENS AGAIN
"I have had stomach trouble for
twenty years and fbr the past year
have eaten nothing but stale bread
and drank hot water. Was too weak
' movpa the catarrhal mupus from thA
stomach, liver and intestinal ailments.
The big Sunday dinner at the Eng- '
. llsh Kitchen today. 363
Drag " -
into Consumption
sprays, mnaiers, atomtiers, jellies
and other local applications.
S. S. S. has proven a most satisfac
tory remedy for Catarrh becaus it
goes direct to its source, and re
moves the germs of th disease from
tho blood Get a bottle from your
druggist today, and begin the only
logical treatment that grives real re
sults. You can obtain special medical
advice without charge by writing- to
Medical Director, 27 Swift Labora
tory, Atlanta, Ga.
With- SEVEN
. 1
NEEDS OF WAR FOR : NINE THOUSAND
MORE SKILLED LABOR i CITIZENS ARE
INTEREST CENTERS
AROUND COURSES
CHILDREN BUYING
THRIFT STAMPS AT
RATE OF $100 WEEK
Where Tom Campbell Stands
STARTS Hl-Y SCHOOL:
REGISTERED: IN HIGH Y SCHOOL
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW. SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER IS, 1918.
DIVERSITY IN COURSES AND COM- CLASSIFICATION OF MEN . WHO
PREHENSIVE SYSTEM OF IN-; REGISTERED ON LAST THURS
STRUCTION OFFERED PEOPLE ' DAY HAS BEEN COMPLETED BY
OF DISTRICT, UNDER VETERAN 1.0CAL BOARD
EDUCATOR, J. F. BOWLES ,
A veiy interesting meeting of the
educational cOiiiniiuee ot tne
c:-r:ia:y 'Ruy H.'Krebs of the C'i
iSiso c .;.iu oral;. Doaru was in me
f itv init-r ATI n uhiirt IllKillPK!!
111 1 in.. liilu ln.n. ti i tnt.iil flint Ihir.'i
night school was held last eveuinb. : y. rp ,16 t.;zcn8 0l the COUnty who
wnen ii was unanimously decided to 01M,cd t0 ttie caI1 to rcKisr. This
open the school on Monday n:gnt, bop- uumbt,r be increaSed slightly
teniber lb. Ail who are intending to yh( n the nu.bt.r of cards are recelv.
reg.ster lor any study to be given at , cd f rom outsic,o places from nlen who
cituer the high school or the l. M. C-, t.,.,im countv ag t!leir bome resl.
A. o.d.ne will meet at the high . delu.e . of the number who registered
i. .uoxiday night at 7 o cloc. Wo- , Uip tlassilk.altcn as to those wno wero
,.-,y ....I be admitted to a large num-! Amerlcan titiens shows as follows:
(. . ciasses. 'Citrons. 5,335; 4S0 who have taken
cnainuan of the educational Qut lhfir f,..st papers and 3 v01 aliens
ci luaiittee. Superintendent of tuuca-; The rostra,,,., will now be given or.
lion of Bisbee and -Educational Dnec- der nifmbPr8 and a cau wili 8oon be
tor, will be present aud the program n,a(Je for rhe men of the age of 31 to
Kir courses and assigninent of nights tQ ropor aRll be examined, and
will he arranged and announced. j their classification cards fixed, and
i he lollowiug studies have oten de- the first calI niade. u is expected that
ciaed upon: btcuograpiiy, stenoiyp- gcnle of the men who registered on the
ing, teiegiaphy, machine and lame 1Lnh be caileti for service in Oc
vtjrk. ruecuaiiical drawing, physics, tobtr
biucksmitbing. typewriting. radio ; The tolIowmK ls tDe numbpr that
buzzer worK, carpentry, chemistry as-: .islered in each precinct ln the
saying and Americanization, ihese . COURt.
studies will be taughi at the high; ' " 0
school w ith such other courses as may i "ac "
be found necessary to meet the de-1 Be nsou "Jf
marris nf thuKp niakin? nnnlicntion. i1" 1 la
glasses to be held at the V. M. C. A. ! 18bee-
building include the fallowing: Tech-, !se-
nical mining course, geology, malhe-1 L.w?J'e'
French', Spanish, civics ' and consti-j Bowie. :
i o.nH,,.. ;Buena 18
The general course to be held at ' c('n'se ,
k " tMi...,.- tourtland
luc auvmuvu uiiiuuti iioniuu(,i-Dp i, . . ,
I llouRlas, 1
CARDS ALREADY RECEIVED
SHOW THAT DIVERSITY OF
STUDIES WILL BE DEMANDED
OF NEW SECTION WHICH OP
ENS TOMORROW EVENING
645
610
251
6S4
monies .health lectures, thrift lectures,
lectures cn common law.
An innovation has been introduced
relative to all studies for the com
ing season in that all entrances ;u
classes will be free to ail er.uants,
whether members of th,e Y. VV. C. A.
or not. It is believed by the coniiuU
tee that, this will appeal , to a great
number of men and wcnicn because it
Po-J:!ap, 2
15cu;.las, 3
Do-.:pl::3, 4
Iini;l3s, 5 ......
Douglas, 6
Krr: Huacliura
Carves
Gieason
"Hfi cford
53
9o
28
543
745
95
37f
352
39ti
55
75
ISO
sr. i
. : .... , , Heiciorn a f
dees not require an additional oirt lay 1 Tu
of money in aole to secure the neces-1 , . . ,
sary education. j ()V ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; 541
I Lowell, 2 2:i5
BRIEFS WILL BE
FILED IN THE ft"' "
DAMAGE CASES pirtioviiie .
! San Simon
86
40
S5
357
fin
I West Huaehuca 11
3n
isi
139
SIMPLIFIED TYPEWRITERS
Tho matter of tl:e demurrers to the Warren
complaints filed in the superior court yyillrnx
in the Cleary-Struckmeyer daniase , ( ananea
cases against the companies of the i
d:r,trict and a number of individuals.!
was taken up' yesterday by Judge ;
Lockwo. d. The pUtintrUs were repre-!
sorted bv r'reiieiiok Stru;-kmeyer of ' (Correspondence of Associated Press)
I'hoeni-: and the interests of the de-j WASHINGTON. Aug. 12. Type
ffndent:; by Messrs. P.oss and Math-! writers, said to be of much simpler
e'.vs of iht firutnf KU in wood and Ross ; construction than American-made ma
of . this city. Short oral arguments chines, are being manufactured at
were presented by boih sides, and the j Copenhagen by a new Danish corn
matter will be submitted on briefs, j pany. Because no American machines
Both sides will furnish the courts w iMi ' are now imported and few are sent
a nLmbcr of authoriies. The court i:i- j from other countries, the company
timated that he had to go to Florence! finds a ready market for the 100 to
scon and that it would probably bo j ICQ machines it produces monthly,
three weeks or a month before the
points could be decided by him
Cardi alrcad.- in show all manner
cf questions and interest centers
k.ruurd the following studies, all ol
v-li'.ch will he provided for as claais
oeuiand them:
Leading, writing, spelling. I'nsl'sh,
arithmetic, ilpebra, geometry, trigo
nometry, art, French, Spanish, mining
course, assaying, stenography, steno
typing, radio buzzer work, telegraphy,
blacksmithlng, Americanization, Eng
lish for foreigners, geoiogy, physics,
chemistry and lectures on health,
thrift and common law.
From the above list., and others that
uiil be added, It la ph'in thai, a.iy man
rr woman can find something tj his
liking.
Mr. Howies now has his of fire in the
V building, in the room marked di
rector of education, at the landing just
off the lubby of the Y, and in order to
put men in c!ostt possible touch with
r.iiii during their leisure hours he wtll
!".ae a corner of the lobby, especially
marked for him, where men can meet
him easily. His regular office hours
were fix-.'d by the board today, anil
will be posted and published tomor
row. Everything points to a very
nood opening of the school Monday
next at 7 o'clock p." m. at the Bisbee
H' 'school.
The animated conversation taking
p'ace around ell those Spanish no
tices shows a very considerable inter
est by the Mexican people in the ad
vantages offered them. They are say
ing that if the High-Y can help them
and their wives to talk and read an
wiite as their children do in school,
rey will fill the school rooms and go
to it. Surely every man or wo-na.i
v ho lives in this free country and en
joys all its blessings anil privileges,
ought to df his best to fit himself for
joy ing all the government so freely
gives him.
FAIR STORE'S PENNY STAMP
j SALES MOUNTING STEADILY
j UPWAKD AND TIME OF ONE
' ri rp. mow RPOiiiRrn to"
HANDLE THIS DEPARTMENT
Here. '.: a f:no record made by the
Fair n!o:e and the children ol ine dis
trict in it: e sale of thrilt stamps. Some
two months ago the Fair store started
a p nuy thrnt stamp sale for the
children. The little folks took hold of
ihe plan in a manner to delight the
hearts of Messrs. Frankenburg & New
man, and the business grew unul now
one cierk is busy looking after the
stamps anc exchanging the 50-cent
bcoks of penny stamps for real thrift
stamps like the grown-ups b:iy.
Yesterday the Fair store reported
that the s;ilc of these penny stamps
N chi drrn from bo;h the store and
the schools wheer they have been
placed on sale, totals lnO a week on
u.e average for the past ten weeks.
Thus lias most practical and patri
otic plan been far-reaching and elfectr
ivo in its results. These children who
aie buying so many of these stamps
set an example for many of their lag
gin;; eiders to follow.
BROADWAY FOLLIES
RETURNS HERE FOR
K. OF C SMOKER
IS GREAT SUCCESS
The smoker given Friday night at
the Knights' of Columbus hall, in hen
cr of Sergt. Ben Kelly, who is here
cn a ten-day furlough from Camp
Kearney. Cal., was a great success.
The interesting features of the even
ing's entertainment were singing,
wrestling, three boxing matches and
a n.:nber of other athletic stunts. I
There were about 250 men present. !
The speaker of the evening was At
torney J. . Flannigan, who spoke at
s r.K length o;i the work which is be
ing do'e by the Knichts of Columbus
ftr scldiers and tailors.
A watermelon feast concluded the
entertainment, in which everyone took
ti?Tt and wished Sereeant Kelly suc
cess in whatever further duty should
be assigned to him. Sergeant Kellv
vir leavc tomorrow night for Camp
Kearney, where he will again re.?ume
his duties.
PORTO RICANS PATRIOTIC
DON'T FORGET
The big Sunday dinner at the Eng
lish Kitchen today. 3G2
Carroll Davis u;:? hem named
jivcruitendent of the live slc"k de
partment of the Northern Arizona fair,
to be he!d in I'rescott in October.
(Correspondence of Associated Press'i
SAN Jl'A.V. Porto Rico," Aug. 12.
Registered men from whom the sec
ond draft of 15.000 scldiers will be
made in September, now are appear
ing before' the local boards for exami
nation. 1
CLEVER COMEDY, GOOD MUSIC
AND PRETTY GIRLS MAKE THIS
TROUPE ONE WELL WORTH
. SEEING. SAYS OUR CRITIC AFT
ER SEEING PLAY LAST WEEK
I
1
i
ft
i
I
f'i
4
4
A SERIES OF
LITTLE TALKS ABOUT
YOUR
V : V
TEN J
GCOD OIL and grease are a lot cheaper
than repairs and new parts.
There are any number of "tumble
down" locking Fords running around
towi; that look as tho' tKey hadn't been
given a good oiling and greasing' since
they icit the salesroom.
t
The remarkable thing is that they run
-It s a great tribute to Ford effi
ciency.
at aii
But it3 a heap better plan to keep all
parts of your Ford properly lubricated.
Especially don't forget the parts that are a
little harder to get at than others. Any
-I crd. c.vncr ii mechanic enough to do
thi:: fcr himself
If yen'c! raa-cr, not du it let us do it for
you al triiall cost. lirin your herd in for
n t!:o:ou;rh greasing and oiling. Give il
a thai.ee to terve you as it is intended to.
. Mood & Bledsoe .
Phono CcG - Bbbcc
That Broadway Follies show that
held forth at the Orpheum most of
the past week is coining back Monday
night to play a return engagement in
Bisbee. This is good news to the
theatergoers here who like a show of
clean class. The Review critic was
prevented from attending the Follies
show, until its last night and hence
was unable to give it the writcup it
weil deserved.
These Follies entertainers present a
lively and clever performance clear
through. The singing is far obovc
the average and the costumes and
grace of the chorus dancers are most
pleasing. To this critic the best num
ber on the nightly bill is the trio sing
liig of the prima dona and' the two
sole male members of the company.
Tjhcy stop the orchestra and depend
upon their own class and talent to
carry the harmony over the footlights
to thejr delighted hearers. The "Joan
of Arc" song was presented in a man
ner that only tho true lover of me!
cuy and quartoUe. singing can appreci
ate. It alone is well worth the time
and the expense of spending an even
ing wi:b these Jianiwcrking and most
deserving entertainers. The manager
of the rhovv does not depend upon rag
tinin stuff imd glitter and froth alone
to carry his sl.uw across. Old sr.gs.
sweet tunes Dud real singers form a
part of l.is program. He also has a
fine orchestra that shoot classy Ja.z
mui-ic and major and minor melodj
with equal guesto and grace. Twc
real comedians add form to the musi".
This follies show is well wcrth the
coiisiileiation and the patronage of the
puhli't of the district.
The Churches
ST. JOHN'S EPISCOPAL
Sunday school, 11:45 a. m.
Morning service, 11 o'clock.
eduesday, choir practice, 7 p.
The xector has. returned from
vacation. ,
Jacob M. Whites. Rector.
m.
his
FIRST BAPTIST
Sunday school, i:45 a. iu.
We have a class for yoa.
Morning service, 11 o'clock. Theme,
"The Importance of Publfc Worship."
Preaching and song service in City
park at 5 p. m.
Junior and Senior B. Y. P. I", at 6:45
p. in. Group Nd. 3 will lead.
J veiling service. 7:45 o'clock.
Theme, "Self Consecration."
Prayer meeting Wednesday, 7:45 p.
m.. All are cordially invited to attend
these services.
H. C. Compton, Pastor.
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE SOCIETY
Chiistian Science society of bisbee
holds services every Sunday morning
at 11 o'clock ln the Odd Fellaws' hall.
Wednesday evening testimonial
meeting at S o'clock.
The public is welcome and invited
to attend.
Wubject for this morning, "Substance."
GENTRY BROTHERS
PRESENT VERY CLEAN,
CLEVER PERFORMANCE
LARG ECRCWDS SEE WILD AND
DOMESTIC ANIMALO GO
THROUGH THEIR TURNS AT
WARREN BALL PAi-fK Y 2 CiT E f
DAY; MATINEE TODAY
I
Citntrv l'n tl.:r.;' nniiua' circus pii -i
ed to I wo lare audience yestet l.iv
it the Warren bur.ebali park. and. ,t ;
:csua', was clean, cleve r and entertain
. inf. pi.riir'll.'iiv to t'le CiiM'r'-. i'li"
the.'.o tf thi ir elders who like aiM.'i'l
acts. For of animal acts Ihe s!io-.v
'onsets fly, though I here ar- ;i
few acrobats, and the c owiu; tj ;'.:
:-!i:ed ?. t to th .i'low.
There will lie but one perloi ui iiic
to.Ia.v - t m.Ttii'.ee, tt:Ttillg at li o t In; !
; thi-; ;:!;i ::u:on.
; T;-.:' iM'ii'.it lii.'f.iC t. ; ir..". v.i'h i 'i '.cv
i :-: i i:j i; J ! .:t;. il whi 'i d'm, iiiiuii-;.
ninnkicH and other lna.ts eliiit ii n -ii;st;al
ii;t i-llrm n. 'I hen tin re are
i ii:-.i(' . il'l a:iinial acts, also, to a j.l i
, 1 t i l i Ai: if llii' aniinals s'iiivv ip -
Inl traiiiin:-..
Tb" ir'-i.' pai.ni.' e..tT'i i.v n,is
! la I in si-rtuig started, not parsing
thrcufch Liibce until ab'iut uoou.
PRESBYTERIAN
S.imiay school, 'J: 15 a. m.
Morning worship, 11 o'clock. Sacra
ment of the Loi u's Supper.
Evening worship, 8 o'clock. Sermon
i topic. "Chi i.-t's idea of the Christian
I.ili.-."
Allan Krichbaum, Pastor.
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE SERVICES,
WARREN
Chiistian Science services arc held
tve:y Sunday in tin: old Warren com
pany buildirg. Tenner and Arizona
streets.
Si-rvices Sunday, September 15, :;t S
o'clock in the evening. Subject. Sub
stance." The public is welceme.
REORGANIZED CHURCH OF JESUS
CHRIST OF LATTER DAY
, SAINTS
Church opposite Warren laundry.
S::n lay r,( !ir.,I. ly a. m.
i Preaching at 11 a. i.i.
Vciiiig folk: nieetiiig ;it 6:45 p. m.
I Pr-' aching at S p. m.
I K ryii.xly welcome to ail these ser-
! vie:-:;.
e. . II. Manner Jig. Pas:;r.
I CHRISTIAN
' iti.ii- ichn il. l' a .til. I
:! -I :i!.'. sri vie?, 11 o'clock
j S.iiuon, ''lli3 I'.ihlc in hleryriay
il.i"-." I
i f vi ::i- i rrva e, 7 ;," (clcc ,-. ,
' Si r'iieu, Tcmii'::,m,-i of J.-nus," b -i
ili'I :'(, iid i f tfio "Knowi!!:; Jcu."
I Al! tire ( rd'ul'v Mivi.fl.
V.'m. '.v'Tt .-.:s. 'Parlor. ;
METHOOIST HPISCOPAt. ;
! l-'in.i.iy si iin 'l, 4."i a. m. ;
i Morning worship. II oYI k ' i!e i
; 'i"'T,bcr Hi" Lord." '
Kiworih l,'::r,ne i"t"tmg. r,:;'ai p. m ,
:ii w'r..lilp itnd Tithing" Mis. Loo-'
man, lea'ler. !
1 li-iiiiig wi.isiup. 7::".o o'cloi k I
; ' li. cipi( ,,li ip and Si ll d- Mai "
j I'l.iv r iiiectiiig. ciiin-.-il.i; , 7::!n
I o i lock.
1 C. W. H.uahman, Pastor.
There is no issue but the
war.
The people o f the United
States are waging this war.
i stand by the President.
The logical method of ad
justing labor differences is ar
bitration. I am not in sympathy with
the profiteer.
I detest the I. W. W. and
their doctrines.
s- " f fT "'
Thomas K. Campbell an announcing hi candl
dacy for governor gave out the following declara
tion of patriotic principles:
To the people of Arizona:
FIRST DUTY TO WIN WAR
There is no issue but the war.. The one duty of
every American is to win the war. Political parties
have but one duty, w hich is to win the. war. 'This
is not the president's war, it is r.ot congress' war,
but it is a war waged by the people of the I'nited
States tor the weltart and safety of America and
for the civilized world. We as a nation are pledged
to put the war through to the hilt witnout flinch
ing, until we win the peace of overwhelming vic
tory. In the words of President Wiison, we must
use "force, force to the utmost, force without jtiut
or limit, tne rigbtcaus and triumphant force which
shall make right the law of the world and cast
every seltish dominion down in the world. Thii is
our battle cry." 1 stand by the president and
support him ln his purpose to win the war at all
costs.
SUPPORT OUR MEN IN ARMS
The patriotic duty of every man and woman to
our country and Its allies demands an uninterrupted
operation ot our industries durn.g the war, and
lu tnis end capital and labor must combine to
serve the necessity which now exists and which
will exist throughout the war, tor "madniutn in
dustry that we as a nation may give our fullest
support to cur men in arms on land anu sea. It
ditferences arise between emplcywr and employe,
causing tne weakening of our industrial army in
this great war, the outcome cf which is no less ie
pendent upon .the might of our united labor at
home than upon the valor cf our sons on the teas
and battletields, the .logical method of adjustment
of these differences- is ...that of arbitration. The
Federal Government lias pioviried the means for
carrying out arbitration m this state, and this
method, therefore, should have our fullest support
and honest co-operation. ' v
OUR GREAT RESPONSIBILITY
The responsibility which rests upon both capital
and labor at this tinio is' greater than at any other
time in the history' cf j the nation. 1 am not in
sympathy with the. strike breeder and agitator who
cudeavoi'jj to create dissension between employer
I believe ii organized labor
but not in the domination of la
bor organizations by narrow,
selfish and unpatriotic leaders.
There must be no catering to
traitors.
We should punish purveyors
of enemy propaganda and ad
vocates of sabotage as felons.
Every able-bodied man should-
be compelled by law to vvor it
' some useful calling
We must run down .and
stamp .out H enemy within
our gates and crush his ally, the
I. W. W.
and employe, nor am I in sympathy with th -m-ployer
who seizes upon such conditions as con
front us today to disrupt the organization cf his
employes or to profiteer, fcoth are guilty of crim
inally hampering the nation in the prosecution f
the war.
FOR ORGANIZED LABOR
I believe in organized labor, but not in the or
ganization which permits domination bv narrow,
unpatriotic, selfish leadership which ejploin labor
for the furtherance of selfish ends at the expense
of production. The highest efficiency trust pi' vail
for tho greatest national gocd in this war period,
in which strikes and losses in output irrcvptfc jut
of dissatisfaction are more deplorable than at any
previous time in our history.
ENEMIES AT HOME
In the same spirit of loyalty I detest the I. W.
W. and their doctrine as we'.l as all others. vno
ridicule patriotism and openly cf covertly defy the
National Government and lend theinselv?4 to the
spreading of propaganda of enemy countries. They
are no less enemies of the American people than
the Germans in the trenches and every lovstl Ari
zonlan. regaralos cf political affiliation is in honor
and loyalty bound to assist in stamping them o'tt
forever. There must be no catering to traitor?. We
should have cn our statute books stringent laws fir
the punishment as felons, of all purveyors o' enemy
prcpaganda, and advocates of sabotage on our f inis
and ranges, in our mines, upon our railroads, or in
any cf our industries, whether throug'i intimidation
by word of mouth or actual deed of violence or
thrctigh sympathy. At a time when the country
needs the labor of every citizen, we should iiave upon
our statute books a stringent law "quiring every
ab!e-lh)died man to bo at work ki some u.-efil
calling.
MERICANISM FIRST
With the winning of the war. the great-sst duty
of the hour, we at home should devore ourselves
to the promotion of industi lal efficiency to the ut
most, to running down and stamping out the enemy
within our gates and to crushu his ally, ihe I. W. W.
This we owe to those who are offering themselves to
save tfs at home from the mailed fist.
Respectfully yours.
THOMAS E. CAMrr.F.lX.
NOT
In accordance with the agreement of the Warren District Auto
mobile Men's Supply association. t,o keep open every Sunday one
garage to supply tourists, we will be open today from 7:30 a. m. to
7 p. m. All desiring gasoline, accessories and supplies may secure
them between these hours.
Brophy Garage & Supply Co., Inc.- '
Tel. 199
Lowell, Arizona
TeL 193
HOW ABOUT YOUR OLD
IRE
i
1
OiV , ill fiS$ "yj H 526 -
I -T. I I"- 4 1
1 1 tT 'TI vr..
itc rauuuu l uui
Wornout
TIRES
A Hyd'j & Struck Ut tre.el
on a wornout tite taxes yo i
iit least one-third th" pru
of a new tire, an I will mafc'?
the tire repeat Ms original
nll-.ig We abuiute!y
guarantee all t'n' work.
Nothing But fhe Best Ma
ttrials fi Workmanship
HYDE &-STRACK
Experts in Tireoloyy
Johnson Addition
PHONE
S'9
REVIEW WANT ADS BRING RESULTS EIGHT
THE E1SEEE DAILY REVIEW. SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 1918.
City Briefs
Has anyone visited you? Or
have you entertained? If so, call
The Review after 6 p. m. and tell
the Society Editor, phone 39.
LEAVES FOR TEXAS.
Allen Winters left Friday liiilit for
San Antonio, Tvxas.
LEAVES FOR CALIFORNIA.
Mrs. J. H. Arnold left last night for
Los Angeles, where she will visit with
lrieuds for several weeks.
UNDELIVERED TELEGRAMS.
I The following are the undelivered
jlri-Kiains held a the Western 1'i.ion
office: J. M. Hodi-e. Reiuyio kuiz. .
iFrnads'D. Mossinau. J. (). I.yaus. Mrs.
i 3. M. pe'maii. W. U Wright. U. K.
I Daley. There is also a dath nie.-ave
I lor Mrs. W. F. Malime. j
Ia POMANCE.
I Miss Lulu Muddock is another yorn
vo!i,:;n wlicse name was put in a rom
fcrt kit. itiale by the Ked Cross and!
rent to the soldiers, to receive a post
al card frrm a lonely boy. This isjho
third lett'r that has bf-ea received ia
the district in answer to the 'enero.5
it y of the Red Cross.
iiinniiiiir Aniiinnninii
nlbnWAI bH 5d!UN
AWARDS CONTRACTS 4 ADDED ATTRACTION
it Turin nrrniin m
leTh'eate
i
TO VISIT FRIENDS.
Mr. and Mrs. K. M. Rider left Friday
night for Kansas City, where they will
visit friends tor a few weeks.
TO TAKE EXAMINATION.
Arthur Not man of the Copper Queen
BIDS ACCEPTED FOR PAVING THE
ROAD BETWEEN DOUGLAS AND
FORREST STATION AND GRAD
ING TOMBSTONE-CURTIS FLAT
ROAD
Th" Cochise
mirsion ' c:
branch of the Phelps Podge company, , ,r .... ,iir"i
and Ralph Zeismer will leave this "V-'sj,ier' llj(ls f()r
AS A GUEST.
Miss Grace Sharp of Douglas I
spending a few days in this city and
is-the guest of Miss Sarah roloff.
t-nmg for Camp Cody, .New aiexie j, I
Where they go to take examinations
for commissions in the engineers
corps. They were ordered to report
at that camp on Tuesday morning.
county highway mm
:!rdav nniming at tlie
::ir:iahv buihliiig to n S
ork and supplies on j p
V1SITIN GFRI ENDS.
Miss Lottie Brown of Douglas, is in
the city for a few days on a visit to
friends. She will return home on
Monday.
RETURN TO WORK.
.Tom Lee and Elias Summers, mill
ets at the Sacramento, have returned
trr work after being off lor two weeks
orl account of illness.
TO HIST POST.
Cpt. M. E. Cassidy returned from
California yesterday and will Ieavej
this evening for Camp Cody, New
Mexico, to report for duty. Mention of
his appointment as a captain was
made' in these columns recently. Mr.
Cassidy carries with him the best
wishes of his many friends not only
in the Warren district but throughout
the state.
WAS IN CITY.
-C. L. Cummlngs was in the city
yesterday on his way froiu Tombstone
ttf Douglas where he ill remain for
a..Iew days on a business trip.
PREACHES AT WARREN.
' The Rev. H. P. -Cory will preach at
Warren this morning at 11 o'clock and
this evening at 8. The evening sub
ject will be "Are We Ready for Vic
tory?"
WAS ON HIS WAY.
The Red Cross canteen worker. at
I Tucson, tell a good story of a face
tious citizen, wlio asked a coioreu sol
dier on a troop train if he was going
to Paris or France. "Well Ross,"
drawled the dusky trooper, "ah doan
know if we-all will touch item ports
or not; but it's betraying no military
secret ta inform you dat our destina
tion am Berlin."
LAVES FOR COAST.
J. J. Quill and family left last night
for California, where they will remain
for some time, owing 'to Mrs. Quill's
health. It is hoped that this trip will
be of some benefit to her.
HAVE RETURNED.
'Mrs. G. A. Plunkett and son, Lester,
returned from Rochester, Minn., on
Thursday, having been there for some
time, while Lester was being treated
iir the Mayo Brothers' hospital.
TO SAN FRANCISCO.
Vlrs. Fred Krigbaura will leave to
day for San Francisco to join her husband-,
who is working in the shipyards
at that city. Mrs. Krigbaum was for
merly Miss Parian Leadbetter.
HAS RESIGNED.
Miss Effie Alexander, who has been
chief telephone operator in the local
telephone office for cme time, has re
signed her position to take effect Oc
tober 1. She expects to still make
her home in the district.
COPPER QUEEN GUESTS.
Frank . Sweener, El Paso; A. Cn
d;if. St. Lpuis; S. P. Heungar. L. H.
Ricter, Portsmouth; J.-Sinde, lxs An
geles; C. H. Edgar, Nacazari; S. F.
Scott, New York; H. N. Greene, Lo?,
the nroin.s' cl hisli'iav; of : oc'ii
(cui'.ly. There were only three mem-1
bers of the commission present !
.us:;rs. J. J. Cov.Ci!. clir.fvnian; A. II.
(::ri!;ier. secr tary. and member Hairy
Clark.
There wi re a D inner r.f bids sub-
imittcd for tlo different parts of the
work. The lid for paving the road
wiih cement from Doiiulus to I he For
res: station was nct-cpled, and the bid i
of Thoohev liniK. fer grading the roa.l J
from a point about time miles beyond j
Tcmhst'Mie t CurfU Fh.ts was ac-
epted.
The bid of the phplps-DoJe com-;
pany for liirnishing the cement to be
ustd on the IJotmlts end of tlie ro-nl
was acccjtrd. The bid of Hurry K'k-
erman of Tombstone was accepted for j
furnishing the cement on the Tom'i
stc.ne Curtis Flat roads. The govcrti-
iraont now regulating the price or ce
j incut, tfiere cannot be any competition
in the bids for furnishing the cement.
The commisMoa will again advertise
for the grading of the road between
Fiisbee and Forrest sta'ion. The bi:i
will be opened in October. Tlie work
of grading the road from Douglas to
Forrest station is progressing rapidly
under Contractor Johjosn and will
soon be completed. It will ') ready
fc- the paving contractors shortly.
The commission is having consider-
ehie trouble fa getting bids within tlie
J TODAY ONLY CONTINUOUS 1 TO 11
sWS TODAY-LAST TIME TODAY-LAST TIME
if ci T d i :7's ghgj-loriusoi
I he Guy Thai s runny, in r . t9 . Kr.1 UKINo IU IHfc aiKUJM Ui IHt -Atl
i me p ) HI uUUbllMb A IVJILLIUIM
I In 2 Parts m" ) XM
$ NORMAK1D-1
l ' Star ir)J
Angeles; P. W. Wlddie, Long Beach; Jf .:. .. PS n,.,(ie at the time of the
Mr. and Mrs. R. J. Murphy, Albu- i bon(1 issliei s ths price of inaterl i'
querque, N. M.; O. F. Frth, St. Ixiuis; snd ai,or has advanced nearly 100 per
E. G. Rogers, Cananea; C. Miller, I-1 cent and in some instances much n:ie
W. Swedberg, San Francisco; J. C. j a will be pleasing news to the trav
Gleen, Cananea; A. O. Taylor, Newieing p,.biic to learn that a part of
York; J. H. Reordan, C. G. Arrey. Los the r0J(j js t0 oe paved and that the
Angeles W. A. Hawkins, EI Paso; j work is to De started at once.
Fred Lindner, Douglas. i
FUNERAL TODAY. i
The funeral services over the re-;
mains cf the late Jacob Schmidt will j
be held from the Palace undertaking
parlors this afternoon at 4 o'clock.
Reverend Krichbaum officiating. The
RETURNED HOME.
Mrs. Carrol Holmes, who has been ON WAY TO SCHOOL
visiting in this city for several weeks j Angelia and Edna Watson, daugh
with her sister, has' returned to her ters of John Watson and wife of
home in Douglas. Her husband. Cap- Cananea. were in the city last even
tain Holmes, is in France with the ine on their war to the deaf and dumb
On the 9th and loth. Johnson &
Cook shipped from the Pitchfork
ranch to Kansas City nine cars of
cattle and two carloads of calves to
Los Angeles from Willeox. They also
shipped one carload from the Monk
.... . . V. T r .. i.nnl.a T'in T 1 c tll,no
e 8i v, shipped fifteen carloads to
the district and was the master me- M k ranch
chanic for the Copper Queen company - shipment to the same
for a number of years while they oper-' . . . ,0,,oHj itv,i
ated their smelter in this city. Besides , .w: "' ZZ
his wife he leaves a sister. Mrs. LJie ; to ; this Veeh
nephews
Schmidt
Annie Baldwin, also of here.
al BucHmeuu. . " J thirty-eight carl-ads or approximately
v v; rv i uiii.ii v.iiuniuf'
up, and orders taken rugs and
quilts for those who need '.hem. About
$1,000 has been taken in since Marca
1. With the added industries the re
ceipts should be much greater.
AT THE EAGLE.
A few yeers ago Georges Polti. a
French csayi: t, wrote a book entitled
"The Thirty-six Sit ations." in which
a visit to relatives. She expects to ; family is able to both hear and talk, "e enumerated tiui lna-.o himis
leave in a dav or so for Vnniea u-hor-a ! tv i-i .rrn it, possible to invtnt in drama. As a
10th field artillery.
ON SHORT VISIT.
school at Austin, Texas. They are ac
coupanied by their father as far as El
Paso. Watson and his wife are both
Miss Blanche Merrill of St. David;; deaf arid dumb as are the two little
Is spending a few- days in this city on ' girls, w hile the bnly little boy in the
she will make her home for the pres
ent, having secured a position there.
RETURNS FROM MINNESOTA.
'refutation, E'Jgar Seiwyn
Kennedy have written
Hedging a M.Hion." the new Gold-
Iviyrt starring venicie or .-viaoei ir-
Vm s R s Af r ,o,i ' u .,. a i linand. ii. which several situations oc-
daughter MUo I.nctlo Tronhom i -ij a -....!- f ,!,ii n. , hot ; cor not lhtcd in the distinmusued
reiurnea to BisDee alter a fourteen j was always the first place raided.
way. Watson has been a resident of ,conc.nenr
rnmnpa n nnmher nf vears and has I !:r!d A. M.
lost a small fortune by the various
! bandits that have raided Cananea. He ;
months stay in Minnesota. Miss Tren
ham attended school while in Minne
sota and they enjoyed an extended
visit with relatives.
RED CROSS SHOP.
The Red Cross shop i3 still doing i
Its usual amount of business, despite ,
the! fact that donations are rather!
TO JOIN BENEDICTS. ! slow. The stock bcxes are greatly in i
F. S. Cundiff, local manager of the i reed of small things to replenisn J t0
graph company, will leave today for; waists and children's clothing. The V w"ul(J pc be n,1 ,fi
Denver, where he will be married on i business has grown wonderfully in I mcaierpo. rs iu .et um
Wednesday to a young lady of that ! the last three months. The class of ! cret more than that for it mi.-ht ttml
city. He .expects to return within a
short time tp resume his duties here.
Fienchmtn's lategory. One of tr.em.
lor i:isanto i.- li-c rrovisir-n made by
a clause in a will in "Dodging a Mil
lion." piovHM'.g the heroine with' a
rivn' 'or ii'M' sffectlons before she
even h3 a lever. What is more, the
rival is fictiticus and intended merely
keen up her suspense in. unaine
nut whrVier her lover is true to her
A Riot of Fun!
u,'if v.. i -..t-
.T MAFSFI
btar tr)
A MYSTERY DRAMA OF THRILLS, ADVENTURE,
ROMANCE, LOVE AND LAUGHTER
ALSO .
HENRY WATSON COMEDY
ADMISSION: CHILDREN, 10c; ADULTS, 15c
RESERVED SEATS, 25c
STONEMAN PLACES
RESPONSIBILITY
ON FRED COLTER
CHAIRMAN OF STATE DEMO
CRATIC COUNCIL WOULD CALL
COMMITTEE TO CONSIDER HIS
INELIGIBILITY
WILL LOCATE HERE.
nw Deonle to spoil wur ccmpc-ie e.i..e..ie ..l
an nrniiii I'liii i lull ill Liiiu'o. i"""
be said. r'""er
It may
rHOHXIX, Ariz., Sept. 14 Rqspon
ibility for the democratic party hav
ng a candidate for governor in the
vltction in November is placed direct
ly up to Fred T. Colter by Georte J.
Stoneman, chairman of the democrat
ic i;tate central committee, in a let
:er which the chairman today address
ed to Colter.- This letter followed a
conversation held yesterday between
he two. at which an understanding
was arrived at.
( iK'irman Stoneman calls attention
to t'.ie fact that the situation presents
lei:'i :;ts r,f danger to the party In that
inac t'oii on the part of the state central
vommittee may -leave the party with
iut f nominee, in case the courts
should decide against Colter. This re
sponsibility is assumed by coiter.
StonCman Not a Candidate.
In response to requests that he
shoulj express his views as to the
Visibility of Colter as the demo
cratic nominee. Chairman Stoneman
iiatcd: "I had a conversation yester
day with Colter and have Just dictated
i letter to him. I am handing you a
copy of this letter iu the beliif that
it will fully express my views in ths
natter. . i
"No, I will t-nder no conditions be
a candidate at this election for pov
err.or or any other office, whether
by petition, action of the committee,
or otlnvise."
Up to Colter.
Following is the letter to Co'ter:
September 13, 1918.
Hon. Fred T. Colter.
Tlt North Central Avenue,
Phoenix. Ariz.
Dear Mr. Colter: .
Section 5, Subdivision 2, Article
V. of the constitution provides:
"No member of the legislature
during the term for ' which he shall
havt teen elected, shall be appointed
or elected to any civil office of profit
this state, which shall
fPI71TT,lD A I TOE' A TiTli
TODAY LAST TIME CONTINUOUS, 1 TO 11 LAST TIME TODAY
WILLIAM FOX PRESENTS
Flsc
In a reissue of one of her greatest successes
in 6 parts.
V . -... r i
f . fi - v
m" . w. jmp . . ja
"THE GLEMENGEAU CASE"
A masterpiece of film fiction in which the wizardy of
BARA'S ART reaches its pinacle.
v
Wills'clash and passions flare,
While the Vampire sneer
'Neath a love veneer
Strips men's souls bare.
ALSO
PATHE WEEKLY, SLIPPERY SLIM Comedy
THEIA BAM-tt THI XiftVCUlOB
ADMISSION:
CHILDREN, 15c
ADULTS, 25c
should the courts hold tha.j other entirely new play will be given
ycu are ineligible, much criticism
might be directed to me for not hav
ing ca'led the central committee to
gether for the purpose of taking some
action.
I confirm the expression of my view
that you are perhaps more interested
in seeing that the perty shall have a
nominee for governor than any other
person In the state, and my convic
tion that you will take every precau
tion in your power to the end that
no situation mav arise which will de-
ucve prive the democratic party of Its nom
the Bisbeeites, entitled "Manana
Land."
Two shows will be given each even
ing, one at 7 and the other at 9.
REVIEW WANT ACS
BRING RESULTS
! to whom the shop proves a
Mr. and Mrs. I'lfilip Barton of Texas I great benefit. The magazine
table
tracted by the climatic advantages of-; the latest magazines may be bought
rered that they have decided to locate ; for 5 cents. The shop will soon begin
here, and are at present living in the i the rug making from heavy materials
Allen apartments in Upper Tombstone
patronage includes many
coming intn the district who are i
I ... . . . t. nnA Ditrr.rKna
ODiigea to start in a smdn way, auu . " ' ... ,. .;.i lc iv I ben created, or the emoluments of i Hnldinir these views. I have
source of I1L,ev 1 1 t- V1 . . , . ..',:.": i.i,.h ,s,,h i,nv K..n ir.rreasfd. dur- a i- .n . muiin. if
.!a small part ot tn piay, a iiaimii- i - ....... . . -- -- inanmn.cu , i
are in the cftvt and have been bo at-1 has brought in a very fair amount, asiteiy ix;ins Buuam - ' 7, thnt thU nrr""7::::.
'fal the little maid in the shop of hi vision. :;nd because you were a menir j understanding as expre8ed by you
ripr nr i ip ipeisiaiiire waitn uiricaacu voctorrfnv t int vnn unniiin n asiiiri ine
. ..i,.i,. 1 '.isn'r.nan h nMiuMe. j v.. T ---
itne rug niamng irom neai) main .i (he saiarv. of the governor, you are ; cm,nslh!litv for the non-nerformanco
VI IK li t. Uinit UU U r vj iui uiih-i F'J1
(TOO LATE TO CLASSIFY.)
WANTED To buy car. runabout.
Must be bargain. Phone 103. 360
WANTED Women to work in board
ing house, at once. Phone Blue 709.
Call 59 Castle hill. 364
dio, Clawson avenue car step, then
look up to right. Phone Red 420. En
gagements being made now. 271
NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC
The agency for Va:gnen Antiseptic
Powder for the cure of catarrh,
bronichal and stomach trouble has
been moved to Ajo, Arizona.
W. E. COPELAND.
267 , Western Agent.
canyon.
POFcf. Q'lilt making will also be taken j REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS
today LYMC THEATER today
CONTINUOUS: 1 to 11
WORLD FILM CO. PRESENTS
ETHEL CLAYTON
11 Jiie
IN -
Business Locals
the salary of the governor
IneiUiMe to accept the democratic 1 0f any act on my part as chairman
r.r-i'ati(n for this office. 1 cj tne 8tate central committee which
Section 3032 ot the Revised Statutes unaer contingencies might result in isn Kitchen today.
piovities mat any vacancy miueonus i leaving the party witnout a nominee,
after holding the primary election in will you be good enough to write
tMo list cf candidates necessary to fill nie confirming my recollection of the
.ill nf the offices provided for by law 1 conversation had with you yester-
in the ensuing election shall be filled ' ,ay and particularly confirming the
NOTICE TO MINERS AND OTHERS
I have bought the cigar stand in the
English Kitchen and will sell cigars
and tobacco, etc, at all hours day or
night.
109 WM. TRCAX. SR.
DON'T FORGET
Beanty parlor, shampooing, hair
dressing, manicuring, scalp treatment.
I facials. New Art store. Phone S45. 570
by the pnrty committee of the state,
co'mty, citv or town, a the case may
he . . ' Section 3039 provides
ibnt "candidates for public ofrice may
be nominated, otherwise tUan by pri
mary nomination or committee, by a
leitificite of nomination to be filed
n t more than 10 days after the pri-! 0f my assistance, I may be able
mary election, which certnicate " reader, believe me,
The big Sunday dinner at the Eng-
.1. ) .. ?f) '
U L. Gllnian sens th New Edison.
tLe phouomph with a souL"
CARD OF THANK3
I wish to thank the many friends
who so loyally supported me during
Nine
ished.
the recent campaign, and I will pledge ome
wni aslumey h. pSuST i ?.
above suggested In this letter.
With assurance of my desire to eo-j
operate with you in every way look-!
ing to the election - of a democratic'
n-n'inee for governor, and a proffer'
in a thorough businesslike manner.
366-dh A. E. SHEPPARD.
FOR SALE
room house, completely furn
formerly used as maternity
Terms if desired. Mason bill
5S
(In Five Parts)
T7 T7
r ra i
petition shall be signed by electors
having the qualifications prescribed
urilnr this section."
Without at this time expressing any
personal view as to the proper con
struction of these provisions nor any
i minion as tn whether or net a va-
ilcnncy exists in the democratic nomln
4'.ni(n fur pni-rrnor and for thp nur-
pose cf confirming my conversatioii
i e'd with oii in my office yesterday.
kill am advising you that as chairman
ylcf 'he democratic Mate central com-
. Illitl , 11 in my I'l'iiium .w...
do nothing which will
Sincerely vours.
GEORGE STONEMAN.
A PRIZE DANCE
There is going to be a prize oe-step
a Ihn Pvthlun hull Viinilnv 'AVpninff.
t0 1 and luckie spot dances. Ladies free.
363
STANDARD LAUNDRY
FOLLIES COMING BACK
TO THE ORPHEUM THEATER
What should be good news to the
Bisbee theater goers. Is the announce
ment that the popular Broadway Fo-1
For service
Bros.
Phone 67. McConneii
674
. ROCKHILL'S STAGE
t Blsbe-Tombston, Lmtm Blabe
'l BUbee Auto Co.. 7 a. nx, 1:30 p. m. 7
; Phon BlsbM 6. Adv.
Dr. Playfalr. Osteopatn. M Mtio
QUI. Mason car stop. Phone Blue 447.
I Adv-231
I
BISBEE SCHOOL OF MUSIC
Privat lessons given on the
stringed and band instrument! by corn-
Satisfaction guar-
CENTRAL COMEDIES PRESENT
Alice Howell in "DUTCHE"
a niVAkl Sk lllTAU4Tlr
. .. . A,R,ASSC'ATL.N .nreed:"phone 333.
ine aujournea meeting oi me biwr- ...
lies are 10 return iu me urpneum ior . noiuers oi ine Arizona ftuiumain nn .
another four days starting Monday. I Association will be held In the City j
That this company is making good is , Hall. Bisbee. Arizona, Monday even-
shown In the fact that several other ling. September 16. 1918. at 8 o'clock '
Arizona cities are trying to secure ; sharp, to hear report from committee
them for engagements. Mr. A. F. Ah- appointed at stockholders' meeting
1 " . - . I . .-i ..-. j ., c- A. 1 -- ...
,ou as tne cuoica oi ine i"6ci - - uc.u Vx...,. . -- non. to De neia on ovemuar lue stn.
majority of the democratic party or , nc ineater oi l'uiiKias, iur wuoiu nn cmo on imic mi H1j
thU stat in your candidacy for this company was organized, has received , to all of the stockholders in negotia- FRANK BRIGGS
rffi. e I narticularlv desire, however, telegrams from Phoenix. Ray. Tucson j tlons now pending for the sale of the ( , promi9e if iected an efficient and
to rail to v our attention my statcv and Nogales asking that the company , air brake. j Impartial administration. 75-,
mrni ,,!,. 'in , vpsterdav that in , be sent there for one or two days each i HENRY WM. AIKEN.
S ; nuttee. it is my
9-1 n.l'.tee should d
5 i Interfere with yt
E M. BROWN. Director.
FOR SHERIFF
I hereby announce myself as an in
dependent candidate for the office of
shtyiff ot Cochise county, subject to
' the will of the voters at the fall elec-
I week, but as the time is all taken up 32S
(In Two Parts)
i
BALCONY, 5c
MAIN FLOOR, 10c
RESERVED SEATS, 20c
1 sow?
.1... - 11 ..lw.1,1,1 Ka o1ta.
int- iiiil linn i'i(ii:!i;n pinnnu mnn
bv ome person to test yo rr eligibility 1 with Douglas and Bisbee this was tm-j
and the commencement of 'hese pro-1 possible. 1
ceedingx should be delayed until aj For the first two days. Monday and 1
time which would ninke it impossible , Tuesday, the new offermg will be "A
to secure a decision of the courts In Night In Hawaii." with special Ha-:
ord r that necessary action might be w-aiian scenery and dances from this i
taken to place upon the election bal tropical land. j
lot t!i- name of a nominee for go I or Wednesday and Thursday an-
Secretary.
DANCE.
C A A. Band Dance. Warren ParL.
Wednesday and Saturday. Ad mm Is
slon f 0 cents. Ladles free. AJ. 74fl
1 ' 1
MRS. fA. E. THOMASON ENGLISH j
Expression and Dramatic Art Stu-I
Richard (llaze, Oph. D.N.D.
Practic Limited to Eye and Nerve
Disorder.
Phone 156 Office and residence
first house tt of Masonic Temple.
Main StraeL Bisbee. Arizona.
Glasses fitted by the latest methods. J SOCIETY
SECTION
Edited by
1 LEE BROWN
i MINING j?
jj SECTION
3 Edited by P
WILLIAM T. OWEN X
I
'
I
J
M0
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 1918.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
VOL 21, NO. 81.
MINES, MINING, LOCAL STOCKS AND COPPER
EARNEST EFFORTS OF AIL
PRODUCERS TO SUPPLY
GOVERNMENT
No Letup in Demand for the United States and Its Allies and
Requirements for Some Time Are Expected to Be Equal to
the Output; Little Demand From Outside Users at Pres
ent; Liquid Assets of Copper Concerns Second Only to
Those of Steel Companies, But Stocks Fail to Reflect This
Condition, Prices Being Lower Than During Normal Times,
With Lower Metal Prices
The only factor In the copper situation is the effort being made by the
producers of the country to supply the
war purposes. There nas neen no ieiup m me ..." --
and its allies, and the requirements for some time to come are expected to be
equal to the output, says the Boston Financial News.
No metal is available for outside consumption and there Is little or no de
mand from this quarter, although it is not known definitely whether the users
are holding off making Inquiries because they know it would be futile to make
any attempt to get the metal, or whether they are without contracts for
which the .copper is needed.
Although no change in the situation is looked for for some time, there
are some interests who believe tfiat the producers and selling agents will have
metal available for outside consumption toward the end of the year, providing
the demand for wer purposes does not increase from the present weekly
average.
This belief is based on the expectation that with more favorable weather
operations will be increased in the quantity on hand. That this will occur
appears to be the general belief in all circles, and the improvement is likly
to begin to show with the production figures for this month, it is main
tained. The labor situation in the various mining districts of the country is any
thing but good. This is especially true in Arizona, so far as can be learned
here. There is an actual shortage of skilled workers in that state and the
milling companies are feeling the effects just ae are other industries.
Efforts have been made by the Inspiration. Miami and other large com
panies In Arizona to get the full quota of .workmen, but they have not been
successful thus far, as the demand for labor is so great that the men are at
tracted to other fields and industries where a higher wage is being paid.
Production figures which have come to hand thus far for August have not
been encouraging. The Miami company reported a comparatively good in
crease, a substantial decrease, wa recorded in the figures of the Anaconda
company.
No explanation of the Anaconda's. (.hawing was forthcoming, but some
Interests close to. the management state that September started well and that
the indications are that the month's total will show a substantial increase
over August.
In the matter of growth in liquid assets the copper companies ran next'
to the steel companies, but the shares of the latter group have far outdistanced
those of the former. The copper stocks are not quoted at a much higher level
than when copper was selling at 14 cents and not nearly as high as when
there was a normal copper metal market of 15 cents. The fact that the
coppers sell at an average return of 12 per cent stamps them as being cheap,
and this disregards the large increase in liquid assets which has accrued
since the outbreak of the war.
As an illustration of the growth of the excess liquid assets of foe copper
companies, it is only necessary to mention Anaconda, which, at the close of
1914 had a profit and loss surplus equal to but $3.3 per share, whereas at the
close of 1917 the item equaled about $27 per share. Utah, at the close of the
former year, had but $8 per share as against over $30 at the end of 1915.
And yet Anaconda sold at 59 3-S. But Utah in the normal months of 1914
was producing only about 13.000.U00 pounds of copper per month as against
about 17,000.000 pounds at present.
Chino had a profit and loss in 1914 equal to about $5 per share, whereas,
last December the item equaled $17.8 per share. Copper Range had but $2.8
in 1914 and nearly $16 last year. In fact, practically all the copper companies
are very much richer in excess assets today than they were in 1914 and still
the prices of their shares have not reflected this large increase in assets which
sooner or later must be distributed to the stockholders, either iu extra distribu
tions or by a maintenance of the present dividends which show a yield alto
gether too high for the current market prices.
VERDE SQUAW SINKS
SHAFT WITH ITS
NEW EQUIPMENT':
DELAY IN DELIVERY OF
FRAME CAUSED DEVELOPMENT i
WORK TO BE HELD UP TO
GREAT EXTENT, BUT THIS HAS
BEEN RECEIVED, WORK BEGUN
The new plant of the Verde Squaw northeast of the Boulder winze, which
is reported to be in full operation and I at a depth of fifty feet below the sur
the shaft -going down'at the rate of face Penetrated ore averaging 4 per
cent copper. Going down at the rate
five feet a day. i of five feet a day tne shaft goon
With the exception of the timbers j be in the Boulder- ledge and the bet
for the head frame, all the new equip- ting Is better 'than even that where
ment was received several weeks ago.
For some reason the timbers, which
were framed in Los Angeles, were
delayed until this week. They have
now been freighted down from Clark-
dale, however, and the head frame,
which will be forty-two feet high over j
all, is being set up
The new plant includes a 0x8 In-
gersoll-Rand compressor driven by a
30-horsepower Western engine, and a
40-horsepower hoist, together with all
necessary drills, air pipe and other
equipment.
The company also has an Ingersoll
Rand Imperial compounfl compressor
for use when water is encountered.
This compressor will drive a No. 5
Cameron sinking pump, already pur
chased, 'and is capable of handling a
No. 7.
This machinery is housed In a gal
vanized Iron engine house 3fix4S fet
In size. Nearby Is a new blacksmith
shop, also a galvanized iron, and a
frame office building has been erected
a short distance away. This buili'Te
also includes additional bunking quar-
ters for the force at th Verde Squaw;
THE
CHIEF
government witn us requirement ....
; hereafter will be larger than ha9 been
employed heretofore.
I Nothing more in the way of a watar
; system could be desired than t hat
, which the Verde Squaw company has
just installed. It includes two tanks
ith a . combined capacity of 7J00
gallons. The supply is more than
, ample and as it comes from some dis
FACTOR
tance up the mountainside the press
H EAD i ure is splendid.
While awaiting the arrival of the
head frame timbers the Verde Squaw
people have been anything but idle.
The shaft has been started and put
down twenty-six feet by' hand through
iron gossan that shows much copper
stain
' .... . ..... . .. I
The shaft is just a little to the
the ledge is cut it will be shipping
ore. That the Verde Squaw will be
j jn Bhape to market ore by the first of
11919 j8 a conservative prediction,
j
San Xaxler Extension In a report
Just issued President Ed G. Bush
says: "Outside of about twenty feet
of cross-cutting on the 315-foot level
south, our entire efforts for the month
of May were applied to the northwest
cross-cut on the 229-foot level in' or
der to cut the ore under the winzes.
We are now shipping ore from this
place. In addition to this ore body we
encountered considerable zinc blend
of a milling grade throughout dif
ferent parts of the mine, the samples ,
assaying from 20 to 24 per cent zinc.
I believe this to be very important,
as on account of its easy separation
it can be made profitable by concen
trating." Kingman The silver claims at the
end of the Old Hackbrrry have been
leased to New York people. They arc
to be developed on a large sc ale.
U. S. MARINE MOTOR TliUC
Marine motor truck train, . ';- I W r W'iJtwZ:!'
I' - ''Sf " 7 vf 252--' l3f
'This American official photo ' X" f 8" ' 'V Ti
.J.., vs a United States Marine " -Hf d
"' train after ,ts arrival .4.
U a I-.-ench village near the 0rVi w "1)
tl American sector on' the J&SpHmSt V3E" . .'Z:-l3&&$'-. 1 1
F.-an.-o American front with sup- K V3x' it-. v : ' " - J A
' l jA ASF . jsJNt- y
i
II Olftil
THIRD LIST
STATE'S MINES
Recent Development Puts It
A1 J L-C All f m- "
chise and Gila in Matter of
Assessed Valuation".
(By P. It. Milnes) j
PRKSCOTT, Ariz., September 14. ;
With the mentioning of the name of
"Yavapai county, Arizona," today the,
names of the last two mines, not to
cite others, are well known to thou
sands of persons in the United States,
and Canada. One of these, the United.
Verde Extention has brought count-:
less wealth to those, who a few years
ago were wondering whether that little'
scrap of paper called stock, which
they held in their possession would
really be valuable. Little did they;
realize that the then "mere prospect
OTiilinP ! WAR CALL COUPLED !l OH DAT AM
;
., , , .... a, ,1 (.Cllllllfc IClClit UCICiUyillCIIl 111 lUC
would develop, within a span of butipertv Dnri th(J ,agt ,en d ,he
two years. Into a mine producing 50.-. activity ha3 be iIiarke(i and the de-
UOO.UUU pounas or copper per ear.
The United Verde, is as important,!
but not perhaps as interesting to the;
same number, iu view of the fact that tnat tne (jatjsljen having reached the
with the exception of a few shares of;12l)0 fout ltvel now is, drifting Wuh !
stock, the entire control is owned by the expectation of developing territory '
Ex-Senator W. A. Clark. But It is ..ontiirunns tn the Bhaft So rood re-l
still a matter of general information
that the mountains of Yavapai are '
dotted with not yet famous mines,
BCssessing as great intrinsic possibili
ties s were evidenced years ago by c.uiefiy among residents of iiisbee and
their now celebrated neighbors. The Douglas. Its officers and directors
Consolidated Arizona Smelting coin- are almost all local men.
pany, located at Humboldt. Arizona, a recent article in a Jerome news
under the capable management of G. : paper says:
M. Colvocoressessis making splendid Stations nre heini? cut on the 1200
progress today and is rated with the
two big producers favorably. The
Arizona-Biughampton at Stoddard and
the Commercial Mining company. Cop
per Basin, represent two properties
which are producing and making excel
lent showing, under the capable di
rection of George Johnson and A. B. '
Peach, respectively.
The seven mining counties in th",
State of Arizona, represent J554.957.-
J50 3- Qf fhg gtate.8 total assessp(!
valuation, $834,020,532.22. In this list,
Cochise county ranks first with an
assessed valuation of $1 69.348. 4B6.1 7. 1
Gila second, with J165.647.7S2.4S and
Yavapai couaty .third. J130.575.3S1.62. quartz and no dioiite. Hematite and ' be approximately hh.wu.uou pounus.
According to these figures, the min-! manganese are shot through the j -Ing
counties Will pay into the state mass; now and then a fleck of bor-j j,rtuna Consolidated Calver-.
treasury on the tax rate of 39 cents on
fhe $100 of valuation, in round num
bers $2,700,000. Those figures provide
strong documentary and cash confir
mation of the claims advanced as to
the vital importance of the mining in
dustry in Arizona. The state would
have only about one-fifth of the money
it needs to conduct its business if Uie
mining couties were climinatd from
returns with their mines. Tiie valua
tion of tho lfftteT rei-its tiipon ,'he
amount of metal they are able to get
out. With one single exception there
is no copper district in the state that
does not reasonably have expectancy
of more than fifty years further highly
active life.
The single exception can
look forward to mote than a quarter
of a century of additional high activ
Ity. Railroad income, money in trade
channels and in Uie banks is propor-.
j tionate o the figures shown in I lie re-
, turns of valuation from the mining
couties. 1 tiey are responsible Tor tne
business originating in the state and
I for equally as much of the money tn.
'T$JX AT THE
i
NOME, Alaska. Sopt. !4. War
calls and the lure of the high
wages in the states are almost de
pcpulating Nome City, once one of
theIivest of the many Alaska gold
camps. "
According to the Nome Nugget,
there probably will be a few people
left to board the last boat for the
outside when it sails just before
the ice closes in next October.
GADSDEN STOCK IN
DEMAND RECENTLY
IN THIS DISTRICT
SUDDEN AND
UNPRECEDENTED
CALL FOR
SHARES IN JEROME
PROPERTY FOLLOWS NEWS OF
DRIFTING ON 1200 FOOT LEVEL,
STARTED RECENTLY
UO ! OEULaTeOME IlMrlnHllUN
An unprecedented demand for stock I shortage and output for the rest of the
in ihe Gadsden company at Jerome. ; year depends largely on whether addi
which is largely owned and controlled i tional help can be secured,
by local people, has started rumors j For the eight months production
of impending announcements con-j amounts to 67,700.000 pounds as com-
. , .i. ..-i., .i,.. ' rvirml ith C,7 toil 000 in the same ner-
ni for the 8tock hag grQWn t
stantly.
N received here front Jerome is
,.,., , ,,. ,., vnu,.iii Khm-riv ft w
j-Umored here. ' I
he Gadsden is almost entirely a i
Cochise county preposition, financed '
foot level in the -Gadsden shaft and
crosscutting westward toward the ;
contact will be under way in a few
davs. 1 for the March quarter, heing only
The shaft was sunk to a depth o-. ; 950.000 against S-'.fl.Vi.ouO in the cor
1230 feet but the lower tliirtv feet ; responding period of iast year. In the
will be used for a sump. A shaft Jut"? quarter production approached
station fifty feet long bv twenty'-normal 2:.800,noo pounds, being ro
wide is being cut on the side of the ported against :;4.4;Vi,ono in the same
shaft at the 1200 and a pump sta-1 three months of 1917.
tion, 45x21, is to be at th.: end. !
cutting of the stations is likely !
to be a slow process as the shaft is ,
bottomed in the first heavy ground ,
encountered at
porphyry and
the Gadsden. It is i maintains tne outpui 01 August ior mi
schist, with some! last four months the final total would
nite shows.
No better showing was expected in
the shaft. Iu fact the indications
are even better than were hoped for.
At SM0 feet the shaft passed through
material carrying some bornite; at
1000 there was both chaleopyi ite
and lornite.
In all
probability the contact will 1
be cut from
of the 12oo
isoo to
station.
2000 feet west
It is entirely
possible
will be
reached,
that important discoveries
made before the contact is
however.
!
the ban!;s and for considerably morej
than that proportion of the business
whii-h makes it possible for railroads
to M..I.I-I.I. in A rivnna
un,o.it. ..,...li' iu ici.a.
d's cw-red in Vavapai count v lie iir company. The property is equipped
or near three mountain r anges. the "ith th.ei- compressor ami two
great Yavapai Schist Belt, with whi.-h hois.,.
the name of the United Verde ntid
United Verde Kxtenlion mines must: Prescott A prospect has been lo
alwayH bo identified; the Ilradsha cate.l in the Camp Wood district.
Ranj-e and the Sierra Piita 11101111 I which is said to carry values of gold
tains.
WESTERN FRONT
i i
i
PRODUCTION IS
IMF MHIIfiMQI1
SliiL l iiLUUiSO
Sho
no Variation from'
n j. ii .in.
rreceaing momn, DUl was w rkniss. which indicates the presence of a practically continuous ore sh.Ht
1 inn non IT A ! L 1400 fe"1 '" ,e,1Kth- ues'des which, the outcrops show at intervals throi'ghout
l,OUU,U-JU Unaer June, ineithe entire length of the claims, both to the north and south f the "Sunny
Year's Record Month
Inspiration's production for Augu
of 9,i'iO.W0 pounds showed no
varia-1
tion from the orecedine month, but
was 1.3m,0iiu ptunds below June, the
r''t'ory mo!1 V'V" "'l.?, . " 1" 'V
ing it was Knner.illy exp e ted that the
conipj:iy would be able to run up a
total close to the high mark this year.
Inspiration.
however, is somewhat
handicapped by the
glowing labor
1' ' u
lo(1 Iast year. In juy and AUgust
of la.it year, however, the company
mines were closed down on account of
, labor troubles, no output being record-1
ed. Directly as a result of the strike
production did not approach normal
until March of this year, six months
after operations were resumed.
Since last March production has
been proceeding satisfactorily, al-
though substantially below what the
company is capable of. With the clos-
ing of the mines last year the com
pany employes began to drift to other
sections attracted by the prevailing
wages.
.1
At the present rate of produc tion
' for the full year Inspiration should
! produce approximately lyl.ooo.Oi'O
pounds. This figure is expected to be,
increased as the first three months
were well below the average, the total
Last year Inspiration reported pro-
duction of S0.150.0o0 pounds, and in
1916 when conditions were settled
Ped "P 1 U0.7t3.SS : . If the company
Coates, engineer in charge, has sent
the following report on this promis
ing silver producer at Superior. Ariz.:
"We have started another drift aboui
100 feet north of the first drift on an
other EW fi.isure, which carries
streaks or stringers of high grade
crav cornier galena ore. It is our In-
t .,; ir,n , f0uow this streak of ore
a short distance in the hope that I:
m.iv widen suflit iently to become
, r oljtalle mining" Fort una Consoli
j jateil is considered to be among the
i,st of the lower-nriced silver stocks
and its management is regarded as
highly conservative.
ITcSCOl t - Shipping Will S.OI1 Com
liiriH'fl from the Pocahontas Mining!
ami silver of about $-00 per ton.
SCHEELITE ORE
III HUACHUCA MOUNTAINS
BIG 01 Sfl? ALL REPORTS
Much Needed War Metal Found in Large Quantities in South
Part of This County and Four Companies Now are Operat
ing Claims and Shipping Ore; Each das Its Concentrating
Mill Turning Out 70 Per Cefit Tungstate Acid That is
Vorth $21 per Unit on Present Market
Scheelite mining in southern Cochise county Is practically In its infancy,
but is surely making rapid grouth. Two years ago the tungsten production In
tbo lluachucas was nil, but now there are four companies opt rating, eacfi
with its concent ration mill, that ship concentrates containing 70 per cent
tungsten acid, that are worth $21 per unit. Two scheelite concentrating
mills are i:n the northeast side of the range, namely, th "Exposed Reef
that is owned by Clark and Porter, and the property owned and operated
by the Huachuca Tungsten Mining & Milling company, just across the rana'
from Kort Huachuca. and the "Sunny South" and "Cave Man" groups, which
latter groups have recently been arquired by Tucson and Douglas interests.
The "Sunny South" and "Cave .Van" properties are located near Bear
Creek.
While all of the four mentioned companies' properties have good show
ings of high grade and concentrating ores, nature seemed to have particu
larly favored the "Sunny South" and "Cave Man" properties for, while
the other properties are high up on the range and more difficult of access,
requiring more or less expensive reads to reach their products, the latter's
properties are low down in the foothills, easily accessible, with a good
wagon road already built at a small cost, and have a lime prcphyry and
granite contact trending lengthwise through the claims, whic'i shows a
good grade of clean scheelite ores near the surface and in all the mine
workings. There are eleven claims on the "Sunny, South" ar.d "Cave Man"
I
I
groups, covering tne apexes of the
enptnwise or about 5000 feet.
The principal deve'opruent work
s
South" hill., which rises over 300 feet
near which two tunnels have been driven and several open cuttings made
upon the two principal parallel claims, all in pay ore. The outcrops are
MlIltiTilirna nva, tlm liill n a, ,!!. . u t 1.. - ,... - .
tance horizontally from tlv south
k"" -!..- aim me name
f'llf til' DC DTnnOd fl.. ('i.Ii...
huu;li lull. I hs gangue of the ore is a clean, highly siliious white nuartz. oc
curring in vein cf from on, to five feet thick and known locallv as "scbeelit
(.earing nuartz." The small kidneys, also lu both fine and coarse crystals
iiiipn gnated throughout the quartz. As the scheelite has about 'v and a
half times the gravity of the quart! gangue, a clean high extraction ReDar.irum
is V(r-V simple. Vhe general trend of
v. an dips lo the west varrying from 23 to 60 degrees.
Quite a lot of ore has been mined, milled and shipped from iie? claims.
A reient shipment of concentrates frcm tre mill of the "Sunny Sou::r -Troup
ran GD.40 per cent tuastiv ac-d. This hill has a crusher, reY.tr.u ncreen.
double ccmpartn'ent hartz jig. set of 12 Inch rolls and a dlster cencentra'
ing table, all run by gasoline engine; also a smaller gasoline that run
a centrifugal pump for the water supply tank above the crusher. The mi'.i is
i.i. ated on a five acre miil site about half a mile southwest from the mines on
Il,lir 'reek, and has a capacity of 20
A ready market is assured for
froiii the "Sunny South" properties as the recent purchaser! have already
been offered a long term contract from on of the leading hingslen buying com
panies in t ie United States for all the output of the "Sunny South" .uid "Care
Man" properties at a price of $21 per unit of 20 pounds". So that with an
abundance of ore. wood and water and with suitable milling facilities, this
property bids fair to become one cf. if not the principal producer of tung
sten in the state of Arizona.
Samples of ore and concentrates, also some photographs of the "Sunny
South" property are now on exhibit in the office of George P. Myers at 34
Scuth Stone avenue. Tucson.
SHATTUCK ARIZONA COPPER COMPANY'S
OUTPUT COMPARED FOR EIGHT MONTHS
The Shattuck Arizona Copper Company's output for eight months corn
Iares as follows:
January
hebruarj
March ..
May
July ....
August
Eight months
WOOLEY MAKES GOOD
STRIKE OF VANADIUM
ON HISPROPERTY
LOCAL BUSINESSMAN UNCOVERS
HORN SILVER AND BARIUM ON
CLAIMS NEAR CHARLESTON ON
SEPTEM-
REGISTRATION DAY.
BER 12
1 ly in demand, the country at tne pres-
! ent time having to import most of that
A strike of a ledge carrying hor.i j A ref'"iaKK ".d the makl"!:
"l , of white lead. The barium, previous
Ml.er. vanadie-n and barium in a short 1 ,0 ,u ciaS!llrication by the geologist,
drift at the bottom of an S 5 foot shaft, 'had been taken to be quartz,
three miles frcm Charleston, on the; The fact that the ledge Is extensive
Tombstone road, was made during the Is proved by the fact that a ten-foot
week bv L. C Woolery of the Anguls prospect hole, sunk between thirty and
crot el v store
and has encouraged Mr.
Woclery to tlin belief that the prop
erty otters such prospects that he in
tends to leave here on the first of
no::' month wilh John Moore. They
will install si.iaM hoist and pump,
and continue development of the prop
erty
Mr Woolerv has had the property
for some time. On the Fourth of July
he first went out to do some work,
and had it thoroughly sampled. When
it was r ported to him that he had
STRIKE MADE
two principal veins for a distance
so far has been done on the "Sunnv
above the arroyo on its south side.
side, -where another tunnel and nm-n
.. . . .
i-iiuracirr 01 ore as in tne sout'i side
the vein is northerly an.l Konth. rlv.
tons in 24 hours.
the hie'i urade orea etui rnnrPTfrr.itc
Cunivr I-cad Silver Gold
Lbs. Lbs. Ozs. 07.3
S4S.400 S4.000 9.59 ms
S."4.042 66.2ti5 6.5MO 73
.1.013.593 66.S7S 11.429 S9
. 842.790 143.S61 15.4i9 102
. 840.999 12.021 115
St'5.310 S3.433 1S.S71 lis
672,024 12.292 104
6S2.6SI 199.52S 14.139 113
6.56Q.S39 644.45 100.460 $19
6.56Q.S39
vanadium ore in it. besides the bodies
of lead-silver ore he had previously
known to exist, be began pUnning for
its development. On Labor day. with
t several others, he went to the prop
I erty and put in a four-foot shoot,
which uncovered a still better grade
I of vanadium, together uith small
I patvhes of horn silver. Thus encour
' aged Mr. Woolery a,;aln visited the
' property Registration day. and put in
la rou mi of shots, which uncovered a
1 ledse cf vanadium mixed with barium
i Tno Prrs'm'e ' the latter mineral was
I discovered by a geologist who was a
I member of the party. Barium is great-
1 !oi ty teet from Tne shaft in wcico
the discovery was made, but much
tower dow n. has exactly the same sort
of lede matter In it.
fintunt of the shaft from its pres
ent depth of So feet necessarily will
e delaed until a pump can be in
stalled, as this marks water leveL
I However, with such ore struck just
above water level, the prospect for
j encountering high-grade stuff once
j the shaft ha been unwatered, seins
m ellent. THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 1918.
B STRIKE
IS MADE ON
rKI!0HT HAU
EAST DRIFT ON 450 FOOT LEVEL
HAS RUN INTO HIGH GRADE
CARBONATE ORE BODY I N
WHICH WORK HAS BEEN PRO
GRESSING FOR SEVERAL DAYS
LOOKS MIGHTY GOOD
SECOND STRIKE IN DON LUIS
SECTION OF WARREN DISTRICT
WITHIN LAST THREE WEEKS
MAKES LOWER END OF DIS
TRICT LEASERS HAPPY
A strike of Tich carbonate ores in
ei-.M arilt of "the ioOfoot level of the
Night Hawk lease, in which a num
ber' of. Bisbee and Dougals pVop'e
are interested, adds largely to the
plowing prospect for the immediate
luuire of the Don Luis section o'f
the Warren district. Work had bepn"
underway for three days in a full
fai' of the ore Friday, when the an
nouncement first was made. Assays
have been made, but the metal con-1
tent of the ore was not announced,-;
though it was admitted it was very
good. ;
TTiis is the second good strike made
in. the Don Luis section o the district 1
within the last .three weeks. The other
was "in the shaft of the Boras claim.
which adjoins the Night Hawk. A
large vein of lead-silver ore was en-1
countered there. j
Off "tire other side of the Night i
Hawk lies the White Tail Deer prop-,
. erty of the Phelps-Dodge company.
As is generally known, some very
good ere was found In that property,
thoueh it is not working at present
The night Hawk -shaft was sunk!
to 450 feet recently. It being decided
that this should be the maximum
depth for ithe present. .The ore bod-
ies of that section have been found
to lie at comparatively shallow depth.
In the White Tail Deer the test ore
was found1 between the 200 and 250
foot levels. Should the Night Hawk's
new strike prove extensive, as.lt Is
hoped, steps will be taken to block
out the ore in the near future.
The night Hawk at tly present
time emplcvs sixteen men who are
Not
llrUlll
PHONE 286
working undr the direction of Jim
McKenna. ,
The property Is equipped with a
modern plant of machinery, operated
ty electric current obtained from the
Bisbee Improvement company's power
line. It has ample equipment to de-
rolep the ground along the most ap
proved mining lines, at the same time
observing economy in effort
Announcement of the strike was
made at a meeting of tiie company's
directorate Thursday night In this
city and has not become known as
ye te the generality of the stock
holders.
The Night Hawk is a close corpora
tion, it being understood that there is
none of the stock for sale at present.
In " fact the prospects for making a
mine are said to be so good that the
stockholders probably will hold on to
their shares tenaciously.
The Night Hawk strike, Jcoupled
with that of the Boras doubtless will
attract, even more, attention to the
southeast end of the'dirstrjct and may
encourage some of the numerous
i.aini ".holders In. tye flats to the
south of thesa properties to go to
work, or bring outside capital In to
develop them.
GRAND ISLAND HAS '
.- NAMED DIRECTORS
JEROME,' Ariz.', Sept 14 At a
meeting .of the stockholders of the
Grand Island Mining company, held
Wednesday, directors for the ensuing
year were chosen. They were John
S. Ebertnan of Pittsburg; Hugh M.
Gallagher of Bisbee; Frank B. Jones
of El Paso; EdjRucker and R. E.
Moore of Jerome.' The other officers
of the company will be chosen at a di
rectors' meeting soon.
' Mr. Gallagher was chosen to repre
sent the stockholders of the Warren
district and Douglas at their solicita
tion. Much of the company stock is
held in this district and the Smelter
City. - :. . .
The company is reported to be in
comfortable financial condition, hav
ing over $100,000 in the treasury for
the prosecution of development -
Diamond drilling has been ' under
way for some time and reports from
Jerome tend to the .belief that the
property is on the road towanj suc
cessful development as a copper
proposition.
Jerome The shaft at the Verde
Comination is to be sunk to a depth
of 1100 feet Instead of 1000. Schist
is the formation and it carries chal
copyrite and pyrite-t
Prescott Steel ' people have taken
under option several manganese prop- j
erties nejar Topeck. . v j
Miami Several manganese proper-j
ties have been opened up in the Mon-1
gollons district i
Dollar Silver Speaks Volumes
NO
a Prospect, Over 31,000 Tons
Subscriptions
HUMBOLDT SMELTER
MAKES MUCH METAL
DURINUUGUST
IN AJ-L MORE THAN 23,000 TONS
OF ORE WERE TREATED AT
THE SMELTER AND CONCEN
TRATOR AND SMELT ER, 1,250,000
POUNDS OF BULLION MADE
' (Special to The Rcvlt-w)..
HUMBOLDT, Aria., Sept: 14 Dur
ing the month of August theYe was
received at the Consolidated Arizona
smelter at Humboldf, from' the Blue
Bell and De Soto mines, a total of
i5,200 tons of ore.
The concentrating mill treated 8100
tons of ore and concentrates, while
the charge of new copper bearing ma
terial to the smelter amounted to 12,
500 tons with a bullion production of
1,250,000 pounds of copper.
SILVER KING IS
"COMEBACK" MINE .
OF THE EARLY DAYS
The Silver.King of Arizona is a true
indication of the comeiback pf silver
mines. ,: ,
Less than eight months ago stock
in this company went practically a
begging. The stockholders, of the
company were rather skeptical as to
the worth of the stock some believed
in the mine, others were doubtful.
It is said that more than JlOjOOO.OOO
In silver was extracted from the Sil
ver Kins in years gone by. There were
some that' figured that the, ore had
petered out There were many that
tock the view that the mine was hard
ly worked at all.
With the increased demand for sil
ver, ore and the high price of silver,
work was again started on. the old.
Silver King, and Just recently a rich
body of ore was struck, with the result
that the value of the stock is soaring
skyward.
This is but one of tlie many evi
dences that mines can come back. To
day many of the old silver and lead
producers are being worked with great
financial gain. The many silver mines;
in Arizona, California and Nevada are
again active, and.wjth.the high price
of the metal, the, thousands of stock
holders in the -operating companies
are reaping the reward of the winners.
The great silver belt in Nevada, the
"Silver States," which runs from Vir
ginia City in Nevada to the noted C'er
ra Gordo in California, is alive witi
acticn.
Among the big operating companies
P
I
LL. &
a a B 1Q
on the California side of the belt is
ih-s White Mountain Silver company,
whose activities' Is awakening the
White Mountain silver camp. This
roiuTviny, which is headed by soma
very .prominent Arizona and Califor
nia people. Is opening up some ric:l
silver-lead ore.
What known as the Jumbo claim
on the White Mountain Silver com
pany's prtTperty, is a shipping propo
sition, and has a record of some rich
strikes.
Reports received early 'in. ,the week
were- to the effect that on" the Bodie
claim of the company's pfbperty stl
veivlead ore has Just been opened up
with the values, mounting, high.
The development on the six claims
of the White Mountain Silver is go
ing on with much vigor. ' Shipments of
the Tich ore are being made regularly.
LIBERTY: SLOGANS
PRECEDE DRIVE ON
FOURTH BOND ISSUE
CLEVER CATCHY SAYINGS THAT
WILL HELP DRIVE HOME THE
BE-ALL AND END-ALL OF SELL
ING AS MANY BONDS AS POS
SIBLE IN THE THREE WEEKS -
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal., Sept. 14.
"Put a service star on your pocket
book,"' is onef of the scores of slogans
ssuLrhittcd as' battle cries for; tlie 4ta
Liberty Loan campaign'
No prizes " were ottered to slogan
makers, but many suggestions were
made which will be used in this dis
trict during' the drive beginning. Sept
2S and closing Oct. 19. Here Oje some
of them:
i , "Stop the reign of hell .
f With a rain of shells.''
' " "lck up Pershing and he will
Back the kaiser over the Rhine."
' . "liberty Loan dollars; '
Work arid fight." V
"Civiiization ' insurance Liberty
Bonds." ; , :
"Tour bondmay throw' the . bal
ance." , i ,
"Buy Liberty Bonds and keep
them." ' , ,
"Buy Liberty. Bonds the buy-way
to Berlin.", '
I "Buy Liberty Bonds, or bye-bye
I Liberty." .. ' ' " .';
I "The more Bonds you buy,
1 1J; T t 1 UJ J a IK VM V4 lb,
"Put your dollars in uniform."
''Liberty Bonds speak' a language
i the kaiser understands. Talk to him
today".
"Turn the eagle loose on every .fight
ing dollar." ,
"Safe as the United . States Buy
Liberty Bonds."'
Two bis C.' M. C. motor ambulances
have arrived at Fort Whipple and will
be kept at that post. Yt . 4 V 14
ARIZONA CORPORATION COMMISSION PERMIT NUMBER 1336.
"The Arizona Corporation' Commission Does Not recommend the stock,
bonds or other securities offered by this or any other company."
..,1
of Ore Blocked
Accepted at Office 6
TUCSON HAH HAS
RECLAMATION OF
WASTUH VIEW
Establishes Foundry and Re
finery to Recover Metal in
Wastage from Ranges of
Camp Cody
Seventy thousand pounds ot rifle
and artillery range wastage have been
shipped to Tucson from Camp Cody,
N. M , to be reclaimed at the plant of
Ihe Arizona Rare Metals company, on
St. Marys road. The machinery of the
company, formerly engaged. In mining
uid sme ting molybdenum, will be uti
lized in the process., with the addition
o: extra machinery.
Tne lirst shipment of waste metals
will arrive In the city In about three
uu)g and the machinery ordered from
Denver, . Colo is expected to arrive
r.t about the same time. Operations
will begin at the St. Marys road plant
in about two weeks. Most of the work
will be done by machinery and on:;
a small force will be required.
The piant will be operated by R. O.
Boykln, who is half owner of the Ari
zona Rare Metals compay, F. H. Here
lord being his associate in that enter
prise. . ..
Idea Boykln's Own.
The metal recovery enterprise wa
conceived by Boykin. The plant of
tin Arizona Rare Metals ' company
went idle when the bottom dropped
out of the molybdenum market and he
immediately afterward Interested him
self In the problem of recovering i.iet
als from the wastage of rifle and ar
tillery ranges. Two months of experi
menting, at considerable cost, con
vinced him of the feasibility and the
practicability of the idea, and be tried
10 interest the headquarters of the
southern military department. Failing
to get action, he went to Washington
ferencs with the general staff. As the
and remained thirty-four day. In con
result of his enthusiasm and persistence-
ho omit-away f:eni Washington
vi'.h a eontract from the war depart
ment fur the range wastage from all
rmes' in the southwestern part of
the United States, with an option .ou
the was'age of as many other ranges
throughout the United States as he
cared to 'take.
It 'is Boykin's Intention to enlarge
Ms operations as soon as the plant is
put in operation and it will ultimately
include every large military camp in
the United States. Thus Tucson will
be the center ot one of the1 most
For This
out Awaiting Construction of Mill
0CK
unique reclamation or conservation
industries that has been brought about
by war conditions.
Seven Metals Recoverable. "
The metals that are recoverable
from the range wastage are copper,
nickel, tin, antimony, zinc, lead and
steel. The wastage consists of rifle
and machine gun bullets, brass scraps
from cartridges, heavy artillery shells,
one-pounder anti-tank gun shells, ex
ploded hand and rifle grenades, shrap
nel bullets, etc.
Boykin started working on his idea
on Aug. 6 and since that time 70.000
pounds of scrap has been collected on
the Camp Cody rifle, machine gun and
artillery ranges. His operations will
shortly be extended to San Antonio,
which Is now an artillery training cen
ter. Returns to Govrnmnt.
The government has the option on
all of the metals recovered by Boykin
and the greater part of it will be sent
to Springfield, where the . great gov
ernment arsenal is located, to be used
again In the making of muntions. Such
of the metals that are not used by the
arsenal will be disposed of to the fed
eral railway repair work Thus prac
tically ail of the recovered metals will
be returned to the government.
Has Patent Butiet Catcher.
Boykin has patented a "bullet-catching
range," which will be used in the
future In gathering bullets. One will
be installed shortly at Camp Cody am
H
ere
jRAV
The Drink Supreme
BRAVO, a pure, cereal, non-intoxicating beverage fills
the need for a non-intoxicating drink. It quenches thirst,
relieves fatigue and puts vim into workand pleasure.
BRAVO is a drink for everybody.
In Bottles and on Draught
BUXTON-SMITH COMPANY
Local Distributors
Property
Oo
!
Bisbee, Arizona
ment to furnish an Indemnity bond,
ultimate y at all training camps. The
patent ia:ige has been examined by
the goernmtnt and subjected to the
meat severe tests, which It stood up
under successfully. This will cut tha
cost of collecting the range scrap
abcut one-half.
The present plant of the Arizona
Rare Metals company is bein equip
ped to handle approximately 150,00'J
pounds of wastage or scrap monthly.
Hazardous Occupation.
The collection of shels and gren
ades is not the 'safest occuvation in
the world, for the "duds" hifve been
known to play dead and go off withr
out warning, upon being picked up. A
Mexican scrap collector at Camp Cody
was injured several days ago by han
dling an ' une-xploded hand grenade.
To meet such accidents as this, Boy
kin was required by the war depart-
The operations of the St. Marys
road plant will consist of the" separa
tion of the metals and the smelting
of them. -The molybdenum process
that will be used was conceived in this
part of the country.
I Prescott iThe United Verde Exten
! sion smelter is finished except for a
j motor and switchboard which have
I been lost in shipping. It will be at
! least two weeks before the smelter
j can be started.
REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS
it Is
O
I THE EISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 1918.
THREE
.J
News of Social Circles
The Anona club pave a miscellane
ous shower in honor of Mrs. Fred
Cowan, who was formerly Miss Venita
Rose, at the home of Miss Jennie War
ren, Sept. 3. The color scheme was
pink and white, the house being at
tractively decorated in flowers and
pink and white ribbons. Mrs. Cowan
received many lovely gifts from her
friends. The guests were Misses Maud
Brazil, Edna Newman, Yda Raff. Ef
fie Alexander. Jennaveve John. Edith
and Evelyn Kennedy, Laura Funkhous
er and C. Halbert; Mesdames C. T.
Dunlap, A. Riddle. Wm. Tonkin. J. S.
Warren, E. Crondall, Rose and Wm.
Truax.
Miss Sylvia Warne entertained
.few little friends at her home on Tem
by avenue in honor of his sixth birth
day. Ice cream, cake and candy vere
served. The guests were Winnie and
Ivy Callery, Pearl and Ivy Snell, Esth
er Bowden Freda Kelly Mary and
Janie Jones Aileen and Esther Ellis,
Mary Cowling, Sylvia Warpe. Fred
Kelly, Kenneth Watson, Waterson.
Jack Hardinge. Howell Jones. Ray
Parker, Robert Muir, Ralph Kelly and
James Warne.
JS
A meeting of the Anona club was
held Sept. 10 at the home of Jennaveve
John of Warren. Officers were elect
ed as follows: Jennie Warren, for
president; Edith Kennedy, vice presi
dent, and Lucy Caretto, secretary and
treasurer. After the business was set
tled a picnic was planned to the cliffs
near Winwood, where it is said that
hieroglyphics are to be seen drawn by
the early inhabitants of America, the
Indians. All members and their friends J
are Invited on Sutnday. Sept. 22. The
next meeting of the Anona club will
be with Edith and Evelyn Kennedy,
Tuesday, Sept. 24.
A violin recital was yiven Saturday
night. Sept. 8. by Miss Lois Wilson, at
the home of Mr. and Mrs. E. Beyer of
Mason Hill. Miss Wilson was accom
panied on the piano by Mrs. Douglas
of Tucson, at present the directress
of the musical department of the Bis
bee High school. Those present were:
The Mesdames Franklin, Sinclair, Wil
liam Dean, Black, L. T. Wilson, Play
fair. Brownlie, Brereton; the Messrs,
Frank Lang, Herbert Van Horn, Wil
son, Sinclair, Dean and Black; the
Misses Alice and Marguerite Brere
ton, Marie Duckett, Geniva Ashby and
Bessie Beyer.
Those who sewed for the Red Cross
in Warren during the past week were:
Mesdames Lynn, Roberts, Bohmfalk.
Arntz, Hyde. Copperthwaite, Hobbs,
Gohring, Western, Snyder, Baker,
Stevens, Chiado, Wilson, E. Johnson.
Rawlings, Cox, ' Heisler, Perry and
Wilcox.
The following women gave a day
at the Hed Cross in Bisbee during the
past week. Mesdames Q. D. Hudson!
Of Interest
THE ART OF DRESS
Some one has said, what a sorry
world it would be if women were not
charming. Of course our time is great
ly taken up with new work, new
problems, . ,new sorrows and new
thoughts and the uniform of service
is the only one of dsitlnction, so fash
ions must be viewed from a war stand
point. If making (over last year's
clothing will be economy, by all means
do so at once, but if new things must
be bought it is a good plan to buy the
smartest things with the newest lines,
as they will remain in fashion longer.
The frocks are very simple and it is
distinctly bad taste to nave anything
that is elaborate.
The line of the silhouette continues
straight, but something new for win
ter is the knee length which will be
worn over tailored frocks. These
jackets are made both of satin and
cloth. The shorter length will con
serve material but that does not mean
that long coats will not be worn, for
long coats will be used greatly. This
means that frocks and coats will be
Feed Company
Phone 121
Office Below Copper Queen Hotel
We have to offer and for sale to the
public COAL and WOOD as follows
AMERICAN BLOCK COAL, per ton $17.00
COLORADO NUT COAL, per ton -..$lfc.50
WOOD, Juniper and Oak, long cord ....$14.50
WOOD, Juniper and Oak, sawed $16.00
And we urge that you buy and store your winter's
supply NOW and not take chances on a shortage
which is possible. Our government urges it too.
Bisbee Fuel and
Feed Company
Phone 121
Office Below Copper Queen Hotel
B. Frankenburg, A. M. Smock. D. W.
Matthews, B. Chase, O. N. Alvin. L. Q.
Jackson, Nemitz, J. Farrel, Duval,
Sheets, Teufert. Putnam. Mecomey,
Russell. W. A. Arthur. T. E. Williams,
J. Radcliffe. G Moore, C. W. Allen.
E. M. Durley. J. T. Quick. R. H. Coco
ran. M. P. Johns. J. E. Lanning, F. C.
Hurst and Miss Hetty Sherman
IS
Miss Josephine and Grace Southard
were guests at a dinner given for
them by Mrs E. Trenham and son
Sunday evening. The young ladies
left the same night for Flagstaff not
mal to complete their courses.
Vt S
Mrs. D. E. Minton entertained the
Warren chapter of the Tucson Orph
ans' home on Wednesday afternoon at
her home in Warren. A large number
of the members of the chapter were
present. The afternoon was spent in
making comforts for the home. Re
freshments were served during the af
ternoon. Members and guests Includ
ed Mesdames Homewood, McDonald,
Brannon, Murry, Chapman, Holt,
Montgomery, Gann, Cowperthwalta,
Ratteree, Wood, Sphinx, Hall, Smith.
Kahmura and Moore. During the af
ternoon a vote of thanks was tender
ed to Mrs. Alexander Murry for the
money she has made for.the borne dur
ing the summer months through the
sales of garden flowers, amounting to
$35. On account of the scarcity of
flowers In the Warren district, Mrs.
Murry has found a ready sale for her
flowers, and many times has been un
able to fill the demands.
K f
A very pleasant evening was spent
in honor of Lillian Hall's birthday.
The guests were Misses Margaret Mc
Gregor, Gerard Downs, Giffie Wil
liams. Edna Chain, Ida Hayes, Lassie
Campbell, Madge Evans, Alice Kelly,
Dorothy Griffith, Murile O'Neal. The
boys were John Hobbs, Arnold Bald
win, Edward Baldwin, Harry Chain,
John Adams and Douglas McGregor.
The party was at the noma of Mrs.
J. B. Williams.
A dancing party was given at the
home of Sergt. Ben Kelly from Camp
Kearney at the home of Mr. and Mrs.
John Chain in Tombstone canyon,
Thursday night
Mrs. R. M. Bradley and children
have gone to San Bernardino, Cal.,
where Mrs. Bradley will spend the
winter and send the children to school.
The little May-Flower club repeat
ed their entertainment Friday even
ing, Sept. 6, with a most patriotic
crowd attending. The program was
opened with words of welcome by lit
tle Miss Olla Ratteree, and some pa
triotic songs were sutig by Miss Win
nie Wood, accompanied on the piano
by her sister. Mrs. Iva May-Flowe.
The proceeds of the evening were
$42.50, making a total for the two en
tertainments of 50, which . was do
nated to tho Red Cross.
to Women
worn more than suits. The new
shorter coats show straight unbelted
lines; the longer ones are showing
unbelted backs which may be in panel
effect, or semi-fitted with the waist
line Bomewhat defined by a tiebelt 1(1
the front only. The fur collar and fur
coas will trim the coats, but the tuij
plice line vies with tfee round nee la.
The throw scarf which is attach et
to the coat lg another trimming for
the neck. i
The coats of the suits are somewhat
longer than knee length, and often
show an uneven line at the bottom
fur and fur cloth are both used. The
skirts are narrow and though stilt
short in Paris the leading New York
dressmakers are making them longer
than they were formerly. The colors
ane few and dark; African brown,
light taupe, navy blue and purple.
The Coat Dress- '
The general appearance of frocks as
of suits and coats) Is. "narrow and
straight. Some of the smartest dressesjus
are known as coat-cresses. These
either look like a dreds or a long
I
J
coat, and in some instances suggest
a suit. Tntil cold weather they can
be worn for street without coats,
t Narrow bands nf short wool fringe
used close together in rows are a
new trimming, with the fringe very
often the same color as the dress. An
other economical device is finishing
the bottom of the skirt or roat with
a cord ratter than a hem. Long
tunics often at the side only, will be
used of the winter, as well as shorter
tunics which suggest a coat dress. For
autumn wear the black or navy blue
satin frock is the thing to be worn.
Dinner gowns will show tlie veiled
neck, especially at the back, while
cloth wraps and some fur wraps
take a draped line which accentuates
a narrow silhouette.
Winter millinery shows higher
crowns, the beret or tam-o-shanter
type and the widening of the brims
at the side with the narrower front
and back. Satin antique and valvets
are used extensively. One of the new
est trimmings Is a ruche of velvet,
and bows of ribbon, or a simple
"fancy" trim the small hats, while
the broad brims are considered al
most ornamental enough, except with
flat uncurled ostrich feathers, a quill,
or a little ball trimming.
War-Time Frocka
A way to make the separate skirt
and waist do the work of a one-piece
dress is to take the best pieces from
an old -dress and make a panel waist
For hard wear, satin .'or serge or
charmeuse 'will serve admirably. For
more formal wear make the blouse of
georgette crepe. Worn with a sep
arate skirt of the same color, either
of these waists give the effct of a
one-piece dress, and at not much ex
pense.
A suit that can be mad at borne
must be very simple, first choose a
color, the sameJ as any waist you
might have on hand, or to match a
peplum waist. The trimming if used
can be made from some old fur already
on hand. Otherwise use velvet. A
cape adds to the effect, one that is
detachable. Thus the model can be
worn as a suit, or the jacket and
skirt can be worn as -a coat dress,
or with on of the amart peplum
blouses the skirt can be worn as a
dress under a top-coat on the cold
est days.
Midnight blue serge with black satin
would be very smart, with the new
fringe trimming. A frock made wjth
the foundation of black gatln. a beau
tiful color scheme can be obtained
by using peacock blue meteor chiffon
for the top, with shaded jilnfc roses on
the narrow belt, made with tunic that
converts into a smart afternoon'- or
evening gown a style of wearing ap
parel that 1s to be very, popular In
these days of war. For a gray fonrida
tlon, pale blue, flesh color or pale
green In fact almost any of the paste'
shades .of chiffon or net with flowers
of contrasting shades would be at
tractive. Lilac with a narrow purple,
velvet ribbon belt and lilac and pur
ple flowers would be pretty on tan.-
The new round neck line with . a
turnover collar la charmingly achiev
ed, a bit of the foundation (Tress shows
in the. front like a chemisette and the
sleeves of the foundation show just
a little above the-elbow.. . -
Y. W. OA. Notes
The membership tea at tbe Y.'w. C
A. Friday afternoon was wall attend
ed. Miss Lois Wilson, -.who plays
beautifully rendered a violin solo -Hies
Ethel Brown played i tolanoysoKi.
Mrs. Coltcm. general : secretary,-gave
a complete report of the Pacific coast,
field conference held at ; Asiloinar.
Calif., telling of the two day 'conifer-J
ence of war workers and of the: or
ganization of the Y. W. C. A. at lined
up for the nation-wide :campalgu.
Among prominent field and national
secretaries present 'were Mrs. P-.
Perkins, chairman of . Washington, t).
C.;-Mlss Julia S. Lee from National
headquarters. New York City, who is
now executive chairman of tbe South
ern division. In this war campaign
Miss Ella Schooley. who is executive
finance chairman from National head
quarters and'-has spent alt months In
France, was present also. Total
amount to be raised in the'Y. M. C. A.
ooo.ooo, $100,000,000 by .the y. m.
C. A. and 116,000,000 by the Y. vv.
C. A. V
Miss Maniet Bromley, state direc
tor of war work campaign, made a
great many things clear to the women
who were so fortunate as to beak her
speak at the Y. W. C. A. Wednesday
and Y. W. C. A. co-operative campaign
afternoon. It makes one realise more
fully the great and' glorious good the
association is doing toward! winning
I the war. She told of the hostess
! houses, that most essential thing at a
I cantonment, that city of men at Miss
I Rramlev aDoke of them. Women were
doing new things, thinking In new
terms and devoting every effort to
make life pleaaanter And more home
like for our boys who are In train
ing. She said that at- Plattsburg, the
problem presented itself, tbe lack of
home influences for the soldiers, but
women soon rallied, for the ar-de-
nartmpnt In Wauhinrtoa turn (ill to the
women of America and asked them
what they were going to do to help
with the problem, they took the mon
ey and set about the task of organiz
ing and erecting a hostess bouse, at
Plattsburg, the first. There are now
fifty-five hostess houses at the differ
ent cantonments and forty-three under
construction. From coast to coast
these havens of rest extend to give
cheer and hospitality and comfort to
the homesick soldiers and extend a
welcome to the mothers and relatives
of the boys, that come to pay them a
visit before they go overseas. A cafe
teria is always conducted In connec
tion with these artistic meeting
places. A great amount of Information
I Is proffered each day to foreign wo
Imen, for a great many of them feel
, belligerent from lack of understand
ing. Often weddings are staged la this
homelike environment.
General Bell, ei President Taft and
other notables have expressed their
delight in these hostess houses. That
the women in charge may be lure of
their sincere sympathy and help. Ana
WEEKLY NEWS LETTER YOUNG
BIEN'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION
; OF WARREN MINING DISTRICT
. Members of the Y. M. C. A.' will be
pleased to learn that the plunge is
nearing completion, and will be open
Tuesday night' after 6 o'clock, secre
tary Putnam Is: confident that tbe as
sociation members will like thte pool.
Tuesday afternoon Secretary Earl
V. Thompson of the boys' department
is' planning a swimming meet in the
plunge. Following this event therrt
will be a membership rally in the gym
nasium, when the boys will welcome
Messrs. Putnam and Thompson. Ar
thur Not man, president of the asso
elation, wlllmake an address, as win
J. B. Potter pd T. L. Houston of the
boys' board.
A boxing bout between Young Dal
las and his sparring partner and a cor
net solo by Arthur Peterson and possi
bly a cornet duet, are also included in
the program. The rally will start at
6 30 p. m.
Industrial Secretary C. 'H. Hardin
has been busy and since the first of
the month has secured sixty-one mem
bers. He has made several trips
through the mines, and finds consid
erable enthusiasm for the Y. The
companies are adding more and more
married men to their payrolls, and
this, coupled with the fact that many
of the workers are awaiting call In
the draft, means that It will require
a concerted effort nl every assist
ance from the present members to
keep the association membership up
to its high water mark.
Tbe new association members se
cured by Mr. Hardin follows: William
Klrkwlck, C. E. McOeeln. J. F. Doug
las, W. C. Westbrook, H. W. Morgan.
Harry Pritcbard. W- K. Soauldlng, Ed
ward J. Harrison, N. If. Navarato,
Charles H. Martineau. George Wle
land, James Roach. Bernard McVelgn,
R. B. Furr, Jacjt Gilbert, E. L. Mc
MUlen, W. D. Biles, W. H. Schmidt,
S. R. Wight. W. 8. Norton, W. J.
Combs, Floyd Wheeler, C. Rosollno,
A. L. Davis, ft.; Lee Glasgow. C. E.
Hen son. W. E. Oxsheer. F. W. Tur
ner. AJgust Daley,! J. H- Holmes, M.
Mainland. 3. W."8tqckham. U F. Ve
lasco, J. f . Bowles, R. E. Biggs, C. D.
Baker, Ben Gold, N- M. Hogan. John
Black, W. G. lelpeweber. Antonio Pe
ralto, C. P. 81ack, Herb Wagner, J.
E. Davis, Jacob'. upanclo, J. E. Ses
sum. J. E. Rash. J. W. Kimmerly. P.
H. Hall. J. M. 'Quails, C. E. Walton.
Sam Rash, Verpon'. Robinson, W. S.
Wien, W. P. Majdan, E. T. Kempton,
E. S. Rasmussen, J. H- Klentzman, A.
B. Hamilton, Joe Martlgenne and
James Kltma.
Secretary Thompson of tae boy
department announces that the mem
bers of tha boys' department are going
on an eight-day camping trip to the
Huachuca mountains, starting Sept.
22. There will be more than twenty
boys making the trip, and a big time
is planned. While in tbe mountains
the boys will explqre all' of tbe can
yons' and site of ipterqst and also
4o aome tyuntlpg. :
- '
'Among the niw'Y- inembers Is Ed
J. Harrisbn, wbo ' recently Joined the
Copper Queen drafting and. engineer
ing forces that ar4 working on the
plans for the new concentrator which
will handle the:low: grade ore at Sac
ramento hill, i
Harry Reese: of the oy' depart
ment left, this week (or Los Angeles,
while Gordon Wallace, son: of I. W.
Wallace, will leave next week for the
same city. . . ( . . . .
'Physical . Director Schlrk received
a letter from Harry Crockett, member
of the local Y, from Pensacola, Fla.
Crockett is in tbe navy aviation de
partment, and is very . enthusiastic
over that branch of service.
Dewey Lawrence, popular Y' mem
ber, who helped behind the desk at
tbe association for some time, left this
request that as many hostess houses
be erected as fast ft possible.
Misg Bromley explained vert clear
ly tbe need, of the. 111.000,001) that
must be raised in October. She says
that 13.000.000 or If 000,000 will go to
wards building hostess bouses at
borne and abroad. An institution of
this kind is being oeprated in Paris,
called the Hotel Petrograd. -Near a
large munition works. There is more
danger than la ordinarily realizes
concerned with this necessary work,
one of our officers has said that he
j would rather be in a first line trench
(than making ammunition as far as
danger is concerned. Bo it la indeed
oar second line of defense. A rest
room for the tired Red Cross nurse is
provided, where they may receive
their friends and have afternoon tea.
The Y. W.:- C. A. 1ft thla great drive
knows that the qilotf. will be ralseoN
the same a for the Liberty loans anf
the Red Cross and all other demands
that have come to tbe people of Amer
ica. The women will rally as never
before and good -reports are expected
from the conference In Phoenix which
starts on Tuesday.
Some of the HUT classes are to be
held at the Y. W. C. A. As well As
at the Y. M..C. A. a soon as the sched
ule 4s arranged by those In charge
those wishing to register please do so
at the high school Mondag night at 7
o'clock.
LONDON, Sept. li. Owing to the
difficulties of supply and transporta
tion, the American military author
ities have requested tbe new British
committee, which vaa organized to
send parcels and fifts to the Amer
ican soldiers at th front, not to be
gin their distribution of food and
ordinary articles of wearing apparel
at the present time.
The British committee has there
fore decided to postpone the sending
of such parcels until these restrictions
are r-movMl. "
week for Ray. where he will enter
the employ of a mining company in
the capacity of timekeeper. j
E. B. Rider, head of the Copper
Queen efficiency department and one1
of the most enthusiastic workers on
the Y educational board of directors.!
left yesterday for Montreal, Can., and'
other eastern points. It is expected
that his trip will result in lIb entering
the service of tho army department in
an Important capacity.
S. M. Hatter, formerly assistant sec-1
retary of the Oakdale, TennA Y. bas j
take the place of Chauncty Mitchell.
now In Nashville. Mr. Hatter comes
well recommended, and has been sec
ond in rharee for several veara at one
of the largest railroad Y. M. C. A. or
ganizations in the country.
A gold star has been added to the
Y service flag, which Is on display In
the association lobby. The newest gold j
star is for Robert L. Redd, who bad ,
many friends here. He was a par-
ticularly close friend of Frank B run
in g, who was notified of Redd's death
in action in France.
Always ready to assist and f re-'
iuently leading the way In patriotic
endeavor, the association turned its ;
entire building over to Ray Krebs and
the registration board Thursday. In
addition all of tbe Y force assisted in :
the "registration of men for the new
draft. Included in those who assisted ;
In the registering were the following
who were sworn in by Secretary E. ;
A. Putnam, chief registrar, as regis-1
trars: T. N. Enochs, R. Thomas. A. j
R. Jaul, C. H. Hardin, L. R. Mover, j
J, B. Potter, E J Harrison, P. A. Yer
ian. A. O. Johnson, E. P. Brown, B.
B. Barn?s. E. B. Rider. S. S. Sarrortf. '
R. H. Colvin, Dr. Joseph J. Fleming, A.
Riley. J. F. Cassan. Dr. Rudolph H.
Blome. R. S Clinch, T. L. Houston. F.
F. Wray, A. V. Lea, Rev. A. Krich
baum, J. C. Ashmore. C. L. McNees,
E. W. flundin. J H. Hatton, L. R. !
Blol.m, H. E. Ross. L. J. Acosta. C. M. i
Beii'ion, A Valenzuela and W. P. Sta-
plea. In addition to the above the fol-1
lowing young ladies also did some ex j
cellent work: Misses Gertrude Dei-1
mond, Edna Kelly, Helen Moore. Edith 1
Lowe. Ellen Avery, Olive Horton. Jen- j
nle Warren, Lorain Cain. Blanche ;
Detloff. Carmellta Michaels, Addle;
Wittlg, Anna Bihler and Mrs. Vinlta
Cowan. , j
Associate Secretary Mecorney is
back on the Job again after several ,
days' illness, and is busy assisting i
Secretary Putnam line up plans for
th iall and winter campaign at the
association." ' - !
- The High-Y course, under Prof. X !
T. Bowles, is' shaping up nicely and
the largest number of students ever
enrolled here in this work is the pre
diction being made both by the Y in
structor and educational secretary and
by C. F. Phllbrook, superintendent of
the local schools. ;
A very exhaustive list of studies will
be included In the curriculum, of the j
High-Y course. In addition :to French, i
SpauUh, English, arithmetic, algebra,
geometry, trigonometry, physics,
chemistry, blacksniithlng, assaying. !
typewriting, shorthands stenptyplng.
geology and art, there will be a larger
and better mining course.
' Those who wish to enter should by
all means sign an enrollment blank
at tbe Y before Monday night, wheu
the students will meet at the High
school to decide on recitation nights.
Gas Fired Water
For Attaching
-to Yow
Range Boiler
Bisbee
Registered Bonds
Third Liberty Loan Are
. Now Ready for
Delivery
PAINTS
A GOOD paint is worth what you have to pay for
it and a POOR PAINT is worth nothing at any price.
Mountain and Plain Paint
is the best that is made and every gallon of it is abso
lutely guaranteed by US, and the price is no more.
q Also SPENCEJ KELLOG Pure Linseed oil. none
better. '
Gibson-Hines Lumber Co.
J. W. F. SMITH
Manager
BARRETT
Ever-Lastic Roofing
See advertisement on inside cover of Saturday Evening
Post of August 3. We have a full car in stock.
Bisbee Lumber Co.
EMIL MARKS, Mgr. Lowell Car Stop PHONE 25
Attention Cattlemen
WANTED -
Fat Cattle for Slaughtering
GIVE CLASS, LOCATIONand TIME OF DELIVERY
Address
E. A. TOVREA & CO., Bisbee, Ariz.
Provides abundant supply of
hot water at reasonable cost.
Call at our store and ask for
demonstration, or make re
quest for representative to call
upon you.
Improvement Co.
Phone 88
Heater
J
!Lli; FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 1918.
COMPLETE CORRECTED UNOFFICIAL RETURNS OF THE PRIMARY ELECTION
o
p
7
a:
CO
S3
o
09
CO
r
o
rt
3
3
I
p
p
P
8
co
3
a
a
i
0)
CU
3
a
-t
o
a
H
o
3
O
n
o
CO
rt
i
O
O
o
rt
rt
ce
co
3
3
Q)
3
CO
O
3-
ST
CO
o
rt
O
-i
n
a
P
O
a
k
a
3
3
o
3
o
3
3 o
co
co
X
5"
CO
"
CO
2
3C
c .
oq
3
rt
co
X
Cu
ft
3
f
a.
n
o
$
0
0
cu
O
IP
c
c
3
CO
3
n
o
o
3
a
5
D3
n
rt
n
ft
o
c
0)
r
o
cr
co
O
3
a
o
o
o
o
c
5s H P
rt
3
3
5'
OQ
co
0)
cr
o
Co '
co
ft
3
n
f
ce
o
3
r
ce
o
3
3 cn
O
3
C
op
sr
3
cu
oq
rt
in
rt
3
3
ft
1
zr
2
C
3
to
7 IP.
a. h
7 n
2- r
2 S-
3 : "i
. : 3
TOMBSTONE
' FAIRBANKS
JOHNSON
DRAGOON
- HEREFORD
PEARCE
DON LUIS
COCHISE
CURTIS
ST. DAVID
SERVOSS
AIcNEAL ..;
NACO ..
DOUGLAS NO. 10
DOUGLAS NO. 9
COURT LAND
"WEEB
BENSON
GLEESON
DOUGLAS NO. 8
DOUGLAS NO. 1
DOUGLAS NO. 7
DOUGLAS NO. 2
DOUGLAS NO. 3
DOUGLAS NO. 4
DOUGLAS NO. 5
BISBEE NO. 1 .
BISBEE NO. 2
BISBEE NO. 3
BISBEE NO. 4
BISBEE XO. 5
BISBEE NO. 6
LOWELL NO. 1
LOWELL NO. 3
"WARREN
DOS CABEZOS
MESCAL
BUENA
TIRTLEVILLE
SAN SIMON
APACHE
P.ERNARDINO
EL DORADO
GRACES
WILLCOX
BOWIE
POOL i
PARADISE
LIGHT
ROBINSON ..
WILGUS
LOWELL NO. 2
DOUGLAS NO. 6
TURNER
WEST HUACHUCA
WHITEWATER
MCALLISTER
RUCKER
CENTRAL BRIDGE
142
12
27
19
33
26
41
44
17
43
23
43
2S
41
87
36
17
41
59
73
93
59
122
87
143
200
174
178
122
222
105
278
118
224
16.
18
25
89
113
54
6
19
157 .
5
35
51
18
15
77
143
27
6
12
19
12
23
90 73 58 12 125 46 124 148 143 43 69 84 10 136 67 40 58 98 69 98 90
12 5 5 .... 13 3 7 12 16 2 8 8 9 8 5 1 10 2 6 12
21 8 6 7 20 10 21 27 20 9 4 26 .... 26 10 7 11 24 7 23 9
10 5 5 6 28 9 . 9 16 12 4 4 8 3 16 8 4 5 9 7 10 7
13 18 27 3 8 17 18 28 29 7 8 21 3 26 15 8 6 9 23 19 18
11 12 10 13 7 11 17"" 22 21 8 8 10 8 23 4 14 6 20 6 20 9
20 25 27 11 23 24 25 39 40 10 5 33 7 40 - 16 , 10 17 18 33 30 24
23 13 11 12 28 14 30 33 45 7 33 9 1 39 11 4 19 40 7 28 22
11 6 8 2 8 6 12 16 17 1 3 11 4 18 3 5 10 8 9 6 11
25 14 26 6 21 19 25 42 41 6 12 36 1 41 11 5 25 24 18 22 28
16 6 6 4 18 9 15 19 20 5 20 4 1 20 6 4 11 15 9 10 16
8 30 33 1 9 35 7 39 22 21 17 21 4 28 23 12 5 4 30 29 14
26 25 24 5 31 18 27 41 52 2 29 21 2 45 16 16 14 15 30 23 34
21 35 - 44 8 24 30 33 39 34 26 22 22 13 29 25 21 11 23 37 43 21
41 54 46 13 61 38 70 78 68 32 67 30 9 . 80 30 49 22 76 28 46 66
19 16 25 10 14 26 20 31 24 18 16 26 .... 29 17 9 17 26 14 32 13
7 11 6 4 5 14 13 14 3 6 12 1 16 3 7 5 8 9 5 16
92 22 17 7 26 17 32 42 40 5 30 14 2 42 29 4 16 25 16 36 14
35 20 34 18 24 32 33 51 50 18 17 34 6 44 27 8 19 52 22 34 42
36 49 31 10 59 20 78 73 65 28 65 37 2 69 19 39 25 57 .28 56 38
39 59 63 16 49 29 83 83 65 44 43 60 7 85 32 40 31 53 56 77 49
25 51 54 11 28 32 50 58 54 31 26 43 9 61 34 25 25 34 41 63 40
55 78 88 21 73 61 113 113 118 40 58 87 5 107 34 61 44 84 7 65 102
46 79 104 28 43 66 84 39 89 54 44 83 14 .... 46 41 48 76 67 88 66
39 68 45 9 73 28 86 S5 T3 32 54 46 6 79 20 49 38 64 36 65 48
74 91 111 27 77 56 144 149 116 70 83 80 12 137 ,60 64 62 106 68 138 61
99 141 187 24 97 103 158 192 135 115 85 133 40 178 116 59 54 86 193 1S5 S2
98 110 157 21 89 86 151 150 146 78 77 122 26 152 103 60 44 75 168 182 61
115 108 107 18 143 70 162 174 163 65 104 111 16 164 71 82 57 106 134 116 84
82 66 62 19 118 53 105 116 116 39 69 77 13 112 50 69 29 81 93 107 70
109 124 126 36 168 91 179 209 185 86 109 , 138 17 199 93 68 66 126 150 220 68
41 72 94 14 49 46 83 96 72 51 37 84 12, 89 54 39 25 49 87 102 35
164 15S 264 35 115 153 206 269 219 125 125 167 50 . 261 114 116 78 116 267 242 128
62 69 116 15 49 5 92 120 101 54 68 64 18 119 60 35 27 54 116 113 42
164 121 104 65 203 88 238 226 250 69 172 110 26 229 70 142 67 179 144 245 89
6 11 1 4 15 9 9 17 15 5 4 13 2 18 6 6 6 14 5 15 4
14 2 16 .. 2 2 15 16 16 5 7 4 17 14 .... 2 15 12 4
15 9 10 8 17 13 10 24 24 3 6 , 18 2 20 10 5 7 15 12 23 11
41 50 83 14 28 36 74 78 72 32 36 50 10 77 33 31 31 56 42 67 48
47 42 57 23 68 52 56 87 100 17 SO 62 9 84 35 31 25 62 35 59 62
30 18 15 6 36 24 28 48 52 4 15 - 31 4 48 11 16 21 24 20 9 46
42723 266714 4 .... 8125 5'144
9 6 2 2 15 1 15 13 13 3 2 11 4 8 1 4 6 9 2 13 6
15 2 11 6 16 15 12 .... 28 3 5 17 2 - 10 6 7 2 14 16 16
96 53 50 36 111 22 156 142 122 39 97 55 9 139 67 55 30 ' 57 95 129 49
43 32 55 17 25 29 55 .... 65. 19 30 50 7 .... 28 22 25 44 32 70 25
1 3 .... 42 2 3 5 4 1 2 4 .... 6 2 .... 1 2 3 1 5
17 15 22 6 12 17 18 29 31 6 4 31 2 29 7 18 9 26 10 15 21
25 13 22 7 28 21 29 41 43 7 2,5 17 5 39 14 17 9 20 20 28 25
13 6 16 5 7 8 9 14 20 3 10 6 5 15 1 8 8 14 3 10 9
10 5 5 2 8 7 8 13 16 .... 2 12 .... 13 4 6 3 9 6 11 5
44 37 59 17 28 31 60 76 69 21 32 54 7 79 31 23 23 4S 32 69 31
52 115 166 20 47 84 115 127 117 67 85 87 17 117 92 50 32 86 103 124 83
17 13 16 4 12 10 15 23 20 .... 15 12 . 2 25 13 5 10 14 10 21 3
14521 436423 21513 2 3233
83 11 12 94 11 766 32 10 352 478 5
9 6 2 2 15 1 15 14 13 3 2 11 4 8 1 4 '6 9 2 13 6
83212 94 11 766 32 10 352 4735
12 - yl 12 3 6 11 14 21 19 4 5, 12 4 21 3 9 7 10 14 13 12
49
6
10
4
16
19
25
7
3
18
9
25
10
32
40
6
3
12
30
40
46
64
64
81
44
84
150
128
88
61
113
70
185
87
101
1
6
5
69
27
19
3
1
6
43
2S
8
11
2
7
28
117'
10
2
8
1
t
12
125
9
24
12
22
13
31
25
16
22
19
16
27
68
32
16
28
42
68
57
41
74
76
68
97
133
115
167
123
182
63
198
86
257
13
15
21
58
80
31
3
12
129
64
5
28
29
13
11
70
83
21
3
6
12
6
11
92
7
20
8
18
11
20
33
15
28
14
12
36
31
71
23
13
33
35
62
70
37
99
64
77
114
106
101
138
89
128
49
156
61
192
11
6
73
45
63
31
4
12
17
95
38
25
27
10
7
42
7S
17
4
5
12
5
11
41
2
5
3
14
7
12
24
2
8
13
9
21
33
71
15
10
13
18
61
57
37
71
78
67
98
47
37
43
25
39
19
69
23
61
1
4
3
66
38
34
3
1
7
75
6
1
18
10
7
5
7
81
5
1
4
1
4
19
58
3
14
4
16
10
20
10
7
10
10
24
15
21
25
' 8
6
10
24
25
27
32
35
43
26
52
108
86
57
38
66
53
109
50
68
14
4
7
28
37
14
3
2
4
41
55
3
9
9
7
5
50
54
7
6
2
6
5
95
11
20
12
17
16
26
32
12
36
14
17
27
39
85
35
16
25
55
70
68
49
92
99
87
134
92
88
127
94
127
44
,124
46
185
10
3
10
68
42
28
7
12
10
109
32
2
19
35
12
13
38
110
16
4
6
12
6
17
120
10
IS
10
12
6
14
16
13
27
11
S
26
11
37
14
9
23
20
33
37
31
45
42
41
56
59
75
116
60
89
27
102
41
150
8
1
10
32
42
17
1
14
11
34
22
3
11
15
23
8
24
40
15
4
5
14
5
8
60
1
15
2
15
10
26
5
6
18
8
22
17
21
30
13
6
8
19
29
29
22
35
31
22
38
162
135
109
72
139
71
183
S4
125
5
2
7
22
32
10
1
2
9
29
24
1
9
15
28
67
4
1
42
3
IS
8
21
15
18
5
6
19
9
19
13
28
44
8
3
12
22
29
64
61
31
89
110
93
67
48
87
55
147
60
82
4
3
8
44
41
15
3
8
8
49
27
2
10
20
7
7
27
98
15
2
5
8
7
5
64
10
IS
7
17
.13
29
10
4
13
13
32
28
27
35
23
15
19
34
33
37
3S
61
79
28
67
132
110
86
66
110
59
156
64
109
14
3
15
49
66
23
3
3
14
46
37
3
21
25
6
7
41
91
11
4
11
3
3
n
30
6
2
5
4
8
7
3
2
7
8
13
15
30
7
6
10
23
IS
22
14
38
4Q
28
41
45
37
31
11
44
21
41
24
47
4
1
3
37
31
16
2
3
3
14
15
4
21
9
4
5
IS
40
5
2
4
3
8
4
59
4
9
2
3
2
15
IS
6
4
4
2
9
7
26
10
5
19
32
20
16
21
22
49
32
66
63
85
65
92
37
68
34
136
3
4
5
26
5
1
2
6
76
14
3
10
9
5 -
3
14
28
9
2
2
2
3
3
81
3
13
6
13
IS
2S
32
15
16
13
13
16
23
45
14
8
15
33
48
42
28
5S
59
36
88
113
194
13S
114
139
62
144
67
177
6
8
38
47
17
1
4
13 '
96
28
2
10
20
7
6
29
71
12
2
4
4
10
4
TOTALS
3749 2226 2289 2780 700 2421 1820 3287 3526 3740 1493 2043 2454 452 3401 1696 1542 1245 2409. 2553 3309 2019 2127 3092 2641 1574 1537 2727 17S6 1565 1S89 2092 933 1370 2266 1414
k
rt
7J
O
cr
to
r h
2 CO
ft . rt
P EL
to rt
CO
3
o
ft
CO
CO
a
to
-
rt"
CU
O
P
O
t
o
CO
co
ft
o
o
3
SL
cu
co
to
3
CU
Co
P
DC
c
oq
3
rt CO
S3
o
cr
rt
to
c
ft
ft
Co
p
rt
3
ft
3-
rt
n
zr
rt
3
co
O
3
P
CU
to
3
co
O
3-
3
co
O
3
O
3-
3
73
o
ft
7T
O
o
to
3
rt
co
73
to
V!
CD
1
rt
cr
CO
O
CO
rt
O
tr
to
5"
o
c
p
rt-
ft
sr
3
P
3
ST
2 3-
O
rt
o
t
oq
rt
CO
3
TOMBSTONE
JOHNSON
FAIRBANKS
DRAGOON
HEREFORD .
PEARCE
DON LUIS
COCHISE ..
CURTIS
.ST. DAVID
SERVOSS
MrNEAL .
NACO
DOUGLAS NO. 10
DOUGLAS NO. 9
COURTLAND
WEBB
BENSON . .
GLEESON
DOUGLAS NO. 8
DOUGLAS NO. 1
DOUGLAS NO. 7
DOUGLAS NO. 2
DOUGLAS NO. 3
DOUGLAS NO. 4
DOULAS NO. 5
BISBEE. NO. 1
BISBEE NO. 2
BISBEE NO. 3 ..
1.ISBEE NO. 4 .
BISBEE NO. 5
LISBEE NO. 6...
LOWELL NO. 1
LOWELL NO. 3 ..
WARREN
DOS CABEZOS ......
MESCAL
BUENA
PIRTLEVILLE
SAN SIMON
APACHE
.BERNARDINO .. .
EL DORADO
GRACES
WILLCOX
BOWIE
POOL
PARADISE .
LIGHT
ROBINSON
WILGUS
LOWELL NO. 2
DOUGLAS NO 6
TURNER
WEST HUACHUCA
WHITEWATER
MCALLISTER
RUCKER
CENTRAL BRIDGE
TOTAL
73 46 50 55 72 61 42 76 10 149 45 128 51 117 145 54 175 137 18 166 17
10 1 2 4 6 11 4 3 1 12 3 11 1 11 12 4 15 13 .... 19
14 16 12 3 10 9 9 12 2 25 16 12 12 15 14 17 30 31 5 27 1
8 6 4 1 5 6 4 6 1 16 9 7 11 1 4 17 16 17 1 15 13
8 5 22 4 7 12 2 21 .. 25 18 14 31 5 5 ' 26 29 30 11 24 2
8 12 5 7 13 15 2 13 .... 26 10 15 7 12 21 12 27 27 3 27 10
19 10 15 22 18 16 8 27 7 30 28 26 26 34 26 19 47 44 10 39
21 9 6 21 27 24 12 11 1 3u 32 11 r 11 24 35 22 38 42 12 20 4
9 7 6 8 10 3 2 13 .... 16 6 12 4 13 9 8 16 17 3 15 .
26 35 12 13 22 14 4 20 5 35 14 26 16 24 27 24 4l 41 12 24
10 5 3 6 9 10 3 12 .... 20 14 4 6 13 16 12 19 13 6 13
3 18 28 4 18 .... 10 30 3 23 29 10 31 13 6 28 42 37 6 35
9 20 20 20 22 27 12 23 2 42 24 28 17 32 40 12 45 47 4 52
18 12 29 7 32 1 18 34 23 38 41 22 33 21 22 35. 48 55 9 46
31 21 31 27 71 5 49 33 27 58 43 54 33 .56 62 40 87 94 14 84
13 11 17 12 16 12 6 30 35 18 24 16 9 21 37 37 35 4 37
5 16 7 1 10 4 7 4 4 17 6 11 5 9 9 12 1 15 13 3 15
26 21 21 15 17 23 12 12 2 35 27 16 19 22 26 28 42 40 ' 13 31
29 24 18 12 16 13 13 44 5 49 29 39 27 34 45 35 66 66 13 45
32 12 21 30 60 4 69 19 6 60 43 53 21 64 60 35 75 75 ... 79
2S 21 42 23 53 6 79 40 11 50 64 57 54 40 49 54 90 99 IS 94
19 25 35 7 32. 1 36 32 23 52 59 30 49 23 31 46 63 70 21 50
32 38 42 22 75 3 91 49 2S 73 92 78 60 66 82 58 119 127 31 110
36 28 52 21 67 2 48 60 63 .... 118 49 73 66 79 71 .... 32 71
35 24 28 24 56 3 78 27 14 62 40 75 31 60 69 40 94 93 16 86
.-(9 36 62 36 94 7 85 79 36 117 89 94 74 72 98 101 151 167 31 143
81 67 171 81 63 25 52 210 15 ISO 150 87 191 86 86 159 198 206 66 172
78 56 131 79 50 35 43 168 11 132 121 86 170 87 77 128 175 186 60 156
111 57 117 128 97 43 67 135 11 159 91 120 115 143 121 93 195 208 58 172
87 39 87 100 67 33 50 93 10 103 65 77 74 119 91 54 138 145 40 120
129 70 166 131 84 . 62 73 155 19 172 114 132 150 172 125 110 230 255 74 200 31
40 41 70 42 40 12 25 108 6 .... 72 45 90 42 43 71 99 110 33 82 IS
6 104 248 96 120 96 73 220 16 220 200 129 ' ' 236 102 113 213 290 316 100 254
SO 45 112 45 44 38 27 97 14 98 88 55 108 71 52 73 116 133 36 108
. 1S3 S4 162 174 141 107 108 121 12 220 95 184 127 209 192 98 261 279 65 243
9 14 6 5 11.9" 3 6 .... 16 9 9 13 4 2 16 17 18 1 17 7
16 1 1 13 .... 12 3 10 12 1 3 12 14 15 1 14
7 16 10 2 9 8 5 20 1 19 11 12 3 11 29 9 25 31 3 26 7
24 23 46 6 50 8 38 39 44 74 71 45 66 37 38 64 93 96 23 78 17
39 33 32 25 45 81 16 19 21 92 27 68 36 44 62 61 92 85 20 82 2
13 10 8 5 24 4 40 2 12 38 7 48 12 25 36 19 49 60 4 46
1 4 4 .... 5 3 .... 535 443377 .... 7
9 8 1 2 2 5 .... 13 .... 8 6 7 2 8 9 12 15 17 ... 17
10 15 8 .5 7 10 13 9 14 10- 14 20 18 10- 7 25
88 4S 35 72 74 115 17 42 4 123 66 66 66 76 90 101 141 140 22 141
27 6 24 11 20 25 9 50 9 .... 44 31 30 22 39 64 .... 19 60
1 2 1 1 1 3 2 1 .... 3 3 1 , 2 1 1 3 4 5 2 2 ...
12 19 8 3 16 10 4 5 21 25 11 23 17 14 13 24 32 37 1 34 3
16 17 6 7 20 17 23 17 .... 38 9 34 25 11 . 12 43 44 44 8 34 2
13 25 4 1 2 2 .... 9 6 11 I 10 12 4 12 17 17 17 7 8
4 7 10 2 10 4 7 2 3 10 9 5 5 4 7 12 15 15 3 12 3
29 29 19 12 24 30 9 50 9 65 46 33 32 23 41 50 76 7" 19 67
32 40 86 25 82 2 43 101 78 110 142 71 107 49 72 116 110 17 41 113
6 7 6 4 10 5 5 20 .... 27 13 11 14 10 19 15 30 2i. , 8 20
3 3 2 .... 1 5 3 .... 6 2 4 .... 2 5 5 , 5 5 5
486451 10 3 .... 2 S 5 9 5 1 9 12 10 4 8
9 8 1 ... 2 5 .... 13 .... 8 6 7 2 S 9 12 15 17 .... 17
4 S 6 4 5 1 10 3 .... 2 S 5,9 5 1 , 3 12 it) 4 8
6 10 10 2 12 4 3 11 8 IS 8 14 16 12 7 14 20 23 13 11
17S0 1430 2257 1479 1878 10S8 1492 2441 609 2939 2444 2313 250S 22S9 2442 2491 3S53 4007 1042 3700
1
1
24
Orpheum
iheatre
MONDAY and TUESDAY
RETURN OF THE BIG MUSICAL SHOW
Broadivay
follies
IN A CORKING BIG-TROPICAL SHOW
"A Night in-
TT IT ?99
oawaii
SPECIAL SCENERY NEW COSTUMES
Everything New But the Pretty Girls
WEDNESDAY AND THURSDAY, ANOTHER
ENTIRELY NEW SHOW
lananaLand'
PRICES, 35 & 50c
TWO SHOWS 7 AND 9
COPFER QUEEN HOTEL
AND HIGH CLASS CAFE
The best of everythina at reasonable a la carte price.
A Special 60c luncheon daily. Also $1.00 dinner from
5:20 to 7:30 p. m. Regular Board by the month, $45.00
Henry Poppen, Manager.
iUBSCRIBE -FOR TEE DAILY REVIEW
L J. OVERLOOK, BROKER
Correspondents: Paine, Weber 4. Co., Boston, Duluth, Calumet.
LOGAN 4 BRYAN, NEW YORK AND CHICAGO
SPECLAL ATTENTION GIVEN COFPER STOCK
S3
15
S
S
8
13
5
6
IS
11
2
11
13
27
S
3
17
6
17
32
19
40
37
35
4S
86
77
60
42
84
40
92
31
S7
6
"$
43
36
8
1
3
8
23
24
15
6
3
4
25
. 55
9
2
3
3
11
3
- -r
.:.
I -...v.- THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 1918.
FIVE
r
REVIEW WANT ADS
.Advertisements under this head at the rate of 1 cent per word for each
Issue, with a minimum charge of 23 cents. Advertisements must reach
The Review office not later than 8 p. m. for insertion the next morning.
Male Help WanUd
WANTED Four ranch hands, "good
wages. Warren ranch. 310
WANTED Butchers. Tovrea's mar
ket. Apply Bisbee office. 2u7
AKllfcl TO "IT. JH. J. A. ocnool, lms
Angeles, - aooui auio, itauio, jwu- ,
uieiciui ana .engineering
CUUIMCB.
iram ior service.
Female Help Wanted
WANTED Ten bright capable ladies
to travel, demonstrate and sell well
known goods to establisned dealers.
25 to $50 per week; railroad fare
paid; weekly advance for traveling
expenses. , Address at once Goodrich
. . companv, Dept. 131, Omaha,
4 i'J
WAN TED Ironers.
ury, Bakerville.
Standard Laun
315 WANTED Girl lor general house
work, only one desiring permanent
position need apply. Phone 416. 116
WANTED A competent woman for
general housework. I'houo Green
S53. ' S73
For Sale
FOR SALE Few hundred shares Ari
zona Automatic Air stock. Box 5S2,
Blsbee. 231
FOR SALE Reed breakfast set, four
chairs and forty-two inch table with
plate glass top; also water power
washing machine. 33 Quality hill.
237
FOR SALE Modern house, close in,
good location. Apply M., care Re
view. 121
FOR SALE Good building lots, live
minutes walk from Dean mine. Mrs.
Winwood, Winwood addition. $50
and up. 66
FOR SALE Fixtures, soft drink and
tobacco stand. Privilege of renting
entire store building. Bauer block.
opposite depot.
1 '
FOR SALE Crescent hotel, Brewery .
Gulch. Wilbur A. McLean.
!t20
FOR SALE New five - room house,
nicely furnished, part cash. Call
Black 573 for information, or ad
dress Box 11S9, Bisbee. 226
FOR SALE Electric motor for sew
ing machine, Victrola, piano, sewing
machine, library table, electric fix-;
tures, bed clothes, dishes and ot'eer j
things
Maternity Home,
Mason
hilL
226 ! ;
FOR SALE Best little restaurant in
Bisbee for sale cheap. All new
equipment. Cali at office of Rod
McDonald, 14 Allen block for par
ticulars. 224 !
FOR SALE Three room house furn
ished, also one room house rented
for store, three lots, good location
in Tombstone canyon. Trice $1SOO.
For terms see Gus Haigler, the real
estate man. 222
FOR SALE Buick light six, 1917
model, in first class condition.--F.
J. Keogh Auto Upholstery & Paint
Shop, Ixwell. 974
FOR SALE Furniture of five room
modern house, all in excellent con
dition, includes everything neces
sary for keeping house. Great bar
gain. House may be rented to pur
chaser if desired. Location, Billy
Robinson house, Quarry canyon.
Ring up Black 704 before a a. m. or
between 6 and 7 p. m. 3o!t
,.,, ... , , , j
FOR SALE-Six nom house and fur- j
tiiLuie. waiei, jjuis anu gas, an m
good condition. On leased ground.
Call at 65 Upper Lowell. 306 ,
Maxwell five passenger
FOR SALE
car. 1917 model, run 16oo miles. $450
cash, or terms. Phone Wilson, Red
527, Sund-y or 2os week uays. 348
FOR SALE One six room house, !
large lot, shrubbery, well fenced, in j
fine condition, good terms to re-'
sponsible party.
Warren.
A. J. Fairclaueh,
343
FOR SALE Four toom house. 63 !
Quality hill. Phone lied 754. "331 I,
FOR SALE OR TRADE E. El Paso
lots for house in "Bisbee, or car. Ad
dress Box 21'i2. Hi. bee. 3 4
. :
FOR SALE Complete tent, size fcxln,
like new. Price $10. 21 Curve street,!
east of Convent, opposi'e. Gibson j
Hines Lumber company, Tomb.-tone j
canyon.- 3 32!
SFOR SALE Five room and four room ,
house on small payments of $250;
down, balance like rent. Near Lin-!
coin fcchool. Box X X, Review. 317
Wanted
WANTED To rent, three or four
room furnished house. Box 15M),
City. 314
WANTED To buy a lnur or five
room house in Warren. State par
ticulars in t.r. t letter . I". T., Ke
view. 34i
.WANTED To rent, thie to live
renin finnulipd houe by October 1
Phone V''.. :w,
MRS. fcOYLK Clairvoyant, card
readinpf Hours 1" a m. to 2: p.
m 17 Montana street, first street
back of Lowrll bakery. "12
WANTED MoNea! valley farm, im
proved preferred, give full disrup
tion, state best price. Fape. rare ot
Review. Jl
WANTED Clean rags
f.ce.
.e lew ot-.
oh-tf j
For Sale
FOR SALE Lot with barn on, Black
knob View. E. Sulger, C. & A. of
fice. Warren. 261
FOR SALE Good fiber trunk.
Write
216
W. C. W care Review.
FOR SALE Complete furnishings ot
twenty-seven
l'hone 395.
room house.
$i20.
2u0
i ull SALE 1917 Hupmobile, in first
class condition, run less than 400U
miles. Call 5G8 or 462. 2m 1
FOR SALE Oldsmouiie touring car
in fine condition. Tires in good
shape. Must be sold. See this car
at the Slag Dump Garage. lHii
FOR SALE Story & Clark upright
piano, new, reasonable terms. Box
3113. Lowell. 205
For Rent .
FOR KENT Furnished room in pri
vate lainiiy, eitner ior lauy or gen
tlemen. Phone 318. dh
FOR RENT Two room house nicel7
furnished. Kent $15. J. Brown, lu2
High road.
IFOR RENT Furnished rooms, Pritch-
ard's house, Brophy car stop. 3C2
FOR RiiNT Two Tarnished house
keeping rooms. Sirs. V. J. Shearer,
14 Laundry hill. 152
FOR RENT Two rooms furnished
for housekeeping, no children. 2S
Montana street, Johnson addition.
254
i FOR RENT Furnished bed room, pri
j vate entrance. 127 School hill. 304
FOR RENT Furnished rooms for
light housekeeping. Rent reason
able. 56 Upper Lowell, across Lo
well depot. 305
FOR RENT "Five room completely
furnished house. $25 per month. E.
A. Hillam, opposite James Malley,
Don Luis.
S08
FOR RENT One furnished room for
one or two gentlemen, with privi
lege of boarding. Phone 671. 326
FOR RENT Five room house with
bath and sleeping porch. 122 Quar
ry canyon, subject to sale of furni
ture. Phone Black 617, or see E. G.
Ruifner. 32:
FOR
RENT Housekeeping apart
ment, close in. 31-C O. K. street.
Phone Black 571.
JVlisceUaneous
GOSSARD CORSETS FOR SALE $2
up. All corsets carefully fitted.
Ines Warburton, over Independent
Feed store, upper Main street. Zi'.t
MARTIN'S MINERAL BATHS AND
MASSAGE SPECIALIST For rheu
matism, lumbago, plurisy, head
aches, nervousness, manipulations
and curviture of spine treated scien
tifically. Office third floor Maze
building. Open 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.
Nurse in attendance. 705
MADAME J. REA KEYS, St. Regis ho
tel. Lowell. Ariz. Phone 62. Clair
voyant and crystar reader. Dead
trance spirit medium, born with a
double veil, without asking ques
tions gives you dates, facts and fig
ures, and will read your entire life.
Office hours 9 to 8. Phone 62.
Homo phone 651, Mason hill. 176
Money to Loan
SMALL qmci loans on your personal
uoio to salaried men anu women, at-
on furnuure cox an co Koom
z. Lyric Tneatre Dunaing.
"Our victorious arms." announces
the kaiser, having not yet succeeded
jm niirely breaking our enemies'
will." Credit thP royal Potsdamnier,
for once, with a thoroughly conserva
tive statement. New Orleans Tiraes
1'ic iwne.
Lost
LOST Third Liberty loan bond, Nc.
3,867.989. Owner's name oil envelope
enclosing bond. Return to Review
office. 333
i LOST Man's 15-jeweI Walthan
i watch, gold filled case. Little girl's
I picture in case. Reward if returned
i to Y. M. C. A. 307
LOST New bl.ick curtain Dodge car,
Wednesday evening. Finder return
to lib-key's grocery. ; Reward. 303
IF THE PARTY that found war stamp
hock belonging to Mrs. C. Pinkerton
wiil. write Box 3161. Lowell, they
will hear something to their advant
age. 290
Salesmen
SALESMEN New fall line now
ready. Easy seller. Sales guaran
teed. Express paid. ? commission
per order and repeats. Pan Mfg.
Co. 255S Cottage Groe avenue,
Chicago. 315
NATIONAL FOREST TIMBER
FOR SALE
S'-aled bids v. ill be recep.ed by the
Id trii;t Forester, Albuquerque. New
Mexico, up to and including Septem
ber 24. 191$, for all the merchantable
de;;d timber of all rpe; ies except as
herein below reeivrd. standing or
down, tuiiable for rordwood on an
ar"i Tiihraring about 25t'.ft acres on
what is lc.c a!!v knon as the Reel.''
wrhin Sections H. 15. 22 and 23. T 2i
S . R. -21' E . HiM"huca Division of
the ( oronado National Forest, esti
r.iH,fvl to I ,Mtto rords, mnre or h s.
rle.id " oo'I. Juniper tuitabie for
posts :!i..e!d fro: sa'.e as cordncod
No bid cf lets than 50 cents per rord
FOREIGN BORN MEN
BOUGHT MUCH OF
THIRD LIBERTY LOAN
FORTY-ONE PER ; CENT OF SUB
SCRIBERS WERE NATURALIZED
CITIZENS WITH GERMAN BORN
ELEMENT TAKING LARGER
PERCENTAGE THAN OTHERS
(Bv Review Lensed V'.ro)
WASHINGTON, Sept. 14. Amer
ica's foreign born population immi
grants within the last generation, and
Germans particularly poured out
their savings for Liberty bonds of the
third loan more generously, in consid
eration of their limited financial abil
ity, than native citizens.
This is indicated -by- a treasury re
port estimating subscriptions of citi
zens of thirty-eight nationalities at
$741,437,000, or nearly 18 per cent of
the $4,176,000,000 total of the third
loan.
The number of bond buyers was es
timated at 7,061,000. or 41 per cent of
the total of 17,000.000 on the roll of
subscribers, and the average subscrip
tion among the foreign speaking popu
lation, was calculated at $105. Ger
mans made the biggest record of all
nationalities.
Subscriptions actually reported
and tabulated by nationalities amount
ed to $407,790,000, but it was estimat
ed this sum represented only about 55
per cent of the total, much of which
was included in the big -stream of
general subscriptions without designa
tion of the subscriber's nationality.
This record was cited by the treas
ury today in support of claims of en
thusiastic patriotism apparent among
the nation's foreign born citizens dur
ing past loan campaigns. In nearly
every city and town having many re
cent immigrants, selling committees
already have heen formed in prepara
tion for the fourth loan campaign
which will open September 28. This
organization work is supervised by a
section of the treasury's loan bureau,
directed by Hans Pieg, an American
of German descent, who speaks more
than a dozen languages.
After the Germans, the Italians,
Poles, Bohemians, and Jews turned in
the greatest amount of subscriptions.
The Jewish record, however, is be
lieved to be insufficiently represented
by the $16,737,000 reported.
By nationalities, subscriptions in
cluded the following:
German. $S7,i5.0oO; Italian, $52,
247,OOOt Polish, $37,583.000 ; Bohem
ian, $31,750,000; Jewish. $16,737,550;
Hungarian. $S,246.ooO; Greek, $6,838,
000; Swedish, $6,011,000; Norwegian,
$5,987,000; Lithuanian, $4,331,00";
Jugo-Slavs, $4,200,000; Russians. $2,
599,000; Danish, $2,353,000; French.
$3,107,000; Portuguese, $1,711,000;
Slovenian, $1,569,000; Syrian, $910.
0O0; Belgian. $875,000; Armenian.
$393,000; English. $337,000; Chinese,
$2S5,0O0; Rumanian, $272,000; Alban
ian, $230,000; Swiss, $220,000; Finn
ish, $191,000; Croatian, $153,000; Serb
ian, $142,000; Ukranian, $129,000; As
syrian, $90,000; Hollandish, $80,000;
Scandinavian. $72,000; Letish. $40.
000; Japanese, $2S,0O0; Ruthenian.
$13,000; Scottish. $5000; Bulgarian,
$2000.
li
ESTATE OF QUEEN IS
SUBJECT OF CONTEST
(By Review Leased Wire)
HONOLULU, T. II.. July SI. Tho .
test development in the legal baJie '
for the estate of the late forme
Queen Liliuokali is' an attack on
the family tree of John Kuhio Kalani-
anaole, for sixteen years delegate :t i
congress from the Territory of Ha-!
waii, an office he still holds. '
The Claimant to the queen's $2'!,- !
000 estate who questions the rit-le-1
gate's geneoiogica' chart is a woman
whose Hawaiian name is Kuhakaui
lakeilimoewaiowaiaulia, which means,
in English "Fiash of the lighting of
the chief who sleeps along the Mifam
of Waiaulia." To save her friends
linguistic embarrassment she i.s
known so ially as Mrs. Nawahie.
In a document just fi!"d in the first
circuit court of HawaiiMrs. Nawahie
alleges that certain persons fiom
whom Kalanianaole claims descent
never existed. As the Havaiian iiaa
no written records prior to the com
ing of the first missionaries in lS2n
the contest for the queen's estate is
very much involved, all of the several
claimants admitting remote relai inn
ship which they trace back for many
generations.
will be considered. Deposit with bid.
$1"0. The right to reject any and all
bids reserved. Before bid.-, are sul
mitted, full information concerning
the timber, the conditions of t:ile, ard
the submission f bids sh iulil be ob
tained from the Foiest Superviscr.
Tucson. Arizona, or the District For
ester, Albuquerque. ?.ev Mexico. 3il
LANE'S TRAVEL SERVICE BUREAU.
Travel-hotel information, ROOM RESERVATIONS, accommodations
secured for individuals, parties, lodges, societies, sssociations, organiza
tions, during celebrations and conventions NO CHARGE.
Auto stage tickets and seat reservations sect red (Daily service,
San Francisco to Imperial Valley, C.imp Kejwny, Riverside Aviation
Field, etc.) Autos furnished for private use. reliable, competent drivers,
go everywhere. Write, phone, or cell. LANE'S TRAVEL SERVICE BU
KEAU. 822 WEST 6th STREET. LOS ANLELES, CALIFORNIA, phones:
Pico 1007; Home 10743
LOS ANGELES
Gates Hotel $1
FIREPROOF
Sixth and Figucroa Strerts
Cafe and Rcstautrant Garage in
Connection Close tp Storrs. The
aters and All Car Lines. Los An
rjeles' FincDt Tourist and Family
Hostelry. TAKE TAXI AT OUR
EXPENSE. L'je Holi.i-lay. Pres. ,mj
fg Geo. A. Collins. Sst'y.
THIS WOMAN ONLY
WEIGHED 95 POUNDS
Mrs. Burbank Takes Tanlac
and Now Weighs One Hun
dred and Twenty-Seven
Pounds
One of the most noteworthy fea
tures, and one that stands out more
prominently than any other perhaps,
in connection with Tanlac is the veiy
large number of men and women who
have reported an .astonishing rapid
increase in weight as a result of its j
use.
One of the latest to U-stify to the
remarkable reconstructive power o:
the medicine is Mrs. Anna Burbank,
who resides at 32,52 Second avenue,
West, Seattle, Wash. Mrs. Burbank
came in the Bartell Drug store in
company with her husband recently
and made, the following statement,
stating that she had actually gained
thirty-two pounds:
"I can't say," stated Mrs. Burbank
in describing her case, "that I had
any special ailment, but for the last
four years I have been gradually los
ing weight and strength, aud going
down hill. My appetite was so poor,
that I never cared for anything to eat.
I was dreadfully constipated, and suf
fered a great deal with headaches and
pains' in my back. I was completely
run down and tired out all the time,
and hardly had energy enough to drag
myself around. Nothing did me any
good, and I fell off in weight until 1
was hardly more than a frame.
"When I began taking Tanlac, 1
weighe only ninety-five pounds. I had
been reading so much about how oth
ers had been benefited, and were gain
ing in weight by taking Tanlac. that
I made up my mind to see what it
would do for me and the results have
been far more than I ever expected. I
now weigh one hundred and twenty
seven pounds having actually gained
thirty-two pounds in a little more than
a month and am still gaining. I am
always re:tdy for my meals now with
a fine appetite, and have gotten rid of
all the headaches and pains in my
back, and my tired wornout feelings
are gone, too. I get up in the morn-'
ings now feeling thoroughly rested
and strong, and lull of life and energy.
I can recommend Tanlac to anyone in
a run-down condition, for it certainly
has built me up wonderfully."
Tanlac is sold in Bisbee by J. M.
Ball, in Douglas by Douglas Drug com
pany, in Paradise by G. A. Walker, in
Bowie by Bowie Drug company, in San
Simon by J. B. Cooke, in Willcox by
A. A. Nicholson, in Lowell by LoweK
Drug company, in Benson by C. F
Moss Pharmacy, ;n Gleeson by B. A.
Taylor, and in Warren by Warren
Drug company.
When broke and vith only enotu'.i
beans and bacon left in his cabin for
a few more meals, Gus Reissman, a
prospector, found a gold midget worth
$105 on the side of Rich hiil. near
Stanton, Yavapai county. More than
a million dollars worth of nugt;et3 and
dust v.-orc washed cut of the Rich hill
ilis-rintK in the early -days and rains
still expose a nuset occasionally.
THEHAKING OF
A FAMOUS
MEDICINE
How Lydia E. Pinkham's
Vegetable Compound
Is Prepared For
Woman's Use.
A visit to the laboratory where this
successful remedy is made impresses
even the casual looker-on with tne reli
ability, accuracy, skill and cleanliness
which attends tne making of this great
medicine for woman's ills.
Over 350,(H0 pounds of various herbs
tre ujed anuaily and all have to be
E.'ithered at the season of the year when
their natural juices and medicinal sub
stances are at their best.
The most successful solvents are used
ox tract the medicinal projjertiea from
these herbs.
Every utensil and tank that comes in
contact with the medicine is sterilized
and as a final precaution in cleanliness
the medicine is pasteurized and sealed
in sterile bottle-..
It is the wonderful combination of
roots and herb:, together with tha
skill and care used in its preparation
which has made this famous medicine
so successful in the treatment of
female ills.
The letters from women who have
been restored to health by the us of
I.yilia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com
rxmivi which we are continually pub
'!..hing attest to its virtue.
LOS ANGELES
Hotel Lee $1
With Bth.
ixlh and Figueroa Streets.
Modern -Rates. 75c to J.00
orci-il binir.irr and Weekly Hates
Ail li.pMt r.irs pass Hie doiT. i.ir
;i .ju" ' .1. '".lie ne: d'-or
WM. E. CLARK. Frop.
LODGE NOTICES
Cards of every fraternal order in the Warren district; giving the essential
farts of each, their meeting nights, their officers and the place of
gathering will be found under their respective headings in these columns.
dicccc nnp.c wo 7ia !
L. O. O. M.
Meets every Tiaay
nignt, Moose Han.
visiting brothers tur
dially inviieu.
it. I. GLEASON.
Dictator.
BISBEE LODGE, NO. 10, I. O. O. F.
meets every
Thursday
evening at Odd
Fellows' Hall
Subway street, at 7:30 o'clock. Visiting
brothers cordially invited to attend.
Hall. phone 119.
G. A. PLUNKETT, N. G.
LESTER EUSTACE, Sec'y.
PYTHIAN SISTERS
Lily Temple No. 3 meets every 2nd
and fourth Tuesday evening of each
month at Odd Fellows Hall. Visiting
sisters are cordially invited.
MINNIE BLUM, M. E. C.
Phone Black S51.
IDA GLAZE, M. of R. C.
Box 1475
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED
AMERICAN MECHANICS
Meets In I. O- O. F.
Hall First and Third
Saturdays. V i s i t ing
brothers welcome.
S. F. BENTON. Councillor.
F. M. WILLIAMS, Rec. Sec y.
BROTHERHOOD OF AMERICA
YEOMAN
Richard I, Homestead 895, meet sec
ond and fourth Tuesdays at Medigo
vkh hall. Visiting Archers are cor
dially invited.
MRS. C. C. F1NLAYSON.
Foreman, P. O. Box 1526.
E. D. STINSON,
Correspondent, Box 1496.
THE REVIEW
Job Department
will furnish you an estimate
on that job on short notice
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior
U. S. Land Office at Fuoenix, Ariz.,
July 17, 1918.
Notice is hereby given that William
E. Davis, of Garces, Arizona, who, on
August 3, 1914, made Homestead entry
No. 025540, fir Lots 6, 7, E. Vt S. W.
Section C. Township 23-S., Range
21 E , G. & S. R. B. Meridian, has filed
notice of intention to make three year
proof, to establish claim to the land
above described, before Jared D. Tay
lor, U. S. Commissioner, at Bisbee,
Arizona, on the 19th day of September,
19 IS.
Claimant names as witnesses:
R. Vincent Davis.
Robert E. Todd.
John Ashworth.
Lee Aston, all of Garces, Arizona.
597 JOHN L. IRVIN, Register.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Ar:z.,
August 15, 1913.
July 20, 1918.
Notice is hereby given that George
L. Dunn, of Stark, Arizona, who, on
April 17, 1913, made Homestead entry,
No. 0221S7, for VY. i N. E. 4. W. '-i
S. E. 4, Section 35 and on Feb. 17,
1915, made additional Homestead
entry, No. 026765, for S. E. t N. W. Vi,
E. S. W. S, W. U S. W. Sec
tion 35, Township 23-S., Range 22 E.,
G. & S. R. B. Meridian, has filed no
tice of intention to make three year
proof, to establish claim to the land
above described, before Jared D. Tay
lor, U. S. Commissioner, at Bisbee,
Arizona, on the 19th day of Septem
ber. 1918.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Joel H. Allen.
Cornelius N. Driscoll
Charles A. Martin, all three of Here
ford, Arizona.
Charles 11. Miller, of Lowell, Ari
zona. 594 JOHN L. IRVIN. Register.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Ariz.. .
August 15. 1313.
Notice is hereby given that Richard
K. Haverty, of Garces. Arizona, who,
on March 23, 1912. made Homestead
application Serial No. Ul7ul2, for W.
N. E. Vi and E. N. W. ',4 of Section
35. Township 22 South, Range 20 E., G.
k S. R. Meridian, has filed notice of
intention to make five year proof, to
establish claims to the land above de
scribed, before Jared D. Taylor, U. S.
Commissioner, at Bisbee, Arizona, on
the 17th day of September. 191S.
Claimant names as witnesses:
John L. Parker, of Hereford, Ari
zona. Frank B. Mosor-. of Heicford, Ari
zona. Okley P. Haverty, of Garces, Ari
zona. Kich.irJ M Johnson, of Garces, Ari
zona. U7 J. L. IKY IN. Register.
NOTCL FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix. Aru .
July 27. 131S.
Notice ir- lirrrby given that Charles
Kuehni. ot f-tark, Arizona, Mho. on
May 1". t'MT. made Mome-tead entry.
No. 02m.ii.'. lor N K N W. V,. W. .a
N E. ',. S E. 1 1 N. L" Section 7.
Tow nslnji 24 S. F.ange 23 E . G. & S.
R U Meridian.. Ljs tiled notice ot ia
tecf.ou to ttree Near procf. to
establish claim to tie Uad abeve de
ill
to
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS
Rathbone Lodge No. 19
Knights of Pythias,
meets each , Tuesday
(except second) la Odd
Fellows' Hall at 7:30
p. m. Visiting brothers
cordially invited.
H. E. WOOTON. C. C
W. E. McCALLUM, K. of R. S.
LODGE NO. 71
Regular meeting first and third Ft.
day of each month. Visiting brothers
cordially invited to attend.
. JAS. ALLISON, Exalted Ruler.
R. J. KELLY, Secretary.
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD.
r ivowe! tamp o. 4t wiu
meet every 2nd and
4th Tuesday at 7:30
7:30. Finish Hall.
H. C. LANDAU, C. C
O. B. THOMAS. Clerk.
All Woodmen invited.
ORDER OF EASTERN STAR
meets la Masonic Hall
Pearl ChapteV, No. 6, meets
in Masonic Hall second and
fourth Tuesday of each
month at 7:30 p. m.
MRS. EMMA WOODS, W. M.
Phone 161, Box 43. Bisbee
MRS. JESSIE BEVAN, Sec'y, P. O.
Box 2299. Chairman Relief Com..
Phone 16L
FRATERNAL ORDER OF EAGLES
Bisbee Aerie, No. 175, F. O. E., meet
first and third TUESDAYS. 8 p. m
Eagles Hall. Visitors cordially wel
come. '
J. F. WILMOTH. Presdcnt
F. C. FEXDERSON, Secretary.
C. U EDMUNDSON, Aerie Thysiciau
FRATERNAL
BROTHERHOOD
T. F. B.
Bisbee Lodge No.
452 meets the 1st
and 3rd Mondays
of each month at
7:30 at Medina
vich Hall. Visit
ing members cordially Invited.
B. F. MOSS. President.
MRS. C. E. FINOTTI. Treasurer.
Box 722. Tel. 236. Red.
HONORA MUNCH, Secretary.
Box 1621.
MODERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA
Bisbee Camp No. 13415.
Meets lit Saturday
jledigovich Hall.
i. U MOTZ, Consi..
A. F. MATHEWSOK,
Clerk.
WEEK ENDING SEPT. 21, 191S
Monday
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday Comniandry.
Friday Special
Saturday
W. W. GIDLEY, W M.
B. T. W ATKINS, Sec y, F. & A. M.
J. W. TOLAND, E. H. P.
C. F. PHILBROOK, T. I. M.
F. E. BENNETT, E. C.
F. S. DAVENPORT. Secretary Chap
ter and Commandery.
W. R. BANKS, Secretary Council.
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
I IWITtn e-T-ATce rc A w r- n i y a
' 1 " 1 tJ wr a". 1TI U n I V, I
DREADNAUGHT
l. o: l NO. 210.
meets Jn I. O.
O. F. Hall lirst
and third
MONDAY at
7:30 p. ra.
Visiting broth-
itr aa,V iV ers curuiauj
tl invited to at
; Tur tend.
vYil. T. SMITHAN. W. M.
ROBERT FERGUS. Secretary
P. O. Box 426, Bisbee.
scribed, betore Jared D. Taylor, U. S.
Commissioner, at Bisbee, Arizona, on
the 2oth day of September, J'JIS.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Mary Brown.
Cormal M. Goins
Lee W. Comerlord.
John M. Ottmer. all ot Stark. Ari
zona. 5Sj JOHN L. IRVIN. Register.
i
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix. Ariz..
July 13. 1D1S.
Notice is hereby given that Dayton
L. Graham, sr , ot Bisbee, Arizona,
who. on August U, 1:112. mad.' Home
stead entry. No tUS'.i;;::. tor E. i
N. W. ti. E. S. W. ',. Section
Township 24 S, Range 22 E.. ( k i'
R. B Meridian, bas filed notico ot
intention to make five year proof, to
establish claim to the land above de
scribed, before Jarerl P Taylor. C. S.
Commi.-.-ioner. at Hit-bee. Arizona, on
the 17th day of September. 1IMS.
Claimant names as witne.-sei:
Din McGowan.
William Ryan, both of Hereford.
Arizona
J. Boctiik William.-;, of Bulwe. Aii-
Ben Morsa:
c V-re:crd. Ar'.zeaa.
69S
JOHN L IRVIN. Register.
'lis? I
-4
BRETHERTON
We Specialize In
JEROME
AND
OATMAN
STOCKS
Jack Bldg., Main Street
Phone 26 Box 1129
C H. HOGAN
Office Below
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
Phone 121
REAL ESTATE
RENTALS
FIRE INSURANCE
NOTARY
Phone 121
Office Below
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
C. H. HOGAN
Removal Sale
Now on for One Week at
Fruitman's Fashion Shop.
Special Bargain on
Waists, Skirts, Dresses and
Underwear
25 Per Cent Discount on
All Orders for Tailor Made
Garments Received This
Week.
FRUITMAN'S
FASHIONABLE
LADIES' TAILOR AND FURRIER
Hughes Block opp. Y. M. C. A.
Phone 74 Bisbee, Ariz
GRAPES
By the Ton, $87.50
First Class
E. M. STEPHENS
South Bisbee Pool Hall
BISBEE TRANSFER,
STORAGE & COAL CO.
Warehouse & Office Opposite Depot
PHONES 640 and 50.
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Solicits Your
Patronag
PHONE 53
CATARRH
OF THE
BLADDER
24. Hours
E-vh Co- a' N
City Dye Works
Cleaning and Pressing
Phone 733
Opp. Y. W. C. A.
li Everyhmg New Everything
OPPOSITE DEPOT First CUss
U. S. A. HOTEL
The most centrally located hotel in
B.shee
' liOOVS DAY. WEEK OK M"Nf't
HENNESSY
Undertaking Parlors
PHONE lr.
O
MONEY TO LOAN
Wit hci, Ouron-b, Jewelry, tt'-.
rcii.iNij Mo'.t.c !9 Branch St-r?-,.
United Loan Jewelry Co.
B'SEEE :: E R EW E R V G'J C H
i
i A" fc.
1 SIX
THE EISEEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, SEPTEMEER 15, 1918.
Mining and Financial News
BY REVIEW LEASED WIRE
NEW YORK. Sept. 14 With the;Steel 1091
stock market exhibiting a strong uii-t. Paul !
dertone for the first time this week, ' Southern Pacific
general recoveries from the weakness j Texas Oil 1541
of the last few days featured the Sat-j I'nion Pacific 123
turdar hhort session in trading. In-: I'nited Motors 2TV4
dications were clear that the stri:-ll.r. S. Marin 41
pency iu money! to which was attrib-
Uted the liquidation which has marked j BOSTON.
the retrograde movement of specula-j Adventure d
tive issues.' had been modified at least jAllouez 49
to a limited extent and this factor American Zinc 10
and 'he coO'i ued favorable war news, j Alaska 2
tc.geiher with a marked ri.-.e in Liberty ! Arizona Com 15
Bonds, served to encourage invest- j c & A C7i
ment buyers. Stocks generally ru':el 1 Calumet & Hecla 445
from 1 to 5 points above yesterday's Calumet Range 46
closing quotations. Chino 29
Issues governed by specific rather! East Butte 10
thd.i pen-nil influences UK.'mkU Mex-;Granby &0
lean Petroleum, which rose 1 points ran H
on reports that the Mexican govern- c,oldiiel.l 20
nient had granted tax concessions to 1 Hancock 5'
oil companies. : Indiana CO
General Electric and United States 1 inspiration 5;fJs
Aicohcl scored the largest gains, each ( Lake 5V2
rising 5 points. Sales amounted to , La Salle J 2Vfe
150.000 shares.
Analysis of the bank statement dis
closed a much smaller decrease in
loans than was common.y expected if
view of ihe dra.--i.;o liquidation t; the
wek, the retrenchment amonntinR la
only $32.000, 000. Surplus reserves
bank $33,761,220.
Mohawk 55
Mavflower
Nevada 2nVi
N'ipissing S-4
North Butte 13
Old Dominion ' " 39
Osceola 51
Pcnd Creek
Ouincv C6
Total sales, par value, $4,950,000.
United States bonds, old issues, I lay Con 23
were unchanged on tall on the week. Shattuik 15
1 Shannon 3V.
CLEARING HOUSE REPORT. Sup. Boston v . 3V,
NEW YOKK, Sept. 14. The actualist. Marys 47
condition of clearing house banks aud ; i:tah Copper S2Vi
trust companies, for the week showe j Utah Con 9
that they hold $24,9.14,220 reserve in
excess of legal requirements This is
a decrease of $33,70 l.L'L'O from last
week.
CURBS. 1
Arkansas & Arizona 7 j
Arizona Bing 0
Arizona Piher King
Bit? Ledge 1
Butte London ...v 15
Calumet & Jerome j
Cornelia 17 '4 i
Curtiss 33 I
GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, Sept. 14. Favorable war
news and better weather gave a de
cided advantage today to the bears In
corn. Larselv as a result the mar
ket finished nervous, lc to 3c net ijenn 1S
lower, with October $1.52 to $1.52 Dundee lA
and November $1.49 to $1.50. Kmma 2
Oats lost c to xc. Federal Oil 1 34 ;
The outcome in provisions varied ! Gadsden 3
from 10c decline to 12c advance. :r'en Monster j
Corn developed weakness quickly, 1 Globe Dom : V '
and at no time displayed much power ! Grand Island J 12
to recover. The continued rapid prog-j Hull 50 I
ress of the entente allies formed an Howe Sound I
evident handicap for the bulls, and I Hecla 4;
was made more and more of a burden . .Jerome Verde j
as reports came in telling of improved I jeronje Victor ;
conditions for drying out the cropjjIagma copper 2S :
and of increased likelihood for a com- Magma Chief
plete escape from damage by frost.
A notable shrinkage of cash demand,
together with the fact that coumtry
consignments notices were holding up
Miami Con 3
Pitts-Jerome 36
Porphyry 60
Ray Hercules 4
well, led to much additional liquida-j -rom Reed 145
tion on the part of holders and to ! united Eastern 3ri
rather free short selling, especially In
the final hour.
Oats showed stubbornness to selling
pressure. The chief reason ascribed
was that purchasing had been liberal
for the government and the seaboard.
Higher quotations on hogs strength
ened provisions. In the late dealings,
however, pork evinced something of
a tendency to sag.
Verde Extension 37
Verde Com
Wolv.-Ariz 1
West End r 1
Wright Martin 7
White Caps 14
OATMAN.
FEDERAL RESERVE STATEMENT.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 14. Stronger
demand for commercial credit was re
flected by the federal reserve board's , nold Ore
weekly statement, showing total bills ! oold Road Bon
held by the twelve banks at tne cioss
of business last night as $1,852,000,000
or $77,000,0u0 more than a week ago.
1 Adams
Arizona Rex
Ariz.-Tom. R ,
Big Jim Con ...
WEEKLY FINANCIAL REVIEW.
NEW YORK. Sept. 14. With the
rest of the country on an accepted war
basis. Wall street is gradually but
surely settling down to rock bottom
conditions, preparing for an Indefinite
period of financial rationing.
The inflexible course pursued by the
federal reserve board with the hearty
co-operation of the Clearing House as
sociation and the stock exchange, is
believed to foreshadow a steady
mimlnution to nominal proportions of
business in the securities market. The
action of the market this week con
veyed the plain Inference that many
cliques and pools which contributed
to the activity and higher quotations
of the previous month had received
definite intimations if not direct warn'
Ings to curtail their operations.
At the lower level there was a mod
erate investment demand, induced by j
r. I n ( 1' a Aft'iAanA In H Hat ii ul a ItiiV. i
ing of the transportations was fortified ppl?y,!y r.
by forecasts of large earnings ior;
August, as indicated by gross returns
already to hand.
A prelude to the fourth Liberty
Loan was furnished by the sharp, if
advance In
G.ld Cliff
Lucky Boy
Punnyside
Telluride
Tom Reed
United Eastern
United Northern
Red Lion
OTHER CURBS.
Gadsden
Green Monster
Butte London
Dundee
Venture Hill
Pitts-Jerome
Jerome Verde
Ark-Arizona
Jerome Portland
Ins-Needles
Hull Copper
Magma Chief
Verde Com
Miami Con
Nacozari Con. .
jCon. Cop. Mines
Calumet & Jerome
i Feather River
.04 .05 I
.lo I
.02 .05 !
.05 .07 I
.06 .07 !
. .02!
.15 :
.02 I
.02 .03 ;
.04 .06 i
1.45 1.46
3.2 3.75 j
?
.l 3.00 3.12 j
44 .50 I
.15 .19
.50 .73 !
.04 ;
.36 .40 j
.50 .50 i
.07 .OS ;
17 j
.06 .12 ;
.50 .60 !
.15 .20 :
1.62 1.75 !
.50 .62 1
.03 .03 !
.35 ,
5.00 5.25 1
.60 .65 1
.75 .81 !
-1! ,
Friday morning
Percy Bowden and
Deputy Sheriff
O. E. Patterson
. 1 V. . . I 1 .1 1 .1 1 , 1, .
temporary, advance In existing L.1D ....
erty 4s and the 4. due to Secretary , "
McAdoo-s recommendations for an ex-! thought o have been operat
tenaion of exemption, not only on ! t of Douglas and the of ers
those issues, but the forthcoming flo 'have been on the lookout for them tor,
tations as well some time. The hides of stolen cat-
Plans already under way indicate ! tie were found buried, and probably ;
that unusual efforts will be made to i had been in the hiding place for about ;
distribute the new loan more generally ! ten days. One of the hides, that of a
among the small investors. j calf- had the brand of Deputy Sheriff
B Patterson on it. The names of the (
u.du-ct i men are Frank and Jas. Eaton and
NEW YORK, Sept. 14 Cotton i
closed barely steady at a net decline
or s& to 11:1 poinis. i n
near Apache.
BLOOD T0H10
SAY
40"
(L. J. OVERLOCK. Broker)
..Closing Quotations. Sept. 14, 1918
NEW YORK.
Anaconda 67 i
American Car 85 V i
American Sugar 110 j
SSTehm sU;iBi'::::::::::: K?J Frnj p-,Ska; proirt4unT
r F , . 45 K'st, Harrisburg, III., writes: Num-
Canadian' Pacific' '.'.'.'..'..'.'.'.'.'.'.'.:i37 i her 40 is still going good If cuom-
Central Leather 66yt i er says "Blood Tonic I say Number
Crucible eteel 64;. " tfves the best satisfaction
Distillers- Securities 52 of any blood tonic I have ever sold.
j-rje 15' Employed in blood poison, chrontc
General Motors'!!!'.'.!!!!'.!!!!!! 119 rheumatism, and catarrh, scrofula.
Indiana Alcohol 115 , mercurial and lead poisoning, constipa-
Lackawanna ...!'.".!!"...!..!".... 81 tion. liver and stomach troubles. Un
MarinA . . 26V4 ; der its use, nodes, tumors and gland-
Marine, Pfd 99
Mexican Petroleum 100
New York Central 73
Northern Paeiric 87
Reading 87 "(
Rubber 591
Rep. Steel 90
Studebaker 46
ular swellings that have withstood all
ether treatment disappear as if by
magic.
Made
a druggit
per
Sold
It is one of the things you
can do to help win the war.
Invest your small savings in
WAR SAVINGS STAMPS
L
U. S. F. A. LICENSE NO. G-13942
ON SALE AT THIS STORE
Four stations on main floor,
where you can make your pur
chases regularly.
N
ewest
Styles
in
.ball
Apparel Models
That Express the Latest Fashion Features;
Just fresh from their makers are these Fall garments, so truly represntative of fashion.
The most critical of women will surrender to their graceful lines. There is so much variation
in details too that every model is distinctively individual. These Coats, Suits, Waists, Dresses
and Skirts can be accepted by the most ardent devoters of fashion with confidence that the
styles and fabrics are authentic. ;
Women's Dresses ;
No matter for what purpose you wish a dress,
you will find one to fit your need in our present
assortments, including styles suitable for the swell
est "dress up" affairs, as well as for practical, every
day street wear, made of heavy satins, crepe meteor,
crepe de chines, velvets and combinations of georg
ette and satins, trimmed with fringe and bead em
broidery ,"at prices from $19.50 to $100.00.
SKIRTS
Beautiful materials are
shown in this line of silks,
fancy wool plaids and stripes,
combinations of serges and
satins, plain and plaited mod
els, with wide belts and Span
ish sashes. Solid colors in
poplin and serges at popular
prices.
Women's & Misses' Coats
In a large variety 'of new
materials, sylvette, crystal, Bo
livias, wool velours, broad
cloths, silvertones, plain and
plaited models, high button
collars and wide belts, others
trimmed with collars and cuffs
of handsome furs. .
Plush and Fur Trimmed Coats
These recent arrivals display numerous unique
style ideas, not seen in the coats which we have
heretofore received for wear during the coming
season. Coats , trimmed with moufflon, raccoon,
maetlin and numerous other fur trimmings; the
plush coats are priced from $30.00 to $150.00.
Velveteens in all colors, $20.00 to $40.00.
Beautiful Trimmed Hats
i hese" are trim
med to please ev
ery taste and in va
Fall and Winter Suits
In all the newest models and richest materials,
velours, checks, broadcloth, serges, gaberdines, tri
cotine, solid velours and velvets, trimmed with beau"
tiful fur collars and plain tailored models, priced at
$27.50 to $125.00. .
Extra Size Suits
Suits for stout figures can be seen here, sizes
41 Yi to 5 2 Vi, they are fashioned on Jines most be
coming, in a range of .popular colors, navy, bur
gandy, taupe'.tblack, brown, purple; priced moder
ately. Women's Dress Special
These dresses are in combinations of satin and
georgette, also serge; many are trimmed with
fringes. They are all straight line panel effects,
with wide sashes; come in all the dark autumn
shades and all sizes, special $29.50.
Serge Dresses
Serge dresses in a variety of styles, including the
manderin coat effect for misses, also panel back and
front, some with, panels loose from shoulder, com
binations of serges and satins, richly embroidered,
in silk braids, navy, black and tan. Sizes 1 4 to 46
Prices $19.50 to $60.00.
m If
"
B
j u. (1
1 jtyLi
louse Special
heelect to'ifee the
Do not heelect to' see these 'creDtf dc ':
riety of shapes suf- chine Uout fin nhnd". white, aome' ;
ficient to suit ev- . ., , t-i: lv i , 1 t ' i
tailored moaeis, anq pipers lace wimmti,
many
marks
ery face. To look
at them they would
give you the im
pression that they
cost twice as much
as they really do,
for they., possess
of the distinctive style
found in higher priced hats. .
special $3.75.
CLOTHING
Department
There's scarcely a
man who isn't par
ticular enough abut
his appearance to
have new clothes ear
ly in the season. You
will find all the real
ly good styles here,
just the kinds that
you will want to
wear. The qualities
we guarantee and the
prices are moderate.
! 1
I
by J. C. Mendenhall. 40 ytars I
it, Evansville, Inrt. Price? 125 I iwrMygi i'.wthi
bottle, nix bottles J7-00. I
by Central I'harinacy. Uisbee,
Ml m 1
Table Linen bje
Table bamaik arirl kipkiogs
As a special Inducement to have ybu.purchata Jo)T
linens before the fall rush of business, we will offer a
substantial saving on ail table linen Monday and Tues
day only. Be sure to visit this department
$1.25 values at : .95 ' St SO value at $1.95
1.50 values at $1.15 - 13.00 values at $229
$1.75 values at ..... $1.45 $4 60 taluri at t. 3.S
$2.00 values at. $1.15 ' $3.00 value at $-$5
Napkin . .
The prices on Napkins wjll be readily appreciated,
and are marked In plain figures, according to QuaiUjr.,
ranging from $2.50 to $4.50 a doled.
' j , ' i ' "
Damask
$1 $0 value, special 11.95
$4 00 Value, special $2.25
i. SO value, (pecial
IB 99 .Value, ipecia
men ctotns
These lunch cloths era an eitr Jiearj Wneo; 'round
style, 45 inches acfoBs, trith scalloped edge, enly a tew
in this lot. regular price IS 00, special $4 9f.
Also a few IS Inch Napkins to Tnatcb, regular price
$6.00. special J3.BS lor six.
f Blouses
w ' '' .
. We searched.the' show rooms of the most ex
clusive manufacturers for; the prettiest we could
find and we feel, that 'we have them, :They intro
duce various style collars and cuffs and come made
up in many desired materials, in every popular color
and tof iced reasonably; - " "
Our Shoe Department Offers
--Novelty-Oxfords fdr wo- . J"
tneh, hand turned.' French
Heels, in black Vici, Patent
kid, Battleship Grey, Field
Mouse" Grey and Neutral
Grey; French Bronze and .
Liberty Browns. Also
white washable kid.
These shoes are spring
styles and the price range is
front $6.00 to $8.00. Si2es
IVi to 8. widths, AAAA.
AAA, AA, A. B. CD.
Our spring shoes came
through " from factory four
months ahead of time, con
sequently this early offering
of Spring Oxfords.
i ... J
151 I
$1.25 value, special . .95
$1.50 value, special $1.1$
$1.75 value, special $1.45
$2.tH value, special $7.65
Napkins
ial $1 IJ
ial 3.95
The price on these Napkina will be readily appreci
ated and are all marked In plain figures, according to
quality, ranging from $2.$Q to $a.50 per doi.
Lin
suns
"i wo big raluog tn muslin tomorrow, these are well
known brands. 34 Inches wide. Medium weight, 2S yd.
Heavy weight, 30c yd. " - . .
k fill" aiw."
SergeS
Mothers should not fall to our display of serges
suitable for school dresies; most any shade you could
wish for and range In price from $1.00 to $3. 50 yd.
Silltoii
tonnes
We have a great variety of fancy patterns and col
oring to choose from. 86 inches wide, suitable for
making your winter comfortable, S6c value, special 25c
yard.
Kew Ferftctloa OH
Cookstova No. 33
U'UJh Cabinet &OVM
Oil Cook Stoves
Have you secured
one of our new Per
fection O i I Cook
Stoves if not, it will
pay you to make an
investment in one
it saves money, labor
and dirt. It is sold
complete in two or
three burner, with
cabinet and oven
complete. On sale,
second floor.
iZZ
Aria
!.: Lowell Drug Co., Lowell, Aii.