IF
rujaa Ai'iCTIONS
7?" u
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service
VOL. 21, NO. 141.
. THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 24, 1918.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
IT
mm:
iT nJ
i
mm
yLlylllOi
CHIEF OF STAFF TELLS
. WHICH TROOPS FIRST TO
CO
IE BACK TO
Eight Divisions of National Guard and National Army,
Eight Regiments of Coast Artillery and Many Special Units
Will Be First Men Returned for Demobilization; Total
Casualties in Yank Forces Up to Date of Cessation of Hos
tilities Were 236,117, Including Every Sort of Mishap Met
With by Our Men
(Ry Review
WASHINGTON, Nov. 23.
can expeditionary forces, already in progress with the move
ment homeward of sick and wounded, will be hastened by the
return at an early date of eight
national army troops, eight regiments of coast artillery and
two brigades of field artillery. This announcement was made
today by General March, chief of staff, on recepit of dis
patches from General Pershing.
Total American casualties to November 1 1 , when hostilities
ceased, were 236,117. This includes General March said,
killed and died of wounds, died of disease, unclassified deaths,
wounded, prisoners and missing.
The divisions which General March said have been desig
nated by General Pershing to return as soon as the sick and
wounded have been moved to the United States are:
National guard, 31 (Georgia, Alabama and Florida ;
34th (Nebraska, Iowa, South Dakota and Minnesota) ; 38th,
(Indiana, Kentucky and West Virginia) and 39th (Arkansas,
Mississippi and Louisiana). -
National army, 76th New England), 48th (Kentucky, In
diana and Southern Illinois), 86th (Northern Illinois, includ
ing Chicago) and 87th Arkansas, Louisiana, Mississippi and
Southern Alabama).
The coast artillery regiments to be returned as soon as pos
sible were announced as the 46th, 47th, 48th, 49th, 50th,
73rd, 74th and 75th.
The two field artillery brigades to be brought home are the
65th and the 163rd. Eighty-two aero squadrons, seventeen
construction companies and several special units from Eng
land will be brought home as soon as transportation facilities
are available, General March said.
Casualties sustained by the Americans are tabulated by
General March as follows:
Killed and died of wounds 36,1 54
Died of disease 14,811
Deaths, unclassified 2,204
Wounded 179,625
rnsoners , 2,163
Missing 1,160
Total
Many Slight Wound
While the total losses suffered by
the American army in France at first
glance appeared to be almost double
the total estimated by officers here as
probable, analysis of the table it was
pointed out. shows that among the
179,000 wounded are included the
names of thousands of men whose in
juries were so trivial that they never
were admitted to hospitals and the
record of their injury was kept only
in company and regimental dressing
stations. The final total of killed,
died of wounds or disease or on the
unclassified death list, the seriously
wounded and the prisoners and miss
ing, officers believe will work out not
in excess of 125,000.
The official figures show also near
ly double the number of deaths from
disease than have been made public to
date. No explanation has been for
warded by General Pershing, but It is
assumed that the unexpected increase
is due to the wide distribution of
American and allied hospitals to
which the men were sent, making it a
slow process to assemble The data.
Few Yank Prisoners
The number of Americans taken
prisoner by the Germans little more
than 2000, is strikingly low in view
of General March's announcement
that a total "in round numbers" of
44,000 Germans had been captured by
the Americans. The fact that the
American armies have been moving
forward continuously since it entered
the battle doubtless accounts for the
great difference. The 1160 men report
ed a missing probably include others
who will be found to have been cap
tured, some whose bodies never will
be recovered, and others who may
have become lost in the ranks of the
French or British forces. The classi
fication also covers the unidentified
dead always to be expected when
great bodies of troops are engaged.
General March said no record on
A RCA
Leased Wire)
Demobilization of the Amer-
divisions of national guard and
.236.117
the organization of the army of occu
pation had been received but that the
divisons designated by General Per
shing for return were among those he
could spare immediately. The order
in which they will return has not
been established but the chief of staff
pointed out that it would take consid
erable time to bring that number of
men home. He also gave assurances
that the war department had no inten
of allowing the veterans of the bat
tlefields of Prance and Belgium to
"sneak into the country" unnoticed,
but that timely announcement would
be made so that adequate receptions
could be planned.
Keep Thirty Divisions
Secretary Baker supplemented Gen
eral March's outline of demobilization
plans later by stating that General
Pershing was reducing his army to
a strength of 30 divisions and would
further reduce it as conditions justi
fied. At an average strength of 40,000
men to a division which would cover
all necessary auxiliary forces, this
would mean that General Pershing
would retain 1,200,000 men in France
from which the actual army of occu
pation and its reserves would be or
ganized to provide against any pos
sible emergency.
Supplemental Troops Leave
General March showed that virtual-
(ntimied on Page Two)
Hun Demobilization Is Quite Rapid
AMSTERDAM. Nov. 23. The
Tageblatt of Berlin, a copy of
which has been received here,
.publishes advices from Frankfort
to the effect that 100,000 German
soldiers, mainly from the lines
of communication, are passing
through Frankfort daily.
The advices say further that
YANKS LOOK INTO
WITH THE AMERICAN' ARMY OF
OCCUPATION, Nov. 23. (By the As
sociated Press.) General Pershing'!
forces in Luxemburg and all along
the river Moselle from the points of
junction with the French on their
right and left, looked over into Ger
many today. ;
The Germans are somewhat slower
in nome places in evacuating their
territory than had been expected, but
TAFT OFFERED
POST OF SOLE
IONER
Former President May Be Sole
Arbiter of Baseball World;
Western Owners Say Know
Nothing
iBy Review LchwhI Wire) '
NEW YORK, Nov. 23. Former
President William Howard Taft has
been offered the position of sole mem
ber of the national baseball commis
sion, according to announcement here
tonight by H. N. Hempstead, presi
dent of the New York Nationals and
Harry Frazee, president of the Boston
Americans. Mr. Taft is said to be con
sidering the offer.
Acceptance by Mr. Taft would mean
the passing of the present national
commission, which is composed of two
league presidents and a third mem
ber and, it is said, would shear Ban
B. Johnson, president of the American
league, of the powers which have
earned for him the title of "baseball
dictator." The offices of the new "one
man commission" would be jn New
York. The offer to Mr. Taft is said
to have been made without th know
ledge of western presidents ot the
two leagues. All of the eastern club
presidents are said to have approved
the offer and this would give the or
iginators ot the idea sufficient votea
to carry the proposal.
The national commission at present
has only two members, former Gov.
John K. Tener of Pennsylvania, hav
ing relinquished his seat on the com
mission when he recently resigned
the presidency of the National league.
Mr. Johnson and August Herrmann,
president of the Cincinnati Nationals
are the present members.
The conference between Messrs
Taftj Hempptead and Frazee, was
held in this city and Mr. Taft took
the offer under consideration without
comment. His reply is not expected
for several days.
The proposition was considered in
a general way, with the details to be
worked out if Mr. Taft accepts, as
the two club proprietors appear to
be hopeful he will. No salary was
mentioned.
Neither Frazee nor Hempstead
would state what other American or
National league club owners had been
canvassed in the matter, but intima
ted that the proposition had met with
hearty support' among a majority of
the eastern magnates who had been
approached.
After today's conference they made
public a statement in which they said
"the man to fill this position at the
head of America's national game j
should be a big American figure who I
had the esteem and respect of the!
American public," asserting that '
"baseball at the present time bids j
fair to be as popular in England,!
France, Italy and Belgium as the civil;
war made it in America."
Mr. Taft, having always been a great
lover of baseball, would be the ideal
American at the head of America's
national game, said the statement,
and adds:
"Our further idea, after discussing
the matter with the different club
owners, was that with one man as
the supreme head of baseball, it would
place the presidents of the National
and American leagues in the position
ot appearing bobre him in the ca
pacity of counsel, representing their
respective organizations."
THINK8 OFFER IMPOSSIBLE j
ST. LOUIS. Mo.. Nov. 23. rhil del
C. Ball, president of the St. Louis I
Americans, declared that, in his opin
ion, it was impossible to proffer the
national commissionship of the two
(Continued on Page Two)
trains are running regularly; ac
cidents have been reduced to a
minimum; the provisioning sys
tem is better than under the old
regime and supplies are assured
for weeks ahead; the excitement
attending the revolution has been
quelled and there is not the slight
est lack of discipline.
HISS
not enough to give rise to the belief
1 1 lint they do not intend to observe!
the terms of the armistice.
' Along the Moselle lugging German
soldiers washed their clothing today
r on their side of the river. The Ameri
! cans on the opposite bank did like
' wise. There was little conversing j
1 across the river owing to the strict j
j American order against fraternization.!
i The weather is cold and clear. Thei
Cross Country
Biplane Flight
Has Interruption
Rv Review LeassJ Wire)
DEMING, N. M., Nov. 23. The
Longhead biplane, which left
Santa Barbara, Cal., this morn
ing, broke down and was forced to
land at Tacna, Arizona, this af
ternoon. This information was received
here tonight in a telegram filed
at U'elton, six miles from Tacna.
Tacna is a desert station on the
Southern Pacific lines, 44 miles
east of Yuma. The pilot and
mechanican will spend the night
at Tacna and expect to have the
machine in shape to fly to Gila
Bend, 79 miles east, where they
will take gasoline. From Gila
Bend the eastward flight will be
resumed and the machine is ex
pected to reach Deming about
noon Sunday.
EX-JUSTICE
DENIES STORY
Henshaw, for Almost Twenty
Years Member of California
Supreme Court, Heatedly
Denies Taking Bribe
(By Review Leased Wire)
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 23. Fred
erick W. Henshaw, former justice of
the California supreme court, issued
a signed statement to the Associated
Press today, denying charges he re
ceived a bribe of $410,000 in the fam
ous will case of the James G. Fair
estate, and denying any connection
with an alleged "frame up" in the
San Francisco preparedness day
Mooney bomb cases, as set forth in a
report to William B. Wilson, secretary
of labor, published here over the sig
nature of John B. Densmore, director
general of employment of the labor
department.
Judge Henshaw's statement before
witnesses follows:
"To the Associated Press:
"The Fair case was decided some
20 years ago. Years after its decision
I was re-elected to the supreme bench
and served 11 of the 12 years' term.
resigning under no compulsion or
agreement with Mr. Older or anybody
else. My resignation was dictated
upon purely personal grounds.
"The charges against me in the re
port of Densmore, as special investi
gator of the department of labor, are
twofold:
"First, that I joined with Fickert
in a Mooney1 'frame up.'
"Second, that I was capable or do
ing this infamous thing, because I bad
corruptly taken a bribe of $410,000 in
the case mentioned.
"I was not, and am not interested in
the Mooney case, saving as any citi
zen is interested in seeing exact jus
tice In the punishment of a most wan
ton, vicious and unprovoked crime.
Mr. Fickert, from time to time, con
sulted me, always at his own Instance,
never at my own, to tell me his dif
ficulties in following up information
which would lead to complete disclo
sures of Mooney's guilt.
"I did not refuse to see him at his
request, and should have felt ashamed
to have refused. But. was an aide to
the bureau of naval intelligence, and
advised with that bureau over many
anarchistic, I. W. W. and other evil
activities. Not infrequently, Fickert
would advise of information, quite
apart from the Mooney case, bearing
on these matters.
"I never saw an actual or prospec
tive witness in any of the bomb cases.
"I was never in the employ of any
of the big corporations charged with
hounding Mooney to death, and I chal
lenge the pointing of one word in all
the Densmore report which, even re
motely tends to connect me with any
improper practice, much less with be-
Or PLOTTING
(.C'liulnned on Page Tw")
GERMANY
Americans have bought guide books
of Luxemburg and are enjoying the
sightseeing in the Moselle valley.
By official decree the grand duchy
of Luxemburg early today changed
frum German to French time, the (
clocks being set back 55 minutes. j
' Major General Lassiter succeeds
Major General Haan of the TKird di- i
vision. General Haan now is com
manding the Seventh corps.
RAIL POLICY IS
BROUGHT TO FORE
BY 1: M'ADOO
! His Resignation Stirs Railroad
Circles in Country 'to Dis
cussion; Glass May Be Sec
retary Rv Review leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. Nov. 23. William
G. McAdoo's resignation as hea'd of
the treasury and railroad administra
tions precipitated discussion today ot
the future status of railroads, an
issue which bad been somewhat
dormant up to the present. Indica
tions were that a result of his retire
ment would be to throw into congress
and into; public discussion much
sooner than ' otherwise the issue of
whether, government operation is to
continue indefinitely, whether this
will be extended to government own
ership or whether the roads will be
restored to the private management,
with nominal sort of federal revision
to permit their continuedpooling and
unified operation.
Speculation as to Mr. McAdoo's
successors, howeVer, took equal rank
with tfta discussion of tne future policy
toward the railroads.
For the position as secretary of
treasury. Representative Carter Glass
of Virginia, chairman of the banking
and currency commission, is "known
to be Beriously considered by Presi
dent Wilson. Friends of Mr. Glass
say he has a reputation or being a
close student and an able thinker on
financial subjects, and for executive
ability has proved his ability in many
private enterprises.
For director general of railroads
there appears to be much more doubt
of the president's selection. Such a
man as Maj. Gen. George Goetlials is
wanted, it was. stated today a man
with executive ability not too closely
connected heretofore with railroad
management, who could view prob
lems from the public standpoint and
at the same time could direct the
staff and organization already built
up by Mr. McAdoo.
On the new director general of rail
roads, whoever he may be, will de
volve the task of guiding the roads
through the readjustment period.
This task will apply to many phases
of employment conditions, - rate prac
tices, traffic reforms, terminal con-; cently required householders to give
solidations, distribution of newly pur-, over "their blankets, presumably for
chased cars and locomotives, policies j the army, under a heavy penalty, and
of government financing of additions, :' a great scandal has developed
betterments, extensions and equip- j through the discovery by sailors of a
ment pun-liases, continuation of re-, trainload of blankets destined for
routing and short-haulilig, standardl- j Germany.
zation of operating methods and meas- jn spite of the widespread desola
ures to increase the traffic capacity tlon. the commune is supporting the
of the rail system to handle the bi 3 I national opera, the ballet and the
volume of freight expected during the ' theaters, giving free performances to
next few years. J soldiers and sailors and school chil-
Upon the policies of the new rail ; dren.
director will depend largely whether
the government shall continue com-i ALLIED OPERATIONS SLOW,
bining the railroads into a homoge-1 ARCHANGEL, Nov. 23. (By the
nous unit or being the "breaking up" j Associated Press. The American and
process in preparation for resumption entente troops both have encountered
of private control. From the presi-! strong opposition both on the Volog
dent's selection, observers believe, j da-Dvinsk railway and on the Dvina
may be determined to a large degree river. Owing to the swampy nature
the attitude of the administration on j of the terrain it has been necessary
the railroads' future. to confine operations to the water
This is one reason why the picking and railways. The bolshevik craft,
of a new director general is regarded j equipped with large guns, have been
as fraught with such unusual signifi- j better able to maneuver than the en
cance. j tente ships, and have prevented the
Although Mr. McAdoo will retire to occupation of Hotels by the entente,
private life, his friends say he has j A plan is under discussion in mill
no thought of refraining fr j.ti express-1 tary circles for the creation of a vol
ing his ideas on governmental policies j untary army for Russian relief, should
from time to time. Particularly will the allies agree upon the policy of
he remain interested in the railroad
question and those in close touch with i
Mr. McAdoo would not be surprised
(Continued n Puge Two)
Edison Forsees an
ORANGE. N. J., Nov. 23. With
the coming of peace an era of
great prosperity is at bund, if
the business men of the nation
will proceed with confidence in
the future, declared Thomas A.
Edison, the inventor, in a state
ment tonight.
"Tbe surest way to bring on a
depression ot business is to nur
ture f"rs and act hesitatingly,"
DOGS AND MEN
FOR
E FLESH
BOLSHEVIKI REGIME OPENLY AS
SERTS THAT IT HAS NO MORE
THAN FOOD SUFFICIENT TO
SUPPLY NEEDS OF FIGHTING
FORCE AND ADHERENTS
OTHERS MAY STARVE
BRITISH BUSINESS MAN WHO
ESCAPED FROM PETROGRAD
THIS MONTH BRINGS GRAPHIC
STORY OF HORROR OF PRES
ENT CONDITIONS
(Rv Review Leaned Wlre
LONDON. Nov. 23. Bogs and men
are battling in Petrograd for the
flesh of horses which drop dead in
the streets, according to a British
business man who just arrived in
London. He escaped from Petrograd
in November.
The bolshevik government, he said.
has announced since the recapture of
Kazan, Simbirsk and Samara that
they would have grain enough to feed
tne soldiers, sailors and their own
partisans throughout the winter. They
wjll not issue food to any other per
sons. As a result, money has lost
its food buying power and the non-
bolshevik Russians are in a desperate
condition.
All the wholesale and retail estab
lishments have been nationalized and
by putting bolshevik committees in
! cuarge of all residences, M. Zinoviaff,
. toe fo0(j administrator, has effected a
! ooruplete secret service system of
food. The transport of food Into
Petrograd is under close supervision
cutting off the last source available
to non-bolsheviki.
The friction between Zinovieff and
the Moscow authorities continues.
j zinovieff insisting that the northern.
commune should be independent
The bolshevik! are executing many
prisoners and are mafin; no attempt
to conceal that such action has been
forced upon them in order to conserve
food.
The British narrator says the bol
shevik strength in Petrograd. as well
as in Moscow, has increased since
the attempts on Inine's life and the
advances in the Volga region, largely
because many Russian liberals believe
that they must choose between the
bolshevik and the extreme reaction
aries, as none of the faction leaders
In the center show strength.
Maxim Gorky has Joined the bol
shevik and has accepted a position
in the department of education. Many
others who were at first opposed to.
the bolshevik are taking similar ac
tion. The Petrograd commune re-
feeding Russia.
Daylight in Archangel now is of
only four hours" duration, and this
(Cotitliu! on Tuge Tbrtwl
Era of Prosperity
he said. "We now have a na
tional financial system which is
capable of meeting practically any
situation that can arise and we
need not fear difficulties from
that quarter. Our farmers have
harvested an enormous crop, and
the assurance of good prices, to
gether with more plentiful labor,
make certain a ln-avy planting
nxt yar"
FIGHTING
K
YANKS
GIVEN
HONOR PLACE
IN REVIEW
BATTALION OF OUR MEN PLAY
PROMINENT' PART IN CEREMON
IAL ENTRY OF BELGIAN SOV
EREIGNS INTO BRUSSELS SAT
URDAY GET FINE RECEPTION
reoccupation of strassburg
at which king albert will
be present, will complete
liberation of alsace from
german'hands
WITH THE "BRITISH ARMY
OF OCCUPATION, Friday. Nov.
22. (By the Associated Press.)
American soldiers headed the
procession of troops which
entered Brussels this morning
with King Albert. One battalion
of fine looking fellows from the
91st division, which comes from
the coast states, was lollowed by
a battery of artillery from the 5.1U
brigade.
No fine? troops marched through
Brussels today than the Yankees,
and none, except perhaps the
Belgians, were given a heartier
reception. These boys are fresh
from the battlefields, for they are
the troops which fought so bril
liantly in the drive for Auden
ardt, just before the armistice
was signed. " - - -
WILL COMPLETE OCCUPATION.
PARIS. Nov. 23. The entry of
French troops into Strassburg will
complete the liberation of Alsace.
The military occupation of the city,
at which King Albert of Belgium will
be present with Marshal Koch, says
the Petit Journal, will be followed by
another ceremony. (
At a conference of President Poin-
care. Premier Clemenceau and Mar
shal Foch at the Elysee palace Fri
day, It was decided that the entry oC
the civil authorities would take place
on December 8 in the presence of the
president, the premier the members
of the cabinet and deputations from
the senate and the chamber of depu
ties. They will leave Paris on a spe
cial train Tecember 6.
CLOSE CONTACT ESTABLISHED
LUXEMBURG. Friday. Nov. 22. (By
the Associated- Press.) Within a
stone's throw at some points of the
rear guard of the German army, the
American forces under Major General
Dickman settled themselves today for
a step across the enemy's frontier.
Without opposition at any place, the
Americans continued the absorption
of that part of the territory evacuated
by the Germans under tbe armistice
terms, assigned to them. On the
extreme left the American army
of occupation reached before night
fall Ingiedorf, about a mile west of
Diekerch. In general a line along the
Our and Moselle rivers .was occupied.
the extreme right being south of
Remich. The closing movement to
day brought more than a score of
towns under allied control. In one or
two of these, just west of the Ger
man frontier, the inhabitants were
somewhat less demonstrative, bat
even then a majority of the people
seemed to be pleased at the change.
In most of the towns enthusiasm
found lively expression in flags hang
ing from public buildings and even
the poorest' houses, while the villagers
shouted a welcome to every passing
group of soldiers.
Along the Moselle river near the
northern part ot the lines the Amer
ican outposts look across the narraw
stream at German soldiers marching
or sauntering along the streets of
villages over which the German flag
flew. Grevenacher. the largest town
in proximity of the American line, was
evacuated before noon, the movement
of the Germans to the opposite bank
of the river indicating that they were
making ready to retire still further
during the night or on Saturday.
BELGIAN ANNOUNCEMENT
i Hv review Leaned Wlr
PARIS. Nbv. 23. The official com
munication issued by the Belgian
government on November 2! deals
briefly with the entry of the king and
queen of the Belgian! lata Brussels
at the head of American. French and
British, as well as Belgian troops. Tbe
allied and Belgian soldiers ware warm
ly welcomed and acclaimed, the an
nouncement says, along the whole
course. TWO
THE B1SBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 24, 1918.
NOVEMBER, This Year, is the Holiday SHOPPING MONTH and r
THE WONDER
SANDfl
LORIES OF CHRISTMA
II in.- 3 I
Are Intensified and Multiplied by tie Victorious Closing of the War.
The enemies of humanity have been shorn of their power to do evil. The civilized
people of the earth are rejoicing in the triumph of right over might. Every where is manifested joy and pride at the glorious tur
nation of a mighty conflict that was never in doubt as to its final issues. The forces of retribution and re-adjustment
are working swiftly and the full observance of Christmas rites and customs may fittingly be termed a
privilege and anom of the PRIZED REWARDS and the BLESSINGS of PEACE. .
v t- a s r r r at a Ti T
GLOVE VALUES, $1.69
Suretv. you will ste that Monday is the time to fill your Christ
mas gloveiieeds. One clasp and P. K. Sewn with self embroidery
and 1-4 in. welt.
These gloves are really equal to gloves now being sold at almost
4..Kln , 1, , Tan nulv nil ai7Ctt
Army Knitting WORSTED
$1.40 per Hank
We have just received a new shipment of army knitting worsted.
in mixed grey. Stock is limited, hank $1.40
Our line of Germantown knitting worsted is complete, hank .. 40c
If tit rpn i
Ullb tor
M1
1"
AN EXTRAORDINARY SPECIAL PURCHASE OF
i
KiVeryDooy
35 00 $3
975
36 to 40 Inch
Fancy
Satins
$1.98 yard
PLAIDS AND STRIPES.
When one considers that fancy
silks are in such high favor now
adays, these pretty satins, offered
at $1.98 yard seems almost like s
mistake or error in judgment, es
pecially when inferior qualities are
being sold every day at much high
er prices. However, there is a rea
son for this low price the lot con
sists of broken, lines of plaids,
stripes and checks some left over
from last season's selling, but there
is such a really attractive assort
ment that it is more; than likfely
you wtii be able tj find just what
you want.
FIRST FLOOR
To offer these
Beautiful
HATS
AT SUCH GREAT REDUC
TIONS, IS OFFERED VALUES
THAT ECLIPSE EVERY MIL
LINERY EVENT OF THE
SEASON.
$22.50 to $25.00 $14.95
hats ....
$15.00 to $16.50 $8 95
hats :.
$8.50 to $ 10.0Q $C 95
hats
An old time Fair Millinery Special, wherein everything,
even the vital element of style and quality, bows before
phenominal value. The hats are individual, dignified in
line, superior in material and fashioned after the most ex
clusive models from Paris and New York.
Peiiig permitted to tell you what these hats sold for
under ordinary conditions, it is not a hard matter to con
vey to our readers exactly what one may expect in style,
qualitv nd value at the great reductions we have made.
SECOND FLOOR MILLINERY DEPARTMENT
r
OVER
THERE
YOUR SOLDIER BOY IS
ENTITLED, MORE THAN
EVER NOW. TO HIS
CHRISTMAS PACKAGE.
Judging from. the daily throngs
at our Soldiers' Booth, on the first
floor, we are incliued to believe
the statement made by many of our
customers, that we have the most
complete and satisfactory "Over
seas" service htat they know about
in Bisbee.
There are scores of combination
packages to select from and all you
have to do is make your choice
and we will attend to all the details
and see that your order goes for
ward with the least possible delay.
Ask for our "Overseas" booklet,
containing full information as to
packages of the finest French delicacies.
FIRST FLOOR
One of the Most Important
Apparel Events of the Season
Greatly underpriced when you need them most, and this season even with all the extraordinary conditions, we
have had to combat, we were able through our New York representative to purchase this big lot of suits at an ei
ceptionally low price. This lot of suits surpass any of the seasons past you are going to be mightily surprised
at the quality and style-and perticularly so. if you've been shopping around and know what prices prevail else
where. A variety that provides a choice for a good many women of different views. There are suits in serges,
poplins, velures and broadcloth and mixtures some are full silk lined and most attractively furnished. Colors
are taupe, brown, black and navy. SECOND FLOOR SUIT DEPARTMENT.
Women's Coats, $25.00, $29.50, $35.00 and up
This coat advertisement is addressed to whoever is contemplating the purchase of a garment, stamped with style,
class and character. This is the time of the year when coats are needed most and only recently we've replenished
the stock and areshowing some of the very latest models. The materials are broadcloth, burella cloth, crystsl
cloths, diagonal and silvertone; sizes 16 to 44. Large women's sizes. 46 to 52 bust measure SECOND FLOOR
Reductions in Women's Fancy Novelty SKIRTS
These consist of high-grade novelty wool plaid's, exclusive patterns. Silk poplins in black and colors. Fancy
striped silks, wool serge and tricotine. All the latest styles, nothing reserved.
$25.00 plaid and silk skirts $18.95 ; $12.50 wool and silk skirts $3.95
$25.00 wool and silk skirts $15.75 ; $10.00 wool and silk skirts $7.75
$15.50 wool and silk skirts $12.95 ; SECOND FLOOR
r
WOMEN'S. SILK DRESSES
Special $19.75
No two in all the collection are alike, so it is almost a certainty that you'll find one
that will please you quite as well as though it was made to your order. We've chosen
this big lot from our stock of$25.00 dresses to make it especially interesting for 8
Thanksgiving sale. High girlish waist line for the slender figure, up to 38 size, and
normal waist line for the larger women up to 44 bust measurement. Materials are
crepe de chine and satin, with pretty combinations of georgette crepe, daintily trimmed
in contrasting colors and silk fringes.
SECOND FLOOR
Buy Furs and Save
We are showing a beautiful collection of high grade fur neck pieces and sets. Every
one is brand new, of perfect quality and made up to wear and look well to the last
day of their service. Remember, when you select furs of- approved quality, either
for yourself or for gifts, you are making real investments, comparable in intrusic worth
and "desirability only to diamonds and other precious stones.
SECOND FLOOR Fl'R DEPARTMENT
Extra SPECIAL !
Bungalow
Aprons, 98c
Aprons, made of good quality
parcel, in light and dark colors,
in stripes dots and figured. Made
full and roomy, iwith belts and
pockets, trimmed with braid, all
sizes.
SECOND FLOOR
Crepe de Chine
TEDDY BEARS
$3.95
A November offering brimming
with value.
An assortment, because of Its
variety, providing individual choice
entirely satisfying. White and
flesh. French finished tops, also
lace and embroidery trimmed.
SECOND FLOOR
(Blouse Department)
r
ASSORTMENT WITHOUT PRECEDENT AND VALUE UNEXPECTED IN
Xmas Gift Handkerchiefs
5c to $2.00 in open stock 15c to $3.00 in boxes of three.
Pure linen handkerchiefs, hemstitched, hand embroidered, in white and colors or
trimmed with Armenian lace.
Dainty pure linen glove handkerchiefs, hand embroidered, crepe de chine handker
chiefs In exquisite designs pure linen handkerchiefs, w ith embroidered initials, in white
and colors.
Shamrock lawn handkerchiefs, with colored borders and hand embroidered designs,
some finished with dainty Armenian lace. Children's handkerchiefs in colored em
broidered designs. FIRST FLOOR
LACE CAMISOLE PATTERNS, 75c
Dainty camisole patterns in shadow lace. 1 1-4 yd. lengths, finished edses. ready for
ribbon, always make nice Xmas gifts. RIBBON DEPARTMENT
I
I
WOOL ARMY BLANKETS $8.45
Only 50 pairs of these fine wool blankets. Rejected by the government on account
of color, dark grey. A pair should not come amiss, with the long winter months
ahead, when one's attention is shifted to plenty of warm bedding and a decided
saving, too. BASEMENT BEDDING DEPARTMENT
EX-JUSTICE
DENIES STORY
OF PLOTTING
:iliii!!cil from T'Hge One'
ing a participant in a frame up. I
never wrote a Fickert brief or even
saw one until it was printed and
Circtila ted.
-The charges of bribery against me
are thus Bummed up in the Densmore
report:
"The supreme court's final decisioit
as a rc-suit of the re hearing brought
alMHit through the instrumentality of
Judcc Henshaw. was in favor of lh.:
heir, llcnshaw having changed his
vote to fiivor the petitioners. Pay
ment of J4011.D1H1 tvH then made by a
series ot cheeks of J.W'nto each,
drawn by S. G. Murphy, president of
the First National hank, in favor of
Dingee. I hose payments covet ing a
period of some weeks. Dingee avers
that in part these sum were given
by him direct to Judge Henshaw;
that other installments were conveyed
to IlensliHW by MoflitL
"The charge of bribery is utterly
and unqualifiedly false. If. as would
appear from Ihe staienienl , that Mr.
Dingee did receive money from the
Fair h"!r. I n;vr i;j!cd a !.-!ar
of it.
"This charge. tone , fi!T to mj
kuo ledge, as part ol a statem. nt
charging similar crimes and wrongs
upon many other of Mr. Dingee's
former friends, men prominent in
California. Mooney and an unscrupu
lous desire for revenge could have
been the only actuating motives iu
making them. I shall not make pub
lic the names of these men and so
expose them to the same unmerited
malignancy.
"1 can but express my amazement
that a government official investiga- j
tor should thus give currency to so iu- J
famous an attack, without affording ,
me the slightest opportunity either j
for either explanation or denial." j
The charges referred to by Judge J
Henshaw were made in a statement ,
developed by Fremont Older, editor of j
the San Francisco Call. Mr Older to-1
day. in a similar statement, printed in I
the ( all reiterated these, charges.
Wiiliain J. Dingee, mentioned in the.
stal"inent. is a capitalist of Oakland, :
Calif. He formerly was president of,
the Contra Costa Water company,1
serving the east side of San Francisco1
bay. whieh was merged later with the 1
People's Water company. lie is promi
nent as a re.v! estate promoter, and
had large land holdings in Alameda
and San Mateo counties.
The .Moffitt referred to in the Dens-
mine report was Frank .1. Moffitt. a
newspaper man of Oakland. Ci'lif . !
'ho died mote i.bdii tell jean, ago
Tti-' s:gii d statement given by
Judge Henshaw to the Associated
Press was written by him in long
hand in his office and ill uie presence
of his brother. W. C. Henshaw, head
of a large cement company, and two
associated Press men.
Howard Vernon, stenographer of
the county grand jury retired from
his position today pending an investi
gation of the entire affair outlined in
the putative Densmore report by that
body. Vernon's name was mentioned
in the document.
Wui. H. McCarthy, toreman of the
grand jury said today he would call
the body together next Monday night
to begin investigation. District Attor
ney Charles M. Fickert will not be
pit-sent at Ihe grand jury inquiry. .Mc
Carthy saitl, because his name and
several of these of his assistants had
been mentioned in the report.
Statements regarding alleged con
versations between Kdwaid A. ( tinlia
and himself, referred to in the report
are "deliberate falsehoods" District
Attorney Fickert saiil in a statement
tonight to the Associated Press,
('nulla is an assistant to Fickert anil
assisted the !att-r in prosecuting tin;
bomb cases.
The statement said;
"Either he (referring to Densmore I
or people under his employ got into
my' room and purloined a uiun'ner ol
papci. because I knew when the
room biokeii itilo .mi! tin p.ipt-r
taken. They i'iv doi nineiit.-. pgs-
in:, tile criminality ol certi'in persons
1 in connection with the preparedness
I day parade."
FAIR CASE REVIEWED
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 2o. The
reversal by the California supreme
court of its original decision in the
contest of the will of the late Senator
James G. Fair, of Nevada, involving
millions of dollars, resulted from the
reversal of opinion by F. W. Henshaw,
member of the supreme court for
more than a score ot years. This is
the case referred to in Judge Hen
shaw's denial of bribery charges.
When he died in 18i4 Senator Fair
' lett a "trust will" providing for lire
' incomes for his three children,
Charles L. Fair, Mrs. Theresa (llcr-
niaiini Oelrichs and Mrs. Virginia
I (William K.I Vanderbilt and for dis
' tiitmlion of his property after their
: deaths equally lo their heirs and those
of his brothers and sisters.
. Senator Fair's children brought a
'contest against the trust features of
i the win. asking that the entire estate
i be K-t t to them. The decision of Su
perior Judge Cha'ie.s W. S!ek ill IS'.la
was in their lavor.
The executors and tnifclei's under
Ihe will then iippealed to the state
'siipieme lourt where in 1M'I2 they ob
tained a reversal of I lie supeijir roiirt
: judgment.
Former Justice Henshaw coiicuned
ill this decision. The contestant mien
theieafter obtained a rehearing in
i winch the supreme cowl leversed its
j former decision and upheld the decree
I of the superior court in favor of the
, children. Henshaw concurred in the
; latter decision, his giving the neces
jsary four justices for the reversal of
the first supreme court action in the
matter.
Henshaw resigned from the su
preme court about six months ago to
enter private practice. He would
have completed his second 12 year
term January 1, lili.
TAFT OFFERED
POST OF SOLE
COMMISSIONER
K 'oniinueil from Pane Unci '
leagues to former President Taft with
out tirst holding a meeting of iiiem
l bcrs of the leagues.
I "Mr. Frazee is only a club owner,
like myself and hence has no such j
plenipotentiary powers to act as
suokcsinan. for the American league'
in such matters." Mr. Ball said. 1
1 DISCLAIMS ANY KNOWLEDGE j
CINCINNATI. Ohio. Nov. 2:1. "1 do1
not know anything about it; there has
I been no meelings and I have nothing!
lurtiier to say." Chairman Hen iiianii
of the National Baseball commission ,
said tonight when quest iiuied as to th"
announcement ol II. .V Hempstead of
l the New York Nationals and Harrj '
Frazee of the Boston Americans that
former President Win. II. Taft had
been offered the position as sole mem
ber of the national commission.
HAD HEARD NOTHING
ST. LOUIS. Mo.. Nov. 23. James C.
Jones, acting president of the St.
Louis Nationals, whe n asked his opin
ion, regarding the offer, said:
"This is the first I've heard of it.
but I think it's a very wise move and
1 certainly hope Mr. Taft will accept
the position."
to -I-, inclusive, CI to .121 inclusive.
o... 29 to inclusive, 340. 349. 356.
3il. ::;i. 377-s. 47o to 473 Inclusive,
47j to 473 inclusive. 812, 823-4. 831 to
V!4 inclusive. S:!S to 839 inclusive. Sir
StiV M'6 and 11'.'7.
The construction companies are
Nos. 3 to l: inclusive, with the excep
licn of company No. 11 and three oth
er special units.
CHIEF OF STAFF TELLS
WHICH TROOPS FIRST
TO COME BACK HOME
It 'ofiiiituetl from !'Ke one)
ly all of the supplemental army corps
and army troops are to bo withdrawn.
He said he already had authorized
General Pershing to send back rail
way artillery, army artillery, gas
troops and tank corps units iu addi
tion to the divisional organizations.
Some of Ihe divisions designated by
General Pershing are replacement
units which have been skeletonised
by withdrawal of drafts to recruit di
visions in the line.
Tile aero squadrons to rem in are
numbers lin. 1 lilt. 177. Is7 .
I'lO 11. 216. 21!' 2n. 22.V6. 22v!'. -34. 2.".4.
2.j''. 2-V.I KM 61 62 t')3, 2'i.", 267-8, 282, 3"'J
RAIL POLICY IS
BROUGHT TO FORE
BY MR. M'ADOO
o 'mil tw.i il from I'.urv cn-i
to see 1,1111 ecune forward In a tew
numt'is with specific recommenda
tions tor tie- nation's consideration of
lh- riilroad i-Mie. Mr, McAdoo is
said by hf;, trends to look with dis
lavor on restoration of individual rail
road competition and there have been
many reports that eventually he would
advocate complete goverument owner
ship, to be developed by exchange of
government bonds for outstaudfn.
stock issues. Officially, however. Mr.
Mt-Adoo never had indicated this attitude.
MINERS BEAT TEACHERS.
GOLDEN. Colo.. Nov. L-3. The
Co!i railo School of .Mine-., as vet un
iMetL'd at lootNall tiiis :fawn. dls
i' --t 1 el the Colorado Teachers col
lege here today by a score ol 41 to ". THREE
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 24, 1918.
6
, PARLEY
DELEGATION IS
SILJ11ED
Personnel of Mission Appar
ently Remains in Doubt,
Though Selection of Sub
ordinates Starts
(By Review Leased Wive)
WASHiNGTO.V, Nov. 2:5. With
resident Wiisuu expected to sail for
.France within less than two weeks,
so lar as can be gathered, tire person
nel of the American commission which
is to represent tliis country at the
peace conlerence ia not complete even
as to its principles. This is believed
to be the explanation of tne delay
in making public announcement of
'.lie names of the commissioners,
which the recent white house state
ment said would be made "presently."
MeanwhiVJ, attention is being given
to the selection of the secretaries
and attaches of the American mission
and to the collection of the large
quantity of historical and legal data
that will be required. The nearest
parallel to the approaching conference
probably is to be found in the famous
conference of Vienna of 1814, which
gathered to rearrange the map of
Kurope following Napoleon's downfail.
Accordingly, earnest study is being
given to the preliminaries leading up
to that conference and to its detailed
proceedings as far as these have
been preserved.
The two Hague conferences of 1S'j7
and 1907 also developed methods of
procedure and a wealth of subjects
regarding the ideal relationship of the
community of states that would be of
assistance in arranging the program
t)f proceedings at Versailles. For
their special guidance the American
commissioners will have at hand a
Tast amount of information regarding
the smaller nationalities of Kurope;
the arbitrary divisions which have
been made iu defiance of racial ties
and natural affiliations for purely
political purposes and the latest con
ceptions of the present desires of thji
oppressed races p. 11 representing the
results of close study by some of
America's most eminent university
men, directed by Colonel House.
The American commissioners, in ad
dition, will have the benefit of ex
ceedingly detailed and definite in
structions on every conceivable point.
These instructions are believed to be
in preparation now by state depart
ment officials.
WANTS POPE REPRESENTED
GIv K.-view Leased Wiivi
INDIANAPOLIS, lnd., Nov. 23.
When the powers of the world about
a peace table Pope Uenedict should
surely have a place. Cardinal O'Con-
THIS STAMP IS YOUR PROTECTION
TO
U. S. FOOD ADMINISTRATION LICENSE
GOV. BURNQUIST CALLS
OUT RESERVES TO
PREVENT REDS' MEETING
ST. PAUL, Minn.. Nov. 2?.. Gov-
ed out the Minneapolis and St j
Paul branches of the Minnesota
motor reserve corps to prevent an
advertised "Red flag" meeting of
the socialists in Minneapolis to
morrow afternoon.
nel suid in an address before the
League of Catholic Women at the
Academy of Notre Dame, today. The
cardinal suid the people's terms of
peace "are in reality practically
identical with those which were final
ly proposed at least tentatively by the
allies."
"Certainly," he continued, "Presi
dent Wilson's 14 articles show little
I practical divergence from those which
had already formulated by Uenedict
XV.
"Now the powers of the world are
soon to gather to arrange the terms
of peace. Surely, in that gathering
the pepe will have a hearing and a
rightful place."
HUN SUB COMMANDER
CLAIMS 120,000 TONS OF
SHIPPING OF AMERICA
(T!v ' Tiovlew Leased Wire)
LONDON, Nov. 23. Among
the German submarines surren
dered at Harwich Friday was one
that had operated off the Amer
ican coast. According to the
statement of the sub-lieutenant in
command th;s susmarine sank
120.0(10 tons of American ship
ping. She is a big, powerful boat
and carried 42 mines and 22 tor
pedoes. APPEAL TO NURSES.
cHv Rivi w T.eiwil Wire)
I SAN' FRANCISCO, Nov. 23.
An appeal to every man and
' woman in California, Nevada and
1 Arizona who knows anything
; about nursing to register with
j the Red Cross has issued Trom
' that organization's Pacific divi-
j sion headquarters here. Gradu-
! ate, practical and student nurses
i are asked to register particularly
I and every one who is willing to
serve either at home or at a dis
tance is included in the appeal.
A further outbreak of Spanish In
fluenza in many localities makes "
the call imperative, the announce
ment said.
CLEMENCEAU TO VISIT
GREAT BRITAIN SHORTLY
PARIS, Nov. 23. Premier Cletnen
ceau was reported early today to have
gone to London, but he still is in
Paris. A semi-official note, published
this evening ia the Temps explains
that Premier Lloyd-George has invited
M. Clemenceau to visit London and
that the French premier has accepted
iu principle, though the date has not
yet been fixed. The premier cer
tainly will not go to London, it is
added, before King George and Queen
Mary have made their intended visit
to Paris at the end of this month.
994
AGAINST INFECTED MEATS
VREA
UN!
, TRAILS COLORS
OF ANNAPOLIS
Great Lakes Players Win by
Score of 7 to 6; California
Beats Oregon; Other Foot-'
ball Results !
Hv Review- Leased Wire)
ANNAPOLIS, lnd., Nov. 23. In one
of the most bitterly contested games
ever witnessed on a local gridiron
the eleven of the Great Lakes Naval
Training station of Chicago trailed
the colors of Annapolis Midshipmen
in defeat here this afternoon by a
score of 7 to 6, the narrow margin -of
a goal kicked.
qhe tars from the middle west
turned what seemed like certain de
feat into victory In the last three
minutes of the closing period of the
game, when Eilson sprinted 90 yards
to a touchdown. Blacklock, the big
Indian, put up a brilliant defensive
game at right tackle for Great Lakes
and kicked the goal that sealed the
fate of the Middies claim for football
supremacy in the east.
The game was a thriller from start
to finish and was marked by a sen
sational incident one that Is seldom
witnessed on a college gridiron these
davs. The sensation was coupled
with Ellson's brilliant dash to a touch
down. After the Great Lakes runner
had sprinted to within the 30-yard
mark or the Navy's goal line and the
last of the pursuing tacklers had
been disposed of by his interference,
Saunders, one of the Middies first
string substitutes, dashed from his
seat on the beech out into the foot
ball arena and brought the fleeing
runner down from behind. General
excitement prevailed for a time, and
! some of the sunnorters of Great Lakes
(made a rush for the intruding Middy
and began pummeiung mm, uui quiec.
was soon restored and the game pro
ceeded. Eilson had a clear field at
the time and the officials, of course,
ruled a legitimate touchdown.
This incident came virtually as a
climax to the stubbornness of the
fight that each team put Into the
game, although there was no element
of unnecessary roughness.
CALIFORNIA BETTERS OREGON.
BERKELEY, Cal., Nov. 23. The
University of California defeated the
University of Oregon here today, 6
to 0, in a strongly contested foot
ball game. Oregan had one oppor
tunity to tie the score in the third
quarter when they rushed the ball to
the California's one-yard line, where
thev lost it.
DENVER BEATS COLORADO.
BOULDER, Colo., Nov. 23. Scoring
a touchdown in the first three minutes
s
'$
NO. G-07681
I
J
TRAINING SCHOOL
of play, Denver university defeated
i he University of Colorado at. foothaR
here today ty a 6 to 0 score. The
game, played in a bitter wind and on
a snow and ice-covered fieldji was
characterized by much fumbling and
little brilliant football.
HARVARD BEATS BOSTON.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass., Nov. 23. Two
long runs in the first five minutes of
play enabled Harvard to defeat Bos
ton college at football by a score of
14 to 6 today. In the last fivt; minutes
of play ISoston college uncovered a
dazzling open game and went over
for a touchdown on three forward
passes, which netted ' a total of 45
yards.
PITTSBURG WINS GAME.
PITTSBURGH. Nov. 23. The Cni
versity of Pittsburgh football team
defeated the team from Georgia Te.h
at Forbes field today, 32 to 0. in a
game marked by open work aud little
line smashing. The running of Duties,
the Panther left halfback, was sensa
tional. Twice he took the ball from
a Tech player's punt and ran 50 and
55 yards, respectively, for two touch
downs. He was the best ground
gained seen at Forbes this year.
The work of Easterday was only
very little behind that of Da vies,
while McLaren as usual was success
ful in getting through the center, al
though Coach Warner worked that
play much less than usual. Pittsfcurj-h
indulged in forward passing consid
erably and very frequently gains were
made at dangerous time for the vis
itors. ILLINOIS BEATS CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Nov. 23 The University
of Illinois eleven, playing in its best
style and fulfilling the expectations
ol its adherents, today defeated the
University of Chicago 20 to 0. on
Stag3 field. The result, taken in con
nection with the defeat of Northwest
ern at Iowa City, strengthened the
Illinois claim to whatever champion
ship honors are likely to be evolved
from ihe 1918 season.
The local team showed little im
provement over its previous appear
ances. Shifts in its lineup, due to
injuries of regulars, reduced its team
play to a minimum and some of the
substitutes were so green that they
frequently violated rules. This was
especially so on the part of the line
whose holding cost Chicago a number
of 15-yard penalties.
BALLOONISTS TIE SOLDIERS.
KANSAS CITY', Mo., Nov. 23.
Teams representing the Omaha Army
Balloon school and the medical divi
sion at Fort Riley, Kan., played a
hard game here today to a 14 to 14
score. Six Omaha players were taken
from the game, three of them injured
severely.
Laskey, an Indian star for the
Medics, made the first score in the
first period and in the second Omaha
took the lead when a forward pass
and an . end run netted two touch
downs. Fort Riley evened the score
in the third period.
OUTCLASSES DARTMOUTH.
BOSTON, Mass., Nov. 23. Brown
outclassed Dartmouth in their annual
football game and won 28 to 0. The
elevens lacked the finish and organ'
ization of before-the-war teams, but
Brown possessed sufficient power to
carry the ball for steady gains in each
period.
MICHIGAN OUTPLAYS AGGIES.
ANN ARBOR, Mich., Nov. 23. The
University of Michigan outplayed the
Michigan Aggies here this afternoon
defeating the East Lansing eleven, 21
to 6, chiefly by their ability to break
through the visitors' defense, 'he
Aggies' only score came in the final
few minutes of play, when two fast
forward passes close to the Wolverine
goal enabled Archer to get over.
RESERVE BEATS MINNESOTA.
i MINNEAPOLIS, lnd.. Nov. 23.
I Coming from behind in the last quar-
i ter, the Chicago Naval Reserve eleven
j scored three touchdowns and won
from the University of Minnesota S.
j A. T. C. team at Northrop field here
j today, 20 to 6. The visitors outplayed
! the Gophers throughout, but were un
able to cross the Minnesota line until
the final period.
NAVAL RESERVE WINS.
CLEVELAND, O.. Nov. 23. The
At New York: Columbia, 12; New
Y'ork university, 0.
Cleveland Naval Reserve football team
defeated Camp Grant 14 to 6.
I FOOTBALL RESULTS.
I At Portland, Me.: University of
I Maine, 20; New Hampshire State col
! lege, 0.
At Worcester, Mass.: Holy Cross,
21; Tufts. 7.
At Hackensack, N. J.: Camp Mer
ritt, 27; Fordham. 0.
At Sunbury, Fa.. Uucknell, 47;
Susquehanna. 7.
At Enid, Okla.: Oklahoma uni
i versity, 14; Phillips, 7.
j At Limerock, Ark.: Camp Tike, 7;
' Camp Funston, 3.
j At Crawfordsville, lnd.: Depanw,
j 28; Wabash, 6.
At Seattle, Wash.: University of
Washington, 6; Oregon Aggies, 0.
At Delaware, O.: Ohio Wesleyan.
38; Ohio Northern, 0.
At Gambier, O.: Kenyon, 39; Ot
terbein, 0.
At Pasadena. Cal.. Stanford, 8;
I University of Southern California. 25.
j At Fairfield, Ia.: Parsons. 21; Des
i Moines. 0.
I Cedar Rapids, Ia.: Coe, 52; State
j Teachers, 3.
At Grinnell, Ia.: Cornell Grinnell
I cancelled.
PENN DEFEATS SWARTH MORE.
PHILADELPHIA. Pa., Nov. 23.
The University of Pennsylvania foot
ball team defeated Swarthmore, 13 to
7, in a closely contested game today
on Franklin field. Pennsylvania out
played the visitors In the first two
I periods, hut was forced to fight hard
I to retain the advantage during the
second half. Itraun proved to be the'
hero of the Pennsylvania, offense,
while Geiges, who made a .":: a rcl run
tor Swarth mole's only touchdown, was
the star of Ihe. Garnet team.
I WISCONSIN BEATS OHIO.
COLl'.MRrS. O.. Nov. '..- In a
game marked by tumbles ami ragged
playing. Wisconsin defeated Ohio
State nere uniav by a st ce e of II to
Hoth or Wisconsin's touc hclrv.viis
came alter Mr-yard runs by Smith,
the first one in the firt period from
a punt format ion aid the second in
the final period when he intercepted
an Ohio State forward imss on his
'own 20-yard line. Sondt kicked both
goals.
NOTRE DAME WINS.
LAFAYETTE, lnd.. Nov. 2:: in the
last game of the season here this ait
ernoon Purdue went down to defeat
before Notre Dame. IS to !. Mohn
made the sensational play of thganic
when he received a punt and ran
yards for a touc hdown.
PRINCE AXEL LEAVES.
l!!- R.-vi-w l.-:i;''l "Mf)
NEW- YORK. Nov. 2:1. Prince
I Axei of Denmark, who has been iu
i the I'uited States tor about six weeks.
sailed today for England on the Ctin
ard liner Ordana.
Prince Axel, who is a captain in
the Danish navy and in the Danish
aviation corps, came to this country
from France, where he spent several
mouths as a neutral observer on the
bat'le front. While h.-re he was the
guest of the J'nited Slates.
The prince declined to make any
statement regarding his visit here.
HOOVER-HURLEY ARRIVE
illv R.-icw I.-:isil Vil
LONDON, Nov. 23. Herbert C.
Hoover, the American food adminis
trator, and Edward N. Hurley, chair
man of the shipping board, havj ar
rived here. They wese met by repre
sentatives of the British food and
shipping departments. Mr. Hoover
and Mr. Hurley will remain here over
the week-end and then proceed to
Paris.
TELEGRAPHS CONSOLIDATED
Illy Kvi-w Leased Wirej
WASHINGTON. Nov. 23 Consoli
dation of M'e services of the Western
Union and Postal telegraph and cable
companies was announced today by
postmaster general, Burleson effect
ive D'ieniber 1, next.
RING TO BOOST COTTON.
ilv R'vit-w Leased Wire!
ATLANTA. Ga., Nov. 23. Govern
ors of eight southern states have
requested farmers to form organiza
tions the price of cotton.
DOGS AND MEN
FIGHTING FOR
HORSE FLESH
(I'ontimiiil fynm P.-ipe One
fact, with the fogs, facilitates the
gueriila warfare of the bolshevik, op
erating in the shelter of the forests.
It is believed the evacuation of the
Archangel district by the allies would
probably result in the murder of the
entire population friendly to the en
tente by the bolshevik, just as the
elements antagonistic to the bolshe
vik were slaughtered in the Volga
towns evacuated by the Czecho-Slnvs
after the establishment of white
guard governments under Czechs sup
port. A similar slaughter occurred
at Vologda, where entente supporters
who rallied about the embassies were
persecuted mercilessly after the de
parture of the entente diplomats. All
possible encouragement of the anti
bolshevik organization has carried
with it a responsibility which the
military leaders are unwilling to
overlook.
LVOFF WANTS RECOGNITION.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 23. Recogni
tion of Russia at the world peace con
ference at Versailles was urged by
Prince George Lvoff, first prime min
ister of Russia after the overthrow of
the czar, in a statement today to the
American people. Prince Lvoff ex
pressed his conviction that any pro
gram of reconstruction which does
not provide for the complete destruc
tion of bolshevikisin in Russia will
leave in the world the germ of au- j
other great war.
"The termination Of the war has I
raised the question of the peace con-
ference," said Prince Lveff. "I think
a sense of duty and justice dictates
to the allies the necessity of organ
izing In Versailles the defense of '
Russian interests. This work can be
done by Russians only. The country
as a whole is unable at present to.
send to the conference its plenipoten
tiary representatives. Hut when our
friend is ill we act for him.
"To designate the persons and con
sider the form of their part at the
conference is a matter of friendly in
terest to the allies."
Of the present bolshevik rulers of
Russia. Prince Lvoff said:
"At the moment of greatest weari
ness of the war they promised peace,
bread and liberty to the people and
many followed.
"Instead of peace they gave never-
ceasing war; Instead of bread, hunger
without precedent in Russia; Instead
of liberty, a bloody tyranny such as
we never knew in the worst years of
the reign of the czars.
The bolshevik are indulging in a'
perpetual revolution. Their aim Is j
universal social irruption. They are
Interested in Russia chiefly as a '
hearth where they may keep up by all j
means the world's conflagration.
From the outside it would seem that i
the bolshevik display strong power, j
but this impression Is nor correct. (
Almost all the branches of their ad-:
ll. - i . v.l
iiiiiiir.ii ni it'll n ' r in 1.1.KT- in iiinus i
and they are unable to enforre, even
ny me mom cruei aim Bangiiinnry i
measures, the submission of the bor-
der lands and the execution of their'
decrees.
"In the bolshevik state. In connec-'
turn with complete unarchy, reien
hung"!- anil the need of all essentials "I deem the intervention of the
; of life. The ailie-s Lave decided to ! allies Is dictated not only by pure
j teed vanquished foes. Can they let ' compassion for the victims of Russian
I lii'ssia dm of starvation? The allies bolshevikisin. but by politic al fore
lieciuiie order of Germany. Can they sight as well.
tolerate the nest of anarc hy in Rus-i "A sentence on bolshevikisiu and all
sl.i, the domination of the bolshevik, ! its crimes has been passed by all the
I wlin are aiming to kindle class hatred civilized nation's, but thJ jur-e and
ami the struggle with the arms of the character of its power remain still
proletarist against other groups of not cleiirly understood by many
ihe population.
1 SfeJSi 'HOME
I Sfe DRESSED
j-rvrh !& 7 . si.- v-ii i f i t. i m
GJWe have them, from 5 lbs. to 20 lbs., and
if you place 3'our order with us NOW you
can jret just the size bird j'ou want
FOR THANKSGIVING
Johnson
U. S. Food Administration License No. G 33540.
The Arizona Corporation Comm'Faion does not recommend the stocks
bonds or other securities offered
! OIL! OH! OK
We Have the OIL!
In buying our stock you invest in a proven oil property.
LISTEN: In drilling our hole we encountered true oil
bearing sand, carrying rich parafine petroleum, the
highest grade and most valuable and therefore, the
most marketable of oils, bringing the highest price of
all crude oils.
We may confidently expect, now that peace is assured,
a steadily advancing market in petroleum, this has been
predicted by the WALL STREET JOURNAL of last
week's issue.
In further drilling and upon reaching the source of these
oil sands, Oil in greater volume will inevitably result
and then look out for soaring prices in this stock.
Treasury stock, now selling at 20 cents, will leap at once
above the $ mark and up and up, its a cinch. Get in
now, as every day counts. Investigate and you will
buy. We court investigation, as we state the FACTS.
DO YOU KNOW THAT
$1 00.00 invested in the Pacific Oil Co. paid $1 70,000 00
$100.00 invested in 1914 Oil Co. paid $ 57,000.00
$175.00 invested in Coline Oil Co. paid $ 83.000.00
$ 65.00 invested in Kern Oil Co. paid $ 1 6.000.00
in dividends.
$400,000 invested in the Trap Shooter paid $1 54,000.00
in dividends and sold for $ 1 60,000 in less
than one year.
CJ Suppose this company were to rival the above record,
nothing is impossible.
CJThe time to make money is to invest ahead of the
drill.
UNITED STATES OIL
& REFINING CO.
AGENTS:
J. O. TONKIN and L R. CAULFIELD
COLLINS & BRETHERTON
and
M
J
FRANK BRIGGS
1
i people abroad."
HOME
DRESSED
DRY
PICKED
Meat Co.!
1
for sale by this or any other company.
Sasse's
Jack Bldg
Lowell
I
J
kjr -3-
I
I FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 24, 1918.
PUBLISHED EVERY DAY EXCEPT MONDAY BY THE
STATE CONSOLIDATED PUBLISHING COMPANY.
CCLLEN A. CAIN Editor and General Manage
SUBSCRIPTION RATES, PAYABLE IN ADVANCE
PER MONTH .75
TI1KEK MONTHS 2
SIX MONTI'S 4 .00
TWELVE MONTHS 7.6U
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per year 2.MI
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per quarter .7b
No Subscription Taken For Less Than 75 Cents
LET THE ENEMY STARVE FIRST
(Washington Post.)
The Germans are drawing a little too
heavily upon the abundant store of Ameri
can credulity and maganimity when they
ask Americans to regard them as genuine
converts to democracy, deeply offended
victims of their late militaristic rulers and
especially deserving a fatted calf of forgive
ness. If the German women who. are ap
pealing to American women for special
favors would kindly hold aloof some evi
dence is forthcoming that the German na
tion is not still a rapacious wolf, harm
less only because overpowered, there might
be a better chance for them in the forth
coming drastic rationing of the world.
The German people's conversion is too
sudden and too voluble to be convincing.
Four years of accumulated proof of savage
delight in atrocious crimes and robberies
cannot be wiped out by a week or two of
internal disorders and declamations on the
beauties of democracy. The truth is that
the German people supported their imper
ial assassin of nations until his murder ma
chinery was smashed and Germany in dan
ger of invasion. Then they affected a
change of heart.
Probably they will change their form of
government. Very good; so a man can
change his coat. But the leopard cannot
change his spots, and the German people
cannot convince their victims in other na
tions that they have become humanized
overnight. There is so little repentance
visible; so little real evidence of a change
of heart. The voice that goes up from
Germany is one of regret, but not for
'crimes committed. It is regret that victory
was not achieved that France and Bel
gium and the other allied nations were not
put in a position to be exploited to the ut
most. When any American is inclined to go
out of his -way to exhibit his generosity to
ward the German people, let him reflect a
moment upon what those people would
have exacted of France, England and Italy
if the kaiser had been victorious.
Let him glance at what was done in Bel
gium and Serbia and what was prepared to
be done in Russia.
Let him bear in mind that the German
people profited greatly in the looting of
allied countries, and that no voice in Ger
many was raised against the robbing of al
lied countries to feed Germans.
It is not for the purpose of advocating
a brutal or cruel policy toward the Ger
man people that these remarks are made.
Two wrongs do not make a right, and it is
not in the nature of Americans to rejoice
in the calamities of their neighbors. But it
is the nature of Americans to be entirely
too generous to a beaten foe. The tendency
is not toward retribution and reprisal, but
toward an excessive generosity which, un
less checked by common sense, swiftly
. runs into a combination of maudlin slob
ber and boastful charity. The quality of
mercy, deteriorates into something that de
grades both the giver and the receiver.
The German people deserve no tender
ness at the hands of the Americans or any
other Allied peoples. They do deserve jus
tice. It has been wisely said recently by a
prominent American that mercy without
justice is even more injurious than justice
without mercy.
Justice should be observed in dealing
with the German people. But the other
peoples deserve justice also.
The world will soon be on famine ra
tions. There need be no doubt that mil
lions of individuals are doomed to die of
hunger. The best that the civilized nations
can do will not enable them to reach all the
stricken ones. If the German people had
sooner quit their effort to rob other na
tions there would have been a chance to
produce more food this year. Now the
world's millions must get along with what
they have.
, Are the Belgians and the French and
the Russians and the Rumanians to be
starved in order that the Germans may be
fed?
The German people see the specter of
famine and are howling already. The al
lied people are not quite so quick to howl,
but the United States of America will be
a devil of ingratitude, a murderer compar
able to William Hohenzollern himself if it
diverts to the Germans any food that is
necessary to keep the people of allied na
tions from starving to death.
THE WEST
The west, the southwest and the middle
west have done much to win the war. Be
fore we went into war it was the New Eng
land and the North Atlantic states that
were the loudest in their clamors for war.
They taunted the middle west with an ac
cusation of pacifism. It was not pacifism
but apathy, an unrealization of what had
suddenly risen up to confront the whole
world. We could not believe that war was
. vital to our well-being. The sentiment of
this part of the country and the west gen
erally was fairly well reflected by the atti
tude of the representatives in congress to
ward the various war preparation bills. But
the east was for war so violently that some
explanation we were about to err in say
ing that it furnished some extenuation
of the pettish remark of Chairman Kitchin
that he had arranged the war revenue bill
so that the burden of the war would fall
upon the northeast, which so much want
ed war.
But the people of the west and middle
west changed over night when the call to
arms came. It changed before their rep
resentatives in congress could realize it.
The west was suddenly all for war, and it
proved its earnestness in a variety of sub
stantial ways; first in voluntary enlist
ments for military and naval service. There
all the Atlantic states from Maine to Flor
ida lagged. Though for war, comparative
ly few of the citizens of that part of the
country were at first for fighting when
war had become a fact.
The first Liberty loan offer furnished
the next te3t. There again the west and
middle west led the country, and they have
done it since in every Red Cross drive and
in every war work campaign. That has
been notably so in the united war work
campaign just closed and in which Arizona
has played so conspicuous a part.
We are not intending to convey that a
greater share of the glory of the v war be
longs to one part of the country than to
another. It is American glory and is indi
vidual and indivisable. Te boys . from
New Enrland, the boys from the south and
from the middle west and the Golden west
have fought side by side with equal brave
ry, and to them belongs in equal measure
and to those who supported them, the glory
of the war.
The differences between sections are not
differences of degrees of patriotism, but
differences of habits. There is less emo
tion in the west, less waving of flags, less
of outward show, so much less that we
sometimes feared that we did not yet quite
realize what the war meant. .But all the
time we were Steadily doing tha things
needed to be done to win the war.
MURDER TRIAL FOR WILHELM
There is much speculation as to what
the fate of the former German kaiser will
be. In all the allied countries there is a
feeling that he should be tried and pun
ished for his crimes, if there is any way to
do it. Some of our statesmen at Wash
ington are interesting themselves in the
question from a legal standpoint.
No doubt a way can be found, if the
allied governments care enough about it.
Wilhelm is net necessarily immune be
cause he sought refuge is a neutral coun
try. Holland would be glad of any good
pretext to rid herself of him. He is there
now on suffrance a3 an interned war pris
oner. He might conceivably be extradited
to England or America to be tried for a
capital offense.
He already stands charged with murder
in England, as a result of the Lusitania
sinking, which he ordered or authorized.
He is open to similar charges for the Zep
pelin raids and other atrocities committed
in England and defiance of international
and British law. There are suggestions,
too, that he be tried for piracy for which
a good case might easily be made out.
It would be an excellent thing to bring
the haughty Hohenzollern to justice in
some such way, and punish him like the
ordinary mortal he is. It is time the whole
world learned that a ruler, whatever his
title or lineage, has no "divine right" to
commit crimes forbidden to other men.
The severest penalty inflicted on this
arch-criminal could not atone for one-millionth
of the harm he has done and the
pain and sorrow he ha3 inflicted. We should
like to see him brought to trial in this
country.
Tom Campbell, Arizona's Next
Governor, Is a Native Son
Apr ;r,; :V J .
. A
ri -.itii
The police are breaking up any
crowds on the streets, and are seeing
that people w ho have any business at
tend to it and depart at the earliest
possible minute. Running water ia
lowing in the gutters of the down
town section, to aid in carrying away
any possible infection.
No more prisoners are being re
ceived at the state penitentiary. Sen
tenced men are being kept in the
county Jail.
Very few communities in Arizona
now are reporting anything but a
general breaking of the epidemic.
Even .Miami, where the worst condi
tions prevailed, U opening its
theaters.
PINAL, GREENLEE AND
GILA LEAD COUNTIES
Thomas E. Campbell, elected gover-1 to the people, but Hunt declined. He
nor of Arizona, according to the of-. then announced that he would be a
ficial count recently completed, is a candidate in 1918. He was nominated
native son. He was born in Pres-
cott, January 18, 1878, of Scotch-Irish
parentage. His father, Daniel Camp
bell, located at Prescott in 1S6 and
still resides there.
Tom Campbell attended the public PURIFICATION OF THE
without opposition at the republican
primaries and elected by a majority
of 340. He has a sister, Mrs. Fred
Juiiff, a resident of Warren.
PHOENIX, Ariz.. Nov. 23. Three
counties in Arizona certain to have
honor trucks named after them as
the result of their part in the united
war work campaign are PinaL Gila
and Greenlee. For the honor of having
the county name on the fourth truck
Coconino and MaricODa are battline.
Between them it is fractions of per- ' headquarters here, he said:
I "'I' I . .
BELGIAN
FRENCH
TOWNS NOT BAD
AS TO CONDITION
Red C ro s s Commissioner
Finds Absence of Pestilence
and Famine, Which Had
Been Feared
HAVRE. Oct. 27 (Correspondence
of tlie Associated Press). Conditions
in some French and Belgian cities
and towns near the Franco-Belgian
border are reported as "in general,
good-' by Major John van Schaick. jr,
acting Red Cross commissioner for
Belgium, who was one of the first
Americans to enter some of these
places after the Germans evacuated
them. In a message to the Red Crnas
schools of his native town, graduated i
from the high school and finished his
education at an academy in Califor-:
nia. '
Mr. Campbell's first public position J
NATION IN THE LATE
FLAMES OF HELL
(By Thomas E. Campbell.)
IinriH Are HpvaRtarrH hut n-hat mat.
was uiai oi .assistant postmaster at ter7 The dragon of devastation is
Prescott, which he resigned in ISitS to vanquished
become assistant postmaster at I frowns have tottered but what mat
Jerome. Ho was later appointed ; ter7 The people shall come into their
postmaster there and resigned that of-1 own.
lice to engage in mining. f NatioI18 have bled their hearts blood
In ISttO in his twenty-second year, ; Dut humanity is saved from the op
he was elected to represent Yavapai j pres.sion of tyranny
county in the state legislature, being : Europe is a charual ground, but
the first native son elected to that j for each fallen martyr there is a ty
position. Iran, Ies8
In June, lUUO he married Miss Tne darkness of despondency
Eleanor Gayle Allen, daughter of H. I 8pread over the eternal battle ground.
J. Allen, a prominent mining man of , Valiantly, heroically, the soldiers who
Jerome. They have two sons, Allen ; blazoned the trail for freedom and
and Brodie Campbell, aged 16 and 14 I democracy struggled with the dragon,
years, respectively. Relentlessly, resistlpsslv h rnui
to their very doorsteps. Dauntless in
In 1101 Mr ramnltoll n-ju .f.w l.wl I
chairman of the Yavapai county re
publican committee and the republi
can ticket was elected, the first re
publican administration In that countytspvead the light of freedom
in many years. In 1910 he was ap
pointed county treasurer having made
a special study of taxation. He was
reappointed in 1911. He was elected
first assessor of Yavapai county under
the state government. It was through
his efforts that the Arizona Assessors'
association ' was formed and he was
unanimously elected its first president
and le-elected in 1912.
In 1912 Mr. Campbell was a candi
date for representative in congress at
the second state elect km but was de
feated by Carl Hayden. In 1914 he
became a candidate for tax commis
sion, being elected for a six year
terra.
In 1916 he was nominated for gover
nor by the republicans and elected
by a majority of 31, as shown by the
official count. His opponent, George
W. P. Hunf, filed a contest and re
fused to give up the office, but the
supreme court seated Governor Camp
bell in January after mandamus pro
ceedings. He resigned as tax com
missioner. He served 11 months. The
lower court", after a lengthy trial
found that he had been chosen by the
people by a majority above that
shown by the official count. Mr. Hunt
appealed and in December. 1917. the
supreme conrt reversed the decision
of the lower court and seated Hunt, j
Governor Campbell immediately chal-
cent rather than per cent.
Pima county is just 8 per cent back
of Maricopa in this honor contest, and
Cochise is 13 per cent back of Pima.
All county figures for the honor
truck competition do not count in any
corporation gifts in excess of S100O.
The prize is for individual effort, ex
clusively. The state's total last evening was
$391,777, as against the allotted quota.
This gives the state a standing of 247,
almost 248 per cent. It is hoped to
mako the state's total 250 per cent be
fore all figures are in.
Final reports have .been received
from no county in the state as yet. and
Navajo and Santa Cruz counties have
not added to their total for two days,
though they have undoubtedly had ad
ditional subscriptions.
State headquarters will be closed
after tomorrow and S. E. Lynd. asso
ciate campaign director for Arizona,
will have desk room with the W. S. S.
Stat headquarters for a time, gather
ing up the details of the campaign for
national headquarters.
THANKSGIVING
PROCLAMATION
STATE OF ARIZONA
Executive Department
splrji these soldiers of right suppli-1
cateu God in his heaven to send deliv
erance to the nations seeking to
Out of the west came a star of
victory.
From the melting pot. kindled by
fires of understanding and sympathy,
rich and poor, high and humble, native-born
and alien, partisan and paci
fist, were welded into one inspired
determination to proclaim the mes
sage of freedom to the uttermost parts
of the earth.
America was on trial before the
tribunal of nations.
She won the respect and admiration
of the world.
Tolerance overcame prejudice.
In pursuit of a common cause dif
ferences were forgotten in unrestrict
ed comradeship.
America today stands one undivided
nation, unconscious of creed, con
scious of God, under one glorious flag,
representing ideals which have been
proved and which every American
citizen will maintain to his last
heart's blood.
Victory to America!
Victory to Americans!
VTctory to the world that America
stands "a star in the west" to guide
the destiny of nations to freedom and!
its high ideals.
Victory that is triumphant but
reverent.
Victory that finds its glory in the
establishment of democracy for all the
A proclamation of thanksgiving:
The president of the lnited States
has, in accordance with the National
custom, designated the 28th day of
November as a day of thanksgiving
and prayer
As the president has pointed out,
never in this generation has th-day
been so really significant. This' na
tion entered upon its great' task with
all the courage of a solemn purpose
None of us dared to hope for such a
speedy termination of our task. In
every home that has the service flag,
whether its star be one of blue or
gold. Thanksgiving will have a mean
ing that it never possessed before. We
There Is no great emergency like
general famine, there is no great
amount of sickness, there is no tre
mendous shortage of - ciothing. but
there is need of prompt assistance on
our part to meet what distress exist.
The roads are horrible, especially on
the Passchendaele Ridge.
Roulers. a town of 25.000 inhabi
tants, has now but 1100 civilians left.
Isegheni, a few miles distant, a town
of 13,000 inhabitants has 1100 left.
"Our camions have rushed a lot of
food up to Turcoing. Lille, Roubaix.
Other camions took emergency ra
tions up to some of the other little
villages this side of Roulers. Ambu
lances brought back sick and wound
ed Belgians who bad been under bom
bardment." Telling of his trip to Iseghem, Maj
or van Schaick described an incident
typical of the return of the Belgians
to their homes which had been oc
cupied by the German military forces.
"We had with us a school master,
wrote the Red Cross commissioner.
"When the war began he buried all
his little fortune, an accumulation of
the savings of a life-time in the gar
den of his house in Roulers. He re
turned with our driver, wondering
whether he was a poor man in his
old age or whether he had enough to
live on comfortably for the rest ol
his life. He found his house burned,
his garden ploughed with shells and
no trace whatever of his money.
"'I will start again.' said he. It
was a tough thing for him to find that
he had lost everything."
"While some of the inhabitants
have been taken away to work." re
ported Major van Schaick. "they are
in the minority. Many thousands, of
course, have been sent back behind
the German lines. There are thou
sands who remain. They need tte
help of- the American people."
BROTHER OF LOCAL MAN
FIRST ONE DISCHARGED
(By Review Leased Wire)
CAMP LEWIS. Wash.. Nov. 23
Pvt. E. B. Ashurst, Company A. First
infantry, has the honor of being the
approach this Thanksgiving Day safe!Iirst nian from the Thirteenth divi-
ln the knowledge that the creates!
gift of God. liberty and justice still
prevail on earth.
Therefore. I Geo. W. P. Hunt, gov
ernor of the state of Arizona, do pro
claim Thursday, November 2Sth, 1918,
Thanksgiving Day in the state of Ari
zona, and ask that the day be ob
served as a holiday in accordance
with our national traditions.
In witness whereof. I have hereunto
set my hand and caused the great
seal of the state of Arizona to be
affixed. (SEAL)
Done at Phoenix, the capital, this
19th day of November, A. D.. 1918.
(Signed) GEO. W P. HUNT.
Governor of Arizona.
SIDNEY P. OSBORN.
Secretary of State.
sion to be discharged as a direct re
sult of the ending of hostilities in
France. He is former superintendent
of the livestock industry on the
Klamath Indian reservation in Ore
gon. Ashurst is a brother of Senator
Ashurst of Arizona, democrat. He
formerly lived in Flagstaff, Ariz.
Private Ashurst' is the brother of
W. R. Ashurst, head of the local
branch of the federal employment
service, whose office recently was
opened In the Allan block.
It is wrong to say that women do
the proposing. A proposal of mar
riage, like a proposal of peace, comet
from the side that is ready to sur
render. St. Louis Star.
longed Hunt to submit the decision nations of the world.
STATE WILL NOW
. BE REDISTRICTED
Through the passage by majority
vote in the election of a legislative
rcdistrictiug Amendment (No. 102), to
the state constitution, it is believed
thcrj has been attained a much nearer
approach to equality of county and
community representation than ever
before known in Arizona. The amend
ment leaves to the counties the same
senatorial representation as at pres
ent, to be elected "at largo," as at
present, and provides also "that no
county s-lia 1 1 have a smaller number
of representatives than that to which
it is now entitled." Two senators
rach will be' elected by Cochise, Gila,
.Maricopa and Yavapai counties, all
other counties having only one each.
Hereafter each county will have in
the Mate house of representatives a
member lor each 1300 voles, or major
i raction thereof, cast in such county
for the oftice ot governor at the last
preceding geneial election. Division
ot each county into representative
districts shall lio done by the board
of supervisors, each district to bo
balanced in population with its neigh
bors as closely as possible.
It now uppcars evident that tho
strength of :;." in the coming bouse
will he increased to 4o in its succes
sors. Maricopa county will gain three
liiemheis At present it has six, con
trasted with seven from this county
I which has Ditto fewer registered
I voters.
! It appears probable that Y'avapai
iu iriiidiu n nil imi meiuiH'is, t una
with three and Gila with three. Pinal
I and Coconino are due to raise to two i
each. Graham, Greenlee, Pinal and '
I Yuma remain at two each and Apache,
J Mohave, Navajo and Santa Cruz at
one each. I
TRAINED NURSE
GUARDS JEROME
PHOENIX. Ariz.. Nov. 23. A train-,
ed nurse, armed with a thermometer,
is now affording protection to the .
town of Jerome. As guardian and pro
tector she is worth more more than a
policeman while the influenza is run
niiu w ild.
She stays at Jerome J unci ion and
takes temperature of all persons who
are ;ii their way to Jerome. If they
show too hi.h a temperatuie, they,
are turned back.
The city health olficer. Dr. H. K. i
lieauchump, is of the opinion that not -only
is the ."flu" epidemic on the
wane, but there need be little tear of
it on tho part of the general public.
Willi regard to a report that oi:! cases ,
materialized in a single day, he states
that this was misleading, as cm brac
ing leports from several physicians
who had not reported for a week be-'
fore. Hereafter every physician shall:
report every 21 hours and must
placaid thu residence of each patient. I
THANKSGIVING
SPECIALS
TURKEYS
DUCKS
GEESE
SUCKLING PIGS
j Absolutely home raised
and home dressed.
PLACE YOUR
ORDER EARLY
j Positively the LOWEST
PRICES in the Warren
district.
Phone 141
MINERS MEAT MARKET FIVE
?
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 24, 1918.
J r
SHO
F EARLY to Avoid CoiniEesitioe
A FEW SUGGESTIONS FOR THANKSGIVING
Glace
Fruits
Vegetables
JEVNE'S FANCY GLACE
FRUITS IN 1 AND 3 LB. BOXES
FANCY CALIFORNIA SWEET POTATOES
HOT HOUSE CUCUMBERS ARTICHOKES
CAULIFLOWER OKRA
LETTUCE FANCY GOLDEN HEART CELERY
SUMMER SQUASH HUBBARD SQUASH
CABBAGE YELLOW PUMPKIN
CITRON, LEMON AND ORANGE PEEL
Figj
GREEN LIMA BEANS
GREEN CHILI
EGG PLANT
WATER CRESS BEETS
SPINACH TURNIPS
RADISHES
BELL PEPPERS
GREEN BEANS
CHICORY
FANCY PRESSED AND WASHED FIGS IN
BULK OR PACKAGES
TOMATOES
CARROTS
GREEN PEAS
SFROUTS
Plum
Pudding
JEVNE'S PLUM PUDDING
FERNDELL PLUM PUDDING IN
1 AND 2 LB. TINS.
JEVNE'S FRUIT CAKE
JEVNE'S FIG FUDDING
JEVNE'S FIG NUT CAKE
JEVNE'S MINCE PIES and
JEVNE'S BREAD
Cranberries
DEAN JUMBOES
THE FINEST CRANBERRIES
THAT WILL ARRIVE IN THIS
VICINITY LARGE AND
PERFECT
rv
in
I
Phone
3Q
U. S. Food Administration License No. G-16109
Oysters
FRESH LOUISIANA OYSTERS
IN SANITARY SEALED TINS
SMALL CANS CONTAINING 15 OYSTERS
LARGE CANS 30 OYSTERS
TO ARRIVE TUESDAY MORNING
Nuts
IN THE SHELLS:
FANCY BUDDED WALNUTS.
PECANS, PEANUTS, BRAZILS,
FILBERTS, HICKORY, BLACK
WALNUTS, ALMONDS,
EASTERN CHESTNUTS.
SHELLED:
ALMONDS, PECANS and
WALNUTS, SALTED
ALMONDS
Jones Sausage
(DAIRY FARM)
EITHER LINK OR THE MEAT. TRY A POUND
OF THIS DELICIOUS SAUSAGE; RECEIVED FRESH TUESDAY MORNING
Fruits
Mince Meat
JEVNE'S MINCE MEAT IN PACKAGES.
NONE SUCH MINCE MEAT IN PKGS.
FERNDELL MINCE MEAT IN
CROCKS.
Cider
FANCY SP1TZENBERG APPLES. PHOENIX NAVEL
ORANGES. PHOENIX SEEDLESS GRAPE FRUIT. FANCY
MALAGA, CORNISHON AND RED e.lPRESS GRAPES. PERSIMMONS, POMEGRANATES,
v
PEARS. WE WILL HAVE FRESH STRAWBERRIES ON TUESDAY AND WEDNESDAY AFTERNOON.
HOOD RIVER APPLE CIDER,
BY THE BOTTLE OR GALS.
TRY OUR CIDER FOR
MAKING MINCE
MEAT.
We Will Deliver Anywhere in the District on Tuesday and Wednesday
11 X5h 11 NhiLr - six;
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 24, 1918.
City Briefs
Has anyone visited you? Or
Dave vou entertained? II so, call
The Review after 6 p. m. and tell
the Society Editor, phone 39.
VISITING IN DOUGLAS.
Koy Taylor and wife, of this city,
are spending a few days in Douglas on
a visit to friends.
HAS RETURNED.
Dr. Harriett Johnson has returned
from the east and is at the home of
Jlr3. E. Trenham of Warren.
ILL WITH "FLU."
Dr. Charles Tuell is ill at his home
in Warren suffering from an attack
of influenza.
ILL WITH INFLUENZA.
Mrs. Victoria McAllister is ill at
her home on Laundry hill with an at
tack of influenza.
PROM CANANEA.
. E. E. McKittrick, one of the em
the Democrata Mine
Cananea, is in the city and will re
main over Sunday.
HAVE BABY GIRL.
. The home of lotei Downs and wife
Of Art canyon ha been blessed by
the arrival of a baby girl. Motner an
daughter are both doing nicely. .
William Stevenson was in the city
vosiorriav from his ranch near Dixie
canvon. He states that the recent
rains will be of a material benefit
the cattle ranges in that locality.
CRP.M TOMBSTONE.
Harry Eckerman, , the Tombstone
contractor, was in tne city yesieruuy
nn hiiKiness connected with tne coun
tv hiehway commission. He returned
home during the ifte'rnoon.
FOR LOS ANGELES.
R S. HooDer. manager of the furni
ture department of the Phelps-Dodge
store, left Friday night for Los Ange
les where he will remain tor a lew
weeks.
WITH PRISONERS.
ricnntr sheriff Charles Cross was
in the city yesterday on his way to
Tombstone with several prisoners wuo
were held to await the action of the
superior court.
IS RECOVERING.
The many friends of Mrs. Charles
F. Pooley will be pleased to learn that
she is rapidly recovering from an at
tack of influenza that has confined
her to her home for the uast week.
INFLUENZA AT GLOBE.
Word from Globe is to the effect
that the city health officer and city
council there have given notice that
the quarantine will not be raised in
Globe until December 2.
FUNERAL TODAY.
The funeral services over tue re
mains of the late Mrs. J. F. Wright,
will be held this afternoon at 3 o'clock
from the Hennessey Undertaking par
lors. She was the wife of Frank
Wright of the Moose Hotel.
WAS IN CITY.
Miss Elsie Toles, the efficient
county school superintendent, and
who has the hono of being the only
republican elected on the county
ticket in the recent election, was in
the city yesterday on a short visit.
DANCE POSTPONED.
The dance which was to have been
given Wednesday, Thanksgiving eve,
for the benefit of" the Belgian fund
has been postponed for a later date,
when the health condition of the dis
trict is improved.
HAS RETURNED.
H. Crawford, night manager of the
English Kitchen, has returned from
Los Angeles, where he was called on
account of the illness of his children
with influenza. He has resumed his
duties at that place of business.
WAS IN CITY. -
Harry Clark, superintendent of the
C. & A. smelter at Douglas, was in the
city yesterday to attend the meeting
of the Cochise county highway com
mission. Mr. Clark is expecting the
arrival of his son, Jerome Clark, in
Douglas today and who will spend
PAY CASH
APPLES
EXTRA FANCY
SPITZENBERG
In all sizes. A delicious eating apple
BY THE BOX, $3.85
BELLEFLEUR
We still have a few left.
BY THE BOX, $3.30
J. B. ANGIUS
PURE FOOD GROCER
Phone 29
U. S. Food Administration
Thanksgiving with his parents. He
lias been in the I'nited Slates navy
since the war was declared. He was
on a battle cruiser at first and was
transferred to the armed guard detail,
convoying transport ships.
AFTER SECOND PAPERS.
Joseph Eldon. a resident of this
city, was in Tombstone yesterday be
fore Clerk of the Superior Court J. E.
'James making application for his sec
ond papers. He was a native of Great
Britain.
FROM DOUGLAS.
C. O. Ellis and S. P. Applewhite,
prominent citizens of the Smelter
City, were in the Warren distric t yes
terday on a short business trip. They
report that city as being quite lively
at the present time.
GONE TO WASHINGTON.
Cleon T. Kuapp, the attorney, has
gone to Washington, where lie has
been called on important business. He
expects to be gone for sevearl weeks.
His fnmi'y left last evening for Los
Angeles, where they will remain while
!p is in the east.
TO VISIT PARENTS.
Judge M. C. High left yesterday
morning for Omaha. Nebraska, where
he goes to spend Thanksgiving with
his parents. ' He will be gone for a
few weeks. Matters of the justice of
the peace will be handled by Judge
Winters of Lowell.
FROM TOMBSTONE.
A. H. Gardner of Tombstone was in
the city yesterday to attend the meet
ing of the county highway commis
sion. He was accompanied by Mrs.
Gardner, who did considerable shop
ping while he was attending the meet
ing. They returned home during the
afternoon.
ON SHORT VISIT.
William Inehrani was in the citv
yesterday from Tombstone on a short
visit. He was the representative pf
the state republican committee in this
city during the recent election. He
expects to return to Phoenix tomor
row, having completed his work in
this county.
UNDELIVERED MESSAGES.
There are undelivered messages at
the Western Union telegraph office
on Howell avenue for the following
named persons: Tony Foros, A. P.
McCommas, S. O. Stewart, J. H. Rim
er, J..M. Franklin. Mrs. G. P. Moreca.
Dan Lewis, J. A. Holden, Rosa Carilla
and Harry Hon.
EXPRESSES GRATITUDE.
Ceorge Kasun wishes to thank the
many kind friends ana memDers oi
the lodge of which his late wife was
a member for their numerous a.ts of
kindness and sympathy and especially
to those who displayed such loyalty in
carrying the remains from the home
in Lowell to the cemetery.
NO COURT YESTERDAY.
There was no session of the superior
court In Tombstone yesterday on ac
count of the illness of Judge Lock-
wood. He was compelled to take to
his bed on Friday, but it is not
thought that he has influenza as he
had just recently recovered from an
attack. Court Reporter PhillopowskI
has just recovered from an attack and
his wife is now a victim.
TEACHERS FROM BENSON.
Miss Agnes Ambrose and Miss Ruth
Eyrkit, teachers in the Benson High
school, are spending a few weeks in
the Warren district while the school
Is closed on account of the influenza
epidemic and are the guests of Mrs.
Elcina Bailey of Warren. Miss Am
brose is the Spanish teacher in that
institution and Miss Byrkit teaches
the commercial courses.
GET IT READY.
As was announced heretofore, an
other call has been received for warm
clothing for the Belgian and French
men, women and children. Will those
who have clothing to contribute get
it ready, so that after the quarantine
is lifted, a collection may be made?
Further announcement will be made
later. Mrs. E. E. Ellinwood, chair
man. TELEPHONE OFFICIALS.
E. J. Anderson, district manager; E.
M. Hates, traveling superintendent.
and George W. Wattles, traffic chief,
of the Mountain States Telephone &
Telegraph company, were visitors in
Bisbee .esterday on a generai in-
- PAY LESS
License No. G-16109
.speclion (rip, conferring with local,
Manager C I). Cunditf. They went
fron. here to Tombstone amt from '
there wi'l continue to Benson audi
Tucson '
i YOUNG 'MAN DIES.
I Lawrence Crane, aged '10 years.
! son of l'eter Crane, who has a ranch
! near the divide on the road to Tomb
stone, died Friday of Influenza, and
will be buried from the Hennessey
Undertaking parlors on Monday at
l:3i. His older brother, Bert Crane.
j is dangerously ill with the same dis
ease and fears were expressed last
evening that he would not survive
the night.
TWO BROTHERS DIE.
C. E. Tyler was notified by the war
department Friday that his brother,
Robert Tyler, jr., had died from pneu
monia in France. He received word
on the same day that another brother,
L. Tyler, had died from the same
disease at Miami. Both young men
were quite well known here and their
mother, Mrs. Robert Tyler, is a resi
dent of the district.
COT WHAT HE DESERVED.
An individual who thought that he
could abuse even-body in the neigh
borhood of the Winton Stage Lin"
office last night found that he had
taken in too much territory. He be
ban to abuse a one-legged man who
had business In that locality and the
latter stood considerable and then
started in to "clean up" the would
be bad man. In a few moments the
bad one was down and the crippled
man was on top and would have ad
ministered a much more severe belt
ing to his assailent had not others
taken him off. As it was the one
legged man broke his wooden leg and
had to send home for another. The
bad man wound up in jail and will
have time to sober up and settle with
Judge Hogan on Monday morning.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
From all official indications on file
In the office of J. E. James, clerk of
the court, thi3 week ending today,
showed a decided decrease in the
number of marriage licenses issued
from his office. Only eight licenses
were issued this week, which is one
of the smallest numbers issued in
some time. Whether it Is the in
fluenza or the aftermath of the armi
stice, cannot be said, but the fact re
mains that such is the case. Follow
ing are the licenses Issued: Joseph
C. Buttise, Fort Huachura, and Mat-
tie M. McDale, Mobile. Ala.; Walter
Ross and Florence May Kenwood,
Douglas; J. G. Kramer, El Paso, and
Ona E. Plumley of Douglas; Antonio
Flores and Monica Morales, both of
Douglas; William M. Worthington,
Bisbee, and Grace Grider of Douglas;
John Eades and Florence Dutton, both
of Lowell; Pedro Tellez and Bupjinia
Caballero, both of Douglas; John W.
Scott and Jennie Moore, both of Fort
Huachuca.
QUARANTINE ON AGAIN.
Douglas health officers took it upon
themselves to lift the lid in that city
the early part of last -week and now
are forced to again place the quaran
tine in force. The regulations will
be more stringent than before, judg
ing from the following: The closing
of the schools as well as other build
ings where public meetings are held.
All public gatherings. Including street
meetings, are prohibited. Congrega
tions at drinking places, tables and
chairs at fountains, dinner parties in
restaurants, assemblies or crowds in
stores and hotel lobbies are absolu
tely forbidden. The maximum fine
for violating being $3000 or six
months in jail. Regular and special
police will be appointed to carry out
the regulations Among the recom
mendations to prevent the spread of
the disease are, when conversing not
stand less than three feet apart. When
ill stay at home and call a physician.
Keep the room well ventilated. Those
caring fo rtlie sick will also be in
structed to wear a mask.
DIED AT AJO.
Miss Alice Cooper, who for some
time was connected with the C. & A.
hospital in this city, died at Ajo on
Monday from an attack of Influenza.
The Ajo News has the following to
say of her death: "Miss Alice Cooper,
matron at the New Cornelia hospital,
died Monday morning of pneumonia,
following a brief illness. Bravely re
maining at her post of duty, caring
Business Locals
CARD OF THANKS
We wish to thank our friends and
neighbors for their kindness and
beautiful floral offerings during the
illness and death of our dear husband
and father.
MRS. ELIZABETH GEORGE,
16
AND FAMILY.
NOTICE
Place your order for that Thanks
giving dinner now for home dressed
and raised turkeys, ducks and geese
and suckling pigs. Lowest prices in
Warren district.
901 MINERS MEAT MARKET.
THANKSGIVING TURKEYS
Dressed to order, 41 cents per
pound. Birds from 10 to 35 pounds
in weight. Home raised and grain
fattened. Delivered when and where
you want them. When ordering give
city address.
MRS. WALLACE M'KEEIIAN,
938 Box 9. McNeal, Arizona.
ROCKHILL'S STAGE
Bisbee-Tombstone. Leaves Bisbee.
Bisbee Auto company, 7:45 a. m., 1:30
p. m., 7 p. m. Phone Bisbee 5. Adv.
Dr. Playfair, Osteopath, 98 Mason
Hill, Mason car atop. Phone Blue 647.
Adv. 231
L. L. Oilman ell the New Edison,
"The Phonograph With a Soul."
Painter and Paper Hanging
C J. BRANDT
LOCAL POLES ARE
MAKING UP FUND
FOR THEIR NATION
SEVERAL HUNDRED DOLLARS AL
READY RAISED HERE TO AID
NEWLY ' REJUVENATED COUN
TRY IN FINANCING ITSELF AND
CARING FOR DESTITUTE
Funds with which to aid in the j
great work of establishment of the re- j
juvenated Polish government ar'' be-1
ins collected in Bisbee and the War-:
ren district by a committee ot roies.
Already several liu;id."ei dollars h.is
beer, raised and it is hoped that still
further increments to the fund will I
be received in the immediate iuture. I
Every Pole is supposed to give lib-1
erally. while any Americans wl.
bing
to give to the fund will find t'.eir
donations treat ly appreciated. Ti'e
committee in charge is composed of
Albert Corny, Frank J. Andrews an j
Mrs. Burgess. The member of tie
committee are givirg each subsr-ribe
one of the beautifully illustrated eir,--
tifieates authorized by the recent
Polish convention held in Detroit,
Mich. As the central feature of the
picture is a composite illustration of
esus on the cross, illustrating the
martyrdom of the Polish nation for
many generations, while the deatU
scene of Malkwski, a Polish volun
teer from Chicago, whose dying
words, "This for Poland," proved an
inspiration to Poland during the great
war. With each subscription of 12
a stamp is affixed to the ccrtil irate
in spaces left for that purpose. The
stamps also are beautifully engraved,
bearing the portraits of Pulaski and
Kosciusko, two Polish patriots be
loved in America, because of the
notable part they took in our war of
Independence.
RED GROSS NOTICES
OF INTEREST TO ALL
The Red Cross office is in receipt
of the new supply of labels for Christ
mas packages for American soldiers
in Europe. Persons applying tor
these labels are required to declare
that he or she is the nearest living
relative in the United States of the
proposed recipient, and that he or she
has not received a label from abroad
and that should such label be received
it will not be used, and that to best
of his knowledge or belief only one
Christmas parcel will be "sent to the
proposed recipient.
The week of November 25 to 30 has
been set aside for the linen sliower
drive. The Warren District chapter
has been asked to furnish 19S bath
towels, about 19x38 inches; 396 hand
towels, about 18x30 inches; 261 hand
kerchiefs, about lSxlS inches; 20 nap
kins, about 14x14 inches; 119 sheets,
about 64x102 inches.
All articles should, be new or sub
stantially new and should be of strong
rather than fine texture. Sheets to
be of heavy bleached or unbleached
muslin.
All articles, whether new or other;
wise, should be laundered. Donations'
will be received at the Red Cros3
work room. Elks' club.
for influenza patients, she contracted
the disease and the after effects, in
spite of the best of care, proved fatal.
The deceased had been here for about
a year, coming from Bisbee, where
she was a nurse in-the C. & A. hospi
tal for three years. She v. as an
efficient nurse, and popular with all
who knew her. Three sisters were
here Miss Mary Cooper, Miss Sadie
Cooper and Mrs. Frazier. Interment
will be at Springfield, Mo., whence
the body was accompanied by the lat
ter two. There was also left another
sister, Mrs. Earl Clements. Washing
ton, D. C. and a brother. H. N. Coop
er, of Springfield, Mo."
A.
rn
I mis man
who has idl capital is
enabled to keep his sur
plus funds invested at all
i times by using our PAR
TIAL PAYMENT PLAN.
Under this plan ha is
not obliged to wait until
he has a largo amount
saved before purchasing sec
urities, but be can invest as ho
saves, beinft eble to purchase
dividend iwjylrtf stocks yield--
infl 1 O'jk or even more. Instead
of allowinghis nio,iey tolteidle.
Add alink each montb to your
chain of independence.
The Wilson, Lackey Lihrary
includes the following books
for free distribution:
1. Intrttun Pockil Mutual (2T2
2. itrs Oil. a monthly d'.ridrni
pswr llinff st licprrhr.
3. ulp OilStot kcM lnTe.wmt
4. Ihndetui frying Oil Kuyalty
te
rn
I:
I
IM:
III
ft
y
S.
31 urea.
'I tie ft Hdv MarkM RMrw,
L j . 1
Huwlo mOLlwct jvnr ato.-k tnd
y.-ii
in hy mail.
Check tbe booklet you desire
sent free.
Nbme
It
Address
WILSON, LACKEY 1 CO.
Stock and Bond Broken
414 I. V". II 1 I.I.MAN BLDG.
LOS AMiLLES. CALIF.
PEVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
I idle itfjft
WAS KILLED ON THE
I WESTERN FRONT
Advices were received here y ester
I day of me death of Arthur Shnrratt,
; a v. ell kno .mi Bisbee youth, on the
j western liont in France on Octo
ber 23.
Arthur left here with one of the
I first contingent lrom Cochise county
and was sent fo ('amp Fuuston. He
was asskiied to the ::ioili field art II
I levy and went from that camp to
I Fiance with the Mull division. HeJ
was iiilt:;'.'ly raised in the Warre.i
i district 1 1 em bis chililhood to man
hood an:l was anout Zl yejrs of ago.
lie wns eii.ph.y.d at the Brig:; shaft
of th.f C. A: A. at the time he
: ealie.l a. 1. 1 v.as in France about four
months. He leaves a mother and'
j tlire brothers here to mo i in his loss.
! lliu I, !.,. ;'u I nlln.i- Pen iiu.l 11 I
.'. .stiarraii. Arthur had been a resi
dent of the dis.rie; for about 1" years.
The Fympj'hy of the entire com
"".'" " .-"...j. ...
i lueir sorrow, out inev uue me com
j tort of knowing that his life was given
tor me lredi;m ot the world and his
Ltave niurits that of one of the heroe ;.
TWO WOMEN FROM
ARIZONA TO-BE
SENT OVERSEAS
FEDERATION OF CLUBS WILL
SELECT' FORTUNATE ONES BY
MAIL WINNERS TO SAIL FOR
FRANCE ON JANUARY 23
PHOENIX. Nov. 23. Two Arizona
women are to be sent overseas for
service in the V. V. ( A. during the
demobilization peiiod.
Named by the Arizona
Federation
of Women's clubs and approved by
the fcoverniiit'iit a':d the "Y," the rep-
resenia'ives of the state will sail
lrom New York lor France on Janu
ary 23. Club women are speculating I
as to tae choice of the executive I
I board of the federation, which has the
naming of tiia candidates. As their
I names will not he announced until
their acceptance has been received, it
is difficult to -surmise the women
under consideration b the board.
The idea of club women as hostesses
in the "Y" huts abroad was conceived
by the general federation, when it in
augurated a Victory land, which his
prown to $150,0iM. Another $100,000
must be added to the treasury for the
expenses of the two women from each
staie, wiio will represent the clubdom
of. America in France and Belgium.
Select by Mail.
Miss Jane Gregg, member of the
exeeuthe board of the state federa
tion, said yesterday that the Arizona
women wi!l be nominated by corre
spondence. She stated that it would
be impossible to hold a board meet
ing at the present time, and in view
of the fact that the members are
scattered throughout the stale, it was
thought best to carry on the business
of selection by mail. The rigid re
quirements of the government for
women for foreign service, she stated,
has cut down the list of eligibles to a
very considerable extent. After the
selection has been made it must be
passed upon by the government au
thorities, as well as the "Y" officials,
-o that it will be necessary to reach
a decision within a week or two, said
Miss Cregg.
She refused to discuss any possible
candidate, declaring the time had not
arrived for such discussion. That
Arizona will be represented by typi
cal club women, broad-minded, diplo-n-atic
and clever, was conceded, while
it was admitted that keen knowledge
or human nature and a capacity for
sympathy and understanding would
be requirements that .would also gov
ern the selection.
These to Nominate.
The nominating committee, com
prising the executive board of the
state federation, follows: President,
Mrs. H . A. Guild. Phoenix: first vice
president. Sirs. T. II. Cureton. Wil
liams; second vice president, Mrs. F.
B. A. K'mball, Tucson; recording sec
retary, Mrs. James S. Garvin, Sonier
ton; corresponding secretary. Miss
Jane Gregg. Phoenix; treasurer, Mrs.
W. B. Foote, Clifton; auditor, Mrs. II.
O. Hammond, Douglas; general state
lederation secretary, Mrs. J. W. Smith,
Will cox.
President Wilson has assured the
German government that the I'nited
States will assist in feeding the hun
gry people of Germany, they to pre
serve order and arrange Tor proper
distribution of food supplies.
LADY GRATEFUL FOR
HELP RECEIVED
"Foi 15 years I suffered Increasing
ly with stomach and liver trouble.
Bloating with gas distressed me very
miK-h and caused serious heart flut
tering. All medicine only relieved
temporarily. I gave up hope of ever
being cured. My druggist advised me
one day to try Mayr's Wonderful Rem
edy. I am feeling like a new woman
since and can now eat anything with
i no ill results." It is a simple harm
less preparation that removes the ca
tarrhal mucus from the intestinal
j tract and allays the inflammation
! which causes practically all stomach
liver and intestinal ailments, includ
ing appendicitis. One dose will con
vince or money refunded. '
Sold by Bisbee Mrmt company. Lo
well I true company in Lowell, and
STATE HIGHWAY WILL
BE THROWN OPEN ON
THANKSGIVING DAY
:
AND;
NEW BRIDGE IS COMPLETE
ENTIRE ROAD BETWEEN
AND TOMBSTONE IN
CLASS SHAPE; MAKE
CIRCLE THAT DAY
On Thanksgiving day the completed
state highway from Bisbee to Tomb
stone will be throv n open to the irav-
waseling public, according to Division'
Engineer Cy Perkins yesterday.
Mr. Perkins said regarding the open-!
Ing of the new structure: "The com-;
pletion of the Luten Aih bridge over'
Emerald Gulch makes this possible..
No travel will be permitted over the i
bridge until Thanksgiving morning.
I have given orders to put the road i
leading to the bridge, both sides', in '
first-class shape by that time. Yes. ;
the people are getting a tine road ',
: nd a fine bridge."" add:d the gonial !
( y, as he jumped in his car ami : t.irt
d for Tin son.
Ti.e bridge over Em raid Gulcli. to
ti.e ast of Tombstone, is not on'y an
artisticpiece of handiwork, but it is
: most economical and at the same
time powerful, reinforced concrete
structure of great durability and
strength. It is one of Lutens. the
famous bridge architect, commonly
cilled the Luten Arch bridge. It is
.-.ai't' l-:0 feet ever j.ll, and has a
Uoi i loadway ,t 20 feet, with spinUie,
hand rail and curved exteuded spaud-t
rel wings at each end. The founda-!
Hons are anchored in solid rock. '
Tlie material covering the bridge is
the same a3 the adjoining road. !
caliche. The concrete is reinforced
with three-quarter inch steel through
out. The mileage and the running
time will be reduced greatly between
Bisbee and Tombstone through the I
j completion of the bridge, marking the
last link in the highway. It is ex-!
perted that hundreds of cars will
make the trip between the two cities
on Thanksgiving day.
The improvement of -the county
roads in the Hereford district, both
by work and the late rains, will make
the loop a favorite drive on Thanks
giving. Such a trip would take in
Bisbee, Tombstone, Charleston, Buena
school, '"Happy Jacks," Hereford, Don
Luis and Lowell.
TWO PROPOSITIONS
SUFFERED DEFEAT
PHOENIX. Ariz., Nov. 23. Com
plete official returns from the state
election, made yesterday from Mari
copa and Yavapai counties, show that
all ot the propositions submitted to
the people at the late election, ini
tiated and referred measures, were
adopted except two, the workmen's
compensation act and the proposed
statutory amendment to the land laws
tb give effect to two amendments to
the land provisions of the constitution.
Beth UV.cse constitutional amendments
vero defeated. The legislation which
failed r: ; be enacted by the legisla-t"'-:,
and the referendum will prob
ably not be invoked against it.
Maricopa went heavy for all of the
propositions except the workmen's
compensation act juid pulled the re
ferred anti-gaming law out of a deep
hole. It has been defeated in the oth
er counties by nearly SD0, but in this
A SERIES OF
LITTLE TALKS ABOUT
YOUR
CULDN'T there
f lubricating
leaked out of cars NEEDLESSLY could
be collected and used?
J When your Ford is as it should be ycu
won't waste any oil, you won't have any
leaks.
But if from any cause there is an im
perfect gasket you'll not only lose oil
lots of it but your overrunning oil will
collect dust and dirt and you'll get your
self mussed up and greasy every time you
make an adjustment.
t If you're running your Ford with a
leaky gasket it will cost you less to have it
replaced than to pay for the oil you lose.
We have the necessary gasket and the
skilled mechanic.
Hood &
Phone 6S6
count v it received a majority of near
I ly l'.'OO.
L The following is the vote of the
'suite on the various piopositions:
j Workmen's compensation act Yes,
; 12.S71; no, 27.177.
The legislative districting bill Yes,
; 17,'!t;C; no, l'),67ti.
! Constitutional amendment to land
provisions Yes. lfi.173; no, 11.H17.
Second amendment to land provi
sion es, n.s.vt; no, ll.ix.i.
HERE To restore the public contract ays
FIRST ' teni Yes, 13.3!:i; no, 11,601.
! Referred anti earning a' t Yes, 10,
T H E 730; no, lD.otii
j Referred redlight abatement act -
j Yes. 19.1U1; no. S.fHO.
I Restoration of capital punishment
lYes, 20,403; no, 10.602.
i Anti vaccination act Yes, 16,925;
!no. 13.22S.
i Statutory amendment to land code
! Yes, lo,2::."; no. li'.'JTa.
TOO LATE TO CLASSIFY
FOR RENT My steam heated apart
ment, during my absence. Water
paid. Man and wife prt ferred.
Postoffice Box 2219. Bistre Ari
zona.
58
FOR RENT Two furnished house
keeping rooms, lights and water fur
nished. 16.1 Opera Drive Phone
Blue 711. I 37
FOR SALE motel Indian motor
cycle. Inquire 7H P'ewery Gulch.
5
FOR RENT Housekeeping and
batching rooms. 31-C O. K. street.
Call Black 571. 54
FOR RENT Three room bungalow.
furnUh'.'d. First house on riKht past
eird of car line Tombstone canyon.
Owner in small house in rear. Call
9 to 4. , 56
- "
Richard Glaze, Oph. D.N.D.
Practice Limited to Eye and Nerve
Disorders.
Phone 153. Office and residence
first house test of Masonic Temple,
Main Street, Bisoee. Arizona.
Glasses fitted by the litest method.
Chicken Feed
Wood, Coal and Hay
INDEPENDENT
FUEL & FEED COfflP'Y
UPPER MAIN STREET
Phone 235
Mrs. Jones Ishen
WICKREN STUDIO
MAZE BLDG.
VOICE BUILDING. TONE PRO
DUCTION AND THE ART
OF SINGING
From the beginning to the highest
Perfection.
Exponent of Garcia's intalKble
voice method, which e.nbodics
style, diction; in French. Italian
and English languages.
FREE VOICE TRIAL
Wednesday and Saturday
For appointment call green 721
Jal
( - )
be a grand saving
oil if all the oil that
Bledsoe
Bisbee
Bx 150
Phone 456 1
druggists everywhere. mi
MINING
SECTION
Edited by
SOCIETY '$
SECTION
Edited by
LEE BROWN
WILLIAM T. OWEN!
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 24, 1918.
VOL. 21, NO. 141.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
MINES, MINING, LOCAL STOCKS AND COPPER
ram hit
COPPER TRADE
PRODUCERS OPTK
UNDISTURBE
Though Government Has Fixed
Until January, Some rluctation Is expected After inai
Time, Though Huge Domestic Demand and Export Neces
sity May Serve to Steady It for a Long Time; Trade Au
thority Talks of Outlook, Says No One in Position to Make
Accurate Estimate of Demand
BOSTON", Nov. 23. The copper trade Is at a standstill, due to the un
certainty over the next move to be taken as a result of the signing of the
armistice between the allies and Germany. It Is stated that no steps have
been taken thus far looking to a readjustment of market conditions to a
peace basis, and none are expected for a few days, at least until the powers
handling the matter have had time to observe how the situation will ori
out.
Nevertheless, it is true that the best authorities in the trade are not
disturbed about the outlook. As a matter 6f fact all expressions of opinion j
have been optimistic and it Is the general belief that the copper market will i
be on a comparative lirm looting lor some ume. jubl uuw iue rcauns m
the situation created by the armistice is best expressed in the following
statement which was made by one who has always kept in closest touch
with matters.
"There is only one thing that can be considered at present, and that is
the future of the Industry," said this man. "In my opinion the situation
will work out something like this. The copper producers will be relieved
from many of the contracts they now have for war purposes, although some
no doubt, will be continued, and they will be in a position to supply an
outside demand which has been growing for nearly three years.
"No one is in a position to estimate accurately just how large this
demand will be, but those of us who sold the metal before the world war
started, know that there has been little copper going to the consumers who
in peace times took the bulk of the red metal for their finished products.
"Not only has there been no outside copper for consumers in this country,
but this same condition existed all over the world for the past three years
or more, and It is but reasonable to expect tunder the circumstances that
when this demand gets going properly we will have all we can do to meet
the demands npon us."
When asked regarding the outlook for prices, this authority stated that
. although it is true that the 26c quota has been fixed to rule until the end
of the year. It must not be forgotten that a change can be made as soon as
restriction Is lifted. . I
"Probably there will be some shading of the 2Cc price," this authority
continued, "but just at present we cannot see any reason for such action.
The argument has been made that no change can be made until the beginning
of the new year, but this does not hold water with me, because the 26c price
is a maximum, and there Is no restriction on anyone who might want to
dispose of metal below this figure.
"There can be no motive In making any concession at present, regard
less of what the future might bring, and It is probably true that the price
will hold at or very near the 26c level for some time.
"With the first rush to buy satisfied, however, the readjustment might
carry prices down a.bit, but the operating costs of all the properties to this
country are so high at present that many companies will not be Inclined
to do business at any material concession.
"Governed entirely by the supply and demand, as we expect it to be.
the market for copper would give a good account of Itself for some time,
with temporary fluctations from time to time probable. However, exports of
copper will be large in a short time, and the buying for consumption in this
country may be expected to take care of what is left.
"And in conclusion It must be remembered that we still have war
contracts, and will continue to have them for some time, even If the armis
tice has been signed, bo there is no reason to look at the future except In an
optimistic way."
IRON BLOSSOM NOW
AFTER ORE ON ITS
2200 FOOT LEVEL
GLOBE PROPERTY NOW CROSS
CUTTING TO EAST ON THAT
LEVEL WITH ANTICIPATION OF
ENCOUNTERING DEPOSITS OF
COPPER FOUND HIGHER UP
GLOBE, Nov. 23. Manager Frank
Birch, of the Knight properties, looks
upon the east crosscut on the 2200
level of the Iron Blossom mine as
one of the most important pieces of
work which has been taken up there
In a long time. He hopes to encoun
ter the deposit of copper ore which
shows so strong on the 1100 level.
Between the 1100 level and the 2200
In that part of the Iron Blossom there
is an extensive layer of sllicious lime
and Mr. Birch feels sure that the!
work he is doing on the 2200 level will
bring the deeper workings of the mine
into the productive stage. Of course,
this drift has some distance to go
before any important change can be
expected.
Only recently arrangements were
made for following the ore below the
1100 level. A donkey engine was In
stalled there and a winze Is now be
ing sunk in the deposit. The ore is
of excellent grade and much of it
that is now being mined carries from
17 to 18 per cent copper. It is a
most promising showing, and in view
of the fact that it is located some
distance from the shaft, the winze
seems to be the logical way to de
velop the ore, while the drift is be
ing sent into the same territory from
the mine's deepest level.
HELD IIP RUT
TIC Ai
II I!
Y EVENT!
26 Cents as Price of Metal j
CHRISTMAS MINE IS
PRIZE IN CASE NOW
BEFORE U. S. COURT
JUDGE SAWTELLE HAS TAKEN
APPLICATION OF UNION & NEW
HAVEN TRUST CO. AGAINST
GILA COPPER SULPHITE CO. UN
DER ADVISEMENT
TUCSON. Ariz., Nov. 23. The ap
plication of the Union & New Haven
Trust company in its suit against the
Gila Copper Sulphide company, whose
properties are at Christmas, Ariz., now
operated by receivers, asking to be
put in possession 'of the property, was
taken under advisement by Judge
William H. Sawtelle ot the United
States district court yesterday after
noon at 4:30 o'clock.
The case had been argued all day
Monday and yesterday. Joseph E.
Kibbey of Phoenix. Bennett & Ben
nett of Phoenix and John M. Ross of
Bishee represent the plaintiff. Rich
ard E. Sloan of Phoenix represents
the receivers, and Charles B. Ward
of Phoenix. William D. Turner of
New York represent the defend
ant company. John Gust of Phoe
nix appeared for the LondonArl
zona Casualty company, a claimant
against the Gila Copper Sulphide com
pany. In the sum of 110,000, upon
whose petition receivers were ap
pointed for the company.
The Union New Haven Trust com
pany is trustee tor mortgage bond
holders and claims right to possession
by reason of the failure Of the com
pany to take up bonds of one million
dollars due April 1, 1918. The receiv
ers are operating at a profit.
BILL AND HIS BOYS ARE ON THEIR UPPERS LOOKING FOR JOBS; "
DONT WANT TO WORK, DON'T KNOW HOW; IT'S A TOUGH LIFE
f - -
.IF. ,x rL I ? i
I if W- v -
'jmf ! ;Mj 'kit
3
be BhenzoUern family in its palmy days. Back row, left to right. Prince Joachim, Duchess of Brunswick
and Duke of Brunswick. Second row: Prince Oscar, Princess Augustus, Crown Prince Wilhelm and Prince
Eitel Frederick Front row: Princess Eitel Frederich, the Crown Princess, Prince Adalbert and Prince
L August Wilhelm.
The downfall of the Hohenzol
lern dynasty in Germany throws
ex-Kaiser. Wilhelm and his bevy
of pretty, thin-brained sons out of
mean pf livelihood. If the peace
DAVIS-DALY MAKES
RICH STRIKE ON
2300 FOOT LEVEL
GLANCE AND BORNITE DISCOV
ERY MARKS PROPERTY AS ONE
OF THE RICHEST
BUTTE DISTRICT;
CHANGED GROUND
IN ENTIRE
NOW IN
BUTTE, Mont., Nov. 23. Glance
and bornlte are being found in such
abundance on the 2300 foot level of
the Colorado mine of the Davis-Daly
company, as to 6tarap that level one
of the richest in the Butte district
Crosscut on the 2100 foot level Is in
"changed" ground and it is believed
the Hesperus fissure will be cut
within a short time.
There is no intervening level be
tween the 2300 and the 2100 and the
showing on the former is such that
there is believed to be little doubt but
that the latter level will show a con
tinuation of the ore upward.
With the ore shoot established on
the 2100 the opening of the 1900 foot
level will be continued. This level
has been opened to what is believed
to be the Hesperus fissure at a point
considerably to the southeast ot the
ore zone as indicated by the lower
levels.
About a foot of ore shows in the
vein cut on the 1900, but for some
reason the management never has
drifted upon this showing, although it
has been in evidence for the past
three years. '
The 1400 foot level of the Colorado
mine will be reopened, it is reported
by miners. This level was closed by
Manager W. L. Creden about two
months ago.
i CASE POSTPONED
JEROME, Ariz., Nov. 23. Notifica
tion has been received by the U. V.
Extension company that its reparation
case against the S. F., P. & P. and
other railroads, which was to have
been heard before the corporation
commission November 27, has been
indefinitely postponed because of the
influenza epidemic. It is now be
lieved that the hearing will not be
held till after the first of next year.
An amount slightly in excess of
$250,000, which the Extension com
pany claims it was overcharged on
ore shipments, is involved.
GOVERNMENT COPPER
ORDER STANDS ' expected to more than offset this.
NEW YORK. Nov. 23. One of the Confidence which directors of Cal
largest contracts by this government t met & Arizona placed in this prop
to the copper producers of this coun- rrty by buying a very hravy Interest
try, was given Just prior to the sign-, Is now bearing fruit. The present
ing of the armistice for the French rate of twenty-five rents does not by
government on which deliveries were 1 any means measure no to the pos
to be made up to the early part of ' sibllitles which New Cornelia offers.
January, end it is now learned in re-1 It would not be surprising if this rate
liable quarters that word has been re-1 was Increased in the very near future
reived from authoritative sources that 1 as indicated by the large production
this contract is to be completed. ' ' being niad'j.
delegates and the present leaders
in Germany do their work well
they probably will confiscate the
riches the family has hoarded up.
So the cheese war lord and his
boys will be up against it It'll be
II
DIVIDEND VERY
li
Marks Entry of Property Into
Class of Profit Paying Prop
erties; Supports C & A.
Company Wisdom'
BOSTON. Nov. 21. Declaration of
an Initial dividend of twenty-five cents
a share by the directors of the New
Cornelia Copper' company, adds to the
ranks of dividend payers another cop
per concern which holds out splendid
prospects as regards' the future. This
announcement, however, comes as nc
distinct surprise to those familiar
with the conditions at the property
this action being reflected in It he
steady appreciation of the capital
stock.
The New Cornelia has made rapid
strides as regards output, the first
month showing more thRn 1,300.000
pounds, as compared with the high
est production of 4.660.000 pounds,
the company now running- close to
4.000.000 per month. In, the seven
months of last year, from June to
December inclusive,. New Cornelia
produced 19.125,164 pounds of copper,
as compared with 36,234.000 pounds
in the nine months of the current
year. If the remaining months of the
year maintain the same average. New
Cornelia will show a total of approxi
mately 49,000.000 pounds. . This total
If realized would be fully in keeping
with the the estimates which officials
of the company predicted earlier in
the year.
According to the directors, it will
take very close to 50 years to exhaust
the great mountain of carbonate cop
per now being mined. At the pres
ent time it Is believed that there are
available 70,000.000 tons of carbonate
leaching ores, whlcli are being mined
at the rate of 5.000.000 tons a day
in addition to 150 to 200 tons of high
grade ores. Last year it was esti
mated that the cost per pound was
8 cents. Despite the higher oper
ating cost this year, due to wages and
materials, it Is believed that New Cor
nelia will not run much above this
amount, the Increased output being
NEW
CORNELIA
fORTANT ONE
a tough life for tbsm. The kaiser's
short arm will handicap him. He
can paint a little, but not much.
The boys aren't exactly accom
plished in any honest traue. Any
body short of labor t
ANOTHER MONTH NOW
EXPECTED TO DECIDE
VERDE SQUAW'S FATE
SHIPPING ORE IS EXPECTATION
OF THE OFFICERS OF THE COM
PANY UNLESS UNEXPECTED
AND IMPROBABLE DIFFICUL
TIES INTERVENE
JEROME, Nov. 23. Shipping ore
within 30 days is the present expec
tation of the officers of the Verde
Squaw company. Mining men who
have seen the property recently, say
that only unexpected and improbable
difficulties can delay the big strike
that long. The miners and other em
ployes are so enthusiastic over the
immediate prospects that practically
all of them are taking at least half
their wages in stock.
Crosscutting from the shaft toward
the great Boulder ledge, which is CO
feet wide oif the surface and averages
4 per cent copper at a depth of 50
feet, will be under way tomorrow. At
175 feet the shaft, has passed entirely
through the surface water so It was
decided to stop there and cut a pump
ing station. In the meantime a cross
cut will be thrown out toward the
ledge. Provided the ledge holds the
dip it shows on the surface, it will
be cut within 100 feet of the shaft.
As the shaft Is 'down the hill from
the ledge, the ledge will be intersect
ed at a depth of more than 200 feet.
The intersection will be made direct
ly beneath an outcrop of copper ore,
much of which carries paying values
right on the surface.
The ldge is quartz and schist,
which, are ideal ore-bearing materials,
so if the values which occur on the
surface and down to at least 60 feet
do not extend down to the 200 the
Verde Squaw will be one of the most
amazing geological freaks ever dis
covered. Mining men say that it is
unthinkable that the values do not
go down and increase with depth.
Most of the material cut, in sink
ing the shaft, carries mineralization
in the form of chalcopyrite and born
lte disseminated through the mass. In
the last 15 or 20 feet great quantities
of Iron oxide have been appearing.
This is regarded as an indication that
the ledge is near and. indeed, it may
be much nearer than 100 feet.
It is always possible, of course, that
accidents will delay operations at a
mine, but it appears to be a safe
prediction that the tale will be told
at the Verde Squaw before the first
of next year.
DAVIS-DALY
Directors of the Davis-Daly Copper
company have declared a dividend ot
25 cents per share, payable December
30 to stock of record December 10.
This compares with 50 cents, the ini
tial dividend declared by the company
in June of this year.
MOHAWK MINES NOW
5P1PPIUR flRF A!
PRELIMINARY STEP
i
TOMBSTONE MAN EXPECTS SOON
TO INSTALL MACHINERY AtiD
TO WORK ON LARGE SCALE TO
i
DEVELOP APPARENTLY LARGE
ORE BODIES
TOMKSTONi:, Nv. 23. James
Barreaa. the well known pioneer of
Tombstone, principal owne rof the Mo
hawk mines, located in the Dragoon
mountains, near the famous Cqchise
Stronphcld, st.-.rted work last week
on the mine with a small force and
work of taking out ore for shipment
is well under way. Several samples
of the ore brought in from the mine
the latter part of the week, show high
values in gold and silver, and there
are thousands of tons in sight, which
will be 'shipped. The company was
recently incorporated, following sev
eral years' litigation and Mr. Barrett
and it is associates intend to prosecute
development work as quickly as pos
sible fo that the mine will be placed
on the producing basis. Several ship
ments are to be made at once, (ol
lowing which, machinery is to be erec
ted and a larger force put to work.
RICH GOLD STRIKE
AT DOS CABEZAS
MAY PROVE BONANZA
WELTY STRIKES FIVE FOOT
LEDGE CARRYJNG BETTER
THAN $150 TO THE TON; AD
JOINS PROPERTY ' OF GOLD
RIDGE MINING COMPANY
. TUCSON. Nov. 23. One of the most
Important gold strikes ever made In
the history of the Dos Cabezas rti
trict. is reported by A. J. Welty of
this city, who has leased 10 claims in
the vicinity of the property of the
Gold Ridge Mining company, a -com
pany In which there are a number of
local stockholders.
Working a small developing force.
Welty struck a five foot ledge of gold
ore ten days ago. which runs better
than $150 to the ton. The ledge wa?
encountered 30 feet ur.der ground and
averages five feet in width for the dis
tance it has been explored. The walls
are indicative of depth.
The ledge was struck at about 100
feet from the property of the Gold
Ridge Mining company and parallels
the ledge that was formerly worked
by the latter company. It probably
runs through the property of the Gold
Ridge and it is likely that the com
pany will work toward it from their
present workings. The Gold Rldge
has been closed down for some time,
but will soon begin operations. The
ledge on whichthe Gold Ridge work
ed was of low grade, but operations
were fairly profitable when the gotd
from float was included.
Approximately $1000 worth of ore
is being put on the dump dally by
Welty and is being mined faster than
it can be hauled to the mill by the
limited transportation facilities. Two
six-mule teams are being used in
hauling the ore to the old Golden
Rule mill, four miles from Dragoon.
GERMANS LACKED FOOD
WITH THE BRITISH-AMERICAN
ARMIES IN THE FIELD. Oct. 30
(Correspondence Associated Press).
German soldiers on the British sector
of the Western Front evidently were
not as well off in the matter of food
as their brothers who fought on the
French and American sectors. The
correspondent of the Associated Press
found at Valenciennes, for example,
that the soldiers' food consisted large
ly of black bread, pork fat and raw
turnips. ,
In the St. Mihiel section, on the
other hand, the Germans had biscuit
made of white flour, compressed beef
butter and cheese. A part of these
nations had come from Russia, hav
ing been sent originally to that coun
try for the Russian army by the
United States. In the French sector
from Rheims to Verdun, the food gen
erally of the German forces was of
better grade and greater In quantitv
than of the men fighting In the north.
VISCOUNT OURA DIES
KAMAKl'RA. Japan. Oct. 30 (Corre
spondence of the Associated Press).
Viscount Oura. minister of home af
fairs in the last Okima cabinet, diedj
suddenly yesterday at his villa here,
from congestion of the brain. He was
69 years old.
The battle ot Arme.eeddon has been
fought and the world has peace. The
dragon and his seven stalwart sons
have been cast out just as satan and
his following were cast out. and the
casting out is not jet over.
OD
HAT
CLAIMS
TANGLE IIP
NEW JJTIGATIGN
Daily Arizona Company Now
Is Sued by Armour Men for
i Return of Alleged Loan of
I $2C,000.
i TUCSON. Ariz., Nov. 2-1. The sec-
ond group of investors in the opera
tions of he Daily Arizona Consolidat
ed ("opper'company. Joseph A. Chap-
I man of Columbia. Tenn.. and C. F.
j Hagedorn of Chicago, brought suit in
i the superior court Saturday to et
their money back. They advanced
$20,000 last August for the purchase
of additional claims. Both are of;i
, cials of Armour & Co. t
I The suit is directed against the
I Daily Arizona Consolidated - Coppr
j company. Southern Arizona Bank tc
j Trust company. J. G. Hancock. W. H.
j Daily and Emerson O. Stratton. Judg
i meat is asked for the $20.0i aJ
! vanced.
j The allegations of the complain re
I veal the t!an of the Hancock interests
I in the miniig company to finance a
concentrating mill for it. of which
something has been known on the
street. It will be called that when
the Hancocks and Mr. Logan of Loxan
& Bryan, the stock brokers, acquired
control of the property from the
! Daily brothers, they undertook its de
velopment.
They made creditable progress. Ma
chinery was installed at the Copper
Princess tunnel and extensive devel
opment work done. It Is learned from
the Chapman Hagerdorn complaint
that J. G. Hancock of Chicago inter
ested the plaintiffs and that subse
quent to the loan of $20,000 they co;i
temp'ated advancement of approxi
mately $130,000 additional for the In
stallation of a concentrating mill and
for the purpose of Investigation of
transportation facilities. ( road condi
tions and site for mill.
Charge Misrepresentation.
Chapman came to Arizona with G.
S. Hancock, treasurer and general
manager of the mining company, tij
look over the property. After he had
been sent out to the Old Hat district
he chanced his mind about Investment
in the mill. It Is alleged in the com
plaint that J. G. Hancock had misrep
resented the tonnage of ore blocked
out and the averace grade.
Development work on the property
has been at a standstill for many
months now. The point has arrived
when the Hancock-Logan interets
will have to make new arrangements
to carry out their program and It has
been apparent that a re-orxanlzatfOn
of the company and possible resump
tion of the control by the Daily Inter
ests was probable, if not. indeed. Im
minent J. G. Hancock was a recent
visitor to Tucson and Will H. Daily
is now devoting the major portion of
his attention to the company's affairs.
Dr. W. H. Martin, president of the
company, arrived pn Thursday from
bis home at Kokomo. Ind.. and wa
in conference with the Dally and G.
S. Hancock.
Use of $20,000.
The use made of the $20,000 se
cured from the Armour officials was
an important link in the ambitious
project conceived by the Dally Ari
zona directors. It was designed to
pay for three claims lying between
and separating the two malor groups
Qf claims owned by the Daily Ari
zona on Marble peak in the Old Hat
district. These are the Peacock. Cop
per Matte and Chalcopyrite. owned
bv Emerson O. Stratton. The posses
sion of the intervening claims was
necessary to economical development
of the upper group, which could D
most advantageously done by tunnel
from the lower group.
On August 28 he gave an op'ion on
these claims to J. G. Hancock and W.
H. Daily, acting as agents for the
Daily Arizona. Under the agreement
he was to place deeds to the claims
in escrow in the Southern Arizona
Bank & Trust companv agalnsr" the
$20,000 also held by the bank until
litigation involving the claims in the
deal had been settled.
Claims in Litigation.
This litigation was the receivership ,
suit instituted by. the opponents of
C. N. Wilson who were stockholders
in the Stratton Copper company,
which had bonded a group of Emer
son"a claims on the other side of
Marble peak. The Stratton company
also had acquired rights to the three
claims under discussion. The Wilson
case Is styled Cnwge P. Myers, re
ceiver of the Stratton Copper com
panv vs. Emerson O. Stratton et al.
The deal was to be completed If
Stratton succeeded in freeing the
claims from the Incumbrance of the
previous agreement with the Stratton
company. In such event Hancock
and Daily would exercise their option
and the bank would pay over the
iCoatlnued on Page Twoi TWO
THE B1SBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 24, 1918.
ij Mining and Financial News
BY REVIEW LEASED WIRE
NEW YORK. Nov. 23. Traders
drew unfavorable inferences from
various outside developments, includ
ing the resignation of Secretary Mc
Adoo, and continued to sell stocks
during today's short but animated
session.
The issues most affected had no di
rect bearing upon national or inter
national events, metals, 'motors and
equipments displaying greatest weak
ness. Liquidation of coppers proceeded
from signs of further unsettlenient
in the trade and the free offerings of
tile motor group gave further point
to conditions in that industry.
United States Steel was the only
leader to maintain a semblance of
steadiness, closing at a very slight
gain after having yielded a small
fraction. Bond's were active, with an
easier trend. For the first time since
their listing on the stock exchange
the latest Liberty 4Us fell under the
"pegged" price of $98.00. numerous
sales being recorded down to $97."S.
Total sales of bonds, par value, ag
gregated $7,575,000.
The bank statement more than ful
filled popular expectations, actual
loans contracting alomst $110,000,000
and excess reserves gaining slightly1
over $68,000,000, restoring total ex
cess reserves to $97,000,000, their
highest level since the latter part of
September. Reserves of members in
the local federal reserve bank in
creased by more than . $69,000,000
against last week's decrease of almost
$34,000,000.
being largely derived from ihe more'
favorable aspects of the Mexican sit-,
uation.
Low priced motors and coppers i
weakened as a result of recognized I
conditions in those trades and the
progress of prohibition legislation in
congress was marked by a I eneral ,
reaction in distilling and kindred
stocks.
The government's control of the
cables surlailed dealings in ioreign
exchange to nominal proportions,
rates on London easing slightly, while
remittances to neutral points were
variably higher.
CLEARING HOUSE REPORT.
NEW YORK, Nov. 23. The actual
condition of clearing house banks and
trust companies for the week shows
that they bold $97,063,980 reserve in;
excess of legal requirements. This
is an increase of $68,251,250 from last
week.
WEEKLY REVIEW.
NEW YORK, Nov. 23. Apart from
the money market, which yielded none
of its stringent conditions and the
occasional interest manifested in
Washington's program of reduced tax
ation, all considerations and develop
ments of the week were submerged
in the nation-wide readjustment inci
dental to the virtual termination of
the war. .
This transitory stage has already
begun to exert its potent influence in
many branches of industry and com
merce and its effect upon the finan
cial markets was most obvious in a
further irregular reduction of quoted
values, together with a pronounced
diminutiou of operations.
The cautious attitude of corporate
interests toward peace problems found
expression in several announcements
of reduced or suspended dividends.
Trade authorities dilated upon the
doubtful results of war contract can
cellations, especially in the steel in
dustry, where the labor situation
came in for more serious discussion.
Rails averaged moderate recessions
and shippings lost ground on federal
opposition to the mercantile marine
deal, but oils most often ran counter !
to the general trend, their strength j
GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO. Nov. 23. Freezing
weather that pointed to larger re
ceipts did a good deal today to force
the corn market to a lower level.
Prices closed heavy, 2V4c to 2c with
December at 1.24'i and January 1.26
to 1.261. Oats lost c to lc. In
provisions, the result was an advance
varying from 5c to $1.
Husking of corn appeared likely to
assume much greater proportions ow
ing to the seasonable cold prevailing.
In addition to bringing about an in
crease of husking, the wintry weather
was expected to harden country roads,
and thus further stimulate the rural
crop movement. Absence of fresh de
velopments in regard to enlargement
of food supplies for Europe tended
also to shake the confidence of bulls.
Although reports that the car permit
system had been abandoned were de
nied, selling orders seemed to spring
lrom all directions, whereas buying
power was lacking. About the only
support came from shorts, so that
week-end adjustment of trades failed
to induce any important rally.
- Oats duplicated the action of corn.
Most of the trade was of a local char
acter.
Curtailment of hog receipts put
strength into provisions. Moreover,
shipments of lard and meats for the
week were materially in excess of the
total a year ago.
Aran. Loco
Ami). Smellers
Amn. Sugar
Baldwin
Beth, ii
C. & O
C. K. & I
Canadian Pacllic
Central Leather
Crucible
Distillers
Erie
Goodrich
General Motors
Ind. Alcohol
Marine
Marine pfd
Mexican Petroleum
Midvale
N. Y. C
Northern Pacific .
Reading
Rubber
Rep. Steel
Studebaker
Steel
St. Paul
Sinclair Oil
Southern Pacific
Texas Oil
Union Pacific
l:n. Motors
V. S. M
Westinghouse
BOSTON.
COTTON MARKET.
NEW YORK, Nov. 23. Cotton "
closed steady at a net decline of 17
to 50 points. '
Closing quotations November 23, 1918.
(L. J. Overlock, Broker.)
NEW YORK.
Anaconda 65
Amn. Can i2
Amn. Car 81
Adventure ..
Allouez . .
Alaska
Az. Coml. . . .
Butte
C. & A
C. & H
C. Range
Chino
Chile
E. Butte
Granby ,
G. Can
Goldfield .. .
Hancock . . .
Indiana
Inspiration . .
Kennecott . .
Keweenaw . .
Lake
La Salle
Miami
Mohawk . .
Mayflower . .
Nevada . .
N. Butte
Nip
Old Dom. ...
Osceola
Pond Ck. ...
Quincy
Ray Con
Shattuck
Shannon
Sup. Boston .
St. Marys ...
Utah Copper
Utah Con. ...
CURBS.
A. & A
Ariz. Bing
Big Ledge
Butte & London
Cal. & Jer
Cornelia
Con. Ariz "
63
83 H
110s
76
57
38
62
564
46',i
18
55
124 vg
101 V4
25
107 16
160
43
:77Vi
96
857s
67
76 74
54
100
47
35'4
102
184 'i
130
34
46
42
100
48
4
14
19
68
455
48
38
19H
10
80
48
22
8
80
47
35 V4
100
6
3
25
57
314
IS
13
8
40
59
16
69
21
16
4
3
47
76
9
8
5
1
18
'
17Vs
l7
6Vi!
18
18
1
2'
S's
"'n
15
5()
5
u
7a
31
H
5
2
40
4
Tom Reed 156
Tuolomne 90
U. Eastern 4
Verde Ex 37
Verde Combn ?
Wol. Ariz 1"
West End 1
Wright Martin 4
Con. Copper
Curtiss
Pen n
Dundee
Federal Oil
Gadsden
Green Mounter . . .
Crand Island
Globe Dom
Hull
Howe Somd
Hecla
J. Verde
J. Victor
Magma Copper
Magma Chief
Miami Con. ......
Okmulgee . . .'. . .
Pitts. Jer .
Porphyry . .
Ray Here.
OATMAN.
(By Collins 4. Bretherton.)
Argo 03
Adams 03
Arizona Rex
Ariz-Tom R. 02
Big Jim Con .05
Gold Ore 05
Gold Road Bon
Gold Cliff
Lucky Boy 02
Sunnyside 04
Telluride 08
Tom Reed 1.55
United Eastern 4.25
Red Lion
OTHER CURBS.
Gadsden
Green Monster
Butte London
Dundee
Venture Hill
Pitts-Jerome
Jerome Verde
Ark-Arizona
Jerome Portland
Ins-Needles
Hull Copper
Magma Chief
Wolv-Arizona
Verde Combination
Miami Consolidated
Nacozari Consolidated . . .
Con. Cop. Mines
Porphyry
Cal. & Jerome
Feather River
3.00
.37
.15
1.12
.02
.36
.44
.08
.06
.40
.12
1.87
.62
.02
6.25
.50
.50
.05
.15
.06
.08
.06
.02
.15
.03
.11
1.56
4.50
.20
3.12
.44
.18
1.25
.04
.40
.50
.11
.17
.12
.50
.18
.69
.05
.35
6.50
.75
.56
.12
WILL MAINTAIN SUPREMACY
iHv Review Leaseil Wire)
LONDON, Oct. 5 "If. after the war,
British shipowners are not hampered
by government control, I believe we
shall be able to maintain the suprem
acy of the British mercantile marine
in the world." said Baron Inchape,
j president of the Institute of Bankers
in a speech he delivered the other day
before the chamber of shipping of the
' United Kingdom.
ARGENTINE HAVING
HARD TIME GETTING
MINISTER TO BRITAIN
OFFER HAS BEEN MADE TO NO
LESS THAN TWELVE MEN, ALL
OF WHOM HAVE FOUND EX
CUSE FOR REFUSING POST VA
CATED ABOUT TWO YEARS AGO
' of finance, expresses the opinion that
currency contraction would undoubt
, edly lower prices but he fears such a
measure would bring in its wake a
i serious business depression. He point
'ed out that the amount of convertible
notes issued by his Bunk of Japan has
doubled but as money of this nature is
in the pockets of workers it will be
impossible to reduce its amount and
any attempt to" do so would prove a
blow to the business prosperity which
is founded on an expansion of credit.
BUENOS AIRES. Oct. 9 (Corre
spondence of the Associated Press .
Twelve men have declined the offer
to act as Argentine minister to Great
Britain since the post was vacated
two years ago. Friends of the men
who have refused the post have said
that their refusal was due to a re
luctance to assume the diplomatic rep
resentation at London under this
country's present policy of strict neu
trality. The vacancy in this post has been
particularly embarrassing to Presi
dent Irigoyen because of his inabil
ity to find a truly representative citi
zen to accept the mission under Jiis
present international policy.
A recent visit of the British min
ister. Sir Reginald T. Tower, to the
capital of the province of Buenos
Aires at the invitation of the provin
cial governor and the exchange of
speeches that resulted therefrom have
brought to a head again the problem
of this republic's diplomatic repre
sentation In England.
Dr. Jose Crotto. the governor of the
province of Buenos Aires, welcomed
the British minister in a speech that
was perhaps the frankest and mest
cordial avowal of the allied cause that
has been made by an Argentinan since
the war began. He has since receiv
ed thousands of letters and telegrams
congratulating him. many going as far
as to say that his expressions were
what had been Jioped for from the
president, and regretted that the gov
ernor represents only the so-called
Queen province and not the entire na
tion. This incident has caused so much
comment among Argentine political
circles, exclusive of the foreign col.
onies, that friends of President Irigo
yen who are doing everything pos
sible to help him In his administra
tion, are urging upon him the neces
sity of appointing a minister to the
legation in London, in order that Ar
gentina may occupy a more favorable
position in allied diplomatic circles.
OLD HAT CLAIMS
TANGLE UP IN
NEW LITIGATION
iCuntinuwl from Page Onei
JAP CURRENCY INFLATED
(Kv Review Leaned Wire;
TOKIO, Oct. 10. Contraction of the
currency which has been inflated in
Japan owing to the war is recommend
ed in many circles as one means of
lowering prices, the soaring of which
recently led to disturbances.
Baron Takahashi. formerly minister
money to Stratton. The receivership
case is set for trial before a jury in
the superior court next Monday.
Painted Rosy Picture.
It is alleged in the suit brought by
the Armour officials that J. G. Man
cock made repeated visits to interest
them in the venture and that they
relied upon his representations and
that they were ignorant of the work
ings of the Daily Arizona mine. It is
alleged that Hancock told them that
140,000 tons of high grade ore had
been blocked out. averaging from 6
to 7 per cent and much of it running
from 20 to 30 per cent and that if this
had been true the mine could have
been operated at a profit and their
loan repaid in a few months.
Chapman Asks Money Back.
It is alleged that J. G. Hancock's
representations were untrue, that only
2000 tons of ore had been blocked out
and that it averaged only 3 per cent
copper. From what is known locally
of the development work, these allega
tions place the blocked out tonnage
at much too low a figure. It has been
stated at 30,000 tons.
It is alleged that Hancock and Daily
in securing the loan acted as agents
for the company. In the complaint it
is stated that when Chapman came to
Tucson he iottud out that the deeds
bad not been placed in escrow but
were later and that he notified Strat
ton of Hancock's alleged false repre
sentations and demanded return by
the bank of the money, which was re
fused. The deeds and the $20,000 are
still in the bank.
Statement by Daily.
Will H. M. Daily stated to the Citi
zen Saturday that the plaintiffs were
amply secured in their loan by the
following agreement. They were
given 40.000 shares of Dai'y Arizona
stock in advance as interest on the
loan, which was made for two years.
If the claims could be purchased,
Chapman and Hagedorn were to re
ceive the deeds as security. If the
purchase could not be made they were
to keep collateral of 60.000 shares
which has been put up and get their
money back as well.
Attorneys for the plaintiffs are
Clarence T. Boyd and Frank E. Cur
ley, the latter of Tucson.
SERBIANS
DISAPPOINTED WITH
LENIENCY OF ALLIES
PEOPLE PILLAGED AND MADE TO
SUFFER BY BULGARIANS
WOULD WREAK VENGEANCE ON
THEIR FOES FOR HARDSHIPS
THRUST UPON THEIR PEOPLE
SALON IK I, Oct. 17 CCorrespond
ence Associated Press). Greeks and
Serbians in eastern Macedonia, who
suffered pillage, persecution, depor
tation and murder at the hands of
Bulgars before the armies of the form
er king. Ferdinand, quit the country
under the terms of an armistice, art
exhibiting dissatisfaction over what
they term the indulgence of tLe en
tente power? toward Bulgaria.
With fully 42,000 of their number
deported, half of whom, it is believed,
died under; the hardships imposed
upon them, the Macedonian natives
are demanding, according to a Reuter
correspondent, who toured the liber
ated territory, that the Bulgarians be
crushed by traditional Balkan meth
ods. During the period of occupation
the Bulgarians proved themselves
"brutes and past masters in acts ot
spoilation and violence," said the cor
respondent, and when appeals for re
lief were made to the German auth
orities no attention was paid to them.
Entering Macedonia as friends, un
der an understanding ,with former
king Constantine of Greece, the Bul
garians established a reign of terror,
which has been characterized as a dis
grave to civilization. They imposed
upon the population a rationing sys
tem which resulted in the starvation
of many, following with assessments
of taxes and seizure of provisions to
an extent that impoverished the coun
try. Then followed wholesale execu
tions and crimes against men. women
and girls of the most revolting charac
ter, the survivors declared. At Seres
only 5,000 persons remain of 25.000
living in the city when the Greeks
turned it over to the Bulgars. Th
population of Demlr Hassir fell from
12.000 to 3200 and in Kavala 8000 to
9000 persons died of starvation alone
in 1917, while in 1916 deaths num
bered 30 a day, largely from malnu
trition. In these and similar cities
the Bulgars not only confiscated the
bulk of foodstuffs, but forced the
ablehodied Inhabitants to work for the
invaders and carried awav vast quan
tities of agricultural implements and
furniture.
Joy in Macedonia over the with
drawal of the Bulgars is exhibited by
inscriptions on many street corners
reading, "Christos Anesti" (Christ is
Risen) while the Hellenic army of
liberation is received everywhere with
enthusiastic acclaim.
POULTRY
We have bought our poultry this year freni
the f.ame people that have made Thanksgiv
ing dinners in Eisbee worth while for the past
.twenty years This poultry is dry picked and
has leen strictly grain fed. In the Bisbee
home our poultry is the chief topic of conver
sation during the third course of all Holiday
dinners.
Grain fed turkeys, lb 41c
Grain fed geese, lb 35c
GGrain fed ducks, lb - 35s
. Grain fed hens, lb 33c
Grain fed springers. 11) 35c
CjFor Thanksgiving trade, we have se
lected from California their fanciest fruits
and vegetables, as listed below. These
vegetables will arrive Monday morning
and we will be able to deliver from thi3
shipment to all routes in time for Thanks
giving. vi. . t
Asparagus, lb 50c
Artichokes, each 15c
I'.ef.ts, bunch : 5c
rsell Peppers, lb 20c
Pea'is (green), lb 2C.z
L':;aiis (wax). 11, '. 20c
Beans (Lima), lb 20c
Eru?sels Sprouts, lb 20c
Cabbr.ge, lb . 5c
Cabbage, red, lb 10c
Carrots (French), lb 5c
Chili (green), Ih :.20c
Celery (northern).
Corn, fancy, doz 50c
Cress, bunch 5c
Curumhcrs, each 10c
Cauliflower, lb. 15c
Kge Pdant. lb 15c
i oi c.ersdish. lb 25c
l.'tt Ke, 2 for 15c
l.cr ;s. 2 for 15c
iviint. bunch 5c
.Mnstar'l Croons, bum h 5c
O'zri. lb 20c
Onii'iis (cieen). hunch 5c
' r 1'1'nt. hunch 10c
Parsley, hunch '
Parsnips, bunch : . 5c
Peas, lb 20c
Pumpkins, lb 5c
H. 'iibarb; lb 10c
Radishes (rdl. h-iucli 5c
Irishes (while), bunch 10c
Fiihweh. lb 10c
Spiash ( Hubbard I. lb 5c
S'iu3h 'summer, i, 10;
'fUl.U'j. I'UIK il . 3"
Tomrs. 1') . 15-
Sweet Potatoes. ;! lbs for ... . 25s
'HEN the achievements of prominent grocery concerns are under discussion, the supremacy of this house, as re
gards food distribution, is at once conceded. We have now prepared everything that is necessary to make this year's
Thanksgiving a feast day not to be forgotten. We have the world's best and we have prices that are most inviting, and
with the choice of Arizona and California products to choose from, we offer the old toast "Peace and Plenty."
S Let us be thankful for this Thanksgiving, the best Thanksgiving since the first y.
For Thanksgiving this year, we
will receive three cars of the famous
Hood River, Oregon, Apples.
These cars contain the finest assortment oi
apples that ever came to this city. Quality of
fruit is perfect and the price is right. Ordei
apples early. They will keep. These ear.
will contain, extra fancy Arkansas Blacks, ex
tra fancy Spitzenberg, extra fancy Newton
Pippins, extra fancy Ortleys.
Buy a box. $3.00 and higher. 10 lb. and U
lbs. for $1.00.
We have a car of very fancy California
Valencia oranges in prices from 40c dozen to
SOc dozen.
Istra wherries, basket 25c
Grape fruit, 3 for 25c
Grapes (Cornichons ). lb 15c
Grapes (Malagas), lb 15c
Giapes (Emperors), lb 15c
Grapes (Tokays), lb 15c
Pears, lb 15c
Persimmous, lb .-. 20c
Pomegranates, lb 10c
Alligator Pears, each 75c
Bananas, lb. 11c
Bananas, red, lb .. 11c
Wiuter Casabas, lb 7c
MeloOs, lb 7c
CANDY
We have a flesh shipment of Haulers Pack
age Candy at 90c the pound and more. T!;e
food administration has limited the purclijse
of candy to not over two pounds at on tir
chasc. SALAD HINTS
Shrimp (eastern) fresh.
I)( en sea Tuna.
Crab meat in wood lined tins.
Canned lobster.
CHEESE
We have our annual display of Monarch Co
lossal cheese in grocery department. This
cheese represents the milk from 9S7 cows for
one day. You remember the flavor.
Full cream, lb. 40c
Leave order early. This cheese will be de
livered to you in time for Thanksgiving din
ner. Oregon, full cream Cheese, lb 40c
Wisconsin, Long Horn, lb 50c
Domestic Swiss lb 60c
Imported'Type Swiss, lb 75c
Parmesan CJieese. lb 60c
Romano Cheese, lb 60c
Llmhurger Cheese, lb 45e
Kdam Cheese, tach $1.75
Pineapple Cheese, each $1.20
Pimento Cheese, lb 60c
Camemb?rt Cheese, can 25c
ICisToTlVESand SAUCES
Lea and Perrin's Souce 35c
A-l Sauce 35c
Tomato Catsup, small . 20c
Tomato Catsup, large 35c
Diablo Salsa 15c
Mint Sauce 30c
Oscar Sauce 30c
Monarch Sour Gherkins.
Monarch Sweet Gherkins.
Monarch Sour Onions.
Monarch Sweet Onions.
.Monarch Sour .Mixed Pickles.
Monprrli Sweet Mixed Pickles.
Quein Olives, hulk anil in glass.
Ilipe Olives, Iiuik and tin.
Deviled OI'ves.
Almond Stuffed Olives.
I'iment') Stuffed Olives.
OYSTERS
Kxtra Faii'-.v Oysters, Qt
Kxtra Sell rt Oysters, ran "0':i
SOc
55c
ENTREES
Pate de Fois Gras, pot - 4 35c
Curled Anchovies, in olive oil 55c
Russian Caviar. V's 40c
Salted Anchovies, lb 25c
I We call your attention to our big
stock of eastern and west coast can
ned fruits and vegetables. jf
TEAATDOFFEE
Your after dinner toffee will taste better il
made from our Manor House or special brand
Mocha and Java.
Our tea speaks for itself in the cup1.
PASTRYG06bs
Fancy Fruit Cakes. 1 pound.
Fancy l.ayer Cakes.
Fancy Angel Cakes.
R. and R. Plum Pudding.
.Monarch Plum Puddings.
R. and R. Plum Pudding Sauce.
Mince meat (Ncne Such) ... 15c
FalcTLHOVV
Three Quarts for 50c
Seven quarts for $1.00
MEATS
We ran say nothing that will add to the
reputation of our meats. We will display anil
sell the market's best in fancy beef (gtain fed l.
Kansas lambs. Kansas pork. Kansas suckling
veal, etc.
our Thanksgiving breakfast will be inrom
plete with out OCR r.VMOl'S VIRGINIA
PI" UK PORK SACSAGK. We recommend t-iiat
vim le,ie yrur order curly for snua;;e and
we will protect your t rlii.
NUTS, WHOLE
Almonds, lb 40c
Filberts. Ib w 40c
Walnuts, fancy. Ib 45c
Walnuts, budded, lb 45c
Brazils, lb 50c
Peanuts, roasted, Ib 40c
tsTsISeijled
Almonds, lb 65s
Brazil. Ib .$1.10.
Filberts lb 60c
Hickory, lb .:. 80c
Peanuts, salted, lb 60c
Pecans, halves, lb 95c
Walnuts, lb 95c
tablIewaterI
White Rock Water, p'nts. 2 for 25c
White Rock Water, quarts , 25e
White Rock Gingerale. pints, t for 35c
White Rork Ginger Ale, pints 20c
Man itoti Water, pints 15c
.Manitou Water, quarts. 3 for 50c
Manitou Ginger Ale, lints 15c
Manitou Ginger Ale, quarts 20c
Clicquot Brand Mineral Waters, 3 fer SOc
Old Orchard Cider, gallons $1.25
Appljti, pintj 306
lirapc Juire, pints.
Grape Juice, quarts.
Grape Juire, 'a gallons.
ij We have a new car of National Biscuit
company's fresh crackers and cakes that
will be ready for delivery first of week.
UNITED STATES FOOD ADMINISTRATION LICENSE NO. G 13942
On account of tho labor shortage this year we
will appreciate your cn-opcration hy placing your
orders early for goods that are not perishable. If
you will kindly do t.iis we v ill have more time t-
.ive in f-rlerting the ; riM"'!)!e on jour order and it
will help both ou and lis.
HCNEY
,v i ,i :i:- Favrv Ktru !e'l llon . pints 7C.C
Arizona Fancy Ktra It d ltney. quarts $1.25
Arizona Fancy K.xtrai ted Money, gals $2-25
California Fancy Water White, comb 35c
lmoil Peel, lb 45c
Orange Peel. U 45c
Citron. Ib 50c
Layer Kiss, Ib .... 25c
CIGARS AND CIGARETTES
Try a good Baltimore or Bellnumt brand i mar
.itier on Than1;-;! '- r.inner or pt ihaps a Pall
Mall or Phillip Moive fiaret'e. or nvy oilur of our
bundled brands equally good.
I
J THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 24, 1918.
THREE
COUNTRY AROUND
' VERDUN PRESENTS
ViEW OF UTTER RUIN
AS ALLIES MOVED FORWARD
THERE WAS MUTE TESTIMONY
EVERYWHERE OF THE INTENS
ITY OF THEIR SHELL FIRE AND
BOMBING
WITH THE! AMERICAN FOKCE3
IX FRANCE, Oct 2, (Correspondence
of the Associate:! Press.) The coun
try over which the Americans feueht
their way northwest from Verdun pre
sents a picture of ruin, 'destruction
and desolation. The villages are un
inhabited and homes seem but
sepulchres. .
Torn hy mines e.uisin.; huge rraters,
cashed by bombardments which msde
hundreds of thousands of shc'Mioles
and strewn v uh broken or abandoned
puns, wagons, heaps of ammunition,
helmets and all the otbr debris oJ
four years of (dfsperrte fighting, the
whole route betrays the awful effect
of w ar.
Everywhere, in every direction and
protecting each slightest anglo and
nook, across the roads until torn away
"by shells or human hr.nds. are count
less strands of barbd wire, most ol
it rusted by the rars crazily topsy
turvy on its supporting stakes that
have fallen to right and left. "If it
takes tour years to win the war," said
ome casual visitors to the front, "it
will take six years to roll up the barb
ed wire that has been used in win
ning it."
Take, for instance, the trip from
ruined, desolate Avoueonrt northward
to Malancourt and Montfaucon. the
scene of some of the bitterest fight
ing of the entire war. Avocourt was
in ruins before ever the American
offensive Ftarted. ,
For a solid mile northward the road
winds across foothills that once were
covered with green trees but now are
shorn and bare. Gigantic mines have !
torn the road in twain and gouged out
boles 50 and more feet deep, a hun
dred or more feet across, to get
around or across which engineers
harp had to exercise their ingenuity
and the surrounding country, stripped
of its wood, has furnished the rock.
Fortunately there is plenty of that.
To either side of the road are the
remains of wlirt were once I'vable,
comfortable dusoufs and buildings.
Mown into thousands of pieces by dis
charge of exDlosives when the enemy
retreated. Farther pfield and as far!
as the eye can "reach across the low j
hills are hundreds and thousands of!
shell holes, their craters overlapping.!
big end little holes from missiles of i
every character, that have torn and ,
scarred the earth almost beyond the i
hope of redemption.
Everywhere is the debris of the
battlefield, grns. helmets, articles of I
clothimr. piles and heaps of ammtini-l
tion, broken-down and splintered wag-1
ons, caissons and tracks. And, if one ,
go over the scene soon enough, bodies !
awaiting burial.
The comparison between Malancourt
and Avocourt is striking because the
former has suffered so much more.
Ruildings no longer have even a semb
lance of their former state. Where in
Avocourt walls at least still stand here
and there, in Malancourt everything
has been razed as though with dyna
mite, and the crumbling remnants are
seized upon to rebuild the shattered
roads and make them passable for the
insatiable armies ahead that .must
hnvu more and even more ammuni
tion, and food and supplies.
Neither Malancourt, nor Montfau
can. ror any one of a score of towns
within the sector where the Amer
icans operated has a single living In
habitant left. In every direction is a
waste of craters and up-torn etrth. It
Is the quintessence of desolation and
nothingness.
The once beautiful wooded slopes
and hills are now torn and gashed.
Great artillery bombardments have
stripped hill sides of all but the
stumps of their trees, which tower pa
thetically against the sky without
branches or foliage, mere crippled
relics of their former selves. Many of
them have been shattered by shells as
by lightning, others cut off as though
by bungling wood choppers unable to
fell a tree cleanly.
The reconstruction of Europe is ad
mittedly going to be 'a long, hard task,
far longer than the war that made it
necessary. In time to come the mea
dows and valleys between Avocourt
and Malancourt will be green again,
and the trees of the Argoune forest
will grow up as they did before 1914.
But as they all look now it seems very
very far in the future before the ruin,
the utter destruction, can be made
good and the former status of this por
tion of France restored.
EQLSKEVIKI TREATED
BRITISH BADLY IN
MOSCOW, THEY SAY
month and has reached Ilapnranda. i
Sweden. . ,
Hi ringer, in Ins report wired from
Ih'.paranda, says ho was arre.-ted
while in the home of the British j
chaplain r.nd several other Englis!i-i
men and women was marched on foot i
two miles through the streets to the"'
Luhyuuka House of Dentention.
"I was separated from my com-,
panions and was led to a room in
which wee some "0 prisoners, most-;
ly civilians, including a fe women,",
writes .Mr. Iieringer. "I spent five:
days and nights in this room in which
there was just sufficient s.iace for
th-j inmates to sleep on Win floor, i
There was no bed of any kind, fori
food we had a piece of Mack bread ;
and a few dips with a wooden spoon;
into a bowl of the thinnest possible,
cabbage soup containing some herring,
heads. Eight of us had to share the
! contents of this one bowl. Many
people who were without provisions'
from outside were literally in a state '
of starvation.
Like the Russian prisoners we were j
treated as helots and were addressed
insultingly in the second person sin-:
gular by low brutes among the red ,
guards.
Late One night when some of the!
oti.er prisoners were singing sudden-i
ly there was a deathlike hush. 1 ,
looked up and saw a red guard offi- j
cer and soldiers standing at the open-j
ing to the ante-room in which the
prison guards were stationed. A list
of 12 names of civilians and soldiers I
was read out. No one doubted what I
this meant. It was the list of those
set down for immediate execution. It '
included two pairs of brothers. All ''
the condemned men rose without de-!
lay and shook hands with their neigh-
bors. Not one showed the slightest i
fear. 1
"The iron folding doors between j
the big room and the ante-room were
then closed. This was done only j
when prisoners were taken away for!
execution. The doors remained closed
for a few minutes and were then re- j
opened and the names of two other
soldiers who had previously been ;
overlooked were called out. These
also rose without a tremor and the
folding doors were shut a second
and last time. The condemned prls-:
oners were either shot in the base-;
ments of the prison w ith their backs '
to the firing party or they were taken
out to the suburbs fti motor lorries
and there told to get out and get
away. Then volleys were poured into
them white they were walking or run
ning cway. The bodies are sometimes
recoverable by relatives on payment
of heavy bribes." i
Later Eeringer was transferred to
Butyrky jail at the other end of the
city which contained some 3000 "pris-.
cnei s. In the cell he occupied there .
was a Russian ex-judge, a few sol-i
diers and some members of the mid- i
die and working classes. The vermin i
was as bad as at Lubyanka and sanl-'
tary conditions worse. There was no
possibility of taking a bath but L'erin- j
gcr was allowed a half hour's exercise ,
daily In the yard.
There be and some of the other;;
received assistance from Maj. Allen
Ward well of the American Ped Cross.
who, he writes, "literally slaved o;
behalf of the prisoners." . '
"The conditious of our internment i
were so vilely sordid that it is no
wonder that tyie minds of some of the i
more refined prisoners became un- ;
hinged," Berhiger wires.
"The Bolshevik leaders show no
mercy. In their newspapers they
hold up Marat as the ideal friend of 1
the people. They urge that his ex
ample should be followed and preach
the extermination of the entire mid
dle class."
RUSSIAN PEASANTS
GLAD TO BE FREE
OF BOLSHEVIK RULE
AFTER LONG REIGN OF TERROR
THEY NOW HAVE PEACE AND
FOOD AS RESULT OF OCCUPA
TION OF COUNTRY BY TROOPS
OF THE ALLIES
HARROWING TALE OF IMPRISON
MENT AND MISTREATMENT
TOLD BY CORRESPONDENT
WHO REGAINS LIBERTY AND
HAS REACHED SWEDEN SAFELY
LONDON, Nov. 16. Sufferings of
some of the British residents of Mos
cow in the Bolshevik prisons in that
city where they were kept for six
weeks after having been arrested by
the red guards upon flimsy pretexts
are vividly portrayed by Guy Berin
jrer. a Router correspondent at Mns
cow, who was set free early this
WITH THE AMERICAN FORCES
IN NORTHERN RUSSIA, Sept. 18,
(Correspondence of the Associated
Press.) Russian peasants in this dis
trict are glad to be freed from Bol
shevik rule. I
"The Bolsheviks promised U3 that !
we would have land and peace and
plenty," one sturdy old man said to i
the Associated Press correspondent,
"but we soon learned what was their j
real theory. It was just this:
"Tonight I go over and steal your
cow and tomorrow night you come
back and cut my threat and steal it
back."
The peasants here are now settling
down to what they hope will be order
and tranquility after a long reign of
Bolshevik terror.
All along the roads here one finds,
in the evenings, peasants walking
back to their houses wih little bags
of food, given them by the allies. Now.
and then, they are given a can of
jam. a luxury even for the rich in
Russia now. j
In one village, which the allies had j
not yet had time to reach with their!
food supplies, the correspondent found
one peasant family eating swan,!
which they described as exceedingly ,
touzh. I
"It was n sacred bird with us be-1
fore." one of the peasants apologized.
"hut we have no meat and the Bol- j
sheviVs killed the fish In our lake
with bombs from their airplanes." j
Thp peasants are working w-HllnpTv:
tinder the kind treatment of British i
and Amerlran Russian-speaking sol-!
diers. They were very glad to build
an aviation field, cutting down many I
acres of thick timber, because they
were told the field would be theirs)
for cultivation after the campaign.
BUY W. S. S. I
We have kicked the kaiser out
You have a right to join the
shout.
BUY W. S. S.
, rj
IJ , V i il Iff rI.
tii'V.f V Council of Defense
' i inui'i open evenings.
UNITED STATES FOOD ADMINISTRATION LICENSE NO. G-13942
e re'jr.est of the
!&' u will nr.r !a
lTi:iin fit. .11 uvoiiintij m.v untni..i- .,v
tra help for Christmas business. Shop
J ei'rly for b'-Ht-r service and choice cf
good.:.
FINISH UP YOUR MAS' BUYING BEFORE DEC 1
:-s ar:Q
r, Q,r,, r"i., ; imnr,rir flour in tr rivllirprl world toilav as ever! But this Christmas ha must carfoim to the rul
regulations of Uncle Sara. We make it easy tor ycu to do your A rr.as snapping early, tor oar Dig new siccks vm wiury your every re
quirement of merchandise and prices.
tjj You can do your part by finishing up your gift buying now. Don't suy "Gh, I can wait a week or so." Of course you can but why
do it? Now's the best time to buy! Come tomorrow and make your gift selections from the broad stocks of practical and useful rcer
chandise and useful merchandise we offer!
A FEW PRACTICAL GIFT SUGGESTIONS
For Women
For Men
For Children
Bath Robes
Mouses
Boudoir Caps
Cap and Scarf Sets
Camisoles
Crochet House Jackets
Furs
Sweaters
Purses
Perfumes
Toilet Water
Ivory Goods
Brooches
Lavalieres
Wrist Watches
Hand Bags
Handkerchiefs
Cloves
Silk Hose
Combination Brush 'Sets
Mesh Bags
Ribbons
Batli Robes
Bags
Glcves
Handkerchiefs
Sox
Hats
Neckwear
Cigarette Cases
Signet Rings
Wrist Watches
Suspend rs
Shirts
Smoking Jackets
S - eaters
Suit Cases
.Muf.lers
Cuff Buttons
Fountain Pens
Scarf Pins
Watch Chains
Baby Histories
Fur Sets
Sweaters
Moccasins
Rompers
Embroidered Jackets
Fancy Coat Hangers
Baby Novelties
of every description
Knitted Caps
Sweater Set
Soft Solo Shors
Booties
Embmidere-l Kimonos
A Thanksgiving Sale of Af
ternoon Dresses 25 OFF
There are 100 dosses in this lot, ranging from $2".00 to S110.00. that will go on
sale tomorrow at 25'! discount. They include satins, georgette, crepe defhiiie,
meteors, combination serges and satins, handsomely embroidered in braids and
beads. AH wool jerseys, embroidered in wool and silk.
We particularly want to emphasize the quality of these garments, the fine
tailoring and general high character and desirability:
.W4 B&85
J27.50, special
$29,50, special
$32.50, special
$33.50, special
$37.5t special
$42.50, special
$45.00, special
$49.50. special
.$20.65
. $22.00
.$24.40
..$25.00
..$28.C,0
..$32.50
.$33.75
..$37.00
$55.00, special .
$57.50, special ...
$61.50, special .
$65.00, special .
$69.50. special ...
$75.00, special .
JS9.50, special .
$110.00, special
$41.00
$43.00
$46.00
$43.75
$52.00
$55.25
$67.50
$82.75
WATCH FOR the Arrival of
x. vs weeK
a AO
j
!
!
Women's
Winter Coats
The new arrivals indicate that the styles
shown here earlier in the season have un
dergone no perceptible change. The sim
plicity and general pair of comfort about
these new coats will sjrely win your ap
proval. Some extra good values are offered
In Cloth Coats
$32.50 to $150.00
Plush and Furette Coats
$30 to $95
Come with the children and see the display of playthings.
. Our display of tcys this year is not less interesting than it has been
before. Here are toys for c'lildrtn of all ages, toys with real edu
caticnal value and others whose sole purpose Is to amuse. The
children will be delighted with Toytown and so wiil you. Come
in and hake hands with eld Santa. i
i
Headquarters on the Second Floorj
Thanksgiving Table Linen Specials
We ai olfering you a distinct advantage in table linens, they are here in a variety of beautiful and
desirable patterns. There are many grades, all good values and reliable:
$1.25 values, special, yd $1.00 $2.50 values, special, yd. $2.00
$1.75 values, special, yd $1.40 $3.50 values, special, yd $2.80
$2.00 values, special, yd $1.60 $5.00 values, special, yd $4.00
Jnen Napkins to matclt every pattern of cloth.
Furs in All Styles
We have plenty of good furs that were selected with the utmost care
and best judgment. They are trustworthy in quality, fashionable in style,
and withall, very moderate in price.
Sweaters
FOR WOMEN, MISSES
AND CHILDREN
Silk Special
Most women would be delighted to receive a dress pattern of silk; enough
material for a dress, or perhaps, only for a waist, which, she could make herself.
Splendid taffeta silks, one yard wide. Conies in all popular light and dark
shades, also in black.
This is extra good value at $2.00 yard, special $1.69
Buy Remnants at a Big Saving
at the Bargain Booth
You will find, among this lot many different kinds qt material, which willo
a big-' saving to you. Each one is a bargain. Make your selection early while the
assortment is intact.
retty
You can find here good sweaters. In ail styles and sires. Knit of fine
woolen yarn, in every wanted color. Cold weather is at hand, you will
Burely want one.
B
The iiretliesl selection tht von would wtah in rpp can hp fnnnri
in our waist department second floor and we would like to have i
you see them, to give them an examination aud then Inform us
if you feel the same way about their prettiness as we do.
They introduce various styles and come in all the desired ma
terial and popular colors.
Blankets
Now is the time to place your at
tention on the purchase of a pair of
genuinely dependable blankets. Our
broad guarantee of satisfaction pro
tects you now, as always. We offer
good blankets at exceptionally low
prices, that you will not likely see
duplicated for some time to come.
Wool Yarns
The boys won't le home this win
ter, better knit them a sweater or a
nice pair of warm box. They will
need them. We have the best all wool
yarns on sale. The famous Bear
Brand, in khaki and gray.
large size hanks, reg. $1.25,
special $1.00
Gloves
Gloves should have an important
place on your Christmas list. They
are useful presents t.'iat are always
welcomed and appreciated. Most folks
know that our gloves are of the finest
grade. Made of selected leathers and
cut so that they are smooth, snug w
fit correctly.
Christmas
Handkerch'fs
Our Handkerchief department is
ready with an enormous line of hand
kerchiefs of all descriptions for wo
men and children. A useful Xmas
gilt.
MILLINERY
Stoves and Heaters
We are m ' offering so remarkably fine values
in Winter Milliiery. The newtdt styles ara
shown, including models that have achieved the
very height of popularity. The variety of fash
ions assure every woman a becoming hat at
Moderate Prices
We are displaying
on our second floor
furniture depart
ment the bi,5!;est
line of stoves and
heaters ever hnib !
into this city. Now
is the opportune
time to make your
selections. You can
find the kind you
want, to suit your
pocketbook. Everv
one is marked very
moderately, owing
to the vastnrss of
our purchase, whicli
ws made month
ago.
pi
i
fc?.?r ait FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 24, 1918.
The Patriotic Kitchen
Mrs. Ada Reasoner, Supervisor of Home Economiaj, Bitebee, Ariz.
Neighbor, neighbor, how art thee?
Very well, I thank thee;
How's thy neighbor next to thee?
Not so well, as I can see.
And what woman does not glory in
being neighborly?
These days of conservation may be
a bit trying with substitutes and doing
without what she has always done
wiih; but the spirit of running in next
door with tt loaf of bread, a pie, a pud-
ding or a bit of dessert is the essen
tial part Of almost every housewife's
life.
And this is what the American
homtmaker must do for the allies
she must run in with her loaf of bread,
her meat and her sugar, etc.
This makes the probienis of the
kitchen a joy instead of a task; and
the food she saves can be shared with
one's allies.
What housewife will refuse to play
the game,
Get busy so that when she asks the
question: "Neighbor, neighbor, how
art thee?" the answer may come back
"Very well, I thank thee."
. SAUERKRAUT
The Friendly Enemy.
Is sauerkraut pro-German?
No, it's the friendly enemy which
means you can make and eat this de
lectable dish without injuring your pa
triotism in any way.
Its origin is Dutch and the ingre
dients are American, so go right
ahead with your sauerkraut.
The cabbage in it is fresh from the
garden you have been cultivating all
summer, and it is exactly the kind of I
food that the food administration asks
us to eat, because it is home grown,
perishable, and not one of the staples
that we have to send abroad. ,
First cut the heads of cabbage into
long fine shreds, and put them into a
big jar in layers, with salt sprinkled
between. Then mash each layer down
with a hard wood weight.
After 20 days the process of curing
will be completed if bubbles have
ceased to rise at the edges of the
jar.
It then is ready to be served either
raw or cooked.
Many families are fond of sauer
kraut, but they object to the odor
WEEKLY NEWS LETTER YOUNG
EIEN'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION
OF WARREN MINING DISTRICT
Mr. Ed. Piggott, miner at the Czar
shaft of the C. & A. Mining company,
is in receipt of an article written by
his brother, Lt. Wm. Piggott. who en
listed in the army ratiroad corps. The
article follows: "I want to tirst try
and impress upon your mind some of
the wonderful work that the Y. M. C.
A. is doing here, as I am somewhat
familiar with conditions in Negaunee,
and realize what little the people in
the U. S. A. have seen of the work
of this splendid organization, and per
haps are not laminar enough with it
to appreciate the greatness of its mis
sion. One of the things that, in my
opinion should tirst De recognized, is
the way the workers go about spread
ing tne American gospel o doing
good for humanity, 'they are teach
ing the young people here the Amer
ican ways ot living and are slowly,
but surely, getting them away from
their toruier barbarous habits and
manners. You, perhaps,' do not know
and would not believe that the two
cheapest things in the Orient are
human life and women's morals. The
change has got to be brought about
among the younger generations. There
is no use trying to do anything with
the old people, as they are far beyond
redemption. This work is not going
to take only a year, but several ot con
stant hard work, and while we may
not live to see the fruits ot their
labors, nevertheless the seeds are
sown, and will bear fruit in time. The
American people are to be praised
WOMEN OF
MIDDLE AGE,
Need Help to Pass the Crisis Safe-;
ly Proof that Lydia E. Pink- j
ham's Vegetable Compound j
Can be Relied Upon. j
Urhanajll. "During Chanpe of Life, ;
in addition to its annoying symptoms, 1 j
had an attack ot j
jjripp which lasted ;
1 all winter and left i
I me in a weakened I
condition. 1 felt at
times that i would
; never be well apain.
I read of Lydia b.
iPinkham'3 Vege
table Compound
and what it did for
' women passing
through the Change
T : r T 1 . 1
A doctor I would try
- V. - VJ it. I soon began to
"",.T,'1 fT and the annoying
r,f h w-itil!'' symptoms dis
appeared and your Vegetable Compound
has made me a well, strong woman so
I do all my own housework. I cannot
recommend Lydia E. Pinkham's Vege
table Compound too highly to women
passing through the Chang? of Lite."
Mrs. FANK HENSoN, 1316 S. Orchu.le
St, Urnana, 111.
Womf n who suffer from nervouwirs,
"heat flashes," backache, beadaches
find "the blu?s" should try this famojs
root and herb rmdY. Lydia E. Fink
ham's Vegetable Compound.
mm
while cooking. "I am going to have
sauerkraut tomorrow for dinner. My
husband is very fond of it and we all
like it, but I hate to smell up the
house while cooking it," is a senti
ment frequently expressed by the
housewife. t
For these people a high grade of
canned sauerkraut obviates this diffi
culty. It is only necessary to place
the can in the oven or in a kettle of
hot water until heated through and
it is ready to serve.
Sauerkraut has a dietetic value all
its own. It gives the requisite meh
to the diet. While furnishing a char
acleustic acid also mineral salts so
much needed in the system. It has the
advantage of being available at all
seasons and in all places and com
pares favorably in mineral content
with the green vegetables which are
not always available.
Sauerkraut, translated into culinary
terms is "acid-cabbage." There has
been some thought of changing the
name "sauerkraut" to "Liberty cab
bage," but whatever the name, the
product is bound to be a favorite.
"FINISH THE JOB RIGHT"
"Finish the Job right!" That was
the reply of the American fighting
men to the Americans back home and
to the whole world in response to Teu
tonic peace efforts. They have tak
en the Bulgarian call for peace as a
signal for the allies to continue to
fight harder than ever.
Lately we have heard much of wuat
the housewife did in the way of mak
ing it possible to feed the allies last
year. Before the war the United
States had almost ceased to be a food
exporting nation. In the past year,
the diligent conservation of food by
the American housewife, however.
made it possible for America to send
more than 11,000,000 tons of food to
Europe.
This is a splendid victory for the
housewife. But it should in no way
serve to relax her efforts in conserv
ing food in the coming year.
During the coming year we must
send 17,500,000 tons of food across the
Atlantic. To do thia calls for con
stant conservation of the staples
wheat, meat, sugar and fats and un
ceasing vigilance to see that no food
whatever is wasted.
for their excellent support of the Y.
M. C. A. The organization will surely
do much towards bringing relief to
the thousands here who need it so
badly. When you get into a country
like this and see the sights that I
have already seen, it takes a harder
sinner than I am, or ever expect to
be, to turn his back to the stricken
people's appeal for assistance. I feel
sure, and so does every good man in
our corps, that if the people of the
United States had any idea of the suf
ferings of these people they would
not hesitate one second in coming for
ward with open arms to do what they
could to send relief. If at any time
you can say or do anything that will
in any way help or benefit the Young
Men's Christian association, do so for
the sake of these suffering people. We
are now on the edge of the great Gobi
desert and all we can see for miles
is sand hills and a few camels. There
is no farming here at all, and the
Mongolians eke Out an existence by
raising cattle. It seems that the cat
tle and sheep in this part of the world
can live on anything or nothing.
There are all kinds of pigs here, but
I have not had a piece of salt pork
or pork chops since I have been in
this section. They do not know what
it is here. Pigs are usually killed
when they are about three weeks old.
They serve them whole. When they
are full grown the meat is served as
bacon and hams. That is the only
way you can get pork out here. I
can not help but think of how a pork
chop would go now. pie is also un
known here, and I have not had a
slice of it for five months. As for
black bread aftd tea, well we live on
that. During the hot weather we had
all kinds of green stuff, but the doc
tors forbid as to eat any of it. On
the 5th day of July, I disobeyed the
doctor's instructions and ate some of
the green stuffs, but I will not any
more. Os a result of my meal, I laid
in the hospital for seven days and
have been under the M. D.'s care evef
since. I am getting around slow but
sure, and will follow instructions dur
ing the remainder of my stay here. No
bedding is furnished on the trains, so
we have to be prepared, or suffer the
consequences. The coaches are some
fine stalls to travel in. They are what
the natives call coupas. The com
partments hold from two to four 'peo
ple. When you get in one of them
you can close the door and put a
chain on it and no one else can enter
unless you want to let them. It makes
no difference whether you are first or
hist The first one in pets the lower
sent rnd the unfortunate have to take
the upper seats; no distinction be
tween ladies and men. We surely
would have an awful time if we ever
undertook to introduce that style of
traveling in the States."
Lieutenant Piggot, in closing in
forms us that the American engineers
have taken up the movement of trying
to give the American people a true
insight into conditions as they really
are in Hanchuria and Siberia, and for
that reason they suggested that the
letter be given publication. '
In spite of the quarantine and rainy
weather, the Warren district went
ovt the top !3 per cent in the recent
united ar work campaign drive,
which was due to the hard and earu-
jest work of the several teams. The
' seven organizations to which the to
tal amount will be distributed are:
The Y. M. C. A., Y. W. C. A.. War
Camp Community service. Salvation
Army, Jewish Welfare association,
Knights of Columbus and the Amer
ican Library association. These sev
en organizations have united in order
to furnish that which the government,
with all its generous appropriations,
cannot provide. The mothers and fath
ers owe a debt of gratitude to these
seven organizations that can never
be paid. They combined, are the cord
that binds the boys more firmly to the
home ties, and we are very glad to see
that the people of the Warren district
have awakened themselves to this
fact, and so liberally contributed to
this, great cause.
The association regrets exceedingly
to report the death on Sunday, No
vember 17, of the wife of W. W. Gid
ley, one of its esteemed members of
the board of directors. The sympathy
of the entire association is extended
to Mr. Gidley and children during the
hour of their bereavement.
We are glad to know that II. E.
Ross, now with the Third company.
East Garrison, Angel Island, Califor
nia, is soon to return to take up his
school work among us. He is just
waiting for his honorable discharge
from the United States army. He
will surely receive a royal welcome
at the "Y" on his return.
Greetings to the boys of Bisbee,
members, non-members. Victory boys
and all other boys. The appearance
of this little sheet, which is an inno
vation in the boys' department, is
something which offers splendid
things for the future of the boys' de
partment. What would the men's de
partment be without boys? What
would a city be without boys? What
would manhood be without boyhood?
An impossible conjecture. The devel
opment of manhood is wholly depend
ent upon the right direction of boy
hood, and if indications count for any
thing, we are sure that the boys who
are now bending their energies to
making the boys' department a suc
cess, feel sure that with the co
operation directed by our boys' secre
tary, Mr. Thompson, much is in store
for us in the way of turning possi
bilities into realities. . Sincerely yours,
E. A. Putnam, general secretary.
Have you noticed the bulletin board
of late? There are a great many in
teresting items posted there. Then
there is the change in the counter,
reading tables and the locker room.
Watch look listen but don't die do
ing so. Keep alive and make it your
"Y," your club, your hangout and the
only place in town to have a good
time.
At last things have been started
moving in the boys' department. The
members of the cabinet have been
working quite hard, during the last
month, in order to get clubs and such
started. We have a number of plans
under way and when the quaran
tine is lifted, Hi-Y, Anti-Cussing, Anti
Yellow Dog, H. S. O. F. and Junior
Hi-Y clubs will be started. This is go
ing to be some job for two or three
fellows and your co-operation will
help a great deal. Please do not be
afraid to make suggestions or tell us
of the things you don't like. The one
thing I do want you to co-operate in,
is the big membership campaign,
which will start about the first of De
cember. Sincerely yours for big
things, Albert Sutcliff, president of
the Boys' cabinet.
Earn and give? Gee that's great
any day I give away what I make.
Bat you say that 1t is to make the
boys that have won the war more
comfortable, yes, if that's the case I
will. Yes, I will earn and give $5 to
the united war work campaign. Yes, I
want to be a Victory boy. I wish I
could make it $10, so as to make them
that much happier. How long have
I to ray it? Y'ou say that I can make
it in three payments. And I have un
til the 1st of March to make them?
Gee! That's great! Make it ten for
me! I wonder how many boys there
are in Bisbee that feel this way about
the united war work campaign. Our
quota is $500, we must go over the
top.- We must outdo the girls. We
must do our best.
KING IN SILESIA
(Ity Review Leased Wire
ZURICH, Switzerland. Nov. 23 The
former king of Saxony with his family
has gone to reside at Chateau Sybille
nort, Silesia, under special protection
of Silesian soldiers.
The former German empress, in or
der to live more simply, has left the
Potsdam palace and gone to the villa
of her son, Eitel Kriedrich.
FOR STUBBORN
COUGHSAND COLDS
Dr. King's Ne Discovery
has a fifty year record,
behind it
It built Its reputation on It9 produc
tion of positive results, on its surenesa
ia relieving ths throat irritation of
colds, coughs, grippe .and . bronchial
attacks.
"Dr. King's New Discovery? Why.
my folks wouldn't use anything elsei
That's the general nation-wide esteem
in which this well-known remedy ia
held. Its action is prompt, its taste
pleasant, its relief gratifying.
. Half a century of cold and cough
rhecking. All drnngists. 60c and $1.20.
Bowete Out of Kilter? '
That's nature calling for relief.
Assist hT in her diily duties with Dr.
King's New Life Pills. Not a purgative
in the ususl dose, but a mild, effective,
correctiv;, laxative th-t teases the
howr!s into action. 25c.
REVIEW WANT ACS
BRING RESULTS
Of Interest
The coats being shown are general
ly of the loose straight cut, half long
in the case of tailored costumes. Im
mense collars are on every sort of
cape and coat, usually of fur but
sometimes of striped bands of the
cloth. In the whole collection a
bright vivid green is the leading
color.
A new embroidery which is
achieved by the use of soft tiny feath
ers mingled with colored silk threads.
It is Fhown in green mousseline de
soie, and on black and white. Then
too, it is extraordinarily Effective on
warm brown satin and brown voile,
done with brown and gray silk, and
feathers of the brightest imaginable
blue. An odd fringe cut a half a yard
deep into the cloth is very new.' The
inch wide slashes are lined with
clot.i and stitched at the sides. Some
of the fringe is cut in meautifully.
flowered embroidered satin in slashes
of the same length and depth and the
edges are preserved by a picot edge.
The labor involved in such lavish
work must be enormous.
A cape lined with black satin made
of black velvet and corded 20 inches
deep with seal fur and a great seal
fur collar may lie flat like a cape or
button high to the ears. This cape
AMERICAN STAFF HAD
WONDERFUL SAFE AND
SOUND PROOF OFFICE
DUGOUT WITH CONCRETE ROOF, !
SO DEEP UNDERGROUND THAT
NOT EVEN THE SOUND OF TER- I
RIFIC BOMBARDMENT OF ST.
MIHIEL ASSAULT ENTERED
WITH THE AMERICAN TliOOPS
IX FRANCE, Oct. 28 (Correspondence,
of the Associated Press.) An amaz
ing underground shelter or dugout
equipped with many luxuries is the
home of the staff of one American
army corps which took a prominent
part in the St. Mihiel fight. It is lit
tle less than an underground city club,
with offices, sleeping quarters, baths,
restaurants, kitchens, electric lights,
telephone and bell boys in the poisons
of orderlies and messengers and
many other appurtenances, of hotel
lift.
Its occupation has permitted the
staff of this corps to operate in close
touch with the fighting troops much
more closely behind the lines than
such a corps ordinarily ventures.
From the outside the place was so
inconspicuous, standing about 200
yards from the road, that 99 out of
100 motorists' would have driven by
without seeing it at all. The one
hundredth would have seen merely a
slight elevation in the muddy plain
with two or three dark holes in the
ground that might have been old shell
craters or anything else.
In reality the mud and grass cover
ing was nothing but a concealment
of a 30 foot "ceiling" 'of reinforced
concrete, the black holes well camou
flaged entrances leading down a
sloping runway to the brilliance of the
electrically lighted interior. So stout
ly was the whole constructed that an
enemy shell of big canber would
scarcely do piore than chip off a piece
of the top, and no aviator's bomb
could ever, even hitting directly, do
much damage.
Inside, parallel with the road and
traversing the length of the dugout,
was a wide corridor the "main
street" of the institution, in which the
commanding general rubbed shoulders
with the orderlies and messengers as
they went from office to office. Off
this main entrance led minor streets
running to the rear and being used,
for economy of space, as sleeping
rooms for the enlisted men at night.
Artificial ventilation provided for the
constant purification of the whole dug
out, and the smell throughout was
clean and sweet.
Off the small streets, and off the
big one too, were the offices, con
structed likewise for economy of
space. Each was about ten feet wide
and quite deep, with a narrow table
running the length of the rooms at
which the officers and their assistants
working, working, all the time, answ
ering the telephone every moment or
so, giving instructions and receiving
reports.
Instead of having the operations
department in one building, the intel
ligence in another, and others scatter
ed in as many more, all were here
together, in offices with walls as near
ly as sound-proof as possible, under
a ceiling just high enough to enable
a tall man to walk or stand without
stooping, so close together thut a
moment could put one in touch with,
the other if necessary yet vastly far
apart as far as any mutual or one
sided disturbance was concerned.
At the end of the big corridor was
the kitchen, compact to the point of
being a kitchenette. When the cooks
finished each meal the side streets
could suddenly be transformed into
little cozy dining rooms, each with
its long wooden table and narrow
wooden benches. In less time than it
takes to toll the general's mess was
ready, the superior officer's mess and
all the others.
No sound could penetrate the great
concrete roof, and the great bom
bardment that opened the St. Mihiel
"show" could not be heard, as an As
sociated Press correspondent who was
there can attest. Yet outside the
building the cannon were going "great
guns" and the wholn nigit was thun
dering with the noise.
i
There is a growing impression that
one Woodmw Wilson spilt a largo -
bucket of beans about :f P m . FrI-j
day. Ortober 27. 191S Wheeling In-i
telliiiencer.
to Women
may be used for a part of a costume
for bolow it shows a few inches of
a black satin dress, and when the
arm is pushed through the slit de
signed for it one sees a straight open
sleeve made of satin banded with
tulle, and finished with a deep fur
cuff.
Rest Robes
The cult of the rest robe is as old
as dress itself. It originated in the
Orient, since it was the sole type of
covering known to eastern people,
though called by different names ac
cording to nationality and geograph
ical setting. Loose, graceful flowing
lines are the distinguishing features
of a negligee. Compounded of semi
diaphanous folds of delicate satin,
and simple laces it remains the very
becoming article it has always been,
even when touched with the modern
ideas. One made of dark toned sattu
gorgeously embroidered in fantastic
designs of maroon silk with gold em
broideries. There are chiffon break
fast coats lined with silk and fre
quently of shaded tones. These are
easily slipped off and on and are
feminine to the last degree. The slip
on models are the newest things in
negligees. They may be made in both
long and short varieties and are made
of crepe de chine. Georgette crepe and
similar materials. Several of them
are sun plaited and show the edges
bound with ribbon. Frequently there
is a ribbon lacing part way down the
front to facilitate the speedy donning
or removing of the little article.
There is something very fetching
about the two toned negligee, orchid
and pink, blue and maize, pink and
blue, black and white, gray and rose
and so on. The usual way is to have
the satin slip, of white or flesh tone
topped by a filmy over-slip of two
colors in Georgette and chiifon. The
slip may be loosely belted, but ordi
narily the over-drapery talis in grace
ful folds from shoulder to ankle.
There is said to be a great liking for
black and white tea gowns.
Tea gowns may be fasliicned in
such a manner that it may be worn
quite properly by the hostess at an in
formal dinner, taking the place in
many instances of the prescribed din
ner gown banished for the period of
the war. The white and black one
has not yet become a real vogue,
but it may be used for mourning.
Gray has received a great deal of pref
erence but usually it is combined
with rose, pink, blue or lilac or at
least shows a touch of marked con
trast in the coloring of the girdle.
Two piece negligees are extremely
attractive. There is a sleeveless de
colete slip of lace and satin over
which is worn a half or three-quarter
coat of chiffon in a tone a "bit deepr
than of the slip, or of a distinctively
contrasting color. And there are any
number of bed jackets to be slipped
on .over a nightgown while one sits
up in bed and sips tea or coffee.
Negligees of dotted Swis3 embroider
ed, muslin and organdies are delight
ful the year round. They are dainty
in themselves, practical in their wear
ing qualities and tub successfully.
Even the ribbons are Iavable, although
experience suggests that it is well to
remove the dainty pink, blue and rose
strips of satin before confining the
garment to the uncertain mercies of
the average laundress.
Caps
Boudoir caps have increased in num
ber and beauty since their revival sev
eral years ago. It is essential that
they should be of exceptionally fine
quality in both their laces and em
broideries, and that in shape they
should be far removed from the com
monplace. The designers have evi
dently studied old portraits for in
spiration and been so modernized that
the modern woman is in no way made
to appear to a disadvantage in their
quaint shapes.
Blessed are the peacemakers, for
they shall be called the children of
God. Christ.
Madam Clark
CLAIRVOYANT
The well-known clairvoyant. Gives
truthful advice on all affairs ot life.
Learn what is before you. Husiness
chances, journeys, speculation, social
and domestic conditions, failures, sue-
cess, ill-health, evil influences, love, j
marriage, divorce, law suits and all j
'human affairs advised upon with un- ;
erring accuracy.
The wise use every means to com-
I pass victory; thousands have been
j helped. If you ure in trouble of any
jkind, uphappy. not satisfied in life,
have domestic, love or business trou
I Ides, you will be told how to over-
come them all.
KhIiuks daily from in a.
in to 8
p.m.
LOWELL HOTEL. ROOM NO. 1
Lowell, Ariz.
t
Bisbee Fuel and
Feed Company
Phone 121
Office Below Copper Queen Hotel
COAL.
WOOD
isbee
d Co
ee
Phone
O.'.xs "slow Copper Queen Hotel
fifEver think what would happen if your income
ceased abruptly?
J Suppose it occurred today, or this week how
would you stand?
Q Are you properly prepared with a bank account
against such an emergency?
Bank with us.
:ri rrrs- mf
BARRETT
Ever-Lastic Roofing
See advertisement on inside cover of Saturday Evening
Post of August 3. We have a full car in stock.
Bisbee Lumber Co. inc.
EMIL MARKS, Mgr. Lowell Car Stop PHONE 25 '
When Adam and Eve
Vacated Eden by Request
Adam got a job with the express company
now his through an ad in the Review
Classified Columns!
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
AND HIGH CLASS CAFE
The best of every thina at reasonable a la carte price.
A Special 60c luncheon daily. Also $ 1 .00 dinner from
h: iU to 7:30 p. m. Regular Board by the month, $45.00
'
Henry Popperv Manager.
L. J. OVERLOOK, BROKER
Correspondents: Paine, Weber A Co., Boston, Duluth, Calumet,
LOGAN & BRYAN, NEW YORK AND CHICAGO
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK
Review Want Ads Bring Resuts
Fuel and
mpany
121
n THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 24, 1918.
FIVE
REVIEW WANT ADS
Advertisements under this head at the rate of 1 cent per word for each
Issue, with a minimum charge of 25 cents. Advertisements inuBt reach
The Review office not later than 8 p. m. for insertion the next morning.
For Rent
FOR RENT To party buying furni
ture, 140 down, rest terms, six
rooms and sleeping porch, modern.
In Warren. Chance for free rent.
Phone Black 475. 50
FOR RENT Three furnished house
keeping rooms, light and water, rea
sonable. 103 Mason hill, just off
Mason stop. Mrs. Geo. Eoff, Beyers
house. 53
FOR RENT Three or five room fur
nished house. 41 Laundry hill, near
Metz car stop. 52
HOTEL LETSON Main street. Thone
559. Exceptionally clean, quiet,
n'cely furnished rooms. Special
:;os to permanent guests. 47
FC'; ::ENT Two rooms well furoish
u, with water and light free. John
son addition, Johnson avenue, No.
30. 49
FOR RENT Two furnished house
keeping rooms. 71 Upper Lowell. IS
FOR RENT Two housekeeping
rooms. Apply Geo. Devine, next to
Hayes house, Tombstone canyon. 19
FOR RENT Two furnished rooms,
opposite Loretto school. Phone 700.
14
FOR RENT Two furnished rooms
for housekeeping. No children. 21S
High road. Anna Murphy. 994
FOR RENT House tent for house
keeping. Louia 39, Laundry can
yon. 996
FOR RENT Furnished room in War
ren. Private entrance. Inquire
Warren Drug company. 8
FOR RENT Furnished front room.
42 Montana street, Johnson addi
tion. 9
FOR RENT Three nice furnished
rooms for light housekeeping. No. 3
Curve street, opposite convenL 12
FOR RENT Two furnished house
keeping rooms. 91 Jiggerville. 973
FOR RENT Bright sunny room with
bath, outside entrance. In private
family. Phone 614. 9 2
FOR RENT Furnished rooms at
Stag club. Mrs. D. J. Kennedy, pro
prietress. 958
FOR RENT Furnished rooms for
light housekeeping, across second
track from Lowoll depot 56 Upper
Lowell. 874
FOR RENT Nice kitchen, house
keeping rooms. Mark Rooming
house, Lowell. 857
FOR RENT Garage, Tombstone can
yon, second house to richt of Ma sou
avenue car stop. dh
For Sale
FOR SALE Gas range and heating
stove, No. 8 Cooper flats, Warren.
24
FOR SALE On installments, tracts
of irrigated land under the Elephant
Butte dam uearLas Cruces, N. M.
Write, J. H. Higdon, El Paso, Texas.
51
FOR SALE A sood grade sheets,
washed once, 75 cents each or $S a
dozen. Box 713, Warren. 17
FOR SALE Adding machine in food
condition, cheap. Address, Box A,
Review. . 26
FOR SALE The war is over. There
is an immense demand for automo
biles. You had better get yours be
fore it is too late. I have all kinds
of cars. . Will sell on easy pa menus.
Drop me a postal card and let nie
show you some bargains. Box 6u7,
Bisbee. 995
FOR SALE On account of sickness,
best located hotel in Bisbee. Clean
and well furnished. Doing a good
business. Just the place for man
and wife. Full particulars address
H. L. W., Review. 970
FOR SALE Best equipped and best
located board in house in city,
cheap; 75 steady boarders. Call
at Room 14 Allen block. 94')
FOR SALE New Garford motor truck
model 77B, three and a half tons.
Just out of factory. In perfect con
dition. Immediate delivery. Ad
dress C. A. Williams, 806 Mills Bldg.,
El Paso, Texas. 879
FOR SALE Chevrolet five-passenger
1917 model. F. J. Keogh Aulo Up
holstery and Paint Shop. 8-7
FOR SALE Ford touring car, 1918.
just been overhauled, several extra
new tires all around. Terms if de
sired. Apply Hood & Bledsoe Gar
age. 947
FOR SALE Second hand Ford car.
Apply at Hood & Bledsoe garage.
73 1
FOR SALE iiii.cK roacister. good
condition, bargain. Address, O., care
Review. dh
FOR SALE Glaus iuieti refrigerator
b'vel mirror wardrobes, prices
dresser, rug, other furniture. K.l
Ciawson, center Opera Drive, City
Talk. 76
FOR SALE Furniture of 24 room. 4.
Twehe housekeeping rooms and 12
sleeping rooms. Rooms all full. Star
Rooming house, opposite City park.
FOR SALE laying i.ens am; puiletn,
all breeds.. Write us your require
ment. Phoenix Seed it Feed com
pany. Phoenix, Ariz. fii;
FOR SALE The Pressure (.looker.
Phone 734 tor cookets tir demount ra
tion. Bisbee .Mattress Works. 102
Male Help Wanted
WANTED On San Jose dairy, two
milkers. One mile west of Uaco
or Box 12, Naco, Arizona. 25
WANTED Young man who has had
office experience, and not afraid to
work, for general office man. Ap
ply Bisbee Fuel & Feed company,
below Copper Queen hotel. 15
WANTED A house porter.
Queen hotel.
Copper
82S
Lost
LOST Malacite cuff button. Return
to Phelps Dodge, Lowell. Reward.
20
LOST "Between Johns hotel and Cen
LOST Between Johnson hotel and
Central school, lady's black silk
beaver hot, with black wings; also
man's hat. Reward. Phone Mrs.
Braziel, 533. 22
Miscellaneous
LIBERTT BONDS BOUGHT We pay
the following prices, any amount
bought ($50 to 50,000): 1st 3ft pet
complete, $102; 2d 4 pet complete,
96; 3d 44, complete $96; 4th 4 pet.
complete $94. Send same by
registered mail or by express.
Remittances returned same day.
Reference, Dun or Bradstreets
or any banking company. United
Stock & Bond Co., 414 Geary St,
San Francisco. 410
M' KIT IS TO r. 31. C. A. SCnool, Vug
Angeies," auout Auto, Kauio, Win
I werciai ana .engineering coursro
iram ior service. sup
SCECOND HAND CLOTHES Bought.
Phone 739, City Dye Works. 604
AMERICAN HOME MADE BEER
Not a near beer, nor substitute, but
a genuine beer made in the home.
Simple, easy to make. Get the recipe
by America's foremost brewma3ter.
Send 10 cents for mailing, E. J.
Weston, 208 1-2 East Ninth street.
Los Angeles. 666
BUNDLES OF OLD PAPERS At the
Review office. Large bundles, price
25c.
Wanted
WANTED Man or woman to give
foreigner English lessons. Address,
F., care Review. 21
WANTED Furnished rooms with
heat, by single man. Must be well
furnished, reasonable and close to
postoffice. Address, B., care Re
view. " 23
WANTED Male fox terrier puppy.
State age, price, etc. H. N. W., care
Review;. 27
WANTED A few shares Verde
Squaw or Michigan Verde. Box
1397. 28
WANTED Room and board for two
small boys, for short period, with'
reliable people. Address, O., care
Review. dh
Money to Loan
SMALL QUICK LOANS On your per
sonal note to salaried men and wo
men, also on furniture. Cox Loan
company. Room 7, Sparks Kline
building. 16C
Legal Notices
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
026913 02SS26
Department of the Interior
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Ariz.
November 2, 191S.
Notice is hereby given that Albert
J. Yoorhees, of Hereford, Arizona,
j who, on March 15, 1915, made Home
j stead Entry, No. 026913, for W. N.E.
I 14, S. N.W. ' Sec. 26, S. ft N.E.
A. S.E. Vi N.W. i. Section 27, and -on
j November 17, 1915. made additional
I Homestead Entry, No. 02S826, for N.E.
j X N.W. t. Section 27, Township 22-S,
I Ranse 21-E., G. & S. R. B. & Meridian,
has filed notice of intention to make
three year proof, to establish claim to
the land above described, before Jared
D. Taylor, U. S. Commisisoner, at Bis
bee, Arizona, on the 11th day of De
cember, 1918.
Claimant names as witnesses:
William A. Lyth,
Pearl E. Yoorhees, both of Heieford,
Arizona.
Louis A. Boedecker, of Turner, Ari
zona. John E. Nelson, of Bisbee, Arizona.
609 JOHN L. 1RVIN, Register.
First publication November 9, 1918.
Last publication December 8, 1918.
NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF
STOCKHOLDERS OF EL PASO &
SOUTHWESTERN RAILROAD
COMPANY.
Notice is hereby given that a spe
cial meeting of stockholders of El
Paso & Southwestern Railroad com
pany will be held at the principal of
fice of the company in Bisbee, Cochise
county, Arizona, on Wednesday, the
th day cf December, 1918, at two
lo'clc-l: p. m. for the purpose of elect
ing dire-tors to serve until the next
annual meeting of stockholders, or un
til their successors are elected and
cjuaUlie.l, and also for the purpose of
considering and acting upon a resolu
tion to approve all of the acts of the
oM'icers and directors of said company
since the last annual meeting thereof.
This meeting is called by stockhold
ers of record of said El Paso &. South
western Railroad company who own
iiioiv' than one-third of the i.-sucd and
entstamiing capital stock thereof, said
call duly signed by said stockholders
being on file in my olfii e.
GEORGE NOT .MAN.
Secictary of Ei Paso & Southwestern
Railroad Company. 599
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
012722
Department of the Interior
j U. S. Land Office at Phoenix. Ariz
i November 2. 1918.
Notice is hereby given that Albeit
Gattrell, of Sunnyside, Arizona, who,
on December 30, 1910, made Home
stead Entry, No. 012722, for H. E. S.,
No. 203.
A tract of land described by metes
and bounds, as follows: Beginning at
Corner No. 1 from whence U. S. L. M.
No. 300 H. E. S. bears N. 29 degs. 13'
B. 62.09 chains.
Thence S. 49 degs. 18' E. 6.99 chains
to Cor. No. 2.
Thence S. 25 degs. 43' W. 42.24
chains to Cor. No. 3.
Thence S. 73 degs. 19' W. 17.0b
chains to Cor. No. 4.
Thence N. 20 degs. 58' E. 14.30
chains to Cor. No. 5.
Thence N. 35 degs. 21' E. 41.88
chainB to Cor. No. 1, the place of be
ginning, containing 53.26 Acres in ap
proximate Sections 15 and 16 (unsur
veyed) Tp. 23-S., R. 19-E., cf the G. &
S. R. B. & Meridian, Arizona, in the
Coronado National Forest has filed no
tice of intention to make five year
proof, to establish claim to the land
above described, before W. A. Fowler,
U. S. Commissioner, at Tombstone,
Arizona, on the 11th day of Decem
ber, 1918.
Claimant names as witnesses:
George W. Parker, of San Rafael,
Arizona.
Lucy Langford, of Sunnyside, Ari
zona. Lewis K. Mclntyre, of Parker Can
yon, Arizona.
Gustave J. Peterson, of Sunnyside,
Arizona.
610 JOHN L. IRVIX, Register.
First publication November 9, 1918.
Last publication December 8, 1918.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
027121
Department of the Interior
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Ariz.
November 9, 1918.
Notice is hereby given that Joseph
Hammer, of Hereford, Arizona, who,
on .July 8, 1915, made Homestead En
try, No. 027121, for S.E. i, E. N.W.
M, E. ft S.W. , Section 26. Town
ship 23 S., Range 21-E., G. & S. R. B.
& Meridian, has filed notice of inten
tion to make three year proof, to es
tablish claim to the land above de
scribed, before W. A. Fowler, U. S.
Commissioner, at Tombstone, Arizona,
on the 17th day of December, 1918.
Claimant names as witnesses:
George J. McCabe,
Milton Clark,
Adolph C. Hinters,
Leslie Wilcox, all ef Hereford, Ari
zona. 817 JOHN L. IRVIX, Register.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
023275027394
Department of the Interior
; U. S. Land Office'at Phoenix, Ariz.
November 2, 191S.
Notice is hereby given that Pearl K
Voorhees, of Hereford, Arizona, who,
on September 5, 1913, made Home
stead Entry No. 023275 for the S.E. ,
Sec. 28, Tp. 22-S., R. 21-E., and on May
11, 1915, made additional Homestead
Entry, No. 027394, for S.E. ft N.E. 14,
Sec. 28, W. ft N.W. Vt. Sec. 27, Town
ship 22-S., Range 21-E., G. & S. R. B. &
Meridian, has filed notice of intention
to make three year proof, to establish
, claim to the land above described, be
fore Jared D. Taylor, U. S. Commis
sioner, at Bisbee. Arizona, on the 11th
day of December, 1918.
Claimant names as witnesses:
William A. Lyth,
Albert J. Voorhees, both jof Here
ford, Arizona.
John E. Nelson, of Bisbee, Arizona.
Louis A. Boedecker, of Turner,
Arizona.
607 JOHN L. IRVIX, Register.
First publication November 9, 1918.
Last publication December 8, 191S.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior
j U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Arizona,
October 19, 1918.
Notice is hereby given t'nat Manuel
Larranaga, of Garces. Arizona, who,
I on September 29, 1915, made Home
stead entry, No. 02S436, for S. ft N.W.
V4. X. ft S. W. 4. Section 34, Town
(ship 28-S., Range 21-E., G. & S. R. B.
j & Meridian, has filed notice of inten
' lion to make Three Year proof, to es-
tablish claim to the land above de
scribed, before Jared D. Taylor, U. S.
commissioner, at Bisbee, Arizona, on
the 26th day of November, 191S.
Claimant names as witnesses:
James F. Kelly, of Garces, Arizona.
Charles A. Martin, of Lowell, Ari
zona. William Ryan, of Hereford, Arizona.
George L. Dunn, of Stark. Arizona.
JOHN L. IRWIN. Register.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
019126
Department of the Interior
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Ariz.
November 2, I'jIS.
Notice is hereby given that Willia.n
Ryan, of Hereford, Arizona, v, ho. on
September C, 1912, made Dc. ert Land
Entry, No. 019126, for N.E. '. , S.E. 4,
k.. ft N E. U. Sec. 7, N.W. '. , N.W. U,
Section 8, Township 21S., Range
22 E , G. & S. R. li. &l Meridian, has
filed notice of intention to make linal
proof under the Act of .March 4, 1015
Purchase Claun:-- to establish claim
to the land above described, boiore
Jared I). Taylor, U. S. t'onimis.ioi.er,
at Bisbee, Arizona, on the l'nh day el
December, 1918.
Chiiir.iint names as witnessed:
Angus Gillis.
.lames Delaney, both oi Bisbee, AM
zona. Ben Morgan.
Dayton L. Graham, jr., both of
Gardes. Arizona.
60S JOHN L. IliVIN. Register.
First publication Novenilcr 1 : 1 S.
Las! publication December N, 1:HS.
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
Lieutenant Isaacs Gives Account
Of His Capture By Sub; Escapes
WASHINGTON, Nov. 23. Captured
by a German submarine after the sink
ing of the United States transport
President Lincoln, being in the U-boat
when depth bombs were exploded
around it by destroyers which rescued
the survivors of the Lincoln, taken to
Germany and at last escaping from a
prison camp after nearly a dozen at
tempts, Lt. Edouard Victor M.
Isaacs, U. S. N., has reached Washing
ton and is ready for duty again in the
navy.
Lt. Isaacs, who arrived in New
York on Saturday, November 9, did
some quick traveling. A little more
than a week before he was in London,
a week before that in Paris, a week
before that in Switzerland and a week
before that he was escaping from
Germany.
Ruse Discovered
The Lincoln, on which Lt. Isaacs
was an officer, was torpedoed the
morning of May 31, at 9 o'clock. Fif
teen minutes later all hands abandon
ed ship. Isaacs stepped from the quar
ter deck to a light raft floating along
side and soon afterward was picked
up by one of the boats. Five minutes
later the submarine, which had fired
three torpedoes at the ship, came to
the surface and making its . way
through the nest of high rafts and
boats, reached the lieutenant's craft.
The young officer- lay down in the
stern sheets, covering the stripes on
his sleeves with his body. The ruse
was discovered, for the submarine
approached within 50 yards and the
captain megaphoned a call for him to
come aboard. Relating the incident of
bis capture, Lieutenant Isaacs says:
Taken as Commanding Officer
"Our boat was pulled alongside the
submarine and I stepped aboard. As
I did so a German sailor took my gun
I made my way to the conning tower,
where the captain asked me if I was
the commanding officer of the Presi
dent Lincoln. I told him I was not, and
that I thought the captain had gone
down with the ship. The officer in
charge of the submarine then intro
duced himself as Captain Remy, of the
U-90, and said that he was under or
ders to take the senior naval officer
prisoner whenever he sank a navy
ship.
"The next aftemoon American de
stroyers were sighted and t pt Remy
at once submerged. A few minutes
later was heard depth bombs explod
ing all about us. In four, minutes 22
exploding bombs were counted, five
of which were very close, or seemed
so to me, for they shook the vessel
from stem to stern.
Kiel Intensely Guarded
"lt was 3 o'clock on the afternoon
of June 10th, when we entered Kiel
harbor, which was protected by a net
and guarded by a dozen destroyers of
the smaller type On our arrival t
Wilhelnisbaven we tied up alongside
the mother ship Preussen. I was tak
en aboard and placed in quarters with
barred port and locked door and an
armed sentry placed outside, although
it would have been impossible for me
to escape. Even if I could have got
away there would have been little
chance, as this they call 'the most in
tensely guarded city of Germany.'
Escape Attempts Failed
"Early one morning a youn? naval
officer and two men came for me. and
I was taken to the station, where we
took the train for Karlshrue. I had
nothing to eat on the ship except a
sandwich which the officer gave me
from his lunch.
" I was sent to the officers' camp in
the zoological gardens at Karlshrue,
where I found about 20 Italians, 10
Serbs, loo French and 50 British offi
cers. For two weeks I worked on my
plans for escape. Two plans failed.
The third, in w hich I was associated
with some British and French officers,
failed when a letter written by one of
the Frenchmen -to a woman in Karl
shrue fell into the hands ot the com
mandant. "In the meantime five American
aviators came in and with one of them
I tried to make an escape that night.
With our food in knapsacks and our
blankets draped round us to resemble
the cloaks worn by German olficers
we tried to hide in the limbs of a tree
near the outer fence. However, we
could not get by the sentries and were
forced to return to our barracks, 'lhe
following day orders came trom Ber
lin to clear the camp of all officers.
Leaped From Train
"With the sentries I was marched
to the train., which we took for YiHin
gen. My guards sat on either side of
me w ith loaded guns which they point
ed at me. Finally three miles from our
destination, 1 caught one guard half
dozing and when the other turned his
head 1 doe frwni the window, whkn
was not more than IS by 24 inches.
The train was making about 40 miles
an hour when 1 leaped, landing on the
ste:-! ties and for a few minutes being
stunned. 1 struggled to my feet, shuf
fling o'.l' toward the It i 1 1 s and fore.-t a
few hundred yards away.
By th.s time the train had str.ni -e.l,
the guards had started in pursuit and
had opened lire en me. 1 kept going
as !ing as I c-ou'.d. and finally, fimiM
that the guards were al..ut ".") yards
away. 1 threw up my hands to sur
render. One of the guards had just
fired, the shot passing between my
ear unci shtmde:. liaruly had I s'or-
pe( whin t ! wete oil !!!. !le
guard grasping Hs gnu by I lie muzzie.
Ugly, Unsightly Pimples
Arc Signals of Bad Blood
s a wa a . 1 C. l-niTM nn.l itnntins VIA ftlinAml?
t.ive Jiecu lo me amine.
Timples on the face and other
p:-ts of the body are warnings from
Nalure that your Mood is tlup?i.-h
nnd impoverished. Sometime:; they
foretell eczema, boils, blisters, scaly
eruptions and other sk;n disorders
thnt burn like f wics cf lire.
They mean that your Moor! needs
S. S. S. to purify it si no" cleanse it of
the. e impura aerunnhtio'.s (hat cm
cause unlimited trouble. This remedy
i-; the greatest vegetable blood puri
struck nie over the head as 1 lay on
the hill. 1 remember rolling down
hill, gaining additional impetus from
their boots. They kicked me until I
got up, and w hen I got up they knock
ed nie down again. Finally knocking
me down, one of the guards struck
me back of the head, breaking his gun.
1 The beating and kicking continued
until we reached the prison camp,
where I collapsed on the guard house
porch.
Tormented by Vermin
"On coming to my senses I was
greeted by the commandant, a pork-ish-looking
individual and typical
Prussian, who bellowed in German
that if I attempted to escape again I
would be shot. I speak no German,
but an interpreter told me what he
said. They sent for a German doctor
and he swathed me with paper band
ages. "Then they put me in one of the
guard cells. For three days I could
not move, and the vermin that infest
ed the place made it almost unbear
able. My body was covered with large
red eruptions from German fleas,
which I found to be as poisonous as
German propaganda.
"On Sunday, October 6, I called a
meeting in my barracks of the 12
other officers who I knew were inter
ested in getting away. I insisted that
we go that night. Our plan was to
cut through or get over life fences in
various parts of the yard simultane
ously. We divided into four teams. I
took the first team, which consisted
of two aviators and myself.
All Lights Put Out
"At 10:30 that night the barracks
lights went out as usual. Shortly aft
erward the signal was given and the
team, consisting of doctors threw
the chains and short circuited all the
light circuits in camp. As the lights
went out my team threw the bridge
across and the three of us got out.
"Sentries tried to halt us and then
fired, but as we were in total darkness
their shots went wild. I continued on
for about two miles to where I had
a rendezvous with another of the
party. Meeting him we walked
through the mountains for seven
nights. Our walking was done at
night and in the day we hid in the
fields and woods. Our food was any
thing that we could get, mostly cab
bage leaves. At 2 o'clock on Sun
day, October 12, we swam the Rhine,
in the vicinity of Heuensteiu, and
were then on Swiss territory. The
Swiss turned us over to the American
legation at Berne, whence I proceeded
to London by way of Paris. I know
that of the 13 officers who attempted
to escape at least five were able to
get cut of camp and at least three of
us arrived safely in Switzerland."
Report Complete in Detail
The report in detail made to the
navy department by Lt. Isaacs is re
markably complete in detail. It de
scrilied minutely the U-boat on which
he was a prisoner and his account of
the- voyage while he was thus held
reads as complete as the German skip
per's own log. All of the shipping
passed each day when he was on deck
is carefully noted. He also gives a
detailed description of the harbor of
Kiel-and of the measurements taking
place from time to time.
Lt. Isaacs was born August 15,
1S91, in Arkansas, from which state
he was appointed to Annapolis in
1911.
Was at Ft Huachuca j
Lieutenant Isaacs was stationed at
Ft. Huachuca for some time and made
a number of visits to the Warren dis
trict. He is a son-in-law of Gen. Rosey
de Cabell, who is now at Ft. Sam
Houston but who was w ith the Tenth
cavalry at Ft. Huachuca and later
commander at Camp Harry J. Jones at
Douglas.
Crowned heads are fleeing from
outraged people and republics are
sprouting "over there" under some
what similar conditions to which they
sprouted "over here" when Patrick
Henry, Thos. Jefferson and other re
public founders started up on a
steady run that ran the royalists out.
They made one great republic. Wood
row has made a whole flock of them.
A ' t;!"j
Kei-r vtmr skin from crowi.-i old
ia looks w.:h
M ARINELLO
"- "wi v...n . n iiifhU'- li i fojrnr fif -tirvV.
McDonald's Mari-
v,,"l'i CI Uj ' a j
tO.t ..-II
fier known, and contains no minerals
or chemicals to injure the mest deli
cate tkin.
Go to your drugstore, aid tret
bottle of S. S. S. today, and get rid
of those unsightly and disfiguring
pimples, and other Bkin irritations.
And it will cleanse yourblood thor
oughly. If you wi.-h special medical
advice, you can obtain it without
chirg" bv v tifirg to Medical P:r"c.
tnr, " Sv.it't Laboratory, Atlanta,
Ceorr.a.
1
1
r-l 'L:.."i A
If'!' I
LODGE NOTICES
Cards of every fraternal order in the Warren District; giving tie essential
facts of each, their meeting nights, their officers aaU the place of gather-
ing will be found under their respective headings in these columns.
BISBEE LODGE NO. 718.
L. O. 0. 1YL
Meets every Friday
night, Moose Hall
Visiting brother! cor
dially invited.
R. I. GLEASOX.
Dictator
BISBEE LODGE NO. 10. I. O. O. F.
meets e t e r j
Thursday
evening at Odd
Fellows' Hall
11
Subway street, at 7:30 o'clock. Visiting
brothers cord. ally invited to attend.
Hall phone 119.
G. A. PLUNKETT, X. O.
LESTER EUSTACE. Sec'y.
PYTHIAN SISTERS
Lily Temple No. 3 meets every 2nd
and fourth Tuesday evening of each
month at Odd Fellows Hall. Visiting
sisters are cordially invited.
MINNIE BLUM. M. E. C
Phone Black 851.
IDA GLAZE. M. of R. C.
Box 1476
FRATERNAL ORDER OF EAGLES
BisDee Aerie
No. 175, F. O.
E., meets 1st
and 3d Tues
days, 8 p. m.,
Eagles' Hall.
Visiters cor
d 1 a 11 y wel
come. J. F. WILMOTH, PresJent
F. C. FENDiiRSOX, Secretary.
C. L. EDMUNDSON. Aerie Physician.
BROTHERHOOD OF AMERICA
YEOMAN
Richard I, Homestead 895, meet sec
ond and fourth Tuesdays at Mexligo
vich halL VisiUn? Archers are cor
dially invited.
MRS. C. C. FINLAYSOX.
Foreman. P. O. Box 1526.
E. D. STINSON.
Correspondent Box 1406.
WEEK ENDING NOVEMBER 23. 191S
Mondaj
Tuesday
f Wednesday
Friday
Saturday W. W. GIDLEY, W M.
B. T. W ATKINS, Sec'y, F. & A. M.
J. W. TOLAND. E. H. P.
C. F. PHILBKOOK, T.lll.
F. E. BENNETT. E. C.
F. S. DAVENPORT, Secretary Chap
ter and Commandery.
W. R, BANKS, Secretary Council.
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
DREADN AUGHT
L. O. U NO. 210.
meets in I. O.
O. F. Hall first
and third
MONDAY at
7:30 p. m.
Visiting broth-'
era cordially
Invited to at
tend. VM. T. SMITHAX. W. M.
ROBERT FERGUS, Secretary
P. O. Box 426. Bisbee.
MONEY TO' LOAN
Watches, Diamonds, Jewelry, Etc
Reliable House 19 Branch Store.
United Loan Jewelry Co.
BISBEE .: BREWERY GULCH
City Dye Works
Cleaning and Pressing
Phone 739
Opp. Y. W. C. A.
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Solicits Your
Patronage
PHONE 53
A Trial Solicited Prompt Delivery
Standard Laundry
FOR "QUALITY AND SERVICfc"
A. OWERS, Mgr., Bakerville
Phone 57
BISBEE TRANSFER,
STORAGE & COAL CO.
Warehouse & Office Opposite Depot
HENNESSY
Undertaking Parlors
PHONE 15. OK ST.
i
I.
I TvCATARRH j
i MlufA BLADDER ;
OTleN-n.iiMMlO)'
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS
Rathbone Lodge No. lit
Knights of PTthia,
meets each Tuesday
(except second) in Odd
i3 Fellowa Hall at 7:31
Vy cordially lnvitea.
H. E. WOOTON, C. U
W. E. McCALLUM, K. of R. 3-
LODGE NO. 671
day of each month. Visiting brothers
Regular meeting first and third Fri
cordiully invited to attend.
JAS. ALLISON, Exalted Ruler.
K. J. KELLY, Secretary.
WOODMEN OF THE' WORLD
Lowell Camp No. 46 will meet every
second and fourth Tuesday at 7:30
p. in., Finnish Hall.
D. C. SAXBY. C. C.
O. B. THOMAS, Clerk.
All Woodmen invited.
OP'JER OP EASTERN STAR
'tr'N meets In Masonic Ran
tel Pearl Chapter, No. 6, meets
tTxr in Masonic Hall sejond and
X; fourth Tuesday of each
month at 7:30 p. m.
MRS. EMMA WOODS. W. M.
Phone 161, Box 43. Bisbee
MRS. JESSIE BEYAN, Sec'y, P. O.
Box 2299, Cbairmaa Relief Com.
Phone 16L
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED
AMERICAN MECHANICS
Mtets la L O. O. F.
Call First and Third
Saturdays. V i s 1 1 it
brothers welcome.
S. F. BENTON, Councillor.
F. M. WILLLXMS, Kec. Sec y.
FRATERNAL
BROTHERHOOD
T. F. B.
Bisbee Lodge No.
453 meets' the 1st
and 3rd Mondays
of each month at
7:30 at Medigo-
vich Hall. Visa
ing members cordially invited.
ts. t . .muss, iresiaent.
MRS. C. E. FINOTT!. Treasurer.
Box 722. Tel. 236, Red.
HONORA MUNCH, Secretary.
Box 1621.
MODERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA
Bisbee Camp No. 13415.
Meets 1st Saturday
Medigovich Hall.
t. L. MOTZ. Consul.
A. F. MATI1EWSO.N.
Clerk.
C H. HOGAN
Office Below
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
Phone 121
REAL ESTATE
RENTALS
FIRE INSURANCE
NOTARY
LEGAL BLANKS
Phone 121
Office Below
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
C H. HOGAN
&
We Specialize In
JEROME
AND
O ATM AN
STOCKS
Jack BUg., Main SLrett
Phono 2G Zox 120
THE REVIEW
job Department
w.'.l fi:r;:.;-'.h jou ;ir. ;!
on that 'ob i shoi t rotn.-
V
4 THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 24, 1918.
SIX
Allied Bombs Spelled Ruin
For German in Early Part
Of Drive to Free Belgium
DUNKIRK. France. Oct. 25. (Corre
spondence of The Associated Press)
Ruin rained from tiie skies upon the
German areas back of Ostein! and
Zeobruggee at the beginning of the
great Allied offensive on the Bel
gian coast. Today the whole country
in the rear of the German li:ies shows
the scars of more than seventeen
tons of bombs dropped upon the Ger
man reinforcement line centers by
aviators of the Royal Air forces. Ev
ery squadron and battery that re
turned to the British lines reported
great fires burning, where ammuni
tion dumps and stores of gasoline ind
been hit. They told of trains brought
to a standstill by great craters torn
in thtir lines by airplane bombs.
Vhile Eirtish monitors lyin? n:V the
Belgian co:ist ra!:ed the German bat
teries at Ostend r.nj Zecbrugge with
fifteen-inch shells, the air attacks con
centrated on the reinforcement lin:?H
behind the German front. The tri
angle of railroad with Thou'out, Lien
tervalde and Oorteraarck at its corn
ers was the center of the British air
plane activities. These three Import
ant railroad junctions, but 5.C00 yards
apart, were targets for the fifth g'oup
of the British air forces.
Dawn breaks late at this season and
it was still dark, with a dash of rain,
when the hour for starting arrived,
from the various aerodromes the for
mations lifted into the drenched air
and were quickly lost in the low hang
ing clouds. To the south of them,
beyond Dixmude, the battle already
was in progress. Seven machines
were lost in the flurry of night and
bombs, but the rest hurried on and
arrived over their targets.
The first bombs were falling by 7
o'clock in the gray, rainy morning.
The pilot, who dived upon Zarren let
go his bombs from a height of only
200 feet, where he could see them
land and burst in the troop-congested
town. Another pilot happened upon a
north of Staden. He dived through
large-caliber battery emplaced to the
SAFETY FIRST
Paula ijaa uqq n vi
El SI EI :fi5s.l!5 B B S
-T1
Ifi
K ' I h
Studebaker Quality Dominant for Sixty-Six
Years Is Reflected in These Cars
See these beautiful cars in our show rooms and note the classic designs De Luxe,
Pantosote tops with plate glass in rear Beveled body Choice of colors, blue or Maroon
Timken bearings throughout Transmission ' in front Hotchkiss drive Lots of
Power and easy riding.
STUDEBAKER
B I G "6"
LIGHT "6"
LIGHT "4"
Hudson Touring Cars and Speedsters
We are the oldest dealers in the Warren district and the only one that has kept
their Service Station open to their customers during the entire war period.
Smith Form-A- Truck Attachments for Fords in Stock
SOLID TRUCK-TIRE PRESS
siting lacjj is a g a :
3 '.f" J
TTTTl r :
R-1 iU jHC f ?T i
A.
SAFETY FIRST
the clouds to a height of 200 feet be
fore lie let go his bombs and then
wait d alof: until he was sure the
battery had ceased to fire.
Squadron after squadron of air
planes all flying low roared over the
three junctions at the angle of the
"railway triangle" bombing them in
dustriour!y. Kvery road had its watch
ful sweeping airplane. There was no
safe channel for the hurrying currents
cf German traffic. A train going
south from Thorout was raided by an
airplane pilot won came down to with
in 100 fe;t of the ground and flew
past the train, his machine gun sweep
iiig tiie troops who spouted forth from
t. Three trains were set on fire and
direct hits were made on four others.
Near Wtrchcm. the road was occu
pied for a rr.iie by a transport column.
Eighteen well directed bombs con
verted the moving col:mn into a hor
ri'uie tarrirade of smashed wagons
and lorriis. dead horses, dead and
wounded men. The survivors scat
tered to wide ditches on either side
of the road. With two machine-suns
'i.lv.g together eighteen hundred
rounds a minute the airplane pilot
raked both ditches. "Many casualties
among personnel" was the official
statement of the result.
As daylight broadened and the
weather improved every railway and
every road behind the German lines
was a river of vehicles and men but
the airplanes had laid a line of danger
across tho country which the Ger
mans had to travel from their baseR
to the front, where the British and
Belgians were driving the Hun line
backward.
That night the great railway siding
near Ghent where 25 trains can lie
side by side was brightly lit and
feverish with acitivity. Trains were
shunting and pulling in and out nois
ily for the German front- was yield
ing before the allied thrust and risks
had to be. taken. Down came the
bombs and the pilots saw the flash
of their explosions in the train-jams
PIONEERS ITi
THE BUSINESS
THE NEW
Studebaker Cars Are
Right in Every Respect
IE AUTO CO.
Opp. Palace Undertaking Co.
PIONEERS IN
THE BUSINESS
and the sidings and forthwith the.
lights" flickered out and darkness am'
terror added themstlves to .the con
fusion and urgency below. j
Thereafter the Germans, when they j
moved large bodies of troops, moved j
them under cover of night and pos j
sibly across the fields. The aid b:ir j
rage across the ways to the front a j
an invisible one, that wavered and j
shifted and was deadly: it was as
though there rose from the marshy j
land a drifting miasma of dcJili. j
JELLY FOR RED CROSS
; SAN JUAN. PORTO RU'O. Nov. 5.
j Porto Rico has completed the ship
j nient of 120.000 glasses about Zl tons
of guava jelly to the Red Cross in
I France to be distributed among the
hospitals. The jelly was madf by the
Porto Rico chapter of the American
: Red Cross and sent to France as a
i contribution from Porto Rico.
Last ye?r the island Rod Cress
made and sent to Prance about 12
1 tons of guava jelly and it was so
greatly appreciated that Charlt-n Hort
, ze'.l, chairman of tho Porto Rico chap
ter, recently recived a cable from
national Red Cross headquarters at
Washington saying the supply in
I France was all gone and asking if
any more was available.
Ten thousand cases of jelly which
the Red Cross had ready for shipment
to France recently were sunk at the
pier at New York.
OLD TARIFF SQUABBLE.
LONDOJI, Oct. 28, (Correspondence
of the Associated Press.) Recommen
dation that "key" industries should
be protected in Great Britain has been
followed by the organization of exhibi
tion in England to show the products
and represent the claims of Industries
which desire to be classified as "key"
industries.
It is reported by the American
chamber of commerce in London that
the traditional upholders of free trade
in Great Britain are accusing the tar
iff reformers of a desire to make the
classification industry cover an ex
tremely large number of industries.
The situation, however, is still entire
ly open.
The "mania" i3 about out of Ger
mania. Los Angeles Times.
SAFETY FIRST
r
; - - - fUTTT? 1
mm
HUDSON
TOURING CAR
SPEEDSTER
it?! m ctt hra in? ttt? ttti tttj ?rTl 4
IT! pW pH B??f
cia ma Bis
13 ESS ISilH:
ft-
Hfl la IMi r
mmmmm
SAFETY FIRST
i
3
CAPITAL CITY STORM CENTER AS SILESIA
Ereslau, capital of the German
province of Si4ena and the third
xanrest citv in Prussia, is one of
fthe storm centers of the jreneral
revolution which is sweeping Ger
many's provinces and pointing1 to
ward separate government for
every state, Brelau is on the
Oder river and in the Oder Lne of
fortifications which were coa-
! structed to prevent possible in
vasion by Russia one of tho
, many well laid defenses in thQ
Jwar plans of the ilohenzot-
i i i t- H" '"""it
RUSSIAN BOLSHEViKI
REGIME DETERMINED
TO STARVE WRITERS
NEWSPAPERMEN SUBJECT TO
MORE PERSISTENT PERSECU
TION AT HANDS OF ANARCHIS
TIC GOVERNMENT THAN ANY
OTHER CLASS IN TORN LAND
LONLON", Nov. 1 (Correspondence
of the. Associated Press.) Newspaper
men have suffered more than any oth
er class of Russians from the Bol'ue
viki regime. They are the only ones
absolutely unable to find employment
and who are condemned by the l!el
sheviki to literal starvation.
From the very first day the Eol
sheviki assumed control of the coun
try fines, imprisonment, and suppres
sion of papers were more frequent
than even in the worst periods o lthe
emperor's ruk. The fines imposed by
yie liolsheviki commitars were in
comparably heavier than in the old
days, when 3'Jilf rubles was the ni::i
mum amount. They lined papers 20,
000 lubles for publishing war news
without permission, and one Moscow
paper was fined 30,000 rubles lor the
same offence. For spreading "provo
cative rumors," in Moscow alone, in
one day, four newspapers were sup
pressed, five were heavily fined and
ten were indicted for "reports tending
to discredit the government."
The publishers could not stand the
heavy drain of constant fines, the edi
tors dreaded the prospect of a more
or less protracted stay in prison, and
the leporters were afn.id to write
about anything reflecting upon Bol
sheviki methods, as that might be con
strued an attempt to discredit the gov
eminent. A newspaper actmaintance
of the writer, a member of the staff
of a most progressive daily, after hav
ing been imprisoned and his paper
made to pay a fine of 10.000 rubies
for an inoffensive article, confessed
that he was at a loss to know w hat to
do, how to write.
Whenever public dissatisfaction be
came too pronounced the government
suppressed all nou-Bolsheviki "bourge
ois" publications. This example of
Bolsheviki statesmanship w;is emulat
ed by the Petrograd and other Soviets
so that the Russia press entirely
ceased to exist.
Barring the official Izvestia, the Po
lice Gazette, as some workmeu call it
gublished by every local soviet, end
the organs of the Bolsheviki and left
social-revolutionary parties, not a
single newspaper is published iu so
viet Russia at present. All those who
made a living by writing for the press
now find themselves in dire straits
and face poverty and starvation if un
willing to change .their political faith
and join the ranks of Bolsheviki jour
nalism. Now let us have'an international
congress of nations with "representa
tives elected by the people of all na
tions,: and. an international land and
navXl police force with a quotu from
all rations to tho end that there be
no more war.
A HEDL HI 40
It is an old proverb that every man
Is either a fool or a physician at 10.
Well I fooled along for 40 years In the
drug business and practice of medicine
before I perfected a blood nv ilicir.e
that T thought andJvDRw I couiil o:"fcr
the public with impunity.
I have perfocteu "Number '.0 For
The lllood," and fo show you that I do
not wish to tool yon I will send t,j
your money by mail if yu return the
front of tho carton with the statement
that you hive tried one bottle of
"Number 40 For The F.hy d" wit'iout
satisfactory r"!M!U for any srrc-ruloiu
tllsea?;?. for blood poison, clinmic
rheumatism, ma'arli. chronic live
and stomach trouble, constipation, or
In face any disease for which it Is re
commended. J. C. Mcndenhnll, Fvans
ville. Ind.
Sold by Cental Pharmacy, r.isbee,
j. -.- . ... . V
i - v. : Mi-1 -& if;v'' ' - - - or
r .-'...
5
FIREWORKS FOLLOV
BULLETS FROM HARD
HITTING MACHINE GUN
man inside tamks seems to;
see blue flames when mis-!
s:les cf death strike sioes.
of land vessels seeking !
WEAK SPOTS TO ENTER
LONDON. O.-t. .10. (Correspondence
of the Associated Pres.) Machine-
gun lullets sprayed agai!it the sides!
of a tank produce a queer e.'fect with-
in it. says one British army officer j
who has spent ihn-o months fighting'1
wi'h his tar.!: in France. The bullet,
he says, cannot ;'''! ee the ar:nor but j
it does knock off on the inside a thin
flake? of steel that pulverizes and flie3
in all directions. It gets into the facs
and hands of the crew and stings them
like a strong wind on a cold day. The
surgeons have found that a simple
bath of iodine solution will heal the
pam and prevent infection. l)escrib-;
ing the scene within a tank which is
beinij hit with machine-gun bullets the
officer said:
"As the bullets strike the tank, ;
simultaneously with the sound of im
pact and the creation of the flake, a
blue flame is seen, and when a machine-gun
is playing up and down the
joints in the hope of finding a weal?
spot, the interior looks much, like a
demonstration of cheap fireworks.
"While there is no danger from
machine-guns to a tank crew, there is
real and pressing danger from armor
piercing or explosive shells.
"Unless it is possible to gt within
a mile of the guns before being dis
covered one is liable to come within a
range of shells that will wipe the
tank off the fiice of the earth. A direct
hit means thSt everybody is going to
get hurt with the chances that some
body is going to be killed. The Ger
mans were always trying to make
Gas Fired Water
For Attaching
to You)
Range Boiler
Qisbee
SEEKS FREEDOM 1
J
Oil . - ,
?1
I such a hit. 0;ue v. ilhin a mile of the
; enemy the tank is comparatively safe
for the puns cannot be depressed to
j get the range. Then the only thins the
: tank has to deal w ith is the machine
gun. When this is accurately located
the tank quickly runs it down. The
German machine-gunner was Ger
many's best fighter. Ceneraily he
would hang on to a position, pepper
ing the lumbering tank until he found
it was no use and fled or was run
over.
One of the tricks we learned was burns, bites and stings. Just as re
tiie tremenuom value of tank i against liable, too, for earache, toothache,
masses of enemy troops. At first we croup and colic.
were content to use the ordinary ma-. tict it from druggists for 30 cents,
chine-guns in tanks but in tho latter If not satisfied return the bottle and
months we used the shell time to e.- 1 get voiir rr.onry back,
plode as it lcTt the gun, scattering ; Ever constipated or have sick
its scores of leaden bullets like a : r.ridache? Fust try Wizard .Liver
shot sun. Troops without artillery t pleasant httls piak puis. 3d
were solely unable to stand such fire." cents. Ouiraateed. 1
OWING TO THE FAILURE OF AMENDMENT
NO. 100 TO CARRY,
Employers' Indemnify Insurance
13 CF SPECIAL INTEREST TO EMPLOYERS OF
LABOR AT THIS TIME
The EMPLOYERS MUTUAL INDEMNITY COM
PANY, of Phoenix, Arizona, is a mutual company operat
ing on a cash premium plan not on a reciprocal or assess
ment plan. It furnishes its policyholders full protection at
ACTUAL COST of the insurance, whatever profits are
made being returned to the policyholders as dividends. It
is tcr.ded by the National Surety Company, the largest
curety company in the world, and is the only indemnity
company doing business in Arizona that is bonded.
WHY NOT KEEP YOUR MONEY AT HOME
WHERE IT IS EARNED?
This company solicits your careful consideration and
investigation.
BRUCE PERLEY, RESIDENT AGENT,
Copper Queen Hotel Bldg., Bisbee, Ariz.
Provides abundant supply or
hot water at reasonable cost.
Call at our store and ask for
demonstration,, or make re
quest for representative to call
upon you.
Improvement Co.
IpreC tO Astlffiia SUifatlS
A New Heme Cure That Anyone Can
Use Without Discomfort or
Loss of Time.
We have a New .Method that cures
Asthma, and we want you to try it at
our expense. No matter whether your
case is of long standing or recent de
velopment, whether it is present as oc
casional or chronic As;hina, you
should sen! far a fiee tril of our
method. No matter in what climate
you live, no matter wimt your age or
occupation, it you are troubled with
asthma, our method should relieve you
promptly.
We especially want to sen.l it to
those apparently hopelr-'s cases,
where all f:rms of iihuler., d. inches,
opium pre.:i:atioii:!. fumes, "patent
sm:ke3," t.V:., have fiied. We want
to show cv.ryor.' at our o n exr-cris-tliit
tli-H ikxv method is desm-d to
end a!! di.Y.cuit breathing, nil wlieez-
, in ;, tnd all th-j; tvrr.ble pi;r'jsms
at oi.:-f an I for a!! tiiiic.
This fr m c'f r is too important to
! neglec t a ,!. gle day. Write uow and
' thn bCj-'.u. ti.o meth-tf a; :r2e. Send
no money. Simply luai! cj.pnn b.
. lov,-. Do It Totl.-y.
F RtE A3THWA CURE
FRO.VTIEit ASTlLVi. CO.. itw.ni
'. ; ! T, Niarira and Hudson Sis..
lur r.iii. n. Y.
.-i t ti iui : f iu: rr ;VU to:
RHEUMATLG PAINS
. Quickly Easd By Penetrating
Hamlin's Wizard OU
A safe and harmless preparation
to relieve the pains of Rheumatism,
Sciatica, Lame back and Lumbago is
; Hamlin.s wizard CiL It
quickly, drives out soreness, and
timbers op stiff aching joints and
muscles.
You will find almost daily tises fof
it in cases of sudden mishaps or ac
ridents such as SDrains. bruises, cuts.
Heater
m I i
u i I
hi ! U
Is i
Arizona.