WEATHER.
ARIZONA: Thursday
and Friday fair; not
much vliacfe.
Hi Hit-
T
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service.
VOL. 20. No. 196.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY MORNING, JANUARY 24, 1918.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
1. i. Z A
i
1
REPUBUGANS
m in Fill!
OF CfiLPTiC
-i
Conference cf House G. O. P. j
Results in Decision to Sup
port Legislation. Chamber
lain Will Address Senate.
(T.r R.-viw Leased Wlr-
WASHINGTON'. Jan. 23. Republi
cans of the house in conference to- i
night Toted 75 to 19 in favor of the !
creation of a department of bureau cf
munitions and ordnance with a direct-'
or appointed by the president. There
was some discussion of the war conn-'
cil proposal, but no attempt was made i
to put the conference on record in re-'
gard to it.
When the vote was announced the '
point of no quorum was made and the '
conference adjourned. leaTing the way;
open for another discussion of the sub .
ject. The resolution voted on was in
troduced by Representative Gillett of
Massachusetts, acting floor leader, as i
a substitute for the iicCormick-Ln- j
root resolution considered last week.
It follows: j
The Resolution
"Whereas, in the conduct of the ex-i
istinf war the Republican members of I
the house of Representatives have tak- J
en the position that there should be
no partisanship but that all Americans
should be united in the support of the
government in pressing the war to a i
successful conclusion, and in voting
ungrudgingly the administration
-i !
thfr resources and powers to that end ' shortage of workers in the northwest ana consisteatjy official." that Anieri
and will continue to do so. and. , were dclared today by the United CBn soldiers socn wi'l be su.ferins; at
-Whereas, the need of a united eoun States employment service to be great-' tne hrnas cf GermanyVirhumaa army. ;
trv "demands that where conditions ex- '-T exaggrated and misleading. Work- . mas yCe& in an address here tonight
ist causing unnecessary delay or waste " men m other sections of the coun-, bv Major Gravson M. P. Murphv. i
due to the overlapping jurisdiction of try were mraed particularly againts , (ormerlv in charge of the American
the bureaus and departmenU or for to Oregon without first ascer- Red rr-s08 wrok in France, who re-
other causes revealed by congression- taining what jobs were in sight. turned to this eountrv Sundav Major
al investigations, it is their patriotic Sources of the misleading reports ' Murphv rjo,,,, from the Red Cross
duty to siggest remedies, for such con- not mentioned Statements re-' . he s of Genera, rersMn, j
ditions. icently have been made by denanment. 4cannot de8cribe the torrii,le'
"Therefore, be it rsol.ed that It is L' Gemini has -!one to
, ... - sons in svmpathy with the enemy . .... , , .
the sense of this conference that there . ... " .kIj- .. ,: women and children and the poor.
should be created a department or bn-1 ' h1, h c!d- rin- people in countries
rean of munitions and orJnance. the ; ,Pdin of false rumore nd dlscon' here she has seTher dreadful foot."
director of which shall be appointed labor Needed Major Marphy srid. "British officers
bT ? lLw JZJUZ ' Only five classes of skilled workers ' J of " wounded Fnish s.l
senate. and be immediately responsi- needed . in orecon shin vards iieT riled in hesps. and then bom
&aT2: SS ,nno,un0cern Thete t-ded with hS,d grenades. will be
?rjttiErm.i shipwrights, ship-fitters, calkers. boil- but a short time before our bovs are
?hf f ,!r Z r ermakers and machinists, and onlyoing to su-fer those same thincs.
which the snccss of our armd fores . ... , v, h, .t t hnit.t im 5iori'i.-o
!3jv be speedily attained."
Representative Gillett told the con
ference the time had come for the Re-:
publicans to take some action, but ;
that it shonld be constructive and not
!?BIr SilI -- steel
Pridnt Wilson had been plaving pol now Jn Preon nd wnptoylng la.000
Itics. Representative Crayon of raen" the statement said "These
Michel said roPditions found abroad8. Pent capacity for ninety
bv memb-r, of coneress who had been P1" Irds ;re,lC tempU-,
be made in the war department s
mehod !
P-rrpI,t,tive Kelly, a member of
the nsval committee, protested urainst
anv chanee in the nsvy's purchasing
rvtm and weed that any re-organi-
xation should apply to the army only.
Tc-KSWTXvrrnv Ja n,.
tmversT between the adm'nistrrion "" " ' sums of money, has hsd between
and members or the senate mflitarv and qualifications of more than 1 0W- 4n.wu 0Ort and r..00 rep!e ork
emir.ittee over nronosals for a wur 000 worker' ot " classes, who have jnt fof hPr for praftic8i,T no wS::e
cabinet ond director or munitions win enifilthcn willingness to go where rpalT a sUve. she n c?,ab!ihd
be hroieht bfore the senate tomr- ,be,r serv1ce in an industrial capacity hpId on Aasfrij,. on X,IP.
row. with prospects of pslrited
dis-
cninn. . j
Senator Chamberlain plns to rise
tf a qntion or personal nrivileee and j
denunciation of the senator's recent
the rovernment bad broken down
la ,
th wr. s a distortion of
erl nece5 on behalf of
istration tso are planned.
Amone senate leaders, plans of pro
revtnm n the forthcoming contest ov
er the legislation which the president
rwww weep rrvstallixed. Amtnia
tntion sp"Vsmen express confidence
that th mitftarv coTimittee'a bills
wonld nevr he brought to a vot. It
was r-reed pot to oppose Senator
r"aTTirl-iTi' motion for referenc to
hi mmml'te of the war cabinet bill.
Afterward, however, it is proposed to
SICK RATE INCREASES
IN MANY ARMY CAMPS
(Pr Review Ieawd VTlre
WASHIXGTOX. Jan 23 The sirk
rate lr. national army and national
mard camps si'ows a s'itht increase
for the wek end;ng Januarv lth.
Pea'h in the rational army for the
wee nm -bre4 19. as asVnt 1J7
te pre1i",e wee- and in the na
tional eiisrd si-s'y s:x dratrs azainst
eiEbty-ei-ht. Of these deaths, one
fcumJred 'n the na'ional army nl
fortvix in the national guar! were
due tc pneumonia.
Seventy -nine Men
Nova Scotia Coal Mine Explosion
HALIFAX. X. S Jan. 23. Seventy-nine men are believed to have per
ched in an explosion tonight in the Allen shaft of the Acatiia C'na! com
pany's colliers et Siellartcn. X. S.
Eleven on a higher level at the tibedme if the evplosion escaped but
those on the lower level were entombed. Eight bodies have leon recov
ered by rescue workers.
Th-j explosion occurred just after the night shift had rif to worle.
The Allen shaft, one of the most productive in Canada, is also one of
the most dangerous. Fires caused by spontaneous coiul.iistiun are of
frequent occurrence.
Number of British Merchantmen
Sunk by Submarines Kept Small
LONDON. Jan. 23. Again the sinkings of British merchantmen by
mine or submarine have been held at a low point. Only six vessels of
1.600 tons or over and tmo under tiat tonnage were destroyed la the
past week, according to the admiral'y rtport tonight.
The sinkings of British merchantmen for the last week duplicate
the sinkings for the previous week, except that in the previous week
two fishing vessels also were sunk; in the last week the fishing craft
escaped entirely.
The admiralty reports of January 2 and January 9 gave the sink
ings as 21 merchantmen!, of which 18 were over 1.6f-0 tons in each
case.
SHY STORIES OF
LABOR UNREST IN !
WEST ARE WRONG
United States Employment !
r J
Service Declares. Enemy
Propaganda Is Responsible
for Unfounded Rumors.
iRt TJmHp Leased Wire
WASHIXGTOX. Jan. 23. Stories of!
labor unrest, agitation by radicals and
'men in loe ursi luivt: man cbb nro
c3d with reasonable assurance of em-
ployment. Loggers will be needed in
I earlT spring. All should apply first
to the Portland office of the United
r a. r fntnM Tdio will m o. n triA ffm.
, ' , .
P'3rn,ent many more men. Just
ow th y,rds, in n
mree inousana more men in ine omi
two months, but only of the five class
es enumerated." .
Great Reserve Secured
j The public service reserve, the regis
tration agency of the employment ser-
to win the war.
"UNCL JOE" COMES BACK.
WASHIXGTOX. Jan. 22. "Uncle
Jo? Cannon reappeared at the capitol
today in a wheel chair.
Eight Hour Commission Makes
Report on Adamson Law Effect
iPr Review Le.-med wtrei . eratinerevenue of $1,000,000 or more
WASHIXGTOX. Jan. 23. The eight- annually. The percentages of em
hour day commission, headed by Maj. iploees in the eastern district is 17.K9;
Gen. Ooetbals. today made its report j southern 17.45 and western 1S.S6. Tak
of conditions it found to have been 1 ing the 1518 schedule as the basis, toe
bro-jght about by operation of the
Adamson law, as it affects the rail
roads of the nation. Xo recommenda
tions were offered in the report, which
declares that abnormal traffic condi
tions of 1917 made accurate compari-
n of conditions impossible.
; "We find." the report continued.
"that the railroads in actual practice
have applied tne eight-hour day as a
basis for reckoning compensation of
the folowing employees: Enginemen.
firemen, conductors, assistant condue-
tors, bagcaeemen. brakemen and flag-
men in road and yard sen ice and gen-
eral'y hostlers. The averare number
of these employees was 30S.373. which
is 17.37 per cent of t-'ie total number
of railway employees.
Those figures, the report said. ap-;
' ply to railroads Laving an annual op-i
Lose Lives in
MURPHY ISSUES
WA!
Former Head of Red Cross De-
dares German Ruthlessness
Is Present Victor. Points
Way to Certain Sacrifice.
iPv Review Leased TCir-)
NEW YORK. Jan. 23. Warninsr of
: atrocities, 'horrible, brutal, beasuy
- ' - .
o matter h?.t it costs to beat that
beast."
Bu;ld;ng np the srlrit of the people
behind the lines in Europe is tbe great
drecoributtolhr Red
con.e one of the lareet factors in the;
war. he said.
Germany Present V.ctor ,
-Up to this day. Germany is vie-;
MalinttlJ "
continued. "Any pae that is made
on the basis of today's conditions
would be practically a complete vic
tory for Germany and for the German
idea. Germany has 'ost nothing in
this war but blood. She hxs fouefct
so far on the territory of others. S'le
has drawn from the territory of others
vast supnlies of materials and vast
key and on Bui cm, and she has at I
her feet murdered Serbia and unfor-i
tuna'e Rumania.
The Situation. '
"If the war ended today with France
(Continued on Pare Two
law cr.used an Increased expenditure
og $9S5.S03. or 24.59 per cent, in Janu
ary. 1917. by railroads having a total
mileage of 104.255.
Permanency Unknown.
"To what extent this chance will be
permanent." the report continued, "we
do not know, but a reduction in hours
means to the men that they do not
get the waee increase indicated above
and in some cases it means consider-
anIe errrasF as where men formerly
workei i hours they now work eicht
nours for tne former 10 hours pay. To
tne carriers the reduction in hours
doM not necsssrily mean the escape
from M of tae increased cost shown
jr januarv.
"The general change to the eight-
ING Or THE
HI
ATROCITIES
(Cootinued on rape Two)
mmmi
: fish m
! UMmm
ViUll.U til
rat
LfidlUttUURI
Three Trunk Lines East of
Mississippi and North of
Ohio and Potomac Rivers
Refuse Certain Freight.
J (By Review Iesl Wirel
WASHINGTON". Jan. 23. An ua
icffiiia. embargo on r.:l lreiji:t c-xo.-pt :
'food, lucl and n:ja.:ions pracual.y:
j "xas ia ef:ect tonight eat of tt e Iiis
' sisippi s-nd iiorih of ije Ohio and;
j Potomac rivers, as s. result of T'i.'ec:-1
or tien-ral Mc.VJoo's autUoriied em-:
tarso todby a thre-? eastern trunk !
! Iiiies. Alttocsa ii;e restri?!.icn was;
j aplid fomaliy on'y to to Tf cu- '
sylxania and the Baiii'iiore aud O..io j
easi cf I'ittsbjrgh and the Thi.adel-.
phia and heading, oiher railroads ac-1
ct-ptod little Iivlght tocay. prti-ai-i
atly if it was ustin.d eastward. j
TLis situation probably wiii coa-!
tjr.ne until mi'der weaii'.er penult J
railroads to btgin to move the grsat '
quantity of general Ireijrht accumui-.
tad curins recent winter storms. !
t actors contributing to the eiu- j
barg j were tile priority of u:oveii:ent
ror coa! and fodstufrs. and tte coa-;
tinned preference in coal deliveries:
given to domestic consumers, ships;
aud cenain war industries waich were t
exet..p:ed from tte fct-1 administra
tion's general clcsing order. The
tan on coal consump.ion was ofiicia!;!
y lilted et midnight l?st nijtht. but
socres of manufacturing plants, un-
tble to divert ccal from the stream j
flowing to the more essential indus-'
trif s, remained closed or prepaid to ;
suspend operstions in a day or to,
whan their aiiab!e coal stocks aYe i
gone. This fact, and the knowledge !
of many shipiers tiiat ordinary f'eisht j
stood little chance cf prompt delivery, j
tended to curtail shipment offerings j
today. j
Zone System Adopted. I
To reduce railroad mileage in baul- j
ing coal, some sort of a zona system
of coal distribution probebly will te j
put into operation by the railroads snd
fuel administrations within a week.!
Plans for such an arrangement were '
discussed at a conference between ,
I irvvior Gtncr-1 SicAdoo and Fuel Ad I
p..iaitretor Garfie'd. both of whom i
Enrounced tfcet they wers working in j
tntire unison in dexeioi-ir.g a plan;
of greatest efficiency tor coal tran-
spoliation. i
.VUtoush wer.ther rt-i:ine4 cold
cvtr most of the east today the lack '
cf new snow-fall enabled the railroads
to m ike a s:ight improvement in the
traffic sit-jauon. Tl;e tiow cf coal
eastward was somewhat greater, and
lie supply of empty car to mining ;
regions was larger. Nowhere was 1
there any nejr approach to normal
conditions, however, and railroad ad-,
ministration officials pointed out that j
the full effect of low coal production
and distribution wou'.d not be felt for;
several days.
The cumber of ships awaiting bunk- j
er coal at Atlantic ports wr'.s smaller. I
but fropzing of coa! in the cirs still ;
hampered dum;in.; and ice in harbors :
interfered with lighter jse.
Ten'peratures ranyed not far from I
the zero mark over much cf the coun-;
try toni;ht. but warmer weather was
in prospect later i the week, and .
wlien it comes railroad officials look ,
for muih improvement in transporta
tion. Munitions Are Shipped.
The embargo put into effect today ;
will not apply to shipments of muni-!
lions or other war supplies. specit'ical-j
!y approved by the war or navy de-
partnients and the shipping board.
The traffic directors of these depart
ments will furnish to railroads definite
information on shipments which they
wish to move prompt!y.
Telegrams of inquiry ftm the mid
dk'west concerning reports of em
bargoes were answered i;h the in
formation that although embargoes
there have not been ot filially sanc
tioned by government administration
authorities, local railroad officials
have power to decline to accept frrUrit
destined for embargoed points or lilies.
Scores of these minor embareoes may
be declared without the specific ap
proval of the railroad administration
and indications were that many would
be put into effect tomorrow.
The contemplated tone system of
coal distribution is based in a plan
prepare.! some months ago by Fran
cis S, Teabody. chairman of the coal
committee of the council of national
defense. The plan is to have each
producing district serve a ptescribed
territory as near to the niin. s as pos
sible, so as to do away with cross
hauling and make transportation rote
economic. Fuel administration offi
cials es'imate that at least CO per cent
cf present hauling (an be discns?J
ith when the scheme is working
propetly.
M.-ny contracts will not expire until
(Continued on Fag? Two)
STEFEXSOX'S GR4XDDA UGIITER TO
DESERT SOCIETY FOR JOURXAL1SM
I .,l"","l"l-'Jll.l'MU I I ll.ne,. p..i M
.Vjv r' . - - -it i
f' - .W.V- '- i.r , . :' : 4
:H;e1vrv wT!N. j i
:.-'5l A -:: !" s i
. - . v - , - T
f . . ;- - 1 j:- i
k.-v,r?- V:- J
iS-)tL
Hiss EUzabeth
All the allurements of society life in Washington are to be pet aside
fcy Miss Elizabeth Stevenson, granddaughter of former Vice President
rA;i!ai Stevenson, and she is leaving the capital to no, net to go to war or
do Red Cross work or to nurse soldiers or to marry one of them, but to
tr.se up a course in journalism. She has been regarded as one of the most
claiming out-of-town girls in the capital this winter and has been identi
fied with the dvbutante set. '
WHEAT AND HAT
GREATEST NEEDS i
OF THE BRITISH
Food Controller Tells Asso-
cialed Press That England
Needs 75,000,000 Bushels
of Wheat This Year.
(Py Review I-eajwd Wire'
LOXDOX. Jau. ;3. Great Britain
cal's upon the United States for 75,
;.,: (.i bushels more wheat.
This was one of the most important
statements nhieh Lord Rhon.lda. the
Itritish tood controller. n:ade in an
interview with the Associated Ftess,
today. The controller described the
f xni shortage in Great Critain as most
serious, tut no such as would be detri
mental to the health of the population
with proper management of supplies. I
He drew a sharp distinction between
the conditio!. in Germany where the
public health, particularly tiiat of
wo'r.en and children, bad been danger
ously undermined by lnck of nutri
tion and ?cni-.-saratioa and where
the working eftectiveness of, the men
had been decreased' 30 per cent, and
in Trent ltrit.;in. In Grtat Itritain.
the s. If denial thus far practiced had
aetur-.Hy improve I the physical condi
tion of the nation.
Will Pull Through.
"With the heip of the I'niteJ States
we shall pu:i through." he declared.
"1 would feel very despondent over
(Continued on Pae Two)
British Labor Party Supports
War Aims of Allied Countries
?r TVvi.-w I.easul YClrrl 1
NOTTINGHAM. Jan. 23. The Bnt-i.-h
labor party today declared its po
sition as regards war and peace. By
a majority of about two-thirds in a
viva voce vote the delegates supported
the war aims program recently pro
mulgated by their executive committee"
which corresponds generally with the
recent utterances of President Wilson
and David Lloyd George, the British
premier.
All amendments suggested by paci
fists were swept aside in favor of a
single resolution of moderate length,
welcoming the utterances of Presi
dent Wilson and Mr. Lloyd George,
and an invitation as put forward to
the central powers to make known
their war aims, as the entente allies
have done.
One amendment, which was downed
with scant consideration, was a pro
posal to eliminate mention in the res
lution of I'resident Wilson and Mr.
Llod George, although the backers
ot it carefully explained that it mas
i
e -
Stevenson.
I
POPFSPLEA
Government of Belgium Sends
Communication to Catholic
Head. Declares Agreerceat
With Allied Nations.
(1!- Review Iasl Wire)
HAVRE. Jan. 23. The Eclsian rov
ernment's terms of peace so fur as
they concern Beigiutn herself, set
forth in her reply to Pope Benedicts
peace note, made public today, are in
substance absolute political, economic
and territorial independence.
King Albert, in enclosing his reply,
wrote a personal letter to the pope
which has just been, published. The
letter follows:
-Very holy father:
"I have taken note, with lively sym
pathy and interest, of the messase
Your HUhness was good enough to
send to the heads of the belliKerent
countries the first of August and have
hastened to submit it to my govern
ment, whocb. has studied it with most
serious and deferential attention. The
result of that afidy has been recorded
in a note which I am happy to com
municate to your holiness.
"In associating myself wiio the
wishes ot the Holy See that a Just and
durable peace may promptly put an
end to the evils from which humanity
and particularly the Belgian people
so rudely tried, are suffering. I beg
lOonnm M on Pnjce Two!
offered in no spirit of unfriendliness.;
but in the belief that the resolution'
would carry more weight with ihe Ger
man and Austria socialists if it avoid
ed Ihe appearance of approving the
acts of "representatives of capitalistic
governments."
One of Features.
One of the features of the day's ,
business was the postponement of the1
proposed change in the constitution,
directing the enroC.ng of brain worke-,
ers and others. This postponement
is not interprted as a defeat but a ,
concession to some of the larger uni
ons, which desired further to consider'
the matter. It is expected that the
widening of the scone of t!e constitu
tion wil Ihe carried at a special con
ference to be held a month from now.;
This annual conference is not mere-;
ly a Ixbor congres. as in the 1'nited
States, but the annual meeting of a
great political party at which the pol
icy and conduct of its representatives
iContinuvd on Fag Two)
FOR
PEACE ANSWERED I
BY KING ALBERT!
N !
iTIIIII OH
ALLIED m
mm
! German Raids, Though Small
j and Local in Character, In
I cUcate Resurrptlon of In
J fantry Activities in West.
With the report ssl amelioration in
the political unrest in AustrfaHun
gary end a continuation of silence as
regards the internal situation in Ger
many, the notable featcre in trie world
war is the apparent resumption on a
somewhat larger, scale of the military
operat.ons on th western front in
France and Bekiam.
Although for the moment these. op-.
erations. viewed from the cold fact.
as announced by the various war of
fices, do not transcend in Importance
the usual small operations by raid'.ng
and reconnoilerins; parties, rva :in be
tween the lir.es of t'le rominuuicatioti
it is r.ot difficult to ee tat the iran
euver? row in prosres of a markod
character.
From the North sea to the Swiss
frontier the lessening In the rijtors o
winter has permitted the belligerents
a (tain to send forth their men in en
terprises which seemincly forecast
the intention shorily to resume f sht
ins activity more extensively.
Big Gun Active.
For weeks the bi tuna alons t.e
entire battle front have been roarinc
in intensive duels on numerous sec
tors, but the infantry has lain id'
owins: to te deep snoa and later t
the morasse which formed as a re
sult of the thaw.
On their extreme r;ht in northern
Belpinm the Germans have rsrril
out an "important raid" and irained a
footing in French alvanced trenches
east of Xieuport. nhile aione nearly
all of the front in Flanders the artil
leries have increased the volume of
their fire.
To the south, around Lens, Arras
and St. Quentin. the fV.tins daily is
irowine in strensth. while eastward
alone the Ohemin des Dames, past
Verdun and thence to the Swi.s poj
der. the French and Germans are con.
tinuously encased on various sector
in artillery fight inc and infantry ac
tivities considerably above the for
mal, as compared with the early d:iys
of the war.
On the front in Italr the chance in
the h'sh command evidently has not
resulted as yet ir: any betterment ot
the strategic positions of the Austro
German armies. From the Asiaen
plateau eastward to fie Fiave river
and thence southward to the Adriatic
sea. tue Italians a'.n have been vic
torious in numerous miner opt rat ions.
Austrian Situation.
The preater p-rtion o( te stnklnK
workmen in Austria are said to have
returned to work, but the situation
both in Austria and liancary h de
clared still to be acute owins to th
desire of the people for peace. In
Germany s'nie trepidation is beinjc
evinrtvl by newspapers of pan-German
leaninjrs over the situation in Austria.
The socialist newspaper. Vorwaerts. ot
Berlin, a.cain has been suppressed, this
tme for announcing the v'.i.Urtty of
the Gercan proletariate wi;h Austrian
labor in the peace struusle. .
British tahor in ctvnference has
acam uphrtd the war aims set forth
by President Wilson and Premier
Lloyd Oreorjte of Great Britain ar.d re.
asserted that it Germany ill not ac
cept them their labor "must fisM on."
PARIS COMMUNIQUE.
(Pv Review 1.essl VI-I
PARIS. Jan. 2i The war office an
nounced tonight that the ground gain
ed by the Germans east of Nieunort
as a result cf a raid this morning was
retaken by the French by a rapid
counter attack.
T.e text of the announcement savs:
"In Belgium there was cannonading
in the Xieuport sector. Tlie eiemr
detachment which penetrated ore bf
our 1 nes Jo the east of Xieuport this
morning was immediately driven out.
"On the right bark of e Mense the
artiilery mas qute active in the sevt.vr
of I? ill S44 and the front of Chatim
mood. At the latter point an enemy
attack, following upon a spirited bom
bardment, failed under cur fire.
"In the period of January l?-?o. 1)
German airplanes mere brought Con.
In addition it is conftrmed that font
Geman machines, reported as havinc
boon sertc.sly damaged in a preced
ing period were in reali'.y brought
down, thus increasing to 1 the num.
her of machines destroyed by OUT
pilots from January 1 to loth."
BERLIN OFFICIAL.
BKRLIX. Jan. 23. via London.
The war office communication issued
todav follows:
"Western, theater: Army of Crown
iContinueU on Two)
3
HIT
I
i TWO
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY MORNING, JANUARY 24, 1918.
POPE'S PLEA FOR
PEACE ANSWERED
4
BY NRG ALBERT S
(Inessentials in British Labor
Freight Banned Supports Aims
Jack Huffaker Is f
Killed, San Pedro J
(Continued on Page iwl
Your Holiness to believe in my filial
and respectful attachment.
t Signed -Albert."
This letter was dated December 27.
117.
The note of the Belgian government
says:
Government's Answer
"Tlie royal government as soon as
Jt received the message of Your Holi
ness to the heads of the belligerents,
fastened to reply that it would study
with the greatest deference the propo-
sure the supremacy of every right ov
er force.
Awaited Other Powers
-At the beginning of September the
royal government informed His Holi-
ness that it must reserve decision re-(
..... c"ontinul from Faa One ! (Continued from P:.k Ot A.mceswere received Here last
coniamea in tne message uu u ine . - , .. evening that John Huffaker. a former
powers at war with Belgium had clear- April and if zoning is established some ' in parliament come np for review and rjjen, pf Bisbee. was1 killed at San
niaue Known ineir war aims, u aaa prov i?K,,, wji tarf to be B1e to care report. TH year, as at laft year IVdrn California, on Tuesdj v evening
ed that in any case Belgium would for them, it is l:kely that aa effort ; conference, the attitude of the party He mjs calkins nonle from'work and
make no pronouncement on general ( vai mde ,0 hift poairacts in such ! toward war was the matter of the most 8tarted across a trestle of the Pacific
peace conditions and the reorganira- . .,rn . :,. k-.k 0. ! general interest and the question on
: Elet'trio Kjilwar shout r.n nVI.-k
tion of international relations except 'tne seuer amj tne tonsun.er will be ; whi-h the party's representatives must and w.us struck "bv an iuterurhan train
in full accord with the powers guaran-:,,,,. stand or fall. The party gave them a , an1 instantly killed. The bodv was
teefng its Independence, that ""ye1 iBCt of less essential industries, it I wholehearted vote of confidence. badly mutilated and was, hurled' more
done honor to their obligations toward ipdicatert todav. will find it hard ! - - than feet into a lumber Yard alonr.
her and whose fight with hers for the
cause of right
to em coal supplies tor many wees
Nothing has modified the itnationlfoeI Jhey hare hmnd escept on
inai exisiea ai me moment iw ro.'J .j, ,,. ..rn.ni
government made known that point , a purred list or consumers auto
of view to Hil Holtnees- "T i matically cur, off shipments to them.
Belgium seizes eagerly the occasion Fff. ,.,,-
famished It bv his Holiness to repeat .. . .!;"v,, Vli.i .,.i,i
. , . . . , . it ' r nH adminisUanoa officials could
before the ctvfliied world what ;w Jod what bwa lhe
Ter W FrM"lt effect or the fire day closing other
- Before the Cennan ultimatum Bel lb tba hlos ,nT a 8UP"
rinm asoired onlr to lire on rood ltl" bnnk- ro' "' Co;'"
sltions the document exposed in such terms with all it's neighbors. She Pnt from household consumers of
elevaUng language. . practiced with scrupulous lovalty to-'. coaI D,T fewer
"At the same time is desired panic- ward earn of thera the duties imposed i Th orply of empty cars to the
bv this neutrality. Pennsylvania wubracite regions was
- How was she recompensed byr!y normal, though the central
Cermanv for the confidence she show-1 Pennsylvania bitumiaojs district got
ed in her? If there is a country that I only about half its usual number,
has the right to say it took np arms to ! Car shortage compelled Indiana mines
defend its existence it assuredly is . U work at 7 per cent capacity.
Cc-al Supplies.
small ENCOURAGEMENT. ! side of the trestle.
Rvw Leawt wi"v I He was about 57 years of age and
NOTTINGHAM. Jan. ZX There bas' to Ariiona from California when
been small encouragement for the cen-j, 8mall boy with his parents and first
tral powers In the proceedings of the j located at Tucson". Later his folks
ularty to express its lively and pro
found gratitude for the interest the
Holy Father manifested in the Bel
gian nation and of which the docu
ment was new and precious proof.
"At the outset of his message the
Holy Father took pains to declare he
Belrioin. She desires passionately 1
had forcedhiTcselftomaintain shrd that an end be brought to the unheard About fifty mines in the Pocahontas
had forced himself to maintain perfect sufferings of its population, but she field cf West Virginia and Virgiaia
equitable reparation and security and
guarantees for the future-
Front Indication
Of Hun Intention
(Continued from Pare One
impartiality toward an the belliger
ents. hkh renders more significant
the judgement of his holiness when
he concluded in favor of the total
evacuation of Belgium and the re-es
tablishment of its full independence ;
and also recognized the right of Bel-' A f iff j
gium for reparation for damages and 'ACtil'tf 1 If II Clt
and the cost of the war. j
Approve Pope's Stand j
"Already in his eonsistorial ellocn- J
tion of January 22. 1915. the Holy j
Father had proclaimed before the
world that he reproved injustice and
he condescended to give the Belgian j
government the assurance that in for-'
mnlating that reprobation it was the
invasion of Belgium he had directly
in view.
The honest people of an countries
will rejoice with the Belgian govern
ment that the injustice of which Bel
glim was the victim and the necessity
for reparation have been proclaimed
and that the highest moral authority
of Christendom remains watchful
amidst fhe passion and conflicts of
mea.
"It was because of the gratitude felt
on this account, which wss augmented
by the rumerous charitable acts of the
Holy Father in favor of so many Bel
gians, victims o? the violence of the
would have kept onlr a peace that I suspended work. West irginia got
would assure her at the same time 'about to thirds its normal car sup
ply and tre Pittsburgh district about
fcalf. Loading in the latter field was
about 60 rer cent normal.
Coal supplies in Ohio and Indiana
ior domestic use and commercial pur
poses were reported very low but
prospects were said to be bright for
improvement within a day or two.
The movement to Michigan and Chi
cago was far better than in previous
days and meat and livestock moved
eastward in considerable qoantiie to
day. j The dumping cf coal at tidewater
. . . I was particularly retarded today at
Prince Rupprecht: On neartr 'the , am R ,
hoie of the Flanders front the mrtn-t" "" " . J , , ...
Weather
reported
British labor party. TTie leaders of
the party show a strong determination
to support the war as the only meSrls
r,r nhtiininr a democratic peace, and
moved to the San Pedro river below
Benson near Tres Alamos where thev
resided for a number of years. He
came to the Warren District about fif-
ln this they appear to have the loyal teen years ago and was employed by
support of a majority of the delegates, j the copper Queen Company and was.
Each delegate has been given a cir- j a shift boss for a number of years at
cular entitled "British Labor's War j the Holbrook. When Stewart Hunt
Aims" which was a copy of the mes-;waa elected sheriff of the county he
sage sent to Russia n the name of the j appointed Huffaker as jailor and he
British labor a few days ago. This and his wife went to Tombstone to
message Is the keynote of the wiole live tor a cottple of years. They re
present policy of the labor party. Its turned to Bisbee and he again entered
war aims show no very great diver-! the employ of the Copper vjueen coni
eence from the statements by Presi ' pany. They left here about four years
dent Wilson. Premier Lloyd Geonte J ago for Los Angeles where they have
anl otter allied statesmen. j since made their home. He was mar-
The pacifist minority mill make ried in this city to Miss LiiUe Lucan
strenuous efforts to win over the con-, some fifteen years ago. She was here
ference during the discussion of 11 i from the east to visit "friends and met
resolutions dealing with the question I him and .they were married. They
of peace but there Is no reason to be-1 owned three houses on Quality Hil! up
lieve that the conference will go any unui a year or so ago. n-u ion uis-
distance with them.
Wilson a Proohet
President Wilson figures as one of
the labor party's prophets. In the
posed of them. He was a member of
the local order of Odd Fellows and
while in this city was a very active
member. The lodge was notified of
his death and will take steps to have
;'oors7.th
. ic conditions a Norfolk were
iuua as a,u u iui tuau; jaa
, for lack of coaL
"Near St. Quentin. a great number ; and nuinber of were he;d
oi enemT priuners wrrr oi uutui iu
as the result of successful reconnais-i
ances.
"Army of the German crown prince:
North of Sonajn and northeast of
Avocourt, there were attacks by the
French after strong artillery pre para
up
GOTHAM NEEDS CCAL.
Bv Rpriew Leased Wire!
NEW YORK. Jan. 23. Persistent In
his demands' that the federal fuel ad
ministration take stens to increase
tioas. The enemy was beaten back In . shipments to New York city. A.
violent hand-to-hand fighting. Our in-, H jjin, swte fuel administrator,
fantry detachments penetrated the tonUht sent another telegram to Dr.
enemy, that the royal government has enemy's trenches east of Malancourt .Harry A. Garfield, "begging recon
examined into the possibility of con- and returned with many prisoners gjderation"" of suggestions previously
tributing in the measure depending Between Beaucourt and Ornes the ar-j d , sueedin nn shinments and
tillery acuvity increased in the eve-jnnloadine mt do.k Mr Wigin siid
upon it toward the raliztr.g of the doa
ble desire which inspires the pontifi
cial message to hasten the nd of the
present war and render a return of
similar catastrophes impossible by the
adoption of guarantees destined to as-
ning.
REVIEW WANT ACS
. BRING RESULTS
" x c-te x
( 'J0.iM
there had been "a slight improve
' menf in the situation because of the
industrial closing order, .despite the
bad weather, but added ft at the fed
era! administration had not granted a
: single request made during the last
i five days by his oTfice.
! Reev Schley. New York county fuel
i administration, said that few if any
taotories were closed today oa ac
count of lack of fu?l. He added that
hospitals were being provided for
and that apartment houses were in
better condition.
"I would not be optimistic enoush
to say that anyone in need of coa!
can get it." be said, "but it is sale
to say that anyone in actual need,
such as a family where a member is
ill, ran secure fuel through us."
nnTin Mcfnn trvar hi rame was
mentioned no less than six times, in j the order in San Pedro take charge of
.kw in Niniwti-inn with his re-. tne ranerai.
cent war aims speech, which was de
scribed as essentially the same point
of view as the British labor party's.
The fraternal delegate from thej
French socialists gained hearty ap
plause when he said: j
"President Wilson has declared on j
behalf of the common people of the;
whole world the terms, whirh the com-1
tnon people want. This statement has . .. " " .v,T.
been Vgreed to br everr all-ed govern- j rent that .
Commission in
Report on Law
tContinued from fase Onrl
special stud of
hours or efi'i-
i. .i.- . . .vt. .ini, . sion to unaerxaKe a
" ... Iui ' ' the effect of reduced
UUUIUO . IUC iTllllcU Ktivriuuiuo t , , rf ,
silenu but their reenle, are restless i f'- can make "
and disturbed, and before long they.l" how much the percentage of In
too. must com; into agreement." c"e ,n. tabop st f own for the
Hender, Move Reso.ution. C" "Ttxn.H.nr
Mr. Henderson moved what he de-L ,nhroad 'r6", C,Uae(!,Ptrv,rn
scribed as a "pecae resolution." This sno,rn mc 's mrked ,chhans?
welcomed .heatement, of Premier! operation, but considering the re-
Lloyd George and President Wilson in-, 1
service the actual time of engineers
. on duty is from 12 to 13 hours per
and considerably less in the
j . .... i south and west, the report shos. In
their aims and proved thai ..... . , . - . . . ,K
, ,. xth slew and fast freight service the
rded with the roarniiicent . . , . . , . . .
Pay $
25 now for
such clothes as we sell and you make a substan
tial savirg over what you would have to pay
for such good clothes later on.
Notice, Please-
we are carefal to distinguish the kind of clothes; there
ill be cheap clo'hes on sale later as there are no ; but
tliey mill be cheap in everything as well a price.
Such quality as you can buy now in
a
KUPPENHEIMER
CLOTHES
will be much higher later on than it is now.
For that reason ihc value is greater now. Our
assortments arc iu excellent shape: Su.ts and Overcoats.
i
I
MURPHY ISSUES WARN
ING OF HUN ATROCITIES
peated statement of representatives
sofar as they harmonized with the war . ul w ." L CI ,Z "Z
aims of the British labor movement: ,d, not ffed ehl
called upon the .Hies to formulate ; boT ,b replies of the carriers
teir war aims at the earlest possible t wert t wrprwiiw in reveal
moment and approved arrangements ' in5 iiundred. of instances of an actual
being made for an inter-allied confer-' horten,n8 of the hours of road em
ence to he held in London on Febru- plo'ft ...
Mr. Henderson In supporting his i
resnlntinn said that neae con Id never
. . . n .v. run
IIV UI HUE 111 IMIUl HUiM ' i 1 -
had ststed
.l.-iu - H U IMC " i - . . .
statement or aims of President Wilson, j -"P." ru..u.5 u.,
James Ramsey MacDonald. socialist i H. .. , ., . ,K . ,-
and labor member of parliament, who fPmn? ?ut ,he.
seconded the resolution said they mus, ' ?r h J11 daf is PProv
have an international conference of, 12 one-half miles an hour,
the working classes to obtain a set- ,h concludes:
tlement 1 A railroaa "t1" speed up all t'.;e
After an attack bv R .W. WiUiamsJ fre!Bhht trains, 1Jd KhaU mn-?
or the transport workers, cn the gov- and n,our' cl"dmS de'ays ,n-r "ni
ernment for refusing passports for . lh-. But by close atten-
Stockholm. tbe resolut.on nnani-. Iw? ,0,th,f pf,,b!etn ?f reducing delays
mouslv adopted. I and Wltn mcentne the coo-
r I uitions as to hours of work, road train
I service can be improved to meet local
i conditions."
By Review Leased Wire)
mined in the north. Belgium wrecked.
WHEAT AND MEAT
GREATEST NEEDS
(Continued from Page Or
REPUBUCANS FAVOR
A BUREAU HEAD
tCouiinued from Page Onei
the position if the I'nited States had i
r.r r,.r.; .v,wii. a-,. come mio tne war. DC! i i nave un-
with Russia crumb! and disorgan" d I IH" '?Uh in TO"r abai'v 8n'3 refer the Mil also to the naval affairs
prooieTii. , . . , j- -. .
The war will be won bv England. r resaruuvg s et-
it is a test of endurance between Eng-.
to live except as Gera'anv said that I " utnmuj. e are i.a.
the world should live. In time sae ' where t"nanv s tvo ;T8ri.co- M
ie no iear oi lanure on ine iigiuing
line."
and an absolute nrev t the devilish I " ' nelP os worK oul ,ne PtODieTli.
mechanism and ingenuity of Germany.
would cross the ocean and throw her ;
VI Pit n 1 1 1 i t rv r.4 n r 1 ntr a. a-ii:
us. If we can t beat her now whiie' Lord K0! snoke on the most
fighting ith our allies, we can never
expect to beat her singly handed. I
"An Fnglish woman told me that j
when there was a threat of a German j
invasion, the women carried poison
about them to save themselves from .
what they would face if German troops
landed."
t 'mrortsnt factors of the food uestion
Stunt Night at
YBig Occasion
Concerning Whevi.
"Despite the sain of some
j CO'i ten in the consumption of all
: cereals during the four months eni-
ing December 31st. as compared with
jthe same period in 1916. the possibil
i ity of a shortage is so threatenin: that
! cheat will be milled In the Tr-itee"
' Kingdom up to 90 per cent extraction,
increasing the use a' diltttetits 1') per
cent.
feet on the navy.
Factions Confer
Democratic Leader Martin conferr-
. ed with leaders of bo:h factions nnd
j also with several prominent Repuhli
: can senators. A futile effort was made
to dissuade Senator Chamberlain from
i making his speech.
Beyond formal reference of the war
cabinet bill to the committee, no act
ion is expected tomorrow and to
' check discussion it is planned to a.l-
Journ the senate at the close of the
day until Monday.
j The White House gave out this tel
egram received by the president from
former Representative John J. Fitz
gerald, who was chairman of the house
appropriations committee:
"Investigation during entire session
ending October 9th demonstrated or.
ftuut ciht at the Y. M. C. A
nighshrdl shrdlu sfcrdlu shrdlu shrd
evening drew an enhusiastie crowd
cf nearly J"0 peofie. The S o'clock
club pUted tne 5 o'clock club live,
fifteen pcint games of olley ball. Al!
three games were captured by the
5 o'clock club. Cap-i,in t'obbe and
Capti-fn 0en each have good teams,
but Optain t'otbe's team seemed to
. "The nse of potatoes in bresd-niak-
n will IAAnwA ukmioaw Tn'ontr a .....
, -in ir. vp... aenui results accompusneu ov war cle
per cent of potatoes may be used. Even partment under great difficulties. Oiv
last then It will he imno.-csible to make
both ends meet, unless we get at least the war graphically pictures accom
75.0".0" bushels of wheat from the pltshments. Officials' desire and shoul.l
I'niteH States in the nxt few months have encouragement an l syirnnthy
in addition to viheit has already been rather than be hamiered by constant
evported to Jannary l. nagging and criticism"
"It Is vital that shipments shall be .
acce lerated to the utmost. TheT mu-jt TWQ SINKINGS COST
tons per niorth. As a means toard
lie the best on this occasiou. The nriT, hu i..-.t h.rtK- we'romc
lasketball game mhuh was the fifth news of Mr. Hoover s wheatles-,
tarn? of the tournament was played meals.
between tne fcih schooi laiu:ty anj -The snpptv of bacons, hams and
the high school alumni. The score iard is so short that January ship
was 54 to y) in favor oi the faculty. ments nnw In sicht are scarcely li :e!y
Oliver Brown as the referee. B to be enoush to fill the army's ret)jir--iween
halves Jack In1rum and Bett ' mcnts for this month, clvi'ians m ill
NEARLY 1,000 UVES
Cv r..-v..-m- ., ;.--l W-m
10't-:. j.iri - iv t,ie l:Vn!
" to stvaners y 'he rn-'vr tn the
X'eH'erranein h-t th-ee erii. aco.
TH lives ere lost. It a a.tnmnced
todsv.
Mcrse enetrtalaed the crwd ith a
fast three but wr'stlia; n::t-h. Web-'
brr wts the rleree a id deci-ed t!e
match a draw. The lh.;s put up a
-;ool exhibi'ion. I'iil!.: !n; the bisce'-
prra'v have to g- wi'hout
On fte subject of meat ;enrs!.
l.oM Rhondria said:
Figa-es on Meat
-r-rro ise-l on 'r.r i':- h'r f
t; r.
:! f
ball game was a wre'linj nistch be-.rat'le In the rM.p-T te lin'c
een Eoi l'Ml!Jer and Art Stran- likely to be available lor inipo'ted
berg. They went for three bouts of h"f pd rn"": 'v the vei-. s'-o-.v
tiveir inutes e?ch ?nd put up an ex- that there li r in h a dMi'S'n
rl'et exhibition. McAMter wou one rf netr'y ?fl p.r iot the civihaa
fall In tm inn'es. .e other two simply c- n n"e-; i'h list year. We
seers o! h vtr? i'ic . 1 ,
nase difficulties rivVo t' i Nf
e ;hr;ll he ah'e t- m t o
v ra-i at a KIf v "iH pc ",
T! " sM'ii- rf ;e tn -r
n.l r .-! are a" very s"-o-t
""s prevail i!iii est t;io
try."
ii "i;--;at'" -r, o( h' s'.it t ei- j
-!il:nt lVh"!H -f t 'e . s c-fv . ! r
Khondda cited the fi.t t 'at t : 1 -. s 'f
an I
i-ci'in
botits "vere a
he ref-ree.
rluded by a
tout Mwr
ra. Mr. Wehher was
The pri;am ai con
fas; an.I f :rio-is toxint
Johnnie H.ihes aud
Meyers. Ianks refereed the niatrli
and all were ell pteied i'h the e-hibitifn.
must rly tin Vr. Hoover's niea'1
0 . i 0 jmn.)r.
"The butcher is only a'iowed to have
Vi r- o.iii it Ih. s-i;.i.;ie; he i.s
P sed of in tV toher Ian. and m'ai
iu-ies are the natural reuii.
'V. ilh ti;sr. roll j.ii!j- i rtU'ninc
?n the I'ntted Kin-d.im t e thi-,i
nutter of l'1: fr. J r-r ii"l
es than " 1U. a-H V e d a h r'"
"nicij cMVren ? :". !ts. t's
a larr- fraci:cn cf e no f'il
members of tve po. ul.it -:i sbrM-1 i:i
'he anuies.
I
i y ii f.ra-
mmmsm
(Arizona Oil & Rerining Company's Standard Rig and Equipment Esti
mated to Be Wortn JCO.OOOXW)
DRILLING
OPERATIONS
STARTED
Important Announcement
The starting of drilling the building of bunk houses
the completing of the buying of the company's equip
ment and its arrival on the ground the completing
of the financing of the company MEANS
100 Advance
For the Shares of the ARIZONA OIL & REFINING
COMPANY.
The General Securities Investment Corporation wish
to announce that any day'the shares of the Arizona Oil
& Refining Company will be advanced from 5c their
present selling price ( 5c down and 5c when oil Li struct
in commercial quantities) to 10c I00rr ADVANCE
(10c down and 10c when oil is struck in commercial
quantities.) as only a limited number of shares remain
unsold in this allotment. x
TKIS MONTH will positively close the offering of
the shares to the public at 5c per share down and 5c per
share when oil is struck in commercial quantities. Any
further offering that will be made after the first of the
month will be at not less than 20c per share ( I Oc down
and 1 0c when oil is struck in commercial quantities).
The company will make immediate application for
listing of their shares on the New York Curb.
This announcement not only appears in the Arizona
papers, but it appears in papers circularizing in every
state in the United States. Fully 75.000 circulars are
beir.g mailed, giving the facts about this unusual com
pany. The company with no promotion stock the
company with no pool stock the company with a per
mit issued by the Arizona Corporation Commission.
This 100"; ADVANCE will be announced by us
seme day this month and there are only a few days in
this month.
You have all the particulars in reference to this
organization you have seen the five geologists reports
on the field you know that the Honorable David F.
Johnson the state treasure of Arizona is handling the
furds of the company you know that the Arizona
Corporation Commission granted a permit for the com
pany to sell the shares.
If vou wart to take advantage of this opportunity
a 100r; OPPORTUNITY. Yur reservation at
once. Don't wait until the opportunity has passed.
General Securities Investment
Corporation
Phoenix, Arizona,
BISBEE OFFICE. SASSE'S, MAIN STREET.
STRONACH & BARNARD, Agents.
: S Cents Now and AGREEMENT 5 Cents When We Strike Oil I
? GKNKRAL. Sl.Vl 'KITIES INVESTMENT CORPORATION.
r.nx T44. Phoenix. Arizona.
IXite
.11 -
1 hervhy rn.ike a .ration !or ar.d asree to purvoose .
shares of the Capit il S:o k of Arlioma Oil and Refiuinr fforaaaay
J ot 1 rents p-r share, payable $ cents per share now and balance
; of So r r share hen oil is i .sooverej and pnxluee4 ia paying
u.:-"i? es by the Company, he:nc antler no obligation to pay bal-
srre of 5 com per iare i;rt:I production condition has been ful
: f iled.
I en.'loe hT0i'h 5 us I Pull Prtl patnent tor same.
I '.iL.ti t $ . pay lie ahove.
S'jned -
A.Mres
S;ate .. .
All
h,vt are to be male tviyahle to the General Seourit
Ir.vesunei't l'onnit'oil
ruritie
BK J THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY MORNING, JANUARY 24. 191 S.
THREE
!
Mining and Financial News
BY REVIEW LEASED WIRE.
V "EVEN AS YOU AND i" PLAYS TiYO DAYS AT I
i CENTRAL THEATRE, FEATURING LOIS WEBER !
NEW YORK. Jan. 3. The stock
market drifted aimlessly today, a firm
opening being succeeded by irregular
declines, these in turn, givtne to a
penenl rally. with yet snoUier set
back toward the close.
The final reversal came on the heels
cf Secretary McAdco's statement Be
fore a congressional committee in
which he again urged prompt action
cn landing railroad legislation, wiia
direct reference to its bearing upon
future government loans to be Iloat
ed rv the end of the t:scal year.
0'"-er Washington developments
which served to unsettle the market;
Included the extension or the freight
etnbareo of ma in tens nee of the exist
ing price schedule on corper metal
by the irar board.
Specialties comprised a very large
pi-rt of the day's limited dealings,
pools continuing their activity m
speculative issues while rails and
rr any other standard stocks were lg
iu red or moved within narrow limits.
Industrial conditions, especially the
production of finished iron and steel,
were further aggravated by the freignt
bl-jckade. according to trade authori
ties. United States steel was again
the most active issue of the day. los
ing a point on persistent pressure.
Sales amounted to 4"rt.000 shares. ;
The bond market was irregular.
Lifcertv V sold at 9S.2S to 9.1.
frs- rs st 97.IS to 96.SO. and second
4 s at SS.32 to 9i-24. Total sales, psr
vz'ue. $4,275,000. United States ol-J
2 s td registered 4 s advanced and
co-rpen 4'si on call.
North P-t:e ..
X:;.
O'd roTi;:n!.n ..
Oreo1:. .. . . ..
Fcnk Creek . . .
Cc:ncy
Pav Con
She t tuck
Shannon
ft. i r: -s .. ..
up rior Pcs'on
Ut.-.b Cmper ..
T'h ( ta. .. ..
Winona
G3A!N MARKET.
CHICAGO. Jan. 23. Corn rose in
va'.ue today, influenced more or Kss
by tte fact that receipts altnougn
fair were not as liberal as a majority
cf traders h?d expected. The mar
Vet d:sed firm 'iw W to' 1M, net
higher, with March and
f 1.24 to T. Oats ra:ned lr to
lVc. Provisicns finished at a range
varying frr?ra 3s decl!:i? to an ad
vance cf ICc.
Gwics to disappointment over the
ccrru'ra'ivc si aHness or arrivals and
to fresV etom-iic ln:s of car scarcity,
the January delj.ey of frim trends:
the h-isbes: price jet this season.
Mt-in-.hJi. elevators and industries
wrre ft? ruyers of casi corn hers,
and forecasts pointed to colder weath
er with stiow in many sections. Al
together the outlook did not seem
prcmMna for any accumulation or
suptlics. notTithstandingr that as a
lesrlt c' traffic cenrestion and the
ordc-in of tew embareoes. corn ship
ments out of Chicago to the east were
very small
Rumors of large sales of oats to tie
sealiorad tad much to do w;:h thd
strength of tte cats ctrket. Export
ers at Tfe!riTsore were bilding at
the. iicaest basis, thus fax on the
CTOP,.
Provisions made only transient up
turns in response to a falling off la
arrivals of bogs. The temporary
b:;!;e led to rfaliz-'n-
CURBS.
Arkansas f: Arli- na ..
Austin
Ariz-na Silver Xin.z ..
Fig Led-e .. . . .. ..
Butte & London . . .
Cal'.imet & Jerome ..
( orr.era
Ccn. .Arizona
Con. Copper
Curtiss
Penn
p-j'.idee
Fmn.a
Federal OH
Gad.-den
G. Monster
G. Island
Hu'l
Howe Sound
Herla
Inspiration N't-dl's . .
Jeron'.e Verde
.terotne Vic; or
Magma Cr.prer
Vacn a Chief
Miarr.i Con.
Magr.ate
Fi:ts;urrh Jerome .. .
Ray Kerc
Snta Rita
Tens TvP-i
TT-.-'-irri1
United Eastern .. ..
Verde Fttfnsicn .. ..
Verde Cctntiuat'on ..
West End
Wclvtrine Arizona ..
White Cans
Wrrht Marin
14",
4U
f
71
T
1C
5
54
3
11
-is:
if-
4-4
: i: '--r. l :.
V
EDROFE KEEE3 FCOD
Food Adrr.Inistraten Declare It U an
Absolute i n to Wsate Food Feed
Has ti.-ame Sacred.
Scene from "Even ss You And I, appearing at ti e Central tHestrc,
l-.;
Pominick Cariilo and his gentie iVcm. send? a hj-rry hy nr.ine at C!o.
12 jwife S' lma. besin tl :ir married lise teutifl. fa-hiocable dressed girl.
36 j with- high ideals a:;u nct le purpor-e pot- f;r la::;!o a an :uu;e oi
3li' even as vou and 1. Their s-ais ! ust.
3 i vjar.la and prote-.irr. crd the tiree
1-16 iiatues made by Dot;::n"ck Youth.
11-1-i.Love jnl Honor. These they cterisn
S::nJ dftermiae never to part vnia
"7 itLe;;i. This is. in part. t':e -ynopsia
7-16. rf "Hrren cs you rrd I" isrhicli appears
4 Th'jrsdav and
Eurrpe Is stiil S:-n an Insistent
call for n. r locd. V.e mnst send it
It it.e iir l to ;o ca eilioiea-ly. If
we at it ail ;;: ::t it, a;nl
the fiHxl iu:':.i:r.t;on lias alraIy
tr!t-.l to -H'lurv liiiw much th.it ulieat
is otel'd ly !'ti'if wlio will starve it
l hi1- !u not set it. the fwnl administra
tion st;;--s.
-For the least Mt of heei'.iessn.-ts
on o:ir pirt til f'l iiuiservBtimi smiie
ime sme!torr' In the vorM ni;:st suf
iar privatiin." an o.ii.-ial statt-im-ct
iiti-lrt-. "Tl'o fcxl atlmitiis'ration
bas uaistereil the pnilil.'iii of Ameri
ca's fiHHl in s::vh a ay tl.nt every
oiim-e f f'Xnl ni.sr-el and ke;t in
the curn-i.:s i.f !n !e g k-s to an eii.i'iy
toiniich hi K':r;H.
"It is :-.n al-s;l.i;e s!n to waste food.
Food lu:s Ix-coine s;n-r.'t.
-Food t:ii;;:is Iif-: It means some
body's life, and yoa cannot esca;e re
sporiiM'.ity. "Tlier Is no wrste of food aaicn
the allied nations."
Fii'allv. Cl.o Js rcwardird. ."rr w:t1
r serr-cunfs she covn-'rs Toiin-j
i'k's t.o-,0"-. Fu: love is- spes her. j
Senia ha witn.'SJol the passionate
stene beten Dtui'rick ar.d CIco a:;.l
suddtiily fal"s tc the ficor. unrocsct-;
Friday at the Centra! ous. HurVxs tie harpy from h:::i. her;
1-15
fl
95 I
35 j
hcatte. i-cshaiui gui'uily ra'se? her and !a"i
He! 1 gently a'cof by their idealism, her on the couth. Lo'ing there, weak
the voung scu'5.tor end his iie are and ill. she listens ta Suaa. He t!:;-
but Elien figures in their t'.:e sc.:!ptor that money has Cried ,
.my tears of fair ones and asks hire 1
y he doesn't give his ioveiy wifui
.ictim of Jacques. ;n lnp cf Sa;aa. r-ome cf the luxuries' due her youth j
, 1 eloved
! P-cheir!;
n world, in
and his wife.
ihich are cn ar
"te. Wii'e is the
i "vith whom she is aiways f;irt:ng.
s! Satrn broods n.J'.-h of u:e tiir.e be
6S ?a.!se of the pt-rfect leve of Seln:a
IVs'rnd r.imiciik for though he has cr-7-l
t'erej the Imp to break in upon this
armony the
Aad Satan.
1 24 .
!tnr has ic::ea.
haviog i'ailed to
and besuty. And so honor is sole! j
to the devil. ;
With honor gone. Love's vigilance j
released. Month has no protection.;
Dr'ruiniok h.s become a srat drinker;
rnd new tries to work under the in-j
iuer.c? of liquor !ai!ing miserably. I
CORN Mr.y. 1 :
CATS May. 75: 77.
COTTON Jsnra-y. 30.65
30.e?-6
OATMAN
(Cr CoVin i Hretherton)
Argo
'drms
Arizona Rex
rircra Tom R. .. ..
GcH Cre
Go":d Kcad Eon&nza .
iir'd eed
;-ii c:ifr
I.uiky i5oy .. .. r.
Stircyside .. .. .. ..
Teliurida ..
Torn Rred
Fnitet! Eatem .. ..
rnirei Northern .. .
Vrited Wesern .. ..
fled Uon
.or
.02
.rs
.04
.02
.02
.'7
.$1
3.S5
.09
C2
5 ICARNEGIE HERO
MEDALS TMV-
m IN NUMBERi
; Ia saved Earl Byers from suffoca-1
!tion at McKeesport. Pa.. Oct. 13. 117. j
; Charles O'Hara. 105 Fifth Avenue. I
; McKeesport. Pa., attempted to save
i Gecrge Vnknic from suffocation at Me-'
.05
.U5
.4.lj
.o:i
OTHER CURBS.
1.S7
METAL MARKET.
NEW YORK. Jrn. 23. L-ad firm.
srt 7.12 bid; spelter quiet; spot
East St. Louis delivery 7.73 to S.iU.
Par sliver 87 .
COTTON MARKET.
X. .W YORK. Jan. 23. Cotton clos
ed steady at a net decline of five to
14 points.
.. JO
.. .56
.. .05
.. .o9
.. .OS
NEW YCRK.
Clcsirg Quiizt'.nz. Jai-.ary 23,
(Ty L. J. O.e-!ok.)
Anaccnda
Arr.eticsn Can
American Car
American Locomotive
American Smelter
American Sugar . . -. .
Paldwin ..
Eeth E.
C. i- O
C.V.f- I
rtnilan Pacific
Central Lather
Ciu'-iMe '. .
Di-'iliers
Eri"
Gccdrich
General Motors
Icdas'rial Alcoao!
Lacks r anna
Marine
Marin" V.i
MiJvaSe
Mexican Pe"rc'eun
New Ycrk Central
Northern Paciiic
Reading
Rubber
Republic Steel
Studebaker
Steel
Steel Pfd.
St, Paul
Southern Pacific
Sinclair .. .. .
Teas OH
I'n'on Facitic
r. s. v
West In. hoi'se
1S13.
'S
36
71
55
M
li'7''i
73-,
51 -s
33
6
53S
37
14
4'Jr
112
75 U
23
43
Sl-S
72S
54 U
74
IS
no
41H
hi
33'g
. 149
111V,
45',
3!J-h
j f.'Asir-n
Cren Monster .. ..
toitt? Lr-ndm .. ..
Dundee . . . .
Venture Hill
Pittsburgh Jerome .
-Ter-p-e Verde .. ..
Ark-Arizona
.'et-ni? Portland ..
'Tsrir5,t:cn Nee:l!es ,
Hull Copper 36
Magma Chief 31
WolTerine-Ariiona 1.G0
''rml 'Ter l.od .. ... ..
Verde Cr.ribinr.ticn 62
Miami Consolidated 04
, , Ht FtifNe f-p-,(r .......
. Bu'te Arizona
:.Terone Iiisy
j Nseorr: Coi
' Verdo Apei
Caiurcet & Jerome 1.06
.or'
.if j
.S3'
3. Si
.38-l.Ts"i
!
Keesport. Pa.. Oct. 13. 1?17. 1
Christopher L. Williams. 34 Frank-!
I lin Street. Dayton. O.. saved Marie Mo-'
j ra bee. aged four, from probable death '
! in runaway at Dayton, O., August 26. !
1S16.
Chartes A. Stamper. Grata. Kr. as-!
sisted in attempt to save William P.I
j Manor, aged 36. and Bailer G. Hall, i
i aged. 23. miners, from suffocation In i
Inline at Grati. Ky September 16. 1916
Silver Medals
Carrie M. Combe. 503 Belnap street.!
j San Antonio. Tex., saved Cora S. Oe- j
; den and Homer T. and Josenhinn
wer Wilson and attemntevl tn c,r ihr !
racU: in nineleeu cases bronco , fro hurBfn!; at San Anton!o !
-:jv.ji:s. Ten of the heroes lost their jxeK March "6 1916. i
l.vts and the depen.ienu of nine of j corge L. Brunn. deceased. First!
ttusa received pensions aggregating , StreeC SL Maries Haho died - ,
fi.ot;v a year. In addition to these temotine to save rtoV- trcini
$2. Km) was nin from rimini.nv c .i Ji :
. ....... ...vnu(i;v -'i. ir, ivictuu.
WAR BREAD COSTLY T3
ERITiSH GOVERNMENT
Every year the Kritish government
pays JAtAKJ.AH) toward the cost t
that nation's war breai. That is the
principal reason why English bread
prices are lower today to the consumer
than in America. Incidentally tha
Lritish bread is much poorer than the
American.
Great Britain has taken over all
home grown gra!n. busht at an art-i-trary
price, and all imports! heat
Nought in markets of the world at pre
vailing prices. This Is fimeil over to
the miils by the government at a price
that allows the adulterated war bread
loaf of four pounds to soil at IS cents.
The two pound laf cis;s 9 cvnrs. and .
the ene p-md loaf slls for 3 cents
In niili'.nt;. however. 14 rer cent,
more flour Is extracted from the wheat
than in America. And there Is a coiti
pulsory adulteration of "JO per cr.t. '
and an allowable adulteration of oJ
per cent j
Compared with American .bread, the
BritUh prtwlct is only about Gj per i
cent, pure at Its best. '
la France, under conditions ttome
what similar, but wi:h a larger extra
Hon. the four pound loaf sells for 16
cents.
PITTSBURG. Jan. 23.' Twenty-six
acts cf heroism were recognized by
the Crricgid Hero Fund Commission
in its lourteeata annual meeting here
todr.y.
In seven cases silver cieda!s
JLMEEIC.4S SAYINGS WILL
MEASURE WEEAT EXPORTS ,
.13 icocsy grants, in two cases
ripi'ii.r.ated tor educational purposes Vav '6 1917
j a ;:.ats to be made as needed and j Arth,ir HenrT, deceased. 735
r p v-jved; and in eleven cases awards . Coles ATeBne Chicago. Illinois, died
:.3rre3iting Js.W) were mp.de for oth-attenlptinfr to saT. MmIp H
c- -..orthy purposes Payment ii,nd Tom J. McLean from drowning ,t
iirj m uoi iujuc uum me Morgan Park. Minn. Jalv 1
iciries' plans for the use of the. Medal and wr,4 tn
awar.s;
Commission. M-d
the following:
Bronze Medals
1S17. :
have been ai proved by the; George W. Weidnrn dece?s-f 711;
.u HS street. Buffalo. X. Y did saving)
one or more of about twentv-one men ;
! from an evnlnsion at 'Riiffln X" v I
William J. Norton. 60? Gnnther St, 1 APril 30- I'i"- Medal and awards to ;
Saa Antonio. Tex., saved Glenn B. W5ow and children.
Daniel Thomas, deceased. 550 Peck-;
ers Court. Scranton. Pa., died at-1
tempting to save Joseph Stepanica. :
EAT BIG MEALS! NO
SOUR, AGIO STOMACH
INDIGESTION OR GAS
.10
- l Reese froai electric shock ai Austin.
-- i Tex, March 24. 1916.
50 P Wjvne Cooiwr Sni;th PArtcmnnth
-4-!Ky, saved Roberta M. Reeder. aged and Joseph Regne from suffocation at!
J5-three, from being killed by a train at ! Scranton. Pa Dec. 16. 1916. Medal
1.12, Beattyville. Ky, Oct. 1. 1916. end awards to widow and danrhter. :
John E. Armstrong. 50 Riverside At-j George V. Smith, deceased. 201!
enae. Santa Cruz .Cal, saved Sarah Young Street. San Antonio. Tex, died j
J. Gale, aged fifty-six. from drowning helping to save D. Frank Pugh. from i
at Santa Crux. CaJ, Oct. 13. 1914. suffocation at San Antonio. Tex, April
William G. Kershner. 41S Daniels ! 14. 1917. Medal and award to his moth
; Place. Akron. O, attempted to save er. !
j William U .Barrett from drowning at i James F. Stroud, deceased. Silsbee. j
Palestine. v. a Feb. S. 1917. Tex, died attempting to save George
Homer W. Carson. 1634 Eleventh V. Smith from suffocation at San An-
"We tare alrcatlv exported the
whole cf the snrri!!: cf the 1?17 wheat
harvest, over and aNve the normal de-
mends of our own population. It is
tecessary. therefore, for the food ad
ministration to restrict export of her.t
so as to retain In the United States
sufficient supplies to carry our own
people until the next harvest.
"Therefore all exports of wheat
from now forward are limited entirly
to volume of saving made by t.ie Amer
ican peple In their consumption of
wheat and wheat products. j
"We continued wheat shipments for '
Deceni!er as far as our situation al- ;
lowed, but even with ail the conserva
tion made we m-ere still unable to load
several hundred thousand tons of ftxxl- '
stuffs urgently required by the allied
nations during the month of December
alone." 1
HERBERT HOOVER.
WHEAT-CORN YEAST BREAD.
Tape's Diapepsin' is quickest,
surest stomach relief
known Try it!
Avenue. W, Eugene. Ore, saved Law
rence R. Parks, aged ten. from drown
ing at Springfield. Ore, June IS. 1916.
Joseph L. Pilkenton. Brodbead. Ky,
saved Vivion B. Albright, aged five,
from being killed by a train at B rod
head. Ky, April IS. 1916.
John y FraKlpr 3(1 Snmmr CtrAAl
Tiie it! Pspe's Diapepsia will Lynn. Mass, rescued J. Lee Reardon
sweeten a sour, gassy or out-of-order ' from a runaway at Lynn. Mass, Aug-
stOTnach within five minutes.
If your m!s dont fit comfortably,
cr whet you eat lies like a lump of
nst 6. 1915.
I James L. Wood. 26 Colberg Avenue.
! Rosiindale. Mass, saved an unidenti-
tonio. Tex, April 14. 1917.
- - 4
i.
You've Been Earning
For Years?
Hzs il cost ycu every dollar of it to live? .
These am pertinent questions, but the man who
answers tl.eir. honestly to himself will feci the time
has cent: to start a Savin 53 Account with this bctr.k.
save for the future r.nd get 4 per cent Interest.
ThCk it Over!
CITIZENS BANK & TRUST COMPANY
?.Piir. Slrect Bishee, Arizona
n-TTCH
n n II IL T
Mi W'
Identify yourself with a Strong Bank
ine Institution by starting an account wnh
us, subject to check.
We five courteous, painstaking atten
tion to E ERY depositor small as well
as large,
BANK WITH US.
Bisbee Dye and Cleaning
TKCNE 2S6 WorfivS PHONE 295
GpposUe Bisbee Auto Comptny, Upper Main SL
BIGGEST
BUSIEST
BEST
Service, Sincerity and Quality
Let Oar Slogan Ee Yours
COFFER QUEEN HOTEL
AND HIGH CLASS CAFE
The best of everything at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 60c luncheon daily. Ako $1.00 dinner from
5 : 30 to 7 : 30 p. m. Regular Board by the month. $40;
$10 by the week.
Henry Poppen. Manager.
teartturn. that is usually a sigti of
acidity of the etomach.
Get from your pharmacist a fifty-
fire-engine at Boston. Mass, Nor. 16.
1915. I
Charles W. Gilbert, deceased. For-j
tuna. Cal.. died attempting to save 1
and ' Helen M. Adams, aped eleven, from I
Craps-Huts
over 10 sugar
developed in the
making from grains
-should be your
breakfast cereal
HO SWEETEK1XC NEEDED
Ready Ccchcd. Ko Waste.
BOSTON.
Adventure
Alicuez
Alaska
Arizona Commercial . .
Butte
C. A
C. iz ii
Copper Ranze
Crino
Chile
East Butte
Granby
Green Can
Goldfield
Hancock
Indiana
Inspiraticn
Ker.ne?rtt
Keweenaw
Lake
U S"!
Miami
Mohawk
NevaJ
1
51
i:iT
63
44)
46
415
9
73
39
3S
84
8)
43
31 H
1
6
24
31-4
53
1V4
eect.case of Pane's Pianensin
:-ke a dose just as soon as vou can. ! drowninr at Petrolia. Cal.. July 10. '
There will be no sour risimrs. no m. M ,J h's mother
.. j- . j . . . , John K. Lout, deceased. 06 Saucon
bMns of undigested food nuxed p yeKertown. Pa., died attempt- Catarrh Tannot Plirprf
v r .. n . no to-rch a or heart- j ,-s to re Manue, anJ rmin- talTI1 cannot 15e UUfed
. tara. icimess or heavy ree.ins In tte ! Kos Ferriera. aeed twenty, from suf
;s or.;ach. nausea. d-'biMt;.:ins head-j focation at Hellertown. Pa.. Nov. 26.
. ach s or dizziness. Tins w ill all f:o, ' 1?1T. Medal and award to widow and
and besides. O.ere will be no sour
food left over in the sto mach to poi-s-n
your breath with nauseous odors.
Pr.pe's Disppsin he!ps to neutral-
son.
Frank Grabinski. deceased. 3Si East ,
Hidce Street. Nanticoke. Pa., died at-
tempting to save Frank Fillipiak. aped ,
eirht frr.m rtrntrinf fit VsntikLe
iz" the evctsfive acid in tbe stomach j a-:r. 1. 1M7. Medal and awards to;
which is cnusine the food fermenta-. mother and her five children. '
tirn ar-d preventir? proper dicestion. 1 Georee Vuknic. deceased. 56 Locust
wilh LOCAl, APPLICATIONS, as th-
cannot rrarh th wrat of th lirH. C
trrt la bkxxl or mnstitutional disrms.
and in order to cure It vou must taic in
ternal rrmmtH-s. Hull Cal.trrh Curr Is
taken Internally. ani cl tttrertty tirn
the bkxxt and mucous surface. Hall's
Catarrh ure is mt m quat-k metlicttke. It
was prescribed by one ot the best phy
sicians in this nmnlrr for years and ts
a recMlar prrmpoon. It ts composed of
the best tonH-s known. oml ml ith the
best blood punners, artinx directly on tlte
mucous surfaces. The pert -,-t cnib' na
tion of the to lnTe,llviiis is what pn-
P. Iief in five tr.inutes is wtitins foriStrpet- McKeesport. Pa . died attempt-! ou.-es such womterful res.iUs in curln
. y'i at any dme store. ' ,n saTe lra lt- Mi "a rer irom sufto-
These large fifty-cent cases sont.Ia I V, , r"' J-
i . .umais aiiu iu mu.
f tiourh -Pare's riapeps-'n" to usually
ke"j te entire fa;!ii!y free from s'.cm-ar-
seSiifj- ard is syi-p'x.s of indi
r?rtioTi. dysp-isia. sourress. cases.
Tr.-itbjrn. and N-adachi?. f ir n:rny
(.r'hs. It t.n'un-s in your borne.
Advertisement
REVIEW WANT AOS
BRING RESULTS.
catarrh. Send for testimonials, free.
F. J. CHENKT CO.. Props.. Toledo, O.
Sols lT Itrssststa tiee T5c.
Take HaU family 111 Is for coast laaMsn.
and son. !
Frank P. Mullaly. ;?23 Gas Street.
McKeesport. Pa., assisted in an at
tempt to save Ira D. Shearer from suf-'
ALLEN'S FOOT-EASE DOES IT.
fnoa-ion at McKeesjiort. Pa.. Oct. 15.
1517.
Whea joor shoes pinca er yoer corns sol fcan
knsaCBSSO that yoaarsCred all orer, jr iDs
Earl Byers. 2ft2 VrrsPiHes Avenue. bIOIhertMe.aad.aLil!at!Pf0ouNuh. li.ji
McKeesport. Pa., attempted to save 1 take the kiv oat of mm aaa banim ard r
GeorSe Yuknic from ..ffnctkm , JaC,
McKeesport. Pa.. t)ct. lo. 1S17. (iermaa and Allie-f tr.n at the frort.
1 Adam Liddlc, Stewart Street, wbere,v-. i.ta.- s.r.
-r. - ;-v.t -r . - i
. . r-
Wheat-corn bread la more nutritious
than bread baked with wheat flour I
alone. Thousands of American fam
ilies Unlay are usin: this mixed flour
bread, and In s doing are enabling
America to ptvvlde more wher.t flour
for the alliea. Here's a tested recipe
for this brvad: Take on and a half
cups of-ml'.k. water or a mixture of
tne two; one-half cake compressed
yeast, one and a half teaspoons silt,
one tablespMn sujrar. one tatilesrxo
of fat if desired, one cup vrmueal
and two cups wheat flour.
Put one and a half enpa of water,
the corr.meal. salt, sujrar and fat (If
used) into a double boiler and crok
twenty minutes. The vrater ts suffl- ;
cient only to soften the nel a little.
Allow the meal to cool t cbo.it the
temperature of the room and add the
flour and yeast mixed with the rest
of the wa:er. Knead thori:chlT.
piake Into loaf, place In pan of stand
aril sire, allow to rise until nrflriy
CHs the ps" fke n-ln-
ures. It Is harilly practicable to ns
greater pertvntace of cornmeal than
this even in emergencies. lir bread so
made d'.ffers very little fnm baked
mush. I -ess errrtnieil. can be ued
and In suco case tha svneral meth
od given above may be followed.
It !s poss!''' f make a yenst raised
corn bread without ffrst cnoklre the
cornmeal. In this cse not r.iore than
one etipftd ' men I shou'd be t!-,i! to
four cupfuls of four In other e
jects the bread l mixed and baked
as In the sbove recl
L. J. OVERLOOK, BROKER
Corraspondents: Paine, Weber A Co Boston, Duluth, Calumet.
L.U3AN . BRYAN. NEW YORK AND CHICAGO.
SPEOAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK.
T&e Government Requires Here Snlplinr
The WARREX SULPHUR AND OIL COMPANY is tettn out 100
acres, which they recently purchased. They have both OIL and SUL
PHUR developed in one welt For the purpose of derelopins aad
enuirpinic on a lancer scale, they will continue selling the shares at
15 cer.ts for a short time only.
FOR FULL PARTICULARS. SEE
F. BRIGGS & GO.
B. Mason Bldg, Phon 701. Lowtll, P. O. Box 3007
GOOD LUMBER IS AT THE
v. BOTTOM
cf onr success. Low prices m.iy
he'p Jkime. but If the fine q.o.il
Ity cf oar lumber that brtnjts
our customers back tint axd
a.catn. It pays s to sell jtocd
rumber. It will pay yon better
bur it. It lasts loncer and
is more satisfactory to work up.
Try us wl'h an order and youll
corae baik when you wart more.
Bisbee Lumber Company. inc
EMIL MARKS, MGR.
LOWELL CAR STOP.
PHONE ZV FOUR
THE B1SBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY MORNING, JANUARY 24, 1918.
Published Every Day Except Monday By the
State Consolidated Publishing Company.
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
The Associated Press is exclusively entitled to the
use tor republication of all newt dispatches credited to
It or not otherwise credited to this paper and also tie
local news published herein.
All rights rf republication of special dispatches herein
are also reserved.
Business Office Phone No, 39.
BRANCH CONNECTING ALL DEPARTMENTS.
Advertising Rates on Application
Entered aa Second Class Mall Matter at Bisbee, Arizona,
Under Act of March 8, 1879.
Subscription Rates, Payable In Advance:
PER MONTH 1
THREE MONTHS irj
SIX MONTHS 4 00
TWELVE MONTHS
BTXDAY (Our Weekly) per year 2.50
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per quarter .5
No Subscription Taken For Leas Than 75 Cents.
Review subscribers not receiving a copy of The Bisbee
Daily Review before 8 a. m. will get one promptly by
special Western Union Messenger by telephoning the
Circulation Department . No. 39. The Review will con
sider it a favor if the irregularity of delivery is reported
to the Circulation Department. The Messenger Servics
applies to Bit bee only.
Thursday Morning, January 24, 1918.
Even as conservative a newspaper as the New York
World cries aloud in its anguish over the coal order
issued last week by Fuel Administrator Garfield. The
World argue that if Italy and France, where coal is
scarce and fuel always a hard problem, can get along in
war time without such an order, the United States,
richer in coal than any other nation, ought to be able
to do so. Incompetency and bad management and irreso
lution are ascribed as the causes of our fuel shortage by
the World.
It is not really a peace that Germany wants right
now, that is a lasting and permanent peace. It is a truce
Time to revictual and r stock and revamp and revise.
Then, profiting by the experience and mistake? or tie
first war, overrun Europe with one quick and feU swoop.
In fact, any peace coming by any terms or turn, before
Germany Is badly beaten In the field, means only a truce
in the world conflict with all the advantage upon the side
of the central powers, who need a lot of things badly
to properly continue the war upon a victorious scale.
If Germany could get all the cotton, copper and fats she
needed right now she' would be talking anything but
peace.
THE STORM BREAKS.
(Tucson Star.)
Friends of the University of Arizona may well feel
ccacemed over the complexion of the board of regent
as it is being reconstituted by Governor Hunt. VP to
now it had always been possible to say that Governor
Hunt, however strongly he might be condemned on
otter grounds, had isolated the University from the
turmoil of politics by appointing on the board of regents
men who commanded the respect of the entire publi-.
Political enemies of the governor were forced o grat,
grudgingly, that "he has kept his hands off the Uni
versity." . That, of course, did not give him full credit, for hs
policy with respect to that Institution, it must be said
in fairness, was not simply a negative one, for be did
appoint able men to the board of regents. He might
have "put his hands" on the University; he would have
had the support of some of his advisers in such a course.
So he did not merely withhold his hands but by his
appointments to the board showed that he was deter
mined that the University should not be made the foot
ball of politics.
But his radical advisers have won him over. It ap
pears. The high-class appointments made by Governor Camp
bell to the beard were vacated by resignation, and their
places have been filled by Governor Hunt by followers
of pronounced leanings. It is a fitting recognition ot
the "better half of ihe citizenship of the state that
women have been appointed to places on the board, but
why should the innovation not have been made also the
recognition of women of ability and talent who are ;
civic leaders. One of the appointees, we are reluctant
to say, we do not know even by reputation; the other
the people of the state ktow only through her husband,
whose distinction in public affairs is that he "has al
ways been loyal to Hunt." So the appointment was only
ostensibly a recognition of the woman citizenship of
Arizona.
Of the appointment of McClusky it need only he said
that the worst fears of the friends of the University are
realized in it-
It is not improbable that those regents who refused
to enter into a stultifying agreement with the state in
stitutions commission, involving the abrogation of con
tracts and the violation of endowment nct?!ons imposed
by dor.ors of money to the University, will soon be re
placed by other resents who are more amenable to
political argument. They have invited the blow, but !
they have also put the responsibility of giving that blow i
a blow to honor and the good name of the CniversTTy
squarely upon the public institutions commission.
The stcrm that has swept the state from boundary
to boundary for seven years, mercifully respecting the
rmmuration of the people's university, is nrcaklng with
full force over its set;utstered halls. The worst has
vet to come.
OLD SONGS AND MEMORIES.
(From the Etude.)
The riches of old age are memories beautiful memor
ies. The pauper in the poorhouse. with his mind stored
with treasured visions of a noble past, is richer than the
Croesus in his mansion, haunted with the ogres of mean
ness, oppression, unfair advantage, trickery and penury.
Happy indeed is the mm who has both beautiful memor
ies and plenty of the world's goods.
Perhaps you have wondered why old people demand
old songs. It is not that they have a means of discrimi
nation whereby they feel that the songs of long ago are
better than th same type of song made today. Fifty
years from now people may cast the same halo over the
songs of today that the old folks of toda r cast over "Alice
Where Art Thou," "Juanita" and "Ben Bolt."
What is it then that makes the old song hallowed?
It is its wonderful power of conjuring up memories the
beautiful memories of the dear, dear pasL When grand-
ITEMS OF INTEREST
GATHERED AROUND :
BiSSEE'S suburb:
!
i
Bresk Into Jail and Sisal A!!
the Whisky Held There as j
Evidence. Prohibition Percy I
Still on the Job. i
THE TIM
DOUGLAS. Jan. 23. M. H. Merk.'
who rt'ns a hotel at Rodeo, was ar-i
rested by Deputy Sheriff Rowden yes-'
terday morning at 3:15 when he.
J stepped off the Golden State Limited. .
Merk was place in jail on a charge ,
of transporting liquor He had a suit,
case full of boose and several bottles'
on his person when arrested. He
stayed in jail only a few hours, then
put up $500 cash for a bond. j
ma takes off her glasses and quietly asks you to sing
one of her old favorites, hunt it up at once and let her Ponelas customs men are J'pg
energetic efforts to make effective
have it over and over again. It is the magic talisman the regulations governing the export-;
which will open the riches of her memory to her. As j9 of food rnTnoaitie such m.
lard, sugar and flour. It Is the gen-!
you sing eral impression that larger quantities ,
Nellie was a lady of th"' articles are going across the !
line than the rules permit. Although ;
Last night she died. stores are not supposed to sell to con-;
,.,, ,;. ... , . sumers in Agua Prieta more than five:
a tall youthful figure with epaulettes and bright garnet lnds of lard or Hour, there is noth-
military sash, a figure home on a furlough after Antic- ing to hinder the purchaser from re-'
. , , . . , jpeatlng such purchases at various1
Urn. will come into the room and stand at grandma r j u!a8 ow ,t te M,y to get the'
side. You will not see him but she will she will hear 'goods, and if they can be smuggled;
... . - ; ., . . ... ... . I across the line, there will be no fur-;
lUB ir 81"ful ,or lul"y JO,muR "u ther trouble to be encountered.
her light soprano, singing
-tfmm fjmm w-m 'mmm,
i.VJl - J. .''4-' -5 ij j i . ' "rjL'.v-'?-', " -r' T1.'.'' I
v.--.'- ' . -V. i'i - ..v--:rrr
..- .- : v - .
ToU the bell for lovely XelL
My sweet Virginia bride.
Oh, wonderful, wonderful music that can transport cs
over the years to scenes long gone and make us live
again with loved ones long at rest! Bless the old soncs.
They are the golden gates to the Paradise of yesterday.
Songs and singing were never more needed than now.
The new JOK) army Y. M. C. A.
building at Camp Harry J. Jones wil
be completed by Saturday, and will be ,
oocrpied one day next week. PauL D. I
Marvin, secretary, said this morning.
The building will be formally dedicat
ed in about two weeks. Secretary!
Marvin has been doing all he can to
hurry the equipment. C. A. Berk. who,
will haTe charge of the physical work. I
is expected in Douglas Monday. . J.
Food for the soul as well as the body is the call ol the Gordon Vaughn, assistant secretary. I
hour. Moreover, there need be no saving of music. I has bePn ct'vely carrying on the work
J of the army V M. C. A. for sevenl
! days. He was especially busy whi
! Secretarv Marvin was In San Antonio.
FINDS GERMANS NOT WORRIED. !
While scouting around last nicht o.
Deputy i
Special
f t '
c v T It i 1'ft ' r
State and County News Briefs
So manv b-ar stnrip it mm in nnt vf rjirmgn . n H
i see iiai iu) ruuiu unu,
Austria regarding their bad condition industrially and ; Sheriff Percy Bowden and
socUUy and the low morale of their troops, that it is well Police Officer kirkpatrick entered the,
hole-in-the-wall cold drink stand in the i
to consider this word, written by an American engineer j9o block on G. avenue. It was pretry:
in France to his brother in Carrollton. Missouri: col,l nd hil shakine his feet to 'j
v 'keep warm. Deputy Sheriff Bowd.n (
we had a French general for dinner at our mess - happened to kick the baseboard. It
last night He claims, that Germany and Austria have , sounded hollow. He kicked it again
. ana ne was sure it sounnea union , ,
now million more men than in the second year of the jan(j n gaw jt g,ve n a little. Then! . taken a consUn;nent of $l.rt''' worth bataruay. February 2nd. when over 8
he slid the board back and fourd ! ffripf SlfdtP VjfpC "ilwad tickets. It criminal cases, including a large aum-
'seven bottles of whisky compact v i LJ tC Juut' la now rnsit.ie to buy your thrift ter of bootlegging cases will be set
"We have over seven hundred German nrisoners here 1 1. A . .. . ,,.,.,. vitiir! stamps as you go. on the Southern P.i- fr trial at the next term of court
SIVITU Ill vuuiii vi w ...... . - . .... . t
whom the French captured They are as cocky and hirt J- B. Merk nor E. B. Duvall who were, J. L. Gust, of PUoiuix. was elected cine.
i.nA ,i.im . Ka monrliL. li'r.il ntviser of th.' Sail River al!ev
spirited as a game cock, and our coming to this artor'go Duvall was arrested and alter I scrs' asso.-iauon y.-Steray. The lower side of the
worries them, so far, about as much as a gnat does a ; charee filed against him for hsvitig
which will start soon thereafter. As
siKn as the cases are set the jury will
newly crated be drawn and suhptnuas iosued. It i
Indian rvservation is to be fenced at expected the term ill begin about the
. - - - . . 1 . . . ! I II- I. w
.w.-.i i vi. Mov "i t i.ffiirrl Hr urn rnuntv. the nc imeruiu muai ixirtu-r i-v int- i nuvu iukiuic tt imiuiu.
mule. We have prisoners taken six weeks ago who have jjuvali together put up a $200 carh home of George Madrid and its con- Stales government, it was announced
good leather boots, wool clothing, gloves, etc and ar : bond and Duvall was turned loose. ; tents were oou-rietely destroyed by yesterday. Ten '.usaad dollars hr-s Wi.loox as a center of patriotism
s s - " a I : tire. I,,on proprsatexl by the Indian office warmed the heart ot Corporal Tat Mur
fat and well conditioned and as impudent as the dev:L pPters. 22. who says he if a for ,he ncing. which will be barbed j of Tucson who was there last
Our nennle m.t wt n .a n.ea nvtrt who wes r-- C. V. HiacSciiffa. of Tucson, has "' " u.auv WWk on nis return to msco ne saw:
due for a good licking.
"Those people dow n there are surely
patriotic. They welcomed me with all
On Monday. January there will sorts 0( invitations ot assistance, m-
be a hearine of more ttnn Usual inter- Vited me to dinner, and did all they
est hefnre the board of sujrvisors of could to make my visit profitable to
..t c.... r, ..sn.oS f h.i-- been auoointed chinuan of the local tro-u sate to tne vicmry oi ajo.
we are fighting real men. v r.a fi . .v.., j.m waitinr for a co i-' exemption Uard for Pima county, suo-
believe in their cause and ruler, and fight like ther farm j venier.t time for officers to take fclni ceeding Sheriff J. T. Miles. Governor
rinninrv Peters admitted tak"e Hunt announced,
and attend to business, thoroughly. Industriously and ef- 1. .f?.0!!"-.. Vl. fvJ:f
5UI. VI IVUirs lit ill ir a-a a -fs v . - . . .w... .V, . . . .
ficienUy. We have a five or six-year job unless we mate room 7 and lso a pistol from :e Governor Hunt today granted ext-a- - a .. ., y . ' government ana pleasant lor me, l
was convicted of "burclarv in 1911 aid New Mexico, of Framis Neaves. want- Verde project wU ak to form an i Irrl- ,h.ir npresentative young men tor the
littJ . rw.m t iT v'.A anrt w?s ed there on a chjrg;- of grand lan-ery tion district under the laws of the aviation corps and they aske,l me to
He IS wllltr.g . eaves is vnwr;tu w r. u iuc iiir.i vi u - - - -.- u-mr n i,t uwi .
... ... uii.m in iiicupr aiuiTTi ( ne icree men .Murpay orougni
leys. To do so w U r-. iire two stor- were Charles M. Dittmars. T.
ce d .ti s and a divers-ion uam on the GiUhor. and O. H. Tuvlor. Not one
a humiliating pearce. and America had as well realize t
and get down to business now. We need six to ten mil
lion men and all the money there Is in America, and ore
million tons of new shipping, qui'k. to be followed by ten
million tons more. We need two thousand miles of new
released June a. 191
to go back and finish his sentence, automobile.
he told the officer. He was p'cki
. - r u. c-.. FVien,!s of Preideat I-racev I urtis
.n.t t"nlw.n tn t department of lustice of the Kirst National B ir.k at .Nognles Mo rtf.
railroads here and one million new cars and five thousand office and formally arrested by Spe.- will rejoice to know that he is rapjo y
locomotives and rnrinwra VinMlvt n -nt f n,.c 1
waniea
deserter, but Officer Tompkins re
leased him from this charge when rre
" '. found out Peers was a caroled c -
ARIZONA ncfds anoth p d innrc !vlct ar.d could not be enlisted in tbe
t
" , , ... m,,rPrn; ti-r-a severe cold whi-h Kee!"r l-rothers ol IV
Agent Tompkins. Federal offtcrrs ,-laced in potion of th
nted him on charges of beir.g a coutracted at a tire hut eu.
Ninety-eight per cent of this
war is engineering and labor and two per cent fi.c'itins.-
Arizona needs another federal judge, and should have ;
one before the present lone Judge has worked himself to
death. Likewise, the public is entitled to more expedit
ious settlement of court cases than possibly can be ar
ranged when one judge is overburdened with work.
With a population of close to 404.000 and an area o!
113.963 square miles. Arizona has the largest federal
district in the United States. Texas averages a federal
Judge for every 160,000 inhabitants, and the average dis- '
trict area is less than one-third of Arizona.
The labors of Judge Wra. H. Sawtelle are further ir- '.
creased by tbe large Indian reservations and forest re
serves in the state, within which court proceedings can
be heard only in the federal court, and by the proximity
of the international boundary, which contributes largely
to the congestion of the court calendar.
In three years Judge Sawtelle has had two weeks'
varation. and he works long hours every day but Sunday.
Vni'.ed States army.
Some one has a goodly supply of
assorted wines, liquors, beer. whisHy
and other choice spirits the sherit
and police departments wou'd like to
locate. Of all burglaries ever comnr--ted
in Ioug!as the one called the
"limit" was put over last night. Sorrs
one robbed the old county jail and
stole all the eviderce booze stored
awav there. In the let was 3' ess
of whiskey. The county jail
Sevenrh street is used only as a store
Denver we-e
he ranch and
and Leeta
A new r-aptist church in course of ly'e. in Graham co-inty. as the re
construction at Nocaies is approach- s:lIt of the suit brought as.i'.nst Ho I
icg completion, ami it is anticipated n.i h: wif. f.r n-oovery under fore
tha it will be rea 'v for the reception closure cn promissory notes amount
of the cvvircgation oa the first Sua- iK K-.e.'O. The rase was transferred
s., v-i.r.. .-.- i the Pi:v.a coan:y sui erlor court
of t!ie;;i weichcti less than 1T0 pounds
and the maximum was 1 Sl.
from t'.rnhaii: cviinty ar.d h.ul been In
C. W. Gorman. coun:v treasurer of th" coari iT '' p- Pcssession
Pinal co-.in'y his 'n-en appointetl by is only temporary until the hearing of
the governor o serve on the local tho salt. ,
exemption point m tne puce ol . u
Brown, resigned.
ty recorder.
Mr. P.rown is coun-
Offi-i-il advices were received Men-
on af:rno;i -v Captain 11. Hannah.
I . S. ar-ny. at Pnscott. from the s.'c-
i . . -r. v -.. .-, re' irv . ! a .snincion. revoM . c
(.u?.r tur uwn-. i ur i.ui E.is i.-v ... . :..i!ie.. lis were . stwi o x';; -it .u-
nir'it pried open three locks on C- for the re-gmonnR of Fr-rt re,r, t-0,,h Mrs oh.4r:,.s K;t.u,n. !.
Wjrrcn Kcnnely und V.r. Kd. liach.
Fi-e which broke out e;!r'y Tuesday
r.!'vrriir. ia the home of E.l. Harrison
in tho heart of Ml.tml's residential
section. ie;royed sen tiewly cn
structed bungalows and did irrepara
ble d.in.:ise to the eish'h.
Har;Son s hom Whs ra;e l by the
.i!ie.- lis were tao--e t'-c':ric !' !is
thr-i. door to pet the booze, sarkci " mrp:e. issue.i over two wooks aco.
it all up and carried it away in m
auton:obile. leaving tracks too fai -t A n-v lode of t 'ndeoendent f)r
to trare. It was a surprised depiry 'er of Odd Fe'irs w ill be ors;-.nli-l
this morning when Charlie Cross went ; in Caa Orande with about . t-T-down
to the old jail to leave m-c fr. r; ori" ;"'islii,-t:-s ii tsv..
bootlrgging evidence. Cross hurried made th-'.r future honi" in tat plate.
the nes of the robherv to Perry Row-.
den. depntv sheriff, who confesse,! it Col'.Ttor C. U l!ar;v ar.l Win
was cue on him. Then a search f r ; T. llalev have returr.ed to Nog:l-s
the htireHr bernn It is thought IP t from Washlnfrn. IV C. where th-v
The ol'.:ers wee unocciipretl. fi"
(iami! is srii.:i'. d at $ o o to the
houses J.'n.a )..fs in it -rsona! '-
f.H-:s.
Th.'
Kej-'iey mid wt-rv ins-ir
On Sunday last Miss Neva Marken.
of Apache, daughter ot Mr. and Mrs.
J. W. .Marken, was married to Mr.
Claude Hopkins, prominent merchant
of Rodeo. New Mexico. The ceremony
was performed by Kev. Fred Francis
of Hachita. New Mexico, he being an
old friend of Mr. Marken. Attending
tl-.e weddinc were the relatives and
friends of the contracting parties. In
cluding Mrs. H. E. Robinson, sister ol
the bride, and her husband trom His
bee. The marriage occurred at the
home of the parents ot tho bride and
after the ceremony the g;ests wefV
invited to a dinner which has been
prepared for the occasion.
T.-.e f incral of Albert Thurman.
V.o d.ed at Tm-son Saturday morn
iiss as the re.-u'.t of a wound received
to l.:s heal, was k-ld Sunday after
ti -n :n T.-nib.-tor.e from the Catholv
thurch. a lri:e number of friends and
rc'atnos attending. The body was
recently hta.KhT in Saturday nicht from Tuc
...1,.. ikup. s.m.' I hid bet n cillel to confer with mven
Nevertheless his docket is always overburdened and the , no" evidence acair.-t the iMKitlc;- nient officials on mitters eor.noe'od
court continually
. - ; tw no evioence acau'.-i tae ihhx.i . -
is rar behind with its work. " This ' ers d transporters who are out on ; with the rot,.!..,-? of the :,r ir(.f,.
bond ci in jail, but a bootleg chaser, t affects this i art of the country
causes long delays in hearing cases and increases the
expense of trials.
Senator Henry F.
trwi bu t.-k lot t.f pvi ienoe be i.e-
's'. roved. From every rase of botve
... ; r onfist ated one little is taken ana "
Ashnrst has interested himself In ,h f ... 0r nrt t-e tir.e
r snotv f the s.soi fo'l n.
sd iv. .lan-virv !, in n"-h-m Ar.
The f .'l wa genera! 1!v-.!:h-
sr. rMii?inea at tne laroeii i n
oortak'ng parlors until Sunday. le-cojx-tt
as for a lor.g time a resi
dent of Tombstone havms spent most
of his boyhood days there, lie leaves
Iwsi.les his wife and three children,
a father atid mother and three broth
ers. A lance number of friends came
over fr -m Johnson to attend the fun
Kra'.k Treat. r.i:.ii:t-. ; of the Ronson cr.-l with hts family. d.H-eased having
water works, h is h;.-t loot nod a card ''n rsident of that camp for the
iro::i l.'s sixteoi. e r-oU son. T. I . pa.-t fivt
ir.;. mtorttiingiK Iter scat no n.t
o.l f.r Jl.oxi each. KxpV.-ion if I
keros-ne oil heater in Harrison s ho:ne
c.tast.i he f.re.
County Briefs
years.
tho f.wtor.1 .j k i t nf rrt wriitn on It nn.l the bott'.. '-' so.ion n AOiicno airt .:iva-
action a measure to create a new federal district. It
merits a favorable vote. El Paso Herald.
plated in a safe elsewhere.
"I would put the kaiser in a cage and starve him to
death as he Is causing Germany to be starved." Peter
Becht. a German of Rait 'more, declared the other day.
Becht came to this country twenty-seven years aco. he
said, after the German entoeror had struck him across
his hands and injured his thumbs because he did not like
the way he held t-'ie reins of his horse while a member
of the Stuttgart cavalry in 1SSS. Iterht nad been ques
tioned by the police as to his naturalization papers, lie
showed his first papers and a receipt for his second
papers. He served three years in the German army, but
has no love for Germany ror her rulers, be detl.tres
were 1! nil ' ed to a deth
x-. i. ..... i -.-n t, ,t f.- h,.oP " "t'-i .'"ir in six incnos. ; ne .rp
! I.t.l lT-ill.iPa.l.T--.
to lack of evidence on account of tre "J,,0, sevrrp n'5 k h nt sl;f
! robbery, the deputy sheriffs and police rprel-
sav
j "" 1 Ar'-T i i; si'1' to ih frnnt as r
r-ip Brnr-tivift ar.TIVP. s,ftrV sin state There are on-
nrnfivi !tfO-
just joined the n.ivy
tuiiforr.iu.
Male Is:.lid.
t:
tt ;hi i;!.f."n and 1 ' 'i-
tr t . i-. i h."' of rtt'. In, rlori. Of fe
ST I Ol'iS n IS --P'dil;is.c t t si-on artvir t,,.i,..i Tr. rwi-M - y fi
th jra'iul fir s.t m'nifil liv-.v Mnns. rrincipaily Nav-iios. who
toriav ii! ermine rA rod 'ox sktr.s ow " '"."' ai res of laad in tho
i -r oi-r.J!T'- -e hi "e t price. I .at- northeastern imrtion of the state.
fisvr-s ot "t-e arc i'in ir1it-f .t
tin:; '.r .itc 'Oi.t l.'d -
te!;'.ri-lv Mcher tl;)n last v".ir.
tlrt a'
I ;o
REVIEW VANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
Chr.r'.it R Chri!v. for'"pr i
rv of tse enr!:itiin on t-t. Ins'.t't-
liors dn "nc the re-rime if tie il fvc
to Gov. Thoii:w V. CiMiirl-t'll. has lo't
f m".t serri-titv of ti. Merih'ris n'v1
Ma:i'.;f.i. turers' as-iii iation of rioeni
tu bii-i.lre.; Sou' hern IV.ctfio '
tiotis hiv bet n a lit hoi ied t(
thr'.tt s'....!i; s the t i::.; ..!.; h iu
The annual meetipg of the CiH-hise
Count v State R.'nk with headquarters
in Tombstone w:.s bt-l.t Tuos.luv anil
Sun lay a short m.. storm paid a lt following officers and directors
v'.sit io the li .:u nil....- and snow ieU,lr, Hooted: lYesident. A. G. Smith;
ior an hour wfc.ch m.':d i.i the lower e pr-sid. nts. H. V. tti. Jtvs. H.
Icvtis ..s last as it .Getzw ei!!or. A. U Henev; Cashier M.
. Smith; Assistant. K. N. Coplen. Oi
rtv tors. H W. Ktz. Jos. 11. Getzweiller.
IrfH-pi.M M.iior. Cr-as K. GtH'tz. Arthur
U Honey, P. W Hamilton. A. H. Weln
H. S. Koss. V. G. Smith. K. N. Coplen.
M. YV. Smith.
" late that afternivon the directors ot
According o worl recoiv.il in Tomb lh hank n,isr,, ,h;U 0,e m:lii,.Joua
poison had start.il a report to the et
feot that the hank was not satisfied
her ami was coin to discontinue.
Nothtn is further from the truth. The
directors say that they are more than
oli-isel with the excellent showing
thev have made for so short a time
and that thev are not only pleased
Ti e swtinc of th- criminal taloiu'ir with tho short pist here but they are
ia the .-..p.-iior toutt fill b.- had ou il.-.i.-1 . fh the 'i.H.ks. of the future.
Mrs W'm 1-oyd ;r.i 1 ohii.tr. n have
,irriv-.t in l om' slot., from loui;'.as
.it.d v. ;i make foil' lu.'rv l.- nie hole.
.Mr. iU'v.l is m.iiiimr oi t!.e I'.iyd ii
n.uh I'rtlg Store.
stone Chas Schn ..i.-r. 1 n-iivr ol V
o.ir Sci'.r.eidcr ot 1 he Sttie Shop, has
lee.n transtorrvd fr.ei Cutup K.niston
Kansas. o .-imp Motr t. Now Jersey.
I h.:i' -y did not s.iy whi ther or not
.iiy of tho oih-T !. were tr.msforr
.'.i l tVe s.niti' ti.i.e. THE BIS DEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY MORNING, JANUARY 24, 1918.
HVE
. 3
Uncle Sam Must Be Served First
The high drvrloptiK-ut of telephone eflciency in this roan try leave the Vnited State.
hen it entered the mar, a superiority over all other nations for quick communi
cation. Ihe nation's capital and the various military heailqnarters are linked with all the
prtt industrial centers of the country by the long-distance lines of the Hell Tele-b-joe
System.
thousands of miles of special telephone wires hare been turned over to the Rovern
niem for its exclusive use.
Kight of way is given to government telephone calls over all lines.
In Its prosecution of the war our government has the effective co-operation of the
liell Telephone System, which reaches 70,1 HI. communities and extends to every
military camp in the I'nited States.
One man, in every ten from the maintenance and construction force of this com
pany is now the telephone, signal corps of the army or in some other branch of
the military service.
Xnt only have oar men answered their country's call, but the telephone o-wrstors
ate "doing their bit" also. These faithful young women realise the tremendous
dejjendence the nation places on rapid communication in this crisis, and are accept
ing cheerfully the heavy responsibilities thrust noon them.
In spite of the war and what it has meant to this company In the Increased number
of leiephone messages to handle, the enlistment of so many of our trained employes,
the shortage of equipment, and the fcifa tost of telephone materials
in spite of all these obstacles, we are meeting the needs of the public for telephone
service in a remarkably successful way.
The Mountain States Telephone & Telegraph Company
PICTURESQUE AUTO TOUR DESCRIBED
THAT MAY BE TAKEN BY BISBEEITES
Warren district ajto tourists tl;at:an excellent road from ihe Fort to
like to take a
drive out in the coun
I
trv on
Surday will be interested in ;
the following article that was written
tor the Tombstone Prospector by A. j
H. Gardner vrhich describes
tnP'
from Tombstone to the Huacfcucx
Egia country a-:d whi
csn be Ulilde '
fiom tris district cn any Sunday
v Cen the weather is soai-
Sunday at 10:30 your representa
tive ieft ToLi:bstcc and drove over a
iccte that ccvertd tte foilowina;
points: New Chure;:on bnd?e. Bueja . j,e Herkshire mountains of -back
school house. Overtcn. Fort Huachu-(Fan fionl vasite anv Ume retting
ca, Pjeatt ranch. Cannme. Elgin. cnto ,he Fort Haachuc'a-Xoga!es road
Turner. Fa:rba.nk ad back home: buifl p. business and pleasure for
over one biinc:ed m:!cs and the re-it-s -,ortn -,hi;e.
turn va3 niad? in tir..e to attend thei " )
picture show, llesides that a stop!
was elide to taik wi;h Foreman
Shaef.'er. eat lunch and to Iool
around the Fort Huachuca jrouads
acd the writer had four punctures all
caured between Caaille ?nd the inter-tecti-jc
of tte State Highway north
of . .Isic which record is s'uow n for
the purpose oi iuapressicg the reader
that seme good road uiust have been ,
discovered curing the drive. It was,,
and it's the coT.biaation road built ;
by the govemru. rt thro'-?h the miii-,
tary and forest departraents. This '
PLriiculur road is what will be part ,
oi the Douglas Bisbee Tombstone to
Xogsles route sc.-.n to be oiiicially
opened. The particular pa:t covered!
ns Ircm Fo:t H'.ia'-huca to Canilie
ar:d it is sorue rojd: 1 uvt to srad?.
si:r:a-ed fcr the most pn witli de-,
ccrr.po-ei ,sran:"e ar.d protected with!
ciaiutpe cf trie ris-t kind. j
As j.-u ride aicn.ar yen are con-j
ti ial.y tn-a-ed t panoramic vistas j
tat :i aVe voj rcp;irualLy expr?- j
ytiur a-in.irtt:on in " O." aad "Abs."i
There is ore :-o'nt be ween tne rye j
em T-Tuh and C&r.i: e vicore you gf-:
z -.! ? of a -aoo'.oi valley baik?d bvi
the !o' -r r.g Hua-h'jcas and f tended j
Ly the Dliir.s 'Oith::is cf tie Cani'.Ie!
coun:ry t"".at in-r.!y oc-.sars descrip-j
ti n. j
TLe beautiiul Pyeatt lanth house ,
at.d froends ;h :ts fruitful orcLard j
is ricr.1 by the rraislde. and a cood .
i r.i;e -tin r could jump from his?
car into t're ir.v:tir:? wimming pool, j
At or. p ;im !';ixins to t!.e north onej
an sec t.:re rio':r.'ain ranges than!
zt any ether p'.'ir.; in southern Arlro-j
ra. i
The road to tre Charleston bril;e 1
is con.pleted but nteds to have rain
srd to be dracted in plac-s TnhichJ
wi!lter!cne. From the bri.Ue a rne)
-at III be put cp rn the hoe back whi.-h '
wiil r n s'r..!;ht .p to the r.ji e:;cel
'".t rcti iron tve l!i!na to fi rt'n.
The n' rc-' J wrt re Kcre.i.im S iae(
for i r 'n'irp. ii av id n'l s-;tid and is
nututai!y drained ard ii! j mfta'jty
not have l i '!. a'.' ert or ir.irie o"hr
than rU-- t rt '-e ris- about one thou
sand f'-et f'oni the hrie". vl.ere a
rtavel h'i ' be r'i' into to tet
rmd to ti e h e b .ck. !ie crz cl from
the nit t oj-ii. u -il cn the ace be-
liwn trip r.hie ai.j the re:se.
Witioi' do.bt i.en this rmite
f;n:sl-.ed the trip to she Fort will be
mere. pi; a-u:t rn short tun?. We st;rl s that r.o ctmlrcnt ihe om-
entire thpt Percy Uowdeu will go (laiiiis. Tiie concerns i be represent-Sr'-ui
Ton.h'-toiie to tie f ort in 17 i hT the ii,e-;uu employ approximat
r. :2'i"r-. T-f- ' en.:i er.t U buiidi:., el; :.' n th 'i. L.i
1 urner.
That av-i f-nn. Csniilii in 1.-1-In
- ";,. .
i1Ia jias ,ome steep raises out of
washes. From Eluin to
the
state
'Va. 11 :. 1 .3 . KAh. . .
It. SZ fZinJ CLU 1 1 UU1 tunc U
iTuiner; good in spots out rocky in
1 ?tnti rni? miiit Prom Turner to
Tcunbstone the hi?hwEy is gcod ex-
c?pri?ig a few spots where adobe is
mixed in the soiL
Cochise county people have some
thing to look forward to in the way
cf drives, if you want to be "trans-
ma EFFORT TO
OF
FUND MADE TODAY
Fifteen hundred dollars is to
today's goal sought by the cap
tains and teams of the Knights of
Columbus war camp fund drive,
the thirty-five hundred dollar
mark having been reached yester
day at noon.
At the luncheon, yesterday,
some argument was had between
several of the teams regarding
subscriptions In the end. however,
the team securing the money re
ceived the credit for the work and
the other team agreed to exceed
its quota in order to make up for
Its rejected claim.
That the Jo.oiK't. the quota of the
Warren District, will be reached
appears certain, according to the
teams and the membership of the
general committee In charge. The
teams will make every additional
effort today to get the necessary
balance by noon and make the re
port complete by the time of the
daily luncheon which has len
served by the Catfcclic Ladies So
ciety. cft.,nn . ArnriAIC TO
OUINUKA Urrll-lAlaO IU
TONFFR WITH MINERS
LAJ;mr. YVlin iVmJV3
'
Py Review Lnsed Wlre
NOGaI.ES. Juh. - Gene al V
Klias Ce1!-s. nii'-tary c -n'.utanrVr aud
tnt-pr-if.- of Snc'J. and P. G. Soriano.
n tin ci vetr.' r oi S'iora. tomorrow
ill h Id a cT'erenre at this place
with the o;ieratine heads of a'.l the
." nc riran owm.d m'"rs in Sonora. The
t-io Mcviian of'itials arrived here to
r.;;:t lor lh:';t purpose.
it i oii.i"!( 1 :hat matters which
hreattn t. hamper cporMtions will b
discisrd a? the '-(;tfererre. pnd u.ea
sure proiiilej to clear awav ail ob
RASE
QUOTA
U
ERS
Ull
iilUi
in
BITTER CONTEST
(By Review Leased tvtre)
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind Jan. '23.
After a spirited contest, the proposi
tion to give all districts in tte coal in
dustry of the countrr"representation
in conferences where a basic wage
agreement is made or a policy formu
lated that is appncaoie to otoer ais -
tncts, was deieated in tne convention
of the Ccited Mine Workers of Amerl-:
ca today by a vote of 9SS to S54.
The
proposition bad been before the
con-
vention for three daxs
and
was op-
posed by district and international of-'
f.cers as a menace to ttetife of the
organization.
The fight was resumed today aftet
Samuel Gompers, of the American.
Federation of Labor, had made a
sneech in which he suggested a uni-:
I versal seven-hour clay during the ar
.to conserve fuel instead of the present ,
plan of having idle Mondays. j
Confusion in Debate. j
Great confusion attended the clos-.
ing cf debate. Many of the 1 652 del ;
egates had clamored tor recognition
since Monday. When motion to close
debate was carried. President ' Frank
J. Hayes recognized Frank Farricg-.
ton. president of the Illinois miners.
GOHDN
to speak in accordance with a promise business of the company in tee United
I yesterday to give him the floor before States In 1917 amounted to 575.i'0o.
debate was closed. This caused an o0 of which a net profit of $21.00t.
uproar. For 20 minutes Farrinrton . x o was earned.
! stood on the platform ready to becin The firm's business in products
while President Hayes pounded lor , originating In th's countiV so!d
j order. There were arguments among: jj, )iere a(1( abroad was $50.mHV
ithe delegates all over the hal'.. One!((j greater thun tlie world business
big miner shaking his fist at ti e gal-;rf te firm a
; lery w here some of the noise a as com-1 "r,e nel tnrome was equivalent to
mg trom. cnaracteriie:i ine ueietaies
there as a "wild mob- not fit to rep
resent the men hatk home. !
When quiet was restored, Farrir.g-
iton told the delegates the adoption
of ihe resolution to cnance me pro-
ccdure of making wage contracts
' w ouid be one. of the most serious
J blows that could be struck at the um
on. T-.e chanced he added would
J cause trouble and possibly lead to the
dissolution of the organisation. Pis
1 trict President Jclvn T. Iiempsey.
speaking for an'hracite
; miners, said the change would be a
'. menace to the interests of the t nion.
.-e
of the great anthracite companies of'
i the east to cegotiat'iig a contract with
the union was their fear of bitumin
ous coal declination, because the larg
er part of the organization's member
ship is in the soft coal fields. He did
not thins it wise to tie down the of-f:.-ers
of the uniou by writing the
polity into the organic law of the
organization.
Speeches in Favor.
There were but two speechr? made
todiv in favor of the proposition. lT.e
delteates declaring it enly fair that
the ontlving districts he hear.i when
a rae is fixed in one territory that
be ihe basis for negotiations in
other distn ts i The answer to t'ns
was lhat the policy committee repre-j
sent ins ail districts must approve the
basic rate Ix-fore it is applied else
where. There were demands for a roll cV!
when the standing ote was aiinouitc-
ed. President Hayes informed the del-'
t gates it would t alxiut J.r.i" tiv
ili this aa it v.oahl totlsJIUe Ul -le tUaa
OFFICERS
mwm run
TWO YEAR TERMS
According to su opinion given by
! Attorney General i:ev E. Jones to
City Attorney Sam Kyle, Elsbee is
n'aeed under a law passed bv the'
p.acea unaer a i I188 oy me,
io.Mainr in h .iik t h
1 towns in which no ejection is held for;
:the duces cf cily cier.i. cly marshal!
... . .
ficers will be appointed by the coun
I cii hienniallv. The office of street
;cr s;rce. supe.iuiruutrui. iese i-:
. ..... .
I superintendent is aoousaea and tne
jcity engineer wld peri or m that duty, confer with silver producers and oth
i With this viw o the matter there i er mining operators from other states
I will only be the council aud the who are attending the convention in
mayor elected at the coming city .order to determine Upon an attitude
U.eciicn. so mere promises to be; toward government regulation of the
jmuch more inteiest taKeu in the elec silver industry and the new federal
Iticn of these officers by the friends tax P which the entire mining in
iof the aspirants for the appointment i dustry and the new federal tax upon
I tor citv cletk. marshall and citv en-
Kiceer. The opinion as given to City
Phoenix. Arixona. January :
1.
"Mr. Sam H. Kyle.
"City Attorney.
"Bisbee, Arizona.
"Dear Sir:
Kepiyin lo your letter of tne to,
,n J" . "
ir oi. Laws oi iirvi3 uiufrr i
and oter cities and towns of like kind.
w P.! state that, in so far as Pars. 1S32.
1.13 and are concerned, there
j will now be la such cities a clerk.
I marshal ani engineer, instead of a
clerk, marshal and supervisor of
j streets, and these officers w ill. under
the sections above referred to as
jr.mrn.'.ed. be appointed biennially by
, tie crmmon council, instead of beine
'elected, as heretofore provided by
j Sectiou 1S36. supra.
'The reason I beleive Chapter SI
'applies to Bisbee, and other towns of
; that class is because Bisbee was in-1
j ccrporated on the 9th day of January. 1
,1902. under Chapter J. Title 11. Re-j
I vised Statutes of Arizona. 190i. and
(tomes within the purview of towns j
j incorporated under that chapter and j
! amendments supplemental thereto.;
I On examination of the 1913 statutes, , , t v , r V.
ycu will find that the powers granted MarkOT.rfc of I Pr-
to cities and towns of ,he class that!11 Jterdsty ;r,T.frW ,hi
Bisbee is In. are found mostly inh" '"ness and will be tur ed thu.
T.-.I. - i-un i-.i ioi afternoon at 2::W p. m. from the res-
Chapter 2. Title 7. Civil Code. 1913. i
If you will examine Chapter 4.
o;
Title 7. under the heading. "Elections)
icf Officers and Terms of Office." you j
j will find that said chapter is not ap-
iplicable to F.isbee. Section 1903 ofj
; the Civil Cc.e of 1913. supra, provides.
'The officers cf cities and towns or
'as are provided for therein, and shall.
. n 1 . V
times herein prescribed." You '
observe, by reading this section
connection with Chapters 1 and 2 said
l .Ht I . Ill.l &.oc-- aiiiuu tl 1.
classification of Chapter 2. You will t
also note that Chapter 9. Title 11. Re-!
vised Statutes of Arizona. 1901. is
identical with Chap;er 2. Title 7. Civil :
Code 1?ri lhat is s0 far as
lar. '
j$;2 is ccncernel
Zhe amendment of Sec:ion- 12.
1S33 and 1S.56. supra, will not hi any 1
wie affect other officers, whose of-'
n uancT
'JL 11 VI 1-
fices are cteited by ordinam-e passed
crested by law.
! "Trusting that the foregoing
an
'swers'your inquity I am
"Yours very truly.
"WILEY E. JONKS.
"Attoniev General.'
BIG SAVINGS NOTED BY
"MEATLESS" PROGRAM
(Ky Review Irafd Vlr
CHICAGO. Jan. 23. Meatles das
have resulted in a 23 per cent decrease
in consumption according to the re
port of Armour 4 Co.. today. The
14 5 per reril cn invested capital or
21 on oapital suck. In 19K
Armour's total profits -.vere f-'O.l' 0.'tK
r 14 - ner rent on invssment and
j,, c3 api;a: stok.
a day's time, fader the rule of the
convention it takes the assent of 3t'u
delegates to call the roll, but that
many could not be mustered when fue
chair ased if a roll ca'l was insisted
upon.
The convention then ciuiMdered a
resolution to make the appointment of
organizers by l2ie president subject
to the approval of the district in which
,he apiwintee holds memlH-rship In the
. , . ' . , ,
union. John R. lJi.on ot t olorado
i was making a fight for the resolu-
: tion when the contention adjourned
until tome-row. He charge! that , sera'.:on yestenlay by Inicl M?.es
organizers misused their office anj! Deputy Marshal Jair.es MrlVnaM an!
tried to defeat for the presidency oi g'ven a hearing be'ore CommisU-ner
the Colorado Federation of Labor. Taylor, who held them to aa;t te
What Do You Know
About Your Blood Supply?
'
Yoar imorance may startle von.
Few people know of the many
frictions ot the blood supply, and
just how important it is that it be
kept absolutely tree from all impuri
ties. Ihe health of the entire body
depends npon the condition of the
Mo.td. You are invited to write and
oi.:n a booklet lhat gives you some
-jval-jal.Ie i:::c ttr.it ion on thi ira-
COLORADO MINE
MEN PROCEED 10
FINAL EFFORTS
. , , ., i
,i?KV','"i'tL T .'
DEW ER. Jan. IJ.-The silver and (
excess war profits committees tonight
mere Puttin on ,he final tonnes on
... .
resolutions w nic a w 111 oe su Dmmeu 10 -
hich will be submitted to.
morrow morning before the fifth annu
: al joint convention o the
Colorado;
Metal aiming association and Colorado
. o
Chapter of the American Mining Con-
rress in session here.
. .
The committees were instructed to
wmon tne entire mining inaustry
entire
could unite. There was no intima
tion as to what the recommendations
, legislation is known to have been ron
i t em plated.
! Addresses by Governor E. D. Boyle
. of Nevada. Senator J
XeT,da marked lhis morning-s session
,This afternoon David T. Day
an oil
expert of the federal bureau of mines
a t Waeiiinpinn &nnb on the nossihili-
: , iM f nil ahres of Colorado. He said
. j .in-..v!nri n ik.i.Kt. . k v ;-. ...
0,5, Qf production in FVench and
Scottish oil shares indicated that Col -
CTIUll til SI H BUIIIKIV'U I IIV
orado's oil shares could produce more
oil than all the oil wells in the west
and that it developed, the oil shale in
dustry would exceed coal mining in
importance to the state.
The report of the leirislature's sme!
ter investigation in Colorado will be
; discussed at tomorrow's session,
I convention did not meet tonight.
The
City Briefs
INFANT DIES,
. v. .... !. .hu. - ir
idenre in I'pper Lowell, l-iterment
iwill be had at the Evergreen ceme
tery.
ARE IN PHOENIX.
Mrs. Rosa McKay and her husband
Paul pre reentered at the Je.Tersou
T"
juiing Interests in Pima county out from
in Tucson.
I 111 vni i .. ... ..... ... . . -
p.- Tnn.v
The Mexican who was charged wlt!
stubbing a fe'low c.-mi.ar.ion on Tues
day n:;ht yesterday en.erol a plea
of no. guilty in Jud;i Hijl'i's court
and will be given a hearing ;hir. at
ter noon in that court. The -sounied
man is rapidly recovering- from the
eliects of bis wou-id.
FROM DOUGLAS.
J' M' S(,"rkS- of UR,- mw?
of h bw,rd pf supervisors, was in the
"!y jrsternay on a short business
trip, connected with the erection or
his building on the comer of Riiirvi:!
isvtnue and t- K. s-troet. He hopes
to have the b..ill!r.g re:riy fr ocup
'ancv be.'o.e tii l.-t of March.
J SON WAS INJURED.
Adam Armstrong and wiie of John
son Addition have received word that
'their son. Jack, who is with the
ISSth infantry at Camp Kearney,
'totr.ier.v it.e 1st Arizona, injured hi
kn?;' i ; while iu drill a tew days
aao and as a consequence is routined
in te post hospital.
DIES OF HEART TROUBLE.
John Riley, aged about ."! years,
died Tuesday night at the Copper
Queen Hospital from an attack of
heart trouble. He was brought in from
the Sulphur Spring valley by his broth
er. James, where they have been liv
ing for the past few years. Funeral
services will be held this afternoon at
1:30 p. m. from the Palace Undertak
ing parlors and interment will be had
at Evergreen Cemetery.
RED CROSS DANCE.
The ladies of the Kod Cross Auxil
iary of Dragoon and Johuson will give
a dance and baiaar in the hall at
Johnson on Friday night. Jan. 2a
There will also be on sale pies, candy,
and useful articles besides amuse
ments for the children. The proceeds
to be used for the benefit of the Red
Cross We hope our friends from the
neighboring towns will attend and
heip swell the proceeds for this wor
thy cause.
r-itl-'J lunnsntn.
Fe :r V?;.in were broi:;ht tn
' horn the Ft. Hau.-hifa ti'tli'sry rr-
portant subject. It tei!
how to kce
the blood strong and tree from the
many impurities to which it is con
stantly suhtect.
It gives the historr of S. S. S, the
world's most successful blood remedy,
which has been sold for more than
fifty years bj druggists everywhere
This 'book will be ent free to ali
who write to i-wii't Spctitic Co,
Dept. A Atlanta. Ca.
i set ion of the I'nited Sia:s grand
jury at Tucson on a charse if hain
intoxicating liguor- ia tlie.r posses. iin
. h le on irni.arv iesera.iou.
, BEING REMOVED.
The buildings that were erected and
'used by the First Ari-ona Infantry
; while stationed at Naco. are being tak
J en down by the government and will
be shipped to Camp Harry Jons near
' Douglas to be used by the new troops
that are arriving in that city almost
daily.
INQUIRES ASOUT SON.
Worried over her son. wanting to
know hu a hereabouts.' Mrs. M. E.
wheat, of Pecos. Texas, by letter has
asked the sheriffs office to look for
'hoi. K- Tk. n.r.r.r u oniie feelile
. -
: and anxious to locate ner son nameu
; Joe Wheat, who is between S5 and I"
- ..,. - , ni,i iA Ast heard trom
i ,-r ..r ik M h.-n in this
i two or inree vcars ap
section of the country
-
Joe Wheat is
w tiu IUiJ
may be on a ranch In
j Southern Arizona.
Any one who
knows of his whereabouts is asked to
notify Sheriff Wheeler.
SELLS RANCH EUYS ANOTHER.
J. E. Loian. of l.wis Sprir.cs who
was in the city yester.lav lias vlosed
a deJl whereby he se".!s his tra.k farm
near Lewis Springs to Jesse Boyett
ard wife who has been cpratiii a,
dry farm in fiat locality. Mr. lioye't j
wi;l turn the Loan place into a teed
and hoc ranch. Vr. and Mrs. Loca.i
have purchased the well known C.il.fc
ranch near Hereford and W'll cortinue
B. Kendrlck of!thir siiciessful vepetah'e tariers at
that piace and it is sa d unaer r.ire
tavorablf clrrcr..strces. In movi-;:;
to the Cobb place t!iere 's th:s to be
said. Cmhise connty 5s not loMas
these excellent pecp'e. Mr. Losan is
a rasi master iu tfce rai-!:: of emet
ll J . 1 1 HI' v. ! 1 1 m mt V . ,
ine
I writer on attest r ra castronorak al
;eontact with the j.to.es;iiJ vosetables. 1
Yon
Know of a Better Way
to Invest That Bonus
Than to
Improve
Your Own
Home?
Probably there la no other way
the Company would rather see you
invest it.
We have everything in the build
ing line that you might need and
the QUALITY is the BEST and the
PRICE is RIGHT.
DON'T LET THAT
HOUSE CONTRACT UN
TIL YOU HAVE SEEN US.
Gibson -Mines
Lumber Co.
J. W. F. SMITH
Phone S3 Manager
'cleaning, pressing
REPAIRING.
CENTRAL
TAILORS
NELSON A JOHNSON. Prop.
SUITS MADE TO ORDER
Ph(
Phone 1-23
Ma.n St. Lowell
'y
ARIZONA
IJiske Copper Co.
PrR SHARE
FOR SALE 11Y
COLLINS &
BRETHERTON
We Speciilue ia Jerome
and Gatmar. Sto-kv
P. O. box ri) pmcne ?5
Do
50c
Bisbee Decorating Co.
General Paintinc, Paper I lanping. Tinting and
Perfect Results.
HUGHES BLOCK,
U. ISox
1
J.B.
ANGIUS
PURE
FOOD
J
PHONE 29
Piano Mid Player-Piano
Turing. Regulating and Repairing.
WORK GUARANTEED
. HERBERT GRIBBLE
Phone 691
THE REVIEW
Job Department
will furnish you an estimate
on that job on short notice
JOHN G. WILSON
Contractor & Builder
Estimates furnished on all classes
of Buildings.
SEE ME LAST
Phone Green 7S2.
jWATKTNS & BERGQU1ST
Jewelers wad Opticians
r-s.
a-- a f .t l a. W" -.''' Vf'fK'y
EYE NERVE GLASSES
-jj-. I fit glasses witbout
yP$ drugs, drops or dang
V
rOy- isfaction.
Phones: Ortice 13S,
Residence Black 4Ju
DR. R. GLAZE. Ophthalmologist.
Upstairs, Over Woolorth's Stor.
BISBEE TRANSFER,
STORAGE & COAL CO.
Warehouse Office Opposite Depot
PHONES 640 and 50.
QUEEN IAUNDRY
Respectfully Solicits Your
Patronage
PHONE 5S
CATARRH
CFTrfK
u LADDER
eMJiwsfasa;
VWWVrrrrrW
QHICHESTtR S FILtS
fllf;! UW.IH..li(.'A
jOTrC?i -. I s. K... .V
aV- TaV a. atlht -1 , aCf
i f!., nT"
s i'i.M rvii ru ts. s
V T 3 yM..aIakMahr'1.fa.Aja,Aka1.4ta.
HrNFIFY
UNDERTAKING PARLORS
Robert Hensssfy, Prop.
Opposite Depot Ambulance
Renew Your Insurance
BRUCEWPERLEY
Copper Queen Hotel, b sbee, Aris.
Oor S&op Is New
and Sanitary
We will appreciate your patronage
and assure you of courteous treat
ment. SUNSET BARBER SHOP
(WcolwortH Bldg.. Wain Street!
C. Rcsgbargcr, Prcpr.
Moderate IVices.
OPPOSITE Y. W. C. A.
rnone 4
39
GROCER
L
mm
v i ilX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY MORNING, JANUARY 24, 191 S.
f
TOMBSTONE PAPER
MAKES CLAIMS ABOUT
nnmm ppit nrunim
01 J 111 I OLAI RUTilllAL
f T r i c.-n I rad bond issue and Clerk of the
btate3 I hat Question IS .bUlIBojrd of Supervisors A. C. Kareer is
. , , I kept buv answering questions.
rerdin.3 ill Louri On Appex! j 0nly recently a bond concern
ar . . r 13 J "somewhere in the Iniled States."
lnt Action Ot ioardjafler r(ading the instructive booklet
W IT 1 on ,ne i-u compiled by Mr. Karger.
Was illegal. .And sent to bond bouses generally.
;wrote Mr. Kareer and assu?d tT.m
ithat thev did not want him to think
Tlie Tombstone Prospector ia
it '
, , .. , . , 1
owing cia-ms a, t. ue Co.nty
Iao'. e! Qeestlin:
"Since the DoJelas and "Bisbee
Ocunt S at Boosters Ere acain an
i.e !u th n?at-r. :i-e Pros.p'K-ior de-
fcem wa-rie l':ey stand !
zl rres?ni.
"Vn June 12. l&i?. fn order
Tiir.d" br Jude V. A. OTcnaor.
was
pro
hibiting the boar j oi f ue-vi-ors from
tii:r.:
any action upon the
petition
n i enc.::s. tar tne purpos 01 ,
of 1
ta li-is sn electi n to s-jbniit the qaes- ;
tirn of changms the location or tne j clis county of 1917 was over $151.
ccntv seat. This order, while fMio.ooO and there is not a single dollar
temporary oraer of prohibition. as'0f bonds outstanding or a single war
a'so in the nature of an order to show ; nnt outstanding against the county,
cause mi y the writ of prohibition ! anij ,-1 cot be until the million dol-sh.-u'.d
ret he maJe pern anent. A ; i.ir read bond issue is sold,
icarics va? hed under this order on j Yes. we are young, healthful and
Nov. 7. 1S17. before Judce Frank Fax-1 growing and never do little things.- As
ter cf Yuma county, who. cn Nov em-1 a matter of fart, everything out here
tf r V 1S17. rendered his judgment j is a hi? U:irg.
dsso'ving the v-rit of prohibition. A
totice cf appeal was 1 id by the pe- j
tKioner a few days after this
Men was rfnir", anu. upin aiMit-a-ticn
to Judse Baiter, fce fixed the
Exeunt cf supt red!s fc-o:.d. and a
bond was executed and approved by
Jude Bait'er on Pec. 15. 1917. Upon
tl e approval of this bond Judze ras
ter's decision of November lf'th was
order j
superseded, and the original
cciirt sr.I! have heard the
The action, therefor, of the beard of
s:-rv"r-.-fsorr. cn Dec. '17. IS17. in dis
missins the pe;icn. was wholly nug
rtory. ana in reality in contempt of
court. The petition filed last spring
15 still pending before the board of
supervisor, and it is doubtful if a
rew petition rsn be likd until that
cue i- disposed of.
"Another complication enters the
si us: ion from the f;-ct that if the ac
tion of the board on December 17 can-
i.nt he of effet. teanse of the ap-
r.cii. t.Xf-n ;t tut roli-ws trat any one p;R Tops." !
Fi-ning another petiticn for the saaia. Polv is j.ort wniie doilS ner -acf
j.yrrse would be dr.ing an ii'esal act. and s taken to the home of the local!
So that cf.er the evprknc? of the minister to be cared for. Here a
ii'ty odd Warren district people who cretty romance buds, but before j
w re haloi before the board of super- blooms it is interrupted by the gossip j
visors on December IS it is unlikely 0 fthe villagers, and Polly goes back)
thst they will sign another petiticn to the curcis. But the circus comes,
unii! the matter is finally disposed of hack another year and Polly and the;
in the supreme court. It might not minister pkk up the threads of their,
be a bad idea o let the wholem atter romance in a dramatic climax.
rest until after the war." The picture is filled with realistic;
'scenes of circus life, the most thrill-i
CHRISTIAN CHURCH
SOCIAL IS TONIGHT
The Christian church social, form
erly advertised for Friday night at
the fhnrch. wiM.be held Thursday
n.ght .tonight at eight o'clock. Cap-
ti-in Schwab of the Thirty-first in-
fi.ntry. naiiond at Lowell, has been
z.-ided to tt3 list of spe&krs. So also
a nuart-tie. mfiudmg J. P. William-
s n. I;r TueU. E. L. Biair and Ridtey
Hoepr. Refreshments w ill be serr-
ed in addition to a musical and speak-
ing program. Every one is invited
ar.d a larre c rowd is expected by
ihese in chaise of arrangements.
For Heating
The portable gas heater will take the chill off quickly and make the
dining rocm comfortable at meal time, and it will be found conveni
ent, too, for heating the bed room and bath room. Any home with
out a central heating plant has use for a gas heater. We carry sev
eral different types prices $1.75 to $9.00... See them as well as
other gas appliances at our store.
Bisbee Improvement Co.
County Road
Bonds in Demand
Parkas houses and bond handlers
irorn various iari ci lur iuuuu; 1 '
'akin about the one million dollar
they were disputing any of his fieures
that tne
assesse.: Taluation of ( ochise
ow one hundr
count
ndred and
fifty-one million dollars, and that they
thought there might be a clerical er
ror :n the fieiires.
While the amount does not stageer
os Anzonans. it must iook oig rrn
j to men who deal in bie figures. It
I must rive them the blind staggers
when they thing of Arizona having
i one county with an assessed varua-
Hon
of nearly one-sivth of a billion
drtiia. However.
the fact remains
valuation of Co-
'ijieed
iiir ninpii CTin in
.flftC hlMnOn 0 I Ail 111
POLLY OF THE CIRCUS
"Polly of the rirens," a tremendous 1
Goldwyn picture made from Margaret
i?a?'s great play, with famous little j
t -Mae 3iarsn as us tiar, wui w euunuj
Gold yn Picutres corporation, formed:
by Samuel Goldfish in association with'
Edgar Selwyn. Margaret Mayo, Arch-'
ibald Selwyn and a brilliant group of'
au'hors and playwriehts. I
The story of 'Polly." which has j
been given a tremendous production)
in its pictnrized form, is that of a'
motherless girl oT the circus, and ot
the part she plays in the drama of
life in a smalh American Tillage. It
is a romance of the sawdust ring and .
as been trmed "the classic of the'
ing of which is a fire in the big tent,
and fhe stampede of the audience. It
required a fully equipped circus to
produce this realism, and you are per
mitted to see a complete circus per
formance on the screen: the arrival
of a cirrus in the town at daybreak,
the great street parade, the departure
in the black of night. The greatest j
horse race scene ever put on the '
screen is another of the thrilling mci-
dents of ,his remarkable picture,
FORMER CHAMP WINS,
CHICAGO. Jan. 23. Robert Can-'
nefax. of St. Louis, former world cham-
pion three cushion billiard player, de-
feated harles Morin of Chicago tonight,
50 to 40. in the opening game of the
American billiard players' three cush-
ion tournament for the benefit of an
ambulance fund.
. k r
Aeliable
REGENTS STAND PAT
AGAIN ON LAYMAN
CONTRACT MATTER
Presence of Governor Hunt
and Members of State Com
mit sioners Visit Tucson and
Meet With Regents. Pro
ceedings Kept Secret
The Tucson Star yesterday morning
has the following account of the meet
ing held at the university on Tuesday:
"Governor George W. P. Hunt, the
members of the commission on state
institutions, and the board of regents,
met yesterday at the university, and
held a morning and afternoon session
to discuss the Lyman contract on the
mining building.
"While all sorts of reports were
current yesterday as to happenings in
the meetings, none of the reports were
authorized. However, at the end of
t'le conference it was known that Mr.
Lyman still heJd Mis contract and
there had been co resignations.
-Vha transpired at the meeting
was not revealed and will not be made
public until the minutes are transcrib
ed, when they become a public docu
ment. "The meeting was scheduled to be
gin st 10 o'clock, but it was 11 o'clock
before the conference began. Those
present included Chancellor W. V
Whitmore. TV. J. Bryan. Jr, R. Ras.
messen. Dean TA'illiam Scarlet of
Phoenix. Mrs. Bettie White of Doug
las. Mrs. C. M. Roberts of Willccx,
John T. Hughes of Tucson, C. O. Case,
superintendent of public instruction,
Governor Hunt. Homer Wood. Fred
C. Struckmeyer and Charles R. Osborn
of the commission on public institu
tions. "Among the report rife in the city
were to the effect that the resignation
or Charles F. Willis as director of the
bureau of mines was sought by the
visitors, it being known that charges
had been filed against Willis. It was
also said that the visitors sought re
moval of Dean Forbes.
"AJ1 these reports wre declared
unfounded last night, and It was said
that a delicate situation had develop
ed whic.i indicated that unity was
more than probable."
;AD BREATH
Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets Get
at the Cause and Remove it
Dr. Edwards Olive Tablets, the substi
tute for cakxaeL act gentry 00 the bowels
ar.d positively do the work.
People afflicted with bad breath find
quick relief through Dr. Edwards
Olive Tablets. The pleasant sugar
coated tablets are taken for bad breath
by til who know them.
Dr. Edwards Olive Tablets act gently
but firrfy cs the bowels and liver,
stimulating them to natural action,
clearing the blood and gently put if y ing
the entire system. They do that which
dangerous calomel does without any
of the bad after effects.
All the benefits of nasty, sickening:
griping cathartics are derived from Dr.
EdwvdaT Olive Tablets without griping.
pain or any disagreeable effects.
Dr. F. M. Edwards discovered the
formula after seven teen years of prac
tice among patients afflicted with
bowel and liver complaint, with the
attendant bad breath.
Dr. Edwards Olive Tablets are purely
a vegetable compound mixed with olive
OH; you will know them by their olive
color. Take one or two every night fot
a week and note the effect. 10c and 25c
per box. AH druggists.
; :
Embree Active
In Wobbly Work
According to the last Issue of the
official paper cf the I. W. W..'s "The
Industrial .Worker." A. S. Embree.
formerly of this district. Is now locat
ed In Chicago. The article also gives
some other information that may be
ot interest to the resident of the War
ren District, and is as follows:
"Me'.al M'.ne Workers' Industrial
t'nlon Xo. 800 has established a cen
tral office at Phoenix. Arizona, for the
district of southern California. New
Mexico and Arizona. Fellow Worker
( has. G. Fuller was elected secretary
of this office, while Fellow Worker
McMillan was elected as district
organizer.
"A. S. Embree, who was recently
acquitted in Tucson. Ariz and is now
acting as secretary-treasurer of L I.
No. 800. requests that all members
give as much aid as possible in secur
ing the addresses of all fellow work
ers who were deported from Bisbee.
and send them to him to 1001 W.
Madison street. Chicago. 111., or to
Fellow Worker Chas. G. Fuller. Box 10.
Phoenix. Ariz, as it is intended to
bring suit for damages by May or
June."
GIVES SELF UP. j
4 By Review l.-ased Wire
DENVER, Jan. 23. Abraham Sisack !
one of the four men accused of thej
robbery of Mrs, Harry T. Nolan, wife
of a Denver business man, at a road
bouse the morning of January . re
turned to Denver voluntarily today
and gave bond for $3,000.
Rough grains usually
hard to handle, but ad
visable through war ne
cessity raise perfectly
when mixed with (B-92)
Crescent
Double Acting Baking Powder
BISBEE STANDING !
HIGH IN SUPPORT I
OF FRENCH ORPHANS:
The Pr.ris edition of the Ntw Yoik
Herald ptibilslied recently the nauies
of American cities which have adopt
ed French war orpins and Bisbee
makes a good showing therein. The
Herald says under date of I:-c. 2'Jth.
"When, the administrative commit
tee of the Fatherless Cti'.drea ot
France met yesterday announcement
was made cf receipt by the chair
man cf n cht'que for t.750.00 francs
sent by the American coaimitties o!
the Fatherless Children of France in
confirmation of the declaration made
at the great ceremony at the Sor
bonne on Chrstmas eve as follows,
America announces with much plea
sure the adopt ioa of an ad liiiotinl
number cf 7"'9 children of lr-iicc"s
soldier who Lae died that Liberty
oiay live in the aor'd." "
This Is a partial iit of thi lar?rr
?it!es snd the namfwr cf children
ido;jted:
Bisbee 1C3
Boston 648
Cleveland 27
Chicago 725
Columbus 166
Denver 28
Duluth 138
Honolulu 47
Kansas City 156
Los Angeles 141
Minneapolis 58
New Haven 54
Memphis 115
New York 80
Omaha 25
Pasadena 12
Philadelphia 418
Portland, Ore. 20
Seattle 41
San Antonio 10
St. Louis 31
San Francitco 252
Toledo 1C30
Washington ; 100
M;s. W. H. Hrophy U chairman for
Cochise county of the Fatherless Chil
dren of France, and it is due to her
energy and bard work that such an
excellent showing was made.
SUFFERED WITH
RHEUMATISM, CATARRH
AND STOMACH TROUBLE
j "1 think Number 40 For The Blood
: as a blood purifier has no equal. When
I began to take Number 40 I was in
very poor health as I had Rheumatism.
1 Catarrh. Stomach Trouble, Lead Pois-
oning and an Itch that I had tried al
If it is something you want
to buy or sell or that you
have lost or found the best
way you have to let the
public know about it is to
ADVE
Our Classified Columns each
day bring seller and buyer
this paper you
can reach more than 12,000
people daily in the Warren
district.
The Bisbee
Phone 39
Diii:ssi:s foii small war orphaxs
MADE FROM OCTU'OH.X MEX'S SHWTi
WV yt- V
0 -:r-c5 Mil'
Sirs. A. D. uilnorr and the frocks for war orphans she makes from dis-
carded shirts.
MckirR fress?s and clothes Tor war orphans from out won or dis
carded shirts i the original and resourceful idea of Mrs. A. D. Cilmore,
who has or.-.nir.ed a club fot h work and hss volunteered to instruct other
clubs in the undertaking- Her r'an u ;o put to .Cod use the rr.cterial ordi
narily thro-xn way in men's shirts that have been discarded when they
fcave be?un to .-w wear nj pate! :r.j; Mrs. GiImo heps te sapply
considerable nun! tr of .rns.-nt. to the sciall children ia such real need
of th-m abroad
most every known remedy to no avail.
I have taken six battles and am on a
fast road to recovery. I owe my life
to Number 40 as I used to weigh 1S7
pounds and now weigh 14S, my usual
weight I could write more but this Is
enough to convince the most skeptical
and you are at liberty to use this let
ter anyway you desire," CeO. Klinker,
Lima. Ohio.
The Ingredients in Number 40 For
a a L. a aSssjy aUne
Daily Review
Main Street
The Blood are set down la the U. S.
Dispensatory and other reliable med
ical books as follows: "Employed in
diseases of the glandular system, in
blood poison, constipation, sfrmach and
liver troubles, chronic rheumatism, ca
tarrh, sores, ulcers, skin eruptions,
mercurial and lead poisoning. I'ndor
its use nodes, tumors, scrolulous swell
in rs that have with stood all other
treatment disappear as if by magic."
i
J
r
n
i (
SEVEN
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY MORNING, JANUARY 24, 1918.
r
"V
-
t
IP
5
1
I
1
X
Review Want Ads
Advertisements under thla head at the rate of 1 cent per word tor eaci;
tease, with a mlannnm charge of 2S cent. Advertisements must reach Ta
Review office net later than S p. nt. for Insertion in the next morning paper
Male Help Wanted
WANTED A track gardener, a mar
ried man to wcrk on shares, every-,
thing furnished. Apply Bert Mor-j
ton. Taylor Bridge, Sulphur Springs'
Talley. l-H
WANTED Bell coy
HoteL
Copper
Queen
406
Female Help Wanted
WANTED Woman cook
at the Stas
Club. 574:
WANTED Girl in lunch room. Bon-:
anza lunch counter. Lowell. E. S. '
McCardL 606 (
4
For Sale
FOR SALE Day old chicks that lire.
Write for nrices. J Albert Lizgett'
Hatchery, R. 2 Phoenix Arizona. 569
FOR SALE Good piano cheap
and
other household furniture. 9S O. K.
Street at end. 594
!
FOR SALE ON SACRIFICES John-j
son Hotel in Johnson Camp. Ariio-; -
na, 10 rooms furnished with dining,
room and one priTate house 14x20.!
all for $759 cash. Talue $1500 when
built. Apply A. Hines. Johnson Sup
ply Co, or Box 3361 Lowell, Ariz.
60S
FOR SALE Two good pack bnrros
and colts cheap if taken at once. 76
Laundry Hill. Phone 61L 617
SCREEN PORCH FOR SALE. $60. L.
FrancisJO Laundry Hill. 593
FOR SALE The best paying
business tn the district, man and
wife can attend to it.
Monthly sales j
liars (U.OOOl.i
orer one thousand dollars
Long lease, reasonable rent. JI.ChX)
will handle. Address Box 311 Low
ell. Arizona. 599
FOR SALE Three room house with l
back screen porch. 101 Art Hi'.L 575 j
FOR SALE--Four 4 room houses. Mas
on Hill. Hogan A- Seed. Phone 10.
495 j
FOR SALE One Underwood type-!
writer in excellent condition. Price
S50 cash. Buxton Smith Co. 530 j
FOR SALE Valley farm, small pay-J
znent down, time on balance, some
improvements. E. P. GrindelL Me-1
NeaL 4S0i
BUY McNEAL BASIN LAND, shallow j
water, small monthly payments.
P. GrindelL McNeaJ.
4S0 ',
j
farm.
Two
Grin-!
49 1
153 ACRES improved McNeal
Owner away, must be sold,
crops will pay it out. E. P.
dell, McNeaL
IF YOU WANJrA HOM.i-wjii sIlpusr. iiui be dose in. Box S4.
yoa the lot and build yoa a house.
Terrcs to suit purchaser. Wm. Me
DoupaL contractor and bcilder.
Ton;bstone Canyon opp. . Lincoln
School. 479
BOOK OF POEMS "Westland Echoes
by Ned White, at the Rummage Sa
for Red Cross. 523
FOR SALE Ford roadster almost
new. Myers, Darling Hfcton Co.
O. K. Street. 396
FOR SALE At sacrifice, account sick
ness, the Home Industry Furniture
store rooming house. Inquire
H5me Industry Furniture Store.
LowelL 7S3
Miscellaneous
OLD CLOTHES
739.
BOUGHT. Phone '-
j
FOR RENT Large housekeeping
room. j
FOR SALE Three 3-4 beds complete.)
cheap.
IK) XT BOTHER WITH COAL OR )
nod. See the oil and eas burner
demonstrated, fits any stove or'
range. No. 142 Back El Paso House !
Brewery Ave. 630 !
Found
FOUND Tire rim Goodyear casing
34x4. Call J. J. Brown 69 Mason
HilL 616
Money to Loan
$50,000 TO LOAN an improved cit7
property or for building, on easv
terms of payment. T. A. Hue her.
over Bank of Bisbee.
SMALL quick loans on your personal
note to salaried men and women, al
so on furniture. Cox Loni Co. Roori
2. Lyric Theatre building. 165
PETEY DINK Oh, Isn't
r M tMUi-ii mm 'mmh
Furnished Rooms
FOR RENT Famished rooms forj
light housekeeping, reasonable. 56
Upper liowell, across from depot.
610'
FOR RENT 3 rooms furnished forj
housekeeping. 102 Higgins HilL 61$ j
FOR RENT Housekeeping rooms,
light and water. 41B O. K. St. 624
FOR RENT Two nice warm rooms.
also place for car.
26
Tombetcne :
Canyon.
625,
FOR RENT Two
rooms. 49 O. K. St.
housekeepi
26 :
j FOR RENT Two newly furnished ;
! housekeeping rooms, no children.
Butl-a- House. 627 i
!
FOR RENT Housekeeping rooms
rear South Bis bee store. 62S
1 FOR RENT Three
housekeeping
rooms, partly furnished. 20OTorr.b-i
stone Canyon, Metz car stop, no cbil-i
dren. 603 '
FOR RENT Housekeeping rooms, a
Te HilL Johnson Addition. 5u
FOR RENT Large newly furnished'
front room piano, sunshine, wnll
beds. Can be arranged for house-
i keeping, over Independent Frl !
store. 538
FOR RENT Furnished room. Henk?l'
Flat. Wm. Osborn. 5 IS'
iFQR RENT Two furnished house
i i : . . . . . ..... :
I secmg room, i iaunary M.u. ' . j
J. Shearer. 51
FOR RENT-Furnished
?1 42 Q"3 HU1
front roc -3
or Phcne i;-.
5 4
r OR RENT Two furnished rooms fcr .
lisht housekeeping. Ho'brook houej
aco Road. . 6C5
! FOR RENT
Housekeeping roon s.
Letscn HoteL
4C5 ,
FOR RENT One furnished room ne r
new school in Warren. P. W. Dixr a
' 43 :
FOR RENT Two room partly furnish !
ed apartment. Inquire 64 Robert i
Ave Mason Hill. ZC .
MOOSE HOTEL Furnished roorr:3
12.00 per week and up. 37 1 .
Wanted
WANTED Four or five room hoes ? i
partly furnished with.bath. close i.
State terms, location. Address A.
L. R, care Review. 67
WANTED Board and room for mar-
nea coupie or room near boardinT
60).
WANTED To buy a 4 room housi
close in. State terms. Acdress "
O. Box 2419 Bisbee. 577
WANTFD To rent famished house c r
furnished housekeeping rooms, wal -in?
distance Convent. J. B. M R.
view . 5' ;
j WANTED From one to five hundre I i
shares of Marcbant Calculating Mr-'
chine stock, irust be cheap. H.
Fee. Phoex. Ariz, Gon'l Dei. 47 -.
WANTED Will pay $1.50 for doub:-?
beaded hardwood barrels at o
markets in Brewery Gulch and i
Lowell, or at slaughter house in ri:
Luis. Barrels must r,e in good cor i
tlition. Tovreas. 4- ; ;
442'tt A-vED A partcer to conduct a rc-
tall nu.'k depot, must have son o
money. Address R. G-, care Review.
tz :
AGENT WANTED In this district
the new fuO vaporizer for autr-
mobiles, saves up to 50 percent of
gasoline. Agents are making fro:.
$10 to $50 per day. Write and I wil!
call on you. Chas. F. Hofeldt, Bir
bee. Arizona. 55
Positions Wanted ' j
WANTFD Place at once either in
boarding house or chambermaid,
colored lady. Mrs. E. M. Lewis. Re
view. 61 5
COIiORED WOMAN wishes work as
chambermaid. M. K.. Review. 57J
THO.-E DESIRING scrices of speti: I
nurse in the home call at 49 Nac
! Rrad or addnss Mrs. Hinkle. Ho
j 6-.l- 5'
PEVIEW WANT AOS FCR RZSULT-
That Nice?
MINE RESCUE WORK
ONE OF SUBJECTS
BY SAFETY EXPERT
The European war has greatly in
creased interest in the machines us-d
to make troops safe against gas at
tacks. This machine is similar to
those used in mining operations, which
erable the miners to go into eas that
ordinarily would be fatal This ma
chine will be demonstrated by S. C.
Dickinson, when he is in Bisbee on
the Arizona State Bureau of Mines
lecture course which will be given at
the Y. M. C. A. beginning today, and
continuing Friday and Saturday.
The mine rescue machine has been
a wonderful life saver in both metal
and coal mines and has served as a
means of getting close to mine fir?s
for the purpose ot fighting them. T.ie
use of this machine has extended o
the fire departments of the large cities
so that now a fireman does not stand
I
on the outside with a hose, but cm
go right where the gases and the
smoke are the thickest. The demon
stration of this machine will be but
a part of the many interesting things
that will take pla?e during the three
days Dickinson will be in town. Vie
community is going to avail them
selves of his services to the fullest!
extent, for, besides the evening illu
strated lectures, he will also spenk
before the Woman's clan, and the hirh
school.
Dickinson has a message to delivr
that everyone should hear, and will
give those of this community son-e
very interesting evenings. First les
ture today at. 1:30 and tonight at
7 o'clock.
For Rent
FOR RENT 4 room furnished house.
Apply 207 Highroad. 6; 9
FOR RENT I room house furniture
for sale, mnst be sold within 2 davs.
Address 115 Higgins HilL Call 21..
5?1
FOR RENT Modern 4 room houso.
John WohlschlegeL Opera Drive. 5; 2
FOR RENT 4 room fcrnisued touer
Warren. Hcgan & Sted. 5'JJ
FOR RENT 3 room apartment com
pletely furnished for lisut liourir
keeping. Very desirable. Ailea
Block. Inquire of M. C. High. S. $
TOR RENT or lease, storace room oa
O. K. street, spp'.y Buiton-Sn;ith Co.
Brewery Gukh. 532
LOST
LOST By Tombstone stage. extr
tire. Return to Bisbee Auto Co. and
receive $20 reward. 623
LOST Black far neck-piece between
.Lowell and - ismkorrille TiKwSt'.
Finder please leave at Lowell Hotel.
604
LOST Bunch of keys between Lowell
and Bisbee. January 21st. Return
to Independent Fuel and Feed store
and receive liberal reward. 6(1
Professional Cards
(MRS. J. W.) CLARA LONGAKER
MORLEY. teacher of piano, student
of the Northwestern Conservatory
of Music. 105 Mason HilL Then?
Green 702. 315
MA FAME J. REA KEYS. St. T.eis In
tel. LowelL Ariz. Phone 62. Clair
voyant, and crystal reader. Dea i
trance spirit medium born with a
double veil, without ssking questions
gives vol dates, facts and figure
and will read your entire lite. 57
t Legal Notices.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior
U. S. LAND OFFICE at Phoenix. Ari
zona. Jar vary 12. 191 .
NOTICE is her-by given that Goorre
W. Kcnhey. of Bisbee. Arizona, whu,
'n Ja!y 7. 1916. made Homestead Er
ry. No. ""0?67. for Township 22:'.
Range 2rE. G. & S. R. B. a.- Meridian,
hus filed entice cf intention to maks
three year Proof, to establish c'.pir.t
to the land above described, before
Jared D. Taylor. U. S. CommissioneT
tt Bi.stee. Arizona, eo the 2th day of
"etruery. 191S.
Clarniant names as wHness: E1"
vrard E. Thoa-us. of Bisbee. Ariznns
(lar'fs N. Thc.nas. of Utubi-e. Ariz:-
na; Aug:Ft F. IirnPeo. of Lowell. Ari
rona; Keller Hogan. of Bisbee. Arizo
ca.
JOHN L. IRV1N. Resister.
First PiiblicaUon January 19. 191S.
RED CROSS FEOPLE
MEETs DECIDE UPON
AGGRESSIVE ACTION
Risbee's chapter or the American
Red Cross, in its regular semi-monthly
meeting at the Y. M. C. A. yesterday
adopted the organization plan of the
parent organization and as recommend
ed by it. This plan advises all ot the
various branches to follow ihe general
start in order to standardize the work
The executive committee postponed
and selection of chairman for the va
rious committees until the chairman
of the chapter returned to the Dis
trict. A more aggressive policy was urged
by several of the members of the com
mittee, particularly with reference to
the publicity of the Chapter. It was
proposed that each month a detailed
statement of the finances be given to
the press. It was also suggested that
complete details regarding the wcrk
be given to the papers at regular in
tervals. The appointment ot a publi
city committee and the organizaticn. i
or re-organization, of the varum scom
mittees will be made very shortly.
Upon motion it was decided to ask '
the finance committee of the Chapter
to provide a monthly budget of $2.0(H
to carry on the work this spring. This
amount was agreed upon following the
drawing of an estimate of the needs
of the local workers, based upon the
amounts nsed for the last few months
and work accomplished during that
time.
BURNED TO DEATH.
LINCOLN, Neb.. Jan. In a fire t"
night which partly destroyed the
stands of the Lincoln Western leagre
ball park. Mrs. Ed Connell and 9-year-old
danehter were seriously, perhaps
fatally burned. They iare the wife a?d
child of the caretaker of the park. The
cause of the lire is unknown.
A CHILD HATES OIL,
CALOMEL, PILLS FOR
LIVER AND BOWELS
i
of
Give "California Syrup
Figs if cress, sick, feverish,
constipated.
Look back at your childhood days. ;
RTnt'itiSr tho .Irt' nintinr incttefl .
on castor oil. calomeL cathartics.
How,yu hated them, Ljw you fought
acainst taking them.
With our children it's differen.
Mothers who cling to the old form c'
physic sirrply don't reeltze what Cry '.
io. The children's revolt is well-foun 1-
ed. Their tender little- "insides" ara
injured bj iienu,. ..,
If your child's stomach, liver an
bowels need cleansing, give only deli -
cious "California Syrup tf Figs.- lu
action is positive, but gentle. Millions
of mothers keep this harmless "fruit
laxative" handy; thev know children
love to laSe it: that it never fails t
clean the liver and bowels and sweeten
the stomach, and that a teaspoonfu'
given today saves a sick child tomor
row. Ask your drusst for a bot
tle of "California Syrup of Figs,"
"vhica has full directions for babies.
children of all ages and for grown-ups
plainly on each bottle. Beware of
"ounterfeits sold here. See that it is
mads by "California Fi? Syrup Com
pany." Refuse any tith'T k'ni wit.;
contcmpL (Advertisement)
Legal Notices
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION j
Department cf the Ir.tirior j
'. S. LAND OFFICE at Phoenix. Ari
zona. January 12. 191!. !
NOTICE ii hereby given that Clair!
V. Ivardmn. of G-'-rces. Arizona. whV
on October 24. 1912. n.ale Hoaies'.f a 1 i
Ent-y No. 013C50 for- EUfW'i. W-;
RE'4 and on May 19. 19:4". nad? addi
tions! Homestead Kntry. No. i25127.
'or KHNW'i and VtXEU. Section
Z9 Ttiwnsh'p 2CS. Ranse 21 E. G. S.
"v. TJ & Vtriilian. has filed notice cf
lTiUntfcn to make three year Proof, ta
:stfblish clam to the land above df
scrihed. before W. A. Fowler. U. S.
r,oiT;Tihi!er- st TomKs'one. Arizon;-.
-n 1Pth day of February. 191S.
Clnin ant r?rr.es as it:.ews; Floyd
'.V. Sperow. (;.K)rpe J. Mc'nbc Mi'ton
'"'ark. a'l ihre? of Hcre'ord. Arizona:
Wcr-ce W. Clsrkson. of Cjr;es. Arl
zoni. JOHN L IRVIN. R?ister.
Firyf p ihlicstii d January 19. 1918. .
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION J
Department of ir.e Interior. U. 3. j
Laud Off:ce at Phoenix. Arizona, .
December 29. 1917.
Notice is hereby given tha. Chutles
N. Tiiomas of Bisbee. Arizona, w ho on '
A u trust 8. 1917. mr.le homestead .'Jn-
try No. C2SN5 for N. 12. NE. 1-4. t c. j
21. W. 12 NV. 1-4. SE. 1-1 NW. 1-4.1
NE. 1-4. SW. 1-4. NW. 1-4 SE. 1-4. Sec
tion 22. Township 22 S.. Range 23 E
G. S. R. B. and Meridian, ha ffd
notice of intention to make three year
proof to establish claim to the la .d
above described, before Jared D. T.ty
lor. U. S. Commissioner, at Bisbee.
Arizona, on the 4th day of Februa.y.
191$. I
Claimant names as witnesses:
William F. Munch. Edward E.
Thomas George W. Keahey. George
F. Cobbe. all of Bisbee. Arizona.
JOHN L. IRV-V.
He g ise-
First publication. Jan. 3. 131S. 127
Last publication Feb. 4. 191S.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Denartment of the Interior.
U. S. LAND OFTCE at ?hoen"..
Arizona. Dec 15. 1917. 1
NOTICE is herebv given that Julius
E. Haase. fef Hereford. Arizona, wl- v
cn March 4. 1914. made Homeste. d
Entry No. 024329 fof SE 1-4 Sec. 13. T.
23 S R. 22 E, and on March 1. 19:"..
made Additional Homestead Enti
No C25S4. for Lot 3 and E 1-2 and E
1-2 SW 1-4. Section 19. Township 13
? . Range E. G. S. R. B. and Meri
dian, has filed notice of intention to
make tiirte-year Proof, to establi.'
cla'in to the land attove described. 1 "
fore Jared D. Taylor. U. S. Commx
sioner. at Bisbee. Arizona, on the 23: 1
day of January. 191$.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Herrtan Haase. Samuel C. Gile.
Leslie Wilcox. Frank C. Cobbe, all
Hereford. Arizona.
J. L. IRVIN. Register.
Adv. 9C."
Hrst PuMica'Jon. Fee. 20. 1917.
Last Publication. January 23. 1918.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
: Department of the Interior.
J U. S. LAND OFFICE at Pboenix
j Arizona. Dec. 15, 1917. .
NOTICE is hereby given thf
Charles R. Hannon. ot Bisbee. Ariion..
who. on May 13, 1917. made Horn -siead
Entry No. 02S444. fbr NE X-'
Section 27. Tawnship 22 S, Ranpe 2
E.G.4 S.R. Meridian, has filed nc;
ice or intention to make ftve-yex-;
Proof, to establish claim to the lar '
atove described, before Jared I
' Taylor, I. S. Commissioner, at Bisbe.
Arizona, on the 23rd day of January
191S. '
Claimant names as witnesses:
John A. Wallace, Pe'er B C-an-:
Retibca letter. Mack Cleveland, all i
Bisbee, Arizona.
J. L. IR1N. Recistc
Adv. 9t.
First Putlicaticn. Dec 20. 1917.
I Lsrt Publication. January 23. 191 S.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
; "
: DeFartment th. interior,
r;. S. LAND OFFICE . at Phoci
; Arizona. Dec 15, 1917.
; NOTICE is hereby given that Josef i
' Stocis, of HereSrd. who, on Oct !
1913. made Homestead Entry N
023537 for W 1-2 SW 1-4. and S 1-2 XV
1-4. Sec 33: T. 2S S R. 2i E, ana t
Oct 23. 1915. .ada additional hom
ftead entry. No. 02S6C5. for N. X-2. a:: .
W. 1-2 NE 1-4. Section S3. Townsh
23 S, Ranee !1 E, G. 4 S. R. B. at..l
Meridian, has t:led notice of intentto
to make three-year Proof, to stable v
. c!a:m to the land abtove described, b
ire Jared D. Taylor, U. S. Com mi
. :oner. ai aisoee. r:zona. on we
day of January, 191 S.
Claimant caroes as witnesses:
Joseph ZaleskL Dayton L. Grahar ,
Jr.. bath of Hereford. Arizona; Lewi
T. Wolfe, Een Morgan, both of Garce
Ar.:;ona. J. L. IRVIN. Keeiste
Adv. 9i-
M.-st rubi:c!tlDt. Doc. 2t. 1917.
Last Publication. January 22. 191S.
-NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior
U. S. LAND OFFICE at PhoenL .
Arizona. Dec. 19. 1917.
NOTICE is hereby given thai Cale'
A. Newman, of Hereford. Arizona, wh 1
on Feb. 11. 1911. made Home.stoad E:.
try No. 013ri'S for SE" Sec. U"-. T. - :
S- R. 2 E.; and on Sept. 2. 1915 ma5-
Additional Homestead Entry, N--.
02S20S. for SE'.SW. Sec-iou ".
Township 22S , Uanje OE, i S. I .
B. i Meridian, las filed notice o' ir
teniicn to make fie-jear I roof. to e.
tablish claim to the land above d -scribed,
before Jared D. Taylor. L". .
Coramisiioner. at Bisbee, Arirona, c:i
Ce I2th day of February.. 131i.
Claimant names a iti;e?es: Ro
A. Newman. James W. i!a.-erty, Jcel
Lodge
BISBEE LODGE. WO. 718.
IwU every FriOa Moos Rail
, ksiuutf brother) cordir.il invited.
. fe. XUMbOX Dictator.
KAY KOSS. Secretary.
lOAL OHANUfc INSTITUTlOi
UNITED STATES OR AMERICA
OftEAONOUGHT.
L. O. L. NO. Zta
Meets la L O
O. F. Ball tirtt
and tklr
MONDAY
at T.30 p. m.
Visiting brotfr
era cordial ij
tnrrted to t
uoa.
GEO LEE MAN, W. M
ROBERT rEHGta. SwrMiri
P. O. Box 424, Bis!?.
WEEK ENDING JAN. 26, 1918.
Monday
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday .
W. W. GIDLEY. W. M.
B. T. W ATKINS. Secy. F. A. M.
J. W. TOLAND. E. H. P.
C. F. PHILBROOK. T. L M.
F. E. BENNETT. E. C.
F. S. DAVENPORT. Secretary Chap
ter and Conunandery.
W. R. BANKS, Secretary Council.
t. f. a.
FRATERNAL
BROTHERHOOD
Bisbee Lodgw No
53 meets tbe is
and 3rd Monday
of each month, at
7:30 at Mtdlfo
vlch Han. Visit
j-v S
a.embr cordially lnvtted.
'"HiL. DAVIS, President.
VHS.C.E FLNOTTL Treasure
Box 722. TeL 53S. Red.
KATHER1NE EALHOLM. Secret ar?
PYTHIAN SISTERS
Lily Temple No. 3 meets every 2nd
and 4th Thursday evening of each
month at Odd Fellows HalL Visiting
sister are cordiallv invited.
MINNIE BLUM. M. E. C.
Phone Black S51.
IDA GLAZE, M. of R. C.
Fhone Black 420
WARREN MINING DISTRICT
CHAPTER AMERICAN RED CROSS
Executive committee meets second
and foni th Wednesdays of each montz
at T. M. C A. AH memSera urged to
meet and confer with committee after
each regular meeting.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of th Interior.
U. S. LAND OFFICE at rhoenlx.
Arizona. Dec 15. 1917.
NOTICE is hereby given thaL as
directed by the CoxmissR-aer of the
General Land office, under prorision
of Sec 2155, R. pursuant to the ap
plication of Ella C. l"indnt-. Serial Nc
C29777. we will offer at public sale,
to the hi chest bidder, but at not less
than 12.50 per acre, at 10:00 o'clock
A. M... on the 29th day of January.
191S. next, at this office, the followinc
tract of land: NE 1-4 SE Sec. 17. T.
23 ST R. 21 E, G-. and S. R. M.
This tract is ordered into the market
cn a showing that the greater portion
is mountainous or too rough for cultiv
ation. The sale will not be kept open, but
will be declared closed when those
present st the hour named have ceas
ed bidding. The person mating tne
highest bid will be reouired c Im
mediately pay to the Receiver the
amount thereof.
Any persons claiming adversely the
above-ie r-bed land are advised t
file their claims, or objections, on cr
btfore tbe time designated for sale.
JOHN L. IRVIN. Register.
JOHN J. BIRDNO. Receiver.
Adv. 93
First Publication. Dec. 29. 1917.
Last Publication. January 29. 191S.
P. Steeie. John F. Ash worth, all el
Gjrces, Arizona.
J. L IRVIN. Resister
First publication January 12. 191S.
4
I
I
I t
Notices
JLNiO OKOfcH UNITED AMERI
CAN MECHANICS.
Meets in Medigjv.c
H1L sect'iid and fourth
Taendaya each Booth.
Vial Ling kroihrw wal
coma. S. F. BENTON. Councillor.
J. L. BENTON. Recording SecreLiry.
lodge Na en.
Reinlar meet ins Cm and third Fr
tay of each moata. Mtuilng hrothara
ordiJly Invited to attend
A E. WARNER. Exited Rul.
J. A. KELLY, Secretary
FRATERNAl ORDER EAGLES.
Bbe Aerl.j. No, I7C, F. a E, meet
flrs; and third MONDAYS. . p.
c'azles HJL Visiter cordially i
mm.
J. F. WILMOTH, President
F. C. FENDERSON. Secretary.
C. L. EDMONSON. Aerie l'hjcian.
KNIGHTS AND LADIES OF 8ECUR
ITY. BISBEE COUNCIL Na 2115
Meets avery Second and Fourth Sat-
ordays In th nrtmth at L O. O. F.
hall, 7:30 p. m. YUltlnx mem bars ar
cordially invited.
ARNOLD SCHMID. PwsZdent. P. O
Box 34S3. Lowell. Ariz.
FREDERICK J. ATTAWAT.
Secretary. UbwaU.
E, U.XPQCI3T.
Financial Secretary, p. o. Box J244.
Lowell.
BISBEE LODGE. No. id. L O. O, F.
ateeta evry
WEDNESDAY
evening at Odd
italn street at 7:03 p. a. VlfdOij
hrothera cordially invited attend.
ll phon l)f.
H. R. TAYLOR. N. G.
CARL V. NELSON. Secretary.
IMPROVED ORCER RED MEN.
Meets Qrst aU tn'rd
Thursday at 7:s0 p. m.
tn MediRovtcb HalL KU
Tisiting R4 Men lrvite
to atteno.
SAM KYALL .Sachem.
VY. D. LOHk. Medlclae Man
F. C rtNDtRSON. C. of R.
OCiK.N WOODMEN OF AMERICA
VviJ Bisbe Camr No. Li4li
aieeu nrsi iolay at
Odd Fellows KaiL
R. L MOTZ. t'cntl
H, F MATHEWSON.
Clark.
OROER OF EASTERN STAR.
meets in Masonic Ha!
f In Masonic Hal! second and
lourth Tuenday af aac
rimtii t 7-30 n m
MRS.
EMMA WOODS. W. M.
Phona 161. Fox 43. Bisbee.
MRS. JESSIE BEY AX. Sec'y. P. O.
Box 2299. Chairman Relief Com..
Phona 1(1.
WOODMEN OP THE WOtLD.
L"ireU Camp No 4 will
nseet every WereaOar
f-kr4 . at 7:30, Bronzy BaU.
O. R THOMAS. Cerk.
AU vtuodmea invited.
BROTHERHOOD CF AMERICAN
YEOMAN
Richard L Homestead S95. meets
seconl and fourth Tuesday at Odd
Fellows' halt Visiting Archers ar
cordially Invited.
MRS. C C. FINLAYSON. treniaa
P. a Box 1526.
E. D. STINSON. CorrespondenL
Box 1495.
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS
Ct).) T v. ...
m V Knights of Pythias
VSy nwts Thursday
Y?;'N" (except second) in Odd
VjJ Fc'lows HaU at 7:30
i,- P- a- siting brothers
Vjf cordiallv Invited.
I.t-TN II. RICE. C. C.
EARL SORI.EY. K. cf R. S
By C A. VCIGiiT
0
10 EIGHT
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY MORNING, JANUARY 21, 191S.
H EAT
"J
5r.v,.r,e yon? Or lL IV Jii iL
hae ynu e !teri"iiicl ? If so. call '3
. m. and tell
PI. one :'.!.
Greater Stars
Jewel Production Extraordinary LOIS WEBER'S POWERPJL PLAY in 7 Acts 1
CONTINUOUS TO 11 P. M.
"EYEM AS Y
THE SCREEN'S MCST
REMARKABLE
PRODUCTION
Yon Ail Will
Remember Her
f.s the Little
1
r '. f !1
4
GOLDWYNIfr
IS IN PHOENIX.
Albort lH-tloff of tho ()nhen:n Thea
tre is pending a few days i!i Phm-nn
on m short basiuess trip. Me is r peel
ed ho.ne this evening-
FRESEriTS
0 fs
: a a a & l u g
E I h .1 rt "n. . f i . . t
k 1 ST. f narA .l-LU r, tne Sjcielv K.ii.or.
It 1 I s! 1 1 I (K
tj
?;7?.OV, 3GLGLAS.
t. L. i:u;ler was in the (
:r.::.i ! l.is ar. 1 m;
iTto ;i.e Co. it sJ:ia
ast
i , .
1 T 2.ij I frp7r.;-r!v
I
rt
is
IS
M
I
0
I
!
R
I
I
- - - -,
lit ' r V- - .- - v - - - : , ;
of the 1 1 : ; : . ;
8 mi mwm.
T5E WORLD FAILED
PLAY BY
MARGARET ?,LYO
Marsh V
1' in Po!!yof
s'-' ttCircu"
Coldwyn
Girl
lu6
of
a
j
t
I;
h'
V
I
ly ;!. Lrn- al oC a Lcby :irl. Al!
CA2Y G;PL.
I !e I.oli.o t
n TV
to-
ni e y.
SHE JUMPED OVER A
CLIFF TO ESCAPE THE
NEGRO; AND IN
UNDELIVERED MESSAGES.
There are telegrams at the Western
I'nion office for the following named
parties: A. H. H:ir.man or I.linLry; t
O. Rubon; l F. Kapan anil ila:.i;m Ke-ceiuhez.
"Intolerance"
SHE IS THE GIRL OF
THE MODERN
EPISODE.
, SMALL BLA2E.
The Ii:e 'ivpnTtnient was ralKnl o;;t
yesterday nu::n :o rut oiit a sma'.i
t.au ca t'ie rcot oi a liouse on Op -rs
I.rive. The tlama.-e was slichl aad
v?j cau?;!!t from a detective t.u?.
J 1 LOIS r,.i,5i,' r .. r x
crir onx- Iv f v . ' " - - - -. . . ' . ' ' ' j " "s '
S npK J- -.- fcrv in Mwn P- - - "' .' ' '.'V"-
2 i i' nvuwrfui kcu i -- : . i, ;
y v: .
S Com.T.e-.c!rg j '
it at e:u i
DON'T MISS THIS, OF ALL TREATS
LEFT FOR LOS ANGELES.
Jams Brophy. cf the Brophy Car
riage Company of Ixweil. left last
evenin; for Los Aneeles on the Golden
Stste Limited where he wiil remain
for a tew weeks on a vacation trip.
'i
i. of tae S
ADMISSION:
MATINEE 15 CEiNTS.
NIGHT: Adults 25c, Giildren 15
T3
aiOL j
COMING SATURDAY
in "Rebecca of
Sunnvhrook Farm"
i
1 1 1 1 1 l I I T
W!LL ADDRESS LADIES.
Iro-:;sor S. C. Dickinson.
unirersity of Ar!zraa. wi l adaiis
;he vor.ien of tbe Warren district a:
tl:e V. :J. C. A. a!ong ihe i.n? of fooil
consenatxn at 3 p. m. on TiursUay.
LEFT LAST NIGHT.
Ross Griffitu of the Huxton Snith
company did rot leave on Tuesaa .
n:?M as he expecied cn the Golden
?tate LitniieU on act cunt of it be
in? a'&out six hears late, and left last
r.i-ht i!?!osd.
S Extraordinary
m ihrm Mraancn! in story
and action dramatic in the
Mttmf IS IhU UlM LOIS
VVE3ER munh
'EVEN Y) AND r
"EVEN AS YOU AND !
X una
0 F
N R
1 I
G D
H A
T Y
Commencing
at 6:15
Direct from the Rbl.o,
New York's fines; photo
play theatre, one of tha
most sensational photo
dramas of the dav, by
LOIS WEBER, whose
nobble successes as
"Where Are My Chil
dren," "Jewel," "Scan
dal," "Open Shutters,
"Icle Wives," -Hypocrites
and others have
proven milestones in
moving picture progress.
1 A CVw- is, Y Jr
uiil l York Cm'l irwt TS- . ' I
: i v.
PHEUM THEATEI
: Starting at 6:15
1 BACK FROM SPRINGS.
jVnPiaCSHgj'-JJt 3UmB5? I n s. Kcunutree has returned frra
j three weeks visit to the Jiurrieua ;
tot serines, where he weat to tae
"tS!
g ' treatment for an attpek cf rheusr.atis -.
lie sts'.es tr.ai re is muin iiiij.ru e-j
a health.
MUSIC BY
ORCHESTRA
ADMISSION:
Children 15c
Adults 25c
This Includes War Tax
- . d
it
ft
T
o
i
G
v . xS.
A -" .
i i t iC.v J
n 14 i r
T
PRI
1' i
o
N
their appearance at the Orpheum last
evening: two capacity houses greetinR
j them. The aggregation will remain in
ILL IN TUCSON. ; Bisbee for the balance of the week. Be-
Arthir Xstinan. of the geolocicn! i si(je3 the nuia bnlx jancer tne Hawai
deyartment of the Copner Quea com- j jans 0ffer excellent singing. and
.any. and member of the Distru t Ex- ' stringed music.
eaipticn board frcm tb:s county, is j
.--ufierin? from a s-evere attack cf ton-! pMAINS SHIPPED
. inns iina t'.i.uiura iiu iwni, j tk
Business Locals
Best brar.js of ciuars and toitsreo
can be had after 1 m. at KnIii
Kitchen. A It
Cigars and to'.xicoo ell night can to
had st English "Kitchen. Adv Z.'j
f j?RC
ST AGA'N.
Lust ni'.iit, ite frost was on the ;
umpum vine in tne warren air.-.. a ; s.;n,, 3. ,oa:.;v The
pny pumpMii
tlie lhte Mrs. Earl
.Allen, who d:ed at the Oal:a;ei c Ari
zona hospi'al Tuisday niiit. were
-hi;r-?d last eve::::ig tu her former
li.bee-TombJtoae, Leaves ri.-!ee ;
i.'.ist'-ee Au-o Co.. 7 a. tu.. p. la. 7- !
pas.-easer cars. Carefcl driv-rs
'hone, liisbee 5. Ad
COAL! COAL! COAL!
Dawson c.al I sacked) J1S per ton
cash. Gallup coal (sucked) $17 per
ton cash. Delivered. Urophy Car
liase Co.. Phone Adv. 5i?
.i d.c ..u. """: j-rasei! lae n l:tr:e h-ihv- nh.-.-t
in the camp. The frost was,..Ci,t ... t) ,. I...
teides Icr -iisi.-siid. Mr. Al'ea and
his wife came fcc.e a few week? r.eo
rem San Sm en. Mrs. AM.'n's p-r.:us
resiJe in li-zi lori.
:'..at i
?nes
'oavy but it was no colder than the
: ipht tef'jrc. but the skv was clear.
I L. Gilman sells the New EJl.on.
'the ph.i..ipiapli with a souL
Piione iZ or 7r.i for prire on paint
ing and paper hani;ine. New goods
near here. Guarantee Paint Co.
Adv. ISO
KjM.-rt j.
Itraadu
ptr ariitr ana pamtfr. C
I'hot.e 4.ia- Ci Uo. S
REVIEW AKT ADS
BRING RESULTS
RECENT ARRIVALS.
J. H. llone. William Pone, Char'.ei
' nd William J. l"ren. are recent ar
rivals In tle d:s:ritt froal Calumet.
: ;ieh;?e.n. and espect to make their
cn-e here. Ttey are miners and wiil
r V. crvplcymen In the local mires.
I
NCI
LAN!
1
IT IT
AND HER
G 3
FROM TOMBSTONE. ,
Pay B. Krebs. c-v.nty recorder and
clerk of the loc;!l exemption board was
in the city lust evening on a shvrt bus
iness trip. Ke states that the next
:ne?ting of the board will be held in
Tombstone on Saturday. The board
has just received advices from the war ,
department that In order to tirottie:
all rumcrs of rich harvests reaped by
members and employes of the local
boards throsh rewards received for
the apprehension of deserters, that no
member of the board or employes can
share in such rewards. The outstand-
LEFT FOR TUCSON. j iaK ree.son for this move is in order to .
I. S. Deputy Marshal James lie-; place the selective service law above
Donald left this morning for Tucson ! criticism. !
with six prisoners for the county jail. j
1 at that place where thoy will be held
until the grand jury si'ts on their cas
es 'in the V. S. Court which convenes
next month.
MATERNITY HOME
Call Elaek S7- for terms, et?
Advertisfiuen.
See our new v.-a:I pipers. Guarantee
Fa:nt Co. Phone iT, or 750. Ai'v. l''1
"PCM NACO.
J. J. New ell, cestable r.t Naco. vss
-i the city yesfr-'ay on a short visit.
i ;s acromronied Ly Lis familv.
reverts lhat border ci.y as beia;j
eite livt!y at te p-i-5e:it time cr ae
cur.; cf the travel to and l ram Ca-
t arf a.
ROCKHitL'S STAGE.
'Or. I .ayfiir. vtropats, S M.tsvrn
HX. Mason car stp. Pilose Riue t47
!t. r.J
COAL AND WOOD
Ameriern Mock Gall.ip co.il (sae'KiM)
S17 per ton cash; !S for 13 days time.
;n ten lets. Independent Fuel and
Fted Co. Phone 23V Adv. 602
SERVICE
FLAGS
Honor the representative from
I'Tiur family or business who Is In
tiie service of cur country by Uis
playitii; a service flag.
Cr. II and t;e our display
JOE DICKSTEIN
Mer.'a Fumiahers and Clothier
MAIN STREET
(Next to Eisbea Review)
fi rt
IN A HIGH CLASS CONCERT
O
iiiger!
VIOLIN
MANDOLIN
UKELELE
STEEL GUITAR
Wfl Gw7
WAS IN PHOENIX,
i A. G. McGregor, of Warren was in
P.oenix en T"jelay to meet with a
. number of minir!: men amonj w hom
;were Georce Kinci'.on of the Verde
I'xtcnsion and S. P. Applewhite, of
Douglas, who represents James Dou
glas in the same company.
AUTO OWNERS BEWARE.
There remains but one week in
which tbey will be given a chance to
procure their 191S license plates from
the secretary of state. It is the inten
tion of the sheriffs office to arrest
every auto owner that has not applied
for or does not have an P.'iS license
on his car. Advices received from the
office of the secretary of state state
that about all of the licenses that have !
i been arplied for have been sent out i
, p.nd the arrlieations ail disposed of by j
! the first of February. On that date
the deputies of the sheriffs office will
wil! be twiirin to ret busv. It is now ui to The
ALSO, WILLIAM FOX PRESENTS
Sonia Markova in'The Painted Bladona"
A Gripping Drama in Six Big Reels
I FOOTBALL SUNDAY.
A enme of soccer foo'bn't
rlryed at the Warren Park on Su:n!ay iauto owners to get busy that have not
oetwecn the Bisbee team and a team : done so already.
from the Tenth field artillery from
ranging. The proceeds of to same j p CtVES ORCEPS TO REFCrtT.
win go to tne benefit or ttie ued crs-s.
' A oi'se game is looked for.
ADMISSION 25 AND 33 CENTS
INCLUDING WAR TAX
I llVTlT?TTHaTSTT"t--T,
i LVRIC THE ATE
ft Ealcony : 6c Lower Floor k 10e Reserved Seats
5
R
20c p
IN
1
SAJ1UEL HUTCHINSON PRESENTS MARY MILES M 1 N T E R
"Dulcie's Adventure "
IN FIVE ACTS
iS IN YUMA.
Judge Loekwood of the superior
court at Tombstone was unable to
eonie to Pisbee ns he expected yester
day to attend to sorie juvenile mat
1 tens on account of being ralird to
Ynn:a county to hold -ourt for a week
for Judite Itaxter who is (iisq.ialiiied.
ENROLLING MECHANICS.
Meade W. Powell, secretary of the
Warren District Auto Club, has been
appointed local enrolling officer for
the two regiments of motor mechanics
being raised for the signal corps. -Particulars
can be learned by seeing Mr.
Towell or T. A. Egan. secretary of the
Commercial Club, at the Commercial
Club rooms In the Copper Quern hotel.
Re.-:urinir O' ii-er Wnssernv.n or
t!-e liilied S :.-:. naiy who U.is been j
'n :V .Ustnw for t'-e past ID mon'hs, j
yrstf rday received a telegram from .
i-.is headquarter- in El Paso to hold I
himself In resciiness under 7 hours I
r.oitee to lejve for Portsmmi'.h. New
Hampshire. P r:r.i; h:s lesidenee her. ;
s cr'i-ir:: r'f!ier be las sent over
tt0 rce'iits to tr-e navy and theie,
were bi:t f:w of them rejected by the
Kl P.iso of.i.-e. It is t're opini.r.i of,
?l.i 1-iD'st Wafmjn tl'it the navy;
rtcreiiiiii i.n re will be r.bo'isli-;
ed as the ii;v y i ro-v neru tod vp;
to wsr stren;:;h at'd Bishcc Is oalvj
;.i:od two mi n a we-k and El Posii
tan f'.rn'.'i these, us slie now 1 as J ,
lerc wuiii'n Its.. H:s far i'y will ac-!
t ;;i pany hir.i east. I
WILLIAM DUNCAN AND CAROL HOLLOWAY in
TTJri? T7T7JTrrTrVrTl tdah
"THE BRIDGE OF DEATH" EPISODE 9
"JERRY AT WALDORF," Comed
MUTUAL WEEKLY
1
ON WAY HOVE.
Mrs. Raynond Hawea. hrr ntece
M!ss Maude McManus of New York,
rnd Mrs. Charles Byron Valle. were in
the city last evening on their wjy t
Cr.nanea from Tucson, where they
had been visiting friends for several
da-s. While 'n the city they were
resiotf rd nt 1 Copper Queen hot
7e- toot ti e C.;.anca st.'ste oi:t i's
mornir.g.
"OH BOY!" i
Princess Lani's hula hula dance and
, the performance of her quartette of,
Hawaiian musicians uiade (tood in
r
DANCE
EAGLE HALL
EVERY
WEDNESDAY AND
SATURDAY
EVENING
S-.30
(F. O. E. 175)
SHAW'S ORCHESTRA
mm & w
-.1 " A I - y. Zr!'-!!
A living source of pleasure
for everybody every day
The variety of the "ictroIVs music u as vide as tne world.
The supremacy of its artists is uncjuestio.icJ cy the worlj. The
purity rtvJ perfection of its tono have roaue it the finest
musical instrument in all the world.
The Victro'a is the most accomplished entertainer ever de
signed by man whether for your guests, for your family, or
for you alone. Considering the fact that we are prepared at a
moment's notice to put this wonderful instrument in yoar home
practically on your own terms, shouldn't you stop ia tad sea
us today about getting a Yictrcla now ?
Victor and Victrolas. $0 to $C10
0ih
i