i i dsrff
4
Fourteen Pages j
TWO SECTIONS I
i
t ml
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service.
VOL.20. No. 288.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MAY 12, 1918.
-sfuTlTS' PR!CE FIVE CENTS.
f ;
0
MOTHERS' DAY
HOMAGE
ASKED
BY PRESIDENT
Wilson Praises Mothers Who
Have Given Sons to Army;
Memorial Day Is Named as
National Holiday.
(Bt Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, May 11. A nations
unity tomorrow- in reverence and in
homage to motherhood was aked to
night by President Wilson in a Moth
ers' Day message to the American
people.
Especially is it fitting at this tim
the president said, that the mothers
of American men who have taken up
arms in defense of world liberty be
revered and be called upon all to pray
Cod "for His divine blessing upon
them and upon their sons whose
wholehearted service is now given to j
the country which we live."
Messages to American mothers also
were issued tonight by Secretary of
War nakr. .Secretary of the Navy
Daniels and Dr. Anna Howard Shaw, I
chairman of the woman's committee
of the council of national defense Mr. j
Baker's message was a word from the !
soldiers at the front asking their
'Pothers to be of good cheer, wni!e
Mr. Daniels called upon the nation to 1
join in prayer for all mothers of the j
defenders of democracy.
Wil on Praises Mothers'
President Wilson's message. Istaied
in response to r. house resolution aaid:
"I take the liberty of calling specia
attention to the fact that this is
Mothers' Dav and I take advantage of
the occasion
UentKdectedr!"16"1 f
ttention be Qireciea par ,
ibis dav our attention
tifulafly to tee patriotic sacrifices
which are being so freely and so gen
erously mfcde bv the mothers of our
lend in unselfishly offering their sons
to boor arms, and if need be to die in
defense of liberty and that we remem
ber these mothers inur prayers,
praying God for His divine blessing
unon them and upon their sons whose I
whole hearted service is now given to.
the country which we love." i
Mor-izr F.-i.-.i ColdleV J
The other messages follow:
"To the mothers of America:
"i bring you a message from your
hoys in France. They are cheerful
smu earnest and full of fight as proud
of their country as their country is
proud of them.
"From you they yet draw inspira
tion, and to you they send a message
filled with determination and with
hope. They hope to make this war
the last war that America will ever j
have to fight against a military tribute. From the throng of people
despotism, and they want to fight till who gathered thout the speaking piai
that hope has been achieved. Iform he made his way up the concrete
"They ask you to be of good cheer steps to the side of the speaker. For
to be " with them fondly in your five minutes he stood under the urn
thoughts and to sustain your hearts ;
in the day of battle as they will sus
tain theirs.
"NEWTON D. BAKER.
HOLIDAY MEMORIAL DAY
WASHINGTON, May 11. National
memorial day. Thursday, May 30. is
designated by President Wilson in a
proclamation issued today as a day of
public humiliation prayer and fasting.
The people of the nation are asked to
gather that day in their places of wor
thip and pray for the victory of the
American armies which will bring a
IH-;ice founded up on mercy, justice
ard good will.
The proclamation issued in response
to a resolution by congress, follows:
"By the president of the United
States.
"A proclamation.
"Whereas, the congress of thi
Lnited States, on the second day or ;
April last passed the following re30iu-
tlnn
"Resolved by the senafe (the hou3
of representatives concurring), that It
being a duty peculiarly incumbent in
a time of war humbly and devoutly to
acknowledge dependence on Almighty
God and to implore His aid and protec
tion, the president of the United
States, be ar.d he is hereby, rcspert
fully requested to recommend a day
of public humiliation, prayer and fast
ing, to be observed by the people of
the United tates with religious sol
emnity and the offering of fervent
prayers to Almighty God for the safe
ty and welfare of our cause. His bless
ings on our arms, and a speedy restor
ation of honorable and lasting peace
to the nations of the earth;
Advocates Services
"And, whereas. It has always been
the reverent habit of the people of
the United States to turn in humble
appeal to Almighty God for His guid
ance in the affairs of their common
life:
"Now. therefore I, Woodrow Wil
son, president of the United States of
America, do hereby proclaim Thurs
day, the thirtieth day of May, a day
already freighted with sacred and
stimulating memories, a dav of public
humiliation, prayer and fasting, and d-
xbort mv fellow citizens of all faiths
and creeds to assemble on that day in J speaker urged on his audience the ira
their several places of worship ;ind ; prative need of unity in the naxiou,
there, as well as in their homes, to gie great demand for cooperation to
pray Aimignty goo. mat He may ior-;
give our sins and shortcomings as a
people and purifv our hearts to ee
and love the truth, to accept and de
fend all things that are just nd right,
(Continued on Pg-e Six)
"WE'LL nillDGE THAT OCE.iX Oil IIL'ST" IS
4 y -a t
' iyli. fv
i '
' ,1
ialiL...-
t$ V 17
4
Cowboys at work building wooden ships at a Gulf coast shipyard. ; .
Cor.-lioys in ir.crea-ir.s numbers are bair.jr employed as shipbuilders in Texas shipyards. Attracted by the
pcod v.u.res paid shipbuilders, hundreds of men who have never seen a ship much lii-er than e xu-sized skill
ur? cor'i'ifr in direct frcm the v.'"t:n fields to do their bit in the construction of America's new merchant ma
rine. "We :1 brir re that ocean or bust," is their slogan.
HUNDREDS
FRENCH
OFFICER
MISSION
M WAR
Marne Sector, Breathes
Message of Optimism to
Residents of District
Young America paid tribute to
Franc? last night at the City park.
The occasion was the visit to the dis
trict ; speakers Bent out by tr.e
committee of public information as
war ambassadors to the resident 4 of
the southwest. One of the most en
thusiastic audiences ever assemblc-d In
Bisbee. despite cold weatler, listened
attentatively and cheered frequently.
It was during the address of Uvu
teuant Paul Perigord of the French
army that tribute was paid by young
America to France. A baby boy,
scarce seven years of age, with blue
eyes and curly blonde hair, paid the
of the French hero of the battle of
the Marne, worshiping the uniform.
watching with tense eyes the move- i
EI Vf th
the crowd, of the beckoning of others
on the platform, of the words of hope
and encouragement from the mouth
of the soldier of the sister Republla.
Lafayette, We Are Here
A few moments before George B.
Chandler, of Connecticut, had told the
audience of the visit of General John
J. Pershing, American commander in
chief, to the tomb of Lafayette. He
had recited the coming of the great
military man to the casket. And he.iorce, mese two pianes witn tneir gai
had repeated General Pershing's brief! (ant cxi.vii swirled and charged, work-
but pointed words to the spirit of
Lafayette:
"Lafayette, we are here.
In the manner of the baby boy who
siuuu ueuettiii iuc aim ui
hero, in the eyes of this young Amcr-
lcan in tne worshiping demeanor
were the words of the great American
commander. Young America was pay
ing to France the tribute for which
France has waited these many years.
Victory and the confidence of vic
tory on the part of the allied arms
was the message wdicd ueuienam
Perigord brought to the residents of, seats. The other enemy machines
the Warren district. In opening , his were forced to abandon the fight rye
address he declared he came here with .cause of their crippled condition, were
the warmest greetings from the sean to dive away in the hope of reach
French briny, the army which has
given two millions of its young men
for democracy.
"But," the speaker went on. "I bring
to you more than a message from the
French army. I bring to you a mes
sage, the wannest greetings from the
entire French nation, from every man,
woman and child in France."
Sure of Victory
The allied cause will win and the
allied armies will emerge from the
battle victorious, declared the speaker.
His faith in the American people, in
the indominitable will and ability and
zeal of the people of this nation, were
cited as cause for his belief in vic
tory. His faith in the armies of Eng
land, of France, of Canada, Scotland,
Ireland, Australia, New Zealand, Port
ugl. and the other countries walcv
have and are giving men to the cause,
prompted him to the knowledge tint
victory will come to the allies. The
hack up the boys tn the trencnes. ana
the preparations which must precede
victory for the United States and he
allies. He paid tribute to the men
this nation ie arming, and declared
(Continued on Fag-e Six)
.
V 4
it
Or rLltiHb
WITH THE BRITISH ARMY IN
FRANC-:, May 11 (By the Associ
'ated Press). There has been much air
fighting t'uring the last few days, and
the British airmen havr? fully bus-
tained ehe great reputation they estab-,
I livhoH i M lv in lh. far :
I e, day's ao. near Ypres. oneed Literature Advising
i Rritish machine attacked fiv fier- . -
British machine attacked fiv-3 Ger
mans single handed. The Britisher
engaged one enemy and fought him 1
until he fled. The English pilot then
went after another German and pres
sed the snack so hard that the enemy
was forced into a nose spin in an at
tempt to escape. The ruse was fu-1
tile however, for tire Britisher followed ',
him down, firing steadily into the
hclpleao eGjnnan iathlne unril the lat -
u .ii.-..) iuiuc. on its iwcil ami WW.
Attacked by Six Huns
Another British plane wan attacked
uj o.v .riiitij iiiaiiuiica nuit.it i.aiuc
at It from below and behind. Tha
British observer opened fire at c!oe
range, ridumig the leading German -na-
111. r- . wl in tt ii'i..Vil.ijiii .I'V.iiit. . . . i i.i 11
. " " 1 1
flames. ,
Th British bombardment squadron
has been doing wonderful work. Ions
of high explosives have been dropped
among masses of the enemy at night,
ki yi CB;ua"T- lne ,nn ,"
oil. Ill HI- 111111. U a l.U IMIC Vj - 11 CllipiUT'.U I O" "' ... v'.i.v ".f, 1' 1 1 y .' .
constantly in attacking the infantry This tnd scores of otlrer uocinuents
from low altitudes and in many cas s defying the government, assailin.; t on
veritable slaughter has resulted. jscription and urging "war against
In addition to destroying eight of ! war" were rea into the records,
the 20 German airplanes which as re-1 Defense Over Ruled
lated yestf.rday. were engaged so sue-
cn Tuesday y British
.. , . ..., I
down five others damaged. The bat- of council for the defense who ds
tle be;;an when the British aviators clared there was no evidence showitig
attacked seven G-erman planes, two ! it was adopted last July as contead'?'!
other enemy formations came up, rais
ing the total of German machines to
20. but instead of retiring, the two
British fighters pressed the attack.
Withdraw Safely
In an-1 out among tha large enemy
ing their rapid firers like mad. One of
the Britishers got on the tail of a M;i
German machine and riddled it with
In, Unto TVin Ann.ir bt.nl.inA T . . .. ..
quiverin;? in the a!r for a ,nomPnt un(,
. u.. ... v '
. . . .
flame bursting from it. The scve.i I
other German machivs wera shot to
pieces in rapid succession and took the
final plunge, three of them leaving a
wake of fire and black smoke to t"ll ;
the story of thir terrible fate suf
fered by the men strapped in th-h
ing tne c round saieiy.
Thirty minutes had sufficed for the
two British machines to accomplish
all this. Only seven of the 20 enemy
planes remained in the air. The Brit
ish had used up alKthnir ammunition
in the furious melee, however, and
there was nothing to do but witn
draw, which they did in safety.
article was in effect a promise to mem-
DOWN NINE HUN FLIERS , bers of results that would be obtained
(Bv Review Leued wire) " I If the "war againts war" were proper
LONDON, May 11. The official y conducted.
statemeut dealing with aerial opera
tions issued tonight says:
"Lojv clouds and mist prevented
flying on Friday until 5 p. in. After
this hour the weather cleared on a
small part of the gront and great aerial
activity took place in this sector un- said an article of March 12 in Solldiir
til dark. Eight German airplanes were itv.
brought down in air fighting and six
were ariven down out of control. Nine
of our Pihchines are missing. One
report-id missing on. Tuesday has re
turned." THREE ACES KILLED
PARIS. May 11 Within five ;niu-
utes on Tuesday. Sub-lieutenant Nun-
gcoser. leading French aviator,
(Continued on Page ffls)
COWBOYS' SLOG. IX
'v
. ?V
miniumiMncunu
IN CHICACO TRIAL
I -
Nation Wi'rl tri'tr.
and
IT : AH C r
W,U,S 1Tlcn 10 -we wn -
trcl of All Industries.
rmr rn Z H . ' ,
CHICAGO May ll.-A strange vis-
(By Review Ias, Wire
: "n picturing Presidert Wilson and his
1 caoiuei. ii. flight auu Industrial Work -
jers of the World rising up as saviorss
of th3 people came to Harrison George
: flilf.lUll '1 'it '1 .' H a .. ".'ill .. . ......
''"...uumi uiiu ii iji micu lui 111 was
: submitted as eVidence today in the
trial of 112 leaders of the organiza-
tion for alleged se-itiouconspiracy.
L.::: J"""' I . If .Tl
I charges was part of a conspiracy to
j block America's war program, was
: given wide circulation last summer
' "id describes the nation's industrial
j system tumbling like a house of blocks
: Zt,lrf,,I...., M S
A resolution drawn up bv the gen-
eral executive board opposing wir was
'i
Dy me prosecution. At adjournment j
tonight the government virtually had!
completed introduction of printed Mut-
ter itfed in the alleged anti-war cam-1
paign ana expects to ioiiow witn 'nat
ter from personal files of lcj.ders of
the organization Monday.
"Workers of all lands, arouse.", said
the printed "vision" published in the
Industrial Worker. "Conscription is a
challenge. We call upon workers of
America and all involved nations to
meet conscription or declarations of
u.. .i
..,, . , ,, ,,.. , i,
control of all industries. Break your
chains; assert your power."
After asserting that the I. W. W. was
deluged with pledges of support and
that world wide strikes were about to
occur, th? "vision" continued:
Hindered Mobilization
"Mobilization crippled more and
more as days pass. Federal officials
are in a panic and the rich are flee
ing the country in private yachts."
It added that through sabotage hun
dreds of trains were stalled, wheels ot
industry had ceased to turn, cities
were dark and troops were disbanded
for lack of food.
'The president and his cabinet leave
secretly on a yacht for parts unknown.
the senate fades away.'
Government attorneys declare the
The I. W. W. is credited with de-
feating conscription in Australia and j
although not so successful in New
Zealand it still had power to fine the
Powers That Be fifty per cent of their
profits for the crime of putting it over'
Advocate Treason
"We point with pride to these facts
and assure the rebel workers of this
and othr lands that we will he loyal
to our trust."
Rd card men (I. W. W.) are :
shrewd, determined and loyal to the
cause they love" said Solidarity on
.
August 11. "There would not be sol
diers enough in the country to round
UUiiil
inliulIUml
(Continued on Tage Pix)
BRITISH CHEER!
AMERICAN BOYS;
DURING PARADE!
London Declares Holiday to
Watch Members of Nation
al Army March; King and
Premier Praise Sammies.
(By Review Leased Wire)
LONDON. May 11. Three thousand
American soldiers marched through
London today. They were men of the !
I new national army, of which London-
i ers had often heard, but whom They
had never before been privileged to
j see in marching order.
' The weather was perfect and Lon
don turned out in masses and Ilnea
ud alone the broad avenues of "The
royal borough of
irimin" the
crowds were even greater than on the
,...an hn the American enein -
t eers marched ove rtne same route,
' several months ago.
There was a difference in the wel
i come which London gave these marcb
j ers. When the engineers marched,
! American troops were curiosities and
! were cheered as something new and
, novel. Today London has become ac-1
: .... . t I .-. American L'tial't and tf
V ....
day's marchers were greeted as menas
and brothers
. . M'"
i ne Americans, n were n luanj
all from New York City,
l columns of fours from Wellington
1 Barracks over a three mile route, cir-
cling that part of London in which
are located the government officers,
Jfe embassies and the principal
i lie buildings.
' The first men .filed out of the par
! nlo crrnnnil at Wolltn irf rin
horrnf k
,v. , ,. ut .n, ..
;",VV"u " " "
! On the war office balcony were Pre-
I mta T lnvrl CI anra a on1 tho war rflrV
1 ,,n .cnHH i, ,ittin
in irrtor tn view the nnradera.
v,.v,D, nnm. M, t Vnvii
The highest compliment Mr. Lloyd
r hpm wa, tft aa
, . , ,
j ,.i'Q ,t,A .u.i '
... Tw"y hine..tlle same 8inR 88 0ur
"'. nSh Ki. r.oor.e
. . , ...
a"d QT7 Ma7',it ? Qr!fn
Alexa,. , f , , L - 1 - mH
" 'ZokhantTs "wfth
General Biddle. The king took the
salute from the guard of honor, which
with the famous Grenadiers band, was
drawn up in the street.
Guests of Tommies
At the end of the parade the king
'and nueen congratulated General Cid-
die who chatted with the royal party
lor several minutes.
The Americans returned to Welling
ton Barracks for luncheon as the
I guests of the British Guards regiment.
They returned to camp by an early
afternoon train. j
A touch was given the parade along j
the line of march by several banners
and flags. On the front steps or the!
ministry of munitions, girls held upj
a banner witn red ana blue letters on
white, reading:
"Gee. this is bully,
we go from here?" "
Ambassador Page
Say, where do
reviewed the
troops from a point just in front of
the embassy steps. To his right and
left and slightly in the rear were
Vice Admiral Sims and Colonel Slocum
and a detachment of the United States
troops, as an embassy guard.
Crowds Line Streets
The troops took about twenty-five-
minutes to pass. The greater part ot
the crowd was at Buckingham Palace
but the sidewalks, windows and porch
es about the embassy were black !
with spectators. )
The approach of the column was j
preceded by a wave of cheering that i
reached a volume when the colonel
and his staff appeared in front of the
embassy. The American band imme
diately struck up one of the popular
American marching tunes, and, above
the chorus of cheers, came the whis
tled accompaniment by hundreds.
The embassy staff reviewed the pa
rade from the windows of the building
where also were stationed many Am
ericans identified with war work. Near
the end of the line of march the band
of the Scotch Guards played "The
Battle Hymn of the Republic." while
passing the embassy. The cheers
from thousands were not all for the
Americans. Small detachments of
British troops which accompanied the
Americans as an escort received their
full share.
Two aged representatives of the lo-
ral G. A. R.. the total membership of
niiii ii iiiw in ism i.i-uii-iiic, luun
part in the procession. The old men
were accompanied by younger men
carrying a banner bearing the in
scription "U. S. civil war veterans. Not
for ourselves, but for our country."
DANIELS PRAISES SAILORS
(H Review Tae1 TVIre)
WASHINGTON. May 11 - Secretary
. th IT . o p,.... ..n.tn, ..j I
..i ... . . ... ... ....... .... (soi.on.i; ,
heroism displayed in the rescue of sur
vivors of the steamers Glenart Castle,
sunk February 2K. Among them is
Electrician David L. Morgan. Wichita
Kails, Texas.
i By He view Lmned Wire)
PARKS. May 11. The Germans at
tacked the French lines today after I
Mailly-Raineval and gained a small
section of territory, which was re
taken by the French by a brilliant
counter attack, according to the war
office announcement tonighr. The
Germans suffered heavy losses.
The text reads:
"After very violent artillery prep
arations the Germans with special as
sault troops, attacked this morning
cur positions in the Boisla Cauneu
southwest of Mailley-Raineval. Fa
vored by mist the enemy gained a
j footing in the northern part of the
wood, but was driven out by a bril-
! liant counter attack by our troops, who
completely reestablished
our lines.
The Germans suffered very heavy
losses and left in our hands about one
I hundred unwounded prisoners, fifteen
macnine gun8 and material.
"There was lively artillery action
in the region of Orvillers-Sorel."
BERLIN STATEMENT
(Bv Review Leased Wire)
BERLIN, via London, May 11.
i Heavy losses were inuiciea on me
1 -- ""-: F
! mont and nor,n of t'arroy by a strong
mine bombardment, according to the
official communication from headquar- hamlet c: Boulooze. just south of
ters today. . Scherpenberg Hill, and they also
The text of the statement reads: (smashed the Germans out of Boulooze
"On the western bank of the Avre, cabaret near by. But an enemy counter
the enemy obtained a footing in Griv- attack during the night seems to have
enes Park; for the rest his attack forced the French to retire to their
broke down with sanguinary losses, i previo-is line. Boulooze is on conipar
"There were reconnoitering en- atively h:gh ground which has been
ffacromAnta nn tha Oiao- AitinA (gnil
; " " - "
land in Champagne and northeast of
! PAmooi we reoulsed the
i - - ...,,, k
was supported by pioneers and flame1
throwers. ,
Claim French Repulsed
"By means of a strong mine bomb
j A.r thwS Tap
! . j .w , r
ardment we inflicted heavy losses on
mont and north of Parroy.
! ,a lue xveiiiiuei regiun me aruurry
activity was lively at intervals and
iwe carried out minor operations sue
cessfully.
i LXJCai
Local attacks by the French north,
l
of Kemmel and near Locre were re-
pulsea.
I "On the Somme battle field violent
, lne 00,,u,,e Dalue, " Y' eul
infantry engagements often develop-
ed. After artillery preparatious ex-
tending over several nours cngusn
regiments attacked in vain our lines
in Aveluy wood. Their attacking
waves suffered heaviest losses under
our fire. Night attacks by the enemy
against Hangard also failed."
LATINS TAKE CAPTIVES
(Rv Review (.enseal Wire)
ROME. May 11. Italian troops
stormed Monte Corno and took about
100 prisoners, two guns and four ma
chine guns Thursday night, according
to an official statement issued by the
war office.
ENEMY RAID FAILS
.'?.R'v"'w,V'n?? vi'.r"
BULLETIN LONDON, May 11.-
Field Marshal Haig's report from gen-
eral headquarters in France tonight
8a:v- .,otTl . . t. amx. in !
Ve?ghborhd 1 NeuviirVUksse'
the neighborhood of NeuvilleVitasse
'eP'J;. 8 "'h'"! f ur"
- -h".-
MINISTERS MUST SERVE I 43 officers and otner ranks-
J The Fifth Berkshire regiment, was.
tftv Review T.easei wire according to the Germans, "annihi-
WASHINGTON. May 11. The sen-listed." The Berkshire's casualties
ate today passed a bill designing to j were 13 officers and 300 otber ranks,
prevent rent profiteering during tl Berlin asserted that the Twenty
war in rtie District of Columbia. third Roval Fusilrs regiment was
The senate also agreed to further ..amouK the regiments which have suf
conferences requested by the house on ; fered mo8t heavi,T- This unit ,OHt
the bill extending the selective draft fl officfrs and 230 other ranks.
aci io youins auam us uieir ii ajoruy
since iuhi juiie. lue uuue lias rv .
fused to accept a senate amendment
exempting theological and medical;
TRYING TO CHEER UP PEOPLE
WASHINGTON, May 11. A ger
man wireless message saying that
grave insubordination is daily oc
curing in American army training
camps was made public today by
the state department as an illus
tration ot the lengths to which the
German government is going in an
effort to keep up tne spirits of the
civilian populations.
The message, which was sent
out Ma 9 and which was given
out 'iy the staw department with
out comment, said:
"According to information from
HUNS SAY NAVAL RAID FAILS
(By Review Leaned Wire)
AMSTERDAM, May 11 AjGer
inan official account of the attack
on Ostcnd says: r
"The second British attempt
found our marine corps as well
prepared as the first. The reasons
why only Ostend was attacked
this time are not clear. The Brit
ish developed a heavy artificial
fog off Zeebrugge at the name
time, but this was ohviousyl tn
district attention.
"The enemy opened fire at 2:45
from the sea on our batteries.
The fog was developed a few min
utes later. Two cruisers were
HINUtNbUKU
EXPECTED SOON
Allied Armies Prepare to Re
sist Extensive Drive by
Germans; English Deny
Reports of Losses.
WITH THE BRITISH ARMY IN
FRANCS. May 11. (By the Associ
ated Press). Another day has run
half its coures without any infantry
action of great importance having oc
curred along the far eastern battle
front. Certain posts at various point,
desirably located, continued to be the
objects of bickering between the op
posing forces, and the artillery was
busy pouring out its freight of de
structiou. But von Hindenburg. to
whom th? r.ext move has thus far been
1 , .
Last evening French poilus stormed
and occupied a pite of brick, once the
ll.tlv rnnfo.ll jn mjwin. .laps
:
Expeet Drive Soon
. The nch this morning initiated .
i iccai operation on a little stream
known as Vrverbeek. which empties
1 into the southern end of Dickenbusch
Lake, r.iit. according to the latest re
ports, no dision had been reached in
this engagement. It seems passing
strange ihat the enemy has not made
any bij drive before this, and it will
be stranger still if many days pass
without a renewal of the offensive.
There in no doubt that the Germans
are anxious to begin operations as
soon 83 P"M and the d-lay-if
mlill It .... v Ka .nwmn.l In .1 1 ... . . . t.
probabi'itv of an extensive push oe
ing in preparation.
The completion of the enemy plans
j undoubtedly has b.n hamperetl very
; s'" i" cai-cucm muniwwnrj
ot the ailies. particularly in the avia
tion and artillery branches, but eTen
this could hardly hofd back an attack
iiidefinittl. There ar? many signs
that point to another violent attack,
such as ushered in the offensive of
March 21 and a large part of the bat
tle front would be involved if what
seems t be tire present plans of the
Germans were put into execution.
Deny Teuton Claims
The' Germans have recently made
some most extravagant claims in their
dispatches regarding the British cas-
1 ualties, it being asserted that "enor-
j mous losses" had been suffered by the
various British units on the Lys and
Somme tsttle fields.
T. . ., , A , ,
,U no.w is P8-llble to. iT ,,he 'f
of a vsx of the tmits referred to.
Here are some typical instances of al-
'nations made by the enemy. The
statement asserted that the
Fiftysixth division was "almost com-
( . t , imd out." This division lost
, Tne Fcurth Yorkshires. Berlin
as-
serted, "were captured almost
com-
I plete." The Yorkshires had 191 men
missing.
Christiana. Norwegians recently
arrivi ig from America say that
grave cases of insubordination oc
cur .tail? in American training
camps. At first breaches or dis
cipline were punished by death,
but this was stopped owing to the
num'jer of cases. In a particular
ly flagrant instance all the sol
diers in a company acf?d collect
ively and obtained not only im
munity for the mutineers, but pun
ishment for all officers. Further
more much damege to works and
material is being done."
sighted in the fog east of Ostend
at 3 o'clock and onr batteries
opened a well-aimed fire.
"Ai'tor a curtain of fire had been
placed over the entrance to the
harb.r one cruiser turned east
ward The other reappeared be
fore the entance at 3:30 and. be
ing very heavily bombarded from
all sides, sank outside the naviga
tion channel. Several objects
caught sight of were bombarded.
"The stranded cruiser appears
from the papers found, to be the
Vindictive.
"Ooor losses were again gratify
ingly slight." TWO
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MAY 12, 1918.
25 Brand New Silk Dresses
Have Just Arrived
Attractively Priced at .
$1 6.50
We are just in receipt of another shipment of
Women's Pretty silk dresses. There is just twenty-five
in the lot, w hich embraces the season's new-
VfeV est and best styles. The materials employed in the
'ZJi making of these dresses is Silk Foulard, Georgette
Crepe and crepe de chine in solid colors of navy,
black, champagne, rose, tan, green and white.
There are also many beautiful color combinations
as blue and white, white and navy and many oth
ers, all wanted sizes, sixteen to forty-four.
This is indeed an exceptional opportunity well
worth your most careful consideration, style right,
price right, and the best of materials used in the
making of these charming dresses. Be sure you
see this assortment.
Values Unusual
Women's Wash Skirts
$4.50, $5, $6.50, $7.50 to $12.50
Hardly any garment is mere popular or more
practical than the Wash Skirt for the warmer
weather which we will soon have, and now while
the the assortments are complete, why not "take
time by the forelock" so to speak, and have a look
at this collection. We are fully prepared to supply
your every requirement along this line, as our
showing embraces all the latest and best styles, in
almost every known wash fabric. Plain white,
white in novel weaves and jacquard effects, some
are made full at the waist line, some shirred, and
still others are trimmed with large pearl buttons
and ornaments. In all a most attractive showing.
Women's and Misses'
!nk Spring Suits
At Great lu Redueed Prices
J? If you have not purchased that spring suit, you
ful opportunity do not put it off another day but
come in Monday, if for no other reason than to sat
isfy yourself that our claims are correct.
Then if ycu should decide to make a purchase, the .unusually low prices, due
to the sharp reductions now in force offer you a saving of one-fourth to one-third
of their original values. The styles are absolutely correct in every . par
ticular, the workmanship, fit and finish are the best that it is possible for skilled la
bor to produce ; hence you have the satisfaction of the FAIR guarantee that every
suit is just as represented. The materials embodied in the making of these suits
are Wool Jersey, Fancy Mixtures, Poplin, Gabardine, Tricotine and Poirte Twill.
The short waist line and the bustle effect are much in evidence, some have man
nish little vestees and over collars of silk in shades tc contrast or harmonize, others
are semi-tailored or full tailored models ronservatively designed.
Suits that were $25.00 to $29.50 now selling at $19.65
Suits that were $35.00 to $37.50 now selling at !.$24.95
Suits that were $39.50 to $42.50 now selling at $29'95
Suits that were $45.00 to $49.50 now selling at :.$34.95
Suits that were $52.50 to $55.00 now selling at $39.95
A Notable Sale of
LINGERIE WAISTS
.ft' V
fill; rf
! - -: i
. 7
Jp - .
s
O: -
V
Today Is
Mothers9 Day
Wear a White Carnation
The sweetest of all our insti
tutions is Mothers' Day day
of tribute to Mother a day
when one attempts to express
that high regard one holds Tor
Mother.
The very word "Mother" is
enchanting. Your Mothers' Is
expression is a matter of senti
mental character what you
-hoose Is really not important
Mother will understand and ap
preciate. Honor the sweet memory of
your Mother today by wearing
a White Carnation.
Smart
Sweaters
of Shetland Wool
For Women,
Misses, Children
Now that these cooler even
ings call for a light wrap, what
better could you imagine than
one of these pretty sweaters
made of Shetland wool, in the
so popular slipover style, many
other models buttoned down
front, finished with pretty belt
or sash, of self color or contrast
ing shade. 'Coral rose nisle
green, yellow purple and Amer
ican beauty are all represented
n the color assortment. The
)rices range from $7.50 to
122.50.
An attractive collection of
Misses' and Children's Shetland
wool sweaters, slipover or but
ton front style, colors of rose,
peach, green, pink and light
blue, some with Angora collars
and cuffs, in a price range,
$3.25 to $7.50.
Monday
Corset Special,
$1.29
Your choice of several models
of the famous "Royal Worces
ter" make in net or drill fabrics,
well boned, medium bust, long
skirts. One special lot priced
fcr Monday's selling, $1.29.
Women's, Misses' and Children's
1 -IT HII
Fancy Parasols One-Half Price
There is two hundred in the lot, no two alike, Satin, Taffeta, Pongee, linen and cotton,
in a big assortment of pouular patterns, solid colors, plaids, stripes, Oriental and Dresden
designs, in a wealth of new and popular colorings. This assortment represents all the
new and most popular shapes, long or short handles, in plain wood or fancy colors to har
monize, and now that the warmer days are near, you are sure to want of these pretty
Parasols and especially, you will want one on account of their remarkably low price. See
this assortment.
A Wonderful Sale or
Women's Model ana
Pattern Hats
Values to $27.50
$14.50
None Reserved
Welcome indeed will be this unusual opportunity to the woman who has
not purchased her mid-season hat, this is without question one of the biggest
values offered this season, in smartly trimmed model and Pattern Hats of ex
clusive design. Hats that are ready to put on and wear now ; for any and
all occasions, dress, semi-dress, street, afternoon or evening wear.
This assortment consists cf hats of beautiful Milan, Leghorns, Horse Hair
Georgette Crepe and JJssere, in medium large or small shapes, many are
beautifully flower trimmed, others with feather fancies, the color assortment
is especially attractive.
WOMEN'S Ready -to-W ear HATS
Values to $10.00
On Sale Monday ....
I .,;n tlA rr v-rvf fxr TurknTlC PrJlf morM J1S Well 3.3 tC
larger shapes. You are sure to find in this assortment just the hat to appeal
to your particular rancy. q
Naturally the better models will be the first to go, and we do not expect the entire lot to
last through Monday, so be one of the early shoppers and get first choice of this wonder
ful collection. Remenjber the price is only $6.95.
Children's Hats, $1.00 to $3.50
Stylish Little Models Shown in Great' Variety
This is a well selected assortment consisting of the popular Lingerie wash hats. Silk
and braid models and the sturdy straw in all wanted shapes and sizes, bring the little
folks in and let us fit them out in one of these little Hats, so reasonable in price.
Silk and Cotton
Crepe de Chine 49c Yd.
This rumrrery material is especially adaptable for the making of underwear and
dresses. It is 36 inches wide, and is offered in a wide range of popular colors that are
fast and washable. Licht blue, ccpen blue, flesh, old rose and black. Don t wait until
the hot months are here, supply your needs now, and have the garments ready.
$6.95
98c, $2.95, $3.95, $5.00, $6.50 and up
To the forethcughted woman who can readily appre
ciate the increasing scarcity of cotton fabrics, and the up
ward tendencies of market prices there will be little appeal
necessary for her to take advantage of the unusually low
prices on the waists we are able now to quote, which the
future may not permit.
The time to supply your needs is NOW; what the future
has in store as to high prices we do not know, but if we
may judge the future by the past, prices will go still higher.
In this splendid collection of Smart Blouse waists for
women we are offering dozens of attractive models priced
at 98c.
Some elaborately trimmed with fine embroidery and
lace, others in the more tailored styles; all have long
sleeves; the materials embodied in these waists are plain
and fancy voiles. There arc all wanted sizes '34 to 46.
These are regular $1.50 values.
We are offering smart waists at $1.49, such attractive
models and of such splendid fabric, you will wonder how
it is possible for us to sell them at this price; dimity, plain
oile. aiul seed voile, in plain white, flesh, tiplit
blue, popular stripes and plaids very attractive
collars and culls, some of all over embroidery,
others wi:.!i insets of lace ami embroidery.
Priced at to $:!.!t.r., you will .see many
charniliiK models in white or pleasing color as
sortment, some hand tucked and embroidery
trimmed, o'hers elaborately tiimmed with din'y
iace ami fine embroidery edges
Priced tn.'io to J.r,0 and tip, may lie seen
such exquisite models of the finest material
trimmed with Imported Hand made Philippine
embroidery, others with insets of the daintiest
lace.
A wide and varied assortment of the prettiest
models you have ever seen, the coll.irs ai.d i-ul'l.s
are especially attractive.
Sale of Knitting Bags
Value to $5.00, Choice $1.98, One to Each Customer
A wonderful showing of these serviceable bags ; this is a lucky purchase of our buyer
who picked up a sample line, just fifty in the lot, at a great reduction in price, and we
are going to pass our good fortune along to you. Monday we place the entire lot on
sale at $1.98 each; the regular values range up to $5.00.
The materials are cretone, silk and satin, there are many different kinds and
weights of silk, and cretone of many new and attractive patterns and color combina
tions, some are silk lined, some are fitted with small coin purse of self material, and
small hand mirror backed with material to match its respective bag. The handles are ot
amber imitation tortoise shell, wood and steel, some silk tassel trimmed, others trimmed
with fruit and gold braid.
If you do not possess a knitting bag, here is your opportunity, one you will not be
offered again for a long, long time if at all. The materials alone in some of these bags
are worth more than we are asking for the completed bag. They are substantially well
made and nicely finished, equally useful as shopping bags. Come in Monday and
make your selection.
MEN'S SUMMER UNDERWEAR
Shown in a Big Variety of Popular Styles, Weight
and Materials
Men's cheeked nainsook knee
ieiiL'lh athletic union suits- $1.00
Men's checked nainsook knee
!e:ipth athletic union suits. $1.25
.Men's flaxon athletic knee leiiKth
union suits $1.50
Men's barred, muslin athletic knee
engtll liniens $1.50
Men's knit knie let, nth qu.trter
leeve union suits $1.50
Men's knit ankle Icnittii quarter
deeve union suits $1.75
Jen's knit ankle length quarter
sleeve ecrue unions .
$1.75
Men's -init Hnkle length quarter
sleeve union suits . $2.00
Men's knit mercerized unions.
:!-4 length, quarter sleeve.
Mun's knit quarter sleeve
inkle drawers, a garment
$2.50
shir:
$1.25
Same as above in line white
iiiuzc. per garment $1.00
Men's checked nainsook, shirts ,v
Irawers. a garment 50c
Wen's shirts and drawers, knit
due mixed, liarnient $1.00
alhripii'ti shirts, quarter or
Hi',- sicew. ankle dr-im r. -.
nent . 75c
40 Inch Vaile Special 39c
You will be delighted with this splendid fabric, which is
shown in many new floral designs, plaids, checks, stripes,
and allover patterns, in such pleasing colors as French
gray, pink, light and navy blue, Jcffre blue, old rose, plum,
tan and lavender.
36 Inch Fancy Silks $1.49
Values to $2.98
Satins and taffetas, in attractive stripes, checks and
plains, a large and varied assortment of the season's newest
and mcst popular colors and color combinations for your
selection. This material is especially adapted for skirts,
suits or dresses.
Monday and Tuesday Special
3 Pair Women's Boot Silk Hose $1.00
Limit 6 pair to a Customer
All wanted sizes &xz to 10; the
colors are black and white only;
14 inch silk boot; double heel, sole
and toe. 1 he heel is high spliced.
Garter top", ihis is a wonderful val
ue; don't overlook it. Monday,
special. 3 pairs for $1.00; limit 6
pairs to a customer.
i - ! i " . i ' i J v 1 ' 1 - n THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MAY 12, 1918.
THREE
News of Social Circles
Business at the Red Cross Shop lias
been unusually good the past week
owing to the generous contributions
of the people of the Warren .district.
Every encouragement should be given
the shop as it is of great assistance
ia these times of war to the govern
ment, adding as it does, a generous
amount to the Red Cross Fund and
helping to eliminate constant solicit
ing. The idea of the shop was first con
ceived by Mrs. Gerald Sherman and
was opened October 27, the proceeds
being given to the permanently blind.
Later Mrs. P. E. Shine assumed
charge for one month. Since then
Mrs. C. F. Hawley has had charge of
the work assisted for Hi time by Mrs.
George Bridge. The Red Cross Shop
has outgrown the experimental stage
and has come to be looked upon as a
success as well as a necessity. It has
demonstrated its usefulness the past
winter, tn supplying clothing to the
people of limited means often times
of a quality beyond their reach, as
much of the clothing has been very
good. It has also been the means of
enlisting many in service who would
perhaps not have come in.
The Red Cross Shop Is capable of
much greater usefulness if only the
room necessary for different branches
of the work were available, the cloth
ing which can be mended is looked
after by several volunteer workers in
the shop. That which is past mend
in? but which has good parts is being
utilized by being made into childrens
clothing by other workers. The heavy
woolen clothing which cannot be sold
and is past mending is being made up
into quilts to be sent later to the Pel
gians. so there is nothing that comes
to the shop that is not made use of.
Beginning May 20, there will be an
exhibit for one week at the Phelps
Dodse store of the different depart
ments of Red Cross work. The Red
Cros3 ShoD solicits a variety of small
things which may be used in display,
such as jewelry, china, small pictures,
bric-a-brac, toys, books, art needle
work or any small things which peo
ple may have tired of. It may be of
1 . a t . 1 VT- .1 (
uuertsi iu people 01 me w Hrren uis
trict who have so renemnoiv onrK.
nted to know that since December 10
the receipts have amounted to over
$800. the shoo being operated at a
small expenditure.
t !S?
Anona Club met at the home of
Miss Jennie Warren last Tuesday
evening. After the business meeting
the evening was devoted to entertain
ment Several vocal scelections were
rendered by Miss Josephine Clouthier
and Miss Anna Warren. Then every
body -knitted. Those nresent were
Masses Josephine Clouthier. Florence
Bucket Maud Brazil, Elizabeth Stam
per, Lillian McSorley. Lvdia Slnan,
Edith Kennedy, Evelyn Kennedy, Lor
raine Cain. Florence Linderman. Ooal
Core. Lucv Caretto, Mesdames T. Dun
lap. W. Tonkin. A. Riddle.
The next meeting will be held at i
the home of Mrs. C. W. Boswell, on
Tuesday evening. May 21st
t
Friday afternoon surgical dressing
class at the Woman's club made 1025
compresses with Miss Butler in
charge. Those present were Mes-
dames D. H. Landes, C. H. Moore. M.
Sterling. M. C. High, W. E. Hankin,
J. F. Burgess, C. Thiscka, V. Charles
ton. E. G. Ruffner, A. M. Smock. W.
F. Hess. J. Hassinger, F. C. Churchill,
R. Gill, T. H. Houston and C. W. Wil
son. The surgical dressing class under
the auspices of Mrs. Henry Poppen,
which meets at the Woman's club on
"Monday afternoon, made a total of
2.775 compresses. Those present were
Mesdames A. Tregonning. Blanche
Lindquist Joseph Senna. H. Akard,
P. F. Snell. C. S. Joint, M. E. Gibson,
Joe Rice, Gertrude Sherman and Hen
ry Poppen. They made ,1125 com
presses. Adawana Camp Fire Girls and Grade
9C Junior High. Those present were
Helen Downes, Edith Hanley, Grace
Mitchell, Edna Chain, Florence Lam
bert, Ida Hutterman, Mary Serkovich,
Jean Waters, Helen O'Kerstrom, Ber
tha Ojeda and Alina Beam, Douglas
McGregor, Chauncey Mitchell, Char
lie Maddern, Edward Porter, Visa Ew
lng, James Mullen. They made 1650
compresses.
Kf
All the mining companies have of
fered to give their junk to the Red
Cross. This will amount to about 2
truck loads during the week, which
will almost necessitate the use of a
warehouse.
The Miners and Metal Workers Un
ion of the Warren District have do
nated a solid maple top table to the
Lowell work room. Local No. 125.
In proportion to the population of the
Warren district there Is not a large
attendance.
a
The Catholic women of Bisbee at
the last meeting made 24 suits of pa
jamas and 13 hospital shirts. About
30 women sew each week and furnish
their own machines.
!
The Philathea Sunday School class
of the M. E. church has recently held
Volumes can be spoken about froclis.
If. one would enter he garden gate,
she must live up to the environment
and endeavor to rival the exquisite
blossoms that bloom within. When
the' afternoon sun sends its slanting
rays through the trees then organdies
must come forth to blend with th
sweet May flowers and all other en
chanting things that go with spring.
To become even more picturesque a
great deal depends upon the hat. A
transparent hat should never be worn
with an organdie frock.
A graceful costume is made of
smoke gray organdie, bound and gir
dled with narrow ribbons and worn
Of Interest to Women j
two very interesting meetings, tliaj
first at the home of Mrs. C. W. Allen ,
of Tombstone Canyon, and the second j
at the home of Mrs. Haynie and Mrs.
Pressley on School Hill. The object
of these meetings is to have a social
hour and to get all members of the
class interested in useful work. The
work undertaken by the class this
year, and for possibly two or three
more years, is the education of a lit
tle girl in the Mary J. Piatt Home at
Tucson, this little girl's mother being
unable to support her properly and
having agreed to allow the Philatheas
to "adopt" her until she has beTome
educated and self-supporting. This is
real missionary work on the part of
the Philatheas, and a business meet
ing will be held each month to discuss
the best ways and means to "do
things" that count as this is the mot
to of the class. All young women and
married women who wish to join the
Philatheas are cordially invited to
meet at the M. E. church at 9:45 on
Sunday mornings.
3K 8 28
An event of more than ordinary
interest was the marriage of two of
Bis'bqe's most popular young people.
Miss Bessie Lee Holman and Mr. Ral
eigh Burroughs. The wedding took
place at the home of the groom, Mr.
and Mrs. E. B. Burroughs, at 10
o'clock Thursday morning.
The ceremony was performed by
Rev. Kirchbaum, after which a deli
cious breakfast was served. Covers
were laid for twelve. The remainder
of the day was given over to bidding
good-bye to a host of friends of the
grcom. who left at 5 p. m. to answer
the call to the colors, while his bride
J will continue her duties at the post
oince. me young people nave i-ne
best wishes of their many friends in
the district
f 'X
The Lowell Red Cross surgical
dressing department under the direc
tion of Mrs. Paul Bell made 851 com
presses during the week. The follow
ing women were present at the work
room dur'ng the week: Misses Abe,
Duggan, Duffy. Mesdames Taylor,
Roland. Tuckness, Whitehead, Will
iams, Wilson, Dodds, Postert, Shilliam
Jones, Smith, Terry, Johnson, Ball,
Hoffman, Grace, McAllister, Hallmark
Tincuff, Tabero. Callison, Gardner,
Wagner, Spaulding, Flowers, and
Wood.
Mrs. Paul Bell sends out an appeal
to all women of the Lowell district
for more workers in the surgical dress
ing department Those who cannot
sew should come aud make surgical
dressings. The Lowell women wish
to thank the Gibson-Hines Lumber
Co. for the lumber that was donated
for a ten foot table, also Mr. C. A.
Morrow for the labor. And to express
their appreciation to the Miners Un
ion who heard of the lack of tables
and so kindly donated one.
f fc' K
A dramatic recital given by the pu
pils of Mrs. Maye Esther Thomas
English at the high school gymnasium
Friday evening. May 17. at 8:15 p. m.
Admission 25 cents. Proceeds will be
donated to Red Cross.
PROGRAM
Part 1
Six cups of chocolate , a piece of
rnrniln tn nnA net) Mnthewa
In - - - - '
v Phnrartpro
Miss Adeline de Leon, a Spanish girl
Freda Gutley
Miss Marion Lee, a transplanted
southern girl Blanche Campbell
Miss Dorothy Green, a New England-
er Amy Tenner
Miss Hester Beacon, a Bostonian,
Mary Caretto
Miss Beatrice Van Kortland, a New
Yorker v - Mary Hennessy
Miss Jeanette Durand, a French girl
.. Jeanette Newman
The Maid Ailene Brown
Scene in college town in New Eng
land. Time early spring. Place, liv
ing room in Adeline's home.
A modern Queen Esther Schell
Crystal Waters
The Mustard Plaster..- ...Fielding
Naomi Newman 1
Pro Patria -...Ammerman
Jeanette Newman
Song Bobby Shaftoe Schuster
Mary Caretto
Pantomime Bobby Naomi Newman
Marie Crystal Waters
Their friend Dorothy Tenner
Part 2
Reading The Eridge Longfellow
Mrs. English
Pantomime Mary Caretto, Amy Fen
ner. Rose Suttey. Freda Suttey, Ail
ene Brown, Jeanette Newman and
Blanche Campbell.
(a) Bobby Shaftoe Greene
(b) Mrs. Rastus Johnson at the wed
ding Bingham
Crystal Waters
(a) The Pride of Battery B Gassaway
(b) Goldilocks Pictorial
Naomi Newman
Tit for Tat Nemo
Jeanette Newman
The Fiddle Told ( a true incident In
Gov. Bob Taylor's life) Anonymous
(Violin John Downs)
Mrs. R. M. Bradley
Aesthetic Physical Culture Drill
(Mass
Where Old Glorv Leads l it Follow
Maye Esther Thomason English and
Mary Caretto.
over a satin petticoat of the same
misty shade of gray. This Is demure
and very simple. Of mauve marquis
ette, befrilled with dainty laces and
worn with an adorable brocaded Jack
et. When the balminess of May-time
breezes is being wafted about one
should don a blue mulle frock so that
Its filmy folds may flutter with de
Unht. The ends of a surplice bodice
are puffed with old-time qualntness
to bring the modern note to this after
noon frock of old rose chiffon and
lawn. A large hat made of maline.
blue is very Ffenrhy looking, to be
worn with It. ' A dainty dress of em
broidered organdie veiled with chif
fon. It Is crisp and dotted with fine
embroidery and a dninfy rreen U fhe
shade.
Shoes
It. has been rumored tlint leather is
much more plentiful, so naturally
shoes will be cheaper. The shade of
shoes that matches the hat. Is more
popular ' than a shade to match the
dress. A great many black shoes are
worn. Oxfords, low heels and high
heels are good. If one is well shod it
helps more than any other article of
wearing apparel to appear well
groomed. It has been well said that
a lady may be detected by her gloves
and shoes.
Women have always thought that
a shoe touW be stylish or it could be
comfortable, never both. But thought
spent upon this matter will make a
great difference. Pick out the kind
of shoo that suits the foot. Wear that
kind all the time as near as posiiblej
to stay in the style. The business j
woman needs a comfortable soft shoe
but not necessarily an unattractive
one. Oxfords with common sense
heels are very good for street wear.
Into the realm of' patent leather
pumps there comes a sparkling capti
vating beauty. The lovliest of soft
gray kid oxfords are very smart. A
dark tan calf, femininely military and
so very comfortable that one naturally
chooses to walk with a soldier in
these.
Skirts
No matter how the material is used,
the spring skirts give the impression
of a narrow silhouette. They are
made on straight lines but with nar
row fulness which falls from the yoke,
fasten at one side and finished with
white pearl buttons. A skirt df beige
fibre silk with a narrow corded yoke
is worn with a blouse of white organ
die. A decided novelty for summer
is a separate skirt of white crepe de
chine worn with a blouse of dotted
swiss, which has inserts and a collar
of organdie. This forms an alliance
against the hottest summer days. A
black satin skirt has a Spanish air
at the top and comes under Moorish
influence at the bottom, where there
are openings for the feet. A sports
skirt is made of old blue wool jersey,
buttons across the back in a fashion
which recalls Dickens. The Zouave
skirt is one of the best creations of
the season. A wide crushed belt gives
a decided waist line, and the loosely
draped fullness of the skirt is caught
in at the bottom like Turkish trous
ers. Lingerie
For coolness and charm it is hard
to excel crepe de chine for a negligee,
and with fluted ruffles of chiffon it is
simply irresistable. It will tuck away
into the tiny corner of a bag and does
not wrinkle. A'good brassiere that
gives one's figure a youthful appear
ance is difficult to find. A bandeau
brassiere fills this requirement. Of
ping or white figured batiste. Three
elastics give pliability. Frocks of or
gandie require satin princess slips.
Of washable satin and silk embroid
ered. A gown of sheer fine French
mull Is entirely hand made and
trimmed with Irish crochet lace and
ribbons. Another one of pale, pink
crene de chine 'is of" empire- effect
without any sleeves.
Wraps
A wonderful idea that of buttoning
a coat in the back. So that wool
might be released for uniforms., satin
has been substituted for women's
coats. One is black and white satin
with a surplice collar weighed with
tassels is attractive. A collar for a
satin tailleur is one that is caught on
the Fhoulders, and then twists itself
into a wide knotted Bash. A wrap of
blue satin faced with banana satin
and embroidered In gay wool. No one
could resist the becoming scarf like
collar that ends in a girdle. Most of
the collars are simply masterpieces
In mufflers, for after crushing about
the throat It crosses in the back and
buttons in the front, with two pockets
of triangular shape at the end.
Y. W. C. A. Notes
At present the uppermost thought
in the clubs is that of going ramping
cut at Millers Canyon In the Huachu
cae. The Y. W. C. A. has a permanent
camp which will open May 18th. The
different clubs are planning to go out
for a week at a time, and if there are
any young girls who would like to go
they are asked to come to the office
and register with Miss McCurdy. If
you are contemplating this it is ne
cessary to register within the next
few days.
The total expense for the week in
cluding transportation will be 55. It
will be necessary for the girls to miss
school for that week, but a time has
been set aside in the dally program
which will be devoted to study and
the girls are requested to bring the
books of those studies in which they
have any difficulty.
A list of articles necessary for
camping are posted in the hall and
the girls are asked to pack them In
as small a bundle as possible and not
in suitcases.
The membership campaign which
has been going on will come to an end
at a tea to be given Wednesday, May
15th, at which time the chairmen of
the different districts will give their
reports. Also at this time mothers
and wives of men in the service are to
be honored guests, and a delichtful
program has been arranged. All the
members and their friends are invited.
The regular monthly board meeting
will be held this next Tuesday.
HAMILTON ENLISTS
CRv Tlovlew Ta1 Wire) .
PITTSBURGH. May 11 Earl Ham
ilton, leading pitcher of the National
League this season, by virtue of no de
feats and six victories, the last i'
which scored today when lie pitchea
Pittsburgh to a victory over New
York left tonight for Chicago from
which city he will go to Mare Island.
Calif., to enlist in the United States
navy.
Hamilton was placed in class one
of the draft and is said to have decid
ed to join the navy rather than await
call under the .selective service act.
1 WEEKLY NEWS LETTER YOUNG
KEN'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION
. OF WARREN MINING DISTRICT
Men's Department
.The association is in receipt of an
Interesting letter from J. ,Theo.
Marks, who is how located at Jerome.
Mr. Marks was formerly employeu in
the local mines. He left here some
months ago for Cananea, where he
was employed by the Four C's com
pany. He is now employed by one of
the big companies of Jerome.
The Bisbee bowler, as It stands
now. are the best bowlers in the state,
having won this year from Douglas
the Walter Douglas
with the first team
perpetual 'cup.i
and the annual i
EhlPld tournament from Douglas with I
the first and second teams, and they!
may go to' Tucson and wallop tnelrwtio annot come in uie afternoon,
first team before the month is out. j There are classes on Monday, Ted
During the warm season, which Is on-nesday and Friday at 7:45 p. m.
ly a ehort time in Bisbee. our allevs!
will be put in first class shape, and I bunch cf twelve boys took a hike
possibly new alleys. Then we will j with Mr. Hill last Saturday and r,
again be ready to meet all comers ported a fine time. Mr. Hill recently
next season, came here from Los Angeles to help
'with the boys' department.
C. J. Barnhart. representing the In-,
trrnational Correspondence schools
here for the past month, expects to
leave in a few days for Colorado
Springs, where he w ill visit his rela
tives before joining the colors.
Harry Gillispie, who has been with
Schwartz Brothers and a member of
the "Y" for a number of, years, lett
Thursday for the training camp in
Texas, and expects to go across soon
with the rest of the bunch.
B. L. Srygley, an enthusiastic "Y"
member for some months, expects to
leave for FJ Paso on May 10th. Mr.
Srygley will take the examination for
the medical corns, in which branch of
the service he has volunteered.
The educational department is still
booming with classes. A new class In
the chemistry of mining was organiz
ed the past week. Thi3 class Is free
to all Interested and meets every
Tuesday and Friday at 8 o'clock p. m.
The mining class every Thursday at
1:30 and 7:00 p. m. is still in full
swing. Mr. Tenney's geology class
meets as usual at 1:30 and 7:00 p. m.
cn Wednesdays. The Spanish class
has a new teacher, who is well versed
in Spanish, and the class is meeting
regularly Wednesday and Friday at
7:00 p. m. Men are welcome to avail
themselves of these opportunities.
Ed Cooley, brother of our old friend
"Bill" Cooley, came in on last Thurs
day morning, and took out a member
ship. Says he wants to get In the
"gym" at on;e. Mr. Cooley is now
livlns In Warren with his wife and
family says he Is well pleased with
Bisbee and the surroundings. He 's.a
mining engineer, working for the Cop
per Queen. Mr. Cooley states that he
frequently hears from "Bill," and Mr.
Newton, who joined the United States
service with Pill. Mr. Newton is now
first lieutenant, and Bill top sergeant
in the same company.
Following is a list of new members
and renewals who have joined the as
sociation during the oast Awo weeks:
Rod McDonald. W. T. Worthlngton.
Jchn Newell. Thos. Lyons. Dr. C. H.
Hunt, J. C. B. Amos, Jno. Shiels; J. S.
Hunt. das. M. Cox. Chas. F. Hefeldt.
Martin Medak. Jack Kofalt. E. J.
Bumpus. L A. Fisher, R. Everett. Joe
Dalmasso, Jas. T. Wright Patrick St.
John, Fred Trimble, W. R. Potter, Er
nest P. Norton, J. C. Buckner. Dr.
Richard Glaze, Will Hickey. J. D.
Dortch. L. M. Harlos, David G. San
chez, Jack Cato, Newton D. Taylor,
Clark Core. Lester Ferrell, R. Whal
ing. Samuel L Hunt, Syd Barton. John
Neish, John Courson, Cirrel McDon
ald, Vincent Gonzales, C. W. Sheehan.
David Seewald, Wtn, Dewey Walker,
Lawrence Frasco, J. McAdam, Wm.
Ivan Gale. Nat Chavarria. Sam Slya
plch, R. E. Hays. Henry Michaels. D.
A. Lee, Louis Mikovich, W, H. DeSel
lem. J. R. B. Shideler, Chas. Larson,
Eugene Andreas,. O. F. Raaz, Verue
Brooks, A. F. Ne ISon, J. A. Rosok, R.
F. Sherman.
Boys' Department
Otis Livingston recently returned
from a visit in California. Otis re
ported a fine time while away, but
was glad to return to his former
friends at the Y. M. C. A.
The gold medals to be given to the
boys who won first place in their gym
nasium class In the gymnastic con
test have arrived, and they are some
beauties. Bertrum Morse took first
prize In the junior class. 'Joe Senna
won In the intermediates, and Charles
Madders took first place' among the
employed boys. The medals will be
presented to the boys Saturday night.
May 18, at which time there will be
Before applying powder give your
skin a protecting coat of
MARINELLO
Motor Cream
Shields skin against wind and weather.
Prevents tan and sunburn. Keeps skin soft
and velvety. Eliminates cow ot most com
plexion defects. Absolutely essential to
proper care of facial beauty. Try u.
McDonald's Marinello
Shop Phone 805
an old fashioned social In the boys'
department, with eats served on the
side. The boys winning , second,
third and fourth places in their re
spective classes will receive a V. M.
('. A. button as a prize.
The most interesting activity
the boys at the present time is
for
the
swimming. Every boy In the mem
bership of the boys' department now
has the opportunity to leam to swim.
In fact, any boy in the Warren dis
trict can become a member for a very
small fee and learn to swim. Classes
are held every day except Saturday
and Sunday at 5 p. m
On Saturday
there is a class at 10:30 a. m. for boys
I xineteen members were taken Into
,ne Doys. department last month. Lets
make it thirty this month. With an
opportunity for every boy to leam to
swim, many members should come in.
Now is the time to boost
The very mention of Hunt's name
seems to throw the cohorts of the rep
tile press into hysterics. Their foara-
ings and screamings about Hunt cre
ate a mixed feeling of pity and deris
ion. Legal Notices.
IN THE DISTRICT COURT OF THE
UNITED STATES, FOR THE
DISTRICT OF ARIZONA
tn Bankruptcy, No. B-20
BANKRUPT'S PETITION FOR DIS
CHARGE.
In the Matter of A. P. Mc'JO.UY.S,
Bankrupt
TO THE HON. WILLIAM U. SA.V
! TELLE, Judge of the District Court c f
the United States, for ttie Di3tric.-. f
Arizona:
A. P. McComas of the City of Bi ;bee,
in the County of Cochise, and rftat-! of
Arizona, in said District, respectfully
represents that on the otr. day" of
March, 3H8, last past, he w?.3 duly ad
judged bankrupt under the acts of con
gress relating to bankruptcy; tha' he
has duly surrendered all his property
and rights of property, and has filled
and complied with all the requirements
ot said acts and orders tit the Court
touching his bankruptcy.
WHEREFORE, he prays that he
may be decreed by the Court to have
a full discharge from all debts prov
able against his estate under said
Bankruptcy Act, except such debts os
are excepted by law from such dis
charge. Dated this 28th day of April, A. D.,
1918.
A. P. McCOMAS,
Bankrupt
ORDER OF NOTICE THEREON
District of Arizona, County of Co
chise, ss.
On this the 1st day of May. A. D.,
1918, on reading the foregoing petition.
It is
ORDERED BY THE COURT that a
hearing be bad upon the same on the
17th day of June. A. D., 1918. before
said cojrt. at the City of Tucson, in
said District, at 10 o'clock. A. M.; and
that notice thereon be published in a
newspaper printed in said district, and
that all known creditors and other
persons interested may appear at the
Gas Fired Water
For Attaching
to Your
Range Boiler
Bisbee
L
said time and place and show cause,
if any they have, why the prayer of
the said petitioner should not be
granted
And it Is further ordered by the
Court that the Cl-rk shall send bv
tnait in ! limwn ,.r.l it nrs rnr.io. rf
said petition and this order'addressed
to them vl their places of residence, as
stated.
WITNFSS THE HONORABLE
WILLIAM II. SAWTELLE. JUDGE
OF Til's SAID COURT. AND THE
SEAT. THEREOF, at the City of Tuc-
son. in said District, on the 1st day of
May, A. D.. 191S.
MOSE DRACHMAS.
Clerk.
By EFFIE D. BOTTS.
Deputy Clerk.
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT
IN THE COUNTY OF COCHISE,
STATE OF ARIZONA.
Tn tho ATatfor nf thp Fsit.ltA nnit !
Guardianship of ANNA AND ROY
vriRTnv vinnr.
un rea.nns : ana nnng inpeuuon or
Mrs. v. R. lork. nee Busrmbark. the
guardian of the persons and estates of
,i r, -vii
Anna and Roy Morton, Minors, pray
ing for ar. order of sale of certain real
estate belonging to said wards for the
purposes therein srt forth;
IT IS HKREBY OKUEKKIJ. That
the next of kin ot the said wards and
all persons interested in the said es
tate, appear before this Court on Sat
urday, tire 15th aly of June, 1918, at
10:00 o'clock A. M., at the Court Room
of this Court, at the City of Tomb -
stone, in the said County of Cochise,
then and there to show cause why an
order should not be granted for the
sale of ruch estate.
AND THIS IS TO FURTHER OR -
DER, That a copy of this.,onter be pub-
Ushed at least three (3) successive
weeks before the said day of hearing
In the Bisbee Daily Review, a news
paper printed and published in said
County of Cochise.
Dated Mav 4. 1918.
ALFRED C. LOCKWOOD,
Judge of the Superior Court
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of The Interior
V, S. Land Office at Phoenix, Arizona,
April 27. 111::.
NOTICE is hereby given that
Charles A. Martin, of Hereford, Ari
zona, who, on June 5. 1913, made
Homestead Entry, No. Q27365. for Lots
3 and 4. EV6 SWV4. Section 31. Town
ship 23-S, Range 22 E. G & S R B &
Meridian, has filed notice of intention
to make Three Year Proof, to estab
lish claim to the land above described,
before Jared D. Taylor. U. S. Com
missioner, at Bi3bee. Arizona, on the
4th day of June. 1918.
Claimant names as witnesses: Jo
seph Hammer, Frederick J. Murrell,
Jacob C. Baker, George J. McCabe,
all of Hereford, Arizona.
JOHN I IRVIN.
Register.
First publication 5-4.
Last publication, 6-4.
NOTICE OF THE APPLICATION OF 4.694 acres, expressly excluding area
THE BISBEE-WARREN COPPER i in conflict with Sulphide lode, this sur
COMPANY FOR A UNITED STATES vey of 3.257 acres."
PATENT The location notices of these claims
Mineral Survey No. 33S9. are recorded in tbe County Recorder's
U. S. Land Office, Phoenix, Ariz,
March 4. 1918.
T'oMce is hereby given that the Bis-bee-Warren
Copper Company, a cor
poration organized and existing nnder
tho laws of the State of Arizona, with
Its principal office at the city of Bis
bee. by its president and secretary,
thereunto duly authorized by resolu
tion of its board of directors, has made
apnllcatlon for patent for the following
named lode mining claims, situated in
the Warren Mining District of Cochise
Countv, State of Arizona, approximate-
lly in Section 13, Township 23 S, Range
1 24 E, (unapproved) and Section 18.
as follows:
Vi ARREN "Beginning at Cor. No.
1. the S. E. Cor, whence the W. K
Cor. of Sec. IS. T 23 S, P. 25 E . O. A
S. R B. & M, brs. S. 72" 42' E. 2425.1
ft, thence N. 77 57' W. 1496.0 feet to
Provides abundant supply of
hot water at reasonable cost.
Call at our store and ask for
demonstration, or make re
quest for representative to call
upon you.
Improvement Co.
Cor. No. 2, the S. W. Cor., thence N.
11 e 02' E. 600 feet to Cor. No. 3, the
N W Cor., thence S. 77' 57' E.
tett to Cor. No. 4. the N. E. Cor,
thence S. 11 02' W. fiOO 'est to Cor.
No- L the Plac of t;' bey'-sning. eon-
talning a f.et Cra Of 11.479 acre BX-
Pjnsly excluding area In conflict with
Survey No. 3158. Rolla lode of 7 511
acres, and with Survey No. 3374, Rock
land lode of 1.613 acre."
BISBEE "Beginning at Cor. No. 1.
the S. E. Cor., whence the W i Co,
of Sec. 18. T. 23 S.. R. 25 E.. G. & S.
R B. & M. brs. S. 64 20' E. 943.4 ft.
thence N 5rW. 149g feet t0
No 2. the S. W. Cor- thence N. 11"
.1?' E. 600 feet to Cor. No. 3. the N. W.
Cor., thence S. 77" 57' E. 14DS feet to
Cor. No. 4. the N. E. Cor thence 3. 11"
02' W. 600 feet to Cor. No. 1. the
place of the beginning, containing a
net area of 20.63') acres.
RED ROCK "Beginning at Cor. No.
1 tbc S. E. Cor., thence N. 73" 53' W.
1460.90 feet to Cor. No. 2. the S. W.
orj- p "
; ic ;or. :o. 3. me is. w. cor., mence s.
.7 7' E.
14riC 7rt teet tn Cnr Vn 4
- - r. i2T
t . , . .
'n3 th ' ?,a?'r?'
beginning, a net area of 7 504
scies. expressly excluding area in con
flict with Survey No. 3137 Jack Pot
No. 3.
CARBONATE "Beginning at Cor.
Vn , ,ha v r :.h - ,h w
Cor. of Sec. 18, 1. 23 S.. K. 25 E . G. &
S. R. B. & M. brs. S. 59 54' E 717.3
feet thence S. 2" 24' W. 1485.50 feet
to Cor. No. 2. the S. E. Cor., thence N.
57' W. 532.30 feet to Cor. No. 3.
ltbe S. W. Cor., tbence N. 0 52' E. 600
I fet to Cor. No. 4, thence S. 73 09' E.
27 3C feet to Cor. No. 5. thence N. 13"
I 47' E. 597.80 feet to Cor. No. 6. thence
N. 73 09' W. 40 feet to Cor. No. 7.
1 thence N. 24 32 W. 345.30 feet to
j Cor. No. 8, the N. W. Cor., thence S.
77 57' E. 600 feet to Cor. No. 1. the
i place ot the beginning, set area ot
9.691 acres, expressly excluding area
in conflict with Sulphide lode ot this
survey of 1.532 acres and with Survey
No 3390 Nancy Hanks lode of 5.744
acres.
6ULPHIDE neglnnlng at Cor. No.
1. the S. E. Cor., whence the W. VI
Cor. of Sec. 18. T. 23 S.. R. 23 E.. G. A
5 R -B. & M. brs. N. 87" 04' W. 694.7
feot. thence N. 34" 32' W. 1463.50 feet
tc Cor. No. 2. the S. W. Cor, tbence N.
2 24' E. 300 feet to Cor. No. 3. thence
N 11" 02' E. 300 feet to Cor. No. 4.
the N. W. Cor., thence S. T7" 57' E.
597 feet to Cor. No. 5. thence S. 86" 34
E 838 feet to Cor. No. 6. the N. E.
Cor, thence S. 2" 24' W. 559.90 feet
to Cor. No. 1. the place ot the begin
ning. containing a net area ot 18.456
acres.
COPPER WEDGE Beglnn.ng at
Cor No. 1. whence the W. 4 Cor. ot
Sec. 18. T. 23 S.. R. 25 E.. C. & S. R. B.
6 M.. brs. N. 81" 55' W. 157.9 feet
thence S. 66 17' W. 882.30 feet to
Coi No. 2. the S. W. Cor, thei.ee X.
2' 24' E. 464.30 feet to Cor. No. 3. tbe
N. W. Cor, thence N. 84" 46' E.
1240.80 feet to Cor. No. 4. the N. E.
Cor., thence S. 2 24' W. to Cor. No. 5.
th S. E. Cor, thence K. 83 S5' W.
437.70 feet to Cor. No. 1. tbe place of
the beginning, containing a net area of
off.ee. cochiso County as follows:
Warren Book 53, Page 423.
Bisbee Book' 53. Page 426.
Red Rock Book 53, Page 425.
Sulphide Book 53, Page. 425.
Copper Wedge Book 63! Page 421.
Carbonate Book 53. Page 422.
The names of the adjoining claims
are: North Survey, No. 2413 Mayflow
er. Golden Gate, Juniper and Wedge
lodes. East Survey No. 2423. Delta
j lode. South Survey No. 3390. Golcon-
da. Sunshine and Nancy Hanks lodes.
Survev No. 3137. Jack Pot No. 1, and
Jack Pot No. 3 lodes. Survey No. 3158.
Roila lode. Survey No. 3374. Rockland
lode. West Survey No. 3374. Rock
land lode. Ansa lode nnsurveyed.
owned by R. A. Bretherton and C. M.
HenkeL
J. L. IRVIN. Register.
First Publication March 8. 1918.
Last Publication May 17. 1918.
1
Heater
iT
' i
H ! i
1! 1
i
!l ;
pi
r THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MAY 12, 1918.
OPEKO BREAKFAST COFFEE
Violet
Dulce
FOUR
I round or f t
Coffee for L
A Surprising Blend
of Mild Coffee. The
Asme of Perfection.
Standard Price
ound 40C
This Sale
Pounds
41c
S51
MM
Talcum
1
I
M
ODOR OF
FRESH VIOLETS
For Dainty
Women It's
the Daintiest
Standard This
Price Sale
cZ 25c
JZ 26c
LIGGETT'S OPEKO TEA
200 Captfof Tafor lc
The standard of exdknce
Standard Price,
Half Potrad Packet 50c
This Sale, 2 Pkts. 51c
ONE CENT S ALE-Next Monday,Tuesday, Wednesday-3
Days ONLY
A NOVEL WAY
TO ADVERTISE
This sale was developed as an advertising plan by the
United Drug Company, owned by 8,000 druggists.
i Rather than spend large sums of money in other ways
to convince you of the merit of their goods, they are
spending it on this sale in permitting us to sell you a full
sized, package of high standard merchandise for lc It
costs money to get new customers and the loss taken on
this sale will be well spent if the goods please you.
THE VAY
WE DO IT
You buy an item at the regular price then another
item of the same kind for lc. As an illustration: The
standard price of Rexall Teeth Paste is 25c. You buy
t tube at this price, and by paving lc more, or 26c, you
get two tubes. Every article in this sale is a high-class
standard piece of merchandise, just the same as we sell
you every day at regular prices, and have sold you for
years.
No telephone orders received for
items on this sale. The conditions
of this sale are such that all pur
chases must be cash.
Be sure to attend this sale. Hun
dreds of other articles not men
tioned in this ad. will be sold for
lc
Rexall Tooth Paste
A perfect dentifrice, anti
septic and deodorant. Cleans
and whitens the teeth. Comes
out flat on the brush.
Standard Price This Sale
ONE TUBE t TWO TUBES
25c ' 26c
Oneida Continuity Par Plate
25c 'Teaspoon 2 for 26c
50c Tablespoon ......2. for 51c
50c Fork 12 for 51c
70c Knife...... I.:..:. '. 2 for 71c
. 50c.Sugar Shell :. 2 for 51c
60c Salad Fork 2 for 61 c
"Par Plate" June pattern is guaranteed
for 10 years by the Oneida Community
Company, Ltd.
Guaranteed Hot Water Bottle
The largest selling bottle in the world.
The price everywhere is $2.00 each.
Guaranteed for two years.
Standard Price This Sale
ONE $1.50 f TWO $1.51
On all water bottles and foun
tain syringes on display during
the Sale, you have the privilege
of buying one bottle at the. price
marked, and another bottle for
the One Cent, or, one water bot
tle for the regular price, and a
fountain syringe for One Cent,
or vise-versa.
Tangara Fabric
' A white fabric fin-
i i
ished writing paper.
The envelope is a new
cut and the paper is
regular corr e s p on d
ence size.
Standard Price
ONE BOX
50c
This Sale
TWO BOXES
51c
Violet Dulce Complexion Powder
The name stands for the highest quality,
being one of the famous Violet Dulce Com
plexion requisites.
One of the best qual
ities of this complex
ion powder is that it
does not "show"
when used properly.
Delightfully scented
with the Violet
Dulce odor. Brun
nette, White and
Flesh tints.
This Sale
Two Boxes 51c
Lord Baltimore Linen Writing Paper
A high-grade white, fabric-finished
writing paper. 24 sheets
of paper and 24 envelopes to the
package.
Standard Price This Sale
7 m . L4i
I jPaltimore fJI
I mmen """fl
rwtvri cMr 11 I
One Package
25c
Two Packages
26c
Sjm jj
Rexall Cold Cream
An antiseptic and healing cold
cream, specially recommended for
chapping and roughness of the skin
caused by exposure to sun and wind.
Standard Price
ONE JAR
25c
This Sale
TWO JARS
26c
Cascade Pound Paper
Exceptionally good quality, white, linen finish stok.
Standard Price This Sale
One
Pound
35c
Two
Pounds
36c
CASCADE LINEN ENVELOPES
Made to match Cascade Linen Pound Paper.
Standard Price ' ' ' This Salt
Two
Packages
25c
Four
Packages
26c
Symond's Inn Cocoa
Made from the pure cocoa beans. Un-
excelled in quality, without any adultera-
lions.
5i 5
7 One
Can
Standard Price
25c
1 wo
Cans
This Sale
26c
Good Stationery
TT
Toilet Articles
n
iooiiseiiioM ffiemeaie
HELP THE RED CROSS
BUY
W0
Cj3
Ew'o
Rexall Remedies are in every case sold with the personal guarantee of the Rexall druggist making the
sale to return your money without quibble or question should it not prove entirely satisfactory. This money
back guarantee is also printed on every package of Rexall Remedies. You don't, have to sign anything, just
return the package to the druggist from whom you purchased the remedy. Can anything be more fair? Surely
you cannot doubt that Rexall Remedies are honest medicines in face of that honest guarantee.
J. M
ALL
The OKoJLlL Store
Riker's Violet Witch Hazel
Riker's Violet Witch Hazel is
distilled from the finest Witch
Hazel twigs, and is delightfully
perfumed.
This is one of the best num
bers in the famous Riker Line of
Toilet Requisites.
Standard Price This Sale
One
Bottle
50c
Two
Bottles
51c
Rexall Toilet Soap
Unexcelled in qual
ity for 10c. Lathers
freely in any water.
One trial will con
vince you there is
nothing better for
the price.
Standard Price
ONE CAKE
15c
rr
V.
KV
US
This Sale
TWO CAKES
16c
Harmony Shampoo
A highly concentrated cleansing sham
poo. A few drops makes a delightful thick
foam which cleans the hair and scalp thor
oughly. Leaves the hair soft and glossy and
free from stickiness. Daintily perfumed.
Standard Price
One Bottle
50c
This Sale
Two Bottles
51c
Harmony Toilet Water
It has a delicate and flowery fragrance
that will always hold its popularity. The
perfumer has skilfully caught and held the
odor of the Rose, Violet or Lilac.
Standard Price
One Bottle
$1.00
This Sale
Two Bottles
$1.10
Bouquet Jeanice Talcum
Is one of extreme fineness
fragrance. It brings to you
odors of the tuberose, the vio
et, the heliotrope, the geran
ium, the jasmine and other
choice flowers, all of which
are delightfully blended in
Bouquet Jeanice TalcOm Powder.
and delicate
the combined
mm
Telephone 307
ISBEE, ARIZ
Standard Price
One Can
50c
This Sale
Two Cans
51c
Standard Price
ft One Box 50c
SUGGESTION: CLUB WITH YOUR NEIGHBOR THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MAY 12, 1918.
FIVE
Advertisements
Advertisements
Male Help Wanted
WANTFD Two men to work
ranch. Miners' Meat Market.
on
420
WRITE TO "T. M. C. A. Schools, Los
Angeles," about Auto, Radio, Coin-
1 morcial and Engineering courses.
Trala for service. 288
LEARN actual auto repairing.
book -
Keeping, snorxnanu, rau:u eutmew
lug. Yonng Men's Christian Asso -
elation, Los Angeles. Catalog free,
230
. i . j, : - I
Female Help Wanted
WANTED Without children, middle
aged American woman, to do house
i.,.rk. One who is not afraid of
. Good home for the right
i . .. Naco Grocery. 455
WANTED sGIrl for general house
work. E. Marks, Tank Hill. 344
WANTED Waitress, Waldorf
room, phone 390.
dining
453
WANTED A good cook. Call Mrs. H.
M. Jacobs, on Mason Hill. 395
For Sale
FOR SALE Uncalled tor suite
Levin Tailoring Co., Lowell.
M
904j
RULED INDEX CARDS 5x3 Inches,
for sale at Review Jo: Department,
315
FOR SALE 20 Acres for chickens;
close to McNeal; shallow water; pay
$20.00 down and $20.00 per month.
E. P. Grindell, McNeal, at Lowell on
Saturdays. 240
FOR SALE Furniture of ten rooms;
good for boarders or light house
keeping. Close to car stop, 17 Ohara
Ave, H'gg stop. 427
FOR SALE One 3-rooni house, furn -
ished, Bailoy Hill. A good buy. C.
H. Hogan, below Copper Queen Ho-
tel. 426
FOR SALE Metz Touring car;
in
good condition, $250. Inquire Rock
uouse, ouum )uiucc. nvi
FOR SALE 5-room furnished house.
Inquiia B, Review. 469
FOR SALE A 5-room modern house,
in Warren, Blod stop, $1000 will
handle it; would considerFord .car j
ia good condition, address box 03 j
or phone green 712. 472
FOR SALE Phonograph; been used
one month; splendid condition;
reasonable. Apply X, Review. tt
FOR SALE One 12-room apartmant
house on Opera Drive. A good buy
for an experienced party. C. H. Ho-
gan, below Copper Queen Hotel.
474!
FOR SALE South Bisbee Pool Hall;
two pool tables; one ice chest; one
cigar case; cam be bought for $200,
Gorgc Moore, proprietor. 409
FOR SALE Well established room
ing ana .boarding house; rooms all
full; furniture and business, good
cow ana 36 laying h-3ns; a money
maker; rent $25.00; will sell at a
bprgaiu; party leaving town. Apply
to M. C. High. 457
FOR SALE Ford roadster; run less
than five hundred lnih-s. iiiqii.M: of
Tnnv TvIinpr Tail.-- f-rttv..,'
:
FOR SALE Seven passenger Stuae-J
bake iu good condition; cheap for
cash; Brook's, back of Krueer flats.
Warren Call after 4:30.
i:
22 I-
FOR SALE Large 4-room house, with '
large glass porch, cement walki
around house, 41 O. K. street. 424
FOR SALE 4-room, modern house in!
Warren; furnished or unfurnished; t
a bargain.
For terms, phone green
745.
448
FOR SALE Vista street, Warren, a !
modern seven room house. Ixit 55
feet by 160 feet, faces on the vista;
one of the best locations in Warren; j
the house is new; to appreciate lo-
w . nrl, 1 .. . I. 1.1 . .. I I
UllUU d 11 u uuudc, JTKJU DUUU1U IdlkG a
look at house; also a modern house
of four rooms on Black Knob View
street, price actual cost of improve
ments and lot, part cash, balance
on monthly payments. Phone 465 or
see Jesse Yoakum. Those houses
are new and modern and very few,
if an such locations, left in War
ren. 496
FOR SALE
view. -Jersey milch cow, R, Rc-5'J2
PETEY DINK No Wondre People Go Bugs Over the Game
COM
Boy, Loa.
Thats A
v
V$i,smm: -
REVIEW WANT ADS
under this l5ead at the rate of 1 cent per word each Issue, with a minimum charge of 25 cents
must reach The Review office not later than 8 p. m. for Insertion in next morning-s paper.
For Sale
FOR SALE 6-room house, lot 70x100;
completely furnished, near Camp
bell St , Warren, $3150.
j 4 Room house, sleeping porch, garage,
furnished, J2300, Warren.
j
' " R;iUov mil i?nn- fmn
! dou ii halanra 125 month. 8 Der cent.
j
j V. ALTER O'M ALLEY
j pnoue 862.
I
4S4
FOR SALE Rifle, with ammounition.
Inquire Mrs. E. H. Schmidt, Williams
stop. Tombstone canyon. 495
FOR SALE Ranch, well improved,
also relinquishment, R, Review.
502
FOR SALE 4-cylinder Buick motor;
first class condition; cheap; R, Re
view. 502
Furnished Rooms
FOR RENT Bisbee Hotel, Furnished
rooms with running water. . 352
FOR RENT Two furnished
120 Upper Lowell.
rooms,
403
FOR RENT Nice sunny, furnished
room, with bath, outside entrance,
one or two persons. 22 Oak street,
or phone 614. 492
FOR RENT First class bedroom,
with bathroom, suitable for gentle
man. McDougall, opposite Lincoln
school, phone green 728.. 468
FOR RENT Furnished .room; large
closet; single or double; cement
block house. Phone black 798. 432
FOR RENT Three furnished
Dan Garrity, June Hill.
rooms.
463
FOR RENT Two furnished rooms,
120 Upper Lowell. 403
'FOR RKNT Furnished single and
j . double rooms," 86-B, Brewrey Gulch.
415
' MnnSE HflTCI, Furnished
rooms
377
$2.00 per week and up.
Two furnished light
housekeeping rooms 163 Opera Drive
SS8
For Rent
FOR RENT Rooms; Hotel Letson,
Main St., under new management.
Thoroughly renovated, clear airy
rooms, running water,
rates. . v
reasonable
423
FOR RENT Fuinished rooms for
light housekeeping; suitable for
bachelors. 56 Upper Lowell across
frora'-ixwell Depot. 447
ifQR RENT
-5-rooms, 83
Upper Low
470 elL
FOR RCNT Garage, water and lights,
$15.00 per month. Dr. Playfair, 98
Mason Hill, phone blue 674. 471
FOR
KENT 3-room furnished house
:5ch(jl Hill. 473
FOR RKNT Furnished room; for
batchiiig; in good condition. 59
Naco Koad, 150 yards from Bisbee
depot 443
FOR RENT 3-room furnished apart
ment, Treu House, Bakerville. Phone
57. v i 505
IFOR RENT New 3-room house; will
be ready for occupancy May 21st.
Electric lights. Mrs. C. T. Win wood,
: Winwood Addition. ' 485
FOR RENT Cabin, with snvn porch.
suitable for batching. Enquire 45
High Road.
4S7
FOR RENT-
Nice little store room.
with two rooms in buck.
for business next to Brop
Good place
by Garage.
483
FOR RENT Two story building, with
larje , basement, suitable for whole
sale house or storage and warehouse
business. In center of Bisbee busi
ness district. Rent reasonable. Ap
ply bisbee Daily Review. 542
FOR RENT Two light housekeeping
rooms; Alaska Rooms, next to Coun
ty JaiL 245
FOR RENT Two large unfurnished
rooms; suitable for housekeeping;
lights and- water; cheap rent. Mas
cott. Upper Brewrey Gulch, after
6:30 evenings. 408
FOR R EN T u-room, well furnished
j house. 26 Johnson avenue, Johnson
! Addition. 494
D
Al
-I4cw
Peacm
StE
OVE.
Twe.
fCT
GET
Hole
For Rent
FOR KENT Furnished
High Koad.
hotisa,
207
421
FOR RENT Furnished apartments
for housekeeping, 18a Temby Ave
nue, block north of High School.
483
FOR RENT 5-rooin house.
James H. Warne, Cochise.
Apply
413
FOR RENT 4-room house, partly
furnished, South Bisboa, apply Stan
ley Ruse, phone 674. 465
FOR RENT Two splendid office
rooms, corner Brewrey Gulch and
Howell Avenue, $35.00 per month.
C. H. Hogan, below Copper Queen
Hotel. 466
FOR RENT One small room; house
Stt-C O. K. St. 462
FOR RENT One unfurnished, 5-room
residence on tank hill. C. H. Hogan,
below Copper Queen Hotel. , 474
FOR RENT 3-room furnished house,
No. S Johnston Ave., Johnston Ad
dition. Phone green 696. 481
FOR RENT Completely furnished
apartment to responsible party for
siunhrcr. Cool, convenient, large
rooms and sleeping porch; close in;
inquire Hinkle Apts., near High
school. 493
FOR KENT 3-roohi unfurnished
house, William Sliney, Locklin Ave.
501
FOR RENT Two nice large house
keeping rooms, 16 Tate Hill, John
son Add. Call red 522. 503
FOR RENT Large sheet iron ware
house at Lowell, belonging to the
Bistree Fuel and Feed Co. C. H.
Hogan, below Copper Queen Hotel.
474
FOR RENT Two housekeeping rooms
49 O K. street. 749
tun itfci.N 1 Two good rooms; com
plete for housekeeping, cement
house, 30 Johnson Ave., Johnson Au
dition. 490
FOR RENT Housekeeping rooms;
modern; yellow house, back Baker
ville Hotel. 491
Wanted
WANTED Miners with personal ac
quaintance throughout Warren Dis
trict; can more than double present
earnings, without interference with
regular work. Answer with address
to box 2331. 156
JfroJssionalarcis
MADAME J. REA KEYS, St. Regis ho
tel, Lowell. Ariz. Phone 62. Clair
voyant and crystal reader. Dead
trance spirit medium born with a
double veil, without asking questions
gives you dates, facts and figures
aud will read jour entire life. 720
Money to Loan
$50,000 TO LOAN an improved city
property or for building, oa easy
terms of payment. T. A. Hughes,
over Bank of Bisbee.
26
SMALL quick loans on your personal
note to salaried men and women, al
so on iurniture. Cox Loan Co. Room
2, Lyric Theatre building. 166
Miscellaneous
PRACTICAL NURSING; reasonable
rates. Phone green 822. 486
AMERICA AND TnE GREAT WAR
for humanity and fi'sedom. Just the
information every American wants.
Profusely illustrated; low price; big
profit, $225.00 guaranteed. Sample
free; International Press, Philadel
phia. 497
YOUR STORIES and ideas wanted,
any form; no school; our service
giv:?s copyright protectcion. Consol
idated Scenairo Co., (Inc.) 618 Liss
ner Bldg., Los Angeles, Cal. 498
FOR SALE Old papers 25 cents pr
bundle. Review office.
Sal;
:smen
WANTED Men and women SALES
MANAGERS, for gi sat Fuel Con
servation device; cuts fuel bills in
half; helps your government; big
monoy n.aker. Simplex Mfg. Co.,
Seaboard Bank Bldg., Seattle, Wash.
499
im Bfr&iuwiws o
vmv People; so T?ui
THIS 6AW1E- "Tv-tATTS
T(rsT crack. TMaT's
'Rte.HT I OLXiKTeP-
a Four, oti Tf-ii
ater.
LOST Three keys; two postoffice
keys and one office key. Finder
please leave at Review oil ice. 521
LOST Small diamond. Phelps Dods?e
store Lowell or on street. Suitable
reward. Phone 49. 520
EIGHT SOLDIERS KILLED
(By Review Leaaet Wire)
COLUMBIA, S. C, May 11. Eight
soldiers were killed' and twenty-six
injured today when a wooden rail
(coach filled with members of the
321st infantry went over a trestle at
Camp Jackson. All of the men were
from southern states.
Three of the Injured were seriously
hurt. The soldiers had just entrained
for Camp Sevtter at Granville, N.
C, and the train was pulling out from
Camp at a slow rate. As it reached
the trestle the rails spread beneath
a steel coach in the rear and the
wooden car ahead was shoved off into
the ravine below.
Legal Notices
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR
U S.LAND OFFICE, AT PHOENIX.
ARIZONA. APRIL 13, 1918.
Nofce Js nereDy given mat Aincrt
B. Oldham, of Bisbee, Arizona, who on
April 9, 1915, made Homestead Entry
No. 027120, for SEVi. Sec. 13, ENE'A,
NE4SE. Section 24, Township 22-S,
Range 25-E, G & S R B & Meridian,
has filed notice, of intention to make
threo year proof, to establish claim
to the land above described, before
Tarit-l Tl Tovlnr IT S PnTnmiRlnTlr
at BisBee, Arizona, on the 22nd day of
aiay. 1310. i
Claimant names as witnesses: Wil- NOTICE OF THE APPLICATION OF
Ham H. Witherell, Andrew M. Maxam.lTHfc BISBEE-WARREN COPPER
Henry Ash. James E. Kenney. all of I COMPANY FOR A UNITED STATES
Bisbee, Arizona.
JOHNL.IRVIN,
Register.
First publication, April 20, 1918;last
publication May 22r 1918.
NOTICE
OF APPLSCATION
U. S. PATENT
FOR
Mineral Survey No. 3387
Serial No. 038239
United States Land Office, Phoonix,
Arizona, March 1. 1918
Notice Is hereby given: That R. A.
Bretherton and CJ. M. Henkel, whose
postoffice addresses is Bisbee, Cochise
County, Arizona, have made applica
tion for patent for the following named
lode mining claim, situated in the
Warren Mining District, Cochise Coun
ty, Arizona, in Section 13, unaourcved,
T. 23-S. R. 24-E. G. & S. P. B & M.
described as follows, to-wit:
SUCCESS: Beginning at Corner
No. 1. the N. E. corner, whence the
W corner of Section 18, T. 23-S. H. j
25-E. G. & b. R. B. & M. bears N. 83 s 2' 24' W. 600 feet to Cor. No. 3, the ! Cor No. 1, the N. E. Cor., whence the
11' E. 2948.8 feet; thence S 4 34 W. , g K Cor tnence N. gs. 55. w. 1434.20 : V M, Cor. oi S?a IS, T. 23 S., R. 25 F...
326.40 feet to corner No. 2; thence N. , fppl t0 Cor No 4 tne s w cor.,G. u S. K. 13. M. brs. N. 57J 26' E.
87 21' W. 1500 feet to corner No. 3; thirce N. 2- 24' E. 600 feet to Cor. No. ! iii.4 tout, thence S. Z 24' W. 1500
thence W. 4 34 E. 42d 30 feet to r-. h tne place of tne beginning, contain-1 feet to Cor. No. 2, the S. E. Cor.,
ner No. 4; thence S. S3 34 loOO m)? a net area of 20 5T6 acre3- (thence S. 6G' 17' W. 6G8.20 feet to Cor.
feet to corner No. 1. the place of be-j HOLD OVER "Beginning at Cor. No. i, tue S. W. Cor., thence N. V 24'
ginning, containing a net area rt 7 3ol ;No the N w Cor wnence the w. 14 ; K lo0o teec to Cor. No. 4. the N. W.
acres, expressly exclud eg area in con- Cor of StJclion 18 T. 23 S.. K. 25 E., Cor., thenco N. 6' 17' E. 668.20 feet
fllct with Survey No. 3117, Bruce Lodo Q & s r B & M brg N n. 55. w lo tor N( tIl place oI the begln.
of 3.802 acres, and with Survey No.j035 4 feet thence S. 8Sa 55 E. 1494.20 ! niug. containing a net area of 19.550
3117, Baitlc Lode, of l- S3 acres feftt tQ Cor Ko 2 tne N e. Cor, acres, expressly excluding area in con
The location notice of this Claim J3'th.iioe S. 2 24' W. 600 feet to Cor. filer u-ilh S.irvpv Nn 24X4. William B.
"recorded In the office of the County
Recorder of Cochise County, Arizona,
as follows:
SUCCESS...!.'." Book 49. Records
of Mines, Page 138.
Tho names of the adjoining claims
to this survey are: On the North Sur -
vey No. 2176, Corona lode and Survey
No. 3158, Corona lode; on the East
Survey No. 3158. Rolla lode and Sur-
vey No. 3117 Baltic lode; on the South
Survey No. 8117 Baltic lode and Sur -
vey No. 3117 Bruce lode; on the West
Survey No. 2029 Horse Shoe lodo.
3- L. IRVIN, Register.
'
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR U. !
-S. PATENT
Mineral Survey No. 3388.
LV H. 1-and Office, Phoenix, Ariz.,
March f, 1918.
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that
the Bisbee-Warrcn Copper Company,
a corporation organized and existing
under the laws of the state of Arizona,
with its principal office at the city of
Bisbee, by Its president and secretary,
then unto duty authorized ' by resolu
tion of its' Board of Directors, has
mr.de application for a patent for the
Wildflower lode mining claim, situat
ed in Warren Mining District, Cochise
County, State of Arizona, in Section IS
Tcwnship 23, South. Range 2 East.
G. S. R. B. & M.. Which claim is de
scribed as follows, to-wit:
Beginning at Cor. No. 1, the W. 5i
Cor. of Sec. 18. T. 23 S-. R. 25 E., G. &
S. It B. & M , hrs. N. 88" 15' W. 1051
it
r. 1 7
ft., thence S. 83 55' E. 443.5 feet to!
Cor. No. a, thence N. 2 24' E. 102.3,
feet to Cor. No. 3, thence S. 73 49' E. 1
luOO.O feet to Cor. No. 4, the N. E. Cor, I
thence S. 2 24' W. 6o0 feet to Cor.'
No. 6, the S. E. Cor., thence N. 73s 49' j
W. 1456.5 feet to Cor. No. 6, the S. W. 1
Cor., thence N. 2 24' E. 378.8 feet to
Cor. No. 1, the place of the beginning,
containing net area of 17.839 acres.
The location notice of this claim is
recorded in the County Recorder's of
fice, Cochise County, State of Arizona,
as follows: Book 57 Record of Mines,
at page 431.
The names of the adjoining cairns
am: North Sur. No. 2424, Delta lode.
Sur. No. 2062, Golden Era, No. 1 lode. I
East Sur. No. 2062, Little Era lode, !
American lode, unsurveyed, owned by '
John Fitzpatrick. South, Anvil lode, j
unsurveyed, owned by John Fltzpat-j
rick. West, Golconda lode, Sur. No. :
3390.
J. L. IRVIN, Register. - !
First Publication March 8, 1918. !
Labt Publication May 17, 1918.
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR
U. S. LAND OFFICE AT PHOENIX,
ARIZONA, APRIL 13, 1918.
Notice is hereby given that George
L. Dunn, of Stark, Arizona who, on
April 17, 1913, made Homestead En
try, No. 022187. for WNEtf . WV4SE
V4, Sec. 35. and on February 17. 1915,
made additional Homestead Entry, No.
026765 for SE'iNWU, ESV!4. SW14
SVi4, Section 35, Township 23-8, j
Range 22-E, G & S R B & Meridian,;
'nas lea nouce ot luieuuuu io ,
jthrc0 ear Proof, to establish claim ;
l" ' " " , Vr c .
Jared D. Taylor, U. S. Commissioner,
at Bisbee, Arizona, on the 23rd day
of May, 1918. I
Claimant names as witnesses: Joel j
H. Alien, Cornelius N. Driscoll, Charles
A. Martin, all 3 of Hereford, Arizona.
inwM r. irvivf
Register.
First Publication, April 20, 191S; last
j publication May 23, 1918
Mineral Survey No. 3390
PATENT
U. S. Land Office, Pnoenix, March ,'
1913.
Notice is hereby given that the Bis
bee-Warren Copper Company, a cor-
poi'ation organized and existing under ,
the laws of the State of Arizona, with !
its principal office at the city oi Bis- i
be-:, by Us president and secretary, I
thereunto duly authorized by resolu
tion of its board of directors, has made '
application for patent for the follow-1
inir nnmd lode mininz claims, bearine !
!copper goid and 8uVer, situated in the .
j yvarren Mining District of Cochise !
County, State of Arizona, approxl- j
mutely in Section is, Township 23
South, Range 25 E., and Section 13, ;
Township 23 South, Range 24 Eait
(unapproved) described as follows; i
GOLCONDA "Beginning at Cor. No.
1. the N. W. Cor., whence the W. ,U
! Cor. of Sec. 18, T. 23 S-, R. 24 E., G. &
iS K U & M.. hra. N. 81 S5' W: 157.9 ;
,, , ,-, v fl v ihj toct
tn Anr No 9 ha N K. c:or. tht-nce I
iNo 3 the o E- Cor., thence S.i' 55'
w 14940 feet to Cor. No. 4, the S. W. Survey No. 3137 Jaeit Pot No. 2 lode
j cor., thence N. 2 2' E. 600 feet to of 0.958 acres."
iCor No. 1, the place of the beginning! The location notices of these claims
1 containing a net area of 20.576 acres." (are recorded in the County Recorder's
t HORSE SHOE "Beginning at Cor. 'Office, Cochise County, as follows:
N. i, the S. W. Cor., whence the Cor. Golconda Book 57, Record of Mines
for the S. W. Cor. of Sec. 18 aud the Page 1U5.
j n. W. Cor. of Sec. 19 T. 23 S., R. 35 E., ', Hold Over Book 38, Record of
G. & S. R. B. & M. brs., S. 8 25' W. j Mines, Page 463.
833.2 feet, thence N. 2" 24' E., 60t feet, Horse Shoe Book 30, Record of
1 to Cor. No. 2, the N. W. Cor., thence iMiues, Page SCO.
s 8S 55' E. 1494.20 feet to Cor. No. 3, Apex Book -57, Record of Mines,
i the N. E. Cor., thence S. 2 24' W. ;page 481.
1 494.50 feet to Cor. No. 4, the S. E. Cor., Sunshine Book 30, Record of Mines
thence S. 87 03' W. 1500.30 feet to Page 322.
Coi. No. 1, the place of the beginning,
containing a net trea of IS.. 67 acres.
APEX "Beginning at Cor. No. 1. The names of the adjoining ciaims
I the S. W. Cor., whence the Cor. for the ; arc: North Survey No. 3389, Carbon
' S W. Cor., of Sec. 18 and the N. W. !ate. Conner Wedse and Sulphide lodes.
Cor. of Sec. 19, T. 23 S-. Ii. 25 E., G. & I
S. R. B. & M. brs. S. 19" 29' E. 870.9 !
ted, tnence is. 12" zr t. 3S.40 icct
to Cor. No. 2, the N. W. Cor., thence
S. 87' 18' E. 1508.60 feet to Cor. No.
3, the N. E. Cor., thence S. 12 27' W.
400.70 feet to Cor. No. 4, the S. E. Cor., :
thence N. 84 32' W. 1497.90 feet to
Ccr. No. 1. the place nf the beginning,
couiainms uei arcs ui d..i BLI e9 '
expressly excluding area in conflict I
witn rtorse tnoe ioae 01 mis survey
cf 6-164 acres and with Suushine lode
of this survey of 0.84 acres.
SUNSHINE "Beginning at Cor. No.
1. the N. E. Cor., whence the W.
( or of Sec. 18 T. 23 S., R. 25 E.. G. &
S. R. B. & M. brs. N. 81 55' W. 157.9
feet, thence S. 24' W. 1500 feet to
OB I ball,-m-: J -j)c? r?r- Y
2 I Her?c. and tors.) f) U f ,
t Sift;' X fek, W
LODGE NOTICES
Cards of every fraternal order in the Warren District; giving the essential
facts of eaci, their meeting nights, tteir officers and the place of gather
ing will be found under their respective headings in these columns.
BISBEE LODGE, NO. 718.
Meets every Friday night, Moose Hall
Visiting brothers cordially Invited.
V. R. TONKIN, Dictator.
KAY ROSS, Secretary.
'LOYAL ORANGE
NSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA.
DREADNAUGHT.
L. O. L- NO. 210.
meets In L O.
O. F. HaU first
and third
MONDAY at
7:30 p. m.
Visiting broth
era cordially
invited to at
tend. Wm.
T. SMITHAN. W. M.
ROBERT FERGUS, Secretary
P. O. Box 426, Bisbee.
BROTHERHOOD OF AMERICAN
YEOfcAN
Richard I, Homestead 895. meets
. . , .. . . ,
second and fourth Tuesday at Odd
Fellows' balL Visiting Archers are
cordially invited.
MRS. C C. FINLAYSON, Foreman
P. C. Box 1526.
E. D. STLNSON, Correspondent
Box 149C.
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD.
Lowell Camp No. 46 will
meet every Wednesday
at 7:30, BropTiy NalL
ii. C. LANDAU. C. C.
O. B. THOMAS, Clerk.
All Woodmen Invited.
PYTHIAN SISTERS
Lily Temple No. 3 meets every 2nd
and 4th Thursday evening of each
month at Odd Fellows Hall. Visiting
sisters are cordially invited.
MINNIE BLUM, M. E. C.
Phpne Black 851.
IDA GLAZE, M. of R. C.
Box 1475
- ,.
Coi. No. 2, the S. E. Cor, thence S.
66- 17' W. 668.20 feet to Cor. No. 3,
the S. V,. Cor., thence N. 2- 24' E.
1500 feet to Cor. No. 4, the N'.. W. Cor.,
thence N. 66- 17' E. 668.20 feet to Cor
Vn 1 the rlaro nf fhp tiPtMnnlnir ran-
t.tn.n. nut ,r. iu.,i
saw wavk-s r.?;nnin'ff at
iMocre lode of 0.15U acres, and with
Nancy Hanks Book 30, Record of
(Mines, Page 331.
Sutvey No. 2425, Delta lode. East.
Survey No. S3S8. Wildflower lode. An
,vil Force and 1
r'orge and Copper Era lodes, unsur-
veed, owned by John Fitzpatrick.
South, Copper Era lode, unsurveyed,
owt.ed by John Fitzpatrick. Survey
No. 2454 Vic Roy and William B.
Moore lodes. West Survey No. 3137,
jatk Pot No. 2 lode. Survey No. 3389
Ca: bonatc lode.
'Ino official survey of said mining
ciaml being Mineral Survey No. 3390.
J. L. IRVIN. Register.
First Publication March 8, 1918.
Lni-t Publication May 17, 1918.
REV1EWWANT ADS BRING
RESULTS.
I
L Sa
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED AMERI
CAN MECHANICS.
Meets in Medigovlc
Hall every Tuesday
night. Visiting brothers
welcome. ,
S. F. BENTON, Councillor.
J. U BENTON, Recording Secretarr
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS.
Rathbone Lodge No. 10,
Knights of Pythias,
meets each Thursdaf
(except second) in Odd
Fellows' Hall at 7:3
p. m. Visiting brother
cordially invited.
LEON H. RICE, C. C.
EARL SOBLEY. K. of R. 8
FRATERNAL ORDER OF EAGLES.
Bisbee Aerie, No. 175. F. O. E meet
tirst and "third TUESDAYS. 8 p. uv
Eagles HaU. Visitors cordially wel
come. 3. F. W1LMOTH, President
F. C FENDERSON, Secretary.
C. U EDMONDSON. Aerie Physiciaa.
LODGE NO. 671.
Regular meeting first and third Fri
day of each month. Visiting brothers
cordially invited to attend. Box 1322.
JAS. A. ALLISON. Exalted Ruler.
R. J. KELLY. Secretary.
KNIGHTS AND LADIES OF SECURI
TY, BISBEE COUNCIL NO. 2115.
Meets every second and fourth Sat
urdays in the month at L O. O. F.
HaU. 7:30 p. in. Visiting members are
cordially invited.
ARNOLD SCHMID, President
P. O. Box 343. Lowell, Aru.
FREDERICK J. ATTAWAY,
Secretary, LoweiL
E. LINDQUIST. Financial Secretary,
P. O. Box 3248, LoweiL
BISBEE LODGE. NO. 10, I. O. O. F
meets every
evening at Odd
Fellows' HaU.
Main street at 7:30 o'clock. Visitirs
brothers cordially Invited to at lead.
Hall phone 119.
H. R. TAYLOR. N. G.
CARL V. NELSON. Secretary.
ORDER OF EASTERN STAR.
meets In Masonic Hal'.
Pearl Chapter, No. . meeu
In Masonic HaU second and
fourth Tuesday of ec
month at 7:20- p. m.
MRS. EMMA WOODS. W. M.
Phone-161. Box 43. Bisbee.
MRS. JESSIE BEVAN. Sec'y. P. O.
Box 2299. Chairman Relief Com,
Phone 161.
WESKENDING, MAY 11, 1918
Monc sy 2nd Degree.
Tuesday
Wednesday 3rd. Degree.
Thursday Commandery.
Friday 3rd Degree.
Saturday
'.V. W. GIDLEY. W. M.
B. T. W ATKINS. Secy. F. &. A. M.
J. W. TOLAND. E. H. P.
C. F. PHILBROOK, T. L M.
F. E. BENNETT. E. C.
F. S. DAVENPORT, Secretary Chap
ter and Commandery.
W. R. BANKS, Secretary CounciL
T. F. B.
FRATERNAL
BROTHERHOOD
3 Ui AitH '-a f 452 meets the 1st
and 3rd Mondays
each month at
at Medigo
HalL Visit
vich
ing members cordially invited.
B. F. MOSS. President
MRS. C. E. FINOTTL Treasurer.
Box 722. Tel. 23 S, Red.
HONORA MUNCH. Secretary.
Box 1621.
MOuERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA.
Bisbee Camp No. 13415.
Meets first Tuesday at
Old Fellows' HalL
R. L. MOTZ. ConsuL
11. F. MATH EWSON,
Clerk.
Ey C A. VCXGHT
r 1 ft .?
V THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MAY 12, 1918.
SIX
Powell Dies From
Injury Sustained
In Ash Peak Mine
GLOBE, Ariz.. May 11. Gcorio
Powell, well known labor leader, dieii
at Clifton today from in.iuries sus
tained in an accident at the Ash Peak
mine at Duncan. He wes a candidate
for office of president of the Interna
tional Mine and Smelter Men's union
against Charles Mover, present holder
nf that office.
He was recently elected to reprs
sent miners of Globe and Miami at
n ware conference to ho held fit Wash
ington cn the 22nd of this month. He!
was expected to leave for the capital
today. Thp deceased is survived by
r widow and one cliild. The funenl
will be held at Clifton tomorrow.
HUNDREDS CHEER
FRENCH OFFICER
OF WAR MISSION
(ContinuM from rngp One)
that this nation's army when it Is
completed, will be one of the greatest
ia the world, if not the greatest.
CoPper Will Win War
'7 come to you with a message from
President Wilson," declared Mr.
Chandler in opening his address. "I
bring you a message directly from
the national defense ccuncil, of which
Samuel Gompcrs. president of the
(American federation, is a member.
That message is that copper will win
this war."
Creat cheers greeted the speakers
declaration.
"The copper which you mine here."
he continued, "will be smelted in
Douglas, will be placed aboard cars
directed to the east, will cross the
mountains to the valleys, the Missis
sippi river, the Ohio, the Allerheneys,
and finally come to the valleys of
Connecticut, my home state, where t'1
per cent of the munitions made in the
Tnited States are manufactured. T!iere
it is cast into shells and schrannel.
shipped across the ocean, and hurled
into the Hun hordes."
Mr. Chandler snoke of the central
conditions in Germany js compared
with conditions in tht lTnited State.
He compared lpbor. child labor, female
labor, the rights of mei and women,
the noliticnl and home l'fe. the power
of the individual, the housing ccndl
tions of Cern:anv with those of the
Tutted States. In each instance he
showed conclusively that conditions in
this country re far more de?irab!a.
Best Country On Farh
"Working men of America," he de
clared. "Remember this. Remember
that here under the s"tars and stripes
you live in t?Te greatest nation on
earth with better conditions prevailing
than in any other country on the
globe.'
In the onenincr address of the eve
ning Dr. Oi'v Pntnn Ford, represen
tative of the committee on public
information, tr-ok up the nrlnciples- of
the war and of the nations at war..
He recited instances of 1:ow. for th
past 50 vears. Gernnv has educated
the youth of the country for iust '.his
war: how in eeegranhy, in history end
In other lessons, the ambition of the
kaiser an dthe Hohenzollerns to rule
the world had been drilled into t
minds pnd hearts of the German child.
Dwieht B. Hearo. of hoeni. presi
dent of the state council of defense,
introduced the sneakers, while T. N.
Haines, of To'rbstone. acted s chair,
nan of the roectipe. petite the chi'Iv
weather several hundrn.1 Pishee dis
trict residents st"od throuchnut the
addresses, cheerine freonentlv and
voeiferouolv. The audience wa3 the
most enthusiastic which hrs ever
turned out for war addresses.
TREASON OF !. W. W.
DURING WAR SHOWN
IN CHICAGO TRIAL
(Continued from Pape One
them up, nor jails enough to hold
them."
As late as September 1, just before.
w TH
EACH
A valuable and useful Aluminum Double Boiler valued at $2.25. This applies to
new or old subscribers. You get THIS PREMIUM AND A WHOLE YEAR'S
SUBSCRIPTION for only $7.50.
he government's nation wide raid, up and fired, smashing the German's
the membership was informed through engine with his first shot.
Solidarity that "the future now lr : The German plane fell at nn at!le
longs to Intior, and -o power on earth of 45 degrees. Campbell followed, !ir
can make it otherwise." , ing all the time and succeeding in
"The sky is bright with the Red(seitign fire to the plane.
Morning of Freedom. Time will prove -
that mora history was made in Bisbee
Arizona, and Butte, Montana, than in
dll tire shell-swept hills of France.
MOTHER'S DAY
HOMAGE ASKED
BY PRESIDENT
(Continued from rase One
r.n dto purpose only those righteous before the barrier of the Flanders hills
acts and judgments whic h are in con- just as the month of May was or
formity with Hi-, will; beseeching Him ing.
that He will give victory to our armies ; Ever since the costly defeat of Gen
as thev fiEht for freedom, wisdom to eral von Arnim's army in a desperate
those who take our counsel on our assault on the front houthwest of
behalf in these days of dark strui;le Ypres nearly two weeks ago, the be
and perplexity, and steadfastness to ginning of a imw effort by the enemy
our people to make sacrifices to the either here or on some other front
utmost support of what is just and has been looked for from day to day.
true, bringing us nt last the peace in Possibly the Germans have been wait
which men's hearts can be at re -it ing for some allied counter blow,
because it is' founded upon mercy, which they felt abln withstand, and
justice and good will. ! therefore, hoped would be dealt.
In witness whereof, 1 have hereunto, B0th. Armies Busy
set my hand and caused the seal of( if thiB was the case, they must have
the Vniied States to be affixed. been disappointed by the waiting at-
"Done in the District of Columbia titude of Gen-sral Foch. which is felt
this eleventh day of May in the year now .jj, compe the enemy to reveal
cf our Lord, nineteen hundred end bis further purpose with little delay,
eighteen and of the independence of ag time ,g one of the tt,inRg ne can
the United States the one hundred and ot afford t0 squander, with the Amer-forty-second.
ican forces now rapidly assuming
"WOODROW WILSOX. formlu-aulc numbers.
.rmVvlivr If- 83 considered certain, the Ger
ROBLRT LA.NbiNtr, mans have emploved such time as they
-Secretary of State. haye feJt impelled t0 spend ln build.
"frfisich observe day finp up tno niachinery for a n"w at"
7,., . w.r.T.Vv- .nv ixi tack on an even greater scale than
FpTvcf Mw h fflS The Associated r- 13 8Ure that the alli0(1
FRANCE. Mav 11 fny The Associate unified command
Press). The French are preparing to neeleoted to enrnlov the in-
join the Americans in the observance f, . PI,f,inn
of Memorial Day. American grave terva. ,in , making every preparation
Mattered hero and there behind the slbIe to meet th? German b
firttin-r front, with their simple wood- Pv evidence of the alert-
en crosses, will be decorated by the "ess of the allied forces Numerous
comrades in arm's of the fallen. minor operations have been under-
It will have a new siimificance on taken to improve their positions on
this side of the ocean as it will he the various fronts and their artillery
the first time that American Memorial fire has been directed to equally good
T.av will be observed In a foreign purpose in breaking up the organizing
jnnd . efforts of the enemy.
' I Entente Airmen Victorious
Airplane raids without number, in
A flrJ1 1 1 ft V Wch the superiority of the entente
jL y J. J. f JL X JLJLJkJ air foroes has been ctearly shown.
OF FLIERS
(Continued from Page One)
brought down his .23d and 34th Ger-
trap machines and damaged another.
which undoubtedly will be p aeed o
his credit. On Sunday he knocked out
two other enemy airplanes, wnictn
have not vet been officially recorded.
three Tears of air Mig has beeS !? southerly side of the grt Mont
Bv.n.Mn time, nd h d"" salient. French troops likewise
wounded seventeen times and has
served on 52 bombing expeditions.
French aviation has suffered a
great loss in the death, within a few
days, cf three aces who among tHcm French Raids Success
has accounted for more than 45 Ger- As a complement to both the opera
mans, Lieut. Chaput, with sixteen Ger- tions there were numerous raids, not
mans to his credit was killed Tues- ouly on by the French in the region
day. while Sub-lieutenant Demeuldre, north 0r Grievsnes, southwest of
with thirteen victories, was killed in Amiens, near the point where General
thf reeion of the Somme Wednesday. petajn-s troops made a notable ad
Capt. Heiffre met death while direct-1 vance as the result of a local attack
ine an infantry attack from a very Thursday, and another along the lint
low altitude. He was struck by a j soutnea,t of Montdidier. The British
i-naeniinegun bullet fired rrom the carried out promabIe raiding opera-
grc.unc. ( jons near the westerly end of the Lys
. . ' salient in Flanders,
o . So . r, ' Indications are multiplying that Ger-
SAN FRANCISCO Mav 11. Doug-. many's position in tho east is causing
las Campbell, ,,on of DrW . Camp- her uneasine88 She is rep0rted to
bell, director oi the Lick Observatory ;.h made addilIonal (lemand!I on Rus.
Mount Hamilton and a member of j fc h ,
nln' Pd, ' TrJrfLS. sensbly sentiment of the Bolshy
France, brought down his first German i ,,,, . ., . m
. . , . j . viki, whose attempts to weld an army
airplane six months to the day after,. .. .
. , , ... i-i into shape the Germans are attempt
he bean training for the aviation!. . th t
corns at Massachusetts institute of ; lng lo .l.n w ..
technology, according to a letter re-L Ukrainians Would Revolt
ceived from him today by his mother, j In the Ukraine the situation is evrn
Campbell was taken unawares by;nre disturbing to the eGrmans. ae-
the first plane he brought down, and : cording to dispatches, which announce
the German aviator began raking his a grow'.nj? anti-German sentiment be-
plane with jnachlne gun fire. The , cause of the repressive nveasures of
enemy plane was a two-seater, which , the Teutons. To meet this, additional
carried a gun that could be pointed : German troops are being sent to the
in all directions except straight down-: disturbed region, the western front
ward. Campbell dived beneath his even being drawn upon for cavalry,
opponent, turned his machine straight : dispatches from Dutch sources an-
PAID
ihe
AESO!
War Summary
(By Review Leased Wirel
Another week has passed without a
renewal by tfr3 Germans of the offens
ive they began March 21. which wa3
halted before Amiens early in April,
and came to a pause on its right flank
have served the same end. besides be
ing notably productive of valuable in
formation while infantry raids have
been almost uniformly fruitful in an
informative sense. Betterments of the
allied position reported yesterday in
cluded an advance by the French on
r,,j f,t , fh. yunr.
hood f where th approacnc,
f buiwarks
thfi Depn
. .,.'
Far to the south of the Somme. on
carved a slice out of German-held ter
ritory, near Orvilles-Soel, seven mils
southeast of Montdidier.
N ADVANCE SUBSC
Bisbee
noiiiici. These report Bavarian horse
men arriving at '.iege. Belgium, on '
their way to the Ukr.-nne. ;
i Troops of i be new national nnny of i
the I'nited Slates paraded through !
Ixindon Saturday, three battalions ofj
'them, to the plaudits of large crowds
land the compliments of King George,
I Premier Lloyd George and other notables.
Additionally Briefs
TO OCCUPY PULPIT
G rover ('. Linn, a newspaper man,
will speak at the Christian church
this morning and evening.
GUILD TO MEET
St. John, Guild of fhe Kpiscopal
church will inert with Mrs. John Treu
at her home in Warren on Wednes
day afternoon. May l-r.
VISITING
Mrs. Theo. Olson arrived this morn
ing on the Golden State Limited from
Los Angeles to visit her son-in-law and
daughter, Mr. and Mrs. K. W. Suridin.
IS RETURNING.
Mrs. W. M. Morton will leave tomor
row for her home in Chicago, after
spending the uast week here as tne
tuest of Fire Chief Harney Norton and
his wife.
GIVEN SUSPENDED SENTENCE.
Sam Tsssi was yesterday given a
six month's suspended sentence by
Judge Thomas. He was arrested on
a charge of having slapped his wife.
FROST FUNERAL TODAY.
The brother of F. O. Frost, killed
Tuesday on Sacramento hill, arrived
in Hlsbee last night. The funeral will
be held from the I-a More hotel this
afternoon at 1:30.
FROM DOUGLAS.
Albert Sams, the Douglas lawyer,
was in the city yesterday on a short
visit while on his way to Tombstone
where he had - business before the
superior court.
FROM CANANEA.
Georee II. Skinner and T. Collins
were in the city last evening and will
remain over today from their home in
Cananea. They report the camp as
being quite lively at the present time.
CN VACATION
Mr. A. F. De Barra and mother,
Mrs. Mary F. De Dorra. left for the
coast Saturday night. Mr. De Borra
will only be done three weeks, while
his mother ha3 gone to spend the
summer.
BABY CIRL
Mr. and Mrs. A. R. Miller of Opera
drive are receiving congratulations
upon the arrival of an eight pound
daughter. Mrs. Miller is at the Ma
ternity hospital and mother and baby
are doing nicely. Mr. Miller is pro
prietor of a gents' furnishing store on
Main street.
IS IN HOSPITAL.
The many friends o? Ike Scarce, the
pioneer resident of Ramsey canyon in
the Huachuca mountains will regret
to learn that he is now' confined in
the hospital at Ft. Huachuca suffering
from a complication of diseases and
that there is not much hope held out
for his recovery. He is over 70 years
of aee and has been a resident of the
Huachucas for over 30 years.
THRIFT STAMPS.
Harry Tritle, director of the thrift
stamp campaign in Arizona, stopped
off here last night on his way to
Phoenix from Omaha, where he at
tended a meeting of thrift stamp di
rectors. Frank A. Vanderlip of New
York, originator of the Idea, attended.
Mr. Tritle reports the middle west do
ing better on thrift stamps than the1
rest of the cquntry. j
RED CROSS DANCE
The following young women of the
Warren district will serve refresh
ments at the Warren park benefit Red, (
Cross dance on the evening of May :
18. Misses: Hazel Judson, Mabel
Pauer, Gertrude Desmond, Helen
Woodburn. Olga Rodemver, Florence
Watkins, Jean Quinn. Ethel Roach,
D
amy
WILL GIVE
UTELY FREE
Ethel Tonar. Winefrd oolev and
Medames J.ihn Sanders, V.. C. (.'ooley, '
I. L Barrier and A. N". McLcnnon. :
MORE FREIGHT TRAFFIC.
Word in railroad circle is that
msterialy increased traffic is to be
fxpwted in tie freight division begin-j
nine with the first of next month.
Presumption is t Iiat this means thai:
the director general has niven notice j
of larger routings over the Southv?it-1
era systems, and probably also that
; the way has been opened for the uc-
,.1.:.... r ... T-o .,,!
.mu ..,.u . ,u ...... ...
supplies in storage plants of im:ies
, 1
a:;d sincllere.
TO REPORT.
ii rt r ihn w-nw
u .. ... .. ... 1.. - - -
ren district will leave here tudav for
Tombstone fo report to the local Ixtnrd
to rer.trainm--ut for Camp McDoelI,
enl:r...nin n-l,A ... .n net ... r,.fr
;.. V '; , . ' i -J;
1 lr U I UTI IIIN'H l " V l' ft HU Willi
eJ!:y the sheviff-; mee" with"-;;."
u . . m i . i .hi
w, be given a specia c.-r and the
ladies of Tomhstono will see that they
,.l.l.l ...!., !,;.,.. . 1,.,
.11 p.vui iiii .'". i iiii.- i-j mil nc-;
and eat while on the way. There have
been T2 called to report.
IN GLOBE HOSPITAL.
Word was received here yesterday
of the serious illness of Mrs. Hosa Mc-,
Kay, who is now in a hospital in Globe.
It is understood here that Mrs. McKay;
was taken to the hospita for an oprra-
iicn. ;,.u mainor can union is sucn jbely. cometist. Madeline Hankin
than an operation could not be per- prFsk,PS ovcr the niano wnile Joli
formed. Mrs. McKay is a member of Brownlie Is the drummer and fea
the legrslature from Cochise county ture n,an Te vio,in, are ,,andlsj
and served throughout the session of bv John H3nkin. spencer Rhattuck.
1917. It is not expected that she will yiavid Marks. P.ichard Whal.-n. John
be able to attend the extra session Brown, Clarence Mallev. Joe Downs,
called for this month. j ohn r.0wr.s. ifnd Miss Charlotte
Campbell. The orchestra has recent-
LOCAL BOY PROMOTED. ; ly purchased a stilendid new set of
Kmmet Kuykendall, pharn-acist, who drums pad will cive a dance Thurs
formerly worked for the Bisbee dritsT dav night at the Knights of Columbia
con:pany, and who enlisted at Doug- ball, the proceeds of which will be
las in the 17tl Cavalry and has bten applied toward nayine for the drums,
a member of company G of that outfit The younsr tieople r.lav very well in
for se.-eral months, has gone to San deed, and if last night's performance
Antor.Jo to enter the officers' training Is any rri'.erien of their abilitv. their
cn ac at that place. Knvkendall was dance should 1-e a very delightful
promoted to ccrnoral and lr.ter made affair.
a rergeanr. ins eooa work ns a
poti-i nmrofssioned officer earned him
file chance to go to the training eatnr
to nrepare fcr a commission in tho
regular avaiy
BIRTHDAY PARTY.
The home of City Tolice Judge
Frank Thomas and wife was the scene
yesterday of a gathering of little folks
called there In honor of the fourth
birthday of their little son. Ilinson.
The little ones enjoyed themselves
with all sorts of games but most of
all enioyed tho refreshments that were
served. Among the little one wb3
attended were: Maurice Miller. Riller
Alhaiser. Charles Alhaiser, Hilly Gil
bert. Marv Roth. Joe Roth. Marearits
Willets. porothv Willets. Valle Cadv,
Harry Jame3 Ray Nord and Vera
Nerd.
REPORTED IMPROVED.
Advices received last evening from
the C. & A. hospital were to the
effect that" the condition of Joseph
I.ippert were much imnroved. He wai
taken to the hospital Fridav afternoon.
Upon his arrival at the hospital it was
JUNCTION BRIGGS
VS. COPPER QUEEN TODAY
4:30 WARREN
Admission 35c, including war tax
DRAMATIC RECITAL
Given by Pupils of Mrs. Maye
Esther Thomason English
at
HIGH SCHOOL GYMNASIUM
Friday Evening, May 17, 1918
h :15 o Clock
ADMISSION
25 CENTS
Proceeds will be donated to
Red Cross.
R PT ON'
!Wco ervl t''.a! his ror.dirim: wa-
serious and tlht it would be ne.'e?s;iry
i r the operation to be perfornej it
onre. which w;is done. It was the in
tention to perform the operating yev
terday but the delay mixht have
caused his death. Ilia maiiv friends
ihrnuzhn"t the county hope for his
I speedy recovery
I MAY BE SENT BACK.
Hani Harris, who is now being held
n the Lranch county jail, will in all
uitiuiiiij ,,. ,,t u.i, hitt
htate
p,.nitpn,iRry Bt n-.renre 0n account of
i v ,
Jus having violateii his parole. He
.. , , . .... . , .
. ... I. U III IIII.S l.l.. j .
i rinie of grand larceny and was "'nt
' ' nicr i). .lit hi i.ii 1 1 1 r.'i..: u l'i;il
f from one to t"n venrs. H. wjs at
,,'.,;,,, i:..', .. . ,
..... ..... -.' a ..i.l'- u . .1 .'".! ..'l-l
was then re!ensocI on parole. Bv h!--
acts of the other ni:;ht in taking an-
-1 v
other's automobile he has violated j.is
. , 1 i.nl-
' r-arole board and it is exneed thar r,n
; ff h ret,itentiarv wi!! be
' , '
."J"" : '
LORETTO ORCHESTRA PLAYS.
1 .ast niuht at the bi wolfviile cele
bration of the B. P. (). K. Paby Von 1
Bazaar one of the most onjovible fei-
I tures of the evening was the music
of the Loretto iit stra. This orches-
ppHs 'at
lacademv an(I , directed bv Xpnlo
Richard Gkre. Onh, D.N D
"raetiee Limid t" Fye and Nrrv
' Disorders.
Phone 166 Office an residenp
first hnnse west of Masonic Temile
Main Street. Bishee. Arizona.
G'asses f ittd bv th latest methods.
JOHN G. WILSON
Contractor
and Builder
ESTIMATES FURNISHED ON
ALL CLASSES OF BUILINGS
SEE ME LAST Phone Green 782
DANCE
LORETTO ORCHESTRA
May 16. at 8:30 P. M.
Knights of Columhus Hall
Adm:ssion 50c
BISBEE TRANSFER.
STORAGE & COAL CO.
Warehouse & Office Opposite Depot
PHONES 640 and 50.
HENNESSY
Undertaking Parlors
PHONE 15. O K ST.
Y. W. C A. CAFETERIA
OPEN TO THE PUBLIC
Prices Reasonable
Breakfast 6:50 to 8:30
Lunch 11:30 to 1:30
Dinner 5:00 to P:30
FOR
eview
i
KIMBALL
PIANOS
Have a better tone, are
better made and give bet
ter satisfaction than other
Piar.os sold in Bisbee.
AND THEY COST LESS
KIMBALL
PIANO COMPANY
Philadelphia Hotel Bldg.,
O. K. St Bisbee
COLLINS &
BRETHERTON
We Specialize In
JEROME
AND
OATMAN
STOCKS
Jack E!dg., Main Street
Phone 23 Box 1129
HER3ERT GRIBBLE PHONE 631
Contractor and Builder
ESTIMATES AND PLANS
FURNISHED
Wm. McDOUGALL
OPPOSITE LINCOLN SCHOOL
PHONE GREEN 728
Hours
W OWWglCTUWHIflHH
I
nAMnWnMMMAnWW
i I BLADDER !
YtAR THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MpRNING, MAY 12, 1918.
SEVEN
isicncic
1
Don't Deflate Your Tires Because of Hot Weather
.y i $- 1 - r1. Hsu l s ?
irylutx v ;ss.-k?. .1ffj-j-
: V" 7h 'V- Goodrich diesis tsfq f .?, 4
( .(!' J II 41
at work in
Laboratory
Cause-
IT' . - i . .!.. s T
Eff ect
"Hot weather always brings up the
question on the part of the niotoriKt,
'how much air shall I let out of my
tiresT The general run of opinion
seems to be that certain amount of
air should be let out of tires to make
up for the increased air pressure
caused by the heat," said W. G. Hul
bard of the Bisbee Auto Company, lo
cal Goodrich tire dealers. "This is
wrong.
"The B F. Goodrich Rubber Com
increased. It would be a rare thing
for air that was pumped into a tire at
40 degrees Fahr. to rise to 110 de
grees Falir. Yet, even in this extreme
instance, the pressure rose but 8.4
pounds, which is not at all dangerous.
"Most tire users would say that the
increase would be at least 20 pounds
in such cases, while the far-fetched
theories of some wild-eyed motorists
would lead one to suspect that the
early school day lessons, all matter is
composed of molecules. Heat Is pro
duced by their rapid motion. The
more rapid the motion the greater the
heat, in a condensed body there are
naturally more molecules to the
square inch and the space in which
they move about is consequently les
sened. It therefore takes a greater
heat or force to set them in rapid mo
tion than it would in a less compress
ed state.
People who have been in the moun
increase was anywhere from 100 to
nanv took ud the Question, conducted 1 500 pounds.
several testa, and made careful analy- i"A more practical test one that is i tains will recall that a coffee pot boils
ais of ' the changes that took place: more within the experiences of the! quicker in the hih altitudes where
when the temperature of the tire was ' average motorist, was then conducted. the air is thinner than at home. This
variated. The result, was quite sur- j Another 34x4 tire was selected and is another manifestation of this law
prising as it exploded the popular j pumped with the standard 70 degrees of physics.
theory held by many motorists that j Fahr. The tire was then driven at aj Frequent observations conducted by
some air should be let out of the tire : rapid pace through hot sand stretches the Goodrich expert demonstrate
when the weather is warm. i to ascertain just how much it would j that the vast majority of motorists
"A 34x4 tire was used for the tests. heat up. The average was found to keep their tires under-inflated. This
be about 110 degrees. Then the tire is really the 'white plague" of the
was taken to the laboratory and heat
ed to thi3 temperature. The air pres
sure at this point was found to be
75.3 pounds. This is a usual condi
tion which results have proven is
practically negligible.
The pressure prescribed by all tire
manufacturers for this size is 70 I
pounds. This was pumped into the
tire at a temperature of 40 degrees ;
Fahr. and then gradually heated un- i
til it rose to 110 degrees Fahr. At;
this point, the reading of the air pres-;
sure indicated 78.4, or an increase of.
Baseball Scores
Jationa
COAST 1XAGUE
W L Prt.
New York 18 3 8.57
Chicago 13 6 .684
Pittsburgh 11 9 .550
Cincinnati 11 12 .478
Philadelphia 8 11 .421
Boston 6 15 .286
St. Louis 6 15 .286
Brooklyn 7 19 . .280
Salt Lake
Vernon
SApramcntft
)Los Angeles .
Oakland
San Francisco
YESTERDAY' GAMES
Pittsburgh, Pa., May 11. It was the
first shutout of the season for New
York when Pittsburgh took the second
game of the series. It was a left
handed pitchers battle between Coop
er and Sallee. Three times the home
team bunched two hits in one inning,
scoring twice out of these three, while
the visitors had the bases filled in the
fourth with two out and again in the
eighth they had men on second and
third with none out when Young lined
to McKerhnie. the latter making a
wonderful catch, stepping on third and
doubling the runner.
R H E
New York 000 000 0000 7 1
Pittsburg 000 100 lOx 2 9 1
Sallee, Demaree and McCarty;
Cooper and Schmidt
BRAVES TRIM CUBS
It H
Boston 012 002 0016 9
Chicago ...010 000 030 4 7
OUier games postponed, bad weath-
AMERICAN LEAGUE
W L Pet
Cleveland 12 0 .571
Boston 13 10 ,565
New York 12 10 .545
Chicago 9 8 .529
Washington .10 9 .526
St. Louis 9 10 .474
Detroit 7 10 .412
Philadelphia 8 12 .400
YESTERDAY'S GAMES
WASHINGTON, May 11. Walter
Johnson had the better of Bagby in a
pitching duel and Washington defeat
ed Cleveland. Johnson scored the only
run on his triple and Shank's single.
R H E
Cleveland ...000 000 0000 5 5
Washington 000 001 OOx 1
Bagby and O'Neill; Johnson
Ainsmith.
4 0
and
pneumatic tire. It loosens the tread
from the fabric, giving it a rouih.
wavy appearance that soon renders
it unfit for use. Even if the hot
weather did make a little difference
jit would be policy to risk.it rather
"The foregoing tests are really than take the chance of having the
8.4 pounds.
"This tei
ascertain just how much the pressure to heat.
.based upon a physics law; L e the tire under-inflated. Of the two evils
This test was conducted chiefly to . more dense a body the longer it takes the latter is by far more universal and
As everyone knows from i destructive.
EXTERMINATOR TAKES
DERBY WHILE ESGQBA
LANDS SECOND PLAGE1
REAL SLAB DUEL
(nv Review Leaned Wire)
PHILADELPHIA. Pa.. May 11
Jamieson's double, an out. and Burn's
single scored the only run of today's
Chicago-Philadelphia game, the Ath
letics winning. Risberg's single was
the cnlv hit Perry allowed. Shellon
bach held the Athletics hitless for four
inn'ngs but after that they hit safely
in every inninz.
Kcpp starred with three great run
ning catches, and Jamieson rohbed
Weaver of a triple by a brilliant catch
in the seventh, just before Risberg's
hit.
R H E
Chicago 000 000 000 0 1 0
Philadelphia .000 000 0001 5 0
Shrllenbach and Schalp; Perry and
tA.a .i ii - 1 1 . rl i.nnfioJaH Vi fi frlTVl V ' Ta ra IT V i f )i ohn hnlrl until thn finish
I tUI n, C3 icn tiau v uin i ui.u bv "i'"0 I t'.v. .-ji oni, ui.iu uiim im. iiiiuu. PCTkin
!a chance. War Clcud went to the post a heavy "
1 Led at Three-Quarters I favorite at odds of J1.45 to $1, and
The start was good. Exterminator ; his showing proved a great disappoint- N OR GALLIA
! getting off in fifth place, which he : "eat. Behind War Cloud Lucky "B, R H b
:..;n ki,i I... .. i - u .u.rinr James i. L-iurK. w'we iomnt ana -"'a i
( i an it m;iu ij a hjui n oi i.ic na . . .
I At the ha
. up to fourt
i half a length and at .the three-quarters I 1 lie gross value or the ra'C was
he was first by a head. At the mile ' $18,475, of which 114.700 went to the
(By Review Levied Wint i,e ha(i dropped back a little and was winner. Of the remainder. $2,500
LOUISVILLE. Ky., May 11. One of ! second bv four lengths. Coming into went to Esrcba. $1,000 to Viva Amer
by a length at the quarter iJiu"ra 'eu loiuua ami '
if the gelding had moved i American Eagle finished in the order Boston 010 000 0002 9 2
nil pla-e which he held by, named. Gallia and Nunamaker; Leonard
and Schang.
l
the greatest crowds that ever w it- J the strcn-'tii lie moved up on Escoba. ica. wh'le War Cloud saved his entry
nessed the Kentucky Derby today saw and in the final drive he moved away 1 and starting fees.
W. S. Kilmer's recent acquisition. Ex-1 finishing with a generous length to I .
terminator, rmaen ny jockey w.irpace. 0
Knapp, win the forty-fourth renewal, Kscoha was second at the start and:
of that classic handily by one length; ran a good race throughout, never:
from K. D. Alexander's Escoba. Eight j dropping further back than third
lengths back came Viva America, w ho j place. The colt made a determined
had set the early pace, .while the, effort in the last furlong but tired
public choice, A. K. Macomber's Var i rapidly in the last sixteenth and was
Cloud, was fourth. ! going back at the wire.
The race was run over a sloppy! War Cloud Disappoints
track and under the circumstances the Viva America got off first and at
time of 2:10 4-5 was good. tiic (U;,rtr was leading by a length
Exterminator's victory came as a j anJ a naf .t the three quarters,
great surprise to most of the specta- however, she had dropped to third
YANKS BEAT TIGERS
It U E
D-jtroit 000 201 0015 9 1
New York 010 000 50x 6 $ 3
UNITED STATES
Royal Cord Tires
HAVE NO EQUAL NO RiVAL NO SUBSTITUTE '
They Have Nothing But Quality
They Are Good Tires
HYDE & STRACK
Johnson Addition
Auto Supplies Vulcanizing
Phone 859 Phone 659
TWENTY PER CENT OFF
We have just received a shipment of standard
"second" tires which we sell at 20 per cent discount
from list prices, as long as they last. These tires are
made oy one of the largest factories in the country and
records of 5,000 to 6,000 miles are common among
users.
Call early tomorrow and let us equip ycur car with
a set of these tires. They will reduce your tire bill in
half.
Lowell Motor
Company
w
. 21
20
19
19
.. 16
.16
L
16
18
10
19
22
22
Pet.
.5681
.526 1
.500 i
.500
.421
.421
YESTERDAY'S GAMES
R II E
Salt Lake 3 10 ll
San Francisco 2 7 0 j
Leverenz and Konnick; Smith and!
Brooks. I
It H E
Los Angeles 4 7 0
Vternon 0 5 0
Pertica and Boles; Mitchell and De-vormer.
R H E
Oakland 3 8 4
Sacramento 4 11 3
(Eleven innings.)
Krause and Murray; Leake and
Fisher.
SOUTHERN ASSN.
,i
At Birmingham, 4; Chattanooga. 1
At Atlanta, 10; Nashville. 0.
At New Orleans. 4; Little Rock, 0.
At Mobile, 0; Memphis, 1.
LEONARD TO BOX
(By Review Leased "Wire)
CAMI KEARNEY, San Diego, Cal.,
May 11. Arrangements were complet
ed today for Benny Leonary, light
weight champion, to appear at an en
tertainment for Camp Kearney sol
diers May 22. Leonard will box an
opponent yet to be selected at a free
show that is being arranged.
WESTERN LEAGUE.
At Omaha R. H. E.
Des Moines ..2'U 0fi0 00 3 10 4
Omaha 302 401 OOx 10 14 1
Cockel, Dressen and Breen; Vangil
der. Funr and Pratt.
At St. Josephs It. II. E.
Sioux City 010 100 0002 5 3
St. Joseph 101 103 00X 6 8 2
Meyer and Lich; Luschen and Ba-chant.
At Hutchison It. II. E.
Topeka 003 010 (mo 4 9 1
Hutchison 0OU 000 3003 8 2
Jaynss and Manion; Graham and
Banner.
AMERICAN ASSN.
At Minneapolis, 0; Milwaukee. 6.
At St. Paul, 2; Kansas City, 11.
COLLEGE BASEBALL
YALE BEATS HARVARD
CAMBRIDGE. Mass., May 11. Tal
cott, pitching for Yale, proved a puz
zle for Harvard. Talcott allowed only
two hits, gave no bases on balls and
struck out eleven men.
Innings R- H. E.
Harvard' 000 00( 0000 2 4
Yale 001 010 2105 10 0
Talcott and Holmes; O'Keefe and
Gammock.
FENNSY BEATS YALE
PHILADELPHIA, May 11. Victory
crowned the efforts of both the varsity
and freshmen crews A the University
of Pennsylvania in their annual races
with Ya!o over the Henley course of
one mile and five-siiteenths on the
Schuylkil rivir today.
There wa snever any doubt as to
the superiority of the red and blue
oarsmen, the varsity eight winning by
four lengths in six minutfs 55 1-5 sec
onds an dthe freshmen by slightly
more than one length in seven minutes
and twenty seconds.
CORNELL FRESHIE8 WIN
(Itv K-vtow UphiI Wllf'l
PHILADELPHIA. May U Cornell
freshmen were victorious in the dual
track and field meet on Franklin Field
here today with the Pennsylvania
freshmen, th score being 75 to 42. .
JACKSON PASSES TEST
PHILADELPHIA. May 11 Joe
Jackson, left frdder of the Chicago
White Sox. which club is playing a
series of games with the Athletics, was
examined here today for military serv
ice. Thti examining physician pro
nounced Mm 100 per cent sound.
MRAN GETS CHANCE
' BOSTON. May 11. Edward Mahan
former Harvard football captain, now
a sergeant in the marine corps, is one
of 5lM enlisted men selected to attend
the first niarii i corps officers' train
ing camp to be held at Quant k-o, Va.
PATTERSON SIGNS
MINNEAPOLIS. May 11 Roy Pat
terson, veteran pitcher, today was
signed by the Minneapolis American
associailop club.
LEONARD WINS BOUT
SAN FKANC1SCO. May 11. Bonny
Leonard of New York, lightweight
champion of the world, easily outhov (
eu Joiinny .mci army oi rau rraiicis
co. in a four round bout here tonight.
I
which was one of the nine events in .
... rrwnm arranged for the benefit of;
the war department athletic fund. The!
receipts were approximately J19,t'00.
OFPCSITE CENTRAL THEATER
LOWELL
LEWIS BEATS POLE
LOUSVILLH. Ky . May 11-Ed
ward "Strangler" Lewis or Lexington.
Ky.. was declared the winner on points
in his match here tonight uu'i
Wladek Zhysko nf Poland, claimant of
lilt- heavv eight wrestling thftmpHin
si;ip Each took one fall.
ON TIRES
ARE THE BEST
They Are Cheaper, Too!
A COMPLETE STOCK JUST ARRIVED
WELBOURN AND DODDS
Bisbee Phone 432 Jno. Addru Phone 188
s;4 f lit .
These Three Things are Certain
First; that you must have a good bat
tery if you expect good results.
Second; that you must provide the
care and attention without which relia
bility and long battery life are impossible.
Third; that in the Willard Storage
Battery tyou secure the high quality
which with proper battery attention gives
you the maximum of battery life and
service.
Remember that the Still Better Willard is
the only battery wiih the "Bone Dry" principle
that is your absolute assurance of getting a
fcattery as hew as the day it left the factory.
LOHMAN & WRIGHT
Central Theatre Building - - Lowell
sQ..
mmm lFsrTJm- T j '.j.--.. inmni
V11111 ".ni' ii in ii t m i.i hi ' i iiiiiim .
ar
Coovdotk mlMnt iU
.y
Cuts! Gashes! Exposed
Fabric! Blow-outs!
Prodium Process Rubber
minimize this trouble
Prodium Process Rubber (the new tread used
exclusively on Republic tires) is so touy;h that
even newly crushed rock or sharp stones
doesn't cut and gash it.
It wears down as evenly and smoothly as a piece of fine
steel. After miles of service it looks like new. It keep
water away from the fabric, prevents rortinj of the carcass
of the tire, and makes premature blow-outs practically a
thing cf the past.
Get a sample strip of Prfxlium Process Rubber. Try to
nreak it. it's the toughest, stongest tread stock ever t:3?d
on a tire.
BLIC TIESS
STttAR PLAIN. AND "VVM" TREADS
y". ''; C.'i ;'-U JUoJg in lit Stylnh iiioJk Tread
Western Vulcanizing Shop
Jchrsscn Addition THE EISEEE DAILY REVIEW. SUNDAY MORNING, MAY 12, 1918.
:
ui .l ,iilH !
imm. it . i. ii ,i
HP
AL THEAT
I oday
Continous 1 to 11
A Picturization of Jules Verne's Remarkable Book
EIGHT
Rfc Today 1
2.;09;000 LEAGUES UNDER. THE SEA
A Stupendous Spectacular Production in 8 Acts, A Play Full of Such Thrills as are to
Be Found No Where Else -The Mysteries of the Sea Displayed Before Your Very Eyes
While Men Walk Upon the Oceans Bed and Engage in Deadly Combat with Monsters
of the Deep.
A Marvelous Production-A Wonderful Storv
This Picture Recently Showed atBisbee at 75c Top Admission.
No Advance in Price, Children 15c Adults 25c
nt. If iui.uii n nil ail
iii
"T V"'-"?"' 'jT IT"1 -L,'
UM T
SPECIAL MATINEE
MEN ONLY
1:30 P. M.
MEN QNLY
With
fs
TL
naked truth of the unspeakable atr cities practiced by the Huns in Belgium
for men only.
TONIGHT
COMMENCING 8:15 P. M.
TONIGHT
Lights and Shadows of Jo Man's Land
THE MOST THRILLING WARLOGUE ON THE AMERICAN STAGE TODAY
BY
r
nvate
W
E. Colliege
The one'armed hero of Messines. Private Collinge tells what he saw; not what he heard
. . or read.
f
LAST TIME TODAY
G
Le theatre!
I
1
IB ' l ' I
is V i ( j
I y VNL : h ;,,', ..,.-, "J
CONTLNUOUS 1 TO 11
LAST TIME TODAY
THOS. H. INCE PRESENTS
IN . .
I lit; dUil Ui his
Father"
BASEBALL IS WARREN PARK)
Junction Briggs vs. Copper Queen
City Briefs
tion and that the cattlemen will lose
1 heavily this spring unlesg ther.j are
early rains.
Has anyone visited you? Or
have you entertained? If so. call
ihe Reiew alter 6 p. m. and tell
the Society Editor, Phone S3.
VISITING SISTERS.
Mrs. Luta Johnson of W arren is j
spending a few days in Douglas on a
visit to her sister, Mrs. J. A. Vestry.
AS TRIAL JURORS.
Th following BiBbee citizens have
been suiaiaoned to Tombstone o'n Mon
day morning for service as trial jur
ors: C. A. McDonald, C. M. Wheeler,
Gerald W illiams. Andrew Beckman, L.
F. Carter and Frank Duvall.
$25. All the sentences carried the
nard labor clause and the prison irs
will be taken to the road camp to
work out their time. I
REMEMBER
THE
CLCDHOFPER
"A CHIP OFF THE OLD BLOCK"
That's Chas. Ray in this tsde of love, thrills, ro
mar.ce, adventure, suspense and a bit of cussedness.
Ycu can't afford to miss C-harley's greatest picture.
We don't know what you think of Ray; we think
he's one of the greatest of stars.
ADMISSION
MATINEE 15c NIGHT 15 AND 25c
V1II11
REMEMBER
THE
PINCH HITTER
MEETING
The W. P. T. Association will meot I
next Wednesday evening 8 o'clock, ;
May 15, at the Greenway School. This ,
change was planned so that the fath-1
era might attend and help to make !
this meeting a success. A program '
has been arranged. Refreshments will I
be served also.
FROM TOMBSTONE.
Miss Beula Crews of Tombstone is
spending few days in this city from
her honre in Tombstone on a visit to
friend3.
WERE IN DOUGLA8.
j Chester A. Condon, of Duluth, a
i member of the Calumet & Arizona di
j rectorate and Cleon T. Knapp, the lo
cal attorney, were in Douglas yester
day on business connected with that
company.
WERE IN DOUGLAS.
Sanitary Inspector Sheppard and his
family have returned from Douglas,
where they spent a day on a visit to
friends.
ON SHORT VISIT.
William Boyd, of the Flack-Boyd
Drug company of Tombstone, was in
the city Inst evening, on a short visit
to the Elks' Baiaar.
I FROM TOMBSTONE.
I Quite a number of the residents of
Tombstone- were in the city last even
ing for tire purpose of attending the
speaking at the City Park last even
t ing and after the close of the meet-
ing they were interesting visitors at
! the Elks' Bazaar. They returned home
late last night.
BABY GIRL.
Horn to Mr. and Mrs. A. R. Miller,
nt Maternity home, 7-pound baby girl.
Horn Friday niiiht. Mr. Miller is the
RAILROAD RATES.
No word has yet been received by
the railroad as to whether summer,
rates will be permitted this year, but
as the one far round trip rate to the
coast is advertised for May 11, in
announcement in regard to whether
this will be allowed or revoked is ex
RECEIVE COMMISSIONS.
The committee on public inrovaia
tion has announced the names of the
third officers' training camp gradii-
I ates. fortieth division. Camp Kearney
California, which includes that of Law
rence R. Jackson of this city. He was
formerly employed at the Bunker Hill
Mines company at Tombstone and
later moved to this city and was mar
ried a short time before he was called
to service to Miss Katherine Hoy, of
this city. He is now stationed in
Georgia. He with others listed below
will be given commissions as 2nd lieu
tenants. The other Arizona men who
graduated are: Thomas B.. Rice, Doug
las: Arthur R, Brady, Tucson; Clark
Eads, Phoenix; Ramon Garcia, Tuc
son; Robert I. Koch, Flagstaff; James
E. LeBaron. Mesa; Richard E. Mey?r.
Tucson; William G. Paul, Wickenhurg;
Dan T. Peart, Casa Grande; Frank
lin I. Pomeroy, Mesa; Charles L. Re
naud, Pearce; Lee R. Smith, Willcox.
ROYAL
THEATRE
MUTUAL FILM CO. PRESENTS
MAY WARD
IX
"a Daughter of war"
In Six Acts
PADDY McQUIRE
IN
"BUNGLING BILL'S BOW BOW"
A Comedy in Two Ac!s
PROGRAM CHANGES DAILY
BALCONY, 5c
ADMISSION:
LOWER FLOOR, 10c
proprietor of the Gent's Furnishing ted t t, proDably at the be-
ginning of next w?ek.
UNDELIVERED TELEGRAMS. 1
The following undelivered telegrams
are at the Western Union office for
Mason W. Morris, Frank Weems, J. N. i
Chapman, Walter E. Jones, and Amo
Shininian. I
WAS IN CITY.
City Attorney Boyle of Douglas, was
in the city yesterday on a short busi
ness trip. He states that he is kept
busy these days in the city police
! courts nrosecutine narties for ramb-
I ling ami other offenses that are being
RETURNED HOME. 'rounded up by the Douglas police
Sheriff Guy C. Welch returned to ; force. A number have been caught in
his home In Tombstone yesterday after tire past few days and arrested on
spending a part or two days nere on gambling charges.
. i 1.1. it ..iti -
COMING TOMORROW "THE NAKED TRUTH"
In Sir Refls
TODAY
Continous 1 to 11
TODAY
WILLIAM A. BRADY Presents KITTY GORDON i
The DivineSacrific
I
In 5 Parts
What would other women do in similar circum
stances? That is the question everv one will ask when
H they see this great drama of .mother love at its highest
T -r-A nnklacr kfiffv CnrAnn 5 cnrwrVi in tKe rrf rif ih"
self-sacrificing mother.
return. ; hereby give public notice that, Reese, Ladies of the M I'v.lw! nnl
TOO LATE TO CLASSIFY
I will not be responsible fur anv debts
that aro contracted by her in my
name.
(signrd) O. F. SMITH.
Adv.
friends, tor their flo"! .tml sympa
thy at tni tinn of the -loath of iheir
Httio dai.phter. --Adv.
FORR EIT 5-room house, with bath: ! rTOBrr,nu j
close in. Inquire Miss Riley's school j TRAWBERRY ,SHR,T TCAKE !
i with whip cream. Knglish Kitchen, j
J Adv. 711 ;
Mouse. (
22 Kxport paper hanger and pnlner. O. I
!j. Brandt, phone Aof. Box 150. 5S0
UNDER MEW MANAGEMENT
The Ozark boarding and rooming
house, 71 Brewery Gulch. Adv. 161
FOR RENT 3-room furnished
Curve street, opposite convent.
FOR RENT 3-rooms for liht house-!
keeping. No. 20 Curvj street, opio-1
site convent. "C2 i
business connected with
position.
his official
Business Locals
IN THE CITY.
H. K. Ftreet. general mnnsper ct
the Boquillas Cattle company was in
the city yesterday on a short business i Abran Madril
BOOTLEGGERS SENTENCED.
Sentences passed on bootleegers by
the superior court this week included
those of Joe Curran. who received 1
ear. from April 13. and a II.". fin;
who received 6 months
trip. His company has junt shaped ; and a $100 fine and Chris Cedrger.
several trainloads of cattle from their Vho" eot 12 months and a $150 fin,
ranches in the vicinity of Hereford, to j Two more pleaded gnllty, Jim Henley,
California points. He states that th? who will be sentenced later, and Geo.
cattle are not in the best of condi-j Dolphin, who received months and
DANCE.
C & A. Band Dance. Warren Park,!
Wednesday and Saturday. Admmls- j
slon f 0 cents. Ladies free. Adv. 740 ;
Dr. Playfair, Osteopath, 98 Mason
Hill. Mason car stop. Phone Blue M7 '
Adv. 231 !
NOTICE
Owing to rumors having been cir
culated through the city that certain
candidates on the Citizens' Non-partis-ian
city ticket, were intending to re
sign if elected and seek appointlv
offices in the city, we desire to an
nounce, that none of the undersigned
are dsiious of, and will not accept
FngUsh Kitchen and rv one nf their n appointive office in the city of Bis-
35c combinations; choice of three1 l ee undor any conditions.
MATERNITY HOME.
Call Black 573 for terms, etc.
A d vert isemer.t-97 1
PARAMOUNT MACK SENNETT COMEDY
LOUISE FARZANDAR With SUMMERVILLE
AND CAVENDER
IN
V
"The
Kitchen
In Two Parts
For noondny inncn. go to the
I combinations.
V1r.3l7!
ROCK HILL'S STAGE ,
BIsbee-Tombstone, Leaves Blsbee '
Blsbee Auto Co., 7 a. id., 1:30 p. m. 7
Phone Blsbee 5. Adv.
I.. I-. Oilman sells the New Fdison, '
"the pt onosrap'! n sou!."
TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN
Bisbee. Ariz., May S, 1918.
My wife, Nellie M. Smith, having1
CARD OF THANKS
Mr. ar.d Mrs. Kdw.ii'd "iv
thank Si.--.t.rs and iw'a of t'i,
. ish in
Lor-'t-!
left my bed and board ami refusing toto Academy. Rev. Fth'-- Mimlin. nr.;
JACOB ERICKSON.
Mavor.
LEE JOVANOVICH.
Councilman.
c A. Mcdonald.
Councilman.
C. vr. HICKS.
Councilman.
I. A. ROSOK.
Councilman.
N. C. BLEDSOE.
Councilman.
B. T. W ATKINS.
Councilman.
BALCONY, 5c LOWER FLOOR, 10c
RESERVED SEATS, 2Cc
Don't Fail to See Mcnday, May Thirteen
"ENLIGHTEN THE DAUGHTER"
In Seven Parts
A powerful dramatic document relatir.fr to two moth
ers, two daughters, a man and the world's mystery.
i
r4
3
I
J It
if
Mmnt
TO?
MINING
SOCIETY
SECTION
8
S SECTION
8 6
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
MINES, MINING, LOCAL STOCKS AND COPPER
VOL.20. No. 288.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MAY 12, 1918.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
IBB
MOLYBDENUM
1 OF ARIZONA MANiPAST YEAR SHOWS
ROMANTIC STORY INCREASED COSTS
Prospector, R. O. Boykin,
Hits Better Than Gold Ore;
Capture of Busy Bertha Re
veals Krupp Secret
(Harold Blake Schumm in the Phila-
aeipnia ruonc imager j Dominion Copper Mining & Smelting
In December, 1913, a lone prospector ! . ... , , . ... . .
was wandering over Southern Arizona I the Ln.ted Globe Mines and Old Do
on an optimistic search for "gold." miuicn Company fcr the year ending
Robert O. l.oykin was Ms name, ana
mail addressed Tucson, Arizona
would reach him some time. He was
a tall, sturdy young frontiersman,
born fewer than thirty years before
in Texas of old Texan stock. In his
youth he was a cow puncher, then a
broncho buster, later a Texas Ranger,
a miner, a deputy sheriff in a mining
community, a rodman on a geological
survey, and then, spurred on by the
call of "gold," a prospector in the out-of-the-way
corners of civilization.-
He was. tracking through a deserted
town a ghost town of Arizona, called
Mammoth a place that years ago,
when the mine was running, was
worthy of the name it bore. On his
burro the prospector had packed his
canvas bedding and cooking utensils,
and in the rain had started on his
way to a Mexican adobe hut that of
fered a lodging. On the long way
through the cactus and mesquite the
burro and the prospector had wearily
plodded along.
As he approaches the deserted town
the rain was falling. The burro would
not increase its pace. Using a switch
he had cut from a mesquite tree. Bod
kin whipped the animal, and the bur
ro gave such a kick that a frying pan
became dislodged and clattered to the
ground.
Boykin stooped to pick it up and as
he did so he noticed yellow steaks
in the beds of the rivulets running
down the side of the road into' the
San Pedro River.
A Strange Yellow Metal
Here was something new! What
was ft?
With the eye of a connoisseur Boy
kin started to investigate. The rain
was now pouring down, but oblivions
of the fact he kept on. . Like a trained
surgeon performing an operation un
der shell fire, he wandered all around
wondering what these deposits could
be. He traced the "yellow streak" to
the tailings of the obselete and de
serted mine, and then dumping the
tobacco out of his tin into his pocket
he filled the 'can with the "unknown"
and went to his bed in the Mexican
hut to dreams worthy of fiction.
Boykin took the tin can to Tucson,
where in the laboratories of the Uni
versity of Arizona the tests were
made. "Wulfenite" its chief constit
uents being "molybdenum" and lead
was found in abundance.
But what good was "molybdenum?"
For what could it be used. It surely
did not experts thought amount to
much, for in the entire United States
in 1913 there were but thirteen tons
of such ore.
At this point the scene shifts to
Germany.
While the world was peaceably go
ing about its affairs, the kaiser's gen
eral staff, through its underground
agents, heard of this discovery in far
away Arizona. Boykin was told to
send a sample to a firm in Hamburg,
representatives of the Krupp Gun
Works. Came a cable right back to
Boykin:
"How much have you, and when
can we get it? Cable reply Immedi
ately." Boykin, lacking finances, took the
proposition up with a capitalist of
Tucson, and through him was able to
get a plant started. The price the
Germans offered Boykin was, to his
mind, staggering. Fortune, he thought,
was his.
Contract Void By War
But just as the first delivery was to
be sent to Hamburg the war broke
full force upon the world. Boykin
looked at his contract, and for the
first time realized that the harmless
as he had thought clause "void in
case of war" left him with it on his
hands. Financial min stared him in
the face. He had the plant and the ;
product on his hands, and shipments
to Germany were impossible.
Then came Liege. Antwerp, and fi-
nally the Marne, with its capture of
a "Pusy Bertha" and the discovery ofi
the use of "molybdenum" in the man
ufacture of the great German guns.
Immediately the English subsidized
the molybdenum mining industry in
Canada and Australia, and then the
entire products of tioykln's plant at
Mammoth were taken by the British
and French. Today the United SfBTes
has first call on the output.
It is today no military secret the
importance this metal is to play in the
war. One has only to view the town
of Mammoth, and compare It with
four yenrs ago. Then it was deserted,
lonely and ghostlike, a few people
(Continued on Fa?e Two)
DOMINION
Issues Annual Statement of
Combined Companies Un
der Single Organization;
Comparisons Difficult
The combined report of t he Old
iiwc as issuea. as uie wiu
Dominion Company in the early part
of last year acquired all the assets of
the Old Dominion Copper Mining &
Smelting Company of New Jersey,
and also all the assets of the United
Globe Mines, except one claim, no
comaprison with previous years is
available.
Operating profits before allowing
for depreciation, taxes, etc., was $2-
376,509. equivalent to approximately
$8 per share on the 297,071 shares out
standing. After deducting deprecia
tion, deoletion and state and Federal
taxes the balance of $1,221,264 was
equal to $4.11 per share.
The combined income account fol
lows: Total income ... J8.635.171
Expenses 6,258,662
Oper. profit before dep. etc.
2,376.509
State and federal taxes 571,517
Depreciation or plants 319,874
Prov. for dep. of mines ...a... 263,852
Surplus for year 1,221,264
Previous surplus : 367.586
Combined net surplus 5.607.894
Total - $7,196,745
Dividends paid 2.376,262
Surplus $4,820,483
The balance sheet as of December
31, 1917, shows:
ASSETS
Mining property and plants
$11,906,474 j
Supplies 476.264
Securities 86.000
Liberty Bonds 173,365
Metal on hand sold 2,229.713
Accounts receivable 105.559
Cash . 248.161
Total $ 3.389.063
LIABILITIES
Capital Stock $7,476,775
Account payable . 91.6o3
Adv. cn copper shipments.... 1.142,150
Accrued taxes 304.094
Reserve for dep. of plants.... 319.874
Reserve for dep. of mines.... 263.852
Reserve for repairs and div. 100,6i3
Surplus - 4.820.4S3
Total $15,295,573
In their remarks to stockholders the
directors say in part:
In the early part of the year 1917.
the Old Dominion Company acquired
all of the assets of the Old Dominion
Copper Mining & Smelting Company
of New Jersey, Bubject to its liabili
ties, and paid therefor $10,000,000 in
cash, and also acquired all of the as
sets of the United Globe Mines, ex
cept one claim valued at $5,000, sub
ject to its liabilities, at a valuation of
$4,995,000. This company previously
held about 96 percent of the capital
stock of the United Globe Mines.
By this purchase the Old Iominion
Copper Mining & Smelting Company
and the United Globe Mines were
eliminated as separate operating or
ganizations and the charter of the
Old Dominion Copper Mining &
Smelting company was surrendered.
The shareholders of the Old Domin
ion Company will be greatly benefited
first by the elimination of a duplica
tion of office labor and extra work for
the officials, there will also le great
er efficiency for the same effort; dou
ble taxation on the same income will
be eliminated.
The first six months of the year,
the operations were normal and the
profits were satisfactory; but on July
lt, when the strike was called, and
subsequently, conditions affecting op
eration for many months were abnor
mal, and the profits were much reduc
ed and unsatisfactory. Since Septem
ber, however, there ha been a gradu
al improvement in operating ronul
tlons. but with a much reduced net
profit on account of the unsettled con
ditions respecting labor and the in
creasing cost of all materials and sup-
plies, together with a selling price for
copper fixed by the Government much
lower than that prevailing for the
fist six months of the year and for
the year 1916.
The company paid dividends of $8
per share during the year.
The total production for the year,
including custom ores, was as fol
lows: Lbs. refined copper, 32.365.795; ozs.
silver. 165.703; ozs. gold. 3.897.
The mining costs for the year 1917
compared with the previous year are
as follows:
1917 1916
$S08 $6.48
As in previous years, the west side
ore bodies have continued to supply
the greater part of the production of
smelting ore. The 9th. loth. 11th and
(Continued on Page Two)
I What Is AM
3 I
t uw -
"Soldiers of
Contrary to eeneral belief, the IT.
S. Marines serve not only aboard bat
tleships, but also on land in this coun
try, foreign stations, and on the bat-
tie line in France. In addition to all
these duties, many Marines are being-
trained fc-r Aviation duty. -
Un land the duties of Marines in-
elude Infantry, Artillery, Signal and
vi irtiess wont, oesiaes many special
MINING INDUSTRIES
FIND PRODUCT VALUE
TOO LOW FOR PROFIT
DULUTH. Minn., May 11. Mining
companies are facing a serious prob
lem in that present product values in
few cases are high enough to allow a
fair profit. Zinc is quoted at below
$7, which is little more than equal to
$4 in normal times. Lead is holding
around the $7 mark, and lead produc
ers are probably in the most comfort
able position of any mines, as this
figure is sufficient to leave a substan
tial margin of profit. Copper at 23',4
cents allows some- companies profits,
particularly the porphyry mines, but
the smaller properties and even some
of the larger ones, where cost of pro
duction is high, are barely getting by.
The difficulty lies in that little de
velopment work is being carried on.
Hiph cost cr labor and mining ma
terials makes companies hesitate be
fore devoting much time to this im
portant factor, and unless something
is done to encourage prospecting and
opening up new ore, it may not be
many months before production is
greatly curtailed. Little mines all
over the country are already closing
down, and only a few of the big ones
are producing up to normal.
Spelter is probably in the most se
rious position, in that neither smelter
nor mine is making a profit at the
present level. Stocks are enormous,
owing to a big decline In consumption
and unless these stocks are turned in
to new lines the situation may not be
relieved except by closing clown the
mines.
The Butte district mines are,
producing considerable zinc as a by- j
nroduct in getting out coDDer. almost
db '
enough to meet the present demand, j Stamps and War Savings Certificates i lodes and is sending from 50 to 120
Since shortage of steel has practically: that he can carry. I tons of rock a day to the mill, but the
put a stop to galvanizing, the only! Liberty Bonds were new to him! Michigan is making a good recovery
big consumption of spelter is as an , and he bought a few thousand dollars ! from its rock and is doing consldera
alloy. j worth to see what they looked like, j ble toward its expenses in this way.
On the other hand, the government After hearing many tales about thej Work has not been discontinued at
went to the trouble of putting a max- war he finally decided to enlist, but j the North Lake and the New Baltic
imum price on spelter, for above thej was turned down by the recruiting of- and New Arcadian are still operating
nresent market price, and tliope tak-i fleer because of his age. : and have no plans for closing down.
ing part in the production of this min-
oral are inclined to think the govern-,
ment expects an early call for huge
supplies of spelter which will send
prices skyward. Time alone will prove!
the correctness of this belief.
Cost of producing copper varies so
widely that it is difficult to determine!
a method of price fixing that will doj
justice to all mines. Copper eonsiimp
tion is heavy and owing to the strikes!
which curtailed production of last
summer stocks in the United Stnteal
V... . ,.T rx" - -1 . M- .0I W - '?N
y Fr:
-.VL. i.-.; - S
x -is
"ilJUnE0D RUBBER CO. c'
1
'fSS HEWS BUREAU
the Sea" Serve on Land and
Sea,
details connected with the military
service.
The new increase in the Marine
Corps which has just ono into effect,
creates a rare opportunity for young
j men who contemplate answering
their country's call to the Colors.
Quick promotion to men who are
I competent is practically a certainty.
: unit: men can still join the Marines
are low, though production is fast re
turning to normal, and leaving a sur
plus over war demand. Many mines
are showing a large profit in this in
dustry, while others are forced to
close down. Washington is now con
sidering the question and it Is expect
ed in mining circles that the fixed
price will be raised from 234 cents
to 24 V2 or 23 cents in the near future.
At the present excess profit tax will
drain heavily on all companies able
to produce cheaply, it will allow the
companies operating at high cost a
fair profit, thus equalizing earnings,
seems to be the logical answer.
Lead mines are taking care of them
selves nicely. Production and con
sumption are holding pbout the prop
er relation to each other, and stocks
on hand are large enough to assure
supplies for several months, even if
labor troubles or their eventuality
phould close the mines. Seven-cent
lead compares with nearly five-cent
lead in normal times, considered a
satisfactory basis.
An increase In copper price will en-1
eouraze the entire minin
industry, I
and will encourage buying of mining 1
stock, probably stabilizing the sii"ua-!
tion for zinc and lead producers as!
well as copper.
PROSPECTOR RETURNS
FROM YEAR'S TRIP
REXO. May 11. For four years
Charles McNeale, a prospector, has
been working a claim in the moun
tains on the Powder River in Oregon,
all unconscious of the fact that near-
lv the entire world is at war. He ar
rived in Reno yesterday with $65.000 1
in gold, which he deposited at a bank, ;
and today he is trying to make up for
.lost time by buying all the Thrift,
HUN FLIER WOUNDED
(Ey Review Leased Wire)
LONDON. May 11. A Reuter's dis
patch from British headquarters in
rYance says it is reported that Lieu
tenant Von Richthofen, brother of t'ie
famous German aviator, who was kll
ed recently, has fallen during an aer
ial flight over the Somme valley and
that his skull was fractured,
likely that he will ever fly
It is un-i
acnin.
and
ARINE?
11 U. ,
X
li.m.' 1
in the Sky.
provided they secure the usual re
lease from their boards. The age for
all applicants eighteen to thirty
five inclusive.
Recruiting stations for the Marine
Corps are maintained in Los Angeles,
Bakersfieltl, San Diego, El Centro
and Phoenix. Booklets can be had
I for the asking.
MICHIGAN COPPER
MINES GIVE MEN
WAGE INREASE
. CALUMET. Mich., May 11. Sever
al mines of the Lake Superior copper
country have announced a five per
cent wage increase, while practically
all other properties are expected to
soon follow a like course. Despite the
high wages paid. $4.45 a day, the lab
or situation is unpleasant, and few of
the properties are securing crews ade
quate to their needs.
High wages, shortage of men and
milling and smelting costs increases
have been hard on exploration propo
sitions in the copper fields of the
country, at least in the Lake Superioi
district. Several explorations have
been forced to close down and more
of those operating now, with the pos-
Bible exception of the Michigan, are
planning to make any mill tests this
year or until costs go back to some
where near the normal level. '
The manager of one exploration Is
authority for the statement, however.
j that it is practically as cheap to con
tinue work sufficiently to keep the
mine open and clear of water as it
would be to close down. To close
down it would be necessary to entire
ly dismantle the shafts and part of
the surface equipment. The shafts
would fill with water and equipment
would be ruined or at least depreciate
considerably in value. There would
likely be much caving in of shafts and
levels, meaning much costly work to
reopen.
The Michigan is' working three
although thoy will not likely make
any mill tests of rock this year. Sene
ca and Mayflowcr-Old-Colony are
pushing down their shafts, but both
being in proven ground, these propo
sitions are hardly considered in the
exploration class. Federal is do'ns
nothing at all this year on its proper
ties In .Keweenaw County.
New "Arcadia is daily expecting to
cut at the 1700-foot level, the No. 8
conglomerate vein, to intercept which
a crosscut has been run from the eu-U.
7
Phenomenal Increase
In Activity of Small
Mines in All Arizona
Reports to Arizona Chapter American Mining Congress
Show Gains Have Come About Within Past Month; Out
look for Better Metal Prices Responsible; All Producers
Interested in New Copper Value
None short of phenomenal is the increase in small mining activities
throughout the state, as indicated by reports received by the Arizona Chapter
American Mining Congress from the various districts. All of the gain has
come about practically within the last month and in each instance represents
discounting of the probable advance of the pf ice of copper in June. It is not
only the small operators, however, who are taking cognizance of the outlook
for a better metal price. The large operators are much interested as well
and are planning to reach back into their lower srade ores and increase both
ore and metal output in the event of a sufficiently higher price being author
ized to permit them to do so. It is a year now since they have been able to
take out anything except the high grade and the possibility tiat they may be
able to ease the latter up and go after the lower grades once more is exceed
ingly welcome. Much work will be necessary in most instances in the mines
to prepare the way for extractian of the lower grades after their long neglect.
A good deal of this has been started.
' SEVERE LAPSE OTHERWISE
Should the anticipated advance in the price of copper fail of realization,
it will convey the severest discouragement to mining generally in the state
that might be given at this time. Many small operators who have plunred
to more or less extent in the expense of making ready for resumption of
production on a larger scale than ever before, and some who have acquired
new properties to add to their holdings and put under production, will find
themselves flat, and perhaps permanently crippled. Prospecting and new
development, which have had great stimulus in the last month, will be
brought to worse than a standstill. Another thing that must be considered
and that is even more important is the fact that a great many men have been
remaining in employment In the mines, mills and smelter departments solely
because of their belief that increased metal price and higher wages would
soon be realized. If disappointed in this they will not wait long to change
their locations to more profitable fields. Loss through labor turn-over is
already high enough without adding the swamping proportions which would
be attained under such a general movement as is Indicated to be certain in
the event of disappointment in regard to price fixng for June. While the
large mines would sulfer heaviest from
be no mines or plants in the state that would escape wholly. All of them
would be hurt to mere or less extent and the shortage of labor which now
exists in some lines of employment be greatly increased.
v ARIZONA MINES LABOR SHORTAGE
Reports from the various mining districts of the state show that while
in' most Instances there are plenty of men present to give the mines full
complements so far as numerical strength is concerned, in nearly all cases
there is a shortage in some lines of
dustries the chain is only as strong as its weakest link. A shortage of help in
any one line tends to lower otitputting ability in every other department.
Some districts, for instance, have an
shortage of machine drill men. The
work and therefore its maximum results are governed In this instance by
the number of machine men it can get. Some districts are short of timber-
men, a fact that holds back all other divisions, because the general work can
go ahead only as fast as the timbermen can keep up their end. As the Fed
eral employment bureaus become better established there is hope that con
siderable help can be extended in providing distribution of idle labor so that
present difficulties will be materially reduced.
SILVER MINING
Anticipated advance in the price of
finement of increased mining activities to that metal. Silver has benefited
quite as much and possibly more. Hundreds of silver properties in the stato
carry enough copper In their ores to make it an important factor in carrying
the mining expense, provided the copper content is marketable at a reason-
able price. The advance in silver put many of these properties in position
to ga ahead vigorously with mining and development if the higher silver
price is going to be coupled with higher copper price. In that event they can
overcome expensive haulage from isolated localities in which they are and
beside adding a material output of silver to the government's available supply
can also help a good deal with the copper production. Silver and copper is
not all of their product, either. Few of
also, and many of them run well in
stances Is the metal factor they must
over the top. The price of 23 Vfc cts.
In instances of mining of small quantities of exceptional high grade. In the
Prescott country, inclusive of the Humboldt. Mayer and other outlying terri
tory, a surprisingly large number of properties have come under active prep
arations for production because of the better price outlook.
CONSTRUCTION GOES
It will not be possible after the
ests that they slacked in any deeree on the expense of construction that
might increase their maximum efficiency during the -war period, notwith
standing the fact that construction is costing several times more under ex
isting conditions than It did in 1914 or than it is likely to after the war
United Verdes big expenditures in new rail construction, smelter increase
and steam shoveling preparations, those of Verde Extension in boulage tunnel
acquirement, of Shattuck Arizona in mill construction, of Copper Queen in
steam shovel development and mill construction, of Miami Copper in power
plant and milling increases, all stand out ir( proof that there is no hanging
back on the part of the companies financially able to go ahead, regardless
the increased turn-over, there womd
workers. " In mining as in all other in
excess of miners and muckers, but a
drill men pioneer the way in the mine
ACTIVITIES
copper has not resulted In the con
these properties but carry gold values.
lead. Copper, however, in nearly all in
look to for assistance required to get
has not allowed this assistance except
ON DESPITE HIGH COSTS
war to charge to Arizona mining Inter
T TWO
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MAY 12, 1913.
PHLNOIiL INCREASE IN ACTIVITY
IH SMALL MINES THROUGH ARIZONA
Mining and Financial News
BY REVIEW LEASED WIRE.
St. Marys 50
lTleh Copper S2"-8
Utah. Consolidated i()
CURBS
Arkansas & Arizona
Austin
iEW YORK, May 11. The stock
mar Ket ended an extremely misy ween,
as it besan, on a wave of bullish en
thusiasm which carried numerous
of the price of metal. Magma Copper, mines, through which much has been j special issues to highest levels of the
of Superior, is the latest to undertake; attained in speeding up, with pertna
a large item of expense having in- nent benefit to both the men and the
creased efficiency as its basis. Mag- j companies.
ma's step will be taken shortly in be-; Gain in Arizona Gold Output
ginning of an 1800 foot supply tunnel j Arizona was the only state in the
which will serve the deep levels of the' Union to make gain in its gold output
three shafts which have been "put 'in 1917, according to statistic just
down. There will be motor tracks j issued by the Geological Survey. The
and other traffic ways in the tunnel. ; 1917 output of Arizona had value of
Miners will traverse it to their work j $5,533,800, as compared with J2.092
and be relieved of the present climbs 800 in 1916. The gain of more than
hey are obliged to make to the shtfts : $3,000,000 was practically all made in
At the portal of the tunnel the exten-'the Oatman district. United Eastern
sion of .the railway will meet the out-j being responsible for the major por
coming ore cars. A large warehouse tion. This year, with increased out
and other buildings to accommodate I put from both United Eastern and
the mine business will be built there Tcm Reed, the district will put Ari
and the Superior depot building and j zona still higher in the column. Tnci
much of the yard facilities be releas- dentally, last year was the first in
ed for the growing requirements of-which United Eastern was in full pro
the district other than Magma busi-jduction.
ness. Falling off in production in other
Equipment Means Much j states was mainly due to increase in
Magma has been going through i cost of labor and of all mining sup
more than a year of intensive work j plies, while the price of gold remained
in development and equipment, dur
ing which it has nevertheless man
aged to keep its production around
the normal of a million pounds the
month. Manager W. C. Browning and
his staff have won high credit for in
genuity and untiring energy in the
conduct of this achievement. Mill
construction and betterments have I United States $ 84.456,600
been a coniDarativelv small part of! Canada 15.449,426
stationary. In a number cf instances
gold properties were obliged to close
down, and many of these will remain
out of commission until costs readjust
to a normal basis. World production
of gold in 1917 was sft follows:
Decrease
the work. -Getting down of the big
working 6haft and sinking of two ad
ditional shafts, one on each end of
the proven area, has been the real
work and has interposed many diffi
culties to the maintenance of produc
tion. Results, however, have given
ample reward for all the endeavor.
The lower levels have shown up large
increases in high grade reserves and
establish Magma as a very rich and
resourceful mine. With its new shaft
and other equipment it will not be
long until it will be in shape to much
increase output. Meantime, it has
tied up a large amount of money.
Revival of Silver Copper District
Probably the most marked demon-
Transvaal ..
Rhodesia
West Africa
Australia ....
India
Russia
Mexico
Others
185,871,016
....... 16.952.426
7.420.3SS
. .... 35,275,000
10.744.8S2
20,000,000
10,000,000
28.000,000
from 1916
$8,133,700
3.7S5.550
5,630,913
1.939,79(
713,846
7,309,188
43S.179
11,000,000
2,500,000
8,000.000
Total $414,167,774 $49,451,172
year.
There were some offsetting fea
tures, such as the relative heaviness
of rails r.nd coppers, but these were
more than overbalanced by the
strength in all other quarters of the
list.
United States Steel was again to the
forefront, advancing from its low 'ot
107 to H'DVi. within a small frac
tion of its current maximum, closing
virtually at its best.
Backwardness of rails and metals
resulted from disappointment at the
failure of the Washington authorities
to announce higher transportation
rates rnd to the less favorable quar
terly statements of the larger copper
producing companies. Sales 550,000
shares.
The new Liberty 4"4 per cent bonds
continued to foil, declining from Fri
day's low 98.40 to 98.20. Of the older
Liberty issues, the first 4's equalled
the year's low at 95.64, the second .'s
also showing heaviness. Total bond
sales (par value) $3,750,000.
An actual loan increase of about
?9S,00O,O0O and an expansion of more
than $65,003,000 in excess reserves
the encouraging industrial outlook j Arizona Silver King ,
were among the factors which con-; Hig Ledge
tributed to the substantial upswing. ' Butte & London
United States steel furnished not i'alumet & Jerome ..
fewer than 1,400,000 shares to the ! Cornelia
week's total of about 5,200.000. mak-'Consolidated Arizona
ing an extreme gain of 12 points. j Consolidated Copper
26 "
1
16Vi
l7x
6
NEW YORK METALS
NEW YORK, May 11. Bar silver
99c.
NEW YORK COTTON
NEW YORK. May 11. Cotton
closed steady at a net decline o 25
to 65 points.
ICurtiss 34'i
j I)enn 21
.Dundee
Emma .
Federal Oil
Cadsden
Green Mons'er
Grand Island 13
H :
' i
Pictures of home folks
inspire our Soldiers of
Democracy with the cour
age that wins. k
Your photograph for
your soldier.
Glebe Dominion ;
Hull 3S
Howe Sound 4
hi?cla 4i
i
INCREASE RESERVE
NEW YORK. May 11. The actual
condition of clearing house banks and;.Trrome Verde
trust companies for the week show Magma Copper 3!
that they hold $102,807,730 reserve in I Magma Chief 23
excess of legal requirements. This is j Miami Consolidated 5
an increase of $65,608,150 from last jOknuilzee 7Vs
week. Pitts Jerome . 52
j Porphyry 50
NEW YORK
Closing Quotations, May 11, 1918
Anaconda 677-,
Aemrican Can ... 43
American Car 79
American Locomotive 67
American Smelter 81
American Sugar 114'4
Palriwln 86-
were the noteworthy features of the . Bethlehem (B) 8614
weekly bank statement. jc & o ' 5SU
C F & I .... 43"
GRAINS Canadian Pacific .-. 146 j
CHICAGO, May 11. Announcement . Central Leather 673S !
by the food administration that Hour ; cUelble f 69H lArK0
Distillers 60'
Ray Hercules
Tom Reed . . .
Tuolomne
United Eastern
Verde Ex
Verde Conibinntion
West End SO
White Caps
Wolverine Arizona l'a
4'A.g
an? : 3
95
3!)5
40
Wright Martin 10
substitutes must sell 10 cents below
wheat cost had a depressing influence
OATMAN
By Collins & Brctherton
6
I Adams 2
Erie
154
today on the corn market. largely ; Goodrich 45,
Arizona Rex
Ariz-Tom . . .
Marine
s . UVUU I I 11 ,
as a result, corn closed unsettlea, Z :. General Motors
cent net lower to cent advance, una Alcohof
with May $1.27 s and July $1.43 fa to
n.434. Oats lost 1V4 cent to 2 cents
and provisions 32 cents to 10 cents.
Notice of the fresh measures whicn
the food administration was putting
forth to curb hi:,'h prices of cereals
122
Gold Road Bu.
13)5 j Boundary Cone
...t.
25 :
Col dHoad Hon 2
Marine Preferred 93H
Mexican Petroleum
Mid vale
New York Central
Gold Reed
qoi' uoia urn .
in-; ! Lucky I!oy
1 1 .
7 1 uiih r-uit;
Northern Pacific 87
MAGMA MINERS CLUB IS REAL
THING IN CLASS
SUPERIOR. Ariz.. May 11. Miners
and all other employees of the Mag
ma Copper Co. have long been proud
of the "club house organization they
maintain and have sounded its prais-i i datively low figures
ame opportunely for the bears at j Rending S6'i
time when demand for immediate de
livery of ccarse grains was limited.
Oats duplicated the weakness of
corn.
About the only shipping business
reported was on a 60 day basis at j southern Piicifi
Rubber 57U
Republican Steel S7"B
Studebaker
Steel 1C)
St. Paul 42
Tellurlde
Tom Reed
j United Eastern
i United Northern
371 'United Wester n.
stration of revival in a silver-copper jeg ,n min,ng cirdes from one end of
district in the state is that of which
Patagonia has recently given evi
dence. Idleness which hung over the
district for several years, broken by
an occasional but short-lived turn
toward the resumption of activities,
has now been permanently shaken off
under the stimulus of higher silver
piyce and promised higher price for
copper. Machinery is arriving for a
new mill to be erected at the old Flux
mine, additional equipment is going
to the World's Fair and a number of
other properties are receiving prepar
ation for larger activities than before
known. The World's Fair at this time
is centering the largest attention, its
control has been sold by Frank Pow
ers to strong eastern interests which
now have representatives at 'the prop
erty preparing plans for the extensive
equipment and development which is
needed in order that the maximum re
turns may be had from the mine of
which it is conceded to be capable.
Intermittent production of the prop
erty since its discovery in 1893 has
been attended by output of ore frcra
which more than $1,000,000 has been
returned. Of this amount probably
half was from a comparatively small
tonnage of high grade. The possibil
ities of the mine have not been sound
ed and under its new control it is en
tirely within range that it will develop
one of the great silver properties of
the country with side values of no
mean kind in gold and copper. Pow
ers so believes. He has never had 1
ilnllht as tn what ft nrnnpp investment !
of capital in opening up and equipping
the property would do, but he never
cared to undertake the big task him
self. Turn of the tide in the affairs
of the World's Fair and other proper
ties in the district which is now well
underway may be expected to bring
Patagonia to prominence as one of
the jig camps of the country.
Another Southern 3eneficiary
The Chiricahtia mountains mining
camp of Paradise may ran Patagonia
a race for first place among districts
revived under higher metal prices.
Silver, gold and copper values in the
Paradise district combine to make an
attractive proposition under the pres
ent outlook. Recently there has been
much new interest given to the Para
dise country and most of its eld prop
erties are again under development,
with some of these advanced to readi
ness to negin important shipments.
Promise is not lacking that some prop
erties in the district upon which there
was heavy expenditure of money sev
eral years ago will disprove formei
thecries and bring in the big mine
that many mining people have long
contended to be a certain outcome oil
ptrstr.tcnce.
Arizona Has Use For All Available
Labor
Exemption of Arizona from the lai-t
tail upon the states Tor labor cnli.it
meat probably rcllects recognition v.t
the fact that the state has use for all
of the man-power at present within
Its borders, particularly that which U
the western mining country to the
other, but recently they have added
new causes. One of these was the
active part taken in sending the third
Liberty Bond subscriptions of the dis
trict to 36 times the quota fixed for it,
a record that it is not believed was
Provisions dropped with hogs and
grain.
S5,;
! Sinclair 28
Red Lion
Other Curfcs
Gadsden
Creen Monster
MARKET ACTIVE
NEW YORK. May 11. With little
interruptions despite incessant selling!
tor profits, and on a steadily lncreas- Adventure
ing volume of operations, iuis wee s
BOSTON
outdone in the country. Another of I ck. m rsi.
m. ,.n. rnm.- i the start-1 ' ecoraa for the year, while here and
w nt o ntrv -i,i ci..h mnvement . there actual new maximums were es-
to supply the men in the training
camps and abroad with their tobacco.
Manager W. C. Browning of Magma
Copper, a leading spirit in the Magma
Club life, is accredited with concep
tion of the idea. To carry it out, he
recently secured an appropriation
from the copper company directors
which he has turned over to the club
Texas Oil 130 'uiie iomicn
Union Pacific 12:514 inundoe
United States Marine 42 j Venture Hill
Westinghouse 42 j Pitts Jerome
'Jcromo Verde
j Ark-Arizona
1 Jerome Portland
Allouer 50 inspiranon-.eeuies ....
Alaska 1 Hull Copper
Arizona Commercial 13 Magma Chief
American Zinc 15 ' Wolverine-Arizona
tablished. 'Butte i- 19' Verde Combination
HeUer wsr news, the vote of confi-j & A ) .....i " 71 j Miami Consolidated
der.ee extended tc the British niin- c g. jj '.''.".'.'."'"".''.".'".'."..""" 4,0 Nacozari Consolidated..
istry, exceptional crop prospects and c Range " " 47 I Verde Apex
Ichino ...'.'.'.'.'.'..'.Y.'. 43 Porphyry
ieht inches Three leasers are work 1 "Chile 16'i itaumer : jerou.e
ing on the property. E Butte 9
Another bunch of claims In the dis-:Gronby 7
Feather River
25
5
2 . 3
2 '
2 3
5
15
2 3
2 3
16
2.0!l
3.95 4.--0 !
1
2 " i
25 j
2.75 3.0' !
Ml .09 !
.26 .2S I
.S7 l.'io I
.04 ;
.52 .5o
.62 .1.9 ;
.OS .It,
.25 I
.06 .12 j
.38 .45 :
.25 .27 ,
1.75 2.0" !
.62 .73 1
.05 .10
.10
.50 .7' !
1.00 1.12
-15;
DIX
"The Photographer' in Your Town"
MAIN STREET BISBEE
trict which are making a promising! Grand Canadian 421
irtrr. 9nH u-itn which ihev win shewing are those known as the'Goldfield o0
,.v, m, fT-n-owt" t aii Sasse erouD. where large deposits of
men enlisted from the Superior dis
trict, no matter where they may be.
a liberal thirty days ration of tobacco.
vanadium and wolframite have been
encountered. These claims have oeen
bonded and leased, and it is the inten
Hancock 7'4
Indiana 80
Inspiration 54
Kennecott 33
The club "has decided to advance the tion of the management to begin the ; Keweenaw
idea as one for all club organizations
to take up and put over.
Magma's club carries on its enroll
ment practically all of the employees
of the company, muckers, miners, ma
chinists, engineers, superintendents
and manager and directors associat
ing in the commodious building occu
pied by the club on a common footing.
Recently a $1,000 player piano was
added to the features of the dub
rqpnis. a gift from the directors of
the company in appreciation of cour
tesies extended them at the club
house by the membership.
SULPHbF.iC ACID PLANT MAY BE
PUT UP AT PATAGONIA
PATAGONIA. Ariz., May 11. Large
resources of thia district in pyrites ot
iron have attracted attention which
Kay result in the erection of a plant
here for the production of sulphuric
acid. Investigation which has been
made and followed up with estimates
cf cost of establishment of plant has
brought about determination that a
miDlon dollar investment would make
prcfitable returns. Eastern capital
has become Interested and steps are
now being taken from which definite
results are expected.
erection of a large plant soon. It isi Lake
possible that before the end of the
summer the camp will employ upward
of H0 men, if plans now on foot are
carried out.
OLD DOMINION IN
PAST YEAR SHOWS
CHICHESTER S PILLS
VT . THE 1UH BRAND. A
l'i
6
LaSalle
Mohawk . 62
Nevada 20 Vt
N Butte 15
Nip .8
Old Dominion 40 !4
Osceola 50
Pond Creek 18
Quincy 71
INCREASED COSTS i 5y,nsolidated tc3'
) CMIU'.lUi IV
! Shannon 4
(Continued from Page One) j Superior Boston 2',i
ldii-ai Ak ywr unfffim fur A
I'll I la IU4 Hi'i Cold teUlLV
boc seal&l with Blu RiOwe.
TOf
it... i. .L-r- iit-j-nt'..' Trir
DI.ilOI HktAM) FILL, fcr CA. ll
yean -inov-fl s Best. tM est. Always Keiut ka
SOLD BY DRUGGISTS EVERYliHESE
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Solicit Your
Patronage
PHONE 58
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
CHARLESTON HAY
EXPERIENCE BOOM
12th levels produced about 15,000 tons ; "
of ore during the year. On the 14th :
level about 15,000 tons of ore was)
produced, the larger part of which ;
came from sections worked in Blocks ,
03, 7W and 2V. The 15th level ton-j
tinued to be an important producer, I
producing about 21,000 tons. The 16th I
level produced 23,000 tons of ore dur- j
ing the year, most cf which was high-1
grade smelting ore from I locks 6VV !
and 7W. The 17th level produced
very little ore. The 18th level on this j
side was also a very small producer, I
nlthouch some very encouraging de-!
Watch Your Blood Supply,
Don't Let Impurities Creep In
Ture Blood Means Perfect
Health.
The average druggist has handled
hundreds of medicines in his day,
Fomc of which have long since been
forgotten.
l?,.. L. Jl. .-i t 1 V1
velopment was done, which will be i - inlos n
considered later. I duSls thru&ut
r.i 1 . . . vjiii: . lur jiiuiv Liiaii iiily vi-ai .
in ce.iira. ore oouies ..ae pro-, d th t . g g g th reliabl0 blood
duced only a small tonnage during Lie : ' v ,
year. Between the 3rd and !tth levels '
a small tonnage was obtained, mostly
from working over old slopes. The
most important production in - this
area, has been on the 14th level in
the ore body opened up ou the hang-
medicine, that is purely vegetable.
Many druggists have seen wonderful
results accomplished anong theii
customers by this great o!J modicinc,
and they know that S. S. S. is ona of
the most reliable blood purifiers ever
made. Keep your blood f.-eo 01 im
purities by the urc of this honci.t oM
medicine, and if you v.-z-t r"iic?l
advice, you can obtain Fame wilhovii
cost by writing to Mtidica! Doctor,
bwift hpeciac Co., zS tv;:lt Lj. ora
tory. Atlanta, Cu.
I Every foot of ground in the Charles
ton district of Cochise county, one
time site of an old mill through which
hundreds of t')ns of rich ore were run
in the early days, is now being locat
ed by prospectors from various dis
fl ! ing wall of the main vein, tn Blocks
r. ; '1 ot) in
During the year a total of 1494.83
million gallons of water were pumped
from the mine. 7:!0 million gallons
were sold to the Miami Copper Com-j
pany. I5y curious coincidence, the
minimum rate of How occurred on '
December 31, the same at last year,
when o,4'in,r20 gallons were pumped.
The maximum flow was reached on
March 12, when 4,808,3!;l gallons were
pumped. Installation of additional
L. J. OVERLOOK, BROKER
Corretpondents: Paine, Weber A Co, Boston, Duluth, Calumet.
LOGAN A BRYAN, NEW YORK AND CHICAGO.
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK.
tricts of the county. Work on several
properties in the district is proving pumping couipment to a total capaci-
up'jcme of the best ground ever seen ; ty of 20 million gallons in twenty-
FRUITMAN'S T ADIES' TAILOR
ashionable and IMPORTER
Tailors' and Dressmakers' Supplies
Woolens, Linings and Trimmings Picatirg nnd Hemstitching
Buttons and Buttonholes
HUGHES BLOCK (ODDOSite Central Sehcol) Phone 274 BIS3EE
adaptable to work in its copper mi:i- in that part of the county, and pos-jfour hours was completed with the
jng and oollon industries, both rifhtly
classed as highly Important war i
hilitv Uiat !:;rge mines may be op-; exception of the removal of one D. C.
i.ed un in the near future is looming ! cable from "A" shaft to the pump
dustries. otton is a big factor 111 large. These are the statements oflshr.f!.
making explosives and copper is cs- seeral profpe:tors and locators who
sential In order that use can be made ;!ave visited the district recently. ' j MOLYBDENUM FIND
i..v. A,u..i,cn. 111 ivr in vv.v: : 1 ne MCIIOni group OI Claims uin.ii!
withdrawals of labor that have been 0f ;i,e Dumpling eroup. say those who'
made, the skilled labor cf which tii: '.,.vH looked over the field, is making
war department hr.s had requirement . A showing and is engaged in ac-
in, i. le success attained by tiio mine", .Ve ilevrlomnent of promising ledges
has beep. .iuh rr;(!o silver-lead ores. The,
virk is being prosecuted actively out;
tu;etly b energetic mining men. J-ere and there still living around the
On "the Dumpling claims, near shell of the old place. Today it hums
Charleston, ore which is almost iilen-!ith activity. )ny mid night the
m keeping up production
doubly remarkable. It tells of a Kn-xl
deal nf energy expended by elli ient
mine workers in quickly Kihooling un
trained men lo skilled performance
CF ARIZONA MAN
ROMANTIC ST CRY
((.'oiillimeil finm I'Hge Oriwi '
of work, in th performance of which tical w.th tin: "state of Main" ores 'huge new plant is tinning out iniilyh-
tntoiing they hnve carried a burden rtisi even d in the pioneer days of iridium for 1'ncle Sam and the allies.
TomhsKiie. lias been opened tip. Dally shipments, aggregating thou-:-'a;upli
of t' u rock were on display sanila of dollars, are going to the
iii the inii.ii'.'s of W'atkins At IP'ig-1 world's niiuiition centers. The devel
'Miint during th past v.eek. They run ' opnient that the Oniimis started Is
l.'l '-umes s!er "ml ?l pe-ienr I r.n"- full prewp. htm! ,'ork'r.(C f?'i
'I'll. A shall i-. now (!n a !v feet to ' prodigious strenglii auiiinst the kHlser
of extra and trying work of which ho
oneeptie.li can be had by the ine-;-pcrieneerl
tp,-t, Another torue factor
has been t;-,n establishment by nearly
all t f the larze podm-iiis einip"ile
of free Ifcttnc classes and course
The Body of
Our Faint
I pure wh.'ti- It vl. It Is mivd wIMi
turp-n'lnn ir n:re l!u..ccl nil lie--coning
t,i i. :.i r ll is to be used
far in c.r outside work. There is v.
grit in it; nu hilu'.tcratiU lo make
Its manufacture cheaper. Taint ex
perts alw?;3 vcl their supplier
hero. Wouldn't il he wise fir you
to follow their example.
Bwbao Lumber Ccmpa
EMIL MARKS. MGR. LOWKLL CAR STO". 25.
iapAY
is) II TP
When pay day comes do you put a
portion of your wages in the Bank?
Ycu can open a Savings Account here
with one DclLir or more.
Make the start on your next pay day.
Bank with us. '
Safe deposit boxes for rent.
You've Been Earning for Years?
Has it cost ycu every dollar of it to live?
These arc pertinent questions, but the man who
answers thtm honecliy to himself will ieel the time
has come to start a Savings Account with this bank,
save for the future and get 4 per cent Interest. ......
Think It Over!
CITIZENS BANK & TRUST COMPANY
Main Street Bisbee, Arizona
When You Think of Building
Think of
INES
LUMBER COMPANY
J. W. F. SMITH
Manage
Phone 88
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
AND HIGH CLASS CAFE
T!.i br.--l t'i everything at reaboii.-iblt a la carle prices.
A Special 60v: luncheon d,.ii Also $1.00 dinner from
5 : 30 to 7 : 30 p iii. Regular Board by the month, $40;
$10 by the v.-fi-k.
Henry Poppenr Manager.
conducted by practical uien of the: atcr, and tiio vein has w ideucd to'autl his army.
. Review Want Ads Bring Results THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MAY 12, 1918.
THREE
ELKS' BAZAAR ENDS
IN GLORIOUS WILD
NIGHT WEST SHOW
MANY MORE CATTLE
WILL EE HERDED ON
NATIONAL FORESTS
The final night of the Elks' War
Stamp Bazaar and WoUville fiesta was
by far the most successful of the en
tire week from the standpoint of sale
of stamps and from attendance. Early
last evening the crowds began to ar
rive. They kept arriving until late
in the evening and at midnight had
just begun to depart. The sales of
War stamps and the proceeds from
the dance, which go to to the Red
Cress, were the largest of the week.
All six of the roulette wheels, the
crap tables and the wheel of fortune
remained active throughout the even
ing. Meantime two orchestras con
tinued their music, cabaret entertain
ers mixed through the crowds and
their songs, and the cries of western
fovr punchers and cow girls rang on
the night air.
On the dance floor many odd and
unique costumes were in evidence. The
night was known as Wplfville night,
and the wild and wooly man and wo
man of western pioneer days came
and went in numbers. Many of the
guests were appropriately pistoled,
chapped and spurred. Confetti filled
the air for a long time, and from the
opening of the dance to the close the
floor was crowded.
copper tra MmsfZfZ i
liOfl BRlGGSj SMALL INFANTi
PARTIAL REPORT OF
JULES VERNE DRAMA
CENTRAL BILL TODAY
The Universal Film Manufacturing
company's eight part feature phbto
drama, '"Twenty Thousand Leagues
Under the Eea," at the Central theater
today, made records at the Uroadway
theater In New York.
The thrilling scenes photographed
at the bottom of the ocean have at
tracted much attention. Then, too,
there is an unusual quantity of scien
tific V"owledge to be derived from
the picture.
The mysteries of the sea are to a
large extent graphically displayed.
Fishes of many sort are seen in their
native waters, while men walk unon
the ocean's bed and engage iu combat
with tigers of the deep.
Captain Nemo, the hero of Verne's
imaginative tale, is shown in many
adventures aboard his submarine, the
Nautilus. His rescue of a pearl diver
who becomes ensnared In the tentacles
of a eriant octopus is one of the big
scenes in this spectacle. There is a
strong love interest when the "Child
of Nature" is discovered on the ".Mys
terious Island" by Lieut. Rond, and
the two are finally rescued" by Capt.
Nemo. who learns thp shf is his
daughter, the Princess lllia. who was
abducted several vears bc'ore and ior
which abduction Nemo is partly driven
to seek that revenue which supplied
the basis for Jules Verne's story.
Ftock raisers and sheep men of the
southwest will b? interested in the
announcement of the department of
'.Agriculture, just issued, that three
quarters of a liiillion more stock v.ill
be taken care of this year in excess
of last year on national forests, rha
decision to inciease the herding priv
ileges has been made to encourage and
meet war demands for greater produc
tion of both cattle and sheep. Follow-
I ing is the statement of the dapurt-
ment:
"To meet the war needs of the
country sheep and cattle will be
grazed on the national forests in in
creased numbers this year. Half a
million more sheep and nearly a quar
ter of a million more cattle will be
taken care of than last year, accord
ing to the officials of the forest serv
ice. This will bring the total number
of stock grazed under permit to about
9,000.000 sheep, 2,360,000 head of cat
tle, and 51,000 swine.
"This increase is on top of an in
crease of 200,000 sheep and lOy.COO
cattle made last year when it was
recognized that the country's nee I
for beef, mutton, wool, and hide
ealled for the fullest possible use of
the national forest ranges.
Productiveness Has Increased
"Through conservative handling of
these ranges for more than 10 years
their productiveness has been stead
ily rising. Wi'h the country at war,
the secretary of agriculture felt It was
necessary to take some chances of
overgrazing in the interest of larger
immediate production. The results of
admitting a larger number of live
stock were, however, carefully
watched. The further increases made
this year are mainly made possible by
finding out how additional stock can
be grazed wltho'it injury to the ranges
through more intensive nethods of
use.
"These include readjustments in the
allotments of range, closer utilization
of the forage, and the opening up of
country not before used for grazing
stock. In order to make the new areas
accessible to stock it has been in many
instances necessary to construct trails
or driveways. Watering facilities have
also been improved. The various in
creased allowances have been author
ized only after careful consideration.
Largest lncrease in Colorado
and Wyoming
"The largest increase has been made
in the Colorado and Wyoming forests,
where 51.000 additional cattle and
151,000 more sheep will be grazed. la
the state of California there will be
137.000 more sheep. The provision for
more cattle is widely distributed
throuih relatively small increases on
practically all of the forests.
"In Color?do virtually all of the nd
ditiona sheep to be grazed are owned
in small numbers by settlers of the
! immediate Jvicinity. Under preser.t
! wnr-time conditions it is no lorrer
; necessary to handle cheep in lam i
:br.nds in ordefr to make the handling
i profitable.''
urn i m am tafuv
If ILL iLfll 2 UUH I jDisch-rgs frsm Sgun Fired
at Oificer Hardwick Passes
GRAND' JURY IDE;
i i
"SON OF H!S FATHER"
AT EAGLE PLAYHOUSE
One of the most popular themes of 1
play and story is that of the rich man's
son" who is thrown on the world witn-.
out the invaluable moral assistance '
of "the governor." Ridgewell Cullum, .
author or "The Son of His Father";
which novel has been picturized for
Charles Ray, makes use of the theme,
but it is more than ordinarily inter- j
esting because of the numerous new
twists he has given to the basic idea. )
"The Son of His Father" will be the!
first photodrama starring Charles Uay '
to be released hv Paramount. It will !
be seen at the Eagle theater for the
last time today.
PRIVATE GOLLINGE
GIVES WAR ADDRESS
HUNS MAKE THREATS
LONDON, May 11. Dispatches from
Moscow say newspapers there publish
statements that an ultimatum was re-'
cently handed to the council of the j
people's commissaries by the German
ambassador Count Von Mirbach,
which demand the immediate execu
tion of measures making Russia vir
tually a German colony.
"It's what we saw in Belgium that
made tlrs Canadians the relentleFs
fighters they proved to be." says Pri
vate W. E. Collinge, of Canada's
"Fighting Seventh," who appeared
last night at the orpheum. He will re
cite again today, afternoon and even
ing his vivid warlogue, "Lights and
Shadows of No Man's Land," a narra
tive baaed on his experiences for nine
months in the trenches of France and
Belgium.
"Why," he continues, "the barbarity
of the Apache Indian was as child's
play compared to the fiendish atroci
ties of the hellish Hun. And women
and babes were the chief victims of
the Beast of Berlin. What we saw
transformed us into an avenging host
which gave no quarter in hand-to-hand
battle in No Man's Land nor did we
ask any."
Collinge, who is twenty-two years of
age, served in the "Suicide Club," as
the bomb squad is called. In action,
three hours is the duration of life ot
a bomb thrower. Collinge miraculous
ly escaped injury for nine months and
then lost his right arm by the explos
ion of a German bomb.
Batteries for today' game:
Campbell and Lebrandt for the Cop
per Queen; Myers and Wolgamot tor
the Junction Briggs.
This is the announcement flirt ("m-pire-in-Ohief
"Kitty" Hrashear wi'l
mnke at 4:30 this a:ter:ioon when the
Warren league baseball game is called.
Manager Fred Carr.es of the Queen
team also has Lefty Cothran ready tor
slab duty while Easjii will be Man
ager Cal Earthman's choice in the
event that Myers, army chuckcr from
Douglas, is unable to play.
Campbell is the pitcher who was
with the C. & A. club early mis yar
and played outfield in several games
for that club. He has played outfield
pnd first base for the (iueen team
since securing his release from the
C. & A.
Stadcili Will Play
Art Stadelll, crack' outPclder. will
be back in the game -for the Queen
ag his leg, injured in Wednesday' j
game, is much better. Too Whalint
and Cothran cr Hanson will complete
the Queen outer defense.
Hesse, first; Carneg, scor.J; Krig
baum, short, and Wilson, third. Is the
inneld announcement for the Queen
while Deke I ehrandt will catch.
Earthman will have Wolgamot, clev
er army receiver and former leaguer,
behind the plate, while his Inf-eld
reads as follows: Rirkel, short; John
son, th'rd: Earthman. second, and Pur
year, first.
ltijohn, Finton, Stewart and Barr-
hil! comprise the ou::rtet from whlca
an outfield trio w-ill !: chosen.
The Copper Queen cl'.ib has won
three games and lost two, while the
J-B nine has won two and lot three.
A win for the Junctions tedfiy will not
onlv tie these two ch'b but will make
a triple tie, as the (: & A. boys have
won three an 1 lost three ca'.ncs.
Teams Are Improving
Myers, army slabber, is a clover
'urler pnd if h3 works. Manaeer
Farthman is confident that he will
give the Qrieen slugsers r.s much trou
ble as did Hasty Bidv.el! of the C. -i
A. team Wednesday. Campbell for
the Queen is a spitball artist 'and has
a lot of stuff. He did not pitch for
the C. - A. this season before joining
he Oueen but at the end of last sea
son showed that he has the makincs
of a niTty flinser. Vndr T.ebrandt's
coaching he will have a good chance
to improve.
First flight pitching has proved a
scarce article this season, althouch tl;e
're tctal of runs piled vp in several
r3:nes was a mnch dne to errsrs anJ
the poor condition of the ground? as
to e;ruli." slab work.
The players on the various clubs
ore fttii" 'n better hpe ach week
rind are developing b"t'pr t"am work.
II pe sendintt for more men a"d with
these additions the clubs should offer
an even better brand of ball until the
erd ef the season.
Within Foot of Sleeping
Child.
An examination made yesterday
morning by representatives of the
police force and the sheriff's office dis
posed the fact that the shots from
the gun fired ly Jeol Smith at Officer
Joe Hardwick on Friday night, nar
rnwlv missed killing a little bahv be
longing to a Mexican family in an
adjoining limine. The buckshot went
through the door of the room where
the child was asleep on the cot anl
Hire the end of the cot and went into
the base board and into the carpet
at the foot of the cot. The officers
found seven of the buck shot ou' of
ten that went through the door. Hp.I
.-'mith stood about a foot further to
the left or fired a foot further to the
left, the little one would have been
riddled with the buckshot.
Smith was yesterday sent to the
County hospital at Douglas where it
will be necessary to amputate one and
perhaps-two of his fingers. He is be
ing closely guarded at that place to
see that he does not escape. A charge
of an assault with Intent to commit
murder was yesterday filed agMnsi
him in the justice court. He will be
given a hearing as soon as he is able
to return from the hospital.
That Smith was not killed by Hard
wick is due to the fact that the latter
lwed that he had been wounded
jand came out of the room and the
officer took him wnne ne. sun nau wic
gun in his possession and the hammer
of the left hand barrel was cocked and
another shell loaded with buckshot in
the barrel. The officer would have
been justified in aeain shooting Smith
to protect himself had he so desired,
as Smith kepe saying that he would
et Hardwick as soon as he was able.
Hardwick displayed cool judgment in
the face of death and that he was not
in a vengeful mood was shown by his
not further shooting at Smith after
hed had endeavored to kill the officer
vith the shotgun.
The Churches
School Notes
NOTICE!
1
The second term of the high schoul
x. : i ihis vtek. Th' craduating
V;s:i oT seven girls and Km boys have
'ii-.isiiod their work for the year and
have been awarded their diplomas,
ie tn.rd tenu of the high school
opens Monday morning and will con
tinue until the lirst of October.
The Western Union Tele?ra-u com
pany liavs at Hst shippeJ telegraph
instruments to the Bisbee binh school
and it is planned to have the instru
ments -"insfa'Sud- and the pupils at
work in a few days.
Mr. Baker, principal of the Warren
Junior high, left for Clifton Friday
evening where he v.ill confer with
the Clilton board of education. Mr.
Baker has been elected superintendent
of the Clifton schools for the coming
yeir.
The school of education of the state
university will conduct a six weeks'
summer term at Bisbee unJer the
direction of Professor Foster of the
university. Already 22 pupils have en
rolled, and the following courses will
he i ff'T.'d, for which university cred
its will 1h given by the University of
Arizona: Methods in Secondary Kd'.i-
cation. Professor Foster; Educational
; Standards and Measurements, Profes
' sor Foster; Practice Teaching, Pro
cessor Foster and Mrs. Foster. The
I students so far enrolled come from
; the University of Arizona, and are
either seniors or juniors.
On account of conditions in the feed and fuel mar
kets over which we have no control, in addition to in
creased costs of maintaining our business, we have
found it necessary to eliminate charge accounts and on
and after tomorrow, May 1 3, we will sell quality feed
and fuel for cash only. We wish to thank our many
customers for past patronage and we solicit their busi
ness on the new basis.
Independent Fuel & Feed
Mrs. Chance and Miss Malum of the
high school faculty will not be on duty
the coming quarter as both will leave
for the east in a few days to spend
the summer.
Miss Helen Moore of the University
of Colorado has arrived from A:-. pen.
"olrrado, and will teach In the Horace
Mann high school.
A number of Douglas teachers have
applied for positions in the Bisbee
schools for the summer quarter.
FIRST CHRISTIAN CHURCH
Bible school, 10 a. m.
Co.iauuicn aud preaching services,
11 a- m- . . ,
oung Peoples' Society Christian
Endeavor, 1 p. m.
Preaching, 6 p. m.
Rev. Orover C. Linn will preach
morning and evening. Topic, 11 a. m.,
' e s'rili it-Filled "Life." Kvening.
"Salvation from Start to Finish."
A cordial invitation is extended tD
all, especially strangers, to attend
...esa sen ices.
j TUCSON, Ariz.. May 11. A partial'
I report was returned this afiernoon by I
i the federal grand jury upon the resuits
jof the investigation into the deporta- j
tions at Bisbee of lust July.
I The 'contents of the reDort were i
not divulged, whic h indicaSed that j
'those who had been connected villi i
I the matter were still at liberty. Tiie
usual practice is to withhold in for- i
jmation until warrants are served.
I The serving of warrants in any case
j would require a delay of several days
' before the announc ement of the fine
Mngs of the crand jury could be made
I public without seriously hindering the
i operations of the court. The fact that
the calendar for next Monday is free
of any litigation gave rise to the sur
Iniise that sufficient progress was ex
i pected by next week to begin action
' under the indictments.
CRITICISES WOBELIES
DOUGLAS. Ariz.. May 11. Kn
route west Assistant General Fitts
stopped off at Jackson. Mississippi,
long enough to make an address be
for the Mississippi State Bar Asso
ciation. Here is what the assistant general
who has been in Tucson during the
present week furthering the endeav
ors ef I. W. W. to get before a fed
eral gra;id jury with their complaints
i.gainst the Icyal citizens of Bi.sbee,
Douglas and Jerome here Is what he
had to say about the Wobblies to the
I Mississippi lawyers on his way to
j Tucson.
i "1'aey have destroyed harvesting
j machinery and placed dynamite in the
! n'neats. '1 hey have destroyed mature
j fruit trees by driving copper nails into
j them below the surface of the ground.
I Wreckers of Mines
"They have destroyed mining ma
chinery, especially in the copper
I mines and in the mines where the
! minerals essential to the conduct of
' the war are mined and produced. They
'have YireJ the forests, particularly the
I forests of spruce, that beinfc the wood
essential for making airplanes. They
' have destroyed saws in the sav. inills
j by driving pieces of steel or iron in
J the logs so as to break the band saws
and unnerve the sawyers. They saw
(lumber shorter than standard lengths.
The I. W. W. have surrounded court
houses and packed courtrooms for the
; purpose of putting ever uitir uiU'i...
They have taken possession of rail
road trains and assaulted and mur
dered the train crews. They mis-send
freight, mi::p!ace signal lights and put
emerv dust and sand in journal boxes
oo railroad cars.
Traitors in All Ways
"Members of this organization place
foreign substances in food in hotels
and restaurants, break crockers, dip
table fork in crude oil, use stink
po's in dininr-rooms and put bed-bugs
in beds. They plant trees upside
down, hoe up potato vines instead of
weeds, bruise apples and other fruit i
in packing. They remove uniis from '
carefully adjusted machinery, mis-j
place and omit parts of 'opy" in print-!
ing offices and put foreign subsumes j
In canned goods. '
Rejoice in German Victory
"They view with alarm the prepara
tion of the country to resist its for-'
eign enemies, because they not only j
would gladly witness the triupmh of;
those enemies but ul 10 because they
do not want the country to be pre-'
pared to meet and stamp not the an-i
archv which they intend to foment ;
frr i!i wi!':.in. All tl'eir ronir.n;riica-
tions begin with the words 'Dear'
Comrade,' and end wi'.h !he words. I
JAMES STEWART WILL
ADDRESS m CLASS
THURSDAY AT Y.M.C. A.
'Yours for the Revolution.
"While our precious hoys ar freely i
pcuring their youth on the battlefield
of France the adminis'ra'ion is b-itig- j
ing to beur. arid bravely, every ord. rly ;
process of the law for the suppression j
or mis pi ');:ieiiu!.' sir.ii tn crauiea
tion of th:s peison. If the present
statutes, intended for fairly decent
people, cannot reach these dev ils, then
congress, which is neither backward
nor pussyl'cc'ed, will pass laws which
will catch them."
.I.imes Stewart, foreman for the
Copper Queen mining company, will
lecture at the Y. M. C..A. weekly min
ing class Thursday afternoon and
evening at 1:30 and 7 o'clock.
The subject of his talk will be Tim
bering. rib raises. This is a meth
od used a great deal in the Queen
prcprr'es and that is becoming more
and more popular in local mines as
well as elsewhere through the state.
All miners, tnutkers and others in
terested in mining are invited to at
tend the lecture. No charge is mane
for this ccurse and one does not have
to bei! member of :h" a-st. elation to
attend the lectures.
MINES FLOURISHING
SAY 0, OF A, EXPERTS
Mines c Arizona are flourishing and
many Si.iull properties are beginning
to produce in anticipation of an ad
vance in the price of tnets.! when the
price fixing board meets, according to
I'rof. Clnrles F. Willis, of the state
bureau of mines, who visited in the
district yesterday. Prof. Willis was
accompanied here fcy S. C. Dickerson,
safety engineer of the state bureau.
They remained in the district most, of
the d.iy, returning to their of-ices in
Tucson last night.
While little new cnpital is coming
into the strt" to develop the new and
precious metal properties, say the
mine experts, the minors of the state
are exerting themselves to produce
copper, gold .silver and lead. With a
possibility of a 25 cent copper price
during the next month, many of the
smell properties are beginning to pro
duo actively amy ther is a general
increase in work.
Husinss comtirions over the state,
say Willis and Dickerson. are good
and not only the mines, but cattle
and fanning men are prospering. Both
university men travel extensively in
Arizona and are in close tooeh with
general conditions. They were more
than generous with their praise of the
Warren' district and its prosperity.
SONG SERVICE TODAY
AT ASSOCIATION 'TO
HONOR MOTHER'S DAY
A special Sunday program is an
ncur.od for today at the Y. M. C. A.
auditorium in honor of .'.lather's Day.
Tin sv;r. set vice will start at 'O
.md specialty on the program in
c'ude solos fcy J. A. li.iurotirt fnd
L.i-rs Le Caver.
The Itev. J. M. White of the Lpis
opal chti-ch will ive a Mother's Day
a'h'ress following the musical n'im
i vr,.
BISBEE YOUTH SENT
TO CAROLINA GAMP
The many friends cf Eud Yoakum
In this district, will be to le:r.i
that he has been sent from Cam,i Fuii
ston to ( amp Jackson in Sor.th Caro
lina. Not that the Carolina elimnt-T ii
any hrttcr than that of Kansa?, lvtr
that the move is a long step forr.irl
in the course of training of thoso Fun
ston men who havi been sent to the
Atlantic seaborad. Y'oung Yoakutn h.is
spent his furlough with his paren:-i in
Warren, returning to report at ca;n
Saturday night of last weok. anr5 'ha
next day be was sent to Caro'ira.
PROMOTE CENERAL COREY
Seek not by pravers to shake the
v.ili of Heaven. Virgil.
Mule don't kick according to no
rule. American Negro proverb.
LONDON". May 11 Brigadier Gen
eral Sand' man Carey, who command
ed the forco of British and American
troops which closed up the gap in the
British line between the third and
fifth armies in the early days of the
March offensive, has been promoted
to he major general.
ST. JOHN'S EPISCOPAL CHURCH
Sunday School 9:45 a. m. Morning
prayer and address 11 a. m. Wednes
day choir practice 7 p. m.
JACOB M. WHITK, Rector.
Regular religious services Will be
held in Don Luis Sunday. May 12, at
11 a. in. and in Warren at 8 p. m. on
the same date.
FIRST BAPTIST CHURCH
Sunday School 9:45 a. m. Morning
service 11 a. m. Theme: "A Friendly
Iotcr-ogatlon." The Gospel Team or
thi3 church will hold services in the
city park at 4 p. m.
Junior and Senior B. Y. P. U. 6:45
p. m. Seniors led by Group No. 2
Kvening service 7:45 p. m. Theme:
"Christ's Mission to the World."
Prayer meeting Wednesday 7:45 p.
m. Sunday evening service 8:00 p. m.
Prayer meeting Wednesday 8:00 p. m.
All are cordially invited to attend
these services.
H. C. COMPTOX, Pastor.
PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH
Sunday School 9:45 a. m. Morning
worship 11:00 a. m. Sermon topic,
"And Having Done all, to Stand."
Evening worship 8:00 Sermon topic,
"God's Use of Man's- Wrath."
Prayer meeting, Wednesday, May
15th, 8:00 p. m.
ALLAN KRICHBAUM, Pastor.
tf;3:j. ;-0:.-'t BKST IN THE LONG tl'JN- -ALi '
frj4 i -v c tz ;-:J?isL&&'Sz ..:' - W. . Su,m X ? ?
fin Mm mh? fPaROBjcM
WmmiM
METHODIST EPISCOPAL
Sunday School 9:45 Public worship
11. Mothers Day service. Ep worth
League meeting 6:30. Evening wor
ship 7:30. "Jerusalem."
C. W. HARSHMAN.
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE SOCIETY
Christian Science Society of Bishee
holds services every Sunday morriThg
at 11:15 o'clock In the Womans club
building on Quality Hill. Wednesday
evening testimony meeting at 7:45
The public is welcome and Invited to
attend. Subject for today "Adam and
Fallen Man."
Miss Lillian McSorley has asked for
a leave of absence for the coming
year in order to fit herself for junior
high work.
Miss Lydfa Sloan has resigned as
drawing supervisor in the grades. She
will go to Chicaeo where she will
enter the service of the government.
Mrs. Acnes Perry Anderson left Sat
urday morning for Phoenix where she
will i:-it for a f 'W days before leav
ing for Camp Funston to join h?r
husband.
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE
Informal Christian Science services
are held in Warren every Sunday at
11 a. m. at first cottage south of the
"Y." All are most welcome. Subject
for today: "Adam and Fallen Man."
Work in the niht school at the
high school ended Friday, cnmnletin
the year's work which hcwi last Sep
t ember.
Y BOYS HAVE FINE
TIME WHEN HIKE TO
WARREN IS STAGED
The boys hike to Warren and return
held yesterday by members of the
Y. M. C. A. Intermediate, Junior and
1 1. ;i. loved boys classes was a grand
(.uccess according to the 22 boys who
i ai . icipatcd.
in addition to walking to Warren
and back the boys stated a relay race
and played baseball at the Warren
j.uik. Ail had a very enjoyable after
tiocn. Physical Director James W.
.".iorloy is planning another hike and
:;'me other events for the association
hie h soon.
mm
J.1 WU Yj Sm TS Swi
: CmkJi Ttr imtkm4
ttftt ' V'' surety i
-JURETY big and safe as a bank reserve sure, as the testsd
;'f . ru... . i r i t . . j .
assayer s crucible backs up Goodrich Tested Tires. ,
in the bumper mileage, that harvest of 1,044.635
linear miles and 4,178.744 tire miles, piled up collective in 1917
by the Goodrich Test Fleets. East, west, north, south, as the light
and heavy cars of the famous Six Fleets mauled Goodrich Tires over
city pavement and country road, and mileage multiplied mileage, the
tires multiplied that surety with sensational mileage everywhere.
Goodrich's 1918 tires the handsome, husky tlre:3 of generous
masterful size any Goodrich dealer will show you bore the brunt
of that road warfare, and conquered America's roadj the breadth
of our land. How they measured up to Goodrich's confidence in them.
Throughout the Ions, rough going, SILVER TOWN CORDS, tnd
BLACK SAFETY TREADS fought the wors t roads without a flinch.
Goodrich'3 tough, black tread rubber defied the gnawing of the
road. The spiral-wrapped, cable-cord tire body took the pounding,
and came back with more mileage.
The battle royal tire testing proved Goodrich's
1918 tires have all the virtues of Goodrich Tires
and many new. It proved them the tires of dura
bility and dependability for roads anywhere in
America.
Get economy, comfort and security in tires
wherever yoa motor by demanding th tires
America's roads have tested out in 4,178,744 miles,
and crowned "America's Tested Tires."
i
:j
:5
1
r:
r
m
Yi A wireless
i
In m
Liberty,
"V. S. S."
Ctl t
THE B. F. GOODRICH RUBBER CO.
m
mi
mm
r
t.4 '
- J CITY OF GOODRICH -.AKUOM, OHIO. I ' ' . v.V
isbee Avto Company
Upper Main St
AGENTS
Phone 5 FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MAY 12, 1918.
Eljr Stslirc Daily SRmriciu
UBL1SHED EVERY DAY EXCEPT MONDAY BY THE
STATE CONSOLIDATED PUBLISHING COMPANY.
SULLEN A. CAIN
..Editor and General Manager
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
The Associated Press la exclusively entitled to tho
use for republication of all news dispatches credited to
It or not otherwise credited to this paper and also the
local news published herein.
All rights of republication of special dispatches herein
are also reserved.
Entered a Second Class Mail Matter at Bisbee, Arizona,
Under Act of March 8, '879.
Soldiers
Since that detachment of American and
French veterans of the Great War returned
to New York to help in the final days of the
Liberty Loan drive, there has been much
discussion in newspaper and magazine cir
cles of the respective merits and qualities
of the soldiers of the various nations now
engaged in this great struggle. The ten
dency seems to be to award the palm to
the Australian soldiers. It is a wide and
deep subject, and one that presents many
sides and angles. And the reputation of
a nation's fighting men cannot permanent
ly rest upon one battle or one war. The
supreme test requires a century or two to
establish. These Australians, fine soldiers
that they are, are fighting in their first war
as a national body.
A dependable and successful fighting
man is a matter of breeding and blood and
home institutions. More than one war;
more than one generation are required to
test and prove a nation's fighting powers.
By this standard British and French sol
diers rule supreme in the world. Ever
since the decay of Rome nearly two thou
sand years ago, France has been the fore
most fighting nation of Europe. Under
Charlemagne France conquered practically
all of Europe. Again and again she h,as
fought more or less successfully against
half and three-fourths of the nations of the
old world. Under Louis XIV she was su
preme upon the continent. Frenchmen
under Duke William of Normandy, a prov
ince of France proper, conquered England
from the Saxons and established the Nor
man dynasty on the tight little island that
has never been overthrown since. Under
Napoleon France completely dominated
Europe, and the French emperor used to
stable his horses in Berlin about once a year
as he swept across the Rhine to humble
Austria and Russia by turns or both to
gether.
It has been generally recognized
more than a thousand years that
Frenchman, under a great leader, is
most brilliant and daring and successful
soldier the world has ever known. He has
fought and prevailed against odds more
often than the soldier of any other .nation.
But he must have a great leader. He is but
an indifferent soldier under poor leader
ship. On the other hand the British soldier,
France's great rival ever since the Norman
conquest, fights the same under all circum
stances. He is as stubborn and unyielding
and as game and deadly in defeat or out
generalled or outlucked, as he is in victory
under a genius. British pluck under pres-
and the most unfavorable circum-
for
the
the
sure
stances has been proverbial in every court
and camp in Europe ever since the Roman
legions evacuated Briton. Hence England
has neyer really lost a war since William
the conquerer won the English crown at
Hastings. France, on the other hand, has
won greater victories and also suffered
more and greater defeats than has England.
The only other nation in Europe who
has soldiers worthy to be mentioned here
on the basis of their exploits in the last
thousand years, is Germany. The German
soldier has always been a stanch fighting
man, but not to be named alongside the
French or the British in the records of Eu
ropean wars the past few hundred years.
The German fighting man occupied the
limelight on the European war stage only
during the period of the Seven Years' War
under Frederick the Great. The rest of the
time the French and the English have dom
inated the stage, Germany, Russia, Aus
tria and Italy always playing second fiddle
as allies or opponents in the major events.
Not until 1 870 did Germany come into her
own, and then more because of French
mismanagement in high places than be
cause of inferiority of French valor.
The American soldier has always fought
well. He was of the best blood of Eng
land, France and Germany, and he was a
pioneer in a new country, hence his virility
and resource upon all occasions.
Ah, that is the point! That is where the
Australian soldier has the advantage over
the men of the more settled' countries.
Home institutions and teachings and cus
toms and environment and conditions, af
ter all, mould and make a nation's fighting
men. The Australians on the French bat
tle line have been compared often to the
men of the west and southwest in America
The same type. Big men, yet lean and
lank. Quiet men, used to danger. Taught
skill and coolness and resourcefulness by
the constant menace of the savage and the
wide plains and the mountain gorges.
Long years of peace and prosperity sap
a nation's strength and virility. Solid must
be the foundations and strong must be the
home institutions of that country that can
arise from! long indolence and easy habits
to face the stern test of war.
Blood will tell. Always. British and
French blood have always been and always
will be unconquerable. - The Australian
and the Canadian and the American are
the pioneer offshoots of these roots of an
cient renown. AH of them will fight to
the death for a cause in which they believe.
All will fight with skill and intelligence and
deadly resolution. The Teuton stock i3
also good fighting stock and none but
fools will deny that the German has fought
always with dogged courage andt often
with gallantry.
But to pick the supreme fighting man'
from all these heroic nationalities; that is
hard indeed to do. The selection would
be only a matter of opinion or a single bat
tle. But be sure that a thousand years of .
tradition and success on many ensan
guined fields are behind the allied soldiers
in France. Blood will tell, and the best
blood is on the side of the allies in this
death grapple, while Germany has but a
scant forty years of manufactured material
for her war machine. Training and prep
aration will prevail for a time, but in the
end blood and tradition are always irresist-able.
DEPARTURE OF CONSCRiPT SCOTT
Shenandoah, in Pennsylvania, is a fair
sized town, but only one of its citizens was
called in the latest group of the draft, re
marks the Tucson Citizen in a half humor
ous, half serious vein. To this conscript,
Mr. Henry Scott, a banquet was given by
the citizens of Shenandoah and District At
torney Daniel J. Ferguson spoke as follows:
"Old boy, you are done heaving coal for
a while. You are going away to be a sol
dier and the time to say good-by is near at
hand. When you get over there shoot
straight. Use well your ammunition. Of
course there are times when a country, ev
en a great country like ours, runs out of
ammunition. In such exigencies it will be
your duty not only to carry in your hip
pocket a razor but to flash it effectively.
Do your best, Henry, at all stages for your
Uncle Sammy." .
The distinguished draftee pulled down
the white waiscoat that he wore beneath
his Tuxedo the war has broadened men's
fashions and replied:
"Mr. Ferguson, I always carries a razor
on my person and I'm not particular which
side of the individual I use it on, front or
back. I am not a speech maker, but I
would certainly be proud and happy to
have my folks from old Virginia see me
here tonight. The time has come to say
'good-by and I'm going away to be a sol
dier. Good night, all."
Escorted by the Lithuanian Brass Band,
Mr. Scott marched to the station the fol
lowing morning and boarding a Pullman
started for Camp Lee, Virginia. The local
papers had a column about it.
If you read some time that the Prussian
Guard is routed by a large black American
soldier with a razor, that will be Private
Henry Scott, formerly driver for O'Hara
Brothers, coal, of Shenandoah, Pennsyl
vania, a democratic town.
"Well, what did you think of Lieut.
Perigord's talk in the City Park tonight?"
asked one Bisbee citizen of another on the
street Saturday evening after the rally was
over. "I do not see," replied the citizen
to whom had been submitted the question,
"how any man of draft age,- or a few years
over, for that matter, who has any health
and strength at all, could listen to it and not
go and enlist." The brave young French
idealist and priest and soldier brought to
the Warren district a wonderful and stir
ring story from that gallant, golden, glori
ous land of France. And his audience rose
to him. They cheered him again and again
It was not to him alone but fo France,
greater than ever she has been in the two
thousand years of her wayward, wondrous
reign as queen of the nations, that the Ari
zonans paid such an unusual tribute last
night. We are at war in earnest: heart and
soul as well as the body to fight and give
and to do for the cause.
j Sunday Morning Sermon
"For I say unto you. that unto every one which hath
shall be given; and from him that hath not, even
thafhe hath shall be taken from him." Luke 19-20.
These are probably the hardest, sternest
words that the gentle Jesus ever uttered in
all His ministry upon the earth. As to how
He really meant them we. can only conjee-
ture. They are certainly at wide variance
with all His other teachings and His acts,
for He loved the poor and lived with them
and blessed them. In fact, He was poor
Himself, having not a place to lay his head.
The sentence above is a part of the parable
of the three servants who were given ten
talents, five talents and one talent. It was
spoken to the man who had received only
the one talent and who had hidden it away
in the earth. And while no one believes
that the mild and merciful Nazarene meant
that this declaration should be taken liter
ally in all its implacable sternness, yet it
has been a true word in the world from that
day to this. It is the gentle Master's stern,"
true lesson to his children, to teach them
that wealth comes to those who strive and
honors to those who do things more than
passing well.
To him that hath shall be given. To
the rich man cometh new riches, blown
upon the wings of every wind that fills the
sails of his ships; brought across deserts
by his caravans; springing from the
ground; descending frcm the heavens. To
the famous comes new fame with every
day that passes. To the powerful come
new powers. The accumulation of world's
goods and honors seems to be a magnet to
attract others until the hill becometh a
mountain.
"And from him that hath not, even that
he hath shall be taken from him." Alas,
how true this is. The poor man's small
savings take wings and fly away. The ob
scure man strives in vain. The man un
derneath is thrust out of sight.
And yet the Nazarene, who issued this
decree of more joys for the joyful and
more woes for them that were full of wo;,
was Himself while upon the earth known
as "the Man of Sorrows." The little He
had was taken away from Him, even His
liberty and His life. His enemies, the
Roman government and the Jewish priest
craft, had much of earthly goods and pow
er, and these were multiplied, even as Jes
us decreed in His parable. And yet this
Carpenter's Son, who had nothing, had all.
He had His gentle piety and His unselfish
ness, and neither the Roman rulers or the
Jewish priests could take these away; no,
and they could not destroy them, for it is
upon these that the hope of the world rests
today.
And these pilgrims upon earth today,
who, having little, lose that also, may well
take heart from the Great Example of the
One who bared human nature and spared
it not. You may lose your money, for the
world's hands are outstretched for it; you
may lose your position, for the stern and
hard cf the world will not hesitate to take
it from you; you may lose your good
name, for the envious of the world will not
hesitate to darken it, but all the forces of
the world together cannot destroy your
own faith in yourself and your own respect
for yourself, and these, kept close together
always in the heart, emit a glow of con
scious happiness that never entirely dies,
no matter what else betide. You can al
ways be gentle and kind and fair and fine ;
no man or clan or circumstance can take
these away from you. You can cling to
your ideals and your sentiment and love
your old time friends. You can err on the
side of mercy and charity always and never
go wrong with yourself.
To him that hath these little thing3 that
are, after all so great, shall be given; not
gold, power or fame, but an inward satis
faction; the happy consciousness of hav
ing been better than we really are; of hav
ing risen a little above ourselves in the
long, hard, rough, selfish race of life.
To him that hath shall be given. The
Romans had everything. The Nazarene
had a cross.' Ah, but later He had a crown.
And we carry our crosses, large and small,
every day. But if we carry them with
courage and are gentle and fair with our
fellows and true to ourselves; if we smile
often and hum a little tune as we plod
along, surely when the soft twilight comes
to announce the great darkness, we, who
have so little, and who have lost so much
of material things, will, after all, have a
very great thing to sustain and lighten us
on that longer, strangrr journey that all of
the sons of men must take at the close of
some near or distant day.
Iand the superintendent called bis coa
gratulations upon this "shot" that had
I been drawn so fine that it moTed the
! shoulder and yet had not spilled a Bhv
' vlo rnrlr rirtu.-n I Ka mnnntiin H id ft-
aun " vuw "
"Not even a pebble hit the roof of the
oil tank." proudly declared one of the
men, waving his paw In a manner that
embraced the mountain side and all
that portion of the universe lying to
the southwest of his position.
Yes, old Sac hill is doomed. They
are probing around among its vitaU
right now.
THIS LITTLE GIRL'S
ROSEBUDS NEVER DIE
The newspaper man met a friend on
the street the other day, and, having
an eye Tor the beautiful, remarked a
red rosebud pinned on the lapel of
his coat. The newspaper man was
moved to comment upon the beauty
and the freshness of the rose bud
j against such a dark background. His
! friend received this praise for the
rose as a tribute due and worthy, and
then made explanation as follows:
"it is my little daughter's rosebud.
She has gone away upon a visit, and
the last tiling before she left she took
me out in our yard and pointed out
all the roses in bud and bloom and
gave them to me. They are hers, you
know; her own peculiar and private
property. Yes, she gave me her roses.
She said that a fresh bud was sure to
bloom every day and she desired that
I wear a new one every day for her.
And 1 do. Seems as if she is with me
when I look down at the flower."
And the man looked down at his
rosebud with eyes that saw not be
cause of the mist that fihnned them
and in which he saw the bright, beau
tiful face of his little girl so far away
and yet so near.
The newspaper man saw a brighter
light than the. sun and heard a sweet
er sound than the wind in the valleys.
Ah, 'tis a hard, stern, sordid old
world, to be true, but praise be. the
Master softened it and soothed it and
glorified it with the radiant glow of
sentiment for His benediction when
he sent it spinning.
j Poet's Corner
By Gill en A . (Bin
THE ACME OF MAN'S
POWER AT WORK
ON THE SAC HILL
Standing ou the crest of Sac Hill
the other day, this newspaper man
watched for hours with a fascinated
interest that completely possessed
him, the work of a steam shovel. The
horseleech's daughter of the scrip
tures never clung closer to a victim
than does this big shovel to the side
of tills mountain. It represents the
acme of man's power arrayed against
the most majestic and massive of nat
ure's creations, a mountain. The of
fensive of the steam drills and steam
shovels and powder blasts against
Sac Hill might well be compared to
the war on the western battle front.
As George Micr, superintendent, well
said: "We have no three inch guns
but we have three Inch drills, and our
steam shovel batteries might well be
called the heavy artillery of our of
fensive." If man has ever devised anything
that represents at the same time so
much cunning and power as the steam
shovol, this newspaper man has nev
er seen it in action. It is true that
steam engines, the locomotive, the
stationary and the surrace, possess
infinitely more horse power, and the
steam crane represents more actual
force, but they have not the cunning j
and the scope and the versatility of
the steam shovel. Kngines must run 1
on a track; they must revolve in one
orbit and work in a rigid line, doing
only one thing In ono way. But the
steam shovel works like a giant hand
with a human brain to direct it. It
has range and resource. Its power Is
more showy. In other words, it plays
to the grand stand. It "does impossi
ble things.
Watching this shovel load an ore
train the other morning, this news
paper man found himself bending for
ward with his hands on his knees and
shouting words of encouragement to
the big steel "dipper" as though, it
were a human being. Down went the
steel nose to the ground and then It
rooted forward like the prehensile
snout of a wild boar, right into piles
jof crushed and shattered rocks. One
of these rocks had not been shattered.
It was a liouldrr, weighing at least
j five tons. It was so large that It
would not begin to enter the mouth
I of the "dipper," In fad. It looked to
'hi; about three times ns big as t lie
'shovel that as "noiing" it about.
I Twice did the persistent, resourceful,
crafty "dipper" almost gut the boul
der, but both times it rolled off. Again
the steel snout slipped under the big
rock. Ah, a perfect balance this time.
Up and up! The rock toppled. And
it is an actual fact that that great
steel shovel juggled and balanced it
like one sees a sleight of hand man
balance the billiard cue on his chin.
Now it is steady and the boom swung
around and the shovel eased that
boulder off gently into the car.
And then back again, as quick as a
cat went the big hand and down it
went into the very bowels of the
heaps and piles of apparently unas
sailable rocks, for all the world like
a child's hand into a little pile of peb
bles. Rocks weighin? five hundred
pounds each were churned aside or
crushed or swallowed in the maw of
this "dipper." Around swung the boom
to the car. But the big boulder was
in the way. The great "dipper" did
not open .at the bottom and drop its
great load of rock. Instead it fum
bled around in an apparently aimless
fashion for a moment and then
"nosed" the big rock over and around
until it was out of the way. Then it
emptied its cargo in exactly the right
spot.
Some teamwork between the man
on the boom and the man at the en
gine inside the steam shovel proper.
Between thctu tiiey endow that steel
claw, swinging loose yet tense as an
athlete's hand, from its great chains
at the end of the boom, with human
intelligence and resource and accom
plishment. Never a word do they ex
change with cadi other, these two
men. and yet botli of them, the man
cut on the looni and the man back
by the engine, juggle their levers and
guide and handle that claw as though
their two sets of hands were directed
by one brain. It is uncanny how they
both think and act in the same groove
at the same moment.
Some of the steam shovel work on
this mountain side Is tremendous.
The explosions blast off great boul
ders and these are piled up as though
a part of the scene of the original
chaos of Ihe world. Too big for the
shovel, they slip off the jaws of its
cavernous mouth and slide about In
mcst rebellious and unmanageable
Isshion. The utmost of craft and
skill are required to make speed in
this work. The great rocks break
and splinter the ore cars. Itut there
are so many of them that they must
be bandied in this way. They cannot
all be broken up for the shoel. Wher;
the rocks are broken more and the
mountain composition is softer the
treat viocl goes troiih Hie piles
ef debris lil.e jui X-ti: I'lrouirli i hecse.
Uvcu among the mi.-sl stubborn rocks
the shovel loads an ore triiin in eight
een to twenty minutes.
That material progress has been
made on Sac hill in the past month
was apparent even to the untrained
and amateur eye of the newspaper
man. The four "benches" that lace
the hill from behind are cut in deeply
like the advancing lines of steel in a
battle position. It is as though four
great shelves had been cut iuto this
hill. Its sides are covered and carpet
ed and piled with boulders and frag
ments of shattered rock. In front of
this devastating line are the steam
drills. Then come the powder men
with their blasts. -Then the steam
shovels, relentless as fate. And last,
the ore trains that bear the mountain
i:ny. They are all here in this bat
tle that tl-e Phelps Dodge forceo are
waging 8?ain;-t the mountain. The
sappers, the engineers, the artillery,
the infantry and the lines of com
munication. A month ago the task looked to be
insurmountable. , Yesterday the ter
rors of the rock bound hill had depart
ed. It had been torn by powder and
tamed by the steam shovel. Its vast
ness had been reduced so that one
might see the approach of iu end.
The work has been defined. The
"benches" have assumed proportions
snd dimensions that are clear cut and
stand for something definite. And
these men who fleck the mountain
side like foam strands on the wave,
and who look so puny and insignifi
cant with their croAbar uud shovel
and drill, each enc of them has en
tered heart and soul into the battle.
They n feel and "sense" their prog
ress. Impossible things have been ac
complished. Granite difficulties have
been overcome; the giant Despair has
been overthrown by Greatheart.
This newspaper man could see a
different look on the faces of tho men
who arc fighting Sac bill from that
which be saw a month ago. The men
at the drills smiled. That man out
cn the boom of the steam shovel was
actually disdainful as he conquered
the big boulders, one after the other.
The Mexican with a crowbar grinned
as he rolled a ten ton boulder from
dangerous balance to a flat and com
monplace solidity at the foot of the
hill. The engineman flirted his ore
train around the curves in jaunty
fashion. George Micr actually talked
a little about his work, whereas a
month ago he had only frowned at
the mountainside and talked of other
things.
The mountain is "moving" on Its
way to the dump. Anyway, that is
bow It seems to the newspaper man
after a morning spent among the men
who are fighting so well on this bat
tle line.
They fired a "shot" that morning.
Three thousand pounds of powder un
der a shoulder. No noise at all. The
shoulder merely lifted in a helpless
shrug and a gray cloud arose above
the bubbling rock. It was a most
successful "shot." fcvery one said so.
Tho foreman congratulated the pow
der man and the lookouts bailed the
men on an ore train with joy. A
crimy man with a crowbar tamo
around Iroiu behind a' rock and waved
his hund happily to Gerald Sherman
PULL YOUR WEIGHT
The billows are heaving behind.
The breakers are foaming before:
We need all the strength we can find.
Each ounce you can put to an oar.
Are you doing the best that you can
To keep the old galley afloat?
Are you power or freight?
Are you pulling your weight
Are you pulling your weight in the
boat?
i
It isn't the task of the few
The pick of the brave and the
strong;
It's he and it's I and it's you
Must drive the good vessel alon;
Will ycu save? Will you work? Will
you fight?
Are you ready to take off your coat?
Are you serving the state?
Are you pulling your weight
Are you pulling your weight in the
boat?
Arthur Guiterman In Life.
I s
PICTURESQUE PARLEY
ALONG MEXICAN LINE
HARRIS SPUR. Tex.. May 11. Par
leys which are held between Mexican
and American troop commanders pa
trolling opposite bank; of the Kio
Grande in this sector of the Big Bend
district are picturesque affairs and at
tended by much of the color of the
southwest and Mexico.
A recent one was held at the Santo
Nino Ford, four miles below here on
the river where Colonel George T.
Langhorne, commanding the L'ig Bend
military district, and Colonel Martin
ez Ruin, commander of the Ojinaga
district opposite the Big Bend, met
and discussed ways of stopping snip
ing across the border which came
near causing trouble in this district
recently.
Drawn up on the American bank ol
the Uio Grande was a squadron of Un
ited States cavalry with a full field
pack on each of the saddles and the
men carrying their rifles and wearing
side arms. Young cavalry officers' in
command of these troops were clean
shaven, their boots were polished and
they wore the broad brimmed, low
crow ncd sombrero of the southwest
instead of the more narrow brimmed
regulation army hat. Civilian scouts
are attached to the American troops
with the characteristic garb of the
plainsmen: high hat, high heeled cow
boy boots, leather chaps or high leg
gings and leather coats elaborately
trimmed. They point the trails, read
the marks In the roads and trails for
the officers and guide the troops
through the passes and along the
trials of the unchartered Big Bend.
Coming out of a cloud of dust the
Mexican command appeared and dis
mounted opposite the American
troops. The commander and his staff
crossed the river on a flat bottom fer
ry boat to be received with the defer
ence due his rank by the American
commander and his staff. the next
trip the Mexican colonel's wife cross
ed to the American side, accompanied
by two of her friends from the Mexi
can camp. This rosy cheeked Indian
girl in her "middy" blouse, ridin?
skirt, and champagne colored high
shoes, was an interested witness to
the parley which was held under a
cottonwood tree.
While this was In progress Ameri
can and Mexican otticers fraternized,
discussed the gixxi points of their
rifles and pistols, rode the troop
horses and exchanged remiuiscences
of the camp and trail in broken Span
ish and Knglish. When the parley
broke up everyone shook hands wit.1
everyone else, the men from Mexico
piled into the flat boat and recrossed
the river shouting "adios" to the Am
erica'c; as they d;' appeared among
the foothills to their (amp in a can-von. THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MAY 12, 1918.
FIVE
CHANGE OF VENUE IS
DENIED IN CASE OF
MRS. ERNIE JAMES
Cases Will Be Called for Trial
on Monday Morning. Num
ber of -Prisoners Sentenced
Bootleggers for Roads.
TOMBSTONE. May 11 The court
this morning consioered the petition
of Mrs. fcruie James, charged with
assault with intent to cooiuul muruer
and John V. Koss, asking tor a euane
ot venue to fucson, on tne grounds
that the deiendant could not secure a
tair and impartial trial in this court.
The petition consisted of aDouP 400
names, and In such cases it is a mat
ter to be decided upon by the autre
tion of the court. County Attorney
John F. Ross contested tne petition
and showed to the court that tne case
was iiot one ot general interest, anil
that only 21 jurors out of the 75
subpoenaed to appear in court ylon
day pre from isisbee. Warren n4
Lowell, so that in all probability a
jury composed of men who have never
neard anything about the case would
be chosen to try it. Judge Lockwood
told the defendant's attorneys that
they would have plenty of opportunity
Monday morning on the examination
of the jurors to discover whether or
not the prejudice existed throughout
the county as they claimed, so that
Mrs. James could not be given a lair
and Impartial trial in this county. Tne
James' case is the first to be trluJ in
the new criminal settings for the bal
ance of May.
Criminal Calendar
The following criminal cases were
set for trial on the following daies:
For Mar Hta: State vs. Kiddle, for
selling intoxicating liquor. There are
three informations tiled against tne
defendant for this offense, tor May
23rd: State vs. Babe Waters, tor sell
ing intoxicating liquor, the defendant
being charged for two such offenses.
For May 2Sth: State vs. iiob Hill,
State vs. John Lapke; both cases lor
selling intoxicating liquor.
May 13th: State vs. Ernie James,
assault with intent to commit murder;
State vs. M. C. Denny, obtaining
money by false pretenses; State vs.
M. C. Denny, forgery.
May 14th: State vs Andres Tales,
transporting intoxicating liquor in
Arizona; State vs. Mamie Sorrenson,
grand larceny; State vs. Leo Riddle,
selling intoxicating liquor.
May 15th- State vs. Leslie H. Ross, '
graud larceny
State vs. Mike yeicu,:
assault with intent to commit rape;
State vs. Leanciro Rodriquez, assault
with a deadly- weapon.
May 16th: State vs. Jack Sherman,
selling intoxicating liquor. There are
six informations filed against Sher
man. y
May 17th: State vs. Francisco Mart-
inez. erand larceny.
May 20th: State vs. Koy Hearii,
murder.
May 22nd: State vs. Erick Dun, sell-
inc intoxicating liquor.
May 23rd: State vs. Johnnie Ar.ies;
S'ate vs. Maud Hill: State vs. Babe
LA C
"Horse Ssnse Economy
MOTORISTS v.-ho carefully select an
cirpenswo t:r3 and then "economize"
on tubes are "saving at the spigot and
wasting at tho bung-hole."
When an "inexpensive," leaky tube ruins
a $20 or $30 casing, it becomes an extxav-
4.
Diamond Tubes, made in either Gray or
Red rubber, are "horse-sense" economy. We
could have made them cheaper and sold
them more readily 3'-ears ago. But now we
have the permanent business of thousands
of motorists who, after costly experiment
with others, insist upon Diamond Tubes.
A Diamond Tube in a Diamond
Cat ing makes the Ideal equipment.
Zhc diamond Rubber Ca
i iico 'pomfvd )
AKRON. OHIO
trx 1 1 1,. j..'v "' ' . rr if i
PHELPS
Waters; all charged with selliug In
toxicating liquor.
May IMth: State vs. W. E. Walker,
selling intoxicating liquor.
May Z'tUi: Siaie vs. John Doe
Micheiti; State vs. IJen Edwards;
j selling intoxicating liquor,
i May 2Sth: State vs. Jack Ranuol;
State vs. Bob Hill; State vs. John
Lapke; selling intoxicating liquor.
The criminal calendar is now com
pleted starting with Monday, May i:;h
upto and including May 2Mh. Sev
eral defendants have been cited to
appear in open court on May isth tor
arraignment and setting of their cases,
co that the calendar will 110 doubt
run into June.
Prisoners Sentenced
The court also heard several pleas
of guilty as follows: State vs. Kauel
Juarez, charged with assault with a
deadly weapon, was given not less
than two years nor more than five
years in the state prison. Juarez as
saulted an oAicer in Douglas wliicn
resulted in several shots being Fred
between thein. The defendant ap
peared in court this morning on
crutches as a result of the wounds he
received in the affray.
In the case of State vs. Andy Moro
vich, Tete Rountick and Tony Molas,
the defendants were all given 90 days
at hard lahor, and 125 fine for trans
porting intoxicating liquor. The court
sentenced them under chapter t.5 01
the Session Laws of Arizona, 1913,
which act allows the superior courts
the right to sentence bootleggers to
hard labor, and under which statute,
County Attorney John F. Ross has
served notice on the court and at'or-iew
neys he means to prosecute all boot
legging cases from now 011.
In the two cases of State vs. Alex
Curdle, charged with selling intoxi
cating liquor, "Alex" pleaded guilty to
both charges. Judge Lockwood asked
Alex" if he was a good cook I
wliich the defendant told the court he
was, "If you won't sentence nie too
old "Ale;'- teWli, him the!!tne lb M "?
benefit 01 the doubt and sentenced him
to hard labor for eight months and a :
$25 fine in one case, and gave him a j
two-year suspended sentence in the j
oilier.
Marriage License3 j
The following marriaee licences 1
were issued by Clerk of the Court J. i
E. James, last week:
Jose F. l.opez. St. Louis, to wed
Maria Arreola, Douglas.
Pedro Dominguez to wed Maria
Caha'.los, Bisbee
Manuel L. Al'verez to wed Jassusa i
Ruiz, both of Lowell.
Stanley Roger Wright to wed Nina '
Archer, both of Bisbee. 1
gam Virgil, Tularosa, N. M.. to wed i
Helen Jackson, El I'aso.
Vsaac Torres to wed Angeles Flores, !
both nt Tombstone.
Carl Sidncv Richardson
to
Evelvn Russel, both of Bisbee.
u-rar Ue?aia t weci aiuo .eimeij,
both of :isbe. , struction that the lower court grant .snipping- orrseas a.iu me uutu
Clifford LeRov Firestone to wed to the ilaintiffs a trial of the ques- States government allows, the A. F.
Jes.-ie Dixon, both of Ft. H'lachuca. 'turns arc! matters pertaining to the , F. W. committees to ship l.OHO.OOO
Dennis M. Murphv. Deming, N. M..i three mines above. ..nd when the re- j surgical dressings each niont'i throucn
to v.ed Clvnn Gertrude Uleeson, h'l suit of said partial new trial is final-! the Red Cross at New ork. Thu al
raso. ' lv reached and a rinal cccounMng of ,lowan:e was made, after a conference
Cornelio A. Andrade. Nacozari. to the whole matter involved i the-.ehy 1 between this countrj- and the French,
wed Concept ion Valencia, Douglas. determined. o -niei- a judgment in ac-; w March. Ifil. for the duration of
Ailhou Reyiea Borroughs to wed ccrdance with the truth of the whole : "le war- ''e ;weu of the A. t.t.
Bessie Lea Ha'man. Dotn ol tsisnee.
Mr.nue! I;iraz;. Tombstone, to wed
Alvina Palomlras. Glees-'jn.
Hns Ovpson to w:'d Lena I'letcher,
,bcth or Bisbee.
Wesley Nicholson, Dos Cabczas, to
Local Distributors
- DODGE MERCANTILE CO.
FAMOUS MINING CASE
SENT BACK AGAIN
FOR FURTRER TRIAL
' 1
Cunningham - Costello Casej v"re ti,an 00 was added to tI,e
1 llisbee Lincoln committee's American
Decided in Part by Supreme Fund for French Wounded, through
. V r i r . ii? r M'10 TlS l-a' campaign conducted by
Court But Part Must Be Re-j tLe meniher uf lhe fund aat MonJq
irieA in Trvmri5rrn ' ia the Warren district, according to
tried in lomDStone. ,the report ()f Mrs M E M Frantzen.
I state chairman, to T. A. Egan, secre-
I tary of the Wnrren District C0111
PIIOEN1G. May 11 Romance and ! menial club. The report shows $9:11 80
tragedy are intermingled in the history i collected for 1S43 tags sold. Expenses
r r . , r,
mining tiuit which lias been in tne
courts .or many years and which ap
peared again yesterday in the supreme
court when that high triiiunal once
more passed judgment on it and again
sent it to i.Ue lower court for further
adjudication.
Both parties having appealed from I funds and that no additional cam
tne previous decision of the supreme j paigns by the AFFW will be conducted
court, the judgment rendered yester- j for the next few months. The re-
day wis a complicated one. Both
Cunningham and Costello are dead and
the action is between the widow of
Costello and the daughters of Cun
ningham. The former was represent-
j eti by Joseph Scott and Ben Goodrich
j 0f LoS Angeles, J. C. Casey of Tyrone,
Mexico, and Ellinwood and Ross
of Bisbfe. The latter was by William
B. Claary and Charles K. Morloot of
Bisbee unci at one time by the late
l.ugenb 0 Ives.
The case is based upon an account
ing which the heirs of Cunningham
demniulefl from Mrs. Costello involv
ing tb sale by Costello in lS!i! to the
Calumet and Arizona mining company
nd
other rich properties at Bisbee now a
part of the C. & A.
A half-interest was claimed in sev-
eteen mines which Costello sold for j we URe, for fhp tonch hospita:s in
nearly on- million dollars. Costel.Ojthe way of srpical dressings and for
had admitted a hah interest by (un-!,,,,. anibul?nce corps behind the firiiu
inngham in six of the mines sold in I Uncs Ju t,m Ajsne distrjct. e wish
1MI9. though the title was in Costillci to thank the.vomen. and especially
at the time and that releases signed by ,,:ref)0 scnool for selling so many
Cuuningbam's widow v. cre ineffective taKP, an wc extend our sincere thanks
in covering the rights ot the (laugh- to tnP Risbee and Lowell drug 00m
ters. The suit in 110 way effects the panics for the use of their display
present title of the mines which was windows.
"""led after 10 ye of litigation
which followed the flight of the origi-
" owner. James Dal iy .after the mur-
1" of a deputy sheriff. iho opinion
concludes:
The cause is reminded to the lower
court for the trial ot tne ceirroveneu j
! questions witn regard to tn? L,eo. Koy ; ui-nie inv are aisiriouieu d- i.ui
Tei'and Supplement mines only as a par-: l.end'ii:rrters to th districts and hns-
tial new trial m such respect, lonse-
quciuiy me mee i.-. i iii.iiui'-ii n.m m -
account as the ease is so finally cie - j
leimnieu. .
v.ed ilallie .i H iir, Will'ox
William H. Fox to wed Cotta A.
SmaUiv. both of Douglas.
l! .
!
n-s
Snf MM
mm ifm
--'"''"''ii. -
3
TAG DAY NETS NEAT
SUM FOR RELIEF OF
WOUNDED IN FRANCE
Ul fll.lJ HVI UlUU'lVU i I III Ilia MIT
tained. The proceeds will be used in
aiding French hospitals behind the
firing lines and for ambulance an3
refugee work in France.
Following the complete success of
the Tag day. Mrs. Frantzen, in charge
of the campaign, stated that they had
exceeded their expectations in raising
: mainder of the one week's campaign
blocked out was also relinquished in
courtesy to the general public.
Women Worked Willingly
Women engaged in the Tag Day
work gave over the hours from early
morning until late in the afternoon
to the drive. They eanvased through
the business districts of Bisbee and
Lowell, were stationed at banks and
in business houses and exerted every
effort to make the occasion a success.
Mrs. Frantzen lias expressed especial
praise for the manner in which they
worked and the appearance they pre
sented in their French uniforms.
"I wish to announce our sincere
thanks," said Mrs. Frantzen last nicht.
i "to the business people and the Bis-
j nee and lowell public in general lor
thefr generosity on our .Tag Day and.tion Vi JS lhl(!e yesterday following th.
1 fn ncenrp them that thf ninnev is
Send Supplies East
"The local committees ship
their
surgical supplies to New York to Va
cation War Relief. 26 W est Twntv-
'third .street, where they are refts-
sembled and thinned through th.? Red
uross ironi .ew i oru i" i-uns. r laii.-e.
pitois anoiea to tins commute. e
- - -
- - in eins uim-i
, . , .. ,i, ;.i,j
eianieiu sriiuuis niiu uic uuio.ivu
product. In audition we of this Jis- j
t"ct send monmiy jo lor uie upnecp
of our ambulance m rrance. ,
ijue ti. a misunderstanding of some
c haracter, tags which we?r to have :
been sent to Miss Riley's school fa'leJ
to reach the institution. The girls of
the schools, however, were ready and ,
willing to assist in the campaign, and!
had they received their allotment of :
taps would nae been material aids;
in bringing up the total day's work. '
RELIEF ASSOCIATION
ASSISTS MANY SINGE
FIRST OF THIS YEAR
Shoiv'r.g an expenditure of more
than $isu since January 1, 1K18, tem
porary i-hsistance given to eighteen
families of the Warren district, eight
iiistances in which transportation was
furnished, over forty cases of securing
employment, investigation of one case
of dessrtion, and other alleviations, the
report tf the Warren District Relict
assueia'ii n. just issued by Miss Ksther
t'uiiiinings, general secretary, indi
cates the activity of thu o.guniaztiou .
and the good work it is doing in the I
district. The report follows:
"A m-eting of the board of control i
of the Vai-r:W District Relief Associa-'
tion was held on May 6. at 4 p. in., in
the ortice of the school board. Central ,
School laiilding, Arthur Notman. vice- j
piesideiit of the association, presiding j
a' th i.ieeting.
"After reading of th-! minutes of the !
previous meeting held, a financial j
statement of the expenditures since
January 1, was given by the general ;
ser-retiirv. Mis Kstreer (.'uniniiiigs, as
! well as a report of the work done by ;
j the association for that time, the ti-;
I nancial Matement showing an expen
' iliture of $61.47 for all purposes in
connection with the work. In all. IS,
jf-imilies wero given temporary aid in
1 various ways, but such cases were
I given relief only when it was impos-1
sihle for them to help themselves. For
instance, amoiig the IS families inen
1 tion-'d, comprising over ru children,
i there were five widows left with chil
Ulien to mpporl. six deserted families,
and sx other families where illness
, iiiul aci ieeiit hail l;.-tl the cause of
distress for the time being, while one
poor family (Mexican I with four chil
dren ha.l lost all their belongings
through lire and was obliged to ree "ive
some leiiiporary aid in clothing, etc.
! Many of the families receive help in
the may o'. clothing only, in order that
their children may nit -ml school. A
I'ldviinately Ml al l icles of clothing
'and 4." pairs of shoes were distributed,
mostly to these families, and their
children who were attending school.
"Kig'it chk-s of transportation were
'furnished by the association, six of
'which were on account of illness and
'two mi account of desertion. Some
! Iraii'-ii ills were given aid, meals s"i't
'lodging, and secondhand clothing, in
nearly ve-ry case the parties being ill
and unable to work.
"Employment was secured on more
than 40 occasions, mostly for women
and girls, in the district, every effort
being made by the association to help
people in that way.
"The c-i.se of onfl deserted alien fam
ily was brought to the attention of
the board, and steps are being taken
to see what can be done in this par
ticular case, the mother having been
left with six small children to support,
and the father's whereabouts being un
known to anyone in the district, so far
as can be ascertained. In the mean
time the Warren District Relief as
sociation will see that the family is not
allowed to suffer, since the family is
not entitled to aid from either state
or county under the circumstances.
"The general secretary also repotr
ed that some other families in this
district were now receiving aid under
the Child Welfare board, where the
husbands of these widows were Amer
ican born or naturalized American citi
zens, wno were formerly given occa
ional aid through the association.
"The object of the Warren District
Relief association is to save the dist
rict all possible expense in the dis
tribution of charity unwisely, and yet
to show kindness and consideration in
all cases where aid is necessary. The
ossacioUo will give any and all cases
reported its prompt attention.
RED GROSS SPEAKER
TO VISIT DISTRICT
Airs. Lillian White speaker in the
servie-3 o". the American Red Cross so
ciety, and resident of Cleveland. Ohio,
one of the best known speakers of the
Buckee t-tate and a leader of the wo
me not hr state, will appear in the
Warren district on May 15, under the
auspices of the Warren District Rei:
Cross Announcement of the attrac-
receipt bv M. Newman, of lettjis from
those in churse of Mrs. White's tour.
. The entire day will be devoted to
Red Cr.-wr. work and Mrs. White wiil
assist in making the program a sue-
cess. At least one larg3 mass meet-
ing and rally will be held during the
h o r -rt.pr will
probably be arranged. Additional ,lc-
tails of the day's attractions will be
unnoun :ej later.
pD 7QR SAFETY
rL"';D,'
Ur AMtKILAIN A1K
PILOT IN HAWAII
Hv Review Ieasetl V'lre
HONOLULU. May 11 Anxiety is
felt for the safety of Major Harold
Clark, who started today on an iu-i
ter-island trip bv airulane.
He was heard but not seen in the
fog over the island of Hawaii, and his
motor was skipping. The elevation is
550u and the country mountainous.
F
COME
Diamonds,
L L
MAIN STREET
HIGH SCHOOL ANNUAL
PUBLICATION CREDIT
TO BIG INSTITUTION
Military color and spirit is injected
in "The Cuprite," the Bisbee high
school annual for 1913, published by
the students of the school in their
print-shop. The national colors are
shown frequently in the booklet. The
flag with H. H. Bennett's tribute to
the Stars and Stripes, forms one of
the opening pages; while one section
of the publication is devoted to the
members of the instiution now with
the colors. The publication is dedi
cated to Miss Hattie Malam, "in sin
cere appreciation of what she has
done and Is doing for the students."
The staff of the publication includes
John McCrea, editor in chief; Mary
Kathryn Salmon, assistant editor;
Mr. Crocket, chief advisor; Arnold
Baldwin, business manager; Elmer D.
Hoesch, printing manager; Bob
Thomas, athletics; Charles Edmonson,
cadet; Joyce Ralph, jokes; Ruth Pat
ton McNeil, society; Carl Hosmer,
art; Marie Hulbert. assistant society;
Ernie Johnson, freshman reporter;
Francis Smith, sophomore; Percy
page, junior; and Margaret Jeffrey,
senior.
Two color work with art of striking
design marks the publication from the
front cover to the back. In pages
which are devoted to "Our French
Children," and "With the Colors," a
color effect featuring Uncle Sam in
blue with the printing in black makes
effective presentation.
The faculty, the senior, sophomore,
innini And freahmnn lnuufa irft
! eiven snare The senior class Dlav.
"The Thread of Destiny,' is next fea
tured, with cast and display scenes.
Artwork features the section given
over to the graduating class, each se
nior student being represented with
photograph and brief history. Cadeu
and athletics sections take up a large
part of the publication, and are fea -
tured by display photographs and two
, . ' ,J , ' 5V""U
Nokes 8,v accurate ideas of the work
' d,e b' th "Indents. A calendar of
i the year closes the publication. The
: 1 -i. t-k 1 : . : .. ,i
j Cuprite is the latest year book ever
gotten out by the students of the high
school.
WANT NEW DELEGATES
MOSCOW, Tuesday. May 11. Ger
many has informer Foreign Minister
Tchitcherin that owing to the change
in the Ukrainian government, the
peace delegation which had been ap
pointed to conduct negotiations with
Russian renresentaMves at Kursk
must now be entirely reconstituted.
It is added that as the general politl-
ial situation has chaneed. Germany
, wishes the .peace pour purlers Be-
J t ween Russia and the Ukraine to be'
held at Kiev, where Russia is invited
I to send delegates.
P
n
ARE THOSE THAT
FROM THE JEWELER
Economic conditions brought on by the war make it im
portant that Gifts be of durable nature. The spending
of your money for some article that may be kept and
cherished as a momento of a happy occasion, is in keep
ing with the "Win the War Spirit."
LOVE, HAPPINESS, FRIENDSHIP, RESPECT, AND
GOOD WILL ARE SYMBOLIZED IN SUCH GIFTS
AS DIAMONDS, WATCHES, JEWELRY, SILVER.
CUT GLASS AND KINDRED ARTICLES.
If you are undecided on the Graduation or Wcdcins
Gifts, step inside and look over our display. It i a
pleasure to show our goods, offer suggestions and nsiist
in making selections.
Watches, Silver, Cut Glass
GILM
BETTIS FEARED HE
COULD NOT RECOVER
Has Gained 13 Pounds on
Tanlac and Says His
Trouble Is Over.
"One day, about four months ago,"
said Thomas A. Bettis, a valued em
ploye of the Burrus Mill t Elevator
company, who lives at 19 Fulton
street, F. Worth, Texas, recently, "I
was struck with a pm'n in my side and
many troubles followed.
"1 had always been well and
strong," Mr. f?ttis continued, "and at
the tune this attack came, I was
weighing 205 pounds. But in short
while I dropped down to 173 and my
health went all to pieces. My food
would sour, causing gas and frightful
pains in and about my stomach. At
times it was bard for me to get my
breath and my heart acted so peculiar
that I became alarnvsd, fearing I
might have some kind of organic heart
trouble. I was constipated all the
time, my kidneys were weak and out
ot order and I was told my liver was
abscesaed. The best of treatment and
the many medicines 1 took all failed
to improve my condition and I thought
1 would never get well.
"My wife, who had been keeping up
with the Tanlac testimonials, insisted
on me trying it. and 1 am glad to testi
fy that it just fit my case exactly.
Before I got Tanlac I was suffering
with an awful burning sensation from
my heart all the way down Into my
stomach, but this gradually disap
peared and at the same time the pain
went out of my side. As I got so
I could cat and digest my food, the
gas stopped forming, my haart action
improved and my breathing became
free and easy. It was nothing less
j than remarkable how quickly I picked
iuo niv strength and in a month's time
I have regained thirteen pounds of
my lo-it weight. I'm not constipated
tow at all. my kidneys are in good
shape and, in fact, nothing bothers
me at all.
"My mother, Mrs. Prescilla Bettis.
of Morristown. Tenn.. has also ob
tained wonderful results from Tanlac.
She was in an awful run-down condi
tion and had rheumatism so bad she
could hardly walk for two years. Now
she's ap and about just the same as
if nothing had ever been the matter.
We can't speak too highly or Tanlac."
Tanlac is sold in Bisbee by J. M
Ball, in Douglas by Douglas Drug Co..
in Paradise by G. A. Walker, in Bowie
: by Bowie Drug Sfbre. in San Simoa
by J. B. Cooke, in vtiucox oy a. a.
Nicholson, in Lowell, by Lowell urug
Co., in Gleeson by B. A. Taylor. Act.,
;
Be sure your sin win rtna you oui
Moses.
La
BISBEE, ARIZ.
AN SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MAY 12, 1918.
Presenting the New Summer Apparel for Women and Misses in an Interesting Display !
.m paM CM MMaMr- ' '
Complete stocks of women's and misses' Summertime apparel are here and add their cheerful beauty to our general assortments from which selections can be made
with such happy advantage. ' . .
Only the very best styles are included and developed from the finest fabrics. Their beauty and refinement hes in their simple slender lines, choice use of trimmings,
in contrasting materials and varied uses of colors. There, are models here for every type of figure and no matter what one's clothes requirements are, the correct answer
is here.
A Interesting Display of Women's Silk
Suits for Summer Wear
It is surprising how carefully every detail of
these suits is worked out. . How carefully the
styles are designed to bring out women's best
lines and there are styles for slender, medium
and stout types. ,
The materials have been selected with care
and adapted to each particular style. TKey are
suits that have been tailored with extreme
care. An expert custom tailor would find it
difficult to distinguish these suits from those
he makes. The materials are Taffetas, Baron
; ette Satin, Faille Silk, Roshania Crepe, etc.,
the colors are oyster grey, Belgium blue, navy,
black and white with vests, belts and embroid
ered collars in harmonizing colors. Priced
from $35.00 to $80.00.
Mid-Summer Millinery
Very Original
There is a characteristic difference somewhere
about our hats that distinguishes our Millinery
from others in winsomeness arid style features and
there is enough diversity in our assortments of
modish millinery to
satisfy all demands.
Right now we are
presenting many ex
tremely smart models
for dresses and even
ing occasions. Scores
of other hats for busi
ness and afternoon
use. Every single hat
coming in favored straws, in the most becoming
shapes, depicting many delightful color harmonies
in their pretty trimmings.
Of especial interest are the all white millinery
for Summer.
$d.00 SPECIAL OF EARLY SPRING MODELS
Classy Voile Dresses at $15 to $45
'A real summer atmosphere is presented in these airy dresses of
Voiles in all colors and combinations .handsomely adorned with' fine
laces and embroideries. In all the latest style creations.
Women's, Misses' and Juniors' Gingham Dresses
, A showing of gingham and linen dresses that will be of much in
terest to women or misses who are looking for service as well as style
in dresses that will wear well for many months, beautifully trimmed
with pockets, belts, large collars and piping in white and colors.
Priced from $5.00 to $25.00.
Sil kDresses for the
Stout Types
Suits with a youthful slender
charm, Serges, Wool Poplin, Wool
Jersey and Hair Line Strips in col
ors as navy, brown, etc.
Wooi Suits for the
Stout Types
Dresses exquisitely fashioned of
Crepe de Chine. The colors are
Navy, Green, Brown and Black, in
styles that are sure to please.
We Have Received Some of the Pret
tiest Dresses; Priced from
$191.50 to $90.00
You will be delighted with thb new shew
ing of dainty Summer dresses. They consti
tute the creations that are at the present time
reigning in high favor.
The assortments include models suitabb for
all occasions of wear fashioned with the richest
looking materials you ever saw.
Women and misses of all heights and builds
and of all ages will have no trouble in rr.ckir.s
numbers of becoming selections from the vari
eties presented for choice.
Some are of Crepe de Chine in combina
tions with silk jersey sleeveless jacket effect in
Kelly green, turquoise, blue, etc. Others are
of silk ginghams, foulards, jerseys and com
binations of Georgette and tafetta.
A PRETTY DRESS
For Every Girl's Graduation
Surely no little girl's gradu
ation will be marred by the
lack of a new dress when we
are selling such becoming
ones so moderately priced.
They are made of such beau
tiful lawns, voiles, nets and
organdies. Each dress seems
to breathe the spirit of the oc- .
casion.
They reveal their simple ele
gance in neat embroideries
and lace trimmings, others re
vel more in tucks and ruffles
for their marks of distinction.
Their verv variety is almost
bewildering yet what satisfaction it will be to
choose from these. Come, bring your daughters
here and let your girl enjoy the wonder of wearing
these pretty dresses especially suited to graduation
festivities.
i
40 Inch
Georgette Criepe Special
$1.85
a
Yard
This low price is very unusual
for this fashionable fabric that can
be used in endless combinations
with ether materials and comes in
all the newest shades for summer
frocks and blouses.
Many women like a dress or
blouse made of Georgette Crepe to
add to their summer wardrobe.
An extra good weight worth
$2.25 the yard when sold in a reg
ular way. Special for Monday at
the yard .".. ..$1.85
Regular Width
Plain Color Taffeta Special
$1.59 Yarf
The variety is immense. You
will find the new shades of the
season in a delightful variety and
you will find old favorites in the
most satisfactory showing, in fact,
almost any shade you want can be
found here. This number is one
of our very best sellers and is an
. exceptionally good bargain. Spe
cial for Monday only at, the
yard $1.59
''it
' (J
34 Inch
Mohair Skirting Special
79c
a
Yard
Prettier than these have never
been taken from a loom. That we
are fully justified in saying so you
will admit once their coloring qnd
patterns- come within range of
your vision.
The season's best fabrics for
skirts, suits and dresses in plain
colors,-stripes and plaids.
An extraordinary value for
Monday. Special at the yard 79c
40 Inch
Summer Voiles Special
45c. v
a
Yard
Every woman who sees them
will immediately think of the in
expensive afternoon dresses that
can be made at home from them.
For such a price, the voile is of re
markably good quality. All colors
in the newest stripes and designs
.on white ground.
This is an extra good value in a
width that cuts to the best advan
tage at the yard 45c
Children's White Dresses
Such lovely little white frocks for girls from.
6 to 1 4 years are not to be found every day,
dresses of voiles, organdies, lawns, etc., daintily
trimmed with laces and ribbon sashes, priced
from $4.50 to $15.00.
Misses' Gingham Dresses . .
New arrivals in Misses' Gingham Dresses from
1 4 to 17 years in one-piece straight, line effect,
bustle effect and two-piece coat effect in stripes .
and Scotch plaids, $5.95 to $13.50.
Silk Gingham Dresses, 6 to 14 years, $1.95 to
$17.50. V ;
A Manufacturer's Sample Line of Hand Bags and Purses
To Be Disposed of at About One-Half Price
This lot includes Patent Leather, Pin Seal, Silk Cloth, Walrus and
fancy leathers in a large variety of styles to select from.
SEE OUR WINDOW DISPLAY
These go on sale tomorrow Monday Come early and make your
selection as this opportunity will not occur agian owing' to the rapid
advance in price of leather.
Ten lots will be displayed on our Bargain Booth as follows :
LOT (1) 49c LOT (2) 98c LOT (3) $1.49 LOT (4) $1.98
LOT (5) $2.49 LOT (6) $2.98 LOT (7) $3.49 Lot (8) $3.98
LOT (9) $4.49 LOT (10) $5.98.
0H
New Johoco Naincook
Sheer Japanese Quality Nainsook in colors of
pink, blue and yellow. The very cloth you have
been looking for to make your summer lingerie.
40 inches wide, 1 0 yds. to the box, at $3.50 a box
Spring Ginghams 20c Yard
27 inch ginghams in stripes and checks at 20c
the yard and much below what we would have
to pay for them if bought at the present market
prices and the quality is of the highest standard.
Let the Hoosier Cabinet Cut Your Kitchen Work in Two $1 Down and $1 a Week
You will never realize what a time and effort saver this
cabinet is until you have one in your kitchen, and beiides
making your work easier to do, it lessens the number of
hours you must spend in your kitchen.
Tl-i it BP '41 rl XX-V
tiff
iQJff
A Good Refrigerator Means Health Insurance, Food Economy, a Profitable Investment
Hard to equal
for Value
and Conven
iences, .and
will plea s e
you better ev
ery day.
U. S. Food Administration License Number G-13942
The GOOD REFRIGERATOR is the Leanord Clean
able. You will be delighted to learn that this superior
refrigerator is the most scientific, the most convenient,
the most economical, and considering its manifold ad
vantages over all other3, the most moderately priced
refnger a t o r
produced i n
America. Ice
Boxes and
Refrigerator s
from $7.50
ap.
f
fHrTTfi; fr '"T' i f
yl. 0 ; j I
f kL 1. 1; I
UnHNH(MWMN