WEATHER.
VRIZ.: Wednes
day ra-r; cooler north
po.titu. Thursday
lair.
MARKETS.
Government Price cf
Copper, 2150.
Associated Preis Special Leased Wire Service.
VOL 20. No. 178.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY MORNING, JANUARY 2, If
PRICE FIVE CENTS
Mmtin
COIL TRAINS
1 MI
AS RESULT DF
NEW ORDERS
Rail Congestion Is Struck j
Body Blow by Fuel Admin- i
istralion in Effort to Sup-!
ply New England. i
(By Review Leased Wire.) j
WASHINGTON. J-n. 1. "oali
trains went forward today under
new poveTiaeiit orders bast-d on the
telief of Director General MrAaoo
that railway congestion rather than
cmi:-.! thr.rij. w-rnjihie fur rhei
......... . that the rloisneviKI nave arrebiea ice, - - . --- -.
faei famine iu .aay oUtrtcts. , members of the American railway mis- home lh country ,s fMn
I pon re.-eip:s o! re.rts that hun-j sioa at Irkutsk. Siberia, says a dis-1 toetubl.sh mem in international rel
crc is cf looted ctrs were rtalied on . patch to the Exchange Teletrraph ! auo"R-
siciings al! existing priority orders ! from pe-rograd. X)T mnvs 'c!c,r- for our cause
.'or the entire countrr were suspended r danger to the very existence of
by Kcert S. l.oveu, priority director The rnited States railroad eommIs-'cur cation.- pays the address. Wita
perrri. This i.s ex.w W to result :n.,iCn to the Russian government ar-!ur nation at stake, individuals can
quicker movement or the entire inass: rived in Petrograd last June and untUl110' wterpose opwsiticn to the war
of ccricestej frelF'a-w 1 the recent Bolsheviki disturbances had declared by the will of the ra-
Before Congress Friday. ! ben activelv engaged in assisting the ! ,!on's representatives. 1'ndirr the ex-
President Wil.soa. it was learned I Ra-slan railways out of their operat-' Penries of war. opposition to the war
tou!?ht. will go before congress Fri-jing dirriculUes. ; declared by constituted authority be
ds v to present Lis r-co an.erdatioas! The personnel of the commission. eotues treason.
fo' letisiatwn to mase goveriiinent; hkh as not officially announced,; "A fcile there is true there is even
.p?ra.iou ful'.v ctffctive and to pro-! follows: more thpn ordinary ced for the main-
vii'e for coniper.satn uf the carriers.; Joan F. Steven- r New York. for-!nance of the riehts of rien end wom
and 'ei-lancn wticn iias alreai ! mtr chief engineer f the Panama ca-j en and for careful scrutiny and the
been drawn w":i be introduced iia-nal. chaiiman: W. L. Darting of St. : fullest discussion of policies and
ir,tdiateiv a:ter uis adaress. Some of f Paul, chief engineer of the Northern ! cie hods before their adoption. The
ficials think there will be a vigorous! Pacui-r railway: Henry Miller of St.: time for labor to interpose its needs
:-t:ht over the queikc cf whether the, Louis, former operating vice president j and contentions is hile policies are
ieislitioa s'jouii be elective ozly! of the Wabash railroad; George Gibbs in the making,
for tie period of the war and a limit- of Philadelphia, former clref mechan- Autocratic Force,
ed tire ti!-re?r'er. or shou'd regain i U al eneineer of the Pennsylvania rail-j "The fighting and the concrete is
i" fcri-s ua'-I spex i:i;a!!y re-ealed crlroad. and J. P. Griner of Baltimore, j snes, ofthe war are so far removed from
modified by cou-ress. chief roBsnltins engineer of the Ealti-J tie peo; le of , cur cor.tryjthatnot all
i.V .rT.:'-o-i.e ti-e lafrvwis , more rad Ohio railroad. 1 of oue citiie.'is have a f'lll unit-rs.and-
were to have appeared tomorro- be-j Chairman Stevens had the rank of . ing of the issues involved. An un
fore the senate interstate commerce ; minister plenipotentiary to the Rus-1 derstanding cf the principles of auto
ct'miui'itee but when word came that;isn government, but his appointment , cratic force, whi. h the central powers
the president desired to address con-; did not infringe on the status of David ; desire to substitute for the real prin-
sifss Kridav they asked perwission
to wi-.hhoid their statemt nts. The , cor.
eo"iBiiuee instead will hear Commis- A du patch from Tokio dated De
s'oner A;Utison of the interstate com- cember 27 said Mr. Stevens had ar
.irmiir,n a then i,rohablv rived at NagasakL Japan. December
postpone further bearina untii the! 19 from XTadivostok and that be had , principles at issue, labor has an ad
president s mefsate "has" been reciv-' reserved the accommodations of anjditicnal interest in the war. This
! entire hotel in Nagasaki for 320 mem- war is jn the l?.st analysis a people's
Govemrr.er.t Determined. j hers of his staff who accompanied ucr labor's war. The final outcome
rvrector General Vcdoo ordered I nim- Tne dispatch also carried a! will be determined in the factories,
iha' the ivr.nj ivania cxmpanVs tun-1 statement from Mr. Stevens in which ;tbe niii!s. shops. ?ne mines, the farms,
nei uuder the H.niscn rivet, hereto-! he declared it was his intention to re-.the industries and the transportation
fore resta ted extlusivelv to pas-l turn IO Russia with his staff and re-, agencies of the various countries.
,inc hp n.xt tc hnsin coal.n"'ain tnere as ,on as ,npr cou,d ! That sroun of countries which can
supples into tne heart of New tork
cry. The ac.io ws consi.iereu sis
nifksnt by raun ad men because it in
dicated hew uetern:ined the govern
ment is to use ail fafiiities to their
lituiot. retarilrss of previous prac
tices, to pmr.icte efficiency.
At the first conference of Mr. Mc
Adoo in the hew year wi:h his ad
visers and exec utives, it was decided
in ral additional ships now conlrol-
hr fho liinT.in hoard into service'
carrying cuai jro.a n" .w-"",
to New h-nei-ina. in- Duuiuer 01
se.s wrun can w r
termined tomorrow. !
Clearing Up Confusion. 1
HUE-Jreas ot teirams pu. ;
the railroad administration told otbivt. n at irkutiik. "rhey probably
coal trains or individual cars appar-
entlr lot in yatd cotausion. These
reports referred to railroad execu
tives with instructions to clear out
the stalled rrvU-ht as fast as physical
lv possible.
" Ksrty actt-'a to d'vide the counry
into opraion districts, with a gov
ernment s'jtervi5or over each, ana
possibly a red-ral railroad agent forjtnere fa no Abifatttoi to curtaa the
ech state, has been ur?ed strongly j work of laiu-a h.bilitation begun !
vron T irec tor General McAdoo and he nnder the Kerensky provisional gov-,
is said to be considering this policy.
FRICE FIXING LEGISLATION
(liv Review Leased Wire.)
WASHINGTON. Jan
Ing legislation, urged
1. Price fix-1
by President j
Vi!nn in his recent message to con
rr-ss. Drobably be given early con-'
sideration in the senate, it was learn- j from Russia said that Mr. Smith had cause the Netherlands government re
ed today. Senator Pomerene. who ' been taken into custody while in com- fused guarantees not to permit dairy
was at tt.e White lloue yesterday. pany with M. Oustrougoff. former as- products to go into Germany, will be
has a bill authorizing the president , sistant minister of railways in Rus
to fix priresfor steel and iron on sia. who was arrested by the Bol
which the interstate commerce com- j sheviki because of his affiliation with
mitten already has held hearings. An ; the prcvisonal government,
amendment to extend the provisions! ,
to farm implements has been suggest-j WRITER DECLINES KNIGHTHOOD
ed. ar.d memlicrs of the comniitee are j LONDON". Jan. 1. It is officially
said to regard it favorably. Steel and announced that John Gals wort hj's
iron prices now are fixed by an acree-: name was included in the list of new
ment between the producers and the year knights issued today through an
war trade board.approved by the pres-i
ident,
I
MUSEUM TAKEN OVER
IV-T Review leased Wire!
LONDON. Jan. 1 The Star says
the government has taken over the
British museum to be used as offices
fcr the air board.
The British muse'im. which was
founded in 1753. contains antiquities,
drawings, prirts and a library of more
than IM'O.O'M) volumes, besides nu
merous manuscripts and sharters.
Bandits.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
Si
NOG ALES'. Jan. 1 Three towns t
wre raided and looted and a '
Southern Pacific de Mexico train
held np yesterday by bandits op- j
erating between here and Cananea.
Sonora. according to reports reai h-
in:r here today. Three hundred
federal soldiers have been ordered
from Hermosillo to take up the
pursuit of the marauders. '
MEMBERS OF THE
- RUSSIA IN JAEL
Petrograd Reports That Bol- J
sheviki Has Imprisoned the g
a l r A : ,
memoer ui muaiuui 4W
Mission to Russia.
j
(By Review Leased Wire.) j
RAIL MISSION TO
LONDON. Jan. 1 It is reported;"- - -ua
. " ". . .'. . i . j .i'Ods of demoeracv are maintained :it I
K- Francis, the Amencan amoassa-
of any assistance to tne. ttussian peo-
P'e-
WASHINGTON. Jan, 1 No word'
from offical sources had reached the
state department tonight Regarding
the reported arrest of members of the
Amerkan railway mission at Irkutsk.
The department's communicstion with i
Russia has been very irregular, how-i
ever, and officials would not be sur-
prised if the report were true. An in-,
will b? s-ent to Ambassador
anri3 ,t petro?rad at ODCe.
Although several railway units. each;
roniprisine hundred men. are
in Siberia to assist in improving con-
d it ions on the trans-Siberian railway.
it u thought that only a few could
i are scattered in small
aetaenments j
along the entire route.
iucie UiJic wtu ll-Mllvui IUUJUI.
that the railwav mission was about to ' 7 7 " " '
.... , - ... . a understandm- and grasp of the sttua-
withdraw and return to this country.' . .;
but the state department has indicated 01" . ...... ,...,
. ... . . ... i Mr. Gompers quotes at length from
that the men would be k-ept at their! ' . . M, ... ...
. , . , . ... . ... (he declaration adopted by labors re
posts, and that although recognition . . K " , ,.,
cf the Bolsheviki regime is withheld
emmeTit
The American embassy at Petrograd j
reported to the state department last
Wednesday that Charles S. Smith, a
member of the railway mission, had I
been arrested at Tchita, Siberia, but;
had be-n released after a few hours
of detention. Eariler news dispatches
error. It appears that Mr. Galsworthy ,
beeged to be allowed to decline the j
offer of knighthood and that his name
was included in the official list owing
: to a misconception of his wishes. j
!
RICE MAY BE RECALLED
LONDON Jan. 1. Sir Cecil Spring
Rice and Lord Bertie, according to the
Daily Chronicle, will shortly retire
from the British embassies at Wash
ington and Paris. The newspaper adds
that it is rumored that Sir George
Buchanan is about to resign his post
as ambassador at Petrograd.
LABOR'S WAR
DECLARES THE
PRESIDENT OF
FEDERATION
Samuel Gompers, in New
Year's Message to Labor,
Asks Complete Co-operation
With the Government.
(Py Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. Jan. 1 In a now
years creetina to a'.l organized li-bor
Samuel Gomners. president of the
Amen. au
American Federation f Labor, calls
.!pcn rt.j,res,matj,es,
and ortanizers
to HiiV.e plain to their feilows the issue-
involved in the war and the otlia-
lion that devolves upon ail citizens.
j!10. "lt tb .in'r!fn J
cipies or freedom, mskes clear to all
citizens of this renublic the effect of
our possible defeat upon their own
lives and activities.
"in addition to the fundamental
,ost successfiinv organize its agen
ties of prod u tic n and transportation
'and which can furnish the most ade-
cuate and effective
a?pnrps with!
u.hioh TO conduct the war. will win.
-Tne nrtrs Dave a par, j thisi
ro-eaual with the soldiers and!
iioTS on tae ship3 anJ the, trenches. I
Production Indispensable.
Continuous production is an indis-
penscb!e prMTH,risite to production of
s.inTIi, The EOvem-
mnt ,' ,Q ,h rL ra th.m.l
1 aalrAo ic i t n 1 1 t- intarsvctA in miin. !
ta.ain 8Urh j-jons that Uiere
shall be no occasion Tor interruption j
in production.
"The chief responsible agents of:
the government have shown a desire i
' to be fair and an understanding of;
tJ)C numan eIements involved in this
problem. The organized labor move-
, . , cv .1.- K..l
fth ar.d firm the reso atKh ot I.
P,!?a,,. ""7"" f
ff,'Pn of Ir,'b?r,0,,"Lns
wor-
0 PROMISE, NO CAKE
Bv Review leased trei
WASHINGTON. Jan. 1. Fifty thou-
sand tons of linseed rate, originauy
consigned to Holland, but held up be-
sold at the request of the consignees.
In making this announcement to
night the food administration said it
: hoped to dispose of the cake for con
sumption in New York. Pennsylvania
and New England in order that It
may not burden railroad facilities, and
because it will furnish a large portion
of the concentrated feeds needed this
. winterand spring in that part of the
country.
COAL TO BE DIVERTED.
iw Review Leased Wirel
MINNEAPOLIS. J?n. 1. Coal in
transit which is not Intended for
domestic cr.Ttsiimi'tion or use by a
public utility may be se'zed by fuel
ad'ninistratrr ami di"er?ed to d
mes'ic or p'ibllc ittili'y use if neces
sary to avert suffering, according o
a telegram rerelved today by J. F.
McGee. fuel administrator for Min-
nesota from Dr. II. A. Garfield, ted-
jeral fuel administrator. j
TARDIEU SAYS
ALLIES FACE
HARD PERIOD
OF WAR AHEAD
' French High Commissioner
i
I Tells, on Arrival at New
York, of Some of the
Needs of Fighting.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
AN ATLANTH lORT. Jan. 1. The
ra.ente allies ire entering the hard-t-s
peiiod cf the war. but a period
which i!I prove richest in decisive
results, "if e know how to p!ay a
go.d gaitie and if- issue will be de
cided ia the nxt his months." accord
ing ;o Captain Andre Tarlieu. French
high commissioner to the I'nUed
States who retu.-ned to this country
today. He will so to Washington to
motrow. The WL'missinner first arrived in
this coJntry last May. He returned
to France in November and his gov
ernment decided to continue his of-
ik ial title for a period of six months.
While Captain Tardieu "pointed to
he possibUity cf a strong German at
tai k on the.westtrn front dnrinjr this
winter, he is "absolutely confident
that it wiil be another Verduu." nt
dtilared in a stttem nt.
1 he drgency of an enormous econ
omic el fort was emphasized by the
French representative in this state
ment: Economic Effort Necessary.
"The battle is aot only on the bat
tlefield. I have told the French, ith
complete lianknss. what America
expects troni thei in tne way of re
':i" ttor.s -nftTPv -sacrifices. I o.i
co.iting back to explain here the ne
cessaty sacrifices that France and her
ailies are expecting from America for
victory."
Men. wheat, oil. ships and loco
motives are the things most needed
aud which America is able to give.
Captain Tardieu said.
Ey way of tribute to Colonel E. M.
He use. who headed the American mis
sion to the inter-allied war conier
rnce in Paris, Captain Tardieu said:
Praisss Col. House.
"Thanks to the presence of Colonel
Houm- aud his associates the inter-al
lied conference has done excelleiit
vork. It was necessary that the gov
ernment of the United States should
i.-srt its will and capacity to take,
in Furopc. the part which belongs to
America in the direction of the war."
"The French army has never been
more maznificent." the llritish army,
"is eoually superb" and "the Ameri
can army, is increasing day by day,"
Captain Tardieu said in speaking of
the morale of the allied forces.
That he n.icht retain his commis
sioners! ip to the Vnited States. Cap
tain Tardieu declined to accept a
portfolio in Premier Clemenceau's
cabinet. He dH this, he said, because
te believed "nothing is more urgent
and more necessary." than the work
to be done through this commission
crship."
Douglas Boys
Win Relay Race
The annual relay race between the
toys o the department of the Y. M.
C. A. in Pisbce and Donglas was run
yesterday under most favorable circ
umstances as far as the weather was
ior.cerned. but there were one or
two other features that were not so
favorable. The race started shortly
after ten o'clock and was finished at
the "Y" Douglas in Just two hours
and seven minutes, each boy ran
of a mile. The Bisbee boys led the
race until about five miles from lou
clas when IKiuclas tnok the lead and
finished about 2".0 yards the good.
One of the bad features of the race
was the fact that some of the auto
mobiles crowded in front of the boy
who was running behind and threw
up such a dust that it was bard run
ning and trying to breath and an
other one that Douglas had to fill up
her ranks with boys that were over
16 years of age and looked like full
grown men when they stood along
side of the li'tle youngsters that Itis
bee had lined up. As Secretary
Richardson sail in Douglas when
called on for a few remarks. "Well,
there is another race coming the first
of next year and we will show you
then but I hope that you will have
your boys' department filled up so
that we will not have to run against
the whole population of Douclas."
Af er the runners bad all been
takn to Douclas by the machines
they were given a banquet by the
members of the IKiuclas "Y" and
hlle the Bisbee team lost they were
loud in the praise of the treatment
of the Douglas bunch.
PROGRESS IS
! HADE IN ITALY
AGIST THE I
HUN INVADER;
Italians Clear the East Bank
of the Piava River of Aus-tro-German
Troops in Late
Operations.
(Bv Review Leased Wire) i
Another reverse for the Teutonic
allied armies, following that effected
by the French troops in their initial j
1 drive on the northern front in llaly.
has been brought about by the ltal-J
, ians in a sharp attack in the famous
Zenson loop on the lower reacnes ot !
the Piave river.
Here the enemy has been driven toj
. the eastern bank of the stream from i
positions he had held since the ltal-l
ians in their retrograde movement!
' from the Isonzo made their stand i
I along the western shore of the Piave. !
i Thus the entire right bank of the 1
Piave has been cleared of the invad- i
j ers. except far to the north, where
1 the tattle line runs westward from.!
the stream through the hill region. :
j The fighting for the Zenson bridge-1
! head had been in progress since last j
: Thnrsday. the Italians keeping ener-i
I eeticalty after the foe in order to re-
gain the position which always has
i been considered a menace to Venice. ,
Heavv casualties were inflicted on
' the enemy by th artillery and rifle
j fire of the Italians before he was
On Northern Front
On the northern front the infantry
again is idle for the moment, but the
big guns on both sides are keeping
up intensive duels in various sectors,
; particularly around Monte Tomba and
t on tae Asiago plateau. The enemy is
j continuing his air raids over import-
; ant towns on the plain, his latest at
tack caving been directed against
Yicenra. Bassano. Castel Franco and
Treviso. Thirteen persons were kill
ed and 44 others wounded, the ma-
l jority of them civilians. Only small
j material damage resulted from the
I new raids.
j Likewise the operations on the
fronts in France and Belgium are be
I ing confined almost exclusively to
bombardments, although the German
j war office claims a further gain, of I
ground by the army of Crown Prince
j Rupprecht of Bavaria over the British
, south of Marreinx in the Cambrai sec-i
i tor.
I Heavy Fighting Reported i
There are persistent reports that ;
heavy fighting is in progress between j
i Kaledines' Cossacks and Bolsheviki
i troops in southwestern Russia, and
that the casualties hav? been heavy.
No details of an authentk-nature have
yet come through, but the reports say
the Bolsheviki have been defeated on
the southwestern front with numerous
losses of men and guns but they have:
occupied the important town of'
Poltava.
Still further progress has been made!
by the British troops operating against I
the Turks in Palestine north of Jeru-J
salem. The Turks in the fighting of I
the last several days have lost more'
than 1000 men killed and 750 madej
prisoners.
NEW YORK'S BUDGET.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
ALBANY", X. Y Jan. 1. Governor
Whitman's estimates ot the amoua
it will take to conduct New York
state's affairs for 191S total approxim
ately JTS.OotUDO a reduction of about
i CO.OiMl (Ht) from the amount reuiiest
cd by state department heads. This
is $i.ir.?.iV0 less than that appro
priated by the 1917 legislature.
In a statement accompanying his
recommendations. Governor Wliitniaa
says:
"Because of the large increase tn
the cost of all necessities of life. I
have allowed increases for practical
ly all those in labor, mechanical and
low paid clerical and technical ser
vice where requested by department
heads.
"I have disallowed all requested in
creases for employees now receiving
J3"O0 a year or more. 1 felt that the
state had the right to call upon em
ployees to make whatever sacrifices
might be necessary because of the in
creased cost of living, by curtailing
their expenditures for such luxuries
as they can dispense with in time of
war."
FOR BELGIAN RELIEF.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
CHICAGO. Jan. 1 On a nation-wide
tour to raise $lO.0iH for the rehabil
itatkm of razed French and Belgian
cities, the Panlist choristers. Chicago's
ta'iious boy choir, departed today for
the eati The trip will last six
months and will Include all the large
citii's of the I'nited States and Can
ada. The rampaign which is also d
sUned to spiritualize and stimulate
the martial spirit of the country has
not only the approval of President
Wilson but has been launched with
the special blessing of Pope Benedict.
No Paper.
rt.preeedented is the situation
which the Review finds itself in
retarding the supply of paper,
which has necessitated the rutting
of its size to four papes. This is
entirely due to the failure of a
carload of news print, ordered se
eral months ago and shipped more
than o0 days ago. to arrive in Dished.
FIRST COAL RIOT
STAGED IN EAST
OVFR FIIFI FAMINE f-J-r4.-4
Several Hundred Men and .
Women Create Disturb-'
ance. Relief Thought in
Sight Through Carriers.
tRy Review Leased Wire)
NEW YORK. Jan. 1. With another
day of bitter cold and intense suiter -
ing from the general fuel shortage.
New ork had today its first real coal
riot. The disorder began when sev -
eral hundredmen. women and children.
who had lined up outside a large coal
yard at One Hundred and Nineteenth!
several loaded trucks leaving the
yard after announcement had been
made that there was no coal for sale,
Some of those who had been wait -
ins petiently with pails, bags, small
wagon and baby carriage,, at once
began to stone the office windows,
Others followed the trucks, unhooked
the rear chutes and seized the coal
that streamed nito the street. Police
reserves were called and succeeded in
restoring order when a representative
of the coal company announced that
coal would be sold in small lots after
certain hospitals had been served.
t-ariy rener trom tne tuet snonage
is expected to result from an order ! Navai patrols rounded up suspect
issued late tonight by William G. Mo , ed p?rs.ons throughout the afteruoon
Adoo. director general of railorads. bi!e five men were arrested as
permitting the Pennsylvania Railroad 1 s tspecN. Two or these, Huo S h
company s tunnels under the Hudson i mMt and H. K. Lesslug. said to b
river, heretofore devoted to passenger
traffic. to be used by incoming coal
trains.
Navigation from New Jersey termi
nals across the Hudson to Manhattan
island is greatly impeded by k-e floes
and the Harlem river and Brooklyn's
water approaches are in the same
condition. In addition to the hand!-
! cap of Ice there is a shortage of labor
owing to the rigorous weather.
The temperature today ranged from
aero to above at 10 o clock tonight,
and a slowly rising temperature was
predicted by the weather bureau.
HAROSHIPS ABATED
BOSTON. Jan. 1. Measures taken
of the relief of thousands of New Eng
land families which have been with
out coal in the last few days of ex-:
treme cold weather had served to
aoate tne suffering tontgnt. and a
slight rise in temperature offered hope
that the official prediction of a break
in the cold snap would be realized, j tjceii., hotel during the day and to
The rivers on which are located ! n,tnt two firemen and several sailors
the principal coal docks were frozen ,ev caucht in a falling wall of th
over and mariners said it would re-!L,nos buiidina. Three were brought
quire some days for tugs to break a put nurt. ou, two others were
path to the wharves for the fleet of;lrfl , ,n"e aebris.
coal carriers reported on their way to, piemen of Norfolk. Portsmouth and
relieve the fuel shortage. i urtoU with orcaniie-1 sailor tiro
Although today was a holiday, coal bric1,a, foui;nt berolcallv amid ice
yards were open by request of the d b,ndins. slll0ke. and bluejackets
u. .uu,m..M,.uU... cu iirv
pie with baskets, baby carriages, small i
wagons ana omer conveyances cameu
away small quant.ties of fuel,
DOORS FOR DORMITORIES
(Bv Review Leased Wire.)
. .
mans are taking down the mass.ve
bronie doors of the Brussels exchange
. . . .
to ship th-m to Germany, according
to a French dispatch today. All met
als of Talu in the manufaoture of
i dispatch adds.
rri I e rvp MFXirO
i rv ie. if- i.esrcj vv irei
i-.ouivt- i. . t-
, n n . .
n.ioiii.uiu.. jail, i. iv. ouia. w . . , . j.
former Japanese charge at Mexico l-'nox building whuh Uter was de
City, arrived here Uday to confer ! stro - .. , ,
with Japanese embassy officials about . Thousands Made Horn e ess.
the situation in Mexico bet.e return-: "fs trom ,he .Mt ,,n, .i
ing to Tokio. Mr. Ohta met Minister I 'owd to 11 n "e b.tlng cold
Hatori. Japan's new envov to Mexico, i t,B tu ",! ''h
at Laredo and gave him a review of n- '"" W.T. ! a.
conditions. The minister now is on in nMtb- nom' ni1 ho,'', As bull,t
his way to Mexico Citv. i"s fsr buildms went down with
' them an apartment house, scores were
POWDER MILL DESTROYED ! made homeless and the national guard
By Review Leased Wire.) ! armory on city hall avenue was thrown
FAIRMOVNT W. Va., Jan. 1. One'ln tne,n- , . . ,
man was killed outright, two others! Throughout the late day Ked Cross
died later from Injuries, and still an-1 workers and other volunteers looked
other is near death in a hospital, the after the men and also supplied cof
result of a terrific explosion todav ; fee and sandwiches for the naval pa
which destroved the Corning mill ot trols and firemen who were forced t
the Monongahela Powder company's seek rest, from their gruelling wortc
plant near here. The cause of the asainst the flames,
explosion has not been determined. '. When the firemen responded to thrt
; ah'.rm lor the theater fire, they found
ALASKA "BONE DRY" W hydrants vicinity frozen.
JUNEAl". Alaska.- Jan. 1. A uni- Fires had to be built to thaw them
versal eight hour law. effective out. In the meantime the firemen
throughout the territory, became op- look od on helpless while the big thea
erattve today In Alaska, together with ter burned. When water finally came,
bone dry prohibition. Governor Strong. ; the pressure was so law that streams
as a war measure, has exempted the , would not reach to the urper stories
fishing industry from the eight-hour j of the burning building and the fire
law. I soon was beyond control.
FI li CITY
OF NORFOLK
THOUGHT OF
iillEi! ORIGIN
t
I
mans Are Suspected of Set
ting Off Explosions.
fBy Review Leaded Wire.)
I NORFOLK. Va.. Jan. lj-Neartr
i two Mocks in the heart of Norfolk
jhasincsH district, including the Monti.
j cn hotP destroyed, three men
j k:i!ed and a score more injured
1 in a series or explosions and firei
, wMc h fh
i ........
; "'noniies brieve vw incendiary,
( The fire had been checked tonicht
; fcut still was burn ji fiercely in tha
ruins. The loss is roughly estimated
, M Worp th! $S-0O.oo.
j Three distinct explcskms is as many
buildings, one after lire once had vir-
: ,ua,lv b(VQ brouslil UBdw
, . , ,. . ,
. rJ ld tn fnl btlet that enemy
j stents were at work. Mayor Myo
. practically placed the city undt r mil-
, itary rule by turning the situation.
, over to the naval offi.-ers and some
30 marines and bluejackets frow
nearby naval stations assitnl the
police and homegtiards In naintain-
; ics order and preventing vandalism.
Suspects Rounded Up.
Germans, mere turned over to uepart-
I menl of justice ager.ts. Tomsnl
(theer mere reports that two Germans
I had been shot by sailors during the
!day. but neiiher the police nor naval
authorities would confirm them.
The fire started before dawn in the
j eld C.rsnby theater on Granhy street
and gained rapid headway as the fire-
i men were handicapped by froien
Ir.vdranl. low water pressure and
i near ero temperature. H quickly
spread to the MontH-ello hotel and
other nearby buildings in the block,
' it was brovght urder control late in
! the day. but broke oat anew early to-
,nkht. leaped across Granby and lev-
! Ped b:If the tWk there before be-
i:ig cb-Hked.
Firemen Killed.
Falling floors and walls took toll
Qf firemen and naval guards. One
fireman. Charles McCoy, was killed
and seven others were hurt in the
mn,Djh. f imner floor of the Mon-
,t,d ,he . work h?n the fighters
were trapped. Several of the firemen
R , note, wfn. br,1Rat out
hwllBB ,he d;lHng ot a score
(cf the lack tars.
j Reports as to the number of explo-
sives vary.
It was first said that the
; ' ; ' oMon tut fire Chief Mo-
. , " , , ..w.i. i ,r. n.
i aticMm and naval Investigators au-
, '"uf " . , m.t th.
'. " "'" , TTw h:d
!.t shop nur the Monticello. Th
f seconit was on me m
I. . . .... r: . Ku . .1 .iHll.V
noiri .1 ! I (T nr llll lor- " " ............
I . , . , , w ,
under control and the third in tne TWO
THE B1SBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY MORNING, JANUARY 2, 1918.
Zhvj$isbvv DatUt Slrutnu
Published Every Day Except Monday By the
State' Consolidated Publishing Company..
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
The Associated Press is exclusively entitled to the
use tor republication of all news dispatches credited to
It or not otherwise credited to this paper and also the
local news published herein.
All rights ri republication of special dispatches herein
are also reserved.
COMMISSION TAKES
JURISDICTION OVER
Business Office Phone No. 39.
BRANCH CONNECTING ALL DEPARTMENTS.
Advertising Rat.53 on Application.
Entered as Second Class Mail Matter at Bisbee, Arizona.
Under Act of March 8. 1879.
Subscription Rates, Payable In Advance:
PER MONTH -75
THREE MONTHS 2-5
SIX MONTHS 4.00
TWELVE MONTHS - 7.50
SUNDAY (Our Weekly per year 2.5?
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per quarter .75
No Subscription Taken For Less Than 75 Cents.
Review svbscribers not receiving a copy of The Bisbee
Daily Review before 8 a. m. will get one promptly by
special Western Union Messenger by telephoning the
Circulation Department . No. 39. The Review wi!l con
sider it a favor if the irregularity of delivery is reported
to the Circulation Department. The Messenger Servic;
applies to Bisbee only.
Wednesday Morning, January 2, 1918.
' More and more the re population problem and the
allied questions of divorce and remarriage law reform
are interesting England. During the 'period from Au
gust, 1914. to -June. 1917. there were :&0.000 more
marriages in England and Wales : than statistics
show, on the average, for sorb a period- The majority
of these were undoubtedly "war marriages." and there
are no figures as to deaths in battle that might pertain
directly to these marriages. All sorts of stories as to
what Germany- is doin in this important matter are
current; many of them unprintable and most of them
probably untrue. A rather Impressive group of serious
minded men and women in England are urging on the
government the necessity, as they put it. of releasing a
million people from the bonds of mere "separation.
They are pleading for a moderate extension cf the
divorce laws whereby this mClion shall be placed in a
normal position with respect to the future man power
of England.
The, first day's test has doubtless dinted many a good
resolution, made at the birth of the new year. Many
wise men of both ancient end modern times have de
clared that no resolution made on the first of the year
was worth the paper it was written upon or the breath
necessary to pronounce it. boiling that the determina
tion to do or not to do a thing . must spring from a
motive and not from a d-te. New year's resolutions are.
they declare, a mere circumstance; the resolve to cease
MANY
STAGE LINES
EYE NERVE GLASSES
I fit glasses without
drugs, drops or dang
er, and guarantee sat
isfaction. Phones: Office 136,
Residence Black 420.
DR. R. GLAZE. Ophthalmologist.
Upstairs, Over Woolworth's Store.
By order of the Arizona corporation commission all
auto stages running between points in the state of Arizona
yesterday passed under their controL and the following
regulations to those already prescribed for certain lines
will apply to all and which will be strictly enforced:
The Arizona corporation commission by order just
entered has taken jurisdiction of all automobiles operating
between points in the state and has made the following
regulations in addition to those already prescribed for
certain lines, which apply to all and which will be strictly
enforced :
That, effective January 1. 191S. all persons, companies
or corporations operating automobiles, automobile stage
lines or motor Tehicles tor the transportation of passen
gers for hire between points within the state of Arizona,
shall conform to the following requirements:
1 Before engaging in such transportation there shall
be filed with this commission, in addition to the statutory
requirements heretofore specified, a schedule of fares and
service, which the carriers propose to establish. In the
case of "service" cars the schedule of servic shall show
the terminal and all intermediate points which it is pro
posed to serve. "Rent" cars shall set forth, as nearly as
practicable, the territory within which it is proposed to
operate, and state whether charges will be assessed by
tie hour, by the mile ojr by the trip.
2 Cars must not be loaded in excess or tneir seating:
rapacity as rated by the manufacturers thereof, and must
not carry on the footboard or fenders baggage or other
articles projecting more than eight inches beyond the
footboard or fenders.
3 All chauffeurs or drivers operating or driving cars
shall be at least twenty-one years of age; shall have had
at least one year's experience in driving and operating
automobiles, and shall before operating motor cars in
public service sufficiently familiarized themselves with
the roads and conditions to be able to safely operate cars
thereon. Cars shall be operated at a safe speed and shall
be kept nnder such control in descending grades and ap
proaching sharp turns and obscure portions of the road
as will permit stopping cars within thirty feet.
4 Fares and charges filed by carriers, or prescribed
by the commission shall be strictly adhered to and shall i
not be changed or otherwise modified, either by the pay-
ment of commissions or in any other manner whatsoever,
except on the approval of the 'commission, or in accord
ance with law.
In the collection cf federal war taxes no carrier shall !
be permitted to add to his fares or charges an amount j
greater than the actual government tax.
5 "Rent" cars operating w ithin a district or territory
wherein "service" cars are also in operation shall make I
a minimum charge of not less than one hundred and forty!
per cent of the fare in effect on such "service" line, !
6 That every person, company or corporation engaged
in the transportation of passengers for hire by au'omo
bile. automobile stage lines, motor cars -or motor Tehicles.
shall also take out and keep in force an insurance policy
in some company authorized to do an automobile accident
insurance business in Arizona in the sum of $5000 for
each car operated, insuring such owner or lessee against
loss by reason of damage that may be awarded against
him incurred by the unlawful or negligent operation or
defective construction of the antomobile which said owner
or lessee may operate as aforesaid: and suffered by any
person or persons not employed by said owner or lessee.
The. total liability on such $5000 insurance policy for loss
from accident resulting in bodily injury to. or in the death
of. one person is limited to $50000. and subject to the same
limit for each person. The total liability for loss from
any one accident resulting in bodily injury to, or in the
death of one person is limited to $5000. and subject to
BISBEE TRANSFER,
STORAGE & COAL CO.
Warehouse & Office Opposite Depot
PHONES 640 and 50.
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Solicits Your
Patronage
PHONE 5S
SUITS
D
n
To 520
I CATARRH ; j
I
MADE
C8GER
Remember, these suits
are made from genuine
$25 materials.
Every thread guaran
teed Strictly All Wool
with a satisfactory fit or
your money back.
WE MAKE A SPECIALTY OP
LADIES' ALTERATIONS.
D. H. Evans
BREWERY GULCH
Opposite Uncle Jim's
Cily Blacksmith
Shop
Under new management.
Expert horse shoeing.
Wagon work of all kinds.
Truck and wagon beds
made to order. Satisfac
tion guaranteed.
H. P.
FRIED EN RICHSEN,
Prop.
J.B.
ANGIUS
PURE
FOOD
GROCER
PHONE 29
BRUCE PERLEY
fflSDRAKCEpin;ttutcT:!.i,.e-
Fidelity
Liability
Bisbee, Ariz
BONDS
Copper Queen Hotel
CHIOHESTR S FILiS
Wr- Ti't iauvvd aiuva.
nits - kj i toM u.y
i take - tWaVM mr rwa-r
"km Ir-ao-ari as aV-si. S-a. A rw-ri K 4"rrs
SOLS FY NtX'GFIS EVFHKf
HENESSEY
UNDERTAKING FARLORS
Robert Henessey, Prop.
Opposite Depot Ambulance
Illf
GOOD LUMBER IS AT THE
BOTTOM
of our success. Low prices may
help some, but it's the fln qaaJ.
ity of our lumber that brings
our customers back time and
again. U pays as to sell good
lumber. It will pay yos better
to buy it. It lasts longer and -Is
more satisfactory to work up.
Try ts with an order and you'll
come back when you want uorc
Bisbee Lumber Company, iw
EMIL MARKS, MGR.
LOWELL CAR STOP.
PHONK B.
n
from harmful or sinful or foolish thipgs is born from ; the same limit for each person. The total liability for loss
from any one accident resulting m bodily lnjnry to. or in
deep thought or contrition or the concentration of a
forceful character. But the new year's resolutions do
some good, after alL They are written upon a fresh
page and they are in the right direction. They are
crusaders fighting for the right. They are friendly
motives and honest efforts, even if they are not real
achievements and assured successes.
Says an English writer for a London paper: "Military
men of England vho htv? hai occasion to visit their
American allies in France have returned to London with
bif.h opinions of what they have seen. They are much
impressed with the wsy in which the men from the
United States have gone about creating the basic struc
ture for the armies thai are yet to come. A path of
American energy has been blazed across France. The
work of prt-paration is going forward splendidly. It is
f-r in advance of the future needs of the solflie's we
already have in France, and military men who have
studied it are confident that it win keep pace with the
hunireds of thousands yet to come. Just where the
American camp headquarters is may not be t'ld. of
course. Hut Berlin knows. Vore than one German air-r-ian
has had a good 1'ink at it. An i;erprie of such
riiiirnituf!? can hardly be concealed in intern warfare."
the death of. more than cue person, in any one accident
is limited to $10,000. Before any such policy will be
accepted it must contain a provision that should any final
judgment be entered against such owner or lessee for
damage incurred as aforesaid and suffered as aforesaid,
the insured shall at onw be deemed to have suffered a
loss nnder the policy, within the limits of the amount of
such insurance, commensurate with said judgment, and
also the further provision that said loss shall be paid by th
insurance company in satisfaction of said judgment be
fore execution may issue thereon, unless the insured shall
within said time otherwise pay sail judgment or give a
good and sufficient supersedeas bond securing the pay
ment cf said judgment; and also the further condition
that such insurance company issuing said policy shall be
deemed the special agent of the insured to make said
payment on any such judgment, which agency may not
be revoked by the insured.
Every such policy shall when issued be filed with the
corporation commission, and every such insurance com
pany shall notify the commission of all pending suits
brought against the insured upon obtaining notice thereof,
and shall likewise notify the commission of any and all
claims paid by the company.
TO REHABILITATE PALESTINE
( By Review Leased Wire.)
CHICAGO. Jan. 1. More than $130,000 was pledged
toward the movement to re-people Palestine with Jews
and to retrieve one of the nations of antiquity by repre
sentatives of ten states attending the middle-west Zionist
convention today. A total fund of $1.0"0,fno is planned.
The convention also made the firvt moves towarl rre
atirg peace among the warring elements in Zionism
when it adopted a resolution calling upon the members
of the Zionist provisional committee, headed by Justice
Ioui) I). Drandeis to seek to harmonize its differences
with the rabbinical wing of the movement.
The bitter personal a'tark by certain senators upon! Belief was voiced by Jewish leaders that the rupture
niaue in tsamoiore more man a year ago Because oi a
question of committee representation would be closed as
a result of the resolution.
Hoover will not set very well with the general public.
Hoover's plans, as pronoun --d and promulgated are emi
nently practi-aL They involve practically every food
cViler in this country, large and t-mall. Carried out
they mnst aisuredlv result in great good for the
masses of cur pet.pl ane" incalculable aid aud abetment
! our aili-s in thi great war. This column has paged
"Tr. Hoover many ini" in th matter of Inch price of
i tcrssities. but if has been more in jet than earnest.
H will not perform miracles, but hi-- record in the past
f nd his present plans an1 procedures warrant his en
t'orsement. and not bis downfall at the hands of the
senators who now as.-ail him. chief of whom is a small,
blatant, pompous, narrow, bitter, dangerous demagogue
1-y the name of Reed from Missouri.
QUESTION AIRE STATISTICS j
I Ity Review Leased Wire.)
CHICAGO. Jan. 1. Fully W" per rent of draft rs-srij.- j
trants who bave returned their (luestionaire? to the 'hi-
raco hoards are claiming" exemption, it wa announced '
t'day. Tltc majority an- basing theie claims on ilep-.-n-l
denry grounds, al'liouch toiHC are urging their physical
diss hi htv.
Ar tliey arr.inrit'.g o set f;rf to lUvid Lloyd c,orc'"F
oat tail over in merry old England T
POLISH CONTINGENT ARRIVES
i By Review Leased Wire.) j
WASHINGTON'. Jan. I. The first contingent of Polish !
troops recruited in Ani-rica for service with the allies
has landed safely in France, it was announced tonight by
CoL James Martin of the French military mission. The
unit, ronipfwed entirely of men graduated from the PoTis-h
training ramp at Niagara. X. Y.. will be attached to the
Polish forces now lighting on the west front. For mili
tary reason the number of men in the contingent was
withheld.
The last snnivor of the A I no is dead a rain.
PUBLIC MAN ARRESTED
Ity Re ie Leased Wire.)
PETROGRAD. Monday. Iec. 31. M. Avskeutkff. for
I iuer president of th-? council of the republic, ha been
i arrested anI tak'-n to tlie St. Ivtt r and St. Paul fortre-
Glancinq at the kais-rs latc-l peace t-rms. T!ir r.c-j
view cfi(jutly predict at lea.-t another year of war.;
Play Ajucrkaa uarrheis at Ameruaa wedding. Sure!
TWELVE-ROUND DRAW
(F-y Review Leased Wire )
AKRON. O.. Jan. 1. Jchnny Griffiths and Bryan lr
ncy fouclit a terrific twelve n-und draw here this utter
noon I'oth tu -n were badly tut up at the cud of t lie
battle.
a u r-2 vf ti f
at
5c
This is our announcement to the stockholder that this is the last offering of ths stock of Cie Anions Oil and Refining Company
5c now and 3c when w? strike oil.
The Arixona Oil and Refining Company have a complete equipment. Three carloads of lumber, machinery and drills have already
been unloaded and are now on the ground. In a wire received from Dr. Edwards. uotedgeoloiit. whj is in charge of the company's
operations, and fromllonorable DaviJ K. Johnson, tlve State Treasurer, who are now in Los Angeles, Tully three carloads of additional
equipment' w ill b eshipped from I-os Angeles by the first or the new ear. This is action on the part of the company. No matter what
has been said to you to the contrary in, reference to this company, it is a fact that the company has lived up to Its promises of what
it would do. . - 1
y;V&Vtr&' ""..V'-';i'V!';- h'U; V 'V t':A
The photographic reproduction cecomnanying this article shows
the unloading of the first two cars at Valley t Sat ion the ncar.vt
point to the property of the Arizona Oil and Refining company.
Just as soon as the driUs start. Ui-js-e shares will be auvanced
and the next advance, which will come in a few days, should carry
the stock to 10 cents, par value and then another It) cents when oil
is struck in commercial quantities. AVe are advancing the price
because we consider the sto.-k wota more with a substantial trcasury
and a full equipment, and the drills going deeper every day.
This company is past the stage of raising funds for its first devel
opment campaign. We already have the funds. The pe'P'.' of
Aritona have been-generous in buying these snares, even vh -n thy
were at a more "speculative period. When you buy s!:ars in a com
pany who must rai.-o money for their development work ygu run the
rhajc of the company "ialling down" in raising sufficient mnvy to
start development.
The Arizona Oil and l:efininc Company were liberal in th- ir
underwriting contract with us. The Arizona Corporation Commi.-sion
sanctioned the deal made by the Arizona Oil and Refining Company.
The deal showed the good jiidgnsent of the director. It meant tl at
the company would have sufficient funds to Mart development arid
to continue development.
This announcement of t'.;e last oiuring of the 5-rent sttv k mena
ju.-t exactly what we say. When the drills begin to pcnetrat t'to
ground, when the company 5 actually operating, the shares are xoi th
Irt cents of any man's mercy, and any man will be glad to pay 10
cents more after we strike oil in commercial quantities and we i.re
going to ask 10 cents for th stock anl that will come it' a -r; t-w
days. Take advantage today of tae U;w price of th-se s!.are!.
To those that bought at a low er price: Buy at this price S-cent
price and ur.d?t.tand. the treasury gets more money Cor Its shares
if you buy at an advanced price. If you dont want to pay full cash,
take advantage of our actual development plan, whereby you pay a
cent per share for every fifty feet of development.
5c ARIZONA OIL5c
Pay So Now and 5c when oil is struck ia commercial quantities.
We deliver certificate upon the prym?nt of the first 5c or you
ran buy on Ih basis of hat we have termed ACTUAL DEVELOP
MENT ACCOUNT the price of tne shares tks same but pay as the
property is developed.
lc NOW AND lc EVERY f.A FEET OK DEVELOPMENT UNTIL
YOU HAVE PAID US 5c THEN YOU GET YOUR CERTIFICATE.
THEN YOU PAY 5c MORE WHEN WE STRIKE OIL.
On thi bais yon ran buy as much as 10.000 shares pay J5(
every 50 feet of development. Of couis? you can buy as low as 100
shares but just thir.k of th money yod would make If yon had
lii.'Mio shares and what is J..o.tH) every 50 feet?
The ompany's operating affairs re managed by Dr. E. A. Ed
m tra the treasurer of company is Honorable David W. Johnson,
st;.te trv-asurer. Written permission granted by the Arizona Corpora
tion Commission to the ARIZONA OIL t REFINING COMPANY for
the sale of its stock November io:h, 1SIT. and is one file in our offlctv
GENERAL SECURITIES INVESTMENT CORPORATION
MAIN OFFICE: SECOND FLOOR CHAMBER CF COMMERCE BUILDING. CORNER OF ADAMS ST. AND SECOND AVENUE.
BISBEE OFFICE: SASSE'S. MAIN ST, BARNARD & STRONACH. A GENTS. BISBEE. ARIZONA. PHOENIX. ARIZONA.
USE THIS ORDER BLANK IN PURCHASING SHARES ON THE ACTUAL DEVELOPMENT PLAN.
ACTUAL DEVELOPMENT BLANK
The terms of payment um'.or our ACTUAL DEVELOPMENT ULANK will appeal to any oo who Is interested in the actual
development of the ARIZONA OIL REFINING COMPANY'S property: Y'ott pay lc down and lc every two weeksor lc every
5 feet of developme.it. This means that we can only call upon you for the lc payment every two weeks on the dates men
tioned below and th- n you need not pay it ur.I st. the drills are actually don another fifty feet. You must accept the state
ment of E A. KdwaMs. who will be nsbt on t"e property.
GENERAL SECURITIES INVESTMENT COKI'ORATION.
Box 744. Phoenix. Arizona. t
I enclose herewith $ . ... ... as first payment
on jiiur actual develnpinent account. Tlii t irt payu.tnt i at tie ra; of lc a snare The I -a lance of 4c to be paid at the rate
of lc eery lourteeii days on the date mentioned but I- iyal!' ci.ly no:i not;ficatiou t'.iit the drills have been adanoed at
loast fifty fft vvery fourteen days. I agree to make iIk-m' pay:i:cr,rs pri'inptly en the .' conditions. When I hae paid 5c a
share, rertilicate will le i.-.-.ui! ly the ioit.p.u:y. I lo atree ! pay another .".c within fifteen d-)s after oil has bv.-n pttdu-el
in vaying quantities.
I tales .-t Pa ment :
Second payment due SUn-!:
Third payment due .. . . .
Fourth I'jyuicnt due
Fifth paviu 'til due
..Urv
State
..tli R )
C'lieM' p.yiiiviils to - ma-I'-. prtivi.t.,1 Hie e.iaditioiis are fulfilled by the Couipiiny )
I
J
i
4 -1
i
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY MORNING, JANUARY 2, 191S.
THREE
i
1
1
I
1
t
.4
i
3
1
-
' J
I
I
1
4
I
4
1
City Briefs
BROKE HIS ARM.
of the
Copper j
w-w . - ' 1 V J . I. '
vunn noiei omiara parior uu iuo
misfortune on MondaT nieht to ac-'
cidenullr fall and break his arm. He!
was taken to the Copper Queen hos -
pitaj where he will be laid up for re -
pairs for a few weeks.
-
BURDICK FUNERAL WEDNESDAY.
The funeral of Mrs. Burduck. who
At-A i i i i .AAt.
last t-aturaay afternoon, wit De neia.
from the Catholic church Wednesday
morning at 10 o'clock, the Rer. Father
Mnndin officiating. Interment will
be made in Evergreen cemetery.
HAS RI5'-?.NE j . ...
Ivan Phillips has tendered his res -
IgnaUon to the sheriff-, office as
moioruepuiy wnicn un eweci on;q,lired a sterling reputation for the!
,-ru,. Air. i-nui.ps ui.ur dramatk. force of nis screen dramas
pood motor cop and has made many,nd the ,ntenlM?,v nuroan toucnes he
of the speeders remember that there j, throuchout each reel. Re
is speed law. He intends to still mKo, Vmn R,,m"
B?K R2JM.FUwSTON" a
. . . 1
irip iw vamp runsion wnere sne spent i
week on a visit to her son. Evan
Uild. She states that the boys at the !
rn m r int vri.lt nmvlnpH ffr Ttn that
tr - .
they have plenty to eat and that while
the weather is somewhat cold they,He does the most surprising things
Itave plenty of clothing and the bar-1 and motion picture followers know
racks are well bested. Ithat where there is a George Walsh
FOR TRAINING CAMP.
1- C E. Adams. Jr, of Lowell, left
yesterday , for Camp Kearney. Cal-;
ifornia. where he goes to enter the;
officers training camp. He was one
of the students chosen from the nni-1
versltv of Arizona tn the camn. He '
w-ill be acromnanied br Lawrence IL'here todav in his ninetieth year. He
Jackson; who was given an appoint-'
ment. Mr. Jackson has been in the!
employ of the Copper Qneen and i
Bunker Hill Mining companies for',
several years. He was married re-:
cently to Miss Catherine Hoy of this ;
city.
RETURNING HOME.
Deputy Sheriff Percy Howden was
hi the city last evening on his way
home from Tombstone to Douglas.
Percy and his "Yellow Peril" had
too much booze aboard Monday when
be tad five barrels of beer and seven
cases of whiskey and just as he was
turning the corner around one of
XJ. B ravin the Cops" Tombstone traf
fic posts one of the rear wheels of
the machine broke and there was a'
scattering of beer and whiskey many'
pottles being broken and the Tojib-
Bisbee Decorating Co.
General Painting, Paper Hanging, Tinting and'
Signs. Perfect Results. Moderate Prices.
HUGHES BLOCK, OPPOSITE Y.W.CA.
P. O. Box 1531 ' Phone 739
The GoYcrnmentReqaires MoreSulplKir
The WARREN SULPHUR AND OIL COMPANY is testing out 100
acres, which tfrey recently purchased. They have both OIL and Sl'L
PHUR developed in one welL For the purpose of developing r.nd
equipping on a larger scale, they will continue selling the shares at
15 cents for a short time only.
FOR FULL PARTICULARS, SEE
F. BRIGGS & CO.
E. B. Mason Bldfl, Phone 701.
r
Bisbee Transfer, Storage
and Coal Company
Across From Depot, Bisbee, Arizona
CASH BASIS
We wish to announce to our trade and the public
that, on and after January 1st, 1918, our business, both
fuel and transfer, will be placed upon a STRICT! .Y
CASH BASIS and credit discontinued to every cne
alike, regardless of rating. Please do not ask for credit,
you will be refused.
This action is taken owing to the existing condi
tions, as well as our inability to get an adequate supply
of coal, poor collections, and at the instance of the fuel
administration.
Those who have heretofore been given credit we
beg to thank for their tiade and say that this step is not
meant as any reflection upon them, but is general, ap
plicable to all, and forced upon us as stated above.
Our prices will remain the same as HERETO
FORE CASH PRICES and we ask your continued
patronage upon the STRICTLY CASH BASIS, and
assure you of our effort to accommodate by way of
courteous attention and prompt deliveries.
We Wish Each and All a Happy, Prosperous New Year
Bisbee Transfer, Storage and Coal Co.
PHONE 640
stone popular had a chance to ?!pnm min T( I IrtU f)P
ja pood smell or two if nothing else. (jUULUfl I UU LluK III
me car was repaireo iuu rcnj
now try and not overload it again.
TAKEN TO TOMBSTONE.
An unknown man whose
mind
seems to be affected nom the war.
was picked up yesterday by repre-
sentaUves of the sherirrs office and
(taken to Tombstone. He states that
j H of the prist mills have pot to be
I started up at once and that he is po-
J"? ,0 Washington to see President
'lson bout ft- He makes other in
coherent remarks. He seems to be
.. . t
rive his name. He was taken to
Tombstone by Deputy Sheriff Gan
non. THIS l& THF LIFE."
I This fox feature film with George
;WaIsn s (he Ur wU, be sbomn t
th & today R A Wa,sn has ac.
nnw helnir viewed br thonsands all i
! over the world? Then. too. his "In-iall worn out so I could l ardly get anv
iocent Sinner" and "Betrayed T"i rest and many a night I was too n'"-.
tunning rci uuc at tunu.
never misses fire.
George Walsh is known throughout
ih. i.k .h Kr,t,s f th- i,rt,,asl n,ne -,",rs " " s. . '
t . - , . i i .s
r ...i-.vu , a n H vie
iur UI8 irm.i.uic tuui muu n
hannr tnvial .nirit hefor- the .amera.
that where there is a George Walsh
Picture there is excellent entertain-
'meat.
.
OLDEST EMPLOYEE DIETS.
(By Review Leased Wire.l
BUFFALO. X. Y Jan. 1. Dennis.
Kinkade. the oldest employee of the
noetal lienartment in the country, died
had delivered the mails in this city
from 1S53 until 1913 with a total ah-
sence of eleven days.
f A
Oar Sbop Is New
and Sanitary
We will appreciate your patronage
and assure you of courteous treat
ment. SUNSET BARBER SHOP
(Woolworth Bldg Main Street)
C Rosenbarger, Propr.
Lowell, P. O. Box -i'j37
1
WORK FOR 9 YEARS
'Johnston Tried All Kinds of
Medicine Without Results.
Tanlac Brigs Relief.
"I was so crippled up with rheu
matism for nine years l!,at I toulda't
. do a lirk of work, but since taking
Tanlac I can jump up and crack my
heels together like a six'een year old
boy." said J. M. C. Johnston, of 17:50
North Howar street, Iallas. Texas,
and now in his sixty-fourth year.
"Nine years ago." he continued. 'I
had a bad spell of typhoid fever that
left me with a terrible pain in my
side and also in my back, where I
had been hurt when I was a
nneumm.siu goi me .a s-'n -u
the pam I suffered in my arms ana
shoulders and lower limbs almost
drove me distracted. My nerves were
erable to close my eyes at an
, - - i
. ' "7" V. " "ITj;" ..v!
Mori tnlron an mlirn nieillt lilt i llf
rruei inai i iinu 1 1 1 " 1
relief that I
... . ,
anything, but when one of my friends .
spoke to me about Tanlac and prais-:
ed it so highly, I decided to try it and
rertainlv surprised when I not-
was ceraihlv surprised when I not
iced a decided improvement by the;
time I had finished my first bottle.
I slept better, my nerves grew strong-1
er and from then on my improvement i
was rapid. After taking five bottles j
T feel vnunz and invigorated and a
whole lot better than I have in
long time. I have full use of my arms;
once more and to prove it I can rub
the back of my head with either hand.
which a few weeks ago I couldn't
hare done to save my life. My nerves
are all right now. I slep like a rock
and my rheumatism has disappeared
evcent from my finger tips. I have
every confidence in Tanlac rnd am !
going to keep ii up for some time, as
I mean to get a job as soon as cool
weather conies."
Tanlac is sold In rrsbee iy J. M.
Ball, in Douglas by Douglas Drug Co., j
in Paradise by G. A. Walker, in I5ow ie
J. u. t oose. in w nicos uy a. j. -.u-olson,
in Lowell by Lowell Drag Co,
and in Benson by C F. Mos3 Phar-
by Bowie Drug Store, in San station by
macy.
Adv.
REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS
'
ARIZONA
Bisbee Copper Co,
PER SHARE
FOR SALE BY
COLLINS &
BRETHERTON
We Specialize in Jerome
and Oatman Stocks.
P.O. BOX 1129 PHOKE26
contractors in Bisbee buy
from US. They figure it
is WORTH WHILE to do
so. WHY DONT YCU?
If you need them to
figure your work PHCNE
US and we will see that
they get in touch with
you.
If your contractor has
NOT figured with us ask
him to do so; it will be to
your benefit.
Gibson -Hi ties
Lumber Co.
J.W.F Smith.KgT. PhoneSS
S
The Besl '
PHYSICIAN REPORTS !
DEATH FROM
SALVERS AN
Dr. Gordon Fleming, reports through
the columns of the Australasian Medi-.
cal Gazette, as follows: "Ninety-six J
hours after injection of salversan. '
(ti06) robust man had epigastric pains,
sensi.iveness to noise, giddiness, feer
101. pulse 10. knee jerk, rigors, stupor j
followed by coma, vomiting, convul-j
sion s and death. Sy mplOms of arsenic
poisor.ing. The risk of life is too
great to submit to injections of arsnic
and mercury, when you can stcure a
safe remedy like Number 40 For The
Blood, the ingredients of which are
set down in t!ie I". S. Dispensatory
and other medical books as follows: j
bOV.'t.n , . J , It f (ka oil 1.(1 11. .
lar system, ia blood poisoning. scrofUa
rheUniatism. catarrh. . mercurial and
nunllin rnnstin.-inn m.rk
-nf1 Jiu.i rn.ior ia tcoi
nodfs "tumors, hoiire. lupus, sore nl-l
Cers and scrofufjus swellings that have !
I .
I withstood all other trea'ement
- - . i
... 10 1. : . t 1 . . , I
" J.'J"e CT J v
.vemientiall. tva-sv ute. int.. 4 j years .
Mend en hall.
a druggist.
rrioe $1C0 per bottle.
prjrt J M t) nDrtOP
IjH I I MnllriJi
11 1 W
CORNS PEEL OFF!
For 25c Ped Off 25 Corns.
"Uets-lt. the greatest corn discov-
a.ery of any ages, makes joy-walkers
; out or corn-iimpers. it makes you feel
like the Statue of Liberty. Buy a
"liberty" bottle of "Gets-lf right now
free yourself at 'once from all corn
. iv: ;-"-t V
-It WIU Vme (i 1, One Complex
It Will Come Off in One Complete
Piece!"
misery. It will peel off painlessly, in
one complete piece, any corn, old or
i yov.r.st. hard or soft, or between the
: toiv. any ctllus. or any corn that has
; resisted evcry.hing elseyou have ever
used. Off it ctnues like magic. Guar
: anteed.
All you need is 2 or 3 drops of
"Gets It." that 's ail. -Gets-It" is the
only safe way in the world to treat a
corn or callus. It's the sure way the
way that never fails. It is tried and
i true used by millions. Never irri
j ta'.es the flesh or makes the toe sore.
It always works: peels-Oorns-off-like-a
banana-skin. 2"c a bottle is all you
ceed pay for '"Gets-Ii" at any drug
. store, or sent on receipt of price b
E. Lawrence - Co.. Chicago, III. .
Sold in Bisbee and ret'ommended a
the world's bet corn remedy by
j Phelps Dod.se Mercantile Co. Adv
I
i
Telephone 446
A Phone Call Will Bring Us.
LOS ANGELES JUNK SHOP
j Highest Cash Prices Paid For
; Metals. Rubber, Rags, Sacks, Bottles,
i Bones. Iron. Hides. Pelts, etc
J HOROWITZ BROTHERS, Proprietors
Lowell, Arizona.
THE REVIEW
Job Department
wiU furnish you an estimate
en that job on short notice
WaTKINS & BERGQUIST
Jewelers and Opticians
S. KM rsr.
' cnt to co-t cost ot mail. I r
tne the ones vu K-re
Stu.""
McDonald's Mannello Shop
Phone 305.
9 l IM
j i
I y &Oc mmi SI Sum
I A If yna have oevrr tesl
l . - m rl ince c ream
DANCE
EAGLE HALL
EVERY
SATURDAY
EVENING
8:30
(F. O. E. 175)
SHAW'S ORCHESTRA
JOHN G. WILSON
Contractor & Builder
Estimates furnished on all classed
of Buildings.
SEE ME LAST
Phone Green 782.
Legal Notices.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department ot tne interior.
U. S. LAND OFFICE at Fhoenbs.
(Arizona. Dec. la. 191 ..
.u I IV u 13 ' l'J - " 1
. . , .v.
oirecieu ot iiiv v uiuamjiuu '
General Land omce. unaer prrvions
. . 1
of Sec. :45o. R. S-pursuant to :ne ap-
ulication of Ella C. IHndlay. Se "ial Xo.
029T77. we will otter at puoi.c 8,e-1
IO me uif:Eti uiunvi. uu. i y ivw
than S2.50 per acre, at 10:00 oclock
a. M on the I9th day of J inuary.
jlSlS. next, at this office, the following
tract of land: XE 1-1 SE Sec 17. T.
23 SO.. R. 21 E, G.. and S. R. M.
This tract is ordered into the market
on a showing that the greater portion
is mountainous or too rough for cultiv
ation. x
The sate will not be kept or en. but
will be declared closed when those
present at the hour named ha e ceas
ed bidding. The persoa mak.ug tne
highest bid will be required iTj im
mediately pay to the Receiver tne
amount thereof.
Any persons claiming adversely the
above-described land are advised to
file their claims, or objections, on or
btfore the time designated fo,r r:ile,
JOHN L. 1RV1X. Reg ster.
JOHN J. BIRDNO, Receiver.
A It. 93S
First Publication, Dec. 20. iri7.
Last Publication. January 29. 191S.
NOTICE OF APPLICATION
S. PAT ENT.
FOR U.
Mineral Survey No. 3374.
Serial No. C3663S.
Cnited Slates Laud Office, i 'toenix.
October 31. 1917.
Notice is hereby given thar R. A.
Bretherton and C. XI. Henkel, ro-own-ers.
whose postoffice address is Usbee,
Arizona, have made applicr.tion forj
paicni ior uie louowiug uann-a ioue
minins claims, situated in he Warren
Mining District. Cochise counts . Arlxo
na. in Sections 13 and 14. Tcwn hip 23
S, Kange auapproved, G. S. R.
a M.. described as follows, -o-wlt:
"ROCKLAND" Beginning a: ctirner
No. 1. the S. E. corner, wher-e the
Wl-4 cor. sec 18 T. 23-S. R. Zj ' G. & Section 27. Township 33 S. Range 23
3-R. a & M. bears S.78 5S' 1'. 323S.9 E.. G. & S. R. Meridian, has filed not
feet: thence N. 83 34' W, U51- 70 feet ice of intention to make five-year
to corner No. 2; thence X. 78 :V Wi
!i? r.a f. -,.,,, v - v !
14' W. 574 feet to corner No. 4:
w c . , , CAA ,
ucutc O. Od mw E. a ,OUV irTjt M fjvs
aer No. 5: thence S. 2' o4' E. t-6 feet
o corner No. 1. the plrce of be; .nning.
containing a net area of 13.65S acres.
expressly excluding area ia conflict
with Survey No.
315S. Kolla 'ode of
I.ST.S acres.
"BLACK BEN." Beginnicr at cor
ner Na 1. the S. E. corner, wht ice the
Wl-4 cor. of Sec. 18. T. 23-S. R. ?5-E. G.
S. R. B. X. M. bears S. SO t'S' E.
1737 feet: thence N. 7S 20' V . 1130.
30 feet to corner No. 2; thenc N. 65
23" W. 377.S0 feet tn corner No. 3:
thence X. 2 04' W. 5C0.40 fee; to cor
ner No. 4: thence S. 7S 20' :i 1500 1
feet to corner No. 5; thence S 2' 04
r 61,-fiO fee; to corner No. 1. 1 ' psacs
or oeg:nnine. cotiiainins a net urea oi
"').112 acres, expressly excludi..,- area
n conflict with Sunshine lode
f thisa
.urtey of O.20S acres.
"SUNSHINE". Btginnin; a corner
N'o. 1. the S. E. corner. whene the W
1-4 cor of Sec. 13. T. 23-v. R. 2 -E. G.
& S. R. B. 4 M. bears S. 78 5 . " E. .
23fi feet; thence S. 82 04 W 959.30
.'eet to corner No. 2; thence N 1 41'
E. VK) feet to corner No. 3; th nee X.
SI 43" E 9S0.10 feet to eorne' Na 4:
I thence S. 1 41" W. 04.50 fee- to cor
ner No. 1, the place of beginni:-containing
a net area of 12.860 a res, ex
pressly exrlwling aera In onfl. t with
Survey No. 2412. Apache lode . f 0 217
acres. ' '
The location notices of these claims
are recorded In the office ot the Coun
ty Recorder of Cochise county, Arizo
na, as '.ollows:
Rockland, Book 43. Record of Mines,
jpage 137
Black Ben. Book 49, Record of Mines
pase 132
14. Sec. 33: T. 23 S R 21 E.. and on
Book 49. Record of Mines Oct. 23. 1313. made additional home
stead entry. No. 02S6T.6. for N. 12. and
Sunshine.
1"H
The names bf the adjoining claims to
this 8,,rvcy rp; on tn Survey
t!.o. .41.'. .parne lode: Neglected and
Anni. unsurveyed: owned by applicant
herein: Warren lode. unsurecd; on
the East Survey No. 3138. Rolla lode:
on the South Survey No. 1794, Grenfell
lode; Survey No. 217S. Carmelita and
Corona txle-; Survey No. 2221 Shat
tmk N. 2; and Survey No. 3138. Car-
melisa aid Coroua lodes on the West
Survey No. 1731. Calumet lode.
I J. L. IRWIN. Register.
j First publication, Nov. 7. 1917.
Last publication. Jau !. 1918.
Review Want Ads
AdTerUaementa mnder this hea4 at ths rat of I cent per wror4 tor sacs
taaue, wit a ratatmvm charts of 15 cents. Adveftlsenents mast rasck Ttt
Review office not later than p. u. f or tnserUo ta th next mornlnr paper
Maic Help Wanted
LEARN actual autc repairing.
keeping, shorthand, radio, engineer
tng. T. It. C. A, Los Angdea. Cat
alog free.
WANTED Intelligent, industrious
man. capable of earning $200 per
mo., for important position soon to
be filled in Bisbee. Apply in own
handwriting, giving full information
of self, to P. S. Kantx. National
Bank of Arizona. Phoenix.
WANTED Young man to drive Ford
truck. XI. Levin Tailoring Co.. Low
ell. 101
Female Help Wanted
WANTED Competent cook.
37.
Phone
St
WANTED A woman to work for
husbands board and some wages at
Stag club. SS
WANTED Girl for house work; must
know how to cook. Phone 543. Mrs.
Houle Denn Mine. 923
WAXTED Girl
for general house
work. Mrs. J. S. Dymoca. Warren.
Ariz. Phone 493. 933
Positions Wanted
DRESSMAKER wants odd sewing by
day; specialise niacins over. Phone
493. CI
WANTED Position by gentleman
competent to keep any set of books,
and familiar with hardware and sup
plies; satisfactory references. Boa
3812. LoweU.
Wanted
WANTED Telegraphers, stenograph
ers, bookkeepers; students ear
board, room tuition. Macksy Busi
ness College. Los Aagelea. ?$
WANTED Lessee for silver mine in
Anion a. Shipping tire: good hoist
near railroad. Apply to Geo. V,
Cass. Douglas, Arisona 43
WANTED Few gentlemen roomers.
with or without board. 8(B on road
between Brewery Gulch and O. K-
street S
For Sale.
FOR- SALE: Dodge roadster, model
1916; will demonstrate after 5:30 p.
m. First house back of Notman's.
Warren. L. V. Branch. T9
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior.
I. S. LAND OFFICE at Phoenix,
Arizona. Dec 15, 1917.
NOTICE Is hereby given that
Charles R. liannon, of Bisbee. Arisona.
I who. on Mav 18. 1917. made Home-
. slead trr so. 028444. for NE 1-4
to establish claim to the land
above described, before Jared D.
j lfOT V- l',
Arizona, on the 23rd day of January.
JJJ 4J
Cuinlant names witnesses:
I jnhn A. Wallace. Peter B Cane,
' Reuben Pttter. Mack Cleveland, all of
! Bisbee, Arizona.
J. L. 1RV1N. Reclster
Adv. 93
First PublicaUon. Dec. 20. 1917.
Lait Publication, January 23. 1911
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the Interior.
r. S. LAND OFFICE at Phoenix.
Arizona. Dec. 13. 1917.
NOTICE Is hereby given that Julius
E. Haase. Xt Hereford. Arizona, who.
cn March 4. 1911. made Homet-tead
Entry No. 024329 for SE 1-4 Sec 19. T.
i -
3 S, R. 22 E.. and on March 1. 1915.
m,de Additional Homestead En
v(V o-srit. for I-ot 3 and E 1-2 snd E
- 2 SW 1-4. Section 19. Township 23
S.. Range K. G. & S. R. B. and Meri
dian, has filed notice of intention to
mae three-vear Proof, to establish
claim to the land alve described, be
fore Jared D. Taylor. U. S. Commis
sioner, at Bisbee, Arizona, on the 23rd
day of January. 1918.
Claimant names as witnesses
Herman Haase. Samuel C. Giles.
Leslie Wilcox. Frank C. Cobbe. all of
Hereford. Arizona.
J. L. IRV1N. Resister.
Ad. 935
First Publication. Dec. 2". 1917.
Last Publication. January 23. 1918.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior.
C. S. LAND OFFICE at Phoenix,
Arizona. Dec. 13. 1917.
NOTICE is hereSy given that Joseph
Stonis. of Hereford, who, a Oct. IS.
1111 mailt lJmiiMxtAuil Kntr No.
023337 for W 1-2 SW 1-4. and S 12 SW.
1-2 N"E 1-4. Section 33. Township
23 S.. Kanse 21 K t.. & 5. K. u. ana
Meridian, has Mod notice of intention
to make three-year Proof, to e!abti!.h
c!aini to the land above described, be
fore Jared IV Taylor. I". S. Commis
sioner, at Bisbee. Arizona, on the 22ad
day of January. 1918.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Joseph Zaleski. IMyton L. Graham.
Jr.. both of Hereford. Arizona: Lewis
T. Wolte, Ben Morgan, both ot Garces,
Arizona.
J. L. 1RVIN. Restster
Adv. 9S5
First FuMication. lec. 2. 1917.
I:;t Publication. January 22. 1918.
HAVE 4 vacant lota in El Paso, to
j trade for light automobile. Roy
Bent, Newberry's barbershop. S3
FOR SALE Furniture of 2t rooms,
dining room, kitchen and office,
cheap. House for rent cheap. Wilt
give Ion? lease. 71 Brewery Culch,
Phone No. 24. P. a Box No. 59.
Bert Clement. ill
FOR SALE Lumber from
bid
St
house. Phone Red 448.
FOR SALE Furnished boos ta War
ren, c rooms, all conveniences, lot
70x1 0. one block from ear linei
Price S3500. P. O, Box (95, War
ren. 21c
FOR SALE At sacrifice, account sick-
ness. the Homo Industry Furnituro
Compaay rooming house. Inquire
Home Industry Furniture Store.
LowetL 7S3
FOR SALE Good paying, small bust
ness. Suitable for twt ladies, or
man and wife. Address business.
Box 132. Bisbee. 53
FOR SALE Completely furntehsd
four-room bouse In two desirable
apartments. 81350, $450 down, bal
ance easy. 50B Brewery Gulch.
lOf
FOR SALE Classy six cylinder road
ster, perfect condttioa; big bnrgnfa
for caao. Ca 11 from 10 a. ta. to 4
p. tn.. yellow house, corner Mason
At and Tom batons Canyon. 103
FOR SALE Furnltaro for flTo-room
house; cheap, it taken at once. Ap
ply 21 TombstoM Canyon. 100
FOR SALE Fira room completely
furnished house, including piano,
combination rang. S30C0; part cash,
balance tike rent. E. C. Byraa Real
Estate, Warrenjlris. 91
FOR SALE Two bay mares. T years
old. also anch on public highway.
2 V, miles north Tf -Double Adobe,
closeto school; cheap. Win sell
separate. Inquire Mrs. Preston
Fletcher. 21 Tate HllL 55
FOR SALE Twelve stool lunch coun
ter. A money maker. Owner mast
seek lower altitude. Inquire at
striped tent. Lowell. 701
FOR SALE Income property in town,
$1500.00; $500 cash, balance easy.
Genuine bargain. E. A. Re
view. 45
LOST
LOST Pair field glasses on road be
tween Tombstone and Douglas.
Signal corps C S. A. stamped on
tubes; cover black; fair sole leath
er rase. Leave at Review ofi
and receive $10 reward. 117
For Sal
FOR SALE A No. 1 aecond ban!
Ford touring car. Inquire Forum
Cafe. LoweU. 11
Furnished Rooros
FOR RENT Nicely furnished house,
with garage, in Warren. Lawn and
trees, etc Inquire M. Moore, Phono
437. $00
FOR RENT Nicely furnished room,
with heat and private entrance. 33
Quality HU1. 78
FOR RENT Furnished
Clawson Hill.
nxMn,
99
82
rOR RENT Two furnishel rooms tor
man and wife, with water; $2L Meit
Stop. J. E. Caia. .
FOR RENT Three hoaeke-pln!
rooms, it Laundry 1IHL E. J.
Shearer. 94
WOOSZ HOTEL Furnished rooms
$2 0 per week tad vs. 40S
FOR RENT
Biood Hill.
-2 room house, Youn
Mrs. Lanoy. Phone 104.
115
FOR RENT Five room house, nicely
furnished: gas connection, water,
lights; good location, near car lino,
at Warren. Phone 743 Black. 16
FOR RENT Stall for two machine.
Inquire Mrs. Preston Fletcher, 2t
Tate Hill Johnson Addition. 51
FOR RENT Modern 5-roon apart
ment; rlo.te in. Apply Joe Wcken
stelu. next to Review Oltice, store.
90
FOR RENT Four-room partly fur
nished house. 20 X-;viL Ave., Joan
son Addition. No -hildren. 92
NfoceQaneoo
I HAVE 4 vacant lota tu El Pio.
Texas, to trade for I'?ht automo
bile. Roy Bona, Newberry's barber
shop. 23
FOR EXPERT piano tuntns. work
guaranteed. Raymond Martini, Red
53V 937
BL.VCKSM1TH. Horseshoe.t. Re
paring of alt kinds, also place for
automobiles to park: springs welded
a specialty. Mason Blacksmith, Low
ell. J. L. Strajick. $29
Money To Loan.
SMALL quick loans on your personal
note to salaried men and omen, al
so oa turn i lure. Cox Loa Co. Room
2. Lyric Theatre building. 1(4
PROFESSIONAL CARDS
PAT CLEART. painter. Member
Builders' Exchange. Box 1495. 347
?" AiimrMr asm
World
Opposite Y.V.C.A.
P HO HE' .7:3.9
fin Vk'B e&H uALLtU run AHU
mmU f l.yy delivered
mm mmnm mm u V
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY MORNING, JANUARY 2, 1918.
FOUR
ORPHEUM THEATRE
TWO NIGHTS
Commencing Friday
THE DAINTY MUSICAL COMEDY OF YOUTH
'Where Everybody Goes to See Good Shows'
TONIGHT, Starting at 6:15
n 1 - -m 1 1 1 1 iin-m in n
ML THEATRE!
HEN
-? i.v,.vi 4 it - r,
. 1 - ' i . T 4
i HMF
J 1 II 11 M
3 RU
ONE.YEAR- NEW YORK &CHIGAG0
SIX MONTHS- BOSTON & PHILADELPH!
.
Theatrical Event of the Season
A STORY OF LOVE, ROMANCE AND GAIETY,
SACCHARATED WITH HUMOR, SONG AND
DANCES GALORE BOOK AND LYRICS BY PHILIP
BARTHOLOMEW MUSIC BY SYLVO HELM.
THE SAME SPLENDID CAST, INCLUDING RAY
PRUETTE, JR., LORAIN LESTER, ABBOT ADAMS,
MAE FINCH, ROY BARTHOLOMEW, CARRIE
GLENN, F. C PALMER, CAROLIE CLIFTON AND
THE
YOUNGEST, DRESSIEST, DANOEST
PRETTIEST CHORUS IN AMERICA
THE MOST EFFECTIVE MUSICAL COMEDY
YOUR SENSE OF FEELING BETTER "GROWS"
THERE IS NOT A DULL MOMENT
PRICES $1.50 $1.00 75c and 50c Plus War Tax
MAIL AND TELEPHONE ORDERS NOW
I EAGLE THEATRE
I r.RF.ATFR STARS CONTINUOUS FROM 1 TO 11 GREATER PLAYS I:
Goldwyn's Special Production
A Wonderful Picturization in 8 Acts
of Hall Caine's Greatest Book
HTO
7
11 .
IP
Ok V Lu AJ
ADMISSION -
Big Double Attraction
Big Double Attraction
GEORGE WALSH
In a Picture Cyclone of
LOVE ACTION AND ROMANCE
"This Is the Life"
HE WOULD BE A MOVIE STAR
But by mistake he joined a band of South American Revolutionists and plays his
part so well he is sentenced to be shot at daybreak.
ILSO
"A PULLMAN BRIDE"
A .Hilarious Paramount-Mack Sennett Comedy with an All-Star Cast, including
Mack Swain, Chester Conklin and Gloria Swanson.
THE MOST COSTLY COMEDY PRODUCTIONS ON THE MARKET
NIGHT 15 AND 25 CENTS
lis. director of the state burtau of
mines, will have charge of the con
vention and will be one of the prin
cipal speakers during the three days'' bund is.sne. carrit d t-is month will
session. General discussion on the fce none in:o snd a call tor bidders on
various safety nrst metnods employ-1 w ill also he made and it
ed in the various mines in the sate , expected a two or three day session
will occupy for the nut part the;win b necarv to complete the
attention of those attending the con-j ahead
jxention. :
" (FORMERLY REVIEW REPORTER.
MAY BE APPOINTED. j. Recent lispat.hes state that John
! . . . ... . Francis Nevan 01 sin rraniisco has
, vices reteivea nero irom i noeniii . . - j , . ,., .
yesterday are to the effect that U H.! S T.mhPr f, ? V f-'10! !
jWhitnev. former city attorney, is to ul '"-"""- "-"-""5
'succeed F. C. StrucWyer. on the ? a" "Wra vacant V'-
i state commission of state institutions. , R'ts PfP'f ...w,!1 mPrai N"
It is said that Strockmever was onlv ,ocal Ullc n5iin"
U, ,,- m , ,k.;. Me also was at one time a member of
v-.v v.,....u..-.-...u .u , 1:K. Cm-la.'
Puriii.? the past summer Mr. Ney-
I orpaniration started and that Whit-
I nov m-ITl rw Ka mada tko l t-rii
! member of that commission. He is;,a J1? hi? ?" I
J ney General to Wiley It. Jones.
il ia m'aiu iuun'i v I
after several years ser- j
boaril. He is strongly
practice law,
vice on the
backed as a future candidate for cov-
jemor of California and is one of the
ATTEND MEETING.
Supervisor Vance Johnson went to ; republican leaders in that state.
Tombstone this morning to attend the !
session of the Hoard of Supervisors.
' which is an important one and at
i which considerable business will be
! up for disposition. Among the mat
ters will be the opening of bids for
! various supplies to run the countv
NOT SO GOOD.
The Risbee citizens who have be
come slaves to the 't'oUe route are
beginning to realize that the dop,
that is now given out in the various!
soda fountains is not up to the form-.
i
ADMISSION: MATINEE 15 CENTS.
J
during the coming year, which willler standard. The fat is jhat the
cccupy almost the entire day. besides I government has rut down on the sup-1
'the usual amount of routine business, i piyo of sucar that ws (ormerly usel;
The reading of annual reports of the I in its manufacture and substitutes;
various county officers including pre- are used. A uur.-.ber of them havei
cinct officers, will also he before the! row switched ar.d ar coins o root1
board. The proceedings of the road beer route instead. I
Orpheum Theatre
TONIGHT
Starting 6:15 TONIGHT
HILL and PAYNE present JOE LEE and GENE POST
IN
The Waiter and the Chef
A Musical Farce in One Act
Triangle Film Corporation Presents
LOUISE GLAUM
IN
"GOLDEN RULE KATE"
with
The Vampire Woman at Her Best
ADMISSION 20 AND 30 CENTS
' seen during the past fe-ar weeks in dif-
ferent parts of the county. Quite a
j number of hunters were out Sunday
to bag a few and the majority or them
returned with well filled game bags.
NEW JOKE BOOK. '
A man went into a Bisbee store
yesterday and asked for a joke book.
The storekeeper handed him a time
table of the Golden State Limited.
HAVE RETURNED.
Many of the students of the Ari-j
zona university who have been here
to spend the holidays here with their,
parents have returned to their stu
dies at Tucson. j
SHOULD GET BUSY. j
There are several old bachelors in
Bisbee. among the city pioneers who;
should be attended to without waiting
for leap year, which is two years'
ahead.
BACK FROM BENSON.
Mrs. James L. Gannon has return
ed from Benson where she has been
for the past week on a visit to her
mother. Mrs. M. Kensella who has
charge of the Mansion hotel in that
city. I
Business Locals
Expert paper Danger and painter. C
J. BrandL Phone 456. Box ISO. 6S0
Dr. Playfalr, Osteopath, 98 Mastrn
Hill, Mason car stop. Phone Bine 647.
At. 131 !
PRIVATE SANITARIUM.
Call Black 573 for terms, etc
Advertisement 974
L. L. Gilman sella the New Edison,!
"the phonograph with a soul."
City Briefs
Haa anyone visited yon? Or
have yon entertained? If so, call
the Review after C p. m. and tell
the Society Editor, Phone 39.
BURDICK FUNERAL TODAY '
The funeral of Mrs. Elixa Burdick.
who died at her home in Johnson ad
dition last Saturday, will be held this
morning at 10 o'clock from the Catho
lic church. Rer. Father Mandin will
officiate and interment will be made
in Evergreen cemetery. j
CALENDAR CALLED.
The calendar of the civil non jury
cases will be called this morning in
the superior court at Tombstone.
After this class of cases has been dis
posed of the court will call the jury
and the balance of the criminal cases
that are untrid will be tried and then
the civil jury cases. The trial will
probably be called about the middle of
the month.
BISBEE TOMBSTONE STAGE
Will ran daily leaving Warren at Cole
building at 6:30 a. m. and 1 p. m. Bis
bee at EL P. S. W. depot at 7 a. m.
and 1:30 p. m. Tel. 366. Joe Segar
Adv-5S0
ON WAY TO TOMBSTONE. j
Supervisor Jack Sparks of IXtuglas'
was in the city yesterday on his way .
to Tombstone from Douglas to attend 1
the nesirm nf the hoard I
ROCKHILL'S STAGE.
Bisbee-Tombstone, Leaves Bisbee i
Bisbee Auto Co., 7 a. 1:30 p. m. 7-;
passenger cars. Careful drivers, '
Phone, Bisbee 5. Adv i
DR. HELENE T. WEBB j
Has opened parlors for chiropody and ;
manicuring at the Boston Apartments. '
Adv.fiCg'
HAS RESIGNED.
Miss Annie Cowan has resigned her,
position in the office of the Phelps j
podee Mercantile company affler a!
number of rears of service. !
HAS RETURNED.
Miss Yda Paff has returned from a
two months vacation in southern Cal
ifornia which she spent on a visit to
her parents. As she left with Miss
Clara Olson, who returned a married
woman, some of the young lady"s
friends are rather punled whether to
call her Miss Paff or Mrs
At any rate the young lady has re
sumed her duties as teacher in the
public schools.
QUAIL SEASON CLOSED. 1
At midnight on Monday nUhLi
when the whistles blew and the bells
rang the curtain went down on the,
hunting of quail until next October. j
Kirds were quite plentiful during the,
season and many large flocks were!
WILL ATTEND.
The Safety First teams of the Cop
per Queen company and the C. A.
mill attend the convention of the Safe
ty First and First Aid representatives
that is to be held in Miami on Jan
uary 3. 4 and 5th. They left this
morning. The session is to be on the
order of a get-together meeting and is
desicned to give the men a chance
to get acquainted. Prof. Charles Wil
I'-oyritM Umit HrilTnr A Hurt
Good clothes and nothing else
fin HAT'S a good rule to go by for you as
well as for us.
It's the only rule you can follow when you
come here, because we haven't anything else
but good clothes.
"The best is the cheapest" is truer about
clothes now than ever before; and the best
clothes are made by Hart Schaffner & Marx.
Buy them for real economy; for style; com
fort; all-wool; fit and the guarantee.
V)
The home of Mart Schaffner Marx clothes
15 AND 25 CENTS
LYRIC THEATRE
PROGRAM CHANGED DAILY
Balcony 5c
Reserved Seats
Continuous From 1 To 10 P. M.
Lower Floor 10c
:oc
ALBERT E. SMITH AND J. STUART BLACKTON
PRESENT
Maurice Costello
IN
1 The Crown Prince's
Double"
lackers"
A Big Vitagraph Comedy.
BOBBY CONNELLY wiih LITTLE AIDA HORTON
IN
"Bobby's Country Adventure"
"Sliiis and S
ADAMS
A
V
Pure Chewing Gum
3
a duck a aa
keeps a 'm
away
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
AND HIGH CLASS CAFE
The best oi everything at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 60c luncheon daily. Also $1.00 dinner from
5:30 to 7:30 p, m. Regular Board by the month, $40:
$10 by the week.
Henry Poppen. Manager.
L. J. OVERLOOK, BROKER
Correspondent: Paine, Weber A Co.. Boston, Duluth, Calumet.
LOGAN A BRYAN, NEW YORK AND CHICAGO.
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK.