'Si ft . I)- ?f
TWO SECTIONS
Sixteen Pages.
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service.
J
VOL 20. No. 247.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MARCH 24, 1918.
." iDirr run? txttc?
-sir M
miiMwt our
11 fi ES
WEHTY-OEHE ISLE FROOT
1 1!
3 K U H Ul H h
! -
! 1
GERMANS
HA G ASSERTS
ENGLISH
HOLDING
AG A E N ST
Enemy Pays Dearly for Each
Foot cf Ground Captured as
British Stubbornly Resist
Stupendous Attack.
rRv Review Uaspd wirp)
BERLIN, Tia London, .Marcn a.
The official statement from General
headquarters this evening says:
"The first stage of the great battle
fn France is ended W e have won the
engagements near Monchy, Cambral,
St. Quentin and Lafere. A consider,
ble part of the English army is aeaten.
We are fiehtinir amiroximatelv on a
line northeast of Bapaume,
Beronne
and Hawz.'
i
HUNS PRESS ATTACKS .
,Mv R.... Win.
BRITISH ARMY HEADQUARTERS
IN FRANCE, March 23 (By the A. PI
The Germans this afternoon were
pressing their attack hard on the rieht
flank of the British near Ham, wblle
on the northern end of the battle line
y.Ji.U-M fighting has been jinf. "i
pines jfstk j-y thou. Morv. . hich ha
t.i r. J 1..UUS eCvra! ttuis.
It is reported that some of the ene
my infantry pushed down across the
Somme canal and drove forward '
against prepared positions
io i
the British had retired.
German cavalry were seen
. . . . !
behind
the advancing German Infantry anl
there was small doubt that the attack
ing forces intended to make a supreme
effort to rupture the British line ia
this sector which is near the junc'ion
of the French and British lines. Thi
British strategical withdrawal alon;
the tattle front to hotter positions has
beon carried out deliberately and in
accordance with plans, thereby saving
the lives of British troops while the
attacking forces have been advancing
under increasing difficulties with huge
cost of life.
About Mory the battle has ben es
pecially fierce, aiid when the :tory of
the r.ritish defense can- be told it will
be a record of n magnificent stand.
The fighting here began yer.UTday
morning when the Germans attached
with a sunf-rior number of troops. The
British held on uuring the day but last
evening the enemy gained a Toothold
in the village after a sanguinary strug
gle at close quarters.
The Germans advanced for '.h's nevr
attack from CroiseHes and for hours
were held off by a company of British
machine gunners who were stationed
on hih ground rnd swept the enemy
ranks with a grilling fire.
The British organized a eounter at
tack as soon as the. Germans entered
the village and pushed the enemy back
Bitter fighting continued throughout
the night and it is not less bitter today
with fluctuating fortunes.
FIGHTING CONTINUES
(Hv r!'" lew I eaed 'tr-
LONDON March 23 "The battle is
continuing with the irreatest intensity
on the whole front south of the Scarpa
river," Field Marshal Haig's report to-'
night announces. '
"South and west of St. Quentin our
troops have taken up their new posi- suggested a possible solution. A rup
tiona and we are heavily engaged tuie of the British lines in the vicln
with the enemy.' ity of SL Quentin, it has been said,
"During the night strong hostile t- j might leave the French left on the
. lacks in the neiphliorhood of Jussy Aisne front unsupported. Retirement
tComimied nn );e Thr.f)
I
Bulletin Service and
Leased Wires to Keep
Bisbee Posted Today
Residents of the Warren district will be Informed of the progress of
the German offensive and the allied defense on the western front through
out today by a special bulletin service and the leafed wire of The Dally
Review. Bulletins will be received all day on all Important war news.
From 2 o'clock this afternoon the Associated Press leased wire In The
Review office will be in operation, receiving hot from the battle front the
lf.test developments.
Inauguration of this special service for the residents of the district
has been undertaken bv The Review to supply as soon as possible definite
information of this greatest battle of the war. The bulletin board in front
of The Review office will be poster wf'h the latest developments as they
are repr.rted from London, Paris and Berlin. Should the battle continue
in imrorTance and maenittide The Review will maintain a bulletin and
leased wire service until the issuance of the Tuesday morning editions,
keeping the district in constant touch with the situation.
CLAIM CAPTURE OF
Mystery Gun Bombards v ity
LlilEWIE PERSHING
FIRM FOR FIRST HAND
JO!
Array Men Very Confident in
Allies' Ability to Withstand
Shock of Teutons' Thrust in!
i
the West
(V.y Review leased Wire) i
lVJSHl1Tfl' Varrh 2.T The'
war department cabled General Persh-j
j ,aR anight t0 forward Immediately 1
delinite information of the exact;
sjtllation cn the bate front wnere
the BrftjHh tr are under lhe G?.
, onslaught i
j The onlofficlal word at hand was
; .,., ,,a.
' . . . . , .. ..
sued from London and Berlin.
American army officers would I
hazard no pinions, lacking no definite j
I " V .. .. .J ..J I)l..ntr.l.. 1
cu,,'vl!u, ' T .V'
jx.uecr. mci. munucu iu uic
! tual r?pulse of the German thrust uiv
shake a in the face of all rsports re-
cei ed.
Are Confident.
Both American officers and those
attached to the British and French
military missions looked with con
join"" f.n th-s story imf jlded from !
hour to liour as the German etfort i
progressed. A review of the day's
events as told in Associated Press dis-
notches thev aairf. mv no exonnd fir
assuming that the
alies resisting
power
,,,-v
would prove
unequal to Its
All reports were taken to prove that
the Germans had staked liv?s by the:
hundred thousand upon
designed to be overpowering bo'h be-
cause of the masses of men used and ;
rlfo recaus-1 of the absolute disrecard j
cf losses which marked its delivery, i
Thee was evidence that seemed to I
bear out predictions that Germany
was pr nana! to sacrifice 30.0U0 men
In the effort. It was with man power i
'n rreit masses and mt gun power'
that the first lines of tb? British de-;
Hire3 were pmetratod. j
The greatest shock ever hurled at '
'n nrTy rtr icrred to observers Inre
to hive been met by the British with :
great skill. It appeared that the Brit-j
is- -a s ensed the rush wb'era they ,
could; withdrawn slowly before it
where tW ou!d not. The ordeily
re'irement. American officers beli.ve
means defeat for the Germans in the
rnd There has b-en no loss of Brit-
ish organization, it was pointed out
"il e-erv foot of ground surrendered
has been bought ih blood. '
i ,l, , Brtin i
,or Keact,on- :
Militpry experts say such an effort
as tbe Germans are making cannot be
onrinurd Ion?. Every spot gained
means added difficulties of transport-:
ation and the consequent slowing ;
down of the forward movement. A !
day or two more of bitter resistance,
nven including further British retire- j
ment. It wag thought, would see the
Hr.net.-s of the German thrust lost.'
and Its power diminished. Then
ouia come opponunmes ior couiuer
attacks on a major scael. ,
seeking the strategic purpose of
te German drive, officials here not-
fa mat ins unnsn press nao. aireaay
(Continued nn Piiffe Three
HiSDATA ON DM
i
i
Rival Aviators Battle in Air as '
Huge Armies are Locked in Death
Grips During Unequaled Offensive
(By Review Leased Wire)
LONDON. .March 23. An offi
cial statement of the aerial oper
ations issued tonight ayss:
"A thick morning mist on Friday
prevented our airplanes from leav
ing the ground during the early
part of the day. When the n.ist
cleared there was much activity
in the air on one battle front The
enemy's low-flying machines were
particularly accurate engaging our
forward groups with machine gun.
"The enemy's massed troop3
again offered good targets' for our
low-flying airplanes. The location
and range of bodies of hostile
troops and transports were report
ed to our artillery and successfully
engaged.
"Eight and a half tons of bombs
.were dropped on hostile 'railway
stations in the rear of the battle
front and also on the enemy's bil
lets, high velocity guns, troops and
transport. Th9 fighting in the air
was very heavy, almost all the
combats taking place between Ar
ras and St. Quentin. Twenty-seven
enemy machines were brought
down and twenty were driven
down out of control. Two hostile
machines were shot down In our
lines by anti-aircraft guns and an
WITH HEAVY GIS
NEAR TOOL SECTOR
SAMMIES ATTAtK'AMliBNS HELD IN
a quick blow.1.. iter" ct i? r: i
nunareas or vas ensw rireu.wvmaus itut.cn i rum jiuVj "
Into Town Held by Hun,
Forces Opposite American!
Lines on French F;onL i
i
(Bv "Review TAoei1 "'Vlee I
WITH THE AMERICAN ARMY IN i
FRANCE. March 23. (By the Assd.
Press) Hundreds of gas shells were ;
fired by the American artillery on the
Toul sector into the village of St. Baus
sant. The American observers report-
ed that the work of the artillery was
effective. ' r
At the same time high explosive
shells were fired Into the town again
batteries in the rear of Its cemetery
and into Sonnard Wood, where, there
were other enemy guns,
An enemy observation balloon near
Montsec broke from its moorings this
morning and floated toward the Amer-
jcan lineB The artillery brought it
down ln No Man's Land, and then com
pietely destroyed it.
SECURE REVENGE
r P.trlow lnaeH Wlre I
WITH THE AMERICAN ARMY IN
Y IN :
FRANCE. March 23. (Bv the A. P.l- ,
The Anlerican guns retaliated heavily
flefl,Kt the Germans, who aeain last
ih, HrnnneiJ mor than 600 mustard
I'lthin
ag 8hells into a certain town w
tne American lines. There was no
wln anj the gas remained for hours,
The American artillery work was very
. accurate.
TAKE HUN PRISONER
WITH THE AMERICAN ARMY IN
FRANCE, March 23. (By the A. P.)
a ,.i , i" ,i .i thia
morning crawled nearly a mile, ap
proached a German listening post from
the rear and Jumped on the German
there throttlinK him before he bad a
5 chance to make an outcry. They re-
turned to their line as quietly as they
' went, bringing their prisoner with
i them'. He was put through an eiami-'
'nation by the Intelligence officers.
; MEXICAN GOLD PUT
i UNDER EMBARGO AS
! REGARDS EXPORTING
fR- BnH w Taad W!r
MEXICO CITY. March 23. A decree
Issued today prohibit the exportation
of gold In bars and of Mexican and .
foreelgn gold coins. It provides for j
the exportation of gold and silver bul-1
lion by special permit ln each case, j
As to the exportation of ore and con-
eentrates containing gold and silver. I
the decree issued ln September is still
In effect.
Silver pesos may be exported by
special penult in each case If gold to
the same value is Imported in return.
The decree exempts gold in bars and
national and foreign gold coins from
(innoii lot fooa anI i uu n rt msin i fa i tr
( sular invoices.
25, 000 PRISONERS IN THRUST
of Paris From
other by the infantry. Eight of our
machines are missing,
"During the eight our squadrons
dropped over fourteen tons of
bombs on hostile billets, ammuni
tion dumps and areas in which
the enemy's attacking troops were.
concentrated.
All our machines
returned."
FLIERS BOMB FRENCH
(" R-'-tevr I. - w '!(
PARIS. March 23. Many posi
tions and localities back of the
French lines were bombarded by
German aircraft today, according
to an official statement issued to
night. The statement reads:
"Enemy aircraft crossed our
lines at 7:40 o'clock tonight. They
bombarded several , localities be
hind the front without causing im
portant damage, but did not suc
ceed in reaching the region of
Paris."
BELGIANS DOWN GOTHA
t'tv He view l.eed Wiri
HAVRE. March 23. A German
Gotha airplane damaged by artil
lery fire was forced to descend
back of the Belgian lines Thurs
day evening. The three men in
the crew, two officers and a cor
poral were made prisoners.
ENEMY CAMPS
NAMED BY TEUTONS
rz !: Tt C cl:
Well as Soldiers Are Includ
ed in List Anr aunced From
Berlin.
(Kv Review Leased wire)
ARE
WASHINGTON. March 23. An of-! howitzer carried by aircraft Happear
. . . 1 ed to some as a possible explanation,
ficial list of 200 Americans now prt- j Some officera conceived the possi-
sonerg In German camp3, made pnblic j bility that in the outskirts of Pan?
'onUlit by tb? state department rec
ords the death of Charles Hemphill,
shot wt-ile attempting to escape In
September, 1917, and the death of An
T'cw Cempheil Murtroy. an aviator
brrurh down near Pargnv, Sptemtlr
JO. 1917.
The only American officer In the
list ia Lieut. Hrro'.d V.'illis of Newton.
Ttlass.. an aviator cip'.ured at Verdun
on August IS. 1917.. He is internea
at Camp Guterslch
Evidently Willis
. wfla an nffliA In a SVenrh fniirillA
! The list, reported by the royal Prus-
Iflnn war ministrv an-l transmitted hv ,
'he Germai eovernment to the state '
n.rtmnnt .k..k ih. on.kv, .,m.
. . .. y . .
?"": mJ"ln an 5De pan,sn 'eRa:
; eT- 'f,, e 7r!fnIV i Judge Erskine M. Ross, United States
Am1CPT1 troo1 lrench'judKe W. H. Sawtelle of Tucson and
rala- cres ot caprured snips ana
8urv'vors f captured ships.
inrvivnri rw fit iirun onino i
The list also includes the names of
American emineers caught In the :
German turning movement at Cam
bral. " The names of prlscners follows:
At Camp Brandenburg from the,
; '!ee' Souchan, raptured In the,
! NoIrthhSea October 8 1916: !
Herbert Henry(, Brooklyn: Cec:i
Savely, South Philadelphia: Arthur.
Crlssie, New York; Mike Perrible, Las
' Angles; Theophol'us Jones. Broon-lof uncertainty cbscun the dealls of
t ;the world s greatest battle, the guns
' rm ,ne fteamer Esmeralda, cap-jof which are heard In London tonluht.
tured n the Atlantic March 10. 1917: j there Is a measure of reller felt that
i Eln'er Sorrencen. Philadelphia. Dan- Ce-many has finally shown h"r hand,
lel Gerrinv. Shamokln. Pa.; Walter! The purpose and method of her long
'"''' vtniuey, n.r.; vm. i norap-1
- ... . .
stone. Washington; m
Parker. Spen
er. N. Y.; bdward Martin. I altimore; . the flr8t sfp toward them by break
John Sawyer. Dubuque. Iowa: Thomc9.inif through the allies line near the
Durfee. Boston; Paul Nagel. Belleville ' jllnrtion of the French and British
N. J.: Sam Youdin, New York. 'armies.
From the steamer Campana. cant;r- The attack has shown no new stra
ed In Bay of Biscay. August . 1017: tegy, but appears to be simply a col
Alfred Oliver. N. Y.; James DeTa- 098ai bow wJth m,8sea of guns and
ney. Brooklyn. N. Y.; Rav Roop. Bovne! raen hith-Ho never used. There is
City. Mich.: Charles Kline. Readine.jno gurprlse that the British line has
Pa.; Fred Jacobs. Pittsburg. Pr.; Al-;been force(l bark L,nes of defense
bert. Wm. Miller. South Chicago. , nave bent before all great offensives
From the steamer Bergen, captured ,n th(, war at fhe BrUlh people
In the Atlantic February l. 1917: j )ook to ,he armv for , tbat ,t shan
John Lepo. Baltimore. j not bresk
Frcm the steamer Bulgarian. cnp- wn cailMfn. the German of-
turrd in lhe Atlantic January 21. 19K: fl(,Bl r1g of ,ne nm d . ngh.
James Samuels. Kingston. Jamacl. m ot WM, to ,nMr ow p(K).
From the steamer Mount Temnv. ,e ,h ntnt OP lwporUinc of the
place and date of capture not given: , .-t n. wn. . ,.,
UBUUI iiuuii'in, uauir?B UIIIUO.
From the destroyer Jacob Jones,
ri i I) ... . i i 4 .. .4 i n
(Continued on Page Thr)
Distance of Seventy-Four Miles '
DISCREDIT IDEA
Of GUN SHELLS
American Ordnance Office,.-
Intimate Enemy Airplanes
j Carrying Howitzers Fire
i Bombs Upon Parisians.
j (H Review Tae? VHre)
I WASHINGTON. March 23. The long
i range bombardment of Paris by a Ger
1 man gun presumably 62 miles away.
announced as a fact today in the
! French capital dumbfounded Amcri
j can ordinance officers. The 22 mile
: bombardment of Dunkirk by the Ger-
mans more than a year ago had set a
irecord and ordnance officers of the
' American, British and French corps
frealv cntwe.leH thev never hfl4 ilream-
ed of monster gun with a range of
more than thirty mlL
Some officers frankly Questioned
tha'Thensf"roemifT
had fallen in Paris. Others sought ex
planation In new devices or secret gun
emplacements io the vicinity of Parts
None wanted to believe that any gun
had been invented by the Germans or
anyone else that could throw a 91-2:
inch prpjectlle slxtpr miles. If the Ger- j
man experts have evolved a wholly ;
new type of gun cot dependent upen
the same mathematical factors that
govern ordnance everywher3, officers
here think it highly unlikely thpt ihey
would employ it for an Isolated and
meaningless attack on Paris.
It might be, some officers thought, j
ZuurL i. n tk.T.;rt.. o,; f
; calibre shells on the city was part of
that a continuous dropping of tedium
.'a hope for breaking the
spiril OL.
France by some mysterious
visitation.
The finding of shell fragments bear
ing the marks of gunfirlng seemed to
preclude the idea of any ordinary air
plane bombs. It was suggested that
monster airplanes mounting guns
might hare been used but no one haa
; ever conceived the possibility of car-
rying a 9 1-2" Inch weapon In the air.
'A short range, lightweight, inverted
; there might be a hidden gun. It was
i admitted that it would have no mili-
tary value and could only be a weapon
of terror and its discovery would be
certain. A bombardment of Paris at
at distance of 62 miles appeared to
most of the ordnance officers as such
a complete surprise that they found it
difficult to talk about it.
DENY INJUNCTION
LOS ANGELES. Calif.. March 23.
"ne preliminary injunction sought by
n r. DUHcr, io-iuiTiy vice presiueni
f the Nw Dominion Copper company
to require the Arizona corporation
commission to vacate an order requir
"'8 n'm io pool nis siock wun me
treasury stock nf th mmnanv waa He.
nied todav br United State, circuit
, d B p t,,,,! Httina- en hnc
' here. The hearing of the case on Its
merits will begin Monday at Tucson i
before Judge Sawtelle.
REACHING PARIS!
GLAD GERMANS SHOW HAND
(My Itevlew In.e4 wire)
LONDON. March 23. While clouds
talked of blow are now plain. Hln-
. tjeiuurK9 uievii.r uuuuuuiruijr in
f hannel norts but he mirnoses to take
i has been recorded was Emperor Wil
: -
I Ham designated as commander in chief
land the crown prince mentioned.
French Capital Also Bombed
From Air by Enemy Craft
As Shells From New Simer
Cannon Hit City.
ilv Review Leased wire) i
PARIS. March 23. According to the
latest reports the long distance can
non which bombarded Paris this after-'
noon was firing from a distince of I'M
kilometres (approximately 744 mile3;
and was located about 12 kilometres
behind the German front. !
DAYLIGHT AIR RAID.
fHy Review I.ease.1 Wn) 1
PARIS, March 23. The first day1
light air raid on Paris came today.
I which was one of perfect f unshine. ;
'The people of Paris refused to im-i
mure themselves in cellars and other j
ubsterranean shelters, and. although ; nv R.fw ,
the subway stations were crowded. AsPnuitIlur the British lines on the
, the streets always had a great numb, r j south the Geruiang ljve forcej ,lie,f
of people in them watching for an aer-' wav forward over a front approxima;
lal battle or some ether stirring inn-, ,y 21 mi,ps , ,enKtht httTe Denetrated
denct. to a dpQta nf f01)r or fiv(s miles west of
, Shell Bear Rifling ! Cambral and have reached Fan. wo"!
i As the day passed and the All of Bt ouentin. a distance of about
Clear" signal was not given, the feel-in,De rai,es wpst of the yrM9b linM as
ing grew that something new in th;thy 8tood before tlie lnreption of
,way of a raid was expected, and this TfJtonlP offensve on Thnrsdny.
k- a a rtt ArnlqlnAil until on nfrmfftl ! ....
" " , .. . V.
"atemenl , suea saying nai me of fh rentral eral)lres are fighfiriK on
'7 WV dUe ,0 the bombardment 'a line northeast cf Bapaume. Peronn
' 5LJonK a"913"0 oannon- ! and Ham has. not been substantiate;!
official dispatches but the
"tlmiTtAn9tUb repfrU thOW that, ,ha"
2n,EMtrhJiL i teen a retirera8nt at various P0'"1"'
cuS2.aJS "l,p L'J XJu nn emintln psperial!y at SL uen,1n- wh"e FJeld
LSf0.. VlZu"?t?Ji Marsha Ha!lf sa8 nU forcM haT
! " 'ri"J "vV. ,1 l.j
wnicn proveo. inai tuey oaa noi own
dropped, but had been fired from a; . . B
gun. This apparently left a grea'crj Claim Many Prisoners,
mystery than ever.- a to where the According to a Berlin disnatch "a
gun in question was located, the na- j considerable part of the British am.'
ture of- it and by what method it was i has been beaten." but this is not horn
being operated. I out by any fact? so far nown. That
Another thfng which turned the j 25,000 men have posiihly been cin
thougbts of the officials at the muni- tured by t?i Teutons miv be conH
cipal laboratory to the possibility that ' ered as a natural result of the f!
a cannon was being used was the regv Ihdral on various parts of tl
i "Jar" with which the bembs feli. one,
evervwenty minMer.
CL. Ck.lt..
After the aerial b.ittle most of tlnr-,
who had taken refuge in cellars, hear-
Ing no sound after hnlf an hour's stnv..
came out and remained in the streets
about their docri. wandering , at fie
i prolongation of the raid wWch gener
: allv do not exceed three hours.
S:hool children wero marched to
shelters which bad previously been
allotted them. Many restaurants were
closed. Larze stores which had iust
finished arranging their windows Io- ! harmed t nunrtr hoi'r intervals be
ered their shutters and sent t.'iem cm-' t-lnrine Sptun'av forenoon, v-itli sheiis
ploves into the cellars. cf about nle Inr-h r-.lbre. The soii"-e
Paris ware an aspect re'allinir the of the rrniM-r'moiit h's not heen r-
early davs cr the war in 1S14. Tele- vealed. The nearest pornt on tl'e rront
phone Kirls remained ot their po.-:t-?. Is 2 m'les t':trr.t trr.-e than twi e
very fel taking advantage of the ud as far . ar'illrrv fire ha? ever rerch
ministration's permission to reeU rr.- ed nrev'ovslv One theorv fiieested
u;? if they wished Tramways and !s tht be Ge'tri!s have cevelonert
anfo busses stopped on the streets an aerial tnre-lo v h'.rh ran he fi'e I
and the rondncfora and ticket collec- freni a 'ons liis'ni"'''.
j tors sought the nearest slie'tT The1
i subway trains ceased running and the
tuber were used by pedesterians to ; Briti?!! line In tee t,? Quentin ree mi
reach home on foot. tete vesterd'V. the Cermns for-;n?
The police were placed at each stcv their way thro'i"h the defrrsive syi
t'on to prevent a repetition of fie r- em and pmrelUnT a Pri'ish retrent
cent panic and prevented people from to prepared position within the rea
assembling around the entrances. Nine devastated tv tie Germans in their
hours thus passed and then Pans
learned that it was not being raicea.
but bombarded.
ANOTHER AIR ATTACK.
Ilr Review Tne,l Vlre
PARIS. March 23. Paris re-elved a
third warning of an attack within 24
(Continued on Pa;e Thr,e
Commentine on the creit battle in
I France, the Snndav Times says:
"In all previous ereat assaults the
chief success has been gained at the
first thrust, but in this battle whereas
the Germans were unable to issue a
flowery report at the close of the
first day it has to t" admitted that
their second and third communiques
will be more satisfactory from the
point or view. The German military
caste are out of victory, even if to
Bn thev must destroy the tv'Otde to
whom they promised Its fruits. They
have alreadv flung nearly one-third
of their entire western resourc-s
against the sector measuring one
tenth of the western front and must
continue to fling fresh divisions into
th blood bath.
"With time on our side and fewer
troops exposed to the death blast, we
may reasonably count on holding in
hand reserves powerful e-noush to deil
a crushine coun-t stroke when Von
Hlndenb'irg hss shattered his last les
aeaint the lmprecnabie British wall."
Nothing we have heari r to the
present would lead me to think that
anything has happen M which could
not have been expected. There is no
reason to come to the conclusion that
E
TD DEPTH OF
0
; (J
n
Bi.lin Claims Armies Fighting
On Line Northeast of Per
onne and Bapaume; Lon
don Admits Withdrawals.
' The Uernun Clam thnt the TOrceH
,aken P the'r ne' pwlfons and are
halri, n,9H nfh th, ....emv
line. This number, howl er, is ver
small n romnarion t- the forces Haig
,hai llirnnn Into the f"-v
The frightful cc.nbat continued sil
d3 Saturday.
The Kre.it Cfminn offensive on t1-"
western front has deve'imd as 's
-ilient feature an "rarentlv desnc
ate efofrt to break Imo th s.-'ithwest
cf St. Onention. drive n wedee between
the Prllhb ami the r'renili and push
on tos3 '9 Sn'nie rnn.-.l in the r'n
col directlcn of t'iimrie?ne rn,l Parl-v
Piiiuiltr.r,:n;sl'- r?ri: ;,.. been hom-
Br k F-'tlih Line.
There a? "n admHred pre ik in
retreat In th" rnrine of 1?1
This new l'ne also is new beins at
tacked by the Germans, and nes dis
ratches filed from the front Is'e in
the day indicated that the fie-htlr.
already ws hesvy in the vicinitv of
Ham. which represents a penetran-
j f inn of n'ra miles for the fier-
lCentlnne.1 ,n P'ice Thr-t
things are looking bad," General Sir
'Horace 1 oekwood Smith fiorrt-'n sva
' in an Inetrview itli the Weekly Iis
! patch.
i The Manchester Gu'irdlan points out
!that at no poiijl except on? would a
German victory be strategically devi
! siv?. addlns:
j "That poll is south of St. Qitent' i.
where a continuation of the present
rate of advance would imperil the po-d-
tion of the French mrth of the Aisne.
. Here ten south o St. Quentin. is the
I,
rhef danser zone."
The nnint made bv the Guardian '
of Inetrest In connection with Held
Marshal Haig's official report this
morning sayiat: that the Germans had
broken through wst of St. Quentin.
The Pailv News says:
"Although the allied strength will
reirh Its maximum onlv as the full
fore of America's contribution to the
war Is felt, the onenine of the great
est battle the world has known Is re
ceived with somethinsr like relie'.
The salient fact about the
offensive now in nrocress Is that its
authors cannot afford to fail. They
cannot afford to face a countnr left,
after another summer of battle to
count its gains and find them no mora
than a myriad of nameless graves."
MILES NEAR
ITY OP HI . '
TWO " THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MARCH 24, 1918. iTW
r
i
Black Shoe Polish
WHATEVER IS NEEDED in black shoe polishes or
cleaner, fr patent, kid or dull leather, you will find the
very best kinds here at V.ie lowest prices. Gilt Edge 25c,
oil paste in 10c and 15c cans; Russett combination foi
tan shoes 25c. i
tl 14 aci zl$ r W?gY.ftgl
White Shop Ctennpr
Y.TIiTK r :d colored kid cleaners are not always what
fl'.ty : rc re i,n:r.i( :nr!('(l to be, but we offer you only those
c'ti'ne -s ihat h.-ve been tested and proved ?afe and satis
factory. "VOTCE" is one of the very best, for white and
all colored kids, 25c.
There Are Many Reasons Why You Should Purchase
Your Easter Footwear Here; First and Important Right Styles at Lowest Prices
STYLE. The largest and most comprehensive stock of absolutely new
Easter Footwear in the southwest to choose from. QUALITY, no inferior
material or workmanship is allowed in "The Fair" store Footwear only the
best is used. SERVICE, This store has always been recognized as giving
the best shoe service anywhere in the southwest, all that the most particular,
discriminating shoe buyer could desire, a perfect comfortable fit our aim.
PRICE. No matter what you wisli to pay, you pay the very rock-bottom,
close-margin prices at which good Footwear can be sold and we wish
to say in this connection, that while s'noe and leather prices have been ad
vancing steadily for the past two years, there has been a smaller increase in re
tail prices at "The Fair' than in any other store in the southwest. We should
be pleased to have you come in and make your own investigation .
I
Men's Shoes and Oxfords
Right Styles Low Prices
YOU WILL FIND our stock of Men's Shoes complete and
comprehensive, embracing all popular leathers and colors,
and while we wi&h to impress you with the lowness of the
prices, e wish to place as great emphasis on the newness
of the models, and the faultless and expert workmanship that
makes them the best shoes that you can buy. The prices are
S." to $3 less than the same qualities can be duplicated else
where. Black Shoes $4 to $8
i MEN S Black Calf and Vici Kid Shoes in button, lace
and blucher styles; a variety of models from which to chose;
some all leather shoes that we guarantee as low priced as
$4 and then they grade upward $4.50, $5 to , ..... $8.00,
Tan Shoes $6 to $8
MEN'S Tan Russia Calf Shoes that tell their ow story ,
of low price and goodness, and there are so many styles that
you're sure to find you- favorite model here; button, lace
and blucher styles at $6. $6.50 nd $8.00. The popular Eng
lish last in a variety of new models at $6 and $7 a pair;
choice of black or tan leathers.
Digging Shoes $3.50
A MINING Shoe for men without an equal at this low
price, $3.50. We make this statement without fear of contra
diction, and firm in the belief that you will agree with us
when you see it. Made of heavy tan calf stock, with double
sole.
I Stetson and Walk-Over Oxfords
Much Belo w Their Real, True Value
BECAUSE we purchased these Stetson and Walk-Over Oxfords almost two years ago, is
the reason you buy them at $5 and $7 instead of SEVEN for Walk-Overs and TEN for Stetsons.
There's a variety of lasts and shapes that affoids the widest range for choosing.
STETSON I WALK-OVER)' ENGLISH
Oxfords
A t $7.00
STETSON Oxfords in the
mort popular models of tan
Russia calf or black gun met
al rait', in button or lace
styles; straight lasts, wide or
medium toes, a pair $7.00
.Oxfords
At$5.p0
WALK - OVER Oxfords ot
select stock, black gun metal
calf, or tan Russia calf, lace
or button styles, in the most
fashionable lasts and shapes
for men and young men, a
pair : $5.00
Oxfords
At$5.00
"ENGLISH Oxfords si) much
sought by the young man who
insists that his Footwear be
of the latest style, dull leath
er or tan calf stock, leather
or Neohn soles, a pair... $5 00
Low -Heeled Footwear
For Women and Misses
LOW AND MEDIUM HEELS are very popular again
tin's season, and in anticipation of this fact, we have
purchased the largest and most important stock of style
footwear with low heels on sale in Southern Arizona.
DESPITE their practical, comfortable, east-to-walk-on
qualities, these low heeled Boots are surprisingly smart
appearing they - really embody all the chlcness of the
high Reeled type of footwear.
Walking Boots
ONE OF THE smartest of these new models, is a Sport
or Walking Boot in a tan Russia calf with a gray suede
top, flexible welt soles, priced at only $7.50
ANOTHER model equally as smart in appearance and
cbicness, is made entirely of select tan Russia calf stock,
medium weight welt soles, an exceptionally good value,
at a pair :. $7.00
THIS ONE, a correct expression of what Dame Fa?h
fon calls style, a low heeled model of patent kid stock,
with white kid top. light turn sole, all sizes priced at $6.00
MANY OTHER models at popular prices from $3.50
to $6.00: all black with cloth tops; black with tan cloth
tops; and black with gray suede or cloth tops at $6.00
' . , w hit
Women's Novelty Spring Boots
$6, $7.50, $8 Upwards to $12
WE ARE SHOWING what expert buyers tell us is the finest assortment of
High grade dressy Boots ever gathered together in one store in the south west.
. They are pleatng to look ct and equally pleasing in their faultless fit and
economical wear. Shoes that hold their shape better, and, therefore, retain their
graceful lines longer than shoes that are indifferently designed and made. Wom
en's white kid button Boots AAA to D widths at $9 a pair.- High lace white kid
Boots turn' soles at $7.50 and $S. Champagne colored kid Boots, cloth top, $7.50
ivory kid lace Boots, cloth top at $7. Canary and O vster white kid lace Boots
at $12.00.
Women's Pumps and Oxfords
FASHION has set the seal of approval on low shoes for S-prihg and Summer
wear and we have never presented, a greateror more charming variety than is
represented in our new Spring assortment. SPORT OXFORDS are popular of
white Nu-Buck or white Sea Island canvass, the former at $6 a pair .the latter at
$4; patent kid, ivory kid. gray kid and dull kid pumps with Spanish Louis heels
at $6 a pair; other models with high or low heels in black and patent leathers at
$5. White canvas Pumps at $3 and $3.50.
Toilet Articles
at Lower Prices
COLGATE'S Big Bath Toilet
Soap 15c, or two cakes for 25e
STOKK Castile Soap 15c a cake, or
two for 25c
CUTICURA
cake
Toilet Soap
per
.22c
WOODBURY'S Facil Toilet Soap.
per cake ' 21c
JAP ROSE Soap 10c a cake, or
three Tor .25s
DAGGETT and Ramsdell's Face
Cream In three sizes, small Jars
at 10c, medium Jars 21c and large
Jars for 47c
POND'S Vanishing Cream per tube
or Jar 21c
Hind's Honey and Almond Cream.
per bottle , , 9e.
PO.MPEIAN Massage Cream, per
large size Jar 98c
POMPELVN Night Cream, per
Jar 31c
MILKWEED Cream in two sizes,
small Jars 47c, and large Jars
for 93c
ORIENTAL Cream, large jars
for $1.29
COLGATE'S Talcum Powder per
can ISC
SCiUIBB'S Talcum Powder , per
can .. 20c
RIVERIS' Talcum Powder, per
can 20c
MARY GARDEN Talcum Powder,'
a an 75c
CUTEX Manicure sets, two sizes.
at 29c and J3o
LEHN Sm FINK Poudre de Biz in
two sizes, small box for 19c, large
size for 39c
LA ELACHE Face Powder, box 44c
"COLO RITE" Hat Dye for straw
hats, a bottle for 2lc
CARBOLATED Vasseline, large
WHITE Vaseline, a Jar lc
PETROLEUM, small Jar 6c, large
1 Jar 10c
NONSPI, a preventative for pers
piring 39c
MUM. per Jar 21;
LIP STICKS, each .21c
COLGATE'S Dental Paste, per
tube , 20o
PEBECO Tooth Paste, per tube 39c
KOLYNOS Dental Paste, tube 21c
MENKEN'S Shaving Cream, a
tube 21
COLGATE'S Shaving Powder, a
can
..23c
Boys' Girls and Children's Shoes
Prices , Consistent With Qualiiy
WS RECEIVED large shipments tJie past week of boys', girls' and children's
; Shoes. Y.'e are ready now to supply their Easter needs with one of the best stocks
we ever had.
S'.urdv, shapely, dependable shces, that will stand the hard weare. fit easy and
give satisfaction. It will pay you to see this splendid new stock.
Children's Patent and White Top Shoes
INFANTS' SIZES 1 TO 4.'2, PATENT WHITE KID TOP. ,..' $2X0
CHILDREN'S SIZES 5 TO 8, PATENT WHITE KID TOP $2.50
GIRLS' SIZES 8, TO 11, PATENT WHITE TOP $3.50
MISSES' SIZES 1V 'a TO 2, PATENT WHITE KID TOP .. $4.50
PATENT KID with champagne coloreu
t loth top. batten style, turn or welt soles;
infants' 1 to 41? at $2.25; children's 5 to
8 at $2.50; girls' 8 to 11 at $4; Misses'
IHi to 2 at $4.50.
Bath Slippers 35c
A ONE DAY special, for Monday only,
men's and women's Turkish Bath Slip
peis. with tapestry brussels soles, all
sizes. C5c. .
Silk Hosiery
$1.50 and $2.00
WOMEN are realizing more and
more the chic appearance and smart
style, as well as the comfort that
(oincs with wearing pure Silk Stock
i.i gs.
And this is not an extravagant in
dulgence when such good kinds are
avaiuh)e at such low prices. $1.50 and
and at both these prices you will
fii.d every fashionable plain shade as
well S3 the new novelties in stripes
and plaids.
New Easter
Neckwear
35c to $5.00
THE ONLY trouble that most wom
en find in viewing this wonderful col
leiion of Spring Neckwear, is that
there are so many styles, and all so
new. novel. be:oming and attractive,
tt-at it is hard to decide Just whic h
one is best.
THERE is any number of smart
models in the newest chapes of wash
satin, rrepe de chine, georgette, organ
die, voiles and lawns, stocks, jabots,
vesicas, shawl and sailor styles, roll
jri'i b'sh cellars and collar and cuff
;:( prices begin as low as 35c and
ra;ii;e up to $5.
Sale of Silks at $1.98
Monday and Tuesday
IN VIEW of present market conditions it is hardly reasonable
that you'd expect a sale of the new and demanded silks at a re
duced price, but such is the case for Monday and Tuesday and
if you have such a purchase in contemplation, you cannot Af
ford to ignore this offer. Novelty taffetas and satins in bright
and subdued stripes, checks and plaids, just the thing for Spring
skirts per yard $1.98, widths 36 and 40 inches.
Kayser Silk Jersey $1.98
A VISIT to any ready-to-wear department will tell you how
popular these jersey silks are for Spring and Summer wear
and here's a chance to buy the very best grade of Kayser's silk
jersey at a very substantial saving. 36 inches wide, the coloi
rani e includes gold, navy, black, Kelley, apple green, Joffre blue
and rose on sale Monday and Tuesday at $1.98 a yard.
Easter Gloves $1.50
NO DOUBT you are plannine the purchase of new Gloves for
Easter if you want to choose from the largest assortment and
be sure of full value for your money, come to this store. A new
and popular glove for spring Is the wash kid, in gray, castor, tan
and brown, one clasp, finished with heavy stitching; sizes 5
to 7-"i; priced at $1.50.
ANOTHER is the white washable doeskin, one clasp, fancy
"Stitched, all sizes, price $1.50. ,
New Pocketbooks and Bags
of Silk and Velvet
98c to $18 .
WOMEN knew this store as one that appreciates the recpon
ribilif'es of leadership and specialization and that lives up to
its responsibilities by showing the new things WHEN THKY
ARE NEW and this applies to the new shipment of pocket
books, purses and bags that await your inspection here Monday.
IN POCKETBOOKS there's the widest possible variety in
styles and rhapes to please every fancy, made of the finest
leaders, with silk or leather lining prices range from 98c up
wards to $12.50.
BUT THE SILK BAGS are very popular for Spring and are
enthusiastically received by the women who follow strictly Fash
ion's lead; they are in large shapes, with leather tops, handles
and trimmings and novelty silk lining, priced at $8.50 to $18.
n :
LorauroytnicKersj)i.z,u
AN OPPORTUNITY for mothers to make a substantial
raving on iw' Corduroy Knickerbocker Trousers, of good
quality, strong and durable, well made, all seams taped and
double stitched, in brown color, sizes for boys from 4 to
earn. On sale Monday at $1.50 a pair.
J
WOMEN'S GARMENTS IN AN AFTER -FASHION -SHOW
New Suits, Coats, Dresses, Skirts and Millinery
Splendidly Ready for the Easter Promenade
THE I ')VELY new stylus win your admiration Instantly and the longer one looks at them the more one finds to ad
mire,' Tor t .sir designers were full cf original ideas when they planned them. '
AND, liey pos.se.ss so many clever new little fashion touchy the they unconsciously hold one's attention and this ap-jl-'c?
v i h : ; miuh mi ha.;is to SuJr.i ;.nu Presses as it doc3 1 1' Millinery "ad Blouses. And what will please you most, are
t::e :.;op:- t phices :r. have attached to them . .
Distinctive and Unusual Suits
Priced at $39.50 Upwards to $49.50
YOUTi.'FUL types, plain tailored models and conservative styles. Their careful
tfilcring is emphasized by smart waistccais. narrow skirt3, well fitting sleeves and
shoulders.
TRIC-OTINE, Poiret twill, cnf.crd'ne. scree. tv.eed mixtures and wool jersey are
seme of the fabrics used in all the favored shades. Touches of braid, satin binding
or smart vestees add to their charm. Wcmen of taste and refinement are sure to
approve of :hese attractive suits.
mJ .
H I J
$32.50 and$37. 50
Tailored Suits
SPP.1NG MODES that captivate at
Klanct Sui s that are stunningly styled and
rieveloned in the fabrics of tiie hour; gaber
dines, serges.. mixtures and checks; in navy, bl :ck, rockie, gray, tan and green;
uish and normal waistlines. Never wre lovlier invaders of garmetdom at
J32.50 and $27.50.
Cloth Dresses $22.50 to $35
JERSEY and Serge Dresses are very popular this Spring. The colors are
especially well suited to 'these types of dresse.;, being sand, gray, rqfe. rookie.
French blue and greens. Trimmings are narrow tucks, foulard and embroidery,
Novelty Silk and Wool Skirts
MORE CHARMING than ever this season! Featuring the very newest in
deep belts and lar?e pockets and buttens; de eloped in barcnette. pus
willow, foulards, gingham and wash satins at -to up to $i5. Wool skir-s
are very much in demand and are ver.- smart in design and mau-rial. m
plain colors, chee ks, mixture, plaids and stri; es at $S.50 to $15.
Girls' White Easier Dresses
DESERVING of special mention are the charming while frocks for girls
and mi::es of linrn, crpe. voile and organdy, some are beautifully hand
embroidered, others arc trimmed with finest l.ice.s and Insertions and pretty
ribbons. -
SKIRTS are ii.ade full, flounced, pleated cr ruffled; novel collar elfe:
and new style sleeves; pr!:es range from $3.95 to $15.
Spring Hats $4.95, $6.95, $8.50
EM'tUAt'KH ' f'ese three moderately pr cd groups ef Spring Hats there's a very
comprehensive a.s ortmeiit. because of the nrnhersnd variety of styles it eontains.
liaM cf rery kind, for every use; strictl tailored hats, dress and sem dress ha:s. ot
'Hny 'riw. milen ii ml hemp in all Spring co'i ;s, with trimmings of small flowers, tailored
I. :k 'vs. oi :ih!ik ihs and ribbon Imws.
Special Showing
$25 and $29.50
SUITS
A LIE YOU ONE of the many women
v.ho long for a new Spring Suit that
i3 smart and becrming of good mate
i al and dependable quality but who
finds it necessary to dress on a limited
income?
. IP YOU ARE. It is Tor you "The
Fair" store put forth its best endeav-ors--.ii;d
the results aro surely worth
f'e efforts. When you see the smart
sniti we've- priced at $25 and $L'9.50.
you will have cause to rejoice and be
gbi' Mint such fine suits are so low
priced:
f SELECT
V EARLY
fiT" FOR
BUY
U STAMPS
THIS
U STORE
Lingerie Waists 98c
EVERYWHERE you read of a soaring market
cn fabrics, on labor, on everything that enters In
:o the manufacture of Summer Blouses but this
d.:en't look like advancing prices at "The Fair.'
d s it?
Mde cf sheer white voile and striped dimity,
with larpe sailor collars that are lace or embroid
ery trimmed; tailored styles, too, with new col
lars and sleeves a brgain at 98c.
Spring Blouses $2.50
THE PRETTIEST AND DAINTIEST STYLES
Imrpinable cf filmy voiles and fine organdies.
st nie are prettily hand-embroidered, others with
dainty filet or Venice lace; some have sailor col
lars and Jabot fronts, others are stric tly tailored
an exceptional value at $2.50.
V !
THE BLSBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MARCH 24, 1913.
THREE
HAIG ASSERTS
BRITISH LINE
HOLDING FIRM
contlnuM from Page One?
Irady Mar
; lidward
e northern portion of the bat- Martin J. Connolly. Brooklyn; Frank 5iIT EB f ,9 11 lff0'',rs had be"n la
the enemy's attacks hav? Daly. Iiidianspoiis; Richard Donnelly, J'ifjj HE"! IJ All it" ' :""t at a!1 i:'"'r'
ssed with the utmost deter- New York; Yinish Kdge. New Bedford. lf Mi II HE I 13 I j f certain po'nts
and regardless of losses. O'.r Mass; Albert Ferolio. New York; Ar- S I lk.i.lt.U system protublv
Yonkojs; Geo. W. Field,
Petnr I. Gallagher. Au;-
thur D. Field
Philadelphia;
i'vville.
Win
Hutchinson. Boston; Harry IlayneK. I
New York; Wm.'C. Kennedy, Brooklyn I
Harry Lavero. New York; John Mc-j
Tarty, Haverill. Mass; Thos. McFarren
New York: John McCarty, New Bp1-I
Frank Mellughes. New :
Fnnc!s Sulley. New York; Frank E.
.Taylor. Brooklyn: Arthur W. Thimme,
: New York; Charles E. Williams. Caiu-
bridTP, Mass; Jos. Itlake. Brooklyn;
'J. Allen. New York: John Hrai
'ginavalst. Bast Boston. Mass;
. i Jos. Hrennan. Brooklyn: Hd ward W.
(south of St. Quentin) were repulsed Brown, Albany, N. Y; F.dward Carle,
with great loss tc the enemy. Brooklyn; Kdward Clark. Philadelphia
"On the
tlo front
been presse
in ination an
troons have maintained their positions
on the greater part of this front after
a fierce and prolonged struggle.
"ijieat gallantry has been shown by
the troops engagf-d in the fighting in
this area and south thereof. 'The 19lii
and &th divisions, distinguished -thtni-slv?:
by the valor of their defense. In
one sector alone six hostile attacks, in
two of which German cavalry took part ; ford. Mass
v. ere beaten off by one of our infantry ; iork;.
bitrdes. i From the steamer Voltaire, captured
."The enemy's attacks continue with ', 'n the Atlantic December 2. 116. at
great violence." Camp Duimen:
Dennis J. Harrington. Leeds, Eng
LONDON. March 2?,. The guns' in land
France are distinctly heard in London' Tn following engineers were can
toni,ht. particularly in high places tured at Gouztcourt. November 30. 1917
there is a continuous throbbing. Many an(1 are at Camp Duimen:
persons have gone to the house tops Privates Frank Brooks. London;
to.Ihsten. jChas. Geoghegan. New York; John
I Lally. Westchester, N. Y.; Ulrich Slan-
UTTvIC Anutxtrr rurr- py- -New York; Harry Mason, Jersey
rSUrO ALV AiNUfc HVfc. ;City, Geo. Seaman. Long Island; Her-
MILE ON 21 -MILE FRONT rt J7"1"- Newark. N. J; Corporal
Frank Upton. New York; Wm. McKel-
lar, Tampa. Fla; James Madigan,
I Brooklyn; Edward J. Slallon. Yonkers
nwrn. Ham is approximately elevenjJonn Marco, New York; ,
miles southwest of St. Quentin. Thos. Martin. Brooklvn; Warren
A supreme effort bv the Germans MiJd!r,on- Toledo: Waller Motfett.
to ctit the line in this" region is fore-1 !!rook,vn: Jorn -Nvt rf;. New York:
a.-:t In tli cdispatches. Thev have pu? Karl v- Osrtn, New York; John
ccvWy in the field to follow no the, ORourke. Newark; PaTitk CT":ea
infrr.Jrv sr.d evidently intend to throw New Vr-rk: .lam-s Pr-er. Jeisry
the Uhlans into tie fray, when the Jr.- ri"T: Hein3 Re!a. Send Po'nt. Jdahc:
fantry olums open the breach the Edward, Roche. Yorkers; .Tchr Rrrrt
Gtrma h:?'3 command is counting npi 'ow York: Chas. Scott, New Ycrk:
on. :josph Sfgismcnd, New York; JaniTs
Further north the British lines. wh::e 'W" York,
thpv ;,avP drawn back, are holding well Frcm the stealer Mcunt Temrle,
in iheir new positions. The maximum eaptured June 12, 191G. In the Atlantic
r:;Mi retrogression there sfems to t Tamp Duimen: ,
hav been about four miles, at Morv. 3ot- MrGreal, Liverpool; Raymond
which hes changed hands several Gilbeit. Danvers. Mass.; Harry Gil-
PUB8IC ASKED TO
SAVE KOR
WIRE PERSHING FOR
' FIRST-HAND DATA
WHEAT!:
Continued from Pnge One)
ille. L. I: Robert Randolph. Mass: p j AdmrnUtrplin iVMr-
. ilutchison. New York; John F.rCOa AamUnStreilOn lUast
New Ruling to Cut Con-
here would bring t;;e battle lines
:oscr to Hjris.
Giaian rerorts that 2000 prison
ers had been taken were regarded as
cb-ble. The capture
on the first deiensive
v wss what made the
seitr.r of the line abandoned by the
British untcntrble and started f e
WOBBLY TRIAL
SEI m APRIL 1
gV SIinOET I R M 30' ir.?e :c-ie of im'ivcr.ible rfp..-n
Mining and Financial News
BY PlEVlEW LZ,C ED W:P.E.
M
a
YORK.
Marc
lv !.
T:i
urbf -d
tek if":
i'u-ns
e
e b-
. e pro-
t:".'A
s and
Crop Is Harvested.
fContimie-l from Parse One)
times.
French Attacked.
.Reports that the French have be
cemr involvnd in Uie struggle seem
rt -"ible. .:- iho reresion of the Lrit
1 7I1 rgl.t flank, wliich was resting ap
prr.ijn Hy unon Lafere. at the river
O.-.s voi'ld 'nevitably carry with it
the French, left, which rested upon the
Oi io. .
more, Kingston, Ont.: John Oennan
Ca-rbridro. Mass.: Dan Goolman.
New York.
From s enmer Breknot Vr.hire, cip
-l n v.e ,r,rn.f pc,rr-. 17
1917, at Camp Duiment:
I e-vi Faster. 22 Rotno'te St.. Seat
tie. Wn.
At C-"np Ras'a't. Baden. Alfred Dix
.-p. i''na rr'nt-T-'i a' lens. Ncvem
milk is ampl? to maintain health
The full seriousness of the wheat
situation, and some bf the difficulties
with which the iood administration
has had to conlend in warding off
i'-Tiii-.e from l" a'liea becime known
with the announcement of the new
pins.
With focd rations in France and
England cut to the utmost, there has
T!'e advance is beins accompanied her 21. 1918 addre-s ro rfven. ?tatea rnnlH nnt mBpt n.i.'ii,,,
hy a terrible slaughter of the Gei- At Camp Frankfurt, Maine: IMdo'n'i demands because nf t.-nnsnnrtatinn
wun yiro in tneir massed formations Bckcl and Nikrlaus. Hoiaiinn. both h.-ndiraDS. The breakdown in th
are K.rc cut to Pieces bv British gtiny civilirm. other details lacking. railroads upset the corn exportation
of all ralihres. T-e British casualties.! At Camn Beeskow: Dr. John Rmwn I jr hi.i,,lo cin xrn.h 1 h k,.
too have been heavy, pnd Berlin ; Hampton. Vai.. CDptured in Atlantic sent abroad onlv 14.nco.ono hnshU
f.ir.ms the taking of 23,000 British , from steamer Esii-erpMs. I against the 64.000.000 hush-Is r.f lnst
prisoners and 400 guns. 1 A Camt Holsminden. Jan. Knim- vear end the inn oon 0011 h,.si,i0 -hi,.h
F-nieror Villii-m himself is in ccm-i rningo. can'ured at Gande-shMm- It . hnnH t nj a.!i
lTipnd rf ih- O-nnan armies fighting; Feimnl Deiyken, Grenze. Holland : the foreien rmniilation hav hPn
this ha-r'e whicn h had previously de-;.io-a:in A?rhach, Nordenham; Wil- rendent on (wheat Their n-ed oi
dared would be the decisive one of Hani Herold. AInna J01 RH'ers wheat i ino fnr .f,a, a,h ,
t.jp war. end London commentators sal; August E. Roth, Turnhout: Karl the shimiient of Mm is aitm.iPH -tth
credit him wit.'i assuming this dosi Ri'ter Altcnn nrhor Ui.ii , .
... . - . . - , , . r - civRiu. firi iu& 01 iosc, qwihk io me pos
wi.h the mm of going down in history; At Camp HoHminden, Dr. John sibil! y or permanation. More than!
I? ZZJZTS? : C'"mbu: ?J.iss-: Veteri- 10.00 01 leH cf contract corn!
... .. ,,,,u u,c un- n,iU,j urvine jicwrm. New York. "a'hpred fo s'j'nment nhroart
mans win. as their leaders have boast- both rantnred in Vorth ai tZZ 8.f.P ?. !?t.r7?5
t.1 "pj Mould. 1 ijsfcanirr ri--nln rir ic,k,. c- 1 . . . , ... ..
Despite the advances made bv the' Norfolk fm Lipo.o. Vr . , ,' I :... .f- '1 we
' ni lo-s of confidence on the -Nrri'i Atlantic- vtrin., a i -
al .ed s de in the uiltmate outcome ) yptriski-- Fnlewond v -i fmm . D . , '
,- ,., . " ta-iawooo, .n. j., rrom 1 As the demand for wheat has grown,
ap..,irenr. "termer Mount Tomnio v--i. . : , . f i. ' ....... ,.
Krrinns hnf not r.lln." 1 h -'" - "e.'i?rs Iiave IIWir.ll-
t)pw -.n-l'Ti tal e? of the situation. a Catnn T-vhr' w Fr-s '-At'r-n-'-.
innmly centered e tn captured at Ekas-L-thr'rgt-n v,v
-. ..-T..T,I, ,rp fvpected to come hurt -n o
I i l:dr.'v.l. I re- niiiallv the lC.Ooo
men said b the Germans to have fal-
ii a Into t::?ir hands yesterday are In-,
i ciudeJ In th-ir newIisure of L'5.0 ,0
sdmntinn in Half llr'il Nt-xt '"''''"lers. The first captures rn-
sampuon in nair un.ii nexi floilljt( ,y were ma(le whPI1 tne fnnL.
;;i"r- wep breached. The remainder
probably is composed of real guard
liiiils left in position to hold orf ihe
"nemy until the Rritish withdrawal '
under fire had be?n accomplished, 1
tlif.i to surrender. j
No Wrd From Pershing.
Th- (.lerrrinn themselves lost Tiff;,
. thousand or more prisoners to "rr
if .:, i nd I.riiish in -h withdrawal
t c Smmi' alone, rnd a gr at nu:n
' - a's" v p?e faye"1 '1 the re"'iren.ent '
' om th" Mam-? during the first yeirj
of the war.
OTcinls wre hopeful that toinor-'
row's reports would show clparly the
"erman objective and steps to offset '
it.
Now ti'tt the Germans are so decp-
I Bv RpvIpw L"a.pl Wlrel
WASHINGTON. March T.'.. Furth
er reduction in the consumption of
whea: wa asked of the p.:b!ic tonigh;
iy the loed adminislrptioii, that the
ecHiit supplies availuble before the I
next harvest may be stretched t
meet the needs of the army, d:mesiir;
consumers a.'id the allies.
Every American is re'iifst',d to cut
his average ration of whe-if by 50 plt
cent which would reduce the toal
r,.;nth!y normal consumption to 21.
000,000 bushels. That gives ration
of not more than lt pounds of wheat
product weekly for each perscn. Flour; iy involved in their ent-rprise in the
sales will xse cut to one-eighth of a
tanel for a town customer and to
one-quarter of a barrel for any coun
trv ciislcnier, that retailers' sto-ks
may be distributed to as treat a num
ber as possible.
To Reduce Contsnt.
T
wt. Ouentin reicn it is thoiu:ht they
' ouln not Fpare large reserves to
face rttocks e'sewhere without chck-in-
their own udvaice.
General Peytcp C. March, chief of
f!?f". rrnonncet lrte tonieht Uiat the
war department had b-en in comnnini-
e wneai conieni oi D'lKers Dreaa ,i .,,,, n nri .f nj
will be reduced to seventy-five per;had been informed that Amer'can of !
cat cn April 14. which increases by!ficer, there still were without offi-l
live per cent the amount of substitutes ; cia information regarding the Ger
that must be used. ,rRn cffnsIve. General March said
Sacrifice in the whett ration will , nlsc that the denartment had not
cniau no narumip in ire opinion oi heard from General Pershin
food administration c'ficials. because
Jjdge Turns Down Plea for
Reluvn zi Papers Tal.en
Frc m I. W. W. Hcadquar..
ers by Federal Agents.
Py R -vl w T.e.':"l TVire)
CHICAGO. March 2.. The plea or
r::.aiisp! for the I W. W. for the return
'." rtf-T." rci.ed l.y fp'V'ral agenis 7n
' n:''i::'i-v'n!e action against niem-bt-rj
of that organization under tlie
f t ''23 denied by Jud?e
Lar.dis in the Cnitej State1; district
conn ?ate today.
At the samr- time Judge Landis or
dered the Trial of the 1 members
of the I. . W. und r ind'etment for
alk?ed censp'rary against the govern
ment cet for Monday, April 1. The ac
t'on cf Judge Landis came as a result
cf a request from George V. Vunder
ver. attorney for t.'ie 1. W. W.. who
said in regard to the trial, the sooner
i' I Parted the better.
Before setting the time for the trial,
the court overruled a motion to quash
the indictment against the 16S I. W.
W.
The I. W. W. papers which were im
pounded bv the court will be placed
vnder guard subject to the insnection
rt? District Attorney Clyne. Attorney
Vanderver protested against the
court's action in refusing to return the
papers, despite the fact that Judge
France.. High un d- t: Mr. aita fa
: r.f t if i.; Ti :!!-. . ir'-'c i ! to :i
o!nts ai.d in fc- 'n ;-..!. -.s ;; . 4
were nior ertensiv-;.
t.t c ;:i"'; e.ti.-itr: cve-y t-runc'i cf
;.if list.
I.'nitri! PtJte.s F'eel. Ilerdinr;, I'Id
win lo o i tiv- :i Hp 1 -h nr Steel
f r" tVe (".if- c:i':trlbit'or.5 in the
J::v' htrife io'.t! of 4T".''-' ' slu;r s.
rai'ei SK-.tos SippI T'de r.n ex-t--'ine
de'li:i-? r.f 1 ' , . Rc.idir.-' and
Iir.;dwi!i?. and V. hlchrm 2 to'n'.s.
ft her recc!!ms ir.c' ' !.' 1 l'T!ri t'n
i'!: ?.. I.' hi :"-, Valhy 4. Chesapeake
.nil Ot-ifs 2V. -Ate i , ; .4. t s! Nt,i
Ycrk (ntrat 2'-. :n ii-'u.il :i' Tea-:
COTT1W MARKCT.
V' cK. Mar.'S v '
!iip of
"f:v
r.'clTAL MARKET.
i c::K. iiarcb -.l.--':a.-
iier.
WAR ATtCTS MAPKET.
.1
!-'.t.f '.-
c'-.rcf
stute-
litht
'l,v:or
n; b u; t. i'C' i O n 1
;a-:si- n rf s'.i'-! iiy .r1 :h:.:; ',
"5 hi c::ee c ; were il.t
leaturs f.C ihe weekly bank
m.'nt.
f Ootids were !icivy on vc:j
with rails. Total al -s. n'-.vu w a:
:-iegatel ?) OT.'.OfO. I-n!?rl SMt-?s
' -- "s o'r! i -,. re'e unchanged on
rail diT.'n'r ti:c wcp):.
INCREASE RESERVE.
l'v H' vi-w Vir-
yrrw yo:u: Ma.-ch 2:. The ac-
condition of clenrir.g J-oue banks
and trust crmranie.s f;r the week
sf-ews t'.:t they hold $3t,!5o.S30 re-s-rv?
in excess of legal requirements.
This is an increase of $20.6."iO.02O from
las! week.
Nt.W 1
c;:st;inary
. j r.
'i t n' f"'
(i'.!:: 1 t '
c.i ;. )" e e:
Get r - e
i re.v V ins I r. ih
: ani. itttpp
i-: h. - t r It.
H vi'W a a VifP
.. K. Mur-. h . r. 1 ' fnj"t
r;''o:. i cf a ran Ift'l of
lr:i i:'ii" I'vrn? tit? !;'eat"r
wir. .;;n: ;n:Lii :mt. A
::mp -'! i-i t r iatn r
i'Vii fip-rrp'l
ilq ! ' t
a s'.arc.t
Hi-
(Bv
OATMAN.
Cr.lins & Bre'hertou )
'-?
Adams
.'oi a Rox
r'r.rna" Tc:o. R. ..
Coid O'p
P'jiindary Cone . . . .
Co!J H).il Bonanza
Cold Rre,! .. . . '. .
CoM Cliff ,
l ucky Div
Sunnyside
Teiluride ;
Ten- Roed
C.AIN MARKPT
CHICAGO. March 23. War a-tivi- ',ni'f Northern
ties atsorbed the a? ention
train
I f'nifpd U'es'er;
1 heard from General Pershing to whom
i a pa hi a w pnt trrhv nqltlntr u.r ..' . . . . . ' . . . ... .irtp-tl
the suDDlv of Dc:nto?s. corn, oats and! ..i.j n-v' ZL anais naa previously rpmarKeu mat, tracers touay an.i narrower tne vol-" "
- ucioiir'i i aiciiit-111. i tiiirti ill man
declinl to comment on the situation
1 no possible benefit could, in his r.pin- .'"'e cf business b'H had no apparent'
as set forth in British and
statements.
German
REDMOND ELECTED.
ion. accrue to either side through their effect on prices. Corn closed steady OTHER
return, w'-h he ?aid would be a at the ?ai1:e as yes'erday's finish to Gadsden
"useless ceremony" since the only re-1 cent loner wMi March $1.2TT, atui (.:reen Monster ..
suits possible by the return would ! . May il.KV,. Oa's -lust 1 to 1'-. R'J"e London .. .
simplo retention, destruction and r"'p fin'sh in provisions was unchang- r--'r('e--!
loss. ed to 12 cents down. Venture Hill .. ..
"The warrant upon which the papers Ttar.sac Jons in t'v corn pit came 1 Fisshurgh Jerome
were secured was an lnsulf'.nient war- almost to ? standstill. The ban , Jcro'ue Verde .. .
against loading wetrn cars wi'h : ' rknns:;s-Arizr.i .
'rments intended fi r the east oper-1 .'eromn Portland
I By Rpvi'-w I-nst il Wii el
WATER FORD. Ireland. March 23.-
The elect. on of Captain William Red- rant sa i' was baser! upon a showin;
m-nd today to the house of commons palpably le?s than that in th Veeder
i'-j'-er Iir. White, a fcinn reiner. was raye. said Jude Landis. The war- ated to curtail demand. On the oth- Inspiration Needles
I accompanied dv uisoraers hre whlcn rant was issuea trom Judge Land.'s er hand weati-er conditions were idea! I "''I' Corner
lasted all nignt. crowds or men and : court berore tne court or anneals hart for fiMd wc k and the resultant falling Mr giva Chjef
women paraded the streets. Wincows ! held the warrant upon which seizure ofr in the crop movement was strong-1 Wolverine ArizonV . .
were broken, firearms were used and , of papers from Henry Veeder. attor- ly in evic:tce. Verde Combination
twenty persons were injured. , One of , ney for the packers was based, to have Beneficial rains southwest counted ' Nacozari Consolidated
the?,e Is Tr. White, who was hit on j been issued upon insufficient evidence. ' also as a bearish factor. Absence ofl'-'ore Anex
the head with a brick when the re-: t seaboard bids pu'led down oats. ' Porphyrv Co?.'.'.".. .'.
suit of the election was announced. i REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS j Foreran o". liberal re.-eipts of hoes . Calumet" & J rome ..
P'd Ask
. . . ,r
. jz .or.
. .44 .41
. .0.; .i::
. .0-.
. ..
1".
. .i'2 .0.1
01
. .12
.1.95 2.o
.4S7 :.i.
. .02 .03
.2")
S.
2.S7 SOI
. C2 '.;")
.19 .22
. .73 .S7
.... .;
. ..SB .00
. .62 .f.3
. 08 .11
.... .2
. .06 .12
. .40 .4'
, .23 .7
.1.60 1.73
. .69 .S7
. .40 .41
. . .0i 10
. .70 .7.
.123 1.37
ti
ed.
fr rt f
in
At
ncr or
"wt-c in Pa!etine.
- i-tt(j in the. west has
'd.n'l p'her news to become of
' "-rrnce tv cora-ar!scn. but
-'"rfhle it'erest ' atta'-Ves to tne
'"""fn 01 runner I'rtsh sue- ,
j-aieatine wnere General I
- -,t I -v." fr-i ed a cropsfiie
"-r- - v-ir Tn t"i nd fire fi-rh'in-hf'"
" t" c-istv.ard after successfully
'!" stream.
t r,;vi-- ti,0 n-vstcrious bomhard-
,.- r: r:- 1 1, a ,.;fv v a, stimjected
, i- r-f rtavligjit air raid, carried
I'.'i'tlv nffer 8 o'clock Saturday
tv n,.!.-.. v-ero droncd nt sev
err.l I'Dlnts hy the few mac'iincr f;v-
in-; at an exireniply high altitude. ii,,ir
1:IIIC1I, VI
onv Po'nt. N. c :
r '
c'
cecs
1-
r;ps chp
Krns.; .Trh;i
noil, Oklahoma; Hoyt Per'-rr
P. J.P? T'-.f-
n r-
,Je-n - n
:-! P
?:rci-
The usual flowe of. grain to mar
fei reaped in the last nfonth
1-- 5; 0'iO.Oi'O bushels weekly to 3.-
" ' ' 'tc. it '! drclired. to th? de
' ' :-Te's to hold out te-;r irrain
'rr f higher price pioro??d legfsla :
- !efr -cmrFs C.-rn growers'
; e r Jdcd to the ccn'usicn by threa-.-:
' -' fce p-rn price is rot
Tauz 1 and fixed, as the price of whert'
l as toe:i fived . th -v wn il l ni tri
' ." . -neit ins-ea-1 cf corn t.-lrc, oi.ic !a's .
zrc'ii''oitr' N'-ve.., -r 1117. cPr. 1 ctp rn-nlv. ' ;
!,! Mat8!!-!1 -.vcnson, New The price of flour-will bp Increase;
, , v.C S"- If fhp J" r.n hnnl.nl
Ken ."a 1.
v ;
rsur.
e.i''
Ycrk.
At Ca tll" Cl IV-f!,n y
Lemmr i ' i'iiiii r'a'p. ul;u-
?.l (l.'--K-. -nt Hten
ai i amp iiavelberg, captur 'd
apt.ir-
in
Gert-'an fit'r
Josef and Maria Foaster. Jacnn
Nocliuni Giik'uis. Leon Pninsinnn icoi-t
k r whert becomes l.-.w. ac ordim--to
1 n,j ' lr.!'tr.:ti.-n o "fit-Ials. Food
administration officials p-ij tou'gi ;
!r work had been hampered by ihe
rn.'nsal of r.nny persons to eo-epsrate :
?n fo-"! c-nsumrtlen. Cne GJrman-j
Anerican in New Mexico was discov-
.-pr.;pi ti pene'ra'ing over
A niii;i'KT of casu'atlos re-
ENER-Y CAV Af.
NAMED BY TElJTOxNS
(Continucfl from Pngr Otip)
ruito X5raun. addressps riv eed to havp rnfuwi cnan k....'. 9
pti show foreign residences. Taken wheat and to have' purchased an ad
rrom an enemy munitions shin Octob- ditional 100.000 bushels, a'l cf wh' h
er g, 1.116; Herbert Henry and George he stored and refused to sell ,Th3
r7t'JjllT?vn?lKiVen- .-aiu w s req.lsi iorel. Several 'sim-
lie ff,. ? y ,he common Vnh- 'la- c-rej in Minnesota are under hi
of nr& the Ht."S'-n "d the full power of th,.
-Ti n:, law r il1 fce ,nvoked P"nish hoard-!
w-r vl df,? a"y Prl8ner of t-st aUempts to hamper t!:o pro-i
w-r interned in Cermany should be e:u ion C the war j
"TL lP. the. Poner b, name . To Restrict 'Mill
c..-.red in WznneC De- iaNew York C tyTnd't'hTnlme KEFV"" '? e"frement oft
r-nbrr 2C. 1917: location of the prUn camp at which i l Z tT e VOTM ,
!Krt,VMPlln New Ped ford. Mass; he is interned" i 7 , J7. ,h! fo?a admmisKation and
Jno. F. Murphy, Newport, R. I. I '. ' "" '"''"the .orm of further limita-.
Car,:, nnim-n: ' v o t- r r ,r . , of drut!on. As the new reg-i
m 1 J 1 LA I IjUIN miu-ccs prcoEDiy will be necessary
'ni-- un ii in? harvesL p matter oft
three months, the administration hag
' .r- .. .Z D- 'dor.-.l the idea of ration cards 1
1 ,C""""'"M from "- I md will ;mFo.-e restrictions on miull
I oVseicis and tetailers which can h
in tire buyin;
Most Miles per Dollar
THESE times are &ivin a national meaning to those
principles of efficiency which years eo &ave to
Firestone the record of Most Miles psr Dollar.
carry this economy to a still finer doree. Not only added
mileage far heyond the added cost, but extreme resiliency
saves gasoline. Also this resiliency in protecting the car
saves repairs and retcrds deterioration.
Invest in these tires and keep down your expense, there
by helping the general caue ot coiiiervjtion.
----- - Wy0 - - i
Frrm the steamer Esmeralda, cap
turpd in the Atlantic March -0. 1917:
Charles Markeit Anderson, Halti-mc;-:
Thcnus W. J all.-n P.altimore:
Chnrlps Carrol Uobartl Baltimore; Ru
g'lir Prykiii. Anrle"nr. . ' Ptiipv
BOMBARDS PARIS
hours with unshaken nerves tonlgnt
The "all clear" si:
nal was given at rav wu'' J"''Kiy. Control of wheat
Doniilntlon miH r' , ,e n''"8 Probably will be tighMn-
1 whpfher the warning was against fd so that 1,8 distribution throughout
irplane raid or whether the 7ong: trc . rour,rv v'i11 be based . ou an
10:20 before the
I iv'c l;-roif J n. T j:rppn. roS. : w"en an alarm was given a't 9 o'clock. 1 a lie)'P"n3iveIy and done fe
ton: Oscar . Byrd. Uoanoke. Va.; Jno.
Carr. Dublin. Irelnnd: Frederick vv
'"sr'ir ,vp",in'! f-w- vvA 1 lern
Caskev. Jf rsev Citv Ilenm T Atnrtin n Bl
Virlton. Ha! i'arrv Vasnn linltt- distance German cannon had renmprl '"qnnaoie scale and no dealer will
nuirp; Wal'er Mason. Baltimore: John operations. . . hae n ore fie ir than he tan sell oth-ViH-r.
Baliimore; J. Ixuis Mifheu, 1 Tlle I'e"Ple were crowding the music er lnan strict apportionment, if iie
rltimnr ; Thcmas Moore. Norfolk; hai,s and theatres, fully confident 1 de!i,r?8 to take care of his trade.
J"s V. Mores n. I'awtutket. R I Jos ""'hing further would happen toniirht.i
OX anrrr Pi'ltimcre: I'arrick O'Con- rn,-v to advised to seek the nearest
.shelter as quickly as possible.
(Mv kpvIpw Ins-1 Wire)
YASlllC,TI).. March 23. Today's
casualty list follows:
Killed In actiun-.ieut. Jerferson
FM-fl.
Pied r accidents Ueut. Eugene R.
Wheatley: Pugler Jpmes D. Galioday;
Private Herh?rt J. Tucker.
Vo, dnn despite the strong current Th ,,!ed of disease Corporal n?ynold
river was then bridged and nasspH hv '-rceaer; rnvates Charles Barrow. I
CASUALTY LIST.
ner .VcKeesport. Pa.; Paul Phillips,
Pa; id n-. C;:I : Allen Itcynolds. Lan
caster. Pa.: Bernard Hogers. Ceres,
Va : Everett C. Earnhardt. Charlotte,
v C. n erv Ferrj'. Middletown.
Conn.: Wm. M. Fitzgerald. New York;
Cliffcrd I Godsie, Appamattox, Va.;
Iewis F. Hanhury. Norfolk, Va.;
Wem-y "crrv Norfolk. Va .: Mike Hol
land. P Himore; Geo. H. Jolly.
r.rc: .1 A I.orconip, CliPlsea. Mass.
TIioi. H. McCnrihv RlihnmnJ V.
.Samuel MK'ullv. iH-nison. O - Row. selves on the left bank and made nroir-' 1 rr1 t Overstreet. Vm. Eug?ne
F f.n- I'ait re; V.'m. V. SmilT ress eastward, encountering consider- barker, George II. Wllkins, Edward'
liar-pi-- Fcrrv V. Va.: Willpft C resistance. The operations arc ",r,h-
Rrni h. S-iu;!! Ncrv.alk. Conn.; Walter n'imiing." I r i.-d .'rom "other causes" Lieut.
Trci't. Yr m'ngf Mi: Jos. WhIIhp- " Cc'onel l'm. S. Wells; Sergeant
Chesterfield, S. C: Howard Warren!! PROLONG ARMISTICE i C-arles J. Hilburg.
CROSS RIVER JORDAN
f.n "s-lr.- .:a..?i .tip
LONDON. March 2X An official
sement by the British war office
Bays: " -t j
"In the early hours of Friday our
rroopg effected a passage of the Jor-
our forces, which established them- Jarcb Orton, Eugene Helm. Alfred Mc-j
Myersvl'le. Vd : Thcmas Wheat lev.. nu raii xt i Wound-'d severely Bugle Charles
Baltimore: Zibiilon Williams. Rich-: BERLIN. March 23.. via London. F- Purois; Private Aithur Knochen
mond. ; Harry Rogers. Bah Ion. N. An "ffeial statement issued today by ; bauer.
V. the German war office says:
From the sfenner Georgic captured ",n consequence of delay in the lie- CARDINALS LOSE
December 10. iri;. Interned at Canm Rtiatlon which have arisen owing to' HOUSTON. Tex., March 23. St.'
Duimen: the formation of a new Rumanian cab-' Louis National 0; Houston. Texas
Walter Aberle. Brooklyn; Wm. Ad- inpt tne armistice with Rumania has : League 9. Walker, Sherdell and Brock
ams, Brooklyn; John Smith, New York been prolonged." Hietf, Glenn and -Noyes.
'c-:zh??r.?--nv ;i, ;
es
Ever
In brin5,inj the Gard Tire to its present
-ie oi ei'iic.ency rirestone builders found
ways of replying some cord principles to
f-.'jric construction.
1 lore lubber between fabric layers, a rein
f: rcxl bead which insures a perfect and firm
iv, oi the tire to the rim.
a thicker cushion of pure J,unt under
2 tou&h tread which prevents tread
i pa ration and reduces stone bruising.
T ; re your dealer show you. Use this im
j. - jved type end practice real economy.
I I.XSTONE TIRE AND RUBBER COMPANY
Ale: on, Olito Branchei and Dealers Everywhere
t
A
lIIIO
Upper Main St.
AGENTS
'Ompaoy
Phone 5 FOUR
THE BISBEE DAiLY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MARCH 24, 1918.
Only rr.eagie bulletins came in yesterday
on the great battles raging on the western
front, ar.d those, that did come were, net
particularly favorable to the allies, but the
interest taken in them was intense. Peo
ple stood in front of The Review board all
day long anxiously discussing the word of
a give in the LVntish lines at St. Quentin.
Men came up to the editorial room3 and
discussed the event in the most despondent
manner. There is nothing to be despond
ent about. Of course, the British lines will
be bent back and meet with heavy losses of
men and guns. Much ground may well be
lost if the Germans press hard enough and
are willing to pay enough for that ground.
A successful defense in this war exacts a
certain ioll for every yard of ground yield
ed. If the agp.Vessors are willing to pay this
tell, they can constantly gain by hurling
masses of men and shells against this spot.
The Germans paid a half million men for
seven miles of ground at Verdun and then
lost every inch of it. The allies paid fifty
thousand men for slight gains at Loos two
years ago. The French paid one hundred
thousand men for a hill in the Ypres salient
and then lost it. Hew much must Ger
many pay for this advance at St. Quentin
yesterday and the one at Cambrai the day
before? It is not known yet. Until the
losses are summed up the real successes of
the Gt'rmans cannot be determined.
Amidot the shock of battle and the bustle
of preparations for battles yet to come, mi
lady, with the same intenseness as of yore,
prepares to outdo Solomon's lily upon East
er morn. Money for shells, money for food,
money for the Red Cross, morey for a mul
titude of things; also money for the Easter
hat and the Easter suit and the Easter fur
belows. But it's alright. Along with the
Easter reverence for The Man of Calvary
and the Easier patriotism for the boys
Over There, let us aho bow to the ladies of
the old hpme town as they appear in the
highlights of the mountains -in beautiful and
alluring at ray. No ore has made greater
sacrifices in the war than these ladies. The:V
war v'oik ha3 assumed a multitude of
fc.:c, zvA it has b.en valuable and pracli-
Efcc Sister Duih: lErutrui
PUBLISHED EVERY DAY EXCEPT MONDAY BY THE
STATE CONSOLICATCD PUBLISHING COMPANY.
CULLSX A. CAIN" - Editor and General Manager i
i
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS !
The Associated Pres3 Is exclusively entitled to the I
use for republication of all news dispatches credited to
it or not otherwise credited to this paper and also the
local news published herein.
All rights of republication of special dispatches herein
are also reserved.
Entered as Second Class Mail Matter at Bisbee, Arizona,
Under Act of March 8, ',879.
THE CITY REGISTRATION.
Register! Put that word down in your
notebook as the important reminder for the
week.
Register yourself; and then .make it your
business to see that others register for the
city primary and election.
Wednesday will be the first day of regis
tration, arid on Wednesday, Thursday, Fri
day and Saturday all persons eligible to vote
in the city primaries must enroll. Possibi
lity of the registration books remaining
nnrt nn Mnndav. A m il I. are vague, ac-
cording to the city clerk. Safety demands
registration at the earliest possible moment.
Registration will be conducted at the city
hall by City Clerk Butle and Police Judge
Thomas. Mrs. Leonard Warmington and
J. J. Patton will register others in a canvas
of the city.
Every person expecting to vote in the
primary Tuesday, April 2, must register.
The hundreds of voters who expect to sup
port the non-partisan ticket must particul
arly bear in mind that they must REGIS
TER AS NON-PARTISANS. In this con
nection it is important to know that non
partisan registration for the city primary
and election will not interfere with the voter
taking part in the county and state elections
later in the year as democrat or republican. 4
NON-PARTISAN REGISTRATION NOW
IS BINDING ONLY FOR THE CITY
ELECTION.
Non-partisan registration at this time
stands fci municipal ownership of water,
light and power, for clean, business-like
and efficient city government with no ' pie
counter,' for sidewalks and paved streets,
and against the Bolsheviki in every way,
shape and form.
Non-partisan in the city election means
that the fullest support is given to President
Wilson and the national administration.
The leading republicans and democratj of
Bisbee are unqualifiedly supporting the
non-partisan plan in city affairs and have
fully endorsed all that it stands for.
cal, too. They have worked hard sand de
nied themselves much, therefore, why i;o:
a little Easier parade? The soldiers them
selves parade, and the sweep cf it, and the
glow and the pride of bearing a.id equip
ment makes them all the better soldieis.
The famous Yankee Doodle soldier cf the
Revolution, you remember, "put a feathtV
in Ins hat." So the fancy shako and the
cunning tunic and the pretty braid with
which the ladies will seek to add to their
beauty upon Easter morn is alright, war
or no war. '
County Briefs Brief State Notes
Johnson & Ciok of Willcox have
' emit M iy. to V. II. r.oche c! Lcs An-
geies 1301? hi;-, (; yearling steers to
, he delivered in May.
i
Mrs. Josephine Meade Davis, niec?
I of tha late William Kidder Meade, who
cam'! here to at!end the burial, return
:ed to her home in El Paso this evening
I
Five hundred and t wentv-evsen re-
croKs arrived ou special trains lart
night and thi nisorning, according to
local trainmen. They were distribul
el u.iuug the cavalry and artillery
regiments at Camp Harry J. Jones.
J. Alf Flwarii. frrner tewn a'sral
' of M'"ni1. hns formally announced hi:
(wi'd: "9fy f'r the democratic nom'na
jtior. I r b:".ori;f of Gila county. :
i Twelve leans to rancrers in Santa
Cruz county are announred by S'a'3,
jTrra'urrr David F. Johnsm. The
loans, totaling $20.S'io. are the first
strfe losns to be made to residents of j
Santa Cruz county under me present
farm 1 an plan.
j Sunday Morning Sermon
"I am distressed for thee, niy brother Jonathan;
very pleasant has thou been unto me; thy loe to nie
was woderful, passing the love of women." 2 Sam-,
uel 1-26.
The friendship between David, the
psalmist, and Jonathan, the gentle son of
the fierce king, Saul, is one of the most
beautiful classics of the Bible. No charac
ter in all the world of history, song and
letters approaches that of Jonathan in
gentleness, courage and lovable qualities,
unless it be Joan of Arc, the heroine of old
France. In fact, when one considers them,
the brave young prince of the eld times,
and the brave young peasant girl of some
twenty centuries later, they ale found to be
much alike. Both were delicate and beau
tiful in person; both were modest, lovable
and kind. Both lived gallantly and died
grandly for their county's cause.
David, the shepherd, singer and king,
was probably the greatest hero of the He
brew rate. In fact, he stands out as one of
. the greatest and most gifted of all the sons
of men. And the passion of David's life
was his love for Jonathan, the first born
son of Saul, first king of the Jews. David
had been chosen by God to succeed Saul
as king. That meant he was ordained from
on high to reign over Israel instead of
Jonathan, lawful heir to the crown. Yet
these two young men, heirs to- cne throne,
counted a single hair of either one's head
as a greatej thing than any throne. They
loved each other with a love "passing the
love of women." They were friends, com
rades, brothers. The glitter of power could
not divert their unchanging affection, nor
the poison of ambition kill their love. Con
sider, when David, known as the usurper
soon to be of his throne, was hunted by
Saul's slayers, Jonathan warned and saved
him. Consider, when Jonathan, heir to
the throne, was dead, David, king by that
death, wept over him and was moved to the
greatest sorrow of his life.
Many men use their friends. Pride, am
bition, love of money, these are enemies of
friendship. If a friend stands in the way
of fortune, we push him aside. If a friend
can help us, we cultivate him. If a friend
is far distant, we forget him. - Alas, that it
is so.
Thank God for the (riendship cf David
and Jonathan as a light and an ideal for the
ages. Thank God that a remnant of that
spirit and love and unselfishness and nobil
ity remains to this day.
The friend of the old dayi! When you
meet him, after long years, how the heart
is moved by warm and fine emotions. You
KNOW he does not love you for your place
and power and influence, but for j'ourself.
And you love him simply and solely be
cause he is your friend. Would do and
dare things for him you would not venture
for yourself.
Fame is fleeting and gold is dross. But
friendship brings a glow to the heart and a
happiness to the soul that nothing else on
earth can bring. It makes us better and
stronger and more unselfish than we really
are.
"I am distressed for thee, Jonathan," .
mourned the hero who had killed Goliath
of Gath. "Thy love to me was wonderful,
passing the love cf women." What was a
mere throne to David's great and loyal
and broken heart as he bent in sorrow over
the body of his friend, Jonathan, slain in
battle? Thij shepherd boy, chosen by God
to be king because of his simple and modest
worth, showed here the very quality that
had won for him this Heavenly favor. His
love for his friend outweighed evcly other
earihly thing and overflowed his scul in .
this immortal lament.
Ah, Jonathan, thou gentle one; thou
king's son with a king's heart. Brave as a
lion, gentle as a child and true to thy friend.
The greatest warrior, poet and king , of all
the ages wa3 stricken to the heart by thy
untimely end. What greater epitaph rhan
this! A temple of friendship fol thy monu
ment, so high, so bright, that it can be seen
from the uttermost corners of the oarth
forever and forever!
There is a campaign on to extermi
nate the prairie dogs in this sectioa
cf lh valioy, nearly 2U00 quarts of
poisoned barley being put out thi3
week, which called for 32 sacks of bar
ley. The orders were all taken by one
party and the materials gathered at
C. H. Wilson's place where County
Agent C. It. Adamson mixed the poison
This afternoon a number of young
neon'.e. mostly teachers, with their
chaperons, autoed to Cochise Strong
hold where they will spend the week
end at the Rockfellow ranch. On Sun
day they will be Joined by several oth
ers who were unable to go today. They
will eturn in time for school Monday
United States Deputy Marshal Trea-j
hey of Tucson has returned to wont,
at the office of the United States j
marshal In Tucson, relieving hisi
substitute,
ITVPF? ANn THPIPS doubled their attentions and flattery.
' AM ri O K cn She threatened one of them with a
ON AN tL t AbU Ib'g gravy spoon and he ducked and
i A N D S W TRAIN ljusned. She might have been sitting
c state in or marsters kitchen In
some southern home before the war
the coachman and the butler
... - ... - 1 1 ..H
v nrn me uiwsuuer .imii iwaiuwi.-A,,.
former Patrolman Shelton, i an hi ri ouumwwr.u y'-:aud tne marster'8 body servant sought
who will return to his work on the po-j & . er ua. " ' -l" j to cajole her into giving them some
lice :orc. Shelton made good rec-fo a very p ain looking young woman ffied njcken lntended for the first
ord in the marshal's office and may j who was bidding a handsome youth ut;e Jn thp Rreat djnlng rocm
later become a nermanent member of i scod-by. The girl leaned forward in; ..Wha. , fronl?.. she agked of tne
the ntrshal's office. eat convulsively clasping and un- waUer wio had he, d hef tQ hfr geat
l ' lamping uer nanus huu liic icnioi
(glistened apen her cheeks. The boyj
Ci:pt. L. V. Mix of Ncgales, cliair-,va3 n,ut-h more composed. He wasi
,-vpn nrnc'calant. He stood In thei
man of the comittee which raised
The mulatto's white teeth flashed.
New Orleans," he said.
I thought so," said the old mammy
T. X. McCauley, president of th
Mascot Copper Company, of New York
City; D. S. Stevenson, vice president
and treasurer, of Chicago: R. V. Dixon
vice president of San Francisco; O.
Rich' and Mr. Johnson of San Francis
co. -tnd J. H. .Jilbert of Rockrod, ill
directors, visited the camp the last
of the week. A meeting of the boani
of directors was held and important
business transacted.
Last night in ilerring hall at the
university the Tucson basketball giria
easily defeated the team from Benson
by a score of 63 to Z.
The Benson team was easily out
classed by the heavier and faster Tuc
son pirls. Their guards were unable
to hol l down the two Tucson forward :
Miss Falvey and Miss Crowell. The
former scored forty points, while the
latter added the other twenty-three.
Miss Rarkley and Miss Servey hel 1
down the Benson forwards to but on-;
field basket. Miss Smith and Miss Ar
g s played all over the floor. They
aided materially in keeping the ball ai
their own goal.
sen tentiously.
lunas im doukui uib .r.-. ,,lse 3nn seemea 10 oe uuiniircni iu sh- lrtnpl 4hm .nil rnHil hpm
for the batt'eship Arizona, which was
cn display in the P. D. store here in
tr fail oT 1916, is in receipt o? a
letter from the manufacturers, Keed
& Barton, conveying intelligence of
.e gppe i ae g.r. cmuui ad iaophed at them and argued with
he leaned over and kissed her and another day and thege dapper. an(l
left the car. She pressed her -face dandlfied youth8t Bon, of
,-.painst the window and followed him.fofho . . K ,
ins uf.ivery i - ' ; wun n " ' j " sciously bowed to the autocrat of the
yard, t be delivered to the cDOiuianl . rould not tm. As the train pulled outjcld gouthern nouge and ,.,
of the station ne mi "aiea UP'" the manner and smile and simulated
:-er seat as sad and dejected l a figure , fear of ther ttlthen tore her frown
VovrT-enti of c-. tie in and out tt'f . , , , I ', v ithut was always- belled by the smile
Arlz'na Im reasel during the week ! 'T f.rt" S " the corners of her mouth.
throneh the eperatiens of big buyers. i'" i.;"-. ';,",,,. uin,no. . Now, this newspaper man has many.
er of the vessel.
H. O. Brady Is shipping &') heaj or.
fatted
Uot.inpr:
bead at
nrv lat. contra-ted for 80H0. The;
many times noted, with never an ex-
liraay is snipping u ura :,,,(., KA eavetv imon every I ' "'"' " """
rang- steers to Nebraska. H. L. : "v'r Le Besfde Zr was 'ception. the lordly disdain of the Pnll
ri of Fl Pbbg U bringing 2S00 ' w, oT i er ' Be8lae.. "er, man waiter for all the other "poor",
cross the border! and J 0. Kn-!'-d wVa7 Lt he wat ' and " folk"
.j oni.n -ri.i'y and sallow ana saa. aui ne aiHl, .- j, ,. ...b nf
prices this year average XK for yearl- j ou,.t fof a minute; He waited on
.y ana v."u' "c "T: I He puts on more dog than a pack of
rTzy about that girl.- .No one could " mmn w,. ,nd
ings.
'c- and hung on her every word and
hounds, does the Pullman waiter, and
scarcely deisms to notice a black man
J basked
R. T. 'Belcher, clerk of the board o", -rrlr,rd
in
hJT !m"e- "!iju.nifoh,Kut this plain and .imple old woman
And that wag alright and as it
unto itself, and all the veneer and
suc-n-iROrs of Yavapai C3unty. tins heart.
. : .1 nn Clata n cri rt- . , i J a V a aUa tMrMnnAB mi a n '
ween receivtni worn nun. oi-ic i -ronia w- imi mo """ "'"" smart Alec rildinz nf thes waiters
eer Atwood that F. R. Goodman one j could not help but contrast her beau- SJ&Z t"Z:
of the engineers connected with thei.v and happiness with the sorrow and ,nK,.w ,t w . ,he
stat, office would be in Prescott in . de1f tion of the homely girl with the . r JLTrnLmy
a tow days to make a sjirvey of the , fPa!tained face who sat behind her., ... . h.,ov.d ,, to ,ftB
proposed Prescott-Jerome shortline smiles and love for one girl and sor- tne beIoved tyrant to ,I,e
row and indinerence tor ner sister, ii ' -
LnA vet that
j - 1
highway.
is so with the world.
, ii ... ., uj A rauroaa iraia rusiiiug crvB iuc
IroprovementP to the buildings of;""1 "wl' r?Z, continent loaded with human freight
; is a stage of life, and up and down the -
in another seat were two grana - . and ui,n th ereen
dames, thin of face and figure, aressea - -.;', ' n4 ,
IroprovementP to tne ouuaings 01 , "
(he Tempe normal school provided for. Princess to sorrcw a
in a $50,000 appropriation mad- by derelU to , prince.
Frank (Fat) Coby and Lawrence
Kelly of Douglas, were arrested here
yeste.dav .ifternoon by O. E. Patterson
deputy sheriff of Apache, and Pet v
Bowden, tieputy sheriff, on charpes oi
transpor'ng liquor. Fitf'en case cf
whiskey fo.ind in Cory's car rind hid
den in llie bushes in the -'li-.r.tua
mountains were confiscated.
Botii uien driv for hire car Kach
furnished bond. Both will lik-iv l-n.l
guilty, ac ording to the oficer Kelly '
officers -rid ha', another c.-o on
similar c:-arpe against hi c
the legislature last year are be:ns
i . . - i . I a A V -k .naw
rusnco to coinpicnou .... . .,. . hav)n tne air
auditorium will, barring any unfow a" ,a,ng L" Jf'
seen delays, be ready for commnce
rrent exeicises in May, according to
Leroy A. Ladd. of the commission on
state institutions.
A Part in the Game
Four thousand dollars worth of hlh
grade mollybdenite and tungsten ore
was recovered and three al'.eh'ed smug
glers were arretted yev.erti.iy after
noon by Deputy Customs ( ollectcr C.
A. Housel in Douglas." Oliargea alleg
ing smuggling have been filed in Unit
ed States Commissioner II. C. Beaum
ler's court against C. P Osgood, J. T
Hendricks and Jose Uir.ai.lo, Jr., of
Agua Prieta, are citizens of ?.he i'nitcd I
CtQlco 171 1-rt tii fin n'ftra un(M!tii.l in '
UkHlO. A . ' Vj 111. u ' v-1 v. . . . ...
connection with the smui;lin,? charge
They were held in jail over niht, but
two were released, this morning An
tonio Borbar was one cf them. Ho
was released but his ear was confU
cated. It is alleged tha'. some of the
ore was brought over in Bulbars and
some in Rinaldo's cars. The ore is
supposed to have been stolen from va
rious mining properties in Mexico.
Most of it came tiom the mining prop
erty owned by lie.rge r Fast. It ib
supposed to have been stolen at vari
ous times Eince the Viii '. raid.
The middle of this week Boivie val
ley was- visited with anotner typical
Bowie valley March rain, this is the
second good March rain and one good
one in February, and, at the winter
rain season generally expends through
out March, it is more than probable
we will have another good one. This
last rain now assurer good moisture
for the ground is wet Jeep and with
the now nice sunshine days, the spring
feed for cattle will coin's "u hooping"
and assure good spring nne Many
of the local farmers have a large acre
age planted and the rest busy seeding
corn, potatoes, soudan grass and all
the sorghum varieties and spring gar
den. All fruit is in bloom, and many
of the early varieties such as apricots
almonds, plumbs, etc.. nav? large fruit
formed, and th! Oange." of an frost
damage seems to be past. However,
Bowie valley seems to b; prattically
immune from fruit fronc danger, and
only shows slight damage at very odd
intervals, last yar heir.? the first yt-Hr
frost damaged any kind of fruit for ov
er six yens to the writci s personal
knowledge
' . cushions of the seats men and women
whom the war had compelled to ; travel nd
mured at having" To wtth the thoughu p .pt them from the -wings
common herd on .a Pullman. TJJ&.?Si
Dad, too Daa. h.inmn natnr. than n month anvwhere
John Chuk'waTaTTrded damages" "KrS el- among the children of men.
the sum of $2750 in his personal in-ion bis chin and a light in his eye,
jury suit against th3 Tres Metales ! that old age had not filmned. He told j
Mining con-pany by n jury in Judge j the newspaper man that he belonged;
Stanford's court in Maricopa county, j to the Elks lodge in Brooklyn, and ne
The sealed verdict arrived at Thurvihad found the Klks lodges of the j NQ WHTE
day night was read in court yesterday, f west com ana unsuc.ao.e .a , The smltny who bends o'er the anvil.
r.iouiaing nis inouguis ta i.'c
letters,
the game:
en year? and I have failed to find it. , . ... ... . KI..
Thenewspaper ..n' Ar ' .aok'o'f , he Army and Navy!
fUOf "ivTerXlt a womin on' That how, the big scheme go.,
the train with a spoiled boy. But.) handle .h throttle.
witn; " ,-.. u
tne statesman nu ioii uiu.
The drermer. the judge and the
scholar.
And the man whe follows the plow ;
r-io,v wia iiHi.re,! while In the emnloy ' sni . with those of the east.
cttbo con piny. which he held r?spon- about your warm friendliness of thei stdet o 8Cience and 1
sible and from which he sought to re-1 west." said the man; I have been - - t
co.cr $10,000. coming to the coast every year for TJl1en1aathP the naPmmer
In response to a request of the food
administratimi the leading butcher
shops of Phoenix hav? entered into an
agreement not to sell beef or pork or
tha products of the same on beafless
? nd porkless Tuesday. v
Grccesy and otfc-r dea'ers handling
ham: baccn, lard or ether products
i c"i s bclona an1 sausage will. b(t
expected to comply with the new prs
Kinm which is aimed to make a clos-
thon thpre was also a -woman
h dearest, nicest, sweetest little'
girl that ever tie"d a brown ribbon in;
her brown hair. Always there is a
recompense for the handicaps of life.
Out on the back platform was a
?tocky man with a cement jaw and1
kindlv eve. and he was smoking a!
er observance of beef. -ss ana porKiess b)atk . and thp toDacco in that
Tuesday than has heretofore been cus-i p)pg was sQ 8troug it made black
tomary in the homes. i ?mr)ke. The newspaper man sniffed
The doctor, skilled and attentive.
T.e reverend man of prayer.
The art.st and sweet-voiced singer;
Are loyally doing their share.
i-ar-V nf thpin all is a duty
emoke. The newspaper man sninea country owes:
Jand staggered a little in spite or e.The brjwn and brain are together;
In re'PC-e to the tall for shi.ibuild- rush of the fresh air. The c-cky man, Thats how lhe big s heme goes,
ers. 1149 men of Arizona are ready to smiled and explained: Kentucky wrm8n wn0 knee!s in glance,
leave for the shipyards at ? moment's ; leaf." he said "On y kind I Ureath'ng a loved one's name;
notice. This number exceeds the : Straight from the hillside to my pipe. , r, ives and m-herj. Gcd b'csi
qu-.ta asksd by the government by 261,; Enterinv the diner very lata fr them,
and there ar- a few more coming in ; rupper. the newspaper man saw en- ,n the e
all the time. W. E. Hair, nations! ! acted there the prettiest and the pleas-,
dire-tor o' lator, wrote Thomas ' antest little scene he has ever wn-; .
Croaff. chairman o? the Arizona couu-, nessed on any stage "f1 ln? nrA, pnVQ RFPDND
cil of labor, at the time he sent in (he stage of life, and the mlm cry of mask LOCAL OUlb KtOrUIL
ld "that he doubt-j or Hash of spotlight g or gilding of cu,,
d that Arizona would be able to turn ! tain cannot compete ith the scenes
ish that number. 8S3 men. Recently ! of su'h a stage m0h
he wrote again, congratulating Croaff i The door of the diner
on ,hc arse number who had respond-land lo! there entered upon this stage
i V th mil i "le old colored woman with a
cd to the call. ... ., h Khoulders!
' MK may oi"
TO NAVY'S CALL FOR
HOSPITAL RECRUITS
and a little black bonnet on ner head. ! recelved a telegram late yesterday
i i t , 1 1 : nM W Uii r 'un
nowara . r."... - ' "Vr Her face was a pirture rrom tne om . headquarters urging the enim-
Fstill of Pima cornty. and former y , uth Th? co,ore -mmmr- at her for the navy hospital
assistant state chemist, who w-nt to bejt Spoiled bv -a klnd mistress; c t,.,, the ages of 18 and 2o
Camp Funston v.i h the first tfra.t. lnasterfuli humcrous. kindly, loyal, all n Thl8 Js the second call receiv
hts been transferred to the Lntted .ritfn nn-m that wrinkled face 'A k d,. wi pcniitine officer to
C & A. BAND TO GIVE
FREE CONCERT TODAY
The first' concert of the season wii'.
he given tnis afternoon at ":3i at thu
Vista purk in Warren by the C. & A.
band. This'organiation has bean prne
t:cin for some time and is said to b
a crack musical outfit. I'nder Direc
tor V. H. Martin the musicians have
shown much improvement this year.
1 lie program -scheduled for this af
tern',n is as follows:
.March "Over There." George M
Cohan.
Ov.iturc "Barber of Seville," Kosi
nf.
Griml Fantasia, cornet duet. Soloist -Win.
Appleynrd and K. J. Bowden.
O-'scriiinve Fantasia '('avalrv
Charge." J. I.udero.
Selection Potpourri from 1. C. Poli::
to Arr. by A. Hcir.iche.
, Suiic in tour parts,' Atlantis., Th
Last :o?uinont.
Part 1 .Nocturne and Morning Hym l
of praUe..
Iiit 2 A Court Function.
Par! :!- lLve Thee. (The Prim e and
Aim i.
Part 4 The Destruction o Atlantic
Valse The Flower t if Italy.
M ircli loan if Arc
States Hydrostatic laboratories at !Ma-; tnoUKn lt were a page of life. !men in thu branch.
gara Falls from tne ottlcers trainm , e car 8Wayea on a curve and the , a recruting officers act . as
school. Mr. Kstill was mads p s-r- 0d colored woman nearly fell. Then 'prr:np,iy ad secure as many men ns
eant shortly affr his arrival at camp therR sprlin4j forward one of the wait-: Saiadino the quota required should ix;
ard was later sent to the officers' pfs a m.,iaU0. undobutedly handsome. fllIed at an eariy date. The local r-trai-ilng
crvp. There his knaw ledv jap,,t.r jnd neat in his white uniform crujting ofricer sent five men to El
of .Ii.m.'.try whs discovered ami re -( anrf h!,.h 0nar Bd gorgeous tie and Paso Jesterday who had enlisted iu
ported to V.'asliinirton. H was given djainnd pin. He was as nifty as the this service and expects to have an
the choice of working in the labor-, varnsn on l is Pullman car and had othPr quota to send Monday,
tories of the government or eon inu- ,,Ptn spoiled hv his modern world a Those who went yesterday were:
in- in the training st !iojl and chose V,,r . art ,ilis 0id "mammy" by a world Antn George Babcock. Lowell, Ar?
l!;e former. ' that passed with the surrender of Lee xona.
- at Rh'hmcnd. But he caught the aged Eibert May. Lowell. Arizona.
Wli Phecnix the Mecca for thi woman's arm and led her to a seat at . Wallace AsheY Brewer, Animas, X.
past two weeks for politicians irsm all a tam0 n front of the car. M.
psrts of t'-e s:? e. i-asons for the -she s with the lady In the com-, vmiam Joseph Ligon. Webb, Ariio
Journtvs beein to trickle out. It is partnifnt in the next car." explained na.
announced that practically the same t;ie Hteward of the diner to the news-, Alford Roper. Webb. Arizona.
.igMiizatic!i tiiat ob'ained for 'he pappr nlan. "In charge of the chil-j Men desiring to enlist in this branch
house and the enate In the state !'s-!dmi; been v.itti the family for over 0f the service or in the carpenter de
isl'iturt la if y.-r will be kept when f,ftv years. S''e wanted to 'jus' eat a partment of the aviation division and
lhe rp.vis,! ut-ssion is called this sum-1 hitc i-a' k thi're,' hut 1 had her come wno are of draft age will be permitted
mrr. T"is n.ans lt:a- n. it. iariiue:in the rar. v nal . to enusi as i " '
The newspaper man adrrirej me talned Dy .vir. Maiaaino ironi mcu
steward's good sense and applauded draft board. Those enlisting in th
hi V'ndp.oss That old mammy's face hospital corps will be sent from El
wr as hla' k as the chimney blacK. Paso to the Naval Medical School in
hut l'er heart was as white as sno. saa r rancisco, . am.
old cr lured oman sat
will wield the gavel In the senate and
A. A. Johns will preside ia the house
of representatives, it is existed that
the flan lo hold over the same r.ri;an
Izntion far the special session wiil bli
carried on down through the minoi
officus.
Following his visit to th can'ul
:ity, it is gi'en out that Senator Cla
i'le will be a siulidaie Tor the oftice
of t-ix coinmissloiier. the vacanry bf
ItiT cciisecl by tlu exfita'ion of the
term o' Ruiiit'b Kinkier.
rd ihaf
in
MICHIGAN WINS.
'l tt.-vl.'W Iaiis.'iI Vir
KVANSTON. III. March L't.-The
university o Michigan signalized its
return to "Itig ten" track atiiletirs
toniL'ht hy winning the annual indoor
rhanipionship -t the western conf T
ine nilli a total of poiiKs
Cliirugu was sect nd with L'- a.ul
V.'Si 'nsin third v-ltli V.
diner and a siven
Ecr-'re t' it an eastern miuionm.--.
ver hart on that rar as lie traveieu
'-, vev Vrrk to h!s Ps.adena
to r,ia a little after his work.,
lr... s nril thev were an a
. ,.. .1 on A
ot colored 'hi vs as could he found by next season's, games. The list fol-1.-
(rscri-iiinKtinc eve cf a Pullman lows:
. ...lo-nient nxner. "gathered Brotind Magldsohn. Mlcilsan: Reid. M.ch
tlv't' o'd man.mv's table and att-nd-d , ican; H-diea, DartinotUh; .. Ka
.n r . (very little wish and want ! Yule; Klliott. Northwestern: Utrch.
SI-- s;--t'-1 ii' thrr" with teat nv.-." j Fe'rlham: Davis. Michigan; I.ippski.
iv ..u old as Unni. son oi i n lea to: isenniej. Illinois, nuiuiwn,
and tr't l to shoo them away. Chicago:
"Cc on. vn' uiirsi-'.s. and i'' " that : Vjt Mean;
-.. . liLu -t.
rT nIUM'li--c wki; a oi wmhu hwv. inui
j.:;,t t- " n her t n'l
stale in that
ne
horn
T'-c.-c vat
GRID COACHES MEET.
1 Ke.iiw Wlnl
f'HXAGJ. March 2:5. Football
i-O'Chns of tne tng len met nere
selected officials to landli!
White. Illinois: Knicht.
Gradv, Northwestern;
Colgate: Ray. HlinoU;
LokIimi!-. Maine and PiTounner. t ni-
' i a; o. THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MARCH 24, 1918.
FIVE
The I j. Q M
homeless m&m . ifim w
FRANCE fm&&!tSSmS "5r
war
-a ' f vlN--Tr?i- v-y
POLES GATHERING
READY
u
FOR WAR ON HUNS
Assemble Rapidly at Paris to
Indians Perfume
Insides; Courts
Ban Sweet Stuff
:i ii it ii ivsii iivi iulu
i JKRO.ME. Ariz.. March 2:5. ;r.m
I privation, distress and destitution be
yond the comprehension of a Belg.au.
: a Serbian or an Armenian, is faced :
by the Indians livinK along the Verde '
river. '
III
CONTINUE TO FLY
DESPITE TERRORS
r i . i t i r r lumery, including mat om, rename ra-
rigni unaer uwn uanner in vorite, Florida water; likewise of f!a
Newly Organized Regiment
of Countrymen.
They are to be deprived of all per- XJurni nua
Dreads Fire" Fails to Apply
FRENCH FRONT. Feb. 27 ) Corre-
jspondence of the Associated Press).
Patriotic Poles are gathering rapidly
in France to fight under their owu
banner against the central powers, un
der whose rule either they or their
forefathers have suffered oppression.
The correspondent of the Associated
Press saw thousands of them drawn
TOP
This is the background of all the work for refugees in France shattered
homes and ruined villages. Homes and villages can be rebuilt, but who
will give back their men to the homeless women and children?.
BOTTOM ,
All's weil when the Gendarme comes! A refugee family being received at
the Secours de Guerre, the great refuge maintained by the Paris Policemen.
LEFT
Refugee babies going to school in Paris in one of the American hostels for
refugees, organized by Mrs. Edith Wharton and Mrs. Royall Tyler and
now conducted by the American Red Cross.
By MARIAN ECNESALL DAVIS shopkeepers along the streets cf Iheirlp
When you walk between rows of ce- wards, and thc7 added to TVs pooled
. ..-j i ,.itio ' Kum for the start -off. Everv onen,'
UUUJC3 IU LUC tUlllU 1 II las' ! - - - ,
voring extracts.
That time-honored custom which re
quired young Apache bucks to sprinkle
themselves liberally with Florida wa
ter before grasping their mesqurte
clubs and sallying forth to call upon
the squaws of their choice must per
force be abandoned.
juini uni is me maiviuai responsi-1 0jj adage that
111 iui iuc icinuie dta uim iins vv srpi
in United States
Training Camps.
Aerial
(By Review Le-wd Wlr,
DALLAS. Tex., March 23. The
a "burnt child dreads
apparently doesn't apply to the
training
authorities that the Apaches wi ' m "
wreak vengeanc upon him. Despite the number of .men killed
Ctl v T Un,!dK ,eVfr 7 or lnJure1 ln Texa3 aviation training
wickiup on the erde witnout bringing flt.iH tho .v,r.iT.k...,i ...,.i.
- . . M i . , , uwuonuu diuucui
up the other day in companies and j nal1. "e ""Popularity aviators in Texas have never lost
squads under officers of their own na- n,'- be "as acquired. their "nerve." nor has a single one
tionality. whose words of command! According to the story that Ijnk indicated that he would rather desert
were given in Polish. lc'd whnen he, appeared before rnuea i tne aerla, war Mi h
The officers and men had come to- States Commissioner C. H. Rutherford ; terra firnla
gether from moet of the countries oflon a chart of resisting an officer, he: Jn fact- 8eVeral who have tumbled
u :1 " u"1" flur,utt wal" TOr-y from dizzy heights while flying and
in the month. H s purpose was to , ,ulTered ,njurie9 , from
make himself sweeter than new-mown broken neck t0 th f ozen
hay in the nostrils of all Apacjie 1 teetn are C0Unting the dav9 when
squaws. In court he gave a convc-: th(,v wiU dl9Chai.Ked from base hos.
ing demonstration of his method of pitals and pehnitted to resume
administering the fragrant lauid to rtvin
from other American cities, and also : Person He denied vehemently i Several weeks ago Frank Forbes of
from Canada. England. Scotland.' Hoi-' having perfumed himself internal. New Vork tumbled 450 feet while
land. Denmark and Russia. All had Pup 18 Pretty wen estatuisnea tnai steering one of the big fivers at the
sent contingents, large or small, while the. Florida water application was not, American aviation camp "near Fort
France had furnished a considerable , entirely external. I Worth. When they dug him out or the
detachment of Poles who had seen At any rate, soon after Link got wreckage It was more dead than alive,
service in her armies since the open- home with his little round bottle he' He was hurried to the hospital an.1
ing of hostilities In 1914. many oflS311 to act in a manner which Jim , gurgeons gaid hi8 neck had beea
whom wore decoration won on the Carnum. Indian policeman, found oa- broken he might live and he tnisht
battlefields of France and Beligum or, Jl'u"aulB- " "i "ie ianiiMt But Ford disagreed with the sur-
during the Salonika or Dardanelles ex
peditions.
Leave Work to Fight
the world, where they had taken ref
uge in order to escape from service
in the armies of the nations which
had conquered and annexed their
lands. Poles were there from Arizona.
California. New York. Chicago. Pitts
burg, Niagara. Ieveland, as well as
cf France you always find someth;ns ,WQ irar.es on the table, there rose
left among the wreckage that speaks
intimately to your owu heart. It may
be a brrkn flower pot with dr.ea
Katanga A Coming Country
wickiup prepared to place the disturb-:
er under restraint. But the prospective! -i m , f, . int m,. n..in- i..
priosner get the drop on the officer. told hu nurse after the doctor ' left
The correspondent speke with many ""ru,a; I , , ' , hlm-
of the Poles from America and rrom mJ b,!f, lXnl Wl For eight hour, every nigh, a 20-
England. Some or them abandonee - 0, , Kl Wl pound weight is used to keep his
lucrative employment when the call " . . . V ,. . . .
went out for recruits to serve under! 'he "tanc of Deputy United State,
., r.ni, i,. r. - ,,.. i Marshal Harry Carlson, and the tw
Z, vi Un ,Vo' 'hem succeeded in ruun'ng Jim ;o """""a raoru.uR.
smith frcm Magars who was beyond . n aiE7 . During the day Forbes walks ahouc
the draft age and who could have re- f"lh' ,.Ho.Lfere no res,stance :o the ward and amusement room, to all
I mained comfortably in the home he .
jhad chosen in the United States, leav- Commissioner Rutherford did not
w ,.o. m flh, h. i,J regard the-evidence as sufficient to
vuiuo i. a n.. aas , ts tuv 01 u.i. n-i
spinal column drawn upward. A nurse
adjusts the weight at midnight and it
is removed at 8 o'clock next morning.
outward appearances a very robust
young man. Now it is stated that he
will be entirely recovered in a few
roots still dining; an image of the
Virgin still standing in her oval nine
in a fragment of a wall; a baby's
broken cradle; a twibted garden tool.
All the bayeneta and incendiary
torches and guns of the invaders Iiave
not been able to cru?ti cut Scmeth'ng-of-the-Spirit
which lingers there.
And t'ey have not heen able to
crush it out of tje traeic prccessio'.s
of the homeless, as they are .driven
.tvvu.o c.u.d " ti n flit.V(a nnrl win ki. rniivil.Ilni. a.
to go. Then he announced that he!"
wood and verde merchants to refraii;. . u..
fhA f oarln m rf Dn) n n A tf a at nnna on.
ma aiuvus vi x uiaiiu. iiv as, vtiw vm , , . . .
tie ruestion of Iodines. That v rr the 1 S O lfaterl nnH nam to KVnnrA Annthprl oum requeai an
rlh V ir oHv crm a r-ntk timiHlv cut-, t . - 5 I .
v ..v vlu. , wvw-wh lOr BlllLlfMUg tlCI IV II LI 11 1 Villi BU. - ... , . I JUIU II
geslea tae huge Dunning that ana . gy j g Thornhill, F. R. G. S., author trol its foreign relations) almost in- where he had lived virtually the whole! ' 7" Then
teo m former times a feminary tor- Columhia in the Makina." , dependent. The Barberton people of his life. A third was. mere school ".. 'V;, ,w.r ...d Wed the Royal Flying corps and
nriesis. in ine iamous oia 8'iuare 01 . : .. . .. , r....nA v.n rn-t ..hih i nnu- nrniu- hnv rrnm the gm ritv wherA " j
St Sulnlrn. A nart of it was hejnc "Adventures in Africa Under tMBnt- - - ' - rn p,;ll ',' .,,,,.,,1
Pd for a m,IKPm Th,. no,Mnn . sh, Belgian and Portugese Flags, etc. 7. LI" . I T"1 "Ji .'..or;; k f commissioner
settled.
of "British Columbia in the Making."
"Adventures in Africa Under the Brit-
. " ick Clnian unA Pnrfnn Flan' etc.
ques.ion, m.i, .. ' every year but were not too success- scarci
rnnm hut KM.nei hears ' somewhat '" "t mining gold at a profit. The of hi
Furnish Quarters I the 3me relation to Central Afi'icu Kimherly people, who were making
Mattresses and stoves were ruslieo as does Arizona to North America.:80 much money cut or diamonds,
in. faster thai? so many nmtlrecs Copper mining U the business or boM. bought several claims ifrom the Barber
and stoves and dishes are Iikeiv to;Xatuallv people ask tor Central At- ' " ' , ' "
hsra been rusheil before: and whec : rica lma lieen more or less or a closed COIlipanie in L.onaon.
! was accepted by the Canadian officers.
scarcely understanding the language:
s parents he had registered at!
the recruiting office and been ac-j
cepted. Yet another was a man oil
middle age who had served in the,
American regulai army.
Most of the Poles from America aroi
these weak, frightened people
The Rand suc-
we- . hnn where is Katanea and whit truc. "r.ul.u iuc r. ..i. o..u u, iwir..,
hither ana tnltner. sometimes a;ikmi,t tv uminiira Hi nw. y,na -a th' i will trv in nn
slaves bv their cenquerom: sometimes I hr ,C nr,A.rmac tk ,v,o n.,,eti.,n'a ,nH toil in s mn I millionaires
A'r vv-,.h in .nrl f. rrt to oat iu o r-iannor la nnRsihte what I knov.' Knu milling uus,ness oui put U1S Iliou
only a few
SAND !N CORN MEAL
STARTS HUN RUMORS
to flee where thev wiil. from violence j.
and destruction. Seme day, as ca
walk briskly on an errand inrougti
the streets of Paris, you see a grou;
of them orming in. slow-moving, ue
wildcred. There is a terr'bie intimacy
about the siciit, and most of all about
the little ones wfcc have seen hideous
things 2nd are too young to know
that they are not a remmon part 01
life.
Who is going to take cre of thru,
end their mothcrJ end these old, be:.-.
pecple, who are such a detachei!,
trifling -rart cf France s m.llion ana a
half refugees?
France Docs Best
v,. i.-ot.o t u hih iv,ntrr i .-: iey and the money of his
. . v - develoumeuts north. He was the
and mattresses to sleep on. So beea
the famous Secour de Guerre, inspi
and directed by keen, kindly M. Pel-
these
tvrry aay since n nas r-.e:iorea reaaer to lase a map ot 1"' panie! have faHed while
a:ia ica nuineei ana ovvv reiu-i ivuu-iuc.Biij ouqo iu . " gidgrs have succeeded.
sees. Its god'atners, the genaarmes.i uo. look just ieyonu me
are proud or it
- - --- j . - , .
. Cecil Uhoiies w is one or the Kimberly I or whom speak English, and all cTi
whom had been moved by pure patriot-;
ism to rany to ineir country s 'lag
with ihe prospect of fighting for it.
Released From Army
He did not go into the
iusiness but put his nion-;
ey and the money of bis friends into
I have not the material to illustrate fairjv be descrjued as
hese notes with a cut so I ask the golJ mjnjn? countrv
northeru
lUUllllCl Ul VUU.tD.O. ...... . T1 1. - l: 1
the small man's , .,ru,f- "BU ",,:u
for-the big com-i'u"'BSCU7 u"l u' ,ur
the Small' wcru uiiciuru iu a lain? ill cup-
! land as an enemy alien during 32
months arter the outbreak or the war.i
PHOE'XIX. Ariz.. March 24. Chem
ist A. E. Vinson of the I'lmersity of
Arizona has advised Chair.uan Dwight
t. Heard of the Arizona council of de
fenso that he has round no sign cf
ground glass in gritty samples of
cornmcal submitted to hnu from Co
chise and Yuma, Ariz. He states:
I moved from Toronto to Evernian field
i at Fort Worth he came along. He sur
fered several minor rails near To
! ronto. but his injuries were slight.
I Several weeks ago he tried 'a nose
spin while about 600 feet up. He railed
to straighten ilia plane in time to turn
. the machine, and when the ambulance
' attendants reached hlm he had a
broken ankle, broken nose and practi
cally all of h's front teeth were miss
ing. Wlien they finished dressing his
'wounds he said: "Oh. this is nothing.
' I had all my teeth knocked out before
in a fall. The first time it was my
"solo" in Canada. 1 certainly do want
gain, and I'm going to. The
'The materia! from horh nlnrpa con-: tA fir
The huge eminarvi border of Rhodesia arid there is tha , -New lonow me Dy rai v.a norin iruiu i He WM tnoroughiy pleased when he, tains no glass whatever, but a small spinning nose dive Is not so danger-
i.. , r.i, ir. ,if - inam Katanga How usMnea. an in-. ! ' " " ' " " -'snrt somn re low Holes were lnrorneu nar)'ini oi oruinary sami. i uj iiui uus u uu Man ii ru iuuic
.iivioH i"nf c..rtoc tht tho rmn- 7s significant villaee which has long ! country" in the Exe River mountains. . iiberty to , t0 Fran -jlkncw how the sand gets in the con:- ground. It takes only a moment to
of fanrliH-, n,av :eer, their familv since disappeared, came to be the . 9ne railway gues to Johannesburg., join the newly formed Polish army.1 meal, but I Judge it comes frcm tiirt right the machine
life; school rooms; cobbler shops 1 name by v. Inch the greater part of tho tne other goes nortn to 'noer . id ,nd ne declared it the realization ot jon the ccrn as it is .-
are made out oi highlunds of the southern Congo is;""' V . .V ihis life-long dream to be serving tin-j material 13 aosoimei
sewine room: a known is
der the Polish flag. surmise the ract is being taKen a:Ivan-
The correspondent visited oniy onfi tare cf to start propaganda prejudicing
whrre little shoes
9 wornnnt his one?:
. ' 7 . . :. 1 f... ,,, ...oj Af.
:nir-:f.fl? Tnr- .11 r,r mnra hnh ba Tlim V IJI.l uailiniuii. nuu i uii j - ,
it havin, a fnir rh.tmo- a . ' rica from Nanzibas to Benguella in n.orth to .the. . wankie coal neias ana . ,h 8everal poijgi, camps that in people against the use of cornmeal,
For three and a half years France i rmdovment agency, and te love-y ' 1875. wnite "copper is found at Watan- tn to tne the recruit8 are received and--nd thus rtcfeatins the objects of the
las bern doing the best she couU asiparden where refugee children tru:v'ga and for a considerable distance io ; abe In the other centers; fcori commission. In case of inquiries
the westwards. eitner uaviu l.iv-:- - - snread about France the men are you can state ,osiuveiy ;nai me su?
on intoroctinr utnr v ance is uuia wayo. me ca ima ! oi kuuiu-
. ; ci it r.uuucia. , 111:11 1 11 it i 011 n oj p,
' north to the Wankie coal rields and
they poured in endless ctrfums
Belgium and from ai the invaded C:s
tricts of France, while she had to pu
her strength against that pushing
German line .which would have surged
into Paris through any break. i:u.
every day thty came in great num-
r.,....K 1,.,." . v,, inestone nor lvetl Cameron ever vis-. . . . . formed Into iniantrv ree.ments
x ..... .... . , ..v, - - f ; torn. Here Is the town ot Livingstone. w- .i" .:;?
hear them laueh wirn to.i"c win"' - .. .1 ti c- i oaiierics. caiij
flower boxes at all wt 11- which is one of the romances of Cen-, " rTw,V;" " engineer and field service com
.. ... . " , trol Africa Sn Innf ini 9a 7S3 ftp uiiN5smire 11 i a HU IUI IMI1 , ..j,, . ,Ln, ,,, ,
l...r ,a,iuiuiu6 iu 1 - " ' - F " ""I"'
uuiun. -
like our
you can
1 here a
1 ArTS- 3
l.ho ".iri'. 'reennii. t n,o .nh'in I Portugese tried to find and Dr. Lacer
I M. Peltier 'made a citv w'thin' a Perished in the attempt The copper
bnrs. lost and helpless, from beautiful j seminsrv in Paris, and M. Mirmau.belt was discovered by tne late Jir.
vilages and towr.r and cities that now . defect of the district of Meurths-at- George Grey, the brother of the ror
are heaps cf ruins. IV.it that Some- Monello, made a city within a greater British secretary for foreign af-tMng-of
ti-e Spirit was stil! not ci uf'i-j military barracks at Nancy. The re.- ars- Grey was amusing himseir after
ed out-it responds to tr.e s-jnllgai.; ufte33 con,e from neighboring towns having carried out an expedition Tor an
Geniuses like M. Peltier and Mirmanl whi,.n tad secn every rorra or out-, 0'htr P"rVse trying to r nd the source
and the Tr.n who Turts every train and 80me of them were rroir. , ot the. Kafue. one of the Lamhesi s big-
that comes into Evian with the re-j rrbPrvii,er-t'iat town which will gest trioutanes. Near the source of
patriated, know this. immortal throught its martyrdom, in the kaMe Grey climbed a mountain
AmpHcj.il Red Cross, wcth the $!f0.-l,, var, little ,.n ionmri no- country thirty-seven bare
Of'OOOO war iund l;c!i.ii(i it, on U3 ar-t0 be terrified at anv
But when you are
round. While diving downward there is a great pull
harmless. I on the lever and you have 10 use all
your strength to get it back.
. Blddle comrs of the famous Biddie
family of bankers and millionaires.
There are five sons in the servite.
Young Peyton March, who was killed
at Fort Worth a couple of weeks ano
and Biddie were close friends, and
hills.
H
.,.....oiui me name nil me 111110 ri
unexpected, . ,. ., ,,i,
was that he led another expedition to
hin And i .p t-inrv r.f the AniTir:nLi n:- .k iii, fi., ,. the copper belt and over 2.iu copper
Red ( Toss Is the principle ci -; blood hoys and girls. Mothers, with
ope:a'ion it t-stal'lihed ti.'-re, and '' i ln the sound of the. guns booming a
which it v.-rrks. The first thing it niofe,- n,;PS away on the Ixirraine fron
for rj.f--. !es .n J-r;:nce was to make . t jftr w-.sere their husbands were figor
itself tl.e co-operator, and never by;i-,? found themsclver linked to real
chance the rival, cf all ;he exist
mines were found. The English com
pany roolishly recognized the, illegal
1 monopoly of King Leopold instead of
takine the mines undeV the mining law
of the Congo State or purchesing them
ng, found tnemsciver linked to real- fm ,u-u rh hart a riht
any chance tne ma . ci ai. .ne i,y a:i, , work for their children: :lQ do mAer the international act that
rg agencies efficia and noiwfrrl al ; lhp ,omn,uni, y. , making exquisite H independent 8late of the
for their welfare. It put a grant ot emm-0ldery (nearly always heartiw;: rft a. . frP(, ,rarie countrv with
5.000 000 francs lahout $l.ow..0..l- m thP tcwers and thistles-handson-c "01 the LMg?ans adS
tl:. hand, of the French gover,menvarmR of Lorraine) which M. Peltier ij"
i jr i. iciufitca emu 11 1 " marnr-n ior uiem. ana nirng enciess
the!
housar.ds uprn thousands o. the:.icious or vitaIly np;e:ary building,; Thu ,8 to lead to troul)ie iat3r
oueezed nt, Paris attits. Also u in Nancy. Girls and young women on a3 a roup of international rinan--S8"
to I everyt.i.ng that c.-,u .ts . BarH to ken hcuse well and eco-cters nave secured virtually everv
nnmicany. ana 10 mahe cr.armm? thinR ,n 320.OOO square miles in a high,
clothes that were elvo nractical. .i healthv uart of Alrica which must he-
and prepare de.rent lcdings for
thousa
squeezed
b
be larned abcut the w.'c'.e probletr.
of the millu.n and s haf of the.i:.
Typical Case
There had lwc.n vondcrful. initia
tive, characteristically Frcticn. in
niry cases in nicotine these inr-o f
ings of the homeless. The case of
Peltier and a group of gendarme
(who correspond with our policemen
is one of the great sicries of the war.
Here it is:
One dny it wa eiirlv in tV.e
th" gendarmes of two arro:irlIsse
ments. or wards. In. Par's receiver,
an cffr.ial tflevrrm that about 1
refuece-i would arrive tV.e next morn
ing for t.Vm to take care or. So; no
provision, no mom y, no rocf. no place
to put t!.err.. no anythii's; hut IS'to o.
them, nevertheless d-ie to nrr've rc
next mornlne and 'their responsir.;!
ity. M. Peltier, the chief one of these
wards called r cnft reiic e. First, mon
ey. These gendarmes, or' pol:cet ie,i.
rut each a hand into l" own po kei
and produced to fra'ics; and
tae icr.lti tu-.t tUt;- told tl.e
sand bags fcr the protection of pi;
powers. The special British treaty
would have secured them their rights.
preparation for a ha'puv life after t:ie
war. A garage was made Into a com
munity tliea're. another into a ci.auet.
It is te French genius.
The Other Picture
fore long become the home of a while
race.
At present the Katanga copper beii
is reached from Cape Town so I as
the reader to fellow me up along t(u
Whi! these glorious people were so-called Cape-Tc -Cairo railway and I
finrTrtff themselves, though under co:v
f'ant Wonder f fnl!'-T hi-n1" 'r)n; --
nor 've"hed rep)p f-rthcr m
were dinrine to '.lie rlns cf t!eT
will trow how each advance took nlact
The British acquired the cape troi:
the Dutch ilin liiotj. Twenty years lut
er. owing 10 an outcry in Englan..
W,!e the mothers worked svery. the British governmem
'ter
7 1 1 'd
in the f.eids or munition factories,
he cMlrtren. manv cf them, were tos;
from t!ieir mo'hers or left w'.en these
women were taken r- the i""de-s
grew like wild thines fil'hv. 11 .
a-ht. untrained. ome of them left
.-ir !red hv tlie terrors. They were
t'sed to crawling into holes when
honhn or shmpnel fell. They wouid
hot wear th'r .3- m'i'Ks Toey rian
H'mo't ea'i to he like human chil
dren, and nunv of them v-.re 11--o-isie-.
yet loved and t'lellered chil-
i'.i.tiiiiiid on latr Ti-;
aroi'rarily abolished slavery in Sotitl,
Africa and gave f loo a slave comper
sutjon latiout ?. fiuarter the value of v
slave 1. The Boers were the Dutch an-i
British iniilcontej.ts and slave ownnr.:
who moved northwards and founde-1
the " rai.svual. For fifty years ther
was no advance northwards till di:t
inoudx were found in the desert (Kal
ahari) now Kimberly. ami gold wai
found at r.arherlon in the eastor!'
Transvaal. Then came the first Trans
vaal war mid the Boers became (ex
cept for the British riht to move
troops thro'.ch the country ;iiil cou
artll- picion is due to sand. After the ex-
squadrons and 1 amination of a s-tck sent me by Mr. while March's deati shocked Biddie
panles, Sanguinetti. I wculd not hesitate to It did not lessen nis determination 10
nd apti-iuse t:!e product fcr fcod myself. become a flyer.
tudes.
I . Tlio mon nn nnraHA nrpnented fa vprvi
Congo
The star of the Congo mine
reached after a hundred and seventy fine appearance and seemed to apply
eignt mite run westward and ior an- themselves with great Intelligence
other 180 miles we eo through coun-' j . ., .rn.,ici,;nn nr n,m.
' ' . I CUCIfiJ IV lilC OyuioiilWH Wl Mi".. .
try that is described as the Katanga jta instruction. Every word cr com-i
Belt. How can I describe the country? mand wag obeyed with extreme alac-l
It is mostly open rorest. It varies in : rit A those with whora the corre.
height rrom 3500 feet to 6400 reel. The I gpondent conversed were anxious to!
higher the country the more open It is .h-n ,ha u.prp fo h- Kpnf . ,hei
and the highest country is prairie. The ! front the desjre beinR general among!
uiy eariui.. ihv ALi.cau ii.ui.lii9
during which 65 inches rail, temper
the summer heat. As to the minerals
intheso uth are a range or iron hills,
mountains of pure halmutite just as
the country starts to break down to
them to get into the actual fighting
as soon as possible.
I General Archinard. who is In coin
! mand cf the new army now speedily ,
(attaining considerable proportions ini
1 Mnuafii.anpn nf fr.li nrrivhlu from '
the copper belt (sandstone impregnat- AlIierj(,a ald Eni,Iand presented on'
ed with carlionate of copper) and in;,he OC(.aiiIon of ,he rentenary of
the low country which is far from . Kosfriusk0i le Poli!h fIdc, to the lirstl
healthy H a tin belt described as the f h first ,nfantry rPplment.,
Warren District Lags
Reports of State Hotel and Restaurant Chairman for State of
Arizona Show Slight Savings in BJsbee and Warren;
Stete Saves Enough.to Ration One Regiment for Sev
eral Days.
ncne .country ra oase minerals ia , , h ,)ears , , at ,tg head
he wor.d with every obstacle against J when on t,,e march or on ceremonial
j occasions.
The English pioneered the country I -The
Belgians made a mess ot it and "
now an American engineer has got , CAFTAIN BAILEY TO
The Warren district, it is represent
ed in the report or the chairman of
the hotel and restaurant division of
report of the state chairman for Ari
zona is In the savings of meat. Despite
the ract that the savings program for
the state was confined to pork, the
things going so that directly the war
is over a railway will be built from Lo
bito. just north of Benguella in Portu
gese Angola, to Katanga along the
Congo. F.ainheii water shed. It is
this w
u'ntpr u
,.ra Airi fr... t.. .k 1 with the United States traffic of. ficials , The entire state, however, is accom
offers chances It Is hich healthv!'" charge cf the foreign transporta-1 plishing large results in t!ie matter of
...nt.-7 -o-t r th w,..r,.. r k tion activities, word to this effect hav- and restaurant division, says the
SEE SERVICE ABROAD
PRESCOTT. March 23. Capt.
ater shed -a gTeat unbroken , Pailey is about to he sent across the February, in the words of M. T
shed stretching 1700 miles pond to France to continue his work do "not look very good."
the L'nited States food administration total savings as reported by the ho
for Arizona, is lagging In the savings tels and restaurants amounted to 22.
of food in its hotels and restaurants. S pounds or enough it is estimated
....... a to ration the entire Arizona reglme.it
according to the latest figures from f(M. R per,0(1 of flve dayr
Phoenix. In these figures this district ,n dewU ,,ie Tf.poTt for iUsbre foi
ls fallinir far short of cities of half inw: Savings in meat. 250 pounds;
the population of Bisliee and Lowell, flour. 75; sugar. 50; butter. 3i; Urd.
Neill 1 and the shewing for the month ot 50
Grler.
says the re-
.1 .,ii,. o ,i ,i. .'inc been received here by LeRoy An- the food administration conservation
Liuain ra f ivi 1. aim v 11111 i 1 1 11 tc o -
from tche fiv. This is one or the last . d. rson. Mr. Bailey's attorney. Bailey, port, t . lurges have been made that
great grazing areas of the world not'ho started to work for the govern- the food administration conservation
v.t i iinn .-.n un i -ni,i ci.nnr.rt ..nrior 1 ment at a dollar h year, was recently program in the state has fallen down.
present conditions at lenst 50 million ' -'vi n a rcmnussior. as captain ami i u v i n.i mau. n-.ui... i"r .eat .
now draw tig tne pay or sucn an tun- cuares ne if sues a siuirmem in K!oi:r
-ial. somerhins Hko S200 a month. 'res. showing appreciable net gains in S:lcar
Mrs. Euiley. who is at present in meat. w':eat tiour. siuar. butter and utter
Washington with her husbund. will not !ni by the public eating places of the ird .
n o !'reco-t In event Mr. Bailey state.
tran.;ferri I to France, and Captain In culling attention to the conditions
la'.Iev states that his activities will existing in Bisnce the suite official
.... ., t,.riiv ecp him aay frcm the admits that this district faces different
old heme town until the close of hos- problems than any p'her in the stale. Pt :iirias
t.l'Mos. He ha therefore, abandoned He retognives the ta''t that the pa- Globe ..
p.'l h;ue .f b?ing able to take an active trons cf restaurant? are men who de- .l.-rome
'nnl In the direction of any or tne mand hearty food and that savings Miami..
rr'o'T mining enterprises with which in incut and flour for thia reason No. alp?
ve hs bren cenneetert In tlie pnst in should naturally he lessened. How- Phi eni
Arizona, and their .mairs sre rapidly ever, he declares iu conclusion: "Per- Pre.'crtt
! a'lik placed in th hands of other loir's a little pubiicity iu your p per Tucson
ctipaMe pur Mes. l.o will hold down about the public eating pi. ires down Vimia
t!,i !i until such as Captain Bailev tin re will get them iu line." BislH-e
tv ;.. f., rcMirti. -One c f the s'ri';'r . '-.ir.n cs of '!'e t..v e'l
The report for Lowell is: Meat. fi.
pounds; flour. 200; sugar. ISO; butter.
15; lard, 75.'
The following table shows the
gains made from month to month
since the tabulation of figures was
started:
head of cattle. Already 160 South Af
rican Dutch families are settled alons
this prospective railway route and a 1
sprinkling of Englishmen as well. And
as Africa, now that the Gcrnuins are
out of It. has become entirely a ques
tion tor France and her nationals and
England and her subjects we may look
for an extensive settlement on the.
Congo Zambezi water shed (for Por
tugese misrule, and Bolghuj niinnip.
lence can m longer He filer,Uefi and
Katanga as the center of enterprise In
the up-building of (he hilihunts ot
south central Africa into the home oi
a while race, a work that culls for (he
co-operation of adventurers, capital-'
and poli' icUi lis alike.
Pounds
Arii"! tons
Feb. Jn. De.
22.4:'.2 14.959 :!.".. 7:
40.IM4 29.442 21.112
15.642 12.47 24.::s2
. 4.6S1 3.015 3.57"
10.990 6.fi35 8.772
showipr the largest
d as follows:
Meat Flour Sugar
. 2.25.1 l.iiiMl MCI
. . 91S 2.l'15 3:'."
l. it lino :iio
... 910 1.94.1 4V
700 1.350 3.10
. 2.030 4. S.I I 2.50.1
. 1.112 2.1SS l.m:t
.1.217 2.123 S24
S5 1 19:1 4v1
250 7.1 5o
.'. 20 1M SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MARCH 24, 191S.
OFFICERS SEARCHING
FOR COPIES OF THE
"FINISHED MYSTERY'
AH Offices D?en No?ifis3 lo
Arrest Persors With Co Ties
in Thc:" Possession &nJ De
stroy Bcok?.
Locl off!cr and rfnartrn"t c.f
.T"Jtice Mojv in Wtirr.vi H'a'riei.
fail to f "M 1 any "mystery about a book
whici is ncinr Jistributed i ii"-Va
nnde-- t title. "Th- Pin ;l,ed Mvs
tery." It looks i-'?t like nl-i'n Oernnn
tironn?rnn:i to tep pr I inst- "'"n
have hee i5;p'l to n1; c-rfipf.r
thro'K'''r-'t tbeS-oiTr" '. lonfiseate
art'' (t ot- " tl rnnin; tpl
Instruction hiy nen received in
tjr WirPi ri;tri-t h' f.u itnvQ
seirch b foiled o .lip-top' fin at
tempted di'stri'i'ton ef the heok in
this Incl'fv. Sve") lioijfi.ivl funics
have been des'r.vo in v;rioi!s Texas
cir0:; in fhe pist wee!:
"The Finished Mystery i3 n Tiubli
cation recently icMie-t l.' a iiiMe -v
ciety for a nation-wid- ci filiation.
.Publication Locks liifoccnt
Tfcrre is not"'"? nho-ri the 'nk it
self thnt would aroue the s'ihtet
suspicion. The onter cover, v i"ch is
done in a rd cloth hind:n. heirs the
follo-'"rjr iTxjor'ntin iri r-nM tittering
"THr" FIVK-HD MRTFRr
"A Helninr Hand for Pible S'ucents."
The back is inscribed: "StU'iies in
Scriptvires."
A publisher's preface savs tbs the
book is pos"tiruos work of Pastor
Charles Taze Russell, be'ne cor.iniled
from extracts of his writines. Con
tents of the book are withheld, it be
ing; the purpose of federnl "'horities
to suppress it as far as possible.
Purely German Propaganda
"The Finished Atvstery" i" elievd
by government offic'als to be. welv
and simplv a publication of proCJer
man propaganda," srid a federal of-fjooi-
"Persons four 1 circi'lat;p
Mill be vieorouslr prosecuted. I wish
to urge that persons knowing- of others
who have copies of the book in their
possession report it to the department
of instice at once.".
According to government agents ev
ery effort will he made to find and con
fiscate fhese coiies.
"The Finished Mystery" is a verita
ble wolf in lamb's clothins. according
to federal officials. Beneath its- ruise
of iunocent Biblical teachings ic son
cealed some of the rankest pro-Germai
propaganda and anti-natriotic senti
ment ever conceived. Four pages near
i STYLE HEADQUARTERS fi
in
1
Stvle Meadotiarters
To make good. stylish clothes, requires
master hands.
In the making of Society Efrand Clothes,
master designers, master cutters and master
tailors are employed men who have been
developed according to the Society Brand
way.
There is but One standard in these shops.
The master-designer tailor- and the force
of specially trained workmen under him
know, by practice, one method, one system.
A garment of the lowest priced line is tailor
ed by the same method as a garment of the
highest price. There is no compromise with
make-shifts. The difference in price is the
dit.ercnce in fabrics and trimmings.
The 3ociey Brand shop3 are headquarters
of the finest operators in the country.
Realize what every garment tailored alike
mrans to ) cu. Tailoring that you will not
be moved to question in looking at a gar
ment. Tailoring that is right in detail, lines
and balance. Tailoring of one grade only
that the best.
A Style for You Is Here
Priced $20 to $40
a
If
Schwartz
Tho Safe Place
the renter of the look nre devoted to
pacifist thought in which the entente
nations are bitterly criticized. So clev
erly are these words used that, a ca.su
nl reading would convince the "s'u
dent" without his being aware of it.
MINERS INVITED TO
ATTEND LECTURE OF
Y MINING CLASS
rier f indnnist. of the C. & A. me-,vPrir-l
'etartrrent will ta'k on m-hi-e
dr'i's wet stcners and plusgers
" 'be trinin" course lecture at the
v . c. A. Thursday pftemoon and
"'"hf. Mr. Lini'uis w'll have ma
fh'ncs on and to demonstrate and
wi'l hrw the types used in the C. &
A n. !, wii';h bave ;iot yet been
covered in the former lectures.
T.'e mnrhines h?ve s senarate oil
tt (xitnstmenr at a ereat deal of ex
pense an' it is, verv necessary that
twiners ifjinc the machines understand
i TCTotmn'stn Becmise of the slieht
trihip jr ltsin" this, many miners
cil throne1! the holes This brines in
-.and pnd rr'.t and in time sticks the
iTi!'-h'ne and entirely mins it.
T' e f.tTer me hod of cleaning and
tostine th machine before starting
wMrk wi'l be rown. Causes of trouble
n"t p-enealiv known to miners. Can
tion sfn?t "pe'ting" a machine with
a double-'ack. The proper method of
cipKHrir dirt 'mm the miyhine, es
pecially the valve chest, how to prop
erly loosen and reoair the hammet
" hen it ?etc stuck in Cre cylinder and
how to tell If the machine is not work
ns r!"ht so Tninor adjurtments may
be mide before it s too late, will be
f!"h.
P!i7fr noints such as the ratchet.
iwl. ifvl nlnnz'er, rines. rtchet
bar an-1 ratchet nnt. riHe bar and rifle
hit wi'i te ttoinled out.
Rppsons wsv machines should never
be taken anart underro"nd wi" also
be enlarged upon, while Mr. T,indqul?t
will te! of he necessary tools for re
rair'n'' machines and other interest
ine facts.
r.rVopf interested in min;ng is in
vited to nttend the lecture t 1:30 or
the evening talk at 7 o'clock.
BROWNS WIN GAME.
SHRFVKPORT, La.. March 9".
R.H F.
"t. Louis m0r'cpps S H S
Shreveport Texss league ... 5 10 1
Rce"'s nsvonnort1 and peverid.
Munsell. Reresky and Snyder. Fornian,
Wells.
AVIATOR KILLED.
i"v nvt'm' ""-el
MUM I. F'-. Msrch 23. Second
l ieutenant Lester C. Buman of Salt
Lake City, an aviator in the Marine
corps, was kil'ed this evening as the
result of a fall in - hy iroairplane.
1
Bros. Co.
Main Street
V
i!
!
ii I
'KINS
LEAVES DISTRICT
f ABRM
Dr. Thomas Vi'atkins, for the past 10 !
years r. resident of the Warren d;s- j
triet, Wt last ni?ht fcr Fort ClarX,
Texas, where he will besin active prep-
a'ntion for service rh r.d Frierds I
of the doctor g.T'T-red ii larec num-:
Imrj at te rtn!irn t n ttfl liim fflr I
well He wi't enter rcti ve .ervlce next
.wei'K s iieuienani in 'lie nifu:isi
reserve pnrns
l.r iaTKi"s aitin-r iuv aan:issioii
Kv ih' T nitel S'ates medical reserves
Inst .Iii'v. He was accented and com-j
missiond lie-tenant in September.
Since he has hen in imiform con -
is-r.ptt- rnr OPP month ."-e was 8S -
'signed to duf at Douelas. Inter being
returned to the reserves. In his
p'icat'en for service he reouested
.speedy fransnortation to the French
: front. Pr. AVatkins in his new com
mission is assigned o the third sanl
.a.,. tr"tns at Fort Clark.
Pr. Watkins has been a resident of
'this city fcr the nast 10 years. He has
;bern in the emnlo o' he Copper
Oueen, at the local dispensrar.
mi if 1 ri
jne Homeless in r rance
! , '
fContlm.ee- from Phh F've ,
dren seemed to look surfenii? through
their eves.
M. Hirman found them gathered
them up into a barra-ks a Toul
called to the Red Crosf and the Amer
ican for French wounded. And these
two organizations, workme together,
fitted un the barracks (ther is a prettv!
room with gay chintz there now) and
established a hospitol and a dls -
pensarv. a traveling dispensary, which
goes from town to town, fie docior
and k nurse cur'""- for te sick, anil.
I teaching child welfare as thev po we!
' come )s an"?tls by those who havr
jsu'fere'i such aron'es. M M'rmsn.
ideHehted. is furtheri-'e the'r work In
I everv possible wav. himself working
for the present an for the future, a!
kind cf master but'der.
Still Another Pef"gee '
And t'vve is sti'l another kind off
refugee, w.'iose iourney. it is no saen-
le?e to sav. has been 'ike tne way
of the Crcs: yet sometimes endin?,
at last in the human hanoiness of re
I union: more often in scrrow asain.
after that dramatic, thrilling moment
when they re-enter France a'ter long
jevile in the hands of the captors.
(Those repatriated from Gerrianv. Bet
! gium r.nd invaded parts of France
?.e hroueht bscfc throueh Rtvan. Mere
'he Red Crocs has established hospi
tals and dispensaries to care forj
those too weaK to go ianuer, una 10
segreeate and rare for those with in
fectious diseases, thus preventing tne
spread of contagion throughout
Frence.
So the Red Cross works Wherever
! bnrrf nressed mardi"s cf French clv-
MUt-Hou.
lllnllnn -liothor flfficlul flf Hll re !
1-1 A MM.nln c-macefilllv with '
FOR
BOfi
D
lL: . ' ' a:"'L"m . ,wl'he National Tennis essosiation.
endless stress of refue br'ne. ?' c,",,,n,e ' :
them then the Red Css stands rearv i ,io"al- State and -ectir-nnl -tul .r con
'to strengthen cr ef-r-s with Aer. test for men. women, girls priors anj
j Throngb isnet',-,F
dencta from wpf'-b.
the cVtiiiren j
0'"ntes oT'
i fod r" clothin" an f'm't-ire
; d'-tribi'ted. wreh"'ce rrm whtcp i
i the ru'ned little yt1lfle cn be re-
stocked with the tools and minn"es;
I that m"'re "orn"! life --,m f"r
; more, f'is aid is be'r" "i-en or n"i
I th vio'ence pri' oi'tr''es tht in
Vdes iiave pot heen phlp tr crt'sh ;
i ov S"m"thtnT-tn-the-Stir:t w1''h lin-'
I . . .. . a
: pts in na'terert ne-"t' or nr-T
e n .'.at the Pert Cross is Mth-
fnil - Reining the homrlcrs in France
j to cherish.
i THP SOU An F RifrFJVF.n I
I AT CENTRA THEATRE
Motion picture "fans" will find
' number of their favorites in Harold
: Lockwood's new Metro wonderplay.
j"The Squire Deceiver." an adapMorj of
Francis PeiTy Elliott's novel. "Love
i Me For Myself Alone." which " will
show at the Central tbettre today, con-
'rt..
HAROLD LOCKVY00D in
"THE SQUAPE DECEIVEE"
uous performance from 1 to 11 o. v.
Harold Lockwood. of course, heiul t
the cast in the part of Billy Van Dyke.
Lockwood, as everyone knows, is one
of the screen's most popular stars and
is recognized as everybody s favorite.
In the leading feminine rdiv-th:it of
Beatrice Forsythe. the "wonde; girl"
appears Pauline Cukley. a d.tintv golden-haired
beauty who is raindly win
ning a name for herself.
WHITE SOX BEATEN
(R- ffvlew T wire)
DALLAS. Texas. March 2S. Dallas
Texas Ieue 4: Chicago Ainericans ?.
Klnnev Flower- and Dowie- Hobson
1 Williams and Lynn,
"ie Barrer" Future at the Eagle
: If
Pr J If- ' - .-'?v
BARRIEITP v it k:..
If 4
PL 1rv.- Mm
gflDv i'i'''ii.Jti VI;ii(!U..;j'.;xs
i -.?Sw ..r , : . . iL.. . .....
i
I
From the first showing of "The Bir-
rler " by Rex Beitch, from his famous
1 v Y" k ,his wonderful picture has
- Ne ork. this wonderut picture nas
j Provfcd an m!nK ttcce9- U
at-Mured the big audiences at the very
start. It held them breathless through
Y BASK.ETBALLERS
WIN TITLE CLASH
WITH HIGH SCHOOL
The Y. M. C. A. basketball team ,
last nisht defeated the hiyh schooi
,five- in a game at the association by j
score of3i to 25. th contest;
In thriller and was w.tnessed by a.
llarse crowd which had turned out for
; h gtunt pro?ram billed by ;
I Physical Director Morley. j
The lineup? ia the game were as j
! follows:
High school Louis visalia ant'
John Hobbs, forwards: John McCrsa
mas. gucrds. Arthur Peterson and;
Joyce Ralph, substitues.
j Y. M. C. A. F. A. Kopf and K. Lau-l
renson, forwards: Jas. V. ?.iorney I
center; J. B. Potter end D. Schirch. '
guards. H. Cochran, substitute.
Griffin William refereed.
In the volley ball clash the eight ;
o'clock class walloped tb" five o'clock i
tesm in two out of three games. The j
lineups:,
Five o'clock team Georce Cobb, i
captain; Prof. Snvdr B. R MetcaT :
Red Gannon, E. B. Riiler and Geo. C. i
Dix. I
Eight o'clock t"ara M. Krebbs, !
captaip; A. H. Ilushnell, J. K. Berry, j
J. Owen, C. M. Wheeler, (J. Williams
and E. C. Jacot.
Adolph Hill won from W. C. Stack
in straight falls of four an! three min
utes respectively in an exciting mat
exhibition.
The boxing match scheduled did not
materialize as E. N. Miller was unable
to be present and no other opponent
for Jimmy Dunn could be found.
TENNIS TOURNEY.
(Bv Review teased Wiret I
NEW YORK. March 23. Restora
tion of tennis championship play forj
the coming s?pson was officially j
sanctioned here tonight with the i
sdonfon o" a 140 tournament ache-'
Irtule by the executive committee of
Th-s!
(L-uv. v,iii u;i cu najc ('i:iiihj uir iu
wecub. j
" " " '
MOSCOW. Wednesday, March 20. '
An intercepted German wireless mes-1
saga says that many members of the
French and British embassies fleeing
from Petrograd were captured by thj
Germans when an allied vessel was
caught in the ice in crossing the gulf
I of Finland to Sweden The c.intiven
tne message said, were sent to concen-
; tratjon camps,
I
PRINCETON WINS.
Hv Review T'is-il Vlrft
PRINCETON, N. J., Murch 2.
Princeton showed the best nil around
form in the individual interco!le"ate
swimming cliEinpionshiys h-re toniuht
capturing a '"tal of -1 points.
STOMACH ACTS FINE!
NO INDIGESTION, GAS,
HEARTBURN, ACIDITY
Tape's Diapepsin" fixes sick,
sour, upset stomachs in
Five minutes.
You don't want a slow remedy when
your stomach la bad or an uncertain
one or a harmful ont; your sumach
is too valuable; you mus'.r't injure tt I
with drastic drugs.
rapes inapepsin is noieu tor it'iofthe
speed in giving relief; Us harmless-1 fifty clowns, the pink and fluffy eijues ! parade will be seen one -reat section
ness; its certain, unfailing action in I triennes will fl ish the grand news of 'of "America in Aition" floats ami ta
regulatlnK sick. Sbur. sassy stomachs. I the coining of the-hii; fchow from every 1 le;iix w.ipiiis vni'ti which will he seen
s'.a and gastritis, when caused by acid-1
ity, has made it famous the world , wouU, k(?op ,hp clr,.us;.s in wint,.r quar
over" ters this season tre happy. The young
Keep this wonderful stomach sweet- j sters of all ages might have been re
ener in your homo keep it handy get : assured long aso. for the government
a large fifty-cent case fiVm any drug made a point of providing transpnru
store and then if anyone should rat 'ion thannels for the lorg show trains,
something which doesn't agree with I n V,me!! ,,ike ,he:'f- state the bi' chiefs
., ... , . ... , , in Washington, the public niut h.ivj
them; f what they eat lays like lead. wh()I(lsouieS Bmu,nll!nt , orilPr ,n.,t
fermcnU and sours and forms gas: ,vi to wjn the wir sb.. no,
causes headache, dizziness and nau- weakened by the meloncholy that must
sea; eructations of acid and undigest- sooner or later pievall if the mwt Alli
ed food remember as soon as Pape's ' erican entcitainir.ent of them all. the
Diapepsin comes in contact with the ' 'ircus. should not make its annual vis-
stomach It helps to neutralize the ex
cessive aridity, then all the stomach
distress caused by it disappears. Its
promptness, certainty and caie in '
joven'jiiiing such stomach disorders is
I revelation to those who try it.
1 (Advertisemen
,. ., ...i f O.NJRl.i.lEll M
scene after scene of swif. s::rri'iT a'-
,ion- It called forth waves f ; !
the thrilling tlimsxes wore r-ached.
An(J a1 XwQc "The j;:,ni.-r" is a
Kreat pict-re sreally prodaced -
highest development of the i hoto '.ra-
ma.
"Nau of Music Mountain" at Eagle
-0"S.
f S S !
. x .
ft ' '-mmx v-e ' .i-.it'i ". ' '
J! V . 1
I 1 A -
xi ; V .
ii t . , i A p , i
W . s x A-3v o if
i - ' - i-: . '.... : .. . . ft!
'X .
Nan of Mu?ic Mounlain
In his newest Paramount picture,
"Npn of Music Mounti.iu." wHcli is to
appear at the Eagle theatre today ana
Jlonday, Wallace Reid plays the part
of Henry de Spain, a young westernet.
The story deals with his adventures
Uncle Sam Sends Circus
to Enliven Our Morale
4
' ..';'
v;d
w
u.
fi
S-Min the red, white and tTTae ad-
vance cars of the Sclls-IToto Circu.s
will roll into Uisbee and the pictures
iof the "blood sweating behemoth", the
Ibillbo&rd. dead wall and hiuh fence.
ti buys and big boys, too. who had
f .... wiA ,K.. IKu .ti irt I itf i"iiii!iv i
Patriotic Section Feature of Parade
The Sells Kioto immurement - this
JTHE DAILY REVIEW WANT AOS BRING RESULTS
Theatre Thursday
: , .'..'.'... . ',
Thn entire pr- ii:c?cn wa made un
der the direct supervision of Mr. '.t"i h
himself, w ho in ni.n!-?e:l the Hey Me.'i n
rictun s Co. to )M),!uc( in moving pic
tures his iiKiny imp iiar novels " i ne
t'i'rrier" wtil le seen at the Fas;le
the.iiin starting Tifsday aturiioi.n.
in cleaning up a gang of outlaws and
thieves, and incidentally his quest to
avenge the murder of his father. There
is a very fascinating love story, with
the daughter of the worst thief in tho
gang as his fiancee.
- K t
1
r
; .
i t . :
-1 .1 I- . i
U . Lr,-
yoar h;;s spout th'nts-.ir.ils of dollars in
ad.iins to both .arai!e and perform-
auce retires of patriotic and "Win the
! War" feitures. In the two mile wreet
('oliiml)i i and siiuliolicnl figures of yll
our allied nations. This section will
be hi'aih'd by a ilium and fife repps of
bona fide veterans of tho civil war.
Men who have fought at (o-ttyshurg.
Chii'kamauga, Maivern Hill. They ap
pear in their regulation uniforms, fully
ar ne l. 1'ihint thirm wi'l come fifty
pieiy mounted girls dressed in tho
uniforms of soldier of our five great
wars. Other beautiful patriotic floats
follow.
The liii show performance opens
with a treat spectacle employing six
hun I red people mid horses. The. vet
erans of 'til. the allied nations and I'n
cle Sam will Iw sivn in this. Alter
that the rings, tin. stages, thu air will
be filled with ail that is best in the
wei ; I of the circus.
JACK AND BEANSTALK
FILMS MANUFACTURED
TO PLEASE GH1LDBEN
: a.- r . ' i . v ::r ? ' " ':
Uir -.-t-Tt :t lUi i 1.': I.
. ; :. i !r ? " i '.'' :-. ...';!,' i;d.
u - . i : ill
1 t-r.c,..' ii ;i- ;: ! r'.- ir ' '
ll!' ( 11. 1 i .
: v: ! v ,v s r. ory. w. i :
' ir :i !::;.-: i' "n n til.! : f
' lie. t -'avj of the r.T.i'sii-".1 ;.'-'.'i.;-'
r. -,: U s n-' a ri.P'.p o! d' Utrht. to
tve !itt!e o' rtc .-'n titms. It f
i fi.r.if J for t hilir-n. by cl ildnn. ur. 1
i m it) be ic'ev. eii t(v the F ": F.'-.a r-
n-.TRtion the l'iru cf t:ie rem', r
' ircplh'v "Foij I't-!;!ie Fea urc "
bt: ia .nt'iirateil.
r! i ir , ir 'n- u-s rf.v ! t;"i
; ! i." 'His ci e-ii ;y wi e.i ! . :4 -5.!'I
l1. li'f"ie-4 n-Si'r- . epirnne r-?,fl 10
them ;ro;u a book abint the ''iiPts
ci-n'in rairirs aI) Dth-ir
won-lerful marv !s of the nu-tk-bi-.
'.U' e wti-i 1. Now ihese wonjertiil
s:rVs i."e to be v:sii:i!'?'il bv n;i.-!er
i !.' m!r. and fceroie th" dH- i'ted
I es. o." the
:l;l-e:i of thu woilii.
SOLDIER IN KHAKI
! EMBRACES ITALIAN;
MOTHERS IN ARMS
WITH THE AMERICAN ARMY IN
FRVNCE. F-bruii'v IS. (Correspond
ence of The Assaciatt'l Press i Otii
(ers e'lier'.-ip.g .'rom a TTt:H ho'el in a
t '.n ct the r;ir of o-ir sector to.l iv
saw rn American soldier rush up to
" cmy-cratcd Italian sillier, sdi?
h!i!' by the hand and thi-n tbrow lt!s
r.ir::s a'o.'nd him. Then the pnir )-"-I
to ':ilk ra;i:i'y in Itr.l'n. tota
:' c ir fi'C's wrt'tti:eci in i-nites. one
ri'crs'oiuily p;tti.ig the ether on the
t:1u'T. A cur'ous cnptaln -.va!k.l
'i-ver and aei t 'e A;ueri-aa ssdi'ior
w!-"t '-al! the ntciienrrt" was
"Tl.ia is my brother." said the
merit-an soldier. ''I have rot s t-n
X.ta for nenrlv f!v years, when we
iiTit t-n h in Denver."'
Tin i the soldier told this story, the
bother in the Italian uniform noidtiic
Lit the while:
Five years aero t,-e two brothers
wef workiftg for a n:?Pin; cc,mnany
l Colc-adr. One sued his n.ucev
and deuiied he would co hack to Itiily
to sre his mother. The pair went to
rTv.ver vi ere th?y .-i;ira' d. I'on
reaching Italy the homesick one of
tte two deci.Ied be wo;:ld stay a whil e.
Ho did; t'-en t', wnr ciire on an 1
he whs taken into the army.. Lsfer
b:olher number tw? enlisted in the
American srmv and so rhy. met here. .
Al'UT lalk'U two n.iuuieir Itey dis
rrverid t.hat :he It?li'in s"li'.ier was
a t ached to a unit diing some work
t.i ij-.o riiit's f'om the Ameiirnn so!-
j dicr's bill.-t. The Itn'.iaa soldier had
I rcrrr'tj.-'-n ta b-- s'lsnt tcr tip afte."
' ii c v T.ue Amer'cun FohMor tot a
-ti1p r' r ni- sicn on spot ani the
rrir ('i :r npearej prui in arm. -
i KEEP LOOKING YOUNG
! It's Easy If You Know Dr.
i Edwards' Olive Tablets
i
: The secret of keeping yonng b to feel
young to do this you must watch your
liver and bowels there's no need of
having a sallow complexion dark riga
under your eyes pimples a bilious
look ia your face dull eyes with no
sparkle. Your doctor will tell you nicety
per cent of all sickness, comes from in
active bowels and liver.
Dr. Edwards, a well-known physician
in Ohio, perfected a vegetable com
pound mixed with olive oil to act on
the liver and bowels, which he gave to
his patients for years.
Dr. Edwards Olive Tablets, the substi
tute for calomel, are gentle in their action
yet always effective. Thx-y brin? about
that exuberance of 6piri Cizt natural
buoyancy which should be enjoyed by
everyone, by tonint? up the liver and clear
ing the system of impurities.
You will know Dr. Edwards' Olive Tab
lets by their olive color. 10c and 2oc per
bcx. All druggists.
Richard Glaze, Oph. D.N.D.
rrr.ctlco Limited to 'Eye and Nervs
Disorders.
Fhone 155. Office and residence
tint tome west of .Masonic Temple,
Main Street, Bisbee, Arizona.
Glasses fitted by the latest methods.
Centra! Butte
Will hi 75 ccnls April 1st
Why net buy row ai EC
:ents ;
Vi A GAW & WARD
Over 5 anJ 10-Cent Slerj
HooTrt 4 Fhone 4?8
I0-Ceiit Dance
ERG PHY HALL
LOWELL
Every Tuesday and Satur
day Night.
Harmori'i Orchestra
Fo.tr Fiecss. SEVEN
J
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MARCH 24, 1918.
- J
1 JJU -t f D.Jfo
AddltlOnal City BnaS
nuumuuftivu
BACK TO CANANEA.
Arthur Cook, aa employee of the
Cananea Copper Company, returned
home yesterday morning after spend
ing a few days tyre on business.
PARENT TEACHERS MEETING.
The Parent Teachers association of
the Lincoln school will meet in the
school building on Tuesday evening
at 7:30. All members are urgently re
quested to be present.
FUNERAL TODAr.
Funeral services of Theodore Ar
nolde will be held this afternoon at
1:30 from the Palace chapel under the
auspices of the Knights of Pythias at
the chapel and the Odd Fellows at the
cemetery.
IS IN CITY.
W. F. Crooks the genial representa
tive of the Simmons Hardware Com
pany of St. Louis, is in the district on
a business trip He camj up from Can
anea yesterday .nj will remain tore
over Sunday.
LEFT FOR CANANEA.
Mrs. F. Thomas, wife of the master
mechanic of the Cananea Copper com
pany, left yesterday for home in that
city, after a short stay here on a shop
ping trip. She was a passenger on the
Wilson stage line.
RETURNED HOVE.
Mrs George Prince, wife
of the)
smelter foreman of the Cananea Cop- j
per Company waa an outgoing passen-;
Eer yesterday morning on the Wilson
stage line to her home in Cananfa af
ter spending a few days here.
JOIN AUTO OWNERS. are preparing to increase their acreage
Alia Sman and Bob Morrow have'thir year. Additional helpers have
Joined the Studebaker auto owners (been put on there by the P. cotn-
Yesterday they nurcbas?d from the 1 P"1 " he'P naul, tn" freight .
Hisbee Auto company a "four" a piece, j
They are now learing the art of driv
ing them around the Bisbee thorough
fares. UNDELIVERED MESSAGES.
The following undelivered telefilms
are at the Western Luion office on ac
count of insufficient addresses Al
bert Mogler, Arch Clewons, Carl Rich
ardson, Jose Audelo, A D. Jamson,
S. W. Silver, D. V. Powell, Mrs P. U
Dudley (death messisi??i.
IS IMPROVING.
The many friends of Stewart Hunt,
who is now at the Murietta Hot
Springs, taking treatment for an at
tack of rheumatism, will b2 pleased
to learn that he is very much im
proved. He will remain there a few
weeks longer, however.
FROM RANCH.
Al Stevenson was in the city yester
day rom his ranch in Dixie Canyoa.
He has been spending the larger por
tion of his time in the city during the
past week on account of his wife be
ing in the hospital where she was op
erated on a few days ago on account
of an attack of appendicitis.
HAVE MOVED.
Kmiih Xr ?.ffipmr th encinper'i
and assavers. have removed their of !
ku frnra Ills ! hmiH-Shnftllck hllild-
ing to the new Sparks-Kline buildinj;
on he corner of (i. K. Street and Ra4i-!
road avenue. They have much mor- i
commodious quarters where they a
now located than they had previously. !
'
WILL LEAVE FROM HERE. ' i
C. P. Smith, brother of postmaster'
Paul Smith of Tombstone, who reg-j
istered in Yavapai tounty, was called ,
to go on the 31st from that county,
but ask?d for a transfer to Cochise ,
and will leave Tombstone next Sun
day with the Cochise county contin
gent RETURNED HOME. I
Judge Frank Baxter of i uma coun-
ty. who has been holding court injtured within the past week from boo. -
Tombstone for the past few days, fo: j
Judge Lockwood who is in Florence.
returned to his home in Yuma last
night Judge Lockwood will be back
in Tombstone in tiui? Monday to
open court ,
THROUGH TO DOUGLAS.
Twenty-fice soldiers comprising the
band of the 308th cavalry passed; Parties, coming back from Tomb
through Osborn yesterday on the.r ; stone yesterday state that Judge Bax
way to Douglas from Camp Kearney.! ter of Yuma county, who was hoiu
at San Diego. They are all from Col-1 ing court for Judge Lockwood during
orado. They have been at Kearney j the latfr's absence, sentenced a Mex
for a number of months and wert Lan named Jose Sanchez, to serve r
fcent here from Camp Funston. They j term of five years in the state p;ni
were a healthy looking lot of young j tentiary for the theft of two hlder
men. jfic-u a hid house in Douglas. The
judge evidently believes that if hides
SERVICES TODaV. j wer- not stolen tbat the price of sho?
The funeral services for the late leather might take a drop. At tnv
Mrs. Carl Fuller of Don Luis, who died I rai Sanchez will not steal any more
at the Copper Queen hospital Thuns j hides fcr a while unless he "la par
day. will be held at the family resi , doned.
dence at three o'clock this afternoon. ,
Bishop Miles Merrill will officiate, j BEEN TRANSFERRED
Interment will be had at the Ever j Dr Tcnimy watkins." wSo enlistee
sirtutciuciirij. oueiraira.uuBu.uun,, ,i,e mc.j.ni service 0r the Unite''
and five children, the oldeBt a girl oi
eleven years anl the jungest a baby
... A -.IJ
lew ua;a uiu.
NEED MEN.
The United States navy is in need
o m?n. in iiie carpenters' section 01
the aviation corps, according to re
cruiting officer Saladino. Men from
tie age of 21 to 35 can be enlisted.
They are also in need of men in the
1 os,-;taV corps from the aces of IS to
25. These men will be sent at once
tti the recruiting station at El Paso
and will not b? held here on the
waiting, list.
WAS OPERATED ON.
Mr. V". G. Meigren, wife of Captain
Melgren. who is now in France witli
l'ncle Sam's forces, was operafed oi
Friday afternoon at the f'opper Queen
r I lu.-.f uiic tilI'll a i i lie w.ri
Hosp.t.l .'r an attack of anpendlcitis
She was reported .ast evening as doi..
exce-dlnglv well aud wl,l soon be ab!r
to be about again. Her home is ir
TouiLstone
SUNDAY SESSIONS AT Y.
The Key. Mr. Compton. minister of
the, Baptist church, .will speak at the
Msti's Sunday Club today at 4 : :10. Pre
reding the address a rousing song ser
vice will be held.-and ooiue spec:.!!
nrjaiial numbers will be rendered. Fo.
lowing this uieetinR the Fellowhhl
Dible Study Club -jill couvcue iu lL-
Loune Room and will be led by R. C .
the well known Seolch ikj
p;lot. current Events Club follows
it st en o'clock. The men of the D:s-, them? If you do notify any of the
Uict are extended a cordial invitation i peace officers and give hem the in
to any and all of these Sunday gathe- : formation. "The Finished Mysterv''
ings at the Y. j tas been branded by government offl-
cial? as propaganda and evry copy
RECOVERED DAMAGES.
In the case of Ramon Rodriguez vs.
R. U Livingston for damages, which
was tried in the superior court at
Tombstone, iudzment was given to
the plaintiff in the sum o $1000. 1
While in the employment ol tne ae- a
fendant Rodrignei lost a finger. He
brought suit for $5000 but the jury
awarded him $1000.
WAS PARDONED.
O. S. French, who was recently con
victeJ in Tombstone, of having broken
nj8 parole by selling intoxicating liq
uoia. and who has served about a
month of a two year sentence, was ye
terda pardoned from the county jail j
at Tombstone ana returned to this city
w here he will again take charge of his j
busin.:ss on upper Main Street.
MOVED OFFICES.
Clon T. Knapp, the attorney, has
movd his offices from the Shattuck
builiiu in Brewny Gulch, to the new
Sparks-KliBe building, opposite the de
pot, which has just been compietea
He aas tne front tier of offices in the
seconl story. The new building U
quite .n addition Ao the appearance ct
O. K. Street and Railroad avenue.
FROM BENSON.
B. Maier, the I'enson merchant, war j
in the city yesterday on a business trip :
He reports that city as being qujie .
lively and that there is considerable i
auto travel through there now over ,
the Benson cutoff to Tucson. He also
utates that the farmers in that locality i
tralns UD lne Srao.es oui oi inai city t
" ""j".
" j
WILL BE BURIED HERE. I
The body of the late Serine Ver
cellino, who was accidenatlly killed in
the coal mines at Rock Springs, !
Wvommir. about a week aco. w ill b2 '
brought here for burial and should ai i
rive here this morning or tonight,
Funeral arrangem?nts will be made 1
later The deceased has two brother:. :
liwn- here, John and Joe. Joe left
here uron receipt ol the word of hit j
hrnthra rieath anH ia ftrmmnanvfne i
the body here.
MUST JOIN ARMY.
T S- .J I U
hre a few weeks ago with a quantity;
of whiskey n his car. on Cowan Ridge,
near Lowell yesterday entered a plea ;
r 1 . r.'l !,iln Sn Francisco. He tried to get
was sentenced to a fine of $100 and :
two years at hard labor. The sent-.
ence was suspended upon the promise
that he would enlist in the army bj !
the first of April. If he does not do
so, he will have to serve out his sent
encs.
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT. .
In the superior court at Tombstone
yesterday loy fcmiih of Nogales, win.
was tr.J a5 :.
et a lead of whiskey
through for the recent catt!?men's
convention in Nogales but was step
Ped at Douglas by Dspaty Bowden
vn a suspended sentence o.
two -years if he would join th- arni
by April tirst. E. ,E. Erown was
given a four months sentence and oi
dered to pay a Lne of ?25 for scllin
whiskey. Ernest McDaniels win
plead guilty to horse stealing wat
?n lrom one to five years,
' '
I THROUGH WITH BOOZE.
Deputy Sheriff Percy Powlen an
his "Yellow Peril" were through the
city yesterday on their way to Tomb
stone. The peril was full but Percy ;
was not. The peril had thirty-five
cases of whiskey that had been cap-
leggers in the vicinity of Douglas.
Percy was on his way back to Doug
las about five o'clock. He was ac
companied by two Douglas citizens
who have been serving on the jury in
Tombstone, who were excused
unti;
I Mcnday.
GIVEN STIFF SENTENCE.
j St-tes ?rmv several months ago and
h. h '.,, . ,h kk r
...W.MVUUII
, the 3Sth infantry that is stationed at
I Lowell, yesterday ree-eived orders ta
rnnrt ot o ntn ....";
j of ,,ags Texas The doctor!
has been a resident of the district for
a number of years and has made.!
many friends who regret to see bimi
leave this section but are glad that '
he Is doing his bit for his country. He)
left on the Golden State Limited ves-l
terday.
SENT TO TOMBSTONE.
Miguel Castro, a Mexican youth of
six'een years of age, who has been th?
leader of a number of other boys of a
younger age of the same nationality,
and who have be?n stealing brass and
crpper wire from all parts of town and
. . ..,,. r . i ... 1
'fu w"rkl of t!'P "',ninB comH
n''8' was takPn " Tombstone yester-
"c " D n-ar:ng;
h"f?re ,,,e Juvenile branch of the su
Iperlor court. About forty pounds of'.K. M Ruse was an outgoing passenger
ne riiDie was louna In Ills posses
sion when b" was caught by watchman
of the Copper Queen company.
NOTIFY THE OFFICERS.
Have you a copy of "The Finished
Mystery" in your home? lf you have,
take it to the city hall, sheriff's of
fice, justice of the peace offic- or
tic Uep'jr'ineiit of .iustice office. It
is pro Gemma propaganda. Do you
know anyone who owns a copy or
anyone who is attempting to circulate
Uias been ordered confiscated and de-
stroyed.
VR TES OF ARIZONA.
1
Secretary Tom Egan of the Warre:
District rommercial Club has receive!
lewr irom i-Teaeric Bimpicn. inier-
ican consul at Guaymas, Mexico, i;
which Simpich states that be has wrU
ten an Ari-.ona story which will appev
in an early number of the Red Hook.
He is preparing an article ior anotne-i
eastern magazine. "Motoring Through J r. Melssa'-s was an east bound pas
Arizona." A number of photograph j sender yesterday morning for St.
swill be i-sed to illustrate this article I Louis.
some of which have been furnished hi I
the f Commercial Club. Simpich wai ! inhn Pnu-en has returned fro;n Los
formerly station-id at Cananea and a- I
Doug.as nd has hosts of friends il I
the 'Varren Dist -?ct.
ON BUSINESS TRIP.
Miss Elsie Toles, county schoo!
superintendent, was in the city yester
day from her headquarters in Tomb
t-tone to confer with Dr. Hunt, the
rountv physician in regard to the or
der that has recently been issued re
quiring all of the school children in
quiring all of the school children in
t'-e Btate to be vaccinated. She was i
j conferring with him as to what sfpt I
ia.culd be taken to vaccinate the cliil J
idten in the outlying districts when,
it ere are Ho physicians to attend to
tp order. 'It is probable that phy-
sicians adjacent to the districts will
ie Bent to fhe school houses on cer
tam dates and administer the neces
sary serum.,
WERE INJURED.
Gilbert Dalgleish, son of David Dal-
Kleish and wite of Lowell, and Miss
HIWa Matteen wtre injured yesterday
lnorning by ail aut0 iu w hich they
wera going to Douglas overturning.
xney were on meir way to jjoubiiir
with others in a Ford car to attend the
ball tame between the Plsoee and the
Douglas grammar schools and had
reached a point several niiies out,
when a front fire blew oh-, and the
car was upset. Miss Mattson was bnd-
ly bruised about the head and ankles
and was unconscious w hen picked up
but regained consciousness before she
reached the hospital. Ulinen
was
somewhat bruised and had
one toe
badly cut.
.
PASSED SEVERAL CHECKS.
It rfovelor.e-1 vesfr-lav that W. P.
p .
V.eller, alias Karl Larkms. passeu
Ifcveral checks in the district while
, kj 8everaJ, f tne,i;
iiavonlans. They
fc , ,
Mr. Poppen of the Copper Queen hotel
to cash one but there was nothing do
iag. Tr.os-i who had checks passed
i them are requeued -to report tnem
to the sheriff's office on Monday sc
j tnai a cnec-K can oe mace oi nis oper
I rtions in the district Additional com
plaints will be UN against him. It j
.is cxp:ctea tnai ui.icer Kemp tm win
v here he was arrested by Sheriff
Slaughter upon request of tlis sber-i
i i's office here.
California on a visit to relatives.
I TB,AL POSTPONED. j
Dr. C. W. Hunt has returned from j Mrs. Mary Hage left yesterday for
FIIti Cy v.h're M went to do pr? ! Sawtelle. California, where she will
sent at the rial of his brothers Jacj visit with relatives for a few weeks.
' rrd Joserh, who are charged with the ' '
'killing of a rancher naniel Chester! 3. C. Glenn of Cananea is in the city
"9rlell in the vicinity of Clovrdale. I for a few days on a business trip and
N. M-. just across the Arizona line j is registered at the Copper Queen ho
j i ite case was postponed until next tel- '
i Wetiaesdav on account of tl.-e dift'i- j
culty of the court in securing juror?. ; S'eve F. Keaego and wifo left yts-
to try the Parks brothers, inane:-
?nri John, who an accussed of tne
murder of J. E. Schrimsher, the dep
uty sherif : of Hachita, N. M a few
months ago. Dr. Hunt will return to
Silver City next Tuesday to be pre?
Tat when the case Is trlid. From thc!cisco where she expects to remain for
' evidence gained at the time of the
I alleged killing, there is but little
doubt that thi boys will be acquitted
cn the grounds of self defense ns they
; were fired at twice before they re-
turned the iifi of Bnrtell.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses,
vcre issued out or the clerk's office
duinrg the past week: Walter Jost te
ved Francis Santana, loth of Bisbee.
AJben L. Bailey to wed Alta E. Slu'
ray, both of Douglas; H. E. Osbornt
of Lowell to wed Irene McClure or
S4n Antonio. Texas; Francisca Lar
to wed Librada Duarte, both of Bisbee,
Grego.-ia Valer.zuela to wed Garcill;.
Navafo, both of Bisbee; Dick Fart j
well 'o wed Doris Manchester, both .-l !
Douglas; Philip Golwick to wed Mauc. I
Beat, both of Douglas; Alfred Alle
to wed Alva Rasco, both of Loweli, j
Joe Gherna to wed Loretta Othoa, boh
of Do-iglas; William Mosher to wutl
Ploannia White, both of Douglas; Rob I
ert F. Walsh to wed Ella Weist, bot'i!
of Douglas; John J. Gannon to we
Rub' .McCreary, both ot Douglas;
I Fritz O. Syal to wed Ruth Gray, both
. , , .
of Douglas; Joaquin Ramirez te we
Guadalupe Rivera. Uith of Bisbee;
, Ross I. Canfield of San Francisco t
wed KveI'n F- Chamberlain, of Fcld-
Personal Items
Sam Johnson, St. David rancher,
in the city.
is,
J. W. Williams of Phoenix is in th.:
city no a short business trip.
Hoy Cripe left yesterday for Ocean
Park on a short vacation. I
W. O. Jennings left yesttrd.ty
Pesrce, on a business trip.
for
yesterday for I'earc.
Krin I'earce left yesterday tuorning
ror Golden, Colorado.
(V F. Hecks of Ilouglas. was in this
city yesterday on a short visit.
John Twomey. wife and Mrs. Two-1
mev's mother. Mrs Qulnn Hau'.pbten,'
spent yesterday in Douglas on a visit
to friends.
T. E. Taylor has gone to Los An
geles for a few weelo.
Marion Gricr has left for i'li.ton,
whsre she will visit w:th friends.
T. C. IIMfern has returned from,
Tombstone, where he ei en business.
Mrs. B. Hagus left last night on the
C;lJen Stuto Limited for Los Ange
; les.
J. E. Fisher left last evening for
Colorado Springs on a short business
trip.
Angeles, where he was visiting his
wife
Martin Biebel was a west bound
rassenger yesterday Tor Sluckton, Ca
lifornia. William Peat of La Madera. New
Mexico, is a guest at the Copper
Queen.
Ralnh AnDleby. who claims Phoe.iix
as his home is a business visitor to
the city.
r. Cramer has returned to his
home in Douglas after spending a "ew
days here.
L. G. Gaines, of El Paso, a commer
cial man is registered at the Copper
Queen 'hotel.
Miss Dora Grubel left Thursday
morning !or Baltimore, where she will
visit relatives.
Mrs. G. A. McKenney and Mrs. Thil
Cary have gons to Los Angeles, where
they will remain.
Miss Cera Gundry war. a. visitor la
Tonbstcae yes'crday and reiurned
late last evening.
S. I. Alard has goe to Los Ange
les. wh"Te he wi'I remain for a short
time on a visit to friends.
Frank Bledsoe has gen; to Los Aii-
j seles on busfu-ss connected with tta
j iirm of Hood Ble Jsoe.
-. a i :ooiii.iiSn
, jrmciuoj iw urau ran, iicic ur
will visit with friends.
Lucile E. Garden left yesterday for
Baltimore, Maryland, where she will
visit for several weeks.
J. Marshall was an outgoing passen
ger last evening for El Paso where he
will remain for a few days.
Mr and Mis. Willipm 'Fa!is of Mo
desto, California, are visiting Mrs.
stewart Hunt of Clawron Hill.
Miss Lucile Cramer left last evening
for Long Beach. California, where she
will spend the summer months.
Eva E. Bush left last night on the
Golden State Limited for Riverside,
" v.t.mr noyiua, ivm, lc
they wiil
visit relatives . for a few-
weeks.
Mrs. Phil Carkie left last night on
the Golden State Limited for San Fran-
solue time.
Mildred Brown left this morning on
the Golden State Limited for Hatts
burg. Mississippi, where she will visit
with relatives.
J?mes L. McDonald, son of D. C.
McDonald, left yesterday on the
Golden State Limited for El Paso to
join the navy.
Mr. C. F. Mendenhall left Friday
600
FRFF
i . MCDIP A 9 SUBLIME, SUPREME,
AiVlClilUA PROCESSIONAL
rain or o nrnrnns
SHINE
SBEE
aturday
nlj - ht for D owlas, from hith pla. o
N will accompany his s N.er to bl
raso. where a.ie will be optra tej on.
Mrs. M. Deskin left this morning on
the Golden State Limited for Hutcnin
son, Kansas, where she will remain
for a few weeks on a visit to her par
ents. A. F Fisher'ind wife and S. D. Cra
mer and wife, all of Tucson. ari spend-
ing a few days in the Warren District
and are registered at the Copper i
Queen hotel. j
finnm IPPIIlTI TO
UllLlLn IwOULU iU
STRICTLY ENFORCE !
' EXPLOSIVE SALE
A. C Kargif, County Licens -
' i
inn OffI-r Rprivc Flirt Vi .!
s ' 1
r Insfriirtinn ReoarcJinr
er msi.ruci.iUJ. lxc&alul- - i
the Sale.
A. C. Karcer. explosives licensing,
officer for Cochise county, has re
ceived instnic ir.ns from Elward L
Shaw, the United States inspector,
that t!ie explosives regulations mus.
hereafter be more rigidly enforced,
and the outmost vinUance exercised
in watthiug sales of materials iron:
wiich
tired.
explosives can be manurac-1
Kne'iiv eliens are said to t
making exi'losives in this country ' B. P. O. Elks No. 8.1, on April 9. In
lrom a number of different material -.; addition the Bills will stage an even
unused hithrrto fi - such purposes. I j ing of entertainment and will conclude
is possible that even starch and suca. ; their celeliration with a big turke
n uy crir- under the license rest ric ! dinner. Officers to be installed follow
tiens as it has been found that ever. James Allison, exalted ruler; E. B.
lese n-e hfir.g used in t!ie manufac Mathews, esteemed leading knight; 11.
ture of explosives for bombs. Mat uri 1 Fenner, esteemed loyal knight; J.
aU from which different kin-Is o. al. esteemed lecturing knight,
paints ar made also are being exten 1 R: J- Kelly, secretary ; G. A. Graves,
sivelv used ! treasurer; Ed King, tyler; R. E. War-
Mr. Karucr received a lengthy lis J per. delgat e to the grand lodge at Al
of articles which druggists and othe: 'antic J: . b Bear. alternate
dealers henceforth will be foruidder ' deiege to the grand lodge,
to sell without first obtaining a li j
' 'nse. Anions these are the follow ; INDIANS BEATEN.
ing:
Jj'chromates
-Arnoni; in, potassium.
sodium.
Chlorates Baiiuni, potassiu'ii, so
dium, stronium.
Chromates Amonium, barium, cal-
rium, cprnme erf t-n, i nrii:i:e veiiow
iead. DOtassium. sodium.
Nittales -mcainni. bariaum, cop
per ferric lead, magnesium, nicke!
potassium, silver, stronium.
Nitroglycerine except In V. S. P.
solution or In the form of pills oi
granules containing not more than
rue-fifth o.' a grain.
Nitiic acids, aqua fortis and mixei'
Hcids.
l'erbciate- Magnesium, sodium an'
rinc.
1'erc'dc.ra'es Perchloric acid, po
ttassium.
Pernangaaates Calcium, sodium
r.otassimj.
Psro.:i.ie Rarium.-. cakium, mag
nesium, oxone. cubis aad cartridge
uf same, sodium, stronium and zinc.
Phosphorus Picric ac'd aid m:i':
nite also are under the ban. .
FERRY TO LECTURE
HERE OH MARCH 23
, The Y. .M. C. . is glad to announc
that arrangements have finally beei
made for the coming of Dr. Frederic'"
Perry of New York City, who will In
in the Warren D strict next ThunJ.iv
and will give his lecture on the win
situu.ion. at eight o'clock in the even
ing at th3 Association buidling.
j! I'errv has onlv recently returner.
from the front line trenches at Franc.
having ben in the army service of the
Y. M. C. A. since the sailing of Gener
al Pershing several months ago. Sec
retary Richardson heard Dr. Perry ir
El.I'jso several weeks ape. and i:
very anxious that the men cf the dis
trict have an opportunity to hear him
The lecture afc the Y. M. C. A. will !.
for neii only, but arrangements hav.
been -uAde with .he Y. M. C. A. for r
spi-cKl I'.i.'eiir.g o women only, to hi
ht0. at t.ne Y. V. C A. buitding on tlv.
at'LtT'i'-cti !' Thursday at three o'clock
TWO MIUEC
- PEOPLE - - 600
PAE5F.NT1NG AI L NATIONS
3-HFRDS FLKPH A.NTS J
SPLENDID MENAGERIE
4;s HORSKS 5 '.
J RAILROAD TRAINS J
11-ACRtS OF TFNTS II
10.000 SF.ATS 10.000
1,001 WON DS RS 1,001
1 LIMIIIH.I i.
STUPENDOUS
SPECTACLE
i RTpfp p.a,'lt
DOORS OPEN 1
4
VISITING ELKS OF
SAC HILL PRESENT
LODGE WITH SCARF
Next Reguhr Inez's Fea
tures Installation c; Officers
and Irit'alon; Celebration
, I
rlanned. . i
j
Visiting members of the Elks , lodge
Queen Mining company in the work
on Sacramento Hill, have presented
the local lodge with one of the nios:
beautiful and ornamental alter flags
or scarfs ever seen in the district. The
nag is from the h
in PhiladelDhia. rn
lome of Betsy Ross,
nd was received dur-
inir the nast week. It is now on d;
;s
pUy in the lodge rooms where it has
attracted much attention. It measures
five by BeVen feet,
Those who donated the scarf were:
I Frank J. Snell, Silver City; Isaac
! Brassington, Tonopah; Al Harvey. Sil
1 ver City; Charles S. Joynt, Silver City:
J. A. La Rose, Tonopah; Fred Clark,
Silver City; E. D. Rountree. Silver
Citv: Frank Shoemaker. Tonopah; L.
E. ilaugg. Canyon City; Thomas Cham
bers. Florence, Colorado; Robert M
Connell. Silver City; Norman Pronger
Silver City.
Installation of officers for the cui-
rent year ami jnuiation win oe iear
! ures of the next regular meeting of
XFW ORLEANS. La.. March 23.
Exhibition baseball.
. H. E.
.2 6 1
.18 1
Kltchin.
New Orleans (Southern) .. .
Cl?ve!aad I American)
Eleven innings.
Johnson, Hordes and
Crnibe, Eazmcnn and O'Neill.
Big Smoker Friday, March 23d
Opening Star A.
Including SoJos by our Lsading Vocalist Music by
HALES' ORCHESTRA
BRING YOUR MEMBERSHIP CARD
Memberships may be had at Twomey's Tmany Hall,
Wallace Cigar Store, Miller's Shirt and Hat Shop or
from members.
BASEBALL Warren Park
C & A. vs. 17th CAVALRY OF DOUGLAS
GAME CALLED AT 2:30
ADMISSION 30 CENTS INCLUDING WAR TAX
Y. W. C. A. CAFETERIA
OPEN TO THE PUBLIC
Prices Reasonable
Breakfast 6:50 to 8:30
Lunch 11:30 tu 1:30
Dinner 5:00 to 6:30
JOHN G. WILSON
Contractor & Builder
Estimates furnished on alt classes
of Buildings.
SEE ME LAST
P"-.one Green 732.
1
EAGLE HALL
EVERY
WEDNESDAY AND
SATURDAY
EVENING
8:30
(F. O. E. 175)
SHAW'S ORCHESTRA
V -
TEXAS FARMER HAD
SUFFERED 21 YEARS
,.1Hive,lu7Foi;ndW
thing. That Has Put an End
to My Troubles," He Says.
"For twenty-one years I suffered
wjtn catarrh of the stomach and after
tryins? neaily every medicine I knew
of without getting relief I have at last
j Bomethl ihat has put ,n end
to my troubles nnd feel that I ought
to tell what it is," said E. L. Hare, a
well known farmer of Vernon, Texas
in relating the other day the story of
his recent recovery through the use o
Tanlac, to T. M. Ferguson, the well
known druggist of that place.
1 had no appetite and the little I
forced down formed gas that swelled
me up till I was miserable Eight and
day. At times I would get so nauseat-
ed th't I could hardly retain a thin
on my stomach and I was so nervous
I slept but little and got hardly any
rest, .hough I had to lie in bed a good
deal on account of weakness.
"I h.ard so much about Tanlac I dv
cided to give it a trial. After I had
taken a bottle or so I felt so much bet
ter that t Kept it up tin now my appe
tite has returned and I can eat any
thing . want wit nout any trouble. Mv
digestion is all right, my nerves are
quiet and I sleep like a log. I have re
gained my strength so 1 can work
about my place and I feel bettar in ev
ery way than I have in years. Tanlac
certainly fixed me up in fine shape an l
I will gladly recommend Tanlac to
people whh troubles like I had."
Tanlac Is sold in Bisbee by J. M.
Ball, in Douglas by Douglas Drug Co.,
in Paradise by G. A. Walker, In Bowie
by Bowie Drug Store, in San Simon b7
J. B. Cooke, in Willcox by A. A. Nichol
son, in Lowell by Lowell Drug Co., in
Benson by C. F. Moss They., and in
Gleeson by B. A. Taylor. Adv.
PIRATES ON TOP.
F!v Krvicw Lutl Wirn
J.ACKSUN'VILLE, Ha.. March Ti.
Exhibition baseball.
R. H. E.
Pittsburgh l.Nationals 1
Philadelphia (Americans) .. ..47 1
CoipcT, Harmon. Steel-. Hauiilton
and Shaw. Faaey, Adams. Watson
rnd Perkins, McAvoy.
C. Club
UNDEFEATED DIXIE
vs.
L. A. Champion Webber
i :
WALTER FREEMAN
BATVKUDY
4 Rounds
YOUNG DALLAS
vs.
JOHNNY HUGHES
125 !bs.
KID CULVER
VS.
LEFTY CLAY
4 Rounds.
r.tvHl ta-te for tne face in snl
l!a:s for Sprinc:. Huts with al
tho styl of the best m.ikers, bu
wi'h our Ubel inside ir.steail o.
theirs., and that's hy you don't
have to pity a "fancy price" for
iirm. $:l to $:t.5t fur nual'ty tliat
will ktand the test of tjm lonust
var. lon't be fr.ni'i to tike
plenty of time here in iryinu; them
in, be aMse e'fe glad to have you
Jo i:. whether you buy or not.
JOE OICKSTEIN
Wen's Furnishings
Main St. Next to Bisbee Review
;
"i EIGHT
THE BISEEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MARCH 24, 1918.
TODAY
i
MATINEE AND CONTINUOUS, 1 TO 11
I.5E1RC PRESENTS EVERYBODY'S FAVORITE
a
I infill Lb
5J
trr
u ti rt !ry
a u n
V
IN THE
THIir.ILiJivG G-ACT
MERTO
WCNDER?LAY
' CF ROMANCE'
as
TODAY I
If till U- I
'8
TODAY
ah'J Monday
F A-GT I
V
I
PrTr2
ICS
s
ATBE
CONTINUOUS 1 TO U
TODAY
ar.d Monday
rp
3
ARTCfiAFT PRESENTS
3
o I If3
LJU'
LATEST PLAY IN
WHICH HE SURPASSES
ALL HIS PREVIOUS
PRESENTATIONS
f
I i
10
S
him
From tl.e Story, "LOVE ME AND MYSELF ALONE," By Francis Peny Elliott
A THRILLING PLAY OF LOVE, ROMANCE AND ADVENTURE. ,
S fe ll mmm
MUSIC BY ORCHESTRA
ADMISSION 15c AND 25c
5c AND 25c I
III J i- , w 1
if SrvtliJ Wallace Peid P.,r .
-IN-
''I
ion
rT H a
An adaptation of the popular novel by Frank H. Spear
man that appeared in Everybody's Magazine.
As will be remembered by thc3e who have read thestory
OKPIitl
CONTCn'UOUS, 1 TO 11
This Is One of the Most Vivid and Thrilling of Modern
Western Dramas An Artcraft Play, and We Do Not
Hesitate to Pronounce It SOME PICTURE
CONTINUOUS, 1 TO II
The Story That Never Grows Old
..The age-old tale of the Fijiry who conquered the Titan, the David against the Goliath
this is the story which WILLIAM FOX has placed upon the screen in
Special FOX kiJdie wcnder-picture with 3,009 children and a giant, eight feet, six
inchf s for children from 5 to SO years. A magnificent fairy-tale photoplay in
ten recta.
LOWER FLOOR 10 CENTS
ADMISSION MATINEE 15 CENTS NIGHT 15 AND 25 CENTS
ni
EAGLE ffi
T1EAT
FIVE DAYS Commencing TUESDAY
8 EAGLE TUESDAY, WEDNESDAY, THURSDAY
CENTRAL FRIDAY AND SATURDAY
The Greatest Alaskan Photoplay of the Day
AH ABAPTICN OF
i
r
I
1
?r V T t-. IT
2 W p "
M N A B Ealcony i 5c
A A jl i A Ik il i JU- R-sfred serts 20c
1,
i
, i
7" r' IV-T'-I-p'T- O f
WIIAIa A. BP.ADY PRESENTS
ETHEL' CLAYTON in "Stolen Hours"
e !M FI";t: PAE.TS.
STO.Y BY OLiVE WACSLZY U . 1CTED EY TR AVERS VALE. ,
T.'Lr.t v. : -,!J a r!r! !I :e tl:!z i'o nhen sve foil itpwl o r hc l3 in lnv? Siie is the daughter of a professional
rsm''tT, Kc.cr iliei vwien she va; a baby, bhc f '.LCtt her lather in a nuiuhcr of shady escapes and
yet she is purr, Fvicci, p:u;iful and unu:lied. S'e t::? turc tnd ::re v:'sr.t she did when love gripped her.
FA3A.';XG-.-Hr4-rACX StXiZTT COMEDY '
"ARE WAITRESSES SAFE"
W h Lcuire Farenda, Ecn Turpin ad Susimerville. In Two Parts.
BARRIER" " ,
BEACH A;
4&0Wim. vEli J, btLZIHICK
IN EIGHT ACTS
A number of phoScp-s have claimed the distinction of
equalling REX BEACH'S clher phy, 'The Spoilers
City Briefs
11". snvone visited yo:i? Or
bav yru e' terrr.ined? If so. ca'I
the Revw ar:?r 6 p- m. and tell
the Society Kriimr. Phcr.e T.9.
c?ttie in tliat locality are besinninei
to pick p and ti;at the grass and I
v. e?ds are heeimiing to com? up in ;
te fo.M hills, and that the cattle are
lindir.e plenty of feed to carry them j
thrctish.
CN COURT BUSINESS.
Attorney Sam Kyi'; and Itod McIV-n-:i!d
were v. To' itstcn : yesterday on
business before the nuprri'ir tour..
Lo'h of t!io;n had ilior:'e acti-ms be
fore Jujire l;.ixter.
SCN DIES.
The yoi-ae FOTi of Mr. and Mrs.
nebf-rt Dr( mberR of Johnson addition,
died ye.-.tcijny af'emrmn knd will be
burled on .Vendnv ar'ernr):i at l:3'l
frcm th" Piiiare I'nficTtakiiiK parlors.
VISITING FRIENDS.
Mis3 K'ta Saii'lers. clerk in the of
fice of C'dinty Treasurer Hjrry K:ks
at Tombstone and her sister. Miss
Minnie, are in th: city to remain over
Puniy cn a visi: to trirn'Is
SPCN'D'NT. SUNDAY HOWE.
The V'aven distrl''. t-int!n:'eit of
trif l jjnrs rt te s pr'nr rovrt in
Ton lis(f 'i re'vrn d heme last eve
ning and v'.V, sr :i-' Fnr.d.:y oi a vis''
to thcir fi:HK h-re. They -will re
turn lor d.i'y en Monday nrrninc.
IN FROM RANCH.
Tcm W-i'che-d '.it in t- thy for a
fev,- d;iys V tm hit r:'inh in the vi'dn
iy of Whitewater. He slates thai
WETE IN TOMBSTONE.
f'(,nsi?h!e Joe Hodges and Riily
Wfods w? in Tombstone yesterday
r.fternoon on a short trip. They took
ovrr a M-xicaa who had been held
tr) await the a clion of the superior
our; i n a i'.iirpe of burglary.
HAS EEEN LOCATED. j
forrxirpl 1. Isartf y. who was . re-Iort-?d
missinp on the loet Tuscania '
has been he-Jrd from in France. He!
was not on the illfated ship. Hii!
sister. Mrs. Shiller, yesterday rer ?ive 1
a card from l.im stating that he was;
safe ca th? otiier sile.
county. He bad a case in the super
ior court at Tombstone which he won.
and he was also Instrumental in brin
ine to a settlement the road contro
versy between the board of supervis
ors end the state engineer so that
:'he road work between here and
Tombstone was resumed.
CUT "THE BARRIER" IS UNDOUBTEDLY T"i!E ONLY RIVAL IF NOT THE SUPERIOR CF THE SPOILERS'
IS IN CITY.
John Hands, who Is the owner of
considerable min'np and ranch prop
erty in the Chiricahua mountains, fs
in the city for a few days on a busi
ness trio. He states that thi Hill
To- mine is rapidly becoming a hire
producer. He lias claims adjoining
that property.
special l:usic
ADMISSION : Matinac 15c and 25c; Night 15c and 35c
inductions u:ider pfnerrj niders will
dose on April l::h. arctrdinK to of
ficial orders received today, and after
that date ?ny mPn'iiesiriiiT to ei:t r
any speci:il brpnch of the s"rvice will
not be allowed to do so. Special in
ductions under special calls were dis
continued about a v e k r";.
AFTER MORE JURORS.
TVputy en'ffs fled Oannon and ;
Vi!!i-m I'.rakfieid have been busy dur-i
ins thi p'isf few d-,vs in round'pa up
a ni'Tiber of the citizens of the War-j
ren district to srve them with a lit-:
t'e stin cf arrr vhlcli sta'es that they
are wanted In Tombstone on next
Monday morning at nin? o'clock .tc
r.erve as trial Jurors.5 About fifteen of
them wen located out of 30 names
"that were sent over.
FROM GLEASON.
K-m Campbell, who was a resident
of the Warren district several years
aio, but for the past five years of
Clleascn. wps in the city yesterday on
a short business trio and renewing
vld aoqimintancis. He states that
Gleason is quite lively at tiie present
time and that the Shannon company
Is shippiaa considerable ore to the
Clil ton smelters.
Business Locals
el Verde Kxten-lon Mining Company
has this d.iy deciarvil a q-iarterly divi
dend "f fifty cuts per share and ai
eMra oividtnd o: twenty-five cents per
sh:ir- on the out :tandinc; capital stoe.
payniiie May 1st. If IS. to stockholders
of record a' the dose of business April
:'.th. 111 S. Stock transfer books will
"nit 1'iose.
C. I'. SAN1S. Treasurer.
Adv. 1."j"
brother Arnold. Funeral at 1:30.
H II. TAYLOK, Noble Grand.
Adv. 413
na Orange Association, Thoenix. Ari
zona. Adv. 72
Thone 45 or T.rfl for prices on paint-1
DR. EDWARD COLMAN
Chiropractor and Osteopath.
ins and paper hani:inr. New goods vousness and rhe-imatisni a specialty,
now here Guarantee Taint Co. Office Johnson Block, opposite Johr-
. Adv. 2S0 1 son Addition car stop. AdT. 339
UNDER NEW MANAGEMENT
The Ozark boarding and rooming
house, "1 Brewery Gulch. Adv. Ill
SACK TO PHOENIX. i
Ij. C. Whi'nev. former cily attoniey. '
pn-l ? f"scn Ve leiral mealier of j
ti ifite in-ti:tMicris con:m"'sion. r.-
'liiiel to his licmo in Pho-mix last!
'fnir.T c?i t'le (Jolden State I.indted 1
aiter sjiendins several days in the'
BOXES READY.
The locrl order of the R d Cross
has received word from Tombstone
thflt the brancn thore hd four bnfes
of supplies ready to send over within
the nov) rtpv or so In the boxes are
COM) handaees which the ladies of
Tombstone have made in the past few
weeks.
BALTIMORE O'L CO. STOCKHOLD
ERS ATTENTION
Thie will be an Important metinc
of the stockholders of t!e Malrimore
Oil Co. held at the office of I. J. Ov-,
erlock. brokers. Wednesday. March 27
nt 7:30 p. m. It is to your interest o
be th-ore. Adv. IS I
THE MOOSE HOTEL
is now open for business. Would be
ple-isoil to have all patrons return
Those who are indebted ple;ife call
and nuke an early settlement and
oblige Mis. Jennie Wright
Adv. 46
INHUCTIONS TO CEASE.
Tie b'cr.l brard of Cochise rrnntv
today announced that all individual
WHITE P.IECON EEER
I .ist received nnothcr enr of White .
. !'.ilh. n beer. I'Ishee Tr.if.rfer Stor
S. C-Ml Co. I": ne f10. Adv.- l''-;
UNITED VERDE EXTENSION MlN
j ING COMPANY
1 Dividend No. 8 and Extra.
' 233 '"roadway, S'ew York. March 12tl,
i " 131S.
The Hoard of Directors of the L'nit-,
L. I.. (;ilman sells the New Edison.
he phinecrnph wi'h a soul"
Kvjn.rt r ttati-'cr ana P3lnter. 1
tr:in,1. t't.i.lie I:".- (o l.rnt R.NI'
Dr. Playfalr, Osteopath, Si Mason
Hill. Masoa car stop. 1'uone Blue K17
Adv. 231
MATERNITY HOME
t"it! I .'.jrV. r.73 for 'e: etc.
d erti.-.emr:i'
ATTENTION KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS
All members of Kathbone Lodge and
i visitiiiK brothers, are requested to
meet at I. O. O. K. hall at 1 p. m. Sun
day to attend funeral of our late broth
er. ilieo. Arnold.
LEON H.'IIICE, C. C.
Adv. 112
MADAM CAGNEY
Lifts the d:irk vf i" of the past, reads
' ihe destiny of the f -lure. Across from
theatre. Lowell Adv. C53
For noon day lunrn. go to the
Fnc'ish Kitrhen and trv one of Jbeir
35c combinations; choice of three
combinations. A1v.31"
j Reduce th high cost of living by
, bringing your shoes to our repair de
partment. Kobey's, opposite Eagle
theater. Adv. 53S
See our new wall papers. Guarantee
Paint Co. Phone 45 or 750. Adv. 280
ROCKHILL'S STAGE
Blsbee-Torabstone, Leaves Bisbee
Blsbee Auto Co., 7 &. m., 1:30 p. m. 7
Phone Blsbee 5. Adv.
DANCE
The Flks will p'.ve a d.mee on Mrc't
2f for Elks and friends bv Invitation.
Adv. 105
Send us $2.5 and we will ship
promptly direct from producer to con
sumer by express or freight as you re
quest one box containing 8 dozen of
our suprb grape fruit, a splendid ton-
NOTICE
All O.ld Fellows are requested M
meet at I. O. (). F. ball Sunday at 1
o'clock to attend the funeral of late , ic and good without sugar. The Arizo- J Garage.
NOTICE.
Any carpenters deslrlns shin work
vith the covemment -ou!d do well
bv spnlyim to seeretuT of Local
1 fi4 S. at I'nion Hall. Meetings every
Tuesdnv evening t 7 o'clock.
dv. 4..I
TOO LATE TO CLASSIFY
FOR RENT 3 room modern apt. fur
nished, close in. no bills, adults.
Phone 156. 19t
FOR SALE Ford touring car. $300.
Just been overhauled. Inquire Olson
19S to
J' MINING 2
I SECTION f
9 a
tutt
SOCIETY
.1 SECTION 8
k
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRE88
VOL.20. No. 247.
THE BISEEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MARCH 24, 1918.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
MINES, MINING, LOCAL STOCKS AND COPPER
i
s
i
I
1
'4
!
COMMISSION PUIS
CURB .ON WILDCAT
PROMOTION STUFF
Stale Body Rules Men Given
Permit to Sell Stock Must
Mining Dividends Bait for "Easy Money Getters"
v y ijr ijr ijr jr
Typical Stock Market Review Evades Issues to Attract Investors
1? ! -t - . i?- 5
Gross Exaggerations Overlook Expense Accounts
' There follows a collection of dataj Herewith la published a typical stock market review of mining "profits,":
j of dividend-paying mining companies; taken from a publication which is circulated for the purpose of getting the :
Advertise Such Permission in the t'nlted States, Canada and Mex-i dollars from the small savings of that large class of people who succumb 101
i ico. It is by no means complete, but temptation to make "easy money, and are betwtixt and between the gambler
YAVAPAI SMELTER TO
i INCREASE DIVIDENDS
: AND CURB BUILDINGS
i
!
Former Director Wins Fight
I for Larger Distribution to
Stockholders and Curtailing
of Extensions.
As Prescribed.
an endeavor Jias been made to convey and the investor.
In one article, under a single caption! The report on dividends, so far as it goes, is probably not much exag-
(Sikm-IhI to The Review
PRESCOTT. March 23. A persist
ent campaign against the grea'ly
and in the briefest possible - manner, gerated, although it is safe to assume that very point lias been made use t cherished plans of the directors of the
of to enable enlargement of the figures. - ConsoIHa ed Arizona smelting com-
Where the gross exaggeration comes , is in the entire oversight of Z'UZ
other page of the bcok the expense account through which the so-called 1 next three y?ars and a stiff fight, out-
Mich'gan has paid dividends aggregat- profits became ressible. side the courts, for larger dividend
ing $9,250,000. of which 13,200.000 was One of the highest shov.ln?s is that of Phelps Dodge, in round figures payments to mat company sioca-
some idea of the metal-mining indus
try on the North American continent.
The Ahmeek Mining company ot
Development Program
In Calumet & Arizona
Retards Mine Output
Production of Inspiration and New Cornelia Probably Will
Bring Up Total for State This Month; Pro-German Ten
dencies Overcome to Large Extent and Consequently Mines
Forces Grow. .
Marked decline in Calumet & Arizona copper production last month, and
about which there has been considerable eastern comment, was not due to
shortage of labor, nor to overturn, as has been intimated in some quarters
.but to extension of operating forces on development. The same cause ac
counts for decline noted in the output of some of the other Arizona producers
SpH-ial to The Reviews
PHOENIX, March, 23. Refusing
longer to be made the innocent tool i
to further the sale of stock or securi-'
ties of various , enterprises in Ari
zona, the state corporation commis
sion has taken drastic action to pre-
Ingenicusly v.orded advertisements outstanding 9S.048 are owned by the originated in Arizona director, have at length brought about I and characters of ores in the mines which will yield the highest returns at
l;ave been placed in the newspapers Calumet & Hecla Mining company. urgaiuzaiiuu, i-neiya uouse iwKiuuiug m Arizona, me aesirea ram.s. .mUm
ry concerns urging the sale or tneir ine AiasKa-mexican, uoia hihuhk 113 grewm nas oeert oy steps wnicn are iamiiiar to most Arizona people wno :
stock or securities, it is stated, in company
which it has been made to appear totaling
thnt tli. nflvtlolll.V ctrtflr hg th IT1- S1948 fill
dnrement of the members of the outstanding. side featured In the earnings. However, nobody at all familiar with mlniasi slcns eid for bigrer dividend distri-, time which it is not always possible to so nicely balance as to avoid retluc
corporation commission. The Alaska-Treadwell Gold Mining. In Arizona tut knows that the surface plants of the Phelps Dodge mining n e . the directors ot Qf th(j m. dlvi((ion Tni8 waa the cg3e with c & A
Bv a resolution passed by the com- company, one 01 tne most noiea com- properties in the state alone represent expenditure since the beginning or,
Ifl VL1!. ??Ztn; , fZZ 'fn3 d'ivf. ! ions ' more than $150,000 000. or more than double the amount of the
aenas. or s.2 peiBJiare on me out. f-ioncu yiuuio o dh-.i u...UE.Uo.
standing 200,000 shares of $5 par. struction at Ns.cozari, In Sonora, and at Tyrone and the coal fields in New .
The American Smelting & Refining Me3tico and over $50,000,000 mor can be added to Phelps Dodgep lant expen-. -
company nas paia ivs,i90,x9 iu uiti-; ,.
j i. nAu u 1 allures.
I? 2oS!LOOoYlH?9 ! "tated 88 m000f00- f -l.W000 000 is reported a, disbursed in 1S17. ; AF. ?S?ta.Tton2r ' take" clas8 " natural outconle forced production of those grade
I
has to its credit dividends haTe fonowed mtnnK but who have In the main lost sight of evervthing in- tl.oa wou1d ,olw M.r Cortis' cant en- exist nig operating costs, compels such selections of ores as indicated and
ttelsOMOhtSroMS par scciation with the progress of this mining organization except the bright "u" fV the Lmnte?ed eS,leads of necessity to diversions to the development division of forces and
sic ns eia inr Dixer uiviuena uihij 1-, iime waicn 11 is not always por-eioie 10 so niceiy Daiance as to
butions on the stock, the directors ot' . , . . , . . ., . . . ...
the Consolidated Arizona. Smelting i ticn of outPut from the miniD dlvi8lon" This waa the case w
stock in this state under permits is
sued by the corporation .commission,
and ell concerns that in the future
rpceived such permits and which ad
vertise such stock or securities for
'1on4a HnlHora nf tha mmmnn rnc.lr u"-u1"
sale must place at the head of the j have received $36,401,708, or WhlCnl auu 10 nun lue expruunure 01 a.uuu.uuu iue Jr, uit.n in ery cuir
advertisements a plain statement to , $1,140,576 was distributed in 1916 and servat'.ve, for a period of twelve years as annual expense in opening their
the effect that the corporation com- ?4.Zb.6fay in total aistriDuuons minegj performing underground development and expploratlon work, timber
campany have ttgreed to yield to his : last month. In the present month the equilibrium of forces ban been restored
ncunacem,ntniof U.dt'S j 10 be the U8Ua 1
the extension policy and their decis-1 price Is made for copper, however, there can be no assurance from month to
LJ makemaJieri1iVii!.?iP:; month as to what the necessities attending the mining of high grade cks
April 3.
In fact, the whole controversy baa
now been amlcablv settled and Mr. 1
Ccttls. who resigned, from the com-
j and the neglect of low prade, which cannot be mined profitably at 23Vi
cents, may bring about in decline of metal output.
Overcoming Pro-Germanism.
Among the big low grade producers of the state there will be a larger
a share . . , , , . . ... ... , pany s board last fall In order to be
that on the 609.380 shares of $100 oar out- '"6 "uu "u " free to conduct his contest toward
this end. outside the . directorate. total this month, by reason mainly or the heavier output that inspiration wt:i
was readmitted tot Jiis body at the Vllnakef and of higher output it is likely from New Cornelia. The latter ha
mission does not recommend for pur- are equivalent to nearly $51
k,o crib nr cnrnrltips nf that ! on the 609.SS0 shares of J100
.. .k,.., .jvrii,ui Binnrfin? On the 500.000 Dreferred . to be considered.
1 I ' fit. QtiVIE 11 Li.J 1 . . . I
The resolution is as follows: shares cf par outstanding the company Raitaoad Construction
-v- i r. na ohanipr IV. title 9. re- has distributed $61,796.38. of which! t nnan,nn ....ndi iti; ruin nnn
vised "statutes of Arizona. 1913. civil $3,500,000 was paid in 1917. Total pay-i , . ,,, , ,v M,, ' I It is understood that two other been "making better than 100,000 pounds of .copper most days this month at
code, prescribes the manner and form menu on the preferred exceed $123 l"v"'uc " ' F I ?w directors, posseting - practical . u an been 8hi , wlthout ,nterrpption to c. & A. smeiter
investment companies: and The American Smelters Securities In taxes it has paid over $25,000,000 more, exclusive of federal taxes. I smelting business, will llkewH
Vhereas, r.aragraph 2263 or said .comoany has distributed to holders of , In proSpectlnK ond other exploratory work, exclusive of that done on elected to the company s board, which 6DmenU between now and the end of the month, ornelia will have excellent
tliatJter' provides that every permit 116.838 of preferred A and 41.792 ' n-rtlM .hIh ,t. hj,i n.phwl nnH Te,P(.irfJi rtnra- from It has exnended now con8i8t of "e members. As j .
granted In conformity witJ. the pro- shares of preferred B stock of $100 , Properties which It has opened and received returns fiom. It has expended . mmtMr of directora wil, be output from this source of production. Inspiration, although continuing to
visions thereof shMl recite that the par $12,668,027 and $17,864,480. re- upward of $25.000.0J0. (increased at the meeting next month. ,. trom ,v- 8averal Dr,Kierman attacks directed against It for
corporation commission in no wise snectively. makin? a total of $30,532,- Without going Into further detail or expenditures, exluslve or the pay-1 it Is obvious that three of the prese-1 8uHer trom "e ever,u une 01 Proerman acKs directed aga.nsi
recommends the stock, bonds of 507. Distrbiutions on the preferred j for mining an)j for tne operating of surface mining plants, or mills and lent board members will have to with- the purpose or preventing regaining or normal forces,' has a considerabir
e!h:r.r?jli?i.bL:ned.fr.rle t ."Jr.! "..T eS iof -ene. and or costs or rreights. electrolytic treatment, powder, steel, i "V:lrw working force this onth than last and is gaining steadily, more
"' """ "-"-"' " ----- - ' ... .. . .. .. . . . . , . ,. . . . , '. IV "1 -""
"Whereas, it is possible for tne aa- B over J432 a snare. jiuci uu mi umr suinca u m mc iumiuS ui uic w """n directors will
vert'sements of investment com- The American Zinc, Lead & Smelt-jment, there is a total accounted for above of $625,000,000, EVERY DOLLAR for Mr. Cortis
rentes to be so cunningly and Ingeni- ing company has1 distributed a total nP wwirvr at the tiiwr it was spent represented an ARSrt- elates.
ousiy Phrased as to virtually nuHify of J2.331.069. On the preferred stock . ..p..,.. th rteveloiv ! The Consolidated Arfcona Smelt-. group, which is also overcoming pro-German endeavors.
the spirit ana intent oi tne anove it nas paia sjh,uu. ci wnicn , ... . . , Ing company's
retire to make room rapidly as the truth of Its situation becomes better understood. Miami will
and his two asso- have higher production than in February, and so will lie Clifton-Morenci
directorate now In-
proviso and make it appear that this was disbursed m 1916 ana tis.tu in mem aim me yiauis erecicu uiiin ne uxnnu, jusiiijiiiT ux. i I eludes: C. A. Kittle, oresident- E. & '
commission recommends the sale oi 1917. This is equivalent to 8.55 a taxes and paying back the Investment, and they might not. i Hooler and P. A. Dillingham. vice-
Many Risks Taken ! presidents; P. W. Thompson, secre-. tteadily accumulating that It is" making near ore bodies which will put it in
It remained to be seen when half a million or a million dollars was appro-
itr. stock; and share on the 96,660 shares or $25 parj
"Whereas, in the Interest of the outstanding. On the 193,120 shares i
.,..!; n-olfim n-A hpliovp thnt advpr- nf common stock of J25 nar OUtstand I
tis-ments capable of such misinter- ine the company has distributed $1.- priated for a new division or development on a new level whether the money
pretation or misconception sjiould be 495.060, or -which. $386,240 was paid would be lost or whether Its expenditure would Increase the value of the
prohibited: therefore be it last year. Dividends on tne common mjng.g a8Sets in ore as much, or five times or ten times over the amount
Developing Rich New Area.
As the most advanced developing property in the state, with evidences
"Resclved, that, effective at once, stock to date are equivalent to $7.74 a
nil investment -oniDanies now operat- share.
iv under permits heretofore granted The Anaconda Conner company paid
and all companies hereafter given $19,815,625 in 1917. brineing total dis-
permits shall carry in bold type as trtHitions up to $137,707,500, equlva-
the first paragraph of every adver- lenTto more than $59 a share,
tisemnt published In the newspapers The Arizona Commercial Mining
or other periodicals or printed or comDanv became a dividend-payer in
writfcp. and circulated in any manner 1916. when it distributed $132,500. In
whatsoever, te following statement: 1917 it paM 55 500, bringing the to-
" 'Arizona Corporation Commission tal up to $689,000, or $2.60 a share,
Permit No. . ot the outstanding 265,000 shares of
""The Arizona corporation commis- $5 par.
s?on does no' recommend the stock. ' The Arirona Cooper comnanv. ltd.,
bonds or other securities offered Tor has distributed a total or $22,599,355.
sn'e by this company.' On the preferred stock it has dis-
"Pv order of i'e Arizona Corpora- bursed $2,367,509. or which $119,221
was paid in 1917. On the common
sto-U ! has paid $20,231,826. or whic.'x
$1,754,239 was disbursed in 1917.
i The Arizona United Mining company
entered the list of dividend-naylngcon
cerns in 1916. In that "ear it
trlhuted $25,000 and In 1917 it paid
$75,000. makine a total of $100,000.
tortfJ run ait fov ami t) V Ia1av tf
E. Rosers, S.' It. Flagler. C. W. Hili the class or great high grade copper mines or the west. Denn-Arizona main
and R. M. Thompson. faln. Jt9 p08ition at the rront In real Interest. The work is getting vigorous
It has Just been learned that the! . , , . . , , ...
new roasting plant or the" Consoll-. driving, under the stated policy or determination to get down to the 1.600
dated Arizona Smelting company hasj ieTej ag qUicfcly as possible and -Tind out the Important things which remain
I .r i,w.ti v., i.i ito be disclosed before they can call it a made mine. A station is now beinit
Seventy-four million dollars' return on th 1625.000.000 risked capital would ; mKumbly thereby lu output Jn ' fc , 500 f th A lank ha9 set up on lhe moo and
represent 11.8 per cent, nearly 4 per cent less than the 15 per cent return i FebrUB a 8fltn month was in-
which the risks of mining Investment have been conceded in the past to J creasea ap proximately 250 000 pounds ' i"8 rapidly as it is possible to get in and et up such additional equipment
justi'v investors in asking. Hut: . t mr nnn j .j
I of the money expended for the development. Instances In which dead loss
had to be recorded on the books are not lacking. Now:
tn V . H K nnn nAnnrln d,i J 1 im n v . . ... . , . i. m l J
The I7iftnnnnn l nnt all nrnfitdlvidend,. fall far short of renresentlne "V"."" required to Clear uie irr. n uo
profit wholly, a point, however, not mentioned bv questionable stock market
operators and promoters, nor bv agitators who tell the worker that he is not
receiving the share of profits that be should. .
From the dividends there must be deducted return made to the investor
or his capital, or the money he put Into each share he holds, or the assess-
pected that a maximum production of
3.00O.000 pounds will be reached in
April.
The company was Incorporated on
December 22. 1908. under the laws of
Maine. It has an authorized capital
ments levied upon thewe shares, and or the money-he has had tied nn in . ta inn nnn ft ,(,, t,.i, .
-i in jj . . i a & . .u ji..ia a- orfnor T-uf I ut us snares naving a par
tinn Commission."
STORM CLGUD GROUP
MAY BE RECLAIMED
value or $5. and or
rhares. having a total
$8,315,000. have been.
177.000 shares, having
this 1.663.0CO
par value ot
issued while
a total par
shares. These dedncMon must be made rrom the dividends BEFORE THE
PROFIT CAN BE FIGURED.
Operator's Compensation
Meantime, what or the returns to the men who buy laree blocks or leeiti
mate roinine rhares and devote their brain, as well as their time and money
to the develorment or commercial metal producing properties?
Even lr the 11.8 per cent represented as undiluted profit, which it does
hi- 'not, would they bet rettinsr commensurate returns? With a great deal less out or a total authorized issue or $1
risk could tnev not put tneir mcrev ano enaesvor inro sucsr lactones, inoe ra uuu. vcmpnny nwo nan uuiaianu-
ractorles, machinery concerns and dozens or other industrials earning above ing 250.000 or 6 per cent 20-year aoia
value or $SS5.000. hvae been reserved
for the conversion or that amount of
5 . per cent' 30-vear income bonds.
is-
if!n.flil to Th Revlcwl
PRESCOTT, March 23. What Is to
. . ... . m . . iz npr rpnr irnm mR iiniii'iiK ni Liif raw ninLt-riam lrum liib jiauiiH ill ui v i uviub. uui ui n iui m Buiuuiitni
Ir n i tow pS ducers does the love of producine metals because they represent clean, new sue or $1,000,000. but it waa decided
wealth to the world and demand the strenuous rrom man whether he works last June to purchase all or these out
pensate for the difference? Ard do Ms returns compensate him for the tor same over a period of three aau
Some preliminary tests this
j week gave encouragement, through prompt lowering of the water in the shaft.
to the belief that the water Is going to be done away with under lesser dif
ficulties than might have been anticipated. Meantime Calumet & Arizona
is driving steadily toward the Denn line from the Junction Shaft on the 1.600
level. The work is going toward ore which Denn followed out to its line on.
the 1,400 and may bring some very Important disclosures for Junction, la
this 1.600 drift some water has been encountered but as yet not of such ex
tent as to bother progress.
Gadsdeifs Situation.
In the Jerome district. Gadsden is focusing most eyes, although it is
realized that the sinking must go at least cnother hundred feet and that there
must then be a great deal of drifting and crosscutting before definite things
can be established. However, If the change occur in the next hundred, or
share on the outstanding 100.000 ,n tne uow'l,, r tnP earth ,n following the game or risks his fortune, com-1 standing 6 per cent bonds and to pay.the next three hundred feet, which present conditions seem to warrant ex-
after whirA the com- jactation of. and prove up the theories or the engineers who passed upon the
free or mortgage in- nroDertv on the surface and found hope for expectation or conditions which
V.r fno rif lhe hifPPSt TTlinO . . ....
movements ever undertaken in this " r., hm ' M1npa .rmanv ot j criticism or his earnines as those or profiteerine by reople who do not under- a hair years. I
nounced this Kol.,- . dividend iver last!I',an', and nv ,n0fl' wno do not "ant to understand; or ror bis association wr would oe
. . j l ""1 necame ' oivmena payer 1 . ,u..., .i.v. hit. n,v,iAoai., koifi rfakimlnui
fi-ld W that action
wt ck wherebv the Storm Cloud group. ' ar wJth the distribution or $187 500 by th'pvliK promoters with fleures which the oromoter nithlessly construes
in Hissavampa district, near Senatot. ' b tn 150 000 shares' to BU,t nis own Purposes, leaving out the explanation, for Instance, that in
goes into an active state again after " outstandine ' jyears such as last and in 1916 producers who had established large mrplus
a surension of over ten years. The Rineham-Vew Haven Conner through years of close management and careful savin aeainst a
Rehinrt this important movement is ' ri rainy day that mleht put thousands of employees out of work If the surnlus
r Trj orbyi ll rll ye; .. 17 and W W. declared would Vlude dis
7, i A a L f loen AOi im.ivalent i bursement of a portion or the suml-is accounts accumulated Ihrourh a long
?o about 4 !?? a share on tK out-period and account for much of such totals as the Phelps Dodge $14.00.000?
standin 2s!690 share of $5 par. No Spirit of "Knocking"
The Bunker Hill ft Sullivnn Mining; This column is written In no solrif of "knocking" the minin industry,
ft Conenratinr ccmnany. one of the Far from it: the purnose is the opposite. But the writer does believe that
hie lead-ilver producers or the Coeur, until the public receives a business understanding of the mining Industry,
dAlena district of Idaho, has d'stribut-: both the Investor and the worker in mining will continue subfect to th abuses
ed J?n.5,3 mo, of wh'ch $2,043,750 was; or deception at the bands of imnostors. Only with understanding that min-
a- u a.r- ... . t(J ln lgl7 -ling Involves extra hazards for all ascnated with it and nays a profit that Is
that before April 1. the famOUT Old . 0f,, e. Cmorlnr Mlnlnr rnm.lnnW fair In pnmiurlinn -ilh thai OAmffd h nthor indlialHoa inj hat It
property Will again be active, but on , t.,,, U.nl h rilQtrlhntlul j .ll. tr,r annllQtlnn nf ht hnainoaa tniwhanirnl and tuhnil ahlKtT
a scale far more elaborate In practical glfi04o.?M nn Its outstanding 290 .197 j that can be brought to bear. Just as does the sugar factory or any other lmlus-
the O'Brien Mines Syndicate or
Canada, which lias concluded unwater
ing and retimbering the old workings.
J. G. Dickenson, a member of this
firm, concluding a final examination
recently and stating that the property
wnuld he revived at once.
?'r. Dickenson has returneil to Co
bait, and before leaving made all ai
rangf ments to start up Just as soon
as roads are opened, it is expected
mining work than has ever been
shores of $10 nar. As a result of the trials only then can mining commence to get the real support of Its opera-
known, due to the strong financial re- . of r,n.- then prevaillnK, the'tlves. their sympathetic co-operation, along with the brain support from In
annaMis nf Vin nn'nora anst thAll Okm . . . . ..........
gfiiirces or tne owners nna mcir e
me lareesi in me uu..,.j. u M fl p.,, o,n or $fi 65 a Bnare.
U vnnat nwooc o fill Thla a vnrl in tt
l IJ TJ UIUOI f Uin.i7.liui. m r-.i iu's.
enmnspr paid $34 a share, or a total
In 11 Lest year it
also is closely controlled, and in its
extensive operations both in Canada
an1 the United States, conducts its
affairs independently and without
stocking of shares. They acquired the
Storm Cloud after the death of the
or'sinM owner, nearlv ten yeais sen.
but did not decide to reonen ih? old
workims un''l last autumn, when con
ditions resulted in favorable potion
beinc taken to resume. The coming
Into Mf field of this well known min
ing firm is of more than ordinary in
terest and for the locality selected
large benefits are anticipated.
vestors which has In much part lacked entirely in the past. The investor, too
generally, except onlv in the mining districts, has placed his money in shares
while looking straleht at the glitter of the dollar as shown under the calcium
The Calumet and Arizona Mining , light operated by the promoter. What Is required to make him of real value
comDanv has distributed 35.994.349. to the Industry Is his eves on -the facts and figures of mlnlnr. his adoption
of Which 7.067,O8? was nsid In 1917. of Investment In the Industry because of the sound business principles which
The Cabinet & Hecla Mining com- underlie It. and because It attracts his constructive talents and not his ram
pan v of Michigan has distributed Mine instinct. 1'nder such conditions, mining will win not only the dollars
rrand total of 145 rn noo in divl- j but also the applied brains of Its Investors, worrh more than the dollars,
dends cf which 500 000 was nsid In j Figures Apply Universally
191T Total distributions to date are, . ,, , i w,,mi m
r ' accomoanvlng dividends statement.
r.ietanMinr loonnn smres. or over B8 .. . ., . .. ..
times he ppr i-slre f stock. ?5.
..... . , 1 11 I ..t...
in aonirion to irve noiuins in , wm .now that expenses have been far greater tn the sliifbt showing apoear- nesrly twice as Urge
the Gratiot Mining com-
LrTiituunn. , i .i tti v. :.ln. m.i In
The directors declared an Initial now seem oy way or receiving conurmawou, mere m -
divdend of 10 cents on June 28. i tne district who will not accept the property as practically proven. This
1917, and since then the company has i , , . j . t. . .h.r
paid 5 cen's a bare. cn August 15 comment has no association with recent market advances made by the share
and November 15. I0f Gadsden. The advance reflects in part, probably, the natural gambling In-
Its eaTi'nrs for - the first nine) . , .
months of 1917 reached $585 777. , j ttlnct of the market to discount expected conditions a few months distant on
compered with $566 7"5 tor the corre- the jevel tnat lg being driven tor, and In part a move by a group of Boston
sponding period of 1916. ...,... .k. i- --.n mnnnt.mo.., and
The comnanv has 40 claims ot oroners 10 pui one over aim aninm mo "--
profltlees da-s. Gadsden won right to some advance when it entered its
changed mtaerial below the extreme hard country, but it has done nothing
as yet to warrant such tendency to sky-rocketing as witnessed during a few
which ?0 8H patented, covering 7?5
I acres near Mayer and Middletcn. In
Yfvanal county. Arizona. Its most
valuable mines In thes dnims are
the Blue Bell and De Soto. Its smel
ter Is at Humboldt.
The rianarement has planned many
extensions to lt reduction nlant, on
which It has expded $359,4S2 In
1916. The capacity of its plant,
which had already en increased
from 220 tons. In MltVto 500 ton.,
ln 1917, was to have been expanded
further this year.
Three steam shovels are at work
dav and nihf at the New Cornelia
mine ln order to send down to the
leachln plant enourh ore to effect the
days ln the share trading. '
Other Northern Activities.
Jerome Verde and Jerome Victor Extension, the other two most advanced
developing properties In the northern district in which there is general in
terest at this time, continue without changes of importance In their situa
tions on the whole. Jerome Verde Is keeping on ln promising country, but
whether they are deep enough, yet to get the real ore body, remains th
mooted question. Jerome Victor Extension is facing a very interesting situa
tion. They are on their 1.200 level, aer many delays and tribulations due to
pump and water troubles below, and defective equipment on top. Both above
..n,,tMi1 mhIhiiI Th. Kla afent ami
set off In the 'esm rhcvrl pit on the land below they have remedied the mechanical defects and at this time are
north side of Hill No. 3 last week and .lbou. t0 ln on the 1.200 for the first real good look that it has been posst
in a very ii-w itiiiiiacns. as in everv ir was a ni in iammi
other Industrv. there are potable exceptions cf remarkable Profits from small j previous shot In the pit 7.500 pounds
Investment, but even In the case of these a little dlrglnr below the surface I of powder were used. This shot was
control of
(Continued on Tage Four)
ling In the froth at the top. And as with all Other wealth, this exceptional
wealth is now raring no better under frderal taxation than is John D. Rocke-I
On the first or the month D. P.
I feller w ith his annual payments into the federal treasury of $34,000,000. Beckman began work oo the Requera.
ble to attain. From the glimpses previously had It was gathered that there
was occasion for considerable encouragement. Should this property make
good, reward will be carried for many years of faithful endeavor, most of the
(Continued on Tage Four) THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MARCH 24, 1918.
Calumet & Arizona and New Cornelia Report
Labor Troubles and
Draft Reflected in
Output in Disfrict
Production in Bisbee Mines Lower for Past Year Owing to
Combined Circumstances; Development Decreases Dur
ing Last Six Months; Cornelia Issues Optimistic State
ment of Future Possibilities.
V AH DOGS ARE MOST
PEACEFUL THINGS IX TllEXCUES
uoflo-iinn of labor troubles, the the array draft and the great country
arniv draft which has taken manyj1de demand for workmen combined J
men from the mines of the southwest, . nas causea a senouH siioriase w ia
and Lrizon. and the great demand ! bor and we are forced to curtail our
" - . .A mmlm-im An vnrlr anI aii nut nut m
for workman, are seen in tne iaie-1 uu.u.uin,.t..u u. " ""'F"1 ,
.rent cf tte Calumet ar.i Arizona ! terially during the last six months ofi
Mining company for the year ending ; the year. On December 31 about 83
nener 31 1917. just issued. Lower Pr cent of our normal underground
nrduction than in 1916. by approxi- force was at work and since that time ;
n aTely elev'n millions of pounds, Ue- this percentage has Increased but i ,
"a -e in developmrnt, and other look for a scarcity of labor during the ,
sinking rasults of these combined , coming year I
ecndit:ons are monUcned .In o; dependent!
but wiieu !
the government price of 23 Vi cents
infill oi L. u. niv-icw, at..us u. , . nrlpn rnnvr
T re statement shows a net income for H?fn "?J"?ff. f .C.PPf.r'
tr.e year oi lo.o-s.ouv.oa ; d fl . . certain term ;
In the nine report ,. e"" Jt was agreed that the wases estab-
statement of New Cornelia Copper . Hshed dur,ng ,ne month of August 6y I
i ornpany tor tho same period A- the prJce Qf ccpper for July shouM .
many years of waiting and planing, ( remain in forpe during the term in.
the leport of the president declares, 8pjte Qf the reduction of tne 8elling!
" your company has enetred the rarks price During the last four month.
of the substantial producers. On May j therefore, miners" wages have been j
1 the work of spreading the ores in j5 35 B day and unfkilled under-'
the leaching plants was commenced, Kround has been 25 cents less. '
and gradually each part of our plant. Development Halted t
was put into operation successfully.") "Owing to the disturbances caused!
The report s.dws net earnings for the Dv iabcr shortage, the strike and tne
yrar of $762,410.77. : draft, we were unable to maintain tae
Optimistic Report .same rate of development that hasj.
Th two repor:s throw light on pre-, been carried on for the past several j
s?nt conditions which copper produc- rears. During the rst six moaths ot ;
crs of this slate face. The report the -year we made one foot of develop-'.
or New Cornelia is especially opti- ment for each 6.5 tons of ore mined, t
nirtic 8s to the future. Nothing of, whereas the last six months of tne
the future is said in the C. & A. r?- j year we mined 12.0 tons of ore for
poit. la each report tribute is paid one foot of development. As a result
to Major Jena C. Greenway, general ' the tonnage of new ore opened up j
manager of the properties, now wit? during the past six months has been j
the engineer reserve corps on duty comparatively small, although the (
at th headquarters o the American total tonnage of ore blocked out De-
expelitieii3ry forces in France. cember 31. 1917, is greater than it was
i?or-,rt n the aeouiiition of option cn Decern lier 31, 1916. by possibly
-n th-Gadsden Corpr company of th 100,000 tons. We are now taking
Jcr me dis'rltt is included in the steps to increase the amount of de
sntement as is also report of the volopment until it aain becomes nor
Tscri cVnelia & 'Gila Eend rail- mal and hope to attain this end early.
' in the coming year." . '
rVVe di-ectors' report to tfc-t stock-! 1 Underflround Report
hJdfrs of he Calumet' & Arizona ' The report of W. B. Gohrlng su
Vlnin' oomr-Mj 'shows production of ntendent of mines, shows 98.161
,. : .'.-., fn. nnnpr lineal feet of development work con-
leilUfU llirittia r '
TV'
ft . v.
"-V.s -rf'
I. ,
All ' V
-. -
TM
7
4U
You've Been Earning
For Years?
Has it cost you every dollar of it to live?
These are pertinent questions, but the man who
answers them honestly to himself will feel the time,
has come to start a Savings Account with this bank,
wave for the future and get 4 per cent Interest.
TKiik it Over!
CITI2ENS BANK & TRUST COMPANY
Main Street Bisbee, Arizona
corps
Pcilus ho!Jina tioss or war in leash.
. .. Af w- are released by the poiltis holding them they'll bound forti.
T. ,thr'lT vAYan's Mnd "for un,le5 The dogs are used e.tensive.y l.v r e
.nd th. T anibuianc : men. The photo bove . uken .n a secuon oi a nco o..
BUYEDBB
A person who pays cash always gets
the most for his money.
Have a Checking Account at this
Bank be a cash buyer.
It will be a big help to yju in trans-
acting your business.
BANK WITH US.
il.- I :
FOSTER BILL FACES
DEATH IN CONGRESS
Judging by letters from congressmen
506 tons of ore mined. The report
goes in detail into work in the various
rhafts and includes statement or
of the Foster bill being presented or,
if it is presented, of its being- passed.
:na" "uu ""-" Bl"lc'"711 " This is the measure providing for sor-jr""'". ' ,m ' 'oa, '1 lle latter part of the current month.
"B ernment control of ."he minSg indus- ps fJ the com-
C9. 337 "17 poun-is: silver, i.'o,ui.oo . , " "' ' ana senators, tnere is nitie iikeiin joa
ounc3s; gold. 37.130.264 ounces. Reg
:la dividends piid uring the yar on
Marcu IS. June 18. Serteniber 24.-and
!)e:ciiifcer 24. totaled $6,424,762. Spe
cial No. 1 dividend of September 24,
rfistritutisn of capital, toaled $642.
479. maVin? a total fcr th year of
J7.fC7.24i.C0. or of $11 per shaie for
the ar. Total dividends ot tne cjiu
nanv since IMS are
The report continues:
Tucson, Cornelia and Gila Railroad
Co-rpany:
"TKis road
and successful
2zr and doi
than was ant
II.. -i lias ' ' I " irui. I IUUUI.UW1I IUI 111. J l e. 4 " . . , ,
lire-. Hmaiids "A dividend o Vi 1 19 rtn sis
taste. The formation was sent to
the coast for analysis and word came
back of an oil condition being the
base cf this product.
Riggins a few days ago sent to the
Coleman brokerage office in this city
a jar sample, and four oil geologists
ave passed on this article as shale
of the Coalinga- character. Where
this discovery ' took place througu
sheer good luck 4 about three miles
DIVIDEND GUT MAY
CURB INSPIRATION
Bisbee Decorating Co.
General Painting, Paper Hanging, Tinting and
Signs. Perfect Results. Moderate Prices.
HUGHES BLOCK, OPPOSITE Y.W.CA.
P.O. Box 1531 Fhone733
It is understood from a reliable
source that the $2 quarterly dividend
on Inspiration is in danger of bein?
K 0m Di.n. ' ...vv.i... .i
-ii! j k . a lhe latter part of the current month.
. Junction. The superintendent's repor:
on Gadsten says 'n part:
"We have installed a good surface
plant, ith electric pewer, and are
sinking a shaft which Is now over
, 800 feet deep. We will soon start
try. Fol owing are excerpts from oU plorati(m w forel,-to his ef- y g rrcfltrxeSd nnMMhU
some of the letters received: Aivtrinv , -n hh ho .tlle excess prcflts taxes and until thin
From Champ Clark I am glad tol'T:.! V.r . li . ns hoen dennitely decided it is said
give this bill my earnest study and V-7Z !!o.. :! 1 , lat the directors may find it neces
-mtr rDAliitinn n-ill ha neacon art Ti ' .
, n r. , OUV ICC I U L " C " 1 nui v a J
.,.93..tti.,o. atfal d,ftg he ,eve, haT,ne Havdo.;come interested.
not yet been determined. - - aa , . th '
Report of the New Cornelia Copper r " . 7 iT I I II 11 n r I TTPnil llllir
company for the year shows with the " ' "" 'VT I UUHL-L- UN KC
have be- trx rn "
IiesideH. the production of Inspira
tion has not come along as fast as
'was expected, as the company has not
yet tuny recovered from the strike.
acsorption oi me ajo lonsoiiuairu ...., , i. j t i . Witii t'i .i-niotin .i, tt. ..,...
aeration during tn5)Ccr coml)anv total developed ore ?er "'Vn " Prepareu oy u.e ..... . ---, nnm ; u .r , '
n a jrrea'er business .i town (m. . oureau or mines, nas never oeen is-; Will Hr 1 lr If rl 1 1 rr 1 1 i f-'"" l" IMslr' imure man
"s. V. Doaies aggregating oio-.ou- iuu i ,jj . Ifi,, i, -n II ILL. L!l ULILLUI LU it has reached the ilirerf
mpatea. .More euuip-,an average copper content of L57!, -; S3 npP Kha -,- i;" ; ;
iMirrhaspd to meet . d . . !, , no, n ow acuaic. 11 ncruia lu uui uicic it -
I ! meetings when the company had not
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
AND HIGH CLASS CAFE
The best oi every thina at reasonable a la carte price.
A Special 60c luncheon daily. Also $1.00 dinner from
5:30 to 7:30 p. ra. Regular Board by the month, $4U;
$10 by the week.
Henry Poppen. Manager.
panv
. ;J c . i.i mi? i - ... 7 1 ooeration of the metal mines so lonj IHiriiLAS. March 24. Franklin k ."rriy rameu uie ainouiu aisinouieu.
j r: h nni Julv 20th 7 IhWH ,h 01 OfioSound" It cod- s th Production of metals continues Harding, chief consulting engineer ot In June and July the company pro
,o Btock crf";dc1 UU- tJl UK t the present rate. The only clouuthe Chicago Fixploration & Develop-; uced no copper and beginning with
CS,T ?neS;kD of thelSf.' .VJ Hml or ' ' that there is on the horizon is the ment corporation, who has been in I September, when but 2.250.000 pounds
fUr? JZnl dismct you?;!nlfnds at recorahle Tnl locked lssibility of strikes which would tie, the Swisshelm mountains for the past j were produced, the output pot up tu
Htor. entered n ' an agreement 1 in the ZZeZ The retort col- UP 'hls tadu.try. but the department : ten days making an extensive exam!- 5.600.000 pounds in Ix-cember an
directors entered in an agreement P in the process. The report con Qf yery 8Uccegsful in .natjon of tho Moore.Letson 8,iver-lead 6.200 .000 pounds in February. Since
with -he oaasaen ''Jl" .,imi, d ' T.Ttfi ,,.,,,-.,,.! . hv hurt settling a larse number of dispute-, properties, has returned to Dourias. !st July the total production has been
owners in fee c a group of cUms ad h?I? and the indications are that the and left this week for Chicago to lay: only 2-5.9.10.000 pounds, or not much
Do You Know sll the Best Meals in Bisbee?
Try our Special Merchants Lunch at noon, orty ceata U the
total cost and it includes soup, bread and butter, relish, meat order.
vegetable, coffee and dessert.
?:.QD TICKET, $4.75 CASH. , Short Orden a Specialty
MERCHANTS' LUNCH
MAIN ST.
BISBEE.
,om.ng --- AT 7 " , r 3"" nner.t thr'rate of nearlv methods of arbitration and cont ilia-: before the officials of his company a mere than a two months- normal ton-
C01Ti .Si nr, s'ock rivin- rOOOoSnd, V month and wan be successful. If. however. . report r.f his findings. "age. As it is very unlikely that the
.-ptiORon all l" the mine owners and the mine work- Mr. Harding stated that there was 'nine will get back to normal for some
nrntT ers cannot practilaly agree there no doubt but that his compnav would tin.e ye, the directors fee, that
nifni c. iue. p . f d . . pWtrnrti(. nlflnt ., to might come a time when federal con- now take over the Moore-I-etson hold- ;AL. 2 l lURtM) 1 1 T
indications are tha ore ma be found to a Jg nece ,n order w provide , inpR. and tnjt he would rerommenu ! the correct policy to follow would
r.t a depth of 1200 o 103 fee. and on Pac ty of between 50 1 and 1 60 tons uninterrupted production of to hi? :omuany the immediate con-'sne o. more conservatism in the mat-
nmniint of the developments in a1- of electrolytic copper a day, and w hen ' . or nf ,ifvifi..nfi
rfivlHoH inn shares ol Jl.UU progress. j lie ere diiis re an
1 - .1 . 1. t - ..f KSIi
c'-ch D3r value. Your company nas icauiucs anu mem is
cction on 6S8,0"0 shares at par.
rtrKo, nn r.r -ral Manager.
W,n' c Grcenwa'v. tendered his re- pleted and the chute ready for its re-,
the service ception. It
tf'the fni-ed StaV?s armv in France, company to construct a road that will
1 .. . . i." u. mak-n Ihp nasK.iep of a motor truck
Your a.rectcrs oe.ueiea u . ,r. j .
Senator Henrj" F. Ashurtt This in . work on the property was under way
Th Hranrl Pnrifio In ninttiha- eOOO r'-' l" uul iTrb.u...B aim mo .ii.Mupj iuuic r-uru.n, u-
in
fining properties, your u. u-, the . war. Personally. I erection of a small power plant. j It is stated that at present the
eve that if the ore c.iannels extend mine C0oo tons of ore a day there gctlon Fneineer was enthusiastic as to plants are operating at about S ner
.hrouBh these properties tney wu, 4oob 000 d IsoOOM inw be required, and I have great , the future promising outlook of the sent of capacity and th-re may be a
- p'-- r,rn. o ,.!, raitb that Jt can De avoided. property and statert tnat as soon as
up.asaen v n'L. i iuj .i. -
r-orpcrated under the laws of Delaware
-ith a:i authonzea capaai OI .-; . - Foster bill. You are assured that 1 veloped. the mine would prove to be
OiJ.oo divided inn ni n - . u.--k shall give the matter my close atten- a treat factor in the industrial circles
, grade broken down and ready to break "on and consideration with a vie o,0f Douglas
. down as soon as the upraise is com- comply na with your good wishes in, Mr. Hardins
' h,.t if . the matter. !ost the Chic
lecidd increase in the production in
March, hut it is unlikely that capacity
nrcduction will be reached for a tnontn
.T two longer at least. Like all other
mines the costs at Inspiration have
-showed a sharp increase. In 1916 the
.ost was just under ! cents. In 19: i
't is estimated to have beon around
14' cents. While this will give the
,Mt hiu . ia-nation and ratL carrying a trailer possioie, ana
ig estimates that it win
i-ost the Chicago Kxploration & De-
. . c. : . i. i ... .. , . i . .
IS me lllieniion OI Hie ul ..,. , , j . r,rnn,.n . . .. i nmrmv a cn Lit n n t in I nmryln rttirnfli
rei-e'ui ui uui it-ntri iuuiiiuik uai ; uornoou m oi-Ji'.uuu iu luu; u ui l a .....t ........ r... ... ..
is known as the- Fester bill, which road from the mine to the county
you state was recently referred ro.hichwar. which passes witinn nine
.h-.n t ,u, ro eranted him an ind-. eliminate an pofsinie grades.
j .lite ljare of aofnc.e. He is now j , , J ,u not had an opportunity to examin'nf anr maenttudo.
on duty as Major ot eicineer reserve J - "l'rn8- the bill, but if it covers the ground) Over ISOO-i feet of wcrk has been iext meeting
l-ps al iicauiju'N.via ,
. n;4,.iiqpv ga in France.
V cetm ourselves fortunate in be- ,)etn
inw able to retain L. D. Hicketts to w" 1,1 senate of the Tniteii States. Of course. ; w.su h time a very larse body of nilver
upervi.e our work aunne nis aom c ' " . I would oonose huch a measure with fH( Oro iu;s been developed and blork
-:ii with the hearty cooperauon i . u. . T. linft ln th! M my might.
the committee on mines and mining ; miiea of the property, and this will
V. a a Annta iirAc I ho vA 1 .1.. .....1. V. nn i1i.f( nlnn
Ui IIIC IIUUC Ul I Cirr cinoti tn. a ' v, HIM HI Ml t'i R. 1 U Ur uiuitri lane
denite mine near Walker is making l"e bill, but It It covers me grounn over SUll feet of wcrk lias oeen
arrangements to begin shipping to 8BKeSted in the resolution of your one on the Moore-Letson group, cov-
SIx i .ti, Mr Rnrrts chamber of commerce, tliere is no rring the peroid of nine years during
stZs gthat only a few tons will be earth chance of lu ever passing t.,e it? prPsent ownership, and during
'he smaller production has rut the
'arnings very yerinusly and this, to
gether with the uncertainties of the
xcess profits taxes will probably be
net with a lower dividend rate at tne
AMERICAN GRAVES
NEAR FIRING LINE
PHONE 818
We will CALL and get your shoes that need repair
ing and DELIVER them to you.
Our delivery service will take in' Bisbee,' Lowell, Don
Luis, Naco and all suburbs between Bisbee and Naco.
Our Motto is SERVICE.
Goodyear Shoe Shop
Phone 818.
Allen Block
H.ki..h r h. ' in me wannenne jew mine in
dwise is unbroken, we teel that your Tyndall dmtria a rich strike Is re
owh are satel guarded and hop- Pr ed in the lowest east drift. The
to secure L sat factory results in the n U running steadily and produc
to secure as ing ricn con(.entrates in quantity. '
luture as in mc imn.
VERDE VALLEY FARM
YIELDS OIL SHALES ;;
j M. as.-avs showing returns runnins
high in silver.
This is the third favorable report
In be made on the property by Mr.
Hardins. while in 1913 a similar re-
ort was nrvie to ihe Guggenheim In-
erests hv their engineers.
Accori'ine to Mr. Haniin?. his coin-
arv win sliortly establish an oflire
i;i lonelas n order to facilitate the
hnn"ng of its nrning business in this
Ricketts on uaoor James Kane Is about to bond the
After declaring that the jnining op- Ti iuana mne to Rome Nevada par-
iraticas for the Hrst nx months of 1iofi Tnig prnp.rtT has yielded some
:;17 v.tre on a scale similar to those high-grade silver, as well as soma . (Si..hi t.. The i!.-vio,
of 191b. General Manager L. I). Rick- molvbdenum PRKSCOTT, March 24. The oil
f.ts in his repport to the directors pendulum for he time being has section.
;' kes up m:ne labor problems, produc- The wesf drift on the 50-foot level swung from pf, Chino to Verde vai-
tiou and development in the last six 0r the Cold Road Bonanza is nor ley; and now there is prevailing some r,'-" nrnpross bus heen made dur-
:;-.rnths. In part the report follows: nearly 200 feet and showing an Ir.'- ex'itenietit which is due to nothing he nn - fe- yeeks at the Silvei
"Lite, in June a strike was called provement both a to character or more than accident. !?".. fl'v-ir' '.'r.,jne r s iM-ltiu
by the Industrial V.'orkers of the qUartz and values. D 1 Riggins. a rancher, is a pros- Ven fr( ni t'- V'S-frx t and the J.'n-
V. 'orld who ame into tiiis district dur- pective petroleum prince, but not foot leve's. T'-en? Is r-ienty of shin-
i-g the previous months in consifler- NEW STOCK CERTIFICATES with any preconcerted .designs, bin ri'ie nrp in si-':t and great nuantities
:;ii tiumljers. The strike itself last- New stock certificates meeting the through good luck in hitting the pay rf mf'liix? r"-k. Thp late Maior I-
tl rnly a few (eks. Public opinion requirements of the various sto'l: ex- streak in dign:ng a well to provide nn's tr"ii t-.n th.--t there w.is more
v. as dei-idedlv against it. The mines changes are to be Issued March 15 by water for domestic purposes. At m rro in the niiiw ii;in b;d been taken
vre i eriouly crippled but nut closed t,P Verde Coinbination Copper com- depth of 4'i feet a strata of Coalinga out rectus likely to he fulfilled.
ty the strikers, and at the end of two puny. shale was penetrated, but this indira-
r-fkii t'-e sherilt. with a large force ' , 'tioh of an oil flow being in evidem-e ToMn i-ivl FVninttee have lken -.
of deputies and tne morjl support ot Drilling has been started at the was not ascertained until he drank e n the t-'ureka cne of the forme,
tlie cciiimiinity, deported the awitators Telluride under the direction of F. H. of the uater. which was decidedly im- IVrrv nroi rti.-s In the vicinity of the
Irciia :ie i-tate Tte -r!ke. ho'wer. Davi of Los Angeles. palatable as well as xlitgiibtni to the c l i S.-.it-ro mine.
WITH TIIK AMKKK'AN ARMY ! .
'RANCK. March 21. (Hy the As
sociated Press The profec; of Nan
y has placed over the graves of
note than a score o American sol
icrs burled a short distance bark of
helins in the Toul sc. tor great
' oiniuets of ti'iti:ral and arlifii-tal
r.se.s. On the ribbons with which the
ot-r-i were Mid is this frcri;.!on :
"To our American brothers who
ave died on the fit-Id of honor."
The graves lie in two double lines,
ure of th'"n rein:: freshly made,
"ach hns over it a little, rude wood
rcis nptip which is one of the two
It n-ii Ic-h l l' ii riisr-s soldiers wear
mini their necks. Th other disc
i burie.l with the-soldier's' body. The
aves lire h i a ei wi;',. in ti e ran n
f the r::i-:-.iy's irnns a'il amid fields
I bathed w ir r-ui'it .lemevts et"llil
la as fur s the ey -an see. j
K:t' ni liiue.ille the sc'o'il chil
li li -vi-i.ed ti e graves of the Aineri
ins kll'ed in th sector and p'aced
a tliem Kixiich a:i. Anieihan fiu-s
.id l.'i.e buj' htb o lUJei -. L
Be, '',.;-'..f7
-ii K ..i.i V X
e
piaster OIkmtsutg
jJTET us do your Easter pi
C cleansing early ; we an-
ticipate a bigger rush this ?2
year than ever before. Avoid
disappointment by having
this work' done now; just
telephone. s
BISBEE DYE AND &
CLEANING
WORKS.
PHONE 29ft.
SI
ir.75
!.ook for the Emblem
t-i ag u is your guar.
antee of Mstet Service
t
6a
1 BVTIK IM THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MARCH 24, 1918.
THREE
News of Social Circles
A party given In honor of Mrs. W.
H. Harden March 20. at the home of
her mother, Mrs. John Itainey of Ma'.
on A-idit'oii. was- Indeed enjoyable
This was to cela- rata her paper ann'
versary, nhich rs one year of marriage
The quests brought gifts of paper, rum
erous and original. Mrs. Harden is
visitiiijr hre from Phoenix. The i
army boys to whom the building wil!
be np n t al! tines.
The membership "At Home" hpld
last Wednesday proved to be a very
enjoyjhle affair. It was held in the .
blue room which was decorated in .
peach blossoms.
liesiiles knittin? the ladies were en-
guests we-e Mis-t'-c Helen and France' : tertaiued with readings by .Mrs. Teu-,
Lippert. A'ldie Hobbs, Mary and Tom- fert and piano selections by Miss M
lison Jren. and Agnes Horipeo. Me'- Cona.i?hy, and popular records on the
dan.os M R M. FraUzen, Katie Fir- Sonora.
cnugh. A. Shotwell, E. G. Schwartz ! Mr. Richard Thomas, chairman -.1
llnha Ritchie, D. S. McCrae, Peario social department, and Mrs. France-!
and E. Rainey. ; Cummines, chRinnan of membership;
' tS !S i committee, were hostesses, assiste!1
Anona club wiTl meet Tuesday even-! by Mis. Williams, Mrs. Alvin and Mr.-. ;
In?. March 2C. at the home of MlssjOsIe-. j
riizabeth Stamper.
f rg
Mrs. Gerald Sherman and mother
have returned to tiie city from Doug
las, where they have been visiting.
ki t
The Methodist church Edwotc 1
- mTTP cnrr ' ?..i..irl and looks vri-'.l with a silk suit.
SPIilXG STYLES SMACK OF THE SOIL sitrv.i tlssl!e voiI n..ak up ,nfo
SIXCE GARDENING IS PATRIOTIC pretty summery looVlr.g b!or.??s. A
.. .. rrlief from the mci.o'onv oi so.: I
.-""H?85-. colors. S;:iiie resemble siriued f .miTv
Tho membership committee is plan
ning s m"'abership contest soon. Wc
are ooktng forward to enlisting one
thousand inemMrs in the interest or"
our V. V. C. A. and hope that every
wom-m will do her bit toward boosting
league will have a delightful hike this;101" -ne association wnen asueu to te-
evenmg. AH young people invited to . - m-'""ci.
catch the C:30 car up the canyon.
is
Mrs. Arthur Hou!e had an informal
The tyninasiuni class started worl:
last Wednesday morning. All ladies
JUMPS--
: - U .V ...... 3W-V.- "k -I
tf.T Pt her hnme tn hnnnr nf hor r.,P, I 'hO -ish tO joil please Come next
Mi-s Johnson, from Phoenix, on tne ! Wednesday morning at 10 o'clock, or j
a'ternoon of March 22 i m the evening at o clock. There w ul
,w ;be lu lessons in the course. i
V.'i'lfam Elliot and Emmabtlle Rolfs j ,, .... 77 T . ,
motored to Tucson, where thev ve.t L Mr- Avi a is the instructor of the
r.rned the 17th. celebrating St. rai- Span";h c,lass ,USt .FtartInB-
ri.-k's day. Thev returned to Eisber lIueet m lb recreation room Monday
h-re they will make their home. ' evening at f.U).
;s n s? ' .
T,e rtnfitn?- rniete fr,r tho r-.r.-. ' nammoii iiuerpre
piiin relief of the Red Cross commis
sion is coming in nicely. All t'.iat
co ild be ?;ked. Any oe that wis ies
to mf.ke. donation is asked to do .v
bffore Monday, or on that dc thin.
will be acceptable.
Vr. and Mrs. C W. Boswell are e.
pected back from their honeymoon
fr:;m Ca'ifcmi.i on Monday, Marh
Mrr,. f!oswell
Ruth V.'ade. They are to reside
the Ciy licautiftil. Warren.
?c 5 ?S
The Parent-Teachers' association
met at the Center school on Tuesday
evening and erjeyed a raoLt entertain
er of litenture for the Chatauqus
course will give ?n interesting talk at
the Y. V.'. C. A. Wednesday afternoo-..
, April 3rd. She .s the field secretary
. of Ch itau(u:. Literary and Scien
tific Circii ano oomes very highly ree
o.r.mended. Everyone should aval!
themselves of the opportunity of hear
ing her.
Th( TII.V li.a cntartamiul .Ka U!.V j
was the very popular' ,,, ,, r-.,;. ..; .!fw ,.. i
enjoyable party in the Lounge Room
of the Y. .M. C. A. Interesting game:i
mad3 the evenirg pass quickly. K-j-fres.'i.nens
were served.
Th3 Tennis Club met last Saturday
. : : v-...
l"ul'.7'" ,,nr ;--"'nnuee evening urd drew names for the tei-
for a children s librarf -reported that is tourmment. Afler the business
r.N Ccpper Queen I brirv w:il furrish i1 meeting dancing waa enjoyed. Th s
all books for a children s department scn,.luie Is now IIlad(, out and po
in C.e library if the schools pro- iu lhe ha Kveryutie should get busy
vide a hbi anan. One with required anU ,a off thejr games
ounl'iitations has not yet been ie-,
cured. ' j jj.vjday evening the Y. W. C. A. bas-
' . , , . , ket ball 'earn played the high school
Mr. Donaldson, in charge of the w- girUj but were beatca by tUe
u ational department of the M.-C , SBiIt tea n wor!l ot the high scho. 1
A. poke on -Psychology of Child re-'giris.
velo!ment." PUno sclo by Miss Mar-j
garet McConoughy. Delightful re- Th(;re were about 20 or more young
Iresauients were then served. , 1 1;ldiei oll, to the Ued Cro8S knittillR
-1 ; Iclub under direction of Mrs. II. Pearce
A fleli?htful evening was spent at , Vednday evening. A caupie of youiig '
the home of John K. McRae in Soutu,.raeu traved jn anu were pressed ino I
Bisbee, when about 40 of his friends sorvite by oejng made to hold the I
surprised him. Music and game3 com-i yarn tor the giri8 to. wind lnto bal8
prised he entertainment of the even-I coffee and wafers were served and I
ill3. Refreshments consisting of sand-! fiVirv-n eninred a social an well s
,- ' - " ' s ' 4 I ' r 'i
-1 - A s " I
,-- '' t ! O 4, U i 1
. V I I ... j ijVA
(" '- fey ? i : ' fc.i l
They u re till trimmed wi'h si-ft roTi-
; ing collars, a'ui siiine s'i:cks fi r earlv
spring are being shown, (iraer'ul ::t-
i tie ruffles at the ne k and wrists give
i a suggestion of colonial day:. Ono
fiiccti ti ste t'lein fr-.'.'.neti totr-t -icr
' with an o'd-fasi:!o:ied broi.ch. with tnc
tinleil face of some civil War h'r;
hit: Mir lor.h.. o demur.' a:.d mo! t
are they, as thouvh cur gru"...iipoth"i
digniticJ and stately, stepped ot't of a
fume ami eonini,:iic''d iX lively fox-
i trot. Can you imagine it?
There Is a grout difference in voiiei
hut French voile-has ouite a difference
. "r-i r rlii! rtning blouse can he made
from it that gives the effect of a litt.v
coatee, with waist ci.at, 'rolled cellar
and ciifTs of wiiite picpio. and a i"
(omlii? pepluiii of becoming lenptn.
A blouse that is figgested by the ar
tistic wai.;t.s worn by the early Fii:-
' piiios is of white georgette crepe witli
sleeves j'.i.l a tiny bub ro .effect "
rose or dotted white crepe. A naiy
1 bl'ie voile with ern?s plc ited boson
i with collars and ciIYs of bisque co-
' ored crepe, is very stylish.
With the planting season approaching, costumes for the farmerette,
who will plant a war garden, take precedence over the usual frills and
furbelows of the spring wardrobe. Many members of the fair sex are
j : : i J t,t,L-i Illnct-mfo iw turn o-nrflen costumes in
the oSri mart suirwith belted coa featuring large and roomy j canteens; will be opened before fat.
pockets and the other a comfortable bloomer costume, with roomy bodice. Scores of Amer.can women will be at
I. ffieo o-vfrt!y,lA work in them, paying their own e-
. fc- - 1 , .
I Women canteen workers in trir
i TOMEJ-JOSSY URIlVIJt3 s.u.tjv Suno.i.
liuts in France "will hav-o for ne.v
i Easter clothes this yenr what has been
I declared the official uniform for them.
Work in the canteens over there ;s
much too hard to permit of frills em.
i flounces, or even the ordinary garb ot
-civilian life.
, The new uniform for women can
teen workers consists of the folio
I ing:
! 1 cray whipcord coat and skirt.
1 hat, blue or gray cloth.
2 shirtwaists, blue or white flannel.
1 blue necktie.
1 blue woolen muffler. '
1 brasssrd.
, 4 canteen overalls aprons.
2 caps.
j The cost of t.V uniform is as To:
ilcws:
' S:t 275 francs. (There are 5 fratfs
in $1.)
hat, Z to 40 francs.
Coat. 135 francs.
Or, if preferred, cape, 140 francs.
Scarf, 10 francs. '
Tie, 5 francs.
Aprons. 15 fraiys each.
j Ey General Pershing's order, the en
tire canteen work for the army In
France has been taken over hy the
! Young Men's Christian Association.
'This will mean that hundreds of new
Susar ai 3c! lev many b'oc'.'s voi:!d you v.ra;? Ciet
the habit of walking one block from the aifh re.it clis
rict and save one-third cf th-j regular price.
uCCli U&ji iivL kXliC
-OF-
Mew Easter Modes
ii&cB (Mm ill CSS'UD
Starting TODAY
AND LASTING FOR TEN DAYS
We direct your attention tc this special sale cf vvx-iats.
"Fascinating styles cf beautiful fabrics in Scr
colorings v. ill be sold at p?cially reduced piice3
$12.00 to $15.00 WAISTS
Reduced to
$6.50
$7.50 to $10.00 WAISTS f-o CA
Reduced to vO.DU
Special Dancing Dresses
Were $15 and $20, reduced to $3.35
Beautiful Afternoon Dresses
Were $40 to $50, reduced to $27.50"
Were $25 to $35, reduced to $18.75
$7.50 Silk Jersey Petticoats reduced io $4.95
These articles are absolutely up-to-date and will cost
you less than last season's garments will elsewhere.
We have a special sale on the famous Italian silk
underwear at reduced prices.
AT THE "FASHION SHOP"
T7RUITMAN'S T ADIES' TAILOR
i ashionable and IMPORTER
Phone 74. . Hughes Block, Opposite Central Schooi
!
V
i
I pense3. working wthoi't pny, and ex
pensing with many of the simplest
comforts of life in order to be of aM
to the men of the arm v.
j Attsnt:on, High School Gir:s
A matter for sound thought and con
clHorQtinn Sa thA rYfr1 rccein tr ft hfpn
In days of war, as in days of peace human beings; a joy te the beholder. ,.n0(., girIs In the firat P!ace it .s
each new season ushers in new nioce!.. Evening Dresses roor tast. to w(.ar silk hosiery and
Of Interest to. Women
georgette crepe waists in the schooi
wichea. cake and punch were' served la profitable Ume.
All were. motored home after "the bc-stj 1
ard at the university in Tucson
time in years. , . . I Till Hi-Y girls held a business mec. '
Miss Anna May Warren is spending i ing ana sociai tinje in the Blue Kcc . j
a iew days visiting her brother How-Thurs(,a, afternoon. Ethel Bonar i.i.:
;Mary Ka'herine Salmon gave a pi;... !
Iduet. Jeanette Newman eave a r. r e
The Anona club will meet with Miss!tion .,ud manche Powell and, Ma i-. .
i-frrain Cain in Johnson addition ! Mulbert gave readings, liefreah.-.t a - I
Tuesday evening. in, charge of Catherine Winsteil. 1
5? I? isie Heyers. Kcnrietta Brown, W'i,:
Those attending tlie surgcal dress I Curtis Wheeler and !;uth Adar.is. ..'
ing class at the Woman's club March s(rv ?d in the recreation room.
22 were Mesdames L. L. Oilman, C.
M. McKean. V. Johnson. II. M. Sterl i A dance -vas given at the Y. V. C. A.
ing, Howard Barkell, Een Kranken j Kriday evening hv a n-iuber of the i
berg. M. C. Gage. Harry Reese, K. 1 j young la lies. Fifteen couples were I
McClelland, C. U Edmonson, F. C.i pre.sej.t i:id a delightful time was ra- j
Churr.Mll. Sam Franken5rg, , James j)ortei. j
Gannon. A. O. FTidel. C. H. Mocre, D.j
O. Landis. T. Olson. Harry Neyland.i m:S!, Lilian Regan and Miss Katn-I
B. M. Ri'chardscn. T. L. houston, C. .erinj Kris-iie eiiteilained a number of
C. Mitchell. X. C. Bledsoe. W. E. Hiin
kin, 1. H. Golwitzer, Ivan Burgess
Carl Trischka. James SilverVm. A. M.
Smo:k. R. K. Warner. S. H. Kyle, ann
Miss Dorothy Gregg. Eleven hundred
drcsrings were made. Miss Mary Ful
ler was in charge.
!S rs
Iiisbee lost one of its most popular
members of the younger social set In
the departure for Kansas City of Miss
Josephine Southard. Miss Southard
left on the Golden State Thursday
morning for that city and ws accom
panted by her younger brother Horace.
Ttey will meet their father. H. G
Southard, there and will make their
future home in Kausas City. Mr.
Southard i: interested in a hi? live
stock concern in the middle west. The
Southards came here about a year
their 'rinds Saturday evening.
Mi 4. C. V. Ruth entertained at the
y. W. C. A. in honor of Mrs. Lan
iro.ii is Aijgeles, who is visiting her
Jaugiiter.. Mrs. Beaton. Dainty refresh
nunts ware served and all enjoyed
Airs. Hutu's hospitality.
WC3BLIES TRYING
TO INJURE SALES
CF LIBERTY BONDS
(Bv Review Lensed Wire)
CHICAGO, March 23. A bond issue
and a campaign lor the sale of "Gen
eral defense stamps" have been star
ed by the I. W. W. to combat the Lii)-
" r.X. : :;;!erty lean and war savings stamps ci:.-
dtu aun Btw r nun e' . : i : : i
number of friends ho ill regret
hear of their departure. Mrs. Southard; ' . H
lie tonight Thousands of dollars
read have been realized from th
and daughter Grace ill leave in
few weeks.
al
.. ,,.'. '. "'.., , I sale cf the Ind3 and stamps, accord-. "
Mr X. A. hhettle wife or a promi-, j ,o hp ,i(eraturfc The , , , ! , 3
nent San ITanci n o biumess n, r-; be us.d m defensC: of membpr8 now ,a .
S.aturdav mcrnine to Rpen'' the s"n-'l ., .... .
mer with Mr. and Mrs. Eibes. Mr.1
Eibes has just rex-ently accepted the 1
according to one pamphlet. Another
circular declare? that although the
work of the I. W. W. has been greatly
poHiion as chief clerk to J. C. Kyan h3IH,"(.apj, by ine 'actjvUies Df go--,
ns engineer of the ( oclnse county firn , offJclaN tt is .craiilIaiiv Eei-
l:ihliv.-ay foinmisjion. j ting hack to normal." i
; Amitnsr dociunent declares thai .
T.r Tf if A 77c ",,,:lnV money c.nUrib'Jions have been 1
1 . f r 'U XX iVOe Co. received from Can ida." j
I The I. W. W. bonds are calknl "Free-1
jdom Certificates." !
Theie will be a vesper service Sun- .
dav '.iteixoon at 4:S', conducted by
the raptist ladies. An interesting
study hoar is being planned. Conro
and uring a friend.
BOOKS ARE SEIZED.
)l:v l;M-rw lns-.! W'iie'i
EL 1'ASO, Tex., March 23. 200 co
1 pies of "The Finished Mystery," claim- j
i rd to be the posthumous work of I
The social department or the Y. W. ' I'astor Russell, were sei-d here to-1
C. A. announces an "Open Hostess ! (iay by federal officers. Xo arresta
House" for the army men and Y. .
C. A. pirls Thursday evening. April
"rd. The following committees were
cppoin'ed to take charge of the affair
Reception Mrs. Arthur Xotman,
chairman. Mrs. C. W. Allen, Mrs. F. E
Shin. Mrs. Bailey, Mrs. C. X. Hunt
.and Mrs. K. E. Ellinwood.
Re'reshments Mrs. Henry Piere" 1
anr". Mrs. . ?. Alvin. airs. 1 nomas
and Mrs. Crocker.
En' jrtainment Mrs. Willinmson.
I)3c:ration Mrs. Juliff, Mrs. Shine
and Mrs. Williams.
A :;ood ime is being planned and '
is hoped that the members will come
and extend a coidial welcome to the
were made but notice was issued that'
anyone found with this book would,
be subject to prosecution. Ths boo I
is said to contain pacificist propagan- i
da. I
Some one has said, "One mkht as A number of dance frocks are shown j
v e!I l.e dead as to be cut of style, with the rleeve3 emphasized; man? , m ullin .llT,niirifT t ,, nni,.r i
T3 v ar may Jiave turned Europe lengthen into scr.rf-like drapery, t-itnedav as it ts, striven for and sough:
tor y-.ur y. but they tell me that a bod'ee that is close fitting, but not arteP jn' these war-ridden times- anu
rVifc I- iff "a avenue. New Ycrk. that tight, is a gown of rose satin com-!in the nPXt pla(,e lt isn-t kind to' your
the or.ly signs of war are service nags bined with silver embroidery. si schoolmates. There are just lots of
, ' V t;. S. banners But under : preme complacency may be felt in j.iris. wn0se mothers and fathers by
rh.s dots not'make people cai- wearing this gown In any ball rootn fjaj.d labor anu so'rifice struggle dav
I-.:ccd end unsympathetic, just patn- in the world. Another with more dg- after day year after year to keep
. dpy in ways to cheer with nity attached is of ciel blue with clonal thcir dauf,'nters ,.ie2n and ne'at so that
thc.r charmingly Pressed selves, as upon cloud of beaded blue tulle, wltn ,hp mjy RO to hjetl 8l.nooi and ae.
r.k-ht with the dimness or the city's a sheath skirt which is soft and grace-; ve, anj broaden ;nejr minds so that
lights. rul One is showii of Liberty hlue'thev m coraete wUi, anv other cTm-
"uiryinir to and fro cne sees worn- satin, gorseously draped skirt. ::n!dren fn the wortd
::; the early morning hours, never a pointed yoke embroidered in gola.j Just stop and tnink what R comfo,.
--ti b'.fore. going to l.heir different and gold embroidery making up lne!thcse g,s wi be wht,n thev J)ave
"'i Cross posts in great haste for decolette waist, and tiny puffs of Lib-, attai;lpd rplemlid young womanhood,
'ear tlicy will be late. In the past blue satin for the sleeves. ;t0 bri,,:iten th dreary existence of
t -o saaio mcniings were spent in Blouse 'the parents who labored that they
'-pping cT fotigne cf last night's par-; very useful way to practice econ-i might obtain tha most priceless of
t, but. Oh! hov: the p'aase of living omy js t0 nave an one's spring gar-' things, an education. You may lose
has changed. Xow they revel In the ment9 carried out in the same color' everthing. at least every worldly thing,
opportunity to be up b( fore the spark- scneme. For instance. If blue is! but through every trial and tribula
ling dew has be.-n brushed from the closeni a biue gjjirt, hat, coat and ' tion that amount of learning you have
Tuss. cs busy as bees. afternoon dress of blue is wise. "Ya-! accumulated remains, made perfect by
Every die puts the waj firrt. and rietv I? the spice of Ufe." but h -i hard study and constant tuought.
to shop or not to shop is the ques- also an expensive spice, and the e:n- .These girls who' are less fortunate
tion, but 'observation may be carried nal fitness or things Is more to be; financially are often made unconifort
too far, to extremes, as everything desired. Fresh lingerie waists relieve jatle and feel ill at ease going
t ise. "I?i:s;iH 33 aj usual" is a good the severitv, such as one of the Onesi I through the corridors and to class
slogan. But to be extravagant is as white btite, hand-made and hanc- rooms with their more fortunate
wicked as-needless economy. We have hemstitched. Another sneer organdie schoolmates clad in the height . c:
been warned of no shortage except in with real filet lace and sprays of em- fashion while they are in their simple
wool, coal and wheat, and we shall broidery on the collar. This style 1 froc k s . reel very strong
heed these warnings to the best of makes a woman look as fresh as u;lythat things have not been evenly
cur ability. There is a great mass ot daisy and is well suited to the pei-. divided, lt is as natural as for Vie
wage-earners that must have employ- son who is hard to please. For eve,--jsun to rise each morning that every
ment, so as to provide it for them we day wear a practical linen shirt wais; daughter of Eve should wish to Iooa
must shop as usual. It is a mistaken Is almost necessary, of flesh, blue or' her best, but there is ever so much
idea that our government has as yei linen color, with frilled white .coliarj time for that in the future when the
requested us to go about shabby ana and cuffs. The kind of waist that 'school days are but pleasant meni
doudy: It isn't patriotic or the least makes a costume complete Is one o; I cries. Then is the time to go out m
necessary. It Is every woman's Chris- canary colored goreette embroidered j the world of people and take youi
tian duty to look t.'ie be.t sue can all m green beads with a necklace or place in society or waaiever you may
ihe time. Look like really and trulyicreen heads to mntch. This is verylbe-best fitted for and shine like a
jewel In a lovely setting or beaut mil
cloth. But now, while the halcyo.:
days of childhood and youth are hen-:,
enjov them in simple, sensible froexs.
neat and fresh like a f lover, anu 1
not clad in elaborate silks to pass i-.c
jday in the study hall. Put yourself
I in the place of some little girl you
I may have in mind, whose clothins
I isn't nearly so nice as yours, whose
I circumstance won't permit her to
wear tho latest 111 :iats. siioes anc
other pretty things dear to the heart
cf a girl the world over, and s e
how.ycu would feel walking to am;
from g:hool with girls who have ever
rancy gratified and the contrast o;
your own plain garments. Is it pleas
ant, little girl? Is it an enviable po
sition? Is it quite fair? ;
The mothers who do not drsssthetr;
daughters plainly and simply s-houni,
give It their attention; it is food for,
thought.
There isn't anything under the can-!
cpy of blue heaven more attractive
than the high school girl, light hear:- j
ed. full or spirit and sometimes gig
gles, with her hair down her ba.
tripping gayly aleng. They enjoy life
to the uttermost, and it is as it should
I be. but not in striving to outshrne
j their classmates In frills and furTie
ilows and hats a-tilt. but In pod hard
digging forthe thing3 that count.
Women! Here Is
A Dandy Thing
Few drops en corn er callus
stop pain, then they lift off.
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Solicit! Your
Patronage
PHONE 53
JAPANESE WOMEN OF AMERICA ABE
WORKING BUSILY FOR RUU LlUZ
PAISE ENTIRE GUM. I
Pv K-vi.'W !.tiwiJ Wire)
Y. ASi.'l.NUTOX, March 23. Sub
iciiMioiis to the latest issue of $5o).-!
'O'VO') certificates of indebtedness
floated in preparation for the third!
iit ?.'y loan closed tonight and early j
rf ports from federal reserve blinks j
indicated it bad been taken in full.
Payments yesterday alone amounted ,
to f 39.",,ooO."uiHj. '
LI 1 r fc
m f -
Your high heels have j
put corns on your toes j
and calluses on the bot
tom of your Teet, but why
care now?
This tiny bottle holds
an almost magic fluid. A
genius in Cincinnati dis
covered this ether com
pound and named it free
zone. Small bottles of
freezone can be had at
any drug store for a few
cents. Dn't limp r twist
your face in agony and
spoil your beauty, but get
a little bottle of freezone '
and apply a few drops on .
your tender, aching corn
t callus. Instantly the
soreness disappears and
shortly you will find the
III II corn or cal'U9 80 shrivel- j
LI I i ed and lobse that you can
"J-rf lift it off with the fingers. '
Just think! You get rid of a hard :
corn, sort corn or a corn between the
toes, as well as hardened cauusea, 1
without suffering one particle. Mil-;
li'jns of women kep a tiny bottle on
the dresser and never let corns ache
twice. Adv.
TO
COLLINS &
IETBERTON
We Specialize In
JEROME
, AND
OATMAN
STOCKS
Jack Eidg., Main Street
Phone 26 Box 1123
Kill
VI
v4
1 Pure. Nearlv neutraL
Sweetly scented. It produces a
thick, soft, creamy lather, re
moves impurities, leaving the flesh
as soft as velvet and without that
-drawn feelimj always following
tne use ot an alkaline soaa
Once use it and you will be
a convert for life.
Call for Free Sample. orirnd two
crr.ta to cover cost of m.nim ami
Booklet, "Care oi the Skin."
ELECTRIC
DYE WORKS
Sin's Cleaned,' $1.50.
Suits Called for and Delivered.
Phono 386.
ELECTRIC DYE
WORKS
BREWERY GULCH.
McDonalds Marinello
Phone 335
Shop
15
WATXINS & BERGQU1ST
Jewelers and Opticians
The HLLMAgK, Store I
jHENNESSY
Undertaking Parlcrs
PHONE 15. O K ST.
i 1
nHinaHsrsB pills
lira. C Yada. wife of the Japanese conbul ecneral at New York.
j SNOW IN PANHANDLE
(Hy Review Lerw4 Wire)
I AMAUILU). Tex.. March 2:!. Six
incheb of snow- fell over much or tin I
north :rn part of the Panhandle today. ;
thou-.'h none fell In Amarillo. In east-'
. ern New Mexico the fall was reported I
j as much as IS inches, principally Hi
ithe nelRhboiiiood of Raton.
Th.; snow will be of inestimable ben-1
lefit to the winter wheat which was
sadly in need, and to the range. '
BIS3EE TRANSFER,
STORAGE & COAL CO.
YareJiouse & Office Opposite Iepct
PHONES 640 and 50.
Vx ' 3 " v' Y
i" - (Y . A.'-ti u . ii.Trr
v JV ui.v1m ftu fn.Ki. a
sold fy P3fC6r?is rvainiiinf
Cc'r?clrr and Builier
ESTIMATES AND PLANS FURN
ISHED. WM. McDOUGALL
Opposite Lincoln School
mmm
CATARRH
OFTViE
LADDER
2-T2i Li
24 Hoars FOUR
THE B1SBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MARCH 24, 1918.
DEVELOPMENT PROGRAM
RETARDS COMPANY'S
(Continued from Paee One)
time under exceptional difficulties.
Globe-Miami Cains in Ore.
In the Globe-Miami district, Arizona
Commercial. Iron Cap and Old Dom;u -
ion development work on ther lowe.
levels is steadily broadening the ex -
pectations of a great deal of increase increa8ed charges for all suppl-.e.
in higher grade resources at depth m Proflt ha8 digapPeared from most ot
the d-stnct. Much Increase has heeu,their t and the margln on t;ic
made to proven ore areas in the last regt ,8 fcardlv Bufficlent to baance
several momns. Among uevtriup...s
properties yet to establish themselves
as mane mines : rmvatvj supper.
.uuuiiiuu auu o.c
ed about. Porphyry C opper continues
to send excellent ore from its develop-
men work and is considered practically
a poven property Work being
cuted on the bOO level in establishing
rocuuuu ' i
lasl Determining uie '"'.are really H associated plants neces-
siaiiuiug m mC ioir.ij. ' ii I sary to putting the ore In salable
drift going out to the Live Oak line shape on tne market. But there is
of Inspiration is opening to view ad-, attendance in the present situation of
ditional high, possibilities. The con- a urtner jtem of C08t to the prodlicer
trol of Porphyry is in the hands of f copper lo gel down again8t tt,P
the Coplen interests, whose original ! price of 23 cenls and wnlcn Bhou,d
faith in Inspiration and persistence in help to pet the a,Jvance ln tne meta;
its development is entitled to re-;prjce , June t which the 0peratOr
sponsibility for the ultimate steps and the operative need under toe pre.
which made that great producer. Por- vailing conditions of abnormal operat
phyry ground is next to the Live Oak ,ng and 1Mng cost8 of an kinCg
property of Inspiration and has beeu; . The Minin Share
contneded for by Mr. .Coplen as a . In the minInK SDare markets thert;
better piece of mining country than hag been a period of uncertainty ana
the Live Oak. on w hich Inspiration stagnaUon. This condition has applleo
has its deepest workings and at Uns to.a of ,he sts Tne war newg h(U
depth its richest ore. been an undeniable factor, but the
'Realize War Need of Metal lapporachfng Liberty loan Is probably
In the mechanical division of m.n- tne more ,mportaht ,tem ln the 8ltua.
ing in the state, Calumet & Arizona tion Ciearance of gecurities is being
new electric pumps which are send ng made b a t m investorg in
water from the 1S00 level of Junction order to ,n readiega t0 particlpa:c
shaft to the surface, are centering a ,n the forthcoming ican. preS8ure 01
great deal of interest among technic. gale3 Qf ,hig gort hag b(?en gucJl ag .!
men. Electric pumps have not berore n)ck() C00(J newg Jhat hag come a,ong
been put under such strain and some abortive ln polnt of effect as an ad-!
slight alterations have been necessary ,,.,,,. u n. nrnYJ
in meeting the requirements, but oniy
such as attend the installation of most
machinery on new "work The try-
out nas praiicany n"""""'
me pumps in iru0
success, in mat event cney win
cuiisiucibu. ""-J"""
the water or tne oistrict. in in throURh TOlume of subscriptions re
Copper Queen smelter at Douglas the ce,yed shareg of copper producer8
attention of technical men has been
claimed several times in recent
months by betterments in construc-
tion ano practice wuicu nu
much value for the industry. A late
gain has been in furnace arch con
struction which materially increases
tion. At Ray and Miami there are
continued efforts directed to better
ments in practice. At Humboldt the
plant of the Consolidated Arizona
smelter, as it has been remodeled and
as it is being increased, is proving
in practice to be a remarkably ad
vansed and efficient piece of work.
Much attention is being accorded It
bv smelter experts. At Clarkdale the
construction of United Verde Exten
sion smelter is advancing excellently.
w hile at the United Verde rm'-lter the
betterments which have been steadily pafly j8je Royae Copper company. La'
in progress with increase in capacity SaIle Copper company, Laurium Min-j
of plant are xiving high results. Tech- inR ccmpanV! Osceola Consolidated
nical men in mines, mills and smel- Mining tompanv, Superior Copper com
ters of Arziona never before extended panj. and NVhjl pine Copper com.;
themselves as they have in assocta- paDT, isie Royale has disbursed $1.-1
tion with the managements of their 500,000, of which $900,000 was paid in
companies since Uie declaration of 1917 orceola has paid $16,410,275, ot!
war. No point is too small to arrest wMch $1,923,000 was disbursed $200.-1
their attention and get overtime e:- 000 of which $100,000 was paid In
forts on their part if it .holds forth 1317 vhite Pim became a divid.end-
the slightest promise 01 enaming in-
crease in output of plant. T:iese men
hp.ve broader realization than those
of any other divisions in mining ot
tr.e great need in wnicn me usnuus
lorces 01 tne canon sua u paid dividends at -regatlng $27.4S8,122.
stnad of na abundant and unfailing cf wnfcn $gt6i2,802 was distributed in
tupply cf copper metaL '1917.
Leasing Provin9 Real Aid I The Copper Range company of
Soon after the declaration of war Michigan has paid holders of its
leasing came in more favor, owners 8hErea $23,054,310
of copper producing properties who The c.ro!-wn Consolidated Gold
had withheld from the system in Mining & Milling company, operating
many instances concluding that tne a bonanza gold property in the Crip
circumstances of the nation justified pB Creek (e0lo. district, has dis
them in making surrender of beliefs tributed $5,807,162, of which $1,464,000
t.'iey held as to disadvanuges for them paid jn 1917
in connection with leasing. In conse-, The Da!y Mining company, a sllver
quence of the change in attitude ben- iPad.g0d-copper producer of Utah, has
efita are no' beginning to show In aiBDUr8ed $2,9'75.000.
repons i u.it "
from custom shippers and in theopeu'
inf considerable new ore resources.
Were the price of the metal higher,
there Is no doubt but that shipments
of custom ere would make marker
gain Irom the leasing sources, as wen
as from other small operators w:ic
are at the present price confined lo
their highest grade ore3. Also there
.... A 1 n'lnnd'irt no in in tttAO mntl n r
. j. k ino.r..
01 u "...h vuuuvlCu u.
and the increase in ore resources of
tne ttate. Notable among leases mail
ing good under development are the
iVi.-eas and the Nighmawk ln the War
ren ilittrirt. The Boreas at 100 feet
has recently come into ore that prom
ises excellently for the making of a
con.iideial.le body. The Nig'athawk
has been in good ore for some time
and is of much promise. Bo! i the
proper:. -. u...k
the matter of showing the way to im-
ponant expansion of the proven area
of t!:c Warren district. In hal: a
dozen orbcr instances the fame ma.-.-r.r
t.f imfortant Sain is being niacc
for them throv. h (--aair.g opera 1:01.
Copper Metal 5itJ3tion
Ni x York r
oris continut! to le:i
:etul o.irput irom the
t.f gkorl-izr
rrlineries and of delayed deliveries 01
bulKon from the mines. I'.ullion sirp-
n;cnt: are scattered ail thr way irom
ire fnflfr yard? to i!ie dcois of t;:e
reP::eries. Horttver. best rpir.inn is
t! m" tvtn were t!.e bullion gettins
tl.rourh witlioiit delnv. and even weic
it all in the rt finery yar.:.i now. i.iere
wo;i!'! not be enough topper in sight
to nil orders which have been going
si'rt'iily in alx'yarue because of t'.ie
lack fif'pietal V fill th'-m and it iiie
stupe ti'ift sf-.iisfv ihe d mr.nds oi the
. .
government ior i:s on use? unn uiuw
of its allies. The r finery situation
has coi.ie i.t more prominence i.--
fiiir'. K'l i i: '-oiiideral io;i U likeiv
to be an ;i'!i!:li tial fa-tor cf impoi
tai.tr in di- u nions attending
r.trt ;re ;i; :? y tv:tu of t.e var
IN C. & A.
OUTPUT
i Industries board. T'je refineries are
i handling the bulk of the metal under
I long time contracts, most of these en
I tered into during the prevalence 01
pre-war normal conditions. They
;nave bpen unabe ,0 ralge the,r
: mlt charges 8hoURn they have had
t ,- m.,th .. ' H .
the Iosse8 Bt for tne fact Ulai
.mo8t of lne gecurlUes i9sues ot lllt
, rennerle8 are neld by ,arge ppe,.
producers, it wovid long since have
beconie an impossible situation. Ab
the ogs of fitg 8UStalned Dy me
reflnerieg falls ba .k as an increasea
prose-jcharte on tbe C05t of "copper at the
mfne-8i wnlch ,g proper enoughi inag.
much ag mines, smelter and refinery
that he 8tock nu,rket wi ,ook
any EOrt of R purposefu, way except:
g3 ta an occasjonal ,,8Ue of epeclli:'
attractiveness, and these probably
amcne the newer and sma er ofre.-
.. aftpp th .llrrP5i, nf
the
new ,oan hag crme to be ass.jrea
and cf properties sufficeintly ad
vanced in development, with attendant
ack'.n? of established mining skill
. v,o. r,.. v ,.n m
. ,tprim hv r,nn(,v ln m ,
the roquirements of the owner for
L,berty tones,' will represent barga:n
DIVIDEND TRUTHS
fCyntlnued from Page One)
payer , 1917 wjtn disbursements of
$126,051 on the preferred stock.
Tne Cni0 cop;.er companv, operat-
ing ,n New jiexin)t although organ-
Jzed Jes8 tnan r!ne years aso nasj
Th Dalv-Judee Vininir rnmtnnv. nn
erating a notable silver-lead mine at
Park City, Utah, has disbursed $1.-1
155,000. This is equivalent to $3.85 a'
share on the outstanding 300,000 !
shares of $1 par.
The Daly-West Mining company, aj
silver-lead producer of Utah, has paid!
$6,606,0iKI, of more than $36 a share!
on the outstanding 180,000 shares of
v - " par.
Tne Federal Mining & Smelting
company has distributed $13,925,331.
It paid $839,027 in 1917.
The General Development company
has distributed $4,523,917, or which
$840,000 was paid in 1917.
The Goldfield Consolidated Mines
company of Goldfield, Nev.. the hold
ings of which include the famous Mo
hawk mine, has paid dividends total
ing $28,999,832. Mohawk stock was
floated at 10 cents a share during-Jhe
. muHQVI . MfiM , uthar,
decline suffered by the camp the stock
went begging at 7 cents a share. Fol-
lowing the disclosure of its bonanza'
ere bodies Mohawk sold above $-0 Bj
share. 1
The Gugirenheim Kxploration eoin-
pany .has disbursed $34,036,783 in divt-j
dends. This is more than $40 a share
on the issued 8;i3,7:i2 shares of $23 ;
par.
Tho Mecla Mining company, one tit!
the famous lead-silver producers of
the Coeiir d'Alene district of Idaho,1
has distributed to slot kholders $S.9('5.-i
O'lO. of which $l,ri0,000 was paid in j
1917. 1
The Honiestake Mining company. I
which cwns the f unions gold mine oil
the same name near Leadwood, S. D.,j
ai:d vliirli is comrolled by the Hearst
interests. .Ha? pa'd dividends-aggre-i
aOO..no.l .. I.ll. 14 Olfl )iiD!
gaunit i.iu..).i. vi imu
was paid in 1917.
The inspiration Consolidated tom-
pany has distributed $15,935,345. 0!
which $9,751,288 was paid ln 1917.
The Iron Blossom Consolidated Min-
!:.'; eiiipany, a silver-lead frcdncer ot
RLOOK
Utah, has disbursed $3,000,000
which $250,000 was Daid in 1917.
The Kennecott Copper corporation paid iu laiG and $,tWO.oul) in 191. ! .1 he ioiadon notice or this claim is
of Alaska, a two-year-old producer, has The Luck Tier Combination Gold J recorded in tho cff'.ce of the Oountx
already disbursed $:U.207.Go2, of which1 Mining coninanv, which tbroiiKh a ieconkr of Cochise County, Arizona,
$15,887,369 was paid in 1917. Isubsioidaiy owns the famous El 'iipiojas follows:
The Miami Copper company has a silver-gold mine in the state of So- Sl'CCLSS I look 49, Records
dividend record of $16,519,803, ot
which $6,724,020 was paid in 1917. 4SS. c. hih $515.0'0 w-as paid in
The Mohawk Mining company of; 1013 and $4-2.no in 1917.
Michigan has distributed $7,625,000, ot j The Mexican mines of Kl Oro, L.d.,
which $2,050,000 was paid in 1917. j distri'rn..-d to srockhnldors $4.
The New Jersey Zinc company has; S52.7S3, of which $05,040 was paid In
distributed $61,800,000 in dividends 117.
since January 1, 1907, when the com-1 1 h Mir.es, rcmi anv of An:cr!ca.
pany began to publish its dividend 1 which through subsidiaries owns nu-
statements. It paid $26,000,000 in'nicroKs jropcrMe. mostlv silver, in !
1916 and $14.7000.000 in 1917. ' t'-.e slali s of S mora a i l Chilmah.ua, I
The Nevada Consolidated Copper: Moxic.i. has raid dividends totalinsi
coninanv has a dividend record o: i nr.s fiDi This is equivalent toi
$35,771,869. It paid $8,297,747 in 1917.!atout 5-3 a Bilare on the outstandini; j
The Old Dominion company, tne si2.6.rS Rhars of J10 par.
holding company of the Old Dominion: -in plio p;at;l Mining company, op
Copper Mining and Smelting company ! eratin!, si;VEr mines in the state of
and the lnited Globe Mines, has' dis ! jhu-, j,,. , Mexico, has paid $343.-
trlDutea tj,ziii,az, 01 which j.oo,-
210 was paid in 1917. Old Dominion,
has paid $8,124,000 and iniled Oloiie,
$4,255,000.
Th Phnina Dodce comoration. a
holdine company for numerous mining!
luiuunuics uuciauus ...
the state of Sonora. Mexico, has dis
bursed a total of $74,696,000. of which
$14,4000,000 was paid in 1917.
The Portland Geld Mining company
of Colorado has to its credit disburse
ments totaling $10,957,080, of which
$360,000 was paid in 1917.
The Quincy Mining company, one
of the big copper producers of Michi
gan, has disbursed $25,517,600. It paid
$1,980,000 in 1917.
The Ray Consolidated Copper com
pany has a dividend record of $15,
555.252, of which $6,624,152 was paio
in 1917. i
Tne Shattuck-Arisiona Copper com-
pany has msDursea u,os,ovu. w;
which $1,750,000 was paid in 1917.
01
The Shannon Copper company nas
a dividena rcccra oi
which $525 000 was pa'd in 1917.
Thes Silver King Coalition Mines
company, ?. leaa-siiver pn;uuctsr
Utah, has distributed $15,085,8S5. It
paid $750,000 in 1917.
Tho Silver King Consolidated Min
ing company of Utah has a dividend
record of $1,492,705, of which $383,
287 was paid in 1917.
The Tcnjboy Gold Mines company, j
leiating a gold-silver property at j
one: a' me a goia
Telluride. Cola, has paid aivioenu
aggregating $4.SS,473. i;ishurieinents
during 1916 and 1917 aggregated $li-.-660.
'ihe Tonopah Belmont Envelopment
company of Tonopah, Nev., has . dis
bursed $9,143,050. It paid $750,000 in
1917. . ,
The Tonopah Extension Mining
company, which is controlled by Chas.
m 3,hwah the steel magnate, anu
.aa,M h n dividend record o; !
$1,912,420, of which $320,700 was dis
bursed in 1917 and $604,524 in 1916.
The Tonopah Mining company of
Nevada lsads all other companies m
the T&nopah camp in dividend pay
ments. Disbursements to "date total
$14,150,000. of which $550,000 wa.:
paid last year and $600,000 in 1916.
The Trimcuntain Mining company,
cpeiating in the Michipnn coppai
be t, has disbursed Sl.430,000. 1 hi
is equivalent to $14.50 a share on tt.
outstanding 100.0 ;0 shares ot $25 par.
The United States Sxeltin?. Renn
in? & Mining company has disbursed
dividends aggregating $29,209,100, ul
which $3,477,800 was paid in 1917.
- Ths United Verde Copper company,
th? stock of wh'.cii is almost entirely
owned by former United States Sena
tor Clark of Montana, has disbursaG
uMaends aggregating $46,072,000. or
which $5,625,000 was paid in 1917.
Senator Clark's income frtmi thib
source alone is about $9 a m'.aute.
The Uniied Verie Extension Min
ing company has distributed to stock
holders $4,042,500 Cf this sum $1.
050.100 was paid in 1916 and $2,992.
500 In 1917.
The Utah Copper company has a
dividend reccrd of $75,707,882. It paid
$23,555,105 in 1917.
The Wolverine Copper Mining com
pany of Michigan has to its credit
dividends totaling $9,930,000. It paid
$810,000 in 1917.
The Yukon Gold company has dts
tribu ed S9.6S3.110. of which $l,050,0i0
was paid in 1917.
'the Beaver Consolidated Mines,
Ltd., operating a silver proierty in
the Cctalt district of Canada, has
distributed $919i912, of which $60,000
was pail in 1916.
The Couiaeas Mines, Ltd., has paid
$8,940,000, of which $500,000 was dis
bursed in 1917.
The Granby Consolidated Mining,
Sn.MUng & Power company. Ltd.. op
erating silver-lead-cspper properties
ln British Columbia, has paid divi
dends totaling $8,375,000. Of this
sum $1,499,850 was disbursed in 1917.
The Kerr Lake Mining company,
.me of. the notable silver producers
af Canada, has distribut?d to sto;k
holders $7,410,000, of which $;90,n0
was pall in 1217.
The Nipssing Mines company one
cf the bi -silver producers of tr.e
Cobalt district of Cauda, has dis ri
buted $16,740,000. It paid $1.800.om.,
in 1917.
The Seneca-Superior Silver Mines,
Ltd.. of Ontario. Canada, has paid div
idends totaling $1,579,817, or which
$598,603 was paid in 1910.
T'n? Standard Siver L'..;l Min'n;;
company of British Columbia has dis
tributed' $2.7Mt,(iii. It paid $6u0,0'.
in 1916 and $300,000 in 1917.
The Tretueway Sllver-Ccfcal: Mine,
l.'d.. las hil its storkholders $1,
161.99a. It paid S50.0"i in 1917.
Mexico
The Amparo Minirg company, ori
c-rating in the r3 of Jalisco. M.::
ci. h t, diin"outed J2.C32.176 i:i 'IM
dends, t.f which $320.0oO was paid Iu
1917.
Tne p,js Kstr-dlas gold-silver mine
of Mexi( : has pa! 1 $li,3:'.5 0
n.'.perjr.7a Ltd., the V.v
!.s!l
li:.M
lng company for the E.-peranza Mm
ing company, opera' i:ig at El Oro.
Mexico, has a dividend record of $12,
217.39S. It paid $1O.20i in 1917.
The t;reene Cauanea ("op; -r com
pany, tfc? hcldiri; t-onipaiiy ior stih
sid'ary r-ompanies operating at Ca
uanea. Sonora. Mexico, has distribut
ed $11,747.1:".. It paid $::.907.0' 0 In
1916 and $3.934.0(hi in 1917
The Greene Consolidated Copper
company, prior to Its dissolution the
latter tait of last year as he Mexican
j.?rt;t;t:g coa.i ;:ny for tUe CCreene-
sfiC.'.nanea Copper company- distributed
115.544.400. of which J3.50U.W'o waauiu. uaitlc 1 cle. or 1.7S3 acres
nora. Me-iro. hr.s distributed M.2U0.-
745.
T!ip San Raraci
in McxI(.0 ha3 distributed $1.442.3S0.
I Minlnsr properties in Mexico owned
j ,.i .... r.v.t mr.
porat!on h3 Rothschilds, the Ameri -
, .,,. K.npii'.-itr v. iicnn ne ccmnanv.
rni-.H .n,itlMnan. etc
which control 85 per cent of the
fnrli,a n.inln : n 1 1 : a . Tl' OPO tint in.
'hided
Ir. tl-o ok,- hrj..l PT.II-t
above
figures are
not available
AUSTRIAN SAILORS
AWn Qfll niri?Q ARr
r,t rrXr. r;
RioADY FOR REYUL 1 I
j
(" Review l.eid wire)
WASHINGTON, March. 23. Unrest i
in the Arstro-Hun?arian army anil,
navy is discussed in a dispatch from 1
....n.r.n ...r. ...
through official French channels. The
nsace says:
, r--
I 1. naries in an oruer wiueiy cuuiuieuieu
upon Ituay in AUiro-nunKariiia cir- ai. fagc yj.
c!es, appointed as an aide, an admiral , The names of the adjoining claims
who would no longer be responsible are: North. Blue Bird, unsurveyed,
to the parliamentary delegations: A owned by the Copper Queen Con. Mg.
paper in Budapest assures us that Company; East, Bisbee Queen, unsur
this mwssure is due to events recently I 'eyed, owned by C. W. Rambo; South,
occurring in the fleet. One recalls , White Bird, unsurveyed, owned by H.
in truth that not long ago an Austro- W- Clarkson and N. L. Hayden; West.
Hungarian warship surrendered to the ' Silver Lead, unsurveyed. owned by C.
Italia
ns. Since then difficulties of a
ery serious nature occurred in all the
Adrfptic ptrts.
"'t is besides charact?riftic to note
'hat the present cbmmander of the
fleet who is a Jougcslav. has just beeh.COMPANY F0R A UNITED STATES
replaced by a 'Magyar, e distort-! PATENT
pnee seems also to have aff-cted the
military forces in the Interior. Forl
tr.is reason martial law has been pro-1
claimed ln Eosnia and Herzgovna!
where the Slavs have refused to fir!
uPn the manifestants. This severe
n tasure nas just. resn extenaea to.
thi-e districts of Croatia boredring
upon Dalmatia.
an, iuc uiuii:i3
-2vs teen refused all holidays.
NAME 98 FLIERS.
(Hy F.evlew Leased Wire)
COLUMBUS, Ohio, March 23.
n:.:-u. n: aj nin wno received ai-
Pi -mas from the army aviation school f, E (nn,pPr'oved and Section 13.
at Ohio state university here today ; T(,wr,ship 23 S., Ran?e 25 E.. described
v.crs Russel G. Colt, husband of Ethel jaa follows-
Esrryn or?, the actress and Philip D. j W ARREX "Beginning at Cor. Xo.
Armcur. Ill nephew of the Chicago, the S. E. Cor. whence the W. i
naVkr- I Cor. of Sec. 18, T 23 5 . R. 25 E.. G. &
Legal Notices.
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR U.
S PATENT
Mineral Survey No. 3388.
U. S. Iand Office, Phoenix, Ariz.,
March 5. 1918.
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that
the Bisbee-Warren Copper Company.
a corporation organized and existing
under the laws of tho state of Arizona,
with its principal office at the city of
Bisbee, by its president and secretary,
thtrtunto duly authorized by resolu
tion of its Board of Directors, has
mf:de application for'a patent for the
Wiidflower lode mining claim, situat
ed in Warren Mining District, Cochise
?oanty. State of Arizona, in Section 18
Tounship 23, South, Range 25 East, j
0. S. R, B. & M.. which claim is d
scribed as follows, t-wit: !
Beginning nt Cor! -No.' 1, the W. Vt !
or. of Sec. 18, T. 23 S.. R. 25 E., G. &
S. U. B. & M, brs. ?CSS 15' W. 1651 !
ft. thence S. 83 55' E. 443.5 feet to!
Cor Xo. 2, thence X. 2 24' E. 102.3 I
feet to Cor. Xo. 3, thence S. 73 49 '-.E.
1000.0 feet to Cor. Xo: 4. the N. E. Cor.,
theice S. 2 24' W.J 600 feet to Cor. I
Xo 5. the S. E. Cor., thence X. 73 49' !
W. 1436.5 feet to Cor. Xo. 6. the S. W.
Cor., thence X. 2 24' E. 378.8 feet to j
Cor. Xo. 1, the place of the beginning,
containing net area of 17.839 acres. J
The location notice of this claim is J
recorded in the County Recorder's of- I
ice. Cochise Counry, State of Arizona '
is follows: Book 57 Record of Mines
it page 431.
The names of the adjoining claim;
.rc: North Hur. Xo. 2424. Delta lode.
Sur. No. 2062, Golden Era. No. 1 lode.
Eaf Sur. No. 2062. Little Era lode.
American lode, unsurveyed. owned by
lohn Fitzpatrick. South. Anyil lode,
unsurveyed, owned by John Fitzpat
'rk. West, Go'.conda lode, Sur. No.
3390.
J. L. IRVIN, Register.
rirr.t Publication March 8. 1918.
'.a:,t Publication May 17, 191S.
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR
U. S. PATENT
Mineral Survey No. 3387
Serial No. .03823?
United States Land -Office. Phoenix.
Arizona. March 1, 1918.
Xc.tice is hereby given: That R. A.
Bretherton and C. M. Henkcl. whose
postoffice addresses Is Bisbee, Cochise
founty, Arizona, have made appflca
tion for patent for the following named 1
lode mining claim. Rituated in the
Warren Mining Dibtrlct, Cochise Conn
tv, Arirona, In Section 13 unrirr ed.
T. 21 S. R: 24 E. (!. & R R B. & M
described as follows, to-wit:
SUCCESS: Beginning .it Cort.or
No. 1. the X. E. corner, whence the.
W't corner of Section 18, T. 23 S R.
25 E. G S, R. H. & M. bears X. 8:" :
11' E 29418 feet; thenca 4 34' W.'
"!2.4rt feet to co-Tier No. 2; thence N j
87 21' W. 1500 ,eet to corner No. 3; '
ft hence -N. 4 34' E. 425.30 feet to ! -
ner No. 4; thence S. 83' .14' E. 1300
feet to corner No. 1, theplace of be
iiinn?. rnntHinitiv a net nrjn ' H:A !
cres. expressly excluding area in con
'!. " !'h Survey No. IM17. Bnice Lode
cf 3 acrs, and with Survey No.
of Mines. Pae 128.
1 1" j names 01 uie adjoining clamu
to til3 survey are: On the North Bur
vey No. 2176, Corona lode and Surve:
No. 3!5S. Corona lode; on the Has
Survey No. 313S, Rolla lode an I Sur
vey No. 3117 Bailie lode: on the Sout!.
Survey No. 3117 Uaitlc l;,de and Sur
vey No. 3117 I'.nice loil-: on the Wes
Survey No. 2020 Horse S'ioe lode.
J. L. IRVIN'. Rosister.
;
NOTICE OF AMPLICATION FOR U
S. PATENT.
Mineral Survey No. 3384.
U. S. Land Office, Phoenix. Arizona.
February 28, 1918.
Notice Is hereby given that Samuel
SutcU'fe, C. W. Rambo and Carl Smith
gold-silver mine;wfcose postoffice addresses are Bisbee
; Arizona, nave mane application lor a
patent for the Winnebago lede mininc
ciaim. situated in w arren Mininz Dis-
1 trict Cochise County, State of Arizo
- - "
.!sh,P 23, south, range 24 east. G. & S.
I R. B. & M.. which claim is described
1 as follows, to-wit:
I """" " i, IMC E..
corner, whence the U. S. .I. M. No. 1
Warren Mining District bears S. 77
lAAa 17 ....... OTC1 1
thence S. 61 degrees 26 minutes W
Ifiinoo ot to come No. 2. the S. W.
corner, thence N. 5 degrees 24 minutes
east. 150P 00 feet to corner . o. the
N. W. co-er, thence N. 61 degrees 2S
minutes E." 600.01 feet to corner No. 4,
the N. E. comer, thence S. 5 degrees
24 minuses 1500.00 feet to corner Ko
1, the place of ths beginning, contain-
.... an vi .i..
i The location notice of this claim is
i iu me v-uumy uccumu B m-
- ,.,,, j ,
; wuuwa. -, uraiu ui ni.iics
i lv"mu"
J. L. IRVIV, Register.
First publication Feb. 23, 1918.
NOTICE OF THE APPLICATION OF
THE BISBEE-WARREN COPPER
Mineral Survey No. 3389.
s Land 0ficei PnocnU Arll.
j;arch 4. 1918.
i'ntino (a herehv Hven that thn rti
je-Warren Copper Company, a cor
tlon orEanlzed and existing under
thn Inws of the State of Arizona, with
j its principal office at the city of Bis
1 rtee. dv its president cna secretary.
I thereunto duly authorized by resolu
J ticn of its board of directors, has made
(opiilication for patent for the following
I named lode mining claims, situated in
I '.ho Warren Mining District of Cochise
".ounty. State of Arizona, approximate
t .n n Tnun.hin "t r.nro
' S. R. B. & M., brs. S. 72" 42' E. 2425.1
!ft. thence X. 77 57' W. 1496.0 feet to
Cw. No. 2, the S.'W. Cor., thence N.
' lr 2' E- 6no feet t0 Cor No- 3- tne
iN- W Cor., thence S. 77 57' E. 1496
fett to Cor, No. 4.
no. . tne . k. cor..
Ithence S. 11 02' W. 600 feet to Cor.
i N'o. 1, the place of the beginning con-.
Itaining a net arsa of 11.479 acres ex
ipressiy excluding area in conflict with
I Survey No. 315S. Rolla lode ot 7.511
acres, and with Survey No. 33 1 4, Rock
land lode of 1.613 acres."
BISBEE "Beginning at Cor. No. 1,
the S. E. Cor., whence the W Cor.
ct Sec. 18. T. 23 S.. R. 25 E., G. & S.
R B. & M. brs. S. 64 20' E. 943.4 ft.,
thence N. 77 57 W. 1498 teet to Cor.
No 2, th S. W. Cor., thence N. 11
02' E. 600 feet to Cor. No. 3, the X. W.
Gas Fired Water
For Attaching
to Your
Range Boiler
Sisbee
;or., thence S. 77' 57' E. 1438 feet to
'or. No. 4, the N. E. Cor., thence S. 11
12' W. COO feet to Cor. No. 1, the
dace of the beginning, containing a
let area of 20.630 acres.
;ih;u ROCK "Beginning at Cor. No
. th S. E. Cor., thence N. i'J' 53' W.
1 46'). 90 feet to Cor. No. 2, the S. W.
Jor., thence N. 24 32' W. 4U6.70 feet
tc Cor. No. 3, the X. W. Cor., thence S
.7' 57' E. 1490.10 feet to Cor. No. 4,
ie X. E. Cor., thence S. 24 32' E.
45 SO feet to Cor. No. 1, the place 01
he beginning, a net area of 7 304
acies, expressly excluding area in con
lift with Survey No. 3137 Jack Pot
No. 3.
1. AitnOXATE "Beginning at Cor.
N'o. 1, the X. E. Cor., whence the W
3or. of Sec. 18, 1. 23 S.. R. 25 E.. G. &
i. R. B. & M. brs. S. 53 54' E. 717.3 in conflict with Sulphide lode, this aur
eet. thence S. - 24' W. 14S5.50 feet .vey of 3.257 acres."
fo Cor. No. 2, the S. E. Cor., thence N. i The location notices of these claims
."7 57' W. 532.30 feet to Cor. No. 3. are recorded in the County Recorder'
.he S. W. Cor., thence N. 0 52 E. C0(t of'.ice, Cochise County as follows:
'oet to Cor. No. 4, thence S. 73 09' E.
:7.30 feet to Cor. No. 5. thence N. 13
17' E. 597 SO feet to Cor. No. 6. thence
V 73 09' W. 40 feet to Cor. No. 7.
hence N. 21 32' W. 345.30 feet to
'or. No. 8. the N. W. Cor., thence S.
;T 57' E. 600 feet to Cor. No. 1, the
ilace of tho beginning, net area of
.691 acres, expressly excluding area
n conflict with Sulphide lode of thiB
survey of 1.532 acres and with Survey
N'o S390
Nancy Hanks lode ff 5.744
acres.
SULPHIDE Beginning at Cor. No.
1. the S. E. Cor., whence the W. hi
"lor. of Sec. 18. T. 23 S.. 1. 25 E.. G. A
3. R. B. & M. brs. N. 87' 04' W. 594.7
feet, thence N. W 32'. W. 1463.50 feet
tc Cor. No. 2, th5 S. W. Cor., thence N.
V 24' E. 300 feet to Cor. No. 3. thence
V 11 02' E. 500 feet to Cor. No. 4,
the N. W. Cor., thence S. 77 57 E.
When You Think of Building
Think of
GIBSON-HINES
LUMBER COMPANY
J. W. F. SMITH
Manager
Bisbse Lumber Company. inc
EMIL MARKS, MGR. LOWELL CAR STOP. PHONE S&
L. J. OVERLOOK, BROKER
Correspondents: Paine, Weber & Co Boston, Duluth, Calumet.
LOGAN A BRYAN. NEW YORK ANO CHICAGO.
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK.
Provides abundant supply of
hot water at reasonable cost.
Call at our store and ask for
demonstration, or make re
quest for representative to call
upon you.
ImBrovemcnt Co.
597 feet to Cor. No. 5. thence S. 86 34'
E 838 feet to Cor. No. 6, the N. E.
Cor. thence S. t' 24' W. 559.90 feet
to Cor. No. 1. the place of the begin
ning, containing a net area of 18.456
ac;es.
L OPPER WEDGE Beginning at
Cor No. 1, whence the W. U Cor. of
in. isT9a n??;!? n a 5 r R
& M.. brs. N. 81 55' W. 157.9 feet,
tiituce 3. 66 17' W. 882.30 feet to
"ct No. 2. the S. W. Cor., thence N.
2 24' E. 464.30 feet tq Cor. No. 3, the
N W. Ccr.. thence N. 84 46' E.
12M.80 feet to Cor. No. 4. the N. E.
Coi. thence S. 2 24' W. to Cor. No. 5,
th. S. E. Cor., thence N. 88 55' W.'
437.70 feet to Cor. No. 1, the place of
the beginning, containing a net area of
4.S94 acres, expressly excluding area
Warren Book 53, Page 423.
Bisbee Book 53, Page 426.
Red Rock Book 53, Page 425.
Sulphide Book 53, Page 425.
Copper Wedge Book 53, Page 42L
Carbonate Book 53, Page 422.
The names of the adjoining claims
are: North Survey, No. 2413 Mayflow
er. Golden Gate, Juniper and Wedge
lodes. East Survey No. 242S, Delta
lode. South Survey No. 3390. Golcon-
'da. Sunshine and Nancy Hanks lodes.
Sm-vey No. 3137. Jack Pot No. 1, and
Jack Pot No. 3 lodes, Surrey No. 3158.
Roila lode. Survey No. 3374. Rockland
lode. West. Survey No. 3374, Rock
land lode. Anna lode unsurveyed,
owned by R, A. Bretherton and C. M.
Houkel. '
J. U IRVIN, Register.
First Publication March 8, 1918.
Last Publication May 17, 1918.
Phone 88
The Body of
Our Paint
is pure white lead. It is mixed with
turpentine or pare linseed oil ac
cording to whether it is to be used
for in or outside work. There Is no
grit in it; no adulterants to make
its manufacture cheaper. Paint ex
perts alw-ays get their ' supplies
here. Wouldn't It be wise tor you
to follow their example.
1
Heater
I
H : ' '
j t ii IS
j
:i
lift
!
I
i
1HE B1SBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MARCH 24, 1918.
SHOP
NOW
FOR
And let these representative concerns serve you. They've arranged splendid
displays for your inspection and they've priced them mighty attractively
Be Sure to View Their Stocks While on Your Shopping Tour
ESS UP FOR .EASXHR
Just a Word to Mr. Well Dresser
D
R
For real class, for pep with capital "P." come and take a look at our new Spring showing of pcpular merchandise. Easter comes early
this year, you know March 31 so we're early, too, with our Spring layout. ' ,
Men's Shoes
Here are two styles that out of ..11 the others strike us as especially nifty:
MEN'S OXFORDS Mahorany calf. English Oxford, vhite fibre soles," new custom last.
It's perfectly plain no frills, but a real highbrow for style $5.00
The same as above in blacks; the most popular makes in
men's dress shoes at $5.50 to $8.00
..75c
MEN'S HATS that please $3.00 and $3.50
KOBEY'S
" Q UALITY FIRST"
Suggestions for Easter
The very latest in the popular neckwear; a large selection at -
Our hosiery department is -well stocked with lisle and silk hosiery; a variety of colors
and patterns to choose from, per pair ..50c to $1.00
A new shirt for Easter can easily be selected from our Spring
showing of slurts; priced - $1.50 to $6.00
SHIRTS at popular prices ...$1.25 to $6.00
For Easter Sunday
BUY HER A BOX OF THE FAMOUS LIGGETT'S CANDY OR A
BOTTLE OF EXQUISITE PERFUME. WE CARRY A LARGE
ASSORTMENT OF PERFUMES, THE KIND THAT THE PAR
TICULAR WOMAN INVARIABLY PREFERS
Call at our store and inspect the fine stock of toilet articles and drug
supplies. You will always find what you want.
J. M. BALL
THE DRUGGIST
MAIN ST.
BISBEE
Have Your Spring Suit Cleaned and
Pressed for Easter
We have the finest equipment in the district for cleaning and press
ing clothes. Simply phone 1 23 and our driver will call promptly at
your home, obtain wc,'k and then deliver it without extra charge.
Our pressers are experts and we guarantee to please you. Just try
us once and you will be a steady customer.
Central Tailors
PHONE 123
MAIN STREET
LOWELL
Easter! Are You Prepared?
We wish to call your attention to two of the best made lines of Cloth
ing in the country at popular prices.
Gold Bond and Stadium Clothes
High-class Workmanship, clever in Style, and high in Quality.
We have just received the latest model in Stetson hats fctf Spring.
Sole agents for Just Wright Shoes for men.
MILLER'S
Main St.
Bisbee
Buy Your DIAMONDS, Watches
Clocks, Jewelry and Silverware
From A. Z. MEGEDE
The Lowell Jeweler
Also Pianos, Victrolas, Sheet Music and Records. We also rent
Pianos. Nothing but the best up to date of everything in my line
will be found in this store.
A. Z. Megede
THE LOWELL JEWELER
Great Sacrifice Sale of New Easter Modes Blouses and Dresses
LASTING FOR TEN DAYS
SPECIAL DANCING DRESSES
$15.00 and $20.00, reduced to .$3.95
We have a special sale on the famous Italian silk underwear at re
duced prices
Vests, $2.50 and $3.50, reduced to $1.35
Bloomers, $3.00 and $3.50, reduced to $2.25
Other Silk Underwear Reduced Proportionately.
BEAUTIFUL AFTERNOON DRESSES
$40.00 to $50.00, reduced to $27.50
$25.00 to $35.00, reduced to $18.75
We direct your attention to this special sale oi waists. Fascinating
styles of beautiful fabrics in Springlike colorings will be sold at special
ly reduced p-rices 1
$8.00 and $12.00 Waists, reduced to '. $5 95
"THE FASHION SHOP"
Fniifrman V Fashionable Ladies' Tailor and Importer
FIVE
Pa
E
PHONE 74 THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MARCH 24, 1918.
MOM FACTORIES
- TIE URGE PART
IN WAR CAMPAIGN
Industrial Plants of
( made; airplane parts wore being
;fi,ntiunpii and pans to a new type;
of mean going vessel were being built,
'in the saMie factories. Tiie railroads
I found the freight burden too heavy,
i t) one Detroit automobile concern, I
' suggested to the govenur-nt that its
'trucks be allowed to deliver theni-i
ecIVcs. Permission was given and thej
pit r proved successiul. The cars not i
only de'ivred themselves at seaiorts j
but carried capacity loads of freight.
FOUR HIGHWAYS LEAD
TO CALIFORNIA FROM
THE COPPER KINGDOM
'Four highways connect this state
with California," said J. J. Bowen ot
from California asphalt base crude
have a natural zero cold test, making
them the correct oil for use at all
r seasons of the year. i
I I'sing zero cold lest oils gives the'
necessary margin of safety, so that!
J during the cold weather there Is no
; danger of burned out heartens or fx
i cessive w-ear of moving parts, caused
! by lubricating oil congealing in the'
i oiling system." :
CONDITIONS CHANGE
WITH WAR; FARMERS
NOW OWN MACHINES
Day after day. long lines of new I ,h ' Tishee Auto comnaiiv "Or these
trucks stream from the heart of theja popular route is by way -of Needles
, cuy ana, accoruing to investigations an(i Parker. I
Nation mads b' tbe Board of Commerce, i "Though ' winding across a rocky.
. "thpv ttiaVa thp trin tn Phiinri-Mnhia j u i - .u i ..t.
" - . i uf stn, kic ruuu is iievri iiieieha quuc
Show Tremendous Work of r Baltimore in much better tune man i g(K)d BS all the ,arge stones have been.
ir.e steam ireigni cur service.
Prnarinn and Discharge Detroit's two big shipbliding com-
rreparaaon a.io: Liscnarg panjeR are of co(irset doing notning
P Pn-A?trn Orr ! but war work. Their construction in
or r o. eign ruers. i 7 as a and preater achieve.
roents are forerast for this year. The
! plants are building vessels of a length
thnt vill r,is3 through the Canadian
an:ils ard are fit: ins: other lake ships
lor te journey to sa)t water. , , popper and gold mining sections in
Tetroit fa; tortus now are getting . Arizona. Two of the richest gold
ready for their big output drive. Fuel . proiterties in the state are. located
"Such conditions, of c,irs. h.-ive;
location of ready trionev. The man '
who formerly had a great deal and ;
boneht rt'anv Liberty bond-?, U now ;
pacing a higher dis"unt and is paying j
more for the luxuri.-s that lie formerly:
enjoyed and has less to spend for!
them. But his place ts being taken
tions along this line.
"Have the wheels of yrwr car tested brou-iit about, a marked clianee in the
fcr alien nient. Wheels out of align-
T Vw.,... nnn t,A unM..; u.,11 . I rnntA. Knn ..
' i iirir, i nar ai? iiir nannil tmiiti nielli I u 1 II VUlir jmiri iikiii u-.J
nd .state administrators have been 'which has produced $9,000,000. and ntbe,. defe-t. Thic is somethim that
I't'ed. navita'ion soon will be opened, j tie Vulture, whose output has reached ' few motorists realize,
freight service is expected to be much the $18,000,000 mark. "Have your brakes adjusted so that
better and the motor truck trains j "At Salome the road divides. The' when stopping quickly In an eniergen
will continue to rumble eastward, i northern branch continues to Phoenix1 cv the braking powr is not applied
Then the fear of over-product icn set-, r1a Wickenberg, and the other goesi n one wheel onlv. causing it'to lock, by the farmer and the worker who
barks ?.:!! be dissipated, it Is believed, j through the rich Buckeye valley andlgijde and burn un your casing. are benefitting by the lr.rie exoend.-
the large cotton fields near Avondale.l -i stitch in time" saves an other- tures of money hy t.'" government.
Thousands of acres have been re-i wise perfectly casing. The Lowel and spending the'r surplus for the lux-
claimed here m the last two years Dyi Motor company offers absolutely free tines formerly denied them.
DISCRIMINATE WHEN .
PURCHASING CASINGS j
i
DFTDOIT, ,Mich., March 23. The
tremmdous pait which )be aitom
bi!-? factcr'ea and ether industrial
p'r.ntj! of Dtroi, are playing in the
prcu'on of the wsr in sbov.n by fte-
vr( oV.ained for tfc Associate Press lestric-ticns imposed by the national ; here
bv t"-e Dcroit Board cf Commerce, j
According o these statistics war con
tra? 's totalling SSOO.OOO.f-oO hnve been
tum"1 over to locil firms r.ince last
Apr! but industrial lexers and trade
cxrert- ser-m agreed that this fact is
secondary in jTtportsnre. .
The lcr-lin? spectarie In Detroit's
war drama has ben thi remarkable
sprc with which r:any of the con
tra rs have been filled. It is beiieved ;
that no city in America qot under bead
wav for jweTnn.ent work, more quick-,
ly : kcp'. mor tree fro.n strikes an-1 J
lab-ir dissension; p'ected its indue-;
trial rcsotiwes more perfectly from i
mpirr r lo's. or accomplished niorj j
whe-i rail, and wrter trHnsnortation
facilities v ere lacking. There has not "If there ever was a time when tire
in Detroit since th- Uni.e,! St.tes ,n- it is now ' says Harvey J. Woodard. j
tcred the v r. sral .'.tempt, nt general sales manager of the Repub to "e odrec7a DyUee?v
ipcendiari-n were nipped in the bud lie Kubbe- corporation. good "ttlzen appreclatea Dy every;
tbe-e t as b en no serious lire at And t.iey should not be content Accur&t6 data across the desert;
a ti?r proiun.s wnn me outward appearauce oi "igtretches leading into the state will
D?troit men conceived the Liberty tire, but should inquire into its ante-! 8timuiate travel from the outside,
miter While motor experts were cedents and what its manufacturers: wnile information concerning the state
perfecting this piece of machinery, a stand for. I highways will do the same for internal
local factory, reerly a quarter of a I "it is easy to make a tire that looks ; traffic.
mile in length, was being built. A good. But the real goodness of a! "All information gathered by the
fhort tirre after the motor was ap- tire is in the construction and in the, Goodrich national touring bureau is
proved by the government, it was be-: quality of the rubber used in the j printed on cards and furnished free to
ing turned out in this factory. 'tread. I the motorist, no matter what kind of
On another occasion, pavernircnt I Now is tne time for users of motor: tires he uses.
represcntaiv:s ceme to Betroit wi;noars to economize, and real economy: "Thes cards can be obtained from
contracts fcr J30.non.0fi0 worth of ccnsists cf buying a tire with an es-i us " ,
ordnance. A laree automobile com-. t blj h d reDUution which will last' -i
pt?ny accepted the tr.sk: ppent more j nser
tV.n Jl.000.0i0 for btiildin? construe-, .A' leading newspaper recently
tion and in a comparatively short time haJ a lengthy editorial on 'Gypsy
h:;d in-ta'.iel the snecfal machinery Hor,e ana- Gvpsv Tire,' in which it
out that buying an unknown
as like buying a horse from a
j The aggressive autiynoli'Ie i;ilrr!
'who a year ago thou?'!' hiu time hail j
j cume. is now reapitrr the bcM-liln i'
; the unfortiinrte c-ircum Malices vv'i'uli
; upset the industrial ore tniz-i; inn --r
the country and threatened ;n ii i ,
business. I
'It s tin ill wind t.Tat fclTW no rn" :
removed. I llhlllWhll MIMIlKl.M good," says Kd Flumb of Hi- l.owoD
A continuous vista of fantastically; Ul lW I J kUL I5SU I Uil WWk branch of the Southern Ari7ina Auto'
carved rocks affords a scenic feast, company. "The working clns of poo-'
to the motorist throughout the entire1 " pie are making mere i.iotiev i'l.tn thev ;
distance of C2.8 miles. One of the! The further advance in the price of ever made before, while ih farmer, i
most striking of these is 'Twin : standard tires emphasizes the need of with a production of $2 1 .'.o'.'.i0.oo0. ;
Spires.' tire economy on the part of every tar nearly seven billions mo'c than the-
"From Parker the rood leads owner, and J. O. Main of The I ow;-ll production of 1910. is deriving about'
through one of the most productive. Motor company offers a lew sugrres-. mo per cent p'ent.
TIRE ECONOMY URGED
3YJ.0. MAIN. MGR.
OF LOWELL MOTOR GO.
pumping plants.
"The entire distance from Los An
geles to Phoenix via Parker is 536.1
miles. This is divided as follows: Los
geles to San Bernardino, 63.7 miles;
Bernardino to Needles, 245.1
miles; Needles to Parker, 62.8 miles;
and Parker to Phoenix via Buckeye
valley. 164.5 miles.
The Goodrich Rubber company with!
service in the insp.X'tion of all tires
by their expert tire and rubber man.
who will give you the benerit of his
knowledge and experience and save
you money.
"Speaking of economy in tires, the
Gates Half-Sole tire is now recognized
as the grearest invention since the
pneumatic tire This is a guaranteed
tire, and sells for a fraction of t'.'.-s
cos: of standard tires." according to
b O. Main. j
"Hence, a new end vli-g-n class ot ;
buyers has emerged from th unusual l
conditions cf war times. At first the!
dealer was a bit confused be-ause the i
people who formerly had the money '
to buy hesitated, and the new class j
of buvers had not yet made itself i
ielt." '
Look for the Brand
The Willard brand is more than a name.
It's a sign cf reliability, responsibility and
protection to the buyer who wents the
genuine Willard Battery vith Threaded
Rubber Insulation. The Willard brand
means a hotter spark a quicker start
brighter lights, and vitality to carry over
load and work overtime.
In the Threaded Rubber Insulation of the
Still Eetter Willard in the expert- workman
ship in the complete Willard service there
is greater assurance of long battery life.
ENCLOSED CAR SALES
INCREASED BY RAIN
LOHMAN & WRIGHT;
Lowell
Central Theatra Building
RAY SILVER-LEAD IN
OF PIONEER PROPERTY
i r.nciospa cars, says .ir. Kieusoe
j of Mood & Bledsoe, Ford dealer1'.
"have become more popular the last
cotinle of weeks on account of the
bai v.-ea'her. which causes the mib'.ic
to realize the convenience of having
an all-year-round-car.
"Not only has the weather affected
our sales on our Ford sedans, but the
i factory advance on all Ford models.
23. ThO ...ppnt tha anrln4fd rnr hnq helned
PHOENIX, Ariz.. March
final payment due on the option on the t0 quicken the sales on sedans.
which ihe ?ov?rnme:it had furnished, j pomte(j
Mrnufacturfcif then bec-iine a routine. . t;re wa
pro post' !cn
Then
was msue to
manufacture shells here. several
business nie-n held a heeling, organ
ized a eonipnny. and a new industry
was founded.
gypsy.
"The buver took all the chances
! with the percentage against him. andi
' it was rarely that one of these un-
, known tires stood up and delivered
CORRECT LUBRICATION
IS VITAL FACTOR IN
OPERATION OF MOTOR
Haley and. Souffrien ead properties
near Ray has just been made by the
Ral Silver-I.ead Mining compp.ny, in
"The convenience of making to?g
trips in enclosed cars is bc-ng; real-;
ized by the public more and more j
mmmmim
Zifl ,F , y, 77 Mm m 1 1 Sift Tii Wtt,j i V
which comnan) a number of Phoeni every day as they begin to see the
Copyiinht RKuund, 19 IS
residents, including J. B. Rowland!.
John H. Page, A. W. Lautz, Joseph
Casscn. Dr. R. C. Fowler and Dr. U.
Uv Craig, are interested Other large
stock interests are held by parties n
New York and there are many stock
holders in Bisbee, Douglas. Tucson,
Nogales, Hayden and Ray. John K.
Frskine," jr.. of New York, was in
Phoenix this week and accompanied
by the president of the company. Capt.
William McDermott, of Tucson, sev
eral Phoenix stockholders and Supt.
Pim Pollard, of Ray. made a trip to
the mine. Upon their return Mr.
and others stated that tha
difference between the old heavy
type a limousine, from the new mod
els or enclosed cars."
I THE DAILY REVIEW WANT ADS BRING RESULTS
l Wtnt nlaTif ifara n.Ml.A miloqaa DV r. n, Wl tLtn I i
nounced t Washington early in Feb-! "Republic tires are made by the Automob.le Enflineer of the Standard
irary A few dav3 later, it was an- J Prodjium process. This process, which j y " Company
nonod here thai contracts had been I is the exclusive possession of the Re-j e know that correct lubricat.on is
"et foV a P'ant. to be built at River ; public corporation, yields a rubber! the most vital factor m the operation
Rouee. a s, burb of D.roit. where bun- j that is particularly tough and r j a motor HnjttU cold weah-
r0. it makes --kly as is the . dur, showing ,8 far beyond expee
te readv bv tpe tenin oi may, nccoru- iires ikbi johrci. mcj aic - - , -js. 1 -,i
ing to the contract. Between -O.0Q0 economy at this time."
ud 15 000 r en will be employed and
arno; r.cement has ten made that WRIGHT IN LOWELL.
'ri"!0 -,T t.B .iJ For correct cold rather lubrica-!
vr;V ':.h.UMii Itlon-the cold test of a motor oil is a:frien group and the ore extracted to
ir.. o.- i-aj """""; " .'r ' " " i ! most important feature. Upon it de- date has been from the Cincinnati and
?s it f ni:es tne ws.nr. i ue uoaia ujucij Bi,ic npnda lareelv th flexibility Dow.
ti.cn win rtart for the Atlantic Ocean, once mor back on the job. after . Pends very largely tne "eximmy. pow
j partly responsible fcr this condition. While the property of the mining
f This annoyance of a sluggish and in- company consists of 47 claims, a small
'efficient motor can be largely elimi- nuirber of which are fractional, the de-
1 nated by the use of the correct oil. velopment work is practically all upon
claims in the original Haley and Souf-
via the Detroit rirer and Great Lake3. spending part of the week in Douglas.
Months ago. autemobile makers saw
the threat o: freight congestion. Aut BOWEN VISITS LOS ANGELES,
mobiles of evory k!nl. from great J. J. Dowen of the Bisb-ee Auto com
trucUs end an-.bulances. to small, ! pany, made a hurried trip to Los An-lii-U
t-ower officers' cars were being geles during the past week.
4 Jh
sir
er developed, fuel consumption, ana
year and tear of the motor.
The cold test cf an oil is the lowest
Gladstone claims thereof. Thus the
final payment to the old owners, who
had located thes claims, beginning
in the year 19S6, now places the title
temperature at which it will flow; for: to this most valuable property in the
instance, if an oil has a cold test oi Ray Silver-Lead Mining company.
3 degrees, it will pour at that tem-j The capital stock of the company is
perature and become solid at about 5 j $1,500,000. par value $1.00, of which
degrees lower. 723.805 shares have been issued.
Oils that congeal when the weather; Froni June 1917. to December 1.
is at freezing point, or at 32 degrees1 1917, work at the mine had consisted
F.. are not suitbale for lubrication dur-1 principally of shipping ore. During
ing cold weather because the resist- j this period 62 cars of ore were shipped
ence offered to the sheeroing of the! conatining a total of 2.111.11 dry tons,
film is high, for we learn that the) After the smMter deuctions were made
value of a lubricating oil depends j he company received payment for
uoon its fluidity at the temperatures 764.245.9 pounds of lead. 4.900.52
The Lowell Motor Co. Has the Following
. Good Things to Offer This Week:
The free service of a first-class tire man and vufcanizer in the inspection of your tires.
The famous Gates HalfrSole tires.
Guaranteed for 3,500 miles; practicaHy
punctne-proof and ordinarily give from
five to six thousand miles of service.
"Never-Leak" stops the leak in ycur
radiator almost instantly.
Wajncr Motor Renovator removes the
carbon from your motor in 45 minutes, at
a trifling cost.
The Affinity Spark Plug. They are
gvaranCeed to start a motor white other
plujrs falL SclJ on mcney-back guarantee.
We have a number of used cars we are offe.i;r ?i ?.l?vac'ave prices, all in rjood order,
including Ford roadster with electric starter, M?I' c'oLle ssal rings, Bai'ey thrust bear
ings, electric lights and horn, just completely ovc:hr.u.d.
LOWELL BIOTOR COMPANY
PHONE 738
LOWELL
at which it is used: that is. a fluid oil
or one having a good cold test (prefer
ably zero) will offer very much less
resistance to the sheering of the mm
ounces of silver and 146.15 ounces of i
gold. After all smelter and freight , i
charges had been deducted, the com
pany received from the 62 carloads ,
than a thick or sluggish oil or one i tne nt amount or J39.690.fi7. These,
which has a poor cold test and is in i shipments were all from new ore bo-:
the condition of jelly in the crank! dies developed by the present com-
er
t
i r
i r
!
case.
We know that all gasoline engines
start hard in cold weather, because
the fuel does not vaporize as readily
at that time h it does durinsr warm
I weather, taxing the batteries to their
pany, the previous ore reserves de-'
veloDed by the original owners not
i. .... i i . i . . j .
beginning in DemDer, 1917, more ,
effort was directed towards develop-1
meet and equipment and less extrac-
Heat and friction
cannot hurt this tire
Why Prodiam Proctn Rubber
adds milcagm to Republic fires
Heat, the great destroyer of rubber, is caused principally
by fr'cti;ji:.
l'nijium Trocess Rubber (the wonderful new compound
used exclusively on Republic tires) possesses anti-skid and
'ractiun nualities which reduce friction to a minimum.
In addition to this, Prodium Process Rubber will withstand
a higher temperature than any material ever used on a tire.
The result is that Republic Prodium Process tires are
fclniost proof against the damaging results of over-heating.
Get a sample strip of this wonderful n;w rubber.. Try to
break it. Its preat tensile strength is another of its advajj
tiics over all other tire treads.
Western. Vulcanizing Shop
Johnson Addition
; limit If poor cold test lubricating ! oi ore iook piace. &maii gasoline
loils are used, the additional power' hoists were erected at the Cincinnati
! necessary to turn the motor over is and Gladstone shafts, these shafts
wrn: sunn an Huuiiioii-ti uiiy: .
each and well timoered, throughout
and the developm'Hit work was con
tinued from such levels. Considerable
ore was shipped from development;
work, but the plan was to get the
two mine workings in such condition !
that Ui3 costs of all operations would
be greatly reduced.
mJt-im !.' tmim n ikk inn.iV! tm i mi "iri'r'- 1
Mad in th Stylish Black Tread
I very materially increased, wnicn
I means rapid draining cf the batteries,
land consequently expensive upkeep,
i Again, if an oil of poor cold test is
I used or one that congeals in the oiling
j system during these cold mornings, it
I w ill not lubricate the motor correctly.
I because It is too thick or sluggish to
' pass between the close fitting bear
I inrs. and if used in a motor which Is
j partly or wholly lubricated by splasn.
I this oil will not be splashed to the
j cylinders, pistons and wrist pins in
sufficient quantities to insure ade
I quate lubrication until the motor has
jbeen run from 15 to 30 minutes and
(the temperature of the motor has
I thinned the oil down, during which
j time excessive wear of the moving
i parts is taken place, which means not
only expensive adjustments and re
'naira. but also excessive fuel consump
tion, and a sluggish and inefficient
motor.
This also applies to force-fed oiling
svstems. for oils of poor cold test offer
Inconsiderable resistance to the passing
j of the oil through the pipes and hol
low crank shaft to the bearings, ana
the oil does not circulate freely
enough until It has thinned down.
Another condition which shows the
Inefficiency of poor cold test oils very
plainly to the operator Is the neces
sity for frequent gear shifting.
Eastern refiners and motor car man-
tufa,oturcrs recommend light oils lor
I v.nnter and medium o'ls for summer
' lubrication, realizing that oils of ' poor
cold test cannot be used suecessiuny
during cold weather. They are com-1
oeMert to do this because light east
ern oils have a better cold test than
medium bodied eastern oils. i
Motor oils correctly manufactured'
JACKSON VISITS BRANCH. I
George E. Jackson, tbe progressive ;
motor car distributor with headquar-;
tiers in Douglas, spent Saturday nt the
branch salesroom in Low ell Ed. '
Plumb, the local manager, is now dis
playing a brand new H'liek, which has
already been sold for future deliver-,
an Oldsmobile, a Cadillac and two ;
Chandlers. 1 1
KELLY IN LOS ANGELES.
Manager Kelly of the Itrophy Gar
age and Supply company, is expected :
ho return from Los Angelfs tomor-,
row. Kelly spent the past week on j
the coast on a business trip.
GRANT WILL RETURN. !
Friends of Stewart Grant, former
Lowell motor car dealer, will be glad
to hear that he is planning to return
to this district from San Francisco,
where he is now living.
THE REVIEW
Job Department
will furnish you an estimate
on that job on short notic:
3 C'rrZSKSaSMS&Sfcw
J
God Made the Sunshine
BUT
ry lade the f ord '
A COMBINATION THAT MAKES
Healthy Wealth -Happiness
LISTEN TO THIS
It's the cheapest car cn the market,
The cert of upkeep is a trifle.
T&kes you anywhere roari or no to? ':.
Supplies obtainable anyvhif.'e on earth.
A child can hand;e it.
You can -o your own repairs.
SAY ! ANSWER YOURSELF THIS :lf it's not show you are after,
WHY BUY ANY OTHER CAR?
Come and talk it over wilh us. TERMS ARRANGED.
edgoe
JOHNSON ADDITION
Hood Sz Bl
PHONE 686
J THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MARCH 24, 1918.
SEVEN
-A
DAILY
Advertisements under this head at the rate of 1 cent p er word each Issue,
Advertisements must reach The Review office not later than 8 p. m. for
Male Help Wanted
WANTED Experienced groceryman FOR SALE Harley-Davidson motor
to manage Biuall country store. cycle, 1917 three speed. Phone 763,
Phone 103. 957 I Borderland Garage. . 44S
WANTED 2 rod men for three e-jki
work. Apply C. W. Douglas, AssL
Engineer, Box 498, Tombstone, Ariz.
444
"WANTED Experienced grocery deliv
eryman. Address Box 1491, Bisbee.
Arizona. '6
"WANTED Boys with bicycles. West
era Union. 9
LEARN actual anto repairing, book
keeping, shorthand, radio engineer
ing. Young Men s Christian Asso
ciation, Los Angeles. Catalog free.
230
Female Help Wanted
WANTED Woman to come to home
and sew. Phone 610.
122
WANTED Girl for general
work. Phone 493.
house
945
Positions Wanted
WANTED By young widow, position
as telephone operator, either in ex
change, hotel or business house.
Have had hotel office experience.
Address 321 South Olive St., Apt.
308, Los Angeles. Calif. 152
WANTED Position as clerk by a com
petent and experienced saleswoman
in a Bisbee or Lowell store. J. 3.
Review. 73
For Sale
FOR SALE Studebaker 6, series 17,
- 7 passenger, in Al condition. F. J.
Keogh, auto upholstery and paint
shop, Lowell. 8
FOR SALE: Practical reference libra
ry, 6 volumes, cost' new $25, Fell for
- $12. Books are as new. Am drafted
F. Andres. Box 68, city. 123
FOR SALE One new 3 room bouse,
small payment down, balance sama
as rent. Call 51D O. K. Trail. Otto
Johnson. Liberty bond taken same
as cash. 63
' FOR SALE Two good lots up Tomb
stone Canyon by road, $225 cash r
terms. Apply Grisham's, Opera
Heights, east of tank, by electric
light post 13
FOR SALE: A new 5 room house well
furnished, nice level yard, fruit trees
and nice garage. Part cash. Whit
mer. South Bisbee. 44
FOR SALE OH papers 25 cents per
bundle. Review office.
FOR SALF. Complete outfit for 10
room boarding and rooming house,
roomB all filled. Mrs. G. M. Howart-
er, 21 Cowan Ridge, Lowell. 923
FOR SALE Modern house, 6 rooms
FOR SALE: Furniture of a seven large lot, close in. Box 1111. Ill
room house, 11 Tank Hill. 922
IF YOU WANT A HOME I will sell
FOR SALE: 4 room modern house fur- you tne iot an(j blind you a house.
nished complete, 57A O. K. Street. Terms to suit purchaser. Wm. Me
Dougal, contractor and builder.
TYPEWRITER PAPER, good bond. Tombstone Canyon opp. Lincoln
paper, 8 1-2x11, at $1.00 per 500 1 Schto1- J
sheets. Review Job Dept. F0R SALE - Portable house or ex-
FOR SALE Complete furnishings cha ige for Ford car. Box 1347. 75S
three room apartment practically
new. , Will sacrifice. Hollen, War- F0R SALE Uncalled for suit.-. M
ren, double house straight ahead Levin Tailoring Co., Lowell. IK"
from viaduct 920 . , "
, FOR SALE Pure Dred white anc
FOR SALE 4 room- new house fur- brown leghorn chicks, $12.50 pet
nished. Laundry Hill. $250 cash. 1(0- Senl $2 Per 100 Kh order
balance like rent. Apply to M. C j ui" 'P c- - Forester's Hat
High. Allen bldg. 940 chery. Route No. 3, Phoenix, Ariz
27'.
FOR SALE At sacrifice on account
of sickness, the Home Industry fur
niture store and lodging house worth
$2100, if taken at once, $1400 cash
' will take it Inquire at Home Indus
try furniture store, Lowell. 964
RELINQUISHMENT to good tract of
land close to McNeal, $300.' E. P
Grindell, McNea!. 613
TYPEWRITER PAPER, good bond,
paper, 81-2x11. at $1.00 per 500
sheets. Review Job Dept.
FOR SALE 2, 3, 4, 5 room houses,
soft drink stand. Upper Brewery
Gulch. D. P. Rossi. 757
i'GR SALE: 6 room house, Cochise,
all improvements suitable for 2 fam
ines, $500 can handle this, balance
like rent. Apply McDougall, con
tractor, opposite Lincoln School,
limbs tone Canyon. 672
FOR SALE Fu-niture of 4 rooms 11
Bakerville. Phone 283. 188
PETEY DINK Yes, They
& Im S) a
U'!:f bps .JfcJC- i h.:,: i," ii
REVIEW WANT ADS
For Sale
'FOR SALE New modern completely
I furnished house wtth garage. Bot
210S Bisbee. Must sell at once, par-
ty leaving town. 161
FOR SALE Restaurant,
city.
Box 13S )
162
FOR ?LE Studebaker model 25 fivo
passenger in good running order,
good tires. Can be seen at Slat;
Dump Garage. . 18 i
FOR SALE In Jiggerville. 5 room
house partly furnished, arranged for
two families. Inquire after 3 o'clock
at 73 Jiggerville. 167
(FOR 3 ALE An organ cheap.
Call
172
iruscott, is i lerauy ayb.
FOR KALE S room modern house all
modern improvements, liberal terms
of nayment also 4 rooms strlctlr
modern bungalow. E. C. Byrns, post
office. Warren. 17 1
FOR SALE American Cafe,
doing good business.
Lowell
141
FOR SALE: Four room modern fur
nished house in Warren. For termt
phone Green 745. lit
FOR SALE Horse, mule, wagon anc
harness. Emil Nikolasky, Midway
Park. 120
FOR SALE Soda bottling works
Emil Nikolasky, Midway Park. 11".
FOR SALE: Furniture four rooms
complete with preference to ren.
house. Inquire 73 Jiggerville. 124
FOR SALE Restaurant Phone 261
127
FOR SALE Underwood typewriter
I price fifty dollars. Buxton-Smith Co
! - 965
FOR SALE: 5 room house furniture
complete, lot fenced. Laundry Hill
A bargain. Phone Red 805. 99S
FOR SALE 1 large corner lot at War
ren. Write to Box 23, Don Luis, Ar
izona. J3
FOR SALE Letson Hotel, on account
of sickness, $1200 cash or $1350
terms if taken at once. t6
FOR SALE 4 room house and 5 room
I house all improvements. Warren
j Apply McDougall, contractor, oppo
, site Lincoln School, Tombstone Can
! yon 15
FOR SALE 1 Willis Knight car it
I first class condition. M. W. Powell
I
FOR SALE Furniture of 3 rooms and
apartment for rent. Apply Boston
Flits, Apt. 8. 8
For Pale 3 roor.i house 208
Black
7?
RULED INDEX CARDS 5x3 inche
for sale at Review Jos Departmen'
315
Professional Cards
CHIROPODIST AND HAIRDRESSEF
scalp treatment, facial massage, mar,
icure. all kinds of hair work, comb
I ines made up. Resident trade solir
ited. Ring 492. 4C
MADAME J. REA KEYS. St. Regis ho
tel. Lowell. Ariz. Phone G2. Claii
voyant and crystal reader. Dead
trance i-pirit medium born with 8
double veil, without asking question;
gives you dates, facts and figures
and will read your entire life. 53t
DRS. NEAL AND BARNET. Veterin
arianfs. treat all kinds of animals
Irompt attention to calls, day oi
nitrht. Lowei!. Ariz. Phones No.
office No. 108. Neat's residence, 787
Dr. Barnett, residence, 718 R-2. 427
Don't Get Around Enough.
Do
- ' TV' "1
with a minimum charge of 25 cents
insertion in next morning's paper.
Furnished Rooms
FOR RENT Large furnished room
for housekeeping, lights, gas, water.
Black home, opp. Loretto School. 121
FOR RENT 2 looms. Emil Nikolas
ky, Midway Park. 118
FOR RENT Three nicely furnished
rooms for light housekeeping. No. 3
Curve St., Tombstone Canyon, oppo
site convent 107
FOR RENT Two rooms furnished.
Johnson Addition, Montana, thirty
five. 49
RULED INDEX CaRUS 5x3 inches,
for sale at Review lob Department.
3U
FOR RENT 2 furnished rooms, 207
Hi?h Road. 75
FOR RENT 2 furnished -housekeep
ins rooms, 78 Upper Lowell. 71
FOR RENT Front room for gentle
man over Royal Confectionery,
Brewery Gulch. Mrs. George Eoff.
104
lOOSE HOTEL Furnished ruomt
$2.00 per week and up. 37'.
FOR RENT Newly furnished rooms
reasonable rent The Mascot, Uppei
Brewery Gulch. 967
FOR RENT Twc well furnished froLt
roo.ns. with c without board, new
and clean. Moon stop. Star Aven-ie
brown bungalcw below concrei
house. Mrs. Bell. 19
FOR RENT Room suitable for one or
two gentlemen next door to Castle
Rock Studio. 15S
FOR RENT 3 ?urnished rooms. Ap
ply Dan Garrity, Jones Hill. Phorv
blue 696. 15fi
FOR RENT One room suitable for
one or two men to batch in, next ti
LoeIl Bakery, 14 Naco Road. 100
FOR RENT One nice furnished sleep
ing room with kitchenette, over In
dependent Fuel & Feed Co. !$-
For Rent
FOR RENT 3 room furnished house
237 School Hill. 120
FOR RENT Housekeeping rooms.
Terrace House. 12S
FOR RENT Two furnished house
keeping rooms. V. J. Shearer, 14
Laundry HilL - 115
FOR RENT Garden and dancing pa
vilion. Emil Nikolasky, Midwav
Park. ' 119
FOR RENT 3 completely furnished
housekeeping rooms, close in. Fhone
Black 79S. 4 16
FOR RENT 5 room house furnished
24 Upper Lowell. 119
FOR RENT 3 room newly papered
house. Inquire Tamany Hall or 83
Youngblood Hill. 686
FOR RENT Modern six room house,
close in. Address K., care Review.
FOR RENT Housekeeping rooms, the
Mascot Upper Brewery Gulch. 968
FOR RENT Room suitable for photo
graph gallery or tailor shop. Phone
10. 834
FOR RENT Gajage. Inquire Tam
many Hall, Brewery Gulch or 83
Youngblood Hill. 569
FOR RENT arge housekeeping
room cement vlock house, back it
El Paso house No. 142 Brewer"
Avo. 1S9
FOR RENT 2 housekeeping rooms. I.
B. Carey, Cochise Row. 165
FOR RENT New modern fine frame
house on boulevard. Warren, hard
wood floor throughout, 3rd house
froia new hospital car stop. 16t
FOR RENT Sleeping porch. Box 1665
Bisbee. 157
FOR RENT Modern 4 room unfur
nisjedbungalow, no children, Quar
ry Canyon. Hogan & Seed. Phone
10. f 150
FOR RENT Housekeeping rooms. 41
B ( K. St. 186
LOST
LOST Between Warren and Tomb
stone, 32x3 1-2 tire on rim. Reward
Maik P. John, Lowell. 70
LfOST Small folding pocket book of
no valne to anyone except owner.
Recjrn book to Review and receive
reward. W. II. De Atley. 107
( VO 5 "SVT3LV
'co GET
JOu. lV4 05ti i
I "SoviT LOGIC l EXERCISE.
Wanted
WANTED To trade an automobiie
for house. Box 2511, Bisbee, Arizo
na. 116
WANTED To buy bandy chickens. N.
O., Review. 777
I WANTED All kinds of sewing to do
I at home. Tombstone Canyon, Mr
K. E. Caraway.
159
WANTED 2nd hand pipe 1-2 inch r.n.l
' larger. Box 1397, Phone Green 6'.ni.
WANTED At once. Ford car with op
en delivery body. Must be in goot
condition. Write slating price and
( all particulars. Address Box K. S ,
I Review office. 175
WANTED One second hand Ford
roadster. Price most be reasonable
and mavhine '-.lcchanically in good
condition. Apply office of Bisboo
Fuol & Feed Company, next to Cop
per Queen Hotel. ITS
WANTED Double headed hardwood
. barrels in good condition. We will
pay $1.50 each delivered at our mar
kets in Bisbee or Lowell or at our
slaughter house. E. A. Tovrea & Co.
WILL EXCHANGE A No. 1 player
' piano for a Ford car, must be in good
order. Bisbee Box 325. 43
WANTED To rent, small furnished
cottage close in, by April 1st. P. O.
Box 112. 10
Miscellaneous
REPRESENTATIVES FOR 'NUBONE'
corsets will call and take measure
ments. Phone Green 807. Mrs. May
McDonald. 37
FOR TRADE I have 4 good lots in
El Paso. What have you? Ro
Benz, Bisbee. 125
OLD CLOTHES BOUGHT. Phone 739.
SEE MISTRESS PUFF McBRIDE at
New Art Store for fancy dress mak
ing, all work guaranteed. Phone 54.
. 779
jOSSAKD VOKSKT.S r'Uii SAt C
ALL CORSETS" FITTED 0er
Independent F-ic-l Store. U:!er
Main. 2'M
IULED INDEX' CARDS ."x3 incite-,
for sale at Review Job Department.
315
Money to Losn
$30,000 TO LOAN an improved city
property r for building, on easy
terms of payment. T. A. Kuhes,
oveY Bank of Bisbee. 26
SMALL quick loans on your personal
note to salaried men and women, al
po on furniture. Cox Loan Co. Room
2, Lyric Theatre building. 166
t Agents
AGENTS Make big profits selling our
extracts, perfumes, cold creams, face
powders, spices, ' medicines, et2.
Beautiful highra(le line. Exclusiv-s
territory. Sample soap free. Laeav
sian Co., Dept. 115, St. Louis, Mo. 13i
FIVE bright, capable ladies to travel,
demonstrate and sell dealers; J25.0C
to $50.00 per month; railroad fare
paid. Goodrich Drug Company, Dept
13!t Omaha. Nebr. 549
Business Chances.
GOOD OPENING FOR A BARBER,
best lorstion in town. See S. Felge.
Naco, Ariz. 164
REVIEW WANT ADS
BR1N3 RESULTS
Legal Notices
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR.
U. S. Land Office, Phoenix, Arizona,
F ebruary 23, 1318.
Notice is hereby given that Joseph
Stonis of Hereford, Arizona, who on
October 16. 1913, made Homestead En-
:try No. 023537 'or W SW 4, S
INW 4. Sec. 33, Tp. 23-S. R. 21-E and
'on October 23. 1519, made additional
'homestead entry No. 02SG36, for N H
NW ,i and W i NE i Section 33,
Township 23-S. T.ange 21-E, G. & S. R.
B. Meridian, has filed notice of inten
tion to make three year proof, to es
tablish claim to the land above de
scribed, before Jared D. Taylor, U. S.
, Commissioner, at Bisbee, Arizona, on
jthe first day of April, 1918.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Joseph Zaleski. Dnyton L. Grahah.
Jr., both of Hereford, Arizona; Iewls
T. Wolfe, eBn Morgan, both of Garces,
Arizona.
JOHN L. IRVIN. Register.
First Publication March 2. 191S.
Last Publication April 1, 1918.
''-;--
i
) 1'
j n
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Deoartment of the Interior
U. S. LAND OFFICE at Phoenix. Ar
izona, February 16. ms.
0'IU'E is hereby given that William
A l.yth. of Hereford. Arizona, who, on
April 12. 1913. .mnde Homestead Entry
No. 02212S, for NU.SW'4, SWUSW4.
Sec. 23. SE'iSK'i. Sec. 22, and on
April 17. 1916, m?de additional lid. En
try No. !)30i7S for S'j.NWli, SE'i
S'V4, Sec. 23 and NE!4NW". Sec. 28
"Township 22 S, Range 21-E, tl. & a. R.
B &. Meridian. las tiled notice of in
tention to make three year Proof, to
establish claim to the land above de
svnbed." before Jared D. Tayior, U. S
Commissioner, at Bjsbec, Arizona, on
the 27th day of March. 1918.
(iaimant names as witnesses:
jmii L. Parker. C. W. Perry. Columbus
T. Staltz. Moses W. Stone, all of Here
ford. Arizona.
JOHN L. IRVIN. Register
l i'tt Publication February 23, 1918.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of Interior.
U. S. Land Office, Phoenix, Arizona
Notice is hereby given that Gcorgr
W. Keahey of Bisbee, Arizona, who. oi. j
July 7, 1916, made Homestead Emp j
No. 030367, for S U section 2. Town
ship 22-S, Range 25-E. G. & S R. B.
Medidlan, has filed notice of int-rtioi
to' make three year proof, to establist
claim to the lan 1 above described, be
fore Jared D. Taylor, U. S. Commls
sioner. at Bisbee, Arizona, on the firai
day of April. 1918.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Edward E. Thomas, Charles N
Thomas, both of Bisbee, Arizona; An?
ust F. Bornego, of Lowell, Arizna
Keller Hogan, of Bisbee. Arizona.
JOHN L. IRVIN, Register
First Publication March 2, 1918.
Last Publication April 1, 1918.
NOTICE OF THE APPLICATION OF
THE BISBEE-WARREN COPPEF
COMPANY FOR A UNITED STATE'
PATENT
Mineral Survey No. 3390
U. S. Lund Office, Phoenix, March 4
191S.
Notice is hereby given that the Bis
bee-Warren Copper Company, a coi
poration organized and existing undei
the laws of tho State of Arizona, witl
Its principal office at tho city of Bis
be--, by its president and secretury
thereunto uuly authorized by resolu
tion of its beard of directors, has mad
ai plicjth n for patent for the follow
ing named lode iiiinins claims, bearin;
copper, gold and silver, situated in th
Warren Minins District of Cochist
County, Statj of Arizona, approxi
malely in Section 18, Township 2:
South, Range 25 E., and Section 13
Township 23 South. Range 24 Eas
(unapproved) described as follows:
GOLCONDA "Beginning at Cor. No
1. the N. W. Ccr., whence the W.
Cor. of Sec. 18, T. 23 S.. R. 2 I.E., G. i.
S. K. B. & M., bis. N. 81 55' W. 157.:
feet, thence S. SS 55' E. 1434.20 fee
to Cor. No. 2. tho N. E. Cor, thenc
S. 2" 24' W. tt')0 feet to Cor. No. 3, thi
S. E. Cor., thence IS. 88' 55' W. 14'J4.2.
feet to Cor. No. 4, tine S. V Cor.
tht.nce N. 2 24' E. boO feet to Cor. No
1, tne place of the beginning, contain
ing a net are of 20.57G acres."
HOLD OVER "Beginning at Cor
No. 1. the N. W. Cor, whence the W.
Coi. of Section 18. T. 23 S., R. 25 E.
G. i S. n. B. & M. brs. N. 11" 55' V
C3V4 feet, thence S. 88' 55' E. 1494.2'
feet to Cor. No. 2. the N. E. Cor.
th nc S. 2 24' W. 600 feet to Cor
Nr 3, the S. E. Cor., thence N. 88' 55
W. 1434.20 feet to Cor. No. 4, the S. W
Cor., thence N. 2 24' E. 600 feet tc
Cor. No. 1, the place of the beginning
containing a net area of 20.576 atres.'
HORSE SHOE "Beginning at Cor
No 1, the S. W. Cor., whence the Cor
for the S. W. Cor. of Sec. IS and tfct
N. W. Cor. of Sec. 19 T. 23 S., R. 23 E.
G. & S. It B. & M. brs., S. 8" 25' W
S3i.2 feet, thence N. 2" 24' E., 600 fetn
to Cor. No. 2, the N. W. Cor., thenc
S SS' 55' E. 1494.20 feet to Cor. No. 3
the N. E. Cor., thence S. 2 24' W
4:M.5C. feot to Cor. No. 4, the S. E. Cor.
thtneo S. 87' 03' W.. 1500.30 feet t
Cel. No. 1, the piace of the beginning
containing a net area of 13.767 acres."
APEX "Heginnlng at Cor. No. 1
the S. W. Cor., whence the Cor.'for th
S V. Cor., of Sec. 18 and the N. W
Cor. of Sec. 19, T. 23 S.. R. 25 E., G. e
S. R. B. & M. brs. S. 19 29' E. 870.:
feet, thence N. 12' 27' E. 327.40 fee
to Cor. No. 2, the N. W. Cor., thenct
S. 87' 18' E. 15H8.60 feet to Cor. No
3. the N. E. Cor., thence S. 12' 27' W
400.70 feet to Cor. No. 4, the S. E. Cor.
thence N. 84 32' W. 1497.90 feet tc
Ccr. No. 1, the place of the beginning
coi.taining a net area of 5.279 acret
expressly excluding area in conflic
with Horse Shoe lode of this survej
of 6.304 acres and with Sunshine lod
of this survey of 0.784 acres."
SUNSHINE "Beginning at Cor. Nc
1. the N. E. Cor., whence the W. V
Cor. of Sec 18 T. 23 S.. R. 25 E., G. t
S. R. H. & M. brs. N. 81' 55' W. 157.1
feet, thence S. 2 24' W. 150) feet tr
Coi. No. 2. the S. E. Cor., thence S
fifi 17' W. 6i;S.2i feet to Cor. No. .1
the S. W. Cor., thence N. 2 24 E
CO. "V-
fty.:-:-..
..' fit"
(CV X-L'v
LODGE NOTICES
Cards of every fraternal order in the Warren District; giving the essential
facts or each, their meeting nights, thir officers and the place of gather
ing will be found under their respective headings in these columns.
BISBEE LODGE, NO. 718.
Meets every Friday night Moose Hall
Visiting brothers cordially invited.
V. R. TONKIN, Dictator.
KAY ROSS, Secretary.
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA.
DREADN AUGHT.
L. O. L. NO. 210.
meets in L O.
nd third
yWT lV MONDAY at
3P1L 7:30 p. m.
V Visiting broth-
invited to at-
tend.
Wm. T. S.MITHAN. W. M.
ROBERT FERGUS. Secretary
P. O. Box 426, Bisbee.
BROTHERHOOD OF AMERICAN
YEOMAN
Richard I, Homestead 895, meets
second and fourth Tuesday at Odd
Fellcws' hall. Visiting Archers are
cordially Invited.
MRS. C C. FINLAYSON, Foreman
P. O. Box 1526.
E. D. STINSON, Correspondent
Box 149G. '
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD.
J?c, Lowell Camp No. 48 will
meet every Wednesday
at 7:30, Brophy NalL
II. C. LANDAU. C. C.
O. B. THOMAS, Clerk.
All Woodmen invited.
PYTHIAN SISTERS
Lily Temple No. 3 meets every 2nd
and 4th Thursday evening of each
month at Odd Fellows Hall. Visiting
listers are cordially Invited.
MINNIE BLUM, M. E. C.
Phone Black 851.
IDA GLAZE, M. of R. C.
Phone Black 420
WARREN MINING DISTRICT
;HAPTER AMERICAN RED CROSS
Executive cominittfe tueeti second
nd fourth Wcdiieidays of each monti
t . M. C. A. All members urged tc
neet and confer with committee after
-icii regular meeunj?.
ji' itsei to tc;. .o. tne iN. v . cor.,
".lence N. 66' 17' E. 6t8.20 fect to Cor.
Jo. 1, the place of the beginning, con
thnr.g a net area of 20.6i0 acres."
NANCY HANKS -Beginning at
or No. 1, the N. E Cor., whence the
V M Cor. of Sec. 18. T. 23 S.. U. 25 E..
i. fc S. R. B. & M. brs. N. 57' 26' E.
4'4 feet, thence S. 2' 24' W. 1500
aa to Cor. No. 2, the S. E. Cor.,
hence S. 66 17' W. 61S.20 feet to Cor.
o. 3. the S. W. Cor., thence N. 2' 24'
i 1..00 feet to Cor. No. 4. the N. W.
lor., thence N. C6' 17' E. 66S.20 feet
o Cor. No. 1, the place of the besin
ing. containing a net area of 19.550
cres, expressly excluding area in con
lic with Survey No. 2454, William B.
locre lode of t.l52 acres, and with
iurvey No. 3137 Jacic Pot No. 2 lode
t 0.958 acres."
The location notices of these claims
re recorded in the County Recorder's
office, Cochise County, as follows:
Golconna Boo' 57, Record of Mines
'ajre 103.
Hold Over Book 38, Record of
lines. Page 463.
liorse Shoe Book 3o, Record of
lilies. Page 33.
Apex Book 57, Record of Mines,
'age 481.
Sunshine I'.ook 30, Record of Mines
332.
Nancy Hanks Book 30, Record of
'.lines. Page 331.
The names of the adjoining claims
ret North Survey No. 33S9. Carbon-
te. Copper Wede and Sulphide lodes
'urvey No. 2425, Delta lode. East
'.urvey No. 3:;S.x. Wildflower lode. Ar.-
il Forge and Copper Era lodes, unsur-
exed. ownej by John Fitzpatrick.
louth. Copper Era lode, unsurveyed.
wred by John Fitzpatrick. Survey
'o. 2154 Vic Roy and William ii.
lcore lodes. West Survey No. 3137,
irk Pot No. 2 lode. Survey No. 3389
'a: l-onate lode.
1 he official survpy of said mining
laini being Mineral Survey No. 339U.
J. L. IRVIN. Register,
'irsl Publicatien M irch 8, 1918.
Publication May 17. 19!S.
j n. Have. A
I To vALfc 'em up ff7
1 AND powm K k J M y
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED AMERI
CAN MECHANICS.
Meets in Medigovic
Hall every Tuesday
eight. Visiting brothers
areUome.
; S. F. BENTON, Councillor.
! J. L. BENTON, Recording Secretary.
I KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS.
Rathbone Lodge No. 10,
Knights of Pythias,
meets each Thursday
(except second) in Odd
Fellows' Hall at 7:30
p. m. Visiting brothers
cordially invited.
W.TI-?"
LEON H. RICE, C C.
EARL SOBLEY, K. of II S.
F8ATERNAL ORDER OF EAGLES.
Bisbee Aerie, No. 175, F. O. E., meets
first and third MONDAYS, 8 p. m..
Eagles HaU. Visitors cordially wel
come. J. F. W1LMOTH, President.
F. C. FENDERSON, Secretary.
C. L. EDMONDSON, Aerie Physician.
LODGE NO. 671.
Regular meeting first and third Fri
day of each month. Visiting brothers
cordially Invited to attend.
R. E. WARNER, Exalted Ruler.
J. A. KELLY, Secretary.
KNIGHTS AND LADIES OF SECURI
TY, BISBEE COUNCIL NO. 2115.
Meets. every second and fourth Sat
urdays in the month 'at L O. O. F.
Hall, 7 30 p. tu. Visiting members are
cordial'.y invited.
ARNOLD SCIIMID, President
P. O. Box 3483, Lowell. Am
FREDERICK J. ATTAWAY.
Secretary, LoweiL
E LINDQUIST. Financial Secretary.
P. O. Box 3246, Lowell.
BISBEE LODGE, NO. 10, I. O. O. F.
meets every
x chu v o iiaii.
Main Btreet at 7:00 o'clock. Visiting
brothers cordially invited to attend.
Hall phone 119.
H. R. TAYLOR. N. G.
CARL V. NELSON, Secretary.
ORDER OF EASTERN STAR.
luceLB in Masonic H3l'
Peail Chapter, No. 6. mec'i
.? SL m Masonic Hall second aco
'fffj fourth Tuesday ol ea.
- month ut 7:3(1 o. m.
MRS. EMMA WOODS, W. M.
Phone 161, Box 43. Bisbee.
MRS. JESSIE BEVAN, Sec"y. P. O.
Box 2299, Chairman Relief Com,
Phone 161.
WEEK ENDING MARCH 23.
?Ionday
Tuesday
Wednesday 3rd. Degree.
uW Friday-
Saturday
W. W. GIDLEY. W. M
3. T. W ATKINS. Sey. F. & A. M.
j. W. TOLAND. E. H. P.
C. F. PHILBROOK. T. L M.
E. BENNETT. E. C.
F. S. DAVENPORT. Secretary Chap
ter and Commandery.
W. R. BANKS, Secretary CounclL
T. F. B.
FRATERNAL
BROTHERHOOD.
Bisbee Lodge No.
452 meets the 1st
and 3rd Mondays
of each month at
7:30 at Medigo
vich Hall. Visit
ing members cordially invited.
H. F. MOSS. President
MRS. C. E F1NOTTI. Treasurer.
Box 722. Tel. 236, Red.
HONORA MUNCH, Secretary
Box 1621.
"MODERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA.
Bisbee Camp No. 13415.
Meets first Tuesday at
Odd Fellows' Hall.
R. L. MOTZ. Consul.
H. F. MATIIEWSON,
Cleric.
Bj c a. voiGirr
i Mm EIGHT
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MARCH 24, 1918.
WEEKLY NEWS LETTER YOUNG ;
KEN'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION
So many inquiries about the new eers will take place. The subject up
electric light bath since the article for discussion will be "Siberia and
in the Review of a few days ago that Japan." All interested are invited,
we priiit the following sugeestionn. Mr. Reagan will lead the discussion.
rules and regulations: Purchased from
Frank"?. He: z company; has the com- Rev. Erwin succeeds Rev. Pealh
bined properties of heat, light and eraf;e as the association's extension
electricity. Man in good condition stcrticry in charge of the work ai
will .sweat sufficiently in 15 i;iinute, Lowell with the 3fth infantry. , He has
some require 25 minutes. So few men already been installed and the boys m
in ihio altitude perspire unless they khaki have have extended him a cor
are doing majiua! labor, that this bath j dial welcome.
is already nyreling a reel need. '.Villi
ward off any cold or grippe if taken i Roy Carlin. a member of the "V,"
i: t ine. Nothing like it for nervous-! who left for Los Angeles several
nrss or rheumatics, neuralgia and'montiis ago to enlist, writes from ttie
similar ailments. That headache will ! Philippine islands that he is at work
leave like the mist before the sun. j in the infantry.
Tell the "man at the desk" you wish I ' '
to take an K. L. 15.. proceed to ,the .Mr. Philhrook's American Govern
bath room, when the attendant ttkesjnwnt lecture will take place Monday
you in charge, orders you to take ajin the reading room at 7 p. m. Tlie
AT THE FAIR
spnmti
n I t:
lull
FASHION
i
ii
SHOW
Pre-Easter Display and Dem
onstration at Big B i s b e e
lukewarm bath, ciiid on your return
cabinet 'is alreadv heated; you sit
down on the revolving stool (you may
vish ?" snuirni; cabinet is then closed
and the sweat is on. Attendant snn
pl'es all the drinking water you can
hold. In a quarter of an hour you are
perspiring eoi-sl to any mucker in a
hot stope. After your "heating;" take
a rood hot shower and taper off wltn
rcuth towel. Do not leave building
under ?0 minutes afterward. Nuf sea.
Irving D. Allaru has joined the as
sociation, and at the same time Is
taking a 'lass In elementary Spanish
conversation.
subject up for discussion at the cluu
will be "The Kill of Rights in tue
Constitution."
Jean Martin has just returned from
la combined business and pleasure
trip in the San Simon valley.
Mr. Raryourt. the association's solo
ist, has now joined the S o'clock vol
leyball clv.b, and unhss- all signs fail
is going, to develop into one of the
star players.
Rcllie Olson, a member of the "Y,"
bar, returned to Bis'iee afler threw
months of traveling through California.
Gustav Ziprik, former assistant sec
retary, writes from Camp Gordon,
Ga.. company L 326th infantry. Tne
letter follows ia part: "I have not
done anything wonderful here at Camp
Gordon. Up until about a week be
fore Christmas I drilled every day
with the company, and It was some
drilling. We did more here in a week
than we did in a month at Camp Eev
ens. The supply sergeant went on a
ten-day pass at that time, so they
caed me in the orderly room to help
out until he returned. On the 5th
of January the company clerk, suppty
sergeant and two others were sent
to the third officers' training camp.
That left me alone in the orderly
room. Well, I have been the com
pany clerk ever since. I like it
c-i-PMt ileal better than drilling, al
though it keeps me quite busy at
times. I sleep ritht here in the or
derly rccm, and there is no telling
when I am to be called on to do
work for the officers."
One of our boys received a care!
from Ruben A. Rutg, dated February
20, Somewhere in France. Mr. Rugg, ?
member of our association and one
of our good bowlers, wishes to be re
membered to t'H his old fritnd3.
A week frort! touav Alonzo Critten
den will give a lecture showing I;s
v iews anout msnee. tie nas one o, i
the best collections in two of Bisbee
views frnrtl all possible angles. j
The subject for the Geology . club I
Wednesday will be "Chemical Action I
of Water on the Earth's Crust."
Earl Forer, another member, has re
turned to the city after several montns
with the Southern Pacific ailroad com
pany in San Francis,co. He claims he
could not stay away from Bisbee and
its prosperity.
Miss Ida Tarbell, the nation's most
noted public woman, famous author
and platform speaker, will address t'le
members and their friends in the big
gymnasium this coming Wednesday
tight at 8 o'clock. No children under
15 years of age will be admitted un
less accompanied by parent. Doors
will be open at 7:45, and the speaker
will begin the lecture at 8 o'clock
sharp. Under no circumstances will
seats be reserved.
The new outlines of the minmg
c!uh6 have just come out. The firs:
two on stopers and pluggers can oe
had at the desk until they give ouc
Albert House has received woru
from Ernest McNichols. a member of
the "Y," that be is now serving in
Uie quartermaster's corps at Fort Mc
Dowell, Cal., as chauffeur.
Nickie Gregovich has returned to
the district after more than six
months' service in the navy at New
York ctiy, and doubtless will remain
in Bisbee indefinitely, as he has re
ceived an honorable discharge rroui
further military service. Nlckie In
jured his arm (trior to army service.
E. M. Carter of Silver City, N. M..
is a new arrival in the camp. Mr. Car
ter has been in the employ of "ae
I'iielps Dodge corporation.
The returns from Tombstone show
that nine Bisbee men have failed to
pass the naturalization examination.
If they had been coming to the Mon
ilny night class at 6 and 7 p. tn., we
are in a position to state confidently
that they could not have failed the
tni-;st:o:is asked. They would nave
Following is a list cf new members !
and renewals who have joined fe
association during the last two week?.
Fred Eeckerton, L. T. Frazier, Br.
Walter Nason, Harry Slader. AshTey
Weathers, George B. Thaggard, Louis
Rinke, L. E. and G. E. Milton, Robert
W. Angus, W. F. Good, Peter Pierson,
F. E. Blackledge, Frederick Overfleld,
George Rafferty, S. W. Curtis, Rudolpn
Vaszuez, R. R. Walker, Frank G. Can-,
ncn. C. E. Randolph. R. A. Strachan,
Albert Scmniidt, J. D. Harris, G. Cur-,
tis, William Truax, F. F. Best, Joe
Portella. EL C. Gesswein, J. C. White,
Harry Althaus, C. Karam, Alfred Pub,
ver, E. C. Crockett, Irving D. Allaru.'
George W. Rogers. H. D. Sample, A.
Karam. T. V. Traffer, Sipi Acab. Eu
eene Ruffner, Andy Pjoin, F. F. IiTc
Leiinon, Nlckie Gregovich, James J.
Curtin, C. H. Mendendall.
antiis to t' e benches this summer. A
jcbir hat with flowing white veil be
j rcnifne.ly dr-pvl 1! ebon' the model s
Uheu'jers, tyniia! of the hot days of
I midsummer, completed Ke picture
j which made one think of a cool shady
i spot.
A street suit of dark bine with a
1 vestee was worn wi'h a stratling bat
jthat had the mauve cilor.'d winns at
la most beweitching angle,
j A well trained model wore a sleeve
Mess suit of battleship gray of Jersey
cloth with a yellow waiv to bring out
. . ,ih- colors and match the triiiini-ag
Store An Immense Success; i:.jf the suit. This was sent to The Fair
' . e j! alter the buyer had completed his
throngs Come to See and season's buying In New Ycrk, so one
... I .nav realize how late and extremely
Admire. Is-yiish it is. '
I A striped skirt worn with a yellow
' ! silk sweater, feemed to waft the sea
, ...... . i breezes so fresh ilid it appear. It is
rnu&v afternoon a ueni'iiuui irea. . , . ,
was introduced to P.ivbee in the form ! v-? Pu)ar this year
of the Spring owning at The Fair' ,A P at iJ-h is u,t"'f"; !''on'
' - i r .able, of rose colore 1 tauiie, wi.n a
I ive models that were graceful andjsha ' ":;r l"ph S de ,ur
ro-d well displayed charming gowns. "ia,le, " "Pl'ance .1th a demure
Music solt and sweet was plaved dur- rose ta,,I,e h1 to ",3,ch
ing the entire afternoon, while cama- A coatee sleeveless, of black vele!.
tkns in bright colors were given to, the kind one would expect to see
every woman present. . alon- Peacocks Row . Worn with
The store was tastily decorated baronete satin sirt and trim loo
while the displays w-re well wrung- iiR oxfords. The buyer suggested
cd. In fact the place resembled" alU'at it was a ery wise plan to buy
'arge department store of tha effetojfall goods now because It will be ex
east. Th-? effect was heightened by ' tremely scarce later on, as raw cotton
Mr. Frankenterg. interpreter, who has been quoted at 38 cents a pound,
described the attractive wearing ap-! A white crepe de chine gown ela
parel in the most effective language ; torately embroidered In green b?ads
rcssible. His talks showed that he with countless buttons, with a tunic
bas absorbed smartness and charm of! skirt that could only be worn for a
displaying gowns to the best advan. Qi!e dressy affair, was displayed.
aj;e I A misses' tailored suit with a tiered
The Spring stock was artistically coat and extremely hteh waist line
arranged and no doubt the maids and affected, is crJi-d the "chicken su.f
rratrens of Bisbee will flock in large, in the east.. Very youthful and at
numtis to the Fair to replenish their tractive. Worn with a bat that sport
wardrobes. e,l a quill that would have been the
Att afternoon gown of dark blue j envy of an Indian chi-f.
foulard combined with georgette crepe Poiret twill Is the proper material
was worn by a model with grace, while , for an afternoon dress, with bell
a hat unique and smart 'made un this ; sleeves, vet effect and beaded gayly.
costume fcr street wear. Plaid silk j bet male In the middle west called
was used effectively and the Fair has ' the Regina, war worn with this. This
a good sized stock of this material, de-: particular styla of head dress lends
spite the scarcity of this goods report-j height and a erown literally covered
ed from New York. It's popularity i with ro.;es made it surprisingly ori
here is assured. j ginal.
A summer green ccat dress with I Taking the afternoon as a whole i'i
Chinese effect, with sleeves wide and i was delightful, entertaining and' in
flowing, was worn with a white wash
able sa'.In skirt. This also caused a
stir among the spectators. It would ; f
prove a very suitable attire for those 1
lrti-1i e. The lovely wearing ap
'inre! vs th" envy of every feminine
heyrt there and every tMnc was d?
staiioi": to tempt ever daughter or
Eve.
The Fair is to be cOiiLi-.ittilated upon
Sivln tl'H YV-itr -n district Iom ;i of
(lie i - n.etropoiitaii ( imiom of pre-l-stfr
si:ov. ing
desir" to join In these meetings are
mi wWTiie. Subject for March 24
Is "Matter."
The Churches
Methodist Episcopal
. Sunday .yjiool, 9:4.1.
Public worship. 11. Theme, "Our
'"Fathers Forgiving."
Evening worship. 7:.".0. Theme, "Our
Father's Guidance."
Kpwnrlh league meeting. 6:30. Sub
Ijert. "Tiio Art of Living With Oth
' er.." Miss Anna Grafe, leader.
CHAS. W. HARSMMA.V. Pastor.
First Baptist Church i
Sunday school, S:4." a. m.
.Morning servi"e. 11 a. m. Theme,
"The Happy People."
Junior and Senior B. Y. P. I".. 6:45
p. m. Subject, "Remedies for Intem
perance." Evening service. 7:.30 o'clock.
Theme, "The Cities of Refuge."
Prayer meeting, Wednesday 7:43
p. m.
You are cordially Invited to attend
these services.
II. C. COMPTON, Pastor. .
j American
noe snming
Parlor
The only first-class shoe shln'ng
: r'cr ,n fiwn. Kir ladies, gentle
men and chiMren. We also handle
Fresh Cut Flowers Daily
FOREST FLEMING. Prop.
ALLEN BLOCK.
11
St. Johns Episcopal
Sunday school, 9:45 a. m.
Morning prayer and sermon
o'clock.
Wednesday choir practice, 7 p. m.
Holy week services. Good Friday,
7:"0 p. m.
JACOB M. WHITE, Pastor.
I
Christian Science
Cltrstiun S 'chr-e Six-i-'ty of Bisbee
holds service? every Sunday morning
at 11:1." in tho Woman's Club building
on -Qua'ity Hill; Wedii"liy evcnitis
stimony meeting at 7.4 The pub
lic is web-cne and invited to attend.
Sul,;ect for Sundav, March 24. "Matter."
Reeil;ir divine services will be con
ducted by Rev. A. J. Irwin in South
Bisbee at 11 a. m., and in Warren at
7::'.0 p. m.. Sunday, March 24. A most
cordial invitation is extended the pub
lic to attend these services.
ARREST SEAMAN.
Closing Out Odds and
Ends in
Douglas Shoes
and other makes, values
up to $5.00, now
$2.50
CARO & CO.VPANY
20 Brewery .Gulch
Prescyterian Church
Palm Sunday. March 24.
Sundav school. 9:45 a. m.
Merging worship. 11 o'clock. Ser
mcn topic, "The World's Passion Sea
scn." Young People's meeting. 6:30 p. m.
Evening worship. 7:30 o'clock Ser
mon topi':. "Neutrality."
Prayer meeting. Wednesday Mirch
27, 7:"0 p. m.
ALLAN KRICPBAUM. Pastor.
Oiv R.-vl-w T.na."-.l Vir"l !
t AN ATLANTIC PORT. March 23. !
A seaman on a United Sta'es transport
in mis port was loaay arresteo on a
charge of hindering government ac
tivities in war work by seditious ut
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
Christian Church
Cullen A. Cain, editor of the Bisbee
Daily Review, will speak at the Chris
tian church at 11 a. m today.
Bible school and C'criftian Ende3vcr
services will be held at the u?ual
"our.
Ihe Itching and Sting
of Blazing, Fiery Eczema
Infrrmnl niep'inis n'e held in War
ren every Sunday at 11 a. m. at first
cottage south of the "Y." All who
Seems Like the Skin Is on Fire.
There is a harra3sinfj discomfort
caused b7 Eczema that almost be
comes a torture. The itching is al
most unbearable, and :xe skin seems
on fire vith the bumini? irritation.
A cura from local applications of
. salves and ointments is impossible,
' because such treatment can only al-
lay the pain temporarily. The disease
I can only be reached by going deep
down to its source.
The source cf Eczema is in the
blood, the disease bewig caused by an
infection which breaks out through
the skin. That is why the most satis
factory treatment" for all so-called
skin diseases is S. S. for this rem
edy so thoroughly cleanses the blood
that no impurities can remain. Get a
bcttle to-day at any drugstore, and
you will see results from the right
treatment. Write for expert medical
advice, which ydi can get without
cost, by nddressinff Medical Director,
21 Swift .Laborator. , Atlanta. Ga.
Boys' Department
Happy Adams, one time assistant
boys' secretary, is now a mucker at
the Southwest drift.
Some further records have been
made by the boys of the intennediaCe,
employed boys and junior gym classes,
who are in a contest for individual
records, and also by teams to last un
til Friday, April 12. The new recores
are basketball goals per minule:
Junior, Leslie Gilman, 11; ipterraeCi
ate, Morris Kelly, 21; employed boys.
Douglas McGregor, 12. Running broatf. (
junior. Jack Landrum, 11 ft. 8 in.; m-i
termediate. Otis Liv'ngston. 13 ft. tf
in.; employed boy, James Fyr, 12 ft.,
6 in. Run-bou-step-and-jump, interme
diate. Ed Kelly, 27 ft. 3 in. Shot put
junior, Chauney Mitchell, 20 ft. 3 :n
Harry Harshman, one of the mem
bers of the boys' war work council
and chairman of one of the commit-
tees, is now taking an exaniinatlo-s 1
to enter the naval school at Annapolis.
Twelve boys have now signed up .
for the ping-pong tournament and play
begins Monday, March 25. The firsi
series will be as follows: Geo. Greg--ovich
vs. Carl Bresler. James Mullen
vs. Joe Cain, Eddie Clement vs. Phil
Nowlin, Howard Cain vs. John Wil
liams. Arthur Ojeda vs. Arthur Peter
sen, Eugene Cary vs. Bert Morris. '
' f &-:f . ' '
W W sl
m v w
COLONEL BARKER
GIVEN WAR CROSS
Cv Review Leased Wlre
WITH ".HE ME1UCAN ARMY IX
FRANCE, March 23. (By the A. P.)
Colonel John W. Barker, w'hose honu
is in New York state, has been award
ed the. French war cross for gallantry
in action in the Lector east of Lune
ville. Colonel Barker was cited as a Teg
mental commander of extraordinary
courage which he displayed several
times since his infantry regiment has
been on the figbting line. During a
number of heavy iKimbardnients he
directed hi men with the greatest mil
itary skill.
Colonel John XV Barker was forme.--
cu-,s,:.,:is as-ieu i ney v , a,,.,,,! to the American embassy
known who makes the la s of Ari-, aml ag an Ampr,.
zona, the number of states, and wtio
is governor of Arizona, although the
iri;ier way to get a divor.-e was not
In the course of instruction.
G. A. Graves, one of the leading
volleyball. sports, says he welthed 2i
pounds when ho b-Kan playing volley
ball this season. He now weighs 13S
pounds.
i can military observer with the British
army in France. Colonel HarKer wan
appointed to the military academy
from New York where he graduated in
lx'.i4 During the war with Spain he
was a major of volunteers.
J. C. B. Amos, without doubt the
best score bowler, is convalescing
from a mild case of the mumps.
HALIFAX TOLL 1800
fv Hov-lpw t.ens-f1 YVro
HALIFAX. N. S.. March 23. The
number of persons who lost their lives
in the disaster of De-c?mber 6. due to
'he explosion of a munitions ship was
today cficially placed at 1S00. The
chairman of the mortuary committee
The association Is in receipt of a announced that the official list con-
very Interesting letter from FranK tained 15f,0 names and that the num
Frazier, "Dad" of Yuma, Ariz. Many j ber of persons known to be missing
of fie "V"' members will remember j broucht the total of the dead to 1S00.
"Dad." or the "cowloy pianist." as;
he is known throughout the sourvj LAJOIE DENIES IT
weft. 'Dad" is now pounding the! CLEVELAND. ().. March 23.-Nano-Ivories
at t!ie Casino theatre In Yu- i leon 1 ajoie. wh"se pet-chase wis an
ma on a big pipe orcan. lie says mat ; nounctd by the Brooklyn Natl hihI
Yuma is a booming little city and that, league team, denied - ton); lit that ha
King Cotton has made her great. j won 11 report to the Brook'yn team.
j "K: .ports that I will report o ths
The Current Events club will meet Brooklyn club are not true," sail La
tonight at 7 o'clock. Election of ofn-joie. . i
ipring
Footwear
For Men
If you are looking for
good shoes you should
not fail to see our line for
Spring and Summer. You
' will find we have all the
new styles and leathers in
cur line of the BOSTON
IAN FAMOUS SHOES
FOR MEN.
Our prices for the
Springseason are under
any price you have paid
for the last two years. We
have Oxfords to offer you
from $3.50 to $9.00, but
have a large assortment
for $5.50 and $6.00 that
save you money.
Ccme in and see our
larger line and let U3 fit
you for your EASTER
FOOTWEAR.
Our make GOOD pol
icy insures SAT1SFAC-
TION.
See our window show
ing the new Spring Foot
wear. Lowell
Haberdashery
Women's Hosiery
What Is the new hosiery like for Spring?
This question you are no doubt asking your
self; and this question you can readily answei
to your satisfaction by an inspection of the
linc3 we are now showing.
They will acquaint you "with the shades
which will be profusely worn with the apparel
polors of the new season. Fabrics are of pure
silks; silk and lisle, lisle and cotton and pure
toiton. Come and view them; we here extend
to you a cordial Invitation to do so.
Children's Hosiery in a most complete show
ing of the latest Spring styles.
Novelty Ribbons
Our ribbon section Is just fairly teaming
with most every beautiful creation under the
sun. For camtsols, hair bows, girdles, etc.
The air of Easter and Springtime is most
pleasingly embodied in our array of Spring Ap
parel, and every woman in the land exhibits
a natural desire to wear new clothes at this
time of the year. No mistake will be made If
she comes here, for our array of fine feminine
apparel is the most interesting we have made.
Each individual garment possesses a style
distinction of Its own. Quality ts a paramount'
issue with each one.
The colorings and materials conform tlosely
to t! demands of Fashion. They are all mad'
to display their beauty through service shades
and are splendid examples of how Fashion and
utility go hand in hand in these war-time days.
Easter is the logical time to buy new clothes,
and the benefit of a long, full season awaits
you in this beautiful showing of new apparel.
Sea them.
The New Corsets
They portray the styles which will be worn
wi;h the new apparel this season. Among
them, we feel sure, you will find many well
suited to your type of figure; which will mould
it into lines upon which your new Suit, Skirt
or Dress will fit without a wrinkle and drape
to the perfection Of becomlngness.
These Corsets have high and low busts,
short and long hips; laced in front or in back.
These prices, make them values which will be
difficult to resist.
Veils and Veiling
.A Proper Veil Lends Distinction The only
fault one might find with cur veils Is that
there are tco many lovely patterns for choos
ing; one wants thein all!
Women's Easter Coatsjj
The new ones are so lovely words are scarce
ly adequate to do them justice. The colorings
cf Spring sand, Pekin blue, Fisher Kennedy
mixtures, navy and khaki brown among others
are delictable as the styles are different and
smart. Many novel idea3 are presented in the
new modes, mere than ever interesting here.
The New Spring Frocks
St.ictly original, fitting the needs of the present.
Frocks fcave as many versions as there are wemen and
occosiens to wear them. There are the tailored Frocks
made cf the finer woolens, or" jersey and satins. There are
the lovely Gowns which srve a double purpose meeting
most present-day requirements for afternoon or informal
evening needs.
Women's Easter Suits
Springtime would scarcely be Springtime
without a prominent place given to Suit3 in
the modish wardrobe. The new ones are suf
ficient assurance of the return to favor all suits
enjoy. One may choose Eton or lonper jackets,
skirts, plain or with tunics, but silk braid is
present on many and rows of buttons on prac
tically all.
Blouses Exquisitely Novel
'('barn.ir.g blouses with puritan collar conceits, with
soutache braid; vestoe, rool collar effects with cross tuck-in.-:,
and b'ous?s adorned with hand-embroidery and vealse
pattern lace. Naturally the return to favor of the Sutt
1 ad.s to the designing of some of the prettle.it Blouses we
have seen for scleral seasons. Priced from $3. 93 to $15.
Easter
Neckwear
A showing delightful in its time
liness with every woman intent on
her Easter dress plans. Certainly
these collars are high among the
bcf:'. Spring styles.
Many variations of the roll style
universally in favor for frock or
suit are here, and in patterns and
designs rarely beautiful. The qual
ity and weave of the lace are un
usually fine.
The Correct Millinery to Wear j
With Easter t rocks
It would bo difficult to overestimate the importance of the Easter
Hat in the Spring scheme of things. Certainly its Importance is reali
?.i d here, put.ing forth the loveliest creations of ouihentic designers,
nil in deH.htf'illy original interpretations. There is not a common
place line in them. The color combinations attained are unusual.
Flowers maintain a dignity of height for turbans. Flowers soften the
irregular lii.es that give smartness to the street hats. Flowers accent
the demure air of the directoire poke hat. So goes the mode of
Spring.
A handbag or purse Is among the
fir' new accessories sought to go
w !th the Tprlrg frocks. All ihe new
s:.y!P3 ana colorinjrs In fine leathers
and imitation leathers are here in
noteworthy assortments.
"
U. S. FOOD ADMINISTRATION LICENSE NUMEER G-13942
Easier
Footwear
We are ready with our new East
er line of footwear shown In styles
which ar9 particularly attractive,
featuring ti e leading colors, black,
white and brown, all cf which are
in harmony with the most authen
tic creations for Spring wear.
You will find it difficult to resist
purchasing a pair when you see how
lovely they are.
These first balmy days of Spring
tide ar? kodak days. If you are go
ing for a vacation or a motoring
trip tr.l.e along a kodak. We hav
a (oiiiplete ilr.d cf kodaks and supplies.
I Sec the Newest Easter Styles Displayed in Our New Show Windows