OS
TWO SECTIONS
Fourteen' Pages
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service
VOL. 21, NO. 123.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 3, 1918.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
n
Lb a
TA
lis grows HOURLY
i ITU
OVER 8010 PRISONERS ID
1600 GUNS COUNTED WHILE
ENEMY FLEES BEFORE CAVALRY
OVER PLAINS OF VENETIA AND
INTO MOUNTAIN VALLEYS OF
THE TRENTINO, ARMIES OF
GENERAL DIAZ PURSUE WITH
UNABATE VIGOR '
WEST FRONT ACTIVE
HUN FALLS BACK BEFORE AMER
ICANS; BRITI8H SURROUND
AND PASS VALENCIENNES AND
LEQUESNOY POSITION OF HUNS
IS IN DANGER
UNDATED WAR LEAD, (By
the Associated Press.) Over the
plains of Venetia and into the
mountain valleys of the Trentino
the Italian and allied pursuit of
the demoralized Austria-Hungarians
goes on unabated. In France
the German defenses are shaking
under the assaults of the British,
French and Americans. West of
the Meuse the enemy is retiring
before the Americans.
Austrian emissaries have been given
the armistice terms of the allies and
have returned to their own lines,
where the Austrian command has
them under consideration. Meanwhile,
an Italian naval contingent has raid
ed the great base of Pola, while al
lied warships are on their way to
Triest, to take command of a situa
tion made serious by fleeting Austrian
soldiers..
The allied ministers and delegates
continue their deliberations urer the
German armistice terms.
From west of Asiago to the Piave
the Italians are pressing into the im
portant valley leading to Trent and
are well beyond the old Austrian fron
tier notheast of Asiago. West of the
Brenta the Italians have forced their
way into the Nos valley leading to
ward Grigno, while further east they
have penetrated into the important
Sugana valley, the main pathway of
the Austrians retreating from the Ital
ian mountain zone. In the Belluno
area the Italians have crossed the
Piave near Busche and northeast of
Belluno are pushing up the Cordevol
valley toward Longarone. On the
Venetian plains, Italian cavalry has
crested the Cellina-Meduna river, six
miles east of the Tagliamento, and are
racing to reach the crossings of that
river. In their advance the cavalry
overcome strong Austrian resistance
in the region of Pordenone and north
ward. Further south the third army
continues its pressure on the front im
mediately north of the Adriatic. More
than 80,000 Austrian prisoners and
mora than 1600 guns already have
been counted "by the armies under
General Diaz.
Marshal Foch continues to smash
the German defenses on vital sectors
of the western front On the north
Valenciennes has been taken by the
Canadians and the bitterly contested
town is now behind the British ad
vancing toward the Franco-Belgian
border. North of Valenciennes the
British have Tournai within their
grasp while to the south the German
position at Lequesnoy is most serious.
The capture of Valenciennes and
the strong positions around it mili
tary observers have pointed out, prob
ably will compel the Germans to car
ry out a withdrawal movement on a j
large scale north and south. The line I
of the Scheldt has been turned by the I
success around Valenciennes and Mau-1
beuee and Mons are threatened by the i
outflanking of the natural barrier of!
the Mormal forest. In Belgium the
British, French and Americans con-1
(Continued on Pace Five)
Austrian Flagship Torpedoed
And Sunk By
Lieutenants;
WASHINGTON, Nov. 2. Th
Austrian superdreadnaught Veri
bus Unitis, the flagship of the
Austro-Hungarian fleet at the na
val base at Pola, was torpedoed
and sunk Friday morning by an
Italian "naval tank," which, man
ned by two' officers, succeeded in'
penetrating the mine field at the
entrance of the harbor. An of
ficial dispatch from Rome re
ceived tonight, said it is believed
YANKS GATHER LOOT
OF BATTLE FROM HUN
IN MUNITIONS FORM
WITH THE AMERICAN ARMY
NORTHWEST OF VERDUN, Nov.
2 (By the Associated Press) 8
p. m. More than 60 cannon, scores
of 77's. dozens of ISO's, numerous
howitzers cl various calibers, and
hundreds of machine guns were
captured by the Americans during
the advance of Friday and Sat
urday. Vast quantities of ammuni
tion and war material of all kinds ;
fell into their hands.
II
IN HOME LANDS
OF OUR ENEMIES
Thousands Gather Around
Palace of Hun Emperor,
Shouting for His (Abdica
tion; Bloodshed Frequent
(By Review Leased Wire)
AMSTERDAM, Nov. 2. Shout
ing "Down with Wilhelm!" "abdi
cate immediately!" a crowd of
-several thousand, despite police -efforts
to disperse them, 'today
reached the royal palace at Stutt
gart. Some mounted the palace
railings clamoring for deposing
of the emperor, according to the
Weser Gazette. After several
scrimmages and exchange of
shots, police drove the mob away.
The demonstration was the sequel
of a meeting of independent socialists
at which resolutions were passed de
manding the establishing of a socialist
republic.
At a meeting of the progressive
party at Munich Profesosr Quidde, a
deputy in the landlag, declared:
"Vital interests of the German peo
ple demand the emperor's abdication."
A resolution was adopted demand
ing the emperor abdicate to attest to
the sincerity of Germany's conversion
into a people's state.
NATIONAL ASSEMBLY RESIGNS?
AMSTERDAM, Nov. 2. The German-Austria
state council, according
to a dispatch from Vienna has Issued
a proclamation to the soldiers at the
front saying that the government has
been taken over by the national as
sembly, which will immediately con
clude peace and begin orderly demo
bolization of the army.
FIGHTING IN STREETS
COPENHAGEN. Nov. 2. The last
telegram received tcftlay in Berlin
from Budapest said that sanguinary
street fighting was in progress be
tween Hungarian and Bosnian troops.
Since then telegraphic and telephone
communications have ceased.
MOBS RELEASE PRISONERS
LONDON, Nov. 2. Budapest is be
flagged, according to a German wire
less message received here today and
man public demonstrations of broth
erly feeling are occurring. Troops sent
by the national council have liberated
troops which were locked in barracks
by the gendarmes.
Lejtner, who recently attempted to
kill Count Tisza and who was arrest
ed early in October, has been set free
(Continued on Pace Three)
Daring Italian
Run Guantlet
the two officers survived, al
though they probably were cap
tured by the enemy.
The officers who carried out
the daring feat were Lts. Rassaele
Rosseppl, and Rassaele Paoluccl,
the dispatch said. The "naval
tank" used In entering the har
bor was described by naval offi
cers here as a small vessel, simi
lar to the eagle boats, now being
built for the United States navy.
DISORDERS
GROW
PERSHINuS
MEN
UE DRIVE
AND TAKE FOSSE
This Represents Gain of Four
Miles From Starting Point;
Hun Lines Give Way Very
Suddenly
WITH THE AMERICAN
DUN, Nov. 2 (By the Associated
Press). At 5 o'clock this evening
the American advance west of the
Meuse had progressed to a line
north of Bois Des Loges; north
ward to west of The Norgues;
north, northwest of Buzancy to
Fosse; northwest of Nouart, thence
to Villers-Devant-Dun, to one kilo
meter north of Doulcon, to the
Meuse; thence following the Mense.
WITH THE AMERICAN FORCES
NORTHWEST OF VERDUN, Nov. 2,
(By the Associated Press, 7 p. m.)
General Pershing's forces continued
their attacks in the region west of the
Meuse this afternoon and captured
Fosse. This represents an advance of
four miles from the starting lines
through Bayonville.
The opposition was especially defer
mined on the left and right and the
American center had . pushed forward
considerably further than had either
wing. Though the center had intend
ed to continue and to attain its day's
objectives, it was apparent there
would soon have to be a pause if the
troops were not to be flanked.
So certain were the military com
manders that the Germans would not
.break that the chief of staff of the
troops in the center belittled the re
port arriving about 2 o'clock this after
noon that the town of Fosse hi.d been
taken
One hour later, however, reports be
gan to come thick and fast. The first
shewed that resistance against the
American left N had unaccountably
ceased. Then came reports indicating
that the right wing was moving ahead
at marvelous speed.
The first intimation that the enemy
was retreating came from the fourth
French army, which was advancing
to the northeast. Within a short time
various American units from all parts
of the line announced that they also
were advancing and were finding the
resistance, which was so. marked all
morning, melting away on the right.
Even troops in motor trucks had not
been able to catch up with the en
emy.
The Americans were not slow in roi-
lowing the advantage on the left wing,
which had met with the most serious
resistance and began to press forward
immediately in the Bois Des Loges on
the heels of the Germans, clearing up
all who lagged behind. They pushed
their line northward for nearly a mile.
Champigneulle, a strong point in the
Freya defense line, had been taken
earlier in the day and the troops who
had rushed it pressed forward and
swept through Verpel, after partly sur
rounding the town.
Through rain and mud the Amer
icans advanced toward Thenorgues, a
mile and a half north of Verpel. The
enemy had been expected to hold
there for it was a strong position but
very little resistance was met when
the village was entered.
Troops further to the rigut con
tinued their victorious march and
fought their way beyond Buzancy to
Fosse, a strong point nearly seven
miles beyond yesterday's starting
point and two and a half miles north
of Bayonville.
Bayonville is an important strategic
point, known as the heart of the Freya
stellung. With its capture the Amer
ican troops had broken the Germans
last organized defenses. The troops on
the right, who had been able to ad
vance only jtfst past Clery-Le-Grand
yesterday caught the mysterious signs
of the sudden giving way or tne uer
mans and pressed forward and into
and passed Clery Le Petit. They over
came the lingering machine gun re
sistance in Barricourt wood and cap
tured Villers-Devant-Dun. -Here the
enemy launched a counter attack
which failed; then the Americans
moved forward again and occupied
Daulcon.
The total advance averaged more
than two and a half miles on a 14 mile
front, but was considerably greater at
points. Numerous prisoners and heavy
guns were taken and the enemy leit
manv ammunition dumps bo hastily
that they could not be destroyed.
ONE LINE INTERVENES
WITH THE AMERICAN ARMY
NORTHWEST OF VERDUN, Nov. 2,
(By the Associated Press.) To the
nortb of the advancing Americans who
have broken through the Germans'
ONI
(Continued on Page Three)
ANOTHER DECLARATION. OF INDEPENDENCE IS SIGNED
6..
Mid-European onion
The second great declaration of
independence was sifrned in Inde
pendence Hal), Philadelphia, re
cently. .Members of the Mid
European nations, representing
the European nations who have
asserted their independence and
wf.nt to conduct their affairs free
from oppression by ' Austrian or
German rule, signed i the declara
MAJORITY FOR
THEMES
Both Democratic and Republi
can Campaign I lead Claim
to Have Cinch on Election
Results
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, Nov. 2. Victory In
Tuesday's congressional election was
claimed in tonight's statements issued
by democratic and republican cam
paign leaders.
Homer S. Cummings, acting chair
man of the democratic national com
mittee, predicted the democratic ma
jority in the senate would ' be in
creased by the vote to be taken in 39
senatorial contests and that the dem
IV .... t f:Jj. . 1
SJiii ii:v..k:U-.niMiiiniiriViaiii him imr ifft 1 1" r i n mi in --- -'..fellU.iiiw
MANAGERS CLAIM
ocrats would make gains in the house
of from 30 to 60 members.
Republicans will control the next
house of representatives by a ma
jority of 25 members. Representative
Fess of Ohio, chairman of the na
tional republican congressional com
mittee tonight declared. While no
formal statement was issued by the
republicans as to senatorial contests,
leaders of the party predicted that
the next senate would be republican
by a margin.
In his analysis of the political sit
uation, Chairman Fess said that 230
congressional districts are "safely"
republican; 172 are "safely" demo
cratic and 33 are doubtful. The most
noticeable gains claimed by the re
publican chairman are from Ohio, his
own state, the present delegation
from which includes 12 democrats and
9 republicans, with one seat vacant.
Fourteen seals will go republican,
five to the democrats and three are
doubtful, Fess said.
Twelve states with 36 seats are
claimed as solid republican by Chair
man Fess, as follows:
Delaware, Idaho, Iowa, Maine, Ne
vada, New Hampshire, New Mexico,
North Dakota, Oregon, Vermont,
Washington and Wyoming. Seven
states, all in the south, with an ag
gregate of 64 members of congress,
are conceded by Representative Fess
te the democrats.
"Our advices from every state point
to a sweeping democratic victory,"
said the statement issued by Chair
man Cummings. "The democratic ma
jority in the next senate will be In
creased and we will control the house
by a substantial majority. Reliable
estimates of net gains by the demo
crats range from 30 to 60. The tide
is running strongly in our favor, es
pecially in the middle west and far
western states, with a pronounced
drift toward democratic candidates in
every state."
Campaign committees of both par
ties tonight continued to Issue state
ments. Secretary Daniels issued a
statement, saying.
'Sliall the AmerUan well-defined
position continue to be voiced by one
responsible leader in the personal of
the president, or shall we substitute
for unified command a discordant and
differing debating society? Every
(Continued on Page Threa) I
X.S U-W X ' . A
representatives ouprd around Liberty Bell in Philadelphia.
tion during a conference. Plans
for working in harmony in obtain
ing their independence were out
lined. Seated directly in front of
the crack in the Liberty Bell in
the photo above is Dr. Thomas G.
Masaryk, president of the Czecho
slovak national counciL Others
in the photo are Captain Stoica of
the Roumanian league, the man in
Commercial Plea
Of Hundom For
Immediate Peace
AMSTERDAM. Nov. 2. (By the
Associated Press.) German bank
ing and commercial men after a
meeting, have sent the govern
ment a declaration in favor of ac
ceptance of the entente's armis
tice conditions, according to the
German papers.
The declaration presents au .
argument against those who hope
for an improvement of the situa
tion from a continuance of the
war and demands measures filr
facilitating peace, even if sacri
fices are required.
DRAFTED M
ENTRAIN BEFORE
21ST. OF MONTH
Arizona Will Send 127 to
Camp Cody and 644 to
Kelly FieJ4, According to
Washington Orders
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. Nov. 2 Draft calls
for the mobilization of 290.773 addi
tional men at army training camps
before November 21 were announced
tonight by Provost Marshal General
Crowder. Between November 11 and
15. It was announced, 253,335 white
men physically qualified for general
military service will entrain, making
the largest single call issued under
the selective service act.
The remainder of the November
total, as far as announced, will be
made up of negroes for entrainment
November 19 to 21.
With the assembling of the men
provided in these calls at camp the
total number of men inducted into
military service under the draft will
have passed the 3.000,0H) mark, and
the number of men in the United
States army, in the field or In train
ing, will total more than 4,000.000.
Men who registered September 12
under the act extending draft age
limits will make up the largest pro
portion of the November mobilization
as the eligible list remaining from
previous registrations largely was ex
hausted by the October calls. Thoush
the October calls were suspended be
cause of the Influenza epidemic,
nearly all have been re-issued during
the lust three weeks. In states where
the calls have not been re-issued, men
called for camp in October will leave
with the men called for this month.
Calls for additional men to entrain
later this month are In preparation, it
was said today at the office of the
provost mnrshal general. Entrain
ment by states and camps of the 203.-.
3"5 white registrants wil include the!
following.
Arizona 127. Camp Codv, N. M ;
644. Kelly Field, Tex.; total. 771.
California 2.000, Camp Lewis,
(Continued on Pays Three)
uniform; Messrs. Ilinkovitch and
Vosjnsk, Jugo-Slavs; Dr. Miller,
Czeeho-Slovak; Maj. Smith Chenul
and Dr. Szlupas, Lithuanian;
Amaglia and Tomoralli, Italian;
Messrs. Zeatkovitch, Russian;
Miliauka, Lithuanian; Dako, Al
banian; Smetanka, Czecho-Slovak;
Lupu, Roumanian, and Voikapac,
Fin
SUPREME
COUNCIL
PLANS TERMS OF
PEACE WITH HUN
- xr:LJ U.!trv regiment, with ambulance batta-
vjcrmoiijr iui inmu.aW iter bU eJeven ,wehe mr
-- Disarmed Armies 30 Miles' l"en- Flel(1 "P'tal 102- ,,n fJdltion
jthens are ewrtam air service training
Within Her Bounds Before
Any Armistice
(By Review Leased Wtro
WASHINGTON, Nov. 2. The
supreme war council at Versailles,
it was learned today through dip
lomatic channels, has under con
sideration the starting point in
framing terms of aa armistice
proposes that Germany be re
quired to withdraw her armies
without their military supplies or
the loot being carried from France
and Belgium to a zone 30 miles
to the German side of the Rhine,
and that the entire German navy.
Including submarines and the
Heligoland fortress be surren
dered. From a military point of view, the
proposal that the German armies be
disarmed and retired 30 miles beyond
the Rhine is classed only as tanta
mount to an absolute surrender. It
would not only tlirow open to the
allied and American armies many
roads to Berlin itself, but with the
surrender of railway rolling stock de
prive them of means to retrace their
steps or fight if they would.
President Wilson continued today
to keep in close touch with the war
council at Versailles through his per
sonal representative. Colonel House.
No one in Washington outside of the
Inner official cin-le knows the extent
of Colonel House's powers. They are
believed to be large but not to Jb.e
extent of authorizing conclusion of
any binding agreement for an armis
tice or peace without approval of the
president.
MUST CONFESS DEFEAT.
(i:v Review lrf-nacd Wire)
WASHINGTON. Nov. 2 In answer
ing terms of armistice to be submit
ted by the p.ilies and the I'nited
States, Germans "must . say whether
they confess they are beateu." Andre
(Continued en Paic Three)
Christian Scientists Will
Test Validity of Ordinance
Prohibiting Gatherings
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Nov. 2.
Announcement that services
would be held here tomorrow at
the Ninth Church of Christ, Scien
tists, was made tonight after a
series of conferences between the
representatives of various Chrls
tlon Scientist churches of the city
and city health and executive offi
cials. The announcement Indicated
the action had been decided upon
FRANCO-YANK
DRIVE HOLDS
IMPORTANCE
NEW ATTACK ON BOTH SIDES OF
ARGONNE HAS FORMED POCK
ET IN GERMAN LINES INDICAT
ING NECESSITY FOR EARLY
WITHDRAWAL FROM FOREST
ARIZONA BOYS FIGHT
CHIEF OF STAFF SAYS EIGHTY
NINTH DIVISION WAS REPORT
ED IN ACTION BETWEEN AR
GONNE AND MEUSE OCTOBER
, 20; INFLUENZA CONTROLLED
(By Review Leaned Wire)
WASHINGTON. Nov. 2 The de
bacle of Germany's allies rs being
pressed to completion. General
JIareh said today, and the events
of the past week in the world war
have resulted in the concentration
of enemy resistance in one nation.
Resistance of the Germans on the
west front has continued and the
greatest allied advance has been regis
tered on the Italian front where pro
gress of 37 miles hasbeen made. Gen
eral March said the object of the allies
' on this front was the cutting of the
i Austrian line or withdrawal. "This
has been accomplished." he added.
General March identified the Amer
ican forces in Italy as the 332d infan-
units.
General March said the 89th di
vision (Kansas, Missouri, South
Dakota. Colorado, New Mexico
and Arizona) was last reported in
action October 20 between the Ar
gonno and the Meuse.
The 9Uth division (Texas and Okla
homa) was reported in action with
the first army west of the Meuse on
October 23.
The new Franco-American attack on
both sides of the Argonne already the
chief of staff explained, has progress
ed to such an extent that a decided
pocket has been formed "in the Ger
man lines, indicating the necessityof
an early withdrawal from the north
ern portion of the Argonne forest. This
would bring the American forces with
their heaviest artillery nearer the
maiii German railway line through
Stenay.
General March announced that in
fluenza conditions among troops arriv
ing in France have improved so ma
terially that deaths from the disease
practically have stopped. A- recent
transport convoy carrying 23.000 men
arrived at the American rcrt of de
barkation, he said, with only 7S cases
vt influenza.
TWO BADLY INJURED.
(Bv Review Leased Wire)
AUSTIN. Tex., Nov. 2. Lieut. Ir
win Newman of Cherrydale. Va.. wis
fatallv hurt and his companion. Lieut.
cioggett, injured when an. airplane
they were flying from Rich field fell
100 feet at a landing 1 lei i here today.
Lieutenant Newman died'n a hospital
shortly after the crash.
BILL REVISION SUSPENDED
(Bv Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, Nov. 2. Revision
of the $8,000,000,009 war revenue bill
was suspended today by the senate fi
nance committee until November 8.
to allow members to participate in
lections next Tuesday and to afford
time for a recapitulation of Uie com
mittee's work done to date.
as a means of testing the con
stutionality ordinance under
which the Los Angeles board of
health forbade all public gather
ings. Including church services,
during the prevalence of influenza.
In this city. It drew from Chief
of Police Butler a statement that
he would Instruct his lieutenants
to take such action as they deem
ed necessary to enforce the board
of health regulations. THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 3, 1918.
ALL X'mas Packages must be mailed by 1
November 30. This is a new Govern-
fCll Peach Stones. This store is a de-
pository for Dry Peach Stones and Nut
I OA7 LIBERTY PEACH STONE BARREL AT
I OneilS. THE MAIN ENTRANCE TO OUR STORE.
merit Order covering X'mas Shopping.
4-
fWO
1 -LML
Every law of self
interest demands that
expenditures shall
reach to the greatest
lengths possible with
out the sacrifice of
quality.
TIEIFAK:
mm fx v
j t,- , ,. ,..,. ,
FTillJ Tru
' II tf
-ine
3x
.'."ii..-v"
.'tJiltJi'. t.i
Every law of econ
omy and conservation
will find their highest
principles a matter of
daily concern in the
policies of this house:
HI
1
Mouse - oi Mervaay service
r
mh-3imT Ik
t
Fashionable Wool Jersey and Serge Dresses
Just the style for these cool days and all the popular shades, prices to suit every purse.
$19.75, $22.50, $25.00, $32.50, $35.00 up
SECOND FLOOR SEE WINDOW
Smartly Tailored Suits
New arrivals, just in time to include with Sunday's store news. An unusual opportunity
is thus afforded on the prettiest of new winter suits. The selection includes, serge, poplin,
velours, silvertone, and broad cloth, prices
$25.00, $29.50, $32.50 $35.00, $37.50, $39.50, $45.00 and up
SECOND FLOOR.
Warm and Fashionable Coats
In all those colors and shades that a je in favor, all the new collar features are represented,
just the coat you are looking for at the right price, '
$25.00, $29.50,. $32.50, $35.00, $39.50, $45.00, 49.50 and up
SECOND FLOOR.
New Arrivals in Plaid and Fancy Skirts
In all the prettiest combination of colors, just the skirt to wear with a sweater, prices range
from '
$10.00, $12.50, $15.00, $18.50, $25.00 and up
SECOND FLOOR.
At this season of the year, when sudden
weather changes create a quick necessity for a
change to warmer apparel, then the big, broad
policies'of this house stand out at their best.
Always prepared to meet every emergency,
every demand; shoppers find what they want
when they want it. Garments of fashion, good
service and carrying With them savings which
fit in splendidly with the necessities of the
times.
Perfectly asorted and very complete col
Iectcions of fall and winter apparel awaits youi
selectcion and every piece bears an extraor-"
dinary low price. A price which we very con
fidently claim cannot be found in Bisbee on
garments of similar kinds.
Every woman owes it to herself to be pre
pared for(colder weather and she owes it to the
family purse to give these collections care
ful consideration.
Women's Outing Gowns
In white, with and without collars, also Blue and white and pink, made
with double yoke, long sleeves, cut full and long, prices $1.50 up to
$2.50, including large extra sizes SECOND FLOOR.
Children's Outing Gowns ffiS'
with feet. White and colors, sizes, 2 to 14 years, price....$1.00-$1.25
SECOND FLOOR.
New Veils Just Arrived
All sizes and colors I...$1.50 to $5.00
(Suitable for street we ar or for traveling.)
N
SPECIAL FOR MONDAY ONLY
Women's Large
"Coverall"
Aprons
. Dandy good quality gingham, price
$1.29
Made with kimona sleeves, pockets
and belts, well trimmed in pretty
braid, also in plain shambry gingham,
blue, pink and tan. Sizes 36 to 42.
SECOND FLOOR
Autumn Hats
SPECIAL
whites' y
-Pretty models in all colors. Some 'njH
dressy, large afternon hats; some
dandy tailored sailors and nifty
close fitting suit hats.
Trimmings are all up to dae,
worth from $8.50 to $10.00
Special price $7.50
Second Floor Millinery Dept.
1 h?!-,
WHEN YOU BUY CLOTHES NOW,
BUY GOOD CLOTHES
America's tomorrow depends on your thrift
today. So you're doing the fair thing when
you demand reliable materials, fashioned with
good tailoring into smart style, as in
Adler Collegian Clothes
which we are showing in men's suit3 from
$25.00 to $45.00
Overcoats from $22.50 to $35.00
CLOTHING DEPT SECOND FLOOR
"STFPjy - 1 Stierink fnr All
AJaW 7ook
ENTRANCE REAR x t trwfv
SUBWAY (f Sy$1?&PJ9 MAIN Your fihance ,( a Iife timC
STREET KS& J?rjr&Ls B'JILDIMC to save by spending.
WOMEN'S SHOES AND MISSES SHOES sizes 22 to 52. $3.45 and $3.95
values. Special 45 and $3.95 values. Special $2.95
WOMEN'S HOSE Pink and light blue. 20 c value. Special, pr 15c
200 DIFFERENT PATTERNS OF GINGHAM. Special at. yd 19c
MEN'S BLACK SATIN SHIRTS, sizes 1 4'2 to 1 7, value $1.25. Special, each 89c
r
Men's Furnishing Department
Medium and heavy weight, shirts and drawers.
per garment.'. $1.00 to $3.50
MEN'S WINTER WEIGHT UNION SUITS, per
suit $2.00 to $7.50
SPECIAL HEAVY WOOL SWEATERS Jum
bo and '-'Shakerknit,' large collars $4.95
MEN'S KHAKI SHIRTS, full cut, with low col
lar, two buttons through pockets, price, $2.00
each, size 14 to 7y2-
MAIN FLOOR-OMEN'S DEPT.
v y
or7
Delicatessen
Delivered to Your
Boys in France
ASK FOR INFORMATION
Mail Orders
and Phone
Orders Filled
: CMAS Vv-SHOPPINGW
on
EARLY THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 3, 1913.
THREE
y
inn limn?
niirrii
f,ak wunn uicn
ENDORSEMENT OF
Associated Organizations Will
Soon Commence Campaign
for Funds, Given Strong
Testimonial
Endorsement of the united war
work campaign to be conducted in be
half of the Y. M. C. A.. Y. V. C. A..
National Catholic council. American
Library association. Salvation army,
Jewish Welfare board, and War Camp
Community service, has been an
nounced by the national council of de
fense, at Washington, in a resolution
which cites reasons for the endorse
ment. A copy of the resolution was
received in the Warren district yes
terday afternoon.
The resolution declares that the
work of the seven allied organizations
is one emphatically in the national in
terest to promote the comfort, con
tentment and efficiency of soldiers
and sailors end to maintain their
morale. It declares that the campaign
should command the full support nt
the American people. State councils
of defense throughout the nation are
called on to generously assist in ev
. ery manner in assuring the success of
the campaign, placing their state,
county and community machinery at
the disposal of the joint drive organ
ization. The resolution follows:
Council of National Defense
'Washington
September 10. 1918.
Whereas. The war department lias
officially endorsed and the president
of the United States has likewise
sanctioned the joint drive for ?170,
500,000 to be conducted by the Young
Men's Christian association, the
Young Women's Christian association,
the National Catholic War council, the
Jewish Welfare board, the War Camp
Community service; the American
Library association and the Slvtion
rmy, from November 11 to IS inclu
sive. 191S, and
Whereas, The council of national
defense, composed of the secretaries
of war, navy, interior, agriculture,
commerce, and labor, believe that the
service which these agencies are ren
dering to promote the comfort, con
. tentment and efficiency of our sol
diers and sailors and to maintain
their morale, is emphatically in the
national interest, and that therefore
, the forthcoming campaign should com
mand the full support of the American
people, and "
Whereas. The council of national
defense believes that in view of the in
evitable continued increase in the
army and navy, a generous and full
subscription to the said fund is high
ly desirable in the national interests.
Therefore, be it Resolved, That the
council of national defense in endors
ing, as it does endorse, the purposes
of the said joint drive, direct, and it
does hereby direct, the state councils
section of the council of national de
fense to request the state councils of
defense throughout the nation to do
everything in their power to assist in
making the campaign in question a
complete success, placing their state,
county, and community council ma
chinery at the disposal of the joint
drive organization.
BILL REVISION SUSPENDED
(Vy Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, Nov. 2. Revision
of the $8,000,000,000 war,revenue bill
was suspended today byhe senate
finance committee until November 8,
to allow members to participate in
elections next Tuesday and to afford
time for a recapitulation of the com
mittee's work to date.
War is also more to do and fewer
to do it. Boston Herald.
A VOTE
"OVER HERE"
will be appreciated
"OVER THERE"
t: ; :. rc - -S4
htm .-Ji . i iri n i ..-
Lieutenant Maddcck
(In France)
FOR
Representative
in Congress
V'-'.g
I
DEFENSE COUNCIL
'JL
t X
LAUNCHING DEVICE IS
PATENTED BY A
PHOENIX CITIZEN
INVENTION PROMISES TO BE IM
PROVEMENT FOR THE LANDING
AND LAUNCHING OF AIR
PLANES FROM WAR SHIPS
PHOENIX, Ariz., Nov. 2. An aerial
landing and launching appliance, so
designed as to be easily attachable
to al seagoing vessls. has been in
vented by Frank Steffan of No. 913
North Sixth street. The invention is
devised to solve the, problem of naval
air navigation. The device has been
patented in the United Stalt with pa
tents pending in all foreign nations.
Stefi'an's invention makes it pas
Bible, he declares, for 1 airplanes to
make safe landings on any ship to
which his appliance is attached, re
gardless of the speed of the ship or
the airplane. Flying from the appli
ance is also possible, the inventor de
clares. The appliance consists of a long rod
etxending approximately 50 feet out
over the water. The working model
constructed by the inventor is attach
ed to the model fighting mast a
model paterned after the steel fighting
masts of Uncle Sam's dreadnaugh.s.
Below the rod is a curved rod which
is loosely mounted. The airplane is
provided with u hook on the top of the
wing. The airplane flies toward this
curvtd rod and when it comes in con
tact with the rod it carries the same
around, .making a 310-foot circle.
friction clutch, a part of the inven
tion, is then applied, bringing the air
plane to a gradual stop. The curved
rod is then released and the aviator
is lowered to the surface.
In flying from this appliance the
curved rod is br-usht into position
.vith a small book, attached tc the
larger landing hook. The airplane is
then brought into position after the
motor has been started. The aviator
flies around this tower until such time,
as he has sufficient speed to life when
released. Unlike other launching de
vices, this one is constructed so that
the flier himself is the sole judge as
to when he is. to be released. After
he takes his lilt the friction clutch is
arplicJ. thus preventing accident.
Steffan, the inventor, has been
working on this appliance for 10 years.
He was one of the charter members
of the California Aero club and wit
nessed the first airplane landing ever
made on a battleship. This was ac
complished by Aviator Ely at San
Diego in 1910, two years after Steffan
began work on his invention.
The appliance is so constructed that
it can be attached to a fighting ship
at the top of the steel mast. There
need be no interference with any oth
er appliance on the ship, and in this re
spect, if no other, the invention seems
to have an advantage over others. All
other forms of landing devices are so
constructed that they interfere, in one
way or another, with activities aboard
the ship. There is no other dt vice
made that is a combination landing
and launching appliance.
Working model or .the appliance was
exhibited to Congressman Carl Hay
den during bis recent visit here, and
he was so favorably impressed with
it that he communicated with Senator
Ashurst at Washington. Tha model
held by the owner is to be taken to
Washington within the next lew
weeks to be demonstrated before the
aircraft board.
DRAFTED MEN TO
ENTRAIN BEFORE
21ST OF MONTH
'Continue from Pago On)
Wash.; 13.04.1 Kelly Field; total. 15,
049. Colorado 2.230, Camp I'ike.
New Mexico 2.123, Ca.np Cody.
New Mexico 105, Fort Rosecrans,
Cal.
Texas 3.000, Camp Bowie.
Texas 6,5' 0, Camp Travis, Tex.
Colored registrants include:
California 59, Camp Lwis.
Colorado 10, Camp Funston.
DISORDERS GROW ,
IN HOME LANDS
OF OUR ENEMIES
(Continued f-ora Page On)
by a'mub which raided the prison.
Vienna grain reserves are virtually
exhausted. According to a Zurich dis
patch to the Exchange Telegraph com
pany, Vienna has only three days'
flour supplies.
SOLDIERS SWEAR FEALTY
AMSTERDAM. Nov. 2. Amid
scenes of the wildest enthusiasm regi
ment after regiment, each with its
commander, is appearing before tho
national council at Budapest to take
the cath of allegiance, while high mili
tary officials are calling upon the
council to offer their services, accord
iug to advices received here from the
Hungarian capital. The Danube moni
tor Hot ilia has acknowldged the coun
cil as the military authority.
The council has been informed of
the appointment of Count Michael
Karolyi, pre si.i'-nt of the Hungarian
independent party as premier.
SOCIALISTS IN CHARGE
AMSTERDAM, Nov. 2 The gover
nor of Triest has handed over the
Commune's affairs to the "Committee
of Action." composed of socialists, na
tional liberals and nlovanes.
' The kr.iuer h:is just made a visit to
I Lorraine. He had better visit it while
he can. Arkansas Gazette.
(sFNn THE REVIEW TO FRIENDS.
YANK
FIGHTER
HAVE HARD TIE
WITH TjlK ALLIED FORCES IN
FLANDERS. Nov. 2. (By the Asso
ciated Press.) The fighting which
one American dt tachn;Mit encoun
tered yesterday fit Spital.sbosschen
wood, southeast of Waereghem, in
Pelgium, was probably the hardest it
has experienced in the months it has
been in France.
This unit of westerners had come
from a section of the line where it
had seen some bitter eTEHveni.',nts,
but the. major who was leading a bat
talion which was outflanking the
wood on the north, ami who was
wounded, told the Associated Press
that th? early stages of the battle
yefterdny wore heavier than anything
t his men had been through.
This forest, which covers a consid
erable tract, was literally a network,
of barbed wire entanglements, among j
which there were great numbers of
maenme rub nests aommauiig me
American line front of it.
The Germans evidently , had been
expecting an attack, for as soon as
the drive began many of the little
houses along the line sprang into
flames set by the bodhe and the
whole district was lighted brilliantly.
The attack was begun in the dark
est hours before dawn-and by firing
these homesteads the Germans threw
j the advancing troops out in bold re
i lief, which enabled the machine 'gun
i ner8 to operate freely. At the same
' time the German artillery put down
! a terrific barrage which continued for
hours? Straight through this blaze of
light the Yankees charged and began
j the work of clearing out the machine
gun nests. No direct frontal attacK
was made on the wood but an out
flanking operation wus started on
either side.
Into the advancing forces rapid
firers poured a vicious fire from con
cealed positions in the woods. Every
farm house and haystack along the
way and there were many contain
ed its machine gun which was chat
tering rapidly. Each of these had to
be surrounded and subdued in turn
as the Americans moved forward.
Very fw civilians had left this dis
trict. The farmers arid their families
were still living in nouses which the
Germans had seized for machine gun
posts, and while the grey coats were
sending streams of bullets from the
upper windows and loopholes in the
lofts, the people were down below in
tenor, waiting for they knew not
what.
Every precaution was taken by the
Americans to spare these unfortunate
people. The houses 'were surrounded
r.nd the Germans taken prisoner or
killed.
The wood was taken after several
1 o'.ir.i of fiorcc fighting aiid all the
Germans cleaned out. As the day
;erni'ii3 cleaned out. As the day
.ro-rei-od ti- goiig became easier,
iut'tiia American division will never
forget the first hour of tiiut battle.
COKE SHORTAGE FACED
iV-v Rovievr leased Wij-o)
WASHINGTON, Nov. 2. A serious
coke shortage faces the country. Fuel
Administrator Garfield announced to
night that reports for the week which
ended in October 2C showed that less
than one week's supply exists.
Representatives of the administra
tion have been sent into Pennsylvania
and southern fields to appeal to min
ers end coke workers in an effort to
increase production.
Reports showed only 48.870 tons in
the Pittsburg district where normal
weekly consumption approximates
158.061 tons.
SUPREME COUNCIL ,
PLANS .TERMS OF
PEACE WITH HUN
tContlnued from Pace On)
Tardeiu, French high commissioner,
to the Ui'ited States, declared in a
statement tcnight.
"Should they confess it." said Com
missioner Tarieti, 'th war will end
and throucli acceptance of our condi
tions. Should ihey not, we shall en
force that aweptance by means of u
last resor, the outcome of which can
not be doubtful."
The armh'tice beins framj-l by the
supreme war council at Versailles, M.
Tardieu said, "will Include everything
it ougit to include."
"All Questions will be stated with
necessary clearness," he said. "In !
order to state them in that way, no
better position. In the opinion of our
government coald have been found
than tho one created for the allies by
the diplomatic correspondence of the
last t..rie v.-vcsk."
American t:oops, said M. Tardieu,
w'ao returned this weak from France
and from a visit to the west;rn front,
have brought to the understanding of
Germany, "already docmed by our re-
sistanie, realisation that their down
v.-as unavoidable and would be
I
lull
8p?edy.
"From July IS till November 1 our
succcs3 on every fropt have been
uninterrupted and decisive," he con-
H...!,.,l -n.n nvmUii... i Ki.-m-fl w;lh
fHo ll.-.l .nri i.ia ul-li 'it. Turk
Austiia is askiaj; Ipr it; Germany
begs for it From the military and
puiilical standpoint, our situation is
excellent.
"On the military side, you know all
about the 400,000 prisoners we have
tnlren find the territorv W? have re -
(0!:(.u.-:ed, but I wish to bring ov.l
two points that have not Deen suiu-
eir.itly emphasized as yet:
"First We have h"nccf':rt.i in re -
serve ni rt. divi.:oiiis ti.an tho ene.iiy
ai:d th? dec)-i n ol the battles le'(ini:s 1
to the renerves.
"Second The German prmy, rough
ly dealt v. ith by Fot-h every day for
three mruiths and a half. car. not re
organize even by shortening Us front.
ThelWash Tub for the Opponents of Amendment 100
B J I 1 1
1,
''Tme America Wfu2S AS0UT
FLAG- SHALL
NO I FLY
IN GLOBE
GFO.D SMITH
ORDER FROM
iWllHELMSTRAS,
BUT NOT
'ft
I K if
X A1 1
Itii
A report which has found wide cir-. that this cannot be true. If the coun-i laws and the making of better con-, men's Compensation Law Fclsom
culation at the last end of the cam-j try is otfen to the employer It is I ditions by the time they return home. I Moore, President; J. E. Onrry, Scre
palgn declares that the widow and j also open to the employe. Otherwise To Dring about tier conditions. to!tary; Directors; W. P. Mahoney State
children who can earn a living "at we would no longer have a republic . ,.ot tnvothxr.. anipit , PT ! ,.hv, r f
the washtub cannot collect Insurance
up tc $S,000 as provided under Amend -
j ment 100.
the washtub-' cannot collect Insurance
All courts have recognized the de -
pendence of the wife and children re- wife and children and the injured em ment 100 is a great big step in mis naw-Mamstee Lumber Company, Wil
gardless of whether they had separate i ployes and the parents and other de- right direction. , liams. Arizona; John L. Donnelly, ex-
employment or whether they had 1 pendents will receive their money' Opponents of Amendment 100 have President Arizona State Federation of
or $1,000,000. Amendment 100 does ! promptly and escape the shyster law- dirtied much linen with falsehoods; Labor, Phoenix. Arizona; G. 51. Colvo
not and could not set this rule aside, j yer and the grief of the courts. during the campaign and are still at coresses. General Manager Consoli
In the same connection is a report Likewise will the adoption of it. Their job is at the washtub for dated Ai-wna Smelting Company,
that Amendment 100 will permit the Amendment 100 be a duty well per-! a long time to come But watch out; Humboldt. Arizona: J. E. Curry. Sec
employer to go into court, but not the' formed in aid cf the soldiers of the , for dirt flying from their tubs np un- ; retary Arizona Chapter American Min-
employes. Any person in the least fa-
miliar with the government of the
country knows, on a moment's thought
and it is already bsing steadily weak-
I encd bv deficiency in munitions and
numbers.
' Thus our diplomatic position has
completed me :oric oi our armies oy ;
rjomneHiaer our adversaries to
Knowledge wnat tne president so
aptly called 'military supremacy of
the allies.'
"The frame of mind of allied troop3 . 80n as the commander-in-chief of
may te expressed in one word: They ' Anierii a s demands upon Germany."
are ready to fight till victory be com-; jn answer to a statement issued
Pleie. ; yesterday by the democratic national
"They are pleased that every guar-; comra;ttee naming the republicans
antee having been taken against Ger- j wno would become chairmen of the
man ruse and deceit; no chance has , important committees of the house
been neglected of insuring victory of should that party gain control, the
right. : republican congressional committee
"In short, everything which states- j is,SUed a statement charging that the
manship could have done in order to is i:l08t important committees are
hasten the decision has been done headed by members from nine states,
and well done. All that is needed is j "These states." said the statement,
to o on. . "represent perhaps 20 per cent of the
"Two weeks ago I was. with your population and furnish about the same
soldiers, by a bond of perfect brother-1 ,(er cent of soldiers and less than that
heed united to their French and Eng- 0f ta.:es to prosecute the war. .Under
lish comrades with whom, since March j this control two states. North Curo
last. they have, night an-; day. been hia allj Tennessee, with 20 members
fiRhting. One single army on one I jn the house, head eight, bis commit
single front. This has been the secret' tees. while portions north of the Ohio
of our victory. now represented by at least 3'"'0 meni-
"This unity is the most precious of bers have leadership in no importaut
our possessions. Let us eagerly hold i legislation."
to it in view of the conclusion of i CAMPAIGN SIGNS ABSENT.
tf.ice. Let us hold to it for the ma-j CHICAGO.' Nov. 2 Torchlif lit pa
t.rial and moral reconstruction of a r6.lcs and brass bands, typical cf old-
COLLAPSE IS NEAR
CUPAR, Scotland. Nov. 2. Former
Premiar Asquith. speaking here to
day said there was daily accumulating
evidence that the great cause to which ,
n i i 1 .1 3 .1 '
British had pledged themselves as a.
ni-Mon and empire four years ago. was j
within measurable distance of achiev-;
hrr the purposes for which the Rritixh !
:id nlpred tho war together th the I
froo nonnlo nt fho rent nf tho n-nrlit
Afr rfernii to the extinction of the
withering snd reactionary century-old
nil" of the Turks in -Europe. Mr. As
nnith said in regard to the Austrian
sifiation:
Artificial structures of tho Turkish
nn,l Aiiatrlnn nmnlrva hnvo hoan I10M
tocether for certuries hv p.ifhorltv of,,rBl"3 priaici immhic hi ens.
thn Homirsnt cH. Their doom In
i ' snd in enstern Fnrnn- nd ir ;
nf Ania tie-w states are sprlneine ui
aa a result nf the war, hosed upon the
.n-lnrg fnnndntinn of ficinl rrii-
tlonhin snd national freedom. That
work of emancipation and self deter
mination hns the nvnmathv and good
will of everv lover of freedom through
out the ilvijizcd world."
A VOTE FOR. AMENDMENT 100 IS VOTE
FOR GOOO OTIZ.E.NSHIP .
DOWf
3WiTH IT
AMENDMENT
JUMP
OB. AHV OTHER.
ELIMINATOR
FARMS, W. .
UK
VI
7 OP GRAFT
mUUDLivw WASH
EVERf
FOR THE WIDOW AND HER CHILDREN
-
i If. Amendment : 100 is "adopted, me
i ir. Amendment luu is aaopieu. uie
! courts remain open as always, but the
j occasion for using them will not exist;
ifor either employer or employe; tne
state and the nation now aoroaa, .ior
whom no greater service can ue per -
formed than the passage of improved
IANAGERS CLAIM
. nDtrY EVID
IV1AJUK1 1 I fLIK.
I THEIR PARTIES
(Contlnueu from rio on)
i voter who approved making Koch tne
commander of all the fortes in France
I fhould vote to continue Woodrow Wil-;
fashioned political campaigns, were
I absent tonight in the central states.
! which virtually closed' their campaign
activities,' with the two major parties
confident of lctory in the salient
contests for seats in congress at TueS-
day's election
f.N- r v- f li i.
From Ohio to Nebraska and from
Canada to the Gulf the unique cani-
patent, in many sections, conducted
through newspapers and bill boards
leau in uie uiiunuai iuii-iui irairu
Speecn-niUKr.il- Il.ireU into
eleventh
hour acthlty only through President
Wilson's plea for a democratic con
gress. On the senatorial contests perhaps
the Michigan battle between .Henry
Fcrd, choice cf rresidorjt Wilson, and
Tiuman H. Newberry, republican, at-
I ii t'hio and Missouri state-wide
p . !' ''""
w nur
tak,; a
ntral states women will
s active part in I'm ele. ti' ii
th:m weterii women, equal suffr.ije
will bo voted unon in SJiHh Dakota,
Oklahoma and Michigan.
EAST IN DOUBT
NEW YORK, Nov. ? Interest in
"
SOU V"",
BOPYi qiiy THE 1
'J-A STAN .
r -
-r , , . ' . .
ery way possible is the biggest Jott
the public at home has to carry out
Deiore our soiaiery returns, auipuu
m me iasi ""s -
.
Information Bureau, Arizona Work -
the election Tuesday ii New England
and middle Atlantic states centers In
! the choice of United States senators
1 or representatives although several
of them will elect state ofifeers.
The campaign has developed into
one of the bitterest political contest In
years for control of congress.
In New 'York democrats and repub- j
Means are bending every effort to ;
gain seats in congress, except in a
few districts in this city, where they I the subject of an appeal by President
have united to oppose the socialist i Wilson already has been granted in
nominees in strongly radical sections, j the south through the democratic' pri
Governor Whitman, who seeks re j maries in which all except one candi
election. has attempted to convince date pointed out by the president as
voters that election of Alfred E. i having failed to support the admin
Smith, his democratic opponent would j istration were eliminated,
mean turning the state over to the' Representative Huddleston of the
control oi Tammany Hall Mr. Smith i ninth Atlanta district, the onlji demo
has charged extravagance against the cratic candidate opposed by. President
Whitman administration. j Wilson for nomination in the primar-
Democrats and republicans in Penn-1 les who was not defeated, will have an
syjyania hope to increase their rep ! opponent in J. O. Thompson, a re
resentation in congress. The liquor publican.
question is the chief issue in the state I According to political leaders, the
contest. William C. Sproul. Chester congressional districts in which re
nnnoirA l. tho roniihUran randi- publican opposition appears serious
date for governor on a "dry" platform.
Eugene C. Bonnlwell. the democratic
nominee, has been charred with being
tho candidate of the liquor dealers,
His candidacy has been repudiated
by Vance C. Mccormick, A. Mitcneii;
Fnlmer and other democratic leaders.:
In Massachusetts U but one of the:
nresent members of congress are seek
ing re-election. The most bifterlv :
foucht contest has ben betwpen T'ni.
ted States Senator Week's and former -
governor David I. Walsh, his demo-: strongest lines of resistance, includ
crstic opponent. A whirlwind cam-, ing the Freya position which was shat
naitm has been wared In Rhod Is-' tere l Saturday, lies the so-called
land over the election of a United 1 Meuse line the enemy's last strong-
States senator and three congress-; hold in this part of France,
men. Representative Oeorge F. j The line in general follows the mili
0'Shn.riineRsv. democrat, has made a tary crests and railroads eastward
spirited fight for the senate seat of from Hirson to Mezieres. Sedan. Mou
Le Baron B. Colt. ( zon. Montmedy and Longuyon and
Efforts of democrats In New Hamn-1 then south of Etain. The railroad
shire which, state is normally repub-' jtinct'eTi in the regions of Montmedy
llean. have centered in the campaign , and Ixmguyon are slready under the
of John B. Jameson for the two years fire of the American big guns,
unexpired term of the late Senator j It Is not believed the Germans have
Galllnger. He is opposed by George sn organized svstem of defenses bo
ll. Moses, former minister to Greece, tween the American front snd th!
There is no slate election in West Meuse line, as they had the greatest
Virginia and tho campaign there hs confidence that the Freya. Krlemhelde
pivoted on the choice of United States; and other lines could hold In spite cf
senator. Clarence W. Watson, demo-.nny nttacks delened to break them,
craf," former senator. Is opposed by Tho so-called Mouse line has tbe ad
MaJ. Davis Elkins, jr., a son of the j vantage of important railroad Jntic
former republican senator. - jtion connecting it with the main line
Republicans In Connecticut have 'direct from Germany by several
given most of their efforts to congres- routes. -.
7 1
j,
rona; Andrew Kim
; State i:oard of Trade,
niraoaii. iaa:rman
Thatcher. Art-
- , zona. n. a. iMicserson, .Manager hag-
j IUS w8mj, oisoe. Arizona: roi-
, oum .umue. iuu Dpug.apmcai
, Union, Tucson. Arizona. Adv.
sional elections. Prohibition is the
principal state issue in Vermont.
New Jersey is chiefly interested in
the choice of United States senators.
The woman suffragists of the state
have waged a bitter campaign against
' David Baird. republican, candidate for
I the snort term-
SOUTH IS READY
ATLANTA, Ga., Nor.' 2 Support of
the democratic administration made
i are the first and second Tennessee.
"""" "r'"" " i-uunus m
Nortn Carolina.
j
PERSHING'S MEN
CONTINUE DRIVE
AND TAKE FOSSE
frnf.tlnuM from Vug On)
V FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 3, 1918.
Kfslirx Daily Steurnu
PUBLISHED EVERY Day EXCEPT MONDAY BY THE
STATE CONSOLIDATED PUBLISHING COMPANY.
CULLEN A. CAIN
Editor and General Manage
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
The Associated Press is exclusively entitled to the
use for re-publication of all news dispatches credited to
It or not otherwise credited to this paper and also the
local news published, herein.
All rights of re-publication of special dispatches here
in are also reserved.
Entered as Second Class Mall Matter at Bisbee, Arizona,
Under Act of March 8, 1879.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES, PAYABLE IN ADVANCE:
PER MONTH '. I -T6
THRE3 MONTHS
SIX MONTHS
TWELVE MONTHS
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per year
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per quarter
No Subscription Taken Fcr Less Than 75 Cents
2.25
4.00
7.60
2.50
.75
Amendment One Hundred
In an article about Amendment One
Hundred on the editorial page of the Re
view yesterday morning a typographical
error made a sentence read that payment
of two-thirds of an injured man's wages
would amount to "six" dollars every two
weeks, when it should have been "sixty"
dollars. But the error was such that any
one would know that it was a typographi
cal break in the figures, and attention is
called to it merely to keep its enemies from
making capital out of such a flimsy pre
text. Trie amendment itself stands upon
its own bottom, fairly and squarely and
solidly as the most practical and benefi
cial piece of legislation ever proposed for
those who toil. In the first place it, is
fair because the men behind it cannot af
ford to be otherwise than fair in such a
vital matter as this to the working people
of the entire state. It is simply an agreed
statement of damages to be paid in case
of injury or death, that is all, and the
sums in any and every case are larger and
more generous than under present laws.
Under this act there can be no evasion by
employers, no delays by courts, no rake
off by lawyers. These two sentences tell
the tale of the entire amendment. To the
man of thought or intelligence or good
sense it is too plain to be diverted or twist
ed by the prejudice or personal bitterness
or feeling of any man or set of men. It
would be preposterous and past belief to
have this amendment voted a law by the
business men of the state as against the
vote of labor, which is most benefited by
it. Why is it that people still persist in
trying to coerce labor and try to tell the
working men how to vote? Their shout
ings and pleas and partisanship ought not
to confuse any sensible laboring man for
a moment. His own sense and judgment
and interests, and these alone, should de
termine his vote on any question. And
any man who will consider the figures and
the facts as simply and straightforwardly
set forth in Amendment One Hundred and
vote against it is simply biting off his nose
to spite his face.
The Election
On the day after tomorrow Arizona
voters will select their, county, state and
legislative officers for another two year
period. Also a congressman. With the
nation at war and the state's industrial de
velopment just barely started upon a course
which every good citizen looks forward
to see gain the goal of one of the great,
rich and progressive states of the union,
this election is very, very important this
year. These state and county officials to
be elected Tuesday will play no small part
in the state's part in the war. By them
and their voice and their works shall we be
known to the nation at large. They are to
be selected to reflect our sentiments and
our patriotism. And in the matter of in
dustrial progress and development they
also, by virtue of their office and responsi
bility, will play an important part, and their
acts and judgment will have much to do
with determining the speed and scope of
our growth as a state.
Orators can orate and preachers preach
and newspapers print, ,but after all, it is
a matter for each voter to decide, himself
or herself, what class and kind of officials
shall represent them before the nation and
administer their public affairs. You live
in a free and untrammeled land and can
vote either your prejudice or your judg
ment. You know from many bitter and
humiliating experiences in the past what
comes of voting your prejudice. Arizona
has had her debauch of politics and has
also had her morning after, and, let us
hope, has gone dry for good in the matter
of politics as well as whisky.
This is no year to consider politics. It
is a year of all years to select real men to
lead and to do. The issues are clear cut
and the results far reaching and vital. Any
candidate of either party who is on the
defensive or on the fence 'or regarding
whom there is a doubt should be scratched
unhesitatingly by his party voter this year.
This is the year when the little man running
for office, the narrow man, the small man,
the prejudiced, bitter man, the professional
politician, can do more harm to your state s
name and interests than ever before. When
you let your prejudice or some one's loud
x words influence your vote to such a candi
date, you are simply hurting yourself and
your friends and your state, and if you
think you are hurting any one else there
by, that is small and silly compensation for
the harm that your ballot will do.
You have given your boy, maybe, cer
. tainly your money and your effort and
your heart's best hopes to the winning of
the war. Then why let your prejudice .
or another man's voice, sounding like the
crackling of thorns under a pot, influence
your vote when you come to line up your
state for the strong or the weak prosecu
tion of the war?
These hangers on and fly-by-nights who
live and thrive on the trouble they can stir
up with their lungs of brass and throats
of leather are as active as ever in this
campaign in Arizona. The same old poli
ticians are fighting for a place at the pie.
counter. They are waving the same old
bloody shirt of class bitterness and trying
to fan the same old flame that patriotism
and war work of all classes, toiling side
by side in the common good, was fast
putting out forever.
Vote your judgment. Pick your man.
Make him come clean with his patriotism
and show big and broad and fair with his
ideals and show a real pay streak in the ore
of his ability and good sense, working
knowledge and understanding of all the
people and all the interests of this county;
this state.
This Is the Time of Peril
Few people in all the allied nations, ex
cept President Wilson-wish to treat with
Germany at all except with the sharp point
of the sword. And there are definite and
sufficient reasons. Absolute proof has
been secured since the re-occupation of part
of Belgium, and it is supported by unques
tioned and documentary evidence, that
German leaders sent orders to systemati
cally destroy towns and farm houses and
poison wells and carry off loot after Ger
many had started this last peace drive and
declared that she had changed her system
of government. "It is the duty of every
one to participate in these destructions,"
read a recent order frorn a German gen
eral, "which are to be carried out with
more method and less haste.", This is one
of many reasons why our people are so
bitter and so insistent upon unconditional
surrender of this beast. And if we are
bitter, France and England have ten times
more reason to be so. England is just
learning of the horrible treatment of her
prisoners of war, and therefore to her Pres
ident Wilson's fourteen points do not seem
to cover much real ground and his notes to
the Hun sound neither explicit nor severe.
Of course our allies will praise and say
nice and glowing things about the presi
dent of this nation and his notes and
speeches, but what they really think is ex
pressed in many and different ways by their
press and speakers in dealing with this, the
most dangerous phase of the war. While
the allies are fighting to held their own and
suffering defeats and setbacks it was easy
for them to stick close together, but the
real test to allies in war always comes when
they begin to win. Many a beaten nation
has escaped with the spoils and without
punishment because allies could not agree.
Prussia, under Frederick the Great, escaped
thus, and German statesmen remember it
well and build upon it today. Austria lost
all her wars but kept on gaining territory
just the same by means of marriages and
the skill and duplicity and knavery of her
diplomats at the council table. Turkey has
never had to pay for her crimes and de
feats. Therefore it is most vital now that
the allies have a single and definite object
ive in the matter of peace as well as they
have always had in war. This is the danger
time, and America should speak out loud
and clear so that the world may know
where her people stand as well as where
her president stands.
Political Gossip
(Special to The Review)
PHOENIX, Ariz.. Nov. 2. On thi
eve of tae state election. Judge Albert
M. Sames, chairman of the Republi
can state committee, issued a state
ment giving a resume of the situation
in each county of the state as he
found it on a personal visit which he
made within the past three weeks and
teiegrapnic reports from leaders re
ceived today.
In the opinion of Judge Sames, Tom
Campbell will win a sweeping victory
in tue race. for governor over Fred T,
Colter. He sid:
'"I find that the voters all over the
state are pretty well convinced that
Senator Colter is Governor Hunt's
candidate and that the same regime
will continue if he could be elected.
This was positively proven by the
Dear Mike letter and other evidence
introduced at the Breen libel trial.
"The fact also that Governor Hunt
has been more or less consorting with
members of the I. VV. W. was also
clearly established at this trial. We
do not expect a single 'wobbly' to
vote for Tom Campbell.
"It Is also pretty well understood
over Arizona, that Senator Colter is
ineligible for the office which he
seeks, and that those who vote for
him are either voting for a lawsuit,
or throwing their vote away.
"The people of Arizona like fair
play and a great majority of them are
firmly convinced that Tom Campbell
v.-as simply counted out of an office
to which he was elected in 1916 by
the voters of the state.
"While we realize that Arizona is
democratic by a few thousand votes,
our poll indicates that thousands of
democrats are going to place the wel
fare of the state above partisanship
this year and register a protest
against the continuance of the Hunt
machine in power."
H;re is the report of conditions in
every county of the state as received
at republican state headquarters.
Apache County.
St. Johns Fred Colter has spent
little time in his home county, while
the republicans are . well organized
and confidently believe they will carry
the county by a majority of at least
100. Hunt carried it by 95 in 1916.
Colter is one of the largest land own
ers, and a big cattleman and is not
very popular among the rank and file.
Coconino County.
Flagstaff The prevalence of the
epidemic has greatly unset political
conditions in this county and it is
difficult to say how the county will
so on election day. The vote will lje
light on that account, but friends of
Tom Campbell are confident that he
will receive a majority of 250. Camo
bell carried the county in 1916 by less
than 100 votes. '
Cochise county.
Douglas Campbell's prospects of
carrying Cochise county are growing
brighter every day. There will be a
big vote out owing to the fight for
county seat ttmoval. There is great
interest in the snerurs light. ix
Wright of Douglas, republican nomi
nee, is putting np a hard fight against
Jeff McDonald of Bisbee. Tom Camp
bell will do better in Douglas than in
1916. He will carry Bisbee, Willcox
and Tombstone. Colter's stronghold
is at Lowell. Leaders here say that
Campbell will carry Cochise by 259.
He lost it by a little over 800 votes
in 1916.
Gila County.
Globe Gila county Is Fred Col
ter's stronghold, but republicans are
confident that he will not carry it this
year by more than 750. Campbell will
do much better in Globe this year and
will cut Colter's majority in Miami in
half. The county fight here 13 greatly
complicated. Campbell lost Gila
county in 1916 by 1752, Hunt doing
better in this county than any other.
Graham County.
Safford Tom Campbell will do
equally well in Graham county this
year as he did in 1916, when he car
ried it by 208. There is a great deal
of interest in the election, and a
heavy vote will be polled. The re
publicans are in control of county
offices here, and are well organized
for the election.
Greenlee County.
Clifton Tom Campbell lost this
county in 1916 by more than 400
votes, and the registration is greatly
in favor of the' democrats this year,
but hundreds of democrats will vote
for Campbell, and it is predicted that
he will cut the democratic majority
in two. The republicans have no
couuty ticket.
Maricopa County.
Phoenix This was the banner re
publican county in 1916. Tom Camp
bell carrying it by 3.494. It is gen
erally conceded that he will do bet
ter this year, carrying the county by
about 4.000. The poll of some Phoe
nix and some country precincts shows
a vote of three to one for Campbell.
The exposures at the Breen libel trial
had a great effect in this county, and
it is common knowledge here that
Colter is Governor Hunt'B candidate.
- Mohave County.
Kingman This was the second
best county for Hunt in 1916, as he
carried it by more than 800. but tlie
democratic majority will be more
than cut in two here, and Colter may
not get a majority of more than 250.
if he does that well. The Campbell
forces are well organized, and many
prominent democrats are openly sup
porting him. believing that lie was
counted out in 1916.
Navajo County
Winslow Tom Campbell carri4f
Navajo county in 1916 by less than a
hundred votes, but he will do better
this year. The epidemic will greatly
interlere with gpttlns the vote out,
but bct!i sides will buffer. Naajo is
close, but Tom Campbell has the ad-
vantage. I
Pima County.
Turson - Tom Campbell will carry i
Pima county by at least 750 votes
this year, and he may get a thousand j
majority. Literally hundreds of lead j
Ing democrats are openly" supporting i
him this year and he may get a thou-j
sand in litis. He lost Ajo in 1916 by i
9S. but will prohahly carry it this,
year. In some Turson precincts he
iM receive two and three to one I
Pinal County. j
Floieuce Tom Campbell carried
Tinal county In 1916 by a smn ma
jority and the battle will be close this
year. He will 'do well In Florence,
Casa Grande and Sasco, but will have
a hard fight to break even n Su
perior and Ray. Campbell should
carry the county by about 150. The
republicans have not put up a com
plete county ticket here.
Santa Cruz County.
Nogales Tom Campbell will carry
Nogales city by a good majority but
the outside precincts will probably
reduce It and he will do well to carry
the county by 100 or 150. He lost it
by 11 votes in 1916. He recently
visited Nogales and Patagonia and
many democrats announced that they
would support him following his visit.
Yavapai County.
Prcscott Tom Campbell will carry
his home county this time. He is
strong in Prescott and Jerome and
should receive a majority of 500 or
ten times what he received in 1916.
Cottonwood, on the Verde, is the only
Colter stronghold. Yavapai countv is
promising her native son a big vote
this year.
, Yuma County.
Yuma Tom Campbell is much
stronger in Yuma than in 1916. He
will carry practically all of thr Yuma
city precincts and will run well in the
valley, - The northern parf of the
county will do better by him this year.
He lost the county bv more than 400
in 1916. Colter is claiming the county
by 500, but it would not be surpris
ing if Campbell carried it. Certainly
he will hot lose It 'by more than 250.
the very windows rattled. It sounded
, liko the organized yell of a million
j rooters, and then just as quickly as it
j had started it died down, and amid an
absolute silence and witU every civil
I ian hat cff. every man in uniform, at
1 a stiff salute, the colors of the United
States of America went by.
Dr. Mott Wires i
Arizona Committee
In a wire Just received at the state
headquarters in Phoenix, Dr. John R,
Mott, head of the national united war
work campaign, says:
"The general committee have decid
ed after careful consideration and aft
er wide consultation to adhere to the
original date and to conduct to drive
as planned. . (November 11-18). I
visited Washington today and took the
matter up with the war department
and with President Wilson and they
support this decision. The disadvant
ages of putting off the campaign out
weighs any apparent advantages of
sucil delay. Leaders must exercise
their best judgment and ingenuity In
adapting plans to meet the changed
conditions. The fourth Liberty loan
campaign has been carried to a suc
cessful issue in the midst of the same
epidemic. The fact that many public
meetings are not permitted is not
without advantage as it leaves the
people more time to read, think and
decide. More effective use should bo
made of the printed page to help oil
set the lack of big meetings."
In forwarding the above wire to the
Review, Horace Hall, head of the pub
licity department for the state, says:
"We feel you .have done your best
for us and will continue to do so. In
the task of reaching people there is
nothing which compares to the press
and we must rely upon this means
much more than we had planned. I
know the demands upon your space
but I also know that you are heart
and soul with the little band of men
and women who are giving of their
time to take our state over the top in
the welfare work which means so
much in sustaining the morale of the
men who are facing the enemy."
Same in Arizona
In Case of Hay den
The question is arising in Indiana
as to the sincerity of President Wil
son in the indorsements he has scat
tered broadcast of the various demo
cratic representatives in coneress and
senators who seem to feel the need
of assistance from the administration
in the-coming election. A case in
point is that of Representative Finlv
H. Gray of Indiana. From a scrutiny
of his record the paradox appears
that, although Mr. Wilson has writ
ten a letter indorsing Gray for re
election because of his loyal support
of the administration. Gray on a num
ber of occasions voted against ad
ministration war measures, and the
result is that the Wilson indorse
ments of candidates are losing weight
in Indiana because of their utter dis
regard of facts
Tank Is Armored
Knight That Breaks
Fee Infantry Today
la the olden days it was the man
in armor who led the successful at
tack. It was the knight in his splen
did harness of shining metal who,
mounted on his armored steed, rode
down and crushed the humbie soldiers
atoot.
Shortly after the present war was
under way the aviator was heralded
as the modern knight, the fignter who
engaged' in single and spectacular
combat. All of the romance and chiv
alry of the fair-old, rare-old golden
days attachel to the flying man. He
was the cnly one who was able to dis
engage himself from the mass of w.ir
riors and stand out on his own.
As the ancient knicht rode into
battle carrying his lady's scarf or
glove, Navarre, the French ace, flew
v 1th his sweetheart's silk stocking
crapped around his throat. It wa3
Ms talisman, his luck token. He was
truly a knight of the air.
Came the day of the tanks. The
Hun was smashed and turned back on
his last and greatest lunge for Paris.
Tbe tanks were in the front. They
smashed in. pounded him back to de
struction. The 2-man whippet tank,
with the name of the driver's sweet
heart painted on one side and the
machine gunner's on the other, turned
the trick.
The German infantry and machine
gunners could not avail against the
armor of the tank; no more than the
serf infantry of the Twelfth and Thir
teenth century could stand against
the charging armored knights
those days.
Poet's Corner
"SO I SENT MY TRUE LOVE."
Lips that still were laughing.
Eyes that still could dance
So I sent my true love
On his way to France.
Through the days he needs me.
While we are apart.
He shall feel my laughter
Lifting up his heart.
He shall go unburdened
By any grief he knows.
Down the dusty roads of France
Singing as he goes.
All niy love. and laughter
Through bis days shall flow
If I cry before the dawns
He shall never know!
-By Margaret Widdemer In the Plc-
tcriil Review.
HOW AMERICANS ARE
GREETED BY FRANCE
WHEN THEY ARRIVE
GRAPHIC DESCRIPTION OF CON
VOY OF YANK SHIPS WITH
THOUSANDS OF OUR BOYS
REACHING AMERICAN BASE
HARBOR ON OTHER SIDE
Copper Production
Has Fallen Behind
Tucson Citizen: In spit of the al
most phenomenal increase in the pro
duction of copper in the state of Ari
zona, the country as a whole is falling
behind in its production and needs.
The production of refined copper for
the tir3t seven months of 1918 was
1,425.000.000 pounds, compared with
1,439,000.000 pounds In the corre
sponding period of 1917. Figures for
the month of July show a falling off
of 5.000,000 pounds, in comparison
with the June returns.
While many important increases
have been made, and there have been
many new production problems occa
sioning much expert thought and care
ful consideration, there are still seri
ous cbstacles to overcome before out
put climbs to its full capacity.
Arizona is doing more than her
share in spite of high costs, for by its
Increased production it is making up
in a large measure for the parts of the
country which are falling down.
Close co-operation between the ope
rators and employes is without ques
tion, responsible in a great part for
the big results that are being obtained
in production.
Songs Soldiers Like
AMERICAN NAVAL BASE, France,
Sept. 22, (Correspondence of The As
sociated Press.) The latest convoy of
American transports arrived at noon
today, and it was an inspiring scene
to see this stately procession under
of the bright midday sun, with a stiff
Dreeze whipping the flags, the decks
crowded with American soldiers, and
the piers and castle walls with cheer
ing people, as the fleet moved majes
tically past the outer capes to the
sheltered inside harbor. Often the en
trance is under cover of darkness, to
cheat the submarines which have ap
peared of late off the harbor mouth.
But the entrance today was in broad
day light so that the whole city had
a chance to turn out and see the sight.
It was just 11:40 when the first de
stroyer was seen on the silvery water
out between the capes. At; that dis
tance, three miles, it looked only a
speck as it turned the capes, leaving,
a thread of smoke behind. This was
the scout ship, far ahead, piloting the
way ana on tne lookout for any dan
ger along the path. It came straight
into the harbor, its work done, while
the main fleet, keeping compactly to
gether, began to tile between the
capes. Ahead was a large destroyer
with four stacks, and 'behind It on
either flank two other four-stackers.
This was the forward protecting car
tage of destroyers in a great arc.
Now a huge prow pushed out be
yond the white cliff of the cape, ana
grew gradually tcwering decks, fun
nels, belching smoke, and then the
mammoth hull of a 20,0-ton tran
sport, formerly a German trans-Atlantic
liner. Soon another appeared an
other former German liner and then
still another German liner.
"Off to the right of tbe big ships
was a line of destroyers the star
board barrage and to the left another
line, the port barrage, and astern was
another one of destroyers forming the
rear barrage. Thus enveloped, the big
ships passed into the anchorage, the
destroyers drew off to their bdoys,
and soon lighters were alongside bear
ing ashore this new consignment of
(From Philadelphia Public Ledger.)
The Musical Courier of late has re
ceived so many inquiries as to just
which songs the boys in ramp like
best that inquiries were made. The
following information was received
from a reliable source Francis Rog-i many thousand American troops.
When the Colors
Went by in Paris
The great outpouring of French
sentiment for Americans is ce
scribed by Lt. Frank O. Bripham
of the air service, whose home is
in Oakland, Calif. He writes to
his father, F. E. Brigham, and his
letter is reprinted by the Literary
Digest:
I was in Paris July 14. It was a
wonderful day in every way. The
early morning was very dull and fcr&j.
but by the time the parade was start
ed there was not a cloud in the sky.
I never expect to see another spec
tacle like it unless I am fortunate
enough to see an allied entry into Ber
lin. Half the world yes. more than
that was represented in line and rep
resented by the best that each nation I
could bring forward. As the colors of
each nation went by. Paris seemed to
get nr.'. re and more excited until I be-liev-j
that they had reached the abso
lute heights of enthusiasm.
English, Belgian. Italian, all of them
took the city by storm, but away otf
down the line I heard a hum that
steadily grew louder and sounded
above all the rest of the noise, a hum
that somehow or other got insiue ot
me and made me stand a little
straighter, and then about a block
away 1 saw a Hash of color, and oh!
how wouuerrul it looked to ine for
the color resolved itself into the "Col
ors;" and then, my dear people 1
thought the heaven had broken loose.
1 have never in my life heard sueh an
outburst of noise. It was not the high
shouting that one usually hears but a
roar that started aay dou and grad
ually incrcabcd uutil wueu itf broke
ers. who campiled a list, which in part
follows:
'The Rosary," Nevin; "At Parting."
J. H. Rogers; "Rolling Down to Rio,"
Edward German; "The Little Winding
Road," Ronald; "Irish Love Song."
Lang; "Irish Lullaby." Shelly; "Good
by to Summer," Tosti; "I Fear No
Foe," Adams; "Mother of Mine,"
Tours; "Mother Machree," Alcott; "I
Hear You Caliir.g Me," Marshall; "Old
Pal of Mine." Squire; "Macushia."
Squire; "In an Old Fashioned Town,"
Squire; "Tommy Lad," Marsetson;
"Friend of Mine," Sanderson: "The
Radiance in Your Eyes," Novella;
"The Magic of Your Eyes." Penn; "A
I'erfect Day," Carrie Jacobs Bond;
' My Little Gray Home in the West."
Lcehr; "Somewhere a Voice Is Call
ing." Tate; "Jim Rooney's at the
Fighting," Fiynn; "The Sunshine of
Our Smile," Sharpe; "When the Great
It is a scene oit reoeated new- as
day after day and night after night,
but often as it is, it is always a stir
ring sightftnd one which makes the
blood tingle, as these thousands of
fighting men pour out of the west.
The American naval base presented
a wonderful panorama this bright day,
spread out across the water and along
the shore. Besides the fleet which,
had Just arrived there was the tnrob
of huge naval activity ashore and
afloat, over 20 miles of shore line en
veloping this deep blue basin. In
front lay a score of the big transports
which had come during the last week,
most of the like those just in, German
liners.
"The irony of fate." remarkeu the
observer as he pointed out the many
German ships freighted with Amer
ican troops.
A hospital ship now passed to the
Red Dawn Is Shining.- Sharpe; "Joan i of, 0n the d(...k!4 Iav ,,., nt
of Arc." Berlin; "When We'll Wind j stretchers, each bearing a wounded
Cp the Watch of the Rhine." Berltn; soldier, bathing in the sunlight and
"Long Boy." Walker; "I May Be. Gone saU ,ir ..They are goj home
for a Long. Long Time." Novello
"Over There." Cohen; "Where Do We
Go From Here?" Elliott; "Long. Long
Trail." Kllic :tt : "Pack l"n Your Trou
bles, Novello; "Keep tne Home p ires j linabiHty.
Hurning." ?toveilo; "Loves Jiu. sweet aiun
Son, Mal'.oy.
Hun Captives Ox-Like
Arthur Oman. Doyle in tha London
Times: Once through Tenipleux and
on the main road fur IVronne thins
became less exciting and c drew up
to s e a column ot 300 prisoners pass
us. Each side of the causeway was
lined by Australians, with their keen,
clear cut. laleon (aces, and between
lurched tliese heavy jawed, be.fle
browed. UTKt.uth hitits. new caiiunt
and starinu rourd with
ees at their debnnnaire raptors. I
saw mmn of that reli ( at -ttins out
of it whi' h I have read of; nor li 1 1
see any signs f tear but the prevail
ing impression was u:i ox-like stolidity
and dullness, lt was a herd of beasts,
not a procession of men. It was in
deed farcical to think thai th -so uni
formed bumpkins represented the
great military nation, while the gal
lant figures who lined the road te-
the navy doctor. "They are cases in
which the wounds incapacitate them
from returning to military service
legs off. arms off. or other permanent
But they are well enough
to recovery to permit .traveling.
and so they are going home for their
wooden legs and arms, and after that.
well "
At 6 o'clock tonight five hours aft
er the Meet of transports had reached
the anchorage, the huge debarkment
bad been accomplished, and the last
man was ashore and in camp.
JAP WORM EN ARRIVE.
Hy Review Wire)
TOKIO. Sept. 22. Women are tak
ing an increasing part in Japanese
public affairs and some have been ap-
bewildered pointed to posts cf trust.
a woman doctor. Miss Fufu Kyo,
was named by the Tokio police depart
ment to investigate the causes of in
fant diseases and to arrange a plan of
assistance for poor women. Miss Tat
su Kakuta was appointed to a similar
post in Osaka.
Some women conductors are found
in the suburban electric railways and
now a woman station-master has been
appointed. There Is a great increase
lonued to the race which they had in the number of women gytuastic
.'lespii ed -ss beia? unwarlike. Time j teachers lu gil ls' schools aud oue
aud Fate between them hae a pretty j government girls' school has adopted
seuse of humor. baseball. THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 3, 1918.
fTVE
riGH
Ti
D
PLAYFU
L
T
TUSSLE
THEY DECLARE
Father and Eye-witness of
Scene Which Inflicted Fa
tal Injuries on J. H. Mo
Williams Make Statement
J. A. McWilliams of Clifton, father
of toe young switchman, J. H. 41c-
Vviliiamb, who wan struck by a wrencn
Thursday thrown, by Cnaries Under-
mao, engineer lor the El 1'aso &
tiouih western railroad, aud who died
yesterday from tne injury, arrived ut
i tie District yesterday. His son died
early yesteraay morning trom effects
of tne injury. Mr. McVviliiania caned
at T lie Review ouice in company with
raiiroad men who declared they had
seen tne entire unfortunate aflair.
According to their story, McWilliams
and Linaernian had engaged in a reg
ular lignt prior to the throwing of
the wrench that fatally injured the
switchman. They say that Linder
man, who is a very powerful man,
easily threw McWilliams to tne
ground and sat on him. He was
dragged off by friends. Further hard
words passed between the men and
finally Linderman hurled the wrench
at McWilliams with the deadly effect
narrated above. These witnesses de
clare the act was committed in anger
and malice, and not as an accident, as
other railroad men informed The lie
view, and it so printed in its yester
day's issue.
PRAISES LOCAL MAN.
i
H. C. Williams, district manager for
the War Work campaign for funds,
left last night for Tucson, where lie
will remain for several days to re
cuperate from a severe cold and
threatened attack of the Spanish in
fluenza. Mr. Williams was impressed
while here with the excellent organi
zation for war work that has been
built up in the Warren district and
sad that under the efficient leader
ship of J. N. Gaines and J. C. Ryan,
he had no doubt the district and
county pro rata of the fund would be
obtained, though hard work would be
involved.
COLODNY IS SAID TO
BE SLATED AS PREXY
OF STATE UNIVERSITY
FORMER INSTRUCTOR ABOUT
WHOM STORM RAGED REPORT
ED TO BE . COLTER'S CHOICE
FOR HEAD OF STATE'S EDUCA
TIONAL INSTITUTION
JAMES BROWN DEAD.
James J. Brown, a resident of Bis
bee for many years, died early this
morning at the Copper Queen hospital
of pneumonia following influenza. No
funeral arrangements have been made
yet, pending the return of Vrs. Brown
who, with her youngest daughter,
was in California when the news of
her husband's ftal illness reached her.
She is expected today. Two other
daughters reside here. Mr. Brown
had many friends who will regret to
learn of his demise.
PHOENIX. Ariz., Nov. 2. Isidor
Colodny, Hunt's director of vocational
education, is reported to be slated to
become president of the University
of Arizona if Fred T. Colter is elected
governor this fall.
Colodny was for a time an instruc
tor at the University and while there
the stormy petrol of that Institution.
He was finally dismissed by the
regents and made a fierce assault on
Dr. R. B. Von KlelnSmid, the presi
dent It was generally understood
that he has been sent to the university
by Governor Hunt. He had previously
been a teacher in Phoenix.
During his stay at the university,
Colodny was editor of the Arizona
Teacher, his wife being business man
ager of the publication. They assailed
the president of the university and
stirred up Tucson by their vicious at
tacks on prominent residents of the
city. Upon his dismissal, Colodny
threatened to sue for a year's salary
claiming he had a contract. The uni
versity regents at that time refused
to recognize any contract, but it is
reported that the new board, appoint
ed by Hunt, Is going to allow him
the year's salary.
Colodny ha? been one of the strong
est, supporters of Fred Colter. He
has always been a staunch partisan
of Governor Hunt. He charged Dr.
Von KleinSmld, the present president.
with being pro-German and brought a
suit for damages against Jiim and the
publishers of the Citizen, but it was
dismissed for want of prosecution.
Recently Mrs. Colodny gave a din
ner in honor of some of the regents.
Fred Colter and Leroy Ladd were
guests and it is said that the deal to
make Colodny president was ar
ranged at that time. John T. Hughes,
chancellor of the university, is said
to be strong for Colodny. McClausky,
Mrs. Betty White, Mrs. Charles Rob
erts, all regents, are said to favor him
DISTRICT'S HEART IS
TOUGHED, GOODNESS
OVERFLOWS IN HELP
RACING STABLES BURN
ON STATE FAIR GROUNDS
PHOENIX. Ariz., Nov. 2. A
half mile of racing stables and
box stalls at the state fair grounds
was destroyed this afternoon by
a fire of unknown origin. The
fire broke out a little after noon.
There were about 50 horses on
the grounds for training, although
the state fair for this year had
been abandoned a week ago.
Several of the) horses were in
the stables, but all were saved.
Two of the animals were slightly
burned. They ran back fnto the
blazing stables, one of them mak
ing five such returns. A large
area of swine sheds was also
burned over. The loss is esti
mated at 20,000, insured.
What You Should Pay
In Local Market for Food
Administrator's Weekly Report on Fair Prices in Bitbee, Lowell, Warren ani
Naco, for Week Ending November 9, 1918.
Commodity: Retailer Pays Consumer Should Pay
Low High Low High
Price Price Price Price
Wheat flour, per 1-16 bbL bag
(12 lbs.) L..: .76 $ .79 .85 I .85
Wheat flour (bulk) per lb. .06 .06',4 .0714 -07
Barley flour, per 1-1G bbl. bag
(12 1-4 lbs.) .90 .93 1.02 1.10
Barley flour, (bulk) per lb. .07 .074 .09 .09
Rye flour, per 1-18 bbl.. bag (24 lbs.) 1.60 1.62 1.70 1.80
Rve flour, (bulk) per lb. .06 .06 .07 .07
Rice flour (bulk) per lb .07 .07 .08 .08
Cornmeal, (bulk) per lb .06!4 -064 -07 .08
Corn flour, per lb. .. .10 -10 .11V4 -12
Victory bread, 16 oz. loaf .10 .11 .13 .13
Victory bread (twin loaf) 24 oz. .16 .16 .20 .20
Oatmeal or Rolled Oats, (package) .
per lb. .09 .09 .12 .12
Rice, unbroken, standard quality,
per lb .11 .12 . .14 .15
Hominy or Hominy Grits, per lb. .12 .12 .14 .16
Sugar, granulated, (bulk) per lb. .. .10 .10 .11 .11
Beans, (pink) per lb .10 .10 .12 .12
Beans, (navy) per lb 15 .15 .20 .20
Beans, (lima) per lb 1... .16 .16 .20 .20
Potatoes (white or Irish) per lb .. .02 9-10 .03 1-10 .04 .041-6
Onions, per lb 02 .03 .03 .04
Raisins, (seeded) per 16 ez. pkg. 10 .11 .16 .16
Prunes, (60-70s), per lb .10 .105 .14 .15
Canned Tomatoes, (standard grade) 1
per (No. 2) can 14 .16 .15 .28
Canned Tomatoes, (standard grade)
per (No. 2) can .11 .13 .14 .17
Canned Corn (standard grade) per
20 nr.. (No. 2) can .. .13 .14 .15 .17
Canned Pea (standard grade) per
20 oz. (No. 2) can .12 .15 .171-4 .20
Canned Salmon (tall pink Alaska)
per 16 oz. (No. 1) can .14 .14 .17 .20
Canned Salmon, (tall red Alaska)
per 16 oz. (No. 1) can .25 .27 .30 .35
Evaporated Milk (unsweetened)
per 6 oz. can 06 .06 .07 .07
per 16 oz. can 13 .14 .15 .17
Butter, per lb. '. 60 .68 .65 .74
Eggs (fresh ranch) pi r doz 65 .90 .70 .96
Cheese, (New York or local) per lb. .34 . .43 .40 .40
Lard, (pure Leaf) bulk, per lb 30 .31 .32 .34
Lard, (pure Leaf in tins) per 3-lb. pail .80 .85 .95 .95
Lard, (pure Leaf in tins) per 5-lb. pail 1.34' 1.49 1.55 1.65
Lard Substitute, (bulk) per lb 26 .27 .29 .30
Bacon, (sliced) fancy grade per lb....l .00 .52 .70 .70
Bacon, standard grade, per lb.
(whole piece) 50 .53 .52 5
Ilara :'.9 .40 .55 .60
Round Steak, per lb .. 27 .28 .30 .35
Hens, (dressed, not drawn) per lb 33 .34 .38 .39
Fish, per lb 18 .18 .25 .25
Storage Eggs, per doz 46 .47 .50 .55
SAM VERRAN. P. M. PUCK WALTER. R. J HART.
J. B. A;sGlUS. JOHN' RUSSELL, ED C'LOUTHIER.
E. C. CAMPBELL.
Price Interpreting Board.
CONTRIBUTIONS OF FOOD AND
MONEY AND EXPRESSIONS OF
SYMPATHY FOR OLD MAN AND
HIS SUFFERING FAMILY CON
TINUE TO BE RECEIVED
Contributions of food and money
and expressions of sympathy still
continued to come in yesterday for
the old man in the tent under the
Warren hill road. The Bisbee cop
per miners, generous and warm
hearted in this, as in all things con
cerning the misfortunes of their fel
low men, have taken an interest in
this case.
R. V. Hersey took up a collection at
the Holbrook shaft and raised $30 for
the old man and went to see him
personally. The ladles living .n the
Smith building in Brewery gulch sent
a machine load of groceries down to
the tent last night. Several cash con
trlbutions have been sent and brought
to The Review office.
The old man has teen cheered in
spirit as well as in the flesh by all
this aid and sympathy. He plans to
rent a room in Bakerville in which
to house his folks when they leave
the hospital, and he also has the pros
pect of getting some work he can do.
"It's a pretty good old world, after
all," murmured the old man last eve
ning, as with wet eyes he - told the
newspaper man all that had been
done for him and his by the people
here as soon as they really came to
know of his case.
OVER 80,000 PRISON
ERS AND 1600 BIG
GUNS ARE COUNTED
(Continued trom Pae On)
tinue the operations looking to the
outflanking of Ghent.
West of the Meuse the American
first army and the French fourth army
are following up the successes of Fri
day. German resistanoe before the
Americans collapsed Saturday after
noon and the Americans reached
Fosse, an advance of more than four
miles from the positions Friday night.
The enemy now is behind the Freya
position and the Americans.are press
ing them hard. In front of the French
the Germans apparently are retiring
from the salient of the Boulst forest
November 3 is the first anniversary
of the clash between American and
German troops. Along the Rhlne
Marne canal on November 3, 1917,
American and German patrols met for
the first time and the enemy was
worsted.
Football
SYRACUSE BEATS DARTMOUTH
(By Review Leased Wire)
SPRINGFIELD, Mass.. Nov. 2.
Within a few minutes after the open
ing of the game between the Dart
mouth and Syracuse S. A. T. C. teams
on Pratt Field this afternoon, the out
come was merely a question of how
much the Syracuse score would ex
ceed that of the Hanover team, and
after the 48 minutes of play the re
sult was: Syracuse, 34; Dartmouth,
6.
VIRGINIA POLY WINNER
(By Review Leased Wire)
Virginia Polytechnical Institute, 13;
Washington and Lee, 0.
GRINNELL BEATS DRAKE
(By Review ),easei Wire)
DES MOINES, la., Nov. 2. Grin-
nell (Iowa) college football eleven
swamped Drake University here today
71 to 0.
' 1 ' '
NAVAL RESERVE GAME
Hy Kevlew Leased Wire)
CLEVELAND, O.. Nov. 2. The
Cleveland Naval reserve football team
outclassed the Detroit naval reserves
today, winning 83 to 0.
VALENCIENNES IS EVACUATED
BERLIN. Nov. 2, via London-
American divisions, attacking in dense
columns between the Aisne and the
Meuse, have penetrated the German
positions between Champigneulle and
Aincreville, according to the efficial
statement from general headquarters
today. The Americans have gained
sonu territory beyond Bayonvllle.
A powerful artillery preparation pre
ceded attacks carried out by the
French and Americans for the pur
pose of securing an opening on the
Aisne.
During the night of Friday Valen
ciennes was evacuated without moles
tation Tne statement says:
"South of Deynze we have with
drawn ourselves fronf further enemy
attacks by' retiring behind the Scheldt.
The movement was carried out unno
ticed during the night
"The enemy followed and stood in
the evening east of Deynze and west
of the Scheldt in fighting touch with
our advanced positions.
"There were strong attacks by the
British south of Valenciennes. Near
Aulnoy the enemy forced his way into
our lines thrust forward on the south
ern border of Valenciennes in the di
rection of Saultain, just beyond Pre-
seau.
"Counter attacks brought us again
in possession of the heights south
west of Saultain and the village of
Presneau. '
"Attempts by the enemy during the
afternocn by an enveloping storm at
tack from the west over the Scheldt
and from the south to take Valencien
nes broke down. In the night we
evacuated the town undisturbed by
our enemy.
Powerful artillery preparations pre
ceded attacks which the Franco-Amer
icans carried out for the purpose of
securing an opening on the Aisne
front between the Argonne and the
Meuse.
East of Recouvrance we repulsed
the enemy. On the heights northwest
of Chateau Porcien we maintained our
positions against severe attacks. The
heights southwest of St. Fergeux
changed hands several times in coun
ter attacks. They remain in our pos
session."
CHICAGO SAILORS WIN
(By Review leased Wire)
CHICAGO. Nov. 2. The Cleveland
Naval reserve football team outclass
ed the Datroit naval reserves today,
winning 83 to 0.
The bluejackets scored two touch
downs in the second period and one
each In the remaining two quarters.
Blockie, formerly of the University
of Chicago scrambled through the
entire northwestern team for a 39
yard run that resulted in the final
touchdown.
COLUMBIA DEFEATS AMHERST
(By Review .eased Wire)
NEW YORY, Nov. 2. Columbia de
feated Amherst 21 to 7 today. Co
lumbia's superior weight won.
Columbia's three touchdowns were
earned by straight line smashing and
few spectacular end runs. Am-
liersts score came at the end of the
second period when she gained the
ball on fumble on Columbia's 25 yard
line and pushed it over; Amherst was
again near scoring at the end of the
last period.
of two kilometers, from Semuy to
Neuvllle et Day.
"Further south we have reached the
outskirts of Les Alleux, Quatre
Champs and La Croix-Aux-Bois. alter
having captured Bois Vandy and the
village of Ballay, despite the enemy
resistance, which was particularly vio
lent on the Alleux plateau and the
Croix-Aux-Bois Defie.
"Or the riKht Longwe and Primat
fell Into our hands. North of the lat
ter place our troops, pushing beyond
Chene Pate, continued, despite the se
rious obstacle of the Argonne forest,
vigorously to pursue the enemy, who
withdrew, abandoning considerable
material.
"German counter attacks, especially
in the region of Semuy, were repulsed
and enabled us to add several hun
dred to the number of our prisoners."
"Eastern Theater, Friday, Nov. 1.
French cavalry has fought a number
of combats with success against en
emy detachments.
"Serbian troops have reached the
Danube between Semendria and Bel
grade. "On November 1 Belgrade was
reached. The commandant of the first
Serbian army has made a solemn
entry Into the capital. This entry
occurred 45 days after th beginning
of the offensive on the Macedoniau
front Serbian troops united with the
French and have crossed the Kolu-
bara, north of Valieve, and are march-1 workingmen
mg on inaDaiz, Montenegro, f orces
of Jugo-Slavs have arrived at Pod-
goritza."
Russia Will Starve Thought
To Be Safe Prediction When
Internal Condition Viewed
LONDON, Sept. 25 (Correspondence
of the Associated Press.) A winter of
starvation is a safe prediction for Rus
sia. Indications are that it will be one
of the worst winters the Russian peo
ple have experienced in all their history.
putting the crusaders to
BELGIAN OFFICIAL.
(By P.evlew Leased Wire)
HAVRE, Nov. 2 The text of the
official statement issued at the Bel
gian war office tonight, reads:
The attack begun on October 31
was continued today by the second
British army and the Franco-Ameri
can forces. They have pressed for
ward during the day, with the Belgian
forces upon the left of the French.
The enemy is retreating precipitately
toward Ghent and the Canal de Ter-
disappeared, and certain city districts
had not received the usual allowance
for nearly a week.
The government had classified the
population Into categories, whereby
and government em
ployes received a larger allowance,
while professionals and well to do
people get the smallest, which in Mos
cow amounts to one-sixteenth of a
pound. In Petrograd the bourgeots or
middle class fared poorly on an allow
ance of three herrings a day.
The shortage of bread is largely
due to the government's short-sighted
policy "in fixing a low price for
grain which did not even cover the
farmer's expenditure, let alone profit.
The peasants refused to comply with
the decree to turn over all grain in
excess of a certain arbitrarily fixed
amount to food committee, and when
neuzen. At the end of the day Belgian I latter were re-enforced by a de-
the peasants gathered from several
quer.tly
flisht
But even if the government price
were much higher the peasants would
not willingly exchange their grain for
worthless money, of which they seem
to have much and which has no practi
cal value to them. They want manu-
farfitrpil pnnrta whirh thrt rnvommAnt
All summer the food situation in ! nnhi tn firnih mn.t f tha
Russia, particularly in Moscow, Perto- j factories are idle, for lack of fuel and
grade and other large cities has been ! raw material, and also because the
Bteadilv m-nwini? mnrp an, I mr,r r..r oul!,Be"" uet?u lnB orraB 10 iigni
In the latter part of August, before
the writer left Moscow, bread, or that
mixture 01 straw, oat ducks ana otnerj
ingredients of unknown origin which
Moscow inhabitants are induced to
accept as bread, had almost entirely
on the numerous fronts.
MEXICANS SUBSCRIBE
HEAVILY FOR FOURTH
LIBERTY LOAN BONDS
and French troops bad reached Ec
cloo, fVaerschool, canalized Lieve and
Evergnem.
'We have approached to within
about four kilometers of the outskirts
of Ghent. The Escaut has been
reached along the whole front as far
as Everghem."
AUSTRIAN OFFICIAL.
(By Review Leased Wire)
VIENNA, Nov. 2, via London. The
evacuation of all Serbian territory by
the Austrians is imminent. This an
nouncement is made in the official
statement from the war office today.
The statement reads:
"On the Italian mountain front our
troops, in carrying out our measures
of evacuation, according to plan, will
occupy positions which they held at
the beginning of the Italian war.
In the Venetian plain a movement
of retreat across the Tagliamento is
in progress.
The evacuation of all Serbian ter
ritory is imminent."
BRITISH OFFICIAL.
MINNESOTA IS WINNER
(By Review Leased Wlrtj
ST. PAUL, Minn., Nov. 2. Minne
sota defeated the light but fast foot
ball eleven representing Carlton and
St Olaf colleges of Northfield, Minn.,
59 to 7 here today.
OTHER RESULTS
At Bethlehem, Pa. Philadelphia
navy yard, 14; Lehigh, 3.
At Princeton, fc. J. Princeton in-
formals. 7; Princeton Aviators, 0.
At Newark. Delaware College, 0;
Pennsylvania Military College, 0.
At St. Louis. Washington Univers
ity, 26; Rolla School of Mines, 0.
OUR PRISONERS DECAPITATED
(Bv Kevlew I .eased Wire)
WITH THE AMERICAN ARMIES,
Sept. 9. German officers are now
telling their soldiers that all German
prisoners taken by the United States
troops have their heads cut off when
taken to the rear. The obvious pur
pose of this is to prevent the men
rom giving themselves up voluntar
ily to the Americans, as hundreds of
them have lately done.
Silting in an American field hospital
today were two young German prison
ers who had been brought in by a
Brooklyn sergeant, a lad of only 20.
One was slightly wounded. The oth
er was sobbing and pleading 'with the
surgeon to save him from having his
head cut off, which he said he unilcr-
stooi from his commanding officer
would be his fate.
The doctor assured the frightened
German that the Americans were not
miif. hk iRavacre. as all that: but the
prisoner Vs still trembling and griev
ing as he was lvd to the rear of the
American line"by a corporal.
(By Review Leaned TTtre)
LONDON, Nov. 2. - Further im
portant gains were made by the Brit
ish troops east of Valenciennes, Field
Marshal Haig reports from headquar
ters tonight. The village of Marly
was captured and British detachments
entered St. Saulve.
The statement says:
"Determined local fighting con
tinued throughout the day on the
battle front south and east of Valen
ciennes. Ws made good progress
northeast of Marescues and east and
north of Preseau, capturing the ham
let of St. Hubert and the farms in
that vicinity.
"East of Valenciennes we hold the
village of Marly and our advanced de
tachments have entered St. Saulve.
In this operation we captured two
tanks, which .had been used by the
enemy in unsuccessful counter at
tacks yesterday, and took several
hundred prisoners.
A successful minor operation took
place this morning west of Landre
ties; we advanced our line and took
a number of prisoners."
' FRENCH OFFICIAL
PARIS. Nov. 2. The Germuns are
retreating across the Argonne forest
and the French forces are close upon
them, having captured today, accord
ing to the announcement of the war
office, numerous villages and woods.
The statement says:
"Vigorous attacks yesterday and
this morning by the fourth army on
the Aisne front in connection with the
victorious effort of the Americans be
tween the Argonne-, and Meuse, have
compelliul the enemy td beat a retreat
across the Argonne forest. Our troops
smashing the enemy rear guards, who
by stubborn resistance, attempted to
check our advance, made important
progress along the whole front of the
attack.
"On the left we have taken Semuy
and carried our lines as far as the
bouth bank of the Ardennes caual
which we have reached on a front
BELGRADE IS REOCCUPIED.
(By Review Leased Wire)
LONDON. Nov. 2 Fart of Bel
grade, the Serbian capital, has been
recaptured, according to the Evening
News, which says It has received un
official advices to this effect.
ONE ADDITIONAL CLAUSE.
(By Kevlew l.iaswl Wire)
LONDON, Nov. 2. An additional
clause in the terms of armistice grant
ed by the allies to Turkey, which has
Just been received, says:
"Allied control officers are to be
villages and offered resistance, (re
placed on all railways, including such
portions of the trancacausian railways
railways as are now under Turkish
control; these must be placed at the
free and coniplet disposal of the al
lied authorities, due consideration be
ing given to the needs of the popula
tion. "This clause is to include the allied
occupation of Batum. . Turkey will
rais3 no objection to tne occupation
of Baku by the allies."
KILLED IN ACCIDENT
(Bv Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, nNov. 2. Ensig
Edwin Pou, son of Representative Pou
of North Carolina, was killed in a sea
plane accident off the French coast
October 28, Vice-Admiral Sims today
cabled the navy department.
(By Review Leased Wire)
NOG ALES, Sonora, Mex., Nov. 2.
German agitators who have spread
propaganda and attempted to cause
friction between the United States
and Mexico are losing their grip in
Sonora if the action of 200 local Mex
icans who have subscribed heavily
to the fourth American Liberty loan
Is to be taken as a criterion.
Natives who formerly were anti
American, if not pro-German, during
the past few months have turned and
many of them now are wearing tiny
reproductions of the American flag, to
show the trend of their sympathies.
Of those who purchased American
securities, it was necessary for many
to appear before the American consul,
E. M. Lawton, owing to the fact that
they could not cross the border to
make their investments. Of those who
subscribed to the loan, it was notice
able that the majority took great pride
in exhibiting conspicuously the Liber
ty loan button, which was given them
with their subscriptions.
In addition to the natives, six Chi
nese merchant firms subscribed to the
sum of $8500.
CLOSE CHICA
o
SALOONS.
CHICAGO. Nov. 2. More than 50
saloons within a half mile radius ef
McKinley park, where a depot of the
quartermaster's department is located,
were closed today on orders from the
war department. This Is the first
time that the regulations regarding
zone about military camps has been
enforced within the city limits.
e
Last M
eceivea ay
mute LILb! .
AS GOVERNOR OF ARIZONA
STOOD BY THE PRESIDENT.-He Stands J
by the President NOW and WILL
STAND BY HIM if Elected.
fJThe statement that President Wilson administered a stinging re
buke to Governor Campbell is a lie.
CJThe statement that Governor Campbell criticised President Wilson
in his speeches and aligned himself with the enemies of the president
is a lie.
C The statement that Tom Campbell is aligned with grafting corpora
tions in the senate for the nineteen seventeen and nineteen eighteen
appropriation bills is a lie.
J Fred Colter led the fight in which Governor Campbell signed.
Colter voted for them, President Wilson has not endorsed Colter.
"My dear Mike, 1 think the man who best represents progressive
democracy is Fred Colter." GEORGE W. P. HUNT, governor of
Arizona.
A
Vote for COLTER is
Vote for HUNT!
a
L
CAMPBELL VICTORY LEAGUE t
SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 3, 1918.
Time Ripe for Making of
Preparations for Future
Trade and Adjusting
The First, National bank of Bosiou
in its October circular says:
The nations of the world are prepar
ing lor a war of commerce an indus
try as soon as their resources are re
leased from the present struggle. Eng
land lias taken active steps to extend
its foreign trade by the organization
of boards and committees to imesii -
gate conditions and formulate plans,
and other nations have taken siu.:!ar
action, though not to the same .-xient.
Germany, of course, will do all in its
power to recover its former comaier-
cial position, and will fight as strenu-:
ouslv for this as it has fousht to ob-
tain European domination. ' ! United States are over $1,000,000,000 a
Meanwhile the United States has month. The fourth Liberty loan calls
done scarcely anything along this line. , for f 6,000.000.000. and the revenue bill
Senator Weeks of Massachusetts re- now under cor.sideri.tion will provide
centlv introduced a resolution in the about J8.OO.OO0.0OO from taxation. The
senate providing for a thorough :n- United States is paying nearly a third
vestigation of the problems afiecting of the cost of the war by taxation,
labor, capital and credit, public utili- i whereas England and our other allies
ties, the demobilization of our inclus-iare borrowing a much laiger percent
ping, the demobilization of our iudus-iaee. thus placing a greater proportion
trial and military war resources, and, 1 of the burden upon the future than is
in fact, for an investigation of every : the United States,
condition and situation bearing on the i Naturaliy there have Ieen inequali
position of the United States after the ; ties and injustices in the levying of
war. It is time to. consider this sub- taxes, but on the whole these taxes to
ject thoroughly if the United States date have been met with comparative
is to play any important part in ice ;
trade of the world hereafter. j
At present almost all of the produc-;
tive capacity of the United States is ;
engaged in war work. With the end
of the war, the industrial plants that
are manufacturing munitions and sup- j
plies will return to their normal lines,
and several million men now in the
service of the country will resume
their ordinary pursuits. This cannot
be accomplished wholly without dis
turbance. The change from normal to war ac
tivities has been .made without sen-
ous trouble, but the success of the re-.
turn will depend upon the manner in
which the problem is attacked by the
government. It will entail much recon
struction and a thorough readjustment
of wages and costs. While all the
countries that are engaged in the war
have been producing munitions and i
supplies there has been a marked ue-
Bun Proposes Anti-Yank
Trading Crusade After War
Has.Been Brought to Close
AMSTERDAM, Oct. 26. "No buy
ing from America if it tan possibly
be avoided," must be the German
watchword alter the war, is the as
sertion of the Rhenish Westphalian
Gazette, an important German in
dustrial organ. The reason given by
,tbe paper is that, before the war, the
balance of trade between the United
States and Germany was against Ger
many to the extent of nearly 1,000,000.
. 000 marks a year. Germany import
ed from the United States goods to
. . the value of 1,711,000,000 marks, while
German exports to the United States
. amounted to 713,000,000 marks. Divi
dends on German holdings of Ameri
can securities, in addition, helped to
pay the bill for goods bought In
America.
"How could we possibly meet a still
NAVAL BASE ACROSS
SEA IN FRANCE IS
PLACEJF INEREST
ADMIRAL WILSON HAS HIS HEAD
QUARTERS THERE WHILE
THOUSANDS OF JACKIES ON
LEAVE STROLL THROUGH
STREETS OF THE TOWN
AMERICAN NAVAL BASE, France,
Sept 22, (Correspondence of The As
sociated Press.) Here on this rugged
Breton toast there is an American
naval establishment which is a sort of
' composite of the new busy activity of
the navy department at Washington
and one of the big navy yards on the
- American seaboard.
Vice-Admiral Wilson commanding
, the American naval forces in French
waters, has his headquarters here,
with an executive Btaff quartered in
one of the largest buildings of the
city, fronting the Place President
WiUon. American bluejackets are on
guard at all the entrances, and steady
files of American naval officers and
sailors crowd the corridors on their
various duties. ,
The streets are filled with American
sailors on "Liberty parties," often
5000 and 6000 in a single party. And
on the water front there is the hustle
and activity of a huge navy yard, with
scores of American naval craft and
transports lying in the harbor, and the
shore alive with a vast naval installa
tion. Besides the rush of the port itself,
this is the naval administration cen
ter fcr 300 miles of the French coast,
divided into three districts, with a
number of the chief ports into whicu , while the increase in imports is at
the masses of American men and ma-!tributed to increased requirements of
terial are pouring.
Aside from the American transport
fleet which comes and goes, there is a
standing personnel of o!f:ccrs ana
men in these districts, with some SO
ships destroyers, repair ships, con
verted yachts, mine sweepers and
naval tugs. The shore establishment
crease in the manufacture of normal
products, the demand for which will
be renewed after the war.
The extensive new plant construc
tion due to the war has a Med greatly:
to the productive capacity of the coun- j
try. and will enable the L nittd Mates
to produce a much . greater amount
than in the past, provided that labor
! and other costs are brought to a world
' basis, so that this country can com-,
1 pete on eq uil terms with ether coun- j
tries. The financial situation is sound, j
and such inflation as Ims occurred has i
been due to government financing. j
Expenses a Billicn a Month
i The present war expenses of the ft
ease, ana untu now nave not cousumi
ed a dangerous burden. It is a serious
question, however, how long we can
stand this immediate burden without
danger to business,
. The question of price readjustment
after the war is a serious one and may
be cne of the most disturbing factors.
i It is not to be expected, oi course,
jthat war prices will continue to pre
vail after peace, yet it will take time
to adjust prices for labor and products
to the new basis. As yet we have
taken no steps to bring about this ad
justment. If we wait until the war
has actually ended and our commer-
cial rivals have entered the field be-
fore us we will have great difficulty
in maintaining our prsition. There
should be an ample supply of funds
for all requirements after the war.
Most of the work at present is being
done for the government so that pay-
ment therefor is certain.
further increased debit balance?" asks
ths paper in despair. '"We had to
realize our American securities to
pay for raw materials while the
United States was still neutral, to
meet demurrage on our ships held in
American ports."
, The conclusion seems inevitable to
the Gazette that Germany must so
curtail her cotton and copper imports
from the United States that they do,
not exceed, or only slightly exceed,
her own exports of fertilizers, dyes,
chemicals, etc. The rest of Germany's
erstwhile imports from America, it
says, can and must, be stricken off
the list.
"Our imports of American agricul
tural machinery must cease," says the
writer. The openings offered in Rus
sia, Rumania and the Balkans are sd
great that we must push our own ma
chinery there with all our might."
is on the same extensive scale, with
aerodromes for balloons and air
planes, great stacks of coal and mam
moth tanks for fuel oil.
Naval headquarters is in constant
wireless touch with the whole range
of this naval activity, along the 300
miles of front and far out to sea where
the convoys are steadily moving in
and out. All the orders are issued
here for this intricate movement, the
meetings at sea at appointed places
and the zig-zag routes which will
cheat the hostile craft lying off the
coast. From outside headquarters one
sees the wireless antennae stretching
off to a near-by church steeple, thus
giving a great sweep of wire for gath
ering the sound waves. There is also
direct telegraph and telephone, so that
if need be conversations may go on
between naval chiefs and American
officers at Paris or London.
It is a huge work this big estab
lishment is carrying on. On the strict
ly naval side are the defensive and
offensive operations defense of
American and other allied shipping in
the vast movement of men and ma
terial across the Atlantic, and of
fensive in the war of extermination
bein made against enemy subma
rines. Outside of the naval operations,
there is the steady march of a vast
naval construction at all the ports
along this 300 miles of sea front, re
pair plants, fuel stations, oil tanks,
water works, and all the requirements
of a great naval establishment which
is constantly expanding..
JAPAN'S TRADE GROWS
Ity Review loused Wire)
TOKIO. Sept. 20 Japanese trade
with the United States increased dur
ing the six months emled June 30. Ex
ports to the United States gained $30,
500.000, and imports J97.000.000.
The increase in exports was ac-
j counted for by the large shipments of
raw nlk, bahutae and other staples,
j cotton, iron and machinery, as a re-
suit of the flourishing state of Japan's
I industries.
The way war taxes have hit the
rich there's really more money in be
ing poor. Knoxville Journal and
Tribune.
EDDIE GRANT DIED AN AMERICAN HERO;
DIED WHILE TRYING TO SAVE OTHERS
1 1. 'i t
1 A
SOLDIERS HAD RATHER
HAVE CANDY THAN
ANYLlpUOR
ARMY OFFICER WRITES THAT
SWEETS ARE RAPIDLY TAKING
PLACE ONCE OCCUPIED BY
ALCOHOLIC BEVERAGES IN LIK
ING OF FIGHTING MEN
"Give the liquor to someone else,
and allow my men a larger ration of
candy, and, I'll guarantee we will lick
the Huns we meet," said an army of
ficer. A few years ago candy wasn't look
ed upon by the public generally as
fuel for the body as a real "bracer"
when overcome by fatigue but today
it 'is so recognized.
The Yanks and the Tommies, the
Frenchmen and the Italians, and all of
the other allies, will vouch for this.
Sugar, whether in the form of candy,
or other sweet stuff, acts as a stimu
lant, and as candy is easier to car
ry, and much easier to take, than in
any other form, it is being snipped to
the soldier boys by the shipload and
by the trainload.
Incidentally, this discovery speaks
well 'for the future of the industry.
Because of a shortage of sugar, only
4 per cent of the output in the United
States is made into candy, whereas
formerly 8 per cent was used, but
after the war candy seems destined
to come into its own to be recog
nized because of its real food value.
T.ierefore you owe it to yourself
to eat a certain amount of candy when
you feel in need of a bracer. Or, if
you are willing to get your sVeets in
the form of hoaey or sprup, or plain
sugar, you can send your share of
candy to the soldier boys in the
camps.
They'll appreciate it, and as they
nibble a bar of chocolate, or munch
a cocoanut bar, or some other form
of chocolate, while on the march, or in
the trenches, they will thank you for
your thoughtfulness.
EASY AS SHOOTING
FISH, SAYS MALLOY
(Bv Review Leased Wire)
SEATTLE, Wash.. Nov. 2 When
one can score an easy bullseye on
flying fish, shooting from-a launch,
that rolls and pitches in the Pacific,
one is qualified to expect success in
downing Booh aviators.
Such Is the belief of Nathan H.
Malloy, of Honolulu, w-ho has come
here to enlist; in the aviation corps.
Malloy is the son of a Honolulu sea
captain. He spent much of his boy
hood in the novel sport of -shooting
flying fish off Diamond Head, near
the entrance to Honolulu'liarbor. He
said the sport was far more excit -
Ing than shooting quail or other wild
fowl, and the skill acquired after
lens practice, he believes, will stand
him in need-when he mounts aloft
in an airplane to tackle the German
flyer.
YANKS TRADE BREAD
WITH THE AMERICAN FORCES
IN 1 FRANCE. Sept. 23 A common
sight along the highways of r ranee
J-4 S T
.; Mm-'- J
h if! Mir
it -i-f I
&r-ini..i,.. .
Mi Wi
&Yfft
where American troops are in camp i patches on the sea are charted these
is to see the Americans trading their , days. A sunken submarine may emit
white bread supplied by the army for! oil for weeks. To guard against navy
the darker bread baked by the French aerial patrols wasting bombs on sub
peasants. The Americans say the mersibles already finished, a record of
white bread is the finest in the world such cases is kept and shown on maps
but that they like the French bread kept up to date.
for a change. Aviators patrolling the same sec-
The French bread is baked in large tion of water for days become actus
circular loaves and at times American tomed to these "permanent" patches
soldiers may be seen swinging along and waste no time on them. A man
the roadways on their way from a over new water, however, must fre
village to their camp with the bread quently consult his map. -hooked
on their arms and a little box
of Fren h cheese In their hands. SUBSCRIBE FOR THE REVIEW
rHx- v
7 CaphV'
Eddie.
GpAnt
Details that are now corainjr in of
Eddie Grant's last -hours show thai
the old Giants' third baseman died
like a hero. He was struck by a
(.bell while leading bis battalion in a
desperate fight to relieve Whittle
sey's iekaruered men in the Ar
gonne forest early this month.
BRITISH ARMY NOW
WHOLLY DEMOCRATIC
, IN ITS FUNCTIONING
ONE EFFECT OF WAR HAS BEEN
TO RUB OUT OLD FEELING OF
CLASS AND CASTE FROM RANKS
OF DEFENDERS OF FREEMEN
OF WORLD
LONDON, Sept. 18 (Correspondence
of The Associated Press.) One result
of the war has been to democratize
the British army, and it is regarded
as practically certain that after peace
has been declared England will have
a large standing army in which a
large number of men of birth and edu
cation will be serving in the ranks.
Before the South African war the
private was "a man of no social ac
count." He was forbidden entry to
what corresponded to the American
"orchestra" of a theater, and was told
that his proper place was the gal
lery. The real democratization of the
army began when Lord Kitchener
summoned the whole people of Eng
land to service in the king's forces.
With he calling of every class, dif
ferences of social caste became oblit
erated. Officers of the old degime contend
that there can be no effectual mili
tary discipline if officers and men
fraternize socially. The other night a
general saw one of his officers din
ing at a famous London restaurant
with a private soldier. He took the
officer aside and expostulated with
him on his infraction of the army
code. The officer's answer was, "The
soldier is my brother."
England today has many of her
proudest sons in the ranks, among
them the Earl of Crawford, who is
serving as a hospital orderly. Some
of these again and again have refused
commissions.
FLYING'S WONDERFUL GROWTH.
LONDON. Nov. 2. No other de
velopment in human history has
shown so remarkable results' as has
flying in the last ten years, says Lord
Montagu of Beaulieu, a British ccien-
tist and aviation expert.
"When the Wright brothers visit
ed Europe ten years ago," he said
"the airplane engines were of 24-
horsepower. Today they are of 750
horsepower in some cases, and the
airplane's carrying capacity has in
creased from about 126 pounds to 31, i
tons.
"Ten thousand feet was then the
highest flight. Today we are doing
26.000. And while 40 miles an hour
was then the highest speed, today we
are approaching 160.
"The British army in France began
only with 36 planes. I may not give
the number today, but it is huge."
Long flights to and from America.
jfor instance would be possible after
the war, Lord Montagu said, adding
jthat he himself hoped some day to
fly to IifJia. For long-distance flying,
1 however, he continued. It would be
necessary to evolve a silent engine,
for the public would" not be willing
to take lengthy trips in noisy air
planes. CHART 8UNKEN SUBS
(By Review Leiwed 'Vlre) -LONDON.
Sept. 22. Even
oil
d 1ST Ml
M.ii if
8 Q yi
LIEUT. JAMES TONG
TELLS OF FLIGHTS
IN THEAIR SCOUT
LOCAL YOUNG MAN QUOTED AT
LENGTH ABOUT HIS FLIGHT IN
NEW AIR MAIL SERVICE BE
TWEEN NEW YORK AND NA
TIONAL CAPITAL
In the last issue of the Air Scout,
a magazine published at the U. S.
aviation field at Garden City, New
Yerk, and devoted, of course, to the
affairs of the government air service,
appears a page article about Lt. James
A. Tong, well known In the Warren
district where he has worked during
bis , summer Vacations. ' Lieutenant
Tong is a brother of Mrs. T. O. Mc
Grath of Warren. The article has to
do with Lieutenant Tong's flight over
the U. S. mail route between New
York. and Washington and quotes from
him in his Interview, telling of his
experiences on this flight and his
observations regarding the airship
service and its uses for photography
and surveying, as well as for mail
service. A striking picture of Lieu
tenant Tong In his plain accompan
ies the article.
If you have money saved up. buy
a Liberty bond. If you haven't, buy
a Liberty bond and save some money.
Arkansas Gazette.
THIS WOMAN
SAVED FROM
AN OPERATION
By taking Lydia E. Pinkham's
Vegetable Compound, One
of Thousands of Such Cases.
. Ti..i, r;. Folia Wis "A T.vdia
E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound
anvAi m from fin i
operation, I cannot
say enough in praise
of it. I suffered from
organic troubles and
my side hurt me so
I could hardly be up
from my bed, and I
was unable to do my
housework. I had
the best doctors in
Enu Claire and they
wanted me to have
n nrwmtion. but
1 nAin V. Pinkham's '
VK.tWa Compound cured me so I did
not need the operation, and I am telling ,
.11 v friends about it." Mrs. A. W.
B Inzer, Black River Falls, Wis.
It is just such experiences aa that of
Mrs. Binzcr that has made this famous
root and herb remedy a household word
from ocean to ocean. Any woman who
...r... inftammntinn. ulceration.
BUlino nut" .. ....... p
displacements, backache, nervousness.
irregularities or "ine Diues wiuuiu
. nntti ah Vaft ttrivpn it a trial.
HUl irai. uut.li ' - - - - '
and for special advice write Lvdia t.
Finkbam Medicine u., i-ynu, bibbs.
!pl!!j
Ivy
mm
LlYoI
Truths Versus Falsehoods
You can go in court, as far as you like, under Amendment 100, BUT---You
won't need to and you won't want to.
One year's experience under Amendment 100 will convince you that:
The agitators have been lieing to you as they always have;
That their lies have nothing but the old. old purpose of creating turmoil
among employers, employees, business men, realty owners, investors,
women and children everybody in Arizona.
You will find these agitators and their dupes at the polls working against
Amendment 100.
Because it is so liberal and fair a measure that it will blast their claim
that everything coming from the employer is bad for the employes BUT:
They won't tell you increased wage from the employer is bad;
They won't tell you that Amendment 100 means Increase In pay when you
are hurt and most need pay, from one-half to two-thirds of your wages;
1 They won't tell you that it means life
f .LI 1.
jThat means that the whole amount can be paid you in a lump sum;
TJiat in case of death lump sum settlement can be made;
That if you have a wife or children or other dependents they automatically
get the insurance, JS.000 if you are earning as much as $6.35 the day;
That no wife or child can be kept out of the full insurance money, whether
they can work or not, or whether they have $1 or 11.000,000, and that no
parent can be kept out of the insurance money unless independently
wealthy.
Or, that the lowest paid laborer In hazardous employment would have $5,700
paid for his life;
Or, that $2500 of life insurance costs an average of $S7.00 the year for a
man 29 years old, as compared with $3,000 insurance at no cost to the
employe;
Or, that $2,000 is higher than the average insurance carried by American
citizens;
Or, that all of the paymehts provided for every kind or injury are higher
under Amendment 100 than under any other tlaw in the world, or;
They won't tell you that it is unlikely that another compensation law will evef
be offered that will give as much, because all measures of value upon
everything, including life, will -fall after the war.
Amendment 100 was made up from the successful compensation laws of
32 states and in which the workmen and people would revolt if they were
taken from them. It proposes to make conditions better for every soldier re
turning home after the war and we owe lt to these A well as to ourslves to
work and vote for it.
Arizona Business men of all classes, associated with more than 60.000
employes whose interests. are mutual, have demanded an adequate state com
pensation law and have endorsed Amendment 100 and have pledged them
selves to work under it if adopted.
SEE THAT IT IS ADOPTED
VOTE FOR AMENDMENT 100
NO BRITISH "HEROES"
(By Rsvlew leased Wire)
LOXDOX, Sept. 26. British air
force authorities do not allow publica
tion of stories of exploits of the most
successful British aviators using the
the names as in France and Germany
because it is considered unfair to men
who are doing fine work but who
have not had opportunities for win
ning many air victories. Although they
say the loss of a famous aviator cre
ates a bad impression if the people
at home have been led to believe that
he is almost a superman.
This view also is taken y many
British flying officers. One of them
recently wrote: "l go into the air
perfectly equipped to bring down
"Hun" machines. A pilot on artillery
observation or photography work goes
up to do a highly necessary job. and
perhaps to spend several hours over
it and in any case has other work to
do and cannot go strafhig however
much he might like it. Why should
I be advertised and glorified any more
than he is? We both are trying to do
our job and nobody can do more."
NO TOBACCO, LESS GRAPES
AMSTERDAM. Sept. 30. The scar
city of tobacco in Germany has af
fected the vineyards, as there is no
more nicotine extract with which to
spray the vines to kill vermin, and a
substitute has not yet made its appearance.
-VOTE FOR
STRIFE
DISCORD
50 -50
payment if you are permanently dia-
Information Bureau Arizona Work
men's Compensation Law Folsom
Moore. President; J. E- Curry, Secre
tary; Directors: W. P. Mahoney. State
Senator Moha,ve County, Oatman. Art
! zona; Andrew Kimball. Chairman
! State Foard of Trade. Thatcher. Ari
zona; R. A. Nickerson. Manager Saginaw-Manistee
Lumber Company. Wil
liams. Arizona; John L. Donnelly. ex
President Arizona State Federation pf
Labor, Pho nix, Arizona; G. M. Colvo
roresses. General Manager Consoli
dated Arizona Smelting Company.
Humboldt. Arizona; J. E. Curry. Sec
retary Arizona Chapter American Min
ing Congress. Bisbee, Arizona; Fol
som Moore. Tucson Typographical
Union. Tucson, Arizona. Adv.
AMERICA 4S MODEL
ARCHANGEL. Sept. 11 (Corre
spondence of the Associated Press).
America is held up as a model for
regenerated Russia by the Siever
nole Utro, an Archangel newspaper,
in urging Russians to restore their
country to its former place in the
world. .
"The ideals of America and Russia
are alike," aserts the paper. "Both
countries strive for permanent demo
cratic, peace, and equally hate the
German imperialism. We hope that
our friendly feelings toward America
will allow us to grow more and mora
acquainted with her life and culture
and, that, taking her as a model.
Rutsla will occupy her former rank. THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 3, 1918.
SEVEN
i
i
I
"No Pity for the Beast, "Says Paris Editor;
"We French Know the Boche Better Than
Anyone Knows Him"
Stephana Lauzanne, editor Paria le
Matin: We French people only lay
claim to one superiority over our al
lies, but we insist upon it, we assert
we know the boche better than any
one knows him. We have had to
stand him for 60 years, and fur 50
years we have lived side by side. We
know all about him, all that he is
worth; how he should be spoken to
and how he should be treated. Ten
years ago M. Delcasse, French min
ister of foreign afafirs, said to me:
"If you hold out your linger to a Ger
man you are done for. He will take
your hand, your arm, your shoulder,
yr whole body. The clenched fist is
I oi.ly gesture the German under-
fc...ai.J
Hunt Respect Brute Force
These words are profoundly true.
For generations the Germans have
been brought up to worship brute
force. Force is all they employ, all
they understand. They "bow down to
nothing else but force. To believe that
suddenly, within 24 hours, they will
understand and put into practice those
undying principles of right and justice
and humanity, is to .believe that in 21
hours a gorilla can be changed into
a poodle.
For three years German aviators
have been butchering women and chil
WEEKLY NEWS LETTER YOUNG
MEN'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION
OF WARREN
The following new members and
renewals nave Deen repuncu uj -,
H. Hardin be-!
dustrial Secretary C.
tween the dateB of October 28 and j
31st inclusive: Octaat ucivaci, jam j
r I
S Walters, Joe ti. flowers, Le u ,
Brockman Hsrry Birdsall, Dan Lee, ,
Avelardo Galvez. Edward Roberts, O.
T. Key, Fred Matthews, Watts Bry-;
ant, J. J. Matthews, G. D. Graham, S
Bellon. D. H. Smith,,
Pete McCullough, Samuel A. Kraft,
PhriR Romanov. Steven J. Davey, ;
Frpd M. ITtzman. J3. G. Johnson, J. C. .
Wertz, R. O. Owen,- Albert S. Kent,
Tnm SaratsoDlos. . 1
A letter has been received from
Henry Perkins from New York, where
he is awaiting call to go overseas in
the Y .M. C .A. work. He states
that he ia due to sail on the next sail
ing date, and that he has been kept
busy while at New York doing odd
Jobs, such as canteen work, etc. He
is very desirous of going across, and
his many friends at the Y. M. C. A.
hope' that his desire may be fulfilled
in the near future, a3 we feel sure
that Mr. Perkins will render very ef
fective service in the Y. M. C. A.
work with the soldiers "over there."
O. H Tomlinson, a very active
member of the "Y" had the misfor
tune of crushing Jiis right foot in the
mine where he is employed, and is
now at the Copper Queen hospital,
and reDorted . as doing nicely. Hi
friends at the "Y" hope that h will
have a speedy recovery.
The association has had the pleas
ure of hearing from Henry Aiken,
who is now at Baltimore. Ohio. He
visited the large association at Bal
timore, and reports a good wprk be
ing done there, in connection with the
soldiers who are stationed near there.
He states that the lobby at the Bal
timore association at the time of his
visit held about four hundred men,
three-fourths of whom were soldiers
He also visited Harry Harshman, who
is now at Annapolis, and who is a
fourth-class man at the United States
Naval academy, and is doing splen
did work. Harry Harshman is a liis
bee boy, and the son of P.ev. Harsh
man of this city. His many friends
in the district will be glad to hear
of his success.
Frank Butler, who has been away
from his work, and for sometime has
been unable to run the moving pic
ture machine at the "Y" is able to
be about again. This will be pleas
ing news to the movie goers at the
Y. M. C. A., as just as soon as the
quarantine is lifted, we will be able
to enjoy a good movie show on Satur
day nights.
A letter has been received from
Tom Rushin, a very active "Y" mem
ber, who went to El Paso to try
to pass the examination for the United
States navy. He states that he ha
passed the examination and that he
is very soiry he will he unable to
stop off at Bishee before leaving to
say goodbye to his many friends at
the Y. M. C. A.
Claude Harwell, another "Y" mem
ber taken down by influenza, and who
has teen at th Calumet end Arizona
lioppital, has recovered, and is again
able to be about.
Percy I'ase, a.spi.stant boys' secre
tary, who has b-n out at the camp
at Lewis Springs has7 returned, so
the hoys' bath department will lie
rpen every day bet wen the hours ol i
5 and 6, go that the boys' depart men;,
may still have their baths, during t!ie
quarantine.
A card ilias been received from
Ilanicl Slnrck. Use physical dnctof
of the Y. M. ('. A., who left a i" k
ago. accompanied by S. S.. Sufford.
and wife, and Minn Florence HuckP'.t
for a hunting trip through tlin north
ern part of Arizona. He rrports that
there is lots of guuie. and (but he et.
fects to be goue another week or so.
dren on English soil, while nothing;
has happened to move the German
people to indignation; but now that in
turn the allies are bombarding Slay
euce. Treves, Cologne, Frankfort, they
are beginning Co realize that there
may be some penalty attached to tneir
favorite sport of killing innocent peo
ple in their very homes; and the
slaughter Alia suddenly ceased. ,
v'For four years they have plundered,
burned, sacked our tair French cities
without having met with similar treat
ment, but it has been sufficient for
Foch to come rather near the German : ideologists or philosophers or theore
border, and Clemenceau to say, ticians, but just peasants and bour
Enough. If Lille i3 touched, Fiankrigeois condemned by the laws of geog
fort will be made to pay!" and, as if raphy to live eternally next to a beast,
by enchantment, Lille is respected, solemnly warn our friends and broth
For four years war has been turned ers of America and says to them :
into a kind of scientific brigandage, "No'pity for the beast. If you step
such aa the barbarians of old never at the banks of the Rhine, whatever
dreamed of; and today it is Sufficient ! treaty may be offered to you. what
for President Wilson, and back of him 'ever clauses it may contain, whatever
120 million. people, to say, "No armis-1 so-called democratic regime may be
tice as -long as you behave like sav- established in Germany, whatever so
ages" and orders are at once ! ciety of nations it may allow, you will
changed and warfare, too.
We Must Heed the Lesson
We shall sutler for it if we do not
heed the lesson, and fail to go to the j over again. If you do not wish to be
very end. Liberty and democracy will : gin again, close your ears, cross the
be powerless later if, while they have i Rhine and Elba and go as far as the
Germany by the throat, they fail to j Spree. And let your men step hard
hold her with a firm grip, and make on German soil."
. i
MINING DISTRICT
Mr. SUirck's friends at the "Y" sus-
-
er than a hunting trip, and were sur-
prised to see by iiis card that he is
diujs-c
; tl niA timn Inft tiAvVtl-A (ho raicltlff
ot the quarantine, afld we may still
have the pleasure of hearing the f ood
news.
- -
wP. Thomcson. bors' secretary is
s$u out at Lewis Springs with a
namber of boys who are enjoying !
camp life. This is the fourth week
that the boys have been at Lewis
Springs, and Mr. Thompson had al-
I most decided that they had enough
of camp life, and was ready to re
turn, but the boys would not have it.
so they will probably remain there
during the entire quarantine.
Teachers of both day and night
schools who were not out of town
during the quarantine, were last week
tpnt huuir hplnine' Mr Krfihs in eet-
ting cut the questionnaires, and this I circling army that is surely strangling
week have be. n helping the men fill I Prussianism to death. Arizonaus rep
ihm n.it rHv fnr th final ovamin-i resent a sector that is less distance
ation of the same, by the notaries
and officers duly selected for final ex
amination and stamping of the ques
tionnaires. This has made the Y.
M. C. A. from early morning till 9
p. m. every day a busy place.
1. E.. Mecorney of the Executive
staff of the Y. M. C. A. was confined
to his home three days, sufftring
from an attack of the grippe, but a
again back to his duties, which is
pleasing news to the many members
of the "Y."
The Hi-Y school authorities are con
siderably elated over the fact that the
United States government offers to
furnish a certificate cf graduation fci
conjunction with that given by the
Ki-Y nteht school, to every one who
sutcesslully pass2s these school ex
aminations, and the examination of
the United States naturalization ex
aminer. Superior Court Judge Lock
wood has already given his hearty ap
proval of this work) basing his judg
ment on the rsults of work already
The End
her swallow to the last bitter drop the
abominable medicine we have had to
swallow for four years.
There ia no Joy in writing these
line3. It is much pleasanter and much
easier to go on the mountain tops and
pen well sounding articles on generos
ity and pity and forgiveness and good
will among men. But there are cer
tain hours when it is serving human
ity to roll up one's sleeves, take the
knife and cut into human flesh. Such
an hour we have now reached.
We Frenchmen, who are neither
not have insured the" peace of the
world. We shall meet again ten years
hence; for all will have to be done
done, as shown in the fact that not
one of the students failed to pass ex-
! amination for citizenship in his court
i at the recent examinations in Tomb
, stone, the county ;eat, the school
authorities feel a just pride in the
j work being done here. Every for
I eigner should take pride in availing
himself of the opportunity olfered.
and when the quarantine is lifted
enter at once on whatever study is
necessary to complete his citizenship
and secure the government's diploma.
It will be a paper to be kept and
proudly exhibited- to those of the
families coming after.
ARIZONA SOLDIERS
CLOSE TO BORDER
OF BLOODY GERMAN
"WAY THEY ARE GOING IT MAKES
ME PROUD TO BE ONE OF
THEM," SAYS SERGEANT ANDt
MARTIN, PIONEER TUCSON SOL
DIER, IN PERSONAL LETTER
TUCSON, Nov. 2. In the great en-1
from the German frontier than the
distance from Tucson to Fort Lowell,
according to Sergeant Andrew P.
Martin, who has been heard from
by several of his friends here this
week.
The Arizonans on this sector have
already been in action and of their
conduct Sergeant Martin says, in a
letter to Ray B. Leach, secretary ol '
the chamber of commerce, dated Sep-;
tember 2S: I
"The th U in action and in
the thick of it and the way the Arl-I
zona boys are going into it makea me j
proud temje one of them. The next
time I write you it will be from some
where in Germany. We are now
closer to the kaiser's own soil than
Fort Lowell is to your own office."
Writing to Deputy United States
Marshal James Treahey, Sergeant
Martin says in part:
"It is now nearly three weeks since
the primary and we are all very anx
ious to know who were the successful
candidates. The last newspaper from
home is dated August 5, so you cap
of the First Round.--"ALL HET UP."
SCORE:-EIGHT TO FOUR.
j see how wel posted we are. You
; ("enirrrats ought to wake up and give
ui ienows a chance to vote. Out of
probably 600 Arizona voters in our
j.-.;!ment probably 5 received their
La.nts for the primary. I certainly
wojIJ appreciate an opportunity to
oa at the November election.
"After waiting nearly a year our
regiment ia at last on the firing line.
We left the camp from which I wrote
you 'last, early this month, and arrived
at the front just in time to do our
bit in the first big American offensive
Our division has driven the Huns out
of that portion of France which they
have (deleted by censor) and our
regiment is today closer to German
soil than Tucson is to Fort Lowell.
"We have already had a number ol
casualties, both killed and wounded,
and it certainly caused a feeling ot
deep d( pression among us on receipt
of the sad news. Two boys of our
battery, one of them from Phoenix
and a member of the Knights of Co
lumbus, were the first killed in our
regiment. Our chaplain. Father
O'Toole, conducted tBe services at a
little cemetery right at the battle
front, with, German shells whistling
all around the little burial party.
"Magazine writers and press corre
spondenta may try to tell about this
life at the front, but the truth will
not be known to those away from
here until it is all over and the boys
who have lived through it return to
tell their story. Many are the comical
scenes, hardships and little tragedies
which the professional gatherer of
news can never learn about, but which
the boys will narrate to the folks at
home when it is all over.
"Very few things here have sur
prised me. I expected to see and ex
perience many wonderful things and
I'll be frank to eay I have not been
disappointed. The underground living
places built by the Germans during
their four years' possession of this
country remind a fellow of Grimm's
Fairy Tales. This' is a hilly country
and every hill is a network of caves
with walls of concrete, electrically
lighted, with feather beds to sleep on
and other conveniences which only
the well-to-do are accustomed to. Ol
course the Huns "tried to destroy
these things but in their hnrried de
parture they were not entirely suc
cessful." Mis Mary Marti of North Stone
avenue has received the following
letter from her brother, the sergeant:
"Sept 26, 1818.
"Dear Mary: I started to write you
lost night, and had written about five
words, when we got orders to. pack
up and move. It may be some time
before another chance to write pre
sents itself.
"The past two weeks have certain
ly been exciting ones. On several
occasions we have' had to change our
camp twice every' 24 hours. German
planes located our camp, with th4
result that they shelled the site, but
we beat them to it by moving during
the night. .
"We are no longer In the southern
part of France, in fact, we are now ir.
the opposite corner. Here the nights
1. 1 l tuugci aim iuiuci, null jicuij
of rain. As we have to carry every.
thing on our horses. I was obliged
to throw away about half of what I
had before leaving. Since then I
have had to reduce the size of my
roll several times, and I suppose be
fore long it will be down to a pair of
blankets, an extra suit of underwear,
an overcoat and a slicker.
"As we go along the road we see
supplies of aU'kind3 lying along the
road, z saddle here, an overcoat there,
rifles, ammunition, blanket rolls and
scores of other things which have
been left either by the Germans in
their hurry to get away or by our own
soldiers in order to lighten theli
packs.
"This affair cannot last much long-
er. I really believe we are near the
end of it now. I recently conducted by an air pilot re-
"Whenever you can help any of vealed how thoroughly mere flight has
those patriotic organizations, such as been stabilized. In mid-air the pilot
the Red Cross, do so, as they are released his hand and foot controls
doing an immense amount of good entirely and touched nothing for 20
over here. And at home everyone miles, leaving his machine to fly it
must do his or her share, and a little self until just before landing,
more besides. j "You couldn't do that with an au-
"It is now nearly seven weeks since tomobile," he laughed, after describ
the last paper from home arrived, and ing the performance to fellow flyers.
1 aa to the Examiner, I have never yet
seen a copy of it
We are still right up at the front,
so you can imagine how hot they ar
making it for us. Men who have been
fighting here since the war began tell
me that this fight in which we are
now participating is harder and more
exciting than any since the war be
gan. "Our battery has had a few casual
ties, Arizona men, but are all going
to be a little bit more careful here
after. In my last letter I told you
that Louis Yount was 'gaased.'' T."it
was not the case; a shell exploded
right near him and he fell unconsci
aus and was taken to the hospital. It
wasn't gas but simply the concussion
that knocked him out. He recovered
the next day and is now back with
the battery.
"Well, I'll write you again as soon
as I get a chance.
"Your loving brother. ANDY."
JOHN SMITH'S MOTTO
REVAMPED FOR USE
MODERHJOLSHEVIK
HE. WHO DOES NOT WORK DOES
NOT EAT IS RULE ADOPTED BY
RUSSIANS IN THEIR ATTEMPT
TO ORDER THEIR COMMUNITY
LIVES ONCE MORE
MOSCOW, Aug. 21 Correspondence
of the Associated Press).WHe who
does not work does not eat," is the
chief motto of the Soviet republic,
embodied in the constitution, approv
ed by the Fifth AU-Russian Soviet
congress and just printed and put into
general circulation.
The right of holding office and
voting for officials is confined ex
clusive to men and women over 18
"obtaining their livlihood by produc
tive and publicly beneficial labor, as
well aa those persons engaged in do
mestic economy which afofrd to the
former the possibility of productive
labor. For example workmen and
employers of all categories, engaged
in industry, trade, agriculture, etc.,
peasants and cossack farmers who do
not engage hired labor for profit."
Soldiers of the Soviet army and
navy and citizens who have been
workmen or soldiers but are incapaci
tated are also permitted to enjoy
franchise. Foreigners residing in
Russia who fall within the Soviet's
definition of workmen and soldiers
are also granted the ballot.
The right of franchise is specifically
denied to all persons, regardless of
whether they fall within the catagory
of workmen and soldiers, if they hire
labor for profit, live on unearned In
come, such as interest from capital
or income from property or enter
prise. Monks and clergymen are also
denied the right of franchise, together
with officials and agents of the former
police, members of the former reign
ing houee, insane persons and con
victs.
Absolute preventation of the ex
ploitation of one man by another in
the chief avowed purpose of the Soviet
constitution. Consequently It abolish
es all class distinction, confiscates
all real estate. Including that of the
church, nationalizes all woods, min
erals, waterways and live stock and
authorizes labor control of all in
dustries, such as mills, mines and rail
ways for the purpose of "insuring
the authority of the working people
over the exploiters."
FLYING STABILIZED.
. (Hv Review Leased Wlre
AN AMERICAN AERODROME Irs
FRANCE. Sent. 22. An exneriment
LETTS HAVE WORKED
OUT THEIR NATIONAL
EXISTENCE IN RUSSIA
TWO AND A HALF MILLION PEO
PLE COMPRISE NEW INDEPEND
ENT RACE, RESIDING IN LIVON
IA AND COURLAND; SPEAK
ANCIENT ARYAN TONGUE
PETROGRAD, Aug. 30 (Correspon
dence of the Associated Press. Birth
of a nation of 2.600,000 people, or a
population greater than that of Nor
way, to be called Lettland, will be
one of the results of the world war,
if the demands of the Letts of Li
vonia and Courtland are granted.
The people living in the former
Russian Baltic provinces are chafing
under German domination forced upon
them by Prussian rifles and will plead
for the right of self-determination be
fore the peace congress that ends the
war. Letts predominate in Livonia
and Courtland and have a distinct
language and civilization wholly un
like those of the Esthonians.
The Lettish language is closely re
lated to the ancient Aryan and is
regarded as one of the oldest of Eu
ropean tongues. It Is rich in folk
lore and popular legends. Lettish
theaters are maintained at Riga, Ll
bau and several of the other larger
cities. The Letts boast many novel
ists, playwrights, artists and musi
cians and hold aloof from the Ger
mans. In all the world the Letts number
about 2.000,000. The territory in
which Letts predominate, and which
they insist should be set aside for
them to govern embraces Courtland
Livonia and several districts in the
western part of the Russian govern
ment of Vitebsk, including the dis
tricts of Dvinsk, Luzine and Recritze
The total population of this proposed
government to be called Lettland, is
2,600.000 about 150,000 less than that
of Denmark. The area of the pro
posed Lettland is 62,325 kilometers,
which is one-fifth the size of Italy or
Great Britain and 50 per cent larger
than either Switzerland or Denmark.
The Letts comprise 68 oer cent of
the population of the territory they !
want to govern. The Russians make ;
up 12 per cent of the inhabitants and
the Germans 7 per cent. The remain
ing population is chiefly Jewish and
Polish. Seventy-seven per cent of the
CRIME IS GROWING.
STOCKHOLM. Sweden, Nov. 2
Police statistics show a greatly in
creasing criminality in Sweden. The
number of crimes of all kinds report
ed in Stockholm during the first six
months of the present year was 12.200,
as compared with 6.600 for the same
period of 1917. The chief increase
was due to thefts, of which thefts of
eatables and drinkables formed a
c-. k
Catarrh is a Real Enemy
and Requires Vigorous Treatment
Do Not Neglect It.
When you use medicated sprays,
atomizers and douches for your Ca
tarrh, you may succeed in unstopping
the choked-up air passages for the
time being, but this annoying condi
tion returns, and you have to do the
same thing over and over again.
Catarrh has never yet been cured
by these local applications. Have
you ever experienced any real benefit
frcEi ssch treatment?
A SERIES OF
LITTLE TALKS ABOUT
YOUR
JUST because you happened to buy a
used Ford Prom a private owner or
from some other automobile dealer don t
assume that we are not interested in you
or your machine.
CjWe are interested in EVERY Ford.
fj We want to see every Ford do all that
its owner has a right to expect of it. H
every person who buys a used Ford would
bring it here first thing to have it care
fully inspected and to get cur suggestions
on any point not fully understood, there
would be a lot of repair money saved.
j Remember, that we are not depending
on our repair department for a "living."
Hood &
Phone 63S -
Letts are Lutherans. Eighteen per
cent Roman Catholics and the re
mainder Greek Catholics. Sixty-six
per cent of the Letts residing in the
proposed Letiland can read and write.
It is the desire of the Letts to have
their independence under an interna
tional guarantee of neutrality. A na
tional council has been organized to
resist all movements to make a Ger
man principality out of Courtland and
Livonia. This council is urging that
Russia's inability to defend the Baltic
coast makes it Imperative that it
should be protected by international
action and kept clear as a pathway
frcm the west to the east.
Republican
State Ticket
Representatives in '
Congress
Thos. Maddock
Governor '
Thoma3 EL Campbell
Judge Supreme Court
A. A. Jayne
Secretary of State
Harry Kay
State Auditor
Chas. W. Fairfield
State Treasurer
James A. Jones
' Attorney General
David Benshirhol
Superintendent of
Public Instruction
H. E. Matthews
Corporation Commissioner
j. a COMPTON
Mine Inspector
John F. White
Throw these makeshift remedies to
the winds, and get on the right treat
ment. Go to your drug store to-day,
get a bottle of S. S. S, and commence
a treatment that has been praised by
sufferers for nearly half a century.
S. S. S. gets right at the source of
Catarrh, and forces from the blood
the germs which cause the disease.
You can obtain special medical advice
regarding your own case without
charge by writing to Medical Direc
tor. ZZ Swift Laboratory, Atlanta, Ga.
( s-)
Bledsoe
- Bisbee r EIGHT
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 3, 1918.
City Briefs
.
Has anyone visited you? Or
have you entertained? If bo, call
The Review after 6 p. m. and tell
the Society Editor, phone 39.
WEATHER.
Arizona: Sunday and Monday, fair;
not much change in temperature.
HERE FROM CANANEA.
Mr. and Mrs. C. E. Hoffman are in
the city from Cananea to spend a few
day! with friends.
WAS HERE YESTERDAY.
Miss Elsie Toles, c.-.onty school
superintendent, was iu the city yes
terday from Tombstone.
WERE MARRIED.
J. H. Bryant and -Ju:uia Sandoval
vera married last evening by Juduo
Hij:h at his office in the Allen block.
HAS RESIGNED POSITION.
Miss Margaret basso has resigned
ter position at the Fair store and will
leave today for her home i:i Mkhi
an. MRS- MARiOTTE BETTER.
Mrs. Pierre MarioVte, who has beta
very ill at her home suffering from
influenza, was reported yesterday to
be much better.
ILL WITH INFLUENZA.
Albert Riddle, blacksmith at the
Junction shaft, is ill at, his home on
Laundry hill, suffering from an at
tack of influenza.
RETURNED HOME. .
Mrs. Rose Doyle has returned to
her home in Tombstone canyon frcm
the C. A. hospital, where she under
went an operation.
RETURNS TO WORK.
Raymond Silvia of the Cochise
Motor company has returned to his
work after being off for some time
wing to an attack of influenza.
RETURNS HOME.
Mrs. Rodger Sanders returned home
to Tombstone last evening after
spending several days her on a visit
to her friend, Mrs. John Toomey.
FROM WILLCOX.
John Gungl, republican candidate
for count attorney was in the city
yesterday and willi remain here until
Monday in the interests of his candi
dacy. THROUGH TO TOMESTONE.
Attorney Frank Doan was in the
city yesterday on his w-ay to Tomb
stone from Douglas, where he was
called cn business before the superior
court.
ON FURLOUGH.
Phil Txvrea, who is stationed at
Camp Kearny, is spending a short
furlough in the district on a visit to
his wife and father and mother. He
expects to return to duty next week.
FUNERAL THIS AFTERNOON.
The funeral services over the re
mains of Mrs. W. W. Aseltine, who
died Wednesday, will be held this
afternoon at 1:30 o'clock from the
family residence in Warren. Rev.
Harshman will officiate.
SLIGHT RAINFALL.
The Warren district was visited
yesterday by a slight rainfall whiah
settled the dust and cleared the
atmosphere. There was quite a heavy
shower to the west, accompanied by
considerable thunder and lightning.
FUNERAL THIS MORNING.
The funeral services over the re
mains of Vivian Ben Bow, the 2-year-old
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. F. H.
Ben Bow, will be held this morning
at 10 o'clock from the family resi
dence on Naco road. Rev. Harshman
will officiate.
MANY DEATHS RECORDED.
Dr. Hunt, county health officer, has
received word from the city health
officer of Douglas that up to October
29 there had been 20 deaths in that
elty from influenza or diseases de
rived therefrom. Since that time a
number of deaths have been listed
in the Douglas papers.
DIES OF PNEUMONIA.
J. Strickland died yesterday morn
ing at 9 o'clock at his home on Laun
dry hill following a short illness of
PAY CASH-
pay LE
the; best quality for the lowest
possible price
Why not try us. It will pay
you. If you cannot call
Phone 29
And we will deliver your order at a small cost.
MONEY BACK if for any reason you are
not satisfied.
I X B. ANGIUS
PURE FOOD GROCER
U. S. Food Administration License No. G-16109
pneumonia. Mr. Strickland can: here
from California about a month ago
and has been employed at the Fair
store. He Is survived by a wifu resid
ing in California and a brother also,
! who have lecn informed of his death.
Funeral arrangements .will uot be
made until further word is received
. from relatives.
UNDELIVERED MESSAGES.
The following undelivered telegrams
are at the Western Union: Hen E.
Massey u)at(i, Arn.'harnulfo F.
Parede, Miss Mae Lyon, Carl Stone,
L. B. P.rthazo, Albert Snowden. Fred
S. Maker, V'm. Osele. William Me
Lecd, J.m Farmer, J. X. Malone.
CHRISTMAS GIFTS.
The cartons for the soldiers' Christ
mas presents will be distribuied at
the Red Cross rooms in the library
i:ist?ad of in the Elks' club, as previ
ously reported. On Monday, a.id
every day until November 15. there
wi'i be some one present to give tiim
cut to the public.
COFPER QUEEN GUESTS.
Mrs. V. J. Lowe.-y, Lee Wills, Dal
las, Tex.; Chant s Kisi ;i. New York;
Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Fauimine. San
Fruccirfco; A. C. I're.dcy, San Fran
cisco; C. S. Ki:!Ks:oi-t. St. Louis; J.
T. lieftreu, Los Angeles; Robert L.
Parker, Phoenix; J. Cohn, Los An-ftlt-s;
J. L. Tucker, Los Anyeles; O.
E. Beiu. Oakland. Cal ; Mr. and Mrs.
C. . E. Uofiaian, Cananea; F. O.
Mat key, 'lucson.
ACCEPTS NEW POSITION.
Jacques Siudorf, architect for the
Copper Queen company lor the past
feur months, left Friday nibt for
California, bavins; reigned his posi
tion here last wfek. Mr. Sindorf has
accepted a position in California and
was called there unexpectedly. He
has many friends in the district who
iiate to sej him leave, but wish him
every success in his new work.
RECEIVES COMMISSION.
Hubert f. Fox. rivil engineer, who
lifts been associated with A. G. Mc-
Gretior in the smelter constructing
work for the past seven years in Ari
zona, has received a commission as
caotin of engineers, and will leave
today for Camp Cody, N. M., to enter
upon his . new duties. Mr. Fox has
lived in Warren for the past two and
a half years and has mad? mrny
warm fri?nus.
BURIED TODAY.
C. Weuig, who died on Friday from
an attack of influenza, will be buried
this afternoon from the Palace Un
dertaking cbapel. The Elks will have
charge of the funeral and Father
Mandin will officiate. The deceased
leaves a wife and sister living here,
Mrs. John Gohing. The deceased had
been a resident of the district for
some time and has a number of
friends who regret to hear of his
death.
FUNERAL THIS EVENING.
The funeral services over the re
mains of the late Mrs. J. J. Murphy,
who died on Friday night, will be
held this evening at 5:30 lroui the
Falace Undertaking parlors. The de
ceased leaves a husband, J. J. Murphy,
an employe of the supply department
of the C. & A. Mining company; a
3year-old baby and an aunt, Mrs.
Clyde Wolf, of Warren. The sym
pathy of the many friends of the fam
ily is extended to the bereft husband
iu the hour of his irretrievable loss.
WANT MORE LABORERS.
Tliraa hundred rnmmnn nr unskilled
lahnrprs whites. r.eiTocs or Mexicans.
are being- sought in Arizona for work
at Portsmouth, Va., and the local en
rolling agents of the government aro
actively hunting for men. The average
wage will be $4.40 per day of ten
hours. Board will be $1 per day.
There will be separate ouarters for
whites, negroes anJ Mexicans. Any
one interested snouia apply to u. a.
French, Main stre?t, at Poppe's paint
shop or Union hall on O. 1C street.
NEW CHINESE PRESIDENT
PEKIXG, Sept. 15. (Correspondence
of the Associated Press) Hsu Shih
chang, China's new president Is a
man to whom most Chinese look up
as an experienced statesmen ' of the
Manchu days. Moreover, he has great
literary achievements which his coun
trymen admire, and is a peacemaker
to such an extent that even the rump
Parliament functioning at Canton may
also elect him president. He has
the added qualifications of not being
a military man.
1
M
ANfiUAL REPORT SHOWS
SUCCESSFUL YEAR FORI
PATERNAJJOCIETY
fatherless children of
france society here and in
douglas renders annual
Report upon rounding out
year on october 10
The Fatherless Children of France
society which was organized in Bis
bee and Douglas. October 10, 1917, has
just closed a most successful year. Xot
only successful from a financial
standpoint, but from the close rela
tionship which has been established
between the patrons of the organiza
tion here and the little children in
France. Many of the k-tters received
are filled with touching expressions
of gratitude for the asisisui.ice given
ihem by their kinl American friends
md as these letter are interesting
they wiJ be published from time lo
time In our local papers.
It is most gratifying to be able to
state that -many of those who under
took the support of children for the
past year have renewed and are re
newing their subscriptions. Through
their correspondence with their pro
teges in France they have become
deeply interest3d in continuing their
support.
Following is the report of the
year's work:
F.isbee individual ademptions T8
Adoptions by Itisbee committee.. Z'i
Dcuglas individual adoptions.... 47
Douglas committee adoptions 19
Tombstone adoptions - 2
Ray adoption 1
Mesa r.doptions 10
Willcox adoption 1
Humboldt adeptions 3
Salome adoption 1
Morenci adoptions 2
Silver City. X. M., adoption 1
Xacozarl, Sonbra, Mex., adoptions 3
Total
The Treasurer's Report.
From Bisboe individual adop
tions $2,
Donations
Warren Park dance
County Club dance
From. Douglas individual adop
tions 1,
Douglas donations
Douglas dances
Douglas entertainments ....
From sale of badges
201
868.79
19.00
663.77
362.75
902.50
53.00
647.70
192.00
73.65
Total receipts J6.783.16
Remitted to J. P. Morgan &
Co., Xew York 5.881.50
Balance on hand. Oct. 10..$ 901.66
Since this report was completed
many readoptions have been made
and a few new ones secured, so that
we have been able to send on to J. P.
Morgan & Co. an additional sum of
J1.024.
In a very short time we, hope to
publish a list of names of all new
subscribers and those who have re
newed their subscriptions.
The committee wishes to thank all
those who through their generous
contributions to this cause have so
materially assisted the little, father
less children of the devastated dis
tricts of France and it wishes to thank
particularly the papers of Bisoee and
Douglas who have contributed much
space to this work and who through
their efforts have been a most in
valuable aid. Had it not been for
their generosity in bringing this work
before the public it would have been,
impossible to accomplish so much in
the past year.
BISBEE YOUTH MEETS
DEATH IN FRANCE
Advices were received here yester
day to the effect that Floyd Campbell,
son of William Campbell and wife of
Tombstone canyon, had met death on
the battle front in France. Floyd left
Bisbee with one of the first contin
gents and went to Camp Funston and
was a very steady and upright young
been on the firing line for the past
few weeks. He was employed in the
local mines before he left here and
was a vetry steady and upright young
man. His father is at present located
at Ray. Arizona, but bis mother is still
a resident of this city. He has anoth
er brother here also.
The telegram did not Rive any de
tails, simply being the usual message
sent by the war department.
The many friends of Floyd will re
gret to hear of his death but realize
that he gave it for the sake of his
country. The sympathy of the entire
community Is extended to the mother
in the hours of her sorrow.
WRUNOWN CITIZEN
VICTIM OF INFLUENZA
L. F. Bottom, better known as Lem
Bottom, an engineer in the employ of
the Copper Queen Mining company,
died yesterday morning at his home in
Upper Lowell from an. attack of pneu
monia which followed an attack of in
fluenza. Mr. Bottom has been a resident of
the Warren district for over 15 years
and came here from Kentucky. He
was one of the most trusted engineers
in the employ of the company and had
worked a number of years at the Gard
ner shaft and also at the Sacramento.
ro funeral arrangements have been
made pending word from relatives
who have been telegraphed to.
Thn Swiss hotel-keepers are in
favor of opening peace negotiations
at onre in some neutral country.
New York Evening Fot.
ARMY AND Y JOIN
IN HELPING FOREIGN
BORN BISBEE YOUTH
LETTER FROM T. L. 2IMISKI TO
HIS SISTER TELLS WHAT COM
BINED INFLUENCES ARE DOING
TO SHAPE HIS FUTURE COURSE
IN LIFE
When they tell what the army has
done and is doing for our boys and
men in many ways we take it as a
general matter and let it go at that.
We know, of course, that it helps
them physically and that it instills
discipline and,. r?gular habits and
promotes alertness and resourceful
ness and all that sort of thing. But
hurts is a specific case whTe the
army and the Y. M. C. A. helped a
foreign born lil.-b?e boy iu a manner
pant belief j T. L. Ziniskl'is his name
and he is a Bohemian who enlisted in
t!:e army from this district. He could
not speak" or write a word of English
a year ago when he joined the colors,
and yesterday this newspaper raau
had the privilege aud pleasure ot
reading a letter ho had written to his
sister, Mrs. Lily Burgess of Bisbee.
Tne entire missive was- Titten In a
plain and legible hand, well punctuat
ed, and, in fact, put together in much
the same style and "with the. same
tlearn;ss that the averago man, Eng
lish bred and bom, would write. And
he is a man of heart, too, thin Bo
hemian boy, who writes from far off
Camp Devins, Mass., to his sister iu
Arizona. His love and devotion for
mother and the folks at home remaiits
the same, and, to judge from his let
ter, it is the one great and worth
while thing in his life. In his closing
paragraphs he says:
' "The influenza ravaged this camp
and killed many men. So far I have
net had it. I dou't want to die yet.
I want to live to kill more than one
German. And then I want to come
back home and see mother and you
and everybody else. Yes, sister, I
will forget everything but you and
mother. I will never forget you and
mothw as long as I live. You two
are too dear to me that I should for
get you both. Well, sister. 1 think I
will -close this letter because" I have
some work to do. so I am sending my
best regards and wishes and kisses
and pood luck to you and all of you
at home."
POLLING PLACES AND
OFFICIALS FOR
ELECTION TUESDAY
LIST OF PLACES WHERE YOU
WILL CAST YOUR BALLOTS
AND THOSE WHO WILL CON
DUCT ELECTION
The polling places in the Warren
district and election officers will be
the same as was in the1 primary elec
tion of September 13. They are as fol
lows: Bisbee
Ward one Polling place, City Hall;
Judges, G. W. Stewart, John Varretto-;
inspector to be appointed.
Ward two Polling place. Judge
High's office; judges, Dan Hoesch, H.
H. Woods; inspector, C. M. Buck
Ward three Polling place. Palace
building; judges, Haskell Snodgrass,
one to be appointed; inspector, James
L. Powell.
Ward four Polling place. Vaughn
Paint shop; judges, Harry Jacobs, El
L. Blair; inspector. Pierce Wilson.
Ward five Polling place. Fire
houte Upper Tombstone canyon;
judges, Roy Benton, J. S. Williams; in
spector, George Cobbe.
Ward six Upper Brewery Gulch,
polling place, Ozark Dining room;
judges. Jack Warren, Mrs. W. V. Mc
Cleary; inspector, Bert Cledens.
Lowell
No. 1 Polling place, north side
main street; judges, George Davidson,
W. J. Ewlng; inspector, J. J. Dugal.
No. 2 Upper Lowell, polling place,
Chanel; judges, William Temple, Joe
Lutz; inspector, Lou Birdino.
No. 3 Johnson addition, polling
place, barber shop; judges, S. F. Moss,
T. A. Tate; Inspector, O. F. Dodds.
Warren
Cole-Ryan building; judges, C. W.
Bos well and L. E. Hawes; inspector,
Jesse Yoakum.
Don Luis
Polling place, school 'building;
judges, C. W. Hull, Grace Anderson;
inspector, James Malley.
Naco
Polling place, Towner store build
ing; judges. E. A. Folsom, John Town
er; inspector, W. G. Brown.
HAPPY AFTER 20 TEARS
"I must write and tell you I am
getting along fine. For 20 years,
that is over half of my life, I have
spent in poor health and suffering
from severe gas In stomach and in
digestion. Mayr's Wonderful Rem
edy has entirely restored me. I
also know of several others who
have taken it for the same trouble
and are now well again." It is a
(simple, harmless preparation that
i removes the catarrhal mucous from
! the Intestinal tract and allays the
' Inflammation which causes practi-
cally nil stomach, liver and Intesti
jnal ailments, including appendicitis.
, One dose will convince or money
: refunded.
' Sold by Bisbee Drug company, Lo
jwell Drug company iu Lowell, and
druggists everywhere.
(WARREN
This is the
County
YES Q
G. MERVYN MOORE
' DIES IN DOUGLAS
DOUGLAS, Ariz.. Nov. 2. G. Mer
vyn Moore, 38 years old, died this aft
ernoon at 1 o'clock at his home. He
was stricken with influenza about a
week ago and It developed into pneu
monia, causing his death. Mervyn
Moore has been a resident of Doug
las for the pas eight years. For a
time he was police sergeant and later
took the position as assistant to City
Clerk Spader, and was also sealer of
weights and measures.
He was one of the best known men
in the city and has a host of friends
to" whom his death will come as a
great shock. He is survived by a
u.if nnH an lS-month-old baby daugh
ter. Vera Louise. Both are seriously
111 with influenza now.
His father made his home with Mr.
Moore in this city, but at the present
time is visiting in Waco, Tex. He
has two brothers. Miner Moore of Los
Angeles, and Clarence Moore of Ta
coma, and also a couple of married
sisters.
The Caldwell Undertaking company
la In charee of the funeral, but no
definite arrangements win be made
until Mr. Moore's father is neara
from.
For several days Mr. Moore's con
dition has been considered critical, I
but Mr. Spader, who was with him atj
the time of his death, said: "We
didn't think but what he could throw
off the disease, although we realized
that he was very sick."
Mr. Moore's uncle, George Moore, is
FOR
DISTRICT
Way to Vote AGAINST
Seat
Your Home
Removal
COUNTY SEAT REMOVAL
SHALL THE COUNTY SEAT BE REMOVED FROM TOMBSTONE?
IF THE COUNTY SEAT BE REMOVED, TO WHAT PLACE?
For the County Seat BISBEE x
i
For the County Seat DOUGLAS i Q
For the County Seat j
Do not fail to vote "No," for a blank is equivalent to
a vote for removal.
a pioneer merchant of Cumpas. So-
i nun ind la alui wll known here. I
r
Instead of boiling the city water,
why not compress it into bricks and '
use it for fuel this winter? St. Joseph
Gazette. i
There is a Russian born every
minute. Los .Angeles Times.
Just received, a carload chicken
feed. Independent Fuel Feed com
pany, upper Mala street Phone 235.
466
ROCKHILL'8 8TAGE.
Blsbee-Tombatone. Leaves Bisbee
Bisbee Auto Co., 7 a. m , 1:30 p. m. 7
Phone Bisbee 6. Adv.
Dr. Playfalr. Osteopath. JS Mason
H11L Mason car atop. Phone Blue 647.
Adv. 231
L. L. Gilman sells the New Ediion,
'The Phonograph With a Soul."
Painter and Paper Hanging
C J. BRANDT
Box ISO
Phone 454
Richard Glaze, Oph. D.N.U.
Practice Limited to Eye and Nerve
Disorders.
Phone 1S6. Office and residence
first house west of Masonle Tsmple,
Main Street Bisbee, Arizona.
Glasses fitted by the lateot methods.
Business Locals
VOTERS:
an
Town
NO
8
NEW
Tailoring Dept.
Suits and Overcoats made to mea
sure. Cleaning, Pressing, Altering,
to your satisfaction.
H. MICHAELS
With
MILLER SHIRT AND HAT SHOP
Main Street Bisbee
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RE8ULTS
Mrs. Jones ishen
WICKREN STUDIO
MAZE BLDG.
VOICE BUILDING. TONE PRO
DUCTION AND THE ART
OF SINGING
From the beginning to the highest
Perfection.
Exponent of Garcia's infallible
voice method, which embodies
style, diction: In French, Italian
and English languages.
FREE VOICE TRIAL
Hours, 1:S0 to 2:30
Wednesday and Saturday
For appointment call green "II ' TXTTI-t
SOCIETY 3
SECTION 8
Edited by 8
LEE BROWN A
SECTION
Edited by
WILLIAM T. OWEN
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
VOL. 21, NO. 123.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 3, 1918.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
MINES, MINING, LOCAL STOCKS AM) COPPER
mi
COPPER INDUSTRY SATISFIED
WITH CONTINUAL
26 CENT METAL
E PRESENT
QUOTATION
Announcement Made Recently From Washington Following
Postponement of Gathering of Representatives cf Leading
Producers, Met Ideas of Majority of Industry's Leaders, in
View of Financial News ; Believes Most Producers Are En
tirely Satisfied With Present Conditions in the Trade ,
The announcement or the postponement of the copper conference, which
was to have been held in Washington, D. C. a week ago Friday, followed
closely by the announcement that the price cf copper would be continued at
26 cents, was received with general satisfaction by producers, judging from
press expression.
In this connection, the Boston Financial News says:
Although there were some officials of the copper producing companies
who made efforts to obtain an advance in the quotation at this time, it la
nevertheless true that many of the leading authorities have been stating
right along that the 26c figure was just and that there was no reason to look
for any change at this time.
Some copper men were in. Washington about two weeks ago to confer with
the members cf tie price fixing committee or the War Industries board and
submitted data of costs, etc., showing that expenses had been mounting, but
these interests did not represent all the lesdiffg producers and it was con
sidered significant at that time that such a step should have been taken.
While it is not known for what period the 26c price will be continued,
there are some observers of conditions who believe that no further steps for
the consideration of the question will be taken until some time toward the
end of the year. This would mean that the 26c rate will prevail until the
beginning of 1919.
An .oA,f VtnvtnfnrA wict rf thfl larpo nrndupprft flrp pntirplv satisfied
.-13 VAiCU H I V w ujuab w. 1 ... . r, v - . -
with the present conditions in the copper trade. They state that the 26c price
should be satisfactory to all producers( in view of the fact that the red
metal is a war necessity. One official of a leading company stated recently
that it should be the present plan of all concerned to keep down costs and
do the best possible to get out production, allowing the matters of price and
profits to take care of themselves."
NATION FAILS
PRQDUCTON
II.
OF ID METAL
Production of Copper for
First Seven Months of Year
Was Four Hundred Million
Pounds Short
In spite of the almost phenom
enal increase in the production of
copper in the state of Arizona, the
country as a whole is falling be
hind in its production and' needs.
The production of refined copper
for the first seven months of 1918
was 1,425,000,000 pounds, - com
pared with 1,498,000,000 pounds in
the corresponding period of 1917.
Figures for the month of July
show a falling off of 5,006,000
pounds, in comparison with the
June returns.
While many 'important in
creases have been made, and
there have been many new pro
duction problems occasioning
much expert thought and careful
consideration, there are still se
rious obstacles to overcome before
output climbs to its full capacity.
Arizona is doing more than her
share in spite of high costs, for by
Its increased production it is mak
ing up in a large measure for the
parts of the country whjch are
falling down.
CloRe co-operation between the
operators and employes is, with
out question, responsible in a
great part for the big results that
are being obtained in production.
The operators of the state are do
ing ' everything possible to im
prove living conditions, and from
the above figures of production,
it will be seen that the employes
are appreciative of efforts made
in their behalf.
PEOPLE MUST WAIT
SYDNEY. Australia. Sept. 18. "One
of the things I have been commission
ed to look after," said Henry Yule
Braddon, the first and lately appoint
ed commissioner from Australia to the
United States before his departure, "is
the Australian ships building in the
United States. There are ten ships
on order and so far only one has been
delivered. If I find that these ships
cannot be supplied because of the war
I will ask the people here to agree
with me that in these particular cir
cumstances we shall be willing to wait
awhile."
MINING COUNTIES
LEADING IN PRICE
FAIRNESS TO PEOPLE
ALL OVER ARIZONA LARGER COM
PANIES ARE DOING MUCH TO
ELIMINATE PROFITEERING BY
PLACING STORES ON CASH
BASIS
It is true that the mining counties
of the state have taken the lead in en
deavoring to assure the public of fair
prices. Their interest in keeping dis
satisfaction at the minimum, in pro
viding the most that is possible to
give to their people by way of enab
ling them to return at work in the
production of the all-important war
metals, has, of course, provided a
larger incentive than has been
brought home to some other counties.
The fact remains that they have ac
complished much, acting independent
ly, and that a great deal of it car
well be emulated generally?
There is In mind the fact that Hay
den has been on a cash basis for a
year, and that its people and mer
chants are much better off in conse
quence; that Ajo has had a co-operative
company store making dividend
returns that materially decrease the
cost of living; that Globe-Miami have
cash and no free delivery plans, ana
have abolished solicitors, with the re
sult of decrease in costB of living ex
penditures; that Superior and Ray
management Impressed upon the mer
chants effectively that profiteering
would result in stores operating on a
cash basis; that the mining company
stores in Bisbee, Clifton and Douglas
have kept prices on a nominal profit
basis in those communities.
The recent announcement that the
stores of the Phelps Dodge Mercantile
company in Bisbee, Lowell, Warren,
Douglas, and Morenci were no longer
to collect store accounts through the
company payroll has been another
step towards changing to a cash basis
and permitting of lower prices.
Mercantile stores in mining camps
have a particularly hard row to hoe,
due to the fact that it is imposisble
for them to keep the wage scale of
their employes on a par with the
wages of the mining companies ope
rating in that vicinity, without raising
prices to an abnormally high level,
and every effort that can be made to
keep down the number of employes
by the use of cash stores, non-delivery
systems and the abolishing of solici
tors, means a reduction in prices.
If you eat peaches, prunes, etc., do
not forget to pit your might against
the kaiser. St. Louis Star.
The limit of sorrow and distress the
kaiser has inflicted upon his own peo
ple will not be reached unless he ab
dicates in favor of the crown prince.
Anaconda Standard.
SECTION OF RAILROAD TAKES WING WHEN DYNAMITE LETS GO; 1
HOW YANK SOLDIERS ADVANCE WHEN THEY GO OVER THE TOIj
These interesting pictures have taken in America or France,
been supplied by the U. S. Com- Upper photo shows the effects of
tnittee on Public Information. It a mine explosion under a railroad
does not appear whether they were bridge. The ladder-like upright in
the center is a section of what
used to be the roadbed. Lowei
photo shows how the douehboya
advance after going over the top.
PRICES
mm
WHILE VALUE OF
GOLD IS SAME
Every Item in Connection
With Industry Has Risen
and Unless Be4ter; Price
Comes, Mines Must Close
WOMEN WORKING NOW
IN MILLS OF THE LAKE
COPPER INDUSTRY
The United States bureau of mines
report shows the following advance in
soma of tho costs for gold properties
which the latter are obliged to meet
out of returns for their product which
are no higher than in pre-war times:
Labor 20 per cent
Steel 40 to 280 per cent
Explosives 75 per cent .
Lumber 120 per cent
Machinery 75 per cent
Miscellaneous .10 to 200 per cent
These figures represent a general
average of gold properties over the
American continent. Arizona figures
average higher in respect to labor and
machinery. Increased freight rates
now in effect will add still further and
very materially.
It will be noted that acids are' not
included in the list. They are an im
portant item of plant consumption.
and the increases range far higher
than the 200 per cent allotted to the
miscellaneous column.
Except labor, the increased costs
falling upon the gold mines are dupli
cated with respect to copper proper
ties. In the item of labor, however.
the copper properties are carrying a
far higher increase. Increase of 42
per cent is a conservative figure as
applying to the larger producers over
the last two years. This does not ap
ply to all properties, however. Shan
non Copper company's annual report
for instance, shows that its increased I
costs included:
Wages 120 per cent higher than in
1914.
Fuel oil Advanced from 37 1-2 '
cents per barrel to $1.35.
Coke Advanced from J3.75 to JS.60.
Lumber Advanced $10 per thou- j
sand feet. I
While Shannon Is not one of the
largest producers, it has a normal out
put of around a million pounds a
tnorth, and is in the class which.!
through carload lot purchases of all '
supplies, obtains as low rates as the '
largest operators. The figures tell I
their own story of what has happened '
to cost deviation of the mines. j
The value of a great producing mine
to a county has been demonstrated ,
In Pima county, where the tax rate for i
i
CALUMET, Mich., Nov. 2. A;
departure in copper milling annals
has occurred in the lake region
with the employment of women as
head feeders.
The Centennial has three young
women on its rolls and from the
standpoint of efficiency, the ex-i
periment is a success. The work
is arduous, grimy and noisy, how-;
ever, but the women are persistent
and are sticking to their jobs.
The Calumet & Hecla also has
women in its employ, three haying
been given positions in the regrind
ing plant at Lake Linden.
JEROME VERDE HAS
RESUMED SHIPMENT
AFTER SHORT LAYOFF
ORE RUNNING BETWEEN EIGHT
AND NINE PER CENT ON AN
AVERAGE NOW IS BEING SHIP
PED TO SMELTER AT HUM
BOLDT FOR REDUCTION
STICK TO If ES
ADVICE GIVEN BY
JEROME PAPER
Nd Industry More Essential to
War Than Mining Industry,
Declares Verde Copper
News
JEROME. Ariz., Nov. 2. The Verde
Copper News says: After a suspen
sion of several days, regular ore ship
ments are now going forward from
the Jerome Verde at a rate a little
better than 20 tons a day. The ore
runs between 8 and 9 per cent cop
per.' Twelve carloads have been
shippsd to date, all to the Humboldt
smelter.
The suspension was not because of
lack of ore or any trouble in the mine,
but because the 'Jerome Transfer
company's teams were all busy haul
ing some heavy machinery. It Is not
expected that there will be any ces
sations of shipping hereafter, however
brief.
Apparently shipments can be con
tinued indefinitely from the Maintop
ore body at the present rate. The
company is now making plans to as
certain the exact extent of the ore.
which has already proved to be far
greater than was thought when the
body was first reached. In about a
week a diamond drill will be moved
to that tmrt cf the mine and several
holes r.;il be drilled both upward and
downward.
The company is also planning an
extensive camnalcn to explore the
hi? bodv of i'on pyrites rccnflv dis
covered northeast of the Columbia
shaft, en the 150 foot level.
(Continued on Paf Two)
The kaiser says he Is disposed to be
foreivinp and generous toward Ger
many's enemies. He has no Idea yet
thouch. how generous he- Is goins to
be Kansas City Star.
(Verde Copper News.)
The advice that miners stick to the
mines, given by the foderal employ
ment service, is excellent and should
be heeded. No industry is more es
sential than (he mining industry. It
is the backbone of our great war
effort. Without it everything would
be paralyzed. The production of iron,
coal, copper and other ores necessary
to the carrying on of ordinary and
extraordinary industry must go on In
great volume, unless there is to be a
break in the chain by which American
energy is linked together for effect
ive expression oi the battlefields of
Europe.
A miner who leaves the mines and
goes to a shipyard or a munitions
,plant may have an idea that he is
getting more directly into win-the-war
work, but it is a mistaken one.
On the contrary, he will do most to
help win the war if he remains in the
calling in which long training gives
him the greatest proficiency. : If he
goes to a shipyard or a munitions
plant, the probability is that a good
miner has been lost to make an in
different worker in these industries
and the result is a net loss to the
nation.
Aimloss drifting from trade to trade
lust now Is to be discouraged. . As a
general rule, there is little prpfit in
it. If wages seem extraordinarily
high In some particular place, It will
be found generally that rents and
other costs of living are high to cor
respond and that the worker is little
better off because of the apparent
high wages. The rate of compensa
tion for mine work will stand com
narison with that in any industry in
the country, and the working condl
'ions are of the best. The mine work
er can take legitimate pride in the
-lospiiess of his relation to all win-tho-vnr
effort, and in the thought that in
he degre? he increases his efficiency"
Seyond pre-war standards. In Just that
lesree Is he giving a little extra im
letus to the great work of securing
victory for justice and democracy.
Put he should, he must, in the pub
lic interest stick to the mines.
GOLD PRODUCTION
DIMS
PAPER
RAPDLY
jffi SAYS BRITISH
li'l MINING REVIEW
London Authority Points Out Need of Keeping Output Up to
High Mark in Order to Meet Demand of After the War
Conditions Which Will Require United Effort of Civilized
World; During the War Large Stocks of Gold Have Al
lowed Adjustment of Trade Balances but These Stocks
Must Be Renewed Constantly in Order to Be Safe
For a variety of reasons, but principally because of increased working
expenses, me pum pruuuuiiuii ui lue worm generany, ana oi ice I rilisa em
pire in particular, has diminished since the outbreak of the war. Even in
1915 the world's output was 96.600,000, of which 60.000.000 was derived
from miles in British territory, whereas last year's production In round fig
ures, was, 98.000.000 for the world and 58,000.000 for the empire.
It is almost unnecessary to emphasize the seriousness of this decline
from an imperial standpoint. Gold plays a very important, nay, vital, part In
International commerce, and the British empire, which annually produces 60
of the world's supplies, is extremely fortunate in possessing so much of it.
During the war our large stocks of gold have enabled us to adjust adverse
trade balances and correct unfavorable exchanges to an extent lch would
have been impossible had not our available supplies ofxthe metal been as
extensive as they actually were.
After the war mir need of gold will be no less urgent, and it is certain
that the more gold we then have at our command the better we shall be able
to meet exchange difficulties as they arise.
It may be taken for granted that for some considerable period after the
restoration of peace international trade balances will be against the country
On the one hand we shall need to import immense quantities of raw ma
terials in order to replenish depleted stocks. ,
On the other hand, it will be some time before we shall be able to ef
fact anything like a compensating expansion in our exports of manufactured
goods. Moreover, that part of the excess of imports formerly represented by
Interest payments from foreign investments will have been considerably re-
uuueu, u u lias uui uteu imuiieieiy exuiigiiisiieu, tur m uunuw 111155
abroad and the sale of foreign investments, we have been converted to a large
extent from a creditor to a debtor nation.
The effect will be, at all events until our industrial production has
heavily increased, that month by month there will be a large, real and not
merely apparent adverse trade balances to be liquidated. That, as experience-proves,
can best be done by exporting gold, and the more gold we have for
the purpose the better we shall be able to accomplish our object.
Failing adequate supplies of the precious metal, we shall be faced with a
.long continuance of unfavorable foreign exchanges, which would necessarily
prove very costly and disadvantageous to British commercial interests.
It is therefore, perfectly obvious that the maintenance and. If possible,
an expansion of the empire's gold production is urgently desirable in the
national interest, and that a contraction in output could not be contem
plated without apprehension. Yet. under present conditions, we are threatened
w"ith such a contraction, and unless prompt steps are taken to prevent it. a
dimunition In production which cannot hut be regarded without misgiving
is inevitable.
In the case or South Africa alone there will be a reduction of 7.000.000 a
year, mines producing that amount of gold annually having made prepara
tlons for closing down in the event of no relief being forthcoming. In other'
parts of the Empire the same thing will happen, owing to the impossibility
of producing gold at a profit, especially from low grade propositions, on the
present basis of working costs.
At the present dififcult position of producers is brought about by the
big advance in cost of labor and of all materials used in gold mining, there
can be no amelioration unless prices decline, and that is not likely to be until
after the war. if, indeed, it then occurs.
We need not enter here into the causes of the rise in prices and discuss
how far the inflation of the paper currency is responsible. It Is sufficient to
know that working expenses have now risen to a height which, in the case
of low -grade mines, leaving no margin of profit. In the case of any other
commodity it would be possible to obtain compensation for the increase la
the cost of production by enforcing a corresponding Increase In selling prices.
But in the case of gold that is impossible.
The price of gold is fixed by law, and ia based on' the standard price
payable by the Royal Mint. To raise it wonld create chaos in the domain
of currency and foreign exchange and for that reason it would be sheer waste
of time to discuss such a proposition, though we believe that in some un
thinking quarters it has seriously, been advocated.
There remains, in the absence of any set-back in commodity values, only
one remedy, and that is the granting of a subsidy by the government to needy
oroducers sufficient to make it worth their while to go on "producing gold.
Such a sibsldy would necessarily come out of the taxpayers' profits and the
objection way be raised that it is not the duty of the taxpayer to provide
subvention for the benefit of one industry more than another, whose in
terests have been unfavorably affected by the war.
The gold mining industry, however, occupies an exceptional position.
It has. on the dhe hand, to meet an enormous Increase in working expenses and
it is debarred, on the other hand, from recouping itself by obtaining an In
creased price for its output. The question is, whether it would not be better
for the taxpayer to shoulder the comparatively small burden which such a
subsidy would involve rather than endure its evils, which would necessarily
result from a gold shortage and unfavorable exchanges after the war.
The problem of keeping up the empire's gold production is a pressing
one, and if anything is to be done the sooner It is done the. better. The
Australian government has already announced that, owing to the strain upon
the commonwealth's finances, owing to the war, it is unable to adopt tha
proposal to grant a bonus or subsidy to encourage gold production. It re
mains for the imperial government to take a broader and more enlightened
view of the matter. The Financier, London.
RUSSIANS LACK MONEY
MOSCOW. July 26. (Correspon
dence of the Associated Tress). The
lack of money and the great depre
ciation of the Russian ruble has com
pelled the soviet government to re
sort to the primitive form of trade,
exchange of goods. This form has
been applied in Russia in a limited
degree, because of lack of manufac
tured articles, the government giving
the peasants agricultural machinery,
leather good, nails, matches and oth
er such necessaries and receiving the
equivalent value In gratn. It Is the in
tention of the department of food to
Introduce the exchange of goods sys
tem into international trade and for
this purpose it sent a special embassy
to Norway to negotiate with the Nor
wegian government.
SIDE CARS NUMEROUS
WITH THE AMERICAN FORCES'
IN FRANCR. Sept. 30 (Correspon
dence of the Associated Press).
American motor cycle side cars In
the war xone of France where Amer
ican troops are operating are wore
numerous than In any part of the
United States. As the side car was
new to Ftance naturally they attract
ed much attention at first. Now the
French pay no attention to them.
The words "side car" have come Into
common usage among the French peo
ple, who have as yet coined no French
name for the machine. TWO
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 3, 1918.
RICH
ORE
STRIKE
M
IE IS
Vein of Almost Incredible
Richness Ha Been Un
covered, Reported to Assay
Above 45 per Cent Copper
PHOENIX, Nov. 2. If assays are
any indication and smelter returns
are of account. Constellation, .east ot i
Wickenburg. is due for' listing as one I
of tbe bonanza camps of the south
west. The Monte Cristo, near Con
stellation, is known as one of the
phenominal silver properties of Amer
ica and as a po'ctial coj.per mine of
wondrous possibilities. - - -
But a second great mine appears to
have been added within tbe past few
days. On the same dike as the Monte
Cristo .two miles distant, lies the old j
Abe Lincoln property, which for two
years has been operated under the
management of E. W. Gettin of Oma
ha, with Charles Mathorst, formerly
of the United Verde, as superinten-
dent. They have sunk ' a shaft to
700 feet of depth and have driven,, at
another point, a tunnel several hun
dred feet long.
A Bonanza Strike
The big story is. that in. the shaft
has been cut sulphide that assays,
across a breast of 27 feet, no less than
12 per cent copper, 5 ounces of silver
to the ton and $5 in gold.
Still better is to come: In the tun
nel assumed to be in carbonates,
though Information by telephone is
not clear on this point, has been cut
a vein ten .feet wide, that bears 45
per cent in- copper, with 12 ounces
of silver and $10 gold thrown in for
variety. These' latter figures are al
most incredible, yet are vouched for
by A. R. Volk, formerly with Hanny
in this city, now president of the
Wickenburg chamber of commerce and
manager of the Brayton commercial
company at that point"
Much Excitement
Mr. Volk states that, mildly speak
ing. Wickenburg is "excited" over the
news and that about all the vacant
ground in the Constellation section al
ready has been located. He believes
it spells metropolitan development for
his town and incidental commercial
riches for Phoenix.
The Abe Lincoln lies about thirteen
miles east of Wickenburg, reached by
the main road and a four-mile' side
road.. lately constructed by the comr
T '" M Vffrfelw iM'lnAnlt.Dll
lltXUJ. .11 13 111 JOk luiuciaiiin-u
secion, that has been mined for many
years and that has been a steady
producer of wealth, with fcood"aBSays-
to be found in almost every prospect
hole of the- many that have been
driven. ,
Betwesn the Monte Cristo and -the
new bonanza lies the Eagle property,
owned by the Inspiration Consolidated
Copper company. of Miami, now under
development. If such great wealth as
returned is found anvwhere in Ari
zona, it is logical that Constellation I
should be its location.
Get Out Ore at Once
-. The fortunate- miners are going to
realize at once their find. Nearly
10 milers already are at work break
ing down the ore, and on Monday
sixteen teams will be started hauling
it to Wickenburg, there to be hauled
through the Wickeiburg sampling
works, which will renew operations
for htis especial purpose.
There is speculation in Wicken
burg whether the new activity might
otn cause a degre of realization on
the great ore bodies stoped out in the
Mcnte Cristo, a property magnificent-
ly developed, yet without effort to
"dispose of any of its riches of white!
metal. Its principal owner is Ezraj
Thayer, a Phoenix merchant
Recent events -have demonstrated j
that it wa3 quite unnecessary for the
United States to declare war on Tur
key a:i'l Ilulgaria. IVs Molr.es Reg
ister. 1
" "We' do not understand ' Foch'sl
strategy," says a German military !
critic. " If a Hun understood it, it i
wouldn't be strategy. Pittsburgh j
Post. !
or
ABE
LINCOLN
REPORT
- -- - - '- - -r- - - - 3D
P 1 m mini 1 p ww 1 1 1 u." .WW" 1 f
1 jm-- &'&.v&i:i H
Mining and Financial News
BY REVIEW
NEW YORK, Nov. 2. With United
States Steel selling down almost to
par. Mexican Petroleum, Royal
Dutch and Texas Company, reacting
4 to 10, and the representative war
group down 1 to 3 points, today's
Uriel but busy session of the stock
market reflected a further division of
speculative sentiment.
Rails, shippings, coppers and other
shares bearing little relation to
peace or war broke to 3 points, but
rallied tather more easily than less
seasoned stocks.
Mexican Petroleum closed at a rally
of 8 points and other leaders made
variable recoveries. Steel ending at
a small fractional loss. Sales amount
ed to 375,000 Bhares.
The bank statement showed to a
moderate extent the process .of liqui
dation recommended by the local
money committee, actual loans de
creasing about $48,000,000 and re
serve of members in the federal re
serve bank decreasing by , slightly
more than $91,000,000, which almost
effaces the previous week's expan
sion in that time.
A decrease of $79,000,000 in excess
reserves also reduced by more than
two-thirds last week's substantial
gain In that quarter.
Trading in bonds, especially the
domestic group, was active on a
rising sale, Liberty 4s and 4s gain
ing hi to per cent. The new or
fourth Liberty loan bonds will have
their first open market on the stock
exchange next week. Total sales of
bonds, par va'ue, today aggravated
$1,900,000. Old Uniced State3 bonds
were unchanged during the week.
GRAIN MARKET.
- CHICAGO, Nov. 2. Corn averaged
lower today chiefly as a result of the
bearish character' of war develop
ments. The market closed unsettled,
at c net decline to c advance,
with December $1.13 to $1.13 and
January $1.1440 $114. Oats
gained to 6, and provisions fin
ished unchanged to 20 cents off.
Lack of support except from shorts
formed the principal future of the
earn- market throughout the session.
Attention remained fociiBSd almost
entirely on European advances, and
it was a generally accepted opinion
that the current news furnished no
immediate incentive to would-be buy
ers, aside from those who had profits
already in hand or who wished to
eveeven up for the week-end. Bears
derived advantage also from the fact
that the movement of the new crop
was increasing, and that liberal re
ceipts were looked for. Weather
conditions were favorable for curing
and handling th grain.
Government bidding put strength
into oats. The bids, however, were
out of line with the views of -holders,
and did not result In-any important
trans-actions. '"
. Provisions sagged a little with corn
and hogs. Western receipts of hogs
f5" the week were considerably larger
than a year ago, but so, too, were
shipments of lard and meats.
CLEARING HOUSE REPORT.
NEW YORK, Nov. 2. The - actual
condition of clearing house banks and
trust companies for the week show
that they bold $54,181,130 reserve in
excess of legal requirements. This
is a decrease of $79,596,580 from last
week.
RESERVE BANK REPORT.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 2 Discounts
of federal reserve banks secured by
feovernment war obligations mounted
to $160,000,000 this week to $1,252,
904. 0U0, according to the federal re
serve board's weekly financial state
ment. COTTON MARKET. -
NEW YORK, Nov. 2. Cotton closed
are!y Gteady at a net advance of 16
o 43 points.
Closing quotations November 2.
(L. J. Overlook, Broker.)
NEW YORK.
Anaconda
Amn. Can
Anm. Loco. '
Amn.- Smelters
Paldwin . . ,
Beth. B
C. & O
C. P. I
Canadian Pacific
Cent. I-eather
Crucible . .
Distillers
Erie
Gen. .Motors
1918:
46
64 Vfc
87
79 .
63V6
58
toy
165
62
55
48
17
1274
as
'1
LEASEO-WIRE
Ind. Alcohol 101
Lackawanna 71
Marine : 294
Marine, pfd. 120s
Mexican Petroleum 158
Midvale 44
N.'Y. C 78
Northern Pacific 93 Vi
Reading 88
Rubber 68
Rep. Steel 79
Studebaker 63"i
Steel 101
Steel, pfd 112
Sl Paul 50
Southern Pacific 102-'li
Sinclair 35
Texas Oil 184"
Union Pacific 1314
Un Motors 33
Westinghouse 44
BOSTON.
Adventure 100
Amn. Zinc 15
Az CorJ 15
Allouez 49
Butts 25
C. & A 69
C. & K 455
C. Range '. 48
Chino 41
Chile 22
E. Butte 11
Granby .' 85
G. Can.
54
22
61
80
53
39
3
Goldfield .
ttancock . .
Indiana ...
Inspiration
Kennecott .
Lake
La Salle .
Miami 27
Mohawk
57
3
20 U
14
8
41
56
16
69
Mayflower
Nevada . . .
N. Butte .
Nip
Old Dora.
Osceola . .
Pond Ck.
Quincy . . .
Ray Con.
24
Shatturk 16
Shannon
4
4
.. 88
.. 10
8
5!
Sup. Boston .
Utah Copper
Utah Con. ..
CURBS.
A. & A.
Ariz. Sil. King
Ariz. Bing
Big Ledge .
Butte & London 15
Cal. & Jer.
18
1
5
28
18
Cornelia . . .
Con. Ariz. .
Con. Copper
Curtiss . . .
Denn
Dundee , 10O
Emma ... 4
Fed. Oil 2
Gadsden , 34
ureen nionsier
Grand Island J 15
Hull 5o
Howe Sound '. .... 4
Hecla . 5
J. Verdo ; . ' ........'. ,' 12
J. Victor ; 100
Magma Copper 33
Magma Chief 20
Miami Con 5
Okmulgee 2
Pitts Jer 40
Ray Here 4
Tom Reed 153
U. Eastern
4
3S
1
5 '4
Verde Ex
Verde Combn.
Wol. Ariz
Wright Martin
OATMAN.
(By Collins & Bretnerton.)
Argo 03
Adams
Arizona Rex
Ariz-Tom R 02
Big Jim Con 05
boundary Cone
Gold Ore 06
Gold Road Bon
Gold Cliff
Lucky Boy
Funnyside 03
Telluride ns
Tom Red 1.52
United Eastern 4 37
Red Lion
OTHER CURBS.
Gadsden 3.00
Green Monster 37
Butte London 13
Dundee .94
Venture Hill 02
Pitts-Jerome . .- 36
Jerome! Verda 50
Ark-Arizona 8
Jerome Portland
Ins-Needles 06 '
Hull Copper . . . . 40
Magma Chief 10
Wolv-Arizona 1.S5
Verde Combination 62
Miami Consolidated .02
Great Ray
Nacozari Consolidated . . .
Con. Cop. Mines 5 23
Porphyry 37
Cal. & Jerome 56
Feather River
.04
.02
.15
.05
07
.02
.07
.02
.15
.03
.05
.12
1.53
4.50
.20
3.12
.44
.15
1.00
.04
.40
.62
.11
.17
.50
.20
1.95
.05
.62
.12
'oaJr cbonf Touroofo
I6ilt Preparations
Employ the services of Marinello
tVauty ripmalrcrs. r.nwT The g.tn&l ac
tion al knowing you iouk your beat
There is a M arinello Preparation
nd a MarinrPo Trmtnwnt uprcially
liptf-d to your aroial nmB rtUabit
prrparatirms aft' tic t rr a t mem t h at
will A-velop the JM decree Ol beauty
Juv lung Un.
McDonald's Marinelo Shop
Phone 305 -.
. rV2
k 1.- 1 j rpHpr np in.
:l Vi
MINING
COURSE
ANNOUNCED fOR
P. D. EMPLOYES
Practical Lessons in Various
Branches of Mining Science
Will Make for Rapid Ad
vancement An opportunity for more rapid ad
vancement than ever before has been
opened to all employes" of the Cop
per Queen branch of the Phelps
Dodge corporation. Announcement
has been made by S. C. Dickinson,
room 9, Sparks-Klein building, who is
in charge of It, of a general course
in mining open to all company em
ployes. Mr. Dickinson, whose an
nouncement is self-explanatory, says:
To All Employes of the Copper Queen
Branch, Phelps Dodge Corporation:
You have often wondered how you
could put yourself in line for protrto
tion, how you could fit yourself for
the Job ahead, how you could place
yourself on the salary list instead -of
the day wage list, how you could gain
the necessary knowledge to improve
your opportunities. The chance has
now come. The Copper Queen branch
of the Phelps Dodge corporation has
authorized and endorsed a prescribed
Practical Mining course, designed
solely to give men the opportunity
of bettering themselves. Men who
have successfully completed the
course will be examined and rated by
an examining board, and those pass
ing will be given preference in future
appointments.
Msrely passing the course, how
ever, does not signify that a man has
all of the necessary qualifications to
be the broad and sympathetic type of
boss that the company desires; the
ability to handle men figures largely
In tha preferred list. Completing the
course successfully does not neces
sarily mean immediate promotion, but
rather promotion as vacancies occur.
The course as outlined is a compre
hensive and practical course given for
practical men, and consists of:
1. Mining methods. Including lec
tures on tools, mucking, breaking
grcund, drifting, shaft sinkiag, raises,
stopes, etc.
2. Miscellaneous subjects such as
sampling, explosives, ventilation, fire
prevention, safety, etc.
' 3. Mechanical Mathematics, me
chanics, machinery, hoisting, haulage.
air compression, air transmission,
pipes, pipe fittings, hose, etc.
4. Geology General geology, geol
ogy of the Warren district, elementary
chemistry as applied to ores, ores of
copper, map making, map reading and
interpretations.
5. Economics A brief survey of the
HILLTOP EXTENSION
IS NEAR POINT OF
MAKING SHIPMENTS
PROPERTY IN CHIRICAHUAS
NEAR FAMOUS HILLTOP SOON
WILL ENTER LIST OF SHIPPERS
SAYS JOHN BLUMBERG WHILE
IN DOUGLAS
DOUGLAS, Nov. 2. John Blum
burg, who for the past year has been
developing the Hiltop Extention lead
and silver mining property in the
Chiricahua mountains, being and ad
joining property to the original Hill
top mine, was in the city today.
All arrangements have now been
completed for the starting of ship
ments of ore from the Extension prop
erty, which carries high values in
lead and silver. A road has been
completed to the mine, leading from
tbe Rodeo-Hilltop road and several
cars of ore is now in the loading bins.
Hauling of ore to Rodeo would now
be in progress, except for the reason
that the Rodeo loading platform is
blocked by some heavy machinery
which is under attachment and cannot
be moved. This difficulty will be
corrected In a short time and then
shipments are expected to go for
ward from the Hilltop Extention at
' the rate of two cars per month and
.30 I these shipments will be continued in
.40 ' definitely as ore bodies now pvail
5.50 ! able for extraction are of important
.50 size.
The Hilldop Extention Mining com
pany was promoted by John Gaugh
ran and John Blumburg about two
years ago, since' which development
work has been going steadily on with
excellent results. The building of a
road was a matter of considerable
expense and has delayed the begin
ning of production. The owners of
Trie property now feel that they have
a property which will enter the ranks
of the producing m'nes of the state
and remain in this class for many
years.
M ADOO NAMES COMMITTEE .
TO STUDY GOLD PRODUCTION
(My Rvlew l.e:ispd Wire)
WASHINGTON. Nov. 2 To
study gold production and suggest
in'a! ot stimulating it. Secretary
McAdoo today appointed a t'liltl
mittet' cr.imlstiiiK of Albert
' Strauss, inomh.r of thc federal re-,
serve hoard; Raymond T. Haker.
director of the 'mint: Emmet 1.
Movie, governor of Nevada; Ed
waid K. Gay. reprcsenting'thn war
trade board; and Pope Ycatmau.
representing the war industries
board.
theory of economics, labor and capital
and industries in general.
6. Efficiency Engineering History,
importance and meaning.
7. The art of handling men.
8. The division of labor.
9. Wiiges. bonuses and other meth
ods of compensation.
'10. Accounting and timekeeping.
11. The cost sheet.
12. The community duties of the
shift boss.
13. Company policies.
The subjects of the course will be
so arranged that men can start at any
time.
The examining board will consist
of five men, the men completing the
course having direct representation.
The method of rating will be as fol
lows. Experience, 20; attendance,
10; habits and personality and ability
to handle men, 20; examination, 50;
passing grade. 80. Men who have not
taken the course or who have only
taken It In part may take the exami
nation and be rated.
All men satisfactorily completing
the course will be given a certificate
or diploma signed by the examining
board, which certificate would un
doubtedly be of value in securing a
position in any part of the country,
as the high standards of the Copper
Queen branch are well known.
All lectures are to be printed and
distributed to each one taking the
course, and there will be no- charge
made for any part of the work. The
lectures will be chosen as far as pos
sible from the regular organization,
and all will be specialists in their In
dividual subjects.
While the course will specialize in
Copper Queen methods, it is in every
sense of the word a practical mining
course, semi-technical in nature and
within the grasp of any man working
in the mines who has a common
school education.
Your desire to have a better educa
tion, to command a better salary, to
better your opportunities and those
of your family, can be fulfilled by
taking this Practical Mining course.
Begin with the first lecture, take the
entire course, don't miss even one
it offers wonderful possibilities.
For full information regarding the
opportunities and possibilities of this
course see
S. C. DICKINSON.
Room 9, Sparks-Klein Bldg.
QUICKSILVER FOUND
IN DEPOSITS NEAR
PHOENIXJS REPORT
MERCURY PLAYS IMPORTANT IN
OUTPUT OF WAR MUNITIONS
AND DISCOVERY IN THIS STATE
MAY ASSUME IMPORTANCE FOR
THAT REASON
One of the meta:s that cmers into
the production of munitions more
than Is' appreciated by many is mer
cury' or quicksilver. The present ex
ceptional demand for quicksilver in
the manufacture of fulmination gives
special Interest to the deposits of this
metal in Arizona.- Since the outbreak
of the great war deposits of quick
silver have been discovered in the
southern part of the Phoenix moun
tains, tea miles northwest of Phoenix.
The United States Geological survey
announces that a paper published as
Bulletin 690-f, under the title "Quick
silver Deposits of the Phoenix Moun
tains," by P. C. Schrader, may be obi
tained by applying to the director of
the United State Geoligical survey,
Washington. D. C.
F. L. Ransome, also of the United
States Gaological survey, reported on
the quicksilver deposits of Mazatal
range, Arizona, In 1914.
It is the intention of the Arizona
Gas Fired Water
For Attaching
to Your
Range Boiler
Bisbee
L
Vote
i M
me
Thomas E. Campbell's
DECLARATION OF
AMERICANISM
(Issued Last April)
I stand by the President.
There is no issue but the war.
There must be no catering to traitors.
I detest the I. W. W. and their doctrines.
The people of the United .States are waging this war.
I am not in sympathy with the strike breeder and agi
tator. I am not in sympathy with the profiteer.
The logical method of adjusting labor differences is arbi
tration. We should punish purveyors of enemy propaganda and
advocates of sabotage as felons.
Every able bodied man should be compelled by law to
work at some useful calling.
We must run down and stamp out the enemy within
our gates and crush his ally, the I. W. W.
Put Arizona Squarely Behind
the Government
ELECT Tom
(Campbell
State Bureau of Mines to publish a j 574,000 to JS1.0S3.000. or 80 per cent,
new pamphlet on "Quicksilver" as i and almost wholly on account ot the
soon as possible. The bureau still raise made by the state tax coramis
has a few copies of an old Issue onjsion on the new Cornelia property at
this subject which may be obtained
by applying to the Arizona State Bu
reau of Mines, Tucson, Ariz.
PRICES INCREASE
WHILE PRICE OF
GOLD IS SAME
(Continued from Page One)
the coming year will not be over
$1 on the $100 vadluation, compared
with $1.40 this year. -
The assessment has risen from ?36,-
Provides abundant supply of
hot water at reasonable cost.
Call at our store anc) ask for
demonstration, or make re
quest for representative to call
upon you.
Improvement Co.
.rOF
Maim!
Campbell
Victory League)
Ajo. The county expenses have been
figured on a basis of 20 per cent in
crease, with a budget of $577.00o. most
of this increase being in the support
ot the schools.
Several Arizona municipalities gain
through their possession of producing
copper companies' property. In this
way Bisbee taxes the Copper Queen
property valued by the state tax com
mission at $1,166,779, and Jerome col
lecu on $421,040 ot the value set on
the United Verde mines.
SUBSCRIBE FOR THE REVIEW.
Heater
: .
Hi ' .1
! j j
i- 1
k !
f j
I m THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 3. 1918.
THREE
THE VOICE OF BRITISH LABOElfM HIS WEALTH
A curious anomaly has arisen In
British labor circles. While the rank
and file of labor, say the English
papers, are whole-heartedly out to win
the war, their supposed leaders, such
men as Arthur Henderson, Ramsey
Macdonald. and Philip Snowden. are
openly avowed pacifists, and have
managed in some way to remain in
power as the spokesmen of tho work
ers. The London Xew Wities, a
strong anticapitallst weel:ly. n3:
"The reason for this apr"-wt dif
ference is not far to seek. T'.-.c over
whelming majority of trade-unionists
are heartily in favor of the war and
of the policy of fighting to a victori
ous finish. Certain of their leaders,
however, while maintaining the trade
union position, have pacifist leanings,
and the difficulty arises that If the
rank and file of the movement reg
ister their disapproval of these ten
dencies, .it will follow that such dis
approval will be held to extend to
their conduct of trade-union matters.
Thns labor as a whole would present
a divided front to the outside world,
and what ls'even more Important,
men of ability who have admittedly
done much to co-ordinate and strength
en labor's resistance to capital would
find themselves at a disadvantage.
The small proportion of pacifists In
the labor movement have become
prominent because for the most part
they hold official position in their
unions. And the reason for this is
that every local branch, bowevei
small. It will generally be found that
the ordinary type of workman, at oncej
a stanch trade-unionist and a sincere;
patriot, will not trouble to put in so'
many attendances as the man who Is !
tinged with internationalism, and whoi
in support of his creed will go te any
trouble to obtain control of the ma-j
chinery of labor." i
Commenting rather acridly upon the j
ofifcial labor-leaders, the London;
Spectator remarks: i
"It is not too much to hope that!
the spectacle of such leadership , as
this, with its confused thought and
muddled morals, will not escape the
attention of the censure of the many
hundreds of thousands of patient
sheep who have hitherto allowed
themselves to be folded according to
the misleading verdicts of the card
vote. Ai we have pointed out on
previous occasions, tho mass of work
ingmon allow themselves to be led
by the few who take the trouble to
gather responsibility into their hands.
When these few men in each union'
have decided upon a policy, a simple
majority vote counts as though it
were the voice of the whole union
Yet even the majority vote as often
as not Is obtained by the simple fact
that there is no otier policy in the
field. On'y the few politically mind
ed persons have troubled to take ac
tion. At the time the real feeling
of the workingman are represented
by such a spontaneous outburst of en
thusiasm as was seen when the news
of the great British victory was an
nounced at the Trade-Union congress.
It would be dififcult to conceive any
thing more trnly undemocratic than
the present system. The people who
profess to speak ofr the majority
really stand for a minority masquer
ading as a majority."
Writing in the Socialist London
Chronicle on "The Voice of Labor,"
Alexander M. Thompson thus bears
witness:
"I have traveled for this week to
hear it, from London to Durham, tot
Barnsley, to Cardiff and Maesteg, and
back again to Derby. I have heard it
In tradesmen's offices, in clubs, hotels,
workers' houses, railway-carriages,
conference-halls, and even down a
coal-pit. And the more I hear, it the
more convinced I become that the
voice of labor is certainly not that
of the most fluent or loudest speak
ers at labor conferences. The voice j
of labor, like that of Mr. Thomas At-;
kins, is disposed occasionally to
grouse, and not without good reason. I
But the voice of labor is unquestion
ably and emphatically for fighting
German truculence to its knees, in or
der that its plot against the peace of
Europe may be decisively squashed,
and that peace may be restored on a
safer basis than our generation has
known.
"The chief concern of the mass ot
the people is undoubtedly to win the
war, and thereby secure a permanent
peace. The chief concern of the most
glib mouthpieces of labor is by every
possible means to prevent the victory
of the allies and thereby secure a
Polshevik peace."
Another London Socialist weekly.
The New Age, writes:
"The onus of the democratic settle
ment falls upon the allied labor move
ment. We do not mind by what means
they choose to carry out their task,
whether by personal conference with
German labor or by the public appeal
of one labor movement to another;
but that they can not leave every
thing to the governing classes and
the armies, and trust democracy to
come out of the Battlement, we are
certain. By virtue not only of their
past claims but of their whole future,
the allied labor parties owe it as
a duty to see that GeAany is demo
cratized." Whatever else British labor may be,
it is not socialistic. At least here is
the opinion of that veteran Socialist,
Robert Blatchford, the editor of the
London Clarion:
"On the whole, I do not think social
ists need worry. Let us get the war
over and the sailors and soldiers back
home and then we may be able to
arrive at some broader and higher
ideal of socialism and democracy than
we are likely to get from the workers
and their leaders who think more of
what they are going to get than of
what they are going to give. The
people are not ready for socialism yet.
They are rot wise' enough, nor good
enough. ' -When they are, socialism
will establish itself."
I
N BIBERTY BONDS
RECENT
DR1V
E
Of Interest to Women
The really well dressed woman this
winter will be the one that dons last
winters dresses and braves the world.
Old things made to look like new. Re
modeling and a touch of trimming
makes a world of difference. In sea
sons in the past we put aside such
dresses and went shopping but now
they are seized upon with great de
light like finding a forgotten fortune
in an old well. Materials and textures
that are well nigh impossible to obtain
today are used and reveled in for they
look as well as they did before the
war with a little pressing and thought.
At the same time they save money
for tbe things that wear out and have
to be replaced shoes, corsets and
lingerie.
f Every piece of wool material that
I you possess can be used. If it is old
wool it can be used to line a child's
j coat or one's own winter suit and
! wraps. Satins and velveteens are
used so much this year, both because
they are smart and because they save
wool materials, but are not warm
; enough alone. And if lining ha3 to
: be bought that is using wool again,
i so hese o'.d garments come in very
I nicely.
' Materials' that are not badly worn
; can always be freshened by cleaning,
1 pressing or steaming. Silks and sav
r
l Jin
GO
m
m
U M El
FOR
orpoif'on
I
A CLEAN Record:
Born on a farm in Ohio. Left the farm at 2 1 to work
for the United States Express company. Nine years
in the employ of this company.
Came to Arizona in 1901. Entered employ of the
Southern Pacific company. Now Southern Pacific
passenger conductor.
Is 47 years of age. Has a wife and two children. Has
for Years been a Taxpayer of Pima county.
Has been a member of the District Exemption Board of
the Second District of Arizona Since Its Creation
Under Appointment of President Wilson.
Is a member of the Order of Railway Conductors and
Vice-Chairman of the Legislative Board.
His Platform:!
"If elected Corporation Commissioner I will devote
all my time and attention to the office and give every
citizen a square deal. I stand for equal rights to all.
"If elected, I will not loan my name or the pres
tige of my office to any corporation seeking to sell stock
to the investing public, and I will use every effort to pro
tect the investing public against stock jobbers and wild
cat companies.
ins can be pressed on the wrong side
with warm irons, not hot irons,
plushes and velvets are steamed to
raise the nap, remove creases and
clean the material. Wool materials
can often be turned and used on the
wrong side. It may not always be
like the right side but the difference
will not be noticeable in most cases.
If you' have any fur on old coats,
get it out and see what can be done
with it. Adorable coatees can be
made from it. They are very smart
this season and enable you to wear
your dresses well into the winter be
fore getting in to suits and long coats.
Dresses are so popular now that these
cape-coatees are certain to have a
great vogue. If there isn't enough
fur for a coatee there may be enough
for a scarf and muff, or for the col
lar and saddle pockets on a sutc.
These pockets hang like a panel, one
is folded over the other making a
muff.
A style that is especially good for
making over is! one with a tunic and
jumper as they are cut from small
pieces. The tunic is very short in
front, almost the length of the pep
lum that is so popular, and in the back
it is broken by two narrow panels like
sashes. The jumper is longer than
long waisted effect together with the
panel line in the front and back. It is
the distinctly new note of the season.
Even though there may be very little
wool left from last year's dress there
will surely be enough for a jumper
of serge, tricotine, gabardine, poplin,
broadcloth or velours, with the sleeves
and skirt. In any of these combina
tions satin may be used for the under
skirt with silk crepe, silk voile, or chif
fon coth for the sleeves and side
body. A rather more elegant dress is
made that way. Almost any full skirt
of several seasons back will give ma
terial for the other part of the dress.
And another skirt might be used for
the foundation. If a longer line is
desired for the "tunic it may be ob
tained by using fringe which is ex
tremely favored this year. It may be
possible that enough satin, charmeuse,
satin-faced poplin, faille, crepe meteor
or crepe de chine may well be on hand
to use for the entire skirt and jumper,
with silk crepe for the sleeves and
sidebody. The same could be done
with velvet, making the sleeves of
either satin or some transparent ma
terial. It is a simple dress but very
becoming and elegant.
In making over old dresses you may
find in cutting them down from the
old styles to the new narrow ones
that you will have some material left
over. Not enough for a new dress for
yourself but enough to go a good way
towards one for one of the children.
Their own dresses are more likely to
be outgrown than wornout, and it you
can lengthen them with a bit of new
material, using the jumper and panel,
the appearance of the old dress will
be totally different and give it a new
lease on life.
A way to lengthen an outgrown
dress for a child is to use an empire
waistline. A trim slim little dress
with a good deal of the look of a suit
about it. The top has the appear
ance of a jacket but Is really sewed
fast to the skirt and a little waist
coat front is part of the dress. A
style that can be used to lengthen a
skirt by dropping it several inches at
the top. Plain wool material can be
used such as serge, gabardine, soft
twills, poplin or tricotine for cither
the body or the skirt with a plaid
wool material for the other part. Or
a wool material could be used in the
skirt with satin in the body. In the
same way chambray could be used in
the dress and gingham in the panels.
A white linen, poplin, pique. Indian
had with panels of colored linen.
This Is a simple little dress but has a
great deal of style and would be nice
for school.
J. G. COMPTON.
1
; The Huns seem to be running short
' t.t. nvs. V. n Dniin.il
t'l c V tri I miffs ca.ch mo neural.
S p r i n c ? i r ! (1 Vnion.
The Germans now have their backs
lo a wall that isn't there. New York
Evening Ti'Ifgraph.
John T. Bowles Invest His
All; Makes Clear to His
Class at Hi-Y School What
Bonds Mean
A spirit of Americanism, of desire
to assist the United States to the ut
nios, of fired enthusiasm through con
tact with men of all nationalities,
prompted the subscription of John T.
Howies to the fourth Liberty loan. Mr.
Bowles subscribed for $3000 worth of
bonds. He is only a school teacher
and this $3000 represented all his
wealth. But he subscribed with a
heartiness and willingness which is
characteristic of the man who is al
ways in contact with men of many
nations.
Mr. Bowies is the instructor of for
eigners in the English language at the
Warren district Y. M. C. A. Before
he came to this district he spent many
years in this same line of endeavor,
and for several years he was at the
head of the English teaching depart
ment in the Los Angeles Y. M. C. A.
For many years he has come into con
stant contact with foreigners men of
Germany. Austria, Hungary, Bohemia,
Turkey, Italy, France, Spain, Mexico,
and all tbe other nations of the globe.
He has taught them to understand the
people of the United States and to talk
with the people of this great land in
their common language.
When the last Liberty loan drive op
ened Mr. Bowles met J. N. Gaines,
chairman of the drive, at the Copper
Queen hotel, in the office of the War
ren district commercial club. He ex
plained that he had just placed on
sale a piece of property in the mid
dle eastern states, his former home,
and that he wished to Dut the entire
j sale proceeds into the fourth Liberty
loan. He did not believe that the
money would reach this district before
the close of the loan, and he wished to
know what to do. Mr. Gaines made
arrangements to- meet the first pay
ments on the bonds, and advised Mr.
Bowles. Then one day, $3000 came to
the teacher at the Y. M. C. A.
He went to the Bank of Bisbee and
paid $1500 for bonds. At the Miners
& Merchants bank he laid on the
counter another $1500 for bonds. Now
he is explaining to his foreign friends
in his foreign classes at the Y. M. C.
A. what is the meaning of Liberty
bonds, and he makes them understand
that as he teaches them to understand
the English language.
Following is an additional list of
bond purchasers through the Bank of
Bisbee; those whose names have been
mentioned before this list, have pur
chased a second lot; others in the
list were not published in the former
lists in the Review:
Lorenzo Ajalu ,$ 50
Mary Alexander 50
Carlos Allen 100
Lt. Chas. F. Anderson 100
Frank Amell 500
Lt. Chas. Anderson 100
Robert Anderson 300
R. T. Banks , 60
R. T. Banks 100
Beulal F. Barnard ' 50
E. H. aBrton 100
Mrs. H. F. Beach 50
H. F. Beach 50
Mrs. S. P. Bedford 100
Alma Bell 100
F. E. Bennett 100
Wm. Berry 200
E. J. Blackwell 50
L. H. Bocking .' 50
Mary J. and John L. Boston . . 100
Mrs. Joe Boyle 50
J. H. Branch 50
W. H. Brophy 5000
J. W. Bumping . 100
Mrs. Nellie Butler 100
Thos. E. Butler 100
Employes, C. Q. Mining Co 147,750
Employes, Cananea Consolidat
ed Copper Co 23,850
Jim Chung 100
H. T. Clarke 50
Co. Fund Co. A, 22d B. U. S. G. 1,300
Jas. J. Compton 100
L. De Coazi 50
Laura N. Cromwell 100
Virginia N. Cromwell 50
Freeman Crouch 50
Geo. D. Crowley 100
Dan F. Culbert 100
Esther Cummings 50
Henry Dahlgren 50
Chester Dally 50
Mrs. Dave Debo 100
Thos. W. Dixon 60
Miguel J. Dominguez 300
H. C. Downes . . . 50
Mrs. Owen Duff 50
Magt. Duffy " 100
Minnie Duffy 100
John B. Dugan 250
C. H. Edmundson 200
Josia Eldridge 100
Muriel Engasser 50
William E. Estes 300
Helen M. Evans 450
John F. Evans 200
Helen Elizabeth Evans 50
Tindal Evans, Jr 50
Tindal Evans 2,000
William A. Evans 60
Mrs. Chas. B. Fisher 100
James D. Fisher 100
Mrs. Miney M. Fisher 200
Laura A. Felix 100
Harvey Ferguson 50
E. A. Folson 300
Civilian Employes, Ft. Huach-
uca 550
R. M. Fox 60
R. M. Francrs .'. 100
J. M. Franklin 50
Mrs. Elizabeth Fuller 50
Dominick Gallso 50
Mrs. Ysabel V. Garcia 50
Pete Gatzioi.es 50
W. C. Gciger 150
Mrs. J. M. GIbbs 200 f y
Great Western Copper Co. ... 5,000
Great Western Copper Co. em
employes 1,000
Mrs. Alexina Grisly 50
R. P. Hale 50
Mrs. Lorine Hemes 100
Employes Higgins mine 4.20o
J. li. Hodges 100
Thos. Holland 100
M. M. Holmes 50
Mary J. Hughes 50
Thos. J. Hughes 2o0
J. F. Hung loO
J. S. Hunt 100
Mrs. Sam Itule 200
Peter Jenderson 50
Gust Johnson 100
Ira B. Joralemon 1.000
Lee Jovanovich 100
Mrs. Olivia J. Kelly 100
Mrs. E.' A. Kltmmer 100
Walter E. Kermode 50
Katherine Kinsella 50
K. of P.. No, 6, Cananea 1.000
H. L. Kohlberg 50
Jno. Kronman 100
Ernest J. Kronsell M0
X. Laporte 100
J. Y. Lapsley 500
Leadville Mining Co 500
Tho. Medena 50
Chas. Losey 50
J. A. Meliineaux 100
Gus M. Montano 50
J. M. Morrow 50
Herbert Loynd 250
Wm. Hall 50
Wm. Johns 50
T. W. Morrow 50
H. M. McArthur 100
V. H. McCormick 100
A. G. McGregor 1.000
B. S. McHugh 50
Dr. C. V. McPharlin 200
Casimero Nevac f 50
C. G. Newton 100
N. F. D. Nichols 100
Juan B. Patron 50
W. E. Betty 50
P. D. Corp. employes 200,000
Wm. Phelps 200
Oliver Powers 300
H. W. Pratt 100
H. O. Potts 50
R. Stephen Pratt 250
Lorine W. Quails 50
Roul O. Quiros 100
Frank Rabke, sr. 100
Golut Radonovich & Bros 300
Arthur Raines 50
Thos. B. Read, jr 50
C. H. Read 50
Mrs. W. R. Rhodes 100
Mrs. Mike Richards 50
L. D. Ricketts, additional ... 10,000
Alia E. Ridgeway 100
Hugh Riley 50
M. J. Riordan 50
Helen Sabo 100
Philip Sabo 100
H. J. Safady ., 50
Ragi Salied 100
J. L. Sc,hultz 100
B. Schwob & Co 500
Debert J. Sessions 50
E. B. Shaw 50
Albert Sheetz 400
H. B. Sherwood 50
Mrs. Grace Sinclair 1,000
G. W. Speed 100
D. T. Stetson . . . 50
Mrs. D. T. Stetson 50
Ed Steffler 100
Florence Stnole 50
Florence Studley 50
Mrs. Edna Studley ' 100
Mildred L. Taylor 50
Harold Thomas 60
W. H. Thomas 50
Fred R. Tonge 100
E. A. Tovrea & C 500
Mrs. Snnie Tresiboth 50
Andrew Tubb 50
Lt. Lee Tucker 50
Dennis J.' Walsh : 100
Cpt. Chas. W. Walton . .' 750
Warren Co 15,000
H. F. Welch 100
L. J. Widner 100
C. F. Schalk 100
Mary V. Sherwood 60
Luis F. Tijn 60
J. J. White 100
Agnes Winters 50
Mrs. C. A. Wittig 50
Mrs. C. A. Wittig 50
Hop Wo 50
Wong's Store 60
Yee Wong 50
R. A. Wood '50
A. T. Wooten 50
Robert D. Wyatt 100
B. A. Y , 200
Max Berliner 100
Marie Berthold 50
Bisbee Commandery K. T 50
Mrs. F. C. Blumm 100
John T. Bowles 1,500
Dr. W. G. Aryans (add'l.) 50
Horace Callison 100
M. E. Cassidy , . 250
Yick Chong & Co 150
Maj. II. C. Davidson 1,500
K. C. Henley 100
O. H. Kinsey 200
Ben Losada 60
W. C. Read 500
M. C. Reardon 50
Jno. Mason Ross 100
Julia Shea 100
Pedro Siguero 50
Joe Stokalo 50
I. W. Wallace 300
Max Marks 100
Bisbee Fuel and
Feed Company
Phone 121
Office Below Copper Queen Hotel
COAL,
WOOD
isbee Fuel and
Feed Company
Phone 121
Office Below Copper Queen Hotel
H II E 1 T
mm
At this Bank small depositors receive the same
courteous consideration of our officers and em
ployes as those having larger Accounts.
Prompt and efficient service to EVERY depos
itor. Checking Accounts invited.
Bank with us.
Vt 1 K1t? f
STORY OF NUMBER 40
40 years ago an old doctor was put
ting up a medicine for diseases of the
blood, that cured the worst cases of
specific blood poison, and time proved
that the cures were permanent. After
many years I secured the perscriptlon
(being a druggist), and took each in
gredient separately and referred to my
U. S. Dispensatory and other books on
medicine and found the medical prop
erties set down as follows: "Employed
in diseases of tbe glandular system. In
blood poison, scrofula, constipation,
stomach and liver troubles, chronic
rheumatism, catarrh, in sores, ulcers,
skin eruptions, mercurial and lead
poisoning. Under its use nodes, tu
mors and scrofulous swellings that
have withstood all other treatment
disappear as if by magic." To com
memorate my fortieth year as a drug
gist I named this medicine Number 40
For The Blood. J. C. Mendenhall,
Evansvilie, Ind.
Sold by Central Pharmacy, Bisbee,
Arizona
BARRETT
Ever-Lastic Roofing
See advertisement on inside cover of Saturday Evening
Post of August 3. We have a full car in stock.
Bisbee Lumber Co. inc.
EMIL MARKS, Mgr. Lowell Car Slop PHONE 23
L. J. OVERLOOK, BROKER
Correspondents: Paine, Weber A Ca Boston, Ouluth, Calumet.
LOGAN oY BRYAN, NEW YORK AND CHICAGO
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
AND HIGH CLASS CAFE
The best of everythinsc at reasonable a la carte price.
A Special 60c luncheon daily. AUo $1 .00 dinner from
5:30 to 7:30 p. m. Regular Board by the month, $45.00
Henry Poppen, Manager.
r
A Careening Switch Engine, a Gone-Mad
Motor-Boat and a High-Powered Car
Each Figured in the Race
Against Time
The machine shot up and stopped dead
with a roar. Its lone occupant sprang
breathlessly out and burst through the
door just in time to get his copy in be
fore the forms closed on The Review Clas
sified Columns!
Everythlno New OPPOSITE DEPOT Everything Firet C!lM
U. S. A. HOTEL
The Moet Centrally Located Hotel In Bisbee. Phone Green 46A
ROOMS EY DAY. WEEK OR MONTH
i
J FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 3, 1918.
WHAT 100 PEOPLE OF ill
THINK OF HDI1I I
IMP'S COf EIS101 LI
The printing on an envelope con- in presenting claims for Injuries; 100
training assertions in opposition toper cent in speedy payments to 100,
Amendment 100 reminded me of the fer cel TVT J""!
to, and for the full 100 per cent of
violent harangues made in the Mooney prescribe(1 compensation in damages,
defense printing circulated through- The state, as trustee of the funds pro
out the country, and the contents ol vided, officially guarantees the above
the May 1 and August state-'wide and results, and the employers of labor
nationwide strike calls which were pay 10O per cent of the damages,
repudiated by .the rank and file of or- costs and all expenses. The taxpay
ganized labor. This impression cer- ers are thus 100 per cent free from
tainly made me stronger than ever for the present costs 'of present methods.
Amendment 100." Mrs. E. H. Spain, The measure is 100 per cent deslr
Phoenix , I able." W. E. Ryan.
"I believe that the pufblic should be j -j heari a woman say recently that
warned that those opposing Amend- Ene was for Amendment 100 because'
ment 100 have in the past stopped at its grgt effects would be to relieve tha
nothing to carry their points and that 6;ck r00m of the terror of an empty
they will slop at nothing to defeat purse pay would keep coming on
the measure that now threatens to
put them out of business. Mi3repre-
sentations of all kinds are to be ex -
pected." Mrs. B. B. Sanders, Phoe-j
nix. -
ine game oi me Kaiser rum mo
Beginning nas iieen uurw uia cmj
into arguments and divert him from
me reai uusmesa cu Bu.UB u. w famlliea. that relieves these of wcr
top. The man who called the state- rje8 and naneces8ary C0st8 and at tte
wiae fi uu ..wj a uacuucu
ears of the public of Phoenix and the
state on the same subject in August
and the man who was fined $50.00 at
Glebe for assaulting a citizen who
wanted to put up an American flag.
are playing the same game in the in-
stame of Amendment loO. It would
be foolish to stop to argue with them.
The thing is to go over the top. tiTrs.
Lula Busby, Phoenix.
"My understanding has always been
that organized labor speaks for itself,
act through self-constituted spokes
men, and I expect to see it shaking
hands with state insurance, a proven
success in many states, lowered taxa
tion and the better general conditions
provided for by Amendment 100 on
November oth.'' Mrs. B. B. Moeur,
PinoTiiv
"It seems unnecessary to me that "fP0116"1 and , sf " they are,n,ot
employers should assert that they eithe1r labor abators or personal in
will operate under Amendment 100 It J"" lawyers living on the evils of our
it is adopted on November 5th. If , present laws and the misfortunes of
thev should not do so. juries in per
sonal injury cases would bankrupt) "I am for the amendment It's ab
them under the operation of the com- solutely 100 per cent good from every
mon law within a year. The .juror standpoint. It cuts out the graveyard
would be properly prejudiced because i chasers and it protects both ways
the employer did not avail himself oiiootn tne owner ana tne workman.
state insurance; it would be evidence
that he intended to dodge fair pay
ment. Amendment 100 is so good in
all res;-cts f:r the workman that 1
cannot see what honest motive there,
can be back of the opposition to it
I am inclined to attribute it to greed
and ignorance." Mrs. M. C. Brown
ing. Phoenix.
"I have heard some comment as to
the length of Amendment 100 and am
reminded that the Bible is also of
much volume, yet I have never heard
of anyone attacking its merit because
of its length." Katie E. Demaine.
"State insurance for the married
workman will cost the employer not
one cent more than insurance for an
unmarried workman. The married
man stays, invests, upbuilds. He
helps the employer, the farmer, the
taxpayer in general to bear the bur
dens of the state and . increase its
activities. This thought alone should
put Amendment 100 through, far it
will attract married workmen as they
have never before been attracted to
any state in the union." Mrs. Bessie
B. Alexander.
"It would be a good thing to have
such a law, so that we could figurv
into our contracts the expense of such
things as accidents. At present it's
a gamble, and a contractor now must
make allowance. If he plays safe, for
things that may never happen." Hed
mond Toohey, Phoenix.
"Preparedness against misfortune
is a duty. Insurance is the greatest
preparednes that can be made for the
protection of the home. State insur
ance is the best and strongest of all
insurance. Of course I am for Amend
ment 100." Mrs. Edward F. Parker.
"State insurance, paid by the em
ployer, is progress. Who in Arizona
ten years ago would have thought the
state would be offered such a thing.
Few, if any. Let us take it promptly."
Mrs. A. G. I'tley.
'It is a pood law for women. 11
means far less distress for them and
their children under conditions of
misfortune. There never has been
legislation proposed in Arizona that
meant as much to them. Needless to
aay, I shall do all I can fv the adop
tion of Amendment 100." Mrs. T. C.
Irvine.
"Everything that reduces -niU'inder-strnding
and the chances for 11 should
bo adopted. Misunderstandings J.re
good for cur enemies only." Mrs W.
B. Twitchcll, Phoenix.
' "I have known of many cases of
distress, of children raised as objects
of charity and suffering all the ills
going with it; t mothers driven to
dire, extremes because of the delays
and the abuses practiced under out
present compensation laws. I feel
that the adoption of Amendment 100
and the stopping of all of this will be
a God send. We should all work for
if Mrs. 1 E. Hewins.
"My study of Amendment I'M' has
Iheen to view it as I would any other
measure directly r Indirectly pertain )
Inz to taxes. . Amendment 1 tut pro-
vldes for 100 per cent of simplicity 1
from tne state. I think tha. a bis
enough reason, if there were not
;many others, why every women, and
particularly every mother, in Arizona
j should work and vote for the Amend-
ment .Mrs. Mayneld, Phoenix.
j .Any mea8Ure proville9 greater
securit. for ,njured and their
same t,me iowers taxes and increases
, good feeling among all, is certainly
to be votad for. I do not see how
Amendment 100 can be defeated and
believe every voter should make it a
special .point to see Jhat it is not."
Mrs. V. W. McXeff.
"Thirtyeven states have adopted
compensation laws like Amendment
100. Everywhere these laws have cre
ated better relations between employ
er and employe; given prompt and
proper compensation to the injured;
provided a livelihood for dependents;
eliminated personal injury suits and
lessened the financial - burden of in
dustrial accidents by the saving of
monies formerly wasted in litigation.
Arizona needs Amendment 100. It is
a mcdel law. Scratch the hides of its
large amount of mine development
work is hung up right now, awaiting
the vote on this measure. Let me
give you a sample of how things work
out under the present system: Say
you have raised $10,000 to sink a shaft
to where you can begin getting cut
ore. Through no fault of your3 you
become defendant in a suit for dam
ages. You have been unable to get a
sufficient insurance; for the surety com
panies are, shy of the little fellows.
Win or lose, the case costs you all the
money you have in the treasury. So
another abandoned shaft is added to
the many in Arizona. You come out
with your little company broke, your
miners lose their jobs, the state loses
taxable property, the nation loses the
metal, the taxpayers lose the week or
so that was taken up by a court' in
trying the case and a bunch of wit
nesses and jurors lose time that should
have been devoted to productive work.
The big mines can stand this, but the
developing properties cannot I don't
represent anything but the miner and
the development man.and I am work
ing for the amendment with all the
enthusiasm and energy I possess."
W. B. Twitchell.
"The proposed law means State In
surance paid for by the employer. It
la one of the most progressive steps
attempted in Arizona and I will surely
vote for it. That it will help da away
with the labor agitator and will put
an end to the activities of the shyster
lawyer are two great advantages that
will spring from it." E. A. Putnam.
Secretary Bisbee Y. M. C. A.
"It seems obvious that the "Work
men's Compensation Law' would prove
advantageous to all concerned; and
moreover, if enacted into law, we are
warranted in hoping that it would
tend to rid society of those conscience
less members of the legal profession
who hitherto have been deliberate
stirrers up- of strife and, while caring
neither for the employer nor the em
ployee, have profitted at the expense
of both." Hev. Jacob Morton White,
Rector Episcopal Church, Bisbee.
"I think that every woman should
vote for the Workmen's Compensation
Law. It means much to the wives and
children of workingmen in case of ac
cident and injury as the state guar
antees payment without delay of just
compensation. Due to the delays pos
sible under the present law there has
been in the past much inconvenience
and even actual suffering by the fami
lies of injured workingmen but this
will be done away with under the
proponed amendment." Mrs. A. W.
Colton. Secretary Y. W. C. A., Bisbee.
"I am strongly in favor of State In
surance and shall vote for Amend
ment loo. The fact that it has work
ed out ho well in more than thirty
slates that have adopted similar-compensation
laws and that in not a
single one of these lias it been re
peaieti is sunineni evidence to me
that it woull be a good thing for the
People of Arizona." .Mrs. Euiuia M
McKiuuey, Bisbee
"Every woman, every mother, should
vote and work for the Workmen's
Compensation Law. It will be a bene
fit to every working man, but greatest
of all to the wives and children of
those who come under its provisions,
ae the state will pay the compensa
tion without its or ands and without
loss of time. Insurance for every
workingman, the payment of which
is guaranteed by the state, is the
highest and best form of protection
and I cannot see a single reason for
opposition to it" Mrs. Fred Juliff
Warren,
"I am strongly in favor of the pro
posed Workmen's Compensation Law
as I am convinced that it is just to
all concerned. The prompt paymen
of compensation to workmen and
their families in case of misfortune
without the trvlng delays Incident to
damage suits brought in the courts is,
in my opinion, the one big reason why
it should become a law." Mrs. C. f
Fhllbrook, Bisbee.
"It sems to me that employees
taxpayers and employers should all
profit by the workings of the proposed
law. There is no long waiting for
the payment for Injuries as the state
pays the insurance benefits without
delay, the taxpayers are not burdened
with the heavy court costs of numer
ous damage suits and the employers
pay certain stated amounts for in
suring their men and are saved ex
pensive litigation. I shall certainly
vote for It." Mrs. F. C. Blum, Bisbee.
"The proposed law will be another
step .forward in Arizona. The taking
of the payment of compensation for
injuries out cf the hands of the com
panies and of the courts and putting
it into the hands cf the state which
pays it in full to the injured person
without deduction for lawyers' fees.
etc., is twentieth century efficiency."
Rev. Allan Krichbaum, Bisbee.
"The proposed Workmen's Compen
sation Law appears to me to be a
great improvement over the present
law and I shall certainly vote for it
The compensation is paid by the state
directly to the injured without going
through the hands of either courts or
lawyers and the workingmen and
their families get every cent ot it.
This is as it should be." .Mrs. C. 3.
Thompson, Bisbee.
"The opposition to Amendment 100
seems to come mostly from labor
agitators and those members ot ttje
legal fraternity known as shysters,
as far as I can find. Both classes
seem to feel that their occupation will
be gone if the proposed amendment
passes and I, for one, hope ths is
true. I firmly believe that better rela
tions between employe and-employer
will be the rule and that to a great
extent strife and discord will be a
thing of the past in the camps of the
state." Frank G. Hexton, Douglas.
"I have boosted Amendment 100
from the start and shall keep it up.
We all know what the opposition to
it, the agitators and personal injury
lawyers, stand for and their opposi
tion should be a boost for they are al
ways against the best interest of the
people." D. T. Dobo, Lowell.
"I have talked Amendment 100 over
with a great number of persons, con
servative workmen and the business
Lieu are agreed that it is a good law;
radical element offers no argument
against it but simply say they are go
ing to vote against it. I ehall work
for 100." J. B. Wylie, Iouglas.
"It is outside politics, a straight
business proposition for the protection
of the injured man, his wife and chil
dren or perhaps his parents, and for
the protection of all employers, big
and little, as well as for the reduction
of the taxes of the general public. I
can see how everybody should work
for it, but not how anybody can work
against it." N. A. Patterson, Douglas.
"I am strongly in favor of Amend
ment 100 and shall be glad to do
everything that I can to secure its
adoption by the voters in November."
Wm. D. King, Attorney at Law,
Douglas.
"Amendment 10. the Workmen's
Compensation Law, is one of the best
laws that can be passed for the bene
fit of the peqple of Arizona and for
the benefit cf labor." H. Glenden
ning. Bibbeo.
"It is my honest opinion that the
passing of Amendment 100 will be a
great step forward in bringing about
the desired closer affiliation between
labor and capital In Arizona." R. I
Rigg, Second Vice-President Arizona
State Federation cf Iabor, Globe.
In California when a similar law
was before the people to be voted on.
many of the employers fought It as
they regarded it as unfair. The law
was adopted and has been in effect
lor several years and neither the em
ployers nor the workingmen would be
willing, to change it." J. C. Cowan.
Warren. '
"I have gone into Amendment 100
thoroughly and in my judgment it is
much betr for all concerned than
the prestnt law. I feel it my duty
to vote for it." -Mrs. A. T. Hoy.
"The proHised Workmen's com
ensation I.aw is an honest law. It
saves no money to the companies but
it eliminates the evils and irraltins
that are ic ssrble under the present
system and enables the injured work-
1
ii vtrn iv i t 5.
IN 100
WAUtSlNXlF
ftavelOOTeasons
for'votirtj for
AMENDMENT 100
man or his dependents to get all the
twin a o t1n lYlfinV W . n. UUUI.
ing. Superintendent C. & A. Mining
Company
"Some 'time since I stated that
was opposed to Amendment 100. but
since then I have given the matter a
more thorough study and I now see
that I was mistaken in my views.
This amendment,. if adopted, could be
made the means rcf bringing capital
and labor together", adjusting personal
injuries and preventing much litiga
tion." J. W. Crenshaw, Attorney at
Law, Phoenix.
"Too long without it. In the In
terim, a certain class of lawyers, the
pawnbrokers, shylpcks and pickpock
ets of their profession, have tanen
hundreds of thousands of dollars an
nually from the pockets of injured
men and their families. Amendment
100 will stop them. I shall do all I
can for it" W. W. Clark, Globe.
' Denend on mv full support of the
prooosed law. Amendment 100. It Is
right and fair to -all." W. G. McDon
ald, Douglas.
"I heard a man say that the com
panies are for the law and f .r that
reason he is "again it. I have not
et declined to accept a raise in wages
from the company for which I work
and if the proposed law would give
me more compensation than tne pres
ent law, I am not going to kick." N.
D. Navarette.
"A man who went frcm Arizona to
de-fend the "WobbUes'1 in Chicago
claims credifr for writing our em
ployers' liability law. I am the man
accused of attempting to abrogate it
and to offer as a substitute Amend
ment 100." Joe CuFry.
'LVlanv benefits over the present law
are claimed for Amendment 10o. No
thine ventured, nothing gained. Why
not try It?" A. R. Metcalf, Douglas.
"I have seen ns ' argument against
Statements have been made that
is vicious and should be killed. This
it
reminds me of a lawyer's advice to
his partner, it you have a weak case,
ump on the other tellow . J. u.
Jonts, Douglas. i
"The object of Amendment 100 is I
) save. If it offers a saving to cap
al. to labor and' to society there is
no selfish motive that would tempt
me to voto against it." M. I R. Dun
bar, Bisbe . .
"I can see where tho companies
ould save money under the proposed
compensation law. That's th-ir busi
ness. I can see where I would be
be
nefitted by It. That's my business."
F. A. Smith. Bisbee.
"I am In favor of Amendment loo
tor the reason that it is favorable to
fully nine-tenths of the people of the
state. Every question has two sides,
but no fair-minded person can afford
to use tho argument the agitator and
pessimist always uses, and It Is get
ting to be a worn-out chestnut, tint
what is vuni f r the business interests
is bad for them. It is absurd to think
that 'things' can be pulled off and get
by in this day and age of democracy
and cooperation. Mr. 'Big Business',
you have got to work toward the wel
fare of your employes." 'has. W.
Allen. lTesident Warren District Re
lief Ass'n and Warren District Com
mercial Club.
"I'ndcr the present law in many
cases tho injured person receives onlj
part of the compensation, the balance
iioin to his l.nvver. I inter tne tiro-
Hsed law the iuuued person receives i
all of the comieiisation and that is
WM
i
)
N
why I will vote for it and advise my
fv;nri rtn thA same. airs. v..
Wilson.
In my judgment the proposed com
I.pensation which is in effect
state insurance, has many advantages
over the present law and therefore I
will support it." Chas. W. Ruth.
"If I understand tho present laws
there is nothing in them providing
amounts that should, be paid. For
instance, a man loses one arm. What
should the employer pay for such los3
$100 or $l,noo? The present laws do
not say. The controversy must be
laid before an expensive jury to de
cide. If injuries were rated, as under
Amendment 100, there would be no
use for a lawyer, court or juror. It
would stop lawsuit3 and reduce strife
between employers and employes and
will most surely have my support."
C. A. Johnson, Lowell.
"I know the present law allows
great abuses and I shall do all in
my power for the proposed Amend
ment 100." Grant McLaughlin, Doug
las. "Assuredly I am heartily for
Amendment 100. It will be a sreat
help to Arizona." M. S. Peysert.
Douglas.
"I am heartily in favor of Amend
ment 100 and shall work and vote fcr
it." James II. East. Douglas.
"I feel it to be my duty and sha'.l
do all in my power to enact Amend
ment 100. as I am convinced it is lor
the benefit ot all." Frank J. Waoscr,
Bisbee. '
"After carefully reading Amend
ment low, I a:u convinced that it is a
great improvement over the present
law, which is almost useless, either
to employe or employer. I s'lali dr
ail I can fur 10o." J. Nelson Nevius.
Octave. Ariz.
"After reaiiag A'aendment 1 ' and
from my understanding o; same, will
say I shall earnestly assist its adop
tion." W. J. McKenzie. Bisbee.
"I have p..ne over Amtndm -n: loo
thoroughly and am heartily in 'avo;
of the same. I shall be glad to do all
I can for it. "('.. W. Dav e. Douglas.
"The prupooed Amendment 100 has
my hearty ;p;ir'vt.l. and I fjel that
it will be a blessing to all concerned
if enacted ii.tn law at the coming
election. Every reasonable thinkins
man should appr ve it. and I can see
nothing bu s--l(ish or slu.rt-si:;hted
motives t'.iiit would induce any man
to eppos-c the measure. I will do what
I can for It." H. W. Z.ichan. Douglas.
I am doin' all I ran for Amend
ment 100, considering it a most im
portant step in the richt direction.
Having been in smelter work ( r over
thirty years. M: ive seen quite enough
of the flock of human buz.arls that
fatten on the carcases of strife, dis
seii-ion, class hatred and the misfor
tunes of injured men and any measure
that will tend to clip their wings and
enable employer and employe to meet
on inoro neutral grounds ot under
Ktamling, go d will and mutual in
terest will receive my heartiest sup
port." in. H. Weed, Douglas.
"I will do everything that I can for
the proposed Amendment loo provid
ing f.T a new compensation law. It
Is just."- L. C. Shattuck, Bisbee.
"The welfare of thousands of fiml
lles in Arizona is directly dependent
upon a satisfactory compensation law.
Amendment I on pr- vides such a law.
I am heirtily for it." W. Warner
WatMn. President -Elect riona
Stale Medical Association, rhoentx.
"U means progress for all. I shall
work for it." J. F. Sinclair, Bisbee.
"I have familiarized myself with
the provisions of Amendment loO and
leiieve that it is a good law. I shall
work to secure its adoption." Albert
Stacy. Douglas.
' All the possible support I can help
get for Amendment luO, I shall get.
Its adoption means a great deal of
gain to the workingman." Fred
Sandtr.er, Lowell.
' "It is protection not only for all
workmen and their families, but also
for every honest employer. 1 speak
particularly for contractus. All need
it." Thomas .Miller, Jerome.
"By unanimous vote the Cochise
County Medical Society cndoises
Amt-ndaiect 100. Workmen's Compeu-
T ..... " 1 1 ...... r r r.
i Secretary.
"Amendment 100 is very neressary
legislation for the protection o! em
ployers and employes in Arizona, and
in which the families of botu havj
he most at stake, it will ta't3 s Li
burden from the backs of the taxpay
ers through great reduction in ciurt
costs, will help the small employer
greatly by reducing his cost of Insur
ance, will cut deep into tha agitator
and put the shyster lawyer, who has
lived upon the misfortune ot ethers,
out of business. Therefore 1 am
heartily for it and urging everybody
ew to be." Charles P. Reiniger.
Uelnigerd'reeman Miues, Tucson.
"I am heart and soul in favor of
the proposed Workmen's Compensa
tion Law, Amendment 100." Rev. J.
uhe'idof. Ajc.
't'nder the law now in force, an
injured workman receives ONE ILVLF
PAY after tha fourteenth day he is
off and not one cent before that time;
under the proposed law he will re
reive TWO THIRDS PAY after the
seventh day he is off through injury.
Many a mtn is laid up through acci
dent more than seven days and less
thin fourteen days; at the present
time he gets nothing, where under
the new law he would be paid two
thirds wages f;r several days. I have
heard it said that the companies will
pay less attention to their safety de
partments if the new law is adopted
jnd that there will be many more ac
cidents. The employers are to be
issessed enough to pay for all the
compensation icr injuries and deaths
ind it will be to their advantage to
keep the accidents down then as well
ts now- for the more accidents and the
uk re compensation the more they
will be assessed from year to year."
Tom Cowperthwaite. Safety Super
visor C. & A. Mining Co.
"Cue of my clcsest friends probably
had more to do with framing the Cali
fornia workmen's condensation law
than any other one man and was
named by then Governor Hiram John
son of California a member of the
tirst state compensation board. For
that reason I becamo particularly
.'amiliar with that act. an act which
has stood the test of time and has
. roven more than satisfactory to
workers and employers alike. A close
study of the compensation law as pro
posed in Amendment 100 leads me to
believe it far superior even, to the
California act of like Import and 1
shall support this measure, which is
decidedly more liberal to the work
ingman than the existing one. I be
lieve it to be scientifically construct
ed and thoroughly practical and a
measure which insures to sufferers
from accidents In hazardous and ordin
ary employment just and complete
compensation without the necessity
of resorting to the courts to secure
their rights from employers." II. W.
Hall, Ph:enix.
"I believe Amendment 100 a good
thing for both employe and employer.
I have worked nearly all mv life 'or
eorporatiens and know what condi
tions are. I now- have several people
working in my ow n shop and I want
state insurance f.r their protection
3nd my own as well as for the best
interests of the general public." J.
E. Shaw's Vulcanising Works, Doug
las. "One of the most prolific sources
of friction at the present time be
tween the large employers and em
ployes is the working out of the
method of obtaining o: miensation for
Injuries now in effect It has often
involved endless litigation, long de
lays and a good deal ot antagonism.
The new bill, with its staJe Insurance,
its promise of speedy and automatic
settiem-'iit. should eliminate that
trour.d of bitterness and alt sether is
better than the present compensation
laws." Dean William Scarlett, Trinity
Pro-Cathedral. Phoenix.
"Ot ,'oner.ts of Amendment 100 have
raised no point against It that stands.
Prejudice is their only appeal, as it
always is the appeal of class hatred
builders. This and irresponsible ru
mors, such as the possibility of funds
leing short of requirements to meet
injuries under the pr. visions of the
law. an impossibility under the terms
of Amendment loo. comprise the slock
In trnde of those leading the opposi
tion to it." Allen T. Bird, Nogales.
'The honest, intelligent labor lead
ers will not and cannot hesitate to
declare himself in favor of Amend
ment lOo. A year's oierati n ot the
law will drive its present opponents
among the leaders of labor from the
state through the indignation ot the
meilii.ers at their narrow se.flsh op-.
position." John I. Donnelly. cx-Presi- j
dent
Arizona s.tate feneration oi i
Lab. r. Phoenix.
"I believe Amendment loo means
these things in Arizona: More ami
ai'le relations, meaning heartier co
oix ration; meaning greater output of
ore. beef and farm products; mean
ing more copior. gold, silver, load;
meaning more money all around, and
today meaning WIN THE WAR."
Joseph Irving. Bisbee.
"In tifteen .vears of smelting em
ployment I witnessed many sad ac
cidents and heard many bitter com
plaints. 1 have seen not a Jew abuses
under the presi nt lawn which Amend
ment loo would have averted. I have ,
read 100 and believe its provisions ri
ample and fair for all and am for U."
Charles N. Moore, Douglas.
"Workmen's Compensation Act,
Amendment 100, saouid be passed. 1
worked under similar act m Nevada
aud found it much more satisfactory
man insurance provided by a private
company." A. V. Smith, Pearce.
"1 tane pleasure in expressing my
self f.r all good laws brought before
the people of Arizona. 1 believe that
fairuess is given the working man In
Amendment lOo and I am for it"
M. Merries, Bisbee.
"A larger and more equitable com
pensation is obtained under it pre
visions without the unnecessary and
vexatious delays incident to litigation.
Certainly no workman acquainted
with its provisions will vote against
it." B. J. McGinnU, Warren.
"Believing Amendment 100 will
much bneut all Arizona workmen it
adopted, I am for it" D, R. Hancock,
Bisbee.
"Tho new Condensation Law Is a
wonderful improvement over the pres
ent law to my mind and I surely ap
prove of it. It saves workingmen and
their families trouble in time of
stress as thy receive compensator
ituout delay and without recourse
to the courts, and more important
than all else, at a time when It to
badly needed. Many workingmen and
tiieir families, ignorant of the law aad
their rights, have been used by de
signing lawyers for the latter bene
fit to the infinite Inconvenience and
suffering of the families. Similar
laws have worked out well ia other
states and this will be a boon to the
people pf this atate-V Rev. R C.
Compton, Pastor tirst Baptist Church,
Kisbee.
'It will be a golden day for the
wvrkir.gmen of Arizona when the
Workmen's Compensation Law ia
adopted. Strife and litigation will
cease and the state will pay injured
workingmen just compensation and
the man will receive ALL OF IT and
not what is left after a lawyer gets
his. I shall vote for it and use my in
fluence in favor of it." Rev. E. W.
Simon son. Rector Episcopal Church,
Douglas.
"it is an honest law, and I shall
vote for it." B. A. Packard. Douglas.
"I consider Amendment 100 a good
honest law. It will save much un
necessary litigation and the prompt
settlement of claims will be of un
doubted bene3t to the workingmen ot
the state and their families." C. A.
McDonald, Bisbee.
"The Workmen's Compensation Law
is fair and I consider it a great Im
provement over the present law. It
will cut out much litigation and save
the taxpayers a great deal of money."
J. C. White, President Warren Dis
trict Business Men's Association.
"The Compensation Law, to bo sub
mitted to the voters at the general
election, should be adopted. It seem
to be the best law along this line yet
adopted. Before entering the minis
try I worked under the Illinois Com
pensation Law, and both employer
and employe were benefitted. The
proposed Arizona Amendment is more
liberal in its provisions than any so
far adopted by other states." Re.
G. C. Linn, Pastor First Baptist
Church, Douglas.
Information Bureau, Arizona Work
men's Compensation Law Folsom
Moore, President: J. E. Curry. Secre
tary; Directors: W. P. Mahoney. StaU
Senator Mohave County, Oatman, Ari
zona; Andrew Kimball. Chairman
State Board of Trade, Thatcher. Ari
zona: R. A. Nickerson, Manager Saginaw-Manistee
Lumber Company, Wil
liams, Arizona: John L. Donnelly. ex
President Arizona State Federation of
Labor, Phoenix. Arizona; G. M. Colvo
coressea. General Manager Console
dated Arizona Smelting Company.
Humboldt. Arizona: J. E. Curry. Sc
retary Arizona Chapter American Min
ing Congress. Bisbee. Arizona; Fol
3um Moore, Tucson Typographical
Union. Tucson. Arizona. Adv.
Madam Clark
CLAIRVOYANT
The well known clairvoyant. Gives
truthful advice on all affair nf lif
iaru what is before you. Business
chances, iournevs. speculation, social
and domestic conditions, failures, suc-
cess, ill health, evil influences, love,
marriage, divorce, law suits and all
human affairs advised upon with un
erring accuracy.
The wise use every means to com
pass victory; thousands have been
helped. If you are in trouble of any
kind, uphuppy. not satisfied in life,
have domestic, love or business trou
bles, you will be told how to over
come them all.
Readings daily from 10 a m. to S
p. m.
GOLDEN HOTEL. ROOM 15
Mil
NT
i '-2 X
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 3, 1918.
FIVE
DAILY REVIEW WANT ADS
Advertisements under this head t the rate of 1 cent per word each Issue, with a minimum charge of 25 cents.
Advertisements must reach The Review office not later than 8 p. m. for insertion in next morning's paper.
Male Help Wanted
"WANTED Old gentleman to stay on
ranch. For information apply 128
Opera Drive, opposite City park. 386
Female HIn Wanted
WANTED Girl for general house
work, small family, half day. Phone
Red 758. 463
WANTED Ten bright capable ladies
to travel, demonstrate and sell well
known goods to establisned dealers.
$25 to $50 per week; railroad fare
paid; weekly advance for traveling
expenses. Address at once Goodrich
Drug company. Dept. 131, Omaha,
Kebr. 46!)
WANT ED Kitchen
L.-icl.
girl, at
Warner
435
WANTED Maid for general house
work and cooking. A. W. Engeldar,
Hoatson avenue, Warren. Phone
614. 260
WANTED Woman for general house
work. Phone 294. . ' 257
Positions Wanted
WANTED Girl for housework. Apply
Mrs. Emil Marks, Clawson avenue,
Bisbee. 236
For Rent
A , .
FOR RENT-Batching rooms. $8 and
?t. J.igru ana water aim gas iuru-,
ished. 67 Upper Lowell. 437 I
FOR RENT Three unfurnished
rooms and two furnished rooms,
near Gardner shaft,
No.
9 Jigger-
ville
473
FOR RENT One five room house for
rent, furniture for sale. Close in on
level. See C. H. Hogan, below Cop
per Queen hotel, or Phone 121. 465
FOR RENT OR SALE Four room
house. 46 Laundry hill. Phone
434. Mrs. Bell. 467
FOR RENT Four rooms furnished;
also other housekeeping or batching
rooms, near Custom House. Phone
Green 696. 464
FOR RENT Large room for bachel-'
ors or light housekeeping,
hotel. Brewery Gulch.
Miners
46:
FOR RENT Two furnished house
keeping rooms. 102 Iliggins hill. 379
FOR RENT Two large furnished
front rooms, housekeeping if de
sired. Vista street. Warren. Phone
791. 387
FOR RENT Nicely furnished room
with bath, gentleman preferred.
Opposite Convent on Curve street.
442
FOR RENT Three room unfurnished
house. First yellow house on right
at end of car line, Tombstone can
yon. s
FOR RENT Good furnished room.
Wilson, 17 Quality hilL 476
FOR RENT Nicely furnished three
room flat, bath and fine sleeping
porch in connection. Call 236
School hill, or PHone Black 811. 477
FOR RENT Room for office. Lyric
theater building. Phone 159. 429
FOR RENT Five room furnished
house in Warren. Call Blue 6S2 be
tween 8 and 10 a. m. 433
FOR RENT Light housekeeping
rooms. 85 Main street. 414
FOR RENT Garage. Inquire at War
ren hotel. 256
FOR RENT Garage, Tombstone
BannA v,naa tn r pht rT Maann '
avenue car stop.
dh
FOR RENT 1 wo furnished house
keeping rooms. 14 Laundry bill.
V. J. Shearer. 329
FOR RENT Two rooms furnished for
housekeeping, close in. Oregon ho
tel, 19 O. K. street. 316
FOR RENT Garage with light. Ap
ply D. Playtair, 98 Mason hill. Thone
Blue 647. 278
FOR RENT One two-room and one
three-room furnished apartment.
Hayes house. Tombstone canyon.
415
FOR RENT Two large front rooms,
housekeeping if desired. Vista
street. Warren. Phone 791. S87
FOR RENT One four room new con
crete house in Bakerville. Key in
premises. 389
FOR RENT One four-room unfurn
ished house, Higions hill, $25 per
month. See C. H. Hogan, Phone 121,
office, below Copper Queen hotel.
' , 202
FOR RENT Two furnished house
keeping rooms. 102 Higgins hill. 379
For Sale
DOUGLAS BUSINESS OPENINGS
4OO0 Well Established Transfer and
Storage business, doin:; fine busi
ness. Owner going to hospital for
operation and must sell.
$3200 Rooming House in high class
location, right in center of town.
It's a money maker.
$2500 Popular hangout in the theater
district, handles cigars, soft diiuks,
light lunches. Owner in next draft.
$32oO Completely furnished six room
aJobe house in Hood location, close
in. rents for $45 por month, $l.,io
cash will handle.
11 E DUG AN
511 Tenth St, Douglas, Ariz. 409
For Sale
FOR SALE One five-burner gas cook
ing stove, in good condition. J. T.
Jones, 110 Bailey hill, rear of Ander
son store. 440
FOR SALE One Ford roadster, two
five passenger Fords, one five pas
senger Overland. Best buy in Bis
bee. One light five passenger Olds
mobile, a snap; one seven passenger
Studebaker, one Buick, little six
roadster. All of these on easy terms.
Drop me a postal, I will save you
money. Box 607, Bisbee. 436
FOR SALE Chevrolet car in good
condition. Win. Taylor, Black Knob,
Warren. 441
FOR SALE Furniture of five room
house and house for rent to pur
chaser of furniture. Close in on
level. See C. II. Hogan, below Cop-
per Queen hotel, or Phone 121. 46d
FOR SALE One five passenger Ford j
car, AI condition; 28 hens, one. nog,
and furniture for three room house.
$600 cash. Apply Don Luis, south
of church. Mr. Lee Frazier. .474
FOR SALE: New set of books of
twelve. History telling the cause
and events of the war. $25 cost.
Will sell cheap or trade. Address
Box 3015, Lowell. 418
FOR SALE: One modern five room
. h(juge witn bathwith or witnout
furniture. Located Clawson . ave
nue. See F. E. Coles, Phelps Dodge
8tore-
j-qj sale 140-acre ranch, buildings.
16-foot windmill, reservoir and other
improvements, $1200; also relin
quishment on 400-acre homesteaa
with lease on section of state land.
Write Ranch, Review. 413 !
FOR SALE: Fixtures of 18 room j
boarding house, doing business, j
Close to mines. Phone Black 764.
335 I
FOR SALE CHEAP Three burner oil
stove, with oven, used 60 days.
Feeney, Miller hill, Wohlschlegels
house. 264
FOR SALE: At bargain, fine all wool
man's dress overcoat, dark grey
mixed, extra quality; also good
strong trunk and suitcase. Will sell
cheap. Call after 7 p. m., Room 28
Mason hotel, Lowell, Ariz. 20
FOR SALE Four room furnished
hnncA Artrtlv T T I j fill wnru Smith'
UWUD?. 1 t 1 J V. I. V. w . , ,
Bisbee.
FOR SALE On account of the draft
the People's cafe in Lowell is for
sale. 382
FOR SALE
-Piano, bargain. Am leav-
ing town. See I. F. Burgess at M. & !
M. bank 351
FOR SALE) Five room modern house,
with laree comer lot. Will cive im
mediate nossession. Near PhelDS i
Dodge store, in Warren. Box XX. !
rar Review. 325 i
FOR SALE: One four room modern
bungalow completely furnished, lo
cated on boulevard going into War
ren. This is a bargain for any one
wanting a home. See C. H. Hogan,
Phone 121, office below Copper
Queen hotel, Bisbee. 319
FOR SALE Modern tour room bun
galow with sleeping pori. Inquire
C. M. Gibson, or Phone Re!l 516. 288
FOR SALE Nicely furnished four
room house in Warren. Small cash
payment, balance terms. Box 792,
Warren. 304
can-IFOR SALE The Pressure Cooker,
J nunc lot iui uuunciD ui ucuiuuoua-
FOR SALE Ranch, 160 acres, all
fenced, patented windmill, plenty oi
water for stock, a four room house,
a mile and a half from Lee station.
$1800. Inquire Box 1695, Bisbee. 102
minutes walk from Denn mine. Mrs.
Winwood, Winwood addition, $50
and up. 849
Wanted
WANTED Furnished room in private
family by two men employed. Prefer
Mason or Quality hill, close in. W.
F. G, Review. 438
WANTED Uy couple, four or five
room furnished house in Warren for
two months, good reference. F, care
Review. 468
WANTED Second hand clothes
bought City Dye Works. 439
WANTED Double headed hardwood
barrels in good condition. We will
pay $l.o0 each delivered at our
I mirkrts in Bisbee or Lowell or at
I our slaughter house E. A. Tovrea
& Co.
mil
j WANTED Four or five room modern
furnished house. Give location and
slate price. Address L. R. H., care
I Roview. 390
I WANTED To buy, some shares of
I 'acozarl Consolidated Copper com
j par.y. Address M. P. Fernandez, Box
j 1041. Bisbee. 266
WANTED Three room fumiskea
house, near school. Two children.
Address F. A. C, care Review. 354
WANTED IIou.-;, lour looms or more
unfurnished, liisbne or Warren. Ad
dress. "G ." care Review. tf-dh
Money to Loan
SMALL QUICK LOANS-On your per
sonal note to salaried men and wo
men, also on iurnltuie. Cox Loan
company. Room 7. Sparks Kline
building. 166
Lost
LOST Waterman fountain pen. Re
turn to Review office. Reward.
J. C. Ash more. 417
LOST A diamond and pearl breast
pin between P. D. store and Art
hill, Saturday evening. Return to
Mrs. Ed Clague, 163 Art hill. 42S
Miscellaneous
HOTEL LETSON Jlain street. Phone
559. Exceptionally clean, quiet,
nicely furnished rooms. Special
rates to permanent guests. 475
MISS FLORA THAIN Will give indi
vidual and class lessons in aesthetic
and interpretive dancing, also ballet
and folk dancing. Address Box 1495,
Bisbee, Ariz. 434
STOCK
SALESMEN Financial
house has opening for five $1000 per
month stock salesmen to follow up
live leads which cost us from $10
to $15 a piece in small towns.
Strong selling issue. Have active
endorsement of many prominent
men. 25 to 30 leads when salesman
starts more continually. Excellent
references required. Address, Sales
Manager, 2952 Chicago avenue,
Chicago, 111. 157
MADAM CLARK
The WELL-KNOWN CLAIRVOYANT.
If you are in trouble of any kind
unhappy, not satisfied in life, have
domestic, love or business troubles
you will be told how to overcome
them all. My record for successful
work during the past year is as fol
lows: Reunited 163 couples.
Brought about 237 marriages.
Located two. buried treasures.
Located 27 absent persons.
Overcome 220 rivals.
Removed 37 evil influences. '
Whatever your trouble is, 1 can help
you.
MADAM CLARK
Hours: 10 a. m. to 8 p. iu, daily.
Golden Hotel, Room 15. 419
LIBERTY BONDS BOUGHT We pay
the following prices, any amount
bought ($50 to $50,000): 1st ZVi pet
complete, $102; 2d 4 pet. complete,
96; 3d 44, complete $96; 4th 4 pet.
complete $94. Send same by
registered mail or by express.
Remittances returned game day.
Reference, Dua or Bradstreets
or any banking company. United
Stock & Bond Co., 414 Geary St,
San Francisco. -410
fiOSSARI) CORSETS FOR SALE
From $2 up. All corsets carefully
fitted. Ines Warburton, next Ari
zona Grocery store, Upper Main.
2S2
'll"l'ja TO
Y. m. C. A. bcnooi, Los
Augeiea," aoout Auto, Kaaio, um
uierciui una Engineering courses
nam ior service. inn
BUNDLES OF OLD PAPERS At the
Review office. ,Large bundles, price
Legal Notices
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
(024063
Department of the Interior
U. S. Laud Office at Phoenix, Arizona,
October 5, 1918.
Notice is hereby given that Lloyd L.
Stewart, of Don Luis, Arizona, who, on
January 13, 1914, made Homestead
Entry, No. 024063, for Lots 1, 2, 3 and
4, S. Vi N. W. Vi. Section 29, Townshio
23 S., Range 24 E., G. & S. R. B. &
Meridian, has filed notice of intention
to make three year proof, to establish
claim to the land above described, be
fore Jared D. Taylor, U. S. Commis
sioner, at Bisbee, Arizoaa, on the 12th
day of November, 1918.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Carl Fuller, of Don Luis, Arizona.
Minnio Duffy, of Don Luis, Arizona.
Thomas J. Spaulding, of Bisbee, Ari
zona. Harry L. Grenard, of Lowell, Ari
zona, 943 JOHN L. IRVIN, Register.
j
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
(026401)
Department of the Interior
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Arizona,
October 5, 1918.
Notice is hereby given that Minute
Duffy, of Don Luis, Arizona, who, on
January 2, 1915, made Homestead
Entry, No. 026401, for Lots 6 & 7, S.
S. W. U. NT- W. i S. W. Vi, Section 29,
Township 23 S , Range 24 E., G. & S.
R. B. & Meridian, has filed notice of
iuler.tion to make three year proof, to
establish claim to tin land above de
scribed, before Jared D. Taylor, U. S.
Commisisoner, at Bisbee, Arizona, oa
the 12th day of November, 1918.
Claimant iyi;iies as witnesses:
Carl Fuller, of Don Luis, Arizcna.
Lloyd L. Stewart, of Don Luis, Ari
zona. Thomas J. Spauidiug, of Bisbee, Ari
zona. Harry L. Grenard, of Lowell. Ari
zona. 914 JOHN L. IRVIN. Register.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
(023133) 1
Department of the Interior
U. S. Iand Office at Phoenix, Arizona, .
October 5, 1918. .
Notice is hereby given that Danie.I
McGowan, of Hereford, Arizona, who,,
oti August 19. 1913, made Dpscrt Lan-l j
Entry, No. 02J139, for S W. .i N. V.. I
i. S. E. N. W. Vi. N. W. , S. E. li. !
N. K. ', S. W. 4. Soctiun 7, Township!
24 S.. Ranse 22 1... G. & S. R. II. &.
Meridian, has filed notice of intention I
U make final purchase proof under,
Act 3 4-15, to establish claim lo the I
land above des ribed, Itcfcro Jared I). .
Taylor. U. S. Coinniihsioner, at I'.n liec.
Arizona, on the 14th day of November,
191S. i
Claimant names as witnesses: ,
James L. Brooks, of Bisbee, Arizona. '
Charles McGowan, of Bisbee. Ari
zona. Dayton L- Graham, sr., of Bisbee,
Arizona.
Dayton L. Graham, Jr., of Garces,
Arizona. r
..41 JOHN L- 1RVIN. Register.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
(023942)
Department of the Interior
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Arizona,
October 5, 1918.
Notice is hereby given that James
E. Tomblinson, of Garces, Arizona,
who, on Dec. 11, 1913, made Home
stead Entry. No. 023S42, for E. Ms W.
Vi N. E. M S. E. Section 23. Town
ship 23 S., Range 20 E.. G. & S. R. B.
& Meridian, has filed notice of inten
tion to make five year proof, to estab
lish claim to the land above described,
before W. A. Fowler, U. S. Commis
sioner, at Tombstone, Arizona, on the
12th day of November, 1918.
Claimant names as witnesses:
G. J. McCabe and Milton Clark, both
of Hereford, Arizona.
W. L. Aston and H. W. Clarkson,
both of Garces, Arizona.
946 JOHN L. IRVIN, Register
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
(026789)
Department of the Interior
U. S. Land Office at Phoeuix, Arizona,
October 5, 1918.
Notice is hereby given that Isaac E.
French, of Hereford, Arizona, who, on
Feb. 18, 1915, made Homestead Entry,
No. 0267S9. for N. Section 25,
Township 2 S., Range 21 E., G. & S.
R. B. & Meridian, has filed notice of
intention to make three year proof, to
establish claim to the land above de
scribed, before Jared D. Taylor, U. S.
Commissioner, at Bisbee, Arizona, on
the 13th day of November, 1918.
Claimant names as witnesses;
Sherman J. Deals
Jacob J. Karlen.
Alfred Bailey.
William A. Lyth, all of Hereford,
Arizona.
945 JOHN L. IRVIN, Register.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Arizona,
October 19, 1918.
Notice is hereby given that Manuel
Larranaga, of Garces, Arizona, who,
on September 29, 1915, made Home
stead entry. No. 028436, for S. N.W.
Vt, N. S. W. Vi. Section 34, Town
ship 2S-S., Range 21-E., G. & S. R. B.
& Meridian, has filed notice of inten
tion to make Three Year proof, to es
tablish claim to the land above de
scribed, before Jared D. Taylor, U. S.
Commissioner, at Bisbee, Arizona, on
the 26th day of November, 1918.
Claimant names as witnesses:
James F. Kelly, of Garces, Arizona.
Charles A. Martin, of Lowell, Ari
zona. William Ryan, of Hereford, Arizona.
George L. Dunn, of Stark, Arizona.
JOHN L. IRWIN, Register.
STRIKE MADE UPON
LOS GONQUISTADORES
' MINE NEAR BENSON
THOUGH CONSIDERED GOLD
PROPERTY, NEW BODY OF
GOLD-SILVER-LEAD ORE LOOKS
AS THOUGH IT MIGHT FINANCE
DEVELOPMENT
Some very interesting develop
ments have lately arisen on Los Con
quistadoes mining property, situated
about 12 miles north of Benson, Ariz.
It had been regarded as a gold pro
position solely; but recently a large
body of gold-silver-lead ore has been
uncovered on the Carolina No. 1 and
No. 2 claims, which from the values
it contains, bids fair to be the means
of financing all of the development,
work throughout the property . and
leaving considerable in the dividend
fund, for its stock-holders.
Preparations are under way to ship
a large tonnage of this ore to the El
Paso smelter and it is intimated by
some of the officials of the company,
that this step presages the withdraw
al of the treasury stock from the
market.
SI3ERIAN FLAG LATEST.
(By Review leased Wire)
AMSTERDAM, Nov. 2. The latest
addition to the flags, of nations is the
standard of the new Siberian republic.
It is plain white and green, symboliz
ing tlie country's snowfields and its
virgin forests.
RHEUMATIC PAINS
QUICKLY EASED BY PENETRAT
ING HAMLINS WIZARD OIL.
A safe, harmless and effective
preparatioii to relieve the pains ol
Rheumatism, Sciatica. Lame Back
and Lumbago is Hamlin's Wizard
Oil. it contains no chloroform or
other dangerous ih.lgs hut is com
posed of the mo: t expensive of
healing t lis. It penetrates quickly,
drives out (he soreness, and limbers
up the stiff, aching joints and muscles.
V'nanl Oil is a good, dependable
preparation ti keep in the medicine
die a tor tirst aid w hen the doctor
may be far away. You will find al
most daily uses for it in case.-, of
slid leu mi:,haM or accidents such as
sprains, bruises, cuts. hums, lutes and
slings. Jii!-t as reliable, too, for enr
uth. toothache, croup and colic.
It -t a bottle tvoni your druggist for
3oc mill use the meiiii inc. f net en
tirely satisfied take the bottle back
to him i'tiil he will return your money.
I: you arc troubled with constipa
tion or sick hevlachi! try H.iinliiis
Wizard LiviV Whips. Just pleasant
link- pink pills at druggists tor c.
Guaranteed.
THOMSON SAYS HE
GAINED 43 POUNDS
Suffered Fifteen Years With
Rheumatism and
Other Troubles
Another remarkable statement to be
added to the thousands alteady given,
testifying to tne undoubted benefits
that nave been derived from the use
of Taniac in long standing cases of
lbeumatic troubles, is that mane the
other day by Duncan Thomson, wno is
iu the meat market business and lives
at 421 1-2 Hawthorn avenue, Portland,
Ore. In telling of his experience with
lanlac Mr. Tnompson said:
"1 teel it my amy to. tell everybody
how Tan lac restored my broken down
health, for the only way I found out
about this wonderful medicine was
through others telling how it helped
them.
"1 suffered from a rheumatic condi
tion of the system for 15 years," con
tinued Mr. Thomson, "and I kept get
ting worse all the time. My kianeys
worried me too for the last two years
and the misery in my back was bo ter
riole I thought at times it would sure
ly break in two. My legs and knees
would draw up till my muscles felt
like tney were tied in knots and ached
so bad I could hardly bear to have
anything touch them. I was so badly
constipated, that I had to take some
thing tor this condition every two or
three days, and my troubles weighed
on me so and pulled me djwn till they
nearly put me out of business. I lost
weight, and felt so tired and worn out
all the time that it was all I could do
to drag myself off to my work.
"Well, I tried everything 1 coula
hear of, but got no better, and had
begun to think there was no help for
me at all. 1 was in Snyder, Okla
homa, when I first heard about Tan
lac. Everybody, there was taking it,
and the results they were getting were
so remarkable that I bought some my
self to try. Why, I personally know
one lady who was down in bed with
rheumatism for six months and her
friends had given her up to die. She
took Taniac and is now up and do
ing her own work, as well as ever, and
I could tell you of many other cases.
But to get back to my own case, I
felt so much better after taking my
first bottle that I kept on with it till
now my rheumatism and kidney trou
bles have been entirely relieved, my
constipation has been removed and I
have actually gained 34 pounds in
weight. I am stronger and better than
I have been in years, I work as hard
as a man half my age and it don't
hurt me a bit. I have already told
many people about the way Taniac
has fixed me up and I expect to tell
many more for I think Taniac is the
best medicine anybody can take."
Taniac Is old in Bisbee by J. M.
Ball, in Douglas by Douglas Drug com
pany, in Paradise by G. A. Walker, in
Bowie by Bowie Drug company, in San
Simon by J. B. Cooke, in Wilcox by
A. A. Nicholson, in Lowell by Lowell
Drug company, in Benson by C. F.
Moss Pharmacy, in Gleeson by B. A.
Taylor, in Warren by Warren Drug
company, in Pearce by B. A. Taylor,
and in Tombstone by Boyd's Drug
store.
SURVEY PARTIES ARE
NEEDED BY ARMY
CONSTRUCTION
WASHINGTON, D. C, Nov. 2 The
construction dtvisio.i of the army is
without doubt the most extensive or
ganization of its kind in the history
of the world. The approximate value
of construction projects undertaken
by this branch of the government
since the United States entered the
war is one billion dollars. The fig
ures representing the material used
and the men employed are staggering.
250,000 workmen have been under the
control of the division at one time.
Among the division's present urg
ent needs -are 50 chiefs of survey
party at $2,700 to $3000 a year; 50
transit men at $2400 a'jear; 25 livery
men at $2100 a year; 125 rodmen at
$1S00 a year and 50 topographic
draftsmen at $2100 a year. These
positions are open to men only, ex
cepting the drafting positions, which
are open to both men and women.
All of the positions are in the civil,
not the military, service.
Persons interested should apply to
the United States civil service com
mission, Washington, D. C, or to the
bjiretary of the local board of civil
service examiners at Boston, New
York, Philadelphia, Atlant, Cincinnati,
Chicago, St. Paul, St. Louis, New Or
ltans. Seattle, or San Francisco.
Applicants will not be required to
undergo a written examination, the ex
amination being of the "non-assembled"
type; that Is. the ratings will
be based upon education, training, ex-pern-nce
n-i'l ph sn ai anility as snown
by the applicalious and corroborative
evidence. These positions offer an
excellent opportunity for patriotic ser
vice, and the civil service conimii"
sirn urgoK qualified pt rsons to apply
without delay.
I POLISH FORESTS DAMAGES.
AN iTl.!;i:..V.. Nov. j Irrctiiev
lal-.c il.iiii;i;c "ia:, he:-n wrought by tliei
Germaas Ml th Ion-Ms of I'obnd. as
pcili I'roi. '.l:i:Mitch at Cracow.
I In Waiaxk pi ounce aionc, the Gcr-
ii. 1.1 ;:ov,-n' T ha i oiili ale one-
tlnri i.-l the lore -I lands wit mi Ins
jurisdiction, or more man 500.000
acres. Lithuania and White Kiwshi
ivc Miff Ted even more, especially
tin virgin loicst of Itialoviif. willed
cover an area of :!J'.i'imi ai res and aro
eslimaieU to be worth J L'OO .imhi.iumI
These lurests have now been int up
by thj Ueimans.
LODGE NOTICES
Cards of every fraternal order in the Warren District; giving the essential
facts of each, their meeting nights, their officers and the place of gather
Ing will be found under their respective headings in these columns.
BISBEE LODGE NO. 718.
L.O.O.M.
Meets every Friday
night. Moose Hall.
Visiting brothers cor
dially invited.
R. L GLEASON,
Dictator.
BISBEE LODGE NO. 10. I. O. O. F.
meets every
Thursday
evening at Odd
Fellows' Hall
Subway street, at 7:30 o'clock. Visiting
brothers cordially Invited to attend.
Hall phone 119.
G. A. PLUNKETT, N. O.
LESTER EUSTACE, Sec'T.
PYTKIAN SISTERS
Lily Temple No. 3 meets every 2nd
and fourth Tuesday evening of each
month at Odd Fellows Hall. Visiting
sisters are cordially invited.
MINNIE BLUM, M. E. C
Phone Black 851.
IDA GLAZE. M. of R. C.
Box 1475
FRATERNAL ORDER OF EAGLES
Bisbee Aerie
No. 175, F. O.
E., meets 1st
and 3d Tues
days, 8 px m..
Eagles' Hall.
Visitors cor
d i a 1 1 y wel
come. J. F. WILMOTH, Presdent
F. C. FENDERSON. Secretary.
C. L. EDMUNDSON. Aerie Physician.
BROTHERHOOD OF AMERICA
YEOMAN
Richard I, Homestead 89!, meet sec
ond and fourth Tuesdays at Medigo
vich hall. Visiting Archers are cor
dially invited.
MRS. C. C. FINLAYSON.
Foreman, P. O. Box 1526.
E. D. STINSON,
Correspondent, Box 1496.
WEEK ENDING NOVEMBER 9, 1918.
Monday
Tuesday Wednesday
Thursday
Friday
Saturday
W. W. GIDLEY, W M.
B. T. W ATKINS, Sec'y, F. & A. M.
J. W. TOLAND. E. H. P. ,
C. F. PHILBROOK, T. L M:
F. E. BENNETT. E. C.
F. S. DAVENPORT, Secretary Chap
ter and Commandery.
W. R. BANKS. Secretary Council.
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
DREADNAUGHT
U O. L. NO. 210.
meets in I. O.
O. C Hall first
and third
MONDAY at
7:30 p. m.
Visiting broth
ers cordially
invited to at
tend. WM.
T. SMITHAN. W. M.
ROBERT FERGUS, Secretary
P. O. Box 426. Bisbee.
MONEY TO LOAN
Watches, Diamonds, Jewelry, Etc.
Reliable House 19 Branch Stores.
United Loan Jewelry Co.
BISBEE :: BREWERY GULCH
City Dye Works
Cleaning and Pressing
Phone 739
Opp. Y. W. C. A.
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Solicits Your
Patronage
PHONE 58
A Trial Solicited Prompt Delivery
Standard Laundry
FOR "QUALITY AND SERVICE"
A. OWERS. Mgr., Bakerville
Phone 57
BISSEE TRANSFER,
STORAGE & COAL CO.
Warehouse & Office Opposite Depot
PHONES 640 and 50.
HENNESSY
Undertaking Parlors
PHONE 15.
O K ST.
V ECKMAN5 -
CaVcero5
m-y'-V' UiH
INVALUABLE for colds
tf likm In ttm thin Calrlnm romtwflfl
lfMrn lh rt!-k of rhrtnic throat or Inn
trout'lf. All th remUuU anl tonlo qiutl-IlK-n
rc roml'irrcl In "llium roin-
twind. No li.umlul Urns. Try ilirm v
av. 50 cents a box, including war tax
for Ml ttr all dructf '
Ix'knwa LWtrv. l lulatlclplU ' -
f5
V
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS
"S Rathbona Lodge No. lb
Knights of Pythlat,
nsoala D.ph TllosftaV
"-2? (except second) In Odd
Feuows nan ai i.w
p. m. Visiting brothers
cordially invited.
H. E. WOOTON. C. C
W. E. McCALLUM. K- of R. 3-
LODGE NO. 671
day of each month. Visiting brothers
Regular meeting first and third Frt
cordially invited to attend.
JAS. ALLISON. Exalted Ruler.
R. J. KELLY, Secretary.
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD
Lowell Camp No. 46 will meet every
second and fourth Tuesday at 7:30
p. m, Finnish Hall.
D. C. SAX BY, C. C.
O. B. THOMAS. Clerk
All Woodmen invited.
OPOER OF EASTERN STAR
meets in Masonic Hall
Pearl Chapter, No. 6, meets
in Masonic Hall seoond and
fourth Tuesday ot each
month at 7:30 p. m.
MRS. EMMA WOODS, W. M.
Phone 161. Box 43, Bisbev
MRS. JESSIE BEVAN. Sec'y, P. a
Box 2299. Chairman Relief Conx.
Phone 16L
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED
AMERICAN MECHANICS
Meets in I. O. O. K.
Hall First and Third
Saturdays. V i s 1 1 U.
brothers welcome.
8. F. BENTON, Councillor.
F. M. WILLIAMS, Rec. Sec'y.
FRATERNAL
BROTHERHOOD
t. f. a
Bisbee Lodge No.
42 meets the 1st
and 3rd Mondays
each month at
7:30 at Medigo
vich Hall. VUit-
ing members cordially Invited.
B. F. MOSS, President. '
MRS. C. K. FIXOTTI. Treasurer.
Box 722. Tel. 236. Red.
IIONORA MUNCH, Secretary.
Box 1621.
MODERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA
5r Eisbee Camp No. 1341S.
--y Meets 1st Saturday
?J iledigovich HalL
it. U MOTZ. ConscX.
A. F. MATH EWSON,
Clerk.
C H. HOGAN
Office Below
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
Phone 121
REAL ESTATE
RENTALS
FIRE INSURANCE
NOTARY
Phone 121
Office Below
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
C. H. HOGAN
COLLINS &
j
Wc Specialize In
JEROME
AND
OATMAN
STOCKS
Jack EUg., Main S tree I
Phone 2G Cox 1129
THE REVIEW
Job Department
will furnish you at -st:r.iatr
on that job on s'lort notice
K5
IP
I fell ' SIX
THE EISBEE DAILY REVIEW.SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 3, 1918.
ergeaigyfe Many New -Arrivals vib1 J
I it I In -all that's Mew for W men !(
J15x land Misses :A'uttimiri anal- Aft hi
11-1 Winter W ear
I . r 'ViV :"'J
M
-Always Something NEW!
IpHE natural inclination of the human being is to be constantly on
& the lookout' for something new. The average jwoman is con
stantly on the alert for new styles in apparel and dress accessories.
This store affords ample opportunities for the discovery of new things. Every day
something new is added to our stock, which makes our display interesting to all visitors.
. , A: :! 1
DO YOUR
XMAS. BUYING
NOW!
Women's Suits
ALL WOOL POPLINS, BRAID AND BUTTON TRIM
MED, in all the new models for fall and winter. The col
ors are navy, taupe, burgundy, $29.59, $32.50, $34.50
and $39.50.
BROADCLOTH WOOL VELOUR, IN SOUD COLORS
AND VELOUR CHECKS, BUENELLA AND VELVE
TEEN SUITS, many numbers in plain tailored effects, oth
ers handsomely trimmed with furs, sealette, kit coney, Aus
tralian o'possum and Hudson seal, priced from $125.00
down to $42.00
WOOL JERSEY, WOOL SERGE DRESSES and serge
and satin combinations, embroidered in fancy braids and
trimmed with fringes; colors, Copen., blue, taupe, gray,
navy plum and brown, $62.50 down to $24.75
Do Your Christmas Buying NOW!
:;
Women's Coats
WOMEN'S CLOTH COATS, in, navy, burgundy, Russian
green and brown, trimmed with largecollar s of plush, in
harmonizing shades, $22.50, $25.00 and $29.50
PLUSH AND FURETTE COATS, belted models, plain
models, with large self collars, as well as handsomely fur
trimmed, in beaver, muffon, blended raccoon and kit
coney, $ 1 50.00 down to $30.00
Women's Skirts
WOMEN'S SKIRTS All wool serges, in navy and black,
plaited and plain models, $10.50 down to $5.95
FANCY PLATTED SKIRTS in rich plaids, and stripes,
$29.50 down to : .$15.C0
Children's Dresses
CHILDREN'S WOOL DRESSES, cottoo and wool plaids,
wool serges in staple colors, sizes 8 to 16 years. New
gingham dresses in fall plaids and combinations.
Waists and Underwear
GIRLS' FLANNEL MIDDIES in navy and hunters
red, trimmed with white braid, 1 4 years $6.95
WOMEN'S GGEORGETTE WAISTS in fleshand white,
embroidered in beads and lace trimmed, all sizes .$6.95
COLD WEATHER UND'WEAR
Outing flannel sleeping gar
ments for women, misses and chil
dren. Gowns, pajamas, pajunions,
and" children's sleeping garments,
with feet, also some hoods for out
door sleeping, in all white, striped
and flowered.
SECOND FLOOR
Do Your Christmas Buying NOW!
Mattresses, Beds and Springs
Be comfortable and warm. Have a good bed. Special for
Monday and Tuesday: Regular $1 7.50 One to a Customer)
40-LB FELTED COTTON MATTRESSES for $13.75
STOVES and HEATERS
BEST VALUES OBTAINABLE
All prices and sizes. Be sure to inspect our samples on
NEW FALL FURNITURE
second floor.
Comfy Davenports, with chairs and rockers to match, together
with the most beautiful bed-room sets and dining room sets the
market affords. .
DRESS GOODS
COSTUME VELVETS
This is the most popular cloth of the day, for
suits and coats. A wonderful material for looks
and service. Comes in purple, garnet and green.
Worth regular, $4.50. Special, per yd $2.95
FALL SERGES
Our 'stock is very complete. You will find al
most any color you could wish for. The quality
in every instance is the very best. The prices are
very reasonable.
85c, $1.00, $1.25, $1.50 to $3.50 yd.
BLANKETS and COMFORTS
Never before have we had such an assort
ment for you to choose from. Here you will find
any kind or style. The prices are very low, and
it will mean a considerable saving to your pocket
book to make your purchases from us.
Comforts are priced from $18.50 down to $1.75
Blankets are priced from $22.50 down to.. ..$1.50
-id-
New Styles
in Fall
Millinery , '
FEATHER 7
TURBANS
Large black velvet hats, colored facings of pink
and electric blue.
SAILORS in hatters plush black, brown,
taupe, and purple at $4.95
CHILL) Kt-IN o tLL.1 rlAlo, all bright col-
ors, :...yo
VELVET TAMS $2.95
DO YOUR CHRISTMAS BUYING NOW
Bargain Booth
SPECIALS
Wide assortment of CLUNEY LACES AND
BANDS, looks and wears like real Cluney
suitable for corset covers, camilsoles and to trim
household linens.
Special, yd 25c
CHIFFON VEILING
Eighteen inches wide, self borders ; colors, tans,
grays, lavender, blue, red and brown.
A splendid bargain, yd 29c
BED SHEETS Large size, for double bed,
made of good muslin ; will give excellent service.
Very special, each $1.75
BED SHEETS 90x90 inches; Utica brand
of extra heavy quality muslin and hemstitched.
Worth $3.00, to close out a few, only
Special, each $2 50
Shoes
for
the Growing
Girls
Sizes, 2 J2 to 7; prices, $4.50 to $7.50
Medium heels, low heels and spring heels.
Medium weight toles, Goodyear welt, McKay's
and English welt, sewed, in a variety of styles
and leathers.
Cloth top, tan, two tone, lace; combination
of grey and black cloth top, black calf vamp,
made on the English walking boot last; all gray
kid, English lace; all tan calf, straight lace,
imitation tip. Our stocks of these boots are the
best values we've had. The line is complete in
every detail.
Avoid the Christmas Rush
AND BUY YOUR X'MAS CARDS in time to get them to the
boys at the front.
CARDS AND BOOKLETS at prices ranging from 2y2c to 25c
PERFUMES AND TOILET WATERS at reasonable prices.
A BOX OF NICE WRITING PAFER will be appreciated by the
boys. Prices range from $75c to $2.00.
ANY ARTICLE NEEDED FOR THE TOlCET you will find in
abundance at our drug department First Floor.
Do Your CHRISTMAS Buying NOW;
Men's Furnishings for Cold Weather
Mackinaws Made from famous Oregon City cashmeres,
$17.50 down to $10.00
Sweaters Pull over, military, coat and high collar styles,
from $1 3.50 down to : , $2.00
Men's Union Suits, in cotton mixtures, and all wool,
Lewis and Globe makes, per suit, from $6.50 down to.... $2.00
Men's Flannel Shirts, all colors, flat and high collars.
$6.50 down to $1.75
DO YOUR WINTER'S SHOPPING EARLY
Present conditions and requirements of the government, to
gether with the increasing advance of standard lines of merchan
dise, makes it practically impossible for us to duplicate any of
our lines of winter materials at present prices, when the stocks
we now have on hand are exhausted.
Iff
s
THANKSGIVING POULTRY
Following our usual custom,' we will take advance orders from
our customers for dressed poultry. It will be our purpose to
secure the best quality turkeys, geese, ducks and hens that can be
obtained in Kansas. We will commence taking advance orders
and will name prices as early as possible. Avoid being disappoint
ed by placing your order early.
Grocery Department Specials
Monarch Red Current Jelly, tumbler 29c
Farm House Brand Queen Olives, 10 ounce bottle 18c
Do Your CHRISTMAS Buying NOW!
BISBEE CITIZENS HAVE PURCHASED $40,000 IN
WAR SAVINGS STAMPS FROM OUR STORES.
D
U IUUK LsIlKld 1 11 Si O
BUYING NOW!
Have You Bought YOURS?